
--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00805983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00805983.pdf
----------------------------------------
Draft dated April 8, 2018 
CONFIDENTIAL 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
OF 
NEOTENY 4, LP 
(A Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Dated as of [ 
1, 2018 
THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AMENDED AND 
RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS 
ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR 
RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD BE 
AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE RISKS OF THIS 
INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, A LIMITED PARTNER MAY NOT SELL, ASSIGN, 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF ALL OR ANY PART OF SUCH 
LIMITED PARTNER'S INTEREST IN THE PARTNERSHIP UNLESS THE GENERAL 
PARTNER (AS DEFINED HEREIN) HAS CONSENTED THERETO. 
NEITHER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR 
ANY STATE REGULATORY AUTHORITY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THIS 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OR THE LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS UNLAWFUL. 
EFTA00805983
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
NEOTENY 4, LP 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
Definitions 
ARTICLE II ORGANIZATION; POWERS 
2.1 
Continuation of Limited Partnership.  
2.2 
Name; Offices 
2.3 
Purpose; Powers 
ARTICLE III PARTNERS 
3.1 
Names, Addresses and Subscriptions.  
3.2 
Status of Limited Partners. 
3.3 
Additional Limited Partners. 
3.4 
Other Activities Of Partners. 
3.5 
Co-Investments. 
3.6 
Advisory Committee 
ARTICLE IV MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF PARTNERSHIP 
4.1 
Management by General Partner 
4.2 
Powers of General Partner 
ARTICLE V FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 
Organizational Expenses 
5.2 
Payment of Expenses. 
5.3 
Management Fee 
ARTICLE VI CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
6.1 
Obligation to Contribute.  
6.2 
Return of Certain Amounts Subject to Subsequent Drawdown 
6.3 
Failure to Make Required Payment. 
6.4 
Currency 
ARTICLE VII DISTRIBUTIONS 
7.1 
Amount, Timing and Form 
7.2 
Distributions. 
7.3 
Other Special Distributions 
7.4 
Payment of Taxes 
7.5 
Certain Distributions Prohibited 
ARTICLE VIII CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
Capital Accounts 
8.2 
Allocations of Net Gain or Loss. 
8.3 
Other Specially Allocated Items 
8.4 
Admission of Additional Partners. 
ARTICLE IX DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
9.1 
Term of Partnership. 
9.2 
Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General Partner 
EFTA00805984
--- PAGE 3 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
9.3 
Dissolution by Partners. 
ARTICLE X LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 
General. 
10.2 
Liquidating Distributions. 
10.3 
Expenses of Liquidator.  
10.4 
Duration of Liquidation 
10.5 
Liability for Returns 
10.6 
Post-Dissolution Investments 
ARTICLE XI LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS OF PARTNERSHIP 
INTERESTS 
11.1 
Transfer of General Partner's Interest 
11.2 
Transfers of Limited Partnership Interests 
11.3 
Admission of Substituted Limited Partners.  
11.4 
Non-Compliant Transfer. 
11.5 
Multiple Ownership. 
11.6 
No Withdrawal Rights. 
ARTICLE XII EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 
Exculpation 
12.2 
Indemnification 
12.3 
Limitation by Law. 
12.4 
Return of Certain Distributions. 
ARTICLE XIII AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 
Amendments 
13.2 
Voting and Consents 
ARTICLE XIV ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
14.1 
Keeping of Accounts and Records; Certificate of Limited Partnership 
14.2 
Inspection Rights.  
14.3 
Financial Reports. 
14.4 
Annual Meeting. 
14.5 
Notices 
14.6 
Accounting Provisions. 
14.7 
Tax Provisions 
14.8 
General Provisions 
Appendix I 
Definitions 
Appendix II Regulatory and Tax Allocations 
EFTA00805985
--- PAGE 4 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
NEOTENY 4, LP 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, dated as of 
this [ 
day of [ 
1, 2018 (this "Agreement"), is by and among Neoteny 4 GP, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, as the sole general partner (the "General Partner"), and 
those firms, corporations and other Persons listed on the List of Partners as limited partners who 
execute a counterpart of this Agreement (collectively, the "Limited Partners"). The General 
Partner and the Limited Partners are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the "Partners." 
WHEREAS, Neoteny 4, LP (the "Partnership") was formed as a Delaware limited partnership 
by the filing of a Certificate of Limited Partnership for the Partnership with the Office of the 
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 2, 2018; and 
WHEREAS, the Partnership is currently governed by a limited partnership agreement dated 
February 2, 2018 between the General Partner and the Initial Limited Partner (the "Initial 
Agreement"). 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto wish to amend and restate the Initial Agreement to 
read in its entirety as follows: 
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the 
meanings assigned to them in Appendix I hereto. 
ARTICLE II 
ORGANIZATION; POWERS 
2.1 
Continuation of Limited Partnership. 
The Partners agree to continue the 
Partnership subject to the terms of this Agreement in accordance with the Delaware Revised 
Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended from time to time (the "Delaware Act"), and the 
Initial Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety by its deletion and replacement 
by this Agreement. 
The Initial Limited Partner hereby withdraws from the Partnership 
simultaneously with the admission of the first additional Limited Partner, and none of the 
Partners shall have any claim against the Initial Limited Partner as such. 
2.2 
Name; Offices. The name of the Partnership is "Neoteny 4, LP". The Partnership 
shall have the exclusive right to use such name as long as the Partnership continues. The name 
of the Partnership may be changed at any time by the General Partner without the consent or 
approval of the Limited Partners. The principal office of the Partnership shall be located initially 
at do Neoteny 4 GP, LLC, do Prague & Company, P.C., 15 Walnut Street, Suite 150, Wellesley, 
Massachusetts 02481. The initial address of the Partnership's registered office in Delaware is 
EFTA00805986
--- PAGE 5 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, County of New Castle, and its initial registered agent at such 
address for service of process is Corporation Service Company. The General Partner may 
change the locations of the principal office and registered office of the Partnership to such other 
locations, and may change the registered agent of the Partnership in Delaware to such other 
Person, as the General Partner may specify from time to time in a written notice to the other 
Partners. 
The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may cause the Partnership to open 
additional offices. 
2.3 
Purpose; Powers. The primary purpose of the Partnership is to make venture 
capital investments, principally by investing in and holding equity, equity-oriented and debt 
securities of early/seed-stage privately held companies selected by the General Partner. The 
general purposes of the Partnership are to buy, hold, sell and otherwise invest in securities, 
whether readily marketable or not; to exercise all rights, powers, privileges and other incidents of 
ownership or possession with respect to securities held or owned by the Partnership; to enter 
into, make and perform all contracts and other undertakings; and to engage in all activities and 
transactions as may be necessary, advisable or desirable, as determined by the General Partner, 
to carry out the foregoing. 
ARTICLE III 
PARTNERS 
3.1 
Names, Addresses and Subscriptions. The name, address, electronic mail address 
and Subscription of each Partner are set forth in the List of Partners. The General Partner shall 
cause the List of Partners to be revised, without the necessity of obtaining the consent of any 
other Partner, to reflect any changes in the information contained thereon occurring pursuant to 
the terms of this Agreement. Each Partner shall promptly provide the Partnership with the 
information required to be set forth for such Partner on the List of Partners and shall thereafter 
promptly notify the Partnership of any change to such information. 
3.2 
Status of Limited Partners. 
(a) 
Limited Liability. No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall be 
liable for the debts and obligations of the Partnership so long as such Limited Partner does not 
take part in the control of the business of the Partnership; provided, however, that each Limited 
Partner shall be required to pay to the Partnership (i) any unpaid capital contributions that such 
Limited Partner has agreed to make to the Partnership pursuant to Article VI, to the extent 
provided in Section 17-502(a) and (b) of the Delaware Act; (ii) the amount of any distribution 
that such Limited Partner is required to return to the Partnership pursuant to the Delaware Act; 
and (iii) the unpaid balance of any other payments that such Limited Partner expressly is 
required to make to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, 
Section 12.4, or pursuant to such Limited Partner's subscription agreement, if any. 
(b) 
Effect of Death. Dissolution or Bankruptcy. 
Upon the death, 
incompetency, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of a Limited Partner, the rights 
and obligations of such Limited Partner under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and 
EFTA00805987
--- PAGE 6 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
shall be binding upon, such Limited Partner's successor(s), estate or legal representative, and 
each such Person shall be treated as an assignee of such Limited Partner's interest for purposes 
of Article XI until such time as such Person may be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner 
pursuant to that Article. 
(c) 
No Control of Partnership. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, no 
Limited Partner shall have the right or power to: (i) withdraw or reduce its contribution to the 
capital of the Partnership; (ii) cause the dissolution and winding up of the Partnership; or 
(iii) demand or receive property in return for its capital contributions. No Limited Partner, in its 
capacity as such, shall take any part in the control of the affairs of the Partnership, undertake any 
transactions on behalf of the Partnership, or have any power to sign for or otherwise to bind the 
Partnership. 
(d) 
Anti-Money Laundering Provisions. 
(i) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to ensure that: 
(1) 
None of the monies that such Limited Partner will 
contribute to the Partnership shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that is deemed 
criminal under United States law or the law of the jurisdiction in which such activity took place; 
and 
(2) 
No contribution or payment by such Limited Partner to the 
Partnership, to the extent that such contribution or payment is within such Limited Partner's 
control, and no distribution to such Limited Partner (assuming such distribution is made in 
accordance with instructions provided to the General Partner by such Limited Partner) shall 
cause the Partnership or the General Partner to be in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy 
Act, the United States Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the United States International 
Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, the Uniting and 
Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct 
Terrorism Act of 2001 or any other anti-money laundering laws or regulations, in each case as 
amended and any successor statute thereto and including all regulations promulgated thereunder 
(collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering Laws"). 
(ii) 
Each Limited Partner: (1) shall promptly notify the General Partner 
if, to the knowledge of such Limited Partner, there has been any violation of Section 3.2(d)(i); 
(2) shall provide the General Partner, promptly upon receipt of the General Partner's written 
request therefor, with any additional information regarding such Limited Partner or its beneficial 
owner(s) that the General Partner deems necessary or advisable in order to ensure compliance 
with all applicable laws, regulations and administrative pronouncements concerning and the 
Anti-Money Laundering Laws or other criminal activities; and (3) understands and agrees that if; 
at any time, the requirements of Section 3.2(d)(i) are not satisfied, or if otherwise required by the 
Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any applicable law or regulation related to other criminal 
activities, the General Partner may take appropriate actions to ensure that the Partnership and the 
EFTA00805988
--- PAGE 7 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
General Partner are in compliance with all such applicable laws, regulations and 
pronouncements. 
(iii) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that (I) the 
Partnership or General Partner may release confidential information regarding such Limited 
Partner and, if applicable, any of its beneficial owners, to governmental authorities if the General 
Partner, in its sole discretion, determines that releasing such information is in the best interest of 
the Partnership in light of any regulations or administrative pronouncements promulgated under 
the laws referred to in Section 3.2(d1(ft(2), and (2) the General Partner, without the consent of 
any Limited Partner and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, may amend any 
provision of this Agreement in order to effectuate the intent of this Section 3.2(d). 
3.3 
Additional Limited Partners. 
(a) 
Additional Subscriptions before Final Closing Date. 
Subject to the 
provisions of this Agreement, during the period from the date on which investors are first 
admitted to the Partnership (the "Initial Closing Date") through December 31, 2018 (the "Final 
Closing Date"), the General Partner is authorized, but not obligated, to admit to the Partnership 
one or more additional Limited Partners (each, an "Additional Limited Partner") and to accept 
additional Subscriptions from existing Limited Partners, who shall be deemed to be Additional 
Limited Partners to the extent of such additional Subscriptions. Additional Subscriptions shall 
be accepted and Additional Limited Partners shall be admitted to the Partnership pursuant to this 
Section 3.3(aI only i£ 
(i) 
Each such Additional Limited Partner shall contribute, on or after 
the date of its admission or the acceptance of its additional Subscription, the same percentage of 
its Subscription or its additional Subscription, as the case may be, as has been contributed by the 
other non-defaulting Limited Partners prior to such date (not including any contributions 
pursuant to (ji) below); 
(ii) 
Unless otherwise waived by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion, each such Additional Limited Partner shall contribute to the Partnership at the same 
time an interest-equivalent amount equal to the interest that would be payable on a debt 
obligation in the amount of the contribution made pursuant to clause (a), computed at a rate 
equal to the Prime Rate in effect on the Initial Drawdown Date plus two percent (2%) per annum 
for the period from the due date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make their 
earlier contributions to the date of such contribution, and the allocations otherwise provided for 
in this Agreement shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 8.3(b) so that the increase in the 
Additional Limited Partner's Capital Account attributable to the contribution of such interest-
equivalent amount is fully offset by special allocations of loss or expense to such Partner; 
(iii) 
Upon payment of the amount provided by Sections 3.3(a)(i) and 
(11), the Partnership shall: 
(1) 
pay to the Management Company, as an additional 
Management Fee, the incremental Management Fee that would have been payable prior to such 
EFTA00805989
--- PAGE 8 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
admission with respect to the Subscription of the Additional Limited Partners had such 
Additional Limited Partners been admitted on the Initial Closing Date; and 
(2) 
at the discretion of the General Partner, retain for any valid 
Partnership purpose some or all of the balance of the amount paid to the Partnership under 
Section 3.3(a)(i) (together with the portion of the interest paid pursuant to Section 3.3(a)(ii) with 
respect to such retained portion), and/or distribute some or all of such balance to the Partners 
(other than the Additional Limited Partners admitted on such admission date) apportioned among 
such previously admitted Partners in proportion to their respective Contributions. Such 
distribution shall be deemed to consist of (A) a portion of the initial Contribution made by the 
Additional Limited Partners which the General Partner determines to return to the previously 
admitted Partners, plus (B) the interest-equivalent amount paid pursuant to Section 3.3(axii) with 
respect to such portion of the initial Contribution made by the Additional Limited Partners which 
the General Partner determines to return to the previously admitted Partners. The portion of any 
distribution to a Partner described under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence shall 
be added back to the unpaid portion of such Partner's Subscription which may be called again by 
the Partnership, and the portion of any distribution to a Partner described under clause (B) of the 
immediately preceding sentence shall be treated as a special distribution of interest income 
which does not increase the unpaid portion of such Partner's Subscription; and 
(iv) 
No distribution has been made by the Partnership to the Partners 
pursuant to Article VII (other than pursuant to Section 7.4) prior to the date of such Additional 
Limited Partner's admission or additional Subscription. 
Each Partner acknowledges and agrees that the intent of this Section 3.3(a) is to allow 
each Additional Limited Partner to be admitted to the Partnership with a proportionate interest 
(based on relative Subscriptions) in the Partnership, and to cause such Additional Limited 
Partner to bear its proportionate share (based on relative Subscriptions) of Management Fees and 
other Partnership Expenses, without decreasing the aggregate Subscriptions of other Partners. 
Accordingly, the amount contributed by a Limited Partner pursuant to Section 3.3(061 shall be 
treated as a Contribution by such Limited Partner, and the interest described in Section 3.3(a)(ii) 
shall be treated as interest income of the Partnership. The portion of the interest income and the 
amount of incremental Management Fees described in Section 3.3(a)(iii) shall be specially 
allocated items of income and expense to such Additional Limited Partner to the extent required 
such that such Additional Limited Partner has been allocated a proportionate share of all 
Management Fees incurred by the Partnership after the date hereof. The portion of the interest 
income described in clause (B) of Section 3.3(a)(iii)(2) shall be a specially allocated and 
distributed item of income to previously admitted Partners to the extent paid to them, and the 
amount described in clause (A) of Section 3.3(a)(iii)(2) shall be a special return of Contributions 
to previously admitted Partners which is added back to their unpaid Subscriptions to the extent 
distributed to them. Subject to the foregoing and to the provisions of Section 8.4, each previously 
admitted and Additional Limited Partner shall be treated in all respects as if it had been an 
original Limited Partner of the Partnership (with a proportionate share of aggregate 
Contributions), and shall be subject to all the obligations of the Limited Partners hereunder 
including, without limitation, the obligation to make all subsequent Contributions required by 
this Agreement. 
EFTA00805990
--- PAGE 9 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(b) 
Additional Subscriptions after Final Closing Date. After the Final Closing 
Date, the General Partner, with the consent of either the Advisory Committee or a majority-in-
interest of the Limited Partners, is authorized to admit one or more Persons to the Partnership as 
Additional Limited Partners or accept additional Subscriptions from the Partners. The terms of 
any such admission or additional Subscription shall be fixed by the General Partner at the time of 
such admission or additional Subscription. 
(c) 
Accession to Agreement. 
Each Person who is to be admitted as an 
Additional Limited Partner or substituted Limited Partner pursuant to this Agreement shall 
accede to this Agreement by executing, together with the General Partner, a counterpart 
signature page to this Agreement providing for such admission, which shall be deemed for all 
purposes to constitute an amendment to this Agreement providing for such admission but shall 
not require the consent or approval of any other Partner. The General Partner shall make any 
necessary filings with the appropriate governmental authorities and take such actions as are 
necessary under applicable law to effectuate such admission. 
3.4 
Other Activities Of Partners. Any Partner and its respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, trustees, employees, agents and Affiliates may invest, 
participate, or engage in (for their own accounts or for the accounts of others), or may possess an 
interest in, other financial ventures, and investment, professional, academic, civic and political 
activities of every kind, nature and description, independently or with others, including but not 
limited to: management of other investment partnerships; investment in, financing, acquisition or 
disposition of securities; investment and management counseling; providing brokerage and 
investment banking services; or serving as officers, directors, managers, consultants, employees, 
advisers or agents of other companies, partners of any partnership, members of any limited 
liability company or trustees of any trust (and may receive wages, fees, commissions, 
remuneration or reimbursement of expenses in connection with these activities), including, 
without limitation, Portfolio Companies, whether or not such activities may conflict with any 
interest of the Partnership or any of the Partners. 
Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the Partners acknowledge and agree that the member(s) or manager(s) of the General 
Partner may be employed on either a full-time or part-time basis by parties other than the 
Partnership or the General Partner and are under no obligation to devote any minimum amount 
of their time to the affairs of the Partnership or the General Partner. Neither the Partnership nor 
any Partner shall have any rights, solely by virtue of this Agreement, in or to any activities 
permitted by this Section 3.4 or to any wages, fees, income, profits or goodwill derived from 
such activities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any 
other document, no Partner shall have any rights in or to any technology or opportunities arising 
out of the relationship between any Affiliate of the General Partner and the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology, the MIT Media Lab or any of their respective Affiliates by virtue of this 
Agreement or such Partner's relationship with the Partnership. 
3.5 
Co-Investments. The General Partner may permit one or more investors (which 
for this purpose, may consist of third parties and/or Affiliates of the General Partner) to invest in 
transactions in which the Partnership invests if the General Partner determines in its sole 
discretion that their investment would be beneficial in consummating such investment, 
successfully operating the Portfolio Company or its assets, disposing of such investment or 
EFTA00805991
--- PAGE 10 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
otherwise adding value to such investment. 
In addition, the General Partner may, in its 
discretion, grant one or more Partners rights to co-invest with the Partnership (either directly or 
indirectly by means of co-investment vehicles formed by the General Partner and/or its 
Affiliates) in instances where the General Partner determines a co-investment allocation to be 
available. Co-investors are expected to invest in the same securities as the Partnership and at the 
same valuation, but may be subject to such fees (including carried interest and management fees) 
and expenses as may be negotiated with the General Partner and/or its Affiliates. The General 
Partner and/or its Affiliates may make an investment in any vehicle formed for a co-investment 
opportunity. 
3.6 
Advisory Committee. 
(a) 
Appointment; Removal. The Partnership may form a committee of at least 
three members (the "Advisory Committee"), which shall consist exclusively of Limited Partners 
(or designated representatives thereof), who shall be appointed by the General Partner and who 
may be removed or replaced by the General Partner. 
(b) 
Duties. The duties of the Advisory Committee (or its sub-committees), if 
formed, shall be to: 
(i) 
Be available to confer with the General Partner regarding the 
progress of Portfolio Investments; 
(ii) 
Review and advise the General Partner regarding potential 
conflicts of interest submitted to them by the General Partner; and 
(iii) 
Undertake such other duties as are required by this Agreement or 
reasonably requested by the General Partner. 
Neither the Advisory Committee nor any member thereof (acting in such capacity) shall 
undertake any action on behalf of the Partnership with any third party or have the power to bind 
the Partnership or any authority to act for or on its behalf. 
(c) 
Reimbursement of Expenses. Members of the Advisory Committee may 
receive from the Partnership reimbursement for any reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses 
incurred in connection with their attendance at meetings of the Advisory Committee, but shall 
receive no fees or other compensation from the Partnership in connection with their duties as 
members of the Advisory Committee. 
ARTICLE IV 
MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF PARTNERSHIP 
4.1 
Management by General Partner. The management, policies and control of the 
Partnership shall be vested exclusively in the General Partner. The Limited Partners shall take 
no part in the control or management of the affairs of the Partnership nor shall a Limited Partner 
have any authority to act for or on behalf of the Partnership. 
EFTA00805992
--- PAGE 11 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
4.2 
Powers of General Partner. Except as otherwise explicitly provided herein, the 
General Partner shall have the power on behalf and in the name of the Partnership to implement 
the objectives of the Partnership and to exercise any rights and powers the Partnership may 
possess, including, without limitation, the power to cause the Partnership to make any elections 
available to the Partnership under applicable tax or other laws (other than elections specifically 
prohibited by Section 14.7(a)). No Person, in dealing with the General Partner, shall be required 
to determine the General Partner's authority to make any commitment or engage in any 
undertaking on behalf of the Partnership, or to determine any fact or circumstance bearing upon 
the existence of the authority of the General Partner. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement, without the consent of any Limited Partner or other Person being required, the 
Partnership is hereby authorized to execute, deliver and perform, and the General Partner on 
behalf of the Partnership and itself, as applicable, is hereby authorized to execute and deliver (a) 
a subscription agreement with each Limited Partner, (b) a management agreement with the 
Management Company, and (c) any amendment of any such document (in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement) and any agreement, document or other instrument contemplated 
thereby or related thereto. The General Partner is hereby authorized to enter into the documents 
described in the preceding sentence on behalf of the Partnership, but such authorization shall not 
be deemed a restriction on the power of the General Partner to enter into other documents on 
behalf of the Partnership. 
ARTICLE V 
FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 
Organizational Expenses. The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner 
and its Affiliates for all Organizational Expenses incurred by any of them. 
5.2 
Payment of Expenses. 
(a) 
General. Subject to Section 5.2(b), the Partnership agrees to assume and 
pay all operating expenses attributable to the Partnership's activities (collectively, "Partnership 
Expenses") on the terms and conditions herein set forth. 
(b) 
General Partner Expenses. The General Partner or its Affiliates shall bear 
only the following expenses: compensation of employees and consultants of the General Partner 
and/or the Management Company, including salaries of the employees of the General Partner 
and/or the Management Company; and fees and expenses for consultants and administrative, 
clerical and related support services, office space for the General Partner and/or the Management 
Company and related utilities and telephone, insofar as they relate to the investment activities of 
the Partnership and not set forth in Section 5.2(c). 
(c) 
Partnership Expenses. 
Partnership Expenses borne by the Partnership 
shall include, without limitation: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses; liquidation 
expenses of the Partnership; any sales or other taxes (except as provided below), fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Partnership; commissions or brokerage 
fees or similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities (including 
EFTA00805993
--- PAGE 12 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
any merger fees payable to third parties and whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); expenses of members of the Advisory Committee (including travel-related costs 
and expenses); the costs and expenses (including travel-related expenses) of hosting annual or 
special meetings for the Partnership, or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited 
Partners, whether individually or in a group; interest expense for borrowed money (if any); all 
expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Partnership, including 
indemnification expenses; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, 
commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal, custodial and registration services provided to 
the Partnership and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each case 
services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Partnership that are not 
reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); travel expenses related to the investment activities of the Partnership; expenses 
associated with outsourcing certain financial reporting and accounting services provided to the 
Partnership; costs of preparing and delivering financial statements and other reports to the 
Partners, as well as all other communications with the Partners; costs of preparing and filing all 
income, informational and other governmental returns, reports and filings; premiums for liability 
or other insurance to protect the Partnership, the General Partner, the Management Company, the 
members of the Advisory Committee and any of their respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Partnership; and all other expenses properly chargeable to the activities of the Partnership. 
5.3 
Management Fee. Subject to the limitations set forth below, the Partnership shall 
pay the Management Company a management fee (the "Management Fee"), equal to two 
percent (2%) per annum of the aggregate Subscriptions of the Limited Partners. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, with respect to the quarter in which the Initial Closing Date occurs, the 
Management Fee for such quarter will be pro-rated based on the number of days remaining in 
such quarter as of the Initial Closing Date (and including such date) divided by the total number 
of days in such quarter. Payments of the Management Fee shall be made quarterly in advance on 
the first Business Day of each fiscal quarter of the Partnership, provided that the first payment 
shall be due upon the Initial Drawdown Date (for Management Fees accrued from the Initial 
Closing Date). 
ARTICLE VI 
CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
6.1 
Obligation to Contribute. 
(a) 
In General. 
Each Partner shall make capital contributions to the 
Partnership, in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Agreement, in an aggregate 
amount equal to such Partner's Subscription. Except as provided in Section 6.3(e), the amount 
of capital required to be contributed by each Partner on the occasion of a drawdown shall be 
determined by the General Partner based on the ratio of such Partner's unpaid Subscription to the 
aggregate unpaid Subscriptions of all Partners. All capital contributions shall be made to the 
Partnership by check or wire transfer or other transfer of federal or other immediately available 
U.S. funds on the relevant due date to the account designated for such purpose. Each Partner 
EFTA00805994
--- PAGE 13 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
shall be obligated to make payment in full of each required capital contribution together with any 
interest or other amounts due thereon, and no Partner shall make (nor shall the General Partner or 
the Partnership be obligated to accept) less than the full amount of any such required capital 
contribution. 
(b) 
Initial Capital Contributions. Each Partner's initial capital contribution 
shall be due upon not less than ten (10) Business Days' prior written notice from the General 
Partner, such date being referred to herein as the "Initial Drawdown Date". 
(c) 
Additional Contributions: Deficiency Drawdowns. The General Partner is 
authorized to draw down additional capital contributions from time to time for any purposes 
contemplated under this Agreement upon not less than ten (10) Business Days' prior written 
notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Limited Partner has failed to make a capital 
contribution when due (including such Partner's initial capital contribution), the General Partner 
in its sole discretion may call for a deficiency drawdown of contributions from the other Partners 
to replace the unpaid contribution upon five (5) Business Days' prior written notice. For 
purposes of Section 6.3, the amount of a Limited Partner's contribution that is not paid when due 
shall be deemed to include such Partner's ratable share, determined on a grossed-up basis, of any 
deficiency drawdown with respect to such Limited Partner's unpaid contribution. 
(d) 
Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls: Rescission or Postponement. The 
General Partner shall send written notice of a call for capital contributions, or a rescission or 
postponement of such a call, to each Limited Partner by first class mail or electronic mail. A 
notice calling for capital contributions may be rescinded or postponed by the General Partner by 
prompt written notice. 
(e) 
Offsets Against Distributions: No Interest or Withdrawals. In connection 
with any call for capital contributions under this Agreement, the General Partner is authorized to 
apply cash that would otherwise be distributed to a Partner in satisfaction of such Partner's 
obligation to make a capital contribution pursuant to such call, to the extent thereof. The amount 
applied shall be deemed distributed to the Partner by the Partnership and then contributed by the 
Partner to the Partnership in satisfaction of such Partner's obligation to contribute capital 
hereunder and such Partner's Contribution shall be adjusted accordingly. No interest shall 
accrue on any Partner's Contribution. No Partner shall have the right to withdraw or to be repaid 
its Contribution except as specifically provided in this Agreement. 
(0 
General Partner's Authority to Reduce Subscriptions. The General Partner 
in its sole discretion may reduce the Subscriptions of all Partners on a pro rata basis. The 
General Partner shall give each Partner written notice of the reduction, which notice shall include 
the amount of such Partner's reduced Subscription. 
(g) 
Contributions of the General Partner. The General Partner shall contribute 
capital to the Partnership in satisfaction of its Subscription (if any) at the time capital calls are 
made pursuant to this Agreement. In addition to its general partnership interest, the General 
Partner may also hold limited partnership interests in the Partnership. The Subscription of the 
EFTA00805995
--- PAGE 14 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
General Partner and/or its Affiliates, in aggregate, shall be at least $100,000 (which may be in 
the form of limited partnership interests). 
6.2 
Return of Certain Amounts Subject to Subsequent Drawdown. 
(a) 
Unused Contributions. The General Partner in its sole discretion may 
cause the Partnership to return to the Partners all or any portion of capital contributions that have 
not been invested in one or more Portfolio Investments or applied to the payment or 
reimbursement of expenses or other purposes. Such contributions shall be distributed to the 
Partners pro rata in proportion to the respective amounts of contributions made by them with 
respect to the drawdown that gave rise to the contribution that is being returned. 
(b) 
Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional Partner. 
Immediately following the initial (or additional) capital contribution of an Additional Limited 
Partner, the General Partner, in its sole discretion, may return to each of the non-contributing 
Partners, in proportion to their Contributions, a portion of their earlier capital contributions to the 
Partnership in an aggregate amount not in excess of the new contribution. If the General Partner 
intends to exercise its discretion to return capital contributions pursuant to the preceding 
sentence, it may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of the contribution required to be made 
by the Additional Limited Partner pursuant to Section 3.3(a)(i) so that, on a net basis after the 
return of contributions, all Partners will have contributed the same percentage of their 
Subscriptions. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may also pay to the Partners as 
"guaranteed payments" (as defined in Section 707(c) of the Code), including the Additional 
Limited Partner, in proportion to their Contributions, all or a portion of the interest-equivalent 
amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant to Section 3.3(alffil. 
(c) 
Effect of Return of Contributions. The General Partner shall make all 
appropriate adjustments, including to the amount of the Partners' respective Contributions, 
unpaid Subscriptions, Capital Accounts and any other items that are adjusted for capital 
drawdowns, so that the amounts of all such items are, to the maximum extent possible, the same 
as they would have been had the capital drawdown that gave rise to any contribution that is 
returned pursuant to Section 6.2(a) or Section 6.2(b) never occurred. No such adjustments shall 
be made, however, to reflect any amounts paid or distributed to a Partner that are attributable to 
the payment to such Partner of any interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership 
pursuant to Section 3.3(a)(ii). A reduction of a Partner's Capital Account pursuant to this 
Section 6.2(c) shall not be treated as a distribution for purposes of this Agreement, unless the 
context so requires. 
6.3 
Failure to Make Required Payment. 
(a) 
Interest. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, upon any 
failure by a Limited Partner to pay a capital contribution in full when due, interest will accrue at 
the Default Rate on the outstanding unpaid balance of such capital contribution, from and 
including the date such capital contribution was due until the earlier of the date of payment of 
such capital contribution by such Partner (or a transferee) or the date on which the General 
Partner imposes a default charge pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(i). The "Default Rate" with respect 
EFTA00805996
--- PAGE 15 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
to any period shall be the lesser of (i) a rate equal to the Prime Rate in effect on the date such 
capital contribution is due plus six percent (6%) or (ii) the highest interest rate for such period 
permitted by applicable law. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may waive the 
requirement to pay interest, in whole or in part. 
(b) 
Default. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, if any Limited 
Partner fails to make a capital contribution when due, and such failure continues for ten 
(10) Business Days after receipt by such Partner of written notice of such failure, then such 
Partner (a "Defaulting Partner") shall be in default. The Partnership shall be entitled to enforce 
the obligations of each Partner to make the contributions to capital specified in this Agreement, 
and the Partnership shall have all remedies available at law or in equity in the event any such 
contribution is not so made. The remedies provided for in this Section 6.3(b) are in addition to 
and not in limitation of any other right or remedy of the Partnership provided by law or equity, 
this Agreement, or any other agreement entered into by or among any one or more of the 
Partners and/or the Partnership (including, without limitation, any subscription agreement 
relating to the Partnership). Each Limited Partner hereby agrees that the remedy at law for 
damages resulting from its default under this Agreement is inadequate because the funding of 
Partnership investments and other obligations requires the timely availability of required capital 
contributions. Upon the occurrence of a default, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
pursue one or more of the following alternatives: 
(i) 
Impose a Default Charge upon the Defaulting Partner pursuant to 
Section 6.3(c); 
(ii) 
Offer the Defaulting Partner's entire interest in the Partnership to 
the other Partners for purchase, in proportion to the other Partners' Subscriptions (with Partners 
accepting offers being permitted to take up offers declined by other Partners in proportion to 
their Subscriptions), at a price for that interest equal to the lesser of the then fair market value of 
the interest or the pre-default balance in the Defaulting Partner's Capital Account, subject to 
such other terms as the General Partner in its sole discretion shall determine, provided that the 
purchasing Partners agree to assume the Subscription of the Defaulting Partner, including any 
portion then due and unpaid; 
(iii) 
Assist the Defaulting Partner in selling its interest in the 
Partnership, with the full assumption by the buyer of the Defaulting Partner's Subscription, 
including any portion then due and unpaid; 
(iv) 
Accept a late contribution from the Defaulting Partner, with 
interest (unless such interest is waived by the General Partner), in satisfaction of its then 
outstanding obligation to contribute hereunder; 
(v) 
Cause the entire unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner to 
become immediately due and payable; 
EFTA00805997
--- PAGE 16 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(vi) 
Cause any distributions which would otherwise be made to the 
Defaulting Partner to be applied against any amounts due and payable from the Defaulting 
Partner; 
(vii) 
Pursue and enforce all of the Partnership's other rights and 
remedies against the Defaulting Partner under this Agreement, the relevant subscription 
agreement and Delaware law, including but not limited to the commencement of a lawsuit to 
collect the unpaid capital contribution, interest and costs, and reimbursement (with interest at the 
Default Rate) of any other damages suffered by the Partnership; 
(viii) The institution of an action for specific performance of the 
Defaulting Partner's obligation to contribute the capital contribution(s) in question; or 
(ix) 
Accept from a Defaulting Partner, for U.S. income tax purposes, an 
abandonment of such Defaulting Partner's interest in the Partnership, including without 
limitation, such Partner's Contribution, Capital Account and Subscription. 
If a Defaulting Partner's interest in the Partnership is sold pursuant to fiu or (iii) above or if the 
General Partner exercises its discretion to accept a late contribution pursuant to fiv ) above, the 
General Partner shall not impose a Default Charge pursuant to (j) above. Otherwise, to the 
maximum extent permitted by law, the remedies set forth above shall be cumulative, and the use 
by the General Partner of one or more of them against a Defaulting Partner shall not preclude the 
use of any other such remedy. 
(c) 
Default Charge. The Partners agree that the damages suffered by the 
Partnership as the result of a default by a Defaulting Partner will be substantial and that such 
damages cannot be estimated with reasonable accuracy. To the maximum extent permitted by 
law, as a penalty for such default (which each Partner hereby agrees is reasonable), and subject 
to Section 6.3(b), the General Partner may cause both the Contribution and Capital Account of a 
Defaulting Partner to be reduced (but not below zero) by an amount equal to 75% of such 
Defaulting Partner's Subscription at the time of the default (the "Default Charge"). If (except 
for the limitation set forth in the preceding sentence) the Default Charge would exceed either the 
Contribution of or the existing balance in the Capital Account of the Defaulting Partner at the 
time of default, then such excess shall carry over and be applied as a reduction at a subsequent 
time. The amount of any Default Charge levied upon a Defaulting Partner at any time shall be 
allocated: 
(i) 
As to the Contribution amount, to and among the respective 
Contributions of the non-defaulting Partners in proportion to their respective Contributions; and 
(ii) 
As to the Capital Account amount, to and among the respective 
Capital Accounts of the non-defaulting Partners in proportion to the positive balances in their 
respective Capital Accounts. 
EFTA00805998
--- PAGE 17 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(d) 
Distributions and Allocations. 
(i) 
The General Partner, in its sole discretion, and subject to any 
Default Charge imposed pursuant to Section 6.3(c), may cause the Partnership to withhold any 
distributions that otherwise would be made to a Defaulting Partner until such time as the 
Partnership makes its final liquidating distribution, or until such earlier time as the General 
Partner may determine. Any distributions so withheld, or the proceeds thereof, may be used by 
the Partnership for any purpose. If the General Partner has withheld distributions from a 
Defaulting Partner pursuant to this Section 6.3(d) and subsequently determines to pay the 
withheld distributions to such Defaulting Partner, it may elect to (1) pay cash to such Defaulting 
Partner in lieu of any distributions which were made to non-defaulting Partners in kind and 
withheld from such Defaulting Partner, but the Partnership shall not, in such event, be liable to 
such Defaulting Partner for any subsequent increase in the value of any securities which would 
have been distributed to such Defaulting Partner had such Defaulting Partner not defaulted, or 
(2) deliver to such Defaulting Partner the securities or other assets (or substantially identical 
securities or assets) such Defaulting Partner would have received had the distribution to such 
Defaulting Partner not been withheld, but the Partnership shall not, in such event, be liable for 
any diminution in the value of such securities or other assets subsequent to the date such 
securities would have been distributed. 
Any losses incurred by the Partnership upon the 
disposition of the securities or other assets that would otherwise have been distributed to the 
Defaulting Partner in kind shall be for the account of the Defaulting Partner. 
(ii) 
Allocations shall continue to be made to a Defaulting Partner 
pursuant to the other provisions of this Agreement as if such Defaulting Partner had made a 
timely contribution over the period from the date of default until such time, if any, as the General 
Partner imposes a Default Charge; provided, however, that (1) in the sole discretion of the 
General Partner, no allocations of Net Gain or items in the nature of gross income or gain shall 
be made to the Defaulting Partner during such period, and (2) if the Defaulting Partner (or any 
transferee(s) then holding the Defaulting Partner's interest) subsequently contributes the amount 
in arrears during such period, together with any accrued interest, then in the sole discretion of the 
General Partner subsequent allocations may be made in such a manner that the net result of such 
subsequent allocations and the allocations made pursuant to this Section 6.3(d)(ii) is the same as 
if the Defaulting Partner (together with such transferee(s), if any) had made all contributions 
with respect to the Defaulting Partner's interest on a timely basis. 
(e) 
Effect of Default on Remaining Interest in Partnership. The application of 
the aforesaid penalty provisions shall not relieve any Defaulting Partner of its obligation to make 
all payments of its capital contributions when due; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may determine that no 
additional capital contribution shall be accepted from the Defaulting Partner, in which case the 
General Partner shall so notify the Defaulting Partner in writing and, as of the date that such 
notice is sent to the Defaulting Partner, the Defaulting Partner's unpaid Subscription shall be 
reduced to zero; 
EFTA00805999
--- PAGE 18 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(ii) 
If the Defaulting Partner's unpaid Subscription has been reduced to 
zero pursuant to the preceding clause (i) (or if its Subscription has been satisfied in full or 
otherwise excused), and both its Contribution and its Capital Account balance have been reduced 
to zero (by application of the Default Charge or otherwise), then the Defaulting Partner's interest 
in the Partnership shall be extinguished, and the Partnership shall have no further obligation to 
the Defaulting Partner; 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding any reduction in the Defaulting Partner's 
Contribution pursuant to Section 6.3(c) or any reduction in its unpaid Subscription pursuant to 
this Section 6.3(e), if the Defaulting Partner continues as a Limited Partner, subsequent 
allocations of Net Gain, Net Loss or items in the nature of gross income, gain or loss made to 
such Defaulting Partner shall be adjusted (in addition to any adjustment resulting from the 
imposition of a Default Charge) to the extent necessary so that the aggregate allocations made to 
the Defaulting Partner, over the life of the Partnership, shall not exceed the allocations that 
would have been made to a non-defaulting Limited Partner with a Subscription equal to the 
lesser of (1) the Defaulting Partner's Subscription reduced by the amount of any Default Charge 
that has been imposed or (2) the amount of the Defaulting Partner's Contribution; provided, 
however, that (A) any allocations of Net Loss (or items of gross loss and expense) that are 
intended to offset allocations of Net Gain (or items of gross income and gain) made prior to the 
default shall be made to the Defaulting Partner as if it at all times had a Subscription equal to its 
Subscription prior to the default, and (B) if, prior to its default, the Defaulting Partner had been 
allocated Net Loss (and items of gross loss and expense) in excess of Net Gain (and items of 
gross income and gain), then the subsequent allocations otherwise required by this Section 6.3(e) 
shall be adjusted so that the Defaulting Partner shall not be relieved of that portion of the losses 
allocated to it for the period prior to the default that exceeds its proportionate share of the losses 
of the Partnership for such period, determined based on its post-default share of allocations 
calculated in the manner required by the other provisions of this Section 6.3faiii); and 
(iv) 
If the unpaid Subscription of a Defaulting Partner is reduced to 
zero, or if a Defaulting Partner's interest in the Partnership is extinguished, pursuant to this 
Section 6.3, for purposes of any provision of this Agreement for which the Defaulting Partner's 
Subscription is relevant, the General Partner shall determine the amount of such Subscription, in 
its sole discretion, so as to carry out the purposes of such provision. 
6.4 
Currency. The functional currency of the Partnership shall be United States 
dollars. All cash capital contributions shall be made in dollars and, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, the books, records, reports and accounts of the Partnership shall be stated in dollars. 
No Partner shall be entitled to receive cash distributions from the Partnership other than in 
dollars. In the event that it is necessary or convenient for Partnership purposes to apply an 
exchange rate between different currencies, the exchange rate shall be determined by the General 
Partner using such publicly available indices as it shall select in its reasonable discretion. 
EFTA00806000
--- PAGE 19 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
ARTICLE VII 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
7.1 
Amount, Timing and Form. 
(a) 
General. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the General 
Partner shall determine the amount, timing and form (whether in cash or in kind) of all 
distributions made by the Partnership. 
(b) 
Distribution of Proceeds of Investments. The Partnership shall distribute, 
in the manner described in this Article VII or Article X, as the case may be, all cash proceeds of 
its investments as promptly as practicable. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the General 
Partner in its discretion may cause the Partnership to retain proceeds of investments for any 
purpose for which the General Partner would otherwise be authorized to draw down 
contributions under this Agreement, including without limitation the payment or reimbursement 
of expenses and the establishment or maintenance of reasonable reserves therefor; provided, 
however, that the General Partner may not cause the Partnership to retain cash proceeds of the 
Partnership's investments for reinvestment. 
(c) 
Form of Distributions; Apportionment of Distributions. Except as 
authorized by the General Partner and approved in advance by a majority-in-interest of the 
Limited Partners, all distributions made before the commencement of the liquidation of the 
Partnership's assets pursuant to Article X shall consist of cash or Freely Tradable Securities. 
Each lot of securities to be distributed in kind shall be distributed to the Partners in proportion to 
their respective shares of the proposed distribution as provided in Article VII or Article X, as the 
case may be, except to the extent that a disproportionate distribution of securities is necessary in 
order to avoid distributing fractional shares. For purposes of the preceding sentence, each lot of 
stock or other securities having a separately identifiable tax basis or holding period shall be 
treated as a separate lot of securities. 
7.2 
Distributions. 
(a) 
General. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all distributions 
shall be made to and among the Partners in respect of each Portfolio Investment as follows: 
(i) 
First, to all Partners in proportion to their respective Contributions 
in respect of such Portfolio Investment until each Partner has received aggregate distributions 
from the Partnership pursuant to this Section 7.2(a)(i) equal to the sum of such Partner's total 
Contributions in respect of such Portfolio Investment 
such Partner's unreturned 
Contributions in respect of any Portfolio Investment that has been the subject of a Disposition, if 
any; and 
(ii) 
Thereafter, 20% to the General Partner and 80% to the Partners in 
proportion to their respective Contributions in respect of such Portfolio Investment. 
EFTA00806001
--- PAGE 20 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(b) 
Operational Rules. 
For purposes of Section 7.2(a) and this Section 7.2(b): 
(i) 
If distributions to which a Defaulting Partner otherwise would 
have been entitled have been withheld pursuant to Section 6.3(d), the amounts so withheld shall 
be treated as having been distributed to such Partner and any subsequent distributions of such 
amounts to the Defaulting Partner shall be disregarded; 
(ii) 
Amounts treated as distributed to a Partner pursuant to Section 7.4 
shall be taken into account as if such amounts had been distributed to such Partner pursuant to 
Section 7.2(a); 
(iii) 
Distributions made to any Partner's predecessors-in-interest shall 
be treated as having been made to such Partner; 
(iv) 
The amount of any distribution of securities in kind shall be equal 
to the fair market value of such securities at the time of distribution; and 
(v) 
If there are Defaulting Partners, distributions shall be modified to 
the extent required by Article VI; and references in this Article VII to "all Partners" and to "each 
Partner" shall be modified accordingly. 
7.3 
Other Special Distributions. 
Distributions of available cash corresponding to 
amounts of Partnership net income and gains that have been specially allocated to the Partners 
pursuant to Section 8.3(b) shall be made, at such time or times as the General Partner in its 
discretion shall determine, to the Partners to whom such net income and gains have been 
allocated. 
7.4 
Payment of Taxes. 
(a) 
General. 
If the Partnership incurs an obligation to pay directly any 
amount in respect of taxes with respect to amounts allocated or distributed to one or more 
Partners, including but not limited to withholding taxes imposed on any Partner's or former 
Partner's share of the Partnership gross or net income and gains (or items thereof), income taxes, 
and any interest, penalties or additions to tax ("Tax Liability"), or if the amount of a payment or 
distribution of cash or other property to the Partnership is reduced as a result of withholding by 
other parties in satisfaction of any such Tax Liability: 
(i) 
All payments by the Partnership in satisfaction of such Tax 
Liability and all reductions in the amount of a payment or distribution that the Partnership 
otherwise would have received shall be treated, pursuant to this Section 7.4, as distributed to 
those Partners or former Partners to which the related Tax Liability is attributable; 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, 
subsequent distributions to the Partners shall be adjusted by the General Partner in an equitable 
EFTA00806002
--- PAGE 21 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
manner so that, to the extent feasible, the burden of taxes withheld at the source or paid by the 
Partnership is borne by those Partners to which such Tax Liability is attributable; and 
(iii) 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may cause any amount 
treated pursuant to Section 7.4(a)(i) as distributed to any Partner or former Partner at any time 
that exceeds the amount, if any, of distributions to which such Person is then entitled under this 
Agreement to be treated as a loan to such Person, and the General Partner shall give prompt 
written notice to such Person of the amount of such loan. 
(b) 
Tax Liability. The General Partner, after consulting with the Partnership's 
accountants or other advisers, shall determine the amount, if any, of any Tax Liability 
attributable to any Partner. For this purpose, the General Partner shall be entitled to treat any 
Partner as ineligible for an exemption from or reduction in rate of such Tax Liability under a tax 
treaty or otherwise except to the extent that such Partner provides the General Partner with such 
written evidence as the General Partner or the relevant tax authorities may require to establish 
such Partner's entitlement to such exemption or reduction and may treat a Tax Liability as 
attributable to Partner to the extent the Tax Liability is due to the Partner failing to provide such 
information or certifications regarding the Partner or its beneficial owners as the General Partner 
may reasonably request. 
(c) 
Repayment of Any Amounts Treated as Loans. Each Partner covenants, 
for itself, its successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives, that such Person shall repay 
any loan described in Section 7.4(a)(iii) not later than thirty (30) days after the General Partner 
delivers a written demand for such repayment (whether before or after the withdrawal of such 
Partner from the Partnership or the dissolution of the Partnership). If any such repayment is not 
made within such thirty (30)-day period: 
(i) 
Such Person shall pay interest to the Partnership at the Prime Rate 
for the entire period commencing on the date on which the Partnership paid such amount and 
ending on the date on which such Person repays such amount to the Partnership together with all 
accrued but previously unpaid interest; and 
(ii) 
The Partnership shall collect such unpaid amounts (including 
interest) from any distributions that otherwise would be made by the Partnership to such Person 
and shall treat the amount so collected as having been distributed to such Person. 
(d) 
Partnership Obligation. For purposes of this Section 7.4, any obligation to 
pay any amount in respect of any Tax Liability incurred by the General Partner with respect to 
income of or distributions made to any other Partner or former Partner shall constitute a 
Partnership obligation. 
7.5 
Certain Distributions Prohibited. Anything in this Article VII to the contrary 
notwithstanding, no distribution shall be made to any Partner if, and to the extent that, such 
distribution would not be permitted under Sections 17-607(a) or 17-804(c) of the Delaware Act. 
EFTA00806003
--- PAGE 22 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
ARTICLE VIII 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
Capital Accounts. 
(a) 
Creation and Maintenance. There shall be established on the books of the 
Partnership a capital account for each Partner (such Partner's "Capital Account") that shall be: 
(i) 
Increased by (1) any capital contributions made to the Partnership 
by such Partner pursuant to this Agreement and (2) any amounts in the nature of income or gain 
allocated to such Partner pursuant to this Article VIII or Appendix II; 
(ii) 
Decreased by (1) any distributions made to such Partner and 
(2) any amounts in the nature of loss or expense allocated to such Partner pursuant to this 
Article VIII or Appendix II; and 
(iii) 
Otherwise adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement including, but not limited to, Section 6.3(c) (relating to the imposition of a Default 
Charge). 
(b) 
Timing of Allocations. Allocations of Net Gain, Net Loss, and any other 
items of income, gain, loss and deduction pursuant to this Article VIII and Appendix II shall be 
made for each fiscal year of the Partnership as of the end of such fiscal year; provided, however, 
that if the Carrying Value of the assets of the Partnership are adjusted in accordance with clause 
(b) of the definition of "Carrying Value," the date of such adjustment shall be considered to be 
the end of a fiscal year for purposes of computing and allocating such Net Gain, Net Loss, and 
other items of income, gain, loss and deduction. 
(c) 
Compliance with Treasury Regulations. 
The provisions of this 
Section 8.1, including the provisions relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts, are 
intended to comply with Section 704(b) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-
1(b), and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such regulations. 
8.2 
Allocations of Net Gain or Loss. 
(a) 
Net Gain. After giving effect to the other provisions of this Article VIII 
and Appendix II, Net Gain, if any, shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts of the Partners as 
follows: 
(i) 
First, to all Partners, in proportion to the respective amounts of Net 
Loss (if any) previously allocated to each such Partner pursuant to Section 8.2(b)(i) and not 
offset by prior allocations of Net Gain made pursuant to this Section 8.2(a)(iI, an amount of Net 
Gain equal to the aggregate amount of such Net Loss; and 
(ii) 
Second, to all Partners in the amounts and proportions necessary to 
ensure, as promptly as possible and to the extent feasible, that the Cumulative Net Gain of the 
EFTA00806004
--- PAGE 23 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Partnership for all periods since its inception shall have been allocated 80% to all Partners pro 
rata in proportion to their respective Contributions and 20% to the General Partner. 
(b) 
Net Loss. After giving effect to the other provisions of this Article VIII 
and Appendix II, Net Loss, if any, shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts of the Partners as 
follows: 
(i) 
First, to all Partners in the amounts and proportions necessary to 
ensure, as promptly as possible and to the extent feasible, that the Cumulative Net Gain of the 
Partnership for all periods since its inception shall have been allocated 80% to all Partners in 
proportion to their respective Contributions and 20% to the General Partner; and 
(ii) 
Second, to all Partners pro rata in proportion to their respective 
Contributions. 
(c) 
Allocations Following a Default. 
Following the failure of a Limited 
Partner to make a contribution when due or an excused non-payment of a capital contribution by 
a Limited Partner, allocations otherwise prescribed by this Section 8.2 shall be modified as set 
forth in Section 6.3(d) or Section 6.3(e)(iii), as the case may be. 
8.3 
Other Specially Allocated Items. After giving effect to the special allocations set 
forth in Appendix II, the following items of the Partnership shall be specially allocated in the 
manner set forth below. 
(a) 
Items of loss or expense otherwise allocable to other Partners pursuant to 
other provisions of this Agreement shall instead be allocated to each Additional Limited Partner 
to offset such Partner's contribution of an interest-equivalent amount to the extent required by 
Section 3.3(al(ii). 
(b) 
The Delayed Payment Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated 
to all Partners other than the Partner liable to pay such interest in proportion to their respective 
Contributions. 
(c) 
The unpaid Transfer Expenses, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated 
to the transferor or the transferee of the Partnership interest involved to the extent required by 
Section I I .2(h). 
8.4 
Admission of Additional Partners. If any Person is admitted to the Partnership (or 
the Subscription of any existing Partner is increased) after the Initial Closing Date but on or 
before the Final Closing Date, the General Partner shall adjust subsequent allocations of 
Partnership income, gain, loss and expense otherwise provided for in this Article VIII and 
Appendix II as necessary so that, after such adjustments have been made each Partner (other than 
a Defaulting Partner) shall have a Capital Account balance equal to the balance such Partner 
would have had if (a) it had been admitted to the Partnership on the Initial Closing Date with a 
Subscription equal to its Subscription immediately following such admission or increase, and 
(b) it had made all capital contributions in respect of such Subscription when originally due; 
EFTA00806005
--- PAGE 24 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
provided, however, that the allocations otherwise required by this Section 8.4 shall be limited to 
those permitted by Section 706 of the Code. 
ARTICLE IX 
DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
9.1 
Term of Partnership. 
The Partnership shall continue until the tenth (101h) 
anniversary of the Initial Closing Date, unless its term is extended as provided in this 
Section 9.1 or unless it is sooner dissolved as provided in Section 9.2 or Section 9.3 or by 
operation of law. The term of the Partnership may be extended for an additional one-year period 
by the General Partner in its sole discretion. The General Partner may further extend the term of 
the Partnership for additional one-year periods with the consent of a majority-in-interest of the 
Limited Partners. The General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners promptly of any 
extension. 
9.2 
Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General Partner. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall be dissolved if there shall occur with respect to the 
General Partner any of the events of withdrawal described in Sections I 7-402(a)(2) through 17-
402(a)(11) of the Delaware Act. 
(b) 
If the General Partner suffers an event that, with the passage of the period 
specified in the Delaware Act, becomes an event of withdrawal under Section 17-402(a)(4) or (5) 
of the Delaware Act, the General Partner shall notify each Limited Partner of the occurrence of 
such event within thirty (30) days after the occurrence of such event (or within the maximum 
time then permitted under the Delaware Act). 
(c) 
The Partnership shall not be dissolved in the event of the dissolution, 
death, bankruptcy, insolvency, incompetence, disability, substitution or admission of any 
Limited Partner, or any other similar event involving the existence, status or organization of a 
Limited Partner. 
9.3 
Dissolution by Partners. The General Partner may dissolve the Partnership at any 
time on not less than thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the Limited Partners. 
ARTICLE X 
LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 
General. Following dissolution, the Partnership's assets shall be liquidated in an 
orderly manner. The General Partner shall be the liquidator to wind up the affairs of the 
Partnership pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that if there shall be no remaining 
General Partner at that time, a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners may designate one or 
more other Persons to act as the liquidator (or liquidators) instead of the General Partner. Any 
such liquidator, other than the General Partner, shall be a "liquidating trustee" within the 
meaning of Section 17-101(10) of the Delaware Act. 
EFTA00806006
--- PAGE 25 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
10.2 
Liquidating Distributions. The liquidator shall pay or provide for the satisfaction 
of the Partnership's liabilities and obligations to creditors. In performing its duties, the liquidator 
is authorized to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of the assets of the Partnership in such 
reasonable manner as the liquidator shall determine. All items of income, gain, loss and expense 
shall be allocated among the Partners in accordance with Article VIII and Appendix II, and the 
remaining assets of the Partnership shall then be distributed to the Partners in cash (to the extent 
feasible) or in kind, in the sole discretion of the liquidator, in proportion to the positive balances 
in their respective Capital Accounts, after such Capital Accounts have been adjusted to reflect 
any Net Gain or Net Loss attributable to a distribution in kind. During the liquidation of the 
Partnership, the liquidator shall furnish to the Partners the financial statements and other 
information specified in Section 14.3, subject to Section 14.8(h). 
10.3 
Expenses of Liquidator. The expenses incurred by the liquidator in connection 
with winding up the Partnership, all other losses or liabilities of the Partnership incurred in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and reasonable compensation for the services of 
the liquidator shall be borne by the Partnership. If the General Partner serves as the liquidator, it 
shall not be entitled to additional compensation for providing services in such capacity as long as 
it (or its Affiliate, including the Management Company) continues to be entitled to payments of 
the Management Fee. 
10.4 
Duration of Liquidation. A reasonable time shall be allowed for the winding up 
of the affairs of the Partnership in order to minimize any losses that might otherwise result. The 
liquidator shall use commercially reasonable efforts to carry out the liquidation in conformity 
with the timing requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g), but will not be 
bound to do so or liable to any Partner for failure to do so. 
10.5 
Liability for Returns. 
(a) 
General. The liquidator, the General Partner and their respective partners, 
members, stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, agents and Affiliates shall not 
be personally liable for the return of the capital contributions of any Partner. 
(b) 
Limited Partner Obligations. No Limited Partner shall be obligated to 
restore to the Partnership any amount with respect to a negative Capital Account; provided, 
however, that this provision shall not affect the obligations of Partners to make their agreed-upon 
capital contributions and any other payments to the Partnership that are required under this 
Agreement or applicable law. 
10.6 
Post-Dissolution Investments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth 
in this Article X, but subject to the other limitations on investments set forth in this Agreement, 
the liquidator may, at any time after dissolution, cause the Partnership to make additional 
investments in entities which were Portfolio Companies on the date of dissolution (including any 
successor to, or Affiliate of, a Portfolio Company), if the liquidator believes that such additional 
investments are in the best interest of the Partners. 
EFTA00806007
--- PAGE 26 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
ARTICLE XI 
LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS OF PARTNERSHIP 
INTERESTS 
11.1 
Transfer of General Partner's Interest. The General Partner shall not assign, 
pledge, mortgage, hypothecate, give, sell or otherwise dispose of or encumber (each such act, a 
"Transfer") all or any part of its general partnership interest in the Partnership, except (a) in 
connection with the change or technical reconstitution of the form of legal entity of the General 
Partner or (b) with the consent of a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners. Any attempted 
Transfer of the General Partner's interest except in compliance with the preceding sentence shall 
be void. If a General Partner transfers its interest pursuant to this Section 11.1, the transferee 
shall be admitted to the Partnership only upon the written consent of the transferring General 
Partner. In connection with any borrowing or guarantee by the Partnership, the General Partner 
may collaterally assign the right of the Partnership to make and receive drawdowns of capital 
contributions, otherwise permitted by this Agreement, to a lender to secure a guarantee or loan to 
the Partnership or to an Affiliate, and no such collateral assignment shall be treated as a Transfer 
for purposes of this Agreement or otherwise require the consent of the Limited Partners. 
11.2 
Transfers of Limited Partnership Interests. 
(a) 
General. No Transfer of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, in 
whole or in part, shall be made other than pursuant to this Section 11.2. Any attempted Transfer 
of all or any part of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership without compliance with this 
Agreement shall be void. 
Each Transfer shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions, 
restrictions and obligations set forth in this Agreement, be evidenced by a written agreement 
executed by the transferor, the transferee(s) and the General Partner, in form and substance 
satisfactory to the General Partner, and be effective as of the first day or last day of a fiscal 
quarter (unless otherwise agreed to by the General Partner). 
(b) 
Consent of General Partner. The prior written consent of the General 
Partner, which may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, shall be required for any 
Transfer of all or part of any Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, including a Transfer of 
solely an economic interest in the Partnership. In determining whether to grant its consent to a 
Transfer, the General Partner shall take into account whether such Transfer would result in the 
"termination" of the Partnership pursuant to Section 708 of the Code and, if so, whether such 
termination would result in material adverse income tax consequences or material additional 
expense to the Partnership or any Partner. 
(c) 
No Public Trading in Partnership Interests. The General Partner shall not 
cause or permit any offering of interests in the Partnership to be registered under the Securities 
Act or to become "traded on an established securities market" or the substantial equivalent 
thereof, and shall withhold its consent to any Transfer that, to the General Partner's knowledge 
after reasonable inquiry, otherwise would be accomplished by a trade on a "secondary market or 
the substantial equivalent thereof," in each case within the meaning of Sections 7704 or 469(k) 
of the Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
EFTA00806008
--- PAGE 27 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(d) 
No Recognition of Certain Transfers. No Transfer of any "partnership 
interest" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(a)(2)) in the Partnership or portion 
thereof or derivative interest therein shall be permitted or "recognized" (within the meaning of 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(d)) by the Partnership or the General Partner unless either 
(i) the General Partner determines that either such Transfer or the Partnership (immediately after 
such Transfer) will qualify for a safe harbor set forth in the Treasury Regulations under 
Section 7704 or (ii) the General Partner otherwise determines, after consulting with the 
Partnership's tax advisors, that such Transfer will not cause the Partnership to be treated as a 
publicly traded partnership under Section 7704(b) of the Code. 
(e) 
Required Representations by Parties. 
(i) 
The transferor and each transferee shall provide to the General 
Partner, in connection with any proposed Transfer, written representations to the effect that: 
(1) 
The proposed Transfer will not be effected on or through 
(A) a United States national, regional or local securities exchange, (B) a foreign securities 
exchange or (C) an interdealer quotation system that regularly disseminates firm buy or sell 
quotations by identified brokers or dealers; and 
(2) 
Such Person is not, and its proposed Transfer or acquisition 
(as the case may be) will not be made by, through or on behalf of (A) a Person, such as a broker 
or a dealer, making a market in interests in the Partnership, or (B) a Person who makes available 
to the public bid or offer quotes with respect to interests in the Partnership. 
(ii) 
The transferor and transferee(s) shall provide such additional 
written representations as the General Partner reasonably may request, including representations 
as to the status of the transferee as an "accredited investor" within the meaning of Regulation D 
under the Securities Act, and including representations required by Section 14.7(d). 
(iii) 
The General Partner and counsel to the Partnership shall be 
permitted to rely upon any representations made by the transferor and transferee(s), whether 
pursuant to Section 11.2(e)(i) or Section 11.2(e)(ii) or otherwise, and on written representations 
from other Partners made prior to or contemporaneously with such proposed Transfer. The 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, may waive its right to obtain any representations otherwise 
required by Section 11.2(e)(i) or Section 11.2(e)(ii). 
(f) 
Other Prohibited Legal Consequences. 
No Transfer shall be permitted, and the General Partner shall withhold its consent with respect 
thereto, if it determines in good faith that such Transfer would: 
(i) 
Result in a violation of the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act or disqualify the Partnership or an Affiliate of the Partnership from relying on 
Regulation D under the Securities Act to issue securities; 
EFTA00806009
--- PAGE 28 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(ii) 
Require the Partnership to register as an investment company 
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
(iii) 
Require the General Partner, the Management Company or any of 
their respective Affiliates to register as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act 
of 1940, as amended, if it or they are not already registered, or with any state securities authority; 
(iv) 
Result in the Partnership being classified for United States federal 
income tax purposes as an association taxable as a corporation; or 
(v) 
Result in the Partnership being considered to be a "publicly traded 
partnership" under Section 7704 of the Code. 
(g) 
Opinion of Counsel. Any Transfer otherwise permitted hereunder will be 
made only upon receipt by the Partnership of a written opinion of counsel for the Partnership, or 
of other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the General Partner, in form and substance 
satisfactory to the General Partner, as to compliance with Section 11.2(fl and such other legal 
matters as the General Partner reasonably may request. The General Partner may waive, in 
whole or in part, the requirement of an opinion pursuant to this Section 11.2(g). 
(h) 
Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. The transferor of any interest in the 
Partnership hereby agrees to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the General Partner, for 
any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership in connection with such Transfer, including 
the costs of seeking and obtaining the representations required by Section 11.2(e) or the legal 
opinion required by Section 11.2(g) or Section 11.3(a) and any other legal, accounting and 
miscellaneous expenses ("Transfer Expenses"), whether or not such Transfer is consummated. 
At its election, and in any event if the transferor has not reimbursed the Partnership for any 
Transfer Expenses incurred by the Partnership in preparing for or consummating a proposed or 
completed Transfer within ten (10) days after the General Partner has delivered to such Partner 
written demand for payment, the General Partner may seek reimbursement from the transferee of 
such interest. If the transferee does not reimburse the Partnership for such Transfer Expenses 
within a reasonable time, the General Partner may charge the transferee's Capital Account with 
such Transfer Expenses. 
11.3 
Admission of Substituted Limited Partners. 
(a) 
General. Any transferee of a Partnership interest transferred in accordance 
with the provisions of this Article XI shall be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner only with 
the General Partner's written consent, which consent may be withheld for any reason or for no 
reason. Without the written consent of the General Partner to such substitution and the written 
opinion of counsel required by Section 11.2(g) (or waiver thereof by the General Partner), no 
transferee of a Partnership interest shall be admitted as a Limited Partner. 
(b) 
Effect of Admission. The transferee of an interest in the Partnership 
transferred pursuant to this Article XI that is admitted to the Partnership as a substituted Limited 
Partner shall succeed to the rights and liabilities of the transferor Limited Partner with respect to 
EFTA00806010
--- PAGE 29 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
such interest and, after the effective date of such admission, the Subscription, Contribution and 
Capital Account of the transferor shall become the Subscription, Contribution and Capital 
Account of the transferee, to the extent of the interest transferred. If a transferee is not admitted 
to the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner, (i) such transferee shall have no right to 
participate with the Limited Partners in any votes taken or consents granted or withheld by the 
Limited Partners hereunder, and (ii) the transferor (including, if applicable, the estate, legal 
representative, or other successor of the original owner) shall remain liable to the Partnership for 
all contributions and other amounts payable with respect to the transferred interest to the same 
extent as if no Transfer had occurred. 
11.4 
Non-Compliant Transfer. If a Transfer has been proposed or attempted but has 
not satisfied the requirements of this Article XI (including, as determined in good faith by the 
General Partner, any transaction which does not otherwise constitute a Transfer but a purpose of 
which is to achieve indirectly a result similar to that which would be achieved directly if such 
transaction were structured as a Transfer), the General Partner shall not admit the purported 
transferee as a substituted Limited Partner but, to the contrary, shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to ensure that the Partnership (a) continues to treat the transferor as the sole owner of the 
interest in the Partnership purportedly transferred, (b) makes no distributions to the purported 
transferee and (c) does not furnish to the purported transferee any tax or financial information 
regarding the Partnership. The General Partner shall also use its reasonable best efforts to ensure 
that the Partnership does not otherwise treat the purported transferee as an owner of any interest 
in the Partnership (either legal or equitable), unless required by law to do so. The Partnership 
shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, at the expense of the purported transferor, to prevent 
any such purported Transfer. 
11.5 
Multiple Ownership. If the Transfer results in multiple ownership of any Limited 
Partner's interest in the Partnership, the General Partner may require one or more trustees or 
nominees to be designated as representing a portion of or the entire interest transferred for 
purposes of (a) receiving all notices which may be given, and all payments which may be made, 
under this Agreement and (b) exercising all rights which the transferor as a Limited Partner has 
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
11.6 
No Withdrawal Rights. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no 
Partner shall have the right to withdraw from the Partnership, to withdraw its capital and profits 
from the Partnership, or to demand and receive any Partnership property in exchange for its 
interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE XII 
EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 
Exculpation. 
(a) 
General. 
No Covered Person, whether or not such Person remains a 
Covered Person, shall be liable to the Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the 
Partnership or any Partner which arises out of any investment or any other action or omission of 
EFTA00806011
--- PAGE 30 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
such Covered Person or any other Person if (i) such Covered Person acted in good faith, (ii) such 
conduct did not constitute gross negligence (unless arising out of or relating to such Person's 
service as a director or officer (or equivalent role) of any current or former Portfolio Company) 
or willful misconduct, and (iii) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, such Covered 
Person had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that, at law or in 
equity, a Partner has duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the 
Partnership, any Partner or any other Person that is bound by this Agreement, such Partner acting 
under this Agreement shall not be liable to the Partnership, any Partner or any other Person 
bound by this Agreement for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement, and the 
provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties (including 
fiduciary duties) and liabilities (by specifying a duty of care or otherwise) of a Partner otherwise 
existing at law or in equity, are agreed by each Partner to replace such duties and liabilities. For 
purposes of this Article XII, "Covered Person" shall mean the General Partner (including 
without limitation the General Partner acting as Partnership Representative or as liquidator), the 
Management Company, each officer, director, manager, member or partner of the General 
Partner or of the Management Company and each partner, member, stockholder, officer, director, 
manager, employee, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing. 
(b) 
Further Limitations. The liability of a Covered Person under this 
Agreement, including without limitation Section 12.1(a), shall be limited, in the aggregate, to 
such Covered Person's direct interest in the Partnership (or indirect interest through such 
Person's interest in the General Partner) plus any unlawful economic benefit such Covered 
Person may have derived as a result of failing to comply with the standard of care set forth in 
Section 12.1(a). 
(c) 
Activities of Others. No Covered Person shall be liable for the negligence, 
whether by action or omission, dishonesty or bad faith of any employee, broker or other agent of 
the Partnership selected by any Covered Person with reasonable care. 
(d) 
Advisory Committee Members. No member of the Advisory Committee 
and no Limited Partner who may have designated such member shall be liable to the Partnership 
or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of any 
action or omission of such member, provided that such member acted in good faith and, with 
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that such 
Person's conduct was unlawful. 
(e) 
Liquidator. No Person other than the General Partner that serves as 
liquidator pursuant to Article X shall be liable to the Partnership or any Partner for any loss 
suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of any action or omission of such 
Person, provided that such Person acted in good faith and, with respect to any criminal action or 
proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that such Person's conduct was unlawful. 
(f) 
Advice of Experts. No Covered Person, no member of the Advisory 
Committee and no Person serving as liquidator shall be liable to the Partnership or any Partner 
with respect to any action or omission taken or suffered by any of them in good faith if such 
EFTA00806012
--- PAGE 31 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
action or omission is taken or suffered in reliance upon and in accordance with the opinion or 
advice of legal counsel (as to matters of law), or of accountants (as to matters of accounting), or 
of investment bankers, accounting firms, or other appraisers (as to matters of valuation), 
provided that any such professional or firm is selected by any such Person with reasonable care. 
12.2 
Indemnification.
(a) 
General. 
The Covered Persons, each liquidator, each member of the 
Advisory Committee, each Limited Partner that designated a member of the Advisory 
Committee, and each partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, 
employee, agent and Affiliate of any of the foregoing (each, an "Indemnitee") shall be 
indemnified (whether or not the Indemnitee continues to serve in such capacity at the time such 
action, suit or proceeding is brought or threatened), subject to the other provisions of this 
Agreement, by the Partnership (only out of Partnership assets, including the proceeds of liability 
insurance) against any claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense 
(including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability incurred by or imposed upon the 
Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (including any proceeding before 
any administrative or legislative body or agency), to which the Indemnitee may be made a party 
or otherwise involved or with which the Indemnitee shall be threatened, by reason of the 
Indemnitee's being at the time the cause of action arose or thereafter, a Covered Person, a 
liquidator, a member of the Advisory Committee, a Limited Partner that designated a member of 
the Advisory Committee, a partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, 
employee, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or a partner, member, stockholder, director, 
officer, manager, trustee, employee, consultant or agent of any other organization in which the 
Partnership owns or has owned an interest or of which the Partnership is or was a creditor, which 
other organization the Indemnitee serves or has served as a partner, member, stockholder, 
director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, consultant or agent at the request of the 
Partnership, or by reason of actions or omissions taken or suffered in any such capacity. 
(b) 
Limitation on Indemnification. An Indemnitee shall not be indemnified 
with respect to matters as to which the Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudicated in any 
such action, suit or proceeding (i) not to have acted in good faith or to have acted with gross 
negligence (unless arising out of or relating to such Person's service as a director or officer (or 
equivalent role) of any current or former Portfolio Company) or willful misconduct, or (ii) with 
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had reasonable cause to believe that such 
Person's conduct was unlawful. 
(c) 
Advance Payment of Expenses. The Partnership shall pay the expenses 
incurred by an Indemnitee in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding, or in 
connection with claims arising in connection with any potential or threatened action, suit or 
proceeding, in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of 
an enforceable undertaking by such Indemnitee to repay such payment if the Indemnitee shall be 
determined to be not entitled to indemnification for such expenses pursuant to this Article XII; 
provided, however, that in such instance the Indemnitee is not defending an actual or threatened 
claim, action, suit or proceeding against the Indemnitee by the General Partner directly or 
EFTA00806013
--- PAGE 32 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
indirectly through the Partnership (or by the Indemnitee against the Partnership and/or the 
General Partner). 
(d) 
Insurance. At its election, the General Partner may cause the Partnership 
to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of the Partnership and to the extent available, 
for the protection of any Indemnitee or potential Indemnitee against any liability incurred in any 
capacity which results in such Person being an Indemnitee (provided that such Person is serving 
or has served in such capacity at the request of the Partnership or the General Partner), whether 
or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify such Person against such liability. The 
General Partner may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of and at the expense of the 
Partnership for the protection of any officer, director, manager, employee or other agent of any 
other organization in which the Partnership owns an interest or of which the Partnership is a 
creditor against similar liabilities, whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify any 
Person against such liabilities. 
(e) 
Successors. 
The foregoing right of indemnification shall inure to the 
benefit of the executors, administrators, personal representatives, successors or assigns of each 
such Indemnitee. 
(f) 
Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources. 
(i) 
Indemnification from Other Sources. The rights to indemnification 
and advancement of expenses conferred in this Section 12.2 shall not be exclusive and shall be in 
addition to any rights to which any Indemnitee may otherwise be entitled or hereafter acquire 
under any law, statute, rule, regulation, charter document, bylaw, contract or agreement. 
(ii) 
Priority of Indemnification from Other Sources. 
The Partners 
hereby expressly intend that the provisions of this Section 12.2 shall be interpreted to reflect an 
ordering of liability for potentially overlapping or duplicative indemnification payments to an 
Indemnitee, with any applicable Third Party Indemnifiers having primary liability and the 
Partnership having only secondary liability. 
In the event the Partnership makes any 
indemnification payments to an Indemnitee with respect to any action, suit, or proceeding, the 
Partnership shall be, automatically and without the need for any further action on the part of any 
Person, subrogated to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for indemnification from a Third 
Party Indemnifier with respect to such action, suit, or proceeding. 
(g) 
Discretionary 
Limitation 
by 
General 
Partner. 
Notwithstanding 
Section 12.2(a) and Section 12.2(c), the General Partner in its sole discretion may limit or 
eliminate indemnification payments that otherwise would be made by the Partnership to any 
Indemnitee other than a member of the Advisory Committee or a Limited Partner that designated 
such member. 
12.3 
Limitation by Law. If any Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership itself 
is subject to any law, rule or regulation which restricts the extent to which any Person may be 
exculpated or indemnified by the Partnership, the exculpation provisions set forth in Section 12.1 
and the indemnification provisions set forth in Section 12.2, as applied to such Covered Person, 
EFTA00806014
--- PAGE 33 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Indemnitee or the Partnership, shall be deemed to be amended, automatically and without further 
action by the Partners, to the minimum extent necessary to conform to such restrictions. 
12.4 
Return of Certain Distributions. 
If (a) the Partnership incurs a liability or 
obligation, and (b) the Partnership does not have sufficient available funds to satisfy such 
liability or obligation, then the General Partner may require that each Partner make additional 
contributions to the capital of the Partnership, upon not less than ten (10) days' prior written 
notice from the General Partner, of its pro rata share, based on the relative Contributions of the 
Partners, of the amount necessary to satisfy such liability or obligation; provided that (i) no 
Partner shall be required to contribute an aggregate amount pursuant to this Section 12.4 greater 
than the aggregate amount of distributions made to such Partner (and such Partner's 
predecessors-in-interest) pursuant to Articles VII and X and (ii) no Partner shall be required to 
contribute any amounts pursuant to this Section 12.4 after the third anniversary of the date of the 
liquidation of the Partnership as determined under Article IX, except to fund such liability or 
obligation (1) that the General Partner or the Partnership is in the process of litigating, arbitrating 
or otherwise settling as of such third anniversary date and (2) with respect to which the General 
Partner has delivered to the Partners within thirty (30) days after such third anniversary date 
written notice of such litigation, arbitration or settlement process. A Partner's obligation to make 
contributions to the Partnership under this Section 12.4 shall survive the liquidation of the 
Partnership, and the Partnership may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have 
against each Partner under this Section 12.4, including instituting a lawsuit to collect such 
contribution with interest from the due date at the Prime Rate plus six percent (6%) per annum. 
The provisions of this Section 12.4 shall not be construed or interpreted as inuring to the benefit 
of any creditor of any of the Partnership, a Limited Partner, the General Partner or any 
Indemnitee. 
ARTICLE XIII 
AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 
Amendments.
(a) 
Consent of Partners. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the 
terms and provisions of this Agreement may be waived on behalf of all Partners, modified, 
terminated or amended, during or after the term of the Partnership, with the prior written consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners; provided, however, that 
any provision of this Agreement requiring the written vote or consent of a greater percentage in 
interest of the Limited Partners may be waived on behalf of all Partners, modified, terminated or 
amended only with the vote or written consent of the General Partner and such greater 
percentage in interest of the Limited Partners as is required by such provision. 
(b) 
Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights. No amendment shall 
increase the Subscription of any Limited Partner or dilute the interest of any Limited Partner 
relative to the interests of the other Limited Partners in the profits or capital of the Partnership or 
in allocations or distributions attributable to the ownership of such interest without the prior 
written consent of such Limited Partner, except such dilution as may result from additional 
EFTA00806015
--- PAGE 34 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Subscriptions from the Partners or the admission of additional Limited Partners pursuant to this 
Agreement, and pursuant to an exercise of remedies by the Partnership under Section 3.2(d) and 
Section 6.3. This Section 13.1(b) shall not be amended without the unanimous consent of all 
Partners. 
(c) 
Notice of Amendments. The General Partner shall furnish copies of any 
amendments to this Agreement to all Partners, other than changes in the List of Partners to 
reflect the admission, withdrawal or substitution of Partners, changes in the addresses of Partners 
or otherwise in accordance with Section 3.1, and changes in the Subscriptions of Partners (in 
each case occurring pursuant to this Agreement), which shall not require the consent of or notice 
to any Limited Partner. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Article XIII, the General 
Partner, without the consent of any other Partner, may amend any provision of this Agreement to 
cure any ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent 
with any other provision herein or to correct any printing, stenographic or clerical errors or 
omissions in order that this Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Partners. 
13.2 
Voting and Consents. 
Whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest 
of the Limited Partners, such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the written vote or 
written consent of those Limited Partners whose Contributions represent the specified percentage 
of the aggregate Contributions of all Limited Partners at the time. Similarly, whenever action is 
required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest of a specified class 
or group of Limited Partners such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the written 
vote or written consent of those Limited Partners of such class or group whose Contributions 
represent the specified percentage of the aggregate Contributions of all Limited Partners of such 
class or group at the time. For these purposes, a majority-in-interest shall mean a percentage in 
interest in excess of 50%, and Non-Voting Interests, if any, shall not be taken into account. Any 
limited partnership interest held by the General Partner or any Defaulting Partner shall be 
deemed a Non-Voting Interest. 
ARTICLE XIV 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
14.1 
Keeping of Accounts and Records; Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
(a) 
Accounts and Records. At all times the General Partner shall cause to be 
kept proper and complete books of account, in which shall be entered fully and accurately the 
transactions of the Partnership. 
Such books of account shall be kept in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles and procedures or in the format used for the federal 
income tax return of the Partnership, whichever, in the opinion of the General Partner, best 
serves the purpose of the Partnership, and shall be compiled by the Partnership's accountants. 
The General Partner shall also maintain: (i) an executed copy of this Agreement (and any 
amendments hereto) as may be in effect from time to time; (ii) the Certificate of Limited 
Partnership of the Partnership (and any amendments thereto) as may be in effect from time to 
EFTA00806016
--- PAGE 35 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
time; (iii) executed copies of any powers of attorney pursuant to which any document described 
in clause (i) or (ii) has been executed by the Partnership; (iv) the List of Partners; (v) copies of 
all tax returns filed by the Partnership for each of the prior three years; and (vi) all financial 
statements of the Partnership for each of the prior three years. Such books and records shall at 
all times be maintained at the principal office of the Partnership. 
(b) 
Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
The General Partner shall file for 
record with the appropriate public authorities and, if required, publish the Certificate of Limited 
Partnership of the Partnership and any amendments thereto. 
14.2 
Inspection Rights. At any time before the Partnership's complete liquidation, 
each Limited Partner at its own expense may fully examine and audit the Partnership's books, 
records, accounts and assets, including bank account balances, provided that the General Partner 
can obtain such additional information without unreasonable effort or expense. Any such 
examination or audit shall be made (a) only upon ten (10) Business Days' prior written notice to 
the General Partner, (b) during normal business hours, and (c) without undue disruption. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner shall have the benefit of the confidential 
information provisions of Section 14.8(h) and Section 17-305(b) of the Delaware Act. 
14.3 
Financial Reports. 
(a) 
Annual Financial Statements. The General Partner shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to transmit to each Partner, within 120 days after the close of each fiscal year, 
an unaudited financial report of the Partnership for the previous year, including a balance sheet, 
and related statements of income, retained earnings (Partners' equity) and changes in financial 
condition. 
All such statements shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles and procedures or in the format used for the federal income tax return of 
the Partnership, whichever, in the opinion of the General Partner, best serves the purpose of the 
Partnership, and shall be compiled by the Partnership's accountants. 
(b) 
Annual Tax Information. The General Partner shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to transmit to each Partner, as soon as reasonably practicable after the close of 
each fiscal year, such Partner's Schedule K-1 (Internal Revenue Service Form 1065) or an 
equivalent report indicating such Partner's share of all items of income or gain, expense, loss or 
other deduction and tax credit of the Partnership for such year, as well as the status of such 
Partner's Capital Account as of the end of such year, and such additional information as such 
Partner reasonably may request to enable it to complete its tax returns or to fulfill any other 
reporting requirements, provided that the General Partner can obtain such additional information 
without unreasonable effort or expense. 
(c) 
Quarterly Financial Statements. 
The General Partner shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to each Limited Partner, within sixty (60) days after 
the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Partnership, summary 
unaudited financial information of the Partnership for the quarter then ended. 
EFTA00806017
--- PAGE 36 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(d) 
Payment of Expenses. The General Partner shall cause the Partnership to 
pay for all charges for services and related fees of the accountants for the Partnership. 
(e) 
Accounting Decisions. All decisions as to accounting matters, except as 
specifically provided to the contrary herein, shall be made by the General Partner in accordance 
with the accounting methods adopted by the Partnership for federal income tax purposes or in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and practices applied in a consistent 
manner. Such decisions must be acceptable to the Partnership's accountants, and the General 
Partner may rely upon the advice of the Partnership's accountants as to whether such decisions 
are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
14.4 
Annual Meeting. At the General Partner's discretion, the Partnership may hold an 
annual meeting, at which the Limited Partners may review and discuss the Partnership's 
investment activity and portfolio. At the General Partner's discretion, individual meetings may 
be held in lieu of, or in addition to, an annual meeting. 
14.5 
Notices. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all notices, 
requests, consents, approvals and statements shall be in writing and, if properly addressed to the 
recipient, shall be deemed given if (a) delivered personally to the recipient; (b) mailed by first 
class mail (or if sent to or from outside the United States, by airmail), postage prepaid; (c) sent 
by electronic mail; or (d) delivered by a reputable overnight courier service. Notices shall be 
deemed to be properly addressed, if to the Partnership, at its principal office, and if to any 
Partner, if addressed to its address or electronic mail address, as applicable, as set forth in the 
List of Partners, or to such other address as the addressee previously may have specified by 
written notice given in the manner specified in this Section 14.5 to the Partnership, in the case of 
the Limited Partners, or to the Limited Partners, in the case of the Partnership or the General 
Partner. Notices shall be deemed received one (1) Business Day after they are given, sent or 
delivered, except that notices sent by first class mail shall be deemed received three (3) Business 
Days after they are mailed. 
14.6 
Accounting Provisions. 
(a) 
Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be the calendar year 
or, if the Partnership is required to use a different year as its taxable year for federal income tax 
purposes, such other year. 
(b) 
Accountants. The Partnership's accountants shall be a public accounting 
firm selected by the General Partner. The General Partner may change the Partnership's 
accountants from time to time. 
14.7 
Tax Provisions. 
(a) 
Classification as Partnership. The General Partner (i) will not cause or 
permit the Partnership to elect (1) to be excluded from the provisions of Subchapter K of 
Chapter 1 of the Code or (2) to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or 
(3) to be treated as an "electing large partnership" as defined in Section 775 of the Code; (ii) will 
EFTA00806018
--- PAGE 37 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
cause the Partnership to make any election reasonably determined to be necessary or appropriate 
in order to ensure the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership for federal income tax 
purposes; (iii) will cause the Partnership to file any required tax returns in a manner consistent 
with its treatment as a partnership for federal income tax purposes; and (iv) shall not take any 
action that would be inconsistent with the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership for such 
purposes. 
(b) 
Partnership Representative; Partner Tax Information. The General Partner 
shall be designated as the "partnership representative" (the "Partnership Representative") as 
provided in Code Section 6223(a) (as amended by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 ("BBA")). 
All expenses incurred by the Partnership Representative (including professional fees for such 
accountants, attorneys and agents as the Partnership Representative, in its sole discretion, 
determines are necessary to or useful in the performance of its duties in that capacity) shall be 
borne by the Partnership. Each Partner shall provide to the Partnership upon request such 
information, forms or representations which the General Partner may reasonably request with 
respect to the Partnership's compliance with applicable tax laws, including, any information, 
forms or representations requested by the General Partner to assist in obtaining any exemption, 
reduction or refund of any withholding or other taxes imposed by any taxing authority or other 
governmental agency upon the Partnership or amounts paid to the Partnership. Each Partner 
agrees to promptly provide the General Partner such information regarding the Partner and its 
beneficial owners and forms as the General Partner requests so that the Partnership may comply 
with its obligations under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any Treasury Regulations 
or other guidance promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement or the Partner's Subscription Agreement, the Partner hereby waives the application of 
any non-U.S. law, to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner 
from reporting to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and/or the U.S. Treasury any information 
required to be reported with respect to such Partner and its beneficial owners under Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code and any Treasury Regulations or other guidance promulgated 
thereunder. 
(c) 
Section 1045 Rollovers. Each Limited Partner agrees that (i) with respect 
to its limited partnership interest, it will not require the Partnership to elect, and the Partnership 
shall not be required to elect, the application of Section 1045 of the Code (dealing with rollovers 
of gains realized on the disposition of "qualified small business stock" as defined in 
Section 1202 of the Code) or any similar provisions of any state income tax law; (ii) without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, such Partner will not make any election referred to 
in the preceding clause (i) if such election would impose on the Partnership or the General 
Partner any obligation (including, but not limited to, any obligation to furnish information, 
maintain records or file returns or other documents); and (iii) the Partnership shall not be 
required to comply with any tax reporting or accounting requirements (including, but not limited 
to, those relating to the adjustment of the tax basis of any asset of the Partnership or the interest 
in the Partnership of any Partner) that may be imposed under Section 1045 of the Code, and shall 
not be required to provide any information necessary to enable such Partner to comply with or 
elect the application of Section 1045 of the Code, in each case with respect to rollovers of 
qualified small business stock by the Partnership or by or on behalf of any Partner. 
EFTA00806019
--- PAGE 38 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(d) 
Electing Investment Partnership. Each Limited Partner hereby agrees and 
covenants that it shall not make an election under Section 732(d) of the Code without the prior 
written consent of the General Partner. The General Partner may, but shall not be obligated to, 
cause the Partnership to make an election under Section 754 of the Code or an election to be 
treated as an "electing investment partnership" within the meaning of Section 743(e) of the 
Code. If the Partnership elects to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited 
Partner shall (i) cooperate with the Partnership to maintain such status, (ii) not take any action 
that would be inconsistent with such election, (iii) provide the General Partner with any 
information necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with its tax reporting and other 
obligations as an electing investment partnership, and (iv) provide the General Partner and such 
Limited Partner's transferee, promptly following the transfer of such Limited Partner's interest, 
with the information required under the Code, Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-32 (or any 
successor guidance) or otherwise to be furnished to the Partnership or such transferee, including 
such information as is necessary to enable the Partnership and such transferee to compute the 
amount of losses disallowed under Section 743(e) of the Code. Whether or not the Partnership 
makes an election to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited Partner or 
former Limited Partner shall, promptly upon request, provide the General Partner with any 
information related to such Partner necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with (i) its 
obligations to make tax basis adjustments under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and (ii) any 
other tax reporting obligations of the Partnership. In addition, to the extent that the transfer to a 
Limited Partner (or the transfer of interests in a Limited Partner) results in the Partnership 
adjusting the basis of Partnership property, each Limited Partner that receives an interest in the 
Partnership by reason of such transfer (or, in the case of the transfer of interests in a Limited 
Partner, such Limited Partner) hereby agrees that upon the request of the General Partner, such 
Limited Partner shall reimburse the Partnership and/or the General Partner within ten (10) 
Business Days for any expenses (including, without limitation, accounting fees) reasonably 
incurred by the Partnership and/or the General Partner (and their respective affiliates) from time 
to time in connection with effecting such adjustments to the basis of Partnership property and 
any corresponding adjustments to the calculation of Partnership gains and losses as it relates to 
such transfer. 
(e) 
Tax Examinations and Audits. The Partnership Representative is 
authorized to represent the Partnership in connection with all examinations of the affairs of the 
Partnership by any taxing authority or other governmental agency, including any resulting 
administrative and judicial proceedings, and to expend funds of the Partnership for professional 
services and costs associated therewith. Each Partner agrees to cooperate with the Partnership 
Representative and to do or refrain from doing any or all things reasonably requested by the 
Partnership Representative with respect to the conduct of examinations by any taxing authority 
or other governmental agency and any resulting proceedings. Each Partner agrees that any action 
taken by the Partnership Representative in connection with audits of the Partnership shall be 
binding upon such Partners and that such Partner shall not independently act with respect to tax 
audits or tax litigation affecting the Partnership. The Partnership Representative shall have sole 
discretion to determine whether the Partnership (either on its own behalf or on behalf of the 
Partners) will contest or continue to contest any tax deficiencies assessed or proposed to be 
assessed by any taxing authority or other governmental agency. 
EFTA00806020
--- PAGE 39 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(0 
BBA Elections and Procedures. In the event of an audit of the Partnership 
that is subject to the partnership audit procedures enacted under Section 1101 of the BBA (the 
"BBA Procedures"), the Partnership Representative, in its sole discretion, shall have the right to 
make any and all elections and to take any actions that are available to be made or taken by the 
Partnership Representative or the Partnership under the BBA Procedures (including any election 
under Code Section 6226 as amended by the BBA). If an election under Code Section 6226(a) 
(as amended by the BBA) is made, the Partnership shall furnish to each Partner for the year 
under audit a statement of the Partner's share of any adjustment set forth in the notice of final 
partnership adjustment, and each Partner shall take such adjustment into account as required 
under Code Section 6226(b) (as amended by the BBA). 
(g) 
Tax Returns and Tax Deficiencies. Each Partner agrees that such Partner 
shall not treat any Partnership item inconsistently on such Partner's federal, state, foreign or 
other income tax return with the treatment of the item on the Partnership's return. Any deficiency 
for taxes imposed on any Partner (including penalties, additions to tax or interest imposed with 
respect to such taxes and any tax deficiency imposed pursuant to Code Section 6226 as amended 
by the BBA) will be paid by such Partner and if required to be paid (and actually paid) by the 
Partnership, will be recoverable from such Partner. To the extent that the Partnership 
Representative does not make an election under Code Section 6221(b) or Code Section 6226 
(each as amended by the BBA), the Partnership shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) 
make any modifications available under Code Section 6225(c)(3), (4), and (5), as amended by 
the BBA, and (ii) if requested by a Partner, provide to such Partner information allowing such 
Partner to file an amended federal income tax return, as described in Code Section 6225(c)(2) as 
amended by the BBA, to the extent such amended return and payment of any related federal 
income taxes would reduce any taxes payable by the Partnership. 
(h) 
Change in Law. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the 
contrary, in the event that the General Partner determines in good faith, after consultation with 
the Partnership's tax advisors, that there has been a significant change (or there is a significant 
likelihood of a such a change) to the expected income tax consequences associated with the 
receipt (or allocation) of the General Partner's "carried interest" (any such determination, a 
"Significant Change Determination"), then the General Partner shall be entitled to take any 
action (including amending this Agreement) that the General Partner believes to be reasonably 
necessary to mitigate the impact of any such actual or expected change in law (provided, 
however, that if such action materially and adversely affects (as such phrase is applied by giving 
effect to the final sentence of this Section 14.7(h)) any Limited Partner, then such action may not 
be taken without the consent of a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners). The General 
Partner shall promptly notify the Limited Partners in the event it makes a Significant Change 
Determination, and any such determination shall be conclusive and binding unless, within ten 
(10) Business Days of the date of such notice, a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners 
notifies the General Partner that they do not believe such determination was made in good faith, 
in which case the dispute as to whether such determination was made in good faith shall be 
settled in accordance with Section 14.8(j). For purposes of this Section 14.7(h), the Limited 
Partners agree that the following shall not be deemed "material and adverse effects" for the 
Limited Partners: (i) the costs of assessing, evaluating, processing or otherwise responding to 
proposed amendments (including the fees and costs of attorneys, accountants and other advisors 
EFTA00806021
--- PAGE 40 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
engaged in connection therewith); (ii) accounting and similar administrative costs; and (iii) any 
costs or burdens of a de minimis nature. 
14.8 
General Provisions. 
(a) 
Power of Attorney. 
Each of the undersigned by execution of this 
Agreement (including by execution of a counterpart signature page hereto directly or by power 
of attorney) constitutes and appoints the General Partner as its true and lawful representative and 
attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and stead, to make, execute, sign, acknowledge and deliver or 
file (i) the Certificate of Limited Partnership and any other instruments, documents and 
certificates which may from time to time be required by any law to effectuate, implement and 
continue the valid and subsisting existence of the Partnership, (ii) all instruments, documents and 
certificates that may be required to effectuate the dissolution and termination of the Partnership 
in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Delaware Act, (iii) all other amendments of this 
Agreement or the Certificate of Limited Partnership contemplated by this Agreement including, 
without limitation, amendments reflecting the addition or substitution of any Partner, or any 
action of the Partners duly taken pursuant to this Agreement whether or not such Partner voted in 
favor of or otherwise approved such action, (iv) any other instrument, certificate or document 
required from time to time to admit a Partner, to effect its substitution as a Partner, to effect the 
substitution of the Partner's assignee as a Partner, or to reflect any action of the Partners 
provided for in this Agreement, and (v) any other instrument, certificate or document required 
from time to time to effect the Transfer of a Defaulting Partner's interest; provided, however, 
that no actions shall be taken by the General Partner under the power of attorney granted 
pursuant to this Section 14.8(a) that would have any adverse effect on the limited liability of any 
Limited Partner. The foregoing grant of authority (1) is a special power of attorney coupled with 
an interest in favor of the General Partner and as such shall be irrevocable and shall survive the 
death or disability of a Partner that is a natural person or the merger, dissolution or other 
termination of the existence of a Partner that is a corporation, association, partnership, limited 
liability company or trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Partner of the whole or any 
portion of its interest, except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has appointed the 
General Partner as its true and lawful attorney in fact on the terms hereof attorney, this power of 
attorney shall survive such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the General Partner to 
execute, acknowledge and file any instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of 
the assignee for the assignor as a Partner and shall thereafter terminate. This power of attorney 
may be exercised by such attorney in fact and agent for each of the Limited Partners (or any of 
them) by a single signature of the General Partner acting as attorney in fact with or without 
listing all of the Limited Partners executing an instrument. 
(b) 
Execution of Additional Documents. 
Each Partner hereby agrees to 
execute all certificates, counterparts, amendments, instruments or documents that may be 
required by laws of the various jurisdictions in which the Partnership conducts its activities, to 
conform with the laws of such jurisdictions governing limited partnerships. 
(c) 
Binding on Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall 
inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, successors, permitted assigns and legal representatives 
of the parties hereto. 
EFTA00806022
--- PAGE 41 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(d) 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware. 
(e) 
Waiver of Partition. Each Partner hereby irrevocably waives any and all 
rights that it may have to maintain an action for partition of any of the Partnership's property. 
(0 
Securities Law Matters. Each Partner understands that in addition to the 
restrictions on transfer contained in this Agreement, it must bear the economic risks of its 
investment for an indefinite period because the Partnership interests have not been registered 
under the Securities Act or under any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction 
and, therefore, may not be sold or otherwise transferred unless they are registered under the 
Securities Act and any such other applicable securities laws or an exemption from such 
registration is available. 
(g) 
[Japanese Securities Laws. Each Limited Partner who is a Japanese 
resident or who is otherwise subject in any way to Japanese securities regulations generally 
(each, a "Japanese Investor") understands that (i) no securities registration statement pursuant 
to Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the "FIEL") 
has been prepared or filed with any authority with respect to the solicitation of an offer to acquire 
the interests in the Partnership, because such solicitation would constitute a "solicitation for a 
small number of people" (defined in Article 23-13, Paragraph 4 of the FIEL) and (ii) the interests 
in the Partnership constitute rights deemed to be securities as set forth in Article 2, Paragraph 2, 
Item 6 of the FIEL. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, (1) in the 
case that a Japanese Investor is not a qualified institutional investor (tekikakukikantoshika) as 
provided for in Article 2, Paragraph 3, Item 1 of the FIEL (a "QII") when it subscribes for its 
interest in the Partnership (the interest in the Partnership of any such Japanese Investor, a "Non-
QII Interest"), no Transfer of such Non-QII Interest may be made unless such Transfer includes 
all of such Non-QII Interest and is made to a single transferee who does not fall under any of the 
sub-items of Article 63, Paragraph 1, Item 1 of the FIEL and (2) in the case that a Japanese 
Investor is a QII when it subscribes for its interest in the Partnership (the interest in the 
Partnership of any such Japanese Investor, a "QII Interest"), it may not, directly or indirectly 
Transfer its QII Interest (or any interest therein) in whole or in part other than to a QII who does 
not fall under any of the sub-items of Article 63, Paragraph 1, Item 1 of the FIEL and, 
furthermore, in the case of a Transfer of such QII Interest by any transferee, such transferee may 
not, directly or indirectly Transfer its QII Interest (or any interest therein) in whole or in part 
other than to a QII who does not fall under any of the sub-items of Article 63, Paragraph 1, 
Item 1 of the FIEL.]' 
(h) 
Confidentiality.
(i) 
A Limited Partner's rights to access or receive any information 
about the Partnership or its business including, without limitation, (1) information to which a 
Limited Partner is provided access pursuant to Section 14.2, (2) financial statements, reports and 
I Subject to further review. 
EFTA00806023
--- PAGE 42 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
other information provided pursuant to Section 14.3, and (3) the offering documents for the 
Partnership, this Agreement, any subscription agreement and any other related agreements (the 
"Partnership Information"), are conditioned on such Limited Partner's willingness and ability 
to assure that the Partnership Information will be used solely by such Limited Partner for 
purposes reasonably related to such Limited Partner's interest as a Limited Partner, and that such 
Partnership Information will not become publicly available as a result of such Limited Partner's 
rights to access or receive such Partnership Information. 
(ii) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership 
Information constitutes a valuable trade secret of the Partnership and agrees to maintain any 
Partnership Information provided to it in the strictest confidence and not to disclose the 
Partnership Information to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, agents or 
consultants who have a business need to know such Partnership Information, who have been 
informed of the confidential nature of such Partnership Information, and who are, either by the 
nature of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the Partnership Information as are 
set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner consents to the 
disclosure by any Limited Partner that the General Partner determines is a fund-of-funds or 
similar entity to such Limited Partner's own equity holders of summary information concerning 
the Partnership's financial performance and status; provided, however, that in each instance such 
equity holders are, pursuant to a written agreement or other obligation, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the Partnership Information as are 
set forth in this Agreement. With respect to any Limited Partner, the obligation to maintain the 
Partnership Information in confidence shall not apply to any Partnership Information (I) that 
becomes publicly available (other than by reason of a disclosure by a Limited Partner), (2) the 
disclosure of which has been consented to by the General Partner in writing, or (3) the disclosure 
of which is required by a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental authority or 
otherwise as required by law. Before any Limited Partner discloses Partnership Information 
pursuant to clause (3), such Limited Partner shall promptly, and in any event prior to making any 
such disclosure, notify the General Partner of the court order, subpoena, interrogatories, 
government order or other reason that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so that 
the General Partner may seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of 
the Partnership Information or waive compliance with this Agreement. Such Limited Partner 
shall also consult with the General Partner on the advisability of taking steps to eliminate or 
narrow the requirement to disclose the Partnership Information and shall otherwise cooperate 
with the efforts of the General Partner to obtain a protective order or other remedy to protect the 
Partnership Information. If a protective order or other remedy cannot be obtained, such Limited 
Partner shall disclose only that Partnership Information that its counsel advises in writing (which 
writing shall also be addressed and delivered to the Partnership) that it is legally required to 
disclose. 
(iii) 
Each Limited Partner shall promptly notify the General Partner if it 
becomes aware of any reason, whether under law, regulation, policy or otherwise, that it will, or 
might become compelled to, use the Partnership Information other than as contemplated by 
Section 14.8(h)(i) or disclose Partnership Information in violation of the confidentiality 
restrictions in Section 14.8(h)(ii). 
EFTA00806024
--- PAGE 43 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, with the 
exception of the Schedule K-1 or equivalent report to be provided to each Partner pursuant to 
Section 14.3(b), the General Partner shall have the right not to provide any Limited Partner, for 
such period of time as the General Partner in good faith determines to be advisable, with any 
Partnership Information that such Limited Partner would otherwise be entitled to receive or to 
have access to pursuant to this Agreement (including without limitation pursuant to Section 14.2) 
or the Delaware Act i£ (1) the Partnership, the General Partner or any of their respective 
officers, members or Affiliates is required by law or by agreement with a third party to keep such 
Partnership Information confidential; (2) the General Partner in good faith believes that the 
disclosure of such Partnership Information to such Limited Partner is not in the best interest of 
the Partnership or could damage the Partnership or its business (which may include a 
determination by the General Partner that such Limited Partner or one or more of its equity 
holders is disclosing or may disclose such Partnership Information and that the potential of such 
disclosure by such Person is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the 
Partnership or its business or that of a Portfolio Company) or (3) such Limited Partner has 
notified the General Partner of its election not to have access to, or to receive such Partnership 
Information. 
(v) 
The Limited Partners acknowledge and agree that: 
(1) the 
Partnership or the General Partner and their respective Affiliates may acquire confidential 
information related to third parties (e.g., Portfolio Companies) that pursuant to fiduciary, 
contractual, legal or similar obligations cannot be disclosed to the Limited Partners; and 
(2) neither the Partnership nor the General Partner and their respective Affiliates shall be in 
breach of any duty under this Agreement or the Delaware Act in consequence of acquiring, 
holding or failing to disclose such information to the Limited Partners so long as such 
obligations were undertaken in good faith. 
(vi) 
In addition to any other remedies available at law, the Partners 
agree that the Partnership shall be entitled to equitable relief, including, without limitation, the 
right to an injunction or restraining order, as a remedy for any failure by a Limited Partner to 
comply with its obligations with respect to the use and disclosure of Partnership Information, as 
set forth in Section 14.8(hl(i) and Section 14.8(h)(ii). 
(i) 
Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts. Whenever the context of 
this Agreement permits, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders, and 
reference to singular or plural shall be interchangeable with the other. The invalidity or 
unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the other 
provisions, and this Agreement shall be construed and reformed in all respects as if any such 
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) were omitted or, at the direction of a court, modified in 
order to give effect to the intent and purposes of this Agreement. References in this Agreement 
to particular sections of the Code or the Delaware Act or any other statute shall be deemed to 
refer to such sections or provisions as they may be amended after the date of this Agreement. 
Captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and do not define or limit any term of this 
Agreement. It is the intention of the parties that every covenant, term, and provision of this 
Agreement shall be construed simply according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against 
any party (notwithstanding any rule of law requiring an Agreement to be strictly construed 
EFTA00806025
--- PAGE 44 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
against the drafting party), it being understood that the parties to this Agreement are 
sophisticated and have had adequate opportunity and means to retain counsel to represent their 
interests and to otherwise negotiate the provisions of this Agreement. For purposes of the 
Delaware Act, the Limited Partners shall constitute a single class or group of limited partners. 
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but 
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be 
delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with 
the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and 
any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be 
valid and effective for all purposes. 
(j) 
Arbitration. Except as otherwise agreed to by the General Partner and a 
Limited Partner with respect to any particular controversy or claim, any controversy or claim 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be settled through binding arbitration in 
accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association, and judgment upon an award 
arising in connection therewith may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any 
arbitration, mediation, court action, or other adjudicative proceeding arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement shall be held in Boston, Massachusetts or, if such proceeding cannot be lawfully 
held in such location, as near thereto as applicable law permits. 
[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.) 
EFTA00806026
--- PAGE 45 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement of Neoteny 4, LP as of the date first above written. 
GENERAL PARTNER: 
NEOTENY 4 GP, LW 
By: 
Name: Joichi Ito 
Title: Manager 
INITIAL LIMITED PARTNER (HEREBY 
WITHDRAWING) 
Name: Joichi Ito 
LIMITED PARTNERS: 
NEOTENY 4 GP, LLC, for and on behalf of each 
Limited Partner set forth on the List of Partners, as 
attorney-in-fact 
By: 
Name: Joichi Ito 
Title: Manager 
EFTA00806027
--- PAGE 46 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
APPENDIX I 
DEFINITIONS 
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
(such meanings to be equally applicable to both singular and plural forms of the terms so 
defined). Additional defined terms are set forth in the provisions of this Agreement to which 
they relate. 
Additional Limited 
Partner 
Advisory Committee 
Affiliate 
Agreement 
Anti-Money 
Laundering Laws 
BBA 
BBA Procedures 
Business Day 
Capital Account 
Carrying Value 
As set forth in Section 3.3(a). 
As set forth in Section 3.6(a). 
With respect to the Person to which it refers, a Person that directly or 
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled 
by, or is under common control with, such subject Person. For this 
purpose, (a) Portfolio Companies shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of 
the General Partner or any member of the General Partner, and (b) 
neither the Massachusetts Institute of Technology nor the MIT Media 
Lab shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Partnership, the General 
Partner (or any member thereof) or the Management Company (or any 
member thereof). Further, the Management Company is understood to 
be an Affiliate of the General Partner for purposes of this Agreement. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraphs to this Agreement. 
As set forth in Section 3.2(d)61(2). 
As set forth in Section 14.7(b). 
As set forth in Section 14.7(f). 
Each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday which is not 
a day on which banking institutions in the City of Boston, 
Massachusetts, are required by law to remain closed. 
As set forth in Section 8.1(a). 
With respect to any asset, the asset's adjusted basis for federal income 
tax purposes; provided, however, that (a) the initial Carrying Value of 
any asset contributed to the Partnership shall be adjusted to equal its 
gross fair market value at the time of its contribution, and (b) the 
Carrying Values of all assets held by the Partnership shall be adjusted to 
equal their respective gross fair market values (taking Section 7701(g) 
of the Code into account) upon an election by the Partnership to revalue 
its property in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-
EFTA00806028
--- PAGE 47 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
1(bX2)(iv)(f) and upon liquidation of the Partnership. The Carrying 
Value of any asset whose Carrying Value was adjusted pursuant to the 
preceding sentence thereafter shall be adjusted in accordance with the 
provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g). 
Code 
Contribution 
Covered Person 
Cumulative Net 
Gain 
Default Charge 
Default Rate 
Defaulting Partner 
Delaware Act 
Delayed Payment 
Interest 
Disposition 
The United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from 
time to time, or any successor statute thereto. 
With respect to any Partner at any time, the aggregate amount of capital 
contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner, adjusted in 
accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement, including, 
without limitation, Section 6.2 (relating to the return of contributions 
subject to subsequent drawdown) and Section 6.3(c) (relating to the 
imposition of a Default Charge), but excluding the contribution of an 
interest-equivalent amount pursuant to Section 3.3(a)(i) and the amount 
of any interest payable pursuant to Section 6.3(a) and Section 7.4(d). 
As set forth in Section 12.1(a). 
As of any time, the excess, if any, of the cumulative Net Gain of the 
Partnership from its inception through and including such time. 
As set forth in Section 6.3(c). 
As set forth in Section 6.3(a). 
As set forth in Section 6.3(b). 
As set forth in Section 2.1. 
Partnership income attributable to (a) interest paid by any Partner 
pursuant to Section 6.3(a); (b) interest on costs of collecting unpaid 
capital contributions paid by any Partner pursuant to Section 6.3(b); and 
(c) interest paid by any Partner pursuant to Section 7.4(d) (relating to 
Tax Liability). 
The sale, exchange, redemption, repayment, repurchase or other 
disposition by the Partnership of all or any portion of a Portfolio 
Investment for cash or for Freely Tradable Securities which are to be 
distributed to the Partners pursuant to ARTICLE VII, including the 
receipt by the Partnership of a liquidating dividend for cash or for 
Freely Tradable Securities on such Portfolio Investment or any portion 
thereof which are to be distributed to the Partners pursuant to ARTICLE 
WI and also including the distribution in kind to the Partners of all or 
any portion of such Portfolio Investment as permitted hereby. A 
Disposition shall be deemed to include a security becoming worthless 
within the meaning of Section 165(g) of the Code or otherwise 
I-2 
EFTA00806029
--- PAGE 48 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
becoming worthless in the reasonable discretion of the General Partner. 
The General Partner shall determine, in its good faith judgment, whether 
and to what extent a Disposition has occurred as a result of any 
refinancing, recapitalization or restructuring of a Portfolio Investment or 
Portfolio Company. 
Final Closing Date 
Freely Tradable 
Security 
General Partner 
Indemnitee 
Initial Agreement 
Initial Closing Date 
As set forth in Section 3.3(a). 
Any security that satisfies the following conditions: 
(a) 
The Partnership's entire holding of such securities can be 
immediately sold by the Partnership to the general public without the 
necessity of any federal, state or local government consent, approval or 
filing (other than any notice filings of the type required pursuant to 
Rule 144(h) under the Securities Act or Section 13 or 16 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), and 
(b) 
Such securities are listed on a national securities exchange. 
If only a portion of the Partnership's holdings of securities satisfies the 
requirements of the preceding sentence, that portion of the Partnership's 
holdings of such securities shall constitute Freely Tradable Securities. 
In addition to the foregoing, in the case of a distribution or proposed 
distribution of securities in kind, such securities shall also constitute 
Freely Tradable Securities if the entire portion of the distribution made 
to the Limited Partners can be immediately sold by them under the 
terms provided for in clause (a) of this definition and the condition 
provided for in clause (b) of this definition is satisfied, assuming for 
purposes of this sentence that no Limited Partner is or has been an 
Affiliate of the issuer of such securities and without regard to any 
restrictions on sale applicable to particular Limited Partners because of 
the particular nature or status of such Limited Partners. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may subject such 
Freely Tradable Securities to such conditions and restrictions as the 
General Partner determines are necessary or appropriate to preserve the 
value of such Freely Tradable Securities or for legal reasons. 
Initially, the entity named as General Partner in the introductory 
paragraphs of this Agreement, and any successor General Partner. 
As set forth in Section 12.2(a). 
As set forth in the introductory paragraphs of this Agreement. 
As set forth in Section 3.3(a). 
1-3 
EFTA00806030
--- PAGE 49 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Initial Drawdown 
As set forth in Section 6.1(b). 
Date 
Initial Limited 
Joichi Ito 
Partner 
Limited Partners 
Those Persons listed in the List of Partners as limited partners, together 
with any additional or substituted limited partners admitted to the 
Partnership after the date hereof. 
List of Partners 
The list, maintained by the General Partner, setting forth the names, 
addresses, electronic mail addresses and Subscriptions of the Partners. 
Management 
Neoteny Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and 
Company 
an Affiliate of the General Partner, or any successor Management 
Company appointed by the General Partner (which successor 
Management Company may also be an Affiliate of the General Partner). 
Management Fee 
As set forth in Section 5.3. 
Net Gain or Loss 
The profit or loss of the Partnership determined, in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax accounting principles, excluding any items 
specially allocated pursuant to Section 8.3, and computed with the 
following adjustments: 
(a) 
Items of gain, loss, and deduction shall be computed based upon 
the Carrying Values of the Partnership's assets (in accordance with 
Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g) and/or 1.704-3(d)) 
rather than upon the assets' adjusted bases for federal income tax 
purposes; 
(b) 
Any tax-exempt income received by the Partnership shall be 
included as an item of gross income; 
(c) 
Any expenditure of the Partnership described in Section 
705(a)(2)(B) of the Code (including any expenditures treated as being 
described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) pursuant to Treasury Regulations 
under Section 704(b) of the Code) shall be treated as a deductible 
expense; 
(d) 
The amount of any adjustment to the Carrying Value of any 
Partnership asset pursuant to Section 734(b) or Section 743(b) of the 
Code that is required to be reflected in the Capital Accounts of the 
Partners pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(bX2Xiv)(m) 
shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment is positive) or loss 
(if the adjustment is negative), and only such amount of the adjustment 
shall thereafter be taken into account in computing items of income and 
I-4 
EFTA00806031
--- PAGE 50 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
deduction; 
(e) 
The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss attributable 
to an asset at the time it is distributed in kind to a Partner shall be 
included in the computation as an item of income or loss, respectively; 
and 
(0 
The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss with 
respect to the assets of the Partnership that is reflected in an adjustment 
to the Carrying Values of the Partnership's assets pursuant to clause (b) 
of the definition of "Carrying Value" shall be included in the 
computation as items of income or loss, respectively. 
Non-Voting Interest 
A limited partnership interest in the Partnership that does not entitle the 
holder to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to any 
Partnership matter. Contributions attributable to Non-Voting Interests 
shall be disregarded, for purposes of Section 13.2, in determining both 
the aggregate Contributions of all Limited Partners and the aggregate 
Contributions of those Limited Partners voting in favor of or against a 
particular proposal. Except as otherwise explicitly provided in this 
Agreement, any interest held by any Person as a Non-Voting Interest 
shall be identical to all other limited partnership interests in all respects 
other than with regard to votes and consents. 
Organizational 
All expenses that are attributable to the organization of the Partnership, 
Expenses 
the General Partner and the Management Company, and the sale of 
interests in the Partnership to the Limited Partners. 
Partners 
As set forth in the introductory paragraphs of this Agreement. 
Partnership 
As set forth in the introductory paragraphs of this Agreement. 
Partnership 
As set forth in Section 5.2. 
Expenses 
Partnership 
As set forth in Section 14.8(h)(i). 
Information 
Partnership 
As set forth in Section 14.7(b). 
Representative 
Person 
Any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability 
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture, trust, 
business trust, cooperative or association and the heirs, executors, 
administrators, legal representative, successors and assigns of such 
Person where the context so permits. 
I-5 
EFTA00806032
--- PAGE 51 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Portfolio Company 
Portfolio Investment 
Prime Rate 
Regulatory 
Allocations 
Securities Act 
Significant Change 
Determination 
Subscription 
Tax Liability 
Third Party 
Indemnifiers 
Transfer 
Transfer Expenses 
Treasury 
Regulations 
United States; U.S. 
Any entity in which the Partnership holds an investment intended to 
achieve its investment purposes. 
An investment in a Portfolio Company. 
As of any date, the prime rate of interest in effect on such date as 
reported in The Wall Street Journal. 
As set forth in Part 1.6 of Appendix II. 
The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to 
time, or any successor statute thereto. 
As set forth in Section 14.7(h). 
With respect to any Partner, the total amount that such Partner has 
agreed to contribute to the Partnership as set forth in the List of Partners 
exclusive 
of 
any 
interest 
equivalent 
amounts 
pursuant 
to 
Section 3.3(a)(i). 
As set forth in Section 7.4(a). 
Any Person (other than the Partnership or the General Partner) that is 
legally or contractually obligated to make indemnification payments (or 
equivalent payments pursuant to an insurance policy or similar 
arrangement) with respect to an Indemnitee. 
As set forth in Section 11.1. 
As set forth in Section 11.2(h). 
The regulations promulgated by the United States Department of the 
Treasury under the Code, as amended. 
The United States of America. 
I-6 
EFTA00806033
--- PAGE 52 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
APPENDIX II 
REGULATORY AND TAX ALLOCATIONS 
The provisions of this Appendix II are included in order to enable the Partnership to 
comply with the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2Xiv). 
1. 
Regulatory Allocations and Allocations Involving Nonrecourse Indebtedness. 
The following provisions are included in order to comply with tax rules set forth in the Internal 
Revenue Code and to permit the Partnership to obtain the benefits of a "safe harbor" provided by 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and apply notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in Section 8.2 and Section 8.3. 
1.1 
Minimum Gain Chargeback. Items of income or gain (computed with 
the adjustments contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any 
taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners in the manner and to the minimum extent 
required by the "minimum gain chargeback" provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 
1.704-2(f) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(4). 
1.2 
Nonrecourse Deductions. All "nonrecourse deductions" (as defined in 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(1)) of the Partnership for any year shall be 
allocated to the Partners in accordance with their respective Contributions; provided, 
however, that nonrecourse deductions attributable to "partner nonrecourse debt" (as 
defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(4)) shall be allocated to the Partners in 
accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(1). 
1.3 
Limit on Loss and Deduction Allocations. In no event shall any items of 
loss or deduction (computed with the adjustments contained in the definition of "Net 
Gain" and "Net Loss") be allocated to a Partner if such allocation would cause or 
increase a negative balance in such Partner's Capital Account (determined for this 
purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the amount the Partner is 
obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 
1.704-1(b)(2)(iiXc) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-2(g) and I.704-2(i)(5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in 
Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2Xii)(d)(4), (5) and (6)). 
1.4 
Qualified Income Offset. Items of income or gain (computed with the 
adjustments contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable 
period shall be allocated to the Partners in the manner and to the extent required by the 
"qualified income offset" provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d). 
1.5 
Gross Income Allocation. Items of income or gain (computed with the 
adjustments contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable 
period shall be allocated to the Partners in the amount of (and in proportion to) any 
negative balance in such Partner's Capital Account (determined for this purpose, by 
increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the amount the Partner is obligated 
to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-
1(b)(2)(iiXc) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation Sections 
EFTA00806034
--- PAGE 53 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
1.704-2(g) and 1.704-2(i)(5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury 
Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6)). 
1.6 
Offsetting Allocations. The allocations set forth in paragraphs 1.3, 1.4 
and 1.5 hereof (the "Regulatory Allocations") are intended to comply with certain 
requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b). Notwithstanding any other 
provisions of this Agreement (other than the Regulatory Allocations), the Regulatory 
Allocations shall be taken into account in allocating subsequent Net Gain, Net Loss and 
other items of income, gain, loss and deduction among the Partners so that, to the extent 
possible, the net amount of such allocations of subsequent Net Gain, Net Loss and other 
items and the Regulatory Allocations to each Partner shall be equal to the net amount that 
would have been allocated to each such Partner pursuant to the provisions of Article VIII 
of the Agreement if the Regulatory Allocations had not occurred. 
2. 
Adjustments to Reflect Changes in Interests. With respect to any fiscal period 
during which any Partner's interest in the Partnership changes, allocations under this Agreement 
(including Section 6.3(e)(iii) and Section 8.4) shall be adjusted appropriately to take into account 
the varying interests of the Partners during such period in accordance with the requirements of 
Section 706(d) of the Code and the Regulations thereunder. 
3. 
Special Allocations to Reflect Economic Interests. The General Partner is 
authorized to modify the allocations otherwise provided for under Article VIII and this Appendix 
II, including by specially allocating items of gross income, gain, loss, or expense among the 
Partners, if advised by the Partnership's tax advisors that such modifications or such special 
allocations will cause the Capital Accounts of the Partners to reflect more closely the Partners' 
relative economic interests in the Partnership as set forth in Article VIII and Article X. 
4. 
Tax Allocations. 
Except as otherwise provided in the Agreement or this 
Appendix II or as required by Section 704 of the Code, for tax purposes, all items of income, 
gain, loss, deduction or credit shall be allocated to the Partners in the same manner as are Net 
Gains and Net Losses; provided, however, that if the Carrying Value of any property of the 
Partnership differs from its adjusted basis for tax purposes, then items of income, gain, loss, 
deduction or credit related to such property for tax purposes shall be allocated among the 
Partners so as to take account of the variation between the adjusted basis of the property for tax 
purposes and its Carrying Value in the manner provided for under Section 704(c) of the Code. 
* 
* 
* 
II-2 
EFTA00806035

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806036.pdf
----------------------------------------
NEOTENY 4, LP 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION MATERIALS 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INVESTORS 
If you are interested in purchasing a limited partner interest in Neoteny 4, LP (the 
"Partnership"), please complete (and do not date) all applicable signature pages and 
exhibits of the Subscription Agreement as indicated below. In addition, please complete 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") tax withholding form applicable to you. 
Please return all materials to Danielle Prague at the following address: 
Prague & Company, P.C. 
Walnut Street, Suite 150 
Wellesley, MA 02481 
All materials should also be emailed to Danielle Prague at 
with a copy to Jeremy Heckman of Barack Ferrazzano 
Kirschbaum and Nagelberg LLP at 
Please direct any questions regarding this Subscription A eement and/or the 
Partnership 
to 
Danielle 
Prague 
at 
(email: 
) or Jeremy Heckman at 
(email: 
NOTE: PLEASE DO NOT DATE ANY SIGNATURE PAGES AND PLEASE BE SURE 
TO COMPLETE ALL EXHIBITS (A THROUGH D). Investors also need to complete and 
sign the appropriate U.S. federal income tax withholding form W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-
E, W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each with explanatory instructions published by the 
IRS). 
EFTA00806036
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
NEOTENY 4, LP 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
February 6, 2018 
Neoteny 4, LP 
do Neoteny 4 GP, LW 
do Prague & Company, P.C. 
Walnut Street, Suite 150 
Wellesley, MA 02481 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
Reference is made to (i) the Summary of Terms, including all supplements thereto, if any 
(the "Summary"), of Neoteny 4, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"); (ii) the 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Partnership (the "Partnership 
Agreement"), by and among Neoteny 4 GP, LW, a Delaware limited liability company, as the 
sole general partner of the Partnership (the "General Partner"), and the Limited Partners named 
on the List of Partners maintained by the Partnership, in each case, as furnished to the 
undersigned with respect to the offering of a limited partner interest in the Partnership (the 
"Interest") to the undersigned; and (iii) this Limited Partner Subscription Agreement (this 
"Agreement"), by and between the General Partner, as general partner of the Partnership, and 
the undersigned. The Summary, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Offering Materials." Capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein 
shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Partnership Agreement. 
The undersigned subscribing investor (the "Investor") hereby subscribes and agrees as 
follows: 
I. 
Subscription for a Limited Partner Interest. Subject to the terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement and in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor agrees (i) to purchase 
from the Partnership an Interest in the amount set forth on the signature page below (except to 
the extent that an Interest in a lesser amount has been accepted by the General Partner pursuant 
to Section 9) at a purchase price equal to 100% of such Interest, payable in the manner and at the 
times as set forth in the Partnership Agreement, (ii) to become a party to and be bound by the 
Partnership Agreement and (iii) to become a Limited Partner of the Partnership. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby represents 
and warrants to, and agrees with, the Partnership and the General Partner as follows: 
(a) 
Suitability. 
THE INVESTOR HAS READ CAREFULLY AND 
UNDERSTANDS THE OFFERING MATERIALS AND HAS CONSULTED ITS OWN 
ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT, TAX ADVISER AND/OR INVESTMENT ADVISER WITH 
RESPECT TO THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND ITS SUITABILITY 
FOR THE INVESTOR. 
ANY SPECIFIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT SET FORTH BELOW 
WITH RESPECT TO ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS 
EFTA00806037
--- PAGE 3 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO LIMIT THE GENERALITY OF THIS REPRESENTATION 
AND WARRANTY. 
(b) 
Opportunity to Verify Information. 
The Investor acknowledges that 
representatives of the Partnership have made available to the Investor, during the course of this 
transaction and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to ask questions of and 
receive answers from them concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Interests 
described in the Offering Materials, and to obtain any additional information necessary to verify 
the information contained in the Offering Materials or otherwise relative to the proposed 
activities of the Partnership or to otherwise evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Partnership. 
(c) 
Purchase for Investment. The Investor understands and agrees: (i) that the 
Investor must bear the economic risk of its investment until the termination of the Partnership; 
(ii) that the Interest has not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or under the applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction, 
and, therefore, cannot be resold or otherwise disposed of unless it is subsequently registered 
under the Securities Act or such other applicable securities laws, unless an exemption from such 
registration is available; (iii) that the Partnership is not being registered as an "investment 
company" as the term "investment company" is defined in Section 3(a) of the United States 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"); (iv) that the 
Investor is purchasing the Interest for its own account and without a view towards distribution 
thereof; (v) that the Investor shall not resell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the Interest 
purchased by the Investor, except as permitted by law, including without limitation, any 
regulations under the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws, and any and all 
applicable provisions of the Partnership Agreement; (vi) that the transfer of the Interest by the 
Investor and the admission and substitution of another Limited Partner for the Investor are 
restricted by the terms of the Partnership Agreement and the Securities Act; (vii) that the General 
Partner does not have any intention of registering the Partnership as an "investment company" 
under the Investment Company Act or of registering the Interest under the Securities Act or of 
supplying the information that may be necessary to enable the Investor to sell, transfer or 
otherwise dispose of the Interest; and (viii) that Rule 144 under the Securities Act is unlikely to 
be available as a basis for exemption from registration of the Interest in connection with the sale, 
transfer or other disposition of all or a portion of the Interest. The Investor understands that there 
is no public or other market for the Interest, and it is not anticipated that such a market will ever 
develop. The Investor further understands that for the foregoing reasons, the Investor will be 
required to retain ownership of the Interest and bear the economic risk of this investment for an 
indefinite period of time. The Investor is aware and acknowledges that: (i) the Partnership has 
no financial or operating history; (ii) the General Partner and Neoteny Management, LLC (which 
is an Affiliate of the General Partner) will receive substantial compensation in connection with 
the management of the Partnership; and (iii) the Investor is not entitled to cancel, terminate or 
revoke its subscription in the Partnership nor any of the powers and authority conferred herein 
and in the Partnership Agreement to the Partnership and/or the General Partner. The Investor 
acknowledges that the Investor has read, and understands and agrees to, the risk factors 
contained in the Summary. 
(d) 
Full Contribution. The Investor understands that, except as otherwise 
provided in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor may not make less than the full amount of 
EFTA00806038
--- PAGE 4 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
any required capital contribution in respect of such Investor's Interest, and that default provisions 
with respect thereto, pursuant to which the Investor may suffer substantial adverse consequences 
(including, but not limited to, the loss of all or a material portion of its investment in the 
Partnership), are contained in the Partnership Agreement. 
(e) 
Exhibits. 
The Investor has carefully reviewed Exhibits A through F 
attached hereto and completed Exhibits A through D. 
The Investor makes each of the 
representations set forth in Exhibits A through D and such representations are true and correct in 
all respects. 
(f) 
No Need for Liquidity. 
The Investor has no need for liquidity in 
connection with its purchase of the Interest, and is able to bear the risk of loss of its entire 
investment in the Interest. The Investor understands that its investment in the Interest may result 
in the complete loss of such investment. 
(g) 
Investment Objectives and Advice. The purchase of the Interest by the 
Investor is consistent with the general investment objectives of the Investor. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges that it has not relied on the General Partner or any of its partners or Affiliates for 
investment advice with respect to an investment in the Partnership. 
(h) 
Securities Laws. The Investor understands that the offer and sale of the 
Interest in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Investor further understands that 
neither this Agreement nor any of the other Offering Materials constitute an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy an Interest in a state or other jurisdiction to any Person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. The Investor received 
the Offering Materials and first learned of the Partnership in the country, territory, state or other 
jurisdiction identified in the address of the Investor set forth on the Investor's signature page 
hereto, and intends that the securities laws of that country, territory, state or other jurisdiction 
alone shall govern the offer and sale of the Interest to the Investor. If the Investor is not a 
resident of the United States, the Investor understands that it is the responsibility of the Investor 
to satisfy himself or itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant country, territory, 
state or jurisdiction outside of the United States in connection with the offer, purchase and sale 
of the Interest, including obtaining any required governmental or other consent and observing 
any other applicable legal, regulatory or other similar formalities. This offering does not 
constitute an offer of the Interest to the public and no action has been or will be taken to permit a 
public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. The Investor 
understands that no governmental agency or authority has passed upon or will pass upon the 
offer or sale of the Interest or has made or will make any finding or determination as to the 
fairness of this investment. The Investor: (i) if an individual, represents on his or her behalf; or 
(ii) if a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company, entity or other organization or 
association, represents on its behalf and the behalf of its officers, directors, managers, general 
partners and principal stockholders or equityholders, connected with the Investor as of the date 
hereof, that it is not subject to any "bad actor" disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to 
(viii) under the Securities Act (a "Disqualifying Event"), except for a Disqualifying Event 
covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. 
(i) 
Investment Company Act Representations. Except as otherwise disclosed 
to the Partnership in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be acknowledged 
EFTA00806039
--- PAGE 5 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
by the General Partner and 
Investor is a corporation, 
organization or association: 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), if the 
trust, partnership, limited liability company, entity or other 
The Investor was not, or will not be, formed or "recapitalized" (as 
defined below in this Section 2(i)) for the specific purpose of 
acquiring the Interest; 
The Investor's stockholders, partners or other beneficial owners 
have no individual discretion as to their participation or non-
participation in the purchase of the Interest and will have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in 
particular investments made by the Partnership; 
The Investor has not and will not invest more than 40% of its 
"committed capital" (as defined below in this Section 2(i)) in any 
single entity, including the Partnership); 
If the Investor is contributing 10% or more of the total capital to be 
contributed by the Limited Partners to the Partnership, either (i) all 
of the outstanding securities (other than short-term paper) of such 
Investor are beneficially owned by one natural person, or (ii) such 
investor is not an "investment company" under Section 3(a) of the 
Investment Company Act or an entity which would be an 
"investment company" but for the exception provided for in 
Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act; 
The Investor's ownership of the Interest will constitute beneficial 
ownership by "one person" for purposes of determining the 
number of persons who beneficially own securities of the 
Partnership for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment 
Company Act; and 
(6) 
The Investor has not been formed or used to circumvent the 
provisions of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Interest 
held by the Investor will be held of record by one person within the 
meaning of the Exchange Act Rule 12g5-1. 
For purposes of this Section 2(i), the following definitions shall apply: "committed 
capital" includes all amounts which have been contributed to the Investor by its shareholders, 
partners or other equity holders plus all amounts which such persons remain obligated to 
contribute to it; and the term "recapitalized" shall include new investments made in the Investor 
solely for the purpose of financing its acquisition of the Interest and not made pursuant to a prior 
financial commitment. 
(j) 
Power and Authority; No Conflicts. If the Investor is a corporation, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity, organization or association: (i) it has the 
EFTA00806040
--- PAGE 6 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement; (ii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Investor has been duly 
authorized to execute this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement; and (iii) such execution, 
delivery and performance by the Investor of such agreements do not violate, or conflict with, the 
terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound. If 
the Investor is an individual, the Investor has all requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the 
Interest and to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement and to perform 
its obligations hereunder and thereunder. This Agreement has been duly executed by the 
Investor and constitutes, and the Partnership Agreement, when the Investor is admitted as a 
Limited Partner, will constitute, valid and legally binding agreements of the Investor enforceable 
against the Investor in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor has obtained all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of government authorities and other persons or 
entities required to be obtained in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement 
and the Partnership Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(k) 
Knowledge and Experience. The Investor and its purchaser representative 
(if any) currently have, and (unless the Investor has a purchaser representative) the Investor had 
immediately prior to receipt of any offer regarding the Partnership, such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an 
investment in the Partnership. 
(1) 
Purchaser Representative. 
If the Investor has utilized a purchaser 
representative, the Investor has previously given the Partnership notice in writing of such fact 
(which shall be acknowledged by the General Partner in writing), specifying that such 
representative would be acting as the Investor's "purchaser representative" as defined in 
Rule 501(h) of Regulation D under the Securities Act ("Regulation D"). 
(m) 
No View to Tax Benefits. The Investor is not acquiring the Interest with a 
view to realizing any benefits under any tax law, including, but not limited to, United States 
federal income tax laws, and no representations have been made to the Investor that any such 
benefits will be available as a result of the Investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of the 
Interest. 
(n) 
Publicly Traded Partnership. The following representations are included 
with the intention of enabling the Partnership to qualify for the benefit of a "safe harbor" under 
U.S. Treasury Regulations from treatment of the Partnership as an entity subject to corporate 
income tax. The Investor either: 
(1) 
is nor a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for 
United States federal income tax purposes; or 
(2) 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for 
United States federal income tax purposes, and (i) at no time 
during the term of the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of 
any beneficial owner's direct or indirect interest in the Investor be 
attributable to the Investor's interests in the Partnership, (ii) less 
than 65% of the value of the Investor is attributable to the 
Investor's interests in the Partnership, and (iii) permitting the 
EFTA00806041
--- PAGE 7 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set forth in 
Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations is not a 
principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Investor or of any 
person authorized to act on the Investor's behalf, for using the 
tiered arrangement 
within 
the meaning of U.S. Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)(ii). 
(o) 
Status as Disregarded Entity. Unless the Investor has notified the General 
Partner in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be acknowledged by the 
General Partner and shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), the Investor is 
not disregarded as an entity separate from its owner within the meaning of U.S. Treasury 
Regulation Section 301.7701-2(c)(2)(i) (a "Disregarded Entity"). If the Investor has notified 
the General Partner in writing that it is a Disregarded Entity, then the sole owner of the Investor 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the "Sole Owner") represents as follows: 
(1) 
the Sole Owner either: 
(A) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for 
United States federal income tax purposes; or 
(B) 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for 
United States federal income tax purposes, and (x) at no time during the 
term of the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial 
owner's direct or indirect interest in the Sole Owner be attributable to the 
Sole Owner's interests in the Partnership, (y) less than 65% of the value 
of the Sole Owner is attributable to the Sole Owner's interests in the 
Partnership, and (z) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner 
limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury 
Regulations is not a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Sole 
Owner, or of any person authorized to act on the Sole Owner's behalf, for 
using the tiered arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)(ii). 
(2) 
The Sole Owner will not transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any 
part of its economic or beneficial interest in (or any rights with respect to) the 
Investor or the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of 
the Partnership Agreement as if the Sole Owner were a direct Limited Partner of 
the Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partner interest in the 
Partnership. 
(p) 
No Borrowings. 
The Investor has not borrowed any portion of its 
contribution to the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, the General 
Partner, or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
(q) 
Partnership Counsel Does Not Represent the Investors. 
The Investor 
understands and acknowledges that Barack Ferrazzano Kirschbaum and Nagelberg LLP 
("BFKN") represents only the Partnership and the General Partner and certain of their respective 
Affiliates, and not the Investor, in connection with the formation of the Partnership and the sale 
EFTA00806042
--- PAGE 8 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
of the Interest, and that the Investor should consult its own legal and tax advisers in connection 
therewith. The Investor also understands that no independent counsel has been retained to 
represent the Limited Partners. The Investor acknowledges that BFKN has not independently 
verified any factual assertions made in the Summary and is not responsible for the Partnership's 
compliance with its investment program or applicable law. The Investor represents that it has 
not relied upon BFKN's participation in the preparation of the Offering Materials or its 
representation of the parties named above in connection with its investment in the Partnership. 
(r) 
Privacy Notice. If the Investor is a natural person, he or she acknowledges 
receipt of the notice attached hereto as Exhibit E regarding the privacy of consumer financial 
information pursuant to the privacy rules promulgated by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 
and the SEC under section 504 of the U.S. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the "Privacy Rules"), and 
agrees that the Interest is a financial product that the Investor has requested and authorized. In 
accordance with the Privacy Rules, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership 
may disclose nonpublic personal information of the Investor to the Partnership's accountants, 
attorneys and other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Partnership and its partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may be required by 
applicable law, rule or regulation. 
(s) 
Nominees and Custodians. The Investor shall promptly notify the General 
Partner in writing (which shall be acknowledged by the General Partner in writing) if the 
Investor is acting as nominee, custodian or other type of agent (whether disclosed or 
undisclosed). If the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian for another person, entity or 
organization in connection with the purchase or holding of the Interest, the undersigned has so 
indicated on its signature page hereto. The representations and warranties contained in this 
Section 2 regarding the "Investor" are true and accurate with regard to each person, entity or 
other organization for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the representations and warranties regarding the status of 
the Investor in Exhibits A through D are true with respect to, and accurately describe, each 
person, entity or organization for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian. Each 
person, entity or organization for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian will 
not Transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of its economic or beneficial interest in 
(or any other rights with respect to) the Interest without complying with all of the applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement (including seeking the consent of the General Partner to 
any such transfer) as if such person, entity or organization were a direct Limited Partner of the 
Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partner interest in the Partnership. If the 
undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian for another person, entity or organization, the 
undersigned agrees to provide such other information as the General Partner may reasonably 
request regarding the undersigned and the person, entity or organization for which the 
undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian in order to determine the eligibility of the Investor 
to purchase the Interest. 
(t) 
Final Form. The Investor understands and acknowledges that his, her or 
its purchase of an Interest in the Partnership shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement and the Partnership Agreement, in each case in the definitive form as shall be 
executed by the parties hereto and thereto, and as the same may be amended from time to time in 
accordance with their respective terms. The Investor further understands and acknowledges that 
EFTA00806043
--- PAGE 9 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
the definitive form of the Partnership Agreement may have terms and conditions different from 
those disclosed originally in the Summary. 
(u) 
No General Solicitation or General Advertisement. 
The Investor 
acknowledges that it is not purchasing an Interest as a result of or subsequent to (i) any 
advertisement, article, notice or other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or 
similar media (including any internet site that is not password protected) or broadcast over 
television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting whose attendees, including the Investor, had 
been invited as a result of, subsequent to or pursuant to the foregoing. 
(v) 
OFAC and Anti-Money Laundering. The Investor hereby acknowledges 
that the Partnership seeks to comply with all applicable sanctions imposed under the laws, 
regulations or executive orders administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury Department's 
Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), pursuant to 31 C.F.R. Sub. B, Chap. V ("OFAC 
Sanctions") and all other applicable laws concerning money laundering and related activities. In 
furtherance of those efforts, the Investor, on behalf of itself, its "controlling parties" (as defined 
below in this Section 2(v)) and any disclosed or undisclosed principal for which the Investor is 
acting as a nominee or other type of agent, certifies, based on appropriate diligence and 
investigation, that: 
(i) 
it and any such controlling party and disclosed or undisclosed 
principal or any other person or entity of whom it is acting on 
behalf is not named on any prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. 
government, including, but not limited to, the OFAC list of 
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons; 
(ii) 
it and any such controlling party and disclosed or undisclosed 
principal or any other person or entity of whom it is acting on 
behalf is not otherwise the target of any OFAC Sanctions; 
(iii) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or 
will contribute to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, 
or related to, any activity that is prohibited under the OFAC 
Sanctions, and no cash, property or item of value that Investor 
receives from the Partnership will be used in any transaction or 
manner that is prohibited under the OFAC Sanctions; 
(iv) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or 
will contribute to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, 
or related to, any activity that is deemed criminal under United 
States law; and 
(v) 
no contribution or payment by the Investor to the Partnership, to 
the extent that they are within the Investor's control, shall cause 
the Partnership or the General Partner to be in violation of the 
United States Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, or any regulation 
issued thereunder; the criminal money laundering provisions set 
EFTA00806044
--- PAGE 10 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
forth in Title 18 of the United States Code; or the OFAC 
Sanctions. 
For purposes of this Section 2(v), "controlling party" means any person or entity who owns more 
than 50% of the economic interest in another person or entity or controls the board of directors or 
similar governing body, the day-to-day operations or material business decisions of such other 
person or entity. 
The Investor agrees to promptly provide to the General Partner any additional information 
regarding the Investor or its beneficial owners that the General Partner deems necessary or 
convenient to ensure compliance with all applicable laws concerning money laundering and 
similar activities, including without limitation the information described in Exhibit F. The 
Investor understands and agrees that if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing 
representations are incorrect, or if otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or 
administrative pronouncement related to money laundering and similar activities, the General 
Partner may undertake appropriate actions to ensure compliance with applicable laws, 
regulations and administrative pronouncements, including, but not limited to those actions 
described in the Partnership Agreement. The Investor further understands that the Partnership or 
General Partner may release confidential information about the Investor and, if applicable, any 
underlying beneficial owners, to proper authorities if the General Partner, in its sole discretion, 
determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership in light of relevant rules, regulations 
and administrative pronouncements under the laws set forth in this Section 2(v). 
(w) 
FOIA; Confidentiality. Except to the extent otherwise disclosed to the 
General Partner and acknowledged by the General Partner in writing prior to its admission to the 
Partnership, the Investor represents that it is not a FOIA Partner (as defined herein). The 
Investor agrees to provide prompt written notice to the General Partner if at any time during the 
term of the Partnership (i) it becomes a FOIA Partner, or (ii) it becomes aware of any reason, 
whether under law, regulation, policy or otherwise, that it or any of its equity holders will, or 
might become compelled to, use the Partnership Information other than as contemplated by 
Section 14.8(h) of the Partnership Agreement or disclose Partnership Information in violation of 
the confidentiality restrictions in Section 14.8(h) of the Partnership Agreement. For purposes of 
this Agreement, a "FOIA Partner" shall mean any Investor that is (A) directly or indirectly 
subject to either section 552(a) of Title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the 
"Freedom of Information Act") or any similar federal, state, county or municipal public 
disclosure law, whether foreign or domestic; (B) subject, by regulation, contract or otherwise, to 
disclose Partnership Information to a trading exchange or other market where interests in such 
person are sold or traded, whether foreign or domestic; (C) required to or will likely be required 
to disclose Partnership Information to a governmental body, agency or committee (including, 
without limitation, any disclosures required in accordance with the U.S. Ethics in Government 
Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any executive, legislative or judiciary 
organization), whether foreign or domestic, by virtue of such person's (or any of its Affiliate's) 
current or proposed involvement in government office; (D) an agent, nominee, fiduciary, 
custodian or trustee for any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) where 
Partnership Information provided or disclosed to such person by the Partnership or the General 
Partner is provided or could at any time become available to such person described by the 
preceding clauses (A) through (C); or (E) an investment fund or other entity that has any person 
described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) as a partner, member or other beneficial 
EFTA00806045
--- PAGE 11 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
owner where Partnership Information provided or disclosed to such person by or on behalf of the 
Partnership or the General Partner is disclosed to or could at any time become available to such 
person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C). 
(x) 
Compliance with FINRA Rules. 
If the Partnership or a Portfolio 
Company determines to invest in securities that are part of a "new issue" within the meaning of 
the rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") (including FINRA Rules 
5130 and 5131), the Investor agrees to timely provide to the General Partner upon request such 
information as may be necessary or appropriate, as determined by the General Partner, to enable 
the Partnership to comply with all applicable FINRA rules; including, without limitation, 
representations as to the Investor's "restricted person" status, FINRA affiliations and 
associations. The failure to timely respond to any such request by the General Partner may result 
in (i) the Investor's Interest being treated as held by a "restricted person" for purposes of FINRA 
Rule 5130, or as a person or account prohibited from receiving an allocation of shares of a new 
issue for purposes of Rule 5131, with no exemption to such rules applicable, and/or (ii) the 
Investor being excluded from receiving any allocation of income related to an investment in 
"new issue" securities. 
(y) 
Duty to Update. The foregoing representations and warranties of the 
Investor and any other information provided by the Investor in this Agreement are true and 
correct as of the date hereof, shall be true and correct as of the Investor's admission to the 
Partnership and as of the date of each capital contribution by the Investor to the Partnership. If, at 
any time during the term of the Partnership, any of the above representations or warranties 
becomes untrue or incorrect in any respect, the Investor shall promptly notify the General 
Partner. 
3. 
Closing and Capital Contributions. The closing of the sale and purchase of the 
Interest (the "Closing") shall take place on such date and time and at such place as shall be 
selected by the General Partner. The initial capital contribution for the purchase of the Investor's 
Interest as well as each additional capital contribution shall take place at such times and in the 
manner specified in the Partnership Agreement. 
4. 
Agreements with Other Limited Partners. The purchases of the Interest by the 
Investor and interests in the Partnership by the other Limited Partners are to be separate 
purchases from the Partnership and the sales of the Interest to the Investor and interests in the 
Partnership to the other Limited Partners are to be separate sales by the Partnership. This 
Agreement and the subscription agreements to be executed by such other Limited Partners are 
sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "Subscription Agreements." 
5. 
Representations and Warranties. The Partnership and the General Partner hereby 
represent and warrant to the Investor that at the time of the Closing: 
(a) 
Organization and Standing of the Partnership. The Partnership is duly 
organized and validly existing as a limited partnership under the Delaware Act and has all 
requisite power and authority under the Partnership Agreement and such law to enter into and 
carry out the terms of this Agreement, to conduct its activities as described in the Partnership 
Agreement, to issue and sell the Interest and to admit the Investor to the Partnership. Each of the 
Partnership and the General Partner is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing 
EFTA00806046
--- PAGE 12 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
in each jurisdiction in which the character of the business conducted by it makes such 
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a material 
adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Partnership. 
(b) 
Governmental and Regulatory Approval. 
Neither the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement, nor the offer or sale of the Interest, requires any material consent, 
approval or authorization from, or filing, registration or qualification with, any United States 
federal, state or local governmental or regulatory authority (including, without limitation, 
registration under the Securities Act), on the part of the Partnership, except for (i) compliance by 
the Partnership and the General Partner with the requirements of any applicable United States 
state securities ("Blue Sky") laws and (ii) filing by the Partnership of a Form D with the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
(c) 
Litigation. There are no actions, proceedings or investigations pending or, 
to the Partnership's knowledge, threatened, against the Partnership which have a substantial 
likelihood of resulting in a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or 
operations of the Partnership or in any material liability on the part of the Partnership. 
(d) 
Sale of the Interests. 
All action required to be taken by the General 
Partner and the Partnership as a condition to the sale of the Interest purchased by the Investor has 
been taken, and upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement, and the acceptance thereof by the General Partner, the Investor will be a Limited 
Partner of the Partnership entitled to all the benefits, and subject to all the obligations, of a 
Limited Partner under the Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act. 
(e) 
Certificate of Limited Partnership. A Certificate of Limited Partnership of 
the Partnership has been filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
(f) 
Due Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and, assuming the due 
authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Investor, is a valid and legally binding 
obligation of the Partnership, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 
The 
Partnership Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the General Partner and, 
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Limited Partner, is a valid 
and legally binding obligation of the Partnership, enforceable against it in accordance with its 
terms. 
6. 
Power of Attorney. 
(a) 
The Investor hereby appoints the General Partner, and each person from 
time to time serving as a member, director or officer of the General Partner (collectively, the 
"Attorneys"), and each acting singly, as the Investor's agent and attorney-in-fact, in its name, 
place and stead, to make, execute, sign, acknowledge and deliver or file for and on behalf of the 
Investor, and in its name, place and stead (i) the Partnership Agreement substantially in the form 
provided to the Investor, and (ii) any other certificate, consent, or other instrument which may be 
required by law to be filed by the Partnership or the partners thereof under the laws of any 
country, territory, state or other jurisdiction, if the Attorney deems such filing necessary or 
II 
EFTA00806047
--- PAGE 13 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
desirable, in each case said signature thereon on behalf of the Investor being conclusive evidence 
of the approval of the Investor of the terms thereof. 
(b) 
The foregoing grant of authority (1) is a special power of attorney deemed 
coupled with an interest in favor of the Attorney and as such shall be irrevocable and shall 
survive the death or disability of a Limited Partner that is a natural person or the merger, 
dissolution or other termination of the existence of a Limited Partner that is a corporation, 
association, partnership, limited liability company or trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment 
by the Limited Partner of the whole or any portion of its Interest, except that where the assignee 
of the whole thereof has furnished a power of attorney, this power of attorney shall survive such 
assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the Attorneys to execute, acknowledge and file any 
instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee for the assignor as a 
Limited Partner and shall thereafter terminate. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it and 
each other Limited Partner has executed this special power of attorney, and that each Limited 
Partner will rely on the effectiveness of such powers with a view to the orderly administration of 
the Partnership's affairs. 
7. 
Expenses. Each party hereto will pay its own expenses relating to this Agreement 
and the purchase of the Investor's Interest in the Partnership hereunder. 
8. 
Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, 
waived, discharged or terminated except with the written consent of the Investor and the General 
Partner. 
9. 
Rejection of Subscription. The Investor acknowledges that the subscription for 
the Interest contained herein may be reduced or rejected by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion at any time prior to the Closing. 
10. 
Additional Investor Information; Indemnity. The Investor understands that the 
information provided herein (including the exhibits hereto) will be relied upon by the Partnership 
and the General Partner for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase 
the Interest. The Investor agrees to provide, if requested, any additional information that may 
reasonably be required to determine the eligibility of the Investor to purchase or hold the Interest. 
The Investor represents and agrees that the information provided herein (including the exhibits 
hereto) regarding the Investor is true and correct as of the date it executes this Agreement and 
will be true and correct as of the Closing and as of the date of each capital contribution by the 
Investor to the Partnership. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if there should be 
any change in the information provided herein or in any exhibit or schedule hereto regarding the 
Investor prior to the Closing or at any time during the term of the Partnership, the Investor will 
immediately furnish revised or corrected information to the General Partner in writing. The 
Investor will furnish to the Partnership, upon request, any other information about the Investor 
reasonably determined by the General Partner to be necessary or convenient for the formation, 
operation, dissolution, winding-up or termination of the Partnership; provided that (A) such other 
information is in the Investor's possession or is available to the Investor without unreasonable 
effort or expense and (B) the Investor's obligations with respect to such other information shall 
not apply to information that the Investor is required by law or agreement to keep confidential. 
The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership, the General Partner, any 
Affiliate of the Partnership or the General Partner, and any director, officer, partner, member, 
EFTA00806048
--- PAGE 14 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
manager, employee, or agent of any such party against any loss, damage, or liability due to or 
arising out of a breach of any representation, warranty or agreement of the Investor contained in 
this Agreement (including the exhibits hereto) or in any other documents provided by the 
Investor to the Partnership or the General Partner in connection with the Investor's investment in 
the Partnership. 
11. 
Withholding Forms. The Investor represents, warrants and agrees that it will 
provide in a timely manner such information regarding the Investor and its beneficial owners and 
forms as requested by the General Partner, including a properly completed Internal Revenue 
Service ("IRS") Tax Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each, a 
foreign person certificate) or W-9 (a U.S. person certificate), as appropriate, any forms requested 
by the General Partner to comply with the Partnership's obligations under Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or any guidance or regulations promulgated 
pursuant to such Code Sections), and the forms of any other national, provincial, state, local or 
other taxing authority, and shall cooperate with the General Partner upon its request in order to 
maintain appropriate records and provide for withholding amounts under applicable tax laws, if 
any, relating to the Investor's Interest in the Partnership, and, further, in the event that the 
Investor fails to provide such information and/or forms, the General Partner, the Partnership and 
their respective direct or indirect partners, members, managers, officers, directors, employees, 
agents, service providers and their Affiliates shall have no obligation or liability to the Investor 
with respect to any tax matters or obligations that may be assessed against the Investor or its 
beneficial owners. The Investor expressly acknowledges that such tax forms and withholding 
information may be provided to any withholding agent that has control, receipt or custody of the 
income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can disburse 
or make payments of the income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner. Notwithstanding 
anything in this Agreement or in the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, the Investor hereby 
waives the application of any non-U.S. law to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership 
or the General Partner from reporting to the IRS and/or the U.S. Treasury any information 
required to be reported pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any 
guidance or regulations promulgated pursuant to such Code Sections) with respect to the Investor 
or its beneficial owners. 
12. 
General. This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) shall survive the admission 
of the Investor as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (iii) shall not be assignable by the 
Investor without the prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the Investor 
consists of more than one person or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons 
or entities. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an 
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts 
may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature 
complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., 
I or other 
transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and 
validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. This Agreement shall be governed 
by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its conflict of laws principles). 
Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, 
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without 
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or 
affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any 
EFTA00806049
--- PAGE 15 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
other jurisdiction. Captions and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference 
only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
* 
* 
* 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING 
LIMITED PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE AND EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL 
PARTNER 
EFTA00806050
--- PAGE 16 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
LIMITED PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned executes this Agreement and acknowledges 
by its signature below that it (i) has reviewed this Agreement and such additional information it 
deems appropriate in connection with its investment in the Partnership, and (ii) agrees to be 
bound by the terms hereof on the date first set forth above. Upon acceptance below by the 
General Partner, the undersigned shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership. 
Subscription 
Amount of Interest Purchased: 
(Print or Type Name of the Investor) 
(Sign Below): 
Social Security or 
By: 
Federal Tax Identification No.: 
(Name) 
(Title, if applicable) 
Typed or printed name and address 
of the Investor: 
Telephone No.: 
Email address: 
Preferred method for receiving 
communications: 
K Email 
EI Mail 
Specify address if different from prior column: 
Type of Entity (e.g. individual, 
corporation, estate, trust, partnership, tax 
exempt organization, nominee, custodian): 
EFTA00806051
--- PAGE 17 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
The General Partner for and on behalf of the Partnership hereby accepts the foregoing 
subscription either for: (a) the amount of Interest set forth below, which will be equal to or less 
than the amount offered by the Limited Partner above, or (b) if left blank, then the Limited 
Partner's entire offered amount of Interest set forth next to the Limited Partner's signature above. 
Amount of Interest: $ 
NEOTENY 4 GP, LLC 
By: 
Name: Joichi Ito 
Title: Manager 
EFTA00806052
--- PAGE 18 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
LIMITED PARTNER CONTACT INFORMATION 
Please complete the following information for each individual who will receive notices and other 
communications from the Partnership or the General Partner (and attach additional pages, if necessary): 
Name: 
Authorized to receive: (Check all that apply) 
Primary or CC 
Title: 
Annual and Quarterly Reports 
Address: 
Capital Call Notices 
Stock Distribution Notices 
Cash Distribution 
K-I Statements 
Legal Documents 
Phone: 
Email: 
Name: 
Title: 
Address: 
Phone: 
Email: 
Authorized to receive: (Check all that apply) 
Annual and Quarterly Reports 
Capital Call Notices 
Stock Distribution Notices 
Cash Distribution 
K-I Statements 
Legal Documents 
Primary or CC 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
Distribution information — Please check one: 
O I prefer to have distributions wired to the following financial institution: 
Bank Name: 
Bank ABA #: 
Swift Code*:  
For Further Credit to:  
City/State/Country: 
Account Name: 
Account Name:  
Account #:  
Account #:  
O I prefer to receive distributions by check. 
*Required for U.S. dollar wire transfer to non-U.S. banks. Please contact your bank for more 
information. 
EFTA00806053
--- PAGE 19 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Exhibit A 
U.S. PERSON STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that he, she or it is correctly and in all respects described by 
the category or categories set forth below. 
A. 
The Investor is a U.S. Person because the Investor is an entity that falls within one of the following 
categories of a "U.S. Person" set forth in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act: 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
A natural person resident in the United States of America, its territories and possessions, 
any state of the United States, or the District of Columbia (the "United States"). 
A partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States. 
An estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. Person, unless the estate is 
governed by non•U.S. law and an executor or administrator who is not a U.S. Person has 
sole or shared investment discretion with respect to the assets of the estate. 
A trust of which any trustee is a U.S. Person, unless a trustee who is not a U.S. Person has 
sole or shared investment discretion with respect to the trust assets and no beneficiary of 
the trust (and no settlor if the trust is revocable) is a U.S. Person. 
An agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States. 
A non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a 
dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. Person. 
A discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary organized, incorporated or (if an individual) resident in the United States 
unless such account is held for the benefit or account of a non•U.S. Person. 
A partnership or corporation if: 
• 
organized or incorporated under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, and 
• 
formed by a U.S. Person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not 
registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and 
owned, by "accredited investors" (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act) 
who are not natural persons, estates or trusts. 
A-1 
EFTA00806054
--- PAGE 20 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
B. 
The Investor is not a U.S. Person because: 
The Investor (all must apply): 
I. 
is an agency or branch or agency of a U.S. Person located outside the 
United States; and 
2. 
is operating for valid business reasons; and 
3. 
is engaged in the business of insurance and banking, and is subject to 
substantive insurance or banking regulation, respectively, in the 
jurisdiction where it is located. 
K 
The Investor is an employee benefit plan established and administered in accordance with 
the law of a country other than the United States and customary practices and 
documentation of such country. 
K 
The Investor is the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, the Inter•American Development Bank, the Asian 
Development Bank, the African Development Bank, the United Nations, or such 
organization's agency, affiliate or pension plan, or any other similar international 
organization, or such organization's agency, affiliate or pension plan. 
K 
The Investor does not fall into any of the categories of U.S. Persons set forth in 
(A) above. 
C. 
If the Investor has indicated that it is not a U.S. Person in Part (B) above, the Investor represents that: 
(i) it executed this Subscription Agreement outside of the United States; (ii) it is not acquiring 
the Interest for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person; and (iii) neither the General Partner. 
the Partnership nor any Person acting on their behalf has made any offer or sale of an Interest 
in the United States to the Investor. 
A-2 
EFTA00806055
--- PAGE 21 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Exhibit B 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that he, she or it is correctly and in all respects described by 
the category or categories set forth below. 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a natural person whose net worth, either individually or jointly with such 
person's spouse, at the time of purchase. exceeds $1,000,000 (exclusive of the value of the 
Investor's primary residence). 
The Investor is a natural person who had individual income in excess of $200,000, or joint 
income with that person's spouse in excess of $300,000, in the previous two calendar years and 
reasonably expects to reach the same income level in the current calendar year. 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other organization 
described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, or Massachusetts or similar 
business trust, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest, with total assets in 
excess of $5,000.000. 
The Investor is an entity which falls within one of the following categories of accredited 
investor set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act: 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
A bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings and loan 
association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities 
Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity. 
A broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the Exchange Act. 
An insurance company as defined in Section 2(a)(13) of the Securities Act. 
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act or a 
business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of that Act. 
A Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business 
Administration under Section 30I(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment 
Act of 1958. 
Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any 
agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of 
its employees, if such a plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000. 
B- I 
EFTA00806056
--- PAGE 22 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
CI 
Any private business development company as defined in Section 202(aX22) of 
the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. 
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, savings 
and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment adviser, or if 
the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000, or, if a self. 
directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons that are 
accredited investors as described in one or more of the categories set forth in this 
Exhibit. 
K 
Any trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated 
person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation D. 
K 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors as described 
in one or more of the categories set forth in this Exhibit. 
B-2 
EFTA00806057
--- PAGE 23 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Exhibit C 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that he, she or it is correctly and in all respects described by 
the category or categories set forth below. 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act 
as a result of: 
K 
(I) 
K 
(2) 
K 
(3) 
K 
(4) 
K 
(5) 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a natural person (including a person who will hold a joint, 
community property or similar shared ownership interest in the Partnership with 
that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments.' 
The Investor is a company2 that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,' (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons, the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed for the 
specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
The Investor is a trust2 not covered by Item 2 of this Exhibit C that was not 
formed for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other 
person authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each settlor or 
other person who has contributed assets to the trust is a person described in 
Item (1) or (2) above or Item (4) below. 
The Investor is either (x) a natural person or company2 acting for its own 
account or the accounts of other qualified purchasers, that in the aggregate owns 
and invests on a discretionary basis not less than $25,000.000 in investments and 
that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest or (y) a 
qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) of Rule 144A 
promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of Rule 2a51-
1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
The Investor is a company all of the securities of which are beneficially owned 
by "qualified purchasers." 
OR 
For definition of "investments," see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a corporation, partnership, 
association, joint stock company, trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether incorporated or not. If the 
Investor is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph ( I) or (7) of Section 3(c) of the 
Investment Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment company"), all beneficial 
owners of its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper), determined in accordance with Section 3(c)(1)(A) 
on the Investment Company Act, that acquired such securities on or before April 30, 1996 (as "pm-amendment 
beneficial owners"), and all pm amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding securities (other than short-term 
paper) of any excepted investment company that, directly or indirectly owns any outstanding securities of such 
excepted investment company, have consented to its treatment as a qualified purchaser. See Rule 2a51-2(e) 
promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
C-1 
EFTA00806058
--- PAGE 24 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
B. 
K 
The Investor is not a "qualified purchaser" as described in any of the above 
categories. 
C. 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other 
organization, please check the appropriate box in response to each question. 
(I) The Investor is not (i) an "investment company" as defined in the Investment Company Act 
or (ii) an entity which would be an "investment company" as defined in the Investment 
Company Act but for the exceptions provided for in Section 3(c)(1) and Section 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
(2) Assuming the Investor holds less than 10% of the interests in the Partnership, the Investor 
constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)( I) of the Investment Company Act. 
True 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(3) Assuming the Investors holds 10% or more of the interests in the Partnership, the Investor 
constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(I) of the Investment Company Act. 
True 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(4) The Investor's stockholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners, if any, have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non•participation in the purchase of the Interest 
and will have no individual discretion as to their participation or non•participation in particular 
investments made by the Partnership. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
(5) The Investor was not organized or recapitalized (and is not to be recapitalized) for the 
specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, 
"recapitalized" includes, without limitation, new investments made in the Investor solely for the 
purpose of financing the Investor's acquisition of the Interest and not made pursuant to a prior 
financial commitment. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
C-2 
EFTA00806059
--- PAGE 25 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Exhibit D 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
1. 
The undersigned Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"), that is subject to Title I of ERISA; or (ii) a "plan" within the meaning of 
Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Internal 
Revenue Code. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
2. 
The undersigned Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person or entity the 
underlying assets of which are -plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
K 
Yes. 
The Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of interests in 
the Investor held by benefits plan investors, determined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
%. 
K 
No. 
None of the Investor's assets are -plan assets" within the meaning of 
Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE FOREGOING 
REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, THE INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE 
PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
3. 
The undersigned Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "governmental plan," within the 
meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a governmental 
plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to applicable state or local law governing 
governmental plans. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
4. 
The undersigned Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under Section 410(d) of 
the Internal Revenue Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which 
such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a church plan holds an interest 
sufficient to subject the entity to the rules and policies governing the sponsoring church. 
Yes 
No 
5. 
The undersigned Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, an "employee benefit plan" which is 
organized outside of the United States. 
Yes 
No 
6. 
If the Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor represents and warrants that, 
except as otherwise disclosed to the Partnership in a supplemental sheet(s) attached to this 
Exhibit D, the participants in such employee benefit plan or plan are not permitted to self-direct 
investments. 
D-1 
EFTA00806060
--- PAGE 26 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
If a supplemental sheet(s) is attached, the Investor has checked the following box. 
K 
7. 
If the undersigned Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor hereby represents 
and warrants to and agrees with the Partnership that: 
(a) 
The decision to invest assets of the Investor in the Partnership was made by fiduciaries 
independent of the General Partner and any placement agent, which parties are duly 
authorized to make such investment decisions and who have not relied on any advice or 
recommendation of the General Partner, any placement agent or any of their respective 
partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives 
or Affiliates; 
(b) 
(c) 
None of the General Partner, any placement agent or any of their respective employees, 
representatives, agents or Affiliates has exercised any discretionary authority or control 
with respect to the Investor's investment in the Partnership, nor have the General 
Partner, any placement agent or any of their respective partners, members, employees, 
stockholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives or Affiliates rendered 
individualized investment advice to the Investor based upon the Investor's investment 
policies or strategy, overall portfolio composition or diversification; and 
The terms of the Partnership Agreement, including all exhibits and attachments thereto, 
comply with the Investor's governing instruments and applicable laws governing the 
Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General Partner in writing of any 
changes in any governing law or any regulations or interpretations thereunder affecting 
the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or obligations of the Partnership, the General 
Partner or any of their respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, 
directors, agents or Affiliates. 
D-2 
EFTA00806061
--- PAGE 27 ---
Exhibit E 
PRIVACY NOTICE 
This Privacy Notice explains the manner in which we collect, utilize and maintain nonpublic personal 
information about our Limited Partners. This Privacy Notice applies only to Limited Partners who are individuals. 
We are committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the confidentiality and security of your 
personal information. We are sending you this Privacy Notice to help you understand how we handle the personal 
information about you that we collect and how we use that information. 
Categories of Information We Collect and May Disclose 
We use the personal information collected about you in order to provide you with better service or to 
comply with law and regulations. We may collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following 
sources: 
• 
Investor Questionnaires, the Partnership Agreement or other forms (for example, name, address, Social 
Security number, assets and income); 
• 
Ownership records of the Partnership (such as the amount of your percentage ownership interest and 
any capital commitment); and 
• 
Other interactions with us or our affiliates (such as discussions or other contacts with agents of the 
Partnership via telephone, written correspondence, and electronic media). 
We may disclose nonpublic personal information we collect about you to our affiliates (including those 
who are involved in the operation, administration or management of, or the sale of interests in the Partnership) and 
nonaffiliated service providers, only as permitted by law and regulations. For example, we may share nonpublic 
personal information about you in the following situations: 
• 
In connection with the administration and operations of the Partnership, including disclosure to 
attorneys, accountants, auditors, administrators, or companies that assist us with mailing statements or 
processing your transactions, or other professionals; 
• 
To broker-dealers, custodians and transfer agents to facilitate in-kind distributions of portfolio 
securities; 
• 
To respond to a subpoena or court order, judicial process or regulatory inquiry; and 
• 
At your direction or with your consent, including upon your authorization to disclose such information 
to persons acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity on your behalf. 
We may also share your personal information with other providers of services necessary or convenient to 
the formation, operation or dissolution of the Partnership. Finally, as required or permitted by the Partnership 
Agreement, we may distribute to all partners in the Partnership certain personal financial information, such as 
capital account information and various schedules to the Partnership Agreement. 
The information of our former Limited Partners, if any, is treated in the same manner as the information of 
our current Limited Partners. 
E-1 
EFTA00806062
--- PAGE 28 ---
Confidentiality and Security 
We consider the protection of sensitive information to be a sound business practice and a foundation of 
customer trust. We protect personal information we collect about you by maintaining physical, electronic and 
procedural safeguards. We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees or agents 
of the Partnership who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. 
Further Information 
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time. This notice complies with United States 
federal law regarding privacy. You may have additional rights under other foreign or domestic laws that may apply 
to you. 
* 
* 
* 
E-2 
EFTA00806063
--- PAGE 29 ---
Exhibit F 
OFAC AND ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING COMPLIANCE 
With respect to Investors who are natural persons: 
(i) for U.S. persons, a social security or taxpayer identification number; and 
(ii) for non-U.S. persons, a taxpayer identification number or one or more of the following: 
• 
passport number and country of issuance; 
• 
alien identification card number; or 
• 
number and country of issuance of any other government-issued document evidencing nationality or 
residence and bearing a photograph or similar safeguard. 
In addition, for both U.S. and non-U.S. persons, a government-issued photo identification (e.g., passport, driver's 
license) is to be obtained and a copy is to be kept on file. 
With respect to Investors that are entities: 
• 
Organization and formation documents of the entity; and 
• 
If not stated in the organization and formation documents, the names of the legal beneficial owners (if 
applicable) and the names and locations of individuals authorized to act for the entity. 
F- I 
EFTA00806064

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806065.pdf
----------------------------------------
NEOTENY 4, LP 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION MATERIALS 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INVESTORS 
If you are interested in purchasing a limited partner interest in Neoteny 4, LP (the 
- Partnership"), please complete (and do not date) all applicable signature pages and 
exhibits of the Subscription Agreement as indicated below. In addition, please complete 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") tax withholding form applicable to you. 
Please return all materials to Danielle Prague at the following address: 
Prague & Company, P.C. 
Walnut Street, Suite 150 
Wellesley, MA 02481 
All materials should also be emailed to Danielle Prague at 
with a copy to Jeremy Heckman of Barack Ferrazzano 
Kirschbaum and Nagelberg LLP at 
Please direct any questions regarding this Subscri tion A reement and/or the 
Partnership 
to 
Danielle 
Prague 
at 
(email: 
or Jeremy 
ec rman at 
(email: 
NOTE: PLEASE DO NOT DATE ANY SIGNATURE PAGES AND PLEASE BE SURE 
TO COMPLETE ALL EXHIBITS (A THROUGH D). Investors also need to complete and 
sign the appropriate U.S. federal income tax withholding form W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-
E, W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each with explanatory instructions published by the 
IRS). 
EFTA00806065
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
NEOTENY 4, LP 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
April 8, 2018 
Neoteny 4, LP 
c/o Neoteny 4 GP, LW 
c/o Prague & Company, M. 
Walnut Street, Suite 150 
Wellesley, MA 02481 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
Reference is made to (i) the Summary of Terms, including all supplements thereto, if any 
(the "Summary"), of Neoteny 4, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"); (ii) the 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Partnership (the "Partnership 
Agreement"), by and among Neoteny 4 GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the 
sole general partner of the Partnership (the "General Partner"), and the Limited Partners named 
on the List of Partners maintained by the Partnership, in each case, as furnished to the 
undersigned with respect to the offering of a limited partner interest in the Partnership (the 
"Interest") to the undersigned; and (iii) this Limited Partner Subscription Agreement (this 
"Agreement"), by and between the General Partner, as general partner of the Partnership, and 
the undersigned. The Summary, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Offering Materials." Capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein 
shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Partnership Agreement. 
The undersigned subscribing investor (the "Investor") hereby subscribes and agrees as 
follows: 
1. 
Subscription for a Limited Partner Interest. Subject to the terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement and in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor agrees (i) to purchase 
from the Partnership an Interest in the amount set forth on the signature page below (except to 
the extent that an Interest in a lesser amount has been accepted by the General Partner pursuant 
to Section 9) at a purchase price equal to 100% of such Interest, payable in the manner and at the 
times as set forth in the Partnership Agreement, (ii) to become a party to and be bound by the 
Partnership Agreement and (iii) to become a Limited Partner of the Partnership. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby represents 
and warrants to, and agrees with, the Partnership and the General Partner as follows: 
(a) 
Suitability. 
THE INVESTOR HAS READ CAREFULLY AND 
UNDERSTANDS THE OFFERING MATERIALS AND HAS CONSULTED ITS OWN 
ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT, TAX ADVISER AND/OR INVESTMENT ADVISER WITH 
RESPECT TO THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND ITS SUITABILITY 
FOR THE INVESTOR. 
ANY SPECIFIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT SET FORTH BELOW 
WITH RESPECT TO ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS 
EFTA00806066
--- PAGE 3 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO LIMIT THE GENERALITY OF THIS REPRESENTATION 
AND WARRANTY. 
(b) 
Opportunity to Verify Information. 
The Investor acknowledges that 
representatives of the Partnership have made available to the Investor, during the course of this 
transaction and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to ask questions of and 
receive answers from them concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Interests 
described in the Offering Materials, and to obtain any additional information necessary to verify 
the information contained in the Offering Materials or otherwise relative to the proposed 
activities of the Partnership or to otherwise evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Partnership. 
(c) 
Purchase for Investment. The Investor understands and agrees: (i) that the 
Investor must bear the economic risk of its investment until the termination of the Partnership; 
(ii) that the Interest has not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or under the applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction, 
and, therefore, cannot be resold or otherwise disposed of unless it is subsequently registered 
under the Securities Act or such other applicable securities laws, unless an exemption from such 
registration is available; (iii) that the Partnership is not being registered as an "investment 
company" as the term "investment company" is defined in Section 3(a) of the United States 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"); (iv) that the 
Investor is purchasing the Interest for its own account and without a view towards distribution 
thereof; (v) that the Investor shall not resell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the Interest 
purchased by the Investor, except as permitted by law, including without limitation, any 
regulations under the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws, and any and all 
applicable provisions of the Partnership Agreement; (vi) that the transfer of the Interest by the 
Investor and the admission and substitution of another Limited Partner for the Investor are 
restricted by the terms of the Partnership Agreement and the Securities Act; (vii) that the General 
Partner does not have any intention of registering the Partnership as an "investment company" 
under the Investment Company Act or of registering the Interest under the Securities Act or of 
supplying the information that may be necessary to enable the Investor to sell, transfer or 
otherwise dispose of the Interest; and (viii) that Rule 144 under the Securities Act is unlikely to 
be available as a basis for exemption from registration of the Interest in connection with the sale, 
transfer or other disposition of all or a portion of the Interest. The Investor understands that there 
is no public or other market for the Interest, and it is not anticipated that such a market will ever 
develop. The Investor further understands that for the foregoing reasons, the Investor will be 
required to retain ownership of the Interest and bear the economic risk of this investment for an 
indefinite period of time. The Investor is aware and acknowledges that: (i) the Partnership has 
no financial or operating history; (ii) the General Partner and Neoteny Management, LLC (which 
is an Affiliate of the General Partner) will receive substantial compensation in connection with 
the management of the Partnership; and (iii) the Investor is not entitled to cancel, terminate or 
revoke its subscription in the Partnership nor any of the powers and authority conferred herein 
and in the Partnership Agreement to the Partnership and/or the General Partner. The Investor 
acknowledges that the Investor has read, and understands and agrees to, the risk factors 
contained in the Summary. 
(d) 
Full Contribution. The Investor understands that, except as otherwise 
provided in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor may not make less than the full amount of 
EFTA00806067
--- PAGE 4 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
any required capital contribution in respect of such Investor's Interest, and that default provisions 
with respect thereto, pursuant to which the Investor may suffer substantial adverse consequences 
(including, but not limited to, the loss of all or a material portion of its investment in the 
Partnership), are contained in the Partnership Agreement. 
(e) 
Exhibits. 
The Investor has carefully reviewed Exhibits A through F 
attached hereto and completed Exhibits A through D. 
The Investor makes each of the 
representations set forth in Exhibits A through D and such representations are true and correct in 
all respects. 
(0 
No Need for Liquidity. 
The Investor has no need for liquidity in 
connection with its purchase of the Interest, and is able to bear the risk of loss of its entire 
investment in the Interest. The Investor understands that its investment in the Interest may result 
in the complete loss of such investment. 
(g) 
Investment Objectives and Advice. The purchase of the Interest by the 
Investor is consistent with the general investment objectives of the Investor. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges that it has not relied on the General Partner or any of its partners or Affiliates for 
investment advice with respect to an investment in the Partnership. 
(h) 
Securities Laws. The Investor understands that the offer and sale of the 
Interest in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Investor further understands that 
neither this Agreement nor any of the other Offering Materials constitute an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy an Interest in a state or other jurisdiction to any Person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. The Investor received 
the Offering Materials and first learned of the Partnership in the country, territory, state or other 
jurisdiction identified in the address of the Investor set forth on the Investor's signature page 
hereto, and intends that the securities laws of that country, territory, state or other jurisdiction 
alone shall govern the offer and sale of the Interest to the Investor. If the Investor is not a 
resident of the United States, the Investor understands that it is the responsibility of the Investor 
to satisfy himself or itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant country, territory, 
state or jurisdiction outside of the United States in connection with the offer, purchase and sale 
of the Interest, including obtaining any required governmental or other consent and observing 
any other applicable legal, regulatory or other similar formalities. This offering does not 
constitute an offer of the Interest to the public and no action has been or will be taken to permit a 
public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. The Investor 
understands that no governmental agency or authority has passed upon or will pass upon the 
offer or sale of the Interest or has made or will make any finding or determination as to the 
fairness of this investment. The Investor: (i) if an individual, represents on his or her behalf; or 
(ii) if a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company, entity or other organization or 
association, represents on its behalf and the behalf of its officers, directors, managers, general 
partners and principal stockholders or equityholders, connected with the Investor as of the date 
hereof, that it is not subject to any "bad actor" disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to 
(viii) under the Securities Act (a "Disqualifying Event"), except for a Disqualifying Event 
covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (dX3) under the Securities Act. 
(i) 
Investment Company Act Representations. Except as otherwise disclosed 
to the Partnership in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be acknowledged 
EFTA00806068
--- PAGE 5 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
by the General Partner and 
Investor is a corporation, 
organization or association: 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), if the 
trust, partnership, limited liability company, entity or other 
The Investor was not, or will not be, formed or "recapitalized" (as 
defined below in this Section 2(i)) for the specific purpose of 
acquiring the Interest; 
The Investor's stockholders, partners or other beneficial owners 
have no individual discretion as to their participation or non-
participation in the purchase of the Interest and will have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in 
particular investments made by the Partnership; 
The Investor has not and will not invest more than 40% of its 
"committed capital" (as defined below in this Section 2(i)) in any 
single entity, including the Partnership); 
If the Investor is contributing 10% or more of the total capital to be 
contributed by the Limited Partners to the Partnership, either (i) all 
of the outstanding securities (other than short-term paper) of such 
Investor are beneficially owned by one natural person, or (ii) such 
investor is not an "investment company" under Section 3(a) of the 
Investment Company Act or an entity which would be an 
"investment company" but for the exception provided for in 
Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act; 
The Investor's ownership of the Interest will constitute beneficial 
ownership by "one person" for purposes of determining the 
number of persons who beneficially own securities of the 
Partnership for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment 
Company Act; and 
(6) 
The Investor has not been formed or used to circumvent the 
provisions of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Interest 
held by the Investor will be held of record by one person within the 
meaning of the Exchange Act Rule 12g5-1. 
For purposes of this Section 2(i), the following definitions shall apply: "committed 
capital" includes all amounts which have been contributed to the Investor by its shareholders, 
partners or other equity holders plus all amounts which such persons remain obligated to 
contribute to it; and the term "recapitalized" shall include new investments made in the Investor 
solely for the purpose of financing its acquisition of the Interest and not made pursuant to a prior 
financial commitment. 
(j) 
Power and Authority; No Conflicts. If the Investor is a corporation, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity, organization or association: (i) it has the 
EFTA00806069
--- PAGE 6 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement; (ii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Investor has been duly 
authorized to execute this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement; and (iii) such execution, 
delivery and performance by the Investor of such agreements do not violate, or conflict with, the 
terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound. If 
the Investor is an individual, the Investor has all requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the 
Interest and to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement and to perform 
its obligations hereunder and thereunder. This Agreement has been duly executed by the 
Investor and constitutes, and the Partnership Agreement, when the Investor is admitted as a 
Limited Partner, will constitute, valid and legally binding agreements of the Investor enforceable 
against the Investor in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor has obtained all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of government authorities and other persons or 
entities required to be obtained in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement 
and the Partnership Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(k) 
Knowledge and Experience. The Investor and its purchaser representative 
(if any) currently have, and (unless the Investor has a purchaser representative) the Investor had 
immediately prior to receipt of any offer regarding the Partnership, such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an 
investment in the Partnership. 
(1) 
Purchaser Representative. 
If the Investor has utilized a purchaser 
representative, the Investor has previously given the Partnership notice in writing of such fact 
(which shall be acknowledged by the General Partner in writing), specifying that such 
representative would be acting as the Investor's "purchaser representative" as defined in 
Rule 501(h) of Regulation D under the Securities Act ("Regulation D"). 
(m) 
No View to Tax Benefits. The Investor is not acquiring the Interest with a 
view to realizing any benefits under any tax law, including, but not limited to, United States 
federal income tax laws, and no representations have been made to the Investor that any such 
benefits will be available as a result of the Investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of the 
Interest. 
(n) 
Publicly Traded Partnership. The following representations are included 
with the intention of enabling the Partnership to qualify for the benefit of a "safe harbor" under 
U.S. Treasury Regulations from treatment of the Partnership as an entity subject to corporate 
income tax. The Investor either 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for 
United States federal income tax purposes; or 
(2) 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for 
United States federal income tax purposes, and (i) at no time 
during the term of the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of 
any beneficial owner's direct or indirect interest in the Investor be 
attributable to the Investor's interests in the Partnership, (ii) less 
than 65% of the value of the Investor is attributable to the 
Investor's interests in the Partnership, and (iii) permitting the 
EFTA00806070
--- PAGE 7 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set forth in 
Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations is not a 
principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Investor or of any 
person authorized to act on the Investor's behalf, for using the 
tiered arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.7704-1(hX3)(ii). 
(o) 
Status as Disregarded Entity. Unless the Investor has notified the General 
Partner in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be acknowledged by the 
General Partner and shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), the Investor is 
not disregarded as an entity separate from its owner within the meaning of U.S. Treasury 
Regulation Section 301.7701-2(c)(2)(i) (a "Disregarded Entity"). If the Investor has notified 
the General Partner in writing that it is a Disregarded Entity, then the sole owner of the Investor 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the "Sole Owner") represents as follows: 
(1) 
the Sole Owner either: 
(A) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for 
United States federal income tax purposes; or 
(B) 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for 
United States federal income tax purposes, and (x) at no time during the 
term of the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial 
owner's direct or indirect interest in the Sole Owner be attributable to the 
Sole Owner's interests in the Partnership, (y) less than 65% of the value 
of the Sole Owner is attributable to the Sole Owner's interests in the 
Partnership, and (z) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner 
limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury 
Regulations is not a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Sole 
Owner, or of any person authorized to act on the Sole Owner's behalf, for 
using the tiered arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)(ii). 
(2) 
The Sole Owner will not transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any 
part of its economic or beneficial interest in (or any rights with respect to) the 
Investor or the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of 
the Partnership Agreement as if the Sole Owner were a direct Limited Partner of 
the Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partner interest in the 
Partnership. 
(p) 
No Borrowings. 
The Investor has not borrowed any portion of its 
contribution to the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, the General 
Partner, or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
(q) 
Partnership Counsel Does Not Represent the Investors. The Investor 
understands and acknowledges that Barack Ferrazzano Kirschbaum and Nagelberg LLP 
("BFKN") represents only the Partnership and the General Partner and certain of their respective 
Affiliates, and not the Investor, in connection with the formation of the Partnership and the sale 
EFTA00806071
--- PAGE 8 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
of the Interest, and that the Investor should consult its own legal and tax advisers in connection 
therewith. The Investor also understands that no independent counsel has been retained to 
represent the Limited Partners. The Investor acknowledges that BFKN has not independently 
verified any factual assertions made in the Summary and is not responsible for the Partnership's 
compliance with its investment program or applicable law. The Investor represents that it has 
not relied upon BFKN's participation in the preparation of the Offering Materials or its 
representation of the parties named above in connection with its investment in the Partnership. 
(r) 
Privacy Notice. If the Investor is a natural person, he or she acknowledges 
receipt of the notice attached hereto as Exhibit E regarding the privacy of consumer financial 
information pursuant to the privacy rules promulgated by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 
and the SEC under section 504 of the U.S. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the "Privacy Rules"), and 
agrees that the Interest is a financial product that the Investor has requested and authorized. In 
accordance with the Privacy Rules, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership 
may disclose nonpublic personal information of the Investor to the Partnership's accountants, 
attorneys and other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Partnership and its partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may be required by 
applicable law, rule or regulation. 
(s) 
Nominees and Custodians. The Investor shall promptly notify the General 
Partner in writing (which shall be acknowledged by the General Partner in writing) if the 
Investor is acting as nominee, custodian or other type of agent (whether disclosed or 
undisclosed). If the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian for another person, entity or 
organization in connection with the purchase or holding of the Interest, the undersigned has so 
indicated on its signature page hereto. The representations and warranties contained in this 
Section 2 regarding the "Investor" are true and accurate with regard to each person, entity or 
other organization for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian. 
Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the representations and warranties regarding the status of 
the Investor in Exhibits A through D are true with respect to, and accurately describe, each 
person, entity or organization for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian. Each 
person, entity or organization for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian will 
not Transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of its economic or beneficial interest in 
(or any other rights with respect to) the Interest without complying with all of the applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement (including seeking the consent of the General Partner to 
any such transfer) as if such person, entity or organization were a direct Limited Partner of the 
Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partner interest in the Partnership. If the 
undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian for another person, entity or organization, the 
undersigned agrees to provide such other information as the General Partner may reasonably 
request regarding the undersigned and the person, entity or organization for which the 
undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian in order to determine the eligibility of the Investor 
to purchase the Interest. 
(t) 
Final Form. The Investor understands and acknowledges that his, her or 
its purchase of an Interest in the Partnership shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement and the Partnership Agreement, in each case in the definitive form as shall be 
executed by the parties hereto and thereto, and as the same may be amended from time to time in 
accordance with their respective terms. The Investor further understands and acknowledges that 
EFTA00806072
--- PAGE 9 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
the definitive form of the Partnership Agreement may have terms and conditions different from 
those disclosed originally in the Summary. 
(u) 
No General Solicitation or General Advertisement. 
The Investor 
acknowledges that it is not purchasing an Interest as a result of or subsequent to (i) any 
advertisement, article, notice or other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or 
similar media (including any internet site that is not password protected) or broadcast over 
television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting whose attendees, including the Investor, had 
been invited as a result of, subsequent to or pursuant to the foregoing. 
(v) 
OFAC and Anti-Money Laundering. The Investor hereby acknowledges 
that the Partnership seeks to comply with all applicable sanctions imposed under the laws, 
regulations or executive orders administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury Department's 
Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), pursuant to 31 C.F.R. Sub. B, Chap. V ("OFAC 
Sanctions") and all other applicable laws concerning money laundering and related activities. In 
furtherance of those efforts, the Investor, on behalf of itself, its "controlling parties" (as defined 
below in this Section 2(v)) and any disclosed or undisclosed principal for which the Investor is 
acting as a nominee or other type of agent, certifies, based on appropriate diligence and 
investigation, that: 
(i) 
it and any such controlling party and disclosed or undisclosed 
principal or any other person or entity of whom it is acting on 
behalf is not named on any prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. 
government, including, but not limited to, the OFAC list of 
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons; 
(ii) 
it and any such controlling party and disclosed or undisclosed 
principal or any other person or entity of whom it is acting on 
behalf is not otherwise the target of any OFAC Sanctions; 
(iii) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or 
will contribute to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, 
or related to, any activity that is prohibited under the OFAC 
Sanctions, and no cash, property or item of value that Investor 
receives from the Partnership will be used in any transaction or 
manner that is prohibited under the OFAC Sanctions; 
(iv) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or 
will contribute to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, 
or related to, any activity that is deemed criminal under United 
States law; and 
(v) 
no contribution or payment by the Investor to the Partnership, to 
the extent that they are within the Investor's control, shall cause 
the Partnership or the General Partner to be in violation of the 
United States Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, or any regulation 
issued thereunder; the criminal money laundering provisions set 
EFTA00806073
--- PAGE 10 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
forth in Title 18 of the United States Code; or the OFAC 
Sanctions. 
For purposes of this Section 2(v), "controlling party" means any person or entity who owns more 
than 50% of the economic interest in another person or entity or controls the board of directors or 
similar governing body, the day-to-day operations or material business decisions of such other 
person or entity. 
The Investor agrees to promptly provide to the General Partner any additional information 
regarding the Investor or its beneficial owners that the General Partner deems necessary or 
convenient to ensure compliance with all applicable laws concerning money laundering and 
similar activities, including without limitation the information described in Exhibit F. The 
Investor understands and agrees that if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing 
representations are incorrect, or if otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or 
administrative pronouncement related to money laundering and similar activities, the General 
Partner may undertake appropriate actions to ensure compliance with applicable laws, 
regulations and administrative pronouncements, including, but not limited to those actions 
described in the Partnership Agreement. The Investor further understands that the Partnership or 
General Partner may release confidential information about the Investor and, if applicable, any 
underlying beneficial owners, to proper authorities if the General Partner, in its sole discretion, 
determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership in light of relevant rules, regulations 
and administrative pronouncements under the laws set forth in this Section 2(v). 
(w) 
FOIA; Confidentiality. Except to the extent otherwise disclosed to the 
General Partner and acknowledged by the General Partner in writing prior to its admission to the 
Partnership, the Investor represents that it is not a FOIA Partner (as defined herein). The 
Investor agrees to provide prompt written notice to the General Partner if at any time during the 
term of the Partnership (i) it becomes a FOIA Partner, or (ii) it becomes aware of any reason, 
whether under law, regulation, policy or otherwise, that it or any of its equity holders will, or 
might become compelled to, use the Partnership Information other than as contemplated by 
Section 14.8(h) of the Partnership Agreement or disclose Partnership Information in violation of 
the confidentiality restrictions in Section 14.8(h) of the Partnership Agreement. For purposes of 
this Agreement, a "FOIA Partner" shall mean any Investor that is (A) directly or indirectly 
subject to either section 552(a) of Title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the 
"Freedom of Information Act") or any similar federal, state, county or municipal public 
disclosure law, whether foreign or domestic; (B) subject, by regulation, contract or otherwise, to 
disclose Partnership Information to a trading exchange or other market where interests in such 
person are sold or traded, whether foreign or domestic; (C) required to or will likely be required 
to disclose Partnership Information to a governmental body, agency or committee (including, 
without limitation, any disclosures required in accordance with the U.S. Ethics in Government 
Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any executive, legislative or judiciary 
organization), whether foreign or domestic, by virtue of such person's (or any of its Affiliate's) 
current or proposed involvement in government office; (D) an agent, nominee, fiduciary, 
custodian or trustee for any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) where 
Partnership Information provided or disclosed to such person by the Partnership or the General 
Partner is provided or could at any time become available to such person described by the 
preceding clauses (A) through (C); or (E) an investment fund or other entity that has any person 
described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) as a partner, member or other beneficial 
EFTA00806074
--- PAGE 11 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
owner where Partnership Information provided or disclosed to such person by or on behalf of the 
Partnership or the General Partner is disclosed to or could at any time become available to such 
person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C). 
(x) 
Compliance with FINRA Rules. 
If the Partnership or a Portfolio 
Company determines to invest in securities that are part of a "new issue" within the meaning of 
the rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") (including FINRA Rules 
5130 and 5131), the Investor agrees to timely provide to the General Partner upon request such 
information as may be necessary or appropriate, as determined by the General Partner, to enable 
the Partnership to comply with all applicable FINRA rules; including, without limitation, 
representations as to the Investor's "restricted person" status, FINRA affiliations and 
associations. The failure to timely respond to any such request by the General Partner may result 
in (i) the Investor's Interest being treated as held by a "restricted person" for purposes of FINRA 
Rule 5130, or as a person or account prohibited from receiving an allocation of shares of a new 
issue for purposes of Rule 5131, with no exemption to such rules applicable, and/or (ii) the 
Investor being excluded from receiving any allocation of income related to an investment in 
"new issue" securities. 
(y) 
Duty to Update. The foregoing representations and warranties of the 
Investor and any other information provided by the Investor in this Agreement are true and 
correct as of the date hereof, shall be true and correct as of the Investor's admission to the 
Partnership and as of the date of each capital contribution by the Investor to the Partnership. If, at 
any time during the term of the Partnership, any of the above representations or warranties 
becomes untrue or incorrect in any respect, the Investor shall promptly notify the General 
Partner. 
3. 
Closing and Capital Contributions. The closing of the sale and purchase of the 
Interest (the "Closing") shall take place on such date and time and at such place as shall be 
selected by the General Partner. The initial capital contribution for the purchase of the Investor's 
Interest as well as each additional capital contribution shall take place at such times and in the 
manner specified in the Partnership Agreement. 
4. 
Agreements with Other Limited Partners. The purchases of the Interest by the 
Investor and interests in the Partnership by the other Limited Partners are to be separate 
purchases from the Partnership and the sales of the Interest to the Investor and interests in the 
Partnership to the other Limited Partners are to be separate sales by the Partnership. This 
Agreement and the subscription agreements to be executed by such other Limited Partners are 
sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "Subscription Agreements." 
5. 
Representations and Warranties. The Partnership and the General Partner hereby 
represent and warrant to the Investor that at the time of the Closing: 
(a) 
Organization and Standing of the Partnership. The Partnership is duly 
organized and validly existing as a limited partnership under the Delaware Act and has all 
requisite power and authority under the Partnership Agreement and such law to enter into and 
carry out the terms of this Agreement, to conduct its activities as described in the Partnership 
Agreement, to issue and sell the Interest and to admit the Investor to the Partnership. Each of the 
Partnership and the General Partner is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing 
EFTA00806075
--- PAGE 12 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
in each jurisdiction in which the character of the business conducted by it makes such 
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a material 
adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Partnership. 
(b) 
Governmental and Regulatory Approval. 
Neither the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement, nor the offer or sale of the Interest, requires any material consent, 
approval or authorization from, or filing, registration or qualification with, any United States 
federal, state or local governmental or regulatory authority (including, without limitation, 
registration under the Securities Act), on the part of the Partnership, except for (i) compliance by 
the Partnership and the General Partner with the requirements of any applicable United States 
state securities ("Blue Sky") laws and (ii) filing by the Partnership of a Form D with the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
(c) 
Litigation. There are no actions, proceedings or investigations pending or, 
to the Partnership's knowledge, threatened, against the Partnership which have a substantial 
likelihood of resulting in a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or 
operations of the Partnership or in any material liability on the part of the Partnership. 
(d) 
Sale of the Interests. All action required to be taken by the General 
Partner and the Partnership as a condition to the sale of the Interest purchased by the Investor has 
been taken, and upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement, and the acceptance thereof by the General Partner, the Investor will be a Limited 
Partner of the Partnership entitled to all the benefits, and subject to all the obligations, of a 
Limited Partner under the Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act. 
(e) 
Certificate of Limited Partnership. A Certificate of Limited Partnership of 
the Partnership has been filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
(0 
Due Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and, assuming the due 
authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Investor, is a valid and legally binding 
obligation of the Partnership, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 
The 
Partnership Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the General Partner and, 
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Limited Partner, is a valid 
and legally binding obligation of the Partnership, enforceable against it in accordance with its 
terms. 
6. 
Power of Attorney. 
(a) 
The Investor hereby appoints the General Partner, and each person from 
time to time serving as a member, director or officer of the General Partner (collectively, the 
"Attorneys"), and each acting singly, as the Investor's agent and attorney-in-fact, in its name, 
place and stead, to make, execute, sign, acknowledge and deliver or file for and on behalf of the 
Investor, and in its name, place and stead (i) the Partnership Agreement substantially in the form 
provided to the Investor, and (ii) any other certificate, consent, or other instrument which may be 
required by law to be filed by the Partnership or the partners thereof under the laws of any 
country, territory, state or other jurisdiction, if the Attorney deems such filing necessary or 
EFTA00806076
--- PAGE 13 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
desirable, in each case said signature thereon on behalf of the Investor being conclusive evidence 
of the approval of the Investor of the terms thereof. 
(b) 
The foregoing grant of authority (1) is a special power of attorney deemed 
coupled with an interest in favor of the Attorney and as such shall be irrevocable and shall 
survive the death or disability of a Limited Partner that is a natural person or the merger, 
dissolution or other termination of the existence of a Limited Partner that is a corporation, 
association, partnership, limited liability company or trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment 
by the Limited Partner of the whole or any portion of its Interest, except that where the assignee 
of the whole thereof has furnished a power of attorney, this power of attorney shall survive such 
assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the Attorneys to execute, acknowledge and file any 
instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee for the assignor as a 
Limited Partner and shall thereafter terminate. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it and 
each other Limited Partner has executed this special power of attorney, and that each Limited 
Partner will rely on the effectiveness of such powers with a view to the orderly administration of 
the Partnership's affairs. 
7. 
Expenses. Each party hereto will pay its own expenses relating to this Agreement 
and the purchase of the Investor's Interest in the Partnership hereunder. 
8. 
Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, 
waived, discharged or terminated except with the written consent of the Investor and the General 
Partner. 
9. 
Rejection of Subscription. The Investor acknowledges that the subscription for 
the Interest contained herein may be reduced or rejected by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion at any time prior to the Closing. 
10. 
Additional Investor Information; Indemnity. The Investor understands that the 
information provided herein (including the exhibits hereto) will be relied upon by the Partnership 
and the General Partner for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase 
the Interest. The Investor agrees to provide, if requested, any additional information that may 
reasonably be required to determine the eligibility of the Investor to purchase or hold the Interest. 
The Investor represents and agrees that the information provided herein (including the exhibits 
hereto) regarding the Investor is true and correct as of the date it executes this Agreement and 
will be true and correct as of the Closing and as of the date of each capital contribution by the 
Investor to the Partnership. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if there should be 
any change in the information provided herein or in any exhibit or schedule hereto regarding the 
Investor prior to the Closing or at any time during the term of the Partnership, the Investor will 
immediately furnish revised or corrected information to the General Partner in writing. The 
Investor will furnish to the Partnership, upon request, any other information about the Investor 
reasonably determined by the General Partner to be necessary or convenient for the formation, 
operation, dissolution, winding-up or termination of the Partnership; provided that (A) such other 
information is in the Investor's possession or is available to the Investor without unreasonable 
effort or expense and (B) the Investor's obligations with respect to such other information shall 
not apply to information that the Investor is required by law or agreement to keep confidential. 
The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership, the General Partner, any 
Affiliate of the Partnership or the General Partner, and any director, officer, partner, member, 
EFTA00806077
--- PAGE 14 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
manager, employee, or agent of any such party against any loss, damage, or liability due to or 
arising out of a breach of any representation, warranty or agreement of the Investor contained in 
this Agreement (including the exhibits hereto) or in any other documents provided by the 
Investor to the Partnership or the General Partner in connection with the Investor's investment in 
the Partnership. 
11. 
Withholding Forms. The Investor represents, warrants and agrees that it will 
provide in a timely manner such information regarding the Investor and its beneficial owners and 
forms as requested by the General Partner, including a properly completed Internal Revenue 
Service ("IRS") Tax Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each, a 
foreign person certificate) or W-9 (a U.S. person certificate), as appropriate, any forms requested 
by the General Partner to comply with the Partnership's obligations under Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or any guidance or regulations promulgated 
pursuant to such Code Sections), and the forms of any other national, provincial, state, local or 
other taxing authority, and shall cooperate with the General Partner upon its request in order to 
maintain appropriate records and provide for withholding amounts under applicable tax laws, if 
any, relating to the Investor's Interest in the Partnership, and, further, in the event that the 
Investor fails to provide such information and/or forms, the General Partner, the Partnership and 
their respective direct or indirect partners, members, managers, officers, directors, employees, 
agents, service providers and their Affiliates shall have no obligation or liability to the Investor 
with respect to any tax matters or obligations that may be assessed against the Investor or its 
beneficial owners. The Investor expressly acknowledges that such tax forms and withholding 
information may be provided to any withholding agent that has control, receipt or custody of the 
income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can disburse 
or make payments of the income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner. Notwithstanding 
anything in this Agreement or in the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, the Investor hereby 
waives the application of any non-U.S. law to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership 
or the General Partner from reporting to the IRS and/or the U.S. Treasury any information 
required to be reported pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any 
guidance or regulations promulgated pursuant to such Code Sections) with respect to the Investor 
or its beneficial owners. 
12. 
General. This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) shall survive the admission 
of the Investor as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (iii) shall not be assignable by the 
Investor without the prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the Investor 
consists of more than one person or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons 
or entities. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an 
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts 
may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or an electronic signature 
complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., 
or other 
transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and 
validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. This Agreement shall be governed 
by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its conflict of laws principles). 
Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, 
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without 
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or 
affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any 
EFTA00806078
--- PAGE 15 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
other jurisdiction. Captions and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference 
only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
* 
• 
• 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING 
LIMITED PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE AND EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL 
PARTNER 
EFTA00806079
--- PAGE 16 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
LIMITED PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned executes this Agreement and acknowledges 
by its signature below that it (i) has reviewed this Agreement and such additional information it 
deems appropriate in connection with its investment in the Partnership, and (ii) agrees to be 
bound by the terms hereof on the date first set forth above. Upon acceptance below by the 
General Partner, the undersigned shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership. 
Subscription 
Amount of Interest Purchased: 
(Print or Type Name of the Investor) 
[Sign Below]: 
Social Security or 
By: 
Federal Tax Identification No.: 
(Name) 
(Title, if applicable) 
Typed or printed name and address 
of the Investor: 
Telephone No.: 
Email address: 
Preferred method for receiving 
communications: 
K Email 
El Mail 
Specify address if different from prior column: 
Type of Entity (e.g. individual, 
corporation, estate, trust, partnership, tax 
exempt organization, nominee, custodian): 
EFTA00806080
--- PAGE 17 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
The General Partner for and on behalf of the Partnership hereby accepts the foregoing 
subscription either for: (a) the amount of Interest set forth below, which will be equal to or less 
than the amount offered by the Limited Partner above, or (b) if left blank, then the Limited 
Partner's entire offered amount of Interest set forth next to the Limited Partner's signature above. 
Amount of Interest: $ 
NEOTENY 4 GP, LW 
By: 
Name: Joichi Ito 
Title: Manager 
EFTA00806081
--- PAGE 18 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
LIMITED PARTNER CONTACT INFORMATION 
Please complete the following information for each individual who will receive notices and other 
communications from the Partnership or the General Partner (and attach additional pages, if necessary): 
Name: 
Title: 
Address: 
Phone: 
Email: 
Authorized to receive: (Check all that apply) 
Annual and Quarterly Reports 
Capital Call Notices 
Stock Distribution Notices 
Cash Distribution 
K-1 Statements 
Legal Documents 
Primary or CC 
O 
El 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
Name: 
Title: 
Address: 
Phone: 
Email: 
Authorized to receive: (Check all that analy) 
Annual and Quarterly Reports 
Capital Call Notices 
Stock Distribution Notices 
Cash Distribution 
K-1 Statements 
Legal Documents 
Primary or CC 
IO:1
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
Distribution information — Please check one: 
ID I prefer to have distributions wired to the following financial institution: 
Bank Name: 
Bank ABA 14:  
For Further Credit to:  
City/State/Country: 
Account Name: 
Account Name:  
Account 1k  
Account 
Swift Code*:  
ID I prefer to receive distributions by check. 
*Required for U.S. dollar wire transfer to non-U.S. banks. Please contact your bank for more 
information. 
EFTA00806082
--- PAGE 19 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Exhibit A 
U.S. PERSON STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that he, she or it is correctly and in all respects described by 
the category or categories set forth below. 
A. 
The Investor is a U.S. Person because the Investor is an entity that falls within one of the following 
categories of a "U.S. Person" set forth in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act: 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
A natural person resident in the United States of America, its territories arid possessions, 
any state of the United States, or the District of Columbia (the "United States"). 
A partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States. 
An estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. Person, unless the estate is 
governed by non-U.S. law and an executor or administrator who is not a U.S. Person has 
sole or shared investment discretion with respect to the assets of the estate. 
A trust of which any trustee is a U.S. Person, unless a trustee who is not a U.S. Person has 
sole or shared investment discretion with respect to the trust assets and no beneficiary of 
the trust (and no settlor if the trust is revocable) is a U.S. Person. 
An agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States. 
A non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a 
dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. Person. 
A discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary organized, incorporated or (if an individual) resident in the United States 
unless such account is held for the benefit or account of a non-U.S. Person. 
A partnership or corporation if: 
• 
organized or incorporated under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, and 
• 
formed by a U.S. Person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not 
registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and 
owned, by "accredited investors" (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act) 
who are not natural persons, estates or trusts. 
A-1 
EFTA00806083
--- PAGE 20 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
B. 
The Investor is not a U.S. Person because: 
The Investor (all must apply): 
1. 
is an agency or branch or agency of a U.S. Person located outside the 
United States; and 
2. 
is operating for valid business reasons; and 
3. 
is engaged in the business of insurance and banking, and is subject to 
substantive insurance or banking regulation, respectively, in the 
jurisdiction where it is located. 
K 
The Investor is an employee benefit plan established and administered in accordance with 
the law of a country other than the United States and customary practices and 
documentation of such country. 
The Investor is the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, the Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian 
Development Bank, the African Development Bank, the United Nations, or such 
organization's agency, affiliate or pension plan, or any other similar international 
organization, or such organization's agency, affiliate or pension plan. 
The Investor does not fall into any of the categories of U.S. Persons set forth in 
(A) above. 
C. 
If the Investor has indicated that it is not a U.S. Person in Part (B) above, the Investor represents that: 
K 
(i) it executed this Subscription Agreement outside of the United States; (ii) it is not acquiring 
the Interest for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person; and (iii)neither the General Partner, 
the Partnership nor any Person acting on their behalf has made any offer or sale of an Interest 
in the United States to the Investor. 
A-2 
EFTA00806084
--- PAGE 21 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Exhibit B 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that he, she or it is correctly and in all respects described by 
the category or categories set forth below. 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a natural person whose net worth, either individually or jointly with such 
person's spouse, at the time of purchase, exceeds $1,000,000 (exclusive of the value of the 
Investor's primary residence). 
The Investor is a natural person who had individual income in excess of $200,000, or joint 
income with that person's spouse in excess of $300,000, in the previous two calendar years and 
reasonably expects to reach the same income level in the current calendar year. 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other organization 
described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, or Massachusetts or similar 
business trust, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest, with total assets in 
excess of $5,000,000. 
The Investor is an entity which falls within one of the following categories of accredited 
investor set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act: 
El 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
A bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings and loan 
association or other institution as defined in Section 3(aX5XA) of the Securities 
Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity. 
A broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the Exchange Act. 
An insurance company as defined in Section 2(a)(I3) of the Securities Act. 
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act or a 
business development company as defined in Section 2(aX48) of that Act. 
A Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business 
Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment 
Act of 1958. 
Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any 
agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of 
its employees, if such a plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000. 
B-1 
EFTA00806085
--- PAGE 22 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
K 
Any private business development company as defined in Section 202(aX22) of 
the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. 
o 
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, savings 
and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment adviser, or if 
the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000, or, if a self-
directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons that are 
accredited investors as described in one or more of the categories set forth in this 
Exhibit. 
Any trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated 
person as described in Rule 506(bX2)(ii) of Regulation D. 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors as described 
in one or more of the categories set forth in this Exhibit. 
B-2 
EFTA00806086
--- PAGE 23 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Exhibit C 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that he, she or it is correctly and in all respects described by 
the category or categories set forth below. 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act 
as a result of: 
K 
(1) 
K 
(2) 
K 
(3) 
K 
(4) 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a natural person (including a person who will hold a joint, 
community property or similar shared ownership interest in the Partnership with 
that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments.' 
The Investor is a company= that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,' (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons, the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed for the 
specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
The Investor is a trust= not covered by Item 2 of this Exhibit C that was not 
formed for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other 
person authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each settlor or 
other person who has contributed assets to the trust is a person described in 
Item (I ) or (2) above or Item (4) below. 
The Investor is either (x) a natural person or company= acting for its own 
account or the accounts of other qualified purchasers, that in the aggregate owns 
and invests on a discretionary basis not less than $25,000,000 in investments and 
that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest or (y) a 
qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) of Rule 144A 
promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of Rule 2a51-
1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
K 
(5) 
The Investor is a company all of the securities of which are beneficially owned 
by "qualified purchasers." 
OR 
a 
For definition of "investments," see Rule 2a5 I-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a corporation, partnership, 
association, joint stock company, trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether incorporated or not. If the 
Investor is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph (1) or (7) of Section 3(c) of the 
Investment Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment company"), all beneficial 
owners of its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper), determined in accordance with Section 3(c)(1)(A) 
on the Investment Company Act, that acquired such securities on or before April 30, 1996 (as "pre-amendment 
beneficial owners"), and all pre amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding securities (other than short-term 
paper) of any excepted investment company that, directly or indirectly owns any outstanding securities of such 
excepted investment company, have consented to its treatment as a qualified purchaser. See Rule 2a51-2(e) 
promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
C-1 
EFTA00806087
--- PAGE 24 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
B. 
C. 
K 
The Investor is not a "qualified purchaser" as described in any of the above 
categories. 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other 
organization, please check the appropriate box in response to each question. 
(1) The Investor is not (i) an "investment company" as defined in the Investment Company Act 
or (ii) an entity which would be an "investment company" as defined in the Investment 
Company Act but for the exceptions provided for in Section 3(c)(I) and Section 3(cX7) of the 
Investment Company Act. 
True 
False 
(2) Assuming the Investor holds less than 10% of the interests in the Partnership, the Investor 
constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act. 
El 
True 
False• 
•Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(3) Assuming the Investors holds 10% or more of the interests in the Partnership, the Investor 
constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act. 
True 
El 
False• 
•Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(4) The Investor's stockholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners, if any, have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in the purchase of the Interest 
and will have no individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in particular 
investments made by the Partnership. 
True 
False 
(5) The Investor was not organized or recapitalized (and is not to be recapitalized) for the 
specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
For the purposes of the preceding sentence, 
"recapitalized" includes, without limitation, new investments made in the Investor solely for the 
purpose of financing the Investor's acquisition of the Interest and not made pursuant to a prior 
financial commitment. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
C-2 
EFTA00806088
--- PAGE 25 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Exhibit D 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
The undersigned Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"), that is subject to Title I of ERISA; or (ii) a "plan" within the meaning of 
Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Internal 
Revenue Code. 
K 
Yes 
o 
No 
2. 
The undersigned Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person or entity the 
underlying assets of which are - plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
K 
Yes. 
The Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of interests in 
the Investor held by benefits plan investors, determined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
%. 
K 
No. 
None of the Investor's assets arc "plan assets" within the meaning of 
Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE FOREGOING 
REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, THE INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE 
PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
3. 
The undersigned Investor is, or is acting on behalf of (i) a "governmental plan," within the 
meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a governmental 
plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to applicable state or local law governing 
governmental plans. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
4. 
The undersigned Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under Section 410(d) of 
the Internal Revenue Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which 
such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a church plan holds an interest 
sufficient to subject the entity to the rules and policies governing the sponsoring church. 
Yes 
No 
5. 
The undersigned Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, an "employee benefit plan" which is 
organized outside of the United States. 
Yes 
No 
6. 
If the Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor represents and warrants that, 
except as otherwise disclosed to the Partnership in a supplemental sheet(s) attached to this 
Exhibit D the participants in such employee benefit plan or plan are not permitted to self-direct 
investments. 
D-1 
EFTA00806089
--- PAGE 26 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
If a supplemental sheet(s) is attached, the Investor has checked the following box. 
K 
7. 
If the undersigned Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor hereby represents 
and warrants to and agrees with the Partnership that: 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
The decision to invest assets of the Investor in the Partnership was made by fiduciaries 
independent of the General Partner and any placement agent, which parties are duly 
authorized to make such investment decisions and who have not relied on any advice or 
recommendation of the General Partner, any placement agent or any of their respective 
partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives 
or Affiliates; 
None of the General Partner, any placement agent or any of their respective employees, 
representatives, agents or Affiliates has exercised any discretionary authority or control 
with respect to the Investor's investment in the Partnership, nor have the General 
Partner, any placement agent or any of their respective partners, members, employees, 
stockholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives or Affiliates rendered 
individualized investment advice to the Investor based upon the Investor's investment 
policies or strategy, overall portfolio composition or diversification; and 
The terms of the Partnership Agreement, including all exhibits and attachments thereto, 
comply with the Investor's governing instruments and applicable laws governing the 
Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General Partner in writing of any 
changes in any governing law or any regulations or interpretations thereunder affecting 
the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or obligations of the Partnership, the General 
Partner or any of their respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, 
directors, agents or Affiliates. 
D-2 
EFTA00806090
--- PAGE 27 ---
Exhibit E 
PRIVACY NOTICE 
This Privacy Notice explains the manner in which we collect, utilize and maintain nonpublic personal 
information about our Limited Partners. This Privacy Notice applies only to Limited Partners who are individuals. 
We are committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the confidentiality and security of your 
personal information. We are sending you this Privacy Notice to help you understand how we handle the personal 
information about you that we collect and how we use that information. 
Categories of Information We Collect and May Disclose 
We use the personal information collected about you in order to provide you with better service or to 
comply with law and regulations. We may collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following 
sources: 
• 
Investor Questionnaires, the Partnership Agreement or other forms (for example, name, address, Social 
Security number, assets and income); 
• 
Ownership records of the Partnership (such as the amount of your percentage ownership interest and 
any capital commitment); and 
• 
Other interactions with us or our affiliates (such as discussions or other contacts with agents of the 
Partnership via telephone, written correspondence, and electronic media). 
We may disclose nonpublic personal information we collect about you to our affiliates (including those 
who are involved in the operation, administration or management of, or the sale of interests in the Partnership) and 
nonaffiliated service providers, only as permitted by law and regulations. For example, we may sham nonpublic 
personal information about you in the following situations: 
• 
In connection with the administration and operations of the Partnership, including disclosure to 
attorneys, accountants, auditors, administrators, or companies that assist us with mailing statements or 
processing your transactions, or other professionals; 
• 
To broker-dealers, custodians and transfer agents to facilitate in-kind distributions of portfolio 
securities; 
• 
To respond to a subpoena or court order, judicial process or regulatory inquiry; and 
• 
At your direction or with your consent, including upon your authorization to disclose such information 
to persons acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity on your behalf. 
We may also share your personal information with other providers of services necessary or convenient to 
the formation, operation or dissolution of the Partnership. Finally, as required or permitted by the Partnership 
Agreement, we may distribute to all partners in the Partnership certain personal financial information, such as 
capital account information and various schedules to the Partnership Agreement. 
The information of our former Limited Partners, if any, is treated in the same manner as the information of 
our current Limited Partners. 
E-1 
EFTA00806091
--- PAGE 28 ---
Confidentiality and Security 
We consider the protection of sensitive information to be a sound business practice and a foundation of 
customer trust. We protect personal information we collect about you by maintaining physical, electronic and 
procedural safeguards. We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees or agents 
of the Partnership who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. 
Further Information 
We resent the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time. This notice complies with United States 
federal law regarding privacy. You may have additional rights under other foreign or domestic laws that may apply 
to you. 
* 
s 
■ 
E-2 
EFTA00806092
--- PAGE 29 ---
Exhibit F 
OFAC AND ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING COMPLIANCE 
With respect to Investors who am natural persons: 
(i) for U.S. persons, a social security or taxpayer identification number, and 
(ii) for non-U.S. persons, a taxpayer identification number or one or more of the following: 
• 
passport number and country of issuance; 
• 
alien identification card number; or 
• 
number and country of issuance of any other government-issued document evidencing nationality or 
residence and bearing a photograph or similar safeguard. 
In addition, for both U.S. and non-U.S. persons, a government-issued photo identification (e.g., passport, driver's 
license) is to be obtained and a copy is to be kept on file. 
With respect to Investors that are entities: 
• 
Organization and formation documents of the entity; and 
• 
If not stated in the organization and formation documents, the names of the legal beneficial owners (if 
applicable) and the names and locations of individuals authorized to act for the entity. 
F-1 
EFTA00806093

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806094.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 6, 2018 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SUMMARY OF TERMS 
The following information summarizes certain provisions of the principal agreements of 
Neoteny 4, LP and is qualified in its entirety by the principal agreements relating thereto: 
The Fund 
Neoteny 4, LP (the "Fund"), a Delaware limited partnership. 
Investment Objective 
The primary purpose of the Fund will be to make venture capital 
investments, principally by investing in and holding equity, 
equity-oriented and debt securities of early/seed-stage privately 
held companies selected by the General Partner. The companies 
in which the Fund invests are sometimes referred to collectively as 
the "Portfolio Companies." 
Size 
The Fund is seeking an aggregate of $30 million to $50 million in 
capital commitments from limited partners ("Limited Partners"); 
provided that the General Partner reserves the right to form the 
Fund with a lesser or greater amount of such commitments. The 
General Partner and the Limited Partners are sometimes referred 
to collectively as the "Partners." 
Securities Offered 
Limited Partnership Interests ("LP Interests"). 
General Partner 
Management of the 
Fond 
Minimum Interest 
The general partner of the Fund will be Neoteny 4 GP, LLC (the 
"General Partner"), a newly formed Delaware limited liability 
company. The General Partner and/or its affiliates will commit at 
least $100,000 directly or indirectly to the Fund. The General 
Partner will provide certain administrative and advisory services to 
the Fund. The sole manager of the General Partner will be Joichi 
Ito. 
The General Partner will manage the Fund and will have ultimate 
legal authority with respect to investment decisions, including 
decisions such as terms and conditions of investments, selection 
and oversight of Portfolio Companies, timing of and terms of sales 
of or realization of gains or losses on investments and registration 
under federal and state securities laws. 
The minimum capital commitment for a Limited Partner in the 
Fund will be $1,000,000; provided that the General Partner 
reserves the right to waive this minimum. 
EFTA00806094
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
Term 
Early Termination 
Capital Calls 
Distributions 
An initial closing of the Fund (the "Initial Closing") will be held 
once the General Partner determines that a sufficient minimum 
amount of commitments has been obtained. Subsequent closings 
may occur at the discretion of the General Partner; provided that 
such closings shall occur no later than December 31, 2018. 
Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner (or that is already a 
Limited Partner and increases its capital commitment) at any 
closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to the same percentage of 
its commitment as has been required to be contributed by the other 
Limited Partners prior to such date (net of previous contributions 
for a Limited Partner increasing its commitment), plus an interest-
equivalent amount computed at an annual rate of prime plus 2% 
on the amount of such capital contribution. 
The Fund's initial term will terminate on the tenth (10'h) 
anniversary of the date of the Initial Closing; provided that the 
General Partner may extend the term of the Fund for an additional 
one-year period. The General Partner may further extend the term 
of the Fund for additional one-year periods with the consent of a 
majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners. 
The General Partner may dissolve the Fund at any time on not less 
than thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the Limited Partners. 
The General Partner expects to call down 100% of each Partner's 
capital commitment upon its admission to the Fund. 
At its 
discretion, the General Partner may return all or any portion of 
each Partner's capital contributions that have not been invested in 
one or more Portfolio Companies, or upon the admission of 
additional Limited Partners. Any amounts so returned may be 
subject to future capital drawdowns to meet anticipated Fund 
expenses and liabilities and to make investments. Each Partner's 
capital contribution shall be due upon ten (10) business days' 
written notice. 
A Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner may suffer substantial penalties with respect to its LP 
Interest, including the imposition of default charges and/or a total 
forfeiture of such interest. 
Generally, all distributions other than liquidating distributions will 
be made in cash or marketable securities. 
Distributions generally shall be made on an investment-by-
investment basis with respect to each Portfolio Company as 
follows: 
EFTA00806095
--- PAGE 3 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(a) first, 100% to all Partners (including the General Partner in 
respect of any LP Interests held by it) in proportion to their 
respective capital contributions in respect of such Portfolio 
Company investment until each Partner has received distributions 
equal in the aggregate to the sum of that Partner's capital 
contributions made to date in respect of such Portfolio Company 
investment, plus that Partner's unretumed capital contributions on 
other Portfolio Company investments previously disposed of, if 
any; and 
(b) thereafter, 20% to the General Partner (the "carried interest") 
and 80% to all Partners in proportion to their respective capital 
contributions in respect of such Portfolio Company investment. 
There will be no General Partner clawback. The General Partner 
will not be obligated to restore any previous distributions of 
carried interest to the Fund or to the Limited Partners, even if, 
upon termination of the Fund, the General Partner has received 
cumulative distributions of carried interest in excess of 20% of the 
Fund's total profits aggregated over the life of the Fund. 
The General Partner in its discretion may cause the Partnership to 
retain proceeds of investments for any purpose for which the 
General Partner would otherwise be authorized to draw down 
contributions, including the payment of operating expenses and 
the establishment of reasonable reserves. 
Liquidating distributions generally shall be made to the Partners in 
proportion to the positive balances in their respective capital 
accounts maintained as described below under "Allocations." 
Allocations 
Cumulative net gain of the Fund generally will be allocated 20% 
to the General Partner and 80% to all Partners in proportion to 
their respective capital contributions. Cumulative net loss of the 
Fund generally will be allocated to all Partners in proportion to 
their respective capital contributions. 
General Policies. Net gain or loss will be determined under U.S. 
federal income tax principles. 
Capital Accounts. Capital accounts will be maintained for each 
Partner that will reflect, in accordance with U.S. federal income 
tax guidelines, all contributions made by that Partner, all income, 
gains and losses allocated to that Partner, and all distributions 
made to that Partner. 
EFTA00806096
--- PAGE 4 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
Operating Expenses 
Management Fee 
Fund Expenses 
The Fund will bear all of the organizational and offering expenses 
(including legal, travel, accounting, filing, capital-raising and 
other expenses) incurred in connection with the organization and 
formation of the Fund, the General Partner and the Management 
Company. 
The General Partner or its affiliates (including the Management 
Company) will be responsible for compensation and expenses of 
employees and consultants of the General Partner and/or the 
Management Company, and rent, utilities and other administrative 
expenses relating to the investment activities of the Fund (unless 
otherwise payable by the Fund as described below under "Fund 
Expenses"). 
The Fund will pay to Neoteny Management, LLC, an affiliate of 
the 
General 
Partner (the "Management Company"), a 
management fee equal to two percent (2%) per annum of the 
aggregate capital commitments of the Limited Partners for 
management and administrative services. The management fee 
amount shall commence on the date of the Initial Closing and shall 
be payable on a quarterly basis. 
The Fund will be responsible for all other expenses incurred by or 
on behalf of the Fund which are not reimbursed by Portfolio 
Companies, including liquidation expenses of the Fund; any sales 
or other taxes, fees or government charges which may be assessed 
against the Fund; commissions or brokerage fees or similar 
charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses of members of the Advisory Committee; 
expenses of hosting meetings or conferences; interest expense for 
borrowed money (if any); expenses relating to litigation and 
threatened litigation involving the Fund, including indemnification 
expenses; 
expenses 
attributable 
to 
investment 
banking, 
commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal, custodial and 
registration services provided to the Fund and certain expenses 
attributable to consulting services; travel expenses related to the 
investment activities or administration of the Fund; expenses 
associated with outsourcing certain financial reporting and 
accounting services provided to the Fund; costs of preparing and 
delivering financial statements and other reports to the Partners, as 
well as all other communications with the Partners; costs of 
preparing and filing all income, informational and other 
governmental returns, reports and filings; premiums for liability or 
other insurance to protect the Fund, the General Partner, the 
Management Company, the members of the Advisory Committee 
and any of their respective affiliates or related parties in 
connection with the activities of the Fund; and all other expenses 
EFTA00806097
--- PAGE 5 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Withdrawal and 
Transfer 
properly chargeable to the activities of the Fund. 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Fund prior to its 
dissolution. In addition, Limited Partners may not sell, assign or 
transfer any of their interests, rights or obligations in the Fund 
except with the consent of the General Partner. 
Limited Partner 
To the extent that the Fund does not have sufficient available 
Giveback 
assets to satisfy any liability or obligation incurred by the Fund, 
each Limited Partner shall contribute to the Fund its proportionate 
share of such liability or obligation based on its capital 
contributions to the Fund; provided, however, that the aggregate 
amount of such contributions from any Limited Partner shall not 
exceed the aggregate amount of distributions received by such 
Limited Partner; and provided, further, that no Limited Partner 
shall have any liability after the third (3nd) anniversary of the date 
of liquidation of the Fund except with respect to potential or actual 
liabilities or losses stemming from claims that have been filed or 
threatened and of which such Limited Partner has been given 
notice within thirty (30) days after such third (3nd) anniversary 
date. 
Advisory Committee 
Indemnification 
The General Partner may form an Advisory Committee of at least 
three members appointed by the General Partner, all of whom 
shall be representatives of the Limited Partners or their advisors. 
The General Partner will retain ultimate legal authority for all 
decisions relating to the operation and management of the Fund. 
The Fund will indemnify the General Partner, its members, 
employees and agents, each liquidator, each member of the 
Advisory Committee and each partner, member, stockholder, 
director, officer, manager, employee, agent and affiliate of any of 
the foregoing against claims, liabilities, costs and expenses 
(including attorneys' fees) as incurred, in connection with their 
activities on behalf of, or their association with, the Fund; 
provided that the person seeking such indemnification has not 
been finally adjudicated not to have acted in good faith or to have 
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct and, with 
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable 
cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
Arbitration 
The Fund's limited partnership agreement will contain a provision 
for binding arbitration. 
EFTA00806098
--- PAGE 6 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Reports and Meetings 
Limited Partners will receive annual unaudited 
financial 
statements of the Fund. On a quarterly basis, summary unaudited 
financial information will be provided. In addition, each Limited 
Partner will be provided annually an IRS Schedule K-1 and such 
other information as may reasonably be requested by such Limited 
Partner as necessary for the completion of U.S. federal income tax 
returns; provided that the General Partner can obtain such 
additional information without unreasonable effort or expense. 
The General Partner may, but is not required to, hold an annual 
meeting of the Partners. 
Suitability Standards 
LP Interests will be offered to accredited investors only, in a 
private placement intended to comply with Regulation D or 
Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, and applicable state securities laws exemptions. 
In 
addition, the Fund will be structured so that it will not constitute 
an "investment company" for purposes of the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. Investors will be required to 
make representations to the Fund to ensure compliance with such 
securities laws. 
Legal Counsel to Fund 
Barack Ferrazzano Kirschbaum and Nagelberg LLP. 
and its Affiliates 
Risk Factors 
Investment in the Fund carries a high degree of risk. 
Each 
prospective investor should understand that it may sustain a loss of 
its entire investment. Accordingly, an investment in the Fund 
should be made only by persons who are able to bear the risk of 
loss of all the capital invested, and prospective investors should 
carefully consider the following risk factors. The following risk 
factors do not purport to be a complete or exhaustive explanation 
of the risks involved in the Fund. 
Additional risks and 
uncertainties not presently known to the General Partner, or that it 
currently deems immaterial, may also have an adverse impact on 
the Fund's prospects and business. There can be no assurance that 
the Fund's investment objectives will be achieved. Among the 
risks to be considered prior to making an investment in the Fund 
are the following: 
1. Venture capital investing involves a high degree of business 
and financial risk that can result in substantial losses. 
2. The success of the Fund's investments may be affected by 
general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, 
availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, 
changes in laws and national and international political 
circumstances. 
EFTA00806099
--- PAGE 7 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
3. The Fund intends to participate in a limited number of portfolio 
investments and, as a consequence, the aggregate return of the 
Fund may be materially and adversely affected by the unfavorable 
performance of even a single portfolio investment. 
4. 
The Fund will make distributions on an investment-by-
investment basis, which could result in a lower aggregate return to 
Limited Partners than if the Fund were to make distributions on a 
cumulative basis. 
5. The General Partner will not be obligated to restore any 
previous distributions of carried interest to the Fund or to the 
Limited Partners, even if, upon termination of the Fund, the 
General Partner has received cumulative distributions of carried 
interest in excess of 20% of the Fund's total profits aggregated 
over the life of the Fund. 
6. The General Partner or its affiliates may co-invest in the 
Portfolio Companies outside of the Fund, and may receive fees 
(such as consulting or advisory fees) from the Portfolio 
Companies in return for compensation (including equity 
compensation) from those Portfolio Companies, which may pose a 
conflict of interest with the Fund and/or the Limited Partners. 
7. The Portfolio Companies in which the Fund will invest are 
likely to face intense competition, including competition from 
companies with greater financial resources, more extensive 
development, production, marketing and service capabilities and a 
larger number of qualified managerial and technical personnel. 
8. The Fund expects to invest in companies at early and expansion 
stages of development, including the start-up stage. Particularly in 
early stage enterprises, a major risk exists that a proposed service 
or product cannot be developed successfully with the resources 
available to the Portfolio Company. There is no assurance that the 
development efforts of any Portfolio Company will be successful 
or, if successful, will be completed within the budget or time 
period originally estimated. 
9. An investment in the LP Interests is a long-term investment. 
The inherent nature of private equity investing dictates a 
significant length of time between the initial investment and 
realization of gains, if any. 
EFTA00806100
--- PAGE 8 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
10. All of the Portfolio Companies in which the Fund expects to 
make investments will initially be privately held. As a result there 
will be no readily available secondary market for the Fund's 
interests in such Portfolio Companies, and those interests will be 
subject to legal restrictions on transfer. 
11. The Fund may invest in Portfolio Companies that may be 
subject to extensive governmental regulations and oversight with 
respect to their business activities. The failure to comply with 
applicable regulations, obtain applicable regulatory approvals, or 
maintain those approvals so obtained, may subject the applicable 
Portfolio Company to civil penalties, suspension or withdrawal of 
any regulatory approval obtained, product recalls and seizures, 
injunctions, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions and 
penalties, which could, individually or in the aggregate, have a 
material adverse effect on the Fund's investment in such company. 
12. The General Partner will have exclusive responsibility for 
managing the Fund's activities, and Limited Partners will not be 
able to make investment or any other decisions in the management 
of the Fund. 
13. The member(s) and manager(s) of the General Partner and the 
Management Company may be employed on either a full-time or 
part-time basis by parties other than the Fund, the General Partner 
and the Management Company and are under no obligation to 
devote any minimum amount of their time to the affairs of the 
Fund, the General Partner or the Management Company. 
14. There is no market for the LP Interests and none is expected 
to develop. 
In addition, the LP Interests are not transferable 
except with the consent of the General Partner, which may be 
withheld for any reason. Limited Partners may not withdraw 
capital from the Fund. 
15. The Fund expects to co-invest with other investors, and in 
those cases, expects to take a passive role with respect to 
negotiating investment terms and rely on lead investors to 
negotiate such terms. 
16. While most investments made by the Fund are not expected to 
produce "unrelated business taxable income" within the meaning 
of Sections 512 through 514 of the Code or any item of gross 
income that would be included in determining such Partner's (or 
beneficial owner's) unrelated business taxable income, it is 
possible that a tax exempt partner or beneficial owner thereof may 
realize unrelated business taxable income in connection with its 
ownership of LP Interests. 
EFTA00806101

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806102.pdf
----------------------------------------
April 8, 2018 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SUMMARY OF TERMS 
The following information summarizes certain provisions of the principal agreements of 
Neoteny 4, LP and is qualified in its entirety by the principal agreements relating thereto: 
The Fund 
Neoteny 4, LP (the "Fund"), a Delaware limited partnership. 
Investment Objective 
The primary purpose of the Fund will be to make venture capital 
investments, principally by investing in and holding equity, 
equity-oriented and debt securities of early/seed-stage privately 
held companies selected by the General Partner. The companies 
in which the Fund invests are sometimes referred to collectively as 
the "Portfolio Companies." 
Size 
The Fund is seeking an aggregate of $30 million to $50 million in 
capital commitments from limited partners ("Limited Partners"); 
provided that the General Partner reserves the right to form the 
Fund with a lesser or greater amount of such commitments. The 
General Partner and the Limited Partners are sometimes referred 
to collectively as the "Partners." 
Securities Offered 
Limited Partnership Interests ("LP Interests"). 
General Partner 
Management of the 
Fund 
Minimum Interest 
The general partner of the Fund will be Neoteny 4 GP, LW (the 
"General Partner"), a newly formed Delaware limited liability 
company. The General Partner and/or its affiliates will commit at 
least $100,000 directly or indirectly to the Fund. The General 
Partner will provide certain administrative and advisory services to 
the Fund. The sole manager of the General Partner will be Joichi 
Ito. 
The General Partner will manage the Fund and will have ultimate 
legal authority with respect to investment decisions, including 
decisions such as terms and conditions of investments, selection 
and oversight of Portfolio Companies, timing of and terms of sales 
of or realization of gains or losses on investments and registration 
under federal and state securities laws. 
The minimum capital commitment for a Limited Partner in the 
Fund will be $1,000,000; provided that the General Partner 
reserves the right to waive this minimum. 
EFTA00806102
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
Term 
Early Termination 
Capital Calls 
An initial closing of the Fund (the "Initial Closing") will be held 
once the General Partner determines that a sufficient minimum 
amount of commitments has been obtained. Subsequent closings 
may occur at the discretion of the General Partner; provided that 
such closings shall occur no later than December 31, 2018. 
Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner (or that is already a 
Limited Partner and increases its capital commitment) at any 
closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to the same percentage of 
its commitment as has been required to be contributed by the other 
Limited Partners prior to such date (net of previous contributions 
for a Limited Partner increasing its commitment), plus an interest-
equivalent amount computed at an annual rate of prime plus 2% 
on the amount of such capital contribution. 
The Fund's initial term will terminate on the tenth (10'h) 
anniversary of the date of the Initial Closing; provided that the 
General Partner may extend the term of the Fund for an additional 
one-year period. The General Partner may further extend the term 
of the Fund for additional one-year periods with the consent of a 
majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners. 
The General Partner may dissolve the Fund at any time on not less 
than thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the Limited Partners. 
The General Partner expects to call down 100% of each Partner's 
capital commitment upon its admission to the Fund. 
At its 
discretion, the General Partner may return all or any portion of 
each Partner's capital contributions that have not been invested in 
one or more Portfolio Companies, or upon the admission of 
additional Limited Partners. Any amounts so returned may be 
subject to future capital drawdowns to meet anticipated Fund 
expenses and liabilities and to make investments. Each Partner's 
capital contribution shall be due upon ten (10) business days' 
written notice. 
A Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner may suffer substantial penalties with respect to its LP 
Interest, including the imposition of default charges and/or a total 
forfeiture of such interest. 
Distributions 
Generally, all distributions other than liquidating distributions will 
be made in cash or marketable securities. 
Distributions generally shall be made on an investment-by-
investment basis with respect to each Portfolio Company as 
follows: 
EFTA00806103
--- PAGE 3 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
(a) first, 100% to all Partners (including the General Partner in 
respect of any LP Interests held by it) in proportion to their 
respective capital contributions in respect of such Portfolio 
Company investment until each Partner has received distributions 
equal in the aggregate to the sum of that Partner's capital 
contributions made to date in respect of such Portfolio Company 
investment, plus that Partner's unreturned capital contributions on 
other Portfolio Company investments previously disposed of, if 
any; and 
(b) thereafter, 20% to the General Partner (the "carried interest") 
and 80% to all Partners in proportion to their respective capital 
contributions in respect of such Portfolio Company investment. 
There will be no General Partner clawback. The General Partner 
will not be obligated to restore any previous distributions of 
carried interest to the Fund or to the Limited Partners, even if, 
upon termination of the Fund, the General Partner has received 
cumulative distributions of carried interest in excess of 20% of the 
Fund's total profits aggregated over the life of the Fund. 
The General Partner in its discretion may cause the Partnership to 
retain proceeds of investments for any purpose for which the 
General Partner would otherwise be authorized to draw down 
contributions, including the payment of operating expenses and 
the establishment of reasonable reserves. 
Liquidating distributions generally shall be made to the Partners in 
proportion to the positive balances in their respective capital 
accounts maintained as described below under "Allocations." 
Allocations 
Cumulative net gain of the Fund generally will be allocated 20% 
to the General Partner and 80% to all Partners in proportion to 
their respective capital contributions. Cumulative net loss of the 
Fund generally will be allocated to all Partners in proportion to 
their respective capital contributions. 
General Policies. Net gain or loss will be determined under U.S. 
federal income tax principles. 
Capital Accounts. Capital accounts will be maintained for each 
Partner that will reflect, in accordance with U.S. federal income 
tax guidelines, all contributions made by that Partner, all income, 
gains and losses allocated to that Partner, and all distributions 
made to that Partner. 
EFTA00806104
--- PAGE 4 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
Operating Expenses 
Management Fee 
Fund Expenses 
The Fund will bear all of the organizational and offering expenses 
(including legal, travel, accounting, filing, capital-raising and 
other expenses) incurred in connection with the organization and 
formation of the Fund, the General Partner and the Management 
Company. 
The General Partner or its affiliates (including the Management 
Company) will be responsible for compensation and expenses of 
employees and consultants of the General Partner and/or the 
Management Company, and rent, utilities and other administrative 
expenses relating to the investment activities of the Fund (unless 
otherwise payable by the Fund as described below under "Fund 
Expenses"). 
The Fund will pay to Neoteny Management, LLC, an affiliate of 
the 
General 
Partner (the "Management Company"), a 
management fee equal to two percent (2%) per annum of the 
aggregate capital commitments of the Limited Partners for 
management and administrative services. The management fee 
amount shall commence on the date of the Initial Closing and shall 
be payable on a quarterly basis. 
The Fund will be responsible for all other expenses incurred by or 
on behalf of the Fund which are not reimbursed by Portfolio 
Companies, including liquidation expenses of the Fund; any sales 
or other taxes, fees or government charges which may be assessed 
against the Fund; commissions or brokerage fees or similar 
charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses of members of the Advisory Committee; 
expenses of hosting meetings or conferences; interest expense for 
borrowed money (if any); expenses relating to litigation and 
threatened litigation involving the Fund, including indemnification 
expenses; 
expenses 
attributable 
to 
investment 
banking, 
commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal, custodial and 
registration services provided to the Fund and certain expenses 
attributable to consulting services; travel expenses related to the 
investment activities or administration of the Fund; expenses 
associated with outsourcing certain financial reporting and 
accounting services provided to the Fund; costs of preparing and 
delivering financial statements and other reports to the Partners, as 
well as all other communications with the Partners; costs of 
preparing and filing all income, informational and other 
governmental returns, reports and filings; premiums for liability or 
other insurance to protect the Fund, the General Partner, the 
Management Company, the members of the Advisory Committee 
and any of their respective affiliates or related parties in 
connection with the activities of the Fund; and all other expenses 
EFTA00806105
--- PAGE 5 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
properly chargeable to the activities of the Fund. 
Withdrawal and 
Transfer 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Fund prior to its 
dissolution. In addition, Limited Partners may not sell, assign or 
transfer any of their interests, rights or obligations in the Fund 
except with the consent of the General Partner. 
Limited Partner 
To the extent that the Fund does not have sufficient available 
Giveback 
assets to satisfy any liability or obligation incurred by the Fund, 
each Limited Partner shall contribute to the Fund its proportionate 
share of such liability or obligation based on its capital 
contributions to the Fund; provided, however, that the aggregate 
amount of such contributions from any Limited Partner shall not 
exceed the aggregate amount of distributions received by such 
Limited Partner; and provided, further, that no Limited Partner 
shall have any liability after the third (3M) anniversary of the date 
of liquidation of the Fund except with respect to potential or actual 
liabilities or losses stemming from claims that have been filed or 
threatened and of which such Limited Partner has been given 
notice within thirty (30) days after such third (3ie) anniversary 
date. 
Advisory Committee 
Indemnification 
The General Partner may form an Advisory Committee of at least 
three members appointed by the General Partner, all of whom 
shall be representatives of the Limited Partners or their advisors. 
The General Partner will retain ultimate legal authority for all 
decisions relating to the operation and management of the Fund. 
The Fund will indemnify the General Partner, its members, 
employees and agents, each liquidator, each member of the 
Advisory Committee and each partner, member, stockholder, 
director, officer, manager, employee, agent and affiliate of any of 
the foregoing against claims, liabilities, costs and expenses 
(including attorneys' fees) as incurred, in connection with their 
activities on behalf of, or their association with, the Fund; 
provided that the person seeking such indemnification has not 
been finally adjudicated not to have acted in good faith or to have 
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct and, with 
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable 
cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
Arbitration 
The Fund's limited partnership agreement will contain a provision 
for binding arbitration. 
EFTA00806106
--- PAGE 6 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Reports and Meetings 
Limited Partners will receive annual unaudited financial 
statements of the Fund. On a quarterly basis, summary unaudited 
financial information will be provided. In addition, each Limited 
Partner will be provided annually an IRS Schedule K-I and such 
other information as may reasonably be requested by such Limited 
Partner as necessary for the completion of U.S. federal income tax 
returns; provided that the General Partner can obtain such 
additional information without unreasonable effort or expense. 
The General Partner may, but is not required to, hold an annual 
meeting of the Partners. 
Suitability Standards 
LP Interests will be offered to accredited investors only, in a 
private placement intended to comply with Regulation D or 
Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, and applicable state securities laws exemptions. 
In 
addition, the Fund will be structured so that it will not constitute 
an "investment company" for purposes of the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. Investors will be required to 
make representations to the Fund to ensure compliance with such 
securities laws. 
Legal Counsel to Fund 
Barack Ferrazzano Kirschbaum and Nagelberg LLP. 
and its Affiliates 
Risk Factors 
Investment in the Fund carries a high degree of risk. 
Each 
prospective investor should understand that it may sustain a loss of 
its entire investment. Accordingly, an investment in the Fund 
should be made only by persons who are able to bear the risk of 
loss of all the capital invested, and prospective investors should 
carefully consider the following risk factors. The following risk 
factors do not purport to be a complete or exhaustive explanation 
of the risks involved in the Fund. 
Additional risks and 
uncertainties not presently known to the General Partner, or that it 
currently deems immaterial, may also have an adverse impact on 
the Fund's prospects and business. There can be no assurance that 
the Fund's investment objectives will be achieved. Among the 
risks to be considered prior to making an investment in the Fund 
are the following: 
1. Venture capital investing involves a high degree of business 
and financial risk that can result in substantial losses. 
2. The success of the Fund's investments may be affected by 
general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, 
availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, 
changes in laws and national and international political 
circumstances. 
EFTA00806107
--- PAGE 7 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
3. The Fund intends to participate in a limited number of portfolio 
investments and, as a consequence, the aggregate return of the 
Fund may be materially and adversely affected by the unfavorable 
performance of even a single portfolio investment. 
4. 
The Fund will make distributions on an investment-by-
investment basis, which could result in a lower aggregate return to 
Limited Partners than if the Fund were to make distributions on a 
cumulative basis. 
5. 
The General Partner will not be obligated to restore any 
previous distributions of carried interest to the Fund or to the 
Limited Partners, even if, upon termination of the Fund, the 
General Partner has received cumulative distributions of carried 
interest in excess of 20% of the Fund's total profits aggregated 
over the life of the Fund. 
6. The General Partner or its affiliates may co-invest in the 
Portfolio Companies outside of the Fund, and may receive fees 
(such as consulting or advisory fees) from the Portfolio 
Companies in return for compensation (including equity 
compensation) from those Portfolio Companies, which may pose a 
conflict of interest with the Fund and/or the Limited Partners. 
7. The Portfolio Companies in which the Fund will invest are 
likely to face intense competition, including competition from 
companies with greater financial resources, more extensive 
development, production, marketing and service capabilities and a 
larger number of qualified managerial and technical personnel. 
8. The Fund expects to invest in companies at early and expansion 
stages of development, including the start-up stage. Particularly in 
early stage enterprises, a major risk exists that a proposed service 
or product cannot be developed successfully with the resources 
available to the Portfolio Company. There is no assurance that the 
development efforts of any Portfolio Company will be successful 
or, if successful, will be completed within the budget or time 
period originally estimated. 
9. An investment in the LP Interests is a long-term investment. 
The inherent nature of private equity investing dictates a 
significant length of time between the initial investment and 
realization of gains, if any. 
EFTA00806108
--- PAGE 8 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
10. All of the Portfolio Companies in which the Fund expects to 
make investments will initially be privately held. As a result there 
will be no readily available secondary market for the Fund's 
interests in such Portfolio Companies, and those interests will be 
subject to legal restrictions on transfer. 
II. The Fund may invest in Portfolio Companies that may be 
subject to extensive governmental regulations and oversight with 
respect to their business activities. The failure to comply with 
applicable regulations, obtain applicable regulatory approvals, or 
maintain those approvals so obtained, may subject the applicable 
Portfolio Company to civil penalties, suspension or withdrawal of 
any regulatory approval obtained, product recalls and seizures, 
injunctions, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions and 
penalties, which could, individually or in the aggregate, have a 
material adverse effect on the Fund's investment in such company. 
12. The General Partner will have exclusive responsibility for 
managing the Fund's activities, and Limited Partners will not be 
able to make investment or any other decisions in the management 
of the Fund. 
13. The member(s) and manager(s) of the General Partner and the 
Management Company may be employed on either a full-time or 
part-time basis by parties other than the Fund, the General Partner 
and the Management Company and are under no obligation to 
devote any minimum amount of their time to the affairs of the 
Fund, the General Partner or the Management Company. 
14. There is no market for the LP Interests and none is expected 
to develop. 
In addition, the LP Interests are not transferable 
except with the consent of the General Partner, which may be 
withheld for any reason. 
Limited Partners may not withdraw 
capital from the Fund. 
15. The Fund expects to co-invest with other investors, and in 
those cases, expects to take a passive role with respect to 
negotiating investment terms and rely on lead investors to 
negotiate such terms. 
16. While most investments made by the Fund are not expected to 
produce "unrelated business taxable income" within the meaning 
of Sections 512 through 514 of the Code or any item of gross 
income that would be included in determining such Partner's (or 
beneficial owner's) unrelated business taxable income, it is 
possible that a tax exempt partner or beneficial owner thereof may 
realize unrelated business taxable income in connection with its 
ownership of LP Interests. 
EFTA00806109
--- PAGE 9 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00806110

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806111.pdf
----------------------------------------
Org Chart 
Joel Wilkenfield 
Faith Kates 
Golden Gate 
Capital affiliates 
I 
100% 
100% 
1000/o 
I 
The Wilcor Group, 
Partnership 
Catalog Holdings 
Inc. 
Holding Corp. 
LLC - Series G 
(New York) 
(New York) 
(Delaware) 
i 
27% 
31% 
100% 
i 
i 
Next Management 
Claxon Inc. 
NXT Company 
i 
Acquisition 
(New York) 
Limited 
i 
i 
Limited (UK) 
(Cayman Islands) 
i 
42% 
42% 
Next Italy 
Next Management 
Next Management 
Next Milano 
Next Management 
S.R.L 
Paris S.A.R.L 
London Limited 
S.R.L (dormant) 
LLC 
(Italy) 
(France) 
(UK) 
(Italy) 
(New York) 
This information is confidential and was prepared by Golden Gate Capital solely for internal use 
EFTA00806111

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806112.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ending 
Claxon Inc. Ciaxon Inc. 
Total for Next Management LLC 
Shareholder Ownership Nonrecourse Recourse 
Total 
Ordinary 
Cash 
Cash as % 
Capital 
K-1 Year 
Income 
Distributions of Ord Inc 
Account 
Salary 
Percentage 
Debt 
Debt 
Debt 
1,428,000 
102% 
1,121,685 
124,988 
42% 
2008 
1,406,473 
144 329 
32,060 
9,176,388 
2009 
319,747 
588,000 
184% 
963,554 
156,032 
42% 
9,425,362 
32,060 
457 421 
2010 
2011 
2012 
514,139 
897,176 
714,795 
162.224 
32% 
687.102 
68,438 
42% _ 
943.464 
105% 
218.752 
65.738 
42% 
498,597 
70% 
674,317 
199,894 
42% 
12,338.695 
770.721 13,109,417 
12,285,519 
1.166,362 13,451,881 
_ 
11,629,305 
1,368,357 
_ 
12,997,662 
2013 
951,223 
630,000 
66% 
250,220 
203,556 
42% 
13,909,538 1,597,631 15,507,169 
2014 
871,460 
r 
420,000 
48% 
777 664 
(100,911) 
42% 
15,512,171 1,826,355 17,338,526 
2015 
1,014,678 
1,260,000 
124% 
492,058 
21,336 
42% 
14,614,260 1,485,124 16,099,383 
EFTA00806112

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806113.pdf
----------------------------------------
Caution: Forms printed from within Adobe Acrobat products may not meet IRS or state taxing agency 
specifications. When using Acrobat 9.x products and later products, select "None"in the "Page Scaling" 
selection box in the Adobe "Print" dialog. 
CLIENT'S COPY 
EFTA00806113
--- PAGE 2 ---
SACKS PRESS & LACHER, P.C. 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
600 THIRD AVENUE - 18TH FL 
NEW YORK, NY 10016-1901 
SEPTEMBER 12, 2017 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC: 
WE HAVE PREPARED AND ENCLOSED YOUR 2016 LIMITED LIABILITY 
COMPANY RETURNS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016. 
THIS RETURN HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR ELECTRONIC FILING. IF YOU 
WISH TO HAVE IT TRANSMITTED ELECTRONICALLY TO THE IRS, PLEASE 
SIGN, DATE, AND RETURN FORM 8879-PE TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL 
THEN SUBMIT YOUR ELECTRONIC RETURN TO THE IRS. DO NOT MAIL 
THE PAPER COPY OF THE RETURN TO THE IRS. RETURN FEDERAL FORM 
8879-PE TO US BY SEPTEMBER 15, 2017. 
NO PAYMENT IS REQUIRED WITH THIS RETURN WHEN FILED. 
THE CALIFORNIA FORM 568 RETURN HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR 
ELECTRONIC FILING. IF YOU WISH TO HAVE IT TRANSMITTED 
ELECTRONICALLY TO THE FTB, PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN FORM 
8453-LLC TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL THEN SUBMIT THE ELECTRONIC 
RETURN TO THE FTB. DO NOT MAIL A PAPER COPY OF THE RETURN TO 
THE FTB. RETURN FORM 8453-LLC TO US BY SEPTEMBER 15, 2017. 
NO PAYMENT IS REQUIRED AS YOU ARE TO RECEIVE A REFUND IN THE 
AMOUNT OF $7,200.00. 
YOUR ANNUAL TAX PAYMENT AMOUNT OF $800.00 WILL BE 
AUTOMATICALLY WITHDRAWN FROM THE BANK ACCOUNT ENDING IN 0157 
ON OR AFTER SEPTEMBER 12, 2017. REFER TO FORM 568 ON THE 
DIRECT DEPOSIT/DEBIT REPORT FOR COMPLETE ACCOUNT INFORMATION. 
THE NEW YORK FORM IT-204 RETURN HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR 
ELECTRONIC FILING. IF YOU WISH TO HAVE IT TRANSMITTED 
ELECTRONICALLY TO THE NYSDTF, PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN 
FORM TR-579-PT TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL THEN SUBMIT THE 
ELECTRONIC RETURN TO THE NYSDTF. DO NOT MAIL A PAPER COPY OF 
THE RETURN TO THE NYSDTF. RETURN FORM TR-579-PT TO US BY 
SEPTEMBER 15, 2017. 
NO PAYMENT IS REQUIRED WITH THIS RETURN WHEN FILED. 
EFTA00806114
--- PAGE 3 ---
THE FLORIDA FORM F-1065 SHOULD BE MAILED ON OR BEFORE OCTOBER 
2, 2017 TO: 
FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE 
5050 W. TENNESSEE STREET 
TALLAHASSEE, FL 32399-0135 
THE NEW YORK CITY FORM NYC-204 RETURN HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR 
ELECTRONIC FILING. IF YOU WISH TO HAVE IT TRANSMITTED 
ELECTRONICALLY TO THE NYC DOF, PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN 
NYC-579-UBTP TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL THEN SUBMIT THE 
ELECTRONIC RETURN TO THE NYC DOF. DO NOT MAIL A PAPER COPY 
OF THE RETURN TO THE NYC DOF. RETURN NYC-579-UBTP TO US BY 
SEPTEMBER 15, 2017. 
NO PAYMENT IS REQUIRED WITH THIS RETURN WHEN FILED. 
YOUR OVERPAYMENT IN THE AMOUNT OF $30,257.00 HAS BEEN APPLIED 
TO YOUR NEW YORK CITY ESTIMATED TAX. 
THE NEW YORK CITY ESTIMATED INCOME TAX DUE DATES AND REQUIRED 
PAYMENTS ARE AS FOLLOWS: 
INSTALLMENT NO. 3 BY 09/15/17  
$51,833 
INSTALLMENT NO. 4 BY 01/16/18  
$37,270 
MAIL THE NEW YORK CITY ESTIMATED TAX PAYMENTS TO: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
P.O. BOX 3923 
NEW YORK, NY 10008-3923 
ATTACHED ARE SCHEDULES K-1 FOR ALL MEMBERS INDICATING THEIR 
SHARE OF INCOME, DEDUCTIONS AND CREDITS TO BE REPORTED ON 
THEIR RESPECTIVE TAX RETURNS. THESE SCHEDULES SHOULD BE 
IMMEDIATELY FORWARDED TO EACH OF THE MEMBERS. 
COPIES OF THE RETURNS ARE ENCLOSED FOR YOUR FILES. WE 
SUGGEST THAT YOU RETAIN THESE COPIES INDEFINITELY. 
VERY TRULY YOURS, 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER, P.C. 
EFTA00806115
--- PAGE 4 ---
TAX RETURN FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
REPORT OF FOREIGN BANK AND FINANCIAL ACCOUNTS 
Prepared for 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Prepared by 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10016-1901 
Form must be 
filed on 
or before 
RETURN FORM 114A TO US BY OCTOBER 15, 2017. 
Special 
Instructions 
FORM 114 HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR ELECTRONIC FILING. PLEASE SIGN, 
DATE, AND RETURN FORM 114A TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL THEN 
TRANSMIT YOUR REPORT TO THE FINCEN. 
600397 
04.01.16 
EFTA00806116
--- PAGE 5 ---
2016 TAX RETURN FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
U.S. RETURN OF PARTNERSHIP INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDING 
DECEMBER 31, 2016 
Pmoamdtor 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Prepared by 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10016-1901 
To be signed and 
dated by 
A MEMBER MANAGER OF THE LLC 
Amount of tax 
NOT APPLICABLE 
Mailtaxretum 
to 
THIS RETURN HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR ELECTRONIC FILING. TO HAVE 
IT TRANSMITTED ELECTRONICALLY TO THE IRS, PLEASE SIGN, DATE, 
AND RETURN FORM 8879-PE TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL THEN SUBMIT 
YOUR ELECTRONIC RETURN. 
Forms to be 
distributed 
to partners 
ENCLOSED ARE COPIES OF SCHEDULE K-1 TO BE DISTRIBUTED TO THE 
MEMBERS. 
Retummustbe 
mailed on 
or before 
RETURN FEDERAL FORM 8879-PE TO US BY SEPTEMBER 15, 2017. 
Special 
Instructions 
DO NOT MAIL THE PAPER COPY OF THE RETURN TO THE IRS. 
610145 04-01.16 
EFTA00806117
--- PAGE 6 ---
Two-Year Comparison - Partnership 
2016 
Name of partnership 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Employer identification number 
13-3495607 
Description 
Prior Year 
Current Year 
Increase 
(Decrease) 
NUMBER OF PARTNERS 
3. 
3. 
0. 
TRADE OR BUSINESS INCOME OR LOSS: 
INCOME: 
GROSS RECEIPTS OR SALES 
20,059,894. 20,803,273. 
743,379. 
GROSS PROFIT 
20,059,894. 20,803,273. 
743,379. 
INCOME (LOSS) FROM PASSTHROUGHS 
248,456. 
137,818. 
-110,638. 
OTHER INCOME (LOSS) 
-234,496. 
-156,411. 
78,085. 
TOTAL INCOME (LOSS) 
20,073,854. 20,784,680. 
710,826. 
DEDUCTIONS: 
SALARIES AND WAGES 
11,291,732. 12,181,179. 
889,447. 
REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE 
414,619. 
416,838. 
2,219. 
BAD DEBTS 
8,131. 
0. 
-8,131. 
RENT 
749,810. 
815,645. 
65,835. 
TAXES AND LICENSES 
769,540. 
772,275. 
2,735. 
INTEREST 
0. 
72. 
72. 
DEPRECIATION 
120,998. 
44,543. 
-76,455. 
RETIREMENT PLANS 
106,026. 
111,980. 
5,954. 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PROGRAMS 
338,804. 
379,739. 
40,935. 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
3,858,292. 
3,561,967. 
-296,325. 
TOTAL DEDUCTIONS 
17,657,952. 18,284,238. 
626,286. 
ORDINARY INCOME (LOSS) 
2,415,902. 
2,500,442. 
84,540. 
SCHEDULE K: 
INCOME (LOSS): 
ORDINARY TRADE/BUSINESS INCOME/LOSS 
2,415,902. 
2,500,442. 
84,540. 
INTEREST INCOME 
17,910. 
15,968. 
-1,942. 
DEDUCTIONS: 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
103,335. 
12,512. 
-90,823. 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
191,194. 
64,523. 
-126,671. 
INVESTMENT INTEREST: 
61181! O4 01.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806118
--- PAGE 7 ---
Two-Year Comparison - Partnership 
2016 
Name of partnership 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Employer idenbfication number 
13-3495607 
Description 
Prior Year 
Current Year 
Increase 
(Decrease) 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
17,910. 
15,9.8. 
-1,942. 
JUSTMENTS AND TAX PREFERENCES: 
"EPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT 
102. 
161. 
59. 
THER ADJUSTMENTS/TAX PREFERENCES 
-1,078. 
0. 
1,078. 
THER: 
ONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
118,554. 
127,818. 
9,264. 
ISTRIBUTIONS OF MONEY 
3,000,000. 
2,250,000. 
-750,000. 
SCHEDULE M-1: 
ET INCOME (LOSS) PER BOOKS 
2,319,987. 
2,748,386. 
428,399. 
"EPRECIATION ON BOOKS NOT ON SCH K 
0. 
55,231. 
55,231. 
RAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
90,792. 
76,747. 
-14,045. 
THER BOOK EXPENSES NOT ON SCH K 
143,715. 
148,663. 
4,948. 
OTAL- NET BOOK INC THROUGH EXPENSE 
2,554,494. 
3,029,027. 
474,533. 
THER BOOK INCOME NOT ON SCH K 
82,521. 
60,281. 
-22,240. 
"EPRECIATION ON SCH K NOT ON BOOKS 
152,866. 
0. 
-152,866. 
THER SCH K DED NOT ON BOOKS 
179,824. 
529,371. 
349,547. 
OTAL- BOOK INC THROUGH SCH K DED 
415,211. 
589,652. 
174,441. 
INCOME (LOSS) 
2,139,283. 
2,439,375. 
300,092. 
SCHEDULE M-2: 
APITAL AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 
1,851,584. 
1,171,571. 
-680,013. 
ET INCOME (LOSS) PER BOOKS 
2,319,987. 
2,748,386. 
428,399. 
OTAL- BEGINNING CAP THROUGH INCR 
4,171,571. 
3,919,957. 
-251,614. 
ASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
3,000,000. 
2,250,000. 
-750,000. 
OTAL- CASH CONT THROUGH OTHER DECR 
3,000,000. 
2,250,000. 
-750,000. 
APITAL BALANCE AT END OF YEAR 
1,171,571. 
1,669,957. 
498,386. 
61181! O4 01.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806119
--- PAGE 8 ---
Expanded Capital Account Summary 
Name NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
M. 
Number 13-3495607 
CLAXON INC 
Partner 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Partner's Identification 
Number 
WATTS STREET 
Number 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
13-3508513 
Beginning 
Capital 
Schedule M-2, 
Capital 
Contributed 
Lines 3,487 
492,058. 
1,154,322. 
Withdrawals 
945,000. 
Ending 
Capital 
701,380. 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
Partner 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Partner's Identification 
Number 
WATTS STREET 
Number 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
13-3501977 
Beginning 
Capital 
Schedule M-2, 
Capital 
Contributed 
Lines 3,487 
363,187. 
852,000. 
Withdrawals 
697,500. 
Ending 
Capital 
517,687. 
THE WILCOR GROUP INC. 
Partner 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Partner's Identification 
Number 
WATTS STREET 
Number 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
13-3682060 
Beginning 
Capital 
Schedule M-2, 
Capital 
Contributed 
Lines 3,487 
316,326. 
742,064. 
Withdrawals 
607,500. 
Ending 
Capital 
450,890. 
Partner 
Partner's Identification 
Number 
Number 
Beginning 
Capital 
Schedule M-2, 
Capital 
Contributed 
Lines 3, 4 & 7 
Withdrawals 
Ending 
Capital 
Total For All Partner's Capital Accounts 
Beginning 
Capital 
Schedule M-2, 
Capital 
Contributed 
Lines 3,487 
1,171,571. 
0. 
2,748,386. 
Withdrawals 
2,250,000. 
Ending 
Capital 
1,669,957. 
611911 
04.01.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806120
--- PAGE 9 ---
CALIFORNIA 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Property Apportionment Detail Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Inventories 
Land  
Buildings  
Buildings - accumulated depredation  
Machinery  
Equipment  
Machinery and equipment - accumulated 
depreciation  
Furniture and fixtures  
Furniture and fixtures - accumulated depreciation 
Transportation/delivery equipment  
Transportation/delivery equipment - accumulated 
depreciation  
Other depreciable assets  
Other depreciable assets - accumulated 
depreciation  
Depletable assets  
Depletable assets - accumulated depletion  
Leasehold improvements 
Leasehold improvements - accumulated 
amortization 
Supplies  
Other tangble properly  
Buildings - construction in progress  
Machinery - construction in prowess  
Equipment - construction in progress  
Transportation/delivery - construction in progress 
Other - construction in progress  
Less: Total construction in progress  
Miscelaneous other  
Subtotals  
Average property  
Real property rented - rental expense (multiplied 
by applicable factor)  
Tangble property rented - rental expense 
(multiplied by applicable factor)  
Miscelaneous rental expense (multiplied by 
applicable factor)  
Total property  
. • Not Applicable 
612261 
010146 
V ain 
Everywhere 
Beginning of Year 
End of Year 
Beginning of Year 
End of Year 
274,770. 
279,697. 
1,713,186. 
1,718,113. 
50,344. 
50,344. 
662,281. 
662,281. 
0. 
0. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
89,113. 
136,109. 
1,686,953. 
1,746,549. 
-----414,227. 
466,150. 
4,218,023. 
4,282,546. 
440,189. 
4,250,285. 
1,230,552. 
7,286,288. 
1,670,741. 
11,536,573. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806121
--- PAGE 10 ---
FLORIDA 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Property Apportionment Detail Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Inventories 
Land  
Buildings  
Buildings - accumulated depredation  
Machinery  
Equipment  
Machinery and equipment - accumulated 
depreciation  
Furniture and fixtures  
Furniture and fixtures - accumulated depreciation 
Transportation/delivery equipment  
Transportation/delivery equipment - accumulated 
depreciation  
Other depreciable assets  
Other depreciable assets - accumulated 
depreciation  
Depletable assets  
Depletable assets - accumulated depletion  
Leasehold improvements 
Leasehold improvements - accumulated 
amortization 
Supplies  
Other tangble properly  
Buildings - construction in progress  
Machinery - construction in prowess  
Equipment - construction in progress  
Transportation/delivery - construction in progress 
Other - construction in progress  
Less: Total construction in progress  
Miscelaneous other  
Subtotals  
Average property  
Real property rented - rental expense (multiplied 
by applicable factor)  
Tangble property rented - rental expense 
(multiplied by applicable factor)  
Miscelaneous rental expense (multiplied by 
applicable factor)  
Total property  
. • Not Applicable 
612261 
010146 
V ain 
Everywhere 
Beginning of Year 
End of Year 
Beginning of Year 
End of Year 
327,985. 
327,985. 
1,713,186. 
1,718,113. 
77,707. 
77,707. 
662,281. 
662,281. 
0. 
0. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
68,725. 
68,725. 
1,686,953. 
1,746,549. 
-----474,417. 
474,417. 
4,218,023. 
4,282,546. 
474,417. 
4,250,285. 
931,768. 
7,286,288. 
1,406,185. 
11,536,573. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806122
--- PAGE 11 ---
NEW YORK 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Property Apportionment Detail Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Inventories 
Land  
Buildings  
Buildings - accumulated depredation  
Machinery  
Equipment  
Machinery and equipment - accumulated 
depreciation  
Furniture and fixtures  
Furniture and fixtures - accumulated depreciation 
Transportation/delivery equipment  
Transportation/delivery equipment - accumulated 
depreciation  
Other depreciable assets  
Other depreciable assets - accumulated 
depreciation  
Depletable assets  
Depletable assets - accumulated depletion  
Leasehold improvements 
Leasehold improvements - accumulated 
amortization 
Supplies  
Other tangble properly  
Buildings - construction in progress  
Machinery - construction in prowess  
Equipment - construction in progress  
Transportation/delivery - construction in progress 
Other - construction in progress  
Less: Total construction in progress  
Miscelaneous other  
Subtotals  
Average property  
Real property rented - rental expense (multiplied 
by applicable factor)  
Tangble property rented - rental expense 
(multiplied by applicable factor)  
Miscelaneous rental expense (multiplied by 
applicable factor)  
Total property  
• Not Applicable 
612261 
010146 
Within 
Everywhere 
Beginning of Year 
End of Year 
Beginning of Year 
End of Year 
1,110,431. 
1,110,431. 
1,713,186. 
1,718,113. 
1,094,855. 
1,094,855. 
1,666,903. 
1,669,860. 
534,230. 
534,230. 
662,281. 
662,281. 
453,344. 
453,344. 
572,033. 
572,033. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
47,545. 
74,532. 
47,545. 
74,532. 
1,529,115. 
1,541,715. 
1,686,953. 
1,746,549. 
1,128,701. 
1,147,980. 
1,204,997. 
1,250,405. 
----704,934. 
571,268. 
726,545. 
715,716. 
588,101. 
721,131. 
5,123,968. 
7,286,288. 
5,712,069. 
8,007,419. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806123
--- PAGE 12 ---
NEW YORK CITY 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Property Apportionment Detail Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Inventories 
Land  
Buildings  
Buildings - accumulated depredation  
Machinery  
Equipment  
Machinery and equipment - accumulated 
depreciation  
Furniture and fixtures  
Furniture and fixtures - accumulated depreciation 
Transportation/delivery equipment  
Transportation/delivery equipment - accumulated 
depreciation  
Other depreciable assets  
Other depreciable assets - accumulated 
depreciation  
Depletable assets  
Depletable assets - accumulated depletion  
Leasehold improvements 
Leasehold improvements - accumulated 
amortization 
Supplies  
Other tangble properly  
Buildings - construction in progress  
Machinery - construction in prowess  
Equipment - construction in progress  
Transportation/delivery - construction in progress 
Other - construction in progress  
Less: Total construction in progress  
Miscelaneous other  
Subtotals  
Average property  
Real property rented - rental expense (multiplied 
by applicable factor)  
Tangble property rented - rental expense 
(multiplied by applicable factor)  
Miscelaneous rental expense (multiplied by 
applicable factor)  
Total property  
. • Not Applicable 
612261 
010146 
Within 
Everywhere 
Beginning of Year 
End of Year 
Beginning of Year 
End of Year 
1,110,431. 
1,110,431. 
1,713,186. 
1,718,113. 
1,094,855. 
1,094,855. 
1,666,903. 
1,669,860. 
534,230. 
534,230. 
662,281. 
662,281. 
453,344. 
453,344. 
572,033. 
572,033. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
47,545. 
74,532. 
47,545. 
74,532. 
-----104,520. 
177,533. 
244,589. 
219,572. 
191,027. 
232,081. 
5,123,968. 
7,286,288. 
5,314,995. 
7,518,369. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806124
--- PAGE 13 ---
NEW YORK MCTD 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Property Apportionment Detail Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Inventories 
Land  
Buildings  
Buildings - accumulated depredation  
Machinery  
Equipment  
Machinery and equipment - accumulated 
depreciation  
Furniture and fixtures  
Furniture and fixtures - accumulated depreciation 
Transportation/delivery equipment  
Transportation/delivery equipment - accumulated 
depreciation  
Other depreciable assets  
Other depreciable assets - accumulated 
depreciation  
Depletable assets  
Depletable assets - accumulated depletion  
Leasehold improvements 
Leasehold improvements - accumulated 
amortization 
Supplies  
Other tangble properly  
Buildings - construction in progress  
Machinery - construction in prowess  
Equipment - construction in progress  
Transportation/delivery - construction in progress 
Other - construction in progress  
Less: Total construction in progress  
Miscelaneous other  
Subtotals  
Average property  
Real property rented - rental expense (multiplied 
by applicable factor)  
Tangble property rented - rental expense 
(multiplied by applicable factor)  
Miscelaneous rental expense (multiplied by 
applicable factor)  
Total property  
. • Not Applicable 
612261 
010146 
Within 
Everywhere 
Beginning of Year 
End of Year 
Beginning of Year 
End of Year 
1,110,431. 
1,110,431. 
1,713,186. 
1,718,113. 
1,094,855. 
1,094,855. 
1,666,903. 
1,669,860. 
534,230. 
534,230. 
662,281. 
662,281. 
453,344. 
453,344. 
572,033. 
572,033. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
155,603. 
47,545. 
74,532. 
47,545. 
74,532. 
-----104,520. 
177,533. 
244,589. 
219,572. 
191,027. 
232,081. 
5,123,968. 
7,286,288. 
5,314,995. 
7,518,369. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806125
--- PAGE 14 ---
CALIFORNIA 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Payroll Apportionment 
Cost of goods sold 
Payroll and Sales Apportionment Detail Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Cost of operations  
Compensation of officers  
Salesmen's salaries  
Salesmen's commissions  
General and administrative wages and salaries  
Repairs 
Others  
Miscellaneous other  
Total payroll  
Sales Apportionment 
Sales of tangible personal properly  
- Returns and allowances  
Sales from outside the state to within the state  
Sales from within the state to within the state  
Sales from within the state to U.S. government 
Sales from within the state to nontaxable jurisdictions  
Interest  
Dividends  
Rents 
Royalties  
Gain from sales of real and tangtle personal property  
Gain from sales of intangibles  
Service income  
Other receipts  
Miscellaneous other  
Total sales  
• Not Applicable 
Within 
Everywhere 
0. 
290,092. 
2,247,039. 11,944,848. 
2,247,039. 12,234,940. 
Within 
Everywhere 
0. 
15,968. 
5,191,437. 21,727,304. 
5,191,437. 21,743,272. 
612271 
04.01.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806126
--- PAGE 15 ---
FLORIDA 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Payroll Apportionment 
Cost of goods sold 
Payroll and Sales Apportionment Detail Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Cost of operations  
Compensation of officers  
Salesmen's salaries  
Salesmen's commissions  
General and administrative wages and salaries  
Repairs 
Others  
Miscellaneous other  
Total payroll  
Sales Apportionment 
Sales of tangible personal properly  
- Returns and allowances  
Sales from outside the state to within the state  
Sales from within the state to within the state  
Sales from within the state to U.S. government 
Sales from within the state to nontaxable jurisdictions  
Interest  
Dividends  
Rents 
Royalties  
Gain from sales of real and tangtle personal property  
Gain from sales of intangibles  
Service income  
Other receipts  
Miscellaneous other  
Total sales  
• Not Applicable 
Within 
Everywhere 
0. 
290,092. 
976,440. 11,944,848. 
976,440. 12,234,940. 
Within 
Everywhere 
0. 
15,968. 
1,891,925. 21,727,304. 
1,891,925. 21,743,272. 
612271 
04.01.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806127
--- PAGE 16 ---
NEW YORK 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Payroll Apportionment 
Cost of goods sold 
Payroll and Sales Apportionment Detail Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Cost of operations  
Compensation of officers  
Salesmen's salaries  
Salesmen's commissions  
General and administrative wages and salaries  
Repairs 
Others  
Miscellaneous other  
Total payroll  
Sales Apportionment 
Sales of tangible personal properly  
- Returns and allowances  
Sales from outside the state to within the state  
Sales from within the state to within the state  
Sales from within the state to U.S. government 
Sales from within the state to nontaxable jurisdictions  
Interest  
Dividends  
Rents 
Royalties  
Gain from sales of real and tangtle personal property  
Gain from sales of intangibles  
Service income  
Other receipts  
Miscellaneous other  
Total sales  
• Not Applicable 
Within 
Everywhere 
8,721,369. 11,944,848. 
8,721,369. 11,944,848. 
Within 
Everywhere 
14,643,942. 21,727,304. 
14,643,942.
21,727,304. 
612271 
04.01.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806128
--- PAGE 17 ---
NEW YORK CITY 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Payroll Apportionment 
Cost of goods sold 
Payroll and Sales Apportionment Detail Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Cost of operations  
Compensation of officers  
Salesmen's salaries  
Salesmen's commissions  
General and administrative wages and salaries  
Repairs 
Others  
Miscellaneous other  
Total payroll  
Sales Apportionment 
Sales of tangible personal properly  
- Returns and allowances  
Sales from outside the state to within the state  
Sales from within the state to within the state  
Sales from within the state to U.S. government 
Sales from within the state to nontaxable jurisdictions  
Interest  
Dividends  
Rents 
Royalties  
Gain from sales of real and tangtle personal property  
Gain from sales of intangibles  
Service income  
Other receipts  
Miscellaneous other  
Total sales  
• Not Applicable 
Within 
Everywhere 
8,721,369. 11,944,848. 
8,721,369.
11,944,848. 
Within 
Everywhere 
14,643,942. 21,727,304. 
14,643,942.
21,727,304. 
612271 
04.01.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806129
--- PAGE 18 ---
NEW YORK MCTD 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Payroll Apportionment 
Cost of goods sold 
Payroll and Sales Apportionment Detail Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Cost of operations  
Compensation of officers  
Salesmen's salaries  
Salesmen's commissions  
General and administrative wages and salaries  
Repairs 
Others  
Miscellaneous other  
Total payroll  
Sales Apportionment 
Sales of tangible personal properly  
- Returns and allowances  
Sales from outside the state to within the state  
Sales from within the state to within the state  
Sales from within the state to U.S. government 
Sales from within the state to nontaxable jurisdictions  
Interest  
Dividends  
Rents 
Royalties  
Gain from sales of real and tangtle personal property  
Gain from sales of intangibles  
Service income  
Other receipts  
Miscellaneous other  
Total sales  
• Not Applicable 
Within 
Everywhere 
8,721,369. 11,944,848. 
8,721,369.
11,944,848. 
Within 
Everywhere 
14,643,942. 21,727,304. 
14,643,942.
21,727,304. 
612271 
04.01.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806130
--- PAGE 19 ---
PROPERTY FACTOR 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Apportionment Summary Worksheet 
Alabama  
Alaska 
Arizona  
Arkansas 
California  
Colorado 
Connecticut  
Delaware 
District of Columbia  
Florida 
Georgia  
Hawaii 
Idaho  
Illinois  
Indiana  
Iowa  
Kansas  
Kentudcy  
Louisiana  
Maine  
Maryland  
Massachusetts  
Michigan 
Minnesota  
Mississippi  
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska  
Nevada  
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico  
New York  
North Carolina  
North Dakota  
Ohio 
Oklahoma  
Oregon  
Pennsylvania  
Rhode Island  
South Carolina  
South Dakota 
Tennessee  
Texas  
Utah 
Vermont  
Virginia  
Washington  
West Virginia  
Wsconsin  
Wyoming  
Foreign  
Other  
Total  
HMS 
041-0 
2016 
13-3495607 
WITHIN 
EVERYWHERE 
UNWEIGHTED 
WEIGHTED 
1,570,178. 12,400,790. 
.126619 
.126619 
5,712,068. 
8,007,418. 
.713347 
.713347 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
.839966 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806131
--- PAGE 20 ---
PROPERTY FACTOR 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Apportionment Summary Worksheet (Continued) 
2016 
13-3495607 
• Battle Creek  
' Detroit 
• Flint 
• Grand Rapids 
' Highland Park  
' Lansing  
• Pontiac  
• Port Huron  
' Saginaw  
' New York City  
' New York - MCTD 
' Muskegon  
' Muskegon Heights  
' Not included in everywhere totals 
WITHIN 
EVERYWHERE 
UNWEIGHTED 
WEIGHTED 
.713300 
.713300 
610732 
0303% 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806132
--- PAGE 21 ---
PAYROLL FACTOR 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Apportionment Summary Worksheet 
Alabama  
Alaska 
Arizona  
Arkansas 
California  
Colorado 
Connecticut  
Delaware 
District of Columbia  
Florida 
Georgia  
Hawaii 
Idaho  
Illinois  
Indiana  
Iowa  
Kansas  
Kentudcy  
Louisiana  
Maine  
Maryland  
Massachusetts  
Michigan 
Minnesota  
Mississippi  
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska  
Nevada  
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico  
New York  
North Carolina  
North Dakota  
Ohio 
Oklahoma  
Oregon  
Pennsylvania  
Rhode Island  
South Carolina  
South Dakota 
Tennessee  
Texas  
Utah 
Vermont  
Virginia  
Washington  
West Virginia  
Wsconsin  
Wyoming  
Foreign  
Other  
Total  
HMS 
041-0 
2016 
13-3495607 
WITHIN 
EVERYWHERE 
UNWEIGHTED 
WEIGHTED 
976,440. 12,234,940. 
.079808 
.079808 
9,011,461. 12,234,940. 
.736535 
.736535 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
.816343 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806133
--- PAGE 22 ---
PAYROLL FACTOR 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Apportionment Summary Worksheet (Continued) 
2016 
13-3495607 
• Battle Creek  
' Detroit 
• Flint 
• Grand Rapids 
' Highland Park  
' Lansing  
• Pontiac  
• Port Huron  
' Saginaw  
' New York City  
' New York - MCTD 
' Muskegon  
' Muskegon Heights  
' Not included in everywhere totals 
WITHIN 
EVERYWHERE 
UNWEIGHTED 
WEIGHTED 
9,011,461. 12,234,940. 
.736500 
.736500 
610732 
0303% 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806134
--- PAGE 23 ---
SALES FACTOR 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Apportionment Summary Worksheet 
Alabama  
Alaska 
Arizona  
Arkansas 
California  
Colorado 
Connecticut  
Delaware 
District of Columbia  
Florida 
Georgia  
Hawaii 
Idaho  
Illinois  
Indiana  
Iowa  
Kansas  
Kentudcy  
Louisiana  
Maine  
Maryland  
Massachusetts  
Michigan 
Minnesota  
Mississippi  
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska  
Nevada  
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico  
New York  
North Carolina  
North Dakota  
Ohio 
Oklahoma  
Oregon  
Pennsylvania  
Rhode Island  
South Carolina  
South Dakota 
Tennessee  
Texas  
Utah 
Vermont  
Virginia  
Washington 
West Virginia  
Waconsin  
Wyoming  
Foreign  
Other  
Total  
HMS 
041-0 
2016 
13-3495607 
WITHIN 
EVERYWHERE 
UNWEIGHTED 
WEIGHTED 
5,191,437. 21,743,272. 
.238761 
.238761 
1,891,925. 21,743,272. 
.087012 
.087012 
14,659,910. 21,743,272. 
.674227 
.674227 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
1.000000 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806135
--- PAGE 24 ---
SALES FACTOR 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Apportionment Summary Worksheet (Continued) 
2016 
13-3495607 
• Battle Creek  
' Detroit 
• Flint 
• Grand Rapids 
' Highland Park  
' Lansing  
• Pontiac  
• Port Huron  
' Saginaw  
' New York City  
' New York - MCTD 
' Muskegon  
' Muskegon Heights  
' Not included in everywhere totals 
WITHIN 
EVERYWHERE 
UNWEIGHTED 
WEIGHTED 
14,659,692. 21,743,272. 
.674200 
.674200 
610732 
0303% 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806136
--- PAGE 25 ---
SUMMARY 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
SUMMARY OF FACTORS 
Alabama  
Alaska 
Arizona  
Arkansas 
Calitomia  
Colorado  
Connecticut  
Delaware 
District of Columbia  
Florida  
Georgia  
Hawaii  
Idaho  
Illinois  
Indiana  
Iowa  
Kansas  
Kentucky  
Louisiana  
Maine  
Maryland  
Massachusetts  
Michigan  
Minnesota  
Mississippi  
Missouri  
Montana 
Nebraska  
Nevada  
New Hampshire  
New Jersey  
New Mexico  
New York  
North Carolina  
North Dakota  
Ohio  
Oklahoma  
Oregon  
Pennsylvania  
Rhode Island  
South Carolina  
South Dakota 
Tennessee  
Texas  
Utah 
Vermont  
Virginia  
Washington  
West Virginia  
Yfaconsin  
Wyoming  
Foreign  
Other  
Apportionment Summary Worksheet 
2016 
13-3495607 
Total  
610781 
04.O1-iS 
PROPERTY 
PAYROLL 
SALES 
APPORTIONMENT 
.238761 
.238761 
.126619 
.079808 
.087012 
.097813 
.713347 
.736535 
.674227 
.708036 
.839966 
.816343 
1.000000 
1.044610 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806137
--- PAGE 26 ---
SUMMARY 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Apportionment Summary Worksheet (Continued) 
2016 
13-3495607 
SUMMARY OF FACTORS 
• Battle Creek  
' Detroit 
• Flint 
• Grand Rapids 
' Highland Park  
' Lansing  
• Pontiac  
• Port Huron  
' Saginaw  
' New York City  
' New York - MCTD 
' Muskegon  
' Muskegon Heights  
' Not included in everywhere totals 
PROPERTY 
PAYROLL 
SALES 
APPORTIONMENT 
.713300 
.736500 
.674200 
.680800 
610732 
0303% 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806138
--- PAGE 27 ---
Form 114a 
Department of the Treasury 
Financial Crimes Enforcement 
Network (FinCEN) 
May 2015 
Record of Authorization to 
Electronically File FBARs 
(See instructions below for completion) 
Do not send to FinCEN. Retain this form for your records. 
NEXTMAN20160001 
The form 114a may be digitally signed 
Part I 
Persons who have an obligation to file a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Account(s) 
1. Owner last name or entity's legal name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2. Owner first name 
3. Owner M.I. 
4. Spouse last name Of jointly filing FBAR - see instiuctions below) 
5. Spouse first name 
6. Spouse M.I. 
Vwe declare that Vwe have provided information concerning 
(enter number of accounts) foreign bank and financial account(s) for the 
filing year ending December 31. 2016 to the preparer listed in Part II: that this information is to the best of my/our knowledge true. correct. 
and complete: that Vwe authorize the preparer listed in Part II to complete and submit to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FriCEN) a 
Report of Foreign Bank and Fnancial Accounts (FBAR) based on the information that Vwe have provided: and that Vwe authorize the preparer 
listed in Part II to receive information from FinCEN. answer inquiries and resolve issues relating to this submission. Vwe acknowledge that. 
notwithstanding this declaration, it is my/our legal responsibility, not that of the preparer listed in Part II. to timely file an FBAR if required by law 
to do so. 
7. Owner signature (Authorized representative if entity) 
8. Date 
9. Owner or entity TIN 
10. TIN 
a al 
EIN 
type b 0 
SSWITIN 
c 0 
Foreign 
MM DD 
YYYY 
11. Spouse signature 
12. Date 
13. Spouse TIN 
14. TIN 
a Li EIN 
type 
b 0 
SSN/ITIN 
c 0 
Foreign 
MM DD 
YYYY 
Part II I Individual or Entity Authorized to File FBAR on behalf of Persons who have an obligation to file. 
15. Preparer last name 
PRESS 
16. Preparer first name 
GARY 
17. Preparer M.I. 
W 
18. Preparer PTIN 
19. Address 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
20. City 
NEW YORK 
21. State 
PY 
22. ZIP/postal code 
100161901 
23. Country 
code 
US 
24. Preparers (item 15) employers (En ity) name 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
25. Employer EIN 
13-3050313 
26. Preparers gnature 
GARY W. PRESS 
Instructions for completing the FBAR S gnature Authorization Record 
This record may be completed by the individual or entity granting such authorization (Part I) OR the individuaVentity authorized to perform such 
services. The completed record must be signed by the individual(syentity grant ng the authorization (Part I) and the individuaVentity that will file the 
FBAR. The Preparer/filing entity must be registered with FinCEN BSA EFile system. (See http://bsaefiling.fincentreas.gov/main.html for registration). 
Read and complete the account owner statement in Part I. 
To authorize a third party to file the Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts Report (FBAR), the account owner should complete Part I. items 1 through 
(as required), sign and date the document in Part I. items 7/8 and complete items 9 and 10. Item 7 may be digitally signed. 
Accounts Jointly Owned by Spouses (see exceptions in the FBAR instructions) 
If the account owner is filing an FBAR jointly with his/her spouse. the spouse must also complete Part I. items 4 through 6. The spouse must also 
sign and date the report in items 11/12. (item 11 may be digitally signed) and complete items 13 and 14. A third party preparer may be one of the 
spouses of the jointly owned foreign account. In this case, both spouses must complete Part I of form 114a in its entirety. The third party preparer 
(spouse) that will file the FBAR on behalf of both spouses will complete Part II in its entirety (do not use such terms as see above, or same as item 
number x). 
Complete Part II. items 15 through 18 with the preparer's information. The address, items 19 through 23, is that of the preparer or the preparer's 
employer if the preparer is an employee. Record the employer's information (if any) in items 24 and 25. If the preparer does not have a PTIN. leave 
item 18 blank. The third party preparer must sign in item 26 (digital signature acceptable) of Part II indicating that the FBAR will be filed as directed 
by the authorizing authority. 
The person(s) listed in Part I, and the person listed in Part II as authorized to file on behalf of the person(s) listed in Part I. should retain copies 
of this record of authorization and the filing itself, both for a period of 5 years. See 31 CFR 1010.430(d). 
DO NOT SEND THIS RECORD TO FinCEN UNLESS REQUESTED TO DO SO. 
620011 04-01.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Rev. 10.7 May 21.2015 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806139
--- PAGE 28 ---
Faro 8879-PE 
Department lot Ina Bonney 
Interne Revenue Senile* 
IRS e-file Signature Authorization 
for Form 1065 
Ir. Don't send to the IRS. Keep for your records. 
Ir. Information about Form 8879-PE and its instructions is at www.frs.govilomt88790. 
FOf calendar near 2016. a tax year beginning 
. 2016. ending 
OMB No. 1545-012 
2016 
Name of partnership 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Employer identification number 
13-3495607 
I Part 
Tax Return Information (Whole dollars only) 
Gross receipts or sales less returns and allowances (Form 1065, line lc)  
Gross profit (Form 1065, line 3)  
Ordinary business income (loss) Worm 1065, line 22)  
Net rental real estate income (loss) (Form 1065, Schedule K. line 2) 
Other net rental income (loss) (Form 1065, Schedule K. line 3c) 
Part II 
Declaration and Signature Authorization of General Partner or Limited Liability Company Member 
Manager (Be sure to get a copy of the partnership's return) 
20,803,273. 
20,803,273. 
2,500,442. 
Under penalties of perjury. I declare that I am a general partner or limited liability company member manager of the above partnership and that I have 
examined a copy of the partnership's 2016 electronic return of partnership income and accompanying schedules and statements and to the best of 
my knowledge and belief. it is true. correct, and complete. I further declare that the amounts in Part I above are the amounts shown on the copy of 
the partnership's electronic return of partnership income. I consent to allow my electronic return originator (ERO). transmitter, or intermediate service 
provider to send the partnership's return to the IRS and to receive from the IRS (a) an acknowledgement of receipt or reason for rejection of the 
transmission and (b) the reason for any delay in processing the return. I have selected a personal identification number (PIN) as my signature for the 
partnership's electronic return of partnership income. 
General Partner or Limited Liability Company Member Manager's PIN: cheek one box only 
®I authorize SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
to enter my PIN 
ERO firm name 
don't 
s 
as my signature on the partnership's 2016 electronically filed return of partnership income. 
Asa general partner or limited liability company member manager of the partnership, I will enter my PIN as my signature on the 
partnership's 2016 electronically filed return of partnership income. 
General partner or limited liability company member manager's signature ► 
rive ill. PRESIDENT OF MEMBER MGR 
Date ► 
Part III I 
Certification and Authentication 
ERO's EFIN/PIN. Enter your sixdigit EFIN followed by your fivedigit self selected PIN. 
don't enter all zeros 
I certify that the above numeric entry is my PIN, which is my signature on the 2016 electronically filed return of partnership income for the partnership 
indicated above. I confirm that I am submitting this return in accordance with the requirements of Pub. 3112. IRS e- file Application and Participation, 
and Pub. 4163, Modernized &File (MeF) Information for Authorized IRS e-file Providers for Business Returns. 
Ili 
ERO's signature ir• 
Date Ile. 09/12/17 
ERO Must Retain This Form - See Instructions 
Don't Submit This Form to the IRS Unless Requested To Do So 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions. 
Form 8879-PE (2016) 
Live 
62103+ +2-06-16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806140
--- PAGE 29 ---
RAT 7004 
(Rev. December 2016) 
Dopattmaat of IN !moray 
Intanal Ronnua Servico 
Application for Automatic Extension of Time To File Certain 
Business Income Tax, Information, and Other Returns 
IP File a separate application for each return. 
IP Information about Form 7004 and its separate instructions Is at www.irs.govilorm7004 . 
OVZ No 1545.0233 
Print 
or 
Type 
NAMO 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Nunibra. Sheet, and ro0rn Cr Sultfr no. OM 00X, 980 O14trIrCbOnS4 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
City, ;Gun, state, aul ZIP code Of a Icteign addiess. ontet oily, pfoonco Cr stars and country (follow the country's awake lot ordering postal codsa. 
Identifying number 
13- 349 5607 
NEW YORK, NY 10 
1 
Note: File request for extension by the due date of the return for which the extension is granted. See instructions before completing this form. 
Part I I Automatic Extension for C Corporations With Tax Years Ending December 31.See instructions. 
" 
• 
la triter me rorm coos ror me return listea oelow mat tills application is ror 
I 
I 
Application 
is For: 
Form 
Code 
Application 
Is For: 
Form 
Code 
Form 1120 
Form 1120ND (section 4951 taxes) 
Form 1120-C 
Form 1120 PC 
Form 1120-F 
Form 1120POL 
Form 1120-FSC 
Form 1120 REIT 
Form 1120-H 
Form 1120RIC 
Form 11201_ 
Form 1120 SF 
Form 1120-ND 
Part II Automatic Extension for Certain Estates and Trusts. See instructions. 
o enter me rorm coop ror me return listea oelow mat tills application is Tor 
Application 
is For: 
Form 
Code 
Application 
Is For: 
Form 
Code 
Form 1041 (estate other than a bankruptcy estate) 
Form 1041 (trust) 
Part III I Automatic Extension for Entities Not Using Part I, II, or IV. See instructions. 
c 
triter me rorm cooe ror me return nstea Delow mat mis application is ror 
i v 2 I 
Application 
Is For: 
Form 
Code 
Application 
Is For: 
Form 
Code 
Form 706-GS(D) 
Form 1120-ND (section 4951 taxes) 
Form 706-GS(T) 
Form 1120 PC 
Form 1041 (bankruptcy estate only) 
Form 1120POL 
Form 1041•N 
Form 1120-REIT 
Form 1041.OFT 
Form 1120RIC 
Form 1042 
Form 1120S 
Form 1065 
Form 1120SF 
Form 1065.8 
Form 3520A 
Form 1066 
Form 8612 
Form 1120 
Form 8613 
Form 1120-C 
Form 8725 
Form 1120-F 
Form 8804 
Form 1120-FSC 
Form 8831 
Form 1120-H 
Form 8876 
Form 1120-L 
Form 8924 
Form 1120-ND 
Form 8928 
Part IV I Automatic Extension for C Corporations With Tax Years Ending June 30. See instructions. 
a enter me rorm cooe ror me return nu:to Delow mat mis application is ror 
I 
I 
Application 
Is For: 
Form 
Code 
Application 
Is For: 
Form 
Code 
Form 1120 
Form 1120ND (section 4951 taxes) 
Form 1120-C 
Form 1120 PC 
Form 1120-F 
Form 1120POL 
Form 1120-FSC 
Form 1120 REIT 
Form 1120-H 
Form 1120RIC 
Form 1120-L 
Form 1120 SF 
Form 1120-ND 
619731 01. 18.17 LHA For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Form 7004 (Rev. 12 2016) 
PNEXT1 0 4 
EFTA00806141
--- PAGE 30 ---
Form 7004 Rev. 12.2016) 
Page 2 
I Part V I All Filers Must Complete This Part 
If the organization is a foreign corporation that does not have an office or place of business in the United States, 
check here 
► 0
If the organization Is a corporation and is the common parent of a group that intends to file a consolidated return, 
check here 
► 0 
If checked, attach a statement listing the name, address, and Employer Identification Number (EIN) for each member 
covered by this application. 
If the organization is a corporation or partnership that qualifies under Regulations section 1.6081.5, check here  
► 0 
6a The application is for calendar year 2 016, or tax year beginning 
, and ending  
b Short tax year. If this tax year is less than 12 months, check the reason L_I Initial return 
Final return 
Change in accounting period 0 
Consolidated return to be filed 0 
Other (see instructions • attach explanation) 
Tentative total tax 
Total payments and credits (see instructions) 
Balance due. Subtract line 7 from line 6 (see instructions) 
r o•in 7004 (Rev. 12.2018) 
619742 01-18-+r 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806142
--- PAGE 31 ---
FINANCIAL CRIMES 
ENFORCEMENT NETWORK 
BSA E-Filing - Report of 
Foreign Bank and Financial 
Accounts (FEAR) 
NEXTMAN20160001 
Filing Name NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Submission Type NEW
PIN NOT REQUIRED 
FinCEN Form 114 
Check here 
if this report is submitted by an authorized third party, and complete the 3rd party prepare( section on page one of the 
report. The E-file system will auto complete item 46. 
NOTE: The FBAR must be received by the Department of the Treasury on or before April 18.2017. An automatic extension to October 16.2017 
is available. 
This report filed late for the following reason (Check only one): 
a 
Forgot to file 
b 
d 
O 
O 
O 
Did not know that I had to file 
Thought account balance was below reporting threshold 
Did not know that my account qualified as foreign 
e 
Account statement not received in time 
z 
ILI Account statement lost (Replacement requested) 
Late receiving missing required account information 
Unable to obtain joint spouse signature in time 
Unable to access BSA Efiling system 
Other (please provide explanation below) 
523151 02-15-1T 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806143
--- PAGE 32 ---
FinCEN Form 114 
REPORT OF FOREIGN BANK 
AND FINANCIAL ACCOUNTS 
Do NOT file with your Federal Tax Return 
This report is for calendar 
year ended 12/31 
2016 
me
Part I 1 Filer information 
Type of filer 
NEXTMAN2 0160001 
a C 
Individual b 
Partnership c 0 
Corporation d D Consolidated e Q 
Fiduciary or other • Enter type 
U.S. Taxpayer Identification Numbs 
133495607
O 
If filer has no U S Identification 
3a TIN type 
Foreign identification (Complete only if item 3 is not applicable) 
Individual's date of birth 
MWDD/YYYY 
SSNATIN a Type: 
Passport IMI Foreign TIN 
Other 
Fl ON 
b Number 
c Country of Issue 
number complete item 4 
Last name or organization name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
?First name 
Middle initial 8a Suffix 
Mailing address (number, street. and apt. or suite no.) 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
City 
State 12 ZIP/Postal Code 
Country 
NEW YORK 
NY 
10013 
USA 
a) Does the filer have a financial interest in 25 or more financial accounts? 
Yes I= 
Enter number of accounts  
 Do not complete Part II or Part III, but maintain records of the information. 
No ILM 
b) Does the filer have signature authority over but no financial interest in 25 or more financial accounts? 
Yes I= 
Enter number of accounts  
 Comp. Fan IV, items 34 through 43 for each person on whose behalf the filer has sign. authority. 
No 
Part III Information on financial account(s) owned separately 
Maximum value of account during calendar year 
15a Amount 16 Type of account aLXJ Bank bLJ Securities cl 
I Other Enter type below 
unknown 
757,007. 
C 
Name of financial institution in which account is held 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK 
other designation 
Mailing address (number, street, apt. or suite no.) of financial institution in which account is held 
125 LONDON WALL 
City 
LONDON 
State, if known 
Foreign postal code, if known 
EC2Y5AJ 
Country 
UNITED KINGDOM 
Isignature' 44a Check here LXJ if this report is completed b a third party preparer and complete the third party preparer section. 
Filer signature 
The Won will be electrcolceily 
signed when died 
Filer title. if not reporting a personal account 
146 Date (MWDD 
Ihka date will auto-I
Men 
the 
HMO is asyttionaIlt signed 
Third Party 
Preparer 
Use Only 
Preparer's last name 
PRESS 
First name 
GARY 
MI 
W 
Checks I if 51 TIN 
self-employed 
51a TIN type I XI PTIN 
SSNATIN C 
Foreign 
Wa Ext. 53 Firm's name 
Firm's TIN 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER P 
54a TIN type LXJ EIN 
C 
Foreign 
Mailing address (number, street. apt. or suite no.)i 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
City 
NEW YORK 
State 58 ZIP/Postal Code 
NY 
100161901 
Country 
US 
623141 04-0.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806144
--- PAGE 33 ---
p 3MIrl Continued - Information on Financial Account(s) Owned Separately 
FORM 114 
Complete a Separate Block for Each Account Owned Separately 
Filing for calendar 
year 
2016 
3-4 Check appropriate Identification Number 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
Foreign Identification Number 
Enter identification number here: 
133495607 
Last Name or Organization Name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Maximum value ol account during calendar year 
806,117. 
Name of Financial Institution in which account is h Id 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK 
other designation 
15a ArnoulMnkmwn 
Li 
Type ol account a I X I Bank b LJ Securities eLJ Other - Enter type below 
tailing Address (Number, Street, Suite Number) of financial institution in which account is held 
125 LONDON WALL 
State. if known 
City 
LONDON 
Maximum value of account during calendar year 
ZIPIPostal Code, if known 
Country 
EC2Y5AJ 
UNITED KINGDOM 
15a Amami Unknown 16 Type ol account a LJ Bank b LI Securities e LJ Other - Enter type below 
Name of Financial Institution in which account is h Id 
Account number or other designation 
Mailing Address (Number, Street, Suite Number) of financial institution in which account is held 
City 
State. if known 
ZIPiPostal Code, if known 
Country 
Maximum value of account during calendar year isa Amami Unkno 
Type ol account a 
Bank b 
Securities e 
Other -Enter type below 
Name of Financial Institution in which account is h Id 
Account number or other designation 
Mailing Address (Number, Street, Suite Number) of financial institution in which account is held 
City 
State. if known 
ZIPiPostal Code, if known 
Country 
Maximum value of account during calendar year isa Amami Unkno 
Type ol account a 
Bank b 
Securities e 
Other -Enter type below 
Name of Financial Institution in which account is h Id 
Account number or other designation 
Mailing Address (Number, Street, Suite Number) of financial institution in which account is held 
City 
State. if known 
ZIPiPostal Code, if known 
Country 
Maximum value of account during calendar year isa Amami Unkno 
Type ol account a 
Bank b 
Securities e 
Other -Enter type below 
Name of Financial Institution in which account is h Id 
Account number or other designation 
Mailing Address (Number, Street, Suite Number) of financial institution in which account is held 
City 
State. if known 
ZIPiPostal Code, if known 
Country 
Maximum value of account during calendar year isa Amami Unkno 
Type ol account a 
Bank b 
Securities e 
Other -Enter type below 
Name of Financial Institution in which account is h Id 
Account number or other designation 
Mailing Address (Number, Street, Suite Number) of financial institution in which account is held 
City 
State. if known 
ZIP,Postal Code, if known 
Country 
620315 07-20.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806145
--- PAGE 34 ---
U.S. Return of Partnership Income 
OMB No. 15454123 
Form 1065 
for calendar Rat 2016. Or tax year begrimes 
Department of Ito Tiaaarry 
tetanal Revenue Santa 
EXTENSION GRANTED TO 09/15/17 
A Rine101 business activity 
arcs nn 
2016 
MODEL AGENCY 
Principal proel,ct a 4,0..1W 
MODELING AGENCY 
G Eibeness code:will:oaf 
812990 
G 
Check applicable boxes: 
(1) L_T Initial return 
(2) LJ Final return 
(3) LJ Name change 
(6) Q 
Technical termination - also check (1) or (2) 
H 
Check accounting method: (1) 0 
Cash 
(2) M 
Accrual 
(3) 0 
Other (specify) ► 
I 
Number of Schedules K-1. Attach one for each person who was a partner at any time during the tax year 
leo 
J 
Check if Schedules C and M-3 are attached 
Type 
or 
Print 
Name or palmothIP 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Nunn., street. and room or see no h a. 
box. see the Ins* magma 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
City a town. Mato a province, country, and ZIP Cr sonar postal code 
D Employs. Icisnilliceilon 
nuMIXt 
13-3495607 
E Date business started 
01/04/1989 
F 
Total assets 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
$19,197,540. 
(4) L_J Address change (5) L_J Amended return 
I I 
Caution. Include only trade or business income and expenses on lines /a through 22 below. See the Instructions for more Information. 
Income 
a Gross receipts or sales  
u 20,803,273. 
20,803,273. 
b Retums and allowances  
lb 
c Balance. Subtract line lb from line la  
Cost of goods sold (attach Form 1125-A)  
Gross profit. Subtract line 2 from line is  
Ordinary income (loss) from other partnerships, estates, and Mists (attach statement) SEE 
Net farm profit (loss) (attach Schedule F (Form 1040)) 
Net gain (loss) from Form 4797, Part II, line 17 (attach Form 4797)  
Other income (loss) (attach statement) 
SEE  STATEMENT 
Total Income (loss). Combine lines 3 through 7  
STATEMENT 1 
lc 
20,803,273. 
137,818. 
-156,411. 
20,784,680. 
Deductions (see the instructions for limitations) 
Salaries and wages (other than to partners) (less employment credits)  
Guaranteed payments to partners  
Repairs and maintenance  
Bad debts  
Rent  
Taxes and licenses  
SEE  STATEMENT 
Interest  
a Depreciation (if required, attach Form 4562)  
44,543. 
12,181,179. 
416,838. 
815,645. 
772,275. 
72. 
44,543. 
I16a1 
b Less depreciation reported on Form 1125-A and elsewhere on return  
 186 
16c 
Depletion (Do not deduct oil and gas depletion.)  
Retirement plans, etc.  
Employee benefit programs  
Other deductions (attach statement) 
SEE STATEMENT 4 
Total deductions. Add the amounts shown in the tar right column for lines 9 through 20 
111,980. 
379,739. 
3,561,967. 
18,284,238. 
Ordinary business income (loss). Subtract line 21 from line 8  
2,500,442. 
Sign 
Here 
Under penaItIOS ot party. I declare that I have examined Inks return. including aCCorratenying SChiadteas and Statement& and to the bcsi of my Imo. Riga and ballet it * the. 
correct, and complies. Deaaration of prepare, tole than goners partner a
 Nary company mambo, Manager) IS based on all inform IRo o' when pRoaret nes any 
k nom4404 
May the IRS &R,4. this Mum 
..lm the prepare, shown below 
bagman:rot general palms or Welted liability company member maneger 
Dr 
meta stir n 
Yes 
No 
Paid 
Preparer 
Use Only 
Pint/Tyee weparees new* 
GARY W. PRESS 
Preparers stratum 
GARY W. PRESS 
Date 
09/12/17 
ONO,  U 
II 
eat-employed 
PIM 
Firm's name is. 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
Feta EIN 
Firm's miens.: Ple6 0 0 
THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10016-1901 
Phone no. 
LHA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate Instructions. 
Form 1065 (2016) 
611001 01-05.17 
EFTA00806146
--- PAGE 35 ---
Form 1065 (2016) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 Page 2 
Schedule B I Other Information 
a 
e 
e 
What type of entity is filing this return? Check the applicable box: 
limited partnership 
limited liability partnership 
b. 
Yes 
No 
Li  Domestic general partnership 
b Li  Domestic 
X 
Fl  Domestic limited liability company d LJ  Domestic 
Q 
Foreign partnership 
f Q 
Other 
At any time during the tax year, was any partner in the partnership a disregarded entity, a partnership (including an entity treated as a 
partnership), a trust, an S corporation, an estate (other than an estate of a deceased partner), or a nominee or similar person? 
a 
b 
At the end of the tax year: 
Did any foreign or domestic corporation, partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership), trust, or tax-exempt organization, or 
any foreign government own, directly or indirectly, an interest of 50% or more in the profit, loss, or capital of the partnership? For rules of 
constructive ownership, see instructions. If "Yes," attach Schedule B-1, Information on Partners Owning 50% or More of the Partnership  
Did any individual or estate own, directly or indirectly, an interest of 50% or mare in the profit, loss, or capital of the partnership? For rules of 
constructive ownership, see instructions. If "Yes," attach Schedule B-1, Information on Partners Owning 50% or More of the Partnership  
X 
X 
a 
At the end of the tax year, did the partnership: 
Own directly 20% or more, or own, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the total voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote of any foreign 
or domestic corporation? For rules of constructive ownership, see instructions, If 'Yes," complete (i) through (iv) below  
X 
(I) Name of Corporation 
Oihmolow 
Idonnneanon 
Humane crony) 
(III)Country of 
Incorporation 
(14-)PWCA :ay 
Ooran n 
S.anO s:,:ci, 
b Own directly an interest of 20% or more, or own, directly or indirectly, an inte est of 50% or more in the profit, loss, or capital in any foreign or 
domestic partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership) or in the beneficial interest of a trust? For rules of constructive ovmership, see 
instructions. If 'Yes,' complete (i) through (v) below 
X 
!quad 
(I) Name of Entity 
(10Employer 
Idontificalion Hunter 
or any) 
(I II) Type of Entity 
(Iv) Country of 
urn 
amiable 0 rano 
Organization 
PnAt Lott apply 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC 0-135.19 •ARTNERSHIP ITED STATES 
:Lit 
Did the partnership file Form 8893, Election of Partnership Level Tax Treatme t, or an election statement under 
section 6231(a)(1)(6)(0) for partnership-level tax treatment, that is in effect f r this tax year? See Form 8893 
for more details  
Yes 
No 
X 
a 
b 
c 
d 
Does the partnership satisfy all four of the fo0owng conditions? 
The partnership's total receipts for the tax year were less than $250,000. 
The partnership's total assets at the end of the tax year were less than $ 1 million. 
Schedules K-1 are filed with the retum and furnished to the partners on or before the due date (including extensions) for the partnership 
return. 
The partnership is not filing and is not required to file Schedule M-3  
If 'Yes," the partnership is not required to complete Schedules L, M-1, and M-2; Item F on page 1 of Form 1065; 
or Item Lon Schedule K-1. 
X 
Is this partnership a publicly traded partnership as defined in section 469(kX2)? 
X 
During the tax year, did the paitriership have any debt that was cancelled, was forgiven, or had the terms modified so as to reduce the 
principal amount of the debt?  
X 
Has this partnership filed, or is it required to file, Form 8918, Material Advisor Disclosure Statement, to provide information on any 
reportable transaction?  
X 
At any time during calendar year 2016, did the partnership have an interest in or a signature or other authority over a financial account in a 
foreign country (such as a bank account, securities account, or other financial account)? See the instructions for exceptions and filing 
requirements for FinCEN Form 114, Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (FBAR). If 'Yes," enter the name of the foreign country. 
► 
UNITED KINGDOM 
X 
Form 1065 (2016) 
611011 01-0547 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806147
--- PAGE 36 ---
Form 1065 (2016) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
Page 3 
Schedule B I Other Information (continued) 
At any time during the tax year, did the partnership receive a distrbution from, or was it the grantor of, or transferor to, a foreign trust? If 'Yes: 
the partnership may have to file Form 3520, Annual Return To Report Transactions With Foreign Trusts and Receipt of Certain Foreign Gifts. 
See instructions  
Yes 
No 
X 
12a Is the partnership making, or had it previously made (and not revoked), a section 754 election?  
See instructions for details regarding a section 754 election. 
b Did the partnership make for this tax year an optional basis adjustment under section 743(b) or 734(b)? If Yes; attach a statement showing 
the computation and allocation of the basis adjustment See instructions  
c is the partnership required to adjust the basis of partnership assets under section 743(b) or 734(b) because of a substantial built-in loss (as defined 
under section 743(d)) or substantial basis reduction (as defined under section 734(d))? If Yes; attach a statement showing the computation and 
allocation of the basis adjustment. See instructions  
X 
X 
X 
Check this box if, during the current or prior tax year, the partnership distributed any property received in a like-kind exchange or contributed such 
property to another entity (other than disregarded entities wholly owned by the partnership throughout the tax year)  
 II. = 
At any time during the tax year, did the partnership distribute to any partner a tenancy-in-common or other undivided interest in partnership 
property?  
X 
If the partnership is required to file Form 8858, Information Return of U.S. Persons With Respect To Foreign Disregarded Entities, enter the 
number of Forms 8858 attached. See instructions Ir. 
Does the partnership have any foreign partners? If 'Yes; enter the number of Forms 8805, Foreign Partner's Information Statement of 
Section 1446 Withholding Tax, filed for this partnership. la. 
X 
Enter the number of Forms 8865, Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships. attached to this return. O. 
16a Did you make any payments in 2016 that would require you to file Form(s) 1099? See instructions  
b If Wes; did you or will you file required Form(s) 1099?  
X 
X 
Enter the number of Form(s) 5471, Information Return of U.S. Persons WM Respect To Certain Foreign Corporations, attached 
to this return. Ill• 
Enter the number of partners that are foreign governments under section 892. lifo. 
During the partnership's tax year, did the partnership make any payments that would require it to file Form 1042 and 1042-S under chapter 3 
(sections 1441 through 1464) or chapter 4 (sections 1471 through 1474)? 
Was the partnership a specified domestic entity required to file Form 8938 for the tax year (See the Instructions for Form 8938)? 
X 
Designation of Tax Matters Partner (see instructions) 
Enter below the general partner or member-manager designated as the tax matters partner (TMP) for the tax year of this return: 
Name of 
designated TMP P. PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. C/O NEXT MGMT 
numberofTMP ► 
TI the TMP is an 
entity, name of TMP 
representative 
P. FAITH KATES 
Address of 
po. 15 WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
designated TMP 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Form 1065 (2016) 
Identifying 
Phone 
numberofTMP ► 
511021 01-05-17 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806148
--- PAGE 37 ---
Form 1065 (2016) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
I Schedule K I Partners' Distributive Share Items 
Total amount 
Income (Loss) 
Ordinary business income (loss) (page 1. line 22)  
Net rental real estate income (loss) (attach Form 8825)  
a Other gross rental income (loss)  
b Expenses from other rental activities (attach statement) 
 I 
c Other net rental income (loss). Subtract line 3b from line 3a  
Guaranteed payments  
Interest income 
SEE 
Dividends: a Ordinary dividends  
b Qualified dividends  
 I 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) (attach Schedule D (Form 1065))  
a Net long-term capital gain (loss) (attach Schedule 0 (Form 1065)) 
b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
c Unrecaptured section 1250 gain (attach statement)  
Net section 1231 gain (loss) (attach Form 4797)  
Other income (loss) (see instructions) Type IP. 
3a 
2,500,442. 
3c 
3b
STATEMENT 
eb
15,968. 
6a 
9a 
Deductions 
Section 179 deduction (attach Form 4562)  
a Contributions 
$88 STATEMENT 6 
b Investment interest expense  
c Section 59(e)(2) expenditures: (1)TYPe Illb• 
(2)Amount Ila• 
64,523. 
13a 
12,512. 
13b 
13c(2) 
d Other deductions (see instructions)Typelb. 
13d 
Self-
Employ-
ment 
a Net earnings (loss) from self-employment  
b Gross farming or fishing income  
c Gross nonfarm income  
14a 
14b 
14c 
La 
(5 
a Low-income housing credit (section 42(N5)) 
b Low-income housing credit (other)  
c Qualified rehabilitation expenditures (rental real estate) (attach Form 3468, if applicable)  
d Other rental real estate credits (see instructions) 
Type P. 
15a 
15b 
15c 
15d 
e Other rental credits (see instructions) 
Type op. 
15e 
f Other credits (see instructions) 
Type Ilab• 
15f 
Foreign Transactions 
a Name of country or U-S. possession Ill• 
16b 
b Gross income from all sources  
c Gross income sourced at partner level  
Foreign gross income sourced at partnership level 
P090 i... 
d C0010i r 
e General category ... IP. 
I Other  
 Illi. 
16c 
16f 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
g Interest expense il• 
li Other 
II. 
k Other  
 P. 
16h 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partnership level to foreign source income 
I e
fasu 
itoly O.  
j General category . IN. 
16k 
I Total foreign taxes (check one): Ill• Paid 0 
Accrued U 
161 
mRed uction in taxes available for credit (attach statement) 
n Other foreign tax information (attach statement)  
16m 
Alternative 
Minimum Tax 
(AMT) Items 
a Post-1986 depreciation adjustment  
b Adjusted gain or loss  
c Depletion (other than oil and gas)  
d Oil, gas, and geothermal properties - gross income  
e Oil, gas, and geothermal properties - deductions  
f Other AMT items (attach statement) 
17a 
161. 
17b 
17c 
17d 
17e 
17f 
Other Information 
a Tax-exempt interest income  
b Other tax-exempt income  
c Nondeductible expenses 
SEE  STATEMENT 7 
a Distributions of cash and marketable securities  
b Distributions of other property  
a Investment income  
b Investment expenses  
c Other items and amounts (attach statement) 
18a 
18b 
18c 
127,818. 
19a 
2,250,000. 
19b 
20a 
15,968. 
20b 
13-3495607 Page 4 
Form 1065 (2016) 
611041 01-05.1T 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806149
--- PAGE 38 ---
Form 1065 (2016) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Analysis of Net Income (Loss) 
13-3495607 
Pages 
Not income eosS/ GOMM Schedule K. linos 1 Overeat 11. From thoreault. subtract the sum ot Schedule K. I nos 12 thr0141 lad. end 151  
Analysis by 
partner type: 
a General partners 
b Limited partners 
I 
2,439,375. 
(I) Corporate 
(II) Individual 
(active) 
(III) Individual 
(passive) 
(Iv)Partnership 
(v)Exempt 
Organization 
(vi) 
Nominee/Other 
2,439,375. 
Schedule L I Balance Sheets per Books 
Assets 
Cash  
2a Trade notes and accounts receivable  
b Less allowance for bad debts  
Inventories  
U.S. govemment obligations 
Tax-exempt securities  
Other current assets (attach statement)  
7a LOOM to partnere (Or pages related to partnere( 
b Mortgage and real estate loans  
Other investments (attach statement) 
9a Buildings and other depreciable assets  
b Less accumulated depreciation  
10a Depletable assets  
b Less accumulated depletion  
Land (net of any amortization)  
12a Intangible assets (amortizable only)  
b Less accumulated amortization  
Other assets (attach statement)  
Total assets  
Liabilities and Capital 
Accounts payable  
Mortgages, note.. Dade payable elle% than I ) 
Other current liabilities (attach statement) 
All nonrecourse loans  
19a Loans from partners (or paean related to partnere) 
b Mortgagee, notes. bonds payable al 1 nag or one 
Other liabilities (attach statement)  
Partners' capital accounts 
Total liabilities and capital  
Beginning of tax year 
End of tax year 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(d) 
9,290,056. 
3,532,783. 
12,760,240. 
2,895,029. 
9,190,056. 
12,660,240. 
100,000. 
100,000. 
STATEMENT 8 
STATEMENT 9 
4,123,029. 
4,187,551. 
159,432. 
235,194. 
83,446. 
224,591. 
726,542. 
626,770. 
3,396,487. 
3,560,781. 
STATEMENT 10 
STATEMENT 11 
STATEMENT 12 
3,068,607. 
2,555,716. 
16,760,866. 
19,197,540. 
12,182,330. 
14,451,871. 
1,786,832. 
1,384,748. 
1,620,133. 
1,690,964. 
1,171,571. 
1,669,957. 
16,760,866. 
19,197,540. 
I Schedule M-1 Reconciliation of Income (Loss) per Books With Income Loss) per Return 
Note. The partnership may be required to file Schedule M3 (see instructions) 
Net income (loss) per books 
Income included on Schedule K, lines 1,2,3c, 
5,6a,7,8,9a,10, and 11, not recorded on books 
this year (itemize): 
2,748,386 . 6 Income recorded on books this year not included 
on Schedule K, lines 1 through 11(itemize): 
a Tax-exempt interest $ 
60,281. 
STMT 14 
60,281. 
Guaranteed payments (other than health 
insurance)  
Expenses recorded on books MIS year not etcliodoi on 
Schedule K. linos 1 ilverge 1St aid 161 etomiNo) 
Deductions included on Schedule K, Nies 1 
through 13d, and 161, not charged against 
book income this year (itemize): 
a Depreciation $ 
529,371. 
280,641. 
STMT 13 
148,Z77. 
STMT 15 
529,371. 
a Depreciation $ 
55,231. 
Add lines6and7  
Income (loss) (Analysis of Net Income (Loss), 
line 1). Subtract line 8 from line5  
589,652. 
b Travel and entertainment $ 
76,747. 
2,439,375. 
Add lines 1 through 4 
3,029,027. 
Schedule M-21 Analysis of Partners Capital Accounts 
Balance at beginning of year  
Capital contributed: a Cash  
b Properly  
Net income (loss) per books  
Other increases (itemize): 
1,171,571. 6 Distributions: a Cash  
b Property 
Other decreases (itemize): 
2,250,000. 
2,748,386. 
Add lines6and 7  
Balance at one of raw. Subtract ha. 8 tom In, 5 
2,250,000. 
Add lines 1 Ihro 
3,919,957. 
1,669,957. 
611042 01-05 
Form 1065 (2016) 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806150
--- PAGE 39 ---
SCHEDULE M-3 
(Form 1065) 
Depattmeni cil lee Tioar443 
Internal Revenue Service 
Name of partnership 
Net Income (Loss) Reconciliation 
for Certain Partnerships 
►Attach to Form 1065 or Form 1065-B. 
IP. Information about Schedule 14-3 (Form 1065) and its instructions is at www.irs.gov/form 1065. 
OMB No 1545.0123 
2016 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
This Schedule M-3 is being filed because (check all that apply): 
A LxJ The amount of the partnership's total assets at the end of the tax year is equal to $10 million or more. 
M 
The amount of the partnership's adjusted total assets for the year is equal to $10 million or more. If box B is checked, 
enter the amount of adjusted total assets for the tax year  
21,447,540..
C 
The amount of total receipts for the tax year is equal to $35 million or more. If box Cis checked, enter the total 
receipts for the tax year  
D 0 
An entity that is a reportable entity partner with respect to the partnership owns or is deemed to own an interest of 50 
percent or more in the partnership's capital, profit or loss, on any day during t e tax year of the partnership. 
Employer identification number 
13-3495607 
Name of Reportable Entity Partner 
Identifying Number 
Maximum Percentage Owned or 
Deemed Owned 
E t 
I Voluntary Filer 
Part I 
Financial Information and Net Income (Loss) Reconciliation 
1a Did the partnership file SEC Form 10-K for its income statement period ending with or within this tax year? 
Yes Skip lines lb and lc and complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that SEC Form 10-K. 
W 
No. Go to line lb. See instructions if multiple non-tax-basis income statements are prepared. 
b Did the partnership prepare a certified audited non-tax-basis income statement for that period? 
Yes Skip line lc and complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that income statement. 
W 
No. Go to line lc. 
c Did the partnership prepare a non-tax-basis income statement for that period? 
M 
Yes Complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that income statement. 
No. Skip lines 2 through 3b and enter the partnership's net income (loss) per its books and records on line 4a. 
Enter the income statement period: 
Beginning 0 1/ 01 / 2016 
Ending 12/31/2016 
3a Has the partnership's income statement been restated for the income statement period on line 2? 
I= Yes (If 'Yes,' attach a statement and the amount of each item restated.) 
M 
No. 
b Has the partnership's income statement been restated for any of the five income statement periods immediately preceding the period on line 2? 
Yes (If 'Yes,' attach a statement and the amount of each item restated.) 
M 
No. 
4a Worldwide consolidated net income (loss) from income statement source identified in Part I, line 1 
b Indicate accounting standard used for line 4a (see instructions): 
GMP 
El IFRS 
7O4(b) 
Tax-basis 
0 
Other (specify)Ob. 
5a Net income from nonincludtle foreign entities (attach statement)  
b Net loss from nonincludible foreign entities (attach statement and enter as a positive amount) 
6a Net income from nonincludtle U.S. entities (attach statement)  
b Net loss from nonincludible U.S. entities (attach statement and enter as a positive amount)  
7a Net income (loss) of other foreign disregarded entities (attach statement)  
b Net income (loss) of other U.S. disregarded entities (attach statement) 
Adjustment to eliminations of transactions between includible entities and nonincludible entities (attach shot)  
Adjustment to reconcile income statement period to tax year (attach statement)  
Other adjustments to reconcile to amount on line 11 (attach statement)  
Net income (loss) per Income statement of the partnership. Combine lines 4a through 10  
Note. Part I, line 11, must equal Pan II, line 26, column (a) or Schedule M-1, line 1 (see instructions . 
Enter the total amount (not just the partnership's share) of the assets and liabilities of all entities included or removed on the following lines: 
4a 
2,748,386. 
6a ( 
6b 
7a 
_ 11 
a Included on Part I, tine 4 
Removed on Part I, line 5 
c Removed on Part I. line 6 
d Included on Part I. line 7 
Total Assets 
Total Liabilities 
17,527,583.
19,197,540. 
2,748,386. 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see the Instructions for your return. 
610991 12-14.10 
JWA 
Schedule M-3 (Form 1065) 2016 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806151
--- PAGE 40 ---
Form 4562 
Department ot the Penal/ 
Interne Revenue Service 
OS/ 
Nampa/ Wren on rotum 
Depreciation and Amortization 
(Including Information on Listed Property) 
OTHER 
Pro Attach to your tax return. 
► Information about Form 4562 and Its separate nstruetions is at www.irs.gov/fotm4562. 
Huniffe“ Cr aCtivrZy to .atiCh t1,15 term !Qatar, 
O4/S No. 1545-0172 
2016 
AltaChrtiOnt 
Sequence No 179 
identifying nurarer 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
Part I I Election To Expense Certain Property Under Section 179 Note: If you have any listed property. complete Part V before you complete Part I. 
Maximum amount (see instructions) 
500,000. 
Total cost of section 179 property placed in service (see instructions)  
Threshold cost of section 179 property before reduction in limitation 
Reduction in limitation. Subtract line 3 from line 2. If zero or less, enter'}  
Dotra Imitation for tau yea. Subtract lino 4 tom line I. tl we Cc Imo. enter -0-. II moral ging Watery. eat Insinrabil$  
64,523.
2,010,000. 
500,000. 
SgarecrIpbon 01 property 
ON Coal Ibtvanner use only) 
(C) Meted ant 
SEE STATEMENT 16 
64,523. 
64,523. 
Listed property. Enter the amount from line 29  
Total elected cost of section 179 property. Add amounts in column (c), lines 6 and 7 
Tentative deduction. Enter the smaller of line 5 or line 8  
Carryover of disallowed deduction from line 13 of your 2015 Form 4562  
Business income limitation. Enter the smaller of business income (not less than zero) or line 5 
Section 179 expense deduction. Add lines 9 and 10, but don't enter more than line 11  
Carryover of disallowed deduction to 2017. Add lines 9 and 10. less line 12 ,,
,,, , Po' 
Note: Don't use Part II or Part ill below for listed property. Instead. use Part V. 
I Part II I Special Depreciation Allowance and Other Depreciation (Don't include listed property.) 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified property (other than [Wed property) placed in service during 
the tax year 
Property subject to section 168(0(1) election  
Other depreciation (including ACRS) 
I Part III I MACRS Depreciation (Don't include listed property.) (See instructions.) 
64,523. 
64,523. 
500,000. 
64,523. 
25,934. 
Section A 
MACRS deductions for assets placed in service in tax years beginning before 2016  
I 
you ere electing to gaup any assets placed Si savior Deno the tax yaar into one 
mom ganetal moat account*. chock hero .. 
► 
18,609. 
Section B - Assets Placed in Service During 2016 Tax Year Using the Gene al Depreciation System 
IC Cla arlicabon of progeny 
IC Monet and 
yea glared 
service 
Iola as 10, clenreoraten 
(usineesInvarment use 
only - .,00 inbIsuCtIonS) 
CH lareCneM 
IWIOCI 
IC Convention rr,Voirroci 
lot Damecetial deduction
in 
19a 
3-year property 
b 
5-year property 
c 
7-year property 
d 
10.year property 
e 
15-year property 
f 
20-year property 
g 
25-year property 
yrs. 
Sit 
h 
Residential rental property 
/ 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
St 
/ 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
St 
I 
Nonresidential real property 
/ 
yrs. 
MM 
St 
/ 
MM 
St 
Section C - Assets Placed In Service During 2016 Tax Year Using the Alternative Depreciation System 
20a 
Class life 
Sit 
b 
12-year 
yrs. 
Sr_ 
c 
40-year 
/ 
yrs. 
MM 
Sit 
Part IV I Summary (See instructions.) 
Listed property. Enter amount from line 28  
Total. Add amounts from line 12. lines 14 through 17, Ines 19 and 20 in column (g). and line 21. 
Enter here and on the appropriate lines of your return. Partnerships and S corporations • see instr. 
For assets shown above and placed in service during the current year. enter the 
portion of the basis attributable to section 263A costs 
44,543. 
615251 17-21-16 LHA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate Instructions. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
Form 4562 (2016) 
EFTA00806152
--- PAGE 41 ---
Form 4562 J2016) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 Page 2 
I Part V I Listed Property (Include automobiles, certain other vehicles, certain aircraft, certain computers, and property used for entertainment. 
recreation. or amusement.) 
Note: For any vehicle for which you are using the standard mileage rate or deducting lease expense, complete only 24a, 24b. columns 
(a) through (c) of Section A. all of Section B. and Section C if applicable. 
Section A - Depreciation and Other Information (Caution: See the instructions for limits for passenger automobiles.) 
24a Do you have evidence to s pport the business/investment use claimed? Li 
Yes L_I No 24b If 'Yes.' is the evidence written',  L_I Yes Li 
No 
(a) 
Type of property 
(list vehicles first) 
(b) 
Date 
placed in 
service 
(c) 
Business/ 
investment 
use percentage 
(d) 
Cost or
other basis 
(e) 
Baas ion:loemcrauon 
tbusinamonnmatmont 
Ma onbr) 
M 
Recovery 
period
W) 
Convention 
(h) 
Depreciation 
deduction 
M 
Elected 
section 179 
cost 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified listed property placed in service during the tax year and 
used more than 50% in a qualified business use 
Property used more than 50% in a qualified business use: 
Property used 50% or less in a qualified business use: 
S/L • 
S/L • 
Add amounts in column (h), lines 25 through 27. Enter here and on line 21, page 1 
Add amounts in column 
line 26. Enter here and on tine 7. 
29 
Section B - Information on Use of Vehicles 
Complete this section for vehicles used by a sole proprietor. partner, or other "more than 5% owner," or related person. If you provided vehicles 
to your employees, first answer the questions in Section C to see if you meet an exception to completing this section for those vehicles. 
28
Total business/investment miles driven during the 
year (don'tinclude commuting miles)  
(a) 
Vehicle 
(b) 
Vehicle 
(e) 
Vehicle 
(d) 
Vehicle 
(e) 
Vehicle 
M 
\retitle 
Total commuting miles driven during the year  
Total other personal (noncommuting) miles 
driven 
Total miles driven during the year. 
Add Ines 30 through 32 
Was the vehicle available for personal use 
during off•cluty hours?  
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Was the vehicle used primarily by a more 
than 5% owner or related person?  
Is another vehicle available for personal 
use?  
Section C • Questions for Employers Who Provide Vehicles for Use by Their Employees 
Answer these questions to determine if you meet an exception to completing Section B for vehicles used by employees who aren't more than 5% 
owners or related persons. 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits all personal use of vehicles, including commuting, by your 
employees? 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits personal use of vehicles, except commuting, by your 
employees? See the instructions for vehicles used by corporate officers, directors, or 1% or more owners  
Do you treat all use of vehicles by employees as personal use?  
Do you provide more than five vehicles to your employees, obtain information from your employees about 
the use of the vehicles, and retain the information received? 
Do you meet the requirements concerning qualified automobile demonstration use?  
Note: If
 answer to 37, 38, 39, 40, or 41 is 'Yes," don' complete Section B for the covered vehicles 
I Part VI Amortization 
(a) 
(b) 
lc) 
(d) 
(e) 
I) 
Dosamtion 01 Coat* 
Date mortiraton 
beans 
Amortizable 
amount 
Code 
SOCtion 
Anow0 
miodoimmwe 
AillentlatIOn 
ICI this yew 
Amortization of costs that begins during your 2016 tax year 
es 
Amortization of costs that began before your 2016 tax year  
Total. Add amounts in column (f). See the instructions for where to report 
201,053. 
201,053. 
610252 12-21.16 
Form 4562 (2016) 
14370912 758404 PNEXT10O 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806153
--- PAGE 42 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
ils..so 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
C
, • 
LIN, 
14° 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus 
% 
Excl 
Section 179 
Expense 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Expense 
Current Year 
Deduction 
Ending 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
No 
105 MAINTENANCE (NY) 
02/25/04 SL 
3.00 
7,750. 
D. 
• OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
7,750. 
0. 
0, 
0, 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT(NY) 
10/31/91 SL 
5,00 
16,816. 
16,816. 
16,816. 
O. 
16,816. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
01/04/89 SL 
5.00 
12,215. 
12,215. 
12,215. 
D. 
12,215. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
01/04/89 SL 
5,00 
47,819. 
47,819. 
47,819, 
0. 
47,819. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT(NY) 
07/01/90 SL 
5.00 
6,535. 
6, 
ti lti. 
D. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
01/31/92 SL 
5,00 
8,539. 
8,539, 
8,539, 
0. 
8,539, 
PRINTER (NY) 
02/26/93 SL 
5.00 
4,241. 
4,241. 
4,241. 
D. 
4,241. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
05/10/93 SL 
5,00 
2,382. 
2,382, 
2,382, 
0. 
2,382, 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
10/01/93 SL 
5.00 
2,454. 
2,454. 
2,454. 
D. 
2,454. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
11/01/93 SL 
5,00 
31,034. 
..':. 5Cu. 
13,534. 
13,534. 
O. 
13,534, 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
07/01/95 SL 
5.00 
55,855. 
55,855. 
55,855. 
D. 
55,855. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
07/01/96 SL 
5,00 
45,326. 
45,326. 
45,326. 
O. 
45,326, 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
07/01/98 SL 
5.00 
126,474. 
126,474. 126,474. 
D. 126,474. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
07/01/99 SL 
5,00 
202,098. 
202,098. 202,098. 
O. 202,098. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
07/01/97 SL 
5.00 
38,206. 
38,206. 
38,206. 
D. 
38,206. 
COMPUTER -96 RETIRED 
07/01/96 SL 
5.00 
-19,757. 
-19,757, -19,757, 
0. -19,757, 
62a III 04.01.16 
8.1 
(D) Asset disposed 
ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806154
--- PAGE 43 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
c 
g 
v 
co
nadjusted 
No 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus 
% 
Excl 
Section 179 
Expense 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciafion 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Expense 
Current Year 
Deduction 
Ending 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
No
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
07/01/0C SL 
5.00 
174,341. 
174,341. 174,341, 
D. 174,341. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
01/01/01 SL 
5.00 
2,014. 
2,014. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
01/01/01 SL 
5.00 
1,959. 
1,959. 
D. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
04/10/03 SL 
5.00 
41,698. 
41,698. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
04/10/03 SL 
5.00 
20,169. 
20,169. 
D. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
04/24/03 SL 
5.00 
3,372, 
3,372. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
05/23/03 SL 
5.00 
4,443. 
4,443. 
D. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
06/17/03 SL 
5.00 
6,582. 
6,582. 
0, 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
07/22/03 SL 
5.00 
5,359. 
5,359. 
D. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
08/06/03 SL 
5.00 
19,961. 
19.961. 
0, 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
08/22/03 SL 
5.00 
8,045. 
4,023. 
4,022. 
4,022, 
D. 
4,022. 
103 COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
04/01/03 SL 
5.00 
46,500. 
13,950. 
32,550. 
32,550. 
0. 
32,550. 
104 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
01/05/04 SL 
5.00 
10,835. 
10,835. 
D. 
120 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
02/07/05 SL 
5.00 
6,714. 
6,714. 
O. 
121 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
02/05/05 SL 
5.00 
2,496. 
2,496. 
D. 
122 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
02/15/05 SL 
5.00 
2,086. 
2,086. 
0. 
123 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
11/01/05 SL 
5.00 
13,164. 
13,164. 
D. 
128 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
02/16/06 SL 
5,00 
9,755, 
9,755. 
O. 
628111 0 -01.16 
8.2 
(D) Asset disposed 
ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806155
--- PAGE 44 ---
2018 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
ASSOI 
140. 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
G 
n°
Line 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus 
% 
Excl 
Section 179 
Expense 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Expense 
Current Year 
Deduction 
Ending 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
135 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
05/15/07 SL 
5.00 
39,598. 
39,598. 
D. 
136 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
11/20/07 SL 
5.00 
19,628. 
19,628. 
0. 
143 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
03/18/08 St 
5.00 
8,967. 
8,967. 
D. 
144 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
05/07/08 SL 
5.00 
16,400. 
16,400. 
0. 
145 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
07/02/08 St 
5.00 
11,364. 
11,364. 
D. 
156 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
05/31/11 SL 
5.00 
4,382. 
4,382. 
0. 
161 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
02/22/12 St 
5.00 
6,075. 
6,075. 
D. 
162 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
06/22/12 SL 
5.00 
3,325. 
3,325. 
0. 
163 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
08/05/13 St 
5.00 
11,001. 
11,001. 
D. 
172 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
03/28/14 SL 
5.00 
22,211. 
22,211. 
0. 
• OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
1,102,681. 
335,566. 
767,115. 767,115. 
D. 767,115. 
• OTHER TOTAL - 
1,110,431. 
7,750. 335,566. 
767,115. 767,115. 
0. 767,115. 
106 MAINTENANCE (FL) 
02/25/04 SL 
3.00 
2,500. 
2,500. 
D. 
192 OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
08/06/03 200DB 5.00 HY17 
2,098. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
O. 
1,049. 
' OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
4,598. 
2,500. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
D. 
1,049. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
08/31/91 St 
5.00 
12,526. 
12,526. 
12,526. 
D. 
12,526. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (USED CAR 
(FL)) 
06/01/93 SL 
5.00 
2,500. 
2,500. 
2,500. 
D. 
2,500. 
626111 04.01-16 
6.3 
(D) Asset disposed 
• ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806156
--- PAGE 45 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
Ar..c.0 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
G 
'.) 
Lips, 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost0rBasm 
Bus 
,0 
Excl 
Secfion179 
Expense 
ReductmnIn 
Basis 
BasmFor 
Depmcmfion 
Mnin
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec179 
Expense 
CunentYear 
Deduction 
Endm 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
No 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
07/01/96 SL 
5.00 
10,695. 
10,695. 
10,695. 
D. 
10,695. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
07/01/98 SL 
5.00 
77,109. 
77,109. 
77,109. 
0, 
77,109, 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (FL) 
07/01/99 SL 
5.00 
45,399. 
45,399. 
45,399. 
D. 
45,399. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (FL) 
07/01/97 SL 
5.00 
.6 
12,929. 
12,929. 
12,929. 
0, 
12,929, 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (FL) 
07/01/00 SL 
5.00 
66,827. 
66,827. 
66,827. 
D. 
66,827. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
01/01/01 SL 
5.00 
4,899. 
4,899. 
0, 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
01/01/01 SL 
5.00 
4,244. 
4,244. 
D. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
04/09/03 SL 
5.00 
11,449. 
3,435. 
6,014. 
6,014. 
0, 
8,014, 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
04/09/03 SL 
5.00 
5,563. 
1,669. 
3,894. 
3,894. 
D. 
3,894. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
04/09/03 SL 
5.00 
15,000. 
4,500. 
10,500, 
10,500, 
0. 
10,500. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
06/03/03 SL 
5.00 
4,088. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
D. 
2,044. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
06/30/03 SL 
5,00 
1,880. 
940. 
940, 
940, 
0, 
940. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
08/06/03 SL 
5.00 
2,187. 
1,093. 
1,094. 
1,094. 
D. 
1,094. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
10/02/03 SL 
5,00 
1,639. 
819. 
820, 
820. 
0, 
820. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
11/18/03 SL 
5.00 
3,355. 
1,678. 
1,677. 
1,677, 
D. 
1,677. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
12/31/03 SL 
5,00 
3,596. 
1,798. 
1,798, 
1,798. 
0, 
1,798, 
114 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
02/07/05 SL 
5.00 
2,110. 
2,110, 
D. 
129 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
02/09/06 SL 
5,00 
5,550. 
5,550. 
0, 
628111 0 -01.16 
8.4 
(D) Asset disposed 
ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806157
--- PAGE 46 ---
2018 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
/1.6441 
No. 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
G 
n°
Ur* 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus 
% 
Exci 
Section 179 
Expense 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Expense 
Current Year 
Deduction 
Ending 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
137 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
05/15/07 SL 
5.00 
11,175. 
11,175. 
D. 
138 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
11/20/07 SL 
5.00 
5,328. 
5,328. 
0, 
146 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
01/23/08 St 
5.00 
12,116. 
12,116. 
D. 
193 COMPUTER EQUIPMENT(FL) 
• OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY & 
10/31/91 SL 
5.00 
1,225. 
1,225. 
1,225, 
0, 
1,225. 
EQUIPMENT 
323,389. 
63,398, 
259,991. 259,991. 
D. 259,991. 
• OTHER TOTAL - 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
327,987. 
2,500. 
64,447. 
261,040. 261,040, 
0, 261,040. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (CA) 
07/01/99 SL 
5.00 
69,509. 
69,509. 
69,509, 
0, 
69,509. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (CA) 
07/01/0C St 
5.00 
66,027. 
66,027. 
66,027. 
D. 
66.027. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
01/01/01 SL 
5.00 
1,161. 
1,161. 
0, 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
01/01/01 St 
5.00 
1,546. 
1,546. 
D. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
01/01/01 SL 
5.00 
1,132. 
1,132. 
0, 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
01/01/01 St 
5.00 
2,273. 
2,273. 
D. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
07/15/02 SL 
5.00 
4,569. 
4,569. 
0, 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
04/09/03 St 
5.00 
17,211. 
5.163. 
12,048. 
12,048. 
D. 
12,048. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
04/16/03 SL 
5.00 
15,000. 
4,500. 
10,500. 
10,500. 
0, 
10,500. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
06/30/03 St 
5.00 
6,016. 
3.008. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
D. 
3,008. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
12/31/03 SL 
5,00 
2,420. 
1,210, 
1,210. 
1,210, 
0, 
1,210. 
626111 04.01-16 
8.5 
(D) Asset disposed 
• ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806158
--- PAGE 47 ---
2O16 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
40:-.M 
No 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
G 
(.) 
Lire 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus 
% 
Excl 
Secfion179 
Expense 
Reductionln 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec179 
Expense 
Current Year 
Deduction 
Ending 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
107 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CM 
09/29/04 SL 
5.00 
8,646. 
8,646. 
D. 
113 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
01/01/04 SL 
5.00 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
115 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
03/16/05 SL 
5.00 
1,984. 
1.984. 
D. 
139 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
05/15/07 SL 
5.00 
8,293. 
8,293. 
0. 
140 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
11/20/07 SL 
5.00 
3,084. 
?.n-4. 
D. 
147 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
01/23/08 SL 
5.00 
14,069. 
0. 
157 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
11/14/11 SL 
5.00 
13,425. 
D. 
180 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
12/31/15 200D 5.00 HY17 
35,905. 
,-, 
0. 
195 OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
04/26/16 200D 5.00 HY19)1 
4,927. 
4,927. 
4.927. 
• OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
279,697. 
40,832. 
74,563. 
162,302. 162,302. 
927 
, 
• 
4,927. 162 302. 
' OTHER TOTAL - 
279,697. 
832 
, 
. 
563. 
162 302. 162 302. 
4,927. 
4,927. 162,302. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
01/04/89 SL 
5.00 
25,209. 
25,209. 
25,209. 
D. 
25,209. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07/01/90 SL 
31.0 
33,158. 
33,158. 
33,158. 
0. 
33,158. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
02/28/94 SL 
39.0 )42017 
8,179. 
8,179. 
4,384. 
21D. 
4,594. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
04/30/94 SL 
39.0 1007 
2,319. 
2,319. 
1,222. 
59. 
1,281. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07/31/94 SL 
39.0 NV17 
10,964. 
10,964. 
5,749. 
281. 
6,03D. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
08/31/94 SL 
39.0 MM17 
32,074. 
32,074. 
16,749. 
822. 
17,571, 
628111 0 -01-16 
8.6 
(D) Asset disposed 
ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806159
--- PAGE 48 ---
2018 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
&Wit 
No 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
,, 
v 
um 
No 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
Bus 
% 
Excl 
Section179 
Expense 
Reductionln 
Bash 
BasisFor 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
CurreM 
Sec179 
Expense 
CurrentYear 
Deduction 
Ending 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
10/30/94 SL 
39.00 )41,17 
11,325. 
11,325. 
5,861. 
29D. 
6,151. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
11/30/94 SL 
39.00 1007 
12,425. 
12,425. 
6,420. 
319. 
6,739. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07/01/95 SL 
39.00 )41,17 
12,155. 
12,155. 
6,417. 
312. 
6,729. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07/01/96 SL 
39.00 1007 
54,075. 
54,075. 
26,970. 
1,386. 
28,356. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07/01/97 SL 
39.00 )41,17 
55,400. 
55, 400 , 
26,212. 
I , 42D. 
27,632. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
11/22/98 SL 
39.00 1007 
11,700. 
11,700. 
5,138. 
300. 
5,436. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07/01/99 SL 
39.00 )41,17 
112,785. 
112,785. 
47,599. 
2,892. 
50,491. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07/01/00 SL 
39.00 1007 
37,330. 
37,330. 
14,794, 
957. 
15,751. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
06/22/03 St 
39.00 )41,17 
103,492. 
51,746. 
51,746. 
16,643. 
1,327. 
17,970. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07/24/03 SL 
39.00 MM17 
26,080. 
13,040. 
13,040. 
4,161, 
334. 
4,495. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
08/12/03 St 
39.00 M1017 
17,758. 
8,879. 
8,879. 
2,822. 
228. 
3,050. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
09/18/03 SL 
39.00 MM17 
128,435. 
64,218. 
64,217, 
20,245, 
1,647. 
21,892. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
10/28/03 St 
39.00 M1017 
16,767. 
8,384. 
8,383. 
2,625. 
215. 
2,840. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
11/19/03 SL 
39.00 1007 
41,981. 
20,991. 
20,990. 
6,523. 
538, 
7,061, 
108 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
01/16/04 SL 
39.00 )41,17 
5,649. 
2,825. 
2,824. 
861. 
72. 
933. 
109 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
02/17/04 SL 
39.00 1007 
7,686. 
3,843. 
3,843. 
1,175. 
99. 
1,274, 
110 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
12/31/04 150DB 15.00 HYI7 
25,000. 
12,500. 
12,500. 
9,587. 
739. 
10,326. 
130 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
02/21/06 150DB 15.00 HY17 
10,485„ 
10,485. 
7,080. 
620, 
7,700, 
628111 04-01-16 
8.7 
(D) • Asset disposed 
• ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806160
--- PAGE 49 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
As.so 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
G 
g 
up,' 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus 
,0 
Excl 
Secfion179 
Expense 
Reductionln 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec179 
Expense 
Current Year 
Deduction 
Ending 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
No 
131 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
03/03/06 150DB 15.0 HY17 
21,461. 
21,461. 
14,489. 
1,268. 
15,757. 
148 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
02/12/08 150DB 15.0 HY17 
11,736. 
5,868. 
5,868, 
3,079. 
347. 
3,426. 
149 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
12/19/08 150DB 15.0 HY17 
16,000. 
8,000. 
8,000. 
3,803. 
473. 
4,276. 
153 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07/01/10 150DB 15.0 HY17 
75,753. 
75,753. 
0. 
155 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
11/14/11 150DB 15.0 HY17 
11,227. 
11,227. 
D. 
158 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
05/04/12 150DB 15.0 HY17 
4,167. 
4,167. 
0. 
159 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
11/10/12 150DB 15.0 HY17 
D59. 
14,059. 
D. 
164 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
09/19/13 150DB 15.0 HY17 
131,030. 
131,030. 
0, 
165 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
12/17/13 150DB 15.0 HY17 
9,633. 
9,633. 
D. 
166 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
12/31/13 150DB 15.0 HY17 
100,954. 
100,954, 
0. 
173 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
02/27/14 150DB 15.0 HY17 
12,760. 
12,760. 
D. 
174 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
06/04/14 150DB 15.0 HY17 
156,004. 
156,004, 
0, 
181 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
08/05/15 150DB 15.0 HY17 
63,396. 
63,396. 
D. 
• OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
1,430,611. 
578,983. 200,294. 
651,334. 318,975. 
17,155. 336,130, 
' OTHER TOTAL - 
1,430,611. 
578,983. 200,294. 
651,334. 318,975. 
17,155. 338,13D. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
08/28/98 St 
39.0C MY17 
i Q Ls. . 
29,553. 
13,171. 
758. 
13,929. 
167 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
09/26/13 150DB 15.0 HY17 
13,994. 
994 
. 
• 
D. 
628111 0 -01.16 
8.8 
(D) Asset disposed 
ITC. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806161
--- PAGE 50 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
/461/01 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
G 
g 
ur4 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus 
,0 
Excl 
Secfion179 
Expense 
Reductionln 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec179 
Expense 
Current Year 
Deduction 
Ending 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
NO 
182 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
09/25/15 150DB 15.0 HY17 
25,179. 
25,179. 
D. 
• OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
68,726. 
39,173. 
29,553, 
13,171, 
758, 
13,929, 
' OTHER TOTAL - 
68,726. 
39,173. 
29,553. 
13,171. 
758. 
13,929. 
196 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
01/05/16 150DB 15,0 HY19E 
11,130. 
11,130. 
11,130, 
11,130, 
197 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
03/23/16 150DB 15.0 HY19E 
25,305. 
25,305. 
25,305. 
25,305. 
198 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
06/14/16 150DB 15,0 HY19E 
10,561. 
10,561. 
561 
, 
• 
10,561. 
' OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
46,996. 
46,996. 
0. 
0. 
46,996. 
46,996. 
D. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
07/01/95 SL 
39.0 H1017 
11,498. 
11,498. 
6,067. 
295. 
6,362. 
116 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
02/24/05 150DB 15.0 HY17 
6,000. 
6,000. 
4,407, 
354. 
4,761. 
117 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
03/21/05 150DB 15.0 HY17 
800. 
800. 
586. 
47. 
633. 
160 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
09/16/12 150DB 15.0 HY17 
5,285. 
-.;-,-,. 
0. 
168 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
08/31/13 150DB 15.0 HY17 
21,300. 
i 
D. 
183 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
06/26/15 150DB 15.0 HY17 
44,230. 
0. 
' OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
89,113. 
18,298. 
11,060. 
696. 
11,756. 
' OTHER TOTAL - 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
136,109. 
l' 
18,298. 
11,060. 
46,996. 
47,692. 
11,756, 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
05/31/91 SL 
7.00 
4,775. 
4,775, 
4,775, 
0, 
4,775, 
628111 04.01.16 
8,9 
(D) Asset disposed 
ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806162
--- PAGE 51 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
r 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
C 
,,
um 
N° 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
Bus 
% 
Excl 
Section 179 
Expense 
Beductionin 
Basis 
BasisFor 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
CureM 
Sec179 
Expense 
CullentYear 
Deduction 
Endm 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
01/04/89 St 
5.00 
26,013. 
26,013. 
26,013. 
D. 
26,013. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
07/01/90 SL 
7.00 
4,541 . 
3,465. 
1,076, 
1,076. 
0. 
1,076, 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
07/01/95 SL 
7.00 
31,451. 
31,451. 
31,451. 
D. 
31,451. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
07/01/96 SL 
7.00 
35,874. 
17,500. 
18,374, 
18,374. 
0. 
18,374, 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
07/01/97 SL 
7.00 
8,872. 
8.872, 
D. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
07/01/98 SL 
7,00 
12,254. 
12,254, 
12,254. 
0. 
12,254, 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
07/01/99 SL 
7.00 
66,766. 
66,766. 
66,766. 
D. 
66,766. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
07/01/00 SL 
7,00 
39,506. 
39,506, 
39,506. 
0. 
39,506, 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
04/30/02 SL 
7.00 
12,000. 
D. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
11/25/03 SL 
7,00 
3,598. 
1,799, 
1,799, 
1,799, 
0. 
1,799. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
12/04/03 SL 
7.00 
28,027. 
14,014. 
14,013. 
14,013. 
D. 
14,013. 
100 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
08/08/03 SL 
7,00 
48,543. 
24,272, 
24,271, 
24,271, 
0. 
24,271. 
101 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
09/26/03 St 
7.00 
3,874. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
D. 
1,937. 
102 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
12/08/03 SL 
7,00 
7,275. 
3,638. 
3,637, 
3,637, 
0. 
3,637. 
111 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
11/23/04 St 
7.00 
6,001. 
6,001, 
D. 
112 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
01/30/04 SL 
7,00 
165. 
165. 
0. 
124 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
01/20/05 St 
7.00 
6,215. 
6,215. 
D. 
125 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
03/11/05 SL 
7,00 
111, 
111, 
0. 
628111 04.01.16 
8.10 
(D) 
• Assot disposed 
• ITC. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806163
--- PAGE 52 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
Ar.so 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
G 
'.) 
Lips, 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost0rBasm 
Bus 
,0 
Excl 
Secfion179 
Expense 
Reductionln 
Basis 
BasmFor 
Depmcmfion 
BegMnMg 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec179 
Expense 
CurrentYear 
Deduction 
Endmg 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
No 
126 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
06/17/05 SL 
7.00 
8,440. 
8,440. 
D. 
127 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
07/14/05 SL 
7.00 
936. 
936. 
0. 
134 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
03/14/06 SL 
7.00 
4,664. 
4,664. 
D. 
141 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
02/14/07 SL 
7.00 
4,881. 
4,881. 
0. 
142 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
05/15/07 SL 
7.00 
6,610. 
6,610, 
D. 
150 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
05/07/08 SL 
7.00 
3,542. 
3,542. 
0. 
151 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
12/26/08 SL 
7.00 
4,400. 
4,400. 
D. 
152 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
01/23/09 SL 
7.00 
4,400. 
4,400. 
0. 
154 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
01/14/10 SL 
5.00 
1,214. 
1,214. 
D. 
169 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
08/08/13 SL 
7.00 
39,929. 
39,929. 
0. 
170 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
12/31/13 SL 
7.00 
11,688. 
11,688. 
D. 
175 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
01/10/14 SL 
7.00 
23,085. 
23,085. 
0. 
176 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
02/14/14 St 
7.00 
41,566. 
41,566, 
D. 
177 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
05/07/14 SL 
7.00 
17,813. 
17,813. 
0. 
185 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
07/01/15 200DB 7.00 rim 
8,706. 
a 706 
, 
• 
D. 
. OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
527,735. 
8,706, 
273,157. 
245,872. 
245,872. 
0. 245,872. 
' OTHER TOTAL - 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
527,735. 
8,706. 
273,157. 
245,872, 
245,872. 
D. 
245,872. 
626111 04.01.16 
U) Asset disposed 
ITC. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806164
--- PAGE 53 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
C
g 
v 
co
nadjusted 
No 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus 
% 
Excl 
Sedon 179 
Expense 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciafion 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Expense 
Current Year 
Deduction 
Ending 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
No
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
07/01/96 St 
7.00 
16,528. 
16,528. 
16,528. 
D. 
16,528. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
07/01/97 SL 
7.00 
1,952. 
1,952. 
0. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
07/01/98 SL 
7.00 
21,639. 
21,639, 
21,639. 
D. 
21,639. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
07/01/99 SL 
7.00 
1,953. 
1,953. 
1,953. 
0, 
1,953, 
132 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
05/15/06 SL 
7.00 
2,789. 
D. 
133 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
07/20/06 SL 
7,00 
2,999. 
2,797. 
0. 
171 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
01/29/13 SL 
7.00 
2,825. 
2, n ti. 
D. 
178 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
07/10/14 SL 
7,00 
7,196. 
7,196. 
0. 
184 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
10/12/15 200D 7.00 Mr1.7 
3,778, 
778 
, 
• 
D. 
194 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
' OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE & 
06/01/91 SL 
7,00 
16,047. 
16,047. 
16,047, 
0. 
16,047. 
FIXTURES 
77,706. 
3,778. 
17761. 
56,167, 
56,167. 
D. 
56,167. 
• OTHER TOTAL - 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
77,706. 
3,778, 
17,761. 
56,167. 
56,167, 
0. 
56,167. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
07/01/95 St 
7.00 
16,832. 
16,832. 
16,832. 
0. 
16,832, 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
07/01/96 St 
7.00 
6,256. 
6,256. 
6,256. 
D. 
6,256. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
07/01/98 SL 
7.00 
13,092. 
13,092. 
13,092. 
0, 
13,092, 
118 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
03/16/05 St 
7.00 
6,191. 
6,191. 
D. 
119 FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
04/29/05 SL 
7.00 
7,975. 
7,975. 
0, 
628111 0 -01.16 
8.12 
(D) Asset disposed 
ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806165
--- PAGE 54 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
44.:91 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
G 
g 
Lira 
N. 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus 
,0 
Excl 
Secfion179 
Expense 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec179 
Expense 
Current Year 
Deduction 
Ending
No 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
' OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
50,346. 
14,166. 
36,180. 
36,180. 
0. 
36,180. 
• OTHER TOTAL - 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
50,346. 
14,166. 
36,180. 
36,180, 
0, 
36,180., 
179 SOFTWARE (NY) 
01/22/15 SL 
3.00 
155,603. 
77,802. 
77,801. 
23,773. 
25,934. 
49,707. 
' OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
155,603. 
77,802. 
77,801. 
23,773. 
25,934. 
49,707. 
• OTHER TOTAL - 
155,603. 
77,802, 
77,801. 
23,773. 
25,934. 
49,707. 
187 ORGANIZATION COSTS 
01/04/89 709 
60M 
26,951. 
76,951. 
26,951. 
D. 
26,951. 
188 START-UP COSTS 
07/16/92 195 
60M 
26,000. 
26,000. 
26,000. 
0. 
26,000. 
189 START-UP COSTS 
07/01/92 195 
60M 
25,000. 
25,000. 
25,000. 
D. 
25,00D. 
190 COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE 
10/31/10 197 
180M 
3,000,000. 
3,000,000.1,033,333. 
200,000.1,233,333. 
191 ORGANIZATION COSTS 
06/15/15 709 
180X 
15,790. 
15,790. 
614. 
1,053. 
1,667. 
' OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
3,093,741. 
3,093,741.1,111,898. 
201,053.1,312,951. 
BUILDINGS 
186 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (MET) 07/01/15 150DB 15.0 HY17 
10,000. 
10,000. 
0.I
199 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (MET) 05/28/16 150DB 15.0 HY196 
12,600. 
12,600. 
12,600. 
12,600. 
• OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
22,600. 
22,600. 
0. 
0. 
12,600. 
12,600. 
0. 
' OTHER TOTAL - 
3,116,341. 
22,600. 
3,093,741.1,111,898. 
12,600. 
213,653.1,312,951. 
' GRAND TOTAL OTHER DEPR & 
AMORT 
7,281,292. 
822 133 
, 
• L 059 756 
„ 
• 5 399 403 
, 
, 
• 3 007 553 
, 
, 
• 
523 
, 
• 
310 119 
. 
• 3 253 149 
„ 
• 
628111 04.01.16 
(D) Asset disposed 
ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806166
--- PAGE 55 ---
2018 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
OTHER 
AnW 
No. 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Ide 
uns 
No. 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus 
% 
Excl 
Section 179 
Expense 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Expense 
Current Year 
Deduction 
Ending 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
CURRENT YEAR ACTIVITY 
BEGINNING BALANCE 
7,216,769. 
757,610.1,059,756. 5,399,403.3,007,553. 
3,253,149, 
ACQUISITIONS 
64,523. 
64,523. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
D. 
DISPOSITIONS 
O. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
ENDING BALANCE 
822 133 
. 
• 
059 756 
,, 
. 
• 5 399 403 
. 
. 
• 3 007 553 
„ 
- 
628111 04.01.16 
D) • Asset disposed 
• ITC. Salvage Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806167
--- PAGE 56 ---
Form 4562 
Department ot Ito Treab4Y 
Interne/ Revenue Service 
1001 
Names/ Wenn on Mum 
BOOK 
Depreciation and Amortization 
(Including Information on Listed Property) 
OTHER 
► Attach to your tax return. 
► Information about Form 4562 and its separate nstruetions is at www.irs.gov/fotm4562. 
HuSira:S Cr aCtivrZy to wIliCh ml, term roWAIOS 
04AS No. 1545-0172 
2016 
AltSChttliOlt 
Sequence No 179 
identifying nurrner 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
Part I I Election To Expense Certain Property Under Section 179 Note: If you have any listed property. complete Part V before you complete Part I. 
Maximum amount (see instructions) 
Total cost of section 179 property placed in service (see instructions)  
Threshold cost of section 179 property before reduction in limitation 
Reduction in limitation. Subtract Ina 3 from line 2. If zero or less, enter'}  
Dollar Imitation tor tax year. Subtract lino 4 tom line I. N Zere Cr Nee. enter -0-. II married Medi ssoseat.y.540InetruCtkin$  
500,000. 
2,010,000. 
(a)Dewlptlon 01 poverty 
IINCoel Dwane% use only) 
(C) Elected COCA 
64,523. 
Listed property. Enter the amount from line 29  
Total elected cost of section 179 property. Add amounts in column (c), 
Tentative deduction. Enter the smaller of line 5 or line 8  
Carryover of disallowed deduction from line 13 of your 2015 Form 4562 
Business income limitation. Enter the smaller of business income (not 
Section 179 expense deduction. Add lines 9 and 10, but don't enter 
Carryover of disallowed deduction to 2017. Add lines 9 and 10. less 
lines 6 and 7  
less than zero) or lie 5  
more than line 11 
64,523. 
64,523. 
line 12 ,,
,,, , 90' 
Note: Don't use Part II or Part III below for listed property. Instead. use Part V. 
I Part II I Special Depreciation Allowance and Other Depreciation (Don't include listed property.) 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified property (other than listed property) placed in service during 
the tax year 
Property subject to section 168(0(1) election  
Other depreciation (including ACRS) 
25,934. 
I Part III I MACRS Depreciation (Don't include listed property.) (See Instructions.) 
Section A 
MACRS deductions for assets placed in service In tax years beginning 
It you era electing to yew any assets planed Si service thong tn. tax yox into one or TOO 
before 2016  
hero 
I 
18,609. 
wend asset accounts. chock 
Section B - Assets Placed in Service During 2016 Tax Year Using the Gene al Depreciation System 
IC Clationcation oe popery,' 
(bl Month and 
yew placed 
in %tyke 
NI Basis 10, d4PfaCiatiOn 
(uslooesonverament use 
onN - ono ineliuCtiOne) 
pe ROCCinty 
IWICon 
IC Convention In Method 
191 DOIXOCIatkel deduction
19a 
Syear property 
b 
5-year property 
c 
7-year property 
d 
10.year property 
e 
15-year property 
f 
20-year property 
g 
25-year property 
yrs. 
Sit 
h 
Residential rental property 
/ 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
St 
/ 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
St 
I 
Nonresidential real property 
/ 
yrs. 
MM 
St 
/ 
MM 
Sit 
Section C - Assets Placed In Service During 2016 Tax Year Using the Alternative Depreciation System 
20a 
Class life 
Sit 
b 
12.year 
yrs. 
S/L 
c 
40-year 
/ 
yrs. 
MM 
Sit 
Part IV I Summary (See instructions.) 
Listed property. Enter amount from line 28  
Total. Add amounts from line 12. lines 14 through 17, Ines 19 and 20 in column (g). and line 21. 
Enter here and on the appropriate lines of your return. Partnerships and S corporations • see instr. 
For assets shown above and placed in service during the current year. enter the 
portion of the basis attributable to section 263A costs 
109,066. 
615251 17-21-I6 LHA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate Instructions. 
8.15 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
Form 4562 (2016) 
EFTA00806168
--- PAGE 57 ---
Form 4562 J2016) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 Page 2 
I Part V I Listed Property (Include automobiles, certain other vehicles, certain aircraft, certain computers, and property used for entertainment. 
recreation. or amusement.) 
Note: For any vehicle for which you are using the standard mileage rate or deducting lease expense, complete only 24a. 24b. columns 
(a) through (c) of Section A. all of Section B. and Section C if applicable. 
Section A - Depreciation and Other Information (Caution: See the instructions for limits for passenger automobiles.) 
24a Do you have evidence to s pport the business/investment use claimed? 
I__I Yes L_I No 24b If *Yes." is the evidence written? LJ Yes LJ No 
(a) 
Type of property 
(b) 
Date 
placed in 
(c) 
Business/ 
investment 
(d) 
Cost or 
(e) 
Bale; hreopeociation 
tbustricoAsnuestmont 
(1) 
Recovvy
(9) 
Method/ 
(h) 
Depreciation 
() 
Elected 
section 179 
(list vehicles first) 
service 
use percentage 
other basis 
1O Only) 
period 
Convention 
deduction 
cost 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified listed property placed in service during the tax year and 
used more than 50% in a qualified business use 
Property used more than 50% in a qualified business use: 
Property used 50% or less in a qualified business use: 
S/L • 
S/L • 
Add amounts in column (h), lines 25 through 27. Enter here and on line 21, page 1  
Add amounts in column 0). line 26. Enter here and on line 7. page 1 
Section B - Information on Use of Vehicles 
Complete this section for vehicles used by a sole proprietor. partner, or other "more than 5% owner," or related person. If you provided vehicles 
to your employees, first answer the questions in Section C to see if you meet an exception to completing this section for those vehicles. 
Total business/investment miles driven during the 
year (don'tinclude commuting miles)  
(a) 
Vehicle 
(b) 
Vehicle 
(e) 
Vehicle 
(d) 
Vehicle 
(e) 
Vehicle 
if) 
Vehicle 
Total commuting miles driven during the year  
Total other personal (noncommuting) miles 
driven 
Total miles driven during the year. 
Add lines 30 through 32 
Was the vehicle available for personal use 
during off•cluty hours?  
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Was the vehicle used primarily by a more 
than 5% owner or related person?  
Is another vehicle available for personal 
use?  
Section C • Questions for Employers Who Provide Vehicles for Use by Their Employees 
Answer these questions to determine if you meet an exception to completing Section B for vehicles used by employees who aren't more than 5% 
owners or related persons. 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits all personal use of vehicles, including commuting, by your 
employees? 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits personal use of vehicles, except commuting, by your 
employees? See the instructions for vehicles used by corporate officers, directors, or 1% or more owners  
Do you treat all use of vehicles by employees as personal use?  
Do you provide more than five vehicles to your employees, obtain information from your employees about 
the use of the vehicles, and retain the information received? 
Do you meet the requirements concerning qualified automobile demonstration use?  
Note: If our answer to 37, 38, 39, 40, or 41 is 'Yes," don' complete Section B for the covered vehicles 
I Part 
Amortization 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(d) 
(e) 
I) 
Doscnottoo of costs 
Sat anottiraton 
Armor tizoblO 
Code 
Anow0 
ATOP:M.1110n 
begin 
amount 
"coon 
miodoimmwe 
to' Me yogi 
Amortization of costs that begins during your 2016 tax year 
OS 
Amortization of costs that began before your 2016 tax year  
Total. Add amounts in column (f). See the instructions for where to report 
201,053. 
201,053. 
616252 1i-21.16 
Form 4562 (2016) 
8.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806169
--- PAGE 58 ---
Worksheet for Adjusted Current Earnings Adjustments 
for Corporate and Partnership Partners 
Name of partnership 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
mobs Identification numtor 
13-3495607 
1. Additions to AMTI: 
a. Depreciation recomputed for MAT purposes  
b. Tax-exempt interest income  
c. Amortization of IRC 173  
d. Depletion for post-1989 properties  
e. Intangible drilling costs deducted from AMTI 
108,905. 
f. Total additions to AMTI  
2. Deductions: 
a. Depreciation recomputed for ACE purposes  
b. Depletion recomputed for ACE purposes  
c. ACE iitangible drilling costs  
108,905. 
108,905. 
d. Total deductions  
3. Other adjustments: 
a. Basis adjustments from sales or exchanges  
b. Other adjustments  
108,905. 
c. Total other adjustments  
4. Total adjustments to AMTI for ACE calculation. Combine lines If, 2d and 3c 
0. 
612151 05-02.16 
8.17 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806170
--- PAGE 59 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM 1065 
INCOME (LOSS) FROM OTHER PARTNERSHIPS, ETC. 
STATEMENT 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
EMPLOYER ID 
AMOUNT 
20-1354409 
137,818. 
TOTAL TO FORM 1065, LINE 4 
137,818. 
FORM 1065 
OTHER INCOME 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
-156,411. 
TOTAL TO FORM 1065, LINE 7 
-156,411. 
FORM 1065 
TAX EXPENSE 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
CA LOCAL BUSINESS TAXES 
CALIFORNIA TAXES - OTHER 
FL COMMERCIAL RENT TAX 
NEW YORK CITY TAXES - BASED ON INCOME 
NY COMMERCIAL RENT TAX 
PAYROLL TAXES 
19,097. 
800. 
1,683. 
110,586. 
22,190. 
617,919. 
TOTAL TO FORM 1065, LINE 14 
772,275. 
FORM 1065 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ADMINISTRATIVE - OTHER 
125,542. 
ADVERTISING 
76,268. 
AMORTIZATION EXPENSE 
201,053. 
BANK CHARGES 
81,145. 
CLEANING SERVICE 
46,123. 
COMMISSIONS EXPENSE 
1,945,477. 
COMPUTER EXPENSE 
56,901. 
CONSULTING FEES 
530,543. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
STATEMENT(S) 1, 2, 3, 4 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806171
--- PAGE 60 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
DUES & SUBSCRIPTIONS 
FILING FEES 
INSURANCE 
11,192. 
8,815. 
127,474. 
MEALS AND ENTERTAINMENT 
76,748. 
MODEL EXPENSES 
36,973. 
OFFICE 
147,920. 
OVERHEAD REIMBURSEMENT 
-1,325,013. 
PAYROLL FEES 
15,273. 
POSTAGE & DELIVERY 
11,747. 
PRINTING EXPENSE 
52,768. 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
331,530. 
SCOUTING EXPENSE 
14,890. 
TELEPHONE EXPENSE 
198,608. 
TRAVEL 
758,595. 
UTILITIES 
31,395. 
TOTAL TO FORM 1065, LINE 20 
3,561,967. 
SCHEDULE K 
INTEREST INCOME 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
U.S. BONDS 
OTHER 
INTEREST - TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
218. 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC 
15,750. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K, LINE 5 
15,968. 
SCHEDULE K 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
CHARITABLE DONATIONS 
CONTRIBUTIONS - TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, 
LLC 
TYPE 
AMOUNT 
CASH (50%) 
CASH (50%) 
5,978. 
6,534. 
TOTALS TO SCHEDULE K, LINE 13A 
12,512. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
STATEMENT(S) 4, 5, 6 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806172
--- PAGE 61 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE K 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSE 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ASSESSMENTS 
434. 
EXCLUDED MEALS AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES 
76,747. 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSE FROM PASSTHROUGH 
50,637. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K, LINE 18C 
127,818. 
SCHEDULE L 
OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
PREPAID EXPENSES 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE L, LINE 6 
BEGINNING OF 
END OF TAX 
TAX YEAR 
YEAR 
159,432. 
235,194. 
159,432. 
235,194. 
SCHEDULE L 
OTHER INVESTMENTS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
INVESTMENT IN TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE L, LINE 8 
BEGINNING OF 
END OF TAX 
TAX YEAR 
YEAR 
83,446. 
224,591. 
83,446. 
224,591. 
SCHEDULE L 
OTHER ASSETS 
STATEMENT 10 
BEGINNING OF 
END OF TAX 
DESCRIPTION 
TAX YEAR 
YEAR 
DEFERRED TAX ASSET 
64,000. 
51,000. 
DEPOSITS 
43,931. 
41,596. 
DUE FROM AFFLIATES 
1,313,624. 
827,056. 
DUE FROM MODELS 
1,607,052. 
1,596,064. 
RESTRICTED CASH 
40,000. 
40,000. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE L, LINE 13 
3,068,607. 
2,555,716. 
STATEMENT(S) 7, 8, 9, 10 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806173
--- PAGE 62 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE L 
OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
STATEMENT 11 
DESCRIPTION 
BEGINNING OF 
END OF TAX 
TAX YEAR 
YEAR 
ACCRUED EXPENSES 
1,786,832. 
CITY ACCRUED TAX 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE L, LINE 17 
1,355,362. 
29,386. 
1,786,832. 
1,384,748. 
SCHEDULE L 
OTHER LIABILITIES 
STATEMENT 12 
DESCRIPTION 
ADVANCES FROM AFFLIATES 
DEFERRED RENT - LONG TERM 
DUE TO RELATED PARTY 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE L, LINE 20 
BEGINNING OF 
END OF TAX 
TAX YEAR 
YEAR 
8,342. 
135,009. 
1,476,782. 
8,342. 
222,660. 
1,459,962. 
1,620,133. 
1,690,964. 
SCHEDULE M-1 EXPENSES RECORDED ON BOOKS NOT DEDUCTED IN RETURN STATEMENT 13 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ASSESSMENTS 
434. 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES FROM PASSTHROUGH 
50,637. 
RENT EXPENSE 
84,592. 
STATE / LOCAL DEFERRED INCOME TAX 
13,000. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE M-1, LINE 4 
148,663. 
SCHEDULE M-1 
INCOME RECORDED ON BOOKS NOT INCLUDED ON RETURN 
STATEMENT 14 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
60,281. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE M-1, LINE 6 
60,281. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
STATEMENT(S) 11, 12, 13, 14 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806174
--- PAGE 63 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE M-1 
DEDUCTIONS ON RETURN NOT CHARGED AGAINST BOOKS 
STATEMENT 15 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
SALARIES AND WAGES 
328,318. 
AMORTIZATION 
201,053. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE M-1, LINE 7 
529,371. 
FORM 4562 
PART I - SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
STATEMENT 16 
(A) 
DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
(C) 
(B) 
ELECTED 
COST 
COST 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
4,927. 
4,927. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
11,130. 
11,130. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
25,305. 
25,305. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
10,561. 
10,561. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (MET) 
12,600. 
12,600. 
TOTAL TO FORM 4562, PART I, LINE 6 
64,523. 
64,523. 
STATEMENT(S) 15, 16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806175
--- PAGE 64 ---
ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX DEPRECIATION REPORT 
A.554 
Description 
Date 
A quired 
AMT 
Method 
AMT 
Life 
AMT 
Cost Or Basis 
MIT 
Accumulated 
ACE 
Cost Or Basis 
Regular 
Depreciation 
WIT 
Depreciation 
ACE 
Depreciation 
192AFFICE EQUIP -FL 
08060320010B5.00 
2,098. 
1,049. 
2,098. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
1800FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
123115150DB5.00 
35,905. 
0. 35,905. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
1954OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
042616200DB5.00 
4,927. 
0. 
4,927. 
4,927. 
4,927. 
4,927. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
17(NY) 
022894SL 
40.00 
8,179. 
4,463. 
8,179. 
210. 
204. 
204. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
18(NY) 
043094SL 
40.00 
2,319. 
1,259. 
2,319. 
59. 
58. 
58. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
I 
19(NY) 
073194SL 
40.00 10,964. 
5,880. 10,964. 
281. 
274. 
274. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
20(NY) 
083194SL 
40.00 32,074. 17,143. 32,074. 
822. 
802. 
802. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
21(NY) 
103094SL 
40.00 11,325. 
6,002. 11,325. 
290. 
283. 
283. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
22(NY) 
113094SL 
40.00 12,425. 
6,570. 12,425. 
319. 
311. 
311. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
24(NY) 
070195SL 
40.00 12,155. 
6,219. 12,155. 
312. 
304. 
304. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
30(NY) 
070196SL 
40.00 54,075. 26,308. 54,075. 
1,386. 
1,352. 
1,352. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
34(NY) 
070197SL 
40.00 55,400. 25,565. 55,400. 
1,420. 
1,385. 
1,385. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
I 
37(NY) 
112298SL 
40.00 11,700. 
5,018. 11,700. 
300. 
293. 
293. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
47(NY) 
070199SL 
39.00 112,785. 47,599. 112,785. 
2,892. 
2,892. 
2,892. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
59(NY) 
070100SL 
39.00 37,330. 14,794. 37,330. 
957. 
957. 
957. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
92(NY) 
062203SL 
39.00 51,746. 16,643. 51,746. 
1,327. 
1,327. 
1,327. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
93(NY) 
07240ISL 
39.00 13,040. 
4,161. 13,040. 
334. 
334. 
334. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
94(NY) 
081203SL 
39.00 
8,879. 
2,822. 
8,879. 
228. 
228. 
228. 
6P8,01 
04-01-16 
13.1 
EFTA00806176
--- PAGE 65 ---
ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX DEPRECIATION REPORT 
_N i 
Description 
Date 
A quired 
AMT 
Method 
AMT 
Life 
AMT 
Cost Or Basis 
AMT 
Accumulated 
ACE 
Cost Or Basis 
Regular 
Depreciation 
AMT 
Depreciation 
ACE 
Depreciation 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
95(NY) 
091803SL 
39.00 64,217. 20,245. 64,217. 
1,647. 
1,647. 
1,647. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
96(NY) 
102801SL 
39.00 
8,383. 
2,625. 
8,383. 
215. 
215. 
215. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
97(NY) 
111903SL 
39.00 20,990. 
6,523. 20,990. 
538. 
538. 
538. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
108(NY) 
011604SL 
39.00 
2,824. 
861. 
2,824. 
72. 
72. 
72. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
109(NY) 
021704SL 
39.00 
3,843. 
1,175. 
3,843. 
99. 
99. 
99. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
110(NY) 
123104150DR15.00 12,500. 
9,587. 12,500. 
739. 
739. 
739. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
130(NY) 
022106150D815.00 10,485. 
7,080. 10,485. 
620. 
619. 
619. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
131(NY) 
030306150D815.00 21,461. 14,490. 21,461. 
1,268. 
1,267. 
1,267. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
148(NY) 
021208150DR15.00 
5,868. 
3,079. 
5,868. 
347. 
347. 
347. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
149(NY) 
121908150DR15.00 
8,000. 
3,803. 
8,000. 
473. 
473. 
473. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
153(NY) 
070110150DR15.00 75,753. 
0. 75,753. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
155(NY) 
111411150DEU5.00 11,227. 
0. 11,227. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
158(NY) 
050412:150DR15.00 
4,167. 
0. 
4,167. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
159(NY) 
11101450DR15.00 14,059. 
0. 14,059. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
164(NY) 
091913150DR15.00 131,030. 
0. 131,030. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
165(NY) 
121713150DEU5.00 
9,633. 
0. 
9,633. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
166(NY) 
123113150DR15.00 100,954. 
0. 100,954. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
04-0,-16 
13.2 
EFTA00806177
--- PAGE 66 ---
ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX DEPRECIATION REPORT 
Af.Sol 
Description 
Date 
A quired 
AMT 
Method 
AMT 
Life 
AMT 
Cost Or Basis 
AMT 
Accumulated 
ACE 
Cost Or Basis 
Regular 
Depreciation 
AMT 
Depreciation 
ACE 
Depreciation 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
173(NY) 
022714150D 5.00 12,760. 
0. 12,760. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
174(NY) 
060414.150D 5.00 156,004. 
0. 156,004. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
181(NY) 
080515150D 5.00 63,396. 
0. 63,396. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
38(FL) 
082898.SL 
0.00 29,553. 12,840. 29,553. 
758. 
739. 
739. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
167(FL) 
092613150D 5.00 13,994. 
0. 13,994. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
182(FL) 
092515150D 5.00 25,179. 
0. 25,179. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
196(CA) 
010516150D 5.00 11,130. 
0. 11,130. 11,130. 11,130. 11,130. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
197(CA) 
032316150D 5.00 25,305. 
0. 25,305. 25,305. 25,305. 25,305. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
198(CA) 
061416150D 5.00 10,561. 
0. 10,561. 10,561. 10,561. 10,561. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
25(CA) 
070195SL 
0.00 11,498. 
5,872. 11,498. 
295. 
287. 
287. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
116(CA) 
022405150D 5.00 
6,000. 
4,407. 
6,000. 
354. 
354. 
354. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
117(CA) 
032105150D 5.00 
800. 
586. 
800. 
47. 
48. 
48. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
160(CA) 
091614150D 5.00 
5,285. 
0. 
5,285. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
168(CA) 
083113150D 5.00 21,300. 
0. 21,300. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
183(CA) 
062615150D 5.00 44,230. 
0. 44,230. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
185FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY)070115150D .00 
8,706. 
0. 
8,706. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
184FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL)101215150D .00 
3,778. 
0. 
3,778. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
179SOFTWARE (NY) 
012215SL 
3.00 155,603. 23,773. 155,603. 25,934. 25,934. 25,934. 
6P8,01 
04-01-16 
13.3 
EFTA00806178
--- PAGE 67 ---
ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX DEPRECIATION REPORT 
Ace.al 
No 
Description 
Date 
A quired 
AMT 
Method 
AMT 
Life 
AMT 
Cost Or Basis 
AMT 
Accumulated 
ACE 
Cost Or Basis 
Regular 
Depreciation 
AMT 
Depreciation 
ACE 
Depreciation 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
186(MET) 
070115150DB15.00 10,000. 
0. 10,000. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
199(MET) 
052816150D815.00 12,600. 
0. 12,600. 12,600. 12,600. 12,600. 
TOTALS 
1,610,402. 308,441. 
1,610,402, 109,066. 108,905. 108,905. 
MACRS AMT ADJUSTMENT 
161. 
628,07 
13.4 
EFTA00806179
--- PAGE 68 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- CURRENT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Assai 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
boo 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
105MAINTENANCE (NY) 
022504SL 
3.00 16 
7,750. 
7,750. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
7,750. 
7,750. 
0. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
COMPUTER 
2EQUIPMENT(NY) 
103191SL 
5.00 16 
16,816. 
16,816. 16,816. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
4(NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
12,215. 
12,215. 12,215. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
5(NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
47,819. 
47,819. 47,819. 
0. 
OFFICE 
&EQUIPMENT(NY) 
070190SL 
5.00 16 
6,535. 
6,535. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
11(NY) 
013192SL 
5.00 16 
8,539. 
8,539. 
8,539. 
0. 
1ZPRINTER (NY) 
02269ISL 
5.00 16 
4,241. 
4,241. 
4,241. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
13(NY) 
05109ISL 
5.00 16 
2,382. 
2,382. 
2,382. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
14(NY) 
10019ISL 
5.00 16 
2,454. 
2,454. 
2,454. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
15(NY) 
11019ISL 
5.00 16 
31,034. 
17,500. 13,534. 13,534. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
23(NY) 
070195SL 
5.00 16 
55,855. 
55,855. 55,855. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
28(NY) 
070196SL 
5.00 16 
45,326. 
45,326. 45,326. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
42(NY) 
07019&SL 
5.00 16 126,474. 
126,474. 126,474. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
50(NY) 
070199SL 
5.00 16 202,098. 
202,098. 202,098. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
53(NY) 
070197SL 
5.00 16 
38,206. 
38,206. 38,206. 
0. 
COMPUTER -96 
55IRETIRED 
070196SL 
5.00 16 -19,757. 
-19,757. -19,757. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806180
--- PAGE 69 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- CURRENT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
No 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
56(NY) 
070100SL 
5.00 16 174,341. 
174,341. 174,341. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
61(NY) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
2,014. 
2,014. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
62(NY) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,959. 
1,959. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
71(NY) 
041001SL 
5.00 16 
41,698. 
41,698. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
72(NY) 
041001SL 
5.00 16 
20,169. 
20,169. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
73(NY) 
042403SL 
5.00 16 
3,372. 
3,372. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
74(NY) 
052301SL 
5.00 16 
4,443. 
4,443. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
75(NY) 
061703SL 
5.00 16 
6,582. 
6,582. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
76(NY) 
072201SL 
5.00 16 
5,359. 
5,359. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
77(NY) 
080601SL 
5.00 16 
19,961. 
19,961. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
78(NY) 
082201SL 
5.00 16 
8,045. 
4,023. 
4,022. 
4,022. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
103(NY) 
040101SL 
5.00 16 
46,500. 
13,950. 32,550. 32,550. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
104(NY) 
010504SL 
5.00 16 
10,835. 
10,835. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
120(NY) 
020705SL 
5.00 16 
6,714. 
6,714. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
121(NY) 
020505SL 
5.00 16 
2,496. 
2,496. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
122(NY) 
021505SL 
5.00 16 
2,086. 
2,086. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
123(NY) 
110105SL 
5.00 16 
13,164. 
13,164. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
128(NY) 
021606SL 
5.00 16 
9,755. 
9,755. 
0. 
628,O) 04.01-16 
fl assetdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806181
--- PAGE 70 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
AssAi 
No 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
toe 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
135(NY) 
051507SL 
5.00 16 
39,598. 
39,598. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
136(NY) 
11200TSL 
5.00 16 
19,628. 
19,628. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
143(NY) 
03180&SL 
5.00 16 
8,967. 
8,967. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
144(NY) 
05070&SL 
5.00 16 
16,400. 
16,400. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
145(NY) 
07020&SL 
5.00 16 
11,364. 
11,364. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
156(NY) 
053111SL 
5.00 16 
4,382. 
4,382. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
161(NY) 
022212SL 
5.00 16 
6,075. 
6,075. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
162(NY) 
062212SL 
5.00 16 
3,325. 
3,325. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
163(NY) 
080513SL 
5.00 16 
11,001. 
11,001. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
172(NY) 
032814SL 
5.00 16 
22,211. 
22,211. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
1,102,681. 
335,566. 767,115. 767,115. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
1,110,431. 
343,316. 767,115. 767,115. 
0. 
106MAINTENANCE (FL) 
022504SL 
3.00 16 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
192OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
080603200DB5.00 17 
2,098. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
4,598. 
3,549. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
1(FL) 
083191SL 
5.00 16 
12,526. 
12,526. 12,526. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
16(USED CAR (FL)) 
060193SL 
5.00 16 
2,500. 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806182
--- PAGE 71 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- CURRENT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
'43 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
29(FL) 
070196SL 
5.00 16 
10,695. 
10,695. 10,695. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
43(FL) 
07019&SL 
5.00 16 
77,109. 
77,109. 77,109. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
51(FL) 
070199,SL 
5.00 16 
45,399. 
45,399. 45,399. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
54(FL) 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
07019751, 
5.00 16 
12,929. 
12,929. 12,929. 
0. 
57(FL) 
070100SL 
5.00 16 
66,827. 
66,827. 66,827. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
63(FL) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
4,899. 
4,899. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
64(FL) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
4,244. 
4,244. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
79(FL) 
040901SL 
5.00 16 
11,449. 
3,435. 
8,014. 
8,014. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
80(FL) 
040901SL 
5.00 16 
5,563. 
1,669. 
3,894. 
3,894. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
81(FL) 
040901SL 
5.00 16 
15,000. 
4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
82(FL) 
060301SL 
5.00 16 
4,088. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
83(FL) 
063001SL 
5.00 16 
1,880. 
940. 
940. 
940. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
84(FL) 
080601SL 
5.00 16 
2,187. 
1,093. 
1,094. 
1,094. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
85(FL) 
100201SL 
5.00 16 
1,639. 
819. 
820. 
820. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
86(FL) 
111801SL 
5.00 16 
3,355. 
1,678. 
1,677. 
1,677. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
87(FL) 
123103SL 
5.00 16 
3,596. 
1,798. 
1,798. 
1,798. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
114(FL) 
020705SL 
5.00 16 
2,110. 
2,110. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
129(FL) 
020906SL 
5.00 16 
5,550. 
5,550. 
0. 
628107 04.01-16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806183
--- PAGE 72 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
137(FL) 
051507SL 
5.00 16 
11,175. 
11,175. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
138(FL) 
112007SL 
5.00 16 
5,328. 
5,328. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
146(FL) 
01230&SL 
5.00 16 
12,116. 
12,116. 
0. 
COMPUTER 
191EQUIPMENT(FL) 
103191SL 
5.00 16 
1,225. 
1,225. 
1,225. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
323,389. 
63,398. 259,991. 259,991. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
327,987. 
66,947. 261,040. 261,040. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
52(CA) 
070199SL 
5.00 16 
69,509. 
69,509. 69,509. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
58(CA) 
070100SL 
5.00 16 
66,027. 
66,027. 66,027. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
65(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,161. 
1,161. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
66(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,546. 
1,546. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
67(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,132. 
1,132. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
68(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
2,273. 
2,273. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
69(CA) 
071502SL 
5.00 16 
4,569. 
4,569. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
88(CA) 
040903SL 
5.00 16 
17,211. 
5,163. 12,048. 12,048. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
89(CA) 
041601SL 
5.00 16 
15,000. 
4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
90(CA) 
063003SL 
5.00 16 
6,016. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
91(CA) 
123103SL 
5.00 16 
2,420. 
1,210. 
1,210. 
1,210. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806184
--- PAGE 73 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
No 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
107(CA) 
092904SL 
5.00 16 
8,646. 
8,646. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
113(CA) 
010104SL 
5.00 16 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
115(CA) 
031605SL 
5.00 16 
1,984. 
1,984. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
139(CA) 
051507SL 
5.00 16 
8,293. 
8,293. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
140(CA) 
112007SL 
5.00 16 
3,084. 
3,084. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
147(CA) 
012308SL 
5.00 16 
14,069. 
14,069. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
157(CA) 
111411SL 
5.00 16 
13,425. 
13,425. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
180(CA) 
123115200DB5.00 17 
35,905. 
35,905. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
195(CA) 
042616200DB5.00 19B 
4,927. 
4,927. 
4,927. 
4,927. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
279,697. 
117,395. 162,302. 162,302. 4,927. 
4,927. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
279,697. 
117,395. 162,302. 162,302. 4,927. 
4,927. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD 
6IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
25,209. 
25,209. 25,209. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
9IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070190SL 
31.0016 
33,158. 
33,158. 33,158. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
17IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022894SL 
39.0017 
8,179. 
8,179. 
4,384. 
210. 
LEASEHOLD 
18IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
043094SL 
39.0017 
2,319. 
2,319. 
1,222. 
59. 
LEASEHOLD 
19IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
073194SL 
39.0017 
10,964. 
10,964. 
5,749. 
281. 
LEASEHOLD 
20IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
083194SL 
39.0017 
32,074. 
32,074. 16,749. 
822. 
6)6+m of-01- 16 
nassetdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806185
--- PAGE 74 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
A.Pol 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
LEASEHOLD 
21IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
103094SL 
39.0017 
11,325. 
11,325. 
5,861. 
290. 
LEASEHOLD 
22IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
113094SL 
39.0017 
12,425. 
12,425. 
6,420. 
319. 
LEASEHOLD 
24IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070195SL 
39.0017 
12,155. 
12,155. 
6,417. 
312. 
LEASEHOLD 
30IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070196SL 
39.0017 
54,075. 
54,075. 26,970. 
1,386. 
LEASEHOLD 
34IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070197SL 
39.0017 
55,400. 
55,400. 26,212. 
1,420. 
LEASEHOLD 
37IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
112298SL 
39.0017 
11,700. 
11,700. 
5,138. 
300. 
LEASEHOLD 
47IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070199SL 
39.0017 112,785. 
112,785. 47,599. 
2,892. 
LEASEHOLD 
59IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070100SL 
39.0017 
37,330. 
37,330. 14,794. 
957. 
LEASEHOLD 
92IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
062203SL 
39.0017 103,492. 
51,746. 51,746. 16,643. 
1,327. 
LEASEHOLD 
93IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
072403SL 
39.0017 
26,080. 
13,040. 13,040. 
4,161. 
334. 
LEASEHOLD 
94IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
081203SL 
39.0017 
17,758. 
8,879. 
8,879. 
2,822. 
228. 
LEASEHOLD 
95IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091803SL 
39.0017 128,435. 
64,218. 64,217. 20,245. 
1,647. 
LEASEHOLD 
96IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
102803SL 
39.0017 
16,767. 
8,384. 
8,383. 
2,625. 
215. 
LEASEHOLD 
97IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111903SL 
39.0017 
41,981. 
20,991. 20,990. 
6,523. 
538. 
LEASEHOLD 
108IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
011604SL 
39.0017 
5,649. 
2,825. 
2,824. 
861. 
72. 
LEASEHOLD 
109IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021704SL 
39.0017 
7,686. 
3,843. 
3,843. 
1,175. 
99. 
LEASEHOLD 
110IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123104150DB15.0017 
25,000. 
12,500. 12,500. 
9,587. 
739. 
LEASEHOLD 
1300MPROVEMENT (NY) 
022106150DB15.0017 
10,485. 
10,485. 
7,080. 
620. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806186
--- PAGE 75 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Acr.al 
No 
Degivtion 
Date 
Mowed 
Method 
Life 
too 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cog Or Basis 
Bus % 
b(0 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
sec179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
LEASEHOLD 
131IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
030306150DB15.0017 
21,461. 
21,461. 14,489. 
1,268. 
LEASEHOLD 
148IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021208150DB15.0017 
11,736. 
5,868. 
5,868. 
3,079. 
347. 
LEASEHOLD 
149IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121908150DB15.0017 
16,000. 
8,000. 
8,000. 
3,803. 
473. 
LEASEHOLD 
153IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070110150DB15.0017 
75,753. 
75,753. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
155IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111411150DB15.0017 
11,227. 
11,227. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
158IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
050412150DB15.0017 
4,167. 
4,167. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
159IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111012150DB15.0017 
14,059. 
14,059. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
164IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091913150DB15.0017 131,030. 
131,030. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
165IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121713150DB15.0017 
9,633. 
9,633. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
166IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123113150DB15.0017 100,954. 
100,954. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
173IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022714150DB15.0017 
12,760. 
12,760. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
174IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
060414150DB15.0017 156,004. 
156,004. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
181IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
080515150DB15.0017 
63,396. 
63,396. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
1,430,611. 
779,277. 651,334. 318,975. 
17,155. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
1,430,611. 
779,277. 651,334. 318,975. 
17,155. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD 
38IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
082898SL 
39.0017 
29,553. 
29,553. 13,171. 
758. 
LEASEHOLD 
167IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
092613150DB15.0017 
13,994. 
13,994. 
0. 
628107 04.01-16 
nassMdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806187
--- PAGE 76 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- CURRENT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Acel 
Descivhon 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
life 
L 00 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cog Or Basis 
Bus % 
b(0 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
sec179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
182IMPROVEMENT 
LEASEHOLD 
(FL) 
092515150DB15.0017 
25,179. 
25,179. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
68,726. 
39,173. 29,553. 13,171. 
758. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
68,726. 
39,173. 29,553. 13,171. 
758. 
LEASEHOLD 
196IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
010516150DB15.0019E 11,130. 
11,130. 
11,130. 11,130. 
LEASEHOLD 
197IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032316150DB15.0019E 25,305. 
8,943. 16,362. 
8,943. 
9,761. 
LEASEHOLD 
198IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
061416150DB15.0019E 10,561. 
10,561. 
528. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
46,996. 
20,073. 26,923. 
20,073. 21,419. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD 
25IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
070195SL 
39.0017 
11,498. 
11,498. 
6,067. 
295. 
LEASEHOLD 
116IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
022405150DB15.0017 
6,000. 
6,000. 
4,407. 
354. 
LEASEHOLD 
117IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032105150DB15.0017 
800. 
800. 
586. 
47. 
LEASEHOLD 
160IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
091612150DB15.0017 
5,285. 
5,285. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
168IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
083113150DB15.0017 
21,300. 
21,300. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
183IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
062615150DB15.0017 
44,230. 
44,230. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
89,113. 
70,815. 18,298. 11,060. 
696. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
136,109. 
90,888. 45,221. 11,060.20,073. 22,115. 
FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
FURNITURE & 
3FIXTURES (NY) 
05319LSL 
7.00 16 
4,775. 
4,775. 
4,775. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) -Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806188
--- PAGE 77 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
:.se-41 
w1
Description
Ma k 
Date d 
method 
Life 
Loo 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
b(0 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current
Current'fear 
Sec 179 
Deduction 
FURNITURE & 
7FIXTURES (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
26,013. 
26,013. 26,013. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
"MIXTURES (NY) 
070190SL 
7.00 16 
4,541. 
3,465. 
1,076. 
1,076. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
26FIXTURES (NY) 
070195SL 
7.00 16 
31,451. 
31,451. 31,451. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
31FIXTURES (NY) 
070196SL 
7.00 16 
35,874. 
17,500. 18,374. 18,374. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
35FIXTURES (NY) 
070197SL 
7.00 16 
8,872. 
8,872. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
39FIXTURES (NY) 
070198SL 
7.00 16 
12,254. 
12,254. 12,254. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
48FIXTURES (NY) 
070199SL 
7.00 16 
66,766. 
66,766. 66,766. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
6OFIXTURES (NY) 
070100SL 
7.00 16 
39,506. 
39,506. 39,506. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
7aFIXTURES (NY) 
043002SL 
7.00 16 
12,000. 
12,000. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
98FIXTURES (NY) 
112503SL 
7.00 16 
3,598. 
1,799. 
1,799. 
1,799. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
99FIXTURES (NY) 
120403SL 
7.00 16 
28,027. 
14,014. 14,013. 14,013. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
100FIXTURES (NY) 
080803SL 
7.00 16 
48,543. 
24,272. 24,271. 24,271. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
101FIXTURES (NY) 
092603SL 
7.00 16 
3,874. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
102FIXTURES (NY) 
120803SL 
7.00 16 
7,275. 
3,638. 
3,637. 
3,637. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
111FIXTURES (NY) 
112304SL 
7.00 16 
6,001. 
6,001. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
112FIXTURES (NY) 
013004SL 
7.00 16 
165. 
165. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
124FIXTURES (NY) 
012005SL 
7.00 16 
6,215. 
6,215. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
125FIXTURES (NY) 
031105SL 
7.00 16 
111. 
111. 
0. 
628107 04411-16 
(C)assetdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806189
--- PAGE 78 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
:.se-41 
wt
Description
Ma k 
Date 
d 
Method 
Life 
L00 
No
Cost 
Unadjusted 
Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
FURNITURE & 
126FIXTURES (NY) 
061705SL 
7.00 16 
8,440. 
8,440. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
127FIXTURES (NY) 
071405SL 
7.00 16 
936. 
936. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
134FIXTURES (NY) 
031406SL 
7.00 16 
4,664. 
4,664. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
141FIXTURES (NY) 
021407SL 
7.00 16 
4,881. 
4,881. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
142FIXTURES (NY) 
051507SL 
7.00 16 
6,610. 
6,610. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
15OFIXTURES (NY) 
050708SL 
7.00 16 
3,542. 
3,542. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
151FIXTURES (NY) 
122608SL 
7.00 16 
4,400. 
4,400. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
152FIXTURES (NY) 
012309SL 
7.00 16 
4,400. 
4,400. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
154FIXTURES (NY) 
01141OSL 
5.00 16 
1,214. 
1,214. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
169FIXTURES (NY) 
080813SL 
7.00 16 
39,929. 
39,929. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
17OFIXTURES (NY) 
123113SL 
7.00 16 
11,688. 
11,688. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
175FIXTURES (NY) 
011014SL 
7.00 16 
23,085. 
23,085. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
176FIXTURES (NY) 
021414SL 
7.00 16 
41,566. 
41,566. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
177FIXTURES (NY) 
050714SL 
7.00 16 
17,813. 
17,813. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
185FIXTURES (NY) 
070115200DB7.00 17 
8,706. 
8,706. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
FURNITURE AND FIXTU 
527,735. 
281,863. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
527,735. 
281,863. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806190
--- PAGE 79 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
:.se-41 
wt
Description
Ma k 
Date d 
method 
Life 
L00 
No
Cost 
Unadjusted 
Or Basis 
Bus % 
b(0 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current
Current'fear 
Sec 179 
Deduction 
FURNITURE & 
32FIXTURES (FL) 
070196SL 
7.00 16 
16,528. 
16,528. 16,528. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
367IXTURES (FL) 
070197SL 
7.00 16 
1,952. 
1,952. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
40'FIXTURES (FL) 
070198SL 
7.00 16 
21,639. 
21,639. 21,639. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
49FIXTURES (FL) 
070199SL 
7.00 16 
1,953. 
1,953. 
1,953. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
132FIXTURES (FL) 
051506SL 
7.00 16 
2,789. 
2,789. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
133FIXTURES (FL) 
072006SL 
7.00 16 
2,999. 
2,999. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
171FIXTURES (FL) 
012913SL 
7.00 16 
2,825. 
2,825. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
178FIXTURES (FL) 
071014SL 
7.00 16 
7,196. 
7,196. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
184FIXTURES (FL) 
101215200DB7.00 17 
3,778. 
3,778. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
194FIXTURES (FL) 
060191SL 
7.00 16 
16,047. 
16,047. 16,047. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
FURNITURE AND FIXTU 
77,706. 
21,539. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
77,706. 
21,539. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
FURNITURE & 
27FIXTURES (CA) 
070195SL 
7.00 16 
16,832. 
16,832. 16,832. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
33FIXTURES 
070196SL 
7.00 16 
6,256. 
6,256. 
6,256. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
41FIXTURES (CA) 
070198SL 
7.00 16 
13,092. 
13,092. 13,092. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
118FIXTURES (CA) 
031605SL 
7.00 16 
6,191. 
6,191. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
119FIXTURES (CA) 
042905SL 
7.00 16 
7,975. 
7,975. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806191
--- PAGE 80 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
__so 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus% 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
* OTHER TOTAL 
FURNITURE AND FIXTU 
50,346. 
14,166. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
50,346. 
14,166. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
179SOFTWARE (NY) 
012215SL 
3.00 16 155,603. 
77,802. 77,801. 23,773. 
25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
155,603. 
77,802. 77,801. 23,773. 
25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
155,603. 
77,802. 77,801. 23,773. 
25,934. 
18TORGANIZATION COSTS 010489709 60M 43 
26,951. 
26,951. 26,951. 
0. 
188START-UP COSTS 
071692195 60M 43 
26,000. 
26,000. 26,000. 
0. 
189START-UP COSTS 
070192195 60M 43 
25,000. 
25,000. 25,000. 
0. 
COVENANT NOT TO 
190COMPETE 
103110197 180M 43 
3,000,000, 
3,000,000, 
„033 
. 
333 
200,000. 
19LORGANIZATION COSTS 061515709 180M 43 
15,790. 
15,790. 
614. 
1,053. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
D93 741. 
„ 
741 
„093
. 
„111 898. 
201,053. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD 
186IMPROVEMENT (MET) 070115150DB15.0017 
10,000. 
10,000. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
199IMPROVEMENT (MET) 052816150DB15.0019E 12,600. 
12,600. 
630. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
22,600. 
10,000. 12,600. 
630. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
3,116,341. 
10,000. 
3,106,341. 
1,111,898. 
201,683. 
* GRAND TOTAL OTHER 
DEPR AND AMORT 
7,281,292. 
1,842,366. 
5,438,926. 
3,007,553.25, 000 . 272,572. 
628162 04-01.16 
WAssetdisoosed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806192
--- PAGE 81 ---
2O16 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
_N i 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
toe 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
TOTALS FOR 
CALIFORNIA 
7,281,292. 
1,842,366. 
5,438,926. 
3,007,553.25, 000 . 272,572. 
105MAINTENANCE (NY) 
022504SL 
3.00 16 
7,750. 
7,750. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
7,750. 
7,750. 
0. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
COMPUTER 
22QUIPMENT(NY) 
10319LSL 
5.00 16 
16,816. 
16,816. 16,816. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
4(NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
12,215. 
12,215. 12,215. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
5(NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
47,819. 
47,819. 47,819. 
0. 
OFFICE 
82QUIPMENT(NY) 
070190SL 
5.00 16 
6,535. 
6,535. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
11(NY) 
013192SL 
5.00 16 
8,539. 
8,539. 
8,539. 
0. 
12PRINTER (NY) 
02269ISL 
5.00 16 
4,241. 
4,241. 
4,241. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
13(NY) 
051093SL 
5.00 16 
2,382. 
2,382. 
2,382. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
14(NY) 
100193SL 
5.00 16 
2,454. 
2,454. 
2,454. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
15(NY) 
110193SL 
5.00 16 
31,034. 
17,500. 13,534. 13,534. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
23(NY) 
070195SL 
5.00 16 
55,855. 
55,855. 55,855. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
28(NY) 
070196SL 
5.00 16 
45,326. 
45,326. 45,326. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
42(NY) 
070198SL 
5.00 16 126,474. 
126,474. 126,474. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
50(NY) 
070199SL 
5.00 16 202,098. 
202,098. 202,098. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
53(NY) 
070197$L 
5.00 16 
38,206. 
38,206. 38,206. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(C)assMdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806193
--- PAGE 82 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
COMPUTER —96 
55.RETIRED 
070196SL 
5.00 16 -19,757. 
-19,757. -19,757. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
56(NY) 
070100SL 
5.00 16 174,341. 
174,341. 174,341. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
61(NY) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
2,014. 
2,014. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
62(NY) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,959. 
1,959. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
71(NY) 
041001SL 
5.00 16 
41,698. 
41,698. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
72(NY) 
041001SL 
5.00 16 
20,169. 
20,169. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
73(NY) 
042401SL 
5.00 16 
3,372. 
3,372. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
74(NY) 
05230ISL 
5.00 16 
4,443. 
4,443. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
75(NY) 
061701SL 
5.00 16 
6,582. 
6,582. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
76(NY) 
072203SL 
5.00 16 
5,359. 
5,359. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
77(NY) 
080601SL 
5.00 16 
19,961. 
19,961. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
78(NY) 
082201SL 
5.00 16 
8,045. 
4,023. 
4,022. 
4,022. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
103(NY) 
040101SL 
5.00 16 
46,500. 
13,950. 32,550. 32,550. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
104(NY) 
010504SL 
5.00 16 
10,835. 
10,835. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
120(NY) 
020705SL 
5.00 16 
6,714. 
6,714. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
121(NY) 
020505SL 
5.00 16 
2,496. 
2,496. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
122(NY) 
021505SL 
5.00 16 
2,086. 
2,086. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
123(NY) 
110105SL 
5.00 16 
13,164. 
13,164. 
0. 
628,(Y) 64.01-16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806194
--- PAGE 83 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
No 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
128(NY) 
021606SL 
5.00 16 
9,755. 
9,755. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
135(NY) 
051507SL 
5.00 16 
39,598. 
39,598. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
136(NY) 
112007SL 
5.00 16 
19,628. 
19,628. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
143(NY) 
031808SL 
5.00 16 
8,967. 
8,967. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
144(NY) 
05070&SL 
5.00 16 
16,400. 
16,400. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
145(NY) 
07020&SL 
5.00 16 
11,364. 
11,364. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
156(NY) 
05311ISL 
5.00 16 
4,382. 
4,382. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
161(NY) 
022212SL 
5.00 16 
6,075. 
6,075. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
162(NY) 
062212SL 
5.00 16 
3,325. 
3,325. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
163(NY) 
080511SL 
5.00 16 
11,001. 
11,001. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
172(NY) 
032814SL 
5.00 16 
22,211. 
22,211. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
1.02 681 
„ 
. 
335,566. 767,115. 767,115. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
„110 
. 
431 
343,316. 767,115. 767,115. 
0. 
106MAINTENANCE (FL) 
022504SL 
3.00 16 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
192OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
080603200DB5.00 17 
2,098. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHEIJ 
4,598. 
3,549. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
1(FL) 
083191SL 
5.00 16 
12,526. 
12,526. 12,526. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806195
--- PAGE 84 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
16(USED CAR (FL)) 
060193SL 
5.00 16 
2,500. 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
29(FL) 
070196SL 
5.00 16 
10,695. 
10,695. 10,695. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
43(FL) 
07019&SL 
5.00 16 
77,109. 
77,109. 77,109. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
51(FL) 
070199SL 
5.00 16 
45,399. 
45,399. 45,399. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
54(FL) 
070197SL 
5.00 16 
12,929. 
12,929. 12,929. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
57(FL) 
070100SL 
5.00 16 
66,827. 
66,827. 66,827. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
63(FL) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
4,899. 
4,899. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
64(FL) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
4,244. 
4,244. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
79(FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 16 
11,449. 
3,435. 
8,014. 
8,014. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
80(FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 16 
5,563. 
1,669. 
3,894. 
3,894. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
81(FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 16 
15,000. 
4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
82(FL) 
060301SL 
5.00 16 
4,088. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
83(FL) 
063003SL 
5.00 16 
1,880. 
940. 
940. 
940. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
84(FL) 
080601SL 
5.00 16 
2,187. 
1,093. 
1,094. 
1,094. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
85(FL) 
100203SL 
5.00 16 
1,639. 
819. 
820. 
820. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
86(FL) 
111803SL 
5.00 16 
3,355. 
1,678. 
1,677. 
1,677. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
87(FL) 
123103SL 
5.00 16 
3,596. 
1,798. 
1,798. 
1,798. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
114(FL) 
020705SL 
5.00 16 
2,110. 
2,110. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806196
--- PAGE 85 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
'43 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
129(FL) 
020906SL 
5.00 16 
5,550. 
5,550. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
137(FL) 
051507SL 
5.00 16 
11,175. 
11,175. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
138(FL) 
112007SL 
5.00 16 
5,328. 
5,328. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
146(FL) 
012308SL 
5.00 16 
12,116. 
12,116. 
0. 
COMPUTER 
191EQUIPMENT(FL) 
103191SL 
5.00 16 
1,225. 
1,225. 
1,225. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP' 
323,389. 
63,398. 259,991. 259,991. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
327,987. 
66,947. 261,040. 261,040. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
52(CA) 
070199SL 
5.00 16 
69,509. 
69,509. 69,509. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
58(CA) 
070100SL 
5.00 16 
66,027. 
66,027. 66,027. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
65(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,161. 
1,161. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
66(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,546. 
1,546. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
67(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,132. 
1,132. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
68(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
2,273. 
2,273. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
69(CA) 
071502SL 
5.00 16 
4,569. 
4,569. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
88(CA) 
040901SL 
5.00 16 
17,211. 
5,163. 12,048. 12,048. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
89(CA) 
041603SL 
5.00 16 
15,000. 
4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
90(CA) 
063003SL 
5.00 16 
6,016. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806197
--- PAGE 86 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
No 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
toe 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
91(CA) 
123103SL 
5.00 16 
2,420. 
1,210. 
1,210. 
1,210. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
107(CA) 
092904SL 
5.00 16 
8,646. 
8,646. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
113(CA) 
010104SL 
5.00 16 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
115(CA) 
031605SL 
5.00 16 
1,984. 
1,984. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
139(CA) 
051507SL 
5.00 16 
8,293. 
8,293. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
140(CA) 
112007SL 
5.00 16 
3,084. 
3,084. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
147(CA) 
01230&SL 
5.00 16 
14,069. 
14,069. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
157(CA) 
111411SL 
5.00 16 
13,425. 
13,425. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
180(CA) 
123115200DB5.00 17 
35,905. 
35,905. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
195(CA) 
042616200DB5.00 19B 
4,927. 
4,927. 
4,927. 
4,927. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
279,697. 
117,395. 162,302. 162,302. 4,927. 
4,927. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
279,697. 
117,395. 162,302. 162,302. 4,927. 
4,927. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD 
6IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
25,209. 
25,209. 25,209. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
9IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070190SL 
31.0016 
33,158. 
33,158. 33,158. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
17IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022894SL 
39.0017 
8,179. 
8,179. 
4,384. 
210. 
LEASEHOLD 
18IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
043094SL 
39.0017 
2,319. 
2,319. 
1,222. 
59. 
LEASEHOLD 
19IIMPROVEMENT (NY) 
073194SL 
39.0017 
10,964. 
10,964. 
5,749. 
281. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806198
--- PAGE 87 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Acel 
Description 
Date 
Mak d 
Method 
Life 
No
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
LEASEHOLD 
20IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
083194SL 
39.0017 
32,074. 
32,074. 16,749. 
822. 
LEASEHOLD 
21IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
103094SL 
39.0017 
11,325. 
11,325. 
5,861. 
290. 
LEASEHOLD 
22IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
113094SL 
39.0017 
12,425. 
12,425. 
6,420. 
319. 
LEASEHOLD 
24IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070195SL 
39.0017 
12,155. 
12,155. 
6,417. 
312. 
LEASEHOLD 
30IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070196SL 
39.0017 
54,075. 
54,075. 26,970. 
1,386. 
LEASEHOLD 
34IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070197SL 
39.0017 
55,400. 
55,400. 26,212. 
1,420. 
LEASEHOLD 
37IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
112298SL 
39.0017 
11,700. 
11,700. 
5,138. 
300. 
LEASEHOLD 
47IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070199SL 
39.0017 112,785. 
112,785. 47,599. 
2,892. 
LEASEHOLD 
59IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07010OSL 
39.0017 
37,330. 
37,330. 14,794. 
957. 
LEASEHOLD 
92IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
062203SL 
39.0017 103,492. 
51,746. 51,746. 16,643. 
1,327. 
LEASEHOLD 
93IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
072403SL 
39.0017 
26,080. 
13,040. 13,040. 
4,161. 
334. 
LEASEHOLD 
94IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
081203SL 
39.0017 
17,758. 
8,879. 
8,879. 
2,822. 
228. 
LEASEHOLD 
95IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091803SL 
39.0017 128,435. 
64,218. 64,217. 20,245. 
1,647. 
LEASEHOLD 
96IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
102803SL 
39.0017 
16,767. 
8,384. 
8,383. 
2,625. 
215. 
LEASEHOLD 
97IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111903SL 
39.0017 
41,981. 
20,991. 20,990. 
6,523. 
538. 
LEASEHOLD 
108IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
011604SL 
39.0017 
5,649. 
2,825. 
2,824. 
861. 
72. 
LEASEHOLD 
109IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021704SL 
39.0017 
7,686. 
3,843. 
3,843. 
1,175. 
99. 
LEASEHOLD 
1100MPROVEMENT (NY) 
123104150DB15.0017 
25,000. 
12,500. 12,500. 
9,587. 
739. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806199
--- PAGE 88 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- CURRENT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Acel 
Description 
Date 
Mowed 
method 
Life 
No
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
LEASEHOLD 
130IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022106150DB15.0017 
10,485. 
10,485. 
7,080. 
620. 
LEASEHOLD 
131IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
030306150DB15.0017 
21,461. 
21,461. 14,489. 
1,268. 
LEASEHOLD 
148IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021208150DB15.0017 
11,736. 
5,868. 
5,868. 
3,079. 
347. 
LEASEHOLD 
149IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121908150DB15.0017 
16,000. 
8,000. 
8,000. 
3,803. 
473. 
LEASEHOLD 
153IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070110150DB15.0017 
75,753. 
75,753. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
155IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111411150DB15.0017 
11,227. 
11,227. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
158IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
050412150DB15.0017 
4,167. 
4,167. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
159IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111012150DB15.0017 
14,059. 
14,059. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
164IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091913150DB15.0017 131,030. 
131,030. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
165IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121713150DB15.0017 
9,633. 
9,633. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
166IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123113150DB15.0017 100,954. 
100,954. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
173IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022714150DB15.0017 
12,760. 
12,760. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
174IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
060414150DB15.0017 156,004. 
156,004. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
181IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
080515150DB15.0017 
63,396. 
63,396. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
1,430,611.
779,277. 651,334. 318,975. 
17,155. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
1,430,611. 
779,277. 651,334. 318,975. 
17,155. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD 
38IIMPROVEMENT (FL) 
082898SL 
39.0017 
29,553. 
29,553. 13,171. 
758. 
628102 04.01-16 
fl assetdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806200
--- PAGE 89 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- CURRENT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
A.Psol 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
toe 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
LEASEHOLD 
167IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
092613150DB15.0017 
13,994. 
13,994. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
182IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
092515150DB15.0017 
25,179. 
25,179. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
68,726. 
39,173. 29,553. 13,171. 
758. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
68,726. 
39,173. 29,553. 13,171. 
758. 
LEASEHOLD 
196IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
010516150DB15.0019E 11,130. 
11,130. 
11,130. 11,130. 
LEASEHOLD 
197IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032316150DB15.0019E 25,305. 
25,305. 
25,305. 25,305. 
LEASEHOLD 
198IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
061416150DB15.0019E 10,561. 
10,561. 
10,561. 10,561. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER, 
BUILDINGS 
46,996. 
46,996. 
0. 
46,996. 46,996. 
LEASEHOLD 
25IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
070195SL 
39.0017 
11,498. 
11,498. 
6,067. 
295. 
LEASEHOLD 
116IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
022405150DB15.0017 
6,000. 
6,000. 
4,407. 
354. 
LEASEHOLD 
117IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032105150DB15.0017 
800. 
800. 
586. 
47. 
LEASEHOLD 
160IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
091612150DB15.0017 
5,285. 
5,285. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
168IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
083113150DB15.0017 
21,300. 
21,300. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
183IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
062615150DB15.0017 
44,230. 
44,230. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
89,113. 
70,815. 18,298. 11,060. 
696. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
136,109. 
117,811. 18,298. 11,060.46,996. 47,692. 
FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806201
--- PAGE 90 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
sot 
w1
Description
Ma k 
Date 
d 
Method 
Life 
L+19 
No
Cost 
Unadjusted 
Or Basis 
Bus % 
b(0 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current
Current'fear 
Sec 179 
Deduction 
FURNITURE & 
1FIXTURES (NY) 
053191SL 
7.00 16 
4,775. 
4,775. 
4,775. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
7FIXTURES (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
26,013. 
26,013. 26,013. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
10FIXTURES (NY) 
070190SL 
7.00 16 
4,541. 
3,465. 
1,076. 
1,076. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
267IXTURES (NY) 
070195SL 
7.00 16 
31,451. 
31,451. 31,451. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
31FIXTURES (NY) 
070196SL 
7.00 16 
35,874. 
17,500. 18,374. 18,374. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
35FIXTURES (NY) 
070197SL 
7.00 16 
8,872. 
8,872. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
39FIXTURES (NY) 
070198SL 
7.00 16 
12,254. 
12,254. 12,254. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
4BFIXTURES (NY) 
070199SL 
7.00 16 
66,766. 
66,766. 66,766. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
60FIXTURES (NY) 
070100SL 
7.00 16 
39,506. 
39,506. 39,506. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
70(FIXTURES (NY) 
043002SL 
7.00 16 
12,000. 
12,000. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
98FIXTURES (NY) 
112503SL 
7.00 16 
3,598. 
1,799. 
1,799. 
1,799. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
997IXTURES (NY) 
120403SL 
7.00 16 
28,027. 
14,014. 14,013. 14,013. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
100FIXTURES (NY) 
080803SL 
7.00 16 
48,543. 
24,272. 24,271. 24,271. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
101FIXTURES (NY) 
092603SL 
7.00 16 
3,874. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
102FIXTURES (NY) 
120803SL 
7.00 16 
7,275. 
3,638. 
3,637. 
3,637. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
111FIXTURES (NY) 
112304SL 
7.00 16 
6,001. 
6,001. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
112FIXTURES (NY) 
013004SL 
7.00 16 
165. 
165. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
124FIXTURES (NY) 
012005SL 
7.00 16 
6,215. 
6,215. 
0. 
628107 04411-16 
(C)assetdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806202
--- PAGE 91 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
:.se-41 
No 
Description 
Date 
Mak d 
Method 
Life 
1,+19 
No
Cost 
Unadjusted 
Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated
a 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
FURNITURE & 
125FIXTURES (NY) 
031105SL 
7.00 16 
111. 
111. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
126FIXTURES (NY) 
061705SL 
7.00 16 
8,440. 
8,440. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
127FIXTURES (NY) 
071405SL 
7.00 16 
936. 
936. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
134FIXTURES (NY) 
031406SL 
7.00 16 
4,664. 
4,664. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
141FIXTURES (NY) 
021407SL 
7.00 16 
4,881. 
4,881. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
142FIXTURES (NY) 
051507SL 
7.00 16 
6,610. 
6,610. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
'SO/FIXTURES (NY) 
FURNITURE & 
050708-51, 
7.00 16 
3,542. 
3,542. 
0. 
151FIXTURES (NY) 
122608SL 
7.00 16 
4,400. 
4,400. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
152FIXTURES (NY) 
012309SL 
7.00 16 
4,400. 
4,400. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
154FIXTURES (NY) 
011410SL 
5.00 16 
1,214. 
1,214. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
169FIXTURES (NY) 
080813SL 
7.00 16 
39,929. 
39,929. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
170IFIXTURES (NY) 
123113SL 
7.00 16 
11,688. 
11,688. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
175FIXTURES (NY) 
011014SL 
7.00 16 
23,085. 
23,085. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
176FIXTURES (NY) 
021414SL 
7.00 16 
41,566. 
41,566. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
177FIXTURES (NY) 
050714SL 
7.00 16 
17,813. 
17,813. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
185FIXTURES (NY) 
070115200DB7.00 17 
8,706. 
8,706. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
FURNITURE AND FIXTU 
527,735. 
281,863. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
527,735. 
281,863. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806203
--- PAGE 92 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
:.se-41 
w, 
Description 
Date 
Mak d 
Method 
Life 
too 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus% 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
FURNITURE & 
32FIXTURES (FL) 
070196SL 
7.00 16 
16,528. 
16,528. 16,528. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
36FIXTURES (FL) 
070197SL 
7.00 16 
1,952. 
1,952. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
40(FIXTURES (FL) 
070198SL 
7.00 16 
21,639. 
21,639. 21,639. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
in/FIXTURES (FL) 
070199SL 
7.00 16 
1,953. 
1,953. 
1,953. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
132FIXTURES (FL) 
051506SL 
7.00 16 
2,789. 
2,789. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
133FIXTURES (FL) 
072006SL 
7.00 16 
2,999. 
2,999. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
171FIXTURES (FL) 
012913SL 
7.00 16 
2,825. 
2,825. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
178FIXTURES (FL) 
071014SL 
7.00 16 
7,196. 
7,196. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
184FIXTURES (FL) 
101215200DB7.00 17 
3,778. 
3,778. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
194FIXTURES (FL) 
060191SL 
7.00 16 
16,047. 
16,047. 16,047. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
FURNITURE AND FIXTU 
77,706. 
21,539. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
77,706. 
21,539. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
FURNITURE & 
27FIXTURES (CA) 
070195SL 
7.00 16 
16,832. 
16,832. 16,832. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
33FIXTURES 
070196SL 
7.00 16 
6,256. 
6,256. 
6,256. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
41FIXTURES (CA) 
070198SL 
7.00 16 
13,092. 
13,092. 13,092. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
118FIXTURES (CA) 
031605SL 
7.00 16 
6,191. 
6,191. 
0. 
628 WO 044.1-16 
(D) Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806204
--- PAGE 93 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- CURRENT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Ass.4 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
toe 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
FURNITURE & 
119FIXTURES (CA) 
042905SL 
7.00 16 
7,975. 
7,975. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
FURNITURE AND FIXTU 
50,346. 
14,166. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
50,346. 
14,166. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
179SOFTWARE (NY) 
012215SL 
3.00 16 155,603. 
77,802. 77,801. 23,773. 
25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIPI 
155,603. 
77,802. 77,801. 23,773. 
25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
155,603. 
77,802. 77,801. 23,773. 
25,934. 
18/ORGANIZATION COSTS 010489409 60M 43 
26,951. 
26,951. 26,951. 
0. 
188START-UP COSTS 
071692195 60M 43 
26,000. 
26,000. 26,000. 
0. 
189START-UP COSTS 
070192195 60M 43 
25,000. 
25,000. 25,000. 
0. 
COVENANT NOT TO 
190,COMPETE 
103110197 180M 43 
3,000,000. 
000 000 
. 
. 
- 
333 
„033 
• 
200,000. 
191ORGANIZATION COSTS 061515709 180M 43 
15,790. 
15,790. 
614. 
1,053. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
3,093,741.
093 741 
. 
. 
- 
898 
„111 
• 
201,053. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD 
186IMPROVEMENT (MET) 070115150DB15.0017 
10,000. 
10,000. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
199IMPROVEMENT (MET) 052816150DB15.0019E 12,600. 
12,600. 
12,600. 12,600. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
22,600. 
22,600. 
0. 
12,600. 12,600. 
i* OTHER TOTAL - 
3,116,341. 
22,600. 
3,093,741. 
1.111,898.12,600. 213,653. 
628162 04.01.16 
pyAssetdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806205
--- PAGE 94 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Af4:4i 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
toe 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
* GRAND TOTAL OTHER 
DEPR AND AMORT 
7,281,292. 
1,881,889. 
5,399,403. 
3,007,553.64, 523. 
310,119. 
TOTALS FOR NEW 
YORK 
7,281,292. 
1,881,889. 
5,399,403. 
3,007,553.64, 523. 310,119. 
105MAINTENANCE (NY) 
022504SL 
3.00 16 
7,750. 
7,750. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
7,750. 
7,750. 
0. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
COMPUTER 
2EQUIPMENT(NY) 
103191SL 
5.00 16 
16,816. 
16,816. 16,816. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
4(NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
12,215. 
12,215. 12,215. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
5(NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
47,819. 
47,819. 47,819. 
0. 
OFFICE 
8•EQUIPMENT(NY) 
070190SL 
5.00 16 
6,535. 
6,535. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
11(NY) 
013192SL 
5.00 16 
8,539. 
8,539. 
8,539. 
0. 
127RINTER (NY) 
022693SL 
5.00 16 
4,241. 
4,241. 
4,241. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
13(NY) 
05109ISL 
5.00 16 
2,382. 
2,382. 
2,382. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
14(NY) 
100193SL 
5.00 16 
2,454. 
2,454. 
2,454. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
15(NY) 
110193SL 
5.00 16 
31,034. 
17,500. 13,534. 13,534. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
23(NY) 
070195SL 
5.00 16 
55,855. 
55,855. 55,855. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
28(NY) 
070196SL 
5.00 16 
45,326. 
45,326. 45,326. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
42(NY) 
07019&SL 
5.00 16 126,474. 
126,474. 126,474. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
50(NY) 
070199SL 
5.00 16 202,098. 
202,098. 202,098.1 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(C)assMdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806206
--- PAGE 95 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
ND 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
53(NY) 
070197SL 
5.00 16 
38,206. 
38,206. 38,206. 
0. 
COMPUTER -96 
55iRETIRED 
070196SL 
5.00 16 -19,757. 
-19,757. -19,757. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
56(NY) 
070100SL 
5.00 16 174,341. 
174,341. 174,341. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
61(NY) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
2,014. 
2,014. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
62(NY) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,959. 
1,959. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
71(NY) 
041001SL 
5.00 16 
41,698. 
41,698. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
72(NY) 
041001SL 
5.00 16 
20,169. 
20,169. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
73(NY) 
042403SL 
5.00 16 
3,372. 
3,372. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
74(NY) 
052301SL 
5.00 16 
4,443. 
4,443. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
75(NY) 
061703SL 
5.00 16 
6,582. 
6,582. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
76(NY) 
072201SL 
5.00 16 
5,359. 
5,359. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
77(NY) 
080601SL 
5.00 16 
19,961. 
19,961. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
78(NY) 
082201SL 
5.00 16 
8,045. 
4,023. 
4,022. 
4,022. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
103(NY) 
040101SL 
5.00 16 
46,500. 
13,950. 32,550. 32,550. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
104(NY) 
010504SL 
5.00 16 
10,835. 
10,835. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
120(NY) 
020705SL 
5.00 16 
6,714. 
6,714. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
121(NY) 
020505SL 
5.00 16 
2,496. 
2,496. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
122(NY) 
021505ISL 
5.00 16 
2,086. 
2,086. 
0. 
628 NY) 04411-16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806207
--- PAGE 96 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Ass.4i 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
123(NY) 
110105SL 
5.00 16 
13,164. 
13,164. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
128(NY) 
021606SL 
5.00 16 
9,755. 
9,755. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
135(NY) 
051507SL 
5.00 16 
39,598. 
39,598. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
136(NY) 
11200TSL 
5.00 16 
19,628. 
19,628. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
143(NY) 
03180&SL 
5.00 16 
8,967. 
8,967. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
144(NY) 
05070&SL 
5.00 16 
16,400. 
16,400. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
145(NY) 
07020&SL 
5.00 16 
11,364. 
11,364. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
156(NY) 
053111SL 
5.00 16 
4,382. 
4,382. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
161(NY) 
022212SL 
5.00 16 
6,075. 
6,075. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
162(NY) 
062212SL 
5.00 16 
3,325. 
3,325. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
163(NY) 
080513SL 
5.00 16 
11,001. 
11,001. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
172(NY) 
032814SL 
5.00 16 
22,211. 
22,211. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
1,102,681. 
335,566. 767,115. 767,115. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
1,110,431. 
343,316. 767,115. 767,115. 
0. 
106MAINTENANCE (FL) 
022504SL 
3.00 16 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
192OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
080603200DB5.00 17 
2,098. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
4,598. 
3,549. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
AEQUIPMENT 
628162 04.01.16 
(passetdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806208
--- PAGE 97 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
'43 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
1(FL) 
083191SL 
5.00 16 
12,526. 
12,526. 12,526. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
16(USED CAR (FL)) 
060193SL 
5.00 16 
2,500. 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
29(FL) 
070196SL 
5.00 16 
10,695. 
10,695. 10,695. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
43(FL) 
07019&SL 
5.00 16 
77,109. 
77,109. 77,109. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
51(FL) 
070199SL 
5.00 16 
45,399. 
45,399. 45,399. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
54(FL) 
070197SL 
5.00 16 
12,929. 
12,929. 12,929. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
57(FL) 
070100SL 
5.00 16 
66,827. 
66,827. 66,827. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
63(FL) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
4,899. 
4,899. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
64(FL) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
4,244. 
4,244. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
79(FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 16 
11,449. 
3,435. 
8,014. 
8,014. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
80(FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 16 
5,563. 
1,669. 
3,894. 
3,894. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
81(FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 16 
15,000. 
4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
82(FL) 
060303SL 
5.00 16 
4,088. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
83(FL) 
063001SL 
5.00 16 
1,880. 
940. 
940. 
940. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
84(FL) 
080603SL 
5.00 16 
2,187. 
1,093. 
1,094. 
1,094. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
85(FL) 
100201SL 
5.00 16 
1,639. 
819. 
820. 
820. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
86(FL) 
111803SL 
5.00 16 
3,355. 
1,678. 
1,677. 
1,677. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
87(FL) 
123103SL 
5.00 16 
3,596. 
1,798. 
1,798. 
1,798. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806209
--- PAGE 98 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
'43 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
toe 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
114(FL) 
020705SL 
5.00 16 
2,110. 
2,110. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
129(FL) 
020906SL 
5.00 16 
5,550. 
5,550. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
137(FL) 
051507SL 
5.00 16 
11,175. 
11,175. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
138(FL) 
112007SL 
5.00 16 
5,328. 
5,328. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
146(FL) 
01230&SL 
5.00 16 
12,116. 
12,116. 
0. 
COMPUTER 
191EQUIPMENT(FL) 
103191SL 
5.00 16 
1,225. 
1,225. 
1,225. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
323,389. 
63,398. 259,991. 259,991. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
327,987. 
66,947. 261,040. 261,040. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
52(CA) 
070199SL 
5.00 16 
69,509. 
69,509. 69,509. 
0. 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
58(CA) 
070100SL 
5.00 16 
66,027. 
66,027. 66,027. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
65(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,161. 
1,161. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
66(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,546. 
1,546. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
67(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
1,132. 
1,132. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
68(CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 16 
2,273. 
2,273. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
69(CA) 
071502SL 
5.00 16 
4,569. 
4,569. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
88(CA) 
040901SL 
5.00 16 
17,211. 
5,163. 12,048. 12,048. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
89(CA) 
041601SL 
5.00 16 
15,000. 
4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
628,(Y) 64.01-16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806210
--- PAGE 99 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
No 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
toe 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
90(CA) 
063003SL 
5.00 16 
6,016. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
91(CA) 
123103SL 
5.00 16 
2,420. 
1,210. 
1,210. 
1,210. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
107(CA) 
092904SL 
5.00 16 
8,646. 
8,646. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
113(CA) 
010104SL 
5.00 16 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
115(CA) 
031605SL 
5.00 16 
1,984. 
1,984. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
139(CA) 
05150751. 
5.00 16 
8,293. 
8,293. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
140(CA) 
112007SL 
5.00 16 
3,084. 
3,084. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
147(CA) 
01230&SL 
5.00 16 
14,069. 
14,069. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
157(CA) 
111411SL 
5.00 16 
13,425. 
13,425. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
180(CA) 
123115200DB5.00 17 
35,905. 
35,905. 
0. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
195(CA) 
042616200DB5.00 19B 
4,927. 
4,927. 
4,927. 
4,927. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
279,697. 
117,395. 162,302. 162,302. 4,927. 
4,927. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
279,697. 
117,395. 162,302. 162,302. 4,927. 
4,927. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD 
6IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
25,209. 
25,209. 25,209. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
9IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070190SL 
31.0016 
33,158. 
33,158. 33,158. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
17IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022894SL 
39.0017 
8,179. 
8,179. 
4,384. 
210. 
LEASEHOLD 
181MPROVEMENT (NY) 
043094SL 
39.0017 
2,319. 
2,319. 
1,222. 
59. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806211
--- PAGE 100 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
_mil 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Mak d 
Method 
Life 
LOO 
No 
Unadjusted 
cog Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec
Current Year 
Deduction 
LEASEHOLD 
19IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
073194SL 
39.0017 
10,964. 
10,964. 
5,749. 
281. 
LEASEHOLD 
20IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
083194SL 
39.0017 
32,074. 
32,074. 16,749. 
822. 
LEASEHOLD 
21IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
103094SL 
39.0017 
11,325. 
11,325. 
5,861. 
290. 
LEASEHOLD 
22IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
113094SL 
39.0017 
12,425. 
12,425. 
6,420. 
319. 
LEASEHOLD 
24IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070195SL 
39.0017 
12,155. 
12,155. 
6,417. 
312. 
LEASEHOLD 
30IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070196SL 
39.0017 
54,075. 
54,075. 26,970. 
1,386. 
LEASEHOLD 
34IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070197SL 
39.0017 
55,400. 
55,400. 26,212. 
1,420. 
LEASEHOLD 
37IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
112298SL 
39.0017 
11,700. 
11,700. 
5,138. 
300. 
LEASEHOLD 
47IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070199SL 
39.0017 112,785. 
112,785. 47,599. 
2,892. 
LEASEHOLD 
59IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
07010OSL 
39.0017 
37,330. 
37,330. 14,794. 
957. 
LEASEHOLD 
92IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
062203SL 
39.0017 103,492. 
51,746. 51,746. 16,643. 
1,327. 
LEASEHOLD 
93IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
072403SL 
39.0017 
26,080. 
13,040. 13,040. 
4,161. 
334. 
LEASEHOLD 
94IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
081203SL 
39.0017 
17,758. 
8,879. 
8,879. 
2,822. 
228. 
LEASEHOLD 
95IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091803SL 
39.0017 128,435. 
64,218. 64,217. 20,245. 
1,647. 
LEASEHOLD 
96IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
102803SL 
39.0017 
16,767. 
8,384. 
8,383. 
2,625. 
215. 
LEASEHOLD 
97IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111903SL 
39.0017 
41,981. 
20,991. 20,990. 
6,523. 
538. 
LEASEHOLD 
108IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
011604SL 
39.0017 
5,649. 
2,825. 
2,824. 
861. 
72. 
LEASEHOLD 
109IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021704SL 
39.0017 
7,686. 
3,843. 
3,843. 
1,175. 
99. 
628W0 04-01-16 
(C)assetdisposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806212
--- PAGE 101 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Acr l 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
method 
Life 
toe 
Noe
Unadjusted 
Cog Or Basis 
Bus % 
Exci 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
LEASEHOLD 
110IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123104150DB15.0017 
25,000. 
12,500. 12,500. 
9,587. 
739. 
LEASEHOLD 
130IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022106150DB15.0017 
10,485. 
10,485. 
7,080. 
620. 
LEASEHOLD 
131IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
030306150DB15.0017 
21,461. 
21,461. 14,489. 
1,268. 
LEASEHOLD 
148IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021208150DB15.0017 
11,736. 
5,868. 
5,868. 
3,079. 
347. 
LEASEHOLD 
149IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121908150DB15.0017 
16,000. 
8,000. 
8,000. 
3,803. 
473. 
LEASEHOLD 
153IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070110150DB15.0017 
75,753. 
75,753. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
155IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111411150DB15.0017 
11,227. 
11,227. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
158IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
050412150DB15.0017 
4,167. 
4,167. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
159IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111012150DB15.0017 
14,059. 
14,059. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
164IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091913150DB15.0017 131,030. 
131,030. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
165IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121713150DB15.0017 
9,633. 
9,633. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
166IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123113150DB15.0017 100,954. 
100,954. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
173IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022714150DB15.0017 
12,760. 
12,760. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
174IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
060414150DB15.0017 156,004. 
156,004. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
181IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
080515150DB15.0017 
63,396. 
63,396. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
1,430,611, 
779,277. 651,334. 318,975. 
17,155. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
1,430,611. 
779,277. 651,334. 318,975. 
17,155. 
JBUILDINGS 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposod 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806213
--- PAGE 102 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- CURRENT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Af4:4i 
ND 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
boo 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
LEASEHOLD 
38IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
08289&SL 
39.0017 
29,553. 
29,553. 13,171. 
758. 
LEASEHOLD 
167IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
092613150DB15.0017 
13,994. 
13,994. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
182IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
092515150DB15.0017 
25,179. 
25,179. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
68,726. 
39,173. 29,553. 13,171. 
758. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
68,726. 
39,173. 29,553. 13,171. 
758. 
LEASEHOLD 
196IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
010516150DB15.0019E 11,130. 
11,130. 
11,130. 11,130. 
LEASEHOLD 
197IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032316150DB15.0019E 25,305. 
25,305. 
25,305. 25,305. 
LEASEHOLD 
198IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
061416150DB15.0019E 10,561. 
10,561. 
10,561. 10,561. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
46,996. 
46,996. 
0. 
46,996. 46,996. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD 
25IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
070195SL 
39.0017 
11,498. 
11,498. 
6,067. 
295. 
LEASEHOLD 
116IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
022405150DB15.0017 
6,000. 
6,000. 
4,407. 
354. 
LEASEHOLD 
117IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032105150DB15.0017 
800. 
800. 
586. 
47. 
LEASEHOLD 
160IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
091612150DB15.0017 
5,285. 
5,285. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
168IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
083113150DB15.0017 
21,300. 
21,300. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
183IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
062615150DB15.0017 
44,230. 
44,230. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
BUILDINGS 
89,113. 
70,815. 18,298. 11,060. 
696. 
i* OTHER TOTAL - 
136,109. 
117,811. 18,298. 11,060.46,996. 47,692. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806214
--- PAGE 103 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
set 
w1
Description
Ma k 
Date 
d 
Method 
Life 
toe 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus% 
b(0 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current
Deduction 
FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
FURNITURE & 
IFIXTURES (NY) 
053191SL 
7.00 16 
4,775. 
4,775. 
4,775. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
7FIXTURES (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 16 
26,013. 
26,013. 26,013. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
"MIXTURES (NY) 
070190SL 
7.00 16 
4,541. 
3,465. 
1,076. 
1,076. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
26FIXTURES (NY) 
070195SL 
7.00 16 
31,451. 
31,451. 31,451. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
31FIXTURES (NY) 
070196SL 
7.00 16 
35,874. 
17,500. 18,374. 18,374. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
35FIXTURES (NY) 
070197SL 
7.00 16 
8,872. 
8,872. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
39FIXTURES (NY) 
070198SL 
7.00 16 
12,254. 
12,254. 12,254. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
48FIXTURES (NY) 
070199SL 
7.00 16 
66,766. 
66,766. 66,766. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
6MIXTURES (NY) 
070100SL 
7.00 16 
39,506. 
39,506. 39,506. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
70'FIXTURES (NY) 
043002SL 
7.00 16 
12,000. 
12,000. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
98FIXTURES (NY) 
112503SL 
7.00 16 
3,598. 
1,799. 
1,799. 
1,799. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
99FIXTURES (NY) 
120403SL 
7.00 16 
28,027. 
14,014. 14,013. 14,013. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
100FIXTURES (NY) 
080803SL 
7.00 16 
48,543. 
24,272. 24,271. 24,271. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
101FIXTURES (NY) 
092603SL 
7.00 16 
3,874. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
102FIXTURES (NY) 
120803SL 
7.00 16 
7,275. 
3,638. 
3,637. 
3,637. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
111FIXTURES (NY) 
112304SL 
7.00 16 
6,001. 
6,001. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
112FIXTURES (NY) 
013004SL 
7.00 16 
165. 
165. 
0. 
628107 04411-16 
(D) Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806215
--- PAGE 104 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
:.se-41 
No 
Description
Ma k 
Date 
d 
Method 
Life 
L00 
No
Cost 
Unadjusted 
Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated
a 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
FURNITURE & 
124FIXTURES (NY) 
012005SL 
7.00 16 
6,215. 
6,215. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
125FIXTURES (NY) 
031105SL 
7.00 16 
111. 
111. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
126FIXTURES (NY) 
061705SL 
7.00 16 
8,440. 
8,440. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
127FIXTURES (NY) 
071405SL 
7.00 16 
936. 
936. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
134FIXTURES (NY) 
031406SL 
7.00 16 
4,664. 
4,664. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
141FIXTURES (NY) 
021407SL 
7.00 16 
4,881. 
4,881. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
142FIXTURES (NY) 
051507SL 
7.00 16 
6,610. 
6,610. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
150IFIXTURES (NY) 
050708SL 
7.00 16 
3,542. 
3,542. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
151FIXTURES (NY) 
122608SL 
7.00 16 
4,400. 
4,400. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
152FIXTURES (NY) 
012309SL 
7.00 16 
4,400. 
4,400. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
154FIXTURES (NY) 
011410SL 
5.00 16 
1,214. 
1,214. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
169FIXTURES (NY) 
080813SL 
7.00 16 
39,929. 
39,929. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
170'FIXTURES (NY) 
123113SL 
7.00 16 
11,688. 
11,688. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
175FIXTURES (NY) 
011014SL 
7.00 16 
23,085. 
23,085. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
176FIXTURES (NY) 
021414SL 
7.00 16 
41,566. 
41,566. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
177FIXTURES (NY) 
050714SL 
7.00 16 
17,813. 
17,813. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
185FIXTURES (NY) 
070115200DB7.00 17 
8,706. 
8,706. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
FURNITURE AND FIXTU 
527,735. 
281,863. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806216
--- PAGE 105 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Assai 
DesOption 
Date 
Mak d 
Method 
Life 
toe 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
* OTHER TOTAL — 
527,735. 
281,863. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
FURNITURE & 
32FIXTURES (FL) 
070196SL 
7.00 16 
16,528. 
16,528. 16,528. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
36FIXTURES (FL) 
070197SL 
7.00 16 
1,952. 
1,952. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
40'FIXTURES (FL) 
070198SL 
7.00 16 
21,639. 
21,639. 21,639. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
49FIXTURES (FL) 
070199SL 
7.00 16 
1,953. 
1,953. 
1,953. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
132FIXTURES (FL) 
051506SL 
7.00 16 
2,789. 
2,789. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
133FIXTURES (FL) 
072006SL 
7.00 16 
2,999. 
2,999. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
171FIXTURES (FL) 
012913SL 
7.00 16 
2,825. 
2,825. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
178FIXTURES (FL) 
071014SL 
7.00 16 
7,196. 
7,196. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
184FIXTURES (FL) 
101215200DB7.00 17 
3,778. 
3,778. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
194FIXTURES (FL) 
060191SL 
7.00 16 
16,047. 
16,047. 16,047. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
FURNITURE AND FIXTU 
77,706. 
21,539. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
77,706. 
21,539. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
FIXTURES 
FURNITURE & 
27FIXTURES (CA) 
070195SL 
7.00 16 
16,832. 
16,832. 16,832. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
33FIXTURES 
070196SL 
7.00 16 
6,256. 
6,256. 
6,256. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
41FIXTURES (CA) 
070198SL 
7.00 16 
13,092. 
13,092. 13,092. 
0. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) -Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806217
--- PAGE 106 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- CURRENT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
ND 
Description 
Date 
Acquir d 
Method 
Life 
too 
NO 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
FURNITURE & 
118,FIXTURES (CA) 
031605SL 
7.00 16 
6,191. 
6,191. 
0. 
FURNITURE & 
119'FIXTURES (CA) 
042905SL 
7.00 16 
7,975. 
7,975. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
FURNITURE AND FIXTU 
50,346. 
14,166. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
50,346. 
14,166. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 
179SOFTWARE (NY) 
012215SL 
3.00 16 155,603. 
77,802. 77,801. 23,773. 
25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
155,603. 
77,802. 77,801. 23,773. 
25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
155,603. 
77,802. 77,801. 23,773. 
25,934. 
18TORGANIZATION COSTS 010489709 60M 43 
26,951. 
26,951. 26,951. 
0. 
18&START-UP COSTS 
071692195 60M 43 
26,000. 
26,000. 26,000. 
0. 
189START-UP COSTS 
070192195 60M 43 
25,000. 
25,000. 25,000. 
0. 
COVENANT NOT TO 
19DCOMPETE 
103110197 180M 43 
3,000,000, 
3,000,000. 
333 
„033 
. 
200,000. 
19LORGANIZATION COSTS 061515709 180M 43 
15,790. 
15,790. 
614. 
1,053. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
D93 741. 
„ 
741 
 3„093
. 
„111 898. 
201,053. 
BUILDINGS 
LEASEHOLD 
186IMPROVEMENT (MET) 070115150DB15.0017 
10,000. 
10,000. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD 
199IMPROVEMENT (MET) 052816150DB15.0019E 12,600. 
12,600. 
12,600. 12,600. 
* OTHER TOTAL 
JBUILDINGS 
22,600. 
22,600. 
0. 
12,600. 12,600. 
628162 04.01.16 
(D) - Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806218
--- PAGE 107 ---
2016 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— CURRENT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
eesal
Na 
Description 
Date 
Anuired 
Method 
Life 
tea 
No 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Bus % 
Excl 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Current 
Sec 179 
Current Year 
Deduction 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
3,116,341. 
22,600. 
3,093, 741. 
1,111,898 2,600. 213,653. 
* GRAND TOTAL OTHERI 
DEPR AND AMORT 
7,281 ,292 
1,881,889. 
5,399,403. 
3,007,553 64,523. 310,119. 
628102 04.01-16 
(D) Asset disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Sal 'age. Bonus. Commercial Revitalization Deduction 
EFTA00806219
--- PAGE 108 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Ace.O1 
Description 
Date 
Mowed 
Method 
We 
Unadjusted 
CoM0rBasis 
ReduclionM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount DI 
Depreciation 
105MAINTENANCE (NY) 
022504SL 
3.00 
7,750. 7,750. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
7,750. 7,750. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
DCOMPUTER EQUIPMENT(NY) 
103191SL 
5.00 
16,816. 
16,816. 16,816. 
0. 
4OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 
12,215. 
12,215. 12,215. 
0. 
SCOMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 
47,819. 
47,819. 47,819. 
0. 
&OFFICE EQUIPMENT(NY) 
070190SL 
5.00 
6,535. 6,535. 
0. 
11COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
013192SL 
5.00 
8,539. 
8,539. 
8,539. 
0. 
12PRINTER (NY) 
022693SL 
5.00 
4,241. 
4,241. 
4,241. 
0. 
13OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
051093SL 
5.00 
2,382. 
2,382. 
2,382. 
0. 
14OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
100193SL 
5.00 
2,454. 
2,454. 
2,454. 
0. 
15COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
110193SL 
5.00 
31,034.17,500. 13,534. 13,534. 
0. 
23OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070195SL 
5.00 
55,855. 
55,855. 55,855. 
0. 
28OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070196SL 
5.00 
45,326. 
45,326. 45,326. 
0. 
42OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070198SL 
5.00 126,474. 
126,474. 126,474. 
0. 
5000MPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070199SL 
5.00 202,098. 
202,098. 202,098. 
0. 
53COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070197SL 
5.00 
38,206. 
38,206. 38,206. 
0. 
55COMPUTER -96 RETIRED 
070196SL 
5.00 -19,757. 
-19,757. -19,757. 
0. 
56COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070100SL 
5.00 174,341. 
174,341. 174,341. 
0. 
61OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
010101SL 
5.00 
2,014. 2,014. 
0. 
62OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,959. 1,959. 
0. 
71COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
041003SL 
5.00 
41,698.41,698. 
0. 
72COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
041003SL 
5.00 
20,169.20,169. 
0. 
73COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
042403SL 
5.00 
3,372. 3,372. 
0. 
74COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
052303SL 
5.00 
4,443. 4,443. 
0. 
75COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
061703SL 
5.00 
6,582. 6,582. 
0. 
76COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
072203SL 
5.00 
5,359. 5,359. 
0. 
77COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
080603SL 
5.00 
19,961.19,961. 
0. 
78OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
082203SL 
5.00 
8,045. 4,023. 
4,022. 
4,022. 
0. 
103COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
040103SL 
5.00 
46,500.13,950. 32,550. 32,550. 
0. 
104OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
010504SL 
5.00 
10,835.10,835. 
0. 
1200FFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
020705SL 
5.00 
6,714. 6,714. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
020505SL 
5.00 
2,496. 2,496. 
0. 
12ZDFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
021505SL 
5.00 
2,086. 2,086. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806220
--- PAGE 109 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
ASe.41 
Description 
Date 
Mowed 
Method 
We 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
ReduclionM 
Basis 
ElasitiFOr 
Basis
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount DI 
Depreciation 
123OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
110105SL 
5.00 
13,164.13,164. 
0. 
128OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
021606SL 
5.00 
9,755. 9,755. 
0. 
135OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
051507SL 
5.00 
39,598.39,598. 
0. 
130OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
112007SL 
5.00 
19,628.19,628. 
0. 
143OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
031808SL 
5.00 
8,967. 8,967. 
0. 
144OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
050708SL 
5.00 
16,400.16,400. 
0. 
145OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070208SL 
5.00 
11,364.11,364. 
0. 
150OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
053111SL 
5.00 
4,382. 4,382. 
0. 
161OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
022212SL 
5.00 
6,075. 6,075. 
0. 
162OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
062212SL 
5.00 
3,325. 3,325. 
0. 
163OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
080513SL 
5.00 
11,001.11,001. 
0. 
172OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
032814SL 
5.00 
22,211.22,211. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
1,102,661. 
335,566. 767,115. 767,115. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
1,110,431. 
343,316. 767,115. 767,115. 
0. 
106MAINTENANCE (FL) 
022504SL 
3.00 
2,500. 2,500. 
0. 
192OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
080603200DB5.00 
2,098. 1,049. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
4,598. 3,549. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
0. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
LOFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
083191SL 
5.00 
12,526. 
12,526. 12,526. 
0. 
16OFFICE EQUIPMENT (USED CAR (FL)) 
060193SL 
5.00 
2,500. 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
29OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
070196SL 
5.00 
10,695. 
10,695. 10,695. 
0. 
43OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
070198SL 
5.00 
77,109. 
77,109. 77,109. 
0. 
51COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (FL) 
070199SL 
5.00 
45,399. 
45,399. 45,399. 
0. 
54COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (FL) 
070197SL 
5.00 
12,929. 
12,929. 12,929. 
0. 
57COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (FL) 
070100SL 
5.00 
66,827. 
66,827. 66,827. 
0. 
63OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
010101SL 
5.00 
4,899. 4,899. 
0. 
64-OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
010101SL 
5.00 
4,244. 4,244. 
0. 
79OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 
11,449. 3,435. 
8,014. 
8,014. 
0. 
80OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 
5,563. 1,669. 
3,894. 
3,894. 
0. 
81OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 
15,000. 4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
82OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
060303SL 
5.00 
4,088. 2,044. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
0. 
83OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
063003SL 
5.00 
1,880. 
940. 
940. 
940. 
0. 
86OFFICE 
831OFFICE 
EQUIPMENT (FL) 
EQUIPMENT (FL) 
080603SL 
100203SL 
5.00 
5.00 
2,187. 
1,639. 
1,093. 
819. 
1,094. 
820. 
1,094. 
820. 
0. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806221
--- PAGE 110 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— NEXT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
ANI 
Description 
Date 
Accitmed 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
ReductionM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciatim 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount DI 
Depreciation 
86OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
111803SL 
5.00 
3,355. 1,678. 
1,677. 
1,677. 
0. 
87OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
123103SL 
5.00 
3,596. 1,798. 
1,798. 
1,798. 
0. 
114OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
020705SL 
5.00 
2,110. 2,110. 
0. 
129OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
020906SL 
5.00 
5,550. 5,550. 
0. 
137OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
051507SL 
5.00 
11,175.11,175. 
0. 
13&OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
112007SL 
5.00 
5,328. 5,328. 
0. 
146OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
012308SL 
5.00 
12,116.12,116. 
0. 
193COMPUTER EQUIPMENT(FL) 
103191SL 
5.00 
1,225. 
1,225. 
1,225. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
323,389.63,398. 259,991. 259,991. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
327,987.66,947. 261,040. 261,040. 
0. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
52COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (CA) 
070199SL 
5.00 
69,509. 
69,509. 69,509. 
0. 
58COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (CA) 
070100SL 
5.00 
66,027. 
66,027. 66,027. 
0. 
65OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,161. 1,161. 
0. 
66OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,546. 1,546. 
0. 
67OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,132. 1,132. 
0. 
68OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
2,273. 2,273. 
0. 
69OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
071502SL 
5.00 
4,569. 4,569. 
0. 
88OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
040903SL 
5.00 
17,211. 5,163. 12,048. 12,048. 
0. 
89OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
041603SL 
5.00 
15,000. 4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
90OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
063003SL 
5.00 
6,016. 3,008. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
0. 
91OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
123103SL 
5.00 
2,420. 1,210. 
1,210. 
1,210. 
0. 
107OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
092904SL 
5.00 
8,646. 8,646. 
0. 
113OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010104SL 
5.00 
2,500. 2,500. 
0. 
115OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
031605SL 
5.00 
1,984. 1,984. 
0. 
139OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
051507SL 
5.00 
8,293. 8,293. 
0. 
140OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
112007SL 
5.00 
3,084. 3,084. 
0. 
147OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
012308SL 
5.00 
14,069.14,069. 
0. 
157OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
111411SL 
5.00 
13,425.13,425. 
0. 
180OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
123115200DB5.00 
35,905.35,905. 
0. 
195OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
042616200DB5.00 
4,927. 4,927. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
279,697. 117,395. 162,302. 162,302. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
279,697. 117.395. 162,302. 162,302. 
0. 
AUILDINGS 
628100 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806222
--- PAGE 111 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— NEXT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
A.Sol 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciatm 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
6LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 
25,209. 
25,209. 25,209. 
0. 
9LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070190SL 
31.00 33,158. 
33,158. 33,158. 
0. 
1TLEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022894SL 
39.00 
8,179. 
8,179. 
4,594. 
210. 
18LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
043094SL 
39.00 
2,319. 
2,319. 
1,281. 
59. 
19/LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
073194SL 
39.00 10,964. 
10,964. 
6,030. 
281. 
20CEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
083194SL 
39.00 32,074. 
32,074. 17,571. 
822. 
21LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
103094SL 
39.00 11,325. 
11,325. 
6,151. 
290. 
22LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
113094SL 
39.00 12,425. 
12,425. 
6,739. 
319. 
24LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070195SL 
39.00 12,155. 
12,155. 
6,729. 
312. 
30C,EASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070196SL 
39.00 54,075. 
54,075. 28,356. 
1,386. 
34LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070197SL 
39.00 55,400. 
55,400. 27,632. 
1,420. 
37LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
112298SL 
39.00 11,700. 
11,700. 
5,438. 
300. 
4TLEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070199SL 
39.00 112,785. 
112,785. 50,491. 
2,892. 
59LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070100SL 
39.00 37,330. 
37,330. 15,751. 
957. 
92LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
062203SL 
39.00 103,492.51,746. 51,746. 17,970. 
1,327. 
93LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
072403SL 
39.00 26,080.13,040. 13,040. 
4,495. 
334. 
94LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
081203SL 
39.00 17,758. 8,879. 
8,879. 
3,050. 
228. 
95LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091803SL 
39.00 128,435.64,218. 64,217. 21,892. 
1,647. 
96LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
102803SL 
39.00 16,767. 8,384. 
8,383. 
2,840. 
215. 
97LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111903SL 
39.00 41,981.20,991. 20,990. 
7,061. 
538. 
108LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
011604SL 
39.00 
5,649. 2,825. 
2,824. 
933. 
72. 
109LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021704SL 
39.00 
7,686. 3,843. 
3,843. 
1,274. 
99. 
1101LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123104150DB15.00 25,000.12,500. 12,500. 10,326. 
738. 
130CEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022106150DBE5.00 10,485. 
10,485. 
7,700. 
619. 
131LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
030306150DB15.00 21,461. 
21,461. 15,757. 
1,266. 
148LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021208150DBE5.00 11,736. 5,868. 
5,868. 
3,426. 
346. 
149LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121908150DB15.00 16,000. 8,000. 
8,000. 
4,276. 
472. 
151LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070110150DBE5.00 75,753.75,753. 
0. 
155LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111411150DB15.00 11,227.11,227. 
0. 
158LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
050412150DBE5.00 
4,167. 4,167. 
0. 
159LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111012150DB15.00 14,059.14,059. 
0. 
164LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091913150DBE5.00 131,030. 131,030, 
0. 
165LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121713150DB15.00 
9,633. 9,633. 
0. 
166LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123113150DBE5.00 100,954. 100,954. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806223
--- PAGE 112 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Afe.ol 
DescriMio 
Date 
Mound 
Method 
1-04 
Unadjusted 
0CIM Or Basis 
110010000 In 
154M 
Bass For 
DorMAN 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount 01 
Depreciation 
171LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022714150DB15.00 12,760.12,760. 
0. 
174LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
060414150DB0.5.00 156,004. 156,004. 
0. 
181LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
080515150DB15.00 63,396.63,396. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
1,430,611. 
779,277, 651,334. 336,130. 17,149. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
1,430,611. 
779,277. 651,334. 336,130. 17,149. 
BUILDINGS 
3aLEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
082898SL 
39.00 29,553. 
29,553. 13,929. 
758. 
167LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
092613150DBI5.00 13,994.13,994. 
0. 
182LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
092515150DB15.00 25,179.25,179. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
68,726.39,173. 29,553. 13,929. 
758. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
68,726.39,173. 29,553. 13,929. 
758. 
196LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
010516150DBI5.00 11,130.11,130. 
0. 
197LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032316150DB15.00 25,305.25,305. 
0. 
198LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
061416150DBE5.00 10,561.10,561. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
46,996.46,996. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
BUILDINGS 
25LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
070195SL 
39.00 11,498. 
11,498. 
6,362. 
295. 
116LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
022405150DB0.5.00 
6,000. 
6,000. 
4,761. 
355. 
117LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032105150DB15.00 
800. 
800. 
633. 
47. 
160CEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
091612150DBI5.00 
5,285. 5,285. 
0. 
168LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
083113150DB15.00 21,300.21,300. 
0. 
181LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
062615150DBE5.00 44,230.44,230. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
89,113.70,815. 18,298. 11,756. 
697. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
136,109. 117,811•
18,298. 11,756. 
697. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
053191SL 
7.00 
4,775. 
4,775. 
4,775. 
0. 
7FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 
26,013. 
26,013. 26,013. 
0. 
10IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070190SL 
7.00 
4,541. 3,465. 
1,076. 
1,076. 
0. 
26FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070195SL 
7.00 
31,451. 
31,451. 31,451. 
0. 
31FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070196SL 
7.00 
35,874.17,500. 18,374. 18,374. 
0. 
35FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070197SL 
7.00 
8,872. 8,872. 
0. 
39FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070198SL 
7.00 
12,254. 
12,254. 12,254. 
0. 
48FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070199SL 
7.00 
66,766. 
66,766. 66,766. 
0. 
60IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070100SL 
7.00 
39,506. 
39,506. 39,506. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806224
--- PAGE 113 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Afe.al 
Description 
Date 
Ammed 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
ReduclionM 
Basis 
Dae]tiFOr 
Basis
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount 01 
Depreciation 
70/FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
043002SL 
7.00 
12,000.12,000. 
0. 
982URNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
112503SL 
7.00 
3,598. 1,799. 
1,799. 
1,799. 
0. 
99/FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
120403SL 
7.00 
28,027.14,014. 14,013. 14,013. 
0. 
100IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
080803SL 
7.00 
48,543.24,272. 24,271. 24,271. 
0. 
101FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
092603SL 
7.00 
3,874. 1,937. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
0. 
102FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
120803SL 
7.00 
7,275. 3,638. 
3,637. 
3,637. 
0. 
111FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
112304SL 
7.00 
6,001. 6,001. 
0. 
112FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
013004SL 
7.00 
165. 
165. 
0. 
124FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
012005SL 
7.00 
6,215. 6,215. 
0. 
125FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
031105SL 
7.00 
111. 
111. 
0. 
126FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
061705SL 
7.00 
8,440. 8,440. 
0. 
127TURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
071405SL 
7.00 
936. 
936. 
0. 
134FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
031406SL 
7.00 
4,664. 4,664. 
0. 
141FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
021407SL 
7.00 
4,881. 4,881. 
0. 
142FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
051507SL 
7.00 
6,610. 6,610. 
0. 
150IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
050708SL 
7.00 
3,542. 3,542. 
0. 
151FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
122608SL 
7.00 
4,400. 4,400. 
0. 
152FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
012309SL 
7.00 
4,400. 4,400. 
0. 
154FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
011410SL 
5.00 
1,214. 1,214. 
0. 
169FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
080813SL 
7.00 
39,929.39,929. 
0. 
170'FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
123113SL 
7.00 
11,688.11,688. 
0. 
175FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
011014SL 
7.00 
23,085.23,085. 
0. 
176FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
021414SL 
7.00 
41,566.41,566. 
0. 
177TURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
050714SL 
7.00 
17,813.17,813. 
0. 
185FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070115200DB'7.00 
8,706. 8,706. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE AND FIXTURES 
527,735. 281.863. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
527,735. 281.863. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
32FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070196SL 
7.00 
16,528. 
16,528. 16,528. 
0. 
36FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070197SL 
7.00 
1,952. 1,952. 
0. 
40/FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070198SL 
7.00 
21,639. 
21,639. 21,639. 
0. 
49FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070199SL 
7.00 
1,953. 
1,953. 
1,953. 
0. 
132FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
051506SL 
7.00 
2,789. 2,789. 
0. 
133FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
072006SL 
7.00 
2,999. 2,999. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) - As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806225
--- PAGE 114 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— NEXT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Assai 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
Reductionln 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciatm 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
AmouMOI 
Depreciation 
171FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
012913SL 
7.00 
2,825. 2,825. 
0. 
178FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
071014SL 
7.00 
7,196. 7,196. 
0. 
184FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
101215200DB'7.00 
3,778. 3,778. 
0. 
194FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
060191SL 
7.00 
16,047. 
16,047. 16,047. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE AND FIXTURES 
77,706.21,539. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
77,706.21,539. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
27FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
070195SL 
7.00 
16,832. 
16,832. 16,832. 
0. 
33FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
070196SL 
7.00 
6,256. 
6,256. 
6,256. 
0. 
41FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
070198SL 
7.00 
13,092. 
13,092. 13,092. 
0. 
11&FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
031605SL 
7.00 
6,191. 6,191. 
0. 
119FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
042905SL 
7.00 
7,975. 7,975. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE AND FIXTURES 
50,346.14,166. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
50,346.14,166. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
179SOFTWARE (NY) 
012215SL 
3.00 155,603.77,802. 77,801. 49,707. 25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
155,603.77,802. 77,801. 49,707. 25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
155,603.77,802. 77,801. 49,707. 25,934. 
187ORGANIZATION COSTS 
010489709 60M 
26,951. 
26,951. 26,951. 
0. 
188START-UP COSTS 
071692195 60M 
26,000. 
26,000. 26,000. 
0. 
189START-UP COSTS 
070192195 60M 
25,000. 
25,000. 25,000. 
0. 
19OCOVENANT NOT TO COMPETE 
103110197 180M 
3,000,000. 
3,000,000. 
1,233,333. 200,000. 
191ORGANIZATION COSTS 
061515709 180M 
15,790. 
15,790. 
1,667. 
1,053. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
3,093,741. 
0. 
3,093,741. 
1,312,951. 201,053. 
BUILDINGS 
186LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (MET) 
070115150DB15.00 10,000.10,000. 
0. 
199LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (MET) 
052816150DB15.00 12,600.12,600. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
22,600.22,600. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
3,116,341.22 , 600. 
3,093,741. 
1,312,951. 201,053. 
* GRAND TOTAL OTHER DEPR AND AMORT 
7,281,292. 1,881,889. 
5,399,403. 
3,253,149. 245,591. 
TOTALS FOR NEW YORK 
7,281,292. 1,881,889. 
5,399,403. 
3,253,149. 245,591. 
105MAINTENANCE (NY) 
022504SL 
3.00 
7,750. 7,750. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
7,750. 7,750. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806226
--- PAGE 115 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
Ace.al 
Description 
Date 
Accgma 
Method 
Ule 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
ReductionM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Deprecaon 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount DI 
Depreciation 
2COMPUTER 
4OFFICE 
5COMPUTER 
&OFFICE 
11COMPUTER 
12PRINTER 
13OFFICE 
14OFFICE 
15COMPUTER 
23OFFICE 
28OFFICE 
42OFFICE 
SOCOMPUTER 
53COMPUTER 
55COMPUTER 
594COMPUTER 
6LOFFICE 
62OFFICE 
71COMPUTER 
72COMPUTER 
73COMPUTER 
74COMPUTER 
75COMPUTER 
79COMPUTER 
77COMPUTER 
78OFFICE 
103COMPUTER 
104OFFICE 
'al
12LOFFICE 
122OFFICE 
123OFFICE 
FFICE 
13DFFICE 
EQUIPMENT(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
-96 RETIRED 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
-OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
103191SL 
010489SL 
010489SL 
070190SL 
013192SL 
022693SL 
051093SL 
100193SL 
110193SL 
070195SL 
070196SL 
070198SL 
070199SL 
070197SL 
070196SL 
070100SL 
010101SL 
010101SL 
041003SL 
041003SL 
042403SL 
052303SL 
061703SL 
072203SL 
080603SL 
082203SL 
040103SL 
010504SL 
020705SL 
020505SL 
021505SL 
110105SL 
021606SL 
051507SL 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
16,816. 
12,215. 
47,819. 
6,535. 
8,539. 
4,241. 
2,382. 
2,454. 
31,034.17,500. 
55,855. 
45,326. 
126,474. 
202,098. 
38,206. 
-19,757. 
174,341. 
2,014. 
1,959. 
41,698.41,698. 
20,169.20,169. 
3,372. 
4,443. 
6,582. 
5,359. 
19,961.19,961. 
8,045. 
46,500.13,950. 
10,835.10,835. 
6,714. 
2,496. 
2,086. 
13,164.13,164. 
9,755. 
39,598.39,598. 
6,535. 
2,014. 
1,959. 
3,372. 
4,443. 
6,582. 
5,359. 
4,023. 
6,714. 
2,496. 
2,086. 
9,755. 
16,816. 
12,215. 
47,819. 
8,539. 
4,241. 
2,382. 
2,454. 
13,534. 
55,855. 
45,326. 
126,474. 
202,098. 
38,206. 
-19,757. 
174,341. 
4,022. 
32,550. 
16,816. 
12,215. 
47,819. 
8,539. 
4,241. 
2,382. 
2,454. 
13,534. 
55,855. 
45,326. 
126,474. 
202,098. 
38,206. 
-19,757. 
174,341. 
4,022. 
32,550. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806227
--- PAGE 116 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
ASS41 
Description 
Date 
Mcgmed 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
CoM0rBasis 
ReduclionM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciatim 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount 01 
Depreciation 
136OFFICE 
143OFFICE 
144OFFICE 
145OFFICE 
156OFFICE 
16LOFFICE 
162OFFICE 
163OFFICE 
172OFFICE 
100MAINTENANCE 
192OFFICE 
LOFFICE 
16OFFICE 
29OFFICE 
43OFFICE 
51COMPUTER 
54COMPUTER 
57COMPUTER 
63OFFICE 
64OFFICE 
79OFFICE 
80OFFICE 
8LOFFICE 
82OFFICE 
83OFFICE 
84OFFICE 
85OFFICE 
86OFFICE 
FFICE 
11DFFICE 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
EQUIPMENT 
(NY) 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY 
AND EQUIP 
* OTHER TOTAL 
- 
(FL) 
EQUIP-FL 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
MACHINERY 
& EQUIPMENT 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(USED CAR (FL)) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
EQUIPMENT 
(FL) 
112007SL 
031808SL 
050708SL 
070208SL 
053111SL 
022212SL 
062212SL 
080513SL 
032814SL 
022504SL 
080603200DB5.00 
083191SL 
060193SL 
070196SL 
070198SL 
070199SL 
070197SL 
070100SL 
010101SL 
010101SL 
040903SL 
040903SL 
040903SL 
060303SL 
063003SL 
080603SL 
100203SL 
111803SL 
123103SL 
020705SL 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
3.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
19,628.19,628. 
8,967. 
16,400.16,400. 
11,364.11,364. 
4,382. 
6,075. 
3,325. 
11,001.11,001. 
22,211.22,211. 
1,102,681.22,211. 
IA0,431.22,211. 
2,500. 
2,098. 
4,598. 
12,526. 
2,500. 
10,695. 
77,109. 
45,399. 
12,929. 
66,827. 
4,899. 
4,244. 
11,449. 
5,563. 
15,000. 
4,088. 
1,880. 
2,187. 
1,639. 
3,355. 
3,596. 
2,110. 
8,967. 
4,382. 
6,075. 
3,325. 
2,500. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
4,899. 
4,244. 
3,435. 
1,669. 
4,500. 
2,044. 
940. 
1,093. 
819. 
1,678. 
1,798. 
2,110. 
767,115. 
767,115. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
12,526. 
2,500. 
10,695. 
77,109. 
45,399. 
12,929. 
66,827. 
8,014. 
3,894. 
10,500. 
2,044. 
940. 
1,094. 
820. 
1,677. 
1,798. 
767,115. 
767,115. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
12,526. 
2,500. 
10,695. 
77,109. 
45,399. 
12,929. 
66,827. 
8,014. 
3,894. 
10,500. 
2,044. 
940. 
1,094. 
820. 
1,677. 
1,798. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. FIR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806228
--- PAGE 117 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Ace1 
Description 
Date 
Mewed 
Method 
We 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
Redudonln
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
020906SL 
5.00 
5,550. 5,550. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
051507SL 
5.00 
11,175.11,175. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
112007SL 
5.00 
5,328. 5,328. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
012308SL 
5.00 
12,116.12,116. 
0. 
OMPUTER EQUIPMENT(FL) 
103191SL 
5.00 
1,225. 
1,225. 
1,225. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
323,389. 
0. 259,991. 259,991. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
327,987. 
0. 261,040. 261,040. 
0. 
CHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
OMPUTER EQUIPMENT (CA) 
070199SL 
5.00 
69,509. 
69,509. 69,509. 
0. 
OMPUTER EQUIPMENT (CA) 
070100SL 
5.00 
66,027. 
66,027. 66,027. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,161. 1,161. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,546. 1,546. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,132. 1,132. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
2,273. 2,273. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
071502SL 
5.00 
4,569. 4,569. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
040903SL 
5.00 
17,211. 5,163. 12,048. 12,048. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
041603SL 
5.00 
15,000. 4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
063003SL 
5.00 
6,016. 3,008. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
123103SL 
5.00 
2,420. 1,210. 
1,210. 
1,210. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
092904SL 
5.00 
8,646. 8,646. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010104SL 
5.00 
2,500. 2,500. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
031605SL 
5.00 
1,984. 1,984. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
051507SL 
5.00 
8,293. 8,293. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
112007SL 
5.00 
3,084. 3,084. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
012308SL 
5.00 
14,069.14,069. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
111411SL 
5.00 
13,425.13,425. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
123115200DB5.00 
35,905.35,905. 
0. 
FFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
042616200DB5.00 
4,927. 4,927. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
279,697. 4,927. 162,302. 162,302. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
279,697. 4,927. 162,302. 162,302. 
0. 
UILDINGS 
EASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 
25,209. 
25,209. 25,209. 
0. 
EASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070190SL 
31.00 33,158. 
33,158. 33,158. 
0. 
EASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022894SL 
39.00 
8,179. 
8,179. 
4,594. 
210. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806229
--- PAGE 118 ---
2O17 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
A.Sol 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
MeMM 
Life 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
' 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Deoreciatm 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
18LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
043094SL 
39.00 
2,319. 
2,319. 
1,281. 
59. 
19'LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
073194SL 
39.00 10,964. 
10,964. 
6,030. 
281. 
2aLEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
083194SL 
39.00 32,074. 
32,074. 17,571. 
822. 
21LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
103094SL 
39.00 11,325. 
11,325. 
6,151. 
290. 
22LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
113094SL 
39.00 12,425. 
12,425. 
6,739. 
319. 
24LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070195SL 
39.00 12,155. 
12,155. 
6,729. 
312. 
30LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070196SL 
39.00 54,075. 
54,075. 28,356. 
1,386. 
34.LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070197SL 
39.00 55,400. 
55,400. 27,632. 
1,420. 
37LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
112298SL 
39.00 11,700. 
11,700. 
5,438. 
300. 
47LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070199SL 
39.00 112,785. 
112,785. 50,491. 
2,892. 
59/LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070100SL 
39.00 37,330. 
37,330. 15,751. 
957. 
92LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
062203SL 
39.00 103,492.51,746. 51,746. 17,970. 
1,327. 
93LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
072403SL 
39.00 26,080.13,040. 13,040. 
4,495. 
334. 
94.LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
081203SL 
39.00 17,758. 8,879. 
8,879. 
3,050. 
228. 
95LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091803SL 
39.00 128,435.64,218. 64,217. 21,892. 
1,647. 
96LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
102803SL 
39.00 16,767. 8,384. 
8,383. 
2,840. 
215. 
97LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111903SL 
39.00 41,981.20,991. 20,990. 
7,061. 
538. 
108LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
011604SL 
39.00 
5,649. 2,825. 
2,824. 
933. 
72. 
109LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021704SL 
39.00 
7,686. 3,843. 
3,843. 
1,274. 
99. 
110CEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123104150DBE5.00 25,000.12,500. 12,500. 10,326. 
738. 
1301LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022106150DB15.00 10,485. 
10,485. 
7,700. 
619. 
131LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
030306150DBE5.00 21,461. 
21,461. 15,757. 
1,266. 
148LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021208150DB15.00 11,736. 5,868. 
5,868. 
3,426. 
346. 
149LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121908150DBE5.00 16,000. 8,000. 
8,000. 
4,276. 
472. 
151LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070110150DB15.00 75,753.75,753. 
0. 
155LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111411150DBE5.00 11,227.11,227. 
0. 
15aLEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
050412150DB15.00 
4,167. 4,167. 
0. 
159LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111012150DBE5.00 14,059.14,059. 
0. 
164LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091913150DB15.00 131,030. 131,030. 
0. 
165LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121713150DBI5.00 
9,633. 9,633. 
0. 
166LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123113150DB15.00 100,954. 100,954. 
0. 
173LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022714150DBE5.00 12,760.12,760. 
0. 
174LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
060414150DB15.00 156,004. 156,004. 
0. 
181LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
080515150DBI5.00 63,396.63,396. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3O9O. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806230
--- PAGE 119 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— NEXT YEAR STATE — 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Afe.al 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Accitmed 
Method 
We 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
RedoclionM
Basis 
Bass For 
Depredatim 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount 01 
Depreciation 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
1,430,611.63,396. 651,334. 336,130. 17,149. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
1,430,611.63,396. 651,334. 336,130. 17,149. 
BUILDINGS 
38LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
082898SL 
39.00 29,553. 
29,553. 13,929. 
758. 
167LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
092613150DB15.00 13,994.13,994. 
0. 
182LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
0925,15150DB0.5.00 25,179.25,179. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
68,726.25,179. 29,553. 13,929. 
758. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
68,726.25,179. 29,553. 13,929. 
758. 
196LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
010516150DB15.00 11,130.11,130. 
0. 
197LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032316150DB0.5.00 25,305.25,305. 
0. 
198LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
061416150DB15.00 10,561.10,561. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
46,996.10,561. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
BUILDINGS 
25LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
070195SL 
39.00 11,498. 
11,498. 
6,362. 
295. 
116LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
022405150DB15.00 
6,000. 
6,000. 
4,761. 
355. 
117LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032105150DB0.5.00 
800. 
800. 
633. 
47. 
160/LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
091612150DB15.00 
5,285. 5,285. 
0. 
168LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
083113150DB0.5.00 21,300.21,300. 
0. 
183LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
062615150DB15.00 44,230.44,230. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
89,113.44,230. 18,298. 11,756. 
697. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
136,109.44,230. 18,298. 11,756. 
697. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
3FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
053191SL 
7.00 
4,775. 
4,775. 
4,775. 
0. 
7FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 
26,013. 
26,013. 26,013. 
0. 
10/FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070190SL 
7.00 
4,541. 3,465. 
1,076. 
1,076. 
0. 
26FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070195SL 
7.00 
31,451. 
31,451. 31,451. 
0. 
31FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070196SL 
7.00 
35,874.17,500. 18,374. 18,374. 
0. 
35FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070197SL 
7.00 
8,872. 8,872. 
0. 
39TURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070198SL 
7.00 
12,254. 
12,254. 12,254. 
0. 
48FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070199SL 
7.00 
66,766. 
66,766. 66,766. 
0. 
60/FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070100SL 
7.00 
39,506. 
39,506. 39,506. 
0. 
70FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
043002SL 
7.00 
12,000.12,000. 
0. 
98FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
112503SL 
7.00 
3,598. 1,799. 
1,799. 
1,799. 
0. 
99TURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
120403SL 
7.00 
28,027.14,014. 14,013. 14,013. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806231
--- PAGE 120 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Ase...i 
Description 
Date 
Mewed 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
ReduclionM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciatim 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
100IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
080803SL 
7.00 
48,543.24,272. 24,271. 24,271. 
0. 
101FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
092603SL 
7.00 
3,874. 1,937. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
0. 
102FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
120803SL 
7.00 
7,275. 3,638. 
3,637. 
3,637. 
0. 
111FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
112304SL 
7.00 
6,001. 6,001. 
0. 
112FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
013004SL 
7.00 
165. 
165. 
0. 
124FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
012005SL 
7.00 
6,215. 6,215. 
0. 
125FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
031105SL 
7.00 
111. 
111. 
0. 
126FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
061705SL 
7.00 
8,440. 8,440. 
0. 
127FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
071405SL 
7.00 
936. 
936. 
0. 
134FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
031406SL 
7.00 
4,664. 4,664. 
0. 
141FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
021407SL 
7.00 
4,881. 4,881. 
0. 
142FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
051507SL 
7.00 
6,610. 6,610. 
0. 
150/FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
050708SL 
7.00 
3,542. 3,542. 
0. 
151FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
122608SL 
7.00 
4,400. 4,400. 
0. 
152FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
012309SL 
7.00 
4,400. 4,400. 
0. 
154FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
011410SL 
5.00 
1,214. 1,214. 
0. 
169FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
080813SL 
7.00 
39,929.39,929. 
0. 
170IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
123113SL 
7.00 
11,688.11,688. 
0. 
175FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
011014SL 
7.00 
23,085.23,085. 
0. 
176FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
021414SL 
7.00 
41,566.41,566. 
0. 
177FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
050714SL 
7.00 
17,813.17,813. 
0. 
185FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070115200Dg7.00 
8,706. 8,706. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE AND FIXTURES 
527,735. 8,706. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
527,735. 8,706. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
32FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070196SL 
7.00 
16,528. 
16,528. 16,528. 
0. 
36FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070197SL 
7.00 
1,952. 1,952. 
0. 
40WURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070198SL 
7.00 
21,639. 
21,639. 21,639. 
0. 
49FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070199SL 
7.00 
1,953. 
1,953. 
1,953. 
0. 
132FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
051506SL 
7.00 
2,789. 2,789. 
0. 
133FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
072006SL 
7.00 
2,999. 2,999. 
0. 
171FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
012913SL 
7.00 
2,825. 2,825. 
0. 
178FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
071014SL 
7.00 
7,196. 7,196. 
0. 
184FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
101215200Dg7.00 
3,778. 3,778. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806232
--- PAGE 121 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR STATE - 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.sol 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
ReductionM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciatim 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount DI 
Depreciation 
194FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
060191SL 
7.00 
16,047. 
16,047. 16,047. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE AND FIXTURES 
77,706. 
0. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
77,706. 
0. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
27FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
070195SL 
7.00 
16,832. 
16,832. 16,832. 
0. 
33FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
070196SL 
7.00 
6,256. 
6,256. 
6,256. 
0. 
41FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
070198SL 
7.00 
13,092. 
13,092. 13,092. 
0. 
118FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
031605SL 
7.00 
6,191. 6,191. 
0. 
119/FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
042905SL 
7.00 
7,975. 7,975. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE AND FIXTURES 
50,346. 7,975. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
50,346. 7,975. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
179SOFTWARE (NY) 
012215SL 
3.00 155,603.77,802. 77,801. 49,707. 25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY AND EQUIP 
155,603.77,802. 77,801. 49,707. 25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
155,603.77,802. 77,801. 49,707. 25,934. 
187ORGANIZATION COSTS 
010489709 60M 
26,951. 
26,951. 26,951. 
0. 
188START-UP COSTS 
071692195 60M 
26,000. 
26,000. 26,000. 
0. 
189START-UP COSTS 
070192195 60M 
25,000. 
25,000. 25,000. 
0. 
19000VENANT NOT TO COMPETE 
103110197 180M 
3,000,000. 
3,000,000. 
233,333. 200,000. 
191ORGANIZATION COSTS 
061515709 180M 
15,790. 
15,790. 
1,667. 
1,053. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
093 741 
. 
. 
- 
0. 
3,093,741. 
1,312,951. 201 , 
053 . 
BUILDINGS 
186LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (MET) 
070115150DB15.00 10,000.10,000. 
0. 
199LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (MET) 
052816150DB0.5.00 12,600.12,600. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
22,600.12,600. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
3,116,341.12,600. 
3,093,741. 
1,312,951. 201,053. 
* GRAND TOTAL OTHER DEPR AND AMORT 
7,281,292.12 , 600 . 
5,399,403. 
3,253,149. 245,591. 
626106 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806233
--- PAGE 122 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
'43 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
105MAINTENANCE (NY) 
022504 L 
3.00 
7,750. 7,750. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
7,750. 7,750. 
0. 
0. 
0. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
DCOMPUTER EQUIPMENT(NY) 
103191 L 
5.00 
16,816. 
16,816. 16,816. 
0. 
4OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
010489 L 
5.00 
12,215. 
12,215. 12,215. 
0. 
5COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
010489 L 
5.00 
47,819. 
47,819. 47,819. 
0. 
8OFFICE EQUIPMENT(NY) 
070190 L 
5.00 
6,535. 6,535. 
0. 
11COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
013192 L 
5.00 
8,539. 
8,539. 
8,539. 
0. 
12TRINTER (NY) 
022693 L 
5.00 
4,241. 
4,241. 
4,241. 
0. 
13OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
051093 L 
5.00 
2,382. 
2,382. 
2,382. 
0. 
14OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
100193 L 
5.00 
2,454. 
2,454. 
2,454. 
0. 
628100 04.01.16 
(0) - As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806234
--- PAGE 123 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Af4:4i 
'43 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
15COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
110193SL 
5.00 
31,034.17,500. 13,534. 13,534. 
0. 
23OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070195SL 
5.00 
55,855. 
55,855. 55,855. 
0. 
28OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070196SL 
5.00 
45,326. 
45,326. 45,326. 
0. 
42OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070198SL 
5.00 126,474. 
126,474. 126,474. 
0. 
50COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070199SL 
5.00 202,098. 
202,098. 202,098. 
0. 
53COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070197SL 
5.00 
38,206. 
38,206. 38,206. 
0. 
55COMPUTER -96 RETIRED 
070196SL 
5.00 -19,757. 
-19,757. -19,757. 
0. 
56COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070100SL 
5.00 174,341. 
174,341. 174,341. 
0. 
61OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
010101SL 
5.00 
2,014. 2,014. 
0. 
62OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,959. 1,959. 
0. 
71COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
041003SL 
5.00 
41,698.41,698. 
0. 
628103 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. FIR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806235
--- PAGE 124 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Af4:4i 
'43 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
72/COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
041003SL 
5.00 
20,169.20,169. 
0. 
73tOMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
042403SL 
5.00 
3,372. 3,372. 
0. 
74COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
052303SL 
5.00 
4,443. 4,443. 
0. 
75COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
061703SL 
5.00 
6,582. 6,582. 
0. 
76COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
072203SL 
5.00 
5,359. 5,359. 
0. 
77COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
080603SL 
5.00 
19,961.19,961. 
0. 
78OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
082203SL 
5.00 
8,045. 4,023. 
4,022. 
4,022. 
0. 
103COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NY) 
040103SL 
5.00 
46,500.13,950. 32,550. 32,550. 
0. 
104OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
010504SL 
5.00 
10,835.10,835. 
0. 
1200FFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
020705SL 
5.00 
6,714. 6,714. 
0. 
121OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
020505SL 
5.00 
2,496. 2,496. 
0. 
628100 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806236
--- PAGE 125 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
AN
A 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
122AFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
021505SL 
5.00 
2,086. 2,086. 
0. 
123OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
110105SL 
5.00 
13,164.13,164. 
0. 
128OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
021606SL 
5.00 
9,755. 9,755. 
0. 
135OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
051507SL 
5.00 
39,598.39,598. 
0. 
136OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
112007SL 
5.00 
19,628.19,628. 
0. 
143OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
031808SL 
5.00 
8,967. 8,967. 
0. 
144OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
050708SL 
5.00 
16,400.16,400. 
0. 
145OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
070208SL 
5.00 
11,364.11,364. 
0. 
156OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
053111SL 
5.00 
4,382. 4,382. 
0. 
16LOFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
022212SL 
5.00 
6,075. 6,075. 
0. 
16aOFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
062212SL 
5.00 
3,325. 3,325. 
0. 
628100 04.01.16 
(0) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806237
--- PAGE 126 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
'43 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount 01 
Depreciation 
163OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
080513SL 
5.00 
11,001.11,001. 
0. 
17WFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY) 
032814SL 
5.00 
22,211.22,211. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
1,102,681. 
335.566. 767,115. 767,115. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
1,110,431. 
343,316. 767,115. 767,115. 
0. 
106MAINTENANCE (FL) 
022504SL 
3.00 
2,500. 2,500. 
0. 
192OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
080603200DB6.00 
2,098. 1,049. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
200DB5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
5.00 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
4,598. 3,549. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
0. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
'OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
083191SL 
5.00 
12,526. 
12,526. 12,526. 
0. 
16OFFICE EQUIPMENT (USED CAR (FL)) 
060193SL 
5.00 
2,500. 
2,500. 
2,500. 
0. 
29OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
070196SL 
5.00 
10,695. 
10,695. 10,695. 
0. 
628100 04.01.16 
(0) - As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806238
--- PAGE 127 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Af4:4i 
'43 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
43OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
070198SL 
5.00 
77,109. 
77,109. 77,109. 
0. 
51COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (FL) 
070199SL 
5.00 
45,399. 
45,399. 45,399. 
0. 
54COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (FL) 
070197SL 
5.00 
12,929. 
12,929. 12,929. 
0. 
57COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (FL) 
070100SL 
5.00 
66,827. 
66,827. 66,827. 
0. 
63OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
010101SL 
5.00 
4,899. 4,899. 
0. 
64OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
010101SL 
5.00 
4,244. 4,244. 
0. 
79OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 
11,449. 3,435. 
8,014. 
8,014. 
0. 
80OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 
5,563. 1,669. 
3,894. 
3,894. 
0. 
81OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
040903SL 
5.00 
15,000. 4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
82OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
060303SL 
5.00 
4,088. 2,044. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
0. 
83OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
063003SL 
5.00 
1,880. 
940. 
940. 
940. 
0. 
628180 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806239
--- PAGE 128 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Ac4 i 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount 01 
Depreciation 
84OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
080603SL 
5.00 
2,187. 1,093. 
1,094. 
1,094. 
0. 
85OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
100203SL 
5.00 
1,639. 
819. 
820. 
820. 
0. 
86OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
111803SL 
5.00 
3,355. 1,678. 
1,677. 
1,677. 
0. 
87OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
123103SL 
5.00 
3,596. 1,798. 
1,798. 
1,798. 
0. 
114OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
020705SL 
5.00 
2,110. 2,110. 
0. 
129OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
020906SL 
5.00 
5,550. 5,550. 
0. 
137OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
051507SL 
5.00 
11,175.11,175. 
0. 
138OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
112007SL 
5.00 
5,328. 5,328. 
0. 
146OFFICE EQUIPMENT (FL) 
012308SL 
5.00 
12,116.12,116. 
0. 
193COMPUTER EQUIPMENT(FL) 
103191SL 
5.00 
1,225. 
1,225. 
1,225. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
323,389.63,398. 259,991. 259,991. 
0. 
626106 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806240
--- PAGE 129 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Af.s.A 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
327,987.66,947. 261,040. 261,040. 
0. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
52COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (CA) 
070199SL 
5.00 
69,509. 
69,509. 69,509. 
0. 
58COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (CA) 
070100SL 
5.00 
66,027. 
66,027. 66,027. 
0. 
65OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,161. 1,161. 
0. 
66OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,546. 1,546. 
0. 
67OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
1,132. 1,132. 
0. 
68OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010101SL 
5.00 
2,273. 2,273. 
0. 
69OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
071502SL 
5.00 
4,569. 4,569. 
0. 
88OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
040903SL 
5.00 
17,211. 5,163. 12,048. 12,048. 
0. 
89OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
041603SL 
5.00 
15,000. 4,500. 10,500. 10,500. 
0. 
628100 04.01.16 
(D) - As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806241
--- PAGE 130 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
ND 
Description 
Oat 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
90OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
063003SL 
5.00 
6,016. 3,008. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
0. 
91OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
123103SL 
5.00 
2,420. 1,210. 
1,210. 
1,210. 
0. 
107OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
092904SL 
5.00 
8,646. 8,646. 
0. 
113OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
010104SL 
5.00 
2,500. 2,500. 
0. 
115OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
031605SL 
5.00 
1,984. 1,984. 
0. 
139OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
051507SL 
5.00 
8,293. 8,293. 
0. 
140OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
112007SL 
5.00 
3,084. 3,084. 
0. 
147OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
012308SL 
5.00 
14,069.14,069. 
0. 
157OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
111411SL 
5.00 
13,425.13,425. 
0. 
180OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
123115200DB6.00 
35,905.35,905. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
5.00 
195OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
042616200DB5.00 
4,927. 4,927. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
5.00 
628180 04.01.16 
(0) - As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806242
--- PAGE 131 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
A.PSOI 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Mewed 
Method 
We 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
RedudonM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Doredatim 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
279,697. 117,395. 162,302. 162,302. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
279,697. 117.395. 162,302. 162,302. 
0. 
BUILDINGS 
GLEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 
25,209. 
25,209. 25,209. 
0. 
9LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070190SL 
31.00 33,158. 
33,158. 33,158. 
0. 
17LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022894SL 
39.00 
8,179. 
8,179. 
4,594. 
210. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
4,667. 
204. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
4,667. 
204. 
18LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
043094SL 
39.00 
2,319. 
2,319. 
1,281. 
59. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
1,317. 
58. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
1,317. 
58. 
19LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
073194SL 
39.00 10,964. 
10,964. 
6,030. 
281. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
6,154. 
274. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
6,154. 
274. 
20LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
083194SL 
39.00 32,074. 
32,074. 17,571. 
822. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
17,945. 
802. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
17,945. 
802. 
21LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
103094SL 
39.00 11,325. 
11,325. 
6,151. 
290. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
6,285. 
283. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
6,285. 
283. 
22LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
113094SL 
39.00 12,425. 
12,425. 
6,739. 
319. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
6,881. 
311. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
6,881. 
311. 
626106 04.01.16 
(0) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806243
--- PAGE 132 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
A.PSOI 
bk, 
Description 
Oat 
Mowed 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
ReduclionM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depredatim 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
24LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070195SL 
39.00 12,155. 
12,155. 
6,729. 
312. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
6,523. 
304. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
6,523. 
304. 
30ILEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070196SL 
39.00 54,075. 
54,075. 28,356. 
1,386. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
27,660. 
1,352. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
27,660. 
1,352. 
34LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070197SL 
39.00 55,400. 
55,400. 27,632. 
1,420. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
26,950. 
1,385. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
26,950. 
1,385. 
37LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
112298SL 
39.00 11,700. 
11,700. 
5,438. 
300. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
5,311. 
293. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
5,311. 
293. 
47LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070199SL 
39.00 112,785. 
112,785. 50,491. 
2,892. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
2,892. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
2,892. 
59LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070100SL 
39.00 37,330. 
37,330. 15,751. 
957. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
957. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
957. 
92LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
062203SL 
39.00 103,492.51,746. 51,746. 17,970. 
1,327. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 51,746. 
51,746. 
1,327. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
1,327. 
93LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
072403SL 
39.00 26,080.13,040. 13,040. 
4,495. 
334. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 13,040. 
13,040. 
334. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
334. 
94LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
081203SL 
39.00 17,758. 8,879. 
8,879. 
3,050. 
228. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
8,879. 
8,879. 
228. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
228. 
95LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091803SL 
39.00 128,435.64,218. 64,217. 21,892. 
1,647. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 64,217. 
64,217. 
1,647. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
1,647. 
96LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
102803SL 
39.00 16,767. 8,384. 
8,383. 
2,840. 
215. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
8,383. 
8,383. 
215. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
215. 
628100 04.01.16 
(0) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806244
--- PAGE 133 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Afe.al 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Mowed 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
ReduclionM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciatim 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
97LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111903SL 
39.00 41,981.20,991. 20,990. 
7,061. 
538. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 20,990. 
20,990. 
538. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
538. 
108LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
011604SL 
39.00 
5,649. 2,825. 
2,824. 
933. 
72. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
2,824. 
2,824. 
72. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
72. 
109/LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021704SL 
39.00 
7,686. 3,843. 
3,843. 
1,274. 
99. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
3,843. 
3,843. 
99. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
39.00 
99. 
110L,EASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123104150DBC.5.00 25,000.12,500. 12,500. 10,326. 
738. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 12,500. 
12,500. 
738. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
738. 
130LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022106150DB15.00 10,485. 
10,485. 
7,700. 
619. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB0.5.00 
7,699. 
619. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
7,699. 
619. 
131LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
030306150DBC.5.00 21,461. 
21,461. 15,757. 
1,266. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
15,757. 
1,268. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
15,757. 
1,268. 
148LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
021208150DB15.00 11,736. 5,868. 
5,868. 
3,426. 
346. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB0.5.00 
5,868. 
5,868. 
346. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
346. 
149LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121908150DB0.5.00 16,000. 8,000. 
8,000. 
4,276. 
472. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
8,000. 
8,000. 
472. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
472. 
153LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
070110150DB15.00 75,753.75,753. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB0.5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
155LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111411150DB0.5.00 11,227.11,227. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
158LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
050412150DB15.00 
4,167. 4,167. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB0.5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
628100 04.01.16 
(0) - As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806245
--- PAGE 134 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA — NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
A f.SO I 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
COMCIeBdei5 
' 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
pptedMi00 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
1591EASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
111012150DB15.00 14,059.14,059. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DBI5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
164LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
091913150DB0.5.00 131,030. 131,030, 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
165LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
121713150DB15.00 
9,633. 9,633. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB0.5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
166LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
123113150DB0.5.00 100,954. 100,954• 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
173LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
022714150DB15.00 12,760.12,760. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB0.5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
174LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
060414150DBC.5.00 156,004. 156,004. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
181LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (NY) 
080515150DB15.00 63,396.63,396. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB0.5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
1,430,611. 
779,277 • 651,334. 336,130. 17,149. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
1,430,611. 
779,277. 651,334. 336,130. 17,149. 
BUILDINGS 
38LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
082898SL 
39.00 29,553. 
29,553. 13,929. 
758. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
13,579. 
739. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
13,579. 
739. 
626106 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806246
--- PAGE 135 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Ace.O1 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Accnthed 
Method 
We 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
ReduclionM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount 01 
Depreciation 
167LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
092613150DB15.00 13,994.13,994. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DBI5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
182LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (FL) 
092515150DBC.5.00 25,179.25,179. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
68,726.39,173. 29,553. 13,929. 
758. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
68,726.39,173. 29,553. 13,929. 
758. 
196LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
010516150DB15.00 11,130.11,130. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB0.5.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
197LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032316150DBC.5.00 25,305. 8,943. 16,362. 
818. 
1,554. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
1,554. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
1,554. 
198LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
061416150DB15.00 10,561. 
10,561. 
528. 
1,003. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB0.5.00 
528. 
1,003. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
528. 
1,003. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
46,996.20,073. 26,923. 
1,346. 
2,557. 
BUILDINGS 
25LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
070195SL 
39.00 11,498. 
11,498. 
6,362. 
295. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
6,159. 
287. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
40.00 
6,159. 
287. 
116LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
022405150DB15.00 
6,000. 
6,000. 
4,761. 
355. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB0.5.00 
4,761. 
354. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
4,761. 
354. 
628100 04.01.16 
(0) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806247
--- PAGE 136 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Ace.al 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
We 
Unadjusted 
CostOrBasis 
ReductionM 
Basis 
Basis For 
Doredatim 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
117LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
032105150DB15.00 
800. 
800. 
633. 
47. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
634. 
47. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
634. 
47. 
160ILEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
091612150DB15.00 
5,285. 5,285. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
168LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
083113150DB15.00 21,300.21,300. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
183.LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
062615150DB15.00 44,230.44,230. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
* OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
89,113.70,815. 18,298. 11,756. 
697. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
136,109.90,888. 45,221. 13,102. 
3,254. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
053191SL 
7.00 
4,775. 
4,775. 
4,775. 
0. 
7FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
010489SL 
5.00 
26,013. 
26,013. 26,013. 
0. 
lOWURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070190SL 
7.00 
4,541. 3,465. 
1,076. 
1,076. 
0. 
26FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070195SL 
7.00 
31,451. 
31,451. 31,451. 
0. 
628100 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806248
--- PAGE 137 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Assai 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
31FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070196SL 
7.00 
35,874.17,500. 18,374. 18,374. 
0. 
35FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070197SL 
7.00 
8,872. 8,872. 
0. 
39FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070198SL 
7.00 
12,254. 
12,254. 12,254. 
0. 
48FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070199SL 
7.00 
66,766. 
66,766. 66,766. 
0. 
60FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070100SL 
7.00 
39,506. 
39,506. 39,506. 
0. 
70IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
043002SL 
7.00 
12,000.12,000. 
0. 
98FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
112503SL 
7.00 
3,598. 1,799. 
1,799. 
1,799. 
0. 
99'FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
120403SL 
7.00 
28,027.14,014. 14,013. 14,013. 
0. 
100FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
080803SL 
7.00 
48,543.24,272. 24,271. 24,271. 
0. 
101FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
092603SL 
7.00 
3,874. 1,937. 
1,937. 
1,937. 
0. 
102TURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
120803SL 
7.00 
7,275. 3,638. 
3,637. 
3,637. 
0. 
628100 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. FIR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806249
--- PAGE 138 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA — NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s.n 
ND 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
111FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
112304SL 
7.00 
6,001. 6,001. 
0. 
112YURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
013004SL 
7.00 
165. 
165. 
0. 
124FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
012005SL 
7.00 
6,215. 6,215. 
0. 
125FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
031105SL 
7.00 
111. 
111. 
0. 
126FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
061705SL 
7.00 
8,440. 8,440. 
0. 
12TFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
071405SL 
7.00 
936. 
936. 
0. 
134FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
031406SL 
7.00 
4,664. 4,664. 
0. 
141FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
021407SL 
7.00 
4,881. 4,881. 
0. 
142TURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
051507SL 
7.00 
6,610. 6,610. 
0. 
150IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
050708SL 
7.00 
3,542. 3,542. 
0. 
151FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
122608SL 
7.00 
4,400. 4,400. 
0. 
628100 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806250
--- PAGE 139 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA — NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Af4:4i 
ND 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
152FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
012309SL 
7.00 
4,400. 4,400. 
0. 
151FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
011410SL 
5.00 
1,214. 1,214. 
0. 
169FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
080813SL 
7.00 
39,929.39,929. 
0. 
170IFURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
123113SL 
7.00 
11,688.11,688. 
0. 
175FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
011014SL 
7.00 
23,085.23,085. 
0. 
176-FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
021414SL 
7.00 
41,566.41,566. 
0. 
177FURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
050714SL 
7.00 
17,813.17,813. 
0. 
185YURNITURE & FIXTURES (NY) 
070115200Dff7.00 
8,706. 8,706. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DR7.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
7.00 
* OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
527,735. 281,863. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
527,735. 281,863. 245,872. 245,872. 
0. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
626106 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806251
--- PAGE 140 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
— NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA — NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
ND 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
32FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070196SL 
7.00 
16,528. 
16,528. 16,528. 
0. 
36PURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070197SL 
7.00 
1,952. 1,952. 
0. 
40FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070198SL 
7.00 
21,639. 
21,639. 21,639. 
0. 
49'FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
070199SL 
7.00 
1,953. 
1,953. 
1,953. 
0. 
132TURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
051506SL 
7.00 
2,789. 2,789. 
0. 
133FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
072006SL 
7.00 
2,999. 2,999. 
0. 
171FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
012913SL 
7.00 
2,825. 2,825. 
0. 
178SURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
071014SL 
7.00 
7,196. 7,196. 
0. 
184FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
101215200DB7.00 
3,778. 3,778. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB7.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
7.00 
194FURNITURE & FIXTURES (FL) 
060191SL 
7.00 
16,047. 
16,047. 16,047. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
77,706.21,539. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
626106 04.01.16 
(D) - As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806252
--- PAGE 141 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
As.s4i 
bk, 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
77,706.21,539. 56,167. 56,167. 
0. 
FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
27FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
070195SL 
7.00 
16,832. 
16,832. 16,832. 
0. 
31FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
070196SL 
7.00 
6,256. 
6,256. 
6,256. 
0. 
41FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
070198SL 
7.00 
13,092. 
13,092. 13,092. 
0. 
118FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
031605SL 
7.00 
6,191. 6,191. 
0. 
119FURNITURE & FIXTURES (CA) 
042905SL 
7.00 
7,975. 7,975. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL FURNITURE & FIXTURES 
50,346.14,166. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
50,346.14,166. 36,180. 36,180. 
0. 
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
179SOFTWARE (NY) 
012215SL 
3.00 155,603.77,802. 77,801. 49,707. 25,934. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
SL 
3.00 
25,934. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
3.00 
25,934. 
628100 04.01.16 
(0) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806253
--- PAGE 142 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
es.s4i 
ND 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
Basis 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
* OTHER TOTAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT 
155,603.77,802. 77,801. 49,707. 25,934. 
* OTHER TOTAL - 
155,603.77,802. 77,801. 49,707. 25,934. 
187ORGANIZATION COSTS 
010489709 60M 
26,951. 
26,951. 26,951. 
0. 
188START-UP COSTS 
071692195 60M 
26,000. 
26,000. 26,000. 
0. 
189START-UP COSTS 
070192195 60M 
25,000. 
25,000. 25,000. 
0. 
190,COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE 
103110197 180M 
3,000,000•
3,000,000. 
1,233,333. 200,000. 
191ORGANIZATION COSTS 
061515709 180M 
15,790. 
15,790. 
1,667. 
1,053. 
* OTHER TOTAL OTHER 
3,093,741. 
0. 
3,093,741. 
1,312,951. 201,053. 
BUILDINGS 
186IEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (MET) 
070115150DBC5.00 10,000.10,000. 
0. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
19WLEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (MET) 
052816150DB15.00 12,600. 
12,600. 
630. 
1,197. 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
150DB15.00 
630. 
1,197. 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
SL 
15.00 
630. 
1,197. 
626106 04.01.16 
(D) As et disposed 
• ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806254
--- PAGE 143 ---
2017 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION REPORT 
- NEXT YEAR CALIFORNIA - NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Af.s..:d 
ND 
Description 
Date 
Acquired 
Method 
Life 
Unadjusted 
Cost Or Basis 
Reduction In 
6,35.* 
Basis For 
Depreciation 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
Amount Of 
Depreciation 
* 
* 
* 
OTHER TOTAL BUILDINGS 
OTHER TOTAL - 
GRAND TOTAL OTHER DEPR 
AMT DEPRECIATION 
ACE DEPRECIATION 
& AMORT 
22,600.10,000. 
3,116,341 
7,281,292 
1,610,402. 
1,810,696. 
, 000 . 
1,842,366. 
12,600. 
3,106,341. 
5,438,926. 
558,901. 
759,191. 
630. 
1,313,581. 
3,255,125. 
159,440. 
159,440. 
1,197. 
202,250. 
249,345. 
48,133. 
48,133. 
628100 04.01-16 
0) Asset disposed 
ITC. Section 179. Salvage. HR 3090. Commercial Revitalization Deduction. GO Zone 
EFTA00806255
--- PAGE 144 ---
CLAXON INC C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
651113 
Schedule K-1 
2016 
(Form 1065) 
For Wife year 2016. or lax 
Department of the Treasury 
yaw beginning 
{ 1 Final K-1 
Li Amended K-1 
0MB No. 1545-0123 
Part III Partner's Share of Current Year Income, 
Deductions, Credits, and Other Items 
Internal Revenue Service 
*riding 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
I 
1,050,186. 
Credits 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
li. See separate instructions. 
Nor minimal estate IncomePOW 
I 
Foreign transactions 
Part I 
Information About the Partnership 
Other net rental income (loss) 
I 
A Partnership's employer identification number 
13-3495607 
Guaranteed payments 
I 
B Partnership's name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Interest income 
I 
6,707. 
6a Ordinary dividends 
I 
Alternative 
A 
min tax (AMT) items 
68. 
Qualified dividends 
I 
C IRS Center where partnership filed return 
E —FILE 
Royalties 
I 
(PTP) 
Tax-exempt 
nondeductible 
C* 
income and 
expenses 
STMT 
D Q 
Check if this is a publicly traded partnershei 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
I 
Part II 
Information About the Partner 
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
I 
E Partners identifying number 
13-3508513 
9b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
I 
Distributions 
A 
945,000. 
F Partners name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
CLAXON INC 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
9c Unrecaptured sec 1250 gain 
Other 
A 
information 
6,707. 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income (loss) 
G LXJ General partner or LLC 
member-manager 
I 
I Limited partner or other LLC 
member 
ii El Domestic partner 
II Foreign partner 
II What type of entity is this partner? CORPORATION 
Section 179 deduction 
27,100. 
If this partner is a retirement plan (IRA/SEP/Keogh/etc.). 
tl Partners share of profit, loss, and capital: 
Beginning 
Profit 
42.0000000% 
check here 
El 
Ending 
42.0000000% 
Other 
A 
deductions 
5,255. 
Loss 
42.0000000% 
42.0000000% 
Capital 
42.0000000% 
. 0000000% 
Self-employment earnings (loss) 
K Partners share of liabilities at year end: 
Nonrecourse  
Qualified nonrecourse financing  
Recourse  
$ 
402,290. 
$ 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
$ 
7,543,181. 
,
g 
u. 
L Partners capital account analysis: 
Beginning capital account  
Capital coMnbuted during the year 
Current year increase (decrease) 
Withdrawals 8 distributions  
Ending capital account  
$ 
492,058. 
$ 
$ 
1,154,322. 
SI 
945,0004(e2 
$ 
701, 380. 
Fl Tax basis 
GAAP 
Q 
Section 704(6) book 
Other (explain) 
gain or loss? 
M Did the partner contribute property with a built-in 
Yes 
El No 
If 'Yes,' attach statement (see instructions) 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
611261 11-10.16 LHA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions for Form 1065 
IRS.govitorm 1065 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 201 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806256
--- PAGE 145 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE K-1 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES, BOX 18, CODE C 
DESCRIPTION 
ASSESSMENTS 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES - 
PASSTHROUGH 
EXCLUDED MEALS AND 
ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES 
PARTNER FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
AMOUNT 
SEE IRS SCH. K-1 INSTRUCTIONS 
NONDEDUCTIBLE PORTION 
182. 
21,268. 
32,234. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, BOX 18, CODE C 
53,684. 
SCHEDULE K-1 
CURRENT YEAR INCREASES (DECREASES) 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
TOTALS 
ORDINARY INCOME (LOSS) 
INTEREST INCOME 
1,050,186. 
6,707. 
SCHEDULE K-1 INCOME SUBTOTAL 
1,056,893. 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
-27,100. 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
-5,255. 
SCHEDULE K-1 DEDUCTIONS SUBTOTAL 
-32,355. 
NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SCHEDULE K-1 
1,024,538. 
AMORTIZATION ON RETURN AND NOT ON BOOKS 
84,442. 
DEPRECIATION ON BOOKS AND NOT ON RETURN 
-23,197. 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
-53,684. 
RENT EXPENSE 
-35,529. 
SALARIES AND WAGES 
137,894. 
STATE / LOCAL DEFERRED INCOME TAX 
-5,460. 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
25,318. 
OTHER INCREASES OR DECREASES SUBTOTAL 
129,784. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, ITEM L 
1,154,322. 
PARTNER NUMBER 1 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806257
--- PAGE 146 ---
Schedule of Activities 
ForcaWciarywyMmorwyearboming 
. 2016, and ending 
flame: NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
For: 
CLAXON INC C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Description 
Activity 
AmityThTibio 
lumomw ftmciyualloci 
Pannwsho 
Type 
Cocio' 
oyetwoon 
GEN. T/B 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PORTFOLIO 
Activity- 
Activity- 
Activity- 
Ordinary business income (loss  
Net rental real e tate income (loss)  
Other net rental income (loss)  
Interest income 
Dividends - Ordinary dividends  
- Qualified dividends  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss)  
Net long-term capital gain (loss)  
- Collectibles (28%) gain (loss)  
- Unrecaptured Section 1250 gain  
Net section 1231 gain (loss)  
Other portfolio income 
Section 1256 contracts and straddles  
Other income  
Section 179 deduction 
Charitable contributions  
Portfolio deductions  
Investment interest expense  
Section 59(e)(2) expenditures  
Other deductions  
Net earnings from self-employment  
Goss farming or fishing income  
Goss nonfarm income  
LIH credit - Section 42(9(5) partnerships  
- Other  
Qualified rehabilitation expenditures related to rental real estate  
Other rental credits  
Credits related to other rental activities 
Recapture of LIH credit - Section 42(9(5) partnerships  
- Other  
Other credits  
Post-1986 depreciation adjustment  
Adjusted gain or loss  
Portion of adjusted gain/loss allocable to short-term gain/loss  
Portion of adjusted gain/loss allocable to long-term gain/loss 
Portion of adjusted gain/loss allocable to section 1231 gaintloss  
Depletion (other than oil and gas)  
Oil, gas and geothermal properties - gross income  
Oil, gas and geothermal properties - deductions 
Other AMT items  
Investment income  
Investment expenses  
992,302. 
57,884. 
92. 
6,615. 
27,100. 
2,744. 
68. 
92. 
6,615. 
' 1 - Single Family/ Residence 
- Land 
- Mutti-Famity Residence 
- Royalties 
- Vacation or Short-Term Rental 
- Self-Rental 
- Commercial 
- Other 
Number: 13-3495607 
13-3508513 
625001 04-01.16 
15.1 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806258
--- PAGE 147 ---
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. C/O NEXT MA 
651113 
Schedule K-1 
2016 
(Form 1065) 
Far wave year 2016. or lax 
Department of the Treasury 
yaw beginning 
{ 1 Final K-1 
Li 
Amended K-1 
OMB No. 1545-0123 
Part III Partner's Share of Current Year Income, 
Deductions, Credits, and Other Items 
Internal Revenue Service 
ending 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
I 
775,137. 
Credits 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
li. See separate instructions. 
Net rentalmol Mate Income POW 
I 
Foreign transactions 
Part I 
Information About the Partnership 
Other net rental income (loss) 
I 
A Partnership's employer identification number 
13-3495607 
Guaranteed payments 
I 
B Partnership's name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Interest income 
I 
4,950. 
6a Ordinary dividends 
I 
Alternative 
A 
min tax (AMT) items 
50. 
Qualified dividends 
I 
C IRS Center where partnership filed return 
E —FILE 
Royalties 
I
(PTP) 
Tax-exempt 
nondeductible 
C* 
income and 
expenses 
STMT 
D Q 
Check if this is a publicly traded partnershei 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
I 
Part II 
Information About the Partner 
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
I 
E Partners identifying number 
13-3501977 
9b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
I 
Distributions 
A 
697,500. 
F Partner's name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
9c Unrecaptured sec 1250 gain 
Other 
A 
information 
4,950. 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income (loss) 
G LXJ General partner or LLC 
member-manager 
I 
I Limited partner or other LLC 
member 
II El Domestic partner 
I
I Foreign partner 
It What type of entity is this partner? CORPORATION 
Section 179 deduction 
20,002. 
If this partner is a retirement plan (IRA,SEP/Keogrtfetc.). 
tl Partners share of profit, loss, and capital: 
Beginning 
Profit 
31.0000000% 
check here 
El 
Ending 
31.0000000% 
Other 
A 
deductions 
3,879. 
Loss 
31.0000000% 
31.0000000% 
Capital 
31.0000000% 
31.0000000% 14 Self-employment earnings (loss) 
K Partners share of liabilities at year end: 
Nonrecourse  
Qualified nonrecourse financing  
Recourse  
$ 
296,929. 
$ 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
$ 
5,567,586. 
2_,
'5 
u. 
L Partners capital account analysis: 
Beginning capital account  
Capital coMnbuted during the year 
Current year increase (decrease) 
Withdrawals 8 distributions  
Ending capital account  
$ 
363,187. 
$ 
$ 
852,000. 
SI 
697,50042 
$ 
517,687. 
Fl Tax basis 
GAAP 
Q 
Section 704(6) book 
Other (explain) 
gain or loss? 
M Did the partner contribute property with a built-in 
Yes 
El  No 
If 'Yes,' attach statement (see instructions) 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
611261 11-10.16 LHA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions for Form 1065 
IRS.govitorm 1065 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 201 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806259
--- PAGE 148 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE K-1 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES, BOX 18, CODE C 
DESCRIPTION 
ASSESSMENTS 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES - 
PASSTHROUGH 
EXCLUDED MEALS AND 
ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES 
PARTNER FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
AMOUNT 
SEE IRS SCH. K-1 INSTRUCTIONS 
NONDEDUCTIBLE PORTION 
135. 
15,697. 
23,791. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, BOX 18, CODE C 
39,623. 
SCHEDULE K-1 
CURRENT YEAR INCREASES (DECREASES) 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
TOTALS 
ORDINARY INCOME (LOSS) 
INTEREST INCOME 
775,137. 
4,950. 
SCHEDULE K-1 INCOME SUBTOTAL 
780,087. 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
-20,002. 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
-3,879. 
SCHEDULE K-1 DEDUCTIONS SUBTOTAL 
-23,881. 
NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SCHEDULE K-1 
756,206. 
AMORTIZATION ON RETURN AND NOT ON BOOKS 
62,327. 
DEPRECIATION ON BOOKS AND NOT ON RETURN 
-17,122. 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
-39,623. 
RENT EXPENSE 
-26,223. 
SALARIES AND WAGES 
101,778. 
STATE / LOCAL DEFERRED INCOME TAX 
-4,030. 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
18,687. 
OTHER INCREASES OR DECREASES SUBTOTAL 
95,794. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, ITEM L 
852,000. 
PARTNER NUMBER 2 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806260
--- PAGE 149 ---
Schedule of Activities 
ForcaWdarywaimortaxyearboming 
. 2016, and ending 
Name: NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
For: 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. C/O NEXT MA 
Description 
Activity 
Amitymallbor 
imomw Purdy Laded 
Pannwsho 
Typo 
Cocio' 
Dgetwoon 
GEN. T/B 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PORTFOLIO 
Activity- 
Activity- 
Activity- 
Ordinary business income (loss  
Net rental real e tate income (loss)  
Other net rental income (loss)  
Interest income 
Dividends - Ordinary dividends  
- Qualified dividends  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss)  
Net long-term capital gain (loss)  
- Collectibles (28%) gain (loss)  
- Unrecaptured Section 1250 gain  
Net section 1231 gain (loss)  
Other portfolio income 
Section 1256 contracts and straddles  
Other income  
Section 179 deduction 
Charitable contributions  
Portfolio deductions  
Investment interest expense  
Section 59(e)(2) expenditures  
Other deductions  
Net earnings from self-employment  
Goss farming or fishing income  
Goss nonfarm income  
LIH credit - Section 42(9(5) partnerships  
- Other  
Qualified rehabilitation expenditures related to rental real estate  
Other rental credits  
Credits related to other rental activities 
Recapture of LIH credit - Section 42(9(5) partnerships  
- Other  
Other credits  
Post-1986 depreciation adjustment  
Adjusted gain or loss  
Portion of adjusted gain/loss allocable to short-term gain/loss  
Portion of adjusted gain/loss allocable to long-term gain/loss 
Portion of adjusted gain/loss allocable to section 1231 gaintloss  
Depletion (other than oil and gas)  
Oil, gas and geothermal properties - gross income  
Oil, gas and geothermal properties - deductions 
Other AMT items  
Investment income  
Investment expenses  
732,414. 
42,723. 
67. 
4,883. 
20,002. 
2,026. 
50. 
67. 
4,883. 
' 1 - Single Family/ Residence 
- Land 
- Mutti-Famity Residence 
- Royalties 
- Vacation or Short-Term Rental 
- Self-Rental 
- Commercial 
- Other 
Number: 13-3495607 
13-3501977 
625001 04-01.16 
17.1 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806261
--- PAGE 150 ---
THE WILCOR GROUP INC. C/O NEXT MANAGE 
651113 
Schedule K-1 
2016 
(Form 1065) 
Far wave year 2016. or lax 
Department of the Treasury 
yaw beginning 
{ 1 Final K-1 
Li Amended K-1 
0MB No. 1545-0123 
Part III Partner's Share of Current Year Income, 
Deductions, Credits, and Other Items 
Internal Revenue Service 
ending 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
I 
675,119. 
Credits 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
Ills• See separate instructions. 
Net rentalmol Mate Income POW 
I 
Foreign transactions 
Part I 
Information About the Partnership 
Other net rental income (loss) 
I 
A Partnership's employer identification number 
13-3495607 
Guaranteed payments 
I 
B Partnership's name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Interest income 
I 
4,311. 
6a Ordinary dividends 
I 
Alternative 
A 
min tax (AMT) items 
43. 
6b Qualified dividends 
I 
C IRS Center where partnership filed return 
E —FILE 
Royalties 
I
(PTP) 
Tax-exempt 
nondeductible 
C* 
income and 
expenses 
STMT 
D Q 
Check if this is a publicly traded partnersh0 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
I 
Part II 
Information About the Partner 
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
I 
E Partners identifying number 
13-3682060 
9b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
I 
Distributions 
A 
607,500. 
F Partners name, address. city, state, and ZIP code 
THE WILCOR GROUP INC. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
9c Unrecaptured sec 1250 gain 
Other 
A 
information 
4,311. 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
I 1 Other income (loss) 
G LXJ General partner or LLC 
member-manager 
I 
I Limited partner or other LLC 
member 
ii El Domestic partner 
II Foreign partner 
II What type of entity is this partner? CORPORATION 
Section 179 deduction 
17,421. 
If this partner is a retirement plan (IRA,SEP/Keogrtfetc.). 
tl Partners share of profit, loss, and capital: 
Beginning 
Profit 
27.0000000% 
check here 
El 
Ending 
27.0000000% 
Other 
A 
deductions 
3,378. 
Loss 
27.0000000% 
27.0000000% 
Capital 
27.0000000% 
27.0000000% 14 Self-employment earnings (loss) 
K Partners share of liabilities at year end: 
Nonrecourse  
Qualified nonrecourse financing  
Recourse  
$ 
258,615. 
$ 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
$ 
4,849,188. 
2_,
'5 
g 
u. 
L Partners capital account analysis: 
Beginning capital account  
Capital coMnbuted during the year 
Current year increase (decrease) 
Withdrawals 8 distributions  
Ending capital account  
$ 
316 , 326. 
$ 
$ 
742,064. 
SI 
607,50042 
$ 
450,890. 
I/ Tax basis 
GAAP 
Q 
Section 704(6) book 
Other (explain) 
gain or loss? 
M Did the partner contribute property with a built-in 
Yes 
lil No 
If 'Yes,' attach statement (see instructions) 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
611261 11-10.16 LHA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions for Form 1065 
IRS.govitorm 1065 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 201 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806262
--- PAGE 151 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE K-1 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES, BOX 18, CODE C 
DESCRIPTION 
ASSESSMENTS 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES - 
PASSTHROUGH 
EXCLUDED MEALS AND 
ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES 
PARTNER FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
AMOUNT 
SEE IRS SCH. K-1 INSTRUCTIONS 
NONDEDUCTIBLE PORTION 
117. 
13,672. 
20,722. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, BOX 18, CODE C 
34,511. 
SCHEDULE K-1 
CURRENT YEAR INCREASES (DECREASES) 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
TOTALS 
ORDINARY INCOME (LOSS) 
INTEREST INCOME 
675,119. 
4,311. 
SCHEDULE K-1 INCOME SUBTOTAL 
679,430. 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
-17,421. 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
-3,378. 
SCHEDULE K-1 DEDUCTIONS SUBTOTAL 
-20,799. 
NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SCHEDULE K-1 
658,631. 
AMORTIZATION ON RETURN AND NOT ON BOOKS 
54,284. 
DEPRECIATION ON BOOKS AND NOT ON RETURN 
-14,912. 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
-34,511. 
RENT EXPENSE 
-22,840. 
SALARIES AND WAGES 
88,646. 
STATE / LOCAL DEFERRED INCOME TAX 
-3,510. 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
16,276. 
OTHER INCREASES OR DECREASES SUBTOTAL 
83,433. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, ITEM L 
742,064. 
PARTNER NUMBER 3 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806263
--- PAGE 152 ---
Schedule of Activities 
ForeaWdaryWalMarlaxygarboWming 
. 2016, and ending 
Name: NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
For: 
THE WILCOR GROUP INC. C/O NEXT MANAGE 
Description 
Activity 
Activity Numb.' 
ICC% Dwoui Publicly !laded 
Pannerahlp 
Typo 
Coda' 
Occ,crotion 
GEN. T/B 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PORTFOLIO 
Activity- 
Activity- 
Activity- 
Ordinary business income (loss  
Net rental real e tate income (loss)  
Other net rental income (loss)  
Interest income 
Dividends - Ordinary dividends  
- Qualified dividends  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss)  
Net long-term capital gain (loss)  
- Collectibles (28%) gain (loss)  
- Unrecaptured Section 1250 gain  
Net section 1231 gain (loss)  
Other portfolio income 
Section 1256 contracts and straddles  
Other income  
Section 179 deduction 
Charitable contributions  
Portfolio deductions  
Investment interest expense  
Section 59(e)(2) expenditures  
Other deductions  
Net earnings from self-employment  
Goss farming or fishing income  
Goss nonfarm income  
LIH credit - Section 42(9(5) partnerships  
- Other  
Qualified rehabilitation expenditures related to rental real estate  
Other rental credits  
Credits related to other rental activities 
Recapture of LIH credit - Section 42(9(5) partnerships  
- Other  
Other credits  
Post-1986 depreciation adjustment  
Adjusted gain or loss  
Portion of adjusted gain/loss allocable to short-term gain/loss  
Portion of adjusted gain/loss allocable to long-term gain/loss 
Portion of adjusted gain/loss allocable to section 1231 gaintloss  
Depletion (other than oil and gas)  
Oil, gas and geothermal properties - gross income  
Oil, gas and geothermal properties - deductions 
Other AMT items  
Investment income  
Investment expenses  
637,908. 
37,211. 
59. 
4,252. 
17,421. 
1,764. 
43. 
59. 
4,252. 
' 1 - Single Family/ Residence 
- Land 
- Mutti-Famity Residence 
- Royalties 
- Vacation or Short-Term Rental 
- Self-Rental 
- Commercial 
- Other 
Number: 13-3495607 
13-3682060 
625001 04-01.16 
19.1 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806264
--- PAGE 153 ---
2016 TAX RETURN FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
CALIFORNIA FORM 568 
FOR THE YEAR ENDING 
DECEMBER 31, 2016 
Prepared for 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Prepared by 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10016-1901 
To be signed and 
dated by 
A MEMBER OF THE LLC 
Amount of tax 
Total tax 
S  
800.00 
Less: payments and credits 
S  
14,000.00
Plus: other amount 
S 
0.00
Plus: interest and penalties 
S 
0.00
OVERPAYMENT 
s 
7,200.00 
Overpayment 
Credited to your estimated tax 
$  
0.00 
Other amount 
$  
0.00 
Refunded to you 
$ 
7,200.00 
Mailtaxretum 
and check (if 
mvilicablOto 
THIS RETURN HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR ELECTRONIC FILING. IF YOU 
WISH TO HAVE IT TRANSMITTED TO THE FTB, PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND 
RETURN FORM 8453-LLC TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL THEN SUBMIT THE 
ELECTRONIC RETURN TO THE FTB. 
Forms to be 
distributed 
to partners 
ENCLOSED ARE COPIES OF SCHEDULE K-1 TO BE DISTRIBUTED TO THE 
MEMBERS. 
Return must be 
mailed on 
or before 
RETURN FORM 8453-LLC TO US BY SEPTEMBER 15, 2017. 
Special 
Instructions 
DO NOT MAIL THE PAPER COPY OF THE RETURN TO THE FTB. 
YOUR ANNUAL TAX PAYMENT AMOUNT OF $800.00 WILL BE 
AUTOMATICALLY WITHDRAWN FROM THE BANK ACCOUNT ENDING IN 0157 
ON OR AFTER SEPTEMBER 12, 2017. REFER TO FORM 568 ON THE 
DIRECT DEPOSIT/DEBIT REPORT FOR COMPLETE ACCOUNT INFORMATION. 
610142 04421.16 
EFTA00806265
--- PAGE 154 ---
022 
Date Accepted 
DO NOT MAIL THIS FORM TO FTB 
TAXABLE YEAR 
California e-file Return Authorization for 
2016 
Limited Liability Companies 
Limited liabady company nom. 
FORM 
8453-LLC 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Part I 
Tax Return Information (whole dollars only) 
"Wifrind nurrta 
13-3495607 
Total income (Form 568, Schedule B, line 12 or Form 568. line 1 for Sngle Member LLCs) 
120,646,862. 00 
Ordinary income (Form 568, Schedule B. line 23 or Form 568. line 1 for Single Member LLCs)  
2,471,234. 00 
Tax and fee due (Form 568. line 13)  
Overpayment (Form 568, line 14) 
7,200. 00 
Total amount due (Form 568. line 18) 
Part II 
Settle Your Account Electronically for Taxable Year 2016. 
1_1 Electronic funds withdrawal 
6a Amount 
6b Withdrawal date (nin/ddiWyy) 
Part III 
Make Annual Tax or Estimated Fee Payment for Taxable Year 2017 This is NOT an installment payment for the current amount the LLC owes. 
Annual Tax Payment 
Estimated Fee Payment 
Amount 
800. 
0. 
Withdrawal date 
09/12/2017 
Part IV 
Banking Information (Have you verified the LIC's banking Information?) 
Routing number  026013576
Account number 1501920157 
Part V 
Declaration of Authorized Member or Manager 
I authorize the limited liability company account to be settled as designated in Parts II, Ill, and IV. If I check Box 6, I authorize an electronic funds withdrawal for the amount 
listed on line 6a and for the 2017 annual tax or estimated fee payment amount listed on line 7 from the account specified in Part IV. 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I am an authorized member or manager of the above limited liability company and that the information I provided to my electronic 
return originator (ERO), transmitter, or intermediate service provider and the amounts in Part I above agree with the amounts on the corresponding lines of the limited 
liability company's 2016 California income tax return. To the best of my knowledge and belief, the limited liability company's return is true, correct, and complete. If the 
limited liability company is filing a balance due return, I understand that if the Franchise Tax Board (FTB) does not receive full and timely payment of the limited liability 
company's tax lability, the limited liability company will remain liable for the tax liability and all applicable interest and penalties. I authorize the limited liability company 
return and accompanying schedules and statements be transmitted to the FTB by my ERO, transmitter, or intermediate service provider. If the processing of the limited 
II ab HIV company's return or refund Is delayed, I authorize the FIB to disclose to my ERO or Intermediate service provider the reason(s) for the delay or the date 
when the refund was sent 
Type of account: M 
Checking 0 Savings 
Sign 
Here 
Signature al aulhordad mamba, or manage. 
Dale 
PRESIDENT OF MEMBER MGR 
Part VI 
Declaration of Electronic Return Originator (ERO) and Paid Preparer. 
I declare that I have reviewed the above limited liability company's return and that the entries on form FTB 8453-LLC are complete and correct to the best of my knowledge. 
(If I am only an intermediate service provider, I understand that I am not responsible for reviewing the limited liability company's return. I declare, however, that form FIB 
8453-LLC accurately reflects the data on the return.) I have obtained the signature from the limited liability company authorized member or manager on form FTB 8453-LLC 
before transmitting this return to the FTB; I have provided the limited liability company authorized member or manager with a copy of all forms and information that I will file 
with the FTB, and I have followed all other requirements described in FTB Pub. 1345,2016 e-file Handbook for Authorized e-file Providers. I will keep form FTB 8453-LLC 
on file for four years from the due date of the return or four years from the date the limited liability company return is filed, whichever is later, and I will make a copy 
available to the FTB upon request If I am also the paid preparer, under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have examined the above limited liability company's return and 
accompanying schedules and statements, and to the best of my knowledge and belief, they are true, correct, and complete. I make this declaration based on all information 
of which I have knowledge. 
Udd% 
F a"
Check 
It 
olsoold
Check
EIRO's PRN 
ERO 
***au+ 
GARY W 
W. PRESS 
109/12/171 
DO 
p 
lewdCl
Must 
Sign 
F" ... naMtg en
°W. 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
FEN 
mill-smiorocil 
end Odeon 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 
wood. 10016-1901 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have examined the above limited liability company's return and accompanying schedules and statements, and to the best of my 
knowledge and belief, they are true, correct, and complete. I make this declaration based on all information of which I have knowledge. 
Paid 
Preparer 
Must 
Sign 
Paid 
prepaw'S 
signalise 
Finn's name (Ge yawn 
aelt.cerployedj 
and (Kahn. 
I date 
Check 
N ea. 
am0101did 
FEN 
Pa. PEOPTIMI. PTIN 
ZIP code 
For Privacy Notice, get FTB 1131 ENGVSP. 
FTB 8453•LW 2016 (REV 03.17) 
639111 03-2447 
EFTA00806266
--- PAGE 155 ---
022 
Date Accepted 
DO NOT MAIL THIS FORM TO THE FIB 
TAXABLE YEAR 
2016 
California Payment for Automatic 
Extension Authorization for Business Entities 
FORM 
8453-BE (PMT) 
Name of business entity (corporation, limited liability company, or partnership) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Identifying number 
13-3495607 
Part I Extension Payment Information for Taxable Year 2016 
Electronic Funds Withdrawal (EFW) Amount  
14,000. 
Withdrawal Date (mmicid/yyyy) 09/12/2017 
Part II 
Banking Information for Electronic Funds Withdrawal 
Routing number 
Account number 
Type of account: Lx_l Checking 
Savings 
Payment Authorization 
I authorize an EFW on the date indicated on line 2 for the amount stated on line 1. The above EFW is to be made from the bank indicated on lines 3, 
4, and 5. This authorization will remain in effect unless I contact the FTB to cancel the request. I request that the payment above be deducted from 
the bank account on the date specified above. If this date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday, the transfer is authorized for the next business 
day. If the FTB cannot deduct the payment from the account because of insufficient funds or because the bank account is closed, the FTB may 
charge a dishonored payment penalty. I will be responsible for any overdraft fees charged by the bank. Under penalties of perjury under the laws of 
the State of California. I declare that I have completed this payment authorization to the best of my knowledge and belief; it is true, correct, and 
complete. 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of 
business entity's 
representative ► 
Title 
Date 
► PRESIDENT OF MEMBER MGR 
Paid Preparer 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have examined the above taxpayer's payment information, and to the best of my knowledge 
and belief, they are true. correct. and complete. I make this declaration based on all information of which I have knowledge. 
Sign 
Here 
Paid preparers 
signature 
► 
Firm's name ► 
PTIN 
Date 
KEEP THIS FORM FOR YOUR RECORDS - DO NOT MAIL TO THE FRANCHISE TAX BOARD (FTB) 
For Privacy Notice, get FTB 1131 ENG/SP. 
629321 11-21.16 
FIB 6453•BE (PMT) (NEW 2016) 
EFTA00806267
--- PAGE 156 ---
Form at bottom of page. 
DO NOT USE THIS FORM TO PAY THE ANNUAL 
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY (LLC) TAX OR THE ESTIMATED LLC FEE. 
WHERE TO FILE: 
Using black or blue ink, make check or money order payable to the 
'Franchise Tax Board? Write the California SOS file number, FEIN, 
and '2016 FTB 353r on the check or inixiey order. Detach form 
below. Enclose, but do not staple. payment with form and mail to: 
FRANCHISE TAX BOARD 
PO BOX 942857 
SACRAMENTO CA 94257-0531 
Make all checks or money orders payable in U.S. dollars and drawn against a U.S. financial institution. 
WHEN TO FILE: 
For LLCs classified as partnerships, the original due date of the return is the 15th day of the 3rd month 
following the close of the taxable year. 
SMLLCs 
• 
For SMLLCs owned by pasathrough entities (S corporations, partnerships. and LLCs classified as 
partnerships), the original due date of the return is the 15th day of the 3rd month following the close 
of the taxable year. 
• 
For all other SMLLCs, the original due date of the return is the 15th day of the 4th month following the 
close of the taxable year of the owner. 
When the due date falls on a weekend or holiday, the deadline to file and pay without penalty is extended 
to the next business day. 
Due to the federal Emancipation Day holiday observed on April 17,2017, tax returns filed and payments 
mailed or submitted on April 18,2017, will be considered timely. 
ONLINE SERVICES: 
Make payments online using Web Pay for Businesses. LLCs can make an 
immediate payment or schedule payments up to a year in advance. For more 
information, go to ftb.ca.gov. 
629011 1208.16 
_ _ _ _ 
DETACH HERE 
IF NO PAYMENT IS ONE. DO NOT MAIL THIS FORM 
TAXABLE YEAR 
Payment for Automatic 
2016 
Extension for LLCs 
DETACH HERE 
CALIFORNIA FORM 
3537 (LLC) 
200506910067 NEXT 13-3495607 
TYB 01-01-2016 
TYE 12-31-2016 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
FORM 0 
Amount of Payment 
14000. 
-0221 
6121166 I 
FTB 3537 2016 Side 1 
■ 
EFTA00806268
--- PAGE 157 ---
TAXABLE YEAR 
2016 
Limited Liability Company 
Return of Income 
■ 
549851 12.15-15 
CALIFORNIA FORM 
568 
200506910067 NEXT 13-3495607 
TYB 01-01-2016 TYE 12-31-2016 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
PBA 
812990 
ACCTMETHOD 2 01-04-1989 ASSETS 
19197540. 
INITIAL 0 FINAL 0 AMENDED 0 
J (1) Curing this taxable year. did another person or legal entity acquire control or majority ownership (more than a 50% 
interest) of this LLC or any legal entity in which the LLC holds a controlling or majority interest that owned California 
real property (i.e., land, buildings), leased such property for a term of 35 years or more, or leased such property from 
a government agency for any term? 
 • El Yes 
(2) During this taxable year. did this LLC acquire control or majority ownership (more than a 50% interest) in another 
legal entity that owned California real property (i.e.. land. buildings), leased such property for a term of 35 years or 
more, or leased such property from a government agency for any term? 
 • El Yes 
(3) During this taxable year. has more than 50% of the LLC's ownership interests cumulatively transferred In one or 
more transactions after an interest in California real property 0.e.. land, buildings) was transferred to it that was 
excluded from property tax reassessment under Revenue and Taxation Code Section 62(a)(2) and it was not 
reported on a previous year's tax return?  
 • El Yes lr 
No 
(Yes requires filing of statement, penalties may apply - see Instructions.) 
a 
to 
o 4
.o 
A 
oo 0 
to 
Complete Schedule IW, LLC Income Worksheet (on Side 7) first to determine Line 1. 
Total income from Schedule IW. Limited Liability Company Income Worksheet. See instructions 
Limited Liability Company fee. See instructions  
2016 annual Limited Liability Company tax. See instructions 
Ncaccnsenting nonresident members' tax liability from Schedule T (Side 4) 
Total tax and fee. Add line 2. line 3. and line 4  
Amount paid with form FTB 3537 and 2016 form FTB 3522 and form FIB 3536 STATEMENT
Overpayment from prior year allowed as a credit  
Withholding (Form 592-B and/or 593)  
Total payments. Add line 6. line 7, and line 8  
Use Tax. This Is not a total line. See instructions 
Payments balance. If line 9 is more than line 10. subtract line 10 from line 9 
Use Tax balance. If line 10 is more than line 9. subtract line 9 from line 10 
M 
No 
M 
No 
Whole dollars only 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
  • 
4,967,002. 00 
6,000. 00 
800. 00 
6,800. 00 
14,000. 00 
14,000. 00 
14,000. 00 
Far Privacy Notice, get FTB 1131 ENG/SP. 
ri
2 
3671164 r 
Form 568 C1 2016 Side 1 
EFTA00806269
--- PAGE 158 ---
629861 12.15.16 
Tax and foe due. If line 5 is more than line 11, subtract line 11 from role 5 
• 
Overpayment. If line 11 is more than line 5, subtract fine 5 from line 11 
• 
Amount of line 14 to be credited to 2017 tax or fee , 
• 
Refund. If the total of line 15 is less than line 14. subtract the total from line 14  
• 16 
Penalties and interest. See instructions  
• 
Total amount due. Add line 12, line 13, tine 15, and line 17, then subtract line 14 from the result  
• 18 
Whole Dollars Only 
7,200. oo 
7,200. 00 
0. 00 
K Enter the maximum number of members in the LLC at any time during the year. For multiple member U_Cs, attach a 
California Schedule K.1 (568) for each of these members  
 • 
L Is this LLC an investment partnership? See General Information O 
 • 0 Yes III No 
M (1) Is this LLC apportioning or allocating income to California using Schedule R?  
 • M 
Yes 
O 
No 
(2) If 'No,' was this LLC registered in California without earning any income sourced in this state during the taxable 
year? 
®Thes 
O 
No 
N Was there a distribution of property or a transfer (for example, by sale or death) of an LLC interest during the taxable 
year? 
 • 0 Yes II No 
P (1) Does the LLC have any foreign (non-U.S.) nonresident members?  
 • O 
Yes X1 No 
(2) Does the LLC have any domestic (non-foreign) nonresident members? 
 • LE Yes 0 No 
(3) Were Form 592, Form 592.A, Form 592-8, and Form 592-F filed for these members?  
 • III Yes X1 No 
O Are any members in this LLC also LLCs or partnerships?  
 • O 
Yes 
No 
R Is this LLC under audit by the IRS or has it been audited in a prior year? 
 • O 
Yes rr 
No 
S Is this LLC a member or partner in another multiple member LLC or partnership?  
 • M 
Yes 0 No 
If 'Yes," complete Schedule EC,. Part I. 
T Is this LLC a publicly traded partnership as defined in IRC Section 469(k)(2)?  
Yes X1 No 
U (1) Is this LLC a business entity disregarded for tax purposes?  
 • ElYes 
X1 No 
V 
W Did this LLC file the Federal Schedule M-3 (federal F011111065)7  
 • LE Yes 
O 
No 
X Is this LLC a direct owner of an entity that filed a federal Schedule M-3? 
 • LE Yes 
O 
No 
Y Does the LLC have a beneficial interest in a trust or is it a grantor of a Trust?  
• Th
es ® No 
If 'Yes; attach schedule of trusts and federal identification numbers. 
Z Does this LLC own an interest in a business entity disregarded for tax purposes?  
 .0 
Yes 
No 
If 'Yes; complete Schedule EO, Part II. 
(continued on Side 3) 
(2) If 'Yes." see instructions and complete Side 1. Side 2. Side 3, Schedule 8, Side 5, and Side 7. if applicable. Are 
there credits or credit carryovers attributable to the disregarded entity?  
• 
Yes 
O 
No 
(3) If 'Yes' to U(1), does the disregarded entity have total income derived from or attributable to California that is less 
than the LLC's total income from all sources?  
Yes 
O 
No 
Has the LLC included a Reportable Transaction, or Listed Transaction within this return? 
(See instructions for definitions). If "Yes,' complete and attach federal Form 8886 for each transaction 
• 
Yes 
No 
Side 2 Form 568 C12016 
022i 
3672164 
I 
EFTA00806270
--- PAGE 159 ---
629671 12.1545 
(continued from Side 2) 
AA Is any member of the LLC related (as defined in IRC Section 267(c)(4)) to any other member of the LLC? 
 • C 
Yes rr 
No 
BB Is any member of the LLC a trust for the benefit of any person related (as defined in IRC Section 267(c)(4)) 
to any other member?  
 • C 
Yes rr 
No 
CC (1) Is the LLC deferring any income from the disposition of assets? (see instructions)  
 • C 
Yes rr 
No 
(2) If 'Yes." enter the year of asset disposition  
DD Is the LLC reporting previously deferred Income front 
(see instructions)  
• C 
Installment Sale 
• O 
IRC §1031 •0 
IRC §1033 •O 
Other 
EE 'Doing business as' name. See instructions: • 
• 
FF (1) Has this LLC operated as another entity type such as a corporation, S corporation, General Partnership. 
Limited Partnership, or Sole Proprietorship in the previous five (5) years?  
 • 0 
Yes rr 
No 
(2) If 'Yes', provide prior FEIN(s) if different, business name(s), and entity type(s) for prior returns 
filed with the FTB and/or IRS (see instructions):  
GG (1) Has this LW previously operated outside California?  
 • M 
Yes 
No 
(2) Is this the first year of doing business in California? ,,,,,, ,,, ,,,,,,,,, ,,, ,,,,,,,,, ,,, ,,,,,,,,, ,,, ,,,,,,,,, ,,, ,,,,,,,,, ,,, ,,, 
• O 
Yes 
M 
No 
Single Member LLC Information and Consent • Complete only if the LLC is disregarded. 
caul II 
• $SN 
Sole Owner's name (as shown on owner's return) 
Street Address, 
City. State, and ZIP Code 
• What type of entity is the ultimate owner of this SMLLC? Check only one box: 
CI (1) Individual 
(2) C Corporation 
(3) PassThrough (S corporation, partnership, 
(4) Estate/Trust 
(5) Exempt Organization 
LLC classified as a partnership) 
FEIN/CA Corp noJCA SOS File no. 
Member's Consent Statement: I consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California to tax my LLC income and 
agree to file returns and pay tax as may be required by the Franchise Tax Board. 
Signature lob 
Date 
Sign 
Here 
Paid 
Preparers 
Use Only 
woo, youi privsy 
How v.v...? ow PA. • 
• 
',dopey notloa. TO requosi this notice by mail. cal 800252.5711. 
Unbar penalties al peNury. I doian that I have examinod this return. including a000mbanYht) SChatbleS and statements, and to the East 01 myknowledge 
and ballet. It 19 true, correct, aid complete. Declaration al prepara (Why than ta*Para/IS based on all Intonation of w IO1 SNOarct Ns any nowlelgo. 
Signa lwo 
autnOrlad 
Date 
member Cr 
manage'
P-
Autroind man 040 of man 
or 9 
eniar adOOSS (q)tiOnalt 
.11.1 vn U.; 
kiwis:. 
,u, N„vna,9n Ital 
I 
. yu ao uo. 
Paid 
preparers 
signature op,. GARY w PRESS 
Firm's name 
(or yours, if 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
self'employed)600 THIRD AVENUE 
and 
address liPb NEW YORK, NY 10016-1901 
May the FIB discuss this return with the preparer shown above (see instructions)?  
Date 
Check if ILI 
9 / 12 / 17 seivemployed • 
Telephone 
• 
PTIN 
FEIN 
-0221 
3673164 
Form 568 C1 2016 Side 3 
EFTA00806271
--- PAGE 160 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
629881 12-15.16 
U 
Schedule A Cost of Goods Sold 
Inventory at beginning of year  
Purchases less cost of items withdrawn for personal use 
Cost of labor  
Additional IRC Section 263A costs. Attach schedule  
Other costs. Attach schedule  
Total. Add line 1 through line 5  
Inventory at end of year  
Cost of goods sold. Subtract line 7 from line 6. Enter here and on Schedule B, line 2 
a Check all methods used for valuing closing inventory: 
(1) 0 
Cost 
(2) 0 Lower of cost or market as described in Treas. Reg. Section 1.471-4 
(3) 0 
Write down of "subnormal' goods as described 
in Treas. Reg. Section 1.471-2(c) 
(4) 0 
Other. Specify method used and attach explanation 
b Check this box if the LIFO inventory method was adopted this taxable year for any goods. If checked, attach federal Form 970 
e Do the rules of IRC Section 263A (with respect to property produced or acquired for resale) apply to the LLC? 
El Yes 0 
No 
d Was there any change (other than for IRC Section 263A purposes) in determining quantities, cost, or valuations between opening 
and closing inventory? If 'Yes: attach explanation  
El Yes El No 
SZetF7.11;13 
Income and Deductions 
Caution: Include only trade or business income and expenses on line la through line 22 below. See the instructions for more information. 
acmssmmosofsews 20,803,273. bLessretumaanomowanoesa 
a Balance 
• 
lc 20,803,273.00 
Cost of goods sold (Schedule A, line 8)  
 ® 
GROSS PROFIT. Subtract line 2 from line is  
 • 
20,803,273. 00 
Total ordinary income from other LLCs, partnerships, and fiduciaries. Attach schedule  
 • 
Total ordinary loss from other LLCs, partnerships, and fiduciaries. Attach schedule  
 • 
§ 
Total farm profit. Attach federal Schedule F (Form 1040)  
 • 
Total farm loss. Attach federal Schedule F (Form 1040)  
 • 
Total gains included on Schedule D-1, Part II, fine 17 (gain only)  
 • 
Total losses included on Schedule 1:1-1, Part II, line 17 (loss only)  
 • 
Other income. Attach schedule  
 • 
Other loss. Attach schedule 
SEE  STATEMENT 2 
 • 
-156,411.00 
Total Income (loss). Combine line 3 through line 11  
 • 
20,646,862. 00 
Deductions 
I 
Salaries and wages (other than to members)  
12,181,179.00 
Guaranteed payments to members  
 o 14 
Bad debts  
 • 
Deductible interest expense not claimed elsewhere on retum  
o 16 
72. 00 
a car
liti norntientreslia. $ 
247,572. b tecirsatr i an Kir
d
n °n $ 
c Balance • 
17c 
247,572. oo 
Depletion. Do not deduct oil and gas depletion  
Retirement plans, etc.  
111,980. 00 
Employee benefit programs  
379,739. 00 
Other deductions. Attach schedule  
SEE  STATEMENT 4 
 • 
5,255,086.00 
Total deductions. Add line 13 through line 21  
 • 
18,175,628. 00 
Ordinary income (loss) from trade or business activities. Subtract line 22 from line 12  
• 
2,471,234.00 
Schedule T 
Nonconsentine Nonresident Members' Tax Liability. Attach additional sheets If necessary. 
WI 
mcnibara name 
WI 
SSN. UN 
Cl FEN 
,i 
Dix51balvo 
<nate 011.1COMO 
kW 
Tax 
rata 
PO 
Mono's total tax 
ate Oa Instracriana) 
Mr unt.illIdd b/ this 
Ll on tas mint., - 
none on Form592-B 
9.9 
1.19mbor9 
not lax an 
Total the amount of tax due. Enter the total he e and on Side 1, line 4. If less than zero enter -0-  
u
■ 
Side 4 Form 568 C 1 2016 
 -022i 
3674164 
r----
EFTA00806272
--- PAGE 161 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
629882 12.I5.I8 
Schedule K 
Members' Shares of Income. Deductions. Credits, etc. 
a 
Distributive share items 
0) 
Amounts) from 
federal K (1065) 
California 
adjustments 
Total amounts using 
Califomia law 
Income (Loss) 
I Ordinary income (loss) from trade or business activities  
• 2,500,442. 
—29,208.V 2,471,234. 
Not income ginste from 'vital real estate activities. Attach SONO Fain 8525 
a Gross income (loss) from other rental activities  
3a 
b Less expenses. Attach schedule  
3b 
C Not Income Pass) torn other rental activlbas. Subtract the 3b from line 3.1 
3c 
• 
Guaranteed payments to members  
• 
Interest income 
15,968. 
32,638. • 
48,606. 
Dividends  
• 
Royalties  
• 
Net short-term capital gain (loss). Attach Schedule D (568)  
• 
Net long-term capital gain (loss). Attach Schedule 0 (568)  
• 
a Total San under IRC Section 1231 (What Man due lo casualty or thott) 
10a 
• 
b Total Lora undo( FIC Section 1231 (other iron due to =wiry or theft) 
10b 
• 
II a Other portfolio income (loss). Attach schedule  
11a 
b Total other income. Attach schedule  
1lb 
c Total other loss. Attach schedule  
11c 
a 
= 
St = 
Expense deduction for recovery property (IRC Section 179). 
Attach schedule  
STMT $ 
64,523. 
-39,523. 
25,000. 
a Charitable contributions. Attach schedule  
STMT $ 
13a 
12,512. 
12,512. 
b Investment interest expense  
13b 
• 
C I Total 'upon:Mures to which IRC Section 59(81 election may apply 
 130 
Type of expenditures 
13c2 
d Deductions related to portfolio income  
13d 
e Other deductions. Attach schedule  
13e 
Credits 
a Withholding on LLC allocated to all members  
15a 
b Low-income housing credit  
15b 
c Credits other than the credit shown on line 15b related to 
rental real estate activities. Attach schedule  
15c 
d Credits related to other rental activities. Attach schedule  
15d 
e Nonconsenting nonresident members' tax paid by LLC 
15e 
f Other credits. Attach schedule  
15f 
• 
Alternative 
Minimum Tax 
(AMT) items 
a Depreciation adjustment on property placed in service after 1986 
17a 
161. 
9,104. 
9,265. 
b Adjusted gain or loss  
17b 
c Depletion (other than oil and gas)  
17c 
d Gross income from oil, gas, and geothermal properties  
1711 
e Deductions allocable to oil, gas, and geothermal properties  
17e 
f Other alternative minimum tax items. Attach schedule  
17f 
Other information 
a Tax-exempt interest income  
18a 
b Other tax-exempt income  
18b 
• 
c Nondeductible expenses ...SEE...S.TATEMENT....6. 
18c 
127,818. 
59,949. 
187,767. 
a Distributions of money (cash and marketable securities)  
19a 
2,250,000. 
2,250,000. 
b Distri3ution of property other than money  
19b 
a Investment income  
20a 
15,968. 
32,638. 
48,606. 
b Investment expenses  
20b 
c Other information. See instructions  
STMT 7 
20c 
To 
Z. 
A
a Total cilseibtnlya income/payment Item. Canting linos 1.2. rid 3c through 
i isFrom the resu lt. subtract the sum of thin 12 Of WO 139 
21a 
2,439,375. 
42,953. • 2,482,328. 
b Analysis of 
(a) 
04Individual 
(c) 
(d) xempt 
(e) 
(1) 
members: 
Corporate 
I. Active 
II. Passive 
Partnership 
Organization 
Nominee/Other 
LLC 
Members 
2,482,328. 
022 
3675164 
Form 566 CI 2016 Side 5 
EFTA00806273
--- PAGE 162 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
629883 12.15.16 
Schedule L Balance Sheets. See the instructions for Schedule L, before completing 
Schedules L, M-1, and M-2. 
Assets 
ti ern nning of taxable year 
and of to able year 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(d) 
Cash  
a Trade notes and accounts recebrable  
b Less allowance for bad debts 
Inventories  
U.S. government obligations  
Tax-exempt securities  
Other current assets. Attach schedule  
Mortgage and real estate loans  
Other investments. Attach schedule  
a Buildings and other depreciable assets 
b Less accumulated depreciation  
a Depletable assets  
b Less accumulated depletion  
Land (net of any amortization)  
a Intangible assets (amortizable only)  
b Less accumulated amortization  
Other assets. Attach schedule  
Total assets 
3,532,783. 
2,895,029. 
9,290,056. 
12,760,240. 
( 
100,000.) 9,190,056. ( 
100,000.) 12,660,240. 
STATEMENT 12 
STATEMENT 13 
• 
159,432. 
• 
235,194. 
83,446. 
• 
224,591. 
4,123,029. 
4,187,551. 
( 3,396,4874) 
726,542.( 3,560,781.)• 
626,770. 
( 
) 
( 
) 
..,.) 
• 
( 
) 
( 
) 
STATEMENT 14 
3,068,607. 
• 2,555,716. 
16,760,866. 
19,197,540. 
Liabilities and Capital 
Accounts payable  
Mortgages, notes, bonds payable in less than 1 year 
Other current liabilities. Attach schedule  
All nonrecourse loans  
Mortgages, notes, bonds payable in 1 year or more 
Other liabilities. Attach schedule  
Members' capital accounts  
Total liabilities and capital 
STATEMENT 15 
STATEMENT 16 
12,182,330. 
*14,451,871. 
• 
1,786,832. 
1,384,748. 
• 
• 
1,620,133. 
• 1,690,964. 
1,171,571. 
• 1,669,957. 
16,760,866. 
19,197,540. 
Schedule MA Reconciliation of Income (Loss) Der Books With Income (Loss) Der Return. Use total amount under California law. S e instructions. 
I Net income (loss) per books  
Income included on Schedule K, line 1 through 
line 11c not recorded on books this year. Itemize • 
Guaranteed payments (other than health insurance) 
Expenses recorded on books this year not included 
on Schedule K, line 1 through line 13e. Itemize: 
a Depreciation  
 $ 55,231. 
b Travel and entertainment $ 76,747. 
c Annual LLC tax  
d Other $TMT 9 
 $148 , 663. 
e TotaL Add line 4a through 4d 
•  
280,641. 8 
Total of line 1 through line 4e 
3,029,027. 9 
2,748,386. 6 om“s2
lineon %Grit s n gtri... ;Tama-
a Tax-exempt interest 
b Other  $TMT 10 $ 60,281 . 
c Total. Add line 6a and line 6b  
Deductions included on Schedule K, Ine 1 
through line 13e not charged against book 
income this year. Itemize: 
a Depreciation  
 $ 
b other  $TMT 11:529,371. 
c Total. Add line 7a and line 7b  
Total. Add line 6c and line 7c  
Income (Ion) (Scedule K. W. 214 
Subtext line 8 Rpm line 5  
281. 
529,371. 
589,652. 
2,439,375. 
Schedule M-2 Analysis of Members' Capital Ac ounts. Use California amoun s. 
Balance at beginning of year  
Capital contributed during year 
a Cash  
b Property  
Net income (loss) per books  
Other increases. Itemize 
• 
1,171,571. 
2,748,386. 
Total of line 1 through line 4  
Distributions: a Cash  
 • 
b Property 
 • 
Other decreases. Itemize 
Total of line 6 and line 7  
Balance at end of year. Subtract line 8 from line 5 
3,919,957. 
2,250,000. 
2,250,000. 
1,669,957. 
Schedule 0 Amounts from Liquidation used to Capitalize a Limited Liability Company. (Complete only if initial retum box is checked on Side 1. Question H.) 
Name of entity liquidated (if more than one, attach a schedule)  
Type of entity: 
O (i) C Corporation 0 
(2) S Corporation U 
(3) Partnership LJ (4) Limited Partnership LJ (5) Sole Proprietor U 
(6) Farmer 
Entity kientilication winos) FEIN  
 SSN or ITIN 
 Corporation 
 CA SOS 
Amount of liquidation gains recognized to capitalize the LLC  
 • 
Side 6 Form 568 C1 2016 
022 
3676164 
I 
• 
EFTA00806274
--- PAGE 163 ---
■ 
629884 12.15-16 
Schedule IW 
Limited Liability Company (LLC) Income Worksheet 
Enter your California income amounts on the worksheet. All amounts entered must be assigned for California law differences. Use only amounts that are from sources 
derived from or attributable to California when completing lines 1-17 of this worksheet if your business is both within and outside of California, see Schedule IW 
instructions to assign the correct amounts to Califomia. If the LLC is wholly within California, the total income amount is assigned to California and is entered beginning 
with line la. If the single member LLC (SMLLC) does not meet the 3 million criteria for filing Schedule B (568) and Schedule K (568), the SMLLC is still required to 
complete Schedule IW. Disregarded entities that do not meet the filing requirements to complete Schedule B or Schedule K should prepare Schedule IW by entering the 
California amounts attributable to the disregarded entity from the members federal Schedule B, C, D, E, F (Form 1040), or additional schedules associated with other 
activities. Do not enter amounts on this worksheet that have already been reported by another LLC to determine its tee. 
See Instructions on page 14 of the Form 568 Booklet for more information on how to complete Schedule IW. 
a Total California income from Form 568, Schedule B, line 3. See instructions  
 * 
4,967,002.00 
b Enter the California cost of goods sold from Form 568, Schedule B, line 2 and 
from federal Schedule F (Form 1040) (plus California adjustments) associated with 
the receipts assigned to Califomia on lines to and 4  
lb 
a If the answer to Question LIM on Form 568 Side 2 is 'Yes', include the gross 
income of this disregarded entity that is not included in lines 1 and 8 through 16 . 
2a 
b Enter the cost of goods sold of disregarded entities associated with the receipts 
assigned to California on line 2a  
2b 
a LLC's distributive share of ordinary income from pass-through entities  
3a 
b Enter the LLC's distributive share of cost of goods sold from other pass-through 
entities associated with the receipt assigned to California on line 3a (see Schedule 
K-ls (565), Table 3, line la) 
3b 
c Enter the LLC's distributive share of deductions from other pass-through entities 
associated with the receipt assigned to California on line 3a (see Schedule K-ls (565), 
Table 3, line lb)  
3c 
Add gross farm income from federal Schedule F (Form 1040). Use California amounts 
Enter the total of other income (not loss) from Form 568, Schedule B, line 10  
5 
Enter the total gains (not losses) from Form 568, Schedule B. line 8  
6 
Add line la through line 6  
California rental real estate 
a Enter the total gross rents from federal Form 8825, line 18a  
8a 
b Enter the total gross rents from all Schedule K-1s (565), Table 3, line 2  
8b 
c Add line 8a and line 8b 
Other California rentals. 
a Enter the amount from Schedule K (568), line 3a 
Sa 
b Enter the amount from all Schedule K-ls (565), Table 3, line 3 
 S ft
c Add lines 9a and 9b  
California interest. Enter the amount from Form 568, Schedule K, line 5  
California dividends. Enter the amount from Form 568, Schedule K, tine 6 
California royalties. Enter the amount from Form 568, Schedule K, line 7 
California capital gains. Enter the capital gains (not losses) included in the amounts from Form 568, Sch. K, lines 8 and 9 
California 1231 gains. Enter the amount of total gains (not losses) from Form 568, Schedule K, line 10a  
Other California portfolio Income (not lots). Enter the amount from Form 568, Schedule K, line 11a 
Other California income (not loss) not included in line 5. Enter the amount from Form 568, Schedule K, line 11b  
Total California Income. Add lines 7, 8c, 9c, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16. Line 17 may not be a negative number 
Enter here and on Form 568, Side 1, Line tit less than zero enter -0-  
®7 
4,967,002. 00 
* 8c 
@ 9c 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
4,967,002. 00 
022i 
3677164 
I 
Form 568 Cl 2016 Side 7 
■ 
EFTA00806275
--- PAGE 164 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
CA 568 
AMOUNT PAID WITH FORMS 3537, 3522, 3536 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
AMOUNT PAID WITH FORM 3537 
AMOUNT PAID WITH FORM 3522 
AMOUNT PAID WITH FORM 3536 
14,000. 
0. 
0. 
TOTAL TO FORM 568, LINE 6 
14,000. 
CA 
OTHER LOSS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
<156,411.> 
TOTAL TO TRADE OR BUSINESS INCOME SCHEDULE, LINE 11 
<156,411.> 
CA 
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
REPORTED 
REPORTED ON 
ELSEWHERE 
PAGE 1 
DEPRECIATION - TRADE OR BUSINESS 
46,519. 
AMORTIZATION - TRADE OR BUSINESS 
201,053. 
TOTAL TO LINES 17B AND 17C 
247,572. 
CA 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ADMINISTRATIVE - OTHER 
125,542. 
ADVERTISING 
76,268. 
BANK CHARGES 
81,145. 
CLEANING SERVICE 
46,123. 
COMMISSIONS EXPENSE 
1,945,477. 
COMPUTER EXPENSE 
56,901. 
CONSULTING FEES 
530,543. 
DUES & SUBSCRIPTIONS 
11,192. 
FILING FEES 
8,815. 
INSURANCE 
127,474. 
MEALS AND ENTERTAINMENT 
76,748. 
STATEMENT(S) 1, 2, 3, 4 
EFTA00806276
--- PAGE 165 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
MODEL EXPENSES 
36,973. 
OFFICE 
147,920. 
OVERHEAD REIMBURSEMENT 
<1,325,013.> 
PAYROLL FEES 
15,273. 
POSTAGE & DELIVERY 
11,747. 
PRINTING EXPENSE 
52,768. 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
331,530. 
SCOUTING EXPENSE 
14,890. 
TELEPHONE EXPENSE 
198,608. 
TRAVEL 
758,595. 
UTILITIES 
31,395. 
RENT 
815,645. 
CA LOCAL BUSINESS TAXES 
19,097. 
FL COMMERCIAL RENT TAX 
1,683. 
NY COMMERCIAL RENT TAX 
22,190. 
PAYROLL TAXES 
617,919. 
CALIFORNIA TAXES - OTHER 
800. 
REPAIRS 
416,838. 
TOTAL TRADE OR BUSINESS OTHER DEDUCTIONS, LINE 21 
5,255,086. 
CA SCHEDULE K 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
TYPE 
AMOUNT 
(50%) 
12,512. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K, LINE 13A 
12,512. 
CA SCHEDULE K 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ASSESSMENTS 
434. 
EXCLUDED MEALS AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES 
76,747. 
STATE AND LOCAL INCOME/FRANCHISE TAXES - NEW YORK 
110,586. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K, LINE 18C 
187,767. 
STATEMENT(S) 4, 5, 6 
EFTA00806277
--- PAGE 166 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
CA SCHEDULE K 
AGGREGATE GROSS RECEIPTS FOR AMT EXCLUSION 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ACTIVITY: PASSTHROUGH 
138,036. 
GROSS SALES LESS RETURNS 
20,803,273. 
INTEREST 
48,606. 
TOTAL 
20,989,915. 
CA SCHEDULE K 
EXPENSE DEDUCTION FOR RECOVERY PROPERTY 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
OTHER DEPRECIATION 
25,000. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K, LINE 12 
25,000. 
SCHEDULE M-1 EXPENSES RECORDED ON BOOKS NOT DEDUCTED IN RETURN STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ASSESSMENTS 
434. 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES FROM PASSTHROUGH 
50,637. 
RENT EXPENSE 
84,592. 
STATE / LOCAL DEFERRED INCOME TAX 
13,000. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE M-1, LINE 4 
148,663. 
SCHEDULE M-1 
INCOME RECORDED ON BOOKS NOT INCLUDED ON RETURN 
STATEMENT 10 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
60,281. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE M-1, LINE 6 
60,281. 
STATEMENT(S) 7, 8, 9, 10 
EFTA00806278
--- PAGE 167 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE M-1 
DEDUCTIONS ON RETURN NOT CHARGED AGAINST BOOKS 
STATEMENT 11 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
SALARIES AND WAGES 
328,318. 
AMORTIZATION 
201,053. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE M-1, LINE 7 
529,371. 
CA SCHEDULE L 
OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
STATEMENT 12 
DESCRIPTION 
PREPAID EXPENSES 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE L, OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
BEGINNING 
END 
OF TAX YEAR 
OF TAX YEAR 
159,432. 
235,194. 
159,432. 
235,194. 
CA SCHEDULE L 
OTHER INVESTMENTS 
STATEMENT 13 
DESCRIPTION 
BEGINNING 
OF TAX YEAR 
END 
OF TAX YEAR 
INVESTMENT IN TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC 
83,446. 
224,591. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE L, OTHER INVESTMENTS 
83,446. 
224,591. 
CA SCHEDULE L 
OTHER ASSETS 
STATEMENT 14 
BEGINNING 
END 
DESCRIPTION 
OF TAX YEAR 
OF TAX YEAR 
DEFERRED TAX ASSET 
64,000. 
51,000. 
DEPOSITS 
43,931. 
41,596. 
DUE FROM AFFLIATES 
1,313,624. 
827,056. 
DUE FROM MODELS 
1,607,052. 
1,596,064. 
RESTRICTED CASH 
40,000. 
40,000. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE L, OTHER ASSETS 
3,068,607. 
2,555,716. 
STATEMENT(S) 11, 12, 13, 14 
EFTA00806279
--- PAGE 168 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
CA SCHEDULE L 
OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
STATEMENT 15 
DESCRIPTION 
BEGINNING 
END 
OF TAX YEAR 
OF TAX YEAR 
ACCRUED EXPENSES 
1,786,832. 
CITY ACCRUED TAX 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE L, OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
1,355,362. 
29,386. 
1,786,832. 
1,384,748. 
CA SCHEDULE L 
OTHER LIABILITIES 
STATEMENT 16 
DESCRIPTION 
ADVANCES FROM AFFLIATES 
DEFERRED RENT - LONG TERM 
DUE TO RELATED PARTY 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE L, OTHER LIABILITIES 
BEGINNING 
END 
OF TAX YEAR 
OF TAX YEAR 
8,342. 
135,009. 
1,476,782. 
8,342. 
222,660. 
1,459,962. 
1,620,133. 
1,690,964. 
STATEMENT(S) 15, 16 
EFTA00806280
--- PAGE 169 ---
2016 
Pass-Through Entity Ownership 
EO (568) 
Name as shown on tax return 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
FEIN 
13-3495607 
California Secretary of State (SOS) file no. 
200506910067 
Part I - Partial Ownership 
List the entitles In which the taxpayer holds ownership of less than 100%. 
Name of Entity 
CA SOS file no. 
FEIN 
CA 
Source 
Income 
See instrs. 
Profit and Loss 
Snaring Percentage. 
See Instructions. 
Profit 
Loss 
• TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, L• 
•20-1354409 • 
*0.8000000•0.8000000 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
rare ii - rim vwnersnip 
ust me oisregaraeo entities in wnicn me taxpayer no us lull ownership el I uvvo. 
Name of Entity 
CA SOS file no. 
FEIN 
CA 
Source 
Income 
See instrs. 
Full Ownership 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
■ 
For Privacy Notice, get FT8 1131 ENG/SP. 
r 
2 
8331164 
I 
Schedule EO (568) 2016 
■ 
EFTA00806281
--- PAGE 170 ---
SCHEDULE M-3 
(Form 1065) 
Depattmeni cil lee Tioar443 
Internal Revenue Service 
Name of partnership 
Net Income (Loss) Reconciliation 
for Certain Partnerships 
►Attach to Form 1065 or Form 1065-B. 
IP. Information about Schedule 14-3 (Form 1065) and its instructions is at www.irs.gov/form 1065. 
OMB No 1545.0123 
2016 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
This Schedule M-3 is being filed because (check all that apply): 
A Lxi The amount of the partnership's total assets at the end of the tax year is equal to $10 million or more. 
M 
The amount of the partnership's adjusted total assets for the year is equal to $10 million or more. If box B is checked, 
enter the amount of adjusted total assets for the tax year  
21,447,540. .
C 
The amount of total receipts for the tax year is equal to $35 million or more. If box Cis checked, enter the total 
receipts for the tax year 
D 0 
An entity that is a reportable entity partner with respect to the partnership owns or is deemed to own an interest of 50 
percent or more in the partnership's capital, profit or loss, on any day during t e tax year of the partnership. 
Employer identification number 
13-3495607 
Name of Reportable Entity Partner 
Identifying Number 
Maximum Percentage Owned or 
Deemed Owned 
E t 
I Voluntary Filer 
Part I 
Financial Information and Net Income (Loss) Reconciliation 
1a Did the partnership file SEC Form 10-K for its income statement period ending with or within this tax year? 
Yes Skip lines lb and lc and complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that SEC Form 10-K. 
W 
No. Go to line lb. See instructions if multiple non-tax-basis income statements are prepared. 
b Did the partnership prepare a certified audited non-tax-basis income statement for that period? 
Yes Skip line lc and complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that income statement. 
W 
No. Go to line lc. 
c Did the partnership prepare a non-tax-basis income statement for that period? 
M 
Yes Complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that income statement. 
No. Skip lines 2 through 3b and enter the partnership's net income (loss) per its books and records on line 4a. 
Enter the income statement period: 
Beginning 0 1/ 01 / 2016 
Ending 12/31/2016 
3a Has the partnership's income statement been restated for the income statement period on line 2? 
I= Yes (If 'Yes,' attach a statement and the amount of each item restated.) 
M 
No. 
b Has the partnership's income statement been restated for any of the five income statement periods immediately preceding the period on line 2? 
Yes (If 'Yes,' attach a statement and the amount of each item restated.) 
M 
No. 
4a Worldwide consolidated net income (loss) from income statement source identified in Part I, line 1 
b Indicate accounting standard used for line 4a (see instructions): 
GMP 
El IFRS 
704(b) 
Tax-basis 
0 
Other (specify)Ob. 
5a Net income from nonincludtle foreign entities (attach statement)  
b Net loss from nonincludible foreign entities (attach statement and enter as a positive amount) 
6a Net income from nonincludtle U.S. entities (attach statement)  
b Net loss from nonincludible U.S. entities (attach statement and enter as a positive amount)  
7a Net income (loss) of other foreign disregarded entities (attach statement)  
b Net income (loss) of other U.S. disregarded entities (attach statement) 
Adjustment to eliminations of transactions between includible entities and nonincludible entities (attach shot)  
Adjustment to reconcile income statement period to tax year (attach statement)  
Other adjustments to reconcile to amount on line 11 (attach statement)  
Net income (loss) per Income statement of the partnership. Combine lines 4a through 10  
Note. Part I, line 11, must equal Pan II, line 26, column (a) or Schedule M-1, line 1 (see instructions . 
Enter the total amount (not just the partnership's share) of the assets and liabilities of all entities included or removed on the following lines: 
4a 
2,748,386. 
6a 
6b 
7a 
( 
_ 11 
a Included on Part I, tine 4 
Removed on Part I, line 5 
c Removed on Part I. line 6 
d Included on Part I. line 7 
Total Assets 
Total Liabilities 
19,197,540.   1
17,527,583. 
2,748,386. 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see the Instructions for your return. 
610991 12.14O8 
JWA 
Schedule M-3 (Form 1065) 2016 
EFTA00806282
--- PAGE 171 ---
TAXABLE YEAR 
2016 
Apportionment and Allocation of Income
■ 
R 
CALIFORNIA SCHEDULE 
Attach this schedule behind your California tax return and prior to the supporting schedules. 
For calendar year 2016 or fiscal year beginning month (mmirld/Wyy) 
01/01/2016. and ending (mmfdrItyyyy) 
Corporation name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Water's-Edge Filers Only: If controlled foreign corporations are included in the combined report, attach form FTB 2416. 
Complete Schedule R (Side 1 and Side 2) and all applicable Schedules (R-1 through R-7). See General Information for Schedule R. 
12/31/2016.
csie,,,Acapoodionwm., 
13-3495607 
a Net income (loss) after state adjustments from Form 100 or Form 100W, Side 2, line 17; Form 100S, Side 2, line 14; 
Form 100X, line 4. Form 565 and Form 568 filers: Enter the total of line 1 through line 11c from Schedule K (565 or 568) 
less the total of line 12 through line 13e from Schedule K (565 or 568) 
b Water's-edge foreign investment interest offset from form FTB 2424, line 17  
e Total. Combine line la and tine lb 
Nonbusiness Income (Loss) from All Sources. See General Information A for definitions and examples. 
Dividends included on line la and not deducted on Form 100, Side 2, tine 11; 
Form 100W, Side 2, lines llafb; or Form 100S, Side 2, lines 9 and 10 
Interest Attach schedule 
Net income (loss) from the rental of property from Schedule R-3, line 3, column (c) 
Royalties. Attach schedule 
Gain (loss) from the sale of assets from Schedule R-4, line 2, column (e) 
Gain (loss) from sale of a nonbusiness interest in a partnership or LLC. Attach sch 
Miscellaneous nonbusiness income (loss). Attach schedule 
Total nonbusiness income (loss). Combine tine 2 through line 8  
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
la 
lb 
lc 
2,482,328. 00 
2,482,328. 00 
• 
Business Income (Loss) before Apportionment (subject to a separate apportionment formula) 
Nonunitary partnership or LLC business income (loss)  
 • 
Income (loss) from a separate trade or business. Attach supplemental Schedule 
•  
Business income (loss) deferred from prior years. See General Information L  
 • 
Capital gain (loss) netting subject to separate apportionment. See Gen Information M • 
Total separately apportionable business income (loss). Combine line 10 through line 13  
Tot business inc (loss) subject to apportionment for this trade or business, subtract the sum of in 9 and in 14 from In lc 
Interest offset from Schedule R-5, line 7 or line 16 (California domiciliaries only)  
Business Income (loss) for this trade or business subject to apportionment Combine line 15 and line 16  
a Apportionment percentage from Schedule R-1, Part A, line 2 or Part B, fine 5  
b Business income (loss) apportioned to California. Multiply line 17 by line 18a  
Nonbusiness Income (Loss) Allocable to California. If no income (loss) is allocable to California, do not complete line 19 
through line 26, enter -0- on line 27 and go to Side 2, line 28. 
Dividends and interest income (if taxpayers commercial domicile is in California): 
a Dividends included in line 2 above  
b Interest included in line 3 above  
Net income (loss) from the rental of property within Califomia from Schedule R-3, line 3, column (b)  
Royalties. Attach schedule 
Gain (loss) from the sale of assets within California from Schedule R-4, ine 2, total of column (b) and column (d). 
Combined reporting groups, see General Information M  
Gain (loss) from sale of a nonbusiness interest in a partnership or LLC. Attach schedule  
Miscellaneous nonbusiness income (loss). Attach schedule 
Total nonbusiness income (loss) allocable to California. Combine line 19a through line 24  
Interest offset from line 16 allocated to income included on line 19a and line 19b (California domiciliary only). 
See General information J  
Net nonbusiness income (loss) allocable to California. Subtract ine 26 from line 25  
• 
g 1 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
18a 
18b 
2,482,328. 00 
2,482,328. 00 
23.8761 % 
592,682. 00 
19a 
19b 
0.00 
■ 
09841/124546 
199 I 
8011164 
I--
Schedule R 2016 Side 1 
■ 
EFTA00806283
--- PAGE 172 ---
Corporation name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
California Business Income (Loss) subject to a separate apportionment formula. 
California business income (loss) from a nonunitary partnership or LLC 
California income (loss) from a separate trade or business. Attach 
supplemental schedule R.  
• 
California business income (loss) deferred from prior yrs. See General Information L • 
Total business income (loss) separately apportioned to California. Combine line 28 through line 30  
 • 
Net Income (Loss) for California Purpose 
Post-apportioned and allocated amounts from capital gain (loss) netting. 
See General Information M  
Net income (loss) for California purposes before contributions adjustment Combine line 18b, 27, 31 and 32  
 • 
592,682. 00 
Contributions adjustment from Schedule R-6, line 15  
• 
Net income (loss) for California purposes. Combine line 33 and line 34. Enter here and on Form 100 or Form 100W, 
Side 2, line 18 or Form 100S, Side 2, line 15 
• 
592,682. 00 
CaltiorNacorpootflonnomeci 
13-3495607 
Complete the applicable 
Schedules R-1 through R-7, 
starting on Side 3. 
639842 
Side 2 Schedule R 2016 
199 I 
8012164 
i2.I5.16 
EFTA00806284
--- PAGE 173 ---
Corporation name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Schedule R-1 Apportionment Formula. 
Part A. Standard Method - Single-Sales Factor Formula. Complete this part only if the corporation uses the single-sales factor formula. 
See General Information G and Specific Instructions 
Total within(a ) 
and outside 
California 
(b) 
Total withinCalifornia 
c) 
Percent within California 
(b) • (a) x 100 
Sales: Gross receipts, less returns, and allowances  
a Sales delivered or shipped to California purchasers 
(i) Shipped from outside California  
(i) Shipped from within California  
b Sales shipped from California to: 
(i) The United States Government 
(i) Purchasers in a state where the taxpayer is not taxable.  
c Total other gross receipts  
CO Sales from services  
(i) Sales or other income from intangibles  
(ii)Sales from rental, leasing or licensing of tangible or real property . 
(iv)Sales from other gross receipts  
d Sales from partnership or LLCs treated as partnerships  
Total sales 
• 
• 
21,743,272. 
• 
5,191,437. 
• 
• 
• 
0. 
• 
• 
• 
21,743,272.• 
5,191,437. 
Apportionment percentage. Divide total sales column (b) by total sales 
column (a) and multiply the result by 100. Enter the result here and on 
Schedule R, Side 1, line 18a. See General Information H 
• 
23.8761% 
Part B Three-Factor Formula. Complete this part only if the corporation uses the three-factor formula. 
Total within and outside 
California 
(I)) 
Total within California 
(a) 
Percent ynthin 
California (b) • (a) x 100 
I 
Property: Use tne ;omega yearly value o1 owned real and tangible personal 
property tad in the business al anginal cost. See General intormellen E. Exclude 
property not comecied with IN) business and tne value or conSbuCtiOn in prowess 
Inventory  
Buildings  
Machinery and equipment (including delivery equipment)  
Furniture and fixtures  
Land  
Other tangible assets. Attach schedule 
Rented property used in the business. See General Information E  
Total property  
• 
• 
• 
% 
Payroll: Use employee wages, salaries, commissions, and other 
compensation related to business income. See General Information F 
Total payroll 
• 
• 
I *
% 
Sales: Gross receipts, less returns, and allowances. See General 
Information G and Specific Instructions  
a Sales delivered or shipped to California purchasers. 
(i) Shipped from outside California  
(ii) Shipped from within California  
b Sales shipped from California to: 
(i) The United States Government 
(ii) Purchasers in a state where the taxpayer is not taxable  
c Total other gross receipts  
Total sales  
Total percent Add the percentages in col (c).  
Apportionment percentage. Divide line 4 by 3 enter the result 
here and on Schedule R. Side 1, line 18a. See General Information H 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
% 
% 
• 
% 
Gaidanra annotation number 
13-3495607 
• 
6.30843 
la.l5.16 
=cri 
8013164 
I 
Schedule R 2016 Side 3 
EFTA00806285
--- PAGE 174 ---
Ccrporat )r r 
Gainer.** eOrlflOrtaXin muter 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
Schedule R-2 Sales and General Questionnaire. 
Attach additional sheets if necessary. 
Describe briefly the nature and location(s) of your California business activities: 
MODELING AGENCY 
State the exact title and principal business activity of all joint ventures, partnerships, or LLCs in which the corporation has an interest  
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC - PUBLIC RELATIONS 
Does the California sales figure on Schedule R-1 (or a comparable schedule in a combined report) include all sales shipped from California where the purchaser is the 
U.S. Govemment? 
Yes M 
No If No," explain. NOT APPLICABLE 
Does the California sales figure on Schedule R-1 (or a comparable schedule in a combined report) include all sales shipped from California to states in which the 
taxpayer is not subject to tax? See General Information G and Specific Instructions. OYes ®No If 'No,' explain. 
NOT APPLICABLE 
Did the taxpayer use reasonable approximation to assign sales under Schedule R-1, Part A, line 1c (i)-(iv)9 • LJ Yes LXJ No 
If 'Yes; provide a brief description.  
Are the nonbusiness items reported on Schedule R, Side 1, line 2 through line 8, and the apportionment factor items reported on Schedule R-1 treated consistently on 
all state tax returns filed by the taxpayer? 
M 
Yes 0 No If 'No,' explain. 
Has this corporation or any member of its combined unitary group changed the way income is apportioned or allocated to California from prior year tax returns? 
See General Information I. 0 Yes M 
No If -Yes; explain. 
Does the California sales figure on Schedule R-1 (or comparable sch in a combined report) include all sales shipped to California destinations? L_Nes 
If 'No,' indicate the name of the selling member and the nature of the sales activity believed to be immune. NOT APPLICABLE 
NOT APPLICABLE 
Does the California sales figure on Schedule R-1 (or comparable schedule in a combined report) include all sales delivered to customers outside California 
which have an ultimate destination in California?C Yes ®No If to; explain. NOT APPLICABLE 
LXJNo 
Schedule R-3 Net Income (Loss) from the Rental of Nonbusiness Property 
I 
Income from rents  
Rental deductions 
faiinromeaosslfromrtnisSalraelMe2bosine1.Eulatienaglasaal 
eitencrirttlirSnlimfrmecowynnINcnSectim20  
(
Total a) 
outside 
California 
(b) 
Total within 
California 
) 
Total outside and 
within California (a) r (b) 
Schedule R-4 
Gain (Loss) from The Sale of Nonbusiness Assets 
California sales of nonbusiness assets include transactions involving (1) real property located in California; (2) tangible personal property, if it had a situs in 
California at the time of sale, or if the corporation is commercially domiciled in California and not taxable in the state where the property had a situs at the time of sale; 
and (3) intangible personal property if the corporation's commercial domicile is in California or the income is otherwise allocable to California. 
Description of properly sold 
Real estate and other tangible assets 
Intangible assets 
Total 
a 
Gain (loss) from 
outside California 
Gain oss) from 
within California 
c 
Gain ( ss) from 
outside California 
Gain loss) from 
within California 
Gal 
e 
ss) 
(a) + (b) •(c) • (d) 
@ 
C) 
® 
Total gain (loss) 
.. 
® 
Enter total gain (loss) line 2, column (e) on Side 1, line 6 and enter total of line 2, column (b) an (d) on Side 1, line 22 
■ 
emu 
Side 4 Schedule R 2016 
frri 
8014164 
01.03.17 
EFTA00806286
--- PAGE 175 ---
629931 11.17-16 
CALIFORNIA FORM 
TAXABLE YEAR 
2016 
Depreciation and Amortization 
U 
3885L 
Name as shown on return 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
cammiasecway isweisosoiktm 
200506910067 
FEIN 
13-3495607 
Assets and intangibles placed in service during the 2016 taxable year: 
Depreciation of assets 
Amortization of property 
Doctspa:sn n• iroptrly 
itil 
Dateer &rood 
in svice 
innissid/YYYV) 
(c) 
Coss a
balls 
ar 
WaW 
Win 
ClopeCtatigon 
Wear 
rage 
M 
Deprociation sc. 
INS year 
KO 
Cocks 
boctiOn 
011 
Poirl0sl 
Or peroentogi 
II) 
Annettrallal I* 
Ole Yee'
195 OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
04/26/2016 
(CA) 
4,927.200DB 
5.00 
0. 
196 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
01/05/2016 
(CA) 
11,130.150DB 
15.00 
0. 
197 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
03/23/2016 
(CA) 
25,305.150DB 
15.00 
818. 
198 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
06/14/2016 
(CA) 
10,561.150DB 
15.00 
528. 
199 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT 
05/28/2016 
(MET) 
12,600.150DB 
15.00 
630. 
Enter line 1, column (f and column (i) totals  
1,976. 
Depreciation 
Be sure to make adjustments for any basis differences when calculating depreciation. 
California depreciation for assets placed in service beginning before the 2016 taxable year 
Total California depreciation. Add line 1(f) and line 2  
Amortization 
Be sure to make adjustments for any basis differences when calculating amortization. 
California amortization for intangibles placed in service beginning before the 2016 taxable year  
Total California amortization. Add line 1(i) and line 4  
Total depreciation and amortization. Add line 3 and line 5. Enter the total here and on Form 568, Schedule B, line 17a, 
if from a trade or business, or on federal Form 8825, line 14, if from rental real estate activities 
IRC Section 179 expense deduction from line 12 of the worksheet in the instructioiSTMT 1.7 7 
Carryover of disallowed deduction to 2017 from line 13 of the worksheet in the instructions 
25,000. 
44,543. 
46,519. 
201,053. 
201,053. 
247,572. 
022i 
7651164 
r 
FTB 3885L 2016 
EFTA00806287
--- PAGE 176 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
CA FORM 3885 IRC SECTION 179 WORKSHEET FOR LINES 7 AND 8 
STATEMENT 17 
MAXIMUM DOLLAR LIMITATION 
TOTAL COST OF IRC 179 PROPERTY PLACED IN SERVICE 
THRESHOLD COST OF IRC 179 PROPERTY PLACED IN SERVICE 
REDUCTION IN LIMITATION. LN 2 - LN 3. 
DOLLAR LIMITATION FOR TAXABLE YEAR. LN 1 - LN 4. 
ELECTED COST OF NONLISTED PROPERTY 
ELECTED COST OF LISTED PROPERTY 
25,000. 
64,523. 
200,000. 
0. 
25,000. 
25,000. 
0. 
TOTAL ELECTED COST OF IRC 179 PROPERTY. LN 6 + LN 7. 
25,000. 
TENTATIVE DEDUCTION. SMALLER OF LN 5 OR LN 8. 
25,000. 
CARRYOVER OF DISALLOWED DEDUCTION FROM PRIOR YEAR 
0. 
INCOME LIMITATION. SMALLER OF LN 5 OR TOB INCOME. 
25,000. 
IRC 179 EXPENSE. LN 9 + LN 10, NOT MORE THAN LN 11 
25,000. 
CARRYOVER OF DISALLOWED DEDUCTION. LN 9 + LN 10 - LN 12. 
0. 
ENTER LINE 12 ON FORM 3885P / 3885L LINE 7 
ENTER LINE 13 ON FORM 3885P / 3885L LINE 8 
STATEMENT(S) 17 
EFTA00806288
--- PAGE 177 ---
CA 
Form 4562 
Department of Ito TroattaY 
interne/ Revalue Service (2) 
Namels) Shown on mum 
Depreciation and Amortization 
(Including Information on Listed Property) 
OTHER 
► Attach to your tax return. 
► Information about Form 4562 and its separate nstruetions is at www.irs.gov/fotm4562. 
litisirtr.s c ao Way 10 Atich this form ceialos 
04AS No. 1545.0172 
2016 
Altachniont 
Sequence No 179 
toontrying number 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
OTHER DEPRECIATION 
13-3495607 
Part I I Election To Expense Certain Property Under Section 179 Note: if you have any listed property. complete Part V before you complete Part I. 
Maximum amount (see instructions) 
Total cost of section 179 property placed in service (see instructions)  
Threshold cost of section 179 property before reduction in limitation 
Reduction in limitation. Subtract Ina 3 from line 2. If zero or less, enter'}  
Dollar Imitation (Or VW year. Subtract Ilno 4 tom line I. N Zere a lea enter -0-. II roamed Inni) 'seaway. Sae InatruCtUrn  
25,000. 
64,523. 
200,000. 
25,000. 
IN0.9crIptIon 01 poverty 
Nl cost IbtOlOSS us. only) 
FlOCtad eWt 
25,000. 
SEE STATEMENT 18 
64,523. 
25,000. 
Listed property. Enter the amount from line 29  
Total elected cost of section 179 property. Add amounts in column (c), 
Tentative deduction. Enter the smaller of line 5 or line 8  
Carryover of disallowed deduction from line 13 of your 2015 Form 4562  
Business income limitation. Enter the smaller of business income (not 
Section 179 expense deduction. Add lines 9 and 10, but don't enter 
Carryover of disallowed deduction to 2017. Add lines 9 and 10. less 
lines 6 and 7  
less than zero) or lie 5  
more than line 11 
25,000. 
25,000. 
25,000. 
line 12 ,,
,,, , 
Note: Don't use Part II or Part III below for listed property. Instead. use Part V. 
I Part II I Special Depreciation Allowance and Other Depreciation (Don't include listed property.) 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified property (other than listed property) placed in service during 
the tax year 
Property subject to section 168(f)(1) election  
Other depreciation (including ACRS) 
25,934. 
I Part III I MACRS Depreciation (Don't include listed property.) (See instructions.) 
Section A 
MACRS deductions for assets placed in service in tax years beginning 
It you era electing to gaup any assets placed Si SWAM Deno the tax yaar nto ono a rncio 
before 2016  
hero .. 
► 
I 
18,609. 
Wend a4.901 accounts. Check 
Section B - Assets Placed In Service During 2016 Tax Year Using the Gene al Depreciation System 
IS Classdicatton Cl proporly 
Ito Mann and 
'JEW Paced
ccusinasonvostmont 
in sintICO 
IC) Bays ICI deprecation 
use 
Only • sae instructions) 
Id) SOCCreny 
IWICon 
(e) Convention It) tiolttcd 
I9I Datt•OCIatIC0 deduction
19a 
Syear property 
b 
5-year property 
c 
7-year property 
d 
10.year property 
e 
15.year property 
39,523. 15 YRS. HY 150DB 
1,976. 
f 
20-year property 
g 
25-year property 
yrs. 
St 
h 
Residential rental property 
/ 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
St 
/ 
27.5 errs. 
MM 
St 
I 
Nonresidential real property 
/ 
yrs. 
MM 
St 
/ 
MM 
St 
Section C - Assets Placed In Service During 2016 Tax Year Using the Alternative Depreciation System 
20a 
Class life 
Sit 
b 
12-year 
yrs. 
Sit 
c 
40.year 
/ 
yrs. 
MM 
Sit 
Part IV I Summary (See instructions.) 
Listed property. Enter amount from line 28  
Total. Add amounts from line 12. lines 14 through 17, Ines 19 and 20 in column (g). and line 21. 
Enter here and on the appropriate lines of your return. Partnerships and S corporations • see instr. 
For assets shown above and placed in service during the current year, enter the 
portion of the basis attributable to section 263A costs 
46,519. 
615251 17-2I-16 LHA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions. 
Form 4562 (2016) 
EFTA00806289
--- PAGE 178 ---
Form 4562 J2016) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 Page 2 
I Part V I Listed Property (Include automobiles, certain other vehicles, certain aircraft, certain computers, and property used for entertainment. 
recreation. or amusement.) 
Note: For any vehicle for which you are using the standard mileage rate or deducting lease expense, complete only 24a, 24b. columns 
(a) through (c) of Section A. all of Section B. and Section C if applicable. 
Section A - Depreciation and Other Information (Caution: See the instructions for limits for passenger automobiles.) 
24a Do you have evidence to s pport the business/investment use claimed? LJ Yes L_I No 24b If 'Yes.' is the evidence written',  L_I Yes Li 
No 
(a) 
Type of property 
(list vehicles first) 
(b) 
Date 
placed in 
service 
(c) 
Business/ 
investment 
use percentage 
(d) 
Cost or
other basis 
(e) 
Baas ion:loemcrauon 
Otoinosstinmatmont 
14B only) 
M 
Recovery 
period
W) 
Convention 
(h) 
Depreciation 
deduction 
M 
Elected 
section 179 
cost 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified listed property placed in service during the tax year and 
used more than 50% in a qualified business use 
Property used more than 50% in a qualified business use: 
Property used 50% or less in a qualified business use: 
S/L • 
S/L • 
Add amounts in column (h), lines 25 through 27. Enter here and on line 21, page 1 
Add amounts in column 
line 26. Enter here and on tine 7. 
29 
Section B - Information on Use of Vehicles 
Complete this section for vehicles used by a sole proprietor. partner, or other "more than 5% owner," or related person. If you provided vehicles 
to your employees, first answer the questions in Section C to see if you meet an exception to completing this section for those vehicles. 
28
Total business/investment miles driven during the 
year (don'tinclude commuting miles)  
(a) 
Vehicle 
(b) 
Vehicle 
(e) 
Vehicle 
(d) 
Vehicle 
(e) 
Vehicle 
M 
\retitle 
Total commuting miles driven during the year  
Total other personal (noncommuting) miles 
driven 
Total miles driven during the year. 
Add Ines 30 through 32 
Was the vehicle available for personal use 
during off•cluty hours?  
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Was the vehicle used primarily by a more 
than 5% owner or related person?  
Is another vehicle available for personal 
use?  
Section C • Questions for Employers Who Provide Vehicles for Use by Their Employees 
Answer these questions to determine if you meet an exception to completing Section B for vehicles used by employees who aren't more than 5% 
owners or related persons. 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits all personal use of vehicles, including commuting, by your 
employees? 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits personal use of vehicles, except commuting, by your 
employees? See the instructions for vehicles used by corporate officers, directors, or 1% or more owners  
Do you treat all use of vehicles by employees as personal use?  
Do you provide more than five vehicles to your employees, obtain information from your employees about 
the use of the vehicles, and retain the information received? 
Do you meet the requirements concerning qualified automobile demonstration use?  
Note: If
 answer to 37, 38, 39, 40, or 41 is 'Yes," don' complete Section B for the covered vehicles 
I Part VI Amortization 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(d) 
(e) 
I) 
(Newtown of coat* 
Dat mulatto° 
Mmanabla 
Coda 
Anonatnn 
AillentlatIOn 
Wits 
amount 
"coon 
WOO of 
ICI !Ns yaw 
Amortization of costs that begins during your 2016 tax year 
OS 
Amortization of costs that began before your 2016 tax year  
Total. Add amounts in column (f). See the instructions for where to report 
201,053. 
201,053. 
616252 12-21.16 
Form 4562 (2016) 
EFTA00806290
--- PAGE 179 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM 4562 
PART I - SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
STATEMENT 18 
(A) 
DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
(C) 
(B) 
ELECTED 
COST 
COST 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (CA) 
4,927. 
4,927. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
11,130. 
11,130. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
25,305. 
8,943. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (CA) 
10,561. 
0. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENT (MET) 
12,600. 
0. 
TOTAL TO FORM 4562, PART I, LINE 6 
64,523. 
25,000. 
STATEMENT(S) 18 
EFTA00806291
--- PAGE 180 ---
CA TOB REC 
RECONCILIATION OF CALIFORNIA ORDINARY 
INCOME TO FEDERAL ORDINARY INCOME 
2016 
NAME 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
EMPLOYER ID 
13-3495607 
DESCRIPTION 
FEDERAL 
CALIFORNIA 
DIFFERENCE 
1A 
GROSS RECEIPT OR SALES  
B 
LESS RETURNS AND ALLOWANCES  
1C BALANCE (LINE IA - 1B)  
COST OF GOODS SOLD AND/OR OPERATIONS  
GROSS PROFIT (LINE IC - 2)  
ORDINARY INCOME (LOSS) FROM OTHER PARTNERSHIPS AND FIDUCIARIES 
NET FARM PROFIT (LOSS) 
NET GAIN (LOSS) FROM FORM 4797 OR FORM D-1  
OTHER INCOME (LOSS) 
TOTAL INCOME (LOSS)(COMBINE LINES 3 THROUGH 7)  
SALARIES AND WAGES  
GUARANTEED PAYMENTS 
REPAIRS  
BAD DEBTS  
RENT  
TAXES  
DEDUCTIBLE INTEREST EXPENSE NOT CLAIMED ELSEWHERE 
DEPRECIATION 
DEPLETION  
RETIREMENT PLANS, ETC  
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PROGRAMS 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS  
TOTAL DEDUCTIONS 
(ADD LINE 9 THROUGH 20)  
ORDINARY INCOME (LOSS) 
(SUBTRACT LINE 21 FROM 8) 
20,803,273. 20,803,273. 
20,803,273. 20,803,273. 
20,803,273. 20,803,273. 
137,818. 
137,818. 
<156,411.> <156,411.> 
20,784,680. 20,646,862. 
137,818. 
12,181,179. 12,181,179. 
416,838. 
416,838. 
815,645. 
815, 45. 
772,275. 
661,689. 
110,586. 
72. 
72. 
44,543. 
247,572. 
<203,029. 
111,980. 
111,980. 
379,739. 
379,739. 
3,561,967. 3,360,914. 
201,053. 
18,284,238. 18,175,628. 
108,610. 
2,500,442. 2,471,234. 
29,208. 
629231 04-01.15 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806292
--- PAGE 181 ---
CA REC 
RECONCILIATION OF CALIFORNIA 
SOURCE AMOUNT 
2016 
NAME 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
EMPLOYER ID 
13-3495607 
DESCRIPTION 
CALIFORNIA 
SCHEDULE K AMOUNT 
NON-CALIFORNIA 
SOURCE AMOUNT 
CALIFORNIA 
SOURCE AMOUNT 
Ordinary Income (loss) from trade or business activities  
Net Income (loss) from rental real estate activities 
Net income (loss) from other rental activities  
Guaranteed payments to partners 
Interest Income 
Dividends  
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss)  
Net long-term capital gain (loss)  
a Total Gain under IRC Section 1231 (other than due to casualty or theft) 
b Total Loss under IRC Section 1231 (other then due to casualty or theft) 
a Other portfolio income (loss)  
b Total other income  
e Total other loss  
Expense deduction for recovery properly (IRC Section 179)  
a Charitable contributions: 
i) 50% Limit  
ii) 30% Limit  
ii) 20% Limit  
b Investment interest expense  
c Section 59(e) expenditures 
d Deductions related to portfolio income  
e Other deductions  
a Depreciation adjustment on property in service after 1986  
b Adjusted gain or (loss)  
c Depletion (other than oil and gas)  
d Gross income from oil, gas, and geothermal properties  
e Deductions allocable to oil, gas, and geothermal properties  
f Other alternative minimum tax items 
a Tax-exempt interest income  
b Other tax-exempt income  
c Nondeductible expenses  
a Investment income  
Investment expenses 
2,471,234. 
1,881,201. 
590,033. 
48,606. 
48,606. 
25,000. 
19,031. 
5,969. 
12,512. 
12,512. 
9,265. 
7,053. 
2,212. 
187,767. 
142,936. 
44,831. 
48,606. 
48,606. 
629241 044)1.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806293
--- PAGE 182 ---
TAXABLE YEAR Member's Share of Income, 
2016 
Deductions, Credits, etc. 
629421 11.23.16 
CALIFORNIA SCHEDULE 
K-1 (568) 
TYB 01-01-2016 TYE 12-31-2016 
13-3508513 
CLAXON INC C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
13-3495607 
200506910067 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
A What type of entity is this member?* 
(1) 0 
Individual 
(4) M 
C Corporation 
(7) 0 
LLP 
(10) 0 
Exempt Organization 
(2) 0 S Corporation 
(8) 0 
General Partnership 
(8) 0 LLC 
(1 1) 0 
Disregarded Entity 
(3) 0 
Estate/Trust 
(6) 0 
Limited Partnership 
(9) 0 
IRA/Keogh/SEP 
B Is this member a foreign member? 
• 
Yes 
M 
No 
C Enter members percentage (without regard to special allocations) of: 
Profit sharing 
Loss sharing 
Ownership of capital 
(I) Before decrease 
or temiinaton 
42.0000 
42.0000 
42.0000 
g• 
g• 
(II) End of year 
42.0000 
42.0000 
42.0000 
Member's share of liabilities: 
Nonrecourse  
• S 
Qualified nonrecourse financing  
• S 
Other  
• S 
E Reportable transaction or tax shelter registration number(s) 
F (1) Check here if this is a publicly traded partnership as defined in IRC Section 469(0(2) 
ci
ci
ci
402,290 
7,543,181 
ci
(2) Check here if this is an investment partnership (R&TC Sections 17955 and 23040.1) 
G Check here if this is: • 
(1) C 
A final Schedule K•1 (568) 
(2) 0 
An amended Schedule K•1 (568) 
H Is this member a resident of California? 
 • 0 
Yes II, M 
No 
® Li 
For Privacy Notice, get FIB 1131 ENG/SP. 
M(  21
7901164 
I 
Schedule K•1 (568) 2016 Side 1 
EFTA00806294
--- PAGE 183 ---
629477 11-23.16 
Members name 
ICLAXON INC C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Members identifying number 
13-3508513 
I Analysis of members capital account: Check the box • (1) al Tax Basis 
(2) 
GAAP (3) 
Section 704(b) Book (4) 
Other (explain) 
l a) 
Caplui account al oo3inning of yam 
RI) 
Capital oconbuiad Outing 21001
lo) 
latintaes abate of one 3. line 4. and 
lino T. Form 568. Schadula M.2 
withcfrawais .1, (1es,...,..n. 
e 
Capital accouni t )at and of year. 
combine column (a) trough Column (dl 
• 
492,058. • 
• 
1,154,322.•( 
945,000.) • 
701,380. 
caution: Hater to member s instructions ror Jcnealie Is-i iota) oetore entemg imormation worn tnis scneatne on your uarromia return. 
(a 
Distributive share items 
(b) 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule Icl 
(1065) 
(c) 
California 
adjustments 
(d) 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and col. (c) 
where applicable 
(e) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
Income (Loss) 
Ordinary Income (loss) from trade 
or business activities  
Net Income (loss) from rental real 
estate activities 
Net Income (loss) from other rental 
activities  
Guaranteed payments to members 
Interest income 
Dividends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
a Total gain under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft) 
b Total loss under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft) 
a Other portfolio income (loss). 
Attach schedule  
b Total other Income 
c Total other loss 
1,050,186. 
-12,268. • 1,037,918. P. 
247,814. 
• 
Po 
® 
• 
ll• 
6,707. 
13,708. • 
20,415. lo. 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
Ilab 
i
e 
. 
Expense deduction for recovery prop. 
(IRC Section 179) 
STMT
a Charitable contributions  STM
b Investment interest expense  
Total expenditures to which an IRC 
Section 59(e) election may apply  
Type of expenditures 
27,100. 
-16,600. 
10,500. 
2,507. 
5,255. 
5,255. 
d Deductions related to portfolio 
income  
e Other deductions  
■ 
Side 2 Schedule KA (568) 2016 
022 
7902164 
I 
■ 
EFTA00806295
--- PAGE 184 ---
62947311.23-16 
Members name 
ICLAXON INC C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Members identifying number 
13-3508513 
(a) 
Distributive share items 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule K.1 
(1065) 
rO
California 
adjustments 
(0 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and col. (c) 
le) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
is 
o 
a Total withholding (equals amount on 
Form 592-8 if calendar year LLC) 
b Low-income housng credit 
c Credits other than line 15b related to 
rental real estate activities  
d Credits related to other rental 
activities 
e Nonconsenting nonresident member% 
tax paid by LLC  
I Other credits • Attach required 
schedules or statements 
AL 
• 
In,
Alternative Minimum Tax 
(AMT) Items 
a Depreciation adjustment on property 
placed in service after 1986  
b Adjusted gain or loss  
c Depletion (other than oil & gas) 
d Gross income from oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties  
e Deductions allocable to oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties  
I Other alternative minimum tax 
items 
68. 
3,824. (i.., 
3,892. 0 
929. 
lanteTTAINO 
litre:, 
a Tax-exempt interest income  
b Other tax-exempt income  
c Nondeductible expenses 
. . . STMT 
53,684. 
25,178. 
78,862. 
18,829. 
tr., 
z 
P 
L, 
a 
a Distributions of money (cash and 
marketable securities)  
b Distributions of property other than money 
945,000. 
(!) 
945,000. 
® 
S 
la 
5E 
O S 
c 
a Investment income  
b Investment expenses  
e Other information. See instructions 
6,707. 
13,708. 
20,415. 
■ 
022 
7903164 
I 
Schedule K 1 (568) 2016 Side 3 
EFTA00806296
--- PAGE 185 ---
629424 11-n.16 
Members name 
ICLAXON INC C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Members Identifying number 
13-3508513 
Other Member Information 
Table 1 Member's share of nonbusiness income from intangibles (source of income is dependent on residence or commercial domicile of 
the member): 
Interest 
$ 
Dividends $ 
Sec. 1231 Gainsiosses $ 
Royalties 
Capital Gains/Losses $ 
Other 
FOR USE 8Y MEMBERS ONLY • See instructions. 
Table 2 Member's share of distributive items. 
A. Members share of the LLC's business income. See instructions. $ 
B. Member's share of nonbusiness income from real and tangible personal property sourced or allocable to California. 
Capital Gains/Losses $ 
Sec. 1231 GainstLosses $ 
Rents/Royalties $ 
Other 
C. Member's distributive share of the LLC's property, payroll, and sales: 
Factors 
Total within and outside California 
Property: Beginning  
Property: Ending  
Property: Annual rent expense , , 
Payroll 
Sales  
Total within California 
■ 
Side 4 Schedule K•1 (568)2016 
022 
7904164 
EFTA00806297
--- PAGE 186 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
CA SOURCE 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS - 50 PERCENT LIMIT 
5,255. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 13A 
5,255. 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
EXPENSE DEDUCTION FOR RECOVERY PROPERTY 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
IRC SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
10,500. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 12 
10,500. 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
COLUMN C RECONCILIATION 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ORDINARY INCOME (LOSS) 
INTEREST INCOME 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
AMORTIZATION ON RETURN AND NOT ON BOOKS 
DEPRECIATION ON BOOKS AND NOT ON RETURN 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
RENT EXPENSE 
SALARIES AND WAGES 
STATE / LOCAL DEFERRED INCOME TAX 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
1,050,186. 
6,707. 
<27,100.> 
<5,255.> 
84,442. 
<23,197.> 
<53,684.> 
<35,529.> 
137,894. 
<5,460.> 
25,318. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1 ANALYSIS OF CAPITAL ACCOUNT, COLUMN C 
1,154,322. 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ASSESSMENTS 
182. 
EXCLUDED MEALS AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES 
32,234. 
STATE INCOME/FRANCHISE TAXES 
46,446. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 18C 
78,862. 
PARTNER NUMBER 1 
EFTA00806298
--- PAGE 187 ---
TAXABLE YEAR Member's Share of Income, 
2016 
Deductions, Credits, etc. 
■ 
629421 11.23.16 
CALIFORNIA SCHEDULE 
K-1 (568) 
TYB 01-01-2016 TYE 12-31-2016 
13-3501977 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
13-3495607 
200506910067 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
A What type of entity is this member?* 
(1) 0 
Individual 
(4) 0 
C Corporation 
(7) 0 
LLP 
(10) 0 
Exempt Organization 
(2) MI S Corporation 
(6) 0 
General Partnership 
(8) 0 LLC 
(11) 0 
Disregarded Entity 
(3) 0 
Estate/Trust 
(6) 0 
Limited Partnership 
(9) 0 
IRA/Keogh/SEP 
B Is this member a foreign member?  
• El Yes 
M 
No 
C Enter members percentage (without regard to special allocations) of: 
Profit sharing 
Loss sharing 
Ownership of capital 
Member's share of liabilities: 
Nonrecourse  
Qualified nonrecourse financing 
Other 
(I) Before decrease 
or temiinaton 
31.0000 
31.0000 
31.0000 
(II) End of year 
31.0000 
31.0000 
31.0000 
E Reportable transaction or tax shelter registration number(s) 
F (1) Check here if this is a publicly traded partnership as defined in IRC Section 469(0(2) 
(2) Check here if this is an investment partnership (R&TC Sections 17955 and 23040.1) 
G Check here if this is: • 
(1) l= A final Schedule K•1 (568) 
(2) 0 
An amended Schedule K•1 (568) 
H Is this member a resident of California? 
 • El Yes II, M 
No 
• S 
• S 
• S 
296,929 00 
5,567,586 
® 
For Privacy Notice, get FIB 1131 ENG/SP. 
M(  21
7901164 
I 
Schedule K•1 (568) 2016 Side 1 
EFTA00806299
--- PAGE 188 ---
62947? 11.23.16 
Members name 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. C/O NEXT MA 
Members identifying number 
13-3501977 
I Analysis of members capital account: Check the box • (1) LxJ Tax Basis 
(2) 0 
GAAP (3) 
Section 704(b) Book (4) 
Other (explain) 
( a) 
Donning of yaw 
Cadtd account al 
(b) 
Capital ocotibutaci Outing Mar 
(c) 
Morctia'S share of Ina 3. pro 4, and 
lino T, Form 568. Scheoldo M.2 
withcfrawais Naes,...,..n. 
e ) 
cammamoun( newayom. 
combine column (a) through titan (di 
• 
363,187. • 
• 
852,000.0( 
697,500.) • 
517,687. 
caution: Hater to member s instructions ror Jcnealle Is-i iota) oetore entemg imormation worn tots scneatne on your uarromia return. 
(a 
Distributive share items 
(b) 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule Icl 
(1065) 
(c) 
California 
adjustments 
(d) 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and col. (c) 
where applicable 
(e) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
Income (Loss) 
Ordinary income (loss) from trade 
or business activities  
Net income (loss) from rental real 
estate activities  
Net income (loss) from other rental 
activities  
Guaranteed payments to members 
Interest income 
Dividends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
a Total gain under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft) 
b Total loss under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft) 
a Other portfolio income (loss). 
Attach schedule  
b Total other income 
c Total other loss 
775,137. 
-9,054. • 
766,083. II. 
182,910. 
• 
la,
® 
• 
ll• 
4,950. 
10,117. • 
15,067. Illi. 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
i
e 
O 
. 
Expense deduction for recovery prop. 
(IRC Section 179) 
STMT
a Charitable contributions  STMT
b Investment interest expense  
Total expenditures to which an IRC 
Section 59(e) election may apply  
Type of expenditures 
20,002. 
-12,252. 
7,750. 
1,850. 
3,879. 
3,879. 
d Deductions related to portfolio 
income  
e Other deductions  
■ 
Side 2 Schedule K 1 (568) 2016 
022 
7902164 
I 
■ 
EFTA00806300
--- PAGE 189 ---
62947311.23-16 
Members name 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. C/O NEXT MA 
Members identifying number 
13-3501977 
(a) 
Distributive share items 
b) 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule K.1 
(1065) 
rO
California 
adjustments 
(0 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and col. (c) 
le) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
is 
o 
a Total withholding (equals amount on 
Form 592-8 if calendar year LLC) 
b Low-income housing credit 
c Credits other than line 15b related to 
rental real estate activities  
d Credits related to other rental 
activities 
e Nonconsenting nonresident member% 
tax paid by LLC  
I Other credits • Attach required 
schedules or statements 
AL 
• 
In,
Alternative Minimum Tax 
(AMT) Items 
a Depreciation adjustment on property 
placed in service after 1986  
b Adjusted gain or loss  
c Depletion (other than oil & gas) 
d Gross income from oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties  
e Deductions allocable to oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties  
I Other alternative minimum tax 
items 
50. 
2,822. • 
2,872. • 
686. 
lanteTTAINO 
litre:, 
a Tax-exempt interest income  
b Other tax-exempt income  
c Nondeductible expenses 
. . . STMT 
39,623. 
18,585. 
58,208. 
13,898. 
tr., 
z 
L, 
a 
a Distributions of money (cash and 
marketable securities)  
b Distributions of property other than money 
697,500. 
Q0 
697,500. 
® 
S 
la 
5£ 
Os 
c 
a Investment income  
b Investment expenses  
e Other information. See instructions 
4,950. 
10,117. 
067. 
STMT 
■ 
022 
7903164 
I 
Schedule K 1 (568) 2016 Side 3 
EFTA00806301
--- PAGE 190 ---
629424 11-n.16 
Members name 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. C/O NEXT MA 
Members Identifying number 
13-3501977 
Other Member Information 
Table 1 Member's share of nonbusiness income from intangibles (source of income is dependent on residence or commercial domicile of 
the member): 
Interest 
$ 
Dividends $ 
Sec. 1231 Gainsiosses $ 
Royalties 
Capital Gains/Losses $ 
Other 
FOR USE 8Y MEMBERS ONLY • See instructions. 
Table 2 Member's share of distributive items. 
A. Members share of the LLC's business income. See instructions. $ 
B. Member's share of nonbusiness income from real and tangible personal property sourced or allocable to California. 
Capital Gains/Losses $ 
Sec. 1231 GainstLosses $ 
Rents/Royalties $ 
Other 
C. Member's distributive share of the LLC's property, payroll, and sales: 
Factors 
Total within and outside California 
Property: Beginning  
Property: Ending  
Property: Annual rent expense , , 
Payroll 
Sales  
Total within California 
■ 
Side 4 Schedule K•1 (568)2016 
022 
7904164 
EFTA00806302
--- PAGE 191 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
CA SOURCE 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS - 50 PERCENT LIMIT 
3,879. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 13A 
3,879. 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
EXPENSE DEDUCTION FOR RECOVERY PROPERTY 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
IRC SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
7,750. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 12 
7,750. 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
COLUMN C RECONCILIATION 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ORDINARY INCOME (LOSS) 
INTEREST INCOME 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
AMORTIZATION ON RETURN AND NOT ON BOOKS 
DEPRECIATION ON BOOKS AND NOT ON RETURN 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
RENT EXPENSE 
SALARIES AND WAGES 
STATE / LOCAL DEFERRED INCOME TAX 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
775,137. 
4,950. 
<20,002.> 
<3,879.> 
62,327. 
<17,122.> 
<39,623.> 
<26,223.> 
101,778. 
<4,030.> 
18,687. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1 ANALYSIS OF CAPITAL ACCOUNT, COLUMN C 
852,000. 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ASSESSMENTS 
135. 
EXCLUDED MEALS AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES 
23,791. 
STATE INCOME/FRANCHISE TAXES 
34,282. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 18C 
58,208. 
PARTNER NUMBER 2 
EFTA00806303
--- PAGE 192 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
AGGREGATE GROSS RECEIPTS FOR AMT EXCLUSION 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
GROSS SALES LESS RETURNS 
INTEREST 
6,830,554. 
15,067. 
TOTAL 
6,845,621. 
PARTNER NUMBER 2 
EFTA00806304
--- PAGE 193 ---
TAXABLE YEAR Member's Share of Income, 
2016 
Deductions, Credits, etc. 
629421 11.23.16 
CALIFORNIA SCHEDULE 
K-1 (568) 
TYB 01-01-2016 TYE 12-31-2016 
13-3682060 
THE WILCOR GROUP 
WATTS STREET 
INC C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
13-3495607 
200506910067 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
A What type of entity is this member?* 
(1) 0 
Individual 
(4) 0 
C Corporation 
(7) 0 
LLP 
(10) 0 
Exempt Organization 
(2) MI S Corporation 
(6) 0 
General Partnership 
(8) 0 LLC 
(11) 0 
Disregarded Entity 
(3) 0 
Estate/Trust 
(6) 0 
Limited Partnership 
(9) 0 
IRA/Keogh/SEP 
B Is this member a foreign member?  
• El Yes 
M 
No 
C Enter members percentage (without regard to special allocations) of: 
Profit sharing 
Loss sharing 
Ownership of capital 
(I) Before decrease 
or termination 
27.0000 
27.0000 
27.0000 
(II) End of year 
27.0000 
27.0000 
27.0000 
Members share of liabilities: 
Nonrecourse  
• S 
Qualified nonrecourse financing  
• S 
Other  
• S 
E Reportable transaction or tax shelter registration number(s) 
F (1) Check here if this is a publicly traded partnership as defined in IRC Section 469(0(2) 
258,615 
4,849,188 
(2) Check here if this is an investment partnership (R&TC Sections 17955 and 23040.1) 
G Check here if this is: • 
(1) l= A final Schedule K•1 (568) 
(2) 0 
An amended Schedule K•1 (568) 
H Is this member a resident of California? 
 • El Yes II, M 
No 
® Li 
For Privacy Notice, get FIB 1131 ENG/SP. 
M(  21
7901164 
I 
Schedule KA (568) 2016 Side 1 
EFTA00806305
--- PAGE 194 ---
629477 11-23.16 
Members name 
WILCOR GROUP INC. C/O NEXT MANAGE 
Member's identifying number 
13-3682060 
I Analysis of members capital account: Check the box • (1) LxJ Tax Basis 
(2) Li GAAP (3) 
Section 704(b) Book (4) 
Other (explain) 
( a) 
CapaiiamoumiddrOmingamm 
Capital dentributad during you
la) 
mentor's inn of lino 3.11noo 4. and 
lino T. Form 568. Schodulo M.2 
WMckaroatail•WWWm 
(e 
Capital account at ondoryear. 
40102146 damn Oa through column (dl 
• 
316,326. • 
• 
742,064.0( 
607,500.) • 
450,890. 
caution: Hater to member s instructions ror Jcnearle Is-i iota, oetore entemg imormation worn tnis scneatne on your uarromia return. 
(a 
Distributive share items 
(b) 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule K.1 
(1065) 
(c) 
California 
adjustments 
(d) 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and col. (c) 
where applicable 
(e) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
Income (Loss) 
Ordinary income (loss) from trade 
or business activities  
Net income (loss) from rental real 
estate activities 
Net income (loss) from other rental 
activities  
Guaranteed payments to members 
Interest income 
Dividends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
a Total gain under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft) 
b Total loss under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft) 
a Other portfolio income (loss). 
Attach schedule  
b Total other income 
c Total other loss 
675,119. 
-7,886. • 
667,233. 1. 
159,309. 
• 
leo 
• 
leo 
4,311. 
8,813. • 
13,124. 1. 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
• 
ll• 
i
e 
. 
Expense deduction for recovery prop. 
(IRC Section 179) 
STMT
a Charitable contributions  STMT
b Investment interest expense  
Total expenditures to which an IRC 
Section 59(e) election may apply  
Type of expenditures 
17,421. 
-10,671. 
6,750. 
1,612. 
3,378. 
3,378. 
d Deductions related to portfolio 
income  
e Other deductions  
■ 
Side 2 Schedule K 1 (568) 2016 
022 
7902164 
I 
■ 
EFTA00806306
--- PAGE 195 ---
62947311.23-16 
Members name 
WILCOR GROUP INC. C/O NEXT MANAGE 
Member's identifying number 
13-3682060 
(a) 
Distributive share items 
b) 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule K.1 
(1065) 
rO
California 
adjustments 
(0 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and col. (c) 
le) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
is 
o 
a Total withholding (equals amount on 
Form 592-8 if calendar year LLC) 
b Low-income housing credit 
c Credits other than line 15b related to 
rental real estate activities  
d Credits related to other rental 
activities 
e Nonconsenting nonresident member% 
tax paid by LLC  
f Other credits • Attach required 
schedules or statements 
AL 
• 
lb,
Alternative Minimum Tax 
(AMT) Items 
a Depreciation adjustment on property 
placed in service after 1986  
b Adjusted gain or loss  
c Depletion (other than oil & gas) 
d Gross income from oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties  
e Deductions allocable to oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties  
I Other alternative minimum tax 
items 
43. 
2,458. L 
2,501. 0 
597. 
lanteTTAINO 
litre:, 
a Tax-exempt interest income  
b Other tax-exempt income  
c Nondeductible expenses 
. . . STMT 
34,511. 
16,186. 
50,697. 
12,104. 
tr., 
z 
P 
L, 
a 
a Distributions of money (cash and 
marketable securities)  
b Distributions of property other than money 
607,500. 
(t) 
607,500. 
® 
S 
la 
5E 
O s 
c 
a Investment income  
b Investment expenses  
e Other information. See instructions 
4,311. 
8,813. 
13,124. 
STMT 
■ 
022 
7903164 
I 
schedule K 1 (568) 2016 Side 3 
EFTA00806307
--- PAGE 196 ---
629424 11-23 16 
Members name 
WILCOR GROUP INC. C/O NEXT MANAGE 
Member's Identifying number 
13-3682060 
Other Member Information 
Table 1 Member's share of nonbusiness income from intangibles (source of income is dependent on residence or commercial domicile of 
the member): 
Interest 
$ 
Dividends $ 
Sec. 1231 Gainsiosses $ 
Royalties 
Capital Gains/Losses $ 
Other 
FOR USE 8Y MEMBERS ONLY • See instructions. 
Table 2 Member's share of distributive items. 
A. Members share of the LLC's business income. See instructions. $ 
B. Member's share of nonbusiness income from real and tangible personal property sourced or allocable to California. 
Capital Gains/Losses $ 
Sec. 1231 GainstLosses $ 
Rents/Royalties $ 
Other 
C. Member's distributive share of the LLC's property, payroll, and sales: 
Factors 
Total within and outside California 
Property: Beginning  
Property: Ending  
Property: Annual rent expense , , 
Payroll 
Sales  
Total within California 
■ 
Side 4 Schedule K•1 (568)2016 
022 
7904164 
EFTA00806308
--- PAGE 197 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
CA SOURCE 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS - 50 PERCENT LIMIT 
3,378. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 13A 
3,378. 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
EXPENSE DEDUCTION FOR RECOVERY PROPERTY 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
IRC SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
6,750. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 12 
6,750. 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
COLUMN C RECONCILIATION 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ORDINARY INCOME (LOSS) 
INTEREST INCOME 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
AMORTIZATION ON RETURN AND NOT ON BOOKS 
DEPRECIATION ON BOOKS AND NOT ON RETURN 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
RENT EXPENSE 
SALARIES AND WAGES 
STATE / LOCAL DEFERRED INCOME TAX 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
675,119. 
4,311. 
<17,421.> 
<3,378.> 
54,284. 
<14,912.> 
<34,511.> 
<22,840.> 
88,646. 
<3,510.> 
16,276. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1 ANALYSIS OF CAPITAL ACCOUNT, COLUMN C 
742,064. 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ASSESSMENTS 
117. 
EXCLUDED MEALS AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES 
20,722. 
STATE INCOME/FRANCHISE TAXES 
29,858. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 18C 
50,697. 
PARTNER NUMBER 3 
EFTA00806309
--- PAGE 198 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
CA SCHEDULE K-1 
AGGREGATE GROSS RECEIPTS FOR AMT EXCLUSION 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
GROSS SALES LESS RETURNS 
INTEREST 
5,949,187. 
13,124. 
TOTAL 
5,962,311. 
PARTNER NUMBER 3 
EFTA00806310
--- PAGE 199 ---
2016 TAX RETURN FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
FLORIDA FORM F-1065 
FOR THE YEAR ENDING 
DECEMBER 31, 2016 
Prepared for 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 
10013 
Prepared by 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10016-1901 
To be signed and 
dated by 
A MEMBER OF THE LLC 
Amount of tax 
Total tax 
S 
0.00
Less: payments and credits 
S 
0.00
Plus: other amount 
S 
0.00
Plus: interest and penalties 
S 
0.00
NO PMT REQUIRED s 
Overpayment 
Credited to your estimated tax 
$ 
0.00
Other amount 
$ 
0.00
Refunded to you 
$ 
0.00
Mail tax return 
and check (if 
applicable) to 
FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE 
5050 W. TENNESSEE STREET 
TALLAHASSEE, FL 
32399-0135 
Forms to be 
distributed 
to partners 
ENCLOSED ARE COPIES OF SCHEDULE K-1 
PARTNERS. 
TO BE DISTRIBUTED TO THE 
Return must be 
mailed on 
or before 
OCTOBER 2, 2017 
Special 
Instructions 
610142 04.01.16 
EFTA00806311
--- PAGE 200 ---
Florida Tentative Income / Franchise Tax Return 
1019 
and Application for Extension of Time to File Return 
F-7004 
Information for Filing Florida Form F-7004 
When to file -File this application on or before the original due date of 
the taxpayer's corporate income tax or partnership return. Do not file 
before the end of the tax year. 
To file online go to 
Penalties for failure to pay tax - If you are required to pay tax with 
this application, failure to pay will void any extension of tine and 
subject the taxpayer to penalties and interest for failure to file a timely 
retum(s) and pay all taxes due. There is also a penalty for a late-filed 
return when no tax is due. 
Signature -A person authorized by the taxpayer must sign Florida Form 
F-7004. They must be (a) an officer or partner of the taxpayer, (b) a 
person currently enrolled to practice before the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS), or (c) an attorney or Certified Public Accountant 
qualified to practice before the IRS under Public Law 89-332. 
The Florida Form F-7004 must be filed -To receive an extension of time to file 
your Florida return, Florida Form F-7004 must be timely filed, even if you have 
already filed a federal extension request. A federal extension by itself does not 
extend the time to file a Florida return. 
An extension for Florida tax purposes may be granted, even though 
no federal extension was wanted. See Rule 12C-1.0222, FAC., for 
information on the requirements that must be met for your request 
for an extension of time to be valid. 
R. 01/17 
Rule 120.1.051 
Fierkla Actolnestrallv9 Code 
Effoctive 01/15 
A. If applicable, state the reason you need the extension: 
F-7004 
R. 01/17 
B. Type of federal return filed: PARTNERSHIP ( 1065 ) 
Contact person for questions: 
Telephone number: 
Milffir 
Extension of Time Request 
Florida Income/Franchise
Tax Due 
1. Tentative amount of Florida tax for the taxable year 
1. 
2. LESS: Estimated tax payments for the taxable year 
2. 
3. Balance due - You must pay 100% of the tax tent- 
Lively determined due with this extension request 
3. 
Transfer the amount on Line 3 to Tentative tax due . 
Make chedts payable and mail to: 
FLORIDA DEPARTMENT CF REVENUE, 5050 W TENNESSEE STREET. TALLAHASSEE FL 32399-0135 
644961 
Florida Tentative income / Franchise Tax Return 
1019 
10.06-16 
and Application for Extension of Time to File Return 
F-7004 
FEIN 
13-3495607 
R. 01/15 
Name NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Taxable Year End  12/31/16
Address 15 WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
FILING STATUS Partnership 
X 
Corporation 
City/State/ZIP NEW YORK 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have been authorized by the above 
and belief the statements herein are true and correct 
Sign Here: 
named 
NY 10013 
Tentative Tax 
taxpayer to make this application, that to 
Date: 
Due 
the best 
All other federal returns to be filed 
$ 
Mil 
of my knowledge 
133495607 
20161231 
009 
8733 0 20161231 0002005030 
3133'495607 0000 7 
EFTA00806312
--- PAGE 201 ---
Florida Partnership Information Return 
For the taxable year 
beginning JAN 
2 0 1 6 and ending DEC 3 1 . 2 0 1 6 
1019 
F-1065 
R. 01/16 
Rule 12C-1.051 
Florida Administrative Code 
Effective 01/16 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Name of Partnership 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
Street Address 
NEW YORK 
City 
- 
DI CI CI © 
Federal Employer Identification Number (FEIN) 
El El DI M CI CI 
Principal Business Activity Code 
NY 10013 
State 
ZIP 
Part I. 
Florida Adjustment to Partnership Income 
A. Additions to federal income: 
1. Federal tax-exempt interest 
Total interest excluded from federal ordinary income 
Less associated expenses not deductible in 
computing federal ordinary income 
I 
) 
Net Interest 
2. Stale income taxes deducted in computing federal Of *nary InCanse 
STATEMENT 1 
110,586.00 
3. Other additions 
Total A. 
110,586.00 
8. Subtractions from federal income 
B. 
15,399.00 
C. Subtotal (Line A less Line B) 
C. 
95,187.00 
D. Net adjustment from other partnerships or joint ventures 
D. 
E. Partnership income adjustment 
1. Increase (total of Lines C and D) 
El. 
95,187.00 
2. Decrease (total of Lines C and D) 
2.( 
) 
Part II. 
Distribution of Partnership Income Adjustment 
Partners name and address (Include FEIN) 
Note: If there is no adjustment on Line E. show partner's percentage 
of profits in Column (b) and leave Columns (a) and (c) blank. 
(a) 
Amount shown 
on Line E. 
Part I. above 
(b) 
Partner's 
percentage 
of profits 
(c) 
Ccr
n:ra?str=2
)=
Enter here and dine lorlda Pam 
F-1120. Schedule I. Line 19 
St tbacreasse. Schedule II, Line In 
A 
13-3508513 
CLAXON INC 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
95,187.00 42.0000000 
39,978.00 
8. 
13-3501977 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
95,187.00 31.0000000 
29,509.00 
C. 
13-3682060 
THE WILCOR GROUP INC. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
95,187.00 27.0000000 
25,700.00 
Under paelte0 c, perjury. I &cave Mal I have examined this rettem, including accompanyeng schedules and statements, and to the best of my knowledgeand ballet. It is
true. correct. and complete. Decimation of peepers. (other Man taxpayer)* based on all Information of which prepares has any knowledge 
Sign Here 
Sigatureolgomwormember 
pausiboaricnomisiglakiro 
Data 
Paid 
Preparer 
Only 
kyohomeo 
Signalwe 
GARY W. PRESS 
Dam 0 9 / 1 2 / 1 7 
chock 9 sew 
NRWOPIRWIDWOIMWTTM 
P 0 0192851 
wnotrwed 
Hm $ WWW you. 
OsellAIMIWA 
andaddem 
h, SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
FEIN lie 
3 - 3 0 5 0 3 1 3 
r NEW YORK, NY 
n' Ph 10016-1901 
Mail To: Florida Department of Revenue, 5050 W. Tennessee St., Tallahassee FL 32399-0135 
644261 01-20. T 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806313
--- PAGE 202 ---
III 
III 
III 
III 
I III 
I 11111 
I III 
I III 
III 
II 
NOTE: Please read instructions (Florida Form F-1065N) before completing the schedules below. 
1019 
F-1065 
R.01/16 
Page 2 
Part III. 
Apportionment Information 
IIla For use by partnerships doing business both within 
without Florida 
(a) Within Florida 
(b) Total Everywhere
and 
t 
Average value of ',welly per Schedule uc 
(Line ti) 
1,570,178.00 12,400,790.00 
2. Salaries, wages, commissions, and other compensation paid or accrued in 
connection with Wade or business for the period covered by this mtum 
976,440.00 12,234,940.00 
Sales 
1,891,925.00 21,743,272.00 
Ill-B. For use by partnerships providing transportation 
within and without Florida 
(a) Within Florida 
(bObtal Everywhere
services 
t 
Transportation services revenue miles (see instructions) 
III-C. For use in computing average 
value of property 
Within Florida 
Total Everywhere 
a. Beginning of Year 
b. End of Year 
c. Beginning of Year 
d. End of Year 
t 
Inventories of raw material, work 
in process, inithedi goods 
2. Buildings and other depreciable 
asseth (ea odOIW co,s0 
655,970.00 
327,985.00 3,460,620.00 1,718,113.00 
3. Land owned (at original cost) 
4. Other tangible assets (at original cost) 
and intangible assets (financial 
organizations only). Attach schedule. 
146,432.00 
146,432.00 2,485,837.00 2,564,433.00 
S. Total (Lhes 1 through 4 
802,402.00 
474,417.00 5,946,457.00 4,282,546.00 
Along. valor of popery in Maatta 0YMb Florida). 
odd One 5. Column); Nand (o)and &Ada by 2. 
For average yak* of mealy rroanotturte (Total 
Eyarmelweg add MP 5. GoltraoS (c)and (di and 
MAO. by 2. 
638,410.00 
5,114,502.00 
7. Rented property . 
(8 times net annual rent) 
931,768.00 
7,286,288.00 
8. Total (Lines 6 and 7). Enter on 
Part Illa, Linen, Columns (a) and (b) 
1,570,178.00 
12,400,790.00 
Average Florida 
Average Everywhere 
Part IV. 
Apportionment of Partners Share 
SEE SCHEDULES K-1 ATTACHED 
Partner (Name and Address) 
Percent of 
Interest In 
Partner• 
ship 
Property Data 
Payroll Data 
Sales Data 
Within 
Florida 
Everywhere
Within 
Florida
Everywhere
Within 
Florida 
Everywhere 
A. 
8. 
C. 
NOTE: Transfer data to Schedule III-A, Florida Form F-1120 
644271 02-05.1T 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806314
--- PAGE 203 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
FL F-1065 
SUBTRACTIONS FROM FEDERAL INCOME 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ALLOWABLE BONUS DEPRECIATION FROM 2015 
15,399.00 
TOTAL TO FORM F-1065, PART I, LINE B 
15,399.00 
STATEMENT(S) 1 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806315
--- PAGE 204 ---
FLORIDA 
SCHEDULE K-1 
EQUIVALENT 
FORM F-1065 
Partner's Florida Information 
For Calendar Year 2016 or Fiscal Year 
Beginning 
. 2016; and Ending 
2016 
Partners Name. Address a d ZIP Code 
CLAXON INC 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Partner Number 
Partner's Identifying Number 
13-3508513 
Amended Schedule K-1 C 
Final Schedule K-1 EJ
Partnership's Name. Address and ZIP Code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Partnership's Identifying Number 
13-3495607 
Partner's Percentage of: 
PrOtandLoss 42.0000000% 
Florida Adjustment to Partnership Income 
Total interest excluded from federal ordinary income  
Less associated expenses  
Net interest  
State income taxes deducted from federal ordinary income  
46,446.00
Other additions 
Total other additions 
Total Additions to Federal Income  
46,446.00 
Other subtractions 
ALLOWABLE BONUS DEPRECIATION FROM 2015 
6,468.00 
Total Subtractions  
6,468.00 
Total Subtractions from Federal Income  
Net adjustment from other partnerships or ventures  
Partnership Income Adjustment  
Partners share of Apportionment Information 
1. Average properly value per Schedule III-C 
2. Salaries, wages, commissions and compensation  
a Sales 
4. Transportation services revenue miles  
6,468.00 
39,978.00 
Within Florida 
Total verwhere 
659,475.00 5,208,332.00 
410,105.00 5,138,675.00 
794,609.00 9,132,174.00 
644201 04-01-16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT1 0 4 
EFTA00806316
--- PAGE 205 ---
FLORIDA 
SCHEDULE K-1 
EQUIVALENT 
FORM F-1065 
Partner's Florida Information 
For Calendar Year 2016 or Fiscal Year 
Beginning 
. 2016; and Ending 
2016 
PartnersName.AddmssadZIPCoth 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Partner Number 
Partners Identifying Number 
13-3501977 
Amended Schedule K-1 C 
Final Schedule K-1 EJ
Partnership's Name. Address and ZIP Code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Partnership's Identifying Number 
13-3495607 
Partners Percentage of: 
Profit and Loss 31.0000000% 
Florida Adjustment to Partnership Income 
Total interest excluded from federal ordinary income  
Less associated expenses  
Net interest  
State income taxes deducted from federal ordinary income  
34,282.00
Other additions 
Total other additions 
Total Additions to Federal Income  
34,282.00 
Other subtractions 
ALLOWABLE BONUS DEPRECIATION FROM 2015 
4,773.00 
Total Subtractions  
4,773.00 
Total Subtractions from Federal Income  
4,773.00 
Net adjustment from other partnerships or ventures  
Partnership Income Adjustment  
Partners share of Apportionment Information 
1. Average property value per Schedule III-C 
2. Salaries, wages, commissions and compensation  
a Sales 
4. Transportation services revenue miles  
29,509.00 
Within Florida 
Total verMere 
486,755.00 3,844,245.00 
[_ 
302,696.00 3,792,831.00 
586,496.00 6,740,415.00 
644201 04-01-16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806317
--- PAGE 206 ---
FLORIDA 
Partner's Florida Information 
SCHEDULE K-1 
EQUIVALENT 
For Calendar Year 2016 or Fiscal Year 
2016 
FORM F-1065 
Beginning 
. 2016; and Ending 
Partners Name. Address a d ZIP Code 
THE WILCOR GROUP INC. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Partner Number 
Partners Identifying Number 
13-3682060 
Amended Schedule K-1 C 
Final Schedule K-1 EJ
Partnership's Name. Address and ZIP Code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Partnership's Identifying Number 
13-3495607 
Partners Percentage of: 
ProtitandLoss 27.0000000% 
Florida Adjustment to Partnership Income 
Total interest excluded from federal ordinary income  
Less associated expenses  
Net interest  
State income taxes deducted from federal ordinary income  
29,858.00
Other additions 
Total other additions 
Total Additions to Federal Income  
29,858.00 
Other subtractions 
ALLOWABLE BONUS DEPRECIATION FROM 2015 
4,158.00 
Total Subtractions  
4,158.00 
Total Subtractions from Federal Income  
4,158.00 
Net adjustment from other partnerships or ventures  
Partnership Income Adjustment  
Partners share of Apportionment Information 
1. Average properly value per Schedule III-C 
2. Salaries, wages, commissions and compensation  
a Sales 
4. Transportation services revenue miles  
25,700.00 
Within Florida 
Total verwhere 
423,948.00 3,348,213.00 
[_ 
263,639.00 3,303,434.00 
510,820.00 5,870,683.00 
644201 04-01-16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806318
--- PAGE 207 ---
2016 TAX RETURN FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
NEW YORK FORM IT-204 
FOR THE YEAR ENDING 
DECEMBER 31, 2016 
Prepared for 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Prepared by 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10016-1901 
To be signed and 
dated by 
A MEMBER OF THE LLC 
Amount of tax 
Total tax 
S 
0.00
Less: payments and credits 
S 
0.00
Plus: other amount 
S  
0.00 
Plus: interest and penalties 
S  
0.00 
NO PMT REQUIRED  
Overpayment 
Credited to your estimated tax 
$ 
0.00
Other amount 
$ 
0.00
Refunded to you 
$ 
0.00
Mailtaxreum 
and check (if 
mvilicablOto 
THIS RETURN HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR ELECTRONIC FILING. IF YOU 
WISH TO HAVE IT TRANSMITTED TO THE NYSDTF, PLEASE SIGN, DATE 
AND RETURN FORM TR-579-PT TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL THEN SUBMIT 
THE ELECTRONIC RETURN TO THE NYSDTF. 
Forms to be 
distributed 
to partners 
ENCLOSED ARE COPIES OF SCHEDULE K-1 TO BE DISTRIBUTED TO THE 
MEMBERS. 
Return must be 
mailed on 
or before 
RETURN FORM TR-579-PT TO US BY SEPTEMBER 15, 2017. 
Special 
Instructions 
DO NOT MAIL THE PAPER COPY OF THE RETURN TO THE NYSDTF. 
610142 04.01.16 
EFTA00806319
--- PAGE 208 ---
ero
NEW 
YORK
2016 
- 
Department of Taxation and Finance 
New York State E-File Signature Authorization for 
Tax Year 2016 for Forms IT-204 and IT-204-LL 
Electronic return originator (ERO): Do not mail this form to the Tax Department. Keep it for your records. 
Partnership name: NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Return type (mark an X to Indicate which form you are Oiling): 
X 
IT•204 
Purpose 
Form TR•579.PT must be completed to authorize an ERO to efile 
Form 11%204, Partnership Return, or Form I120441, Partnership, 
Limited Liability Company, and Limited Liability Partnership Filing 
Fee Payment Form. For the purposes of this form, all three forms 
of business entities will be referred to hereinafter as a partnership. 
General Instructions 
Part A must be completed by an authorized member or general 
partner before the ERO transmits the electronically filed Form 
IT•204 or I120411. 
EROs must complete Part B prior to transmitting an electronically 
filed Form IT•204 or IT•204•LL 
I1204•LL 
686.375 11.04-16 
Both the paid preparer and the ERO are required to sign Part B. 
However, if an individual performs as both the paid preparer and the 
ERO. he or she is only required to sign as the paid preparer. It is not 
necessary to include the ERO signature in this case. Note that 
an alternative signature can be used as described in Publication 58, 
information for income Tax Return Preparers Go to our website at 
www.tax.ny.gov to view this document. 
Do not mall Form TR-579-PT to the Tax Department. EROs must 
keep this form for three years and present it to the Tax Department 
upon request. 
This form is not required for electronically filed Form IT-370-PF, 
Application for Automatic Extension of Time to File for Partnerships 
and Fiduciaries. 
Financial institution information for Form IT-204-LL filers(musr be Present d electronic Payment is authaffred) 
Amount owed on return 
 1.  
Financial institution routing number  
 2.  
Financial institution account number  
 3.  
Account type: D 
Personal checking D Personal savings D Business checking 
Business savings 
Part A - Declaration of authorized member or general partner and authorizations for Form IT-204 or IT-204-LL 
Under penalty of perjury, I declare that I have examined the information on this 2016 New York State electronic partnership return, including any 
accompanying schedules, attachments, and statements, and certify that this electronic return is true, correct, and complete. The ERO has my 
consent to send this 2016 New York State electronic partnership return to New York State through the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). I understand 
that by executing this Form TR•579PT, I am authorizing the ERO to sign and fie this return on behalf of the partnership and agree that the ERO's 
submission of the partnership's return to the IRS, together with this authorization, will serve as the electronic signature for the return and any 
authorized payment transaction. If I am paying my New York State partnership fees due by electronic funds withdrawal, I certify that the account 
holder has authorized the New York State Tax Department and its designated fnancial agents to initiate an electronic funds withdrawal from the 
financial institution account indicated on this 2016 electronic return, and authorized the financial institution to withdraw the amount from that 
account. As New York does not support International ACH Transactions (IAT), I attest the source for these funds is within the United States. I 
understand and agree that I may revoke this authorization for payment only by contacting the Tax Department no later than five (5) business days 
prior to the payment date. 
Signature of authorized member or general partner. 
Print your name and title:FAITH KATES 
Date: 
PRESIDENT OF MEMBER MGR 
Part B - Declaration of ERO and paid preparer 
Under penalty of perjury, I declare that the information contained in this 2016 New York State electronic partnership return is the information 
furnished to me by the partnership. If the partnership furnished me a completed paper 2016 New York State partnership return signed by a 
paid preparer, I declare that the information contained in the partnership's 2016 New York State electronic partnership tax return is identical 
to that contained in the paper return. If I am the paid preparer. under penalty of perjury I declare that I have examined this 2016 New York 
State electronic partnership tax return. and. to the best of my knowledge and belief, the return is true, correct, and complete. I have based 
this declaration on all information available to me. 
ERO's signature: 
Print name: 
Paid preparers signature: 
Print name: GARY W. PRESS 
Date:  09-12-17 
Date:  0 9 - 1 2 - 17 
TR-579-PT (12/16) 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
1019 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806320
--- PAGE 209 ---
ri
NEW 
YORK 
, STATE 
2016NA----
Department of Taxation and Finance 
Application for Automatic Extension of Time to 
File for Partnerships and Fiduciaries (with instructions) 
656551 '0.3116 
IT-370-P F 
Instructions 
New for 2016 
Partnerships -The filing deadline for partnership returns is moving from 
the fifteenth day of the fourth month to the fifteenth day of the third month 
following the close of the partnership year (now March 15 for calendar-year 
filers instead of April 15). Form IT-370-PF now automatically extends the due 
date for partnerships filing Form IT-204, Partnership Return, for six months 
instead of live. Since large electing partnerships are already allowed an auto-
matic six-month extension, they no longer need to enter a special condition 
code when filing Form IT-370-PF. 
Estates and trusts -While the tiling deadline has not change) torn the Mena day 
of the bath month (April 15 for colander-yaw Mar* Fain IT-370.PF now automatically 
wands Ma duo date to fling Fan IT-205. Fiduciary Income Tax Return, 
tor five and one-half months instead orlon.. 
General information 
Purpose - File Form IT-370-PF on or before the due date of the return to 
get an automatic extension of time to file Form IT-204 or IT-205. 
Note: We no longer accept a copy of the federal extension form in place of 
Form IT-370-PF. 
If you have to file Form Y-206, Yonkers Nonresident Fkluckvy Earnings 
Tax Return, the time to file is automatically extended when you file 
Form IT-370-PF. For more information on who is required to file Farm Y-206, 
see the instructions for the form. 
You may Ma Fain IT-204 a Fare IT-205 any time tette the extension paled ends. An 
ettooltIon of emit to file Fenn IT-204 a IT-205 
not extend the time for tiling New Yoe 
State income tax returns of patters 01 h pannorsh* a the bentrtlawies Ot an estate Cr Mist. 
When to file Fie a completed RinnIT-370-PF on
 the tang deadlne fa tie 
return tationsico applicatensIllad after the fling Macaw for the ream we Mira* 
*weeny. the tiling deadline 
• Partnerships - the fifteenth day of the third month following the close of 
your tax year (for calendar-year filers, March 15, 2017) 
• Estates and trusts -the fifteenth day of the fourth month following the 
close of your tax year (for calendar-year filers, April 18, 2017). 
However, you may file Form IT-370-PF on or before June 15, 2017, if you are 
a nonresident alien estate or trust and you qualify to file your federal and 
New York State income tax returns on June 15,2017. See Special condition 
codes on page 2. 
How to file . Garcia. a separate Form IT•3TO-PF for each partrowthip (including lintel 
liability companan(1164). limited lability irroalment 00mPanroia 3116.1. and limited liability 
trust companan (LLTCs) treated as parifesehip* each 'rated liability part unship and 
each estate a trust for 
which you we fallosting an extension of Ilma to 11th. Fan 11.205 fliers • Fam 
IT-3TO-FP mina be tiled with payment tor any tax owed on a before the duo data 
the return (see the worksheet instructions on page 2) 
Penalties 
Estates and trusts late payment penalty- If an estate or trust does not 
pay the income tax liability when due (determined with regard to any valid 
extension of time to pay), it will have to pay a penalty of 1/2 of 1% of the 
unpaid amount for each month a part of a month it is not paid, up to a 
maximum of 25%. The penalty will not be charged if reasonable cause for 
paying late can be shown. This penalty is in addition to the interest charged 
for late payments. 
Reasonable cause will be presumed with respect to the addition to tax for late 
payment of income tax if the requirement relating to extensions of time to file 
have been complied with, the balance due shown on the income tax return, 
reduced by any sales or use tax that is owed, is no greater than 10% of the 
total New York State, New York City, and Yonkers tax shown on the income 
lax retum, and the balance due shown on the income tax return is paid with 
the return. 
Estates and trusts late filing penalty- if you do not file Form IT-205 when 
due (determined with regard to any extension of time to file), or if you do not 
file Form IT-370-PF on time and obtain an extension of time to file, you will 
have to pay a penalty of 5% of the income tax due for each month, or part of 
a month, the return is late up to a maximum of 25%. 
Hoe... It the hewn Is not filed WSW 60 days of the time Prinaltiod for Ming a return 
(Including exam:Pon* this penalty will not be less than the lesser of 3100 or 100% of 
the amount reciulart to to shown as Mane Mat ate on the rave reduced by any 
income tax pad aid by any credit that may be calmed. the penally will not be charged 
it reasonable caul* for tiling late IS Shwa. 
Partnerships -A partnership that is required tone Sown IT-204 and: (fifer to tile 
that return on time. Including any exionsion a time. Of (2) tiles o return that IS incomplete 
and tails to show the efonnation rested under When 659(0), al hate to Pay a 
penalty. nsa penally will be insPOSOJ fa each month a part a a month. up to a 
Maximum 015 months. the the *aura continuos The mount of the penalty for each 
month will be calculated by multiplying MD by the total number or partners in the 
fianriertiblP Outing any pan or the pertnershiP5 tax yew who were also subject to 
New York personal income tax during any pan of the tax par the penalty wfl not 
be cheroot, ire/namable came for tiling late is shown. 
Interest- miaow will be charged on any income tax a eel* Cr use tax that is not paid 
on a NSWe the cafe dole 01 your return, oven fi you ie.:awed an extension ot time to file 
your tenon. Mimi 'sachem. for the use ol money and In most cases may not be waived. 
Interest is compounded daily and the rate Is adpsted Otaleily. 
V Detaeh (cut) here • 
Do not submit with your return. 
2016 
Department of Taxation and Finance 
NEW 
YORK Application for Automatic Extension of 
STATE Time to File for Partnerships and Fiduciaries 
Mark an X n one box for the form you will be fang: 
Ron tr.20.4 
Form IT-205 
IT-370-P F 
Paid 
Partnership, estate a trust ID number flab 
133495607 
Data 'Waal year beano 
01012016 
Dam lisou der end. 
12312016 
Name of pailnershIp. atate, a trust 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Namur and title ed *Watt 
Mailing address( u on am am or la0 hog of pednershp or tidle ay 
Apartment number 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
tAy. village a post once moo metuctiona 
-Mato 
NEW YORK 
NY 
re coda 
10013 
E. matt. 
eparer9 Mark an X in the box and c 
ete 
Enter your 2-character special condition code 
if applicable (see nstructions) 
• 
Mark an X in the box for each tax that the estate a bust is subject to: 
New York Male tax K 
New York City lax LI
Yonkers tax D 
Cent. 
Sales and use tax 
Total payment  
Dollars 
3711161019 
133495607 
11111111111111
11111111111111 
EFTA00806321
--- PAGE 210 ---
IT-370-PF (2016) (page 2) 
663552 10-31-16 
Instructions (continued) 
Fee for payments returned by banks - The law allows the Tax Department to charge 
a $50 fee when a check, money order, or electronic payment is returned by a bank for 
nonpayment. However, if an electronic payment is returned as a result of an error by 
the bank or the department, the department won't charge the fee. If your payment is 
returned, we will send a separate bill for $50 for each return or other tax document 
associated with the returned payment 
Privacy notification 
See our website or Publication 54, Privacy Notification. 
Specific Instructions 
Filling in your form - Please use black ink (and never use red ink) when 
making entries on this form. 
Name and address box - Partnerships must enter the employer identification 
number (EIN), name, and address of the partnership. Estates and trusts must 
enter the estate's or trust's EIN and the name of the estate or trust exactly as 
shown on federal Form SS-4. Also enter the address of the fiduciary or firm in the 
spaces provided. 
To ensure that any payment made with this extension is properly credited, this 
information must agree with the information on the return you are filing. Failure to 
provide an identification number may invalidate this extension. If the entity does 
not have an EIN but has applied for one, enter applied Mr. 
Foreign addresses - Enter the information in the following order: city, 
province or state, and then country (all in the City, village, or post office box). 
Follow the country's practice for entering the postal code. Do not abbreviate 
the county name. 
If the entity files on a fiscal year basis, enter the beginning and ending dates 
of the fiscal year in the appropriate boxes. 
Special condition codes- If you are a nonresident alien estate or trust and 
your filing due date is June 15, 2017, and you need an additional five and 
one-half months to file (November 30, 2017), enter special condition code 
Ea Also enter special condition code 64 on Form IT-205. 
Worksheet Instructions 
Form IT-205 filers only- Complete the following worksheet to determine it 
the estate or trust must make a payment with Form IT-370-PF. 
If you enter an amount on lines 1, 2, or 3 of this worksheet, mark an X in the 
appropriate box on page 1 of this form. 
Line 1- Enter the amount of your New York State income tax liability for 
2016 that you expect to enter on Form IT-205, line 14. 
Line 2 - Enter the amount of your New York City income tax lability for 2016 
that you expect to enter on Form IT-205, line 23. 
Line 3 - Enter the amount of your Yonkers income tax liability for 2016 that 
you expect to enter on Form IT-205, lines 25 through 27. 
V Detach _tout' here V Do not 
IT-370-PF (2016) (page 2) 
Payment options • An estate or trust must make full payment of any 
balance due with this automatic extension of time to file. Pay by check 
or money order made payable in U.S. funds to New York State Income 
Tax and write the estate's or trust's EIN and 2016 Income Tax on It. 
Paid preparers • Under the law, all paid preparers must sign and complete 
the paid preparer section of the form. Paid preparers may be subject to 
civil and/or criminal sanctions if they fail to complete this section in full. 
Line 4-Enter the amount of sales or use tax, if any, that you will be required 
to report when you file your 2016 return. See the instructions for your NYS 
fiduciary income tax return for information on how to compute your sales and 
use tax. Also enter this amount on line 1 on page 1 of this form. 
Line 6- Enter the amount of 2016 income tax already paid that you 
expect to enter on Form IT-205, line 37 (excluding the amount paid with 
Form IT-370-PF). 
 Worksheet  
I New York Stale income tax lability Mr 2016 
1. 
New Yak City Income MX bebilityky 2016 
Yorkers Income tax lability to 2016 
Sales and Lora tax due tor 2016 (enter this
amount nose and on one 1 on page 1) 
4. 
Total taxes (add lines 1 through •  
Total 2016 income tax already paid  
 6. 
Total payment {subtract line 6 ROM line Sand OM' S* 
amount here and on line 2 on 0029 IF II line 6 is them 
than one 5. enter 0 
7. 
2. 
 3. 
5. 
Note: You may be subject to penalties if you underestimate the balance due. 
How to claim credit for payment made with this form 
Include the amount paid with Form IT-370-PF on Form IT-205, line 30. For 
more information, see the line instructions for Form IT-205. 
Where to file 
If you are enclosing a payment with this extension request, mail 
Form IT-370-PF with your payment to: 
EXTENSION REQUEST 
PO 80X 4125 
BINGHAMTON NY 13902-4125 
if not enclosing a payment with this extension request, mail 
Form IT-370-PF to: 
EXTENSION REQUEST - NH 
PO BOX 4126 
BINGHAMTON NY 13902-4126 
For information about private delivery services, see Publication 55, 
Designated Private Delivery Services. 
Need help? Visit our website at www.tatny.gov (for information, 
forms, and online services) 
Personal Income Tax Information Center. (518) 457-5181 
To order forms and publications: 
(518) 457-5431 
submit wIth_your return 
When completing this section, enter your New York tax preparer registration 
identification number (NYTPRIN) if you are required to have one. If you are 
not required to have a NYTPRIN, enter in the NYTPRIN excl. code box one 
of the specified 2-digit codes listed below that indicates why you are exempt 
from the registration requirement. You must enter a NYTPRIN or an exclusion 
code. Also, you must enter your federal preparer tax identification number 
(PTIN) if you have one; if not, you must enter your social security number. 
• Paid 
er MUM complete Dee InStructions) V 
Data: 
9122 017 
kkettoten SI9Paace 
Ille GARY W. PRESS
Ile- Preparers NYTPRIN 
Firm's name Or rota + self-omfoois) 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
V Preperer's PIIN a SSN 
Addren 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK NY 10016-1901 
• Employer imntricabon number 
133050313 
P71 
E-mall: 
Code Exemption type 
Code Exemption type 
Attorney 
Employee of attorney 
CPA 
Employee of CPA 
PA (Public Accountant) 06 
Employee of PA 
Enrolled agent 
Employee of enrolled 
agent 
Volunteer lax preparer 
trniXoyee of business 
preparing that 
business return 
See ou website for more information about the tax preparer 
registr lion requirements. 
3712161019 
3,33495607 
111111 
I II III 11111111
111111 III 
EFTA00806322
--- PAGE 211 ---
er
NEW 
YORK 
 STATE 
2016 
- 
See the instructions, Form IT-204-1 
...._ 
or tax year beginning 
ending 
Legal name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
srilmoyeirwinceuennumbermeu 
133495607 
Trade name of business if different from legal name above 
NWS pthicapoi business activity 
MODEL AGENCY 
Address (number and street or rural route) 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
City, village. or post office 
NEW YORK 
WX6basinpacodenterinfftwiNnN691' 
812990 
State 
NY 
ZIP code 
10013 
Country 
wmorlowitiorievix, 
MODELING AG 
0601:661messW60 
01041989 
Section 1 - Partnership information 
v. ... .. 0, ... 
w 
2016 lax rown Oa 10610
lu
l 
Mark 
El 1) 
2) 
an X in the box that applies taygur entity 
Regular partnership 
U 
Limited liability partnership (LLP) 
Portfolio investment partnership (see instr.) 
Limited liability company (LLC • including limited liability investment company and a limited liability trust company) 
the partnership have any income, gain, loss, or deduction derived from NY sources during the tax year?  
 B1 
Yes 
enter the number of resident partners  
B2 
Ill 
Other 
No ri 
Did 
If No, 
C Mark applicable box(es) 
Change of address 
Initial return 
Amended return El 
Final return (subrntt explanation) 
D 1) Is this return the result of federal audit changes?  
D1 
Yes 1-1 
No X 
If Yes: 2) Enter date of final federal determination  
D2 
I 
E Did you 
If No, 
3) Do you concede the federal audit changes?  
D3 
Yes 
l 
file a NYS partnership return for 1) 2014? 
El Yes M 
No ri  
2) 2015? E2 
Yes X
No
No H
state reason: 
F 
Number of partners 
1) Article 22  
 Fl 
2) Article 9•A  
 F2 
3) Other  
 F3 
4) Total  
 F4 
G Does the partnership currently have tax accounts with NYS for the Wowing taxes? 
1) Sales and use tax 
Yes El 
No 
 Of Yes, enter ID number) 
133495607 
2) Withholding tax 
Yes El 
No 
 (if Yes, enter ID number) 
133495607 
H Did the partnership have an interest in real property located in NYS during the last three years?  
Yes X 
No 
I 
Has there been a transfer or acquisition of a controlling interest in this entity during the last three years? 
Yes 
No X 
J Did the partnership engage in a likekeid transaction under IRC 1031 during the tax year?  
Yes 
No X 
K 
Did the partnership sell property during the tax year that had a deferred gain from a previous IRC 1031 or IRC 1033 transaction? 
K 
Yes 
No X 
L 
Was there a distribution of property or a transfer of a partnership interest during the tax year?  
Yes 
No X 
M Did the partnership make an election under IRC 754?  
Yes 
No X 
N Is this partnership under audit by the IRS or has it been audited In a prior year?  
Yes 
No X 
O Is the partnership required to file Form DTF•686 or DTF.68&ATT for this filing period, to report a 
reportable transaction, New York reportable transaction, listed transaction or registered tax shelter?  
Yes 
No El 
If Yes, complete and submit Form(s) DTF586, DTF•686•ATT, and any applicable federal forms. 
p Did the partnership make purchases subject to sales and compensating use tax for which NYS lax was not paid? (see Instr.) 
P 
Yes 
No 
Did the partnership have a financial account located in a foreign country? (see instructions)  
Yes El 
No 
Department of Taxation and Finance 
Partnership Return 
and
+68501 01.25.1: 
IT-204 
Third-party 
designee? Iwo Insti) 
Yes X 
No 
• 
mpowsswahmoGARY W. PRESS 
Firm's name (or yours, if self-employed) 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
Address 
sriproyerominoasointnine 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
133050313 
Print designee's name 
GARY W. PRESS 
E•marl.
Paid preparer must complete (see Instr.) • 
Date 
I hpfaPelN 
Designee's phone number 
Preparer's PTIN or SSN 
NEI
t
0016 -19 f:
I
NY 
Vera% 03 
Email: 
Pe.sonalidrotheaWn 
nulawit011120 
• 
Sign here 
• 
Signature of general partner 
Date 
Daytime phone number 
Email 
HiIiiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
Mail your return to: STATE PROCESSING CENTER, PO BOX 4149, BINGHAMTON NY 139O2-4149. 
EFTA00806323
--- PAGE 212 ---
Page 2 of 8 
IT-204 (2016) 
66&502 01.07.17 
Section 2 - Federal ordinary business income (loss) 
Part 1 - Income from federal Form 1065 
Gross receipts or sales 
Returns and allowances  
Subtract line 2 from line 1  
Cost of goods sold  
Gross profit (subtract line 4 from line 3)  
Ordinary income (loss) from other partnerships, estates, and trusts (submit statemen0  
STMT 2 
Net farm profit (loss) (submit federal Form 1040, Schedule F)  
Net gain (loss) from federal Form 4797, Part II lna 17 (submit federal Form 4797)  
Other income (loss) (submit statement)  
SEE STATEMENT 3 
Total income (loss) (combine lines 5 through 9)  
Part 2 - Deductions from federal Form 1065 
Salaries and wages (other than to partners) (less employment credits)  
Guaranteed payments to partners 
Repairs and maintenance 
Bad debts  
Rent  
Taxes and licenses  
Interest 
Depreciation (If required, submit federal Form 4562)  
Depreciation reported on federal Form 1125A 
and elsewhere on return  
Subtract line 19 from line 18  
Depletion (do not deduct oil and gas depletion)  
Retirement plans, etc 
Employee benefit programs 
Other deductions (submit statement)  
Total deductions (add lines 11 through 17and lines 20 through 24) 
Ordinary business income (loss) (subtract line 25 from line 10)  
20803273 
37a Was UFO inventory method adopted this tax year for any goods? (If Yes, submit federal Form 970.) 
37b If the UFO inventory method was used for this tax year, enter the amount of closing inventory 
computed under LIFO  
20803273 
20803273 
137818 
-156411 
20784680 
12181179 
416838 
815645 
772275 
I at
44543 
lel
SEE STATEMENT 4 
Section 3 - Cost of goods sold (from federal Form 1125-A, see instructions) 
44543 
111980 
379739 
3561967 
18284238 
2500442 
Inventory at begnning of year 
Purchases  
Cost of labor  
Additional IRC section 263A costs (submit statement)  
Other costs (submit statement)  
Total (add lines 27 through 31)  
Inventory at end of year 
Cost of goods sold (subtract tine 33 from fine 32)  
Methods used for valuing closing inventory (mark an X in applicable boxes) 
Cost 
Lower of cost or market 
Other (specify method used and explain)  
Was there a writedown of subnormal goods?  
Yes Ei No 
 Yes 
No 
Do the rules of IRC section 263A (for property produced or acquired for resale) apply to the partnership?  
 Yes Ei No 
Was there any change in determining quantities, cost, or valuations between opening and closing inventory?  
 Yes 
No 
If Yes, explain  
204002161019 
VIII I IIII I III III III VIII I III II III 
EFTA00806324
--- PAGE 213 ---
6118r63 OF07.17 
IT-204 (2016; Page 3 
• 
Section 4 - Balance sheets per books (from federal Form 1065, Schedule 
Assets 
Cash  
Trade notes and accounts 
receivable  
Less allowances for bad 
debts  
Inventories  
U.S. government obligations 
Taxexempt securities 
Other current assets (submit 
statement)  STMT 5 
47a Loans to partners (or 
persons related to partners) 
47b Mortgage and real estate 
bans  
Other investments (submit 
statement)  STMT 6 
Buildings and other 
depreciable assets 
Less accumulated 
depreciation  
Depletable assets 
Less accumulated depletion 
Land (net any amortization)  
Intangible assets 
(amortizable only)  
Less accumulated 
amortization  
Other assets (submit 
statement)  STMT 7 
Total assets  
Beginning of tax year 
(a) 
(b) 
End of tax year 
(c) 
(d) 
3532783 
2895029 
9290056 
12760240 
100000 
9190056 
100000 
12660240 
159432 
235194 
47a 
47b 
83446 
224591 
4123029 
4187551 
so 
3396487 
726542 
3560781 
626770 
3068607 
2555716 
16760866 
19197540 
Liabilities and capital 
Beginnin g of tax year 
(a) 
(b) 
End of tax year 
(c) 
(d) 
Accounts payable  
12182330 
14451871 
Mortgages, notes, bonds 
payable in less than 
one year 
Other current liabilities 
(submit statement) 
STMT 8 
1786832 
1384748 
All nonrecourse loans 
62a Loans from partners (or 
persons related to partners) 62a 
633 Mortgages, notes, bonds 
payable in one year or more 62b 
Other liabilities (submit 
statement)  STMT 9 
1620133 
1690964 
Partners' capital accounts 
1171571 
1669957 
Total liabilities and capital 
16760866 
19197540 
11111
1iiiiii°113iiiii111111111 
EFTA00806325
--- PAGE 214 ---
66,1504 01.07- 17 
Page 4 of 8 
11-204 (2016) 
Section 5 - Reconciliation of income (loss) per books with income (loss) per retum(From federal 
Form 1065. Schedule M-1; see instructions. If Schedule M-3 was filed, mark w0C in the box 
file Schedule M-3 and any related documents with Form IT-204; skip Section 5 and 
continue with Section 6.) 
Net 
Income 
Guaranteed 
Expenses 
Add 
Income 
Deductions 
Add 
Income 
income (loss) per books 
included on return not recorded on books this year. from Schedule M•1. line 2  
Identify: 
payments (other than health insurance) 
recorded on books this year not included on return. from Schedule M.1. line 4 
,,, ,,
,,, , 
Identify: 
lines 66 through 69  
recorded on books this year not included on return. 
from Schedule M-1. line 6 
711 
Identify: 
included on return not charged against book 
income this year. from Schedule M.1. line 7 
I 
Identify: 
lines 71 and 72  
(loss) (subtract fine 73 from fine 70) 
I 73I 
Section 6 - Analysis of partners' capital accounts (from federal Form 1065. schedule M-2) 
Balance 
Capital 
Capital 
Net 
Other 
Add 
Distributions 
Distributions 
Other 
Add 
Balance 
at beginning of year  
contributed • cash 
contributed • property  
income (loss) per books 
increases 
1171571 
2748386 
Identify: 
lines 75 through 79  
• cash  
• property  
decreases  
3919957 
2250000 
Identify: 
lines 81. 82. and 83  
at end of year (subtract line 84 from line 80) 
k_4
2250000 
1669957 
11111111°11
41iilii111111III 
EFTA00806326
--- PAGE 215 ---
WMM 01-07,47 
IT-204 (2016) 
Page 5 of 8 
Section 7 - Partners' share of income, deductions, etc. (from federal Form 1065. Schedule K) 
Partners' distributive share items 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
2500442 
Net rental real estate income (loss) (submit federal Form 8825) 
88a Other gross rental income (loss) 
88. 
88b Expenses from other rental activities  
Other net rental income (loss) (subtract Moe 88b from line 88a)  
Guaranteed payments  
Interest income 
15968 
Ordinary dividends  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss) (submit federal Schedule D) 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) (submit federal Schedule D)  
Net section 1231 gain (loss) (submit federal Form 4797)  
Other Income (loss) (see instructions)  
Identify: 
Section 179 deduction (submit federal Form 4562) 
64523 
Other deductions (see instructions) 
12512 
identify: SEE STATEMENT 10 
100 This line intentionally left blank  
100 
101 Net earnings (loss) from self-employment  
101 
102 Tax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses (see instructions/  
102 
127818 
103 Distributions • cash and marketable securities  
103 
2250000 
104 Distributions • other property  
104 
105 Other 
Analysis 
items not included above that are required to be reported separately to partners (see Instr.) 
105 
15968 
went* SEE STATEMENT 11 
of net Income (loss) 
106 Enter the amount from line 1 of the Analysis of Net Income (Loss) section on federal Fenn 1065 
Analysis by type of partner 
106 
2439375 
A 
Corporate 
B 
Individual 
(active) 
C 
Individual 
(passive) 
Partnership 
E 
Exempt 
organization 
F 
Nominee/other 
General partners 
Limited partners 
2439375 
204005161019 III 
EFTA00806327
--- PAGE 216 ---
Page 6 of 8 
17-204 (2016) 
6685C6 01.07.17 
Section 8 - New York modifications (see instructions) 
107 This line intentionally left blank 
108 Total addition modifications (from Form IT-225, line 9)  
109 This line intentionally left blank 
110 Total subtraction modifications (from Form IT-225. line 18) 
111 Additions to federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
111a 
111b 
111e 
111d 
111e 
1111 
112 Total additions to federal itemized deductions (add lines lila through 1110  
113 Subtractions from federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
113a 
113b 
113e 
113d 
113e 
1131 
114 Total subtractions from federal itemized deductions (add lines i 13a through 1131)  
115 This line intentionally left blank  
108 
157273 
110 
4642 
112 
114 
115 
204006161019 
EFTA00806328
--- PAGE 217 ---
61&07 0F07.17 
IT-204 (2016) Page 7 of 8 
Section 9 - Other information 
116a New York source gross income (see instructions)  
116b MCTD allocation percentage (see instructions) 
116e Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing  
118d Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property  
116a 
116b 
116e 
116d 
15790899 
70.8033 % 
117a Did the partnership sell assets subject to IRC 1060?  
117b If the partnership filed a group return on behalf of any nonresident partners, enter the special 
NYS identification number  
117c Is this partnership a partner in another partnership or LLC? Of Yes, list the names and EINs below; 
submit additional sheets if necessary.)  
Yes 
No 
117b 
Yes E 
X 
Name of entity 
EIN 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
201354409 
Section 10 - New York allocation schedule 
Part 1 - List all places, both in and outside of NYS. where the partnership carries on business (submit additional sheets if necessary) 
Street address 
City and state 
Description (see instructions) 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK 
NY OFFICE 
1688 MERIDIAN AVE 
MIAMI BEACH 
FL OFFICE 
8447 WILSHIRE BLVD 
BEVERLY HILLS 
CA OFFICE 
118 Do books and records reflect income earned in New York? (II Yes, do not complete Part 2.)  
 Yes 
No 
Part 2 - Formula basis allocation of ncome if books and records do not reflect income earned in New York 
Items used as factors 
Property percentage (see inst.) 
119 Real property owned  
120 Real property rented from others 
121 Tangible personal property owned 
121a Tangible personal property 
rented from others  
122 Property percentage (add lines 
779 through 121a; see instruct.) 
123 Payroll percentage (see instruct) 
124 Gross income percentage {see Instr.) 
A • Totals • in and outside of NYS 
Dollars 
119 
120 
7286288 
121 
721130 
121a 
122 
8007418 
123 
12234940 
124 
21743272 
8- New York State amounts 
Dollars 
119 
120 
5123968 
121 
588100 
121a 
122 
5712068 
123 
9011461 
124 
14659910 
125 Total of percentages (total column C, lines 122, 123, and 724)  
126 Business allocation percentage divide line 725 by three or by actual number of percentages if less than three) 
C . Percent col. B 
is of col. A 
122 
123 
124 
125 
126 
71.3347  cm 
73.6535 % 
67.4227 % 
212.4109 % 
70.8036 % 
Section 11 - Partners' credit information (see instructions) 
Has the partnership (or an entity of which the partnership is an owner) been convicted of Bribery 
Invoking Public Servants and Related Offenses, Corrupting the Government,or Defrauding the 
Government (NYS Penal Law Article 200 or 496, or section 195.20)7  
 Yes 
No El 
204007161019 
EFTA00806329
--- PAGE 218 ---
Page 8 of 8 
IT-204 (2016) 
6613508 01.13.17 
Section 11 (continued) 
Part 1 - Flow-through credit bases and Information 
Brownfield redevelopment tax credit (Form IT-611, IT-611.1, and/or/T-611.2) 
127 Site preparation credit component  
127 
128 Tangible property credit component 
128 
129 On-site groundwater remediation credit component  
129 
EZ capital tax credit (Form IT-602) 
130 This line intentionally left blank  
130 
131 Recapture of credit for investments in certified EZ businesses 
131 
132 Recapture of credit for contributions of money to EZ community development protects 
132 
OEZE tax reduction credit (Form IT-604) 
133 OEZE employment increase factor  
133 
134 OEZE zone allocation factor 
134 
135 OEZE benefit period factor  
135 
Excelsior jobs program tax credit (Form IT-607) 
136 Excelsior jobs tax credit component 
136 
137 Excelsior investment tax credit component  
137 
138 Excelsior research and development tax credit component  
138 
139 Excelsior real property tax credit component  
139 
Farmers' school tax credit (Form IT-217) 
140 Acres of qualified agricultural property  
140 
141 Acres of qualified conservation property 
141 
142 Eligible school district property taxes paid 
142 
143 Acres of qualified agricultural property converted to nonqualified use  
143 
Other flow-through credit bases and information 
Credit bases 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
144a 
144d 
144b 
144e 
144e 
1441 
Credit information 
Code 
Information 
Code 
Information 
144g 
144) 
144h 
144k 
1441 
1441 
Part 2 Flow-through credits, addbacks and recaptures 
145 Long.temi care insurance credit (Form IT-249) 
145 
146a Investment credit (including employment incentive credit and historic barn rehabilitation credit Form IT-212) 
146a 
146b Research and development • investment credit (Form IT-212)  
146b 
147 Other flow-through credits 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
147a 
147e 
147b 
147f 
147e 
147g 
147d 
147h 
148 Addbacks of credits and recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
148a 
148d 
148b 
148e 
148c 
14W 
204008161019 
VIII IIIIIIII III III I VIII I VIII III 
Part 3 - START-UP NY tax elimination credit information (Form IT-638)
149 STARTUP NY business certificate number (Form DTF-74)  
150 Year of STARTUP NY business tax benefit period 
151 STARTUP NY area allocation factor 
149 
150 
151 
EFTA00806330
--- PAGE 219 ---
rNEW 
/- 
-jU rE 
2016 -4-- 
Department of Taxation and Finance 
New York Corporate Partners' Schedule K 
Tax Law - Article 9-A 
For calendar year 2016 Or tax year beginning 
01012016 
and ending 12312016 
688811 18, 13, 16 
11-204 a 1 
Partnership's name (as shown on Form IT-204) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
E1N 
133495607 
Entire net income (ENI) information when the corporate partner's New York tax filing status is a C corporation 
ENI addition modifications 
Total additions  
A - Number 
B - Amount 
A - Number 
B - Amount 
la 
EA- 505 
110586 
ld 
EA - 
lb 
EA - 
le 
EA - 
le 
EA - 
if 
EA - 
ENI subtraction modifications 
Total subtractions  
A - Number 
B - Amount 
A - Number 
B - Amount 
2a 
ES- 507 
4642 
2d 
ES - 
2b 
ES - 
2e 
ES - 
2e 
ES - 
2f 
ES - 
110586 
4642 
Assets and liabilities (See instructions) 
Total assets  
Real property and marketable securities included on line 3  
Real property and marketable securities at fair market value (RAV) 
Average value of adjusted total assets  
Total liabilities  
Liabilities directly attributable to business capital  
Liabilities directly attributable to investment capital  
116001161019 
III IIII III I II IIII II I VIII I III II III 
Average value 
17979203 
17979203 
16558439 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806331
--- PAGE 220 ---
Page 2 of 7 IT-204.1 (2016) 
698812 02.14-17 
Items related to investment capital under Article 9-A 
Part 1 - Investment capital that generates income claimed not taxable by New York under the U.S. Constitution 
Description of asset (identify each asset, and enter number of shares (if applicable) and date acquired here; for each asset complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned assets in items A through G) 
Item 
A • Description of asset 
B • Number of shares 
acquired, if appicable 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
Number of 
shares sold. if applicable 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
Total columns F and G  
110 
Part 2 - Investment capital stocks actually held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B . umber of shares acquired 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
Total columns F and G  
109 
III 11 111111011121161111
111 11111111 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806332
--- PAGE 221 ---
6116313 17-13.16 
IT-204.1 (2016) 
Page 3 of 7 
Part 3 - Investment capital - stocks presumed held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns F 
and G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B • Number of shares acquired 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
Total columns F and G  
112 
Part 4 - Total investment capital 
Total average FMV and liabilities directly attributable (add lines 10. 11, and 12 in columns F and G) 
Part 5 - Prior year Investment capital - stocks that did not meet holding period requirement (see instructions) 
Description of investment (identify each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B • Number of shares acquired 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
Number of 
shares solo 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average FMV 
as previously reported 
G 
Liabilities directly attributable 
as previously reported 
H 
I 1 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
Total columns F and G  
114 
Part 6 - Prior year gross investment income for stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Prior year presumed gross investment income from stocks presumed in the prior year to be held 
more than one year that failed to meet the presumption  
116003161019 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806333
--- PAGE 222 ---
Page 4 of 7 
IT-204.1 (2016) 
lkiES14 I2• ,3 1fi 
Items related to investment and other exempt income under Article 9-A 
Gross exempt cross.article dividends  
Gross exempt controlled foreign corporation (CFC) income  
Gross exempt unitary corporation dividends 
Gross investment income from investments generating income not taxable by New York 
State under the U.S. Constitution  
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks actually held more than one year  
Net capital gains in excess of losses from investment capital from stocks actually held 
more than one year 
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks presumed held more than one year  
Items related to interest deductions directly attributable to investment and other exemp income under Article 9-A O 
Total interest expense per federal Form 1065. line 15  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 16  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 17 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 18  
ti
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 19  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 20  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 21 
rn 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 22  
Interest deductions directly attributable to business capital 
Items related to subtraction modifications for qualified banks 
Qualified residential loan portfolio assets  
O 
Gross interest income from qualifying loans  
33a Gross interest income from all loans 
33a 
33b Gross interest expense from all loans  
33b 
Z 
Items related to manufacturing 
Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing  
34a Receipts received from the generation and distribution of electricity, the distribution of natural 
gas, and the production of steam associated with the generation of electricity  
34a 
Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property  
Number of employees employed in manufacturing in New York  
Apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) information 
Apportionment - Part 1 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property. 
maintain an office, or derive receipts from activity, in New York State? (mark an X in the appropriate box) 
Yes El 
No 
During the reporting year. did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property. 
maintain an office. or derive receipts from activity, in the MCTD? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
Yes El 
No 
Average value of property 
(see instructions tor Apportionment - Part 7, lines 3 through 7) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
Real estate owned  
Real estate rented  
Inventories owned  
Tangible personal property owned  
Tangible personal property rented 
11111111iiiiiiiiirl 
III 11 III 
EFTA00806334
--- PAGE 223 ---
688815 17-15-16 
17-204.1 IA)•bi 
Page 5 0. 
Apportionment - Part 2 
Receipts from: (see instructions for Apportionment - 
Part 2. lines I through 52a) 
A 
WICTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.2 
Sales of tangible personal property  
Sales of electricity  
Net gains from sales of real property  
Section 210-A.3 
Rentals of real and tangible personal property 
Royalties from patents. copyrights, trademarks, and 
similar intangible personal property  
Sales of rights for certain cbsedcircuit and cable 
N transmissions of an event  
Section 210-A.4 
Sale. licensing, or granting access to digital products 
7a Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 
7a 
This line intentionally left blank  
Section 210-A.5(aX2)(A) 
Interest from loans secured by real property 
Net gains from sales of loans secured by real property 
Interest from loans not secured by real property 
K 
Net gains from sales of loans not secured by 
real property 
Fi 12 
Section 210-A.5(aX2)(B) 
U 
Interest from federal debt 
I 
Interest from NYS and its political subdivisions debt 
Net gains from federal, NYS, and NYS political subdivisions debt 
Interest from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Net gains from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XC) 
K 
Interest from assetbacked securities and other 
government agency debt  
Net gains from government agency debt or 
assetbacked securities sold through an exchange 
Net gains from all other assetbacked securities  
Section 210-A.5(aX2XD) 
Interest from corporate bonds  
Net gains from corporate bonds sold through 
broker/dealer or licensed exchange  
Net gains from other corporate bonds 
Section 210-A.5(aX2)(E) 
Net interest from reverse repurchase and securities 
borrowing agreements  
Section 210-A.5(aX2)(F) 
Net interest from federal funds  
Section 210-A.5(aX2)(i) 
K 
Net income from sales of physical commodities  
Section 210-A.5(aX2KJ) 
K 
Marked to market net gains  
116005161019 
III 11 IIIIIIIIIIIIIVIIIIIIIIIIII 
Itt 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806335
--- PAGE 224 ---
6SPA16 
Page 6 of 7 
IT-204.1(2016) 
Receipts from: (continued) 
A 
r.,c' u 
B 
New York State 
c 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(aX2)(H) 
210-A.5(aX2XG) 
Interest from other financial 
Net gains from other financial 
30a Net gains from other financial 
(broker/dealer/exchange)  
30b Other income from other 
30c Other income from other 
(broker/dealer/exchange)  
30d Dividends from stock that 
30e Net gains from sales of 
30f Net gains from sales of 
H
financial 
financial 
is 
stock 
partnership 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
30a 
30b 
30c 
business capital  
30d 
that is business capital  
30o 
interests  
30f 
Section 210-A.5(b) 
Brokerage commissions 
Margin interest earned 
Fees for advisory services 
or management of underwriting  
Receipts from primary 
Receipts from account 
Fees for management 
Interest from an affiliated 
on behalf 
for 
spread 
maintenance 
or advisory 
corporation  
of brokerage accounts 
underwriting 
of seling concessions 
fees  
services  
Section 210-A.5(c) 
Interest, fees, and penalties 
Service charges and fees 
Receipts from merchant 
Receipts from credit card 
settlement processing 
Other credit card processing 
from 
discounts  
authorizations 
from credit cards  
credit cards  
and 
receipts  
Section 210-A.5(d) 
Receipts from certain services to investment companies 
Section 210-AA 
Receipts from railroad and trucking business 
Section 210-AA-a 
Receipts from the operation of vessels 
Section 210-Al 
Receipts from air freight forwarding  
Receipts from other aviation 
services  
Section 210-AS 
Advertising in newspapers 
Advertising on television or 
Advertising via other means 
or periodicals  
radio  
Section 210-A.9 
Transportation or transmission of gas through pipes 
Section 210-A.10 
Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
14643942 
14643942 
21727304 
52a 
11111 Ildirlil611111111 
III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806336
--- PAGE 225 ---
68681] 12-13.16 
IT-204.1 (2016) 
Page 7 of 7 
Payroll 
A
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Wages and other compensation of employees except general executive officers  
 I58 
8721369 
8721369 
Average number of individuals employed full4ime in New York State (excluding employees with 
partnership-wide authority)  
Gross proceeds or receipts from certain sales 
(for apportionment purposes) (see instructions) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
Now York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Sales of loans secured by real property  
Sales of loans not secured by real property  
Sales of other asset•backed securities  
Sales of corporate bonds 
Sales of physical commodities  
Marked to market net gain or loss from deemed sales (for apportionment purposes) 
Of loans secured by real property 
Of loans not secured by real property 
Of federal debt instruments 
Of New York State and its political subdivisions debt instruments  
Of other states and their political subdivisions debt instruments  
Of government agency debt or assetbacked securities (through exchange)  
Of all other asset•backed securities  
Of corporate bonds through licensed exchange or broker/dealer 
Of other corporate bonds 
Of physical commodities  
Of other fnancial instruments of one type  
Items related to repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending agreements 
Value of reverse repurchase agreements when partnership is purchaserAender  
Value of borrowing agreements when partnership is securities borrower  
Value of repurchase agreements when partnership is seller/borrower  
Value of lending agreements when partnership is securities lender 
Interest income from reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements  
Interest expense from repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements  
III III 
ni 11 ill 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806337
--- PAGE 226 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
DISREGARDED ENTITIES INCLUDED 
STATEMENT 
IN THIS RETURN 
NAME 
FEIN 
METIER CREATIVE LLC 
47-4398927 
NY IT-204 
INCOME (LOSS) FROM OTHER PARTNERSHIPS, ETC. 
STATEMENT 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
EMPLOYER ID 
AMOUNT 
20-1354409 
137,818. 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204, PAGE 2, LINE 6 
137,818. 
NY IT-204 
OTHER INCOME 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
-156,411. 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204, PAGE 2, LINE 9 
-156,411. 
NY IT-204 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
ADMINISTRATIVE - OTHER 
125,542. 
ADVERTISING 
76,268. 
AMORTIZATION EXPENSE 
201,053. 
BANK CHARGES 
81,145. 
CLEANING SERVICE 
46,123. 
COMMISSIONS EXPENSE 
1,945,477. 
COMPUTER EXPENSE 
56,901. 
CONSULTING FEES 
530,543. 
DUES & SUBSCRIPTIONS 
11,192. 
FILING FEES 
8,815. 
INSURANCE 
127,474. 
MEALS AND ENTERTAINMENT 
76,748. 
MODEL EXPENSES 
36,973. 
OFFICE 
147,920. 
STATEMENT(S) 1, 2, 3, 4 
EFTA00806338
--- PAGE 227 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
OVERHEAD REIMBURSEMENT 
-1,325,013. 
PAYROLL FEES 
15,273. 
POSTAGE & DELIVERY 
11,747. 
PRINTING EXPENSE 
52,768. 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
331,530. 
SCOUTING EXPENSE 
14,890. 
TELEPHONE EXPENSE 
198,608. 
TRAVEL 
758,595. 
UTILITIES 
31,395. 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204, PAGE 2, LINE 24 
3,561,967. 
NY IT-204 
OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
STATEMENT 
BEGINNING OF 
END OF TAX 
DESCRIPTION 
TAX YEAR 
YEAR 
PREPAID EXPENSES 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204, PAGE 3, LINE 46 
159,432. 
235,194. 
159,432. 
235,194. 
NY IT-204 
OTHER INVESTMENTS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
INVESTMENT IN TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204, PAGE 3, LINE 48 
BEGINNING OF 
END OF TAX 
TAX YEAR 
YEAR 
83,446. 
224,591. 
83,446. 
224,591. 
NY IT-204 
OTHER ASSETS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
BEGINNING OF 
END OF TAX 
TAX YEAR 
YEAR 
DEPOSITS 
43,931. 
41,596. 
RESTRICTED CASH 
40,000. 
40,000. 
DUE FROM AFFLIATES 
1,313,624. 
827,056. 
DUE FROM MODELS 
1,607,052. 
1,596,064. 
DEFERRED TAX ASSET 
64,000. 
51,000. 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204, PAGE 3, LINE 56 
3,068,607. 
2,555,716. 
STATEMENT(S) 4, 5, 6, 7 
EFTA00806339
--- PAGE 228 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
NY IT-204 
OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
ACCRUED EXPENSES 
CITY ACCRUED TAX 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204, PAGE 3, LINE 60 
BEGINNING OF 
END OF TAX 
TAX YEAR 
YEAR 
1,786,832. 
0. 
1,355,362. 
29,386. 
1,786,832. 
1,384,748. 
NY IT-204 
OTHER LIABILITIES 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
ADVANCES FROM AFFLIATES 
DUE TO RELATED PARTY 
DEFERRED RENT - LONG TERM 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204, PAGE 3, LINE 63 
BEGINNING OF 
END OF TAX 
TAX YEAR 
YEAR 
8,342. 
1,476,782. 
135,009. 
8,342. 
1,459,962. 
222,660. 
1,620,133. 
1,690,964. 
NY IT-204 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
STATEMENT 10 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
CONTRIBUTIONS 
12,512. 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204, PAGE 5, LINE 99 
12,512. 
NY IT-204 
ITEMS REPORTED SEPARATELY TO PARTNERS 
STATEMENT 11 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
15,968. 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204, PAGE 5, LINE 105 
15,968. 
STATEMENT(S) 8, 9, 10, 11 
EFTA00806340
--- PAGE 229 ---
r
iYEW 
YORK 
 STATE 
2016 
flt 
r;,.: an rt-c: Finance 
New York State Modifications 
Attachment to Form IT-201, IT-203, IT-204, or IT-205 
1T-225 
Name(s) as shown on return 
Identifying number as shown on return 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
133495607 
Complete all pals that apply to you; see instructions (Form IT-225-I). Submit this form with Form IT-201, IT-203, IT-204, or IT-205. 
Mark an X in the box identifying the return you are filing: 
IT-201 
IT-203 I I 
IT-204 El 
IT-205 El 
Schedule A - New York State additions (enter whole dollars only) 
Part 1 - Individuals, partnerships, and estates or trusts 
New York State additions 
la 
lb 
it 
Id 
le 
if 
lg
Number 
A- 214 
A- 201 
A - 
A - 
A - 
A - 
A - 
A - Total amount 
28871.00 
110586.00 
B - NYS allocated amount 
0 442.00 
78299.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
Total (add column A, lines la through I g) 
Total of Schedule A• Part 1, column A amounts from additional Form(s) IT-225. if any 
Add lines 2 and 3 
139457.00 
.00 
139457.00 
Part 2 - Partners, shareholders, and beneficiaries 
A
Form IT201 filers: do not enter EA•113 
Form IT203 filers: do not enter EA•113 
Form IT205 filers: do not enter EA•113 or Ek201 
New York State additions 
5a 
5b 
5c 
5d 
5e 
5f 
Number 
EA -201 
EA - 
EA - 
EA - 
EA - 
EA - 
EA - 
A - Total amount 
17816.00 
.00 
.00 
B - NYS allocated amount 
12614.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
Total (add column A lines 5a through 5g) 
Total of Schedule A, Part 2, column A amounts from additional Form(s) IT-225, If any 
Add lines 6 and 7 
• 
Total additions (add lines 4 and 8; see instructions)  
11111 
225001161019
1111
III 1 
111111111 
17816.00 
.00 
LI 
17816.00
157273.00 
(continued) 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806341
--- PAGE 230 ---
IT-225 (2016) (page 2) 
6438.192 10-20-16 
Schedule B - New York State subtractions (enter whole dollars only) 
Part 1 - Individuals, partnerships, and estates or trusts 
New York State subtr 
10a 
10b 
100 
10d 
10e 
10f 
10g
Number 
S - 
S 
S - 
S - 
S - 
S 
S - 
tenons 
A - Total amount 
.00 
B - NYS allocated amount 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
Total (add column A, lines 10a through 10g)  
Total of Schedule B. Part 1. column A amounts from additional Form(s) 
if any 
Add lines 11 and 12 
.00 
.00 
.00 
Part 2 - Partners, shareholders, and beneficiaries 
A 
Form 1T201 filers: do not enter ES-106, ES-107, or ES-125 
Form IT203 filers: do not enter ES-106, ES-107, or ES-125 
Form IT205 filers: do not enter ES-125 
New York State subtractions 
143 
14b 
14c 
194 
14e 
14f 
14g
Number 
Es 213 
ES - 
ES - 
ES - 
ES - 
ES - 
ES - 
A - Total amount 
6 4 2 oo 
.00 
B - NYS allocated amount 
3287.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
Total (add column A, lines Ma through 14g)  
Total of Schedule B, Part 2, column A amounts from additional Form(s) IT225, If any 
Add lines 15 and 16  
Total subtractions (add fines 13 and 17; see instructions) 
225002161019
iiir111
III I 
1111 0 III 
4642.00 
.00 
[Id
6 4 2 oo 
6 4 2.00 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806342
--- PAGE 231 ---
r
iNEW 
YORK 
 STATE 
2016 
Department of Taxation and Finance 
New York Corporate Partner's 
Schedule K-1 
Tax Law - Article 9-A 
For calendar year 2016 or tax year beginning 
01012016 and ending 12312016 
IT-204-CP 
El Final K-1 
El Amended K-1 
Partners: Before completing your franchise tax return, see Form IT•204-CP.I. Partner's Instructions for Form IT-204-CP (available at www.tax.ny.gov). 
Partnership's information 
Partnership's name (as shown on Form IT204) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Partnership's EIN 
133495607 
A Mark an X in the box if either applies to your entity 
Publicly traded partnership 
Portfolio investment partnership 
B Tax shelter registration number. if any  
Partner's information (see instructions) 
Partners name 
CLAXON INC C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Partner's address 
WATTS STREET 
Partner's EIN 
133508513 
City 
NEW YORK 
State 
NY 
ZIP code 
10013 
C The partner is a (mad. on X In Me appropnate box) 
ILI 
General partner or LLC inembermanager 
U
Limited partner or other LLC member 
D What is the New York tax filing status of the partner? (Mark an X in the appropriate box, if known.) 
C corporation 
K 
S corporation 
El 
Partnership 
E If the partner is a disregarded entity, enter the EIN of the entity reporting the income of 
the partner (if known) 
F Did the partner sell its entire interest during the tax year?  
G Partners share of profit, loss, and capital 
1) Profit  
 G1 
2) Loss  
 G2 
3) Capital  
 G3 
H Partners share of liabilities at the end of the year 
1) Nonrecourse  
2) Qualified nonrecotase financing 
3) Recourse 
I 
Partner's capital account analysis 
1) Beginning capital account  
2) Capital contributed during the year • cash  
3) Capital contributed during the year • property  
4) Current year increase (decrease)  
5) Withdrawals and distributions • cash  
6) Withdrawals and distributions • property 
7) Ending capital account  
8) Method of accounting mark an X In theeppropnate bo. 
El Tax basis 
GAAP 
117001161019 
Other (submit explanation) 
Beginning 
42.0001
42.0000 
42.00004v 
F Yes K 
H1 
H2 
H3 
O 
O 
ti
rn 
No M 
Ending
42.0000% 
42.0000% 
42.0000% 
402290 
7543181 
492058 
1154322 
945000 
701380 
EFTA00806343
--- PAGE 232 ---
Page 2 of 11 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
588822 12-15-18 
J Was Form CT•265&E filed with the partnership? 
J Yes El 
No K 
K NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of parole( (from Form CT-2658) 
1) Fist installment 
 Ki 
2) Second installment  
 K2 
3) Third installment  
 K3 
4) Fourth installment  
 K4 
Total NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (add fines Kt through K4)  
Date 
K 
Amount 
Partner's share of entire net income (EM) information when the corporate partner's New York tax filing 
status is a C corporation 
ENI addition modifications 
Total additions 
46446 
A - Number 
B - Amount 
A - Number 
B - Amount 
la 
EA - 50 5 
46446 
ld 
EA - 
lb EA - 
le 
EA - 
le EA - 
if 
EA - 
ENI subtraction 
modifications 
Total subtractions 
1950 
A - Number 
B - Amount 
A - Number 
B - Amount 
2a 
ES- 507 
1950 
2d 
ES - 
2b 
ES - 
2e 
ES - 
2e 
ES - 
2f 
ES - 
Partner's proportionate part of assets and liabilities(for New York C corporate partners only) 
Total assets  
Real property and marketable securities included on line 3  
Real property and marketable securities at fair market value (FMV)  
Average value of adjusted total assets  
Total liabilities  
Liabilities directly attributable to business capital  
Liabilities directly attributable to investment capital  
III III 1111111111 
II III 
Average value 
7551265 
7551265 
6954544 
a 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806344
--- PAGE 233 ---
688831 12-13.16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 3 of 11 
Partner's proportionate part of items related to investment capital under Article 9-A(forNew York 
C corporate partners only) 
Part 1 - Investment capital that generates income claimed not taxable by New York under the U.S. Constitution 
Description of asset (identify each asset, and enter number ol shares (if applicable) and date acquired here; for each asset complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter omy directly owned assets in items A through G) 
• 
• 
ror eacn nem "mei]. in columns r tnrouon t . enter me imormation tor me parmersnip as a wnore 
Item 
A • Description of asset 
B • Number of shares 
acquired, if applicable 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
Number of 
shares sold. if applicable 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions)  
Part 2 • Investment capital • stocks actually held more than one year 
Description of Investment (identitY each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B - Number of shares 
acquired 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
Total proportionate part of colurms F 
and G (see instructions)  
IIIIIIIIII11111111161111111111
111111 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806345
--- PAGE 234 ---
Page 4 of 11 
IT-209-CP (2016) 
Part 3 - Investment capital - stocks presumed held more than one year 
Description of Investment (identitY each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns F 
and G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
6438832 12.13.16 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B - Number of shares 
acquired 
C • Date =wires 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
Part 4 - Total Investment capital 
Total average FMV and liabilities directly attributable 
(add lines 10, 11. and 12 in columns F and G) 
Part 6 - Prior year Investment capital - stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Description of Investment (identify each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
' 
• 
rcr eacn nem owed. in columns X tnrouqn t.i. enter me imormation for me parrnersnip as a wnoie. 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B - Number of shares 
acquired 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
ROM 
D 
Number of 
shares solo 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average FMV 
as previously reported 
G 
Liabilities directly attributable 
as previously reported 
H 
I 1 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
. .
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
IIII MI iiill/161111111111 
II HI 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806346
--- PAGE 235 ---
688841 17-13.16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 5 of 11 
Part 6 - Prior year gross investment income for stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Prior year presumed gross investment income from stocks presumed in the prior year to 
be held more than one year that failed to meet the presumption (see Instructions)  
Partner's share of items related to investment and other exempt income under Article 9-A(Tor New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Gross exempt crossarticle dividends  
Gross exempt controlled foreign corporation (CFC) Income  
Gross exempt unitary corporation dividends 
Gross investment income from investments generating income not taxable by New York 
State under the U.S. Constitution  
Dividend Income from investment capital from stocks actually held more than one year  
Net capital gains in excess of losses from investment capital from stocks actually held more 
than one year 
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks presumed held more than one year  
Partner's share of items related to interest deductions directly attributable to investment and other 
exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Interest expense per federal Form 1065. line 15  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 16  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 17 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 18  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 19  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 20  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 21 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 22  
Interest deductions directly attributable to business capital  
0 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to subtraction modification for qualified banks 
Qualified residential loan portfolio assets  
Gross interest income from qualifying loans  
33a Gross interest income from all loans 
33a 
33b Gross interest expense from all loans  
331) 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to manufacturing 
35a Number of employees employed in manufacturing in New York  
Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property  
gas, and the production of steam associated with the generation of electricity  
E35
Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing  
34a Receipts received from the generation and distribution of electricity, the distribution of natural 
1111111 III nu 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806347
--- PAGE 236 ---
686842 12.13.16 
Page 6 of 11 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Partner's share of New York modifications (for New Yost( S corporate panners only) 
New York State additions 
Number 
A - Total amount 
36a 
EA - 
36b 
EA - 
36c 
EA - 
36d 
EA - 
36c 
EA - 
361 
EA - 
Total addition modifications (total of column A, lines 36a through 360  
New York State subtractions 
Number 
A - Total amount 
38a 
ES - 
38b 
ES - 
38c 
ES - 
38d 
ES - 
38c 
ES - 
381 
ES - 
Total subtraction modifications (total of column A, lines 38a through 380 
Additions to federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
40a 
40b 
40c 
40d 
40e 
401 
Total additions to federal itemized deductions (add lines 40a through 40t)  
Subtractions from federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
42a 
42b 
42c 
42d 
42c 
421 
Total subtractions from federal itemized deductions (add lines 42a through 420  
IIII MI I III11111
611 1
611111111 
II III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806348
--- PAGE 237 ---
68,31103 17-13-16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 7 of 11 
Partner's share of income, deductions, etc. (from federal Form 1065. Schedule K-1) 
Partner's distributive share items 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
1050186 
Net rental real estate income (loss)  
Other net rental income (loss)  
Guaranteed payments  
Interest income 
6707 
Ordinary dividends  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss)  
Net longterm capital gain (loss)  
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income (loss)  
Identify: 
Section 179 deduction  
27100 
Other deductions (see instructions)  
5255 
Identify: 
SEE STATEMENT 
Taxexempt income and nondeductible expenses (see instructions)  
53684 
Distributions • cash and marketable securities  
945000 
Distributions • other property  
Other Items not inckrded above that are required to be reported separately to partners  
6707 
Identify: 
SEE STATEMENT 
Partner's credit information (see instructions) 
Part 1 - Flow-through credit bases and information 
Brownfield redevelopment tax credit (Form CT-611. F01771CT-611.1. or Form CT-611.2) 
Site preparation credit component  
Tangible property credit component 
On•site groundwater remediatica credit component 
EZ capital tax credit (Form CT-602) 
Recapture of credit for investments in certified EZ businesses 
Recapture of credit for contributions of money to EZ community development projects  
QEZE tax reduction credit (Form CT-604-CP) 
QEZE employment increase factor  
QEZE zone allocation factor 
QEZE benefit period factor  
Excelsior jobs program tax credit (Form CT-607) 
Excelsior jobs tax credit component 
Excelsior investment tax credit component  
Excelsior research and development tax credit component  
Excelsior real property tax credit component  
A - Form CT-611 
B - Form CT-611A 
C - Form CT-611.2 
III III 
Hi Hill 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806349
--- PAGE 238 ---
Page 8 of 11 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
GRES44 $2•• 
fi
Partner's credit information (continued) 
Farmers' school tax credit (Form CT-47) 
Acres of qualified agricultural property 
Acres of qualified conservation property 
Eligible school district property taxes paid 
Acres of qualified agricultural property converted to nonqualified use  
Other flow-through credit bases and information 
Credit bases 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
77a 
77d 
77b 
77e 
77c 
77f 
Credit information 
Code 
Information 
Code 
Information 
77g 
77j 
77h 
77k 
77i 
771 
Part 2 - Flow-through credits, addbacks, and recaptures 
Flowthrough credits 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
78a 
78e 
78b 
78f 
78c 
78g 
78d 
78h 
Addbacks of credits and recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
79d 
79b 
79e 
79c 
79f 
Part 3 - START-UP NY tax elimination credit information(Rvm CT-638) 
STARTUP NY business certificate number (Form DTF-74) 
Year of STARTUP NY business tax benefit period 
STARTUP NY area allocation factor 
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) information 
Part 1 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in New York State? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
 Yes El 
No 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in the MCTD? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
Yes El 
No 
Average value of property 
A - MCTD 
B - New York State 
Real estate owned  
Real estate rented  
Inventories owned  
Tangible personal property owned  
Tangible personal property rented 
III IIII III I II III III I VIII I III II III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806350
--- PAGE 239 ---
684845 12-13-14 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 9 of 11 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
Section 210-A.2 
Sales of tangible personal property  
Sales of electricity  
Net gains from sales of real property 
Section 210-A.3 
Rentals of real and tangible personal property 
Royalties from patents. copyrights, trademarks, 
and similar intangible personal property  
Sales of rights for certain cbsecicircuit and 
cable TV transmissions of an event  
Section 210-A.4 
Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products  
7a Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products  
This line intentionally left blank  
Section 210-A.5(aX2XA) 
Interest from loans secured by real property 
Net gains from sales of loans secured by real property
Interest from loans not secured by real property 
Net gains from sales of loans not secured by 
real property D 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XB) 
K 
Interest from federal debt  
A 
PACTD 
B 
Now York State 
C 
Everywhere 
7a 
Interest from NYS and its political subdivisions debt 
Net gains from federal, NYS, and NYS political subdivisions debt 
Interest from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Net gains from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XC) 
K 
Interest from asset-backed securities and other 
government agency debt 
Net gains from government agency debt or 
asset-backed securities sold through an exchange  
Net gains from all other asset-backed securities 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XD) 
Interest from corporate bonds  
Net gains from corporate bonds sold through 
broker/dealer or licensed exchange  
Net gains from other corporate bonds 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XE) 
Net Interest from reverse repurchase and 
securities borrowing agreements 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XF) 
Net interest from federal funds  
Section 210-A.5(aX2X0
Net income from sales of physical commodities  
Section 210-A.5(aX2XJ) D 
Marked to market net gains  
117009161019 
III IIII III 1 III II III 111111
III H III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806351
--- PAGE 240 ---
Page 10 of 11 IT-204-CP (2016) 
648846 12.13.1E 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
A 
ric ' u 
B 
New York State 
c 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(aX2Xii) 
210-A.5(aX2XG) 
Interest from other financial 
Net gains from other financial 
30a Net gains from other financial 
(broker/dealer/exchange)  
30b Other income from other 
30c Other income from other 
(broker/dealer/exchange)  
30d Dividends from stock that 
30e Net gains from sales of 
301 Net gains from sales of 
H
financial 
financial 
is 
stock 
partnership 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
business capital  
30a 
30b 
30c 
30d 
that is business capital  
30e 
interests  
30f 
Section 210-A.5(b) 
Brokerage commissions 
Margin interest earned 
Fees for advisory services 
or management of underwriting  
Receipts from primary 
Receipts from account 
Fees for management 
Interest from an affiliated 
on behalf 
for 
spread 
maintenance 
or advisory 
corporation  
of brokerage accounts 
underwriting 
of seling concessions 
fees  
services  
Section 210-A.5(c) 
Interest, fees, and penalties 
Service charges and fees 
Receipts from merchant 
Receipts from credit card 
settlement processing 
Other credit card processing 
from 
discounts  
authorizations 
from credit cards  
credit cards  
and 
receipts ,,, ,,, ,,,,,,,,, ,,, , , 
Section 210-A.5(d) 
Receipts from certain services to investment companies 
Section 210-A6 
Receipts from railroad and trucking business 
Section 210-AA-a 
Receipts from the operation of vessels 
Section 210-Al 
Receipts from air freight forwarding  
Receipts from other aviation 
services  
Section 210-AS 
Advertising in newspapers 
Advertising on television or 
Advertising via other means 
or periodicals  
radio  
Section 210-A.9 
Transportation or transmission of gas through pipes 
Section 210-A.10 
Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
6150456 
6150456 
9125468 
62a 
III 
11111111
6111il III II III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806352
--- PAGE 241 ---
688447 12-13-16 
I7-204-CP (2016) 
Page 11 of 11 
Payroll 
A
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Wages and other compensation of employees except general executive officers 
3662975 
3662975 
Average number of individuals employed full time in New York State (excluding employees with 
partnership-wide authority)  
Gross proceeds or receipts from certain sales 
(for apportionment purposes) (see instructions) 
A 
MCTD 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Sales of loans secured by real property  
Sales of loans not secured by real property  
Sales of other asset-backed securities  
Sales of corporate bonds 
Sales of physical commodities  
Marked to market net gain or loss from deemed sales (for apportionment purposes) 
Of loans secured by real property  
Of loans not secured by real property 
Of federal debt instruments 
Of New York State and its political subdivisions debt instruments  
Of other states and their political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of government agency debt or assetbacked securities (through exchange)  
Of all other asset-backed securities  
Of corporate bonds through licensed exchange or broker/dealer 
Of other corporate bonds 
Of physical commodities  
Of other fnancial instruments of one type  
Items related to repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending agreements 
Value of reverse repurchase agreements when partnership is purchaser/lender  
Value of borrowing agreements when partnership is securities borrower  
Value of repurchase agreements when partnership is seller/borrower  
Value of lending agreements when partnership is securities lender 
Interest income from reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements  
Interest expense from repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements  
117 01116 10 19 III nu 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806353
--- PAGE 242 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
NY IT-204-CP 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
DESCRIPTION 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS (50%) 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204-CP, PAGE 7, LINE 56 
AMOUNT FROM 
NY 
FEDERAL 
STATE 
SCHEDULE K-1 
AMOUNT 
5,255. 
3,721. 
5,255. 
3,721. 
NY IT-204-CP 
OTHER ITEMS REQUIRED TO BE REPORTED SEPARATELY 
DESCRIPTION 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204-CP, PAGE 7, LINE 60 
AMOUNT FROM 
NEW YORK 
FEDERAL 
STATE 
SCHEDULE K-1 
AMOUNT 
6,707. 
4,749. 
6,707. 
4,749. 
PARTNER NUMBER 1 
EFTA00806354
--- PAGE 243 ---
r
iNEW 
YORK 
 STATE 
2016 
Department of Taxation and Finance 
New York Corporate Partner's 
Schedule K-1 
Tax Law - Article 9-A 
For calendar year 2016 or tax year beginning 
01012016 and ending 12312016 
I
T
.
-
C
P
El Final K-1 
El Amended K-1 
Partners: Before completing your franchise tax return, see Form IT•204-CP.I. Partner's Instructions for Form IT-204-CP (available at www.tax.ny.gov). 
Partnership's information 
Partnership's name (as shown on Form IT•204) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Partnership's EIN 
133495607 
A Mark an X in the box if either applies to your entity 
Publicly traded partnership 
Portfolio investment partnership 
B Tax shelter registration number. if any  
 B 
Partner's information (see instructions) 
Partners name 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. CIO NEXT MA 
Partner's address 
WATTS STREET 
Partners EIN 
133501977 
City 
NEW YORK 
State 
NY 
ZIP code 
10013 
C The partner is a kriath on X In Me appropriate box) 
ULI General partner or LLC Inembermanager 
U
Limited partner or other LLC member 
I) What is the New York tax filing status of the partner? (Mark an X in the appropriate box, if known.) 
K 
C corporation 
❑S corporation 
El 
Partnership 
E If the partner is a disregarded entity, enter the EIN of the entity reporting the income of 
the partner (if known) 
F Did the partner sell its entire interest during the tax year?  
G Partners share of profit, loss, and capital 
1) Profit  
 G1 
2) Loss  
 G2 
3) Capital  
 G3 
H Partners share of liabilities at the end of the year 
1) Nonrecourse  
2) Qualified nonrecourse financing 
3) Recourse 
I 
Partner's capital account analysis 
1) Beginning capital account  
2) Capital contributed during the year • cash  
3) Capital contributed during the year • property  
4) Current year increase (decrease)  
5) Withdrawals and distributions • cash  
6) Withdrawals and distributions • property 
7) Ending capital account  
8) Method of accounting mark an X in theeppropnate bo. 
El Tax basis 
GAAP 
117001161019 III11111 
Other (submit explanation) 
Beginning 
31.0001
31.0000 
31.00004v 
F Yes K 
H1 
H2 
H3 
O 
O 
ti
rn 
No M 
Ending
31.0000% 
31.0000% 
31.0000% 
296929 
5567586 
363187 
852000 
697500 
517687 
EFTA00806355
--- PAGE 244 ---
CE.52, V•'3.16 
Page 2 of 11 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
J Was Form CT•265&E filed with the partnership? 
J Yes El 
No 
K NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (from RIM CT-2658) 
Date 
Amount 
3) Third installment  
2) Second installment  
K3  
4) Fourth installment  
 K4 
K 
K2  
1) First installment 
Total NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (add fines Kt through K4) 
K 
Partner's share of entire net income (ENI) information when the corporate partner's New York tax filing 
status is a C corporation 
ENI addition modifications 
Total additions 
lb 
ic 
A - Number 
EA-
EA-
EA -
B - Amount 
ENI subtraction modifications 
Total subtractions 
2a 
2b 
2c 
A - Number 
ES - 
ES - 
ES - 
B-AmoJnt 
td 
to 
2d 
2e 
A - Number 
EA - 
EA - 
EA - 
A - Number 
ES - 
ES - 
ES - 
B - Amount 
B - Amount 
Partner's proportionate part of assets and liabilities(for New York 
corporate partners only) 
Total assets  
Real property and marketable securities included on line 3  
Real property and marketable securities at fair market value (FMV)  
Average value of adjusted total assets  
Total liabilities  
Liabilities directly attributable to business capital  
Liabilities directly attributable to investment capital  
MI MI MI 1111111
21161 ill' III II III 
Average value 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806356
--- PAGE 245 ---
688831 12-13.16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 3 of 11 
Partner's proportionate part of items related to investment capital under Article 9-A(forNew York 
C corporate partners only) 
Part 1 - Investment capital that generates income claimed not taxable by New York under the U.S. Constitution 
Description of asset (identify each asset, and enter number ol shares (if applicable) and date acquired here; for each asset complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter omy directly owned assets in items A through G) 
• 
• 
ror eacn nem "mei]. in columns r tnrouon t . enter me imormation tor me parmersnip as a wnore 
Item 
A • Description of asset 
B • Number of shares 
acquired, if applicable 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
Number of 
shares sold. if applicable 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions)  
Part 2 • Investment capital • stocks actually held more than one year 
Description of Investment (identitY each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B - Number of shares 
acquired 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
Total proportionate part of colurms F 
and G (see instructions)  
IIIIIIIIII11111111161111111111
111111 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806357
--- PAGE 246 ---
Page 4 of 11 
IT-209-CP (2016) 
Part 3 - Investment capital - stocks presumed held more than one year 
Description of Investment (identitY each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns F 
and G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
6438832 12.13.16 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B - Number of shares 
acquired 
C • Date =wires 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
Part 4 - Total Investment capital 
Total average FMV and liabilities directly attributable 
(add lines 10, 11. and 12 in columns F and G) 
Part 6 - Prior year Investment capital - stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Description of Investment (identify each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
' 
• 
rcr eacn nem owed. in columns X tnrouqn t.i. enter me imormation for me parrnersnip as a wnoie. 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B - Number of shares 
acquired 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
ROM 
D 
Number of 
shares solo 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average FMV 
as previously reported 
G 
Liabilities directly attributable 
as previously reported 
H 
I 1 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
. .
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
IIII MI iiill/161111111111 
II HI 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806358
--- PAGE 247 ---
688841 17-13.16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 5 of 11 
Part 6 - Prior year gross investment income for stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Prior year presumed gross investment income from stocks presumed in the prior year to 
be held more than one year that failed to meet the presumption (see Instructions)  
Partner's share of items related to investment and other exempt income under Article 9-A(for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Gross exempt crossarticle dividends  
Gross exempt controlled foreign corporation (CFC) Income  
Gross exempt unitary corporation dividends 
Gross investment income from investments generating income not taxable by New York 
State under the U.S. Constitution  
Dividend Income from investment capital from stocks actually held more than one year  
Net capital gains in excess of losses from investment capital from stocks actually held more 
than one year 
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks presumed held more than one year  
Partner's share of items related to interest deductions directly attributable to investment and other 
exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Interest expense per federal Form 1065. line 15  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 16  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 17 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 18  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 19  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 20  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 21 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 22  
Interest deductions directly attributable to business capital  
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to subtraction modification for qualified banks 
Qualified residential loan portfolio assets  
Gross interest income from qualifying loans  
33a Gross interest income from all loans 
33a 
33b Gross interest expense from all loans  
331) 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to manufacturing 
35a Number of employees employed in manufacturing in New York  
Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property  
gas, and the production of steam associated with the generation of electricity  
E35
Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing  
34a Receipts received from the generation and distribution of electricity, the distribution of natural 
117005161019 
III IIII III I II II IIII I VIII I III II III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806359
--- PAGE 248 ---
686842 12.13.16 
Page 6 of t t 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Partner's share of New York modifications (for New York S corporate panners only) 
Now York State additions 
Number 
A- Total amount 
36a 
EA -214 
8950 
36b 
EA -201 
5523 
36c 
EA -201 
34282 
36d 
EA - 
36c 
EA - 
361 
EA - 
Total addition modifications (total of column A, lines 36a through 360  
48755 
New York State subtractions 
Number 
A - Total amount 
38a 
Es -213 
1439 
38b 
ES - 
38c 
ES - 
38d 
ES - 
38e 
ES - 
381 
ES - 
Total subtraction modifications (total of column A, lines 38a through 380 
1439 
4O 
Additions to federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
40a 
40b 
40c 
40d 
40c 
4O1 
Total additions to federal itemized deductions (add lines 40a through 40t)  
Subtractions from federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
42a 
42b 
42c 
42d 
42c 
421 
Total subtractions from federal itemized deductions (add lines 42a through 420 
IIII MI I III1111111
611 1
61111I III II III 
Iqr 
1f J.+ 01 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806360
--- PAGE 249 ---
68,31103 17-13-16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 7 of 11 
Partner's share of income, deductions, etc. (from federal Form 1065. Schedule K-1) 
Partner's distributive share items 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
775137 
Net rental real estate income (loss)  
Other net rental income (loss)  
Guaranteed payments  
Interest income 
4950 
Ordinary dividends  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss)  
Net longterm capital gain (loss)  
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income (loss)  
Identify: 
Section 179 deduction  
20002 
Other deductions (see instructions)  
3879 
Identify: 
SEE STATEMENT 
Taxexempt income and nondeductible expenses (see instructions)  
39623 
Distributions • cash and marketable securities  
697500 
Distributions • other property  
Other Items not inckrded above that are required to be reported separately to partners  
4950 
Identify: 
SEE STATEMENT 
Partner's credit information (see instructions) 
Part 1 - Flow-through credit bases and information 
Brownfield redevelopment tax credit (Form CT-611. F01771CT-611.1. or Form CT-611.2) 
Site preparation credit component  
Tangible property credit component 
On•site groundwater remediatica credit component 
EZ capital tax credit (Form CT-602) 
Recapture of credit for investments in certified EZ businesses 
Recapture of credit for contributions of money to EZ community development projects  
QEZE tax reduction credit (Form CT-604-CP) 
QEZE employment increase factor  
QEZE zone allocation factor 
QEZE benefit period factor  
Excelsior jobs program tax credit (Form CT-607) 
Excelsior jobs tax credit component 
Excelsior investment tax credit component  
Excelsior research and development tax credit component  
Excelsior real property tax credit component  
A - Form CT-611 
B - Form CT-611A 
C - Form CT-611.2 
III III 
Hi Hill 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806361
--- PAGE 250 ---
Page 8 of 11 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
GRES44 $2•• 
fi
Partner's credit information (continued) 
Farmers' school tax credit (Form CT-47) 
Acres of qualified agricultural property 
Acres of qualified conservation property 
Eligible school district property taxes paid 
Acres of qualified agricultural property converted to nonqualified use  
Other flow-through credit bases and information 
Credit bases 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
77a 
77d 
77b 
77e 
77c 
77f 
Credit information 
Code 
Information 
Code 
Information 
77g 
77j 
77h 
77k 
77i 
771 
Part 2 - Flow-through credits, addbacks, and recaptures 
Flowthrough credits 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
78a 
78e 
78b 
78f 
78c 
78g 
78d 
78h 
Addbacks of credits and recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
79d 
79b 
79e 
79c 
79f 
Part 3 - START-UP NY tax elimination credit information(Rvm CT-638) 
STARTUP NY business certificate number (Form DTF-74) 
Year of STARTUP NY business tax benefit period 
STARTUP NY area allocation factor 
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) information 
Part 1 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in New York State? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
 Yes El 
No 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in the MCTD? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
Yes El 
No 
Average value of property 
A - MCTD 
B - New York State 
Real estate owned  
Real estate rented  
Inventories owned  
Tangible personal property owned  
Tangible personal property rented 
III IIII III I II III III I VIII I III II III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806362
--- PAGE 251 ---
684845 12-13-14 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 9 of 11 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
Section 210-A.2 
Sales of tangible personal property  
Sales of electricity  
Net gains from sales of real property 
Section 210-A.3 
Rentals of real and tangible personal property 
Royalties from patents. copyrights, trademarks, 
and similar intangible personal property  
Sales of rights for certain cbsecicircuit and 
cable TV transmissions of an event  
Section 210-A.4 
Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products  
7a Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products  
This line intentionally left blank  
Section 210-A.5(aX2XA) 
Interest from loans secured by real property 
Net gains from sales of loans secured by real property
Interest from loans not secured by real property 
Net gains from sales of loans not secured by 
real property D 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XB) 
K 
Interest from federal debt  
A 
PACTD 
B 
Now York State 
C 
Everywhere 
7a 
Interest from NYS and its political subdivisions debt 
Net gains from federal, NYS, and NYS political subdivisions debt 
Interest from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Net gains from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XC) 
K 
Interest from asset-backed securities and other 
government agency debt 
Net gains from government agency debt or 
asset-backed securities sold through an exchange  
Net gains from all other asset-backed securities 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XD) 
Interest from corporate bonds  
Net gains from corporate bonds sold through 
broker/dealer or licensed exchange  
Net gains from other corporate bonds 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XE) 
Net Interest from reverse repurchase and 
securities borrowing agreements 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XF) 
Net interest from federal funds  
Section 210-A.5(aX2X0
Net income from sales of physical commodities  
Section 210-A.5(aX2XJ) D 
Marked to market net gains  
117009161019 
III IIII III 1 III II III 111111
III H III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806363
--- PAGE 252 ---
Page 10 of 11 IT-204-CP (2016) 
648846 12.13.1E 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
A 
ric ' u 
B 
New York State 
c 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(aX2Xii) 
210-A.5(aX2XG) 
Interest from other financial 
Net gains from other financial 
30a Net gains from other financial 
(broker/dealer/exchange)  
30b Other income from other 
30c Other income from other 
(broker/dealer/exchange)  
30d Dividends from stock that 
30e Net gains from sales of 
301 Net gains from sales of 
H
financial 
financial 
is 
stock 
partnership 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
business capital  
30a 
30b 
30c 
30d 
that is business capital  
30e 
interests  
30f 
Section 210-A.5(b) 
Brokerage commissions 
Margin interest earned 
Fees for advisory services 
or management of underwriting  
Receipts from primary 
Receipts from account 
Fees for management 
Interest from an affiliated 
on behalf 
for 
spread 
maintenance 
or advisory 
corporation  
of brokerage accounts 
underwriting 
of seling concessions 
fees  
services  
Section 210-A.5(c) 
Interest, fees, and penalties 
Service charges and fees 
Receipts from merchant 
Receipts from credit card 
settlement processing 
Other credit card processing 
from 
discounts  
authorizations 
from credit cards  
credit cards  
and 
receipts ,,, ,,, ,,,,,,,,, ,,, , , 
Section 210-A.5(d) 
Receipts from certain services to investment companies 
Section 210-AB 
Receipts from railroad and trucking business 
Section 210-AB-a 
Receipts from the operation of vessels 
Section 210-Al 
Receipts from air freight forwarding  
Receipts from other aviation 
services  
Section 210-AS 
Advertising in newspapers 
Advertising on television or 
Advertising via other means 
or periodicals  
radio  
Section 210-A.9 
Transportation or transmission of gas through pipes 
Section 210-A.10 
Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
4539622 
6735464 
62a 
117010161019 
III IIII III1IIII1III111111
1III II III 
k fir. 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806364
--- PAGE 253 ---
688447 12-13-16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 11 of 11 
Payroll 
A
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Wages and other compensation of employees except general executive officers 
2703624 
Average number of individuals employed full time in New York State (excluding employees with 
partnership-wide authority)  
Gross proceeds or receipts from certain sales 
(for apportionment purposes) (see instructions) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Sales of loans secured by real property  
Sales of loans not secured by real property  
Sales of other asset-backed securities  
Sales of corporate bonds 
Sales of physical commodities  
Marked to market net gain or loss from deemed sales (for apportionment purposes) 
Of loans secured by real property  
Of loans not secured by real property 
Of federal debt instruments 
Of New York State and its political subdivisions debt instruments  
Of other states and their political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of government agency debt or assetbacked securities (through exchange)  
Of all other asset-backed securities  
Of corporate bonds through licensed exchange or broker/dealer 
Of other corporate bonds 
Of physical commodities  
Of other fnancial instruments of one type  
Items related to repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending agreements 
Value of reverse repurchase agreements when partnership is purchaserAender  
Value of borrowing agreements when partnership is securities borrower  
Value of repurchase agreements when partnership is seller/borrower  
Value of lending agreements when partnership is securities lender 
Interest income from reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements  
Interest expense from repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements  
117 01116 10 19 III nu 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806365
--- PAGE 254 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
NY IT-204-CP 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
DESCRIPTION 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS (50%) 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204-CP, PAGE 7, LINE 56 
AMOUNT FROM 
NY 
FEDERAL 
STATE 
SCHEDULE K-1 
AMOUNT 
3,879. 
2,746. 
3,879. 
2,746. 
NY IT-204-CP 
OTHER ITEMS REQUIRED TO BE REPORTED SEPARATELY 
DESCRIPTION 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204-CP, PAGE 7, LINE 60 
AMOUNT FROM 
NEW YORK 
FEDERAL 
STATE 
SCHEDULE K-1 
AMOUNT 
4,950. 
3,505. 
4,950. 
3,505. 
PARTNER NUMBER 2 
EFTA00806366
--- PAGE 255 ---
NEW 
YORK 
 STATE 
2016 
Department of Taxation and Finance 
New York Corporate Partner's 
Schedule K-1 
Tax Law - Article 9-A 
For calendar year 2016 or tax year beginning 
01012016 and ending 12312016 
I
T
.
-
C
P
El Final K-1 
El Amended K-1 
Partners: Before completing your franchise tax return, see Form IT•204CP.I. Partner's Instructions lot Form IT-204-CP (available at www.tax.ny.gov). 
Partnership's information 
Partnership's name (as shown on Form IT•204) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Partnership's EIN 
133495607 
A Mark an X in the box if either applies to your entity 
Publicly traded partnership 
Portfolio investment partnership 
B Tax shelter registration number. if any  
Partner's information (see instructions) 
Partner's name 
THE WILCOR GROUP INC. CIO NEXT MANAGE 
Partner's EIN 
133682060 
ti
rn 
fO 
O
Partner's address 
WATTS STREET 
Limited partner or other LLC member 
City 
NEW YORK 
State 
NY 
ZIP code 
10013 
C The partner is a mark on X In Me aPprOPrete bOx) W General partner or LLC rnember.manager 
U 
D What is the New York tax filing status of the partner? (Mark an X in the appropriate box, if known.) 
K 
C corporation 
❑S corporation 
El 
Partnership 
E If the partner is a disregarded entity, enter the EIN of the entity reporting the Income of 
the partner (if known) 
F Did the partner sell its entire interest during the tax year?  
G Partner's share of profit, loss, and capital 
F 
Yes K 
No M 
Beginnin g 
Ending 
O 
O 
1) Profit  
 G1 
2) Loss  
 G2 
3) Capital  
 G3 
27.0000% 
27.0000% 
27.0000% 
H Partner's share of kabilaies at the end of the year 
1) Nonrecourse  
 H1 
2) Qualified nonrecolose financing 
 H2 
3) Recourse 
 H3 
I 
Partner's capital account analysis 
1) Beginning capital account  
2) Capital contributed during the year • cash  
3) Capital contributed during the year • property  
4) Current year increase (decrease)  
5) Withdrawals and distributions • cash  
6) Withdrawals and distributions • property 
7) Ending capital account  
8) Method of accounting mark an X in the
propriate bo. 
El Tax basis 
GAAP 
117001161019 III11111 
Other (submit explanation) 
27.0000% 
27.0000% 
27.0000% 
258615 
4849188 
316326 
742064 
607500 
450890 
EFTA00806367
--- PAGE 256 ---
CE.52, V•'3.16 
Page 2 of 11 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
J Was Form CT•265&E filed with the partnership? 
J Yes El 
No 
K NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (from RIM CT-2658) 
Date 
Amount 
3) Third installment  
2) Second installment  
K3  
4) Fourth installment  
 K4 
K 
K2  
1) First installment 
Total NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (add fines Kt through K4) 
K 
Partner's share of entire net income (ENI) information when the corporate partner's New York tax filing 
status is a C corporation 
ENI addition modifications 
Total additions 
lb 
ic 
A - Number 
EA-
EA-
EA -
B - Amount 
ENI subtraction modifications 
Total subtractions 
2a 
2b 
2c 
A - Number 
ES - 
ES - 
ES - 
B-AmoJnt 
td 
to 
2d 
2e 
A - Number 
EA - 
EA - 
EA - 
A - Number 
ES - 
ES - 
ES - 
B - Amount 
B - Amount 
Partner's proportionate part of assets and liabilities(for New York 
corporate partners only) 
Total assets  
Real property and marketable securities included on line 3  
Real property and marketable securities at fair market value (FMV)  
Average value of adjusted total assets  
Total liabilities  
Liabilities directly attributable to business capital  
Liabilities directly attributable to investment capital  
MI MI MI 1111111
21161 ill' III II III 
Average value 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806368
--- PAGE 257 ---
688831 12-13.16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 3 of 11 
Partner's proportionate part of items related to investment capital under Article 9-A(forNew York 
C corporate partners only) 
Part 1 - Investment capital that generates income claimed not taxable by New York under the U.S. Constitution 
Description of asset (identify each asset, and enter number ol shares (if applicable) and date acquired here; for each asset complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter omy directly owned assets in items A through G) 
• 
• 
ror eacn nem "mei]. in columns r tnrouon t . enter me imormation tor me parmersnip as a wnore 
Item 
A • Description of asset 
B • Number of shares 
acquired, if applicable 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
Number of 
shares sold. if applicable 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions)  
Part 2 • Investment capital • stocks actually held more than one year 
Description of Investment (identitY each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B - Number of shares 
acquired 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
Total proportionate part of colurms F 
and G (see instructions)  
IIIIIIIIII11111111161111111111
111111 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806369
--- PAGE 258 ---
Page 4 of 11 
IT-209-CP (2016) 
Part 3 - Investment capital - stocks presumed held more than one year 
Description of Investment (identitY each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns F 
and G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
6438832 12.13.16 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B - Number of shares 
acquired 
C • Date =wires 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
Part 4 - Total Investment capital 
Total average FMV and liabilities directly attributable 
(add lines 10, 11. and 12 in columns F and G) 
Part 6 - Prior year Investment capital - stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Description of Investment (identify each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here; for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below; enter only directly owned investments in items A through G) 
' 
• 
rcr eacn nem owed. in columns X tnrouqn t.i. enter me imormation for me parrnersnip as a wnoie. 
Item 
A • Name/CUSIP/CINSAot number 
B - Number of shares 
acquired 
C • Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
ROM 
D 
Number of 
shares solo 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average FMV 
as previously reported 
G 
Liabilities directly attributable 
as previously reported 
H 
I 1 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) and/or partnerships 
. .
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
IIII MI iiill/161111111111 
II HI 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806370
--- PAGE 259 ---
688841 17-13.16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 5 of 11 
Part 6 - Prior year gross investment income for stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Prior year presumed gross investment income from stocks presumed in the prior year to 
be held more than one year that failed to meet the presumption (see Instructions)  
Partner's share of items related to investment and other exempt income under Article 9-A(for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Gross exempt crossarticle dividends  
Gross exempt controlled foreign corporation (CFC) Income  
Gross exempt unitary corporation dividends 
Gross investment income from investments generating income not taxable by New York 
State under the U.S. Constitution  
Dividend Income from investment capital from stocks actually held more than one year  
Net capital gains in excess of losses from investment capital from stocks actually held more 
than one year 
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks presumed held more than one year  
Partner's share of items related to interest deductions directly attributable to investment and other 
exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Interest expense per federal Form 1065. line 15  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 16  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 17 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 18  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 19  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 20  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 21 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 22  
Interest deductions directly attributable to business capital  
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to subtraction modification for qualified banks 
Qualified residential loan portfolio assets  
Gross interest income from qualifying loans  
33a Gross interest income from all loans 
33a 
33b Gross interest expense from all loans  
331) 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to manufacturing 
35a Number of employees employed in manufacturing in New York  
Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property  
gas, and the production of steam associated with the generation of electricity  
E35
Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing  
34a Receipts received from the generation and distribution of electricity, the distribution of natural 
117005161019 
III IIII III I II II IIII I VIII I III II III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806371
--- PAGE 260 ---
686842 12.13.16 
Page 6 of t t 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Partner's share of New York modifications (tor New York S corporate panners only) 
Now York State additions 
Number 
A- Total amount 
36a 
EA -214 
7795 
36b 
EA -201 
4810 
36c 
EA -201 
29858 
36d 
EA - 
36c 
EA - 
361 
EA - 
Total addition modifications (total of column A, lines 36a through 360  
42463 
New York State subtractions 
Number 
A - Total amount 
38a 
Es -213 
1253 
38b 
ES - 
38c 
ES - 
38d 
ES - 
38c 
ES - 
381 
ES - 
Total subtraction modifications (total of column A, fines 38a through 380 
1253 
Additions to federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
40a 
40b 
40c 
40d 
40c 
401 
Total additions to federal itemized deductions (add lines 40a through 40t)  
Subtractions from federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
42a 
42b 
42c 
42d 
42c 
421 
Total subtractions from federal itemized deductions (add lines 42a through 420 
IIII MI I III1111111
611 1
61111I III II III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806372
--- PAGE 261 ---
68,31103 17-13-16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 7 of 11 
Partner's share of income, deductions, etc. (from federal Form 1065. Schedule K-1) 
Partner's distributive share items 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
675119 
Net rental real estate income (loss)  
Other net rental income (loss)  
Guaranteed payments  
Interest income 
4311 
Ordinary dividends  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss)  
Net longterm capital gain (loss)  
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income (loss)  
Identify: 
Section 179 deduction  
17421 
Other deductions (see instructions)  
3378 
Identify: 
SEE STATEMENT 
Taxexempt income and nondeductible expenses (see instructions)  
34511 
Distributions • cash and marketable securities  
607500 
Distributions • other property  
Other Items not inckrded above that are required to be reported separately to partners  
4311 
Identify: 
SEE STATEMENT 
Partner's credit information (see instructions) 
Part 1 - Flow-through credit bases and information 
Brownfield redevelopment tax credit (Form CT-611. F01771CT-611.1. or Form CT-611.2) 
Site preparation credit component  
Tangible property credit component 
On•site groundwater remediatica credit component 
EZ capital tax credit (Form CT-602) 
Recapture of credit for investments in certified EZ businesses 
Recapture of credit for contributions of money to EZ community development projects  
QEZE tax reduction credit (Form CT-604-CP) 
QEZE employment increase factor  
QEZE zone allocation factor 
QEZE benefit period factor  
Excelsior jobs program tax credit (Form CT-607) 
Excelsior jobs tax credit component 
Excelsior investment tax credit component  
Excelsior research and development tax credit component  
Excelsior real property tax credit component  
A - Form CT-611 
B - Form CT-611A 
C - Form CT-611.2 
III III 
Hi Hill 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806373
--- PAGE 262 ---
Page 8 of 11 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
GRES44 $2•• 
fi
Partner's credit information (continued) 
Farmers' school tax credit (Form CT-47) 
Acres of qualified agricultural property 
Acres of qualified conservation property 
Eligible school district property taxes paid 
Acres of qualified agricultural property converted to nonqualified use  
Other flow-through credit bases and information 
Credit bases 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
77a 
77d 
77b 
77e 
77c 
77f 
Credit information 
Code 
Information 
Code 
Information 
77g 
77j 
77h 
77k 
77i 
771 
Part 2 - Flow-through credits, addbacks, and recaptures 
Flowthrough credits 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
78a 
78e 
78b 
78f 
78c 
78g 
78d 
78h 
Addbacks of credits and recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
79d 
79b 
79e 
79c 
79f 
Part 3 - START-UP NY tax elimination credit information(Rvm CT-638) 
STARTUP NY business certificate number (Form DTF-74) 
Year of STARTUP NY business tax benefit period 
STARTUP NY area allocation factor 
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) information 
Part 1 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in New York State? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
 Yes El 
No 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in the MCTD? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
Yes El 
No 
Average value of property 
A - MCTD 
B - New York State 
Real estate owned  
Real estate rented  
Inventories owned  
Tangible personal property owned  
Tangible personal property rented 
III IIII III I II III III I VIII I III II III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806374
--- PAGE 263 ---
684845 12-13-14 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 9 of 11 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
Section 210-A.2 
Sales of tangible personal property  
Sales of electricity  
Net gains from sales of real property 
Section 210-A.3 
Rentals of real and tangible personal property 
Royalties from patents. copyrights, trademarks, 
and similar intangible personal property  
Sales of rights for certain cbsecicircuit and 
cable TV transmissions of an event  
Section 210-A.4 
Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products  
7a Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products  
This line intentionally left blank  
Section 210-A.5(aX2XA) 
Interest from loans secured by real property 
Net gains from sales of loans secured by real property
Interest from loans not secured by real property 
Net gains from sales of loans not secured by 
real property D 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XB) 
K 
Interest from federal debt  
A 
PACTD 
B 
Now York State 
C 
Everywhere 
7a 
Interest from NYS and its political subdivisions debt 
Net gains from federal, NYS, and NYS political subdivisions debt 
Interest from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Net gains from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XC) 
K 
Interest from asset-backed securities and other 
government agency debt 
Net gains from government agency debt or 
asset-backed securities sold through an exchange  
Net gains from all other asset-backed securities 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XD) 
Interest from corporate bonds  
Net gains from corporate bonds sold through 
broker/dealer or licensed exchange  
Net gains from other corporate bonds 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XE) 
Net Interest from reverse repurchase and 
securities borrowing agreements 
Section 210-A.5(aX2XF) 
Net interest from federal funds  
Section 210-A.5(aX2X0
Net income from sales of physical commodities  
Section 210-A.5(aX2XJ) D 
Marked to market net gains  
117009161019 
III IIII III 1 III II III 111111
III H III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806375
--- PAGE 264 ---
Page 10 of 11 IT-204-CP (2016) 
648846 12.13.1E 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
A 
ric ' u 
B 
New York State 
c 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(aX2Xii) 
210-A.5(aX2XG) 
Interest from other financial 
Net gains from other financial 
30a Net gains from other financial 
(broker/dealer/exchange)  
30b Other income from other 
30c Other income from other 
(broker/dealer/exchange)  
30d Dividends from stock that 
30e Net gains from sales of 
301 Net gains from sales of 
H
financial 
financial 
is 
stock 
partnership 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
instruments 
business capital  
30a 
30b 
30c 
30d 
that is business capital  
30e 
interests  
30f 
Section 210-A.5(b) 
Brokerage commissions 
Margin interest earned 
Fees for advisory services 
or management of underwriting  
Receipts from primary 
Receipts from account 
Fees for management 
Interest from an affiliated 
on behalf 
for 
spread 
maintenance 
or advisory 
corporation  
of brokerage accounts 
underwriting 
of seling concessions 
fees  
services  
Section 210-A.5(c) 
Interest, fees, and penalties 
Service charges and fees 
Receipts from merchant 
Receipts from credit card 
settlement processing 
Other credit card processing 
from 
discounts  
authorizations 
from credit cards  
credit cards  
and 
receipts ,,, ,,, ,,,,,,,,, ,,, , , 
Section 210-A.5(d) 
Receipts from certain services to investment companies 
Section 210-A6 
Receipts from railroad and trucking business 
Section 210-AA-a 
Receipts from the operation of vessels 
Section 210-Al 
Receipts from air freight forwarding  
Receipts from other aviation 
services  
Section 210-AS 
Advertising in newspapers 
Advertising on television or 
Advertising via other means 
or periodicals  
radio  
Section 210-A.9 
Transportation or transmission of gas through pipes 
Section 210-A.10 
Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
3953864 
5866372 
62a 
III 
11111111
6111il III II III 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806376
--- PAGE 265 ---
688447 12-13-16 
IT-204-CP (2016) 
Page 11 of 11 
Payroll 
A
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Wages and other compensation of employees except general executive officers 
2354770 
Average number of individuals employed full time in New York State (excluding employees with 
partnership-wide authority)  
Gross proceeds or receipts from certain sales 
(for apportionment purposes) (see instructions) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Sales of loans secured by real property  
Sales of loans not secured by real property  
Sales of other asset-backed securities  
Sales of corporate bonds 
Sales of physical commodities  
Marked to market net gain or loss from deemed sales (for apportionment purposes) 
Of loans secured by real property  
Of loans not secured by real property 
Of federal debt instruments 
Of New York State and its political subdivisions debt instruments  
Of other states and their political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of government agency debt or assetbacked securities (through exchange)  
Of all other asset-backed securities  
Of corporate bonds through licensed exchange or broker/dealer 
Of other corporate bonds 
Of physical commodities  
Of other fnancial instruments of one type  
Items related to repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending agreements 
Value of reverse repurchase agreements when partnership is purchaserAender  
Value of borrowing agreements when partnership is securities borrower  
Value of repurchase agreements when partnership is seller/borrower  
Value of lending agreements when partnership is securities lender 
Interest income from reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements  
Interest expense from repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements  
117 01116 10 19 III nu 
NO HANDWRITTEN ENTRIES ON THIS FORM 
EFTA00806377
--- PAGE 266 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
NY IT-204-CP 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
DESCRIPTION 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS (50%) 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204-CP, PAGE 7, LINE 56 
AMOUNT FROM 
NY 
FEDERAL 
STATE 
SCHEDULE K-1 
AMOUNT 
3,378. 
2,392. 
3,378. 
2,392. 
NY IT-204-CP 
OTHER ITEMS REQUIRED TO BE REPORTED SEPARATELY 
DESCRIPTION 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
TOTAL TO FORM IT-204-CP, PAGE 7, LINE 60 
AMOUNT FROM 
NEW YORK 
FEDERAL 
STATE 
SCHEDULE K-1 
AMOUNT 
4,311. 
3,052. 
4,311. 
3,052. 
PARTNER NUMBER 3 
EFTA00806378
--- PAGE 267 ---
2016 TAX RETURN FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
NEW YORK CITY FORM NYC-204 
FOR THE YEAR ENDING 
DECEMBER 31, 2016 
Prepared for 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Prepared by 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10016-1901 
To be signed and 
dated by 
A MEMBER OF THE LLC 
Amount of tax 
Total tax 
$  
149 047.00 
Less: payments and credits 
$  
179,304.00
Plus: other amount 
S  
0.00 
Plus: interest and penalties 
S  
0.00 
OVERPAYMENT 
s  
257.00 
Overpayment 
Credited to your estimated tax 
$  
30,257.00
Other amount 
$ 
0.00
Refunded to you 
$ 
0.00
Mailtaxreum 
and check (if 
mvilicablOto 
THIS RETURN HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR ELECTRONIC FILING. IF YOU 
WISH TO HAVE IT TRANSMITTED TO THE NYC DOF, PLEASE SIGN, DATE 
AND RETURN NYC-579-UBTP TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL THEN SUBMIT THE 
ELECTRONIC RETURN TO THE NYC DOF. 
Forms to be 
distributed 
to partners 
ENCLOSED ARE COPIES OF SCHEDULE K-1 TO BE DISTRIBUTED TO THE 
MEMBERS. 
Return must be 
mailed on 
or before 
RETURN NYC-579-UBTP TO US BY SEPTEMBER 15, 2017. 
Special 
Instructions 
DO NOT MAIL THE PAPER COPY OF THE RETURN TO THE NYC DOF. 
610142 04.01.16 
EFTA00806379
--- PAGE 268 ---
2017 ESTIMATED TAX FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
NEW YORK CITY FORM NYC 5UB 
FOR THE YEAR ENDING 
DECEMBER 31, 2017 
Prepared for 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Prepared by 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10016-1901 
Amount of tax 
Total Estimated Tax 
S 
149,060 
Less credit from prior year 
S 
30,257 
Less amount already paid on 2017 estimate 
S 
29,700 
Balance due 
S 
89,103 
Payable in full or In Installments as follows: 
Installment 
Amount 
Due Date 
No. 1 
$ NOT APPLICABLE 
No. 2 
$ NOT APPLICABLE 
No. 3 
$  
51,833 
SEPTEMBER 15, 2017 
No. 4 
$  
37,270 
JANUARY 16, 2018 
Make check 
payable to 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
Mail voucher 
and check (if 
applicable) to 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
P.O. BOX 3923 
NEW YORK, NY 
10008-3923 
Special 
Instructions 
600001 04-01.16 
EFTA00806380
--- PAGE 269 ---
NYC 
,:r",7:::" 
NYC 
579-UBTP 
NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
2016 
Signature Authorization for 
E-Filed Unincorporated Business Tax Return for Partnerships 
ELECTRONIC RETURN ORIGINATORS (ER0): DO NOT MAIL THIS FORM TO THE DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE. KEEP THIS FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
LEGAL NAME OF PARTNERSHIP: 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 
13-3495607 
EMAIL ADDRESS: 
TYPE OF FORM: 
NYC.EXT 
NYC.5U8 
X NYC204 
NYC204EZ 
Financial Institution Information . must be included if electronic payment is authorized 
AMOUNT OF AUTHORIZED DEBIT: 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION ROUTING NUMBER: 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
Part A - Declaration and authorization of Partner or limited liability company member manager 
Under penalty 
information on 
and statements 
has my consent 
York City Department 
City electronically 
document indicated 
York City Department 
indicated on 
debit the amount 
X 
lauthori 
as my 
_ 
Asa 
Unincorporated 
of perjury. I declare that I am the general partner or limited liability company manager 
its 2016 New York City electronically filed Unincorporated Business Tax return, including 
or other report and to the best of my knowledge and belief, the electronically filed 
to send the 2016 New York City electronically filed Unincorporated Business Tax 
of Finance through the Internal Revenue Service. I authorize the ERO to enter 
filed Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report, as indicated above 
above. If I am paying the New York City Unincorporated Business Tax owed 
of Finance and its designated financial agents to initiate an electronic funds 
the Partnership's electronically filed the Unincorporated Business Tax return or other 
from that account. 
n SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
to enter 
of the 
document 
return 
my 
or I will enter 
by electronic 
withdrawal 
report, 
my 
other report, 
my signature 
taxpayer and that I have examined 
any accompanying schedules, 
is true. correct and complete. 
or other report checked above 
PIN as my signature on the 2016 
my PIN as my signature on 
funds withdrawal, I authorize 
from the financial institution 
and I authorize the financial 
PIN: 13471 
the 
attachments 
The ERO 
to the New 
New York 
the 
the New 
account 
institution to 
2016 
ENO NINA NAME 
signature on the electronically filed 2016 Unincorporated Business Tax return or 
general partner or limited liability company member manager, I will enter my PIN as 
Business Tax return or other report, as indicated above. 
PRESIDENT OF MEMBER 
as indicated above. 
on the electronically filed 
MG 
Signature of General Partner or Limited Liability 
Official title 
Date 
Company Member Manager 
Part B - Declaration of electronic return originator (ERO) and paid preparer 
Under penalty of perjury, I declare that the information contained in the abovenamed 
electronically filed Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report, as 
taxpayer furnished me with a completed 2016 New York City paper Unincorporated 
declare that the information contained in the electronically filed Unincorporated 
the paper return. If I am the paid preparer, under penalty of perjury I declare 
Business Tax Return or other report, and to the best of my knowledge and 
based this declaration on all the information available to me. 
ERO EFIN/PIN: Enter your sixdigit EFIN followed by your five digit PIN: 
partnership's or limited 
indicated above, is the information 
Business Tax return 
Business Tax return or 
that I have examined this electronically 
belief, the return or other report 
liability company's 2016 New York City 
furnished to me by the taxpayer. If the 
or other report signed by a paid preparer. I 
other report is identical to that contained in 
filed 2016 Unincorporated 
is true. correct and complete. I have 
09/12/17 
1318 1 3 2 6 6 4 0 
ERO's Signature 
Print Name 
Date 
GARY W. PRESS 
GARY W. PRESS 
Paid Pre 
er's Signature 
Print Name 
Date 
PURPOSE - A completed Form NYC-579-L€TP provides documentation that an ERO has been authorized to electronically file an Unincorporated Business Tax Return 
or other report for a taxpayer. The general partner or limited liability company manager of the taxpayer may designate the ERO to electronically sign the return or report 
by entering the personal identification number (PIN). The form also authorizes payment of tax due on an electronically submitted return or report by an automatic 
clearing house (ACH) debit from a designated checking or saving account of the partnership. You cannot revoke this authorization. 
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS 
Part A - 
Part A must be completed by the general partner or limited liability company manager of the taxpayer before the ERO transmits the electronically filed Form 
NYC-204 (Unincorporated Business Tax Return for Partnerships, including Limited Liability Companies); NYC-204EZ (Unincorporated Business Tax Return 
for Partnerships, including Limited Liability Companies - EZ Form); NYC-EXT (Application for 6-Month Extension to File Business Income Tax Return); or 
NYC-5UB (Declaration of Estimated Unincorporated Business Tax for Partnerships). 
EROsfpaid preparers must complete Part B prior to transmitting electronically filed unincorporated business tax returns or reports (Forms NYC-204, NYC-204EZ, 
NYC-EXT or NYC-5UB). Both the paid preparer and the ERO are required to sign Part B. However, if an individual performs as both the paid preparer and the ERO, 
he or she is only required to sign as the paid preparer. It is not necessary to include the ERO signature in this case. 
Do not mail Form NYC-579-UBTP to the Department of Finance. The ER0s/paid preparers must keep the completed Form NYC-579-UBTP for three years from the due 
date of the return or report or the date the return or report was filed, whichever is later, and must present it to the Department of Finance upon request 
694891 11-09.16 
NYC.579.1.1811. 2016 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT1 0 4 
EFTA00806381
--- PAGE 270 ---
NYC 
,:r",7:::" 
NYC 
579-UBTP 
NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
2016 
Signature Authorization for 
E-Filed Unincorporated Business Tax Return for Partnerships 
ELECTRONIC RETURN ORIGINATORS (ER0): DO NOT MAIL THIS FORM TO THE DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE. KEEP THIS FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
LEGAL NAME OF PARTNERSHIP: 
EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 
13-3495607 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
EMAIL ADDRESS: 
TYPE OF FORM: X NYC.EXT 
NYC5UB 
_ 
NYC204 
NYC204EZ 
— 
— 
Financial Institution Information . must be included if electronic payment is authorized 
AMOUNT OF AUTHORIZED DEBIT: 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION ROUTING NUMBER: 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
40,000. 
026013576 
1501920157 
Part A - Declaration and authorization of Partner or limited liability company member manager 
Under penalty of perjury. I declare that I am the general partner or limited liability company manager of the taxpayer and that I have examined the 
information on its 2016 New York City electronically filed Unincorporated Business Tax return, including any accompanying schedules, attachments 
and statements or other report and to the best of my knowledge and belief, the electronically filed document is true. correct and complete. The ERO 
has my consent to send the 2016 New York City electronically filed Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report checked above to the New 
York City Department of Finance through the Internal Revenue Service. I authorize the ERO to enter my PIN as my signature on the 2016 New York 
City electronically filed Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report, as indicated above or I will enter my PIN as my signature on the 
document indicated above. If I am paying the New York City Unincorporated Business Tax owed by electronic funds withdrawal, I authorize the New 
York City Department of Finance and its designated financial agents to initiate an electronic funds withdrawal from the financial institution account 
indicated on the Partnership's electronically filed the Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report, and I authorize the financial institution to 
debit the amount from that account. 
X 
l uttiorize SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
to enter my PIN: 13471 
as my 
ENO NINA NAME 
signature on the electronically filed 2016 Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report, as Indicated above. 
_ 
Asa general partner or limited liability company member manager, I will enter my PIN as my signature on the electronically filed 2016 
Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report, as indicated above. 
PRESIDENT OF MEMBER MG 
Signature of General Partner or Limited Liability 
Official title 
Date 
Company Member Manager 
Part B - Declaration of electronic return originator (ERO) and paid preparer 
Under penalty of perjury, I declare that the information contained in the abovenamed partnership's or limited liability company's 2016 New York City 
electronically filed Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report, as indicated above. Is the information furnished to me by the taxpayer. If the 
taxpayer furnished me with a completed 2016 New York City paper Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report signed by a paid preparer. I 
declare that the information contained in the electronically filed Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report is identical to that contained in 
the paper return. If I am the paid preparer, under penalty of perjury I declare that I have examined this electronically filed 2016 Unincorporated 
Business Tax Return or other report, and to the best of my knowledge and belief, the return or other report is true, correct and complete. I have 
based this declaration on all the information available to me. 
ERO EFIN/PIN: Enter your sixdigit EFIN followed by your five digit PIN: 
• 
09/12/17 
ERO's Signature 
Print Name 
Date 
GARY W. PRESS 
GARY W. PRESS 
Paid Pre 
er's Signature 
Print Name 
Date 
PURPOSE . A completed Form NYC-579-L€TP provides documentation that an ERO has been authorized to electronically file an Unincorporated Business Tax Return 
or other report for a taxpayer. The general partner or limited liability company manager of the taxpayer may designate the ERO to electronically sign the return or report 
by entering the personal identification number (PIN). The form also authorizes payment of tax due on an electronically submitted return or report by an automatic 
clearing house (ACH) debit from a designated checking or saving account of the partnership. You cannot revoke this authorization. 
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS 
Part A - 
Part A must be completed by the general partner or limited liability company manager of the taxpayer before the ERO transmits the electronically filed Form 
NYC-204 (Unincorporated Business Tax Return for Partnerships, including Limited Liability Companies); NYC-204EZ (Unincorporated Business Tax Return 
for Partnerships, including Limited Liability Companies - EZ Form); NYC-EXT (Application for 6-Month Extension to File Business Income Tax Return); or 
NYC-5UB (Declaration of Estimated Unincorporated Business Tax for Partnerships). 
EROsfpaid preparers must complete Part B prior to transmitting electronically filed unincorporated business tax returns or reports (Forms NYC-204, NYC-204EZ, 
NYC-EXT or NYC-5UB). Both the paid preparer and the ERO are required to sign Part B. However, if an individual performs as both the paid preparer and the ERO, 
he or she is only required to sign as the paid preparer. It is not necessary to include the ERO signature in this case. 
Do not mail Form NYC-579-UBTP to the Department of Finance. The ER0s/paid preparers must keep the completed Form NYC-579-UBTP for three years from the due 
date of the return or report or the date the return or report was filed, whichever is later, and must present it to the Department of Finance upon request 
694891 11-09.16 
NYC.579.1.1811. 2016 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806382
--- PAGE 271 ---
Tax TvDe 
NYC - EXT 
Declared el Fame 
APPLICATION FOR AUTOMATIC 
EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE 
BUSINESS INCOME TAX RETURNS 
2016 
Final Return • Check this box if you have ceased operations. 
PRINT OR TYPE 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2016 or Fiscal Year beginning 01-01-2016 and ending 12-31-2016 
Name (t canceled corporate Ma glee name ol everting comotatlen) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
in Ca* of 
cnanrp 
OnInCorparated 
fauelneeS.Inctivkluala 
Only 
Rentlnien adddrett (number and need 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
City and State 
NEW YORK 
Baldness Telephone Marta 
212-925-5100 
41,01,44496 
Laet Name 
Cam> 
Nag; 
NY 
ZIP C0011 
10013 
Country (4 not US) 
EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 
13-3495607 
OR 
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER 
:FOR UIFIKCORFORATEDIRISIKESSAINIDUALS ONLY) 
BUSINESS CODE NO. AS PER FEDERAL RETURN 
812990 
Em Il Addled 
Corporation Tax 
Unincorporated Business Tax (UBT) 
Business 
General-Subchapter S 
— 
Corporations and 
Qualified Subchapter S 
Subsidiaries only 
Banking 
— 
Subchapter S 
Corporations only 
X 
Partnership 
_ 
Individuals 
— 
Single-Member LLCs. 
Estates or Trusts 
C Corporations only 
NYC-2 
NYC-2A 
NYC-2S 
NYC-3L 
NYC-3A 
NYC-4S 
NYC-4SEZ 
NYC-1 
NYC-1A 
NYC-204 
NYC-204EZ 
NYC-202 
NYC-202S 
NYC-202EIN 
— 
Check the box if the organization is a corporation and is the common parent of a g oup that intends to file a combined return. If checked, 
attach a schedule. listing the name, address and Employer Identification Number (EIN) for each member covered by this application. 
Payment Information 
For payment amount. refer to the tax form for the tax that you will be filing after the extension period. 
Finance forms and instructions are available on line at NYC.govilinance. 
A. Payment 
Amount included with form. 
Make payable to: NYC Department of Finance 
1. 
Current Yea Estimated Tax 
2. 
If amount on line 1 exceeds $1.000. enter 25% of line 1 
(For S Corporations only 
for UBT and C Corporations leave blank) 
3. 
Total of lines 1 and 2 
4. 
Total payments and credits  
5. 
Balance due. Subtract line 4 from line 3 
Payment Amount 
40000. 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
170548. 
170548. 
130548. 
40000. 
CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER OR OF AN ELECTED OFFICER OF THE CORPORATION 
I hereby certify that this form, including any accompanying rider, is, to the best of my knowledge and belief, true, correct and complete. 
Signature: 
Title (if an officer): 
Date: 
NYC-EXT 2016 
31211605 
604601 11-00-16 
EFTA00806383
--- PAGE 272 ---
NYC - 5UB 
NOIDDIONMO: 
PARTNERSHIP DECLARATION OF 
ESTIMATED UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2017 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
and ending 
2017 
Business name 
',arc 
Gila laa _ 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Ernpf0yar IdantMCallon Nurnbac 
13-3495607 
In Care of 
BualnOSS Coda Number
Clung* 
as par rani  Aron
812990 
Business address (number and street) 
Ad005.5 
— 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
City and State 
NEW YORK 
NY 
ZIP Code 
10013 
Country (if not US) 
Business Telephone Number 
212-925-5100 
Taxpayer's Email Address 
A Payment 
Amount included with form • Make payable to: NYC Department of Finance 
A. 
ayrnan 
n. 
1. Estimate of 2017 tax 
2. Amount to be paid with this declaration (Payable to: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) 
1. 
2. 
149060. 
Signature col taxpayer 
Tina 
Data: 
To receive proper credit, you must enter your correct Employer Identification Number on your declaration and remittance. 
DETACH ON DOTTED LINE & MAIL UPPER PORTION. RETAIN LOWER PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS 
ESTIMATED TAX WORKSHEET 
• KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS • 
1. 
Net income from business expected in 2017  
2. 
Exemption  
3. 
Lew 1 less line 2 (estimated taxable business income)  
4. 
Tax • enter 4% of line 3 
5a. Business Tax Credit 
) (Check applicable box below and enter credit amount) 
Tax on line 4 is $3,400 or less. Your credit is the entire amount of tax on line 4. 
Tax on line 4 is $5,400 or over. No credit is allowed. Enter '. 
Tax on line 4 is over $3,400 but less than $5.400. use formula for credit amount: 
Tax on line 4 x ($5.400 minus tax on line 4 ) 
$2.000 
X 
6b. Other credits  
5c. Total credits (add lines 5a and 5b) 
6. 
Estimated 2017 Unincorporated Business Tax (Iiie 4 less Ine 5c) 
Enter here, on line 7b. and on line 1 of declaration above 
7a. Partnership's 2016 Unincorporated Business Tax  
7a. 
149047 . 
COMPUTATION OF INSTALLMENT - 
) pis* row box miow and enter amount Intiloalad. Fiscal yaw 'concur. ace InstrucUont 
8. If this 
X April 18. 2017. enter 1/4 of line lb 
Sept. 15. 2017. enter 1/2 of line 7b  
declaration 
Is due on: 
June 15, 2017, enter 1/3 of line 7b 
Jan. 16, 2018, enter amount of line 7b 
— 
9. 
Enter amount of overpayment on 2016 return which you elected to have applied as a credit against 
2017 estimated tax 
10. Amount to be paid with this declaration (line 8 less tine 9) (Payable to: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE)  
10. 
1. 
3731171. 
2. 
5000. 
8. 
3726171. 
4. 
149047. 
  6a. 
0. 
68. 
Sc. 
149047. 
ADJUSTED 
6. 
149060. 
lb. nano% of 2017 lax torn line 6 7b. 
149060. 
) 8. 
9. 
Make remittance payable to the order of: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
Payment must be made in U.S. dollars, 
drawn on a U.S. bank. 
MAILING INSTRUCTIONS 
MAIL YOUR DECLARATION FORM TO: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
BOX 3923 
NEW YOP1K. NY 10008.3923 
NYC-5118 2017 
694.951 I 1-00-16 
EFTA00806384
--- PAGE 273 ---
NYC - 5UB 
Dtaatmmtal IMMO: 
PARTNERSHIP DECLARATION OF 
ESTIMATED UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2017 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
and ending 
2017 
Business name 
Nara 
G1141g. 
— 
NEXT 
MANAGEMENT LLC 
ErnpfOyar IdantlaCation NIAINI 
13-3495607 
In Care of 
Business DAB Nurrintt• 
as par FochtlalRa
n+ 
812990 
Business address (number and street) 
Clung* 
Ad005.5 
— 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
City and State 
NEW YORK 
NY 
ZIP Code 
10013 
Country (if not US) 
Business Telephone Number 
212-925-5100 
Taxpayer's Email Address 
A Payment 
Amount included with form • Make payable to: NYC Department of Finance 
A. 
ayrnan 
1. Estimate of 2017 tax 
2. Amount to be paid with this declaration (Payable to: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) 
1. 
2. 
149060. 
Signature of taxpayer 
Tithe 
Data: 
To receive proper credit, you must enter your correct Employer Identification Number on your declaration and remittance. 
DETACH ON DOTTED LINE & MAIL UPPER PORTION. RETAIN LOWER PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS 
694952 11.09.16 
EFTA00806385
--- PAGE 274 ---
NYC - 5UB 
NOT9MIONMO: 
PARTNERSHIP DECLARATION OF 
ESTIMATED UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2017 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
and ending 
2017 
Business name 
Nara 
en 
a lg.
,
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
F101•5,4•1 lafir.IIIICalltx1NL, i'/ • r
13-3495607 
In Care of 
&olds Code Nunta 
al 
as pet Feder Ram
812990 
Business address (number and street) 
go 
Ma 
MOMS 
— 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
City and State 
NEW YORK 
NY 
ZIP Code 
10013 
Country (if not US) 
Business Telephone Number 
212-925-5100 
Taxpayer's Email Address 
A Payment 
1. Estimate of 2017 tax 
Amount included with form • Make payable to: NYC Department of Finance 
2. Amount to be paid with this declaration (Payable to: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) 
2. 
A. 
.1).rrgto. ••1110011. 
51833. 
149060. 
51833. 
Signals. a taxpayat 
Trio 
Data 
To receive proper credit, you must enter your correct Employer Identification Number on your declaration and remittance. 
DETACH ON DOTTED LINE & MAIL UPPER PORTION. RETAIN LOWER PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS 
694852 11.09.16 
EFTA00806386
--- PAGE 275 ---
NYC - 5UB 
NOTYMIONMO: 
PARTNERSHIP DECLARATION OF 
ESTIMATED UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2017 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
and ending 
2017 
Business name 
Nara 
G1141g. _ 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Ernp$0S IclantINallon NIAINI 
13-3495607 
In Care of 
BuSinOSS GAO Nurrin.:, 
as par FochtlalRa
n+ 
812990 
Business address (number and street) 
Clung* 
AdOOSS 
— 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
City and State 
NEW YORK 
NY 
ZIP Code 
10013 
Country (if not US) 
Business Telephone Number 
212-925-5100 
Taxpayer's Email Address 
A Payment 
Amount included with form • Make payable to: NYC Department of Finance 
A. 
aymant 
n. 
37270. 
1. Estimate of 2017 tax 
2. Amount to be paid with this declaration (Payable to: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) 
1. 
2. 
149060. 
37270. 
Signature of taxpayer 
Tithe 
Data: 
To receive proper credit, you must enter your correct Employer Identification Number on your declaration and remittance. 
DETACH ON DOTTED LINE & MAIL UPPER PORTION. RETAIN LOWER PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS 
694952 11.09.16 
EFTA00806387
--- PAGE 276 ---
Single member LLCs using SSN as their primary identifier must use Form NYC-202 
4. Balance (line 1 less line 3a) 
4. 
5. Multiply line 4 by the business allocation percentage from line 2  
5. 
6. Total of lines 3a and 3b  
6. 
71. Investment income (from page 3, Schedule B. line 30)  
7a. 
7b. Add allocated investment income, or subtract investment loss, from other partnerships  
7b. 
NYC - 204 
Comerritre el Franc 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX RETURN 
2016 
FOR PARTNERSHIPS (INCLUDING LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANIES) 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2016 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 01-01-2016,a d ending 12-31-2016 
 Name 
Change
Address 
Charge 
— 
Name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
In Care of 
Address (number and street) 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
‘"NEW YORK 
14'4 ,10013 
t o
il,' eh, 212-925-5100 
ZI,',?,r4e,,t' 0 1 - 0 4-89 
TAXPAYERS Ella ADDRESS 
Dully 
if no) US1 
Woburn,' 
mend in NYC 
EMPLOYERIOENTIRCATION WESER 
13-3495607 
NOSINESS CODE INM8kR 
PS PEI:M(0AL RETURN 
812990 
CHECK ALL THAT APPLY 
Entity Type: 
Dna , PartflerSbaa 
registered limited ibabaity partnership 
unload partnership 
X 
Pinned liability company 
Arratdad taken 
If the purineSe of the amended WW1 IS to report 
federal Cr State Ching.. chock the appopriaee box 
rourn . paned operations 
_ 
Final 
Engaged in a ruby exempt union:up:rated business activity 
Dian any Count -related federal tax benefits (sea instructions) 
IRS change 
Data or Final 
NYS Chance? 
Determination 
Federal Return tiled: 
X 
yea 
1065.8 
Engaged In a partially parr, t unincorporated business Kenny 
Enter 2-character papal Oennallna Code. If OPPlicanie(see instructions) 
SCHEDULE A 
A. Payment Amount being paid electronically with this return  
A. 
1. Business ncome (from page 3, Schedule B, line 31)  
1. 
2. Business allocation percentage from Schedule E. line 5. (if not allocating, enter 100%)  
2.  
68.08 % 
3a. If line 2 is less than 100%. enter income or loss on NYC real property 
3a.  
3b. Enter allocated business income, or subtract business loss, from other partnerships  
3b. 
228820. 
5188529. 
3532351.
228820. 
Computation of Tax I MGM WITH SCHhOULE 8 ON PACAE3. Caal.tit
- ALL VI HUI bt,litOlatb. MANN-ha AreLit./skat AMQUNI b ru blhitOtilt A. 
PayTelli .11100 1 
5188529. 
. 
8. Investment allocation percentage (LoP) (from page 4. Schedule D. line 2)  
5. 
% 
9. Multiply line 7a by the LAP from line 8. Add the amount on line 7b  
9.  
10. Total before NOL deduction  
10.  
3761171.
11. Deduct NYC net operating loss deduction (from Form NYCNOLPUBTP, line 11)  
11.  
12. Balance before allowance for active partners' services (Ste 10 less line 11)  
12.  
3761171.
13. Less: allowance for active partners' services (if line 12 is a loss, enter '0') Number of active partners claimed 
d 
. 
13.  
30000.
14. Balance before specific exemption (line 12 less line 13)  
14.  
3731171.
15. Less: specific exemption (attach schedule) (if line 12 is a loss, enter '0")  
IS.  
5000.
16. Taxable income (line 14 less line 15)  
16.  
3726171.
17. Tax before business tax credit (4% of amount on line 16)  
17.  
149047.
18. Less: business tax credit (select the applicable credit condition from the sch. on page 2 and enter amount) 
18. 
. 
19. Total tax before Unincorporated Business Tax paid credit (fine 17 less line 18)  
19.  
149047.
20. Less: UBT Paid Credit (from Schedule A, fine 3 of attached Form NYC-114.7)  
20.  
8756.
21. UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX (line 19 less line 20) (if the balance is less than "0'. enter "0")  
21. 
140291. 
rs..• 
\no 
nvIll 
60411605 
694001 11-09.16 
EFTA00806388
--- PAGE 277 ---
Form NYC-204 -2016 
Page 2 
Name NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
EIN 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE A I Computation of Tax -Continued 
22a. Credits from Form NYC•114.5 (attach form) 
22a. 
22b. Credits from Form NYC.114.6 (attach form) 
223. 
22c. Credits from Form NYC.114.8 (attach form) 
22o. 
22d. Credits from Form NYC•114.10 (attach font))  
22d. 
23. Net tax after credits pine 21 less sum of lines 22a, 22b, 22c and 22d) 
23. 
24. Payment of estimated tax, including credit from preceding year and payment with extension, NYC•EXT  
24. 
25. If line 23 is larger than Me 24, enter balance due  
25. 
26. If Me 23 is smaller than line 24, enter overpayment 
28. 
27a. Interest  
27a. 
27b. Additional charges 
273. 
27c. Penalty for underpayment of estimated tax (attach Form NYC-221)  
27o.  
28. Total of lines 27a, 27b and 27c 
28. 
29. Net overpayment (line 26 less line 28)  
29. 
90. Amount of line 29 to be: 
(a) Refunded • 
Direct deposit • fit/ out line 30c OR 
Paper check  
30a. 
(b) Credited to 2017 estimated tax on Form NYCZUB  
303. 
30c. Routing 
Account 
ACCOUNT TYPE 
Number 
Number 
Checking 
Savings 
91. TOTAL REMITTANCE DUE (see instructions)  
31. 
92. NYC rent deducted on federal tax return or NYC rent from Schedule E, Part 1. 
(THIS LINE MUST BE COMPLETED)  
 at  
640496.
93. Gross receipts or sales from federal return  
33.  
20803273.
34. Total assets from federal return  
34. 
19197540. 
140291. 
170548. 
30257. 
30257. 
30257. 
Business Tax Credit Computation 
1. If the amount on page 1. line 17. is S3,400 or less, your credit on Ste 18 is the entire amount of tax on line 17. (NO TAX WILL BE DUE) 
2. If the amount on page 1. line 17, is $5.400 or over. no credit is allowed. Enter '0" on line 18. 
3. If the amount on page 1. line 17, is over $3,400 but less than $5,400, your credit is computed by the following formula: 
tax on page 1, line 17 X `$5.400 minus tax on line 17) =  
 = your credit 
$2.000 
Payments of Estimated Tax Computation 
PREPAYMENTS CLAIMED ON SCHEDULE A, LINE 24 
DATE 
AMOUNT 
A. Payment with declaration, Form NYC-5UB (1) 
B. Payment with Notice of Estimated Tax Due (2)  
C. Payment with Notice of Estimated Tax Due (3)  
D. Payment with Notice of Estimated Tax Due (4)  
E. Payment with extension, Form NYC-EXT  
08-19-16 
20200. 
01-10-17 
20200. 
F. Overpayment credited from preceding year 
O. TOTAL of A through F. (Enter on Schedule A, line 24)  
0 148 . 
30548 . 
60421605 
694802 11.09.16 
EFTA00806389
--- PAGE 278 ---
Form NYC-204 -2016 
Page 3 
Name NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
SCHEDULE B I Computation of Total Income 
Part 1 I Items of income, gain, loss or deduction 
1. Ordinary income (loss) from federal Form 1065, line 22 or 1065•B, Part I, line 25  
1.  
2500442.
2. Net income (loss) from all rental real estate activity not included in Form 1065, One 22 or 1065-B, 
Part I, line 25 but included on federal Schedule K  
2. 
3. All portfolio income such as Interest• dividends, royalties, annuity income and gain (loss) on the disposition of 
property not included in Form 1065, line 22 or 1065.8. Part I, One 25, but included on federal Sch. K 
STMT 4  8.  
15968.
4. Guaranteed payments to partners from federal Schedule K  
4. 
6. Payments to current and retired partners included in other deductions from federal Form 1065, line 20 or 1065-6, Part I, One 23 
5. 
6. Other income not included in Form 1065, line 22 or 1065.B. Part I, line 25, but included on federal Sch. K  
6.  
7. Charitable contributions from federal Schedule K 
7. 
12512. 
8. Other deductions included in Form 1065, line 22 or 1065-6, Part I. line 25 and Part II, fine 13, but not allowed for U8T  
8. 
9. Other income and expenses not included above that are required to be reported separately to partners  STMT 3  
9. 
10. Total federal income (combine lines 1 through 9, do not include line 7)  
 10. 
11. Subtract net income or gain (or add net loss) from rental. sale or exchange of real property 
situated outside NYC if included in line 10 above (attach schedule)  
 11. 
12. Total Income before New York City modifications (combine line 10 and line 11) 
Part 2 
EIN 
13-3495607 
New York City modifications (see instructions for Schedule B. part 2) 
12. 
-64523. 
2451887. 
2451887. 
SEE ATTACHED K -1S 
ADDITIONS 
EIN OR SSN ► 
PARTNER A 
PARTNER B 
PARTNER C 
TOTAL 
13. Au income taxes and Unincorporated Business Taxes 13. 
14. (a) Relocation credits  
 14a. 
(b) Expenses related to exempt income 
 14b. 
(c) Ow. adj. (attach Form NYC-399 and/or NYC-3994 14c. 
(d) Exempt Activities  
 14d. 
16. Other additions (attach schedules)  
 15. 
16. Total additions (add lines 13 through 15) 
 16. 
13. 
128402. 
14a. 
14b. 
14c. 
14d. 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
15. 
2849572. 
16. 
2977974. 
SUBTRACTIONS 
PARTNER A 
PARTNER B 
PARTNER C 
TOTAL 
17. All income tax and Unincorporated Business Tax 
refunds (included in part 1)  
 17. 
18. Wages and salaries subject to federal Jobs credit 
(attach fedora( Form 5884)  
 18. 
19. Deur. adj. (attach Form NYC-399 and/or NYC-3992)   19. 
20. Exempt income (included ii part 1, line 10)  
 20. 
21. 50% of dividends 
 21. 
22. Exempt Activities  
 22. 
23. Other subtractions (attach schedule)  
 23. 
24. Total subtractions (add lines 17 through 23)  
 24. 
17. 
18. 
19. 
20. 
21. 
22. 
SEE STATEMENT 2 
23. 
228820. 
24. 
228820. 
25. Combine lines 16 and 24 (total)  
 25. 
26. Total income (combine lines 12 and 25)  
 26. 
27. Less: Charitable contributions (not to exceed line 7. or 5% of line 26, whichever is less) 
 27. 
28. Balance (one 26 less line 27)  
 28. 
29. Investment Income • (complete lines a through g below) 
(a) Dividends from stocks held for investment  
 29a. 
(b) Interest from investment capital (Include nonexempt governmental obligations) (itemize on rider) 
29b. 
(c) Net capital gain (loss) from sales or exchanges of securities held for investment  
 29c. 
(d) Income from assets included on line 3 of Schedule D  
 29d. 
(e) Add lines 29a through 29d inclusive 
 29e. 
(f) Deductions directly or indirectly attributable to investment Income 
 29f.  
(9) Interest on bank accounts included in income reported on line 29d 
255. 
30. Investment Income (line 29e less line 29f) (enter on page 1, Sch. A, line 7a)  
 30.  
31. Business income (fine 28 less line 30) (enter here and transfer this amount to page 1, Sch. A, line') 
31.  
5188529.
2749154. 
5201041. 
12512. 
5188529. 
60431605 
6946 I 11.09.16 
EFTA00806390
--- PAGE 279 ---
Form NYC-204 - 2016 
Page 4 
Name NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
EIN 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE C Partnership Information- THIS SCHEDULE MUST BE COMPLETED FOR PARTNERSHIPS TO COMM Al LOWANCE FOR PARTNER'S SERVICES 
AND FOR PARTNERS TO CLAIM THE UST PAD CREDIT ON THEIR UST. OCT. BCT CC PIT RETURNS. 
How many partners are in this partnership? —De- I 
I 
I 
Number of active partners —a- I 
I 
Please provide the following information: Full Name and Address, Employer Identification Number or Social Security Number, check Yes or No If 
ndividual partner is a resident of NYC. enter type of partner (C if Corporation. S if S Corporation, I if Individual, P if Partnership. LIP or LLC, Off Other). check 
the appropriate box if partner is a general or a limited partner. 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
I 
Name and ZIP Code (it within USA) 
Name and Country (if outside of USA) 
Interest 
% 
Pomon10e° 
0, .",,,„, 
Devoted 
B 
in4 
Is mammal 
pamw , 
Reword 0
Nyos( s„,..) 
Partner 
Type 
Partner 
(") 
Employer ickintinc000n Number 
Sods Security Number 
Partnor's 
Castrioutlos 
Shan 
Imo mst) 
Percentage of 
Dkalbutive 
Sham 
Goa Ira) 
YES NO 
sys 01 ilIrn 
(a) 
% 
°A
(b) 
% 
% 
% 
(c) 
% 
% 
% 
(d) 
% 
% 
(e) 
% 
% 
°A 
SEE STATEMENT NYC SCHEDULE C - PARTNERSHIP INFORMATION 
TOTALS: 
100% 
SCHEDULE D 
Investment Capital and Allocation and Cash Election 
A 
DESCRIPTION OF INVESTMENT 
B 
No. of Shwa; ce 
C 
AWirat,4 
D 
Matatios 
E 
Net Average Wlue 
F 
issuer's 
Allocation 
Percentage 
G 
valueAIIocatd 
to NYC 
(colurrn E X column F) 
LIST EACH STOCK AND SECURITY 
AJE.E RIDER F NECESSARC 
Amount M 
Socurlbas 
Value 
AnTbutoloba to 
Incstment Capital 
Mann C name 
column 0) 
% 
1. Totals (including items on rider)  
 lle 
2. Investment allocation percentage (line 1G divided by line 1E. Round to the nearest ne hundredth of a percentage point) 
2. 
% 
._ 
(To 
at cash as Investment ca011oa 
3. Cash • you must include n on tros ins) 
NO' 
4. Investment capital. Total of line le and 3e 
ile 
ATTACH FEDERAL FORM 1065 OR 1065-B AND ALL ACCOMPANYING SCHEDULES 
INCLUDING THE INDIVIDUAL K-1s 
60441605 
r. 
EFTA00806391
--- PAGE 280 ---
Form NYC-204 - 2016 
Page 5 
Name NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
MN 
13-3495607 
ALLOCATION OF BUSINESS INCOME 
ALLOCATION 
Taxpayers who allocate income outside the City: 
• complete Schedule E, Parts 1,2 and 3 (below) and 
• Enter percentage rounded to the nearest one hundredth of a percentage point 
on Sched. A, line 2 
NON-ALLOCATION 
Taxpayers who do not allocate business income: 
• omit Schedule E. Pans 1 and 2 (below) 
• enter 100% on Schedule E. Part 3. line 5 and 100% 
on Schedule A, line 2 
SCHEDULE E 
Complete this schedule if business Is carried on both inside and outside New York City 
Part 1 
List location of each place of business INSIDE New York City, nature of activities at each location (manufacturing, sales office. executive office. 
public warehouse. contractor, converter. etc.), and number of employees, their wages, salaries and duties at each location. 
Complete 0460£4 
Rent 
Nature of enemies 
e r;p1.4
0. 
wages. Salines. Etc 
Duties 
BOOKING & 
I 
I 
WATTS ST 
628675. MODEL AGENCY 
8519446. AD 
NEW YORK NY 10013 
PUBLIC 
BOOKING & 
WATTS ST 
11821. RELATIONS 
246911. AD 
NEW YORK NY 10013 
Total  
 OP' 
640496. 
8766357. 
Part 2 
List location of each place of business OUTSIDE New York City, nature of activities a each location (manufacturing. sales office, executive office. 
public warehouse. contractor, converter, etc.), and number of employees. their wages. salaries and duties at each location. 
Complete Adeeetes 
Rent 
Nature of attunes 
"71;
Wages. Salines. Eta 
Duties 
BOOKING & 
I 
J 
1688 MERIDIAN AVE 
116471. OFFICE 
976440. AD 
MIAMI 
FL 33101 
BOOKING & 
BEVERLY 
8447 WILSHIRE BLVD 
153819. OFFICE 
2247040. AD 
HILL 
ICAI90210 
Total  
 Illo 
270290. 
3223480. 
Part 3 I Formula Basle Allocation of Income 
694913 11.09-16 
DESCRIPTION OF ITEMS USED AS FACTORS 
1. 
parity a the business (See Ina) 
IA'
a. Business real property owned 
 Ia. 
b. Business real property rented from others rent x SI lb. 
e. Business tangible personal property owned 
lc. 
d• Bysinsswiaitry prison' Mob mad from Omens x 8) 
 Id. 
e. Total of lines la • Id  
 le. 
L Mulffp Column C of line le bt.6.5  
11. 
a. oailyrdorboWeab
wen:Veryeb
urinwr"  
2a. 
b. 
3a. 
Multiply Column 
of line 2a by 6.5  
2b. 
a. icykizo ;tr... I I HAW 1. C 
KIWI) a 
‘l 
la• IMMO 
leer  
b. MultiplyColumn C of line 3a by 87 
Weighted Factor Allocation 
a. Add Column C. Ines lf, 2b and 3b 
owe inoaa by ice it no boots ere missing 
attitteilielereniiellikialeal46WINCESathe 
b. present. Enter as percentage. Round to the nearest one hundredth of a percentage VOW 
Business Allocation Percentage 
5. 
Enter percentage from line 4b. Transfer to page 1, Schedule A. line 2. See instructions 
6. 
IS ANY PLACE OF BUSINESS LISTED IN PARTS 1 AND 2 LOCATED IN A PARTNER'S HOME? 
7. 
DID YOU CLAIM A DEDUCTION FOR EXPENSES OF AN OFFICE IN A PARTNER'S HOME? 
COLUMN A - 
NEW YORK CITY 
COLUMN B -
EVERYWHERE 
0. 
0. 
5123968. 
7286288. 
588100. 
721130. 
0. 
5712068. 
8007418. 
9011461. 
12234940. 
14659692. 
21743272. 
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
3b. 
4a. 
4b. 
COLUMN C 
PERCENTAGE IN 
NEW YORK CITY 
(COLUMN A 
DIVIDED BY 
COLUMN B) 
71.33% 
463.65 
73.65% 
478.73 
67.42% 
5,865.54 
6,807.92 
68.08% 
5. 
68.08% 
YES 
X NO 
YES 
X NO 
60451605 
ATTACH FEDERAL FORM 1065 OR 1065-B AND ALL ACCOMPANYING SCHEDULES INCLUDING THE INDIVIDUAL K-1'S 05 
EFTA00806392
--- PAGE 281 ---
Form NYC-2O4 - 2016 
Page 6 
Name NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
SCHEDULEF 
EIN 
13-3495607 
If you are taking a Net Operating Loss Deduction this year, please attach Form NYC-NOLD-UBTP. If you have a loss on Page 1, 
Line 10 which you are carrying forward, please attach Form NYC-NOLD-UBTP and enter that value on Line 6. 
SCHEDULE G The following information must be entered for this return to be complete 
I. Nature of business or profession: MODEL AGENCY 
2. New York State Sales Tax ID Number: 133495607 
3. Did you file a New York City Partnership Return for the following years: ... 2014: X YES — 
NO 
2015: X YES 
NO 
If 'NO,' state reason: 
4. If business terminated during the current taxable year, state date terminated. torn-eri-ro 
(Attach a statement showing asposItion 01 two PreParlY./ 
6. Has the Internal Revenue Service or the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance Increased or decreased any taxable income reported in any 
tax period, or are you currently being audited? 
YES 
X NO 
If 'YES,' by whom? 
Internal Revenue Service 
State period(s): Beg.: 
End.: 
— I:O21321r 
-
RIKr6O777--
New York State Department of Taxation and Finance 
State period(s): Beg.: 
End.: 
— I2121321r 
— RIKr6O777--
IL Has Form NYC.115 (Report of Federal/State Change in Taxable Income) been filed? 
Only applicable for years prior to 1/1/15. For years beginning on or after 1/1/15, file an amended return. (see Instructions)  
YES 
X NO 
7. Did you calculate a depreciation deduction by the application of the federal Accelerated Cost Recovery System (ACRS)? 
YES 
X NO 
8. Were you a participant in a 'Safe Harbor Leasing" transaction during the period covered by this return?  
YES 
X NO 
9. At any time during the taxable year. did the partnership have an interest in real property (Including a leasehold 
interest) located in NYC or in an entity owning such real property?  
STATEMENT 5 
X YES 
NO 
10. If 'YES' to 9: 
a) Attach a schedule of the property. ndicating the nature Cl the interest and induang the Weer address. borough. block and Sot number. 
b) Was any NYC real property (including a leasehold interest) or interest in an entity owning NYC real property, 
acquired or transferred with or without consideration? 
YES 
X NO 
c) Was there a partial or complete liquidation of the partnership? 
YES 
X NO 
d) Was 5O% or more of the partnership ownership transferred during the tax year. over a three-year period, or according to a plan? 
YES 
X NO 
11. If 'YES' to 1Ob, 1Oc or 1Od, was a Real Property Transfer Tax Return filed?  
YES 
NO 
12. If 'NO' to 11, explain: 
13. Does this taxpayer pay rent greater than $2OO.OOO for any premises in NYC in the borough of Manhattan south of 
96th Street for the purpose of carrying on any trade. business, profession, vocation or commercial activity?  
X YES 
NO 
14. If 'YES.' were all required Commercial Rent Tax Returns filed?  
X YES 
NO 
Please enter Employer Identification Number which was used on the Commercial Rent Tax Return: 13-3495607 
60461605 
CERTIFICATION 
WOW tam? mat ma MUM O. incirming any accompanying now. W. al MG Ow5i or N.) n (CV, hied tjr ape never. sue. alfrOCI amp 
complete I authoeue the Department 01 Finance to *sous* this return with the papaw fisted below. (see imanycnona) 
YES X I Firm's En
 Address: 
GPRESS6SPL -CPA 
Signature al taxpayer: 
11%: 
Data: 
am 
• 
pr PIN 
W. PRESS Date:09-12-17 I 
Firm's EMpleyer Identweation Number 
Preparers 
Mowers 
signerunx 
nameGARY 
SACKS PRESS & LACHER PC 
600 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK NY 10016-1901 
Firm's name 
0.= 
A Address 
'P Cc... 
MW 
rang 
Gilead 
SOlt.erriPICY0t1 
13-3050313 
MAILING INSTRUCTIONS 
Attach federal form 1065 or 1065-6 and all accompanying schedules including the Ind victual K-1s 
Make remittance payable to the order of NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE. Payment must be made in U.S. dollars and drawn on a U.S. bank. 
To receive proper credit, you must enter your correct Employer Identification Number on your tax reborn and remittance. 
The due date for the calendar yen 2016 return is on or before March 15,2017. 
For fiscal years beginning in 2016, file on or before the 15th day of the third month following the close of the fiscal year. 
ALL RETURNS EXCEPT REFUND RETURNS 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
P.O. BOX 5564 
BINGHAMTON. NY 139026564 
REMITTANCES 
PAY ONLINE WITH FORM NYC-200V 
AT NYC.GOV/ESERVICES 
OR 
Mall Payment and Form NYC-200V ONLY to: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
P.O. BOX 3933 
NEW YORK, NY 10008-3933 
RETURNS CLAIMING REFUNDS 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TM 
P.O. BOX 5563 
BINGHAMTON, NY 139025563 
694814 11.09.16 
EFTA00806393
--- PAGE 282 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
NYC 204 
OTHER ADDITIONS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
INDIRECT COMPENSATION TO PARTNERS 
2,849,572. 
TOTAL TO FORM 204, SCHEDULE B, PART 2, LINE 15 
2,849,572. 
NYC 204 
OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
PASSTHROUGH ADJUSTMENTS 
228,820. 
TOTAL TO FORM 204, SCHEDULE B, PART 2, LINE 23 
228,820. 
NYC 204 
OTHER ITEMS 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
-64,523. 
TOTAL TO FORM 204, SCHEDULE B, PART 1, LINE 9 
-64,523. 
NYC 204 
PORTFOLIO INCOME 
STATEMENT 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
INTEREST INCOME 
15,968. 
TOTAL TO FORM 204, SCHEDULE B, PART 1, LINE 3 
15,968. 
STATEMENT(S) 1, 2, 3, 4 
EFTA00806394
--- PAGE 283 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
NYC 204 
SCHEDULE G - OTHER INFORMATION REQUIRED 
STATEMENT 
NATURE OF INTEREST - ADDRESS, BOROUGH, BLOCK AND LOT NUMBER 
LEASEHOLD INTEREST 
STATEMENT(S) 5 
EFTA00806395
--- PAGE 284 ---
NYC - 114.7 
0,Ntircl tit :11;rip; 
UBT PAID CREDIT 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAXPAYERS 
ATTACH TO FORM NYC-204 
2016 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2016 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 01-01-2016 2016 and ending 12-31-2016 
V Prim or Type name 04 shown on Form NYC.204 
V 
EMPLOYER CENTIFICATION NUMBER 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULEAl 
la. Add total of amounts from Schedule B, line 9, for all partnerships 
with respect to which you are claiming a credit (see Instructions) 
lb. Enter amount from Schedule D. line 9  
lc. Total of lines la and 1 b  
2. Enter amount from Form NYC•204, Schedule A. line 19  
3. UBT PAID CREDIT • Enter the lesser of line lc and line 2 and transfer 
amount to Form NYC•204, Schedule A. line 20 
SCHEDULE B 
A separate Schedule B must be completed for each partnership with respect to which you an claiming this credit. 
la. 
lb. 
lc. 
2. 
3. 
8756. 
8756. 
149047. 
8756. 
14-1c of putt,lh Ito Ii 
TrOrn,:.drittnimme 
1/111Col p;;r1mittd:4grvt'..ninirmo; putrin:: 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
EMPLOYER IDENTIFCOTION NUMBER OF OCIRIBUTING PARTNERSHIP 
20-1354409 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
6. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
22045. 
22045. 
39.7177 
8756. 
149047. 
139894. 
9153. 
8756. 
1. Unnccrporated business tax paid by distributing partnership (from its Form NYC•204. Schedule A. line 23) 
2. Credits taken by distributing partnership on its own return (from its Form NYC204, Schedule A, 
line 20 and Ines 22a through 22d) (see instructions)  
Total of lines 1 and 2 
4. Your distributive share percentage with respect to the distributing partnership (see Instructions) 
5. Multiply line 3 by the percentage on line 4  
6. Tax from Form NY0204, Schedule A. line 17, modified if necessary (see instructions)  
7. Tax from pro forma Form NYC204, Schedule A, line 17 (see instructions)  
8. Subtract line 7 from line 6  
9. Enter lesser of line 5 and line 8 here 
COMPLETE SCHEDULES C AND D IF YOU HAVE UBT PAID CREDITS FROM PRECEDING YEARS THAT YOU MAY CARRY FORWARD TO 2016 
SCHEDULE C 
1. 7th preceding year percentage 
 la. 
2. 6th preceding year percentage 
 2a. 
3. 5th preceding year percentage 
 3a. 
4. 4th preceding year percentage 
 4a. 
5. 3rd preceding year percentage 
 5a. 
6. 2nd preceding year percentage  
 6a. 
7. 1st preceding year percentage 
 7a. 
SCHEDULE D (see instructions) 
current year percentage  
 lb. 
current year percentage  
 2b. 
current year percentage  
 3b. 
current year percentage  
 4b. 
current year percentage  
 5b. 
current year percentage  
 6b. 
current year percentage  
 7b. 
APPLICABLE YEAR 
COLUMN A 
cfacilrwmANamm% 
COLUMN B 
COLUMN C 
c(46ww.,,,,As 
COLUMN D 
COLUMN E 
Croat Conyroni..4 to 901F 
O06.ron A Woo C0ltron El 
Of lassos, zero. ootorol 
1. Current year 
8756. 
149047. NA 
NA 
2. 7th preceding year 
140291. 
3. 6th preceding year 
140291. 
4. 5th preceding year 
140291. 
5. 4th preceding year 
140291. 
6. 3rd preceding year 
140291. 
7. 2nd preceding year 
140291. 
8. 1st preceding year 
140291. 
9. Total Column D. lines 2 th ouqh 8 (enter on Schedule A. line 1b) 
9. 
694861 11-09.16 
NYC. 114.7 2015 
61111605 
EFTA00806396
--- PAGE 285 ---
NYC 114.7 
Schedule B and Pro Forma Tax Calculation 
2016 
Name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
EIN 
13-3495607 
Name of Distributing Partnership 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
EIN of Distributing Partnership 
20-1354409 
SCHEDULES 
Unincorporated business tax paid by distributing partnership (from Form NYC•204, line 23)  
1. 
22045. 
Credits taken by distributing partnership on its own return (from Form NYC•204, 
Schedule A Ines 20. 22a, 22b, 22c and 22d) 
2. 
Total of lines 1 and 2  
3. 
22045. 
Your distributive share percentage with respect to the disUibuting partnership 
(from distributing partnership's Form NYC•204, Schedule C)  
4. 
39.717696 % 
Product of line 3 and line 4  
5. 
8756. 
Tax from NYC•204, Schedule A. line 17 (modified if necessary) 
6. 
149047. 
Tax from pro forma Form NYC-204, Schedule A. line 17  
7. 
139894. 
Subtract line 7 from line 6  
8. 
9153. 
Enter lesser of line 5 and line 8  
9. 
8756. 
PRO FORMA FORM NYC-204 TAX CALCULATION 
Business income (from page 2, Schedule B, line 31)  
1. 
5188529. 
Business allocation percentage from Schedule E, line 5 (1 not allocating, enter 100%)  
2. 
68.0800% 
If fine 2 is less than 100%. enter income or loss on NYC real property  
3a. 
0. 
Enter allocated business income, or subtract business loss, from other partnerships  
3b. 
0. 
Balance (line 1 less line 3a)  
4. 
5188529. 
Multiply line 4 by the business allocation percentage from Me 2  
5. 
3532351. 
Total of lines 3a and 3b  
6. 
0. 
Investment income (from page 3, Schedule B, line 30)  
7a. 
0. 
Add allocated investment income, or subtract investment loss from other partnerships  
7b. 
0. 
Investment allocation percentage (LAP) (from page 4. Schedule D. line 2) 
8. 
68.0800% 
Multiply line 7a by the LAP from line 8. Add the amount on line 7b  
9. 
0. 
Total before NOL deduction 
10. 
3532351. 
Deduct NYC net operating loss deduction (from Form NYCNOLPUBTP, line 11) 
11. 
0. 
Balance before allowance for active partners' services (line 10 less line 11) 
12. 
3532351. 
Less: allowance for active partners' services Of line 12 is a loss, enter '0') Number of active partners claimed 
13. 
30000. 
Balance before specific exemption (line 12 less line 13)  
14. 
3502351. 
Less: specific exemption (attach schedule) (if line 12 is a loss, enter '0')  
15. 
5000. 
Taxable income pine 14 less line 15) 
16. 
3497351. 
Tax before business tax credit (4% of amount on line 16)  
17. 
139894. 
694271 01-15-17 
EFTA00806397
--- PAGE 286 ---
NYC - 221 
Dtairt-luaF'firt)r):t 
UNDERPAYMENT OF ESTIMATED 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
ATTACH TO YOUR TAX RETURN 
2016 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2016 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
01-01-2016 
,and ending 
12-31-2016 
Print or Type • 
Name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
SOCIAL SECURITY MJMBER 
PAFONEFISHIPS. ESTATES AND TRUSTS ONLY 
ENTER EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 
OR 
13-3495607 
Computation of Underpayment
1. 2016 tax (from NYC-202 or NYC-2028N, Schedule A, line 19; NYG204, Schedule A, line 21; or hP(0202S, 
Schedule A, line 8) 
1. 
140291. 
2. Credits (from NYC-202 or NYC-202EIN, Schedule A, lines 20a, 20b. 20c and 20d or NYC-204, Schedule A, lines 22a, 
22b, 22c and 22d)  
2. 
3. Line 1 less line 2  
3. 
140291. 
4. 90% of line 3 
4. 
126262. 
Enter quarterly due dates of installments lo— 
1- 
FIRST 
2- 
SECOND 
8- 
THIRD 
4- 
FOURTH 
06-15-16 
i 
I 
04- 18 - 16 
i 
09-15-16 
I 01-17-17 
5, Divide amount of line 4 by the number of 
installments required for the year. Enter 
_ 
the result
 the appropriate columns • • • 4). 
6. Amount paid or credited for each period 6. 
7. Overpayment of previous installment  
7. 
8. Total of lines 6 and 7 
 8. 
9. Overpayment (line 8 less line 5) 
 9. 
10. Underpayment pine 5 less line 8)  
10. 
31565 . 
31566 . 
31565 . 
31566 . 
90148. 
20200. 
20200. 
58583 . 
27017 . 
15652 . 
90148. 
58583. 
47217. 
35852. 
58583. 
27017. 
15652. 
4286. 
—> COMPUTATION CONTINUES ON PAGE 2 
[ Exceptions that Avoid the Underpayment Penalty I 
Total cumulative amount paid or credited from the 
beginning of the taxable year through the 
installment dates that correspond to the 15th day 
of the 4th. 6th and 9th months of the taxable year 
and the 15th day of the first month of the 
succeeding taxal3le year  
AEXCEPTION I. 
. 
Mx wigs ay (2016) I •24 
130319. 
i - FIRST QUARTER 
2- SECOND OUARIFR 
3. THIRD QUARTER 
4. FOURTH MARTHA 
90148. 
90148. 
110348. 
130548. 
25% at 2015 tax 
32580. 
50% ol 2015 tax 
65160. 
75% 012015 tax 
97739. 
100% or 2013 tax 
130319. 
• EXCEPTION 2 - Tax on prior year's facts and law 
using 2016 rates (attach computation)  
• EXCEPTION 3 - Tax on annualized 2016 income 
(attach computation) 
• EXCEPTION 4 - Tax on 2016 income over 
short periods (attach computation) 
• EXCEPTION 5 - Tax on recurring seasonal 2016 
income (attach computation)  
Enter 25% of tax 
Enter 50/6 01 tax 
Ent,' 75% 0 tax 
Enter 100% of T.
ante 22.50% ot tax 
Enter 4596 0 tax 
Enter 67.50% 01 tax 
Enter MO of tax 
Erna 004 01 tax 
Ent,' 90% 44 tax 
EXCEPTION MET 
60611605 
694481 114)10-16 
YES 
YES 
YES 
YES NYC-2212010 
EFTA00806398
--- PAGE 287 ---
Form NYC-221- 2016 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
Page 2 
COMPUTATION OF PENALTY 
t• FIRST 
2- SECOND 
06-15-16 
3- 11661) 
4. FODIRDI 
09-15-16 
04-18-16 
01-17-17 
11. Enter the date of payment a the 15th day of the 4th 
month after the close of the taxable year. whichever 
is sailer  
12. Number of days from due date of instalment to 
the date shown on line 11 
13. Ntenbot of days on lane 12 ands 4/15/2016 and betas 7/1/2016 
14. Number of days on line 12 after 6/30/2016 and 
before 10/1/2016  
 14. 
15. Number of days on line 12 alter 9/30/2016 and 
before 1/1/2017  
 IS. 
16. Number of days on line 12 after12/31/2016 and 
before 4/1/2017  
 16. 
17. Number of days on line 12 after 3/31/2017 and 
before 7/1/2017  
 17. 
18. Number of days on line 12 after 6/30/2017 and 
before 10/1/2017  
 18. 
19. Number of days on line 12 alter 9/30/2017 and 
before 1/1/2018  
 19. 
20. Ntenbot of days on line 12 alW 1241/2017 and before 5/1512018 
12. 
13. 
20. 
21. Number of days on line 13 x 8% x amount on line 10 
366 
21. 
22. Number of days on line 14 x 8% x amount on line 10 
366 
23. Number of days on line 15 x 8% x amount on line 10 
366 
22. 
23. 
24. Number of days on line 16 x15 x amount on line 10 
365 
24. 
25. Number of days on line 17 x 
x amount ai line 10 
365 
25. 
26. Number of days on line 18x'% x amount ai line 10 
365 
26. 
27. Number of days on line 19 x 16 x amount on line 10 
365 
27. 
28. Number of days on line 20 x •96 x amount on line 10 
365 
28. 
29. Add IMes 21 through 28 
29. 
30. To complete this line, refer to the instructions for line 30 
30. 
31. Add the amounts on line 29 (or line 30, if applicable) for quarters through 4. Enter total and transfer amount to Form NYC-202 or 
NYC-202EIN, Schedule A, line 25c or Form NYC-204, Schedule A, line 27c (see instructions (or line 30)  
 31. 
60521605 
'For Information regarding interest rates, call 311. 
If calling from outside of the five NYC boroughs, 
please call 212-NEW-YORK (212-639-9675). 
You may also consult the Department of Finance website at nyc.gov/finance 
694482 11.09.16 
EFTA00806399
--- PAGE 288 ---
NYC Schedule C - Partnership Information 
Partnership Name NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
Partnership. Number 13-3495607 
Name and Address 
Resident of NYC 
Partner 
CLAXON INC C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
X Yes 
No 
Number 
Werest% 
WATTS STREET 
PartnerType 
42.0000000% NEW YORK, NY 10013 
CORPORATION 
General 
Limited 
Partner's Identification 
Percentage of Time 
Partner's 
Partner's 
Partner 
Number 
Devoted to Business 
Distributive Share 
Distributive Pet 
X 
13-3508513 
2,179,183. 
42.000016% 
Name and Address 
Resident of NYC 
Partner 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. C/O NEXT MA 
X Yes 
No 
Number 
Interest% 
WATTS STREET 
PaMerType 
31.0000000% NEW YORK, NY 10013 
SCORPORATION 
General 
Limited 
Partner's Identification 
Percentage of Time 
Partner's 
Partner's 
Partner 
Number 
Devoted to Business 
Distributive Share 
Distributive Pet 
X 
13-3501977 
1,608,443. 
30.999981% 
Name and Address 
Resident of NYC 
Partner 
THE WILCOR GROUP INC C/O NEXT MANAGE 
X Yes 
No 
Number 
Interest % 
WATTS STREET 
PaMerType 
27.0000000% NEW YORK, NY 10013 
SCORPORATION 
General 
Limited 
Partner's Identification 
Percentage of Time 
Partner's 
Partner's 
Partner 
Number 
Devoted to Business 
Distributive Share 
Distributive Pet 
X 
13-3682060 
1,400,903. 
27.000003% 
Name and Address 
Resident of NYC 
Partner 
Yes 
— 
No 
Number 
Interest % 
Partner Type 
General 
Limited 
Partners Identification 
Percentage of Time 
Partners 
Partners 
Partner 
Number 
Devoted to Business 
Distributive Share 
Distributive Pet 
Name and Address 
Resident of NYC 
Partner 
Yes 
— 
No 
Number 
Interest % 
Partner Type 
General 
Limited 
Partners Identification 
Percentage of Time 
Partners 
Partners 
Partner 
Number 
Devoted to Business 
Distributive Share 
Distributive Pet 
694441 
04.01.16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806400
--- PAGE 289 ---
NEW YORK CITY 
SCHEDULE K-1 
EQUIVALENT 
Beginning 
Partner's New York City Information 
For Calendar Year 2016 or Fiscal Year 
2016; and Ending 
2016 
Partners Name. Address a d ZIP Code 
CLAXON INC 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Partner Number 
Partner's Identifying Number 
13-3508513 
Resident 
Nonresident 
Amended Schedule K-1 Q 
Final Schedule K-1 
Partnership's Name, Address and ZIP Code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
Partnership's Identifying Number 
13-3495607 
Partner's Percentage of 
Ownership 
42.0000000%
Profit and Loss 42.0000000% 
% of time devoted 
Time devoted  
% of Total Distributive Shares 
42.000016% 
ITEMS OF BUSINESS INCOME, GAIN, LOSS OR DEDUCTION 
Ordinary income (loss) 
1050186. 
Net income (loss) from ALL rental real estate activity not included in line 1 
All portfolio income such as interest, dividends. royalties, annuity income and gain (loss) on the disposition 
of property held for investment not included In line 1 and line 2 
6707. 
Guaranteed payments to partners 
Payments to retired partners included in other deductions from federal Form 1065 
Other income not included in lines 1.2 and 3 
Charitable contributions 
I 7 I 
5255. 
Other deductions not included in lines 1.2 and 3 
Other items and amounts not included above that are required to be reported separately to partners STMT 
-27100. 
Total income (combine lines 1 through 9.00 NOT INCLUDE LINE 7) 
1029793. 
II Subtract (If loss. add) net income from rental or gain from sale or exchange of real property situated 
outside New York Cit if included in line 10 above 
Total income before New York City modifications (combine line 10 and line 11) 
102979 . 
NEW YORK CITY MODIFICATIONS 
Additions 
All income taxes and unincorporated business taxes 
53929. 
(a) Relocation credits 
14a 
(b) Expenses related to exempt income 
14b 
(c) Depreciation adjustments 
14c 
(d) Exempt activities 
14d 
Other additions 
SEE STATEMENT 
1196820. 
Total additions (add lines 13 through 15) 
1250749. 
Subt actions 
All income taxes and unincorporated business tax refunds 
Wages and salaries subject to federal jobs credit 
Depreciation adjustments 
Exempt income included in Part I. line 10 
50% of dividends 
Exempt activities 
Other subtractions 
SEE STATEMENT 
96104. 
Total subtractions (add lines 17 through 24) 
96104. 
694821 04.01-16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806401
--- PAGE 290 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
OTHER ADDITIONS TO INCOME 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
INDIRECT COMPENSATION TO PARTNERS 
1,196,820. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 15 
1,196,820. 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
OTHER SUBTRACTIONS FROM INCOME 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
PASSTHROUGH ADJUSTMENTS 
96,104. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 23 
96,104. 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
UBT PAID CREDIT INFORMATION 
DESCRIPTION 
UBT PAID NYC 204, SCHEDULE A, LINE 23 
CREDITS TAKEN NYC 204, SCHEDULE A, 
LINES 20, 22A, 22B, 22C & 22D 
PARTNER'S 
PARTNER'S 
TOTAL 
DISTRIB. % 
SHARE 
(A) 
(B) 
(A) X (B) 
140,291. 42.000016 
8,756. 42.000016 
58,922. 
3,678. 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
OTHER ITEMS 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
-27,100. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 9 
-27,100. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
PARTNER NUMBER 1 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806402
--- PAGE 291 ---
NEW YORK CITY 
SCHEDULE K-1 
EQUIVALENT 
Beginning 
Partner's New York City Information 
For Calendar Year 2016 or Fiscal Year 
, 2016; and Ending 
2016 
Partners Name. Address a d ZIP Code 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Partner Number 
Partner's Identifying Number 
13-3501977 
Resident 
Amended Schedule K-1 
Nonresident 
Final Schedule K-1 
Partnership's Name, Address and ZIP Code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
Partnership's Identifying Number 
13-3495607 
Partner's Percentage of 
Ownership 
31.0000000%
Profit and Loss 31.0000000% 
% of time devoted 
Time devoted  
% of Total Distributive Shares 
30.999981% 
ITEMS OF BUSINESS INCOME, GAIN, LOSS OR DEDUCTION 
Ordinary income (loss) 
775137. 
Net income (loss) from ALL rental real estate activity not included in line 1 
All portfolio income such as interest, dividends. royalties, annuity income and gain (loss) on the disposition 
of property held for investment not included in line 1 and line 2 
4950. 
Guaranteed payments to partners 
Payments to retired partners included in other deductions from federal Foim 1065 
Other income not included in lines 1.2 and 3 
Charitable contributions 
I 7 I 
3879. 
Other deductions not included in lines 1.2 and 3 
Other items and amounts not included above that are required to be reported separately to partners STMT 
-20002. 
Total income (combine lines 1 through 9.00 NOT INCLUDE LINE 7) 
760085. 
Subtract (If loss. add) net income from rental or gain from sale or exchange of real property situated 
outside New York City if included in line 10 above 
Total income before New York City modifications (combine line 10 and line 11) 
760085. 
NEW YORK CITY MODIFICATIONS 
Additions 
All income taxes and unincorporated business taxes 
39804. 
(a) Relocation credits 
14a 
(b) Expenses related to exempt income 
14b 
(c) Depreciation adjustments 
14c 
(d) Exempt activities 
14d 
Other additions 
SEE STATEMENT 
883368. 
Total additions (add lines 13 through 15) 
923172. 
Subt actions 
All income taxes and unincorporated business tax refunds 
Wages and salaries subject to federal jobs credit 
Depreciation adjustments 
Exempt income included in Part I. line 10 
50% of dividends 
Exempt activities 
Other subtractions 
SEE STATEMENT 
70935. 
Total subtractions (add lines 17 through 24) 
70935. 
694821 04.01-16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806403
--- PAGE 292 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
OTHER ADDITIONS TO INCOME 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
INDIRECT COMPENSATION TO PARTNERS 
883,368. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 15 
883,368. 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
OTHER SUBTRACTIONS FROM INCOME 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
PASSTHROUGH ADJUSTMENTS 
70,935. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 23 
70,935. 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
UBT PAID CREDIT INFORMATION 
DESCRIPTION 
UBT PAID NYC 204, SCHEDULE A, LINE 23 
CREDITS TAKEN NYC 204, SCHEDULE A, 
LINES 20, 22A, 22B, 22C & 22D 
PARTNER'S 
PARTNER'S 
TOTAL 
DISTRIB. % 
SHARE 
(A) 
(B) 
(A) X (B) 
140,291. 30.999981 
8,756. 30.999981 
43,490. 
2,714. 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
OTHER ITEMS 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
-20,002. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 9 
-20,002. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
PARTNER NUMBER 2 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806404
--- PAGE 293 ---
NEW YORK CITY 
SCHEDULE K-1 
EQUIVALENT 
Beginning 
Partner's New York City Information 
For Calendar Year 2016 or Fiscal Year 
, 2016; and Ending 
2016 
Partners Name. Address a d ZIP Code 
THE WILCOR GROUP INC. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Partner Number 
Partner's Identilying Number 
13-3682060 
Resident 
Amended Schedule K-1 
Nonresident 
Final Schedule K-1 
Partnership's Name, Address and ZIP Code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET, 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
Partnership's Identifying Number 
13-3495607 
Partner's Percentage of 
Ownership 
27.0000000%
Profit and Loss 27.0000000% 
% of time devoted 
Time devoted  
% of Total Distributive Shares 
27.000003% 
ITEMS OF BUSINESS INCOME, GAIN, LOSS OR DEDUCTION 
Ordinary income (loss) 
675119. 
Net income (loss) from ALL rental real estate activity not included in line 1 
All portfolio income such as interest, dividends. royalties, annuity income and gain (loss) on the disposition 
of property held for investment not included in line 1 and line 2 
4311. 
Guaranteed payments to partners 
Payments to retired partners included in other deductions from federal Foim 1065 
Other income not included in lines 1.2 and 3 
Charitable contributions 
I 7 I 
3378. 
Other deductions not included in lines 1.2 and 3 
Other items and amounts not included above that are required to be reported separately to partners STMT 
-17421. 
Total income (combine lines 1 through 9.00 NOT INCLUDE LINE 7) 
662009. 
II Subtract (If loss. add) net income from rental or gain from sale or exchange of real property situated 
outside New York City if included in line 10 above 
Total income before New York City modifications (combine line 10 and line 11) 
662009. 
NEW YORK CITY MODIFICATIONS 
Additions 
All income taxes and unincorporated business taxes 
34669. 
(a) Relocation credits 
14a 
(b) Expenses related to exempt income 
14b 
(c) Depreciation adjustments 
14c 
(d) Exempt activities 
14d 
Other additions 
SEE STATEMENT 
769384. 
Total additions (add lines 13 through 15) 
804053. 
Subt actions 
All income taxes and unincorporated business tax refunds 
Wages and salaries subject to federal jobs credit 
Depreciation adjustments 
Exempt income included in Part I. line 10 
50% of dividends 
Exempt activities 
Other subtractions 
SEE STATEMENT 
61781. 
Total subtractions (add lines 17 through 24) 
61781. 
694821 04.01-16 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806405
--- PAGE 294 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3495607 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
OTHER ADDITIONS TO INCOME 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
INDIRECT COMPENSATION TO PARTNERS 
769,384. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 15 
769,384. 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
OTHER SUBTRACTIONS FROM INCOME 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
PASSTHROUGH ADJUSTMENTS 
61,781. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 23 
61,781. 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
UBT PAID CREDIT INFORMATION 
DESCRIPTION 
UBT PAID NYC 204, SCHEDULE A, LINE 23 
CREDITS TAKEN NYC 204, SCHEDULE A, 
LINES 20, 22A, 22B, 22C & 22D 
PARTNER'S 
PARTNER'S 
TOTAL 
DISTRIB. % 
SHARE 
(A) 
(B) 
(A) X (B) 
140,291. 27.000003 
8,756. 27.000003 
37,879. 
2,364. 
NYC SCHEDULE K-1 
OTHER ITEMS 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
-17,421. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, LINE 9 
-17,421. 
14370912 758404 PNEXT100 
PARTNER NUMBER 3 
2016.05050 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
PNEXT104 
EFTA00806406

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806407.pdf
----------------------------------------
BERDON 
ACCOUNTANTS 
AND ADVISORS-
Next Management, LLC 
Watts Street 
6th Floor 
New York, NY 10013 
Dear Client, 
Enclosed are the following partnership returns prepared on behalf of Next Management, LLC for the 
year ended December 31, 2015. 
2015 U.S. Return of Partnership Income 
2015 IRS e-file Signature Authorization for Form 1065 
2015 California LLC Return of Income 
2015 California E-File Return Authorization for LLC's 
2015 Florida Partnership Information Return 
2015 State of New York Partnership Return 
2015 New York State E-File Signature Authorization for IT-204 
2015 New York City UBT Return for Partnerships 
2015 Signature Authorization for E-filed UBT Return 
2016 New York City Estimated Unincorporated Business Tax 
The original of each of the above mentioned returns should be dated and signed in accordance with the 
filing instructions included with the copy of the return. This copy is for your use and should be 
retained for your files. 
These return(s) were prepared from information provided by you or your representative. The 
preparation of tax returns does not include the independent verification of information used. 
Therefore, we recommend you review the return(s) before signing to ensure there are no omissions or 
misstatements. If you note anything which may require a change to the return(s), please contact us 
before filing them. 
Please return your signed electronic filing authorizations to us either by faxing to Berdon at 
212-699-8832 or by uploading to your Berdon portal. If you have any questions in this regard, contact 
your tax advisor. 
We appreciate this opportunity to serve you. Please contact us if you have any questions or if we may 
be of further assistance. 
Sincerely, 
Berdon LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
Enclosure(s) 
Berdon LLP • CPAs and Advisors 
360 Madison Avenue. New York. NY 10017. 212.832.04001 One Jericho Plaza. Jericho. NY 11753 .516.931.3100j www.8EFtDONLLP.com 
XL460 2.000 
EFTA00806407
--- PAGE 2 ---
Berdon LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
360 Madison Ave 
New York, NY 10017 
212-832-0400 
Next Management, LLC 
Instructions for Filing 
Form 8879-PE 
2015 IRS e-file Signature Authorization for Form 1065 
for the year ended December 31. 2015 
The original form should be signed (using full name and title) and dated by an authorized general partner or limited 
liability company member manager of the partnership. 
The signed form should be returned on or before September 15, 2016: 
Berdon LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
360 Madison Ave 
New York. NY 10017 
Or fax to: 212.699.8832 
Attn: Tax Control 
Or email to: efile@berdonllp.com 
DO NOT separately file a paper Form 1065 with the Internal Revenue Service. Doing so will delay the processing 
of your return. 
We must receive your signed form before we can electronically transmit your return. The Internal Revenue 
Service will notify us when your return is accepted. Please note that the IRS does not consider your return as filed 
until they confirm acceptance of the return. 
EFTA00806408
--- PAGE 3 ---
Form 8879-PE 
IRS e-file Signature Authorization for Form 1065 
O148 No. 1545-0123 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
Name of partnership 
► Do not send to the IRS. Keep for your records. 
► Information about Form 8879-PE and its instructions is at wwwirs.govilom78879pe. 
Fiat calendar year 2015. a lax year beginning 
201'.. are ma. 
2015 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Part I 
Employer Identification number 
13-3495607 
Return Information (Whole dollars only) 
Gross receipts or sales less returns and allowances (Form 1065. line 1c) 
20,059,894. 
Gross profit (Form 1065, line 3) 
20,059,894. 
Ordinary business income (loss) (Form 1065, line 22) 
2,415,902. 
Net rental real estate income (loss) (Form 1065, Schedule K, ine 2)  
Other net rental income (loss) (Form 1065, Schedule K, line 3c)  
Part II 
Declaration and Signature Authorization of General Partner or Limited Liability Company Member Manager 
(Be sure to get a copy of the partnership's return) 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I am a general partner or limited liability company member manager of the above partnership 
and that I have examined a copy of the partnership's 2015 electronic return of partnership income and accompanying schedules and 
statements and to the best of my knowledge and belief, it is true, correct, and complete. I further declare that the amounts in Part I 
above are the amounts shown on the copy of the partnership's electronic return of partnership income. I consent to allow my 
electronic return originator (ERO), transmitter, or intermediate service provider to send the partnership's return to the IRS and to 
receive from the IRS (a) an acknowledgement of receipt or reason for rejection of the transmission and (b) the reason for any delay in 
processing the return. I have selected a personal identification number (PIN) as my signature for the partnership's electronic return of 
partnership income. 
General Partner or Limited Liability Company Member Manager's PIN: check one box only 
I authorize  BERDON LLP 
to enter my PIN 
as my signature 
EROIrm name 
on the partnership's 2015 electronically filed return of partnership income. 
As a general partner or limited liability company member manager of the partnership, I will enter my PIN as my signature on 
the partnership's 2015 electronically filed return of partnership income. 
General partner or limited liability company member manager's signature ► 
Title ►PRES OF MEMBER—MGR 
Part III 
do not enter all zeros 
Date ► 
Certification and Authentication 
ERO's EFIN PIN. Enter your six-digit EFIN followed by your five-digit self-selected PIN. 
6 3 7 7 4- 11 3 
do not enter all zeros 
4. 
I certify that the above numeric entry is my PIN, which is my signature on the 2015 electronically filed return of partnership income for 
the partnership indicated above. I confirm that I am submitting this return in accordance with the requirements of Pub. 3112, IRS e-file 
Application and Participation, and Pub. 4163, Modernized e-File (MeF) Information for Authorized IRS e-iiie Providers tor Business 
Retums. 
EROs signature ► 
Date ► 
ERO Must Retain This Form - See Instructions 
Do Not Submit This Form to the IRS Unless Requested To Do So 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. see instructions. 
Form 8879-PE (nisi 
JS.A 
SPAM? 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
8 
EFTA00806409
--- PAGE 4 ---
F., 1065 
Department of the Treasury 
internal Revenue Service 
A Principal business actiaty 
U.S. Return of Partnership Income 
For calendar year 2015. or tax year beginning 
 2015, ending 
b Information about Form 1065 and its separate instructions is at www.lre.gov/form1065. 
OMB No. 1545.0123 
2015 
MODEL AGENCY 
BPMcipalswahmorsoMm 
MODELING 
AGENCY 
C Business code number 
812990
Type 
or 
Print 
G Check applicable boxes: 
Name of partnershp 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Number. street. and room or suite no. II a P.O. box. see the instructions. 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
City or town, state or province. country, and ZIP or breign postal code 
NEW YORK, NY 
10013 
(1) 
(6) 
Check accounting method: 1) 
Number of Schedules K-1. Attach one for each person who was a partner at any time during the tax year Itr. 
Check if Schedules C and M-3 are attached 
oemplayoridemiscationmmbef 
13-3495607 
E Date business stated 
01/04/1989
F Total assets (see the 
instructions) 
16,760.866. 
Initial return 
(2) K 
Final return (3) El Name change (4) 0 
Address change (5) 0 
Amended return 
Technical termination - also check (1) or (2)_ 
Cash 
(2) E 
Accrual 
(3) U 
Other (specify) b.  
Caution. Include arty trade or business income and expenses on lines la through 22 below. See the instructions for more information. 
. 
E 
— 
la Gross receipts or sates 
Ia
20,059,894. 
20,059,894. 
b Returns and allowances 
lb 
c Balance. Subtract line lb from line la  
Cost of goods sold (attach Form 1125•A) 
Gross profit. Subtract line 2 from line lc  
Ordinary income (loss) from other partnerships, estates, and trusts (attach statemenDSTMT. 1 
Net farm profit (loss) (attach Schedule F (Form 1040)) 
Net gain (loss) from Form 4797, Part II, line 17 (attach Form 4797)  
Other income (loss) (attach statement)  
SEE. STATEMENT 1.. . 
Total Income (loss). Combine lines 3 through 7 
lc 
20,059,894. 
248,456. 
-234,496. 
20,073,854. 
Deductions (see the Insbuctoes tor Imitations) 
Salaries arid wages (other than to partners) (less employment 
Guaranteed payments to partners 
Repairs and maintenance  
Bad debts  
Rent  
Taxes and licenses 
Interest 
16a Depreciation (if required, attach Form 4562) 
credits)  
SEE. 
16a 
STATEMENT J 
I 
120,998 
11,291,732. 
414,619. 
8,131. 
749,810. 
769,540. 
120,998. 
b Less depreciation reported on Form 1125-A and elsewhere on return 16b 
16c 
Depletion (Do not deduct oil and gas depletion.)  
Retirement plans, etc 
Employee benefit programs 
Other deductions (attach statement)  
 SEE. STATEMENT J..
. 
Total deductions. Add the amounts shown in the far right column for lines 9 through 20 . . . 
106,026. 
338,804. 
3,858,292. 
7 , 657, 952 . 
Ordinary business income (loss). Subtract line 21 from line 8  
2,415.902. 
Under penalties of penury. I declare that I have examined this return. incbding accompanying schedules and statem nts. and to the best of my 
knowledge and belief. it is true. correct. and complete. Declaration olpreparet (other than general partner or lasted liability company member manager) 
Sign 
Here 
is based on as information of which preparer has any knowledge. 
PRES or MEMBER-MGR 
FAITH KATES 
May the IRS &muss this mum with th 
praparor silo= bolos (see 
.nstrucbonsi? gil 
• Yes K 
Signature of general partner or kneed liability company member manager 
Date 
Paid 
Preparer 
Print/Type preparers name 
MARC YATKOWSKY 
Preparees signature 
Date 
CheckU it 
sell-employed 
PUN 
200002675
Firm's name 
le. 
BERDON LLP 
FlreYsEINK 3 — 0485070 
Use Only 
• 
Fires address Ili. 
360 MADISON AVE 
NEW YORK, NY 10017 
Phone no. 
212-832-0400 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions. 
Form 1065 (2015) 
SSA 
6P1010 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806410
--- PAGE 5 ---
Electronic Return Acknowledgement 
Tax Year : 2015 
Taxpayer: NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
ID No 
: 13-3495607 
Return No: R66297 
Return Identification Number 
: 4/18/2016 10:38:00 A 
Return Type 
: 7004 
Filing Type Description 
: FEDERAL EXTENSION 
Tax Period End Date 
: 12/31/2015 
Electronic Postmark 
: 4/18/2016 10:38:00 A 
Return Status 
: ACCEPTED 
Status Date 
: 04/18/2016 
ELECTRONIC POSTMARK: THIS IS THE TRANSMISSION DATE AND TIHESTAXP AS PER CENTRAL TIME. 
SX9000 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
08/16/2016 
10:42:01 
V 
EFTA00806411
--- PAGE 6 ---
Form 1065 (2015) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT. LLC 
13-3495607 
Page 2 
Schedule B 
a 
c 
e 
What 
X 
type of entity is filing this return? Check the a 
Domestic general partnership 
b 
Domestic limited liability company 
d 
Foreign partnership 
f 
licable box: 
Domestic limited partnership 
Domestic limited liability partnership 
Other ► 
Yes No 
X 
At any time during the tax year, was any partner in he partnership a disregarded entity, a partnership (including 
an entity treated as a partnership), a trust, an S corpo ation, an estate (other than an estate of a deceased partner), 
or a nominee or similar person? 
At the end of the tax year: 
a Did any foreign or domestic corporation, partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership), trust, or tax-
exempt organization, or any foreign government own, directly or indirectly, an interest of 50% or more in the profit, 
loss, or capital of the partnership? For rules of constructive ownership, see instructions. If "Yes," attach Schedule 
B-1, Information on Partners Owning 50% or More of the Partnership  
b Did any individual or estate own, directly or indirectly, an interest of 50% or more in the profit, loss, or capital of 
the partnership? For rules of constructive ownership, see instructions. If "Yes," attach Schedule B-1, Information 
on Partners Owning 50% or More of the Partnership  
X 
X 
At the end of the tax year, did the partnership: 
a Own directly 20% or more, or own, directly or indirectly, 
stock entitled to vote of any foreign or domestic corporation? 
instructions. If "Yes," complete () through (iv) below  
50% or more of the total 
For rules of 
voting power of all dasses of 
constructive ownership, see 
X 
(I) Name of caporation 
(II) Employer Identification 
Number (If any) 
(III) Country of 
Incorporation 
Qv) Percentage 
Owned in Voting Stock 
b Own directly an interest of 20% or more, or own, directly or indirectly, an interest of 50% or more in the p ofit, 
or capital in any foreign or domestic partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership) or in the beneficial 
interest of a trust? For rules of constructive ownership, see instructions. If "Yes," complete () through (v) below 
loss, 
. . . 
X 
(I) Named Entity 
0i) Employer 
Identification 
Number (if any) 
all) Type of 
Entity 
(Iv) Country of 
Organization 
(v) Maximum 
Percentage Owned in 
Prate. Loss. or Capital 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC 
20-1354409 PARTNERSHI 
US 
80.000 
Did the partnership file Form 8893, Election of Partnership Level Tax Treatment, or an election statement under 
section 6231(a)(1)(B)(ii) for partnership-level tax treatment, that is in effect for this tax year? See Form 8893 for 
more details 
Yes No 
X 
Does the partnership satisfy all four of the following conditions? 
a The partnership's total receipts for the tax year were less than $250,000. 
b The partnership's total assets at the end of the tax year were less than $1 million. 
c Schedules K-1 are filed with the return and furnished to the partners on or before the due date (including 
extensions) for the partnership return. 
d The partnership is not filing and is not required to file Schedule 11-3 
If "Yes," the partnership is not required to complete Schedules L, M-1, and M-2; Item F on page 1 of Form 1065; 
or hem Lon Schedule K-1. 
X 
Is this partnership a publicly traded partnership as defined in section 469(k)(2)?  
X 
During the tax year, did the partnership have any debt that was cancelled, was forgiven, or had the terms 
modified so as to reduce the principal amount of the debt? 
X 
X 
X 
Has this partnership filed, or is it required to file, Form 8918, Material Advisor Disclosure Statement, to provide 
information on any reportable transaction?  
At any time during calendar year 2015, did the partnership have an interest in or a signature or other authority over a 
financial account in a foreign country (such as a bank account, securities account, or other financial account)? See the 
instructions for exceptions and filing requirements for FInCEN Form 114, Report of Foreign Bank and Financial 
Accounts MAR If -Yes ' enter the name of the foreign country. ► 
UK 
Other Information 
JSa 
5P1020 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
Fan, 1065 2015, 
EFTA00806412
--- PAGE 7 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Form 1065 (2015) 
13-3495607 
Page 3 
Schedule B 
At any time during the tax year, did the partnership receive a distribution from, or was it the grantor of, or 
transferor to, a foreign trust? If -Yes; the partnership may have to file Form 3520, Annual Return To Report 
Transactions With Foreign Trusts and Receipt of Certain Foreign Gifts. See instructions  
Yes 
No 
X 
12a Is the partnership making, or had it previously made (and not revoked), a section 754 election'? 
See instructions for details regarding a section 754 election. 
b Did the partnership make for this tax year an optional basis adjustment under section 743(b) or 734(b)? If "Yes." 
attach a statement showing the computation and allocation of the basis adjustment. See instructions  
c Is the partnership required to adjust the basis of partnership assets under section 743(b) or 734(b) because of a 
substantial built-in loss (as defined under section 743(d)) or substantial basis reduction (as defined under section 
734(d))? If 'Yes," attach a statement showing the computation and allocation of the basis adjustment. See instructions 
X 
X 
X 
Check this box if, during the current or prior tax year, the partnership distributed any property received in a 
like-kind exchange or contributed such property to another entity (other than disregarded entities wholly 
owned by the partnership throughout the tax year) 
 Ito ni 
At any time during the tax year, did the partnership distribute to any partner a tenancy-in-common or other 
undivided interest in partnership property? 
X 
If the partnership is required to file Fonn 8858, Information Return of U.S. Persons With Respect To Foreign 
Disregarded Entities, enter the number of Forms 8858 attached. See instructions lo. 
Does the partnership have any foreign partners? If "Yes," enter the number of Forms 8805, Foreign Partner's 
Information Statement of Section 1446 Withholding Tax, filed for this partnership.b. 
X 
Enter the number of Forms 8865, Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, attached 
to this return. li-
18a Did you make any payments in 2015 that would require you to file Form(s) 1099? See instructions  
b If "Yes," did you or will you file required Form(s) 1099?  
X 
X 
Enter the number of Form(s) 5471, Information Return of U.S. Persons With Respect To Certain Foreign 
Corporations, attached to this return. Iii. 
Enter the number of partners that are foreign governments under section 892. Iii. 
Designation of Tax Matters Partner (see instructions) 
Enter below the general partner or member-manager designated as the tax matters partner (IMP) lot the tax year of this return: 
Other Information conbnued 
Named 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
designated 
TMP 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
If the IMP is an 
enti . name 
of TtyMP representative 
FAITH KATES 
Address d k 15 WATTS STREET 
designated 
r
6TH FLOOR 
IMP 
Identifying 
number of IMP 
Phone number 
of TMP 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
3 —3 501 977 
Form 1065 (2015) 
35* 
SP1035 2.000 
R66297 
608 
EFTA00806413
--- PAGE 8 ---
Form 1065 (2015) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Schedule K 
Partners' Distributive Share hems 
Total amount 
Income (Loss) 
Ordinary business income (loss) (page 1, line 22) 
Net rental real estate income (loss) (attach Form 8825) 
3a Other gross rental income (loss)  
b Expenses from other rental activities (attach statement) . , . , 
c Other net rental income (loss). Subtract line 3b from line 3a 
Guaranteed payments 
Interest income 
 SEE. 
Dividends: 
a Ordinary dividends 
b Oualified dividends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) (attach Schedule D (Form 1065))  
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) (attach Schedule D (Form 1065  
b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
c Unrecaptured section 1250 gain (attach statement)  
Net section 1231 gain (loss) (attach Form 4797) 
Other income (loss) (see instructions) Time,. 
3a 
2, 415, 902 . 
3c 
3b 
16b 
STATEMENT 2 . . 
I 
17, 910. 
6a 
) 
9b I 
9a 
9c 
Deductions 
Section 179 deduction (attach Form 4562) 
 SEE. STATEMENT Z 
13a Contributions  
 SEE. STATEMENT 3.
b Investment interest expense 
c Section 59(e)(2) expenditures: 
(1) Type N. 
(2) Amount Iiii• 
191,194. 
13a 
103,335. 
13b 
1_3O2) 
d Other deductions (see instructions) 
Type Iii 
13d 
it 
ti 
a E 
14a Net earnings (loss) from self-employment  
b Gross farming or fishing income 
c Gross nonfarm income 
14a 
14b 
14c 
Credits 
15a Low-income housing credit (section 42(j)(5))  
b Low-income housing credit (other) 
c Qualified rehabilitation expenditures (rental real estate) (attach Form 3468, if applicable) 
d Other rental real estate credits (see instructions) 
Type IN. 
1_5a 
15b 
1_5c 
t5d 
e Other rental credits (see instructions) 
Type lo. 
U. 
f Other credits (see instructions) 
Type 0 
15f 
Foreign Transactions 
16a Name of country or U.S. possession 0. 
16b 
b Gross income from aN sources 
c Gross income sourced at partner level 
Foreign gross income sourced at partnership level 
d Passive category 0.. 
e General category 0. 
f Other 0.. 
16c 
16f 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
g Interest expense 0. 
h Other  
0. 
source income 
k Other 0. 
16h 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partnership level to foreign 
i Passive category O. 
j General category 0 
16k 
I Total foreign taxes (check one): 0. 
Paid 
Accrued U 
161 
m Reduction in taxes available for credit (attach statement) 
n Other foreign tax information (attach statement)  
16m 
Alternative 
Minimum Tax 
(AMT) Items 
17a Post-1986 depreciation adjustment  
 SEE. STATEMENT 3 
b Adjusted gain or loss  
c Depletion (other than oil and gas)  
d Oil, gas. and geothermal properties - gross income 
e Oil, gas, and geothermal properties - deductions  
f Other AMT items (attach statement) 
17a 
—976. 
17b 
17c 
17d 
17e 
17f 
Other Information 
18a Tax-exempt interest income  
b Other tax-exempt income 
c Nondeductible expenses 
 5gg. STATMW4' 1 
19a Distributions of cash and marketable securities  
b Distributions of other property 
20a Investment income  
b Investment expenses 
c Other items and amounts (attach statement)  
18a 
lab 
18c 
118,554. 
19a 
3,000,000. 
19b 
20a 
17,910. 
20b 
13-349 6 7 
Fa0e4 
Form 1065 (2015) 
JSA 
SP 1030 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806414
--- PAGE 9 ---
Form loss mist 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Analysts of Net Income (Loss) 
13-3495607 
Pages 
a 
Net income (loss). Combine Schedule K, lines 1 through 11. From the result, subtract the sum of 
Schedule K, lines 12 through 13d, and 161 
Analysis by 
partner type: 
General partners 
b Limited artners 
Balance Sheets per Books 
Assets 
Cash  
2a Trade notes and accounts receivable 
b Less allowance for bad debts 
Inventories  
U.S. government obligations 
Tax-exempt securities  
Other current assets (attach statement) 
7a Loans to partners (or persons related to partners) 
b Mortgage and real estate loans 
Other investments (attach statement) 
9a Buildings and other depreciable assets 
b Less accumulated depreciation 
10a Depletable assets  
b Less accumulated depletion  
Land (net ol any amortization)  
12a Intangible assets (amortizable only) 
b Less accumulated amortization 
Other assets (attach statement)  
Total assets 
Liabilities and Capital 
Accounts payable 
Mortgages. notes. bonds payable in less than 1 year 
Other current liabilities (attach statement) 
All nonrecourse loans  
a Loans from partners (or persons related to partners) 
b Mortgages. notes. bonds payable s. 1 yew or more 
Other liabilities (attach statement)  
Partners' capital accounts  
Total liabilities and capital  
17,918,920. 
Schedule M-1 
2,139,283 
(0 Corporate 
(a) Individual 
(active) 
(IN) Individual 
(passive) 
(Iv) Partnership 
(v Exempt 
Organization 
(vi) 
Nominee/Other 
2.139.283. 
Beginning of tax year 
End of ax year 
(a) 
b) 
(c) 
(d) 
526,765 
577 394 
532 783 
9,290,056. 
9,190,056. 
100,000 
426,765 
100,000 
STMT 4 
228,894 
176 432 
STMT 4 
—214 609 
446 
4,116,424 
4,123,029. 
577 355 
539,069 
396 487 
726 542. 
STMT 4 
361 407 
051 607 
918,_920.
16,760 
866 
449,263 
12,182,330 
STMT 4 
1, 304, 038 
786 832 
STMT 4 
1, 314, 035 
620 133 
1,851, 584.
171 571 
16,760.866. 
Reconciliation of Income (Loss) per Books With Income (Loss) per Return 
Note. The partnership may be required to tile Schedule M-3 (see instructions). 
Net income (loss) per books 
Income included on Schedule K. lines I. 2.3c 
5. 6a. 7. 8. 9a. 10. and 11. not recorded on 
bocks this year (Itemize): 
Guaranteed 
payments 
(other 
than 
health insurance) 
Expenses recorded on books this year 
not included on Schedule K. lines 1 
through 13d. and 16I(Itemize): 
a Depreciation  
b Travel and entertainment 
Add lines 1 through 4  
Schedule M-2 
Income recorded on books this yew not included 
on Schedule K. lines I through 11 (itemize): 
a Tax-exempt interest 
Deductions included on Schedule K, lines 
through 13d, and 161 not charged 
against book income this year (Itemize): 
a Depreciation $ 
Add lines 6 and 7 
Income (loss) (Analysis of Net Income 
(Loss), line 1). Subtract line 8 from line 5. . 
Analysis of Partners' Capital Accounts 
Balance at beginning ol year  
Capital contributed: a Cash  
b Property 
Net income (loss) per books  
Other increases (Itemize):  
Add lines 1 through 4  
1,851,584. 
2,319,987. 
4,171,571. 
Distributions: a Cash . . STMT. 5. .  
b Property  
Other decreases (Itemize): 
3,000,000.
Add lines 6 and 7 
Balance at end of year. Subtract line 8 from line 5 
3,000,000. 
1,171,571. 
JsA 
5P1035 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
Form 1065 (2015) 
EFTA00806415
--- PAGE 10 ---
SCHEDULE C 
(Form 1065) 
(Rev. December 2014) 
Department of the Treasury 
Interns Revenue Service 
Name of partnershp 
Additional Information for Schedule M-3 Filers 
► Attach to Form 1065. See separate instructions. 
► Information about Schedule C (Form 1065) and its instructions is at wwwirs.govilorrn1065. 
OMB No. 1646-0123 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, 
LLC 
Employer Identification number 
13-3495607 
At any time during the tax year. were there any transfers between the partnership and its partners subject to the 
disclosure requirements of Regulations section 1.707-8?  
Does any amount reported on Schedule M-3. Part II. lines 7 or 8. column (d), reflect allocations to this partnership 
from another partnership of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit that are disproportionate to this partnership's 
share of capital in such partnership or its ratio for sharing other items of such partnership9
At any time during the tax year. did the partnership sell, exchange, or transfer any interest in an intangible asset to 
a related person as defined in sections 267(b) and 707(b)(1)?  
At any time during the tax year, did the partnership acquire any interest in an intangible asset from a related 
person as defined in sections 267(b) and 707(b)(1)?  
At any time during the tax year, did the partnership make any change in accounting principle for financial 
accounting purposes? See instructions for a definition of change in accounting principle  
At any time during the tax year, did the partnership make any change in a method of accounting for U.S. income 
tax purposes?  
Yes No 
X 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see the Instructions for Form 1065. 
Schedule C (Form 1065) (Rev. 2.2014) 
JSA 
5P1037 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806416
--- PAGE 11 ---
SCHEDULE M-3 
(Form 1065) 
DCD4 nm Cft of tnc PO.rAir, 
Internal Revenue Santee 
Net Income (Loss) Reconciliation 
for Certain Partnerships 
We Attach to Form 1065 or Form 1065-B. 
ie. Information about Schedule M-3 (Form 1065) and its instructions is at wwwirs.gov. lorm1065. 
OMB No. 1545.0123 
2015 
Name ol partnership 
Employer identification number 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
This Schedule M-3 is being filed because (check all that apply): 
A 
X The amount of the partnership's total assets at the end of the tax year is equal to $10 million or more. 
j. 
The amount of the partnership's adjusted total assets for the tax year is equal to $10 million or more. If box B is checked, 
enter the amount of adjusted total assets for the tax year  
19,760,866.  . 
C K 
The amount of total receipts for the tax year is equal to $35 million or more. If box C is checked, enter the total receipts for 
the tax year 
D K 
An entity that is a reportable entity partner with respect to the partnership owns or is deemed to own an interest of 50 
percent or more in the partnership's capital, profit, or loss, on any day during the tax year of the partnership. 
Name of Reportable Entity Partner 
Identifying Number 
Maximum Percentage Owned or 
Deemed Owned 
aE
Voluntary Filer. 
la Did the partnership file SEC Form 10-K for its income statement period ending with or within this tax year? 
Yes. Skip lines 1 b and lc and complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that SEC Form 10-K. 
No. Go to line lb. See instructions if multiple non-tax-basis income statements are prepared. 
b Did the partnership prepare a certified audited non-tax-basis income statement for that period? 
E
Yes. Skip line lc and complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that income statement. 
No. Go to line lc. 
c Did the partnership prepare a non-tax-basis income statement for that period? 
Yes. Complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that income statement. 
No. Skip lines 2 through 3b and enter the partnership's net income (loss) per its books and records on line 4a. 
Enter the income statement period: Beginning 01/01/2015 
Ending12/31/2015 
3a Has the partnership's income statement been restated for the income statement period on line 2? 
Yes. (If "Yes; attach a statement and the amount of each item restated.) 
No. 
Financial Information and Net Income (Loss) Reconciliation 
b Has the partnership's income statement been restated for any of the live income statement periods immediately preceding the period on line 2? 
Yes. (If "Yes; attach a statement and the amount of each item restated.) 
No. 
4a Wo 
b Indicate 
ldwide consolidated net income (loss) from income statement source identified in Part I, line 1 
accounting standard used for line 4a (see instructions): 
4a 
2,319,987. 
I X 
GAAP 
IFRS 
D 
704(b) 
Tax-basis 
Other: (Specify) IP. 
5a Net 
__ 
_ 
income from nonincludible foreign entities (attach statement)  
5a ( 
b Net loss from nonincludible foreign entities (attach statement and enter as a positive amount) 
5b 
6a Net income from nonincludible U.S. entities (attach statement)  
6a ( 
b Net loss from nonincludible U.S. entities (attach statement and enter as a positive amount) 
6b 
7a Net income (loss) of other foreign disregarded entities (attach statement)  
7a 
b Net income (loss) of other U.S. disregarded entities (attach statement) 
7b 
Adjustment to eliminations of transactions between includible entities and nonincludible entities 
(attach statement)  
Adjustment to reconcile income statement period to tax year (attach statement) 
Other adjustments to reconcile to amount on line 11 (attach statement)  
Net income (loss) per income statement of the partnership. Combine lines 4a through 10. . . . 11 
2,319,987 . 
Note: Part I, line 11, must equal Part II, line 26, column (a) or Schedule M-1, line 1 (see instructions) 
Enter the total amount (not just the partnership's share) of the assets and liabilities ol all entitles included or removed on the following lines: 
a Included on Part I, line 4 
b Removed on Part I. fine 5 
c Removed on Part I. line 6 
d Included on Part I, line 7 
Total Assets 
16,760,866.
Total Liabilities 
15,589,295.
dye, For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see the Instructions for your return. 
SP 1042 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
S chedule 14-3 (Form 1065) 2015 
EFTA00806417
--- PAGE 12 ---
Schedule M4 (Form 1065) 2015 
Page 2 
Name of parinershp 
Part II 
Employer Identification number 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) per Income Statement of Partnership With Income (Loss) per 
Return 
Income (Lose) Items 
IMUICh statements sar lines 1 through let 
I 
income (loss) Iron EquityM(00d MOW 
~pennons  
Gross toreegn &Mends nee preecosly taxed 
enapan F. OEF. ans ~MI room ~UM . . 
Gross loregn Sikhism: pnwcosty taxed 
meows (U10)110. saucy Weed US. ~maw 
U.S. diedends  
Income005s' from u.S. panncarar. 6 
II 
Income (loss) tram foram, partnerships .  
Income (loss, front ena sossIncutib 
entities  
gems relating to repcdeble trent9COM5 .  
Intetest frame (me insouctonal 
TOW accrual »Men letbuSMent 
Hed9in0 usms833717 
mark.temarket income (loss)  
Is Cost Moot& sold (see insaucitynt . .  
Sale ~sue lease 00r sears ardor 1~41) .  
Section 481(a) alumnus  
Unearnedkieterted revenue  
Income recognition (ran bog-term cortrms 
Original :me discount and other imputed 
,teren  
21e Income statement gainiloes on 
sale 
exchange. Mean:lawn:M. worthlessness 
or other mammon of assets other than 
inventory and pass-through entities. . . . 
b Gass capital gains from Schedule Q credo. 
ding amoures from pass-through entities . . 
c Gess caplet losses from Schedule D. 
exCludng 
amounts horn 
pal354breUgh 
entities. abandonment loses, and wont: 
stock losses  
d Nol gan/loss reported on Form 4797. Inc 
I?. exdudrg amounts from pus-through 
entities. aban000Metell04403. and wrolhke-s 
stock losats  
e Abandonment lasses  
Worthless stock losses (Mach statement'. . 
Other ganlloss on cfspeolson of assns other 
than inventory  
Other income 1o55) dens with ChllegenCe5 
latliaCh 51$100130)  
Total Income (loss) Items. Corrbine Ines I 
through 22  
Total exponse'deductIon Hems. Morn Pal II 
me 31) Imo nstmclons)  
Other gems with fledges:ewe:STMT. 7 
Raemeseelon saute Corium iron 23 mom 25 
(a) 
Income (Loss) per 
Income Statement 
(b) 
Temporary 
Difference 
(c) 
Permanent 
Difference 
CO 
Income (Loss) per 
Tax Return 
298,055. 
5,160. 
-59.919. 
243,296. 
17,910. 
17.910. 
( 
) 
( 
) 
315,965. 
5,160. 
-59.919. 
261,206. 
-12,859.017. 
-216,737. 
90,792. 
—12,984,962. 
14.863.039. 
14,863,039. 
2,319,987. 
-211,577. 
30,873. 
2,139,283. 
Note: Line 26, column (a), must equal Part I, line 11, and column (d) must equal Form 1065, Analysis of Net Income (Loss). line 1. 
Schedule h1-3 (Form 1065) 2015 
JSA 
51.1043 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806418
--- PAGE 13 ---
Schedule M-3 (Form 1065) 2015 
Page 3 
Name of partnershp 
Part III 
Employer Identification number 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) per Income Statement of Partnership With income (Loss) per 
Return - Expense/Deduction items 
Expense/Deduction Items 
I 
Slate and kcal current income lax expense 
Slate and kcal deterred ncome tax eipense 
Foreign current mane lax expense (other 
than foreign wthhoidag taxes)  
Foreign deterred income lax expense 
S 
Equity based compensation 
lAeals and ereenaninall  
Fines and penalties 
.lioam•rn. eamiges. innede.ans witness 
Guaranteed payments  
Pension and peafesharing  
II 
Other post.relirement benefits  
Deferred Dampen:anal 
Charitable conabution of cash and tangible 
property  
Charitable conInbuton et intsigible properly 
II 
Organizational eoponses as per Regulations 
section 1.709-2(al  
II 
Syndication expenses as per Regulations 
section 1.709•2gol 
Current year acquisitionheaganization 
investment barildro lees 
II 
Current year acquisibanseceganixaban legal 
and accounting Ices  
Amortization:impairment et goodeil . .  
Amortization el acquisition. reorganization 
and statue costs  
Other amorfization et impainnall wnto.cels 
Reserved  
23a °optimal • 04 & Gas 
b Depletion - Other than On & Gas 
Intangible biting 6 development cost 
.  
Doprociatian  
Sad debt exprise  
2/ 
Interest expense (see munitions, . . .  
Purchase versus lease (la purchasers and 
a lessees) 
Research and development costs 
Other expense deducbcn items with 
differences (sten staterront)STMT 8 
TOP OrarnP1100•11101. erre. coterie ties I 
vireo It Env Sea and en Pan i. M. 24. 
caPPIPP poses accounts as nagatia ens eflatita 
amanita. palkOre  
(a) 
Expense per 
Income Statement 
Ot) 
Temporary 
Difference 
(c) 
Permanent 
Difference 
(d) 
Deduction per 
Tax Return 
155,391. 
155,391. 
4.000. 
-4.000. 
181,584. 
-90,792. 
90,792. 
98,175. 
98,175. 
20,790. 
179.824. 
200.614. 
159,326. 
152,866. 
312,192. 
8,131. 
8,131. 
12.231.620. 
-111,953. 
12.119.667. 
12.859.017. 
216.737. 
-90.792. 
12,984,962. 
Schedule M-3 (Form 1065) 2015 
35.a 
5P1044 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806419
--- PAGE 14 ---
OMB No. 1545-0123 
Form 8916-A 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
Name ol common parent 
Supplemental Attachment to Schedule M-3 
► Attach to Schedule M-3 for Form 1065. 1120, 1120-L. 1120-PC. or 1120S. 
► Information about Form 8916-A and its instructions is at knnvirs.gotelorrn1120. 
2015 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Name ol subsidiary 
Employer Identification number 
13-3495607 
Employer Identification number 
Part I 
Cost of Goods Sold 
Cost of Gads Sold Items 
Amounts attributable to cost 
flow assumptions  
Amounts attributable to: 
a Stock option expense  
b Other equity based 
compensation 
e Meals and entertainment 
d Parachute payments  
e Compensation with section 
162(m) limitation  
I 
Pension and profit sharing, 
g Other post-retirement benefits 
h Deferred compensation 
I 
Reserved  
j 
Amortization  
k Depletion  
I 
Depreciation  
m Corporate owned life insurance 
premiums 
n Other section 263A costs 
Inventory shrinkage accruals, 
Excess inventory and 
obsolescence reserves 
Lower of cost or market write-
downs  
Other Items with differences 
(attach statement) 
Other items with no differences 
Total cost of goods sold. Add 
lines 1 through 7 in columns 
a, b. c. and d. Enter totals on the 
applicable Schedule M-3. See 
instructions 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. see instructions. 
Form 8916-A (2015) 
(a) 
Expense per 
Income Statement 
(b) 
Temporary 
Difference 
(e) 
Permanent 
Difference 
Off 
Deduction per Tax 
Return 
J SA 
SX9035 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806420
--- PAGE 15 ---
Form 8916-A (20t5) NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Noe 2 
Part II 
Interest Income 
Interest Income Item 
Tax-exempt interest 
income 
Interest income from hybrid 
securities 
Sale/lease interest income 
4a Intercompany interest 
Income - From outside tax 
affiliated group 
Intercompany interest 
Income - From tax 
affiliated group 
Other Interest income 
Total interest income. Add 
lines 1 through 5 in columns 
a, b, c, and d. Enter total on 
the applicable Schedule M-3. 
See instructions. 
Part 
(a) 
Income (Loss) per Income 
Statement 
(b) 
Temporary 
Difference 
(c) 
Permanent 
Difference 
17,910.
17.910. 
(d) 
Income (Loss) per 
Tax Return 
17,910. 
17.910. 
Interest Expense 
Interest Expense Item 
3a 
Interest expense from 
hybrid securities 
Leasetpurchase interest 
expense 
Intercompany interest 
expense - Pad to outside 
tax affiliated group 
Intercompany interest 
expense - Paid to tax 
affiliated group 
3b 
Other Interest expense 
Total interest expense. Add 
lines 1 through 4 in columns 
a, b, c. and d. Enter total on 
the applicable Schedule M-3. 
See instructions. 
(a) 
Expense per Income 
Statement 
(b) 
Temporary 
Difference 
(c) 
Permanent 
Difference 
(d) 
Deduction per Tax Return 
Form 8916-A (2015) 
5X9036 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806421
--- PAGE 16 ---
F.,„, 4562 
NipailmOMOttel[Poarur, 
Interne/ Revenue &IVO 
(99) 
Name(s) shown on return 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Business or activity to which this form relates 
Depreciation and Amortization 
(Including Information on Listed Property) 
► Attach to your tax return. 
► Information about Form 4562 and its separate instructions is at onvwdrs.gov/form4562. 
OMB No. 1545.0172 
2015 
Attachment 
Sequence No. 179 
NEXT 
Part I 
MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Identifying number 
3-3 4 9 5 6 07 
Election To Expense Certain Property Under Section 179 
Note: If you have any listed property, complete Part V before you complete Part I. 
Maximum amount (see instructions) 
Total cost of section 179 properly placed in service (see instructions) 
Threshold cost of section 179 property before reduction in limitation (see instructions)  
Reduction in limitation. Subtract line 3 from line 2. If zero or less, enter -0-
DOWN limitation ter lac year. SODIUM:Atha 4 WM line 1.1 zer0Or Len. enter 
ME/1,00 51115 
Sapasalelv. see instructions  
(a) Description of property 
(b) Cost (business use only) 
(c) Elected cost 
00, 0 0 0 . 
346,797. 
2,000.000. 
SEE DEPRECIATION DETAIL 
191,194.
Listed property. Enter the amount from line 29 
7
Total elected cost of section 179 property. Add amounts in column (c), nes 6 and 7  
Tentative deduction. Enter the smaller of line 5 or line 8  
Carryover of disallowed deduction from line 13 of your 2014 Form 4562  
Business Income limitation. Enter the smaller of business income (not less than zero) or line 5 (see Instructions) 
Section 179 amens. deduction. Add lines 9 and 10, but do not enter more than line 11  
Carryover of disallowed deduction to 2016. Add lines 9 and 10, less line 12 , 
Note: Do not use Part II or Part Ill below for listed property. Instead, use Pal V. 
Part II 
00, 0 0 0 . 
191,194. 
191,194. 
500.000. 
191.194. 
1 
Special Depreciation Allowance and Other Depreciation (Do not include listed property) See instructions.) 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified property (other than listed property) placed in service 
during the tax year (see instructions)  
77,802. 
Properly subject to section 168(1)(1) election  
Other depreciation (includng ACRS)  
24.391. 
Part III 
MACRS Depreciation (Do not include listed properly.) (See instructions.) 
Section A 
MACRS deductions for assets placed in service in tax years beginning before 2015 
1 
18, 805 
If you are electing to group any assets placed in service during the tax year into one or more general 
asset accounts, check here 
.1-1 
Section B - Assets Placed in Service During 2015 Tax Year Using the General Depredation System 
(a) Classification dproperly 
(b) Month and year 
placed in 
service 
(c) Basis for depreciation 
(businesarimestment use 
only - see insmictions) 
Reemery
naiad
r — 
(e) Convention 
(I) Method 
(g) Depreciation deduction 
19a 
3-year property 
b 5-year property 
e 7-year property 
d 10-year properly 
e 15-year properly 
f 20-year properly 
g 25-year properly 
yrs. 
S/L 
h Residential rental 
property 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
S/L 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
S/L 
i Nonresidential real 
property 
yrs. 
MM 
S/L 
MM 
SIL 
Section C - Assets Placed in Service During 2015 Tax Year Using the Alternative De reciation System 
20a Class life 
SIL 
b 12-year 
yrs. 
SIL 
e 40-year 
yrs. 
MM 
SIL 
Part IV Summary (See instructions.) 
Listed property. Enter amount from line 28  
Total. Add amounts from line 12. lines 14 through 17. lines 19 and 20 In column (g). and line 21. Enter here 
and on the appropriate lines of your return. Partnerships and S corporations -see instructions  
120,998. 
For assets shown above and placed in service during the current year. enter the 
portion of the basis attributable to section 263A costs 
-ISA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions. 
5)(2300 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
Form 4562 (2015) 
EFTA00806422
--- PAGE 17 ---
NEXT 
4562 MANAGEMENT
15) 
, LLC 
For 
(20
13-34942i 
Part V 
Listed Property (Include automobiles, certain other vehicles, certain aircraft, certain computers, and property 
used for entertainment, recreation, or amusement.) 
Note: For any vehicle for which you are using the standard mileage rate or deducting lease expense, complete only 24a, 
24b, columns (a) through (c) of Section A, all of Section B, and Section C if applicable. 
Section A - Depreciation and Other information (Caution: See the instructions for limits for passenger automobiles.) 
24a Do you have evidence to support the businessAnvestment use claimed?I 
I Yes I 
I No 124b if "Yes,* is the evidence written? I 
I Yes I 
I No 
(a) 
Type d propeny fret 
vehicles first)
(b) 
Date placed 
service 
(c)
Business/ 
investment use 
percentage 
(r4 
Cost or ether barn 
(e) 
Basis tordepredalios 
use only) 
(0 
0Recovery 
necovelY 
period 
(0) 
Method? 
Convention 
01) 
Depreciation 
deduction 
(0 
Elected scam 179 
Dom 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified listed property placed in service during 
the tax year and used more than 50% in a qualified business use (see instructions)  
Property used more than 50% in a qualified business use: 
qi
% 
Property used 50% or less in a qualified business use: 
S/L • 
rS/1J 
SiL • 
Add amounts in co umn (h), lines 25 hrough 27. Enter here and on line 21, page 1 
128 
Add amounts in co umn (i), line 26. Enter here and on line 7, page 1 
Section B - Information on Use of Vehicles 
Complete this section for vehicles used by a sole proprietor. partner, or other "more than 5% owner." or related person. If you p melded vehicles 
to your employees, first answer the questions in Section C to see it you meet an exception to completing this section for those vehicles. 
Total business/investment miles driven during 
the year (do not include commuting miles), , , 
Total commuting miles driven during the year  
Total 
other 
personal 
(noncommuting) 
miles driven  
Total miles driven during the year. Add 
lines 30 through 32  
Was the vehicle available for personal 
use during off-duty hours? 
Was the vehicle used primarily by a more 
than 5% owner or related person?  
Is another vehicle available for personal 
use? 
(a) 
Vehicle 1 
Vehicle 2 
(c) 
Vehicle 3 
(d) 
Vehicle 4 
(e) 
Vehicle 5 
(0 
Vehicle 6 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
l 
Section C - Questions for Employers Who Provide Vehicles for Use by Their Employees 
Answer these questions to determine if you meet an exception to completing Section B for vehicles used by employees who are not 
more than 5% owners or related persons (see instructions). 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits all personal use of vehicles, including commuting, by 
your employees? 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits personal use of vehicles, except commuting, by your 
employees? See the instructions for vehicles used by corporate officers, directors, or 1% or more owners  
Do you treat all use of vehicles by employees as personal use? 
Do you provide more than five vehicles to your employees, obtain information from your employees about the 
use of the vehicles, and retain the information received?  
Do you meet the requirements concerning qualified automobile demonstration use? (See instructions.)  
Note: If your answer to 37, 38, 39, 40, or 41 is "Yes," do not complete Section B for the covered vehicles. 
Part VI 
Yes 
No 
Amortization 
(0) 
(a)
Date amortization 
(0)
(d) 
Amortization 
(I) 
Description of costs 
begins 
Amortizable amount 
Code section 
period or 
percentage 
Amortization for this year 
Amortization of costs that begins during your 2015 tax ear (see instructions): 
ORGANIZATION COSTS 
[
06/15/2015 
15,790. 
709 
15.000 
614. 
Amortization of costs that began before your 2015 tax year  
Total. Add amounts in column (f). See the instructions for where to report  
200,000. 
200,614. 
JSA 
5%2310 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
Form 4562 (2015) 
EFTA00806423
--- PAGE 18 ---
INCOME FROM OTHER PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
Activity Name and Address 
ID Number and Type of Income 
C.A:ray InCgrineihrousra MOS MOP 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
20-1354409 
,GENERAL TRADE/BUSINESS NO 
NO 
NO 
Ordinary income (loss) from trade or business activities  
248,456. 
Rental real estate income (loss)  
Other rental income (loss)  
Guaranteed payments 
Interest Income (loss)  
6a 
Total ordinary dividends 
6b 
Qualified dividends  
Royalty Income (loss)  
Net short-term capital gain (loss) (entire year) 
9a 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) (entire year)  
9b 
Collectibles (28%) gain (loss)  
9c 
Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) (entire year) 
Other Income (loss)  
Section 179 expense deduction  
13a-g 
Charitable contributions  
SEE STATEMENT 9 
5,160. 
13h 
Interest expense on investment debts  
131, k, I 
Deductions related to portfolio income 
13j 
Section 59(e)(2) expenditures  
13m-w 
Other deductions  
15a, c 
Low-Income housing credit from section 42(D(5) partnerships 
15b, d 
Low-Income housing credit (other)  
15e 
Qualified rehabilitation expenditures related to rental real estate activates 
151 
Credits related to rental real estate activities  
15g 
Credits related to other rental activities 
15h-p 
Other credits  
16b 
Gross income from all sources  
16c 
Gross Income sourced at partner level  
16d 
Foreign gross Income (partnership level): Passive  
16e 
Foreign gross Income (partnership level): General categories  
16I 
Foreign gross Income (partnership level): Other 
16g 
Deductions allocated and apponioned (partner leveg: Interest expense  
16h 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partner levee: Other  
16i 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partnership level): Passive  
16j 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partnership level): General category  
16k 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partnership level): Other 
16I 
Total foreign taxes paid  
16m 
Total foreign taxes accrued  
16n 
Reduction in taxes available for credit  
16o 
Foreign trading gross receipts  
16p 
Extraterritorial income exclusion  
16q 
Other foreign transactions 
17a 
Depredation adjustment on property placed in service after 1986 
-58. 
17b 
Adjusted gain or loss  
17c 
Depletion (other than oil and gas)  
17d 
Gross Income from oil. gas, and geothermal properties  
17e 
Deductions allocable  
17I 
Other adjustments and tax preference items  
18a 
Tax-exempt Interest income  
18b 
Other tax-exempt income  
18c 
Nondeductible expenses  
SEE STATEMENT 9 
27,762. 
20a 
Investment income  
20b 
Investment expenses  
20c-z 
Other information  
JSA 
5P9055 I 000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806424
--- PAGE 19 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed In 
service 
Unadjusted 
costorbaMs 
Bus. 
% 
179 exp. 
reduc. 
inbasts 
Basis 
Reduction 
Resistor 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me- 
thod 
Con- 
ven-
lion 
Life 
/CRS 
demi 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
-yr 179 
evens& 
Current-year 
depreciation
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
08/31/1991 
22,526. 
100. 
22,526. 
12,526. 
12,526.200 DB HY 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
10/31/1991 
18,041. 
100. 
18,041. 
18,041. 
18,041.200 DB HY 
S 
FURNITURE4FIXTURES 
05/31/1991 
20,823. 
100. 
20,821. 
20,923. 
20,823.200 DB HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
01/04/1989 
12,215. 
100. 
12,215. 
12,215. 
12,215.200 DB HY 
S 
COMPUTER 
01/04/1989 
47,819. 
100. 
47,819. 
47,819. 
47,819.200 DB HY 
S 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
01/04/1989 
25,209. 
100. 
25,209. 
25,209. 
25,209.200 DB HY 
S 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
01/04/1989 
26,013. 
100. 
26,011. 
26,013. 
26,013.200 DB HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1990 
6,535. 
100. 6,535. 
NONE 
NONE200 DB HY 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO(NY) 
07/01/1990 
33,158. 
100. 
31,158. 
12,540. 
33,158.3/1 
sti. 
31.000 
618. 
FURNITURE4FIXTURES 
07/01/1990 
4,541. 
100. 3,465. 
1,076. 
2,076. 
1,076.200 DB HY 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
01/31/1992 
8,539. 
100. 
8,519. 
8,539. 
8,539.200 DB HY 
S 
PRINTER 
02/26/1993 
4,241. 
100. 
4,241. 
4,241. 
4,241.200 Ds MO 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
05/10/1993 
2,382. 
100. 
2,382. 
2,382. 
2,302.200 Ds MO 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
10/01/1993 
2,454. 
100. 
2,454. 
2,454. 
2,454.200 Ds MO 
S 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
11/01/1993 
31,034. 
100. 17,500. 
11,534. 
13,534. 
13,534.200 DB MO 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
06/01/1993 
2,500. 
100. 
2,500. 
2,500. 
2,500.200 Ds MO 
S 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
02/28/1994 
8,179. 
100. 
8,179. 
4,174. 
4,384.S/L 
)0 
210. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO(NY) 
04/30/1994 
2,319. 
100. 
2,319. 
1,163. 
1,222.S/L 
NH 
59. 
LHI WO 
07/31/1994 
10,964. 
100. 
10,964. 
5,468. 
5,749.3/1 
NH 
281. 
LHI IN?) 
08/31/1994 
32,074. 
100. 
32,074. 
15,927. 
16,749.5/1 
ma 
822. 
LHI IN?) 
10/30/1994 
11,325. 
100. 
11,325. 
5,571. 
5,861.3/1 
NH 
290. 
LHI IN?) 
11/30/1994 
12,425. 
100. 
12,425. 
6,101. 
6,420.3/1 
NH 
319. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1995 
55,855. 
100. 
55,855. 
55,854. 
55,854.200 DB HY 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE 
07/01/1995 
12,155. 
100. 
12,155. 
6,105. 
6,413.S/L 
me 
312. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE 
07/01/1995 
11,498. 
100. 
21,498. 
5,772. 
6,067.5/1 
me 
295. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1995 
31,451. 
100. 
31,451. 
11,451. 
31,451.200 DB HY 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1995 
16,832. 
100. 
26,832. 
16,811. 
16,831.200 DB HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT(NYI 
07/01/2996 
45,326. 
100. 
45,326. 
45,326. 
45,126.200 DB HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT(FLI 
07/01/2996 
20,695. 
100. 
20,695. 
10,694. 
10,694.200 DB HY 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/2996 
54,075. 
100. 
54,075. 
25,584. 
26,970.3/1 
me 
1,386. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/2996 
35,874. 
100. 17,500. 
18,334. 
18,374. 
18,174.2000B HY 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/2996 
26,528. 
100. 
26,528. 
16,528. 
16,528.200 DB HY 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1996 
6,256. 
100. 
6,256. 
6,256. 
6,256.200 DB HY 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/1997 
55,400. 
100. 
55,400. 
24,792. 
26,212.3/1 
me 
1,420. 
OFFICE FURNITURE 
07/01/2997 
8,872. 
100. 8,872. 
200 DB HY 
OFFICE FURNITURE 
07/01/1997 
1,952. 
100. 1,952. 
200 DB HY 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Retied 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806425
--- PAGE 20 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Bus. 
% 
179 sip. 
reduc. 
Ill bases 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me• 
thod 
Con- 
yen• 
lion 
Life 
/CRS 
class 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
•yr 179 
expense 
Current•year 
depreciation 
LEASEHOLD 1MPROV. 
11/22/1998 
11,700. 
100. 
11,700. 
4,839. 
5,138.511. 
MN 
300. 
LEASEHOLD 1MPROV. 
06/26/1998 
29,553. 
100. 
29,551. 
12,413. 
13,171.5/1 
me 
758. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
12,254. 
100. 
12,254. 
12,254. 
12,254.200 DB HY 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
21,639. 
100. 
21,639. 
21,638. 
21,638.200 DB HY 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
13,092. 
100. 
11,092. 
11,092. 
13,092.200 DB HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1998 
126,474. 
100. 
126,474. 
226,474. 
126,474.200 DB HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1998 
77,109. 
100. 
77,109. 
77,109. 
17,109.200 DB HY 
S 
• CCMPUTER 
01/26/1998 
236,963. 
100. 
236,963. 
236,961. 
236,963.200 DB HY 
S 
• CCMPUTER 
01/26/1998 
0,330. 
100. 
67,330. 
67,329. 
67,329.200 DB HY 
S 
• CCMPUTER 
01/26/1998 
35,900. 
100. 
35,900. 
15,900. 
35,900.200 DB HY 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/1999 
112,785. 
100. 
112,785. 
44,707. 
47,599.S/L 
ma 
2,892. 
FURNITURE 6 F (NY) 
07/01/1999 
66,766. 
100. 
66,766. 
66,766. 
66,766.200 DB HY 
FURNITURE 6 F (FL) 
07/01/1999 
1,951. 
100. 
1,951. 
1,952. 
1,952.200 DB HY 
CCMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/1999 
202,098. 
100. 
202,098. 
202,098. 
202,098.200 DB HY 
CCMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/1999 
45,399. 
100. 
45,399. 
45,399. 
45,199.200 DB HY 
S 
CCMPUTER (CAI 
07/01/1999 
69,509. 
100. 
69,509. 
69,509. 
69,509.200 DB HY 
S 
CCMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/1997 
38,206. 
100. 
36,206. 
38,206. 
38,206.200 DB HY 
S 
CCMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/1997 
12,929. 
100. 
22,929. 
12,928. 
12,928.200 DB HY 
S 
CCMPUTER-96'RETIRED 
07/01/1996 
—19,757. 
100. 
—19,757. 
—19,757.200 DB HY 
S 
CCMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/2000 
174,341. 
100. 
174,341. 
174,340. 
174,340.200 DB HY 
S 
CCMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/2000 
66,827. 
100. 
66,827. 
66,06. 
66,626.200 DB HY 
S 
CCMPUTER (CAI 
07/01/2000 
66,027. 
100. 
66,027. 
66,026. 
66,026.200 DB HY 
S 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/2000 
37,330. 
100. 
37,330. 
11,817. 
14.794.S/L 
me 
957. 
FURNITURE 6 F (NY) 
07/01/2000 
39,506. 
100. 
39,506. 
19,506. 
39,506.200 08 HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY 
01/01/2001 
2.014. 
100. 2,014. 
200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY 
01/01/2001 
1,959. 
100. 1,959. 
200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
01/01/2001 
4,899. 
100. 4,899. 
200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
05/01/2001 
4.244. 
100. 4,244. 
200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
01/01/2001 
1.161. 
100. 1,161. 
200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
01/01/2001 
1,546. 
100. 2,546. 
200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
02/16/2001 
1,232. 
100. 1,132. 
200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
02/15/2001 
2,271. 
100. 2,273. 
200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT- CA 
07/15/2002 
4,569. 
100. 4,569. 
200 DB HY 
S 
FURNITURE -NY 
04/30/2002 
12,000. 
100. 12.000. 
200 DB HY 
COMPUTER -NY 
04/10/2003 
41,698. 
100. 41,698. 
200 DB HY 
COMPUTER -NY 
04/10/2003 
20,169. 
100. 20,169. 
200 DB HY 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Retied 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806426
--- PAGE 21 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Bus. 
% 
179 exp. 
reduc. 
in basis 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me- 
thod 
Con- 
ven- 
lion 
Life 
/CRS 
class 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
-yr 179 
expense 
Current•year 
depreciation 
COMPUTER -NY 
04/29/2003 
1,372. 
100. 3,372. 
200 DB HY 
COMPUTER 
05/21/2003 
4,441. 
100. 4,443. 
200 DB HY 
COMPUTER 
06/17/2003 
6,582. 
100. 6,582. 
200 DB HY 
S 
COMPUTER 
07/22/2003 
5,359. 
100. 5,359. 
200 DB HY 
S 
COMPUTER - NY 
06/06/2003 
19,961. 
100. 18,377. 
792. 
792. 
/91. 
791.200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT -NY 
06/22/2003 
6,045. 
100. 
4,021. 
4,022. 
4,021. 
4,021.200os HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPENT - FL 
04/09/2003 
11,449. 
100. 
1,435. 
8,014. 
8,014. 
6,014.200os HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
04/09/2003 
5,561. 
100. 
1,669. 
3,294. 
3,894. 
1,894.200os HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
04/09/2003 
15,000. 
100. 
4,500. 
10,500. 
10,500. 
10,500.200 os HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
06/01/2003 
4,088. 
100. 
2,044. 
2,044. 
2,043. 
2,041.200os HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
06/30/2003 
1,880. 
100. 
940. 
940. 
939. 
939.200os HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
06/06/2003 
2,098. 
100. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
1,049. 
1.049.200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
10/02/2003 
2,101. 
100. 
1,094. 
1,093. 
1,093. 
1,091.200os HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
10/06/2003 
1,639. 
100. 
820. 
819. 
818. 
818.200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
11/16/2003 
1,355. 
100. 
1,676. 
1,677. 
1,677. 
1,677.200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
12/31/2003 
1,596. 
100. 
1,796. 
1,798. 
1,790. 
1.798.200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
04/09/2003 
17,211. 
100. 
5,761. 
12,046. 
12,048. 
12,048.200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
04/16/2003 
15,000. 
100. 
4,500. 
10,500. 
10,500. 
10,500.200 DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
06/30/2003 
6,016. 
100. 
1,006. 
3,008. 
3,008. 
1,006.200os HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
12/31/2003 
2,420. 
100. 
1,210. 
1,210. 
1,209. 
1.209.200 DB HY 
S 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
06/22/2003 
103,492. 
100. 
51,746. 
746. 
15,316. 
1.6.643.S/L 
me 
1,327. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
07/24/2003 
26,080. 
100. 
13,040. 
71,040. 
3,827. 
4.161.S/L 
MN 
334. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
06/12/2003 
17,158. 
100. 
8,879. 
8,879. 
2,594. 
2,822.3/1 
me 
228. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
09/16/2003 
128,435. 
100. 
64,278. 
64,217. 
18,598. 
20,245.3/1 
me 
1,647. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
10/26/2003 
16,767. 
100. 
8,384. 
8,383. 
2,410. 
2, 625. sn. 
me 
215. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
11/19/2003 
41,981. 
100. 
20,991. 
20,990. 
5,985. 
6,521.5/1 
me 
538. 
FURNITURELFIX- NY 
11/25/2003 
1,598. 
100. 
1,799. 
1,799. 
1,199. 
1,799.200 Ds HY 
FURNITURE6FIX- NY 
12/04/2003 
28,027. 
100. 
14,014. 
14,011. 
14,012. 
14,012.200 DB HY 
FURNITURE6FIX- NY 
08/08/2003 
48,543. 
100. 
24,272. 
24,2/1. 
24,269. 
24,269.200 DB HY 
FURNITURE6FIX- NY 
09/26/2003 
1,874. 
100. 
1,937. 
1,917. 
1,937. 
1,937.200 DB HY 
FURNITURELFIX- NY 
12/06/2003 
1,2/5. 
100. 
1,636. 
3,617. 
3,637. 
1,637.200 DB HY 
COMPUTER - NY 
04/01/2003 
46,500. 
100. 
13,950. 
32,550. 
12,550. 
32,550.200 DB HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
01/05/2004 
10,835. 
100. 10,815. 
200 DB HY 
MAINTENANCE-NY 
02/25/2004 
7,750. 
100. 7,750. 
200 DB HY 
MAINTENANCE-FL 
02/25/2004 
2,500. 
100. 2,500. 
200 DB HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CAL 
09/29/2004 
8,646. 
100. 8,646. 
200 DB HY 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Retied 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806427
--- PAGE 22 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, Liz 
GENERAL TRADE oR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Bus. 
% 
179 exp. 
reduc. 
in bases 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me- 
thod 
Con- 
van- 
Son 
Life 
ACAS 
cins 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
-yr 179 
expense 
Current-year 
depreciation
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
01/16/2004 
5,649. 
100. 
2,825. 
2,924. 
789. 
sit.sit 
ss 
72. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
02/17/2004 
3,686. 
100. 
1,841. 
3,843. 
2,076. 
1,175.5/1 
HM 
99. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
12/31/2004 
25,000. 
100. 
12,500. 
12,500. 
8,754. 
9,587.s/L 
HY 
15.000 
813. 
FURNITURELFIX-NY 
11/21/2004 
6,001. 
100. 6,001. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURELFIX-NY 
01/30/2004 
165. 
100. 
165. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE Kumasi -NE 
01/01/2004 
2,500. 
100. 2,500. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQuIRNENT-FLA 
02/07/2005 
2,110. 
100. 2,110. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CAL 
01/16/2005 
1,904. 
100. 1,984. 
200 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CAL 
02/24/2005 
6,000. 
100. 
6,000. 
4,052. 
4,407.250 DB Hy 
355. 
LEASEHOLD IMP- CAL 
01/21/2005 
800. 
100. 
800. 
539. 
586.250 DB Hy 
47. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXT CAL 
01/16/2005 
6,291. 
100. 6,191. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURE 6 FIXT CAL 
04/29/2005 
7,975. 
100. 7,975. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQuIRNENT-NE 
02/07/2005 
6,714. 
100. 6,724. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
02/05/2005 
2,496. 
100. 2,496. 
200 DB Hy 
S 
OFFICE EQuIRNENT-NE 
02/15/2005 
2,086. 
100. 2,086. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQuIRNENT-NE 
11/01/2005 
23,164. 
100. 13,164. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURELFIX-NY 
01/20/2005 
6,215. 
100. 6,225. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURELFIX-NY 
01/11/2005 
111. 
100. 
111. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURELFIX-NY 
06/17/2005 
8,440. 
100. 8,440. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURELFIX-NY 
07/14/2005 
936. 
100. 
936. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT- Hy 
02/16/2006 
9,755. 
100. 9,155. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIP. - FLA 
02/09/2006 
5,550. 
100. 5,550. 
200 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/21/2006 
10,485. 
100. 
10,495. 
6,461. 
7,080.150 DB Hy 
619. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
01/01/2006 
21,461. 
100. 
21,461. 
13,223. 
14,489.150 DB Hy 
2,266. 
FURNITURE 6 Fix-FLA 
05/15/2006 
2,789. 
100. 2,189. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURE 6 Fix-FLA 
07/20/2006 
2,999. 
100. 2,999. 
200 DB Hy 
S 
FURNITURE 6 Fix-NT 
01/14/2006 
4,664. 
100. 4,664. 
200 DB Hy 
S 
OFFICE EQuIRNENT-NE 
05/15/2007 
39,598. 
100. 19,598. 
200 DB Hy 
S 
OFFICE EQIFHENT-NY 
11/20/2007 
29,628. 
100. 19,628. 
200 DB Hy 
S 
OFFICE EQuIRNENT-FL 
05/15/2007 
11,175. 
100. 11,175. 
200 DB Hy 
S 
OFFICE EQuIRKENT-FL 
11/20/2007 
5,3211. 
100. 5,328. 
200 DB Hy 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CA 
05/15/2007 
9,291. 
100. 8,293. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIPIONT-CA 
11/20/2007 
1,094. 
100. 3,084. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURE 6 Fix-NE 
02/14/2007 
4,891. 
100. 4,881. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
05/15/2007 
6,610. 
100. 6,620. 
200 DB HY 
OFFICE EQuIRKENT-NT 
01/18/2008 
9,967. 
100. 8,90. 
200 DB HY 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Retied 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806428
--- PAGE 23 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
BUS. 
% 
In exp. 
reduc. 
inbasts 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
hie- 
thod 
Con- 
ven- 
don 
Life 
/CRS 
cues 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
-yr 179 
expense 
Current-year
depreciation 
OFFICE EouIRNENT-Ny 
05/02/2008 
26,400. 
100. 16,400. 
200 DB Hy 
5_ 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
07/02/2008 
21,364. 
100. 11,364. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-FL 
01/21/2008 
22,126. 
100. 12,116. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CA 
01/21/2008 
14,069. 
100. 14,060. 
200 DB HY 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/12/2008 
21,736. 
100. 
5,860. 
5,068. 
2,680. 
1,079.5/1 
HO 
391. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/19/2008 
16,000. 
100. 
8,000. 
8,000. 
3,270. 
1,801.5/1 
HO 
513. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
05/07/2008 
1,542. 
100. 3,542. 
200 DB HY 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
12/26/2008 
4,400. 
100. 4,400. 
200 DB HY 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
01/21/2009 
4,400. 
100. 4,400. 
200 DB HY 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
07/01/2010 
75,753. 
100. 75,753. 
150 DB HY 
IS 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
01/14/2010 
1,214. 
100. 1,214. 
200 DB HY 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
11/14/2011 
11,227. 
100. 11,227. 
150 DB Hy 
OFFICE EouIRNENT-NE 
05/31/2011 
4.382. 
100. 4,382. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CA 
11/14/2011 
13,425. 
100. 11,425. 
200 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
05/04/2012 
4,167. 
100. 4,167. 
150 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
11/10/2012 
14,059. 
100. 14,059. 
150 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CA 
09/16/2012 
5,205. 
100. 5,285. 
150 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
02/22/2012 
6,075. 
100. 6,075. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
06/22/2012 
1,325. 
100. 3,325. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
08/05/2013 
21,002. 
100. 11,001. 
200 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
09/19/2013 
111,030. 
100.131,030. 
150 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/17/2013 
9,631. 
100. 9,633. 
150 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/31/2013 
100,954. 
100.200,954. 
150 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-FL 
09/26/2013 
13,994. 
100. 13,994. 
150 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CA 
08/31/2013 
21,300. 
100. 21,300. 
150 DB Hy 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
08/08/2013 
39,929. 
100. 19,929. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
12/31/2013 
11,680. 
100. 11,688. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-FL 
01/29/2013 
2,825. 
100. 2,825. 
200 DB Hy 
OFFICE EouIRNENT-NE 
01/20/2014 
22,211. 
100. 22,211. 
200 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/27/2014 
22,760. 
100. 12,760. 
200 DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
06/04/2014 
156,004. 
100.256,004. 
150 DB Hy 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
01/10/2014 
23,085. 
100. 21,005. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
02/14/2014 
41,566. 
100. 41,566. 
200_0B Hy 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
_05/07/2014 
17,813. 
100. 17,813. 
200 DB Hy 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-FL 
07/10/2014 
7,296. 
100. 7,196. 
200 DB Hy 
soFTHARE 
01/22/2015 
255,603. 
100. 
77,802. 
77,801. 
23,773.s/L 
S/L 
1.000 
23.773. 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Refired 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806429
--- PAGE 24 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LW 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Bus. 
% 
in exp. 
reduc. 
in basis 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me- 
thod 
Con- 
yen- 
lion 
Life 
/CRS 
class 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
-yr 179 
expense 
Current-year 
depreciation 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
12/31/2015 
35,905. 
100. 15,905. 
200 DB HY 
35,905. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
— 
06/05/2015 
396. 
3, 
100. 63,396. 
150 DB HY 
63,396. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-FL 
J 
09/25/2015 
25,179. 
100. 25,1/9. 
150 DB HY 
25,179. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CA 
06/26/2015 
44,230. 
100. 44,230. 
150 DB HY 
44,230. 
FURNITURE 8 FIX-FL 
10/12/2015 
1,776. 
100. 3,179. 
200 DB HY 
1,716. 
FURNITURE 8 FIX-NY 
07/01/2015 
6,706. 
100. 8,706. 
200 DB HY 
8,706. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-MET 
07/0112015 
10,000. 
100. 10,000. 
150 DB HY 
10,000. 
Less: Retired Assets  
340,193. 
340,193. 
340,192. 
340,192. 
TOTALS 
4,123,029. 
1441147. 375,429. 
2,326,210. 
1,053,232. 
1,896,429. 
191,194. 
43,106. 
'Assets Retied 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806430
--- PAGE 25 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-349560? 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
GENERAL TRADE Ca BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Bus. 
% 
lig exp. 
reduc. 
in bass 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me• 
thod 
Con- 
Yen• 
lion 
Life 
/CRS 
class 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
•yr 179 
expense 
Current•year 
depreciation 
_OTHER THAN LISTED 
GROSS 
4,463,222. 
2,666,403. 
2,193,424. 
2,236,620. 
43,196. 
LESS: RETIRED ASSETS 
340,193. 
340,193. 
340,192. 
340,192. 
SUBTOTAL: 
4,123,029. 
2,326,210. 
1,953,232. 
1,896,424. 
43,196. 
LISTED PROPERTY 
GROSS 
LESS: RETIRED ASSETS 
SUBTOTAL: 
GROSS AMOUNTS 
4,463,222. 
2,666,403. 
2,193,424. 
2,236,620. 
Less: Retired Assets  
340,193. 
340,193. 
340,202. 
340,192. 
TOTALS 
4,123,029. 
2,326,210. 
1,053,212. 
1,896,429. 
43,196. 
'Assets Retired 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
866297 1688 
EFTA00806431
--- PAGE 26 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Amortization 
11-2495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT_MANAGEMENT, LLC 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Cost or basis 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
amortization 
Ending 
Accumulated 
amortization 
Code 
Current•year 
Lite 
amortization 
-
ORGANIZATION_COSTS 
01/04/1989 
26,951. 
26,950. 
26,950. 
709 
5.000 1
START -VP COSTS_ 
07/16/1992 
26,000. 
26,000. 
262_000. 
195 
5.000 
START -UP COSTS_ 
07/01/1992 
25,000. 
25,000. 
252_000. 
195 
5.000 
COP. NOT TO COMPETE 
10/31/2010 
3,000,000. 
513413. 
2,033413. 
297 
15.000 
200,000. 
ORGANIZATION COSTS 
06/15/2018 
15,790. 
624. 
709 
15.000 
614. 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
091 741 
911, 221 
I III 897 
200.614 
' Assets Retired 
SA 
829026 14000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806432
--- PAGE 27 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Alternative Minimum Tax Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Assei description 
Date 
Placed in 
Smvice 
AMT 
basis for 
depreciation 
_ 
AMT 
accumulated 
depreciation 
AMT 
me- 
*hod 
AMT 
conven• 
lion 
AMT 
life 
AMT 
depreciation 
deduclion 
Regular 
depreciation 
deduction 
Post•86 
depreciation 
adjustment 
Leased 
pers. prop. 
preference 
Real 
property 
preference 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
09/31/1991 
12,526. 
12,526. 
HY 
6.000 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
10/31/1991 
25,041. 
_182042, 
HY 
6.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
01/04/1989 
12,215. 
14,719. 
HY 
6.000 
COMPUTER 
01/04/1989 
47,819. 
57,623. 
HY 
6.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
01/04/1989 
25,209. 
25,209. 
HY 
6.000 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
01/31/1992 
8,539. 
9,539. 
HY 
5.000 
PRINTER 
02/26/1993 
4,241. 
4,240. 
HQ 
6.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
05/10/1993 
2,392. 
2,392. 
HQ 
6.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
10/01/1993 
2,454. 
2,454. 
MQ 
6.000 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
11/01/1993 
13,534. 
13,534. 
MQ 
6.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
06/01/1993 
2,500. 
2,500. 
MQ 
6.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
02/24/1994 
8,179. 
4,259. S/L 
194 
39.000 
204. 
210. 
6. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO(NY) 
04/30/1994 
2,319. 
1,201. S/L 
MI 
39.000 
58. 
59. 
1. 
LHI INYI 
07/31/1994 
10,964. 
5,606. S/L 
194 
39.000 
274. 
241. 
7. 
LHI INYI 
04/31/1994 
32,074. 
16,341. S/L 
194 
39.000 
802. 
822. 
20. 
LHI INYI 
10/30/1994 
11,325. 
5,719. S/L 
NM 
39.000 
283. 
290. 
7. 
LHI INYI 
11/30/1994 
12,425. 
6,259. S/L 
NM 
39.000 
111. 
319. 
8. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1995 
55,855. 
55,855. 
HY 
6.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE 
07/01/1995 
12,155. 
5,915. S/L 
KM 
39.000 
304. 
312. 
8. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE 
07/01/1995 
11,499. 
5,585. S/L 
181 
39.000 
287. 
295. 
8. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1995 
31,451. 
31,451. 
HY 
10.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1995 
16,832. 
16,831. 
HY 
10.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT(NYI 
07/01/1996 
45,326. 
45,252. 
HY 
6.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT(FLI 
07/01/1996 
10,695. 
10,695. 
HY 
6.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/1996 
54,075. 
24,956. S/L 
KM 
40.000 
1,352. 
1,386. 
34. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1996 
18,374. 
18,174. 
HY 
10.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1996 
16,528. 
16,528. 
HY 
10.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1996 
6,256. 
6,256. 
HY 
10.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/1997 
55,400. 
24,180. S/L 
NM 
40.000 
1,385. 
1,420. 
35. 
OFFICE FURNITURE 
07/01/1997 
8,872. 
HY 
OFFICE FURNITURE 
07/01/1997 
1,952. 
HY 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV. 
11/22/1998 
11,700. 
4,725. SA 
KM 
40.000 
293. 
300. 
7. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV. 
08/28/1998 
29,553. 
12,102. S/L 
NM 
40.000 
239. 
758. 
19. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
12,254. 
12,254. 
HY 
10.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
21,639. 
21,637. 
HY 
10.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
13,092. 
13,091. 
HY 
10.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1998 
126,474. 
126,473. 
HY 
6.000 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
SA 
5%9034 1.000 
R66297 1608 
• Assets Retired 
EFTA00806433
--- PAGE 28 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Alternative Minimum Tax Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
Placed in 
Service 
AMT 
basis for 
depreciation 
AMT 
accumulated 
depreciation 
AMT 
me- 
thod 
AMT 
conven• 
lion 
AMT 
life 
AMT 
depreciation 
deduclion 
Regular 
depreciation 
deduction 
Post•86 
depreciation 
adjustment 
Leased 
pers. prop. 
preference 
Real 
property 
preference 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/09/1998 
77,109. 
77,109, 
HY 
6.000 
• COMPUTER 
01/28/1998 
236,963. 
236,963. 
HY 
6.000 
• COMPUTER 
01/28/1998 
67,330. 
67430. 
HY 
6.000 
• COMPUTER 
01/28/1998 
35,900. 
35,900. 
HY 
6.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/1999 
112,785. 
44,707. 
S/L 
NM 
39.000 
2,892. 
2,892. 
FURNITURE 6 F (NY) 
07/01/1999 
66,766. 
66,766. 
HY 
7.000 
FURNITURE 6 F (FL) 
07/01/1999 
1,951. 
875. 
150 DB HY 
40.000 
1,078. 
-1,078. 
COMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/1999 
202,098. 
202,097. 
HY 
6.000 
COMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/1999 
45,399. 
45,199. 
HY 
6.000 
COMPUTER (CAI 
07/01/1999 
69,509. 
69,509. 
HY 
6.000 
COMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/1997 
38,206. 
38,206. 
HY 
6.000 
COMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/1997 
12,929. 
12,929. 
HY 
6.000 
COMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/2000 
174,341. 
174,341. 
HY 
5.000 
COMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/2000 
66,827. 
66,827. 
HY 
5.000 
COMPUTER (CAI 
07/01/2000 
66,027. 
66,027. 
HY 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/2000 
37,330. 
13,837. 
S/L 
144 
39.000 
957. 
957. 
FURNITURE 6 F (NY) 
07/01/2000 
39,506. 
39,504. 
HY 
7.000 
COMPUTER - NY 
08/06/2003 
792. 
791. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT -NY 
08/22/2003 
4,022. 
4,021. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP/ea - FL 
04/09/2003 
8,014. 
8,014. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
04/09/2003 
1,894. 
3,894. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
04/09/2003 
10,500. 
10,500. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
06/01/2003 
2,004. 
2,001. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
06/30/2003 
940. 
939. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
08/06/2003 
1,009. 
1,049. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
10/02/2003 
1,091. 
1,091. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
10/08/2003 
819. 
818. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
11/18/2003 
1,677. 
1,671. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
12/31/2003 
1,798. 
1,798. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
04/09/2003 
12,048. 
12,048. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
04/16/2003 
10,500. 
10,500. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
06/30/2003 
1,008. 
3,008. 
HY 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
12/31/2003 
1,210. 
1,209. 
HY 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
06/22/2003 
51,746. 
15,116. 
S/L 
RM 
39.000 
1,327. 
1,327. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
07/24/2003 
13,040. 
3,827. 
S/L 
144 
39.000 
334. 
334. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
08/12/2003 
8,879. 
2,594. 
S/L 
KM 
39.000 
228. 
228. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
09/18/2003 
64,217. 
18,598. 
S/L 
IN 
39.000 
1,647. 
1,647. 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
SA 
5%0034 1.000 
R66297 1608 
• Assets Retired 
EFTA00806434
--- PAGE 29 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Alternative Minimum Tax Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Leased--
pers. prop. 
preference 
Real 
property 
preference 
Asses description 
Date 
Placed in 
Service 
AMT 
basis for 
depreciation 
AMT 
accumulated 
depreciation 
AMT 
me- 
thod 
AMT 
conven• 
lion 
AMT 
life 
AMT 
depreciation 
deduction 
Regular 
depreciation 
deduction 
Pest-86 
depreciation 
adjustment 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
10/28/2003 
8,38B. 
2,410, SLL 
1,74 
39.000 
215. 
215. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
II/19620_03 
20_,_990_. 
5,_9.85. SLL 
674 
39.000 
538. 
538. 
PURNITURE4FIX- NY 
11/25/2003 
1,799. 
1,799. 
HY 
7.000 
PURNITURE4FIX- NY 
12/04/2003 
14,013. 
14,012. 
HY 
7.000 
PURNITURE4FIX- NY 
08/08/2003 
24,271. 
24,269. 
HY 
7.000 
PURNITURE4FIX- NY 
09/26/2003 
1,937. 
1,937. 
HY 
7.000 
PURNITURE4FIX- NY 
12/08/2003 
1,637. 
3,637. 
HY 
7.000 
COMPUTER - NY 
04/01/2003 
32,550. 
32,550. 
HY 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
01/16/2004 
2,824. 
789. S/L 
1,24 
39.000 
72. 
72. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-HY 
02/17/2004 
1,841. 
1,076. S/L 
WI 
39.000 
99. 
99. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-HY 
12/31/2004 
12,500. 
8,754. S/L 
HY 
15.000 
833. 
831. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CAL 
02/24/2005 
6,000. 
4,052. 150 DB HY 
15.000 
155. 
355. 
LEASEHOLD IMP- CAL 
01/21/2005 
800. 
539. 150 DB HY 
15.000 
41. 
47. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/21/2006 
10,485. 
6,461. 150 DB HY 
15.000 
619. 
619. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
01/01/2006 
21,461. 
13,223. 150 DB HY 
15.000 
1,266. 
1,266. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/12/2008 
5,868. 
2,688. S/L 
HQ 
15.000 
191. 
391. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
_1211912008 
8,000. 
3,270. Sirl. 
HQ 
15.000 
533. 
531. 
Less: Retired Assets  
340,193. 
340,193. 
TOTALS 
2,178,163. 
1,802,632. 
19,723. 
18,805. 
-918. 
SA 
5%9034 1.000 
R66297 1608 
• Assets Retired 
EFTA00806435
--- PAGE 30 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 ACE Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
ACE 
basis for 
depreciation 
ACE 
accumulated 
depreciation 
Me- 
thod 
Orig. 
Life 
Rem. 
ACE 
Life 
_ 
depreciation 
me—
depreciation used 
ACE 
adjustment 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
08/31/1991 
12,526. 
12.526. 
SL 
5.000 
5.000j_ 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
10/31/1992 
18,041. 
18,041. 
SL 
5.000 
5.000 
FURNITURE4FIXTURES 
05/31/1991 
20,823. 
20.823. 
SL 
7.000 
7.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
01/04/1989 
12,215. 
10,656. 
SL 
5.000 
4.500 
COMPUTER 
01/04/1989 
47,919. 
42,504. 
SL 
5.000 
4.500 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
01/04/1989 
25,209. 
25,209. 
SL 
4.000 
3.500 
FURNITURE 4 FIXTURES 
01/04/1989 
26,013. 
24,012. 
SL 
7.000 
6.500 
FURNITURE4FIXTURES 
07/01/1990 
1,076. 
924. 
SL 
7.000 
7.000 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
01/31/1992 
8,539. 
8,539. 
SL 
5.000 
5.000 
PRINTER 
02/26/1993 
4,241. 
4,241. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
05/10/1993 
2,382. 
2,365. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
10/01/1993 
2,454. 
2,403. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
11/01/1993 
13,534. 
13,442. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
06/01/1993 
2,500. 
2,500. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
02/28/1994 
8,179. 
4,259. 
SL 
39.000 
39.000 
204. 
204. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO(NY) 
04/30/1994 
2,319. 
1,201. 
SL 
39.000 
39.000 
58. 
58. 
LHI IHY) 
07/31/1994 
10,964. 
5,606. 
SL 
39.000 
39.000 
274. 
2/4. 
LHI INY) 
08/31/1994 
12,0)4. 
16,342. 
SL 
39.000 
39.000 
802. 
802. 
LHI INY) 
10/30/1994 
11,325. 
5,719. 
SL 
39.000 
39.000 
283. 
283. 
LHI INY) 
11/30/1994 
12,425. 
6,259. 
SL 
39.000 
39.000 
311. 
311. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1995 
55,855. 
53,527. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE 
07/01/1995 
12,155. 
5,915. 
SL 
39.000 
39.000 
304. 
304. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE 
0.7101/1995_ 
11,498. 
5,585. 
SL 
39.000 
39.000 
267. 
287. 
FURNITURE 4 FIXTURES 
0.7101/1995_ 
31,451. 
302665. 
SL 
10.000 
10.000 
FURNITURE 4 FIXTURES 
0.7101/1995_ 
162612. 
162412. 
SL 
10.000 
10.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT(NYI 
07/01/1996 
45,326. 
45,252. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT(FLI 
07/01/1996 
10.695. 
10,695. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
0.7/01/199.6_ 
54,075. 
24,956. 
SL 
40.000 
40.000 
1,352. 
1,352. 
FURNITURE 4 FIXTURES 
0.7101/199.6_ 
18,314. 
182314. 
SL 
10.000 
10.000 
FURNITURE 4 FIXTURES 
07/01/1996 
16,528. 
16,528. 
SL 
10.000 
10.000 
FURNITURE 4 FIXTURES 
07/01/1996 
6,256. 
6,256. 
SL 
10.000 
10.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/1997 
55,400. 
24,180. 
SL 
40.000 
40.000 
1,385. 
1,385. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV. 
11/22/1998 
11,700. 
4,725. 
SL 
40.000 
40.000 
293. 
291. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV. 
08/28/1998 
29,553. 
12,101. 
SL 
40.000 
40.000 
719. 
719. 
FURNITURE 4 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
12,254. 
12,254. 
SL 
10.000 
10.000 
FURNITURE 4 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
21,619. 
21,617. 
SL 
10.000 
10.000 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Retired 
SA 
5)(9033 1.000 
CORPORATE PARTNERS' SHARE (FROM SCHEDULE K)  
"In certain circumstances, this may be regular tax depreciation rather than AMT depreciation. 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806436
--- PAGE 31 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 ACE Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
ACE 
basis for 
depreciation 
ACE 
accumulated 
depreciation 
Me• 
thod 
Orig. 
Lite 
Rem. 
Life 
ACE 
depreciation 
AMT•• 
depreciation used 
ACE 
adjustment 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
11,092. 
13,091. 
SL 
10.000 
10.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1998 
126,4/4. 
124,471. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1998 
17,109. 
17,109. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000± 
• COMPUTER 
01/28/1998 
236,961. 
236,961. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
• COMPUTER 
01/28/1998 
67,330. 
67,330. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
• COMPUTER 
01/28/1998 
15,900. 
15,900. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
LEASEHOLD IHPROV(NYI 
07/01/1999 
112,785. 
44,707. 
SL 
39.000 
39.000 
2,892. 
2,892. 
FURNITURE 6 F (NY) 
07/01/1999 
66,766. 
66,766. 
SL 
1.000 
7.000 
FURNITURE 6 F (FL) 
07/01/1999 
1,953. 
875. 
DB 
40.000 
40.000 
1,078. 
1,078. 
COMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/1999 
202,098. 
202,097. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
COMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/1999 
45,399. 
45,399. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
COMPUTER (CAI 
07/01/1999 
69,509. 
69,509. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
COMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/1997 
38,206. 
38,206. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
COMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/1997 
12,929. 
12,929. 
SL 
6.000 
6.000 
COMPUTER-96'RETIRED 
07/01/1996 
-19,757. 
SL 
COMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/2000 
174,341. 
174,341. 
SL 
5.000 
5.000 
COMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/2000 
66,827. 
66,827. 
SL 
5.000 
5.000 
COMPUTER (CAI 
07/01/2000 
66,027. 
66,027. 
SL 
5.000 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IHPROV(NYI 
07/01/2000 
17,330. 
13,817. 
SL 
39.000 
39.000 
957. 
957. 
FURNITURE 6 F INT) 
07/01/2000 
19,506. 
39,504. 
SL 
7.000 
7.000 
COMPUTER - NY 
08/06/2003 
792. 
/91. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT -NY 
08/22/2003 
4,022. 
4,021. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE comma - FL 
04/09/2003 
8,014. 
8,014. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
04/09/2003 
3,894. 
3,894. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
04/09/2003 
10,500. 
10,500. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
06/01/2003 
4,088. 
2,043. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
06/30/2003 
940. 
919. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
08/06/2003 
2,098. 
1,049. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE_EQUIP-FL 
10/02/2003 
2,187. 
1,093. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
10/08/2003 
819. 
818. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
11/18/2003 
3,155. 
1,677. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
12/31/2003 
1,798. 
1,798. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
04/09/2003 
17,211. 
12,048. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
04/16/2003 
10,500. 
10,500. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
06/30/2003 
3,008. 
3,008. 
200DB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
12/31/2003 
2,420. 
1,209. 
200DB 
5.000 
Less: Retired Assets  
_I 
TOTALS 
'Assets Retired 
SA 
5)(9033 1.000 
CORPORATE PARTNERS' SHARE (FROM SCHEDULE K)  
•'In certain circumstances, this may be regular tax depreciation rather than AMT depreciation. 
866297 
1608 
EFTA00806437
--- PAGE 32 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 ACE Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
ACE 
basis for 
depreciation 
ACE 
accumulated 
depreciation 
Me• 
thod 
Orig. 
Life 
Rem. 
Life 
ACE 
depreciation 
me- 
depreciation used 
ACE 
adjustment 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
06/22/2003 
51,746. 
15,316. 
SL 
39.000 
1,327. 
1,327. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
01/24/2003 
26,080. 
3,827. 
SL 
39.000 
33)1„ 
334. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
08/12/2003 
8,879. 
2,594. 
SL 
39.000 
228_._ 
_228. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
09/18/2003 
64,217. 
18,598. 
SL 
39,000 
1.00. 
LSI. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
10/28/2003 
8,383. 
2,410. 
SL 
_ 39,_000 
_215_. 
215. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
11/19/2003 
20,990. 
5,985. 
SL 
39.000 
538. 
538. 
FURNITURE4FIX- NY 
11/25/2003 
1,799. 
1,799. 
200DB 
7.000 
FURNITURE4FIX- NY 
12/04/2003 
14,013. 
14,012. 
200DB 
7.000 
FURNITURE4FIX- NY 
08/08/2003 
24.211. 
24,269. 
200DB 
7.000 
FURNITURE4FIX- NY 
09/26/2003 
1,937. 
1,937. 
200DB 
7.000 
FURNITURE4FIX- NY 
12/08/2003 
3,637. 
3,637. 
200DB 
7.000 
COMPUTER - NY 
04/01/2003 
12,550. 
12,550. 
200DB 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
01/16/2004 
2,824. 
789. 
SL 
39.000 
72. 
72. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
02/17/2004 
3,843. 
1,076. 
SL 
39.000 
99. 
99. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
12/31/2004 
12.500. 
8,754. 
SL 
15.000 
811. 
811. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CAL 
02/24/2005 
6,000. 
4,052. 
DB 
15.000 
15.000 
355. 
355. 
LEASEHOLD IMP- CAL 
01/21/2005 
800. 
519. 
DB 
15.000 
15.000 
47. 
47. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/21/2006 
10,485. 
6,461. 
DB 
15.000 
15.000 
619. 
619. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
03/01/200.6 
21,461. 
13,223. 
DB 
15.000 
15.000 
1,266. 
1,_26_6. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/12/200.8 
5,868. 
2,688. 
SL 
15.000 
391. 
391. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/19/2008 
8,000. 
3,270. 
SL 
15.000 
511. 
511. 
Less: Retired Assets  
340,191. 
340,193. 
TOTALS 
2,220.712. 
1.825,116. 
19.723. 
19,721. 
'Assets Retired 
SA 
5)(9033 LOGO 
CORPORATE PARTNERS' SHARE (FROM SCHEDULE K)  
"In certain circumstances, this may be regular tax depreciation rather than AMT depreciation. 
R66297 1608 
EFTA00806438
--- PAGE 33 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
FORM 1065 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
13-3495607 
LINE 4 - PAGE 1 - ORD INCOME(LOSS) FROM OTH PTNRSHPS AND FIDUCIARIES 
FROM TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
TOTAL ORDINARY INCOME(LOSS) FROM OTHER PTNRSHPS AND FIDUCIARIES 
LINE 7 - PAGE 1 - OTHER INCOME(LOSS) 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE LOSS 
TOTAL OTHER INCOME(LOSS) 
LINE 14 - PAGE 1 - TAXES 
NYC UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
PAYROLL TAXES 
NY COMMERCIAL RENT TAX 
FL COMMERCIAL RENT TAX 
CA LLC TAX 
BEVERLY HILLS TAX 
LA TAX 
TOTAL TAXES 
LINE 20 - SUMMARY OF TRAVEL, MEALS AND ENTERTAINMENT 
GROSS MEALS AND ENTERTAINMENT 
LESS 50% LIMITATION TO SCH M-1 
NET MEALS & ENTERTAINMENT 
TOTAL 
LINE 20 - PAGE 1 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
AMORTIZATION 
TRAVEL, MEALS, AND ENTERTAINMENT 
INSURANCE EXPENSE 
OFFICE SUPPLIES AND EXPENSES 
PRINTING EXPENSE 
SCOUTING EXPENSE 
COMPUTER EXPENSE 
CLEANING SERVICE 
UTILITIES 
POSTAGE 
MISCELLANEOUS 
BANK CHARGES 
248,456. 
248,456. 
-234,496. 
-234,496. 
152,391. 
578,105. 
21,486. 
1,853. 
800. 
14,500. 
405. 
769,540. 
181,584. 
90,792. 
90,792. 
90,792. 
200,614. 
90,792. 
112,776. 
105,286. 
43,338. 
9,354. 
108,201. 
40,953. 
34,652. 
11,389. 
104,822. 
57,683. 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 
EFTA00806439
--- PAGE 34 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
FORM 1065 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
LINE 20 - PAGE 1 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS ( 
13-3495607 
PUBLICATIONS & SUBSCRIPTIONS 
12,677. 
TRAVEL 
803,503. 
ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION 
259,861. 
COMMISSIONS EXPENSE 
2,002,456. 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
240,861. 
TELEPHONE EXPENSE 
214,004. 
CONSULTING FEES 
640,280. 
CONTEST EXPENSE 
5,550. 
PAYROLL PROCESSING EXPENSE 
14,299. 
OVERHEAD REIMBURSEMENT 
-1,470,551. 
MISCELLANEOUS MODEL EXPENSES 
55,856. 
PROMOTIONAL MODEL EXPENSES 
100,004. 
LITIGATION SETTLEMENT 
45,632. 
CALIFORNIA LLC FEE 
6,000. 
NYS LLC FEE 
3,000. 
ORGANIZATION COSTS 
5,000. 
TOTAL OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
3,858,292. 
SCHEDULE K - LINE 5 - INTEREST INCOME 
OTHER INTEREST INCOME 
INTEREST INCOME 
17,910. 
TOTAL INTEREST INCOME 
17,910. 
SCHEDULE K - LINE 12 - SECTION 179 DEDUCTION 
TRADE/BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
191,194. 
TOTAL SECTION 179 DEDUCTION 
191,194. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806440
--- PAGE 35 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM 1065 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
SCHEDULE K - LINE 13A - CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS - 50% LIMITATION 
FROM TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
5,160. 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
98,175. 
TOTAL CASH CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS - 50% LIMITATION 
103,335. 
TOTAL CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
103,335. 
SCHEDULE K - LINE 17A - DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT ON PROPERTY 
TRADE/BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
-918. 
FROM TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
-58. 
TOTAL DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT ON PROPERTY 
-976. 
SCHEDULE K - LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
FROM TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES BEFORE TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES - NONDEDUCTIBLE PORTION 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
27,762. 
27,762. 
90,792. 
118,554. 
MUNI31A00 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806441
--- PAGE 36 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM 1065, SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
SCHEDULE L - LINE 6 - OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
PREPAID EXPENSES 
DEFERRED TAX ASSET- CURRENT 
TOTAL OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
SCHEDULE L - LINE 8 - OTHER INVESTMENTS 
INVESTMENT IN TWO TWELVE 
TOTAL OTHER INVESTMENTS 
SCHEDULE L - LINE 13 - OTHER ASSETS 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
213,894. 
159,432. 
15,000. 
17,000. 
228,894. 
176,432. 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
-214,609. 
83,446. 
-214,609. 
83,446. 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
DEPOSITS 
29,606. 
43,931. 
RESTRICTED CASH 
40,000. 
40,000. 
DUE FROM AFFILIATES 
774,693. 
1,313,624. 
DUE FROM MODELS 
1,464,108. 
1,607,052. 
DEFERRED TAX BENEFIT-LONG TERM 
53,000. 
47,000. 
TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 
2,361,407. 
3,051,607. 
SCHEDULE L - LINE 17 - OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
ACCRUED EXPENSES 
TOTAL OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
SCHEDULE L - LINE 20 - OTHER LIABILITIES 
ADVANCES FROM AFFILIATES 
DUE TO RELATED PARTY 
DEFERRED RENT-LONG TERM 
TOTAL OTHER LIABILITIES 
1,304,038. 
1,786,832. 
1,304,038. 
1,786,832. 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
21,519. 
1,223,293. 
69,223. 
8,342. 
1,476,782. 
135,009. 
1,314,035. 
1,620,133. 
MUNI31A00 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806442
--- PAGE 37 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM 1065, SCHEDULE M-2, SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
SCHEDULE M-2 - LINE 6A - CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
3,000,000. 
TOTAL CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
3,000,000. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806443
--- PAGE 38 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, :.LC 
11-340607 
SCHEDULE M-3, PART II DETAIL 
LINE 7 - INCOME (LOSS) FROM U.S. PARTNERSHIPS 
EAT 
EAT 
PROFIT-SHARING 
LOSS-SHARING 
INCOME (LOSS) 
TEMPORARY 
PERMANENT 
NAME 
EIN 
PERCENTAGE 
PERCENTAGE 
PER ENCORE 571a 
DIFFERENCE 
DIFFERENCE 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC 
INCOME (LOSS( 
PER TAW RETURN 
20-1354409 
80.000 
80.000 
298,055. 
3,164. 
-59,919. 
243,296. 
TOTAL 
290,055. 
5,160. 
-59,919. 
243,296. 
R66297 1608 
STATEMENT 6 
EFTA00806444
--- PAGE 39 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE M-3, PART II DETAIL 
LINE 25 - OTHER INCOME (LOSS) AND 
EXPENSE/DEDUCTION ITEMS WITH NO DIFFERENCES 
GROSS RECEIPTS 
20,059,894. 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
-5,196,855. 
TOTAL 
14,863,039. 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806445
--- PAGE 40 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE M-3, PART III DETAIL 
LINE 30 - OTHER EXPENSE/DEDUCTION ITEMS WITH DIFFERENCES 
EXPENSE 
TEMPORARY 
PERMANENT 
DEDUCTION 
DESCRIPTION 
PER INCOME STMT 
DIFFERENCE 
DIFFERENCE 
PER TAX RETURN 
RENTAL EXPENSE - STRAIGHTLINING OF LEASE 
815,962. 
-66,152. 
749,810. 
SALARIES 
11,415,658. 
-50,801. 
11,364,857. 
ORGANIZATION COSTS 
5,000. 
5,000. 
TOTAL 
12,231,620. 
-111,953. 
12,119,667. 
R66297 
1608 
STATEMENT 
EFTA00806446
--- PAGE 41 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES - LINE 13A-G CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
5,160. 
TOTAL CASH CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
5,160. 
TOTAL CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
5,160. 
PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES - LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
27,762. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
27,762. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806447
--- PAGE 42 ---
Schedule K-1, Item L - Analysis of Partners Capital Accounts 
Penner 
Number 
A. Capital Account at 
Beginning of Year 
B.Capnideomnbuted 
During Year 
aPannetWSInamsolSch. 
M•2, Unes3,4,and7 
D.WithdrawalsalW 
Distributions 
E. Capital Account at 
End of Year 
777 664. 
974 394. 
260 000. 
492 058. 
573,991. 
719,196. 
930,000. 
363,187. 
499 929. 
626 397. 
810 000. 
316 326. 
MIMS 
1,851,584. 
2,319,987. 
3,000,000. 
1,171,571. 
JSA 
5P9040 1.003 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
R66297 
1608 
13-3495607 
EFTA00806448
--- PAGE 43 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Partner Summary 
Partner 
Number 
Partner Name 
Partner . 
Number 
Beginning 
Capital 
Capital 
Contribution 
Property 
Contribution 
m 
Cash 
Distributions 
Property 
Distribution 
737 
Distributions 
I CLAXON INC 
11-3508513 
T27,664. 
2,260,000. 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
11-3501977 
571,991. 
930,000. 
THE WILCOR CROUP, INC. 
21-3682060 
499,929. 
010,000. 
To ale  
: ,:: :
4. 
J. 940.940. 
JSA 
589040 1.000 
866297 
1608 
EFTA00806449
--- PAGE 44 ---
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
2015 
For calendar year 2015. or tax 
year beginning  
2015 
ending 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
► See back of form and separate Instructions. 
Final K-I 
I Amended Kil 
651113 
OMB No. 1505.0123 
Part III 
Partner's Share of Current Year income, 
Deductions. Credits and Other items 
Ordinary business income (Ices) 
1,014,678.
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
IS 
Credits 
Other net rental Mcome (loss) 
Foreign transactions 
Part I 
Information About the Partnership 
A 
Pan nership's employer identification number 
13-3495607 
B 
Partnership's name. address. city, state, and 2IP code 
Guaranteed payments 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 
10013 
C 
IRS Center where partnership Med return 
EF / LE 
D 0 Check if this is a publicly traded pannershp (PTP) 
6e 
Interest income 
Ordinary dividends 
7,522. 
6b 
Qualified cavklends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain pass) 
Part 
Information About the Partner 
ea 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
A* 
Alternative minimum ten (NM) RPM 
—410. 
E 
Partners identifying number 
13-3508513 
F 
Partner's name, address. eq. state. and ZIP code 
CLAXON INC 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
O LX1 General partner or LLC 
U 
Limited partner or other LLC 
member-manager 
member 
H 5] Domestic partner 
El 
Foreign partner 
What type of entity is the partner?  
CORPORATION 
If this penner is a retirement plan (lRNSEPIKeogIVelc.). check here 
K 
J 
Partners share ol profit. bee. and Capital (see instructions): 
Beginning 
Profit 
42.000000 
Loss 
42.000000 
Capital 
42.000000 
K 
Partner's share of liabilities at year end: 
Non recourse 
 $ 
Qualified nonrecourse financing. 
$ 
Recourse  
 $ 
Ending 
42.000000 
% 
42.000000 
% 
42.000000 
% 
6,117, 989. 
621,752. 
9b 
Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
9c 
Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income (loss) 
C*
Tax-exempt income and 
nondeductible expenses 
49,793.
* 
A* 
Section 179 deduction 
Other deductions 
80,301.
43,4O1.
A 
Distributions 
1,260,000.
A 
Seff-employment earnings (loss) 
Other information 
7,522.
L 
Partners capital account anaimis: 
Beginning capital account  
Capital contributed during the year   $ 
Current year increase (decrease) 
$ 
777,664. 
974,394. 
Withdrawals a distributions . . . . $ ( 
1,260,000. 
) 
Ending capital account  
 $  
492,058. 
Tax basis 
il 
GAAP E Section 700(0) book 
Other (explain) 
1.1 
Did the partner contribute properly with a built-in gain or loss? 
EN° 
K 
Yes 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
For IRS Use Only 
If 'Yes.' attach statement (see instructions) 
For Paperwork Reduction Ml Notice. see Instructions for Form 1065. 
JSA 
P12O0 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
IRS.govitorm1065 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2015 
EFTA00806450
--- PAGE 45 ---
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2015 
PARTNER # 
CLAXON INC 
Page 2 
This list identifies the codes used on Schedule K-1 for all partners and provides summarized reporting information for 
For detailed reporting and filing information, see the separate Partner's Instructions for Schedule K-1 and the instructions 
1. Ordinary business income (loss). Determine whether the income (loss) is 
Code 
passive or nonpassive and enter on your return as follows. 
L Empowerment zone 
Report on 
employment credit 
Passive loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
PA Credit for increasing research 
Passive income 
Schedule E. one 28. column (g) 
activities 
Nonpassive loss 
Schedule E. the 28. column (h) 
N Credit for employer social 
Non pass-ve income 
Schedule E. line 28. column 0) 
security and Medicare taxes 
partners who file Form 1040. 
for your income tax return. 
Report on 
See the Partners Instructions 
2. Net rental real estate income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
O Backup withholdrig 
3. Other net rental income (loss) 
P Other credits 
Net Income 
Schedule E. the 28. column (g) 
16. Foreign transactions 
Net loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Name of country or U.S. 
4. Guaranteed payments 
Schedule E. line 28. column 0) 
possession 
5. Interest Income 
Form 1040. Ine 8a 
B Gross income from M sources 
}- 
Form 1116. Pan I 
6a. Ordinary dividends 
Form 1040. linage 
C Gross income sourced at 
6b. Qualified dividends 
Form 1040. ine9b 
partner level 
7. Royalties 
Schedule E. line 4 
Foreign gross income sourced at partnerslup level 
8. Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 
Passive category 
9a. Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 12 
E General category 
Form 1116. Part I 
9b. Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
28% Rate Gain Worksheet. line 4 
F Other 
(Schedule D instructions) 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
Interest expense 
Form 1116. Part I 
9c. Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
See the Partners Instructions 
10. 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
H Other 
Form 1116. Pan I 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partnership levet to foreign source 
11. 
Other income (loss) 
income 
Code 
A Other portfolio income floss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Involuntary conversions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
I Passive categcry 
J General category 
Form 1116. Part I 
K Other 
C Sec. 1256 contracts /1 straddles 
Form 6781. Mel 
Mining exploration poets recapture 
See Pub. 535 
Other information 
L Total foreign taxes paid 
Form 1116. Pan II 
E Cancellation of debt 
Form 1040. line 21 or Form 982 
IA Total foreign taxes accrued 
Form 1116. Pan II 
F Other income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
N Reduction in taxes available far credit 
Form 1116. line 12 
12. Section 179 deduction 
See the Partners Instructions 
Foreign trading gross receipts 
Form 8873 
13. Other deductions 
P Extraterritorial income exclusion 
Form 8873 
A Cash contributions (50%) 
Other foreign transactions 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Cash contributions (30%) 
17. Alternative minimum tax (MAT) items 
C Noncash contributions (50%) 
A Post-1986 depreciation adjustment 
Noncash contributions (30%) 
See the Partners 
B Adjusted gait or loss 
See the Partner's 
E Capital gain property to a 50% 
Instructions 
C Depletion (other than al & gas) 
Instructions and 
organization (30%) 
D Oil, gas. & geothermal - gross income 
the Instructions for 
F Capital gain properly (20%) 
E Oil, gas. & geothermal deductions 
Form 6251 
Contributions (IOC%) 
F Other AMT items 
H Investment interest expense 
Form 4952. Mel 
18. Tax-exempt Income and nondeductib expenses 
I Deductions royalty income 
Schedule E. Ire 19 
A Tax-exempt interest income 
Form 1040. line 80 
J Section 59(e)(2)npencrures 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Other tax-exempt ncome 
See the Partners Instructions 
K Deductions portfolio (2% floor) 
Schedule A. line 23 
C Nondeductible expenses 
See the Partners Instructions 
L Deductions port-lobo (other) 
Schedule A. line 28 
19. Distributions 
NI Amounts paid for medical insurance 
Schedule A. fine I ix Fan 1040. ine 29 
A Cash and marketable securties 
N Educational assistance benefits 
See the Partners Instructions 
Dependent care benefits 
Form 2441. line 12 
B Distribution subject to section 737 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Other property 
P Preproductwe penod expenses 
See the Partners Instructions 
Commercial rentalcahon deduction 
20. Other Information 
from rental real estate activities 
See Form 8582 instructions 
R Pensions and IRAs 
See the Partners Instructions 
S Reforestation expense deduction 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Investment income 
Form 4952. line 4a 
B Investment expenses 
Form 4952. line 
C Fuel tax credit niormation 
Form 4136 
T Domestic production wines 
Cs Qualified rehabinabon expenditures 
information 
See Form 8903 instructions 
U Qualified production amities income 
Form 8903. Ine 7b 
(other than rental real estate) 
See the Partners Instructions 
E Basis of energy property 
See the Partners Instructions 
V Employers Form W-2 wages 
Form 8903. line 17 
W Other deductions 
See the Partners Instructions 
F Recapture ol low-income housing 
credit (section 420(5)) 
Form 8611. line 8 
CI Recapture ol low-income housing 
14. Sell-employment earnings (loss) 
credit (other) 
Form 8611. line 8 
Note: If you have a section 179 deduction or any partner-level deductions. see the 
H Recapture ol investment credit 
See Form 4255 
Partner's Instructions before oompletng Schedule SE. 
I Recapture of other credits 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Net earnings (loss) from 
J Look-back interest completed 
self-employment 
Schedule SE. Section A or B 
long-term contracts 
See Form 8697 
B Gross farming or fishing income 
See the Partners Instructions 
K Look-back interest - income forecast 
C Gross non-farm income 
See the Partners Instructions 
method 
See Form 8866 
15. Credits 
A Low-Income housing credit 
L Dispositions ol properly with 
section 179 deductions 
(section 420)(5)) from pre-2008 
bur/dings 
B Low-Income housing credit 
NI Recapture ol section 179 deduction 
N Interest expense for corporate 
partners 
(other) from pre-2008 buldngs 
O Section 453(1)(3) information 
C Low-Income housing credit 
P Section 453A(c) information 
(section 420)(5)) from 
O Section 1260(b) information 
post-2007 buddngs 
D Low-Income housing credit 
See the Partners Instructions 
R Interest allocable to production 
expenditures 
ts. See the Partners 
r 
Instructions 
(other) from post-2007 
buildings 
S CCF nonqualified vmhdrawals 
T Depletion information al and gas 
E Qualified rehabiudion 
expenditures (rental real estate) 
U Reserved 
V Unrelated business taxable income 
F Other rental real estate credits 
W Precontrbution gain floss) 
Other rental credits 
X Section 108(i) information 
H Undistributed capital gains crecM 
Form 1040. line 73: check box a 
V Net investment income 
I Biofuel producer credit 
Other information 
J Work opportunity credit 
See the Partners Instructions 
Jas K Disabled access credit 
SP ISM 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806451
--- PAGE 46 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PARTNER # 
CLAXON INC 
ITEM L - RECONCILIATION OF INCOME 
INCOME (LOSS) FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 1 - 11 
LESS: DEDUCTIONS FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 12, 13, 16L, AND 16M 
1,022,200. 
123,702. 
TOTAL INCOME PER SCHEDULE K-1 
898,498. 
LESS: EXPENSES RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCLUDED ON SCH. K-1: 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
DEFERRED TAX EXPENSE 
SHAREHOLDER SALARIES 
RENT ESCALATION ADJUSTMENT 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
38,133. 
1,680. 
21,336. 
27,784. 
11,660. 
PLUS: INCOME RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCL. ON SCH. K-1: 
BOOK TO TAX DIFFERENCE IN INVESTMENT 
34,659. 
PLUS: DEDUCTIONS ON SCH. K-1, NOT CHARGED AGAINST BOOKS: 
AMORTIZATION 
DEPRECIATION 
77,626. 
64,204. 
TOTAL INCOME PER ITEM L, CURRENT YEAR INCR(DECR) 
974,394. 
ITEM L - WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
1,260,000. 
TOTAL WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
1,260,000. 
LINE 5 - INTEREST INCOME 
OTHER INTEREST INCOME 
INTEREST INCOME 
7,522. 
TOTAL INTEREST INCOME 
7,522. 
LINE 12 - SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
FROM TRADE/BUSINESS 
80,301. 
TOTAL SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
80,301. 
609000 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806452
--- PAGE 47 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PARTNER # 
CLAXON INC 
LINE 13 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
A CASH CONTRIBUTIONS (50%) 
FROM TRADE\BUSINESS 
41,234. 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
2,167. 
TOTAL BOX A 
43,401. 
LINE 17 - ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX (AMT) ITEMS 
A POST-1986 DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT 
FROM OTHER (GENERAL BUSINESS) 
-386. 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
-24. 
TOTAL BOX A 
-410. 
LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
11,660. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES BEFORE TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
11,660. 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSE NONDEDUCTIBLE 
38,133. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
49,793. 
STATEMENT 
1509000 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806453
--- PAGE 48 ---
PTA 
CLAXON INC 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-349560? 
chedule of Activities 
Type way 
Deposed 
Cal 
PTP 
Paseavough 
k TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
P\T GEN TS 
NO 
NO 
NO 
YES 
B: NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PORTFOLIO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
C: NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
GEN. T/B 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
D: 
A 
B 
C 
D 
---2
Ordinary business income (loss)  
Nat rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income (loss)  
Guaranteed payments 
Interest income 
6a 
Ordinary dividends  
6b 
Qualified dividends  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
9a 
Net long-term capital gain (loss)  
9b 
Collectibles (28%) gain (loss)  
9c 
Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income floss)  
100,352. 
910,326. 
7,522. 
Deductions 
Section 179 deduction  
13a-g 
Contributions  
1314O 
Deductions related to portfolio income  
13h 
Investment interest expense 
131 
Section 59(e)(2) expenditures  
13I-v 
Other deductions  
80,301. 
2,167. 
41,234. 
I
15e 
u 
15a,c 
Low-income housing credit (section 42()1(5))  
15b,d 
Low-income housing credit (other)  
()gratified rehabilitation expenditures (rental real estate)  
151 
Other rental real estate credits  
15g 
Other rental credits  
15h-p 
Other credits  
Foreign Transactions 
16b 
Gross income from all sources  
16c 
Gross income sourced at partner level  
16d 
Foreign gross income (partnership level): Passive 
16e 
Foreign gross income (partnership level): General categories 
16f 
Foreign gross income (partnership level): Other 
16g 
Deductions allocated and apponioned (partner leveg: Interest expense 
16h 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partner leveg: Other  
16i 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partnership level): Passive 
16j 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partnershp level): General calcgolios 
16k 
Deductions allocated and apportioned fpannership leveg: Other  
161 
Total foreign taxes paid  
16m 
Total foreign taxes accrued  
16n 
Reduction in taxes available for credit  
16o 
Foreign trading gross receipts  
16p 
Extraterritorial income exclusion  
16q 
Other foreign transactions 
Alternative 
Minimum Tax 
17a 
Post-1986 depreciabsn adjustment  
17b 
Adjusted gain or loss  
17c 
Depletion (other than al and gas)  
17d 
Gross Income from oil. gas. and geothermal  
17e 
Deductions from oil, gas, and geothermal  
17f 
Other MAT items  
-386. 
is 
'A g 
,.. 
18a 
18b 
Tax-exempt Interest income  
Other tax-exempt income  
 18c 
Nondeductible expenses  
11.660. 
38.133. 
S2
20a 
Investment income  
20b 
Investment expenses  
20c-x 
Other information  
7,522. 
JSA 
5P9011 1.000 
866297 
1608 
EFTA00806454
--- PAGE 49 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
PARTNER ACTIVITIES DETAIL 
PARTNER # 
CLAXON INC 
ACTIVITY: 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
LINE 13A-G CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
A CASH CONTRIBUTIONS SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
2,167. 
TOTAL CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
2,167. 
LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
11,660. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
11,660. 
1509000 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806455
--- PAGE 50 ---
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
2015 
For calendar year 2015. or tax 
year beginning  
2016 
ending  
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
lib See back of form and separate Instructions. 
Information About the Partnership 
Part 
A 
Partnership's employer identification number 
13-34956O7 
B 
Partnership's name. address. dry. state, and 2IP code 
U 
Part III
Ame^Ce0 1(.1 
651113 
OMB No. 1545.0123 
Partner's Share of Current Year Income, 
Deductions, Credits  and Other Items 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
Credits 
748,931.
Net rental real estate income (kiss) 
Other net rental income (loss) 
Foreign transactions 
Guaranteed payments 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 
1OO13 
C 
IRS Center where partnership flied return 
EFILE 
D 0 Check tr this is a publicly traded parthershp (PTP) 
Interest income 
5,552. 
6s 
Ordinary dividends 
6b 
Qualified dividends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Part II 
Information About the Partner 
Gs 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
A* 
Malmo.* minimum tar(ANT) Items 
—3O2. 
E 
Partners identilying number 
13-35O1977 
F 
Partners name, address. dry. state. and 2IP code 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK. NY 1OO13 
CI LX1 General partner or LLC 
U Limited partner or other LLC 
member-manager 
member 
H 5] Domestic partner 
El 
Foreign partner 
What type o4 entity is Me partner?  
s CORPORATION 
If this partner is a retirement plan (lRNSEPIKecolVetc.). check here 
K 
J 
Partners share o1 profit loss. and capital (see instructions): 
Beginning 
Profs 
31.OOOOOO 
Loss 
31.OOOOOO 
Capital 
31.OOOOOO 
K 
Partner's share of liabilities at year end: 
Non recourse 
Qualified nonrecourse financing. 
$ 
Recourse  
Ending 
31.OOOOOO 
31.OOOOOO 
31.OOOOOO 
4,530,420. 
460,309. 
9b 
Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
9c 
Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income (loss) 
C*
Tax-exempt income and 
nondeductible expenses 
36,751.
Section 179 deduction 
59,271.
Other deducbons 
A* 
32,O34. 
A 
DistributIons 
93O,OOO.
A 
Seff-employment earnings (loss) 
Other information 
5,552. 
L 
Partners capital account analyse: 
Beginning capital account  
 S  
573,991. 
Capital contributed during the year  
Current year increase (decrease) 
$  
719,196. 
Withdrawals 8 distributions . . . . 8 ( 
93O,OOO. ) 
Ending capital account  
363,187.
Tax basis 
GAAP 
K 
Section 704(b) book 
Other (explain) 
IA 
Did the partner contribute properly with a built-in gain or loss? 
EN° 
K 
Yes 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
C 
O 
If -Yes.' attach statement (see instructions) 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions for Form 1065. 
SA 
P1200 1.000 
R66297 
16O8 
IRS.go torm1065 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2015 
EFTA00806456
--- PAGE 51 ---
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2015 
PARTNER # 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
Page 2 
This list identifies the codes used on Schedule K-1 for all partners and provides summarized reporting information for 
For detailed reporting and filing information, see the separate Partner's Instructions for Schedule K-1 and the instructions 
1. Ordinary business income (loss). Determine whether the income (loss) Is 
Code 
passive or nonpasslve and enter on vox return as follows. 
L Empowerment zone 
Report on 
employment credit 
Passive loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
PA Credit for increasing research 
Passive ncome 
Schedule E. one 28. column (g) 
activities 
Nonpassive loss 
Schedule E. Ice 28. column (h) 
N Credit for employer social 
Non pass-ve income 
Schedule E. line 28. column 0) 
security and Medicare taxes 
partners who file Form 1040. 
for your income tax return. 
Report on 
See the Partners Instructions 
2. Net rental real estate income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
O Backup withhcideg 
3. Other net rental income (loss) 
P Other credits 
Net income 
Schedule E. Ice 28. column (g) 
16. Foreign transactions 
Net loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Name of country or U.S. 
4. Guaranteed payments 
Schedule E. line 28. column 0) 
possession 
5. Interest Income 
Form 1040. Ine 8a 
B Gross income from M sources 
}- 
Form 1116. Pan I 
6a. Ordinary dividends 
Form 1040. linage 
C Gross income sourced at 
6b. Qualified dividends 
Form 1040. Ine9b 
partner level 
7. Royalties 
Schedule E. line 4 
Foreign gross income sourced at partnerslup level 
8. Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 
Passive category 
9a. Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 12 
E General category 
Form 1116. Part I 
9b. Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
28% Rate Gam Worksheet, line 4 
F Other 
(Schedule D instructions) 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
Interest expense 
Form 1116. Pan I 
9c. Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
See the Partners Instructions 
10. 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
H Other 
Form 1116. Pan I 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partnership levet to foreign source 
11. 
Other income (loss) 
income 
Code 
A Other portfolio income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Involuntary conversions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
I Passive category 
J General category 
Form 1116. Pan I 
K Other 
C Sec. 1256 contracts /1 straddles 
Form 6781. Mel 
Mining exploration costs recapture 
See Pub. 535 
Other in fonnathon 
L Total foreign taxes paid 
Form 1116. Pan II 
E Cancellation of debt 
Form 1040. line 21 or Form 982 
Total foreign taxes accrued 
Form 1116. Pan II 
F Other income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
N Reduction in taxes available far credit 
Form 1116. line 12 
12. Section 179 deduction 
See the Partners Instructions 
Foreign !Wag gross receipts 
Form 8873 
13. Other deductions 
P Extraterritorial income exclusion 
Form 8873 
A Cash contributions (50%) 
Other foreign transactions 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Cash contributions (30%) 
17. Alternative minimum tax (MAT) items 
C Noncash contributions (50%) 
A Post-1986 depreciation adjustment 
Noncash contributions (30%) 
See the Partners 
B Adjusted gam or loss 
See the Partners 
E Capital gain property to a 50% 
Instructions 
C Depletion (other than or a gas) 
Instructions and 
organization (30%) 
D Oil, gas. a geothermal - gross income 
the Instructions for 
F Capital gain properly (20%) 
E Oil, gas. 8 geothermal deductions 
Form 6251 
Contributions (IOC%) 
F Other AMT items 
H Investment interest expense 
Form 4952. Mel 
18. Tax-exempt Income and nondeductible expenses 
I Deductions royalty income 
Schedule E. Ire 19 
A Tax-exempt interest income 
Form 1040. line 8b 
J Section 59(e)(2)npencrures 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Other tax-exempt ncome 
See the Partners Instructions 
K Deductions portfolio (2% floor) 
Schedule A. line 23 
C Nondeductible expenses 
See the Partners Instructions 
L Deductions port-lobo (other) 
Schedule A. line 28 
19. Distributions 
NI Amounts paid for medical insurance 
Schedule A. line 14 Fan 1040. In. 29 
A Cash and marketable securities 
N Educational assistance benefits 
See the Partners Instructions 
Dependent care benefits 
Form 2441. line 12 
B Distribution subject 10 section 737 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Other property 
P Preproductwe penod expenses 
See the Partners Instructions 
Commercial rentalcabco deduction 
20. Other Information 
from rental real estate activities 
See Form 8582 instructions 
A Prawns and IRAs 
See the Partners Instructions 
S Reforestation expense deduction 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Investment income 
Form 4952. line 4a 
B Investment expenses 
Form 4952. line 
C Fuel tax credit niormation 
Form 4136 
T Domestic production wines 
Ci Qualified rehabinabon expenditures 
Information 
See Form 8903 instructions 
U Qualified production acmes income 
Form 8903. Ine 7b 
(other than rental real estate) 
See the Partners Instructions 
E Basis of energy property 
See the Partners Instructions 
V Employers Form W-2 wages 
Form 8903. line 17 
W Other deductions 
See the Partners Instructions 
F Recapture ol low-income housing 
credit (section 42((5)) 
Form 8611. line 8 
CI Recapture ol low-income housing 
14. Sell-employment earnings (loss) 
credit (other) 
Form 8611. line 8 
Note: If you have a section 179 deduction or any partner-level deductions. see the 
H Recapture ol investment credit 
See Form 4255 
Partner's Instructions before oompletng Schedule SE. 
I Recapture of other credits 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Net earnings (loss) from 
J Look-back interest completed 
self-employment 
Schedule SE. Section A or B 
long-term contracts 
See Form 8697 
B Gross farming or fishing income 
See the Partners Instructions 
K Look-back interest - income forecast 
C Gross non-farm income 
See the Partners Instructions 
method 
See Form 8866 
15. Credits 
A Low-income housing credit 
L Dispositions ol properly with 
section 179 deductions 
(section 420)(5)) from pre-2008 
buiidings 
B Low-income housing credit 
NI Recapture ol section 179 deduction 
N Interest expense for corporate 
partners 
(other) from pre-2008 buldngs 
O Section 453(1)(3) information 
C Low-income housing credit 
P Section 453A(c) information 
(section 420)(5)) from 
O Section 1260(b) information 
post-2007 buildngs 
D Low-income housing credit 
See the Partners Instructions 
Ft Interest allocable to production 
expenditures 
ts. See the Partners 
r 
Instructions 
(other) from post-2007 
buildings 
S CCF nonqualified vmhdrawals 
T Depletion information or and gas 
E Qualified rehabiudion 
expenditures (rental real estate) 
U Reserved 
V Unrelated business taxable income 
F Other rental real estate credits 
W Precontrbution gain (loss) 
Other rental credits 
X Section 1080) information 
H Undistributed capital gams credi 
Form 1040. line 73: check box a 
V Nei investment income 
I Biofuel producer credit 
Other information 
J Work opportunity credit 
See the Partners Instructions 
Jas K Disabled access credit 
SP 1300 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806457
--- PAGE 52 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PARTNER # 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
ITEM L - RECONCILIATION OF INCOME 
INCOME (LOSS) FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 1 - 11 
754,483. 
LESS: DEDUCTIONS FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 12, 13, 16L, AND 16M 
91,305. 
TOTAL INCOME PER SCHEDULE K-1 
663,178. 
LESS: EXPENSES RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCLUDED ON SCH. K-1: 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
DEFERRED TAX EXPENSE 
SHAREHOLDER SALARIES 
RENT ESCALATION ADJUSTMENT 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
28,145. 
1,240. 
15,749. 
20,507. 
8,606. 
PLUS: INCOME RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCL. ON SCH. K-1: 
BOOK TO TAX DIFFERENCE IN INVESTMENT 
25,581. 
PLUS: DEDUCTIONS ON SCH. K-1, NOT CHARGED AGAINST BOOKS: 
AMORTIZATION 
DEPRECIATION 
57,296. 
47,388. 
TOTAL INCOME PER ITEM L, CURRENT YEAR INCR(DECR) 
719,196. 
ITEM L - WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
930,000. 
TOTAL WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
930,000. 
LINE 5 - INTEREST INCOME 
OTHER INTEREST INCOME 
INTEREST INCOME 
5,552. 
TOTAL INTEREST INCOME 
5,552. 
LINE 12 - SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
FROM TRADE/BUSINESS 
59,271. 
TOTAL SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
59,271. 
609000 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806458
--- PAGE 53 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PARTNER # 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
LINE 13 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
A CASH CONTRIBUTIONS (50%) 
FROM TRADE\BUSINESS 
30,434. 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
1,600. 
TOTAL BOX A 
32,034. 
LINE 17 - ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX (AMT) ITEMS 
A POST-1986 DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT 
FROM OTHER (GENERAL BUSINESS) 
-284. 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
-18. 
TOTAL BOX A 
-302. 
LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
8,606. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES BEFORE TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
8,606. 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSE NONDEDUCTIBLE 
28,145. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
36,751. 
STATEMENT 
1509000 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806459
--- PAGE 54 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-349560? 
FIR # 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP 
chedule of Activities 
Type way 
Mewed 
Cal 
PTP 
Pappthrepah 
k TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
P\T GEN TB 
NO 
NO 
NO 
YES 
B: NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PORTFOLIO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
C: NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
GEN. T/B 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
D: 
A 
B 
C 
D 
---2
Ordinary business income (loss)  
Nat rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income (loss)  
Guaranteed payments 
Interest income 
6a 
Ordinary dividends  
6b 
Qualified dividends  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
9a 
Net long-term capital gain (loss)  
9b 
Collectibles (28%) gain (loss)  
9c 
Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income floss)  
77,021. 
671, 910. 
5,552. 
Deductions 
Section 179 deduction  
13a-g 
Contributions  
1314O 
Deductions related to portfolio income  
13h 
Investment interest expense 
131 
Section 59(e)(2) expenditures  
13I-v 
Other deductions  
59,272. 
1, 600. 
30, 434. 
I
15e 
u 
15a,c 
Low-income housing credit (section 42()1(5))  
15b,d 
Low-income housing credit (other)  
()wigged rehabilitation expenditures (rental real estate)  
151 
Other rental real estate credits  
15g 
Other rental credits  
15h-p 
Other credits  
Foreign Transactions 
16b 
Gross income from all sources  
16c 
Gross income sourced at partner level  
16d 
Foreign gross income (partnership level): Passive 
16e 
Foreign gross income (partnership level): General categories 
16f 
Foreign gross income (partnership level): Other 
16g 
Deductions allocated and apponioned (partner leveg: Interest expense 
16h 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partner leveg: Other  
16i 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partnership level): Passive , . , , 
16j 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partnershp level): General calcipies 
16k 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partnership Imp:Other  
161 
Total foreign taxes paid  
16m 
Total foreign taxes accrued  
16n 
Reduction in taxes available for credit  
16o 
Foreign trading gross receipts  
16p 
Extraterritorial income exclusion  
16q 
Other foreign transactions 
Alternative 
Minimum Tax 
17a 
Post-1986 depredation adjustment  
17b 
Adjusted gain or loss  
17c 
Depletion (other than col and gas)  
17d 
Gross Income from oil. gas. and geothermal  
17e 
Deductions from oil, gas, and geothermal  
171 
Other MAT items  
-254. 
is 
,..'A g
184 
18b 
Tax-exempt Interest income  
Other tax-exempt income  
18c 
Nondeductible expenses  
8.606. 
28.145. 
S2
20a 
Investment income  
20b 
Investment expenses  
20c-x 
Other information  
5,552. 
JSA 
5P9011 1.000 
866297 
1608 
EFTA00806460
--- PAGE 55 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
PARTNER ACTIVITIES DETAIL 
PARTNER 4 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
ACTIVITY: 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
LINE 13A-G CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
A CASH CONTRIBUTIONS SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
1,600. 
TOTAL CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
1,600. 
LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
8,606. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
8,606. 
1509000 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806461
--- PAGE 56 ---
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
2015 
For calendar year 2015. or tax 
year beginning  
2015 
ending 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
Ile See back of form and separate Instructions. 
Final K-I 
I Amended K-1 
651113 
OMB No. 1545.0123 
Part III 
Partner's Share of Current Year income, 
Deductions. Credits and Other items 
Ordinary business mama (Ices) 
652,293.
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
Credits 
Other net rental income (loss) 
Foreign transactions 
Part I 
Information About the Partnership 
A 
Partnership's employer identification number 
13-3495607 
B 
Partnership's name. address. dry. state, and 2IP code 
Guaranteed payments 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 
10013 
C 
IRS Center where partnership filed return 
EFILE 
D 
K 
Check if this is a publicly traded partnershp (PTP) 
6s 
Interest income 
Ordinary dividends 
4,836.
Qualified dividends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Part 
Information About the Partner 
Gs 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
A* 
Alternative minimum teX(MAT)INIM 
—264. 
E 
Partners identifying number 
13-3682060 
F 
Partners name, address. city. state. and 2IP code 
THE 14/ LCOR GROUP, INC. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
O 
Li] General partner or LLC 
U 
Limited partner or other LLC 
member-manager 
member 
H 
5] 
Domestic partner 
El 
Foreign partner 
What type o4 entity is the partner?  
S CORPORATION 
If this partner is a retirement plan (lRNSEPIKeogIVelc.). check here 
K 
J 
Partners share of profit. loss. and capital (see instructions): 
Profit 
Loss 
Capital 
K 
Partner's share of liabilities at year end: 
Non recourse 
Qualified nonrecourse financing. 
$ 
Recourse 
Begbnrng 
27.000000 
27.000000 
27.000000 
Ending 
27.000000 
% 
27.000000 
% 
27.000000 
% 
3,945,550. 
400, 951. 
9b 
Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
9c 
Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income (loss) 
C*
Tax-exempt income and 
nondeductible expenses 
32,010.
* 
A* 
Section 179 deduction 
Other deductions 
51,622.
27,900.
A 
Distributions 
810,000.
A 
Set-employment earnings (loss) 
Other information 
4,836.
L 
Partners capital account aflame: 
Beginning capital account  
 S  
499,929. 
Capital contributed during the year   $  
Current year ncrease (decrease) 
$  
626,397. 
Withdrawals 8 distributions . . . . $ ( 
810,000. ) 
Ending capnal account  
 $  
316,326.
Tax basis 
GAAP 
K 
Section 700(0) book 
Other (explain) 
1.1 
Did the partner contribute properly with a built-in gain or loss? 
EN° 
K 
Yes 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
For IRS Use Only 
If 'Yes.' attach statement (see instructions) 
For Paperwork Reduction Ml Notice, see Instructions for Form 1065. 
JSA 
P1200 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
IRS.govitorm1065 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2015 
EFTA00806462
--- PAGE 57 ---
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2015 
PARTNER # 
THE WILCOR GROUP, INC. 
Page 2 
This list identifies the codes used on Schedule K-1 for all partners and provides summarized reporting information for 
For detailed reporting and filing information, see the separate Partner's Instructions for Schedule K-1 and the instructions 
1. Ordinary business income (loss). Determine whether the income (loss) is 
Code 
passive or nonpassive and enter on your return as folios's. 
L Empowerment zone 
Report on 
employment credit 
Passive loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
PA Credit for increasing research 
Passive income 
Schedule E. one 28. column (g) 
activities 
Nonpassive loss 
Schedule E. the 28. column (h) 
N Credit for employer social 
Non pass-ve income 
Schedule E. line 28. column 0) 
security and Medicare taxes 
partners who file Form 1040. 
for your income tax return. 
Report on 
See the Partners Instructions 
2. Net rental real estate income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
O Backup withholdrig 
3. Other net rental income (loss) 
P Other credits 
Net Income 
Schedule E. Ice 28. column (g) 
16. Foreign transactions 
Net loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Name of country or U.S. 
4. Guaranteed payments 
Schedule E. line 28. column 0) 
possession 
5. Interest Income 
Form 1040. Ine 8a 
B Gross income from M sources 
}- 
Form 1116. Pan I 
6a. Ordinary dividends 
Form 1040. Isle 9a 
C Gross income sourced at 
6b. Qualified dividends 
Form 1040. ine9b 
partner level 
7. Royalties 
Schedule E. line 4 
Foreign gross income sourced at partnerslup level 
8. Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 5 
Passive category 
9a. Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 12 
E General category 
Form 1116. Part I 
9b. Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
28% Rate Gain Worksheet. line 4 
F Other 
(Schedule D instructions) 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
Interest expense 
Form 1116. Part I 
9c. Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
See the Partners Instructions 
10. 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
H Other 
Form 1116. Pan I 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partnership levet to foreign source 
11. 
Other income (loss) 
income 
Code 
A Other portfolio income floss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Involuntary conversions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
I Passive categcry 
J General category 
Form 1116. Part I 
K Other 
C Sec. 1256 contracts /1 straddles 
Form 6781. Me I 
Mining exploration poets recapture 
See Pub. 535 
Other information 
L Total foreign taxes paid 
Form 1116. Pan II 
E Cancellation of debt 
Form 1040. line 21 or Form 982 
IA Total foreign taxes accrued 
Form 1116. Pan II 
F Other income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
N Reduction in taxes available far credit 
Form 1116. line 12 
12. Section 179 deduction 
See the Partners Instructions 
Foreign !Wag gross receipts 
Form 8873 
13. Other deductions 
P Extraterritorial income exclusion 
Form 8873 
A Cash contributions (50%) 
Other foreign transactions 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Cash contributions (30%) 
17. Alternative minimum tax (MAT) items 
C Noncash contributions (50%) 
A Post-1986 depreciation adjustment 
Noncash contributions (30%) 
See the Partners 
B Adjusted gain or loss 
See the Partner's 
E Capital gain property to a 50% 
Instructions 
C Depletion (other than al & gas) 
Instructions and 
organization (30%) 
D Oil, gas. & geothermal - gross income 
the Instructions for 
F Capital gain properly (20%) 
E Oil, gas. & geothermal deductions 
Form 6251 
Contributions (IOC%) 
F Other AMT items 
H Investment interest expense 
Form 4952. Me I 
18. Tax-exempt Income and nondeductib expenses 
I Deductions royalty income 
Schedule E. Ire 19 
A Tax-exempt interest income 
Form 1040. line 80 
J Section 59(e)(2) expenditures 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Other tax-exempt income 
See the Partners Instructions 
K Deductions portfolio (2% floor) 
Schedule A. line 23 
C Nondeductible expenses 
See the Partners Instructions 
L Deductions port-lobo (other) 
Schedule A. line 28 
19. Distributions 
NI Amounts paid for medical insurance 
Schedule A. line 14 Fan 1040. In. 29 
A Cash and marketable securties 
N Educational assistance benefits 
See the Partners Instructions 
Dependent care benefits 
Form 2441. line 12 
B Distribution subject 10 section 737 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Other property 
P Preproductwe penod expenses 
See the Partners Instructions 
Commercial rentalcabon deduction 
20. Other Information 
from rental real estate activities 
See Form 8582 instructions 
R Pensions and IRAs 
See the Partners Instructions 
S Reforestation expense deduction 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Investment income 
Form 4952. line 4a 
B Investment expenses 
Form 4952. line 
C Fuel tax credit niormaten 
Form 4136 
T Domestic production wines 
Cs Qualified rehabinabon expenditures 
information 
See Form 8903 instructions 
U Qualified production amities income 
Form 8903. Ine 7b 
(other than rental real estate) 
See the Partners Instructions 
E Basis of energy property 
See the Partners Instructions 
V Employers Form W-2 wages 
Form 8903. line 17 
W Other deductions 
See the Partners Instructions 
F Recapture ol low-income housing 
credit (section 420(5)) 
Form 8611. line 8 
CI Recapture ol low-income housing 
14. Sell-employment earnings (loss) 
credit (other) 
Form 8611. line 8 
Note: If you have a section 179 deduction or any partner-level deductions. see the 
H Recapture ol investment credit 
See Form 4255 
Partner's Instructions before oompletng Schedule SE. 
I Recapture of other credits 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Net earnings (loss) from 
J Look-back interest completed 
self-employment 
Schedule SE. Section A or B 
long-term contracts 
See Form 8697 
B Gross farming or fishing income 
See the Partners Instructions 
K Look-back interest - income forecast 
C Gross non-farm income 
See the Partners Instructions 
method 
See Form 8866 
15. Credits 
A Low-Income housing credit 
L Dispositions ol properly with 
section 179 deductions 
(section 420)(5)) from pre-2008 
bur/dings 
B Low-Income housing credit 
NI Recapture ol section 179 deduction 
N Interest expense for corporate 
partners 
(other) from pre-2008 buldngs 
O Section 453(1)(3) information 
C Low-Income housing credit 
P Section 453A(c) information 
(section 420)(5)) from 
O Section 1260(b) information 
post-2007 budrIngs 
D Low-Income housing credit 
See the Partners Instructions 
R Interest allocable to production 
expenditures 
ts. See the Partners 
r 
Instructions 
(other) from post-2007 
buildings 
S CCF nonqualified vmhdrawals 
T Depletion information al and gas 
E Qualified rellabiudion 
expenditures (rental real estate) 
U Reserved 
V Unrelated business taxable income 
F Other rental real estate credits 
W Precontrbution gain floss) 
Other rental credits 
X Section 108(i) information 
H Undistributed capital gains crew 
Form 1040. line 73: check box a 
V Net investment income 
I Biofuel producer credit 
Other information 
J Work opportunity credit 
See the Partners Instructions 
Jas K Disabled access credit 
SP ISM 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806463
--- PAGE 58 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PARTNER # 
THE WILCOR GROUP, INC. 
ITEM L - RECONCILIATION OF INCOME 
INCOME (LOSS) FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 1 - 11 
657,129. 
LESS: DEDUCTIONS FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 12, 13, 16L, AND 16M 
79,522. 
TOTAL INCOME PER SCHEDULE K-1 
577,607. 
LESS: EXPENSES RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCLUDED ON SCH. K-1: 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
DEFERRED TAX EXPENSE 
SHAREHOLDER SALARIES 
RENT ESCALATION ADJUSTMENT 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
24,514. 
1,080. 
13,716. 
17,861. 
7,496. 
PLUS: INCOME RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCL. ON SCH. K-1: 
BOOK TO TAX DIFFERENCE IN INVESTMENT 
22,281. 
PLUS: DEDUCTIONS ON SCH. K-1, NOT CHARGED AGAINST BOOKS: 
AMORTIZATION 
DEPRECIATION 
49,902. 
41,274. 
TOTAL INCOME PER ITEM L, CURRENT YEAR INCR(DECR) 
626,397. 
ITEM L - WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
810,000. 
TOTAL WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
810,000. 
LINE 5 - INTEREST INCOME 
OTHER INTEREST INCOME 
INTEREST INCOME 
4,836. 
TOTAL INTEREST INCOME 
4,836. 
LINE 12 - SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
FROM TRADE/BUSINESS 
51,622. 
TOTAL SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
51,622. 
609000 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806464
--- PAGE 59 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PARTNER # 
THE WILCOR GROUP, INC. 
LINE 13 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
A CASH CONTRIBUTIONS (50%) 
FROM TRADE\BUSINESS 
26,507. 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
1,393. 
TOTAL BOX A 
27,900. 
LINE 17 - ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX (AMT) ITEMS 
A POST-1986 DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT 
FROM OTHER (GENERAL BUSINESS) 
-248. 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
-16. 
TOTAL BOX A 
-264. 
LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
7,496. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES BEFORE TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
7,496. 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSE NONDEDUCTIBLE 
24,514. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
32,010. 
STATEMENT 
1509000 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806465
--- PAGE 60 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-349560? 
PTR # 
THE KILCOR GROUP 
INC 
chedule of Activities 
Type way 
Depased 
Cal 
PTP 
Paraihrough 
k TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
P\T GEN TS 
NO 
NO 
NO 
YES 
B: NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PORTFOLIO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
C: NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
GEN. T/B 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
D: 
A 
B 
C 
D 
---2
2. 
Ordinary business income (loss)  
Nat rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income (loss)  
Guaranteed payments 
Interest income 
6a 
Ordinary dividends  
6b 
Qualified dividends  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
9a 
Net long-term capital gain (loss)  
9b 
Collectibles (28%) gain (loss)  
9c 
Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income floss)  
6%083. 
585,210. 
40336. 
Deductions 
Section 179 deduction  
13a-g 
Contributions  
1314O 
Deductions related to portfolio income  
13h 
Investment interest expense 
131 
Section 59(e)(2) expenditures  
13I-v 
Other deductions  
51, 622. 
1,393. 
26,567. 
I
15e 
u 
15a,c 
Low-income housing credit (section 42()1(5))  
15b,d 
Low-income housing credit (other)  
()gratified rehabilitation expenditures (rental real estate)  
151 
Other rental real estate credits  
15g 
Other rental credits  
15h-p 
Other credits  
Foreign Transactions 
16b 
Gross income from all sources  
16c 
Gross income sourced at partner. level  
16d 
Foreign gross income (partnership level): Passive 
16e 
Foreign gross income (partnership level): General categories 
16f 
Foreign gross income (partnership level): Other 
16g 
Deductions allocated and epponioned (partner leveg: Interest expense 
16h 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partner leveg: Other  
16i 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partnership level): Passive , , , , 
16j 
Deductions allocated and apportioned (partnershp level): General calcimmies 
16k 
Deductions allocated and apportioned Ipattnetship level): Other  
161 
Total foreign taxes paid  
16m 
Total foreign taxes accrued  
16n 
Reduction in taxes available for credit  
16o 
Foreign trading gross receipts  
16p 
Extraterritorial income exclusion  
16q 
Other foreign transactions 
Alternative 
Minimum Tax 
17a 
Post-1986 depreciaben adjustment  
17b 
Adjusted gain or loss  
17c 
Depletion (other than al and gas)  
17d 
Gross Income from oil. gas. and geothermal  
17e 
Deductions from oil, gas, and geothermal  
171 
Other MAT items  
-16. 
-248. 
is 
'A g 
,.. 
186 
18b 
Tax-exempt Interest income  
Other tax-exempt income  
 18c 
Nondeductible expenses  
7,496. 
24.514. 
Other 
20a 
Investment income  
20b 
Investment expenses  
20c-x 
Other information  
4,826. 
JSA 
5P9011 1.000 
866297 
1608 
EFTA00806466
--- PAGE 61 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
PARTNER ACTIVITIES DETAIL 
PARTNER # 
THE WILCOR GROUP, INC. 
ACTIVITY: 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
LINE 13A-G CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
A CASH CONTRIBUTIONS SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
1,393. 
TOTAL CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
1,393. 
LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
7,496. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
7,496. 
1509000 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806467
--- PAGE 62 ---
Berdon LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
360 Madison Ave 
New York, NY 10017 
212-832-0400 
Next Management, LLC 
Instructions for Filing 
Form 8453-LLC 
2015 California E-File Return Authorization for LLC's 
for the year ended December 31. 2015 
The original form should be signed (use full name) and dated by an authorized partner. 
The signed form should be returned on or before October 17, 2016 via: 
Email (preferred method) 
4.filna_herrlonUp corn 
Fax 
212.699.8832 
Mail 
Berdon LLP 
Attn: Tax Control 
360 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
We must receive your signed Form 8453-LLC before we can electronically transmit your return. 
This return indicates a tax due in the amount of $5,790. Payment of this liability is made payable by authorizing to 
initiate an electronic funds withdrawal as indicated on Form 8453-LLC. The amount of $5.790 will be withdrawn 
from your bank account on September 10, 2016. Please review for accuracy the financial institution routing 
number and account number. 
DO NOT separately file your tax return with the state. Doing so will delay the processing of your return. The state 
will notify us when your return is accepted. Your return is not considered filed until the state confirms their 
acceptance. which may occur after the due date of your return. 
EFTA00806468
--- PAGE 63 ---
027 
DO NOT MAIL THIS FORM TO FTB 
Date Accepted 
TAXABLE YEAR 
California &file Return Authorization for 
2015 
Limited Liability Companies 
Limited liabilitycompany name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Part I Tax Return Information (whole dollars only) 
Total income (Form 568. Schedule B. Line 12 or Form 568. Line 1 for Single Member LLCs)  
20,091,944. 
Ordinary income (Form 568, Schedule B, line 23 or Form 568, Line 1 for Single Member LLCs)  
2,530,411. 
Tax and fee due (Form 568. line 13)  
5,790.
Overpayment (Form 568, hne 14)  
Total amount due (Form 568, line le)  
FORM 
8453-LLC
Identifying numb°,
200506910067 
5,790.
Part II Settle Your Account Electronically for Taxable Year 2015. (Payment due 4/1812016) 
Electronic funds ...Andrews 
Bit Amount 
5,790. 
Part Ill Make Annual Tax or Estimated Fee Pa ment for Taxable Year 2016 This is 
Annual Tax Payment 
I 
Estimated Fee Payment 
Amount 
Withdrawal date 
NCLI 
6b Withdrawal date (mmiddiyyyy) 09/10/2016 
an installment payment for the current amount the LLC owes. 
Part IV Banking Information (Have you verified the LLC's banking information?) 
Routing number 026013576 
Account number 1501920157 
Type of account: E Checking D Savings 
Part V Declaration of Authorized Member or Manager 
I authorize the limited liability company account to be settled as designated in Parts It. Ill, and IV. If I check Box 6, I authorize an electronic funds withdrawal 
for the amount listed on line 6a and for the 2016 annual tax or estimated fee payment amount listed on line 7 from the account specified in Part IV. 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I am an authorized member or manager of the above limited liability company and that the information I provided to 
my electronic return originator (84O). transmitter, or intermediate service provider and the amounts in Part I above agree with the amounts on the 
corresponding lines of the limited liability company's 2015 California income tax return. To the best of my knowledge and belief, the limited liability 
company's return is true, correct, and complete. If the limited liability company is filing a balance due return. I understand that if the Franchise Tax Board 
(FTB) does not receive full and timely payment of the limited liability company's tax liability, the limited liability company will remain liable for the tax liability 
and all applicable interest and penalties. I authorize the limited liability company return and accompanying schedules and statements be transmitted to the 
FTB by my ERO, transmitter. or intermediate service provider. It the processing of the limited liability company's return or refund is delayed, I authorize 
the Fre to disclose to my ERO or intermediate service provider, the reason(s) for the delay or the date when the refund was sent. 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of authorized member or manager 
Date 
Lae 
PRES OF MEMBER—MGR 
Part VI Declaration of Electronic Return Originator (ERO) and Paid Preparer. See instructions. 
I declare that I have reviewed the above limited liability company's return and that the entries on form FTB 8453-LLC are complete and correct to the best of 
my knowledge. (If I am only an intermediate service provider. I understand that I am not responsible for reviewing the limited liability company's return. I 
declare, however, that form FIB 8453-LLC accurately reflects the data on the return.) I have obtained the signature from the limited liability company 
authorized member or manager on form FIB 8453-LLC before transmitting this retum to the FIB: I have provided the limited liability company authorized 
member or manger with a copy of all forms and information that I will file with the FTB. and I have followed all other requirements described in FIB Pub. 
1345. 2015 e-file Handbook for Authorized of Ile Providers. I will keep form FIB 8453-LLC on file for four years from the due date of the return or four years 
from the date the limited liability company retum is filed, whichever is later, and I will make a copy available to the FIB upon request. If I am also the paid 
preparer, under penalties of perjury. I declare that I have examined the above limited liability company's return and accompanying schedules and statements. 
and to the best of my knowledge and belief, they are true, correct, and complete. I make this declaration based on all information of which I have knowledge. 
ERO 
Must 
Sign 
ERO's 
signature
Firm's name (or yours 
BERDON LLP 
if self-employed) 
and address 
Date 
Check if 
Check 
also paid 
III 
self-
preparer 
employed 
13-0485070 
ZIP code 
360 MADISON AVE 
NEW YORK 
NY 
10017 
Under penalties of perjury. I declare that I have examined the above limited liability company's return and accompanying schedules and statements. and to 
the best of my knowledge and belief, they are true, correct, and complete. I make this declaration based on all information o which I have knowledge. 
Paid 
Preparer 
Must 
Sign 
Paid 
preparers 
I Date 
ICheck 
K 
Paid preparers MIN 
if self-
signature 
employed 
Firm's name (or yours 
it self-employed) 
and address 
FEIN 
ZIP code 
For Privacy Notice, get FTB 1131 ENG/SP. 
SYOS7S 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
FTB 8453-LLC 2015 
EFTA00806469
--- PAGE 64 ---
'
A Limited Liability Company 
• 
CALIFORNIA FORM 
2015 Return of Income 
568 
RE' 
200506910067 
NEXT 
13-3495607 
TYB 01-01-2015 
TYE 12-31-2015 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
PBA 
812990 
ACCTMETHOD 2 01-04-1989 
ASSETS 
16,760,866. 
INITIAL 0 
FINAL 0 AMENDED 0 
J 
(1) During this taxable year. did another person or legal entity acquire control or majomy ownership (more than a 50% interest) of this 
LLC or any legal entity in which the LLC holds a controlling or majority interest that owned California real properly 
(i.e.. land. buildings). leased such properly fora term of 35 years or more. or leased such property Yam a government 
agency 10( any term? 
(2) During this taxable year. did this partnership acquire control or majority ownership (more than a 50% interest) in another legal 
entity that owned California real properly (i.e.. land. buildings). leased such property for a term of 35 years or more. 
or leased such properly from a government agency for any term,
(3) During this taxable year. has more than 50% of the partnership's ownership interests cumutathety transferred n one or more 
transactions after an interest in California real property (i.e.. land. buidngs) was translerred to it that was excluded 
from property tax reassessment under Revenue and Taxation Code section 62(O2) and it was not reported on a 
previous years tax return?  
(Yes requires filing of statement. penalties may apply - see instructions.) 
• K Yes al No 
• K Yes 
al 
No 
• 
K 
Yes 
al 
No 
Complete Schedule IW, LLC Income Worksheet (on Side 7) first to determine Line 1. 
Total income from Schedule IW. Limited Liability Company Income Worksheet. See instructions 
Limited Liability Company fee. See instructions  
2015 annual Limited Liability Company tax. See instructions  
Nonconsenting nonresident members' tax liability from Schedule T (Side 4)  
Total tax and fee. Add line 2. line 3, and line 4  
Amount paid with form FT8 3537 and 2015 form FTB 3522 and form FIB 3536 
Overpayment from prior year allowed as a credit  
Withholding (Form 592-B andfor 593)  
Total payments. Add line 6. tine 7. and ine 8  
Use tax. This is not a total line. See instructions  
Payments balance. II line 9 is more than line10. subtract line 10 from line 9  
Use Tax balance. II line 10 is more than line 9, subtract line 9 from line 10 
Whole dollars only 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
5,505,311 00 
11,790 00 
800 00 
12,590 00 
6,800 00 
6,800 00 
6,800 00 
• 
027 
3671154 
I 
Form 568 Cl 2015 
Side 1 
svouelmo 
R66297 
1608 
• 
EFTA00806470
--- PAGE 65 ---
Whole dollars only 
Tax and fee due. If line 5 is more than line 11, subtract line 11 from line 5 
 • 
Overpayment. If line 11 is more than line 5, subtract line 5 from line 11  
 • 
Amount of line 14 to be credited to 2016 tax or fee  
 • 
Refund. II the total of line 15 is less than line 14. subtract the total from line 14 
5, 790 00 
*16 
Penalties and Interest. See instructions  
 • 
Total amount due. Add line 12. Ilne 13. line IS. and line I7. then subtract Ine 14 tram the result. 518  
5,790. 00 
K Enter the maximum number of members in the LLC at any time during the year. For multiple member LLCs. attach a 
California Schedule K-1 (568) for each ol these members  
• 
L Is this LLC an investment partnership? See General Information 0 
 • K 
Yes al No 
M (1) Is this LLC apportioning or allocating Income to California using Schedule Fr 
 • al Wisp No 
(2) If "No." was this LLC registered in California without earning any income sourced in this state during the taxable year? 
C) K 
Wisp No 
N Was there a distribution of property or a transfer (for example. by sale or death) of an LLC interest during the taxable year? 
• K Yes E No 
P (1) Does the LLC have any foreign (non-U.S.) nonresident members/ 
 • K 
Yes al No 
(2) Does the LLC have any domestic (non-foreign) nonresident members?  
 • 2 Yes K 
No 
(3) Were Form 592. Form 592-A. Form 592-B and Form 592-F filed for these members/ 
 • K 
Yes al No 
O Are any members in this LLC also LLCs or partnerships/ 
  • K 
Yes al No 
Fl Is this LLC under audit by the IRS or has it been audited in a prior year?
• K 
Yes al No 
S Is this LLC a member or partner in another multiple member LLC or partnership?  
 • al 
Yes El No 
If 'Yes,' complete Schedule EO. Part I. 
T Is this LLC a publicly traded partnership as defined in IRC Section 469(k)(2)' 
 K 
Yes 2 No 
U (1) Is this LLC a business entity ckstegarcied for tax purposes/ 
 • ❑Yes 2 No 
(2) If 'Yes." see instructions and complete Side 1. Side 2. Side 3. Schedule B. Side 5. and Side 7. if applicable. Are there 
credits or credit carryovers attributable to the cisregarded entity? 
 • (El Yes K 
No 
(3) II "Yes' to U(1). does the disregarded entity have total Income derived from or attributable to California that is less than 
the LLC's total income from all sources? 
K 
Yes K 
No 
 Has the LLC included a Reportable Transaction, or Listed Transaction within this retum? 
(See instructions for definitions). If 'Yes." complete and attach federal Form 8886 for each transaction 
 • K 
Yes al No 
W Did this LLC file the Federal Schedule M-3 (federal Form 1065)?  
 • 
Yes K 
No 
X Is this LLC a direct owner of an entity that filed a federal Schedule M-3?  
 • 
Yes K 
No 
Y 
Does the LLC have a beneficial interest in a trust or is it a grantor ol a Trust?  
 • ri  Yes E No 
If 'Yes,' attach schedule of trusts and federal identification numbers. 
Z 
Does this LLC own an interest in a business entity disregarded for tax purposes?  
 C) [ 
Yes 
X No 
If 'Yes.' complete Schedule EO Part II. 
(continued on Side 3) 
Side 2 
Form 568 01 2015 
7:1277 
wins.) too° 
R66297 
1608 
3672154 
I 
EFTA00806471
--- PAGE 66 ---
(continued from Side 2) 
AA Is any member of the LLC related (as defined in IRC Section 287(c)(4)) to any other member of the LLC" 
• D Yes 
No 
B8 Is any member of the LLC a trust for the benefit of any person related (as defined in IRC Section 287(c)(4)) 
to any other member?  
• 
Yes 
al No 
CC (1) Is the LLC deferring any income from the disposition of assets? (see instructions) 
• 
Yes 
No 
(2) It 'Yes,' enter the year of asset disposition  
• 
DD Is the LLC reporting previously deferred Income from: 
(see instructions) 
 • 
 Installment Sale 
• 
 I IRC §1031 • 0 IRC §1033 • 
Other 
EE (1) Did this LLC generate a New Employment Credit? 
• D Yes 
®No 
(2) II 'Yes.' enter the generated amount  
• 
FF 
"Doing business as" name. See instructions:  
• 
GG (1) Has this LLC operated as another entity type such as a corporation. S corporation. General Partnership. 
Limited Partnership, or Sole Proprietorship in the previous five (5) years? 
• D Yes 
No 
(2) II 'Yes'. provide prior FEIN(s) if different, business name(s), and entity typists) for prior returns 
filed with the FEB and/or IRS (see instructions).
NH (1) Has this LLC previously operated outside California', 
(2) Is this the first year of doing business in California/ 
• 
• 
®Yes 
Yes 
No 
No 
Single Member LLC Information and Consent - Complete only if the LLC is tfisregarded. 
• Federal 11NISSN 
Sole Owner's name (as shown en owners return) 
FEIN/CA Corp noiCA SOS Fie no. 
Sweet Address. City. State and ZIP Code 
• Return Ned with the FIB by the Omer 
0, Form 540 0 (5) Form 541 
(2) Form 100 
(6) Form 100S 
I❑ (3) Form 565 
(7) Form 568 
(4) Other 
klembries Consent Statement: I consent to the winsochan ol the Stale of Caltorna to tax my Ile income and agree lotto returns and pay tax 
as may be required by the FtenalliSO Tax Ward. 
Signature illl. 
Dale 
Sign 
Here 
To learn about your privacy nghls. how we may use your intarrealtan. and the consequences 
PIS, note. TO reptant this notice by mat. eall 00:0452 ST1 1. 
WOW penalties of priory. I deOrre Oar I have erernhe0 Ns return. InCludhg accompanying 
true. correct. and complete. Declaration of preparer (other than laqsame) is based on all intarmalian 
Signature 
of authorized 
member or 
mane it,
for net provslisg the requested 
schedules axi iSsiements. 
ol which ph:paler has 
Dale 
intarmation. go to Whoopee and search tor 
and $3 Itali best Ol My kn.:wedgeand dawn IS 
any knowledge. 
Telephone 
Authorized member or manager's email address (optional) 
• 
(212) 925-5100 
Paid 
Preparer's 
Us• OIBY 
Raid 
preparers 
signature IP 
Date 
ChOdt if 
rn 
sellencleyedLj 
KIN 
• P00002675 
Firm's name (or yourl. 
If self-employed) 
pr. BERDON LLP 
FEIN 
• 
13-0485070 
and address 
360 MADISON AVE 
NEW YORK 
NY 
10017 
Telephone 
• 212-832-0400 
May the FIB discuss this return with the preparer shown above (see instructions)? . . . . • El Yes 0 No 
• 
SY0504 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
027 
3673154 
I 
Form 568Ci 2015 Side 3 
7 • 
EFTA00806472
--- PAGE 67 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Schedule A Cost of Goods Sold 
a Check all methods used for valuing closing inventory: 
13-3495607 
Inventory at beginning of year  
Purchases less cost of items withdrawn for personal use  
Cost of labor  
Additional IRC Section 263A costs. Attach schedule  
Other costs. Attach schedule  
Total. Add line 1 through line 5  
Inventory at end of year  
Cost of goods sold. Subtract line 7 from line 6. Enter here and on Schedule Et line 2  
(1) K 
Cost 
(2) n 
Lower of cost or market as described in Treas. Reg. Section 1.4714 (3) K 
Write down of 'subnormal" goods as 
described in Treat Reg. Section 1.471.2(c) (4) K 
Other. Specify method used and attach evianation 
b Check this box if the LIFO inventory method was adopted this taxable year for any goods. If checked. attach federal Form 970  
c Do the rules of IRC Section 263A (with respect to properly produced or acquired for resale) apply to the LLC?  
d Was there any change (other than for IRC Section 263A purposes) in determining quantities. cost, or valuations between opening 
and closing inventory? If 'Yes.' attach explanation  
yes 0 No 
❑Yes 
❑No 
Schedule B Income and Deductions 
Caution Include only trade or business income and expenses on Ilne 1a through line 22 below. See the Instructions for more Information. 
Income 
a Ciorrosasisesrecepts s 20,059,894. b Latsoswrer
anum
cess and $ 
c Balance • 
1C
20, 059, 894 00 
Cost of goods sold (Schedule A. line 8)  
® 
GROSS PROFIT. Subtract line 2 from line 1c 
 • 
20, 059, 894 00 
Total ordinary income from other LLCs. partnerships. and fiduciaries. Attach schedu6 247 i. 
266, 546 00 
Total ordinary loss from other LLCs. partnerships, and fiduciaries. Attach schedule  
 • 
Total farm profit. Attach federal Schedule F (Form 1040) 
 • 
Total farm loss. Attach federal Schedule F (Form 1040)  
 • 
Total gains included on Schedule D-1. Part II. line 17 (gain only)  
 • 
Total losses included on Schedule D-1. Part II. line 17 (loss only) 
 • 
Other income. Attach schedule  
 • 
Other loss. Attach schedule 
 $7MT la 11 
234,496 00 
Total income (loss). Combine line 3 through kne 11  
 • 
20, 091, 944 00 
Deductions 
Salaries and wages (other than to mamba's) 
11, 291, 732 00 
Guaranteed payments to members  
® 
Bad debts  
 • 
8,131 00 
Deductible interest expense not claimed elsewhere on return 
C) 15 
a Depreciation and amortization. Attach form FTB 3885E $ 
378,384. 
17c 
378, 384 00 
b Loss depreciation reported an Schedule A and elseetiere on return $ 
C Balance • 
Depletion. Do not deduct oil and gas depletion  
Retirement plans. etc.  
106, 026 00 
Employee benefit programs 
338, 804 00 
Other deductions. Attach schedule  
 $7MT I* 21 
5, 438,456 00 
Total deductions. Add line 13 through line 21  
 • 
17,561,533 
23_ Ordinary income (loss) from trade or business activities. Subtract line 22 from line 12 . . . . . • 
2, 530,411 00 
Schedule T Nonconsenting Nonresident Members' Tax Liabili y. Attach additional sheets if necessary. 
Member's name 
SSti%N. 
or FEIN 
Distgutkre 
share of Income 
(d) 
Tax 
rate 
Meggert 
total tax due 
(see instructions) 
Amount withheld by this 
ISO on this member - 
reported on Form 592-B 
Members 
net tax due 
Total the amount of tax due. Enter the total here and on Side I. line 4. II less than zero enter -0-  
• 
Side 4 Form 568 ci 2015 
SYOSO? 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
027 
3674154 
EFTA00806473
--- PAGE 68 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Schedule K Members' Shares of Income, Deductions, Credits, etc. 
DI strItuthe share Items 
(8) 
/mounts Irons 
federal K (I1:45) 
c 
California 
$02.210Manta 
Told amountsusing 
Calilornia law 
I
Income (Loss) 
Ordinary income (loss) from trade or business activities 
• 
2,415,902. 
114,509. 0.) 2,530,411. 
2winemeememnmntal red 044014 *OWE. Math ledefill Form 88.M 
go) 
a Gross Income (loss) from other rental activities  
3a 
(7) 
b Less expenses. Attach schedule  
3b 
e Net Income (loss) from other rental activities. Subtract 
line 3b from line 3a  
3e 
e 
Guaranteed payments to member;  
e 
Interest income . STMT. 3 
17,910. 
• 
17,910. 
Dividends  
_ 
• 
Royalties 
• 
Net short-term capital gain (loss). Attach Schedule 0 (568) 
• 
Net long-term capital gain (loss). Attach Schedule 0 (568) . 
• 
a Total Gain under INC Section 1231 (COW than due 10 Mutiny or MOM 
10a 
• 
b Total Loss uncle: IBC Section 1231 (other than duo to casualty or Mall) 
10b 
• 
a Other portfolio income (loss). Attach schedule 
115 
(i) 
b Total other Income. Attach schedule  
11b 
61) 
e Total other loss. Attach schedule  
11e 
Deductions 
Expense deduction for recovery prcpery (IFIC Section 179). Attach 
schedule  
 SYMT.3 
191,194. 
-191,194. 
NONE 
a Charitable contribute's. See instructions. Mach schedule . . . 
13e 
103,335. 
103,335. 
b Investment interest expense  
13b 
• 
C 1 Total expenditures to v.tfth Inc SeC000 59(e) election may apply. . .  
Type or expenciturea 
13e1 
13e2 
d Deductions related to portfolio income 
13d 
e Other deductions. Mach schedule  
13e 
(() 
Credits 
a Withholding on LLC allocated to all members  
15a 
b Low-income housing credit  
15b 
e Credits other than the credit shown on line 15b related 
to rental real estate activities. Attach schedule  
15e 
d Credits related to other rental activities. Attach schedule, 15d 
e Nonconsenting nonresident members' tax paid by LLC  
15e 
f Other credits. Attach schedule  
15f 
• 
g New Employment Credit  
154 
Alternative Minimum 
Tax (ANT) IMma 
a Depreciation adjustment on propeny placed in service after 198IYfr 17e 
—976. 
12,252. 
11,276. 
b Adjusted gain or loss 
17b 
e Depletion (other than oil and gas) 
17e 
d Gross income from oil, gas, and geothermal properties 
17d 
e Deductions allocable to oil. gas, and geothermal properties 
17e 
I Other alternative minimum tax items. Attach schedule, . 
1W 
Other Information 
a Tax-exempt interest income  
18a 
b Other tax-exempt income 
18b 
• 
e Nondeductible expenses  
 STMT. 3.... the 
118,554. 
118,554. 
a Distributions of money (cash and marketable securities) 
19a 
3.000,000. 
() 3,000,000. 
b Distribution of property other than money 
19b 
( ) 
a Investment income 
20a 
17.910. 
17.910. 
b Investment expenses 
20b 
e Other information. See instructions  
20e 
i
11c. 
a 
a Total distributtvo encornerpaprent toms. Combine linos 1.2. and 3c through 
From the result siblract the sum c4 Inas 12 Ihrcugh 13o.  
21a 
139 283 
305 703 • 
444 986. 
b Analysis 
(a) 
(b) Individual 
(c) 
(d) 
Exempt 
(e) 
(f) 
of members: 
Corporate 
L Active 
IL Passive 
Partnership 
Organizatei 
Nominee/Other 
LLC 
Members 
2,444,986. 
13-3495607 
*STMT 3 
5110334 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
027 
3675154 
I 
Farm 568 ci 2015 Sides I 
EFTA00806474
--- PAGE 69 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Schedule L 
Balance Sheets. See the Instructions for Schedule L, before completing 
Schedules L. M-1, and M-2. 
Assets 
Beginning of taxable year 
End of taxable year 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(d) 
Cash 
a Trade noes and accounts receivable 
b Less ailov.ance for bad debts  
Inventories 
U.S. government obligations  
Tax-exempt securities 
Othat Curreilt aSSetS. Attach schedule 
Mortgage and real estate loans 
Other investments. Attach schedule 
a Bult1,41 and 016/1 deratilltiltatliat.  
b 
Less accumulated depreaatron 
a Depletable assets  
b Less accumulated depletion 
Land (net of any amortization). 
a 
Intangble assets tamortaable ally) 
b Less accumulated amortization 
Other assets. Attach schedule 
Total assets  
577 394. 
3,532,783. 
526 765. 
I 
290 056. 
( 
100 000. ) 
10,426,765. ( 
0. ) 
9,190,056. 
• 
STMT 4 
STMT 4 
228,894. 
• 
176,432. 
-214 609. 
• 
83,446. 
4,116,424. 
4,123,029 
3,577,355. ) 0 
539 069. ( 
3,396,487. ) • 
726,542. 
M
r
( 
) 
) 
) 
( 
1,-.•iiii :;',eet- 
I 
2,361,407. 
di 
IIIIIIIIIP 
JIM 
• 
3: 051607. 
17,918,920. 
760, 866. 
Liabilities and Capital 
Accounts payed°  
titmez Mtn. bores Nivea a it 
Other Current tabula. Mach uneduse 
All nonrecourse loans 
ifl rer."
'"
""
w  
Other habilties. Attach schedule  
Members' capital accounts .  
Total liabilities and capital .  
=_ 'r!4
 *,t1 1 1 
'_r
13,449,263. 
12,182,330. 
• 
1,304,038. 
1,786,832. 
• 
1,314,035. 
• 
1,620,133. 
CO 
1,851,584. 
• 
1,171,571. 
17,918,920. 
16,760,866. 
Schedule M-1 Reconciliation of Income (Loss) per Books With Income (Loss) per Return. Use total amount under Catania law. See instructions. 
Nei income (loss) per backs. 
. . . . 
Income included on Schedule K. line 1 
through line 11c, not recorded on 
books this yes. Itemize 
 • 
Guaranteed payrnalls other that health nsurance) 
Expenses recorded on books this year 
not included on Schedule K, line 1 
through line 13e. Itemize: 
a oepredewn . .S  
b Travel and 
ontonelnment 
.$  
90,792. 
• annual ILO to .S  
800. 
• Omer 
510,390. 
• Total. Add line 4a through 4d. 
• 
Total of line 1 through line 49 
Schedule M-2 Analysis of Itembers' Capital Accounts. Use California amounts. 
Balance at beginning ol year  
851,584 
Total of line 1 through line 4  
Capital contributed during year 
a Cue 
• 
Distributions: a Cash 
 SIMT.6.. 
b Property 
 • 
b Properly 
 • 
Other decreases. Itemize  
 • 
Nei income (loss) per baolcsSiMi . 5 
319 987 
Total of line 6 and hne 7  
Other Increases. Itemize  
• 
Balance at end of year. Subtract line 8 Irom line 5 
319 987 
601,982.
921 969 
Income recorded o becks this yew not Included 
on Schedule K. line I through We 11c. Itemize: 
a Tax-exempt interest. .
.
. 
b Other 
. . . STMT. 5$ 
521 
c Total. Add line 6.2 and line 6b 
• 
Deductions included on Schedule K. line 1 
through line 13e, not charged against book 
income this year. Itemize: 
a Depreciation 
772 
b Other, 
symr.ss 
337 690 
c Total. Add line 7a and line 70 
• 
Total. Add line 6c and line 7c. 
Income (loss) (Schedule K. line 21a). Subtract 
line 8 from line 5  
444 986 
171 571. 
000 000 
000 000 
1,171,571. 
Schedule O 
Amounts from Liquidation used to Capitalize a Limited Liability Company. (complete only it Mel return boils etuaNted CO side I. Question H.) 
Name of entity liquidated (if more than one, attach a schedule) 
Type of entity: c
(1) O Corporation c (2) S Corporation Q (3) Partnership Li 
(4) Limited Partnershp Li 
(5) Sole Proprietor Li 
(6) Farmer 
Entity identification number(s) FEIN 
 SSN or MN  
 Corporation  
 CA SOS 
Amount of liquidation gains recognized to capitalize the LLC  
 • 
Side 6 
Form 568 CI 2015 
S001591.000 
R66297 
1608 
027 
3676154 
I 
• 
EFTA00806475
--- PAGE 70 ---
Schedule 1W 
Limited Liability Company (LLC) Income Worksheet 
Enter your California income amounts on the worksheet. MI amounts entered must be assigned for Callama law differences. Use only amounts that are from 
sources derived from or attributable to California when completing lines 1-17 of this worksheet It your business is both vathin and outside of Callama. see 
Schedule IW instructions to assign the correct amounts to California. If the LLC is wholly within California. the total income amount is assigned to Cana is and 
is entered beginning with line I a. It the single member LLC (SMLLC) does not meet the 3 million were for ling Schedule 8 (568) and Schedule K (568). the 
SMLLC is still required to complete Schedule IW. Disregarded entities that do not meet the tong requirements to complete Schedule 8 or Schedule K should prepare 
Schedule IW by entering the California amounts alubulable to the disregarded entity from the members federal Schedule B. C. D. E. F (Form 1040). or additional 
schedules associated wan other activities. Do not enter amounts on this worksheet that have already been reported by another LLC to determine its lee. 
See instructions on page 13 of the Form 568 Booklet for more information on how to complete Schedule IW. 
a Total California income from Form 568. Schedule B. line 3. See instructions  
01a  
5,238,765. 
b Enter the California cost of goods sold Irom Form 568. Schedule B. line 2 and from federal 
Schedule F (Form 1040) (plus California adjustments) associated with the receipts assigned 
to California on lines 1a and 4 
lb 
a II the answer to Question U(t) on Form 568 Side 2. is 'Yes', include the gross income of 
this disregarded entity that is not included in lines 1 and 8 through 16  
2a 
b Enter the cost ol goods sold of disregarded entities associated with the receipts assigned to 
California on line 2a 
2b 
a LLC's distributive share of ordinary income from pass-through entities  
3a 
b Enter the LLC's distributive share of cost of goods sold Irom other pass-through entities 
associated with the receipt assigned to California on line 3a (see Schedule K-1s (565). 
Table 3. tine la) 
3b 
c Enter the LLC's distributive share of deductions from other pass-through entities associated with 
the receipt assigned to Cardonsa on line 3a (see Schedule K-I s (565). Table 3. bile lb) 
3c 
266,546.
Add gross farm income from federal Schedule F (Form 1040). Use California amounts  
Enter the total of other income (not loss) from Form 568. Schedule B. line 10  
NONE 
Enter the total gains (not losses) from Form 568. Schedule B. line 8  
6 
Add line la through line 6  
5, 505, 311. 
California rental real estate 
a Enter the total gross rents from federal Form 8825. line 18a 
8a 
b Enter the total gross rents from all Schedule K-1s (565). Table 3. line 2  
8b 
c Add line 8a and line 8b  
8e 
Other California rentals. 
a Enter the amount Irom Schedule K (568). line 3a 
9a 
b Enter the amount from all Schedule K-1s (565). Table 3. line 3  
9b 
c Add lines 9a and 9b 
9c 
California interest. Enter the amount from Form 568. Schedule K. line 5 
010 
NONE 
California dividends. Enter the amount from Form 568. Schedule K. line 6 
011 
California royalties. Enter the amount Irom Form 568. Schedule K. line 7  
012 
California capital gains. Enter the capital gains (not losses) included in the amounts Irom Form 568. 
Schedule K. lines 8 and 9  
013 
California 1231 gains. Enter the amount of total gains (not losses) from Form 568. Schedule K. line 10a  
014 
Other California portfolio income (not loss). Enter the amount from Form 568 Schedule K. tine Ila  
015 
Other California income (not loss) not included in line 5. Enter the amount Irom Form 568. Schedule K. tine 11b. O 16 
NONE 
. 
Total California income. Add lines 7. 8c. 9c. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. and 16. Line 17 may not be a negative number. 
Enter here and on Form 568. Side 1. Line I. II less than zero enter -0-  
017  
5,505,311. 
• 
027 
3677154 
I-
Form 568 ei 2015 
Side? 
SVOS.48 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
• 
EFTA00806476
--- PAGE 71 ---
AXt,ELL YEA'-{ 
CALIFORNIA FORM 
2015 Depreciation and Amortization 
3885L 
Name as shown on return 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
CaIdornia Secretary of State (SOS) Se no. 
200506910067 
ACTIVITY: 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
FEIN 
13-3495607 
Assets and intangibles placed in service during the 2015 taxable year: 
Depreciation of assets 
Amortization of properly 
Description of properly 
(b) 
Date papa 
In spv[Ce 
(InntIOWYPrv) — 
D4 
Cost or 
Other beans 
OD 
Method 
of figuring 
dcprcoaacei 
(e) 
Life or 
rale 
(I) 
Depreciation tar 
this year 
CM 
Code 
seism 
al 
Period or 
Perceefbile 
M 
Arnortizarion to 
thiS year 
* * * 
SEE DETAIL 
*** 
Enter line 1. column (9 and column (I) totals 
I 
63, 651. 
614 
Depreciation 
Be sure to make adjustments for any basis differences when calculating depreciation. 
California depreciation for assets placed in service beginning before the 2015 taxable year 
Total California depreciation. Add line 1(1) and line 2 
Amortization 
Be sure to make adjustments for any basis differences when calculating amortization. 
California amortization for intangibles placed in service beginning before the 2015 taxable year  
Total California amortization. Add line 1(i) and line 4 
Total depreciation and amortization. Add line 3 and line 5. Enter the total here and on Form 568, Schedule B, line 17a. 
if from a trade or business. or on federal Form 8825, line 14. if from rental real estate activities  
IRC Section 179 expense deduction from tine 12 of the worksheet in the instructions . 7  
NONE 
Carryover of disallowed deduction to 2016 from line 13 of the worksheet in the instructions 
NONE 
114,119. 
177,770. 
200,000. 
200,614. 
378,384. 
General Information 
In general, for taxable years beginning on or after January 1. 2015. California 
law conforms to the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) as of January 1. 2015. 
However. there are continuing differences between California and federal 
law. When California conforms to federal tax law changes, we do not always 
adopt all of the changes made at the federal level. For more information. go 
to ftb.ca.gov and search for conformity. Additional information can be found 
in FTB Pub. 1001. Supplemental Guidelines to California Adjustments, the 
instructions for California Schedule CA (540 or 540NR). and the Business 
Entity tax booklets. 
The instructions provided with California tax forms are a summary of 
California lax law and are only intended to aid taxpayers in preparing their 
state income tax returns. We include information that is most useful to the 
greatest number of taxpayers in the limited space available. It is not possible 
to Include all requirements of the California Revenue and Taxation Code 
(R8TC) in the tax booklets. Taxpayers should not consider the tax booklets 
as authoritative law. 
A Purpose 
Use form FTB 3885L, Depreciation and Amortization, to compute 
depreciation and amortization allowed as a deduction on Form 568. Limited 
Liability Company Return of Income. Attach form FTB 3885L to Form 568. 
Depreciation is the annual deduction allowed to recover the cost or other 
basis of business or income producing property with a determinable useful 
life of more than one year. Land is not depreciable. 
Amortization is an amount deducted to recover the cost of certain capital 
expenses over a fixed period. 
B Federal/State Calculation Differences 
California law has not always conformed to federal law with regard 
to depreciation methods. special credits, or accelerated write-oils. 
Consequently, the recovery periods and the basis on which the depreciation 
is calculated may be different from the amounts used for federal purposes. 
Reportable differences may occur If all or part of your assets were placed in 
service: 
• Before January 1, 1987: California disallowed depreciation under the 
federal Accelerated Cost Recovery System (ACRS). Continue to calculate 
California depreciation in the same manner as in prior years for those 
assets. 
• On or after January 1, 1987: California provides special crafts and 
accelerated write-offs that affect the California basis for qualifying assets. 
California does not conform to all the changes to federal law enacted in 
1993. Therefore. the California basis or recovery periods may be afferent 
for some assets. 
California law does not conform to the federal law for: 
• IRC Section 168(k) relating to the 50% bonus depreciation for 
certain assets. 
• The enhanced IRC Section 179 expensing election. 
• The additional first-year depreciation of certain qualified property 
placed in service after October 3, 2008. and the election to claim 
additional research and minimum tax credits in lieu of claiming the 
bonus depreciation. 
• 
027 
7651154 
I 
FTB 3885L 2015 
IM 
MOM LWO 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806477
--- PAGE 72 ---
TAXABLE YEAR 
CAUF3fINLA SCHEDULE 
2015 
Pass-Through Entity Ownership 
EO (568) 
Name as shown on tax return 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
FEIN 
13-3495607 
California Secretary of State (SOS) file no. 
200506910067 
Part I - Partial Ownership List the entities in which the taxpayer holds ownership of less than 100%. 
Name of Entity 
CA SOS file no. 
FEIN 
CA 
Source 
Income 
See 
instrs. 
Profit and Loss 
Sharing Percentage. 
See instructions. 
Profit 
Loss 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Part II - Full Ownership List the disregarded entities in which the taxpayer holds full ownership oil00%. 
Name of Entity 
CA SOS file no. 
FEIN 
CA 
Source 
Income 
See 
instrs. 
Full Ownership 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
• 
• 
• 
100% 
TKO TNELVE MANAGEMENT, LW 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 201154409 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
0.8000 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
0.8000 
• 
5Y0505 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
027 
8331154 
I 
Schedule EO (568)2015 
■ 
EFTA00806478
--- PAGE 73 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
027 
13-3495607 
CALIFORNIA INCOME FROM OTHER PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
Activity 
Name and Address 
ID Number and Type of Income 
A
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
20-1354409 
GENERAL TRADE/BUSINESS 
B 
C 
D 
Activity 
A 
B 
C 
D 
Publicly traded pannership 
Qualified low income housing . . .  
Activity disposed of dunng year 
• • • 
NO 
NO 
NO 
Schedule K -1 
Line References 
266,546. 
Ordinary 
Rental 
Other 
Interest 
Dividend 
Royalty 
Short-term 
a 
Other 
Guaranteed 
ab 
Net 
Other 
a 
Charitable 
Section 
d 
Deductions 
e 
Other 
b 
Investment 
a 
Investment 
b 
Investment 
b 
Low 
c 
Credit 
d 
Credit 
1 
Other 
a 
Depr. 
b 
Adj. 
17c 
Depletion  
d 
Gross 
a 
Deducts 
1 
Other 
c 
Section 
a 
Tax 
b 
Other 
18c 
Nonded 
Other 
Long-term 
Income  
Real Estate  
Rental 
Income 
Income 
Income  
Net Capital Gil.  
Portfolio Income . .  
Payments 
Section 1231 0/1. 
Income  
Contributions . .  
179 Expense 
For Portfolio Inc.  
Deduclions 
Interest Expense 
Income 
Expense . . .  
Income Housing Credit  
Rental Real Estate. .  
Other Rental  
Credits  
Adj. Prop. 12/31/86 
°Moss 
Income 003as/Geoth 
Allen. To ChltGas 
AMT  
59(e)  
- exempt int. Income 
tax exempt Income 
expense  
Items  
Net Capital GA. .  
5, 160. 
-58 . 
27,762. 
600561 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806479
--- PAGE 74 ---
TAXABLE YEAR 
CAIJFORNIA SCHEDULE 
2015 
Apportionment and Allocation of Income 
Attach this schedule behind the California tax return and prior to the supporting schedules. 
For calendar year 2015 or fiscal year beginning month (mmiddlyyyy) 
, and ending (mmiddryyyy  
Corporation name 
California corporation number 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Waters-Edge Filers Only: If controlled foreign corporations we Included in the combined report, attach form FTB 2418. 
Complete Schedule R (Side 1 and Side 2) and all applicable Schedules (R-1 through R-7). See General Information for Schedule R. 
a Net Income (loss) after state adjustments from Form 100 or Form 100W. Side 2. line 17: Farm 100S. Side 2. 
line 14: Form 100X. line 4. Form 565 and Form 568 filers: Enter the total of line 1 through line 11c from 
Schedule K (565 or 568) less the total of line 12 through line 13e Worn Schedule K (565 or 568) 
 • 
b Waters-edge foreign investment interest offset from form FTB 2424. line 17 
 • 
c Total. Combine line 1a and line lb 
 • 
Nonbusiness Income (Lose) from All Sources. See General Information A for definitions and examples. 
DoAdends included on line la and not deducted on Form 100. Side 2. line 11: 
Form 100W. Side 2. lines 11 alb: or Form 1005. Side 2. lines 9 and 10  
 • 
Interest. Attach schedule  
 • 
Net income (loss) from the rental of property from Schedule R-3, 
line 3. column (c)  
 • 
Royalties. Attach schedule 
 • 
Gain (loss) from the sale of assets from Schedule R-4. line 2. column (e) 
• 
Gain (loss) from sale of a nonbusiness interest in a partnership or LLC. 
Attach schedule  
 • 
Miscellaneous nonbusiness income (loss). Attach schedule  
 • 
Total nonbusiness income (loss). Combine line 2 through line 8  
 • 
Business Income (Lose) before Apportionment (subject to a separate apportionment formula) 
Nonunitary partnership or LLC business income (loss) 
 • 10 
Income (loss) from a separate trade or business. 
Attach supplemental Schedule R 
 • 11 
Business income (loss) deferred tom poor years. See General Information L, 
• 12 
Capital gain (loss) netting subject to separate apportionment. 
See General Information M 
 • 13 
Total separately apportionable business income (loss). Combine line 10 through line 13  
 • 
Total business income (loss) subject to apportionment for this trade or business. subtract the sum of line 9 
and line 14 from line lc 
 • 
Interest offset from Schedule R-5. line 7 or line 16 (California domiciliaries only)  
 • 
Business income (loss) for this trade or business subject to apportionment. Combine line 15 and line 16 
• 
a Apportionment percentage from Schedule R-1. Part A. line 2 or Part B. line 5 
b Business income (loss) apportioned to California. Multiply line 17 by line 18a  
• 
Nonbusiness Income (Loss) Allocable to California. If no income (loss) is allocable to California. do not complete 
line 19 through line 26. enter -0- on line 27 and go to Side 2. line 28. 
Dividends and interest income (if taxpayer's commercial domicile is in California): 
a Dividends included in line 2 above 
• 
b Interest included in line 3 above 
• 
Net income (loss) from the rental of property within California from Schedule R-3. line 3. column (b) 
 • 
Royalties. Attach schedule 
 • 
Gain (loss) from the sale of assets within California from Schedule R-4. line 2. total of column (b) and 
column (d). Combined reporting groups. see General Information M  
 • 
Gain (loss) from sale of a nonbusiness interest in a partnership or LLC. Attach schedule  
 • 
Miscellaneous nonbusiness income (loss). Attach schedule  
 • 
Total nonbusiness income (loss) allocable to California. Combine line 19a through line 24  
 • 
Interest offset from line 16 allocated to income included on line 19a and line 19b (California domicikary only) 
See General Information J  
 • 
Net nonbusiness income (loss) allocable to California. Subtract line 26 from line 25  
 • 
to 
lb 
2,444,98600
lc 
2,444,98600 
2,444,98600
18a 
2,444,98600
24.8951 
% 
18b 
608,682 00 
19a 
19b 
MMUO 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
027 
8011154 
I 
Schedule R 2015 Side 1 
EFTA00806480
--- PAGE 75 ---
Corporation name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
California corporation number 
California Business Income (Loss) subject to a separate apportionment formula. 
California business income (loss) from a nonunitary partnership or LLC. 
• 
California income (loss) from a separate trade or business. Attach 
supplemental schedule R 
 • 
California business income (loss) deferred from prior years. 
See General Information L  
 • 
Total business income (loss) separately apportioned to California. Combine ine 28 through line 30  
 • 31 
Net Income (Lon) for California Purpose 
Post-apportioned and allocated amounts from capital gain (loss) netting. 
See General Information M  
 • 32 
Net income (loss) for California purposes before contributions adjustment. Combine lines 18b. 27.31. and 32. • 33 
608,682 00 
Contributions adjustment from Schedule R-6 line 15  
 • 30 
Net income (loss) for California purposes. Combine line 33 and line 34. Enter here and on Form 100 or 
Form 100W. Side 2. line 18 or Form 100S. Side 2 line 15 
• 35 
608,682 00 
• 
Side 2 Schedule R 2015 
syosal 1.000 
R6 629 7 
1608 
027
8012154 
I-
• 
EFTA00806481
--- PAGE 76 ---
Corporation name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
California corporation number 
Schedule R-1 Apportionment Formula 
Part A Standard Method - Single-Sales Factor Formula. Complete this pan only it the corporation uses the single-sales factor formula. 
See General Information G and Specific Instructions. 
Total within amilutskle California 
Total wrthln)Catfamia 
California
(e) Percent within 
(lb) ÷ (a)) x 100 
Sales: Gross receipts, less returns, and allowances 
a Sales delivered or shipped to California purchasers.
(i) Shipped from outside California  
(i) Shipped from within California 
b Sales shipped from California to: 
(I) The United States Government 
(1) Purchasers in a statewbere the taxpayer is not taxable. . • 
c Total other gross receipts  
(I) Sales from services  
(1) Sales or other income from intangibles  
(iii) Sales nom rental. leasing or itensag or istogibie or real progeny • • 
(iv) Sales from other gross receipts  
d Sales from partnerships or LLCs treated as partnerships 
Total sales  
21,043,361. 
5,238,765. 
• 
• 
• 
•
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
21,043,361. • 
5,238,765. 
Apportionment percentage. Divide total sates column (b) by total 
salescolumn la) and muffler), Iheresult by 100. Enter the result here 
and on Schedule R. Side 1. line I8a. See General Information H . . 
• 
24.8951 % 
Part B Thute-FactorFonnula.commete this part only it the corporation uses the three-lam, formula. 
rill)
Total within an outside California 
Total irdthSIA/ California 
(e) Percent within 
California ((h)+ (a)] x 100 
Property: Use the average yearly value of owned real and tangible 
personal poverty used in the business at original cost. See General 
Information E. Exclude property not connected wsh the business 
and the value of construction in progress. 
Inventory  
Buildings  
Machinery and equipment (including delivery equipment) 
Furniture and fixtures  
Land  
Other tangible assets. Attach schedule.  
Rented property used in the business. See General Information E.  
Total • ro 
Perna use emPkiree we* sales. comnierlons. and drier 
compensation related to ovenees ocome see General inlormailon F. 
Total payroll  
• 
• 
. 
Sales: Gross receipts. less returns. and allowances. See General 
Information G and Specific Instructions 
a Sales delivered or shipped to California purchasers. 
(I) Shipped from outside California  
(i) Shipped from within California  
b Sales shipped from California to: 
(I) The United States Government  
(i) Purchasers in a state where the taxpayer s not taxable. .  
c Total other gross receipts 
Total sales  
Total percent. Add the percentages in column (c). . . .  
Apportionment percentage. DnAde line 4 by3. enter the result 
here and on Schedule R. Side 1. line 18a. See General iniormation H 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
5,
°I 
• 
% 
VOSOG 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
027 
8013154 
I 
Schedule R 2015 Side 3 
• 
EFTA00806482
--- PAGE 77 ---
Corporation name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
California corporation number 
Schedule R-2 
Sales and General Questionnaire. Attach additional sheets if necessary. 
Describe briefly the nature and location(s) of the California business activities.  
SEE STATEMENT 8 
State the exact title and principal business activity of all joint ventures, partnerships. or LLCs in which the corporation has an interest.  
SEE STATEMENT 8 
Does the California sales figure on Schedule R-1(82 a comparable schedule in a combined reran) include all sales shipped from California where the 
purchaser is the U.S. Government? E Yes Lxj No 
II "No: enalain. 
SEE STATEMENT 8 
Does the California sales figure on Schedule R-1 (or a comparable schedule in a combined report include all sales shipped from California to states in 
which the taxpayer is not subject to tax? See General Information G and Specific Instructions. 
Yes El No 
If "No," 
$EE STATEMENT 8
Did the taxpayer use reasonable approximation to assign sales under Schedule R-1, Part A. line lc (i)-(iv)?•E Yes E No 
If "Yes." provide a brief 
description.  
Are the nonbusiness items reported on Schedule R. Side 1. line 2 throiiti line 8, and the apportionment factor items reported on Schedule RA treated 
consistently on all state tax returns filed by the taxpayer? E Yes 
Lj No 
If 'No." explain. 
Has this corporation or any member of its combined unitary group changed the way income is apportioned or allocated to California from prior year tax 
returns? See General Information I. K 
Yes 
El No 
II "Yes," explain.  
Does the California sales figure on Schedule R-1 (or comparable schedule in a combined report) include all sales shipped to California destinations? 
E Yes 
El No 
If "No,' Indicate the name of the selling member and the nature of the sales activity believed to be immune. 
SEE STATEMENT 8 
Does the California sales figure on Schedule R-1 (or comparable schedule in a combined report) include all sales delivered to customers outside 
California which have an ultimate destination in Cakfornia? 
K 
Yes E No If "No," explain.  
SEE STATEMENT 8 
Schedule R-3 
Net Income (Loss) from the Rental of Nonbusiness Property 
Income Trom rents  
Rental deductions  
Net income (loss) from rents. Subtract line 2 from line I. Enter the 
result here and enter column (c) on Side I. line 4: enter column (b) 
on Side 1. line 20  
(a) 
Total outside 
California 
(b) 
Total within 
California 
(0) 
Total outside and wt hin 
California (a) • (b) 
CI 
(ID 
Schedule R-4 Gain (Loss) from the Sale of Nonbusiness Assets 
California sales of nonbusiness assets include transactions involving: (1) real property located in California; 2) tangible personal property, if h had a shut in 
California at the time of sale, or if the corporation is commercially domiciled in California and not taxable in the state where the properly had a shut at the 
time of sale: and (31 intangible oersonal 000env if the co 
ration's commercial domicile is in California or the income is otherwise allocable to California. 
Description 01 property sold 
Real estate and other tangible assets 
intangible assets 
Total 
(a) 
Gain (loss) from 
outside California 
(9) 
Gain (loss) horn 
within California 
(c) 
Gain (loss) gran 
outside California 
(d) 
Gain (loss) from 
Within California 
le) 
Cain (oss) 
90•044(c)+(c0 
CI 
C.) 
CI 
C) 
C) 
CI 
C) 
Total gain (loss)  
C) 
CI 
Cl 
Enter total gain (loss) line 2. column (e) on Side 1, line 6 and enter total of line 2. columns (b) and (d) on Side 1, line 22. 
Side 4 Schedule R 2015 
027 
8014154 
r 
SY0S.12 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806483
--- PAGE 78 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
CALIFORNIA GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Sus. 
% 
179 exp. 
reduc. 
an basis 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me- 
thod 
Con- 
ven- 
Mon 
Life 
/CRS 
cies 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
-yr 179 
suspense 
Current-year 
depreciation 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
08/31/1991 
22,526. 
100. 
22,526. 
12,526. 
12,526.5c 
5.000 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
10/31/1991 
18,041. 
100. 
18,041. 
18.041. 
182041.SL 
5.000 
FURNITURE/FIXTURES 
05/31/1991 
20,823. 
100. 
20,821. 
20,1123. 
20,823.5c 
7.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
01/04/1989 
12,215. 
100. 
12,215. 
12,215. 
12,215.5c 
5.000 
COMPUTER 
01/04/1989 
47,819. 
100. 
47,819. 
47,819. 
47,819.31. 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
01/04/1989 
25,209. 
100. 
25,209. 
25,209. 
25209.5c 
5.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
01/04/1989 
26,013. 
100. 
26,011. 
26,013. 
26,013.5c 
7.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1990 
6,535. 
100. 6,535. 
NONE 
NCMESL 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO(NY) 
07/01/1990 
33,156. 
100. 
31,158. 
12,540. 
33,158.51 
31.000 
618. 
FURNITURE/FIXTURES 
07/01/1990 
4,541. 
100. 3,465. 
1,076. 
2,076. 
1,076.51 
7.000 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
01/31/1992 
6,539. 
100. 
8,519. 
8,539. 
8,539.31 
5.000 
PRINTER 
02/26/1993 
4,241. 
100. 
4,241. 
4,241. 
4,241.31 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
05/10/1993 
2,382. 
100. 
2,382. 
2,382. 
2,382.51 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
10/01/1993 
2,454. 
100. 
2,454. 
2,454. 
2.454.SL 
5.000 
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT 
11/01/1993 
31,034. 
100. 11,500. 
21,534. 
13,534. 
13,534.SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
06/01/1993 
2,500. 
100. 
2,500. 
2,500. 
2,500.31 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
02/28/1994 
8,179. 
100. 
8,179. 
4,174. 
4./84.SL 
39.000 
210. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO(NY) 
04/30/1994 
2,319. 
100. 
2,319. 
1,163. 
1,222.31 
39.000 
59. 
LHI INV) 
07/31/1994 
10,964. 
100. 
20,964. 
5,468. 
5.749.SL 
39.000 
281. 
LHI INV) 
08/31/1994 
32,074. 
100. 
32,074. 
15,927. 
16,749.51 
39.000 
822. 
LHI INV) 
10/30/1994 
11,325. 
100. 
11,325. 
5,571. 
5,861.51 
39.000 
290. 
LHI INV) 
11/30/1994 
12,425. 
100. 
12,425. 
6,101. 
6,420.51 
39.000 
319. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1995 
55,855. 
100. 
55,855. 
55,854. 
55,654.5c 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE 
07/01/1995 
12,155. 
100. 
12,155. 
6,105. 
6,417.SL 
39.000 
312. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE 
07/01/1995 
11,496. 
100. 
21,498. 
5,772. 
6,067.SL 
39.000 
295. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1995 
31,451. 
100. 
31,451. 
11,451. 
31,481.SL 
7.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1995 
16,832. 
100. 
26,832. 
16,811. 
16,831.51 
7.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT(NYI 
07/01/1996 
45,326. 
100. 
45,326. 
45,326. 
45,126.51 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT(FLI 
07/01/1996 
20,695. 
100. 
20,695. 
10,694. 
10,694.31 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/1996 
54,075. 
100. 
54,075. 
25,596. 
26,983.51 
39.000 
1,387. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1996 
35,874. 
100. 17,500. 
18,374. 
18,374. 
18,174.SL 
7.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1996 
26,528. 
100. 
26,528. 
16,528. 
16,528.31 
7.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1996 
6,256. 
100. 
6,256. 
6,256. 
6,256.31 
7.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/1997 
55,400. 
100. 
55,400. 
24,804. 
26,225.5c 
39.000 
1,421. 
OFFICE FURNITURE 
07/01/2997 
8,872. 
100. 8,872. 
200DR HY 
OFFICE FURNITURE 
07/01/1997 
1,952. 
100. 2,952. 
20008 HY 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Retied 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806484
--- PAGE 79 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
CALIFORNIA GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Bus. 
% 
lig exp. 
reduc. 
in basis 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me• 
thod 
Con- 
yen• 
lion 
Life 
!CRS 
class 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
•yr 179 
expense 
Current•year 
depreciation 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV. 
11/22/1998 
11,700. 
100. 
11,700. 
4,838. 
5,138.SL 
39.000 
300. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV. 
08/28/1998 
29,553. 
100. 
29,551. 
12,413. 
13,171.SL 
39.000 
758. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
12,254. 
100. 
12,254. 
12,254. 
12,254.51 
7.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
21,639. 
100. 
21,639. 
21,619. 
21,619.5E 
7.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXTURES 
07/01/1998 
13,092. 
100. 
11,092. 
11,092. 
13, 092. si. 
7.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1998 
126,474. 
100. 
126,474. 
126,474. 
126.4/4.SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
07/01/1998 
77,3.09. 
100. 
77,109. 
77,109. 
77,109.SL 
5.000 
• COMPUTER 
01/28/1998 
236,963. 
100. 
236,963. 
227,261. 
227,263.5E 
5.000 
• COMPUTER 
01/28/1998 
0,330. 
100. 
67,330. 
64,573. 
64, 573. si. 
5.000 
• COMPUTER 
01/28/1998 
35,900. 
100. 
35,900. 
34,412. 
34,431.51 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/1999 
112,785. 
100. 
112,785. 
44,707. 
47,599.51 
39.000 
2,892. 
FURNITURE 6 F (NY) 
07/01/1999 
66,766. 
100. 
66,766. 
66,766. 
66,766.SL 
7.000 
FURNITURE 6 F (FL) 
07[01L1_9_99 
1,951. 
100. 
1,951. 
1,953. 
1,951.5L 
7.000 
COMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/1999 
202,098. 
100. 
202,098. 
202,098. 
202,098.5L 
5.000 
COMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/1999 
45,399. 
100. 
45,399. 
45.399. 
45,199.51 
5.000 
COMPUTER (CAI 
07/01/1999 
69,509. 
100. 
69,509. 
69,509. 
69,509.51 
5.000 
COMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/1997 
38,206. 
100. 
36,206. 
38,206. 
38,206.51 
5.000 
COMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/1997 
12,929. 
100. 
12,929. 
12,928. 
12, 928. sc. 
5.000 
COMPUTER-96'RETIRED 
07/01/1996 
-19,757. 
100. 
-19,757. 
-19,757. 
-19.757.SL 
5.000 
COMPUTER (NYI 
07/01/2000 
174,341. 
100. 
174,341. 
174,341. 
174,341.SL 
5.000 
COMPUTER (FLI 
07/01/2000 
66,827. 
100. 
66.827. 
66,07. 
66,827.5E 
5.000 
COMPUTER (CAI 
07/01/2000 
66,027. 
100. 
66,027. 
66,027. 
66,027. SL 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROV(NYI 
07/01/2000 
37,330. 
100. 
37,330. 
11,817. 
14,794.SL 
39.000 
957. 
FURNITURE 6 F (NY) 
07/01/2000 
39,506. 
100. 
39,506. 
19,506. 
39,506.5E 
7.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY 
01/01/2001 
2,014. 
100. 2,014. 
20008 HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT (NY 
01/01/2001 
1,959. 
100. 1,959. 
200DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
01/431/2001 
4,899. 
100. 4,899. 
200DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
05/01/2001 
4,244. 
100. 4,244. 
200DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
01/01/2001 
1,161. 
100. 1,161. 
200DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
01/01/2001 
1,546. 
100. 2,546. 
200DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
02/16/2001 
1,132. 
100. 
2,3.32. 
200DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
02/15/2001 
2,271. 
100. 2,273. 
200DB HY 
S 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT- CA 
07/15/2002 
4,569. 
100. 4,569. 
20008 HY 
FURNITURE -NY 
04/30/2002 
12,000. 
100. 12,000. 
200os Hy 
COMPUTER -NY 
04/10/2003 
41,698. 
100. 
NONE 
41,698. 
41,698. 
41,698.SL 
5.000 
COMPUTER -NY 
04/10/2003 
20,169. 
100. 
NONE 
20,169. 
20,169. 
20,169.5E 
5.000 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Retied 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806485
--- PAGE 80 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
CALIFORNIA GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed In 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Bus. 
% 
lig exp. 
reduc. 
in basis 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me- 
thod 
Con- 
yen- 
lion 
Life 
/CRS 
class 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
-yr 179 
expense 
Current•year 
depreciation 
COMPUTER -NY 
04/2612003 
1,372. 
100. 
NONE 
3.312. 
3,372. 
1,372.m. 
5.000 
COMPUTER 
05/21/2003 
4,441. 
100. 
NONE 
4,443. 
4,443. 
4,441. si. 
5.000 
COMPUTER 
06/17/2003 
6,582. 
100. 
NONE 
6,562. 
6,582. 
6,582.81 
5.000 
COMPUTER 
07/22/2003 
5,359. 
100. 
NONE 
5,359. 
5,359. 
5,359. sc. 
5.000 
COMPUTER - NY 
06/06/2003 
19,961. 
100. 
NONE 
29,961. 
19,961. 
19,962.m. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT -NY 
08/22/2003 
6,045. 
100. 
8,045. 
8,045. 
6,045.m. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPIEIT - FL 
04/09/2003 
11,449. 
100. 
21,449. 
11,449. 
13,449.m. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
04/09/2003 
5,561. 
100. 
5,563. 
5,563. 
5,561. sc. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
04/09/2003 
15,000. 
100. 
15,000. 
15,000. 
15,000.m. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
06/01/2003 
4,088. 
100. 
4,088. 
4,088. 
4.096.m. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
06/30/2003 
1,880. 
100. 
1,880. 
1,880. 
1,880.51 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
06/06/2003 
2,096. 
100. 
2,098. 
2,098. 
2,096. SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
10/02/2003 
2, HO . 
100. 
2,187. 
2,187. 
2, 307. sc. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
10/08/2003 
1,639. 
100. 
1,619. 
2,639. 
1,639. SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
11/18/2003 
1,355. 
100. 
3,355. 
3,355. 
1,355. SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-FL 
12/31/2003 
1,596. 
100. 
3.596. 
3,596. 
1,596.m. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
04/09/2003 
17,211. 
100. 
17.211. 
17,211. 
17,213 . sc. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
04/16/2003 
15,000. 
100. 
15.000. 
15,000. 
15,000.m. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
06/30/2003 
6,016. 
100. 
6,016. 
6,026. 
6,016.m. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP-CAL 
12/31/2003 
2,420. 
100. 
2,420. 
2,420. 
2,420. SL 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
06/22/2003 
103,492. 
100. 
103,492. 
30,634. 
33,288.5E 
39.000 
2,654. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
07/24/2003 
26,080. 
100. 
26,080. 
7,666. 
8,335.51 
39.000 
669. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
08/12/2003 
17,758. 
100. 
27,756. 
5,176. 
5,631.51 
39.000 
455. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
09/18/2003 
128,435. 
100. 
128,435. 
17,185. 
40,478.m. 
39.000 
3,293. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
10/26/2003 
16,767. 
100. 
16,767. 
4,820. 
5,250.51 
39.000 
430. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
11/19/2003 
41,981. 
100. 
41,981. 
11,9/1. 
13,047.m. 
39.000 
1,076. 
FURNITURE/FIX- NY 
11/25/2003 
1,598. 
100. 
3,598. 
3,598. 
1,598.51 
7.000 
FURNITURE6FIX- NY 
12/04/2003 
28,027. 
100. 
26,027. 
28,027. 
28,027.m. 
7.000 
FURNITURE6FIX- NY 
08/08/2003 
48,543. 
100. 
46,541. 
48,543. 
48,543.m. 
7.000 
FURNITURE6FIX- NY 
09/26/2003 
1,874. 
100. 
3,04. 
3,874. 
1,874.51 
7.000 
FURNITURE/FIX- NY 
12/06/2003 
7,275. 
100. 
7,275. 
7,275. 
7,275.31 
7.000 
COMPUTER - NY 
04/01/2003 
46,500. 
100. 
46,500. 
46,500. 
46,500.m. 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
01/05/2004 
10,835. 
100. 10,815. 
SL 
5.000 
MAINTENANCE-NY 
02/25/2004 
7,750. 
100. 
7,750. 
SL 
1.000 
MAINTENANCE-FL 
02/25/2004 
2,500. 
100. 
2,500. 
SL 
1.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CAL 
09/29/2004 
8,646. 
100. 
3,915. 
4011. 
4,730. 
4, 730. si. 
HY 
5.000 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Retied 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806486
--- PAGE 81 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3405607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
CALIFORNIA GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Bus. 
% 
179 exp. 
reduc. 
MINIS 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me- 
thod 
Con- 
ven- 
tion 
Life 
PISS 
cies 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
-yr 179 
expense 
Current•year 
depreciation 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-HY 
01/16/2004 
5,649. 
100. 
5,649. 
1,589. 
1,734.SL 
"al 
145. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
02/17/2004 
3,686. 
100. 
7,686. 
2,143. 
2,340.SL 
MI 
197. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
12/31/2004 
25,000. 
100. 
25,000. 
17,499. 
19,164.SL 
HY 
15.000 
1,665. 
FURNITURELFIX-NY 
11/21/2004 
6.001. 
100. 
NONE 
6,001. 
6,001. 
6,001.n. 
3.000 
FURNITURELFIX-NY 
01/30/2004 
165. 
100. 
NONE 
265. 
165. 
165.SL 
3.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
01/01/2004 
2,500. 
100. 
NONE 
2,500. 
2,500. 
2,500.SL 
HY 
1.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-FLA 
02/07/2005 
2,210. 
100. 2,110. 
SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CAL 
01/16/2005 
1,984. 
100. 1,984. 
SL 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CAL 
02/24/2005 
6,000. 
100. 
6,000. 
3,933. 
4,331.SL 
15.000 
400. 
LEASEHOLD IMP- CAL 
01/21/2005 
800. 
100. 
800. 
517. 
570.SL 
15.000 
51. 
FURNITURE 6 FIXT CAL 
01/16/2005 
6,201. 
100. 
6,191. 
SL 
3.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIXT CAL 
04/29/2005 
7,975. 
100. 
7,975. 
SL 
3.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
02/07/2005 
6,714. 
100. 6,724. 
SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
02/05/2005 
2,496. 
100. 
26. 
2,4/0. 
2,470. 
2,470.SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
02/15/2005 
2,086. 
100. 
NONE 
2,086. 
2,086. 
2,086. SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
11/01/2005 
13,164. 
100. 
NONE 
21,264. 
13,164. 
13.164.SL 
5.000 
FURNITURE4FIX-NY 
01/20/2005 
6,215. 
100. 
NONE 
6,215. 
6,215. 
6,215.n 
3.000 
FURNITURE4FIX-NY 
01/11/2005 
111. 
100. 
NONE 
111. 
111. 
111.SL 
3.000 
FURNITURELFIX-NY 
06/17/2005 
8,440. 
100. 
NONE 
8,440. 
8,440. 
8,440.SL 
3.000 
FURNITURELFIX-NY 
07/14/2005 
936. 
100. 
NONE 
936. 
936. 
936.SL 
3.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT- NY 
02/16/2006 
9,755. 
100. 
9,755. 
SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIP. - FLA 
02/09/2006 
5,550. 
100. 5,550. 
SL 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/21/2006 
10,485. 
100. 
10,485. 
6,175. 
6,874 . sc. 
15.000 
690. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
01/01/2006 
21,461. 
100. 
21.461. 
12.640. 
14.072.SL 
15.000 
1,431. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-FLA 
05/15/2006 
2,789. 
100. 
2,789. 
SL 
5.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-FLA 
07/20/2006 
2.999. 
100. 2,999. 
SL 
5.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
01/14/2006 
4,664. 
100. 
3,907. 
757. 
757. 
751.SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
05/15/2007 
39,598. 
100. 25,000. 
14,598. 
14,598. 
14,598.51 
5.000 
OFFICE EQIPMENT-NY 
11/20/2007 
20,628. 
100. 
NONE 
29.626. 
19,628. 
19,628.SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-FL 
05/15/2007 
11,175. 
100. 
NONE 
11.175. 
11,175. 
11.175.SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-FL 
11/20/2007 
5,328. 
100. 
NONE 
5,328. 
5,328. 
5,328.SL 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CA 
05/15/2007 
8,291. 
100. 
NONE 
8,293. 
8,293. 
8,291.0c 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CA 
11/20/2007 
1,084. 
100. 
NONE 
3,084. 
3,084. 
1,084.n 
5.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
02/14/2007 
4,881. 
100. 
NONE 
4,881. 
4,881. 
4,881.SL 
3.000 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
05/15/2007 
6,610._ 
100. 
NONE 
6,610. 
6,620. 
6,610.SL 
1.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
01/18/2008 
8,967. 
100. 
8,9O. 
SL 
HY 
5.000 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Retied 
SA 
5290271400 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806487
--- PAGE 82 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
CALIFORNIA GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed In 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Sus. 
% 
in exp. 
reduc. 
MINIS 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me- 
thod 
Con- 
yen- 
Mon 
Life 
/CRS 
cuss 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
-yr 179 
expense 
Current•year 
depreciation 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
05/01/2008 
26,400. 
100. 16,013. 
36/. 
144. 
344. DDB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
07/02/2008 
21,364. 
100. 
NONE 
21,364. 
10,657. 
10, 657. ODB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-FL 
01/21/2008 
22,126. 
100. 
NONE 
12,116. 
11,362. 
12,362.DDB 
5.000 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CA 
01/21/2008 
14,060. 
100. 
NONE 
24,069. 
13,194. 
13,194.DDB 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/12/2008 
11,736. 
100. 
21,736. 
5,415. 
6, 207 . sc. 
MQ 
762. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/19/2008 
16,000. 
100. 
26,000. 
6,468. 
7,534.51 
MQ 
2,066. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
05/07/2008 
1,542. 
100. 
NONE 
3,542. 
3,130. 
1,254.ope 
1.000 
115. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
12/26/2008 
4,400. 
100. 
NONE 
4,400. 
3,899. 
4.042.DDB 
1.000 
143. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
01/21/2009 
4,400. 
100. 4,400. 
SL 
1.000 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
07/01/2010 
75,753. 
100. 25,000. 
50,751. 
19,124. 
22,286.150os HY 
3,162. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
01/14/2010 
1,214. 
100. 
NONE 
1,214. 
942. 
1.050.200DB HY 
108. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
11/14/2011 
11,227. 
100. 11,227. 
15008 HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
05/31/2011 
4.382. 
100. 4,382. 
200os HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CA 
11/14/2011 
13,425. 
100. 9,391. 
4,034. 
2,733. 
1.196.200os HY 
465. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
05/04/2012 
4,167. 
100. 4,167. 
150os HY 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
11/10/2012 
14,059. 
100. 14,059. 
150DB Hy 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CA 
09/16/2012 
5,285. 
100. 5,285. 
150DB HY 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
02/22/2012 
6,075. 
100. 2,489. 
4,566. 
3,266. 
1.794.200os HY 
528. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
06/22/2012 
1,325. 
100. 
NONE 
3,325. 
2,367. 
2.750.200DB HY 
383. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
06/05/2013 
21,002. 
100. 
NONE 
11,001. 
5,720. 
7.832.200DB HY 
2,122. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
09/19/2013 
131,030. 
100. 
NONE 
111,030. 
19,000. 
30,203.150DB HY 
11,203. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/17/2013 
9,631. 
100. 
NONE 
9,613. 
2,397. 
2.221.150DB HY 
824. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/31/2013 
100,954. 
100. 
NONE 
100,954. 
14,619. 
23,271.150os HY 
8,632. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-FL 
09/26/2013 
13,994. 
100. 
NONE 
21,904. 
2,029. 
1,225.250os HY 
1,196. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CA 
08/31/2013 
21,300. 
100. 
NONE 
21,300. 
3,080. 
4,910.150DB HY 
2,821. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
06/06/2013 
30,920. 
100. 
NONE 
39,929. 
15,465. 
22,469.200os HY 
6,984. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
12/31/2013 
11,688. 
100. 
NONE 
21,600. 
4,532. 
6.576.200os HY 
2,044. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-FL 
01/29/2013 
2,825. 
100. 
NONE 
2,825. 
2,096. 
1.590.200os HY 
494. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
01/26/2014 
22,221. 
100. 
NONE 
22,211. 
4,442. 
1.1,550.200os HY 
7,108. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/27/2014 
22,760. 
100. 
NONE 
22,760. 
2,552. 
6.635.200os HY 
4,083. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
06/04/2014 
156,004. 
100. 
NONE 
156,004. 
7,800. 
22,620.150os HY 
14,820. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
01/10/2014 
23,085. 
100. 
NONE 
21,085. 
3,299. 
6.951.200os HY 
5,654. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
02/14/2014 
41,566. 
100. 
NONE 
41,566. 
5,940. 
16,120.200os HY 
10,180. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
05/07/2014 
27,823. 
100. 
NONE 
27,811. 
2,545. 
6.907.200os HY 
4,362. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-FL 
01/10/2014 
7,196. 
100. 
NONE 
7,196. 
1,028. 
2.790.200os HY 
1,762. 
SOFTNARE 
01/22/2015 
155,603. 
100. 
155,603. 
47,545.sc 
1.000 
47,545. 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
'Assets Refired 
SA 
5190271.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806488
--- PAGE 83 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
2015 Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
CALIFORNIA GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Unadjusted 
cost or basis 
Bus. 
% 
in exp. 
rictus. 
in basis 
Basis 
Reduction 
Basis for 
Depreciation 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Ending 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Me- 
thod 
Con- 
yen- 
lion 
Life 
!CRS 
class 
MA 
CRS 
class 
Current 
-yr 179 
expense 
Current-year 
depreciation 
OFFICE EoulFNENT-NY 
12/31/2015 
35,905. 
100. 
NONE 
35,905. 
1, 101. 200Ds Hy 
NONE 
7,181. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
04/05/2015 
63,396. 
100. 
NONE 
61,306. 
1,270.250DH Hy 
Is 
NONE 
3,170. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-FL 
09/25/2015 
25,179. 
100. 
NONE 
25,179. 
1,259.250DH Hy 
NONE 
1,259. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CA 
06/26/2015 
44,230. 
100. 
NONE 
44,230. 
2,212.150os Hy 
NONE 
2,222. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-FL 
10/12/2015 
1,770. 
100. 
NONE 
3,718. 
540.200DB Hy 
NONE 
540. 
FURNITURE 6 FIX-NY 
07/01/2015 
0,706. 
100. 
NONE 
8,706. 
1,244.200DB Hy 
NONE 
1,244. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-MET 
07/01/2015 
10,000. 
100. 
NONE 
10,000. 
500.250DB Hy 
IS 
Nom, 
500. 
Less: Retired Assets  
340,193. 
340,193. 
326,267. 
326,267. 
TOTALS 
4,123,029. 
296,021. 
3,827,000. 
2,401,644. 
2,579,414. 
NoNEI 
177,770. 
'Assets Retied 
SA 
5X9027 1.000 
R66297 1608 
EFTA00806489
--- PAGE 84 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Amortization 
11-340560T 
Description of Property 
NEXT_MANAGEMENT, LLC 
CALIFORNIA GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
placed in 
service 
Cost or basis 
Beginning 
Accumulated 
amortization 
Ending 
Accumulated 
amortization 
Code 
Current•year 
Lite 
amortization 
OROANIZATION_COSTS 
01/04/1989 
26,951. 
26,950. 
26,950. 
709 
5.000 
r 
START-UP COSTS 
07/16/1992 
26,000. 
26,000. 
26,000. 
195 
5.000 
START-UP COSTS 
07/01/1992 
25,000. 
25,000. 
25,000. 
195 
5.000 
COV. NOT TO COMPETE 
10/31/2010 
3,000,000. 
411413. 
2,013413. 
191 
15.000 
200,000. 
ORGANIZATION COSTS 
06/15/2015 
15,190. 
624. 
709 
15.000 
614. 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
04,1041 
914 253 
111 897 
900.614 
' Assets Retired 
SA 
SX9026 1.000 
866297 1608 
EFTA00806490
--- PAGE 85 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
2015 Alternative Minimum Tax Depreciation 
11-3495607 
Description of Property 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
CALIFORNIA GENERAL TRADE OR BUSINESS 
Asset description 
Date 
Placed in 
Service 
AMT 
basis for 
depreciation 
AMT 
accumulated 
depredation 
AMT 
me- 
thod 
AMT 
conven• 
lion 
AMT 
life 
AMT 
depreciation 
deduction 
Regular 
depreciation 
deduction 
Post•86 
depreciation 
adjustment 
Leased 
pets. prop. 
preference 
Real 
property 
preference 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CAL 
09/29/2004 
4,731. 
4,139. 
HY 
5.000 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
01/16/2004 
5,649. 
1,519. SL 
NM 
39.000 
145. 
145. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
02/17/2004 
7,686. 
2,056. 
SL 
lim 
39.000 
197. 
197. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
12/31/2004 
25,000. 
17,082. 
SL 
HY 
15.000 
1,665. 
1,665. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
01/01/2004 
2,500. 
2,187. 
HY 
3.000 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/12/2008 
11,736. 
3,422. 
SL 
HO 
15.000 
191. 
782. 
391. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/19/2008 
26,000. 
3,870. 
SL 
HO 
15.000 
533. 
1,066. 
533. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-NY 
05/07/2008 
1,542. 
3,542. 
7.000 
115. 
115. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-NY 
12/26/2008 
4,400. 
4,400. 
7.000 
141. 
143. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
07/01/2010 
50,753. 
19,124. 
150DB 
HY 
15.000 
3,162. 
3,162. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-NY 
01/14/2010 
1,214. 
842. 
15000 
Hy 
7.000 
149. 
108. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-CA 
11/14/2011 
4,034. 
2,572. 
15000 
Hy 
5.000 
672. 
465. 
-207. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
02/22/2012 
4,506. 
2,676. 
15000 
Hy 
5.000 
764. 
528. 
-236. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
06/22/2012 
1,325. 
1,941. 
15008 
HY 
5.000 
554. 
381. 
-171. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
08/05/2013 
11,001. 
4,455. 
15008 
Hy 
5.000 
1,964. 
2,112. 
149. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
09/19/2013 
111,030. 
19,000. 
15000 
Hy 
15.000 
11,203. 
11,203. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/17/2013 
9,631. 
1,397. 
15008 
Hy 
15.000 
824. 
824. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/31/2013 
100,954. 
14,639. 
15008 
HY 
15.000 
8,632. 
8,632. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-FL 
09/26/2013 
13,994. 
2,029. 
15008 
HY 
15.000 
1,196. 
1,196. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CA 
08/31/2013 
21,300. 
3,009. 
15008 
Hy 
15.000 
1,821. 
1,821. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-NY 
09/09/2013 
39,929. 
11,914. 
150011 
NY 
7.000 
6,001. 
6,984. 
983. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-NY 
12/31/2013 
11,688. 
3,488. 
150o9 
NY 
7.000 
1,757. 
2,044. 
20. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-FL 
01/29/2013 
2,825. 
843. 
150o9 
NY 
7.000 
425. 
494. 
69. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
01/29/2014 
22,221. 
3,332. 
150o9 
NY 
5.000 
5,664. 
7,108. 
1,444. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/27/2014 
12,760. 
1,914. 
150011 
HY 
5.000 
3,254. 
4,003. 
829. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
06/04/2014 
156,004. 
7,800. 
150o9 
Hy 
15.000 
14,820. 
14,820. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-NY 
01/10/2014 
23,085. 
2,472. 
150o9 
Hy 
7.000 
4,416. 
5,654. 
1,238. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-NY 
02/14/2014 
41,566. 
4,452. 
150DB 
Hy 
7.000 
7,952. 
10,180. 
2,228. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-NY 
05/07/2014 
17,823. 
1,906. 
150o9 
Hy 
7.000 
3,408. 
4,362. 
954. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-FL 
07/10/2014 
7,196. 
771. 
15008 
HY 
7.000 
1,377. 
1,762. 
385. 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT-NY 
12/31/2015 
35,905. 
15008 
HY 
5.000 
5,386. 
1,181. 
1,795. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
08/05/2015 
63,396. 
150DB 
NY 
15.000 
3,170. 
3,170. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-FL 
09/25/2015 
25,179. 
150DB 
NY 
15.000 
2,259. 
1,259. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-CA 
06/26/2015 
44,230. 
150DB 
NY 
15.000 
2,222. 
2,212. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-FL 
10/12/2015 
1,778. 
150DB 
NY 
7.000 
405. 
540. 
135. 
FURNITURE 4 FIX-NY 
07/01/2015 
8,706. 
150DB 
NY 
7.000 
932. 
1,244. 
312. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NET 
07/01/2015 
10,000. 
150DB 
NY 
15.000 
500. 
500. 
Less: Retired Assets  
TOTALS 
959,139. 
152,005. 
96,810. 
108,144. 
11,334. 
SA 
5X9034 ;.000 
R66297 
1608 
• Assets Retired 
EFTA00806491
--- PAGE 86 ---
027 
Reconciliation of State to Federal Page One 
State Name CALIFORNIA 
Description 
Federal 
Return 
State 
Adjustment 
Applicable 
to State 
Income: 
1A GROSS RECEIPTS 
20,059,894. 
20,059,894. 
1B LESS RETURNS AND ALLOWANCES 
1C BALANCE 
20,059,894. 
20,059,894. 
LESS COSTS OF GOODS SOLD 
GROSS PROFIT 
20,059,894. 
20,059,894. 
4-5 ORD INC(LOSS)-OTHER PTNRSHPS 
248,456. 
18,090. 
266,546. 
6-7 NET FARM PROFIT (LOSS) 
8-9 NET GAIN (LOSS) 
10-11 OTHER INCOME (LOSS) 
-234,496. 
-234,496. 
TOTALINCOME 
20,073,854. 
18,090. 
20,091,944. 
Deductions: 
SALARIES AND WAGES 
11,291,732. 
11,291,732. 
GUARANTEED PAYMENTS 
BAD DEBTS 
8,131. 
8,131. 
INTEREST 
DEPRECIATION 
120,998. 
257,386. 
378,384. 
DEPLETION 
RETIREMENT PLANS, ETC 
106,026. 
106,026. 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PROGRAMS 
338,804. 
338,804. 
OTH DED (FED LNS 11+13+14+20) 
5,792,261. 
-353,805. 
5,438,456. 
TOTALDEDUCTIONS 
17,657,952. 
-96,419. 
17,561,533. 
NETORDINARYINCOME(LOSS) 
2,415,902. 
114,509. 
2,530,411. 
SY055i 000 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
R66297 
1608 
13-3495607 
EFTA00806492
--- PAGE 87 ---
027 
Reconciliation of State to Federal Schedule K 
State Name CALIFORNIA 
DemdptIon 
Federal 
Return 
State 
Adjustment 
Applicable 
to State 
** INCOME ** 
ORDINARY INCOME 
2.415,902. 
11', -)ui. 
2,530,411. 
RENTAL REAL ESTATE INCOME 
OTHER RENTAL INCOME 
GUARANTEED PAYMENTS 
INTEREST INCOME 
17.910. 
17.910. 
DIVIDEND INCOME 
ROYALTY INCOME 
NET SHORT-TERM CAP.GN/LS 
NET LONG-TERM CAP. GN/LS 
10A-B NET GN/LS UNDER SEC.1231 
11A 
OTHER PORTFOLIO INCOME 
11B-C OTHER INCOME/LOSS 
** DEDUCTIONS ** 
SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
191,194. 
-191,194. 
NONE 
13A CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
103,335. 
103,335. 
13B INVESTMENT INTEREST EXPENSE 
13C1 IRC SEC 59(E) EXPENSE 
13D PORTFOLIO DEDUCTIONS 
13E OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
** CREDITS ** 
15A W/HOLDING ALLOC TO ALL PTRS 
15B LOW INC HOUSING CR-ELEC PSHP 
15C CREDIT - RENTAL REAL ESTATE 
15D CREDIT - OTHER RENTAL 
15F OTHER CREDITS 
** AMT ITEMS ** 
17A ACCEL. DEPR. POST 12/86 
Z 2. 
11.276. 
17B ADJUSTED GAIN OR LOSS 
17C DEPLETION 
17D GROSS INCOME OIL/GAS 
17E DEDUCTIONS OIL/GAS 
17F OTHER AMT ITEMS 
** OTHER ** 
18A TAX-EXEMPT INTEREST INCOME 
18B OTHER TAX-EXEMPT INCOME 
18C NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
118,554. 
118,554. 
20A INVESTMENT INCOME 
17.910. 
17.910. 
20B INVESTMENT EXPENSE 
5Y05521.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806493
--- PAGE 88 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM 568 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
SCHEDULE B - INCOME AND DEDUCTIONS 
LINE 4 ORDINARY INCOME FROM OTHER PARTNERSHIPS & FIDUCIARIES 
FROM PASS THROUGH ENTITY - TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
266,546. 
TOTAL ORDINARY INCOME FROM 0TH PSHPS & FIDUCIARIES 
266,546. 
LINE 11 - OTHER LOSS 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE LOSS 
234,496. 
TOTAL OTHER LOSS 
234,496. 
LINE 21 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
90,792. 
INSURANCE EXPENSE 
112,776. 
OFFICE SUPPLIES AND EXPENSES 
105,286. 
PRINTING EXPENSE 
43,338. 
SCOUTING EXPENSE 
9,354. 
COMPUTER EXPENSE 
108,201. 
CLEANING SERVICE 
40,953. 
UTILITIES 
34,652. 
POSTAGE 
11,389. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
104,822. 
BANK CHARGES 
57,683. 
PUBLICATIONS & SUBSCRIPTIONS 
12,677. 
TRAVEL 
803,503. 
ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION 
259,861. 
COMMISSIONS EXPENSE 
2,002,456. 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
240,861. 
TELEPHONE EXPENSE 
214,004. 
CONSULTING FEES 
640,280. 
CONTEST EXPENSE 
5,550. 
PAYROLL PROCESSING EXPENSE 
14,299. 
OVERHEAD REIMBURSEMENT 
-1,470,551. 
MISCELLANEOUS MODEL EXPENSES 
55,856. 
PROMOTIONAL MODEL EXPENSES 
100,004. 
LITIGATION SETTLEMENT 
45,632. 
CALIFORNIA LLC FEE 
6,000. 
NYS LLC FEE 
3,000. 
ORGANIZATION COSTS 
5,000. 
REPAIRS 
414,619. 
RENTS 
749,810. 
TAXES 
616,349. 
TOTAL OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
5,438,456. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806494
--- PAGE 89 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM 568 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
TAXES 
NYC UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
NONE 
PAYROLL TAXES 
578,105. 
NY COMMERCIAL RENT TAX 
21,486. 
FL COMMERCIAL RENT TAX 
1,853. 
CA LLC TAX 
NONE 
BEVERLY HILLS TAX 
14,500. 
LA TAX 
405. 
TOTAL TAXES 
616,349. 
STATEMENT 
6/O(063 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806495
--- PAGE 90 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM 568 SCHEDULE K SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
SCHEDULE K - LINE 5 - INTEREST INCOME 
INTEREST INCOME 
17,910. 
TOTAL INTEREST INCOME 
17,910. 
SCHEDULE K - LINE 12 - EXPENSE DEDUCTION FOR RECOVERY PROPERTY 
OTHER (GENERAL BUSINESS) 
NONE 
TOTAL EXPENSE DEDUCTION FOR RECOVERY PROPERTY 
NONE 
SCHEDULE K - LINE 13A - CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS: 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS - 50% LIMITATION: 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
98,175. 
TOTAL CASH CONTRIBUTIONS - 50% LIMITATION 
98,175. 
FROM TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
5,160. 
TOTAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
103,335. 
SCHEDULE K - LINE 17A - DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT ON PROPERTY 
OTHER (GENERAL BUSINESS) 
11,334. 
FROM TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
-58. 
TOTAL DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT ON PROPERTY 
11,276. 
SCHEDULE K - LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
FROM TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
27,762. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES BEFORE TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
27,762. 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES - NONDEDUCTIBLE 
90,792. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
118,554. 
STATEMENT 
6/O(063 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806496
--- PAGE 91 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
FORM 568, SIDE 6 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
13-3495607 
OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
PREPAID EXPENSES 
213,894. 
159,432. 
DEFERRED TAX ASSET- CURRENT 
15,000. 
17,000. 
TOTAL OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
228,894. 
176,432. 
OTHER INVESTMENTS 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
INVESTMENT IN TWO TWELVE 
-214,609. 
83,446. 
TOTAL OTHER INVESTMENTS 
-214,609. 
83,446. 
OTHER ASSETS 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
DEPOSITS 
29,606. 
43,931. 
RESTRICTED CASH 
40,000. 
40,000. 
DUE FROM AFFILIATES 
774,693. 
1,313,624. 
DUE FROM MODELS 
1,464,108. 
1,607,052. 
DEFERRED TAX BENEFIT-LONG TERM 
53,000. 
47,000. 
TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 
2,361,407. 
3,051,607. 
OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
ACCRUED EXPENSES 
1,304,038. 
1,786,832. 
TOTAL OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
1,304,038. 
1,786,832. 
OTHER LIABILITIES 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
ADVANCES FROM AFFILIATES 
21,519. 
8,342. 
DUE TO RELATED PARTY 
1,223,293. 
1,476,782. 
DEFERRED RENT-LONG TERM 
69,223. 
135,009. 
TOTAL OTHER LIABILITIES 
1,314,035. 
1,620,133. 
STATEMENT 
SX.X083 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806497
--- PAGE 92 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM 568, SIDE 6 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
SCHEDULE M-1 - LINE 4B - TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT LIMITATION 
GROSS TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES 
181,584. 
LESS: TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT INCLUDED ON SCHEDULE K 
90,792. 
NET TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES NOT INCLUDED ON SCHEDULE K 
90,792. 
SCHEDULE M-1 - LINE 4 OTHER - EXPENSES ON BOOKS NOT INCLUDED ON SCH K 
DEFERRED TAX EXPENSE 
SHAREHOLDER SALARIES 
RENT ESCALATION ADJUSTMENT 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES FROM OTHER PSHP ACT/PASS THROUGH ENTITIES 
FEDERAL/CALIFORNIA DIFFERENCES 
4,000. 
50,801. 
66,152. 
27,762. 
361,675. 
TOTAL EXPENSES RECORDED ON BOOKS NOT INCLUDED ON SCHEDULE K 
510,390. 
SCHEDULE M-1 - LINE 6B OTHER 
INCOME RECORDED ON BOOKS BUT NOT INCLUDED ON SCHEDULE K 
BOOK TO TAX DIFFERENCE IN INVESTMENT 
82,521. 
TOTAL INCOME RECORDED ON BOOKS BUT NOT INCLUDED ON SCHEDULE K 
82,521. 
SCHEDULE M-1 - LINE 7B OTHER - DEDUCTIONS ON SCH K NOT ON BOOKS 
AMORTIZATION 
184,824. 
DEPRECIATION 
152,866. 
TOTAL DEDUCTIONS ON SCHEDULE K NOT CHARGED AGAINST BOOK INCOME 
337,690. 
SCHEDULE M-2 - LINE 3 - NET INCOME PER BOOKS 
NET INCOME PER BOOKS 
2,319,987. 
TOTAL NET INCOME PER BOOKS 
2,319,987. 
SX.X083 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806498
--- PAGE 93 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM 568, SIDE 6 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
SCHEDULE M-2 - LINE 6A - CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
3,000,000. 
TOTAL CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
3,000,000. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806499
--- PAGE 94 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
CALIFORNIA PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES - LINE 13A - CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
5,160. 
TOTAL CASH CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
5,160. 
TOTAL CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
5,160. 
PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES - LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
27,762. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
27,762. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806500
--- PAGE 95 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE R-2, SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
SCHEDULE R-2, LINE 1 
MODELING AGENCY 
SCHEDULE R-2, LINE 2 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC - PUBLIC RELATIONS 
SCHEDULE R-2, LINE 3 
NOT APPLICABLE. 
SCHEDULE R-2, LINE 4 
NOT APPLICABLE. 
SCHEDULE R-2, LINE 8 
NOT APPLICABLE. 
SCHEDULE R-2, LINE 9 
NOT APPLICABLE. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806501
--- PAGE 96 ---
027 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
CALIFORNIA 
Reconciliation of Partners' Capital Account 
13-3495607 
Palms' 
A. Capital Account 
INKOmMgdYeas 
B. Capital 
Contributed 
aPartneesShamol 
Unes%Ataid7Forni565 
SetieduleM4 
D. Withdrawal
Distribution 
E. Capital Account 
End of Year 
777,664. 
974,394. 
1,260,000. 
492,058. 
573,991. 
719,196. 
930,000. 
363,187. 
499,929. 
626,397. 
810,000. 
316,326. 
TOTALS 
1,851,584. 
2,319,987. 
3,000,000. 
1,171,571. 
SY0550 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806502
--- PAGE 97 ---
TAXABLE YEAR 
Member's Share of Income, 
2015 
Deductions, Credits, etc. 
K-1 (568) 
CALIFORNIA SCHEDULE 
TYB 01-01-2015 
TYE 12-31-2015 
13-3508513 
CLAXON INC C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 
10013 
13-3495607 
200506910067 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK 
NY 
10013 
A What type of entity is this member?• 
(1) K Individual 
(4) E 
C Corporation 
(7) K 
LLP 
(10) K 
Exempt Organization 
(2) K 
S Corporation 
(5) K General Partnership 
(8) K LLC 
(11) K 
Disregarded Entity 
(3) K Estate/Trust 
(6) K 
Limited Partnership 
(9) K IRAIKeoghtSEP 
B Is this member a foreign member? 
 • K Yes 
No 
C Enter members percentage (without regard to special allocations) of: 
Profit sharing  
Loss sharing 
Ownership of capital  
• 
D Members share of liabilities: 
Nonrecourse  
• $ 
(i) Before decrease 
or termination 
42.0000 
42.0000 
(ii) End of year 
42.0000 
42.0000 
42.0000 
42.0000 
Qualified nonrecourse financing  
• $ 
Other  
• $ 
E Reportable transaction or tax shelter registration number(s) 
F (1) Check here if this is a publicly traded partnership as defined in IRC Section 469(k)(2)  
6.137.989
621,152_ 
(2) Check here if this is an investment partnership (R&TC Sections 17955 and 23040.1)  
a Check here if this is: • 
(1) K 
A final Schedule K-1 (568) 
(2) K 
An amended Schedule K-1 (568) 
H Is this member a resident of California)  
 • K 
Yes 
► M No 
o0 
o0 
■ 
Fe r Minn, Maim get km Pre1101 DAMP. 
027 
7901154 
I 
Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 Side 1 
■ 
5O0577 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
EFTA00806503
--- PAGE 98 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Members name 
ARTNFR 
CLMON JNC 
13-3495607 
Members Identifying number 
23-1508513
I 
Analysis of members capital account: Cheetahs box •(1)0 
Tax Basis (2)® GAM' (3)❑ Section 704(b) Book (4)❑Other (explain) 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(e) 
Carla account a larginners cd yew 
Capital Gonad:Ned during yaw 
Manbeses shwa of Ina 1. Yea 4. and 
Withdrawals and distributions 
Capital accounl al cod ol year. 
line? Form 568 Schedule M-2 
combine column Cal ar0Uall COMM (dl 
777,664. • 
• 
974,394. •( 
1,260,000.)• 
492,058. 
Caution: Refer to Members Instructions for Schedule K-1 568) before entering information from this schedule on you California return. 
(a) 
Distributive share items 
(19 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule K-1 
(1065) 
(c) 
California adjustments 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. 0:0 and col. (c) 
where applicable 
(e) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
Income (Loss) 
Ordinary income (loss) Irom trade or 
business activities  
Net income (loss) from rental real 
estate activities 
Nat income (loss) from other rental activities 
Guaranteed payments to members  
Interest income 
Dividends  
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss)  
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
a Total gain under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft) 
b Total loss under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft)  
a Other portfolio income (loss). Attach schedule  
b Total other Income. Attach schedule  
c Total other loss. Attach schedule  
1,014,678. 
48,095.• 1062773. ► 
26457$. 
• 
► 
• 
► 
7,522. 
• 
7522. ► 
1873. 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
I 
Deductions 
I 
Expense deduction for recovery properly 
(IRC Section 179) 
a Charitable contributions  
b Investment interest expense  
c 1 Total expenditures to which an IRC 
Section 59(e) election may apply. 
Type of expenditures
80,301. 
-80.301. 
43,401. 
43401. 
d Deductions related to portfolio income 
Attach schedule  
e Other deductions. Attach schedule  
Side 2 Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 
027 
soosao tom 
R66297 
1608 
7902154 
• 
EFTA00806504
--- PAGE 99 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Member's name 
PARTNER if 
CLAXON INC 
13-3495607 
Member's Identifying number 
11-3508511
(a) 
Distributive share items 
(b) 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule K-I 
00651 
(c) 
California adjustments 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and cd. (c) 
(e) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
Tax Exempt Income 
and Nandeduchble 
'Alternative Minimum Tax (AIM Marna 
Credits 
Expenses 
a 
b 
e 
d 
e 
f 
• 
Total withholding (equals amount on 
Form 592-B II calendar year LLC). . . . 
Low-Income housing credt  
Credits other than line I 5b related to rental 
real estate activities. Attach schedule . . . . 
Credits related to other rental activities. 
Attach schedule 
Nonconsenting navesident members' tax 
paid by LLC 
Other credits - Man required schedules 
or statements 
New em • o ment credit  
• 
90. 
a 
b 
c 
d 
e 
f 
Depreciation adjustment on property 
placed In service alter 1986 STMT. 2 
Adjusted gain or loss  
Depletion (other than oil 8 gas) . . .  
Gross Income from oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties 
Deductions allocable to oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties  
Other alternative minimum tax items. 
Attach schedule 
-410. 
5,146.0 
4736. (7) 
1179. 
a 
b 
e 
Tax-exempt Interest income  
Other tax-exempt income  
Nondeductible expenses STMT .2 
49,793. 
49793. 
96.
Distributions 
a 
b 
Distributions of money (cash and 
marketable securities)  
Distributions of property other than money 
1,260,000. 
® 
1260000. 
Q. 
c
191 
€ 
a 
b 
e 
Investment Income  
Investment expenses  
Other Information. See instructions. .  
7,522. 
7522. 
1873. 
• 
50037e 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
027 
7903154 
Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 Side 3 
El 
100 
EFTA00806505
--- PAGE 100 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Member's mime 
Member's Identifying number 
kARTNER 1 
CLAXON INC 
11-15011511 
Other Member Information 
Table 1 - Member's share of nonbusiness income from intangibles (source of income is dependent on residence or commercial domicile of 
the member): 
Interest 
$ 
Sec. 1231 Gains/Losses 
$ 
Capital Gains/Losses $ 
Dividends $ 
Other 
Royalties 
$  
FOR USE BY MEMBERS ONLY - See Instructions. 
Table 2 - Member's share of distributive Items. 
A. Members share of the LLC's business Income. See Instructions. $ 
B. Members share of nonbusiness income from real and tangible personal property sourced or allocable to California. 
Capital Gains/Losses 
$ 
Sec. 1231 Gains/Losses $ 
Rents/ Royalties $ 
Other 
C. Members distributive share of the LLC's property. payroll. and sales: 
Factors 
Total within and outside California 
Total within California 
Properly: Beginning  
$ 
1.775.200. 
155,397. 
Property: Ending 
$ 
1.777.974. 
173.976. 
Property: Annual rent expense 
314,920. 
42.1 91. 
Payroll  
4,776.335. 
809.557. 
Sales  
8.838.212. 
2.200.281. 
Side 4 Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 
027 
monism) 
R66297 
1608 
7904154 
101 • 
EFTA00806506
--- PAGE 101 ---
027 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
CALIFORNIA PARTNER'S SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES 
PARTNER 1 
CLAXON INC 
ActivityName(sHmdTypeofftwome: 
A NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC, PORTFOLIO 
B NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC, TRADE OR BUSINESS 
C TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC, GENERAL TRADE/BUSINESS 
D 
E 
Activity A 
Activity B 
Activity C 
Activity D 
Activity E 
Activity disposed of during year 
Qualdiedlow-MomehousIng 
PuNdytra&Wprimwth0 
Pass.thmuilhacWO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
YES 
Schedule K - Line References 
Ordinary income  
Rental Real Estate  
Other Rental 
Interest income  
Dividend Income 
Royalty Income  
Short-term Net Capital Gil. 
a 
Other Portfolio Income 
Guaranteed Payments 
ab 
Net 1231 G/L  
Other Income  
a 
Charitable Contributions, .  
Section 179 
d 
Deductions Portfolio Income 
e 
Other Deductions 
b 
Investment Interest Expense 
a 
Investment Income 
b 
Investment Expenses . . .  
a 
Credit Income Tax Withheld 
b 
Low Income House Credit 
c 
Credit Rental Real Estate 
.  
d 
Credit Other Rental  
1 
Other Credits  
17a 
Depr. Adj. Prop. 12,31:86 
b 
Adjusted Gain or Loss 
c 
Depletion  
d 
Gross Inc OiliGasteoth. 
e 
Deducts Alloc. to OrMas 
1 
Other Tax Preference 
c 
Section 59(e) Expense 
a 
Tax - exempt int. Income 
b 
Other tax exempt Income 
18c 
Nonded. expense 
Other Items  
Longterm Net Capital at .  
236,708. 
27,870. 
1,87.3. 
41,234. 
2,167. 
1,873. 
1,185. 
9,493. 
2,903. 
S00520 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
102 
EFTA00806507
--- PAGE 102 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
PARTNER # 
PARTNER NAME CLAXON INC 
ITEM I, COLUMN(C) - RECONCILIATION OF INCOME 
INCOME (LOSS) FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 1 - 11C 
LESS: DEDUCTIONS FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 12 - 13E 
1,070,295. 
43,401. 
TOTAL INCOME PER SCHEDULE K-1 
1,026,894. 
LESS: EXPENSES RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCLUDED ON SCH. K-1: 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
38,133. 
LLC TAX 
336. 
DEFERRED TAX EXPENSE 
1,680. 
SHAREHOLDER SALARIES 
21,336. 
RENT ESCALATION ADJUSTMENT 
27,784. 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
11,660. 
OTHER FEDERAL/CALIFORNIA DIFFERENCES 
151,904. 
ADD: 
INCOME RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCLUDED ON K-1: 
BOOK TO TAX DIFFERENCE IN INVESTMENT 
34,659. 
ADD: 
DEDUCTIONS INCL. ON SCH. K-1, NOT CHARGED AGAINST BOOKS: 
DEPRECIATION 
23,844. 
AMORTIZATION 
77,626. 
DEPRECIATION 
64,204. 
TOTAL INCOME PER ITEM I, COLUMN(C) 
974,394. 
CAPITAL WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
1,260,000. 
TOTAL CAPITAL WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
1,260,000. 
LINE 5 - INTEREST 
FROM PARTNERSHIP 
1,873. 
TOTAL INTEREST 
1,873. 
LINE 13A - CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
MUNI31A00 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
103 
EFTA00806508
--- PAGE 103 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
PARTNER # 
PARTNER NAME CLAXON INC 
LINE 13A - CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS ( 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS: 
SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
41,234. 
2,167. 
TOTAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
43,401. 
LINE 17A - DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT ON PROPERTY AFTER 12/31/86 
OTHER (GENERAL BUSINESS) PROPERTIES 
1,185. 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
TOTAL DEPRECIATION ADJ. AFTER 12/31/86 
1,179. 
LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
2,903. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES BEFORE TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
2,903. 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES - NONDEDUCTIBLE 
9,493. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
12,396. 
MUNI31A00 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
104 
EFTA00806509
--- PAGE 104 ---
TAXABLE YEAR 
Member's Share of Income, 
2015 
Deductions, Credits, etc. 
K-1 (568) 
CALIFORNIA SCHEDULE 
TYB 01-01-2015 
TYE 12-31-2015 
13-3501977 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
13-3495607 
200506910067 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
A What type of entity is this member?• 
(1) K Individual 
(4) K 
C Corporation 
(7) K 
LLP 
(10) K 
Exempt Organization 
(2) 
S Corporation 
(5) K 
General Partnership 
(8) K 
LLC 
(11) K 
Disregarded Entity 
(3) K 
Estate/Trust 
(6) K 
Limited Partnership 
(9) K 
IRAIKeoghtSEP 
B Is this member a foreign member? 
 • K Yes El 
No 
C Enter members percentage (without regard to special allocations) of: 
Profit sharing  
Loss sharing 
Ownership of capital  
• 
D Members share of liabilities: 
Nonrecourse  
• $ 
(i) Before decrease 
or termination 
31.0000 
31.0000 
(ii) End of year 
31.0000 
31.0000 
31.0000 
31.0000 
Qualified nonrecourse financing  
• $ 
Other  
• $ 
E Reportable transaction or tax shelter registration number(s) 
F (1) Check here if this is a publicly traded partnership as defined in IRC Section 469(k)(2)  
4.530.420 
460.389 
(2) Check here if this is an investment partnership (R&TC Sections 17955 and 23040.1)  
G Check here if this is: • (1) K 
A final Schedule K-1 (568) 
(2) K 
An amended Schedule K-1 (568) 
H Is this member a resident of California'? 
 • K Yes 
► M No 
o0 
o0 
■ 
Fe r Minn, Maim get km PIM 1131 DAMP. 
027 
9 0 11 5 4 
I 
Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 Side 1 
■ 
5O0577 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
105 
EFTA00806510
--- PAGE 105 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, 
Members name 
LLC 
13-3495607 
Members identifying number 
ARTNFR # 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP.
23-1501977 
I 
Analysis of members capital account: Cheetahs box •(1)0 
Tax Basis (2)® GAAP (3)❑ Section 704(b) Book (4)❑Other (explain) 
Ca) 
(b) 
(c) 
(e) 
Capital account alb:gime* cd year 
Capital aantritulad during year 
Mamba's shwa of Ina 1. Yea 4. and 
Withdrawals and distributions 
Capital accatml al end ol year. 
line 7 Form 568 ScheduleM-2 
combine Odurnn MI arOUOII COMM MI 
573,991. • 
• 
719,196. •( 
930,000.)• 
363,187. 
Caution: Refer to Members Instructions for Schedule K-1 568) before entering information from this schedule on you California return. 
(a) 
Distributive share items 
(19 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule K-1 
(1065) 
(c) 
California adjustments 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and cat (c) 
where applicable 
(e) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
Income (Loss) 
Ordinary income (loss) from trade or 
business activities  
Net income (loss) from rental real 
estate activities 
Nat income (loss) from other rental activities 
Guaranteed payments to members  
Interest income 
Dividends  
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss)  
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
a Total gain under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft) 
b Total loss under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft)  
a Other portfolio income (loss). Attach schedule, 
b Total other Income. Attach schedule  
c Total other loss. Attach schedule  
748,931. 
35,496. • 
784427. ► 
195284. 
• 
► 
• 
► 
5,552. 
• 
5552. ► 
1382. 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
I 
Deductions 
I 
Expense deduction for recovery property 
(IRC Section 179) 
a Charitable contributions  
b Investment interest expense  
c 1 Total expenditures to which an IRC 
Section 59(e) election may apply. 
Type of expenditures
59,271. 
-59,271. 
32,034. 
-1. 
32033. 
d Deductions related to portfolio income 
Attach schedule  
e Other deductions. Attach schedule  
Side 2 Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 
027 
soma tom 
R66297 
1608 
7902154 
106 • 
EFTA00806511
--- PAGE 106 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Member's name 
ARTNER 8 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
13-3495607 
Member's Identifying number 
11-1,501977
(a) 
Distributive share Items 
(b) 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule K-I 
00651 
(c) 
California adjustments 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and cd. (c) 
(e) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
Tax Exempt Income 
and Nandeduchble 
'Alternative Minimum Tax (AIM Marna 
Credits 
Expenses 
a 
b 
e 
d 
e 
f 
• 
Total withholding (equals amount on 
Form 592-B II calendar year LLC). . . . 
Low-Income housing credt  
Credits other than line I 5b related to rental 
real estate activities. Attach schedule . . . . 
Credits related to other rental activities. 
Attach schedule 
Nonconsenting navesident members' tax 
paid by LLC 
Other credits - Attach required schedules 
or statements 
New em • o ment credit  
• 
90. 
a 
b 
c 
d 
e 
f 
Depreciation adjustment on property 
placed In service alter 1986 STMT. 2 
Adjusted gain or loss  
Depletion (other than oil 8 gas) . . .  
Gross Income from oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties 
Deductions allocable to oil, gas. and 
geothermal properties  
Other alternative minimum tax items. 
Attach schedule 
—302. 
3,797.C) 
3495.0 
870. 
a 
b 
e 
Tax-exempt Interest income  
Other tax-exempt income  
Nondeductible expenses. STMT. 2 
36,751. 
36751. 
9149. 
Distributions 
a 
b 
Distributions of money (cash and 
marketable securities)  
Distributions of property other than money 
930,000. 
ID 
930000. 
® 
c
191 
€ 
o 
-E 
a 
b 
e 
Investment Income  
Investment expenses  
Other Information. See instructions. .  
5,552. 
5552. 
1382. 
• 
500370 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
027 
7903154 
Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 Side 3 
El 
107 
EFTA00806512
--- PAGE 107 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Members name 
Member's Identifying number 
[PARTNER 1 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
11-1501977 
Other Member Information 
Table 1 - Member's share of nonbusiness income from intangibles (source of income Is dependent on residence or commercial domicile of 
the member): 
Interest 
$ P 
Sec. 1231 Gains/Losses 
$ 
Capital GainsiLosses $ 
Dividends $ 
Other 
Royalties 
$  
FOR USE BY MEMBERS ONLY • See Instructions. 
Table 2 - Member's share of distributive items. 
A. Members share of the LLC's business income. See instructions. $ 
B. Members share of nonbusiness Income from real and tangible personal property sourced or allocable to California. 
Capital Gainstosses 
$ 
Sec. 1231 Gainstosses $ 
Rents(Royalties $ 
Other 
C. Members distributive share of the LLC's property, payroll, and sales: 
Factors 
Total within and outside California 
Total within California 
Properly: Beginning  
$ 
1.310.267. 
114,698. 
Properly: Ending 
$ 
1.312.314. 
128.410. 
Properly: Annual rent expense 
$ 
232,441. 
31.141. 
Payroll  
3,525.391. 
597.520. 
Sales  
6.523.442. 
3.624.017. 
• Side 4 Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 
027 
5O0579 1.000 
R66297 1608 
7904154 
108 
• 
EFTA00806513
--- PAGE 108 ---
027 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
CALIFORNIA PARTNER'S SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES 
PARTNER # 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP 
ActivityName(sHmdTyNHOIncome: 
A NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC, PORTFOLIO 
B NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC, TRADE OR BUSINESS 
C TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC, GENERAL TRADE/BUSINESS 
D 
E 
Activity A 
Activity B 
Activity C 
Activity D 
Activity E 
Activity disposed of during year 
Oualifiedlow-ificomettaising 
PuNdytra&Wprimwth0 
Pass - throuoh activity 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
YES 
Schedule K - Line References 
Ordinary income  
Rental Real Estate  
Other Rental 
Interest Income  
Dividend Income 
Royalty Income  
Short-term Net Capital Gil. 
a 
Other Portfolio Income 
Guaranteed Payments 
ab 
Net 1231 G/L  
Other Income  
a 
Charitable Contributions, .  
Section 179 
d 
Deductions Portfolio Income 
e 
Other Deductions 
b 
Investment Interest Expense 
a 
Investment Income 
b 
Investment Expenses . . .  
a 
Credit Income Tax Withheld 
b 
Low Income House Credit 
c 
Credit Rental Real Estate .  
d 
Credit Other Rental  
I 
Other Credits  
a 
Depr. Adj. Prop. 12,31:86 
b 
Adjusted Gain or Loss 
c 
Depletion  
d 
Gross Inc OiliGasteoth. 
e 
Deducts Alloc. to Oil*tas 
I 
Other Tax Preference 
c 
Section 59(e) Expense 
a 
Tax - exempt int. Income 
b 
Other tax exempt Income 
18c 
Nonded. expense 
Other Items  
Lono.term Net Capital at .  
174,713. 
20,571. 
1,382. 
30,434. 
1,599. 
1,382. 
875. 
7,007. 
2,142. 
60062e 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
109 
EFTA00806514
--- PAGE 109 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
PARTNER # 
PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
ITEM I, COLUMN(C) - RECONCILIATION OF INCOME 
INCOME (LOSS) FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 1 - 11C 
789,979. 
LESS: DEDUCTIONS FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 12 - 13E 
32,033. 
TOTAL INCOME PER SCHEDULE K-1 
757,946. 
LESS: EXPENSES RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCLUDED ON SCH. K-1: 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
LLC TAX 
DEFERRED TAX EXPENSE 
SHAREHOLDER SALARIES 
RENT ESCALATION ADJUSTMENT 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
OTHER FEDERAL/CALIFORNIA DIFFERENCES 
28,145. 
248. 
1,240. 
15,749. 
20,507. 
8,606. 
112,120. 
ADD: 
INCOME RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCLUDED ON K-1: 
BOOK TO TAX DIFFERENCE IN INVESTMENT 
25,581. 
ADD: 
DEDUCTIONS INCL. ON SCH. K-1, NOT CHARGED AGAINST BOOKS: 
DEPRECIATION 
17,600. 
AMORTIZATION 
57,296. 
DEPRECIATION 
47,388. 
TOTAL INCOME PER ITEM I, COLUMN(C) 
719,196. 
CAPITAL WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
930,000. 
TOTAL CAPITAL WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
930,000. 
LINE 5 - INTEREST 
FROM PARTNERSHIP 
1,382. 
TOTAL INTEREST 
1,382. 
LINE 13A - CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
MUNI31A00 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
110 
EFTA00806515
--- PAGE 110 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
PARTNER # 
PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
LINE 13A - CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS (CONT'D) 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS: 
SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
30,434. 
1,599. 
TOTAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
32,033. 
LINE 17A - DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT ON PROPERTY AFTER 12/31/86 
OTHER (GENERAL BUSINESS) PROPERTIES 
875. 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
TOTAL DEPRECIATION ADJ. AFTER 12/31/86 
870. 
LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
2,142. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES BEFORE TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
2,142. 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES - NONDEDUCTIBLE 
7,007. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
9,149. 
MUNI31A00 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
111 
EFTA00806516
--- PAGE 111 ---
TAXABLE YEAR 
Member's Share of Income, 
2015 
Deductions, Credits, etc. 
K-1 (568) 
CALIFORNIA SCHEDULE 
TYB 01-01-2015 
TYE 12-31-2015 
13-3682060 
THE WILCOR GROUP, INC. C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
13-3495607 
200506910067 
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK 
NY 10013 
A What type of entity is this member?• 
(1) K Individual 
(4) K 
C Corporation 
(7) K 
LLP 
(10) K 
Exempt Organization 
(2) 
S Corporation 
(5) K 
General Partnership 
(8) K 
LLC 
(11) K 
Disregarded Entity 
(3) K 
Estate/Trust 
(6) K 
Limited Partnership 
(9) K 
IRAIKeoghtSEP 
B Is this member a foreign member? 
 • K Yes El 
No 
C Enter members percentage (without regard to special allocations) of: 
Profit sharing  
Loss sharing 
Ownership of capital  
• 
D Members share of liabilities: 
Nonrecourse  
• $ 
(i) Before decrease 
or termination 
27.0000 
27.0000 
(ii) End of year 
27.0000 
27.0000 
27.0000 
27.0000 
Qualified nonrecourse financing  
• $ 
Other  
• $ 
E Reportable transaction or tax shelter registration number(s) 
F (1) Check here if this is a publicly traded partnership as defined in IRC Section 469(k)(2)  
3,945,850 
400.983 
(2) Check here if this is an investment partnership (R&TC Sections 17955 and 23040.1)  
G Check here if this is: • (1) K 
A final Schedule K-1 (568) 
(2) K 
An amended Schedule K-1 (568) 
H Is this member a resident of California'? 
 • K Yes 
► M No 
o0 
o0 
■ 
Fe r Minn, Maim get km PIM 1131 DAMP. 
027 
9 0 11 5 4 
I 
Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 Side 1 
■ 
5O0577 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
112 
EFTA00806517
--- PAGE 112 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, 
Members name 
LLC 
13-3495607 
Members identifying number 
ARTNFR # 
THE WTLCOR GROUP. INC. 
23-3682060 
I 
Analysis of members capital account: Cheetahs box •(1)0 
Tax Basis pa GAAP (3)❑ Section 704(b) Book (4)❑Other (explain) 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(e) 
Capital account at begin iv cd year 
Capital aanaitulad during year 
Mernbeses shwa of Ina 3. Yea 4. and 
Withdrawals and distributions 
Capital accounl al cod ol year. 
line 7 Form 568 ScheduleM-2 
combine column Cal arOUall tOkann CM 
499,929. • 
• 
626,397. •( 
810,000.)• 
316,326. 
Caution: Refer to Members Instructions for Schedule K-1 568) before entering information from this schedule on you California return. 
(a) 
Distributive share items 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule K-1 
(1065) 
(o) 
California adjustments 
(4) 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and ca (c) 
where applicable 
(e) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
Income (Loss) 
Ordinary income (loss) from trade or 
business activities  
Net income (loss) from rental real 
estate activities 
Nat income (loss) from other rental activities 
Guaranteed payments to members  
Interest income 
Dividends  
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss)  
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
a Total gain under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft) 
b Total loss under IRC Section 1231 
(other than due to casualty or theft)  
a Other portfolio income (loss). Attach schedule - 
b Total other Income. Attach schedule  
c Total other loss. Attach schedule  
652,293. 
30,918.• 
683211. ► 
170086. 
• 
► 
• 
► 
4,836. 
• 
4836. ► 
1204. 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
• 
► 
I 
Deductions 
I 
Expense deduction for recovery property 
(IRC Section 179) 
a Charitable contributions  
b Investment interest expense  
c 1 Total expenditures to which an IRC 
Section 59(e) election may apply. 
Type of expenditures
51,622. 
-51.622. 
27,900. 
1. 
27901. 
d Deductions related to portfolio income 
Attach schedule  
e Other deductions. Attach schedule  
Side 2 Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 
027 
soosso tow 
R66297 
1608 
7902154 
113 • 
EFTA00806518
--- PAGE 113 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Member's name 
PARTNER if 
THE WILCOR GROUP. INC. 
13-3495607 
Member's Identifying number 
11-1882060
(a) 
Distributive share Items 
(b) 
Amounts from 
federal Schedule K-I 
(10651 
(0) 
California adjustments 
Total amounts using 
California law. Combine 
col. (b) and cd. (c) 
(e) 
California 
source amounts 
and credits 
Tax Exempt Income 
and Nandeduchble 
'Alternative Minimum Tax (AIM Marna 
Credits 
Expenses 
a 
b 
e 
d 
e 
f 
• 
Total withholding (equals amount on 
Form 592-B II calendar year LLC). . . . 
Low-Income housing credt  
Credits other than line 15b related to rental 
real estate activities. Attach schedule . . . . 
Credits related to other rental activities. 
Attach schedule 
Nonconsenting navesident members' tax 
paid by LLC 
Other credits - Attach required schedules 
or statements 
New em • o ment credit  
• 
la 
a 
b 
c 
d 
e 
f 
Depreciation adjustment on property 
placed In service alter 1986 SIMI' . 2 
Adjusted gain or loss  
Depletion (other than oil 8 gas) . . .  
Gross Income from oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties 
Deductions allocable to oil, gas, and 
geothermal properties  
Other alternative minimum tax items. 
Attach schedule 
—264. 
3,309.0 
3045.0 
758. 
a 
b 
e 
Tax-exempt Interest income  
Other tax-exempt income  
Nondeductible expenses. STMT. 2 
32,010. 
32010. 
7969. 
Distributions 
a 
b 
Distributions of money (cash and 
marketable securities)  
Diminutions of property other than money 
$10,000. 
® 
$10000. 
® 
c
O 
lil a
€ 
o 
"a' 
a 
b 
e 
Investment Income  
Investment expenses  
Other Information. See instructions. .  
4,836. 
4836. 
1204. 
• 
SOMM 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
027 
7903154 
Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 Side 3 
El 
114 
EFTA00806519
--- PAGE 114 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Member's mime 
Member's Identifying number 
'PARTNER 1 
THE WILCOR GROUP. INC. 
11-1682060 
Other Member Information 
Table 1 - Member's share of nonbusiness income from intangibles (source of income is dependent on residence or commercial domicile of 
the member): 
Interesi 
$ 
Sec. 1231 Gains/Losses 
$ 
Capital Gains/Losses $ 
Dividends $ 
Other 
Royalties 
$  
FOR USE BY MEMBERS ONLY - See instructions. 
Table 2 - Member's share of distributive items. 
A. Members share of the LLC's business income. See instructions. $ 
B. Members share of nonbusiness income from real and tangible personal property sourced or allocable to California. 
Capital Gains/Losses 
$ 
Sec. 1231 Gains/Losses $ 
Rents/Royalties $ 
Other 
C. Members distributive share of the LLC's property. payroll. and sales: 
Factors 
Total within and outside California 
Properly: Beginning  
$ 
1.141.200. 
Property: Ending 
$ 
1.142.983. 
Property: Annual rent expense 
202,449. 
Payroll 
3.070.501. 
Sales  
5.681.707. 
Total within California 
99.898. 
111.842. 
27.123. 
520. 429. 
r 
1.414.467. 
Side 4 Schedule K-1 (568) 2015 
027 
=wet= 
R66297 
1608 
7904154 
115 • 
EFTA00806520
--- PAGE 115 ---
027 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
CALIFORNIA PARTNER'S SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES 
PARTNER # 
THE WILCOR GROUP, INC 
ActivityName(sHmdTyNHOIncome: 
A NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC, PORTFOLIO 
B NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC, TRADE OR BUSINESS 
C TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC, GENERAL TRADE/BUSINESS 
D 
E 
Activity A 
Activity B 
Activity C 
Activity D 
Activity E 
Activity disposed of during year 
Qualifiediow-incomehousing 
PuNdytra&Wprimwth0 
Pass - throuoh activity 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
NO 
YES 
Schedule K - Line References 
Ordinary income  
Rental Real Estate  
Other Rental 
Interest Income  
Dividend Income 
Royalty Income  
Short-term Net Capital Gil. 
a 
Other Portfolio Income 
Guaranteed Payments 
ab 
Net 1231 G/L  
Other Income  
a 
Charitable Contributions, .  
Section 179 
d 
Deductions Portfolio Income 
e 
Other Deductions 
b 
Investment Interest Expense 
a 
Investment Income 
b 
Investment Expenses . . .  
a 
Credit Income Tax Withheld 
b 
Low Income House Credit 
c 
Credit Rental Real Estate .  
d 
Credit Other Rental  
1 
Other Credits  
a 
Depr. Adj. Prop. 12,31:86 
b 
Adjusted Gain or Loss 
c 
Depletion  
d 
Gross Inc OiliGasteoth. 
e 
Deducts Alloc. to Oil*tas 
1 
Other Tax Preference 
c 
Section 59(e) Expense 
a 
Tax - exempt int. Income 
b 
Other tax exempt Income 
18c 
Nonded. expense 
Other Items  
Lono.term Net Capital at .  
152,170. 
17,916. 
1,204. 
26,507. 
1,394. 
1,204. 
762. 
6,103. 
1,866. 
60062e 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
116 
EFTA00806521
--- PAGE 116 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
PARTNER # 
PARTNER NAME THE WILCOR GROUP, INC. 
ITEM I, COLUMN(C) - RECONCILIATION OF INCOME 
INCOME (LOSS) FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 1 - 11C 
688,047. 
LESS: DEDUCTIONS FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 12 - 13E 
27,901. 
TOTAL INCOME PER SCHEDULE K-1 
660,146. 
LESS: EXPENSES RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCLUDED ON SCH. K-1: 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
LLC TAX 
DEFERRED TAX EXPENSE 
SHAREHOLDER SALARIES 
RENT ESCALATION ADJUSTMENT 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
OTHER FEDERAL/CALIFORNIA DIFFERENCES 
24,514. 
216. 
1,080. 
13,716. 
17,861. 
7,496. 
97,651. 
ADD: 
INCOME RECORDED ON BOOKS, NOT INCLUDED ON K-1: 
BOOK TO TAX DIFFERENCE IN INVESTMENT 
22,281. 
ADD: 
DEDUCTIONS INCL. ON SCH. K-1, NOT CHARGED AGAINST BOOKS: 
DEPRECIATION 
15,328. 
AMORTIZATION 
49,902. 
DEPRECIATION 
41,274. 
TOTAL INCOME PER ITEM I, COLUMN(C) 
626,397. 
CAPITAL WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
810,000. 
TOTAL CAPITAL WITHDRAWALS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
810,000. 
LINE 5 - INTEREST 
FROM PARTNERSHIP 
1,204. 
TOTAL INTEREST 
1,204. 
LINE 13A - CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
MUNI31A00 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
117 
EFTA00806522
--- PAGE 117 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
PARTNER # 
PARTNER NAME THE WILCOR GROUP, INC. 
LINE 13A - CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS (CONT'D) 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS: 
SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
26,507. 
1,394. 
TOTAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
27,901. 
LINE 17A - DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT ON PROPERTY AFTER 12/31/86 
OTHER (GENERAL BUSINESS) PROPERTIES 
762. 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
TOTAL DEPRECIATION ADJ. AFTER 12/31/86 
758. 
LINE 18C - NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
1,866. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES BEFORE TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
1,866. 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSES - NONDEDUCTIBLE 
6,103. 
TOTAL NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES 
7,969. 
MUNI31A00 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
118 
EFTA00806523
--- PAGE 118 ---
Berdon LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
360 Madison Ave 
New York, NY 10017 
212-832-0400 
Next Management, LLC 
Instructions for Filing 
Form F•1065 
2015 Florida Partnership Information Return 
for the year ended December 31, 2015 
The original return should be signed (use full name) and dated on page 1 by an authorized member. 
The signed return should be filed on or before October 3, 2016 with the following: 
Florida Department of Revenue 
5050 W. Tennessee Street 
Tallahassee, Florida 32399.0135 
To document the timely filing of your tax return(s), we suggest that you obtain and retain proof of mailing. Proof of 
mailing can be accomplished by sending the tax retum(s) by registered or certified mail (metered by the U.S. 
Postal Service) or through the use of an IRS approved delivery method provided by an IRS designated private 
delivery service. 
EFTA00806524
--- PAGE 119 ---
Florida Partnership Information Return 
THOM 
F-1065 
R. 01/16 
beginning 
For the taxable year 
01/01 
,  2015 
 and ending 
Rule 12C-1.051 
Maki Administrapilve Code 
Elleelive 01.'16 
12/31 
 ,  2015 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Name of Pannerstip 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
Street Address 
NEW YORK 
City 
NY 
10013 
Stale 
ZIP 
13-3495607
Federal Employer Identification Number (FEIN) 
812990
Principal Business Activity Code 
Part I. Florida Adjustment to Partnership Income 
A. Additions to lederal income: 
1. Federal tax-exempt interest 
Total interest excluded from federal ordinary income 
Lass associated expenses not deductible in 
computing federal ordinary income 
( 
) 
Net Interest 
2. State Income taxes deducted in computing federal ordinary income 
176,961. 
3. Other additions 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
107,792. 
Total 
A. 
284,753. 
B. Subtractions from federal income 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
B. 
66.477. 
C. Subtotal (Line A less Line Et) 
C. 
218,276. 
D. Net adjustment from other partnerships or joint ventures 
D. 
E. Partnership income adjustment 
1. Increase (total of Lines C and D) 
Et 
218, 276. 
2. Decrease (total of Lines C and D) 
2.1 
) 
Part IL Distribution of PadmushWIncomeAMushnent 
Partners name and address (Include FEIN) 
Note: if there is no adjustment on Line E, show partnees percentage 
of profits in Column (b) and leave Columns (a) and (c) blank. 
(a) 
Amount shown 
on Line E, Part I. 
above 
(b) 
Partners percentage 
of profits 
(c) 
Column (a) times Column (b) - paints 
share of Line E. 
Enter heat and on Florida Form F-1123. 
Schedule I. Line 19 le decrease. Schedule 
II. UM it 
A. 
8. 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
c 
Under penalties of penury. I declare dull haw exarroned this return. eictoring accompanyng schedules and stmernenls. and to the best al my knowledge and b 
it is true, correct. and complete. Declaration a prepare( Maw than lawayen s based an a Mormaticn ol Mach paperer has any knowledge. 
Sign Here 
Signature of partner or member (Must be an original signature.) 
Date 
Paid 
Preparer 
Only 
Preparers 
SI• nature 
Date 
Check d sett-
employed 
Pr 
s 
iderblioseon Watt. P 
Firm% name (or yours' BERDON LLP 
FEIN ► f 13-0485070 
If self-employed) 
 360 MADISON AVE 
aid address 
NEW YORK 
NY 
ZIP 
Is. 
10017 
901114 2.000 
Mail To: Florida Department of Revenue. 5050 W. Tennessee St.. Tallahassee FL 32399-0135 
R66297 
608 
EFTA00806525
--- PAGE 120 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
I I 
II 
13-3495607 
THOM 
F-1065 
R. 01/16 
Page 2 
NOTE: Please read instructions (Florida Form F-1065N) before completing the schedules below. 
Part M. 
Apportionment Information 
III-A 
For use by partnerships doing business both within 
and without Florida 
(a) Within Florida 
(b) Total Everywhere 
1. Average value of property per Schedule III-C (Line 8) 
1.272,372. 
10,228.449. 
2. Salaries, wages, commissions. and other compensation paid or 
accrued in connection with trade or business for the period covered 
by this return 
988,189. 
11,372,227. 
3. Sales 
2.403,868. 
21,043.361. 
III-B. 
For use by partnerships providing transportation 
services within and without Florida 
(a) Within Florida 
(b) Total Everywhere 
1. Transportation services revenue miles (see instructions) 
III-C. 
For use in computing average value of property 
Within Florida 
Total Everywhere 
a. Beginning a Yew 
b. End of Year 
c. Beginning of Yew 
d. End of Year 
1. Inventories of raw material, work in process, finished goods 
2. Buildings and other depreciable assets (at original cost) 
395,315. 
327,985.2,051,722. 1,747,434. 
3. Land owned (at original cost) 
4. Other tangible assets (at original cost) and intangble assets 
(financial organizations only). Attach schedule 
STMT 2 
117,475. 
146,432.2,174,945.2,485,837. 
5. Total (Lines 1 through 4). 
512,790. 
474,417. 4,226,667. 4,233,271. 
6. Average value of property in Florida (Within Florida). add 
Line 5, Columns (a) and (b) and divide by 2. For average 
value of properly everywhere (Total Everywhere), add Line 5, 
Columns (c) and (d) and divide by 2. 
493,604. 
4,229,969. 
7. Rented property - (8 times net annual rem) 
778,768. 
5.998,480. 
8. Total (Lines 6 and 7). Enter on Part III-A, Line 1. Columns (a) 
and (b) 
1,272,372. 
10,228,449. 
Average Florida 
Average Everywhere 
Part IV. 
Apportionment of Partners' Share 
Partner (Name and Address) 
Percent of 
Interest In 
Partnership 
Property Data 
Payroll Data 
Sales Data 
Within Florida 
Everywhere Within Florida 
Everywhere Within Florida 
Everywhere 
A. 
B. 
SEE STATEMENT 3 
C. 
NOTE: Transfer data to Schedule Ill - A, Florida Form F-1120. 
5O1115 2000 
R66297 
1608 
120 
EFTA00806526
--- PAGE 121 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FLORIDA FORM F-1065 SUPPORTING STATEMENTS 
OTHER ADDITIONS 
BONUS DEPRECIATION 
107,792. 
TOTAL OTHER ADDITIONS 
107,792. 
OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
BONUS DEPRECIATION 
66,477. 
TOTAL OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
66,477. 
FLORIDA F-1065 PART II DISTRIBUTION OF PARTNERSHIP INCOME ADJUSTMENT 
AMOUNT ON 
PERCENT 
LINE E 
OF 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
PART I 
PROFIT 
PARTNERS' 
SHARE OF 
LINE E 
CLAXON INC 
218,276. 
42.000000 
91,676. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
13-3508513 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
218,276. 
31.000000 
67,665. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
13-3501977 
THE WILCOR GROUP, INC. 
218,276. 
27.000000 
58,935. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
13-3682060 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31.000 
R66297 
1608 
121 
EFTA00806527
--- PAGE 122 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
FLORIDA FORM F-1065 SUPPORTING STATEMENTS 
OTHER TANGIBLE AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
WITHIN FLORIDA 
TOTAL EVERYWHERE 
DESCRIPTION 
BEG. OF YEAR 
END OF YEAR 
BEG. OF YEAR 
END OF YEAR 
OTHER TANGIBLE ASSETS 
TOTALS 
117,475. 
146,432. 
117,475. 
146,432. 
2,174,945. 
2,485,837. 
2,174,945. 
2,485,837. 
MUNI31A00 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
122 
EFTA00806528
--- PAGE 123 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
21-3055607 
FLORIDA FORM F-2065 SUPPORTING STATEMENTS 
PART IV APPORTIONMENT '; 
SHARE 
PERCENT OF 
PROPERTY DATA 
PAYROLL DATA 
SALES DATA 
TRANSPORTATION DATA 
PRTR NAME AND ADDRESS 
INTEREST 
FLORIDA 
EVERYWHERE 
FLORIDA 
EVERYWHERE 
FLORIDA 
EVE RYWNERE 
FLORIDA 
EVERYWHERE 
CLAXON INC 
42.000000 
534,196. 
4,295,949. 
415,019. 
4,776,135. 
1,009,625. 
8,838,212. 
C/O NEXT MANAGER= LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10011 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
31.000000 
194,436. 
3,170,819. 
306,319. 
3,525,191. 
745,199. 
6,523,442. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10011 
THE NILCOR GROUP, INC. 
27.000000 
143,540. 
2,761,601. 
266,011. 
3,070,501. 
649,044. 
5,681,707. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10011 
866297 1608 
7:15-6.39 
STATEMENT 3 
123 
EFTA00806529
--- PAGE 124 ---
Florida K-1 Equivalent 
Tax Year 
beginning  _01/01/2015 
 and ending  12/31/2015
Partner's Identification number  
13-3508513 
Partnership's Identification number  
13- 3495607
Partner's name, address, and Zip code 
Partnership's name, address, and Zip code 
CLAXON INC 
NEXT MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Distribution of Partnership Income Adjustment 
Partnership income adjustment  
Partner's percentage of profits  
Partner's share of adjustments  
218,276.
42.000000 
91,676.
Partner's Share of Apportionment Factors 
Within Florida 
Everywhere 
Property Data  
534,396. 
4,295,949. 
Payroll Data  
415,039. 
4,776,335. 
Sales Data 
1,009.625 . 
8.838,212 . 
Transportation  
601113LUM 
R66297 
1608 
124 
EFTA00806530
--- PAGE 125 ---
Florida K-1 Equivalent 
Tax Year 
beginning  01/01/2015 
 and ending  12/31/2015
Partner's Identification number  
13-3501977 
Partnership's Identification number  
13-3495607
Partner's name, address, and Zip code 
Partnership's name, address, and Zip code 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
NEXT MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 
10013 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Distribution of Partnership Income Adjustment 
Partnership income adjustment  
Partner's percentage of profits  
Partner's share ot adjustments  
Partner's Share of Apportionment Factors 
218,276.
31.000000 
67,665.
Within Florida 
Everywhere 
Property Data  
394.436. 
3.170.819. 
Payroll Data  
306.339. 
3.525,391. 
Sales Data 
745,199. 
6,523,442. 
Transportation  
601113LUM 
R66297 
1608 
125 
EFTA00806531
--- PAGE 126 ---
Florida K-1 Equivalent 
Tax Year 
beginning  01/01/2015 
 and ending  12/31/2015
Partner's Identification number  
13-3682060 
Partnership's Identification number  
13-3495607
Partner's name, address, and Zip code 
Partnership's name, address, and Zip code 
THE WILCOR GROUP, INC. 
NEXT MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 
10013 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
Distribution of Partnership Income Adjustment 
Partnership income adjustment  
Partner's percentage of profits  
Partner's share ot adjustments  
Partner's Share of Apportionment Factors 
218,276.
27.000000 
58,935.
Within Florida 
Everywhere 
Property Data  
343,540. 
2.761.681. 
Payroll Data  
266,811 . 
3,070,501. 
Sales Data 
649,044. 
5.681,707. 
Transportation  
601113LUM 
R66297 
1608 
126 
EFTA00806532
--- PAGE 127 ---
Berdon LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
360 Madison Ave 
New York, NY 10017 
212-832-0400 
Next Management, LLC 
Instructions for Filing 
Form TR-579-PT 
2015 New York State E-File Signature Authorization for IT-204 
for the year ended December 31. 2015 
The original form should be signed (use full name) and dated by an authorized partner. 
The signed form should be returned on or before September 15, 2016 via: 
Email (preferred method) 
efilpdailherdonllp com 
Fax 
212.699.8832 
Mail 
Berdon LLP 
Attn: Tax Control 
360 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
We must receive your signed Form TR-579-PT before we can electronically transmit your return. 
DO NOT separately file your tax return with the state. Doing so will delay the processing of your return. The state 
will notify us when your return is accepted. Your return is not considered filed until the state confirms their 
acceptance. which may occur after the due date of your return. 
EFTA00806533
--- PAGE 128 ---
rj rNEW 
YORK 
 STATE 
2015 
- 
Partnership name 
5'0502 I POO 
New York State E-File Signature Authorization for Tax Year 2015 
For Forms IT-204 and IT-204-LL 
Electronic return originator (ERO): do not mail this form to the Tax Department. Keep it for your records. 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Return type (mark an X to indicate which form you are e-filing): 
Purpose 
Form TR-579-PT must be completed to authorize an ERO to e-file 
Form 1T-204, Partnership Return, or Form IT-204-LL, Partnership, 
Limited Liability Company, and Limited Liability Partnership Filing 
Fee Payment Form. For the purposes of this form, aN three forms of 
business entities will be referred to hereinafter as a partnership. 
General Instructions 
Part A must be completed by an authorized member or general 
partner before the ERO transmits the electronically filed Form IT-204 or 
IT-204-LL. 
EROs must complete Part B prior to transmitting an electronically filed 
Form IT-204 or IT-204-LL. 
L_. IT-204 
IT-204-LL 
Both the paid preparer and the ERO are required to sign Part B. 
However, if an individual performs as both the paid preparer and 
the ERO, he or she is only required to sign as the paid preparer. It is 
not necessary to include the ERO signature in this case. Note that 
an alternative signature can be used as described in Publication 58, 
Information for Income Tax Return Preparers. Go to our website at 
www.tax.ny.gov to view this document. 
Do not mail Form TR-579-PT to the Tax Department. EROs must 
keepthis form for three years and present it to the Tax Department 
upon request. 
This form is not required for electronically filed Form IT-370-PF, 
Application for Automatic Extension of Time to File for Partnerships 
and Fiduciaries. 
Financial institution information for Form IT-204-LL filers (must be present if electronic payment is authorized) 
Amount owed on return 
Financial institution routing number 
Financial institution account number 
Part A - Declaration of authorized member or general partner and authorizations for Forms IT-204 or IT-204-LL 
Under penalty of perjury, I declare that I have examined the information on this 2015 New York State electronic partnership return, 
including any accompanying schedules, attachments, and statements, and certify that this electronic return is true, correct, and complete. 
The ERO has my consent to send this 2015 New York State electronic partnership return to New York State through the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS). I understand that by executing this Form TR-579-PT, I am authorizing the ERO to sign and file this return on behalf of the 
partnership and agree that the ERO's submission of the partnership's return to the IRS, together with this authorization, will serve as the 
electronic signature for the return and any authorized payment transaction. If I am paying my New York State partnership fees due by 
electronic funds withdrawal, I authorize the New York State Tax Department and its designated financial agents to initiate an electronic 
funds withdrawal from the financial institution account indicated on this 2015 electronic return, and I authorize the financial institution to 
withdraw the amount from the account. As New York does not support International ACH Transactions (IAT), I attest the source for these 
funds is within the United States. I understand and agree that I may revoke this authorization for payment only by contacting the Tax 
Department no later than five (5) business days prior to the payment date. 
Signature of authorized member or general partner: 
Date' 
Print your name and title'  FAITH KATES 
TITLE: PRES OF MEMBER-MGR 
Part B - Declaration of (ERO) and paid preparer 
Under penalty of perjury, I declare that the information contained in this 2015 New York State electronic partnership return is the 
information furnished to me by the partnership. If the partnership furnished me a completed paper 2015 New York State partnership 
return signed by a paid preparer, I declare that the information contained in the partnership's 2015 New York State electronic partnership 
tax return is identical to that contained in the paper return. If I am the paid preparer, under penally of perjury I declare that I have examined 
this 2015 New York State electronic partnership tax return, and, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the return is true, correct, and 
complete. I have based this declaration on all information avalable to me. 
ERO's signature:  
Date' 
Print name-  BERDON LLP 
Paid preparers signature' 
Date'  
Print name-  MARC YATKOWSKY 
TR-579-PT (12/15) 
R66297 
1608 
127 
1062 
EFTA00806534
--- PAGE 129 ---
Legal name 
Department of Taxation and Financm 
503511 1.000 
Partnership Return 
IT-204 
For calendar year 2015 
See the instructions, Form IT-2044. 
or tax year beginning 
NEXT MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
1st
and 
ending F
Employer identification number (EIM 
133495607 
NYS principal business activity 
Trade name of business if deferent from legal name above 
MODEL AGENCY 
NAICS business code number mamma 
Pub 910) 
Address (number and sneer or rural route) 
WATTS STREET 
State 
NY 
Section 1 - Partnership information 
City. village. or post office 
NEW YORK 
812990 
2IP code 
10013 
Country 
UNITED STATES 
Principal product or service 
MODELING 
Special conditions for filing your I 
I I 
2015 tax return (see mstr) . . . I 
Date business started 
01041989 
A 
Mark an X in the box that applies to your entity 
Regular partnership 0 
Limited liability partnership (LLP) 0 Portfolio investment partnership (see instr.) 0 
Other 
Limited liability company (LLC - including limited liability investment company and a limited liability trust compa 
B 1) Did the partnership have any income, gain, loss. Of deduction derived from NY sources during the tax year, 
 BI Yes I7LJ 
No 0 
2) If No, enter the number of resident partners 
C 
Mark applicable box(es) 0 
Change of address 
Initial return 
Amended return 
D 1) Is this return the result of federal audit changes? 
If Yes:2) Enter date of final federal determination 
3) Do you concede the federal audit changes?  
E 
Did you file a NYS partnership return for: 11 2013? El 
Yes Fn. No 71  
2014? 
If No, state reason: I 
F 
Number of partners 
1) Article 22 
2) Article 9-A  
3) Other 
4) Total  
Does the partnership currently have tax accounts with NYS for the folowing taxes? 
G 
H 
J 
K 
L 
M 
P 
_x. 
1) Sates and use tax 
Yes 
2) Withholding tax 
Yes IXJ 
No LJ 
(flYes. enter ID number) . . 02 
 B2 
K 
Final return (s 
explane 
131 Yes • 
No 
Nou.
. .
 . (1/Yes. enter ID number) 
 D2 
D3 Yes 
E2 Yes 
Fl 
F2 
F3 
F4 
3-
133495607 
1334 ct5607 
Did the partnership have an interest in real property located in NYS during the last three years?  
 H Yes 
Has there been a transfer or acquisition of a controlling interest in this entity during the last three years? 
I Yes 
Did the partnership engage in a like-kind transaction under IRC 1031 during the tax year?  
 J Yes 
Did the partnership sell property during the tax year that had a deterred gain from a previous IRC 1031 or IRC 1033 transaclion,  
 K Yes 
Was there a distribution of property or a transfer of a partnership interest during the tax year?  
 L Yes 
Did the partnership make an election under IRC 754? 
  pA Yes 
Is this partnership under audit by the IRS or has it been audited in a prior year?  
 N Yes 
Is this partnership required to file Form DTF-686 or DTF-686-ATT for this filing period, to report a 
reportable transaction, New York reportable transaction, listed transaction or registered tax shelter?. . 
If Yes, complete and submit Form(s) DTF-686, DTF-686-ATT, and any applicable federal forms. 
Did the partnership make purchases subject to sales and compensating use tax for which NYS tax was not paid? (see Instr ) p Yes 
Did the partnership have a financial account located in a foreign counhy? (see Instructions) 
 p Yes 
No 
No 
No 
No 
No 
No 
No 
Yss 0 
No 5] 
No 
No 
Third party 
designee? (see instr.) 
Yes ric Non 
Print designee's name 
MARC YATKOWSKY 
Designees phone number 
212-832-0400 
Emas: 
• Paid preparer must complete (see Instr.) • 
Date 
Preparers signature 
Preparers NYTPAIN 
Firms name (or yours. d selt-errployed) 
BERDON LLP 
Preparers PUN or SSN 
P00002675 
Address 
360 MADISON AVE 
NEW YORK, NY 10017 
E-mail: 
Employer Identification number 
130485070 
I exrifcifire l 03 
204001151062 
• Sign here • 
Personal identikazion 
number (PIN) 
Signature 01 general partner 
Date 
Email: 
Daytime phone number 
 2129255100 
Mail your return to: STATE PROCESSING CENTER. PO BOX 4149. BINGHAMTON NY 13902-4149. 
R66297 
1608 
128 
EFTA00806535
--- PAGE 130 ---
Page 2 of 8 IT-204 (2015) 
5O3512 1.000 
Section 2 - Federal ordinary business Income (loss) 
Part 1 - Income from federal Form 1065 
Gross receipts or sales  
Returns and allowances  
20059894 
Subtract line 2 from line 1  
20059894 
Cost of goods sold  
Gross profit (subtract line 4 from line 3) 
20059894 
Ordinary income (loss) from other partnerships, estates, and trusts (submit statement) .S.-114T 1 
248456 
Net farm profit (loss) (submit federal Form 1040. Schedule F) 
Net gain (loss) from federal Form 4797, Part II. line 17 (submit federal Form 4797) 
Other income (loss) (submit statement) 
SEE. SIATEMENT. 1.  
-234496 
Total income (toss) (combine lines 5 through 9) 
20073854 
Part 2 - Deductions from federal Form 1065 
Salaries and wages (other than to partners) (less employment credits) 
11291732 
Guaranteed payments to partners  
Repairs and maintenance 
414619 
Bad debts  
8131 
Rent 
749810 
Taxes and licenses  
769540 
Interest  
Depreciation (if required, submit federal Form 4562) 
 I 181 
120998 
Depreciation reported on federal Form 1125-A 
and elsewhere on return 
 I 191 
Subtract line 19 from line 18 
120998 
Depletion (do not deduct dl and gas depletion) 
Retirement plans, etc 
106026 
Employee benefit programs  
338804 
Other deductions (submit statement) 
SEX. 
3858292 
Total deductions (add lines 11 through 17 and lines 20 through 24)  
17657952 
Ordinary business income (loss) (subtract line 25 horn line 10) 
2415902 
S
e
c
t
i
o
-
C
o
s
t
of goods sold (from federal Form 1125-A; see instructions) 
Inventory at beginning of year  
Purchases 
Cost of labor 
Additional IRC section 263A costs (submit statement)  
Other costs (submit statement) 
Total (add lines 27 through 31)  
Inventory at end of year 
Cos of goods sold (subtract line 33 from line 32) 
St 
Methods used for valuing closing inventory (mar* an X in applicable boxes) 
cost 
K Lower of cost or market 
Other (specify method used and explain) 
Was 
No 
there a writedown of subnormal goods/ 
Yes 
37a Was LIFO inventory method adopted this tax year for any goods? (If Yes. submit federal Form 970) 
Yes 
No 
37b If the LIFO inventory method was used for this tax year, enter the amount of closing inventory 
computed under LIFO  
37b 
Do the rules of IRC section 263A (for property produced or acquired for resale) apply to the partnership?. . . . Yes 
No 
Was there any change in determining quantities, cost, or valuations between opening and closing inventory? . Yes 
No 
If Yes, explain  
204002151062 111 
R66297 
1608 
129 
EFTA00806536
--- PAGE 131 ---
5O3513 1.000 
I7-204 (2015) 
Page 3 of 8 
Section 4 - Balance sheets per books (from federal Form 1065, Schedule L) 
Assets 
Cash  
Trade notes and accounts 
receivable  
Less allowances for bad 
debts 
Inventories 
U.S. government obligations 
Tax-exempt securities 
Other current assets (submit 
statement). ,S,TMT 2. 
47a Loans to partners (or 
persons related to partners) 
47b Mortgage and real estate 
loans 
Other investments (submit 
statement). ,S,TtIT 2. 
Buildings and other 
depreciable assets 
Less accumulated 
depreciation  
Depletable assets  
Less accumulated depletion 
Land (net any amortization) 
Intangible assets 
(amortizable only)  
Less accumulated 
amortization  
Other assets (submit 
statement). ,S,-TMT 2 
Total assets 
Beginning of tax year 
(a) 
(b) 
End of tax year 
(c) 
(d) 
4577394 
3532783 
10526765 
9290056 
100000 
10426765 
100000 
9190056 
228894 
176432 
47a 
47b 
-214609 
83446 
4116424 
4123029 
3577355 
539069 
3396487 
726542 
2361407 
3051607 
17918920 
16760866 
Liabilities and capital 
Beginning of tax year 
(a) 
(b) 
End of tax year 
(c) 
(d) 
Accounts payable  
13449263 
12182330 
Mortgages, notes, bonds 
payable in less than 
one year  
Other current liabilities 
(submit statement)Sibir 
1304038 
1786832 
All nonrecourse loans 
62a Loans from partners (or 
persons related to partners) 
62a 
62b Mortgages. notes. bonds 
payable in one year or more 
62b 
Other liabilities (submit 
statement). ,S,TMT 
1314035 
1620133 
Partners' capital accounts . . 
1851584 
1171571 
Total liabilities and capital. . 
17918920 
16760866 
204003151062 
R66297 
1608 
130 
EFTA00806537
--- PAGE 132 ---
Page 4 of 8 I7-204 (2015) 
5O3520 1.000 
Section 5 — Reconciliation of income (loss) per books with income (loss) per return (From federal 
Form 1065. Schedule M-1: see instructions. If Schedule M-3 was filed. mark an X in the boxl_xi 
file Schedule M-3 and any related documents with Form IT-204: skip Section 5 and 
continue with Section 6.) 
Net income (loss) per books  
Income included on return not recorded on books this year, from Schedule M-1, line 2  
Identify: 
Guaranteed payments (other than health insurance)  
Expenses recorded on books this year not included on return, from Schedule M-1, line 4 . . .  
Identify: 
Add lines 66 through 69  
Income recorded on books this year not included on return, 
from Schedule M-1, line 6  
711 
Identify: 
Deductions included on return not charged against book 
income this year, from Schedule M-1, line 7 
WSW 
Add lines 71 and 72  
Income (loss) (subtract line 73 from tine 70)  
Section 6 - Analysis of partners' capital accounts (from federal Form 1065, Schedule M-2) 
Balance 
Capital 
Capital 
Net 
Other 
at beginning of year  
contributed - cash 
contributed - property  
income (loss) per books  
increases 
Identify: 
Add lines 75 through 79  
801 
Distributions - cash  
3000000 
Distributions • property 
Other decreases 
Identity: 
Add lines 81. 82, and 83 
Balance at end of year (subtract line 84 from line 80) 
11111IIIIriiiiii2111111111 
1851584 
2319987 
41715711 
3000000 
1171571 
R66297 
1608 
131 
EFTA00806538
--- PAGE 133 ---
5O352] 1.000 
77-204 (2015) Page 5 of 8 
Section 7 - Partners' share of income, deductions, etc. (from federal Form 1065, Schedule K) 
Partners' distributive share items 
Ordinary business income (loss)  
2415902 
Net rental real estate income (loss) (submit federal Form 8825) 
88a Other gross rental income (loss)  
88a 
88b Expenses from other rental activities 
88b 
Other net rental income (loss) (subtract line 88b from line 88a)  
Guaranteed payments  
Interest income  
17910 
Ordinary dividends  
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) (submit federal Schedule pi  
Net long-term capital gain (loss) (submit federal Schedule 0) 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) (submit federal Form 4797) 
Other income (loss) (see instructions)  
Identify: 
Section 179 deduction (submit federal Form 4562) 
191194 
Other deductions (see instructions) 
03335 
Identify: SEE STATEMENT 3 
100 This line intentionally left blank 
100 
101 Net earnings (loss) from self-employment  
101 
102 Tax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses (seeinstructions)  
102 
-118554 
103 Distributions - cash and marketable securities 
103 
3000000 
104 Distributions - other property 
104 
105 Other Items not Included above that are required to be reported separately to gannets (see Instr.)  
105 
1791 0 
Identify: SEE STATEMENT 3 
Analysis of net income (loss) 
106 Enter amount from federal Form 1065, Analysis of Net Income (Loss), line 1  
106 
2139283 
Analysis by type of partner 
A 
Corporate 
B 
Individual 
(active) 
C 
Individual 
(passive) 
D 
Partnership 
E 
Exempt 
organization 
F 
Nominee/other 
General partners 
Limited partners 
2139283 
204005151062 
VIII I IIII I II II III II VIII I III III II 
R66297 
1608 
132 
EFTA00806539
--- PAGE 134 ---
Page 6 of 8 1T-204 (2015) 
6O1522 1.000 
Section 8 - New York modifications (see instructions) 
107 This line intentionally left blank 
108 Total addition modifications (from Forrn17-225. Nne 9) 
109 This line intentionally left blank 
110 Total subtraction modifications (from Form 1T-225. line 18) 
111 Additions to federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
111a 
111b 
111e 
111d 
111e 
lilt 
112 Total additions to federal itemized deductions (add lines 111a through MO 
113 Subtractions from federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
113a 
113b 
113e 
113d 
113e 
113t 
114 Total subtractions from federal itemized deductions (add lines 113a through 1131) 
115 This line intentionally left blank 
204006151062 
VIII I III I III I III II VIII I III III II 
312745
110 
66457
112 
114 
115 
R66297 
1608 
133 
EFTA00806540
--- PAGE 135 ---
5O3523 1.000 
IT-204 (2015) Page 7 of 8 
Section 9 - Other information 
116a New York source gross income (see instructions)  
116a 
34186.17
116b MCTD allocation percentage (see instructions) 
1166 
70.7200 961 
116c Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing 
1160 
116d Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property  
116d 
11Th 
117b 
Did the partnership sell assets subject to IRC 1060? 
If the partnership filed a group return on behalf of any nonresident partners, enter the special 
Yes K 
No El 
NYS identification number 
1176 
117c Is this partnership a partner in another partnership or LLC? (if Yes. list the names and ElNs below: 
submit additional sheets necessary.)  
 Yes 
No K 
Name of entity 
EIN 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC 
201354409 
Section 10 - New York allocation schedule 
Part 1 - List all places, both in and out of NYS, where the partnership carries on business (submit additional sheets )(necessary) 
Street address 
City and state 
Description (see instructions) 
WATTS STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 
OFFICE 
1688 MERIDIAN AVE 
MIAMI BEACH, FL 
OFFICE 
8447 WILSHIRE BLVD 
BEVERLY HILLS, CA 
OFFICE 
118 Do books and records reflect income earned in New York? (II Yes, do not complete Pan 2.)  
 Yes K No [1) 
Part 2 - Formula basis allocation of income if books and records do not reflect income earned in New York 
Items used as factors 
A Totals - in and out of NYS 
B - New York State amounts 
Property percentage (see Mat) 
119 Real property owned  
120 Real property rented from others 
121 Tangible personal property owned 
122 Property percentage (add ;nes 10
120. and 121: see Instr.) 
123 Payroll percentage (see instr.) 
124 Gross income percentage 
(see instr.)  
125 Total of percentages (total column C, lines 122,123, and 124)  
126 Business allocation percentage (divide line 125 by three or by actual number of percentages it less than three) 
Dollars 
119 
120 
121 
6467368 
122 
123 
194521
6661889 
11379227
Dollars 
C - Percent col. B 
is of col. A 
119 
120 
121 
4768832 
168776 
122
123 
4937608 
8456522
122 
123 
74.1172 % 
3612 % 
124 
21041361
124 
13400728
124 
125 
126 
63.6815 % 
212.1599 % 
7200 % 
Section 11 - Partners' credit information (see instructions) 
Has the partnership (or an entity of which the partnership is an owner) been convicted of Bribery 
Involving Public Servants and Related Offenses, Corrupting the Government, or Defrauding the 
Government (NYS Penal Law Article 200 or 496, or section 195.20)? 
 Yes K 
No II 
204007151062 
VIII I III I VIII I I II VIII I III III II 
R66297 
1608 
134 
EFTA00806541
--- PAGE 136 ---
Page 8 of 8 1T-204 (2015) 
601520 1.000 
Section 11 (continued) 
Part 1 - Flow-through credit bases and information 
Brownfield redevelopment tax credit (Form IT-611. 1T-611.1, arufrot fr611.2) 
127 Site preparation credit component 
128 Tangible property credit component  
129 On-site groundwater remediation credit component  
EZ capital tax credit (Form IT-602) 
130 This line intentionally left blank 
131 Recapture of credit for investments in certified EZ businesses  
132 Recapture of credit for contributions of money to EZ community development projects . . 
QEZE tax reduction credit (Form ff-604) 
133 QEZE employment increase factor  
134 QEZE zone allocation factor 
135 QEZE benefit period factor  
Excelsior jobs program tax credit (Rem 17-607) 
136 Excelsior jobs tax credit component  
137 Excelsior investment tax credit component  
138 Excelsior research and development tax credit component 
139 Excelsior real property tax credit component  
Farmers' school tax credit (Font 17-21'7) 
140 Acres of qualified agricultural property 
141 Acres of qualified conservation property 
142 Eligible school district property taxes paid 
143 Acres of qualified agricultural property converted to nonqualified use  
Other flow-through credit bases and information 
Credit bases 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
144a 
144b 
144c 
Credit information 
Code 
Information 
144d 
144e 
144f 
1441 
144k 
1441 
127 
128 
129 
130 
131 
132 
133 
134 
135 
136 
137 
138 
139 
140 
141 
142 
143 
Code 
Information 
Part 2 - flow-through credits, addbacks and recaptures 
145 Long-term care insurance credit (Form IT-249) 
146a investment credit (including employment incentive 
146b Research and development - investment credit 
147 Other flow-through credits 
Code 
Amount 
cred'
(Form 
and historic bam reimbeepon mat Form IT-212) . 
IT-212)  
Code 
Amount 
145 
146a 
146b 
147a 
147e 
147b 
147f 
147c 
147g 
147d 
147h 
148 Addbacks of credits and recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
148a 
148d 
148b 
148e 
148c 
148f 
204008151062 
11111 
I1111 
III III III VIII III III II 
Part 3 - START-UP NY tax elimination credit information (Form IT-638) 
149 START-UP NY business certificate number (Form DTF-74). 
150 Year of START-UP NY business tax benefit period  
151 START-UP NY area allocation factor 
149 
150 
151 
R66297 
1608 
135 
EFTA00806542
--- PAGE 137 ---
F i
CINEW 
YORK 
 STATE 
2015 
- 
Department of Taxation and Finance 
5O3507 2 
IT-204.1 
New York Corporate Partners' Schedule K 
Tax Law - Article 9-A 
Partnership's name (as shown on FormIT204) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT. 1 LC 
Partnership's EIN 
133495607
Entire net income (ENI) information when the corporate partner's New York tax filing status Is a C corporation 
ENI addition modifications 
I 
Total additions  
107792 
A- Number 
B- Amount 
A- Number 
8- Amount 
Is 
EA- 507 
10779.2_ 
ld a-
lb a-
Is a-
lc 
EA-
If 
a -
ENI subtraction 
modifications 
Total subtractions 
18912 
A- Number 
9- Amount 
A- Number 
B- Amount 
2a 
ES- 507 
18912 
2d 
ES-
2b 
ES-
2e 
ES-
2c 
ES-
2f 
ES-
Assets and liabilities (see instructions) 
Total assets 
Real property and marketable securities included on line 3  
Real property and marketable securities at fair market value (FMV) 
Average value of adjusted total assets  
Total liabilities  
Liabilities directly attributable to business capital  
Liabilities directly attributable to investment capital  
Average value 
18409058 
439859 
439859 
18409058 
16419604 
Items related to Investment capkal under Article 9-A 
Part 1 - Investment capital that generates income claimed not apportionable to New York under the U.S. Constitution 
Descrption of asset (identity each asset. and enter number of shares el applicable) and date acquired here: for each asset complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A- Description of asset 
B- Number of shares 
acquired, II applicable 
C- Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold, if applicable 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Nat average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and 0 
lip 
116001151062 
III DII III 1 II 11111011111 
I III III II 
R66297 
1608 
136 
EFTA00806543
--- PAGE 138 ---
Page 2 of 7 IT-204.1 (2015) 
603608 2.000 
Part 2 - Investment capital - stocks actually held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete coktmns D 
through G on the corresponding Hoes below) 
Item 
A - Name/CUSINCINS/lot number 
B • Number ol shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
Part 3 - Investment capital - stocks presumed held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: to each investment complete columns F 
and G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A - Name/CUSIP/CINS4ot number 
B - Number ol shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
112 
Part 4 - Total investment capital 
Total average FMV and liabilities directly 
attributable (add fines f O. 11. and 12 an 
colunm Fend G)  
116002151062 
III III III I III III I II VIII I III ill II 
R66297 
1608 
137 
EFTA00806544
--- PAGE 139 ---
5O3514 3.000 
IT-204.1 (2015) Page 3 of 7 
Part 5 - Prior year Investment capital - stocks that did not meet holding period requirement (see Instructions) 
Description of investment (Identify each Investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete coktmns D 
through G on the corresponding Noes below) 
Item 
A -Name/CUSINCINSilot number 
B- Number of shares 
acquired 
C- Date aoquIred 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average FMV 
as previously reported 
G 
Liabilit es directly attributable 
as previously reported 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G  
114 
Part 6 - Prior year gross investment income for stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Prior year presumed gross investment income from stocks presumed in the prior year to be held 
more than one year that failed to meet the presumption 
Items related to Investment and other exempt Income under Article 9-A 
Gross exempt cross-article dividends 
Gross exempt controlled foreign corporation (CFC) income 
Gross exempt unitary corporation dividends 
Gross investment income from investments generating income not apportionable to New 
York State under the U.S. Constitution 
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks actually held more than one year  
Net capital gains in excess of losses from investment capital from stocks actually held 
more than one year 
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks presumed heir' more than one year 
18_ 
Items related to interest deductions directly attributable to Investment and other exempt income under Article 9-A 
Total interest expense per federal Form 1065, line 15  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 16  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 17  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 18  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 19  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 20  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 21  
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 22  
Interest deductions directly attributable to business capital  
III 
111 
R66297 
1608 
138 
EFTA00806545
--- PAGE 140 ---
Page 4 of 7 IT-204.1 (2015) 
5O351S 3.000 
Items related to subtraction modifications for qualified banks 
Qualified residential loan portfoio assets 
Gross interest income from qualifying loans  
33a Gross interest income from al loans  
33a 
33b Gross interest expense from al loans 
33b 
Items related to manufacturing 
Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing  
34a Receipts received from the generation and distribution of electricity, the distribution of natural 
gas, and the production of steam associated with the generation of electricity 
34a 
Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property  
Number of employees employed in manufacturing in New York 
Apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) information 
Apportionment - Part 1 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, 
maintain an office, or derive receipts from activity, in New York State? (mark an X In rho apprcprlate box) 
Yes a 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, 
maintain an office, or derive receipts from activity, in the MCTD? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
 Yes
No K 
No K 
Average value of property 
(see instructions for Apportionment - Part 1, lines 3 through 7) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
Real estate owned 
Real estate rented  
Inventories owned 
Tangible personal property owned  
Tangible personal property rented 
4763784 
4768832 
168776 
168776 
Apportionment - Part 2 
Receipts from: (see instructions for Apportionment 
Part 2, lines 1 through 52a) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.2 
Sales of tangible personal property  
Sales of electricity  
Net gains from sales of real property  
Section 210-A.3 
Rentals of real and tangible personal property , , , , 
Royalties from patents, copyrights, trademarks, and 
similar intangible personal property 
Sales of rights for certain closed-circuit and cable 
TV transmissions of an event  
Section 210-A.4 
Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 
7a Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 
This line intentionally left blank  
7a 
Section 210-44(a)(2)(4) 
Interest from loans secured by real property  
Net gains from sales of loans secured by real properly . . 
Interest from loans not secured by real property , 
Net gains from sales of loans not secured by 
real property 
116004151062 
R66297 
1608 
139 
EFTA00806546
--- PAGE 141 ---
I7-204.1 (2015) Page 5 of 7 
103618 2.000 
Receipts from: (continued) 
A 
B
MOTO 
New York State 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(B) U 
Interest from federal debt  
Net gains from federal debt  
Interest from NYS and its political subdivisions debt 15 
Net gains from NYS and its political subdivisions debt 16 
Interest from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Net gains from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(C) K 
Interest from asset-backed securities and other 
government agency debt  
Net gains from government agency debt or 
asset-backed securities sold through an exchange 20 
Net gains from all other asset-backed securities . . 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(D) K 
Interest from corporate bonds 
Net gains from corporate bonds sold through 
broker/dealer or licensed exchange  
Net gains from other corporate bonds 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(E) 
Net interest from reverse repurchase and securities 
borrowing agreements  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(F) 
Net interest from federal funds  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(I) K 
Net income from sales of physical commodities . . 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(J) K 
Marked to market net ains  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(H) u 
Interest from other financial instruments  
Net gains from other financial instruments  
30a Net gains from other financial instruments 
(broker/deafer/exchange) 
30a 
30b Other income from other financial investments. .  
30b
30c Other income from other financial investments 
(broker/deater/exchange) 
30c 
Section 210-A.5(b) 
Brokerage commissions  
Margin interest earned on behalf of brokerage accounts 32 
Fees for advisory services for underwriting 
or management of underwriting  
Receipts from primary spread of selling concessions 34 
Receipts from account maintenance fees 
Fees for management or advisory services  
Interest from an affiliated corporation 
Section 210-A.5(c) 
Interest, fees, and penalties from credit cards. . .  
Service charges and fees from credit cards 
Receipts from merchant discounts  
Receipts from credit card authorizations and 
settlement processing 
Other credit card processing receipts 
116005151062 
III III III I II III II VIII I III III II 
R66297 
1608 
140 
EFTA00806547
--- PAGE 142 ---
Page 6 of 7 IT-204.1 (2015) 
5O3517 3.000 
Receipts from: (continued) 
A 
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(d) 
Remain from certain services to Investment companies 
Section 210-A.6 
Receipts from railroad and trucking business . . . . 
Section 210-A.6-a 
Receipts from the operation of vessels  
Section 210-A.7 
Receipts from air freight forwarding  
Receipts from other aviation services  
Section 210-A.8 
Advertising in newspapers or periodicals  
Advertising on television or radio  
Advertising via other means  
St 
Section 210-A.9 
Transportation or transmission of gas through pipes 
Section 210-A.10 
Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
13400728 
13400728 
21043360 
52a 
Payroll 
A
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Wages andother compensationof employeesexcept general executive officers 53 
8456522 
8456522 
Average number of individuals employed full-time in New York State (excluding employees with 
partnershinelde authority) 
Gross proceeds or receipts from certain sales 
(for apportionment purposes) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Sales of loans secured by real property  
Sales of loans not secured by real property  
Sales of other asset-backed securities  
Sales of corporate bonds 
Sales of physical commodities  
_55. 
Marked to market net gain or loss from deemed sales (for apportionment purposes) 
Of loans secured by real property  
Of loans not secured by real property 
Of federal debt instruments  
Of New York State and its political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of other states and their political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of government agency debt or asset-backed securities (through exchange) 
Of all other asset-backed securities  
Of corporate bonds through licensed exchange or broker/dealer  
Of other corporate bonds  
Of physical commodities 
Of other financial instruments 
III 
III 111 
R66297 
1608 
141 
EFTA00806548
--- PAGE 143 ---
I7-204.1 (2015) Page 7 of 7 
503511 2.000 
Items related to repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending agreements 
Value of reverse repurchase agreements when partnership is purchaser/lender 
Value of borrowing agreements when partnership is securities borrower  
Value of repurchase agreements when partnership is seller/borrower  
Value of lending agreements when partnership is securities lender 
Interest income from reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements 
Interest expense from repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements  
116007151062 
III III III I VIII I I II VIII I III III II 
R66297 
1608 
142 
EFTA00806549
--- PAGE 144 ---
Department of Taxalion and Finance 
5Y3510 3.000 
YORK 
015 
New York State Modifications 
Attachment to Form IT-201, IT-203, IT-204, or IT-205 
IT-225 
Name(s) as shown on return 
Identifying number as gown on return 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
133495607 
Complete all parts that apply to you; see Instructions (Form IT-225-I). Submit this form with Form IT-201, IT-203,11'204, or IT-205. 
Mark an X in the box identifying the return you are filing: 
IT-201 K 
IT-203 K 
IT-204 jd 
IT-205O 
Schedule A — New York State additions (enter whole dollars only) 
Part 1 — Individuals, partnerships, and estates or trusts 
New York State additions 
la 
lb 
1c 
Id 
le 
If 
to
Number 
A- 201 
A- 
209 
A- 
214 
A-
A-
A-
A-
A - Total amount 
153191 00 
107792 00 
27192 00 
B - NYS alocated amount 
108337 00 
76231 00 
19230 00 
Total (add column A roes la through rot  
Total of Schedule A Pan 1, column A amounts from additional Form(s) IT-225, if any  
Add lines 2 and 3 
288175 00 
288175
Part 2 — Partners, shareholders, and beneficiaries 
LU
Form IT-201 filers: do not enter EA-103 or EA-113 
Form IT-203 filers: do not enter EA-113 
Form IT-205 filers: do not enter EA-113 or EA-201 
New York State additions 
5a 
5b 
5c 
5d 
5e 
5f 
Number 
EA- 201 
a-
a-
a-
a-
a-
EA-
A - Total amount 
24570 00 
0_0 
B - NYS alocated amount 
10800 00 
Total (add column A, 'nes 5a through 5g)  
Total of Schedule A Pan 2, column A amounts from additional Form(s) IT-225. if any . . .  
Add lines 6 and 7 
Total additions (add lines 4 and 8: see instructions) 
225001151062 
24570 00 
24570
312745
(continued) 
R66297 
1608 
143 
EFTA00806550
--- PAGE 145 ---
IT-M (2015) (back) 
SY3511 3.000 
Schedule B - New York State subtractions (enter whole dollars only) 
Part 1 - Individuals, partnerships, and estates or trusts 
New York State subtractions 
10a 
10b 
10c 
10d 
10e 
10f 
Number 
S- 213 
5-
5-
S 
S 
S-
S-
A • Tots amount 
59977 00 
0Q 
- NYS allocated amount 
42416 00 
Total (add column A. lines 10a through 10g) 
Total of Schedule B, Part 1, column A amounts from additional Form(s) FT-225, if any  
Add lines 11 and 12  
59977 
59977
Part 2 - Partners, shareholders, and beneficiaries 
Form IT-201 filers: do not enter ES-103, ES-104, ES-106, ES-107, or ES-125 
Form IT-203 filers: do not enter ES-106, ES-107, or ES-125 
Form IT-205 filers: do not enter ES-125 
New York State subtractions 
14a 
14b 
14c 
14d 
14e 
14f 
a 
Number 
ES- 213 
ES - 
ES - 
ES-
ES-
ES-
ES - 
A - Total amount 
6480 00 
• NYS allocated amount 
4583 00 
Total (add column A. lines 14a through 14g)  
Total of Schedule B, Part 2, column A amounts from additional Form(s) FT-225, if any  
Add lines 15 and 16  
Total subtractions (add lines 13 and 17: see instructions) 
225002151062 
6480 00 
6480
66457
R66297 
1608 
144 
EFTA00806551
--- PAGE 146 ---
NEW 
Department 
•.O 
IT-398 
of Taxation and Finance 
Y,BG 2 CO) 
YORK 
New York State Depreciation Schedule for 
ST 
2015 
ATE
IRC Section 168(k) Property 
Use this to= only for tax years beginning alter December 31, 2002, and only for property placed in service inside or outside New York State alter 
May 31, 2003. 
NameN) as shown on return 
NEXT MANAGEMENT. LLC 
Identifying number as shown an return 
1334 Q5607 
Mark an Xin one box to show the income tax return you are filing and submit this form with that return. 
IT-201, Resident 0 
IT-203, Nonresident and part-year resident u 
IT-204. Partnership ki 
IT-205, Fiduciary 0 
Part 1 - Depreciation information for Internal Revenue Code (IRC) section 168(k) property (except for resurgence zone property and 
New York liberty zone property described in IRC section 14001(b)(2)) placed in service inside or outside New York State, 
beginning after May 31, 2003 (see instructions) 
A 
Description of property 
(use addidonal sheet it needed) 
B 
Date placed 
in service 
C 
Depreciable 
basis 
D 
Convention 
E 
Method 
F 
New York 
depreciation deduction 
G 
Federal depreciation 
deduction 
SEE ATTACHED DEPR SCH 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
Enter column F and column G totals 
59977.00 
107792 .00 
Transfer the column F total to: 
Transfer the column G total to: 
Form IT-225. line 10, Total amount column and enter 
subtraction modification S-213 In the Number column. 
Form IT-225, Nne 1, Total amount column and enter 
addition modification ,4409 in the Number column. 
Part 2 - Year-of-disposition adjustment for IRC section 168(k) property (except for resurgence zone property and New York liberty 
zone property described in IRC section 1400L(b)(2)) placed in service inside or outside New York State. beginning after 
May 31, 2003 (see instructions) 
Mark an X in the box if you claimed an investment credit on Form 11-212, Investment Credit, for any property listed 
K 
below (see instructions) 
A 
Description of property 
(use additional sheet it needed) 
B 
Date of 
disposition 
C 
Method of 
disposition 
D 
Total New York 
depreciation deduction 
E 
Total federal 
depreciation deduction 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
Enter column D and column E totals 
.00 
.00 
Enter amount from line 2, column E  
.00 
Enter amount from line 2, column D 
.00 
S Subtract line 4 from line 3  
.00 
Transfer the line 5 amount to Form IT-225. line 10, Total amount column and enter 
subtraction modification S-214 in the Number column. 
398001151002 
R66297 
1608 
145 
EFTA00806552
--- PAGE 147 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
IT-204, PAGE 2 SUPPORTING SCHEDULE 
LINE 6 - ORDINARY INCOME FROM OTHER PTNRSHPS AND FIDUCIARIES 
FROM TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
248456 
TOTAL ORDINARY INCOME FROM OTHER PTNRSHPS AND FIDUCIARIES 
248456 
LINE 9 - OTHER INCOME 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE LOSS 
-234496 
TOTAL OTHER INCOME 
-234496 
LINE 24 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
AMORTIZATION 
200614 
TRAVEL & ENTERTAINMENT EXPENSE 
90792 
INSURANCE EXPENSE 
112776 
OFFICE SUPPLIES AND EXPENSES 
105286 
PRINTING EXPENSE 
43338 
SCOUTING EXPENSE 
9354 
COMPUTER EXPENSE 
108201 
CLEANING SERVICE 
40953 
UTILITIES 
34652 
POSTAGE 
11389 
MISCELLANEOUS 
104822 
BANK CHARGES 
57683 
PUBLICATIONS & SUBSCRIPTIONS 
12677 
TRAVEL 
803503 
ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION 
259861 
COMMISSIONS EXPENSE 
2002456 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
240861 
TELEPHONE EXPENSE 
214004 
CONSULTING FEES 
640280 
CONTEST EXPENSE 
5550 
PAYROLL PROCESSING EXPENSE 
14299 
OVERHEAD REIMBURSEMENT 
-1470551 
MISCELLANEOUS MODEL EXPENSES 
55856 
PROMOTIONAL MODEL EXPENSES 
100004 
LITIGATION SETTLEMENT 
45632 
CALIFORNIA LLC FEE 
6000 
NYS LLC FEE 
3000 
ORGANIZATION COSTS 
5000 
TOTAL OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
3858292 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
146 
EFTA00806553
--- PAGE 148 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
IT-204, PAGE 3 SUPPORTING SCHEDULE 
LINE 46 - OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
PREPAID EXPENSES 
213894 
159432 
DEFERRED TAX ASSET- CURRENT 
15000 
17000 
TOTAL OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
228894 
176432 
LINE 48 - OTHER INVESTMENTS 
INVESTMENT IN TWO TWELVE 
TOTAL OTHER INVESTMENTS 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
-214609 
83446 
-214609 
83446 
LINE 56 - OTHER ASSETS 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
DEPOSITS 
29606 
43931 
RESTRICTED CASH 
40000 
40000 
DUE FROM AFFILIATES 
774693 
1313624 
DUE FROM MODELS 
1464108 
1607052 
DEFERRED TAX BENEFIT-LONG TERM 
53000 
47000 
TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 
2361407 
3051607 
LINE 60 - OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
ACCRUED EXPENSES 
TOTAL OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
1304038 
1786832 
1304038 
1786832 
LINE 63 - OTHER LIABILITIES 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
ADVANCES FROM AFFILIATES 
21519 
8342 
DUE TO RELATED PARTY 
1223293 
1476782 
DEFERRED RENT-LONG TERM 
69223 
135009 
TOTAL OTHER LIABILITIES 
1314035 
1620133 
MUNI31A00 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
147 
EFTA00806554
--- PAGE 149 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
IT 204, PAGE 5 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PARTNERS' DISTRIBUTIVE SHARE ITEMS 
LINE 99 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
CASH CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CONTRIBUTION SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
103335 
TOTAL CASH CONTRIBUTIONS 
103335 
TOTAL OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
103335 
LINE 105 - OTHER ITEMS 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
17910 
TOTAL OTHER ITEMS 
17910 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
148 
EFTA00806555
--- PAGE 150 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
IT-204, PAGE 7 SUPPORTING SCHEDULE 
NEW YORK SOURCE GROSS INCOME WORKSHEET 
ENTER CURRENT YEAR AMOUNTS 
AMOUNT FROM FEDERAL FORM 1065, LINE 1C 
AMOUNT FROM FEDERAL FORM 1065, SCH K, LINE 5 
NY SOURCE INCOME FROM LOWER TIERED PARTNERSHIPS 
A 
MODIFIED 
NEW YORK SOURCE 
FED. GROSS INC. 
GROSS INCOME 
20,059,894. 
17,910. 
12,417,261. 
17,910. 
983,466. 
TOTAL 
13,418,637. 
MUNI31.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
149 
EFTA00806556
--- PAGE 151 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
NEW YORK IT-398, PAGE 1, SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
13-3495607 
DESCRIPTION OF 
PROPERTY 
DATE 
DEPRECIABLE RECOVERY 
ACQUIRED 
NEW YORK 
FEDERAL DEPR. 
BASIS 
PERIOD CONVEN METHOD 
DEPRECIATION 
DEDUCTION 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
06/22/2003 
103,492. 
39.000 
MM 
M39 
2,654. 
1,327. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
07/24/2003 
26,080. 
39.000 
MM 
M39 
669. 
334. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
08/12/2003 
17,758. 
39.000 
MM 
M39 
455. 
228. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
09/18/2003 
128,435. 
39.000 
MM 
M39 
3,293. 
1,647. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
10/28/2003 
16,767. 
39.000 
MM 
M39 
430. 
215. 
LEASEHOLD IMPRO-NY 
11/19/2003 
41,981. 
39.000 
MM 
M39 
1,076. 
538. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 01/16/2004 
5,649. 
MM 
M39 
145. 
72. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 02/17/2004 
7,686. 
MM 
M39 
197. 
99. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
12/31/2004 
25,000. 
15.000 
HY 
M3 
1,665. 
833. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
02/12/2008 
11,736. 
MQ 
M15 
782. 
391. 
LEASEHOLD IMP-NY 
12/19/2008 
16,000. 
MQ 
M15 
1,066. 
533. 
SOFTWARE 
01/22/2015 
155,603. 
3.000 
CS 
47,545. 
101,575. 
TOTAL DEPRECIATION 
59,977. 
107,792. 
5XX063 LOCO 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
150 
EFTA00806557
--- PAGE 152 ---
2015
4al
ia 
Department of Taxation and Finance 
5O3501 2000 
New York Corporate Partner's 
Schedule K-1 
Tax Law - Article 9-A 
For calendar year 2015 or tax year beginning 
151 and ending 
IT-204-CP 
Final K4 
Amended K4 
Parinere: Before completing your franchise tax return, see Form IT-204-CP-I, Partner's Instructions for Form IT-204-CP (available at ownicbmny.goty. 
Partnership's Information 
Partnership's name (as shown on Form IT-204) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT. LLC 
A Mark an X in the box if either applies to your entity 
K 
Publicly traded partnership K 
Partnership's EIN 
133495607
Portfolio investment partnership 
B Tax shelter registration number, if any 
Partner's Information (see instructions) 
Partner's name 
CLAXON INC 
Partner's address 
WATTS STREET 
City 
NEW YORK 
C The partner is a (marks', X in me sppwpaare box) Lxl General partner or LLC member-manager 
U 
Limited partner or other LLC member 
D What is the New York tax filing status of the partner? (Mark an X in the appropriate box. known.) 
C corporation 
K 
S corporation 
E 
If the partner is a disregarded entity, enter the EIN of the entity reporting the income of 
the partner (if known) 
Partners EIN 
133508513 
State 
NY 
ZIP code 
10013 
F 
Did the partner sell its entire interest during the tax year?  
 F 
Yes K 
No El 
G Partner's share of profit. loss. and capital 
1) Profit  
 G1 
2) Loss  
G2 
3) Capital  
 G3 
H Partner's share of liabilities at the end of the year 
1) Nonrecourse 
2) Qualified nonrecourse financing  
H1 
H2 
6137989 
3) Recourse 
113 
623752 
Partner's capital account analysis 
1) Beginning capital account  
777664 
2) Capital contributed during the year - cash  
3) Capital contributed during the year - property  
4) Current year increase (decrease)  
974394 
5) Withdrawals and distributions - cash  
1260000 
6) Withdrawals and distributions - property 
7) Ending capital account  
492058 
8) Method of accounting (mark an X in the appropriate box) 
Beginning 
Ending 
42.0000 % 
42.0000 % 
42,0000 % 
42.0000 % 
42.0000 % 
42.0000 %i
Tax basis 
GAAP 
Book n 
Other (submit explanation) 
117001151062 
III III III 1 I~ I1111 
1111111 
III III 11 
R66297 
1608 
151 
EFTA00806558
--- PAGE 153 ---
Page 2 of 11 rr-204-CP (2015) 
5O3502 2.000 
J Was Form CT-2658-E filed with the partnership" 
J Yes K 
No
K NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (from Form CT-2658) 
Date 
Amount 
1) First installment 
K1 
2) Second installment  
K2 
3) Third installment  
K3 
4) Fourth installment  
K4 
Total NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (add linos K1 through K4)  
Partner's share of entire net Income (ENI) information when the corporate partner's New York tax filing 
status is a C corporation 
ENI addition modifications 
Total additions  
45273 
A - Number 
B- Amount 
A- Number 
B- Amount 
1a 
EA-507 
45273 
Id EA-
1b 
EA-
1e a-
lc 
EA-
a -
ENI subtraction 
modifications 
Total subtractions  
7943 
A - Number 
B- Amount 
A- Number 
B- Amount 
2a 
ES-507 
7943 
2d ES-
2b 
ES-
2e ES-
2c 
ES-
2f ES-
Partner's proportionate part of assets and liabilities (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Average value 
Total assets 
Real property and marketable securities included on line 3  
Real property and marketable securities at fair market value (FMV)  
Average value of adjusted total assets  
Total liabilities  
Liabilities directly attributable to business capital  
Liabilities directly attributable to investment capital  
117002151062 
7731804 
184741 
184741 
7731804 
6896234 
R66297 
1608 
152 
EFTA00806559
--- PAGE 154 ---
5O35D3 2.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 3 of 11 
Partner's proportionate pad of items related to investment capital under Article 9-A (for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Part 1 - Investment capital that generates income claimed not apportionable to New York under the U.S. Constitution 
Description of asset (Identify each asset, and enter number of shares (il applicable) and date acquired here: for each asset complete Call716S D 
through G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A • Description of asset 
- Number of shares 
acquired. if applicable 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number ol 
shares sold, if applicable 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
10 
Part 2 - Investment capital - stocks actually held more than one year 
Description of investment (Identify each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete coktmns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A - NamefCU$IPfCINSllot number 
- Number of shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number ol 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
I 1 1
117003151062 
111 
R66297 
1608 
153 
EFTA00806560
--- PAGE 155 ---
Page 4 of 11 IT-204-CP (2015) 
503504 3.000 
Part 3 - Investment capital - stocks presumed held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and dale acquired here: for each investment complete columns F 
and G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A - NameICU$IPICINSIIot number 
B - Number ol shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(S) 
Total columns F and G 
112 
Part 4 - Total investment capital 
Total average FMV and liabilities directly 
attributable (add tines TO. 21. and 12 LO 
columns Fend 0)  
Part 5 - Prior year investment capital - stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: tor each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A - NamelCU$IPICINSIIot number 
B - Number ol shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average FMV 
as previously reported 
G 
Liabilities directly attributable 
as previously reported 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
114 
III 
ifirl III 111 
R66297 
1608 
154 
EFTA00806561
--- PAGE 156 ---
103106 3.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 5 of 11 
Part 6 - Prior year gross investment income for stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Prior year presumed gross investment income from stocks presumed in the prior year to 
be held more than one year that failed to meet the presumption 
Partner's share of items related to investment and other exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Gross exempt cross•article dividends  
Gross exempt controlled foreign corporation (CFC) income  
Gross exempt unitary corporation dividends  
Gross investment income from investments generating income not apportionable to New 
York State under the U.S. Constitution  
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks actually held more than one year 
Net capital gains in excess of losses from investment capital from stocks actually held more 
than one year 
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks presumed held more than one year 
-2Q
Partner's share of items related to interest deductions directly attributable to investment and other 
exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Interest expense per federal Form 1065, line 15 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
attributable to income reported on line 16 
attributable to income reported on line 17 
attributable to income reported on line 18 
attributable to income reported on line 19 
attributable to income reported on line 20 
attributable to income reported on line 21  
attributable to income reported on line 22 
attributable to business capital 
28, 
29, 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to subtraction modification for qualified banks 
Qualified residential loan portfolio assets  
Gross interest income from qualifying loans 
33a Gross interest income from all loans 
33b Gross interest expense from all loans  
III 
111 
3b
R66297 
1608 
155 
EFTA00806562
--- PAGE 157 ---
Page 6 of 11 IT-204-CP (2015) 
5O3506 2.000 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to manufacturing 
Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing 
343 Receipts received from the generation and distribution of electricity, the distribution of natural 
gas, and the production of steam associated with the generation of electricity 
Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property 
35a Number of employees employed in manufacturing in New York 
34a 
35a
Partner's share of New York modifications (for New York S corporate partners only) 
New York State additions 
Number 
A— Total amount 
36a 
E A-
36b 
E A-
36c 
EA-
36d 
EA-
36e 
EA-
36f 
EA-
Total addition modifications (total of column A, lines 36a through 360  
New York State subtractions 
Number 
A — Total amount 
38a 
E S-
36b 
E S-
38c 
E S-
36d 
E S-
38e 
E S-
38f 
E S-
Total subtraction modifications (total of column A, lines 38a through 381) 
1 
Additions to federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
40a 
40b 
40c 
40d 
40e 
401 
Total additions to federal itemized deductions (add lines 40a through 400  
Subtractions from federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
42a 
42b 
42c 
42d 
42e 
42f 
Total subtractions from federal itemized deductions (add lines 42a through 420 
117006151062 
III Imo 
L31 
R66297 
1608 
156 
EFTA00806563
--- PAGE 158 ---
503550 2.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 7 of 11 
Partner's share of Income, deductions, etc. (from federal Form 1065, Schedule K-1) 
Partner's distributive share items 
R 
S 
T 
D 
D 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
1014678 
et rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income (foss) 
ivaranteed payments  
iterest income 
522 
Ordinary dividends 
oyalties  
et short-term capital gain (loss)  
et long-term capital gain (loss) 
et section 1231 gain (loss)  
Other income (loss)  
Identify: 
action 179 deduction  
80301 
Thar deductions (see instructions)  
43401 
Wont* 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
ax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses (see Instructions) 
-4 9793 
istributions - cash and marketable securities  
1260000 
'stributions - other property  
Other items not included above that are required to be reported separately to partners 
522 
Identity: 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
Partner's credit information (see instructions) 
Part 1 - Flow-through credit bases and information 
Brownfield redevelopment tax credit (Fenn CT61t. Form CT.6 Mt. or Form CT-6112L_ 
A — Form CT411 
B — Form CT-611.1 
C - Form CT4112 
Site preparation credit component  
Tangible property credit component  
On-site groundwater remediation credit component 
EZ capital tax credit (Form CT-602) 
Recapture of credit for investments in certified EZ businesses  
 [64 
Recapture of credit for contributions of money to EZ community development projects 
QEZE tax reduction credit (Form CT-604-CP) 
QEZE zone allocation factor 
QEZE employment increase factor  
QEZE benefit period factor 
Excelsior jobs program tax credit (Form CT-607) 
Excelsior jobs tax credit component  
Excelsior investment tax credit component 
Excelsior research and development tax credit component  
Excelsior real property tax credit component 
III i 
ifir I III 111 
R66297 
1608 
157 
EFTA00806564
--- PAGE 159 ---
Page 8 of 11 rr-204-CP (2015) 
5O355] 2.000 
Partner's credit information (continued) 
Farmers' school tax credit (Form CT-47) 
Acres of qualified agricultural property 
Acres of qualified conservation properly 
Eligible school district property taxes paid 
Acres of qualified agricultural property converted to nongualified use 
Other flow-through credit bases and Information 
Credit bases 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
77a 
77d 
77b 
77e 
77c 
77f 
Credit information 
Code 
Information 
Code 
Information 
77j 
EMI 
77k 
771 
Part 2 Flow-through credits, addbacks, and 
Flow-through credits 
Code 
Amount 
recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
78a 
78e 
78b 
78f 
78c 
78g 
78d 
78h 
Addbacks of credits and recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
79a 
79d 
79b 
79e 
79c 
79f 
Part 3 START-UP NY tax elimination credit information (Form CT-638) 
START-UP NY business certificate number (Form DIF-74)  
Year of START-UP NY business tax benefit period 
START-UP NY area allocation factor  
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) 
information 
Part 1 
I During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in New York State? (math an X in the appropriate box) . . . Yes Gi 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity. in the MCTD? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
 Yes
117008151062 
III IIII III I I III II II VIII I III III II 
No K 
No K 
R66297 
1608 
158 
EFTA00806565
--- PAGE 160 ---
5O3552 3.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 9 of 11 
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) 
information (continued) 
Part 1 
Average value of property 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
Real estate owned  
Real estate rented  
Inventories owned  
Tangible personal property owned  
Tangible personal property rented 
2000789 
2002909 
70886 
70886 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York Slate 
C 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.2 
Sales of tangible personal property  
Sales of electricity  
Net gains from sales of real property  
Section 210-A.3 
Rentals of real and tangible personal property . . .  
Royalties from patents, copyrights, trademarks, and 
similar intangible personal property 
Sales of rights for certain closed-circuit and cable 
TV transmissions of an event  
Section 210-A.4 
Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 
7a Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 7a 
This line intentionally left blank  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(A) 
Interest from loans secured by real property  
Net gains from sales of loans secured by real properly . .  10 
Interest from loans not secured by real property D 11 
Net gains from sales of loans not secured by 
real property K 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(B) K 
Interest from federal debt  
Net gains from federal debt  
Interest from NYS and Its political subdivisions debt . . . . 15 
Net gains from NYS and Its political subdivisions deb' . .  16 
Interest from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Net gains from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(C) K 
Interest from asset-backed securities and other 
government agency debt  
Net gains from government agency debt or 
asset-backed securities sold through an exchange , 20 
Net gains from all other asset-backed securities . . . 21 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(D) K 
Interest from corporate bonds 
Net gains from corporate bonds sold through 
broker/dealer or licensed exchange 
Net gains from other corporate bonds 
117009151062 
R66297 
1608 
159 
EFTA00806566
--- PAGE 161 ---
Page 10 of 11 IT-204-CP (2015) 
5O3553 3.000 
Receipts from: (continued) 
A 
MOTO 
B
New York State 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(E) 
Net interest from reverse repurchase and securities 
borrowing agreements  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(F) 
Net interest from federal funds  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(1) 
Net income from sales of physical commodities . . . 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(J) n 
Marked to market net gains 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(H) 
Interest from other financial instruments 
Net gains from other financial instruments  
30a Net gains from other financial instruments 
(broker/dealer/exchange) 
30b Other income from other financial instruments. . .  30b 
30c Other income from other financial instruments 
(broker/dealer/exchange) 
30a 
30c 
Section 210-A.5(b) 
Brokerage commissions 
Margin interest earned on behalf of brokerage accounts • • 
Fees for advisory services for underwriting 
or management of underwriting  
Receipts from primary spread of selling concessions 
Receipts from account maintenance fees 
Fees for management or advisory services  
Interest from an affiliated corporation  
Section 210-A.5(c) 
Interest, fees, and penalties from credit cards . . .  
Service charges and fees from credit cards 
Receipts from merchant discounts  
Receipts from credit card authorizations and 
settlement processing 
Other credit card processing recepts  
Section 210-A.5(d) 
Receipts from certain services to Investment companies • • 43 
Section 210-A.6 
Receipts from railroad and trucking business 
Section 210-A.6-a 
Receipts from the operation of vessels  
Secton 210-A.7 
Receipts from air freight forwarding  
Receipts from other aviation services 
Section 210-A.8 
Advertising in newspapers or periodicals 
Advertising on television or radio  
Advertising via other means 
Section 210-A.9 
Transportation or transmission of gas through pipes 
Section 210-A.10 
Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
5628306 
5628306 
8838211 
52a 
117010151002 III 11111 
R66297 
1608 
160 
EFTA00806567
--- PAGE 162 ---
503554 3.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) 
Page 11 of 11 
Payroll 
A
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Wages and other compensation of employees except general executive officers 
3551739 
3551739 
Average number of individuals employed lull time in New York State (excluding employees with 
partnership-wide authority)  
Gross proceeds or receipts from certain sales 
(for apportionment purposes) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Sales of loans secured by real property 
Sales of loans not secured by real property 
Sales of other asset-backed securities 
Sales of corporate bonds  
Sales of physical commodities  
Marked to market net gain or loss from deemed sales (for apportionment purposes) 
Of loans secured by real property 
Of loans not secured by real property 
Of federal debt instruments 
Of New York State and its political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of other states and their political subdivisions debt instruments.  
Of government agency debt or asset-backed securities (through exchange)  
Of all other asset-backed securities  
Of corporate bonds through licensed exchange or broker/dealer 
Of other corporate bonds  
Of physical commodities 
Of other financial instruments 
Items related to repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending agreements 
Value of reverse repurchase agreements when partnership is purchaser/lender 
Value of borrowing agreements when partnership is securities borrower 
Value of repurchase agreements when partnership is seller/borrower  
Value of lending agreements when partnership is securities lender 
Interest income from reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements 
Interest expense from repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements 
117011151062 
III III III i 
II III I II VIII I III III II 
73, 
75,
R66297 
1608 
161 
EFTA00806568
--- PAGE 163 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
IT 204-CP, PAGE 7 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PARTNER'S SHARE OF INCOME, DEDUCTIONS, ETC 
FEDERAL 
LINE 56 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
CASH CONTRIBUTION SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
43401 
TOTAL OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
43401 
FEDERAL 
LINE 60 - OTHER ITEMS 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
7522 
TOTAL OTHER ITEMS 
7522 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
162 
EFTA00806569
--- PAGE 164 ---
Department of Taxation and Finance 
5O3501 2000 
ATE 
2015 
New York Corporate Partner's 
Schedule K-1 
Tax Law - Article 9-A 
For calendar year 2015 or tax year beginning 
151 and ending 
IT-204-CP 
Final K-1 
Amended K-1 
Partnere: Before completing your franchise tax return, see Form IT-204-CP-I. Partner's Instructions for Form IT-204-CP (available at monabutsy.gov). 
Partnership's Information 
Partnership's name (as shown on Form IT-204) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT. LLC 
A Mark an X in the box if either applies to your entity 
Publicly traded partnership 
Partnership's EIN 
133495607
Portfolio investment partnership 
B Tax shelter registration number, if any 
Partner's Information (see instructions) 
Partner's name 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP 
Partners EIN 
133501977 
Partner's address 
WATTS STREET 
City 
NEW YORK 
C The partner is a (marks', X in me ippropnare box) Lxl General partner or LLC member-manager 
U Limited partner or other LLC member 
D What is the New York tax filing status of the partner? (Mark an X in the appropriate box. known.) K C corporation E S corporation 
E 
If the partner is a disregarded entity, enter the EIN of the entity reporting the income of 
the partner (if known) 
State 
NY 
ZIP code 
10013 
F 
Did the partner sell its entire interest during the tax year?  
 F 
Yes K No El 
G Partner's share of profit, loss, and capital 
1) Profit  
 G1 
2) Loss  
G2 
3) Capital  
 G3 
H Partner's share of liabilities at the end of the year 
1) Nonrecourse 
2) Qualified nonrecourse financing  
3) Recourse 
H1 
H2 
113 
4530420 
460389 
I 
Partner's capital account analysis 
1) Beginning capital account  
Ii 
573991 
2) Capital contributed during the year - cash  
3) Capital contributed during the year - property  
4) Current year increase (decrease)  
719196 
5) Withdrawals and distributions - cash  
930000 
6) Withdrawals and distributions - property 
7) Ending capital account  
363187 
8) Method of accounting (mark an X in the appropriate box) 
Beginning 
Ending 
31.0000 % 
31.0000 % 
31.0000 % 
31.0000 % 
31.0000 % 
31.0000 % 
Tax basis 
GAAP 
K 
Book n 
Other (submit explanation) 
117001151062 
III III III 1 I~ I1111 
1111111 
III III 11 
R66297 
1608 
163 
EFTA00806570
--- PAGE 165 ---
Page 2 of 11 rr-204-CP (2015) 
5O3502 2.000 
J Was Form CT-2658-E filed with the partnership" 
J Yes K 
No
K NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (from Form CT-2658) 
Date 
Amount 
1) First installment 
K1 
2) Second installment  
K2 
3) Third installment  
K3 
4) Fourth installment  
K4 
Total NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (add linos K1 through K4)  
Partner's share of entire net Income (ENI) information when the corporate partner's New York tax filing 
status is a C corporation 
ENI addition modifications 
Total additions  
A - Number 
B- Amount 
A- Number 
B- Amount 
1a 
EA - 
Id EA - 
1b 
EA - 
1e 
EA - 
lc 
EA - 
1f EA - 
ENI subtraction modifications 
Total subtractions  
A - Number 
B- Amount 
A- Number 
B- Amount 
2a 
ES-
2d ES-
2b 
ES-
2e ES-
2c 
ES-
2f ES-
Partner's proportionate part of assets and liabilities (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Average value 
Total assets 
Real property and marketable securities included on line 3  
Real property and marketable securities at fair market value (FMV)  
Average value of adjusted total assets  
Total liabilities  
Liabilities directly attributable to business capital  
Liabilities directly attributable to investment capital  
117002151062 
R66297 
1608 
164 
EFTA00806571
--- PAGE 166 ---
5O35D3 2.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 3 of 11 
Partner's proportionate pad of items related to investment capital under Article 9-A (for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Part 1 - Investment capital that generates income claimed not apportionable to New York under the U.S. Constitution 
Description of asset (Identify each asset, and enter number of shares (il applicable) and date acquired here: for each asset complete Call716S D 
through G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A • Description of asset 
- Number of shares 
acquired. if applicable 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number ol 
shares sold, if applicable 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
10 
Part 2 - Investment capital - stocks actually held more than one year 
Description of investment (Identify each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete coktmns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A - NamefCU$IPfCINSllot number 
- Number of shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number ol 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
I 1 1
117003151062 
111 
R66297 
1608 
165 
EFTA00806572
--- PAGE 167 ---
Page 4 of 11 IT-204-CP (2015) 
503504 3.000 
Part 3 - Investment capital - stocks presumed held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and dale acquired here: for each investment complete columns F 
and G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A - NameICU$IPICINSIIot number 
B - Number ol shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(S) 
Total columns F and G 
112 
Part 4 - Total investment capital 
Total average FMV and liabilities directly 
attributable (add tines TO. 21. and 12 LO 
columns Fend 0)  
Part 5 - Prior year investment capital - stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: tor each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A - NamelCU$IPICINSIIot number 
B - Number ol shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average FMV 
as previously reported 
G 
Liabilities directly attributable 
as previously reported 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
114 
III 
ifirl III 111 
R66297 
1608 
166 
EFTA00806573
--- PAGE 168 ---
103106 3.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 5 of 11 
Part 6 - Prior year gross investment income for stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Prior year presumed gross investment income from stocks presumed in the prior year to 
be held more than one year that failed to meet the presumption 
Partner's share of items related to investment and other exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Gross exempt cross•article dividends  
Gross exempt controlled foreign corporation (CFC) income  
Gross exempt unitary corporation dividends  
Gross investment income from investments generating income not apportionable to New 
York State under the U.S. Constitution  
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks actually held more than one year 
Net capital gains in excess of losses from investment capital from stocks actually held more 
than one year 
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks presumed held more than one year 
-2Q
Partner's share of items related to interest deductions directly attributable to investment and other 
exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Interest expense per federal Form 1065, line 15 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
attributable to income reported on line 16 
attributable to income reported on line 17 
attributable to income reported on line 18 
attributable to income reported on line 19 
attributable to income reported on line 20 
attributable to income reported on line 21  
attributable to income reported on line 22 
attributable to business capital 
28, 
29, 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to subtraction modification for qualified banks 
Qualified residential loan portfolio assets  
Gross interest income from qualifying loans 
33a Gross interest income from all loans 
33b Gross interest expense from all loans  
III 
111 
3b
R66297 
1608 
167 
EFTA00806574
--- PAGE 169 ---
Page 6 of 11 IT-204-CP (2015) 
5O3506 2.000 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to manufacturing 
Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing 
34a Receipts received from the generation and distribution of electricity, the distribution of natural 
gas, and the production of steam associated with the generation of electricity 
Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property 
35a Number of employees employed in manufacturing in New York 
34a 
35a
Partner's share of New York modifications (for New York S corporate partners only) 
New York State additions 
Number 
A —Total amount 
36a 
EA- 201 
55106 
36b 
EA- 209 
33415 
36c 
EA- 214 
$429 
36d 
EA-
36e 
EA-
36f 
EA-
Total addition modifications (total of column A, lines 36a through 360 
Lsrl. 
96950 
New York State subtractions 
Number 
A — Total amount 
38a 
ES- 213 
20601 
36b 
ES-
38c 
ES-
36d 
ES-
38e 
ES-
38f 
ES-
Total subtraction modifications (total of column A, lines 38a through 381) 
Additions to federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
40a 
40b 
40c 
40d 
40e 
401 
Total additions to federal itemized deductions (add lines 40a through 400  
Subtractions from federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
42a 
42b 
42c 
42d 
42e 
42f 
Total subtractions from federal itemized deductions (add lines 42a through 420 
117006151062 
III Imo 
L31 
R66297 
1608 
168 
EFTA00806575
--- PAGE 170 ---
503550 2.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 7 of 11 
Partner's share of Income, deductions, etc. (from federal Form 1065, Schedule K-1) 
Partner's distributive share items 
I 
R 
S 
T 
D 
D 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
8931 
et rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income (foss) 
ivaranteed payments  
iterest income 
5552 
Ordinary dividends 
oyalties  
et short-term capital gain (loss)  
et long-term capital gain (loss) 
et section 1231 gain (loss)  
Other income (loss)  
Identify: 
action 179 deduction  
59271 
Thar deductions (see instructions)  
32034 
Wont* 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
ax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses (see Instructions) 
 _57 
-36751 
istributions - cash and marketable securities  
930000 
'stributions - other property  
Other items not included above that are required to be reported separately to partners 
5552 
Identity: 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
Partner's credit information (see instructions) 
Part 1 - Flow-through credit bases and information 
Brownfield redevelopment tax credit (Fenn CT61t. Form CT.6 Mt. or Form CT-6112L_ 
A — Form CI411 
B — Form CT-611.1 
C — Form CT4112 
Site preparation credit component  
Tangible property credit component  
On-site groundwater remediation credit component 
EZ capital tax credit (Form CT-602) 
Recapture of credit for investments in certified EZ businesses  
 [64 
Recapture of credit for contributions of money to EZ community development projects 
QEZE tax reduction credit (Form CT-604-CP) 
QEZE zone allocation factor 
QEZE employment increase factor  
QEZE benefit period factor 
Excelsior jobs program tax credit (Form CT-607) 
Excelsior jobs tax credit component  
Excelsior investment tax credit component 
Excelsior research and development tax credit component  
Excelsior real property tax credit component 
III i 
ifir I III 111 
R66297 
1608 
169 
EFTA00806576
--- PAGE 171 ---
Page 8 of 11 rr-204-CP (2015) 
5O355] 2.000 
Partner's credit information (continued) 
Farmers' school tax credit (Form CT-47) 
Acres of qualified agricultural property 
Acres of qualified conservation properly 
Eligible school district property taxes paid 
Acres of qualified agricultural property converted to nongualified use 
Other flow-through credit bases and Information 
Credit bases 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
77a 
77d 
77b 
77e 
77c 
77f 
Credit information 
Code 
Information 
Code 
Information 
77j 
EMI 
77k 
771 
Part 2 Flow-through credits, addbacks, and 
Flow-through credits 
Code 
Amount 
recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
78a 
78e 
78b 
78f 
78c 
78g 
78d 
78h 
Addbacks of credits and recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
79a 
79d 
79b 
79e 
79c 
79f 
Part 3 START-UP NY tax elimination credit information (Form CT-638) 
START-UP NY business certificate number (Form DIF-74)  
Year of START-UP NY business tax benefit period 
START-UP NY area allocation factor  
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) 
information 
Part 1 
I During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in New York State? (math an X in the appropriate box) . . . Yes El 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity. in the MCTD? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
 Yes K 
117008151062 
III IIII III I I III II II VIII I III III II 
No K 
No K 
R66297 
1608 
170 
EFTA00806577
--- PAGE 172 ---
5O3552 3.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 9 of 11 
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) 
information (continued) 
Part 1 
Average value of property 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
Real estate owned  
Real estate rented  
Inventories owned  
Tangible personal property owned  
Tangible personal property rented 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.2 
Sales of tangible personal property  
Sales of electricity  
Net gains from sales of real property  
Section 210-A.3 
Rentals of real and tangible personal property . . .  
Royalties from patents, copyrights, trademarks, and 
similar intangible personal property 
Sales of rights for certain closed-circuit and cable 
TV transmissions of an event  
Section 210-A.4 
Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 
7a Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 7a 
This line intentionally left blank  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(A) 
Interest from loans secured by real property  
Net gains from sales of loans secured by real properly . .  10 
Interest from loans not secured by real property D 11 
Net gains from sales of loans not secured by 
real property K 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(B) K 
Interest from federal debt  
Net gains from federal debt  
Interest from NYS and Its political subdivisions debt . . . . 15 
Net gains from NYS and Its political subdivisions deb' . .  16 
Interest from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Net gains from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(C) K 
Interest from asset-backed securities and other 
government agency debt  
Net gains from government agency debt or 
asset-backed securities sold through an exchange , 20 
Net gains from all other asset-backed securities . . . 21 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(D) K 
Interest from corporate bonds 
Net gains from corporate bonds sold through 
broker/dealer or licensed exchange 
Net gains from other corporate bonds 
117009151062 
R66297 
1608 
171 
EFTA00806578
--- PAGE 173 ---
Page 10 of 11 IT-204-CP (2015) 
5O3553 3.000 
Receipts from: (continued) 
A 
MOTO 
B
New York State 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(E) 
Net interest from reverse repurchase and securities 
borrowing agreements  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(F) 
Net interest from federal funds  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(1) 
Net income from sales of physical commodities . . . 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(J) n 
Marked to market net gains 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(H) 
Interest from other financial instruments 
Net gains from other financial instruments  
30a Net gains from other financial instruments 
(broker/dealer/exchange) 
30b Other income from other financial instruments. . .  30b 
30c Other income from other financial instruments 
(broker/dealer/exchange) 
30a 
30c 
Section 210-A.5(b) 
Brokerage commissions 
Margin interest earned on behalf of brokerage accounts • • 
Fees for advisory services for underwriting 
or management of underwriting  
Receipts from primary spread of selling concessions 
Receipts from account maintenance fees 
Fees for management or advisory services  
Interest from an affiliated corporation  
Section 210-A.5(c) 
Interest, fees, and penalties from credit cards . . .  
Service charges and fees from credit cards 
Receipts from merchant discounts  
Receipts from credit card authorizations and 
settlement processing 
Other credit card processing recepts  
Section 210-A.5(d) 
Receipts from certain services to Investment companies • • 43 
Section 210-A.6 
Receipts from railroad and trucking business 
Section 210-A.6-a 
Receipts from the operation of vessels  
Secton 210-A.7 
Receipts from air freight forwarding  
Receipts from other aviation services 
Section 210-A.8 
Advertising in newspapers or periodicals 
Advertising on television or radio  
Advertising via other means 
Section 210-A.9 
Transportation or transmission of gas through pipes 
Section 210-A.10 
Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
4154225 
6523442 
52a 
117010151002 III 11111 
R66297 
1608 
172 
EFTA00806579
--- PAGE 174 ---
5O3554 3.000 
1T-204-CP (2015) 
Page 11 of 11 
Payroll 
A
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Wages and other compensation of employees except general executive officers 
I 53 
Average number of individuals employed lull time in New York State (excluding employees with 
partnership-wide authority)  
Gross proceeds or receipts from certain sales 
(for apportionment purposes) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Sales of loans secured by real property 
Sales of loans not secured by real property 
Sales of other asset-backed securities 
Sales of corporate bonds  
Sales of physical commodities  
Marked to market net gain or loss from deemed sales (for apportionment purposes) 
Of loans secured by real property 
Of loans not secured by real property 
Of federal debt instruments 
Of New York State and its political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of other states and their political subdivisions debt instruments.  
Of government agency debt or asset-backed securities (through exchange)  
Of all other asset-backed securities  
Of corporate bonds through licensed exchange or broker/dealer 
Of other corporate bonds  
Of physical commodities 
Of other financial instruments 
Items related to repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending agreements 
Value of reverse repurchase agreements when partnership is purchaser/lender 
Value of borrowing agreements when partnership is securities borrower 
Value of repurchase agreements when partnership is seller/borrower  
Value of lending agreements when partnership is securities lender 
Interest income from reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements 
Interest expense from repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements 
117011151062 
Holum i 
II IIII I II VIII I III III II 
73,
75,
R66297 
1608 
173 
EFTA00806580
--- PAGE 175 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
IT 204-CP, PAGE 7 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PARTNER'S SHARE OF INCOME, DEDUCTIONS, ETC 
FEDERAL 
LINE 56 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
CASH CONTRIBUTION SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
32034 
TOTAL OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
32034 
FEDERAL 
LINE 60 - OTHER ITEMS 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
5552 
TOTAL OTHER ITEMS 
5552 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
174 
EFTA00806581
--- PAGE 176 ---
Department of Taxation and Finance 
5O3501 2000 
ATE 
2015 
New York Corporate Partner's 
Schedule K-1 
Tax Law - Article 9-A 
For calendar year 2015 or tax year beginning 
151 and ending 
IT-204-CP 
Final K-1 
Amended K-1 
Pothers: Before completing your franchise tax return, see Form IT-204.CP-I. Partner's Instructions for Form IT-204-CP (available at monabut.ny.gov). 
Partnership's Information 
Partnership's name (as shown on Form IT-204) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT. I.,LC 
A Mark an X in the box if either applies to your entity 
Publicly traded partnership LI 
Partnership's EIN 
133495607
Portfolio investment partnership 
B Tax shelter registration number, if any 
Partner's Information (see instructions) 
Partner's name 
THE 14/ LCOR GROUP. INC 
Partner's address 
WATTS STREET 
Partners EIN 
133682060 
City 
NEW YORK 
C The partner is a moronxi° tht topropriare toxr 
State 
NY 
ZIP code 
10013 
Lxl General partner or LLC member-manager 
Ll Limited partner or other LLC member 
D What is the New York tax filing status of the partner? (Mark an X in the appropriate box. 
known.) K C corporation E S corporation 
E 
If the partner is a disregarded entity, enter the EIN of the entity reporting the income of 
the partner (if known) 
F 
Did the partner sell its entire interest during the tax year?  
 F 
Yes K No El 
G Partner's share of profit. loss, and capital 
1) Profit  
2) Loss  
3) Capital  
G1 
G2 
G3 
Beginning 
Ending 
27.0000 % 
27.0000 % 
27.0000 % 
27.0000 % 
27.0000 % 
27.0000 ,fcg 
H Partner's share of liabilities at the end of the year 
1) Nonrecourse 
 H1 
2) Qualified nonrecourse financing  
 H2 
3) Recourse 
 H3 
Partner's capital account analysis 
1) Beginning capital account  
 Ii 
2) Capital contributed during the year - cash  
3) Capital contributed during the year - property  
4) Current year increase (decrease)  
5) Withdrawals and distributions - cash  
7) Ending capital account  
8) Method of accounting (mark an X in the appropriate box) 
 Tax basis 
K 
GAAP 
K 
Book K 
Other (submit explanation) 
6) Withdrawals and distributions - property 
117001151062 
III III III 1 I~ I1111 
1111111 
III III 11 
3945850 
400983
499929 
626397 
810000 
316326
R66297 
1608 
175 
EFTA00806582
--- PAGE 177 ---
Page 2 of 11 rr-204-CP (2015) 
5O3502 2.000 
J Was Form CT-2658-E filed with the partnership" 
J Yes K 
No
K NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (from Form CT-2658) 
Date 
Amount 
1) First installment 
K1 
2) Second installment  
K2 
3) Third installment  
K3 
4) Fourth installment  
K4 
Total NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (add linos K1 through K4)  
Partner's share of entire net Income (ENI) information when the corporate partner's New York tax filing 
status is a C corporation 
ENI addition modifications 
Total additions  
A - Number 
B- Amount 
A- Number 
B- Amount 
1a 
EA - 
Id EA - 
1b 
EA - 
1e 
EA - 
lc 
EA - 
1f EA - 
ENI subtraction modifications 
Total subtractions  
A - Number 
B- Amount 
A- Number 
B- Amount 
2a 
ES-
2d ES-
2b 
ES-
2e ES-
2c 
ES-
2f ES-
Partner's proportionate part of assets and liabilities (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Average value 
Total assets 
Real property and marketable securities included on line 3  
Real property and marketable securities at fair market value (FMV)  
Average value of adjusted total assets  
Total liabilities  
Liabilities directly attributable to business capital  
Liabilities directly attributable to investment capital  
117002151062 
R66297 
1608 
176 
EFTA00806583
--- PAGE 178 ---
5O35D3 2.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 3 of 11 
Partner's proportionate pad of items related to investment capital under Article 9-A (for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Part 1 - Investment capital that generates income claimed not apportionable to New York under the U.S. Constitution 
Description of asset (Identify each asset, and enter number of shares (il applicable) and date acquired here: for each asset complete Call716S D 
through G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A • Description of asset 
- Number of shares 
acquired. if applicable 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number ol 
shares sold, if applicable 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
10 
Part 2 - Investment capital - stocks actually held more than one year 
Description of investment (Identify each investment, and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete coktmns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A - NamefCU$IPfCINSllot number 
- Number of shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number ol 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
I 1 1
117003151062 
111 
R66297 
1608 
177 
EFTA00806584
--- PAGE 179 ---
Page 4 of 11 IT-204-CP (2015) 
503504 3.000 
Part 3 - Investment capital - stocks presumed held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and dale acquired here: for each investment complete columns F 
and G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A - NameICU$IPICINSIIot number 
B - Number ol shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV reported 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(S) 
Total columns F and G 
112 
Part 4 - Total investment capital 
Total average FMV and liabilities directly 
attributable (add tines TO. 21. and 12 LO 
columns Fend 0)  
Part 5 - Prior year investment capital - stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: tor each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below) 
Item 
A - NamelCU$IPICINSIIot number 
B - Number ol shares 
acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average FMV 
as previously reported 
G 
Liabilities directly attributable 
as previously reported 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s) 
Total columns F and G 
114 
III 
ifirl III 111 
R66297 
1608 
178 
EFTA00806585
--- PAGE 180 ---
103106 3.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 5 of 11 
Part 6 - Prior year gross investment income for stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Prior year presumed gross investment income from stocks presumed in the prior year to 
be held more than one year that failed to meet the presumption 
Partner's share of items related to investment and other exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Gross exempt cross•article dividends  
Gross exempt controlled foreign corporation (CFC) income  
Gross exempt unitary corporation dividends  
Gross investment income from investments generating income not apportionable to New 
York State under the U.S. Constitution  
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks actually held more than one year 
Net capital gains in excess of losses from investment capital from stocks actually held more 
than one year 
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks presumed held more than one year 
-2Q
Partner's share of items related to interest deductions directly attributable to investment and other 
exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Interest expense per federal Form 1065, line 15 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
attributable to income reported on line 16 
attributable to income reported on line 17 
attributable to income reported on line 18 
attributable to income reported on line 19 
attributable to income reported on line 20 
attributable to income reported on line 21  
attributable to income reported on line 22 
attributable to business capital 
28, 
29, 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to subtraction modification for qualified banks 
Qualified residential loan portfolio assets  
Gross interest income from qualifying loans 
33a Gross interest income from all loans 
33b Gross interest expense from all loans  
III 
111 
3b
R66297 
1608 
179 
EFTA00806586
--- PAGE 181 ---
Page 6 of 11 IT-204-CP (2015) 
5O3506 2.000 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to manufacturing 
Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing 
34a Receipts received from the generation and distribution of electricity, the distribution of natural 
gas, and the production of steam associated with the generation of electricity 
Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property 
35a Number of employees employed in manufacturing in New York 
34a 
35a
Partner's share of New York modifications (for New York S corporate partners only) 
New York State additions 
Number 
A —Total amount 
36a 
EA- 201 
47996 
36b 
EA- 209 
29104 
36c 
EA- 214 
7342 
36d 
EA-
36e 
EA-
36f 
EA-
Total addition modifications (total of column A, lines 36a through 360  
L37 
84442 
New York State subtractions 
Number 
A — Total amount 
38a 
ES- 213 
17944 
36b 
ES-
38c 
ES-
36d 
ES-
38e 
ES-
38f 
ES-
Total subtraction modifications (total of column A, lines 38a through 381) 
17944 
Additions to federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
40a 
40b 
40c 
40d 
40e 
401 
Total additions to federal itemized deductions (add lines 40a through 400  
Subtractions from federal itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
42a 
42b 
42c 
42d 
42e 
42f 
Total subtractions from federal itemized deductions (add lines 42a through 420 
117006151062 
III Imo 
L31 
R66297 
1608 
180 
EFTA00806587
--- PAGE 182 ---
503550 2.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 7 of 11 
Partner's share of Income, deductions, etc. (from federal Form 1065, Schedule K-1) 
Partner's distributive share items 
I 
R 
S 
T 
D 
D 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
652293 
et rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income (foss) 
ivaranteed payments  
iterest income 
4836 
Ordinary dividends 
oyalties  
et short-term capital gain (loss)  
et long-term capital gain (loss) 
et section 1231 gain (loss)  
Other income (loss)  
Identify: 
action 179 deduction  
51622 
Thar deductions (see instructions)  
27900 
Wont* 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
ax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses (see Instructions) 
-32010 
istributions - cash and marketable securities  
810000 
'stributions - other property  
Other items not included above that are required to be reported separately to partners 
4836 
Identity: 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
Partner's credit information (see instructions) 
Part 1 - Flow-through credit bases and information 
Brownfield redevelopment tax credit (Fenn CT61t. Form CT.6 Mt. or Form CT-6112L_ 
A — Form CT411 
B — Form CT-611.1 
C — Form CT4112 
Site preparation credit component  
Tangible property credit component  
On-site groundwater remediation credit component 
EZ capital tax credit (Form CT-602) 
Recapture of credit for investments in certified EZ businesses  
 [64 
Recapture of credit for contributions of money to EZ community development projects 
QEZE tax reduction credit (Form CT-604-CP) 
QEZE zone allocation factor 
QEZE employment increase factor  
QEZE benefit period factor 
Excelsior jobs program tax credit (Form CT-607) 
Excelsior jobs tax credit component  
Excelsior investment tax credit component 
Excelsior research and development tax credit component  
Excelsior real property tax credit component 
III i 
ifir I III 111 
R66297 
1608 
181 
EFTA00806588
--- PAGE 183 ---
Page 8 of 11 rr-204-CP (2015) 
5O355] 2.000 
Partner's credit information (continued) 
Farmers' school tax credit (Form CT-47) 
Acres of qualified agricultural property 
Acres of qualified conservation properly 
Eligible school district property taxes paid 
Acres of qualified agricultural property converted to nongualified use 
Other flow-through credit bases and Information 
Credit bases 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
77a 
77d 
77b 
77e 
77c 
77f 
Credit information 
Code 
Information 
Code 
Information 
77j 
EMI 
77k 
771 
Part 2 Flow-through credits, addbacks, and 
Flow-through credits 
Code 
Amount 
recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
78a 
78e 
78b 
78f 
78c 
78g 
78d 
78h 
Addbacks of credits and recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
79a 
79d 
79b 
79e 
79c 
79f 
Part 3 START-UP NY tax elimination credit information (Form CT-638) 
START-UP NY business certificate number (Form DIF-74)  
Year of START-UP NY business tax benefit period 
START-UP NY area allocation factor  
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) 
information 
Part 1 
I During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in New York State? (math an X in the appropriate box) . . . Yes El 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity. in the MCTD? (mark an X in the appropriate box)  
 Yes K 
117008151062 
III IIII III I I III II II VIII I III III II 
No K 
No K 
R66297 
1608 
182 
EFTA00806589
--- PAGE 184 ---
5O3552 3.000 
IT-204-CP (2015) Page 9 of 11 
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District (MCTD) 
information (continued) 
Part 1 
Average value of property 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
Real estate owned  
Real estate rented  
Inventories owned  
Tangible personal property owned  
Tangible personal property rented 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.2 
Sales of tangible personal property  
Sales of electricity  
Net gains from sales of real property  
Section 210-A.3 
Rentals of real and tangible personal property . . .  
Royalties from patents, copyrights, trademarks, and 
similar intangible personal property 
Sales of rights for certain closed-circuit and cable 
TV transmissions of an event  
Section 210-A.4 
Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 
7a Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 7a 
This line intentionally left blank  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(A) 
Interest from loans secured by real property  
Net gains from sales of loans secured by real properly . .  10 
Interest from loans not secured by real property D 11 
Net gains from sales of loans not secured by 
real property K 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(B) K 
Interest from federal debt  
Net gains from federal debt  
Interest from NYS and Its political subdivisions debt . . . . 15 
Net gains from NYS and Its political subdivisions deb' . .  16 
Interest from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Net gains from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(C) K 
Interest from asset-backed securities and other 
government agency debt  
Net gains from government agency debt or 
asset-backed securities sold through an exchange , 20 
Net gains from all other asset-backed securities . . . 21 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(D) K 
Interest from corporate bonds 
Net gains from corporate bonds sold through 
broker/dealer or licensed exchange 
Net gains from other corporate bonds 
117009151062 
R66297 
1608 
183 
EFTA00806590
--- PAGE 185 ---
Page 10 of 11 IT-204-CP (2015) 
5O3553 3.000 
Receipts from: (continued) 
A 
MOTO 
B
New York State 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(E) 
Net interest from reverse repurchase and securities 
borrowing agreements  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(F) 
Net interest from federal funds  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(1) 
Net income from sales of physical commodities . . . 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(J) n 
Marked to market net gains 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(H) 
Interest from other financial instruments 
Net gains from other financial instruments  
30a Net gains from other financial instruments 
(broker/dealer/exchange) 
30b Other income from other financial instruments. . .  30b 
30c Other income from other financial instruments 
(broker/dealer/exchange) 
30a 
30c 
Section 210-A.5(b) 
Brokerage commissions 
Margin interest earned on behalf la brokerage accounts • • 
Fees for advisory services for underwriting 
or management of underwriting  
Receipts from primary spread of selling concessions 
Receipts from account maintenance fees 
Fees for management or advisory services  
Interest from an affiliated corporation  
Section 210-A.5(c) 
Interest, fees, and penalties from credit cards . . .  
Service charges and fees from credit cards 
Receipts from merchant discounts  
Receipts from credit card authorizations and 
settlement processing 
Other credit card processing recepts  
Section 210-A.5(d) 
Receipts from certain services to Investment companies • • 43 
Section 210-A.6 
Receipts from railroad and trucking business 
Section 210-A.6-a 
Receipts from the operation of vessels  
Secton 210-A.7 
Receipts from air freight forwarding  
Receipts from other aviation services 
Section 210-A.8 
Advertising in newspapers or periodicals 
Advertising on television or radio  
Advertising via other means 
Section 210-A.9 
Transportation or transmission of gas through pipes 
Section 210-A.10 
Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
3618197 
5681707 
52a 
117010151002 III 11111 
R66297 
1608 
184 
EFTA00806591
--- PAGE 186 ---
5O3554 3.000 
1T-204-CP (2015) 
Page 11 of 11 
Payroll 
A
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Wages and other compensation of employees except general executive officers 
I 53 
Average number of individuals employed lull time in New York State (excluding employees with 
partnership-wide authority)  
Gross proceeds or receipts from certain sales 
(for apportionment purposes) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Sales of loans secured by real property 
Sales of loans not secured by real property 
Sales of other asset-backed securities 
Sales of corporate bonds  
Sales of physical commodities  
Marked to market net gain or loss from deemed sales (for apportionment purposes) 
Of loans secured by real property 
Of loans not secured by real property 
Of federal debt instruments 
Of New York State and its political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of other states and their political subdivisions debt instruments.  
Of government agency debt or asset-backed securities (through exchange)  
Of all other asset-backed securities  
Of corporate bonds through licensed exchange or broker/dealer 
Of other corporate bonds  
Of physical commodities 
Of other financial instruments 
Items related to repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending agreements 
Value of reverse repurchase agreements when partnership is purchaser/lender 
Value of borrowing agreements when partnership is securities borrower 
Value of repurchase agreements when partnership is seller/borrower  
Value of lending agreements when partnership is securities lender 
Interest income from reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements 
Interest expense from repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements 
117011151062 
Holum i 
II IIII I II VIII I III III II 
73,
75,
R66297 
1608 
185 
EFTA00806592
--- PAGE 187 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
IT 204-CP, PAGE 7 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PARTNER'S SHARE OF INCOME, DEDUCTIONS, ETC 
FEDERAL 
LINE 56 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
CASH CONTRIBUTION SUBJECT TO 50% LIMITATION 
27900 
TOTAL OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
27900 
FEDERAL 
LINE 60 - OTHER ITEMS 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
4836 
TOTAL OTHER ITEMS 
4836 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
186 
EFTA00806593
--- PAGE 188 ---
F.,„, 4562 
NipailmOMOttel[Poarur, 
Interne/ Revenue &IVO 
(99) 
Name(s) shown on return 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Business or activity to which this form relates 
Depreciation and Amortization 
(Including Information on Listed Property) 
► Attach to your tax return. 
► Information about Form 4562 and its separate instructions is at onvwdrs.gov/form4562. 
OMB No. 1545.0172 
2015 
Attachment 
Sequence No. 179 
NEXT 
Part I 
MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Identifying number 
3-3 4 9 5 6 07 
Election To Expense Certain Property Under Section 179 
Note: If you have any listed property, complete Part V before you complete Part I. 
Maximum amount (see instructions) 
Total cost of section 179 properly placed in service (see instructions) 
Threshold cost of section 179 property before reduction in limitation (see instructions)  
Reduction in limitation. Subtract line 3 from line 2. If zero or less, enter -0-
DOWN limitation ter lac year. SODIUM:Atha 4 WM line 1.1 zer0Or Len. enter 
ME/1,00 51115 
Sapasalelv. see instructions  
(a) Description of property 
(b) Cost (business use only) 
(c) Elected cost 
00, 0 0 0 . 
346,797. 
2,000.000. 
SEE DEPRECIATION DETAIL 
191,194.
Listed property. Enter the amount from line 29 
7
Total elected cost of section 179 property. Add amounts in column (c), nes 6 and 7  
Tentative deduction. Enter the smaller of line 5 or line 8  
Carryover of disallowed deduction from line 13 of your 2014 Form 4562  
Business Income limitation. Enter the smaller of business income (not less than zero) or line 5 (see Instructions) 
Section 179 amens. deduction. Add lines 9 and 10, but do not enter more than line 11  
Carryover of disallowed deduction to 2016. Add lines 9 and 10, less line 12 , 
Note: Do not use Part II or Part Ill below for listed property. Instead, use Pal V. 
Part II 
00, 0 0 0 . 
191,194. 
191,194. 
500.000. 
191.194. 
1 
Special Depreciation Allowance and Other Depreciation (Do not include listed property) See instructions.) 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified property (other than listed property) placed in service 
during the tax year (see instructions)  
77,802. 
Properly subject to section 168(1)(1) election  
Other depreciation (includng ACRS)  
24.391. 
Part III 
MACRS Depreciation (Do not include listed properly.) (See instructions.) 
Section A 
MACRS deductions for assets placed in service in tax years beginning before 2015 
1 
18, 805 
If you are electing to group any assets placed in service during the tax year into one or more general 
asset accounts, check here 
.1-1 
Section B - Assets Placed in Service During 2015 Tax Year Using the General Depredation System 
(a) Classification dproperly 
(b) Month and year 
placed in 
service 
(c) Basis for depreciation 
(businesarimestment use 
only - see insmictions) 
Reemery
naiad
r — 
(e) Convention 
(I) Method 
(g) Depreciation deduction 
19a 
3-year property 
b 5-year property 
e 7-year property 
d 10-year properly 
e 15-year properly 
f 20-year properly 
g 25-year properly 
yrs. 
S/L 
h Residential rental 
property 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
S/L 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
S/L 
i Nonresidential real 
property 
yrs. 
MM 
S/L 
MM 
SIL 
Section C - Assets Placed in Service During 2015 Tax Year Using the Alternative De reciation System 
20a Class life 
SIL 
b 12-year 
yrs. 
SIL 
e 40-year 
yrs. 
MM 
SIL 
Part IV Summary (See instructions.) 
Listed property. Enter amount from line 28  
Total. Add amounts from line 12. lines 14 through 17. lines 19 and 20 In column (g). and line 21. Enter here 
and on the appropriate lines of your return. Partnerships and S corporations -see instructions  
120,998. 
For assets shown above and placed in service during the current year. enter the 
portion of the basis attributable to section 263A costs 
-ISA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions. 
5)(2300 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
Form 4562 (2015) 
187 
EFTA00806594
--- PAGE 189 ---
NEXT 
4562 MANAGEMENT
15) 
, LLC 
For 
(20
13-34942i 
Part V 
Listed Property (Include automobiles, certain other vehicles, certain aircraft, certain computers, and property 
used for entertainment, recreation, or amusement.) 
Note: For any vehicle for which you are using the standard mileage rate or deducting lease expense, complete only 24a, 
24b, columns (a) through (c) of Section A, all of Section B, and Section C if applicable. 
Section A - Depreciation and Other information (Caution: See the instructions for limits for passenger automobiles.) 
24a Do you have evidence to support the businessAnvestment use claimed?I 
I Yes I 
I No 124b if "Yes,* is the evidence written? I 
I Yes I 
I No 
(a) 
Type d propeny fret 
vehicles first)
(b) 
Date placed 
service 
(c)
Business/ 
investment use 
percentage 
(r4 
Cost or ether barn 
(e) 
Basis tordepredalios 
use only) 
(0 
0Recovery 
necovelY 
period 
(0) 
Method? 
Convention 
01) 
Depreciation 
deduction 
(0 
Elected scam 179 
Dom 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified listed property placed in service during 
the tax year and used more than 50% in a qualified business use (see instructions)  
Property used more than 50% in a qualified business use: 
qi
% 
Property used 50% or less in a qualified business use: 
S/L • 
rS/1J 
SiL • 
Add amounts in co umn (h), lines 25 hrough 27. Enter here and on line 21, page 1 
128 
Add amounts in co umn (i), line 26. Enter here and on line 7, page 1 
Section B - Information on Use of Vehicles 
Complete this section for vehicles used by a sole proprietor. partner, or other "more than 5% owner." or related person. If you p melded vehicles 
to your employees, first answer the questions in Section C to see it you meet an exception to completing this section for those vehicles. 
Total business/investment miles driven during 
the year (do not include commuting miles), , , 
Total commuting miles driven during the year  
Total 
other 
personal 
(noncommuting) 
miles driven  
Total miles driven during the year. Add 
lines 30 through 32  
Was the vehicle available for personal 
use during off-duty hours? 
Was the vehicle used primarily by a more 
than 5% owner or related person?  
Is another vehicle available for personal 
use? 
(a) 
Vehicle 1 
Vehicle 2 
(c) 
Vehicle 3 
(d) 
Vehicle 4 
(e) 
Vehicle 5 
(0 
Vehicle 6 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
l 
Section C - Questions for Employers Who Provide Vehicles for Use by Their Employees 
Answer these questions to determine if you meet an exception to completing Section B for vehicles used by employees who are not 
more than 5% owners or related persons (see instructions). 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits all personal use of vehicles, including commuting, by 
your employees? 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits personal use of vehicles, except commuting, by your 
employees? See the instructions for vehicles used by corporate officers, directors, or 1% or more owners  
Do you treat all use of vehicles by employees as personal use? 
Do you provide more than five vehicles to your employees, obtain information from your employees about the 
use of the vehicles, and retain the information received?  
Do you meet the requirements concerning qualified automobile demonstration use? (See instructions.)  
Note: If your answer to 37, 38, 39, 40, or 41 is "Yes," do not complete Section B for the covered vehicles. 
Part VI 
Yes 
No 
Amortization 
(0) 
(a)
(h) 
Date amortization 
(0)
(d) 
Amortization 
(I) 
Description of costs 
begins 
Amortizable amount 
Code section 
period or 
percentage 
Amortization for this year 
Amortization of costs that begins during your 2015 tax ear (see instructions): 
ORGANIZATION COSTS 
[
06/15/2015 
15,790. 
709 
15.000 
614. 
Amortization of costs that began before your 2015 tax year  
Total. Add amounts in column (f). See the instructions for where to report  
200,000. 
200,614. 
JSA 
5%2310 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
Form 4562 (2015) 
188 
EFTA00806595
--- PAGE 190 ---
SCHEDULE M-3 
(Form 1065) 
DCD4 nm Cft of tnc PO.rAir, 
Internal Revenue Santee 
Net Income (Loss) Reconciliation 
for Certain Partnerships 
We Attach to Form 1065 or Form 1065-B. 
ie. Information about Schedule M-3 (Form 1065) and its instructions is at wwwirs.gov. lorm1065. 
OMB No. 1545.0123 
2015 
Name ol partnership 
Employer identification number 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
This Schedule M-3 is being filed because (check all that apply): 
A 
X The amount of the partnership's total assets at the end of the tax year is equal to $10 million or more. 
j. 
The amount of the partnership's adjusted total assets for the tax year is equal to $10 million or more. If box B is checked, 
enter the amount of adjusted total assets for the tax year  
19,760,866.  . 
C K 
The amount of total receipts for the tax year is equal to $35 million or more. If box C is checked, enter the total receipts for 
the tax year 
D K 
An entity that is a reportable entity partner with respect to the partnership owns or is deemed to own an interest of 50 
percent or more in the partnership's capital, profit, or loss, on any day during the tax year of the partnership. 
Name of Reportable Entity Partner 
Identifying Number 
Maximum Percentage Owned or 
Deemed Owned 
aE
Voluntary Filer. 
la Did the partnership file SEC Form 10-K for its income statement period ending with or within this tax year? 
Yes. Skip lines 1 b and lc and complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that SEC Form 10-K. 
No. Go to line lb. See instructions if multiple non-tax-basis income statements are prepared. 
b Did the partnership prepare a certified audited non-tax-basis income statement for that period? 
E
Yes. Skip line lc and complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that income statement. 
No. Go to line lc. 
c Did the partnership prepare a non-tax-basis income statement for that period? 
Yes. Complete lines 2 through 11 with respect to that income statement. 
No. Skip lines 2 through 3b and enter the partnership's net income (loss) per its books and records on line 4a. 
Enter the income statement period: Beginning 01/01/2015 
Ending12/31/2015 
3a Has the partnership's income statement been restated for the income statement period on line 2? 
Yes. (If "Yes; attach a statement and the amount of each item restated.) 
No. 
Financial Information and Net Income (Loss) Reconciliation 
b Has the partnership's income statement been restated for any of the live income statement periods immediately preceding the period on line 2? 
Yes. (If "Yes; attach a statement and the amount of each item restated.) 
No. 
4a Wo 
b Indicate 
ldwide consolidated net income (loss) from income statement source identified in Part I, line 1 
accounting standard used for line 4a (see instructions): 
4a 
2,319,987. 
I X 
GAAP 
IFRS 
D 
704(b) 
Tax-basis 
Other: (Specify) IP. 
5a Net 
__ 
_ 
income from nonincludible foreign entities (attach statement)  
5a ( 
b Net loss from nonincludible foreign entities (attach statement and enter as a positive amount) 
5b 
6a Net income from nonincludible U.S. entities (attach statement)  
6a ( 
b Net loss from nonincludible U.S. entities (attach statement and enter as a positive amount) 
6b 
7a Net income (loss) of other foreign disregarded entities (attach statement)  
7a 
b Net income (loss) of other U.S. disregarded entities (attach statement) 
7b 
Adjustment to eliminations of transactions between includible entities and nonincludible entities 
(attach statement)  
Adjustment to reconcile income statement period to tax year (attach statement) 
Other adjustments to reconcile to amount on line 11 (attach statement)  
Net income (loss) per income statement of the partnership. Combine lines 4a through 10. . . . 11 
2,319,987 . 
Note: Part I, line 11, must equal Part II, line 26, column (a) or Schedule M-1, line 1 (see instructions) 
Enter the total amount (not just the partnership's share) of the assets and liabilities ol all entitles included or removed on the following lines: 
a Included on Part I, line 4 
b Removed on Part I. fine 5 
c Removed on Part I. line 6 
d Included on Part I, line 7 
Total Assets 
16,760,866.
Total Liabilities 
15,589,295.
dye, For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see the Instructions for your return. 
SP 1042 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
S chedule 14-3 (Form 1065) 2015 
189 
EFTA00806596
--- PAGE 191 ---
Schedule M4 (Form 1065) 2015 
Page 2 
Name of parinershp 
Part II 
Employer Identification number 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) per Income Statement of Partnership With Income (Loss) per 
Return 
Income (Lose) Items 
IMEICh statements sar lines 1 through lot 
I 
income (loss) Iron Equityn*3mM lotsin 
mmormms 
Gross toreegn &Mends ner progeny taxed 
enapan F. OEF. ans ~MI (101(111~.16 . . 
Gross foreign Sikhism: pnwsisty taxed 
s 
mama (bid) 110. stay Weed US. common 
U.S. diedends  
Income (loss' tram U.S. panncaraT. a  
Income (loss) tram Imago panne/slaps .  
Income (loss, from ena aossInco9h 
enlikes  
items relating to repcdable trenteCOM5 .  
Intetest frame (me insituctonal 
Total acobal le <WM letbueMent 
Hedging tnms833717 
mark.s.market income (las)  
Is 
Cost ol goads sold (see insaucitynt . .  
Sale moue lease 1101 seers area lessen) .  
Section 481(a) alumnus 
Unearnedkieterted revenue  
Income recognrticn (ran bog-term tornats 
Original :sue discount and NW imputed 
MUMS 
21e Income statement ceinoloss on 
sale 
exchange. Mean:lamb:M. worthlessness 
or other mammon at assets other than 
Inventory and pass-through entities. . 
. . 
b Goss capital gains (rom Schedule Q =sa. 
ding amours from pasethrough entities . . 
o Goss caplet tosses from Schedule D. 
echidna 
amounts horn 
00354hrOUgh 
entities. abandament loses, and wont: 
stock losses  
d Nol gan/loss reponed on Form 4797. Inc! 
I?. exdudrg amounts from pass.through 
entities. abandCOMMI I04403. and wathleSs 
sleek 10544$  
e Abandonment lasses  
Worthless stock losses (Mach statement'. . 
Other gan/loss m aspeolson of assns other 
than inventory  
Other income goes) dens with ChllegenCe5 
lalleCh Illelealmt)  
Total Income (loss) Items. Combine Ines I 
through 22 
Total exponsadeductIon Hems. Morn PM IC 
me 31) lam nstmclons)  
Other gems with no dritemnaSIMT. 2 
Raoseseelan sawn. Corium iron 23 mom 25 
(a) 
Income (Loss) per 
Income Statement 
(b) 
Temporary 
Difference 
(c) 
Permanent 
Difference 
CO 
Income (Loss) per 
Tax Return 
298,055. 
5,160. 
-59.919. 
243,296. 
17,910. 
17.910. 
( 
) 
( 
) 
315.965. 
5.160. 
-59.919. 
261.206. 
-12,859.017. 
-216,737. 
90,792. 
—12.984,962. 
14.863.039. 
14,863,039. 
2,319.987. 
-211,577. 
30,873. 
2,139,283. 
Note: Line 26, column (a), must equal Part I, line 11, and column (d) must equal Form 1065, Analysis of Net Income (Loss). line 1. 
Schedule h1-3 (Form 1065) 2015 
JSA 
5P1043 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
190 
EFTA00806597
--- PAGE 192 ---
Schedule M-3 (Form 1065) 2015 
Page 3 
Name of partnershp 
Part III 
Employer Identification number 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) per Income Statement of Partnership With income (Loss) per 
Return - Expense/Deduction items 
Expense/Deduction Items 
I 
Slate and kcal current income lax expense 
Slate and kcal deterred ncome tax eipense 
Foreign current mane lax expense (other 
than foreign wthhedag taxes)  
Foreign deterred income lax expense 
S 
Equity based compensation 
lAeals and ertenaninall  
Fines and penalties 
.lioamarn. eamigas. iminte. are ants mm 
Guaranteed payments  
Pension and peafesharing  
II 
Other postmlirement benefits  
Deferred compensate. 
Charitable conabution at cash and tangible 
property  
Charitable conInbuton et intsigible properly 
II 
Organizational eoponses as per Regulations 
section 1.709-2(al  
II 
Syndication *incises as per Regulations 
section 1.709•2gol 
Current year acquisitionheaganization 
investment barildro lees 
II 
Current year acquisitionseceganixaban legal 
and accounting lees  
Amortization:impairment et goodail . .  
Amortization el acquisition. reorganization 
and 'leavecosts  
Other amorfization et impainnall amto.cels 
Reserved  
23a Decimal • 04 & Gas 
b Depletion - Other than On & Gas 
Intangible biting 6 development costs .  
Doprociatian  
Sad debt exprise  
2/ 
Interest expense (see munitions, . . .  
Purchase versus lease (la purchasers and 
a lessees) 
Research and development costs 
Other capon sededucbcn items web 
differences (sten staterront)STMT 3 
TOY 019.14.11411allon Mat cosier. tries t 
vireo It Caw Sr. and on Rut i. Ito 24. 
14,313((ipassia accounts as meats es regatta 
arna.0111.16p01/0”  
(a) 
Expense per 
Income Statement 
Ot) 
Temporary 
Difference 
(c) 
Pemunen1 
Difference 
(d) 
Deduction per 
Tax Return 
155,391. 
155,391. 
4.000. 
-4.000. 
181,584. 
-90,792. 
90,792. 
98,175. 
98,175. 
20,790. 
179.824. 
200.614. 
159,326. 
152,866. 
312,192. 
8,131. 
8,131. 
12.231.620. 
-111,953. 
12.119.667. 
12.859.017. 
216.737. 
-90.792. 
12,984,962. 
Schedule M-3 (Form 1065) 2015 
35.a 
5P1044 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
191 
EFTA00806598
--- PAGE 193 ---
OMB No. 1545-0123 
Form 8916-A 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
Name ol common parent 
Supplemental Attachment to Schedule M-3 
► Attach to Schedule M-3 for Form 1065. 1120, 1120-L. 1120-PC. or 1120S. 
► Information about Form 8916-A and its instructions is at knnvirs.gotelorrn1120. 
2015 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Name ol subsidiary 
Employer Identification number 
13-3495607 
Employer Identification number 
Part I 
Cost of Goods Sold 
Cost of Gads Sold Items 
Amounts attributable to cost 
flow assumptions  
Amounts attributable to: 
a 
Stock option expense  
b Other equity based 
compensation 
e Meals and entertainment 
d Parachute payments  
e Compensation with section 
162(m) limitation  
I 
Pension and profit sharing, 
g Other post-retirement benefits 
h Deferred compensation 
I 
Reserved  
j 
Amortization  
k Depletion  
I 
Depreciation  
m Corporate owned life insurance 
premiums 
n Other section 263A costs 
Inventory shrinkage accruals, 
Excess inventory and 
obsolescence reserves 
Lower of cost or market write-
downs  
Other Items with differences 
(attach statement) 
Other items with no differences 
Total cost of goods sold. Add 
lines 1 through 7 in columns 
a, b. c. and d. Enter totals on the 
applicable Schedule M-3. See 
instructions 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. see instructions. 
Form 8916-A (2015) 
(a) 
Expense per 
Income Statement 
(b) 
Temporary 
Difference 
(e) 
Permanent 
Difference 
Off 
Deduction per Tax 
Return 
J SA 
SX9035 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
192 
EFTA00806599
--- PAGE 194 ---
Form 8916-A (20t5) NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
Noe 2 
Part II 
Interest Income 
Interest Income Item 
Tax-exempt interest 
income 
Interest income from hybrid 
securities 
Sale/lease interest income 
4a Intercompany interest 
Income - From outside tax 
affiliated group 
Intercompany interest 
Income - From tax 
affiliated group 
Other Interest income 
Total interest income. Add 
lines 1 through 5 in columns 
a, b, c, and d. Enter total on 
the applicable Schedule M-3. 
See instructions. 
Part 
(a) 
Income (Loss) per Income 
Statement 
(b) 
Temporary 
Difference 
(c) 
Permanent 
Difference 
17,910.
17.910. 
(d) 
Income (Loss) per 
Tax Return 
17,910. 
17.910. 
Interest Expense 
Interest Expense Item 
3a 
Interest expense from 
hybrid securities 
Leasetpurchase interest 
expense 
Intercompany interest 
expense - Pad to outside 
tax affiliated group 
Intercompany interest 
expense - Paid to tax 
affiliated group 
3b 
Other Interest expense 
Total interest expense. Add 
lines 1 through 4 in columns 
a, b, c. and d. Enter total on 
the applicable Schedule M-3. 
See instructions. 
(a) 
Expense per Income 
Statement 
(b) 
Temporary 
Difference 
(c) 
Permanent 
Difference 
(d) 
Deduction per Tax Return 
Form 8916-A (2015) 
529036 2.000 
R66297 
1608 
193 
EFTA00806600
--- PAGE 195 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, :.LC 
11-340607 
SCHEDULE M-3, PART II DETAIL 
LINE 7 - INCOME (LOSS) FROM U.S. PARTNERSHIPS 
EAT 
EAT 
PROFIT-SHARING 
LOSS-SHARING 
INCOME (LOSS) 
TEMPORARY 
PERMANENT 
NAME 
EIN 
PERCENTAGE 
PERCENTAGE 
PER ENCORE 571a 
DIFFERENCE 
DIFFERENCE 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT LLC 
INCOME (LOSS( 
PER TAW RETURN 
20-1354409 
80.000 
80.000 
298,055. 
3,164. 
-59,919. 
243,296. 
TOTAL 
290,055. 
5,160. 
-59,919. 
243,296. 
R66297 1608 
STATEMENT 
194 
EFTA00806601
--- PAGE 196 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE M-3, PART II DETAIL 
LINE 25 - OTHER INCOME (LOSS) AND 
EXPENSE/DEDUCTION ITEMS WITH NO DIFFERENCES 
GROSS RECEIPTS 
20,059,894. 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
-5,196,855. 
TOTAL 
14,863,039. 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
195 
EFTA00806602
--- PAGE 197 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE M-3, PART III DETAIL 
LINE 30 - OTHER EXPENSE/DEDUCTION ITEMS WITH DIFFERENCES 
EXPENSE 
TEMPORARY 
PERMANENT 
DEDUCTION 
DESCRIPTION 
PER INCOME STMT 
DIFFERENCE 
DIFFERENCE 
PER TAX RETURN 
RENTAL EXPENSE - STRAIGHTLINING OF LEASE 
815,962. 
-66,152. 
749,810. 
SALARIES 
11,415,658. 
-50,801. 
11,364,857. 
ORGANIZATION COSTS 
5,000. 
5,000. 
TOTAL 
12,231,620. 
-111,953. 
12,119,667. 
R66297 
1608 
196 
STATEMENT 
EFTA00806603
--- PAGE 198 ---
Berdon LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
360 Madison Ave 
New York, NY 10017 
212-832-0400 
Next Management, LLC 
Instructions for payment of 
New York City Estimated Unincorporated Business Tax 
Form NYC-5UB 
The appropriate voucher should accompany each payment as follows: 
Voucher 
On or Before 
April 18.2016 
June 15. 2016 
September 15, 2016 
January 16, 2017 
Overpayment of 2015 income 
tax credited against 2016 tax 
Total estimate of 2016 income tax 
Amount 
$20,200 
$20,200 
$90,148 
$130,548 
Each voucher, together with your check or money order payable to NYC Department of Finance, should be filed 
with: 
NYC Department of Finance 
P.O. Box 3923 
New York, NY 10008.3923 
To document the timely filing of your tax return(s), we suggest that you obtain and retain proof of mailing. Proof of 
mailing can be accomplished by sending the tax retum(s) by registered or certified mail (metered by the U.S. 
Postal Service) or through the use of an IRS approved delivery method provided by an IRS designated private 
delivery service. 
EFTA00806604
--- PAGE 199 ---
Dentlirmololirume 
NYC-5UB PARTNERSHIP DECLARATION OF 
ESTIMATED UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2016 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
and ending 
Business name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
In Care of 
2016 
Name rt 
Changel__J 
Business address (number and street) 
WATTS STREET 
City and State 
NEW YORK, NY 
Business Telephone Number 
hp Code 
10013 
Taxpayers Email Address 
Addressn 
Charge 
Country (if not US) 
Employer Identification Number 
13-3495607 
%OBES Code Mate( as per Federal Rehm) 
812 990 
A. 
Payment Amount included with form - Make payable to: NYC Department of Finance. . A. 
Payment Amain 
1. 
Estimate of 2016 tax  
2. 
Amount to be paid with this declaration (Payable to: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) 
2. 
130,514. 
Signature of taxpayel: 
 Date  
To receive proper credit, you must enter your correct Employer Identification Number on your declaration and remittance. 
DETACH ON DOTTED LINE & MAIL UPPER PORTION. RETAIN LOWER PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS 
ESTIMATED TAX WORKSHEET 
• KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS • 
1. 
Net income from business expected in 2016 (see instructions) 
2. 
Exemption (see instructions)  
 2. 
3. 
Line 1 less line 2 (estimated taxable business income)  
3. 
4. 
Tax - enter 4% of line 3 (see instructions) 
5a. Business Tax Credit (I) (Check applicable box below and enter credit amount) 
Tax on line 4 is $3.400 or less. Your credo is the entire amount of tax on line 4. 
Tax on line 4 is $5.400 or over. No cretin is Mowed. Enter Tr. 
Tax on line 4 is over $3.400 but less than 55.400, use formula for credit amount: 
Tax an line 4 x ($5,400 minus tax on line 4) 
5b. O her credits (see 
instrucliont2).0O0 
5c. Total credits (add lines 5a and 5b)  
6. Estimated 2016 Unincorporated Business Tax (line 4 less line 5c) 
Enter here, on line 7b, and on line 1 of declaration above 
 5a. 
5b. 
7a. Partnership's 2015 
COMPUTATION OF 
Un ncaporated Songless Tax 73.1 
130,319. I7b. Estimate of 2016 tax from line 6. 7b. 
130,514. 
INSTALLMENT - (,/) Check proper box below and enter amount indicated. Fiscal year taxpayers see mow:dons. 
8. 
Thhts declaration I 
April 18, 2016. enter 1/4 of line 7b 
Sept. 15, 2016. enter 1/2 of line lb• • • • 
is&s on: 
June 15. 2016. enter 1/3 of line 7b 
_ 
Jan. 15. 2017. enter amount of line 7h . . 18. 
32,630. 
9. 
Enter amount of overpayment on 2015 return which you elected to have applied as a croon against 2016 estimated tax  
9. 
22,537. 
10. Amount to be paid with this declaration (line 8 less line 9) (Payable o: !WCDEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) . . . . 10. 
Make remittance payable to the order of: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
Payment must be made In U.S. dollars, 
drawn on a U.S. bank. 
MAILING INSTRUCTIONS 
MAIL YOUR DECLARATION FORM TO: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
P. O. BOX 3923 
NEW YO • 
NY 10008-3923 
503650 2.000 
R66297 
1606 
198 
EFTA00806605
--- PAGE 200 ---
Dentlirmololirume 
NYC-5UB PARTNERSHIP DECLARATION OF 
ESTIMATED UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2016 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
and ending 
Business name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
In Care of 
2016 
Name rt 
Changel__J 
Business address (number and street) 
WATTS STREET 
City and State 
NEW YORK, NY 
Business Telephone Number 
hp Code 
10013 
Taxpayers Email Address 
Addressn 
Charge 
Country (if not US) 
Employer Identification Number 
13-3495607 
%OBES Code Mate( as per Federal Rehm) 
812990 
A. 
Payment Amount included with form - Make payable to: NYC Department of Finance. . A. 
Payment Amain 
1. 
Estimate of 2016 tax  
2. 
Amount to be paid with this declaration (Payable to: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) 
2. 
130,514. 
Signature of taxpayel: 
 Date  
To receive proper credit, you must enter your correct Employer Identification Number on your declaration and remittance. 
DETACH ON DOTTED LINE & MAIL UPPER PORTION. RETAIN LOWER PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS 
ESTIMATED TAX WORKSHEET 
• KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS • 
1. 
Net income from business expected in 2016 (see instructions) 
2. 
Exemption (see instructions)  
 2. 
3. 
Line 1 less line 2 (estimated taxable business income)  
3. 
4. 
Tax - enter 4% of line 3 (see instructions) 
5a. Business Tax Credit (I) (Check applicable box below and enter credit amount) 
Tax on line 4 is $3.400 or less. Your credo is the entire amount of tax on line 4. 
Tax on line 4 is $5.400 or over. No cretin is Mowed. Enter Tr. 
Tax on line 4 is over $3.400 but less than 55.400, use formula for credit amount: 
Tax on line 4 x ($5,400 minus tax on line 4) 
5b. O her credits (see 
instrucliont2/0O0 
5c. Total credits (add lines 5a and 5b)  
6. Estimated 2016 Unincorporated Business Tax (line 4 less line 5c) 
Enter here, on line 7b, and on line 1 of declaration above 
 5a. 
5b. 
7a. Partnership's 2015 Un nouporated Songless Tax 73.1 
130,319. I7b. Estimate of 2016 tax from line 6. 7b. 
COMPUTATION OF INSTALLMENT - (,/) Check proper box below and enter amount indicated. Fiscal year taxpayers see instructions. 
8. 
HMIs declaration 
April 18, 2016. enter 1/4 of line 7b 
_ 
Sept. 15, 2016. enter 1/2 of line lb• • • • 
heron: 
...X.. June 15.2016. enter 1/3 of line 7b 
Jan. 15.2017. enter amount of line 7b . . } 8. 
9. 
Enter amount of overpayment on 2015 return which you elected to have applied as a credo against 2016 estimated tax  
 9. 
10. Amount to be paid with this declaration (line 8 less line 9) (Payable o: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) . . . . 10. 
Make remittance payable to the order of: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
Payment must be made In U.S. dollars, 
drawn on a U.S. bank. 
130,514. 
32,630. 
22, 537. 
MAILING INSTRUCTIONS 
MAIL YOUR DECLARATION FORM TO: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
P. O. BOX 3923 
NEW YO • 
NY 10008-3923 
503650 2.000 
R66297 
1606 
199 
EFTA00806606
--- PAGE 201 ---
Mmultmolairume 
NYC-5UB PARTNERSHIP DECLARATION OF 
ESTIMATED UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2016 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
Business name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
In Care of 
and ending 
2016 
Name rt 
Changel__J 
Business address (number and street) 
WATTS STREET 
City and State 
NEW YORK, NY 
Business Telephone Number 
hp Code 
10013 
Taxpayers Email Address 
Addressn 
Change 
Country (if not US) 
Employer Identification Number 
13-3495607 
Signets Code Weber as per Federal Refute 
812990 
Panel Amount 
A. 
Payment Amount included with form - Make payable to: NYC Department of Finance 
A. 
20,200. 
1. 
Estimate of 2016 tax  
1. 
130,514. 
2. 
Amount to be paid with this declaration (Payable to: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) 
2. 
20,200. 
Signature of taxpayer: 
 Date  
To receive proper credit, you must enter your correct Employer Identification Number on your declaration and remittance. 
DETACH ON DOTTED LINE & MAIL UPPER PORTION. RETAIN LOWER PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS 
ESTIMATED TAX WORKSHEET 
• KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS • 
1. 
Net income from business expected in 2016 (see instructions) 
2. 
Exemption (see instructions)  
 2. 
3. 
Line 1 less line 2 (estimated taxable business income)  
3. 
4. 
Tax - enter 4% of line 3 (see instructions) 
5a. Business Tax Credit (I) (Check applicable box below and enter credit amount) 
Tax on line 4 is $3A00 or less. Your credit is the entire amount of tax on line 4. 
Tax on line 4 is $5.400 or over. No cretin is mowed. Enter Tr. 
Tax on line 4 is over $3.400 but less than $5.400, use formula for credit amount: 
Tax on line I x ($5,400 minus tax on line 4) 
5b. O her credits (see 
instrucliont2/0O0 
5c. Total credits (add lines 5a and 5b)  
6. Estimated 2016 Unincorporated Business Tax (line 4 less line 5c) 
Enter here, on line 7b, and on line 1 of declaration above 
 5a. 
5b. 
7a. Partnership's 2015 
COMPUTATION OF 
Un 
INSTALLMENT 
ncaporated Songless Tax 78.I 
130,319. I7b. Estimate of 2016 tax from line 6. 7b. 
130,514. 
- (,/) Check proper box below and enter amount indicated. Fiscal year taxpayers see mow:dons. 
8. 
dthis declaration 
heron: 
on: 
, April 18, 2016. enter 1/4 of line 7b 
June 15. 2016. enter 1/3 of line 7b 
I. Sept. 15, 2016. enter 1/2 of line lb• • • • 
Jan. 15. 2017. enter amount of line 7b . . 18. 
32,630. 
9. 
Enter amount of overpayment on 2015 return which you elected to have applied as a credo against 2016 estimated tax  
9. 
22,537. 
10. Amount to be paid with this declaration (line 8 less line 9) (Payable o: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) . . . . 10. 
20,200. 
Make remittance payable to the order of: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
Payment must be made In U.S. dollars, 
drawn on a U.S. bank. 
MAILING INSTRUCTIONS 
MAIL YOUR DECLARATION FORM TO: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
P. O. BOX 3923 
NEW YO • 
NY 10008-3923 
a 
5036502.a* 
R66297 
1606 
200 
EFTA00806607
--- PAGE 202 ---
Depatagololirume 
NYC-5UB PARTNERSHIP DECLARATION OF 
ESTIMATED UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2016 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
and ending 
Business name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
In Care of 
2016 
Name rt 
Changel__J 
Business address (number and street) 
WATTS STREET 
City and Sumo 
NEW YORK, NY 
Business Telephone Number 
hp Code 
10013 
Taxpayers Email Address 
Addressn 
Charge 
Country (if not US) 
Employer Identification Number 
13-3495607 
%Men Cede MAMA as Mt Fennel Return 
812990 
Pummel Amount 
A. 
Payment Amount included with form - Make payable to: NYC Department of Finance 
A. 
20,200. 
1. 
Estimate of 2016 tax  
1. 
130,514. 
2. 
Amount to be paid with this declaration (Payable to: NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) 
2. 
20,200. 
Signature of taxpayel: 
 Date  
To receive proper credit, you must enter your correct Employer Identification Number on your declaration and remittance. 
DETACH ON DOTTED LINE & MAIL UPPER PORTION. RETAIN LOWER PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS 
ESTIMATED TAX WORKSHEET 
• KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS • 
1. 
Net income from business expected in 2016 (see instructions) 
2. 
Exemption (see instructions)  
 2. 
3. 
Line 1 less line 2 (estimated taxable business income)  
3. 
4. 
Tax - enter 4% of line 3 (see instructions) 
5a. Business Tax Credit (I) (Check applicable box below and enter credit amount) 
Tax on line 4 is $3A00 or less. Your credo is the entire amount of tax on line 4. 
Tax on line 4 is $5.400 or over. No cretin is Mowed. Enter Tr. 
Tax on line 4 is over $3.400 but less than $5.400, use formula for credit amount: 
Tax on line 4 x ($5,400 minus tax on line 4) 
5b. O her credits (see 
instrucliont2).0O0 
Sc. Total credits (add lines 5a and 5b)  
6. Estimated 2016 Unincorporated Business Tax (line 4 less line 5c) 
Enter here, on line 7b, and on line 1 of declaration above 
 5a. 
5b. 
7a. Partnership's 2015 Un ncaporated Songless Tax 73.1 
130,319. I7b. Estimate of 2016 tax from line 6. 7b. 
130,514. 
COMPUTATION OF INSTALLMENT - (,/) Check proper box below and enter amount indicated. Fiscal year taxpayers see mow:dons. 
8. 
dthis declaration 
heron: 
, April 18, 2016. enter 1/4 of line 7b 
June 15. 2016. enter 1/3 of line 7b 
Sept. 15, 2016. enter 1/2 of line lb• • • • 
Jan. 15.2017. enter amount of line 7h . . 18. 
32,630. 
_X_ 
9. 
Enter amount of overpayment on 2015 return which you elected to have applied as a credo against 2016 estimated tax  
 9. 
22,537. 
10. Amount to be paid with this declaration (line 8 less line 9) (Payable o: !WCDEPARTMENT OF FINANCE) 
10. 
20,200. 
Make remittance payable to the order of: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
Payment must be made In U.S. dollars, 
drawn on a U.S. bank. 
MAILING INSTRUCTIONS 
MAIL YOUR DECLARATION FORM TO: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
P. O. BOX 3923 
NEW YO • 
NY 10008-3923 
a 
5036502.000 
R66297 
1606 
201 
EFTA00806608
--- PAGE 203 ---
Berdon LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
360 Madison Ave 
New York, NY 10017 
212-832-0400 
Next Management, LLC 
Instructions for Filing 
Form NYC-579-UBTP 
2015 Signature Authorization for E-filed UBT Return 
for the year ended December 31. 2015 
The original form should be signed (use full name) and dated by an authorized partner. 
The signed form should be returned on or before October 17, 2016 via: 
Email (preferred method) 
efileipherdonUp com 
Fax 
212.699.8832 
Mail 
Berdon LLP 
Attn: Tax Control 
360 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
We must receive your signed Form NYC-579-UBTP before we can electronically transmit your return. 
The return shows a $90,148 overpayment. Of this amount, $90,148 will be applied to your 2016 estimated tax. 
DO NOT separately file your tax return with the state. Doing so will delay the processing of your return. The state 
will notify us when your return is accepted. Your return is not considered filed until the state confirms their 
acceptance. which may occur after the due date of your return. 
EFTA00806609
--- PAGE 204 ---
NYC 
--- 
NYC 
579-UBTP 
NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
2015 
Signature Authorization for 
E-Filed Unincorporated Business Tax Return for Partnerships 
ELECTRONIC RETURN ORIGINATORS 
LEGAL NAME OF PARTNERSHIP: 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
EMAIL ADDRESS: 
ERO): DO NOT MAIL THIS FORM TO THE DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE. KEEP THIS FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 
13-3495637 
TYPE OF FORM: 
NYC-EXT H NYC-5UB 
NYC-204 
NYC-204EZ 
Financial Institution Information - must be Included it electronic payment Is authorized 
AMOUNT OF AUTHORIZED DEBIT: 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION ROUTING NUMBER: 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
Part A - Declaration and authorization of Partner or limited liability company member manager 
Under penalty of perjury. I declare that I am the general partner or limited liability company manager of the taxpayer and that I have examned the information on its 2015 New 
York City electronically filed Unincorporated Business Tax return. including any accompanying schedules. attachments and statements or other report and to the best of my know-
edge and belief. the electronically filed document is true. correct and complete. The ERO has my consent to send the 2015 New York City electron leafy filed Unincorporated 
Business Tax return or other report checked above to the New York City Department of Finance through the Internal Revenue Service. I authorize the ERO to enter my PIN 
as my signature on the 2015 New York City electronically filed Unincorporated Easiness Tax return or other report. as indicated above &twill enter my PIN as my signature 
on the document indicated above. If I am paying the New York City Unincorporated Business Tax owed by electronic funds withdrawal. I authorize the New York City De-
partmereof Finance and its designated financial agents to initiatean electronic fundswithdrawal from the financial institution account indicated on the Partnership's electronically 
filed the Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report. and I authorize the financial institution to debt the amount from that account. 
E I authorize 
BERDON LLP 
 to enter my PIN • 
ERO FIRM NAME 
as my signature on the electronically filed 2015 Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report, as incricated above 
K 
As a general partner or limited liability company member manager. I will enter my PIN as my signature on the electronically filed 2015 Unincorpo-
rated Business Tax return or other report, as indicated above. 
PRES OF MEMBER-MGR 
Signature of General Partner or Limited Liability Company Member Manager 
Official title 
26689
Date 
Part B - Declaration of electronic return originator (ERO) and paid preparer 
Under penalty of perjury. I declare that the information contained in the above-named pannership's or limited liability company's 2015 New York City electronically tiled 
Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report. as indicated above. is the information furnished to me by the taxpayer. If the taxpayer furnished me with a completed 
2015 New York City paper Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report signed by a paid preparer. I declare that the information contained in the electronically 
filed Unincorporated Business Tax return or other report is identical to that contained in the paper return. If I am the paid preparer. under penalty of perjury I declare 
that I have examined this electronically filed 2015 Unincorporated Goalless Tax Return or other report. and to the best of my knowledge and belief. the return or other 
report is true. correct and complete. I have based this declaration on all the information available to me. 
ERO EFINIPIN: Enter your six-digit EFIN followed by your live digit PIN.
ERO's Signature 
Paid Preparers Signature 
MARC YATKOWSKY 
Print Name 
26377413048
MARC YATKOWSKY 
Print Name 
Date 
Date 
PURPOSE - A completed Form NYC-579-UBTP provides documental on that an ERO has been authorized to electronically file an Unincorporated Business Tax 
Return or other report foe a taxpayer. The general partner or limited liability company manager of the taxpayer may designate the ERO to electronically sign the return 
or report by entering the personal identification number (PIN). The torn also authorizes payment of tax due on an electronically submitted return or report by 
an automatic clearing house (ACH) debit from a designated checking or saving account of the partnership. You cannot revoke this authorization. 
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS 
Part A- Part A must be completed by the general partner or limited liability company manager of the taxpayer before the ERO transmits the electronically filed 
Form NYC-204 (Unincorporated Rosiness Tax Return for Parinershps. including Limited Liability Companies): NYC-204E2 (Unincorporated Business Tax 
Return for Partnerships. includng Limted Liability Companies EZ Form): NYC-EXT (Application for 6-Month Extension to File Business Income Tax Return): 
or NYC-5(1B (Declaration of Estimated Unincorporated Business Tax for Partnerships). 
EROsipald preparers must complete Part 8 prior to transmitting electronically filed unincorporated business tax returns or reports (Forms NYC-204. NYC-204E2. NYC-
EXT or NYC-SUB). Both the paid tamperer and the ERO are required to sign Part B. However. II an indivolual performs as both the pad preparer and the ERO. he or she 
is only required to sign as the paid preparer. Ito not necessary to include the ERO signature in this case. 
Do not mail Form NYC-579-UBTP to the Department of France. The EROsrpaid preparers must keep the completed Form NYC-579.UBTP for three years from 
the due dale of the return or report or the date the return or report was filed. whichever is later. and must present it to the Department of Finance upon request. 
5O3653 t. 000 
R66297 
1608 
NYC-579.UBTP 2015 
197 
EFTA00806610
--- PAGE 205 ---
NYC-204
y
Single member Lles using SSN as their primary identifier must use Form NYC-202 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX RETURN 2015 
FOR PARTNERSHIPS (INCLUDING LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANIES) 
For CALENDAR YEAR 20150r FISCAL YEAR begillelkl 
Name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
In Cared 
Name 
Change 
Address (number and SIMI) 
WATTS STREET 
City and Stale 
NEW YORK, NY 
Business Telephone Nurnbct 
Zp Code 
10013 
Address 
Criange 
County fil net US) 
Date bosoms began n NYC 
01-04-89 
Date tosness ended in NYC 
Entity Type: 
general pa 
- 
Amended return 
2015, end ending 
TAXPAYERS EWUL ADDRESS 
Elkes1.0YER IDENTIFICATION NUNGER 
13-3495607 
BUSNESS CODE NUMBER AS PER FEDERAL RETURN 
812990 
ip 
registered lensed fabldy partn 
limited partners,* 
II tee purpose of tee amended return ts to report a 
lecleial or ONO Change. check the aPPICOMN box 
- 
Final return • ceased eperabons 
- 
Engaged in a fullyexempt unincorpaoted business suety 
- 
Claim any 9I11,01.related federal lax benefits (see IOSONCIIVISI 
limited habely company 
- 
IRS change 
Date cd Final 
— 
NTS dung° 
Determination  
Federal Return filed: X 
1060 
10604 
- 
Engaged in a partiallyexempt unincorporated busmocs =tray 
Enter 2.charaMm special condition code. if apphcable (see instructions) 
SCHEDULE A Computation of Tax 
A. Payment 
1. 
2. 
3a. 
3b. 
4. 
BEON wmiSCH5XIIE BON FADE 3. COMPLETE ALL OTHER SCIEDULES. TRANSFERAPPLICABLE PA1OUNTS TO SCHEDULE A 
Payment Awoke 
Amount being paid electronically with this return 
A. 
Business income (from page 3. Schedule B,
 31)  
1. 
Business allocation percentage from Schedule E. line 5. (if not allocating, enter 100%)  
 2. 
If line 2 is less than 100%. enter income or loss on NYC real property (see instructions)  
3a. 
Enter allocated business income, or subtract business loss, from other partnerships (see instructions). 
3b. 
Balance (line 1 less line 3a) 
4. 
5. Multiply line 4 by the business allocation percentage from line 2  
5. 
6. Total of lines 3a and 3b. (see instructions) 
6. 
7a. Investment income (from page 3. Schedule B, hne 30)  
7a. 
7b. Add allocated investment income, or subtract investment loss. from other partnerships (see ins(t) 
  7b. 
8. Investment allocation percentage (TAP) (from page 4. Schedule D. line 2) 
9. Multiply line 7a by the IAP from line 8. Add the amount on hne 7b. (see instructions)  
5,512,248. 
65.79 % 
5,512,248. 
3,626,508. 
10. Total before NOL deduction (See instructions)  
11. Deduct NYC net operating loss deduction (from Form NYCNOLD-UBTP. hne 11) (see instructions) 
12. Balance before allowance for active partners' services (line 10 less line 11)  
13. Less: allowance for active partners' services (it line 12 is a loss. enter "0') (see instructions) 
Number of active partners claimed  
14. Balance before specilic exemption (line 12 less line 13)  
15. Less: specific exemption (see instructions and attach schedule) (if line 12 is a loss, enter '0") 
16. Taxable income (line 14 less line 15)  
17. Tax before business tax credit (4% of amount on line 16) 
18. Less: business tax credit (select the applicable credit condition from the sch. on page 2 and 
enter amount) (see instructions) 
 18. 
19. Total tax before Unincorporated Business Tax paid credit (line 17 less line 18) (see instructions)  
 19. 
20. Less: Ur Paid Credit (from Schedule A. line 3 of attached Form NYC-114.7) (see instructions) 
20. 
21. UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAY (line 19 less line 20) (If the balance is less than '0% enter "0) (see kW.) 
21. 
• 
9. 
10. 
11. 
12. 
13. 
14. 
15. 
16. 
17. 
3,626,508. 
3,626,508. 
30,000. 
3,596,508. 
5,000. 
3,591,508. 
143,660. 
143,660. 
13,341. 
130,319. 
60411510 
TIM RETURN MUST BE SIGNED, (SEE PAGE 6 FOR SIGNATURE BOX AND MAILING INSTRUCTIONS) 
NYC-204 • EMS 
S036611.000 
EFTA00806611
--- PAGE 206 ---
Form NYC-204 -2015 
Page 2 
Name  NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
EMI 13-3495607 
SCHEDULE A 
Computation of Tax - Continued 
22a. Credits from Form NYC-114.5 (attach form) (see instructions)  
22a. 
22b. Credits from Form NYC-114.6 (attach form) (see instructions)  
22b. 
22e. Credits from Form NYC•114.8 (attach form) (see instructions)  
220. 
22d. Credits from Form NYC-114.10 (attach form) (see instructions)  
22d. 
23. Net tax alter credits (line 21 less sum of lines 22a, 22b. 22c and 22d) 
24. Payment of estimated tax. including credit from preceding year and payment with e 
NYC-EXT (see irlSfr.)  
25. II line 23 is larger than line 24. enter balance due  
28. II line 23 is smaller than line 24. enter overpayment  
27a. Interest (see instructions) 
27a. 
27b. Additional charges (see instructions)  
 27b. 
27e. 
27e. Penally for underpayment of estimated tax (attach Form NYC-221)  
28. Total of lines 27a. 27b aid 27c  
29. Net overpayment (line 26 less line 28) (see instructions) 
30. Amount of line 29 to be: 
(a) Refunded • 
Direct deposit - fill out line 30c OR 
Paper check 
(b) Credited to 2016 estimated taxon Form NYC•5UB  
30e RotAbig  
 Ammo. 
NwOw 
 NwOw 
31. TOTAL REMITTANCE DUE (see instructions)  
32. NYC rent deducted on lederal tax return or NYC rent from Schedule E. Part 1. 
(THIS LINE MUST BE COMPLETED)  
33. Gross receipts or sales from federal return  
34. Total assets from federal return.  
Business Tax Credit Computation I 
130,319. 
elision, 
23. 
24. 
20, 4 67. 
25. 
90, 1 4 8. 
28. 
29. 
90, 1 4 8. 
30a. 
30b. 
90, 1 4 8. 
ACCOUNT TYPE 
Chocking — 
Sings_ 
31. 
32. 
596,104. 
33. 
20,059,894. 
34. 
16, 760, 866. 
1. II the amount on page 1, line 17, is $3.400 or less, your credit on line 18 is the entire amount of tax on line 17. 
(NO TAX WILL BE DUE) 
2. II the amount on page 1, line 17, is $5.400 or over. no credit is allowed. Enter '0" on line 18. 
3. II the amount on page 1, line 17, is over $3.400 but less than $5.400. your credit is computed by the following formula: 
tax on page 1. line 17X (0,400 minus tax on line 17 ) 
_ 
 = your credit 
$2,000 
Payments of Estimated Tax Computation 
PREPAYMENTS CLAIMED ON SCHEDULE A, UNE 24 
DATE 
AMOUNT 
A. Payment with declaration. Form NYC-5UB (1) 
B. Payment with Notice of Estimated Tax Due (2) , , , , 
C. Payment with Notice of Estimated Tax Due (3) . . . . 
D. Payment with Notice of Estimated Tax Due (4) , , , , 
E Payment with (Mansion. Form NYC-EXT  
F. Overpayment credited from practicing year  
a TOTAL of A through F. (Enter on Schedule A. Ine 24) .  
06-18 —15 
25,000. 
09-01 -15 
86,250. 
01-15 —16 
28,750. 
04-14 —16 
40, 000. 
40, 4 67. 
0, 4 67. 
60421510 
S038651.000 
EFTA00806612
--- PAGE 207 ---
Form NYC-204 -2015 
Page 3 
Name NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
EIN 13-3495607 
SCHEDULE B Computation of Total Income 
Part 1 Items of income, gain, loss or deduction 
1. Ordinary income (loss) from federal Form 1065, line 22 or 1065-B, Pad I, line 25 (see instr.) 
1. 
2,415,902. 
2. Net income (loss) from all rental real estate activity not included in Form 1065, line 22 or 1065-B, 
Part I, line 25 but included on federal Schedule K  
2. 
3. All portfolio income such as interest. dividends. royalties, annuity income and gain (lose) on the disposition of prcpeny not 
Included In Form 1065. line 22 or 1065.8. Part I. Ine 25. but included on lederal Sch. K (attach sch. of ell port loNc. income). 
3. 
17,910. 
4. Guaranteed payments to partners from federal Schedule K (see instructions) 
4. 
5. Payments to current and retired partners Included in other deductions from federal Form 1065. line 20 or 1065.8. Part I. line 23 5. 
6. Other income not included in Form 1065. line 22 or 1065-B. Part I. line 25. but included on federal Sch. K wpm ech co otter inxmo 6. 
7. Charitable contributions from federal Schedule K  
 7. 
103,335. 
8. °Met deductions included in Form 1065. fine 22 cr 10654. Peril. Me 25 end Pal Me 13. but nol allowed Ice VDT rettecneched) pee Mst) . 
8. 
9. Other income and expenses not included above that are required to be reported separately 
to partners (attach schedule) (see instructions)  
SEE STATEMENT 1 
9. 
-191,194. 
10. Total federal income (combine lines 1 through 9, do not include line 7)  
10. 
2,242,618. 
11. Subtract net income or gain (or add net loss) from rental, sale or exchange of real property 
situated outside NYC if included in line 10 above (attach schedule) (see instructions)  
11. 
12. Total income before New York City modifications (combine line 10 and line 11) 
12. 
2,242,618. 
Part 2 
New York City modifications (see instructions for Schedule a part 2) 
ADDITIONS 
ON OR SSN 
13. All Income taxes and Unincorporated Business Taxes 13. 
14. (a) Relocation credts  
 14a. 
(b) Expenses related to exempt income 
14b. 
(C) Depreciation adjustments (see Nutt and anech Form 
NYC-399 end/or NYC-3992)  
 14c. 
(d) Exempt Activities 
 14d. 
15. Other additions (attach schedules) (see instructions)  15. 
16. Total additions (add lines 13 through 15) 
PARTNER A 
PARTNERS 
PARTNER C 
TOTAL 
13-3508513 
13-3501977 
13-3682060 
74,659. 
55,107. 
47,995. 
13. 
177, 761. 
14a. 
14b. 
45,273. 
33,415. 
29,104. 14c. 
107,792. 
14d. 
1,324,625. 
977, 699. 
851, 545. 
15. 
3,153,869. 
1,444,557. 
1,066,221. 
928,644. 
16. 
3,439,422. 
SUBTRACTIONS 
PARTNER A 
PARTNERS 
PARTNER C 
TOTAL 
17. All income tax and Unincorporated Business Tax 
refunds (included in part 1)  
 17. 
17. 
18. Wages and salaries subject to federal jobs credit 
(attach federal Form 5884)  
18. 
18. 
19. Depreciation adjustment (see instr. and attach Form 
NYC-399 and/or NYC-3992)  
 19. 
25,190. 
18,594. 
16,193. 
19. 
59,977. 
20. Exempt Income (included in part 1. line 10) (see mstc) 20. 
20. 
21. 50% of dividends (see instructions)  
 21. 
21. 
22. Exempt Activities 
22. 
23. Other subtractions (attach schedule)(see Man/coons). 
2,722. 
2,008. 
1,750. 
23. 
6,480. 
24. Total subtractions (add lines 17 through 23). . 24. 
27,912. 
20,602. 
17,943. 
24. 
66,457. 
25. Combine lines 16 and 24 (total)  
25. 
3,372,965. 
26. Total income (combine lines 12 and 25) 
26. 
5,615,583. 
27. Less: Charitable contributions (not to exceed line 7, or 5% of line 26. whichever is less) 
27. 
103,335. 
28. Balance (line 26 less line 27)  
5,512,248. 
29. Investment income - (complete lines a through g below) (see instructions) 
Dividends from 
held for investment  
29a. 
(a) 
stocks 
(b) Interest from investment capital (include non-exempt governmental obligations) (Remise on rider) 
29b. 
(c) Net capital gain (loss) from sales or exchanges of securities held for Investment . . . . 29c. 
line 3 of Schedule D  
 29d. 
(d) Income from assets included on 
Add lines 29a through 29d inclusive  
29e. 
(e) 
ft) Deductions directly or indirectly attributable to investment income  
 29f. 
(9) Interest on bank accounts included in income reported 29g.
on line 29d  
30. Investment income 
29e less line 29f) (enter on page 1, Sch. A, line 7a) . . . 30. 
(line 
31. Business income (line 28 less line 30) (enter here and transfer this amount to page 1. Sch. A. line I.) 31. 
5,512,248. 
60431510 
503662 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
202 
EFTA00806613
--- PAGE 208 ---
Form NYC-204 - 2015 
Page 4 
Name NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
EIN 13-3495607 
SCHEDULE C I Partnership Information - THIS SCHEDULE MUST BE COMETED FOR PORTNERSHPS TO CLAIM ALLOWANCE FOR RYMER'S SERVCES 
AND FOR PARTERS TO CLAIM THE WI PAO CREDIT ON THEP LOT 
OCT 
BCT OR PIT RETURNS 
le. How many partners are in this partnership/ 
 PP. 
P. Number of active partners  
► 
Please provide the following information: Full Name and Address, Employer Identification Number or Social Security Number, check Yes or 
No if individual partner is a resident of NYC, enter type of partner (C if Corporation, S if S Corporation, I if Individual, P if Partnership, LLP or 
LLC, Off Other), check the appropriate box if partner is a general or a limited partner. 
A 
B 
C 
E 
F 
a 
H 
I 
Name and Zip Code Olalthin USA) 
Name and Country (if outside of USA) 
Interest 
% 
Pcycentago 
°I Inc 
Dewed 
to Eluanoss 
Is htholual 
Pan"' a 
Resent a 
NYC? ( i ) 
Farina 
Type 
Purina 
I a/I 
Employer Identification Numb& 
of
Social Security timber 
Pannots 
DisInbutim 
Share 
(see instr.) 
ParaMIS04,04 
ClIstributerto 
Share 
(see 6601 
YES 
NO 
at 
HINTED 
(a) 
% 
% 
% 
lb) 
SEE STATEMENT 2 
% 
%
(C) 
% 
%
(d) 
%
(e) 
%
TOTALS: 
100% 
SCHEDULE D (_Investment Capital and Allocation and Cash Election 
A 
DESCRIPTION OF INVESTMENT 
B 
No el Shares or 
Amount al 
Securities 
C 
Average 
Value 
D 
Liabilities 
Attributable to Invest- 
ment Carmel 
E 
Net Average Value 
(column C rams Sumo DI 
F 
Issuers 
Allocation 
Percentage 
G 
Value Allocated 
to NYC 
(column E X column F) 
LIST EACH STOCK AND SECURITY 
(USE RIDER IF NECESSARY) 
% 
1. Totals (Including Items on rider)  
 Ilio. 
2. Investment allocation percentage pine f0 chided 
3. cash - (To treat cash as Investment capital,  
you must Include It on this line.) 
4. Investment capital. Total of Mete and 3e 
by line I E. Round 
le 
to the nearest one hundredth of a percentage point) 
2. 
% 
le• 
ATTACH FEDERAL FORM 1065 OR 1065-B AND ALL ACCOMPANYING SCHEDULES 
INCLUDING THE INDIVIDUAL K-1s 
60441510 
503663 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
203 
EFTA00806614
--- PAGE 209 ---
Form NYC-204 - 2015 
Page 5 
Name NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
ALLOCA77ON 
 I 
ALLOCATION OF BUSINESS INCOME I 
EIN 
13-3495607 
NONALLOCATION 
Taxpayers who allocate income outside the City: 
I Taxpayers who do not allocate business income: 
- complete Schedule E Parts 1.2 and 3 (below) end 
- omit Schedule E. Parts 1 and 2 (below) 
• Enter percentage rounded to the nexest ono hindredth *lemma 
*pane on ached. A One 2 
- enter 100% on Schedule E. Part 3. line 5 and 100% on Schedule A. line 2 
LSCHEDULE E I Complete this schedule it business Is carried on both inside and outside New York City I 
Part 1 List location of each place of business INSIDE New York City, nature of activities at each location (manufacturing. sales dike, executive office. 
public warehouse, contractor. converter, etc.), and number of employees. their wages, salaries and duties at each location. 
Complete Address 
Rent 
Nature of Actmlies 
No. cl Employees 
Wars. Salanes. Etc. 
Oulias 
NJA3111MOISCIT 
WATTS ST. NY, NY 
Cl., 
NEW YORK 
SUR 
MY 
10011 
552,009. 
MODEL AGENCY 
8,376,027. BOOKING & AD 
NAOCAMOSTOCCT 
WATTS ST. —TKO TWELVE M 
Cr, 
NEW YORK 
,at
 APP :matt 
Inert 
re 
MY 
I 
10011 
Cr,
curt 
ID
44,095. 
PUBLIC RELATIONS 
80,496. BOOKING & AD 
wAocewo:nect 
Cr( 
Total 
rAn 
IID 
Part 2 
List location of each place of 
public warehouse, contractor, 
CWW.MOAMMSS 
NJOLCIAPOSMCIT 
1688 MERIDIAN AVE 
cm 
MIAMI 
NJAZIAMO.r4tT 
SAW 
FL 
212 
31101 
840 WILSHIRE BLVD. 
Cm 
BEVERLY HILLS 
cRR 
CA 
2.2 
90210 
NJAZIAMO .r4tT 
cry 
cnn 
2P 
NJAIRMD.WIT 
COY 
SUR 
2P 
Total 
596,104. 
8,456,523. 
usiness OUTSIDE New York City, nature of activities at each location (manufacturing, sales o lice, executive office, 
onverter, etc.), and number of employees, their wages, salaries and duties at each location. 
Flan, 
Nature el ACIWII06 
No. of Employees 
WC*. SSA* Elc 
Doles 
111,862. 
OFFICE 
988,189. BOOKING & AD 
100,455. 
OFFICE 
1,927,516. BOOKING & AD 
212,317. 
2,915,705. 
Part 3 I Formula Basis Allocation of Income I 
DESCRIPTION OF ITEMS USED AS FACTORS 
COLUMN A- NEW YORK CITY 
COLUMNS-EVERYWHERE 
COLUMN C 
1. Average value of the real and tangible 
personal properly of the business (see Usti) 
a Business real properly owned 
1a 
b. Business real properlyrented from others (rent x 8) 
lb. 
Business 
PERCENTAGE IN 
NEW YORK CITY 
(COLUMN A 
MOO BY 
COLUMN 8) 
4,768,832. 
6,467,368. 
168,776. 
194,521. 
e. 
tangible personal properly owned 
1c. 
d. auuwinpmiu, wizen.' Fenny MOS (ran wen ass .0> Id. 
4,937,608. 
6,661,889. 
74.1172 % 
e. Total of lines to-Id  
 le. 
741.1720 
1. Multiply Column C of line le by 10 
If 
2a. Wages. :alarms and other personal sante 
8,456,522. I 
11,372,227. 
74.3612 % 
compensalson pad to employees dreg the year . . 2a. 
743.6120 
2b. Multiply Column C of line 2a by 10 
2b 
13,400,728. 
21,043,361. 
63.6815 % 
Sa. Gross sales of merchandse or 
charges for services during the year 
3a 
3b. Multiply Column C of line 3a by 80  
SD 
5094.5200 
Weighted FactotAllocation 
ea 
is missing. etvole line 4a by the total of the 
Round to the nearest one hundredth of a percentage point . . . Ob. 
6579.3040 
Oa. Add Column C. lines If. 2b and 3b  
65.79 % 
Ob. Divide line 4a by 100 if no factors are missing. If abider 
weights of the factors present. Enter as percentage. 
A. Ye 2. See Instructions 
AND 2 LOCATED IN A PARTNERS HOME?  
OF AN OFFICE IN A PARTNER'S HOME?  
65.79 % 
Business ANocation Percentoge 
S. Enter percentage from line 4b. Transfer to page 1. Schedule 
6. IS ANY PLACE OF BUSINESS LISTED IN PARTS 
7. DID YOU CLAIM A DEDUCTION FOR EXPENSES 
YES 
X NO 
YES 
X NO 
ATTACH FEDERAL FORM 1065 OR 1065-B AND ALL ACCOMPANYING SCHEDULES INCLUDING THE INDIVIDUAL K-11 
60451510 
503664 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
204 
EFTA00806615
--- PAGE 210 ---
Form NYC-204 -2015 
Page 6 
Name 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
SCHEDULE F 
EIN  13-3495607
If you are taking a Net 
Operating Loss Deduction this year, please attach Form 
NYC-NOLD-UBTP. If you have a loss on Page 1, Line 10 which you are carrying 
forward, 
please 
attach Form 
NYC-NOLD-UBTP 
and 
enter 
that 
value on 
Line 
6. 
The following information must be entered for this return to be complete 
SCHEDULE G 
1. Nature of business or profession. MODELING AGENCY 
2. New York State Sales Tax ID Number: 
3. Did you file a New York City Partnership Return for the following years:. . .2013: x 
YES - 
NO 
2014: X 
YES 
_ 
NO 
If "NO,' state reason:  
4. If business terminated during the current taxable year, state date terminated. (mm-dd-w)  
(Attach a statement showing disposition of business property.) 
5. Has the Internal Revenue Service or the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance increased 
or decreased any taxable income reported in any tax period, or are you currently being audited/ 
YES 
x 
NO 
If "YES", by whom? . . 
Internal Revenue Semite 
State period(s): Beg.: 
End.: 
um.ODYY 
ktIAODYY 
New York State Department of Taxabon and Finance 
State period(s): Beg.: 
End.: 
IAA ODYY 
ktIA OD YY 
6. Has Form NYC-115 (Report of Federal/State Change in Taxable Income) been filed?  
YES 
.)_.0 NO 
7. Did you calculate a depreciation deduction by the application of the federal Accelerated C051 Recovery System (ACRS)? (seeMstr.) 
YES 
X 
NO 
8. Were you a participant in a "Safe Harbor Leasing' transaction during the period covered by this return/ 
YES 
.?( NO 
9. At any time during the taxable year, did the partnership have an interest in real property (including a leasehold 
interest) located in NYC or in an entity owning such real property/ 
  X YES 
- 
NO 
10. If "YES" to 9: 
a) Attach a schedule of the property. indicating the nature of the interest and including the street address. borough, block and lot number. 
b) Was any NYC real property (including a leasehold interest) or interest in an entity owning NYC real property, 
acquired or transferred with or without consideration/ 
YES 
X NO 
c) Was there a partial or complete liquidation of the partnership? 
YES 
X NO 
d) Was 50% or more of the partnership ownership transferred during the tax year. over a three-year period, or according to a plan? 
YES 
X NO 
11. If 'YES" to 10b, 10c or 10d, was a Real Property Transfer Tax Return filed?  
YES 
_ 
NO 
12. If 'NO" to 11, explain: 
13. Does this taxpayer pay rent greater than $200,000 for any premises in NYC in the borough of Manhattan south of 
96th Street for the purpose of carrying on any trade, business, profession, vocation or commercial activity/ 
  X YES 
_ 
NO 
14. If 'YES', were all required Commercial Rent Tax Returns Ned? 
 X YES 
— 
NO 
Please enter Employer Identification Number which was used on the Commercial Rent Tax Return. 
CERTIFICATION 
60461510 
503666 2.000 
I Malay canny Vol Oils town. incbtdava ant OcaamPsnOn0 Ma. ink. en Mal or not inanana0. WOW.  lea carnal Inn coal:ant 
I oulhoilt• be on.....eet a mire. to disonis Me return 
the In*PaW wtd Wk.,  04. InouNbnq  
YES X 
Signature of taxpayer: 
Preparers 
Preparers 
signature: 
emits name: MARC YATKOWSKY 
BERDON LLP 
360 MADISON AVE 
NEW YORK, NY 10017 
Firm's name 
A Address 
A hp Code 
Title: PRES OF MEMBE
Dale: 
Dale:
ISACONY 
Am.'s Email Address: 
Prewar. Social Security Number or Pliti 
P00002675 
Rims Employer Identification Number 
Check if 
13-0485070 
sea-employed 
MAILING INSTRUCTIONS 
Attach federal form 1065 or 1065-B and all accompanying schedules Including the Individual K-Is 
Make remittance payable to the order of NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE. Payment must be made In U.S. dollars and drawn on a U.S. bank. 
To receive proper credit you must enter your correct Employer Identification Number on your tax return and remittance. 
The due date for the calendar year 2015 return Is on or before Apr1118, 20 6. 
For fiscal years beginning in 2015, file on or before the 15th day of the fourth month following the close of the fiscal year. 
ALL RETURNS EXCEPT REFUND RETURNS 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UMNOORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
M. sox 6564 
BINGHAMTON. NY 13902-5564 
REMITTANCES 
PAY ONLINE WITH FORM NYC-200V 
AT NYC.GOWESERVICES 
OR 
Mail Payment and Form NYC-200V ONLY to: 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
. BOX 3646 
NEW YORK. NY 10008-3646 
RETURNS CLAIMING REFUNDS 
NYC DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
Box 5563 
BINGHAMTON, NY 13002-556.5 
R66297 
1608 
205 
EFTA00806616
--- PAGE 211 ---
NYC-114.7 
Chp.Invorti of Fttencr 
UBT PAID CREDIT 
2015 
UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAXPAYERS 
ATTACH TO FORM NYC-204 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2015 or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
2015 and ending 
• Pnnt or Type name as shonn on Form NYC-204 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LW 
V EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 
13-3495607 
SCHEDULE A 
la. Add total of amounts from Schedule B, line 9, for aN partnerships 
with respect to which you are claiming a credit (see instructions) 
la 
lb. Enter amount from Schedule D, line 9  
 lb. 
lc. Total of lines 1a and 1b  
 lc. 
2. Enter amount from Form NYC-204, Schedule A, line 19 
3. UBT PAID CREDIT - Enter the lesser of line lc and line 2 and transfer 
amount to Form NYC-204, Schedule A, line 20. 
13,341. 
13,341. 
143,660. 
13,341. 
SCHEDULE B 
A separate Schedule B must be completed for each partnership with respect to which you are claiming this credit. 
Name of partnership from %Mich you received a distributive 
share or guaranteed payment (distributing partnership): 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
EMPLOYER IDEN11FICA11ON NUMBER OF DISTRIBUTING PARTNERSHIP 
20-1354409 
1. Unincorporated business tax paid by distributing partnership (from Its Form NYC-204. Schedule A. line 23) 1. 
2. Credits taken by distributing partnership on its own return (from its Form NYC-204, Schedule A, 
line 20 and lines 22a through 22d) (see instructions) 
 2. 
3. Total of lines 1 and 2  
 3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
27,807.
27,807. 
Your distributive share percentage with respect to the distributing partnership (see instructions) 
•
• 4. 
47.977956 
Multiply line 3 by the percentage on line 4  
 5. 
13,341. 
Tax from Form NYC-204, Schedule A, line 17. modified if necessary (see instructions)  
 6. 
143,660. 
Tax from pro forma Form NYC-204, Schedule A, line 17 (see instructions) 
STMT 6 
 7. 
129,839. 
Subtract line 7 from line 6  
 8. 
13,821. 
Enter lesser of line 5 and line 8 here 
 9. 
13,341. 
COMPLETE SCHEDULES C AND D IF YOU HAVE UBT PAID CREDITS FROM PRECEDING YEARS THAT YOU MAY CARRY FORWARD TO 2015 
SCHEDULE C 
current year percentage • • lb 
current year pe centage • • 2b. 
current year pe centage • • 3b. 
current year pe centage • • 4b. 
current year pe centage • • 5b. 
current year pe centage • • 6b. 
current year pe centage • • 7b. 
1. 7th preceding year percentage . . .1a. 
2. 6th preceding year percentage . . .2a. 
3. 5th preceding year percentage . . .3a. 
4. 4th preceding year percentage . . .4a. 
5. 3rd preceding year percentage . . .5a. 
2nd preceding year percentage . . .6a. 
7. 1st preceding year percentage . . .7a.  
SCHEDULE D (see Instructions) 
APPLICABLE YEAR 
COLUMN A 
Credit Available in 2015 
COLUMN B 
COLUMN C 
Gabs Perccolatie 
COLUMN D 
COLUMN E 
Credit
 to 2016 
Column A Mous Column 13 
(II loss du" we. enter IV) 
Currentyear 
13,341. 
143,660. NA 
NA 
2. 7th preceding year 
130,319. 
3. 6th preceding year 
130,319. 
4. 5th preceding year 
130,319. 
5. 4th preceding year 
130,319. 
6. 3rd preceding year 
130,319. 
7. 2nd preceding year 
130,319. 
8. 1St preceding year 
130,319. 
9. Total Column 0, lines 2 through 8 (enter on Schedule A. line lb)  
9. 
NYC4Ia.p 2015 
61111510 
206 
EFTA00806617
--- PAGE 212 ---
Nycn7,399Z 
DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENTS FOR 
CERTAIN POST 9/10/01 PROPERTY 
For CALENDAR YEAR 2015  or FISCAL YEAR beginning 
Name (Print or Type) 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
and ending 
A Federal Form 4562 must accompany this form. 
• This schedule must be attached to your applicable New York City tax return. 
See instructions. 
• Use Schedule A2 to report modifications to the deductions for certain sport 
utility vehicles, not Schedule Al. See instructions. 
EMPLOYER ICENTIRCATION NUMBER 
13-3495607 
OR 
SOCIAL SECURITY MJMBER 
SCHEDULE Al 
Computation of allowable New York City depreciation for current year 
I Attach rider If necessary 
A 
Descnption 
of 
Property 
B 
Class of 
Property 
C 
Date Placed 
in Service 
mrn-ddly 
D 
Cost 
Or 
Other Baps 
E 
Accumulated NYC 
Depreciator, Taken 
an Prior Years 
F 
Federal Depreciation 
G 
Method of
Fvudng
Met 
Wrocoban 
H 
Lite 
or 
Rate 
I 
Allowable 
New York City 
Deprecation 
STMT 7 
is. Total columns D. E. F. and I  
556, 187. 
130,598. 
107, 792. 
69,977. 
Enter total of columns F and I on line 4 and line 5 of Schedule C below. (Sae instructions on back.) 
SCHEDULE A2 
Computation of NYC deductions for current year for sport utility vehicles t Attach rider if necessary 
A 
Description 
of 
Property 
Class of 
Property 
C 
Date Placed 
in Service: 
mm4d.yy 
D 
Cost 
or 
Other Basis 
E 
Accumulated NYC 
Deductions Taken 
in Prior Years 
F 
Federal 
Depreciation and 
Section 179 Deductions 
G 
1.1othod of 
Figurine 
tAt 
Deprecator 
H 
Life 
or 
Rale 
I 
Total Allowable 
New Yak Ctty 
Deductions 
lb. Total columns D. E. F. and I  
MCMI-2O15 
00811510 
We367S 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
207 
EFTA00806618
--- PAGE 213 ---
Form NYC-399Z 
Page 2 
SCHEDULE B 
Disposition adjustment 
I Attach rider If necessary 
For each Item of property listed below, determine the difference between federal and New York City deductions used in the computation of federal 
and New York City taxable income in prior yea's. 
• 
If federal deduction exceeds New York City deduction. subtract column E from column 0 and enter in column F. 
A II New York City deduction exceeds federal, subtract column I) from column E and enter in column G. 
A 
Description 
of Property 
B 
Class of 
Property 
(SCRS) 
C 
Date Placed 
in Service: 
m-del-yy 
D 
Total Federal 
Depreciation Taken 
E 
Total NYC 
Depreciation Taken 
F 
Adjustment 
(0 minus E) 
G 
Adjustment 
(E anus 0) 
2. Total excess federal deductions over NYC deductions (see instructions)  
3. Total excess NYC deductions over federal deductions (see instructions)  
SCHEDULE C 
Computation of adjustments to New York City income 
A. Federal 
B. New York City 
4. Enter amount from Schedule Al. line l a. column F  
4. 
5. Enter amount from Schedule Al. line la. column I  
6a. Enter amount from Schedule A2. line lb, Column F 
 Ba 
6b. Enter amount from Schedule A2. line lb, Column I  
 OM 
is. Enter amount from Schedule B. line 2  
 la 
7b. Enter amount from Schedule B. line 3  
 7b 
107,792. 
59,977. 
107,792. 
59,977. 
8. Totals: column A. Ines 4, 66 md 7b: column tines S. se and 7a . . 
8. 
Enter the amount on line 8. column A. as an addition and the amount on line 8. column B. as a deduction on the applicable New York City return. (See Instr.) 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
NOTE 
At the time of the drafting of these instructions, bonus 
depreciation provisions under section 168(k) of the 
Internal Revenue Code had expired for all property 
except for those provisions applicable to certain long-
lived and transportation property. Check the De-
partment of Finance website for any updates on 
federal legislation affecting depreciation. 
The Job Creation and Worker Assistance Act of 2002, 
P.L 107.147, (the "Act") allows taxpayers an additional 
percent depreciation deduction in the first year "qual-
if ied property is placed in service. The Act allows a 
simlar additional 30 percent first-year depreciation de-
duction for "qualified New York Liberty Zone property" 
and allows "qualified New York Liberty Zone leasehold 
improvements" to be depreciated over a five-year period 
00621510 
SY3676 1.000 
R66297 
1608 
using a straight-line method. The Act also allows an ad-
ditional first-year expense deduction of up to $35,000 for 
"qualified New Yodt Liberty Zone property" under RC 
§179 in addition to the otherwise allowable deduction. 
The Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 
2003, P.L 108.27, (the "2003 Act") increased the first 
year federal depreciation deduction for certain qualified 
property to 50%. 
The New York Liberty Zone generally encompasses an 
area of the borough of Manhattan below Canal Street. 
'Qualified property' (as defined in IRC §168(k)(2)) gen-
erally includes certain personal property acquired after 
September 10, 2001 and before January 1, 2005 and 
placed in service after September 10, 2001 and before 
January 1, 2005 or 2006 in certain circumstances.
i
 The 
2003 Act modified the definition of qualified property" 
to provide that to qualify for the 50% deduction, the 
property must be acquired after May 5, 2003 and before 
208 
EFTA00806619
--- PAGE 214 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM NYC-204 SUPPORTING STATEMENTS 
PORTFOLIO INCOME 
INTEREST INCOME 
17,910. 
TOTAL PORTFOLIO INCOME 
17,910. 
OTHER DISTRIBUTABLE ITEMS 
LESS: SECTION 179 EXPENSE DEDUCTION 
191,194. 
TOTAL OTHER DISTRIBUTABLE ITEMS 
-191,194. 
ALL INCOME TAXES AND UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAXES 
NYC UNICORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
152,391. 
NYC UBT TWO TWELVE 
24,570. 
CALIFORNIA LLC TAX 
800. 
TOTAL ADDITIONS TO INCOME AND UBT 
177,761. 
OTHER ADDITIONS 
INDIRECT COMPENSATION TO PARTNERS 
AMORTIZATION OF SECTION 754 GOODWILL 
3,069,725. 
84,144. 
TOTAL OTHER ADDITIONS 
3,153,869. 
OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT FROM PASSTHROUGH 
6,480. 
TOTAL OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
6,480. 
SXX043 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
209 
EFTA00806620
--- PAGE 215 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM NYC-204 SUPPORTING STATEMENTS 
FOR' NYC-2D4 SCHEDULE C - PARTNERSHIP INFORMATION 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
PERCENTAGE OF 
IS INDIVIDUAL 
PARTNER'S 
PERCENTAGE OF 
TINE DEVOTED 
PTR A NYC RES 
PARTNER 
PARTNER 
DISTRIBUTIVE 
DISTRIBUTIVE 
INTEREST % 
TO BUSINESS 
YES 
NO 
TYPE 
GEN LIM 
FEIN OR ESN 
SHARE 
SHARE 
CLAXON INC 
42.000000 
100.00 
X 
c 
X 
12.-3508512. 
2,115,104. 
41.999997 
C/0 NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10011 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
11.000000 
100.00 
X 
s 
X 
11-3501977 
1,706,797. 
11.000002 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10013 
THE NILCOR GROUP, INC. 
27.000000 
100.00 
X 
s 
X 
11-3662040 
1,406,307. 
27.000001 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10011 
R66297 
1608 
210 
STATEMENT 
EFTA00806621
--- PAGE 216 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM NYC 204 PARTNER INFORMATION 
**INFORMATION FOR NYC RESIDENTS TO COMPLETE FORM IT-219** 
PARTNER NUMBER 
PARTNER NAME AND I.D. 
CLAXON INC 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3508513 
NAME OF PARTNERSHIP  
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PARTNERSHIP YEAR END  
12/31/2015 
EMPLOYER ID NUMBER 
13-3495607 
1. TOTAL NET TAX AFTER CREDITS (LINE 23)  
130,319. 
2. TOTAL UBT PAID CREDIT (LINE 20)  
13,341. 
3. ADD LINE 1 AND 2  
143,660. 
4. PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL DISTRIBUTIVE SHARES FROM NYC-204 
41.999997 
5. MULTIPLY LINE 3 BY LINE 4  
60,337. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31.000 
R66297 
1608 
211 
EFTA00806622
--- PAGE 217 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM NYC 204 PARTNER INFORMATION 
**INFORMATION FOR NYC RESIDENTS TO COMPLETE FORM IT-219** 
PARTNER NUMBER 
PARTNER NAME AND I.D. 
PARTNERSHIP HOLDING CORP. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3501977 
NAME OF PARTNERSHIP  
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PARTNERSHIP YEAR END  
12/31/2015 
EMPLOYER ID NUMBER 
13-3495607 
1. TOTAL NET TAX AFTER CREDITS (LINE 23)  
130,319. 
2. TOTAL UBT PAID CREDIT (LINE 20)  
13,341. 
3. ADD LINE 1 AND 2  
143,660. 
4. PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL DISTRIBUTIVE SHARES FROM NYC-204 
31.000002 
5. MULTIPLY LINE 3 BY LINE 4  
44,535. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31.000 
R66297 
1608 
212 
EFTA00806623
--- PAGE 218 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM NYC 204 PARTNER INFORMATION 
**INFORMATION FOR NYC RESIDENTS TO COMPLETE FORM IT-219** 
PARTNER NUMBER 
PARTNER NAME AND I.D. 
THE WILCOR GROUP, INC. 
C/O NEXT MANAGEMENT LLC 
13-3682060 
NAME OF PARTNERSHIP  
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PARTNERSHIP YEAR END  
12/31/2015 
EMPLOYER ID NUMBER 
13-3495607 
1. TOTAL NET TAX AFTER CREDITS (LINE 23)  
130,319. 
2. TOTAL UBT PAID CREDIT (LINE 20)  
13,341. 
3. ADD LINE 1 AND 2  
143,660. 
4. PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL DISTRIBUTIVE SHARES FROM NYC-204 
27.000001 
5. MULTIPLY LINE 3 BY LINE 4  
38,788. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31.000 
R66297 
1608 
213 
EFTA00806624
--- PAGE 219 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM NYC-114.7 SUPPORTING STATEMENTS 
NYC 114.7 - COMPUTATION FOR LINE 7 
DISTRIBUTING PARTNERSHIP NAME 
TWO TWELVE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
EIN NUMBER 
20-1354409 
1. TAXABLE BUSINESS INCOME  
3,591,508. 
2. LESS DISTRIBUTIVE SHARE OF INCOME  
345,526. 
3. LINE 1 LESS LINE 2  
3,245,982. 
4. TAX: 4% OF LINE 3  
129,839. 
5. SALES TAX ADDBACK  
6. TOTAL TAX BEFORE BUSINESS CREDIT  
129,839. 
STATEMENT 
MUNI31A00 
R66297 
1608 
214 
EFTA00806625
--- PAGE 220 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
13-3495607 
FORM NYC-3992 SUPPORTING STATEMENTS 
NEI/ YORK CITY DEPRECIATION SCHEDULE Al 
A.DESCRIPTION OF ASSET 
B.CLASS 
[-DATE PUT 
D.COST 
E.ACCUMULATED 
F. FED. ACRS 
G.NETNOD N.LIFE 
1.22C 
OF PROP. EN SERVICE 
OR BASIS 
DEPRECIATION 
DEDUCTION 
\RATE 
DEPR. 
LEASEHOLD IKPRO-NY 
14,ACRS 
06/22/2003 
103,492. 
30,632. 
1,327. 
N39 
2,654. 
LEASEHOLD IIPRO-NY 
NACRS 07/24/2003 
26.020. 
7.666. 
134. 
N39 
669. 
LEASEHOLD IIPRO-NY 
14,ACRS 
08/12/2003 
17.758. 
5.176. 
228. 
N39 
455. 
LEASEHOLD IIPRO-NY 
14,ACRS 
09/12/2003 
128,435. 
37,185. 
1,647. 
N39 
3,293. 
LEASEHOLD IKPRO-NY 
14,ACRS 
10/28/2003 
16.767. 
4.820. 
215. 
N39 
430. 
LEASEHOLD IKPRO-NY 
14,ACRS 
11/19/2003 
41.921. 
11,971. 
532. 
N39 
1,076. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
14,ACRS 
01/16/2004 
5,649. 
1.589. 
72. 
N39 
145. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
14,ACRS 
02/17/2004 
7,686. 
2.143. 
99. 
N39 
197. 
LEASEHOLD IMPROVE-NY 
14,ACRS 
12/31/2004 
25.000. 
17,499. 
233. 
N15 
15.000 
1,665. 
LEASEHOLD 1NP -NY 
14,ACRS 
02/12/2008 
11.736. 
5.382. 
191. 
N15 
722. 
LEASEHOLD 1NP -NY 
14,ACRS 
12/19/2008 
16.000. 
6.535. 
533. 
N15 
1,066. 
SOFTWARE 
14,ACRS 
01/22/2015 
155,603. 
101.575. 
CS 
3.000 
47,545. 
TOTALS 
556,187. 
130.598. 
107.792. 
59,977. 
SXX063 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
215 
EFTA00806626
--- PAGE 221 ---
NEW YORK CITY 
SCHEDULE K-1 
EQUIVALENT 
Partners identification number 13-3508513 
Partners name, address, and ZIP code 
CLAXON 
INC 
C/O NEXT 
MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
WATTS 
STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW 
YORK, 
NY 10013 
SCHEDULE B - Computations 
Partner's Share of Income 
For calendar year 2015 or liscal year beginning 
ending 
LARTNER 
# 1 
Partnership's identification number 13-3495607 
Partnership's name, address, and ZIP code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 
001 3 
Amount 
Part 1 j items of Income, gain, loss or deduction I 
1. Ordinary income (loss) from federal Form 1065, line 22 (see instructions) 
 1. 
2. Net Income (loss) from all rental real estate activity not included in Form 1065. line 22. but Included on federal Schedule K, 
, 2. 
3. All portfolio income such as interest, dividends, royalties, annuity income and gain (loss) on the disposition 
of property not included in Form 1065. line 22 but included on federal Sch. K (attach soh. of &porno& income) 
3. 
4. Guaranteed payments to partners from federal Schedule K (see instructions)  
4. 
5. Payments to current and retired partners included in other deductions from federal Form 1065, line 20  
5. 
6. Other income not included in Form 1065, line 22 but included on federal Sch. K (attach soh. of other Income). 
6. 
7. Charitable contributions from federal Schedule K 
 7.I1 
43, 401 
8. Other deductions included in Form 1065, line 22 but not allowed for UBT (attach sched.) (see inst.). 8. 
9. Other income and expenses not included above that are required to be reported separately to 
partners (attach schedule) (see instructions) 
 SEE. STATEMENT .1. . . .9. 
10. Total federal income (combine lines 1 through 9, do not include line 7) 
 10. 
11. Subtract net income or gain (or add net loss) from rental, sale or exchange of real property 
situated outside NYC if included in line 10 above (attach schedule) (see instructions) 
 11. 
12. Total income before New York City modifications (combine line 10 and knell) 
Part 2 I New York City modifications 1 ADDITIONS and SUBTRACTIONS 
13. All income taxes and Unincorporated Business Taxes 
 SEE. STATEMENT .1.. . 13. 
14. (a) Relocation credits 
 14a. 
(b) Expenses related to exempt income  
 14b. 
(c) Depreciation adjustments (see Instr. and attach Form NYC-399)  
 14c. 
(d) Exempt Activities  
 14d. 
15. Other additions (attach schedule) (see instructions)  
 SEE. STATEMENT .1. 
15. 
16. Total additions (add lines 13 through 15)  
 16. 
17. All income tax and Unincorporated Business Tax refunds (included in part 1) 
 17. 
18. Wages and salaries subject to federal jobs credit(attach federal Form 5884)  
 18. 
19. Depreciation adjustment (see instr. and attach Form NYC-399) 
 19. 
20. Exempt income (included in part 1, line 10) (See instr.) 
 20. 
21. 50% of dividends (see instructions) 
 21. 
22. Exempt Activities  
 22. 
23. Other subtractions (attach schedule) (see instructions) 
 SEE. STATEMENT .1. 
23. 
24. Total subtractions (add lines 17 through 23)  
 24. 
25. Combine lines 16 and 24 
 25. 
26. Total income (combine lines 12 and 25) 
 26. 
27. Less: Charitable contnbutions (not to exceed line 7, or 5% of line 26, whichever is less) 
 27. 
28. Distributive Income (line 26 less line 27)  
 28. 
29. Investment income - (complete lines a through g below) (see instructions) 
(a) Dividends from stocks held for investment  
 29a. 
(b) Interest from Investment capital (include non-exempt governmental obligations) (denim on skier) 
 29b. 
(c) Net capital gain (loss) from sales or exchanges of securities held for investment  
 29c. 
(d) Income from assets included on line 3 of Schedule D  
 29d. 
(e) Add lines 29a through 29d inclusive  
 29e. 
(f) Deductions directly or indirectly attributable to investment capital 
29f 
(g) Interest on bank accounts included in income reported on line 29d 
.29g. 
30a. Investment income (line 29e less line 291 but not more than line 28) (enter on page 1. Schedule A. line 7) 
30a. 
30b. Investment income to be allocated (enter on page 1, Schedule A, Line 7a) (see instructions), 
30b. 
31. Business income (line 28 less line 30) (enter here and transfer this amount to page 1. Sch. A. line 1)  
31. 
1,014,678
7,522. 
-80,30
941,90
941,90
74,659
45,273
1,324,6
1,444,5
25,190
2,722
27,912
1,416,6
2,358,5
43,401
2,315,1
2,315,1
503675 3.000 R66297 
1608 
216 
EFTA00806627
--- PAGE 222 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PARTNER # 
13-3495607 
NEW YORK CITY SCHEDULE K-1 EQUIVALENT, SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PART 1, LINE 3 - PORTFOLIO INCOME 
INTEREST INCOME 
7,522. 
TOTAL PORTFOLIO INCOME 
7,522. 
PART 1, LINE 9 - OTHER ITEMS 
LESS: 
EXPENSE DEDUCTION FOR SECTION 179 
80,301. 
TOTAL OTHER ITEMS 
-80,301. 
PART 2, LINE 13 - ALL INCOME TAXES AND UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAXES 
NYC UNICORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
64,004. 
NYC UBT TWO TWELVE 
10,319. 
CALIFORNIA LLC TAX 
336. 
TOTAL ALL INCOME TAXES AND UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAXES 
74,659. 
PART 2, LINE 15 - OTHER ADDITIONS 
INDIRECT COMPENSATION TO PARTNERS 
AMORTIZATION OF SECTION 754 GOODWILL 
1,289,285. 
35,340. 
TOTAL OTHER ADDITIONS 
1,324,625. 
PART 2, LINE 23 - OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT FROM PASSTHROUGH 
2,722. 
TOTAL OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
2,722. 
SX.X083 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
217 
EFTA00806628
--- PAGE 223 ---
NEW YORK CITY 
Partner's Share of Income 
SCHEDULE K-1 
For calendar year 2015 or fiscal year beginning 
ending 
EQUIVALENT 
Partners identification number 13-35 
1 97 7 
Partners name, address, and ZIP code 
PARTNERSHIP 
HOLDING 
CORP. 
C/O 
NEXT 
MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
WATTS 
STREET 
6TH 
FLOOR 
NEW 
YORK, 
NY 10013 
SCHEDULE B - Computations 
LARTNER 
# 2 
Partnership's identification number 
3 -34 95 6 0 7 
Partnership's name, address, and ZIP code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 
001 3 
Amount 
Part 1 I Items of Income, gain, loss or deduction 
1. Ordinary income (loss) from federal Form 1065, line 22 (see instructions) 
 1. 
2. Net Income (loss) from all rental real estate activity not included in Form 1065. line 22. but Included on federal Schedule K, 
, 2. 
3. All portfolio income such as interest, dividends, royalties, annuity income and gain (loss) on the disposition 
of property not included in Form 1065. line 22 but included on federal Sch. K (attach soh. of &porno& income) 
3. 
4. Guaranteed payments to partners from federal Schedule K (see instructions)  
4. 
5. Payments to current and retired partners included in other deductions from federal Form 1065, line 20  
5. 
6. Other income not included in Form 1065, line 22 but included on federal Sch. K (attach sch. of other Income). 
6. 
7. Charitable contributions from federal Schedule K 
 7.I1 
32, 034 
8. Other deductions included in Form 1065, line 22 but not allowed for UBT (attach sched.) (see inst.). 8. 
9. Other income and expenses not included above that are required to be reported separately to 
partners (attach schedule) (see instructions) 
 SEE. STATEMENT .1. . . .9. 
10. Total federal income (combine lines 1 through 9, do not include line 7) 
 10. 
11. Subtract net income or gain (or add net loss) from rental, sale or exchange of real property 
situated outside NYC if included in line 10 above (attach schedule) (see instructions) 
 11. 
12. Total income before New York City modifications (combine line 10 and tine 11) 
Part 2 I New York City modifications 1 ADDITIONS and SUBTRACTIONS 
13. All income taxes and Unincorporated Business Taxes 
 SEE. STATEMENT .1. 
13. 
14. (a) Relocation credits 
 14a. 
(b) Expenses related to exempt income  
 14b. 
(c) Depreciation adjustments pee Instr. and attach Form NYC-399)  
 14c. 
(d) Exempt Activities  
 14d. 
15. Other additions (attach schedule) (see instructions)  
 SEE. STATEMENT .1. 
15. 
16. Total additions (add lines 13 through 15)  
 16. 
17. All income tax and Unincorporated Business Tax refunds (included in part 1) 
 17. 
18. Wages and salaries subject to federal jobs credit(attach federal Form 5884)  
 18. 
19. Depreciation adjustment (see instr. and attach Form NYC-399) 
 19. 
20. Exempt income (included in part 1, line 10) (see instr.) 
 20. 
21. 50% of dividends (see instructions) 
 21. 
22. Exempt Activities  
 22. 
23. Other subtractions (attach schedule) (see instructions) 
 SEE. STATEMENT .1, 
23. 
24. Total subtractions (add lines 17 through 23)  
 24. 
25. Combine lines 16 and 24 
 25. 
26. Total income (combine lines 12 and 25) 
 26. 
27. Less: Charitable contnbutions (not to exceed line 7, or 5% or line 26, whichever is less) 
 27. 
28. Distributive Income (line 26 less line 27)  
 28. 
29. Investment income - (complete lines a through g below) (see instructions) 
(a) Dividends from stocks held for investment  
 29a. 
(b) Interest from investment capital (include non-exempt governmental obligations) Menem on sidet) 
 29b. 
(c) Net capital gain (loss) from sales or exchanges of securities held for investment  
 29c. 
(d) Income from assets included on line 3 of Schedule D  
 29d. 
(e) Add lines 29a through 29d inclusive  
 29e. 
(f) Deductions directly or indirectly attributable to investment capital 
29f 
(g) Interest on bank accounts included in income reported on line 29d , .29g. 
30a. Investment income (line 29e less line 29f but not more than line 28) (enter on page 1. Schedule A. line 7) , 30a. 
30b. Investment income to be allocated (enter on page 1, Schedule A, Line 7a) (see instructions), 
30b. 
31. Business income (line 28 less line 30) (enter here and transfer this amount to page 1. Sch. A. line 1)  
31. 
748,93
5,552
-59,27
695,21
695,21
55,107
33,415
977,69
1,066,2
18,594
2,008
20,602
1,045,6
1,740,8
32,034
1,708,7
1,708,7
503675 3.000 R66297 
1608 
218 
EFTA00806629
--- PAGE 224 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PARTNER # 
13-3495607 
NEW YORK CITY SCHEDULE K-1 EQUIVALENT, SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PART 1, LINE 3 - PORTFOLIO INCOME 
INTEREST INCOME 
5,552. 
TOTAL PORTFOLIO INCOME 
5,552. 
PART 1, LINE 9 - OTHER ITEMS 
LESS: 
EXPENSE DEDUCTION FOR SECTION 179 
59,271. 
TOTAL OTHER ITEMS 
-59,271. 
PART 2, LINE 13 - ALL INCOME TAXES AND UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAXES 
NYC UNICORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
NYC UBT TWO TWELVE 
CALIFORNIA LLC TAX 
47,241. 
7,617. 
249. 
TOTAL ALL INCOME TAXES AND UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAXES 
55,107. 
PART 2, LINE 15 - OTHER ADDITIONS 
INDIRECT COMPENSATION TO PARTNERS 
951,614. 
AMORTIZATION OF SECTION 754 GOODWILL 
26,085. 
TOTAL OTHER ADDITIONS 
977,699. 
PART 2, LINE 23 - OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT FROM PASSTHROUGH 
2,008. 
TOTAL OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
2,008. 
SX.X083 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
219 
EFTA00806630
--- PAGE 225 ---
NEW YORK CITY 
SCHEDULE K-1 
EQUIVALENT 
Partners identification number 13— 3 6 82 0 60 
Partners name, address, and ZIP code 
THE 
WILCOR 
GROUP, 
INC. 
C/O NEXT 
MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
WATTS 
STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW 
YORK, 
NY 10013 
SCHEDULE B - Computations 
Partner's Share of Income 
For calendar year 2015 or liscal year beginning 
ending 
LARTNER 
# 3 
Partnership's identification number 
3 -3495607 
Partnership's name, address, and ZIP code 
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
WATTS STREET 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 
001 3 
Amount 
Part 1 I Items of Income, gain, loss or deduction 
1. Ordinary income (loss) from federal Form 1065, line 22 (see instructions) 
 1. 
2. Net Income (loss) from all rental real estate activity not included in Form 1065. line 22. but Included on federal Schedule K. 
2. 
3. All portfolio income such as interest, dividends, royalties, annuity income and gain (loss) on the disposition 
of property not included in Form 1065. line 22 but included on federal Sch. K (attach soh. of &porno& income) 
3. 
4. Guaranteed payments to partners from federal Schedule K (see instructions)  
4. 
5. Payments to current and retired partners included in other deductions from federal Form 1065, line 20  
5. 
6. Other income not included in Form 1065, line 22 but included on federal Sch. K (attach sch. of other Income). 
6. 
7. Charitable contributions from federal Schedule K 
 7.I1 
27, 900 
8. Other deductions included in Form 1065, line 22 but not allowed for UBT (attach sched.) (see inst.). 8. 
9. Other income and expenses not included above that are required to be reported separately to 
partners (attach schedule) (see instructions) 
SEE. STATEMENT 
.1. . . .9. 
10. Total federal income (combine lines 1 through 9, do not include line 7) 
10. 
11. Subtract net income or gain (or add net loss) from rental, sale or exchange of real property 
situated outside NYC if included in line 10 above (attach schedule) (see instructions) 
 11. 
12. Total income before New York City modifications (combine line 10 and fine 11) 
Part 2 I New York City modifications 1 ADDITIONS and SUBTRACTIONS 
13. All income taxes and Unincorporated Business Taxes 
SEE. STATEMENT 
.1... 13. 
14. (a) Relocation credits 
14a. 
(b) Expenses related to exempt income  
 14b. 
(c) Depreciation adjustments pea Instr. and attach Form NYC-399)  
 14c. 
(d) Exempt Activities  
 14d. 
15. Other additions (attach schedule) (see instructions)  
SEE. STATEMENT 
.1. 
15. 
16. Total additions (add lines 13 through 15) 
16. 
17. All income tax and Unincorporated Business Tax refunds (included in part 1) 
 17. 
18. Wages and salaries subject to federal jobs credit(attach federal Form 5884)  
 18. 
19. Depreciation adjustment (see instr. and attach Form NYC-399) 
 19. 
20. Exempt income (included in part 1, line 10) (sae Moir ) 
 20. 
21. 50% of dividends (see instructions) 
 21. 
22. Exempt Activities  
 22. 
23. Other subtractions (attach schedule) (see instructions) 
SEE. STATEMENT 
.1. 
23. 
24. Total subtractions (add lines 17 through 23) 
24. 
25. Combine lines 16 and 24 
 25. 
26. Total income (combine lines 12 and 25) 
 26. 
27. Less: Charitable contnbutions (not to exceed line 7, or 5% of line 26, whichever is less) 
 27. 
28. Distributive Income (line 26 less line 27)  
 28. 
29. Investment income - (complete lines a through g below) (see instructions) 
(a) Dividends from stocks held for investment  
 29a. 
(b) Interest from investment capital (include non-exempt governmental obligations) oeuvre on sidet) 
 29b. 
(c) Net capital gain (loss) from sales or exchanges of securities held for investment  
 29c. 
(d) Income from assets included on line 3 of Schedule D  
 29d. 
(e) Add lines 29a through 29d inclusive  
 29e. 
(f) Deductions directly or indirectly attributable to investment capital 
29f 
(g) Interest on bank accounts included in income reported on line 29d , .29g. 
30a. Investment income (line 29e less line 291 but not more than line 28) (enter on page 1. Schedule A. line 7) , 30a. 
30b. Investment income to be allocated (enter on page 1, Schedule A, Line 7a) (see instructions), 
30b. 
31. Business income (line 28 less line 30) (enter here and transfer this amount to page 1. Sch. A. line 1)  
31. 
652,293
4,836. 
-51,622.
605,506
605,506
47,995.
29,104.
851,545
928,644
16,193.
1,750. 
17,943.
910,701
1,516,207
27,900.
1,488,307
1,488,307
503675 3.000 R66297 
1608 
220 
EFTA00806631
--- PAGE 226 ---
NEXT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PARTNER # 
13-3495607 
NEW YORK CITY SCHEDULE K-1 EQUIVALENT, SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
PART 1, LINE 3 - PORTFOLIO INCOME 
INTEREST INCOME 
4,836. 
TOTAL PORTFOLIO INCOME 
4,836. 
PART 1, LINE 9 - OTHER ITEMS 
LESS: 
EXPENSE DEDUCTION FOR SECTION 179 
51,622. 
TOTAL OTHER ITEMS 
-51,622. 
PART 2, LINE 13 - ALL INCOME TAXES AND UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAXES 
NYC UNICORPORATED BUSINESS TAX 
NYC UBT TWO TWELVE 
CALIFORNIA LLC TAX 
41,146. 
6,634. 
215. 
TOTAL ALL INCOME TAXES AND UNINCORPORATED BUSINESS TAXES 
47,995. 
PART 2, LINE 15 - OTHER ADDITIONS 
INDIRECT COMPENSATION TO PARTNERS 
828,826. 
AMORTIZATION OF SECTION 754 GOODWILL 
22,719. 
TOTAL OTHER ADDITIONS 
851,545. 
PART 2, LINE 23 - OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
DEPRECIATION ADJUSTMENT FROM PASSTHROUGH 
1,750. 
TOTAL OTHER SUBTRACTIONS 
1,750. 
SX.X083 1.000 
STATEMENT 
R66297 
1608 
221 
EFTA00806632

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806633.pdf
----------------------------------------
07/09/2018 7:11 AM 
Compounding Period: 
Nominal Annual Rate: 
Monthly 
10.000% 
Cash Flow Data - Loans and Payments 
Event 
Date 
I Amount 
Number 
Period 
End Date 
Loan 
12/07/2017 
206,727.90 
Payment 
12/20/2017 
50,000.00 
Payment 
01/16/2018 
25,000.00 
Payment 
07/15/2018 
140,435.29 
TValue Amortization Schedule - Normal, 365 Day Year 
Date 
Payment 
Interest 
Principal 
Balance 
Loan 12/07/2017 
206,727.90 
12/20/2017 
50,000.00 
736.29 
49,263.71 
157,464.19 
2017 Totals 
50,000.00 
736.29 
49,263.71 
01/16/2018 
25,000.00 
1,164.80 
23,835.20 
133,628.99 
07/15/2018 
140,435.29 
6,806.30 
133,628.99 
0.00 
2018 Totals 
165,435.29 
7,971.10 
157,464.19 
Grand Totals 
215,435.29 
8,707.39 
206,727.90 
ANNUAL 
FINANCE 
Amount Financed 
Total of Payments 
PERCENTAGE 
CHARGE 
RATE 
The amount of credit 
The amount you will 
The dollar amount the 
Provided to you or on 
have paid after you 
The cost of your credit 
as a yearly rate. 
credit will cost you. 
your behalf. 
have made all 
payments as 
scheduled. 
10.058% 
$8,707.39 
$206,727.90 
$215,435.29 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00806633

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806634.pdf
----------------------------------------
NY, NY 10016 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
BUDGET MINISTRY OF COTE D'IVOIRE, Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire 
2014 — 2017 
Director of Communications, Public Relations and Strategy 
• 
Spearheaded the social media strategy (Twitter, YouTubc, and Facebook), which generated 150,000 
followers in a year (2n" only to the President in terms of followers for a public figure) 
• 
Oversaw the preparation and distribution of marketing/PR contents, managing three different teams and 
all public events including press releases, press conferences, new program launches, and marketing 
initiatives 
• 
Facilitated 50-F interviews for the Minister in top media outlets in Europe and Africa such as FT, Reuters, 
France 24, CCTV, BBC, Jeune Afrique, Le Monde; arranged keynote speeches at global conferences 
including Financial Times in London on Infrastructure in Africa and Harvard African Business 
Conference 
• 
Co-created and oversaw the Ministry's first bilingual website, which reached a broader foreign investors 
audience bolstering transparency initiatives on investments (weekly visits averaging 3000) 
• 
Founded Les Echos du Budget, the first bilingual bimonthly online and print magazine. Served as editor 
in chief, marketing/creative director, and content lead for the magazine 
RADIO TELEVISION IVOIRIENNE & FRATERNITE MATIN, Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire 
2014 — 2016 
RTI is a state-owned television station, and Fraterniti Matin is a state-owned newspaper 
Board member, Member of Audit, Risks & Governance Committees, Abidjan. Cote d'Ivoire 
• 
Advised Executive Chairman of the Board and Managing Directors on corporate strategy, formulating 
and approving strategic plans to increase revenue and cut costs 
• 
Developed and launched successful media transformation. As a committee member, devised plan which 
created a separate broadcasting entity which allowed the state controlled TV to maintain revenues during 
migration from analogue transmitters to Digital Terrestrial Television (DTT) 
• 
Generated $4 million cost-savings for Fratemite Matin, which averted bankruptcy and enabled new 
investments 
KARIN MODELS, FORD MODELS, WILHELMINA MODELS, NEXT MODELS 
1999 — 2014 
Model, Various locations (Paris, New York, and many others) 
• 
Model in 50+ campaigns (cosmetics, advertising, catalogs, TV, magazines, and runway) including 
Gamier Fructis Europe, Old Navy, MAC, Cover Girl, Express, Bloomingdales, Benetton, Kenzo, Guy 
Laroche, Issey Miyake, Iman Cosmetics (3 different campaigns), Black up Cosmetics (2 
campaigns),Tommy Hilfiger, Coach 
• 
Appeared in 50+ magazines including Vogue US, Italian Vogue, Elle Rance, Elle US, Teen Vogue, 
V magazine, and more, appearing on magazine covers for WWD (twice), Luire, and Clam 
• 
Worked effectively in developing relationships with top clients, photographers, agencies, designers while 
juggling multiple assignments in a very competitive and high pressure environment 
EDUCATION 
COLUMBIA BUSINESS SCHOOL, New York, NY 
2016 — 2018 
• 
MBA, Executive Program, Concentration: Marketing, Management 
Member. Retail and Luxury Goods Club, Black Business Student Association, Columbia Entrepreneurs 
Organization, Columbia Women in Business, 
Leadership: Teaching Assistant for the Executive MBA Seminar "Global Entrepreneurship" 
Study abroad: China (International Seminar), Hong Kong University 
ECOLE SUPERIEURE DES SCIENCES COMMERCIALES D'ANGERS, Angers, France 
2000 —2005 
BS and M.S in International Business 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Work authorization: Permanent US resident 
Certification: Management Excellence and Lean Six Sigma Green Belt 
Languages: French (Native), English (Fluent) 
Interests: Fashion, traveling (30+ countries), sports (skydiving, PADI certified scuba diving, Pilates, Yoga) 
EFTA00806634

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806635.pdf
----------------------------------------
BAINCO 
International 
Investors 
Avram Noam Chomsky IRA Rollover with 
Other Assets 
As of 12/31/2017 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Account Appraisal 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
Avram Noam Chomsky IRA Rollover with Other Assets 
■ Equities 
■ Communication Services 
AT&T INC COM 
400.00 
13,545.20 
38.88 
15,552.00 
0.62 % 
5.14 % 
800.00 
VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC COM 
700.00 
33,138.98 
52.93 
37,051.00 
1.49% 
4.46% 
1.652.00 
■ Total Communication Services 
46,684.18 
52,603.00 
2.11% 
4.66% 
2.452.00 
■ Consumer Discretionary 
AMAZON COM INC COM 
30.00 
17,840.09 
1,169.47 
35,084.10 
1.41 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
COMCAST CORP NEW CL A 
600.00 
20,187.45 
40.05 
24,030.00 
0.96 % 
1.57 % 
378.00 
DISNEY WALT CO COM 
400.00 
16,601.16 
107.51 
43,004.00 
1.72 % 
1.56 % 
672.00 
HOME DEPOT INC COM 
50.00 
3,787.98 
189.53 
9,476.50 
0.38 % 
1.88 % 
178.00 
TJX COS INC NEW COM 
100.00 
A578.55 
76.46 
7,646.00 
0.31 % 
1.63 % 
125.00 
■ Total Consumer Discretionary 
62,995.23 
11%240.60 
4.78% 
1.13% 
1,353.00 
Consumer Staples 
COCA COLA CO COM 
500.00 
17,148.75 
45.88 
22,940.00 
0.92 % 
3.23 % 
740.00 
KRAFT HEINZ CO COM 
400.00 
16,245.15 
77.76 
31,104.00 
1.25 % 
3.22 % 
1,000.00 
PROCTER AND GAMBLE CO COM 
350.00 
20,119.96 
91.88 
32,158.00 
1.29% 
3.00% 
965.44 
Total Consumer Staples 
53,513.86 
86,202.00 
3.46% 
3.14% 
2,705.44 
Energy 
EOG RES INC COM 
300.00 
20,032.52 
107.91 
32,373.00 
1.30 % 
0.62 % 
201.00 
EXXON MOBIL CORP COM 
500.00 
42,372.95 
83.64 
41,820.00 
1.68 % 
3.68 % 
1,540.00 
SCHLUMBERGER LTD COM 
250.00 
19,422.17 
67.39 
16,847.50 
0.68 % 
2.97 % 
500.00 
Total Energy 
81,827.64 
91,040.50 
3.65% 
2.46% 
2,241.00 
■ Financials 
BANK AMER CORP COM 
1,500.00 
13,854.20 
29.52 
44,280.00 
1.78% 
1.63% 
720.00 
GMT CORP COM 
600.00 
16,868.10 
49.72 
29,832.00 
1.20 % 
2.65 % 
792.00 
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC DEL CL B NEW 
100.00 
14,376.32 
198.22 
19,822.00 
0.79 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
BLACKROCK INC COM 
50.00 
7,952.39 
513.71 
25,685.50 
1.03 % 
1.95 % 
500.00 
EFTA00806635
--- PAGE 2 ---
BAINCO 
1111(111, 1n, 
Avram Noam Chomsky IRA Rollover with 
Other Assets 
As of 12/31/2017 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Account Appraisal 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
CHUBB LIMITED COM 
40.00 
2,977.00 
146.13 
5,845.20 
0.23% 
1.94% 
113.60 
FINANCIAL SELECT SECTOR SPDR FUND 
3,000.00 
58,600.35 
27.91 
83,730.00 
3.36% 
1.48% 
1,237.42 
FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES INC COM 
150.00 
4,012.57 
192.43 
28,864.50 
1.16 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
MARSH & MCLENNAN COS INC COM 
450.00 
16,229.83 
81.39 
36,625.50 
1.47 % 
1.84 % 
675.00 
US BANCORP DEL COM NEW 
700.00 
19,830.30 
53.58 
37,506.00 
1.50 % 
2.24 % 
840.00 
VISA INC COM CL A 
200.00 
2,944.44 
114.02 
22,804.00 
0.91 % 
0.68 % 
156.00 
N Total Financials 
157,645.50 
334.994.70 
13.43% 
1.50% 
5,034.02 
E Healthcare 
ABBVIE INC COM 
300.00 
9,333.53 
96.71 
29,013.00 
1.16 % 
2.94 % 
852.00 
BIOGEN INC COM 
75.00 
27,976.78 
318.57 
23,892.75 
0.96 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
BIOVERATIV INC COM 
37.00 
2,322.25 
53.92 
1,995.04 
0.08 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
BRISTOL MYERS SQUIBB CO COM 
500.00 
27,734.85 
61.28 
30,640.00 
1.23 % 
2.61 % 
800.00 
CELGENE CORP COM 
300.00 
11,910.67 
104.36 
31,308.00 
1.26 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
DANAHER CORP DEL COM 
100.00 
5,509.97 
92.82 
9,282.00 
0.37 % 
0.60 % 
56.00 
JOHNSON & JOHNSON COM 
200.00 
13,158.36 
139.72 
27,944.00 
1.12 % 
2.40 % 
672.00 
MERCK & CO INC COM 
500.00 
22,664.95 
56.27 
28,135.00 
1.13% 
3.41 % 
960.00 
E Total Healthcare 
120,611.36 
182.209.79 
7.31% 
1.83% 
3,340.00 
El Industrials 
FORTIVE CORP COM 
50.00 
1,714.28 
72.35 
3,617.50 
0.15 % 
0.39 % 
14.00 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO COM 
600.00 
13,182.00 
17.45 
10,470.00 
0.42 % 
2.75 % 
288.00 
INDUSTRIAL SELECT SECTOR SPDR FUND 
400.00 
25,360.70 
75.67 
30,268.00 
1.21 % 
1.77 % 
535.15 
UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC CL 8 
200.00 
15,178.46 
119.15 
23.830.00 
0.96% 
2.79 % 
664.00 
a Total Industrials 
55,435.44 
68.185.50 
2.73 % 
2.20 % 
1.501.15 
E Information Technology 
ALPHABET INC CAP STK CL A 
25.00 
6,607.43 
1,053.40 
26.335.00 
1.06 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
ALPHABET INC CAP STK CL C 
75.00 
21,385.84 
1,046.40 
78,480.00 
3.15 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
ANSYS INC COM 
200.00 
16,179.93 
147.59 
29,518.00 
1.18 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
BROADCOM LTD SHS 
100.00 
21.929.35 
256.90 
25,690.00 
1.03 % 
2.72 % 
700.00 
EFTA00806636
--- PAGE 3 ---
BAINCO 
International 
Investors 
Avram Noam Chomsky IRA Rollover with 
Other Assets 
As of 12/31/2017 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
CISCO SYS INC COM 
FACEBOOK INC CL A 
■ Total Information Technology 
Materials 
MATERIALS SELECT SECTOR SPDR FUND 
Total Materials 
■ Utilities 
NEXTERA ENERGY INC COM 
■ Total Utilities 
■ Diversified International Equities 
ISHARES MSCI INDIA INDEX FUND 
VANGUARD FTSE ALL-WORLD EX US INDEX FUND 
VANGUARD FTSE DEVELOPED MARKETS ETF 
■ Total Diversified International Equities 
■ Total Equities 
Fixed Income 
1,200.00 
22,788.84 
38.30 
400.00 
10,437.80 
176.46 
99,329.19 
700.00 
26568.99 
60.53 
26568.99 
200.00 
22,304.09 
156.19 
22,304.09 
800.00 
23,400.32 
36.07 
1,500.00 
48481.37 
54.72 
2,800.00 
10%489.58 
44.86 
181,371.27 
W
908,286.7%r 
Taxable Bonds 
CALIFORNIA ST 6.2%10/01/2019 
100,000.00 
105,095.16 
107.18 
KANSAS CITY MO SPL OBLIG 3.15% 08/01/2018 
100,000.00 
100,215.27 
100.78 
OAKLAND CALIF PENSION OBLIG 3.8% 12/15/2021 
100,000.00 
9%360.21 
103.29 
ORACLE CORP 5.75% 04/15/2018 
100,000.00 
101218.62 
101.15 
PEPSICO INC 5%06/01/2018 
200,000.00 
19%856.86 
101.30 
VANGUARD FIXED INCOME SECS FD STRM INVGRA AD 
9,429.00 
100,522.15 
10.63 
Total Taxable Bonds 
706,268.27 
Total Axed Income 
■ Cash & Equivalents 
Cash 
CASH 
706,26827 
358.50 
358.50 
1.00 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Account Appraisal 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
45,960.00 
70,584.00 
276,567.00 
42,371.00 
1.84% 
2.83 % 
11.09% 
1.70% 
3.03% 
0.00 % 
0.76% 
1.66% 
1,392.00 
0.00 
2,092.00 
704.34 
42,371.00 
1.70 % 
1.66 % 
704.34 
31,238.00 
1.25 % 
2.52 % 
786.00 
31,238.00 
1.25 % 
2.52 % 
786.00 
28,856.00 
1.16 % 
1.09 % 
314.31 
82,080.00 
3.29% 
2.66% 
2,182.35 
125,608.00 
5.04 % 
2.77 % 
3,479.00 
236,544.00 
9.49 % 
2.53 % 
5,975.66 
1,521,196.09 
61.00% 
1.85% 
28,184.61 
108,707.78 
4.36% 
5.70% 
6,200.00 
102,086.75 
4.09 % 
3.09 % 
3,150.00 
103,450.33 
4.15 % 
3.67 % 
3,800.00 
102,343.92 
4.10 % 
2.81 % 
2,875.00 
203,409.56 
8.16 % 
2.46 % 
5,000.00 
100,230.24 
4.02 % 
2.09 % 
2,095.05 
720,228.57 
28.88 % 
3.21 % 
23,120.05 
720,22837 
28.88 % 
3.21 % 
23,120.051 
0.01 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
358.50 
EFTA00806637
--- PAGE 4 ---
BAINCO 
International 
Investors 
Avram Noam Chomsky IRA Rollover with 
Other Assets 
As of 12/31/2017 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Account Appraisal 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
Total Cash 
358.50 
358.50 
0.01 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
Money Markets 
RESERVE INSURED DEPOSITS 
127,421.01 
127,421.30 
1.00 
127,421.30 
5.11% 
0.00% 
0.00 
Total Money Markets 
127,421.30 
127421.30 
5.11 % 
0.00% 
0.00 
■ Total Cash & Equivalents 
127,779.80 
127.779.80 
5.12 % 
0.00% 
0.00 
Alternative Investments 
■ Hard Assets 
SPDR GOLD TRUST SHARES 
400.00 
4%224.00 
123.65 
49460.00 
1.98 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
■ Total Hard Assets 
4%224.00 
49460.00 
1.98 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
■ Venture Capital 
372 RF ID CVT II LP (Tego Convertible Debt) 
25O00.00 
25O00.00 
1.00 
25.000.00 
1.00% 
aca % 
0.00 
372 RF ID CVT LP (Tego Convertible Debt) 
50000.00 
50000.00 
1.00 
50000.00 
2.01 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
■ Total Venture Capital 
75000.00 
75000.00 
3.01 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
Total Alternative Investments 
124,224.00 
121460.00 
4.99 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
Total Avram Noam Chomsky IRA Rollover with Other Assets 
1,866,558.82 
2,493464.46 
100.00 % 
2.06 % 
51,304.66 
EFTA00806638
--- PAGE 5 ---
BAINCO 
1, I 
111 r". Ii
Appraisal - All Assets 
Carol Chomsky Non-Exempt Marital Trust 
Account Appraisal 
As of 12/31/2017 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
Carol Chomsky Non-Exempt Marital Trust 
■ Equities 
■ Healthcare 
HEALTH CARE SELECT SECTOR SPDR FUND 
97.00 
6,780.03 
82.68 
8,019.96 
5.39% 
1.47% 
118.05 
■ Total Healthcare 
6,780.03 
8,019.96 
5.39 % 
1.47 % 
118.05 
■ Diversified US Equities 
ISHARES EDGE MSCI MIN VOL USA ETF 
355.00 
15,734.49 
52.78 
18,736.90 
12.59% 
1.77% 
331.04 
ISHARES EDGE MSCI USA QUALITY FACTOR ETF 
591.00 
35,172.77 
82.90 
48,993.90 
32.92% 
1.76% 
861.54 
SPDR. 500 ETF 
184.00 
34,721.42 
266.86 
49,102.24 
32.99% 
1.80% 
883.59 
■ Total Diversified US Equities 
85,628.68 
116,833.04 
78.51 % 
1.78 % 
2,076.18 
■ Diversified International Equities 
ISHARES CORE MSCI TOTAL INTERNATIONAL STOCK ETF 
125.00 
6,188.44 
63.08 
7,885.00 
5.30% 
2.41 % 
189.64 
VANGUARD FTSE ALL-WORLD EX US INDEX FUND 
172.00 
7,204.38 
54.72 
9,411.84 
6.32% 
2.66% 
250.24 
■ Total Diversified International Equities 
13,392.82 
17,296.84 
11.62 % 
2.54 % 
439.88 
■ Equity Puts 
PUT (OEF) ISHARES TR - M100 06/21/2019 CO $105 
1.00 
473.09 
3.80 
380.00 
0.26% 
0.00% 
0.00 
PUT (OEF) ISHARES TR - M10012/21/2018 (lit) $110 
1.00 
400.61 
3.80 
380.00 
0.26% 
0.00% 
0.00 
■ Total Equity Puts 
873.70 
760.00 
0.51 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
■ Total Equities 
106,675.23 
142,909.84 
96.03 % 
1.84 % 
2,634.10 
■ Cash & Equivalents 
Money Markets 
RESERVE INSURED DEPOSITS 
2,571.87 
2,571.88 
1.00 
2,571.88 
1.73% 
0.00% 
0.00 
Total Money Markets 
2,571.88 
2.571 88 
1.73% 
0.00% 
0.00 
■ Total Cash & Equivalents 
2,571.88 
■ 
2,571.88 
1.73 % 
0.00% 
0.00 
Alternative Investments 
SINE 
■ Hard Assets 
SPDR GOLD TRUST SHARES 
27.00 
3,402.77 
123.65 
3.338.55 
2.24 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
■ Total Hard Assets 
3,402.77 
3,338.55 
2.24 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
EFTA00806639
--- PAGE 6 ---
BAINCO 
rn,ui'ni,il
Total Alternative Investments 
Total Carol Chomsky Non-Exempt Marital Trust 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Carol Chomsky Non-Exempt Marital Trust 
Account Appraisal 
As of 12/31/2017 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
3.402.77 
3.338.55 
2.24% 
0.00 % 
0.00 
112,649.88 
148,820.27 
100.00 % 
1.77 % 
2,634.10 
EFTA00806640
--- PAGE 7 ---
BAINCO 
International 
Investors 
Carol S. Chomsky Exempt Marital Trust with 
Other Assets 
As of 12/31/2017 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Account Appraisal 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
Carol S. Chomsky Exempt Marital Trust with Other Assets 
■ Equities 
■ Communication Services 
VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC COM 
200.00 
9,520.00 
52.93 
10,586.00 
0.37 % 
4.46 % 
472.00 
■ Total Communication Services 
9,520.00 
10,586.00 
0.37 % 
4.46 % 
472.00 
■ Consumer Discretionary 
AMAZON COM INC COM 
40.00 
26,979.96 
1,16347 
46,778.80 
1.61 % 
0.00% 
0.00 
COMCAST CORP NEW CL A 
200.00 
6,174.00 
40.05 
8,010.00 
0.28 % 
1.57 % 
126.00 
DISNEY WALT CO COM 
200.00 
21,433.00 
107.51 
21,502.00 
0.74% 
1.56% 
336.00 
HOME DEPOT INC COM 
200.00 
15,882.00 
189.53 
37306.00 
1.31 % 
1.88% 
712.00 
TJX COS INC NEW COM 
200.00 
13.768.00 
76.46 
15,292.00 
0.53 % 
1.63 % 
250.00 
■ Total Consumer Discretionary 
84,236.96 
129,48820 
4.47 % 
1.10 % 
1,424.00 
U Consumer Staples 
COCA COLA CO COM 
100.00 
4,041.00 
45.88 
4,588.00 
0.16% 
3.23% 
148.00 
PROCTER AND GAMBLE CO COM 
400.00 
24,346.00 
91.88 
36,752.00 
1.27% 
3.00% 
1,103.36 
Total Consumer Staples 
28,387.00 
41,340.00 
1.43 % 
3.03 % 
1,251.36 
Energy 
EOG RES INC COM 
200.00 
18,347.74 
107.91 
21,582.00 
0.74 % 
0.62 % 
134.00 
EXXON MOBIL CORP COM 
175.00 
13,418.12 
83.64 
14,637.00 
0.50 % 
3.68 % 
539.00 
SCHLUMBERGER LTD COM 
150.00 
10,544.27 
67.39 
10,108.50 
0.35 % 
2.97 % 
300.00 
■ Total Energy 
42,310.13 
46,327.50 
1.60 % 
2.10 % 
973.00 
■ Financials 
BANK AMER CORP COM 
600.00 
10,422.00 
29.52 
17,712.00 
0.61 % 
1.63 % 
288.00 
BB&T CORP COM 
400.00 
14,681.00 
49.72 
19,888.00 
0.69 % 
2.65 % 
528.00 
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC DEL CL B NEW 
150.00 
21,561.48 
198.22 
29,733.00 
1.03 % 
0.00% 
0.00 
BLACKROCK INC COM 
25.00 
8,896.50 
513.71 
12,842.75 
0.44 % 
1.95 % 
250.00 
CHUBB LIMITED COM 
200.00 
20,533.00 
146.13 
29,226.00 
1.01% 
1.94% 
568.00 
FINANCIAL SELECT SECTOR SPDR FUND 
2,000.00 
39,071.40 
27.91 
55,820.00 
1.93 % 
1.48 % 
824.94 
EFTA00806641
--- PAGE 8 ---
BAINCO 
InI11nl,ui~ ~i l,il
Carol S. Chomsky Exempt Marital Trust with 
Other Assets 
As of 12/31/2017 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Account Appraisal 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
MARSH & MCLENNAN COS INC COM 
300.00 
16,185.00 
81.39 
24,417.00 
0.84 % 
1.84 % 
450.00 
US BANCORP DEL COM NEW 
400.00 
16,635.00 
53.58 
21,432.00 
0.74 % 
2.24 % 
480.00 
VISA INC COM CL A 
100.00 
6,889.00 
114.02 
11,402.00 
0.39% 
0.68% 
78.00 
II Total Financials 
154,874.38 
222,472.75 
7.67 % 
1.56 % 
3,466.94 
• Healthcare 
ABBVIE INC COM 
350.00 
9,451.87 
96.71 
33,848.50 
1.17 % 
2.94 % 
994.00 
BRISTOL MYERS SQUIBB CO COM 
400.00 
22,189.08 
61.28 
24,512.00 
0.85 % 
2.61 % 
640.00 
CELGENE CORP COM 
200.00 
23,550.91 
104.36 
20,872.00 
0.72 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
DANAHER CORP DEL COM 
100.00 
6,548.59 
92.82 
9,282.00 
0.32% 
0.60% 
56.00 
JOHNSON & JOHNSON COM 
200.00 
11,869.00 
139.72 
27344.00 
0.96% 
2.40% 
672.00 
MERCK & CO INC COM 
300.00 
15,550.00 
56.27 
16,881.00 
0.58% 
3.41 % 
576.00 
UNITEOHEALTH GROUP INC COM 
150.00 
8,249.82 
220.46 
33,069.00 
1.14% 
1.36% 
450.00 
• Total Healthcare 
97,409.27 
166,408.50 
5.74% 
2.04% 
3,388.00 
• Industrials 
FORTIVE CORP COM 
300.00 
14,765.46 
72.35 
21,705.00 
0.75% 
0.39% 
84.00 
HONEYWELL INTL INC COM 
200.00 
19,504.20 
153.36 
30,672.00 
1.06 % 
1.94 % 
596.00 
INDUSTRIAL SELECT SECTOR SPDR FUND 
400.00 
25,360.70 
75.67 
30,268.00 
1.04% 
1.77% 
535.15 
RAYTHEON CO COM NEW 
100.00 
17,864.63 
187.85 
18,785.00 
0.65 % 
1.70 % 
319.00 
XPO LOGISTICS INC COM 
200.00 
13,466.89 
91.59 
18,318.00 
0.63% 
0.00% 
0.00 
IN Total Industrials 
90,961.88 
119,748.00 
4.13 % 
1.28 % 
1,534.15 
IN Information Technology 
ALPHABET INC CAP STK CL C 
50.00 
28,182.25 
1,046.40 
52,320.00 
1.80 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
ANSYS INC COM 
200.00 
17,942.00 
147.59 
29,518.00 
1.02 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
APPLE INC COM 
1,700.00 
21,825.57 
169.23 
287,691.00 
9.92% 
1.49% 
4,284.00 
BROADCOM LTD SHS 
125.00 
28,084.26 
256.90 
32,112.50 
1.11 % 
2.72 % 
875.00 
CISCO SYS INC COM 
675.00 
11,323.12 
38.30 
25,852.50 
0.89% 
3.03% 
783.00 
FACEBOOK INC CL A 
275.00 
23,898.12 
176.46 
48,526.50 
1.67 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
MICROSOFT CORP COM 
4,800.00 
93,384.00 
85.54 
410,592.00 
14.16% 
1.96% 
8,064.00 
EFTA00806642
--- PAGE 9 ---
BAINCO 
II II( it link)] it il 
Iii\ r!flitirs 
Carol S. Chomsky Exempt Marital Trust with 
Other Assets 
As of 12/31/2017 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Account Appraisal 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
■ Total Information Technology 
224,639.32 
886,612.50 
30.58 % 
1.58 % 
14,006.00 
Materials 
MATERIALS SELECT SECTOR SPDR FUND 
300.00 
14.595.24 
60.53 
18,159.00 
0.63 % 
1.66 % 
301.86 
Total Materials 
14,595.24 
18,159.00 
0.63 % 
1.66 % 
301.86 
■ Utilities 
NEXTERA ENERGY INC COM 
300.00 
33.459.52 
156.19 
46,857.00 
1.62 % 
2.52 % 
1.179.00 
■ Total Utilities 
33,459.52 
46,857.00 
1.62 % 
2.52 % 
1,179.00 
■ Diversified International Equities 
ISHARES MSC I INDIA INDEX FUND 
700.00 
20,476.96 
36.07 
25,249.00 
0.87% 
1.09% 
275.02 
VANGUARD FTSE ALL-WORLD EX US INDEX FUND 
1,200.00 
54,004.71 
54.72 
65,664.00 
2.26% 
2.66% 
1,745.88 
VANGUARD FTSE DEVELOPED MARKETS ETF 
1,600.00 
57,550.53 
44.86 
71,776.00 
2.48% 
2.77% 
1.988.00 
■ Total Diversified International Equities 
132,032.20 
162,689.00 
5.61 % 
2.46 % 
4,008.90 
■ Equity Puts 
PUT (OEF) ISHARES TR - I.100 06/21/2019 Crp $105 
14.00 
6,511.28 
3.80 
5,320.00 
0.18% 
0.00% 
0.00 
PUT (OEF) ISHARES TR - .100 12/21/2018 tf. $110 
14.00 
5,496.56 
3.80 
5,320.00 
0.18 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
■ Total Equity Puts 
12,007.84 
10,640.00 
0.37 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
■ Total Equities 
924,433.74 
1.861.32%05 
64.19 % 
1.72 % 
32,005.22 
Fixed Income 
Taxable Bonds 
VANGUARD FIXED INCOME SECS FD STRM INVGRA AD 
9,345.79 
100,015.00 
10.63 
99345.79 
3.43 % 
2.09 % 
2,076.56 
Total Taxable Bonds 
100,015.00 
99,345.79 
3.43% 
2.09% 
2,076.56 
Tax-Exempt Bonds 
CHICAGO ILL WTR REV 4.25%11/01/2018 
40,000.00 
40,711.57 
102.12 
41,126.21 
1.42% 
4.13% 
1,700.00 
GREENE CNTY OHIO WTR SYS REV 5.25%12/01/2021 
65,000.00 
72,389.06 
112.05 
73,104.80 
2.52% 
4.67% 
3,412.50 
MASSACHUSETTS BAY TRANSN AUTH 5.25% 07/01/2018 
100,000.00 
102,158.03 
101.89 
104,500.42 
3.60 % 
5.02 % 
5,250.00 
MASSACHUSETTS ST 5%08/01/2020 
100,000.00 
109,424.75 
108.37 
110,435.44 
3.81 % 
4.53% 
5,000.00 
MIAMI-DADE CNTY FLA WTR & SWR 5%10/01/2018 
40,000.00 
41.088.88 
102.60 
41,535.24 
1.43% 
4.82% 
2.000.00 
Total Tax-Exempt Bonds 
365,772.29 
370,702.11 
12.79 % 
4.68 % 
17,362.50 
EFTA00806643
--- PAGE 10 ---
BAINCO 
International 
Investors 
Carol S. Chomsky Exempt Marital Trust with 
Other Assets 
As of 12/31/2017 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Account Appraisal 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
Total Fixed Income 
465,787.29 
470,047.90 
1611 % 
4.14 % 
19,439.06 
K Cash & Equivalents 
Cash 
CASH 
311.75 
311.75 
1.00 
311.75 
0.01 % 
0.00% 
0.00 
Total Cash 
311.75 
311.75 
0.01 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
Money Markets 
RESERVE INSURED DEPOSITS 
27,088.21 
27,088.31 
1.00 
27,088.31 
0.93% 
0.00% 
0.00 
Total Money Markets 
27,088.31 
27,088.31 
0.93 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
[ ■ Total Cash & Equivalents 
V,400.06 
27,400.06 
0.94 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
[ L Alternative Investments 
Hard Assets 
SPUR GOLD TRUST SHARES 
200.00 
25,287.57 
123.65 
24,730.00 
0.85% 
0.00% 
0.00 
Total Hard Assets 
25,287.57 
24,730.00 
0.85 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
Total Alternative Investments 
2%287.57 
24,730.00 
0.85 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
L Other 
■ Notes Receivable 
Cambridge Home Promissory Note 
516,000.00 
516,000.00 
1.00 
516,000.00 
17.80 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
■ Total Notes Receivable 
516,000.00 
516,000.00 
17.80 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
L Total Other 
516,000.00 
516,000.00 
17.80% 
0.00% 
0.00 
Total Carol S. Chomsky Exempt Marital Trust with Other Assets 
1,958,908.66 
2,899,507.01 
100.00 % 
1.77 % 
51,444.28 
EFTA00806644
--- PAGE 11 ---
BAINCO 
International 
Investors 
Gull Haven Lane LLC 
As of 12/31/2017 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Account Appraisal 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected Income 
Gull Haven Lane LLC 
■ Other 
=Mr 
■ Real Estate 
Welifleet Home 
■ Total Real Estate 
■ Total Other 
Total Gull Haven Lane LLC 
900,000 
900.000.00 
1.00 
90O000.00 
100.00 % 
0.CO % 
0.00 
900.000O0 
900,000.00 
100.00 9$ 
0.00 % 
0.00 
900,000.00 
900000.00 
100.00 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
900,000.00 
900,000.00 
100.00 cYo 
0.00 % 
0.00 
EFTA00806645
--- PAGE 12 ---
BAINCO
Investors 
International 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Noam Chomsky Inherited IRA 
Account Appraisal 
As of 12/31/2017 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
Noam Chomsky Inherited IRA 
■ Equities 
■ Communication Services 
AT&T INC COM 
100.00 
3,386.30 
38.88 
3,888.00 
0.96 % 
5.14 % 
200.00 
■ Total Communication Services 
3,386.30 
3,888.00 
0.96% 
5.14% 
200.00 
■ Consumer Discretionary 
AMAZON COM INC COM 
10.00 
5,955.70 
1,169.47 
11,694.70 
2.88 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
DISNEY WALT CO COM 
100.00 
4,153.79 
107.51 
10,751.00 
2.65 % 
1.56 % 
168.00 
HOME DEPOT INC COM 
100.00 
8,075.43 
189.53 
18,953.00 
4.67 % 
1.88 % 
356.00 
TIX COS INC NEW COM 
200.00 
10,030.24 
76.46 
15.292.00 
3.77 % 
1.63 % 
250.00 
■ Total Consumer Discretionary 
28,215.16 
56.690.70 
13.98 % 
1.37 % 
774.00 
-1 Consumer Staples 
COCA COLA CO COM 
200.00 
6,859.50 
45.88 
9,176.00 
2.26 % 
3.23 % 
296.00 
Total Consumer Staples 
6,859.50 
9.176.00 
2.26% 
3.23% 
296.00 
Energy 
EOG RES INC COM 
100.00 
5,266.14 
107.91 
10,791.00 
2.66 % 
0.62 % 
67.00 
EXXON MOBIL CORP COM 
100.00 
8,490.59 
83.64 
8,364.00 
2.06 % 
3.68 % 
308.00 
Total Energy 
13,756.73 
19.155.00 
4.72% 
1.96% 
375.00 
■ Financials 
BANK AMER CORP COM 
400.00 
3,877.80 
29.52 
11,808.00 
2.91% 
1.63% 
192.00 
BB&T CORP COM 
200.00 
5,629.70 
49.72 
9,944.00 
2.45 % 
2.65 % 
264.00 
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC DEL CL B NEW 
125.00 
17,968.90 
198.22 
24,777.50 
6.11 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
US BANCORP DEL COM NEW 
200.00 
5,672.80 
53.58 
10,716.00 
2.64 % 
2.24 % 
240.00 
VISA INC COM CL A 
200.00 
0.00 
114.02 
22,804.00 
5.62 % 
0.68 % 
156.00 
■ Total Financials 
33,149.20 
80,049.50 
19.73% 
1.06% 
852.00 
■ Healthcare 
ABBVIE INC COM 
100.00 
3,119.50 
96.71 
9,671.00 
2.38 % 
2.94 % 
284.00 
BIOGEN INC COM 
25.00 
6,747.29 
318.57 
7,964.25 
1.96% 
0.00% 
0.00 
EFTA00806646
--- PAGE 13 ---
BAINCO 
Init 
ti 
iu I 
II1 
• 
n`• 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Noam Chomsky Inherited IRA 
Account Appraisal 
As of 12/31/2017 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
BIOVERATIV INC COM 
12.00 
544.92 
53.92 
647.04 
0.16 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
BRISTOL MYERS SQUIBB CO COM 
100.00 
5,551.77 
61.28 
6,128.00 
1.51 % 
2.61 % 
160.00 
DANAHER CORP DEL COM 
100.00 
5,509.98 
92.82 
9,282.00 
2.29 % 
0.60 % 
56.00 
JOHNSON & JOHNSON COM 
100.00 
6,582.68 
139.72 
13,972.00 
3.44 % 
2.40 % 
336.00 
UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INC COM 
100.00 
5,499.88 
220.46 
22,046.00 
5.43 % 
1.36 % 
300.00 
■ Total Healthcare 
33,556.02 
69,710.29 
17.19% 
1.63% 
1,136.00 
■ Industrials 
FORTIVE CORP COM 
200.00 
10,180.31 
72.35 
14,470.00 
3.57 % 
0.39 % 
56.00 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO COM 
100.00 
2,618.99 
17.45 
1,745.00 
0.43 % 
2.75 % 
48.00 
HONEYWELL INTL INC COM 
100.00 
4,025.00 
153.36 
15,336.00 
3.78 % 
1.94 % 
298.00 
■ Total Industrials 
16,824.30 
31,551.00 
7.78 % 
1.27 % 
402.00 
■ Information Technology 
ALPHABET INC CAP STK CL C 
25.00 
17,845.64 
1,046.40 
26,160.00 
6.45 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
FACEBOOK INC CL A 
100.00 
10,242.02 
176.46 
17,646.00 
4.35 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
■ Total Information Technology 
28,087.66 
43,806.00 
10.80 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
-1 Materials 
MATERIALS SELECT SECTOR SPDR FUND 
300.00 
14,421.36 
60.53 
18,159.00 
4.48 % 
1.66 % 
301.86 
Total Materials 
14,421.36 
18,159.00 
4.48% 
1.66% 
301.86 
■ Diversified International Equities 
ISHARES MSCI INDIA INDEX FUND 
300.00 
8,783.56 
36.07 
10,821.00 
2.67 % 
1.09 % 
117.87 
VANGUARD FTSE ALL•WORLD EX US INDEX FUND 
200.00 
0.00 
54.72 
10,944.00 
2.70% 
2.66% 
290.98 
VANGUARD FTSE DEVELOPED MARKETS ETF 
300.00 
12,304.57 
44.86 
13,458.00 
3.32 % 
2.77 % 
372.75 
■ Total Diversified International Equities 
21,088.13 
35,113.00 
8.68 % 
2.22 % 
781.60 
■ Total Equities 
199,34436 
367,408.49 
90.58 % 
1.39 % 
5,118.46 
■ Cash & Equivalents 
Cash 
CASH 
62.00 
62.00 
1.00 
62.00 
0.02 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
Total Cash 
62.00 
62.00 
0.02% 
0.00% 
0.00 
EFTA00806647
--- PAGE 14 ---
BAINCO 
International 
Investors 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Noam Chomsky Inherited IRA 
Account Appraisal 
As of 12/31/2017 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
Money Markets 
RESERVE INSURED DEPOSITS 
13,434.20 
13,434.23 
1.00 
13,434.23 
3.31 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
Total Money Markets 
13,434.23 
13,434.23 
3.31 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
K Total Cash & Equivalents 
13,496.23 
13,496.23 
3.33 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
Alternative Investments 
Hard Assets 
SPDR GOLD TRUST SHARES 
200.00 
25,334.69 
123.65 
24,730.00 
6.10 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
M Total Hard Assets 
25,334.69 
24,730.00 
6.10 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
Total Alternative Investments 
25,334.69 
24,730.00 
6.10 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
Total Noam Chomsky Inherited IRA 
238,175.28 
405,634.72 
100.00 % 
1.26 % 
5,118.46 
EFTA00806648
--- PAGE 15 ---
BAINCO 
International 
Investors 
Noam Chomsky Revocable Trust with Other 
Assets 
As of 12/31/2017 
Noam Chomsky Revocable Trust with Other Assets 
■ Cash & Equivalents 
Money Markets 
RESERVE INSURED DEPOSITS 
Total Money Markets 
Appraisal - All Assets 
Account Appraisal 
Units 
Cost Basis 
Price 
Ending Value 
Allocation 
Yield 
Projected 
Income 
9.478.33 
9,478.35 
1.00 
9,478.35 
12.94% 
0.00 % 
0.00 
9,478.35 
9,478.35 
12.94 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
= 
9,478.35 a= 
9,478.35 
12.94% 
0.00% 
0.00 
anla 
100.000.00 
10,000.00 
0.10 
10,000.00 
13.65% 
0.00 % 
0.00 
10,000.00 
10,000.00 
13.65% 
0.00 % 
0.00 
10,000.00 
10,000.00 
13.&S % 
0.00% 
0.00 
-516,000.00 
-516,000.00 
1.00 
-516,000.00 
-704.32 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
-516,000.00 
-516,000.00 
-704.32 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
1,108,784.00 
1,108,784.00 1.00 
1,108,784.00 
1,513.44% 
0.00 % 
0.00 
1,108,784.00 
1,108,784.00 
1,513.44% 
0.00 % 
0.00 
-539,000.00 
-539,000.00 
1.00 
-539,000.00 
-735.71 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
-539,000.00 
-539,000.00 
-735.71 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
53,784.00 
53,784.00 
73.41 % 
0.00% 
0.00 
73,262.35 
73,262.35 
100.00 % 
0.00 % 
0.00 
■ Total Cash & Equivalents 
EI• Alternative Investments 
■ Venture Capital 
500 NRI LP (Signal Data Corp - Nexus) 
■ Total Venture Capital 
Total Alternative Investments 
■ Other 
■ Notes Payable 
Cambridge Home Promissory Note 
■ Total Notes Payable 
■ Real Estate 
Cambridge Home 
■ Total Real Estate 
■ Real Estate Mortgage 
Cambridge House Mortgage 
■ Total Real Estate Mortgage 
■ Total Other 
Total Noam Chomsky Revocable Trust with Other Assets 
EFTA00806649
--- PAGE 16 ---
BAINCO 
International 
Investors 
Important Information and Disclosures: 
Bainco does not perform any valuation services and the information reported herein is not based on any portfolio valuation performed by Bainco. Publicly traded securities 
managed by Bainco, which are held in custody by Pershing LLC, are priced daily using independent pricing services. The values of all other assets are shown on your statement as 
a courtesy, and are for informational purposes only. Such assets are valued at cost or based on information supplied by the client or external managers and have not been 
independently verified. You should not rely on these values, without further verification, for any purpose, including decisions about investments, tax or otherwise. Bainco charges 
a management fee which is automatically debited from the appropriate account as instructed by the client. Such fee is debited each quarter by the custodian and is shown in the 
account activity section of the monthly statement issued by the custodian. We encourage you to compare custodial statements with your Bainco advisory reports. If you have 
any questions, please direct them to your client service team. 
EFTA00806650

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806651.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kyle W Reavis 
Construction Manager 
Little St James / Greater St James 
Congratulations: 
This letter is to serve as an invitation to bid for the scopes of work listed below on Either 
GSJ or LSJ. You need to provide start dates, scope item duration, that will be included in 
the project schedule. Any issues with procurement of materials or schedule impacts must 
be presented immediately as to no effect other trades or the scheduled opening of the 
project. 
Job Name: "North Terrace" 
The SCOPE OF WORK to price is as follows: 
• 
Grading of Area 
• 
Two Shelters to Match LSJ Terrace 
• 
100' Radius Concrete Circle Pad -4" thick 
o 4" Wire Mesh — With Chairs 
• 
Stonework for building Facades 
• 
Electrical Lighting Supplied by LSJ 
Delays or cost impact submitted will be reviewed and rejected, or accepted as a change 
order with directions on how to proceed issued by the CM. 
Sincerely, 
Kyle W Reavis 
Construction Manager LSJ - GSJ 
EFTA00806651

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806652.pdf
----------------------------------------
State of 
County of 
) 
) 
Before me, the undersigned authority, this day personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein, who 
produced 
as Identification, and who first being duly sworn, 
says that he has read the foregoing, and that all of the matters are true and correct. 
Sworn and Subscribed before me this 
NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF 
EFTA00806652

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806653.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
NOTICE OF SUPPLEMENTAL AUTHORITY IN SUPPORT OF HIS SUPPLEMENT 
TO MOTION FOR COURT TO DECLARE RELEVANCE AND NON-PRIVILEGED 
NATURE OF DOCUMENTS, ETC. 
As supplemental authority in support of his Motion for Court to Declare Relevance and Non-
Privileged Nature of Documents and with Specific Request for In Camera Review to Determine 
Relevance, Inapplicability and/or Waiver of Attorney-Client Privilege and Attorney Work Product 
With Regard to Sealed Documents, Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), 
respectfully submits the attached Opinion in the case of Jane Doe No. 1 v. United States, 749 F.3d 
999 (11th Cir. 2014), attached to this Notice as Exhibit A, and Edwards' clients' Appellee Brief 
filed in that case, attached to this Notice as Exhibit B. In Jane Doe No. 1, the United States Court 
of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit held that Epstein's former counsel had waived the work-
product privilege with respect to documents sought by Edwards' clients, after having voluntarily 
sent allegedly privileged correspondence to the United States during plea negotiations. 
There, Edwards' clients claimed that the United States failed to confer with them before 
entering into a non-prosecution agreement with Epstein. As part of that lawsuit, Edwards' clients 
EFTA00806653
--- PAGE 2 ---
sought to discover correspondence between Epstein's former counsel and the United States 
regarding the non-prosecution agreement. Id. at 1001. The federal district court overruled Epstein's 
former counsel's privilege objections. On appeal, the Eleventh Circuit held that Epstein's former 
counsel had waived the work-product privilege as to all persons, as a consequence of having sent 
the allegedly privileged correspondence to the United States: 
The intervenors [Epstein's former counsel] next contend that the 
correspondence falls under the work-product privilege, but the finding of 
the district court that the intervenors waived any privilege when they 
voluntarily sent the correspondence to the United States during the plea 
negotiations is not clearly erroneous. Disclosure of work-product materials 
to an adversary waives the work-product privilege. See, e.g., In re Chrysler 
Motors Corp. Overnight Evaluation Program Litig., 860 F.2d 844, 846 (8th 
Cir. 1988); In re Doe, 662 F.2d 1073, 1081-82 (4th Cir. 1981). Even if it 
shared the common goal of reaching a quick settlement, the United 
States was undoubtedly adverse to Epstein during its investigation of 
him for federal offenses, and the intervenors' disclosure of their work 
product waived any claim of privilege. 
Id. at 1008 (emphasis added). Exhibit A. 
In reaching its conclusion, the Eleventh Circuit agreed with the position of Edwards' 
clients, espoused by Edwards, as set forth in their Appellee Brief. In their Appellee Brief, 
Edwards' clients, through Edwards, made the following argument: 
Case law is clear that "[d]isclosure to an adversary waives the work product 
protection as to items actually disclosed, even where disclosure occurs in 
settlement." In re Chrysler Motors Corp. Overnight Evaluation Program 
Litigation, 860 F.2d 844, 860 (8th Cir. 1988). In summarily rejecting 
Epstein's claim, the District Court found that Epstein had waived any work 
product protection in the materials by turning them over to the federal 
prosecutors: 
Assuming without deciding that any part of the correspondence in 
question reflects "the mental impressions, conclusions, or legal 
theories" of Epstein's attorneys, Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(3), any work 
product protection which might otherwise attach to this product was 
necessarily forfeited when Epstein voluntarily submitted the 
information to the United States Attorney's Office in the hopes of 
receiving the quid pro quo of lenient punishment for any 
EFTA00806654
--- PAGE 3 ---
wrongdoings exposes in the process. Work product protection is 
provided only against "adversaries." Thus, disclosure of the material 
to an adversary, real or potential, works a forfeiture of work product 
protection. In this case, Epstein's attorneys' disclosure to the United 
States Attorney's Office was plainly a disclosure to a potential 
adversary. The United States Attorneys' office, at that juncture, was 
reviewing evidence relating to Epstein's sexual crimes against 
minor females within the Southern District of Florida and 
deliberating the filing of relevant federal charges; while Epstein's 
counsel clearly hoped to avoid any actual litigation between the 
United States and Epstein, the potential for such litigation was 
plainly there. By voluntarily and deliberately disclosing this 
material to federal prosecutorial authorities investigating allegations 
against Epstein at that time, any work product protection was 
necessarily lost. 
DE 188 at 6 (citing, inter alia, United States v. Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, 129 F.3d 681 (1st Cir. 1997). Numerous cases have reached 
the same conclusion as the District Court in similar circumstancesr I 
Exhibit B, at 35-36. 
Edwards supported this last statement with the following authorities: 
See, e.g., Westinghouse Electric Corp. v. Republic of the Philippines, 951 
F.2d 1414, 1429 (3d Cir. 1991) (Westinghouse's disclosure of work product 
materials to the Justice Department during an investigation "waived the 
work-product doctrine as against all other adversaries."); In re Qwest 
Communications, Inc., 450 F.3d 1179, 1192-1201 (10th Cir. 2006) 
(company's disclosure of documents to the SEC during criminal 
investigation waived work product protections); Grace United Methodist 
Church v. City of Cheyenne, 451 F.3d 643, 668 (10th Cir. 2005) ("any work 
product protection was waived by [party] via production" of the documents 
in question); In re Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corp. Billing Practices 
Litigation, 293 F.3d 289, 302 (6th Cir. 2002) (attorney client/work product 
privilege was "never designed to protect conversations between a client and 
the Government—i.e., an adverse party—rather, it pertains only to 
conversations between the client and his or her attorney. . . . purpose of 
[attorney-client privilege] is to encourage full and frank communication 
between attorneys and their clients and thereby promote broader public 
interests in the observance of law and administration of justice. Nowhere 
amongst these reasons [for protection] is the ability to `talk candidly with 
the Government.'"); In re Cluysler Motors Overnight Evaluation 
Litigation, 860 F.2d 844, 846-47 (8th Cir. 1988) (defendant company's 
disclosure of computer tape to class counsel during settlement negotiated 
waived work product when tape sought by government as part of criminal 
EFTA00806655
--- PAGE 4 ---
case); In re Sealed Case, 676 F.2d 793, 824-25 (D.C. Cir. 1982) (production 
of documents during settlement discussions with the SEC waived work 
product protection as to grand jury materials). 
Exhibit B, at 36 n.13. 
Epstein also files as Exhibit C the August 4, 2010, hearing transcript; In re Rothstein 
Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A., United States Bankruptcy Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 09-
34791-BKC-RBR, The following are statements made by William Scherer, Razorback's counsel. 
• 
"[I]n November we filed a lawsuit in State Court and we alleged that 
as part of Mr. Rothstein and the firm, and the firm's employees, and 
maybe some of the firm's attorneys, conspired to use the 
Epstein/LM litigation in order to lure $13.5 million worth of my 
victims, my clients, into making investments in these phoney [sic] 
settlements." (17:7-14.) 
• 
"In addition, as we have alleged, that Mr. Edwards and the firm put 
sensational allegations in the LM case that they knew were not true, 
in order to entice my clients into believing that Bill Clinton was on 
the airplane with Mr. Epstein and these young woman ..." (18:24-
19:7.) 
• 
"I can't conceive that Mr. Edwards and the predecessor law firm 
would have any standing to prepare privilege logs or anything else, 
given what I just told the Court. That would be like having the fox 
guard the hen house." (20:5-9.) 
• 
"[The Complaint] names Rothstein. It does not name Mr. Edwards. 
It just names Rothstein, not the firm, and lays out the facts and says 
other people in the firm. We did not name them because we want to 
see the documents and see whether they had involvement." (22:3-
8.) 
• 
I support the same position that [Epstein] has asked the Court, and 
that is to have the trustee deal with this, get these documents and 
deal with it with you, rather than allow the successor law firm to 
have them. (22:16-24.) 
8/4/2010 Hearing Transcript, Exhibit C. 
EFTA00806656
--- PAGE 5 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on August 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
o
fax] 
By: Is/ 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
EFTA00806657
--- PAGE 6 ---
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant1Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00806658

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806659.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 61938207 E-Filed 09/25/2017 01:11:08 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA. 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMB 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
-VS-
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE AND 
DESIGNATION OF EMAIL ADDRESSES 
NICHOLE J. SEGAL, ESQ., of the law firm of BURLINGTON & ROCKENBACH, 
P.A., files this Notice of Appearance on behalf of the Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, BRADLEY J. 
EDWARDS, solely as appellate counsel in this cause, and directs all parties to forward copies of 
all pleadings to the undersigned. 
Additionally, pursuant to Fla.R.Jud.Admin. 2.516, undersigned hereby designates the 
following email addresses for service of pleadings, orders and documents: 
Nichole J. Segal, Esq. 
(primary) 
(secondary) 
EFTA00806659
--- PAGE 2 ---
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was furnished to all counsel on 
the attached service list, by email, on September 25, 2017. 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
SEARCY DENNEY SCAROLA 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach FL 33409 
and 
BURLINGTON & ROCKENBACH, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons/Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
FL 33401 
Attorneys for Bradle J. Edwards 
By:/s/ Nichole J. Segal 
NICHOLE J. SEGAL 
Florida Bar No. 
/kbt 
EFTA00806660
--- PAGE 3 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Epstein v. Rothstein/Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr., Esq. 
W. CHESTER BREWER, JR., P.A. 
250 S. Australian Ave., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Fred Haddad, Esq. 
FRED HADDAD, P.A. 
Financial Plaza, Ste. 2612 
33301 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Mark Nurik, Esq. 
LAW OFFICES OF MARC S. NURIK 
E. Broward Blvd., Ste. 700 
33301 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
ATTERBURY, GOLDBERGER 
& WEISS, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Ave., Ste. 1400 
Woct Palm 
, FL 33401 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
TONJA HADDAD, P.A. 
5315 SE 7th Street., Ste. 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Ste. 2 
L 33301 
EFTA00806661

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806662.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 61897466 E-Filed 09/22/2017 04:26:21 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA0408003OOOCMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant, 
NOTICE OF FILING PAGE AND LINE DESIGNATIONS FOR 
DEPOSITION OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN TAKEN JANUARY 25.2012 
Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, by and through his undersigned counsel, hereby 
submits his Page and Line Designations for the Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein taken January 25, 
2012 as follows: 
1) 4:1-5:14 
2) 8:9-9:9 
3) 18:14-18:17 
4) 21:10-21:22 
EFTA00806662
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Filing Page and Line Designations for Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein taken January 25, 2012 
Page 2 of 3 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
67g
SA9 
S
ect I
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
 day of 
2017. 
JACK 
Florid 
Att Ste 
E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00806663
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800X)DOCMBAG 
Notice of Filing Page and Line Designations for Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein taken January 25, 2012 
Page 3 of 3 
COUNSEL LIST 
William Chester Brewer, Esquire 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm 
3401 
Phone 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & 
Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fred Haddad, Es uire 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale FL 33394 
Fax
Fax: I 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or Je 
y Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Es uire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. 
Phone: 
Fax 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00806664

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806665.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 61897466 E-Filed 09/22/2017 04:26:21 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant, 
/ 
NOTICE OF FILING PAGE AND LINE DESIGNATIONS FOR 
DEPOSITION OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN TAKEN MARCH 17, 2010 
Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, by and through his undersigned counsel, hereby 
submits his Page and Line Designations for the Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein taken March 17, 
2010 as follows: 
1) 4:7-4:11 
2) 4:22-5:2 
3) 5:23-8:25 
4) 10:6-10:19 
5) 15:15-15:24 
6) 16:9-16:16 
7) 17:11-17:16 
8) 18:6-18:16 
9) 22:11-23:2 
EFTA00806665
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Filing Page and Line Designations for Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein taken March 17, 2010 
Page 2 of 4 
10) 34:17-37:17 
11)38:23-43:1 
12) 44:347:14 
13) 70:14-71:16 
14) 74:10-75:3 
15) 88:19-90:7 
16) 90:18-91:21 
17) 92:2-92:4 
18) 93:6-93:7 
19)93:12-93:15 
20) 94:6-94:9 
21) 95:8-96:3 
22) 97:23-98:9 
23) 101:19-104:25 
24) 106:7-108:9 
25) 108:22-108:23 
26) 109:5-109:6 
27) 109:13-109:16 
28) 110:4-110:5 
29) 110:18-110:25 
30)112:22-113:10 
EFTA00806666
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Filing Page and Line Designations for Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein taken March 17, 2010 
Page 3 of 4 
31) 119:20-120:11 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
cl 13°
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
day of  
eiCist , 2017. 
P 
E-Mail: 
Seamy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00806667
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Filing Page and Line Designations for Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein taken March 17, 2010 
Page 4 of 4 
COUNSEL LIST 
William Chester Brewer, Esquire 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys ore ey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & 
Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax 
Fred Haddad, Es uire 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33394 
Pho 
• 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Toile Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax 
Attorneys or Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Es 
Esquire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00806668

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806669.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 61897466 E-Filed 09/22/2017 04:26:21 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA0408003COOCMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant, 
NOTICE OF FILING PAGE AND LINE DESIGNATIONS FOR 
DEPOSITION OF SCOTT ROTHSTEIN TAKEN JUNE 14, 2012 
Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, by and through his undersigned counsel, hereby 
submits his Page and Line Designations for the Deposition of Scott Rothstein taken on June 14, 
2012 as follows: 
1) 4:1-5:16 
2) 5:23-6:4 
3) 8:7-8:18 
4) 12:13-15:8 
5) 17:13-17:21 
6) 18:19-19:15 
7) 19:24-21:4 
8) 21:17-22:9 
9) 22:22-24:19 
EFTA00806669
--- PAGE 2 ---
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Filing Page and Line Designations for Deposition of Scott Rothstein taken June 14, 2012 
Page 2 of 3 
10) 36:22-43:4 
11)44:10-45:1 
12)45:18-46:4 
13) 53:20-54:1 
14) 56:11-57:2 
15) 62:20-63:12 
16) 70:21-71:3 
17)114:2-114:15 
18) 121:3-122:15 
19)122:23-124:7 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
AJP 
, 2017.. 
JACK 0k 
LA 
Flori 
B 
o.: 
Att. a 
-Mail(s): 
and 
P 
arY 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or 
ey 
wards 
EFTA00806670
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Filing Page and Line Designations for Deposition of Scott Rothstein taken June 14, 2012 
Page 3 of 3 
COUNSEL LIST 
William Chester Brewer Es 
Esquire 
Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. Fl. 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldber
,
 er, 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm 
33401 
Phone: 
Fax 
Attorneys or e 
y Epstein 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & 
Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax 
Fred Haddad, Es uire 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Pho 
Fax:
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phon iME 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone 
Fax: 
Attorneys orco 
o stein 
EFTA00806671

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806672.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 60432772 E-Filed 08/15/2017 03:09:23 PM 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
Plaintiff, 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
CASE NO.502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
BRADLEY J, EDWARDS, 
Individually, and L.M., individually. 
JUDGE: HAFELE 
Defendants. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S NOTICE OF SERVING ANSWERS TO DEFENDANT 
BRADLEY EDWARDS'S INTERROGATORIES 
Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein, by and through his undersigned counsel and pursuant to 
Rule 1.340 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, hereby certifies that the original 
answers to Defendant's Interrogatories was served upon Defendant and all parties hereto, 
via electronic service, this August 15, 2017. 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Fla. Bar No.: 
LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD, PA 
315 SE 7'h Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
facsimile) 
EFTA00806672
--- PAGE 2 ---
SERVICE LIST 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Jack Sc a t::&,E 
Searcy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Golc
•er.,a.
;
Atterbury, Goldberger, & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Ave. South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
East Broward Blvd. 
Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
B r a 
.c
 J. Edwards, Es . 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Fred Haddad, 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Es uire 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
EFTA00806673

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806674.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 69561845 E-Filed 03/20/2018 05:46:22 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant(s). 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the undersigned has called up for hearing the 
following: 
DATE: 
March 26, 2018 
TIME: 
8:45 an. 
JUDGE: 
Honorable Donald Hafele 
PLACE: 
205 N. Dixie Highway, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
ROOM #: 
10-D 
SPECIFIC MATTERS TO BE HEARD: Motion for Status Conference 
Movant's attorney has spoken in person or by telephone with the 
attorney(s) for all parties who may be affected by the relief sought in the 
motion in a good faith effort to resolve or narrow the issues raised. 
Movant's attorney has attempted to speak in person or by telephone with 
the attorney(s) for all parties who may be affected by the relief sought in 
the motion. 
EFTA00806674
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Hearing 
One or more of the parties who may be affected by the motion are self 
represented 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this  Zar- day of  /t.9-J^ 
, 2018. 
O 
Florida Bar No. 
Attorne E-Mail: 
and 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
EFTA00806675
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Hearing 
COUNSEL LIST 
Bradle J. Edwards, Es 
Esquire 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phony 
Fax: 
Nichole J. Se al, Es uire 
•
Phili Burlin on, Es 
Esquire 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Ja Howell, Es 
Esquire 
Jay Howell & Associates P.A. 
644 Cesery Boulevard, Suite 250 
Jacksonville FL 32211 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Paul G. Cassell, Esquire 
. . tmu
a
lligairav 
383 S University Street 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Phone: 
Fax: fl 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldber er,Esquire 
EFTA00806676
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Hearing 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax:
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esquire 
Scott J. Link, 
• uire 
oc en ac ,P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S.2‘..in
utik 
re 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale FL 
I 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys orScott o stein 
EFTA00806677
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Hearing 
"If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in order to 
participate in this proceeding, you are entitled, at no cost to you, to the provision of 
certain assistance. Please contact Americans with Disabilities Act Coordinator at least 
days before your scheduled court appearance, or immediately upon receiving this 
notification if the time before the scheduled appearance is less than 7 days; if you are 
hearing or voice impaired, call 711." 
"Si usted es una persona minusvilida que necesita algal% acomodamiento pan poder 
participar en este procedimiento, usted tiene derecho, sin tener gastos propios, a que 
se le provea cierta ayuda. 
Tenga la amabilidad de ponerse en contacto con 
Americans with Disabilities Act Coordinator por lo menos 7 dias antes de la cita fijada 
para su comparecencia en los tribunales, o inmediatamente despues de recibir esta 
notificacion si el tiempo antes de la comparecencia que se ha programado es menos 
de 7 dias; si usted tiene discapacitacion del oldo o de la voz, Ilame al 711." 
"Si ou se yon moun ki enfim ki bezwen akomodasyon pou w ka patisipe nan pwosedi 
sa, ou kalifye san ou pa gen okenn lajan pou w peye, gen pwovizyon pou jwen kek id. 
Tanpri kontakte nan 7 jou anvan dat ou gen randevou pou part nan tribinal la, 
oubyen imedyatman apre ou fin resevwa konvokasyon an si le ou gen pou w park nan 
tribinal la mwens ke 7 jou; si ou gen pwoblem pou w tande oubyen pale, rele 711." 
Rev: 8/20/15 
EFTA00806678

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806679.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 
73160468 E-Filed 06/06/2018 12:14:39 PM 
IN THE ELEVENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA 
IN AN FOR DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
JEAN-LUC BRUNEL, individually, 
and MC2 MODEL & 
TALENT MIAMI, LLC 
Plaintiffs 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
TYLER MCDONAL, TYLER 
MCDONALD D/B/A/ YLORG 
Defendants. 
Civil Action no.: 14-21348 ca 01 
NOTICE OF SPECIAL SET HEARING 
COMES NOW, Plaintiff, JEAN-LUC BRUNEL, by and through its undersigned counsel, 
and hereby gives notice that we will call up for hearing, before the Honorable Rodney Smith, at 
the Dade County Courthouse, 73 West Flagler St, Room DCC 1304, Miami, FL 33130, on 
Monday, July 16, 2018 at 8:00 AM, or as soon thereafter as counsel can be heard, the following: 
ALL PENDING MOTIONS 
In compliance with Local Rule 10(a), I hereby certify that I have made a good faith attempt to resolve this 
matter prior to my noticing this motion for hearing. 
If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in order to 
participate as a juror, you are entitled, at no cost to you, to the provisions of 
certain assistance. Please contact the Clerk of Courts, ADA Coordinator, 
Phyllis Clarke, Dade County Courthouse, 73 West Flagler Street, Room 200, 
Miami, 
Florida, 
33130, 
Telephone 
305-349-7202, 
email 
COCJURYADA@MIAMIDADE.GOV at least 7 days before your scheduled 
court appearance, or immediately upon receiving this notification if the time 
before the scheduled appearance is less than 7 days; if you are hearing or voice 
impaired, call 711. 
EFTA00806679
--- PAGE 2 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
IT IS HERBY CERTIFIED that a copy of the foregoing Notice of hearing was served 
upon all counsel of record by operation of the Florida E-Filing Portal on 6th day of June, 2018. 
/s/ Joe Titone 
Joseph Titone 
Attorney for Plaintiff 
621 SE 5th St 
Pompano Beach, FL 33060 
Phone: 
Email 
FL. Bar o.: 
EFTA00806680

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806681.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 62456833 E-Filed 10/05/2017 02:26:33 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
NOTICE OF SERVING ANSWERS TO INTERROGATORIES 
Bradley J. Edwards, by and through his undersigned counsel, hereby files this Notice of 
Serving Answers to Interrogatories with the Court propounded by Jeffrey Epstein on September 
5, 2017, and said Answers to Interrogatories have been furnished to the attorneys for Jeffrey 
Epstein. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this  r 
 day of 
-Ove✓ , 2017. 
AROLA 
Florida Bar No. 
Attorne E-Mai 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach. Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00806681
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXM BAG 
Notice of Serving Answers to Interrogatories 
COUNSEL LIST 
William Chester Brewer, Esquire 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger. Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradle J. &1‘isards, Es uire 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale FL 3 301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fred Haddad, Es
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Pho 
FaxISMI 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Colem 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone 
EFTA00806682
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800X)CaMBAG 
Notic 
to Interrogatories 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Esquire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax:
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00806683

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806684.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 
82965188 &Filed 01/07/2019 04:23:26 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
502009CA040800XXXXIvD3AG 
Plaintiff/Counterdefendant, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L.M., individually 
Defendant/Counterplaintiff. 
NOTICE OF VOLUNTARY DISMISSAL OF 
COUNTERCLAIM WITH PREJUDICE 
Bradley J. Edwards, by and through his undersigned attorneys, hereby files this Notice of 
Voluntary Dismissal of the Counterclaim against Jeffrey Epstein, with prejudice. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true 
correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
JAC 
Flo 
OLA 
ar No.: 169440 
E-Mail: 
nmary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00806684
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Voluntary Dismissal of Counterclaim 
COUNSEL LIST 
Nichole J. Se I, Es uire 
Jack A. Goldber 
uire 
. 
Philip Burlington, Esquire 
;kbt®Flappellatela 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attom 
Bradle J. Ecward
m
r
.ii re 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort La 
Pho 
Fax 
Ja Howell,lire 
Jay Howell & Associates P.A. 
644 Cesery Boulevard, Suite 250 
Jack 
• 
Pho 
Fax 
Paul G. Cassell Es
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax 
Attome 
stein 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esquire 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 930 
West P 
3401 
Phone: 
Fax 
Attorneys ore 
y pstein 
Mar
 Es 
c S.
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Pho 
Fax: 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
Attorneys tot Scott Koinstein 
383 S University Street 
a
Salt Lake Ci 
UT 84112 
Phone: 
Fax 
EFTA00806685

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806686.pdf
----------------------------------------
Department of Homeland Security 
US. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
Form I-797C, Notice of Action 
THIS NOTICE DOES NOT GRANT ANY IMMIGRATION STATUS OR BENEFIT. 
Biometric Notification - APPLICANT COPY 
APPLICATIONMEIMOVIttOt IS I %t I8ER 
IC/F.090345716i 
NOTICE DATE 
02/16/20'8 
CASE TM: 
MOO - APPLICATION FOR NATURALIZATION 
SOCIALSECCRIni NI %HIER 
USCIS A, 
A200176 395 
CODE 
ACCOINT NUMBER 
083673334206 
TCR 
SERVICECENTER 
NBC 
PAGE 
l ift 
KARYNA SHULIAK 
To pone.. your application. USCIS must capture your biomeinc and have your fingerprint. cleared by the FRI. The 
naturaliration certificate. PLEASE APPEAR AT THE BELOW APPLICATION SUPPORT CENTER AT THE, 
If you am unable to do so. complete the bottom of this notice and return the entire original notice to the address below. 
APPOINTMENT WILL DELAY YOUR APPLICATION. IF YOU FAIL TO APPEAR AS SCHEDULED 
RESCHEDULING, YOUR APPLICATION WILL BE CONSIDERED ABANDONED. 
ts. 
photo taken 
DATE. AND 
RESCHEDULING 
BELOW OR 
may 
FAIL 
he used 
TIME SPE-CIFIED. 
YOUR 
TO REQUEST 
— 
CAREFULLY. 
un your 
_ 
APPLICATION SUPPORT CENTER 
PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE NOTICE 
USCIS ST THOMAS 
DATE AND TIME. OF APPOINTMENT 
8000 Nisky Or. 1st Mr Ste IA. Lower Lobby S 
0310512018 
St Thomas VI 00802 
02:00PM 
WHEN YOU GO TO THE: APPLICATION SUPPORT CENTER TO HAVE YOUR BIOMETRICS TAKEN. YOU MUST BRING: 
I. TIIIS APPOINTMENT NOTICE: and 
2. PHOTO IDENTIFICATION. Naturalization applicants must bong their Alien Resident Card. All other applicants must bring a pampon. driver. 
license. national ID. military ID. or State-issued photo ID. If you appear without proper identification. you will not be fingerprinted. 
NOTE: If the USCIS ASC is closed due to inclement weather or for other unforeseen eircumuances. USCIS will automatically meta:dole your 
appoini tom for the next available appointment date and mail you a notice with the new date and time. 
PLEASE. DISREGARD THIS NOTICE IF YOUR APPLICATION HAS ALREADY BEEN GRANTED. 
USCIS Its a free booklet to help you study for the naturalization test. Ask about team About the United States: Quick Civics Lessons when you go to 
have your fingerprints taken at the Application Support Cana. 
NO CELL PHONES. CAMERAS. OR OTHER RECORDING DEVICES PERMITTED. 
U 
Please reschedule 
your records. then mail 
If you bust any WIC 
REQUEST FOR RESCHEDULING 
my appointment. Once USCIS mei yes your request, you will he sent a new appointment notice. Make a copy of this notice for 
the original with your request to BPU. Alexandria ASC. Suite 100. 8850 Richmond Hwy. Alexandria. VA 22309-1586 
APPLICATION EtmiWit 
N400 - 10E0903457161 
IIII 
I 
I 
III! 
Duo% regarding this notice, please call I-800-375-5283. 
WARNING: Dues limited seating availability in our lobby circa. Indy persons who are necesswy to assist meth transportation or completing de biometrics 
worksheet should an mammy you. If you ham open wounds or btoulages/rasts n hen you appear. ,he ftSCIS may reschedule your appointment if it is 
determined your injuries will burden with taking tour biometrics 
If Ibis is an Interview or biometrics appointment notice, please see the back of this notice for important information. 
Form I.797C 07/II/14 Y 
EFTA00806686
--- PAGE 2 ---
If you are visiting a field office and need directions, including public transportation directions, please see 
vnvw.uscis.eov/fieldoffices for more information. 
Notice for Customers with Disabilities 
USCIS is committed to providing customers with disabilities the same level of access to its programs and activities that 
customers without disabilities have (see the USCIS Web site for an explanation and examples of accommodations). If 
you need an accommodation for your appointment due to a disability that affects your access to a USCIS program or 
activity OR if a disability prevents you from going to the designated USCIS location for your appointment, please call the 
National Customer Service Center (NCSC) at 1-800-375-5283 (TTY: I.800.767-1833) to request an accommodation. 
Call the NCSC even if you indicated on your application or petition that you require an accommodation. Also, you 
must contact the NCSC to request an accommodation each time you have an appointment with USCIS. For 
example, you must call the NCSC to request an accommodation for your biometrics appointment and again for an 
accommodation for your interview appointment. 
NOTICE: All domestic USCIS offices are accessible to individuals with physical disabilities. You do not need to 
request an accommodation if your ONLY need is an accommodation that would enable or facilitate you having physical 
access to a domestic USCIS office. 
NOTE: Naturalization applicants should not call the NCSC to request an exception from the English and/or civics testing 
requirement. You must submit Form N-648, Medical Certification for Disability Exceptions to request an exception. See 
the form instructions for additional information. 
EFTA00806687

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806688.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS and ST. JOHN 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC, and LSJE, LLC, 
CIVIL NO. ST-2019-CV-057 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
PROSOLAR SYSTEMS, LLC, 
Defendant. 
TO: 
ESTRELLA GEORGE 
Clerk of the Court 
St. Thomas, VI 00804 
COMPLAINT FOR 
BREACH OF 
CONTRACT & FRAUD 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned Law Offices hereby enters an 
appearance as counsel of record for Defendant, PROSOLAR SYSTEMS, LLC and requests 
that copies of all notices, motions, and pleadings be directed to 2107 Company Street, Lot No. 
4, P.O. Box 224191, Christiansted, St. Croix 008224918 and at videfense@capdevillelaw.com. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Law Offices of Douglas L. Capdev le, P.C. 
DATED: April  I 
, 2019 
AS L C 
ILLE, ESQ. 
Attorneys for Defendan 
V.I. BAR MI 
2107 Company St. - Lot #4 
P.O. Box 224191 
St. Croix, USVI 00822 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this • .2.-  day of April, 2019, I caused a true and correct 
copy of the foregoing NOTICE OF APPEARANCE to be served via US. Mail, postage 
prepaid, upon Christopher Allen Kroblin, Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin, PLLC, Royal Palms 
Professional Building, 9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101, St. Thomas, VI 00802. 
EFTA00806688

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806689.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
CASE NO. 09-34791-RBR 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
CHAPTER 11 
Debtor. 
NOTICE OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
Pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 41, Movants, Fanner Jaffee Weissing Edwards 
Fistos & Lehrman, Bradley J. Edwards and Intervenors L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe, voluntarily 
dismiss their Motions for Contempt against Jeffrey Epstein with prejudice and all causes of action 
which have or could have been asserted in this action and all claims for all forms of damages, 
including compensatory damages, sanctions, punitive damages, prejudgment interest, costs and 
attorneys' fees. Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, L.M., E.W., Jane Doe and Epstein will each bear their 
own attorneys' fees and costs. 
Dated: 
, 2018. 
Respectfully submitted, 
EDWARDS POTTINGER LLC 
Bradley J. Edwards FLBN 
Brittany N. Henderson FLBN 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
ax: 
EFTA00806689
--- PAGE 2 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Brittany N. Henderson 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Counsel for Farmer Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
Paul G. Cassell 
Peter E. Shapiro 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of 
Shapiro Law 
Utah 
332 S. University St. 
8551 West Sunrise Boulevard, Suite 3000 
Plantation, FL 33322 
12-0730 
Counsel for L.M., E. W. and Jane Doe 
Counsel for L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
Niall T. McLachlan 
Isaac M. Marcushamer 
Carlton Fields Jorden Burt, P.A. 
Berger Singerman LLP 
100 S.E. Second Street, Suite 4200 
1450 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1900 
Miami, FL 33131 
Miami, FL 33131 
Counsel for Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
Counsel for Liquidating Trustee 
Scott J. Link 
Chad P. Pugatch 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
Rice Pugatch Robinson Storfer & Cohen, PLLC 
101 N.E. Third Avenue, Suite 1800 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 930 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
Co-Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00806690

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806691.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
NOTICE OF VOLUNTARY DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
Pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.420, Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
and Intervenors L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe, voluntarily dismiss with prejudice Edwards' 
Counterclaim and Intervenors' claims against Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, and all causes 
of action which have or could have been asserted in this action and all claims for all forms of 
damages, including compensatory damages, punitive damages, sanctions, prejudgment interest, 
costs and attorneys' fees. Edwards, L.M., E.W., Jane Doe and Epstein will each bear their own 
attorneys' fees and costs. 
EFTA00806691
--- PAGE 2 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule of 
Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
SEARCY, DENNY, SCAROLA, BARNHART & 
SHIPLEY, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
By: Is/ 
Jack Scarola (FBN 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Counsel for Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. 
Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Blvd., Suite 930 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant1Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Suite 2 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
1075 Broken Sound Parkway N.W., Suite 102 
Boca Raton, FL 33487-3541 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00806692
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jack A. Goldberger 
Paul Cassell 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
383 S. University 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
cassellpalaw.utah.edu 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-CounseI for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00806693

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806694.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
H1- 1 EENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
APPENDIX IN SUPPORT OF RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION 
TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' 
SECOND SUPPLEMENT TO MOTION IN LIMINE ADDRESSING SCOPE OF 
ADMISSIBLE EVIDENCE 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), hereby files this Appendix in 
support of his Response in Opposition to Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' 
("Edwards") Second Supplement to Motion in Limine Addressing Scope of Admissible Evidence. 
INTRODUCTION 
In his Motion, Edwards argues that "Epstein cannot establish that he had probable cause to 
sue Bradley Edwards by relying upon evidence that he did not know about at the time he filed suit. 
All testimony and evidence regarding the internal activities at RRA learned subsequent to 
December 7, 2009 and offered to support the existence of probable cause are irrelevant to issues 
in the pending proceeding and should be excluded from evidence on that basis." (Mot. at 1 2.) 
It is obvious that Edwards does not want the jury to see the evidence because it contradicts 
the positions he has taken in this case in his sworn deposition testimony and will ultimately result 
EFTA00806694
--- PAGE 2 ---
in a verdict in Epstein's favor. For example, on October 17, 2009, just 49 days before Epstein 
filed suit, Edwards asked Cassell if there was "any way to bait [Epstein] into suing me?" See App. 
. Another example is a string of e-mails on October 23, 2009, where Edwards, Rothstein and 
others were looking for ways to avoid the structured settlement statute in one of the Epstein cases. 
See App.  
. As set forth in Epstein's Response, the evidence that Edwards produced in 
discovery to Epstein supports not only Epstein's continuation of his action, it highlights Edwards' 
role in helping Rothstein structure a claim in the Epstein case that would not be subject to court 
scrutiny, as well as eliminating the notion that Epstein suing him was a surprise and caused 
emotional anxiety and it would be reversible error to hold that Epstein cannot offer this compelling 
evidence to the jury. 
Epstein files this Appendix as an illustration for the Court to understand the types of 
documents Edwards is asking this Court to exclude from the trial. Because the documents are 
lengthy, Epstein has provided the Court with a summary below.
SUMMARY OF DOCUMENTS? 
[Typographical errors in quotes have not been corrected] 
For the Court's consideration, we have reviewed the Court's file for a Confidentiality Stipulation and 
Order, we have searched former counsel's records, we have spoken with the lead counsel at Fowler 
White (Joseph Ackerman) and we have asked Edwards' counsel (David Vitale) if he was aware of any 
confidentiality restrictions on exhibits that would be submitted into evidence to see if there are any 
confidentiality orders or signed agreements that govern the way these documents are to be treated at 
trial. We have seen reference to confidentiality discussions in 2011 that relate to how the documents 
would be produced. Some of the documents have already been used during deposition. Generally, 
based on our review of the files, it appears that approximately 28,000 pages were reviewed by Mr. 
Edwards' law firm, approximately 3,000 pages were withheld as privileged and roughly 25,000 pages 
were produced on a disk with bates stamps but no watermark or confidentiality designations. Mr. 
Edwards testified in his deposition in 2013 that he reviewed 25,000 pages of documents and that those 
documents were produced to Epstein. In addition, it seems as though as late as a week before Epstein 
dismissed his lawsuit against Edwards the parties were still fighting over a significant number of 
documents that were marked privileged and have yet to be produced. 
Names of the alleged victims have been replaced with initials in this summary and the documents, 
but an unredacted version will be provided to the Court for the hearing. 
EFTA00806695

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806696.pdf
----------------------------------------
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
Notice of Investigation 
The Arizona State University (ASU) Office of Equity and Inclusion is conducting an official administrative 
investigation. The allegations in this investigation pertain to you and your official duties at ASU. The 
specific allegations known at this time include: 
• 
ACD 401: Prohibition Against Discrimination, Harassment, and Retaliation 
You are asked to cooperate in this investigation and are expected, at all times, to answer questions fully 
and truthfully. Statements made during this investigation in addressing the allegations cannot be used 
to incriminate you in a criminal proceeding. Failure to answer or participate in this investigation will be 
grounds for disciplinary action up to and including termination. 
ASU has a compelling interest in protecting the integrity of this investigation. Therefore, to avoid 
compromising the investigation, facts and information shared during this investigation are to be held 
strictly confidential. With the exception of your spouse, health care provider, clergy, or attorney, you are 
not to discuss any part of this investigation with anyone while the investigation is pending, including, but 
not limited to, any person directly or indirectly involved in this investigation, co-workers, ASU students, 
faculty, or University staff members. 
ASU policy requires members of the University community to cooperate throughout the investigative 
process. Retaliation against anyone for participating in this investigation is strictly prohibited. If you 
believe that you have been retaliated against based on your participation, please notify the Office of 
Equity and Inclusion immediately at (480) 965-5057. As you would reasonably expect, you are also 
prohibited from engaging in retaliation. 
As noted, maintaining the integrity of this investigation is paramount. Therefore, any witness who fails 
to answer questions fully and truthfully during this investigation, fails to strictly adhere to the 
confidentiality directive, or engages in retaliation may be subject to discipline, up to and including 
termination of employment or expulsion from the university. 
Your cooperation and participation in this administrative investigation are valued and appreciated. 
By signing below you are acknowledging receipt of this Notice of Investigation. 
Employee 
Date 
Witness 
Office of Equity and Inclusion 
1100 E. University Road 
PO Box 871304 Tempe, AZ 85287.1304 
(480) 965-5057 efax: (480) 237-7998 
http://do.asu.edu/hr-diversity 
EFTA00806696

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806697.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
I 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
NOTICE ABOUT TRIAL TESTIMONY 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to the Court's oral rulings at the 
May 23, 2018, hearing, on Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Permit Bradley J. 
Edwards to Take the Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein (Tr. 19:19-20:2), hereby provides 
notice to the Court and parties that Jeffrey Epstein does not plan to testify at Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley Edwards' malicious prosecution trial. In light of the foregoing, and in accordance with 
the Court's ruling, Epstein therefore does not plan to answer questions at his deposition about 
which materials he plans to use to testify at trial. If a decision is made in the future that Epstein 
will testify at the counter-claim trial, Epstein will make himself available for deposition on this 
limited issue. 
EFTA00806697
--- PAGE 2 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on August 14, 2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant1Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00806698
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant1Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jejjrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake Cit UT 84112-0730 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesety Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00806699

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806700.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
NOTICE ABOUT TRIAL TESTIMONY 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to the Court's oral rulings at the 
May 23, 2018, hearing, on Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Permit Bradley J. 
Edwards to Take the Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein (cr. 19:19-20:2), hereby provides 
notice to the Court and parties that Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein does not plan to testify at Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley Edwards' malicious prosecution trial. In light of the foregoing, and in accordance 
with the Court's ruling, Epstein therefore does not plan to answer questions at his deposition about 
which materials he plans to use to testify at trial. If a decision is made in the future that Epstein 
will testify at the counter-claim trial, Epstein will make himself available for deposition on this 
limited issue. 
EFTA00806700
--- PAGE 2 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on July 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00806701
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Cmmter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake Cit UT 84112-0730 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesety Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00806702

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806703.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
NOTICE ABOUT TRIAL TESTIMONY 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to the Court's oral rulings at the 
May 23, 2018, hearing, on Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Permit Bradley J. 
Edwards to Take the Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein (Tr. 19:19-20:2) hereby provides notice 
to the Court and parties that he will not be testifying at any trial proceedings of this case. In light 
of the foregoing and in accordance with the Court's ruling, Epstein therefore is not required to 
answer questions at his deposition about which materials he plans to use to testify at trial. 
EFTA00806703
--- PAGE 2 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on July_,
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jea•ey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00806704
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Cotmter-Defendant 
Jef`rey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
111.1 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00806705

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806706.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT; PRIVILEGED; ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 X 
MARVIN GERBER AND KALMA KOENIG, : 
on behalf of themselves and all others similarly : 
situated, 
Plaintiffs, 
-against-
THE FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, XYZ 
CORPORATION, ABC, INC., and JEFFREY
E. EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
X 
Index No. 1:18-cv-07580-JPO 
DEFENDANTS THE FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY AND JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN'S 
NOTICE OF MOTION TO DISMISS PLAINTIFFS' COMPLAINT WITH PREJUDICE 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that, upon declaration of Bennet J. Moskowitz dated September 
14, 2018 and the exhibits annexed thereto, and the accompanying memorandum of law, on October 
8, 2018 at 9:30 a.m., or as soon thereafter as counsel may be heard, Defendants The Financial 
Trust Company ("FTC") and Jeffrey E. Epstein (together with FTC, the "Defendants"), by and 
through their undersigned counsel, will move this Court, before the Honorable J. Paul Oetken, in 
Courtroom 706 at the United States Courthouse for the Southern District of New York, located at 
Foley Square, New York, NY 10007, for an Order: 
I. 
Pursuant to Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 9(b) and 12(b)(6), dismissing 
Plaintiffs' Complaint in its entirety, with prejudice; and 
2. 
Granting Defendants such other and further relief as the Court deems just and 
proper. 
36343447v1 
EFTA00806706
--- PAGE 2 ---
DRAFT; PRIVILEGED; ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
Dated: New York, New York. 
Respectfully submitted, 
September 14, 2018 
TROUTMAN SANDERS LLP 
875 Third Avenue 
New York, New York 10022 
By:  /.s/Bennett. Moskowitz 
Bennet J. Moskowitz 
Attorneys for Defendants The Financial Trust 
Company and Jeffrey E. Epstein 
36343447v1 
EFTA00806707

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806708.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
APPELLATE DIVISION - FIRST DEPARTMENT 
x 
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK, 
- against -
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
Respondent, 
Defendant-Appellant. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
x 
App. Div. No. 6081 
On Appeal from New York Supreme Court, 
New York County, Index No. 30129/10 
(Pickholz, J.) 
NOTICE OF MOTION TO UNSEAL APPELLATE BRIEFS 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that, upon the accompanying affirmation of John M. Browning 
sworn to on December 21, 2018, together with the exhibits annexed thereto, the accompanying 
memorandum of law and all pleadings and proceedings heretofore had herein, non-party movant 
NYP Holdings, Inc., by its undersigned counsel, will move this Court at a term thereof to be held 
at the Appellate Division Courthouse located at 27 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010, 
on December 31, 2018, at 10:00 a.m., or as soon thereafter as counsel may be heard, for an order 
unsealing the briefs in the above-captioned appeal. 
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that answering papers, if any, shall be served upon 
the undersigned on or before the last date permitted by CPLR 2214. 
Dated: New York, New York 
December 21, 2018 
Respectfully submitted, 
• o 
DAVIS WRIGHT TREMAINE LLP 
By:  
Robert D. Balin 
John M. Browning 
4848-4442-5859v.1 3930033-000039 
EFTA00806708
--- PAGE 2 ---
1251 Avenue of the Americas, 21st Floor 
New York, NY 10020-1104 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Email: 
Attorneys for Non-Party Movant NYP Holdings, 
Inc. 
4848-4442-5859v.13930033-000039 
EFTA00806709
--- PAGE 3 ---
SUPREME COURT, APPELLATE DIVISION 
FIRST DEPARTMENT 
x 
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, 
- against - 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
Respondent, 
Defendant-Appellant. 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) ss.: 
• 
• 
• 
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
x 
App. Div. No. 6081 
On Appeal from New York 
Supreme Court, New York 
County, Index No. 30129/10 
(Pickholz, J.) 
AFFIDAVIT OF SERVICE 
JOIN BROWNING, being duly sworn, states, I am not a party to the action, am 
over 18 years of age and reside in Kings County, New York. On December 21, 2018, I served a 
true and correct copy of the annexed by overnight mail in the custody of Federal Express 
directed to the following: 
Martin Weinberg 
Park Place, Sbc 1000 
Boston, MA 02116 
District Attorney—New York County 
One Hogan Place 
New York, New York 10013 
Dated: New York, New York 
December 21, 2018 
4816-3259-7636v.1 - 
EFTA00806710
--- PAGE 4 ---
Sworn to before me this 
21st day of December, 2018. 
(4)&2-zee 
Notary Public 
LORETTA E. PERRY 
I 
Notary Public, State of New York 
No. 24-4931617 
Qualified in Kings County A n
, 
Commission Expires August 1,
21.0./ 
4816-3259-7636v.1 - 
By: 
or 
EFTA00806711

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806712.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
H1- 1 EENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
NOTICE OF NO OBJECTION TO ATTORNEY PAUL CASSELL. ON BEHALF OF 
L.M., E.W. AND JANE DOE, OR DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF BRADLEY J. 
EDWARDS MOVING TO SEAL COURT RECORDS UNTIL THE COURT MAKES A 
DETERMINATION ON HOW THE DOCUMENTS SHALL BE TREATED 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") gives notice that, in light of the 
parties' differing views over the potentially privileged nature of the documents attached to 
Epstein's Appendix in Support of his Response in Opposition to Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") Second Supplement to Motion in Limine Addressing the Scope 
of Admissible Evidence, Epstein will not oppose Paul Cassell or Edwards filing a Motion seeking 
to seal the documents in accordance with the requirements of Administrative Order 2.303-0/09 
until such time as the Court has made a determination on Epstein's Motion for Court to Declare 
Relevant and Non-Privileged Nature of Documents, and Request for Additional Limited 
Discovery, Evidentiary Hearing and Appointment of Special Master. Paul Cassell, who has 
appeared on behalf of E.W., L.M. and Jane Doe, has requested that the documents be sealed to 
protect his clients' interests, however, his clients' names were redacted from the Court filing. 
EFTA00806712
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards' counsel's assertion that Epstein's current counsel obtained the documents in 
some inappropriate or unethical way is completely without merit. Epstein has already notified 
Edwards' counsel and Cassell that if they will identify by Bates number the documents they assert 
are attorney-client communications, Epstein will segregate and seal those documents. Lastly, 
Epstein wants the Court to understand that his agreement to not object is not based on any doubt 
in his position that the documents on the disc were produced many years ago and that the disc 
contains relevant and highly material e-mails that Epstein believes are case ending. Because the 
disc was also produced to William Scherer in the Razorback litigation and because some of the 
documents they claim were not to be produced were attached as exhibits to Edwards' deposition 
in 2013, any work product protection has long ago been waived. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on March 6, 2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
11110111.1 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbaclial 
Angela M. Many (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondar 
Secondar 
Secondar 
Secondar 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00806713
--- PAGE 3 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LW 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
• 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Je re E. stein 
VIA EMAIL 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University Str. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
VIA EMAIL 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
jayhowell.com 
Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
EFTA00806714

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806715.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
NOTICE OF PRODUCTION FROM NON-PARTY 
TO: SIMS 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
William Chester Brewiiiimi
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE NOTIFIED that after ten (10) days from the date of service of this Notice, if 
service is by delivery, or fifteen (15) days from the date of service, if service is by mail, and if no 
objection is received from any party, the undersigned will issue or apply to the Clerk of this Court 
for issuance of the attached Subpoenas directed to the following individual to produce the items 
listed at the time and place specified in the Subpoena. 
1. Joseph L. Ackerman, Esquire 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 2100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00806715
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Production from Non-Party 
Page 2 
2. Robert D. Critton, Esquire 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
3. Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
4. Roy Black, Esquire 
Black Srebnick Komspan and Stumpf, P.A. 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard, #1300 
Miami, FL 33131 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this  141
day of 
JACK S 
Flori 
Atto 
Searcy Denney Scaro a 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys o 
Edwards 
2017. 
P ey, 
EFTA00806716
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Production from Non-Party 
Page 3 
COUNSEL LIST 
William Chester Brewer Esc 
Esquire 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldbe er 
•titre 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or e rey pstein 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & 
Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 3 301 
Phone: 
Fax:, 
Fred Haddad. Es 
Esquire 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lau 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale. 
333 01 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. T
ri
urik 
re 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00806717
--- PAGE 4 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM TO NON-PARTY 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Joseph L. Ackerman. Esquire 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 2100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, West Palm Beach, Florida, 33409 on October 10, 2017 at 1:00 
p.m. and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
Duces Tecum: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing and prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
EFTA00806718
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 2 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
These items will be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be required to 
surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by providing legible copies of 
the items to be produced to the attorney whose name appears on this subpoena on or before the 
scheduled date of production. You may condition the preparation of the copies upon the payment 
in advance of the reasonable cost of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney 
whose name appears on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this subpoena at any 
time before production by giving written notice to the attorney whose name appears on this 
subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1) 
Appear as specified; or 
EFTA00806719
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 4 
CERTIFICATION OF RESPONSE TO 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
The undersigned, as custodian of records for Joseph L. Ackerman, Esquire, certifies that 
the attached documents consisting of 
pages represents a true copy of all items within my 
possession, custody or control which are described in the Subpoena Duces Tecum Without 
Deposition served on me in the above styled action and each page is numbered by me for 
identification. Production is complete and has been numbered by the custodian of records. 
It is further certified that originals of the items produced are maintained under the direction, 
custody and control of the undersigned. 
The foregoing Certification was acknowledged before me, an officer duly authorized in the 
State and County aforesaid to take acknowledgments, this 
day of 
, 2017, 
who: 
[ 
is personally known to me; or 
has produced 
did or 
as identification; and who: 
[ ] 
did not, take an oath, 
and who executed the foregoing certification, and who acknowledged the foregoing certification 
to be freely and voluntarily executed for the purposes therein recited. 
Notary Public, State of Florida at Large 
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00806720
--- PAGE 7 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800)00:XMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM TO NON-PARTY 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Robert D. Critton, Esquire 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, West Palm Beach, Florida, 33409 on October 6, 2017 at 1:30 
p.m. and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
Duces Tecum: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing and prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
EFTA00806721
--- PAGE 8 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 2 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
These items will be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be required to 
surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by providing legible copies of 
the items to be produced to the attorney whose name appears on this subpoena on or before the 
scheduled date of production. You may condition the preparation of the copies upon the payment 
in advance of the reasonable cost of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney 
whose name appears on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this subpoena at any 
time before production by giving written notice to the attorney whose name appears on this 
subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1) 
Appear as specified; or 
2) 
Furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3) 
Object to this subpoena, 
EFTA00806722
--- PAGE 9 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 3 
You may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and 
unless excused from this subpoena by this attorney or the court, you shall respond to this subpoena 
as directed. 
DATED this 
day of 
 , 2017. 
nmary E-mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or ra ey 
wards 
EFTA00806723
--- PAGE 10 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 4 
CERTIFICATION OF RESPONSE TO 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
The undersigned, as custodian of records for Robert D. Critton, Esquire, certifies that the 
attached documents consisting of 
pages represents a true copy of all items within my 
possession, custody or control which are described in the Subpoena Duces Tecum Without 
Deposition served on me in the above styled action and each page is numbered by me for 
identification. Production is complete and has been numbered by the custodian of records. 
It is fiu-ther certified that originals of the items produced are maintained under the direction, 
custody and control of the undersigned. 
The foregoing Certification was acknowledged before me, an officer duly authorized in the 
State and County aforesaid to take acknowledgments, this 
day of 
, 2017, 
who: 
[ ] 
is personally known to me; or 
[ ] 
has produced 
as identification; and who: 
[ ] 
did or 
[ ] 
did not, take an oath, 
and who executed the foregoing certification, and who acknowledged the foregoing certification 
to be freely and voluntarily executed for the purposes therein recited. 
Notary Public, State of Florida at Large 
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00806724
--- PAGE 11 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XX3CXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM TO NON-PARTY 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, West Palm Beach, Florida, 33409 on October 6, 2017 at 10:30 
a.m. and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
Duces Tecum: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing and prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
EFTA00806725
--- PAGE 12 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 2 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
These items will be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be required to 
surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by providing legible copies of 
the items to be produced to the attorney whose name appears on this subpoena on or before the 
scheduled date of production. You may condition the preparation of the copies upon the payment 
in advance of the reasonable cost of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney 
whose name appears on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this subpoena at any 
time before production by giving written notice to the attorney whose name appears on this 
subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1) 
Appear as specified; or 
EFTA00806726
--- PAGE 13 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 3 
2) 
Furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3) 
Object to this subpoena, 
You may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and 
unless excused from this subpoena by this attorney or the court, you shall respond to this subpoena 
as directed. 
DATED this 
day of 
 , 2017. 
Primary E-mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley Edwards 
EFTA00806727
--- PAGE 14 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 4 
CERTIFICATION OF RESPONSE TO 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
The undersigned, as custodian of records for Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire, certifies that the 
attached documents consisting of 
pages represents a true copy of all items within my 
possession, custody or control which are described in the Subpoena Duces Tecum Without 
Deposition served on me in the above styled action and each page is numbered by me for 
identification. Production is complete and has been numbered by the custodian of records. 
It is further certified that originals of the items produced are maintained under the direction, 
custody and control of the undersigned. 
The foregoing Certification was acknowledged before me, an officer duly authorized in the 
State and County aforesaid to take acknowledgments, this 
day of 
2017, 
who: 
[ ] 
is personally known to me; or 
[ ] 
has produced 
as identification; and who: 
[ ] 
did or 
[ ] 
did not, take an oath, 
and who executed the foregoing certification, and who acknowledged the foregoing certification 
to be freely and voluntarily executed for the purposes therein recited. 
Notary Public, State of Florida at Large 
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00806728
--- PAGE 15 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM TO NON-PARTY 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Roy Black, Esquire 
Black Srebnick Kornspan and Stumpf, P.A. 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard, #1300 
Miami, FL 33131 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at Seamy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, West Palm Beach, Florida, 33409 on October 6, 2017 at 3:30 
p.m. and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
Duces Tecum: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing and prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
EFTA00806729
--- PAGE 16 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 2 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
These items will be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be required to 
surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by providing legible copies of 
the items to be produced to the attorney whose name appears on this subpoena on or before the 
scheduled date of production. You may condition the preparation of the copies upon the payment 
in advance of the reasonable cost of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney 
whose name appears on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this subpoena at any 
time before production by giving written notice to the attorney whose name appears on this 
subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
I ) 
Appear as specified; or 
EFTA00806730
--- PAGE 17 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 3 
2) 
Furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3) 
Object to this subpoena, 
You may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and 
unless excused from this subpoena by this attorney or the court, you shall respond to this subpoena 
as directed. 
DATED this 
day of 
2017. 
Primary E-mail 
Seamy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West palm Rrarh Flnnrla 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
wards
Attorneys or ra 
Bradley 
EFTA00806731
--- PAGE 18 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 4 
CERTIFICATION OF RESPONSE TO 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
The undersigned, as custodian of records for Roy Black, Esquire, certifies that the attached 
documents consisting of 
pages represents a true copy of all items within my possession, 
custody or control which are described in the Subpoena Duces Tecum Without Deposition served 
on me in the above styled action and each page is numbered by me for identification. Production 
is complete and has been numbered by the custodian of records. 
It is further certified that originals of the items produced are maintained under the direction, 
custody and control of the undersigned. 
The foregoing Certification was acknowledged before me, an officer duly authorized in the 
State and County aforesaid to take acknowledgments, this 
day of 
, 2017, 
who: 
is personally known to me; or 
has produced 
as identification; and who: 
did or 
did not, take an oath, 
and who executed the foregoing certification, and who acknowledged the foregoing certification 
to be freely and voluntarily executed for the purposes therein recited. 
Notary Public, State of Florida at Large 
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00806732

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806733.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
NOTICE OF PRODUCTION FROM NON-PARTY 
TO: 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Es uire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
William Chester Brewer, Es uire 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE NOTIFIED that after ten (10) days from the date of service of this Notice, if 
service is by delivery, or fifteen (15) days from the date of service, if service is by mail, and if no 
objection is received from any party, the undersigned will issue or apply to the Clerk of this Court 
for issuance of the attached Subpoenas directed to the following individual to produce the items 
listed at the time and place specified in the Subpoena. 
1. Joseph L. Ackerman, Esquire 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 2100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00806733
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Production from Non-Party 
Page 2 
2. Robert D. Critton, Esquire 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
3. Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
4. Roy Black, Esquire 
Black Srebnick Komspan and Stumpf, P.A. 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard, #1300 
Miami, FL 33131 
HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
day of  
.9-S t , 2017. 
JACK S 
Flori 
Atto 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or ra ey . 
wards 
EFTA00806734
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Notice of Production from Non-Party 
Page 3 
COUNSEL LIST 
William Chester Brewer, Es uire 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West P 
401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Fanner Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & 
Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fred Haddad, Es uire 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Fax:
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Mar
l
ii
urilc, 
uire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax 
Attorneys br coit Koulslein 
EFTA00806735
--- PAGE 4 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM TO NON-PARTY 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Esquire 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 2100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, West Palm Beach, Florida, 33409 on October 10, 2017 at 1:00 
p.m. and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
Duces Tecum: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing
 prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
EFTA00806736
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 2 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
These items will be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be required to 
surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by providing legible copies of 
the items to be produced to the attorney whose name appears on this subpoena on or before the 
scheduled date of production. You may condition the preparation of the copies upon the payment 
in advance of the reasonable cost of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney 
whose name appears on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this subpoena at any 
time before production by giving written notice to the attorney whose name appears on this 
subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1) 
Appear as specified; or 
EFTA00806737
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 4 
CERTIFICATION OF RESPONSE TO 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
The undersigned, as custodian of records for Joseph L. Ackerman, Esquire, certifies that 
the attached documents consisting of 
pages represents a true copy of all items within my 
possession, custody or control which are described in the Subpoena Duces Tecum Without 
Deposition served on me in the above styled action and each page is numbered by me for 
identification. Production is complete and has been numbered by the custodian of records. 
It is further certified that originals of the items produced are maintained under the direction, 
custody and control of the undersigned. 
The foregoing Certification was acknowledged before me, an officer duly authorized in the 
State and County aforesaid to take acknowledgments, this 
day of 
, 2017, 
who: 
[ ] 
is personally known to me; or 
[ ] 
has produced 
as identification; and who: 
] 
did or 
[ ] 
did not, take an oath, 
and who executed the foregoing certification, and who acknowledged the foregoing certification 
to be freely and voluntarily executed for the purposes therein recited. 
Notary Public, State of Florida at Large 
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00806738
--- PAGE 7 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM TO NON-PARTY 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Robert D. Critton, Esquire 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, West Palm Beach, Florida, 33409 on October 6, 2017 at 1:30 
p.m. and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
Duces Tecum: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing and prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
•"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
EFTA00806739
--- PAGE 8 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 2 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
These items will be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be required to 
surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by providing legible copies of 
the items to be produced to the attorney whose name appears on this subpoena on or before the 
scheduled date of production. You may condition the preparation of the copies upon the payment 
in advance of the reasonable cost of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney 
whose name appears on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this subpoena at any 
time before production by giving written notice to the attorney whose name appears on this 
subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
I ) 
Appear as specified; or 
2) 
Furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3) 
Object to this subpoena, 
EFTA00806740
--- PAGE 9 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 3 
You may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and 
unless excused from this subpoena by this attorney or the court, you shall respond to this subpoena 
as directed. 
DATED this 
day of 
Primary E-mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley Edwards 
2017. 
EFTA00806741
--- PAGE 10 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 4 
CERTIFICATION OF RESPONSE TO 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
The undersigned, as custodian of records for Robert D. Critton, Esquire, certifies that the 
attached documents consisting of 
pages represents a true copy of all items within my 
possession, custody or control which are described in the Subpoena Duces Tecum Without 
Deposition served on me in the above styled action and each page is numbered by me for 
identification. Production is complete and has been numbered by the custodian of records. 
It is further certified that originals of the items produced are maintained under the direction, 
custody and control of the undersigned. 
The foregoing Certification was acknowledged before me, an officer duly authorized in the 
State and County aforesaid to take acknowledgments, this 
day of 
, 2017, 
who: 
[ ] 
is personally known to me; or 
[ ] 
has produced 
as identification; and who: 
[ ] 
did or 
[ ] 
did not, take an oath, 
and who executed the foregoing certification, and who acknowledged the foregoing certification 
to be freely and voluntarily executed for the purposes therein recited. 
Notary Public, State of Florida at Large 
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00806742
--- PAGE 11 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM TO NON-PARTY 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, West Palm Beach, Florida, 33409 on October 6, 2017 at 10:30 
a.m. and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
Duces Tecum: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing and prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
EFTA00806743
--- PAGE 12 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 2 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
These items will be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be required to 
surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by providing legible copies of 
the items to be produced to the attorney whose name appears on this subpoena on or before the 
scheduled date of production. You may condition the preparation of the copies upon the payment 
in advance of the reasonable cost of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney 
whose name appears on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this subpoena at any 
time before production by giving written notice to the attorney whose name appears on this 
subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1) 
Appear as specified; or 
EFTA00806744
--- PAGE 13 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA0401100XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non•Party 
Page 3 
2) 
Furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3) 
Object to this subpoena, 
You may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and 
unless excused from this subpoena by this attorney or the court, you shall respond to this subpoena 
as directed. 
DATED this 
day of 
 , 2017. 
Primary E-mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West 
Flnrirta 33409 
Phone 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley Edwards 
EFTA00806745
--- PAGE 14 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 4 
CERTIFICATION OF RESPONSE TO 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
The undersigned, as custodian of records for Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire, certifies that the 
attached documents consisting of 
 pages represents a true copy of all items within my 
possession, custody or control which are described in the Subpoena Duces Tecum Without 
Deposition served on me in the above styled action and each page is numbered by me for 
identification. Production is complete and has been numbered by the custodian of records. 
It is further certified that originals of the items produced are maintained under the direction, 
custody and control of the undersigned. 
The foregoing Certification was acknowledged before me, an officer duly authorized in the 
State and County aforesaid to take acknowledgments, this 
day of 
, 2017, 
who: 
is personally known to me; or 
has produced 
did or 
did not, take an oath, 
as identification; and who: 
and who executed the foregoing certification, and who acknowledged the foregoing certification 
to be freely and voluntarily executed for the purposes therein recited. 
Notary Public, State of Florida at Large 
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00806746
--- PAGE 15 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
individually, 
Defendant(s). 
I 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM TO NON-PARTY 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Roy Black, Esquire 
Black Srebnick Komspan and Stumpf, P.A. 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard, #1300 
Miami, FL 33131 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, West Palm Beach, Florida, 33409 on October 6, 2017 at 3:30 
p.m. and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
Duces Tecum: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing and prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
EFTA00806747
--- PAGE 16 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 2 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
These items will be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be required to 
surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by providing legible copies of 
the items to be produced to the attorney whose name appears on this subpoena on or before the 
scheduled date of production. You may condition the preparation of the copies upon the payment 
in advance of the reasonable cost of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney 
whose name appears on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this subpoena at any 
time before production by giving written notice to the attorney whose name appears on this 
subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1) 
Appear as specified; or 
EFTA00806748
--- PAGE 17 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 3 
2) 
Furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3) 
Object to this subpoena, 
You may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and 
unless excused from this subpoena by this attorney or the court, you shall respond to this subpoena 
as directed. 
DATED this 
day of 
, 2017. 
JACK 
AR LA 
Fier' 
Ba 
o.: 
Attu e 
-Mail(s): 
; and 
mm 
Primary E-mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley. P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or ra ey 
wards 
EFTA00806749
--- PAGE 18 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena to Non-Party 
Page 4 
CERTIFICATION OF RESPONSE TO 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
The undersigned, as custodian of records for Roy Black, Esquire, certifies that the attached 
documents consisting of 
pages represents a true copy of all items within my possession, 
custody or control which are described in the Subpoena Duces Tecum Without Deposition served 
on me in the above styled action and each page is numbered by me for identification. Production 
is complete and has been numbered by the custodian of records. 
It is further certified that originals of the items produced are maintained under the direction, 
custody and control of the undersigned. 
The foregoing Certification was acknowledged before me, an officer duly authorized in the 
State and County aforesaid to take acknowledgments, this 
day of 
, 2017, 
who: 
is personally known to me; or 
has produced 
as identification; and who: 
did or 
did not, take an oath, 
and who executed the foregoing certification, and who acknowledged the foregoing certification 
to be freely and voluntarily executed for the purposes therein recited. 
Notary Public, State of Florida at Large 
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00806750

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806751.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
No. 17 Civ. 00616 (JGK) 
, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
, LESLEY GROFF and 
Defendants. 
PLAINTIFF'S NOTICE OF SERVICE OF RULE 45 SUBPOENA AND NOTICE OF 
TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF IGOR ZINOVIEV 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT, pursuant to Rules 30 and 45 of the Federal Rules of 
Civil Procedure, counsel for Plaintiff, 
will take a videotaped deposition as set 
forth below: 
NAME: 
Igor Zinoviev 
DATE AND TIME: 
November 15, 2018 at 10:00 a.m. 
LOCATION: 
Boies Schiller Flexner, LLP 
575 Lexington Avenue, 7th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
The videotaped deposition will be taken upon oral examination before Magna Legal 
Services, or any other notary public authorized by law to take depositions. The oral examination 
will continue from day to day until completed. 
The video operator shall be provided by Magna Legal Services. This deposition is being 
taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are permitted 
under the rules of this Court. 
I 
EFTA00806751
--- PAGE 2 ---
Plaintiff, 
also hereby provides Notice of Service of Subpoena upon Igor 
Zinoviev. A copy of the Subpoena is attached to this Notice. 
Dated: October 15, 2018. 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawley 
Sigrid McCawley (Pro Hac Vice) 
Meredith Schultz (Pro Hac Vice) 
Boies Schiller Flexner LLP 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. (Pro Hac Vice) 
Stanley Pottinger, Esq. 
EDWARDS POTTINGER LLC 
Paul G. Cassell (Pro Hac Vice) 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only 
and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah for this private 
representation. 
EFTA00806752
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on the 15th day of October, 2018, I served the attached 
PLAINTIFF'S NOTICE OF SERVICE OF RULE 45 SUBPOENA AND NOTICE OF TAKING 
VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF IGOR ZINOVIEV via Email to the following counsel of 
record. 
Michael Miller 
Justin Y.K Chu 
Michael A. Keough 
STEPTOE & JOHNSON LLP 
Scott J. Link 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein, 
and Lesley Groff 
Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
LAO: 
Lk 
9: 
kA
L 
ounse or 
us tune anve 
N, P.C. 
By: /s/Sierid McCawlev 
Sigrid McCawley 
EFTA00806753

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806754.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
LESLEY GROFF and 
Defendants. 
No. 17 Civ. 00616 (JGK) 
PLAINTIFF'S NOTICE OF SERVICE OF RULE 45 SUBPOENA AND NOTICE OF 
TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF DAVID RODGERS a/k/a DAVE RODGERS 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT, pursuant to Rules 30 and 45 of the Federal Rules of 
Civil Procedure, counsel for Plaintiff, 
will take a videotaped deposition as set 
forth below: 
NAME: 
DATE AND TIME: 
LOCATION: 
David Rodgers a/k/a Dave Rodgers 
November 19, 2018 at 9:00 a.m. 
Boies Schiller Flexner, LLP 
401 E. Las Olas Boulevard, Ste. 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
The videotaped deposition will be taken upon oral examination before Magna Legal 
Services, or any other notary public authorized by law to take depositions. The oral examination 
will continue from day to day until completed. 
The video operator shall be provided by Magna Legal Services. This deposition is being 
taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are permitted 
under the rules of this Court. 
I 
EFTA00806754
--- PAGE 2 ---
Plaintiff, 
also hereby provides Notice of Service of Subpoena upon 
David Rodgers a/k/a Dave Rodgers. A copy of the Subpoena is attached to this Notice. 
Dated: October 25, 2018. 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawley 
Sigrid McCawley (Pro Hac Vice) 
Meredith Schultz (Pro Hac Vice) 
Boies Schiller Flexner LLP 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. (Pro Hac Vice) 
Stanley Pottinger, Esq. 
EDWARDS POTTINGER LLC 
Paul G. Cassell (Pro Hac Vice) 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
University of Utah 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only 
and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah for this private 
representation. 
EFTA00806755
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on the 25th day of October, 2018, I served the attached 
PLAINTIFF'S NOTICE OF SERVICE OF RULE 45 SUBPOENA AND NOTICE OF TAKING 
VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF DAVID RODGERS a/k/a DAVE RODGERS via Email to 
the following counsel of record. 
Michael Miller 
Justin Y.K Chu 
Michael A. Keough 
Scott J. Link 
LINK & ROCKENBA H PA 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein, 
and Lesley Groff 
Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN, P.C. 
Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawlev 
Sigrid McCawley 
EFTA00806756

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806757.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 81169600 E-Filed 11/26/2018 10:25:33 AM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L.M., individually, 
Defendants, 
DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF'S SECOND AMENDED PROPOSED JURY 
INSTRUCTIONS AND VERDICT FORM 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, by and through undersigned 
counsel, hereby files his Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Forms for trial 
in the above-styled matter. These Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
incorporate all prior submissions and revisions and contain certain edits to Instruction 201.1 
(Description of the Case). 
No. 
Cite 
Jury Instruction 
Accepted 
(Y/N) 
I 
201.1 
Description of the Case 
201.2 
Introduction of Participants and Their 
Roles 
201.3 
Explanation of the Voir Dire Process 
202.1 
Introduction 
202.2 
Explanation of the Trial Procedure 
202.3 
Note-Taking by Jurors 
202.4 
Juror Questions 
301.1 
Deposition Testimony, Interrogatories, 
Stipulated Testimony, Stipulations and 
Admissions 
301.2 
Instruction 
When 
Firest 
Item 
of 
Documentary, Photographic or Physical 
Evidnece is Admitted 
EFTA00806757
--- PAGE 2 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 2 of 56 
301.3 
Instruction When Evidnece is Published to 
the Jury 
301.4 
Instruction 
Regarding 
Visual 
or 
Demonstrative Aids 
301.5 
Evidence Admitted for a Limited Purpose 
406.1 
Introduction 
406.2 
Summary of Claims 
406.3 
Greater Weight of the Evidence 
406.4 
Probable Cause 
406.5 
Legal Malice 
406.6 
Instituting or Continuing a Proceeding 
406.7 
Legal Cause 
406.8 
Issues on Claim 
406.9 
Burden of Proof on Claim 
406.12 
Malicious Prosecution Damages 
Special Instruction 
Amount of Loss or Harm is Uncertain or 
Difficult to Determine 
503.1 
Punitive Damages - Bifurcated Procedure 
601.1 
Weighing of the Evidence 
601.2 
Believability of Witnesses 
Special Instruction 
Adverse Inference Instruction — Fifth 
Amendment 
Special Instruction 
Federal Rule of Evidence 415 & Florida 
Statutes Section 90.404 
Special Instruction 
Natural and Probable Consequences 
Special Instruction 
Litigation Privilege 
Special Instruction 
Jeffrey Epstein's Failure to Testify at Trial 
Special Instruction 
The Sword-Shield Doctrine 
Special Instruction 
Epstein's Failure to Raise Advice of 
Counsel as a Defense 
601.5 
Concluding Instruction (Before Final 
Argument) 
700 
Closing Instructions 
Verdict Form 
Bradley Edwards' Verdict Form 
EFTA00806758
--- PAGE 3 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 3 of 56 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve to 
all Counsel on the attached list, this 26'h day of November, 2018. 
Zs/ David P. Vitale Jr 
JACK SCAROLA 
Florida Bar No.: 169440 
DAVID P. VITALE JR. 
Florida Bar No.: 
Attome E-Mail s 
and 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Bamhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach  Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00806759
--- PAGE 4 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 4 of 56 
COUNSEL LIST 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Segal, Esquire 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West P 
401 
Phone: 
Attorneys or ra ey . dwards 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
O1 
Marc S. Nurik, Esquire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00806760
--- PAGE 5 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEiN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 5 of 56 
PROPOSED JURY INSTRUCTIONS 
201.1 DESCRIPTION OF THE CASE 
Welcome. The Clerk will now administer your oath. 
Now that you have been sworn, I'd like to give you an idea about what we are here to do. 
This is a civil trial. A civil trial is different from a criminal case, where a defendant is charged by 
the state prosecutor with committing a crime. The subject of a civil trial is a disagreement between 
people or companies [or others, as appropriate], where the claims of one or more of these parties 
have been brought to court to be resolved. It is called "a trial of a lawsuit." 
This case concerns the following. Beginning in the summer of 2008, Bradley Edwards 
represented three females, L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe, who claimed they had been repeatedly 
sexually molested by Jeffrey Epstein. At the same time, dozens of other alleged victims were 
identified as having been sexually molested by Jeffrey Epstein, and many of those underage 
children retained lawyers in order to file civil claims against Epstein. Attorney Edwards took a 
leading role in coordinated discovery efforts in those sexual abuse lawsuits. 
Also in the summer of 2008, Attorney Edwards was lead counsel in a separate lawsuit 
against the federal government, which sought to invalidate a plea agreement that Epstein had 
entered into with the federal government. In that Agreement, the Federal Government agreed 
not to file Federal criminal charges against Epstein in exchange for Epstein pleading guilty to 
two state felony charges concerning his alleged molestation of children. He was registered as a 
Sex Offender and sentenced to 18 months incarceration followed by a period of house arrest. He 
was also required not to challenge the civil claims of approximately 40 young women identified 
by Federal Authorities as victims of his abuse, if those victims agreed to limit their damage 
claims. 
In April of 2009, Attorney Edwards took a job at the Rothstein Rosenfeldt and Adler law 
firm. Approximately six months later, while Attorney Edwards was prosecuting his clients' sexual 
molestation/abuse claims against Epstein and pursing the separate federal action to invalidate 
Epstein's plea Agreement, it was publicly disclosed that the senior partner in the Rothstein 
Rosenfeldt Adler law firm, Scott Rothstein, had secretly been engaged since 2005 in a massive 
Ponzi scheme. Rothstein's scheme raised hundreds of millions of dollars from 2005 to 2009 and 
was one of the largest frauds in U.S. history. While Rothstein's Ponzi scheme began years before 
Attorney Edwards sued Epstein and years before Attorney Edwards was employed by Rothstein's 
law firm, after Edwards joined the firm, Rothstein used the claims against Epstein to attract 
additional Ponzi scheme investors by selling them interests in non-existent settlements of both filed 
and made-up cases. The fact that Rothstein used the pending claims against Epstein to attract 
investors in the Ponzi scheme is not disputed. Epstein sued Edwards for knowingly assisting 
Rothstein in the Ponzi scheme and accused Edwards in that Complaint of committing a number of 
serious criminal offenses. Whether Epstein had probable cause to support that claim is an issue to 
be decided in this case. 
EFTA00806761
--- PAGE 6 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEiN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 6 of 56 
Rothstein's scheme was disclosed by the media in November of 2009, and on December 
I, 2009 Rothstein was indicted by the federal government. Except in Epstein's lawsuit, Bradley 
Edwards's name was never associated with Rothstein's criminal scheme and he was never 
charged with any wrongdoing. Nonetheless, six days later Jeffrey Epstein sued Rothstein, 
Bradley Edwards, and L.M., one of Epstein's victims. At the time Epstein filed this lawsuit, he 
had already settled thirteen sexual molestation claims brought by other underage females, and 
he faced more than two dozen additional pending sexual molestation claims, including the three 
cases being pursued by Mr. Edwards on behalf of L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe. Mr. Edwards also 
continued to pursue the federal action to invalidate Epstein's please, which if successful, could 
expose Jeffrey Epstein to a possible lengthy Federal prison sentence. 
In his 5-count lawsuit, Jeffrey Epstein alleged that Mr. Edwards committed numerous 
crimes against Epstein by prosecuting fabricated or exaggerated sexual abuse claims in civil 
lawsuits on behalf of Mr Edwards' three underage clients, L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe. According 
to Jeffrey Epstein's lawsuit, these claims were "weak" and had "minimal value," and the real 
reason Mr. Edwards pursued those allegedly false sexual molestation claims on behalf of the 
minor child victims was to knowingly assist in a criminal Ponzi scheme. In the lawsuit, Jeffrey 
Epstein also sought, in part, to stop all of the lawsuits being prosecuted by Edwards against 
Epstein. 
In this case which you have been selected to serve as jurors, Mr. Edwards contends that 
Jeffrey Epstein filed knowingly false allegations against Bradley Edwards, that he filed those 
false allegations in 2009 in the absence of probable cause and with malice, and that Jeffrey 
Epstein continued to prosecute these knowingly false allegations against Bradley Edwards for 
years. 
This case therefore concerns whether Jeffrey Epstein had probable cause to file and 
continue that lawsuit against Attorney Bradley Edwards, alleging that Mr. Edwards had 
committed criminal acts against Jeffrey Epstein by prosecuting fabricated or exaggerated sexual 
abuse claims in civil lawsuits on behalf of three underage female children, L.M., E.W. and Jane 
Doe, who Edwards alleged were repeatedly sexually molested by Jeffrey Epstein over a period 
of years. Epstein claims he had probable cause to file the claims against Edwards in 2009 and 
that he had probable cause to continue pursuing those claims through the time when Epstein 
dismissed those claims in August 2012. 
Although Jeffrey Epstein sued Bradley Edwards based, in part, on the allegation that the 
lawsuits were not well-founded, he has recently conceded that all of the lawsuits Attorney 
Edwards filed on behalf of L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe were filed by Bradley Edwards in good-
faith. 
Mr. Edwards further contends that Jeffrey Epstein filed the lawsuit against Attorney 
Edwards in order to intimidate Mr. Edwards into abandoning or cheaply compromising his 
clients' claims, and to intimidate the dozens of other victims who were pursuing claims against 
Jeffrey Epstein. Mr. Edwards further contends that Jeffrey  Epstein filed this suit out of malice for 
Mr. Edwards, who was coordinating much of the discovery being taken by all of the alleged 
underage victims, not just L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe. Finally, Mr. Edwards contends that Jeffrey 
Epstein filed this lawsuit to punish Attorney Edwards for the lawsuit Attorney Edwards filed 
against the federal government, in which Attorney Edwards, on behalf of his clients, sought to 
EFTA00806762
--- PAGE 7 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 7 of 56 
overturn the plea agreement Jeffrey Epstein had entered into with the federal government which 
in essence immunized Jeffrey Epstein from being federally prosecuted for the federal sex offenses 
the government had discovered had been committed against at least 40 minors.. 
Attorney Edwards defended against Epstein's lawsuit, challenging it on the grounds that it 
had no legal or factual support Shortly before the Court was scheduled to rule on Mr. Edwards' 
challenge, Epstein dismissed all of his claims against Attorney Edwards. Furthermore, Epstein 
allowed the statute of limitations to expire making it legally impossible for Epstein to bring any 
claims based on the conduct he sued upon in the original complaint. While Epstein denies Bradley 
Edwards' claim for malicious prosecution, Epstein has refused to answer any questions about the 
validity of the civil claims Edwards prosecuted on behalf of L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe. 
Finally, although Epstein claimed that the cases being pursued by L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe were 
"weak" and had "minimal value" and were only being pursued by Edwards in furtherance of 
Edwards's participation in a criminal Ponzi scheme, Epstein eventually settled the claims 
brought by Bradley Edwards for a total of $5.5 million. 
You• job as jurors will be to decide whether Jeffrey Epstein sued Bradley Edwards 
maliciously, and, if so whether and in what amount Bradley Edwards was damaged by the 
malicious claims brought against him by Jeffrey Epstein. 
If you decide that Bradley Edwards was damaged by maliciously filed claims 
brought by Jeffrey Epstein, you will also be called upon to consider whether it is appropriate to 
award punitive damages against Jeffrey Epstein to punish him and to deter others from engaging 
in similar• wrongdoing. 
EFTA00806763
--- PAGE 8 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 8 of 56 
201.2 INTRODUCTION OF PARTICIPANTS AND THEIR ROLES 
Judge/Court: I am the Judge. You may hear people occasionally refer to me as "The 
Court." That is the formal name for my role. My job is to maintain order and decide how to apply 
the rules of the law to the trial. I will also explain various rules to you that you will need to know 
in order to do your job as the jury. It is my job to remain neutral on the issues of this lawsuit. 
Parties: A party who files a lawsuit is called the Plaintiff A party that is sued is called the 
Defendant. 
Attorneys: The attorneys have the job of representing their clients. That is, they speak for 
their clients here at the trial. They have taken oaths as attorneys to do their best and to follow the 
rules of their profession. 
Plaintiff's Counsel: The attorney on this side of the courtroom, Jack Scarola, represents 
Bradley Edwards and is the person who filed the claim in dispute. His job is to present his client's 
side of things to you. Mr. Scarola and his client will be referred to most of the time as "the plaintiff. 
Mr. Scarola, will you please introduce who is sitting at the table with you? 
Defendant's Counsel: The attorney on this side of the courtroom, Scott Link, represents 
Jeffrey Epstein, the one who has been sued. His job is to present his client's side of things to you. 
He and his client will usually be referred to here as "the defendant". Mr. Link, will you please 
introduce who is sitting at the table with you? 
Court Clerk: This person sitting in front of me, (name), is the court clerk. He/She is here to 
assist me with some of the mechanics of the trial process, including the numbering and collection 
of the exhibits that are introduced in the course of the trial. 
EFTA00806764
--- PAGE 9 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 9 of 56 
Court Reporter: The person sitting at the stenographic machine, (name), is the court 
reporter. His/Her job is to keep an accurate legal record of everything we say and do during this 
trial. 
Bailiff: The person over there, (name), is the bailiff. His/Her job is to maintain order and 
security in the courtroom. The bailiff is also my representative to the jury. Anything you need or 
any problems that come up for you during the course of the trial should be brought to him/her. 
However, the bailiff cannot answer any of your questions about the case. Only I can do that. 
Jury: Last, but not least, is the jury, which we will begin to select in a few moments from 
among all of you. The jury's job will be to decide what the facts are and what the facts mean. 
Jurors should be as neutral as possible at this point and have no fixed opinion about the lawsuit. 
In order to have a fair and lawful trial, there are rules that all jurors must follow. A basic 
rule is that jurors must decide the case only on the evidence presented in the courtroom. You 
must not communicate with anyone, including friends and family members, about this case, the 
people and places involved, or your jury service. You must not disclose your thoughts about this 
case or ask for advice on how to decide this case. 
I want to stress that this rule means you must not use electronic devices or 
computers to communicate about this case, including tweeting, texting, blogging, e-mailing, 
posting information on a website or chat room, or any other means at all. Do not send or 
accept any messages to or from anyone about this case or your jury service. 
You must not do any research or look up words, names, maps, or anything else that 
may have anything to do with this case. This includes reading newspapers, watching 
television or using a computer, cell phone, the Internet, any electronic device, or any other 
means at all, to get information related to this case or the people and places involved in this 
case. This applies whether you are in the courthouse, at home, or anywhere else. 
EFTA00806765
--- PAGE 10 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 10 of 56 
Many of you may have cell phones, tablets, laptops or other electronic devices with you 
here in the courtroom. 
'You cannot have any cell phones, tablets, laptops, or other electronic devices in the 
courtroom. You may use these devices during recesses, but even then you may not use your cell 
phone or electronic device to find out any information about the case or communicate with 
anyone about the case or the people involved in the case. Do not take photographs, video 
recordings or audio recordings of the proceedings or your fellow jurors. At the end of the case, 
while you are deliberating, you must not communicate with anyone outside the jury room. If 
someone needs to contact you in an emergency, the court can receive messages and deliver them 
to you without delay. A contact phone number will be provided to you. 
What are the reasons for these rules? These rules are imposed because jurors must 
decide the case without distraction and only on the evidence presented in the courtroom. If you 
investigate, research, or make inquiries on your own outside of the courtroom, the trial judge 
has no way to make sure that the information you obtain is proper for the case. The parties 
likewise have no opportunity to dispute or challenge the accuracy of what you find. That is 
contrary to our judicial system, which assures every party the right to ask questions about and 
challenge the evidence being considered against it and to present argument with respect to that 
evidence. Any independent investigation by a juror unfairly and improperly prevents the parties 
from having that opportunity our judicial system promises. 
Any juror who violates these restrictions jeopardizes the fairness of these proceedings, and a 
mistrial could result that would require the entire trial process to start over. A mistrial is a 
tremendous expense and inconvenience to the parties, the court, and the taxpayers. If you violate 
I Alternative B Instruction 
EFTA00806766
--- PAGE 11 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page I I of 56 
these rules, you may be held in contempt of court, and face sanctions, such as serving time in jail, 
paying a fine or both. 
All of your communications with courtroom personnel, or me, will be part of the record 
of these proceedings. That means those communications shall either be made in open court with 
the court reporter present or, if they are in writing, the writing will be filed with the court clerk. I 
have instructed the courtroom personnel that any communications you have with them outside of 
my presence must be reported to me, and I will tell the parties and their attorneys about any 
communication from you that I believe may be of interest to the parties and their attorneys. 
However, you may communicate directly with courtroom personnel about matters 
concerning your comfort and safety, such as juror parking, location of break areas, how and when 
to assemble for duty, dress, what personal items can be brought into the courthouse or jury room. 
If you become aware of any violation of these instructions or any other instruction I give 
in this case, you must tell me by giving a note to the bailiff. 
EFTA00806767
--- PAGE 12 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 12 of 56 
201.3 EXPLANATION OF THE VOIR DIRE PROCESS 
The last thing I want to do, before we begin to select the jury, is to explain to you how the 
selection process works. 
Questions/Challenges: This is the part of the case where the parties and their lawyers have 
the opportunity to get to know a little bit about you, in order to help them come to their own 
conclusions about your ability to be fair and impartial, so they can decide who they think should 
be the jurors in this case. 
How we go about that is as follows: First, I'll ask some general questions of you. Then, 
each of the lawyers will have more specific questions that they will ask of you. After they have 
asked all of their questions, I will meet with them and they will tell me their choices for jurors. 
Each side can ask that I exclude a person from serving on a jury if they can give me a reason 
to believe that he or she might be unable to be fair and impartial. That is what is called a 
challenge for cause. The lawyers also have a certain number of what are called peremptory 
challenges, by which they may exclude a person from the jury without giving a reason. By this 
process of elimination, the remaining persons are selected as the jury. It may take more than one 
conference among the parties, their attorneys, and me before the final selections are made. 
Purpose of Questioning: The questions that you will be asked during this process are not 
intended to embarrass you or unnecessarily pry into your personal affairs, but it is important that 
the parties and their attorneys know enough about you to make this important decision. If a question 
is asked that you would prefer not to answer in front of the whole courtroom, just let me know and 
you can come up here and give your answer just in front of the attorneys and me. If you have a 
question of either the attorneys or me, don't hesitate to let me know. 
Response to Questioning: There are no right or wrong answers to the questions that will 
be asked of you. The only thing that I ask is 
that you answer the questions as frankly and 
EFTA00806768
--- PAGE 13 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 13 of 56 
as honestly and as completely as you can. You will take an oath to answer all questions 
truthfully and completely and you must do so. Remaining silent when you have information 
you should disclose is a violation of that oath as well. If a juror violates this oath, it not only 
may result in having to try the case all over again but also can result in civil and criminal 
penalties against a juror personally. So, again, it is very important that you be as honest and 
complete with your answers as you possibly can. If you don't understand the question, please 
raise your hand and ask for an explanation or clarification. 
In sum, this is a process to assist the parties and their attorneys to select a fair and impartial 
jury. All of the questions they ask you are for this purpose. If, for any reason, you do not think you 
can be a fair and impartial juror, you must tell us. 
EFTA00806769
--- PAGE 14 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 14 of 56 
202.1 INTRODUCTION 
You have now taken an oath to serve as jurors in this trial. Before we begin, I am going to 
tell you about the rules of law that apply to this case and let you know what you can expect as the 
trial proceeds. 
It is my intention to give you some of the rules of law but it might be that I will not know 
for sure all of the law that will apply in this case until all of the evidence is presented. However, 
I can anticipate most of the law and give it to you at the beginning of the trial so that you will 
better understand what to be looking for while the evidence is presented. If I later decide that 
different or additional law applies to the case, I will tell you. In any event, at the end of the 
evidence I will give you the final instructions on which you must base your verdict. At that time, 
you will have a complete written set of the instructions so you do not have to memorize what I 
am about to tell you. 
The following are the rules of law expected to apply in this case. 
[READ RELEVANT INSTRUCTIONS BEGINNING AT PG. 28] 
EFTA00806770
--- PAGE 15 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 15 of 56 
202.2 EXPLANATION OF THE TRIAL PROCEDURE 
Now that you have heard the law, I want to let you know what you can expect as the trial 
proceeds. 
Opening Statements: In a few moments, the attorneys will each have a chance to make what 
are called opening statements. In an opening statement, an attorney is allowed to give you his/her 
views about what the evidence will be in the trial and what you are likely to see and hear in the 
testimony. 
Evidentiary Phase: After the attorneys' opening statements the plaintiffs will bring their 
witnesses and evidence to you. 
Evidence: Evidence is the information that the law allows you to see or hear in deciding 
this case. Evidence includes the testimony of the witnesses, documents, and anything else that I 
instruct you to consider. 
Witnesses: A witness is a person who takes an oath to tell the truth and then answers 
attorneys' questions for the jury. The answering of attorneys' questions by witnesses is called 
"giving testimony." Testimony means statements that are made when someone has sworn an 
oath to tell the truth. 
The plaintiffs' lawyer will normally question the witness first. That is called direct 
examination. Then the defense lawyer may ask the same witness additional questions about 
whatever the witness has testified to. That is called cross-examination. Certain documents or 
other evidence may also be shown to you during direct or cross-examination. After the 
plaintiffs' witnesses have testified, the defendant will have the opportunity to put witnesses on 
the stand and go through the same process. Then the plaintiffs' lawyer gets to do cross-
examination. The process is designed to be fair to both sides. 
EFTA00806771
--- PAGE 16 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 16 of 56 
It is important that you remember that testimony come from witnesses. The attorneys do 
not give testimony and they are not themselves witnesses. 
Objections: Sometimes the attorneys will disagree about the rules for trial procedure when 
a question is asked of a witness. When that happens, one of the lawyers may make what is called 
an "objection." The rules for a trial can be complicated, and there are many reasons for the attorneys 
to object. You should simply wait for me to decide how to proceed. If I say that an objection is 
"sustained", that means the witness may not answer the question. If I say that the objection is 
"overruled", that means the witness may answer the question. 
When there is an objection and I make a decision, you must not assume from that decision 
that I have any particular opinion other than that the rules for conducting a trial are being correctly 
followed. If I say a question may not be asked or answered, you must not try to guess what the 
answer would have been. That is against the rules, too. 
Side Bar Conferences: Sometimes I will need to speak to the attorneys about legal elements 
of the case that are not appropriate for the jury to hear. The attorneys and I will try to have as few 
of these conferences as possible while you are giving us your valuable time in the courtroom. But, 
if we do have to have such a conference during testimony, we will try to hold the conference at the 
side of my desk so that we do not have to take a break and ask you to leave the courtroom. 
Recesses: Breaks in an ongoing trial are usually called "recesses". During a recess you 
still have your duties as a juror and must follow the rules, even while having coffee, at lunch, 
or at home. 
Instructions Before Closing Arguments: After all the evidence has been presented to you, I 
will instruct you on the law that you must follow. It is important that you remember these 
instructions to assist you in evaluating the final attorney presentations, which come next, and later, 
during your deliberations, to help you correctly sort through the evidence to reach your decision. 
EFTA00806772
--- PAGE 17 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 17 of 56 
Closing Arguments: The attorneys will then have the opportunity to make their final 
presentations to you, which are called closing arguments. 
Final Instructions: After you have heard the closing arguments, I will instruct you further 
in the law as well as explain to you the procedures you must follow to decide the case. 
Deliberations: After you hear the final jury instructions, you will go to the jury room and 
discuss and decide the questions I have put on your verdict form. You will have a copy of the jury 
instructions to use during your discussions. The discussions you have and the decisions you make 
are usually called "jury deliberations." Your deliberations are absolutely private and neither I nor 
anyone else will be with you in the jury room. 
Verdict: When you have finished answering the questions, you will give the verdict form 
to the bailiff, and we will all return to the courtroom, where your verdict will be read. When that 
is completed, you will be released from your assignment as a jury. 
Finally, before we begin the trial, I want to give you just a brief explanation of rules you 
must follow as the case proceeds. 
Keeping an Open Mind: You must pay close attention to the testimony and other 
evidence as it comes into the trial. However, you must avoid forming any final opinion or telling 
anyone else your views on the case until you begin your deliberations. This rule requires you to 
keep an open mind until you have heard all of the evidence and is designed to prevent you from 
influencing how your fellow jurors think until they have heard all of the evidence and had an 
opportunity to form their own opinions. The time and place for coming to your final opinions 
and speaking about them with your fellow jurors is during deliberations in the jury room, after 
all of the evidence has been presented, closing arguments have been made, and I have instructed 
you on the law. It is important that you hear all of the facts and that you hear the law and how 
to apply it before you start deciding anything. 
EFTA00806773
--- PAGE 18 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 18 of 56 
Consider Only the Evidence: It is the things you hear and see in this courtroom that 
matter in this trial. The law tells us that a juror can consider only the testimony and other 
evidence that all the other jurors have also heard and seen in the presence of the judge and 
the lawyers. Doing anything else is wrong and is against the law. That means that you must 
not do any work or investigation of your own about the case. You must not obtain on your 
own any information about the case or about anyone involved in the case, from any source 
whatsoever. This includes reading newspapers, watching television or using a computer, cell 
phone, the Internet, any electronic device, or any other means at all, to get information 
related to this case or the people and places involved in this case. This applies whether you 
are in the courthouse, at home, or anywhere else. You must not visit places mentioned in the 
trial or use the intemet to look at maps or pictures to see any place discussed during trial. 
Do not provide any information about this case to anyone, including friends or family 
members. Do not let anyone, including the closest family members, make comments to you or 
ask questions about the trial. Jurors must not have discussions of any sort with friends or family 
members about the case or the people and places involved. So, do not let even the closest family 
members make comments to you or ask questions about the trial. In this age of electronic 
communication, I want to stress again that just as you must not talk about this case face-to-face, 
you must not talk about this case by using an electronic device. You must not use phones, 
tablets, computers or other electronic devices to communicate. Do not send or accept any 
messages related to this case or your jury service. Do not discuss this case or ask for advice by 
any means at all, including posting information on an Internet website, chat room or blog. 
No Mid-Trial Discussions: When we are in a recess, do not discuss anything about the trial 
or the case with each other or with anyone else. If attorneys approach you, don't speak with them. 
The law says they are to avoid contact with you. If an attorney will not look at you or speak to 
EFTA00806774
--- PAGE 19 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 19 of 56 
you, do not be offended or form a conclusion about that behavior. The attorney is not supposed to 
interact with jurors outside of the courtroom and is only following the rules. The attorney is not 
being impolite. If an attorney or anyone else does try to speak with you or says something about 
the case in your presence, please inform the bailiff immediately. 
Only the Jury Decides: Only you get to deliberate and answer the verdict questions at 
the end of the trial. I will not intrude into your deliberations at all. I am required to be neutral. 
You should not assume that I prefer one decision over another. You should not try to guess what 
my opinion is about any part of the case. It would be wrong for you to conclude that anything I 
say or do means that I am for one side or another in the trial. Discussing and deciding the facts 
is your job alone. 
EFTA00806775
--- PAGE 20 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 20 of 56 
202.3 NOTE-TAKING BY JURORS 
If you would like to take notes during the trial, you may do so. On the other hand, of course, 
you are not required to take notes if you do not want to. That will be left up to you individually. 
You will be provided with a note pad and a pen for use if you wish to take notes. Any notes 
that you take will be for your personal use. However, you should not take them with you from the 
courtroom. During recesses, the bailiff will take possession of your notes and will return them to 
you when we reconvene. After you have completed your deliberations, the bailiff will deliver your 
notes to me. They will be destroyed. No one will ever read your notes. 
If you take notes, do not get so involved in note-taking that you become distracted from the 
proceedings. Your notes should be used only as aids to your memory. 
Whether or not you take notes, you should rely on your memory of the evidence and you 
should not be unduly influenced by the notes of other jurors. Notes are not entitled to any greater 
weight than each juror's memory of the evidence. 
EFTA00806776
--- PAGE 21 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 21 of 56 
202.4 JUROR QUESTIONS 
Questions for the court or courtroom personnel: 
During the trial, you may have a question about these proceedings. If so, please write it 
down and hand it to the bailiff, who will then hand it to me. I will review your question with the 
parties, and their attorneys, before responding. 
Questions for witnesses: 
You also may have a question you think should be asked of a witness. If so, there is a way 
for you to request that I ask the witness a question. After all the attorneys have completed their 
questioning of the witness, you should raise your hand if you have a question. I will then give you 
sufficient time to write the question on a piece of paper, fold it, and give it to the bailiff, who will 
pass it to me. Do not put your name on the question, show it to anyone or discuss it with anyone. 
I will then review the question with the attorneys. Under our law, only certain evidence 
may be considered by a jury in determining a verdict. You are bound by the same rules of evidence 
that control the attorneys' questions. If I decide that the question may not be asked under our rules 
of evidence, I will tell you. Otherwise, I will direct the question to the witness. The attorneys may 
then ask follow-up questions if they wish. If there are additional questions from jurors, we will 
follow the same procedure again. 
By providing this procedure, I do not mean to suggest that you must or should submit 
written questions for witnesses. In most cases, the lawyers will have asked the necessary questions. 
EFTA00806777
--- PAGE 22 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 22 of 56 
301.1 DEPOSITION 
TESTIMONY, 
INTERROGATORIES, 
STIPULATED 
TESTIMONY, STIPULATIONS, AND ADMISSIONS 
a. 
Deposition or prior testimony: 
Members of the jury, the sworn testimony of (name), given before trial, will now be 
presented. You are to consider and weigh this testimony as you would any other evidence in the 
case. 
b. 
Interrogatories: 
Members of the jury, answers to interrogatories will now be read to you. Interrogatories are 
written questions that have been presented before trial by one party to another. They are answered 
under oath. You are to consider and weigh these questions and answers as you would any other 
evidence in the case. 
c. 
Stipulated testimony: 
Members of the jury, the parties have agreed that if (name of witness) were called as a 
witness, he/she would testify (read or describe the testimony). You are to consider and weigh this 
testimony as you would any other evidence in the case. 
d. 
Stipulations: 
Members of the jury, the parties have agreed to certain facts. You must accept these facts as 
true. (Read the agreed facts). 
Jeffrey Epstein has conceded that Bradley Edwards had a good-faith basis to file 
all of the civil lawsuits alleging sexual abuse against Jeffrey Epstein on behalf of 
L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe. By conceding that all of the lawsuits were filed in 
good-faith, Jeffrey Epstein has not conceded that he in fact committed any of the 
alleged acts against L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe, only that Bradley Edwards had a 
good-faith basis to reasonably believe that Jeffrey Epstein had in fact committed 
the alleged acts. As to whether in fact he committed the alleged acts, Jeffrey 
Epstein has asserted his 0 Amendment right to remain silent 
EFTA00806778
--- PAGE 23 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 23 of 56 
e. 
Admissions: 
I. 
Applicable to all parties: 
Members of the jury, (identify the party or parties that have admitted the facts.) You must 
accept these facts as true. (Read the admissions). 
2. Applicable to fewer than all parties: 
Members of the jury, (identify the party or parties that have admitted the facts). You must 
accept these facts as true in deciding the issues between (identify the affected parties), but these 
facts should not be used in deciding the issues between (identify the unaffected parties). (Read the 
admissions). 
EFTA00806779
--- PAGE 24 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 24 of 56 
301.2 INSTRUCTION WHEN FIRST ITEM OF DOCUMENTARY, PHOTOGRAPHIC 
OR PHYSICAL EVIDENCE IS ADMITTED 
The (describe item of evidence) has now been received in evidence. Witnesses may testify 
about or refer to this or any other item of evidence during the remainder of the trial. This and all 
other items received in evidence will be available to you for examination during your deliberations 
at the end of the trial. 
EFTA00806780
--- PAGE 25 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800X,XXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 25 of 56 
301.3 INSTRUCTION WHEN EVIDENCE IS FIRST PUBLISHED TO JURORS 
The (describe item of evidence) has been received in evidence. It is being shown to you now 
to help you understand the testimony of this witness and other witnesses in the case, as well as the 
evidence as a whole. You may examine (describe item of evidence) briefly now. It will also be 
available to you for examination during your deliberations at the end of the trial. 
EFTA00806781
--- PAGE 26 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 26 of 56 
301.4 INSTRUCTION REGARDING VISUAL OR DEMONSTRATIVE AIDS 
a. 
Generally: 
This witness will be using (identify demonstrative or visual aid(s)) to assist in explaining or 
illustrating his/her testimony. The testimony of the witness is evidence; however, these (identify 
demonstrative or visual aids) are not to be considered as evidence in the case unless received in 
evidence, and should not be used as a substitute for evidence. Only items received in evidence will 
be available to you for consideration during your deliberations. 
b. 
Specially created visual or demonstrative aids based on disputed assumptions: 
This witness will be using (identify demonstrative aids) to assist in explaining or illustrating 
his/her testimony. These items have been prepared to assist this witness in explaining his/her 
testimony. They may be based on assumptions which you are free to accept or reject. The testimony 
of the witness is evidence; however, these (identify demonstrative or visual aids) are not to be 
considered as evidence in the case unless received in evidence, and should not be used as a 
substitute for evidence. Only items received in evidence will be available to you for consideration 
during your deliberations. 
EFTA00806782
--- PAGE 27 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 27 of 56 
301.5 EVIDENCE ADMITTED FOR A LIMITED PURPOSE 
The (describe item of evidence) has now been received into evidence. It has been admitted 
only for the purpose of (describe purpose) as to (name party). You may consider it only for that 
purpose as it might affect (name party). You may not consider that evidence for any other purpose 
as to any other party. 
EFTA00806783
--- PAGE 28 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 28 of 56 
406.1 INTRODUCTION 
Members of the jury, you have now heard and received all of the evidence in this case. I 
am now going to tell you about the rules of law that you must use in reaching your verdict. You 
will recall at the beginning of the case I told you that if, at the end of the case I decided that 
different law applies, I would tell you so. These instructions are (slightly) different from what I 
gave you at the beginning and it is these rules of law that you must now follow. When I finish 
telling you about the rules of law, the attorneys will present their final arguments and you will 
then retire to decide your verdict. 
EFTA00806784
--- PAGE 29 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 29 of 56 
406.2 SUMMARY OF CLAIMS 
The claims in this case for your consideration are as follows: 
Bradley Edwards claims that Jeffrey Epstein maliciously and without probable cause filed 
and continued to prosecute a lawsuit against Mr. Edwards. That lawsuit alleged that Mr. Epstein 
was injured by Mr. Edwards' commission of various criminal acts while pursuing fabricated or 
exaggerated sexual abuse claims against Jeffrey Epstein on behalf of three clients. According to 
the lawsuit Jeffrey Epstein filed against Mr. Edwards, Mr. Edwards pursued the claims solely as 
part of Mr. Edwards' knowing participation in an illegal Ponzi scheme with Scott Rothstein. Mr. 
Edwards claims that he was damaged by the false and malicious claims that Mr. Epstein filed 
against him. 
Jeffrey Epstein denies that claim. 
The parties must prove all claims and defenses by the greater weight of the evidence. I will 
now define some of the terms you will use in deciding this case. 
EFTA00806785
--- PAGE 30 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 30 of 56 
406.3 GREATER WEIGHT OF THE EVIDENCE 
"Greater weight of the evidence" means the more persuasive and convincing force and 
effect of the entire evidence in the case. 
EFTA00806786
--- PAGE 31 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 31 of 56 
406.4 PROBABLE CAUSE 
Probable cause means that at the time of instituting the civil proceeding against Bradley 
Edwards, the facts and circumstances known to Jeffrey Epstein were sufficiently strong to support 
a reasonable belief that the claims made by Jeffrey Epstein against Bradley Edwards were supported 
by existing facts. 
In order for probable cause to exist on the part of Jeffrey Epstein, the facts known to Jeffrey 
Epstein must be such that a prudent man would set in motion the filing of the civil lawsuit. Where, 
however, it would appear to a cautious man that further investigation is justified before filing the 
civil lawsuit, then the failure to perform that additional investigation may form the basis to conclude 
that such person lacked probable cause to file the civil lawsuit. 
Authority: Liabos v. Harman, 215 So. 2d 487, 489-90 (Fla. 2d DCA 1968) 
EFTA00806787
--- PAGE 32 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 32 of 56 
406.5 LEGAL MALICE 
One acts with legal malice in instituting or continuing a civil proceeding against another 
if he does so for the primary purpose of injuring the other, or recklessly and without regard 
for whether the proceeding is justified, or for any primary purpose except to establish what he 
or she considers to be a meritorious claim. In determining whether Jeffrey Epstein acted 
maliciously, you may consider all the circumstances at the time of the conduct complained of, 
including any lack of probable cause to institute or continue the proceeding'. 
Durkin v. Davis, 814 So.2d 1246, 1248 49 (Fla. 2d DCA 2002) ("As to malice on the part of the defendants, the 
plaintiff need not allege actual malice; legal malice is sufficient and may be inferred from, among other things, a lack 
of probable cause, gross negligence, or great indifference to persons, property, or the rights of others. Here, the 
allegations supporting a lack of probable cause are evidence from which a jury could infer malice.") (emphasis 
added) 
EFTA00806788
--- PAGE 33 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 33 of 56 
406.6 INSTITUTING OR CONTINUING A PROCEEDING 
One is regarded as having instituted a civil proceeding against another if the proceeding 
resulted directly and in natural and continuous sequence from his actions, so that it reasonably can 
be said that, but for his actions, the proceeding would not have been instituted. 
EFTA00806789
--- PAGE 34 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 34 of 56 
406.7 LEGAL CAUSE 
a. 
Legal cause generally: 
The malicious institution of a proceeding is a cause of loss, injury, or damage if it directly 
and in natural and continuous sequence produces or contributes substantially to producing such 
loss, injury, or damage, so that it can reasonably be said that, but for the malicious institution of a 
proceeding, the loss, injury, or damage would not have occurred. 
b. 
Concurring cause: 
In order to be regarded as a legal cause of loss, injury, or damage the malicious institution 
of such a proceeding need not be the only cause. The malicious institution of a proceeding may be 
a legal cause of loss, injury, or damage even though it operates in combination with the act of 
another or some other cause if the malicious institution of a proceeding contributes substantially 
to producing such loss, injury, or damage. 
c. 
Intervening cause: 
The malicious institution of a proceeding may also be a legal cause of loss, injury, or 
damage even though it operates in combination with the act of another, some natural cause, or 
some other cause occurring after the malicious institution of a proceeding occurs if such other 
cause was itself reasonably foreseeable and the malicious institution of a proceeding contributes 
substantially to producing such loss, injury, or damage or the resulting loss, injury, or damage 
was a reasonably foreseeable consequence of the malicious institution of a proceeding and the 
malicious institution of a proceeding contributes substantially to producing it. 
EFTA00806790
--- PAGE 35 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 35 of 56 
406.8 ISSUES ON CLAIM 
The issues you must decide on Bradley Edwards' claim against Jeffrey Epstein are 
whether Jeffrey Epstein maliciously and without probable cause either instituted or 
continued a civil proceeding against Bradley Edwards which later terminated in favor of 
Bradley Edwards and, if so, whether that action was a legal cause of loss, injury, or damage 
to Bradley Edwards. 
EFTA00806791
--- PAGE 36 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 36 of 56 
406.9 BURDEN OF PROOF ON CLAIM 
If the greater weight of the evidence does not support Bradley Edwards' claim, your verdict 
should be for Jeffrey Epstein. 
However, if the greater weight of the evidence supports Bradley Edwards' claim that Jeffrey 
Epstein either: 
• 
Maliciously and without probable cause initiated a civil proceeding against Bradley 
Edwards; or 
• 
Maliciously and without probable cause continued a civil proceeding against Bradley 
Edwards; or 
• 
Maliciously and without probable cause both initiated and continued a civil 
proceeding against Bradley Edwards, 
then your verdict should be for Bradley Edwards and against Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00806792
--- PAGE 37 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 37 of 56 
406.12 MALICIOUS PROSECUTION DAMAGES 
If you find for Jeffrey Epstein, you will not consider the matter of damages. But, if 
you find for Bradley Edwards, you should award Bradley Edwards an amount of money that 
the greater weight of the evidence shows will fairly and adequately compensate Bradley 
Edwards for such loss, injury, or damage as the greater weight of the evidence shows was 
caused by the institution of the proceeding complained of. 
If you find for Bradley Edwards, you shall consider the following elements of 
damage: 
COMPENSATORY DAMAGES 
a. 
Injuty to reputation; shame, humiliation, mental anguish, hurt feelings: 
Any injury to reputation and any shame, humiliation, mental anguish, and hurt feelings 
experienced in the past or to be experienced in the future. There is no exact standard for fixing the 
compensation to be awarded on account of such elements of damage. Any award should be fair and 
just in the light of the evidence. 
b. 
Loss of Capacity for the Enjoyment gaffe. 
Any loss of capacity for the enjoyment of life experienced in the past or to be experienced 
in the future. There is no exact standard for measuring such damage. The amount should be fair and 
just in the light of the evidence. 
c. 
Lost time. When lost timesIzonn: 
The reasonable value of any time lost in the past in defending against Jeffrey Epstein's 
lawsuit. 
EFTA00806793
--- PAGE 38 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 38 of 56 
AMOUNT OF LOSS OR HARM IS UNCERTAIN OR DIFFICULT TO 
DETERMINE 
In order to recover damages for a particular type of loss or harm, Bradley 
Edwards must prove by the greater weight of the evidence that such loss or harm was 
caused by Jeffrey Epstein's wrongful conduct. If Bradley Edwards proves the 
occurrence of such loss or harm by the greater weight of the evidence, Bradley 
Edwards is entitled to recover for that loss or harm even though the exact amount of 
that loss or harm cannot be determined. 
Thus, if you find by the greater weight of the evidence that a particular type of 
loss or harm did occur as a result of Jeffrey Epstein's wrongful conduct, Bradley 
Edwards is entitled to recover for that loss or harm as long as there is some reasonable 
yardstick by which it can be measured — that is, as long as there is some reasonable 
basis for estimating or approximating the amount of the loss or harm. Bradley Edwards 
may not be denied damages merely because the amount of loss or harm is uncertain or 
difficult to determine. Any risk of uncertainty concerning the computation of damages 
is instead borne by Jeffrey Epstein. 
Authority: Linton v. Pension Services Corn., 389 So. 2d 247 (Fla. 2d DCA 1980); 
Adams v. Dreyfusd Interstate Dev. Corp., 352 So. 2d 76 (Fla. 4th DCA 1977): John 
Hancock Life Ins. Co. v. Mark-A. Inc., 324 So. 2d 674 (Fla. 2d DCA 1975); Conner 
v. Atlas Aircraft Corp., 310 So. 2d 352 (Fla. 3d DCA 1975); Asgrow-Kilgore co. v. 
Mulford Hickerson Corp., 301 So. 2d 441 (Fla. 1974); Saporito v. Bone, 195 So. 2d 
244 (Fla. 2d DCA 1967); Nello L. Teer Co. v. Hollywood Golf Estates, 324 F.2d 669 
(5th Cir. Fla. 1965); McCall v. Sherbill, 68 So. 2d 362 (Fla. 1953); Twyman v. Roell, 
123 Fla. 2, 166 So. 215 (1936); Story Parchment Co. v. Paterson Parchment Paper 
Co., 282 U.S. 555, 563 (1931). 
Maslenjak v. United States, 137 S. Ct. 1918, 1929 (2017) citing Bigelow v. RICO Radio Pictures, 
Inc., 327 U.S. 251, 265 (1946) ("The most elementary conceptions of justice and public policy 
require that the wrongdoer shall bear the risk of the uncertainty which his own wrong has 
created")). 
EFTA00806794
--- PAGE 39 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 39 of 56 
503.1 PUNITIVE DAMAGES - BIFURCATED PROCEDURES 
a. 
First stage of bifurcated punitive damages procedure: 
There is an additional claim in this case that you must decide. If you find for Bradley Edwards 
and against Jeffrey Epstein, you must decide whether, in addition to compensatory damages, 
punitive damages are warranted as punishment to Jeffrey Epstein and as a deterrent to others. 
The trial of the punitive damages issue is divided into two parts. In this first part, you will 
decide whether the conduct of Jeffrey Epstein is such that punitive damages are warranted. If you 
decide that punitive damages are warranted, we will proceed to the second part of that issue during 
which the parties may present additional evidence and argument on the issue of punitive damages. 
I will then give you additional instructions, after which you will decide whether, in your discretion, 
punitive damages will be assessed and, if so, the amount. 
b(1). Punitive damages for acts of an individual defendant: 
Bradley Edwards claims that punitive damages should be awarded against Jeffrey Epstein 
for his conduct in filing a lawsuit against Bradley Edwards with malice and in the absence of 
probable cause. Punitive damages are warranted against Jeffrey Epstein if you find by clear 
and convincing evidence that Jeffrey Epstein was guilty of intentional misconduct or gross 
negligence, which was a substantial cause of loss, injury, or damage to Bradley Edwards. Under 
those circumstances you may, in your discretion, award punitive damages against Jeffrey 
Epstein. If clear and convincing evidence does not show such conduct by Jeffrey Epstein, 
punitive damages are not warranted against Jeffrey Epstein. 
"Intentional misconduct" means that Jeffrey Epstein had actual knowledge of the 
wrongfulness of the conduct and there was a high probability of injury or damage to Bradley 
Edwards and, despite that knowledge, he intentionally pursued that course of conduct, resulting in 
injury or damage. "Gross negligence" means that Jeffrey Epstein's conduct was so reckless or 
wanting in care that it constituted a conscious disregard or indifference to the life, safety, or rights 
of persons exposed to such conduct. 
"Clear and convincing evidence" differs from the "greater weight of the evidence" in that it is more 
compelling and persuasive. As I have already instructed you, "greater weight of the evidence" 
means the more persuasive and convincing force and effect of the entire evidence in the case. 
c. 
Second stage of bifirrcated punitive damage procedure: 
c(1). 
Opening instruction, second stage: 
Members of the jury, I am now going to tell you about the rules of law that apply to detennining whether 
punitive damages should be assessed and, if so, in what amount. When I finish with these instructions, the 
parties will present additional evidence. You should consider this additional evidence along with the evidence 
already presented, and you should decide any disputed factual issues by the greater weight of the evidence. 
"Greater weight of the evidence" means the more persuasive and convincing force and effect of the entire 
evidence in the case. 
Instructions 503.1b( I )—b(4) are designed for use in most common-law tort cases. However, certain types of intentional 
torts may require a punitive damage charge appropriate to the particular tort. See, e.g., First Interstate Development 
Corp. v. Ablanedo, 511 So.2d 536 (Fla. 1987); Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. v. McCarson, 467 So.2d 277 (Fla. 
1985). The same may be true when punitive damages are authorized by statute. See, e.g., Home Insurance Co. v. Owens, 
573 So.2d 343, 346 (Fla. 4th DCA 1990). 
EFTA00806795
--- PAGE 40 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiffs Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 40 of 56 
c(2). Punitive damages — determination of amount: 
You are to decide the amount of punitive damages, if any, to be assessed as punishment 
against Jeffrey Epstein and as a deterrent to others. This amount would be in addition to the 
compensatory damages you have previously awarded. In making this determination, you should 
consider the following: 
(A). the nature, extent and degree of misconduct and the related circumstances, including the 
following: 
i. 
whether, at the time of loss, injury, or damage, Jeffrey Epstein had a specific 
intent to harm Bradley Edwards and the conduct of Jeffrey Epstein did in fact harm 
Bradley Edwards, and 
(B). The financial resources of Jeffrey Epstein. 
However, you may not award an amount that would financially destroy Jeffrey Epstein. 
You may in your discretion decline to assess punitive damages. 
d. 
Closing instruction, second stage: 
Members of the jury, you have now heard and received all of the evidence on the issue of punitive 
damages. Your verdict on the issues raised by the punitive damages claim of Bradley Edwards against Jeffrey 
Epstein must be based on the evidence that has been received during the trial of the first phase of this case 
and on the evidence that has been received in these proceedings and the law on which I have instructed you. 
In reaching your verdict, you are not to be swayed from the performance of your duty by prejudice or 
sympathy for or against any party. 
Your verdict must be unanimous, that is, your verdict must be agreed to by each of you. 
You will be given a form of verdict, which I shall now read to you: 
When you have agreed on your verdict, the foreman or forewoman, acting for the jury, should date 
and sign the verdict. You may now retire to consider your verdict. 
EFTA00806796
--- PAGE 41 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 4I of 56 
601.1 WEIGHING THE EVIDENCE 
In deciding this case, it is your duty as jurors to decide the issues, and only those issues, 
that I submit for your determination by answering certain questions I ask you to answer on a special 
form, called a verdict form. You must come to an agreement about what your answers will be. 
Your agreed-upon answers to my questions are called your jury verdict. 
The evidence in this case consists of the sworn testimony of the witnesses, all exhibits 
received in evidence and all facts that were admitted or agreed to by the parties and any fact of 
which the court instructs you to accept. 
In reaching your verdict, you must think about and weigh the testimony and any 
documents, photographs, or other material that has been received in evidence. You may also 
consider any facts that were admitted or agreed to by the lawyers. Your job is to determine 
what the facts are. You may use reason and common sense to reach conclusions. You may draw 
reasonable inferences from the evidence. But you should not guess about things that were not 
covered here. And, you must always apply the law as I have explained it to you. 
EFTA00806797
--- PAGE 42 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 42 of 56 
601.2 BELIEVABILITY OF WITNESSES 
Let me speak briefly about witnesses. In evaluating the believability of any witness and 
the weight you will give the testimony of any witness, you may properly consider the demeanor 
of the witness while testifying; the frankness or lack of frankness of the witness; the intelligence 
of the witness; any interest the witness may have in the outcome of the case; the means and 
opportunity the witness had to know the facts about which the witness testified; the ability of 
the witness to remember the matters about which the witness testified; and the reasonableness 
of the testimony of the witness, considered in the light of all the evidence in the case and in the 
light of your own experience and commons sense. 
You have heard opinion testimony on certain technical subjects from persons referred to as 
expert witnesses. 
You may accept such opinion testimony, reject it, or give it the weight you think it deserves, 
considering the knowledge, skill, experience, training, or education of the witness, the reasons given 
by the witness for the opinion expressed, and all the other evidence in the case. 
EFTA00806798
--- PAGE 43 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 43 of 56 
ADVERSE INFERENCE INSTRUCTION - 
FIFTH AMENDMENT 
An individual is constitutionally protected by the Fifth Amendment to the United States 
Constitution from being compelled to provide evidence against himself in a criminal proceeding 
and guilt of a crime may not be inferred from the exercise of the Fifth Amendment right to remain 
silent. However, the prohibition against drawing an adverse inference that applies in a criminal 
proceeding does not apply in a civil lawsuit. 
Therefore, if you find that Jeffrey Epstein refused to answer questions when confronted with 
relevant evidence against him on the ground that his answers may tend to incriminate him, then you 
may, but are not required to, infer that his answers would have incriminated him. You may consider 
this, together with the other evidence, in determining the issues of this case, but a Judgment against 
Jeffrey Epstein cannot rest solely on the adverse inference. 
Authority: Fla. St. Jury Ins. 301.1 Ia; Baxter v. Palmigiano, 425 U.S. 308 (1976); Coquina 
Investments v. Rothstein, No. 10-60786-cv-2012 WL 4479057 (S.D. Fla. Sept. 28, 2012). 
EFTA00806799
--- PAGE 44 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 44 of 56 
FEDERAL RULE OF EVIDENCE 415 & FLORIDA STATUTE SECTION 90.404 
Federal Rule of Evidence 415 and Florida Statute 90.404 provide that in a civil case 
involving a claim for relief based on a party's alleged sexual assault or child molestation, the Court 
may admit evidence that the party committed any other sexual assault or child molestation. 
As a consequence of these provisions in both federal and state law, proper pretrial 
discovery by Bradley Edwards in the civil lawsuits against Jeffrey Epstein was not limited to the 
investigation of the offenses alleged to have been committed by Jeffrey Epstein against the three 
clients represented by Bradley Edwards. The law expressly allowed Mr. Edwards to conduct 
discovery of and to fully investigate any other sexual assault or child molestation which may have 
been committed by Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00806800
--- PAGE 45 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 45 of 56 
NATURAL AND PROBABLE CONSEQUENCES 
Jeffrey Epstein has conceded and does not dispute that he filed the Complaint at issue 
against LM, Scott Rothstein, and Bradley Edwards on December 7, 2009, and he continued to 
prosecute claims against Bradley Edwards until he voluntarily dismissed those claims on August 
16, 2012. 
In determining what Jeffrey Epstein's intention was at the time he filed and prosecuted 
claims against Bradley Edwards, the law presumes that he intended the natural and probable 
consequences of his acts. Accordingly, if you find that Jeffrey Epstein filed and prosecuted false 
claims against Bradley Edwards then he is presumed to have intended to file and prosecute false 
claims, unless that presumption is rebutted by other evidence. 
EFTA00806801
--- PAGE 46 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 46 of 56 
LITIGATION PRIVILEGE' 
The law does not allow a separate lawsuit to be based on conduct that occurs in and 
is related to another legal proceeding. That protection, called the "litigation 
privilege" does not prevent the application of other remedies such as contempt of 
court proceedings, the filing of professional grievances, or prosecution for perjury, 
but lawsuits for damages are not allowed. 
In his lawsuit against Bradley Edwards, Jeffrey Epstein alleged that Bradley 
Edwards engaged in discovery in the cases on behalf of L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe, 
including the noticing of certain depositions, that was improper and caused Jeffrey 
Epstein to spend money on attorney's fees to defend against that discovery. Jeffrey 
Epstein claims that these monies constitute damages that are recoverable in his 
independent lawsuit against Bradley Edwards. 
However, if the investigation Bradley Edwards engaged in was reasonably 
calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence regarding any part of the 
claims being pursued by L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe, including but not limited to their 
potential claims for punitive damages against Jeffrey Epstein, then the discovery 
conducted by Bradley Edwards was relevant to those proceedings and is protected 
by absolute immunity. 
Thus, if you find that the discovery being taken by Bradley Edwards was relevant to 
the potential claims being pursued by his three clients, then you must also find that 
Jeffrey Epstein could not properly pursue an independent lawsuit against Bradley 
Edwards to recover any claimed damages for attorney's fees, as those claims were 
absolutely barred by Florida's litigation privilege. 
Echevarria. McCalla, Ravmer, Barrett & Frappier v. Cole 950 So. 2d 380, 383 (Fla. 2007) ("In Myers v. Hodges 53 
Fla. 197, 44 So. 357 (1907), this Court recognized the principle of the litigation privilege in Florida, essentially 
providing legal immunity for actions that occur in judicial proceedings. In that case, involving a libel suit based on 
statements contained in a complaint, this Court established a qualified litigation privilege, requiring that the alleged 
defamatory statements be relevant to the judicial proceeding. . . .Under our holding, once this threshold showing was 
met, the statements were entitled to immunity."). 
EFTA00806802
--- PAGE 47 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 47 of 56 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S FAILURE TO TESTIFY AT TRIAL) 
The failure of Jeffrey Epstein to appear or testify as to material facts within his 
knowledge creates an inference that he refrained from appearing or testifying 
because the truth, if revealed, would not be favorable to him. 
See Geiger v. Mather of Lakeland. Inc. 217 So. 2d 897, 898 (Fla. 4th DCA 1968) ("It is a general rule that the failure 
of a party to appear or testify as to material facts within his knowledge creates an inference that he refrained from 
appearing or testifying because the truth, if made to appear, would not aid his contention . . . This appears to be the 
clear weight of authority throughout the country."). 
EFTA00806803
--- PAGE 48 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 48 of 56 
THE SWORD-SHIELD DOCTRINE 
Under Florida law, Jeffrey Epstein is not permitted to file a civil proceeding against 
Bradley Edwards and then invoke a privilege to avoid discovery on the claims made 
by Jeffrey Epstein against Bradley Edwards in that civil proceeding. 
An issue you are deciding in this case is whether Jeffrey Epstein initiated and 
continued claims against Bradley Edwards in the absence of probable cause. If you 
find that Jeffrey Epstein was asked to provide information about whatever probable 
cause he may have had, and rather than provide that information he instead refused 
to answer relevant questions, then you are permitted, but are not required, to infer 
that Jeffrey Epstein's answers would have been adverse to his position and would 
have demonstrated a lack of probable cause. 
See DePalma v. DePalma 538 So. 2d 1290, 1290 (Fla. 4th DCA 1989) ("It is well settled in this district that a person 
may not seek affirmative relief in a civil action and then invoke the fifth amendment to avoid giving discovery, using 
the fifth amendment as both a `sword and a shield.'"). 
EFTA00806804
--- PAGE 49 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 49 of 56 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S FAILURE TO RAISE ADVICE OF COUNSEL AS A DEFENSE? 
Jeffrey Epstein had the option in this case of claiming that, after he provided his 
attorney with a full and complete disclosure of all the facts known to Jeffrey Epstein, 
his attorney advised him to institute the civil proceeding against Bradley Edwards. 
This defense, called "advice of counsel," would have been a complete defense to 
Bradley Edwards' malicious prosecution action. 
Jeffrey Epstein, however, chose not to raise this defense and failed to call any of his 
attorneys as a witness in support of his defense to Bradley Edwards' malicious 
prosecution claim. The failure of Jeffrey Epstein to present testimony of his own 
attorneys who are within his control and who may have knowledge of facts at issue 
justifies an adverse inference against Jeffrey Epstein. 
You therefore may, but are not required to, infer that Jeffrey Epstein failed to call 
his attorneys because his attorneys' testimony would have been unfavorable to 
Jeffrey Epstein's claim that Jeffrey Epstein had probable cause to initiate the civil 
proceeding against Bradley Edwards. 
See Paulk v. Buczynski 106 So. 2d 100, 102 (Fla. 2d DCA 1958) ("As mentioned above, defendant alleged that the 
perjury prosecution against plaintiff was instituted upon advice of counsel. Such is a complete defense to an action for 
malicious prosecution; however, such advice of counsel must be based upon a full and complete disclosure of all the 
facts."). See Tri-State Systems, Inc. v. Department of Transportation 500 So. 2d 212, 215 (Fla. 1st DCA 1986) ("[T]he 
failure of a party to present the testimony of a person within his control who has knowledge of the fact at issue justifies 
an inference adverse to that party."); see also Haliburton v. State 561 So. 2d 248, 250 (Fla. 1990); McLaughlin v. 
Union-Leader Com. 99 N.H. 492, 498 (M. 1955) (affirming trial court's ruling permitting counsel to comment on 
the opposing party's failure to call its attorney in defense of the claims). 
EFTA00806805
--- PAGE 50 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 50 of 56 
601.5 CONCLUDING INSTRUCTION (BEFORE FINAL ARGUMENT) 
That is the law you must follow in deciding this case. The attorneys for the parties 
will now present their final arguments. When they are through, I will have a few final 
instructions about your deliberations. 
EFTA00806806
--- PAGE 51 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800X,XXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 51 of 56 
SECTION 700-CLOSING INSTRUCTIONS 
Members of the jury, you have now heard all the evidence, my instructions on the law 
that you must apply in reaching your verdict and the closing arguments of the attorneys. You 
will shortly retire to the jury room to decide this case. Before you do so, I have a few last 
instructions for you. 
During deliberations, jurors must communicate about the case only with one another 
and 
only when all jurors are present in the jury room. You will have in the jury room all of the 
evidence that was received during the trial. In reaching your decision, do not do any research 
on your own or as a group. Do not use dictionaries, the Internet, or any other reference 
materials. Do not investigate the case or conduct any experiments. Do not visit or view the 
scene of any event involved in this case or look at maps or pictures on the Internet. If you 
happen to pass by the scene, do not stop or investigate. All jurors must see or hear the same 
evidence at the same time. Do not read, listen to, or watch any news accounts of this trial. 
You are not to communicate with any person outside the jury about this case. Until you 
have reached a verdict, you must not talk about this case in person or through the telephone, 
writing, or electronic communication, such as a blog, twitter, e-mail, text message, or any other 
means. Do not contact anyone to assist you, such as a family accountant, doctor, or lawyer. 
These communications rules apply until I discharge you at the end of the case. 
If you become aware of any violation of these instructions or any other instruction I 
have given in this case, you must tell me by giving a note to the bailiff. 
Any notes you have taken during the trial may be taken to the jury room for use during 
your discussions. Your notes are simply an aid to your own memory, and neither your notes nor 
those of any other juror are binding or conclusive. Your notes are not a substitute for your own 
EFTA00806807
--- PAGE 52 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 52 of 56 
memory or that of other jurors. Instead, your verdict must result from the collective memory and 
judgment of all jurors based on the evidence and testimony presented during the trial. 
At the conclusion of the trial, the bailiff will collect all of your notes and immediately 
destroy them. No one will ever read your notes. 
In reaching your verdict, do not let bias, sympathy, prejudice, public opinion, or any 
other sentiment for or against any party to influence your decision. Your verdict must be based 
on the evidence that has been received and the law on which I have instructed you. 
Reaching a verdict is exclusively your job. I cannot participate in that decision in any 
way and you should not guess what I think your verdict should be from something I may have 
said or done. You should not think that I prefer one verdict over another. Therefore, in 
reaching your verdict, you should not consider anything that I have said or done, except for my 
specific instructions to you. 
Pay careful attention to all the instructions that I gave you, for that is the law that you 
must follow. You will have a copy of my instructions with you when you go to the jury room 
to deliberate. All the instructions are important, and you must consider all of them together. 
There are no other laws that apply to this case, and even if you do not agree with these laws, 
you must use them in reaching your decision in this case. 
When you go to the jury room, the first thing you should do is choose a presiding juror to 
act as a foreperson during your deliberations. The foreperson should see to it that your 
discussions are orderly and that everyone has a fair chance to be heard. 
It is your duty to talk with one another in the jury room and to consider the views of all 
the jurors. Each of you must decide the case for yourself, but only after you have considered the 
evidence with the other members of the jury. Feel free to change your mind if you are convinced 
that your position should be different. You should all try to agree. But do not give up your 
EFTA00806808
--- PAGE 53 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 53 of 56 
honest beliefs just because the others think differently. Keep an open mind so that you and your 
fellow jurors can easily share ideas about the case. I will give you a verdict form with 
questions you must answer. I have already instructed you on the law that you are to use in 
answering these questions. You must follow my instructions and the form carefully. You must 
consider each question separately. Please answer the questions in the order they appear. After 
you answer a question, the form tells you what to do next. I will now read the form to you: (read 
form of verdict) 
You will be given (state number) forms of verdict, which I shall now read to you: (read 
form of verdict) 
If you find for Bradley Edwards, your verdict will be in the following form: (read form of 
verdict) 
If you find for Jeffrey Epstein, your verdict will be in the following form: (read form 
of verdict) 
Your verdict must be unanimous, that is, your verdict must be agreed to by each of 
you. When you have agreed on your verdict and finished filling out the form, your foreperson 
must write the date and sign it at the bottom and return the verdict to the bailiff. 
If any of you need to communicate with me for any reason, write me a note and give it 
to the bailiff. In your note, do not disclose any vote or split or the reason for the 
communication. You may now retire to decide your verdict. 
EFTA00806809
--- PAGE 54 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 54 of 56 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, BRADLEY J. 
EDWARDS, individually, and L.M., individually, 
Defendant, 
VERDICT FORM 
Please answer each of the following questions: 
(1) Did Jeffrey Epstein initiate or continue a civil claim against Bradley Edwards 
maliciously and without probable cause? 
Yes 
No 
If your answer is No', do not address question (2) below. If however, your answer is 'Yes', 
please proceed to question (2)-(5). 
(2) What is the amount of damage, if any, sustained by Bradley Edwards to his reputation 
and due to shame, humiliation, mental anguish and hurt feelings, as a consequence of 
the wrongdoing by Jeffrey Epstein? 
(3) What is the amount of damage, if any, sustained by Bradley Edwards for loss of capacity 
for the enjoyment of life, as a consequence of the wrongdoing by Jeffrey Epstein? 
(4) What is the amount of damage, if any, sustained by Bradley Edwards for lost time in the 
past, as a consequence of the wrongdoing by Jeffrey Epstein? 
EFTA00806810
--- PAGE 55 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 55 of 56 
(5) Do you find by clear and convincing evidence that punitive damages are warranted 
against Jeffrey Epstein? 
Yes 
No 
EFTA00806811
--- PAGE 56 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Second Amended Proposed Jury Instructions and Verdict Form 
Page 56 of 56 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, BRADLEY J. 
EDWARDS, individually, and L.M., individually, 
Defendant, 
VERDICT FORM 
Please answer each of the following questions: 
(1) What is the total amount of punitive damages, if any, which you find, by the greater 
weight of the evidence, should be assessed against Jeffrey Epstein? 
If you elect not to assess punitive damages against Jeffrey Epstein, you should enter a zero (0) as the amount 
of damages, and sign and date the verdict form. 
[If you have elected not to assess punitive damages against Jeffrey Epstein then you should skip the 
remaining questions and sign and date the verdict form. If, however, you have elected to assess punitive 
damages against Jeffrey Epstein, then you should answer the following questions:] 
At the time of loss, injury, or damage to Bradley Edwards, did Jeffrey Epstein have a specific intent 
to harm Bradley Edwards and did the conduct of Jeffrey Epstein in fact harm Bradley Edwards? 
Yes 
No 
EFTA00806812

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806813.pdf
----------------------------------------
Michael C. Miller 
212 506 3955 
mmiller@steptoe.com 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10036 
212 506 3900 main 
www.steptoe.com 
SUBMITTED UNDER SEAL 
Hon. John G. Kochi 
United States District Court 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007-1312 
Steptoe 
STIPTOC Si JOHNSON PAP 
November 22, 2017 
Re: 
Jane Doe 43 v. Jeffrey Epstein, et al. 
Civil Action No. 17-cv-616 
Dear Judge Koeltl: 
We represent Defendants Jeffrey Epstein and Lesley Groff ("Defendants") in the above-
referenced matter (the "Jane Doe Matter"). The Defendants filed yesterday a motion to dismiss 
the First Amended Complaint filed by Plaintiff Jane Doe ("Jane Doe" and "MTD"). For the 
reasons set forth, below, the Defendants respectfully request that they be provided with an 
opportunity to submit a supplemental MID after the Court issues a confidentiality order in this 
matter. 
As we previously advised the Court, Jane Doe voluntarily gave deposition testimony and 
documents relatin to the alle ations in the Jane Doe Matter in a matter captioned 
(the '1= 
Matter") (the "Jane Doe Evidence"). 
The Jane Doe Evidence, given by Jane Doe shortly after she filed the Jane Doe Matter, was 
designated as Confidential pursuant to the Protective Order in the 
Matter ("Protective 
Ora
. Specifically, Jane Doe and the parties to the in the 
Matter, the plaintiff, 
and the defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, all designated Jane Doe's deposition transcript as 
Confidential, and Jane Doe designated her document production as Confidential. Jane Doe and 
the plaintiff in the 
Matter both subsequently withdrew their confidential designation of 
Jane Doe's deposition transcript "in its entirety," and objected to the confidential designation of 
that transcript by the defendant in that action.
I Jane Doe's more recent conduct is entirely consistent with her decision to withdraw 
this confidential designation and calls into question whether she should be permitted to continue 
to proceed in this matter behind a "Jane Doe" caption. Indeed, on November 15, 2017, Jane Doe 
(Continued...) 
EFTA00806813
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hon. John G. Koelti 
November 22, 2017 
Page 2 
Steptoe 
The Jane Doe Evidence, as it turns out, is dispositive of this action. In particular, the 
Jane Doe Evidence demonstrates that the sole claim asserted in the Jane Doe Matter is barred by 
the longest potentially applicable ten-year statute of limitations, the Court in the Jane Doe Matter 
lacks personal jurisdiction over Defendants, and Jane Doe cannot plead a legally sufficient 
amended complaint. 
On 
and pursuant to directions from this Court, the Defendants filed a 
motion befo 
seeking a modification of the Protective Order to permit 
the Defendants to use all of the Jane Doe Evidence in support of the MTD ("Motion to Modify). 
Oil 
Plaintiff responded to the Motion to Modify by agreeing to permit the use 
of
 but not all, of the Jane Doe Evidence. Ghislaine Maxwell, the defendant in the 
Matter, advised the Court that she took no position on the Motion to Modify and 
requested only that Jane Doe's deposition transcript be treated as confidential pursuant to a 
protective order to be issued in the Jane Doe Matter. 
Through Maxwell's submission, the Defendants learned for the first time that, on May 5, 
2017, Jane Doe and 
withdrew their confidential designations of Jane Doe's deposition 
ta
t. Their withdrawal is memorialized in a joint letter filed by their joint counsel in the 
Matter — the same lawyers who represent Jane Doe in the Jane Doe Matter. See Exhibit 
B attached. Surprisingly, Jane Doe never advised the Defendants of her and 
withdrawal of their confidential designations. a 
the MIFItr• 
was 
concluded and dismissed. 
Ot 
issued a Sealed Opinion on the Motion to Modify. 
See Exhibit C attached. Judge Sweet noted that Jane "Doe and the Plaintiff [ 
withdrew 
th[e] confidential designation of the [Jane] Doe Evidence on May 5, 2017, buinfendant 
Ghislaine Maxwell ... objected" to the non-confidential treatment. Opinion at 3. 
then made the following rulings. 
First, 
held that 
"D 
Evidence at issue is no longer subject to the 
[Protective] Order." Opinion at 6. 
explained that "the purpose of the Protective 
Order was to guide the confidentiality determinations during the discovery process, and not 
beyond this point." Id. at 7. As a result, the "Protective Order did not extend beyond the 
completion of discovery or the termination of this action." Id. 
Seconc 
held that "absent other arrangements agreed upon regarding the 
disposal of the protected information, and this Court was informed of no such arrangements, on 
published a letter to the editor of the New York Times in her own name in which she identified 
herself as the plaintiff in the Jane Doe Matter. See Exhibit A attached. 
EFTA00806814
--- PAGE 3 ---
Hon. John G. Koeltl 
November 22, 2017 
Page 3 
S t e p t o e 
ttt PtCut • ic)friri SW. LIP 
May 25, 2017, all protected information, including the Jane Doe Evidence, was to be returned to 
the original party, parties, non-party, or non-parties who designated it as confidential." Opinion 
at 7-8. 
Lastly 
held that a "party or non-party is deemed a designator of 
confidentiality if, on the date of this matter's termination, i.e., May 25, 2017, that party or non-
party was deemed the confidentiality designator of the document, information, or piece of 
material." Opinion at 8. Since both Jane Doe and 
withdrew their confidentiality 
I
lion with respect to Jane Doe's deposition in its entirety before the termination of the 
Matter, the only confidentiality designator of the deposition transcript, including the 
documents used during the deposition, is Maxwell. 
Counsel for Maxwell has now advised the Defendants that Maxwell agrees that 
Defendants need not return the deposition transcript, including the documents used during the 
deposition, and that this evidence may be used in the Jane Doe Matter, provided that this 
evidence is used pursuant to a confidentiality order. See Exhibit D attached. 
In order to comply with the seven-day filing deadline directed by the Court, Defendants 
have filed their MTD yesterday. This version of the MTD does not contain references to the 
Jane Doe deposition or related exhibits since we do not yet have a confidentiality order in place. 
Defendants will work diligently to promptly submit a joint draft confidentiality order to the 
Court in accordance with the arrangement advanced by Maxwell and consistent with the Sealed 
Opinion.2 We respectfully request that the Court permit the Defendants to file a supplemental 
MTD which references the contents of the Jane Doe deposition and documents used during that 
deposition within seven (7) days following entry of a confidentiality order in this matter. 
We have attempted to contact counsel for Jane Doe in order to obtain his consent to this 
request, but have not heard back him. 
Repriectfully submitted, 
(Ct 
Michael C. Miller 
Counsel for Defendants Jeffrey 
Epstein and Lesley Groff 
We will also attempt to reach agreement with Jane Doe regarding the balance of the 
Jane Doe Evidence that was designated confidential but was not used at Jane Doe's deposition. 
EFTA00806815
--- PAGE 4 ---
EXHIBIT A 
EFTA00806816
--- PAGE 5 ---
Flow David Boles Saved Me - 1 he New Y orK t comes 
I CIS,. 
• %, 
... 
Mit New fork ginteo 
https://nyti.msajvHgf5 
https://www nyiiines.com/201 7/1 Ill 5/opinion/david-boics.html?InabRcward=ART_ C l'Ml&red... 11/16/2017 
.• 
.• 
- 
a • 
EFTA00806817
--- PAGE 6 ---
flow David Boles Saved Me - The Ncw York 7•imcs 
rage z of z 
2017 The New York Times Company 
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/15/opinion/david-boies.htrnl?mabReward=AR'I• CIMl&reei.. 
11/16/2017 
.• 
- 
• - 
• 
EFTA00806818
--- PAGE 7 ---
EXHIBIT B 
EFTA00806819
--- PAGE 8 ---
BSF 
folks 
SCHILLER 
FLEXNER 
May 5, 2017 
VIA E-MAIL 
Laura Menninger, Esq. 
HADDON, MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver, Colorado 80203 
Imenninger@hin flaw.com 
Re: 
Dear Ms. Menninger, 
to paragraph 11 of the Protective Order (DE 62 
of Ms
withdrawal of her confidentiality designation o 
transcript in its entiret , as well as Ms. 
objection to De 
ela
tion o 
deposition transcript in its entirety 
in objecting to any confidentiality designations over her deposition transcript. 
Meredith Schultz, Esq. 
inschultzfabsalu.cum 
Sincerely, 
Is/ Meredith Schultz 
Meredith Schultz, Esq. 
MS/akc 
informs you 
leposition 
entiality 
oins Ms. 
EFTA00806820
--- PAGE 9 ---
EXHIBIT C 
EFTA00806821
--- PAGE 10 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
X 
Plaintiff, 
Civ. 7433 
-against-
SEALED 
OPINION 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
X 
APPEARANCE 
S: 
Counsel for 
BOLES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
By: 
Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. 
Meredith L. Schultz, Esq. 
Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell 
HADDON, MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
150 East Tenth Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
By: 
Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca, Esq. 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein and Lesley Groff 
STEPTOE i JOHNSON LLP 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 100036 
By: 
Michael C. Miller, Esq 
Justin Y.K. Chu, Esq. 
Michael A. Keough, Esq 
at - 
ft • 
EFTA00806822
--- PAGE 11 ---
Sweet, D.J. 
Third-Party Proposed Intervenors Jeffrey Epstein add
Lesley Groff (the "Intervenors") have moved under Fed. R. Ci 
P. Rule 24(b) to intervene in this action and to modify the 
protective order entered in this action on March 17, 2016 (t 
"Protective Order" or the "Order"). See Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(b ; 
Order, ECF No. 62. Intervenors are two of the defendants in 
action captioned Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein, No. 17 Civ. 616 (J 
) 
currently pending before the Honorable John G. Koeltl (the 'Jane 
Doe action"). Intervenors seek through the instant motion t 
modify the Protective Order to permit Intervenors to use al 
evidence produced by Non-Party Jane Doe 43 ("Jane Doe" o 
oe") 
in this action concerning her alleged interactions with the 
Intervenors (the "Jane Doe Evidence" or the "Evidence"), 
including deposition testimony and documents, to assist the in 
preparing a Motion to Dismiss in the Jane Doe action. 
Based upon the conclusions set forth below, the niotion 
to intervene is granted, and all documents, materials, andi 
Information subject to the Protective Order must be returned to 
the party who designated its confidentiality as of the date this 
action was dismissed. 
• • 
• • 
a 
a • 
EFTA00806823
--- PAGE 12 ---
I. 
Prior Proceedings 
This action was commenced on September 21, 2015 by) 
or the "Plaintiff"). On March 17 
(" 
2016, the Court entered into a Protective Order to maintain he 
privacy of the parties and deponents during the pendency of 
discovery. Pursuant to the Order, the parties .and non-partie 
including Doe, designated certain documents, materials, 
deposition testimony, and other information confidential. Dcle 
was a fact witness and deponent in this action, and providel 
both deposition testimony and documents, which were designated 
confidential by the Plaintiff and Doe under the terms of th 
Protective Order. Doe and the Plaintiff withdrew this 
confidential designation of the Doe Evidence on May 5, 2017 
, 
but 
the Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell ("Maxwell" or the "Defendant") 
objected. See Maxwell Letter, Exs. A 6 B. This action was 
settled and dismissed with prejudice pursuant to a joint 
stipulation for dismissal entered into on May 25, 2017. 
On January 26, 2017, Doe filed the Jane Doe action 
against Jeffrey Epstein and others (the "Epstein Defendart.r) 
alleging commercial sex tratticking in violation et 18 0.ttX. 
1i95. Intervenors plan to move to dismiss the Jane Doe action, 
and seuctli to use the Jane Doe Evidence, which 
a• 
a . 
a.
EFTA00806824
--- PAGE 13 ---
confidential pursuant to the Protective Order, in support of 
that Motion to Dismiss. Jane Doe sought to bar the use of 
certain material, and Judge Koelt1 instructed the Intervenor1 to 
"make their application for relief from the Protective Order to 
the Judge in the case in which the Protective Order was 
entered," and to attempt to agree with Doe and 
on th 
scope of the proposed modification. See Intervenors' Br. Ex. B. 
Jane Doe and 
agreed to the release of Doe's deposition 
transcript and fifty-six (56) documents, but sought to bar tjhe 
use of a collection of photographs and a series of 2016 email 
communications between Doe and a reporter, the status of wh ch 
is now the subject of the instant motion. This motion was h and 
and marked fully submitted on November 8, 2017. 
II. 
The Protective Order 
The Protective Order provided confidentiality for 
documents, materials and/or information so designated by the 
parties, together with procedures relating to the designations 
and any challenges to the designations among other provisiims. 
See Order, Eel,' No. 62. The Order also provides that it would 
have nc effect on the use of confidential information at trial. 
The Order stated, in relevant part: 
• - 
• 
e • 
EFTA00806825
--- PAGE 14 ---
1. This Protective Order shall apply to all documents, 
materials, and information, including without 
limitation, documents produced, answers to 
interrogatories, responses to requests for 
admission, deposition testimony, and other 
information disclosed pursuant to the disclosure or 
discovery duties created by the Federal Rules of 
Civil Procedure. 
. .1 
12.At the conclusion of this case, unless other 
arrangements are agreed upon, each document and all 
copies thereof which have been designated as 
CONFIDENTIAL shall be returned to the party that 
designated it CONFIDENTIAL, or the parties may elect 
to destroy CONFIDENTIAL documents. Where the parties 
agree to destroy CONFIDENTIAL documents, the 
destroying party shall provide all parties with an 
affidavit confirming the destruction. 
13.This Protective Order shall have no force and effect 
on the use of any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION at trial 
in this matter. 
III. The Motion to Intervene is Granted 
Pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. Rule 24(b), the Court may 
permit a non-party to intervene where the non-party has "a •laim 
or defense that shares with the main action a common quest;) n of 
law or fact," and the court "consider(sj whether the 
intervention will unduly delay or prejudice the adjudication of 
the original parties' rights." Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(b); see also 
v. Maxwell, November 2, 2016 Sealed Opinion on Motion to 
Intervene for Alan M. Dershowitz; 
v. Maxwell, No. 15 
a • 
• 
EFTA00806826
--- PAGE 15 ---
Civ. 7433 (RWS), 2017 WL 1787934 (S.D.N.Y. May 3, 2017) 
(granting permissive intervention for Michael Cernovich). 
The Jane Doe Evidence at issue relates directly to the 
facts alleged by Doe in both the Jane Doe action and this ac ion 
relative to Doe's purported relationship with the Intervenor 
sufficient to satisfy the Rule 24(b) requirement. According) 
the motion to intervene is granted. 
IV. 
All Materials Subject to the Protective Order Must be 
Returned to the Designating Party or Destroyed 
The. Intervenors argue the Protective Order should 
• 
modified to permit their use of all Jane Doe Evidence in su port 
of their Motion to Dismiss in the Jane Doe action. Doe and 
contest this modification arguing the documents in 
dispute have no bearing on the Epstein Defendants' argument in 
their Motion to Dismiss, and alleging that the Intervenors 
merely seek to use the Jane Doe Evidence in a public Ellin in 
(11 
order to publicly humiliate and intimidate Doe. While the 
parties dispute the reasons for and against modification of the 
Order and the scope of such a modification, the Doe Evidende at 
issue is no onger subject to the Order. 
••• • 
S. 
- 
EFTA00806827
--- PAGE 16 ---
The specific language of the Protective Order, as well 
I 
as the underlying reasons for its issuance, establish that 
certain actions were to be taken "(a)t the conclusion of thi 
case" regarding the ultimate disposition of the protected 
intormation. See Order, 1 12. Paragraph 12 of the Order statqs: 
At the conclusion of the case, unless other 
arrangements are agreed upon, each document and all 
copies thereof which have been designated as 
CONFIDENTIAL shall be returned to the party that 
designated it CONFIDENTIAL, or the parties may elect 
to destroy CONFIDENTIAL documents. Where the parties 
agree to destroy CONFIDENTIAL documents, the 
destroying party shall provide all parties with an 
affidavit confirming the destruction. 
Id. Moreover, paragraph 13 and the Order's introductory language 
establish that the purpose of the Order was to guide 
confidentiality determinations during the discovery process, and 
not beyond this point. See Order, 1 13 ("This Protective Ordjer 
shall have no force and effect on the use of any CONFIDENTIAL 
INFORMATION at trial in this matter."). The Protective Order did 
not extend beyond the completion of discovery or beyond the! 
termination of this action. 
Accordingly, absent "other arrangements . . 
agreed 
upon" regarding the disposal of the protected information, and 
this Court was informed of no such arrangements, on May 25, 
2017, all protected information, including the Jane Doe 
Eviderct-', was tc be returned to the oC.yir,a1 party, parties, 
e. 
I • 
• • 
EFTA00806828
--- PAGE 17 ---
non-party, or non-parties who designated it as confidential.k.See 
id.; cf. In re Agent Orange Prod. Liab. Litig., 821 F.2d 139, 
145 (2d Cir. 1987) (holding that the court did not abuse its 
discretion, even where it modified a term of the settlement 
agreement, by lifting the protective order). 
A party or non-party is deemed the designator of 
confidentiality if, on the date of the matter's termination, 
i.e., May 25, 2017, that party or non-party was deemed the 
confidentiality designator of the document, information, or 
piece of material. Moreover, where a document:, information, 
piece of material, was deemed confidential by multiple parti 
such as a deposition transcript, the protected information m 
be returned to all designators. 
V. 
Conclusion 
Based on the facts and conclusions set forth abovej, 
s, 
st 
the Intervenors' motion to intervene is granted, and the motion 
to modify the Protective Order is denied. Pursuant to paraggi.aph 
At the termination of the case, the parties also obtained i
permission, by way of paragraph 12 of the Order, to destroy any 
or all. confidential documents. However, without any affidavits 
provided to the Court stating this effect, and in light of the 
present dispute, the Court infers that such action was not
taken. 
• - 
• 
a. 
• - 
EFTA00806829
--- PAGE 18 ---
of the Order, all documents, materials, and information 
subject to the Protective Order have been, or will be returner 
to the party who designated its confidentiality. 
It is so ordered. 
EFTA00806830
--- PAGE 19 ---
EXHIBIT D 
EFTA00806831
--- PAGE 20 ---
II A 0 00 
140*C 
AN 
FOREMAN 
Haddon. Morgan and foreman. c 
Jeffrey 5. Pouliot° 
ISO Eosr 101h Avenue 
Denver. Colorado 80203 
en 303.8311364 rx 303232.2628 
vAvvAhmlien.com 
j430g4u03ehmlkiw.tem 
November 21, 2017 
VIA EMAIL 
Justin Y.K. Chu 
Steptoe & Johnson, LLP 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10036 
ichu@steptoe.com 
Re: 
v. Maxwell: Deposition Transcript of
with Attached Exhibits 
Dear Mr. Chu, 
As a result o 
order of
we understand that Ms. 
fl=illi 
Maxwell is the only individual that maintains the confidentiality designation of Ms. 
deposition and the related exhibits. ("the Confidential Information"). You 
have requested that your clients be permitted to use portions of the confidential 
information in support of his Motion to Dismiss the Complaint in Jane Doe 43 v. 
Epstein et al, Case No. 17-cv-00616-JCK ("Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein"). 
We have no objection to the use of the confidential information under the following 
conditions: 
I. Use of the confidential information by your clients is limited to the Motion to 
Dismiss and any related reply in in Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein. 
2. Dissemination of the confidential information is restricted to the parties in 
Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein. the parties' lawyers who have entered their 
appearance in the action, and the Court. 
3. Any use ofthe confidential information in connection with the Motion to 
Dismiss in Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein will be under seal and not accessible to the 
public. You agree to redact any confidential information from any motions or 
pleadings and submit any portions of the confidential information used as an 
exhibit as sealed documents. 
EFTA00806832
--- PAGE 21 ---
Justin Y.K. Chu 
November 21, 2017 
Page 2 
4. Prior to your use of the confidential information you will request and obtain a 
Protective Order from the Court in Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein that limits and 
restricts the use of the confidential information to the terms in paragraphs 1-3 
above. 
5. We have no objection to any of the other parties using the confidential 
information in connection with the motion to dismiss the complaint in Jane 
Doe 43 v. Epstein if they so request, so along as the evidence is used pursuant 
to the terms stated above. 
6. If the Jane Doe Matter proceeds beyond the motion to dismiss stage, we are 
open to permitting the use of the evidence for the remainder of the case, 
subject to an agreed upon Protective Order. 
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this matter, please feel free to contact 
me. 
Very Truly Yours, 
HADDON, MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
/s/ Jeffrey S. Paglittea 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
• . 
• . 
• 
• 
at • 
EFTA00806833

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806834.pdf
----------------------------------------
The electronic official copy of the register follows this message. 
Please note that this is the only official copy we will issue. We will not issue a 
paper official copy. 
EFTA00806834
--- PAGE 2 ---
HM Land Registry 
Official copy 
of register of 
title 
Title number LN 142592 
Edition date 28.01.2015 
- This official copy shows the entries on the register of title on 
MAY 2017 at 11:30:38. 
- This date must be quoted as the "search from date" in any 
official search application based on this copy. 
— The date at the beginning of an entry is the date on which 
the entry was made in the register. 
- Issued on 19 May 2017. 
— Under s.67 of the Land Registration Act 2002, this copy is 
admissible in evidence to the same extent as the original. 
— This title is dealt with by HM Land Registry, Croydon Office. 
A: Property Register 
This register describes the land and estate comprised in the title. Except as 
mentioned below, the title includes any legal easements granted by the 
registered lease but is subject to any rights that it reserves, so far as those 
easements and rights exist and benefit or affect the registered land. 
CITY OF WESTMINSTER 
(29.10.1956) The Leasehold land shown 
above Title filed at the Registry and 
Belgrave Mews West. 
(29.10.1956) 
under which 
Date 
Term 
Rent 
Parties 
edged with red on the plan of the 
being 17 Belgrave Square and 17 
Short particulars of the lease(s) (or under-lease(s)) 
the land is held: 
: 17 July 1956 
: 78- years from 25 March 1956 
: £500 
: (1) George Kershaw Ridley and George Ingram Barty-King 
(2) J.H. Wallace Properties Limited 
(3) The Institute of Metals 
There are excepted from the effect of registration all estates, rights, 
interests, powers and remedies arising upon, or by reason of, any 
dealing made in breach of the prohibition or restriction against 
dealings therewith inter vivos contained in the Lease. 
Lessor's title registered under NGL534144. 
Unless otherwise mentioned the title includes any legal easements 
granted by the registered lease(s) but is subject to any rights that it 
reserves, so far as those easements and rights exist and benefit or 
affect the registered land. 
B: Proprietorship Register 
This register specifies the class of title and identifies the owner. It contains 
any entries that affect the right of disposal. 
Title good leasehold 
(22.11.2013) PROPRIETOR: Belgravia PT LLP (LLP Regn. No. OC370274) of 
Grosvenor Street, London W1K 3JB. 
of 2 
EFTA00806835
--- PAGE 3 ---
Title number LN142592 
B: Proprietorship Register continued 
(22.11.2013) The price stated to have been paid on 31 October 2013 was 
£15,000,000. 
(22.11.2013) The covenant implied under section 4(1)(b) of the Law of 
Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1994 in the disposition to the 
proprietor is modified. 
C: Charges Register 
This register contains any charges and other matters that affect the land. 
(28.01.2015) The land is subject to the lease set out in the schedule 
of leases hereto. 
Schedule of notices of leases 
28.01.2015 
Belgrave Square and 17 
23.01.2015 
NGL948737 
Belgrave Mews West 
from and 
including 23 
January 2015 
expiring on 20 
September 2034 
End of register 
of 2 
EFTA00806836

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806837.pdf
----------------------------------------
The electronic official copy of the register follows this message. 
Please note that this is the only official copy we will issue. We will not issue a 
paper official copy. 
EFTA00806837
--- PAGE 2 ---
HM Land Registry 
Official copy 
of register of 
title 
Title number NGL913651 Edition date 11.01.2017 
- This official copy shows the entries on the register of title on 
MAY 2017 at 12:4123. 
— This date must be quoted as the "search from date" in any 
official search application based on this copy. 
— The date at the beginning of an entry is the date on which 
the entry was made in the register. 
- Issued on 19 May 2017. 
— Under s.67 of the Land Registration Act 2002, this copy is 
admissible in evidence to the same extent as the original. 
— This title is dealt with by HM Land Registry, Croydon Office. 
A: Property Register 
This register describes the land and estate comprised in the title. 
CITY OF WESTMINSTER 
(15.10.2010) The Freehold land shown edged with red on the plan of the 
above title filed at the Registry and described in the Property 
Register Schedule hereto. 
NOTE: As to the part tinted blue on the title plan only the vaults 
lying beneath Belgrave Square are included in the title. 
(09.09.2014) (09.09.2014) The land has the benefit of the rights 
granted by a Deed dated 13 May 2014 made between (1) Philip Charles 
Mcintyre (2) The Most Noble Gerald Cavendish Sixth Duke of Westminster 
and others and (3) Grosvenor Estate Belgravia. 
NOTE:-Copy filed under NGL534143. Copy of transfer dated 21 July 2003 
referred to filed under NGL824692. 
Schedule of properties 
Short description: 13 - 23 Belgrave Square 
Short description: 17 - 23 Belgrave Mews West 
B: Proprietorship Register 
This register specifies the class of title and identifies the owner. It contains 
any entries that affect the right of disposal. 
Title absolute 
(11.01.2017) PROPRIETOR: THE MOST NOBLE HUGH RICHARD LOUIS SEVENTH DUKE 
OF WESTMINSTER, FRANCIS ALEXANDER SCOTT and MARK ROBIN PRESTON of 70 
Grosvenor Street, London W1K 3JP. 
(22.09.2016) RESTRICTION: No disposition by a sole proprietor of the 
registered estate (except a trust corporation) under which capital 
money arises is to be registered unless authorised by an order of the 
court. 
of 2 
EFTA00806838
--- PAGE 3 ---
Title number NGL913651 
C: Charges Register 
This register contains any charges and other matters that affect the land. 
(15.10.2010) The land is subject to the lease set out in the schedule 
of leases hereto. 
Schedule of notices of leases 
15.10.2010 
- 23 Belgrave Square, 17 
27.03.1984 
NGL534144 
- 23 Belgrave Mews West 
200 years from 
25/03/1984 
NOTE 1: The lease comprises also other land. 
NOTE 2: Copy lease filed under NGL491184. 
End of register 
of 2 
EFTA00806839

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806840.pdf
----------------------------------------
The electronic official copy of the register follows this message. 
Please note that this is the only official copy we will issue. We will not issue a 
paper official copy. 
EFTA00806840
--- PAGE 2 ---
HM Land Registry 
Official copy 
of register of 
title 
Title number NGL534144 
Edition date 27.04.2016 
- This official copy shows the entries on the register of title on 
MAY 2017 at 11:32:11. 
- This date must be quoted as the "search from date" in any 
official search application based on this copy. 
— The date at the beginning of an entry is the date on which 
the entry was made in the register. 
- Issued on 19 May 2017. 
— Under s.67 of the Land Registration Act 2002, this copy is 
admissible in evidence to the same extent as the original. 
— This title is dealt with by HM Land Registry, Croydon Office. 
A: Property Register 
This register describes the land and estate comprised in the title. Except as 
mentioned below, the title includes any legal easements granted by the 
registered lease but is subject to any rights that it reserves, so far as those 
easements and rights exist and benefit or affect the registered land. 
CITY OF WESTMINSTER 
(30.05.1984) The Leasehold land shown edged with red on the plan of the 
above Title filed at the Registry and being land in Belgrave Square 
Halkin Place, Belgrave Mews West and Chesham Place, Belgravia, London. 
NOTE: The filed plan has been amended to show by blue tinting the 
extent of vaults lying beneath Belgrave Square which are included in 
the title. 
(30.05.1984) Short particulars of the lease(s) (or under-lease(s)) 
under which the land is held: 
Date 
: 27 March 1984 
Term 
: 200 years from 25 March 1984 
Rent 
: £1000 (subject to review) 
Parties 
: (1) The Trustees of The Will of The Most Noble the 2nd 
Duke 
of Westminster 
(2) Grosvenor Estates 
NOTE 1: The lease comprises also other land 
NOTE 2: Copy lease filed under NGL491184 
There are excepted from the effect of registration all estates, rights, 
interests, powers and remedies arising upon, or by reason of, any 
dealing made in breach of the prohibition or restriction against 
dealings therewith inter vivos contained in the Lease. 
(25.08.2004) The land edged and numbered in green on the title plan has 
been removed from this title and registered under the title number or 
numbers shown in green on the said plan. 
(22.05.2006) Unless otherwise mentioned the title includes any legal 
easements granted by the registered lease(s) but is subject to any 
rights that it reserves, so far as those easements and rights exist and 
benefit or affect the registered land. 
The landlord's title is registered. 
of 3 
EFTA00806841
--- PAGE 3 ---
Title number NGL534144 
A: Property Register continued 
(09.09.2014) (09.09.2014) The land has the benefit of the rights 
granted by a Deed dated 13 May 2014 made between (1) Philip Charles 
Mcintyre (2) The Most Noble Gerald Cavendish Sixth Duke of Westminster 
and others and (3) Grosvenor Estate Belgravia. 
NOTE:-Copy filed under NGL824692. Copy of transfer dated 21 July 2003 
referred to filed under NGL824692. 
B: Proprietorship Register 
This register specifies the class of title and identifies the owner. It contains 
any entries that affect the right of disposal. 
Title absolute 
(30.05.1984) PROPRIETOR: GROSVENOR ESTATE BELGRAVIA (Co. Regn. No. 
.1138134) (an unlimited company) of 53 Davies Street, London W1Y 2BL. 
(30.05.1984) RESTRICTION: No disposition by a sole proprietor of the 
land (not being a trust corporation) under which capital money arises 
is to be registered except under an order of the registrar or of the 
Court. 
C: Charges Register 
This register contains any charges and other matters that affect the land. 
The parts of the land affected thereby are subject to the leases set 
out in the schedule of leases hereto. 
The leases grant and reserve easements as therein mentioned. 
(19.06.2006) The land is subject for a term of 82 years from 25 
December 1955 to the rights granted by a Lease of a transformer chamber 
dated 21 June 1956 made between (1) The Federal Republic of Germany and 
(2) The London Electricity Board. 
NOTE: Lease registered under title number NGL863530. 
(21.11.2012) By a Deed dated 13 November 2012 made between (1) 
Grosvenor Estate Belgravia and (2) The Society Of Chemical Industry the 
terms of the lease dated 25 October 2001 of 14 an 15 Belgrave Square 
referred to in the schedule of leases hereto were varied. 
NOTE: Copy Deed filed under NGL806262. 
(10.02.2014) By a Deed dated 7 February 2014 made between (1) Grosvenor 
Estate Belgravia and (2) Country Land And Business Association Limited 
the terms of the lease dated 27 November 2001 of 16 Belgrave Square 
referred to in the schedule of leases hereto were varied. 
NOTE: Copy Deed filed under NGL807791. 
(27.04.2016) By a Deed dated 13 May 2014 made between (1) Grosvenor 
Estates Belgravia and (2) The Society of Chemical Industry the terms 
of the lease dated 25 October 2001 of 14-15 Belgrave Square referred to 
in the schedule of leases hereto were varied. 
NOTE: Copy Deed filed under NGL806262. 
Schedule of notices of leases 
30.05.1984 
Belgrave Square 
26.01.1978 
NGL324655 
years and 
days from 
23.11.1977 
30.05.1984 
Belgrave Square and 17 
17.07.1956 
LN142592 
Belgrave Mews West 
years from 
25.3.1956 
of 3 
EFTA00806842
--- PAGE 4 ---
Title number NGL534144 
Schedule of notices of leases continued 
30.05.1984 
Belgrave Square and 18 
29.11.1948 
LN69508 
Belgrave Mews West 
years from 
29.9.1948 
30.05.1984 
21,22 and 23 Belgrave 
09.02.1954 
LN116301 
Square and 21,22 and 23 
Belgrave Mews West 
years from 
29.9.1953 
18.07.1990 
Belgrave Square and 19 
25.06.1990 
NGL667778 
Belgrave Mews West 
years from 
25.12.1987 
18.07.1990 
Belgrave Square 
25.06.1990 
NGL667778 
years from 
25.12.1987 
28.01.2002 
and 15 Belgrave Square 
25.10.2001 
NGL806262 
125 years from 
24.6.2001 
NOTE 1: See entry in the Charges Register 
variation dated 13 November 2012 
NOTE 2: see entry in the Charges Register 
Variation dated 13 May 2014. 
15.03.2002 
Belgrave Square 
(Excludes airspace) 
NOTE: See entry in the Charges Register 
dated 7 February 2014. 
01.06.2012 
03.10.2012 
End of register 
Belgrave Mews West 
(Second Floor) 
relating to a Deed of 
relating to a Deed of 
27.11.2001 
NGL807791 
125 years 
(less 156 
days) from 
27.11.2001 
relating to a Deed of Variation 
Belgrave Mews West 
(ground, first, second and 
third floors) 
11.05.2012 
NGL926707 
From 
11.05.2012 to 
25.07.2137 
22.05.2012 
NGL929394 
from and 
including 
22.05.2012 
expiring on 
24.06.2137 
of 3 
EFTA00806843

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806844.pdf
----------------------------------------
The electronic official copy of the register follows this message. 
Please note that this is the only official copy we will issue. We will not issue a 
paper official copy. 
EFTA00806844
--- PAGE 2 ---
HM Land Registry 
Official copy 
of register of 
title 
Title number NGL948737 Edition date 02.02.2017 
- This official copy shows the entries on the register of title on 
MAY 2017 at 11:16:55. 
- This date must be quoted as the "search from date" in any 
official search application based on this copy. 
— The date at the beginning of an entry is the date on which 
the entry was made in the register. 
- Issued on 19 May 2017. 
— Under s.67 of the Land Registration Act 2002, this copy is 
admissible in evidence to the same extent as the original. 
— This title is dealt with by HM Land Registry, Croydon Office. 
A: Property Register 
This register describes the land and estate comprised in the title. Except as 
mentioned below, the title includes any legal easements granted by the 
registered lease but is subject to any rights that it reserves, so far as those 
easements and rights exist and benefit or affect the registered land. 
CITY OF WESTMINSTER 
(28.01.2015) The Leasehold land demised by the lease referred to below 
which lies within the area shown edged with red on the plan of the 
above title filed at Land Registry and being 17 Belgrave Square and 17 
Belgrave Mews West, London (SW1X 8PG). 
NOTE: The airspace extending more than 5 metres above any land and 
buildings is not included in the title. 
(28.01.2015) Short particulars of the lease(s) (or under-lease(s)) 
under which the land is held: 
Date 
: 23 January 2015 
Term 
: from and including 23 January 2015 and expiring on 20 
September 2034 
Parties 
: (1) Belgravia PT LLP 
(2) Georgy Bedzhamov 
(28.01.2015) The title includes any legal easements referred to in 
clause LR11.1 of the registered lease but is subject to any rights that 
are granted or reserved by the lease and affect the registered land. 
(28.01.2015) The registrar has not seen any consent to the grant of 
this sub-lease that the superior lease, out of which it was granted, 
may have required. 
(28.01.2015) The landlord's title is registered. 
B: Proprietorship Register 
This register specifies the class of title and identifies the owner. It contains 
any entries that affect the right of disposal. 
Title absolute 
(28.01.2015) PROPRIETOR: GEORGY BEDZHAMOV care of Rokeby Johnson Baars 
of 2 
EFTA00806845
--- PAGE 3 ---
Title number NGL948737 
B: Proprietorship Register continued 
LLP, 22 Gilbert Street, London W1K 5HD. 
(28.01.2015) The price, other than rents, stated to have been paid on 
the grant of the lease was £15,204,000. 
End of register 
of 2 
EFTA00806846

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806847.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Carla Mahnke, OEI 
From: Lawrence M. Krauss, August 30, 2018 
ii 
Digitally signed by 
Lawrence Krauss 
Date: 2018.08.30 
15:00:32.0700' 
Following on my Aug 28th memo regarding New Evidence related to Australian Skeptics 
Meeting Allegation: New Evidence that ASU covered none of my expenses related to 
the Skeptics conference, and that it was NOT an ASU-supported trip. 
I received yesterday a copy of your investigative report from Oct 6, 2017. I note this 
information: 
(a) "Respondent stressed the convention was not a science conference, his attendance at the 
convention was unrelated to his work and activities at ASU, and was not sponsored by ASU. 
Respondent did not recall if any portion of the trip was paid for by ASU." 
(b) "Respondent submitted a travel reimbursement request for portions of his trip to Australia, 
covering dates November 21- 29, 2016. The Conference/Event listed on the travel 
reimbursement is "Skeptics Convention" and the reason for travel is listed as, "speaking at a 
series of scientific events at ASU." The travel reimbursement form shows Respondent's 
airfare from Canberra, Australia to Melbourne, Australia (where the convention was 
located) was paid for with an ASU purchasing card. In addition, Respondent received per 
diem reimbursement for November 25 - November 27, 2016, dates with travel in 
Melbourne." 
If I had known before the investigation concluded that you needed specific information 
regarding travel and support I could have provided it. See below: 
(1) I realize upon reading it that there was a typo in this travel reimbursement request 
prepared by my executive assistant Jessica Strycker, which she just confirmed for me. The 
correct statement should have been "speaking at a series of scientific events at ANU", which 
is clear as ASU has no campus in Australia: 
On Aug 29, 2018, at 12:37 PM, Jessica Strycker 
wrote: 
That does seem to be a typo since you were in Australia and I don't recall you ever doing any series of 
ASU scientific events in Australia. 
From: Lawrence Krauss 
Date: Wednesday, August 29, 2018 at 12:19 PM 
To: Jessica Strycker 
Cc: Lawrence Krauss 
Subject: travel reimbursement Nov 2016 
I am looking at the OEI report for the trip in Nov 2016 and the following is stated: 
ASU Travel Reimbursement 
Respondent submitted a travel reimbursement request for portions of his trip to Australia, covering dates November 21— 29, 2016. 
The Conference/Event listed on the travel reimbursement is "Skeptics Convention" and the reason for travel is listed as, "speaking at a 
series of scientific events at ASU." The travel reimbursement form shows Respondent's airfare from Canberra, Australia to Melbourne, 
Australia (where the convention was located) was paid for with an ASU purchasing card. In addition, Respondent received per diem 
reimbursement for November 25— November 27, 2016, dates with travel in Melbourne. 
EFTA00806847
--- PAGE 2 ---
Was this a typo.. ? This presumably should have been speaking at a series of scientific events at ANU? 
(2) My itinerary was as follows: 
Nov 21 Portland-LA-Melbourne, arriving Melbourne Nov 23 900 AM 
Nov 23 Melbourne - Canberra departing 1030 am arriving 11:35 am 
Nov 25 Canberra-Melbourne Departing 11:25- arriving 12:35 pm 
Nov 28 Melbourne to Brisbane departing 1220 pm, arriving 230 pm 
Nov 29 Brisbane-LA-Portland departing at 1100 am arriving back at 1140 am Nov 29. 
The Melbourne-Canberra round-trip was for the purpose of visiting ANU in Canberra, 
where I was meeting with colleagues, giving a lunchtime seminar and participating in an Mt. 
Stromlo evening event, while working in my office at Mt. Stomlo. 
The Skeptics had agreed to pay for my USA to Melbourne round trip business class airfare. 
In addition, as the attached email thread demonstrates I convinced them to also pay for half 
of the Melbourne-Canberra roundtrip, thus saving ASU money, by demonstrating they 
wouldn't have to cover hotel for the days I was in Canberra. In an effort to review this 
itinerary for the purposes of this note, I uncovered the attached email thread with the 
organizer of the skeptics conference. Not only does this explicitly confirm the above 
description of my travel, which I tried to explain to you during our interviews. Please note 
in particular the sentence from Ken Greatorex's email regarding the Melbourne-Canberra-
Melbourne portion of the trip: 
"We have always assumed that your return flights Melbourne to Canberra would be paid for 
by you as they have no relation to the Convention." 
It could not be clearer that did not cover any of my travel expenses related to the 
Skeptics meeting. Rather, I got the Skeptics meeting to cover some of my ASU-related 
travel to Canberra as a courtesy to me, and to ASU. 
My hotel in Melbourne was paid by the Skeptics. Regarding the food per diem from ASU, it 
covered some of the costs of some of my meals while in Melbourne (including the dinner I 
ate downtown at my hotel instead of staying for the late dinner after the Skeptics reception 
at the Zoo). In Melbourne I talked with colleagues at the University of Melbourne, with 
whom I had written two research papers in previous years, and with whom I was 
discussing possible further collaborations with me and my Australian student Jayden 
Newstead, who had come from Melbourne to study at ASU and has continued working with 
colleagues in Melbourne since then, and also with my postdoc Thomas Jacques, who also 
came to ASU from Melbourne. 
EFTA00806848
--- PAGE 3 ---
ASU did not support my attendance at the Australian Skeptics Conference in any way. Nor 
was the Skeptics Conference supported by ASU in any way. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Ken Greatorex 
Subject Re: Flight itineracy for Dr. Krauss 
Date: September 9. 2016 at 11:19:18 PM PDT 
To: Lawrence Krauss 
Would you be happy to go halves on that? 
It turns out that the Brisbane people are very keen to have you on Monday evening November 28, so the 
Monday flight looks like the best option. 
live looked at the Qantas offerings (or Melbourne to Brisbane on Monday November 28. I'd suggest the 
most convenient flights leave Melbourne at 0920, 1020, 1120 and 1220. There will be a number of people 
from Brisbane Skeptics at Convention, and it might be a good Idea to organise at least one of them to 
accompany you on the flight; local knowledge, transport etc. at the Brisbane end. 
Well pay for your flight, BSS will provide accommodation, etc at the other end. 
Part of the agenda behind all this is that Queensland Skeptics and Gold Coast Skeptics have become 
somewhat moribund. Brisbane Skeptics are the activist 'new kids on the block' and could benefit greatly 
from having a guest speaker with your CV. 
Ken 
From: Lawrence Krauss c
> 
Sent: Saturday, 10 September 2016 10:05 AM 
To: Lawrence Krauss 
Cc:Ken Greatorex; Lawrence Krauss; Jessica Lee 
Subject: Re: Flight Itinerary for Dr. Krauss 
Here are the flights just booked: 
Wed 
10:30 Metourne Duration: lh 
11:35 Canberra Stops: 0 
CIF1528 
Economy 
05m 
Nov 
Fri 
11:25 Canberra Duration: lh 
12:35 Melbourne Stops: 0 
ilf 3 
Economy 
10m 
Nov 
On Sep 9, 2016, at 4:38 PM, Lawrence Krauss a. 
wrote: 
EFTA00806849
--- PAGE 4 ---
The qantas flight times have been changed.. I arrive at 9 am. 
No worries, I thought you were covering the flights to canberra because it would save hotel costs for 2 
nights.. ( I will stay with friends there).. RT is probably less than or equal to that, but if it Is an issue I will 
book.. In fact I will book now, and you can let me know your thoughts on that later if you feel like 
covering It. 
Re brIsbane.. No, I found out a few months ago that Q&A will be finished for the season at that point, so 
happy to go up to Brisbane on the 28th and stay there, and give a talk if they want.. or stay in Melbourne, 
or whatever works best for you 
let me know your thoughts. 
On Sep 9, 2016, at 3:55 PM, Ken Greatorex 
wrote: 
That's good. 
Now in regard to the rest of your Itinerary. 
We have you arriving in Melbourne on Qantas Flight 96 at 10.00 am on Wednesday 23rd 
You then opted to take the first available flight to Canberra. 
You have since offered to return to Melbourne early enough on Friday 25th to appear at the afternoon 
"Skepticamps being organised by Uni students. 
You are booked Into Quest Carlton on Finlay, where you've stayed with us previously, along with Edzard 
and Danielle Ernst, Harriet and Kirk Hall, Michael Marshall and Dr Melanie Thomson. In Friday 25, out 
Monday 28. 
We then have you leaving Brisbane on Qantas Flight 15 at 11 am on Tuesday November 29. 
We have always assumed that your return flights Melbourne to Canberra would be paid for by you as they 
have no relation to the Convention. We are happy to book them. 
In regard to the Melbourne - Brisbane link, the actual arrangements depend on what you wanted to do 
with your time. You were talking about lining up your own speaking engagement(s) / Pi appearances on 
the way. If you Just want a direct Melbourne-Brisbane flight and accommodation in Brisbane, we'll 
arrange and pay for that. Brisbane Skeptics may want to organise a talk for you on Monday night, if you're 
up for that. 
Warmest regards, 
Ken 
EFTA00806850

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806851.pdf
----------------------------------------
TPJC 
April 5, 2018 
VIA EMAIL 
TiiE _a
--
PRIVATE IET 
COMPANY 
JEGE, LLC 
610 Red Hook 
Quarters B3 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
US Virgin Islands 
Mr. Jeffery, Epstein, 
RE: 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV, Manufacturer's Serial Number IV-1085, Registered as N120JE, 
together with its engines and all aircraft documentation, appurtenances, appliances, parts, 
instruments, components, accessions, and furnishings (the "Aircraft"). 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
TPJC, Inc., on behalf of our Buyer ("Buyer') is pleased to present J ege, LLC ("Seller') with this offer to 
purchase ("Offer") regarding Buyer's proposed purchase of the referenced Aircraft for One Million Five 
Hundred Thousand US Dollars (SUS 1,500,000) ("Purchase Price'). Buyer's purchase of the Aircraft shall be 
subject to the following terms and conditions set forth below in this Offer and as more fully set forth and 
described in a subsequent, definitive Aircraft Purchase Agreement ("APA"). 
Aircraft Condition: The Aircraft is being sold subject to the Aircraft being delivered with: 
(i) 
Title free and clear of all liens, claims, and/or encumbrances; 
(0i) 
No undisclosed damage history and no material corrosion or undisclosed history of damage 
or corrosion; 
Any spare parts, loose equipment, rotables (including life rafts) and all systems and 
equipment in airworthy and operational condition and functioning within manufacturer's 
tolerances and specifications; 
(v) 
All calendar, hourly and cycle inspections current through 50 flight hours and 30 days post-
closing, all existing Mandatory Airworthiness Directive's complied with through the date of 
Closing with no deferments. 
(v) 
72-month inspection completed at Owner's expense. 
Visual Review: The aircraft and its records shall be made available for a one-day visual review by the Buyer's 
representative at the aircraft's current location. Buyer's representative shall cause the visual review of the 
aircraft to commence no later than 5 business days after the Acceptance of this Offer. 
Inspection: The Aircraft shall be made available for inspection by Buyer at an authorized service center 
mutually agreeable to both Buyer and Seller ("Inspection Facility'). Buyer shall cause the inspection of the 
Aircraft to commence not later than April 20th, 2018. The inspection shall include, but is not necessarily limited 
to, the following. 
O 
A pre-purchase and visual inspection ("Inspection") of the Aircraft and all of its records, 
manuals, logs, and other documents; its current inspection status; and any other items 
designated by Buyer and mutually agreeable to Seller. 
11780 US Highway One, Suite 305 • North Palm Beach, Florida 33408 • +1.561.691.3545 • theprivatejetcompany.com 
EFTA00806851
--- PAGE 2 ---
0i) 
Buyer shall also be entitled to an evaluation flight of no more than two (2) hours in duration. 
Seller's pilot or a pilot that is acceptable to Seller, in Seller's sole discretion, shall maintain 
command and control of the Aircraft at all times during such evaluation flight. Buyer may 
have up to two (2) observers on the evaluation flight. 
Acceptance/Rejection: Buyer may, at any time before the Technical Acceptance of the aircraft, and in Buyer's 
sole and exclusive discretion, reject the Aircraft by providing Seller with written notice of such rejection. Should 
Buyer accept the Aircraft, Buyer will provide Seller with a technical acceptance certificate for the Aircraft as 
provided under the terms of APA. 
Discrepancies: Any discrepancies discovered during the Inspection by the Inspection Facility which render 
the Aircraft non-airworthy shall be corrected at Seller's sole cost prior to Closing unless otherwise agreed upon 
in writing between the Buyer and Seller. 
Aircraft Documentation: All Aircraft log books, wiring diagrams, maintenance manuals, and parts catalogs 
shall accompany the Aircraft to the Inspection and Closing. 
Conditions Precedent: This Offer is subject to execution of an APA which shall be consistent with the terms 
of this Offer. The parties hereto agree that the APA shall be executed no later than 10 days after the acceptance 
of the LO1, or as otherwise extended in writing between Buyer and Seller. 
Closing: Closing shall occur, subject to: (i) Buyer's technical acceptance of the Aircraft, not later than three 
(3) business days following completion of the Inspection and any related repairs, unless otherwise mutually 
agreed to by the parties in writing; 
Confidentiality: Each party hereto agrees that it will treat the Purchase Price as confidential and will not, 
without the prior written consent of the other, disclose such Purchase Price to any third party, except for 
disclosure to its lenders or other funding sources, attorneys, auditors or its successors or permitted assigns and 
as may be required by applicable law or governmental regulations or as may be necessary to effect the 
transactions contemplated hereby, in which case the party so disclosing shall use good faith efforts to limit 
disclosure to such third parties on a need-to know basis. 
Deposit: Upon Seller's acceptance of this Offer, Buyer will cause a fully refundable deposit in the amount of 
One Hundred Fifty Thousand US Dollars ($US 150,000) ("Deposit") to be placed with Insured Aircraft Tide 
Service, Inc. within two (2) days. The Deposit shall become non-refundable upon Buyer's technical acceptance 
of the Aircraft and shall be applied towards the Purchase Price, except as otherwise provided in the APA. 
Expiration of Offer. This Offer shall expire on Monday, April 9th, 2018 at 5:00PM Eastern Time ("Expiration 
Date') unless accepted by Seller as set forth below. 
If the foregoing Offer is acceptable to Seller, please execute this Offer in the appropriate space below and 
deliver this Offer to Buyer not later than the Expiration Date. 
*******Signature Page Follows******* 
EFTA00806852
--- PAGE 3 ---
BUYER 
TPJC, Inc. O/B/O Buyer 
By: 
Name: Daniel C. Jennings 
Title: President 
Date: April 5th, 2018 
SELLER 
JEGE, LLC 
By:  
Name: Mr. Jeffery Epstein 
Title: Member/Manager 
Date:  
EFTA00806853

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806854.pdf
----------------------------------------
TPJC 
April 5, 2018 
VIA EMAIL 
THE _a
--
PRIVATE JET 
COMPANY 
JEGE, LLC 
610 Red Hook 
Quarters B3 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
US Virgin Islands 
Mr. Jeffery Epstein, 
RE: 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV, Manufacturer's Serial Number IV-1085, Registered as NI20JE, 
together with its engines and all aircraft documentation, appurtenances, appliances, pans, 
instruments, components, accessions, and furnishings (the "Aircraft"). 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
TPJC, Inc., on behalf of our Buyer ("Buyer") is pleased to present Jege, LLC ("Seller') with this offer 
to purchase ("Offer") regarding Buyer's proposed purchase of the referenced Aircraft for One Million Five 
Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($US 1,500,000) ("Purchase Price'). Buyer's purchase of the Aircraft shall be 
subject to the following terms and conditions set forth below in this Offer and as more fully set forth and 
described in a subsequent, definitive Aircraft Purchase Agreement (`APA"). 
Aircraft Condition: The Aircraft is being sold subject to the Aircraft being delivered with: 
(i) 
Title free and clear of all liens, claims, and/or encumbrances; 
(ii) 
No undisclosed damage history and no material corrosion or undisclosed history of damage 
or corrosion; 
(hi) 
Any spare parts, loose equipment, roubles (including life rafts) and all systems and 
equipment in airworthy and operational condition and functioning within manufacturer's 
tolerances and specifications; 
(v) 
All calendar, hourly and cycle inspections current through 50 flight hours and 30 days post-
closing, all existing Mandatory Airworthiness Directive's complied with through the date of 
Closing with no deferments. 
(v) 
72-month inspection completed at Owner's expense. 
Visual Review: The aircraft and its records shall be made available for a one-day visual review by the Buyer's 
representative at the aircraft's current location. Buyer's representative shall cause the visual review of the 
aircraft to commence no later than 5 business days after the Acceptance of this Offer. 
Inspection: The Aircraft shall be made available for inspection by Buyer at an authorized service center 
mutually agreeable to both Buyer and Seller ("Inspection Facility"). Buyer shall cause the inspection of the 
Aircraft to commence not later than April 20th, 2018. The inspection shall include, but is not necessarily limited 
to, the following: 
O 
A pre-purchase and visual inspection ("Inspection") of the Aircraft and all of its records, 
manuals, logs, and other documents; its current inspection status; and any other items 
designated by Buyer and mutually agreeable to Seller. 
11780 US Highway One, Suite 305 • North Palm Beach, Florida 33408 • +1.561.691.3545 • theprivatejetcompany.com 
EFTA00806854
--- PAGE 2 ---
Buyer shall also be entitled to an evaluation flight of no more than two (2) hours in duration. 
Seller's pilot or a pilot that is acceptable to Seller, in Seller's sole discretion, shall maintain 
command and control of the Aircraft at all times during such evaluation flight. Buyer may 
have up to two (2) observers on the evaluation flight. 
Acceptance/Rejection: Buyer may, at any time before the Technical Acceptance of the aircraft, and in Buyer's 
sole and exclusive discretion, reject the Aircraft by providing Seller with written notice of such rejection. Should 
Buyer accept the Aircraft, Buyer will provide Seller with a technical acceptance certificate for the Aircraft as 
provided under the terms of APA. 
Discrepancies: Any discrepancies discovered during the Inspection by the Inspection Facility which render 
the Aircraft non-airworthy shall be corrected at Seller's sole cost prior to Closing unless otherwise agreed upon 
in writing between the Buyer and Seller. 
Aircraft Documentation: All Aircraft log books, wiring diagrams, maintenance manuals, and parts catalogs 
shall accompany the Aircraft to the Inspection and Closing. 
Conditions Precedent•. This Offer is subject to execution of an APA which shall be consistent with the terms 
of this Offer. The parties hereto agree that the APA shall be executed no later than 10 days after the acceptance 
of the LOI, or as otherwise extended in writing between Buyer and Seller. 
Closing: Closing shall occur, subject to: (i) Buyer's technical acceptance of the Aircraft, not later than three 
(3) business days following completion of the Inspection and any related repairs, unless otherwise mutually 
agreed to by the parties in writing; 
Confidentiality: Each party hereto agrees that it will treat the Purchase Price as confidential and will not, 
without the prior written consent of the other, disclose such Purchase Price to any third party, except for 
disclosure to its lenders or other funding sources, attorneys, auditors or its successors or permitted assigns and 
as may be required by applicable law or governmental regulations or as may be necessary to effect the 
transactions contemplated hereby, in which case the party so disclosing shall use good faith efforts to limit 
disclosure to such third parties on a need-to know basis. 
Deposit: Upon Seller's acceptance of this Offer, Buyer will cause a fully refundable deposit in the amount of 
One Hundred Fifty Thousand US Dollars (SUS 150,000) ("Deposit') to be placed with Insured Aircraft Tide 
Service, Inc. within two (2) days. The Deposit shall become non-refundable upon Buyer's technical acceptance 
of the Aircraft and shall be applied towards the Purchase Price, except as otherwise provided in the APA. 
Expiration of Offer. This Offer shall expire on Monday, April 9th, 2018 at 5:00PM Eastern Time ("Expiration 
Date') unless accepted by Seller as set forth below. 
If the foregoing Offer is acceptable to Seller, please execute this Offer in the appropriate space below and 
deliver this Offer to Buyer not later than the Expiration Date. 
*******Signature Page Follows******* 
EFTA00806855
--- PAGE 3 ---
BUYER 
TPJC, Inc. O/B/O Buyer 
By: 
Name: Daniel C. Jennings 
Title: President 
Date: April Sth, 2018 
SELLER 
JEGE, LLC 
By:  
Name: Mr. Jeffery Epstein 
Tide: Member/Manager 
Date:  
EFTA00806856

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806857.pdf
----------------------------------------
LELAC AEROSPACE, LLC 
2711 Centerville Road 
Wilmington, DE 19805 
E-Mail: Info@lelacaero.org
December 28, 2017 
Chartwell Partners LLC 
do Avjet Global 
3030 North Clyboum Avenue 
Burbank, CA 91505 
E-Mail: 
Letter of Intent 
This letter records the understanding we have reached in respect of the purchase of one (1) used 
Boeing Business Jet, Model BBJ aircraft bearing manufacturer's serial number 29200 together with 
two (2) CFM56-7B27 I B3 engines bearing, respectively, manufacturer's serial numbers 874584 and 
875606, in its "as is, where is" condition, by LELAC AEROSPACE, LLC ("Buyer") from Chartwell 
Partners LLC ("Chartwell" or the "Seller"), subject to and conditional upon the conclusion of 
comprehensive agreements acceptable to the parties to be based on the general terms and conditions 
and the principal commercial terms as set forth below: 
1. Buyer: 
LELAC AEROSPACE, LLC, a company organized under the laws of 
Delaware, USA ("Buyer"). 
2. Seller: 
Chartwell Partners LLC, a company organized under the laws of 
California, USA ("Seller"). 
3. Aircraft: 
One (1) used Boeing Business Jet, Model BBJ aircraft bearing 
manufacturer's serial number 29200 together with two (2) CFM56-
7B27 / B3 engines bearing, respectively, manufacturer's serial 
numbers 874584 and 875606, including but not limited to complete 
engines records and all Aircraft records (as per the Record Review 
(defined below)) related thereto in its "as is, where is" condition 
(collectively, the "Aircraft"). 
4. Transaction: 
The purchase and sale of the Aircraft (the "Transaction") shall be 
structured as an all cash sale. 
Title to the Aircraft, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances will be 
transferred when closing conditions are met in respect of the Aircraft, 
and the Purchase Price is received by the Seller ("Delivery"). 
Upon the execution of this letter of intent (this "Letter of Intent") by 
Buyer and Seller, which shall occur no later than the Expiry Date 
(defined below) and receipt by the Escrow Agent of the Deposit (each as 
defined below), Seller shall take the Aircraft off the market and shall not 
solicit or accept any other offers for the sale of the Aircraft until such 
time as this Letter of Intent is terminated as contemplated under Clause 
below or as provided in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below), 
LELAC AEROSPACE/Chartwell Partners, LLC 
Page I of 11 
December 28, 2017 
EFTA00806857
--- PAGE 2 ---
and upon such termination Seller shall be free to remarket the Aircraft 
for sale to others without restriction and free and clear of any obligation 
hereunder or otherwise of Seller to Buyer and free of any rights of 
Buyer . 
5. Purchase Price: 
6. Payment Terms: 
7. Escrow Agent: 
The purchase price in respect of the Aircraft shall be USS19,500,000, 
(Nineteen Million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) 
exclusive of applicable taxes (the "Purchase Price"). 
The Buyer shall pay the balance of the Purchase Price to Seller 
concurrently with the Delivery of the Aircraft by Seller to Buyer. All 
benefit, risk of loss and ownership in and to the Aircraft shall pass to the 
Buyer upon payment of the full Purchase Price and confirmation from 
the Seller that the funds have been received as evidenced by Seller's 
execution of a bill of sale for the Aircraft. 
Insured Aircraft Title Services, Inc. (the "Escrow Agent"). 
8. Deposit and Purchase Following the execution of this Letter of Intent by Buyer and Seller 
Agreement: 
pursuant to Clause 4, and no later than January 9, 2018, the Buyer 
shall transfer by way of refundable deposit the amount of One-Million-
Nine-Hundred-Fifty-Thousand 
United 
States 
Dollars 
(USD 
1,9500,0001 (the "Deposit") to the Escrow Agent (account details 
below), to hold such funds in escrow for the benefit of the Seller and the 
Buyer as provided herein and in the Purchase Agreement. The Deposit 
shall be credited against the Purchase Price at Delivery. The Buyer shall 
instruct the Escrow Agent to advise the Seller in writing upon receipt of 
the Deposit. The Buyer, the Seller and the Escrow Agent shall enter into 
a customary escrow agreement or escrow instruction letter as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the acceptance of this Letter of Intent 
by the Seller and no later than January 9, 2018. 
Seller shall deliver to the Buyer a draft of the Purchase Agreement 
within two (2) business days following confirmation of the Deposit by 
the Escrow Agent. The Purchase Agreement shall be executed by Buyer 
and Seller in a form mutually agreeable to both, no later than January 
16, 2018. 
Notwithstanding any other terms of this Letter of Intent or any other 
agreement between Buyer and Seller, if the Purchase Agreement has not 
been executed by both Buyer and Seller by January 16, 2018, it is 
expressly understood as a material condition of this Letter of Intent, and 
acknowledged by both Buyer and Seller that, at the sole option of Seller, 
and without any remaining obligations or liabilities to either party: (i) 
this Letter of Intent (other than those provisions that survive 
termination), the Transaction and any negotiations therewith shall be 
terminated and be deemed to be of no further force or effect; (ii) the 
Deposit shall be immediately refunded and disbursed in full by the 
Escrow Agent to Buyer; and (iii) Seller may place the Aircraft back on 
the market and solicit or accept other offers for the sale of the Aircraft. 
The Deposit will be held by the Escrow Agent and will become non-
refundable as soon as the Buyer has accepted the Aircraft in accordance 
with the Purchase Agreement and, after such acceptance, will be 
LELAC AEROSPACE/ChartweIl Partners, LLC 
December 28, 2017 
Page 2 of I I 
EFTA00806858
--- PAGE 3 ---
returned to the Buyer only in the event that the Seller fails to Deliver the 
Aircraft to the Buyer in accordance with the terms of the Purchase 
Agreement. In such case, the Deposit will be refunded to the Buyer 
without interest. 
Escrow Account Details: 
Bank: 
Bank of America, N.A. 
OK 1 -100-02-08 
211 N. Robinson 
Oklahoma City, OK 73102-7109, USA 
ABA# 026009593 
SWIFT# BOFAUS3N 
Credit: 
INSURED AIRCRAFT TITLE SERVICE, INC. 
4848 S.W. 36th Street. 
OklahomalOK 73179 
Account 
Attn: ESCROW OFFICER 
Re: MSN 29200 Aircraft Purchase 
9. Acceptance or Rejection 
of Aircraft following the 
Pre-Purchase 
Inspection: 
Buyer has made an initial records review of the Aircraft and accepts 
its current technical conditions as per Clause 3 of this Letter of 
Intent. 
The Buyer shall be entitled, at its cost, to carry out a pre-purchase 
review of the Aircraft's records (the "Record Review") at Seller's 
hangar facilities in Burbank, California (the "Inspection Location"), 
which shall be completed no later than January 12, 2018, at a time 
agreed between the Seller and the Buyer, but in no event prior to 
Seller's receipt of confirmation that the Deposit has been received by 
the Escrow Agent. Seller shall reasonably cooperate with Buyer 
during the inspection, in researching, requesting and obtaining 
missing engine(s) records, if any. 
In addition to the Record Review, Buyer shall be entitled, at his cost, 
to conduct the following pre-purchase inspections at the Inspection 
Location (collectively, together with the Record Review, the "Pre-
Purchase Inspection"), upon completion of the Record Review and 
following the parties entering into the Purchase Agreement (but no 
later than January 17th, 2018): 
A borescope inspection of each engine and the APU of the Aircraft; 
An on wing performance run to be performed; and 
A test flight of the Aircraft to take place at the Inspection Location, 
of up to two (2) hours duration under the control of the Seller with 
up to two (2) of the Buyer's representatives as observers. All 
procedures to be adopted during the functional check flight shall be 
agreed between the Seller and the Buyer prior to the undertaking of 
LELAC AEROSPACE/Chartwell Partners, LLC 
December 28, 2017 
Page 3 of 11 
EFTA00806859
--- PAGE 4 ---
such flight. The Buyer may extend the test flight by such period as 
may reasonably and necessarily be required to verify whether the 
Aircraft conforms to the Delivery Condition. 
The Seller shall locate the Aircraft at the Inspection Location in 
order for the Pre-Purchase Inspection to be undertaken. 
Upon completion of the Pre-Purchase Inspection, as soon as 
available the Buyer shall identify to Seller any discrepancies between 
the Delivery Condition and the actual Aircraft condition found 
during the Pre-Purchase Inspection (the "Discrepancies"). 
Within three (3) business days of identifying the Discrepancies, but 
in no event later than January 23, 2018, the Buyer shall notify the 
Seller in writing of its final or conditional (as described in the 
following paragraph) acceptance or its rejection of the Aircraft. In 
case of rejection of the Aircraft the notice shall include the reason for 
such rejection. 
In case Discrepancies are identified by the Buyer, the Buyer may 
subject its acceptance of the Aircraft to the correction of the same by 
Seller, and Seller shall correct such Discrepancies at its expense as 
soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no later than the 
later of (i) January 31, 2018, or (ii) if on such date Seller is 
correcting Discrepancies, the date on which Seller can 
reasonably correct such remaining Discrepancies (the "Final 
Acceptance Date"). Upon correction of such Discrepancies by the 
Seller, Buyer shall notify the Seller in writing of its final acceptance 
of the Aircraft, no later than the Final Acceptance Date. 
If the Aircraft is rejected by the Buyer either before or after any 
corrective action by Seller, the Deposit shall be returned to the Buyer 
and the parties shall be released from any obligation or liability 
under the Purchase Agreement. 
10. Delivery Location: 
II. 
Delivery Date: 
12. 
Casualty Loss: 
FOB — Medford, Oregon (the "Delivery Location") or any other 
location to be mutually agreed in writing by Buyer and Seller that 
will permit the transaction to be carried out with minimal tax 
exposure. Buyer shall be responsible for the cost and expense of 
transport/ferrying the Aircraft from the inspection location to the 
Delivery Location. 
Seller shall Deliver the Aircraft to Buyer, concurrently with the 
receipt of the full Purchase Price by Seller from Buyer, on or before 
January 31, 2018 (the "Delivery Date"), or such other date 
mutually agreed in writing by Seller and Buyer. 
If the Aircraft suffers a total loss or material damage beyond 
economical repair (to be defined in the Purchase Agreement) prior 
to the Delivery Date (a "Casualty Loss"), both Buyer and Seller 
shall have the right to cancel the Transaction. 
LELAC AEROSPACE/Chariwell Partners, LLC 
Page 4 of I I 
December 28, 2017 
EFTA00806860
--- PAGE 5 ---
13. Proposal Conditions: 
14. Conditions Precedent: 
IS. Taxes: 
The proposal contained in this Letter of Intent shall be subject to the 
following conditions (the "Proposal Conditions"), all to be 
fulfilled by the deadline indicated herein: 
(i) 
Countersignature of this Letter of Intent by Seller and Buyer 
on or before the Expiry Date (defined below); and 
(ii) 
Receipt by the Escrow Agent of the Deposit as per Clause 8. 
The conditions precedent (the "Conditions Precedent") to the 
Delivery of the Aircraft shall be those customary in respect of 
private aircraft sale and purchase transactions. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing they shall include (but not be limited to): 
(i) 
(ii) 
Satisfaction of the Proposal Conditions; 
Signed Purchase Agreement between Seller and Buyer as per 
Clause 8. 
(iii) Approvals on behalf of Seller; 
(iv) Approvals on behalf of Buyer; 
(v) No Casualty Loss having occurred with respect to the Aircraft; 
(vi) All required third party consents having been obtained; and 
(vii) The Aircraft shall not have suffered any material damage 
since the time of the Pre-Purchase Inspection as per Clause 
9. 
All taxes related to the sale and purchase of the Aircraft, including 
sales taxes, other than taxes assessed in the country of Seller on the 
income or gains of the Seller, shall be for the account of the Buyer 
and Buyer shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless from such 
taxes. 
16. Delivery Condition: 
The delivery condition for the purpose of the Purchase Agreement 
(the "Delivery Condition") shall be the following: 
17. Costs & Expenses: 
the Aircraft shall be in an airworthy condition with current 
Certificate of Airworthiness issued by the FAA; and 
the Aircraft shall comply with the specifications in Annex A. 
Except as otherwise set forth herein, Seller and Buyer shall be 
responsible for their own costs and expenses to review, negotiate 
and close this transaction including legal fees, regardless of whether 
or not this transaction is closed. If applicable, Buyer shall also be 
responsible for all costs associated with stamp duties for the 
execution and delivery of the documentation and any translations, 
registrations, International Registry (Cape Town Convention) 
LELAC AEROSPACE/Chartwell Partners, LLC 
Page 5 of 11 
December 28, 2017 
EFTA00806861
--- PAGE 6 ---
registrations, and filings. 
18. Indemnity/ 
Damage Limitation: 
19. Confidentiality: 
20. Governing Law: 
21. Expiry Date: 
22. Intention: 
Upon Delivery of the Aircraft by Seller and payment of the 
Purchase Price by Buyer, Buyer will indemnify and hold harmless 
the Seller from and against any and all costs, expenses, liabilities, 
losses, damages and penalties in any way relating to the ownership, 
leasing, use or operation of the Aircraft or any breach by Buyer of 
its obligations under the Purchase Agreement. The exact detailed 
conditions and exclusions will be defined in such Purchase 
Agreement. 
Under no circumstances will Seller be liable for any consequential, 
exemplary or punitive damages or damages related to loss of revenue 
or any delay whatsoever. 
The terms and conditions set out in this Letter of Intent are 
available only to Seller and Buyer. By receipt of this Letter of 
Intent, Seller and Buyer acknowledge that this Letter of Intent 
contains commercially sensitive information. 
Seller and Buyer agree to maintain this information and 
documentation provided hereunder strictly confidential and agree to 
disclose it to no person other than (a) their respective Board of 
Directors; and trustees, employees, auditors, professional advisors, 
and shareholders; and (b) as may be required to be disclosed under 
applicable law or regulations or for the purpose of legal 
proceedings. 
The parties acknowledge the obligations under this 
Clause shall survive termination of this Letter of Intent. 
This Letter of Intent and the Purchase Agreement shall be governed 
by the laws of New York. Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising 
out of, or in relation to, the Purchase Agreement, including the 
validity, invalidity, breach, or termination thereof, shall be resolved 
by arbitration in New York on terms to be agreed in the Sales 
Agreement. 
The terms proposed in this Letter of Intent shall be valid if executed 
by both parties on or before 2359 hours on January 2, 2018 (the 
"Expiry Date") or another date mutually agreed between Seller and 
Buyer. 
It is the intent of Seller and Buyer that the terms of this Letter of 
Intent is not exclusive and the Purchase Agreement shall contain 
such additional provisions as are customary in private aircraft 
purchase transactions. 
LELAC AEROSPACE/ChartweIl Partners, LLC 
Page 6 of I I 
December 28, 2017 
EFTA00806862
--- PAGE 7 ---
23. Binding Provisions: 
24. Assignment: 
25. Breach: 
26. Counterparts: 
This Letter of Intent is an expression of the parties' mutual intentions 
to enter into negotiations toward definitive agreements but does not 
represent a binding commitment for either party hereto other than 
with respect to the terms and provisions related to the Deposit, 
Confidentiality and Governing Law which the parties have 
negotiated and are legally binding upon the parties. 
Except as set forth herein neither party may assign any of its rights or 
delegate any of its obligations hereunder or under the executed 
Purchase Agreement without the prior written consent of the other 
PartY. 
If any party breaches the terms and conditions of Letter of Intent 
with respect to the Deposit or Confidentiality, and fails to remedy 
such breach within seven (7) calendar days of the date of receipt of 
written notice requiring it to do so, then the aggrieved party shall be 
entitled, in addition to any other remedy available to it at law, to 
cancel this Letter of Intent or to claim specific performance in either 
event without prejudice to the aggrieved party's rights, to claim 
damages. 
This Letter of Intent may be fully executed in any number of 
counterparts by each of the parties hereto, all such counterparts 
together constituting but one and the same instrument. 
This Letter of Intent supersedes all previous proposals, agreements and other written and oral 
communications in relation to the transaction contemplated herein. The parties each acknowledge 
that there have been no representations, warranties, promises, guarantees or agreements, express or 
implied, except as set forth herein. 
•s+ 
LELAC AEROSPACE/ChartweIl Partners, LLC 
Page 7 of I I 
December 28, 2017 
EFTA00806863
--- PAGE 8 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this document to be executed in their 
respective corporate names by their duly authorized representatives. 
LELAC AEROSPACE, LLC 
By: 
DECEMBER 2017 at 1900 Hours EST. 
Name: Frank Rivera 
Title: Director 
Agreed and accepted this 
day of 
Chartwell Partners, LLC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
LELAC AEROSPACE/Chartwell Partners, LLC 
Page 8 of I I 
December 28, 2017 
EFTA00806864
--- PAGE 9 ---
Annex A 
Aircraft Specifications as of December 1.2017 
AIRFRAME 
Manufacturers S/N: 
Total Time: 
Landings: 
29200 
1,531.5 hours 
723 
PROGRAMS AND MAINTENANCE 
12-Year C4 Inspection (including Landing Gear Overhaul I Exchange) 
Completed March 2013 by AAC, Dallas. 
CI Inspection completed February 2016 by AAC, Dallas. 
Next Inspection Due is C2 February 2019. 
Aircraft is presently on a 3-year inspection interval with planned 
migration to the latest Boeing Dec. 2016 MPD 4-year interval. 
Flightdocs Maintenance Tracking Program 
The significant avionics components are actively covered under the 
Honeywell HAPP and Rockwell Collins CASP protection plans through 
March 2018. 
APU 
Honeywell 131-9(B) S/N P-5279 
Total Time: 2,357.4 hours 
Cycles Since New: 1,162 
ENGINES 
CFM56-7B27B3 
Manufacturers S/N: 
Time Since New: 
Cycles Since New: 
Engine #1 
874584 
1,531.5 hours 
723 
Engine #2 
875606 
1,531.5 hours 
723 
AVIONICS 
Single Cue Flight Director Display (dual cue available by Boeing Master 
Change SB) 
Heads Up Display — Rockwell Collins HGS-2350 (single) 
Dual Honeywell Air Data/IRU's — Mag Variation Tables Updated Feb 2016 
Dual Smith's FMS (now GE) w/Altemate Navigation System for Standby 
Instrument — Large NDB Memory Capability 
Triple VHF Coms — 8.33 KHz Spacing & VDL Mode 2 Compliant w/SELCAL 
ACARS — CMU-900 — Data Link/CPDLC, FANS-LA (CVR is approved non-recording 
due to date of install) 
Dual HF w/SELCAL 
Dual VOR/Marker Beacon Receivers 
Dual Multi-Mode Receivers with ILS/GPS 
Global Landing System — GNSS/GBAS 
Dual DME 
Dual Radio Altimeters 
LELAC AEROSPACE/ChartweIl Partners, LLC 
Page 9 of I I 
December 28, 2017 
EFTA00806865
--- PAGE 10 ---
Dual ADF 
Multi-Scan Wx Radar System V2 
TCAS 7.1 
Dual Transponders — DO-260B & ADS-B Out 2020 Compliant 
EGPWS w/Predictive Wind Shear — Honeywell MK V — SB 737A2292 
Complied with 
Honeywell Flight Control Computers & Mode Control Panel 
Auto Throttle System 
Auto Land (Fail Passive Yaw Damp Sys) 
Auto Brakes wIRTO (Rejected Take Off) Function 
Dual navAero Class II EFB Systems w/"Ownship" and XM Wx Display 
("Provisional Carry On System") 
eADL — Teledyne Enhanced Airborne Data Loader with USB Interface 
and Internal Mass SW Storage Capability 
SATCOM - Iridium, Dual Channel — True North Simphone Chorus System 
— Provides Voice Only and Wi-Fi to both SATCOM Systems 
Flight Data & Cockpit Voice Recorders are Original Equipment as 
Delivered From Boeing. 
OPTIONS 
Cascade #4 & 5 Cockpit Eyebrow Window Deletion STC Accomplished 
Lower Cargo Compartment Upgraded to Dual Loop Fire Detection 
Eligible For FAR 135 Certification — No Restriction On Completion STC 
Wi-fi/Bluetooth XM Wx & GPS Position For iPad/iPhone PED's 
SATCOM - Inmarsat — Honeywell MCS 7147 W/Swift Broadband Internet 
Capability, Voice And Data 
Long Range Passenger Oxygen System 
Automatic APU Fire Extinguisher Discharge Master Change — On Ground 
Only 
ENTERTAINMENT 
42" LCD HD Monitors in Lounge and Bedroom 
Live TV — Tailwind 550 DIRECTV System w/Fuselage Mounted Antenna. 
USA Domestic and European Decoders 
Airshow 4000 Cabin Information System wN2 Software 
Look Ahead Aerial View Camera Mounted in Cockpit and Vertical 
Stabilizer for Viewing on Cabin / Bedroom Monitors 
Crew Rest Area Monitor with DVD & DIRECTV (slaved to Lounge TV 
selection) 
FAX/Print/Scan capability — Print from PED's or Laptop via 
Wi-Fi/Network Connection 
Audio International IFE & CMS System 
WEIGHT & CAPACITY 
Maximum Take Off Weight: 171,000 LBS 
Maximum Landing Weight: 134,000 LBS 
Operating Empty Weight: 99,894.3 LBS 
LELAC AEROSPACE/Chartwell Partners, LLC 
Page 10 of 11 
December 28, 2017 
EFTA00806866
--- PAGE 11 ---
Maximum Zero Fuel Weight: 105,000 LBS — reduced for FAA Part 91 
Operations 
Maximum Fuel Capacity: 70,659 LBS w/8 Aux Fuel Tanks (3 Fwd, 5 Aft) 
INTERIOR 
The 14-passenger interior has 8 single chairs and 2 divans. 
The single chairs are new BE Aerospace manually controlled with 
new leather upholstery (May 2016). 
Bedroom with Executive Lay and Shower— 120-Gallon Potable Water 
Capacity with Built-in Fill System Filters. 
Vacuum Lay Waste system with Galley drain option to prevent on 
ground dumping of food debris on the ramp. 
Dual Zone Cabin Temperature System (Raytheon) w/individual full 
range temp controls for Lounge/ Bedroom 
2nd Observer Seat installed in Cockpit 
Electric Window Shades (A&C) — Lounge & Bedroom. Single point 
all up or down from Hot Batt Sw on Flt Att Panel. (Will operate with 
aircraft totally powered down) 
LED Interior Emergency Lighting System — Recently Upgraded 
LED Cabin Lighting System — Recently Upgraded 
Potable Water Sterilizer System — International Water 
Guard Industries 
EXTERIOR 
Original, March 2001. 
LELAC AEROSPACE/Chartwell Partners, LLC 
Page 11 of 11 
December 28, 2017 
EFTA00806867

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806868.pdf
----------------------------------------
IQ CIVIL TRIAL & APPELLATE LAW 
LINK& 
ROCKEN BACH, PA 
Wire Transfer Instructions 
Wire Transfer to: 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
Routing No. / ABA No.: 
121000248 
Address: 
420 Montgomery 
San Francisco, CA 94104 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes, Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 3340I 
TEL: (561) 847-44081 FAX: (561) 855-2891 
Beneficiary Account No.: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Address: 
1555 Palm Beach lakes, Blvd. 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Additional Information: 
Operating Account 
EFTA00806868

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806869.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 82-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/16/2011 Page 1 of 1 
U.S. Department of Justice 
Office of Professional Responsibility 
950 Pennsylvania Avenue N.W., Room 3266 
Washington, D.C. 20530 
MAY -6 2011 
Professor Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
The University of Utah 
332 South 1400 East, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, Utah 84112-0730 
Dear Professor Cassell: 
Your letter dated December 10, 2010 to United States Attorney 
was 
forwarded to the Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR). OPR has completed an inquiry into 
your allegation of professional misconduct by the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern 
District of Florida (USAO) in the criminal investigation of Jeffrey Epstein. Specifically, you 
question whether "improper influences" resulted in the USAO's decision to enter into a non-
prosecution agreement with Mr. Epstein. 
Most, if not all, of the allegations set forth in your letter are currently being litigated on 
behalf of victims under the Crime Victim's Rights Act in Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 v. United 
States, Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson (S.D. Fla.). OPR has jurisdiction to investigate 
allegations of misconduct involving Department of Justice (DOJ) attorneys or law enforcement 
personnel that relate to the exercise of an attorney's authority to investigate, litigate or provide legal 
advice. It is, however, the policy of this Office to refrain from investigating issues or allegations 
that were, are being, or could have been addressed in the course of litigation, unless a court has 
made a specific finding of misconduct by a DOJ attorney or law enforcement personnel or there are 
present other extraordinary circumstances. Based on our review of your correspondence, and the 
pleadings filed in the Doe case, we have determined that your allegations fall into this category. No 
court has made a finding of misconduct and there are no extraordinary circumstances. 
We regret that we can be of no further assistance to you. Thank you for bringing this matter 
to our attention. 
Sincerely, 
Counsel 
EFTA00806869

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806870.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
May 28, 2018 
Chair Meenakshi Srinivasan 
NYC Landmarks Preservation Commission 
David N. Dinkins Municipal Building 
Center Street, Ninth Floor North 
New York, NY 10007 
Dear Chair Srinivasan, 
Only this past weekend was I informed of the details of plans submitted to the Commission 
for approval of a brutish and apparently unjustified expansion of The Frick Collection, and that a 
hearing before the Commission on those plans is to take place on May 29, 2018. Although my 
home [of 18 years], located at 9 East 71st Street, is literally across the street from the 71st Street 
entrance of the Frick Art Reference Library, The Frick's management has made no attempt to 
provide me with any meaningful detail regarding its expansion plans or consult with me on how 
those plans might adversely impact the architectural integrity, nature or character of this 
neighborhood. From what little meaningful objective information I was able to pull from the 
public relations campaign mounted on the Frick's website, as well as accounts from neighbors and 
other interested parties, it appears that the Frick's expansion in the manner presented in its plans 
will do violence to the history of The Frick Collection and the intent of its original founder, 
substantially disrupt its architectural integrity, and destroy the elegant quietude of this "jewel" in 
midtown Manhattan enjoyed by visitors for 83 years. 
The Frick Collection represents one New York's few remaining mansions from the Gilded 
Age and provides a unique opportunity to experience masterpieces by artists such as Bellini, 
Rembrandt, Vermeer, Gainsborough, Goya, and Whistler in an intimate environment of tranquil 
beauty as intended by its founder, Henry Frick. No matter how The Frick's management might 
attempt to spin it, the gross commercial expansion of The Frick Collection ignores its historical 
intent and significance, and threatens to destroy that which makes the experience so special and 
unique for its visitors. Moreover, traffic flow in this neighborhood is already strained to its limits 
by the existing volume of visitors to The Frick. Any further expansion of the Frick must take into 
account the impact of additional traffic on a neighborhood that has already exceeded its capacity, 
and the harm that does to the experience of those visiting The Frick Collection. 
Unfortunately, I have been provided with little information or details of the planned 
expansion, or the reasons for it, in order to provide further necessary context for the Commission's 
review and approval process. I would note, however, that the conduct of a hurried campaign, 
seemingly designed to keep neighbors in the dark as to its critical elements, and the rush for 
approval without soliciting input from those neighbors, who are most directly affected by it and 
who would likely have invaluable information and perspectives to bear on it, should itself caution 
the Commission against it. Moreover, if there is truly a need for expansion to meet legitimate 
EFTA00806870
--- PAGE 2 ---
objectives consistent with the historic mission an intent of The Frick Collection, there is an 
adjacent building for sale at I I East 701 Street that could be acquired and utilized without altering 
the exterior of the existing structures. Any plan that fails to consider utilization of this additional 
space in lieu of dramatically changing the elevations of an historical landmark must be closely and 
carefully examined. 
I would ask the Commission to delay any decision on The Frick Collection's plans until I 
and other directly interested persons have been provided with sufficiently detailed information 
regarding The Frick Collection's expansion, so that we can better evaluate what appear to be a 
number of alarming components of it. While our review is underway, I would also urge the 
Commission to closely scrutinize the expansion plans to determine whether and to what extent 
such expansion is justified at all, and if it is, whether the proposed plans best meet the purported 
needs for expansion in a way that does not unnecessarily and irretrievably damage one of New 
York's most important historical landmarks. Until then, I vehemently oppose the planned 
expansion of The Frick Collection and respectfully request that the Commission reject the 
submitted plans. 
Sincerely, 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00806871

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806872.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S RESPONSES AND OBJECTIONS TO 
NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEO DEPOSITION DUCES TECUM 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil 
Procedure 1.350(b), responds and objects to the Duces Tecum contained in Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") June 20, 2018, Notice of Taking Video Deposition Duces 
Tecum, and states: 
THE LIMITED SCOPE OF EPSTEIN'S DEPOSITION 
On May 23, 2018, the Court held a hearing on Edwards' Motion to Permit him to Take 
the Limited Deposition of Epstein. (Exhibit A - Transcript). While the Court has not yet 
entered an Order, it granted Edwards' request to take Epstein's deposition on the following 
limited topics: 
• Whether and to what extent Epstein reviewed any of the alleged 
privileged materials prior to March 2018. (Exhibit A, 19:7-12.) 
• Whether and to what extent Epstein reviewed any of the alleged 
privileged materials after March 2018. (Exhibit A, 19:7-12.) 
EFTA00806872
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Whether Epstein has any knowledge regarding compliance with 
the Court's verbal rulings on the record at the March 8, 2018, 
hearing regarding destruction of those documents Edwards has 
claimed are privileged. (Exhibit A, 19:13-18.) 
• Whether and to what extent Epstein has shared any of the 
alleged privileged materials with anyone other than his 
attorneys. (Exhibit A, 19:19-22.) 
• Which, if any, of the alleged privileged materials Epstein plans 
to use to testify at trial. (Exhibit A, 19:22-20:2.) 
While the Court has allowed Epstein's limited deposition, document discovery was not 
addressed by the parties or the Court at the hearing and, in fact, discovery is closed. 
EDWARDS' DUCES TECUM 
Edwards' Duces Tecum requests Epstein to produce: 
All communications and all records relating to all communications 
concerning or containing information derived from documents or 
data over which a claim of privilege was asserted by or on behalf 
of Bradley J. Edwards. 
* "Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical 
copies of writings, drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-
records, recordings, and/or any other data compilations from which 
information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party 
to whom the request is directed through detection devices into 
reasonably usable form. "Documents" also include all electronic 
data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) 
systems—e.g., hardware, software and data, including but not 
limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, 
PCs, laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or 
transmission features), programs, data maps and security tools and 
protocols. 
Edwards seeks (1) documents that are protected by the attorney-client privilege; (2) 
documents that have been sealed; and (3) access to Epstein's computers and electronic devices. 
EFTA00806873
--- PAGE 3 ---
EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE AND OBJECTION 
A. 
General Response. 
Epstein's current trial counsel, Link & Rockenbach, PA, received the disc which is the 
subject of Epstein's deposition from Epstein's former counsel, Fowler White, in February 2018. 
Epstein never received the disc nor did he know of the disc's existence before that time. 
At the March 8, 2018 hearing, this Court directed the parties to seal the disc and ensure 
no further dissemination of the documents Edwards claimed were privileged. 
Link & 
Rockenbach, PA, took immediate steps to comply with this Court's March 8, 2018, directives as 
set forth in Epstein's Notices of Compliance. The disc has been sealed and Edwards' privilege 
claims are currently the subject of Epstein's request that the Court conduct an in camera review 
to make a determination as to whether the documents are privileged as claimed by Edwards. 
In any event, Epstein objects to the Duces Tecum because discovery is closed and 
Edwards did not obtain permission to reopen discovery for any purpose other than to take 
Epstein's limited deposition. Epstein also objects because the Duces Tecum seeks documents 
and information protected by the attorney-client privilege and work product doctrine and are not 
relevant to the limited issues of the deposition. 
B. 
The Duces Tecum Seek Privileged. Protected and Sealed Documents 
Notwithstanding that document discovery has not been reopened, even if the Court 
allowed the discovery the scope of permissible discovery in civil cases is set by Florida Rule of 
Civil Procedure 1.280(b): 
Unless otherwise limited by order of the court in accordance with 
these rules, the scope of discovery is as follows: . . . Parties may 
obtain discovery regarding any matter, not privileged that is 
relevant to the subject matter of the pending action[.] 
Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.280(b)(1) (emphasis added). 
EFTA00806874
--- PAGE 4 ---
The sweepingly broad nature of the request-all communication and all records 
relating to all communications—inappropriately requires disclosure of documents protected by 
the attorney-client privilege and/or work product doctrine, as well as documents which have been 
(and remain) sealed by Order of this Court or destroyed at the Court's direction. 
Under Florida law, "[a] client has a privilege to refuse to disclose, and to prevent any 
other person from disclosing, the contents of confidential communications when such other 
person learned of the communications because they were made in the rendition of legal services 
to the client." § 90.502(2), Fla. Stat. "The purpose of the attorney-client privilege is to 
encourage clients to make full disclosure to their attorneys," and "protects . . . those disclosures 
necessary to obtain informed legal advice." Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 403 (1976). 
The work-product privilege is set forth in Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.280, which 
states work product is discoverable only upon a showing of undue hardship and need, although 
mental impressions or legal opinions are always protected: 
(4) Trial Preparation: Materials. Subject to the provisions of 
subdivision (b)(5) of this rule, a party may obtain discovery of 
documents and tangible things otherwise discoverable under 
subdivision (b)(1) of this rule and prepared in anticipation of 
litigation or for trial by or for another party or by or for that 
party's representative, including that party's attorney, consultant, 
surety, indemnitor, insurer, or agent, only upon a showing that the 
party seeking discovery has need of the materials in the 
preparation of the case and is unable without undue hardship to 
obtain the substantial equivalent of the materials by other means. 
In ordering discovery of the materials when the required showing 
has been made, the court shall protect against disclosure of the 
mental impressions, conclusions, opinions, or legal theories of an 
attorney or other representative of a party concerning the litigation. 
Butler v. Harter, 152 So. 3d 705, 711 (Fla. 1st DCA 2014) (citing Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.280(b)(4) 
(bold/underline emphasis added). 
EFTA00806875
--- PAGE 5 ---
Here, the information requested by Edwards, on its face, is protected by both the 
attorney-client privilege and work product doctrine. While not all communications between 
lawyer and client are deemed privileged, a request for "all communications," as Edwards makes 
here, necessarily includes information that is confidential and attorney-client privileged. And, as 
required to assert the work product protection, at least one reason for obtaining or preparing any 
such materials and data was in anticipation of this litigation or for trial. See Marshal's of MA, 
Inc. v. Minsal, 932 So. 2d 444, 448 (Fla. 3d DCA 2006) ("As there is substantial competent 
record evidence that the incident reports in question were prepared in anticipation of foreseeable 
litigation, which is uncontroverted by any competent evidence, we conclude that the trial court's 
finding that the reports were not protected by work product, is unsupported by the record and 
departs from the essential requirements of the law in this jurisdiction. The fact that there was 
evidence that the reports may also have been prepared in order for [the defendant] to identify 
areas of concern does not alter this finding, as it does not eliminate the work product privilege.") 
(emphasis added; citation omitted); Federal Express Corp. v. Cantway, 778 So. 2d 1052, 1053 
(Fla. 4th DCA 2001) (indicating that documents keep their work product protection even if they 
were prepared for an additional reason not in anticipation of litigation as long as the anticipation 
of litigation was one of the reasons for preparing the documents). 
C. 
Edwards' Request for Electronic Data is an Invasion of Epstein's Privacy and Seeks 
Irrelevant, Confidential and Privileged Information 
Finally, Epstein objects to Edwards' request as to "all electronic data as well as 
application metadata and system metadata. All inventories and rosters of your information 
technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and data, including but not limited to network 
drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage 
and/or transmission features), programs, data maps and security tools and protocols." Such a 
EFTA00806876
--- PAGE 6 ---
request is an invasion of Epstein's privacy, seeks irrelevant and confidential information, is 
overly broad, could result in the inadvertent disclosure of attorney-client privilege information 
and attorney work product, and is far outside the scope of the Court's oral ruling. 
Edwards seeks unprecedented access into Epstein's computer systems and electronic 
devices which in no way supports his claim for damages. As the First District has explained: 
Generally speaking, Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.280 allows 
for the discovery of matters that are relevant and admissible, or 
reasonably calculated to lead to admissible evidence, including 
electronically stored information. See Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.280(b)(1), 
(b)(3), 1.350 (2013); see also Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.280(d) (addressing 
limitations on the discovery of electronically stored information). 
But where personal information is involved as in this case, the 
trial courts' discretion to permit discovery "must be balanced 
against the individual's competing privacy interests to prevent 
an undue invasion of privacy." McEnany v. Ryan, 44 So. 3d 245, 
247 (Fla. 4th DCA 2010). Courts have reversed rulings for not 
adequately accounting for privacy interests in the inspection of 
electronic storage devices. See, e.g., Holland [v. Barfield], 35 So. 
3d [953,] 955 [Fla. 5th DCA 2010] (reversing an order allowing the 
inspection of a computer hard drive and cellphone SIM card); 
Menke v. Broward Cnty. Sch. Bd., 916 So. 2d 8, 12 (Fla. 4th DCA 
2005) (reversing an order allowing the inspection of all computers 
in a household). 
. . . privacy rights do not completely foreclose the prospect of 
discovery of data stored on electronic devices. Rather, limited and 
strictly controlled inspections of information stored on electronic 
devices may be permitted. See Menke, 916 So. 2d at 11 ("JRule 
1.350 isl broad enough to encompass requests to examine 
Jelectronic information storage devices] but only in limited and 
strictly controlled circumstances")• cf. Friedman v. Heart Inst. of 
Port St. Lucie, Inc., 863 So. 2d 189, 194 (Fla. 2003) (finding that 
privacy rights limit compelled disclosure to that which is necessary 
to determine contested issues). 
Both Holland and Menke, for 
instance, would have allowed for inspections of the devices 
involved (computers and cellphones) if: (I) there was evidence of 
destruction of evidence or thwarting of discovery; (2) the device 
likely contained the requested information; and (3) no less intrusive 
means existed to obtain the requested information. Holland 35 So. 
3d at 955; Menke, 916 So. 2d at 12. 
EFTA00806877
--- PAGE 7 ---
Antico v. Sindt Trucking, Inc., 148 So. 3d 163, 166 (Fla. 1st DCA 2014) (emphasis added). 
Here, access to Epstein's computer systems and electronic devices should not be allowed 
absent any evidence whatsoever that Epstein destroyed any materials (other than as directed by 
this Court) or thwarted discovery, and because his devices are unlikely to contain the requested 
information. Far less intrusive means of discovery — Epstein's limited deposition, as the Court 
permitted -- should be the only discovery allowed. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on July 
, 2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach. Florida 33401 
fax]
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00806878
--- PAGE 8 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintfff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
IN= 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintfff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00806879

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806880.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S OBJECTION TO 
DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' REOUEST FOR 
JUDICIAL NOTICE PURSUANT TO FLORIDA STATUTES 
SECTIONS 90.202 AND 90.203 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), objects to Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") Request for Judicial Notice Pursuant to Florida Statutes 
Section 90.202 and 90.203, and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
This Court must deny Edwards' request for judicial notice of Epstein's New York State Sex 
Offender registration information pursuant to the Florida Evidence Code. Although Edwards asks 
this Court to exercise its discretion to take judicial notice of the New York registration, it does not 
squarely fall under matters which this Court may take judicial notice. Moreover, sections 90.401 
and 90.403, Florida Statutes (2017), preclude the registration from admissibility because it is 
wholly irrelevant to any claim to be tried in this matter and is presented solely to unfairly prejudice 
or inflame the jury against Epstein. Likewise, the registration information is akin to evidence that 
EFTA00806880
--- PAGE 2 ---
is precluded by sections 90.404, 90.405, 90.609, and 90.610, Florida Statutes (2017). Therefore, 
this Court must deny the transparent request to prejudice the jury. 
RECORD FACTS NOT IN DISPUTE 
The only issues for trial are framed by the pleadings in this lawsuit: (1) Epstein's 
Complaint and damages against Defendant Scott Rothstein and (2) Edwards' Counterclaim for 
malicious prosecution against Epstein. There is no issue in any Complaint or Counterclaim as to 
Epstein's status as registered in the State of New York. The Court will not find this issue located 
in Epstein's Complaint, nor in Edwards' Counterclaim for malicious prosecution, nor either party's 
affirmative defenses pled or proposed. 
MEMORANDUM 
Sections 90.202 and 90.203. Florida Statutes 
Edwards claims that the New York State Sex Offender registration information is a matter 
that this Court may take judicial notice pursuant to the procedure set out in section 90.203, Florida 
Statutes. However, the substantive part of the Florida Evidence Code that provides this Court 
"may" take judicial notice does not include out-of-state sex offender registration information. 
Rather, items that are typical for judicial notice pertain to acts of Congress, constitutional or 
statutory law, the Federal Register, laws of foreign nations, official acts of one of the three 
branches of government, court records, rules of court, county charters, the Florida Administrative 
Code, ordinances, or facts not subject to dispute because generally known within the court's 
territorial jurisdiction, or official seals of governmental agencies or United States departments. 
There is no listing for out-of-state sex offender registration information. 
EFTA00806881
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sections 90.401 and 90.403. Florida Statutes 
Additionally, the New York State Sex Offender registration information is neither relevant 
nor probative to any issue raised by Epstein, nor any element of proof that must be met by Edwards 
in his malicious prosecution Counterclaim. Instead, this request is merely a transparent attempt to 
prejudice the jury before it has a legitimate opportunity to determine if Epstein had probable cause 
to file his action against Edwards. Whether or not Epstein is a registered sex offender has zero 
relation to any of the damages sought by Epstein against Defendant Rothstein. Likewise, and 
significant to Edwards' Counterclaim, whether Epstein is a registered sex offender does not prove 
any element of the malicious prosecution claim that Edwards has raised. See, e.g., Alamo Rent-A-
Car Inc. v. Mancusi, 632 So. 2d 1352 (Fla. 1994). 
Contrary to Edwards' recent characterizations of the lawsuit filed by Epstein against 
Edwards (on which the malicious prosecution claim is based), Epstein did not allege that Edwards 
brought false tort claims. Rather, in December 2009, Epstein alleged that Scott Rothstein's 
partner, Bradley J. Edwards, exploited the civil tort lawsuits against Epstein for the purposes of 
luring investors into the Ponzi scheme that was being carried out under the auspices of Rothstein 
Rosenfeldt and Adler by attempting to conduct unnecessary and irrelevant discovery, by filing 
duplicative actions, and by other similar actions outlined more fully in Epstein's Complaint against 
Edwards. 
One clear example of Edwards' litigation tactics that led Epstein to perceive a connection 
between Edwards and Rothstein's Ponzi scheme was Edwards' motion alleging that Epstein was 
fraudulently transferring assets and seeking a Court order requiring Epstein to post a $15 million 
bond to secure a potential future judgment on the tort claims. In the motion, Edwards extensively 
publicly pled facts pertaining to Epstein's wealth, claiming his "billionaire" status — which were 
EFTA00806882
--- PAGE 4 ---
reasonably perceived by Epstein, once the truth finally came out about the Rothstein Ponzi scheme, 
to be designed to entice existing investors or lure more investors to Rothstein's Ponzi scheme by 
citing Epstein's wealth. The only "evidence" Edwards could supply the court, however, showed 
that Epstein merely transferred title to a few automobiles. There was nothing fraudulent in those 
transfers and the value of the automobiles was minor relative to Epstein's overall wealth. United 
States District Judge Kenneth A. Marra determined that Edwards' motion seeking the $15 million 
bond was "entirely devoid of evidence of [Epstein's] alleged fraudulent transfers." (See Order, 
D.E. 400, Case No. 08-CIV-80119, Exhibit A.) 
Furthermore, even if this Court considers that the evidence might be relevant in some 
remote way to the claims for trial, the registration information should still be excluded under 
section 90.403 which provides, "[r]elevant evidence is inadmissible if its probative value is 
substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice, confusion of issues, misleading the 
jury, or needless presentation of cumulative evidence." Florida courts have excluded evidence of 
prior convictions in analogous situations, finding that any probative value is substantially 
outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice. Horton v. State, 943 So. 2d 1016, 1017-18 (Fla. 2d 
DCA 2006). Likewise, here, any remotely probative value is far outweighed by the prejudicial 
nature of the evidence, as well as the likelihood that it would confuse the true issues in this lawsuit 
and mislead the jury as to the subject of the claims that are being tried. 
Sections 90.404 and 90.405, Florida Statutes 
Additionally, the registration information is inadmissible under sections 90.404 and 
90.405, Florida Statutes, because its only purpose is to disparage Epstein's character. Florida law 
is clear that "[e]vidence of a person's character or a trait of character is inadmissible to prove action 
in conformity with it on a particular occasion" except under certain limited circumstances not 
EFTA00806883
--- PAGE 5 ---
present here. § 90.404(1), Fla. Stat. (2017); see also § 90.405(2), Fla. Stat. (2017) ("When 
character or a trait of character of a person is an essential element of a charge, claim, or defense, 
proof may be made of specific instances of that person's conduct.") (emphasis added). 
Edwards' Request for Judicial Notice is nothing more than a backdoor attempt to inject 
irrelevant and prejudicial character evidence into the trial, contrary to well-settled Florida law. 
See, e.g., Pandula v. Fonseca, 199 So. 358, 360 (Fla. 1940) ("neither [a witness's] general character 
nor particular phases of character can be gone into"'). 
Sections 90.609 and 90.610. Florida Statutes 
Finally, the registration information is inadmissible under sections 90.609 and 90.610, 
Florida Statutes, because it is irrelevant to Epstein's truthfulness and goes far beyond the bare fact 
he entered a plea agreement. See § 90.609, Fla. Stat. (2017) (character evidence used to impeach 
a witness "may refer only to character relating to truthfulness"). 
While section 90.610 permits a party to impeach a witness by evidence if the witness was 
convicted of a felony or a crime involving dishonesty, Epstein's registration information falls 
outside this narrow category of impeachment evidence by addressing the nature of his crime (a 
sexual offense). Impeachment under section 90.610 is strictly limited to the fact the witness was 
convicted of a felony or crime involving dishonesty, and the number of convictions. Further 
details, including the nature of the crime, are off limits. See Rogers v. State, 964 So. 2d 221, 222-
(Fla. 4th DCA 2007) ("[I]mpeachment by prior convictions is 'restricted to determining if the 
witness has previously been convicted of a crime, and if so, how many times."); Botte v. Pomeroy, 
497 So. 2d 1275, 1280 (Fla. 4th DCA 1986) ("[Q]uestioning is limited to whether the witness has 
ever been convicted of a felony or a crime involving dishonesty. ... The witness may be required 
to give the number of convictions, but if he answers truthfully, no further questions may be asked. 
EFTA00806884
--- PAGE 6 ---
In particular, the nature of the crimes may not be elicited.") (emphasis added); Reeser v. Boats 
Unlimited, Inc., 432 So. 2d 1346, 1349 (Fla. 4th DCA 1983) ("Neither statute permits the 
elicitation of the nature of the crime, because any additional light on his credibility would not 
compensate for the possible prejudicial effect on the minds of the jurors.") (emphasis added). 
CONCLUSION 
As supported by the pleadings and record in this lawsuit, whether or not Epstein is a 
registered sex offender in the State of New York is not probative of any material issue for this trial. 
Rather, this consistent attempt by Edwards to re-litigate his closed civil tort actions and interject 
mini-trials in this matter must be rejected. The purpose is inconsistent with the Florida Evidence 
Code, specifically sections 90.401, 90.403, 90.404, 90.405, 90.609, and 90.610, Florida Statutes, 
by attempting to take advantage of the jury's negative reaction to such information. 
WHEREFORE, Epstein respectfully requests that this Court deny Edwards' Request for 
Judicial Notice. 
EFTA00806885
--- PAGE 7 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on November 17, 2017, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Angela M. Many (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiffitounter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant1Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00806886
--- PAGE 8 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301-3268 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley I Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, W. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff (/Counter-Defendant 
Je 
E stein 
EFTA00806887

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806888.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S OBJECTION TO 
DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' REOUEST FOR 
JUDICIAL NOTICE PURSUANT TO FLORIDA STATUTES 
SECTIONS 90.202 AND 90.203 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), objects to Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") Request for Judicial Notice Pursuant to Florida Statutes 
Section 90.202 and 90.203, and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
This Court must deny Edwards' request for judicial notice of Epstein's New York State Sex 
Offender registration information pursuant to sections 90.202 and 90.203, Florida Statutes (2017). 
Pursuant to sections 90.401 and 90.403, Florida Statutes (2017), the registration information must 
be precluded from judicial notice and admissible evidence because it is wholly irrelevant to any 
claim to be tried in this matter and is presented solely to unfairly prejudice or inflame the jury 
against Epstein. Likewise, the registration information is akin to evidence that is precluded by 
sections 90.404, 90.405, 90.609, and 90.610, Florida Statutes (2017). Therefore, this Court must 
deny the request pursuant to the Florida Evidence Code. 
EFTA00806888
--- PAGE 2 ---
RECORD FACTS NOT IN DISPUTE 
The only issues for trial are framed by the pleadings in this lawsuit: (1) Epstein's 
Complaint and damages against Defendant Scott Rothstein and (2) Edwards' Counterclaim for 
malicious prosecution against Epstein. There is no issue in any Complaint or Counterclaim as to 
Epstein's status as registered in the State of New York. The Court will not find this issue located 
in Epstein's Complaint, nor in Edwards' Counterclaim for malicious prosecution, nor either party's 
affirmative defenses pled or proposed. 
MEMORANDUM 
Sections 90.401 and 90.403, Florida Statutes 
Simply, the New York State Sex Offender registration information is neither relevant nor 
probative to any issue raised by Epstein, nor any element of proof that must be met by Edwards in 
his malicious prosecution Counterclaim. This request is merely a transparent attempt to prejudice 
the jury before it has a legitimate opportunity to determine if Epstein had probable cause to file his 
action against Edwards. Whether or not Epstein is a registered sex offender has zero relation to 
any of the damages sought by Epstein against Defendant Rothstein. Likewise, and significant to 
Edwards' Counterclaim, whether Epstein is a registered sex offender does not prove any element 
of the malicious prosecution claim that Edwards has raised. See e.g. Alamo Rent-A-Car Inc. v. 
Mancusi, 632 So. 2d 1352 (Fla. 1994). 
Contrary to Edwards' recent characterizations of the lawsuit filed by Epstein against 
Edwards (on which the malicious prosecution claim is based), Epstein did not allege that Edwards 
brought false claims. Rather, Epstein previously alleged that Edwards exploited the civil tort 
lawsuits against Epstein for the purposes of luring investors into the Ponzi scheme that was being 
carried out under the auspices of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & Adler by attempting to conduct 
unnecessary and irrelevant discovery, by filing duplicative actions, and by other similar actions 
EFTA00806889
--- PAGE 3 ---
outlined more fully in Epstein's Complaint against Edwards. One clear example of this was the 
Order entered by United States District Judge Kenneth A. Marra determining Edwards' motion 
asking the Court to order Epstein to post a $15 million bond to secure a potential judgment as 
being "entirely devoid of evidence of [Epstein's] alleged fraudulent transfers." (See Order, D.E. 
400, Case No. 08-CIV-80119, Exhibit A.) Thus, the request for judicial notice must be denied on 
the basis that it serves no legitimate purpose, nor does it have any correlation to the claims and 
defenses in this matter. 
Furthermore, even if this Court was concerned that the evidence might be relevant in some 
remote way to the claims to be tried, it should still be excluded under Florida Statute section 90.403 
which provides, "[r]elevant evidence is inadmissible if its probative value is substantially 
outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice, confusion of issues, misleading the jury, or needless 
presentation of cumulative evidence." Florida courts have excluded evidence of prior convictions 
in analogous situations, finding that any probative value is substantially outweighed by the danger 
of unfair prejudice. Horton v. State, 943 So. 2d 1016, 1017-18 (Fla. 2d DCA 2006). Likewise, 
here, any remotely probative value is far outweighed by the prejudicial nature of the evidence, as 
well as the likelihood that it would confuse the true issues in this lawsuit and mislead the jury as 
to the subject of the claims that are being tried. 
Sections 90.404 and 90.405, Florida Statutes 
Additionally, the registration information is inadmissible under sections 90.404 and 
90.405, Florida Statutes, because its only purpose is to disparage Epstein's character. Florida law 
is clear that "[e]vidence of a person's character or a trait of character is inadmissible to prove action 
in conformity with it on a particular occasion" except under certain limited circumstances not 
present here. § 90.404(1), Fla. Stat. (2017); see also § 90.405(2), Fla. Stat. (2017) ("When 
EFTA00806890
--- PAGE 4 ---
character or a trait of character of a person is an essential element of a charge claim or defense, 
proof may be made of specific instances of that person's conduct.") (emphasis added). 
Edwards' Request for Judicial Notice is nothing more than a backdoor attempt to inject 
irrelevant and prejudicial character evidence into the trial, contrary to well-settled Florida law. 
See, e.g., Pandula v. Fonseca, 199 So. 358, 360 (Fla. 1940) ("neither [a witness's] general character 
nor particular phases of character can be gone into"'). 
Sections 90.609 and 90.610. Florida Statutes 
Finally, the registration information is inadmissible under sections 90.609 and 90.610, 
Florida Statutes, because it is irrelevant to Epstein's truthfulness and goes far beyond the bare fact 
he was convicted of a crime. See § 90.609, Fla. Stat. (2017) (character evidence used to impeach 
a witness "may refer only to character relating to truthfulness"). 
While section 90.610 permits a party to impeach a witness by evidence if the witness was 
convicted of a felony or a crime involving dishonesty, Epstein's registration information falls 
outside this narrow category of impeachment evidence by addressing the nature of his crime (a 
sexual offense). Impeachment under section 90.610 is strictly limited to the fact the witness was 
convicted of a felony or crime involving dishonesty, and the number of convictions. Further 
details, including the nature of the crime, are off limits. See Rogers v. State, 964 So. 2d 221, 222-
(Fla. 4th DCA 2007) ("[I]mpeachment by prior convictions is 'restricted to determining if the 
witness has previously been convicted of a crime, and if so, how many times."); Botte v. Pomeroy, 
497 So. 2d 1275, 1280 (Fla. 4th DCA 1986) ("[Q]uestioning is limited to whether the witness has 
ever been convicted of a felony or a crime involving dishonesty. ... The witness may be required 
to give the number of convictions, but if he answers truthfully, no further questions may be asked. 
In particular, the nature of the crimes may not be elicited.") (emphasis added); Reeser v. Boats 
Unlimited, Inc., 432 So. 2d 1346, 1349 (Fla. 4th DCA 1983) ("Neither statute permits the 
EFTA00806891
--- PAGE 5 ---
elicitation of the nature of the crime because any additional light on his credibility would not 
compensate for the possible prejudicial effect on the minds of the jurors.") (emphasis added). 
CONCLUSION 
As supported by the pleadings and record in this lawsuit, whether or not Epstein is a 
registered sex offender in the State of New York, or whether he committed any acts that would 
lead to such a designation, is not the subject of this trial. Rather, this consistent attempt by Edwards 
to re-litigate his closed civil tort actions and interject mini-trials in this matter should be rejected. 
The purpose is inconsistent with the Florida Evidence Code, specifically sections 90.401, 90.403, 
90.404, 90.405, 90.609, and 90.610, Florida Statutes, by attempting to take advantage of the jury's 
potential negative reaction to such evidence. 
WHEREFORE, Epstein respectfully requests that this Court deny Edwards' Request for 
Judicial Notice. 
EFTA00806892
--- PAGE 6 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on November_, 2017, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
[fax]
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rocke 
Angela M. Many (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jea•ey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00806893
--- PAGE 7 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301-3268 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley I Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiffitounter-Defendant 
Je 
E stein 
EFTA00806894

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806895.pdf
----------------------------------------
10:25 AM 
11/27/18 
Accrual Basis 
LSJE LLC 
Account QuickReport 
All Transactions 
Type 
60000 . Operating 
60200 • Travel 
Date 
Num 
Name 
60206 • Water Taxi 
Check 
1919/2016 
3289 
Ocean Drearre140100,5 LLC 
Check 
10/19)2016 
3289 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
1921/2016 
3296 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
10121/2016 
3296 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
10/21/2016 
3296 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
10/21/201/3 
3296 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
1921/2016 
3296 
Ocean Dreams Holdrises LLC 
Check 
10/21/2016 
3296 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
10/21/2018 
3296 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
10/21/2016 
3296 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
10/21/2016 
3298 
Ocean Dreams Holdngs LLC 
Check 
1921/2016 
3296 
Ocean Dreams Molting' LLC 
Check 
11/152016 
3334 
Ocean Dreams liolcIngs LLC 
Check 
11/15/2016 
3334 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
11/15/2018 
3334 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/1002017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/1002017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams 1-1010riga LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams lioldngs LLC 
Check 
05/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Molting' LLC 
Check 
05/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dream', H010/8$ LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/1002017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Molting' LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Drew,. HOIOnfaa LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Drew,. H010/8$ LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/1002017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Drew,. H0100,5 LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean [mean. HOIOnfaS LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/1012017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/1012017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holcings LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holcings LLC 
Check 
06/10/2017 
3670 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/2312017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
0923/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
0923/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Holdngs LLC 
Check 
05/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Molar. LLC 
Check 
05/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Holdngs LLC 
Check 
0923/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Hold/1gs LLC 
Check 
05/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Holdngs LLC 
Check 
06/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Hold/1gs LLC 
Check 
05/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Holdngs LLC 
Check 
06/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Hold/1gs LLC 
Check 
05/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Helen fps LLC 
Check 
06/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Hold/1gs LLC 
Check 
05/2312017 
3693 
Ocean DreOnIS Molting' LLC 
Check 
05/2312017 
3693 
Ocean Dr08016 Makings LLC 
Check 
06/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
05/2312017 
3693 
00099 Dr00/98 Hoidens LLC 
Check 
06/23/2017 
3693 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Drew,. HOIOnga LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/2172017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/2172017 
3743 
Mean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/2172017 
3743 
Ocean Drowns Holclings LLC 
Check 
06/2172017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Chock 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/2172017 
3743 
Ocean Drew,. H01088$ LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
06/21/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Check 
0921/2017 
3743 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LLC 
Total 60208 , Water Taxi 
Total 60203 • Travel 
Total 60003 • Operating 
TOTAL 
Memo 
SPM 
Amount 
1910/2016: Transfer of employees from LSJ 10 Red Hook (4:15 MO 
11111/2016: Transfer of employees from Red Hock to LSJ (7:00 am) 
1917/2016: Transfer of employees from Red Hock lo tSJ (7:00 an) 
10/1712016: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
10/18/2016: Transfer of employees from Red Hock lo LSJ (7:00 so) 
10/192016: Transfer of employees horn LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
10119/2016: Transfer o employees from Red Hock Ki 1.9J (7:00 am) 
10119/2016: Transfer of employees from LSJ lo Red Hook (4:00 pa) 
101292016: Transfer of employees from Red Hock to LSJ (7:00 am) 
10/202016: Transfer o employees from LSJ 10 Red Hook (4:00 INN 
10/282016: Transfer of employees from Red Hock So LSJ (7:00 am) 
10/282016: Transfer of employees NOT LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 CM) 
11/3/2016: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
111412016: transfer 01 employees from ROO Hook 00 LSJ (7:00 am) 
111412016: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (12:30 pm) 
411812017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
411812017: transfer of employees from LS) to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
4119/2017: Transfer of awl:doyen from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
4/19/2017: transfer of employees from LS) to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
4/20/2017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
4/292017: transfer of employees from1.5) to Red Hook (4:00 0,0) 
4/2112017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
4/2112017: transfer of employees from1S) to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
4/24/2017: transfer of employees from Red Hook to LSJ (7:00 am) 
4124/2017: Transfer of enflames from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
4/25/2017: Transfer of errployees from Red Hook to LSJ (7:00 am) 
42512017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
4/292017: transfer of employees from Red Hook to LSJ (7:00 am) 
412812017: Transfer of errployees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
412712017: transfer 01 ervp$Oyfrea from Red Hook to L.S.) (7:00 am) 
4272017: Transfer of ernaloyces kornLSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
4/26/2017: Trans* of employees from Red Hook it, LSJ (7:00 am) 
4/28/2017: Transfer of employees from15.1 to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
90'82017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
5101/2017: Transfer of employees from15.1 to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
902/2017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
902/2017: transfer of employees from15.1 to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
903/2017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
5t03/2017: transfer of employees from15.1 to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
5/04/2017: Transfer of employees from Rai Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
5/04/2017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
805/2017: transfer of employees from Red Hook to 1.5.) (7:00 am) 
5/06/2017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
806/2017: transfer of employees from Red Hook to 12.1 (7:00 am) 
908/2017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
5f0Wg317: transfer of employees from Red Hook to LSJ (7:00 am) 
51092017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
91012017: transfer 01 employees from Red Hook to LSJ (7:00 am) 
51102017: Transfer of employees from15.1 to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
5111/2017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
gm vg017: Transit% of employees from LS) to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
912/2017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
912/2017: Transfer of firrPlOyees from LS) tO Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
5/15/2017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
5115/2017: Transfer of firrPlOyees from LS) tO Red Hook (4:00 Pa) 
5116/2017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
5118/2017: Transfer of firrPlOyees from LS) tO Red Hook (4:00 Pa) 
5117/2017: transfix 01 errployeea from Red Hook to LSJ (7:00 am) 
5117/2017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
916/2017: transfix' of errpnyees from Red Hook to LSJ (7:00 am) 
51192017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 yen) 
906/2017: transfer of employees from Red Hook to LSJ (7:00 am) 
5108/2017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
5f0W2017:7ransf et of BOCK/yen from Red Hook to 1.5.) (7:00 am) 
909/2017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
5/192017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
910/2017: Transfer of 001009099 frOMISJO0 Red Hook (4:00 Pa) 
5111/2017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
5f11/2017: 7 renal et of BOCK/yen from LS) to Red Hook (4:00 Pm) 
5112/2017: Transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS-1(7:00 am) 
912/2017: 7 tansies of 001009099 from LS) to Red Hook (4:00 0M) 
915/2017: Transfer of employees from Rai Hook to LSJ (7:00 am) 
915/2017: Transfer of firrPlOyees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pro) 
5f16/2017: Transfer 01 employees from Red Hook 99 LSJ (7:00 am) 
5116/2017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
917/2017: transfer of employees from Red Hook lo LSJ (7:00 am) 
5117/2017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
916/2017: transfer of employees from Red Hook to LS) (7:00 am) 
51192017: Transfer of employees from LSJ to Red Hook (4:00 pm) 
9000 - FirstS. 
9000 Firs1B... 
9000 • Fire.M. 
9000' Firsti3. 
9000 • Firste... 
9000' FiretB. 
9000 FintB... 
9000 Area._ 
9000 FkslB... 
9000 FSB... 
9000 FSB... 
9000 FkstB... 
9000 
9000 FirstB... 
9000 - &VB. 
9000 • Firs:B. 
9000. 
9000 HIStB. 
9000 • FirstB... 
9000 FiYB... 
9000' FIrstB... 
9000 FirstB... 
9000 - F91.93. 
9000 - Firsts. 
9000 Firsts.
9030 - - Firsts. 
9030 rrge... 
9030 -Firsts. 
9030 rrge... 
9030 -
9030 rrge... 
9030 
9030 - FirstB. 
9030 TirstEt... 
9030 - FirstEl. 
9030 FWD. 
9030 - Firsts. 
9030 Feta... 
9030 
9000'
9000 Firsdi... 
9000 - &VB. 
9000 - FirStEl. 
9030 Tina... 
9030 - FirstEl. 
9030 Firsts... 
9030 FirstB... 
9030 - Firsts. 
9000 FirstB... 
9000 - Firsts. 
9000 Firsa... 
9000 - Firsts. 
9000 Firsa... 
9000 - &V3. 
9000 - F1043. 
9000 Firs/B... 
9000 - F1043. 
9000 FirstB... 
9000' FirstB. 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
325.00 
19,825.00 
19,825.00 
19,825.00 
10.826.00 
Page 1 
EFTA00806895

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806896.pdf
----------------------------------------
10:15 MA 
11/27/18 
LSJE LLC 
Vendor QuickReport 
All Transactions 
Type 
Dots 
Ocean Dreams Holdings LIG 
Check 
Check 
Deck 
Check 
Check 
Check 
10212016 
11/15/2018 
06/10?2017 
05232017 
06/212017 
Nun 
3289 
3296 
3334 
3670 
3693 
3743 
Memo 
Ire/. 2016.77: 10/132016 
Inv. 2016-79:10212016 
Irv. 201644: 11/412018 
Inv. 2017-132 
VOID: Inv. 2017-146 Oaf 3693 - ROD DERThem 622/17 
Irv. 2017448 
Account 
CR 
8091 
19000 • Frel9ank .- 
X 
-SPLIT-
19000 FestBenk ... 
X 
-SPLIT-
19000 Mrst6ank ... 
X 
SPLIT-
19030 • Fots.399 
X 
SPLIT-
19000 • F irstBank ... 
X 
-SPLIT-
19000 Firstl3ank ... 
X 
SPLIT. 
Dart 
0.00 
Cr." 
850.80 
3250.03 
975.03 
9,103.03 
5.850.03 
Page 
EFTA00806896

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806897.pdf
----------------------------------------
HARLEQUIN DANE, LLC 
5300 West Atlantic Avenue. Suite 602 
Delray Beach Florida 33484 
Email: 
Telephone: 
October 1, 2018 
wale 
Comlux Management 
Attention: Severine Cosma 
Re: 1998 Boeing Business Jet, 
Serial No 2927$ 
Dear Ms. Cosma: 
Harlequin Dane, LLC ("Purchaser") hereby expresses to you its intent to purchase from the owner that you 
represent as agent ("Seller) that certain 1998 Boeing Business Jet aircraft bearing Manufacturer's Serial 
No. 29273 and Bermuda Registration No. VID-BBJ, together with its equipped engines and all avionics, 
equipment, systems, furnishings and accessories installed on, contained in, attached to or included with 
said aircraft and engines, and also including all loose equipment that is normally or currently part of or 
included with said aircraft and engines and all aircraft records and documents associated with the aircraft, 
all as is to be more particularly described in the definitive written Aircraft Purchase Agreement described 
below (collectively, the "Aircraft"), subject to the following terms and conditions: 
1. The total purchase price for the Aircraft (the "Purchase Price") shall be Twelve Million U.S. Dollars 
(US$12,000,000.00), to be paid to Seller in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
Within three (3) business days after Seller's acceptance of this Letter of Intent ("LO1"), 
Purchaser shall wire transfer a fully refundable One Million U.S. Dollar (US $1,000,000.00) 
deposit (the "Deposit") to AIC Title Service, LLC, 6350 West Reno, Oklahoma City, OK 
73127, Attn: Tammi Bear (the "Escrow Agent"), which Deposit shall be held in escrow and 
disbursed in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the definitive written 
Aircraft Purchase Agreement described below (the "Purchase Agreement"); and 
(b) 
The balance of the purchase price for the Aircraft in the amount of Eleven Million U.S. 
Dollars (US $11,000,000.00) shall be paid at the closing provided for in the Purchase 
Agreement, said purchase price balance to be wire transferred prior to such closing into a 
special escrow account of the Escrow Agent for its disbursement to the Seller at said 
closing upon the satisfaction of the conditions and requirements to be set forth in the 
Purchase Agreement. 
2. The Deposit and this LOI shall be subject to the execution of a definitive written Aircraft Purchase 
Agreement between Seller and Purchaser in form and substance mutually satisfactory to the parties, 
providing for the sale and purchase of the Aircraft and payment of the Purchase Price on terms consistent 
EFTA00806897
--- PAGE 2 ---
with this LOI, such other terms as are typically found in transactions of the type contemplated herein and 
such other terms and conditions as may be mutually agreeable to the parties hereto. Said definitive written 
Aircraft Purchase Agreement shall herein be referred to as the Purchase Agreement". Purchaser shall 
provide to Seller an initial draft of the Purchase Agreement within ten (10) business days after the 
acceptance of this LOI by Seller, and Seller and Purchaser shall undertake to execute and deliver to each 
other the mutually acceptable Purchase Agreement within fifteen (15) business days after the acceptance 
of this WI by Seller. The Purchase Agreement shall supersede this LOI in its entirety, and, if there 
should be any conflicts between the provisions of the Purchase Agreement and this LOI, the provisions of 
the Purchase Agreement shall control for all purposes. If the parties fail to enter into the Purchase 
Agreement within such fifteen (15) business day period (unless the parties agree in writing to extend the 
date for execution, in which case such period shall be extended as so agreed), then within one (1) business 
day after the expiration of such fifteen (15) business day period (as the same may have been extended as 
provided above), the Escrow Agent shall return the Deposit to Purchaser, and neither Seller nor Purchaser 
shall have any further liability to the other party. 
3. The Aircraft shall be delivered with good and marketable title and free and clear of all liens, claims, 
demands and encumbrances. 
4. The Aircraft shall be delivered at a location to be mutually agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser (as 
specified in the Purchase Agreement). 
5. The Aircraft shall be delivered in an airworthy condition and shall comply in all respects with the "Delivery 
Condition" to be defined and specified in detail in the Purchase Agreement (the "Delivery Condition"). 
6. Without limiting the foregoing, the Aircraft shall be delivered with an Export Certificate of Airworthiness 
issued by the Bermuda Civil Aviation Authority to the jurisdiction of the United States of America and in 
form and substance acceptable to the FAA, or to any other jurisdiction as shall be specified by Purchaser 
and agreed to by the Seller. 
7. Purchaser's obligation to purchase the Aircraft shall be contingent upon Purchaser's satisfaction in its 
sole discretion with the results of a technical pre-purchase inspection of the Aircraft (the "Pre-purchase 
Inspection"), performed at Purchaser's cost, at a Boeing approved maintenance facility at a location to be 
agreed between Seller and Purchaser (the 'Inspection Facility"). The scope, terms and conditions of the 
Pre-purchase Inspection shall be as specified in the Purchase Agreement. The Pre-purchase Inspection 
shall take place on a date mutually agreed to by Seller and Purchaser but not later than ten (10) business 
days after the parties execute the Purchase Agreement. The cost of repositioning the Aircraft to the 
Inspection Facility shall be borne by Purchaser. 
8. Following the completion of the Pre-purchase Inspection, at its option, Purchaser may either reject the 
Aircraft or technically accept the Aircraft, subject to the rectification by Seller, at Seller's cost and expense, 
of any failures of the Aircraft to conform to the Delivery Condition ("Aircraft Discrepancies"). In its sole 
discretion, Purchaser shall reject the Aircraft or technically accept (subject to Seller's correction of such 
Aircraft Discrepancies, if any) the Aircraft within 48 hours of completion of the Pre-purchase Inspection. 
Such rejection or acceptance shall be in writing and signed by Purchaser. 
9. If Purchaser rejects the Aircraft, the Deposit shall be returned promptly to Purchaser by the Escrow Agent 
in full and neither Seller nor Purchaser shall have any further obligation to or right against the other in 
relation to the Aircraft and/or its sale and/or purchase or otherwise arising out of the Purchase Agreement. 
If Purchaser technically accepts the Aircraft subject to the rectification of any Aircraft Discrepancies found 
during the Pre-purchase Inspection, Seller shall cause such Aircraft Discrepancies to be rectified at its sole 
cost and expense promptly and in any event within a period of sixty (60) days following Seller's acceptance 
of Purchaser's technical acceptance of the Aircraft, unless such period is extended by a writing signed by 
Seller and Purchaser. In the event that either Seller refuses to 00 so or tails to do so within such period (Or 
EFTA00806898
--- PAGE 3 ---
any such extended period), the Escrow Agent promptly shall return the Deposit in full to Purchaser, and 
neither Seller nor Purchaser shall have any further obligation to or right against the other in relation to the 
Aircraft and/or its sale and/or purchase pursuant to or arising out of the Purchase Agreement; provided, 
however, that if the cost to Seller to rectify the Aircraft Discrepancies is not more than Five Hundred 
Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $500,000.00), and Seller nevertheless refuses to rectify such Aircraft 
Discrepancies or fails to rectify such Aircraft Discrepancies within such period, then in addition to 
Purchaser's receiving a full refund of the Deposit, Seller shall promptly reimburse Purchaser for all of 
Purchaser's reasonably incurred and properly documented costs and expenses in conducting the Aircraft 
Inspection (including, but not limited to, any Aircraft repositioning costs and test flight costs). 
10. This LOI will remain in effect until 5:00 p.m. EST on October 15. 2018, after which, if not accepted by 
Seller, it shall expire and have no further force or effect. This LOI may be accepted by Seller's returning by 
email transmissionprior to that time a copy hereof, signed by an authorized representative of Seller, to 
Darren K. Indyke at 
HARLEQUIN DANE, L 
By: 
Name: Darren K. Indyke 
Title: Member 
ACCEPTED BY: 
Name of Seller: 
By: 
Name:  
Title:  
Date: 
EFTA00806899

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806900.pdf
----------------------------------------
Odette Magras 
Phone 
Employment History 
COO/Social Media Manager 
01/2011 - Current 
V.I. Connections/SNC 
St Thomas. VI 
COO/Social Media Manager part-time. V.I. Connections/SNC Marketing (2011.2016) • Oversee, direct, and organize work 
• Contribute to the development of strategic goals and objectives as well as the overall management of the organization • 
Create and manage social media/mobile marketing campaigns tailored to specific needs • Create and post content. 
videos and other material to help build traffic, awareness and rapport with viewers • Monitor trends in social media and 
come up with ways to take advantage of it • Manage the presence and all activities on social media platforms • Reach out 
to both online and offline communities to help build brand awareness 
Assistant Office Manager 
01/2015 - 12/2016 
Springline Architects, LLC 
VI 
• Provide administrative support for 
erformed a variety of general clerical work, which includes typing, 
Ming, data ent 
rmation for govt departments such as DPNR. CZM and Port Authority • Handled petty 
cas 
bursements • Maintained office supplies and orders • Handled all incoming calls • Greeted guests 
clients 
Assistant Office Manager 
08/2015 - 07/2016 
Springline Architects. LLC 
St Thomas. VI 
Assistant Office Manager, Springline Architects, LLC (2015-2016) • Provide administrative support for Office Manager • 
Performed a variety of general clerical work, which includes typing, filing, data entry, and compiling information for gov't 
departments such as OPNR. CZM and Port Authority • Handled petty cash expenses and disbursements • Maintained 
office supplies and orders • Handled all incoming calls • Greeted guests and clients 
COO/Soclal Media Manager part-time 
01/2011 - 01/2016 
V,I. Connections/SNC 
• Oversee, direct, and organize work • Contribute to the development of strategic goals and objectives as well as the 
overall management of the organization • Create and manage social media/mobile marketing campaigns tailored to 
specific needs • Create and post content, videos and other material to help build traffic, awareness and rapport with 
viewers • Monitor trends in social media and come up with ways to take advantage of it • Manage the presence and all 
activities on social media platforms • Reach out to both online and offiine communities to help build brand awareness 
Assistant Property Manager 
01/2013 - 01/2015 
East End Plaza 
VI 
Operate computers programmed with accountin s 
r . store and analyze information • Accept rental 
payments and post rents to the comput 
monies collected and prepare bank deposit slips on an on-going basis 
• Ensure that all invoices rece' 
the properties are approved, entered and paid within a timely manner • Provide 
accounting support 
Managers • Receive all telephone calls and in-person visits. Listen to resident requests. 
conce 
ments • Ensure all maintenance repairs are handled satisfactorily 
VI 
Assistant Property Manager 
01/2013 - 01/2015 
East End Plaza 
St Thomas, VI 
Operate computers programmed with accounting software to record, store and analyze information • Accept rental 
payments and post rents to the computer • Record monies collected and prepare bank deposit slips on an on-going basis 
• Ensure that all invoices received from the properties are approved, entered and paid within a timely manner • Provide 
accounting support to Property Managers • Receive all telephone calls and in-person visits. Listen to resident requests. 
EFTA00806900
--- PAGE 2 ---
concerns and comments • Ensure all maintenance repairs are hanclec satisfactorily 
Administrative Secretary 
02/2011 - 11/2013 
GEM Manufacturing 
gl Themes. VI 
Administrative Secretary, GEM Manufact 
• Opened and distributed mail, prepared memos. 
correspondence, answer 
repared end of week Commission statements for Cruise Lines/Directors • Created 
spreadsh 
ations for Regional Supervisor • Created Appraisal Certificates for distributions in Hawaii, Las 
yman Islands. U.S. Virgin Islands 
Administrative Secretary 
01/2010 - 01=13 
GEM Manufacturing 
VI 
• Opened and distributed mall, prepared memos, correspondence, answered inquiries • Prepared end of week 
Commission statements for Cruise Lines/Directors • Created spreadsheets and presentations for Regional Supervisor • 
Created Appraisal Certificates for distributions in Hawaii. Las Vegas. Cayman Islands, U.S. Virgin Islands 
Confidential Administrative Secretary 
01/2002 - 12/2009 
School District of Palm Beach County 
VI 
Served as confidential right-hand to Supervisor/Principal including responsibilities of managing calls, maintaining Outlook 
Calendar. scheduling appointments, meetings and conferences. Opened and distributed mail, prepared m 
correspondence, answered inquiries and provided information of programs and/or activities • Ma' 
' 
current 
information regarding policies, bulletins and established proper data collections requi 
pared/Created 
spreadsheets and presentations for supervisors/executives • Entered and 
ed PeopleSo • 
on for 100+ 
employees such as Payroll, Leasing of Facilities. Transportation 
s, Discipline 
orkman's Comp, Budget 
Position Status reports. Job actions, sub-locator, job 
ments and 
. 
information relating to newly hired 
employees. requisitions, updated job and person 
ation, 
ons, evaluations and miscellaneous reports • 
Conducted extensive Internet research for 
ments 
ects • Accounted for facility maintenance such as 
emergency and evacuation drills, w• - •rders 
ions. security reporting, PA system and radios • Supervised main 
office reception area. respo 
or i 
entation of office needs, supplies, schedules and functions • Managed 
electronic and menu, 
g s 
and records • Acted as liaison and maintained open lines of communication among 
supervisors, a 
tr 
aft and clients/parents • Coordinated and set up high-level conference calls, board and 
manage 
in 
s. Special events and travel arrangements for supervisors • Answered a high volume of incoming 
cal 
d  
rson inquiries from clients and colleagues, while in a professional and respectful manner. • Assisted in 
language translation of documents, meetings and one-on-one conferences • Created calendars, schedules and 
documents for distribution and print • Organized and assisted in special events, programs and activities 
Confidential Secretary 
08/2002 - 04/2009 
School District of Palm Beach County. FL 
Greenacres. FL 
Confidential Administrative Secretary, School District of Palm Beach County, FL (2002-2009) • Served as confidential 
right-hand to Supervisor/Principal including responsibilities of managing calls, maintaining Outlook Calendar, scheduling 
appointments, meetings and conferences. Opened and distributed mail, prepared memos, correspondence, answered 
inquiries and provided information of programs and/or activities • Maintained current information regarding policies. 
bulletins and established proper data collections required • Prepared/Created spreadsheets and presentations for 
supervisors/executives • Entered and maintained PeopleSoft information for 100+ employees such as Payroll, Leasing of 
Facilities. Transportation requests. Disciplinary reports. Workman's Comp, Budget 8 Position Status reports. Job actions, 
sub-locator, job advertisements and pertinent information relating to newly hired employees, requisitions, updated job and 
personal information, certifications, evaluations and miscellaneous reports • Conducted extensive Internet research for 
documents and projects • Accounted for facility maintenance such as emergency and evacuation drills, work orders. 
inspections, security reporting. PA system and radios • Supervised main office reception area. responsible for 
implementation of office needs. supplies, schedules and functions • Managed electronic and manual filing system and 
records • Acted as liaison and maintained open lines of communication among supervisors, administrative staff and 
clients/parents • Coordinated and set up high-level conference calls. board and management meetings. special events 
and travel arrangements for supervisors • Answered a high volume of incoming calls and in-person inquiries from clients 
and colleagues: white in a professional and respectful manner • Assisted in foreign language translation of documents, 
meetings and one-on-one conferences • Created calendars, schedules and documents for distribution and print • 
Organized and assisted in special events. programs and activities 
EFTA00806901
--- PAGE 3 ---
Education and Training 
Completion Issuing Institution 
Location Degree Received 
Course of Study 
Date 
01/1987 
Sts. Peter and Paul School 
VI 
High School Diploma 
College Preparatory 
Diploma 
06/1987 
Saints Peter and Paul 
VI 
High School Diploma 
College Preparatory 
School. St. Thomas 
Year of College or a Technical or 
Administrative And Office 
St. Thomas 
VI 
Vocational School 
Management 
EFTA00806902

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806903.pdf
----------------------------------------
NES, LLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
October 25, 2018 
VIA Email 
Lawrence P. Lenzner, Esq. 
Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler LLP 
1133 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10036 
Dear Mr. Lenzner: 
NES, LLC, a New York limited liability company (the "Purchaser"), is pleased to present its offer to 
purchase from your client (the "Seller") the real property, building and improvements known as and located 
at 18 East 71st Street, New York, New York for the purchase price of $26 Million. 
We are prepared to perform our customary inspections as soon as you would like us to do so, and would 
contemplate a closing within the next 60 days. 
As confidentiality is of particular importance with respect to this offer and the contemplated transaction, 
we will include appropriate confidentiality provisions in the definitive real estate purchase agreement for 
this transaction to be executed by the parties, and assume that until the execution and delivery of the 
definitive agreement, both the Seller and the Purchaser shall keep this offer and Seller's response 
completely confidential. 
A mutually acceptable definitive real estate purchase agreement containing usual and customary terms for 
transactions of this nature and such other provisions as may be agreed to by the Purchaser and the Seller 
will be prepared by the Purchaser for the Seller's review and approval within three (3) business days 
following the Seller's acceptance of this offer. 
Seller's response to this offer should be directed to, the Purchaser's attorney: 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
5300 W. Atlantic Avenue, Suite 602 
Delray Beach, Florida 33484 
email: 
We look forward to your reply. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K. Indyke 
General Counsel 
EFTA00806903

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806904.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE HAZE TRUST 
March 14, 2019 
Marc Leon 
Kensington Properties 
Dear Mr. Leon: 
The Haze Trust ("THT") is pleased to present the following offers: 
THT extends to Kahn Stiftung ("KS"), as the holder of legal and beneficial title to all of the issued and 
outstanding shares (the "Shares") of Pamur Anstalt, a Liechtenstein anstalt ("Pamur"), THT's non-binding 
offer to purchase all of KS's right, title and interest in and to the Shares of Pamur for the purchase price of 
Fifteen Million Euro (15,000,000 e). 
THT also extends to the owner of legal and beneficial title (the "Owner") to the property known as Bin 
Ennalchil palace located in Marrakech, Morocco (the "Property"), THT's non-binding offer to purchase all 
of the Owner's right, title and interest in and to the Property for the purchase price of Eight Million Euro 
(8,000,000 €) 
The foregoing offers are subject to THT's satisfaction with the results of all necessary and appropriate due 
diligence relating to Pamur and the Shares, and the Property, as the case may be. The full scope of such 
due diligence with respect to the purchase of the Shares of Pamur shall be as mutually agreed to by THT 
and KS, and the full scope of such due diligence with respect to the purchase of the Property shall be as 
mutually agreed to by THT and the Owner. The foregoing offers are also subject to the execution: (1) by 
THT and KS of a mutually acceptable definitive and binding share purchase agreement providing for THT's 
purchase from KS of the Shares as provided above (the "Share Purchase Agreement"), which Share 
Purchase Agreement shall contain usual and customary terms for share purchase transactions of this nature 
and such other provisions as may be agreed to by THT and KS; and (2) by THT and the Owner of a mutually 
acceptable definitive and binding real estate purchase agreement providing for THT's purchase of the 
Property from the Owner as provided above (the "Real Estate Purchase Agreement"), which Real Estate 
Purchase Agreement shall contain usual and customary terms for real estate purchase transactions of this 
nature and such other provisions as may be agreed to by THT and the Owner. A draft of each of the Share 
Purchase Agreement and the Real Estate Purchase Agreement must be prepared by KS or the Owner, as the 
case may be, and presented to THT within ten (10) days of the date of this letter. 
All responses to the foregoing offers should be directed to the following person: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Email: 
We look forward to your reply. 
Sincerely, 
Karyna Shuliak 
EFTA00806904

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806905.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE HAZE TRUST 
March 14, 2019 
Marc Leon 
Kensington Properties 
Dear Mr. Leon: 
The Haze Trust ("THT") is pleased to present the following offers: 
THT extends to Kahn Stiftung ("KS"), as the holder of legal and beneficial title to all of the issued and 
outstanding shares (the "Shares") of Pamur Anstalt, a Liechtenstein anstalt ("Pamur"), THT's non-binding 
offer to purchase all of KS's right, title and interest in and to the Shares of Pamur for the purchase price of 
Fifteen Million Euro (15,000,000 e). 
THT also extends to the owner of legal and beneficial title (the "Owner") to the property known as Bin 
Ennalchil palace located in Marrakech, Morocco (the "Property"), THT's non-binding offer to purchase all 
of the Owner's right, title and interest in and to the Property for the purchase price of Eight Million Euro 
(8,000,000 €) 
The foregoing offers are subject to THT's satisfaction with the results of all necessary and appropriate due 
diligence relating to Pamur and the Shares, and the Property, as the case may be. The full scope of such 
due diligence with respect to the purchase of the Shares of Pamur shall be as mutually agreed to by THT 
and KS, and the full scope of such due diligence with respect to the purchase of the Property shall be as 
mutually agreed to by THT and the Owner. The foregoing offers are also subject to the execution: (1) by 
THT and KS of a mutually acceptable definitive and binding share purchase agreement providing for THT's 
purchase from KS of the Shares as provided above (the "Share Purchase Agreement"), which Share 
Purchase Agreement shall contain usual and customary terms for share purchase transactions of this nature 
and such other provisions as may be agreed to by THT and KS; and (2) by THT and the Owner of a mutually 
acceptable definitive and binding real estate purchase agreement providing for THT's purchase of the 
Property from the Owner as provided above (the "Real Estate Purchase Agreement"), which Real Estate 
Purchase Agreement shall contain usual and customary terms for real estate purchase transactions of this 
nature and such other provisions as may be agreed to by THT and the Owner. A draft of each of the Share 
Purchase Agreement and the Real Estate Purchase Agreement must be prepared by KS or the Owner, as the 
case may be, and presented to THT within ten (10) days of the date of this letter. 
All responses to the foregoing offers should be directed to the following person: 
[Name and Contact Info of THT's Representative] 
We look forward to your reply. 
Sincerely, 
[Name of THT's Representative] 
EFTA00806905

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806906.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE HAZE TRUST 
March 14, 2019 
Marc Leon 
Kensington Properties 
Dear Mr. Leon: 
The Haze Trust ("THT") is pleased to present to Kahn Stiftung ("KS"), as the holder of legal and beneficial 
title to all of the issued and outstanding shares (the "Shares") of Pamur Anstalt, a Liechtenstein anstalt 
("Pamur"), TNT's non-binding offer to purchase all of KS's right, title and interest in and to the Shares of 
Pamur for the purchase price of Twenty-Three Million Euro (23.000.000 E). 
The foregoing offer is subject to TNT's satisfaction with the results of all necessary and appropriate due 
diligence relating to Pamur and the Shares, the full scope of which due diligence shall be as mutually agreed 
to by THT and KS. The foregoing offer is also subject to the execution by THT and KS of a mutually 
acceptable definitive and binding share purchase agreement providing for TNT's purchase from KS of the 
Shares of Pamur as provided above (the "Share Purchase Agreement"), which Share Purchase Agreement 
shall contain usual and customary terms for transactions of this nature and such other provisions as may be 
agreed to by THT and KS. A draft of the Share Purchase Agreement must be prepared by KS and presented 
to THT within ten (10) days of the date of this letter. 
KS's response to this offer should be directed to the following person: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Email: 
We look forward to your reply. 
Sincerely, 
Karyna Shuliak 
EFTA00806906

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806907.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE HAZE TRUST 
March 14, 2019 
Marc Leon 
Kensington Properties 
Dear Mr. Leon: 
The Haze Trust ("THT") is pleased to present to Kahn Stiftung ("KS"), as the holder of legal and beneficial 
title to all of the issued and outstanding shares (the "Shares") of Pamur Anstalt, a Liechtenstein anstalt 
("Pamur"), THT's non-binding offer to purchase all of KS's right, title and interest in and to the Shares of 
Pamur for the purchase price of Twenty-Three Million Euro (23.000.000 E). 
The foregoing offer is subject to TNT's satisfaction with the results of all necessary and appropriate due 
diligence relating to Pamur and the Shares, the full scope of which due diligence shall be as mutually agreed 
to by THT and KS. The foregoing offer is also subject to the execution by THT and KS of a mutually 
acceptable definitive and binding share purchase agreement providing for TNT's purchase from KS of the 
Shares of Pamur as provided above (the "Share Purchase Agreement"), which Share Purchase Agreement 
shall contain usual and customary terms for transactions of this nature and such other provisions as may be 
agreed to by THT and KS. A draft of the Share Purchase Agreement must be prepared by KS and presented 
to THT within ten (10) days of the date of this letter. 
KS's response to this offer should be directed to the following person: 
[Name and Contact Info of THT's Representative] 
We look forward to your reply. 
Sincerely, 
[Name of TIIT's Representative] 
EFTA00806907

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806908.pdf
----------------------------------------
OFFER TO PURCHASE 
March 5, 2019 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Agent of Seller of capital stock of JEGE, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Re: 1988 Gulfstream G-IV serial number 1085 
Blue Sky Charter, LLC a Georgia limited liability company (the "Buyer"), hereby offers to purchase 
100% of the capital stock of JEGE, LLC, a U.S. Virgin Islands corporation (the "Company"), from the 
owner thereof (the "Seller") owns one Gulfstream G-IV, bearing manufacturer's serial number 1085, 
currently registered in the United States as N120JE, together with two Rolls Royce Tay 611-8 jet 
engines bearing manufacturer's serial numbers 16291 and 16292 (the "Aircraft") and all aircraft 
documentation in the Company's possession, upon, subject to, and in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
I. Purchase Price: The purchase price for 100% of the capital stock of the Company shall be Three 
Million Four Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($3,400,000.00 USD) (the "Purchase Price") 
payable as follows: 
2. Deposit: Within two (2) business days after the Seller's execution of this Offer, Buyer shall wire 
a refundable deposit (against payment of the Purchase Price) in the amount of One Hundred 
Thousand US Dollars ($100,000.00 USD) (the "Deposit") to the account of Insured Aircraft Title 
Service, LLC, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (the "Escrow Agent"), in accordance with the wire 
transfer instructions provided by the Escrow Agent. The Escrow fees for the transaction 
contemplated by this Offer shall be split equally between Seller and Buyer. 
The Deposit shall become non-refundable upon Buyer's written Technical Acceptance (defined 
below) of the Aircraft and the execution and delivery by each of Seller and Buyer of the 
mutually acceptable Purchase Agreement, and the Deposit shall be applied towards the purchase 
price for 100% of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase 
Agreement. 
Upon the execution of the acceptable Purchase Agreement the Buyer shall wire transfer an 
additional amount of Two Million Eight Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($2,800,000.00 USD) to 
the Escrow Agent which together with the Deposit shall equal the total down payment that shall 
be applied at Closing towards the purchase price for 100% of the capital stock of the Company 
pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 
In addition the Seller hereby agrees to provide the Buyer with an additional credit in the 
amount of Two Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($200,000.00 USD) in lieu of receiving 
flight time on the Aircraft in the form of a dry lease at an agreed upon hourly rate of Two 
Thousand Two Hundred Eleven and 64/100 US Dollars ($2,211.64 USD) plus an 
additional One Thousand US Dollars ($1,000.00 USD) per each Aircraft landing. The 
EFTA00806908
--- PAGE 2 ---
Buyer shall make the Aircraft available to the Seller post Closing provided the Seller 
provides the Buyer with 14 day notice for all future flight plans. The parties agree that the 
Seller's existing flight crew will operate the Aircraft during any dry lease periods. The 
Seller shall be entitled to dry lease the Aircraft for has many hours as needed until the 
Two Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($200,000.00 USD) credit is fully worked off. 
Furthermore it is understood between the parties that the Seller shall also pay for all fuel, 
landing fees, overfight fees (if applicable) and catering as applicable. These amounts 
shall be paid directly by the Seller independent of the hourly dry lease rate. 
The Seller shall provide the Buyer with a second mortgage in the amount of Three 
Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($300,000.00) to cover the remaining balance due. The 
terms of this second mortgage shall be agreed upon by the parties prior to the execution 
of the mutually agreed upon Purchase Agreement. In the event the Buyer pays off the 
second mortgage within ninety days the Seller hereby agrees to provide the Buyer with a 
One Hundred Thousand US Dollar ($100,000.00 USD) discount off the mortgage 
amount. In the event the Seller has used up the allotted flight hours pertaining to the thy 
lease of the Aircraft as noted in the paragraph above the Seller shall have the option of 
converting the second mortgage into dry lease hours at the agreed upon rate noted above 
and shall have access to the Aircraft under the same terms for as many hours as needed 
until such time as the Three Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($300,000.00 USD) is fully 
worked off. 
3. Condition of Aircraft; Other Assets; No Liens: Upon Closing of the sale and purchase of the 
capital stock of the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Aircraft shall be delivered 
to Purchaser: (a) with good and marketable title, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, (b) 
with complete and continuous log books and maintenance records, (c) in an airworthy condition 
with a valid FAA standard airworthiness certificate, (d) with all components and systems in 
normal working order, (e) with no damage history or material corrosion, (0 in compliance with 
the mandatory portions of all FAA airworthiness directives and mandatory service bulletins that 
have been issued with respect to the Aircraft with due dates on or prior to Closing, (g) current, as 
of Closing on the manufacturer's recommended inspection and maintenance programs with all 
hourly, cycle and calendar inspections required under such program complied with without 
deferral, with all engine, APU, and other enrolled programs fully paid up through the date of 
Closing, and (h) conforming to the specifications attached hereto. For purposes hereof, "Normal 
Working Order" shall mean a condition which (i) is consistent with the specifications, limitations 
and requirements of the maintenance and/or operations manual applicable to the unit, (ii) is good, 
but not necessarily perfect, it being understood and agreed that normal wear and tear, including 
any blemishes in the cosmetic appearance of the interior, which does not materially impair 
performance of the unit shall be acceptable, and (iii) does not require a modification to the 
normal life limitation, overhaul or inspection interval of the unit. Pursuant to the provisions of 
the Purchase Agreement, when title to the Company's capital stock is transferred at Closing, the 
Company shall hold no cash and no material assets other than the Aircraft, and the records, log 
books and other documentation, and any parts or accessories, pertaining to the Aircraft, all as 
specified in the Purchase Agreement. All such assets so specified in the Purchase Agreement 
shall be delivered in "as-is, where-is" condition and without any warranties whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, including without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, 
suitability or fitness for a particular purpose, except that Seller shall transfer title to the capital 
stock of the Company, and any such parts and accessories, free and clear of all liens, claims and 
encumbrances. Furthermore, the Seller hereby agrees that it will pay for the the cost of the work 
which is to be performed by Stevens Aerospace and Defense Systems post closing as per the 
EFTA00806909
--- PAGE 3 ---
proposal which is titled WOQ19-0767-GVL Rev.1 dated February 21, 2019 and is attacheded 
hereto for reference. 
4. Inspection of the Aircraft: No later than three (3) days after Seller's acceptance of this Offer, 
Buyer, at its expense, shall review the existing pre-buy report and perform an inspection of the 
Aircraft records and logs to review the condition of the Aircraft and its records and log books 
(the "Inspection"). Within two (2) business days after completing the Inspection, Buyer will 
provide the Seller with either a written acceptance of the Aircraft and will proceed with the 
Closing of the purchase of the capital stock of the Company, which will include the Aircraft in 
its "as-is, where-is" condition, in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement or, 
if Buyer elects not to proceed for any reason following the Inspection, Buyer will notify Seller of 
rejection, withdraw the Offer and remove the Buyer's Deposit from Escrow. In such case neither 
party will have any further obligation to the other regarding this Aircraft and the Aircraft will be 
immediately available for sale or lease to third parties. 
5. Acceptance/Rejection: Buyer may, for any reason, at any time before Technical Acceptance of 
the Aircraft, reject the Aircraft and receive a full refund of the Deposit by providing Seller with 
written notice of such rejection, specifying the reason for rejection. Should Buyer accept the 
Aircraft, Buyer will provide Seller with a written notice of technical acceptance of the Aircraft in 
its "as-is, where-is" condition ("Technical Acceptance"). After Technical Acceptance and the 
execution and delivery by Seller and Buyer of the mutually acceptable definitive Purchase 
Agreement, the Deposit will be nonrefundable and shall be disbursed when and as provided in 
the Purchase Agreement. 
6. Share Purchase Agreement: This Offer shall be subject to the execution by the parties hereto of a 
definitive Share Purchase Agreement between Seller and Buyer in form and substance mutually 
satisfactory to Seller and Buyer, providing for the sale and purchase of 100% of the capital stock 
of the Company, on terms consistent with this Offer, and such other terms as may be mutually 
agreeable to Seller and Buyer, by no later than ten (10) business days after Seller's acceptance of 
this Offer (the "Contract Deadline"). Said definitive Share Purchase Agreement shall herein be 
referred to as the "Purchase Agreement". Upon acceptance of this Offer by Seller, Buyer and 
Seller shall negotiate such terms in good faith, Seller shall provide to Buyer an initial draft of the 
Purchase Agreement within two (2) business days after the acceptance of this Offer by Seller, 
and Seller and Buyer shall undertake to execute and deliver to each other the mutually acceptable 
Purchase Agreement by no later than the Contract Deadline. The Purchase Agreement shall 
supersede this Offer in its entirety, and, if there should be any conflicts between the provisions of 
the Purchase Agreement and this Offer, the provisions of the Purchase Agreement shall control 
for all purposes. If the parties fail to enter into the Purchase Agreement by 5PM (EST) on the 
date of the Contract Deadline, then, unless the parties agree in writing to extend the date for 
execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Escrow Agent shall, within one (I) business day after 
the Contract Deadline, return the Deposit to Buyer, and neither Seller nor Buyer shall have any 
further liability to the other party. 
7. Governing Law: The Offer and the Purchase Agreement shall be governed, interpreted and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 
EFTA00806910
--- PAGE 4 ---
8. Notices: All notices, consents and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be 
in writing and sent by telecopy, facsimile or email (with a copy sent by first class U.S. certified or 
registered mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid). A notice or other communication 
sent in compliance with the provisions of this Section 8 shall be deemed given and received on the 
date of confirmed dispatch if sent by telecopy, facsimile, or email (provided that a copy thereof is 
sent by certified or registered mail the same day as provided above). The addresses, telecopy 
numbers, facsimile numbers and/or email addresses for the parties hereto are as set forth below. 
Either party hereto may designate another addressee or change its address, telecopy number, 
facsimile number or email address for notices, consents and other communications hereunder by 
a notice given to the other parties in the manner provided in this Section 8. 
9. Execution and Delivery: This Offer may be executed and delivered by delivery of a facsimile copy 
of an executed signature page or counterpart or by e-mailing a PDF version of a signed signature 
page or counterpart, and each shall have the same force and effect as the delivery of an originally 
executed signature page or counterpart. 
With Best Regards: 
Accepted: 
Blue Sky Charter, LLC 
JEGE, LLC 
Thomas H. Huff 
Darren K. Indyke 
Title: 
Title: Agent for Seller 
Date: 
Date: 
EFTA00806911

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806912.pdf
----------------------------------------
NES, LLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
October 25, 2018 
[Name and Address of Attorney] 
Dear [ 
NES, LLC, a New York limited liability company (the "Purchaser"), is pleased to present its offer 
to purchase from your client (the "Seller") the real property, building and improvements known as 
and located at 18 East 71st Street, New York, New York for the purchase price of $26 Million. 
We are prepared to perform our customary inspections as soon as you would like us to do so, and 
would contemplate a closing within the next 60 days. 
As confidentiality is of particular importance with respect to this offer and the contemplated 
transaction, we will include appropriate confidentiality provisions in the definitive real estate 
purchase agreement for this transaction to be executed by the parties, and assume that until the 
execution and delivery of the definitive agreement, both the Seller and the Purchaser shall keep 
this offer and Seller's response completely confidential. 
A mutually acceptable definitive real estate purchase agreement containing usual and customary 
terms for transactions of this nature and such other provisions as may be agreed to by the Purchaser 
and the Seller will be prepared by the Purchaser for the Seller's review and approval within three 
(3) business days following the Seller's acceptance of this offer. 
Seller's response to this offer should be directed to, Purchaser's New York attorney: 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
5300 W. Atlantic Avenue, Suite 602 
Delray Beach, Florida 33484 
email: 
We look forward to your reply. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K. Indyke 
General Counsel 
EFTA00806912

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806913.pdf
----------------------------------------
These are the notes referred to on the following official copy 
The electronic official copy of the title plan follows this message. 
Please note that this is the only official copy we will issue. We will not issue a paper official copy. 
This official copy was delivered electronically and when printed will not be to scale. You can obtain a paper 
official copy by ordering one from Land Registry. 
This official copy is issued on 19 May 2017 shows the state of this title plan on 19 May 2017 at 11:16:55. It is 
admissible in evidence to the same extent as the original (s.67 Land Registration Act 2002). This title plan 
shows the general position, not the exact line, of the boundaries. It may be subject to distortions in scale. 
Measurements scaled from this plan may not match measurements between the same points on the ground. 
This title is dealt with by the HM Land Registry, Croydon Office . 
EFTA00806913
--- PAGE 2 ---
HM Land Registry 
Official copy of 
title plan 
Title number NGL948737 
Ordnance Survey map reference TQ2879SW 
Scale 1:1250 
Administrative area City of Westminster 
2015 Ckdnana Sunny 100026316. You az y not pepmmed to copy., -liceose. oath 
• or ',et my 
clita to third pasties m Sly 0
• \/ 
e# 
• 
• 
• 
•17 
2. 
' 
• 
• 
• 
, 
• 
i 
• 
• •••• 
t 
te 
/ 
/" .• 
/
,—, 
• 
/ •• 
.0 
i 
/.1 Ii. 
I 
/ 
/ 
/ 
" 
/ 
II 
I f 
/ t 
t 
I 
I i 
I/ 
, 
/ ' 
I I 
I 
/ 
I 
, 
t 
I i 
I 
I 
I 
II 
I 
I 
i  
a 
I 
I 
I I 
/ 
a r 
a
a 
a 
• • 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
 t 
a 
i 
• 
• 
i 
• • 
i 
I 
t 
I. I I••
.. ../ 
• 
1• 
/ 
.,, 
...... 
i ......,•
 I 
„ 
.. 
•_•_—_-....... 
...a 
\ 
•• 
i 
...
• 
----- te 
•‘• 
• 
• 
...• 
• 
• 
•• 
, 
• 
'•••• 
• % 
• 
\‘ 
• 
•• •-• 
• 
•
, -.1# 
• ... 
♦ 
S_ 
• 
• 
• 
••• 
, 
, 
/ 
• 
• 
NC • , 
I 
• 
• 
, 
• 
•... 
%
♦, 
/ 
.... • 
• • 
• 
• 
‘... •,.. 
,./.....-.\• 
if
 .....
 ..... 
• 
•., •,„ •• 
, 
I 
• • 
, 
... 
• 
• • 
•
, 
• 
• 
..? 
i 
•• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
I 
•, 
N. 
• 
• 1 , 1••  •I 
I 1 
♦• • 
. 
, 
• 
• • 
• p 
•• 
• 
..\•„, 
I t 
I t 
• 
% 
• • • 
• 
• 
•, 
Ve 
• 
I 
• 
c r._ 
„ 
\ • • 
\ ,::::•„:) Ill\ _.........• 
• 
, 
If te. 
•• ..... 
•-• 
• • 
•,„... 
• 
• 
• 
• • • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
♦ 
• 
• 
• 
•, 
• 
• 
• 
•, 
• 
•.„ 
I 
• 
• 
• 
.
.
.
This official copy is incomplete without the preceding notes page. 
EFTA00806914

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806915.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S APPENDIX IN 
SUPPORT OF HIS REVISED OMNIBUS MOTION IN LIMINE 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") files this Appendix in support of 
his revised Omnibus Motion in Limine. Epstein will supplement this Appendix to attach the actual 
documents and testimony cited herein and in his revised Motion: 
I. 
DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION CITED OR REFERRED TO IN EPSTEIN'S 
COMPLAINT 
A. 
RRA Dissolution Proceeding 
On November 2, 2009, Stuart Rosenfeldt and Edwards' firm, Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, 
P.A. ("RRA"), sued Scott Rothstein for dissolution and for an emergency transfer of corporate 
powers to Rosenfeldt. The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on November 3, 2009. In their 
amended complaint, the plaintiffs said that "the attorneys of Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A. have 
learned that Scott W. Rothstein, the managing partner and CEO of the firm, has, according to 
assertions of certain investors, allegedly orchestrated a substantial misappropriation of funds from 
investor trust accounts that made use of the law firm's name." (15th Jud. Cir. Case No. 50-2009-
EFTA00806915
--- PAGE 2 ---
CA-040800-XXXX-MB DE-5 Ex. 2 at 1.) The complaint asserted that the firm's "innocent 
attorneys and staff of the firm [we]re not implicated in this controversy[.]" (Id. at 2.) The 
complaint alleged that "some [firm] investors allege that Defendant Rothstein may have been 
fabricating non-existent structured legal settlements for sale to investors." (Id. at 4.) The 
complaint also alleged that Rothstein's "allegedly improper activities were done without any 
knowledge of the other attorneys at the firm, and, in fact, Rothstein actively endeavored to hide 
the existence of the scheme." (Id.) 
B. 
Cited News Coverage: November 3-6,2009 
On November 3, 2009, the South Florida Sun-Sentinel printed an article entitled "Scott 
Rothstein's investment deals seemed too good to be true." Sally Kestin, Jon Burstein & Brittany 
Wallman, Scott Rothstein's investment deals seemed too good to be true, S. Fla. Sun-Sentinel, 
Nov. 3, 2009.' The Sun-Sentinel reported that "Rothstein attracted investors by promising huge 
returns and selling settlements he said he'd reached in sex discrimination and whistle-blower cases, 
documents he gave prospective clients show." Id. The Sun-Sentinel quoted Alan Sakowitz, "a 
Miami lawyer and developer[] [who] told the Sun Sentinel he had met with Rothstein as a potential 
investor three times, but quickly became suspicious. `I was convinced it was all a Ponzi scheme 
and I notified the FBI in detail how Scotty was hiding behind a legitimate law firm to peddle fake 
settlements,' Sakowitz said." Id. According to the Sun-Sentinel, a "spokesman for Banyan Income 
Fund, an investment group that collected $65 million and invested an undisclosed amount with 
Rothstein, said it contacted federal prosecutors in recent days with concerns about 'suspicious 
activity.'" Id. The Sun-Sentinel interviewed Rosenfeldt, who told the newspaper that "several of 
Available at http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/2009-11-03/news/sfi-rothstein-investment-plan-
I I sbnov03 1 scott-rothstein-stuart-rosenfeldt-firm. 
EFTA00806916
--- PAGE 3 ---
[his] co-workers may have done work for [Rothstein's] investment business without realizing its 
scope or nature." Id. The Sun-Sentinel reported that it had obtained "Rothstein's confidential 
offerings," which "describe[d] extremely high-paying but largely unregulated investment 
opportunities," one of which "offered investors a 36 percent return in three months, far more than 
the troubled stock and bond markets." Id. Sakowitz told the Sun-Sentinel that "Rothstein boasted 
of having sophisticated eavesdropping equipment and that former cops would sift through potential 
defendants' garbage," that "Rothstein claimed to have a `huge volume of cases, an employer 
sleeping with the secretary or receptionist,'" and that Rothstein claimed he "offered his clients a 
way to avoid waiting for the [settlement] money by giving them a lesser amount, but in a lump 
sum up front[.]" Id. The Sun-Sentinel said that, according to Rothstein's offering documents, 
RRA "sought out sexual discrimination and whistle-blower cases and used former cops to dig up 
incriminating evidence," "the firm urged the targets of the claims to pay a settlement without a 
public lawsuit," "c[t]hese types of cases are highly confidential and thus, quite lucrative, because 
the defendants place a high premium on keeping the details of the case confidential,' and investors 
"would receive the full settlement amount in three to 12 months, with a guaranteed minimum 20 
percent return[.]" 
On November 6, 2009, the New Times Broward-Pain Beach printed an article entitled 
"Scott Rothstein: The Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton Ploy." Bob Norman, Scott Rothstein: The 
Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton Ploy, New Times Broward-Palm Beach, Nov. 6, 2009.2 According 
to the New Times, "[o]ne way" that Rothstein enticed investors "was by tricking [them] into 
believing that his firm was representing numerous underaged girls who had sex with Palm Beach 
Available at http://www.browardpalmbeach.com/news/scott-rothstein-the-jeffrey-epstein-and-
bill-clinton-ploy-6471700. 
EFTA00806917
--- PAGE 4 ---
billionaire and convicted child sex offender Jeffrey Epstein." Id. The New Times reported that 
"Rothstein claimed that he had flight logs showing that Epstein flew extremely prominent people, 
including former President Bill Clinton, on his private jet with some of the plaintiffs" and that 
Rothstein "told investors that Epstein, Clinton, and other celebrities involved basically had no 
choice but to settle these cases and that it was a veritable treasure-trove." Id. The New Times said 
that investors "then ponied up millions to invest in the settlements, pay out a portion of those 
settlements to the victims, and pocket the rest," but Rothstein was "fabricating the story" and there 
was "no indication that the former president, who was at one time a real friend of Epstein's, and 
other celebrity names bandied about by Rothstein were involved in any way." Id. 
The New Times quoted "Fort Lauderdale attorney Bill Scherer, who [wa]s representing 
multiple Rothstein investors.... 'He used the [Epstein case] as a showpiece, as bait,' said Scherer. 
'That's the way he raised all the money. He would use legitimate cases as bait for luring investors 
into fictional cases. All the cases he allegedly structured were fictional. I don't believe there was 
a real one in there.' Id. The New Times mentioned "one legitimate case involving Epstein and 
an underaged girl" involving RRA; identified William Berger, not Edwards, as the attorney 
handling the matter; and reported that "[s]ources sa[id] they believe[d] Berger wasn't involved in 
Rothstein's scam." Id. A source described the Epstein fabrications as "one of Rothstein's more 
profitable creations," and told the New Times to"' [t]hink of the legitimate Epstein civil case as a 
car on the road, .. . [t]hen think of that car driving off the road onto heavy terrain and kicking into 
four-wheel drive. That's what happened here, and Rothstein was at the wheel.' Id. 
C. 
The Government's Civil Asset Forfeiture Complaint 
On November 9, 2009, the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of 
Florida filed a civil forfeiture action against certain property of Rothstein. The complaint said 
Rothstein "and others" had been operating a Ponzi scheme since 2005. (S.D. Fla. Case No. 0:09-
EFTA00806918
--- PAGE 5 ---
cv-61780-WJZ DE-1 I 13.) The Government alleged that Rothstein had told potential investors 
that his firm had negotiated settlements between its clients and would-be defendants and that, 
under the terms of these settlements, the firm's clients would receive substantial payments in 
exchange for not filing "civil claims in sexual harassment and other labor-related cases." (Id. 
I 14.) Rothstein offered investors an opportunity to purchase these settlements at a discount. (Id.) 
The firm's clients would receive less money, but they would be paid immediately in a lump sum. 
(Id.) Over time, the investors would receive the full value of the clients' settlements. (Id.) The 
problem, the Government alleged, was that the settlements were not real. (Id. 1 15.) Rothstein 
used new investors' money to pay older investors the money they were supposed to receive from 
the phony settlements they thought they had purchased. (Id.) 
D. 
Referenced News Coverage: November 12, 2009 
On November 12, 2009, the South Florida Sun-Sentinel printed an article entitled "FBI 
doubts Rothstein ran a Ponzi scheme alone." Sally Kestin and Peter Franceschina, FBI doubts 
Rothstein ran a Ponzi scheme alone, S. Fla. Sun-Sentinel, Nov. 12, 2009.3 The Sun-Sentinel 
reported that "Nile FBI confirmed Thursday what many have speculated since the Scott Rothstein 
scandal broke: The flashy lawyer could not have defrauded investors of hundreds of millions 
without help. `I do not believe that this was a one-man show,' said John Gillies, head of the FBI 
in South Florida." Id. 
E. 
The Investors' Complaint 
On November 20, 2009, William Scherer, the attorney quoted in the New Times article on 
November 6, 2009, sued Rothstein, David Boden, Debra Villegas, Andrew Barnett, TD Bank, 
Available at http:// http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/2009-11-12/live/fl-rothstein-associates-
20091112 1 rothstein-rosenfeldt-adler-scott-rothstein-alan-sakowitz. 
EFTA00806919
--- PAGE 6 ---
N.A., Frank Spinosa, Jennifer Kerstetter, Rosanne Caretsky, and Frank Preve on behalf of 
investors Razorback Funding, LLC, D3 Capital Club, LLC, BFMC Investment, LLC, Linda Von 
Allmen (as trustee of the Von Allmen Dynasty Trust), D&L Partners, LP, and Dean Kretschmar. 
(17th Jud. Cir. Case No. 062009CA062943AXXXCE DE-3.) The plaintiffs alleged Rothstein had 
"devised an elaborate plan to assign putative plaintiffs' confidential settlements with structured 
payments to investors at a lump sum discounted rate. In reality, while some of the cases relied 
upon to induce investor funding were real, all of the confidential settlements were purely 
fabricated. Indeed, returns to earlier investors were not made via structured payments, but instead 
were made with the principal obtained from later investors—a classic Ponzi scheme." (Id. ¶ 2.) 
The plaintiffs further alleged that "[i]nvestors were told that the Principal Conspirators had an 
extensive in-house private investigative team, including former F.B.I. and C.I.A. agents, whose 
singular task was to obtain compromising evidence against high-profile putative defendants. 
Rothstein's story was that the evidence and surveillance acquired, often supporting civil causes of 
action ranging from sexual harassment to mass tort cover-ups to whistle-blower claims, was 
presented to the putative defendant who was then offered an opportunity to avoid litigation and 
the negative publicity associated therewith by agreeing to resolve the matter voluntarily by and 
through a confidential settlement with the putative plaintiff." (Id. 1 28.) The investors alleged that 
"Rothstein would show investors the purported settlement agreement in an attempt to substantiate 
the deal; however, because the settlements were pre-suit and confidential, the names of the putative 
plaintiffs and putative defendants were redacted." (Id. ¶ 34.) 
The investors further alleged "the purported settlements, albeit fraudulent, were based on 
actual cases being handled by RRA"—including one of Edwards' cases against Epstein: 
One of the settlements involved herein was based upon facts surrounding Jeffrey 
Epstein, the infamous billionaire financier. 
In fact, RRA did have inside 
EFTA00806920
--- PAGE 7 ---
information due to its representation of one of Epstein's alleged victims in a civil 
case styled Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein, pending in the Southern District of Florida. 
Representatives of D3 were offered "the opportunity" to invest in a pre-suit 
$30,000,000.00, court settlement against Epstein arising from the same set of 
operative facts as the Jane Doe case, but involving a different underage female 
plaintiff. . . . To augment his concocted story Rothstein invited D3 to his office to 
view the thirteen banker's boxes of actual case files in Jane Doe in order to 
demonstrate that the claims against Epstein were legitimate and that the evidence 
against Epstein was real. In particular, Rothstein claimed that his investigative 
team discovered that there were high-profile witnesses onboard Epstein's private 
jet where some of the alleged sexual assaults took place and showed D3 copies of 
a flight log purportedly containing names of celebrities, dignitaries and 
international figures. 
Because of these potentially explosive facts, putative 
defendant Epstein had allegedly offered $200,000,000.00 for settlement of the 
claims held by various young women who were his victims. Adding fuel to the 
fire, the investigative team representative privately told a D3 representative that 
they found three additional claimants which Rothstein did not yet know about. . . . 
Additionally, Rothstein used RBA's representation in the Epstein case to pursue 
issues and evidence unrelated to the underlying litigation, but potentially beneficial 
to lure investors into the Ponzi scheme. For instance, RRA relentlessly pursued 
flight data and passenger manifests regarding flights Epstein took with other 
famous individuals knowing full well that no under age women were on board and 
no illicit activities took place. RRA also inappropriately attempted to take the 
depositions of these celebrities in a deliberate effort to bolster Rothstein's lies. 
(Id. ¶¶ 40-41.) 
The investors also alleged that, "even after Rothstein's October 27, 2009 departure to 
Morocco, millions of dollars continued to flow out of RRA accounts from the Fort Lauderdale TD 
Bank accounts, indicative of an insider(s) maintaining operations of the Ponzi scheme." (Id. 
102c.) The investors further alleged that "[a] Ponzi scheme cannot be operated without insider 
help. Plaintiffs believe that additional members of RRA, including its non-lawyer investigators, 
were used by Rothstein to perpetuate, promote and facilitate the Ponzi scheme. The details of 
these individualt ] or entities['] involvement¶ and participation is presently unknown but further 
allegations and counts will be added as discovery is conducted and information concerning the 
complicity of these individuals or entities is confirmed." (Id. ¶ 103.) 
EFTA00806921
--- PAGE 8 ---
F. 
Cited News Coverage: November 24, 2009 
On November 24, 2009, The Miami Herald printed an article entitled "Feds: Scott 
Rothstein Ponzi scheme paid salaries at law firm." Jay Weaver & Scott Hiaasen, Feds: Scott 
Rothstein Ponzi scheme paid salaries at law firm, The Miami Herald, Nov. 24, 2009. According 
to the article, "Rothstein's law firm generated revenue of $8 million in one recent year, yet his 70-
lawyer firm had a payroll of $18 million, prosecutors said. Rothstein, who owned half of Rothstein 
Rosenfeldt Adler, used investors' money from his Ponzi scheme to make up the shortfall, they 
said." Id. The article further reported that "[t]he civil forfeiture is based on money-laundering 
allegations that Rothstein amassed his fortune by defrauding investors, prosecutors said. Investors 
bought shares in his fabricated confidential settlements from employment-discrimination and other 
civil cases during the past four years — investments that promised returns of up to 40 percent." Id. 
G. 
Amended Complaints Filed By The Government & Investors 
On November 23, 2009, and November 27, 2009, the United States Attorney's Office for 
the Southern District of Florida filed amended civil forfeiture complaints against Rothstein's 
property. (S.D. Fla. Case No. 0:09-cv-61780-WJZ DE-14, DE-19.) The Government again 
alleged that Rothstein "and others" had been running a Ponzi scheme. See id. 
Scherer filed an amended complaint on behalf of the investor plaintiffs on November 25, 
2009. (See 17th Jud. Cir. Case No. 062009CA062943AXXXCE DE-12.) The amended complaint 
quoted a November 23, 2009, interview of Rothstein by the Sun-Sentinel: "Rothstein . . . stated 
that `karma has caught up with him, but it will catch up with others too . . . You're in a town full 
of thieves, and at the end of the day, everyone will see. I'll leave it at that."~4 (Id. ¶ 7.) The 
The amended complaint misquotes the article slightly. 'You're hurting my daughter, you're 
hurting my son,' [Rothstein] said. (Rothstein has a biological daughter who is 16, and the son he's 
talking about is someone he took on as a sort of mentor, he said this summer.) `Haven't I already 
hurt them enough?' he asked, before delivering a final `message' and hanging up. He called back 
EFTA00806922
--- PAGE 9 ---
plaintiffs did not amend their allegations concerning the cases against Epstein. (See generally 17th 
Jud. Cir. Case No. 062009CA062943AXXXCE DE-12.) 
H. 
Rothstein Arrested; Criminal Information 
On December 1, 2009, the FBI arrested Rothstein and the United States Attorney's Office 
for the Southern District of Florida filed a criminal information against him. The information 
identified RRA as a criminal enterprise. (S.D. Fla. Case No. 0:09-cr-60331-JIC DE-1 ¶ 2.) The 
government alleged that, from 2005 until November 2009, Rothstein and others had engaged in a 
pattern of racketeering activity that included mail fraud, wire fraud, money laundering, and 
conspiracy to launder money. (Id. ¶¶ 3-4.) According to the Government, Rothstein and his 
unidentified co-conspirators had operated a Ponzi scheme and obtained $1.2 billion from investors 
by fraud. (Id. ¶ 6.) The Government repeated its allegations that Rothstein had lied to investors, 
had told them that his firm had settled certain sexual harassment and whistleblower cases on behalf 
of its clients and obtained sizeable payouts, and had offered investors the opportunity to purchase 
these phony settlements at a discount. (Id. 1110-11.) The Government alleged that Rothstein and 
his co-conspirators had "created false and fictitious documents, including confidential settlement 
agreements," and "made false statements to current investors in order to convince them to re-invest 
in additional purported confidential settlement agreements." (Id. ¶¶ 21, 23.) 
II. 
EPSTEIN'S DEPOSITION TESTIMONY AND AFFIDAVIT REGARDING 
PROBABLE CAUSE 
A. 
Epstein Deposition—March 17, 2010 
Epstein testified as follows: 
this evening, responding to a text message. He said karma is going to get him, but it's going to 
get other people, too. `You're in a town full of thieves, and at the end of the day, everyone will 
see. I'll leave it at that.'" Brittany Wallman, Scott Rothstein: "You're in a town full of thieves", 
S. Fla. Sun-Sentinel, Nov. 23, 2009. Available at http://www.sun-sentinel.corn/sfl-mtblog-2009-
11-scott rothstein havent_i_hurt-stoty.html. 
EFTA00806923
--- PAGE 10 ---
Q. 
Why are you suing L.M.? 
A. 
L.M. is part of a conspiracy with Scott Rothstein, Bradley Edwards, creating -- excuse me -
- creating fraudulent cases of a sexually charged nature in which the U.S. Attorney has 
already charged the firm of Rothstein, a firm of which Bradley Edwards is a partner, was 
a partner, with creating, fabricating malicious cases of a sexual nature, including cases with 
respect to me, specifically, in order to fleece unsuspecting investors in South Florida out 
of millions of dollars. 
Q. 
What role do you contend L.M. played in that conspiracy to create fraudulent cases? 
A. 
L.M.'s testimony before she met Mr. Edwards was dramatically -- sworn testimony to the 
FBI was dramatically different after she came in contact with Mr. Bradley Edwards, where 
her testimony then changed to sort of a hostile and had claims of -- claims never made 
before, never made to anyone before, and allegations that I've read in her Complaint that 
that had been dramatically different from the ones she had spoken to the FBI about, sir. 
(Tr. at 13:9-14:8.) 
Q. 
Your Complaint in this action alleges that L.M. made claims for damages out of proportion 
to her alleged damages. What does that mean? 
A. 
I believe that as part of the scheme to defraud investors in South Florida out of millions of 
dollars, claims of outrageous sums of money were made on behalf of alleged victims across 
the board. And the only way -- in fact, Scott Rothstein sits in jail. And what I've read in 
the paper, claims that I've settled cases for $200-million, which is totally not true. She has 
made claims of serious sum of money, which is outrageous. 
(Tr. at 19:7-20:1.) 
Q. 
Did Brad Edwards do anything that he shouldn't have done that forms the basis of your 
lawsuit against him? 
A. 
Yes, many things. 
Q. 
List them for me, please. 
A. 
He has -- he has gone to the media out of, I believe, in an attempt to gin up these allegations. 
He has contacted the media. He has used the media for his own purposes. He has brought 
discovery -- he has engaged in discovery proceedings that bear no relationship to any case 
filed against me by any of his clients. His firm, which he's the partner of, has been accused 
of forging a Federal Judge's signature. 
(Tr. at 23:4-19.) 
EFTA00806924
--- PAGE 11 ---
Q. 
Besides having gone to the media in an attempt to, quote, gin up, unquote, these allegations 
and engaged in what you contend to be irrelevant discovery proceedings, what else did Mr. 
Edwards, personally, do that forms the basis for this lawsuit? 
A. 
Mr. Edwards, personally, engaged with his partners, Scott Rothstein, who sits in a Federal 
jail cell, potentially for the rest of his life, he shared information, what I've been told and 
-- excuse me -- what I've read in the newspapers, 13 boxes of information that had my 
name on it, with other attorneys at his firm. He counseled his clients to maintain a position 
alleging multi-million dollar damages in order for them to scam local investors out of 
millions of dollars. He and his -- many of his other partners already under investigation by 
the FBI and the U.S. Attorney have been accused by the U.S. Attorney of running a criminal 
enterprise. 
Q. 
Anything else? 
A. 
Not [that] I can think of at the moment? 
Q. 
Okay. What media did Mr. Edwards go to? 
A. 
I am aware of at least the Daily News in New York City. I have been told by other people 
that there were other media, local media. I've been told that the -- his investigator was sent 
to California to harass people representing his -- Brad Edwards' investigator -- representing 
fictitiously, fraudulently that he was a FBI agent to try to gather information for Mr. 
Edwards' claims. 
(Tr. at 25:6-26:15.) 
Q. 
What does an investigator going to California have to do with Mr. Edwards allegedly going 
to the media in an attempt to, quote, gin up, unquote, these allegations? 
A. 
.. . It's part of Mr. Edwards' scheme to involve people who have nothing to do with any of 
his cases in order to, in fact, go back to the media and gin up his stories and make false 
allegations of people that have sexually charged nature cases in order to attempt to fleece 
investors, local investors out of millions of dollars. His firm has been accused by the U.S. 
Attorney of manipulating the media, by hiring investigators, by illegal wire taps, by illegal 
methods of eavesdropping in order to go to the media and generate cases. 
Q. 
A. 
Q. 
A. 
When did Mr. Edwards go to the Daily News? 
I don't know. 
How did he go to the Daily News? 
I don't know. 
EFTA00806925
--- PAGE 12 ---
Q. 
A. 
Q. 
What did he say to the Daily News? 
I believe Mr. Edwards knows that. I don't know exactly what he said. 
What is the source of your information that he went to the Daily News at all, ever? 
A. 
It's attorney/client. 
Q. 
You said you were told by other people that he went to other media representatives? 
A. 
Yes, sir. 
Q. 
Who are the other people that told you that? 
A. 
I don't recall at the moment. 
Q. 
What did these other people who you don't remember tell you Mr. Edwards did with 
respect to other media representatives besides the Daily News? 
A. 
Again, the question again? 
Q. 
What did these other people tell you Mr. Edwards did with respect to going to other media? 
A. 
Mr. Edwards went to the media to gin up his cases in order that the Rothstein firm could 
generate profits, falsely taking in investors, creating false stories to the local medias and 
making statements to local press regarding false claims made by his clients in order that 
Scott Rothstein, who currently sits in jail, could defraud, along with his other partners of 
his firm, local Florida investors, Mr. Scarola, out of millions of dollars. 
Q. 
When did these other people whose identity you can't remember tell you these things that 
Brad Edwards did. 
A. 
Sometime in the past year. 
Q. 
How many other people were there who told you these things about Mr. Edwards? 
A. 
I don't recall with specificity. 
Q. 
Well, do you recall in any degree how many there were? 
A. 
I would say, probably five to ten. 
Q. 
Where were you when these conversations took place that you can't -- the identity of those 
participants you can't remember? 
EFTA00806926
--- PAGE 13 ---
Mr. Pike: So we're clear, within the last year -- correct? -- timewise? 
Mr. Scarola: Well, that's what your client said. I don't believe a word he says, but that's what he 
said. 
A. 
Again, sir? 
Q. 
Yes, sir. Where did these conversations with these five to ten people take place whose 
identity you can't remember? 
A. 
On the telephone. 
Q. 
Who initiated the phone calls? 
A. 
Sir, these questions, I have no -- I don't have any recollection. 
Q. 
Did the people who were on the phone identify themselves or were these anonymous 
callers? 
A. 
Sitting here today, Mr. Scarola, I don't recall with specificity. 
Q. 
What specifically did Mr. Edwards allegedly communicate to the Daily News to quote, gin 
up these allegations, unquote? 
A. 
The newspapers have quoted Mr. Edwards -- not quoted Mr. -- newspapers have made 
allegations referred to as Mr. Edwards' statements. 
Q. 
Would you read the question back, please, Sandy? 
A. 
He alleged that third parties had already been involved in some allegations to do with 
sexual misconduct. 
Q. 
Which third parties? 
A. 
I don't recall sitting here today. 
Q. 
Involved how? 
A. 
If I recall with specificity, if I had the articles in front of me, I would be able to recall. 
Maybe next time. 
EFTA00806927
--- PAGE 14 ---
Q. 
What does "gin up these allegations" mean? 
A. 
It means craft allegations of multi-million dollar cases; in fact, alleging in L.M.'s case 
damages of $50-million, settlements in order for Scott Rothstein and the rest of Mr. 
Edwards' partners to fleece unsuspecting investors out of millions and millions of dollars 
based on cases that didn't exist or alleged cases that I had settled. 
(Tr. at 28:14-33:21.) 
Q. 
Was your reference to, quote, gin up these allegations, unquote, a reference to allegations 
made against you? 
A. 
As part of the vast conspiracy of the Rothstein firm and Mr. Edwards' participation in it, it 
has been alleged that many cases were fraudulently brought -- alleged that have been 
brought; ginned up, meaning, crafted, multi-million dollar numbers put on cases in order 
to fleece investors, where his partner, Scott Rothstein, currently sits in jail for just those 
purposes, Mr. Scarola. 
Q. 
My question to you is: Did the reference to, quote, gin up these allegations refer to 
allegations against you? 
A. 
Reported in the newspaper the answer is, yes. And others, but specifically me, yes, by the 
newspaper reports. 
(Tr. at 34:3-22.) 
Q. 
What specific discovery proceedings did Mr. Edwards engage in which you contend form 
the basis for your lawsuit? 
A. 
The discovery proceedings of bringing my attorneys to various people that had nothing to 
do with any of his clients or these lawsuits. 
Q. 
Which various people? Who? 
A. 
For example, he tried to depose Bill Clinton, strictly as a means of getting publicity so that 
he and his firm could fraudulently steal, craft money from unsuspecting investors in South 
Florida out of millions of dollars. 
(Tr. at 36:10-23.) 
Q. 
You said something about Mr. Edwards sharing 13 boxes of information with somebody --
A. 
Yes. 
EFTA00806928
--- PAGE 15 ---
Q. 
-- as forming part of the basis for your lawsuit against Mr. Edwards, correct? 
A. 
Correct. 
Q. 
All right. With whom did Mr. Edwards share these 13 boxes of information? 
A. 
It has been reported in the Scherer Complaint that he shared those boxes with the partners of 
his firm that was then formally accused by the U.S. Attorney, sir, of being a criminal 
enterprise. 
Q. 
Do you remember my question? 
A. 
You asked me who he shared it with? 
Q. 
Yes. 
A. 
The partners of his firm, sir. 
Q. 
Okay. So part of the basis of your lawsuit is that Mr. Edwards allowed members of his own 
law firm to see 13 boxes of information; is that correct? 
A. 
No, that's not correct. My claim is that the 13 boxes of information that were shown to 
investors by Mr. Edwards' partners, 13 boxes that we've been told by the press contain 
multiple cases, fraudulently -- and if you like the word -- fabricated in order to fleece 
investors out of money. The 13 boxes were shared with investors, Mr. Edwards, Mr. 
Edwards' partners and some of those partners currently under indi[ct]ment, the others 
already sitting in jail. 
(Tr. at 37:18-38:22.) 
Q. 
Which newspaper said which case was fabricated? 
A. 
Bob Norman's blog said most of the cases were fabricated, to my best recollection. The 
Scherer complaint alleged many fabricated cases, sir. 
(Tr. at 39:7-12.) 
Q. 
Among the allegations of wrongdoing against Mr. Edwards which you contend form the 
basis of this lawsuit is something having to do with sending an investigator to California. 
Would you tell me, please, more specifically what it is that Mr. Edwards did with regard 
to sending an investigator to California which you contend justifies a legal claim against 
Mr. Edwards[?] 
A. 
Reported widely in the newspapers is the use of illegal activities, wire taps, and methods by 
the Rothstein firm while Mr. Edwards had basically been bringing these cases. The 
EFTA00806929
--- PAGE 16 ---
investigator, Mr. Fisten, who's mentioned in the Complaint, represented himself as an FBI 
agent, falsely represented himself as an FBI agent. 
Q. 
Do you have any personal knowledge of anything that Mr. Fisten did while Mr. Fisten was 
in California? 
A. 
I'm sorry. Based on attorney/client privilege, I can't answer. 
(Tr. at 48:9-49:11.) 
Q. 
Is it your contention that Mr. Edwards was involved in an illegal wire tap? 
A. 
It was widely reported in the newspaper --
Q. 
I'm not asking [ifJ it was reported --
A. 
Excuse me. 
Q. 
-- in the newspaper. 
A. 
Excuse me. 
Q. 
I want to know whether your contention is that Mr. Edwards was involved in an illegal wire 
tap. 
A. 
It's been widely reported in the newspaper that his firm and his partners were involved in 
illegal wire taps, eavesdropping, hired former FBI and law enforcement officials in order 
to fabricate cases of a sexually charged nature against me and others. 
Q. 
Do you have any personal knowledge of Mr. Edwards ever having engaged in any illegal 
wire tap? 
A. 
I have no personal knowledge; however, what I read in the newspapers and is widely 
reported is that his firm, and I believe Mr. Sakowitz went to the FBI after he was told that 
the firm was engaged in illegal wire taps and his partners were engaged in illegal wire taps. 
The FBI, the U.S. Attorney has accused his firm of RICO, being the largest criminal fraud 
enterprise in South Florida's history and engaged in illegal wire taps. But the answer 
specifically to your question about personal knowledge, sir, no. 
Q. 
Do you have any personal knowledge of Mr. Edwards ever having been involved in any 
illegal or improper eavesdropping? 
A. 
It's been widely reported in the newspapers in South Florida that Mr. Edwards' firm, his 
partners were involved in illegal wire taps, illegal fact gathering, using what the 
newspapers quoted as sophisticated methods. Mr. Sakowitz, who was approached as an 
EFTA00806930
--- PAGE 17 ---
investor, and Mr. Scherer, who's filed a Complaint, alleges similar activities. But personal 
knowledge, myself, sir, no. 
Q. 
Do you have any personal knowledge that Bradley Edwards was ever involved in 
obstructions of justice? 
A. 
It's attorney/client privilege, I'm afraid. 
Q. 
Do you have any personal knowledge that Bradley Edwards was ever involved in any 
actionable frauds? 
A. 
.. . Outside of the newspapers, which have accused his firm of a monstrous fraud, purported 
to be the largest fraud in South Florida's history, accused by the U.S. Attorney, where his 
partner sits in jail -- excuse me -- reported in the newspapers of boxes of material on Jeffrey 
Epstein, separate and apart from the allegations of fraud by his partners, I cannot answer 
that question because of attorney/client privilege. 
Q. 
Do you have any personal knowledge that Bradley Edwards ever forged Federal Court 
Orders and/or Opinions? 
A. 
It's attorney/client privilege. 
Q. 
Do you have any personal knowledge that Bradley Edwards was ever involved in the 
marketing of non-existent Epstein settlements? 
A. 
I'm sorry. I would like to answer that question, but on attorney/client privilege I cannot 
today. 
Q. 
It is alleged in your Complaint that you were subject to, quote, abusive investigatory tactics. 
Other than those matters previously referred to in earlier questions, is it your contention 
that Bradley Edwards had any personal involvement in any other, quote, abusive 
investigatory tactics? 
A. 
It's been widely reported in the newspapers that Mr. Edwards' firm was engaged in widely 
-- wildly abusive practices throughout the State of Florida in order to fleece unsuspecting 
investors out of millions of dollars. The U.S. Attorney's Complaint alleges his firm 
engaged in a corrupt criminal enterprise. Mr. Scherer's Complaint alleges monstrous 
amounts of fraud and discovery abuse. I have no personal knowledge, separate from the 
attorney/client privileged information, regarding Mr. Edwards. 
EFTA00806931
--- PAGE 18 ---
Q. 
Do you have any personal knowledge that Bradley Edwards ever filed legal papers that 
were unsupportable? 
A. 
I'm afraid it's attorney/client privilege. 
Q. 
Do you have any personal knowledge that Mr. Edwards was ever involved in any conduct 
that, quote, compromised the core values of both State and Federal justice systems in South 
Florida? 
A. 
Can you just ask -- can you define for me what you mean by "personal knowledge," sir? 
Q. 
Yes. Did you ever see, hear, smell, taste, or touch anything that communicated to you 
directly and not through the report of some third person or newspaper that Bradley Edwards 
was personally involved in compromising the core values of both State and Federal justice 
systems in South Florida. 
Mr. Pike: Form. Same instruction with regard to attorney/client. 
A. 
Yes. Are you suggesting that anyone who told me specifically or things that I might have 
read that specifically relate to him, is not what you've been asking me for? 
Q. 
Yes, sir, that's exactly right. 
A. 
You told me if I hear something, that's not personal knowledge. 
Q. 
Not if you hear it from somebody else. 
A. 
Who else would I hear it from, besides somebody else, sir? 
Q. 
Well, if you heard it directly yourself. 
A. 
From who? 
Q. 
Maybe Mr. Edwards. 
A. 
Uh-huh. Is that the only person, sir? 
Q. 
That's the only person, that's correct. 
A. 
Well, if it's the only person, separate from attorney/client privilege, I cannot answer that. 
(Tr. at 49:13-55:22.) 
Q. 
Your Complaint makes reference to a purpose in filing this lawsuit --
EFTA00806932
--- PAGE 19 ---
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
-- to vindicate the hardworking and honest lawyers and their clients who were adversely 
affected by the misconduct that is the subject of this Complaint. 
A. 
Yes, sir. 
Q. 
Who are those hardworking and honest lawyers on whose behalf you are bringing this 
Complaint? 
A. 
Yes. The U.S. Attorney, sir, has accused the Rothstein firm of misusing the entire legal 
system, a level of abuse never seen before in the United States history, of forging 
documents, an affront to any decent lawyer, signing Judge's Orders, sending false 
statements to other lawyers. The people who have been -- excuse me -- the Complaint by 
the U.S. Attorney, in fact, describes the behavior of the law firm, as well as Mr. -- my 
Complaint says, Mr. Edwards being a part of that. 
(Tr. at 57:2-57:25.) 
Q. 
I want to know who the, quote, "hardworking and honest lawyers" are that are referred to in 
that section of your Complaint. 
A. 
My attorneys, at least, are honest. 
Q. 
Which ones? 
A. 
All of them. 
Q. 
And you say that you want to vindicate the hardworking and honest lawyers and their 
clients? 
A. 
That's correct. 
Q. 
Which clients? 
A. 
Me, some of the other clients, in fact, abused by the Rothstein firm. I don't know the full 
extent. Hopefully when we get to trial, we're going to find out the extent of the people, 
the lawyers, the clients that were abused by Mr. Edwards and the Rothstein firm. We have 
asked for Scott Rothstein's deposition. We hopefully will get it. Maybe he will give us 
some insight on how other lawyers have, in fact, been handled and the abuses they've 
undergone, including forging a Federal Judge's signature, sir. 
(Tr. at 59:11-25.) 
Q. 
And did you mean to say what this sentence says, "the Rothstein racketeering enterprise 
endeavored to vindicate the hardworking and honest lawyers and their clients, who were 
adversely affected by the misconduct that is the subject of this Complaint?" 
EFTA00806933
--- PAGE 20 ---
Mr. Pike: Okay. I'm going to move to strike. Mischaracterizes the language of the document. 
The document reads as follows, for purposes of the record: "The Rothstein racketeering 
enterprise endeavored to compromise the core values of both State and Federal justice 
systems in South Florida and to vindicate the hardworking and honest lawyers and their 
clients who were adversely affected by the misconduct that is the subject of this 
Complaint." 
Q. 
Is that what you meant to say? 
A. 
What I meant to say, it is -- seems to me somewhat unclear -- is that the Rothstein firm, 
along with Mr. Edwards, is part of a criminal enterprise, the largest -- excuse me -- the 
largest criminal enterprise in South Florida's history, forging Judges' signatures, engaging 
in illegal wire taps, illegal behaviors. And part of this lawsuit should vindicate, which 
means, I believe should set right. And if it's not clear, the Rothstein firm compromised the 
core values of our legal justice system. It abused every -- many of the precepts, the most 
basic values of the American justice system. And, in fact, I believe this lawsuit, part of the 
reason for filing this lawsuit, it will disclose the various techniques of attorney/client 
privilege, abuse of technique, abuse of discovery, illegal wire taps, forging signatures 
engaged in by both Mr. Edwards and his firm. 
Q. 
A. 
Q. 
So it is your contention that Mr. Edwards was part of a criminal enterprise? 
Yes, it is. 
Knowingly part of a criminal enterprise? 
A. 
Attorney/client privilege. 
(Tr. at 62:13-64:3.) 
Q. 
What knowledge do you have of Brad Edwards ever having personally engaged in mail 
fraud? 
A. 
It's been widely reported in the press. 
Q. 
I'm going to withdraw my question. What person knowledge do you have of Bradley 
Edwards ever having been engaged in any mail fraud? 
A. 
Will you describe what you mean by "personal knowledge," sir? 
Q. 
I mean direct observation through your senses on your part. 
A. 
So are you asking me whether or not I've witnessed him sending something directly, 
putting physically in the mail, sir? 
EFTA00806934
--- PAGE 21 ---
Q. 
I'm asking whether you have ever personally witnessed Bradley Edwards ever having 
engaged in mail fraud. 
A. 
I'm not sure how that's possible for anybody to witness a mail fraud, so would you inform 
me how it's done? 
Q. 
So the answer to my question is, you don't know; is that correct? 
A. 
My answer to your question is -- . I've asked for a clarification. 
Q. 
Have you ever personally witnessed Bradley Edwards engaging in mail fraud? 
A. 
No, sir. 
Q. 
Have you ever personally witnessed Bradley Edward -- Edwards engaged in wire fraud? 
A. 
How would one -- I'm not sure how anyone would personal -- have personal knowledge, 
witness someone engaging in wire fraud, unless they were simply sitting over their 
computer looking at their bank accounts. So, unfortunately, I would have to say, no, sir. 
Q. 
Have you ever personally witnessed Bradley Edwards engaged in money laundering? 
A. 
Again, sir, the U.S. Attorney's Complaint of the Rothstein firm alleges money laundering, 
wire fraud, mail fraud, RICO claims of Mr. Edwards' partners and his firm, calling the firm 
the largest criminal enterprise in South Florida's history, accused of fabricating malicious 
cases, sir, of a sexually charged nature in order to fleece unsuspecting South Floridians out 
of millions of dollars. 
Q. 
And I'm trying to find out, Mr. Epstein, whether you have any evidence whatsoever that 
Mr. Edwards ever personally participated in any of that wrongdoing? 
A. 
I'm afraid it will be attorney/client privilege, sir. 
Q. 
Do you have any evidence -- knowledge of any evidence whatsoever that Mr. Edwards ever 
participated in any effort to market any kind of investment in anything? 
A. 
I would have to claim attorney/client privilege on that, sir. 
Q. 
Do you have knowledge of any evidence whatsoever that Mr. Edwards was ever a 
participant in devising a plan through which were sold purported confidential assignments 
of a structured payout settlement? 
EFTA00806935
--- PAGE 22 ---
A. 
The newspapers and blogs have widely reported that Mr. Edwards' firm crafted -- would 
you repeat the question for me, again, sir? I'm sorry. 
Q. 
Yes, sir. I want to know whether you have any knowledge of evidence that Bradley 
Edwards personally ever participated in devising a plan through which were sold purported 
confidential assignments of a structured payout settlement? 
A. 
I'd like to answer that question by saying that the newspapers have reported that his firm 
was engaged in fraudulent structured settlements in order to fleece unsuspecting Florida 
investors. With respect to my personal knowledge, I'm unfortunately going to, today, but 
I look forward to at some point being able to disclose it, today I'm going to have to assert 
the attorney/client privilege. 
Q. 
Your Complaint alleges that Rothstein and others in RRA were using RRA to market 
investments. Who are the others referred to in the Complaint? 
A. 
From my understanding of the U.S. Attorney's Complaint, from Mr. Scherer's Complaint, 
it is the partners and people who held themselves out to be partners of the Roth -- Scott 
Rothstein, including Mr. Berger, Mr. Adler, Mr. Edwards and other people associated with 
the firm like Mr. Fisten, Diane Villegas, if that's how you pronounce her name, Russell 
Adler, and many of the other partners of his firm currently under investigation by either 
the Florida Bar or the U.S. Attorney or FBI or all of the above, sir. 
Q. 
Which -- which source of information referenced in that answer specifically made 
reference to Mr. Edwards? 
A. 
I don't recall, sir. 
Q. 
But you do have a recollection that one or more of them did: is that correct? 
A. 
I don't recall, sir. 
(Tr. at 64:20-69:6.) 
Q. 
Did anyone ever sift through your garbage looking for damaging evidence? 
A. 
It's been widely reported in the newspapers, sir, that the Rothstein firm engaged in sifting 
through many people's garbage in order -- in an attempt to blackmail them. 
(Tr. at 74:5-10.) 
Q. 
Yes. I'd like to know what the answer to that question is. Did anyone ever sift through your 
garbage looking for damaging evidence? 
A. 
I don't know. 
EFTA00806936
--- PAGE 23 ---
(Tr. at 74:4—8.) 
Q. 
Do you have any information indicating that Bradley Edwards ever had any knowledge of 
anyone associated with the Rothstein firm holding meetings during which, quote, "false 
statements were made about the number of cases/clients that existed or RRA had against 
Epstein and the value thereof," unquote? 
A. 
My best recollection is the U.S. Attorney has accused the Rothstein firm of just those types 
of meetings where the partners got together, schemed to defraud local investors of millions 
of dollars by fabricating cases of a sexually charged nature. And whether Mr. Edwards 
personally participated, I'm going to at least today, sir, have to assert the attorney/client 
privilege, but look forward to one day disclosing it. 
(Tr. at 76:24-77:15.) 
Q. 
A. 
Q. 
Paragraph 23 of your Complaint says that: "RRA, Rothstein and Edwards, claiming the 
need for anonymity with regard to existing or fabricated clients, they were able to 
effectively use initials," et cetera. Do you have any knowledge that Bradley Edwards 
fabricated a client to bring a claim against you? 
I believe Mr. Scherer's Complaint --
I'm not asking about Mr. Scherer's Complaint. I'm not asking about any evidence that you 
have. 
A. 
The pleadings of Mr. Scherer and his claim against the Rothstein firm for a massive fraud, 
as well as Mr. Sakowitz's claims to -- at least in the -- described in the public press, because 
he went to the FBI, for fabricating cases that included initials. With respect to anything 
specific with Mr. Edwards, I'm going to have to claim the attorney/client privilege today, 
sir. 
Q. 
Do you have any -- do you have knowledge of the existence of any evidence that Bradley 
Edwards knew that Rothstein was utilizing RRA as a front for a Ponzi scheme? 
A. 
That's attorney/client privilege. 
Q. 
Do you have any knowledge of any evidence that would indicate Bradley Edwards should 
have known that Rothstein was utilizing RRA as a front for a Ponzi scheme? 
EFTA00806937
--- PAGE 24 ---
A. 
And today I'm going to have to assert the attorney/client privilege. . . . Separate from the 
communication I've had with my attorneys, I can't answer that question. 
(Tr. at 77:19—80:6.) 
Q. 
Do you have any evidence that Brad Edwards sold, allowed to be sold and/or assisted with 
the sale of an interest in non-settled personal injury lawsuits? 
A. 
The newspapers have widely reported that the Rothstein firm engaged in illegal structured 
settlements of cases of a sexual nature, including specifically, me. We have subpoenaed 
the documents from Mr. Edwards and his firm and we have not been able to get them as of 
yet. I am confident that once we do, I will be able to answer your questions with more 
specificity. 
As you sit here today, do you have any evidence whatsoever to support an assertion that 
Bradley Edwards, individually and personally, sold, allowed to be sold and/or assisted with 
the sale of an interest in non-settled personal injury lawsuits? 
Q. 
A. 
You said, allowed to be sold. I'm going to assert attorney/client privilege to the answer, 
I'm afraid, but I'd like to answer that question. 
Q. 
Do you have knowledge of any evidence indicating that Bradley Edwards ever reached 
agreements to share attorney's fees with non-lawyers? 
A. 
In fact, Mr. Scarola, we have subpoenaed Mr. Edwards' documents and documents from 
his firm that I believe will, in fact, give me more specificity with the answers to that 
question. I'm looking forward to getting the -- that specific evidence. With respect to what 
we currently know, sitting here today, I'm unfortunately going to have to claim my 
attorney/client privilege. 
Do you today have any evidence to support an assertion that Bradley Edwards ever used 
investor money to pay L.M., E.W., and/or Jane Doe up-front money, such that they would 
refuse to settle civil actions? 
Q. 
A. 
I'm going to have to assert the attorney/client privilege, I'm afraid, though I'd like to 
answer that question as well, sir. 
Q. 
Do you have any evidence to support the assertion that Bradley Edwards conducted 
searches, wire taps or intercepted conversations in violation of State or Federal laws and 
Bar rules? 
EFTA00806938
--- PAGE 25 ---
A. 
Your question, once again asked did Mr. -- was Mr. Edwards personally involved in the 
eavesdropping? Did he walk to someone's house and sort of put a bug in their house? Did 
he, personally, stand outside? The question is, did Mr. Edwards' firm engage in this 
behavior in an attempt to defraud local investors out of millions of dollars? The U.S. 
attorney has filed a Complaint saying that they did. The Complaints filed by Scherer saying 
that his firm did. The Scherer Complaint says my name and the boxes of files that we've 
subpoenaed used my name, sir. We have requested information, but up until today have 
not received any. To give you a more specific answer, I'm afraid I cannot. 
Q. 
Do you have knowledge of any evidence that Bradley Edwards ever conducted searches, 
wire taps or intercepted conversations in violation of State or Federal laws and Bar rules? 
A. 
The newspapers and the U.S. Attorney's Complaint widely reported that Mr. Edwards' firm 
and people hired by his firm, investigators hired by his firm fraudulently representing 
themselves as FBI agents engaged in just those activities, sir. 
Q. 
Do you have any knowledge of any evidence that Bradley Edwards was ever aware of any 
such activities. 
A. 
I'm going to have to -- . . . assert the attomey/client privilege to that, sir. 
Q. 
Do you have any knowledge that Bradley Edwards ever participated in or was aware of 
actions that utilized the judicial process, including, but not limited to, unreasonable and 
unnecessary discovery for the sole purpose of furthering a Ponzi scheme? 
A. 
The pleadings of Mr. Scherer with respect to the largest Ponzi scheme in South Florida's 
history engaged in by Mr. Edwards' firm and Scott Rothstein, who currently sits in jail, 
probably for the rest of his life for engaging in, not only illegal wire taps and 
eavesdropping, but an abuse of the entire legal system, I believe speaks for itself. 
Unfortunately, with respect to Mr. Edwards today, I'm going to have to assert the 
attomey/client, work privilege, sir. 
Q. 
Is it your contention that Mr. Scherer's Complaint even contains the name Bradley 
Edwards? 
A. 
I don't recall, sir. 
(Tr. at 83:11-88:18.) 
Q. 
What are the damages that you claim to have suffered as a consequence of any wrongdoing 
on the part of Bradley Edwards? 
A. 
The cost of ridiculous litigation, of having my attorneys prepare responses to wildly 
irrelevant discovery in various locations at a minimum, sir. 
EFTA00806939
--- PAGE 26 ---
Q. 
Which lawyers? 
A. 
Burman Critton, Jack Goldberger, and a bunch of the others, sir. 
Q. 
Which ones? Name them for me, please. 
A. 
Specifically -- I have so many lawyers defending me here against Mr. Edwards, I can't sit 
here -- at the moment I can't recall it with specificity. 
Q. 
You don't remember any of your lawyers' names? 
A. 
Uh, I do. 
Q. 
Besides Mr. -- besides the Burman Critton firm and Mr. Goldberger? 
A. 
Are you asking me for the firm, sir, or are you asking me for the names? 
Q. 
I want as much information as you can give me about this element of damage which you 
claim; and, that is, the cost of legal services that you claim to be damages in this case. 
A. 
Okay. . . . Mr. Roy Black. 
Q. 
Okay. Who else? 
A. 
Mr. Marty Weinberger. Mr. Alan Dershowitz. Mr. Jay Lefkowitz. The firm of Burman 
Critton Luttier. That's it for the moment. 
Q. 
How much have you paid the law firm of Burman Critton and Luttier which you claim is 
damages? 
A. 
Hundreds of thousands of dollars, sir. 
Q. 
How much? 
A. 
I don't have that figure offhand. 
Q. 
Can you give us any better figure than hundreds of thousands of dollars? 
A. 
No, not sifting here today. 
Q. 
Are you paying them on an hourly basis? 
A. 
Yes, sir. 
Q. 
What is the hourly rate at which you are compensating members of the law firm? 
A. 
They're ordinary rates. 
Q. 
What are they? 
EFTA00806940
--- PAGE 27 ---
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
How much have you paid Mr. Goldberger? 
A. 
I'm not aware total amount, sir. 
Q. 
What is the hourly rate at which you're paying Mr. Goldberger? 
A. 
His normal hourly rate. 
Q. 
How much is that? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
How much have you paid Mr. Black which you claim as damages in this case? 
A. 
Hundreds of thousands of dollars. 
Q. 
Are you paying him on an hourly basis? 
A. 
I believe so. 
Q. 
What is the hourly rate? 
A. 
I'm not -- I do not know, sir. 
Q. 
How much have you paid Marty Weinberger? 
A. 
I don't know the exact amount, sir. 
Q. 
What's your best estimate? 
A. 
More than a hundred thousand dollars. 
Q. 
Are you paying him on an hourly basis? 
A. 
I believe so. 
Q. 
What's the hourly rate? 
A. 
I don't know, sir. 
Q. 
How much have you paid Alan Dershowitz? 
A. 
Hundreds of thousands of dollars. 
Q. 
Are you paying him on an hourly basis? 
A. 
I believe so. 
EFTA00806941
--- PAGE 28 ---
Q. 
At what hourly rate? 
A. 
I don't know, sir. 
Q. 
How much are you paying Jay -- how much have you paid Jay Lefkowitz? 
A. 
I'm not sure, sir. 
Q. 
Do you have any idea at all? 
A. 
More than a hundred thousand dollars. 
Q. 
Are you paying him on an hourly basis? 
A. 
Yes, sir. 
Q. 
What's the hourly rate? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
What is the form of payment to your lawyers? How do you transfer money to them? 
A. 
I don't know, sir. 
Q. 
Pardon me? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
Does someone do that on your behalf? 
A. 
I would guess so. 
Q. 
Who? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
Are there any other elements of damage, apart from the money paid to lawyers? 
A. 
Yes, sir. 
Q. 
What? 
A. 
The stress and emotional damage of imperiling my friendships and business relationships 
with no relevance whatsoever to these cases, brought by a firm that whose partner sits in a 
Federal prison, who engaged in discovery to harass my friends and social contacts with no 
EFTA00806942
--- PAGE 29 ---
consideration or relevance to this case whatsoever, in an attempt to simply fleece -- partly 
fleece investors in South Florida out of millions of dollars, sir. 
Q. 
What is the value of those losses? 
A. 
I'm not sure yet, sir. 
Q. 
Do you have any idea at all? 
A. 
Not sitting here today. 
Q. 
More or less than $10? 
A. 
I would guess it's more than $10, sir. 
Q. 
More or less than a hundred? 
A. 
I would guess it's quite an amount of money. 
Q. 
Is it more or less than a hundred? 
A. 
Yes, sir. 
Q. 
More or less than a thousand. 
A. 
I would say it's more than 150,000. 
Q. 
More or less than a million? 
A. 
I don't know, sir. 
Q. 
So somewhere between 150,000 and a million? 
A. 
No, sir. It's not -- ... No, sir. That's not what I said. I said, I did not know. 
Q. 
Maybe more than a million? 
A. 
Maybe. 
Q. 
More or less than a billion? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q, 
Maybe more than a billion? 
EFTA00806943
--- PAGE 30 ---
A. 
Maybe more. 
Q. 
How are you going to go about finding out what the value of that loss is? 
A. 
I will respectfully decline to answer that. 
Q. 
On what basis? 
A. 
Attorney/client privilege. 
Mr. Pike: And work product. 
Q. 
Any other elements of damage? 
A. 
Not -- there might be, but sifting here today, I can't think of them. 
Q. 
Do you have written contracts with any of your lawyers? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
Who does? 
A. 
I don't know. 
(Tr. at 116:8-123:18.) 
B. 
Epstein Deposition—January 25, 2012 
Epstein testified as follows: 
Q. 
Yes, sir. Is it your contention that Bradley Edwards abusively prosecuted the federal court 
action on behalf of LM? 
A. 
Yes, sir. 
Q. 
How? 
A. 
Bradley Edwards filed a 234-count federal complaint in conjunction with his partner Scott 
Rothstein to enable his partners at RRA to defraud south Florida investors of millions of 
dollars. His partner Scott Rothstein and his partner Mr. Adler have -- excuse me, Mr. 
Rothstein has now in deposition admitted that they needed to file a complaint to show 
investors that there was real action, in Mr. Rothstein's words, going on in federal court. 
The investors had not been able to find a filed complaint and had complained to Mr. 
Rothstein that there was no filed complaints two days, excuse me, before Mr. Edwards 
filed the federal complaint for 234. 
Q. 
Were you ever served with that complaint? 
EFTA00806944
--- PAGE 31 ---
A. 
Not to the best of my recollection. 
Q. 
So one contention is that Mr. Edwards abusively prosecuted a federal court action on behalf 
of LM with which you were never served, correct? 
A. 
I had -- I was notified that the case was, in fact, filed. 
Q. 
But you were never served with the case, correct? 
A. 
I was notified that the case was filed. 
Q. 
But you were never served with the case, correct? 
A. 
Not to the best of my recollection. 
Q. 
Okay. What damage did you incur as a consequence of the filing of a complaint with which 
you were never served? 
A. 
I incurred many legal -- much legal fees, many legal fees, in fact, to try to figure out why -
- what was going on and, in fact, getting prepared to defend the case though I had not yet 
been served. 
Q. 
Were the allegations in the federal complaint on behalf of LM any different than the 
allegations in the state court case on behalf of LM? 
A. 
I don't recall. 
(Tr. at 19:16-21:9.) 
C. 
Epstein Affidavit—June 30, 2017 
Epstein set forth the following "good faith basis" for commencing his action against 
Rothstein and Edwards: 
5. 
I filed the Action against Rothstein and Edwards because, based on the facts described 
below and in the Summary Judgment Motion, I believed at the time of filing my original 
Complaint that these two individuals, and other unknown partners of theirs at Rothstein, 
Rosenfeldt, Adler ("RRA"), engaged in serious misconduct involving a widely publicized 
illegal Ponzi scheme operated through their law firm (the "Ponzi Scheme") that featured 
the very civil cases litigated against me by Edwards, which were being used to defraud 
potential investors in the Ponzi Scheme. 
6. 
In early November 2009, stories in the press, on the news, and on the interne were legion 
about the implosion of RRA, the Ponzi Scheme perpetrated at that firm, and the misuse in 
the Ponzi Scheme of certain civil cases then being litigated against me by RRA partner, 
Edwards. The cases Edwards was litigating against me, which are described in the 
EFTA00806945
--- PAGE 32 ---
Summary Judgment Motion (the "Epstein Cases"), were being used to defraud investors 
out of millions of dollars and to fund the RRA Ponzi Scheme. 
7. 
In November 2009, I also became aware of news stories that as a result of the Ponzi scheme 
at RRA, the Florida Bar had commenced investigations into over one-half of the attorneys 
employed by RRA. 
8. 
At or about the same time in November 2009, I also became aware that the law firm of 
Conrad Scherer filed a Complaint against Scott Rothstein and others, Razorback Funding, 
LLC, et at v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at, Case No. 09-062943(19) (hereinafter referenced as 
the "Razorback Complaint"), on behalf of some of the Ponzi Scheme investors. 
9. 
Upon reviewing the Razorback Complaint, I learned that the Razorback Complaint detailed 
the use of the Epstein Cases (i.e.. the cases being litigated against me by Edwards) to 
defraud investors in the Ponzi Scheme; including, but not limited to, improper discovery 
practices and other methods to bolster the cases. 
10. 
Prior to my filing the initial Complaint in the Action, I also became aware that the Federal 
government filed an Information against Scott Rothstein, which included allegations of 
RRA as an "Enterprise" in which Rothstein and his yet unidentified co-conspirators 
engaged in a racketeering conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy, mail and wire fraud 
conspiracy, and wire fraud, and specifically alleged that (a) potential investors were 
defrauded by Rothstein and other co-conspirators who falsely advised that confidential 
settlement agreements were available for purchase, when the settlement agreements offered 
were fabricated; (b) the fabricated settlements agreements were allegedly available in 
amounts ranging from hundreds of thousands of dollars to millions of dollars and could be 
purchased at a discount and repaid to the investors at face value over time; (c) Rothstein 
and other co-conspirators utilized the offices of RRA and the offices of other co-
conspirators to convince potential investors of the legitimacy of the and success of the law 
firm, which enhanced the credibility of the purported investment opportunity in these 
fictitious settlements; (d) Rothstein and other co-conspirators utilized funds obtained 
through the Ponzi Scheme to supplement and support the operation and activities of RRA, 
to expand RRA by the hiring of additional attorneys and support staff, to fund salaries and 
bonuses, and to acquire larger and more elaborate office space and equipment in order to 
enrich the personal wealth of persons employed by and associated with the RRA 
Enterprise. 
II. 
Prior to filing the initial Complaint in the Action, consistent with the allegations made by 
the press, in the Razorback Complaint, and in the Rothstein Information, it was clear that 
the activity in the Epstein Cases being litigated by Edwards intensified substantially during 
the short six (6) months during which Edwards was a partner at RRA from April 2009 
through the end of October 2009. 
Furthermore, during that six (6)-month period, 
questionable discovery like that detailed in the Razorback Complaint had taken place in 
the Epstein Cases being litigated against me by Edwards, including Edwards noticing the 
depositions of famous dignitaries and celebrities such as Bill Clinton and David 
Copperfield. However, the plaintiffs in the Epstein Cases had made no allegations of 
improper conduct against them implicating any celebrities or dignitaries. 
EFTA00806946
--- PAGE 33 ---
12. 
Equally consistent with the allegations in the press and in the Razorback Complaint that the 
Epstein Cases were being deliberately misused for purposes unrelated to the litigation in 
order to lure investors into the Ponzi Scheme is the fact that on July 24,2009, Edwards 
filed a two hundred thirty-four (234) page, one fifty-six (156) count federal complaint 
against me on behalf of a plaintiff, LM, for whom Edwards was already prosecuting a case 
against me in state court involving the same matters alleged in the federal complaint. The 
complaint was filed in federal court, but was never served on me or prosecuted, leading me 
to conclude that the only reason it was filed was to enhance the case files shown at the 
offices of RRA to potential investors in the Ponzi Scheme. 
13. 
Also while a partner at RRA, Edwards filed a motion in Federal court in which he requested 
that the court order me to post a fifteen million dollar bond in the Jane Doe case. This 
case, according to the Razorback Complaint, was being touted at that same time to 
investors in the Ponzi Scheme. In connection with that motion, Edwards filed papers 
discussing my net worth and filed supplemental papers purporting to list in great detail my 
vehicles, planes and other items of substantial value, all at a time when, according to the 
accounts in the press, the Information and the Razorback Complaint, the Ponzi Scheme 
was unraveling and the need for new investors in the Ponzi Scheme was becoming urgent. 
The court rejected the Motion, calling it "devoid of evidence." 
(15th Jud. Cir. Case No. 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB DE-931 ¶¶ 5-13.) 
III. 
EDWARDS' DEPOSITION TESTIMONY 
A. 
Edwards Deposition—March 23, 2010 
Edwards testified as follows: 
Q: 
Did he ever call you to communicate with you, call you either by phone, video conference, 
in any fashion to discuss any aspect of the cases that you had against Jeffrey Epstein? 
A: 
He has communicated about various, about legal issues related to the case as well as 
commented about the case to me on very few occasions but I would say less than three 
times. 
(Tr. at 112:7-16.) 
Q: 
All right. Do you remember a third occasion that he spoke to you regarding Epstein related 
occasion, cases? 
A: 
Anything else that he ever spoke with me about related to Epstein related issues is attorney-
client and work-product privileged information that I am not going to divulge. 
(Tr. at 116:21-117:3.) 
Q: 
All right. And when you got into the office, Mr. Rothstein was there? 
EFTA00806947
--- PAGE 34 ---
A: 
Yes. 
Q: 
Mr. Adler? 
A: 
Yes. 
Q: 
There was someone on the telephone who you don't recall? 
A: 
Yes. 
Q: 
Okay. Was there anyone else present? 
A: 
Not that I remember. 
Q: 
Okay. Was, were there any investigators, was Mr. Jenne or Mr. Fisten present? 
A: 
No. 
Q: 
So, it was, you, Rothstein, Adler, and someone on the phone: that's it? 
A: 
From what I remember. 
Q: 
How long did the meeting last? 
A: 
I don't know how long the meeting lasted. 
Q: 
Five minutes or was it a substantially long meeting? 
A: 
Do you want how long I was in the meeting, I can give you an answer. How long the 
meeting lasted, I have no idea. 
Q: 
How long did the meeting last while you were present? 
A: 
Less than five minutes. 
Q: 
Was the value of any of the three cases discussed at all? 
A: 
No. 
Q: 
Did Mr. Rothstein, did Mr. Rothstein appear to be knowledgeable about your cases? 
A: 
No. 
Q: 
Mr. Adler, was Mr. Adler someone that you had discussed the cases with on a somewhat 
regular basis ... not content. Was Mr. Adler someone that you had discussed these Epstein 
cases with prior to that meeting? 
A: 
Yes. 
EFTA00806948
--- PAGE 35 ---
(Edwards March 23, 2010, Tr. at 123:15-125:5.) 
Q: 
What lawyers, other than yourself, were involved in the Epstein cases during the time you 
were associated with RRA? 
A: 
What do you mean by "were involved?" I guess all. 
Q: 
What, what lawyers actually worked on the file? I know Mr. Berger worked on the Epstein 
cases, correct? 
A: 
In some limited capacity, correct. 
Q: 
Okay. Mr. Adler I know attended Mr. Epstein's deposition, correct? 
A: 
Correct. 
(Edwards March 23, 2010, Tr. at 230:15-231:1.) 
B. 
Edwards Deposition—October 10, 2013 
Edwards testified as follows: 
Q: 
Okay. At the meetings that you -- at the meetings that occurred with these various lawyers, 
Berger, Adler, Stone, Rob Buschel were present and Epstein was discussed, was the 
discovery that -- discovery and/or investigation regarding Mr. Epstein ever discussed? 
A: 
I -- I would assume so. 
Q: 
Well, I --
A: 
In meetings, that we were talking about, was Epstein discussed? 
Q: 
Yeah, I -- I -- I assume, based upon the -- what we saw in the e-mails today, that is exactly 
the purpose of the meeting, correct? 
A: 
Exactly, that was the purpose of the meeting. 
(Edwards Oct. 10, 2013, Tr. at 205:9-22.) 
C. 
Edwards' Deposition—November 10, 2017 
Edwards testified as follows: 
Q: 
So there is some truth that Rothstein is weaving in, based on documents, the flight log that 
was obtained by you as the lead trial lawyer in the pending lawsuits? 
A: 
There is some truth in the pending lawsuits? 
Q: 
No. I'm saying that what Rothstein was doing -- we all --
EFTA00806949
--- PAGE 36 ---
A: 
He used actual evidence to support a fabricated story. 
Q: 
And the actual evidence that was referred to here are these flight logs that you as the lead 
lawyer obtained and brought back to the Rothstein firm, right? 
A: 
I maintain the evidence for all of my cases at the Rothstein firm where I worked, yes. 
Q: 
That's all I was confirming. 
A: 
Does it appear that Rothstein gained access to it and used it to support his fairytale? It does. 
(Edwards' Nov. 10,2017, Tr. at 163:20-164:14.) 
Were you reporting to Mr. Adler in how to represent the three Rothstein clients -- the three 
ladies -- on how to prosecute the Epstein matters? 
A: 
Well, this email is dated April 8th, 2009, so I had just started at the firm. I had just got there. 
Russ Adler was one of the only lawyers that I had known for years before I got to the firm. And 
Russ Adler handled sexual abuse cases. So, especially in the beginning, I talked to Russ about how 
to kind of navigate through the complications with Jeffrey Epstein and with the type of defense 
that was going on. So this just appears that Wayne Black and Russ Adler -- Wayne was the 
investigator -- that they were talking also about how to -- what we needed to do in the investigation. 
Yeah, Russ was definitely involved then. He didn't do much in the day-to-day, so I don't want to 
say anything to that. 
Q: 
I understand. But I'm talking about on April 8th, 2009, it looks to me like he's giving you 
instructions on what to do. Do you agree? 
A: 
Not giving me instructions on what to do. I mean, he's telling me bring Marc Nurik the non-
prosecution agreement, is the instruction. 
(Edwards' Nov. 10,2017, Tr. at 259:22-260:22) 
Q: 
Did you become aware of the fact that your Epstein-related files at some point in time had 
been requested by Scott Rothstein? 
A: 
Yes. 
Q: 
How did you become aware of that? 
A: 
I think Mike told me -- Fisten. 
Q: 
Was there any explanation offered as to why Scott Rothstein wanted to see the Epstein-
related files? 
A: 
That if these cases went to trial, he wanted to try the cases with me. 
Q: 
He who? 
EFTA00806950
--- PAGE 37 ---
A: 
He, Scott Rothstein, wanted to try the case with me. That's the explanation that I was given. 
(Edwards Nov. 10, 2017, Tr. at 321:14-322:2.) 
Q: 
You were an employee, in your mind, and he was the lawyer ultimately at the firm 
responsible for the three clients, true? 
A: 
There's seventy lawyers at the firm. They all work for him. Hundreds of files. He's still the 
equity partner of the firm, so they are the firm's files. They are not --
Q: 
I understand. You told me earlier. And I didn't realize that, that the interest that Bradley 
Edwards, PA had in three files, you gave up to Mr. Rothstein and became a salary employee, 
essentially. 
A: 
Gave up to RRA. 
Q: 
Mr. Rothstein's firm, correct? 
A: 
Right. We've established this. 
Q: 
And so that Mr. Rothstein was the lawyer at that firm as the -- one of two equity 
shareholders who was ultimately responsible for the three Epstein matters? 
A: 
For every case in the entire firm, including those --
Q 
Including the three Epstein matters? 
A: 
Every case, yeah. 
(Edwards' Nov. 10, 2017, Tr. at 338:10-339:7.) 
IV. 
ROTHSTEIN'S DEPOSITION TESTIMONY 
Rothstein testified as follows in this case: 
Q: 
You never spoke to Brad about this case? 
A: 
I didn't say that, but I had a lot more interaction . . . If you talk to the people in the firm, if 
they are honest with you, they'll tell you my interaction was far more significant with Russ 
Adler, probably more so because he was a co-conspirator of mine. My interaction with 
Russ was far greater by many, many percents over my interaction with Brad, and then you 
go down the line. I had more interaction with Mr. Farmer than I did with Mr. Fistos, more 
interaction with Jaffe than I did with Mr. Edwards, and so on. 
(Rothstein June 14, 2012, Tr. at 23:24-24:13.) 
Q: 
Right. How did you know at the time when you said these investors wanted to investigate 
and you said you were going to create a fake settlement, how did you know that this case 
was the case that you could use? 
EFTA00806951
--- PAGE 38 ---
A: 
From talking to all the people that I just said, Adler, Fistos, Jaffe, Farmer, Mr. Edwards, to 
the extent that I spoke to him about it. 
Q: 
Did you speak with Mr. Edwards about the case? 
A: 
I don't have a specific recollection one way or the other. I remember speaking to him at 
least briefly the day or the day of or the day before the actual investor's due diligence was 
going on as to what was going on. And I may have spoke to him, I know I spoke to Russ, 
but I may have spoke to him as well within a couple of days just prior to this due diligence 
because I was trying to at least get some information in my head that I could use when I 
was creating this story for the investors. 
(Rothstein June 14, 2012, Tr. at 25:12-26:6.) 
Q: 
Well, then explain to me. You testified earlier that what was important to the im estors to 
see is that there was a real case, correct? 
A: 
Yes. 
Q: 
What did you look at or show them -- what did you look at, first of all, to see if it was, in 
fact, a real case? 
A: 
I knew it was a real case. 
Q: 
How did you know? 
A: 
Because my lawyers told me it was a real case. I believed them. 
Q: 
What lawyers told you that? 
A: 
I already told you it was a mixture of Russ and Jaffe and Fistos and Farmer and Mr. 
Edwards. I mean, I knew it was a real case. We had all these boxes, we had people really 
working on the file --
Q: 
How do you know --
A: 
--or they were pulling a hell of a scam on me. Not that I didn't deserve it but [—] 
Q: 
How did you know, you just said you knew people were working really hard on this case. 
Who do you know was working on the case? 
A: 
The only people that I knew for certain were working on the case was Brad Edwards and 
Russ Adler was doing his supervisory schtick, whatever that was. But other than that, I 
don't know which other lawyers were assisting Mr. Edwards. I didn't get involved at that 
level. 
(Rothstein June 14, 2012, Tr. at 52:5-53:7.) 
EFTA00806952
--- PAGE 39 ---
Rothstein testified as follows in Razorback Funding, LLC v. Rothstein, 17th Jud. Cir. Case 
No. 062009CA062943AXXXCE: 
Q: 
You pulled out some kind of a flight manifest; do you recall that? 
A: 
Yeah. At some point in time I believe it was either Brad Edwards or Russ Adler pointed out 
to me that one of the pieces of evidence they were using in the actual case was the flight 
manifest. And I actually used that to make a fairly big show. I found that those most of 
the time in these cases the more significant our underlying investigation was and the more 
tantalizing it was, the more interested the investors got. We had that real piece of evidence 
and we used it to our advantage to attempt to secure the investor. 
(Rothstein Dec. 12, 2011, Tr. at 59:14-25.) 
Q: 
Didn't you add some sensational names to the manifest that weren't there to start with? 
A: 
I did. I did. 
Q: 
Tell us about that. 
A: 
There were -- I said that there were additional manifests -- if I remember correctly, I said 
there were additional manifests that we had discovered containing Bill Clinton's name, 
Prince Andrew, all being shown flying with young girls on the plane. 
Q: 
And do you know whether -- let me back up. The original manifests that were in evidence 
in the real case, didn't have those names on it? 
A: 
No, but it's interesting you bring that up because the way I came up with Bill Clinton and 
Prince Andrew was Mr. Adler and Mr. Edwards both told me on different occasions that 
the reason the case — when we were discussing the actual real case, the reason it was 
becoming so, quote, unquote, tasty because they had information that he had been flying 
Bill Clinton around and Prince Andrews around, the piece that was missing from the real 
case was the connection to the young girls. 
Q: 
The young girls — connection to the young girls was fiction, it was a lie? 
A: 
Not as far as Mr. Epstein is concerned but as far as the other people are concerned, yes. 
(Rothstein Dec. 12, 2011, Tr. at 60:10-61:9.) 
Q: 
When you were asked — this morning about Brad Edwards you really hesitated. I don't 
know if you know you did that. You were answering yes, no, maybe so. On him you really 
paused. 
A: 
On the question as whether or not he would have turned us in, you mean? 
Q: 
Whether he was a player or whether he was involved and you didn't quite answer. 
EFTA00806953
--- PAGE 40 ---
A: 
Just because of the way I knew Brad and socialized with him, I did not know that he was at 
that level. There are certain people, Barry Stone, second he found out about it would have 
absolutely done what was appropriately — supposed to do from an ethical standpoint. And 
then there were people who I say would never do that. And then there are people in the 
middle. I believe Brad Edwards is probably in the middle. 
(Rothstein Dec. 12, 2011, Tr. at 61:15-62:6.) 
Q: 
I'm trying to understand. I'm not going to have you go through all 13 boxes, but I'm trying 
to get a frame of reference. You're talking about a flight manifest or flight manifests for 
private jets, right? 
A: 
Yes. This is a very small document. It may have been one or two pages. And I had it 
specifically set aside. I'd either ask Mr. Adler or Mr. Edwards to isolate the flight manifest. 
(Rothstein Dec. 19, 2011, Tr. at 2278:13-20) 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on November 17, 2017, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Angela M. Many (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Seconda 
Seconda 
Seconda 
Seconda 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jay Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
EFTA00806954
--- PAGE 41 ---
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. FL33301-3268
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00806955

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806956.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO. 09-34791-RBR 
CHAPTER II 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S WRITTEN OPENING STATEMENT 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), pursuant to the Court's Order to Show Cause Why Fowler 
White and Jeffrey Epstein Should Not Be Held in Contempt and Scheduling Evidentiary Show 
Cause Hearing [D.E. 6366], submits this Written Opening Statement, and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
A. 
Background: Link & Rockenbach's Appearance in the State Court Proceeding, and 
the Circumstances of the CD's Discovery. 
On November 1, 2017, Epstein's counsel, Link & Rockenbach, PA, made its first 
appearance in Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards, and L.M., No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
(Fla. 15th Cir. Ct.), pending in state court in Palm Beach County, Florida (the "state court 
proceeding"). At that time, Link & Rockenbach had not yet received Epstein's files possessed by 
one of his former counsel—Fowler White Burnett, P.A. ("Fowler White"), whose representation 
of Epstein terminated over six years ago in May 2012.1 Epstein, as is his right, requested Fowler 
White to turn over his files to Link & Rockenbach. 
From the production it had received by that time, Link & Rockenbach did know that there 
had been a subset of documents produced in the litigation on May 7, 2012, which contained eighty-
four documents that had been listed on Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards Fistos & Lehrman, P.L.'s 
privilege log, that had nonetheless been filed with the state court, including as summary judgment 
evidence. Further, Link & Rockenbach knew that Edwards had testified to having reviewed 26,000 
pages of e-mails and producing them to Epstein. 
EFTA00806956
--- PAGE 2 ---
On January 10, 2018, Link & Rockenbach traveled to Miami, Florida, to review Fowler 
White's files associated with the state court proceeding, which filled approximately thirty-six 
boxes. Fowler White, however, was unwilling to release its boxes at that time, so Link & 
Rockenbach flagged items, from twenty-four boxes, to be copied. Inside one of those boxes, and 
flagged, was a compact disc ("CD") labeled "Epstein Bate Stamp." Link & Rockenbach did not 
review any materials, or the contents of any discs, during that visit. Epstein was not present. 
On February 1, 2018, Link & Rockenbach received three boxes from Fowler White 
containing copies of the items flagged for reproduction. Link & Rockenbach's review of the 
contents of the CD marked "Epstein Bate Stamp" on February 25, 2018 revealed 27,542 pages of 
emails that were consecutively Bates stamped, which did not contain a pre-fix indicating who 
produced them, or any watermark, confidentiality, or privilege designation. Of these, Link & 
Rockenbach reviewed approximately 5,000 pages, and ultimately identified numerous e-mails that 
it deemed pertinent to Epstein's defense in the state court proceeding. 
Link & Rockenbach then diligently reviewed the state court's and bankruptcy court's files 
for confidentiality stipulations or orders, searched former counsels' records, spoke with former 
counsel from Fowler White, and asked Edwards' counsel if any confidentiality orders governed 
the use of trial exhibits. These activities revealed that there were no confidentiality orders in effect. 
Further, other factors—including the fact that Edwards had testified about producing 26,000 pages 
of e-mails to Epstein, and that other documents had been produced in the case notwithstanding 
their identification on Farmer Jaffe's privilege log—indicated to Link & Rockenbach that the 
documents in its possession, derived from the CD, had previously been produced in the case. After 
undertaking these activities and analysis, Link & Rockenbach filed an illustrative sample of these 
e-mails as part of an Appendix, and served them, and others, to Edwards' counsel as part of a 
EFTA00806957
--- PAGE 3 ---
newly discovered trial exhibit list. Link & Rockenbach also provided copies of select e-mails to 
Epstein, his general counsel, and its co-counsel. 
As it turns out, less than two weeks later, Link & Rockenbach learned (through untoward 
accusations of unethical conduct) of Edwards' claim that the CD had not been produced and that 
allegedly Fowler White was in violation of this Court's November 2010 Agreed Order by retaining 
it. Edwards claims that the CD contains the entire realm of documents gathered in response to 
Epstein's April 2010 Subpoena, which included both documents ultimately produced to Epstein 
and documents that were withheld as privileged and identified on Farmer Jaffe's Privilege Log. 
Epstein identified 47 of those alleged privileged documents on his March 2018 Clerk's Trial 
Exhibit List in the state court proceedings. 
On March 8, 2018, the parties in the state court proceeding attended a lengthy hearing 
where the trial judge—while finding that neither Link & Rockenbach nor Epstein had done 
anything wrong—handed down extensive rulings governing further usage and safekeeping of the 
documents. Since then, pursuant to agreements of the parties and court orders, Link & Rockenbach 
(notwithstanding its claims that no privileges exist) has taken additional, extensive efforts to 
comply with the state court's rulings—and done more—to protect the purportedly privileged 
nature of the materials, including: 
• 
Ceasing any and all further dissemination of the documents, including those 
identified on the Appendix filed in the state court proceeding, the disclosed trial 
exhibits, or any other item contained on the CD that Farmer Jaffe, Edwards and 
the Intervenors asserted a privilege over; 
• 
Consenting to the Intervenors' Motion to Seal Court Records Until the Court 
Makes a Determination on How the Documents Shall be Treated; 
• 
Working through the weekend of March 10-11, 2018, with Edwards' counsel 
and the duty judge to obtain an order sealing the allegedly privileged items 
which had been filed onto the public court docket; 
EFTA00806958
--- PAGE 4 ---
• 
Destroying the paper copy of the Redacted Appendix that was filed in the state 
court proceeding and deleting the electronic version from its computer system; 
• 
Placing the Unredacted Appendix in a sealed box to be maintained in its offices; 
• 
Placing an exhibit sticker on the trial exhibits and placing them in sealed 
envelopes, moving to make these records confidential, agreeing to an order 
sealing these filings, and retaining a set of these exhibits in a sealed envelope 
in a sealed box in its offices; 
• 
Placing the original CD in a sealed envelope and destroying all other hard 
copies of documents Link & Rockenbach reproduced from the CD; and 
• 
Deleting an electronic duplicate of the CD and the electronic versions of all 
subject documents from an online service by which the documents were 
transmit, and beginning to delete saved electronic documents from its computer 
system (however, Link & Rockenbach ceased these steps based on Edwards' 
and the Intervenors' objections to further deletion of electronic documents). 
B. 
The Court's November 30, 2010 Agreed Order. 
Moving backwards in time, there is only one sentence of this Court's November 30, 2010 
Agreed Order (the "Agreed Order") that applies to Epstein: "Should it be determined that Fowler 
White or Epstein retained images or copies of the subject documents on its computer or otherwise, 
the Court retains jurisdiction to award sanctions in favor of Farmer, Brad Edwards or his client." 
[D.E. 1194, at 2]. Even assuming that this provision of the Agreed Order is sufficiently clear to 
warrant potential sanctions for its violation, the evidence will point to but a single conclusion: That 
Epstein never violated either the letter or the spirit of the Agreed Order. This Court entered the 
Agreed Order almost eight years ago in connection with Farmer Jaffe's efforts to comply with 
subpoenas that Epstein served on the Rothstein Rosenfeldt & Adler Trustee in 2010, because 
Farmer Jaffe did not want to pay for copies. The Agreed Order was a way to prevent a "gotcha" 
play by Fowler White after it provided copies of the subject documents to Special Master Carney 
and Farmer Jaffe, and served that purpose. The nearly eight-year-old Agreed Order in no way 
contemplated its violation under such unpredictable circumstances as those at hand. 
EFTA00806959
--- PAGE 5 ---
The evidence will show that Epstein was not provided with the CD by Fowler White and 
had no knowledge that the CD existed at all before 2018. Epstein never received a copy of the 
27,000+ pages when Fowler White provided copies to Fanner Jaffe and the Special Master in 
2010, never had the CD, never knew that it existed in the bowels of Fowler White's file room, 
untouched for seven years. 
As explained in greater detail below, the evidence will show that the Order to Show Cause 
should be discharged, and no sanction against Epstein imposed, for two reasons: I) Epstein never 
violated the Agreed Order; and 2) no sanction could either coerce Epstein into compliance or 
compensate Farmer Jaffe, Edwards or the Intervenors for actual, compensatory losses—because 
they have none. Based on the evidence that has been and will be elicited in this show cause 
proceeding, Epstein respectfully requests that this Court discharge its Order to Show Cause, deny 
the requests of Farmer Jaffe, Edwards and the Intervenors for Epstein to be held in contempt of 
court, or for any other sanctions against him. 
THE EVIDENCE WILL SHOW THAT THE ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE SHOULD BE 
DISCHARGED AND NO SANCTIONS IMPOSED 
A. 
The Evidence Will Show That Epstein Did Not Violate the Court's November 30, 2010 
Agreed Order. 
The testimony in the depositions authorized by the Court, the sworn declarations of fact, 
and the evidence to be elicited at the evidentiary hearing on this Court's Order to Show Cause will 
show that Epstein never violated the Agreed Order, and accordingly, that there is no basis to hold 
him in statutory contempt or impose other sanctions under 11 U.S.C. § 105(a). 
Fanner Jaffe, Edwards and the Intervenors bear the burden to demonstrate that Epstein 
violated the Agreed Order by clear and convincing evidence. However, the evidence will show 
that Epstein did not know the CD existed while it sat, untouched for seven years, in Fowler White's 
EFTA00806960
--- PAGE 6 ---
file room. Epstein had no knowledge of Fowler White's actions and, regardless of what Fowler 
White did nor did not do, did not consent to any material action or omission by Fowler White. 
Epstein has repeatedly informed Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, the Intervenors and this Court that he was 
never provided with a copy of the CD or its contents when Fowler White provided copies of 
documents to Farmer Jaffe and the Special Master in 2010 or thereafter, and only learned in 
February 2018 of the CD's existence and its contents. 
The Court has properly indicated that it is not considering the imposition of sanctions 
against Epstein for conduct occurring in the state court proceeding in 2018. Even assuming 
arguendo that such conduct is within the scope of the Court's Order to Show Cause and rulings to 
date (though it is not), the evidence will illustrate the lack of any factual or legal basis to punish 
Epstein. 
Although Farmer Jaffe, Edwards and the Intervenors do not seek sanctions against Link & 
Rockenbach, as Epstein's challenged conduct is completely intertwined with Link & 
Rockenbach's—it is important to note that Link & Rockenbach did nothing wrong. Indeed, the 
evidence will show that the state court judge expressly found as much. The evidence will also 
show that the former Ethics Director of the Florida Bar has opined that Link & Rockenbach did 
not wrongfully retain any of the materials in question and acted in an ethical and proper manner in 
all respects as it relates to its discovery of the materials on the CD, and in its handling of the matter 
in the state court proceeding after the claims of privilege by Farmer Jaffe, Edwards and the 
Intervenors were brought to its attention. 
At the conclusion of the show cause proceeding, therefore, based on the evidence, Epstein 
will respectfully request that the Court discharge the Order to Show Cause and deny all claims for 
relief by Farmer Jaffe, Edwards and the Intervenors. Epstein never violated the Agreed Order. 
EFTA00806961
--- PAGE 7 ---
B. 
The Evidence Will Show That Neither Farmer Jaffe, Edwards Nor the Intervenors 
are Entitled to Compensatory Sanctions from Epstein Because There was No 
Violation, There is Nothing to Compel Compliance With, and None Have Sustained 
Any Actual Losses. 
In its Order to Show Cause, the Court stated that if it made a finding of civil contempt, it 
would consider imposing "compensatory sanctions for actual damages" incurred, recognizing that 
such sanctions may serve to "coerce the defendant into compliance with the court's order, and to 
compensate the complainant for losses sustained." [D.E. 6366, at 4] (citation omitted). The 
evidence, however, will show that there is nothing to coerce Epstein into compliance with, and 
that neither Fanner Jaffe, Edwards nor the Intervenors are able to prove any actual damages 
attributable to Epstein's alleged violation of the Agreed Order. 
Initially, for the reasons stated above, the evidence will show that there is no sanction that 
could serve the purpose of coercing Epstein into compliance with the Agreed Order. There is 
nothing for Epstein to comply with. Epstein never retained images or copies of the privileged 
materials within the meaning of the Agreed Order. 
The evidence will also show that there is no sanction that could serve to compensate Farmer 
Jaffe, Edwards or the Intervenors for losses sustained—because they have no damages. 
Concerning Farmer Jaffe and Edwards, Fanner Jaffe seeks attorneys' fees and costs paid to 
Edwards for bringing its Motion for Order to Show Cause, and a daily sanction of $1,000, while 
Edwards seeks attorneys' fees and costs for joining Farmer Jaffe's Motion for Order to Show 
Cause, attorneys' fees and costs related to state court proceedings, and a daily sanction of $1,000. 
See D.E. 6394. First, in light of the complex procedural history of this matter and state court 
proceedings involving the parties, the evidence will show that to consider Farmer Jaffe's claim for 
actual losses separate and apart from Edwards' claimed losses is non-sensical. Edwards was a 
partner in Farmer Jaffe when the Agreed Order was entered and when his former clients, the 
EFTA00806962
--- PAGE 8 ---
Intervenors, settled their state court claims against Epstein. Farmer Jaffe disbanded in 2017, and 
Edwards is acting both as a party and as counsel for Farmer Jaffe in these show cause proceedings. 
Second, the evidence will show that Farmer Jaffe and Edwards are disingenuously racking up 
attorneys' fees for the sole reason of claiming entitlement to those fees. In other words, Farmer 
Jaffe and Edwards seek attorneys' fees and costs for work performed after the CD and its contents 
were sealed, and Link & Rockenbach undertook the extensive actions, listed above, to comply 
with the state court's rulings and protect the allegedly privileged documents from further 
dissemination. Thus, the evidence will show that Farmer Jaffe's and Edwards' claim that attorneys' 
fees or costs were incurred for the sake of enforcing Epstein's compliance lacks merit. For these 
reasons too, their request for a daily sanction is illogical: Epstein is and remains in compliance. 
Third, neither Edwards nor Farmer Jaffe will provide evidence that they have paid their respective 
counsel any attorneys' fees or costs—nor can they because they are working on contingency fee 
bases. 
The Intervenors were directed by the Court to file a summary of their damages but, failed 
to list any actual damages they have suffered. The evidence will show that the $25,000 claimed 
per Intervenor is arbitrary, and not caused in any way by Epstein's alleged violation of the Agreed 
Order. Concerning Intervenors' claim for attorneys' fees, costs and expenses, Intervenors' counsel 
has stated numerous times that he is working on this matter pro bono. Moreover, the evidence will 
show that as in the case of Farmer Jaffe and Edwards, that any such expenditures of time or 
expenses by Intervenors were caused solely by their own conduct. The requests for an Order to 
Show Cause all occurred after Epstein voluntarily agreed to seal the CD, and took the numerous 
steps to protect the allegedly privileged information described above. To the extent any attorneys' 
fees or costs have been incurred, the evidence will show that this is a classic example of having 
EFTA00806963
--- PAGE 9 ---
generated attorneys' fees purely for the sake of trying to collect those attorneys' fees. Where 
Farmer Jaffe, Edwards and the Intervenors have filed a barrage of baseless motions for sanctions 
and contempt, the Court should not permit them to claim as damages the costs of filing those very 
baseless motions. The evidence will show that no attorneys' fees, costs, or expenses were incurred 
to actually enforce the Agreed Order. 
In sum, the evidence will show that Farmer Jaffe, Edwards and the Intervenors have 
sustained no actual losses, and that their request for sanctions against Epstein is made solely to try 
to punish him and to gain a tactical advantage in the state court proceeding—not to seek 
compensation for any genuine, actual damages. Accordingly, at the conclusion of the show cause 
proceeding, based on the evidence, Epstein will respectfully request that the Court discharge the 
Order to Show Cause and deny all claims for relief by Farmer Jaffe, Edwards and the Intervenors 
because Epstein never violated the Order. 
CONCLUSION 
The evidence in the instant show cause proceeding will show that Epstein never violated 
the Agreed Order and that, accordingly, there is no factual or legal basis to hold Epstein in civil 
contempt. The evidence will also show that there is no sanction that could coerce Epstein into 
compliance, because the CD has been sealed and there is nothing for him to comply with. The 
evidence will also show that neither Farmer Jaffe, Edwards nor the Intervenors have incurred any 
actual, compensatory damages and that, while this Court has the authority to enforce its orders, 
their maintenance of this show cause proceeding under the circumstances is not for the purpose of 
protecting their privileged information, but is intended solely to seek to harass and punish Epstein. 
EFTA00806964
--- PAGE 10 ---
WHEREFORE, Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that this Court discharge its Order to 
Show Cause, deny Movants' request for Epstein to be held in contempt of court, and to deny 
Movants' requests for sanctions and any other relief. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 
, 2018, a true and correct copy of the foregoing 
was served electronically to all registered users on the CM/ECF system, which includes counsel 
identified on the service list below. 
RICE PUGATCH ROBINSON STORFER & 
COHEN, PLLC 
101 N.E. Third Avenue, Suite 1800 
[fax] 
By: 
CHAD P. PUGATCH (Fa 
- AND - 
I hereby certify that I am admitted to the Bar of the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to practice in this 
Court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
By: 
SCOTT J. LINK 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00806965
--- PAGE 11 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach FL 33409 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Brittany N. Henderson 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Counsel for Farmer Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of 
Utah 
332 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
Peter E. Shapiro 
Shapiro Law 
8551 West Sunrise Boulevard, Suite 3000 
Plantation FL 33322 
. 
Counsel for L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
i 
Counsel for L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
Niall T. McLachlan 
Carlton Fields Jorden Burt, P.A. 
100 S.E. Second Street, Suite 4200 
Miami, FL 33131 
Isaac M. Marcushamer 
Berger Singerman LLP 
1450 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1900 
Miami FL 33131 
Counsel for Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
Counsel for Liquidating Trustee 
EFTA00806966

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806967.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO. 09-34791-RBR 
CHAPTER 11 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S WRITTEN OPENING STATEMENT 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), pursuant to the Court's Order to Show Cause Why Fowler 
White and Jeffrey Epstein Should Not Be Held in Contempt and Scheduling Evidentiary Show 
Cause Hearing (D.E. 6366), submits this Written Opening Statement, and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
A. 
The Court's November 30 2010 Agreed Order. 
The November 30, 2010, Agreed Order (the "Agreed Order"), which was drafted and 
approved by Farmer Jaffe and Edwards, was designed solely to keep Fowler White from making 
copies for itself of the documents it was Bates stamping and reproducing for Farmer Jaffe's and 
the Special Master's review. The Order provides, in pertinent part: 
The Motion for Relief From Amended Order (D.E. #1068) and to 
Compel Jeffrey Epstein to Pay for the Production of All Documents 
in Response to his Requests filed by Interested Party Farmer, Jaffe, 
Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. ("Farmer"), was 
adequately resolved by agreement of the parties as follows. The law 
firm of Fowler White Burnett, P.A., will print a hard copy of all off 
the documents contained on the discs with Bates numbers added, 
and will provide a set of copied, stamped documents to the Special 
Master and an identical set to Farmer, who will use same to create 
its privilege log. Farmer agrees to prepare that portion of the 
privilege log relating to emails on or before December 15, 2010, 
with the remaining portion due thirty days from the date of this 
order, subject to other court orders. Fowler White will not retain 
EFTA00806967
--- PAGE 2 ---
any copies of the documents contained on the discs provided to it, 
nor shall any images or copies of said documents be retained in the 
memory of Fowler White's copiers. Should it be determined that 
Fowler White or Epstein retained images or copies of the subject 
documents on its computer or otherwise, the Court retains 
jurisdiction to award sanctions in favor of Farmer, Brad Edwards or 
his client. 
(D.E. 1194.) 
There is only one sentence in the Agreed Order that applies to Epstein: "Should it be 
determined that ... Epstein retained images or copies of the subject documents on its [sic] computer 
or otherwise, the Court retains jurisdiction to award sanctions in favor of Farmer, Brad Edwards 
or his client." (D.E. 1194, at 2.) 
The Agreed Order was a result of Farmer Jaffe not wanting to bear the copying cost 
associated with responding to Epstein's 2010 Subpoena directed to the Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & 
Adler Trustee. In an effort to resolve that issue, Fowler White suggested printing and Bates 
stamping the documents in-house, and then providing copies to Farmer Jaffe and the Special 
Master. 
Importantly, the Agreed Order was focused on preventing Fowler White from 
intentionally keeping copies of documents from the disc at the time the documents on the disc 
were being Bates stamped and printed in December 2010 or leaving an image on its copiers or 
computers to be accessed at a later time. The parties to the nearly eight-year-old Agreed Order in 
no way contemplated that the very narrowly drawn prohibitions set forth therein would serve as 
the basis for a contempt finding against Epstein under the unforeseeable circumstances at hand, 
particularly where there is simply no evidence of even a single instance of misconduct by Epstein 
relating to the disc or any documents therein. 
The "evidence" in this case points to a single conclusion: That Epstein, from the day the 
disc was delivered to Fowler White for copying in December 2010 through January 2018, did not 
EFTA00806968
--- PAGE 3 ---
have the disc, know about the disc or receive from Fowler White any of the documents that it 
copied pursuant to the Agreed Order. Thus, it was impossible for Epstein to have "retained" any 
images or copies from the disc in violation of the Agreed Order. 
B. 
Link & Rockenbach's Appearance in the State Court Proceeding and the 
Circumstances of the Disc's Discovery. 
On November 1, 2017, Epstein's counsel, Link & Rockenbach, PA, made its first 
appearance in Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and L.M., No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
pending in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in Palm Beach County, Florida (the "state court 
proceeding"). At that time, Link & Rockenbach had not yet received Epstein's files from one of 
his former counsel -- Fowler White Burnett, P.A. ("Fowler White"), whose representation of 
Epstein terminated over six years ago in May 2012. Epstein asked Fowler White to turn over his 
files to Link & Rockenbach. 
On January 10, 2018, Link & Rockenbach traveled to Miami, Florida, to review Fowler 
White's files associated with its representation of Epstein, which filled approximately thirty-six 
boxes. Fowler White, however, was unwilling to release its boxes at that time, so Link & 
Rockenbach flagged items to be copied. Inside one of the boxes was a disc labeled "Epstein Bate 
Stamp" ("the disc") which Link & Rockenbach flagged for reproduction. Link & Rockenbach did 
not review the contents of any discs during the January 10, 2018, document review. Epstein was 
not present. 
On February 1, 2018, Link & Rockenbach received three boxes from Fowler White 
containing copies of the items flagged for reproduction. Link & Rockenbach's review of the 
contents of the disc began on February 25, 2018. That review revealed 27,542 pages of e-mails 
that were consecutively Bates stamped, which did not contain a pre-fix indicating who produced 
them, or any watermark, confidentiality or privilege designation. Of these, Link & Rockenbach 
EFTA00806969
--- PAGE 4 ---
reviewed approximately 5,000 pages, and ultimately identified numerous e-mails that it deemed 
pertinent to Epstein's defense in the state court proceeding. 
C. 
Epstein Testified that He Never Received the Disc and Never Saw Conies of 
Documents Printed from it Before February 2018. 
The evidence will show that Epstein was not provided with the disc by Fowler White and 
had no knowledge that the disc existed at all before 2018. Epstein never received a copy of the 
27,000+ pages when Fowler White provided copies to Farmer Jaffe and the Special Master in 
2010, never had the disc and never knew that it existed in the bowels of Fowler White's file room, 
untouched for more than seven years. When asked about the disc at his deposition on October 13, 
2018, Epstein testified as follows: 
Q. 
How is it that you can tell us under oath today that you had 
no prior knowledge of Fowler White having come into 
possession of a disc relating to your litigation? 
A. 
So, to be clear, to the best of my recollection today, the 
answer is no. I have no recollection whatsoever. 
(Epstein 10/13/18, Part I, 25:4-10.) Also see Epstein, 10/13/18, Part 1, 25:24-26:8. 
Q. 
Have you ever communication with any agent of Fowler 
White about the disc that was turned over by them to Link & 
Rockenbach? 
A. 
No. Not to the best of my knowledge. 
Q. 
Have you ever communicated with Tonja or Fred Haddad 
about the Fowler White disc? 
A. 
Not to the best of my knowledge. 
Q. 
Did you ever receive a copy of the disc itself? 
A. 
No. 
(Epstein 10/13/18, Part I, 56:4-13.) 
Q. 
Do you see paragraph six in the affidavit before you? 
EFTA00806970
--- PAGE 5 ---
A. 
Yes 
Q. 
And it says, quote, I have never seen the CD nor received a 
copy of it, close quote. Is that correct? 
A. 
That's correct. 
(Epstein 10/13/18, Part 2, 15:19-25.) 
Q. 
When did you first become aware of your attorneys' 
possession of a disc containing information about L.M.? 
A. 
After February [2018]. 
(Epstein 10/13/18, Part 2, 20:18-25.) 
Q. 
*** 
Do you know if there were any images or copies of 
documents retained in the memory of Fowler White's 
copiers? 
A. 
I do not. 
(Epstein 10/13/18, Part 2, 36:23-37:1.) 
Q. 
Do you have any knowledge of whether or not Fowler White 
retained images of copies of the subject documents on a 
computer or otherwise? 
A. 
I do not. 
(Epstein 10/13/18, Part 2, 37:11-14.) 
Q. 
Between November 2010 and February 2018, did you have 
any knowledge as to whether or not a disc that was the 
subject of Exhibit 5 was retained by Fowler White? 
A. 
I did not. 
Q. 
Do you know if, in fact, a disc that is the subject of Exhibit 5 
was retained by Fowler White? 
A. 
I do not. 
EFTA00806971
--- PAGE 6 ---
(Epstein 10/13/18, Part 2, 37:15-22.) 
As explained in greater detail below, the evidence will show that the Order to Show Cause 
should be discharged, and no sanction against Epstein imposed, for two reasons: I) Epstein never 
violated the Agreed Order; and 2) no sanction could either coerce Epstein into compliance or 
compensate Farmer Jaffe, Edwards or Intervenor L.M. for actual, compensatory losses—because 
they have none. Based on the evidence that has been and will be elicited in this show cause 
proceeding, Epstein respectfully requests that this Court discharge its Order to Show Cause and 
deny the requests of Fanner Jaffe, Edwards and Intervenor L.M. for Epstein to be held in contempt 
of court or for any other sanctions against him. 
THE EVIDENCE WILL SHOW THAT THE ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE SHOULD BE 
DISCHARGED AND NO SANCTIONS IMPOSED BECAUSE EPSTEIN DID NOT 
VIOLATE THE AGREED ORDER 
The testimony in the depositions authorized by this Court, the sworn declarations of fact 
and the evidence to be elicited at the evidentiary hearing on this Court's Order to Show Cause 
show that Epstein never had the disc, did not know Fowler White had the disc and Fowler White 
never provided Epstein with the disc or copies from the disc and that, without having even known 
of their existence or ever having received them, it is, therefore, impossible for Epstein to have 
retained any images or copies from the disc in violation of the Agreed Order. Accordingly, there 
is no basis to hold Epstein in statutory contempt or impose other sanctions under 11 U.S.C. 
§ 105(a). 
There are no disputed facts material to this show cause proceeding regarding Epstein. The 
Movants have acknowledged that Epstein did not have the disc or even know of the disc's existence 
before being advised by Link & Rockenbach in February 2018. Further, Epstein has testified that 
he only received select documents from the disc in February 2018. The select documents were 
EFTA00806972
--- PAGE 7 ---
provided to Epstein after Link & Rockenbach located the disc in Fowler White's boxes in February 
2018. 
As this Court will see, there is not a shred of evidence that Epstein knew about the disc 
before learning about it from Link & Rockenbach in February 2018. Fanner Jaffe, Edwards and 
Intervenor L.M. bear the burden to demonstrate that Epstein violated the Agreed Order by clear 
and convincing evidence. However, Movants will admit that Epstein did not know the disc existed 
while it sat, untouched for more than seven years, in Fowler White's file room. Epstein had no 
knowledge of Fowler White's actions and, regardless of what Fowler White did or did not do, 
Epstein did not consent to any material action or omission by Fowler White. Epstein has repeatedly 
informed Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, Intervenor L.M. and this Court that he was never provided with 
a copy of the disc or its contents when Fowler White provided copies of documents to Farmer Jaffe 
and the Special Master in 2010 or thereafter, and only learned in February 2018 of the disc's 
existence and its contents. The Court has properly indicated that it is not considering the 
imposition of sanctions against Epstein for conduct occurring in the state court proceeding in 2018. 
At the conclusion of the show cause proceeding, therefore, based on the evidence, Epstein 
will respectfully request that the Court discharge the Order to Show Cause and deny all claims for 
relief by Farmer Jaffe, Edwards and Intervenor L.M. Epstein never violated the Agreed Order. 
EFTA00806973
--- PAGE 8 ---
CONCLUSION 
There is no material fact in dispute between Epstein and Farmer Jaffe, Edwards and 
Intervenor L.M. That is, the Movants for contempt have no evidence (in fact, they have admitted 
that they have none) that Epstein had the disc, knew about the disc or had any documents from the 
disc before February 2018. 
Accordingly, Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that this Court discharge its Order to 
Show Cause, deny Movants' request for Epstein to be held in contempt of court and to deny 
Movants' requests for sanctions and any other relief. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on October 
, 2018, a true and correct copy of the foregoing 
was served electronically to all registered users on the CM/ECF system, which includes counsel 
identified on the service list below. 
RICE PUGATCH ROBINSON STORFER & 
COHEN, PLLC 
101 N.E. Third Avenue, Suite 1800 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
[fax] 
By:  
CHAD P. PUGATCH (FBN 
- AND - 
I hereby certify that I am admitted to the Bar of the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to practice in this 
Court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
EFTA00806974
--- PAGE 9 ---
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
[fax] 
By: 
SCOTT J. LINK (FBN 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach FL 33409 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Brittany N. Henderson 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Farmer Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of 
Utah 
332 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
Peter E. Shapiro 
Shapiro Law 
8551 West Sunrise Boulevard, Suite 3000 
Plantation FL 33322 
Counsel for L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
Counsel for L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
Niall T. McLachlan 
Carlton Fields Jorden Burt, P.A. 
100 S.E. Second Street, Suite 4200 
Miami FL 33131 
Isaac M. Marcushamer 
Berger Singerman LLP 
1450 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1900 
Miami, FL 33131 
ounse or iqui atingTrustee 
Counsel for Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
EFTA00806975

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806976.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO. 09-34791-RBR 
CHAPTER 11 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S WRITTEN OPENING STATEMENT 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), pursuant to the Court's Order to Show Cause Why Fowler 
White and Jeffrey Epstein Should Not Be Held in Contempt and Scheduling Evidentiary Show 
Cause Hearing [D.E. 6366], submits this Written Opening Statement, and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
A. Background: Link & Rockenbach's Appearance in the State Court Proceeding, 
and the Circumstances of the CD's Discovery. 
On November 1, 2017, Epstein's counsel, Link & Rockenbach, PA, made its first 
appearance in Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards, and L.M., No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
(Fla. 15th Cir. Ct.), pending in state court in Palm Beach County, Florida (the "state court 
proceeding"). At that time, Link & Rockenbach had not yet received Epstein's files possessed by 
one of his former counsel—Fowler White Burnett, P.A. ("Fowler White"), whose representation 
of Epstein terminated over six years ago in May 2012.1 Epstein, as is his right, requested Fowler 
White to turn over his files to Link & Rockenbach. 
From the production it had received by that time, Link & Rockenbach did know that there 
had been a subset of documents produced in the litigation on May 7, 2012, which contained eighty-
four documents that had been listed on Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards Fistos & Lehrman, P.L.'s 
privilege log, that had nonetheless been filed with the state court, including as summary judgment 
evidence. Further, Link & Rockenbach knew that Edwards had testified to having reviewed 26,000 
pages of e-mails and producing them to Epstein. 
EFTA00806976
--- PAGE 2 ---
On January 10, 2018, Link & Rockenbach traveled to Miami, Florida, to review Fowler 
White's files associated with the state court proceeding, which filled approximately thirty-six 
boxes. Fowler White, however, was unwilling to release its boxes at that time, so Link & 
Rockenbach flagged items, from twenty-four boxes, to be copied. Inside one of those boxes, and 
flagged, was a compact disc ("CD") labeled "Epstein Bate Stamp." Link & Rockenbach did not 
review any materials, or the contents of any discs, during that visit. Epstein was not present. 
On February 1, 2018, Link & Rockenbach received three boxes from Fowler White 
containing copies of the items flagged for reproduction. Link & Rockenbach's review of the 
contents of the CD marked "Epstein Bate Stamp" on February 25, 2018 revealed 27,542 pages of 
emails that were consecutively Bates stamped, which did not contain a pre-fix indicating who 
produced them, or any watermark, confidentiality, or privilege designation. Of these, Link & 
Rockenbach reviewed approximately 5,000 pages, and ultimately identified forty-seven e-mails 
that it deemed pertinent to Epstein's defense in the state court proceeding. 
Link & Rockenbach then diligently reviewed the state court's and bankruptcy court's files 
for confidentiality stipulations or orders, searched former counsels' records, spoke with former 
counsel from Fowler White, and asked Edwards' counsel if any confidentiality orders governed 
the use of trial exhibits. These activities revealed that there were no confidentiality orders in effect. 
Further, other factors—including the fact that Edwards had testified about producing 26,000 pages 
of e-mails to Epstein, and that other documents had been produced in the case notwithstanding 
their identification on Farmer Jaffe's privilege log—indicated to Link & Rockenbach that the 
documents in its possession, derived from the CD, had previously been produced in the case. After 
undertaking these activities and analysis, Link & Rockenbach filed an illustrative sample of these 
e-mails as part of an Appendix, and served them, and others, to Edwards' counsel as part of a 
EFTA00806977
--- PAGE 3 ---
newly discovered trial exhibit list. Link & Rockenbach also provided copies of select e-mails to 
Epstein, his general counsel, and its co-counsel. 
As it turns out, less than two weeks later, Link & Rockenbach learned (through untoward 
accusations of unethical conduct) of Edwards' claim that these e-mails had not been produced and 
that allegedly Fowler White was in violation of this Court's November 2010 Agreed Order. On 
March 8, 2018, the parties in the state court proceeding attended a lengthy hearing where the trial 
judge—while finding that neither Link & Rockenbach nor Epstein had done anything wrong—
handed down extensive rulings governing further usage and safekeeping of the documents. Since 
then, pursuant to agreements of the parties and court orders, Link & Rockenbach (notwithstanding 
its claims that no privileges exist) has taken additional, extensive efforts to comply with the state 
court's rulings—and done more—to protect the purportedly privileged nature of the materials, 
including: 
• 
Ceasing any and all further dissemination of the documents, including those identified on 
the Appendix filed in the state court proceeding, the disclosed trial exhibits, or any other 
item contained on the CD that Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, and the Intervenors asserted a 
privilege over; 
• 
Consenting to the Intervenors' Motion to Seal Court Records Until the Court Makes a 
Determination on How the Documents Shall be Treated; 
• 
Working through the weekend of March 10-11, 2018, with Edwards' counsel and the duty 
judge to ultimately obtain an order sealing the allegedly privileged items which had been 
filed onto the public court docket; 
• 
Destroying the paper copy of the Redacted Appendix that was filed in the state court 
proceeding and deleting the electronic version from its computer system; 
• 
Placing the Unredacted Appendix in a sealed box to be maintained in its offices; 
• 
Placing an exhibit sticker on the trial exhibits and placing them in sealed envelopes, moving 
to make these records confidential, agreeing to an order sealing these filings, and retaining 
a set of these exhibits in a sealed envelope in a sealed box in its offices; 
EFTA00806978
--- PAGE 4 ---
• 
Placing the original CD in a sealed envelope and destroying all other hard copies of 
documents reproduced from the CD; and 
• 
Deleting an electronic duplicate of the CD and the electronic versions of all subject 
documents from an online service by which the documents were transmit, and beginning 
to delete saved electronic documents from its computer system (however, Link & 
Rockenbach ceased these steps based on Edwards' and the Intervenors' objections to 
further deletion of electronic documents). 
B. The Court's November 30, 2010 Agreed Order. 
Moving backwards in time, there is only one sentence of this Court's November 30, 2010 
Agreed Order (the "Agreed Order") that applies to Epstein: "Should it be determined that Fowler 
White or Epstein retained images or copies of the subject documents on its computer or otherwise, 
the Court retains jurisdiction to award sanctions in favor of Farmer, Brad Edwards or his client." 
[D.E. 1194, at 2]. Even assuming that this provision of the Agreed Order is sufficiently clear to 
warrant potential sanctions for its violation, the evidence will point to but a single conclusion: That 
Epstein never violated either the letter or the spirit of the Agreed Order. This Court entered the 
Agreed Order almost eight years ago in connection with Farmer Jaffe's efforts to comply with 
subpoenas that Epstein served on the Rothstein Rosenfeldt & Adler Trustee in 2010, because 
Farmer Jaffe did not want to pay for copies. The Agreed Order was a way to prevent a "gotcha" 
play by Fowler White after it provided copies of the subject documents to Special Master Carney 
and Farmer Jaffe, and served that purpose. The nearly eight-year-old Agreed Order in no way 
contemplated its violation under such unpredictable circumstances as those at hand. 
The evidence will show that Epstein was not provided with the CD by Fowler White and 
had no knowledge that the CD existed at all before 2018. Epstein never received copies of the 
allegedly privileged documents when Fowler White provided copies to Farmer Jaffe and the 
Special Master in 2010, never had the CD, never knew that it existed in the bowels of Fowler 
EFTA00806979
--- PAGE 5 ---
White's file room, untouched for seven years, and never had any of the documents that Farmer 
Jaffe, Edwards, and the Intervenors claim are privileged before 2018. 
In 2018, Link & Rockenbach shared select e-mails with Epstein—but he no longer has 
them. After the March 8, 2018 hearing in the state court proceeding, Link & Rockenbach notified 
its co-counsel, Epstein, and his general counsel to destroy all hard copies and electronic versions 
of the documents obtained from the CD. Epstein did so. Thus, the evidence will show that Epstein 
never violated the Agreed Order. This Court has properly indicated that it is not considering the 
imposition of sanctions against Epstein for conduct related to the state court proceeding in 2018. 
Nevertheless, in the event—which Epstein respectfully believes is unlikely—that the Court were 
to even evaluate whether Epstein's unintentional receipt of allegedly privileged documents from 
his own counsel in 2018, and his possession of them in electronic form for less than two weeks, 
amounts to a "violation" of the Agreed Order, the evidence will show that Epstein "substantially 
complied" with the Agreed Order in good faith at all material times. See D.E. 6366, at 3. 
As explained in greater detail below, the evidence will show that the Order to Show Cause 
should be discharged, and no sanction against Epstein imposed, for two reasons: I) Epstein never 
violated the Agreed Order, and 2) no sanction could either coerce Epstein into compliance or 
compensate Fanner Jaffe, Edwards, or the Intervenors for actual, compensatory losses—because 
they have none. Based on the evidence that has been and will be elicited in this show cause 
proceeding, Epstein respectfully requests that this Court discharge its Order to Show Cause, deny 
the requests of Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, and the Intervenors for Epstein to be held in contempt of 
court, or for any other sanctions against him. 
EFTA00806980
--- PAGE 6 ---
THE EVIDENCE WILL SHOW THAT THE ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE SHOULD BE 
DISCHARGED AND NO SANCTIONS IMPOSED 
A. The Evidence Will Show That Epstein Did Not Violate the Court's November 30, 
2010 Agreed Order 
The testimony in the depositions authorized by the Court, the sworn declarations of fact, 
and the evidence to be elicited at the evidentiary hearing on this Court's Order to Show Cause will 
show that Epstein never violated the Agreed Order, and accordingly, that there is no basis to hold 
him in statutory contempt or impose other sanctions under 11 U.S.C. § 105(a). 
Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, and the Intervenors bear the burden to demonstrate that Epstein 
violated the Agreed Order by clear and convincing evidence. However, the evidence will show 
that Epstein never retained the CD at issue, copies of images or documents on the CD at issue, and 
never knew the CD existed while it sat, untouched for seven years, in Fowler White's file room. 
Epstein had no knowledge of Fowler White's actions and, regardless of what Fowler White did 
nor did not do, did not consent to any material action or omission by Fowler White. Epstein has 
repeatedly informed Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, the Intervenors, and this Court that he was never 
provided with a copy of the CD or its contents when Fowler White provided copies of documents 
to Farmer Jaffe and the Special Master in 2010 or thereafter, and only learned in February 2018 of 
the CD's existence and its contents. 
The Court has properly indicated that it is not considering the imposition of sanctions 
against Epstein for conduct occurring in the state court proceeding in 2018. Even assuming 
arguendo that such conduct is within the scope of the Court's Order to Show Cause and rulings to 
date (though it is not), the evidence will illustrate the lack of any factual or legal basis to punish 
Epstein for his receipt of select e-mails from his counsel in 2018, when neither he nor his counsel 
knew of the subject claims of privilege at the time. After the hearing in the state court proceeding 
EFTA00806981
--- PAGE 7 ---
on March 8, 2018, Epstein destroyed the information from the electronic systems available to him 
in compliance with the directives of the state court and his counsel. Likewise, the evidence will 
show that Link & Rockenbach has taken extensive steps to safeguard the allegedly privileged 
information from dissemination since March 8, 2018, as listed above. 
Although Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, and the Intervenors do not seek sanctions against Link & 
Rockenbach, as Epstein's challenged conduct is completely intertwined with Link & 
Rockenbach's-it is important to note that Link & Rockenbach did nothing wrong. Indeed, the 
evidence will show that the state court judge expressly found as much. The evidence will also 
show that the former Ethics Director of the Florida Bar has opined that Link & Rockenbach did 
not wrongfully retain any of the materials in question and acted in an ethical and proper manner in 
all respects as it relates to its discovery of the materials on the CD, and in its handling of the matter 
in the state court proceeding after the claims of privilege by Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, and the 
Intervenors were brought to its attention. 
At the conclusion of the show cause proceeding, therefore, based on the evidence, Epstein 
will respectfully request that the Court discharge the Order to Show Cause and deny all claims for 
relief by Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, and the Intervenors. Epstein never violated the Agreed Order. 
B. The Evidence Will Show That Neither Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, Nor the 
Intervenors Are Entitled To Compensatory Sanctions From Epstein Because 
There Was No Violation, There Is Nothing To Compel Compliance With, And 
None Have Sustained Any Actual Losses 
In its Order to Show Cause, the Court stated that if it made a finding of civil contempt, it 
would consider imposing "compensatory sanctions for actual damages" incurred, recognizing that 
such sanctions may serve to "coerce the defendant into compliance with the court's order, and to 
compensate the complainant for losses sustained." [D.E. 6366, at 4] (citation omitted). The 
evidence, however, will show that there is nothing to coerce Epstein into compliance with, and 
EFTA00806982
--- PAGE 8 ---
that neither Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, nor the Intervenors are able to prove any actual damages 
attributable to Epstein's alleged violation of the Agreed Order. 
Initially, for the reasons stated above, the evidence will show that there is no sanction that 
could serve the purpose of coercing Epstein into compliance with the Agreed Order. There is 
nothing for Epstein to comply with. Epstein never retained images or copies of the privileged 
materials within the meaning of the Agreed Order. After possessing select allegedly privileged 
materials in 2018 for less than two weeks, he immediately destroyed them in compliance with 
rulings of the state court judge and the instructions of counsel. 
The evidence will also show that there is no sanction that could serve to compensate Farmer 
Jaffe, Edwards, or the Intervenors for losses sustained—because they have no damages. 
Concerning Farmer Jaffe and Edwards, Farmer Jaffe seeks attorneys' fees and costs paid to 
Edwards for bringing its Motion for Order to Show Cause, and a daily sanction of $1,000, while 
Edwards seeks attorneys' fees and costs for joining Farmer Jaffe's Motion for Order to Show 
Cause, attorneys' fees and costs related to state court proceedings, and a daily sanction of $1,000. 
See D.E. 6394. First, in light of the complex procedural history of this matter and state court 
proceedings involving the parties, the evidence will show that to consider Farmer Jaffe's claim for 
actual losses separate and apart from Edwards' claimed losses is non-sensical. Edwards was a 
partner in Farmer Jaffe when the Agreed Order was entered and when his former clients, the 
Intervenors, settled their state court claims against Epstein. Farmer Jaffe disbanded in 2017, and 
Edwards is acting both as a party and as counsel for Farmer Jaffe in these show cause proceedings. 
Second, the evidence will show that Farmer Jaffe and Edwards are disingenuously racking up 
attorneys' fees for the sole reason of claiming entitlement to those fees. In other words, Farmer 
Jaffe and Edwards seek attorneys' fees and costs for work performed after the CD and its contents 
EFTA00806983
--- PAGE 9 ---
were sealed, and Link & Rockenbach undertook the extensive actions, listed above, to comply 
with the state court's rulings and protect the allegedly privileged documents from further 
dissemination. Thus, the evidence will show that Farmer Jaffe's and Edwards' claim that attorneys' 
fees or costs were incurred for the sake of enforcing Epstein's compliance lacks merit. For these 
reasons too, their request for a daily sanction is illogical: Epstein is and remains in compliance. 
Third, neither Edwards nor Farmer Jaffe will provide evidence that they have paid their respective 
counsel any attorneys' fees or costs—nor can they because they are working on contingency fee 
bases. 
The Intervenors were directed by the Court to file a summary of their damages but, failed 
to list any actual damages they have suffered. The evidence will show that the $25,000 claimed 
per Intervenor is arbitrary, and not caused in any way by Epstein's alleged violation of the Agreed 
Order. Concerning Intervenors' claim for attorneys' fees, costs, and expenses, Intervenors' counsel 
has stated numerous times that he is working on this matter pro bono. Moreover, the evidence will 
show that as in the case of Farmer Jaffe and Edwards, that any such expenditures of time or 
expenses by Intervenors were caused solely by their own conduct. The requests for an Order to 
Show Cause all occurred after Epstein voluntarily agreed to seal the CD, and took the numerous 
steps to protect the allegedly privileged information described above. To the extent any attorneys' 
fees or costs have been incurred, the evidence will show that this is a classic example of having 
generated attorneys' fees purely for the sake of trying to collect those attorneys' fees. Where 
Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, and the Intervenors have filed a barrage of baseless motions for sanctions 
and contempt, the Court should not permit them to claim as damages the costs of filing those very 
baseless motions. The evidence will show that no attorneys' fees, costs, or expenses were incurred 
to actually enforce the Agreed Order. 
EFTA00806984
--- PAGE 10 ---
In sum, the evidence will show that Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, and the Intervenors have 
sustained no actual losses, and that their request for sanctions against Epstein is made solely to try 
to punish him and to gain a tactical advantage in the state court proceeding—not to seek 
compensation for any genuine, actual damages. Accordingly, at the conclusion of the show cause 
proceeding, based on the evidence, Epstein will respectfully request that the Court discharge the 
Order to Show Cause and deny all claims for relief by Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, and the Intervenors 
because Epstein never violated the Order. 
CONCLUSION 
The evidence in the instant show cause proceeding will show that Epstein never violated 
the Agreed Order and that, accordingly, there is no factual or legal basis to hold Epstein in civil 
contempt. The evidence will also show that there is no sanction that could coerce Epstein into 
compliance, because the CD has been sealed and there is nothing for him to comply with. The 
evidence will also show that neither Farmer Jaffe, Edwards, nor the Intervenors have incurred any 
actual, compensatory damages and that, while this Court has the authority to enforce its orders, 
their maintenance of this show cause proceeding under the circumstances is not for the purpose of 
protecting their privileged information, but is intended solely to seek to harass and punish Epstein. 
WHEREFORE, Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that this Court discharge its Order to 
Show Cause, deny Movants' request for Epstein to be held in contempt of court, and to deny 
Movants' requests for sanctions and any other relief. 
EFTA00806985
--- PAGE 11 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August _, 2018, a true and correct copy of the foregoing 
was served electronically to all registered users on the CM/ECF system, which includes counsel 
identified on the service list below. 
RICE PUGATCH ROBINSON STORFER & 
COHEN, PLLC 
101 N.E. Third Avenue, Suite 1800 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
fax] 
By:  
CHAD P. PUGATCH (FBN 
- AND - 
I hereby certify that I am admitted to the Bar of the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to practice in this 
Court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
[fax]
By: 
illiiiikid
M
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00806986
--- PAGE 12 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach FL 334 
ounse or ra ey . 
war s 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Brittany N. Henderson 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
ounse or •ruiner affe, Weissing, Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of 
Utah 
332 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
Counsel for L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
Peter E. Shapiro 
Shapiro Law 
8551 West Sunrise Boulevard, Suite 3000 
Plantation, FL 33322 
Counsel for L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
Niall T. McLachlan 
Carlton Fields Jorden Burt, P.A. 
100 S.E. Second Street, Suite 4200 
Miami, FL 33131 
Isaac M. Marcushamer 
Berger Singerman LLP 
1450 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1900 
Miami, FL 33131 
Counsel for Liquidating Trustee 
Counsel for Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
EFTA00806987

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00806988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00806988.pdf
----------------------------------------
OPERATING AGREEMENT 
OF 
PARK PARTNERS MANAGER LLC 
A Delaware Limited Liability Company 
THIS OPERATING AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") of Park Partners Manager 
LLC (the "Company"), effective as of the 5th day of June, 2015, is made by DAVID J. MITCHELL 
("Mitchell") as a Member and the Manager of the Company), FT REAL ESTATE, INC. ("FT"), as a 
Member, and any other person, trust or other legal entity ("Person") who becomes a member hereof 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (each, a "Member" and, collectively, the 
'Members"). 
1. 
Formation. The Company has been formed as a Delaware limited liability company 
under and pursuant to the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (as the same may be amended 
from time to time, the "Act"). 
2. 
Purposes. The purposes and business of the Company are to acquire, hold, manage, 
deal with and ultimately dispose of a membership interest in, and to act as the manager of, Park 
Partners LLC, a limited liability company formed to acquire, hold, renovate, manage, rent, convert to 
a condominium, and ultimately refinance, sell or lease condominium units in that certain building 
located at 320 East 82nd Street, New York, New York (the "Property"), and to engage in any other 
legal enterprise that is reasonably related thereto. It is the intent of the Members that the Company 
be operated in a manner consistent with its treatment as a "partnership" for federal, state and local 
income tax purposes. 
3. 
Term; Dissolution. Subject to the provisions of Section 12 hereof, the Company's 
existence shall continue until (i) the sale, assignment, condemnation or other disposition of all of the 
Property, or (ii) until the Members elect, in writing, to dissolve the Company. 
The death, 
resignation, withdrawal, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of a Member or the 
Manager shall not dissolve the Company. 
4. 
Members; Membership Interests. 
(a) 
Members and Their Interests. The initial Members are Mitchell and FT. A 
Member's "Percentage Interest" shall initially be the percentage which the Member's initial capital 
contribution to the Company bears to the total initial capital contributions of all Members. Based on 
the initial capital contributions to be made by the Members pursuant to Section 5(a), the initial 
Percentage Interests of Mitchell and FT will be fifty percent (50%) each. A Member's Percentage 
Interest shall be adjusted from time to time to reflect the effect of any transfers of the Member's 
membership interest in the Company, and the admission of additional Members in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement. A Member's "Membership Interest" shall be all of such Person's 
rights with respect to his interest in the Company, including without limitation his rights to 
distributions and allocations of profits and losses, rights to vote on or approve certain actions as 
provided in this Agreement, and any other rights, powers or obligations of a Member as set forth 
herein. 
(b) 
Admission of Additional Members. 
The Company shall not issue any 
additional Membership Interests in the Company without the prior written approval of Members 
452345.2•W 
EFTA00806988
--- PAGE 2 ---
holding at least ninety percent (90%) of the Percentage Interests of the Members (the -Required 
Approval Interest"). 
(c) 
Limitations on Power of Members. Except as expressly authorized by this 
Agreement, no Member shall, directly or indirectly, in the Member's capacity as a member of the 
Company, withdraw from the Company or require the Company to purchase the Member's 
Membership Interest. In addition, except as expressly authorized by this Agreement, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, no Member shall (i) dissolve, terminate or liquidate the Company, (ii) 
petition a court for the dissolution, termination or liquidation of the Company, or (iii) cause any 
property of the Company to be subject to the authority of any court, trustee or receiver (including 
suits for partition and bankruptcy, insolvency and similar proceedings). 
5. 
Contributions. 
(a) 
Initial Capital Contributions. Each of Mitchell and FT shall contribute 51000 
contemporaneously with the acquisition of the Property by Park Partners LLC. 
(b) 
Additional Contributions or Member Loans; Pre-emptive Rights to 
Participate. No Member shall be obligated to make any capital contributions in excess of its initial 
capital contribution required herein, no Member may make additional capital contributions unless 
first approved in writing with the Required Approval Interest, and no Member, principal of a 
Member or affiliate of a Member may make any loans to the Company unless first approved in 
writing with the Required Approval Interest. 
(c) 
Guarantees and Indemnities. No Member shall be required to execute and 
deliver any guarantees or indemnities with respect to any obligation or debt of the Company or 
pledge any personal assets as security for any debt or obligation of the Company. 
(d) 
No Interest on Capital: No Right to Demand Return of Capital. No Member 
shall receive any interest on any capital contribution to the Company unless the Members shall agree, 
in writing, with the Required Approval Interest. No Member shall have the right to demand a return 
of its contributions or the right to demand to receive property other than cash for its membership 
interest. Any return of the capital contributions of any Member shall be made solely from the assets 
of the Company and only in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
6. 
Distributions and Allocations. 
(a) 
Taxation; Capital Accounts. The Company shall establish and maintain a 
separate capital account (each, a "Capital Account") for each Member as specified in greater detail 
in Exhibit A hereto. 
(b) 
Capital Account Deficit. No Member with a deficit in its Capital Account 
shall be obligated to restore such deficit balance or make a capital contribution to the Company 
solely by reason of such deficit. 
(c) 
Allocations. Allocations of profits, losses and items of income, gain, loss, or 
expense shall be made in accordance with Exhibit A hereto. 
152345-2-W 
EFTA00806989
--- PAGE 3 ---
(d) 
Distributions. 
Except as otherwise provided in Section IQ hereof upon 
dissolution of the Company, after making any payments due on any Guarantor Loans and Member 
Loans, distributions to the Members and Assignees shall be made to the Members as follows: 
(i) first, to all Members, pro rata in proportion to their respective Unpaid 
Preferred Returns, until their Unpaid Preferred Returns are reduced to zero; 
(ii) second, to all Members, pro rata in proportion to their respective 
Unretumed Capital Contributions, until their Unreturned Capital Contributions are reduced to zero; 
and 
(iii) third, entirely to FT, until the total distributions made to FT pursuant to 
Section 6(d) of the operating agreement of Park Partners LLC and Section 6(d) of this Agreement 
equal a twenty percent (20%) Internal Rate of Return 1RR; and 
(iv) finally, entirely to Mitchell. 
"Preferred Return" as to any Member or Assignee as of any date means a cumulative return of 
seven percent (7%) per annum, not compounded, on the outstanding balance of the Member's or 
Assignee's Unretumed Capital Contributions. "Unpaid Preferred Return" as to any Member or 
Assignee as of any date means the Member's or Assignee's cumulative Preferred Return as of such 
date reduced, but not below zero, by the sum of all distributions made to the Member or Assignee 
pursuant to Section 6(d)(i) prior to that date. "Unreturned Capital Contributions" means, as to any 
Member as of any date, the sum of all capital contributions made by that Member prior to such date 
reduced, but not below zero, by the sum of all distributions made to that Member pursuant to Section 
6(d)(ii) prior to such date. Unless otherwise expressly provided, in writing, in the instrument of 
transfer, any Person who acquires a portion of a Member's interest in the Company pursuant to a 
transfer made in accordance with the terms of Section 9 hereof shall acquire and succeed to the 
corresponding proportionate part of the transferor's Unretumed Capital as of the date of transfer. 
Assignees (as defined in Section 6(e)) shall be treated as though they were Members for purposes of 
making distributions pursuant to this Section 6(d). "Internal Rate of Return" or "IRR" with 
respect to FT means the annual discount rate, at which the net present value of capital contributions 
made by FT to Park Partners LLC and this Company, calculated from and including the date each 
such capital contribution was made, equals the net present value of distributions by Park Partners 
LLC and this Company to FT, calculated from and including the date each such distribution was 
made, in both cases calculating the net present values as of the date the capital contribution was 
made. The IRR shall be compounded annually and shall be calculated on the basis of the actual 
number of days elapsed over a 365 or 366-day year, as the case may be. The IRR shall be calculated 
using the X1RR function in Microsoft Excel 2014 (or the most recently updated version of the 
software as of the date of the computation), taking specific contribution and distribution dates into 
account. 
From and after the date that FT receives a 20% IRR as determined in accordance with Section 
tl)(iii), FT shall, automatically and without the necessity of any further action or document, be 
deemed to, and shall have withdrawn as a Member of this Company, and shall have no further right, 
title or interest in or to this Company, its business, assets or distributions. 
(e) 
Withholding. The Manager is authorized to cause the Company to withhold 
from distributions or with respect to allocations and pay over to any federal, state, local or foreign 
452345.2-W 
EFTA00806990
--- PAGE 4 ---
government any amounts required, pursuant to any provisions of federal, state, local or foreign law, 
to be withheld with respect to any Member or assignee of an interest in the Company who is not 
admitted as a Member of the Company (an "Assignee"). All amounts so withheld shall be treated as 
amounts distributed to the Members or Assignees pursuant to Section 6(d) of this Agreement. To the 
extent any amount withheld with respect to a Member or Assignee pursuant to this Section 6(e)  for 
any year exceeds the amount distributable to such Member or Assignee for such year, such Member 
or Assignee shall pay such excess to the Company within ten (10) days after such Member or 
Assignee receives written notice from the Company of the amount of such excess. The Manager may 
require any Member and Assignee to provide such IRS tax forms and other information it requires to 
comply with federal and state withholding taxes on the Member's or Assignee's distributive share of 
taxable income or items of income and gain, as applicable, and each Member and Assignee agrees to 
promptly provide such requested information. 
(I) 
Tax Matters Partner. The Manager is hereby designated as the "Tax Matters 
Partner" under Section 6231(a)(7) of the IRC to manage administrative tax proceedings conducted 
at the LLC level by the Internal Revenue Service with respect to partnership tax matters. Each of the 
other Members expressly consents to such designation and agrees that, upon the request of the 
Manager, it will execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record at the appropriate public offices such 
documents as may be necessary or appropriate to evidence such consent. 
7. 
Management. 
(a) 
General. The full management and control of the Company, its business, 
affairs and assets shall be vested exclusively in the Company's "Manager" who shall initially be 
Mitchell (the "Manager"). The Manager shall have all the powers of a manager under the Act. 
Only the Manager or a person expressly authorized, in writing to do so shall have the power to 
execute any agreements, contracts, deeds or other instruments or to otherwise represent or act as an 
agent of or for the Company and shall have the power to bind the Company. The Manager may from 
time to time hire one or more persons to act as officers of the Company, or otherwise to manage the 
Company's day-to-day affairs, who shall have such management powers and responsibilities as the 
Manager shall designate and determine in the Manager's sole and absolute discretion, subject, 
however, to the management oversight of the Manager, and may designate such persons as 
"President," "Vice-President," "Secretary" or "Treasurer" or similar titles as customarily applicable 
with respect to their assigned duties. Persons hired or employed as such executive officers shall have 
the power, duties and responsibilities customarily attaching to their titular positions, or as otherwise 
specified or directed by the Manager and shall serve in such position at the Manager's discretion. 
The Manager shall determine the terms and conditions of any such employment in the Manager's 
sole and absolute discretion subject, however, to the requirements of Section 7(f) and other express 
provisions of this Agreement. 
(b) 
Manager Succession. So long as FT is a Member, Mitchell shall not resign 
as manager of the Company or cause Company to resign as manager of Park Partners LLC or assign 
Company's membership interest in Park Partners LLC without FT's prior written consent. Upon the 
permitted written resignation, death or disability of Mitchell as the Manager that renders him unable 
to substantially perform his management duties hereunder for a period of at least six successive 
months, the individual or entity that Mitchell then designates or has previously designated in writing 
as his successor (x) during the period that FT is a Member, with the written consent of FT, and 
thereafter, in written notice to the other Members and/or on file in the records of the Company in the 
form attached hereto as Exhibit B shall automatically succeed to his rights and powers as a Manager 
432345-2-W 
EFTA00806991
--- PAGE 5 ---
hereunder. If the Mitchell has failed to timely designate a successor, or the appointee does not desire 
to serve as the Manager of the Company, then the individual appointed by Members holding at least 
the Required Approval Interest shall have the right to appoint, in writing, a successor Manager. 
Cessation of Mitchell's status as a Manager shall not affect Mitchell's rights to distributions pursuant 
to Section 6(d).
(c) 
No Annual Meeting Required. The Company may, but is under no obligation 
to, hold any annual meeting of members. 
(d) 
Books and Records. True and correct books of account with respect to the 
operations of the Company shall be kept by the Manager at such place as shall be designated by the 
Manager. Any Member shall have the right to examine, or have its duly authorized representative 
examine, the books of account of the Company at any reasonable time. Upon the written request of 
any Member, the Manager will provide copies of any property reports and financial statements 
prepared by or for the Company; provided that any such Member agrees to keep such information 
confidential and not use it except for purposes of monitoring the Member's investment. 
(e) 
Banking. All funds of the Company shall be deposited in the Company's 
name in such account or accounts in the name of the Company as shall be designated by the 
Manager. The funds in such accounts shall be used solely for the business of the Company. 
Withdrawals from, or checks drawn upon, such accounts shall require the signature of such person or 
persons as are designated by the Manager from time to time. 
(0 
Compensation. The Manager shall not be entitled to any compensation for 
managing the Company (whether as an officer of the Company or otherwise), but shall be entitled to 
be reimbursed any expenses he incurs in performing such services, it being understood, however, that 
the foregoing restriction shall not reduce or limit Mitchell's rights to distributions as a Member of 
this Company 
(g) 
Dealing with Related Parties. Subject to Section 7(Q and the express terms 
and conditions of the operating agreement of Park Partners LLC, the Manager may cause Park 
Partners LLC to enter into agreements or arrangements with Members or Persons related to the 
Manager or any Members provided, however, that such agreements or other arrangements shall be on 
terms and conditions that are fair market terms and conditions or are substantially similar to those 
that would apply were the agreement or arrangement made by the Company with an unrelated Person 
in similar circumstances. 
(h) 
Time; Other Interests. The Manager and each Member shall devote such 
business time managing the affairs of, and working for the Company, as it deems reasonably 
necessary or advisable. Neither the Manager nor any Member shall be required to devote all or 
substantially all of their time and energies to the management of the Company. The Manger and each 
Member may engage in other business and civic activities, for compensation or otherwise. The 
manager and each Member and any person or entity who is an affiliate of a Member may engage or 
hold interests in other business ventures of every kind and description for its or its affiliate's own 
account, regardless of whether it or its affiliate shall have an interest in, be employed by or act as a 
consultant for business ventures that are in competition with the business of the Company. 
8. 
Liability; Indemnification. 
452345--2•W 
EFTA00806992
--- PAGE 6 ---
(a) 
No Personal Liability. Except to the extent required by the Act or other 
applicable law or as expressly provided in this Agreement, as amended from time to time, or as 
otherwise specifically contractually agreed with a creditor, all debts, obligations and liabilities of the 
Company, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be solely the debts, obligations and 
liabilities of the Company and no Manager or Member shall have any personal liability for any such 
debt, obligation or liability of the Company solely by reason of being a Manager or Member or 
exercising management authority as a Manager or Member. 
(b) 
Indemnification As to Third Party Claims. To the fullest extent permitted by 
the Act, (i) the Manager is exculpated for any liability to third parties (i.e., persons other than the 
Members) for the Member's acts or omissions in connection with the business of the Company or by 
virtue of the Manager's status as a manager, member, officer or employee of the Company, and (iii) 
the Company shall indemnify and hold the Manager harmless from any and all costs, losses, 
liabilities, claims, damages and expenses and claims or alleged claim, of any nature whatsoever, 
known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, that arc incurred by the Manager with respect to third 
parties (collectively, "Losses and Claims") by reason of any act performed or omitted to be 
performed by the Manager in connection with the business of the Company or by virtue of the 
Manager's status as a manager, member, officer or employee of the Company. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, it is understood and agreed that the Manager shall not be exculpated or indemnified for 
any Losses and Claims to the extent that that such liability or Losses and Claims are the result of the 
Manager's gross negligence or a knowing violation of applicable law. 
9. 
Assignment. 
(a) 
Restrictions on Transfer Based on Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement, no Member may assign, transfer, pledge, grant an option in or 
otherwise encumber ("Transfer") all or any portion of its Membership Interest in the Company 
including without limitation any Economic Rights therein (as defined below), if such Transfer is 
prohibited by the provisions of any agreement between the Company or Park Partners LLC and any 
lender providing financing secured by the Property. In order to avoid inadvertent violations of such 
loan agreements, any Member who is contemplating making any Transfer of all or any portion of a 
Membership Interest shall first notify the Manager, in writing, of the proposed transfer at least fifteen 
(15) business days prior to the intended date for such Transfer and shall not effect any such Transfer 
unless and until the Manager notifies the Member, in writing, that the transfer is permitted under the 
terms of the Company's loan documents. A Member's "Economic Rights" are the Member's rights 
to receive distributions (in the Member's capacity as a Member) and allocations of profits and losses, 
or items of income, gain, loss and expense, as provided herein. Any transferee shall be subject to the 
terms and conditions of this Section 9. 
(b) 
General. Except as specifically provided in Section 9(c), (i) no Member may 
assign, pledge or otherwise transfer all or any portion of his Membership Interest in the Company 
(including but not limited to a transfer of a merely economic interest in the Company), and (ii) no 
transferee or assignee, may be admitted as a Member of the Company, in each case without the prior 
written approval of the Manager and the non-Transferring Member, the granting or withholding of 
which shall be in the Manager's and non-transferring Member's sole and absolute discretion. Except 
as provided in Section 9(c), a transfer of a Membership Interest or any portion thereof shall convey 
only "Economic Rights," as defined below, in the Company unless and until the Manager approves 
admission as a Member, in his sole discretion. Any transferee shall, as a condition to being admitted 
as a Member, execute a signature addendum to this Agreement agreeing to be bound by the terms 
452345.2•W 
EFTA00806993
--- PAGE 7 ---
and conditions of this Agreement ("Signature Addendum"). Promptly following any transfer of all 
or any portion of a membership interest pursuant to Section 9(c) the transferor shall provide the 
Manager with a copy of the executed document or instrument effecting the transfer. 
(c) 
Certain Permitted Transfers Upon or Following Death. Notwithstanding 
Section 9(b) but subject to Section 9(a), any Member may assign the whole or any part of his or its 
interest in the Company to a Permitted Transferee in accordance with the terms of this Section 9(c). 
Permitted Transferees shall be admitted as Members upon presentation of a copy of the instrument of 
transfer to the Manager and other Members and execution of the Signature Addendum and delivery 
thereof to the Manager. With respect to a Member that is an individual, the term "Permitted 
Transferee" means all or any of the following persons: 
(i) 
such individual's estate on death or authorized representative upon a 
judicial determination of incompetency; and 
(ii) 
pursuant to such individual's last will and testament or as required 
applicable state intestacy laws following such individuals' death, to 
such individual's (A) descendants (whether natural or by adoption), 
full brothers and sisters (whether natural or adopted), and descendants 
of any such full brothers or sisters (whether natural or adopted), and 
(B) any trust substantially all of the beneficial interests in which are 
owned by one or more of the individuals identified in clause (A); and 
with respect to a Member that is an entity, the term "Permitted Transferee" means all or any of the 
following: 
(iii) 
any entity directly or indirectly controlled by such Member and more 
than fifty percent (50%) of the beneficial interests of which are 
owned, directly or indirectly by such Member; or 
(iv) 
any other entity that is, directly or indirectly, under common control 
with the Member and more than fifty percent (50%) of the beneficial 
interests of which are owned, directly or indirectly, the same Persons 
that own, directly or indirectly, the Member. 
10. 
Liquidation. Following dissolution of the Company in accordance with Section 3 
above, the Company's business shall be wound up and the Company liquidated, in a manner 
designed to preserve or realize the fair value of the Company's assets. The proceeds of the 
liquidation shall be distributed in the following manner: 
(a) 
first, to the payments of the expenses of liquidation; 
(b) 
second, to pay the debts and obligations of the Company; 
(c) 
third, to the establishment of any reserve which the Manager shall deem 
reasonably necessary for contingent or unforeseen liabilities; 
(d) 
finally, to the Members in accordance with the terms of Section 6(d). 
452345-2-W 
EFTA00806994
--- PAGE 8 ---
II. 
Miscellaneous. 
(a) 
Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, excluding its rules applicable to conflict-
of-laws. The Manager and Members agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the 
State and Federal courts of the City and County of New York, New York in connection with any 
dispute related to this Agreement. 
(b) 
Notices. All notices, demands, offers or other communications required or 
permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by prepaid registered or certified 
mail, return receipt requested overnight delivery service, or by hand delivery, and addressed to the 
other party hereto at such party's address set forth in Exhibit A (as the same shall be amended from 
time to time), and shall be deemed given upon the date the return receipt is signed on behalf of the 
receiving party or, if hand delivered, upon delivery. 
(c) 
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the Members and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
(d) 
Severabill . If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be 
unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such provision shall be deemed to be severed from this 
Agreement and every other provision of this Agreement shall remain in force and effect. 
(e) 
No Waiver. The waiver by any Member of any matter provided herein shall 
be effective only if made in writing and signed by such Member. 
(0 
Entire Agreement Amendment. This Agreement sets forth the entire 
agreement and understanding of the Members and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings, 
whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
This Agreement may only be amended by a writing signed by Members holding the Required 
Approval Interest and designated as an amendment or modification of this Agreement. 
(g) 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts 
and by facsimile, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument. 
[Signatures on next page.] 
452345.2-W 
EFTA00806995
--- PAGE 9 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and 
year first above written. 
David J. Mitchell, as Manager and Member 
FT REAL ESTATE, INC. 
Br.c. 
/W.A.& 614/141‘ 
Darren Indyke, Vice President 
Signature Page to Operating Agreement of Park Partners Manager LLC 
452345.2-W 
EFTA00806996
--- PAGE 10 ---
EXHIBIT A 
Allocations of Profits and Losses 
Note: The following provisions shall apply commencing on the date that the Company has more than 
one Member or a Member and any Assignee(s). All Assignees shall be treated as though they were 
"Members"for purposes of applying this Exhibit A. 
AA-1 
Defined Terms. 
(a) 
"Adjusted Capital Account Deficit" means, with respect to any Member, the deficit 
balance, if any, in such Member's Capital Account as of the end of the relevant Fiscal Year, after giving 
effect to the following adjustments: 
(i) Credit to such Capital Account any amounts which such Member is obligated to 
restore pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to the 
penultimate sentences of Regulations Sections 1.704-2(gX1) and 1.704-2(iX5); and 
(ii) Debit to such Capital Account the items described in Regulations Sections 1.704-
1(bX2XiiXd)(4), 1.704-1(bX2XiiXd)(5), and 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd)(6). 
The foregoing definition of "Adjusted Capital Account Deficit" is intended to comply with the provisions 
of Section 1.704-1(d)(b)(2XiiXd) of the Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 
(b) 
"Asset Value" with respect to any asset means the asset's adjusted basis for federal 
income tax purposes, except as follows: 
(i) 
The initial Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Member to the Company 
shall be the value of such asset, as agreed to by the contributing Member and the Manager. 
(ii) 
The Asset Values of all Company Assets shall be adjusted to equal their 
respective gross fair market values, as reasonably determined by the Manager, and the resulting 
unrecognized gain or loss shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts of the Members as though such assets 
had been sold for their respective fair market values, as of the following times: (1) the acquisition of an 
additional interest in the Company by any new or existing Member in exchange for more than a de 
minimis Capital Contribution; (2) the distribution by the Company to a Member of more than a de 
minimis amount of Company Assets as consideration for an interest in the Company; and (3) the 
liquidation of the Company within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704 1(bX2)(iiXg); provided, 
however, that the adjustments pursuant to clauses (1) and (2) above shall be made only if the Manager 
reasonably determines that such adjustments are necessary or appropriate to reflect the relative economic 
interests of the Members in the Company. 
(iii) 
The Asset Value of any Company Asset distributed to any Member shall be the 
gross fair market value of such asset on the date of distribution. 
(iv) 
The Asset Values of Company Assets shall be increased (or decreased) to reflect 
any adjustments to the adjusted basis of such assets pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section 
743(b), but only to the extent that such adjustments are taken into account in determining Capital 
Accounts pursuant to Treasury Regulations § 1.704 l(bX2XivXm); provided, however, that Asset Values 
shall not be adjusted pursuant to this (iv) to the extent the Manager determines that an adjustment 
pursuant to (ii) above is necessary or appropriate in connection with a transaction that would otherwise 
result in an adjustment pursuant to this (iv). 
A - I 
452345.2-W 
EFTA00806997
--- PAGE 11 ---
If the Asset Value of an asset has been determined or adjusted pursuant to (i), (ii), or (iv) above, such 
Asset Value shall thereafter be adjusted by the depreciation taken into account with respect to such asset 
for purposes of computing Company profits and losses. 
(c) 
"Capital Account" means, with respect to any Member, the Capital Account maintained 
for such Member in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) To each Member's Capital Account there shall be credited such Member's Capital 
Contribution, such Member's distributive share of Net Income and any item in the nature of income or 
gain which is specially allocated pursuant to Section A-4, and the amount of any Company liabilities 
assumed by such Member or which are secured by any property distributed to such Member; 
(ii) To each Member's Capital Account there shall be debited the amount of cash and the 
Asset Value of any property distributed to such Member pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, 
such Member's distributive share of Net Loss and any item in the nature of expense or loss which is 
specially allocated pursuant to Section A-4, and the amount of any liabilities of such Member assumed by 
the Company or which are secured by any property contributed by such Member to the Company; 
(iii) In the event all or a portion of an Interest in the Company is Transferred in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Transferee shall succeed to the Capital Account of the 
Transferor to the extent that it relates to the Transferred interest; and 
(iv) In determining the amount of any liability for purposes of subdivisions (i) and (ii) 
there shall be taken into account Code Section 752(c) and any other applicable provisions of the Code and 
Regulations. 
The foregoing provision and other provisions of this Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital 
Accounts are intended to comply with Regulations Section 1.704-1(b) and shall be interpreted and applied 
in a manner consistent with such Regulations. 
(d) 
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same has been amended. 
(e) 
"Company Minimum Gain" has the same meaning as "partnership minimum gain" set 
forth in Regulations Sections I .704-2(bX2) and 1.704-2(d). 
(ft 
"Depreciation" means, for each Fiscal Year, an amount equal to the depreciation, 
amortization, or other cost recovery deduction allowable for Federal income tax purposes with respect to 
an asset for such Fiscal Year, except that (i) with respect to any asset the Asset Value of which differs 
from its adjusted tax basis for Federal income tax purposes at the beginning of such Fiscal Year and 
which difference is being eliminated by use of the "remedial method" as defined by Section 1.704-3(d) of 
the Regulations, Depreciation for such Fiscal Year shall be the amount of book basis recovered for such 
Fiscal Year under the rules prescribed by Section I .704-3(dX2) of the Regulations, and (ii) with respect to 
any other asset the Asset Value of which differs from its adjusted tax basis for Federal income tax 
purposes at the beginning of such Fiscal Year, Depreciation shall be an amount which bears the same 
ratio to such beginning Asset Value as the Federal income tax depreciation, amortization, or other cost 
recovery deduction for such Fiscal Year bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis; provided, however.
that in the case of clause (ii) above, if the adjusted tax basis for Federal income tax purposes of an asset at 
the beginning of such Fiscal Year is zero, Depreciation shall be determined with reference to such 
beginning Asset Value using any reasonable method selected by the Non-Member Manager. 
(g) 
"Fiscal Year" means the calendar year, except that if the Company is required by the 
Code to use a taxable year other than a calendar year. then Fiscal Year shall mean such taxable year. 
A - 2 
452345-2-W 
EFTA00806998
--- PAGE 12 ---
(h) 
"Member Nonrecourse Debt" has the same meaning as the term "partner nonrecourse 
debt" set forth in Regulations Section I.704-2(bX4). 
(i) 
"Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Cain" means an amount, with respect to each 
Member Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the Company Minimum Gain that would result if the Member 
Nonrccourse Debt were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance with Regulations 
Section 1.704-2(iX3). 
(.1) 
"Member Nonrecourse Deductions" has the same meaning as the term "partner 
nonrecourse deductions" set forth in Regulations Sections I.704-2(iX1) and 1.704-2(i)(2). 
(k) 
"Net Profits" and "Net Losses" means, for each Fiscal Year or relevant portion thereof, 
an amount equal to the Company's taxable income or loss for such Fiscal Year or period, determined in 
accordance with Code Section 703(a) (for this purpose, all items of income, gain, loss or deduction 
required to be stated separately pursuant to Code Section 703(aX I) shall be included in taxable income or 
loss) with the following adjustments: 
(i) Any income of the Company that is exempt from Federal income tax, and to the extent 
not otherwise taken into account in computing Net Profits or Net Losses pursuant to this paragraph, shall 
be added to such taxable income or loss; 
(ii) Any expenditures of the Company described in Code Section 705(aX2)(8) or treated 
as Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-1(bX2Xiv)(i), and to 
the extent not otherwise taken into account in computing Net Profits or Net Losses pursuant to this 
paragraph, shall be subtracted from such taxable income or loss; 
(iii) In the event the Asset Value of any Company asset is adjusted pursuant to 
subdivisions (ii) or (iii) of the definition of Asset Value herein, the amount of such adjustment shall be 
taken into account as gain or loss from the disposition of such asset for purposes of computing Net Profits 
or Net Losses; 
(iv) Gain or loss resulting from any disposition of Company property with respect to 
which gain or loss is recognized for Federal income tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the 
Asset Value of the property disposed of, notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such property 
differs from its Asset Value; 
(v) In lieu of depreciation, amortization, and other cost recovery deductions taken into 
account in computing such taxable income or loss, there shall be taken into account Depreciation for such 
calendar year; and 
(vi) Any items which are specially allocated pursuant to the provisions of Section A-4 of 
Exhibit A shall not be taken into account in computing Net Profits or Net Losses. 
(I) 
"Non recourse Liability" has the meaning set forth in Regulations Section 1.752-1(a)(2). 
(m) 
"Regulation(s)" means the U-S. Department of Treasury, Regulations promulgated under 
the Code. 
A - 3 
452345-2-W 
EFTA00806999
--- PAGE 13 ---
A-2 
Capital Accoun►s. A separate Capital Account shall be established and maintained for each 
Member. In the event that all or a portion of the limited liability company interest of a Member are 
Transferred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the transferee of such assigned limited 
liability company interest shall also succeed to all or the relevant portion of the Capital Account of the 
transferor, unless the instrument of Transfer specifies the parties to such assignment intend that only a 
"profits interest" is to be Transferred. No Member shall have any obligation to repay any deficit balance 
in its Capital Account. 
A-3 
General Allocations. 
(a) 
 Hypothetical Liquidation. The items of income, gain, loss and expense of the Company 
comprising Net Profits or Net Losses for a Fiscal Year shall be allocated among the Persons who were 
Members during such Fiscal Year in a manner that will, as nearly as possible, cause the Capital Account 
balance of each Member at the end of such Fiscal Year to equal the excess (which may be negative) of: 
(i) 
the amount of the hypothetical distribution (if any) that such Member would 
receive if, on the last day of the Fiscal Year, (x) all Company assets, including cash, were sold for 
cash in an amount equal to their Asset Values, taking into account any adjustments thereto for 
such Fiscal Year, (y) all Company liabilities were satisfied in cash according to their terms 
(limited, with respect to each Nonrecourse Liability or Member Nonrecourse Debt in respect of 
such Member, to the Asset Values of the assets securing such liability), and (z) the net proceeds 
thereof (after satisfaction of such liabilities) were distributed in full pursuant to Section 10, over 
(ii) 
the sum of (x) the amount, if any, without duplication, that such Member would 
be obligated to contribute to the capital of the Company, (y) such Member's share of Company 
Minimum Gain determined pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-2(g) and (z) such Member's 
share of Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain determined pursuant to Regulations Section 
I .704-2(iX5), all computed as of the hypothetical sale described in Section A-3(a)(i) above. 
(b) 
Loss Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section A-3, the 
amount of items of Company expense and loss allocated pursuant to this Section A-3 to any Member shall 
not exceed the maximum amount of such items that can be so allocated without causing such Member to 
have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit at the end of any Fiscal Year, unless each Member would have 
an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit. All such items in excess of the limitation set forth in this Section 
A-3(b) shall be allocated first, to Members who would not have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, pro 
raw, in proportion to their Capital Account balances, adjusted as provided in clauses (i) and (ii) of the 
definition of Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, until no Member would be entitled to any further 
allocation, and, thereafter, to all Members, pro rata, in proportion to their respective Percentage Interests. 
A-4 
Special Allocations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Exhibit A: 
(a) 
Nonrecourse Deductions. Nonrecourse Deductions shall be allocated to the Members 
pro rata, in accordance with their Percentage Interests. 
(b) 
Member Nonrecourse Deductions. Member Nonrecourse Deductions shall be allocated 
to the Member who bears the economic risk of loss with respect to the liability to which such Member 
Nonrecourse Deductions are attributable in accordance with Section 1.704-2(j) of the Regulations. 
(c) 
Minimum Gain Cbargeback. If there is a net decrease in Company Minimum Gain or 
in Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain during a Company Fiscal Year, the Members shall be 
A - 4 
452145.2-W 
EFTA00807000
--- PAGE 14 ---
allocated items of Company income and gain in accordance with Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-
2(f) and I.704-2(iX4). 
(d) 
Qualified Income Offset. 
In addition, in the event that any Member has a deficit 
Capital Account at the end of any Fiscal Year that is in excess of the sum of (a) the amount, if any, that 
such Member is obligated to restore pursuant to this Agreement, and (b) the amount such Member is 
deemed obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of Sections 1.704-2(gXO and 1.704-
2(iX5) of the Regulations, each such Member shall be specially allocated items of Company income and 
gain (consisting of a pro rata portion of each item of income and gain of the Company for such Fiscal 
Year in accordance with Regulations section I.704-1(b)(2)(iiXd)) in the amount of such excess as quickly 
as possible; provided, however, that such an allocation shall be made only if and to the extent that a 
Member would have a deficit Capital Account in excess of such sum after all other allocations provided 
for in this Section A-4 have been tentatively made as if this sentence were not in this Agreement. This 
Section A-4(d) is intended to comply with the qualified income offset requirement of Section 1.704-
1(bX2XiiXd) of the Regulations and shall be interpreted and applied consistently therewith. 
A-5 
Tax Allocations. 
(a) 
Code Section 704(b)  Allocations. 
(i) 
Each item of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit for Federal income tax 
purposes that corresponds to an item of income, gain, loss or expense that is either taken into account in 
computing Net Profits or Net Losses or is specially allocated pursuant to Section A-4 (a "Book Item") 
shall be allocated among the Members in the same proportion as the corresponding Book Item. 
(ii) 
If the Company recognizes Depreciation Recapture (as defined below) in respect 
of the sale of any Company asset: 
(A) 
the portion of the gain on such sale which is allocated to a Member 
pursuant to Section A-3 or Section A-4 shall be treated as consisting of a portion of the Company's 
Depreciation Recapture on the sale and a portion of the Company's remaining gain on such sale under 
principles consistent with Regulations Section 1.1245-I; and 
(B) 
if, for Federal income tax purposes, the Company recognizes both 
"unrecaptured Section 1250 gain" (as defined in Section I (h) of the Code) and gain treated as ordinary 
income under Section 1250(a) of the Code in respect of such sale, the amount treated as Depreciation 
Recapture under clause (i) above shall be comprised of a proportionate share of both such types of gain. 
For purposes of this Section A-5(a), "Depreciation Recapture" means the portion of any gain from the 
disposition of an asset of the Company which, for Federal income tax purposes, (i) is treated as ordinary 
income under Section 1245 of the Code, (ii) is treated as ordinary income under Section 1250 of the Code 
or (iii) is "unrecaptured Section 1250 gain" as such term is defined in Section 1(h) of the Code. 
(b) 
Code Section 704(e) Allocations. 
(i) 
In accordance with Section 704(c) of the Code, income, gain, loss and deduction 
with respect to any property contributed to the Company with an adjusted basis for Federal income tax 
purposes different than the initial Asset Value at which such property was accepted by the Company 
shall, solely for tax purposes, be allocated among the Members in a manner determined by the Tax 
Matters Member (as defined below) so as to take into account such difference in a manner that complies 
with Section 704(c) and the applicable Treasury Regulations. The Company, in the discretion of the 
A - 5 
452345-2-W 
EFTA00807001
--- PAGE 15 ---
Manager, may make, or not make, "curative" or "remedial" allocations (within the meaning of the 
Regulations under Section 704(c) of the Code) including: 
(A) 
"curative" allocations which offset the effect of the "ceiling rule" for a 
prior Fiscal Year (within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-3(cX3)(O): and 
(B) 
"curative" allocations from dispositions of contributed property (within 
the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-3(c)(3Xiii)(B)). 
(ii) 
If upon the acquisition of an additional limited liability company interest in the 
Company by a new or existing Member the Asset Value of any of the assets of the Company are adjusted 
as required pursuant to the definition of "Asset Value", subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss and 
deduction with respect to such assets shall, solely for tax purposes, be allocated among the Members in a 
manner determined by the Manager so as to take into account such adjustment in a manner that complies 
with Section 704(c) of the Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
(iii) 
The allocations required by this Section A-5(b) are solely for purposes of Federal 
and, as applicable, state and local, income tax purposes and shall not affect the allocation of Net Profits or 
Net Losses as between Members or any Member's Capital Account. 
4-6 
Tax Matters Member. The Manager is hereby designated the "Tax Matters Member" and shall 
serve as the tax matters partner (as defined in Code Section 6231) of the Company. 
A - 6 
452345-2-W 
EFTA00807002
--- PAGE 16 ---
EXHIBIT B 
MANAGER SUCCESSOR DESIGNATION 
Note: When completed, a copy of this Manager Successor Designation should be provided to all 
Members (except that the Manager need not provide a copy to himself) and the original should be filed 
in the records of the Company. 
Dated effective 
, 20 . 
The undersigned hereby revokes any and all designations of Manager successor made prior to the date 
hereof. 
The undersigned manager of Park Partners Manager LLC hereby designates 
, having an address at 
, to be 
the successor to the position of Manager of Park Partners Manager LLC effective as of 
 [specify date]. 
In the event that at such time 
does not wish to become successor, then the 
undersigned hereby designates 
, having an address at 
to become the successor Manager. 
In witness whereof, the undersigned has made this Manager Successor Designation as of the date first 
written above. 
DAVID J. MITCHELL 
APPROVED {required so long as FT is a Member): 
FT REAL ESTATE, INC. 
By: 
Darren Indyke, Vice President 
C - I 
452345.2.W 
EFTA00807003

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807004.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
********************************** 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
CHRISTIAN KJAER in personam, & 
PARCEL 11, ESTATE NAZARETH, 
ST. THOMAS, U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS in rem, 
Defendant. 
) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
) 
CIVIL NO. ST-18-CV-293 
ACTION FOR ENFORCEMENT 
OF COVENANT, INJUNCTIVE 
RELIEF, PRIVATE NUISANCE, 
DIMINUTION OF VALUE, 
UNJUST ENRICHMENT & 
ACCOUNTING 
OPPOSITION TO MOTION TO DISMISS 
COMES NOW, Plaintiff GREAT ST. JIM, LW, by and through its undersigned counsel 
ICELLERHALs FERGUSON KR0BLEN PLLC, and hereby opposes Defendants Christian Kjaer and 
Parcel II 's Motion to Dismiss and in support thereof states as follows: 
I. 
Intro 
Plaintiff Great St. Jim, LLC ("GSJ") acquired title to Great. St. James Island ("Great St. 
James") in 2016. Great St. James is located off the eastern end of St. Thomas. As set forth in the 
Complaint, Defendants Christian Kjaer ("Kjaer") is the record owner of certain real property 
described as Parcel 11 Estate Nazareth, Red Hook Quarter, St. Thomas, Virgin Islands. Complaint 
at ¶¶ 2-3. Parcel II, which is located on St. Thomas itself, is subject to a restrictive covenant that 
benefits the owner of Great St. James. The covenant provides that Parcel 11 
shall be used exclusively for a dock, wharf, or landing facilities for boats of owners 
or occupants of premises situation on Great St. James Island, St. Thomas, V.I., or 
their licensees or invitees, and as the site of such shelter, garages, storage buildings, 
or like facilities as are incident to such use. 
Complaint at ¶¶ 7-8. 
EFTA00807004
--- PAGE 2 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 2 of 14 
Kjaer is using Parcel 11 in the operation of a business, from which he derives income, that 
is not for the purpose of benefiting Great St. James. His use of Parcel 11 violates the restrictive 
covenant because, in sum, the restrictive covenant limits the use of Parcel 11 to the "exclusive" 
use of the owners and occupants of Great St. James for purposes of transportation to and from 
Great St. James. Accordingly, GSJ filed a Complaint asserting five causes of action: Enforcement 
of Restrictive Covenant Against Kjaer & Parcel 11 (Count One); Private Nuisance Against Kjaer 
and Parcel II (Count Two); Action for Declaratory Judgment Against Kjaer & Parcel 11 (Count 
Three); Diminution of Value of Plaintiffs Property Against Kjaer & Parcel II (Count Four); and 
Unjust Enrichment & Action for Accounting Against Kjaer (Count Five). 
Defendants Christian Kjaer ("Kjaer") and Parcel 11 formally appeared in this action and 
filed what purports to be a Motion to Dismiss. Defendants' Motion is more akin to a motion for 
summary judgment because it improperly attempts to refute the factual basis of the Complaint. 
Defendant's Motion is also premised on the old, no longer applicable plausibility standard of 
review. 
As set forth below, Defendants' Motion must be denied as it fails to identify any valid basis 
for dismissal pursuant to the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure. 
II. 
Complaint More Than Meets Notice Pleading Standard 
The Complaint more than adequately states causes of action for enforcement of restrictive 
covenant, private nuisance, declaratory judgment, diminution of value of Plaintiff's property, and 
unjust enrichment, and an action for accounting. Under the current Virgin Islands notice pleading 
standard the Complaint is clearly sufficient. Accordingly, Defendants' Motion to Dismiss must 
be denied. 
A. Applicable Standard of Review 
EFTA00807005
--- PAGE 3 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-18-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 3 of 14 
Rule 8 of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure governs motions to dismiss. Rule 
8(a) provides that "a pleading that states a claim for relief must contain . . . a short and plain 
statement of the claim showing that the pleader is entitled to relief' and expressly recognizes that 
"this is a notice pleading jurisdiction." 
Defendants' Motion erroneously suggests that the plausibility test articulated in Bell Atl. 
Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544 (2007) is the standard applicable to motions to dismiss in the 
Virgin Islands. 
Rule 8 of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure, which became effective on March 
31, 2017 well before the instant Complaint was filed on May 22, 2018, "expressly states that the 
Virgin Islands `is a notice pleading jurisdiction,' and the Reporter's Note eliminates any doubt that 
this language is calculated to `apply [ ] an approach that declines to enter dismissals of cases based 
on failure to allege specific facts which, if established, plausibly entitle the pleader to relief.'" 
Mills-Williams v. Mapp, 67 V.I. 574, 585 (V.I. 2017) (citing V.I. R. Ctv. P. 8 Reporter's Note 
(emphasis added) (internal citations omitted)). The commentary following V.I. R. Civ. P. 8 
explains that "[I]anguage has been included in Rule 8(a) to note that practice in the Virgin Islands 
continues to adhere to the traditional "notice" pleading ethos as many states and territories have 
chosen to do, applying an approach that declines to enter dismissals of cases based on failure to 
allege specific facts which, if established, plausibly entitle the pleader to relief." Therefore, as the 
Supreme Court of the Virgin Islands has observed, "going forward, it is clear that the adoption of 
Rule 8 of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure supersedes our prior precedents which 
imposed the Twombly plausibility standard by virtue of the now-amended Superior Court Rule 7, 
and restores the notice pleading regime that had previously been in effect." Mills-Williams v. 
Mapp, 67 V.I. at 585. 
EFTA00807006
--- PAGE 4 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 4 of 14 
In Brathwaite v. H.D.V.I. Holding Co., No. ST-16-CV-764, 2017 WL 2295123, at *2 (V.I. 
Super. May 24, 2017), the Superior Court, applying the notice pleading standard under V.I. R. Ctv. 
P. 8, considered whether "a complaint adequately alleges facts that put an accused party on notice 
of claims brought against it." To the extent the "truth" of the facts alleged in the Complaint is 
considered, the Complaint's allegations are assumed true. See Finn v. Adams, No. ST-16-CV-752, 
2018 WL 3756421, at *4 (V.I. Super. Aug. 6, 2018) (applying notice pleading standard under V.I. 
R. Ctv. P. 8(a) and assuming truth of facts alleged in complaint). Accordingly, pursuant to V.I. R. 
Ctv. P. 8, when evaluating a motion to dismiss, the Superior Court evaluates whether a complaint 
adequately alleges facts that put an accused party on notice of the claims brought against it. 
In evaluating a motion to dismiss, the Court considers only the pleadings themselves. 
Pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 12(d): 
If, on a motion under Rule 12(b)(6) or 12(c), matters outside the pleadings are 
presented to and not excluded by the court, the motion must be treated as one for 
summary judgment under Rule 56. All parties must be given a reasonable 
opportunity to present all the material that is pertinent to the motion. 
See also Island Tile & Marble, LLC v. Bertrand, 57 V.I. 596, 612 (V.I. 2012) (citing V.I. R. Ctv. 
P. 12(d)). "Matters outside the pleadings" include "unswom representations of counsel as to 
factual matters—which are not themselves evidence . ..." Island Tile & Marble, LLC, 57 V.I. at 
613. "[U]nswom representations of counsel as to factual matters—which are not themselves 
evidence, see Hemy v. Dennety, 55 V.I. 986, 994 (V.I. 2011)—are sufficient to transform a 
Federal Rule 12(b)(6) motion to a Federal Rule 56 motion pursuant to Federal Rule 12(d)." Id. 
(citing McAuley v. Fed. Ins. Co., 500 F.3d 784, 787 (8th Cir.2007) ("Such `matters outside the 
pleadings' include ... statements of counsel at oral argument raising new facts not alleged in the 
pleadings.")). Accordingly, the unswom declarations throughout Defendants' Motion to dismiss 
must be disregarded. Alternatively, if the Court converts Defendants' Motion to Dismiss to a 
EFTA00807007
--- PAGE 5 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 5 of 14 
motion for summary judgment, pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 12(d), GSJ must be permitted an 
opportunity to file an appropriate response. See, e.g., Castillo v. St Croix Basic Servs., Inc., 67 
V.I. 26, 30 (V.I. Super. 2016) (citing identical language of FED. R. Cw. P. 12(d) and stating "If the 
court considers matters outside the pleadings, then a motion for judgment on the pleadings must 
be treated as one for summary judgment and the parties must be given a reasonable opportunity to 
present all the material that is pertinent to the motion."). 
B. Complaint Properly Asserts In Rem Action 
Defendants' Motion argues that the Complaint fails to allege an in rein action against Parcel 
because injunctive relief is sought and title to the property is not in question. Contrary to 
Defendants' Motion, the Complaint properly asserts an in rem action against Parcel II. 
In Estate of SIcepple v. Bank of Nova Scotia, the Supreme Court of the Virgin Islands 
explained the scope of actions classified as in rem: 
The term "in rem" has multiple meanings, though all related, depending on the issue 
being discussed when the term is used. An "action in rem" is probably most 
commonly understood as an "action determining the title to property and the rights 
of the parties, not merely among themselves, but also against all persons at any time 
claiming an interest in that property; a real action." Black's L. Dict., at 32. Another 
common understanding of this term would also be an "action in which the named 
defendant is real of personal property." Id. "In rem jurisdiction" is a "court's power 
to adjudicate rights to a given piece of property, including the power to seize and 
hold it." Id. at 869. Whereas to call a proceeding "in rem" is to describe the 
proceeding as 'Unyoking or determining the status of a thing, and therefore the 
rights of persons generally with respect to that thing. Id. at 809. Interestingly, the 
archaic term for this was "impersonal." Id. A "judgment in rem" then is a 
"judgment that determines the status or condition of property and that operates 
directly on the property itself. The phrase denotes a judgment that affects not only 
interests in a thing but also all persons' interests in the thing." Id. at 860. In Massie 
v. Watts, 10 U.S. (6 Cranch) 148, 158-59 (1810), the Court explained the distinction 
at common law between service in a proceeding in personam versus in rem. If the 
judgment operated directly upon the person, a judgment in personam, service in 
hand directly upon the person when she was within the territorial jurisdiction of the 
state was essential to valid legal notice—valid service. McDonald, 243 U.S. at 91 
("There is no dispute that service by publication does not warrant a personal 
EFTA00807008
--- PAGE 6 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 6 of 14 
judgment against a nonresident." (citing Pennoyer, 95 U.S. at 714; Riverside & 
Dan River Cotton Mills v. Menefee, 237 U.S. 189, 193-94 (1915) ) ). 
S. Ct. Civ. No. 2014-0050, 2018 WL 4024983, at *9 n.13 (V.I. Aug. 17, 2018). 
Accordingly, pursuant to Estate ofSkepple, an "action in which the named defendant is real 
o[r] personal property" and a proceeding "[i]nvolving or determining the status of a thing, and 
therefore the rights of persons generally with respect to that thing" are in rem actions. Id. Here, 
GSJ named Parcel 11, which is real property, as a defendant in the action for, among other things, 
the purpose of obtaining a judgment declaring the rights of GSJ with respect to Parcel II. 
Accordingly, the Complaint properly asserts an in rem action. 
The citation in Defendants' Motion to Biyan v. Fawkes, 61 V.I. 416 (V.I. 2014) does not 
advance the position of Defendants' Motion. To the contrary, Fawkes finds that the case before 
it, which concerned a challenge to the inclusion of a certain senatorial candidate on the ballot, is 
an in rem proceeding. Id. at 437. In so finding, Fawkes notes that "numerous decisions from other 
courts expressly hold[ ] that an election contest is, in fact, an in rem proceeding, with the 'res' 
being the election itself." Given the holding in Fawkes, the suggestion in Defendants' Motion that 
the instant action may not proceed against Parcel 11 in rem because the title to the property is not 
in question is erroneous. 
C. Parcel 11 Restrictive Covenant Claims 
In a deed dated June 30, 1965, William Houston Evans, James Alderman Evans, Jr., 
Executors of the Last Will and Testament of Charles Redfield Vose, conveyed title to property, 
including Parcel 11, to Irving L. Young, William Houston Evans, and James Alderman Evans, Jr. 
as Trustees under the Last Will and Testament of Charles Redfield Vose. The deed contains the 
following restrictive covenant: 
EFTA00807009
--- PAGE 7 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 7 of 14 
It is understood and agreed that this conveyance is made an accepted upon the 
following covenants, conditions, restrictions and reservations which shall run with 
the land and which are made for the benefit of the present and future owner or 
owners of any lot of lots comprising the premises known as Tract Nos. 1 and 2, 
Estate Nazareth (Benners) No. 1 Red Hook Quarter, St. Thomas, V.I., as delineated 
on P.W.D. File No. F 9-372-T59, viz: 
Said premises shall be used exclusively for a dock, wharf or landing facilities for 
boats of owners or occupants of premises situated on Great St. James Island, St. 
Thomas, V.I., or their licensees or invitees, and as the site of such shelter, garages, 
storage buildings, or like facilities as are incident to such use. 
In 1979, Parcel II and Great St. James were conveyed to Karen Kjaer. Following Karen Kjaer's 
death, Parcel II and Great St. James were distributed to the four heirs of her estate, one of whom 
was Christian Kjaer. In 2016, Christian Kjaer conveyed title to Great St. James to Plaintiff GSJ. 
The Complaint seeks to enforce the restrictive covenant regarding the exclusive use of 
Parcel II. To allege that a covenant affecting land exists, a plaintiff must allege the following: 
(1) the grantor and the grantee intended the covenant to run with the land 
(2) the covenant is one that "touches" or "concerns" the land with which it runs; 
and 
(3) there is privity of estate between the party claiming the benefit of the covenant 
and the right to enforce it, and the party who rests under its burden. 
Estate Carlton Home & Prop. Owners Ass'n v. Daas, 16 V.I. 500, 504 (Tern. V.I. 1979) (citing 
Neponsit Property Owners' Ass'n v. Emigrant Industrial Savings Bank, 15 N.E.2d 793 (N.Y., 
1938); Clark on Covenants and Interests Running with Land, p. 74). 
The Complaint alleges each of the required elements. At paragraph 8, the Complaint 
quotes the restrictive covenant. The Complaint further notes that "[t]he Deed expressly provides 
that the grantor and grantee intended the covenant to run with the land." Complaint at ¶ 10. 
Regarding the second element, the Complaint alleges that "[t]he covenant touches or concerns the 
land with which it runs because it benefits Plaintiff and imposes a burden on Parcel 11." In 
satisfaction of the last element, the Complaint alleges that "[t]here is privity of estate between 
Plaintiff and Defendant Kjaer because there is a mutual or successive relationship to the same 
EFTA00807010
--- PAGE 8 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 8 of 14 
property rights between Plaintiff as successor in interest of the original covenantees, and 
Defendant Kjaer, whose predecessors in interest were the original covenantors." Accordingly, 
GSJ's Complaint properly alleges the existence of a covenant running with the land and a cause 
of action to enforce the same. 
D. Private Nuisance Claim 
The Complaint also properly asserts a private nuisance claim against Defendants. Section 
331 of Title 28 of the Virgin Islands Code "creates a private right of action against one who causes 
damages to another by private nuisance, but the statute does not define what constitutes 
a private nuisance." Cifre v. Daas Enterprises, Inc., 62 V.I. 338, 359 (V.I. Super. 2015). 
The Supreme Court of the Virgin Islands has not yet defined the precise elements of a 
private nuisance claim, but the Superior Court has published opinions analyzing the required 
elements. See Alleyne v. Diageo USVI, Inc., 63 V.I. 384, 403-405 (V.I. Super. Sept. 17, 2015) 
(defining private nuisance as "a substantial, unreasonable, interference with another's interest in 
the private use and enjoyment of their property."); Cifre, 62 V.I. at 362 (defining private nuisance 
"as a substantial and unreasonable nontrespassory interference with another's interest in the private 
use and enjoyment of land."). There is consensus in the Superior Court that a private nuisance is 
a substantial, unreasonable interference with another's interest in the private use and enjoyment of 
land but a difference of opinion regarding whether the interference must be non-trespassory. 
Compare Alleyne, 63 V.I. at 403-405 with Cifre, 62 V.I. at 362. 
The Complaint more than adequately alleged a private nuisance claim. It alleges that 
Kjaer's violation of the restrictive covenant to which Parcel 11 is subject is an intentional and 
unreasonable invasion of Great St. Jim's interest in Parcel II. See Complaint at ¶¶ 18-22. The 
restrict covenant provides that Parcel 11 shall be "exclusively" used by the owners and occupants 
EFTA00807011
--- PAGE 9 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 9 of 14 
of Great St. James for the purposes of transportation to and from Great St. James. Kjaer's use of 
Parcel 11 to operate a business is an unreasonable interference with the owner of Great St. Jim's 
exclusive right to use Parcel 11. Accordingly, the Complaint states a claim for private nuisance. 
E. No Diminution of Value of GSJ 
"The measure of damages for breach of a restrictive covenant is the diminution in the value 
of the benefitted parcel by reason of the breach." New York City Econ. Dev. Corp. v. T.C. Foods 
Imp. & Exp. Co., 46 A.D.3d 778, 847 N.Y.S.2d 669, 670 (2007) (citing Flynn v. New York, 
Westchester & Boston Ry. Co., 218 N.Y. 140, 112 N.E. 913; Binghamton Plaza v. Gilinsky, 32 
A.D.2d 994, 301 N.Y.S.2d 921)); see also Cobb v. Gammon, 389 P.3d 1058, 1074 (N.M. Ct. App. 
2016) (describing "diminution of value" as "relevant as a measure of damages for injury to real 
property."). 
Defendants' Motion overstates the relevance of Schindel v. Pelican Beach Inc., 16 V.I. 
237, 261 (Ten. V.I. 1979) to the instant case. In Schindel, the Territorial Court assessed the 
damages to a property owner who had been deprived of direct access to the beach from her 
property. 16 V.I. at 261. In its analysis, the Court quoted Brannigan v. Verne La Crosse, a 1967 
opinion of the District Court of the Virgin Islands sitting in its appellate capacity, which states: 
It has been held that where the injury to real property is temporary the measure of 
damages, if the property is occupied by the owner, is limited to the diminution in 
the value of its use by the owner during the period of its injury. Norwood v. 
Sheen, 1933, 126 Ohio St. 482, 186 N.E. 102, 87 A.L.R. 1375. Since there is no 
permanent injury in such a case evidence as to diminished value of the property 
resulting from the injury is not relevant. 
V.I. 96, 98 (D.V.I. 1967). 
Schindel and Brannigan do not stand for the proposition that diminution of value damages 
are unavailable to a plaintiff for a "temporary" injury to property. Instead, those cases merely 
aligned the amount of damage to the diminution of value sustained by the property owner for the 
EFTA00807012
--- PAGE 10 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 10 of 14 
duration of the wrongful conduct. Here, Great St. Jim asserts a cause of action for diminution of 
value for the ongoing violation of the restrictive covenant. The passage cited in Schindel nor 
Brannigan is therefore not relevant to whether Great St. Jim has placed Defendants on notice of 
the fact that it seeks diminution of value damages. 
Additionally, the unworn assertions set forth in Defendants' Motion regarding the 
substance of Great St. Jim's diminution of value claim are disregarded on a motion to dismiss. 
Accordingly, Great St. Jim has properly alleged a diminution of value claim. 
F. Unjust Enrichment Claim 
Count Five adequately places Defendants on notice of Great St. Jim's unjust enrichment 
claim. 
An unjust enrichment claim consists of four elements: "(1) that the defendant was enriched, 
(2) that such enrichment was at the plaintiff's expense, (3) that the defendant had appreciation or 
knowledge of the benefit, and (4) that the circumstances were such that in equity or 
good conscience the defendant should return the money or property to the plaintiff." Walters v. 
Walters, 60 V.I. 768, 779-780 (V.I. 2014) (adopting elements of unjust enrichment pursuant to a 
Banks analysis). 
The Complaint alleges that "Defendant Kjaer has wrongfully earned income through the 
operation of a business on Parcel 11, in violation of the clear and express terms of said restrictive 
covenant" and that "[i]ncome is a thing of value which Defendant Kjaer is not entitled to receive 
by his use of Parcel 11." Complaint at 9¶ 33-34. The first element is therefore satisfied because 
the Complaint alleges that Kjaer was enriched by his receipt of income he would not otherwise 
have, but for the violation of the restrictive covenant. The Complaint further explains that Kjaer 
has earned income at Great St. Jim's expense because the income is generated in violation of the 
EFTA00807013
--- PAGE 11 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 11 of 14 
restrictive covenant, and the restrictive covenant limits the uses of Parcel II to serving the 
transportation needs of owners or occupants or premises situated on Great St. James Island. 
Complaint at ¶ 35. These allegations satisfy the second and third elements of unjust enrichment. 
Moreover, Defendants' Motion to Dismiss does not deny knowledge of the income described in 
the Complaint. 
The Complaint also sets forth facts supporting the fourth element of unjust enrichment, that 
the circumstances are such that in equity or good conscience Kjaer should return the money or 
property to Great St. Jim. The clear terms of the restrictive covenant limit the use of Parcel 11 to 
serving as a launching point and landing spot for the owners and occupants of Great St. James. 
The Complaint alleges that Kjaer, who is not an owner or occupant of Great St. James, is using 
Parcel 11 for purposes other than those set forth in restrictive covenant. As set forth in the 
Complaint, the income Kjaer has earned through his use of Parcel 11 in violation of the restrictive 
covenant has reduced the value of Great St. James Island, which Great St. Jim owns. Accordingly, 
equity dictates that the income Kjaer owned through his violation of the restrictive covenant should 
be awarded to Great St. Jim. 
Claimed Affirmative Defenses are Unavailing 
No applicable statute of limitations bars the Complaint. The continued violation of the 
restrictive covenant constitutes a recurring breach. "Consequently, the statute of limitations begins 
to run anew as each breach occurs." Christmas v. Virgin Islands Water & Power Auth., 527 F. 
Supp. 843, 848 (D.V.I. 1981). 
Defendants' Motion also alleges various substantive defenses to enforcement of the 
restrictive covenant, including abandonment, that the covenant is "overly burdensome," changed 
circumstances, and that an "additional use" of Parcel 11 is not excluded. None of these alleged 
EFTA00807014
--- PAGE 12 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 12 of 14 
defenses constitute grounds for dismissal under V.I. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(6). Accordingly, those 
affirmative defenses must be disregarded in determining whether the Complaint properly places 
Defendants on notice of its claims relating to the restrictive covenant. 
Regarding the assertion in Defendants' Motion that GSJ's private nuisance suit is time-
barred, such assertion is mistaken. The restrictive covenant has been violated on a continuous 
basis. Accordingly, each violation of the restrictive covenant re-starts the limitations period. 
Therefore, Great St. Jim's private nuisance claim was timely filed. 
Lastly, Great St. Jim's claim is not, as Defendants' Motion asserts, barred by the gist of the 
action doctrine. There is a split of authority within the Virgin Islands judiciary as to whether the 
Virgin Islands recognizes the gist of the action doctrine.' Even assuming the gist of the action 
doctrine applies, it does not bar Great St. Jim's nuisance claim. Rule 8(a)(2) of the Virgin Islands 
Rules of Civil Procedure expressly permit a plaintiff to plead causes of action in the alternative. 
See V.I. R. Civ. P. 8(a)(2) ("A party may set out two or more statements of a claim or defense 
alternatively or hypothetically, in separate counts or defenses."). 
Accordingly, Great St. Jim's Complaint properly alleged a private nuisance claim. 
III. 
Conclusion 
Defendants' procedurally improper motion must be denied because it fails to set forth any 
valid basis for dismissal of the Complaint for failure to meet V.I. R. Ctv. P. 8(a)'s liberal notice 
In Whitecap Inv. Corp. v. Putnam Lumber & Exp. Co., No. 2010-139, 2013 WL 1155430, at *11 
(D.V.I. Feb. 19, 2013), report and recommendation adopted in part, rejected in part, No. 2010-
139, 2013 WL 1155241 (D.V.I. Mar. 21, 2013), the Magistrate's Report & Recommendation noted 
a split within the Virgin Islands judiciary as to whether the Virgin Islands recognizes the gist of 
the action doctrine. More recently, in Pollara v. Chateau St Croix, LLC, No. SX-06-CV-423, 
2016 WL 2865874, at *8 (V.I. Super. May 3, 2016), the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands 
conducted a Banks analysis and ultimately found that adopting the gist of the action doctrine was 
the soundest rule for the Virgin Islands. See Pollara, 2016 WL 2865874, at *6. 
EFTA00807015
--- PAGE 13 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 13 of 14 
pleading standard. The Complaint more than adequately alleges that a restrictive covenant exists 
and that Kajer is violating the restrictive covenant by using it for purposes other than those set out 
in the restrictive covenant, i.e., for the transportation needs of the owners and occupants of Great 
St. James. The Complaint also properly asserts claims for private nuisance, diminution of value, 
and unjust enrichment. Accordingly, Defendants' Motion to Dismiss must be denied. 
Respectfully, 
Dated: October 
, 2018 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
MARJORIE WHALEN, ESQ. 
AYSHA It GREGQRY.E 
V.I. Bar Nos. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Email: 
EFTA00807016
--- PAGE 14 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 14 of 14 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this 
day of October, 2018, I caused a true and exact 
copy of the foregoing Opposition to Motion to Dismiss to be served via first class mail, postage 
prepaid, upon: 
Gaylin Vogel, Esq. 
Kevin F. D'Amour, P.C. 
P.O. Box 10829 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00801 
EFTA00807017

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807018.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
********************************** 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
CHRISTIAN KJAER in personam, & 
PARCEL 11, ESTATE NAZARETH, 
ST. THOMAS, U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS in rem, 
Defendant. 
) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
) 
CIVIL NO. ST-18-CV-293 
ACTION FOR ENFORCEMENT 
OF COVENANT, INJUNCTIVE 
RELIEF, PRIVATE NUISANCE, 
DIMINUTION OF VALUE, 
UNJUST ENRICHMENT & 
ACCOUNTING 
OPPOSITION TO MOTION TO DISMISS FIRST AMENDED COMPLAINT 
COMES NOW, Plaintiff GREAT ST. JIM, LLC, by and through its undersigned counsel 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KRoBLEN PLLC, and hereby opposes Defendants Christian Kjaer and 
Parcel 11's Motion to Dismiss the First Amended Complaint and in support thereof states as 
follows: 
I. 
Defendants' Motion to Dismiss Must be Denied 
Plaintiff Great St. Jim, LLC ("GSJ") filed its First Amended Complaint to enforce its 
property rights in Parcel 11, Estate Nazareth, St. Thomas. Defendants Christian Kjaer ("Kjaer") 
and Parcel 11 filed a Motion to Dismiss the First Amended Complaint which seeks dismissal of 
GSJ's claims. The only task before this Court on Defendants' Motion to Dismiss is to determine 
whether GSJ's First Amended Complaint meets the easily satisfied liberal notice pleading standard 
laid out in Rule 8 of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure. This liberal standard creates a 
relatively low threshold, merely requiring GSJ to adequately allege facts that put Defendants on 
notice of GSJ's claims. GSJ's First Amended Complaint well exceeds the low notice pleading 
threshold. Accordingly, Defendants' Motion to Dismiss must be denied. 
EFTA00807018
--- PAGE 2 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 2 of 20 
GSJ acquired title to Great. St. James Island ("Great St. James") in 2016. Great St. James 
is located off the eastern end of St. Thomas. As set forth in the First Amended Complaint, Kjaer 
is the record owner of certain real property described as Parcel 11 Estate Nazareth, Red Hook 
Quarter, St. Thomas, Virgin Islands. First Amended Complaint ("FAC") at ¶¶ 2-3. Parcel II, 
which is located on St. Thomas itself, is subject to a restrictive covenant that benefits the owner of 
Great St. James. The covenant provides that Parcel 11 
shall be used exclusively for a dock, wharf; or landing facilities for boats of owners 
or occupants of premises situation on Great St. James Island, St. Thomas, V.I., or 
their licensees or invitees, and as the site of such shelter, garages, storage buildings, 
or like facilities as are incident to such use. 
FAC at ¶¶ 7-8 (emphasis added). 
The restrictive covenant defines and narrowly limits the scope of exclusive use permitted 
for Parcel 11. In sum, it narrowly limits the use of Parcel 11 to the "exclusive" use of the owners, 
occupants, licensees and invitees of Great St. James for purposes of transportation to and from 
Great St. James. Kjaer is using Parcel 11 in the operation of a business, from which he derives 
income, no part of which is used "for a dock, wharf; or landing facilities for boats of owners or 
occupants of premises situation on Great St. James Island, St. Thomas, V.I., or their licensees or 
invitees, and as the site of such shelter, garages, storage buildings, or like facilities as are incident 
to such use." Therefore, as alleged in the First Amended Complaint, Kjaer's use clearly violates 
the exclusive uses prescribed by restrictive covenant. GSJ's First Amended Complaint asserts 
five causes of action based on the violation of the restrictive covenant properly alleged: (1) 
Enforcement of Restrictive Covenant Against Kjaer & Parcel 11 (Count One); (2) Private Nuisance 
Against Kjaer and Parcel 11 (Count Two); (3) Action for Declaratory Judgment Against Kjaer & 
Parcel 11 (Count Three); (4) Diminution of Value of Plaintiff's Property Against Kjaer & Parcel 
(Count Four); and (5) Unjust Enrichment & Action for Accounting Against Kjaer (Count Five). 
EFTA00807019
--- PAGE 3 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 3 of 20 
Defendants' Motion to Dismiss the First Amended Complaint seeks to dispose of the First 
Amended Complaint by injecting disputed factual issues well outside the four corners of the 
Complaint, and is therefore more properly viewed as a motion for summary judgment filed before 
any of the necessary factual development through depositions and discovery. Moreover, in their 
improper attempt to refute the factual basis for the First Amended Complaint, Defendants ask this 
Court to apply an old, outdated "plausibility" standard of review, specifically made inapplicable 
by Rule 8 of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure. As fully explained below, Defendants' 
Motion fails to identify any valid basis for dismissal pursuant to the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil 
Procedure and must therefore be denied. 
II. 
First Amended Complaint More Than Meets Notice Pleading Standard 
The First Amended Complaint fully and properly pleads causes of action for enforcement 
of restrictive covenant, private nuisance, declaratory judgment, diminution of value of Plaintiff's 
property, and unjust enrichment, and an action for an accounting. Its allegations well exceed the 
current Virgin Islands notice pleading standard, and are clearly more than adequate under the 
Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure. Defendants' Motion to Dismiss is premised on the wrong 
pleading standard, and fails to identify a single legitimate pleading issue in the First Amended 
Complaint, and therefore must be flatly denied. 
A. Applicable Standard of Review 
Rule 8 of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure governs motions to dismiss. Rule 
8(a) provides that "a pleading that states a claim for relief must contain . . . a short and plain 
statement of the claim showing that the pleader is entitled to relief' and expressly recognizes that 
"this is a notice pleading jurisdiction." 
EFTA00807020
--- PAGE 4 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 4 of 20 
Defendants' Motion erroneously suggests that the plausibility test articulated in Bell Ad. 
Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544 (2007) is the standard applicable to motions to dismiss in the 
Virgin Islands. 
Rule 8 of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure, which became effective on March 
31, 2017, well before Plaintiff commenced this action on May 22, 2018, "expressly states that the 
Virgin Islands `is a notice pleading jurisdiction,' and the Reporter's Note eliminates any doubt that 
this language is calculated to 'apply [ ] an approach that declines to enter dismissals of cases based 
on failure to allege specific facts which, if established, plausibly entitle the pleader to relief.'" 
Mills-Williams v. Mapp, 67 V.I. 574, 585 (V.I. 2017) (citing V.I. R. Civ. P. 8 Reporter's Note 
(emphasis added) (internal citations omitted)). The commentary following V.I. R. Civ. P. 8 
explains that "[I]anguage has been included in Rule 8(a) to note that practice in the Virgin Islands 
continues to adhere to the traditional "notice" pleading ethos as many states and territories have 
chosen to do, applying an approach that declines to enter dismissals of cases based on failure to 
allege specific facts which, if established, plausibly entitle the pleader to relief." Therefore, as the 
Supreme Court of the Virgin Islands has observed, "going forward, it is clear that the adoption of 
Rule 8 of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure supersedes our prior precedents which 
imposed the Twombly plausibility standard by virtue of the now-amended Superior Court Rule 7, 
and restores the notice pleading regime that had previously been in effect." Mills-Williams v. 
Mapp, 67 V.I. at 585. 
In Brathwaite v. H.D.V.I. Holding Co., No. ST-16-CV-764, 2017 WL 2295123, at *2 (V.I. 
Super. May 24, 2017), the Superior Court, applying the notice pleading standard under V.I. R. Crv. 
P. 8, considered whether "a complaint adequately alleges facts that put an accused party on notice 
of claims brought against it." To the extent the "truth" of the facts alleged in the Complaint is 
EFTA00807021
--- PAGE 5 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 5 of 20 
considered, the Complaint's allegations are assumed true. See Finn v. Adams, No. ST-16-CV-752, 
2018 WL 3756421, at *4 (V.I. Super. Aug. 6, 2018) (applying notice pleading standard under V.I. 
R. ay. P. 8(a) and assuming truth of facts alleged in complaint). Accordingly, pursuant to V.I. R. 
Ctv. P. 8, when evaluating a motion to dismiss, the Superior Court assumes the truth of the facts 
alleged and evaluates only whether those facts (assumed to be true) are adequate to put an accused 
party on notice of the claims brought against it. 
In evaluating a motion to dismiss, the Court considers only the pleadings themselves. 
Pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 12(d): 
If, on a motion under Rule 12(b)(6) or 12(c), matters outside the pleadings are 
presented to and not excluded by the court, the motion must be treated as one for 
summary judgment under Rule 56. All parties must be given a reasonable 
opportunity to present all the material that is pertinent to the motion. 
See also Island Tile & Marble, LLC v. Bertrand, 57 V.I. 596, 612 (V.I. 2012) (citing V.I. R. Civ. 
P. 12(d)). "Matters outside the pleadings" include "unswom representations of counsel as to 
factual matters—which are not themselves evidence . 
." Island Tile & Marble, LLC, 57 V.I. at 
613. "[U]nswom representations of counsel as to factual matters—which are not themselves 
evidence, see Hatay v. Dennety, 55 V.I. 986, 994 (V.I. 2011)—are sufficient to transform a 
Federal Rule 12(b)(6) motion to a Federal Rule 56 motion pursuant to Federal Rule 12(d)." Id. 
(citing McAuley v. Fed. Ins. Co., 500 F.3d 784, 787 (8th Cir. 2007)). Accordingly, the unsworn 
declarations throughout Defendants' Motion to dismiss must be disregarded. 
Converting Defendants' Motion to Dismiss into a motion for summary judgment would, as 
the Virgin Islands Superior Court has found under similar circumstances, be premature at this 
stage, given that discovery has not even started and the facts underlying the parties' claims have 
not been developed or fully investigated. For example, in Ford v. Virgin Islands Dept of 
Education, the Superior Court found that, with respect to a portion of defendant's motion to 
EFTA00807022
--- PAGE 6 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 6 of 20 
dismiss, converting defendant's motion into a motion for summary judgment was inappropriate at 
this early stage of the proceedings, as it would likely prejudice the parties since no discovery has 
been conducted and the parties have not been given a reasonable opportunity to respond." No. ST-
15-CV-489, 2016 WL 3606304, at *11 (V.I. Super. June 27, 2016); see also Fenster v. DeChabert, 
No. SX-16-CV-343, 2016 WL 8943821, at *5 (V.I. Super. Aug. 8, 2016) (concluding that 
conversion of motion to dismiss to motion for summary judgment is "inappropriate" because the 
case was "in the early stages of litigation," "discovery has yet to be conducted," and the plaintiff 
"has not been given a reasonable opportunity respond to WLG and Walker's motions as if for 
summary judgment, as required under Rule 12(d)."); GRS Dev. Co. v. Jarrett, 45 V.I. 211, 225 
(Tem V.I. 2003) (finding "any consideration of summary judgment premature" "because 
[plaintiff]'s response contains facts that rebut [movant] 's arguments") Pant v. Gov't of the Virgin 
Islands, No. CV 903/1990, 1992 WL 12934021, at *3 (Ten. V.I. Nov. 9, 1992) (noting that "the 
U.S. Supreme Court has recently recognized that proper summary judgment procedure mandates 
the entry of summary judgment after adequate time for discovery has been made" and finding 
motion for summary judgment "premature" as further discovery was anticipated" (emphasis in 
original)). 
At the very least, if the Court converts Defendants' Motion to Dismiss to a motion for 
summary judgment, pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 12(d), GSJ must be permitted an opportunity to file 
an appropriate response. See, e.g., Castillo v. St Croix Basic Servs., Inc., 67 V.I. 26, 30 (V.I. 
Super. 2016) (citing identical language of FED. R. Civ. P. 12(d) and stating "If the court considers 
matters outside the pleadings, then a motion for judgment on the pleadings must be treated as one 
for summary judgment and the parties must be given a reasonable opportunity to present all the 
material that is pertinent to the motion."). 
EFTA00807023
--- PAGE 7 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 7 of 20 
B. First Amended Complaint Properly Asserts In Rem Action 
Defendants' Motion argues that the First Amended Complaint fails to allege an in rem 
action against Parcel 11 because injunctive relief is sought and title to the property is not in 
question. Contrary to Defendants' Motion, the First Amended Complaint properly asserts an in 
rem action against Parcel 11. 
In Estate ofSkepple v. Bank of Nova Scotia, the Supreme Court of the Virgin Islands 
explained the scope of actions classified as in rem: 
The term "in rem" has multiple meanings, though all related, depending on the issue 
being discussed when the term is used. An "action in rem" is probably most 
commonly understood as an "action determining the title to property and the rights 
of the parties, not merely among themselves, but also against all persons at any time 
claiming an interest in that property; a real action." Black's L. Dict., at 32. Another 
common understanding of this term would also be an "action in which the named 
defendant is real o[r] personal property." Id. "In rem jurisdiction" is a "court's 
power to adjudicate rights to a given piece of property, including the power to seize 
and hold it." Id. at 869. Whereas to call a proceeding "in rem" is to describe the 
proceeding as 'Unyoking or determining the status of a thing, and therefore the 
rights of persons generally with respect to that thing. Id. at 809. Interestingly, the 
archaic term for this was "impersonal." Id. A "judgment in rem" then is a 
"judgment that determines the status or condition of property and that operates 
directly on the property itself. The phrase denotes a judgment that affects not only 
interests in a thing but also all persons' interests in the thing." Id. at 860. In Massie 
v. Watts, 10 U.S. (6 Cranch) 148, 158-59 (1810), the Court explained the distinction 
at common law between service in a proceeding in personam versus in rem. If the 
judgment operated directly upon the person, a judgment in personam, service in 
hand directly upon the person when she was within the territorial jurisdiction of the 
state was essential to valid legal notice—valid service. McDonald, 243 U.S. at 91 
("There is no dispute that service by publication does not warrant a personal 
judgment against a nonresident." (citing Pennoyer, 95 U.S. at 714; Riverside & 
Dan River Cotton Mills v. Menefee, 237 U.S. 189, 193-94 (1915) ) ). 
S. Ct. Civ. No. 2014-0050, 2018 WL 4024983, at *9 n.13 (V.I. Aug. 17, 2018). 
Accordingly, pursuant to Estate ofSkepple, an "action in which the named defendant is real 
o[r] personal property" and a proceeding "[i]nvolving or determining the status of a thing, and 
therefore the rights of persons generally with respect to that thing" are in rem actions. Id. Here, 
EFTA00807024
--- PAGE 8 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 8 of 20 
GSJ named Parcel II, which is real property, as a defendant in the action for, among other things, 
the purpose of obtaining a judgment declaring the rights of GSJ with respect to Parcel 11, which 
rights would apply not only to restrict use of the property by Kjaer, as the present owner of Parcel 
11, but also use by all those who might hereafter acquire title to the same. Accordingly, the First 
Amended Complaint properly asserts an in rem action. 
The citation in Defendants' Motion to Bryan v. Fawkes, 61 V.I. 416 (V.I. 2014) actually 
refutes the position for which it was cited in Defendants' Motion that an in rem action is only 
appropriate to where title to property is in question. Defendant's Opposition at 4. Fawkes 
specifically states: "an in rem action is one in which the judgment of the court determines the title 
to property and the rights of the parties, not merely as between themselves, but also as against all 
persons at any time dealing with them or with the property," or "res," "upon which the court had 
adjudicated." BLACK'S LAW DICTIONARY 864 (9th ed. 2009)." 61 V.I. at 445. Fawkes 
concerned a challenge to the inclusion of a certain senatorial candidate on the ballot of a Virgin 
Islands election. Noting that in rem proceedings involve the rights in a thing against all persons at 
any time dealing with them, the court in Fawkes concluded that an election is a "res" and that the 
proceeding was properly determined to be an in rem proceeding. Id. at 437. In so finding, Fawkes 
notes that "numerous decisions from other courts expressly hold[ ] that an election contest is, in 
fact, an in rem proceeding, with the res' being the election itself." Given the holding in Fawkes, 
the suggestion in Defendants' Motion that the instant action may not proceed against Parcel 11 in 
rem because the title to the property is not in question is clearly erroneous. This particularly so, 
where, as in this case, what is at issue and what is sought by Plaintiff is a declaratory judgment as 
to the applicability of the restrictive covenant, not only to Kjaer, but as to "all persons at any time" 
who might acquire title to Parcel 11. 
EFTA00807025
--- PAGE 9 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 9 of 20 
C. Statute of Limitations Argument 
No applicable statute of limitations bars any claims in the First Amended Complaint. The 
continued violation of the restrictive covenant, as amply and repeatedly alleged throughout the 
First Amended Complaint constitutes a recurring breach. "Consequently, the statute of limitations 
begins to run anew as each breach occurs." Christmas v. Virgin Islands Water & Power Auth., 
527 F. Supp. 843, 848 (D.V.I. 1981). The restrictive covenant has been violated on a continuous 
basis. Accordingly, each violation of the restrictive covenant re-starts the limitations period. 
Therefore, Great St. Jim's private nuisance claim was timely filed. 
D. Great St. Jim is a Beneficiary of the Restrictive Covenant and It Therefore Has 
Standing to Enforce the Covenant 
The First Amended Complaint adequately alleges facts to put Defendants on notice of 
Great St. Jim's breach of restrictive covenant claim. 
First Amended Complaint Alleges Existence of Restrictive Covenant 
In a deed dated June 30, 1965, William Houston Evans, James Alderman Evans, Jr., 
Executors of the Last Will and Testament of Charles Redfield Vose, conveyed title to property, 
including Parcel 11, to Irving L. Young, William Houston Evans, and James Alderman Evans, Jr. 
as Trustees under the Last Will and Testament of Charles Redfield Vose. The deed contains the 
following restrictive covenant: 
It is understood and agreed that this conveyance is made an accepted upon the 
following covenants, conditions, restrictions and reservations which shall run with 
the land and which are made for the benefit of the present and future owner or 
owners of any lot of lots comprising the premises known as Tract Nos. 1 and 2, 
Estate Nazareth (Benners) No. 1 Red Hook Quarter, St. Thomas, V.I., as delineated 
on P.W.D. File No. F 9-372-T59, viz: 
Said premises shall be used exclusively for a dock, wharf or landing facilities for 
boats of owners or occupants of premises situated on Great St. James Island, 
St. Thomas, V.I., or their licensees or invitees, and as the site of such shelter, 
garages, storage buildings, or like facilities as are incident to such use. 
EFTA00807026
--- PAGE 10 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 10 of 20 
See FAC at ¶¶ 8-9 (emphasis added). In 1979, Parcel 11 and Great St. James were conveyed to 
Karen Kjaer. Following Karen Kjaer's death, Parcel 11 and Great St. James were distributed to 
the four heirs of her estate, one of whom was Christian Kjaer. In 2016, Christian Kjaer conveyed 
title to Great St. James to Plaintiff GSJ. 
The First Amended Complaint seeks to enforce the restrictive covenant regarding the 
exclusive use of Parcel 11. To allege that a covenant affecting land exists, a plaintiff must allege 
the following: 
(1) the grantor and the grantee intended the covenant to run with the land 
(2) the covenant is one that "touches" or "concerns" the land with which it runs; 
and 
(3) there is privity of estate between the party claiming the benefit of the covenant 
and the right to enforce it, and the party who rests under its burden. 
Estate Carlton Home & Prop. Owners Ass'n v. Daas, 16 V.I. 500, 504 (Tern. V.I. 1979) (citing 
Neponsit Property Owners' Ass'n v. Emigrant Industrial Savings Bank, 15 N.E.2d 793 (N.Y., 
1938); Clark on Covenants and Interests Running with Land, p. 74). 
The First Amended Complaint alleges each of the required elements. At paragraph 9, the 
First Amended Complaint quotes the restrictive covenant, including the provision therein 
expressly stating that "the following covenants, conditions, restrictions and reservations . . . shall 
run with the land." The First Amended Complaint further notes that "[t]he Deed expressly 
provides that the grantor and grantee intended the covenant to run with the land." FAC at r 15. 
Regarding the second element, the First Amended Complaint alleges that "Mlle covenant touches 
or concerns the land with which it runs because it benefits Plaintiff and imposes a burden on Parcel 
11." FAC at ¶ 16. In satisfaction of the last element, the First Amended Complaint alleges that 
"[t]here is privity of estate between Plaintiff and Defendant Kjaer because there is a mutual or 
successive relationship to the same property rights between Plaintiff as successor in interest of the 
EFTA00807027
--- PAGE 11 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV--293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 11 of 20 
original covenantees, and Defendant Kjaer, whose predecessors in interest were the original 
covenantors." FAC at ¶ 19. Accordingly, GSJ's First Amended Complaint properly alleges the 
existence of a covenant running with the land and a cause of action to enforce the same. 
First Amended Complaint Alleges That Great St. Jim is a Beneficiary of the 
Restrictive Covenant 
"Who may sue on or seek to enforce a restrictive covenant depends upon whether the 
covenant was made for the benefit of the one seeking to enforce it." Freeland Tr. v. Roach, 43 
V.I. 3, 8 (Ten. V.I. 1995) (quoting Freeland Trust v. Roach, Memorandum Opinion, September 
13, 1993). "Determination of this issue turns upon the intent of the parties who made the original 
agreement, i.e., whether they intended by agreement to benefit the land held by the person seeking 
to enforce the agreement." Id. 
The First Amended Complaint alleges that "Parcel 11 is subject to a restrictive covenant 
which benefits the owner of Great St. James" and that "the clear and express language of the Deed 
clearly demonstrates that the covenant benefits Plaintiff as the owner and occupant of premises 
situated on Great St. James." FAC at ¶¶ 7, 17. The language of the restrictive covenant itself 
demonstrates that the covenant benefits the owner of Great St. James: 
Said premises shall be used exclusively for a dock, wharf or landing facilities for 
boats of owners or occupants of premises situated on Great St. James Island, 
St. Thomas, V.I., or their licensees or invitees, and as the site of such shelter, 
garages, storage buildings, or like facilities as are incident to such use. 
Pursuant to Virgin Islands Rule of Civil Procedure 8 and the liberal notice pleading standard, the 
First Amended Complaint has adequately alleged facts placing Defendants on notice of its claim 
that Defendants breached the restrictive covenant and that the covenant was intended to benefit 
the owner of Great St. James. Plaintiff need plead nothing more. Defendants' efforts to dispute 
the allegations in the First Amended Complaint regarding the continued existence of the restrictive 
EFTA00807028
--- PAGE 12 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 12 of 20 
covenant or its intended beneficiaries are far outside the scope of what may properly be considered 
by this Court on a Motion to Dismiss. Accordingly, Defendants' Motion to Dismiss must be 
denied. 
E. The First Amended Complaint Alleges the Existence of an Implied or Express 
Easement 
The First Amended Complaint alleges facts to place Defendants on notice of Great St. 
Jim's claim that an express easement or implied easement by prior use may exist. 
As an alternative to the enforcement of the restrictive covenant, the First Amended 
Complaint alleges that an express or implied easement exists. FAC at ¶ 10, 18. The facts 
supporting the existence of an express easement are the same as those supporting the restrictive 
covenant. The 1965 Deed provides that Parcel 11 "shall be used exclusively for a dock, wharf or 
landing facilities for boats of owners or occupants of premises situated on Great St. James Island, 
St. Thomas, V.I., or their licensees or invitees, and as the site of such shelter, garages, storage 
buildings, or like facilities as are incident to such use." FAC at ¶ 9. 
Defendants' Motion to Dismiss inaccurately avers that the restrictive covenant or merger 
was extinguished by merger because Karen Kjaer' owned the Island of Great St. James and Parcel 
at the same time. These are improper grounds for a Motion to Dismiss; they are at best 
allegations of an affirmative defense to Plaintiff's First Amended Complaint. At the motion to 
dismiss stage, the only question for this Court is whether the First Amended Complaint adequately 
alleges facts to put Defendants on notice of the claims asserted. The First Amended Complaint 
unquestionably meets that minimal threshold and no further analysis is permitted under Rule 8 of 
the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure. 
EFTA00807029
--- PAGE 13 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 13 of 20 
If, however, the Court were to venture beyond the narrow limits of Rule 8 to evaluate 
Defendants' assertion that the merger doctrine extinguished the restrictive covenant, it is clear that 
the merger doctrine cannot be applied to defeat the restrictive covenant based on the allegations 
made by Defendants' counsel in the Motion to Dismiss. 
"[T]he doctrine of merger is not favored either at law or in equity and will not be applied 
in the absence of an intent on the part of the person acquiring both estates to effect a merger and 
extinguish existing obligation, or unless application of the doctrine is required by the equities of a 
particular case." Aviation Assocs., Inc. v. Virgin Islands Port Auth., 26 V.I. 24, 33 (Tern. V.I. 
1990) (citing Kelly v. Web; 243 F. Supp. 588, 598 (E.D. Ark. 1965); National Surety Corporation 
v. Inland Properties, Inc., 286 F. Supp. 173, 187 (E.D. Ark. 1968), Harris v. Alaska Title Guaranty 
Company, 510 P. 2d 501, 503-504 (Alaska 1973)). Pursuant to Restatement (Third) of Property 
(Servitudes) § 7.5 (2000), "[a] servitude is terminated when all the benefits and burdens come into 
a single ownership." Kjaer's counsel essentially argues that the restrictive covenant in this case 
was exclusively "made for the benefit of the present and future owner or owners of any lot of lots 
comprising the premises known as Tract Nos. 1 and 2, Estate Nazareth (Benners) No. 1 Red Hook 
Quarter, St. Thomas, V.I., as delineated on P.W.D. File No. F 9-372-T59 . . . ." Defendant's 
Motion at 7. However, as alleged in the First Amended Complaint, the restrictive covenant also 
provides that Parcel 11 is to be "exclusively" used "for a dock, wharf or landing facilities for boats 
of owners or occupants of premises situated on Great St. James Island, St. Thomas, V.I., or their 
licensees or invitees, and as the site of such shelter, garages, storage buildings, or like facilities as 
are incident to such use," FAC at ¶ 9, which exclusive use plainly benefits the owner of Great St. 
James. For the merger doctrine to apply, Tracts 1 and 2, Great St. James Island, and Parcel 11 
would all have to have been owned by a single owner at one time. Defendants' Motion to Dismiss, 
EFTA00807030
--- PAGE 14 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 14 of 20 
by contrast, only alleges that Karen Kjaer held title to Great St. James and Parcel 11. Defendant's 
Motion at 9 n.2, 9-10. Most importantly, there is nothing within the four corners of the First 
Amended Complaint to establish such unified ownership in a Karen Kjaer or any other single 
person. Arguments disputing the continued existence of the restrictive covenant as a result of 
merger, based on unswom and untested assertions of fact by Defendant's counsel -- which, as 
stated above, cannot properly be considered to be evidence of anything and which are themselves 
insufficient to establish merger -- cannot and should be considered on a Motion to Dismiss. 
The First Amended Complaint also alleges facts more than sufficient to notify Defendants 
of Plaintiff's claim that an implied easement by prior use exists. In SBRMCOA, LLC v. Morehouse 
Real Estate Investments, LLC, 62 V.I. 168, 190 (V.I. Super. 2015), the Superior Court noted that 
"it appears that the Virgin Islands Supreme Court has yet to consider the appropriate rule of law 
for implied easements." Accordingly, the Superior Court conducted a Banks analysis and 
concluded that the Restatement (Third) of Property (Servitudes) § 2.12 is the rule applicable to 
implied easements by prior use. 
Section § 2.12 provides: 
Unless a contrary intent is expressed or implied, the circumstance that prior to a 
conveyance severing the ownership of land into two or more parts, a use was made 
of one part for the benefit of another, implies that a servitude was created to 
continue the prior use if, at the time of the severance, the parties had reasonable 
grounds to expect that the conveyance would not terminate the right to continue the 
prior use. 
The following factors tend to establish that the parties had reasonable grounds to 
expect that the conveyance would not terminate the right to continue the prior use: 
(1) the prior use was not merely temporary or casual; and (2) continuance of the 
prior use was reasonably necessary to enjoyment of the parcel, estate, or interest 
previously benefited by the use; and (3) existence of the prior use was apparent or 
known to the parties. 
Restatement (Third) of Property (Servitudes) § 2.12. 
EFTA00807031
--- PAGE 15 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 15 of 20 
Defendant Kjaer owned both Great St. James and Parcel 11 at the time he conveyed Great 
St. James to Great St. Jim. The First Amended Complaint alleges that "Parcel 11 has been used 
as a staging ground for Great St. James Island in keeping with the restrictive covenant in the 1965 
Deed and because a permanent access point on St. Thomas was and remains necessary to the 
owners and occupants of Great St. James." FAC at I 18. Plaintiff had reasonable grounds to 
expect that the conveyance of Great St. James from Kjaer to Plaintiff would not terminate the right 
to continue the prior use of Parcel 11 as a launching point to Great St. James because a launching 
point on St. Thomas is reasonably necessary for the enjoyment of Great St. James, as alleged in 
the First Amended Complaint. FAC at 1 18. Because Plaintiff has alleged in the First Amended 
Complaint facts sufficient to place Defendants on notice of Plaintiff's claim of an implied 
easement by prior use, Defendants have no basis whatsoever to seek dismissal of the portion of 
the First Amended Complaint asserting the existence of an implied easement, and their motion 
must be denied. 
F. Private Nuisance Claim 
The First Amended Complaint also properly and adequately asserts a private nuisance 
claim against Defendants so as to readily defeat Defendants' Motion to Dismiss. Section 331 of 
Title 28 of the Virgin Islands Code "creates a private right of action against one who causes 
damages to another by private nuisance, but the statute does not define what constitutes 
a private nuisance." Cifre v. Daas Enterprises, Inc., 62 V.I. 338, 359 (V.I. Super. 2015). 
The Supreme Court of the Virgin Islands has not yet defined the precise elements of a 
private nuisance claim, but the Superior Court has published opinions analyzing the required 
elements. See Alleyne v. Diageo USVI, Inc., 63 V.I. 384, 403-405 (V.I. Super. Sept. 17, 2015) 
(defining private nuisance as "a substantial, unreasonable, interference with another's interest in 
EFTA00807032
--- PAGE 16 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV--293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 16 of 20 
the private use and enjoyment of their property."); Cifi-e, 62 V.I. at 362 (defining private nuisance 
"as a substantial and unreasonable nontrespassory interference with another's interest in the private 
use and enjoyment of land."). Defendants themselves concede on page 12 of their Motion to 
Dismiss that "The 'soundest rule for the Virgin Islands is to define a private nuisance as a 
substantial and unreasonable nontrespassory interference with another's interest in the private use 
and enjoyment of land.'" 
The First Amended Complaint more than adequately alleges a private nuisance claim. It 
alleges that Kjaer's violation of the restrictive covenant to which Parcel 11 is subject is an 
intentional and unreasonable invasion of Great St. Jim's interest in Parcel 11. See FAC at ¶¶ 24-
29. The restrictive covenant provides that Parcel 11 shall be "exclusively" used by the owners and 
occupants of Great St. James for the purposes of transportation to and from Great St. James. 
Kjaer's use of Parcel 11 to operate a business for purposes other than those contemplated by the 
restrictive covenant is by definition a substantial and unreasonable interference with the owner of 
Great St. Jim's exclusive right to use Parcel 11 for those purposes. Moreover, throughout the First 
Amended Complaint, Plaintiff makes clear that Defendants' violations have continued and are 
ongoing. Thus, as explained above, Defendants' argument that the statute of limitations somehow 
bars Plaintiff's private nuisance claim has no merit. Accordingly, Defendants' Motion to Dismiss 
as to Plaintiff's private nuisance claim must be denied as well. 
G. No Diminution of Value of GSJ 
The First Amended Complaint properly states a claim for diminution of the value of Great. 
St. James. "The measure of damages for breach of a restrictive covenant is the diminution in the 
value of the benefitted parcel by reason of the breach." New York City Econ. Dev. Corp. v. T.C. 
Foods Imp. & Exp. Co., 46 A.D.3d 778, 847 N.Y.S.2d 669, 670 (2007) (citing Flynn v. New York, 
EFTA00807033
--- PAGE 17 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 17 of 20 
Westchester & Boston Ry. Co., 218 N.Y. 140, 112 N.E. 913; Binghamton Plaza v. Gilinsky, 32 
A.D.2d 994, 301 N.Y.S.2d 921)); see also Cobb v. Gammon, 389 P.3d 1058, 1074 (N.M. Ct. App. 
2016) (describing "diminution of value" as "relevant as a measure of damages for injury to real 
property."). The First Amended Complaint puts Defendants on notice of Great St. Jim's 
diminution of value claim, and Plaintiff is not required to plead anything more than that which it 
has already plead in the First Amended Complaint. The unswom and untested factual assertions 
of Defendant's counsel in support of Defendants' motion to dismiss Plaintiff's claim for 
diminution of value is not evidence of anything, is improperly offered and may not be considered 
on this Motion to Dismiss. To the extent the Court determines that diminution of value is a remedy 
and is not a separate cause of action, Great St. Jim's diminution of value claim is not subject to 
dismissal, but is properly alleged as part and parcel of its claim for Defendant's breach of the 
restrictive covenant. 
H. Unjust Enrichment Claim 
Count Five is properly alleged and adequately places Defendants on notice of Great St. 
Jim's claim against them for unjust enrichment. 
An unjust enrichment claim consists of four elements: "(1) that the defendant was enriched, 
(2) that such enrichment was at the plaintiff's expense, (3) that the defendant had appreciation or 
knowledge of the benefit, and (4) that the circumstances were such that in equity or 
good conscience the defendant should return the money or property to the plaintiff." Walters v. 
Walters, 60 V.I. 768, 779-780 (V.I. 2014) (adopting elements of unjust enrichment pursuant to a 
Banks analysis). 
The First Amended Complaint alleges that "Defendant Kjaer has wrongfully earned 
income through the operation of a business on Parcel 11, in violation of the clear and express terms 
EFTA00807034
--- PAGE 18 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 18 of 20 
of said restrictive covenant" and that "[i]ncome is a thing of value which Defendant Kjaer is not 
entitled to receive by his use of Parcel 11." FAC at ¶¶ 40-41. The first element is therefore 
satisfied because the First Amended Complaint alleges that Kjaer was enriched by his receipt of 
income he would not otherwise have, but for the violation of the restrictive covenant. The First 
Amended Complaint further explains that Kjaer has earned income at Great St. Jim's expense 
because the income is generated in violation of the restrictive covenant, and the restrictive 
covenant limits the uses of Parcel 11 to serving the transportation needs of owners or occupants or 
premises situated on Great St. James Island. FAC at ¶ 42. These allegations satisfy the second 
and third elements of unjust enrichment. Moreover, Defendants' Motion to Dismiss does not deny 
knowledge of the income described in the First Amended Complaint. 
The First Amended Complaint also sets forth facts supporting the fourth element of unjust 
enrichment, that the circumstances are such that in equity or good conscience Kjaer should return 
the money or property to Great St. Jim. The clear terms of the restrictive covenant limit the use of 
Parcel 11 to serving as a launching point and landing spot for the owners and occupants of Great 
St. James. The First Amended Complaint alleges that Kjaer, who is not an owner or occupant of 
Great St. James, is using Parcel 11 for purposes other than those set forth in restrictive covenant 
making it so that Plaintiff is unable to use Parcel 11 "as the site of such shelter, garages, storage 
buildings, or the like facilities as are incident to such use." FAC at ¶ 12. As set forth in the First 
Amended Complaint, the income Kjaer has earned through his use of Parcel II in violation of the 
restrictive covenant has reduced the value of Great St. James Island, which Great St. Jim owns. 
FAC at ¶ 42. Accordingly, equity dictates that the income Kjaer owned through his violation of 
the restrictive covenant should be awarded to Great St. Jim. 
III. 
Conclusion 
EFTA00807035
--- PAGE 19 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 19 of 20 
Defendants' Motion to Dismiss must be denied because it fails to set forth any valid basis 
for dismissal of any portion of the First Amended Complaint for failure to meet V.I. R. Civ. P. 
8(a)'s liberal notice pleading standard. The First Amended Complaint more than adequately 
alleges that a restrictive covenant exists and that Kajer is violating the restrictive covenant by using 
it for purposes other than those set out in the restrictive covenant, i.e., for the transportation needs 
of the owners and occupants of Great St. James. The First Amended Complaint also properly 
asserts claims for private nuisance, diminution of value, and unjust enrichment. Accordingly, 
Defendants' Motion to Dismiss must be denied. 
Respectfully, 
Dated: November 
2018 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
MARJORIE WHALEN, ESQ. 
AYSHA R. GREGORY, ESQ. 
V.I. Bar Nos. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: ( 
Email: 
EFTA00807036
--- PAGE 20 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. Christian Kjaer, et aL 
Civil No. ST-I8-CV-293 
Opposition to Motion to Dismiss 
Page 20 of 20 
RULE 6-1 CERTIFICATE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that this document complies with the page or word limitation set 
forth in V.I. R. Qv. P. 6-1(e). 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this 
day of November, 2018, I caused a true and exact 
copy of the foregoing Opposition to Motion to Dismiss to be served via first class mail, postage 
prepaid, upon: 
Gaylin Vogel, Esq. 
Kevin F. D'Amour, P.C. 
P.O. Box 10829 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00801 
EFTA00807037

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807038.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 
Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 1 of 20 
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FORT THE DISTRICT OF PUERTO RICO 
In re: 
BETTEROADS ASPHALT, LLC. 
Debtor 
In re: 
BETTERECYCLING CORPORATION 
Debtor 
Case No. 17-04156(ESL) 
Chapter 11 
Case No. 17-04157(ESL) 
Chapter 11 
OPPOSITION TO MOTION TO DISMISS 
TO THE HONORABLECOURT: 
COME NOW, Firstbank Puerto Rico ("Firstbank"), Banco Santander de Puerto Rico 
("Banco Santander"), the Economic Development Bank for Puerto Rico ("EDB"), and Banco 
Popular de Puerto Rico ("Banco Popular" or the "Administrative Agent" and collectively with 
Firstbank, Banco Santander and EDB, the "Lenders") through their undersigned counsel and 
respectfully file this Opposition (the "Opposition") to the Motion to Dismiss (the "Motion to 
Dismiss") filed by Betteroads Asphalt, LLC ("Betteroads") and Betterecycling Corporation 
("Betterecycling") (collectively the "Debtors"). 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
As set forth more fully below, the Motion to Dismiss should be denied because it fails to 
contest the validity of the involuntary petitions against each of the Debtors commenced by the 
Petitioning Creditors (defined below). The Motion to Dismiss requests that the involuntary 
petitions be dismissed solely on the following grounds: (a) the Lenders' claims under the 
syndicated credit facilities are subject to a bona fide dispute; (b) Sargeant Marine Inc. and 
EFTA00807038
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 2 of 20 
Sargeant Trading Ltd.'s claims should count as one; and (c) there is no evidence that the Debtors 
have failed to pay their obligations as they become due. 
The Debtors' allegations, even if deemed true (which they are not), are insufficient as a 
matter of law to require dismissal of the involuntary petitions under section 303 of the 
Bankruptcy Code. The involuntary petitions satisfy Section 303(b) of the Bankruptcy Code: the 
involuntary petition as to Betteroads was filed by eight petitioning creditors and seven 
petitioning creditors filed the involuntary petition against Betterecycling. Section 303(b) of the 
Bankruptcy Code requires that the involuntary petition be commenced by at least three qualified 
creditors, whose claims are not subject to a bona fide dispute, and whose unsecured and 
uncontingent claims aggregate at least $15,775. It follows that, even if the Debtors' allegations 
were deemed true (which they are not) and the Lenders' claims under the syndicated credit 
facilities fail to qualify under section 303(b), and Sargeant's claims count as only one claim 
under section 303(b), that nevertheless each involuntary petition would remain supported by at 
least three qualified petitioning creditors with undisputed, final and unappealable judgments 
representing unsecured claims that exceed the aggregate applicable Section 303(b) requirement 
of $15,775.00. Accordingly, even assuming the Debtors' Motion to Dismiss allegations are true 
(which they are not) the involuntary petitions are proper and comply with the requirements under 
section 303(b). 
Moreover, the Motion to Dismiss does not deny that the Debtors have failed to pay their 
claims as they become due. The Debtors' allegations are focused solely on alleging that the 
Petitioning Creditors have not submitted evidence to prove that the Debtors have failed to pay 
such claims. That is not enough to defeat the involuntary petitions. First, the Petitioning 
Creditors properly and specifically alleged that each Debtor was not generally paying its debts as 
they become due as part of each Involuntary Petition (defined below) and the Court is required to 
EFTA00807039
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 3 of 20 
accept those well-pled allegations in the Involuntary Petition as accurate. Second, the Debtors' 
Motion to Dismiss does not deny the allegations in the Motion to Appoint a Trustee - that in the 
year prior to the filing of these cases the Debtors accumulated dozens of legal claims from 
suppliers and vendors for amounts past due. Indeed, the Debtors admit that in the months prior 
to the involuntary petition at least 17 complaints were filed by suppliers or vendors against the 
Debtors for amounts past due. Further, in the month and a half since the filing of the involuntary 
petitions, aside from the Petitioning Creditors, additional creditors have filed proofs of claim 
against the Debtors for unpaid amounts due as of the involuntary petition date that aggregate 
approximately $1.5 Million. 
In short, the Motion to Dismiss must be denied because the Petitioning Creditors have 
alleged a prima facie case under section 303(b) for the Court to grant the involuntary petitions 
and enter an order for relief. Accordingly, and for additional reasons set forth more fully below, 
the Court should deny the Motions to Dismiss and enter an order for relief. 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
I. 
On June 9, 2017, Champion Petroleum, Inc., Control Force, Corp., St James 
Security Services, Inc., Facsimile Paper Connection, Corp., Sargeant Marine, Inc. and Sargeant 
Trading LTD, and the Lenders (collectively, the "Petitioning Creditors") filed an involuntary 
bankruptcy petition against each of the Debtors (collectively, the "Involuntary Petitions"). See 
Docket No. 1. 
2. 
On June 27, 2017, the Debtors filed a Motion to Dismiss the Involuntary Petitions 
Pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b) (the "Motion to Dismiss", and collectively with the Involuntary 
Petitions, the "Involuntary Petition Contested Matter"). See Docket No. 46. 
3. 
On June 30, 2017, the Debtors and the Lenders filed a Joint Motion on Discovery 
Schedule (the "Joint Discovery Motion") setting forth the agreement as to the deadlines 
EFTA00807040
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 4 of 20 
regarding the discovery schedule relating, among others, to the Involuntary Petition Contested 
Matter. See Docket No. 58. 
4. 
On August 3, 2017, the Lenders filed a Motion for Protective Order Limiting the 
Scope of Discovery for the Contested Matters Relating to the Motion to Appoint Trustee and the 
Involuntary Petitions (the "Motion for Protective Order"). See Docket No. 73. 
5. 
The Lenders submit this Opposition to the Motion to Dismiss reserving the right 
to amend and supplement this opposition with evidence, documents, and testimony obtained as 
part of the ongoing discovery process. 
OPPOSITION AND BASIS THEREFOR 
I. 
Standard to Determine Motion to Dismiss 
6. 
The Motion to Dismiss was filed under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b) 
("Rule 12(b)"). See Motion to Dismiss, 18. 
7. 
Rule 12(b) and case law interpreting it set the standard for this court's 
determination of the Debtors' Rule 12(b) motion. It is black letter law that the court should 
accept the well-pled facts in the complaint (here, the Involuntary Petitions) as true. See e.g., 
Diaz Aviation Corp. v. Airport Aviation Servs., Inc. 762 F. Supp. 2d 388, 392 (D.P.R. 2011) (A 
motion to dismiss under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(6)(1) is subject to a similar standard 
of review as a motion brought pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6): "[w]hen a district court considers 
a Rule 12(b)(1) motion, it must credit the plaintiffs well-pled factual allegations and draw all 
reasonable inferences in the plaintiffs favor.") citing Merlonghi v. U.S., 620 F.3d 50, 54 (1st 
Cir.2010); Negron-Gaztambide v. Hernandez-Torres 35 F.3d 25, 27 (1st Cir.1994))• see also 
Erickson v. Pardus 551 U.S. 89, 127 S.Ct. 2197, 2200 (2007) (Court must accept as true all the 
factual allegations contained in the complaint.) 
EFTA00807041
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 5 of 20 
8. 
Under the standard of Rule 12 (b) the Petitioning Creditors have unquestionably 
established a prima facie case for relief pursuant to section 303 of the Bankruptcy Code with the 
Involuntary Petitions and the allegations therein. 
II. 
The Involuntary Petitions Satisfy Section 303(b) of the Bankruptcy Code 
9. 
The allegations in the Involuntary Petitions establish a prima facie case under 
Section 303 of the Bankruptcy Code. Section 303 of the Bankruptcy Code sets forth the 
requirements for creditors to file an involuntary bankruptcy petition, providing in pertinent part, 
as follows: 
(b) An involuntary case against a person is commenced by the filing with the 
bankruptcy court of a petition under chapter 7 or 11 of this title—
(1) by three or more entities, each of which is either a holder of a claim against 
such person that is not contingent as to liability or the subject of a bona fide 
dispute as to liability or amount, or an indenture trustee representing such a 
holder, if such noncontingent. undisputed claims aggregate at least $15375 more 
than the value of any lien on property of the debtor securing such claims held by 
the holders of such claims; ... 
U.S.C. §303(b) (emphasis added). 
10. 
Accordingly, pursuant to the language of section 303(b), for involuntary relief to 
be granted, an involuntary petition must be filed by (i) at least three or more petitioning 
creditors; (ii) with claims that are not contingent as to liability or that are not the subject of a 
bona fide dispute as to liability or amount; and (iii) whose unsecured, noncontingent, undisputed 
claims are at least in the aggregate amount of $15,775. See 11 U.S.C. §303(b). 
A. 
The Debtors' Allegations arc Insufficient to Contest the Involuntary Petitions 
11. 
The Debtors' allegations in the Motion to Dismiss are insufficient because they 
are limited to the following asserted failures to comply with section 303(b): (i) the Debtors allege 
that the Lenders' claims under the syndicated credit facilities are allegedly subject to a bona fide 
dispute since there is a pending counter claim in the local court litigation. (e.g., pages 8-12 of 
EFTA00807042
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 6 of 20 
the Motion to Dismiss); and (ii) the Debtors allege that the claims of petitioning creditors 
Sargeant Trading, LTD and Sargeant Marine, Inc. should count as claims of a single petitioning 
creditor (not two). See e.g., Paragraphs 56-58 of the Motion to Dismiss. The Debtors' Motion to 
Dismiss otherwise fails to challenge or dispute the claims of any other Petitioning Creditor, and 
does not challenge or dispute additional claims of the Lenders that are not claims under the 
syndicated credit facilities provided by the Lenders. 
12. 
Even if somehow the Debtors' allegations in their Motion to Dismiss were 
credited as true (which they are not), if the Court were to find that the Lenders' claims under the 
syndicated credit facilities are subject to a bona fide dispute and that Sargeant's claim should 
count as only a single claim, the Petitioning Creditors have still presented a proper prima facie 
case for relief that justifies the granting of the Involuntary Petitions. Each involuntary petition is 
indisputably supported by: (a) at least three (3) petitioning creditors with claims that are not 
contingent or subject to a bona fide dispute as to liability or amount; and (b) that the aggregate of 
their unsecured, noncontingent undisputed claims aggregate more than the statutory threshold of 
$15,775. 
13. 
The Involuntary Petitions each include an Exhibit A that lists each of the 
Petitioning Creditors and a detail on each of their respective claims. 
14. 
Specifically, as set forth on Exhibit A to the Involuntary Petition filed against 
Betteroads, the following Petitioning Creditors (excluding the Lenders) asserted qualifying 
claims as follows: 
(1) 
St. James Security Inc., holding a final and unappealable judgment in the 
amount of $184,242.84; 
(2) 
Sargeant Marine, Inc. holding a final and unappealable judgment of 
$165,074.84; 
EFTA00807043
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 7 of 20 
(3) 
Sargeant Trading Ltd., holding a final and unappealable judgment of 
$104,355.38; and 
(4) 
Facsimile Paper Connection Corp., holding a final and unappealable judgment 
in the amount of $9,874.80. 
15. 
Each of the above Betteroads' Petitioning Creditors hold final and unappealable 
judgments that have not been contested by the Debtors. 
16. 
Exhibit A to the Betteroads Petition also itemizes the Lenders' respective claims 
against Betteroads, including updated claims balance as of the date of the filing of the Betteroads 
Petition. See Exhibit A to the Betteroads Petition. Exhibit A also shows that the Lenders, 
particularly Banco Popular and FirstBank, hold claims against Betteroads that are not part of the 
syndicate and are not claims subject to objection  by the Motion to Dismiss. Id. 
17. 
Further, as set forth on Exhibit A to the Involuntary Petition filed against 
Betterecycling, the following Petitioning Creditors (excluding the Lenders' claims) asserted 
qualifying claims as follows: 
(1) 
St. James Security Inc., holding a final and unappealable judgment in the 
amount of $60,020.48; 
(2) 
Control Force Corporation holding a final and unappealable judgment of 
$56,872.14; and 
(3) 
Champion Petroleum Inc. holding a final and unappealable judgment in the 
amount of $5,204.88. 
18. 
Each of the above Betterecycling Petitioning Creditors hold final and 
unappealable judgments that have not been contested by the Debtors. 
19. 
Exhibit A to the Betterecycling Petition also itemizes the Lenders' respective 
claims against Betterecycling, including an updated claims balance as of the date of the filing of 
EFTA00807044
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 8 of 20 
the Betterecycling Petition. See Exhibit A to the Betterecycling Petition. Exhibit A shows that 
one of the Lenders, particularly Banco Popular, hold claims against Betterecycling that are not 
part of the syndicate and are not claims subject to objection  by the Motion to Dismiss. Id. 
20. 
It follows that the Petitioning Creditors have filed Involuntary Petitions that 
comply with the requirements of section 303(b) even if the Court were to credit and accept as 
true the allegations in the Motion to Dismiss (which the Court should not do). 
B. 
The Court Should Reject the Debtors' Insufficient Allegations 
21. 
Moreover the Court should reject the arguments in the Motion to Dismiss that are 
legally irrelevant to determining whether the Involuntary Petition meets the requirements of 
section 303(b). 
22. 
First, as to the Lenders' claims, Banco Popular and Firstbank each hold and assert 
separately other credit facility claims against the Debtors (apart from the eight Lenders' 
syndicated credit facility claims) as listed on Exhibit A to the Involuntary Petitions (as 
amended). Such other claims are not contested by the Motion to Dismiss. For example, Banco 
Popular asserts claims relating to obligations under credit cards held by the Debtors, which are 
not subject to a bona fide dispute, and also claims under commercial obligations that are subject 
to a local court litigation (separate and independent from the litigation relating to the Lenders' 
syndicate claims) where the Debtors have not yet answered the complaint or asserted any counter 
claims. The Debtors did not address these separate and independent Banco Popular claims in 
their Motions to Dismiss because these Banco Popular claims are not subject to a bona fide 
dispute. See In re Fustolo 816 F.3d I, 4 (1s1 Cir. 2016) (court finding that a petitioning creditor 
may assert as part of an involuntary petition separate claims for purposes of section 303(b), some 
of which may be subject to a bona fide dispute and others which may not). 
EFTA00807045
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 
Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 9 of 20 
23. 
Second, the Debtors allege that Sargeant Trading Ltd and Sargeant Marine, Inc. 
are joint holders of a single obligation owed by Betteroads and therefore may be counted as only 
a single petitioning creditor for purposes of Section 303(b). The Debtors' allegations in this 
regard are incorrect and disproven by public documents supporting the different Sargeant 
Trading Ltd and Sargeant Marine, Inc. claims. Pursuant to a Decision and Final Award of 
Arbitration (the "Decision and Final Award"), which was subsequently confirmed by the U.S. 
District Court for the Southern District of New York (the "SDNY Judgment"), each of these 
Sargeant entities separately hold distinct and separate claims against Betteroads. The amounts 
owed to each Sargeant entity, respectively, are specifically itemized in the Decision and Final 
Award, in the SDNY Judgment and consequently in the Betteroads Petition. 
24. 
The Motion to Dismiss falls short of showing that the Sargeant entities separately 
asserted claims fail to qualify separately under Section 303(b). To qualify as a petitioning 
creditor under section 303(b), the petitioning creditors must be "entities" and each petitioning 
creditor must be a "holder of a claim". Several courts have held that multiple creditors holding a 
single judgment may be considered as separate creditors for purposes of section 303(b)(1) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, if each has an enforceable right to payment derived from the judgment. In re 
Zapas, 530 B.R. 560, 568-71 (Bankr. E.D.N.Y. 2015) See also In re Mid-America Indus., Inc. 
236 B.R. 640 (Bankr. N.D. Il 1999). 
25. 
That a single judgment evidences that Sargent Trading Ltd and Sargent Marine 
Inc. are owed separate obligations does not help the Motion to Dismiss. In In re Mid-America 
Indus.. Inc. 236 B.R. 640 (1999), the Bankruptcy Court for the District of Massachusetts held: 
"[A] debt on which judgment was rendered is the same debt that it was 
before; that, notwithstanding the change in its form from that of a simple 
contract debt, or unliquidated claim, or whatever its character may have 
been, by merger into a judgment of a court of record, it still remains the 
same debt on which the action was brought..." 
EFTA00807046
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 10 of 20 
In it Richard A. Turner Co.. Inc., 209 B.R. 177, 180 (Bankr. D. Mass. 1997) citing Boynton v 
Ball, 121 U.S. 457, 466 (1887). 
26. 
In sum, even assuming arguendo that the Debtors' allegations in their Motion to 
Dismiss are true (which they are not), the Debtors have: (i) failed to present an allegation that 
shows that the Involuntary Petitions are not supported by at least three creditors whose claims 
are not subject to a bona fide dispute; (ii) failed to challenge that the aggregate of these claims do 
not exceed the $15,775 threshold of Section 303(b); and (iii) failed to present evidence or 
demonstrate that the Petitioning Creditors' claims are subject to a bona fide dispute. It follows 
that the Petitioning Creditors have clearly met their burden of filing valid involuntary petitions 
that each fully comply with the requirements of Section 303(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
III. A Petitioning Creditor's Good or Bad Faith in Filing an Involuntary Petition is Not a 
Basis for Dismissal 
27. 
The Motion to Dismiss alleges that the Lenders joined the filing of the 
Involuntary Petitions in bad faith. Without any evidence, the Debtors allege that: (a) the 
Involuntary Petitions were filed for an "improper purpose"; and (b) the Petitioning Creditors 
filed the Involuntary Petitions as a "weapon" to exert pressure on the Debtors and to gain 
collection advantage over other creditors. 
28. 
The Lenders deny all of the Debtors' allegations of bad faith. Without any 
evidence to support their putative "bad faith" allegations, the Debtors merely request that the 
Court allow discovery to find evidence to support their unfounded allegations. 
29. 
On August 3, 2017, the Lenders filed their Motion for Protective Order against 
the unnecessary, inappropriate and unduly burdensome discovery request of the Debtors that are 
predicated on "bad faith" allegations. 
EFTA00807047
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 11 of 20 
30. 
In their Motion for Protective Order, the Lenders set forth the reasons why the 
Debtors' bad faith allegations are not a proper defense to an involuntary petition and why the 
Court should refuse to consider the Debtors' allegations at this stage. In the interest of brevity, 
the Lenders hereby incorporate by reference, as if fully set forth herein, the reasons stated in the 
Motion for Protective Order as to why the Debtors' allegations of putative bad faith are not a 
cognizable defense against the merits of the Involuntary Petitions. 
A. Alleged Bad Faith Is Not a Cognizable Defense to an Involuntary Petition 
31. 
Section 303 of the Bankruptcy Code sets the standards for granting or denying an 
order for relief on an involuntary petition. 
Specifically, Sections 303(b) and (h) of the 
Bankruptcy Code provide in relevant part: 
(b) An involuntary case against a person is commenced by the filing with the 
bankruptcy court of a petition under chapter 7 or 11 of this title—
(1) by three or more entities, each of which is either a holder of a claim 
against such person that is not contingent as to liability or the subject 
of a bona fide dispute as to liability or amount, or an indenture trustee 
representing such a holder, if such noncontingent, undisputed claims 
aggregate at least $10,000 more than the value of any lien on property 
of the debtor securing such claims held by the holders of such claims; 
(h) If the petition is not timely controverted, the court shall order relief against the 
debtor in an involuntary case under the chapter under which the petition was 
filed. Otherwise, after trial, the court shall order relief against the debtor in an 
involuntary case under the chapter under which the petition was filed, only if 
(1) the debtor is generally not paying such debtor's debts as such debts 
become due unless such debts are the subject of a bona fide dispute as 
to liability or amount... 
32. 
Section 303 does not provide a "bad faith" defense to those who contest an 
involuntary petition. Rather, Section 303 refers to "bad faith" only in Section 303(i)(2), which 
provides that if the court dismisses an involuntary petition, it may award damages against any 
creditor "that filed the petition in bad faith". 11 USC §303(iX2). 
EFTA00807048
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 12 of 20 
33. 
As for "bad faith filing" of an involuntary petition, Section 303(i)(2) provides 
only that: 
If the court dismisses a petition under this section other than on consent of all 
petitioning creditors and the debtor, and if the debtor does not waive the right to 
judgment under this subsection, the court may grant judgment—
(2) against any petitioner that filed the petition in bad faith, for—
(A) any damages proximately caused by such filing; or 
(B) punitive damages. 
34. 
A number of courts following the plain meaning of Section 303 of the Bankruptcy 
Code have decided that bad faith is not an independent basis to contest a properly filed 
involuntary petition under the Bankruptcy Code. 
35. 
As the Bankruptcy Appellate Panel for the Ninth Circuit held, Section 303(b) 
"does not contain any language regarding the good faith of the petitioning creditors. Nor does 
§303(h)". In re Marciano, 459 B.R. 27, 44 (BAP 9th Cir. 2011), <id, 708 F.3d 1123 (9th Cir. 
2013). Section 303(i)(2) "makes plain that bad faith is not relevant unless consequential and 
punitive damages are under consideration". In re Marciano, supra at 44, citing In re Kidwell, 158 
B.R. 203, 217 (Bankr. E.D.Cal. 1993). If the grounds for sustaining an involuntary petition for 
bankruptcy relief exist under Section 303, the "good faith of the petitioning creditors appear 
irrelevant". See In re WLB-RSK Venture 320 B.R. 221, at 6 (9th Cir. BAP 2004). 
B. The Court Should Follow Precedents Finding that Bad Faith is not an 
Independent Defense 
36. 
This Court should follow numerous other courts that have determined that bad 
faith is not a cognizable defense to an involuntary petition. For instance in Marciano the Court 
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reviewed a bankruptcy court order granting a motion for 
protective order sought by petitioning creditors who were subject to "bad faith" allegations. The 
bankruptcy court had ruled that it would not reach the issue of bad faith nor allow discovery on 
EFTA00807049
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 13 of 20 
alleged bad faith issues "unless and until" the involuntary petition was dismissed. Id. The 
bankruptcy court reasoned that because bad faith was not an issue and may never become an 
issue, it would not 'deny' discovery but would 'stage' discovery for future proceedings, 
depending on the developments of the case. Id. 
37. 
The 9'h Circuit Court of Appeals (and the 9th Circuit BAP) affirmed the 
bankruptcy court's decision: 
The Bankruptcy Code does not expressly provide for dismissal of an 
otherwise proper involuntary petition because of the subjective "bad faith" 
of the filers. But even assuming the theoretical availability of such a defense, we 
cannot perceive the benefit of discovery on the issue here, where each of the 
Petitioning Creditors held a substantial judgment against Marciano. The 
bankruptcy court did not abuse its discretion in concluding that further 
discovery would have been unlikely to produce any evidence material to the 
pending summary judgment motions. See Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(b)(2)(C)(iii) 
(requiring a protective order if the "burden or expense of the proposed discovery 
outweighs its likely benefit"); Fed. R. Bankr.P. 7026 (providing that Fed.R.Civ.P. 
applies in adversarial bankruptcy proceedings). 
In re Marciano 708 F.3d 1123 (9th Cir. 2013) (emphasis added). 
38. 
Likewise, in General Trading, Inc. v. Yale Materials Handling Corp., 119 F.3d 
1485, 1505 (11th Cir.1997) when analyzing other issues relating to an involuntary bankruptcy 
filing, the I Ith Circuit Court of Appeals held that "if the petition was not dismissed, [the 
petitioning creditor] could not under the Bankruptcy Code have been subject to the bad faith 
inquiry." 
39. 
Other courts agree. In In re Basil St. Partners, the bankruptcy court for the 
Middle District of Florida held: 
Nowhere in the eligibility requirements of § 303(b) is there any reference to the 
motivation of the petitioning creditor(s), or any requirement that the petitioning 
creditor(%) demonstrate either good faith or the absence of bad faith in filing the 
petition. In fact, the law presumes good faith on the part of the petitioning 
creditors. (citations omitted]. Rather, the only mention of bad faith in § 303 is 
contained in § 303(i)(2), which governs the assessment of damages against any 
petitioner who filed the petition in bad faith. However, it is clear from a plain 
EFTA00807050
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 14 of 20 
reading of the statute that § 303(i) is triggered only after the court has dismissed 
the petition. In other words, dismissal of the petition is a prerequisite to a bad 
faith inquiry and analysis. The concept of bad faith has no bearing on a 
bankruptcy court's determination of whether to dismiss the petition in the first 
place. See General Trading, Inc. v. Yale Materials Handling Corp., 119 F.3d 
1485, 1505 (11th Cir.1997) (noting that "if the petition was not dismissed, 
[petitioning creditor] could not under the Bankruptcy Code have been subject to 
the bad faith inquiry"). 
In re Basil St. Partners. LLC, 477 B.R. 846, 849 (Bankr. M.D. Fla. 2012). See also In re 
Kennedy, 504 B.R. 815, 823-24, (Bankr. S.D. Miss. 2014) ("Good faith is not an explicit 
requirement for granting involuntary relief under § 303. And the plain language of § 303(i)—
where bad faith is mentioned—contemplates bad faith only as a requirement for the recovery of 
actual or punitive damages after the involuntary petition is dismissed. Thus where, as here, a 
petitioning creditor meets the prerequisite requirements under § 303, a finding of bad faith [is] 
inappropriate."). See also Aigner v. McMillan, 2013 WL 2445042, at *4 (Bankr. N.D. Tex. June 
4, 2013), subsequently affd in pan sub nom. In re McMillan, 614 F. App'x 206 (5th Cir. 2015) 
("Given the court's conclusion that petitioner has satisfied the prerequisites set forth in Code 
section 303, a finding of bad faith would be inappropriate."); In re WLB—RSK Venture 320 B.R. 
221, at *6 n. 13 (9th Cir. BAP 2004) ("Section 303 sets forth the standards for granting or 
denying an order for relief on an involuntary petition. If the grounds for relief exist under 
section 303, the good or bad faith of the petitioning creditor appears irrelevant....".); In re 
Smith, 243 B.R. 169 (Bankr. N.D.Ga. 1999) (analyzing petitioning creditor's alleged bad faith 
for purposes of assessing damages under § 303(i) only after court had previously dismissed the 
petition); In re Knoth 168 B.R. 311, 315 (Bankr. D.S.C. 1994) (holding that under terms of 
Section 303 a prerequisite for a bad faith claim is that the court must have dismissed the 
involuntary petition; such prerequisite was not established because the court granted the 
involuntary bankruptcy petition, saying: "the motivation of the petitioning creditors is irrelevant 
EFTA00807051
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 15 of 20 
on the question of whether the involuntary petition should be granted."); In re Kidwell 158 B.R. 
203, 217 (Bankr. E.D. Cal. 1993) ("statute makes plain that bad faith is not relevant unless 
consequential and punitive damages are under consideration"); In re Ross 63 B.R. 951, 955 
(Bankr.S.D.N.Y.1986) (holding that the court need not reach the affirmative defense that the 
involuntary petition was not filed in good faith if an order for relief is entered). 
40. 
The Lenders respectfully submit that the Court should follow the cases detailed 
above, particularly since the Petitioning Creditors have established a prima facie case under 
section 303(b) pursuant to the Involuntary Petitions, and thus refuse to consider any bad faith 
allegations at this stage.' 
IV. 
The Debtors are Generally Not Paving Their Debts as Such Debts Become Due 
41. 
The Involuntary Petitions each establish that there are at least three (3) Petitioning 
Creditors holding debts against each of Betteroads and Betterecycling that are not subject to a 
bona fide dispute. Accordingly the Court is required to ("shall") enter an order for relief against 
Betteroads and Betterecycling, if they are "generally not paying [their] debts as such debts 
become due [...]". 11 U.S.C. §303(h)(1). 
42. 
Drawing all reasonable inferences posed by the allegations in the Involuntary 
Petitions in favor of the Lenders' and the Petitioning Creditors, it is clear as a matter of law that 
In their Motion to Dismiss, and as asserted support for the discovery they seek to attempt to 
sustain their bad faith allegations, the Debtors rely on In re Forever Green Athletic Fields, Inc., 804 F.3d 
328 (31d Cir. 2015) which held that bad faith may serve as a separate basis for dismissal, even where an 
involuntary petition appears properly filed. The Lenders understand that other cases allowing discovery 
on bad faith at this stage, which the Lenders submit the Court should not adopt, do so on equitable 
grounds. Specifically, these cases find that while bad faith is not a defense included in the text of 
Sections 303(b) or (h) to contest an involuntary petition (it is only an element as to damages under an 
improperly filed petition, once and if such petition is dismissed), these courts insert such a defense into 
the Bankruptcy Code on equitable grounds. Nonetheless, as this Court already noted in its decision in In 
re Edgar Colon Reyes, the Court should not use equity to expand on exceptions that are not included 
within the text of Section 303 of the Bankruptcy Code. In re Edgar Reyes Colon, 558 B.R. 563 (Bankr. 
D.P.R. 2016). Based on such limitations, and for the reasons detailed above, the Court should adopt the 
line of cases limiting discovery as to bad faith. 
EFTA00807052
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 16 of 20 
the Petitioning Creditors properly alleged that the Debtors are "generally not paying [their] debts 
as they become due [...]" See Involuntary Petitions at 111. 
43. 
Indeed the Debtors' Motion to Dismiss fails to deny that they are not generally 
paying their claims as they become due. Rather the Debtors contend only that the Petitioning 
Creditors have not provided supporting evidence for their allegations that the Debtors are not 
paying their claims as they became due. There is no merit to the Debtors' contention. 
44. 
First, in their Motion to Dismiss, the Debtors admit that at least since July 2016, 
when the Lenders started to exercise remedies under the syndicated credit facilities, the Debtors 
are not `conducting their affairs in a manner consistent within the established course of business 
with its lenders and suppliers. See Motion to Dismiss, '116. 
45. 
Second, the record shows that since the filing of the Involuntary Petitions, 
additional unpaid claims (in addition to those of the Petitioning Creditors) have been filed 
against the Debtors. During less than two months from the filing of the Involuntary Petitions, 
eight additional claims have been filed against Betteroads, and five additional claims against 
Betterecycling (for a total of thirteen (13) claims). This is additional evidence, for which the 
Court can take judicial notice, that the Debtors are not paying their debts as they become due. 
46. 
More specifically, the following claims have been filed against Betteroads: 
Proof of 
Creditor 
Amount Owed 
figimEQ, 
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority 
$36,768.53 
Triple-S Salud, Inc. 
$53,590.11 
IRS 
$668,599.40 
Puerto Rico Telephone Company 
$1,173.58 
NY Wiping Industrial Products, Inc. 
$2,756.45 
World Professional Group, LLC 
$72,200.00 
Total Petroleum Puerto Rico Corp. 
$339,476.80 
BMW Financial 
$4,190.45 
Total: 
$1,178,755.32 
EFTA00807053
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 17 of 20 
47. 
The additional claims filed against Betterecycling are as follows: 
Proof of 
Creditor 
Amount Owed 
Claim No. 
I 
IRS 
$312,275.81 
Puerto Rico Telephone 
$2,805.13 
NY Wiping Industrial Products, Inc. 
$7,705.83 
Carolina Building Material 
$993.47 
Jorge L. Resto Rosado 
$25,702.81 
Total: 
$349,483.05 
48. 
The foregoing additional proofs of claim filed by unpaid creditors evidences that 
Betteroads and Betterecycling owe at least $1,528,238.37 to creditors not counting the claims of 
the Petitioning Creditors which exceed $90 Million. 
49. 
Further, the proofs of claim filed by the IRS shows that both of the Debtors' 
outstanding federal tax liabilities, which amount to approximately $980,875.21, date back as far 
as 2015. See Proofs of Claim• See also Notice of Levy. This is ample evidence that the Debtors 
are not paying their claims as they become due. Moreover, the additional proofs of claim show 
that Debtors are not paying their utility creditors such as PREPA and the Puerto Rico Telephone 
Company. 
50. 
Third, the Court should consider and take judicial notice of the Lenders' Motion 
to Appoint a Trustee, in which the Lenders assert and submit evidence showing that during the 
past year, dozens of the Debtors' creditors and suppliers have filed legal claims against the 
Debtors for past due amounts. In the Motion to Dismiss, the Debtors admit that at least 17 such 
claims and legal proceedings have been filed. 
51. 
In sum, there is clear evidence that the Debtors have not paid and cannot pay their 
claims in the ordinary course of business. It follows that not only has Section 303(b) of the Code 
has been satisfied, but also Section 303(h)(1). In any event, the Lenders are taking discovery on 
EFTA00807054
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 18 of 20 
this issue as part of the Joint Discovery Schedule agreed to by the parties, and intend to 
supplement the Involuntary Petitions with additional evidence on this point. 
V. 
The Debtors' Request for Abstention Should be Denied 
52. 
It has generally been held that "[w]hen a federal court has jurisdiction, it also has 
a virtually unflagging obligation to exercise that authority" Mata v Lynch, 135 S. Ct. 2150, 2156 
(2015). "Although abstention in a properly filed bankruptcy case is an extraordinary remedy that 
should be used sparingly, dismissal is appropriate where the court finds that both creditors and 
the debtor would be better served by dismissal than they would by the continuation of the case." 
II U.S.C.A. §305(a). In re Efron, 529 B.R. 396, 405 (B.A.P. 1" Cir. 2015) (Emphasis Added). 
See also In re Monitor Single Lift I, Ltd., 381 B.R. 455, 462 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2008) (Holding 
that "[g]ranting an abstention motion pursuant to §305(a)(1) requires more than a simple 
balancing of harm to the debtor and creditors; rather, the interests of both the debtor and its 
creditors must be served by granting the requested relief."). "[B]ecause of this requirement, few 
fact patterns fall within section 305(a)." 2 Collier on Bankruptcy, ¶305.02[1] (16"I Ed. 2017). 
The abstention doctrine should not be used as a remedy in substitution of a motion to dismiss 
under other applicable sections of the Bankruptcy Code. See 2 Collier on Bankruptcy 
1305.020[1] (16ih Ed. 2017). ate also In it Costa Bonita, 479 B.R. 14 (DPR 2012) ("Dismissing 
a case pursuant to 11 U.S.C. §305(a)(1) is a discretionary remedy determined by courts on a case 
by case basis"). 
53. 
In their Motion to Dismiss, the Debtors fail to establish or even argue that the 
interests of their creditors would be better served by abstention rather than by allowing these 
properly-filed involuntary bankruptcy cases to continue. For this reason alone, the Debtors' 
request for abstention under Section 305(a)(1) should be denied. See Macke Intern. Trade. Inc. 
370 B.R. 236, 247-48 (BAP 9th Cir. 2007) ("Before a court may refrain from exercising 
EFTA00807055
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 
Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 19 of 20 
jurisdiction over an otherwise proper case, it must make specific and substantiated findings that 
the interests of the creditors and the debtor will be better served by dismissal"). 
54. 
There is no merit to or support for Debtors' incredulous statements that "[i]f there 
is no bankruptcy proceeding, the Company will be able to continue its ongoing litigation with the 
Petitioning financial institutions and move forward with its business plan, benefiting all other 
creditors and eventually the stockholders." (emphasis added), or that "[t]he Company has had 
good relationships with the majority of its creditors, and is able to work with them if allowed 
without issue." See Motion to Dismiss at 172. The litigation to date in these involuntary cases, 
the number of petitioning creditors joining in the Involuntary Petitions, and the record of 
litigations that have been commenced against the Debtors during the past 2 years clearly show 
that abstention and dismissal of these cases would not be in the interest of creditors. Moreover, 
the Debtors have been transferring their assets as described in the Motion to Appoint a Trustee, 
and creditor remedies to avoid these transfers are available only in bankruptcy. 
55. 
The cases relied upon by the Debtors to support abstention are also inapposite. 
The Involuntary Petitions clearly do not involve a "two-party dispute" that the pending State 
Court litigation could fully resolve. The Involuntary Petitions were filed by at least seven 
creditors, with different claims. Further, the State Court litigation would not resolve or avoid the 
substantial avoidable transfers that the Debtors have undertaken prior to the bankruptcy filing 
nor provide an orderly process for all creditors to assert their claims. Essential to the holding of 
every case cited by the Debtors was a finding that either (1) the need for bankruptcy was 
contingent upon the disposition of ongoing litigation; or (2) the dispute between the parties could 
be resolved — in its entirety — upon completion of a pending federal or state court litigation. The 
Debtors have not met their burden of establishing that abstention under 11 USC §305(a) is in the 
best interest of both Debtors and all the creditors. In re Costa Bonita, 479 B.R. 14 (DPR 2012). 
EFTA00807056
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case:17-04156-ESL11 Doc#:74 Filed:08/03/17 Entered:08/03/17 18:51:45 
Desc: Main 
Document 
Page 20 of 20 
56. 
In sum, the Lenders submit that an involuntary petition is the proper remedy to 
address the Debtors' pre-filing transfers of property, maximize recoveries for creditors, and 
orderly resolve the various and substantial claims against the Debtors. 
WHEREFORE, for the reasons above discussed, the Lenders respectfully request that 
the Court enter orders (i) denying the Debtors' Motion to Dismiss; (ii) granting the relief 
requested in the above-referenced Involuntary Petitions, and (iii) granting the Lenders such other 
relief as is just and proper. 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED. 
In San Juan, Puerto Rico, on August 3m, 2017. 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that on this same date, I electronically filed the foregoing 
with the Clerk of the Court using the CM/ECF system, which will send notification of such filing 
to all CM/ECF participants in the case, including the Debtors. 
O'NEILL & BORGES LLC 
Attorneys for Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, 
Firstbank PR, Banco Santander, and the Economic 
Development Bank for Puerto Rico 
250 Mudoz Rivera Avenue, Suite 800 
San Juan, Puerto Rico 00918-1813 
Tel: 
Fax: 
S/Luis C. Marini Biaggi 
Luis C. Marini Bia gi 
USDC No. 
Email: 
S/Martha L. Acevedo-Peihtela 
Martha L. Acevedo-Peduela 
USDC No. 
Email: 
EFTA00807057

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807058.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 246 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/13/2014 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson 
JANE DOE NI and JANE DOE #2 
v. 
UNITED STATES 
ORDER GRANTING JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S PROSPECTIVE LIMITED 
INTERVENTION AT THE REMEDY STAGE OF THESE PROCEEDINGS 
This matter is before the Court on Jeffrey Epstein's unopposed Motion for Prospective 
Limited Intervention at the Remedy Stage of These Proceedings (DE 207), as well as Jane Doe 
No. 1 and Jane Doe No. 2's Motion for an expedited ruling on this motion (DE 245). Having 
carefully considered the same and finding good cause show, it is 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2's motion (DE 245) is 
GRANTED, also 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED THAT Jeffrey Epstein's motion (DE 207) is GRANTED 
and he allowed to intervene with regard to any remedy issue concerning the non-prosecution 
agreement in this case. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Florida, this /1 day of 
February, 20 I 4. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
cc: 
All counsel 
EFTA00807058

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807059.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually. and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
ORDER DENYING IN PART AND RESERVING IN PART ON 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER AND IN LIMINE 
OF UNRELATED SETTLEMENTS 
THIS MATTER coming before the Court on Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's 
("Epstein"), Motion for Protective Order and in Limine of Unrelated Settlements, and the Court 
having heard argument of counsel on February 28, 2018, and considered Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") Response in Opposition, and being fully advised, it is 
ORDERED that Epstein's Motion for Protective Order and in Limine is denied as it relates 
to the three claimants represented by Edwards. Testimony and evidence relating to the settlements 
paid by Epstein to the three claimants known as in, E.W., and Jane Doe, either in the aggregate 
or individually, will be admissible. 
IT IS FURTHER ordered that the Court reserves ruling on Epstein's Motion as it relates to 
all other tort claimants not directly represented by Edwards pending further argument before the 
Court. At that hearing, the Court will also hear arguments concerning the admissibility of the 
EFTA00807059
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Denying in Pan and Reserving in Part on 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's 
Motion for Protective Order and in Limine of 
Unrelated Settlements 
Page 2 
aggregate number of claims settled by Epstein in the two years preceding and subsequent to the 
filing of the initial Complaint, as well as the related aggregated settlement amounts thereto. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
rida this day 
of March, 2018. 
THE HONORABL 
W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT J 
GE 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale. Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola. Barnhart & Shipley. 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm 
FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley I Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach... 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
• 
. _ 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Laud r 
FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
3301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00807060
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Denying in Part and Reserving in Part on 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's 
Motion for Protective Order and in Limine of 
Unrelated Settlements 
Page 3 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Paul Cassell 
Atterbury. Goldberger & Weiss, 
. 
383 S. University 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
casselln@law.utah.edu 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for., 
E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Co-Counsel for Plaintirounter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel fore.. E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00807061

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807062.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:04-cv-04046-RJS Document 185 Filed 05/09/14 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
ENZO BIOCHEM, INC., et aL, 
Plaintiffs, 
-v-
MOLECULAR PROBES, INC., 
Defendant. 
ENZO BIOCHEM, MC., et al., 
Plaintiffs, 
-v-
PERKINELMER, MC., et al., 
Defendants. 
ROCHE D1AGONOSTICS GMBH, et at, 
Plaintiffs, 
-v-
ENZO BIOCHEM, INC., et al., 
Defendants. 
USDS SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC #: 
DATE FILED: S79/ /4 
No. 03 Civ. 3816 (RJS) 
MEMORANDUM AND ORDER 
No. 03 Civ. 3817 (RJS) 
MEMORANDUM AND ORDER 
No. 04 Civ. 4046 (RJS) 
MEMORANDUM AND ORDER 
RICHARD J. SULLIVAN, District Judge: 
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT Greenberg Traurig's motions to withdraw as counsel 
of record for Enzo Biochem, Inc. and Enzo Life Sciences. Inc. (collectively, "Enzo") are 
GRANTED for the reasons set forth in a sealed Order dated May 9, 2014. IT IS FURTHER 
EFTA00807062
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:04-cv-04046-RJS Document 185 Filed 05/09/14 Page 2 of 2 
ORDERED THAT Greenberg Traurig's withdrawal as counsel of record does not affect its 
possession of a charging lien, the monetary value of which will be determined at a later date. 
Given the presumption in favor of open records applicable to court documents as articulated in 
Lugosch v. Pyramid Co. of Onondaga, 435 F.3d 110 (2d Cir. 2006), a redacted version of the 
May 9, 2014 Order currently under seal will be publicly docketed in due course. 
To minimize the prejudice to the opposing parties in the remaining Enzo matters (No. 03 
Civ. 3816, Enzo Biochem, Inc., a at v. Molecular Probes. Inc. ("MP!"), No. 03 Civ. 3817, Enzo 
Biochem, Inc., a al. v. PerkinElmer, Inc., a at ("PerkinElmer"), No. 04 Civ. 4046, Roche 
Diagnostics GMBH, a at v. Enzo Biochem. Inc., a at ("Roche")), the Court intends to proceed 
with these cases without unnecessary delay. Accordingly, IT IS FURTHER ORDERED THAT 
these cases shall be stayed for thirty days in order for Enzo to retain new counsel. After Enzo's 
new counsel has entered an appearance, the Court will set a schedule for the Roche and MP/ 
matters. Trial in the PerkinElmer matter will commence on June 30, 2014. 
SO ORDERED. 
DATED: 
May 9, 2014 
New York, New York 
RIC1 
D J. SULLIVAN 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
EFTA00807063

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807064.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually. 
Defendant(s). 
ORDER ON JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR A SPECIALLY-SET 
HEARING ON MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT 
THIS CAUSE having come to be considered upon JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR 
A SPECIALLY-SET HEARING ON MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT, and the Court 
having reviewed the file and being fully advised in the premises, it is hereby, 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED AS FOLLOWS: 
The hearing on Jeffrey Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgment [filed 6.30.17) will be 
otaiy WtSetosda 
.44•4-.) r • IL-424. ./ chwi7catnia„ cag ent Kt_ 
held en-the 7s—  day of 
, 20 7 at 
:OD 
/ 
.44, 4.0/ At  44.0.4.0,31, 
eat 4,444c4,44ce..in 
xasto•=61-e(47eff.deb-:- 
1) The JA eannottaneel this hearing unless the sue is resolved; 
2) No add-ons are permitted; 
3) Any Memorandums submitted are limited to 10 double-spaced pages; 
EFTA00807064
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Setting Hearing on Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgment 
4) Any materials submitted arc due at least 7 days prior to the hearing; and 5) The 
moving party is required to bring to the hearing a blank proposed Order with copies and 
envelopes. 
DONE AND ORDERED at West Palm Beach. Palm Beach County. 
orida, this  6 
day of 
. , 2017. 
ONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT JUDGE 
Copies have been furnished to all counsel on the attached counsel list. 
EFTA00807065
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Setting Hearing on Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgmcni 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack S rob 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley PA 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
eys or Bradley J. Edwards 
Wil la' Chc ter rewer Es uir 
250 S Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Pal 
3401 
ttomeys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack . Goldber zcr Es uire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue 5, Suite 1400 
West Palm 
3401 
norneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
staff.efile@pathtojustice.eom 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fred 1-laddad, Es
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
EFTA00807066
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXX M BAG 
Order Setting Hearing on Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgment 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Ton'a Iladdad Coleman. Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
• 
Attorneys for e rey pstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Es uire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00807067

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807068.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
ORDER ON PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
REVISED OMNIBUS MOTION IN LIMINE 
SECTION C (DEROGATORY ADJECTIVES) 
THIS MATTER came before the Court for hearing on November 29, 2017 (11/29/17 Tr. 
143:19-159:24) and December 5, 2017 (12/5/17 Tr. 202:11-203:3), upon Section C (Derogatory 
Adjectives) of the Revised Omnibus Motion in Limine filed by Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") [D.E. 1070]. The Court, having reviewed the Motion and the Response 
filed by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards") [D.E. 1089], having heard 
argument of counsel, and being otherwise fully advised in the premises, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that: 
1. 
The Motion is GRANTED as to the use of derogatory adjectives. At trial, Edwards 
shall refrain from using any derogatory adjectives when referring to or referencing Jeffrey Epstein, 
including referring to him as a "billionaire pedophile" or "convicted child molester." The parties 
are further ordered to refrain from making any pejorative comments at trial. 
EFTA00807068
--- PAGE 2 ---
2. 
The Motion is DENIED as to the June 30, 2008, written Plea entered by Jeffrey 
Epstein, a copy of which was presented to the Court and filed by Epstein on December 6, 2017. 
[D.E. 1107, Ex. B.] The Court finds that the written Plea is admissible and may be admitted into 
evidence at trial. 
3. 
The Court defers ruling on the admissibility and use of Epstein's sex offender 
registration for purposes of showing assets for the punitive damages phase, if any. The parties are 
directed to fully brief that issue and set the matter for hearing. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
day of January, 2018. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
Copies provided to: 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel Jar Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for De., endant/Counter-Plaintiff' 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00807069
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Scott J. Link 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
Angela M. Many 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Trial Counsellor PlaintyfiCounter-Delindant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807070

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807071.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS and ST. JOHN 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC, and LSJE, LLC, 
CIVIL NO. ST-2019-CV-057 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
PROSOLAR SYSTEMS, LLC, 
Defendant. 
COMPLAINT 
FOR 
BREACH 
OF 
CONTRACT & FRAUD 
ORDER 
THIS MATTER, having come before the Court on the submission of the Parties' 
Planning Meeting Report and the Court having been advised in its premises, it is; 
ORDERED that the discovery plan as set forth in the Parties' Planning Meeting Report 
is APPROVED; it is further 
ORDERED that the parties adhere to the following deadlines in this matter. 
Pre-Discovery Disclosures: 
The parties will exchange by April 30, 2019, the information required by V.I. 
R. Civ. P. 26(a)(1). 
Discovery Plan: 
The parties jointly propose to the court the following discovery plan: 
Discovery will be needed on the following subjects: 
- 
factual bases of the allegations stated in the complaint; 
- the extent of the damages claimed by the plaintiff; and 
- the defenses asserted by the defendants. 
A. 
Written discovery: 
All written discovery shall be propounded by May 15, 2019, and 
responded to by June 15, 2019. 
B. 
Fact witness depositions: 
All fact witness depositions shall be completed by October 30, 2019. 
EFTA00807071
--- PAGE 2 ---
Order 
Page 2 
Maximum number of depositions as provided by V.I. R. Civ. P. 30 
(a)(2)(A)• 
Duration of depositions as provided by V.I. R. Civ. P. 30(d)(1). 
C. 
Expert discovery 
Reports from retained experts under Rule 26(a)(2) due: 
- from plaintiff by January 15, 2020; 
- from defendants by March 15, 2020. 
Expert witness depositions shall be completed by July 1, 2020. 
Other Items: 
Mediation shall be scheduled prior to January 1, 2020. 
A post-mediation status conference shall be set for 
, 2019 at 
a.m./p.m. 
Settlement can be evaluated at any time during the pendency of the action. 
Final lists of witnesses and exhibits shall be provided as directed by the Court. 
The case should be ready for trial on a date set by the court at the final pretrial 
conference. 
ORDERED that a copy of this Parties Planning Meeting Report shall be directed to 
all counsel of record. 
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 
ATTEST: 
ESTRELLA H. GEORGE 
Clerk of the Court 
By: 
Deputy Clerk 
DISTRIBUTION LIST 
Christopher Allen ICroblin, Esq. 
Douglas L. Capdeville, Esq. 
EFTA00807072

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807073.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 941 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/28/2017 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 09-60331-CR-COHN-SELTZER 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
v. 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
/ 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on the Government's Unopposed Motion to 
Unseal Documents. DE 939. The Court has carefully reviewed the Motion and is 
otherwise advised in the premises. Accordingly, it is 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the Government's Unopposed Motion to 
Unseal Documents [DE 939] is GRANTED. Docket Entries 73, 74, 75, and 76 in this 
case are hereby ordered UNSEALED, and the Clerk of the Court is directed to place 
them in the public record in this case. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, 
Florida, this 27th day of September, 2017. 
ES I. COHN 
d States District Judge 
Copies provided to counsel of record via CM/ECF. 
EFTA00807073

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807074.pdf
----------------------------------------
APRIL 2018 
MU 
Origins 
Project 
Arizona State University 
January 13, 2018 
Dr. Daniel Kahneman 
Woodrow Wilson School 
Princeton University 
301 Robertson Hall 
Princeton, NJ 08544-1013 
Dear Dr. Kahneman, 
ORIGINS 10 YEAR 
ORICINS10YEAR.COM 
It is my great pleasure to invite you to be a part of the Origins Project 10 Year Anniversary 
Celebrations from April 5-9, 2018 in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona. This will entail a series of 
extraordinary events to kick off our tenth year and bring together over 150 outstanding individuals, 
assembled from past Origins participants and new partners from among the world's most eminent 
scholars, artists, and public intellectuals. 
Since its groundbreaking inaugural symposium in 2009, the Origins Project has successfully 
created unique opportunities to explore foundational questions and address major challenges of 
the 21s' century in ways that excite researchers and the public alike. Our workshops bring 
together transdisciplinary collections of scholars and have helped establish major new research 
programs around the world. Our public events reach hundreds of thousands worldwide via live 
streaming and archived high-quality videos available online. Audiences of over 2,000 people 
come from all over the world to attend our events in person, helping foster public appreciation of 
science and culture, locally, nationally, and internationally. In addition to our various programs and 
events, we also support young scholars engaged in Origins-related research programs, through 
scholarships and awards. 
Continuing the Origins Project tradition of public engagement, collaboration, and discovery, the 10 
Year Anniversary will be an intellectual extravaganza of public and private events, including our 
signature Origins Dialogues, Great Debates, and panel discussions. Our diverse panel 
discussions will cover forefront issues of great scientific and cultural importance, including topics 
as diverse as the Frontiers of Physics, the Origins of Life, the Future of Democracy, and the 
Origins of Religion, as well as panels for and by journalists about science, and panels for the 
public such as the Storytelling of Science. 
Attached for your perusal is a preliminary list of individuals invited to participate in the 
celebrations, as well as a provisional list of panel subjects. We welcome your input on potential 
additional participants who might add particular value to the events. Please note that all 
participants will play an active role in the discussions associated with the various panels, the 
specific makeup of which will be determined over the coming months. 
As is our custom, all panel discussions may be webcast or filmed for the benefit of the public, and 
their content selectively curated for our Origins Education Portal (httos://origins.asu.edu/origins-
portal), which allows the public access to the new knowledge advanced by our discussions. 
As a participant, all travel and accommodation expenses associated with the participation of you 
and a guest for the Origins 10 Year Anniversary will be covered by the Origins Project. You and 
Po Box 871902. Tempe, AZ 85287-1902 I 480.965.0053 I origins.asu.edu 
EFTA00807074
--- PAGE 2 ---
APRIL 2018 
Origins 
Project 
Arizona State University 
ORIGINS 10 YEAR 
ORICINS10YEAR.COM 
your guest will stay at the iconic Boulders Resort & Spa (http://www.theboulders.com/) in 
Scottsdale, Arizona for the duration of the events, which will take place throughout the Phoenix, 
Tempe, and Scottsdale areas. Transportation to and from the various events will be provided as 
well. 
You may learn more about the Origins Project at ASU at https://oriqins.asu.edu/. I also encourage 
you to visit the Origins 10 Year Anniversary website, https://www.oriqins10year.com/, where 
specific event information will be available in the coming months. 
Please respond to this invitation by Tuesday, January 23, 2018 by replying all to the email to 
which it was attached, or by contacting Program Manager Alyssa Roby at 
Once we have received a confirmation of your participation, the Origins P 
touch regarding travel arrangements and other important details. 
As you consider your availability, those arriving on Friday and departing on Sunday will still find 
themselves able to attend most of the events. Attendance for a shorter period is also possible if 
your schedule requires this. My staff and I are available to answer any questions you may have 
pertaining to scheduling and special arrangements. 
The Origins Project 10 Year Anniversary will be a celebration of all that the Origins Project has 
accomplished during the past decade, with an eye toward the future. I very much look forward to 
your participation, and hope you will be able to share in the excitement of this unique event as 
well as the breathtaking natural beauty and excellent company that will be abundant throughout 
this celebration of science and discovery. Our inaugural event in April 2009 was felt by many to be 
one of the most exciting conferences they had attended, and we are hoping our 10 Year 
Anniversary event will exceed even that experience. 
Sincerely, 
Lawrence Krauss 
Director, The Origins Project at ASU 
PO Box 871902. Tempe, AZ 85287-1902 I 480.965.0053 I origins.asu.edu 
EFTA00807075

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807076.pdf
----------------------------------------
Agi Origins 
Project 
Arizona State University 
Diane Ackerman 
Kate Adamala 
Joe Alcock 
Alan Alda 
Zeray Alemseged 
Sidney Altman 
Margaret Atwood 
Shara Bailey 
David Baltimore 
Barry Barish 
Marcia Bartusiak 
Eben Bayer 
Sharon Begley 
Teresa Bejan 
Steven Benner 
Jeremy Berg 
Jackie Bezos 
Jeff Bezos 
Mike Bezos 
Simon Blackburn 
Donna Blackmond 
Sarah Blaffer Hrdy 
Roger Blandford 
Martin Blaser 
Charles Blow 
Dick Bond 
Wallace Broecker 
Rachel Bronson 
Roger Buick 
David Buss 
Blas Cabrera 
John Carlstrom 
Sean B. Carroll 
Susana Carvalho 
Davide Castelvecchi 
Irene Chen 
Erica Chenoweth 
Noam Chomsky 
Gail Collins 
James Crutchfield 
Richard Dawkins 
Frans de Waal 
Neil deGrasse Tyson 
Antonio Demasio 
Johnny Depp 
Jared Diamond 
YEAR ANNIVERSARY INVITEES 
origins l0year.com 
Cameron Diaz 
Mariette DiChristina 
Savas Dimopoulos 
Bob Dylan 
Freeman Dyson 
Bart Ehrman 
Doug Erwin 
Albert Fahrenbach 
Jennifer Finney Boylan 
Kathleen Fisher 
Ira Flatow 
Walter Fontana 
Al Franken 
Wendy Freedman 
Carlos Frenk 
Stephen Fry 
Detlev Ganten 
Alex Garland 
Robert Gatenby 
Fabiola Gianotti 
Walter Gilbert 
Sheldon Glashow 
Jane Goodall 
Stephen Greenblatt 
Brian Greene 
Joshua D. Greene 
David Gross 
John Grunsfeld 
Alan Guth 
Jonathan Haidt 
Thomas Hansen 
Sonia Harmand 
Lucy Hawking 
Christine Hayes 
Daniela Hernandez 
Werner Herzog 
Hopi Hoekstra 
John Holdren 
Rush Holt 
Eric Horvitz 
Nick Hud 
Eric Idle 
Thomas Insel 
Walter Isaacson 
Joshua Jay 
Penn Jillette 
Owen Jones 
Daniel Kahneman 
Eric Kandel 
Ralph Keeling 
Robert Kirshner 
Edward Kolb 
Diana Kormos-Buchwald 
David Krakauer 
Jens Krause 
Paul Krugman 
Neal Lane 
Jason Latimer 
Antonio Lazcano 
Lawrence Lessig 
Margaret Levi 
Janna Levin 
Mark Lilla 
Andrei Linde 
John Mather 
Brian May 
Cormac McCarthy 
Paul McCartney 
Ian McEwan 
Chris McKay 
John Mecklin 
Jack Miles 
Yuri Milner 
Mario Molina 
Nancy Moran 
Elon Musk 
Jahm Najaf' 
Barbara Natterson-
Horowitz 
William Nordhaus 
Bill Nye 
Karin Oberg 
Gerry Ohrstrom 
Sally Otto 
Dennis Overbye 
Svante Paabo 
James Peebles 
Ray Pierrehumbert 
Steven Pinker 
Matt Powner 
John Preskill 
Nicholas Pritzker 
PO Box 871902. Tempe. AZ 85287-1902 I 480.965.0053 i origins.asu.edu 
EFTA00807076
--- PAGE 2 ---
MI Origins 
Project 
YEAR ANNIVERSARY INVITEES 
Arizona State University 
Bill Pullman 
David Queller 
Andrew Read 
Martin Rees 
Adam Riess 
Andres Roemer 
Jonathan Rothberg 
Stuart Russell 
Jeffrey Sachs 
Dimitar Sasselov 
Rebecca Saxe 
Joshua Schiffman 
Daniel Schrag 
Sara Seager 
Terrence Sejnowski 
Jeff Severinghaus 
Michael Shermer 
Neil Shubin 
Mary Smart 
Eric Smith 
Nate Soares 
Susan Solomon 
Richard Somerville 
Steven Spielberg 
Maria Spiropulu 
Kim Stanley Robinson 
Neal Stephenson 
Joan Strassman 
Raman Sundrum 
Lenny Susskind 
Jamy Ian Swiss 
Jack Szostak 
Jaan Tallinn 
Ian Tattersall 
Carol Tavris 
Amalio Telenti 
Jessica Thompson 
Lynn Vavreck 
J. Craig Venter 
Alexander Vilenkin 
Gunter Wagner 
Steven Weinberg 
Frank Wilczek 
E.O. Wilson 
Ed Witten 
Richard Wrangham 
Ed Yong 
Rob Zeps 
Carl Zimmer 
Mark Zuckerberg 
Marlene Zuk 
This list is not comprehensive 
and is subject to change. 
Lost revised January 11, 2018. 
PO Box 871902. Tempe. AZ 85287-1902 I 480.965.0053 I origins.asu.edu 
EFTA00807077

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807078.pdf
----------------------------------------
On 
2018, FS § 
was amended to reduce the number of days stayed at a location to 
qualify it as a temporary or permanent residence under Florida's Sex Offender Registration 
Laws. When the law became effective on 
2018, it reduced the number of days from 
to 3, so that a sex offender who stayed at a location for 3 days or more established it as either 
a temporary or permanent residence and would have to register it as such with Florida's sex 
offender registry. However, as the Florida Department of Law Enforcement (the "FDLE") has 
recently clarified, this change does not apply to sex offenders who have already registered their 
temporary or permanent residences with Florida's sex offender registry. Specifically, the FDLE 
announced that the new 3-day rule does not apply to Mr. Epstein, who had already registered 
his Palm Beach property as a temporary residence. 
Contrary to the FDLE's clarification of how the new 3-day rule should be applied, the Palm 
Beach County Sheriff's Office (the "PBSO") recently advised Mr. Epstein of its view that every 
stay Mr. Epstein makes at his Palm Beach property of 3 days or more will transform that 
property, already registered as a temporary residence, into a permanent residence, and will 
require him to re-register in person with the PBSO to declare that residence as his permanent 
residence. When that stay is completed, Mr. Epstein must then again report in person to advise 
of his intent to establish a new permanent residence of 3 days or more outside of Florida, 
including when he returns to his actual permanent residence in the U.S. Virgin Islands, which 
has been on file with the Florida Sex Offender Registry as Mr. Epstein's permanent residence 
since July 2010. Mr. Epstein desires to cooperate fully with the Florida authorities in complying 
with his obligations under Florida's Sex Offender Registration laws, as amended, and to that 
end seeks confirmation from FDLE of its position regarding the application of the new 3-day 
rule to Mr. Epstein's stays at his temporary residence in Palm Beach, Florida. 
Since June 2008 Jeffrey E. Epstein has been registered as a sex offender in the State of Florida. 
At the time that he successfully completed his sentence in July 2010, before departing for his 
permanent residence in the U.S. Virgin Islands, Mr. Epstein registered that permanent 
residence with the PBSO, and registered his Palm Beach property as a temporary residence in 
which he would stay when subsequently visiting Florida during his travels away from his 
permanent residence in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Mr. Epstein fully reported to the PBSO all of the 
information required by the registration law, and has updated that information as and when 
required under the Florida Statutes. 
At the time Mr. Epstein reported the establishment of the U.S. Virgin Islands as his permanent 
residence and his Palm Beach property as a temporary residence, in order to make absolutely 
certain that he fully complied with the letter and spirit of Florida's registration law, Mr. Epstein 
and his representatives sought specific advice from the PBSO regarding the reporting 
requirements in connection with trips to his then established temporary residence in Palm 
Beach, Florida. The specific and detailed advice received form the PBSO, which was and 
remains consistent with the spirit and letter Florida's registration and reporting law, as recently 
confirmed by the FDLE, was that so long as the U.S. Virgin Islands remained Mr. Epstein's 
permanent residence, as it does to this day, Mr. Epstein's vacation home in Palm Beach would 
remain as registered in Florida as a temporary residence, and all travel reporting, whether 
EFTA00807078
--- PAGE 2 ---
domestic or international, is to be made through the registry office of Mr. Epstein's permanent 
residence, the Department of Justice in the U.S. Virgin Islands, which is to notify all other 
jurisdictions of such travel. As an additional backstop measure, the PBSO asked Mr. Epstein to 
email the PBSO when he arrived in Palm Beach for stays of 5 days or more, and Mr. Epstein has 
strictly complied with this request in every such instance. 
The PBSO's initial direction is well founded under Florida law, Federal law and the laws of the 
U.S. Virgin Islands. Florida Statutes §775.21(n) confirms that Florida will not recognize more 
than one permanent residence at one time. It expressly excludes a "permanent residence" 
from the definition of temporary residence and expressly contemplates a permanent resident 
of another state establishing temporary residence in Florida with stays of any duration for 
employment, study or vocational purposes. The new 3-day rule did not change this. 
Once the offender registers his permanent residence in a jurisdiction, then that jurisdiction 
assumes the reporting obligations to other jurisdictions. The Federal Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification Act ("SORNA"), in 34 U.S.C. §20923(b), expressly requires this of each 
jurisdiction. Florida complies with this requirement, for example, under Florida Statutes 
943.0435(7), which provides that when a registered offender notifies Florida of his intention to 
establish a permanent residence in a jurisdiction outside of Florida, Florida must notify that 
jurisdiction. The U.S. Virgin Islands complies pursuant to 14 V.I.C. §1726(d) by requiring the 
Virgin Islands Attorney General to notify the other jurisdictions whenever a permanent resident 
updates his registration in accordance with §1724, including updates with respect to any 
domestic and international travel by that permanent resident. Indeed, in its official determination 
that the U.S. Virgin Islands substantially complies with SORNA, the Office of Sex Offender 
Sentencing, Monitoring, Apprehending, Registering and Tracking of the U.S. Department of 
Justice (the "SMART Office") determined years ago that the U.S. Virgin Islands meets all of 
SORNA's requirements concerning interjurisdictional reporting regarding, among other things, 
changes and updates to registration information, residence changes and travel information. 
The novel interpretation recently advanced by the PBSO as a result of the new 3-day rule will 
result in the unintended creation of multiple "permanent residences" in multiple jurisdictions at 
the same time, particularly for registered offenders, like Mr. Epstein, who travel frequently for 
stays of 3 days or more to multiple jurisdictions. This expansive interpretation would create 
duplicative travel reporting and tracking demands on multiple jurisdictions with respect to the 
same itinerary by the same offender, as well as a significant potential for confusion among the 
multiple jurisdictions regarding accountability for tracking and reporting of multi jurisdictional 
travel of registered offenders. By interpreting Florida law to recognize only a single permanent 
residence and multiple temporary residences, and to trigger registration reporting only once to 
"establish" each such residence until such residence is abandoned, the law maintains primary 
travel reporting and verification responsibility with one jurisdiction, the jurisdiction where the 
offender actually resides, avoids duplicative expenditure of resources and limits confusion 
among multiple jurisdictions regarding which jurisdiction is ultimately responsible for travel 
reporting and tracking. 
EFTA00807079
--- PAGE 3 ---
For the past 9 years Mr. Epstein has diligently, faithfully and strictly complied with his 
registration and reporting obligations in both the jurisdiction of his permanent residence, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, and that of his temporary residence in Florida. Every single departure, 
arrival and trip, and every single modification of the same has been timely reported to 
Department of Justice of the U.S. Virgin Islands strictly in accordance with the requirements of 
the U.S. Virgin Islands registration law and the Virgin Islands Department of Justice, such that in 
the 9 years since Mr. Epstein established his permanent residence in the USVI, there has never 
been a single occasion where the U.S. Virgin Island authorities were not fully and timely advised 
of Mr. Epstein's location, whether in the United States or internationally. Moreover, Mr. 
Epstein has zealously complied with his Virgin Islands requirements to renew his photograph 
and registration in person annually and to timely update any additions to or deletions from his 
registration information, which in turn Virgin Islands law requires the Virgin Islands Attorney 
General to report to the other jurisdictions. 
As it relates to his Florida registration, until the reduction of the residence trigger from 5 days 
to 3 days recently went into effect in Florida, Mr. Epstein diligently notified the PBSO by email 
when he arrived in Palm Beach for stays at his temporary residence of 5 days or more. 
Moreover, even though he was only required to renew his registration in January and July if he 
happened to be in Florida at any time during those months, Mr. Epstein has made it a point to 
spend at least a couple of days at his temporary residence during those months so that, in 
addition to renewing his U.S. Virgin Islands registration annually and keeping it current with 
timely updates to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Mr. Epstein is renewing and updating his registration 
in Florida twice annually. 
Although the changes in Florida's registration law shorten the residence trigger from 5 days to 3 
days, there does not appear to have been any substantive change in the law to require different 
reporting procedures by Mr. Epstein from those specifically articulated by the PBSO years ago, 
consistent with Florida law, as recently confirmed by FDLE. Nevertheless, in an abundance of 
caution and in his desire to ensure that he cooperates fully with the FDLE and the PBSO in 
connection with his sex offender registration in Florida, Mr. Epstein seeks confirmation from 
the FDLE that so long has he maintains his permanent residence in the U.S. Virgin Islands, his 
vacation home in Palm Beach, Florida will remain a temporary residence. Inasmuch as the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, as the jurisdiction of Mr. Epstein's permanent residence, has primary 
responsibility for interjurisdictional and international travel reporting, an obligation with which 
the SMART Office has confirmed that the U.S. Virgin Islands complies, and Mr. Epstein's Florida 
vacation home is already registered in Florida as a temporary residence, visits by Mr. Epstein to 
that temporary residence of 3 days or more do not trigger any new in person reporting 
obligation under Florida law, and email reporting of such stays by Mr. Epstein to the PBSO to 
ensure PBSO awareness of his arrivals continues to be acceptable compliance with both the 
letter and the spirt of the Florida registration law. 
EFTA00807080
--- PAGE 4 ---
We sincerely appreciate your consideration of this request and would be grateful for your 
confirmation, so that Mr. Epstein can continue his steadfast compliance with Florida sex 
offender registration law in the same manner he has done so for the past nine years with the 
exception of emailing PBSO regarding any stays of 3 days or more at his temporary residence in 
Palm Beach. 
EFTA00807081

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807082.pdf
----------------------------------------
651113 
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
2013 
For calendar year 2013. a tax 
Final K-1 
Amended K-1 
OMB No. 1545-0099 
Pad III Partner's Share of Current Year Income, 
Department of the Treasury 
year beginning 
Deductions, Credits, and Other Items 
Internal Revenue Service 
endne 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
Credits 
Partner's Share of Income, 
Credits, etc. 
Deductions, 
It. See separate Instructions. 
—1,930. 
79. 
Net rental real estate income Ooss) 
Foreign transactions 
Part I 
Information About the Partnership 
Other net rental income (loss) 
A Partnership's employer identification number 
45-2206962
Guaranteed payments 
B Partnership's name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
372 OUTSMART EXT II LP 
500 BOYLSTON STREET, SUITE 440 
BOSTON, MA 02116 
Interest income 
52. 
6a Ordinary dividends 
I 
Alternative 
A 
min tax (RIOT) items 
—2. 
6b Qualified dividends 
C IRS Center where partnership filed return
E —FILE 
Royalties 
I 
D 0 
Check if this is a publicly traded partnership (PIP) 
Tax-exempt 
nondeductible 
C* 
income and 
expenses 
4. 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
I 
Part II 
Information About the Partner 
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
E Partner's identifying number 
034-26-3468
9b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
Distributions 
F Partner's name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
AVRAM NOAM CHOMSRY 
9c Unrecaptured sec 1250 gain 
Other information 
52. 
Net section 1231 gain (kiss) 
'A 
B 
20. 
il Other income (loss) 
Ci 
General partner or LLC 
Limited partner or other LLC 
member-manager 
H Ir Domestic partner 
What type of entity is this partner? INDIVIDUAL 
member 
I 
C 
Foreign partner 
Section 179 deduction 
If this partner is a retirement plan (IRIVSENKeoghfetc.), 
J Partner's share of profit, loss, and capitat 
Beginning 
Profit 
3.7076271% 
check here  
U 
Ending 
3.7076271% 
Other deductions 
K*1 
20. 
loss 
3.7076271% 
3.7076271% 
Capital 
3.7076271% 
3.7076271% 14 Self-employment 
A 
earnings (lossi 
. 
K Partner's share of liabilities at year end: 
Nonrecourse  
OuaMied nonrecourse financing  
Recourse  
$ 
$ 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
$ 
. 
2-,8 
g 
LL
L Partner's capital account analysis: 
Beginning capital account  
Capital contributed during the year 
Current year increase (decrease) 
Withdrawals & distributions  
Ending capital account  
$ 
2,351 . 
$ 
$ 
—1,902. 
$( 
) 
$ 
449. 
Section 704(b) book 
gain or loss? 
Tax basis 
C 
GAAP 
Other (explain) 
M Did the partner contribute property with a built-in 
Yes 
El No 
If -Yes*, attach statement (see instructions) 
12-03-13 LHA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions for Form 1065. 
IRS.govfiorm1065 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 201 
EFTA00807082
--- PAGE 2 ---
372 OUTSMART EXT II LP 
45-2206962 
SCHEDULE K-1 
PORTFOLIO DEDUCTIONS 
SUBJECT TO THE 2% FLOOR BOX 13, CODE K 
DESCRIPTION 
PARTNER FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
AMOUNT 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
20. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, BOX 13, CODE K 
20. 
SCHEDULE K-1 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES, BOX 18, CODE C 
DESCRIPTION 
PARTNER FILING INSTRUCTIONS 
AMOUNT 
NONDEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES - 
SEE IRS SCH. K-1 INSTRUCTIONS 
PASSTHROUGH 
4. 
TOTAL TO SCHEDULE K-1, BOX 18, CODE C 
4. 
PARTNER NUMBER 10 
EFTA00807083
--- PAGE 3 ---
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2013 
Page 2 
This Ilst Identifiesthe codes used on Schedule K-1 for all partners and provides summarized reporting information for partners who file 
Form 1040. For detailed reporting and filing information, see the separate Partners Instructions for Schedule K-1 and the instructions 
for your income tax return. 
1. Ordinary business sesame (loss). Deanne whether the :Fame (lose) ts 
passive or nonpassive and enter on your ream as talon 
Passiveloss 
Passive Atone 
NOnpaSSive Ices 
Nonpassive Income 
2, Not rental real estate inaneRoss) 
3. Other net rental income (loss) 
Net income 
Nailed 
4. Guaranteed Pannonia 
5. Interest Income 
ea. Ordinary dividends 
6b. °alined addend, 
7. Royalties 
8. Nei Short-term capital gain trots) 
9e. Nel longterm capital gab (l044) 
9b. Collectibles (2894I gain pomp 
9c. Unrecaplwed section 1250 gain 
10. Net section t231 gain (loss) 
11. Other tricorn° Rosa/ 
Code 
A 
Other neaten° income Ilan) 
• 
Involurday conensians 
C Sec. 1256 contracts& straddles 
o Minnlendration costs recapture 
E 
Cancelatren of debt 
F 
Other Income (IOW 
12. 
Section 179 deduction 
13. Otrin deductions 
A 
Cash contributions (5016) 
Cash contribution (30%) 
C Noncash contributions 00%) 
O Noncash contributions (3M) 
E 
Cadiz' gain Protein to a 50% 
organization (3096) 
F 
Capital gain property (20%) 
• 
Centrieutions (100%) 
• 
Investment inbred exPenile 
I 
Deductions - royalty inflame 
J Section 59(02) expenditures 
K Deductions - POrelono (2% Ilea) 
I. Deductions - sadder (00w) 
M Amounts paid la medics materna 
N E04cotional assistance benefits 
O Dependent care benefits 
P PreProductIve period expenses 
O Crirriernal revitalization deduction 
horn rental real estate activities 
R Pensioner and IRAS 
S Ada estanan expense deduction 
T 
Domestic production activities 
intone/dial 
U Ouellied prediction activities Income 
 Employers Form W.2 wages 
W Other deductions 
Report on 
See the Partner's Instwabrea 
Schedtde E. line 28. column (g) 
Schedule E. lino 28. column 0) 
Schedule E. ling 28. column ((I 
See the Partner's InstructiOna 
Schedule C line 28. column (g) 
See the Partner's Instruct/One 
Schedule E. ling 28. column (fl 
Farm 1040. line ea 
Farm 1040. line So
Form 1040. line fib 
Schedule E. lined 
Schedule D. line S 
Schedule D. line 12 
2814 Rale Gan Wakened. Fe 4 
(Schedule D Instructional 
See the Partner's Instruct/One 
See the Partner's Instnicinns 
See the Partners Instructions 
See the Partner's Instrucinns 
Form 6781. lino I 
See Pub. 535 
Farm 1040. line 21 a Fern 982 
See the Partner's Instruct/OM 
See the Partner's Instructrons 
I
See the Pain's Instrucinns 
Form 4952. line 1 
Schedule E. lino 19 
See the Partners InstructrOna 
Schedule A. Fe 23 
ScheduleA. ,e  28 
Schedule A. Ina 1 a Form 1040. line 29 
See the Partners Instructions 
Farn 2441. line 12 
See the Partner's Instructors 
See Form 8582 haucbons 
See the Partner's Inattention. 
See the Partner's Instructions 
See Form 8903 Mahican:a 
Fain 8903. line lb 
Form 8903. line I7 
See the Partner's Instruction* 
14. SeRempleyment earnings (loss) 
Note. it you have a section 179 deduction a any partner-level deductions. Fe 
the Partners Instructions beforecarotenes Schedule SE. 
A Net earnings (loss) ken 
siderryloyment 
B Gross (arming or %lad ncome 
C Gross non.farm income 
15. credit* 
A Low-insane housing credit 
(section 42aX5N ROM pre-2008 
buildings 
Lowincome housing credit 
{other) from pre-2008 buldings 
C Low.incerne housing credit Weans 
'IRON from post-2007 balding, 
O Low income housing credit (other) 
from pad-2007 bulking* 
E °toiled renabililaticn expenditures 
Venial real estate) 
F 
Other rental real estate credits 
G Other rental credits 
• 
Undistributed cannel Oahe Cleat 
Bioko' producer credit 
J Walt opportunity credit 
K Disabled aeons credit 
Schedule SE. Section A of B 
See the Partner's Instructions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
See the Partner's Instrucinns 
Form 1040. line 71; check box a 
} 
See the Partners inetnrabilli 
Code 
L 
Empowerment zone 
endayment wade 
M Credit kr incoming research 
activities 
N Credit for employer social 
securiry and Medicare taxes 
O Backup withholdng 
P Other credits 
Foreign transactions 
A Name of country a U.S. 
POSSessbon 
B Gross income from all sources 
C Gross incase sourced al partner 
level 
Foreign gran income sourced al partnership level 
D Passive category 
E 
Genera category 
Fenn 1118, Pal 
F 
Other 
Deductions alocated end apportioned at partner level 
G Inbred expense 
Fenn 1118. Part I 
H Other 
Fpm 1116, Pen I 
Deductions allocated and appalioned at Panned* level 10 War SOune 
Income 
I 
Passive Categalf 
J 
General category 
K Caw 
Other intern titan 
L 
Total foreign taxes paid 
M Total foreign taxes accrued 
N Reduction n taxes available to credit 
O Foreign trading gross resents 
P ExIrdarilorial incase exclusion 
O Other foreign ',andante) 
Repot on 
I
See the Partner's Instructions 
I/. Alternative minimum tax (A/41) Nerve 
A Post-1986 depreciation adjustment 
B Adjusted gains loss 
C Depletion falba then oil & gas) 
D 08. gas. 8 geothermal - gross income 
E 01.608. 8 geothermal - deductions 
F 
Other AMT items 
18. Tax-exempt income arid nondeductible expenses 
A 
Tax.oxempl Interest Income 
• 
One lax-exempt income 
C Nondeductible expenses 
19. 
Distributions 
A Cash and marketable securities 
B Oistributron subject to section 737 
C Olhor PrOPern 
Other Intimation 
A Investment Income 
B Investment expenses 
C Fuel tax neat information 
D Qualified rehab:Malian expenditures 
(other than rental real estate) 
E Basis of energy property 
F 
Recapture ol low-income hound 
awn Realm 42(015e 
G Recapture ol low-income homing 
awn loner) 
H Recapture of investment coal 
I 
Recapture of other credits 
Look-back Interest -completed 
bng-term contracts 
I( Look-back interest - Income fOlOCOSt 
method 
I. Dispositions of property with 
section 179 deductions 
M Recapture of section 179 deduction 
N Interest expense for corporate partners 
O Section 453(0(3)irdormation 
P Section 4530(c)trdamallon 
O Section 1260tb)irdormation 
R Interest allocable to production 
expenditures 
S CCF nonquaklied withdrawals 
T 
Depletion Information - oil and gas 
 Arra:ell:anon of reforestation costs 
 
Unrelated business taxable insane 
W Precontrioution gain (bss) 
If Section 108(i) inlarraticn 
Y 
Nol investment income 
Z Other intonnation 
} 
Fern 1118. Part 1 
j
r Fpm 1115. Pert I 
Ram 116. Pal I 
Fern 1118. Part 
Fpm 1116. line 12 
Fenn 8873 
Ram 8873 
See the Partner's Instructions 
 See the Partner's 
Instructions and 
the Instructions for 
Ram 6251 
Fenn 1040. line 8b 
See the Partner's Instructions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
i
f See the Partner's Instructions 
Fpm 4962. an 4e 
Fenn 4952. Fe 5 
Rini 4136 
Seethe Partner's Instructions 
See the Partners Instructions 
Ram 8611. line 8 
For,, 8611. line 8 
Soo Form 4255 
See the Panne's Instructions 
See Form 8697 
See Fcrm 8856 
See the Partner's 
Instructions 
311262 
12-03-13 
EFTA00807084
--- PAGE 4 ---
lo 
MAINE 
SCHEDULE K-1 
EQUIVALENT 
Partner's Maine Information 
For Calendar Year 2013 or Fiscal Year 
Beginning 
, 2013; and Ending
2013 
Partners Name and Address 
AVRAM NORM CHOMSKY 
SUZANNE ROAD 
LEXINGTON, MA 02420 
Partners IDd: 
034-26-3468 
Type of entity: 
INDIVIDUAL 
State of residence: MA 
Profit 
3.7076271% 
Apportionment 
.0000% 
Partnership's Name and Address 
372 OUTSMART EXT II LP 
500 BOYLSTON STREET, SUITE 440 
BOSTON, MA 02116 
Partnership's Identifying Number: 
45-2206962 
Final K 1 
C 
Amended K-1 
(a) Distributive Share Items 
(o) 
Attributable 
Everywhere 
1.0 
Attributable 
Maine 
1. Ordinary income (loss) from trade or business activities  
2. Net income (loss) from rental real estate activities  
3. Net income (loss) from other rental activities  
4. Portfolio income (loss): 
a. Interest 
b. Dividends 
c. Royalties  
d. Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
e. Net long-term capital gain (loss)  
f. Other portfolio income (loss)  
5. Guaranteed payments to partners  
6. Net section 1231 gain (loss)  
7. Other income (loss)  
—1,930.00 
0.00 
52.00 
0.00 
8. Total income before adjustments  
—1,878.00 
0.00 
Subtractions from income: 
9. U.S. government bond interest  
10. Interest from Maine bonds  
11. Work opportunity credit and empowerment zone credk deduction  
12. Income not taxable under the constitution of Maine or the laws of the U.S.  
13. Income from ownership interest in pass-through entity financial institutions  
14. Fiduciary adjustment  
15. Charitable contributions  
16. Bonus depreciation recapture  
17. Section 179 expense  
18. Deductions related to pordotio income  
19. Investment interest  
20. Foreign taxes 
21. Section 59(eX2) expenditures  
22. Other subtractions  
20.00 
0.00 
Additions to income: 
23. Interest from state and municipal bonds  
24. Discharge of indebtedness deferred pursuant to IRC 108(i)  
25. Bonus depreciation  
26. Other additions  
27. Total adjustments 
—20.00 
28. Total income  
—1,898.00 
0.00 
29. Partners share of passthrough entity withholding  
555571 
05-01-15 
EFTA00807085
--- PAGE 5 ---
r 
2013 Schedu e 3K-I MA133K111019 
Partner's Massachusetts Information 
ye.betotliv 01012013 
(twirl  12312013 
034-26-3468 
2206962 
MA 02420 
MA 02116 
A. Type of entity X Individual resident 
Individual nonresident 
Trust or estate 
S corporation 
Corporation 
Partnership or other PTE 
IRA 
Disregarded entity 
Exempt org 
B. Type of partner X Limited 
General 
C. Type of form submission 
Final 
Amended 3K-1 
D. Was there a sale, transfer or liquidation of any part of this partnership interest during the tax year? 
Yes 
X No 
E. Did the partnership participate in one or more installment sales transactions? 
Yes 
X No 
If Yes, indicate whether information has been communicated to the partner to calculate an addition to Massachusetts tax under 
based on the following Internal Revenue Code (IRC) provisions (check all that apply) 
IRC 453A 
IRC 453(1)(2)(6) 
Partner's Distributive Share 
1. Massachusetts ordinary income or loss 
ch. 62C, sec. 32A 
-1918 
2. Guaranteed payments to partners (deductible and capitalized) 
3. Separately stated deductions 
4. Combine lines 1 through 3 
-1918 
5. Credits available 
a. Taxes due to another jurisdiction (full-year and part-year residents only) 
b. Lead Paint 
5b 
c. 
Economic Opportunity Area 
Economic Development Incentive Program 
5c 
d. Storm' ields 
5d 
e. Low-Income Housing 
5e 
f. Historic Rehabilitation 
5f 
g. Film Incentive 
5g 
h. Medical Device 
5h 
i. Employer Wellness Program 
5I 
F Refundable Film Credit 
5j 
k. Refundable Dairy Credit 
5k 
I. Refundable Conservation Tax Credit 
5I 
m. Total credits 
5m 
6. Net income or loss from rental real estate activity 
357821 
12-03-13 
L 
J 
03/21/2014 12:13:38 
EFTA00807086
--- PAGE 6 ---
Il 
2013 Schedu e 3K-1, pg. 2 
MA133K121019 
Partner's Massachusetts Information 
034-26-3468 
7. Net income or loss from other rental activity 
8. Interest from U.S. obligations 
9. Interest (5.25%) from Massachusetts banks 
10. Other interest and dividend income 
11. Non-Massachusetts state and municipal bond interest 
12. Royalty income 
13. Short-term capital gains 
14. Short-term capital losses 
15. Gain on the sale, exchange or involuntary conversion of property used in a trade or business held for one year or less 
16. Loss on the sale, exchange, or involuntary conversion of property used in a trade or business held for one year or less 
17. Long-term capital gain or loss 
18. Net gain or loss under Section 1231 
19. Long-term gains on colectibles and pre-1996 installment sales 
20. Differences and adjustments 
Corporate Partner Information 
21. State and municipal bond interest not included in U.S. net income 
22. Foreign, state or local income, franchise, excise or capital stock taxes deducted from U.S. net income 
23. Other adjustments, if any 
Reconciliation of Partner's Capital Account 
24. Balance at the beginning of the year 
2351 
25. Massachusetts net income for the year 
-1866 
26. Entire net income for the year 
-1902 
27. Capital contributions 
28. Withdrawals 
29. Balance at end of year 
449 
357622 
12.33.13 
L 
J 
03/21/2014 
12:13:38 
EFTA00807087
--- PAGE 7 ---
2013 Schedu e 3K-1, pg. 3 
MA133K131019 
Partner's Massachusetts Information 
034-26-3468 
Partner's Share of Profit, Loss and Capital 
30. Percentage of profit 
Beginning 0.03708 
Ending 0.03708 
31. Percentage of loss 
Beginning 0.03708 
Ending 0.03708 
32. Percentage ot capital 
Beginning 0.03708 
Ending 0.03708 
33. 
34. 
35. 
Non-recourse liabilities 
Qualified non-recourse financing 
Recourse liabilities 
Ending 
Ending 
Ending 
Pass-through Entity Payment and Credit Information 
Declaration election code 
Withholding 
Composite 
Member self-file 
Exempt PTE 
Insurance company 
Non-profit 
Exempt corporate limited partner 
36. Withholding amount 
37. Payments made in a composite filing 
38. Credit for amounts withheld by lower-tier enfity(ies) 
IP, 38 
Payer ID number 
Off• 
39. Payments made with a composite filing by lower-tier entity(ies) 
357623 
12.03.13 
L 
J 
03/21/2014 
12:13:38 
EFTA00807088
--- PAGE 8 ---
372 OUTSMART EXT II LP 
45-2206962 
MA SCHEDULE 3K-1 
FOOTNOTES 
NON-RESIDENT LIMITED PARTNERS ARE NOT REQUIRED TO FILE A 
MASSACHUSETTS NON-RESIDENT INCOME TAX RETURN WITH RESPECT TO 
THE INCOME EARNED BY THIS PARTNERSHIP UNDER MGL CHAPTER 62 
SECTION 5A SINCE THE PARTNERSHIP IS ENGAGED 
EXCLUSIVELY IN BUYING, SELLING, DEALING IN OR HOLDING 
SECURITIES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND NOT AS A BROKER 
PARTNER NUMBER 10 
EFTA00807089

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807090.pdf
----------------------------------------
6612 
10,916 Hours, A/C and Engines 
MFG 2001, EIS 7/2002 
VP-O3B 
s/n 32806 
4823 Cycle/Ldgs A/C and Engines 
Work Order 1999M 
Overview of Comlux Work Order and viewing: 
2016 major items: 
Start of work order 12/12/2016 (possibly date of quote?) 
Al check, A2 check, Cl check, (posted 12/12/2016 as "open" ) 
Preservation item 10/26/2016 (?) 
Inspection seems to have started at the end of 2016, with discrepancies being worked until about 
4/2017. There was a break in item signoffs after that with numerous small discrepancies accomplished 
at the time, others not complied with until Nov 2017. 
From Al inspection- Open or items cleared in 2018-
Mostly paint missing and surface corrosion items, all show cleared. 
From A2 inspection- Open or items cleared in 2018-
**Replace water filter- open 
Accomp A2 check- open 
*Operational test of PATS fuel control unit- open 
**Operational check water system- open 
(*probably delayed for fuel tank replacement) 
(**probably due to water system items found) 
Functional test center tank boost pump failed system- cleared 1/8/2018 
Func test center tank auto shutoff system- 1/8/2018 
Open discrepancies from A2 inspection-
Water heater leaking 
Fwd lay water selector valve broken 
Airstair support handle rods cracked 
From 1C inspection- open or items cleared in 2018 
Op check forward water drain valve- open 
Numerous entries for passenger door inspections signed off 1/5/2018 
Open discrepancies from 1C inspection-
items show open for It/rt horizontal stab leading edge corrosion, but were installed when I was there. 
RT Horiz stab tip corroded-
Corroded band clamps on wing bleed air system (found during slat install?) 
Added 4/18/2017- "Due to change in MX program comply with added items" 
4/18- C/W A3 check 
6/28- Hydro/insp- Cargo fire bottle hydro, Aft escape slide O/H, AD horiz stab attach- insp, 
6/28- AD to replace horiz trim actuators (terminating action for prior AD) 
6/28- accomp weight check of aircraft 
EFTA00807090
--- PAGE 2 ---
8812 
10,916 Hours, A/C and Engines 
MFG 2001, EIS 7/2002 
VP-C88 
s/n 32806 
4823 Cycle/Ldgs A/C and Engines 
Work Order 1999M 
AVIONIC Repairs and upgrades-
12/12/2016- Right Satcom ant requires repair- on 7/11/2018 -signoff is No action taken, System to be 
deactivated prior to next flight. 
12/12/2016- Upgrade TCAS to 7.1, signoff on 6/1/18 
Engines 
Runs complied with 9/2016 through 11/2016, one again 6/26/17, gap in between. 
Engine preservation accomp 12/2017 
5/9/2017- Item states accomp depreservation of engine which was preserved for 1 month to not more 
than 1 year (on wing) 
Performance runs accomp 5/30/2017 
7/28 and 8/30/2017- item for engine preservation of not more than 1 month 
10/25/2017- item for preservation of not more than 3 months 
Major issues from discrepancies: 
Right A/C bay door 192CR aft bulkhead- investigate previous repair 
Multiple signs of corrosion around cockpit sliding windows, wipers and along FS 270 body seam. 
Multiple signs of corrosion on Fuselage seams above widow line from FS 270-360 and around windows 
and VHF ant on top. 
During investigation of corrosion a possible hole and suspect repair was noted on the top of the fuselage 
between FS 601 and FS 616 and S- 4R and S- 5R. 
Multiple signs of surface corrosion on fuselage seam above window line from FS 360 to the aft door as 
well as around the aft antenna. 
I noticed approx. 12 areas of fresher paint, each about 1-inch square, on the forward right side of the 
fuselage. Suspect a prior lightning strike entering at the upper right radome, and carrying aft down the 
right side of the forward fuselage. 
The supplied documentation only has Discrepancies with dates, there are no corrective actions for the 
repairs and/or declining of items. 
EFTA00807091

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807092.pdf
----------------------------------------
2710/2017 
P20-. Prohibition Against Discrimination, Harassment, and Retaliation. Complant and Investigation Procedure I Office of the University Provost 
Office of the University Provost 
Home(/) 
Policies / Policies' Procedures (/ policies le recedures) 
P20: Prohibition Against Discnriralion Hntassiipnt are firlaliaacn Cee :Main! and Investigation 
Procedure 
P20: Prohibition Against Discrimination, 
Harassment, and Retaliation: Complaint and 
Investigation Procedure 
Effective Date: July 1. 1978 
Revised Date: May 29, 2015 
All ASU campuses shall follow this process for the investigation and resolution of reports of violations of ASU's Prohibition Against Discrimination, 
Harassment, and Retaliation, ACD 401 (httpl/www.asu.edutaad/manuals/acd/acd401.html). The purpose of these procedures is (1) to provide all 
members of the ASU community with a process for making the University aware of potential violations of ACD 401; and (2) to provide assistance and 
guidance to the Title IX Coordinator and the ASU Office of Equity and Inclusion in carrying out its responsibilities in administering and enforcing Arizona 
Board of Regents and ASU policies. The University may, from time to time, amend these procedures as necessary. 
I. Procedures 
A. Reporting of Violations 
1. Reports alleging sexual harassment by employees may be made to any employee within the university. All employees, unless precluded by law, are 
required to immediately disclose any allegation of sexual harassment to the ASU Office of Equity and Inclusion who will coordinate with the Title IX 
Coordinator. Reports alleging sexual harassment by students may be made to any employee within the university. All employees, unless precluded 
by law, are required to immediately disclose any allegation of sexual harassment by a student to the Office of Student Rights and Responsibility who 
will coordinate with the Title IX Coordinator. 
2. The Title IX Coordinator shall make a determination on a request for confidentiality, pursuant to ACD 401, within 3 business days of the request. 
a All other reports of violations of ACD 401 may be made to any manager, supervisor, or other administrator. If the person to whom a violation of ACD 
401 normally would be reported is the individual accused of any conduct prohibited under ACD 401, reports may be made to another manager, 
supervisor, or administrator or the Office of Equity and Inclusion. Managers, supervisors, and administrators shall promptly notify the Office of Equity 
and Inclusion when a report is received. If a student is alleged to have violated ACD 401, a report shall be promptly made to the Office of Student 
Rights and Responsibilities by the person to whom the report is made. 
4. In consultation with the Office of Equity and Inclusion, a supervisor receiving a report of a violation of ACD 401 may take actions needed to establish 
that there is a reasonable basis to suspect that a violation has occurred in order to confirm the appropriateness of any preliminary evaluation or 
indicate the need for additional assistance. No department or individual shall enter into any kind of discussion regarding settlement without prior 
approval from the Office of General Counsel and the Executive Vice President University Provost or the President. 
5. All reports should be made as soon as possible after the alleged violation. Prompt reporting enables the University to investigate the facts, 
determine the issues and provide an appropriate remedy or action. The ability of the Office of Equity and Inclusion and Title IX Coordinator to 
investigate complaints could be impacted (e.g. availability of witnesses, preservation of evidence) if a complaint is not filed promptly. 
6. Employee relations or collegiality issues shall be addressed through normal supervisory channels and applicable policies. 
8. Making a Report 
1. With the exception of a faculty member making a complaint of discrimination under the terms set forth in Section C below, a report of a potential 
violation of ACD 401 may be made verbally or in writing but the person to whom the report is made shall document it with as much information as 
possible. If the report is not made directly to the Office of Equity and Inclusion or the Title IX Coordinator, then the person to whom the report is 
made shall notify the Office of Equity and Inclusion or Title IX Coordinator of the report. 
2. The University shall respond, to the extent possible, to reports of potential violations of ACD 401 made anonymously or by third parties not directly 
involved in the alleged violation. However, the response to such reports may be limited if information contained in the report cannot be verified. 
Anonymous or third-party reports of potential violations of ACD 401 may be addressed through an informal resolution process. 
a Reports of violations of ACD 401 are strongly encouraged to be in writing, setting forth as much information as possible, including: 
(A) The full name and contact information of the reporting or complaining party: 
(B) The name of the individual(s) alleged to have violated ACD 401; and 
https://provostasu.edufpoliciesffirocedures/p20 
1/4 
EFTA00807092
--- PAGE 2 ---
2/10/2017 
P20-. Prohibition Against Discrimination, Harassment, and Retaliation: Comriant and Investigation Procedure l Office of the University Provost 
(C) A clear and concise statement of the facts that constitute the alleged violation of ACD 401, including dates and sufficient information to identify 
any other individuals who may provide information during the course of an investigation. 
If the Office of Equity and Inclusion determines that the report does not allege possible violations of ACD 401 or that the information provided 
indicates that further investigation would not result in a finding of a violation of ACD 401, the Office of Equity and Inclusion will, where appropriate, 
refer the matter to the appropriate unit or department to address any employee relations issues. If such a determination is made the Office of Equity 
and Inclusion shall notify the reporting individual of the referral and will facilitate contact with the appropriate university representative in the unit or 
department. Ordinarily, this initial review process will be concluded within 7 business days of the date the complaint was filed. If it is determined that 
possible violations of ACD 401 have been alleged or that the information provided by the reporting individual indicates that further investigation may 
result in a finding of violation of ACD 401 then the report will be accepted as a complaint. The Office of Equity and Inclusion and Title IX Coordinator 
will always consider a report of sexual harassment to be a complaint and initiate an investigation as specified in Section D. 
C. Faculty Member Complaints of Discrimination 
1. Unless the complaint involves sexual harassment a faculty member who receives an adverse decision concerning his or her promotion, tenure, 
nonrenewal, suspension without pay or dismissal for just cause may file a written complaint alleging that the adverse decision was a discriminatory 
action. This complaint must be filed with the Office of the President within ten (10) days of the faculty member's 'receipt of notice' (delivery of 
written notice of final adverse decision to the last known address by certified return receipt requested mail, deemed received if undeliverable) of the 
final adverse decision. A faculty member who wishes to report an alleged violation of ACD 401 with respect to any term or condition of employment 
other than promotion, tenure, nonrenewal, suspension without pay or dismissal for just cause who does not timely file a complaint with the Office of 
the President, or who is making a complaint of sexual harassment must use the procedures specified in Sections A, B, D, E and F herein. 
2. Upon receipt of the written complaint of discrimination from the faculty member, the Office of the President will forward the complaint to the Office 
of Equity and Inclusion to initiate an investigation per the provisions of Section D below. 
a The faculty member and the academic administrator(s) who is alleged to have rendered the adverse employment action on a discriminatory basis 
will participate in the Informal Resolution Process described in Section E below as an alternate resolution process. This alternate resolution process 
shall adhere to the timelines specified in ABOR 6-201.M.1.d (http://www.azregents.eduipolicymanuaVdefault.aspx). If the matter is not resolved 
through this alternate resolution process, the complaint will be transmitted to the Chair of the Committee on Academic Freedom and Tenure by the 
Office of Equity and Inclusion. 
The faculty members written complaint of discrimination will be heard by the Committee on Academic Freedom and Tenure in accordance with the 
hearing procedures specified in ABOR 6-201.M.2 (http://vommazregents.eduipolicymanualidefault.aspx). if it is not resolved through the alternate 
resolution process The president will render a final decision pursuant to the provisions of ABOR 6-201.M.3 and 4 
(http://www.azregents.eduipolicymanualidefaultaspx). 
D. Investigative Process 
1. Investigations shall be conducted by the Title IX Coordinator, Office of Equity and Inclusion, or by a designee of the Chief Human Resources Officer 
as appropriate. 
2. Notice of investigation will be provided to the parties. All parties will be given the opportunity to provide information and respond. Additional notice 
may be provided to individuals with a legitimate need to know, including appropriate administrators including Deans, Directors, Academic or 
Administrative Unit Heads or Vice Presidents, who may have an obligation to monitor the environment to ensure that retaliatory action does not 
occur during or after the investigative process. 
a In cases involving allegations of dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, the parties will be given timely notice of meetings 
taking place as well as access to information that will be used during any hearings. Parties may be accompanied by an advisor of their choice to 
meetings. During the investigation process, the advisor can provide support, guidance, and advice but the advisor is not an active participant in the 
meeting. If the investigation results in disciplinary action for which there is a hearing process, the right to an advisor shall be as set forth in that 
hearing process. 
An investigation may include, as needed, the gathering of information, including interviews with individuals who may have information concerning 
the allegations as set forth in the report and gathering and review of documents as appropriate. At any time during the investigation, the investigator 
or the Title IX Coordinator may recommend that interim protections or remedies be provided by appropriate University officials. Failure to comply 
with the terms of interim protections may be considered a separate violation of ACD 401. The investigation shall be completed as promptly as 
possible and in most cases, within 60 calendar days for complaints of sexual harassment and within 90 calendar days for all other complaints, of 
the date the investigation is initiated. If more than time is necessary to complete an investigation, then the investigator shall notify the relevant 
parties. In the event that there is a simultaneous criminal investigation, the investigator will coordinate with law enforcement and determine what, if 
any, delay is appropriate. 
E. Informal Resolution 
The Office of Equity and Inclusion will determine when informal resolution may be appropriate. The informal resolution process will not be used for 
complaints of sexual harassment. 
Individuals making reports of violations of ACD 401 may wish to resolve the matter through an informal process or reach a resolution through alternatives 
to the investigative process. The goal of an informal resolution is to resolve concerns at the ead lest stage possible, with the cooperation of all parties 
involved. Informal resolution is an option when the parties desire to resolve the situation cooperatively. 
Means for informal resolution shall be flexible and encompass a full range of possible appropriate outcomes. Informal resolution includes options such as 
facilitating an agreement between the parties, separating the parties, referring the parties to counseling programs, imposing appropriate remedial action 
as determined by the University, conducting targeted educational and training programs, and providing remedies for the individual harmed by the violation 
https://provostasu.edu/pollciesffirocedures/p20 
214 
EFTA00807093
--- PAGE 3 ---
2/10/2017 
P20: Prohibition Against Discrimination, Harassment. and Retaliation: Complaint and Investigation Procothse l Offload the University Provost 
of ACD 401. Informal resolution efforts, including any mutually agreed upon outcome, shall be documented. 
If a mutually acceptable solution cannot be reached through the informal resolution process, an investigation through the appropriate office will continue 
to proceed. 
F. Reviews of Findings of Violations of ACD 401 
1. Upon the completion of the investigation, the investigator shall prepare a written report, including a finding of whether or not a policy violation has 
occurred. A copy of the written report shall be provided to the University Provost or appropriate vice president or designee for acceptance, rejection 
or modification of the findings. 
2. The University Provost or appropriate vice president or designee shall provide his/her determination to the reporting party, the party accused of 
violating the policy. the appropriate university administrator, the Office of Equity and Inclusion, and the Title IX Coordinator in cases involving claims 
of sex discrimination. The determination is final. 
3. Disciplinary action will be issued under the applicable procedure for the employment classification of the employee who has been found to have 
violated ACD 401, i.e. for faculty, at ABOR 6-201.J. and L (http://vnywazregents.edu/policymanual/defaultaspx).; for administrators, at ABOR 6-
101.H (http://www.azregents.edu/policymanual/default.aspx)., for academic professional staff, at ABOR 6-302.G. and I 
(http://www.azregents.edu/policymanual/defaultaspx)., or ACD 508-03 (http://www.asu.edu/aad/manuals/acd/acd508-03.html); university staff. at 
SPP 301 (http://www.asu.edu/aad/manuals/spp/index.html), SPP, 801, SPP 808; and for classified staff, at SPP 809 
(http://www.asu.edu/aad/manuals/spp/spp809.html); and, at SPP 901 (http://www.asu.edu/aad/manuals/spp/spp901.html). 
II. Records Retention 
The written report and referenced exhibits developed or created as a result of an investigation, shall be retained by the Office of Equity and Inclusion for 
the length of the employee's term of employment and for a period of 5 years from the time of separation of employment by the employee. All other related 
documents, materials and records shall be destroyed in accordance with the records retention policy. 
Student records related to or arising out of an investigation by the Office of Student Rights and Responsibilities shall be retained in accordance with 
student records retention policies and procedures. 
For more information, see ACD 401 (http://wwwasu.edu/aad/manuals/acd/acd401.html): Prohibition Against Discrimination, Harassment, and 
Retaliation: ACD 402 (http://www.asu.edu/aad/manuals/acd/acd402.html): 'Romantic or Sexual Relationships between Faculty and Students; and ACD
515 (http://www.asu.edu/aad/manuals/acd/acd515.html): 'Nepotism. 
Office of the University Provost 
Arizona State University is a top ranked research university in the greater Phoenix metropolitan area. 
Contact Us (https://provost.asu.edu/about/contact) 
Academics 
Academic Integrity (/academic-integrity) 
Academic Advisors (/advisors) 
Academic Partnerships (/a p) 
Committees (/committees) 
eAdvisor" (http://eadvisocasu.edu) 
University Senate (https://usenate.asu.edu) 
Faculty and Staff 
Academic Personnel (/academic-personnel) 
Business and Finance (/business-services) 
Curriculum Development ((curriculum-development) 
https://provostasu.edutpolicies/procedures/p20 
3/4 
EFTA00807094
--- PAGE 4 ---
2/10/2017 
P20-. Prohibition Against Discrimination, Harassment and Retaliation: Complaint and investigation Procedure I Office of the University Provost 
Faculty Excellence (/awards) 
Initiatives 
Campus Safety (https://eoss.asu.edu/DOS/safety) 
Inclusion (https://diversity.asu.edu) 
About 
Leadership (/about/staff) 
ASU Facts (https://facts.asu.edu) 
ASU is #1 in the U.S. for Innovation (https://yourfuture.asu.edu/rankings) 
BEST 
COLLEGES 
f,7 ,
Copyright & Trademark (http://vntasu.edu/copyright/) 
Accessibility (http://www.asu.edu/accessibility/) 
Privacy (http://www.asu.edu/privacy/) 
Jobs (http://www.asu.edu/asujobs) 
Emergency (http://vnenv.asu.edu/emettbtIPP://yOUtfuture. 
Contact ASU (http://www.asu.edu/contactasun 
https://provostasu.edutpolicies/procodures/p20 
4/4 
EFTA00807095

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807096.pdf
----------------------------------------
SR Technics Li
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
P685608 
Engine Model: 
Customer: 
Removal Date: 
Removal Reason: 
TSN: 
CSN: 
Serviceable Date: 
List of abbreviations 
IIN 
Based on 
Delta 
TSN/CSN 
TSO/CSO 
TTGICTG 
MTTG/MCTG 
29.03.2014 
N1 AND N2 SHAFTS SBZED 
73061 
14959 
28.08.2014 
used in this report 
Industrial Item Number 
Reason for Limit-Type (SB/AD/ASB..) 
Minimum-TTG/CTG 'minus' Desired-TTG/CTG 
Time/Cycles since new 
Time/Cycles since overhaul 
Time/Cycles to go 
Minimum Time/Cycles to go 
Limit Types 
TLL 
Total Life Limit 
RL1 
First Rework Limit 
RL2 
Second Rework Limit 
RL3 
Third Rework Limit 
RL4 
Fourth Rework Limit 
111 
First Inspection 
112 
Re-Inspection (whichever comes first) 
XI 
Repeatable Inspection 
CI 
Condition/Crack - Inspection 
This time record contains information about installed 
life limited parts and ist true and accurate 
to the best of our knowledge. 
Date:  
Signature:  
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 01.02.2017 / 08:50 
Page: 1 of 
EFTA00807096
--- PAGE 2 ---
SR Technics Li
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
P685608 
Engine Hours/Cycles: 
TSN: 73061 
CSN: 14959 
Engine -Type: 
Customer: 
Time4Cycle Assignment 
Next Shopvisit 
Resut Engine Limit (affected by part with shortest time-/cycles to go 
IIN 
S/N 
053A AKLBFF8774 
Hours 
Limit-Type Time-to-go Current TSN 
of Engine 
Next Shopvisit 
at TSN 
TLL 
20787 
73061 
93848 
IIN 
S/N 
001A 4Y4223 
Cycles 
Limit-Type Cycles-to-go Current CSN 
of Engine 
Next Shopvisit 
at CSN 
TLL 
1220 
14959 
16179 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 01.02.2017 / 08:50 
Page: 2 of 
EFTA00807097
--- PAGE 3 ---
SRTechnics 
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
P685608 
Engine Hours/Cycles: 
TSN: 73061 
CSN: 14959 
Customer: 
Engine -Type: 
Time Record 
Module 31Z85613 TSN: 70698 CSN: 15275 TSO: 20804 CSO: 
3773 
Part Description (limited only) 
IIN 
PIN 
Pan-Name 
S/N 
0145 778631 
HUB FRONT COMP. 
189982 
Minimum-time & cycles to go 
Delta 
Limit- 
type 
MTTG 
MCTG 
Based on (H) 
Based on (C) 
TTG 
CTG 
TLL 
4614 
Count 
TSN 
CSN 
Count 
TSO 
CSO 
52945 
10386 
20804 
3773 
Module 32A89491 TSN: 48840 CSN: 10243 TSO: 12184 CSO: 
1935 
Part Description (limited only) 
IIN 
PIN 
Pan-Name 
S/N 
0020 615899 
HUB FRONT G061P. REAR 
2A2044 
0065 669620 
DISK COMP. 4 STAGE 
193200 
0130 706122 
DISK COMP. 2 STAGE 
070520 
Minimum-time & cycles to go 
Delta 
Limit- 
type 
MTTG 
MCTG 
Based on (H) 
Based on (C) 
TTG 
CTG 
TLL 
1877 
TLL 
3724 
TLL 
11007 
Count 
TSN 
CSN 
Count 
TSO 
CSO 
61282 
11123 
12184 
1915 
57206 
11276 
12184 
1915 
22410 
3993 
12184 
1915 
TLL Limit 
Rework-Limit 
Ins ection-Limit 
XI-Limit 
CI Limit 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
15000 
4614 
TLL Limit 
Rework-Limit 
Insaection-Limit 
XI-Limit 
CI Limit 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
15000 
1877 
15000 
3724 
15000 
11007 
Module 33H89548 TSN: 64931 CSN: 13044 TSO: 17156 CSO: 
2979 
Module 34185604 
TSN: 61607 CSN: 12824 TSO: 12184 CSO: 
1935 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 01.02.2017 / 08:50 
Page: 3 of 
EFTA00807098
--- PAGE 4 ---
SR Technics (1 
Switzerland 
Engine Serialnumber: 
P685608 
Engine Hourstycles: 
TSN: 73061 
CSN: 14959 
Customer: 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine -Type: 
Module 35B85775 TSN: 61015 CSN: 12233 TSO: 12184 CSO: 
1935 
Pad Description (limited only) 
IIN RN 
Part -Name 
SIN 
0010 718207 
HUB REAR COMP. FRONT 
653233 
001A 670911 
DISK CONY. 11 STAGE 
4Y4223 
0012 793015 
DISK CONY. 15 STAGE 
H88858 
0022 794908 
DISK COMP. 8 STAGE 
2X1741 
006A 648606 
DISK COMP. 6111 STAGE 
11(8651 
0092 794909 
DISK CONY. 9 STAGE 
380028 
013A 7042,0 
DISK CONY. 10 STAGE 
6Y9483 
025A 6755,2 
DISK COMP. 12 STAGE 
823797 
055A 6755,3 
DISK COMP. 13 STAGE 
5Y6764 
080F 788814 
DISK COMP. 14 STAGE 
4214440004 
Minimum-time & cycles to cio 
Delta 
Limit- 
type 
MTTG 
MCTG 
Based on (H) 
Based on (C) 
TTG 
CTG 
ILL 
4260 
ILL 
1220 
ILL 
757? 
ILL 
2070 
ILL 
2561 
ILL 
3369 
ILL 
2449 
ILL 
17394 
ILL 
10083 
ILL 
10626 
Count 
TSN 
CSN 
Count 
TSO 
CSO 
55851 
10740 
12184 
1935 
68521 
13780 
12184 
1935 
39472 
7429 
12184 
1935 
60856 
12930 
12184 
1935 
63128 
12439 
12184 
1935 
57744 
11611 
12184 
1935 
61592 
12551 
12184 
1935 
22326 
3606 
12184 
1935 
25749 
4917 
12184 
1935 
23065 
4374 
12184 
1935 
ILL-Limit 
Rework-Limit 
Inspection-Limit 
XI-Limit 
CI Limit 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
75000 
4160 
750001 1220 
75000 
7577 
75000 
2070 
75000 
2561 
75000 
3389 
75000 
2449 
75000 
11394 
75000 
10083 
75000 
10626 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 01.02.2017 
08:50 
Page: 4 of 
EFTA00807099
--- PAGE 5 ---
SR Technics Li
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
P685608 
Engine Hours/Cycles: 
TSN: 73061 
CSN: 14959 
Customer: 
Engine -Type: 
Module 36G85608 TSN: 73061 CSN: 14959 TSO: 73061 CSO: 14959 
Module 41M8951O TSN: 62490 CSN: 11929 TSO: 12184 CSO: 
1935 
Module 51C856O4 TSN: 76816 CSN: 16036 TSO: 
9213 CSO: 
1410 
Part Description (limited only) 
IIN 
PIN 
Pan-Name 
S/N 
0060 678520 
AIRSE4I. 2 STAGE 
NT3927 
053A 706942 
HUB TURBINE FRONT 
AKLBFF8774 
Minimum-time & cycles to go 
Delta 
Limit- 
type 
MUG 
MCTG 
Based on (H) 
Based on (C) 
TTG 
CTG 
TLL 
8031 
TU. 
TU. 
20787 
13590 
Tine Limas 05-10.01 
Tine Limas 05-10.41 
Count 
TSN 
CSN 
Count 
TSO 
CSO 
36146 
6969 
9213 
1410 
9213 
1410 
9213 
1410 
Module 52D85984 TSN: 59175 CSN: 14812 TSO: 19316 CSO: 
3218 
Part Description (limited only) 
IIN 
PIN 
Pan-Name 
S/N 
0010 769925 
HUB TURBINE REM 
10114440 
0020 752503 
DISK TUREt 3 STAGE 
G86970 
013N 811260 
AIRSEAL TUFA& 6 STAGE 
ALDLAW7672 
016O 758104 
DISK WAS 4 STAGE 
K54656 
016W 714906 
DISK WAS 6 STAGE 
1(58520 
Minimum-time & cycles to go 
Delta 
Limit- 
type 
MUG 
MCTG 
Based on (H) 
Based on (C) 
TTG 
CTG 
TLL 
4821 
TLL 
1257 
TLL 
13590 
TLL 
7519 
TLL 
6779 
Count 
TSN 
CSN 
Count 
TSO 
CSO 
46204 
10179 
19316 
3218 
60048 
13743 
19316 
3218 
9213 
1410 
9213 
1410 
35134 
7481 
19316 
3218 
38071 
8221 
19316 
3218 
TLL Limit 
Rework-Limit 
Insoection•Limit 
XI-Limit 
CI Limit 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
15000 
8031 
30000 
15000 
20787 
13590 
TLL Limit 
Rework-Limit 
Insoection•Limit 
XI-Limit 
CI Limit 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
15000 
4821 
15000 
1257 
15000 
13590 
15000 
7519 
15000 
6779 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 01.02.2017 / 08:50 
Page: 5 of 
EFTA00807100
--- PAGE 6 ---
SR Technics Li
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
Engine -Type: 
P685608 
Engine Hours/Cycles: 
TSN: 73061 
CSN: 14959 
Customer: 
Module 53R85738 TSN: 70558 CSN: 14436 TSO: 12184 CSO: 
1935 
Module 61F85788 TSN: 73127 CSN: 14808 TSO: 12184 CSO: 
1935 
Module 62E86015 TSN: 61483 CSN: 21388 TSO: 
4742 CSO: 
1066 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 01.02.2017 / 08:50 
Page: 6 of 
EFTA00807101

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807102.pdf
----------------------------------------
SR Technics
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
Engine Model: 
Customer: 
Removal Date: 
Removal Reason: 
TSN: 
CSN: 
Serviceable Date: 
List of abbreviations 
IIN 
Based on 
Delta 
TSN/CSN 
TSO/CSO 
TTG/CTG 
MTTG/MCTG 
P695731 
JT9D-7A 
Worldwide Aircraft Holding Company 
18.05.2015 
SCHEDULED ENGINE CHANGE 
65078 
10800 
used in this report 
Industrial Item Number 
Reason for Limit-Type (SB/AD/ASB..) 
Minimum-TTG/CTG 'minus' Desired-TTG/CTG 
Time/Cycles since new 
Time/Cycles since overhaul 
Time/Cycles to go 
Minimum Time/Cycles to go 
Limit Types 
TLL 
Total Life Limit 
RL1 
First Rework Limit 
RL2 
Second Rework Limit 
RL3 
Third Rework Limit 
RL4 
Fourth Rework Limit 
111 
First Inspection 
112 
Re-Inspection (whichever comes first) 
XI 
Repeatable Inspection 
CI 
Condition/Crack - Inspection 
This time record contains information about installed 
life limited parts and ist true and accurate 
to the best of our knowledge. 
Date:  
Signature:  
For information only 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 28.02.2017 / 07:41 
Page: 1 of 
EFTA00807102
--- PAGE 2 ---
SR Technics Li
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
P695731 
Engine Hours/Cycles: 
TSN: 65078 
CSN: 10800 
Engine -Type: 
JT9D-7A 
Customer: 
Worldwide Aircraft Holding Company 
Time4Cycle Assignment 
Next Shopvisit 
Resut Engine Limit (affected by part with shortest time-/cycles to go 
IIN 
S/N 
053A M80157 
Hours 
Limit-Type Time-to-go Current TSN 
of Engine 
Next Shopvisit 
at TSN 
TLL 
6346 
65078 
71424 
IIN 
S/N 
10065 1X1158 
Cycles 
Limit-Type Cycles-to-go Current CSN 
of Engine 
Next Shopvisit 
at CSN 
TLL 
832 
10800 
11632 
For information only 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 28.02.2017 / 07:41 
Page: 2 of 
EFTA00807103
--- PAGE 3 ---
SR Technics Li
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
P695731 
Engine Hours/Cycles: 
TSN: 65078 
CSN: 10800 
Engine -Type: 
JT9D-7A 
Customer: 
Worldwide Aircraft Holding Company 
Time Record 
Module 31Z95731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
Part Description (limited only) 
IIN 
PIN 
Part-Name 
S/N 
0145 778631 
HUB FRONT GOAIR 
020459 
Minimum-time & cycles to go 
Delta 
Limit- 
type 
MUG 
MCTG 
Based on (H) 
Based on (C) 
TTG 
CTG 
TLL 
5500 
Count 
TSN 
CSN 
Count 
TSO 
CSO 
41216 
9500 
41216 
9500 
Module 32A95731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
Part Description (limited only) 
IIN 
PIN 
Pan-Name 
S/N 
0020 645833 
HUB FRONT GOMA REAR 
5X2930 
0065 669624 
DISK COMP. 4 STAGE 
1X1158 
0130 706422 
DISK COMP. 2 STAGE 
184001 
Minimum-time & cycles to go 
Delta 
Limit- 
type 
MUG 
MCTG 
Based on (H) 
Based on (C) 
TTG 
CTG 
TU 
940 
Ta 
832 
Ta 
2113 
Count 
TSN 
CSN 
Count 
TSO 
CSO 
62672 
14060 
62672 
14060 
57651 
14168 
57651 
14168 
53502 
12687 
53502 
12687 
TLL Limit 
Rework-Limit 
Ins ection-Limit 
XI•Limit 
CI Limit 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
15000 
5500 
TLL Limit 
Rework-Limit 
Insoection•Limit 
XI•Limit 
CI Limit 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
15000 
940 
15000 
I 
I 832 
15000 
2313 
Module 33H95731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
Module 34195731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
For information only 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 28.02.2017 / 07:41 
Page: 3 of 
EFTA00807104
--- PAGE 4 ---
SR Technics Ci
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
P695731 
Engine Hours/Cycles: 
TSN: 65078 
CSN: 10800 
Engine -Type: 
JT9D-7A 
Customer: 
Worldwide Aircraft Holding Company 
Module 35895731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
Part Description (limited only) 
IIN 
P/N 
Pan-Name 
S/N 
0010 718207 
HUB REAR COMP. FRONT 
.163791 
001A 670911 
DISK COMP. 11 STAGE 
.141618 
0012 5000515-02 
DISK COMP. 15 STAGE 
7(40874 
006A 671906 
DISK COMP. 6TH STAGE 
J45872 
009Z 794909 
DISK COMP. 9 STAGE 
.191825 
013A 704210 
DISK COMP. 10 STAGE 
H95657 
025A 675512 
DISK COMP. 12 STAGE 
H88291 
OSSA 675513 
DISK COMP. 13 STAGE 
.135854 
080F 789714 
DISK COMP. 14 STAGE 
N99673 
Minimum-time & cycles to go 
Delta 
Limit- 
type 
MUG 
MCTG 
Based on (H) 
Based on (C) 
TTG 
CTG 
TLL 
7735 
TLL 
7735 
TLL 
8466 
TLL 
7735 
TLL 
8361 
TLL 
7735 
TLL 
7735 
TLL 
7735 
TLL 
11407 
Count 
TSN 
CSN 
Count 
TSO 
CSO 
40570 
7265 
40570 
7265 
40570 
7265 
40570 
7265 
30251 
6534 
30251 
6534 
40570 
7265 
40570 
7265 
33713 
6639 
33713 
6639 
40570 
7265 
40570 
7265 
40570 
7265 
40570 
7265 
40570 
7265 
40570 
7265 
51939 
3593 
51939 
3593 
Module 36G95731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
TLL Limit 
Rework-Limit 
Ins 'fact iontimit 
XI•Limit 
CI Limit 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
15000 
7735 
15000 
7735 
15000 
8466 
15000 
7735 
15000 
8361 
15000 
7735 
15000 
7735 
15000 
7735 
15000 
11407 
For information only 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 28.02.2017 / 07:41 
Page: 4 of 
EFTA00807105
--- PAGE 5 ---
SR Technics Ci
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
P695731 
Engine Hours/Cycles: 
TSN: 65078 
CSN: 10800 
Engine -Type: 
JT9D-7A 
Customer: 
Worldwide Aircraft Holding Company 
Module 41M95731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
Module 51C95731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
Part Description (limited only) 
IIN 
PIN 
Part-Name 
S/N 
0060 798917 
AIRSEAL 2 STAGE 
FIG7356 
053A 706912 
NUB TURBINE FRONT 
1180157 
Minimum-time & cycles to go 
Delta 
Limit- 
type 
MUG 
MCTG 
Based on (H) 
Based on (C) 
TTG 
CTG 
TLL 
10153 
TLL 
TLL 
6346 
3058 
Tine anis 05-1041 
Tine anis 05-7047 
Count 
TSN 
CSN 
Count 
TSO 
CSO 
28545 
4847 
28545 
4847 
23654 
4942 
23654 
4942 
Module 52D95731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
Part Description (limited only) 
IIN 
P/N 
Pan-Name 
S/N 
0010 799785 
HUB TURBINE RE4R 
549693 
0020 708703 
DISK TUREt 3 STAGE 
027431 
01311 811260 
AIRSEAL TUFA& 6 STAGE 
ALDL998911 
0160 758104 
DISK WAS 4 STAGE 
G31265 
016W 762206 
DISK WAS 6 STAGE 
517142 
Minimum-time & cycles to go 
Delta 
Limit- 
type 
MUG 
MCTG 
Based on (H) 
Based on (C) 
TTG 
CTG 
T4 
TLL 
12600 
3728 
Tine Lknis 05-10-01 
Time Limits 0540-01 
TLL 
4400 
TLL 
14486 
TLL 
4570 
TLL 
12160 
Count 
TSN 
CSN 
Count 
TSO 
CSO 
12400 
6272 
12400 
6272 
40417 
10600 
40417 
10600 
1174 
514 
1174 
514 
45649 
10430 
45649 
10430 
12400 
2840 
12400 
2840 
TLL Limit 
Rework-Omit 
Inspection-Limit 
Xltimit 
CI Limit 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
15000 
10153 
30000 
8000 
6346 
3058 
TLL Limit 
Rework-Omit 
Ins- ectiontimit 
Xltimit 
CI Limit 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Type 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
Hours 
Cycles 
TTG 
CTG 
25000 
10000 
12600 
3728 
15000 
4400 
15000 
14486 
15000 
4570 
15000 
12160 
For information only 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 28.02.2017 / 07:41 
Page: 5 of 
EFTA00807106
--- PAGE 6 ---
SR Technics Li
Switzerland 
Life - Limited Parts / Time Record 
Engine Serialnumber: 
Engine -Type: 
P695731 
Engine Hours/Cycles: 
TSN: 65078 
CSN: 10800 
JT9D-7A 
Customer: 
Worldwide Aircraft Holding Company 
Module 53R95731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
Module 61 F95731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
Module 62E95731 TSN: 65078 CSN: 10800 TSO: 65078 CSO: 10800 
For information only 
Engine Service Center 
Print date: 28.02.2017 / 07:41 
Page: 6 of 
EFTA00807107

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807108.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAC OUTLET TEMP RISE AT f1430 
The acft began experiencing both pac out let temps rising to 70 degrees but the cabin and cockpit temps 
remained normal. The captain was concerned he has NEVER seen the outlet temps at anything but 35. 
He lowered his altitude to 38-39000 and the outlet temps became controllable again at 35 degrees. I 
asked him to go to 41000 and they were ok then he slowly went to 43000 at 42700 the outlet temps 
slightly rose to 37 then stabilized then after a moment he adjusted the cockpit temps in auto to request 
colder the outlet temps then began to rise both at the same time to 40 degrees . I asked him to go to 
manual and the outlet temps stayed at 40 degrees but he was only in manual on the L ACC when he 
went back to auto they started to increase again but stabilized at 40-41 degrees. 
no recent maint no history found 
It seems that he is seeing the turbine by pass valve opening increasing the turbine outlet temps. He is 
concerned and wondering why both are acting at the same time. Also if it would continue onto 160 and 
get a cool turb hot message. It could create a emergency situation for him. 
Noted his engine temps are 440 and turbine inlet temps @400 outlets as described the cabin and 
cockpits were staying pretty much as requested in auto at 72 degrees the flow was in low 
He is going to continue to monitor it onto Florence they have a 9-10 days on small trips before they 
come back to Hong Kong. I advised him that I would let everyone know he called and that Barry Kessler 
would be advised and asked for suggestions or recommendations. As I promised I cc'd him on this email 
so he may stay in touch with us 
Answer 
If you fly into air temperature which are not ISA conditions such as -55 degrees F when ISA is -65 
degrees F there is the possibility for temps to creep up on the pack outlet. 
There is no degradation of the system for pressurization and generally speaking duct temperatures 
required to maintain comfortable cabin will be higher than the increased pack outlet temperatures you 
experienced. 
EFTA00807108
--- PAGE 2 ---
If you experience this phenomenon again, please respond to all on this e-mail and report to us the SAT, 
and if possible, TAT, during the anomaly. 
Note: If you are at high altitude cruise and you notice an increase in the pack outlets to 50, 60, or 70 
degrees during none ISA condition (ambient temps warmer then ISA), then you could increase the 
temperature in AUTO of all three zones by a few degrees F. This will relieve the airflow through the air 
cycle machines (acm) and the pack outlet temps will come down or closer to 35 degrees F. 
If someone would like to inspect the low limit valves (LLV) we do not object. It just seems the parts on 
the aircraft are relatively new, and we would not expect the parts within the refrigeration unit to be 
worn. Plus, both sides experienced the condition, therefore atmospheric conditions may be a more 
reasonable explanation. 
EFTA00807109

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807110.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
Important: 
This is NOT a CONSUMER REPORT and does not constitute a "consumer report" under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA"). This 
report may not be used to determine the eligibility for credit, insurance, employment or any other purpose regulated under the 
FCRA. 
This system may be used only in accordance with your Subscriber Agreement. the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA"), the Drivers 
Privacy Protection Act ("DPPA") and all other applicable laws. User agrees to having knowledge of all applicable laws pertaining to 
the usage of data. User accepts all responsibility civilly and criminally for any use of this system. 
Violations of these restrictions or misuse of this system will cause your access to be terminated and will cause an immediate 
investigation. 
Comprehensive Report 
Comprehensive Report 
Date: 0202+2018 
Reference ID: HBRK 
Subject Information 
(Best Information for Subject) 
Other Names Associated with Subject 
PATRTICK N ADAMS SR(02+01/2005 to 
01+3012008) 
Name: PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR (04101/1983 
to 11/0312017) 
Name: PATRICK J ADAMS (08401/1998 to 
06+01/2007) 
Name: PAT J ADAMS (02/25/2004 to 
02+2512004) 
Date of Birth: 12/24/1958. Born 59 years 
ago 
Subject Using Deceased Individuals SSN 
KELLY GAY WEAVER 
Date of Death: 0612212907. Died at 43 
Zip Code at Death: 59840 
Other DOBs Associated with Subject
Date of Bin 
Current Age 
Date of Bin 
Other Possible Phones Associated with 
Sub act: 
Indicators 
Bankruptcies: Yes 
Liens: No 
Judgments: Yes 
Corporate Affiliations: No 
Criminat+Traffic: Yes 
Global Watch Lists Match: Yes 
Email Addresses Associated with 
Subject 
Page 1 of 15 02/12/2018 
EFTA00807110
--- PAGE 2 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
CC': 
Potential Subject Photos (None Found) 
Possible Criminal Records (8 Found) 
ARNING - Due to the quality of Criminal data entry - Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Sep arate Criminal Search Is highly suggested as well as independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name. PATRICK JOSEPH ADAMS JR 
DOB: Unavailable 
Address: PIEDMONT. SC 29673 (GREENVILLE COUNTY) 
Gender. M 
Ethnicity: WHITE 
Is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: MARION COUNTY 
Source State: FL 
Match Indicators 
First Name: 
Exact Match 
Middle Name: 
X Not Matched 
Last Name: 
Date 01 Birth: 
Age: 
Address: 
Height: 
Ethnicity: 
O Exact Match 
Not Available On Record 
Not Available On Record 
Zip Matched 
Not Available On Record 
Not Available On Record 
Crime Details - 04/14/2005 - MARION, FL 
OffenseDescriptionl: POSSESSION OF DRUG PARAPHERNALIA 
Case Number. 05MM003642AX 
Crime County. MARION 
Status: CLOSED 
Status Date. 04114Y2005 
Crime Type: MISDEMEANOR 
Charges Filed Date: 04,'152005 
Case Type: MISDEMEANOR 34-D 
Offense Date: 04'14,2005 
WARNING - Due to the quality of Criminal data entry - Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Criminal Search is highly suggested as well as independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name: PATRICK JOSEPH ADAMS JR 
DOB: 1982, Born 36 Years Ago 
Address: 207 31ST ST NW, GREAT FALLS, MT 59404.4026 
CASCADE COUNTY) 
Match Indicators 
First Name: 
Exact Match 
Middle Name: 
X Not Matched 
Page 2 of 15 02/12(2018 
EFTA00807111
--- PAGE 3 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
Gender: M 
Ethnicity: WHITE 
Is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: PICKENS COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT 
Source State: SC 
Last Name: 
Exact Match 
Date Of Birth: 
Marginally Matched 
Age: 
X Not Matched 
Address: 
Exact Match 
Height: 
X Not Available On Record 
Ethnicity: 
X Not Available On Record 
Crime Details - 04/06/2004 - PICKENS, SC 
OffenseDescriptionl : DRUGSePOSS OF SCHD l(B).(C)& SCHD II 
Case Number: H423902 
Crime County: PICKENS 
Status: PLED GUILTY 
Charges Filed Date: 04/06/2004 
Case Type: CRIMINAL-CLERK 
Disposition: PLED GUILTY 
Arrest Date: 02/29/2004 
Disposition Date: 12/14/2004 
Crime Details - 04/06/2004 - PICKENS, SC 
OffenseDescription': DRUGS/POSS OF SCHD l(B),(C)& SCHD 
II-1ST OFF 
Case Number: H423902ADAPAT 
Crime County: PICKENS 
OffenseCode: 0176 
Charges Filed Date: 04/06/2004 
Case Type: CRIMINAL-CLERK 
Court: PICKENS GENERAL SESSION 
Sentence: 1 YR, 18 MONTHS 
Disposition: PLED GUILTY 
Disposition Date: 12/14/2004 
WARNING - Due to the quality of Criminal data entry - Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Criminal Search is highly suggested as well as independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name. 
S JR 
DOB: 
Match indicators 
First Name: 
Exact Match 
Middle Name: 
X Not Matched 
Last Name: 
Exact Match 
Date Of Birth: 
X Not Matched 
Age: 
X Not Matched 
Address: 
Exact Match 
Height: 
x Not Available On Record 
Ethnicity: 
x Not Available On Record 
Address: 
(CASCADE COUNTY) 
Gender: M 
Ethnicity: WHITE 
Is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: SPARTANBURG COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT 
Source State: SC 
Crime Details - 03/08/2004 - SPARTANBURG, SC 
OffenseDescriptiont : TRAFFIC / DRIVING VEHICLE AT GREATER 
SPEED THAN IS REASONABLE UNDER CONDITIONS 
Case Number: 8379030 
Crime County: SPARTANBURG 
Status: NRVC 
Crime Type: TRAFFIC 
Charges Filed Date: 03/08/2004 
Case Type: TRAFFIC 
Disposition: GUILTY BENCH TRIAL 
Disposition Date: 03/22/2004 
WARNING - Due to the quality of Criminal data entry - Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Criminal Search is highly suggested as well as independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name: PATRICK JOSEPH ADAMS JR 
DOB 
Address: 
COUNTY) 
(CASCADE 
Match Indicators 
First Name: 
Exact Match 
Middle Name: 
X Not Matched 
Page 3 of 15 02/12/2018 
EFTA00807112
--- PAGE 4 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
Gender: M 
Ethnicity: WHITE 
Is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: PICKENS COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT 
Source State: SC 
Last Name: 
Date Of Birth: 
Age: 
Address: 
Height: 
Ethnicity: 
O Exact Match 
O Marginally Matched 
X Not Matched 
O Exact Match 
X Not Available On Record 
X Not Available On Record 
Crime Details - 02/29/2004 - PICKENS, SC 
OffenseDescription : DRUGSrPOSS OF SCHD l(B)/(C)8c SCHD 
II-1ST OFF 
Case Number: H423902ADAPAT 
Crime County: PICKENS 
OffenseCode: 0176 
Charges Filed Date: 02/29/2004 
Case Type: CRIMINAL 
Court: PICKENS - PICKENS COUNTY SUMMARY COURT 
Disposition: TRANSFERRED 
Disposition Date: 03/191004 
WARNING - Due to the quality of Criminal data entry - Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Criminal Search Is highly suggested as well as independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name: PATRICK J ADAMS 
Match Indicators 
DOB: 
First Name: 
O Exact Match 
Middle Name: 
O Exact Match 
Last Name: 
O Exact Match 
Date Of Birth: 
O Exact Match 
Age: 
O Exact Match 
Address: 
O Exact Match 
Height: 
2: Not Available On Record 
Ethnicity: 
x Not Available On Record 
Address: 
(CASCADE COUNTY) 
Gender: M 
Height: 72 
Weight: 190 
Eyes: BLUE 
Is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: FRANKLIN COUNTY 
Source State: IL 
Crime Details - 02/13/2002 - FRANKLIN, IL 
OffenseDescription i : SEAT BELT REQUIREDIDRIVER 
Case Number: 2002TR816 
Crime County: FRANKLIN 
DegreeOfOffense: CLASS P OTHER 
Charges Filed Date: 02/13/2002 
Case Type: CRIMINAL 
Disposition: 104 - EX PARTE/GUILTY 
Disposition Date: 04/19/2002 
WARNING - Due to the quality of Criminal data entry - Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Criminal Search is highly suggested as well as independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name: PATRICK NOEL ADAMS 
DOB: Unavailable 
Is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: CONTRA COSTA COUNTY 
Source State: CA 
Match Indicators 
First Name: 
Middle Name: 
Last Name: 
Date Of Birth: 
Age: 
Address: 
Height: 
Ethnicity: 
O Exact Match 
O Exact Match 
O Exact Match 
X Not Available On Record 
X Not Available On Record 
O County Matched 
X Not Available On Record 
X Not Available On Record 
Crime Details - 10/23/1981 - CONTRA COSTA, CA 
Case Number: 107851ADAMSPATRICKNOEL 
Charges Filed Date: 10/23/1981 
Page 4 of 15 02/12+2018 
EFTA00807113
--- PAGE 5 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
Crime County: CONTRA COSTA 
Crime Type: TRAFFIC 
OffenseCode: 22350 
Case Type: TRAFFIC 
Co.rt DELTA 
WARNING Due to the quality of Criminal data entry Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Criminal Search is highly suggested as well as independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name PATRICK NOEL ADAMS 
DOB: Unavailable 
Is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: CONTRA COSTA COUNTY 
Source State: CA 
Match Indicators 
First Name: 
Middle Name: 
Last Name: 
Date Of Birth: 
Age: 
Address: 
Height: 
Ethnicity: 
O Exact Match 
O Exact Match 
O Exact Match 
X Not Available On Record 
X Not Available On Record 
O County Matched 
X Not Available On Record 
X Not Available On Record 
Crime Details - 06:1511981 - CONTRA COSTA, CA 
Case Number: 424165ADAMSPATRICKNOEL 
Crime County: CONTRA COSTA 
Crime Type: TRAFFIC 
OffenseCode: 22350 CVC 
Charges Filed Date: 06/15/1981 
Case Type: TRAFFIC 
Court: CONCORD 
WARNING - Due to the quality of Criminal data entry Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Criminal Search is highly suggested as well as independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name: PATRICK NOEL ADAMS 
DOB: Unavailable 
is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: CONTRA COSTA COUNTY 
Source State: CA 
Match Indicators 
First Name: 
Middle Name: 
Last Name: 
Date Of Birth: 
Age: 
Address: 
Height: 
Ethnicity: 
O Exact Match 
O Exact Match 
O Exact Match 
X Not Available On Record 
Not Available On Record 
O County Matched 
Not Available On Record 
, Not Available On Record 
Crime Details - 10/2311981 - CONTRA COSTA, CA 
OffenseDescription' : UNSPECIFIED 
Case Number: 107851 
Crime County: CONTRA COSTA 
Possible Employers (None Found) 
Address Summary (29 Found) 
Charges Filed Date: 10/23/1981 
Page 5 of 15 02/12,2018 
EFTA00807114
--- PAGE 6 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR • Comprehensive Report 
Address Details (29 Found) 
Subdivision Name: SMITH BAY ESTATE 
Owners: 
EDWARD J HAUG 
CAROL J HAUG 
Assessed Value: $130,500 
Living Square Feet: 491 
Land Square Feet: 94,961 
Owner: 
BCND ENTERPRISES LLC 
Purchase Date: 03/15/2011 
Purchase Price: $350,000 
Assessed Value: $467,300 
Living Square Feet: 2,477 
Back to Summary 
SAINT THOMAS COUNTY) (11/10/2017 to 11/10/2017) ( Back to Summary ) 
Subdivision Name: SMITH BAY ESTATE 
Subdivision Name: BENTWOOD 
Current Private Phone 
Current Private Phone at address 
BOYD, EUGENE 
Owner: 
(SAINT THOMAS COUNTY) (02/01/2005 to 06/2016) ( Back to Summary ) 
ANDERSON COUNTY) (10/0412002 to 01104/2018) ( Back to Summary 
Page 6 of 15 0202/2018 
EFTA00807115
--- PAGE 7 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS 
Purchase Date: 07/29:2002 
Purchase Price: $100,000 
Assessed Value: $132,337 
Living Square Feet: 2,330 
Land Square Feet: 24,832 
Subdivision Name: BENTWOOD 
Current Private Phone 
Current Private Phone at address 
n) 
• BOYD, EUGENE 
ANDERSON COUNTY) (09/01/2002 to 09+01/2002) I Back to Summary I 
(SAINT CROIX COUNTY) (09+29/2009 to 01/2011) I Back to Summary j 
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY) (02+26/2009 to 10/2009) ( Back to Summary ) 
CASCADE COUNTY) (08+01/1999 to 12+29+2007) ( Back to Summary ) 
Subdivision Name: SUN RIVER PARK GARDEN TRACTS 
Owner: 
VAUGHN THURSTON 
Assessed Value: $85,400 
Living Square Feet: 1,512 
Land Square Feet: 103,542 
(CASCADE COUNTY) (05+01/1998 to 06/2007) I Back to Summary I 
Subdivision Name: NORTH GARDEN HOME TRACTS 
Owners: 
DONALD M DAVIDSON 
KATHLEEN A DAVIDSON 
Assessed Value: $88,963 
Land Square Feel: 8,886 
P 
(GREENVILLE COUNTY) (0810112002 to 09+2004) I Back to Summary j 
ICKENS COUNTY) (I 012000 to 08/01/2004) ( Back to Summary ) 
Owner: 
H REBECCA FINLEY 
Purchase Date: 05127/1983 
Purchase Price: $38,937 
Assessed Value: 586,400 
Living Square Feet: 1,092 
Land Square Feel: 23,701 
I
.ANKAKEE COUNTY) (09/25+2003 to 09/25/2003) 
Back to Summary 
CASCADE COUNTY) (03101/1999 to 01/24/2003) ( Back to Summary ) 
4200 HUCKLEBERRY DR, GREAT FALLS MT 594044611 (CASCADE COUNTY) (12/1997 to 01124/2003) 
Back to Summary 
Subdivision Name: RANCHOS GRANDE VISTA 
Current Private Phones 
• 
Phone at address 
NIMMICK, BRADLEY & PEG 
Owners: 
BRADLEY W NIMMICK 
MARGARET P NIMMICK 
Purchase Date: 08/28/2006 
Purchase Price: $202,160 
Assessed Value: $302,700 
Living Square Feet: 2,232 
Page 7 of 15 02+12+2018 
EFTA00807116
--- PAGE 8 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
Subdivision Name: SUN PRAIRIE VILLAGE PT 
Owners: 
DOUGLAS MISKO(32) 
KENTON MILLER(37) 
Purchase Date: 04123+2013 
Assessed Value: $18,168 
Land Square Feet: 11,238 
Owners: 
MICHAEL TCHERNESHOFF 
RAEMARIE TCHERNESHOFF 
Purchase Date: 07/30+2015 
Purchase Price: $218,614 
Assessed Value: $213,700 
Living Square Feet: 1,986 
Land Square Feet: 91,476 
Land Square Feel: 223,027 
(CASCADE COUNTY) (09/1995 to 01/24+2003) I Back to Summary 
(CASCADE COUNTY) (04/1988 to 01/24/2003) [ Back to Summary 
ASCADE COUNTY) (01/1985 to 01/2412003) ( Back to Summary 
ASCADE COUNTY) (08101/1998 to 08101/1998) ( Back to Summary ) 
Subdivision Name: GREAT FALLS ORIGINAL TOWNSITE 
Owners: 
DON E HANSON 
JOANN HANSON 
Purchase Date: 12/13+2016 
Purchase Price: $138,000 
Assessed Value: $145,500 
Living Square Feet: 1,812 
Land Square Feet: 7,492 
Building Name: XPO MAIL SERVICE 
Current Commercial Phones 
Building Name: XPO MAIL SERVICE 
Currenl Commercial Phones 
RAVALLI COUNTY) (0811996 to 06/1997) ( Back to Summary ) 
(KINGS COUNTY) (0511995 to 06/1995) ( Back to Summary ) 
KINGS COUNTY) (05103/1995 to 05/03/1995) [ Back to Summary 
CASCADE COUNTY) (06/1984 to 11101/1989) [ Back to Summary ) 
SAN JOAQUIN COUNTY) (02/1986 to 06/1988) [ Back to Summary 
ASCADE COUNTY) (01/1985 to 04/1987) [ Back to Summary 
Subdivision Name: SUN PRAIRIE VILLAGE PT 
Owners: 
TODD J SULLIVAN 
JENNIFER M SULLIVAN 
Purchase Price: $48,222 
Assessed Value: 590,200 
Living Square Feet: 936 
Land Square Feet: 11,238 
Owner: 
SAN JOAOUIN COUNTY) (01/1985 to 0911986) ( Back to Summary 
Page 8 of 15 02/12/2018 
EFTA00807117
--- PAGE 9 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
DONALD BRAND 
Purchase Date: 02/19:2004 
Address contains: 16 apartments 
Current Private Phones 
Current Private Phones at address 
MARTIN, CHRISTIAN A 
MARTIN, SHERRIES 
Owner: 
BENAROYA YANIV LIVING TRUST 
Purchase Date: 12/1312017 
Assessed Value: $49,335 
Living Square Feet: 944 
Land Square Feet: 915 
Subdivision Name: SOUTHGATE 
Owners: 
ARISTEO CORTEZ 
VICTORIA CORTEZ 
Purchase Date: 09/0111986 
Purchase Price: $44,000 
Assessed Value: 573,983 
Living Square Feet: 1,293 
Land Square Feet: 6,098 
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY) (04/1983 to 03/1985) ( Back to Summary ) 
(SACRAMENTO COUNTY) (04/1983 to 03/1985) [ Back to Summary 
ICONTRA COSTA COUNTY) [ Back to Summary 
Address contains: 34 apartments 
Current Commercial Phones 
Current Private Phones 
Current Commercial Phones at address 
PT) • BUCHANAN GARDEN APTS 
PT) • BUCHANAN GARDENS APARTMENT GATE 
PT) ROBSOUTHERNSWAG 
Owner: 
FEASIBLE PROP BUCHANAN LLC 
Purchase Price: $1,011,500 
Assessed Value: $1,560,812 
Living Square Feet: 5,181 
Land Square Feet: 63,598 
Subdivision Name: HOFFMAN ACRES 
Owners: 
HJ SMITH 
IW SMITH 
Assessed Value: $145,325 
Living Square Feet: 2,047 
Land Square Feet: 87,120 
Counties History (13 Found) 
SAINT THOMAS. VI (02/01/2005 to 1012017) 
SAINT CROIX. VI (09129/2009 to 0112011) 
ANDERSON. SC (09/01/2002 to 1012010) 
HILLSBOROUGH. FL (02/26/2009 to 1012009) 
(SACRAMENTO COUNTY) ( Back to Summary 
Page 9 of 15 02/12/2018 
EFTA00807118
--- PAGE 10 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
CASCADE. MT (0611984 to 12/29/2007) 
GREENVILLE. SC (08/01/2002 to 0912004) 
PICKENS. SC (1012000 to 011/01/2004) 
KANKAKEE. IL (09125.12003 to 09/2512003) 
RAVALLI. MT (08/1996 to 0611997) 
KINGS. NY (05/1995 to 0611995) 
SAN JOAOUIN. CA (01/1985 to 06/1988) 
CONTRA COSTA. CA (04/1983 to 03/1985) 
SACRAMENTO. CA (04/1983 to 0311985) 
Driver's License Information (1 Found) 
PATRICK N ADAMS 
DL#: 011550816 
DL State: SC 
Reported Datikailial 
Date of Birth: MMI. 
Born 59 years ago 
Professional Affiliations (None Found) 
Professional Licenses (None Found) 
Bankruptcy Records (1 Found) 
Debtor Detads 
(SAINT THOMAS COUNTY) 
Match Indtcatnr• 
Name: PATRICK NOEL ADAMS 
First Name: 
O Full Match 
SSN 
Middle Name: 
O Full Match 
Debtor Address. 
Last Name: 
O Full Match 
00802-1311 (SAINT THOMAS COUNTY) 
Address: 
O Full Match 
Name: PATRICK NOEL ADAMS 
SSN: 
Partial Match 
SS 
Debtor Address: 
00802-1311 (SAINT THOMAS COUNTY) 
Bankruptcy Details 
Chapter: 13 
Case Number: 1706113 
Filing Date: 12/05/2017 
Claim Date: 02/13/2018 
Assets Available: Y 
Notice Type: 341 UPDATE 
Law Firm: POHL PA 
Attorney Name: ROBERT A POHL 
Attorney Address: BOX27290 PO, GREENVILLE, SC 29616-2203 
(GREENVILLE COUNTY) 
Attorney Phone: 
Trustee Name: GRETCHEN D HOLLAND 
Trustee Address 
Page 10 of 15 02/12/2018 
EFTA00807119
--- PAGE 11 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
SC 29615-4833 (GREENVILLE COUNTY) 
Trustee Phone: (864) 242-0314 
Judge Name: HELEN E. BURRIS 
Court ID: SC 
Court District: SC - SPARTANBURG - MAIN 
Court Division: 7 
Court Address: 201 MAGNOLIA STREET, SPARTANBURG, SC 
29306 (SPARTANBURG COUNTY) 
Court Phone: (803) 765-5436 
Liens (None Found) 
Judgments (6 Found) 
PATRICK ADAMS 
Address: 
(CASCADE COUNTY) 
Filing Coun y: asca•e, 
Filing Type: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Plaintiff: CLEAR CHECK 
Court Case Number: J200V1442 
Total Judgment Amount: $1,423 
Court: CASCADE JUSTICE COURT(MTCASJ1) 
Court Address: 425 2ND AVE NORTH, GREAT FALLS, MT 59401 (CASCADE COUNTY) 
Court Phone: (406) 454-6870 
Filing Date: 12,3012002 
PATRICK N ADAMS 
Address: 
CASCADE COUNTY) 
Filing Court y:
Filing Type: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Plaintiff: CB OF MISSOULA 
Court Case Number: 2003J198V0909 
Total Judgment Amount: $310 
Filing Date: 07/1998 
PATRICK N ADAMS 
Address: 
Filing County: Cascade, MT 
Filing Type: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Plaintiff: GREAT FALLS GAS 
Court Case Number: 2003J298V0890 
Total Judgment Amount: $443 
Filing Date: 06/998 
PATRICK N ADAMS 
Address: 
Filing County: Cascade, MT 
Filing Type: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Plaintiff: ACCOUNTS MANAGEMENT CORP 
Court Case Number: J298V0120 
Total Judgment Amount: $688 
Court: CASCADE JUSTICE COURT(MTCASJI) 
Court Address: 
Court Phone: (406) 454-6870 
Filing Date: 04/7/1998 
CASCADE COUNTY) 
ASCADE COUNTY) 
CASCADE COUNTY) 
Page 11 of 15 02112/2018 
EFTA00807120
--- PAGE 12 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
PATRICK N ADAMS 
Address: 
Filing County: Cascade, MT 
Filing Type: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Plaintiff: ACCOUNTS MANAGEMENT 
Court Case Number: 2003J298U0120 
Total Judgment Amount: $689 
Filing Date: 04/1998 
PATRICK N ADAMS 
Address 
Filing County: Cascade, MT 
Filing Type: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Plaintiff: INTERSTATE COUNSELING 
Court Case Number: 2003J296V1133 
Total Judgment Amount: $1,740 
Filing Date: 08/1996 
Current Property Deeds (1 Found) 
CASCADE COUNTY) 
(CASCADE COUNTY) 
Purchase Date: 07/29/2002 
(ANDERSON 
COUNTY) 
APN: 23902-03018 
APN Sequence Number: 001 
Account Number: 009189988 
Date Subject First Seen as Owner: 07/29)2002 
Date Subject Last Seen as Owner: 2017 
Subdivision Name: BENTWOOD 
Legal Description: CP 081)321 F125 D200 PP 0781794 LT 63 
BENTWOOD RD 
Living Square Feet: 2,330 
Land Square Feet: 24,832 
Most Current Ownership Information - 07/29/2002 
Latest Tax RolVAssessment Information 
Tax Year: 2016 
Tax Amount: $674.74 
Assessed Year: 2017 
Assessed Value: $132,337 
Sale Date: 07/29/2002 
Sale Amount: $100,000 
Book: 4907 
Page: 46 
Total Value: $132,337 
Land Value: $480 
Improvement Value: $5,400 
Owner: PATRICK NOEL ADAMS 
Mailing Address 
(ANDERSON COUNTY) 
Seller: RECORD OWNER 
Seller: ROBERT C ADAMS 
313 BENTWOOD RD, PIEDMONT, SC 29673.7904 (ANDERSON 
COUNTY) 
Owner Ownership Rights: Undivided Interest 
Owner Relationship Type: Unmarried 
Sale Date: 07/29/2002 
Sale Amount: $100,000 
Partial Interest Indicator: Yes 
Absentee Indicator: Owner Occupied 
Deed Sec Cat: Residential (Modeled) 
Universal Land Use: Residential (Nee) 
Property Indicator: Single Family Residence 
Inter Family: Yes 
Resale New Construction: Resale 
Mortgage 
Lender: BANK OF AMERICAMongage Amount: $25,000 
Mortgage Loan Type: Conventional 
Mortgage Deed Type: Mortgage 
Mortgage Term: 25 Years 
Mortgage Date: 10104/2007 
Mortgage Due Date: 10/04/2032 
Mtg Sec Cat: CNV, Fixed, Equity (Closed or Revolving), 
Conforming 
Equity Flag: Yes 
Montage 
Lender: WELLS FARGO BK NAMortgage Amount: $25,000 
Mortgage Loan Type: Conventional 
Mortgage Deed Type: Mortgage 
Mortgage Term: 39 Years 
Mortgage Date: 07/07/2005 
Mortgage Due Date: 07/07/2045 
Page 12 0115 0212,2018 
EFTA00807121
--- PAGE 13 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
Residential Model Indicator: Property is Residential 
Mtg Sec Cat: CNV, Fixed, Equity (Closed or Revolving), 
Conforming 
Equity Flag: Yes 
Mortaaqe 
Lender: WELLS FARGO BK NAMortgage Amount: $100,000 
Mortgage Loan Type: Conventional 
Mortgage Deed Type: Mortgage 
Mortgage Term: 30 Years 
Mortgage Date: 06109,2005 
Mortgage Due Date: 0610172035 
Mtg Sec Cat: CNV, Fixed, Conforming 
Mortgage Interest Rate Type: Fixed 
Past Property Deeds (None Found) 
Property Foreclosures (None Found) 
Evictions (None Found) 
Current Vehicle Information (None Found) 
FL Accidents (None Found) 
Global Watch Lists (2 Found) 
Name: PATRICK ADAMS 
Address: DALLAS, TX 
Match Score: 93 
Documents: AA-EC-11.50 
Source: OCC: Enforcement Actions 
Listing Date: 01,0512012 
Remarks: T BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION NOTICES FILED FINE 0 
Name: PATRICK ADAMS 
Address: DALLAS, TX 
Match Score: 93 
Documents: AA-EC-11.50 
Source: OCC: Enforcement Actions 
Listing Date: 09/2612011 
Remarks: T BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION NOTICES FILED FINE 0 
Page 13 of 15 02/12/2018 
EFTA00807122
--- PAGE 14 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
US Business Affiliations (None Found) 
US Corporate Affiliations (None Found) 
Pilot Licenses (None Found) 
Voter Registrations (2 Found) 
Name: PATRICK N ADAMS 
Address: 313 BENTWOOD RD, PIEDMONT, SC 29673 (GREENVILLE COUNTY) 
Date of Registration: 05/19/2003 
DOB: 12/24/1958 (59) 
Party: Not Specified 
Gender: Male 
Name: PATRICK N ADAMS 
Address: 114 WADE DR, PICKENS, SC 29671 (PICKENS COUNTY) 
Date of Registration: 04/30/2001 
DOB: 12/24/1958 (59) 
Gender: Male 
Hunting Permits (None Found) 
Weapon Permits (None Found) 
Possible Relatives - Summary (18 Found) 
> TAMMY JEAN TILLMAN 
e: 55 
> LINDA SUE KING 
> ROBERT LEON ADAMS -Age: 
> ROBERT CECIL ADAMaAge: 
> ROBERT C ADAMS C= 
Age: 91 Died at (83) 
> ROBERT ADAMS a,ge: 
> ROBERT ADAMS 
> ROB J ADAMS age: 
Died at (36) 
> PATRICK J ADAMage: 
> ELLIN L ADAMS 
i.ge: 85 Died at (81) 
> BOB C ADAMS ae: 
> PATRICK N ADAMS 
Age: 59 
> BOBBY C ADAMS SR 
Age: 91 
e: 56 
Page 14 of 15 02/12/2018 
EFTA00807123
--- PAGE 15 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
PATRICK NOEL ADAMS SR - Comprehensive Report 
> ROBERT ADAMS (ear 
of Birth UNKNOWN 
> ROBERT C ADAMS Image: 
> PATRICK N ADAMS 
> PATRICK J ADAMS 
> PATRICK ADAMS 
Page 15 of 15 02/12/2018 
EFTA00807124

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807125.pdf
----------------------------------------
PRIVATE BANKING & 
INVESTMENT GROUP 
The art and collectibles market: 
A primer for new collectors 
Each year, tens of thousands 
of colorful artists, together 
with hundreds of thousands 
of professionals who work 
for art service companies, 
operate within the nebulous 
and ever-changing ecosystem 
that is commonly called the 
art world. This fascinating and 
sometimes misunderstood 
community and marketplace 
can be daunting to budding 
collectors. The first step to 
understanding its mysteries 
is to educate yourself on the 
basics so that you are better 
prepared to enjoy your journey 
into the world of collecting. 
by Michael Duffy 
Strategic Wealth Advisory Group 
Merrill Lynch Private Banking and 
Investment Group 
Merrill Lynch makesavailableproducts and services offered by Merrill Lynch. Pierce. Fenner &Smith Incorporated 
("MLPF&S") and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation reofAConfl 
Investment products. 
Are Not FDIC Insured 
Are Not Bank Guaranteed 
May Lose Value 
MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer. a registered investment adviser. Member SIPC and a wholly armed 
subsidiary of BofA Corp. 
EFTA00807125
--- PAGE 2 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
The collecting and wealth planning 
discussions around so-called 
"collectibles° are similar to those 
around fine art. For simplicity, this 
paper will mostly refer to fine art. 
However, if your family owns antique 
rugs, firearms, period furniture, 
collector coins or stamps, jewelry or 
gemstones, collector cars, rare comic 
books, or a whole host of other types 
of tangible personal property, the 
concepts in this paper will apply, 
at least in part, to you. 
Today's public tends to have a better understanding of the commercial value of 
fine art, thanks in part to auctions having become somewhat akin to a spectator 
sport. This comes from the popular press focusing attention on postwar and 
contemporary fine art auction results that include a seemingly endless parade of 
record-breaking prices. For example, there have been more than 20 paintings or 
sculptures that have sold at auction for over $100 million (adjusted for inflation) 
and several reported private sales of paintings for amounts up to $300 million. 
The collectibles market, which is far larger in scope than the fine art market, 
tends to receive less news coverage because of higher volume and considerably 
lower price points. Prices tend to range from a few hundred to a few thousand 
dollars. To date, there have been no reported sales that come close to the 
$100 million mark. In part, this is due to the inherent nature of collectibles, 
which are usually mass produced by a tradesman and therefore not 'one-of-
a-kind' artistic works. Rather, they are usually part of a series with little or no 
difference between one collectible versus another collectible from the same 
series except for rarity, condition and provenance. Baseball trading cards, comic 
books, movie posters and Barbie* dolls are good examples of mass-produced 
items that are highly collected. 
Despite receiving less attention in the news, certain collectibles are highly 
coveted and, on occasion, sell for staggering sums of money (see chart below). 
The occasional news stories that trumpet these prices have helped to fuel the 
public's interest in the value of these items and ignite numerous cottage art 
and collectible industries across the globe. 
Notable sales 
' Daniel Roberts. 'Honus Wagner baseball card sells for new 
Collectible 
Description 
Sale Price 
record 53.12 million,' Finance.yaboo.com, Oct. 2, 2016. 
Lance Whitney 'Superman's Action Comics No. 1 sells for 
record 53.2 million on el3ay; CNETcan. Aug. 25,2014. 
Baseball Card 
Honus Wagner 1206 Tobacco 
Baseball Card 
$3.1 million (2016)' 
''Rare nickel fetches $3.7 million at auction,' 
NBCNewscomjan. 9,2010. 
Comic Book 
Action Comics No. 1 (Superman) 
$3.2 million (2014)2
"The British Guiana,' Sothebystom, June 17,2014. 
s Katharine Zaleski. 'Chair Bought For $28 Million At 
Christi's %es Saint Laurent Auction: 
Huffingtonpost.com, May 25, 2011. 
Vintage Coin 
Postage Stamp 
U.S. Liberty Head Nickel 
1856 One-Cent Magenta Stamp 
from British Guiana 
$3.73 million (2010)3
$9.5 million (2014)4
Carol Vogel, 'Leonardo Notebook Sells for $30.8 Million,' 
Nylunescom, Nov 12, 1994. 
Furniture 
Dragon Armchair 
$28 million (2009)s 
' Katherine Boyle, *Ccecoran's Clark SicIde-Leaf Carpet 
breaks world record at Sotheby's Auction,' 
Rare Manuscript 
Codex Hammer 
$30.8 million (1994)6
Washingtonpost.com, June S. 2013. 
Carpet 
Clark Sickel-Leaf Carpet 
$33.7 million (2013)' 
David Undercoff ler, "62 Ferrari 250 GTO sells foe record 
(Circa 1700) 
$38 million at Monterey Car Week,' LATunesccen,Aug.14, 
2014. 
Collector Automobile 
1962 Ferrari GTO 
$38 million (2014? 
Jason Chow 'The $36 Million Ming Dynasty-era Bawl; 
WSJ.cont April 8, 2014. 
Chinese Porcelain Bowls 
Ming-Dynasty 'Chicken Cup' 
$36.3 million (2014)' 
i0 Kristine Philips, 'Rare Pink Star' diamond is now the 
most expensive gemstone in the world: $71.2 million.'
Diamond 
Pink Star 59.6 Carat 
$71.2 million (2017)1° 
Washingtonpost.com, April 4,2017. 
EFTA00807126
--- PAGE 3 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
"The price of a work of art is 
an index of pure, irrational 
desire, and nothing is more 
manipulable than desire." 
— Robert Hughes, Art Critic 
Understanding the players: From artists to auction houses 
The term "the artworld' was first coined by American philosopher and art critic 
Arthur Danto and served as the title of his 1964 paper published in the journal of 
Philosophy. In it, Danto attempted to answer the age-old question, What is art? 
To answer that question, Danto suggests that we must look at a work in its 
cultural context as provided by schools, museums, critics and artists (that is, 
the art world). The concept that there is an art world is now omnipresent in our 
culture despite its ongoing inexact definition. 
Today the term is generally used to describe a vibrant, amorphous and 
interconnected ecosystem made up of a diverse and colorful array of actors 
who are constantly changing and evolving their art services to adapt to 
contemporary fashion, politics, technology and globalization. 
Artists 
Central to this dynamic ecosystem are the gifted artists and skilled tradespeople 
who create the materials that collectors covet. Unlike financial assets or real 
estate, an artist's work often has very little practical use. For example, one 
cannot eat a painting, find shelter in it or drive it to work. It will never pay a 
dividend and might never find a buyer if offered for resale. Art critic Robert 
Hughes once said. 'No work of art has an intrinsic value, as does a brick or 
a car.... The price of a work of art is an index of pure, irrational desire, and 
nothing is more manipulable than desire.' 
Yet for true collectors, an item's utility or future financial value, while relevant, is 
not what drives their decision to allocate time and resources to amass tangible 
objects that they will never consume. Instead, their personal aesthetics, and the 
Joy of being able to live among the items they have come to treasure, lie at the 
core of their collecting passion. 
EFTA00807127
--- PAGE 4 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
A sampling of U.S.-based 
auction houses 
• Bonhams 
• Christie's 
• Doyle 
• Freeman's 
• Gooding & Company 
• Heritage Auctions 
• Leslie Hindman Auctioneers 
• Phillips 
• Sotheby's 
" IMF Art Market Report 2016 pages 225 -229. 
"2 See note I t, above. 
See note I t, above. 
" IMF Art Market Report 2014 page 28. 
Dealers 
There is a vast network of assorted professionals who provide ancillary services 
to the art world's ecosystem. In 2015, there were approximately 310.400 
businesses that employed more than 2.9 million people in the global art and 
antiques market." 
First and foremost among these professionals are dealers and gallery owners, 
who operated roughly 296,270 businesses and employed almost 2.5 million 
people. Dealer sales account for the largest part of the art market, garnering 
over 50% of all art transactions.12
The dealer world is essentially divided into two factions: primary dealers, and 
everyone else. Primary dealers have exclusive agreements to represent living 
artists. They function as cultural tastemakers in charge of building their artists' 
brands and reputations. They often stage gallery shows and participate in 
museum exhibitions across the globe. They set market prices and firmly control 
who can buy a work and attempt to assert conditions of a client's ability to sell a 
work in the future. All other sellers (such as gallerists and brokers/advisors) are 
said to operate in the secondary market in which they sell works of art that were 
once offered and controlled either by direct sales from an artist or by a primary 
dealer. Hence, they are resellers. 
Auction houses 
Next come the approximately 14.135 auction houses that employ an estimated 
326,288 people.'3 Most readers are likely familiar with Christie's and Sotheby's, 
since these firms are the biggest auction houses in the West (Poly International 
and China Guardian are the largest auction houses in Asia). Sotheby's is a publicly 
traded company, and Christie's, which was a public company until 1998. is a 
private company owned by French billionaire Francois Pinault. Together, these 
two firms dominate the fine art auction market, accounting for 70% of the 
postwar and contemporary market and 72% of the European and Old Masters 
market!' Because of their market supremacy, some writers refer to Christie's and 
Sotheby's as a •biopoly despite the existence of thousands of smaller auction 
houses around the world that may offer a greater breadth of material at much 
lower price points. 
The traditional role that auction houses have played has morphed dramatically 
over the last 15 years to keep up with technology, demand and marketplace 
inefficiencies. In this regard. Sotheby's has led the way. In 2016, Sotheby's 
acquired Art Agency Partners to offer art brokerage and consulting services. 
Mei Moses to offer general and bespoke art indices, and Orion Analytical to 
offer conservation and forensic authentication services. Such services were 
traditionally provided by independent third-party specialty firms. 
EFTA00807128
--- PAGE 5 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
A sampling of online 
sales platforms 
• lstdibs.com 
• ebay.com 
• artfindeccom 
• lofty.com 
• artsation.com 
• saatchiart.com 
• artsy.net 
annetcom (description of Rice Database). 
i6 MFAF Art Market Report 2016, page 15. 
Art lawyers 
There is a legion of legal professionals who assist with the never-ending 
assortment of issues that can accompany a work of art from its creation to its 
final disposition (that is, trade, loan, sale or donation). The multidisciplinary legal 
issues tend to involve contract law, intellectual property law, trust and estate 
law, tax law, cultural property and antiquity law, international tax law, tax-exempt 
organization law, and litigation matters. Due to the sheer breadth of these legal 
matters, it is very likely that art collectors will use several legal specialists to 
assist with their art transactions over their collecting life cycle. 
Attribution, authentication and title professionals 
To assist these legal professionals, there is another stable of advisors who often 
aid in matters of provenance, authentication, attribution and title. Provenance 
research is important to collectors because it uncovers and records a work of 
art's prior possession, which can significantly impact what a buyer is willing 
to pay. Authentication research is critically important because it can uncover 
forgeries, which are unfortunately prevalent in the art trade. Attribution research 
is another key service, usually provided by art historians and art scholars, that 
is meant to assign authorship of a work to a particular artist. Finally. with title 
research, it is important to understand whether the piece being offered has a 
prior legal claim against it. 
Big data firms 
A burgeoning cottage industry that aims to increase transparency in an 
otherwise opaque, unregulated market is the big data (metadata) industry. For 
example, artnet Auctions is one of the largest suppliers of global auction results 
in the world. The website contains more than 10 million auction results spanning 
over 31 years, 1,700 auction houses and 320,000 artists.'s It creates broad 
indices as well as indices that are specific to an artist, both of which are meant to 
inform buyers and sellers about how liquid their tangible personal property might 
be and about its potential value. 
Online sales and auction platforms 
To provide better transparency and sales execution, there is an increasing 
number of online sales platforms that are primarily aimed at the lower end of the 
market, where the majority of trade volume occurs. Not only have auction houses 
and galleries tapped into this new selling medium. but there have been dozens of 
new websites that have sprung up to cater to the online collector. In 2015. online 
sales volume was estimated to have reached 54.7 billion, accounting for 7% of 
the total global art and antiques trade volume.16 Of these sales, 90% went for 
prices less than 550,000, while 80% went for prices less than 510.000. 
EFTA00807129
--- PAGE 6 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
Collection management professionals 
Entities or individuals who have created products and services far the care and 
maintenance of artistic materials fall under the label of collection management 
professionals. This can include framers, art handlers, qualified appraisers, 
conservators, collection management software companies, art security firms, 
property and casualty insurance companies, and art lenders and financiers. Some 
observers have estimated these annual costs to be approximately 2% to 3% of a 
collection's value. A worldwide searchable database exclusively dedicated to the 
top art collection companies can be found at clarionlist.com. 
Art fairs have become a 
game changer in the art 
world, particularly to 
private dealers who are 
trying to understand and 
incorporate them into 
their marketing and 
branding efforts. 
Art fair professionals 
Perhaps the fastest-growing industry within the art world comprises the fine art 
and antiques fairs that have sprung up around the world, with major fairs being 
staged in Basel, London. Miami, New York and Singapore. In 1970, there were 
Just three main art fairs—Cologne. Basel and Art Actuel —but today there are 
more than 300.17 There is likely a major art fair being staged somewhere in the 
world on every weekend of the year. Each such fair typically employs dozens of 
employees and hundreds of tradespeople for just a few weeks each year. 
Art fairs have become a game changer in the art world, particularly to private 
dealers who are trying to understand and incorporate them into their marketing 
and branding efforts. In 2015, dealer sales at art fairs reached 512 billion, 
representing 40% of dealer sales 1e In 2015, The European Fine Art Foundation 
(TEFAF) reported that dealers spent approximately 53.8 billion on art fair costs 
for shipping, insurance and booth fees to participate in this new paradigm." 
Despite widespread participation by most major galleries and exposure to many 
more potential buyers, not all dealers who participated in fairs made a net profit. 
Perhaps the best-known art fair in the United States is Art Basel in Miami Beach, 
which opened its doors in December 2001 and quickly became the largest, and 
arguably the most prestigious. contemporary art fair in the world. In 2015, there 
were 267 international galleries from 32 countries bringing in approximately 
70,000 visitors a day.2° 
" Georgina Adams, The Art Neivspaperjune 20, 2012. 
i8 TURF Art Market Report 2016, page 232. 
"See note 18, above. 
Artbaselcom, Miami Beach tab 
EFTA00807130
--- PAGE 7 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
In reality, the art market 
is a fragmented group 
of facilitators who do 
their best to make a 
market by matching 
buyers and sellers. 
Defining the art market 
The term "art market' tends to be tossed about freely, giving laypersons the 
impression that there is some type of centralized, regulated market, like the 
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), that provides up-to-date pricing data and 
efficiently matches buyers and sellers to increase transparency and create 
daily liquidity. This is not so. In reality, the art market is a fragmented group of 
facilitators that includes artists, primary dealers. gallerists, auction houses, art 
brokers and private sellers who do their best to make a market by matching 
buyers and sellers. 
The public is privy only to reported auction sales. However, each year, private 
dealers are polled by research firms to extract sales data on the private market 
in order to get a complete picture of the art marketplace. The research firm Art 
Economics, for example, sends out an annual anonymous survey to more than 
6,000 dealers from the United States, Europe, Asia, Africa and South America 
to obtain information on the private sales market. Its 2015 report suggests that 
more than half of fine art and collectibles sales occur through private channels. 
Unlike the NYSE, there is no centralized fine art and collectibles goveming body 
established to monitor and uphold transactional standards, issue professional 
licenses, provide ongoing professional continuing education to its professionals, 
mediate disputes, or assess criminal or civil penalties when appropriate. This lack 
of oversight has caused many observers to conclude that the art market is the 
largest unregulated legal market on the planet. 
That is not to say that there are no regulations or laws that protect collectors. 
In the United States, for example, the purchase and sale of tangible personal 
property is governed by the express written terms of the sales or consignment 
agreement, state law and the Uniform Commercial Code. The IRS assesses 
income tax, penalties and interest on income earned through fine art 
activities and assesses transfer tax on gifts and bequests of fine art. There 
are international laws that make trading in certain cultural heritage objects a 
crime, and we have intellectual property laws that protect artists copyrights. 
EFTA00807131
--- PAGE 8 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
For true collectors, 
personal aesthetics, and 
the joy of being able to 
live among the items they 
have come to treasure, 
lie at the core of their 
collecting passion. 
TEFAF Alt Market Report 2016, page 23. 
artprite.tom, The An Market in 2015, page 8. 
In addition to the patchwork of laws that may apply to an art transaction, there 
are numerous self-regulated trade associations, like the Art Dealers Association 
of America, that attempt to promote best practices by issuing professional 
guidelines for their members. These organizations do not have the resources or 
authority to audit art trade professionals. However, should an issue be litigated 
in court, any guidelines that have been issued by a trade association can serve to 
guide a judge or jury's decision. 
In recent years, the art and collectibles market has experienced 
rapid globalization due to a number of factors: 
• Increase In the number of ultra-high-net-worth families 
• Increase in online art trading platforms 
• Better sales data 
• Increase in number of art fairs 
• Increase in number of megagalleries 
• Increase In number of museums 
• Increased use of art and collectibles as an alternative 
investment and asset class 
According to TEFAF, the global art and collectibles market dollar volume 
reached $63.8 billion based on 38.1 million transactions in 2015.11 The 
United States, which has been one of the three largest art markets over the 
last 20 years, commanded the largest share of the art market, with 43% of 
all reported transactions?' 
a 
EFTA00807132
--- PAGE 9 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
In 2015, the approximately 
$64 billion in fine art and 
collectible sales worldwide 
was about 16 times the 
global sales at Tiffany's 
and almost 60% of the 
global sales at Amazon.27
Unique characteristics of the art market 
Collectors face unique challenges that, for the most part, are absent with 
other assets like stocks, bonds or real estate. As previously mentioned, fine 
art is a non-income-producing asset, so buyers must be prepared to satisfy 
their ongoing personal consumption needs from other means. Provenance. 
authentication, attribution and title issues are widespread and plague the art 
world. But perhaps the biggest challenge among collectors (especially those who 
collect with an investment premise) is the market's innate illiquidity. 
To put things into perspective, let's take a look at the NYSE. which is arguably 
the most efficient financial market in the world. Keep in mind that a single share 
of stock is fungible —meaning there is no difference between one share of a 
company's stock and another share of its stock. Also keep in mind that, due to 
certain laws and compliance requirements, there is never really an issue as to 
whether a purchaser is acquiring good title or whether the stock being acquired 
is authentic. On any given day, approximately 6 million to 7 million trades are 
executed in which 1.4 trillion shares are bought or sold for a daily dollar volume 
approaching 550 billion." 
The art and collectibles market is miniscule by comparison, with total 2015 
sales estimated at 564 billion based on 38 million sales transactions.24 Of those 
transactions, there were a total of 875,700 fine art lots hammered down (sold), 
of which only 546,000 occurred through Western auction houses, bringing in 
a total of 516 billion.25 The two largest Western auction houses, Christie's and 
Sotheby's. typically sell under 20,000 lots each year.'' Each lot (single piece of 
fine art) is unique. It is almost unheard of for a work of art to cross an auction 
block twice in the same year. It is more probable that it will take years or decades 
(if ever) before a collector is ready to sell a work from his or her collection. 
"Transactions, Statistics and Data Library, NYSE. 2010 through Present NYSE Group Daily Share Volume, 2017. 
TEMP Art Market Report 2016. page 23. 
artprice.tom. MeArtMarket in 2015, page 15. 
".artprice.corn. Me Art Market in 2015, page 6. 
"Doug Woodham. An Collecting Today. Market Insights for Everyone Passionate About Art 2016. 
EFTA00807133
--- PAGE 10 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
Postwar and contemporary sales from July 2015 to June 2016}s 
With the exception of Pablo Picasso and Andy Warhol. most artists have only a few works that cross the auction block each year. 
And not all works that are offered for sale at auction end up finding a buyer. To illustrate how thin the discrete art market is for any 
one artist. refer to the chart below. 
Artist 
Total Dollar Turnover 
Lots Sold 
Bought-In' 
Andy Warhol 
$311,178328 
1,493 
560 
Roy Lichtenstein 
$172.038487 
448 
160 
Cy Twombly 
$167,374,582 
Lucio Fontana 
$162,925231 
221 
Francis Bacon 
$159,969.165 
Jean-Michel Basquiat 
$141,119,505 
Lucian Freud 
$83041241 
tots that failed to sell at auction and were returned to the consignor. 
The chart underscores the fact that only a few pieces by any particular artist are 
successfully auctioned each year and demonstrates that not all consignors find a 
buyer. What cannot be gleaned from the chart is the huge number of artists who 
are absent from the auction market. 
Auction houses are extremely fastidious about the material they will accept for 
consignment. They want consigned items to sell and not be 'bought-in' (returned 
to the consignor). When a work of art is bought-in, it causes the house to incur 
uncompensated expenses, damages the house's reputation and can cast a 
negative light on the artwork (that is, the painting is 'burned') in future sales 
efforts. Auction houses only want to offer works of art that they think the public 
will buy. Because the public's taste in art invariably changes, so do the artists and 
works that the auction houses will accept. 
Contemporary art market author Don Thompson offers the following 
observation: 'Even artists whose work makes it to auction can have short-lived 
popularity. Fewer than half of the modern and contemporary artists listed in 
a Christie's or Sotheby's modern and contemporary auction catalog 25 years 
ago are still offered at any major auction' What this suggests is that collectors 
should buy what they love, with no expectation that they will ever be able to sell 
their works of art in the future. 
"An &Author% November 2016. 
EFTA00807134
--- PAGE 11 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET. A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
All too often, children 
discard, sell or donate 
works that were given 
to them by their 
parents because they 
have different tastes 
and lead different 
lifestyles than mom 
and dad. 
Art longa, vita brevis ("Art is long, life Is short") 
Most collectors will never sell a single piece from their collection. And since 
fine art is not a consumable asset, it stands to reason that the objects in their 
collection could survive for decades by being passed down from one generation 
to the next. Collectors, therefore, are temporary stewards of their treasures until 
such time as they (1) discard them. (2) sell them. (3) pass them to heirs, or (4) 
donate them to charity. 
Each of these decision paths warrants a broader discussion with your family 
and the charities that you intend to benefit. It is essential to understand 
whether your intended recipient wants to keep your artwork. All too often 
children discard. sell or donate works that were given to them by their parents 
because they have different tastes and lead different lifestyles than mom and 
dad. Often they sell for amounts far less than what their parents could have sold 
the works for because they know little about the artist, the work. Its provenance 
or what sales channel would be most appropriate. It is also true that, far too 
often. museums reject donations because they do not fall within the curatorial 
mandates of their curators. 
There are numerous techniques that can be deployed to transfer works of art to 
your heirs and charity during your lifetime or at your death. You should speak with 
your Private Banking and Investment Group wealth strategist to get information 
on the techniques and potential tax benefits. 
EFTA00807135
--- PAGE 12 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
Understanding tax implications 
There is an array of taxes that collectors should understand. For example, in the 
U.S.. collectors who sell their artwork after holding it for more than one year are 
taxed on the federal level at a collectibles tax rate of 28% on their long-term 
capital gains. This stands in stark contrast to stocks and bonds, which would be 
taxed at a top rate of 20%. Gifts of works of art to an heir that are worth less 
than 514.000 do not have to be reported. However, gifts above 514.000 in value 
must be reported on a United States Gift (and Generation-Skipping Transfer) 
Tax Return (IRS Form 709) and may cause the donor to pay a gift tax if the 
donor's cumulative lifetime gifts exceed 55.490,000 (unified gift and estate tax 
exemption amount for 2017). Cumulative lifetime gifts above that amount are 
taxed at 40% and are generally assessed against the donor. 
A lifetime donation of a work of art by a collector can create an 
income tax charitable deduction. The deduction will be based on 
the cost of the work of art (the tax basis) and not its current fair 
market value unless the donation satisfies several tests: 
• The artwork must have been owned for more than one year 
• The donation must be to a public charity or private operating foundation 
• The charity must intend to use the donation for its related charitable purpose 
• There must be a contemporaneous qualified appraisal (part or all of which 
must be attached to the tax return) 
Also, it's important to keep in mind that no income tax deduction is available 
for lifetime gifts to non-U.S. charities or for the mere promise to make a 
donation to a U.S. charity in the future. Finally, depending on the state in which 
you live, you might have to pay state income taxes if you sell a piece from your 
collection at a profit. 
Perhaps the most important state-level tax that a purchaser needs to be aware 
of is state sales tax. No matter where you purchase your works of art, a sales tax 
(or a use tax) will be due except in very limited circumstances. For example, the 
tax rate in New York City is a whopping 8.875%. If you are having a work shipped 
home across state lines, you may not have to pay state sales tax, but you might 
have to pay a state use tax in your home state. 
EFTA00807136
--- PAGE 13 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET. A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
Get started 
The following checklist can help get you on your way as you start forming and 
managing your collection. 
K Visit as many museums, galleries, auctions, biennials and art fairs as you 
can to cultivate your tastes 
K Take art history classes and attend art-related lectures 
K Talk to living artists whose works you may be interested in 
K Stay attuned to the art world and the art market through magazines and 
online subscriptions 
K Talk with other collectors 
K Whenever possible, personally examine the work of art that you are 
interested in 
K Buy what you like 
K Establish a budget and allocate only those resources to your acquisitions 
that you do not need to sustain your ongoing personal consumption needs: 
remember to include ongoing expenses for things like logistics, insurance. 
storage, display and home security 
K Perform due diligence; hire experts who can assist you with attribution, 
authentication, provenance and title 
K Read all consignment and auction sale agreements carefully 
K Consider hiring an art advisor who will act as your special fiduciary 
K Develop a conservation plan for your collection 
K Obtain adequate property and casualty insurance 
K Be open to trading pieces with other collectors 
K Keep an updated inventory with all related documentation, such as 
provenance research with publication and exhibit history 
K Have a well-thought-out plan for passing your collection to heirs and 
charity; understand the tax ramifications of doing so 
K Have fun 
EFTA00807137
--- PAGE 14 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
Learn more 
There is no substitute for hands-on training and visiting fairs, galleries and 
museums. To augment what you learn through your art world travels, there 
are lots of resources that collectors can use to learn more about an artist. 
Here are a few: 
Books 
• Art os an investment? A Survey of Comparative Assets by Melanie Gerlis (2014) 
• Art Collecting Today: Market Insights for Everyone Passionate About Art 
by Doug Woodham (2016) 
• Art of the Deal: Contemporary Art in a Global Financial Market 
by Noah Horowitz (2011) 
• Selling Contemporary Art: How to Navigate the Evolving Market 
by Edward Winkleman (2015) 
• Seven Days in the Art World by Sarah Thornton (2008) 
• The Supermodel and the Brillo Box by Don Thompson (2014) 
• The $12 Million Stuffed Shark: The Curious Economics of Contemporary Art 
by Don Thompson (2008) 
• The Value of Art: Money. Power. Beauty by Michael Findlay (2012) 
• What Are You Looking At? The Surprising. Shocking, and Sometimes Strange Story 
of 150 Years of Modern Art by Will Gompertz (2012) 
Websites 
• a ritclaily.cOM 
• artmarketmonitor.com 
• artnews.com 
• theartnewsoaner.com 
Magazines 
• Art & Auction 
• Art in America 
• Art Papers 
• ARTINFO 
• ARTnews 
• Fine Art Connoisseur 
Annual art market reports 
• Artprice Contemporary Art Market Report 
• Deloitte Art & Finance Report 
• Hiscox Online Art Trade Report 
• TEFAF Art Market Report 
EFTA00807138
--- PAGE 15 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
Glossary of art terms 
• Absentee bid. A method of bidding for those who cannot or do not wish to attend a live auction. Absentee bids are also 
called 'written, 'commission' or 'order" bids and can be placed by filling out and submitting an absentee bid form. 
• Art loan. A personal loan secured either fully or in part by a work of art or numerous works of art that are owned by the 
borrower. Such loans can be recourse or nonrecourse. 
• Attribution. The act of rendering a qualified expert opinion on the likely author of an unsigned work of art. An unsigned 
work's attribution is always subject to change. 
• Authentication. The scholarly and/or scientific determination of whether a work is a forgery. 
• Bid price. The amount a prospective buyer signals to the auctioneer he or she would pay to purchase the lot 
during bidding. 
• Bidder. An individual attempting to purchase a lot at auction. 
• Bought-in. If there are no bids on a lot, or if bidding does not reach the reserve price, the lot is bought-in, meaning it is 
left unsold and remains the property of the owner. 
• Buyer's premium. Percentage on top of the hammer price that the buyer pays to the auction house. 
• Catalogue raisonne. A scholarly tome, often produced by a deceased artist's estate or foundation, that attempts to 
faithfully reproduce and annotate every known work of art by an artist. Such catalogs function as reference books used by 
authenticators, critics, dealers, scholars, curators, lenders and collectors. 
• Chandelier bid. The practice of auction houses raising false bids at crucial times in the bidding in order to create the 
appearance of greater demand or to extend bidding momentum for a work on offer. 
• Condition report. A written description of a lot's past cleaning, retouching or damage prepared, upon request, for 
prospective bidders by specialist departments within auction houses. Condition reports are not appraisals of value. 
• Consignor. The owner who is transferring for-sale property to a dealer or an auction house to act as agent on his or 
her behalf. 
• Deaccession. To sell a work from a collection. The term is usually associated with museums that sell works 
to raise funds for other purposes. 
• Enhanced hammer. When the consignor negotiates with an auction house to receive a portion of the buyer's premium. 
• Fair market value. What a willing buyer will pay a willing seller. 
• Good title. Also known as "title,' the past and present full legal right, interest and ownership of the work, which may or 
may not overlap with its provenance (the history of the physical possession of the art). 
• Hammer price. Also known as 'hammer,' the winning bid for a lot at auction when the auctioneer brings down 
the hammer. 
• Knocked down. Term indicating the auctioneer's hammer coming down and the lot being sold; example. The lot wos 
knocked down at $275,000. 
• Lot. An individual item or group of items being offered at auction. 
• Primary dealer. An individual or entity having an exclusive agreement to represent a living artist. 
• Private treaty sale. A private sale that is arranged by an auction house. 
• Provenance. An important part of the authentication process that establishes the chain of ownership back (if possible) to 
the date an item was created. Provenance can significantly impact the value of an object and should not be confused with 
-good title: 
EFTA00807139
--- PAGE 16 ---
THE ART AND COLLECTIBLES MARKET: A PRIMER FOR NEW COLLECTORS 
Glossary of art terms continued 
• Qualified appraiser. A technical term used by the IRS to denote an individual who has met certain minimum educational 
requirements, earned the appropriate designations and licenses, demonstrated competency, and who is not expressly 
excluded from rendering appraisals for tax purposes under the tax laws. 
• Reserve price. The minimum price that a consignor will allow the auction house to sell an artwork for. If bidding fails to 
rise to the level of the reserve, the work will be bought-in. 
• Sales tax. A tax levied at the state level for certain fine art sales transactions that occur within that state. Under certain 
circumstances, such as where artwork is sold for immediate resale or is sold to a nonprofit, there may be exceptions to 
the sales tax requirement. In addition, if a nonresident purchases a work of art in one state but then transfers the work to 
another state, the state in which the artwork is shipped may levy a 'use tax.' 
• Seller's premium. A commission paid by a consignor to an auction house if the consigned work is knocked down. 
• Specialists. On-staff connoisseurs who put together the auction, acquiring the works, assessing their value, and 
contextualizing them in the frame of art history for the catalog. They are highly trained professionals grouped by their 
expertise in a particular field. 
• Third-party guarantee. An amount of money that an individual or group of individuals promises to pay the consignor 
regardless of whether a work sells at auction. 
To learn more about how we can help you build, manage and protect your art collection, 
contact your private wealth advisor. 
The article was authored by Michael Duffy. and is provided for informational and educational purposes ally The opinions, assumptions, estimates and views expressed are 
those of the author, and are. as of the date of this publication, subject to change, and do not necessarily reflect the opinions and views of Bank of America Corporation or any 
of its affiliates. The information does not constitute advice for making any investment decision or its tax consequences and is not intended as a recommendation. offer or 
solicitation for the purchase or sale of any investment product or service Before acting on the information provided, you should consider suitability for your circumstances 
and, if necessary. seek professional advice. 
Nonfinancial assets, such as closely held businesses, real estate. fine art. oil gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and 
invoke risks including total loss of value. Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires). complex tax considerations and lack of 
liquidity Nonfinancial assets are not suitable for all investors. Always consult your independent attorney, tax advisor. investment manager and insurance agent for final 
recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy 
Merrill Lynch is providing thirdpartymbsites only as a convenience. The inclusion of the websites does not imply any endorsement. approval. investigation. verification 
or monitoring by Menill Lynch or any of its affiliates of any content or information contained within or accessible from the websites. Merril Lynch and its affiliates do not 
control the accuracy. completeness. timeliness or appropriateness of the content or information on the websites If you choose to visit the websites, you will be subject to 
their terms of use and privacy policies. over which Merrill Lynch and its affiliates have no control. In no event will Merrill Lynch or any of its affiliates be responsible for any 
information or content within the websites or your use of the websites. 
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal andtor tax advisors before making 
any financial decisions. 
The Private Banking and Investment Group is a division of MLPF&S that offers a broad array of personalized wealth management products and services. Both brokerage 
and investment advisory services (including financial planning) are offered by the group's private wealth advisors through MU* &S. The nature and degree of advice and 
assistance pranded, the fees charged.and client rights and Merrill Lynch's obligations will differ among these services. Investments involve risk. including the possible loss 
of principal investment. 
The banking, credit and trust services sold by the group's private wealth advisors are offered by licensed banks and trust companies, including Bank of America, NA, 
Member FDIC. and other affiliated banks. 
The Bul Symbol and Merrill Lynch are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. 
Barbie is a registered traden ark of Mattel 
Merrill Lynch 
PRIVATE BANKING & 
INVESTMENT GROUP 
132017 Bank of America Corporation. Al rights reserved I ARN4MRQ8 I WP-03-I 7-06 I4 A I 471864PM-0Si] 10512017 
EFTA00807140

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807141.pdf
----------------------------------------
ate: 7/19/06 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Incident Report 
ime: 15:01:37 
Page: 
Program: CMS301L 
ase No 
• 1-05-000368 
her mother and then placed into 
I cot 
School Board 
for 
(Continued) 
Checking the 
school board records for 
there was no 
disciplinary record found. I was advised if no disciplinary action 
was taken for a fight, such as an expulsion or detention, the incident 
may not have been recorded. This was at the discretion of the 
individual school security and principal. 
03/15/2005, I called the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office and left a 
message for PBSP Sgt. Chris Keen, Child Abuse Unit. 
On 03/15/2005, I went to  
where 
white 
female 
'Also present was Kathy Back, 
therapist. curing an audiotaped interview, I spoke with 
about the allegations that were made. 
litiall denied 
anything had 
dmitting to going with 
later 
ident' ' 
o Palm Beach to pick up money 
owed. 
en i ie 
s the cousin'of her former 
boyfriend 
She ultimately admitted to knowing that 
worked for a wea 
man and possibly did sexual favors for him. She 
also admitted that 
ad offered her an opportunity to make 
money. 
identified 
boss as a white male named "Jeff" who 
lived in Palm Beach 
sitively identified as Jeffre Epstein). 
IIIIIIIllexplained that she was first 
d by 
to go with 
her to Jeff's house, when they were at 
house. Ac 
' 
• o 
she was not s 
with 
ut 
agreed to o with her. 
became angry when 
he heard 
inviting 
it was to pick up money the man owed 
told her that she would pick her up at her house on Sunday. 
was not sure of the exact dates but knew it was a Sunday. According 
to  
along with an unknown, possibly Hispanic female, 
picked her up at her father's house on  
told her 
• 
shopping. It was later confirmed by %. 
icked his daughter up. According to Mr. 
drove a pick up truck.
along with the unknown female to Palm Beach. 
ion occurred between 
and 
that if Jeff asked her 
age, she should say she was eighteen. 
three girls walked up a drivewa 
guard/security room. In fact, 
them asking what they wanted. 
stated they were there to see 
Jeff. The male allowed them to continue walking up to the house. 
was 
recalled that Jeff's house was on a dead end street. All 
ast what appeared to be a small 
recalled a male approaching 
EFTA00807141

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807142.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
pat Gavle-Gordon 
Bcc: 
Munro 
' 
; Miller. Alan' I;1111LIIII); Cook Aleksandar (Sasa)• Men AlIe 
bliller. Amanda; 
• Bhalohnesw Amy; Cox. Andrew; Frazier. Andrew; Roddy. Andrew; 
" 
15r208481200.815.2g0r2; Morrison Anthony' plicolette Anthony.
;  
Bernard'; Diann jay; 
• Warner. Bo
. IIP:acienilleLin Brag; 
ii..a
ggls,s; Fischman Rn ire; 
a 
Ramos. 
; Anderson Cammie• r113145.farles; CusisalsChasl; 0=ft—clad
kicMit
ffice
;
; 
• 
• 
; Eisinanaao; Orlov. Darien°. 
Chatfield • Wilseu_gagsg• McGary Gorr Association. MK; Wahlestedt Claes. Abelian. Clever; Galley. 
Breeden Debbie; 
iliabcfLDiana; Shields. Diana; 
Gulden Dorothy; McCurrach. Doug & Danicila• 
; Clardy. Diane; I eonarell Iteg; laILDLQQ011Malikailall 
C.:20O1.84111120-J2EgilIsi Parke', Drina- Worthington. Fde Ramos. Fdward; Gum Frlwarri; loin Elizabeth; 
Murphy Flimbetle Bustafson Erie; larnbson. Esta and Robert; 
• 
• Wideman Flail-
Murphy Fran. 
• 
CS1019122.11021: Franks._ 
• Filial Gavle: 
Summers. Cloacae; 
; 5elemeraas tigen• Telesford. Gordon. McIntosh Henry' • Egggisujjegry• 
Metzoes 
Williaer rithen trek; pace lads; I morn tatenueline; Brady. James. Pay lane fitskaby Janet.
Kinsella Janet; geogeLkei; Sono. Jay; figleyjgo; Bankston. Jeff Jennings. Jeff Srhlotterbeck Jeff 
jt
ana;
CbilalajiiiiiSi 
%prier Jr lohn.;5ullia
lladeraig&I
jirp;
' lerardi 305roh; Srheerer. Joseph. Kitev. Joyce- yaughn. Joyce; Robinson Judith.
ramnani. Julie; Coleman K. 
; Jordan Kathryn; Ws 
irn. Laura: 
rewlenin I Pr; VILIfilet. 
lac; 
; Samlna-Lioda; Yiramecstadisa; latigariatiairsia; ttallollakaro; 
IleargtalIent Vieira MarIa•••11Mr.
, 
Crozier. Marian;
Marls; 
Fhrel
er Mar
 Mar
firant Marty' lierlf=011./11Dc geed Mane 
• Wilde. Maurice; Muller-Conte Mettle forrkikg3; Andrews. Michael. Correa Michael. 
Homan. Mir
l; Q'Hara Michael  Snaziani Michael; srattaw
; Barnes. 
auDrierkEtaMer3: Calglualtetmen: 
Sans. Parte Foster. Paul; 
; pranks Peter Peter B 
 gept, Peter 
Hoffo 
•
Pamela stark: Herrin.
 loenet Patricia. Flynn. Patrtrjs• 
Hulse R. Douglas- Abadia. Rafael- Del Dec
 Yak% 
gram; Carmona Rev Mike; Cannon?, Rev Sortie; 
• Stahl..lib:ha& 
Friedman. 
eLt: Kowalsv Robert; Bradley. Robert; Sitildenfrei. Robert; 
• 
'• 
- 
; Hunter Samuel; ramarila Castro Sandra. I itmia Santo. Watson Scott 
; Fastwood. Sherry; Sayles Shelve; Atwater Stacy' Rlomever. Stenhanie• Stem. 
JA E 
• Salvi Steve; 
• 
• 
• 
• Wanamakerteas,
alegn; Winter. Sitsiall 
" 
lash Thomas; B255. 
Lamas. Testa. Thomas: 
Hoffman Timothy' 
Isaidack, 
Ica Wiloso—licoa: etconnell Trudy; Ross. Vicki; Dayton. W • 
• Victor. Wendy.
Blackman. Wes. Diamond William St Arsine cavil-. William' James William' Thompson. llegm; lidelsem; 
&rd. V/iveke 
Subject: 
Code Enforcement Board Meeting Agenda 
Date: 
Tuesday, April 15, 2008 9:19:37 AM 
Attachments: 
AorAgenda172008 oar 
If you do not wish to receive any more e-mails, please reply with "Unsubscribe" in the Subject 
box. 
Pat Gayle-Gordon 
Administrative Assistant 
Town Managers Office 
Town of Palm Beach 
360 South County Road 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
EFTA00807142

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807143.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Pat rarlYESStrA4 
Cc: 
I-IpP 'nnui': Rail!; 
John Pane; CN=Jim Anwar /0=PalmBear tic enPalmBeaCh; fRalhicktwob org 
Bet 
McDonald, Mt  Coleman. Dealt Meld. Richard• ;Harkin. citAp; 
Subject: 
Agenda Bath-Up for Water Committee Meeting on 1/29/09 
Date: 
Fridaydanuary
,
 23, 2009 3:22:29 PM 
Attachments: 
Pat Gayle-Gordon 
Administrative Assistant 
Town Managers Office 
Town of Palm Beach 
360 South County Road 
EFTA00807143

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807144.pdf
----------------------------------------
/*Ai-10,4 
EDMOND 
DE ROTHSCHILD 
PRIVATE BANKING 
PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 
CHATEAU B.
INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS 
MAY 2017 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD (SUISSE) S.A. 
EFTA00807144
--- PAGE 2 ---
PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 
LOCATION 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00807145
--- PAGE 3 ---
/ 
PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 
INFORMATIONS SUR LA PROPRIÉTÉ : 
Terrain château: 28'700 m2 
Surface habitable : > f5oo m2 
Surface utile : > 2'500 m2 
Chambres à coucher : 14 
Salles de bains : 10 
Court de tennis 
Cinéma 
Port privé 
Garage à bateau 
Garage 
Dépendances 
INFORMATION ON THE PROPERTY : 
Château plot: 28,700 sq. m. 
Living surface: > 1,500 sq. m. 
Useful surface area: > 2,500 sq. m. 
Bedrooms: 14 
Bathrooms: 10 
Tennis court 
Cinema 
Private harbour 
Boat garage 
Garage 
Outbuildings 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00807146
--- PAGE 4 ---
PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
EFTA00807147
--- PAGE 5 ---
PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00807148
--- PAGE 6 ---
' /.
PRIVATE INVESTVENT OPPORTUNITY 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
EFTA00807149
--- PAGE 7 ---
PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
EFTA00807150
--- PAGE 8 ---
PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00807151
--- PAGE 9 ---
PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
EFTA00807152
--- PAGE 10 ---
PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
EFTA00807153
--- PAGE 11 ---
PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
EFTA00807154
--- PAGE 12 ---
DISCLAIMER 
This document is issued for informational 
purposes only. It does not constitute an 
agreement and is not intended for persons 
who are citizens or residents of a country 
or a jurisdiction in which the distribution, 
publication, availability or use of this 
document would infringe existing laws or 
regulations. In particular, no UCITS or 
investment fund referred to in this 
document may be offered to a person if the 
legislation of his/her/its country of origin 
or of any other country concerning such a 
person or product prohibits its offering. 
Nor do the information and figures in this 
document constitute an offer of services or 
a solicitation to buy, sell or subscribe 
securities 
or 
any 
other 
financial 
instrument. Any references to rankings or 
awards herein are no indication of future 
rankings or awards. This document and its 
contents may be quoted by disclosing the 
source, 
but 
their 
reproduction 
or 
distribution, in whole or in part, is 
prohibited. 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
EFTA00807155

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807156.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gulfstream G550 - HAPP Configuration 
PLAN D LLC - STANDARD AERO 
Aircraft Type: 
Aircraft S/N: 
Annual Fit Hrs: 
Gulfstream G550 
5173, N415LM 
300* 
1st Year Contract Price: $45, 600* 
Contract Period: 4/21/2017-4/20/2020 
Contract Price is based on the following Aircraft Configuration, and includes Fleet Discount if 
applicable. 
Model 
Part Number 
Air Data System 
Description 
Qty 
SPEX price if not on HAPP 
AZ-200 
HG1153CA02 
Air Data Sensor 
$15,549 
Data Management 
DMU-II 
7031051-901 
Data Management Unit 
$15,281 
Electronic Display System 
DC-884 
7007540-932 
Display Controller 
$22,473 
DP-884 
7007543-903 
Dimming Panel 
$3,161 
Epic - Modular Avionics 
MAU-16U 
7024404-1913 
Slot Dual Channel Cab 
$17,511 
PWR-200 
7024440-1901 
Power Module 
$15,796 
GIO.100 
7025364-1901 
Generic Single I/O Channel 
$9,955 
GIO.200 
7025365-1901 
Generic dual I/O Module 
$21,112 
VID-100 
7026531-1902 
Control I/O with Video Module 
$37,251 
DBM-100 
7026532-1902 
Database Module 
$26,337 
CNT-100 
7026534-1902 
Control I/O Module 
$8,572 
CIO-P01 
7026540-1901 
CAC Custom I/O Module (Single Wide) 
$12,810 
NIC-200 
7026542-1901 
Network Interface W/Proc 
$27,442 
AGM-100 
7026545-1902 
Advanced Graphics Module 
$39,118 
CMC-001 
7026548-1901 
Central Maintenance Computer 
$17,529 
AMM-100 
7027208-1903 
Airflow Blockage Module 
$2,225 
BC-900 
7027566-901 
Bus Coupler 
$3,127 
EGPWM 
7028419-1902 
EGPWMS Module 
$27,461 
AIO-F01 
7028432-1901 
Lane B AIOP 
$17,508 
AIO-M01 
7029305-1901 
Lane A AIOP Module w/ VGS men. 
$42,071 
Epic - Modular Radios 
TR-865A 
7026201-801 
VDR LRM-Mode 
$10,452 
Page 1 1 
` HAPP sample price at 300 hours/year— Formal HAPP pricing is subject to aircraft actual configuration confirmation. 
Prepared by: LEIGH KERSH 
21-APR-17 
Honeywell Proprietary 
EFTA00807156
--- PAGE 2 ---
NV-875A 
7026202-803 
ViDL 
$18,083 
NC-860A 
7026203-813 
NAV/COM Module 
$35,112 
MT-860 
7026240-901 
Mini Cabinet 
$5,115 
OF-855 
7510114-855 
ADF Receiver Module 
$5,615 
DM-855 
7510184-855 
DME Module 
S6,995 
AT-860 
7510300-901 
Antenna 
$5,197 
AV-900 
7511900-98602 Audio Control Panel 
$12,185 
XS-857A 
7517400-877 
Diversity Transponder 
$22,683 
MRC-855A 7517959-902 
Modular Radio Cabinet 
S3,530 
Model 
Part Number 
Description 
Qty 
SPEX 
IM-950 
7519272-901 
NC Personality Module 
S1,982 
Flight Control System 
SB-1200 
6256-151-1 
Servo Bracket 
S3,780 
SM-1000 
6256-162 
Elevator Servo Drive 
$10,341 
SM-1000 
6256-164 
Aileron Servo Drive 
$10,341 
TM-260 
7000260-503 
Servo 
$19,547 
TB-261 
7000261.604 
Servo Bracket 
$10,118 
GP-500 
7021852-901 
Guidance Panel 
$24,431 
Flight Management System 
MC-850 
7025725-911 
Multi Purpose Control Display Unit 
$23,180 
Heads-Up Display System 
EO.201 
7023171-901 
Overhead Unit 
$94,015 
CB-200 
7023172-907 
Hud Combiner (Gray, Wide, EVS) 
$25,789 
DDU-200 
7023173-902 
Display Driver Unit 
$46,864 
Inertial Reference and GPS 
GR-2400 
245.604067.001 GPS Module Epic 
$12,965 
IR-500 
HG2100AB02 
Laserer V Micro IRS 
$64,010 
Satellite Communication System 
SD-700 
7516118-27010 Satellite Data Unit 
$79,838 
DILNA 
7516193-901 
Diplexer 
$8,684 
CMA-2200 7516194-901 
SATCOM IGA Antenna 
$23,502 
HP-700 
7516250-60050 High Power Amp 
$15,530 
Weather Radar & Radio Altimeter 
RT-300 
7001840-932 
Radar Altimeter 
$12,440 
WC-884 
7006921-825 
Radar Controller 
$4,439 
WU-880 
7021450-801 
Radar R.T.A. 
$23,626 
NOTE: Part numbers 7029795-901, 7028140-901, 
7517964-912 are no longer supported thru SPIT( inventory therefore 
Page J 2 
HAPP sample price at 300 hours/year— Formal HAPP pricing is subject to aircraft actual configuration confirmation. 
Prepared by: LEIGH KERSH 
21-APR-17 
Honeywell Proprietary 
EFTA00807157
--- PAGE 3 ---
cannot be covered under HAPP. 
Note: SPEX Prices are provided for reference, based on List Price in US$ per event, and subject to change. 
Please reference Honeywell Publication A65-8200-001 (SPEX Price Catalog for Corporate Operators) for terms and 
conditions. Pricing is also available by contacting Honeywell's Complete Customer Care Center at: 
+1-800-601-3099 or +1-602-365-3099. 
Page 1 3 
` HAPP sample price at 300 hours/year— Formal HAPP pricing is subject to aircraft actual configuration confirmation. 
Prepared by: LEIGH KERSH 
21-APR-17 
Honeywell Proprietary 
EFTA00807158

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807159.pdf
----------------------------------------
MPP Configuration - PLAN D, LLC - STANDARD AERO 
Aircraft Type: 
Gulfstream G550 
Year 
$3a 600 
Aircraft S/N: 
5173. N415LM 
Annual Flight Hours: 
300 
Contract 
4/21/2017-4/20/2020 
Period: 
Contract Price is based on the following Aircraft Configuration, 3 Year Agreement and includes Fleet Discount if 
applicable. 
Product Line 
Part Number 
Description 
Price 
Cabin Pressure Controls 
103832-2-1 
Valve, Pressure Relief 
$87,313 
Cabin Pressure Controls 
2118936-1 
SELECTOR PANEL 
$134,394 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
1151502-1 
SELECTOR TEMP 
$6,070 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
1151582-6-2 
CONTROL BLEED AIR 
$19,400 
Airframe Valves 
129740-1-1 
THERMOSTAT, INLET AIR, 
$7,850 
Cabin Pressure Controls 
2119144-1 
CP Control Panel 
$48,798 
Cabin Pressure Controls 
2119146-2/4 
Controller, Cabin Pressure 
$75,668 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2205590-1 
COOLING TURBINE 
$308,928 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341142-1 
Reheater/Condensor 
$38,563 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341144-1 
Water Extractor 
$27,174 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341172-1 
PRECOOLER BLEED AIR 
$187,117 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341172-2 
PRECOOLER BLEED AIR 
$236,515 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341176-1 
VALVE TEMP CONTROL 
$44,534 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341680-1 
Primary Heat Exchanger 
$29,537 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341682-1 
Secondary Heat Exchanger 
$80,488 
Airframe Valves 
103878-1 
VALVE, OUTFLOW 
$472,405 
Airframe Valves 
320154-4-1 
VALVE OUTLINE,SOLENOID-SHUTOFF 
$87,750 
Airframe Valves 
3202752-1 
VALVE OUTLINE, CHECK, 4.0 INCH DIA 
$32,967 
Airframe Valves 
3202754-1 
VALVE OUTL, CHECK, 3.S IN. DIA. 
$23,344 
Airframe Valves 
3202758-1 
VALVE OUTL, CHECK, 4.0 IN. DIA. 
$57,349 
Airframe Valves 
3202760-1 
VALVE OUTL, CHECK, 2.S IN. DIA. 
$17,526 
Airframe Valves 
3202776-1 
VALVE CHECK, 3.0 INCH 
55,095 
Airframe Valves 
3202782-1 
VALVE, CHECK 
$7,678 
Airframe Valves 
3215600-2 
VALVE, SHUTOFF,REGULATING 
$130,140 
Airframe Valves 
3215634-5 
VALVE, REGULATING, PRESS 
$17,240 
Airframe Valves 
3215636-2 
VALVE REGULATING, FLUID 
$42,942 
Airframe Valves 
3215662-2 
VALVE REGULATING SHUTOFF 
$63,800 
Airframe Valves 
3291252-1 
VALVE OUTLINE, TEMPERATURE CONTROL, 4.0 
$157,785 
Airframe Valves 
3291254-1/3291826-1 
Valve, Isolation 
$117,296 
Airframe Valves 
3291268-4 
Valve, Trim Air 
$62,571 
Airframe Valves 
3291284-1 
VALVE, SHUTOFF, 
$49,500 
Airframe Valves 
3291286-3 
Valve, Turbine Bypass 
$32,260 
Airframe Valves 
3291298-2 
VALVE OUTLINE, MODULATING AND SHUTOFF 
$117,872 
Airframe Valves 
3291826-1 
VALVE, SHUTOFF 
$117,296 
Airframe Valves 
396610-6 
VALVE, FLOW CONTR 
$179,604 
Note: Prices are provided for reference, based on List Price in US$ per event, and subject to change. 
Pricing is also available by contacting the Honeywell Aero Contact Team at 1-800-601-3099 or Intl 602-365-3099. 
Prepared by: LEIGH KERSH 
Honeywell Proprietary 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00807159
--- PAGE 2 ---
Prepared by: LEIGH HERSH 
Honeywell Proprietary 
Page 2 of 1 
EFTA00807160

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807161.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ Project 
Plants Identification 
For the MAIN DRIVEWAY 
EFTA00807161
--- PAGE 2 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
TREES 
EFTA00807162
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bucida buceras 
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
• 
•=a- 
- 
• 11"•••••-.-MIL__ 
f e 
EFTA00807163
--- PAGE 4 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Ylang Ylang 
.4) 
Swietenia Mahogani 
eonce/6. 
EFTA00807164
--- PAGE 5 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Plumeria obtusa 
Plumeria rosea 
.6- poncezoe 
EFTA00807165
--- PAGE 6 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Calophyllum brasiliense 
EFTA00807166
--- PAGE 7 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
GaIacum officinal 
.We; eonc96t 
EFTA00807167
--- PAGE 8 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Eugenia Rhombea 
Eugenia Feotida 
EFTA00807168
--- PAGE 9 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
PALMS 
EFTA00807169
--- PAGE 10 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Sabal Causarium 
Sabal palmetto 
Coco nucifera 
O eonc96.t 
EFTA00807170
--- PAGE 11 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Bismarckia nobilis 
EFTA00807171
--- PAGE 12 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
SHRUBS & CROUND COVER 
eonce/6. 
EFTA00807172
--- PAGE 13 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Croton linearis 
Congea tomentosa 
EFTA00807173
--- PAGE 14 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
I 
Capparis cynophallophora 
ance/66 
EFTA00807174
--- PAGE 15 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Cycas circinalis 
Agapante bleu 
EFTA00807175
--- PAGE 16 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Hymenocallis caribaea 
Gardenia tahitensis 
oponc,or 
EFTA00807176
--- PAGE 17 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Ficus pumila 
Ficus island 
.%.- Conce,e 
EFTA00807177
--- PAGE 18 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Jasminum sambac 
Nephrolepis macho 
EFTA00807178
--- PAGE 19 ---
LSG Project 
ARCHITECTURE & LANDSCAPE - CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
Ruellia brittoniana 
Radermachera 
EFTA00807179

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807180.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
B.V. I. 
•-/, IN, 
',Win, kcal gnus 
B.V.I. Painters Ltd 
P.O. Box 824, 
Road Town, Tortola 
British Virgin Islands. 
Tel: 284 494 4365 
picasso@surlbvi.com 
Name/Address 
Carlos Rodriguez 
PRD 
Estimate 
Date 
Estimate No. 
09/03/18 
3082 
Description 
Quantity 
Labour and Material cost estimate to sand and apply antifouling 
. Sand entire bottom 
. Prep any damage areas and fair with epoxy filler 
. Sand 
. Apply inter protect where necessary 
. Then apply two coats of Antifouling 
Cost 
Total 
50% deposit before start balance due on completion. 
1.800 00 
1.800.00 
Total 
S1.800.00 
EFTA00807180

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807181.pdf
----------------------------------------
B.V. I. 
4aC, 
Nixtno Ruh gnus 
B.V.I. Painters Ltd 
P.O. Box 824, 
Road Town, Tortola 
British Virgin Islands. 
Tel: 284 494 4365 
picasso@surfbvi.com 
Name/Address 
PRD 
Little St. James 
Description 
Labour and Material cost estimate to: 
Paint Topside from the waterline to the toerail 
. Sand entire topside 
. Fill and fair 
. Tape and mask 
. Spray two coats of primer 
. Sand Primer 
. Change masking tape 
. Spray four coats topcoat colours (Owner Choice) 
. Sand colours and spray 2 coats of high solid clear coat. 
Paint interior 
. Sand entire inside 
. Fill and Fair 
. Tape and Mask 
. Spray two coats of primer 
. Sand Primer 
. Apply four coats of Top coats in. Smooth areas 
. Tape off smooth areas and apply two coats in non-skid area 
Please note after inspection on the bottom ( Cooper Coat) we will get 
back to you 
Estimate 
Date 
08/24/18 
Estimate No. 
3071 
Total 
Quantity 
Cost 
0.00 
0.00 
3,100.00 
3,100.00 
6,200.00 
6,200.00 
50% deposit before start balance due on completion. 
Total 
$9,300.00 
EFTA00807181

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807182.pdf
----------------------------------------
Viya 
Switched T1 Renewal Agreement 
This Renewal Agreement made this 11th day of July 2018 ("Effective Date"), between Virgin Islands Telephone Corporation d.b.a. 
Viya (hereinafter referred to as "Viya" or "Company") with its principal place of business located at 4611 Tutu Park Ste. 200, St. 
Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands and Little St. James, LLC. (thereinafter after referred to as "Customer"), whose principal place of 
business is located at A, B, & C Little St James Island, 6B Red Hook Quarter, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. 
The Term of this Renewal Agreement shall be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date. 
WHEREAS: Customer is desirous of obtaining services from the Company and Company is desirous of providing services to 
Customer, the parties agree to the following: 
General Terms and Conditions: 
The lease commencement date shall be the date that Viya delivers and terminates the T1 circuit to the designated demarcation mom of the 
building and a "loop back" or a "point to point" test is performed on the line by Viya to verify that it is an active line and that they can send 
and receive signal from end to end. Yew shall inform Customer within twenty-four (24) hours of this installation that this test has been 
successfully executed; billing will commence thereafter. Customers who subscribe to Tl service are given the highest level of priority on 
service restoration. Service interruptions must be reported to the Repair Center (912 or 778.1742) during normal business hours and to the 
Network Department outside of normal business hours. Those numbers are 340-776-1210 on St Thomas and 340-7784210 on St Croix. 
Definitions: "Effective Date" shall mean the date upon which this Renewal Agreement is executed by both parties. "Eligible 
Voice Charges" shall include only the following type of Customer's total monthly Viya charges (based on the Tariff for usage of: (i) 
interstate, intrastate, intraLATA or international outbound voice service; (ii) interstate , intrastate, intraLATA or international 8XX 
inbound voice service; (iii) Viya calling card service, and (iv) Viya broadcast fax service, but shall not include Excluded Charges. 
"Eligible Data Charges" shall include only the following types of Customer's total monthly Viya charges (based on the Tariff rates 
for usage of: (i) domestic private line inter•exchange carrier service; (ii) domestic Viya frame relay ports and permanent virtual 
circuits ("PVC"); (iii) domestic Viya ATM ports, PVCs and switched virtual circuits ("SVC"); 
Tariffs, terms, and conditions and considerations: Customer shall pay Viya for its use of the Services at the rates and charges 
specified in the Attachment(s), without deduction, setoff or delay for any reason, including circumstances arising under any other 
Attachment. All of the rates, terms, and conditions contained in the Attachment(s) are incorporated herein by reference. Any 
monthly revenue commitment, term length, and termination liability are critical terms to the rates agreed to in the Renewal 
Agreement. If the monthly revenue commitment, term length, or termination liability are found by a court to be unenforceable for 
any reason, an adjustment to the price in accordance with prevailing rates for similar services would be warranted. Any rates set 
forth in the Attachment(s) are exclusive of any applicable taxes or government fees based on Customer's usage. Customer shall pay 
all taxes and other similar charges and any related interest and penalties relating to the use of the Services. Payment is due within 
fifteen (15) days after the date of invoice. 
Customer shall reimburse Viya for all costs (including reasonable attorney fees) 
associated with collecting delinquent or dishonored payments. At Viya's option, interest charges may be added to any past due 
amounts at the lower of 1.5% per month or the maximum rate allowed by law. 
A `good faith' deposit equal to 50 percent of all tariffed nonrecurring charges is required to initiate service. The telephone company will 
apply the deposit to the first month's bill after service has commenced. 
Your 'good faith' deposit of $990.00, has been waived. 
A customer may cancel an order for installation of local private line service on any date prior to the service date provided by the business 
office. Cancellation date is the date the telephone company receives written or verbal notice from the customer that the order is to be 
cancelled. Verbal notice must be followed up by a written confirmation within ten days. 
Marks: Each party agrees not to display or use, in advertising or otherwise, any of the other party's trade names, logos, trademarks, 
service marks or other indicia of origin (collectively "Marks") except for truthful information about the services rendered pursuant 
to this Renewal Agreement. 
Responsibility of Parties: Company shall provide Services to Customer in accordance with the terms and conditions, and at the 
Page 1 
EFTA00807182
--- PAGE 2 ---
V i ya 
charges specified irTihis Renewal Agreement, consistent with
 ma p (cable laws and regulations. Customer shalt assure that its and 
Users' use of the Services will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and written and electronic instructions for 
use. Customer represents and warrants to Viya that (i) it will not use the Services in any manner in violation of any federal, state or 
local law, regulation, rule or ordinance ("Applicable Law"); (ii) any text, data, images, photographs, illustrations, graphics, sounds, 
video, programs, code, information and other materials ("Data") used in connection with or transmitted by the use of the Services 
will not violate or infringe the rights of others including, but not limited to, any copyright, trade mark, trade dress, patent, trade 
secret, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary right; (iii) the Data will not include indecent or obscene materials or in any 
way constitute a defamation or libel of Viya or any third party; (iv) it will fully comply with all relevant export and encryption laws 
and regulations ("Export Laws") to assure that neither the Services nor any direct products thereof are used in a manner directly or 
indirectly in violation of Export Laws or intended to be used for any purposes prohibited by Export Laws, including, without 
limitation, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons proliferation and (v) it will use the Services solely for its or its affiliates and 
employees use and shall not resell all or a portion of the Services to any third party without Viya's prior written consent. 
Limitations of Lia bili ty : COMPANY'S LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROVISION OF ANY SERVICE PROVIDED UNDER THIS 
RENEWAL AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF MONEY CUSTOMER HAS PAID UNDER THIS RENEWAL AGREEMENT. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE 
LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY IIOR ANY INDIRECT. INCIDENTAL CONSEQUENTIAL PUNMVE RELIANCE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES. INCLUDING WTMOUT LIMITATION. 
DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS ADVANTAGE SAVINGS OR REVENUES OF ANY KIND OR INCREASED con OF OPERATIONS. WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY ILLS BEEN 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED N THIS RENEWAL AGREEMENT. COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTIES. EXPRESS OR 
IMPI.IED. AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY. FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TITLE OR NONINERINGEMENT OR ANY 
WARRANTY ARISING BY USAGE OF TRADE COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. 
Force Maleure: Neither Company nor Customer shall be liable for any delay, failure in performance, loss or damage due to: fire, 
explosion, power blackout, earthquake, flood, wind storms, the elements, strike, embargo, labor disputes, acts of civil or military 
authority, war, acts of God, acts or omissions of carriers or suppliers, acts of regulatory or governmental agencies, or other causes 
beyond such party's reasonable control, whether or not similar to the foregoing, except that Customer's obligation to pay for charges 
incurred for Services received by Customer shall not be excused. 
Termination:  If a party fails to perform or observe any material term or condition of this Renewal Agreement and the failure 
continues unremedied for thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice, (i) the other party may terminate for cause the services 
provided in any Attachment affected by the breach, or (ii) where the failure is a non-payment by Customer of any charge when due, 
Company may, at its option, terminate the services provided in any Attachment(s), suspend Service under affected Attachment(s), 
require a deposit under any or all Attachments as a condition of continuing to provide Services and/or terminate this entire Renewal 
Agreement. Services provided under this Renewal Agreement may be terminated immediately upon written notice if the other 
party, becomes insolvent or involved in a liquidation or termination of its business, files a bankruptcy petition, has an involuntary 
bankruptcy petition filed against it (if not dismissed within thirty (30) days of filing), becomes adjudicated bankrupt, or makes an 
assignment for the benefit of its creditors. If service is terminated prior to the expiration of the initial 24-month period of this 
Renewal Agreement. termination liability charges are applicable for the remaining portion of the 24-month period, whether the 
service is used or not. The termination liability is calculated by subtracting payments made from the sum of 24 months recurring 
charges plus the installation charge. 
When Customer cancels an order for installation of service, a Cancellation Charge will apply as follows: 
(I) If the cancellation occurs within 30 days after the date this Renewal Agreement is signed, Customer shall pay 50% of the 
good faith deposit. 
(2) If the cancellation occurs more than 30 days after the date this Renewal Agreement is signed, Customer shall pay 100% of 
the good faith deposit. 
Notice: Any notice required under this Renewal Agreement shall be provided in writing by first class mail, return receipt requested, 
by overnight delivery requiring a signature to the following addresses, or by facsimile, with telephonic confirmation: If to 
Company: Viya, Attention: VP of Sales, 4611 Tutu Park, Suite 200, St. Thomas, USVI 00802 or fax to (340) 774.2555. If to 
Customer: 
Little St. James LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarters 
B4 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Miscellaneous:
(a) Any supplement. modification or waiver of any provision of this Renewal Agreement must be in writing and signed by 
authorized representatives of both parties. A waiver by either party of any breach of this Renewal Agreement shall not 
Page 2 
EFTA00807183
--- PAGE 3 ---
Viya 
operate as a waiver of any other br
h:ofilus Kenewal Agreement. 
(b) This Renewal Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other, except that 
either party may, without the other party's consent, assign this Renewal Agreement or any Attachment to a present or 
future Affiliate or successor, provided that any such assignment by Customer shall be contingent upon Company 
determining the assignee to be creditworthy and in compliance with any eligibility criteria for the Services. Company may 
subcontract work to be performed under this Renewal Agreement, but shall retain responsibility for all such work. 
(c) If any portion of this Renewal Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in 
effect and the parties shall promptly begin negotiations to replace invalid or unenforceable portions that are essential parts 
of this Renewal Agreement. 
(d) This Renewal Agreement creates an independent contractor relationship between the parties and neither party's employees 
or contractors shall be considered employees, contractors, partners or agents of the other party. 
(e) This Renewal Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Territory of the United States Virgin Islands, regardless of 
any conflict of laws. Any dispute relating to this Renewal Agreement shall be submitted for binding arbitration under the 
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration association and judgment on any ward entered therein may be 
entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any cause of action Customer may have with respect to the Service must be 
commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. 
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED: 
The Virgin Islands Telephone Corporation 
Little St. James LLC 
By: 
By: 
Authorized Signature 
Date 
Authorized Signature 
Date 
Edward H. Koerhuis 
Print Name 
Print Name 
Page 3 
EFTA00807184

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807185.pdf
----------------------------------------
Renting Rates 2017 
Taxes not included 
Spaces provided : 15 suites for 2 guests, lounges, dining room, kitchen 
(only by a referenced Chef), TV lounge, Massage hall, pool, gardens and 
helicopter pads. 
Chambres Excellence 
Suite du Château 
Orangeraie 
Da Vinci 
Chambres Prestige 
Romeo Juliette 
Suite de la Tour 
Cocteau 
Chambres Luxe 
Clocher 
Adele 
Bergame 
Sienne 
Veronese Renaissance 
Chambres Classiques 
Abbe 
I 
Faune 
I Fragonard I 
Cloitre 
Chambres Standard 
Cygne 
Carmella 
Number 
of 
weeks 
April and 
November 
May and 
October 
June and 
September 
July 
and 
August 
week 
000€ 
000E 
000 € 
100 000 
€ 
weeks 
120 000€ 
140 000E 
160 000 € 
180 000 
€ 
weeks 
180 000€ 
200 000 € 
220 000E 
240 000 
€ 
weeks 
220 000E 
240 000 € 
260 000E 
300 000 
EFTA00807185
--- PAGE 2 ---
Staff and services included 
Daily cleaning for suites and reception halls. 
&gages porters for arrivals and departures of the guests. 
Dinnerware, tablecloths and bed, bath and pool linen included for residents. 
Compulsory conditions not included 
Chef: it is agreed that a referenced Chef has to be present for any meal 
consumed in the Château by the residents. The menus and the food's purchases 
will be directly agreed between the customers and the Chef. 
Waiters : one or two waiters have to be present for any meal taken in the château 
by the residents, as well as for any service requests during the day (beverages, 
foods and so on). The waiters are not included in the present quote. 
Kitchen washer : the presence of a kitchen washer is mandatory for any meal 
taken at the Château. The washer is not included in the present quote. 
The copy of a civil liability insurance (for the parties and the residents) has to be 
established. 
The presence of a baby sitters every 2 children under 12 years of age is mandatory 
during the stay of the clients and during the events. 
For the final cleaning and restoration please contact the cleaning company 
CAESAR NETTOYAGE. 
Other conditions 
The dispatching of the suites has to be communicated to the Château at least 15 
days before the event. 
Departures and arrivals of the guests residents have to be communicated to the 
Château at least 15 days before the event. 
Payment terms 
50% of the totality at the signature of the contract, and the 
balance 60 clays before the arrival. 
Deposit 
000 Euros by check to provide one month before the 
event (not cashed) and given back after state of places. 
EFTA00807186
--- PAGE 3 ---
Smoking 
Smoking is allowed only on the outside, close to the 
ashtrays. 
Rooms 
It is forbidden to eat and smoke in the rooms of the 
Château. 
Pressing service 
Not included but possible 
Beautycian 
Not included but possible. 
Day watchman for residents 
Not included but possible. 
EFTA00807187

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807188.pdf
----------------------------------------
JACA St SIERRA 
Testing Laboratories 
—4111.11~ 
Geotechnical Engineers 
June 30, 
30, 2017 
PROPOSAL (225) 
Att: Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Great St. Jim, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St. Thomas, VI 00802-1348 
do: Ms. Daphne Wallace 
Via email: 
Tel: 
RE: 
Proposal for the performance of a geotechnical exploration at the site of the 
proposed pool at Great St. James Island, St. Thomas, USVI. 
Greetings, 
As requested, we are pleased to submit our proposal for the performance of a geotechnical 
exploration at the referenced project. 
Based on the provided information, we propose a total of two (2) test borings within the site 
of the proposed study. Subsurface exploration will be achieved as per ASTM D 1586 using a 
trailer mounted drill rig. Boring depth is estimated to be 15 - 20 ft beneath existing ground 
surface. 
At the completion of both, field and laboratory testing, a report will be submitted containing 
the soil and index properties of the subsoil at the location of the borings, geotechnical 
recommendations for the structure's foundation system and guidelines for earthwork 
operations. 
In case an unexpected subsoil condition is encountered, the owner or representative will be 
notified to obtain an order to proceed with the additional exploration required, and the cost 
will not be exceeded without his approval. 
This proposal considers that work will be performed during regular work hours. 
We shall not be responsible for damages caused to underground structures not shown on 
plans submitted to us. Underground utility clearance is not included in the scope of work 
provided in this proposal. 
Jaca 8 Sierra Engineering, PSC 
PO Box 363116, San Juan, PR 00936-3116 
Road 850 Km 0.2 Las Cuevas Ward, Trujillo Alto, PR 00976 
TEL. 787-761-2570 FAX. 787-748-6970 www.jacasierra.com 
EFTA00807188
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 6 
Great St. James Island, USVI 
PROPOSAL (225) 
June 30, 2017 
JACA & SIERRA 
Testing Laboratories 
—‘111itiMir 
Georechnical Engineers 
The estimated costs for the investigation and engineering report will be as follows: 
Description 
UM 
Units 
Rate 
Cost (US) 
Exploratory Program 
Mobilization and demobilization of drilling 
equipment and crew (SJU-STT) including 
airfare 
lump sum 
$ 3,000.00 
$ 3,000.00 
Drilling in overburden with split spoon 
sampling method 
In. ft. 
$ 35.00 
$ 1,400.00 
Per diem and lodging (including setup days) 
days 
$ 600.00 
$ 1,800.00 
Laboratory Tests 
General laboratory testing (visual/manual 
description, moisture content, spring tests, 
soil classifications) 
lump sum 
$ 900.00 
$ 900.00 
Professional Services 
Engineering time for site visit, coordination, 
boring log description and report preparation lump sum 
$ 5,000.00 
$ 5,000.00 
Subtotal $ 12,100.00 
USVI Gross Receipt Tax (5%) 
$ 605.00 
Total $ 12,705.00 
Payment Terms and Conditions: 
1. An advance commitment fee of $ 5,000.00 is required prior to mobilization of equipment. 
2. The remaining balance of $ 7,705.00 must be paid after conclusion of drilling and before 
submittal of report. 
Notes: 
1. Underground utility clearance is not included in the scope of work. These services can be 
provided using Ground Penetration Radar (GPR) for an additional cost of $2,500.00. This 
cost covers travel expenses, mobilization of equipment, per diem and lodging of the 
personnel performing the GPR survey and the utility clearance at the location of the 
proposed ten boreholes. 
Jaca 8 Sierra Engineering. PSC 
TEL 787-761-2570 
FAX 787-748-6970 
www.jacasierra.com 
EFTA00807189
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 6 
Great St. James Island, USVI 
PROPOSAL (225) 
June 30, 2017 
Equipment Limitations: 
JACA & SIERRA 
Testing Laboratories 
—‘111itialr 
Georechnical Engineers 
1. Soil attenuation may restrict the use of GPR to shallow depths in profiles where clay is 
present. 
2. The GPR Antenna beam width is broad making it difficult for radar to discriminate between 
closely spaced objects. 
3. In disturbed ground the radar may detect the walls of a trench but not the pipe it contains. 
4. Performance is limited by signal scattering in heterogeneous conditions (e.g. presence of 
rocky soils) and responds differently to changes in soil type, density, water content, as well as 
many other buried objects; which can make unique identification of the desired target 
difficult. GPR cannot see through metal plates, fine metal mesh and or pan decking. 
ACCREDITATION STATUS: 
Jaca & Sierra Engineering, PSC in Trujillo Alto, PR is accredited by the AASHTO 
Accreditations Program (AAP) for soil, construction materials and aggregates testing. We 
can provide evidence of status of accreditation with a list of accredited standards, upon 
request. We are also an US Army Corps of Engineers approved soil testing laboratory. Our 
laboratory is AAP compliant with the following general quality standards: 
• 
ASTM D3740: Standard Practice for Minimum Requirements for Agencies Engaged in 
the Testing and/or Inspection of Soil and Rock as Used in Engineering Design and 
Construction 
• 
ASTM E329: Standard Specification for Agencies Engaged in the Testing and/or 
Inspection of Materials Used in Construction 
• 
AASHTO R18: Quality System 
• 
ASTM 1077: CCRL Quality Systems 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS: 
I. 
SCOPE OF WORK 
Jaca & Sierra Engineering. PSC a&S) shall perform the services 
described in this contract and shall invoice the Client at the associated 
unit rates described in this proposal. This estimate is based on the 
assumed schedule, scope of work and documents provided at the time 
this bid was developed. Any changes in the scope or design may result 
in additional fees. J&S will provide additional services under the 
contract, if requested by the Client, and invoice the Client for those 
additional services in accordance with the rates in the contract or at 
rates negotiated at the time of the request of the additional services. 
Services not expressly set forth in witting in the contract are excluded 
from J&S scope of work, and J&S assumes not duty to the Client to 
perform such services or provide professional opinions related to such 
services. 
II. STANDARD OF CARE 
Services performed by J&S under this contract will be conducted in 
accordance with the industry standards and generally accepted 
Jaca 8 Sierra Engineering, PSC 
TEL 787-761-2570 
FAX 787-748-6970 
www.jacasierra.com 
EFTA00807190
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 6 
Great St. James Island, USVI 
PROPOSAL (225) 
June 30, 2017 
professional practices in the same or similar localities related to the 
nature of the work accomplished at the time the services are 
performed. No other warranty, express or implied, is made. 
III. RIGHT TO ENTRY 
The Client shall be fully responsible for obtaining the necessary 
authorization to allow J&S, its agents, subcontractors and 
representatives to have access to the site and buildings thereon, 
including interiors, at reasonable times throughout performance of 
work by J&S. 
J&S will take reasonable precautions to minimize 
damage to the site from use of the equipment, but unavoidable damage 
or alteration to the site prior to conducting the scope of services 
described in this contract. If the site contains wooded land or areas of 
significant undergrowth, J&S will not perform clearing of vegetation 
that could be considered impassable by the individual(s) performing 
the site work, unless otherwise stated in the contract. 
IV. DELAYS IN WORK 
J&S will pursue the work in an efficient and expeditious manner, 
consistent with good quality practices. J&S will not be responsible for 
delays in the work caused by the Client or its agents, consultants, 
contractors or sub contractors. Stand-by or non-productive time for 
delays in J&S's work caused by others will be charged as work time, in 
accordance with the rates in the contract or at rates negotiated at the 
time of the delay. 
V. SAFETY 
J&S is only responsible for the on-site safety of its own employees. 
However, this shall not be conducted to relieve the Client or any of its 
contractors from their responsibilities for maintaining a safe job site. 
Neither the professional activities of J&S, nor the presence of J&S's 
employees, shall be construed to imply J&S has any responsibility for 
the safety of on-site personnel other than J&S employees. 
VI. OWNERSHIP OF DOCUMENTS/RELIANCE 
Client will furnish J&S such reports, data, studies, plans, specifications, 
documents, and other information necessary for proper performance of 
J&S's services. J&S may rely upon documents provided by the Client 
or other third parties in performing the service under this contract; 
however, J&S will not conduct an independent evaluation of the 
accuracy or completeness of such information, and shall not be 
responsible for any errors or omissions contained in such information. 
Unless requested by the Client, J&S will retain the documents provided 
by the Client. Reports, recommendations and other materials resulting 
from J&S's services are intended for the sole use of the Client. The 
Client may provide the reports, recommendations, and other materials 
generated by J&S to outside parties; however, the contests thereof may 
not be used or relied upon by any other party, without the express 
written consent and authorization of J&S. Drawings, sketches, reports 
and other documents, including those in electronic format, which are 
prepared by J&S, are Instruments of Service to which J&S retains the 
exclusive common law, statutory copyright and ownership. As long as 
the Client is not in breach of its obligations pursuant to this proposal or 
agreement J&S grants to the Client a nonexclusive license to use such 
Instruments of Service for the project for which the services are 
rendered and for no other project. J&S will retain all pertinent records 
relating to services performed for a minimum period of 1 year 
following submission of a report, during which period the records will 
be made available to the Client at all reasonable times. 
JACA & SIERRA 
Testing Laboratories 
Ceorethnical Engineers 
Normal report distribution is three (3) copies to the Client. There may 
be a charge if additional report copies are requested, either at the 
original time of completion of the report or after, to cover the costs of 
color copies, shipping and labor (e.g., retrieval of archived files, re-
assembly of reports, copying of report, etc.). The distribution of reports 
to a party other than the Client does not infer reliance on the report by 
that third party, unless expressed in writing by J&S. 
VII. UNAUTHORIZED CHANGES 
In the event the Client, the Client's contractors or subcontractors, or 
anyone for whom the Client is legally liable makes or permits to be 
made any changes to any reports, plans, specifications or other 
construction documents prepared by the Consultant without obtaining 
the Consultant's prior written consent, the Client shall assume full 
responsibility for the results of such changes. Therefore the Client 
agrees to waive any claim against the Consultant and to release the 
Consultant from any liability arising directly or indirectly from such 
changes. 
In addition, the Client agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to 
indemnify and hold harmless the Consultant from any damages, 
liabilities or costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs of 
defense, arising from such changes. 
In addition, the Client agrees to include in any contracts for 
construction appropriate language that prohibits the Contractor or any 
subcontractors of any tier from making any changes or modifications to 
the Consultant's construction documents without the prior written 
approval of the Consultant and that further requires the Contractor to 
indemnify both the Consultant and the Client from any liability or cost 
arising from such changes made without such proper authorization. 
VIII. CONSTRUCTION OBSERVATION 
The Consultant shall visit the site at intervals appropriate to the stage 
of construction, or as otherwise agreed to in writing by the Client and 
the Consultant, in order to observe the progress of the Work completed 
by the Contractor. Such visits and observation are not intended to be 
an exhaustive check or a detailed inspection of the Contractor's work 
but rather are to allow the Consultant, as an experienced professional, 
to become generally familiar with the Work in progress and to 
determine, in general, if the Work is proceeding in accordance with the 
consultant recommendations. Based on this general observation, the 
Consultant shall keep the Client informed about the progress of the 
Work and shall endeavor to guard the Client against deviations of our 
recommendations. If the Client desires more extensive project 
observation or fulltime project representation, the Client shall request 
that such services be provided by the Consultant as Additional 
Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
The 
Consultant shall not inspect, supervise, direct or have control over the 
Contractor's work nor have any responsibility for the construction 
means, methods, techniques, sequences or procedures selected by the 
Contractor nor for the Contractor's safety precautions or programs in 
connection with the Work These rights and responsibilities are solely 
those of the Contractor. The purpose of the project inspector is to 
assure that the construction is made according to the Plans and 
Specifications; this is not the purpose of the consultant field 
observation. The consultant does not occupy or exercise constructive 
control over the job site. The consultant renders professional opinions, 
an intangible consulting service, for the benefit of the client. The 
Consultant shall not be responsible for any acts or omissions of the 
Jaca 8 Sierra Engineering. PSC 
TEL 787-761-2570 
FAX 787-748-6970 
www.jacasierra.com 
EFTA00807191
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 of 6 
Great St. James Island, USVI 
PROPOSAL (225) 
June 30, 2017 
Contractor, subcontractor, any entity performing any portions of the 
Work, or any agents or employees of any of them. The Consultant does 
not guarantee the performance of the Contractor and shall not be 
responsible for the Contractor's failure to perform its Work in 
accordance with the consultant recommendations or Contract 
Documents, applicable laws, codes, rules or regulations. 
IX. FAILURE TO FOLLOW RECOMMENDATIONS 
J&S will not be held liable for problems that may occur if J&S 
recommendations are not followed or if J&S is instructed not to 
provide recommendations. Accordingly, the Client waives any claim 
against J&S, and agrees to defend, indemnify and hold J&S harmless 
from any claim or liability for injury or loss, including attorney's fees, 
that results from failure to implement J&S's recommendations, or from 
implementation of J&S's recommendations in a manner that is not in 
strict accordance with them, or from the use/reliance of a report which 
did not include recommendations, per the request of the Client. The 
Client also agrees to compensate J&S for any time spent and expresses, 
including attorney's fees, incurred by J&S in defense of any such claim, 
with such compensation to be based upon J&S's prevailing fee 
schedule and expense reimbursement policy. 
X. 
STATUTES OF REPOSE AND LIMITATION 
All legal causes of action between the parties to this Agrcainent shall 
accrue and any applicable statutes of repose or limitation shall begin to 
run not later than the date of Substantial Completion. The substantial 
completion is the geotechnical report date. If the act or failure to act 
complained of occurs after the date of Substantial Completion, then the 
date of final completion shall be used, but in no event shall any statute 
of repose or limitation begin to run any later than the date the 
Consultant's services are completed or terminated. 
Xl. INSURANCE/GENERAL LIABILITY 
J&S represents and warrants that it and its agents, staff, and 
consultants are protected by workers' compensation insurance, and 
that J&S has such coverage under public liability and property damage 
insurance policies, which J&S deems to be adequate. Certificates for all 
such policies of insurance shall be provided to the Client upon request 
in writing. J&S shall not be responsible for any loss, damage or liability 
arising from acts by the Client, its agents, staff and other consultants 
employed by the Client. 
XR. INDEMNIFICATION 
In addition, and notwithstanding any other provisions of this 
Agreement, the Client agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to 
indemnify and hold harmless the Consultant, its officers, directors, 
employees and subconsultants (collectively, Consultant) against all 
damages, liabilities or costs including reasonable attorney? fees and 
defense costs, arising out of or in any way connected with this Project 
or the performance by any of the parties above named of the services 
under this Agreement, excepting only those damages, liabilities or 
costs attributable to the negligent acts or negligent failure to act by the 
Consultant. 
XIII. CONFIDENTIALITY 
The findings of the project and any information provided to J&S will be 
kept confidential, except to the extent that revelation is required by 
state or federal regulations. In such case, J&S would contact the Client 
prior to notification to any regulatory agency. In the event of receipt of 
a subpoena for the records pertaining to the project, J&S will release 
JACA & SIERRA 
Testing Laboratories 
Geotethnical Engineers 
the documents in accordance with the subpoena, but will notify the 
Client that the documents are being released. Any associate copying 
and labor fees will be billed to the Client. If the Client claims that an 
attorney-client or work product privilege exists with respect to the 
documents, it is the responsibility of the Client and its legal counsel to 
file any necessary motions with the court system and provide J&S with 
a copy of the approve ruling that a privilege does exist and that the 
documents do not have to be released. 
XIV. SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
The Client and J&S agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
J&S shall not be liable to Client for any special, indirect or 
consequential damages whatsoever, whether caused by J&S 
negligence, errors, omissions, strict liability, breach of contract, breach 
of warranty or other cause or causes whatsoever. 
XV. CONFLICTS 
Should any element of these General Terms and Conditions be deemed 
in conflict with any element of the contract, unless the contract clearly 
voids the conflicting element in the General Terms and Conditions, 
wording of the General Terms and Conditions shall govern. Any 
element of this agreement later held to violate a law or regulation shall 
be deemed void, but all remaining provisions shall continue in force. 
XVI. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
Claims, disputes or other matters in controversy between the parties 
arising out of or relating to this agreement or breach thereof which 
involve, either individually or in the aggregate, monetary claims less 
than or equal to fifty thousand dollars ($50,000.00), shall be subjected 
to and decided by arbitration in accordance with the Construction 
Industry Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association 
currently in effect. Claims in excess of such amount shall be subjected 
to litigation in a court of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth 
of Puerto Rico. 
XVII. 
ASSIGNMENT 
Neither the Client nor J&S may delegate, assign, sublet or transfer its 
duties or interest in this contract without the written consent of the 
other party. 
XVIII. 
TERMINATION 
Either party may terminate this contract by seven (7) days written 
notice in the event of substantial failure to perform in accordance with 
the terms of the contract by the other party though no fault of the 
terminating party. If this contract is terminated, it is agreed that J&S 
shall be paid for total charges for labor performed to the termination 
notice date plus reimbursable charges. 
XIX. GOVERNING LAW 
The terms and conditions of this contract are to be governed by the 
laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
XX. CLAIMS AGAINST J&S 
If the Client asserts a claim against JecS but fails to prove such claim, 
the Client shall pay all costs incurred by J&S including counsel and 
expert fees, in the defense of such action. Any liability on the part of 
J&S with others shall be joint and not several. 
Jaca & Sierra Engineering. PSC 
TEL 787-761-2570 
FAX 787-748-6970 
www.jacasierra.com 
EFTA00807192
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 of 6 
Great St. James Island, USVI 
PROPOSAL (225) 
June 30,2017 
XXI. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY 
In order to obtain the benefit of a lower fee from consultant, among 
other benefits, the owner agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted by 
law, consultant's total liability to owner is limited to $50,000.00 for any 
and all injuries, damages, claims, losses, expenses, or claim expenses 
(including, attorneys fees) arising out of this agreement from any 
cause or causes. 
Such causes include, but are not limited to, 
JACA $ SIERRA 
Testing Laboratories 
—War 
Geotethnical Engineers 
consultant's negligence, errors, omissions, negligent misrepresentation, 
strict liability, breach of contract, or breach of warranty. 
XXII. 
UNPAID BALANCES 
Any unpaid balances for other than disputed charges will draw 
interest at the lesser of one and one-half percent per month or the 
highest rate allowed by law commencing thirty days after date of 
invoice. 
We wish to thank you very much for the opportunity of submitting our proposal for the 
performance of the above described work. 
Respectfully submitted, 
JACA & SIERRA ENGINEERING, PSC 
Manu9f E. Candelario Cosme, MSCE, PE 
Geotecnice! Engineer 
Please return a signed copy if in agreement with fees, terms and conditions 
Signed 
Name Print: 
Contact person 
for billing: 
Email:  
Phone: 
Phone (2): 
Date 
Fax: 
Billing Address: 
Jaca 8 Sierra Engineering. PSC 
TEL 787-761-2570 
FAX 787-748-6970 
www.jacasierra.com 
EFTA00807193

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807194.pdf
----------------------------------------
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
July 31, 2018 
VIA ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Dr. Lawrence Krauss 
School of Earth & Space Exploration 
Arizona State University 
Re: 
Notice of Non-renewal 
Dear Dr. Krauss: 
I am writing to address the status of two appointments that you have previously held. 
By letter dated November 21, 2014 (enclosed) from former Provost, Robert Page, you were informed 
that your Foundation Professorship appointment would extend through 2017.2018 and would then be 
considered for renewal. That appointment term and annual stipend expired at the conclusion of 
AY2018. A new appointment as Foundation Professor will not be extended to you. 
Additionally, your annual administrative appointment as Director of the Origins Project will not be 
renewed for the upcoming academic year. Please refrain from using that title as well as the Foundation 
Professor title going forward in any of your communications, webpages or CVs in the current tense. You 
may certainly reflect those titles for the time frame that they have been held (i.e., 2008.2018). 
Sincerely, 
rk Searle 
Executive Vice President and University Provost 
Enclosures: 
April 15, 2008 letter 
November 21, 2014 letter 
c: 
Personnel file 
Patrick Kenney, Dean 
Lindy Elkins-Tanton, Director 
OFFICE OF THE EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND PROVOST 
OF THE UNIVERSITY 
300 EAST UNIVERSITY DRIVE 
EFTA00807194
--- PAGE 2 ---
i(Jecre,d 
COLLEGE if 
DBE FtAL AFtTS 
 &SCIENCES 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
April 15, 2008 
Lawrence M Krauss, Ph D 
Case Western Reserve University 
Physics Department 
10900 Euclid Ave 
Cleveland, OH 44106-7079 
Dew Lawrence: 
On behalf of Arizona State University and the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences we are pleased to 
offer you an appointment as Professor al a salary of 8210,000 for the 2008-2009 academic year, which 
wilt begin August 16. 2008 and end May 15, 2009 This is a full-time, tenured appointment Your tenure 
home will be In the School of Earth and Space Exploration and you will report to the University Vice 
President and Dean of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences through the Dean of Natural Sciences 
Additional terms and conditions of your offer include: 
• 
Arizona State University will name you a Foundation Professor 
• 
Arizona State University will provide you with 87,000 per year in research funds annually for five 
years with the possibility of renewal 
• 
As a tenured faculty member in the School of Earth and Space Exploration (SESE) in the College 
of Liberal Arts and Sciences, your Initial workload will be distributed among SESE, the 
Department of Physics and BEYOND: Center for Fundamental Concepts In Sciences The 
distribution of that effort wit: be negotiated with the Dean and can be adjusted annually and when 
new centers and institutes are created 
You will serve on the executive committee of the recently created Cosmology Initiative which has 
a commitment from the University of five faculty positions In cosmology and one staff position 
The executive committee will oversee the directions of the initiative that may include the creation 
of a Cosmology Center 
• 
You will be provided office and laboratory space Arizona State University is committed to co-
locating faculty with overlapping research interests, as well as their support staff 
• 
You will work with others at Arizona State University to develop an Origins Institute The 
expectation is that this will be established within one year Once established you will be appointed 
Director It is intended that this appointment will be renewed annually for five years Annual 
renewal is based upon satisfactory performance You may be considered for reappointment for 
another five years at the end of the first five-year cycle As Director, Arizona State University will 
provide you one month of summer salary per year (119 of your academic year salary), in addition 
to any other summer support provided during your transition to ASU 
• 
You will be expected to teach one course per year and occasional seminars of your choice If 
your research, outreach, and administrative duties decrease, your teaching load may increase as 
determined by the Dean of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences You will not be expected to 
teach during the first year, to give you sufficient time to transition your research program to ASU 
and establish the Origins Institute 
Office of the vice President and Dean 
Fulton Center, Suit* 145 300 Cut Onlvenity Delve 
1111.1.5 
ttp:/tnnvw asu eduklas 
if
EFTA00807195
--- PAGE 3 ---
Arizona State University will provide you with research start-up funds totaling $750,000 to Initiate 
your research program here These funds can be used in ways that appropriately support your 
research efforts, including graduate students, computer equipment lab equipment, travel. etc 
These funds must be expended by June 30, 2013 Please work with the college staff regarding 
university policies and procedures governing the use of these funds.
Arizona State University will provide you up to $50,300 a year to support the hire and salary of a 
staff member (e g executive assistant) who will be located dose to your office. If your research, 
outreach, and administrative duties decrease. this staff member may be reassigned all or in part 
as determined by the Dean of the College of Liberal Ms and Sciences 
• 
Arizona State University will provide support centrally for media and outreach 
Arizona State University will provide you two months of summer salary (1,9 of your academic 
year salary per month) for the fest two academic years of your appointment This will be in 
addition to the one month of summer support as Director of the Origins Institute 
• 
Arizona State University will provide you a monthly stipend of $37,000 per month beginning April 
16, 2008 and continuing through August 15, 2008 as a consulting fee for assistance provided to 
the university During that time, you will be expected to develop a plan for the Origins Institute at 
ASU; develop a plan for hosting the Origins Symposium at ASU, including the fundraising efforts 
needed to support the symposium; begin work on the Cosmology Initiative; and initiate the 
transfer of your research program to ASU Arizona State University will also support three trips to 
ASU between now and August 18, 2008 to support your consulting duties 
• 
If your fund raising efforts do not fully achieve the goal necessary to host the Origins Symposium 
in 2009, Arizona State University will provide the balance up to $300,000 
• 
Arizona State University will reimburse you for receipted moving expenses Please work with the 
college staff regarding relevant university policies and procedures to ensure prompt 
reimbursement 
• All offers of employment are contingent upon the successful outcome (as determined by the 
university) of the pre-employment screening activities. Including a criminal history check (or a 
fingerprint check), under Arizona Board of Regents policy 8-709 
• 
Please note that new employees are not eligible for any salary increases before the fiscal year 
(July 1 - June 30) that begins after the initial date of appointment, unless specifically deemed 
eligible by the Arizona Board of Regents or the University 
Your appointment Is subject to the Arizona Board of Regents Conditions of FacuilY_Service and certain 
policies from the ASU 
en
gSMir
f
(pg
d
edure
ni (commonly known as tho ACO 
Manual) These documents are available online at hdo:/Avww.asu.edu/aad/maoua!
In accord with ASU policy, all new faculty members need to arrange for the university from which they 
received their terminal degree to send to ASU an official transcript indicating the terminal degree and 
bearing the official seal of the university or college from which it is sent Please have your transcript sent 
directly to: 
Brian Richardson 
Arizona State University 
Office of the Executive Vice President and Provost of the University 
EFTA00807196
--- PAGE 4 ---
P 0 Box 877805 
Tempe. AZ 85287-7805 
ASU policy also prohibits tenured and tenure track faculty members from holding tenure or a tenure-track 
appointment at another institution and at ASU simultaneously Therefore you will need to send us. before 
the start date of your ASU appointment, a copy of your letter o' resignation from your current position 
Please send this copy to: 
Gabriel Escontrias, Jr. 
Arizona State University 
College of Liberal Ms and Sciences 
P 0 Box 878505 
Tempe, AZ 85287-6505 
Please plan to attend an orientation session provided for new ASU employees The Office of Human 
Resources' new employee orientation Is designed to acquaint new benefits eligible employees with ASU, 
provide onsite sign up for services, and provide Informadon about major benefits such as health 
insurance and retirement plans 
In addition, in compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1988, Arizona State University 
must verify the etigisillty of new employees to work In the United States The Office of Human Resources 
requires documentation before you can be paid For more inforrnatbn, and to register for an orientation 
session, please go to htto://www.asu.eduihrinew enioioyeeicheckfisthtml or cell (480) 985.2701 
This offer will remain open until April 30. 2008 If you accept this offer, please sign and date this letter and 
',alum the original to the Dean's Office by the date specified above A pre-addressed envelope is 
enclosed We join the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences faculty in hoping you will accept our offer 
Sincerely. 
Ski P Bacon, Dean of Natural Sciences 
College of LiberalArts and Sciences 
4ae
Man F J Artiblee, Executive Dean 
College of Liberal Arts and Sciences 
Mark S Searle 
Vice President for Academic Personnel 
hell Eget 
Date 
EFTA00807197
--- PAGE 5 ---
AltI/ON 
UNIVI ItSITY 
November 21, 2014 
Lawrence Krauss 
School of Earth and Space Exploration 
Arizona State University 
Dear Lawrence, 
This letter serves to confirm our recent conversations regarding funding commitments related to your appointment at ASU. 
1) 
As Director of the Origins Project, you will report to me. 
2) 
Each year you continue to serve as Director of the Origins Project, you will receive three montns of summer salary one month 
of summer salary is provided by CLAS, and two months of summer salary are provided by the Provost's Office. 
3) Effective with the current fiscal year WY 15), you will begin to receive 515,000 in annual funding for your MU Foundation 
Professorship. Foundation Professorships are reviewed for renewal every five years. Your Foundation Professorship will be 
reviewed for renewal in AY 2017-2018. If the review is successful, this appointment will be renewed for a new five-year term 
beginning AY 2018-2019. 
4) 
You will continue to receive 57,000 in research funding provided by the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences (CLAS), subject to 
annual review by the Dean of Natural Sciences. 
5) You may use some of the funding described In 43 and 44 for reimbursement of travel expenses related to your responsiblitles 
at MU, including travel from your home in Portland to MU, as necessary. Please note that some or all of this type of travel 
reimbursement may be taxable as income by the IRS. 
To acknowledge your agreement to these terms, please sign and date this letter, and return a copy to my office by December 15, 2014. 
Sincerely, 
Robert E. Page, Jr. 
University Provost 
Accepted: 
01.
0. Warr 
0•0411.11•110 Stiovi pa 
ft .TIP7f..1.10/04104.lot 
•••••••••••••÷. ainade.,  NNW. 
goln.therbovalt•IIAW.4•• 
.M4 
Lawrence Krauss 
Date 
C. 
Pat Kenney, Vice Provost and Dean, College of Liberal Arts and Sciences 
Ferran Garcia-Pichel, Dean of Natural Sciences, College of Liberal Ails and Sciences 
Barry Ritchie, Vice Provost, Academic Personnel 
Teresa Bales, Assistant Dean for Budget and Finance, College of Liberal Arts and Sciences 
Chelsea Tyrrell, Executive Director, Provost Office Operations 
Office of tin Univisrsity Provost 
3G0 Cara Liorieisily NY* 
MID% 000).11Si 410.I Vow 
EFTA00807198

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807199.pdf
----------------------------------------
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
July 31, 2018 
VIA ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Or. Lawrence Krauss 
School of Earth & Space Exploration 
Arizona State University 
Dear Dr. Krauss: 
The Determinations on the harassment complaints filed against you are enclosed. I received two 
investigative reports from the Office of Equity and Inclusion. Each investigation found that certain of 
your actions violated the University's policy on Prohibition against Discrimination, Harassment or 
Retaliation (ACD 401) and the University's policy on Code of Ethics (ACD 204-01). 
Your behavior as found in the determinations is unprofessional, reflects a failure of leadership and is 
extremely disappointing. I have referred these determinations to the Dean of the College of Liberal Arts 
and Sciences for appropriate responsive action. You will hear directly from him. 
All parties who make complaints or participate In an investigation are protected from retaliation. If you 
have any concern related to retaliation, please report it to the Office of Equity and Inclusion 
immediately. A link to the policy prohibiting retaliation is included here. 
httos://www.asu.eduhadimanualsiacdiacd401,html 
Sincerely, 
ark Sea 
Executive ice President and University Provost 
Enclosures: 
Determinations 
ACD 401 (revised 5/23/2016) 
ACD 401 (revised 3/1/2015) 
ACD 401 (revised 7/1/2011) 
ACD 401 (revised 6/8/2007) 
ACD 204-01 (revised 7/1/2011) 
OFFICE OF THE EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND PROVOST 
OF THE UNIVERSITY 
300 EAST UNIVERSITY DRIVE 
M... 277211S T.m.0 
A7 CIC107 7011 
EFTA00807199
--- PAGE 2 ---
July 31, 2018 
DETERMINATION OF COMPLAINT OF VIOLATION OF ACD 401 
The Office of Equity and Inclusion (OEI) is charged with the responsibility for investigating potential 
violations of the University's policies prohibiting discrimination, harassment and retaliation, ACD 401: 
Prohibition Against Discrimination, Harassment and Retaliation 
https://www.asu.edaaadimanualsiaccliacd401.html. OEI received a complaint from an external party 
(Reporting Party) that a male professor (Respondent) had touched the breast of another female 
attendee at a convention while the female was taking a selfie photograph of the two. 
Pursuant to the Complaint and Investigation Procedure, P20, 
MtPasu.edapolicies/Drocedures/p20, OEI initially opened an inquiry into this allegation in 
July 2017. OEI concluded at that time that there was insufficient evidence to find that any violation of 
ACD 401 had occurred. OEI re-opened its review of this allegation in February 2018, because new 
witnesses to the alleged underlying event were identified. The Provost has reviewed the investigation 
conducted by OEI and concurs with its conclusion, using the preponderance of the evidence standard, 
that the Respondent's conducted violated ACD 401. Responsive action will be taken. 
The Incident occurred on November 26, 2016, while the Respondent was attending an overseas 
convention for which he was an invited speaker. The University funded Respondent's airfare travel from 
Canberra to Melbourne, Australia where the convention was held and Respondent received per diem 
reimbursement on the day of the incident, the prior day and the subsequent day. 
The incident occurred during a gala reception and dinner at the end of the first day of the convention. 
Respondent had given his presentation during the first day. An unnamed female asked to take a selfie 
photograph with the Respondent. The photo shows the Respondent's right arm and hand coming over 
the female's shoulder but his hand is in mid-air. The female told OEI, that after the photo was taken the 
Respondent grabbed her right breast with his right hand. She reported that she immediately addressed 
it on the spot with the Respondent to let him know that she was not okay with his action. According to 
the female, the Respondent told her "Don't post that to Facebook." The Respondent, however, denied 
having touched the female's breast and denied making the statement about Facebook. When looking at 
the redacted photograph) Respondent tried to recall why his arm would have been raised. He 
suggested that perhaps 
begun to lose her balance while taking the photograph and. touched 
her arm to help steady her. Alternatively, the Respondent suggested that his hand might have been 
raised to protect his eyes from an anticipated flash of the camera. 
I accept the finding of OEI that Respondent did grab the right breast of the woman in the photograph 
based upon the consistent information provided by the female involved in the incident, two guests at 
the gala reception and dinner who actually witnessed the incident as it occurred from a respective 
The Reporting Party provided OEI with a redacted photograph in July 2017. The Reporting Party had been 
given permission to share the photograph with OEI by the woman who had taken the selfie, so long as the 
woman's face was first redacted so as to remain anonymous. 
EFTA00807200
--- PAGE 3 ---
distance of 20 feet and 10 to 15 feet, and two other guests who did not witness the incident but who 
were individually told about the incident by the unnamed female in the photograph the evening the 
incident occurred. The two witnesses who directly witnessed the incident did not observe the woman 
being unsteady on her feet. One described the female as body checking the Respondent after the 
touching occurred. The second individual observed the female react with shock and physically move 
away from the Respondent. One of these witnesses, the Reporting Party, spoke with the unnamed 
woman after the media outlet story ran and she asked the unnamed woman about the Respondent's 
quoted statement that he often puts his hand up in front of a camera if the flash on the camera is being 
used. The Reporting Party stated that the unnamed woman had said that the phone that she owned at 
the time did not have the capability for a flash when using the front facing camera in "selfie" mode, 
however, I note that OEI's report does not indicate whether Respondent was aware of that information. 
While Respondent may from time to time raise his hand to shield his eyes from a camera flash, I do not 
find that explanation persuasive against the weight of the evidence from the other witness statements. 
I also note that one attendee who witnessed the conduct and two attendees who directly heard from 
the female about the conduct respectively described her demeanor after the incident as being "annoyed 
or distracted," "frazzled and troubled," and "shocked." 
The female involved in the incident did not make a report to the convention organizers about the 
incident and declined to participate in OEI's initial review of the matter or to speak to the media outlet. 
When she did speak with OEI in March 2018, she stated the information described above and also that 
she did not feel victimized, felt it was a clumsy interpersonal interaction and thought she had handled it 
in the moment. She had not wanted her friend to make a report of it. She also stated to the OEI 
investigator that the incident did not merit the man losing his career. 
In the course of discussing the foregoing incident with OEI, the Reporting Party also commented on a 
second matter in which she felt Respondent had made an inappropriate comment.2 I do not find that 
the preponderance of the evidence substantiates an ACD 401 policy violation on this unrelated matter. 
It is the policy of ASU to provide an environment free of discrimination, harassment or retaliation for the 
entire university community and the University expressly prohibits discrimination, harassment or 
retaliation by its employees. ACD 401 provides that "inappropriate conduct need not raise to the level 
of a violation of federal or state law to constitute a violation of this policy and to warrant disciplinary 
action." ACD 401 defines sexual harassment as "unwelcome behavior or conduct of a sexual nature 
The Reporting Party stated that the Respondent joined a photograph with her and another female 
attendee at a convention while making a comment about "girl on girl action." There are two photographs of this 
matter — the first one depicts the Reporting Party and the other attendee who has a lipstick kiss on her left cheek 
and whose right arm is shown extending outward but is cut off by the frame of the photograph. The second 
photograph depicts Respondent joining the two women. I do not agree that he "photobombed" the picture as OEI 
concluded. The woman with the lipstick kiss on her cheek is smiling similarly in both photos and she has her right 
arm around Respondent. The Reporting Party has a slightly different look on her face but I don't find that it is an 
intentional grimace, as the Reporting Party stated. It is Just as likely a bad photograph of the Reporting Party. 
Respondent denied making the alleged comment. The other female attendee in the photo had no specific 
recollection of anything being said by the Respondent. She did recall, however, the Reporting Party making a 
throw away comment of how she could not stand Respondent/didn't like him. To the extent that the Reporting 
Party's expression purposefully changed, that is another possible reason for it. 
EFTA00807201
--- PAGE 4 ---
(Including unwelcome sexual advances or activity), which is sufficiently severe or pervasive as to create 
an intimidating, hostile, or offensive environment for academic pursuits, employment, or participation 
in university-sponsored programs or activities." 
In this case, the University provided funding support for Respondent, in the form of in•country airfare 
and per diem reimbursements, as he was an invited speaker at the convention hosted by a third party. 
While the female who was the subject of the non-consensual touching was not a student or employee of 
the University, she was an attendee at an academic conference at which the Respondent, as a 
representative of the University, was a featured speaker. The inappropriate behavior was also 
witnessed by other conference attendees. The evidence supports the conclusion that Respondent's 
conduct created an offensive environment for academic pursuits by the unnamed female attendee as 
well as other conference attendees. Respondent's conduct also violates the Code of Ethics (ACD 204-01) 
which requires a faculty member "[t]o conduct one's public and private lives so as to avoid bringing 
dishonor to oneself and the university" under Responsibilities to the Community and to not engage in 
"(h)arassment as explained in ... and ACD 401, 'Nondiscrimination, Anti-Harassment, and 
Nonretaliation" under Responsibilities to Research, scholarship, and/or Creative Activities. 
Responsive action will be taken to prevent a recurrence of this conduct. 
This Determination concludes the complaint review process. 
EFTA00807202
--- PAGE 5 ---
July 31, 2018 
DETERMINATION OF COMPLAINT OF VIOLATION OF ACD 401 
The Office of Equity and Inclusion (OEI) is charged with the responsibility for investigating potential 
violations of the University's policies prohibiting discrimination, harassment and retaliation, ACD 401: 
Prohibition Against Discrimination, Harassment and Retaliation 
https://www.asu.edu/aad/manuals/acd/acd401.html. OEI was asked by the Title IX Coordinator to 
undertake an investigation into allegations of misconduct against a male professor (Respondent) about 
whom a media outlet informed the University it intended to publish an upcoming story. The described 
allegations were from current and former employees of The Origins Project led by the Respondent. 
In accordance with ACD 401 and its accompanying Complaint and Investigative Procedure, P20 
https://provost.asu.edu/policies/procedures/p20, OEI opened an investigation to address these 
allegations. While the Investigation was pending, interim measures were put into place for Respondent 
for the purpose of enabling the investigation to proceed without concern by either the Respondent or 
by participating witnesses of any allegation of retaliation. The Provost has reviewed the investigation 
conducted by OEI and concurs with some of its conclusions, using the preponderance of the evidence 
standard, that certain of Respondent's conduct violated ACD 401. Responsive action will be taken. 
Allegations of Inappropriate Comments and/or Conduct 
In December 2017, the University became aware that a media outlet was preparing an article claiming 
that the Respondent had engaged In sexual harassment, including towards staff members in The Origins 
Project. The University requested that the media outlet provide OEI with information from the 
individuals whom it would be quoting in the forthcoming article, but the media outlet declined to 
provide the University with any information. Following the publication of the media outlet story on 
February 22, 2018, OEI learned the names of former staff members who were expressing concerns. 
According to the article, the allegations of inappropriate comments and conduct occurred in the context 
of the Respondent's duties as director of The Origins Project. The witnesses identified in the article 
included current and prior employees of The Origins Project. None of these employees had previously 
made an internal complaint to the Office of Equity and Inclusion about the Respondent's conduct. 
Additionally following the appearance of the media outlet story, third parties outside of the University 
also contacted OEI to report experiences with Respondent that they felt were inappropriate or 
unprofessional. 
The allegations covered a relatively broad span of time from 2009 through 2016 and thus were 
considered by OEI under the applicable terms of ACD 401 as were in place at the pertinent time. These 
Included the 2015 version, the 2011 version and the 2007 version. 
The comments and/or conduct fell into the following three categories: (1) complained of comments 
about which OEI determined that there was insufficient evidence to show that such comments had been 
made; (2) complained of conduct by Respondent that OEI determined had occurred but even so, such 
conduct did not constitute a violation of ACD 401; and (3) complained of comments or conduct of a 
sexual nature by the Respondent in the workplace, and at events attended by Respondent when his 
EFTA00807203
--- PAGE 6 ---
attendance was funded by the University that OEI determined had been made or had occurred and that 
constituted a violation of ACD 401. 
I accept the findings of OEI with respect to the first two categories noted above. 
The focus of this Determination will be on the third category - complained of comments or conduct of a 
sexual nature by the Respondent in the workplace and at events attended by Respondent when his 
attendance was funded by the University. The most significant of these allegations, which I find to be 
substantiated by a preponderance of the evidence, are: 
• Sometime in June 2009, while discussing a female's potential involvement/employment with 
The Origins Project, Respondent propositioned her for a threesome. Respondent acknowledged 
that this conversation occurred but characterized it as a joke. He was uncertain whether it 
occurred In relation to their discussing her prospective involvement at the University. The 
female did join ASU in 2010 for a one year appointment. While the female was employed at 
ASU, she disclosed that this conversation had occurred to the university staff member who was 
her supervisor. The supervisor stated that the female described her reaction to the comment as 
being "aghast, that it was weird, said no, and that was that." 
• 
Respondent intentionally touched the thigh of a female attendee at an academic conference in 
2011 (Denkfest). The University paid for a portion of Respondent's expenditures on this trip 
where he was an invited speaker. The female attendee did not participate in OEI's investigation 
other than to forward a link to a video she had posted on YouTube describing the incident. This 
video was posted by the female attendee on March 16, 2018. In the video, she states that she 
and Respondent were waiting in line to get a drink from the bar when he "then reaches down 
and grabs the bottom of my mini dress, which, by the way, was short." The black mini dress 
worn by the woman displayed galaxies as part of its pattern. The female described 
Respondent's conduct as placing the back of his hand against her upper thigh, he then flipped 
his hand around so that his palm was resting on her thigh. After seeing the posted video on 
YouTube, the Respondent sent the woman a written response stating "if in the process of 
touching — pointing at the galaxy [which was depicted on the dress], if I touched you at all, I 
apologize." 
• In October 2015, at the set-up for an event on campus sponsored by The Origins Project, 
Respondent looked a female student worker "up and down" and told her that he liked her 
attire. The Respondent denied having ever engaged in looking a student worker "up and down." 
He thought it possible that he might have complimented a student worker on his or her attire if 
he thought the attire was not particularly appropriate as an effort to put the student at ease. 
Yet, the student worker felt very uncomfortable by the Respondent's action and comment. Two 
staff members witnessed the exchange and observed the student worker's change in demeanor. 
They immediately approached the student worker to ask if she was okay. The student worker 
stated that she was not and left the site. 
EFTA00807204
--- PAGE 7 ---
I find the foregoing instances of conduct to be grossly unprofessional for a faculty member of this 
institution. It is inconceivable how a faculty member in the course of carrying out his work 
responsibilities could believe that the conduct would ever be appropriate. 
During the course of the Investigation, OR reviewed a variety of statements by Respondent as well as 
other staff members that occurred within the workplace and that were reported by former staff 
members. 
• On one occasion during 2012-2013, Respondent discussed strip clubs with his staff. 
During the fall of 2012, Respondent admitted saying to one of his employees that she should 
"take one for the team" and date a donor who had an interest in her. While the staff member 
to whom the comment was directed did not recall the remark having been made, another staff 
member was offended by the comment. 
• Respondent created and allowed an environment where staff were encouraged to view fan mail 
(letters, emails, social media messages) he received, even if the mail contained sexually explicit 
content, including nude photos and fans propositioning him. 
• In 2013, Respondent discussed his and his employees' sexual desire for a Hollywood 
actor/actress. Respondent noted that although he does not specifically remember the 
conversations, it is "the type of fun conversation that may have happened". 
• Sometime in 2015-2016, after seeing a picture of a transgender female, Respondent stated, "Oh, 
wow. She's hot." 
• 
On February 16, 2016, Respondent told a female attendee at an Origins Event, whom he 
described as a good friend, "get your hot ass over here" and told her "your ass looks great". 
Respondent made this comment in the presence of several staff members, thus It was not a 
private comment. Respondent also discussed with staff how "hot" this female in question was. 
• In April of 2016, Respondent suggested that an employee dress like a hula girl and stand on one 
of the university's malls to advertise an event. 
• Sometime in 2016, Respondent drew and showed staff a hand-drawn cartoon of a person bent 
over with their pants pulled down revealing their bare buttocks. 
• 
Respondent and the Executive Director engaged in conduct towards one another — hugging, 
touching, kissing - in the presence of staff, giving the perception to current and former staff 
members that they were involved in an intimate relationship. The Respondent and Executive 
Director both strongly denied that there was an intimate relationship; rather, they stated that 
hugs and kiss on the check or blowing a kiss via Skype was a form of greeting.' 
OEl referred the concerns over unprofessional conduct under ACD 515/500 205 to the College for further 
review. 
EFTA00807205
--- PAGE 8 ---
Respondent frequently responded to the investigator that "if [a statement] happened, it was a joke" or 
where he acknowledged having made a particular comment that "it was a joke." It is clear from the 
investigation that Respondent fostered a work environment where sexual banter was not uncommon. 
OEI determined that there was sufficient evidence to conclude that these comments created an 
offensive environment for employment for some staff members in Origins. I accept that finding. 
Moreover, I find that Respondent was unprofessional and failed as a leader by contributing to and 
permitting his employees to engage in this behavior and create this type of environment. 
Discrimination Allegations 
As to the several allegations of gender discrimination against Respondent, OEI found certain allegations 
were not substantiated while other allegations were substantiated. 
I accept OEI's determination that there is no evidence to support the allegation that that Respondent 
invited and then disinvited a female scholar to speak at an Origins Project event. 
I accept OEI's determination that there Is no evidence to show that Respondent opposed topics on 
feminism for panel discussions at Origin Project events. 
I accept OEI's determination that there is insufficient evidence to show that Respondent intentionally 
misused gender pronouns. 
One witness complained that Respondent walked out of a public lecture by a female postdoctoral 
scholar before its conclusion. While the Respondent had to leave the lecture before its conclusion, his 
departure was due solely to a conflicting schedule commitment. OEI found and I concur that 
Respondent's departure did not constitute a violation of ACD 401. 
Several witnesses raised a few comments by Respondent concerning gender and gay rights. However, 
those comments were part of discussions about complex issues surrounding gender and the transgender 
and the gay rights movements in the context of planning a gender event. The discussions clearly fall 
within the Respondent's right to academic freedom (ACD 202) and do not violate the institution's 
nondiscrimination policy. 
OEI concluded that there was sufficient evidence to show that Respondent treated individuals 
differently based on sex/gender as evidenced by comments he made In the workplace. Specifically: 
• In September 2016, Respondent commented to staff "she's really got balls" in reference to a 
transgender female guest who was negotiating the terms for her appearance at one of The 
Origins Project's upcoming events. Respondent acknowledged making this statement. 
• 
Over the time frame of 2012-2016, OEI found that Respondent made a number of negative 
comments about pregnancy in the workplace: 
Respondent, prior to a big event, told two staff members that he hoped that they did 
not get pregnant. 
Respondent made negative statements to his employees about maternity leave and the 
impact such leave has on the employer. 
Respondent offered to buy birth control pills for an employee who he had known for 
years and who had shared personal information with him. 
EFTA00807206
--- PAGE 9 ---
Respondent expressed to his employee frustration (stated that it was "a pain in the ass") 
over an employee expressing milk in the workplace because he could not get into an 
office. 
The evidence established that no negative action was ever taken towards staff in The Origins Project 
who actually became pregnant. Respondent stated that any negative comments that he may have made 
about maternity leave were directed towards being critical of the sufficiency of the university's policy 
which did not provide a pool of funds from which temporary employees could be hired. However, 
Respondent's comments left some employees with the impression that taking parental leave would 
negatively impact the workplace. This conduct was contrary to the provisions of ACD 401 (2011 and 
2015 iterations►. 
Alleged Failure to Report 
A stand-alone allegation of failure to report by Respondent was raised by a former employee. She 
stated that a donor to The Origins Project had taken a romantic interest in her and despite her direction 
to him to cease communication with her, she continued to be harassed by him (receiving more than 50 
messages). The employee verbally raised her concern about the donor to both the Respondent and the 
Executive Director of The Origins Project, but noted that it was on a day when Respondent was very 
rushed and only in the office for about 10 minutes. She described Respondent as not really reacting. 
She described the Executive Director as saying "Oh, it's so cute. He has a crush on you." Respondent 
acknowledged that he was aware of the duty to report provision of ACD 401 (2015 iteration). He also 
stated that the staff member had informed him that the donor had asked her out socially but that she 
had told the donor that she was not interested. Respondent denied knowledge of the extensive 
communication by the donor to the staff member and was of the impression that the staff member had 
handled the matter. Neither the Respondent nor the Executive Director referred the concern to OEI. I 
find that the preponderance of the evidence supports OEI's conclusion that the unwanted advances 
were taking place in conjunction with the staff member's work and that the Respondent failed to 
recognize the need to control the environment in which his employees were working and report the 
unwanted contact. 
Conclusion 
It is the policy of MU to provide an environment free of discrimination, harassment or retaliation for the 
entire university community and the University expressly prohibits discrimination, harassment or 
retaliation by its employees. ACD 401 provides that "inappropriate conduct need not raise to the level 
of a violation of federal or state law to constitute a violation of this policy and to warrant disciplinary 
action." ACD 401 defines sexual harassment as "unwelcome behavior or conduct of a sexual nature 
(including unwelcome sexual advances or activity), which is sufficiently severe or pervasive as to create 
an intimidating, hostile, or offensive environment for academic pursuits, employment, or participation 
in university-sponsored programs or activities." The substantiated instances of Respondent's conduct 
described above are contrary to the provisions of our institutional policy and also demonstrate a pattern 
of poor judgment. Of particular concern is that the Respondent's poor judgment was continuously 
displayed over time despite negative reactions from female employees and attendees at academic 
conferences and despite the Respondent having completed the University's workplace training module. 
That conduct also constitutes a violation of the Code of Ethics (ACD 204.01) with respect to 
Responsibilities to the University, Responsibilities to Colleagues and Responsibilities to Research, 
EFTA00807207
--- PAGE 10 ---
Scholarship, and/or Creative Activities. Employees and conference attendees were denied a respectful 
working or learning environment. 
Responsive action will be taken to prevent a recurrence of this conduct. 
This Determination concludes the complaint review process. 
EFTA00807208
--- PAGE 11 ---
Arizona State University 
Academic Affairs Manual (ACD) 
Effective: 7/1/1978 
Revised: 5/23/2016 
• --
ACD 401: Prohibition Against Discrimination, Harassment, and 
Retaliation 
Purpose 
To express the university's policy on discrimination, harassment, and retaliation 
Sources 
Arizona Board of Regents Policy Manual - I—I19 
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Pub.L. 88-352) as amended, 42 U.S.C. §2000e 
Title IX, U.S. Education Amendments Act of 1972 (Pub.L. 92-318), 20 U.S.C. §§168I-1688 
Department of Education Dear Colleague Letter dated April 4,2011; Department of Education Questions 
and Answers on Title IX and Sexual Violence 
The Clery Act, 20 U.S.C. §1092(0 as amended 
Arizona Revised Statutes 
Applicability 
All ASU employees, students, volunteers, contractors and agents; all ASU educational programs, activities, 
opportunities and benefits; all persons participating in or accessing ASU-sponsored programs and activities. 
Policy 
IlleirAtisl.asu.edu/ogrJAdministrotive,ManuttlaiManuar420ArchtvestWolicr/40Manual%20Archives/ACD/July201644401.html[6/20/2018 11:44:46 AMI 
EFTA00807209
--- PAGE 12 ---
Arizona State University 
Arizona State University is committed to providing an environment free of discrimination, harassment, or retaliation for 
the entire university community, including all students, faculty members, staff employees, and guests. ASU expressly 
prohibits_discrieninaliou, harassment, and retaliation by employees, students, contractors, or agents of the university 
based on any protected status: race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, 
gender identity, and genetic information. 
Inappropriate conduct need not rise to the level of a violation of federal or state law to constitute a violation of this 
policy and to warrant disciplinary action/sanctions. 
All individuals identified in the Applicability section of this policy are responsible for participating in and assisting with 
creating and maintaining an environment at ASU free from all forms of prohibited discrimination, including harassment 
and retaliation. All individuals identified in the Applicability section of this policy are required to cooperate with any 
investigation of allegations of violations of this policy. 
Providing false or misleading information or failure to cooperate may result in disciplinary action. 
Required Reporting 
Unless a person is restricted by law from doing so, any employee who is informed of or has a reasonable basis to believe 
that SeatitthazasItnent has occurred, shall immediately report all information regarding the occurrence(s) to the Office 
of Equity and Inclusion/Title IX Coordinator. 
Failure to report and/or inaction may be cause for disciplinary action. 
If an individual wishes to have a confidential conversation about an allegation of sexual harassment, that individual can 
do so by seeking an appointment with a licensed counselor or health carc professional. The university provides such 
services at the llealth Services, frnplcyce Assistance Office, or Asti Counseling  Services located on each campus. 
Also, consistent with state law, the ASU Police Department Victim's Advocate is a person with whom an individual can 
hold a confidential conversation about an allegation of sexual violence, including sexual assault. 
Additionally, any individual has the right to contact local law enforcement to file a criminal report. 
A supervisor, manager, or administrator who is informed of or has a reasonable basis to believe that violations of this 
policy, other than sexual harassment, have occurred shall promptly report it to the Office of Equity and Inclusion. 
Failure to report or supervisory inaction may be cause for disciplinary action. 
Anyone who believes that he or she has been subjected to discrimination, harassment, or retaliation in violation of this 
policy, or who believes that this policy has been violated, should report the matter immediately to the Office of Equity 
and Inclusion. 
Anonymity 
If an individual wishes to remain anonymous, that individual can make a report to the ASU Hotline at 877/786-3385. 
If an individual requests anonymity after a report is filed, the Office of Equity and Inclusion/Title IX Coordinator will 
take into account the request, the due process rights of all parties involved, the severity of the alleged harassment, and 
the potential risk of a hostile environment for others in the community in order to determine whether the request can be 
honored. The requesting party will be advised of the determination. 
Other Policy Violations 
Because the university has a paramount interest in protecting the well being of its community and remedying 
discrimination, harassment, and retaliation, any other policy violation (e.g. alcohol or drug use on campus, or underage 
file:///itts I asu.eclutogc/Administrative_Manuals/Manual%20Archives/!Policy%20ManualIQOArchives/ACD/July20 I Waed40111unli6/20/20111 II:44:46 A M 
EFTA00807210
--- PAGE 13 ---
Arizona State University 
use) will be considered, if necessary, separately from the allegations of misconduct under this policy. 
Procedures 
The exclusive procedure and protocols for the investigation of any claims of violations of ACD 401 by students are 
handled, consistent with this policy, in accordance with the Arizona Board of Regents (ABOR) Student Code of 
Conduct (SSM 104-01) and related procedures, located on the Sexual Violence Awareness and Response Policies and 
Procedures Web page. These procedures provide for prompt and equitable methods of investigation and resolution to 
stop discrimination, remedy any harm, and prevent its recurrence. 
The exclusive procedures and protocols for the investigation of all claims of violations of ACD 401 by employees are 
set forth in Ell. These procedures provide for prompt and equitable methods of investigation and resolution to stop 
discrimination, remedy any harm, and prevent its recurrence. Unless specifically and explicitly excepted by ABOR 
policy, these procedures and protocols shall be the exclusive process for reviewing claims of violations of ACD 401. If a 
deviation from these procedures is determined to be necessary for a particular case, that deviation shall not invalidate 
the findings of any investigation. 
Sanctions 
The university will take interim measures, designed to support and protect individuals and the university community, at 
any time. Such interim measures might include: restrictions on contact, class or work schedule alterations, leaves of 
absence, increased safety measures, student housing changes, or course/class academic adjustments. If it is ultimately 
determined that this policy has been violated, then these measures may also become part of any permanent 
sanction/discipline against the violator. 
If, by the preponderance of the evidence, a violation of this policy is found to have occurred by an employee or student, 
then disciplinary action(s) can be taken; such disciplinary action(s) may include termination for employees or 
suspension or expulsion for students. Violations of this policy by persons who are not employees or students of the 
university may be subject to appropriate sanctions as provided for under law or policy. 
The filing of a complaint or charge by an individual with any outside agency, such as the Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission or the Office of Civil Rights, will not affect any ASU investigation concerning the same or 
similar events. 
Definitions 
Discrimination 
Discrimination is defined under applicable federal and state law. In general, unlawful discrimination means 
failing to treat people equally based, at least in part, on status that is protected under applicable law or policy. 
Protected status includes race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual 
orientation, gender identity, and genetic information. 
Harassment 
Harassment is a specific form of discrimination. ft is unwelcome behavior, based on a protected status, which is 
sufficiently severe or pervasive as to create an intimidating, hostile, or offensive environment for academic 
pursuits, employment, or participation in university-sponsored programs or activities. 
file.//fitfa Lasueduktge/Administrative_Manuata/ManualK20Archivest!Policy4420ManuariQOArehivcs/ACDfiuly20I6/acd401.htmlf6/20/2018 II:44:46 A MI 
EFTA00807211
--- PAGE 14 ---
Arizona State University 
Sexual harassment 
Sexual harassment is harassment, whether between individuals of the same or different sex, which includes 
unwelcome behavior or conduct of a sexual nature (including innyelcomc sexual activity) that is made, either 
explicitly or implicitly, a condition of an individual's education, employment, or participation in university-
sponsored programs or activities or the submission to or rejection of such behavior or conduct is a factor in 
decisions affecting that individual's education, employment, or participation in university-sponsored programs or 
activities. Sexual harassment is also unwelcome behavior or conduct of a sexual nature (including unwelcome 
sexual advances or activity), which is sufficiently severe or pervasive as to create an intimidating, hostile, or 
offensive environment for academic pursuits, employment, or participation in university-sponsored programs or 
activities. 
Sexual Violence 
Sexual violence includes attempted or actual physical sexual acts perpetrated against a person's will or where a 
person is incapable of giving consent due to the use of drugs or alcohol, due to an intellectual or other disability, 
or due to age is also a form of sexual harassment. This can include rape, sexual assault, sexual battery, sexual 
coercion, domestic and dating violence, and stalking. 
Retaliation 
Retaliation occurs when an adverse action (e.g., termination, denial of promotion, refusal to hire, unjustified 
discipline or evaluation, etc.) is taken against an individual for complying with this policy, opposing conduct 
reasonably believed to constitute a violation of this policy, filing a report under this policy, seeking an 
accommodation under this policy, or participating in any manner in an investigation or proceedings related to this 
policy. 
Adverse actions that are reasonably likely to deter a complaining individual or others from engaging in protected 
activity are prohibited. 
Repo 
Allegation(s) of a violation of this policy that is/arc made to any manager. supervisor, administrator, or the Office 
of Equity and Inclusion or the Dean of Students, Office of Student Rights and Responsibilities. 
Unwelcome Sexual Activity 
Engaging in sexual activity with a person, whom you reasonably should know or do know, has not consented or is 
incapable of giving consent. 
• consent in the context of sexual activity means informed and freely given words or actions that indicate a 
willingness to participate in mutually agreed upon sexual activity 
• consent may not be inferred from: 
I. silence, passivity or lack of resistance 
2. a current or previous dating or sexual relationship, 
3. acceptance or provision of gifts, meals, drinks, or other items 
or 
4. previous consent to sexual activity 
• consent may be withdrawn during sexual activity, consent to one form of consensual sexual activity does 
not imply consent to any other form of sexual activity 
• consent must not be obtained through physical force, violence, duress, intimidation, coercion, or an express 
or implied threat of injury 
• consent may never be given by a person who is: incapacitated (by drugs, alcohol or otherwise), 
unconscious, asleep, or otherwise physically or mentally unable to make informed, rational judgments. The 
lileillitb .asu.edutogc/Administrativc_ManualstManual%20ArchiveaPPolicy%20Mutual%20Archivca/ACDfluly2016/ac4401.Mml[6/20/2018 11:44:46 AM) 
EFTA00807212
--- PAGE 15 ---
Arleen& State University 
use of alcohol or drugs does not diminish one's responsibility to obtain consent and does not excuse 
conduct that violates this policy 
and 
• consent cannot be given by someone who, by virtue of age, circumstances or other factors, is deemed by 
law to be incapable of giving consent. 
Additional Information 
For information on how to file a complaint with the office of Civil Rights, go to: 
http://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ocr/docsrhowto.html 
Cross-References 
For additional information, see: 
I. ACI2.402, "Romantic or Sexual Relationships Between Faculty Members and Students" 
2. ACD 403 "Individuals with Disabilities" 
and 
3. SPP 815, "Romantic or Sexual Relationships Between StaffNolunteers and Students" 
For appropriate grievance procedures for students, see: 
Student Services Manual —SSM 104-01 "Student Code of Conduct and Student Disciplinary Procedures" 
Am manual I ASU policies and procedures manuals f Inks orPolicies by Title ACD manual c0ntas I PrevusCs Office Web Site 
flack In Top 
"
4e•
un 4.01
HTML
,0 
Ille://fitts Lasu.edu/ogrJAdministrative_bianutisfertanualS420ArchivesPPolicy%20MmusaletS20Aochives/ACCVJuly2016/aed401.bonl[6/20/2018 11:44:46 AMI 
EFTA00807213
--- PAGE 16 ---
Anions State University 
Academic Affairs Manual (ACD) 
Effective: 7/1/1978 
Revised: 3/1/2015 
ACD 401: Prohibition Against Discrimination, Harassment, and 
Retaliation 
Purpose 
To express the university's policy on discrimination, harassment, and retaliation 
Sources 
Arizona Board of Regents Policy Manual - 1 —119 
Title VII of the Civil Right Act of 1964 (Pub.L. 88-352) as amended, 42 U.S.C. A§2000e. 
Title IX, U.S. Education Amendments Act of 1972 (Pub.L. 92-318), 20 U.S.C. A§A§ 1681-1688. 
Department of Education Dear Colleague Letter dated April 4, 2011; Department of Education Questions 
and Answers on Title IX and Sexual Violence. 
The Clery Act, 20 U.S.C. A§ 1092(1) as amended. 
Arizona Revised Statutes 
Applicability 
All ASU employees, students, volunteers, contractors and agents; all ASU educational programs, activities, 
opportunities and benefits; all persons participating in or accessing ASU-sponsored programs and activities. 
Policy 
file:Mites Lasu.eduanc/Adm in istrative_blimuab/Manual%20Archives/I Policy1Q0Manual,420Archives/ACD/July2015/aed4OI atml[6/20,2018 II:42:55 AMJ 
EFTA00807214
--- PAGE 17 ---
Arizona State Univcnity 
Arizona State University is committed to providing an environment free of discrimination, harassment, or retaliation for 
the entire university community, including all students, faculty members, staff employees, and guests. ASU expressly 
prohibits.discrintinansta, harassment, and retaliation by employees, students, contractors, or agents of the university 
based on any protected status: race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, 
gender identity, and genetic information. 
Inappropriate conduct need not rise to the level of a violation of federal or state law to constitute a violation of this 
policy and to warrant disciplinary action/sanctions. 
All individuals identified in the Applicability section of this policy are responsible for participating in and assisting with 
creating and maintaining an environment at ASU free from all forms of prohibited discrimination, including harassment 
and retaliation. All individuals identified in the Applicability section of this policy are required to cooperate with any 
investigation of allegations of violations of this policy. 
Providing false or misleading information or failure to cooperate may result in disciplinary action. 
Required Reporting 
Sexual Harassment 
Unless a person is restricted by law from doing so, any employee who is informed of or has a reasonable basis to believe 
that sexual harassment has occurred, shall immediately Lei= all information regarding the occurrence(s) to the 
appropriate university official as noted below: 
• Office of Equity and Inclusion when there is a complaint or information involving an allegation against an 
employee 
• neatuaatilacaussaucg when there is a complaint or information involving an allegation against a student 
or 
• Title IX Coordinator when one is unsure of where to report. 
Failure to report and/or inaction may be cause for disciplinary action. 
If an individual wishes to have a confidential conversation about an allegation of sexual harassment, that person can do 
so by seeking an appointment with a licensed counselor or health care professional. The university provides such 
services at the Health Services, Employee Assistance Oilier, or ASU Counseling Services located on each campus. 
Additionally, any individual has the right to contact local law enforcement to file a criminal report. 
Other Discrimination or Harassment 
A supervisor, manager, or administrator who is informed of or has a reasonable basis to believe that violations of this 
policy, other than sexual harassment, have occurred shall promptly report it to the Office of Equity and Inclusion. 
Failure to report or supervisory inaction may be cause for disciplinary action. 
Anonymity 
If a person wishes to remain anonymous, that person can make a report to the ASI I liotliiic at 877/786 -3385. 
If a person requests anonymity after a report is filed, the Office of Equity and Inclusion/Otte IX Coordinator will take 
into account the request, the due process rights of all parties involved, the severity of the alleged harassment, and the 
potential risk of a hostile environment for others in the community in order to determine whether the request can be 
honored. The requesting party will be advised of the determination. 
file:///itfal.asu.edulogerAdaninirizative_Manuals/ManuarA20Archives/IPolicy3420Manual%20Arthives/ACD/July20I5facd401.htrifill6/20/20111 11:42:55 AM) 
EFTA00807215
--- PAGE 18 ---
Arizona Stale University 
Other Policy Violations 
Because the university has a paramount interest in protecting the well being of its community and remedying 
discrimination, harassment, and retaliation, any other policy violation (e.g. alcohol or drug use on campus, or underage 
use) will be considered, if necessary, separately from the allegations of misconduct under this policy. 
Procedures 
The exclusive procedure and protocols for the investigation of any claims of violations of this policy by students are 
handled, consistent with this policy, in accordance with the Arizona Board of Regents (ABOR) Student Code of 
Conduct (SSM 104-0O and related procedures, which can be found on the Sexual
Policies and Procedures Web page. These procedures provide for prompt and equitable methods of investigation and 
resolution to stop discrimination, remedy any harm, and prevent its recurrence. 
The exclusive procedures and protocols for the investigation of all claims of violations of this policy by employees are 
set forth in P20. These procedures provide for prompt and equitable methods of investigation and resolution to stop 
discrimination, remedy any harm, and prevent its recurrence. Unless specifically and explicitly excepted by ABOR 
policy, these procedures and protocols shall be the exclusive process for reviewing claims of violations of this policy. If 
a deviation from these procedures is determined to be necessary for a particular case, that deviation shall not invalidate 
the findings of any investigation. 
Sanctions 
The university will take interim measures, designed to support and protect individuals and the university community, at 
any time. Such interim measures might include: restrictions on contact, class or work schedule alterations, leaves of 
absence, increased safety measures, student housing changes, or course/class academic adjustments. If it is ultimately 
determined that this policy has been violated, then these measures may also become part of any permanent 
sanction/discipline against the violator. 
If, by the preponderance of the evidence, a violation of this policy is found to have occurred by an employee or student, 
then disciplinary action(s) can be taken; such disciplinary action(s) may include termination for employees or 
suspension or expulsion for students. Violations of this policy by persons who are not employees or students of the 
university may be subject to appropriate sanctions as provided for under law or policy. 
The filing of a complaint or charge by an individual with any outside agency, such as the Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission or the Office of Civil Rights, will not affect any ASU investigation concerning the same or 
similar events. 
Definitions 
Discrimination 
Discrimination is defined under applicable federal and state law. In general, unlawful discrimination means 
failing to treat people equally based, at least in part, on status that is protected under applicable law or policy. 
Protected status includes race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual 
orientation, gender identity, and genetic information. 
file:///iifs I aisizathilogdAdministranee_ManualilManual%20Archives/!PolicyVia0Manual5420Ardnves/ACD/July2011/acd401.Mrill[6/20/20 I II:42:55 AM) 
EFTA00807216
--- PAGE 19 ---
Arizona State University 
Haracanattj
Harassment is a specific form of discrimination. It is unwelcome behavior, based on a protected status, which 
creates an intimidating, hostile, or offensive environment for academic pursuits, employment, or participation in 
university-sponsored programs or activities. 
Sexual Harassment 
Sexual harassment is harassment, whether between individuals of the same or different sex, which includes 
unwelcome behavior or conduct of a sexual nature (including unwelcome sexual activity) that is made, either 
explicitly or implicitly, a condition of an individual's education, employment, or participation in university-
sponsored programs or activities or the submission to or rejection of such behavior or conduct is a factor in 
decisions affecting that individual's education, employment, or participation in university-sponsored programs or 
activities. Sexual harassment is also unwelcome behavior or conduct of a sexual nature (including unwelcome 
sexual advances or activity), which creates an intimidating, hostile, or offensive environment for academic 
pursuits, employment, or participation in university-sponsored programs or activities. 
Sexual Violence, which includes attempted or actual physical sexual acts perpetrated against a person's will or 
where a person is incapable of giving consent due to the use of drugs or alcohol, due to an intellectual or other 
disability, or due to age is also a form of sexual harassment. This can include rape, sexual assault, sexual battery, 
sexual coercion, domestic and dating violence, and stalking. 
Retaliation 
Retaliation occurs when an adverse action (e.g., termination, denial of promotion, refusal to hire, unjustified 
discipline or evaluation, etc.) is taken against an individual for complying with this policy, opposing conduct 
reasonably believed to constitute a violation of this policy, filing a report under this policy, seeking an 
accommodation under this policy, or participating in any manner in an investigation or proceedings related to this 
policy. 
Adverse actions that are reasonably likely to deter a complaining individual or others from engaging in protected 
activity are prohibited. 
Report 
Allegation(s) of a violation of this policy that is/are made to any manager, supervisor, administrator, or the Office 
of Equity and Inclusion or the Dean of Students, Office of Student Rights and Responsibilities. 
Unwelcome Sexual Activity 
Engaging in sexual activity with a person, whom you reasonably should know or do know, has not consented or is 
incapable of giving "consent." 
• consent in the context of sexual activity means informed and freely given words or actions that indicate a 
willingness to participate in mutually agreed upon sexual activity 
• consent may not be inferred from: 
I. silence, passivity or lack of resistance 
2. a current or previous dating or sexual relationship, 
3. acceptance or provision of gifts, meals, drinks, or other items 
or 
4. previous consent to sexual activity 
• consent may be withdrawn during sexual activity, consent to one form of consensual sexual activity does 
not imply consent to any other form of sexual activity 
tile://Atfa I Asu.edu/ogc/Administrative_ManualsJMaaual5Q0Archirea/!PolieySQ0ManualSa20Afehives/ACD/July2015/aod401-html(6/20/201S 11:42:55 AM] 
EFTA00807217
--- PAGE 20 ---
A1470(111 State University 
• consent must not be obtained through physical force, violence, duress, intimidation, coercion, or an express 
or implied threat of injury 
• consent can never be given by a person who is incapacitated (by alcohol or other drugs), or who is 
unconscious, asleep, or otherwise physically or mentally unable to make informed, rational judgments. The 
use of alcohol or drugs does not diminish one's responsibility to obtain consent and does not excuse 
conduct that violates this policy 
and 
• consent cannot be given by someone who, by virtue of age, circumstances or other factors, is deemed by 
law to be incapable of giving consent. 
Additional Information 
For information on how to file a complaint with the office of Civil Rights, go to: 
http://www2.ed.gov/aboutioffices/listiocr/docs/howto.html 
Cross-References 
For additional information, see: 
I ACD 40), "Romantic or Sexual Relationships Between Faculty Members and Students" 
and 
2. AC'!) 404 "Individuals with Disabilities." 
For appropriate grievance procedures for students, see the Student Services Manual—SSM 104-01, "Student Code of 
Conduct and Student Disciplinary Procedures." 
ACD manual I ASU policies and procedures manuals I lades of Policies by Title I ACD manual contact) Provost's Office Web site 
Imaualgp 
urzr HTML
Li.. COI 
- 
- — 
filcJNitfa t.asu.edonsgelAdsniniatrative_Manuals/ManuarA20Archives/lPolicy%20ManualIQOArdrivesfACD/July20151.40401.html[6/20/2015 11:42:55 AM] 
EFTA00807218
--- PAGE 21 ---
Arizona State linivenity 
Academic Affairs Manual (ACD) 
Effective: 7/1/1978 
Revised: 7/1/2011 
AS11 ACD 401: Nondiscrimination, Anti-Harassment and Nonretaliation 
Purpose 
To express the university's policy on nondiscrimination, anti-harassment, and nonretaliation 
Sources 
Arizona Board of Regents Policy Manual -1 —119 
Applicability 
All ASU employees, students, contractors and agents; all ASU educational programs, activities, opportunities and 
benefits; all persons participating in or accessing ASU-sponsored programs and activities 
Definitions 
Discrimination 
Discrimination is defined under applicable federal and state law. In general, unlawful discrimination means 
failing to treat people equally based, at least in part, on status that is protected under applicable law or policy. 
Harassment 
Harassment is a specific form of discrimination. It is unwelcome behavior, based on a protected status, which is 
sufficiently severe or pervasive to create an intimidating, hostile, or offensive environment for academic pursuits, 
employment, or participation in university-sponsored programs or activities. 
Sexual Harassment 
Sexual harassment is harassment, whether between individuals of the same or different sex, which includes 
unwelcome behavior or conduct of a sexual nature that is made, either explicitly or implicitly, a condition of an 
individual's education, employment, or participation in university-sponsored programs or activities or the 
file:///itfa I .asu.odukgelitdminiatrative _Msnols/Manual%20Archivesi!Policy%20Manuar,620Archives/ACD/luly2011 /aod40 !tern O/20/2018 11:40:32 AM) 
EFTA00807219
--- PAGE 22 ---
Arizona Statc University 
submission to or rejection of such behavior or conduct is a factor in decisions affecting that individual's 
education, employment, or participation in university-sponsored programs or activities. 
Retaliation 
Retaliation occurs when an adverse action is taken against an individual for engaging in protected activity. 
Protected activity consists of: 
I. opposing conduct reasonably believed to constitute discrimination, including harassment, that violates an 
employment discrimination statute or that university or ABOR policy prohibits: or 
2. filing a complaint about such practice; or 
3. seeking an accommodation under this policy; or 
4. testifying, assisting, or participating in any manner in an investigation or other proceeding related to a 
discrimination complaint. 
Adverse actions that are reasonably likely to deter a complaining individual or others from engaging in protected 
activity are prohibited. 
Report 
Allegation(s) of a violation of this policy that is/are made to any manager, supervisor, administrator, or the Office 
of Equity and Inclusion or the Office of Student Rights and Responsibilities. 
Policy 
Arizona State University is committed to providing the university community, including students, faculty, staff, and 
guests, with an environment that is free of harassment, discrimination, or retaliation. ASU expressly prohibits 
harassment, discrimination, and retaliation by employees, students, contractors, or agents of the university based on 
protected status, including race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, 
and gender identity. ASU also complies with the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff 
et seq.). 
All individuals identified in the Applicability section of this policy are responsible for participating in and assist with 
creating and maintaining an environment at ASU that is free from all forms of prohibited discrimination, including 
harassment and retaliation. 
All individuals identified in the Applicability section of this policy shall cooperate with any investigation of allegations 
of violations of this policy. Providing false or misleading information or failure to cooperate may result in disciplinary 
action. 
All supervisors, managers, or administrators who are informed of or have a reasonable basis to believe that a violation 
of this policy has occurred shall promptly report it to the Office of Equity and Inclusion. Failure to report or supervisory 
inaction may he cause for disciplinary action. 
Anyone who believes that he or she has been subjected to discrimination, harassment, or retaliation in violation of this 
policy, or who believes that this policy has been violated, should report the matter immediately to the Office of Equity 
and Inclusion. 
All ASU employees who receive reports of discrimination, harassment or retaliation shall maintain the confidentiality of 
the information that they receive except where disclosure is required by law or is necessary to facilitate legitimate 
university or ABOR processes, including reporting, investigation, and resolution of allegations. 
The exclusive procedures and protocols for the investigation of all claims of violations of ACD 40I are set forth in P70. 
lite:Miffs I .au.adu/ogclAdm in 'strati ve_ Manuals/Manua1•420ArchivesEPolicy%20Manual%20ArehiveVACD/July2011/acd4Olistml[620/2018 11:40:32 AMI 
EFTA00807220
--- PAGE 23 ---
Arizona State University 
Unless specifically and explicitly excepted by Board policy, these procedures and protocols shall be the exclusive 
process for reviewing claims of violations of ACD 401. 
Violations of this policy may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination for employees and in 
sanctions, including suspension or expulsion, for students. Violations of this policy by persons who are not employees 
or students of the university may be subject to appropriate sanctions as provided for under law or policy. 
An individual's filing of a complaint or charge with any outside agency or entity will not affect any ASU investigation 
concerning the same or similar events. 
Cross-References 
For additional information, see: 
1. ACD 407 "Amorous Relationships," 
and 
2. ACD_421, "Individuals with Disabilities." 
For appropriate grievance procedures for students, see the Student Services Manual—SSM 104-01, "Student Code of 
Conduct and Student Disciplinary Procedures." 
AU) manual l ASU policies and procedures manuals I 'Aga of Policies by title:At:I) manual call= I Nosiest's Office Web Silt 
v~
rHTOI
L4
• Aceessing the Manuals 
• Academic  Maks 
o Capitalfrograins Management Group 
o Environmental Health & Safety 
o Facilities Management 
O Financial Services
• 
o Police Department 
• Parking and Transit Services 
o Purchasing and Business Services 
o Research and Sponsored Pntjects 
o Staff Personnel 
o Student Services Manual 
• Index to Policy Titles 
• Suhuiisiourakclinga
lidsgyisuli ts
• Coding Template for Policies and Procedures Manuals 
• Contact Manual Coordinators 
• Accessing.Archived Manual Revision Notices 
file://ritesLasu.eduroge/Administrativelsanualsittlanual%20Aselives/IPolte"20Manual%20Archives/ACD/Iuly201I/acd40l.html[6/20120III 11:40:32 AM] 
EFTA00807221
--- PAGE 24 ---
Arizona State University 
Academic Affairs Manual (ACD) 
Effective: 7/1/1978 
Revised: 6/8/2007 
ACD 401: Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Purpose 
To specify the university's policy on equal opportunity and affirmative action 
Sources 
United States Code §§ 1681-83 (1980) 
United States Code § 206d (1980 & Supp. II, 1982); § 623 (1980 & Supp. 11, 1982); § 793 (1980); § 794 
(1980) 
United States Code § 2012 (1980) 
United States Code § 2000d (1980); § 2000e (1980); § 6101 (1980) 
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA), 42 United States Code § 12101 et seq. 
Executive Order 1 1246, as amended by 11375, 11478, and 12086 
Arizona Revised Statutes § 41-1461 
Arizona Board of Regents Policy Manual - 6—808 
Applicability 
All ASU employees and students 
Policy 
fik://fites I Assu.edu/oge/Administrative_ManualLManual9QOArchivesPPolicy5420Manual9S20Archives/ACD/July2009/aed401.html[620/20113 11:39:02 AM) 
EFTA00807222
--- PAGE 25 ---
Arizona State University 
It is the policy of ASU to provide equal opportunity through affirmative action in employment and educational 
programs and activities. Discrimination is prohibited on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, 
sex, gestendemity, sexual orientation, age, disability Vicinanatemicteran status, other_protected  veteran status, newly 
separated veteran status, or special disabhLveteran status. Equal employmentopportunny includes but is not limited to: 
recruitment, hiring, promotion, termination, compensation, benefits, transfers, university-sponsored training, education, 
tuition assistance, and social and recreational programs. 
ASU is committed to taking affirmative action in increasing opportunities at all levels of employment and to increasing 
participation in programs and activities by all faculty, staffi and students. Affirmative action is directed toward minority
persons, women, Vietnam-era veterans, other protected veterans, newly separated veterans, special disabled veterans, 
and persons with disabilities. 
Any employee or student may visit with the director of the Office of Diversity, Human Resources to confidentially 
discuss any concern and to explore available options without fear of jeopardizing either employment or academic status 
within the university. 
University Policy Prohibiting Harassment 
Harassment Prohibited 
Subject to the limiting provisions of the Freedom of Speech and Academic Freedom section below, it is a violation of 
university policy for any university employee or student to subject any person to harassment on university property or at 
a university-sponsored activity. 
Harassment Defined 
Actions constitute harassment if: 
1. they substantially interfere with another's educational or employment opportunities, peaceful enjoyment of 
residence, physical security 
and 
2. they are taken with a general intent to engage in the actions and with the knowledge that the actions arc likely to 
substantially interfere with a protected interest identified in subsection 1 above. Such intent and knowledge may 
be inferred from all the circumstances. 
Freedom of Speech and Academic Freedom 
Neither this nor any other university policy is violated by actions that amount to expression protected by the state or 
federal constitutions or by related principles of academic freedom. 
Relationship to the Work of the Campus Environment Team (CET) 
If harassment is discriminatory, it falls within the education, information gathering, and referral functions of the CET. 
Harassment is discriminatory if taken with the purpose or effect of differentiating on the basis of another person's race, 
sex, gender identity, color, national origin, religion, age, sexual orientation, disability, other protected veteran status, 
special disabled veterans status, or Vietnam-era veteran status. 
General Guidelines 
In making personnel and other decisions, the responsible university hiring officials, committees, groups, and individuals 
tile:///ittsl.asu.cdu/ogc/Adrniniatrative_ManuaWManual%20ArchiveaPPolicy%20ManusIV.20Archives/ACD/July2009/acc1401.html(6/20/2018 11:39:02 AM) 
EFTA00807223
--- PAGE 26 ---
Arizona State University 
arc guided by the following: 
I. Qualifications 
The university establishes and maintains standards necessary for the successful performance of the institution's 
teaching, research and service functions. Only individuals meeting the established qualifications will be 
employed and/or promoted. Any department or division using a test to ascertain qualifications of employees or 
applicants for employment in positions is responsible for establishing its validity in accordance with federal 
regulations and for maintaining a current copy of the test on file in the Office of Diversity. Human Resources. 
2. Hiring 
Only individuals meeting the established qualifications will be employed and/or promoted. University employee 
selection decisions arc made on the basis ofjob-related qualifications and not on the basis of race, color, religion, 
national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, Vietnam-era veteran status, 
other protected veteran status, newly separated veteran status, or special disabled veteran status, except where sex 
or age is a bona fide occupational qualification. Among finalists for a position, primary consideration will be 
given to meeting affirmative action objectives. 
3. Training 
To the extent resources permit, the university, as well as individual departments and divisions, provides on-the-
job and other training programs designed to improve the skills required to perform assigned duties and to enhance 
opportunities for transfer and promotion. Available training programs are open to eligible employees without 
regard to race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, 
Vietnam-era veteran status, other protected veteran status, newly separated veteran status, or special disabled 
veteran status. 
4. Benefits 
The university reviews any changes in benefit policies and practices to ensure compliance with the university's 
equal employment opportunity policy and reviews existing benefit policies and practices whenever required by 
changes in laws or regulations. 
5. Pay 
Faculty and staff job categories, pay rates, and duties are established in accordance with the concept of equal pay 
for equal work, and pay decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, 
sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, Vietnam-era veteran status, other protected veteran status, 
newly separated veteran status, or special disabled veteran status. In addition, salary adjustments will be studied 
annually with regard to pay equity for all employees. However, proposed salary adjustments should be studied 
before implementation to minimize equity problems. 
6. Promotion and Tenure 
Faculty promotion and tenure decisions and staff promotions are made without regard to race, color, religion, 
national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, Vietnam-era veteran status, 
other protected veteran status, newly separated veteran status, or special disabled veteran status. Promotion 
policies and practices are communicated to employees and administered in accordance with the university's equal 
opportunity and affirmative action policies. 
Race/Sex/Age Discrimination Guidelines 
Ille:///ittst.asu.edu/ogrlAdministrative_Manuals/Manual%20Archivest!Polie"20Manual%20Ardtives/ACD/July2009/aed401.6tmlf6/20/2018 II:39:02 AM) 
EFTA00807224
--- PAGE 27 ---
Arizona State Univenity 
1. ASU does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, gender identity, or age in employment, application for 
employment, benefit programs, training opportunities, or any other employment or educational program or 
activity. 
2. University policies and procedures mandate the assessment of applicants and employees on job-related criteria 
without regard to race, sex, gender identity, or age. Each applicant is evaluated on his or her individual 
qualifications and ability to do the work required by the particular job. 
3. All employment advertisements appearing in newspapers or other media are placed under nondiscriminatory 
headings. 
4. ASU provides men and women the same employment opportunities, wages, hours, conditions of employment, and 
employer contributions to insurance, retirement, and other benefit programs. Sex-based criteria are not used in 
determining salaries. 
5. All administrative, management, and supervisory level positions are open to qualified applicants regardless of 
race, sex, or age. 
6. There is no distinction or discrimination between married and unmarried applicants or employees of either sex. 
7. ASU does not deny employment because of pregnancy. Maternity leave is provided through sick leave policies 
that apply to women employees who take time off for pregnancy, childbearing, and/or related conditions (see 
ACD 702 -02, "Health-Related Leave," SPP 701-01 " Sick Leave-General Policy," ACD 702n0.1, "Family 
Leave," and SPP 705-02 "Family Leave"). ASU does not penalize women in terms of conditions of employment 
because of pregnancy and childbearing. Furthermore, following childbirth, a woman employee who indicates her 
intent to return within a reasonable time shall be reinstated to a position of like status and pay without loss of pay 
or benefits. 
8. The employee leave policies apply to men and women employees who take time off for child-care purposes. 
9. ASU does not have an exclusionary policy regarding women with children. 
IO. ASU has sufficient facilities, such as washrooms, for women and men employees. 
11. To provide equal access to all training programs, employees are advised of training opportunities through the 
university bulletin, ASU Insight, and the Employee Development Program Schedule. 
12. ASU has the same mandatory and optional retirement policies for all eligible employees. 
13. Sexual harassment, as defined in 29 Code of Federal Regulations § 1604 (1990), is prohibited by university 
policy (sec ACDA02, "Sexual Harassment," for the complete policy). 
Affirmative Action Program for Individuals with Disabilities, Special 
Disabled Veterans, Other Protected Veterans, Newly Separated Veterans, 
and Vietnam-Era Veterans 
1. The Affirmative Action Program for individuals with disabilities, special disabled veterans, other protected 
veterans, newly separated veterans, and Vietnam-era veterans, which applies to staff and job applicants, is 
periodically reviewed and updated. Significant changes in procedures, rights, or benefits that occur as a result of 
the annual updating are communicated to staff and job applicants. 
2. Each job applicant is evaluated on individual qualifications and ability to perform the essential functions of a 
particular job. All levels of employment are open to disabled individuals, special disabled veterans, other 
protected veterans, newly separated veterans, and Vietnam-era veterans. 
A component of affirmative action includes employing and advancing in employment qualified disabled 
individuals. Such actions apply, but are not limited, to all employment practices including: recruitment or 
advertising; hiring, promotion, or transfer; pay rate, salary adjustments, or other forms of compensation; selection 
for training; and termination. 
3. Employment practices are monitored and reviewed to ensure that procedures result in careful, thorough, and 
systematic consideration of the job qualifications of known disabled, special disabled veteran, other protected 
veteran, newly separated veteran, or Vietnam-era veteran applicants and staff for both job vacancies, filled either 
by hiring or promotion, and training opportunities. Each applicant for employment may voluntarily self identify as 
file:Mitts l stu.edutoge./Administrative_Manuala/Manual%20Archivesi!Policy%20Manual5QOArchives/ACD/July2009/act1401Jitml(6/20/2018 11:39:02 AMI 
EFTA00807225
--- PAGE 28 ---
Arizona Slate University 
being an other protected veteran or being a Vietnam-era veteran. 
4. Any physical or mental job qualification requirements that may tend to screen out qualified disabled individuals, 
special disabled veterans, other protected veterans, newly separated veterans, and Vietnam-era veterans and that 
are used by the university to select applicants for employment or to select staff for changes in employment status, 
e.g., promotion, are job related and required as a business necessity or for the safe performance of the job. The 
university has the right to conduct a comprehensive medical examination after an offer of employment is made, 
provided that the results of such an examination are used only in accordance with the requirements of 41 Code of 
Federal Regulations § 60-74 I .6 (1990). 
Information about an applicant's or staff member's physical or mental condition and the results of required 
medical examinations are confidential, subject to these exceptions: 
a. required accommodation to and restrictions on the work or duties of disabled individuals may be 
communicated to supervisors and managers 
b. appropriate emergency treatment information may be communicated to first aid and safety personnel 
and 
c. information requested by government officials investigating compliance with the Rehabilitation Act of 
1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and/or the Americans with Disabilities Act of 
1990, may be supplied to those officials. 
5. The university attempts to make reasonable accommodation for the limitations of disabled individuals and special 
disabled veterans unless the accommodation creates undue hardship on the university. 
6. In offering employment or promotions to an individual with a disability, special disabled veteran, other protected 
veteran, newly separated veteran, and Vietnam-era veteran, the amount of compensation is not reduced because of 
any disability income, pension, or other benefit the applicants or staff members receive from another source. 
7. 11w director of Office of Diversity, Human Resources periodically reviews employment practices to determine 
whether personnel programs provide the required affirmative action for employment and promotion of disabled, 
special disabled veteran, other protected veteran, newly separated veteran, and Vietnam-en veteran individuals. 
Based on the findings of the review, the university may make changes in its community outreach and special 
recruitment activities. 
Currently, the university: 
a. establishes the essential job functions for positions before they arc advertised 
b. institutes reasonable internal procedures to fulfill its obligation to employ and promote qualified disabled 
individuals, special disabled veterans, other protected veterans, newly separated veterans, and Vietnam-era 
veterans 
c. enlists the assistance and support of recruiting sources and community groups (a current listing of the 
• 
recruiting sources and community groups may be obtained from the Office of Diversity, Human Resources, 
Arizona State University, Tempe, Arizona 85287-5612). 
d. attempts to include disabled, special disabled veteran, other protected veteran, newly separated veteran, and 
Vietnam-era veteran workers in university-sponsored pictures of staff that appear in consumer, promotion, 
or advertising materials 
and 
c. notifies subcontractors, vendors, and suppliers of its policy of nondiscrimination on the basis of disabled, 
special disabled veteran, other protected veteran, newly separated veteran, and Vietnam-era veteran status 
and requests they take appropriate action regarding that policy. 
8. In order to ensure greater staff cooperation and participation in the university's efforts to carry out affirmative 
action for disabled workers, special disabled veteran workers, other protected veterans, newly separated veterans. 
and Vietnam-era veteran workers, the university implements and disseminates this policy internally through 
Ille:///itfa I .asu.cdu/osciAdministrative _Manuals/Manual%20Araives/1 Poliey%20Manual3G20Arehives/ACDOuly2009/aed40 I html(6/20/20 18 II:39:02 AM I 
EFTA00807226
--- PAGE 29 ---
Arizona State Univenity 
various means. 
9. Responsibility for the implementation of the policy is vested in the president the executive vice president and 
provost of the university, the vice presidents, the director of the Office of Diversity, Human Resources, and the 
management staff. 
Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 and Antidiscrimination 
Guidelines 
I. ASU does not discriminate against any individual with respect to recruitment, selection, and termination because 
of an individual's national origin or citizenship status. 
2. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986. all persons hired after November 6, 1986, 
are required to demonstrate their authorization for employment in the United States. This policy will be applicable 
to all persons. 
3. ASU will continue to verify employment authorizations for all applicants in a nondiscriminatory manner in 
keeping with antidiscrimination laws. 
Cross-References 
For information about discrimination complaints, see: 
I. ACD 407 "Sexual Harassment," 
2. ACD 4111 "Procedures for Resolving Complaints of Unlawful Discrimination," 
AC11.4.04, "Board on Equal Opportunity," 
and 
4. ACD 401, "Americans with Disabilities." 
ACD manual i ASU policies and put:educes manualsIlmlea orPolicies by Title I ACT) manual contact I Provost's Office Web she 
Racy uaap 
T~J
r
4,01 
• 
ACCCSSiltg.the_MantlaiS 
Academic Affairs 
o Capital Programs Management Comp 
• Environmental Health & Safety 
O Facilities Minato:imp! 
o Financial Services 
• Dcparligent of Intercollegiate Athletikal 
Property Control System 
• Police Depanment 
o Parking and Transit Sey_viriLs 
• Purchasing and Business Services 
o Research and Sponsored Projects 
• Staff Personnel 
Me:///ilfs I .asu.edu/ogc/Adm inistrativeffianuals/Manual%20ArchivesaPolicrA20Manual%20Archives/ACD/July2009/acd4013lim116/20/2018 11:39:02 AM) 
EFTA00807227
--- PAGE 30 ---
Arizona State Univenity 
• University Student Initiatives 
• index to Policy Titles 
• laission.Gaideliacsior Manual Revisions 
• Contact ManuaLCuordinam 
• Creating Administrative Manuals (CAM) 
• Accessing Archived Manual Revision Notices 
University Policy Manuals Group 
1130 E. University Center, Suite 110 
Mail code 41041480/965-1717 
Dorothy DiRienzi, Editor/Publisher 
file:With I .asu.cduJosc/Adm in istrati ve Man was/Manual %20Arch ivesi Poi icy%20Manual°4.20Archives/AC Dauly2009facd401.htrnI(6,20201 8 1 1 :39:02 A M) 
EFTA00807228
--- PAGE 31 ---
Arizona State University 
https://www.asu.eduiaad/manualS/acd/aCd204-01.htTnl 
AsLI
ARIZONA STATE 
UNIVERSITY 
Academic Affairs Manual (ACD) 
Wm in 
,:eat" 
Effective: 1.27 •'9,.6 
Revised: 7/1/2011 
psu ACD 204-01: Code of Ethics 
Purpose 
To define the fatuity and academic professional code of ethics 
Source 
University Senate 
Applicability 
Faculty 
Academic proleSisOnsis 
Policy 
These ethical principles and types of unacceptable behavior are organized around the individual faculty member's and 3CaderniC professional's 
relation to teaching and students, scholarship. professional responsibilities. university, colleagues, and community. Since university discipline. as 
diStingurshed from other forms of reproval, should be reserved for misconduct that is either senous In itself, or Is made serious through its 
repetition or its consequences, the to/lowing genera, principle is intended to govern all instances of as application. University discipline that may 
result from violation of the code may be imposed for conduct that is not tustifed by ethical principles and that impairs the universibis central 
functions 
Responsibilities to Teaching and Students 
Ethical Standards 
1. To encourage the free pursuit of teaming in students. 
To hold before students the best scholarly standards of the disciplines. 
To demonstrate respect for students as indrvIdUins and to adhere to one's proper roe as iMelleclual guide and counselor 
4. To make every reasonable effort to foster honest academic conduct and to assure that evaluation of students reflects their true merits 
5. To avoid any exploitation of students for private advantage and acknowledge significant assistance from them. 
6. To protect student ICSS6inaC 'Leedom. 
types of Unacceptable Conduct 
Failure to meet the responsibilities of instruction, Including: 
1. arbitrary denial of access to Interaction and/or instructional materials 
2. significant Intrusion ca material unrelated to the course 
3. significant evidence Of a pattern of !sling to adhere, without legitimate reason, to the rules of the faculty In the conduct of courses, to meet class. 
to keep office hours, or to hold examinations as schedued 
evaluation of student work by &Sena not directly reflective of course performance 
undue and unexcused delay in evaluating student work 
discrimination against a student on poetical grounds. or for reasons of race. religion. sex. gender identity. sexual orientation. nati0nai origin, 
 vieinam era veteran status, recently separated veteran status, other protected veteran status. or IN other arbitrary or personal reasons 
of 3 
7/30/2018 3:43 PM 
EFTA00807229
--- PAGE 32 ---
Arizona Slate University 
https:l/www.asu.cdulaad/manuals/acdlacd204.0 I html 
use of Ine position of power to coerce the ,udgment or conscience of a student or to cause harm to a student for arbitrary or personal reasons 
parbdpating Si or deliberately abetting dine/eon. interference. or Intimidation in the classroom 
harassment as expained in ACD 402. •Romentic or Sexual Relationships Between Faculty Members and Students' and ACO 401. 
tordisairniriation. Anti-Heists:rent. and Nonretaliaborr 
10. breech of the privacy sights of students per SSM 107.01 'Release of Student Information' 
and 
11. unauthorized or inappropdthe use of self•authored insvuotional matenals per AQQ20&., Tented toms innate& M
ists
Responsibilities to Research, Scholarship, and/or Creative Activities 
Ethical Standards 
t. To recognize the special responsibility for the advancement of Knowledge 
To seek the truth and to state the truth as one sees It 
3. To improve scholarly competence 
4. To exerose entice' seildisaptine and judgment n using, extending, and transmitting know edge. 
5. To practice intellectual honesty 
6. To prevent intrusion of subediary interests m the freedom of inquiry. 
Types of Unacceptable Conduct 
I. Notation of canons of intellectual honesty. such as misappropriation of the writings, research, and tidings of others 
2. Engaging in activities whale 'conflict of interest' may influence the evaluation of, funding for. or general promotion of research proposals or 
rempardi results 
3. Harassment as explained in ACD 42VAmoious RelationshipeandACE3401 'Nondisaimination. Anti.Harassment. and Nonretaliation 
Responsibilities to the University 
Ethical Standards 
I. To be effective in teething. research. scholarship and/or creative activities. and service. 
2... To Where to university policies and regulations 
3. To monitor the amount and character of any work outside the university with due regard to responsibilities within it. 
4. To give due notice to the university of pending interrupbon or termination of service 
To alert appropriate university offices about alarming or threalerung behavior of colleagues and students per ACL/ 204-09. Violence in the 
Misplace' and SSM 104-02 'Handling thisruptive. Threatening. or Violent Individuals on Campus 
Types of Unacceptable Conduct 
Intentional disruption of university sponsored or -authorized functions or activities 
Inaletnent 01 others to disobey university rules 
Unauthorized use of university resources or 
4. Forcible detention, physical abuse or threat thereof, harassment, or intimidation of any other member of the university community. 
Harassment as explained in ACD 402 'Amorous Relationships' and A.G.C3_401. 'Nondiscrimination, Anti-Harassment. and Nonretaiistion " 
Responsibilities to Colleagues 
Ethical Standards 
To respect and defend free inquiry by associates. where in compliance with university regulations. 
To show professional courtesy end respect for others in exchange of criticism 
3. To strive to be objective during the professional judgment of colleagues 
4. To accept a fair share of the responsibilities for the governance of the university 
5. To actively assist In the professional development of colleagues 
Types of Unacceptable Conduct 
Evaluating the professional competence of faculty members by Melia not reflective of professional performance. 
2. Omar Elating against faculty on political grounds, or for reasons of race, religion, sex. gender identity, sexual orientation, national °nom. 
disability, Vietnam era status, recently separated veteran status. Other protected veteran status. or for other arbitrary or personal reasons 
Breaching established rules governing confidentiality In personnel procedures 
4. Interfering with the academic freedom of faculty members operating within academic unit. college, or university peaty. 
5. Knowingly Stating any academic unit, college, or university policy 
8. Using the creative achievements of colleagues without appropriate consultation and dada 
Harassment as explained in Kt 
a 'Amorous Relationships* and ACD t,14ondliscrImInallont Anb-Herassmsnt, and Nonretababon 
Responsibilities to the Community 
Ethical Standards 
sv ve to conduct oneself as a responsible. productive member of the community, aware of and sensitive to the responsibilities and °I:rigatoni 
prance or all citizens by a free society 
of 3 
7/.30.2018 3:43 PM 
EFTA00807230
--- PAGE 33 ---
Arizona State University 
https://www.asu.edu/aad/manuats/acd/acd204-01.html 
lb make It dear in public statements that ones personal opinions are one's own and not those of the university 
3. To conduct one's public and pnvate lives so as to avoid hnnumg dishonor to oneself and the university 
types of Unacceptable Conduct 
1. Deliberately misrepresenting persona' views as an official posItIon of aie university or its agencies 
Using the university's nerve or logo to create the impression of university sanction for private activity 
3. COMMittinp a felony ix other serious act that demonstrates unfitness to continue as a member of the faculty. 
Cross-References 
1. ACO 204-04. 'Royalties from instructional Materials' 
2. ACO
 •Coriniii of Interest* 
3. ACD 401 Nondiscrimination Anti-Harassment. and NOnretaliabon' 
4. egai42. 'Romantic or Sexual Relationships Between Faculy Members and &Wants' 
5. A3_00 204-011. •Molance In the Workplace' 
and 
6. Student Services Manual—
o B6M 104-01, 'Student Code of Conduct and Student Disciplinary Procedures' 
o WA 104-U. 'Handling Disruptive. Threatening. or Violent indenduant on Campus' 
and 
oM
 107-01. -Release of Student information ' 
slop navigation bar 
CCU mantle I ASU peoes and procedures real
 Woof Policies ty Illej AC 0 retinue safilWa I Ptava(s Ma Web at 
400041.46 
Coposeht & badman( 
AccessbalY 
Privacy 
Freerbelot 
COMM AEA.) 
yawn* New Mina Only. 
ASV. 0lks et dont Car& 4101654550 
of 3 
7/30/2018 3:43 PM 
EFTA00807231

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807232.pdf
----------------------------------------
Position: Palace Principle. 
The Palace principle is responsible for the all aspects and parts of the owner propriety, the 
Palace, the gardens and its maintenance. Day-today operations of the Property and assure it's 
run smoothly. Manage all human resources needs and assure their work is going on perfect 
pace. Manage and arrange the appointments of the Palace visitors As well as manage the 
payroll of all stuff. The Palace principle should take responsibility of the Cars positions and 
tacking care of the regular maintenance. Manage the schedule of any matter related to the 
property with the Owner or third parties. 
Duties and Responsibilities: 
- 
Develops a comprehensive program for the Palace departments and property. 
Communicates and personally attends to VIP guests, during function. 
Prepare the annual operating budget. And analyzes all Palace, Gardens and other 
property 
Responsibility of any Event such as planning, organizing, and coordination. 
Managing household staff and overseeing day to day running of the property 
- 
Arranging appointments for personal and professional needs. 
- 
Scheduling home and Cars maintenance and repair work, and supervising the project. 
- 
Maintaining furniture, silver, offices all Palace equipment's to the highest standards. 
- Overseeing all Food and Beverage operations in the household. 
Making sure all laundry is handled with utmost care. 
Overseeing the kitchen operations and making sure the food is cooked and served up 
the best standards and to the Owner liking. Making the purchases required for the 
household. 
Manage the Owner property and report him on regular basis with the updates 
Looking after all HR requirements of the staff including paying of their salaries and 
holiday schedules 
Handling household bills and administrative duties 
Shopping for food, supplies, and other requested items 
Training the staff in their required positions. 
Hiring and training of new staff. 
Maintaining staff schedules 
- 
Looking after the garage and making sure all cars are serviced and maintained well. 
- 
Looking after the gardens and coordinating with the head gardener on work that needs 
to be done. 
Working with contractors and other companies who are involved in work in the 
property. 
EFTA00807232
--- PAGE 2 ---
Authority of Matrix: 
▪ of Design 
▪ of E 'goyim 
▪ 0,  brevet 
▪ of Brieriniona 
Deinhon Authority Man. de &anions 
IM 
Decision category 
Deaden 
Owner 
Name 
Designation 
Tasks 
Maintenance in all levels (Palaces Garden etc.) 
New change in the properly or a Re-strucutte 
Event such as planning. organiang. and coordination 
Manage all the Appointments of the Visitors and third parties. 
Managing household staff and overseeing day to day running of the properly 
Scheduling holm and Cars maintenance and repair walk 
Handling household bills and administrative duties 
Shopping (or food. supplies, and other requested liens 
Looking alter all HR tequirements of the stiff including paying of their salaries and 
holiday schedules 
Manage the Owner properly and repots him on regular basis with the updates 
Looking ally the garage and ninny sum all cars are serviced and nnituained well. 
lt miry ttnh Letitia:um and t 
E 
E 
oral fls")u l u )""""!'h''d "`" in P'''1"`P`1?,  
. . . 
EFTA00807233

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807234.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mips://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43117-84/company/... 
Generated by PitchBook for Richard Kahn, HBRK 
Associates 
Palantir Technologies I Private Company Profile 
Last Updated: 28-Sep-2018 
General Information 
pblD: 43117.84 
Description 
Developer of data fusion platforms designed to integrate, visualize, secure and analyze information. The company's data 
fusion platform is designed to help human experts perform collaborative analysis of data at scale through machine-
assisted analysis, enabling public institutions, private enterprises and the non-profit sectors to address the challenges of 
making sense of complex and diverse data. 
Most Recent Financing Status (as of 16-Jul-2018) 
An undisclosed investor sold its stake in the company to All Blue Capital and StraightPath Venture Partners on September 
01, 2017. Previously, the company raised $19.99 million of venture funding from SharesPost, EG Capital Advisors and 
Akkadian Ventures on November 23, 2016. The company is being actively tracked by PitchBook. 
Entity Types 
Private Company 
Acquirer 
Website 
www.palantir.com 
Also Known As 
Palantir 
Legal Name 
Palantir Technologies, Inc. 
Business Status 
Generating Revenue 
Ownership Status 
Privately Held (backing) 
Financing Status 
Venture Capital-Backed 
Year Founded 
2004 
Universe 
Venture Capital 
Primary 
Database Software 
Industry 
Verticals 
TMT, Artificial Intelligence & Machine 
Learning 
Employees 
2,000 
Contact Information 
Primary Contact 
Alexander Karp Ph.D 
Co-Founder. Board Member & Chief Executive Officer 
Phone: +1 (650) 815.0200 
Primary Office 
100 Hamilton Avenue 
Suite 300 
Palo Alto, CA 94301 
United States 
Phone: +1 (650) 815-0200 
info@palantir.corn 
Top 5 Similar Companies 
# Name 
Competitor Financing HQ 
Growth 
Size 
Last Financing 
Last Financing 
Status 
Location 
Rate 
Multiple 
Date/Type 
Amount 
DataHunter 
Venture 
Beijing, 
0.00% 
1.10x 
2018/Series A 
Capital- 
China 
Backed 
Collaborative 
Venture 
Burlingame, 
-0.86% 
8.23x 
2017/Grant 
SI SOM 
Drug 
Capital- 
CA 
Discovery 
Backed 
of 29 
10/18/18, 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807234
--- PAGE 2 ---
htips://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43 17.84/company/... 
Ascent 
Venture 
Tokyo. 
0.00% 
0.08x 
2018/Series A 
$10.37M 
Robotics 
Capital- 
Japan 
Backed 
Yimian 
Venture 
(Database 
Capital- 
Shenzhen, 
China 
2017/Accelerator/Inc 
Software) 
Backed 
DataFox 
Venture 
San 
-1.45% 
33.10x 
2017/Early Stage VC 
$4.96M 
Capital- 
Francisco. 
Backed 
CA 
Current Executives (8) 
Name 
Title 
Board 
Office 
Phone 
Email 
Seats 
Alexander Karp 
Co-Founder, Board 
Palo Alto, CA 
Ph.D 
Member & Chief 
Executive Officer 
Cohn Anderson 
Chief Financial 
Palo Alto, CA 
Officer 
Milo Krastev 
Executive 
Palo Alto, CA 
Mason Edwards 
Executive, 
Palo Alto, CA 
Deployment 
Strategist 
Sean Stenstrom 
Legal Counsel 
Palo Alto, CA 
Stephen Cohen 
Co-Founder, 
Palo Alto, CA 
Executive Vice 
President & Board 
Member 
James Weiss 
Business 
New York, NY 
Development 
Executive 
Joe Lonsdale 
Co-Founder 
Palo Alto, CA 
Current Board Members (4) 
Name 
Title 
Representing 
Role 
Since 
Phone 
Email 
Alexander 
Co-Founder, 
Palantir 
Co- 
Jan 
+1 (650) 
Karp Ph.D 
Board Member & 
Chief Executive 
Technologies 
Founder, 
Board 
2004 
815.0200 
Officer 
Member 
& Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
Peter Thiel JD 
Chairman & Co-
Chairman 
Jan 
+1 (408) 
Founder 
& Co. 
2004 
967.7400 
Founder 
of 29 
10/18/18.4:46 PN1 
EFTA00807235
--- PAGE 3 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/pmfiles/431I7-f4/company/... 
Shyam 
Board Member 
Palantir 
Board 
Mar 
Sankar 
Technologies 
Member 
2006 
Stephen 
Co-Founder, 
Palantir 
Co. 
Jan 
Cohen 
Executive Vice 
Technologies 
Founder, 
2004 
President & 
Executive 
Board Member 
Vice 
President 
& Board 
Member 
Deal History (19) 
# 
Deal Type 
Date 
Amount 
Raised to 
Pre-Val 
Post-Val 
Status 
Stage 
Date 
19. 
Secondary 
01- 
53.23M 
52.758 
Completed 
Generating 
Transaction - Private 
Sep-2017 
Revenue 
18. 
Secondary 
01-Jan-2017 
52.758 
Completed 
Generating 
Revenue 
Transaction - Private 
17. 
Later Stage VC 
23- 
520.00M 
52.758 
Completed 
Generating 
Nov-2016 
Revenue 
16. 
Later Stage VC 
29-Jan-2016 
5880.00M 
52.738 
519.658 
520.538 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series K) 
Revenue 
15. 
Secondary 
01-Jan-2016 
$3.00m E 
51.858 
525.008 
Completed 
Generating 
Revenue 
Transaction - Private 
14. 
Later Stage VC 
26- 
5400.00M 
51.858 
514.958 
515.358 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series )) 
Nov-2014 
Revenue 
13. 
Later Stage VC 
03- 
5635.71M 
51.458 
58.568 
59.208 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series I) 
Nov-2014 
Revenue 
12. 
Later Stage VC 
24- 
574.36M 
5816.88M 
54.938 
55.008 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series H) 
Apr-2014 
Revenue 
11. 
Secondary 
31-Jan-2014 
5742.52M 
Completed 
Generating 
Revenue 
Transaction - Private 
10. 
Later Stage VC 
27- 
5198.50M 
5742.52M 
54.738 
54.938 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series H) 
Sep-2013 
Revenue 
9. 
Later Stage VC 
11- 
5164.25M 
5544.02M 
53.868 
54.038 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series G) 
Sep-2012 
Revenue 
8. 
Later Stage VC 
06- 
570.00M 
5379.77M 
52.438 
52.508 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series F) 
Oct-2011 
Revenue 
7. 
Later Stage VC 
05- 
5162.00M 
5309.77M 
51.518 
51.678 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series El 
May-2011 
Revenue 
6. 
Later Stage VC 
25-Jun-2010 
590.00M 
5147.77M 
$640.00M 
$730.00M 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series 0) 
Revenue 
S. 
Later Stage VC 
28- 
545.25M 
557.77M 
5354.75M 
$400.00M 
Completed 
Startup 
(Series C) 
Feb-2008 
4. 
Early Stage VC 
23- 
510.52M 
512.52M 
$24.55M 
535.08M 
Completed 
Startup 
(Series B) 
Nov-2006 
3. 
Early Stage VC 
01-Jan-2005 
52.00M 
52.00M 
$5.00M 
$7.00M 
Completed 
Startup 
(Series A) 
2. 
Seed Round 
01-Jan-2004 
Completed 
Startup 
1. 
Accelerator/Incubator 
Completed 
Startup 
t Indicates an Add-On 
E Estimated 
of 29 
I 0/18/18, 4:46 PN1 
EFTA00807236
--- PAGE 4 ---
CAP TABLE HISTORY (as of 29-Jan•2016) 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Par 
Dividend 
Authorized 
Value 
Rate $ 
Original 
Issue 
Price 
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/pmfiles/43117-84/company/... 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Conversion 
% 
Pref. 
Price 
Owned 
Multiple 
Series 
92,267,136 
$0.001000 
$0.91 
$11.38 
$11.38 
lx 
511.38 
4.29% 
K 
Series 
44,994,376 
$0.001000 
$0.71 
$8.89 
$8.89 
lx 
$8.89 
2.49% 
Series 
103.705,430 
$0.001000 
$0.49 
$6.13 
$6.13 
lx 
$6.13 
5.75% 
Series 
42,735,043 
$0.001000 
$0.28 
$3.51 
$3.51 
lx 
$3.51 
2.37% 
Series 
35,002,700 
$0.001000 
$0.28 
$3.51 
$3.51 
lx 
$3.51 
1.94% 
H 
Series 
58,189,543 
$0.001000 
$0.24 
$3.06 
$3.06 
lx 
$3.06 
3.23% 
Series 
44,595,912 
$0.001000 
$0.16 
$1.98 
$1.98 
lx 
$1.98 
2.47% 
F 
Series 
117,886,772 
$0.001000 
$0.11 
$1.37 
$1.37 
lx 
$1.37 
6.53% 
E 
Series 
121,750,000 
$0.001000 
$0.06 
$0.80 
$0.80 
lx 
$0.80 
6.75% 
Series 
78,815,194 
$0.001000 
$0.05 
$0.58 
$0.58 
lx 
$0.58 
4.37% 
C 
Series 
171.078,560 
$0.001000 
$0.01 
$0.06 
$0.06 
lx 
$0.06 
9.48% 
B 
Series 
A 
1,425,000 
$0.001000 
$0.10 
$0.10 
lx 
$0.01 
2.76% 
Series Terms for: A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, H1, I, J, K (as of 29jan-2016) 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Dividend Rights 
Non-participating 
Yes 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Pay to Play 
General Voting Rights 
Non•Cumulative 
Weighted 
Average 
No 
Yes 
Deal #19: Secondary Transaction - Private, $3.23M. Completed; 01-Sep-2017 
Deal Types Secondary Transaction • 
Financing 
Venture Capital- 
Total 
$3.23M 
Private 
Status 
Backed 
Invested 
Deal 
53.23M 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Capital 
Amount 
Source 
CEO/Lead 
Alexander 
Deal 
Completed 
Raised to Date 
$2.75B --
Mgt 
Karp Ph.D 
Status 
Total Invested 
$3.23M 
Site 
Palo Alto, CA 
Deal Date 
01-Sep-2017 
Equity 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
Oceanic Partners sold a stake in the company to StraightPath Venture Partners and All Blue Capital for $3.23 million on 
September 1, 2017. 
* Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
of 29 
I0/18/18. 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807237
--- PAGE 5 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43117-84/company/... 
"Does not include grant funding 
Estimated 
Investors (2) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. All Blue Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
2. StraightPath Venture Partners 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
E Estimated 
Sellers/Exiters (1) 
# Seller/Exiter Name 
Partial/Full 
Comments 
1. Oceanic Partners 
Full 
E Estimated 
Advisors (2) 
# Advisor Name 
1. Eaton Square 
2. Gunderson Dettmer 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
Advisor: 
General 
Investor 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir Technologies 
Financials 
Financials - Fiscal Year 2017 
All Financials in thousands. USD 
Deal Multiples 
Deal Size / Revenue 
Cash Flow 
Data Origination 
Original 
Calculated 
0.01 
Yes 
Yes 
Income Statement 
Total Revenue 
Ratios 
Revenue % Growth 
3,500.000 
40.0% 
Balance Sheet 
Multiples* 
Deal #18: Secondary Transaction - Private, Completed; 01-Jan-2017 
Deal 
Secondary Transaction - 
Financing 
Venture Capital- 
CEO/Lead 
Alexander Karp 
Types 
Private 
Status 
Backed 
Mgt 
PhD 
Deal 
Completed 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Site 
Palo Alto, CA 
Status 
Source 
of 29 
10/18/18, 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807238
--- PAGE 6 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43117-84/company/... 
Deal Date 01-Jan-2017 
Raised to Date 
$2.758 
Business 
Status 
Generating 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
An undisclosed investor sold a stake in the company to EG Capital Advisors and Sensegain Asset Management for an 
undisclosed amount on January 1, 2017. 
Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
•• Does not Include grant funding 
Estimated 
Investors (2) 
Investor Name 
Status 
1. EG Capital Advisors 
New Investor 
No 
2. Sensegain Asset Management 
New Investor 
No 
E Estimated 
Advisors (1) 
# 
Advisor Name 
1. Gunderson Dettmer 
Financials 
Financials - Fiscal Year 2016 
All Financials in thousands, USD 
Deal Multiples 
Cash Flow 
Data Origination 
Original 
Calculated 
Yes 
Yes 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Lead/Sole Comments 
Form of Payment: 
Form of Payment: 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir Technologies 
Income Statement 
Total Revenue 
Ratios 
Revenue % Growth 
2,500,000 
42.9% 
Comments 
Cash 
Cash 
Balance Sheet 
Multiples* 
Deal #17: Later Stage VC, $20M, Completed; 23-Nov-2016 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital-
Total 
$20.00M 
Deal Types 
Later Stage VC 
Status 
Backed 
Invested 
Deal Amount 
$20.00M 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Capital 
Source 
CEO/Lead 
Alexander 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Raised to Date 
$2.758 
Mgt 
Karp Ph.D 
Deal Date 
23-Nov-2016 
Site 
Palo Alto, CA 
Total Invested 
520.OOM 
Equity 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
of 29 
10/18/18.4:46 PM 
EFTA00807239
--- PAGE 7 ---
intps://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/pmfiles/43 117-84/companyf 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised $20 million of venture funding from an Oceanic Partners, Prometheus Capital, IncubAsia Ventures and 
undisclosed investor on November 23, 2016. Troy Capital Partners also participated in this round. 
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
•• Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Investors (6) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Decacom Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
2. Growth Technology Partners 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
3. IncubAsia Ventures 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
4. Oceanic Partners 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
5. Prometheus Capital (Shanghai) 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
6. Troy Capital Partners 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
E Estimated 
Advisors (1) 
# Advisor Name 
1. Gunderson Dettmer 
Stock Info 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir Technologies 
Type of Stock 
Preferred 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
Financials 
Financials • Fiscal Year 2016 
All Financials in thousands. USD 
Deal Multiples 
Income Statement 
Balance Sheet 
Deal Size / Revenue 
0.01 
Total Revenue 
2,500,000 
Cash Flow 
Ratios 
Multiples* 
Revenue % Growth 
42.9% 
Data Origination 
Comments 
of 29 
I0/18/18. 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807240
--- PAGE 8 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAvcb-api/pmfiles/43117-84/company/... 
Original 
Calculated 
Yes 
Yes 
Deal #16: Later Stage VC (Series K), $88OM, Completed; 29-Jan-2016 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital- 
Total 
5880.OOM 
Deal Types 
Later Stage VC. 
Status 
Backed 
Invested 
Series K 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Capital 
Deal Amount 
$880.00M 
Source 
Pre-money 
519.658 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Raised to Date 
--
52.738 
Valuation 
Post 
520.538 
Deal Date 
29-Jan-2016 
Total Invested 
5880.OOM 
Valuation 
Equity 
Announced 
16-Jan-2015 
CEO/Lead 
Alexander 
Date 
Investor 
52.44% 
Mgt 
Karp Ph.D 
Ownership 
% Acquired 
4.29% 
Site 
Palo Alto, CA 
Stock Split 
: 1 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised $880 million of Series K venture funding from Y Ventures, Nima Capital, and Dover Madison Capital 
Management on January 29. 2016, putting the company's pre-money valuation at $19.654 billion. Rising Tide Fund, TJNS 
Capital, IT Ventures, FJ Labs, Seed-Resolute, MD Pham, Tamares Group, Nautilus Ventures, VSL Partners, Founders Equity 
Partners, SharesPost and Pokora Capital also participated in this round. 
I Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
" Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Series of Stock 
Shares Sought 
Preferred 
# of Shares Acquired 
77,328,647 
K 
Conversion Ratio 
92,267,136 
Price Per Share 
$11.38 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SERIES K TERMS 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Dividend Rights 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Non-participating 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Yes 
Board Voting Rights 
General Voting Rights 
Non-Cumulative 
Weighted 
Average 
No 
Yes 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Par 
Dividend 
Original 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Conversion 
% 
Authorized 
Value 
Rate S 
Issue 
Pref. 
Price 
Owned 
Price 
Multiple 
Series 
92,267.136 
$0.001000 
$0.91 
$11.38 
511.38 
lx 
511.38 
4.29% 
K 
Series 
44,994,376 
$0.001000 
$0.71 
$8.89 
$8.89 
lx 
$8.89 
2.49% 
Series 
103.705,430 
$0.001000 
$0.49 
$6.13 
$6.13 
lx 
$6.13 
5.75% 
of 29 
10/18/18.4:46 PN1 
EFTA00807241
--- PAGE 9 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/pmfiles/43117-84/company/... 
Series 
42,735,043 
$0.001000 
$0.28 
$3.51 
$3.51 
lx 
$3.51 
2.37% 
H1 
Series 
35,002,700 
$0.001000 
$0.28 
$3.51 
$3.51 
lx 
$3.51 
1.94% 
H 
Series 
58,189,543 
$0.001000 
$0.24 
$3.06 
$3.06 
lx 
$3.06 
3.23% 
Series 
44,595,912 
$0.001000 
$0.16 
$1.98 
$1.98 
lx 
$1.98 
2.47% 
F 
Series 
117,886,772 
$0.001000 
$0.11 
$1.37 
$1.37 
lx 
$1.37 
6.53% 
E 
Series 
121.750,000 
$0.001000 
$0.06 
$0.80 
$0.80 
lx 
$0.80 
6.75% 
Series 
78,815,194 
$0.001000 
$0.05 
$0.58 
$0.58 
lx 
$0.58 
4.37% 
C 
Series 
171.078,560 
$0.001000 
$0.01 
$0.06 
$0.06 
lx 
$0.06 
9.48% 
B 
Series 
A 
1.425.000 
$0.001000 
$0.10 
$0.10 
lx 
$0.01 
2.76% 
Investors (15) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Dover Madison Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Management 
2. FJ Labs 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
3. Founders Equity Partners 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
4. IT Ventures 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
5. MD Pham 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
MD Pham MD 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
6. Nautilus Ventures 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
7. Nima Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Suna Said 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
8. Pokora Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
9. Rising Tide Fund 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
10. Seed-Resolute 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
of 29 
10/18/18.4:46 PN1 
EFTA00807242
--- PAGE 10 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/pmfiles/43117-84/company/... 
11. SharesPost 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Sven Weber 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
12. Tamares Group 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
13. TJNS Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
14. VSL Partners 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
15. Y Ventures 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
E Estimated 
Advisors (3) 
# Advisor Name 
1. Morgan Stanley 
2. 
S F Sentry Securities 
3. Gunderson Dettmer 
Service Type 
Advisor: 
General 
Advisor: 
General 
Hired By 
Comments 
Palantir Technologies 
Palantir Technologies 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir Technologies 
Tranches (3) 
Tranche Date 
Amount 
Financing Type 
Comments 
1. 21.Oct-2015 
5554.83M 
Later Stage VC 
Stock Type: 
Preferred 
Tranche Size 
Actual 
Status: 
2.09-Dec-2015 
5125.00M 
Later Stage VC 
Stock Type: 
Preferred 
Tranche Size 
Actual 
Status: 
3. 23-Dec-2015 
5200.00M 
Later Stage VC 
Stock Type: 
Preferred 
Financials 
Financials • Fiscal Year 2015 
All Financials in thousands. USD 
Deal Multiples 
Valuation / 
11.73 
Income Statement 
Total Revenue 
1,750,000 
Balance Sheet 
Revenue 
of 29 
I0/18/18.4:46 PM 
EFTA00807243
--- PAGE 11 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAvcb-api/pmfilcs/43 117-84/company/... 
Deal Size / Revenue 
0.50 
Cash Flow 
Ratios 
Revenue %Growth 
52.2% 
Data Origination 
Original 
Calculated 
Yes 
Yes 
Multiples* 
Deal #15: Secondary Transaction - Private, $3M, Completed; O1-Jan-2016 
Deal Types 
Deal 
Amount 
Deal 
Status 
Deal Date 
Secondary Transaction • 
Private 
53.OOM 6
Completed 
01-Jan•2016 
Financing 
Venture Capital-
Status 
Backed 
Post 
525.006 
Valuation 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
CEO/Lead 
Alexander Karp 
Source 
Mgt 
Ph.D 
Raised to Date 
$1.658 " 
Site 
Palo Alto. CA 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
Undisclosed investors sold their stake in the company to a China based private investor group for $3 million in January 
2016. 
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
•• Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Advisors (2) 
# Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
1. NMS Capital Advisors 
Advisor: 
Investor 
Lead Partner: 
Nader 
General 
Afshar 
2. Gunderson Dettmer 
Financials 
Financials • Fiscal Year 2015 
All Financials in thousands. USD 
Deal Multiples 
Valuation / 
Revenue 
Lead Provider 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir Technologies 
Income Statement 
Balance Sheet 
14.29 
Total Revenue 
1.750,000 
Deal Size / Revenue 
0.01 
Cash Flow 
Ratios 
Multiples* 
Revenue % Growth 
52.2% 
I I of 29 
10l1A/IA.4:46 PM 
EFTA00807244
--- PAGE 12 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43 I 17-84/company/... 
Data Origination 
Original 
Calculated 
Yes 
Yes 
Investors & Shareholders (84) 
Active Investors (82) 
Name 
Investor Type 
Holding Investor 
Board Related Deals 
Since 
All Blue Capital 
PE/Buyout 
Minority 
Sep 2017 
#19. Secondary Transaction -
Private: New Investor. Sep 2017. 
$3.23M 
StraightPath Venture 
PE/Buyout 
Partners 
EG Capital Advisors 
Asset Manager 
Sensegain Asset 
Asset Manager 
Management 
Decacorn Capital 
Venture Capital 
Growth Technology 
Venture Capital 
Partners 
Nov 2016, $20.00M 
Minority 
Sep 2017 
Minority 
Jan 2017 
Jan 2017 
Minority 
Nov 2016 
Minority 
Nov 2016 
#19. Secondary Transaction -
Private: New Investor. Sep 2017, 
$3.23M 
#18. Secondary Transaction -
Private: New Investor. Jan 2017 
#18. Secondary Transaction -
Private: New Investor, Jan 2017 
#17. Later Stage VC: New Investor, 
Nov 2016, $20.00M 
#17. Later Stage VC: New Investor, 
IncubAsia Ventures 
Accelerator/Incubator Minority 
Nov 2016 
#17. Later Stage VC: New Investor, 
Nov 2016, $20.00M 
Prometheus Capital 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Nov 2016 
(Shanghai) 
Troy Capital Partners 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Nov 2016 
Dover Madison Capital PE/Buyout 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Management 
FJ Labs 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Founders Equity 
Secondary Buyer 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Partners 
IT Ventures 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
#17. Later Stage VC: New Investor, 
Nov 2016, $20.00M 
#17. Later Stage VC: New Investor, 
Nov 2016, $20.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, $880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, $880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, $880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, $880.00M 
of 29 
10/18/18. 4:46 PN1 
EFTA00807245
--- PAGE 13 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comhveb-api/profiles/43117.84/company/... 
MD Pham 
Nautilus Ventures 
Nima Capital 
Pokora Capital 
Rising Tide Fund 
Seed•Resolute 
SharesPost 
Tamares Group 
TJNS Capital 
VSL Partners 
Y Ventures 
PsP Ventures 
BlackRock Private 
Equity Partners 
Hercules Capital 
MicroVentures 
Mithril Capital 
Management 
Third Point Ventures 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Venture Capital 
Family Office 
Venture Capital 
Venture Capital 
Venture Capital 
Venture Capital 
PE/Buyout 
Venture Capital 
Other 
Venture Capital 
Venture Capital 
PE/Buyout 
Venture Capital 
Venture Capital 
Venture Capital 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Jan 2016 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Minority 
Jan 2016 
Minority 
Nov 2014 
Minority 
Nov 2014 
Minority 
Nov 2014 
Minority 
Nov 2014 
Minority 
Nov 2014 
Minority 
Nov 2014 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016. MD Pham MD, 
5880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016. 3880.O0M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, Suna Said, 
$880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor. Jan 2016, $880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, $880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, $880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, Sven Weber, 
$880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, $880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, $880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, $880.00M 
#16. Later Stage VC (Series K): New 
Investor, Jan 2016, $880.00M 
#14. Later Stage VC (Series J): New 
Investor, Nov 2014, $400.00M 
#13. Later Stage VC (Series I): New 
Investor, Nov 2014, $635.11M 
#13. Later Stage VC (Series I): New 
Investor, Nov 2014, $635.71M 
#13. Later Stage VC (Series I): New 
Investor, Nov 2014, $635.71M 
#13. Later Stage VC (Series I): New 
Investor, Nov 2014, $635.71M 
#13. Later Stage VC (Series I): New 
Investor, Nov 2014, $635.71M 
1343129 
I0/18/18.4:46 PN1 
EFTA00807246
--- PAGE 14 ---
hnps://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43117-84/company/... 
Hyperspeed Ventures 
Venture Capital 
RRE Ventures 
G Squared 
Broad Beach Ventures 
Venture Capital 
Michael Ovitz 
Peter Thiel 
S.A.W. Capital 
Partners 
Surender Punia 
137 Ventures 
Eric Chen 
Minority 
Apr 2014 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Apr 2014 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jan 2014 
Minority 
Sep 2013 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Sep 2013 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Sep 2013 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Sep 2013 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Sep 2013 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
Fidelity Investments 
Mutual Fund 
Granite Hill Capital 
Venture Capital 
Partners 
Lance White 
Lauder Partners 
Angel (individual) 
Venture Capital 
Lucas Venture Group 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
#12. Later Stage VC (Series H): New 
Investor, Apr 2014, $74.36M 
#12. Later Stage VC (Series H): New 
Investor, Apr 2014, $74.36M 
#11. Secondary Transaction -
Private: New Investor, Jan 2014 
#10. Later Stage VC (Series H): New 
Investor, Sep 2013, $198.50M 
#10. Later Stage VC (Series H): New 
Investor, Sep 2013, Michael Ovitz, 
$198.50M 
#10. Later Stage VC (Series H): New 
Investor, Sep 2013, Peter Thiel JD, 
$198.50M 
#10. Later Stage VC (Series H): New 
Investor, Sep 2013, $198.50M 
#10. Later Stage VC (Series H): New 
Investor, Sep 2013, Surender Punia 
MD, $198.50M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, $164.25M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, Eric Chen, 
$164.25M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, $164.25M 
#10. Later Stage VC (Series H): 
Follow-on, Sep 2013, $198.50M 
#12. Later Stage VC (Series H): 
Follow-on, Apr 2014, $74.36M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, $164.25M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, Lance White, 
$164.25M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, $164.25M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, $164.25M 
of 29 
10/18/18, 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807247
--- PAGE 15 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comhweb•api/profiles/43117.84/company/... 
Morgan Stanley 
Sozo Ventures 
Investment Bank 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
Transamerica 
Corporate Venture 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
Ventures 
Capital 
Variable Annuity Life 
Limited Partner 
Minority 
Sep 2012 
Insurance Company 
Tiger Global 
Asset Manager 
Minority 
Oct 2011 
Management 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, $164.25M 
#10. Later Stage VC (Series H): 
Follow-on, Sep 2013, $19830M 
#12. Later Stage VC (Series H): 
Follow-on, Apr 2014, $74.36M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, Michael Madison, 
$164.25M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, 5164.25M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor, Sep 2012, $164.25M 
#10. Later Stage VC (Series II): 
Follow-on, Sep 2013, $198.50M 
#12. Later Stage VC (Series H): 
Follow-on, Apr 2014, $74.36M 
#8. Later Stage VC (Series F): New 
Investor, Oct 2011, $70.00M 
Western Technology 
Lender/Debt Provider 
Minority 
Oct 2011 
#8. Later Stage VC (Series F): New 
Investment 
Investor, Oct 2011, $70.00M 
Akkadian Ventures 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
May 2011 
ARTIS Ventures 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
May 2011 
Click Ventures 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
May 2011 
Kortschak 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
May 2011 
Investments 
Benjamin Ling 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jun 2010 
Fabrice Grinda 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jun 2010 
Glynn Capital 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jun 2010 
GSV Capital 
Merchant Banking 
Minority 
Jun 2010 
Firm 
#7. Later Stage VC (Series E): New 
Investor, May 2011, 5162.00M 
#7. Later Stage VC (Series E): New 
Investor, May 2011, $162.00M 
#7. Later Stage VC (Series E): New 
Investor, May 2011, $162.00M 
#7. Later Stage VC (Series E): New 
Investor, May 2011, $162.00M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series D): New 
Investor, Jun 2010, Benjamin Ling 
Ph.D, $90.00M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series D): New 
Investor, Jun 2010, Fabrice Grinda, 
$90.00M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series D): New 
Investor, Jun 2010, $90.00M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series 0): New 
Investor, Jun 2010, $90.00M 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series G): 
Follow-on, Sep 2012, $164.25M 
of 29 
10/18/18, 4:46 PN1 
EFTA00807248
--- PAGE 16 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43 I 17.84/company/... 
Jeremy Stoppelman 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jun 2010 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series D): New 
Investor, Jun 2010. Jeremy 
Stoppelman. 590.00M 
Keith Rabois 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jun 2010 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series D): New 
Investor, Jun 2010. Keith Rabois JD, 
590.OOM 
Open Field Capital 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jun 2010 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series D): New 
Investor, Jun 2010, $90.00M 
Ulu Ventures 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jun 2010 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series D): New 
Investor, Jun 2010, $90.00M 
REV Venture Partners 
Corporate Venture 
Minority 
Feb 2008 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series C): New 
Capital 
Investor, Feb 2008. $45.25M 
Saints Capital 
Secondary Buyer 
Minority 
Feb 2008 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series C): New 
Investor, Feb 2008, $45.25M 
GFO Companies 
Real Estate 
Minority 
Nov 2006 
#4. Early Stage VC (Series B): New 
Investor, Nov 2006, $10.52M 
Jason Portnoy 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Nov 2006 
#4. Early Stage VC (Series 8): New 
Investor, Nov 2006, Jason Portnoy, 
$10.52M 
Fred Alger 
Management 
In-Q-Tel 
Asset Manager 
Minority 
Jan 2005 
Not-For-Profit 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jan 2005 
Brett Crosby 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
Christopher Michel 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
Darian Shirazi 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
David Sacks 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
#3. Early Stage VC (Series A): New 
Investor, Jan 2005, $2.00M 
#4. Early Stage VC (Series B): Follow-
on, Nov 2006, $10.52M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series D): 
Follow-on, Jun 2010, $90.00M 
#3. Early Stage VC (Series A): New 
Investor, Jan 2005, $2.00M 
#4. Early Stage VC (Series B): Follow-
on, Nov 2006, $10.52M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series C): 
Follow-on, Feb 2008, $45.25M 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004, Brett Crosby 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004, Christopher Michel 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004, Darian Shirazi 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004, David Sacks JD 
of 29 
10/18/18,4:46 PM 
EFTA00807249
--- PAGE 17 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/pmffics/43117-84/companyi... 
Founders Fund 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
Harbor Pacific Capital 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
Jared Kopf 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
Meyer Malka 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
Michael Cheung 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
Michael Dell 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
Stuart Peterson 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jan 2004 
JPMorgan Chase & 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Company 
Startup Ottawa 
Accelerator/Incubator 
Secondary Investors/Shareholders (1) 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004, Peter Thiel JD 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series DI: 
Follow-on, Jun 2010, Peter Thiel JD, 
$90.00M 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004, Jared Kopf 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004, Meyer Malka 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004, Michael Cheung 
#9. Later Stage VC (Series GI: 
Follow-on, Sep 2012, Michael 
Cheung, 5164.25M 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004, Michael Dell 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, Jan 
2004, Stuart Peterson 
#1. Accelerator/Incubator: New 
Investor 
Name 
Investor Type 
Holding Investor 
Board Related Deals 
Since 
Aeon Family of Funds 
PE/Buyout 
Minority 
Former Investors (1) 
Name 
Investor Type 
Holding Investor 
Board Related Deals 
Since 
Oceanic Partners 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Nov 2016 
#17. Later Stage VC: New Investor, 
Nov 2016, $20.00M 
#19. Secondary Transaction - Private: 
Seller, Sep 2017, $3.23M 
Lenders on Deals (2) 
Name 
Hercules Capital 
Lender Type 
Debt Provided 
Related Deal(s) 
Lender 
Senior Debt 
#13. Later Stage VC (Series I): Nov 2014, 
Completed 
of 29 
10/18/18. 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807250
--- PAGE 18 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/pmfiles/43 117-84/company/... 
Western Technology 
Investment 
Lender 
Senior Debt 
#8. Later Stage VC (Series F): Oct 2011, 
Completed 
Service Providers 
General Service (4) 
Service Provider Name 
Service Provided 
Comments 
Arete Partners 
Consulting 
EquityZen 
Advisor: General 
Start Date: 
06.Oct-2011 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Start Date: 
01-Jan-2004 
Morgan Stanley 
Advisor: General 
Start Date: 
03-Nov-2014 
Service on a Deal (25) 
Service Provider 
Name 
Service Provided 
Service To 
Deal Date 
Deal # 
Comments 
Eaton Square 
Advisor: General 
01-
Sep-2017 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
01-
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Sep-2017 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
01-Jan•2017 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
23• 
Start 
01-Jan•2004 
Technologies 
Nov-2016 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
29.0[1.2016 
Start 
01-Jan•2004 
Technologies 
Date: 
Morgan Stanley 
Advisor: General 
Palantir 
29..0[1.2016 
Start 
03-Nov-2014 
Technologies 
Date: 
S F Sentry Securities 
Advisor: General 
Palantir 
29•Jan•2016 
Technologies 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
01-0[1.2016 
Start 
01-Jan•2004 
Technologies 
Date: 
NMS Capital Advisors 
Advisor: General 
01-Jan.2016 
Lead Provider 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
26• 
Start 
01-Jan•2004 
Technologies 
Nov-2014 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
03• 
Start 
01-Jan•2004 
Technologies 
Nov-2014 
Date: 
of 29 
I0/18/18. 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807251
--- PAGE 19 ---
hlips://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43117-84/company/... 
Morgan Stanley 
Advisor: General 
Palantir 
03- 
Start 
03-Nov-2014 
Technologies 
Nov-2014 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
24- 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Apr-2014 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
31-Jan-2014 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
27- 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Sep-2013 
Date: 
O'Melveny & Myers 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
27- 
Technologies 
Sep-2013 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
11- 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Sep-2012 
Date: 
EquityZen 
Advisor: General 
Palantir 
06- 
Start 
06-Oct-2011 
Technologies 
Oct-2011 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
06- 
Start 
01•Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Oct-2011 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
05- 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
May-2011 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
25-Jun-2010 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
28- 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Feb-2008 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
23- 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Nov-2006 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
01-Jan-2005 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Date: 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Palantir 
01-Jan-2004 
Start 
01-Jan-2004 
Technologies 
Date: 
Lead Partners on Deals (27) 
Investors (26) 
Name 
MD Pham MD 
suns said 
All 
Title 
Deals 
Representing 
Deals 
Angel Investor 
MD Pham 
116. Later Stage 
VC (Series KI: Jan 
2016, 5880.00M, 
Completed 
Founder & Chief 
Mime Capital 
816. Later Stage 
Executive officer 
vc (Series ICI: Jan 
2016, 5880.00M, 
Completed 
Phone 
Email 
of 29 
10/18/18. 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807252
--- PAGE 20 ---
hops://my.pitchbook.com/wcb-api/profiles/43117.84/company/... 
Sven Weber 
Michael Ovit/ 
Managing 
Director, SP 
Investments 
Management 
SharesPost 
Angel Investor 
Michael OVIt2 
#16. Later Stage 
VC (Series KI: Jan 
2016, 5880.00M, 
Completed 
#10. Later Stage 
VC (Series H): 
Sep 2013, 
$198.5014, 
Completed 
Peter Thiel JD 
221 
Angel Investor 
Peter Thiel 
#10. Later Stage 
VC (Series H): 
Sep 2013, 
5198.50M, 
Completed 
Surender Punia MD 
Angel Investor 
Surender Punia 
sat Later Stage 
VC (Series H): 
Sep 2013, 
5198.50M, 
Completed 
Eric Chen 
Angel investor 
Eric Chen 
#9. Later Stage 
VC (Series GI: 
Sep 2012, 
5164.25M, 
Completed 
Lance White 
Angel Investor 
Lance White 
#9. Later Stage 
VC (Series GI: 
Sep 2012, 
$164.2514, 
Completed 
Michael Cheung 
Angel Investor 
Michael Cheung 
#9. Later Stage 
VC (Series GI: 
Sep 2012, 
$164.25/4, 
Completed 
Michael Madison 
Managing Director 
5020 Ventures 
09. Later Stage 
VC (Series GI: 
Sep 2012, 
$164.2514, 
Completed 
Benjamin Ling IM 
126 
Angel Investor 
Benjamin Ling 
#6. Later Stage 
VC (Series DI: Jun 
2010, 59n0014, 
Completed 
Fabrice Grinda 
149 
Angel Investor 
Fabrice Gonda 
#6. Later Stage 
VC (Series DI: Jun 
2010, 69n0014, 
Completed 
Jeremy Stoppelman 
Angel Investor 
Jeremy Stoppelman 
#6. Later Stage 
VC (Series DI: Jun 
2010, $90.0014, 
Completed 
Keith Patois JD 
139 
Angel Investor 
Keith Patois 
#6. Later Stage 
VC (Series DI: Jun 
2010, $90.0014, 
Completed 
Peter Thiel JD 
221 
Co-Founder E. 
Founders Fund 
#6. Later Stage 
Partner 
VC (Series DI: Jun 
2010, 59n0014, 
Completed 
Jason Portnoy 
Angel Investor 
Jason Portnoy 
#0. Early Stage 
VC (Series B): 
Nov 2006, 
510.52M, 
Completed 
of 29 
10/18/18. 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807253
--- PAGE 21 ---
Intps://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43I17-84/company/... 
Brett Crosby 
Angel Investor 
Brett Crosby 
e2. Seed Round: 
Jan 2004, 
Completed 
Christopher Michel 
Angel Investor 
Christopher Michel 
#2. Seed Round: 
Jan 2004, 
Completed 
Darien Shirazi 
Angel Investor 
Dalian Shirazi 
Seed Round: 
Jan 2004, 
Completed 
David Sacks JD 
Angel Investor 
David Sacks 
#2. Seed Round: 
Jan 2004, 
Completed 
Jared Kopf 
Angel Investor 
Jared Kopf 
#2. Seed Round: 
Jan 2004, 
Completed 
Meyer Mama 
Angel Investor 
Meyer Malka 
r2. Seed Round: 
Jan 2004, 
Completed 
Michael Cheung 
Angel Investor 
Michael Cheung 
#2. Seed Round: 
Jan 2004, 
Completed 
Michael Dell 
Angel Investor 
Michael Dell 
#2. Seed Round: 
Jan 2004, 
Completed 
Peter Thiel JD 
221 
Co-Founder & 
Founders Fund 
#2. Seed Round: 
Partner 
Jan 2004, 
Completed 
Stuart Peterson 
Angel Investor 
Stuart Peterson 
#2. Seed Round: 
Jan 2004, 
Completed 
Service Providers (1) 
Name 
All 
Title 
Deals 
Nude: AISna: 
Investment Advisor 
Representative. Asset 
Management 
Representing 
Deals 
NMS Capital Advisors 
Phone 
Email 
#15. Secondary 
Transaction Private: 
Jan 2016, $3.00M, 
Completed 
Investments I Buy Side (9) 
Company 
Deal Date 
Deal Type 
Name 
Seed Round 
Sourcery 
13-Sep-2016 
Technologies 
Silk 
1D-Aug-2016 
Oadium 
03-Jun-2016 
Signet 
22-Mar-2016 
Merger/Acquisition 
Early Stage VC 
(Series A) 
Joint Venture 
Deal Size 
Co-
Company 
Investors 
Stage 
55.00M 
Generating 
Revenue 
Industry 
Financial 
Software 
Generating 
Social/Platform 
Revenue 
Software 
523.31M 
Generating 
Revenue 
Startup 
Network 
Management 
Software 
Other 
Commercial 
Services 
Lead 
Partner 
Joe 
Lonsdale 
Alexander 
Karp Ph.D 
Alexander 
Karp Ph.D 
of 29 
10/18/18. 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807254
--- PAGE 22 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43117-84/company/... 
Kimonolabs 
15-Feb-2016 
Merger/Acquisition 
FT 
06-Feb-2015 
Merger/Acquisition 
Technologies 
Turboprop 
31-Jul-2014 
Merger/Acquisition 
Pop Tip 
29-Jul-2014 
Merger/Acquisition 
Kabless 
16-Feb-2013 
Merger/Acquisition 
t Indicates an Add-On 
E Estimated 
x Investor Exited Deal 
Startup 
Other Software 
Startup 
Internet Retail 
Startup 
Software 
Development 
Applications 
Startup 
Media and 
Information 
Services IB2B) 
Startup 
Other Media 
Affiliates 
Subsidiaries (3) 
Name 
FT Technologies 
Kabless 
Pop Tip 
Industry 
Location 
Internet Retail 
San Francisco, CA 
Other Media 
Sunnyvale, CA 
Media and Information Services 
New York, NY 
(B2B) 
Year Founded 
2013 
2012 
2011 
Financials 
Key Metrics (TIM) 
Amounts in thousands, USD 
(except Ratios, Multiples & per 
share items) 
Months Ending 
Dee 2017 
Start: 31-Dec-2016 
End: 31-Dec-2017 
Income Statement 
Total Revenue 
montns Ending 
Dec 2016 
Start: 31-Dec-2015 
End: 31-Dec-2016 
3,500,000 
2,500,000 
Ratios 
Revenue % Growth 
Data Origination 
Preliminary 
Original 
Restated 
Calculated 
40.0% 
42.9% 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
Months Ending 
Dec 2015 
Start: 31-Dec-2014 
End: 31-Dec-2015 
Mons Ending 
Dec 2014 
Start: 31-Dec-2013 
End: 31-11*C-2014 
1,750,000 
1,150,000 
52.2% 
76.9% 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
Signals Summary 
This company has a weekly growth rate of 0.09%, placing it in the 85th percentile of all growth rates tracked within 
PitchBook. Its underlying data points generate a size multiple that is 63.2x times larger than the median of all size 
multiples tracked within PitchBook, placing it in the 98th percentile of all size multiples tracked within PitchBook. 
of 29 
4:46 PM 
EFTA00807255
--- PAGE 23 ---
Growth Rate Summary (Weekly) 
Facebook Likes 
18.423 
Twitter Followers 
_2.219 
Similar Web Unique 
Visitors 
67,055 
Majestic Referring 
Domains 
3,921 
Social 
0.14% 
Web 
0.04% 
0.09% 
emitlifeee 
Olhoertentle 
Size Multiple Summary (x Median) 
Facebook Likes 
18.423 
Twitter Followers 
22,279 
Similar Web Unique 
Visitors 
67,055 
Majestic Referring 
Domains 
3,921 
Social 
4: 4. 
web 
85.0x 
63.2x 
Six Helene 
terteele 
Signals History 
Growth Rate History 
8.0 
6.0 
4.0 
2.0 
0.0 
2.0 
ter
Apr '18May '18 
Jun18 
Jul 18 
Aug 18 
Sep'18 
Oct 18 
Growth Ralf 
YiiteGrewth Rate 
es %dal Growth Rate 
Size Multiple History 
110.0 
100.0 
93.0 
33.0 
70.0 
60.0 
50.0 
40.0 
33.0 
A r'18 May '18 
Ain '18 
Jul '18 
Aug '18 
Sep'18 Oct 18 
Size Mulople 
Web Size Mutple 
Social Size Mutple 
Social Media Signals 
Facebook Likes 18,423 
Twitter Followers 22,279 
of 29 
10/18/18.4:46 PM 
EFTA00807256
--- PAGE 24 ---
Mips://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43117-84/company/... 
18A8K 
1838K 
18.28K 
22AK 
22.1K 
21.7K 
18.18K  
21.4K 
Ap(18 May 18 
Jun 18 
Jul'18 
Aug'18 
Sep 18 Oct18 
Apr*18 May 18 
a 
Jun 18 
Jul'18 
Aug'18 
Sep'18 0:1 
Facebook Likes 
CakulatIon Range 0 
Twitter folbwers 
Cakuiation Range 0 
Metric 
Palantir 
All 
Metric 
Palantir 
All 
Technologies 
Companies 
Technologies 
Companies 
Average 
Average 
Facebook Likes 
18,423 
64,836 
Twitter Followers 
22,279 
11,944 
Growth Rate 
0.07% 
0.21% 
Growth Rate 
0.21% 
0.19% 
Growth Rate 
54th 
48th 
Growth Rate 
81st 
45th 
Percentile 
Percentile 
Size Multiple 
21.5x 
77.6x 
Size Multiple 
61.3x 
33.4x 
Size Multiple 
88th 
50th 
Size Multiple 
97th 
50th 
Percentile 
Percentile 
Web Signals 
SimliarWeb Unique Visitors 67,055 
78K 
72K 
66K 
Majestic Referring Domains 3,921 
420K 
4.02K 
3.83K 
60K  
365K 
Ape18 May 18 
Jun 18 
Jul'18 
Aug 18 
Sep'18 Oct18 
A r 18May 18 
Jun 18 
jut •18 
Aug'18 
sep'18 Oct18 
Metric 
Unique Viseors 
Palantir 
Technologies 
Cakuialion Range 0 
All 
Companies 
Average 
SimIlarWeb Unique 
Visitors 
Growth Rate 
Growth Rate 
Percentile 
Size Multiple 
Size Multiple 
Percentile 
67,055 
19,891 
0.80% 
0.35% 
77th 
39th 
Metric 
Referring Domains 
Palantir 
Technologies 
Calatation Range e 
All 
Companies 
Average 
Majestic Referring 
Domains 
Growth Rate 
Growth Rate 
Percentile 
84.8x 
33.7x 
Size Multiple 
97th 
50th 
Size Multiple 
Percentile 
3,921 
-0.72% 
21st 
85.2x 
99th 
609 
.0.42% 
29th 
13.3x 
50th 
Ranking And Distribution 
Weekly Growth 0.09%. 85th Ssile 
of 29 
10/18/18, 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807257
--- PAGE 25 ---
https://my.pitchbook.ømhveb-api/profiles/43117.84/company/... 
-36.8% 
'0 
100 
544% 
■ 
DeclmeiFlai 
■ 
steady 
■ Grating 
■ Fas 
■ 
Rapid 
'Company 
Percentile 
Min Rate 
Max Rate 
Avg. Rate 
0.10 
-36.8% 
-0.84% 
-2.09% 
10-20 
-0.83% 
-0.24% 
-0.50% 
20-30 
-0.23% 
-0.02% 
-0.09% 
30-40 
-0.01% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
40.50 
50.60 
60.70 
70.80 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.02% 
80.90 
0.04% 
0.27% 
0.12% 
90.100 
0.28% 
544% 
1.55% 
Size Multiple 63.2x, 98th %ile 
0.00x 
1.04x 
132Kx 
■ X Smal 
■ Small 
■ Avvage ■ Large 
■ %Large 
I
Company 
Percentile 
Min Size 
Max Size 
Avg. Size 
0.10 
0.00x 
0.11x 
0.06x 
10.20 
0.12x 
0.24x 
0.18x 
20.30 
0.25x 
0.43x 
0.34x 
30.40 
0.44x 
0.67x 
035x 
40.50 
0.68x 
1.03x 
0.85x 
50.60 
1.04x 
1.59x 
1.29x 
60.70 
1.60x 
2.59x 
2.04x 
70.80 
2.60x 
5.04x 
3.61x 
80.90 
5.05x 
13.3x 
8.25x 
90.100 
13.3x 
132Kx 
164x 
Employee Signals 
Company 
Empioyee 
Growth Rate 
Growth 
Size Multiple 
Size 
of 29 
10/18/18, 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807258
--- PAGE 26 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/pmfiles/43117-84/company/... 
Palantir Technologies 
All Companies Average 
Indeed Current Job Openings: 103 
Openings by Department 
11: 
Count 
Percentile 
Percentile 
2.000 
2.648 
0.35% 
50th 
19.1x 
51st 
i.id, 18 
POI '18 
May '18 
Ion 18 
lul '18 
Atm '18 
Seo '18 
Oct '18 
■ Administration/Operations ■ Editorial ■ Engineering ■ Human Resources ■ Legal ■ 
Marketing/PR ■ Product 
Research ■ Sales 
Finance ■ Other 
OCTOBER 2018 
Department 
Open Jobs 
% Change lm 
% Change 3m 
% Change 6m 
% Change ly 
Engineering 
V 2.56% 
♦ 31.03% 
♦ 55.10% 
—
Other 
A 11.11% 
♦ 42.86% 
A 900.00% 
—
Marketing/PR 
0.00% 
♦ 66.67% 
♦ 150.00% 
—
Legal 
V 25.00% 
V 40.00% 
0.00% 
—
Research 
V 50.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
—
Sales 
V 33.33% 
0.00% 
A 100.00% 
-
Administration/Operations 
V 66.67% 
V 50.00% 
V 80.00% 
—
Editorial 
0.00% 
— 
— 
— 
Product 
V 50.00% 
V 50.00% 
V 87.50% 
—
Human Resources 
0.00% 
V 50.00% 
0.00% 
—
Finance 
V 100.00% 
— 
— 
— 
Summary 
103 
♦ 8.85% 
♦ 22.62% 
♦ 41.10% 
— 
Company signals data was calculated against 529177 companies within all companies. 
Company Signals Population: Company Signals data is tracked for active companies (i.e. have not gone out of business) 
that haven't been exited from VC, PE, or Incubator/Accelerator. Social media presence is tracked only for companies that 
have a Facebook/Twitter account; web presence is tracked only for companies whose websites are tracked by 
SimilarWeb and Majestic. 
News 
Big-Data Analytics Firm Palantir Technologies Eyes IPO - Report 
NewsNow I 18-Oct-2018 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies 
of 29 
10/18/18. 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807259
--- PAGE 27 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/pmfilcs/43117-Micompany/... 
Finding the right metrics for evaluating your bot 
Finding the right metrics for evaluating your bot 
VentureBeat 22-Sep-2018 
Tagged entities: palantir Technologic's Mout 
Morgan Stanley's long romance of Palantir pays off as IPO nears 
NewsNow 04-Sep-2018 
Tagged entities: palantir Terhnolnoinc. David Dwejs, Michael Grimes 
Billion Dollar Unicorns: Is Palantir Losing Valuation? - Sramana Mitra 
Billion Dollar Unicorns: Is Palantir Losing Valuation? 
Sramana Mitra 113•Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: palantir Terhnolnaiec. Microsoft 
The Most Disruptive Unicorns Around The World (MAP' 
The Most Disruptive Unicorns Around The World [MAP] 
ValueWalk 24-Sep-2017 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies. Airbnb, pinterest SoaceX Uber, WeWork 
Palantir's IPO Plans are lust as Secretive as the Company Itself 
With a valuation at $20 billion, Palantir is one of the world's most valuable venture-backed tech startups, but the company 
has yet to lay out any specific plans for an initial public offering. However, that hasn't stopped IPO buzz from building, ... 
Zacks 15-Sep-2017 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies. Amazon.com Agole, Hershey, PayPal Holdings 
Merck & Co.. Inc. (NYSE:MRK) And Palantir Technologies Inc Agree On Cancer Data 
Analysis Pact 
(4-traders.com) Palantir Technologies Inc and Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) German parent Merck KGaA have entered into 
a deal that will see them work together on a cancer data analytics project. This comes at a time when the use of 
technology for i... 
4-traders 18-Jan-2017 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies. Merck & Co. New York Stock Exchange 
Partnership 
(4-traders.com) PALO ALTO, Calif. and DARMSTADT, Germany, Jan. 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ 
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, 
Germany, a leading science and technology company, today announced a partnership with Palantir Technologies, 
developer of the world's mo... 
4-traders 12-Jan-2017 
Tagged entities: palantir Terhnnlnoiec 
Biq data company Palantir quietly raised another $20M in November 
Big data company Palantir quietly raised another 520M in November Posted 11 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden 
(@ingridlunden) 
Next Story The tangle of the year Palantir — that 520 billion secretive outfit that provides 
government,... 
TechCrunch 24-Nov-2016 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies 
of 29 
I0/18/18. 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807260
--- PAGE 28 ---
https://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/pmfiles/43117-84/company/... 
'Palantir may consider IPO in the future' 
Palantir may consider IPO in the future Posted on Thursday, 27 October 2016 13 14 In a Wall Street Journal (WSJ) 
technology conference in Laguna Beach, California yesterday, chief executive of data•mining start up Palantir 
Technologies,... 
Zephyr 127.Oct-2016 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies 
Whv a Palantir IPO might not be far off 
Why a Palantir !PO might not be far off Posted Jun 24. 2016 by Connie Loizos (@cookie) 444 SHARES 
Next Story JBLs 
Charge 3 waterproof speakers are big on battery andbass Earlier this week, BuzzFeed got its hands on a stock purchase 
offer... 
TechCrunch I 24•Jun•2016 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies 
Only humans, not computers. can learn or predict 
Only humans, not computers, can learn or predict Posted 11 hours ago by Joab Rosenberg 407 SHARES 
Next Story 
Joab Rosenberg Crunch Network Contributor Joab Rosenberg is the former deputy head analyst for the Israeli government 
and CEO... 
TechCrunch I 05•May-2016 
Tagged entities: palantir Technologies 
Palantir Technologies Acquires Kimonolabs 
Palantir Technologies Acquires Kimonolabs USA Published on February 16, 2016 Palantir Technologies, a Palo Alto, Calif.-
based big data fusion software provider, acquired Kimonolabs, Inc., a San Francisco, CA-based provider of a solution that... 
FinSMEs 16-Feb-2016 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies. Kimonolabs 
Palantir Technologies Inks $880M 
Palantir Technologies Inks 5880M 2015.12.24 inShare SAN FRANCISCO, CA, Palantir Technologies, a data analytics and 
security company that helps government agencies track down terrorists and uncover financial fraud, said on Wednesday it 
has... 
VC News Daily 124-Dec•2015 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies 
Palantir Technologies raises $880 million in new round of investment 
Palantir Technologies raises 5880 million in new round of investment By Bloomberg 25 Dec, 2015, 04.41AM IST Post a 
Comment READ MORE ON startup Palantir Technologies Morgan Stanley Funding Long Term Stocks For 2016... 
Economic Times I 24-Dec-2015 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies 
Palantir Technologies raises $880 min from investors 
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec 23 (Reuters) • Palantir Technologies, a big-data Silicon Valley company that helps government 
agencies track down terrorists and uncover financial fraud, has updated its most recent financing round to 5880 million. 
UK Reuters I 23•Dec-2015 
Tagged entities: palantir TerhnnInaiec 
Palantir Has Raised $880 Million At A $20 Billion Valuation 
Palantir Has Raised $880 Million At A $20 Billion Valuation Posted Dec 23, 2015 by Sarah Buhr (@sarahbuhr) Palantir, the 
of 29 
10/18/18. 4:46 PM 
EFTA00807261
--- PAGE 29 ---
htlps://my.pitchbook.comAveb-api/profiles/43 I 17.84/company/... 
data analytics platform used by government agencies and law enforcement pocketed $880 million in new funding. 
according to a... 
TechCrunch 23-Dec-2015 
Tagged entities: Palantir Technologies Palantir 
Data Analysis Firm Palantir Technologies Discloses $12914 In New Funding 
Data Analysis Firm Palantir Technologies Discloses $129M In New Funding Posted 7 hours ago by Catherine Shu 
(@catherineshu) 367 SHARES 
Next Story Palantir Technology, the data analytics firm whose clients include the U.S. 
government, has... 
TechCrunch I 09-Dec-2015 
Tagged entities: Palantir Terhnoloaing 
SEC Filings (16) 
Type 
Date 
Title 
CIK 
23-Nov-2016 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1321655 
MD A 
23-Dec-2015 
Notice of Exempt Offering of SecuritiesiAmencll 
1321655 
Notice of Exempt Offering of SecuritiesiAmendj 
1,32165‘ 
09-Dec-2015 
Dth 
21-Oct-2015 
Notice of Exempt Offering of SecuritiesiAmendj 
1321655 
23-Jul-2015 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1321655 
11-Dec-2014 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1321655 
03-Nov-2014 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1321655 
D/A 
12-Sep-2014 
Notice of Exempt Offering of SecuritiesiAmendj 
1321655 
2a 
Notice of Exempt Offering of SecuritiesiAmendj 
1321655 
14-Feb-2014 
2I /A, 
Notice of Exempt Offering of SecuritiesiAmendj 
1321655 
14-Feb-2014 
PIA 
24-Dec-2013 
1321655 
Notice of Exempt Offering of SecuritiesiAmendj 
1321655 
Dth 
10-Dec-2013 
Notice of Exempt Offering of SecuritiesiAmendj 
05-Dec-2013 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1321655 
27-Sep-2013 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1321655 
28-Jun-2013 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1321655 
D 
1321655 
16-May-2012 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
Copyright 0 2018 PitchBook Data, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Provided under contract for the exclusive use of subscriber Richard Kahn, HBRK Associates . 
of 29 
10/18/18.4:46 PM 
EFTA00807262

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807263.pdf
----------------------------------------
11/16/2018 
Palm Beach County. FL Code of Ordinances 
ARTICLE II. - SEXUAL OFFENDER AND SEXUAL PREDATOR RESIDENCE PROHIBITION 
Sec. 18-31. - Title. 
This article shall be entitled "the Sexual Offender and Sexual Predator Residence Prohibition Ordinance 
of Palm Beach County, Florida." 
(Ord. No. 06-012, § 1, 4-20-06) 
Sec. 18-32. - Findings and intent. 
(a) Repeat sexual offenders, sexual offenders who use physical violence, and sexual offenders 
who prey on children are sexual predators who present an extreme threat to the public 
safety. Sexual offenders are extremely likely to use physical violence and to repeat their 
offenses, and most sexual offenders commit many offenses, have many more victims than 
are ever reported, and are prosecuted for only a fraction of their crimes. This makes the cost 
of sexual offender victimization to society at large, while incalculable, clearly exorbitant. 
(b) It is the intent of this article to serve the county's compelling interest to promote, protect and 
improve the health, safety and welfare of the citizens of the County by creating areas around 
locations where children regularly congregate in concentrated numbers wherein certain 
sexual offenders and sexual predators are prohibited from establishing temporary or 
permanent residence. 
(Ord. No. 06-012, § 3, 4-20-06) 
Sec. 18-33. - Definitions. 
The following words, terms and phrases, when used in this article, shall have the meanings ascribed to 
them in this section, except where the context clearly indicates a different meaning: 
Daycare center. Any building or shelter in which custodial care is rendered to children, and for which 
compensation is received in the form of a payment, fee, grant, goods or services in kind for any of the 
children receiving care, whether or not operating for profit or which is held out to the public to be an 
establishment which regularly provides child custodial care. The term also refers to the child care operation 
associated with the building or shelter, and also includes specialized child care facilities for the mildly ill. A 
daycare center includes the parking lot, curtilage, yards, landscaped areas, playgrounds, accessory buildings 
and all outdoor areas of the facility. 
Park. A publicly owned or operated area used or available for the public's use as a recreational facility, 
including, by way of example and not limitation, water parks, linear parks and County recreational trail 
systems. 
1/4 
EFTA00807263
--- PAGE 2 ---
11/16/2918 
Palm Beach County. FL Code of Ordinances 
Permanent residence. A place where a person abides, lodges, or resides for fourteen (14) or more 
consecutive days. 
Playground. An established or dedicated outdoor area for recreation and play, including, by way of 
example and not limitation, soccer fields, baseball diamonds, football fields and locations with outdoor 
equipment, such as, by way of example and not limitation, swing sets, climbing apparatus and slides. 
Sexual offender. For purposes of this article, a sexual offender is a person whose victim was, at the time 
of the offense, less than sixteen (16) years old. 
Sexual predator. (1) As defined in F.S. § 775.21, or (2) as defined by the state or jurisdiction of the United 
States where said sexual predator was convicted, or (3) an offense committed in another state or 
jurisdiction of the United States where the person would be considered a sexual predator if that offense had 
been committed in the State of Florida. 
Temporary residence. A place where the person abides, lodges, or resides for a period of fourteen (14) 
or more days in the aggregate during any calendar year and which is not the person's permanent address, 
or a place where the person routinely abides, lodges, or resides for a period of four (4) or more consecutive 
or nonconsecutive days in any month and which is not the person's permanent residence. 
(Ord. No. 06-012, § 4, 4-20-06; Ord. No. 2011-033, § 1, 11-15-11) 
Sec. 18-34. - Sexual offender and sexual predator residence prohibition; exceptions. 
(a) It is unlawful for any person who has been convicted of a violation of F.S. §§ 794.011, 800.04, 
827.071, or 847.0145, as may be amended from time to time, regardless of whether 
adjudication has been withheld, in which the victim of the offense was less than sixteen (16) 
years of age, to establish a permanent residence or temporary residence within one 
thousand (1,000) feet of any school, day care center, park, playground, or other place where 
children regularly congregate. This article shall also apply to any person who has been 
convicted of a similar provision of law in any state or jurisdiction of the United States and 
where an offense is committed in another state or jurisdiction of the United States where the 
person convicted would be considered a sexual predator if that offense had been committed 
in the State of Florida. 
(b) For purposes of determining the minimum distance separation, the requirement shall be 
measured by following a straight line from the outermost property line of the permanent 
residence or temporary residence to the nearest outermost property line of a school, day 
care center, park, or playground. 
(c) Exceptions. A person residing within one thousand (1,000) feet of any school, day care center, 
park, or playground, does not commit a violation of this article if any of the following apply: 
(1) The person established the permanent residence or temporary residence and reported 
214 
EFTA00807264
--- PAGE 3 ---
11/16/2018 
Palm Beach County, FL Code of Ordinances 
and registered the residence pursuant to F.S. §§ 775.21, 943.0435 or 944.607 prior to 
the effective date of the ordinance from which this article is derived. 
(2) The sexual offender or sexual predator established the permanent residence prior to 
the effective date of the ordinance, provided however, that at the end of the then 
current rental term, in the case of a lease, the sexual offender or sexual predator shall 
be required to abandon that permanent residence and establish a new permanent 
residence at a location that is not within one thousand (1,000) feet of any school, day 
care center, park or playground. 
(3) The person was a minor when he/she committed the offense and was not convicted as 
an adult. 
(4) The person is a minor. 
(5) The school, park, day care center or playground within one thousand (1,000) feet of the 
person's permanent residence or temporary residence was opened after the person 
established the permanent residence or temporary residence and reported and 
registered the residence pursuant to F.S. §§ 775.21, 943.0435 or 944.607. 
(Ord. No. 06-012, § 5, 4-20-06; Ord. No. 2011-033, § 2, 11-15-11; Ord. No. 2014-020, § 1, 7-22-14) 
Sec. 18-35. - Applicability. 
This article shall apply in the unincorporated areas of the County only. 
(Ord. No. 06-012, § 6, 4-20-06) 
Sec. 18-36. - Enforcement. 
This article is enforceable by all means provided by law. The provisions of this article shall be enforced 
by the County Sheriff's Office. Additionally, the County may choose to enforce this article by seeking 
injunctive relief in the Circuit Court of the County. 
(Ord. No. 06-012, § 7, 4-20-06) 
Sec. 18-37. - Penalty. 
Any violation of any portion of this article shall be punishable as provided by law. A person who violates 
this article shall be punished by a fine not exceeding five hundred dollars ($500.00) or by imprisonment for 
a term not exceeding sixty (60) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Any person violating any of the 
provisions of this article shall be prosecuted in the same manner as misdemeanors are prosecuted. 
Additionally, if the offender is supervised by the department of corrections under conditional release, the 
offender may be charged with a violation of his or her supervision and be returned to state custody. 
3,4 
EFTA00807265
--- PAGE 4 ---
11/16)2018 
Palm Beach County. FL Code of Ordinances 
(Ord. No. 06-012, § 8, 4-20-06) 
Secs. 18-38-18-60. - Reserved. 
4/4 
EFTA00807266

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807267.pdf
----------------------------------------
boomerang 
o carnets::=: 
March 20, 2019 
Thomas World Air 11.0 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffrey E. Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St. Thomas, USVI, 00802, USA 
Re: CPD # Dex0537202 
Dear Thomas World Air LW: 
Please find enclosed the following document for your motor tour abroad. Please sign carnet number Dex0537202 
on the front cover where it says 'Holders Signature." This document expires 3/20/2020. 
"•FOR US VEHICLES - Please see enclosed certificate of disposition. This MUST be completed, signed and 
stamped by US customs upon the final re-importation of your vehicle to the US••• 
"• FOR CANADIAN VEHICLES — Please see enclosed certificate of location. This is the last page In your carnet. 
This MUST be completed, signed and stamped by Canadian customs upon the final re-importation of your 
vehicle to Canada••• 
In the event your vehicle is not returned to the U.S. but is permanently imported into another country, it is 
essential that the customs of that country examine the vehicle and complete the certificate. It is also necessary to 
provide documents from the proper authorities to show that all duties and taxes have been paid or waived. This is 
required prior to the application of the Loss Prevention Security discount. 
Please ensure that each "souche" used in your carnet is properly stamped on exit from each country and that the 
stamp contains the emblem of the country concerned and its name or the name of the border crossing point. Also 
ensure that any souches used remain in the camet for proper discharge. All subsequent unused pages must be 
returned Intact as well. Note that there will be a US$400.00 charge for the non-return of any carnet document. 
It is illegal to operate your vehicle in the country where it is registered or in any foreign country without valid 
registration plates. The onus therefore Is placed entirely upon you to ensure that your vehicle is currently 
registered at all times in accordance with the traffic laws of the country of registration and with the terms of the 
1949 Convention on Road Traffic. 
Be sure to carry with you a list of the contents of your vehicle. Some foreign customs require the importer to 
produce a detailed inventory especially if the contents contain sleeping or camping equipment or other valuable 
Items such as cameras. This list will facilitate customs clearance. 
Please write to us should you wish to chare your travel experiences or have any information of interest to other 
travelers. For up-to-date country alerts and warnings please go to the Department of State International travel 
web site: https://travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/country.html. 
We trust you will have a pleasant journey and a safe return. 
Thom 
de Passa 
Info@CPDCarnet.co 
East Dundee Rd, Building 4, Suite 110, Barrington, IL 60010 — 847.852.3100 - 
EFTA00807267
--- PAGE 2 ---
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
CERTIFICATE OF DISPOSITION 
OF IMPORTED MERCHANDISE 
Customs arective 3550-17A 
Port 
This is to certify that U.S. Customs and Border Protection disposed of the articles described below in the manner indicated. 
Imported From 
Importing Carrier 
Consignee 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Date of Arrival 
Imported By 
Thomas World Air LLC 
BE of Lading Number 
Date of Disposition 
Place "X" in the block opposite applicable item, or explain in Item 9, Other. 
K 1. Released from CBP under consumption entry number 
(Check if appropriate) K Released as part of fhe quantity under the 
K 2. Transferred to bonded warehouse under warehouse entry number 
(Check if appropriate) K Released as part of the quantity under the 
K 3. Transferred to unclaimed storage (general order). (No entry completed.) 
K 4. Transferred to foreign trade zone. 
K 5. In transit to 
K 6. In transit to 
K 7. Exported for 
K 8. Items covered under ATA Carnet number 
❑X 9. Other CPD Dex0537202 
under I.T. entry number 
for exportation to 
above consumption entry. 
above warehouse entry. 
under T. & E. entry number 
under I.E. entry number 
Marks and Numbers 
On Packages 
Number and Kind 
Of Packages 
Description of Merchandise 
Quantity 
2015 Onyx Black GfiC Yukon XL 1500 
Chassis No: 1GKS2SKJ9FR646337 
CBP Officer 
Name: 
Badge Number: 
Signature: 
Date: 
Stamp Here 
CBP Form 3227 (12/08) 
EFTA00807268
--- PAGE 3 ---
4) 
Holder and address / 
of redress, 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffery E. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 USA 
Epstein. Valdson V. Cotrin 
CPD DE(0537202 
no. 
Valid .re 
than one year, that is until I 
VaIrd•
pas un en. soil rusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
..... Inclusive / 'gigue 
issued by / Dolma par 
Boomerang Carnets 
E. Dundee Rd., Building 4, Suite 110 
Barrington. Illinois 
60010. USA 
The validity of this camel is subject to compliance by the holder during 
this period with the customs laws and regulations of the country/ 
customs territory visited / 
Ce camel 'este valable sous reserve quo le laulaire no asset de remetir. pen-
dant cello period''. los condemns prevues par Ion lots of reglomenis dounmers 
du paysnenitoiredouerier visite 
Validity extended until / Vafidll6 prolongdo sisqu'au • 
CARNET DE PASSAGES EN DOUANE 
FOR MOTOR VEHICLES AND TRAILERS / POUR VEHICULES A MOTEUR ET REMOROUES 
This carnet Is Issued for the vehicls registered in / Virgin Islands, USA 
Under no. 
TGH737 
Co camet est delivAi pow le tie 
immatricule en 
Sous le n' 
This carnet, which has boon drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Customs Conventions on the 
Temporary Importation of Private Road Vehicles (1954) and Commercial Road Vehicles (1956), 
both amended in 1992, may be used in the countries/customs territories listed on the back cover of this document, 
under guarantee of the authorized associations indicated. 
It is issued on condition that the holder re-exports the vehicle within the specified period of validity 
and complies with the customs laws and regulations relating to the temporary admission of motor vehicles 
in the countries/customs territories visited under the guarantee, in each country whore the document Is valid, 
of the authorized association affiliated to the undersigned international organization. 
ON EXPIRY, THE CARNET MUST BE RETURNED TO THE ASSOCIATION WHICH DELIVERED IT TO THE HOLDER. / 
Ce camel. qui a eta elabore salon les dispositions des Conventions douanieres relatives a 
rimportation temporaire des vehicules routiers privgg (1954) et des vehicules routiers commerciaux (1956). revisees en 1992, 
pout etre utilise darn les pays/territoires douaniers qui ligurent au dos do la couverture de ce document, 
sous la garantie des associations autorisees indictuees. 
A charge pow le titulaire de reexporter le vehicule dans le dela' de validite imparti et de se conformer 
aux lois et reglements douaniers sur ('importation temporaire des vehicules a moteur 
dans les pays/territoires douaniers vnites, sous la garantie. dans cheque pays cr0 le document est valable, 
do l'Association agree'', affiliee a ('organisation Internationale soussignee, 
A L'EXPIRATION, LE CARNET DOIT ETRE RETOURNE A L'ASSOCIATION QUI L'A otuvRe. 
issued at / DOvre a 
Barrington, Illinois, USA 
Dato  
MARCH 20, 2019 
Signature of International Organizations / 
Sgnatuto des Organisations intornationaies 
//
CM: 
lit) 
neap...41.1e. by order, tow the ettmloiolratIon, 
FIA Sabi-HMV General Mobility Aulcalobtl• a Tourism 
Attoxematta 
ow" 
to smoothieClatittal ea la IN cow I. Mobete Aciterceao A T.refeno 
Signature of Issuing Association I 
Signature do Association emettnce 
fl See reverse aide / Voir verso 
Holder's signature / 
Signature du titulars 
a 
EFTA00807269
--- PAGE 4 ---
MOST IMPORTANT 
CUSTOMS ENTRY/ DOT STAMPS 
MUST BE LEGIBLE 
IMPORTANT NOTE 
The returned Carnet must be 
accompanied by a completed 
Certificate of Location for 
proper discharge of Carnet. 
DESCRIPTION OF VEHICLE / 
Virgin Islands, USA 
Registered in / Invnatocule en 
Year of manufacture / Anne de construe-WM 2015 
Not weight of (follicle (kg) / Poids not do vehicule 019)  5,985 lbs 
Value of vehicle / Valour du Seattle USD S30 000.00 
Chassis no. I GKS2JKJ9FR646337 
Mahn imnique  GMC Yukon XL 1500 
Engine no. /Mote& N" 
Make/Marque itNn-
No. of cylinder') / Nom&o do ceindros  8 
Horsepower / N17 de ehevaux  J55 hP 
Coachwork / CarrossOno 
Typo (car. lorry... / metre, carmen ) SIN 
Colour Couleur  Onyx Black 
Upholstery / Garnitures ir-derieureS  Cocoa/Shale 
No. seats or carrying capacity / Nombre do pieces ou 
Equipment / Equipement 
, Yes 
Radio (make) / Apparel radio (marque)
Spare tyros r Pnous do roChange 
Other particulars / Divers  None 
SIGNALEMENT DU VEHICULE 
under no. / sous le It  TGH737
For official use only / Pour utilisation officiate seulernent 
Extension of validity / Prolongation de la validite 
EFTA00807270
--- PAGE 5 ---
O 
< cc 
LU 
or 
Z 
W ri cc 
> .,, r/)10 
<2o 
W 
a
W 
W 
o 
c 
I
—I 1 
oar > 14
Z X 
CC 
D cr 
• 
rw 
LD 
Z 
qui) 
(/) O 
> 
O 
al 10 
< Z0 O 11 
U 
013
a_ 
CC 
LA O>14
<
cc
O 
O 
r0
. ••••
••••• 
Importation Into ljentreo en 
of the vehicle described in this carnet / du witicuie dealt 
Valid until / Valable itiSqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
/ La sortie de 
Y. 
took place on dim key le 
 took place on /sou lieu le 
at the customs office of / par le bureau de douane de 
NOT Waal ibidome office of / par ',bureau de douane de 
Customs officers Signature / 
Signature de regent de la douane  
LlayA &.IRAN 
officers signature / 
nature de ('agent de la douane  
Helder (name, address)/ Titulaire (nom. adresse) 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffery E. Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 USA 
CPD 
no. 
Valid until / Valera iusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
Inclusive / Indus 
woad by 
Boomerang Came 
Daiwa par 
DESCRIPTION OF VEHICLE / 
Registered in / irnrnatricule en ...Y.LCOBISIElla..V.S.A 
Year of manufacture / Anne. de construction...20.15-  
Net weight of vehicle (kg) / Pole% net du wthicule (kg)....5.9115.1131. ....... 
Value of vehicle /Veleta' du vShiWe...USD.S3.0,000.OL1.._ 
Chassis no. 
...
.... 
Make I marque...13MC.Y.Wwit2CL.1.10.11. 
Engine no. / Moist M 
Make / marque...OW 
— . 
. --
No. of cylinders / Neat* de eyarmom 
Horsepower/ ND, di chevawc...35.5.119 
Coachwork / CamxiSerie 
Woe (car, lorry— / vole" (minion. ) VerY 
Colour / Couleur  Onyx Black 
Upholstery / Garnitures iiterieures Cocoa/Shale 
_ 
No. seats or carrying capacity / Nombre cis places ou C.U.....7 .... — .... 
Equipment / Equipement 
Radio (maw / Apparei radio imarrius/___Ysc 
Spare tyres / Pneus de recharge 
 ..... _ ..... — 
Other particulars / DMus NAMS. 
••••• ..... 
••••• ...... 
• ... 
••••• .... 
SiGNAI_EMEHT Dt1VOINCULE 
under no. / sous Is N. TCH7Y1
•••••• ... 
Dote of exportation / 
Casten* office of exportation / 
Date de sortie 
Bureau de douane de sortie 
Voucher registered under no. / 
VOIM pns en charge sous I0 N' 
ammo 
) 
Timbre
........ 
Customs officer's signature / 
Signature de regent de • douane 
To be returned to the customs office of importation at / 
A retainer au bureau de douane 
de 
where the carnet was registered under no. / 
Gil le carnet a el6 gds es charge main+ -- 
4—
Holder owns, soda 
/ ROAM, (nom. adresse) 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffery E. Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 USA 
DESCRIPTION OF 
Registered in / ImmaIncule en  
Virgin Ishmcks, USA 
Year of manufacture /Anne/ de construction 
2015 
Net weight of vehicle (kg) / Polds net du vehlcule(kg)...-19.15.1b& 
Value of vehicle /Valeur du wehicule 
..... 
Chassis no. ...... 1.O.15.521WFB.61/2 3.32 
Mako marque 
QM.C.latkon_2(1,1.59.4 
Eng In* no. / Meteor N. 
Make / 
No. of cylinders / Nombre de cylindree 
Horsepower/ Nb. de chevaux 
Coachwork / Carromene 
typo (car, lorry.- / voles*. cernlon. ) .51.nt 
Colour / Couleur  Onyx Black 
Upholstery / Garnitures inteneuree_.CSN986.11ale 
No. seats or oanying capacity / Nombe de pieces ou c.0 
.. 
Equipment / Equipement 
Radio (make) / Apparel radio (marque) _Yes 
Spare tyres / Pneus de recharge 
Other particulars/ Divers  None 
CP 
Valid uMll /Velalfie iusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
Inclusive / Indus 
hawed by / 
puma par 
Boomerang Carnets 
VEHICLE/ 
.
.
.
.
.
•
•
.
SIGNALEMENT DU Innocuu 
under no. /sous le W 
TGH737 
mpertation / 
 Voucher registered under no. / 
1411T,Wttcf ET SIT charge sous le N• 
 LIBYA & IRAN 
Customs office 
Bureau de downs 
Slump
Il 
Thos 
Customs officers signature / 
Signature de ('agent de ta douane 
/ 
M. The customs officer must fill in tho linos indicated on the above 
exportation voucher / 
La douano 
doff remplir !social de sortie cidessus aux tires inagithes 
—J 
EFTA00807271
--- PAGE 6 ---
O 
O 
Z 
O 
LU CC
u. S5 
< W C.) 6 
(/) 
D 
V) Z Q 
U) 
G. 
Lalja 
CA 7
C7 \.:2 
@ 
it 
gS 
O w 
3/
V) 
Q 9
W 10 
g LAI 11 
w 8 
> 14 
11.  
:58
O 
O 
Importation into ' Vontree on 
of the vehicle described in this carnet /du ~Mee dealt 
took place on / a nu lieu lo 
at the customs office of / per le bureau de doUane de 
Customs officers signature / 
Signature de regent de la douane 
rom / La sortie de... 
Valid until / Valarie jusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
took place on /eon lieu le 
NOT VALtettNeustomi office of / par le bureau de damn* de 
 tif3YA & IRAN 
Tinny p 
A,
41// !id 
s officers signature / 
Mg» 
I•
Timber 
Signature de l'agent de la douane  
Holder (memo, oddress) / Trtulaire (nom. admuo) 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffery E. Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 USA 
CPD 
no. 
Valid until /Meade jusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
Inclusive /Indus 
Issued by / Boomerang camera
od~ par 
DESCRIPTION OF VEHICLE / 
Registered In / Immatneule en. Virgin Islands USA 
Year of manufacture / Annee deconstruction 2015 
Net weight of vehicle (kg) / Poles net du ~Mule 
....... 
Value of vehicle / Vaieur du Wohlade 
chassis no.  1.GKS2JKJ9FR646337 
Make / imam GMC Yukon XL 1500 
Engine no. / Motbur 
Make / Marque  GMC
No. of cylinders / Nombre W cylindres 
.— 
. . 
Norsepower / NO. de chevaux  355 hp 
Coachwork / Cwroeserie 
Wpe (car, lorry... / voiture. cornier,. ) SW
Colour / Couleur  Onyx Black 
Upholstery/ Garnitures intårieures Cocoa/Shale 
!me« 
No. mats or carrying capacity/ Nombre de plates au C.V.! 
Equipment / Equåpement 
Radio (make) / AMPS radio Calamine YeS  
Spare tyres 1 Puss de melange ._1 
Other particulars / Dies..  None 
.... — 
••••• ... 
WI« 
SIGNALEMENT DU VEHICULE 
under ho. /sous le No  TGH737 
Date of exportation / 
Date de sortie 
Customs office of exportation / 
Bureau de downs de sortie 
Voucher registered under no. / 
Violet pris en charge sous le N. 
Customs officers signature / 
Signature de regent de la douano 
To be returned to the customs .ff
aof 
Importation at / 
A rotorrner au bureau de douano 
where the cornet was registered undo.* no. / 
le carnet Ste pris en charge eire b 
Holder (name, address) /TIkulalre(nem. adresse) 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffery E. Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 USA 
CPD
no. 
Valld unfit / ValaNelualutfue 
MARCH 20, 2020 
Inclusive / Indus 
" unit / Boomerang Carnets 
DESCRIPTION OP VEHICLE / 
Registered in / immatricuie en  Virgin Islawk  USA 
Year of manufacture / Annee de construction 
2015 
 ..... ..... 
Net weight of vehicle (kg) / Polo. net du veNwle ag).. 
Value of vehicle /Valour du ~cub   USD $30 000.90 
Chassis no.  
IGKS2H(J9FR646337 
make / marque  GMC Yukon XL 1500 
Engine no. / Moteur 
Make/Marque ahle
No. of cylinders / Sambre de cyllndres  8 
Horsepower / ND de Cheveux  355 hi 
Coachwork / Canvases* 
Typo (car, lorry... / volkure, ambit ) SUV
Colour I Couleur  Onyx Black 
Upholstery / Garnitures irli&iell/BS  C0eOa/Shale 
No. seats or carrying capacity / NOTOM de places ou 
Equipment / Equipement 
Radio (make) / Appeared radio (marque)  Yes
Spare tyros / Prerus de rechango 
. 
None 
SIGNALEMENT DU 
TG H737 
H737 
under no. / sous ku 
- 
mportation I 
 Voucher registered under no./ 
tigotvetttrffir charge sous le Ni 
LIBYA & IRAN 
// 
ff 
ts/' 
r):470/ 
Customs Nike 
Bureau de douane 
Customs officers signature / 
Signature de regent de ta douane 
mg The customs officer must fill in the lines indicated on the above 
exportation voucher / 
ta douane 
doit rem* le valet de some Ci-lossus eta lignes indiCtudes 
EFTA00807272
--- PAGE 7 ---
O 
O 
Z J 3 
w O 
(/) 
1 EE 
< 
O 
,n 
D  
< 
Z O 
0_ 
a 
CC 
< O 
< 
cc 
S= „, 7 
Z 
r_
w 
cc
ri) 
> 
Z w10 
< 2o 
W 
< QH12 
LC O
c -11
B
LC > 
z CC 
• 
• 
ci 
.4( — 
• 
Importation into / L'etunte en 
of the vehicle described In this carnet / du vet:cue) deceit 
took place on/Seca lieu le  
at the customs *Moe of / par le bane do douse do 
Customs officer's signature / 
Signature de l'agent de la doesn't 
NOT 
LIBYA 
Valid until /Valetas jusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
m / La Sortie de 
took place on /a eu Feu le 
MID 
Oaten* office of! par le bureau de downed* 
& IRAN 
',ref If 
c'or 'se 
ewe 
- officers signature / 
Signature de regent do is douano.. .... 
Stay 
Titre 
/ 
Holder (name, address) / Titulaire (n0m. adresse) 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffery E. Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 USA 
CPD
no. 
Wild until / Unable Jusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
Inclusive / Indus 
Dea
be‘ad bY / Boomerang Comets 
ne par 
DESCRIPTION OF VEHICLE / 
Registered In / Immatocule en  virgin Ishinclas USA 
Year of manufacture / Armee de construction 2015 
Net weight of vehicle (kg) / Poids net du wthiculesig)...5.285.Thi. 
Value of vehicle / Valeur du velem,* ...Uar.1.$3.0.00.0.00 
Chassis no. ....IQKSZIKNEB.644317..._ 
Make / mercoe...ONIC.Y.S.son.XL.1101 
Engine no. / Motsur ffi  
Make / Marque GM.0 
No. of cylinders / Nombre de cytindres —8.. 
••••••••••••11 
Horsepower / Nb. do theories 3$5..bn 
Coachwork / Carrossene 
Tape (car, lorry... / velure, camlon ) SW 
Colour cam,  Orly)( Black 
Upholstery / Garnitures interieures  Cocoa/Shale 
No. seats or carrying capacity/ Nornbre de places 
Equipment / Equpoment 
Radio (make) / Apparel radio (marque) 
Sparc tyres / Pneus de Whinge 
Other particulars / Divers  None 
044. .... 
Yes 
.
.
.
.
.
.
SIGNALEMENT DU VEMULE 
under no. / sous le ft• T QED? 
04. ..... 
• • 
Date of exportation! 
Customs office of exportation / 
Ono de sortie 
Bureau de dominos do sortie 
Voucher registered under no. / 
Wet eels en charge sous le hi*  
Customs officers signature! 
Signature de regent do la loam 
- 
To be returned to the customs office of importation at / 
A retOurner au bureau de douane EMS 
misers the carnet was registered under no. / 
Mt le camel a ate psis en charge sous to N° 
Holder (name, address) / Trtukure (nom. &Posse) 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffery E. Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 USA 
DESCRIPTION OF VEHICLE / 
Registered In / Immairlcul6 
AV) 141ands,,  IJSA 
Year of manufacture / Aortaedeconstruction 
2015 
Net weight of vehicle (kg)/ ()curls net du vincula 
Valuo of vehicle! Valour du vehicele 
U.SD..$30,000.0Q 
Chassis no.  
1.O1O2.4.1519M840.3,.7 
ma./ moque 
Givic YV.k4n XL 1509 
Engine no. / Meseta N'  
Make / Marque GM 
No. of cylinders Nombre de cylinckes .-  8_ 
Horsepower / Nb. do theories la.bP 
Coachwork/ Carrosserie 
Woo (car, lorry.- / vellum, carnion. ) _S1JY 
Colour /Celleur  
Onyx 
Upholstery/ Garnitures intirieures 
C999a/Shale 
. — 
No. seats or carrying capacity / Nombre de places ou 
...... 
Equipment/ Equpoment 
Radio (make) / Apparel radio (marque)  Yes 
Spare tyres / Pneus de rochange  
Other particulars / Divers None 
. . 
no. 
CPDIatta 
Valid until / %gable iusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
Inclusive! indite 
Issued by / 
mums pat 
Boomerang Camels 
SiGNALEMEMr DU VEHICULE 
antler no. /sem le 
 TGH737
Voucher registered under no. / 
allIfit on charge sous to N' 
LIBYA& 
... 
IRAN 
Customs Wee of 
Bureau de downs 
( 
Stamp 
) 
TI t ire
• 
n/ 
Customs officers signature / 
Signature de regent do Li douano 
The customs officer must fill In the linos indicated on the above 
exportation voucher / 
La dOuene MMdott temple- le valet de sorea ci-dessus aux hoes Ind/queen 
.4 
EFTA00807273
--- PAGE 8 ---
O 
O 
O 
Z J 
Lu O 
• 
(/) 
of CC 
5 
DJ O 
N (_76 
Z 
`4, 7 CO 
O. a
w
CC 
0 
LU 
ui 
D W
X 
°J 
uu 
co O 
til > 
z  CO Kt 
< O W
o 
(PcFA
o_ 
W CC
O13
> le 
Zil a 
Ie 
g 
O 
Importation into / L'entree on 
of the vehicle described in this carnet / du vehicle dealt 
Valid until / Valet* iusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
tom / La sortie do 
took place on / a eu lieu le 
NOT wt  Ditto: 
/ a eu lieu le 
at the customs office of/ per le bureau de douane de 
s office of / par le bureau de donne de 
 LIVA & RAN 
I 
Customs officer's signature / 
Signature dei'agent de a &vane.  
ms officer's signature / 
ature de regent de la dotene.. ..... 
...... 
Stamp
11/4 
Then ) 
Holder (name, address) /Tartans (nom. adresse) 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffery E. Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USV1 
00802 USA 
CPD 
no. 
Wild until / Valablo jusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
Inclusive / Indus 
lams bY / Boomerang Camets 
MINH per 
DESCRIPTION OF VIENICLN / 
Registered in / Immatricule en. ViEgin Islands,  USA 
Year of manufacture /Annee de construction  2015 
Net weight of vehicle (kg) / Peels not W vincula pea  5$85, lb*
Value of vehicle / Vales du vehicule USD $30.„000 00 
Chassis no.  IGKS2J1O9FR646337 
Make mn,que  GMC Yukon XL 1500 
Engine no. / Molar N°  
Make I Masque  GMC 
No. of cylinders / Nombre de cylindres 
Horsepower / Nb. de chevaux  355 hp 
ry
a 
ow. 
Coachwork/ Caresser. 
Typo (car, lorry.- / voilute.2ficnig" 
SUV 
Colour / Couleur  Onyx mac 
Upholstery / Garnitures intlineures  Cocoa/Shale 
No. seats or carrying capacity / Nombre de pieces W C.0 7 
Equipment / Eguspernent 
Radio (make) / Apparel radio (masque) - Yes 
Spare tyros / Prams de rechange 
Other particulars / Divers  None 
.. 
. 
SIGNALEMENT DU VEHICULE 
under no. / sous le SP  TGH737 
Date of exportation / 
Customs office of exportation / 
Date de some 
Bureau de douane de sortie 
Voucher registered under no. / 
V0IN pis en charge sous le N' 
i 
Meng 
; 
Timbre 
.1 
Customs officer's signature / 
Signature de ('agent de la douane  
To be returned to the custom 
of importation at / 
A Mourner au tsreau do douane 
de 
where the carnet was registered under no. / 
eta Is camel a 616 prix en charge eons N 1P...._ 
...... 
• • • • 
Holder (name, address) / Tindall' (nom. adresse) 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffery E. Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USV1 
00802 USA 
CPD 
no. 
vane until / Valable lutqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
Inclusive / Indus 
issued 
Daiwa par 
Boomerang Camels 
DESCRIPTION OF VIIHICLI / 
Registered in / immatricule en VD* Islands? USA 
Year of manufacture /Armee de construction 
2015 
Net weight of vehicle (kg) / Peas net du v‘Tiada Ike). 1,85 lbs 
Value of vehicle /Valeur du 
...................... 
- 
Chassis no. 
I GKS2JKJ9FR646337 
Make / Marque 
GMC Yukon XL 1500 
Engine no./ Maser N• 
— 
— 
Make / Marque GMC 
No. of cylinders / Nombre de cylindres  
Horsepower / Nb. de cheveux  355 
— ..... LANYA.& 
Coachwork / Canossarle 
11ms (car, form- / velure, union 
SUV 
Colour / Cculeur  °nYx Black 
 — 
Upholstery / Garnitures Internees C°e°11/Shele
No. mats or carrying capacity / Mentes de places ouC.U. 
Equipment Equinement 
•
MONALEMENT DU VEHICULE 
under no. /sous le N°  TGH737 
NOT VA 
mportstion / 
Customs office 
kda 
Bureau de douane 
Voucher registered under no. / 
tio fit en charge sous le W 
IRAN 
Radio (make) / Apparel redo (marque)  Yes  
Spare tyres / Pneus de recht48sne
Other particulars I Divers-- ..... ...... 
•••••• 
"4:147:1# 
Customs officer's signature / 
Signature de regent de la douane._......_ 
Stomp 
M. The customs oMcer must /Ill In the linos indicated on Us above 
corportatittgswaspr/ 
La douane 
del templit Is vole: de sorbs cl-dessus arm banes noYconos 
EFTA00807274
--- PAGE 9 ---
Importation Into / Lennee on 
of the vehicle described in this camel/du velieuleckkrit deb 
Valid until / Valable juSqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
e 
g 
E8
ca 08
we ) 'a 
PI I 
O 
W 
• 
• 
D  al 8 
in 
co 
ouj z> u310 
< 
0) 0 O 11 
p 
< 
- 13 
F 0>14 
z  
IS 
• 
/ La sect* de 
took place on / a ou iteu 
 took plate on / a eu Neu le 
at the customs office of / par le bureau de douane de 
NOT VMS moon,. office of / per le bureau Madman° de 
it. IRA* 
' 
I 
Sean* 
Mtn, 
Customs officer's signature / 
ms officer's Posture 
Signature de ('agent de la douane  
Ignature do regent de la dOusne 
Holder (name, address) / Titular° (nom. minlese) 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Driven: Jeffery E. Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 USA 
CPD 
no. 
Valid until / Valais lusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
inclusive inclus 
Imum'e b7/ Boomerang Camels
()Owe par 
DESCRIPTION OF VEHICLE / 
Registered In / Immalricul• en  Vitintisktads,..1.1SA 
Year of manufacture / Arinre de construction 2915 
Net weight of vehicle (kg) Pals net do's/Meta) (4)-.5. 925-lbs....-
value a "Micas / Valour du soh:who ....USD.S30.000.00 
Chassis no. ....InKSZUSI9F16033.Z 
Make / raems....0114C.Yuktm.XL.15119 
Engine no. / Moteur W  
Make / Marque-.0181C..  
No. of cylinders/ Nombre de menden IL.. 
Horsepower/ Nb. de chenux...355.bP..  
Coachwork/ Cerrosiarie 
1Vps Nan lorry- / volture. carmen ) suy
Colour / Couleur  OnYa Black 
Upholstery / Garnitures intekieures  Cacao/Shale 
No. seats or carrying capacity/Nombre*. places otsc.0 7 
Equipment / Equipment 
Radio (make) / Avowed radio (marque)  Yes
Spare tyres / Pneus de recluume  I 
Other particulars / Divers  Nftee 
''' 
.••••••••••• 
••• 
SIGNALEMENT OU VEHICULE 
under no. / sous le N'  T911717...  
Du of exportation/ 
Customs office of exportation / 
Date de sortie 
Bureau de douana de sortie 
Voucher registered under no./ 
VoIM pits en charge sous to N' 
Customs officer's signature / 
Signature de regent do la douare 
- 
To be returned to the customssigaof Importation at / 
A retournet au bureau do douane 
de 
- 
where the carnet was registered under no. / 
4,0 le carnet a Means en charge sous le No 
_ 
_ 
Holder (name, addram) / "%lake (ram. arkeme) 
Thomas World Air LLC 
Assigned Drivers: Jeffery E Epstein, Valdson V. Cotrin 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 USA 
DESCRIPTION OF VEHICLE SIGNALEMENT 011 VEHICULE 
Registered in / irnmatncule en  
Virgif).16.lialfirkLI.S.6 
under no. /sous le W  TOH112 
Year of manufacture /Armee de construction 
2015 
Not weight of vehicle (kg) / Pads not du velalcule(kg) 
Value of vehicle / Valour du vehicule 
Chassis no.  IOKS24.1091111463,32 
Customs office o 
rtetion 
Bureau do ammo
CPD 
no. 
Valid until / getable jusqu'au 
MARCH 20, 2020 
Inclusive / Indus 
Issued by/ 
gams gat 
Boomerang Camets 
Make / Marque 
ONIC.YnkotaXIJ51/Q 
Engine no. / Moiety PP  
Make /Marque 014C.  
No. of cylinders /Nombre de cylkelrea ..  
NOT -YAM' fftf on charge sous lo N' ...... ...... _ ..... 
Horsepower / Nb. de chevaux . 355 bp...  
LIBYA '+& IRAN 
Coachwork / Germania 
Type (can lorry.- / sorsa combs-) -SUN 
Cokiut  / Couleur  Onyx Black 
Upholstery / Garnitures initrieures 
CrgiggEttnittE... 
No. muds or carrying capacity / Nombre de places Ou C.0 
2.. 
Customs officers signature / 
Signature de regent de 
douane 
Equipment / Equipement 
Voucher registered under no. / 
Radio (make) / Apparel radio (marque) Yes  
Spare tyres / Prow de recharge  
I 
 _ 
Other particulars / Divers  None 
 M 
The customs officer must fill In the linos Mc/looted on the above 
exportetiossicher I 
dolt romper le eclat de sods cbdessus aux fires rediquees 
.
.
.
.
.
.
_
•
•
•
4-
4-
EFTA00807275
--- PAGE 10 ---
CERTIFICAT DE PRESENCE 
Name of country / Nom du pays 
The undersigned authority /raufait6 soussIgnee 
certifies that this day / certMe qua ceps 
(date to be given In lull / pitcher la date) 
a vehicle was produced et / un *Mule a Mo presenter a 
(place and oountry / lieu et pays) 
by / par 
• 
(name, address / nom, adresse) 
The vehicle was found on examination to be of the description mentioned hereunder: / 
II a ate con:date que ce vehicule repondait aux caractisistiques mentionnees ci-dessous: 
DESCRIPTION OF VEHICLE/ 
Registered In / Immalricule en  Viniitiahm4t.  U8A
Year of manufacture / Anne's de consbuction-20I 5
Net weight of vehicle pig) / Pride flat du vehicule 
Value of vehicle /Valour du vehicide.15/2..M999.199 
chassis no.  IGKS2JKJ9FR646337 
ary. 
Make / Marque  GMC Yukon .... .......... 
CPD no. 
Issued by / 
Boomerang Carnets 
New! par 
Engine no. / Motsur W 
Make / Marque..O.MC  
•••• 
B. 
ligjemporary 'moonset° 
produced / 
No. of cylinders / Nombre de cylindres 8 
sew.. 
!Mb ate present6 aucun titr 
temporaire 
..... 
Horsepower / Nb. de chevaux..155..b.P. 
• 
Coat Invork / Carrossene 
Stamp I
Tate 
Type (car, lorry... / voime, cannon...) SUV  
Colour / Couleur  Onyx Black 
••• 
Upholstery /Garnitures interieures  Cocoa/Shale 
No. seats or oanyIng capacity / Nombre de places or CAL L 
Date end place of signature / Date it Mu designators 
Equipment / Equipament 
Radio (make) Armerea radio (marque)  Yes 
soars tyres / Pneus de rechange  I 
omelet position /Ousel du (des) dgnaaire(a) 
Other particulars / Divers  None 
EitinfihiceMi 
SIGNALEMENT (nivelKam 
under no. / sous le W TO14737
A • This examination has been made on presentation of the comet 
de passages Issued for the vehicle described hero. / 
Cot examen a eta ettectue sic presentation du came de passages 
delivre pour le vehmule decal ci-contro. 
(1 MOWN formula A or B in appikabie / 
Formula A ou B e adopter survant ie cas 
IMPORTANT 
The carnet de passages en douane guarantees payment of import duties 
and taxes if a temporary imported vehicle is not duly re-exported. 
For the carnet to be regularly discharged, the exportation voucher 
corresponding to the importation voucher which was stamped by the 
customs on entry must be stamped by the customs when the vehicle 
leaves the country. 
However. It may occur that a carnet is not regularly discharged. In such 
case, the customs authorities will require proof of re-exportation, failing 
which import duties and taxes will have to be paid. 
In order to avoid difficulties in establishing proof of re-exportation. 
please have this certificate of location stamped at the frontier customs 
office of the country of Issue of this carnet when you return. The 
certificate should then be returned with the carnet to the issuing club 
so that it may discharge you from your liabilities. 
This certificate must be compieted either by a consular authority of the 
country in which the papers should have been discharged or by an 
official authority (customs, police. mayor, tudlCial officer, etc.) of the 
country in which the vehicle is examined. 
AVIS IMPORTANT 
Mgr
gas en douane garantit le paiement des droits et taxes 
au cas o0 un vithIcule Imports temporairement dans le 
territoire 
pas dement reexporte. 
Pour qu'un cametaiLragplMrement decharge, le volet de sortie cones-
pondant au volet 
sur lequel la douane a appose un timbre a 
l'entreedoit etre tampons par la douanequand le vehicule quitte le pays. 
Toulefois, it pout arrive, qu'un carnet ne soil pas riegutierement de-
charge. Dans un lel cas, les autoritts douanieres exigent la preuve de 
reexportation 
• 
ute de quoi Mos exigeront le paiement des 
droits et taxes
Alin M 
MIMI 
difficulties pour fournIr la motive de la re-
exportation, nous 
- 
fake limbrer ce certificat de presence 
par la douano do pays 
du carnet lots de votre retour dans ce 
pays. Ce cenificat dolt alors titre reloume. avec le carnet, au club emet-
tour, afin de lui perrnettre de vous &pager do votre responsabAte. 
Ce 
- 
rempli sea par une autorile consulake du pays 06 
le titre 
tornporaire aurait di, etre decharge. soit par une 
autorite officiele (daunt, police, make, huissier, etc.) du pays 06 le 
vehicule a ME primente. 
EFTA00807276
--- PAGE 11 ---
DIRECTIONS FOR USE 
t. Each page of the carnet provides for the temporary importation 
of the vehicle into one of the countries mentioned and not 
deleted, from the back cover. The period of temporary Importa-
tion is fixed by the laws or regulations of the country visited. 
2. On entry, the customs detach and retain the importation 
voucher, indicate on the exportation voucher the name of the 
customs office of importation and the number under which the 
carnet was registered: they must also stamp the counterfoil 
(mportation) with the official stamp of the office indicating the 
name of the customs office of importation, the date of entry and 
the signature of the customs official. The holder of the carnet 
must ensure on the spot that all entries are properly 
recorded in the document and, If necessary, have It 
completed or corrected. 
3. On exit, the customs detach and retain the exportation 
voucher: they must stamp the counterfoil (exportation) with the 
official stamp of the office, indicating the name of the customs 
office of exportation, the date of exit and the signature of the cus-
toms official. The holder of the carnet must ensure that 
all exits are properly recorded in the document and, If 
necessary, have It completed or corrected. 
4. The certificate of location on the last page of the carnet must 
be used in accordance with the instructions given on it. or the 
specific Instructions given by the Issuing association. 
5. The period of validity of the carnet lasts for a maximum of one 
year.lf necessary, a request for the carnet to be extended must 
be sent to the association in the country visited: or If such an 
association does not exist, directly to the issuing association. In 
all circumstances, the holder must ensure that he comp:es with 
the conditions of temporary importation. 
6. The carnet is the property of the issuing association, and must in 
all cases be returned to it. duly regularised. at the latest, on the 
date of expiry. II is recommended that the holder should not part 
with his vehicle (sale. destruction, etc.) before being released from 
the contractual liabilities which he has incurred with the issuing 
association. 
7. My change to be made in the camel, either with regard to the 
holder (name, address. etc.) or the vehicle (change of engine. 
colour, etc.) must be previously authorised by the issuing 
association, or through the association in the country visited. 
These changes must be approved by the customs in the 
country visited. 
8. The camel must not be used for any country whore the holder is 
normally resident. The vehicle temporarily imported under cover 
of a comet must not be loaned, abandoned, hired, sold or other-
wise disposed of without the prior agreement of the customs 
administration of the country visited and of the issuing associa-
tion. 
9. Should a camel be lost, destroyed or otherwise mislaid while the 
vehicle is abroad, or in the case of theft or abandonment of 
the vehicle, the holder should Immediately advise the issuing 
association, either directly or through the association in the 
country visited, and follow the instructions that he will be given. 
MODE 
1. Chaque feulliet du cornet correspond a on sejour tomporaire du 
vehicule dans un des pays cites. et non rayes, sur la lisle des 
i r n au dos do la couverture du carnet. La periode 
temporaire est fixie salon les legislations et regle-
mentations du pays visite. 
2. A rentroe, la domino detach° et retiont to volet 
quo 
sur le volet de sortie le nom du bureau de douane 
et le 
numbro do peso en charge du camel: alto doil opposer le timbre 
official du bureau sur la souche importation in i uant le nom du 
bureau de douane 
, Li date 
et la signature 
de regent de la douane. Le titulaire du carnet doit verifier 
our-le-champ quo touto entrée ost onregistree en bonno 
et due forme et, le cas echeant, la faire completer ou rec-
tifier. 
3. Ala sortie, la douane detache et conserve le volet de sortie: elle 
dolt opposer son timbre officiel stir la 
ation) en 
indiquant le rem du bureau de douane 
r  
e 
. la date de 
sortie et la signature de ('agent de la douane. Le titulaire du 
comet dolt verifier sur-lo-champ qua touto sortie est enro-
&tattoo en bonne et duo forme et, le cas acherint, la faire 
completer ou rectifier. 
4. Le coda-scat do presence figurant A la derniore page du carnet 
doll etre utilise conformement aux instructions fournies sur ce 
cornfield ou a cells donnees, en complement, par ('association 
emettrice. 
5. La periode de vardite du camel est de t an au maximum. En cas 
de necessit6 do prolonger la validit6 du carnet, uno demander de 
prolongation doit etre
n tee aupres de ('association du pays 
visite ou. en rabsence= toile association. directement aupres 
de rassociation emettrice. Dans tous les cas, le - 
s'assurer qu'il continue de tempter los conditions 
temporaire. 
6. Le carnet. scarlet(' do (association emettrice, doit dans tous les 
cas lui etre retourS, d0meM regularise, au plus tard a la date de 
son expiration. II est vivement recommande aux titulaires d0 ne 
Sparer de leur vehicule (vente. destruction. etc.), avant 
liberes 
dos obligations contractuelles qu'ils ont souscrites 
aupres de ('association emettrice. 
7. Toute modification apportee au camel concemant le titulaire 
(nom, &dress°, etc.) ou le vehicule (changement do moteur. de 
couleur, etc.) doit faire ('objet d'une autorisation prealable deli-
wee par ('association 6mettrico, ou par nail:isoclinic° do rasso-
ciafion du pays visite. Ces modifications doivent etre approuvees 
par radministration douankve du pays visite. 
8. Le camel ne doit pas etre utilise dans un pays ou le titulaire a sa 
reside 
h Rutile. Le vehicule import6 temporairement sous 
cowed 
me ne dog etre ni prate, ni love ni vendu, ni 
abandonne 
autre maniere sans ('accord prealabie de 
('administration douaniere du pays visite et du club emotteur. 
9. Lorsqu'un carnet est perdu, detruit ou egos* alor 
hu-
cute se home a retranger, ou en cas de vol ou 
du 
vehlcule, le titulaire dolt immediaternent en informer rassociation 
emettrice sit directement. soit par rintermediake de rassocia-
lion du pays visite, of suivre les instructions qui lul seront don-
nets. 
EFTA00807277
--- PAGE 12 ---
wrirlfarlir 
This carnet, which has boon drawn up in accordance with the provisions of tho Customs Conventions on the 
Temporary Importation of Private Road Vehicles (1954) and Commercial Road Vehicles (1956), both amended in 
1992, may be used in the following countries under guarantor) of the authorized associations Indicated: / 
Co carnet. qui a Ole ()labor° solon les dispositions dos Conventions douanibres relatives a 'Importation tomporairo dos vehiculos 
routiers paves (1954) et des vehiCules routiers comirerciaux (1956). revisees en 1992. peut etre utilise dans les pays SuivantS, sous la 
garantio des associations autorisees ci-apres. 
RICA 
Bo 
Eg 
Ke 
Le. 
Li• 
Ma 
Na 
So 
Su 
Sx 
pt: Au 
ya: Aut 
tho: Automo 
a: Automobile & 
wl: Automobile As 
ibis 
th Africa
itomob 
an• 
a: Automobile Association of South 
rica 
°bile & Tounng Club • 
e Association of 
a 
Associates 
South Africa 
ub de Libyo 
on of Zimbabwe 
Automoth
of South Africa 
t ssociat 
ublic of): 
Association of South Alm 
anese Automobile and Touring 
and: Automobile Association of South A 
Ar 
Ca 
Chi 
Col 
Co 
Ect 
Pa 
Pe 
Tn 
Ur 
RICA 
ada: 
a: Alitomov 
mbia: Touring 
la Rica: Au:omovil - 
ador: Automovil 
guay: Tour 
t: Tour,
: Automovil Club Argentine 
than Automobile Assoc' 
lob de Chile 
OtOMO 
de 
Automo vil 
Automovil Club del 
Tobago: Trinidad & Tobago A 
ay: Automovil Club dol Uruguay 
ub de Colombia
ng Club do Costa Rica 
uador (AN ETA) 
Paraguayo 
mobile Association 
I IA 3 TI IC MIDDLE CAST 
Bat 
Ind 
Ind 
Ira 
Irac 
Ja• 
Jon 
Ku 
Lo• 
Mal 
0m 
Pak 
Gat 
Sin 
Sri 
Syr 
desh: Autaintbile Association of Bangladesh 
oration of Indian Automobile Associatlo 
nesia: atan Motor Indonesia 
: Touring 
Automobile Club Islamic 
public of Iran 
: Iraq Automo 
and Touring Asso 
ion 
n: Japan Aut 
lie Federab• 
AF) 
an: Royal Automo 
Club 
Ian 
rail: Kuwait Internal 
°Mobile Club 
non: Automobile of 
Club du Liban 
ysia: Automobile 
me° •f Malaysia 
n: Oman Auto: 
e Associati 
stan: Aut 
le Association of P. 'Man 
r: Qatar • °mobile and Touring Club 
apo 
tonlobile Association of Singa 
. Automobile Association of Ceylon 
. Automobtic-Club do Syne 
ed Arab Emirates: 
Bel 
Dot 
Fin 
Gre 
Ito! 
utomobile Club de Bel 
mark': Forum 
tato M 
and': Automobile an 
o': Auto 
sy
Club of Finland (Autoliato) 
and Touring Clu 
reeco (ELPA) 
obile Club MN 
..This Camel may also be used In the following countries: under the sole and exclusive guarantee of the Issuing association." 
.Ce carnet peut etre utilise egalement dans tes pays suivaills, sons la scut() et exclusive garanlie du club Calelleur
Bu 
Ed 
Ga 
Gh 
Gu 
ria 
Rin Ida 
Set gal 
Sot alia 
Tarrania 
Ida 
NOT VALID IN 
LIBYA & IRAN 
' In these countries, the cornet Is requited only for certain categories of vehicles. 
Dans cos pays. le carnet est ezige uniquement pour cerlaines categories de vehicules.
EFTA00807278

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807279.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W
-9 
(Rev. Decant* 2014) 
Monfort of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Sente 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
Print or type 
See Specific Instructions on page 2. 
Nara (as shown on your income tax retar). Name Is requhd on this line. do rat loam this 
dank 
,j61-2/rR C.Y 
c 5 /OS 7 4: // 1,
Butness namordluegerded entity name. if different from above 
check appropriate box for federal tax classificabew check orty one of the following Seven boxes: 
D InctividuaVsole proprietor or 
• 
C Corporetbn 
SCorpoiation 0 
Partnership 
shpts-memberr LLC 
o Limited kabilay company. Enter the tax classification (oiC corporation. S.S corporation. P•parinershiP) 
Note. For a ange-member LLC that is disregardeddo not check LLC; check the appropriate box int* 
the tax classication of the single-mentor owner. 
Other (see iraeucilan) th
Trust/mate 
l': 
Exemptions 
Conlin ?mitts.; 
Exempt pa 
Exemption 
code al wry) 
few to wrowirramewmuse• 
(codes apply only to 
Odea 
) 
rchnt
idualL 8.9
yee code
al any 
from FATCA (sealing 
line above for 
We US) 
Address (number, street and apt a suite no.) ,n
670 0 
get, 
lfoo. 
C 4-44/2.F0/2 
/33 
Requester's name and war° IS Optional) 
ON. state, and VP cede 
Sr, 
Mart 
dk5 , as vz co 8O-2, 
List socotre nuntherts) here (optionsl) 
la 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on line 1 to avoid 
j Social bethirit7 number 
backup withholding. For individuals, this is generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
resident alien, sole propnetor, or disregarded entity, see the Part I Instructions on page 3. For other 
9 0 
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a 
TIN on page 3. 
Note. If the account is in more than one name. see the instructions for line I and the chart on page 4 for 
guidelines on whose number to enter. 
tem 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown an this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me): and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) Ian exempt from backup on:Inhaling. Or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (RS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends. or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup f 0111014in° ; and 
3. I ern a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined betow); and 
4. The FATCA code(s) entered on this form of any) indicating that I am exempt from FATCA reporting is correct. 
Certification instructions. You m 
because you have failed to re 
all interest 
interest paid, acquisition or 
donment of 
generally. payments of 
han interest and di 
instructions on page 3. 
Sign 
Signature* 
Here 
Us. person
General Instructions 
Secton references are to the Internal Revenue Code Lnless 
Future developments. Information about developmtnts affecting Form W-9 (such 
as kgislatan enacted after we release it) is at worw.ks.goviter9. 
Purpose of Form 
An Individual or entity (Form W.9 requester) who is required to file an information 
retun wart the IRS must °ban you correct taxpayer Klentacation number aim 
which may be yaw social security number (SSN), inandual taxpayer identification 
number (111N), adoption taxpayer identification number (ATM). or inploier 
identifitaton number (eel), to report on an nfornati0n return the amount paid to 
you. or other amount reportable on an Womiatcin return. Examples of Information 
reams Include. but we not hated to. the folkarnig: 
• Form 1099.INT (interest earned or Paid) 
• Form 1099-0W (dividends. including those from stocks Cr mutual funds) 
• Fowl 1099-MISC (various types of income. pares. awards. or gross proceeds) 
• FaTn 1099-B (Sleek or mutual fund sales and certain Other transactions by 
brokers) 
• Form 1099-S (proceeds horn real estate transactions) 
• Farm 1099-K (merchant cad and third party network transactional 
Or 
L/
3 
4/ 
Empower klentliestlen nastily 
Certification 
out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you we Currontty subject to backup withholding 
dividends on your tax return, For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. For mortgage 
mad property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an Individual retirement arrangement (RA), and 
ds, you are not requIrectloagn the cakficabon, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the 
Date. 
//la 
77/ 
1098 Mane mortgage interest). 1099-E (student loan illerest).109.-T 
(tuition) 
• Form 1099-C (canceled debt) 
• Form tOliN-A (acquisition or *enactment of seated property) 
Use Farn w.9 only If you area U.S.person encoding a resident Alen). to 
provide your correct 11N. 
It you do nee rotten Form W-9 to the requester web a TW, you might eo subject 
to backup withlwaning. See Whet is bacAup wit/Wading? On page 2. 
By signing the Had-ail form. you: 
1. Certify that the 11N you are giving ks Correct (or you are wasong for a number 
to be isSuall. 
2. Certify that you are not subject to baCkup withholding. or 
3. Claim exemption from back* withholding if ye. Wee U.S. normal Pelee. If 
applicable, you are also candying that as a US. person, you acable share of 
any partners* income from a U.S. trade or business is not subject to the 
withhokling tax on foreign partners' shire of effeCthtly connected Mama ri d 
4. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (f arty) inethatio that you are 
exempt from the FATCA reporting. is carnal. See What is FATCA reporting? en 
page 2 for further formation. 
Cat. No. 10231X 
Form W-9 Rev. 12-2014) 
EFTA00807279
--- PAGE 2 ---
Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2014) 
page 2 
Note. If you we a U.S. person and a repast& gives you a form other than Form 
WS to request your TIN. you must use the requesters form Ail is SubStantialy 
sinter to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax puposes. you are considered a U.S. 
person if you are: 
• An indradual who is a US citizen or U.S. resident alien: 
• A panning* corporation. can nery. or association created oe organized in the 
United Slates or under the taws a the United States 
• An estate Wet than a fixegn estate): or 
• A domestic bust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701.7). 
Special ndes for partnerships. Partnere/nips tai conduct a trade or business in 
the United States are generally required to pay a withboicfreg tax under section 
1446 on any foreign partner? share of Mectively connected taxable Income hem 
Sikh buisnese Further. in certain cases where a Form W-9 has rot been (Moved 
the rules under section 1446 requiera partnership to presume that
 is a 
foreign person. and pay the section 1446 withholding tax. Therefore. If yitu are a 
U.S. person that is a partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the 
United States, provide Form WS to the partnership to establish your U.S. status 
and avoid section 1446 withholding on your Share Of partmrship incon e. 
the cases below. the feeowing person must gla Form W-9 to the partnership 
fee purposes of establishing its U.S. slaws and evoking withhokIng on its 
Seale there of net income from the partnership conducing a trade er business 
th the Untied States: 
• in the case of a disregarded coney with a U.S. owner, the U.S. owner of the 
diwegarded entity and not the entity; 
• in the ar e a a granter true with a US. grantor or other U.S. Owner. generally. 
the U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner of the grantor that and not the bust; and 
• in the rate a a US trust (other than a grantee trust the U.S. Mat (other than a 
grantor tnnt) and not the beneficiaries of the that. 
Foreign person. II you are a foreign person or the U.S. branch of a foreign bank 
that has elected to be treated as a U.S. person. do not use Form Witt/stead. use 
the appropriate Form WS or Form 8233 (see Publication 515, WI holding 01 Tax 
on Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Entities). 
Nonresident alien who becomes a resident seen. Generally. My a nonresident 
alien individual may use the terms of a tax treaty to reduce or eliminate U.S. tax on 
certain types el income. However, most tax treaties contain a provision known as 
a 'saving clause.' Exceptions specified in the swing clause may permit an 
exemption from tax to centime for certain types of income even after the payee 
has otherwise become a U.S. resident Oen for tax proposes. 
if you are a US. resident alien who is relying on an exception contained n the 
Sewing &see of a tax treaty to clam an emnilotion from U.S. tax on certain types 
of income. you trust attach a statement to Form W-9 that pacifies the fallowing 
five items: 
1. The treaty country. Generally. this mat be the same treaty under which you 
clamed exemption from tax as a nonresident Own, 
2. The treaty ankle addressing the atone. 
3. The ankh mentor (or location) in the lax treaty that contains the saving 
clause and its except:0ns. 
4. The type aid amount of income that queries foe the exemption from tax. 
5. Sufficient facts to justify the exernmen from tax under the terms of the treaty 
antic 
Example. Article 20 of the U.S.-China income tax treaty allows an exemption 
from tax for SChotarsho Income received by a Chinese student temporarily present 
in the United States. Under U.S. law, this student we become a resident alien for 
tax purposes if his or her stay in the Untied States exceeds 5 calendar years. 
However. paragraph 2 or the first Protocol to the U.S.-China treaty (dated Apnl 30. 
1984) aeons the proviSons of Article 20 to continue to apple even after the 
cheese student becomes a resident alien of the United States. A Chinese student 
who quases for this exception (wider paragraph 2 ol the test protocol) and is 
relying on this exception to earn an exemption from tax on his a her sthefarship 
or Islowsp income would attach to Fenn WS a Watemord that ncludes the 
information described above to support that exemption. 
If you we a nonresident seen or a foreign entity. give the requester the 
appropriate completed Form W-8 or Form 8233. 
Backup Withholding 
What is backup withholding? Persons making certan payments to you must 
untie cenan conditions withhold and pay to the IRS 28% of such PaYmentS. The 
is called 'backup withholding.' Payments that may be subject to backup 
withholding inckide Merest. tax exempt interest. dividends. broker and barter 
exchange transactions. rents. royabes, nonerriperyee pay, payments made in 
settlement of payment card and third party network traneactions, and certain 
payments from fishing boat °parolees. Real estate transactions are not subject to 
backup withholarp. 
You will not be subject to backup withholding on payments you receive if you 
gNe the requester your correct TIN. make the proper certifications. and report all 
you taxable Interest and dividendson you tax return. 
Payments you receive will be subject to backup withholding it 
I. You do not Rennin your TIN to the requester. 
2. You do me cent' yeti' TIN when repaired (see the Part II heructions on page 
fee detaes). 
3. The IRS teas the requester that you fumiehed an neared TIN. 
4. The IRS teas you that you we subject to backup withholding because you did 
not Mena/your Interest and dividends on yogi tax ream (for reportable interest 
and cteldendS ONA. or
5. You do not certify to the requester that you we not subject to backup 
withhoiding under a above (for reportable merest and &Mend accounts opened 
after 1983 only). 
Certain payees and payment are exempt from backup wlihnellfifiD. See (FemPi 
Payee code on page 3 and the separate Instructions for the Rearester of Fenn 
W-9 for more information. 
Also see Specie/ rules rot Avow-studs above. 
What is FATCA reporting? 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) regtees a participating foreign 
financial infaithtion to report a2 United Stales account holders that we specified 
United States persons. Celan payees are exempt from FATCA reporting. See 
Exemption from FATCA Welting code on Page 3 and the Instructions for the 
Requester of Fortin W-9 for mere information. 
Updating Your Information 
Yeti must provide updated informer= to we person to whom you claimed to be 
an exempt payee if you we no longer an exempt payee and arekiPate receiving 
reportable perinea In the future From this person. For example, you may need to 
provide updated inlormaton if you are a C corporation that electsto be an S 
corporation, or f you no tinge we tax (tempt. In addle n, you mutt !enflame 
Form W-9 if the name or TIN Changes for the account: for example, if the grantor 
el a grantor trust des. 
Penalties 
Failure to furnish TINA you feel to &mall your correct RN to a requester, you we 
subject to a penalty of $50 for each such faire trews your fare is due to 
reasonable cause and not to wilful neglect. 
Civil penalty for false information with respect to withholdirg. If you make a 
false ttatOnient with no reaconabln basis that cosies In no brim) withholding, 
YOU We subject to a $500 penalty. 
Criminal penalty far fah:dying information. Willluey 'Staying certifications or 
ilffernthOnS May subject you to criminal penalties nclueng fine andthr 
imprisonment. 
Misuse of Ms. II the requester discloses « uses TINs n violation of federal taw. 
the requester may be subject to civil and criminal penalties. 
Specific Instructions 
Line 1 
You must enter one Of the f011Owing on this Ft do riot leave eis me blank The 
name should match the name an your tax return. 
If this Form Wig is ft:eagle account, list first and then cede. the name et the 
person or entity whose ranter you entered in Pellet Form W-9. 
a. Individual. Generally. entre the name shown on you- tax rem If you have 
changed your last name "About informing the Social Security Admiestratken (SSA) 
of the name change. enter your rest name. the last name as shown or, your social 
security card. and your new last name. 
Note. MN applicant Enter you individual name as it was entered on your Form 
W-7 application, line ta. This should also be the same as the myna you entered on 
the Form 1010/IGKIA/I040EZ you filed with your application. 
b. eels proprietor or single-member LLC. Enter you individual name as 
shown on you 1040/10404/104CEZ on hie 1. You may enter yes business. trade. 
or 'doing business as* (DEIA) name on fine 2. 
c. Flenemilith LLC that Is note single-member LLC, C Corporation, or S 
Corporation. Enter the gratis name as shown on the ertty's tax return on ino 1 
and any business, 'Steer DOA name on Me 2. 
d. Other entities. Enter your name as shown on repaid U.S. lateral tax 
documents on line 1. This nano should match the name shown en the charier or 
ether kcal do&ment Creating the entey. You may enter any business, trade, et 
OSA name on fne 2. 
O. Disregarded entity. For US. federal tax purposes an ertty that is 
disregarded as an entity separate from its owner is treated es a 'disregarded 
entity? See RegulabOrIS section 301.7701-2(c)(2)(e). Enter the owners name ea 
line 1. The name of the entity entered on line I should never be a 'disregarded 
entity. The name on Mei those be the name shown on the leer* lax earn on 
which the thorn* mould be reported. For warmth. it a foreign LLC that is treated 
as a disregarded entity fee U.S. federal tax pepoaa has a lania Waxy that b 
US. person. the U.S. ownees name is reamed to be wooded on Fe 1. II the 
died owned the entity is also a disregarded (Witty, enter the fret owner that IS 
not disregarded for federal tax purpose. Enter the disregarded entity's name on 
Yid 2, 'Business name/disregarded entity nine? If the owner el the trattgalded 
entity Is a foreign person, the owner trust complete an appropriate Form W41 
mend of a Form WS. This is the case even d the foreign person has a U.S. TIN. 
EFTA00807280
--- PAGE 3 ---
Form W.9 Fee 12-2014) 
Page 3
Line 2 
If you hereon:sires name, trade name. OEM norm,, or deregated entity nano. 
you may enter 4 on Me 2. 
Line 3 
Check the appropriate box h line 3 for the U.S. federal tax dassthcation of the 
person whose name is entered on line 1. Cheek only one box In Ine 3. 
Limited Liablity Company (LLC). If the name on Me 1 is an LLC treated as a 
pertnerstip for U.S. federal tax purposes. check the -tirrined theility Company' 
box and enter la' in the space provided. II the LLC has Ned Form 8832 or 2553 to 
be taxed as a corporation. check the 'Limited Liability Company box and N the 
space provided enter 'C' Ice C corporation or •S' for S repeater. li t  is a 
sing4e.member LLC that Is a disregarded era's, do not check the Uneed Lisa/4y 
Compare* box, instead chock the rest box In ine 3 enclivraVer proprietor or 
sirglemembet LLC' 
Line 4, Exemptions 
If you are exempt from barm withholdng ardor FATCA reportit, enter en the 
appropriate space In tine 4 any codes) that may apply to you. 
Exempt payee code. 
• Generray. irewiduas endure solo proprietors) are not exempt from bart 
withholdng. 
• Except as provided below, corporations are exempt from backup withholding 
for certain payments, ncluckig interest a-id &beers. 
• Corporations are not exempt tern backup w voice:rig for payments Tad* ri 
settlement of payment card or third party network transactions. 
• Corporations are net exempt from backup withholding with respect to attorneys' 
fees or grins proceeds paid to attorneys. and corporations that provide medical or 
health are services we not exempt with respect to payments reportable on Form 
1099-MISC. 
The blowing codes Identity payees that are exempt from baclap wirofing 
Enter the appropriate code n the space it Me 4. 
1—An organization exempt Iran tax under section 501(a), any IM, a a 
custodial account under section 403(0X7) t the account satisfies the rearemente 
a section 401(!2) 
2— The United States a any of a agencies or instrunentataies 
3—A state. the District of Columbia. a U.S. comnerwearm « possession, or 
any of thor political subdivisions a inseurnentalitles 
4—A foreign gOVeTrileflt or any of its political sublvisions. armee Or 
instrumentalities 
5—A corporation 
6—A dealer n securities or conmodees required to register in the limed 
States. the District of Columbia, a a US. cormionevealth or possession 
7—A futures catenate merchant registered with the Commodity Futures 
Tradkig Commission 
*—A real estate investment trust 
9—An entity registered at al times raring the tax year under the Inverter 
Company Act of 1940 
10—A corrrisso Mot fund operated by a bank under section 584(a) 
11—A franca Institution 
12—A middleman known n the :vestment conformity as a nominee or 
Custodian 
13—A trust exempt from tax wider section 664 or deSCribed in section 4947 
The following chart shows types el payments that may be exempt from backup 
wtvciding. The chart apples to the exempt payees Wed above. 1 through 13. 
IF the payment is for... 
THEN the payment IS exempt for... 
Interest and dividend payments 
Al etemPt payees except 
for 7 
Broker transactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 and 6 
through 11 and at C corporations. S 
corpcalicets must not enter an exempt 
payee code because they we theme,
only for sales of nor-owed sautes 
amaired prior to 2012. 
Bate exchange transactions and 
patronage dividends 
Exempt payees I @wane 4 
Pelmets over 5600 regained to be 
reported and deect sales over 55.0001
Generally. exempt payees 
through 51
Payments made iii settlement of 
Parent and a third party network 
transactions 
Exempt payees I through 4 
I See Form 1099-MISC. Miscellaneous Income. and b insbbons 
'However. the f 01010n9 naYrnents made to a corporation and reportable on Form 
1090MISC are not exempt from backup withholding: medical and health care 
payments. attorneys' fees. gross proceeds paid to an attorney reportable under 
section 6oism. and payments for services paid by a federal executive agency. 
Exemption from FATCA reporting code. The blowing codes de sty payees 
that we exempt kern reporting under FATCA. Thar codes Star to Persona 
thbrrelting Mis form for accounts maintained outside of the Unted States by 
omen foreign Mancial :restitutions. Therein if you are only skating the form 
for an erase you hold is the United States, you may leave the field blank 
Consult with the person requesting this form if you are wenn d the linnet 
institution is subject to these requirements. A recpaiWer may indicate that a code is 
not required by providing you with a Form W.9 with 'Noe Applicable* (or any 
simile indication) written or parted on the Me for a FATCA exemption code. 
A —An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) or any individual 
retirement pan as defined In section 7701(y07) 
Et — The United States or any of its agencies or astrumentalaies 
C—A state, the District of Cokembia. a US. commornvealthcepOssession, or 
any of the political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
0—A corporation the ark of which is regularly traded on ore or more 
established securities nudists, as deserted in Regulations section 
1.1472-1(cKlIg) 
E —A corporation Tan o a member of the same expanded ateuted group as 
corporation described in Regulations section 1.1472-1(cyle0 
F —A dealer' in securities. commode:its, a derivative Mangle netruments 
enclosing notional principal contracts, futures, forwards. and options) that as 
registered as such under the laws of the Unted States a any slate 
G —A real estate investment trust 
H—A regulated investment cream as defined n section 851 or an entity 
registered et all times during the tax mar under the Investment Company Act of 
1940 
I —A corner trust fund as defined n section 564(a) 
J —A bank as defined in section 581 
K —A broke 
L—A truth exempt from tax under section 664 or desated i  section 4947(a)(1) 
M—A tax exempt !WV under a section 403(0) pith or section 457(9) plan 
Note. You may with to consult with the financial insetutian requesting this form to 
Ottoman° whether the FATCA orb and/or exempt payee code snood be 
complied. 
Line 5 
Enter your address (number, street, and apersent or suer curled. This is whore 
the requester of this Form W-9 will mad your information returns. 
Line 6 
Enter your ca, state. and ZIP code. 
Part I. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN In the remarks% bee. If you are a resident awn and you do not 
have and are not *able to get an SSN, your TIN is your IRS individual taxpayer 
identification number (MM. Enter II in the social security number box. If you do net 
have an ITIN. see Now fo get a YIN below. 
If you are a sole proprietor and you have an EIN. you may enter either your SSN 
EIN. However, the IRS prefers that you we your SSN. 
II you are a single.mernter LLC that is disregarded as an entity separate from its 
owner Pee Limited :Jab* Company iLLC) on this page), enter me owner's SSN 
(or EIN. if the owner has one). Do not enter the disregarded enta's EIN. If the LLC 
darted a a corporation or partnership, enter the entity's EN. 
Note. See the chart on page 4 for fuller clarification 01 name and TIN 
combiners. 
How to get a TIN. If you do not have a TIN. apply for One immertety. TO apply 
or an SSN, get Form SS-5. Application for a Social Socenty Cat, from your local 
SSA office or get the form online at www.ssagov. You may also get this form by 
calling 1-800772-1213. Use Form W-7, Application for IRS Individual Taxpayer 
Identification Nunes, to apply to an MN, a Form SS-4. Application for Employer 
Identification Number, to apply toe an ON. You can apply for an EIN erne by 
accosts.° the IRS wiebaito at vanykspoyfttaJnesses and dome on Empiefer 
toreetitcatir Number MIN) tale Starting a Business. You can get Forms W.7 and 
SS-4 tem the IRS by visiting IRS.gov or by calling 1.800-TAX-FORM 
(1-800.629.3676). 
If you are asked to cantata Form W-9 Si do not have allN. apply fora TIN 
and write 'Applied For In MO space for the TIN, sign and date eye form, ire give 
to the requester. Fa interest ad dividend payments. and certain payments made 
with respect to ready tradable itstruments. generally you will have 60 days to get 
a TIN and give it to the requester before you are eerie to backup maholdng on 
payments. The 60 day rule does not apply to other types of payments. You will be 
subject to backup wthhoking on al such payments wild you provide your 714 to 
the requester. 
Note. Entering *Applied For' means that you nave meaty applied for a TIN or that 
you intend to apply for one soat 
Carom A disrepraeled US. onto That nes a *stair owner must use the 
anprOpeiate Po:meet-A 
EFTA00807281
--- PAGE 4 ---
Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2014) 
Page 4 
Part II. Certification 
To estatifsh to the wehholdng agent that you are a U.S. person. or resident e'en, 
sign Form W-9. You may be requested lo sign by the withhokfing agent even if 
Items 1.4. or 5 below indicate otherwise. 
For a pant account. only the person *lose TIN is shown in Part I Should sign 
(when required) In the case of a doegarded entity, the person Identified on The 1 
met sign. Exempt payees. see Exempt payee code earlier. 
Signature requirements. Gametes the certification as incfcated 0 items 1 
through 5 below. 
1. Interest. eividend, and barter exchange accounts opened before 1984 
and broker accounts considered active dunng 1983. You must give your 
correct TIN. but you do not have to sign thU Cectficaten. 
2. Interest, dividend, broke+, end barter exchange accounts opened after 
1983 and broker accounts considered inactve during 1983. You must sign the 
certificates or backup withholding mit apply. If you aro subject to backup 
vrenholcing and you we merely providing your correct TIN to the requester, you 
trop oron out Ocen 2 in the certification before signing the lam 
3. Reel estate transactions. You mint sign the aitilloaben. You may clefs out 
kern 2 of the certification. 
4. Other payments. You must give your correct TW. but you do not have 10 sign 
the certifcation Legless you have been notified that you have weer* given en 
hone/ TIN. -Other payments' include payments made in the course el tee 
requesters trade or business for rents, royalties. goods (Ow than bis for 
merchandso). medical and health care services (including payments to 
corporations), payments to a nonemployee lot services. garments made in 
Seteentent of payment card ad thed parry network tansadions. payments to 
cotes feting boat orow members and fithenren, and gross proceeds paid to 
attorneys (rocluang payments to corporations). 
5. Mortgage interest paid by you, acquisition or abandonment of secured 
property, cancellation of debt, qualified tuition program payments (under 
section 529), IRA. Coveedell ESA, Archer MSA or NSA contributions or 
distributions, and pension distributions. You must 0* your correct TIN, but you 
do not have to tgn the certification, 
What Name and Number To Give the Requester 
Far this type of account 
Give name and SSN of: 
1. Indira's) 
2. Two or more indiveluals (pint 
account) 
3. Custodian account of a minor 
(uniform Get to Minors Act) 
4. a. The usual revocable savings 
trust (grantor is also trustee) 
b. So-called mist account that is 
not a legal or veld trust under 
state Law 
5. Sole proprietorship or disregarded 
entity Owned by an individual 
6. Grantor trust filing under Optional 
Form 1099 Fling Method 1 (see 
ReguiSPOS section 1.671-4(b)N(I 
The indivieual 
The actual owner of the account or. 
if combined funds, the first 
Individual on the accent' 
The minor' 
The gramontrustee 
The actual owner' 
The owner!
The grantor 
For this type of account 
Give name and EIN of: 
7. Thetegaidel entity not owned by an 
8. A wild trust. estate. a pension bust 
9. Corporation or LLC elm:trig 
corporate Status co Form 8832 a 
Form 2553 
10. Association, club. religicus, 
charitable. educational, Or other tax-
exempt organization 
11. Partnership or mule-member LLC 
12. A broker or registered nominee 
13. Accord with the Department 01 
Agrieuture n the named a pubic 
entity (such as a state or local 
goverment. school district, or 
prison) that receives agriculture 
Seer payments 
14. Grantor trust filing under the Form 
1041 Fig Method or the Optional 
Form 1099 We Method 2 (see 
Reg 
its section 1.871.4(b)(2)0) 
931) 
use snit as cede ow name of tie pence time meter youeenah. II Cat one ptmonon 
Idis accast has an We milt emcees weber must be turrahed. 
'Circle the Inner. name and rumen the minor's ESN. 
The *ems 
Legal entity 
The Dammam 
The organisation 
The partnership 
The broker or nceninee 
The public entity 
The Mast 
'You met sew yds needed name and neu may also enter you buses or CEA rare Co 
the 'Bushes nernektreauded reply' nano line You may ere ether aye SSW to EN Of you 
ham ce.). a.4 the IRE ercaroges you to uee yVV SSN 
'list Yet and ado Be name d the rust elate. a mimeo two too nor rumba the TN of the 
prams reoweentsam e, Mateo etas the legs entity t will is not deematee nth. 6[0:Kart 
Mit) MAO see Specialoks lorparonees on pen 2. 
'Note. Grantee also neat prando a cam W.9 to feat°, or Mat 
NOte. It nO name a Girded when more than one name is listed. the lumber will be 
considered to be that of the first name listed. 
Secure Your Tax Records from Identity Theft 
Identity theft occurs when someone uses your personal infOrMatiOn Sint es your 
name. SSN, a other Identifying information Mthout yOtr per
 to corm* 
fraud a other cranes. An identity thief may isle your SSN to get a lob or may file • 
tax return using your SSN to receive a refund. 
To reduce your risk: 
• Protect yew SSN. 
• Enure your employer le protecting yaw SSN. and 
• Be careful when choosing a tax preparer. 
If your lax records are affected by Identity theft and you rare a notice from 
the IRS. respond right away to the name and phone numbs anted on the MS 
notice ce letter. 
II your tax records are not currently affected by identity theft but you think YOU 
we at risk due to a lost a stolen purse a we ltd. questionable credit card safety 
or credit report. contact the IRS Identity Theft liodne at 1-800433-4490 or submit 
Form 14039. 
For more isformabon. see Publication 4535, !dotty Theft Prevention and Victim 
Assistant*. 
Victims of Identity theft who se experiencing economic harm a a system 
Problem. Or we Seeking help in resolving tax problems that have not been restated 
trough normal channels, may be eligible Ice Taxpayer Advocate Service (TAS) 
assistance. You can reach TAS by Carp the TAS toll-free case ntske line at 
1477-7774778 or TTY/TOO 1-800629-4059. 
Protect yourse“ from suspicious snails or phishing schemes. Pheshing is the 
creation and use of email and websites designed to min* legitimate business 
snails and websitos. The most carmen act is saving at erns to a user fats* 
claiming to be an eV-lb/reed legitimate enterprise in an attempt to scan the user 
into summckeng private information that voi be used la identity theft. 
The IRS does not initiate contacts with taxpayers via emits. Also, the IRS does 
not request persons detailed information through email ce met tuPaYers for the 
PIN numbers. paeSwOrclE. Or similar secret access laceration b their credit card. 
brink. Or other financial accounts. 
II you receive an Lemolloted email Musing to be from the IRS. forward the 
message to periringOiregov. You may also report misuse of the IRS name. Ingo. 
or other RS property to the Treasury imp000r Geese for Tax Administration 
(WM) at 1400.366'4484. You can forward suspicious malls to the Federal 
Trade Con minion at: spantucsgov or contact them at www et gOvfitltheff Or 
1-87740T/4M 04M-43S-4334 
Visit IRS.ocre to learn rncro about Identity theft led how to reduce your risk 
Privacy Act Notice 
Section 6109 of the Internal Revenue Code requires you to prow* you correct 
TN to persons enrAding federal agencies) wise are required to fie Informatien 
returns with the IRS to report interest. (*Wends, or certain other name pad to 
you: mortgage interest you paid: the acquiseim or abandonment of secured 
property: the canceration of debt. Or contributions you made to an IRA. Archer 
MSA a NSA The person collecting this form uses the irdameben on the loran to 
fee Info motion returns with the IRS. reporting the above inform:Mon Routine uses 
of this hlormatcn include giving 4 to the Department of Melee tix civil and 
Crinti apatite, and to cities. states. the District of Columbia. and U.S. 
commonwealths and possessions foe use in administering their awe. The 
intonation also may be disclosed to Other' countries under a treaty, to federal and 
state agencies to enforce civil and crintinal laws, or to federal law enforcement and 
intelligence agencies to combat terrorism You must prow:fey*: 11N vottether or 
not you aro required to file a tax return. Under section 34436, panes must genial 
withhotcl a percentage of taxable glow* clividellet, and certain ether payments to 
a payee who dues not give a TIN to the payer. Cereal penalties may also apply for 
CeOvideg false or fraudulent Information. 
EFTA00807282

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807283.pdf
----------------------------------------
PARK PARTNERS 
320 EAST 82 ST I NEW YORK I NY 
January 22, 2019 
Dear Partner, 
As we enter 2019, I want to wish you a very happy and successful New Year! 
In regard to the Park Mansion, please find the below updates: 
1. Currently, we sold two units and have one unit with an accepted offer. 
2. We signed a contract on the 4th Floor Unit and will be closing in April. 
3. The market remains very challenging and our team is working hard to generate traffic 
for potential buyers. 
4. We began investigating the possibility of changing the zoning for the Maisonette unit to 
open the market beyond a residential buyer. 
5. As noted in the previous letter, we have one unit that is being rented and we are using 
the cash flow from that unit to help defray the carrying costs of the unsold units. 
6. Lastly, we are working on obtaining our permanent Certificate of Occupancy and hope 
to report that we will have this within the next few months. 
Please find attached a CNBC article (also an article printed in Wall Street Journal) that describes 
the conditions of the current market, which is obviously quite different than the market that 
was present when we entered into this investment. 
As always, I am grateful for your trust and I am available at any time to answer any questions. I 
am best reached through email : 
David J. Mitchell 
745 5th Avenue, New York, NY 10151 
(T) 1-212-486-4444 • (F) 1-212-320-0474 
EFTA00807283
--- PAGE 2 ---
A new report says New York City's 
real estate downturn is deepening, 
and may not hit bottom for months 
• A new report from Warburg Realty underscores how deeply New York City's real estate 
market has swooned, with the real estate firm estimating prices have tumbled between 10 
and 20 percent since Faking in 2015. 
• "I do think it will be at least six months before it stabilizes around a new level from which 
expansion is possible." wrote Warburg CEO Frederick Peters in a new report. 
Javier E. David I @TeflonGeek 
Published 5:12 PM ET Sun. 30 Dec 2018 
Epics I Hutton Archive I Getty Images 
A view of new building developments in downtown Brooklyn. February 26th 2017. 
There may be another bear market under way — in New York City real 
estate. 
For much of 2018, housing in the Big Apple has been entrenched in a 
buyer's market, where prospective homeowners are able to extract lower 
prices from those looking to sell. 
A new report from Warburg Realty underscores just how deep the 
problem is, with the real estate firm estimating prices have tumbled 
between 10 and 20 percent since peaking in 2015. Since the start of the 
fall season, reluctant sellers have relented and offered steeper discounts 
on their homes, Warburg said, adding that the market may not hit bottom 
for months. 
"The news from the post-Thanksgiving period is that this price 
capitulation has begun driving deals," wrote Frederick Peters, Warburg's 
CEO, in the firm's fourth quarter NYC market report. "In December 
sellers whose pricing reflected the new market realities sold their 
properties, especially where inventory remains limited." 
EFTA00807284
--- PAGE 3 ---
The landscape of the city's residential market is mixed. Warburg pointed 
to several bright spots like Brooklyn's brownstones and Central Park 
West's ultra-high-end luxury homes as places where properties are being 
sold quickly and at high prices. 
Overall, however, New York City has become a microcosm of a national 
housing market in the throes of a downturn — if not an outright 
correction. Home prices in Manhattan slid more than 3 percent in 
November versus the prior year, according to StreetEasy data, with 18 
percent more homes on the market during the month than the comparable 
year-ago period. 
"While I don't believe the market has much further to fall, I do think it 
will be at least six months before it stabilizes around a new level from 
which expansion is possible," Peters added. 
Still, the city is building residential units at breakneck speed, raising the 
possibility that many of those vacancies will go unfilled in the coming 
months. A February report from analytics firm CoStar Groupshowed that 
New York City has more than 60,000 units under construction — the most 
of any U.S. city tracked by the firm. 
Although CoStar data shows vacancy rates in the city have hovered 
between 2 percent and 4 percent, Warburg characterized the market's 
ability to absorb new units as "slow," especially among newly 
constructed condominiums. 
As a result, "it will require several more years for the full complement of 
inventory in this category to enjoy full absorption," Peters wrote. 
"As we look to the months ahead, price capitulation remains key. Sellers 
who cannot accept the essential shift in market dynamics will likely see 
their properties linger on the market," he said. 
Javier E. David 
senior editor 
EFTA00807285

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807286.pdf
----------------------------------------
PARK PARTNERS 
320 EAST 82 ST I NEW YORK I NY 
May 29, 2018 
Dear Partner, 
Please find the below highlights of our development at 320 East 82 Street, New York. 
1. We finally received our Temporary Certificate of Occupancy ("TCO") from the New York 
City Department of Buildings ("NYC DOB"). 
2. We recently switched brokers; our new brokers are Lauren Muss from Douglas Elliman 
and Daniella Schlisser from Brown Harris Stevens. Both are top brokers in New York City 
and are very enthusiastic about the project. Even though they are from two different 
firms, they will work together cooperatively. I have included their backgrounds as an 
attachment to this letter. 
Lauren and Daniella have a series of events planned to showcase our finished building to 
the public and brokerage community. We will make sure to invite you to these events, 
and if possible, I encourage you to attend these events so you can see firsthand the 
finished project. 
3. The market is still very challenging. The combination of the non-deductibility of State 
and Local Taxes and the abundance of new and existing product in the marketplace has 
forced us to create new strategies to keep the salability of our units relevant to buyers. 
In addition, the cap on the interest deductibility on primary residences has caused a 
damper on purchases. 
In order to create interest and hopefully sales, we have dropped our prices with the 
thought that if successful, we will slowly raise prices in order to recoup the lost margin 
on the units with the lower prices. 
Our neighborhood keeps improving and multifamily buildings across the street from ours have 
almost all been converted into single-family townhouses. 
My hope is to report back to you soon on new units that will be in contract. Clearly none of the 
current climate was in the air in 2015 (when we made our investment), and we will have to 
navigate through this environment in order to return capital. 
745 5th Avenue, New York, NY 10151 
(T) 1-212-486-4444 • (F) 1-212-320-0474 
EFTA00807286
--- PAGE 2 ---
In addition to the above, we hope to get your K1 out to you within this next week. 
If you should have any questions, please do not hesitate to reach me. 
9( ------
David J. Mitchell 
745 5th Avenue, New York, NY 10151 
(T) 1-212-486-4444 • (F) 1-212-320-0474 
EFTA00807287

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807288.pdf
----------------------------------------
PARK PARTNERS 
320 EAST 82 ST I NEW YORK I NY 
August 13, 2018 
Dear Partner, 
I am delighted to inform you that we had our first 320 East 82 Street unit closing last week, 
which was Unit 3 for $5,100,000. The sale proceeds went to pay down our mortgage. 
Unfortunately, the buyer of the other unit that we had in contract has decided not move 
forward with closing and has forsaken 50% of their deposit. 
As I have written to you prior, today's market is unrecognizable to what it was one year ago. 
We are aggressively marketing all of the units with twice per week open houses and specialty 
advertising. 
In addition, we are showing the units as furnished rentals as we have a few investors that might 
be interested in the property as an income producing asset. 
The building and the staged units look beautiful and the overall neighborhood keeps improving. 
We remain cautious in our optimism but rest assured, we are doing everything possible to see 
the remaining homes sold. 
Thank you again for your trust, 
If you should have any questions, please do not hesitate to reach me. 
efir 
David J. Mitchell 
745 5th Avenue, New York, NY 10151 
(T) 1-212-486-4444 • (F) 1-212-320-0474 
EFTA00807288

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807289.pdf
----------------------------------------
PARK PARTNERS 
320 EAST 82 ST I NEW YORK I NY 
January 31, 2018 
Dear Partner, 
Happy New Year! May 2018 be filled with Success! 
I am reporting to you on the completion and sales of our project at 320 East 82 Street. 
In general, construction is complete with minor cosmetic work in the Lobby and the 1st Floor 
Maisonette unit. The (5) units above the 15` floor are fully complete and are going through the 
punchlist process to place them in deliverable form. 
Our 3rd floor buyer has upgraded their purchase to the 5th floor and has agreed as part of the 
purchase price to buy the unit without the roof terrace. The new purchase price for the 5th floor 
is $6,290,000. The additional roof space will now be allocated to the Penthouse unit, which will 
make it more marketable. 
Regarding the marketplace, the new tax plan has put quite a chill in the air for buyers within our 
price range. The chill was felt for some +90 days prior to the tax plan being passed and as a 
result, traffic has dropped off. 
In order to be proactive and to move toward preserving capital, we will launch aggressive 
incentive plans and possibly, price reductions, as well as, reallocating valuable outdoor space to 
try to create more attractive offerings. 
The Penthouse will now have the entire roof (almost 4,000 square feet in total for the entire 
unit). The f t Floor Maisonette will now be allocated the entire rear yard. The 1,500-square foot 
(30' x 50') Garden will make it one of the largest private gardens in New York. 
If you should have any questions please don't hesitate to reach me. Email is probably the best 
means of communication. 
David J. Mitchell 
745 5th Avenue, New York, NY 10151 
(T) 1-212-486-4444 • (F) 1-212-320-0474 
EFTA00807289

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807290.pdf
----------------------------------------
9:04 AM 
08/23118 
Accrual Basis 
LSJE LLC 
Account QuickReport 
As of August 1, 2018 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
Split 
Amount 
Balance 
15000 • Capital 
-3,877.65 
15250 • Autos, Vehicles & Boats 
-3,877.65 
15255 • Boat Purchase 
-3,877.65 
15253 • PRO (Cape Horn 31) 
-3,877.65 
Check 
1212=01B 
3423 
Kennys Yacht Maintenance 
Project No. 149: Refurbishment - PRD - 50% deposit 
19000 • FirstB... 
3,935.00 
57.35 
General Journal 
12/31/2016 
Per meeting with RK on 1.25.2017 
-SPLIT-
-57.35 
0.00 
Check 
cunt2017 
3425 
B.V.I. Painters Ltd. 
Estimate No. 2877 - 50% Deposit - PRD paint project 
19000 • First8... 
2,650.00 
2.650.00 
Check 
02107/2017 
3520 
B.V.I. Painters Ltd. 
Estimate No. 2877 - Balance due - PRD paint project 
19000 • FirstB... 
2,650.00 
5.300.00 
Credit Card Charge 03/30/2018 
West Marine Store 
Garmin GPS Map 741Xs - PRO 
25316 • AMEX... 
962.99 
6,262.99 
Credit Cerd Charge 07/31/2018 
Offshore Marine 
189464: Review/inspect trinVtilt. purchaseAnstall cowling switc1Vreseal lower units - 
25301 • AMEX... 
2,210.80 
8.473.79 
Credit Cerd Charge 07/31/2018 
Offshore Marine 
189576: PurchaseAnstall trim relay - Vim labs - PRD 
25301 • AMEX... 
286.14 
8,759.93 
Total 15253 PRD (Cape Han 31) 
12,837.58 
8,759.93 
Total 15255 • Boat Purchase 
12,837.58 
8,759.93 
Total 15250 • Autos. Vehicles & Boats 
12,837.58 
8,759.93 
Total 15000 • Capital 
12,837.58 
8,759.93 
TOTAL 
12,837.88 
8,759.93 
Page 1 
EFTA00807290

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807291.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00807291

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807292.pdf
----------------------------------------
Purchase 
Date 
Cost 
Paul 
Sales Proceeds 
6112/18 
Asset Description 
Symbol Quantity 
Value 
Difference 
Positions Paul Sold from Original JEE Portfolio 
Allianz SE ADR 
4/13/15 AZSEY 
5,000 
90,056 
110,733 ! 
106,200 
-4,533 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. (Formerly Dress Barn 1.3.11) 
1/16/01 
ASNA 
70,500 
1,500 000 
158.801 
322,185 
163,384 
Avalanche Blotechnologles now called Adverum Blotechnologles 
4/20/15 
ADVM 
10,000 
398,606 
32.990 
58,000 
25,010 
Bioverativ Inc -> Bought our for $105 per share Jan 2018 
2/1/17 
BM/ 
1,047 
20,254 
59.317 
109,935 
50,618 
Dish Network Corp 
6/10/15 
DISH 
5,000 
364,978 
201,998 
161,900 
40,098 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
FB 
17,500 
665,000 
2,724.907 i 3,367,000 
642,093 
Foundation Medicine Inc ->soto 24,830 of position. still holding 25k 
1/16/14 
FMI 
49,830 1.265.037 
1,153,892 I 2,500,381 
1,346,489 
Glaxo Smith l< ict PLC 
6710/15 
GSK 
5,000 
215,006 
201,998 I 
206,000 
4,002 
GoDaddy Inc. 
4/1/15 GDDY 
700 
14.000 
31.395 
51,191 
19,796 
Sangamo Therapeutics Inc ->sois 10,000 of pcoldon • still holding 40k 
— 5T28/13 SGMO 
50,000 
422,214 
139.006 
158,500 
19,494 
Twitter Inc 
11/7/13 
TWTR 
500 
39.000 
25.455 
65,235 
39,780 
Viacom Inc 
6/10/15 
VIAB 
5,000 
338,745 
144.000 
141,450 
-2,550 
Wisdomtree Investments Inc 
3/31/15 
WETF 
15,000 
324,158 
135.932 
165,600 
29,668 
ZTO Express 
10/27/16 
ZTO 
3,500 __. 
68.250 
49.105 
75,215 
26.110 
Colony Capital->Colony North star Inc. 
9/26/16 
CLNS 
73.315 
928,837 
682.695 
447,222 
-235.474 
ZTO Express 
10/27/16 
ZTO 
1,150 
22.425 
16.028 
24.714 
8.686 
Editas Medicine 
3/2/16 
EDIT I 
3,200 
102,199 i 
_ 
77.929 
115,232 
37.303 
Wisdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/13 
DXY 
60,000 
2.966.099 
3.678.265 
3.435.000 
-243,265 
TOTAL ADDITIONAL PROFIT IF PAUL HELD POSITIONS 
886,513 
EFTA00807292

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807293.pdf
----------------------------------------
Card Chomsky Rey 2009-2010 
Account a tot tome 
Posting Ds Tro0a Date Trans Code Tex Description 
tulip 
Ticker Asset Name I 
Units 
Principal Cash rc0rne Cash Cost Bas 
Disctiption 1 
Description 2 
Description 3 
Description 4 
10152309 CIIOMSKY CS REV 
20100622 20100622 DIS 
GENERAL Gin 
43000 
PAID TO CHOMSKY GRAFFOORLDREWS 
TRUST ENO AVRAM NOAM OK)MSXY 
2010 GIFT 
10152309 CHOMSKY CS REV 
20100622 20100622 INS 
GENERAL GIFT 
-13000 
PAIDTO CHOMDEYGRANDCHADREWS 
TRUST F/B/0 AVRAM ROAM CHOMSKY 
2030 GIFT 
10152309 CI IONISKY CS REV 
20100622 20100622 DIS 
GENERAL GIFT 
-13000 
PAID TO CHOMSICYGRANDORLDHENI 
TRUST F/B/0 AVRAM NOAM CHOMSKY 
2010 Gin 
10152309 CHOMSKY C S REV 
20100622 20/00622 DES 
GENERAL GIFT 
-13000 
PAID TO CHOMSKY GRANDCHILDREN'S 
TRUST F/B/0 AVRAM NOAM O10MSKY 
2010 GIFT 
10152309 LHOMSKYC 5 REV 
20100622 20100622 01$ 
GENERAL GIFT 
-/3000 
PAID TO CHOMSICIGRA/FOEHADREWS 
TRUST F/8/0 MAMA NOAM CHOMSKY 
2010 GIFT 
10152309 010M51CYC S REV 
20100813 20100813 015 
DISTRIBUTIONS TO BENEFICIARY 
48760 
PAID TO PIT201 COLLEGE F/B/0 
AVRAM NOANICHOMSXY TUITION - 
FALL 2010 SEMESTER 
Chonnky Hon-Exempt Marital Trust 
Account S Accl Rama 
Posting Da Track DateTransCock Tax Description 
OHM 
Tkker Asset Plume 1 
OAS 
Principal Cash Income Cash Cost Bask Description I 
Description 2 
Description 3 
DeS4000.1 
15231848 CHOMSKY HEX MAR TR 
20101112 70101109 FRC. 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
291011104 (AIR 
EMERSON ELECTRIC CO COM 
124 
4354.88 DELIVERED 124 96 EMERSON 
ELECTRIC CO COM TRADE DATE 
11/09/2010 AS A GIFT TO NOAM 
CHOMSKY CHARITABLE Gin FUND 
15231848 CUOMO/ N-EX MAR TR 
20/01220 20101217 FRD 
CHARITABLE CONTRIOUTIONS 
458140100 WTC 
INTEL CORP C0M 
300 
4342 DEUVERED 300 ALS INTEL COM COAX 
TRADE DATE 12/17/2010 ASA GIFT 
TO FIDELITY F80 NOAM CHOMSKY 
CHARITABLE GIFT FUND 
15231848 CHOMSKY REX MAR TR 
20101220 20101217 FRD 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
885797/01 MMM 3M C0 C0M 
100 
57135 DELIVERED 1005115 3M CO COM 
TRADE DATE 12/17/2010 AS A OFT 
TO RDELITIFB0 NOAM CHOMSKY 
CHARITABLE GIFT FUND 
15231848 CHOMSKY N-EX MAR TR 
20101220 20101217 FRD 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
857477/03 SIT 
STATE STREET CORP COM 
150 
59193 DELIVERED 15091S STATE MEET 
COPP COM TRADE DATE 12/17/2010 
ASA GIFT TO FIDELITY FRO 
CHOMSKY OVJIITABLE WI FUND 
15231848 OIOMSKY HEX MAR TR 
20101220 2010/217 FRD 
CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 
871829/07 STY 
SYSCO CORP COM 
250 
6107. DELIVERED2SO SHS SYSE0 CORP COM 
TRAM DATE 12/17/2010 AS A GIFT 
TO FIDELITY FRO OIOMSKY 
CHARITABLE GIFT FUND 
15231848 CHOMSKY HEX MAR TR 
20110113 20110113 DIS 
GENERAL GIFT 
-/3000 
PAID TO CHOMSKY GRANDCHILDREN'S 
TRUST 20116IFT 
15231848 OIOMSKY H-FX MAR TR 
20110113 20/10113 MS 
GENERAL GIFT 
43000 
PAJD TO CHOMSKY GRANOCWLOREWS 
TRUST 2011 GIFT 
15231848 CHOMSKY HEX MAR TR 
20110113 20110113 015 
GENERAL GIFT 
-13000 
PAID TO Cle3MSKY GEUVIDCHILDREWS 
TRUST 2011 GIFT 
15231848 CHOMSKY NIX PAMIR 
20110113 20110113 01$ 
GENERAL GIFT 
-13000 
PAM TO CHOMSKY GRANDOIT DIME'S 
TRUST 2011 GIFT 
15231848 CHOMSKY HEX MAR TR 
20110113 20110113 015 
GENERALGIFT 
-13000 
PAID TO CtiOMSKY GRANOCHIOREICS 
TRUST 2011 GIFT 
8.07E+09 OIOMSKY HEX MM TR 
20/20/25 20120125 015 
GENERAL GIFT 
-13000 
GIFT TO CHOMSKY GRANOCHROREWS 
TRUST 2012 GIFT 
8.02E+09 CHOMSKY N-EX MARTA 
20/20/25 20120125 DES 
GENERAL GIFT 
-13000 
GIFT TO CNOMSKY GRATIOCHRDRENS 
TRUST 2012 GIFT 
8.02E+09 CHOMSKY ALEX MM TR 
20120175 20120125 045 
GENERAL GIFT 
-13000 
GIFT TO OIOMSKY GRMIOCURDRENS 
TRUST 2012 GIFT 
8.02E+09 CHOMSKY WC( MARTA 
20120125 20/20125 DIS 
GENERAL GIFT 
-13000 
GIFT TO 040M5XY GRANDCHILDREN'S 
TRUg 2012 GIFT 
8.02E409 CHOMSKY N FX MM TR 
20120125 20120125 CO 
GENERAL GIFT 
-13000 
GIFT TO CHOMSKY GRAND[HitoREMS 
TRUST 2012 GIFT 
8.02E+09 CHOMSKY HEX MAR TR 
20130103 20130103 DES 
GENERAL GIFT 
-14000 
GIFT TO CHOMSKY GRANCICHF_DREICS 
TRUST FBO INTI [HOMAN11AD 
8/57U92013 
8.02E+09 C1101/547 N EX MAR TR 
2013010) 20130103 DIS 
GENERAL GIFT 
44000 
GIFT TO CIOMSKY GRANDCHILDREN'S 
TRUST PRO HAIR ARUM UAD 
WS/CB 2013 
8.02E+09 CHOVSKY HEX MAR TR 
20130103 20130103 06 
GENERAL GIFT 
-14000 
GIFT TO CHOMSKY GRANDCHILDREN'S 
TRUST P130 SANDE ARITZA UAD 
8/5/092013 
8.02[409 CHOTALEY N-EX MAR TR 
2013010) 20130103 MS 
GENERAL GIFT 
44000 
GIFT TO CNOMSKY GRANDCHILDREN'S 
TRUST FRO ALEXANDER 
UAD 
8/5/09 2013 
8.02E+09 CHOMSKY NIX MAR TR 
20330103 20133103 136 
GENERAL GIFT 
-14000 
GIFT TO CHOMSKY GRANDCHILDREN'S 
TRUST FBO EMA CHOMSKY UAD 8/5/09 
2013 
8.02(.09 CH[AtIri HEX MAR TR 
20140113 20140113 DM 
GENERAL GIFT 
-14[03 
Gill TO CHOMSKY GRAPFDCHILDREWS 
TRUST F80 OM C.HOPASAY LJACI8/5/09 
2014 
8.02E+09 CHOMSKY N-EX MAR TR 
20140113 20140113 DIS 
GENERAL GIFT 
-14033 
GIFT TO CHOMSKY GRANDCHILDREN'S 
TRUST FRO WD CHOMSKY UAD 
8/5/09 2014 
8.02E+09 0101ASKY HEX MAR TR 
20140113 20140113 DIS 
GENERAL GOT 
44000 
GIFT TO CHOMSKY GRANociliumi WS 
TRUST PRO AMU ARIBA IMO 
8/5/09 2014 
8.021+09 CROAKY HEX MAR TR 
20140113 20140113 01$ 
GENERAL GIFT 
44000 
GIFT TO CHOMSKY GRANDCHILDREN'S 
TRUST FBO SANDI ARIT7A UAD 
RAM 2014 
8.00E+09 C1N)MSKY HEX MAR TR 
20140111 20140113 015 
GENERAL GIFT 
-14000 
GIFT TO CHOMSKY GRANOOELDREWS 
TRUST PRO ALEXANDER MEL UAD 
8/5/09 2014 
8.02E+09 CHOMSKY li-EX MAR TR 
20130109 20130109 FAD 
O6TRIBUTIONS TO BENEFICIARY 
747525103 °COM QUALCOMM INC 
3236.9 DELIVERED 795H5 QUALCOMM INC 
TRADE DATE 01/09/2013 MA 
DISTRIBUTION TO NORM CHOMSKY 
8.01E+09 CTIOM.SKY OE EX MAR TR 
20150713 20150713 01$ 
otSTMEU DONS TO SENEFIOARY 
47000 
WIRE TRANSFER TO BAN< OF NEW 
YORK 
8.02E+09 CHOMSKY HEX MAR TR 
20/50713 20150713 DIS 
DESTRIBUTIONS TO EEND1CIARY 
-25000 
WIRE TRANSFER TO BANK OF NEW 
YORK 
8.02E+09 OIOMSKY NEX MAR TR 
20150909 20150909 DIS 
DISTRIBUTIONS TO BERM:TART 
-2625.44 
WIRE TRANSFER 10 RANK OP NEW 
YORK 
8.09E+09 CHOMSKY N-EX MARTA 
20/50909 20150909 CAS 
(XSTRillUTIONS TO BENEFICIARY 
2998.6 
WIRE TRANSFER TO BANK OF NEW 
YORK 
Chcauky Exempt Marital Trull 
Account* Acct Name 
Posting Oa Trade Datc Trans Cock Tax Description 
Cusip 
Ticker Atilt Name 1 
Units 
Principal Cash Income Cash Cost Basis Desalption 1 
DeSaiption 2 
Dascription 3 
Description 4 
15231839 CHOMSKY LX MAR 
20101020 20101020 06 
REAL MATETAM 
-268242 
PAID TO TOWN OF LE/ONGION ON 
REAL ESTATE AT 1$ SUZANNE R0AD, 
LEXINGTON, MA 2ND QTR FY 2011 
15231839 CHOMSKY IX MM 
2011024 20110204 06 
REAL ESTATE TAXES 
-2754.25 
REAL ESTATE TAXES PAM TO TOWN 
OF LECINGTON ON REM ESTATE AT 
SUZANNE ROAD, WONGTON, MA 
2011 3RD QTR 
35232839 CHOMAY EX MM 
20310414 201/0414 MS 
REAL ESTATE TAXES 
-2754.15 
PAID TO TOWN OF LEXINGTON FISCAL 
YEAR 2011 4111 QTR REAL ESTATE 
TAXES FOR IS SUZANNE ROAD 
EFTA00807293

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807294.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAVER (S MARBLE 
Professionals 
www.PaversandMarble.com 
:9/eCI)OWERWASHINC, PROFESSIONALS 
Jim — Direct #: 
Est. 1994 
201 W. Ocean Ave #3828, Lantana FL 33465 
Install / Repair 
Clean / Seal 
Work Plan & Agreement 
FRONT ENTRANCE / EL BRILLO 
Date: October 23, 2018 
Phone: 347-549-2291 Office Rich: 917-414-7584 
Customer Name: Jeff Epstein 
Property Mgr. Name: Carluz Toylo 
Subdivision: 
Address: 358 Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
K Driveway 
K Pool Area 
a Walkway 
K Patio 
■ Other: Front Entrance Steps / El Brillo 
Service / Product 
Est. Sq. Ft. / Size 
Product Type 
REMOVE EXISTING 
RE-BUILD AND EXTEND 
WHITE FOSSIL 
X 24 AND 8 X 16 
ELIMINATE 1 STEP 
BOTTOM STEP APPROX. 16 FT WIDE 
■ Installations / Extensions 
■ Repair / Lift and Reset Areas Discussed 
O Sand Spaces Where and When Needed 
K Pool Remodel / Coping & Tile 
K Retaining Wall Cement Block 
K Drainage Field Created 
■ Excavate As Needed 
■ Road Rock Base Material 2 Ton 
K Root Clearing 
■ Extra Chemical / Detergent Used for Stains 
■ Work Completed to ICPI and Florida Code 
■ Hot Water/ Steam Clean All Surfaces 
K Strip Bad Sealer (No Guarantees) 
O Tinted Sealer Per Cust. AuthiColor Approval 
■ Apply Sealer per Manufacture Spec 
■ Apply with Airless Spray Guns 
O Xylene Base Acrylic Brick/Cement 
■ Water Base Acrylic Marble/Stone 
K DOT Approved Filter Fabric 
K Silica Polymer Sand 
Lbs. 
■ Crushed Silica 800 Lbs. 
Items 
Description 
Amount 
I 
EXCAVATE EXISTING CONCRETE AT FOOT OF STEPS, AND STEPS (SEE PHOTOS) 
RE-BUILD EXISTING STEPS AND ELIMINATE SMALL STEP AT TOP 
EXTEND THRESHOLD LEVEL TO EXISTING AND CONVERT 4 STEPS TO 3 EXTENDED STEPS 
FOR ENTRANCE 
INSTALL DRAINAGE ROCK BASE AND MACHINE COMPACT 90 PSI 
INSTALL AGGREGATE FOR ALL NEW EXTENDED STEPS 
INSTALL 24 X 24 WHITE FOSSIL MARBLE WITH POLISED BULLNOSE EDGE (MATERIALS) 
$3,100 
BOTTOM STEP TO EXTEND EVEN WITH LEFT AND RIGHT RETAINING WALL WITH BOTTOM 
THRESHOLD MEETING EXISTING DRIVE WITH REMOVAL OF (4)48 X 48 CONCRETE 
DEMO AND REMOVAL OF EXISTING 
$1,750 
BUILD NEW STEPS WITH POLISHED BULLNOSE EDGING 
$6,600 
POWER WASH, CLEAN, GROUT ALL SEAMS AND SEAL 
$900 
• Customer is responsible to move all furniture and items including pool fences before start date 
TOTAL 
$I2350 
• All Installations / Repairs and Sealing — 2 Year Warranty — Workmanship & Repairs — Warranty upon completion 
• Brick / Marble ordered may have efflorescence or imperfections. Manufacturers' specifications & warrantees accepted by Customer 
• New Brick or Marble ordered will be matched to the existing surfaces to the best of our ability 
• Powerwashing Professionals is not responsible for dirt in pool from cleaning, or broken sprinkler / electrical lines 
• Stains will be treated and removed 25% — 100% - No guarantee 
• Permitting, underground piping, water lines, etc. that are unknown, may require additional work and charges. 
• A deposit of $2,500 is required to place on work schedule. 
Balance due day of completion. 
Agreement & Scheduling 
Email: aversandmarble(a)comeast.net 
Deposit Check It 
Amount: 
Date: 
Paver & Marble Professionals is Authorized for the work described. 
The above conditions, specifications and prices Accepted. 
Paver & Marble Signature: Jim Bird 
Customer Signature: 
EFTA00807294
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00807295
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00807296
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00807297

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807298.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAVER B MARBLE 
Professionals 
www.PaversandMarble.com 
OPOWERWAS 
Jim — Direct #: 
Date: November 10, 2018 
Phone: 347-549-2291 Office Rich: 917-414-7584 
Customer Name: Jeff Epstein 
Property Mgr. Name: Carluz Toylo 
IONALS 
Est. 1994 
201 W. Ocean Are #3828, Lantana FL 33465 
Install / Repair 
(lean / Seal 
Work Plan & Agreement 
MAIN FRONT ENTRANCE / EL BRILLO REV. I 
E-Mail: 
Subdivision: 
Address: 358 Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
O Pool Area 
O Walkway 
• Patio 
A 
• Driveway 
• Other: Front Entrance Steps / El Brillo 
Service / Product 
Est. Sq. Ft. / Size 
Product Type 
REMOVE EXISTING 
RE-BUILD AND EXTEND 
WHITE FOSSIL 
X 24 AND 8 X 16 
ELIMINATE 1 STEP 
BOTTOM STEP APPROX. 16 FT WIDE 
■ Installations / Extensions 
■ Repair / Lift and Reset Areas Discussed 
K Sand Spaces Where and When Needed 
K Pool Remodel / Coping & Tile 
K Retaining Wall Cement Block 
K Drainage Field Created 
■ Excavate As Needed 
• Road Rock Base Material 2 Ton 
O Root Clearing 
■ Extra Chemical / Detergent Used for Stains 
■ Work Completed to ICPI and Florida Code 
■ Hot Water / Steam Clean All Surfaces 
K Strip Bad Sealer (No Guarantees) 
K Tinted Sealer Per Cust. AuthJColor Approval 
■ Apply Sealer per Manufacture Spec 
■ Apply with Airless Spray Guns 
K Xylene Base Acrylic Brick/Cement 
MI Water Base Acrylic Marble/Stone 
O DOT Approved Filter Fabric 
K Silica Polymer Sand 
Lbs. 
• Crushed Silica 800 Lbs. 
Items 
Description 
Amount 
I 
EXCAVATE EXISTING CONCRETE AT STEPS (SEE PHOTOS) 
MAINTAIN SAME THRESHOLD LEVEL TO EXISTING AND MAINTAIN SAME NUMBER OF 
STEPS 
BOTTOM STEP TO EXTEND EVEN WITH LEFT AND RIGHT RETAINING WALL WITH 
THRESHOLD MEETING EXISTING DRIVE AND REMOVAL OF (4) 48 X 48 CONCRETE SLABS 
DEMO AND REMOVAL OF EXISTING 
$1,750 
INSTALL DRAINAGE ROCK BASE AND AGGREGATE BASE, MACHINE COMPACT 90 PSI 
$1,600 
ADDITIONAL MARBLE NEEDED FOR EXTENDED THRESHOLD AT DRIVEWAY 
$780 
X 24 WHITE FOSSIL MARBLE WITH POLISED BULLNOSE EDGE (MATERIALS) 
$1,800 
BUILD NEW STEPS WITH POLISHED BULLNOSE EDGING 
$6,600 
EXTEND MARBLE THRESHOLD AT BOTTOM NEW STEPS (REMOVE ADDL' DRIVE 4 FT X 16 FT) 
$1,800 
POWER WASH, CLEAN, GROUT ALL SEAMS AND SEAL 
$450 
• Customer is responsible to move all furniture and items including pool fences before start date 
TOTAL 
$14.780 
• All Installations / Repairs and Sealing — 2 Year Warranty — Workmanship & Repairs — Warranty upon complefon 
• Brick / Marble ordered may have efflorescence or imperfections. Manufacturers' specifications & warrantees accepted by Customer 
• New Brick or Marble ordered will be matched to the existing surfaces to the best of our ability 
• Powerwashing Professionals is not responsible for dirt in pool from cleaning, or broken sprinkler / electrical lines 
• Stains will be treated and removed 25% — 100% - No guarantee 
• Permitting, underground piping, water lines, etc. that are unknown, may require additional work and charges. 
• A deposit of $2,500 is required to place on work schedule. 
Balance due day of completion. 
Agreement & Scheduling 
Email: paversandmarbleacomcast.net 
Deposit Check # 
Amount: 
Date: 
Paver & Marble Professionals is Authorized for the work described. 
The above conditions, specifications and prices Accepted. 
Paver & Marble Signature: Jim Bird 
Customer Signature: 
EFTA00807298

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807299.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAVER & MARBLE 
Professionals 
www.PaversandMarble.com 
oc POW ERWASII1NG PROFESSIONALS 
Jim — Direct #: 
Est 1994 
201 W. Ocean Ave #3828, Lantana FL 33465 
Install / Repair 
, 
Clean / Seal 
Work Plan & Agreement 
NEW PATIO FROM POOL DECK/ NEW STEPS AT DOCK 
Date: June 18, 2018 
Phone: 347-549-2291 Office Rich: 917-414-7584 
Customer Name: Jeff Epstein 
Property Mgr. Name: Carluz Toylo 
Subdivision: 
Address: 358 Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
K Driveway 
■ Pool Area 
o Walkway 
■ Patio (Extension) 
■ Other: Build Platform and 4 Steps on Dock with Security Wall (No Railings) All Matching Shell Pavers 
Service / Product 
Est. Sq. Ft. / Size 
Product Type 
REMOVE GRASS AND DIRT 
BASE ROCK COMPACT 90 PSI 
WHITE FOSSIL 24 X 24 
WHITE FOSSIL 8 X 16 FOR STEPS 
EXTEND POOL DECK PATIO PER DRAV/IING 
REINFORCED CONCRETE / STEEL REBAR 
AND SECURITY WALL 
■ Installations / Extensions 
■ Repair / Lin and Reset Areas Discussed 
K Sand Spaces Where and When Needed 
K Pool Remodel / Coping & Tile 
■ Retaining Wall Cement Block 
K Drainage Field Created 
■ Excavate As Needed 
■ Road Rock Base Material 1.5 Tons 
■ Root Clearing 
■ Extra Chemical / Detergent Used for Stains 
■ Work Completed to ICPI and Florida Code 
■ Hot Water / Steam Clean All Surfaces 
O Strip Bad Sealer (No Guarantees) 
CI Tinted Sealer Per Cust. AuthJColor Approval 
■ Apply Sealer per Manufacture Spec 
■ Apply with Airless Spray Guns 
K Xylene Base Acrylic Brick/Cement 
■ Water Base Acrylic Marble/Stone 
K DOT Approved Filter Fabric 
K Silica Polymer Sand 
Lbs. 
■ Crushed Silica 200 Lbs. 
Items 
Description 
Amount 
I 
REMOVE GRASS AND DIRT FOR PATIO EXTENSION (SEE PICTURES AND DRAWING) 
MOVE SPRINKLER LINES 
REMOVE GREEN TELEPHONE POSTS AND HAUL OUT 
RE-WIRE AND RE-POSITION INGROUND LIGHTING 
$300 
COVER ALL LINES WITH COARSE SAND AND HAND COMPACT SURFACE 
INSTALL 1.5 TONS #57 DRAINAGE GRAVEL BASE AND MACHINE COMPACT TO 90 PSI 
$400 
INSTALL COARSE GROUND BASE MATERIAL AND COMPACT 90 PSI (I TON) 
$225 
INSTALL NEW 24 X 24 WHITE FOSSIL PAVERS (LABOR NEW PATIO $2,200+ MARBLE $1,240) 
$3,440 
BUILD 4 CONCRETE STEPS ON DOCK INCL. SECURITY WALL & 12 INCH RETURN (40 INCHES H) 
NEW 4 FT X 5 FT PLATFORM, W/ REINFORCED CEMENT AND WRAP IN WHITE FOS MARBLE 
$2,800 
MATERIALS FOR PLATFORM & STEPS: CONCRETE, BLOC, STL REBAR, WHITE FOSSIL MARBLE 
51,660 
POWER WASH, CLEAN, SAND AND APPLY SEALER GROUT STEPS & NEW WALL 
Included 
• Customer is responsible to move all furniture and items including pool fences before start date 
TOTAL 
58.825 
• All Installations / Repairs and Sealing — 2 Year Warranty — Workmanship & Repairs — Warranty upon completion 
• Brick / Marble ordered may have efflorescence or imperfections. Manufacturers' specifications & warrantees accepted by Customer 
• New Brick or Marble ordered will be matched to the existing surfaces to the best of our ability 
• Powerwashing Professionals is not responsible for dirt in pool from cleaning, or broken sprinkler / electrical lines 
• Stains will be treated and removed 25% — 100% - No guarantee 
• Permitting, underground piping, water lines, etc. that are unknown, may require additional work and charges. 
• A deposit of SO is required to place on work schedule. 
Balance due day of completion. 
Agreement & Scheduling 
Email: paversandmarble&Jcomcasknet
Deposit Check if 
Amount 
Date: 
Paver & Marble Professionals is Authorized for the work described. 
The above conditions, specifications and_prices Accepted. 
Paver & Marble Signature: Jim Bird 
Customer Signature: 
EFTA00807299
--- PAGE 2 ---
PAVER & MARBLE Plojx&zecutzted 
cusromm NAME 
SPSrrhO" 
MOMS:  
103 
&hb 
WA" 
MEMEMPd 
MM MMMMMM MEMMEMMEMEM 
MMUMMMUMMEMOIMM MMMMMMMMMM MMEMMEM 
MMEMMk, 
MMEMMV,MOMEM M MM M MIIIMMEMEM MMMMM ME 
MIIMMINEMOMMEMMilomd MMMMMMMMM MEMMEM 
MMOMMEMEMEMMEMEMII 
MIME 
wommommmmmommerommvpmmommmmimmomm 
Emm MMMMM mm,mmmmommmm MMMMM mmummum 
MM... MIKaA44M
MEMPIIMUMMEMMEnTTOMMEMM 
WM0A.i...7:=MMAEMMMZWeinEE,;!, 
MMMMM MMX:I=A 
MMMMM mmumemmilimmdrammmmosi7prrommim 
Emmummuummagaumm.xmmommimmmmummum 
mmummu
mm3mmimmomm MMMMMMMMMM 
M amMER  MMMMMMMMM MEMMEM 
ommommoneammAEma 
Emmummim iv.rommmummmowymznimmrsin 
immommilmorammimammmommommutammEm 
mom:. MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM mimmommimmi 
MMM MMMMMMMMMM imsmom MMMMMMM mum 
NEIN:moms 
Emmwomm.mmmummommomm MMMMM MMEMMEM 
MMEr MMMMMMMMMMMM AMMEMEMOM MMMMM ME 
MEMMIIIIIMEMMEMMEMMEMMEMMEMMEMMEMM 
UMMVE MMMMMM MEMMEMEN  MMMMM MEMMEMEN 
MEM 
MENDEN MMMMM MMUMMMIIMIL
ATOMMEM 
MMMMMMMMMM MNIMUMMIIMMEIMMAXaMMEM 
MMINIMMEMMEMMIIIIIMMEMEMW/;nNZ7MgMMEM 
MMIIVIIIMMEMME MMMMM MMIMM, MIKMMMMM7M 
MMMMMM ME MMMMMMMMM MINIMEmmillMEM 
II MMMMM MEMMIMMEMMMEMIIIIIIIIIII 
MMEMMEMOIMMEMENMEMMEMMEMEM MMMMM ME 
MEM 
MMMMMMM MEM. MMMMM EMMEMMUMMUM 
Min 
MMMMMM MMEMMIll 
 wm 
MEM 
M MMMMM MEMMEMMEMEMMEMMEMMMINIMMEMM 
MINIM MMMMMM =ME MMMMMMMMMMM MUM 
-,64 
EFTA00807300
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00807301
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00807302
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00807303

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807304.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAVER & MARBLE 
Professionals 
---4,1( POW ERWASHING 
Jim — Direct #: 
Est. 1994 
201 W. Ocean Ave #3828, Lantana FL 33465 
Install / Repair 
347 Clean / Seal 
PROFESSIONALS 
Work Plan & Agreement 
STEPS POOL ENTRANCE 
E-Mail: 
Subdivision: 
Address: 358 Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Date: October 23,2018 
Phone: 347-549-2291 Office Rich: 917-414-7584 
Customer Name: Jeff Epstein 
Property Mgr. Name: Carluz To lo 
K Driveway 
K Pool Area 
K Walkway 
K Patio 
■ Other: Re-Build Steps for Pool Entrance 
Service / Product 
Est. Sq. Ft. / Size 
Product Type 
REMOVE EXISTING 
RE-BUILD AND EXTEND 
WHITE FOSSIL 8 X 16 
EXTEND EXISTING STEPS 
STEPS TO MATCH RISER HEIGHT 
■ Installations / Extensions 
■ Repair / Lift and Reset Areas Discussed 
K Sand Spaces Where and When Needed 
K Pool Remodel / Coping & Tile 
K Retaining Wall Cement Block 
K Drainage Field Created 
■ Excavate As Needed 
■ Road Rock Base Material I Ton 
K Root Clearing 
■ Extra Chemical / Detergent Used for Stains 
■ Work Completed to ICPI and Florida Code 
■ Hot Water / Steam Clean All Surfaces 
K Strip Bad Sealer (No Guarantees) 
K Tinted Sealer Per Cust. Auth./Color Approval 
■ Apply Sealer per Manufacture Spec 
■ Apply with Airless Spray Guns 
K Xylene Base Acrylic Brick/Cement 
■ Water Base Acrylic Marble/Stone 
K DOT Approved Filter Fabric 
K Silica Polymer Sand 
Lbs. 
■ Crushed Silica 300 Lbs. 
Items 
Description 
Amount 
I 
EXCAVATE EXISTING CONCRETE AT FOOT OF STEPS AND HAUL OUT 
RE-BUILD EXISTING STEPS SO THAT EACH STEP MATCHES SAME HEIGHT AND RETAIN 3 
STEPS WITH WHITE FOSSIL 
MATERIALS INCL. AGGREGATE, SAND, WHITE FOSSIL 
$2,300 
SAWCUT CONCRETE IN ORDER TO EXTEND STEPS AS SHOWN 
INSTALL DRAINAGE ROCK BASE AND MACHINE COMPACT 90 PSI 
INSTALL AGGREGATE FOR ALL NEW EXTENDED STEPS 
INSTALL 8 X 16 WHITE FOSSIL MARBLE WITH POLISED BULLNOSE EDGE FOR EACH STEP 
BOTTOM STEP TO EXTEND EVEN WITH LEFT AND RIGHT RETAINING WALL WITH BOTTOM 
THRESHOLD MEETING EXISTING DRIVE WITH REMOVAL OF (4)48 X 48 CONCRETE 
SAW CUT CONCRETE, DEMO AND REMOVAL OF EXISTING 
$1,200 
BUILD NEW STEPS WITH POLISHED BULLNOSE EDGING 
$3,600 
Included 
POWER WASH, CLEAN, GROUT ALL SEAMS AND SEAL 
• Customer is responsible to move all furniture and items including pool fences before start date 
TOTAL 
$t 100 
• All Installations / Repairs and Sealing — 2 Year Warranty — Workmanship & Repairs — Warranty upon completion 
• Brick / Marble ordered may have efflorescence or imperfections. Manufacturers' specifications & warrantees accepted by Customer 
• New Brick or Marble ordered will be matched to the existing surfaces to the best of our ability 
• Powerwashing Professionals is not responsible for dirt in pool from cleaning, or broken sprinkler / electrical lines 
• Stains will be treated and removed 25% — 100% - No guarantee 
• Permitting, underground piping, water lines, etc. that are unknown, may require additional work and charges. 
• A deposit of $1,000 is required to place on work schedule. 
Balance due day of completion. 
A eement & Schedulin 
Email: aversandmarbleakomeast.net 
De.. sit Check # 
Amount 
Paver & Marble Professionals is Authorized for the work described. 
Paver & Marble Signature: Jim Bird 
Date: 
Customer Signature: 
EFTA00807304

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807305.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAVER & MARBLE 
Professionals 
www.PaversandMarble.com 
Install / Repair 0 
Clean / Seal 
GPOWERWASHING PROFESSIONALS 
Work Plan & Agreement 
Jiro — Direct #: 
STEPS TO POOL ENTRANCE REV. I _ 
Date: November 10, 2018 
Phone: 347-549-2291 Office Rich: 917-414-7584 
Customer Name: Jeff Epstein 
Property Mgr. Name: Carluz Tovlo 
Est. 1994 
201 W Ocean Ave #3828, Lantana FL 33465 
E-Mail: 
Subdivision: 
Address: 358 Brillo Way 
Palm Beach. FL 33480 
K Pool Area 
K Walkway 
■ Patio 
■ Driveway 
■ Other: Re-Build Steps for Pool Entrance 
Service / Product 
Est. So. Ft. / Size 
Product Type 
REMOVE EXISTING 
RE-BUILD AND EXTEND 
WHITE FOSSIL 8 X 16 
EXTEND EXISTING STEPS 
STEPS TO MATCH RISER HEIGHT 
■ Installations / Extensions 
■ Repair / Lift and Reset Areas Discussed 
K Sand Spaces Where and When Needed 
K Pool Remodel / Coping & Tile 
K Retaining Wall Cement Block 
K Drainage Field Created 
■ Excavate As Needed 
■ Road Rock Base Material 1 Ton 
K Root Clearing 
■ Extra Chemical / Detergent Used for Stains 
■ Work Completed to ICPI and Florida Code 
■ Hot Water / Steam Clean All Surfaces 
■ Strip Bad Sealer (No Guarantees) 
K Tinted Sealer Per Cust. AuthJColor Approval 
■ Apply Sealer per Manufacture Spec 
■ Apply with Airless Spray Guns 
K Xylene Base Acrylic Brick/Cement 
■ Water Base Acrylic Marble/Stone 
K DOT Approved Filter Fabric 
K Silica Polymer Sand 
Lbs. 
■ Crushed Silica 300 Lbs. 
Items 
Description 
Amount 
I 
EXCAVATE EXISTING CONCRETE AT FOOT OF STEPS AND OLD STEPS AND HAUL OUT 
$1,200 
EXTEND LENGTH OF STEP TREADS, EACH STEP RISER MATCHES SAME HEIGHT 
MATERIALS INCUDING AGGREGATE, SAND, CONCRETE, AND WHITE FOSSIL MARBLE 
$1,740 
SAWCUT 48 X 48 EXISTING CONCRETE IN ORDER TO EXTEND STEPS AS SHOWN 
INSTALL DRAINAGE ROCK BASE AND MACHINE COMPACT 90 PSI 
INSTALL AGGREGATE FOR ALL NEW EXTENDED STEPS 
INSTALL 8 X 16 WHITE FOSSIL MARBLE WITH POLISED BULLNOSE EDGE FOR EACH STEP 
BOTTOM STEP TO EXTEND EVEN WITH LEFT AND RIGHT SIDE OF CURBING 
THRESHOLD TO MEET EXISTING DRIVE. 
DEMO AND REMOVAL OF EXISTING 
BUILD NEW STEPS WITH POLISHED BULLNOSE EDGING 
$3,600 
POWER WASH, CLEAN, GROUT ALL SEAMS AND SEAL 
$450 
• Customer is responsible to move all furniture and items including pool fences before start date 
TOTAL 
$6.990
• All Installations / Repairs and Sealing — 2 Year Warranty — Workmanship & Repairs — Warranty upon completion 
• Brick / Marble ordered may have efflorescence or imperfections. Manufacturers' specifications & warrantees accepted by Customer 
• New Brick or Marble ordered will be matched to the existing surfaces to the best of our ability 
• Powerwashing Professionals is not responsible for dirt in pool from cleaning, or broken sprinkler / electrical lines 
• Stains will be treated and removed 25% — 100% - No guarantee 
• Permitting, underground piping, water lines, etc. that are unknown, may require additional work and charges. 
• A deposit of $1,000 is required to place on work schedule. 
Balance due day of completion. 
Agreement & Scheduling 
Email: paversandmarbleacomcast.net 
Deposit Check # 
Amount: 
Date: 
Paver & Marble Professionals is Authorized for the work described. 
The above conditions, specifications and prices Accepted. 
Paver & Marble Signature: Jim Bird 
Customer Signature: 
EFTA00807305

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807306.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAVER & MARBLE 
Professionals 
www.PaversandMarble.com 
'44ePOWERWASHING PROFESSIONALS 
Jim — Direct 
Date: January 17, 2018 
Phone: 347-549-2291 
Customer Name: Jeff Epstein 
Property Mg. Name: Carluz To lo 
Es:!. 1994 
201 W Ocean Are #3828, Lantana FL 33465 
Install / Repair 
Clean / Seal 
Work Plan & Agreement 
Fax: 561- 557- 8061 
E-Mail: 
Subdivision: 
Address: 358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
O Driveway 
■ Pool Area 
O Walkway 
K Patio 
■ Other: Back Paver Pool Deck Area to Dock 
Service / Product 
Est. Sq. Ft. / Size 
Product Type 
LIFT ALL UNEVEN PAVERS 
REMOVE BAD BASE MATERIAL 
X 24 CONCRETE PAVERS 
ONE TON DRAINAGE ROCK 
NEW BASE 
K Installations / Extensions 
■ Repair / Lift and Reset Areas Discussed 
■ Sand Spaces Where and When Needed 
K Pool Remodel / Coping & Tile 
O Retaining Wall Cement Block 
K Drainage Field Created 
■ Excavate As Needed 
■ Road Rock Base Material 2 Tons 
■ Root Clearing 
K Extra Chemical / Detergent Used for Stains 
■ Work Completed to ICPI and Florida Code 
O Hot Water / Steam Clean All Surfaces 
K Strip Bad Sealer (No Guarantees) 
O Tinted Scaler Per Cust. AuthJColor Approval 
K Apply Sealer per Manufacture Spec 
O Apply with Airless Spray Guns 
K Xylene Base Acrylic Brick/Cement 
K Water Base Acrylic Marble/Stone 
O DOT Approved Filter Fabric 
K Silica Polymer Sand 
lbs. 
■ Crushed Silica 100 lbs. 
Items 
Description 
Amount 
I 
LIFT UNEVEN PAVERS FROM MAIN POOL DECK AROUND TO TOOL SHED AREA 
SCRAPE OUT AND EXCAVATE BAD BASE MATERIAL 
INSTALL NEW DRAINAGE ROCK #57 GRAVEL ONE TON AND MACHINE COMPACT TO 90 PSI 
INSTALL NEW BASE MATERIAL 1 TON AND COMPACT FOR INSTALL 
CONCRETE AND ST ELL REBAR 6 INCH FOOTER AROUND PERIMETER TO HOLD BASE IN 
PLACE 
REINSTALL. EXISTING 24 X 24S AND THINSET OUTSIDE BORDERS TO CONCRETE 
SAND ALL SPACES 
$2,200 
• Customer is responsible to move all furniture and items including pool fences before start date 
TOTAL. 
$2,200 
• MI Installations / Repairs and Sealing — 2 Year Warranty — Workmanship & Repairs — Warranty upon completion 
• Brick / Marble ordered may have efflorescence or imperfections. Manufacturers' specifications & warrantees accepted by Customer 
• New Brick or Marble ordered will be matched to the existing surfaces to the best of our ability 
• Powerwashing Professionals is not responsible for din in pool from cleaning, or broken sprinkler / electrical lines 
• shims will be treated and removed 25% — 100% - No guarantee 
• Permitting, underground piping, water lines, etc. that are unknown, may require additional work and charges. 
• A deposit of $ 
is required to place on work schedule. 
Balance due day of completion. 
Agreement & Scheduling 
Email: aversandmarblefiecomcast.net 
Deposit Check # 
Amount: 
Date: 
Paver & Marble Professionals is Authorized for the work described. 
The above conditions, specifications and prices Accepted. 
Paver & Marble Signature: Jim Bird 
Customer Signature: 
EFTA00807306

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807307.pdf
----------------------------------------
Budgetary Proposal 
RadioRa2 Add On #1 
Peggy Siegal Residence 
125 East 74 Street 
Unit #4C 
New York, NY 10021 
Modified: 
11/9/2017 
Presented By: 
1 8 
TECHNOLOGY 
318 Technology Inc. 
505 White Plains Rd 
Suite 124 
Tarrytown, NY 10591 United States 
(914) 909-5205 
www.318technology.com 
EFTA00807307
--- PAGE 2 ---
318 Technology Inc. 
RadioRa2 System 
Statement of Work: 318 Technology will be providing these additional Lutron 
RadioRa2 devices per the changes recorded onsite on November 8th, 2017. 
Below is a breakdown of the labor and materials associated with this scope of 
work: 
318 Technology Inc Lutron System Implementation 
$700.00 
Provide 4 additional hours of labor for the commissioning of these new devices. 
Lutron RRD-6NA-WH 
$995.00 
RadioRA 2 Phose-adaptive dimmer with neutral wire, 120 V/600 W 
Lutron RRD-W6BRL-WH 
RadioRA 2 seeTouch wall mount keypad 6-button with raise/lower, 120V 
$299.00 
RadioRa2 System 
Total: 
$1,994.00 
Project Subtotal: 
$1,994.00 
— Contract Terms will be presented after client agrees to budgetary proposal*" 
Presented By: 318 Technology Inc. 
Project: RadioRa2 Add On #1 
Project ft:3181-0092 
11/9/2017 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00807308
--- PAGE 3 ---
318 Technology Inc. 
Project Summary 
Equipment: 
$1,294.00 
Labor: 
$700.00 
Sales Tax: 
$176.97 
Grand Total: 
$2,170.97 
Client: 
Peggy Siegal Residence 
Date 
Contractor: 
318 Technology Inc. 
Date 
*** Contract Terms will be presented after client agrees to budgetary proposal ••• 
Presented By: 318 Technology Inc. 
Project: RadioRa2 Add On #1 
Project #: 318 T-0092 
11/9/2017 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00807309

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807310.pdf
----------------------------------------
Budgetary Proposal 
RadioRa2 Scope of Work 
Peggy Siegal Residence 
125 East 74 Street 
Unit #4C 
New York, NY 10021 
Modified: 
7/5/2017 
 • •••••••••• • 
Presented By: 
1 8 
TECHNOLOGY 
318 Technology Inc. 
505 White Plains Rd 
Suite 124 
Tarrytown, NY 10591 United States 
(9 14) 909-5205 
EFTA00807310
--- PAGE 2 ---
318 Technology Inc. 
RadioRa2 System 
Statement of Work: 318 Technology will be providing a new Lutron RadioRa2 
lighting system per the plans dated June 28th, 2017. 318 Technology will be 
providing all materials and the labor associated with the design, commissioning 
and programming of the Lutron RadioRa2 system. 
318 Technology will also install all low voltage devices, panels and processors. 
*** Any line voltage devices and panels are to be installed by a licensed 
electrician *** 
Below is a breakdown of the labor and materials associated with this scope of 
work: 
Lutron RR-MAIN-REP-WH 
$499.00 
RadioRA 2 Integration access point main repeater 
Lutron RR-AUX-REP-WH 
$299.00 
RadioRA 2 Auxiliary Repeater 
Lutron RRD-6NA-WH 
$2,189.00 
RadioRA 2 Phose-adaptive dimmer with neutral wire, 120 V/600 W 
Lutron-RadioRa2 RRD-3LD-MN 
$298.00 
Lutron-RadioRa2 RRD-3LD-MN 300W Lamp Dimmer - Midnight 
Lutron RRD-H5BRL-WH 
$1,197.00 
RadioRA 2 seeTouch hybrid keypad 5-button, raise/lower, 120V 
Lutron RR-T5RL-SW 
$399.00 
RadioRA 2 seeTouch tabletop keypad 5-button 
Lutron Sivoia QS Wireless Shade 
$2,267.08 
Sivoia QS Wireless Shade 
Lutron ASPS-J-1-50 
$450.00 
QS JBOX POWER SUPPLY 
Wirepath SP-162-500-WH 
$149.95 
Wirepothn" 16-Gauge 2-Conductor Speaker Wire - 500 Ft. Spool in Box (White) 
— Contract Terms will be presented after client agrees to budgetary proposal*" 
Presented By: 318 Technology Inc. 
Project: RadioRa2 Scope of Work 
Project 
318 1-0060 
7/5/2017 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00807311
--- PAGE 3 ---
318 Technology Inc. 
318 Technology Inc Lutron System Design and Spec 
Provide 8 Hours of Labor for the Following Tasks: 
• Review in detail the reflected ceiling plan for the residence. 
• Review the lighting fixture and load specification documents. 
• Review with end user the keypad programming expectations. 
318 Technology Inc Lutron System Implementation 
Provide 30 Hours of Labor for the Following Tasks: 
$1,400.00 
$4,700.00 
• Offsite design of system and keypad programming layout. 
• Review initial keypad programming layout with end user prior to 
implementation. 
• Work with electrician and verify electrical installation of Lutron line voltage 
devices, panels, etc... 
• Install all low voltage devices such as keypads, dimmers, power supplies and 
processor. 
• Onsite activation of Lutron devices such as keypads, dimmers, processor, 
panels, etc... 
• Onsite upload of keypad programming and configuration. 
• Onsite verification and correction of programming. 
318 Technology Inc Lutron System Post Installation Support 
$1,200.00 
Provide 8 Hours of Labor for the Following Tasks: 
• Provide one day of onsite user training. 
• Modify the keypad programming as requested. 
318 Technology Inc Project Management, Procurement and Delivery 
$1,750.00 
Provide 10 Hours of Labor for the Following Tasks: 
• Attend on-site / project meetings as needed. 
• Product procurement. 
• Review project changes or modifications. 
• Provide all documentation as spec sheet manual. 
RadioRa2 System 
Total: 
$16,798.03 
Project Subtotal: 
$16,798.03 
—*Contract Terms will be presented after client agrees to budgetary proposal*" 
Presented By: 318 Technology Inc. 
Project: RadioRa2 Scope of Work 
Project #: 318 T-0060 
7/5/2017 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00807312
--- PAGE 4 ---
318 Technology Inc. 
Project Summary 
Equipment: 
$7,748.03 
Labor: 
$9,050.00 
Sales Tax: 
$1,490.83 
Grand Total: 
$18,288.86 
Client: 
Peggy Siegal Residence 
Date 
Contractor: 
318 Technology Inc. 
Date 
—*Contract Terms will be presented after client agrees to budgetary proposal ".• 
Presented By: 318 Technology Inc. 
Project: RadioRa2 Scope of Work 
Project #: 318 T-0060 
7/5/2017 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00807313

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807314.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUSAN 
MILLER 
SMITH 
FLORAL, EVENT AND GARDEN DESIGN 
LEFFERTS PLACE, BROOKLYN, NY 11238 
(347) 223-4704 PHONE 
(718) 230-0990 FAX 
ESTIMATE 
NUMBER 
DATE 
3 211I7 
70th Birthday Party 
TERMS 
REMIT BY
Due on receipt 
7/3/2017 
Description 
Rate 
Estimated Total 
STATIONERY 
Invitations N/A 
0.00 
0.OOT 
Place cards, escort cards and envelopes N/A 
0.00 
0.OOT 
Table center cards N/A 
0.00 
0.OOT 
Menus N/A 
0.00 
0.OOT 
0.00 
TEXTILES 
Handl:docked print overlays in party colors orange, lime green, apple 
green, and teal 
62.00 
496.OOT 
Sets of 4 coordinating napkins in multi colors 
28.00 
448.OOT 
944.00 
LIGHTING 
Rental brass pierced lanterns for the tables 
10.50 
220.50T 
Glass inserts and votive candles 
1.50 
31.50T 
Rental larger brass pierced lanterns to hang in the bays and add to a 
long table 
16.80 
739.20T 
Lantern loan front Kathy Rayner 
0.00 
0.OOT 
Lantern chains 
4.00 
224.OOT 
Glass inserts 
6.00 
336.OOT 
Pillars 
6.00 
336.OOT 
Gaint wood frame lanterns on loan from Kathy Rayner for tithe' 
side of the fireplace 
0.00 
0.OOT 
Extra large candles 
20.00 
40.OOT 
1,927.20 
FAVORS 
Doctor booklets by Peggy 
0.00 
0.00T 
0.00 
Sales Tax (8.875%) 
Estimated Total 
Page 1 
EFTA00807314
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUSAN 
MILLER 
SMITH 
FLORAL, EVENT AND GARDEN DESIGN 
LEFFERTS PLACE, BROOKLYN, NY 11238 
(347) 223-4704 PHONE 
(718) 230-0990 FAX 
ESTIMATE 
NUMBER 
DATE 
3 211I7 
70th Birthday Party 
TERMS 
REMIT BY 
Due on receipt 
7/3/2017 
Qty 
Description 
Rate 
Estimated Total 
RENTALS 
Showplates, 1st and main course, dessert plates, wine, water and 
champagne glasses, flatware, salt and pepper, coffee service, bar 
2,200.00 
2,200.OOT 
ware, undereloths, tables, and chairs for 50 guests, pick-up and 
delivery ( Please note this is being amended by PR to accommodate 
guests) 
Clear side panels TBD 
0.00 
0.OOT 
Installation and removal TBD 
0.00 
0.OOT 
FLOWERS 
Summer flower centerpieces and cup combinations for dining table 
decoration ( Long table is being counted as 2) 
250.00 
2,000.OOT 
Containers for flowers 
20.00 
160.00T 
Large arrangements for pier tables in front of mirrors 
400.00 
800.00T 
Containers 
30.00 
60.OOT 
EXPENSES 
Assistant RT Jitney ticket 
33.00 
66.OOT 
Meal stipend 
85.00 
170.OOT 
Napkin and tablecloth shipping TBD 
0.00 
SERVICES 
Assistant day rate for prep, delivery, and set-up 
500.00 
1,000.00T 
Breakdown TBD 
0.00 
0.OOT 
6,456.00 
0.2 Design fee: 20% 
6,456.00 
1,291.20T 
I 7/15 Susan Miller Smith Hampton day rate, site and table styling, 
set-up supervision 
1,000.00 
1,000.00T 
Sales Tax (8.875%) 
Estimated Total 
Page 2 
EFTA00807315
--- PAGE 3 ---
SUSAN 
MILLER 
SMITH 
FLORAL, EVENT AND GARDEN DESIGN 
LEFFERTS PLACE, BROOKLYN, NY 11238 
(347) 223-4704 PHONE 
(718) 230-0990 FAX 
ESTIMATE 
NUMBER 
DATE 
3 211I7 
70th Birthday Party 
TERMS 
REMIT BY 
Due on receipt 
7/3/2017 
Description 
Rate 
Estimated Total 
Additional site visit, meeting with Gigi Mortimer and coordination 
with caterers 
125.00 
500.00T 
Sales Tax (8.875%) 
41,075.51 
Estimated Total 
$13,193.91 
Page 3 
EFTA00807316

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807317.pdf
----------------------------------------
HONEYCOMB ASSET MANAGEMENT E. 
Potential Opportunity: BUY Peloton 
PELOTON 
Price Target (YE20): $42 / +91% 
Risk Price (YE20): $14 / -34% 
Risk / Reward: 2.7x 
Current Price: $22 
February 5, 2019 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION I 
EFTA00807317
--- PAGE 2 ---
OVERVIEW 
I Peloton: It's the Tesla + Netflix of Fitness 
WHY BUY PELOTON? 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• Offering: With a leading hardware, software, and media-integrated offering, we believe 
Peloton can be a disruptor in the global fitness market 
• Growth: We forecast a >70% revenue CAGR through 2021, supported by the signature 
cycling product, new product roll-outs, and international expansion 
• Valuation: We see +91% upside to our year-end 2020 PT with a 41% IRR and 2.7x risk / 
reward, with high growth and a low-churn subscription component driving value 
creation 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807318
--- PAGE 3 ---
PELOTON OVERVIEW 
Disruptive hardware, software, and media-integrated fitness offering 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• Fitness-focused business, currently centered around their signature cycling product, pictured below 
• Offering combines a high-quality studio bike, software including health metrics and social engagement, and media with 
motivational instructor programming 
• Peloton is easy to order online (as well as at Peloton boutiques), with white glove delivery and setup for a similar 
ordering experience to Casper mattresses 
• With a differentiated offering mixing the convenience of a home gym with the quality of a boutique fitness class we 
believe Peloton can disrupt the traditional fitness model 
Any 'r' 
' and intemcbmi 
Immershre performance and health metrics 
Source: Company data 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTP,BUTION 
EFTA00807319
--- PAGE 4 ---
PELOTON POSITIVES - COMPETITIVE PRICING 
Competitive pricing versus other premium fitness offerings 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• Peloton makes money through selling its bike along with class subscriptions 
This is different from most premium gyms that have less upfront cost but either high monthly subscription fees or 
a pay-per-class offering 
- Unlike gym memberships, the cost of Peloton can be spread across multiple users in a household 
• As shown in the following chart, the two-year average monthly cost per rider for Peloton is below competitive 
premium fitness offerings 
=I= 
AVG. MONTHLY COST 
PER RIDER OVER TWO YEARS 
AVG. MONTHLY COST 
PER COUPLE OVER TWO YEARS 
PELOTON' 
$143 
$143 
SOULCYCLE 2
$408 
$816 
$336 
$672 
ODFLYWHEE0 
$290 
$680 
EQUINOX"
5250 
S500 
HeMine 
$185 
$370 
CLASSPASS 2
$180 
$360 
):(rangetheorif 5
$169 
$338 
Source: Peloton calculation and company websites 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807320
--- PAGE 5 ---
PELOTON POSITIVES - LOW CHURN 
We believe the Peloton model supports structurally low churn 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• Customer retention is 96% after 12 months and 84% after 24 months, for monthly churn of <1%. 
- We believe this is a testament to the quality of the product and the strength of the business model 
- Having a Peloton at home is more convenient than going to the gym, and we think users are less likely to cancel a 
subscription to a device they own in their home when compared to a traditional gym membership 
• One Peloton subscription includes multiple user profiles (similar to Spotify or Netflix), which serves as a family plan 
that we believe further lowers churn 
• The low churn factor is key for Peloton's attractive subscrintion economics 
Total Workouts 
2.500.000 
2.000.000 
1.500.000 
1.000.000 
500.000 
22222ir? 444 $
RARRRRRRARRRR 
Workouts per Subscription 
Id 
2 2 2 2 
488  
; 5 
fl
fl
RegeRe 
Source: Company data 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION_ 
EFTA00807321
--- PAGE 6 ---
GROWTH DRIVERS - SIGNATURE PRODUCT 
Growth in the Peloton model begins with core cycling 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• Core cycling is demonstrating continued momentum. Peloton sold -22k bikes in 2015, -62k in 2016, and -131k in 2017 
• Bike Subscribers grew over 700% during this period as shown in the chart below, with Q/Q subscriber growth 
averaging 30% over the past 8 quarters 
• Through investments in the brand, sales force, and retail footprint, we believe Peloton has a continued runway to 
drive bike product and subscription revenue growth within the US 
Bike Subscribers 
400,000 
350,000 
300,000 
250,000 
4O15-4O17 
200,000 
Bike Subs up >700% 
150,000 
- 
• 
I
l 
I 
I 
100,000 
50,000 
l  
I
e 
0'. 41. 
e" 
AV- 
Air 
V" 
# 
o 
o 
6\ 
6\ & os 
6\ 
6\ 
a 
ci 
6\ 
l. 
) 
IN 
) 
IT` 
eV 
4,\  
t:' 
Source: Company data 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
S 
EFTA00807322
--- PAGE 7 ---
GROWTH DRIVERS - INNOVATION PIPELINE 
New product innovation is beginning with the Peloton Tread 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• Peloton has a product innovation pipeline, beginning with a treadmill launch in 2019 
- We see significant potential in treadmills as 5mn+ treadmills are sold annually in the US, 3x more than stationary bikes. 
- Peloton plans to roll out lower price point Bike and Tread versions in coming years which we believe can further 
increase the TAM 
- A potential 3rd product launch is planned for 2021 
• One subscription covers all of Peloton's products, which encourages cross-sell for Bike and Tread customers 
• In addition to hardware, Peloton offers a monthly app-based subscription product, which further expands the TAM 
- Peloton sees 47.8 million households open to subscription fitness; with its talented instructors and loyal customer 
followings, we believe Peloton can be a leader in app-based fitness subscriptions 
PRODUCT ROADMAP 
BIKE 
VI $1,995 
gig 
TREAD 
BIKE 
TREAD 
PRODUCT 3 
VI $3,995 
V2$1,495 
V2 $1,995 I 
$995 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Source: Company data 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807323
--- PAGE 8 ---
MODEL OVERVIEW 
Mix shifting toward subscription revenue is positive 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• With the Peloton model, the Subscription business becomes a larger part of the revenue and GP mix over time, which is 
positive for long-term earnings visibility 
- Between 2O18 and 2O21 we forecast a 70%+ revenue CAGR with product revenue growing -65% and subscription growing -8O%, 
reaching 2O% of revenue in 2O21 
- With subscription gross margins of -75% versus product GM of -35%, we forecast subscriptions representing 35% of gross profit in 
2O21, up from 28% in 2O18 
- As gross profit grows, Peloton can leverage expenses; we forecast operating expenses going from -6O% of revenue in 2O18 to 
-40% in 2O21, with EBITDA and FCF turning positive in 2O21 and net income turning positive in 2022. 
• Additional drivers such as advertising and sponsored classes are not included in our estimates and could be a source of upside 
$2.000 
Revenue by Segment ($mn) 
$1000 
Gross Profit by Segment ($mn) 
$1.500 
2017-2020E 
$800 
Revenue CAGR >70% 
2O17-2O2OE 
GP CAGR >6O% 
$600 
$1.000 
$400 
$500 
$200 
2016 
2017 
2018E 
2019E 
Product Revenue 
• SubSCrIptiOn Revenue 
2020E 
$-
2016 
2017 
2018E 
2019E 
Product Gross Profit 
■ Subscription Gross Profit 
2020E 
Source: Company data Honeycomb estimates 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807324
--- PAGE 9 ---
VALUATION 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• We see +91% Price Target upside with a 41% IRR and 2.7x risk / reward, with high growth and a low-churn subscription 
component driving value creation 
Price Target: $42 (+91%) on 8.5x Honey 2021 subscription revenue and 5.5x Honey 2021 product gross profit. 
Risk Price: $14 (-34%) on 4.5x a -25% discount to Honey 2021 sub revenue and 1.5x a -25% discount to Honey 2021 product GP 
Risk/Reward: 2.7x 
PRICE TARGET at Year-end 2020 
Subscription 
2021 Subscription Revenue 
EV / Revenue 
EV Contribution 
Product / Other 
2021 Product / Other GP 
EV / Gross Profit 
EV Contribution 
li la I 
Enterprise Value 
Net Debt 
MCAP 
Shares O S 
Share Price 
% return 
Implied EV/2021 Revenue 
Implied EV/2021 GP 
IRR 
686 
8.5x 
5,831 
988 
5,432 
11,264 
(685) 
11,948 
284 
$42 
91.3% 
RISK PRICE at Year-end 2020 
Subscription 
2021 Subscription Revenue 
EV / Revenue 
EV Contribution 
Haircut 
-25% 
Product / Other 
2021 Product Other GP 
-25% 
EV / Gross Profit 
EV Contribution 
Iolal 
Enterprise Value 
Net Debt 
MCAP 
Shares O/S 
Share Price 
% return 
3.2x 
Implied EV/2021 Revenue (-25% haircut) 
7.5x 
Implied EV/2021 GP (-25% haircut) 
41% 
Risk/ Reward 
515 
4.5x 
2,315 
741 
1-5x 
1,111 
3,427 
(685) 
4,111 
284 
$14 
(34.2)% 
1.3x 
3.0x 
2.7x 
Source: Honeycomb estimates 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807325
--- PAGE 10 ---
CONCLUSION 
BUY Peloton 
Price Target (YE20): $42 / +91% 
Risk Price (YE20): $14 / -34% 
Risk / Reward: 2.7x 
Current Price: $22 
, 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807326
--- PAGE 11 ---
APPENDIX - PRICING OPTIONS 
Hardware packages (incl. financing options), plus membership subscriptions 
BASICS PACKAGE 
ESSENTIALS PACKAGE 
WORKS PACKAGE 
FAMILY PACKAGE 
$2245 
Or pay as low as $58/mo 
fm 39 MOS at ' 
SHOP NOW 
Includes 
Pelolo^ Si< 
e.arrart, 
De N.') an: Situp .ES: I 0 
Choose your Bike experience 
Get what you need to start training. whether its just the Peloton Bike, warranty 
and Membership. which gets you unlimited access to Petotcn classes, or 
aCOeSSOrres to equip yOu and yOur faMily 
$2,404 
Or pay as low as $62/mo 
foe' 39 mos at cr, APR 
SHOP NOW 
Includn 
Peloton Luke 
Yr. Limited warranty 
(*Every and Setup (Est) 0 
gives (1 Pair) 
weihrs (I Dew) 
Keadphones(1 Pair) 
$2,494 
Or pay as low as 564/mo 
for 39 moS at M, AD; 
SHOP NOW 
Includes 
Peloton eke 
Yr. Limited warranty 
Delivery and Setup (Est) 0 
Shoes (1 Pair) 
Mints (I Pain 
Headphones II PIRO 
Heart Rate Waiter 
She Met 
$2,694 
Or pay as of. al 
Ter 3'4 
: 
SHOP NOW 
Includes 
Peloton Sae 
Yr. Landed Warranty 
Detnery and Setup 'Est 
Shoes (2 Pa 
weights I F., 
Headphones j2 = ) •-
Heart Rate men ito• .2 
Ste Mat 
Water Bottles (2) 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
PELOTON MEMBERSHIP 
Access all classes via the Pelotpn 
Bike. Tread and app 
S39irno 
Requires Peloton Bike or Tread 
SHOP BIKE 
SHOP TREAD 
• 
Unlimited Peloton classes on the Bike. Tread and 
on the go 
• 
20. lire classes daily and over 10.000 on.demand 
• 
unlimited user profiles 
• 
A variety of class types including cycling. 
running, bootcamp, yoga. outdoor and more 
J 
includes Digital Membership (access on OS, 
Android and Web) 
• 
InstruCtOr Curdled training programs 
• 
Live workout metrics including distance, heart 
rate. and resistance 
• 
Derailed workout performance dashboard 
• 
Live and 0nDeMand class Leaderboard 
Source: Company website as of 2/5/2O19 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807327

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807328.pdf
----------------------------------------
HONEYCOMB ASSET MANAGEMENT LP 
Potential Opportunity: BUY Peloton 
PELOTON 
Price Target (June 2020): $38 / +60% 
Price Target (June 2021): $53 / +126% 
Purchase Price: $23.58 
March 7, 2019 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR DISTAIOVRON 
EFTA00807328
--- PAGE 2 ---
IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLOSURE 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
The case study presented herein regarding a potential investment in Patton Interactive. Inc. ("Peloton") has been provided to you for informational purposes only, is based on your expression of interest in 
participating in the investment and is not an advertisement. The case study is confidential. intended only for the person to whom it has been presented and under no circumstance may a copy be shown, copied. 
transmitted. or otherwise given to any person other than the authorized recipient without the prior written consent of Honeycomb Asset Management LP (the "Investment Manager"). The case study is not 
intended to provide any certainty of the profitability of the PeMon investment. There can be no guarantee that the PePolon investment will be consummated or. even if consummated, that you will be permitted to 
participate in the investment or participate in the amount you indicate to the Investment Manager. Much of the information contained herein is subjective and/or reflects the Investment Manager's beliefs, 
estimates or lorecasts, or has been provided by third parties. Such information is not a prediction or guarantee of any particular outcome (including positive investment performance) as such beliefs, estimates 
and forecasts are based on assumptions. information or claims that could prove to be incorrect. In particular. target return information is provided as general guidance only and there can be no guarantee that 
such returns will be achieved or that the Peloton investment will be profitable. The information contained herein is as of the date hereof except as otherwise specifically stated. 
No representation or warranty is made, whether expressed or implied, by the Investment Manager or any of their partners. employees, members. or agents as to the completeness or accuracy of the iNormation 
provided herein. This document may be amended at any time. There is no express or copied obligation to update you of any changes to the information set forth herein. The information contained herein should 
not be relied upon as the basis of any investment decision. You should instead conduct your own independent legal, tax and investment due diligence. 
This document is not intended to be. nor should it be construed or used as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of any otter to buy. interests or shares in any fund managed or advised by the Investment Manager 
(collectively. the "Funds"), including the Fund through which the Peloton investment will be made. No otter or solicitation may be made prior to the delivery of complete offering materials for the Funds (the 
'Offering Materials"). which will contain additional information about the Funds. including disclosures relating to risk factors. conflicts of interest. lees and expenses to be home by investors, and other important 
information. The information contained herein does not take into account the particular investment objectives or financial circumstances of any specific person who may receive it and is qualified in its entirety by 
the Offering Materials. In the event of any discrepancies between the information contained herein and the Offering Materials. the Offering Materials will control. The information herein is not intended to provide. 
and should not be relied upon for, accounting, legal or tax advice or investment recommendations. Each recipient of this document should make an independent investigation as to all matters concerning an 
investment in the Funds. inducing consulting with its own tax. legal, accounting or other advisors. In making an investment decision. investors must rely teen their own independent due diligence and the terms 
of the ollering. including the merits and risks involved. 
An investment in the Funds is not suitable for all investors. An investment in the Funds will be suitable only for certain financially sophisticated investors who meet certain eligibility requirements. have no need for 
liquidity in their investment, can bear significant investment losses, and can bear the risk of an investment in the Funds for an extended period of time. No guarantee or representation is made that and Fund's 
investment program, including. without limitation. its investment objectives. diversification strategies, or risk monitoring goals. will be successful. Investment results may vary substantialy over time, and 
substantial losses may occur. Nothing herein is intended to imply that any Fund's investment methodology may be considered "conservative". "safe". 'risk tree' or 'risk averse'. Economic, market and other 
conditions could also cause the Funds to alter their investment objectives. guidelines and restrictions. 
Certain information contained in this document constitutes "lawarchlooking statements". which can be identified by the use of forwarchlooking terminology such as "may'. "will'. 'should". "expect". 'anticipate'. 
"larger. "project". "estimate". intend". 'continue' or believe' or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties and assumptions made by the 
Investment Manager. actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such lorwarcflooking statements. 
Past perlonnance is not indicative nor a guarantee of future returns. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR DISTRI0VRON 
EFTA00807329
--- PAGE 3 ---
KEY INVESTMENT POINTS 
We see potential for Peloton to become the Apple + Netflix of Fitness 
WHY INVEST IN PELOTON? 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• Offering: With a leading hardware, software, and media-integrated offering, we believe Peloton can be a disruptor in the $1006 global 
fitness market 
We see Peloton as multiple companies in one which widens the competitive moat 
NETFLIX 
SPotifY 
Media 
Software 
Equipment 
S 
salesforce 
servicenow 
A ATLASS IAN 
• Growth: We forecast a >60% revenue CAGR through 2022, supported by the signature cycling product, new product roll-outs, and 
international expansion 
We believe Wellness is a long-term secular trend and see Peloton using technology to connect the world through fitness 
• Attractive Return: We see potential +126% upside to our June 2021 PT and a potential 42% gross IRR, with high growth and a low-churn 
subscription component driving value creation 
Peloton has indicated plans to go public in 2019' 
Source: WSJ 'Peloton Interviews Banks for IPO' (Feb 11, 2019); WSJ "Take a Ride With Peloton CEO John Foley (Nov 5, 2018) 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR OISTRSUTION 
EFTA00807330
--- PAGE 4 ---
PELOTON OVERVIEW: COMPANY BACKGROUND 
Disruptive hardware. software. and media-integrated fitness offering 
Backaround 
• Founded in 2012 by CEO John Foley and headquartered in NYC 
• 1,200+ employees and growing, including a >200 person software engineering team 
• Over $800M of revenue. growing 100% YN (per CEO Yahoo Finance interview) 
 HONEYCOMB 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
Product Offering 
• Peloton started with its signature Bike product (>300K sold) and recently launched a Treadmill 
• Peloton offers monthly subscriptions, both with the physical products and as a standalone app. Peloton has -300K subscribers and -1M members. with multiple 
members of a household able to share a subscription 
Engagement 
• Over 2.5M rides taken monthly by the Peloton community (as of Apr. 2018). The average rider uses Peloton 12-13 times per month 
• Peloton riders rode 165M miles in the year ended August 2018. with 600M+ calories burned per month 
• Net churn for the subscription business is <1% per month, and 96% of Peloton Bikes and Treadmills sold have active memberships attached 
Media 
• Up to 14 daily live Bike rides, with instructors who gain 'celebrity status. Average of -500 riders per class 
• Library of >10K on-demand classes across major fitness verticals. 10% of classes are taken live versus 90% on-demand 
• Peloton is spending $45M to develop a new digital media studio in NY. with an additional studio planned in Europe 
Distribution 
• Peloton operates its own retail stores (70+ currently) and its own logistics network 
Source: Honeycomb, Company website, CEO interviews (WSJ, Strategy Business Interview, Yahoo Finance, CNBC) 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR OISTRBUTION. 
EFTA00807331
--- PAGE 5 ---
PELOTON OVERVIEW: PRICING OPTIONS 
Equipment packages (incl financing options), plus membership subscriptions 
O 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• Base price of $2,245 for the Peloton Bike, including delivery, setup, and a 1 year warranty. Additional packages include accessories 
Option to finance the purchase at 0% APR for $58/month for the base Bike package 
• Subscriptions for both bikes and treadmills are $39/month through the Peloton equipment or $19.49/month through Peloton's digital app 
Choose your Bike experience 
Get that ytit feed to scan trainng. whether its rust the %IMO., BAR A arrant),
and Membership, welch gets yOu Wended access to PetotOfiClaSSeS or 
accessories to erat.To yOU arc yriK fanny 
)4 4th Oil elcir l! 
Mitt, 
PACKA011 
MCP mom 
Ma *Om 
tWlit Mow 
lad Its 
hrctri e.e 
.r, re Sets Ls: 0 
tssilitemirs PaCknell 
MSS 
heeme Ste 
INCHEII• /MORASS
'tt.1.•"-Mt ATM", 
Yr imutee ormanty 
:miry arc Sr-re Er. 0 
Caney ant Seim aastl 0 
Sums 
ash 
Sestet(IPeel 
AIM'S I" Wir 
WMWS 
0110 
"ttOTMet ' >ir 
neNIPPOnell it Der) 
NMI 1,Mt WT401 
itUN
FAMILY PACKAGE 
includes 
I Yr LI-•'Ha 0.3trar:, 
Oefrary axi sea list I 0 
Vett (2 Peril 
Welts (/ Mee) 
e•e `'• 
WW Settle" MI 
PELOTON MEMBERSHIP 
%ccess all classes via the Peg,' 
&Ice. Ttead and app 
Sniffle 
thapuless MOW MP a bye% 
teee,10
SHOP tan,.
sh 
Unlimited Pelelon Seem on MO Bea Tread to 
on the pa 
I 
Me Owes doily inacrrei 10000 onKlema, r 
• 
Una/Piled use plat 
A varlets el class types including erring. 
Prolcaralt irsaaa 04M001 WI mole 
I 
Potwar. Nadal tIorberillip Oporto on KIS, 
Andros:I and Web) 
• 
InttrUCter (Waled Man.; programs 
or 
tinworkout nacirKs prolsalong Mt-MCC heart 
lab. Me ue4 Wxe 
• 
Deleiled.oilicut perionnamy o 
ye 
Ott and ersolemiosel cans I. Kul. 
Source: Company website as of March 2019 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR OISTRBUTION. 
EFTA00807332
--- PAGE 6 ---
PELOTON OVERVIEW: PRICING OPTIONS 
Equipment packages (incl. financing options). plus membership subscriptions 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
• Base price of $4,295 for the Peloton Treadmill, including delivery, setup, and a 1 year warranty. Additional packages include accessories 
Option to finance the purchase at 0% APR for $179/month for the base Tread package 
• Subscriptions for both bikes and treadmills are $39/month through the Peloton equipment or $19.49/month through Peloton's digital app 
Choose your Tread experience 
Sr. este to: ^Ng t: 5! VI 
.5: 
:C• 
'•"! 
Win 
Pil
EASELS PACKAGE 
SHOP HOW 
MASS 
NIRO, 'Boo 
V. Nita»: eitrrte 
:ghee rt.:Sego Er 0 
ESSENTIALS PACKAGE 
. 
1.4 
1:1
I 
‘ 
M=IIEMIE 
EMMY PACKAGE 
T
OC 
)C 
SHOP HOW 
:Al.or, rc Sr.: Er 0 
aartsactE•-•cp I $e 
ifet 
Z AV, 
LWOW V1! 
SHOP ROW 
IncluMIS 
:444,417filiA 
I V, na:WA analli 
:ant" an* Saba Er , 0 
Eters-ea War :• 
Fee hers 4 :oar 
Ewes* Mr. 
Sass Cale Boma 
SHOP HOW 
lacludm 
PELOTON MEMBERSHIP 
t•CeeSS all classes via the Pe 
r 
Bike, 'need and app 
$39/mo 
atoetteg Pe101et NA* a Tier: 
SHOP EOM 
rtiet.7 
lionalled Inalolon claim on Me GA. Bead owl 
en the go 
• 
20. Mt classes dolly Ina Orel 19000 on-demon, 
• 
unlimited out Nobles 
I 
A valet, a flats topes including [-Khoo 
,,,,,, 
MalcamP. Oen *Mop and MOO e 
▪ 
Includes oigitai magertship Omni on 00.S. 
Android and Web) 
• 
InStrUCtOr waled tresemg moments 
 
lave woetout mem. acluang altugge 
tee oftilgettanc• 
• 
DOIMMI mlitkOul perlamacOn 
I 
I 
ova tee tat Clettland(imi I ',CI. 
Source: Company website as of March 2019 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR OISTRSUTION 
EFTA00807333
--- PAGE 7 ---
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS: LARGE TOTAL ADDRESSABLE MARKET (TAM) 
O
HONEYCOMB 
...„
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
The Global Fitness market is large and ripe for disruption 
• We see a $100B Global Fitness industry, with nearly $90B in Health Club revenue (per IHRSA) and over $10B in Fitness 
Equipment sales annually (per Zion Market Research) 
• The US Health Club industry is only -1/3° of the global total 4 International is a 2x larger opportunity 
• US health clubs have over 60M members, and the Global industry has over 174M members. We believe Peloton can grow 
their -300K subscriber base by 3x in two years, and Peloton would still represent less than -1% penetration of total fitness 
memberships 
• The 200,000+ Global health club locations are also potential customers for Peloton products 
Traditional 
Boutique 
EQUINOX 
SOULCYCLE 
* 
BARRY'S 
FLYWHEEL 
At Home 
PELOTON.
Source: International Health, Racquet & Sportsclub Association (IHRSA); Jefferies; Honeycomb estimates 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807334
--- PAGE 8 ---
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS: LARGE TOTAL ADDRESSABLE MARKET (TAM) 
\
-
z
"
O0
Leading subscription businesses have very large user bases
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• Leading subscription services across media verticals have achieved subscriber bases in the -100M range or higher, while leading 
gym companies have member bases numbering in the millions 
• With -300K subscribers by our estimates, we see a significant growth runway for Peloton as the premier Fitness-as-a-Service 
company 
160 
140 
120 
100 
SO 
For Peloton's app-based offering, we see a potential TAM of 100M+ households globally 
Global Subscriber Counts - Media (mn) 
'140 
Netflix 
- 100 
-96 
Amazon Prime 
Sootily 
— 
S 
Global Subscriber Counts -Gyms (mn) 
-s 1 
Planet Fitness 
LA Fitness 
Crossfit 
Hour Fitness 
Gold's Gym 
Source: Jefferies, Honeycomb estimates 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR DISTRBUTION. 
EFTA00807335
--- PAGE 9 ---
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS: BRAND RECOGNITION 
Survey shows high recognition plus runway for adoption 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• According to Jefferies Equity Research in an August 2018 survey, 53% of respondents indicated they are aware of Peloton 
• Over 60% of surveyed people plan to consume home workouts and 30% have canceled a health club membership 
o Only 12% of respondents indicated owning a Peloton, but 58% said they were either very likely to buy or considering buying 
one 
Chart 14: Which of the following statements are true, 
select all that apply. 
100% 
90% 
80% 
70% 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
I am aware of I own a Pdoton 
Peloton 
I take or plank, 
take boutique 
fitness dasses in 
the next 6 
months 
I cortsume or I have canceled 
plan to 
a health dub 
consume at 
membership is 
borne workouts the last 3 years 
in the next 6 
months 
'flue 
False 
U 
I currently 
attend Planet 
Fitness as a 
member 
Chart 15: How likely are you to purchase a Peloton in the 
next 12 months? 
35% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
Very lkely 
I'm considering buying 
one 
I'm not interested 
I don't know 
Source: Jefferies 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR OISTRIBUTION. 
EFTA00807336
--- PAGE 10 ---
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS: BRAND RECOGNITION 
Peloton is outpacing peers in Google Trend results 
■ 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• Peloton Google search interest in the US continues to accelerate, with higher peaks each year in the seasonally strong 
4O, while SoulCycle and Flywheel search trends have flattened out 
• We believe this demonstrates the significant lead Peloton has over competing brands 
100 
<7' 
4' 
(0 
N."‘ 
.y0 
'Y0 
No.A 
) 
,*? 
"  
4<bc 
t 
ebv
>•>\.
Google Trends for Premium Cycling Brands 
Consumers increasingly 
searching for Peloton 
—Peloton 
SoulCycle —Flywheel 
Source: Google Trends (for searches in the U.S.) 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807337
--- PAGE 11 ---
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS: BRAND RECOGNITION 
Peloton has a passionate social media following 
750K+ Facebook / Twitter / Instagram Followers 
e Peloton has more followers than current subscribers 
facebook 
Peloton 0 
Peloton 0 
Community 
a 
448.198 Geode kme oils 
s\ 430.628 oeNde bow Ms 
lw•el, 
I n31...ng 
7.266 
1.256 
37.9K 
Lan 
9.398 
Tweets 
Tweets & replies 
Media 
OO irtstagraws 
cn ir:pe utc a 0 
foo, 
203 folloolng 
Peloton 
Reinvent ng Owens not 
& on, derna-4 bo.neye studio dosses 
on the Pethoon gke, Penton tread & Pecoon Dign> oonopcioton 
linku.ee/onepekoton 
See All 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
Followers Show a Passion for Peloton 
O
 Scott Bell @wmsbell • 3h 
v 
If you don't have it get it ride it. and Love it....peloton 
O
 trlccla ramos etricoaramos • Feb 28 
N.,
Broke a new record today! Celebrating small wins and enjoying the growth that is 
happening here 
al
Deanersca ,Deanerzzzz - 1Sh 
I've committed to 30 Kpuloton rides in March. Who's in?? 
O
The Peckish Raven @thepeckishraven - Feb 26 
v 
I started this day with a invorkout by Ipeloton jsimsfit that was SO challenging 
but just what I needed. Never underestimate what you can achieve in just 30 
410
 KilmbeTty Clow Wood el0rnberlyCWood • Feb 22 
@AllymissLove got a ePetoton and you're my favorite- love the energy and 
encouragement! I never want to disappoint and I fellow all the instructions- I 
don't even do that for my run coach! 
'scalene @jacicster_93 • Feb 28 
Replying to ra'ericjpride 
I want the •Peloton bike so badly! Lol! 
`se 
Source: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram websites 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR OISTRSUTION 
EFTA00807338
--- PAGE 12 ---
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS: HIGH-MARGIN SUBSCRIPTION MODEL 
Peloton = Not as expensive as it looks 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
• The Peloton bike plus subscription model is different from most premium gyms, which can have lower upfront costs but either high monthly 
fees or a pay-per•class offering 
• Unlike gym memberships, the cost of Peloton can be spread across a household (up to 6 memberships per subscription) 
As shown below, the two-year average monthly cost per rider for Peloton is below competitive premium fitness offerings 
Fitness Option 
Avg Monthly Cost 
Per Rider over 2Yrs 
Avg Monthly Cost 
Per Couple over 2Yrs 
PELOTON (I)
$143 
$143 
Cheaper per month than alternatives 
SOULCYCLE (2)
$412 
$824 
ErARY'S (2)
$400 
$800 
O
FLYWI IELL (2)
$252 
$504 
EQU I NOX (4) 
$250 
$500 
the bar method 
$300 
$600 
CLASSPASS (3)
$160 
$320 
rangetheory' (3) 
$280 
$560 
Source: Company websites (New York prices) 
(1) Assumes average fully-loaded bike upfront cost of $2.494 + $39/mo subscription: (2) Assumes 12 classes per month (3 per week) at a 10-class pack + 2 single class rate: 
(3) Assumes most cost effective monthly membership: (4) Assumes global access membership 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807339
--- PAGE 13 ---
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS: HIGH-MARGIN SUBSCRIPTION MODEL 
As the subscription business grows. the margin profile improves 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
• Low churn (estimated <1% monthly), supported by a high quality offering, multiple user profiles (like SpotifyThefflix). and in•home convenience 
We understand 96% of Pebton Bikes and Treads have active memberships attached, and used bikes sell for only a -10% secondary market discount given the high demand 
for the product 
High engagement with consumers averaging 12.13 rides per month, up from 7-8 in the earlier days of the company per CEO John Foley in a May '18 interview 
• Peloton's subscription revenue has the ability to eam very high incremental margins, which will have the effect of driving up total company margins 
• We believe other potential services like Advertising and Commerce would also be very high-margin revenue streams to leverage Peloton's fixed cost base (we do not underwrite 
these additional business opportunities. but see them as upside optionality) 
• By FY June 2024 on Honeycomb estimates, we believe over 50% of Peloton's gross profits will be from their Subscription business 
47.0% 
46.0% 
45.0% 
44.E 
43.0% 
42.0% 
41.0% 
40.0% 
39.0% 
38.0% 
37.0% 
Peloton Total Gross Margin 
Efficiencies of scale & 
subscription mix shift 
New 
product 
launch 
Jun-19 
Jun-20 
Jun-21 
Jun-22 
Jun-23 
Jun-24 
100% 
80% 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
Peloton Gross Margin Mix 
1 1 1 
Jun-19 
Jun-20 
Jun-21 
Jun-22 
Jun-23 
Jun-24 
■ Equipment %GP 
■ Subscription % GP 
Source: Honeycomb estimates, CEO interview (The Clip Out Podcast interview with John Foley, May 2018) 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807340
--- PAGE 14 ---
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS: GROWTH PIPELINE 
New products, new markets. and app offering support growth 
• New Products, Starting with Tread: 
Bike customers that buy a Tread have no additional monthly subscription cost 
Treadmill pre-sales were 3x management's estimates over the first six months 
We see opportunities for lower priced models and a potential 3rd product 
• New Markets: 
We see international expansion as a meaningful growth opportunity 
• App Offering 
With talented instructors and loyal customers, we see Peloton as a leader in app-based 
fitness subscriptions 
Peloton content can be leveraged on the 17M treadmills in American homes today 
Additional Monetization Opportunities 
Media strategy could evolve to include targeted Advertising and e•Commerce 
• 
• 
gum« • 
1000AM 
45min Metrics Ride 
WON AftiON 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
(0. AM 
*JOAN 
rxw,w 
mr
Source: Honeycomb, Company website, CEO interview (Yahoo Finance) 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR OISTRBUTION. 
EFTA00807341
--- PAGE 15 ---
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS: COMMERCIAL PARTNERSHIPS 
Expanding past residential opens new markets and further builds the brand 
• We see growth potential from expanding commercial partnerships such as 
those with hotels, apartment buildings, and corporate offices 
• As an example, Westin Hotels has a partnership in place with Peloton, with 
bikes in Westin fitness centers and select guest rooms at 50+ locations 
across the US 
We think this is a win•win partnership, with travelers looking for fitness 
options and Peloton obtaining new users 
According to a survey by Studylogic, 83% of travelers said access to 
wellness programs while traveling is at least somewhat important when 
choosing a hotel 
In particular, Millennials, those in their 20s and 30s who are starting to travel 
more, largely said they intend to exercise on the road. Nearly 40% of them 
specifically planned to cycle 
PELOTON 
Stay Nlotivated 
On The Go 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
Itise & Ride With Westin Peloton 
Source: Honeycomb; Westin website; USA Today article: Workout amenity: Peloton bikes in hotel rooms' 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR OISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00807342
--- PAGE 16 ---
VALUATION AND COMPS 
• We forecast a 3-year revenue and gross profit CAGR of >60%, with EBITDA profitability by FY June 2022 
• We see +60% potential upside to our June 2020 Price Target with a potential 43% gross IRR 
• We see +126% potential upside to our June 2021 Price Target with a potential 42% gross IRR 
Stock Puce 
$23.58 
FOS 0/6 
Martel Cap 
6,762 
Debt 
g27± 
TEV 
6,312 
June 2020Price Target 
lune 2021 Price Target 
June 2021 Gross Profit 
1.109 
lune 2022 Gross Profit 
1,628 
EV I Gross Profit multiple 
10.0x 
EV/Gross Profit multiple 
100' 
TEV 
11.094 
TEV 
16,284 
Debt 
Oebt 
Cash 
Cash 
Market Cap 
11.667 
Market Cap 
16,785 
EDS 0/S 
309 
FOS 0/S 
315 
Price Target 
$37.79 
Price Target 
$53.35 
% gross return 
603% 
%gross return 
126.3% 
Gross IRR 
43.1% 
Gross IRR 
42.3% 
Source: Honeycomb estimates 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR OiSTRIBuTb3N. 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
lun•19E 
Am.20E 
lun•21E 
Jun-22E 
/un•23E 
lun-24E 
'19-22 
r CAGR 
'19-24 
CAGR 
Equipment Revenue 
$703 
$1421 
$1,347 
$1,962 
$2,691 
$4,150 
563% 
42.8% 
Subscription Revenue 
$184 
$386 
$680 
51.096 
$1.607 
$2,267 
81.2% 
65.2% 
Total Revenue 
$884 
61,713 
$2,641 
$3,787 
$5,028 
$6,416 
62.4% 
48.6% 
% yoy thonge 
Ices 
96.0% 
52.4% 
414% 
32.8% 
27.6% 
$ yoy change 
449 
849 
978 
1,146 
1,241 
1,388 
WI Revenue 
7.1x 
16x 
2.4x 
1.7x 
1.3x 
1.04 
% total revenue 
Equipment revenue 
79.2% 
77.7% 
743% 
711% 
68.0% 
64.7% 
Subscription revenue 
208% 
22.3% 
25.7% 
289% 
32.0% 
35.3% 
Equipment Gross Profit 
$266 
$450 
$674 
$916 
51.177 
51,433 
Subscription Gross Profit 
5114 
$243 
$435 
$712 
$1.061 
$1,519 
Gross Profit 
$380 
$693 
$1,109 
$1,628 
$2238 
$2,952 
62.4% 
50.7% 
yoy chonge 
85.9% 
82.4% 
60.036 
468% 
37.4% 
319% 
% margin 
43.0% 
40.0% 
42.0% 
410% 
44.5% 
46.0% 
$ yoy change 
176 
313 
426 
519 
609 
714 
EV /Gross Profit 
16.6x 
9.1x 
5.7x 
3.9x 
28x 
2.14 
% total gross profs 
Equipment Gross Profit 
700% 
649% 
608% 
56.3% 
52.6% 
485% 
Subscription Gross Profit 
300% 
3S1% 
39.2% 
417% 
47.4% 
51.5% 
Operating Expenses 
(5483) 
($869) 
($1,181) 
($1,476) 
(51.801) 
(52,162) 
45.2% 
35.0% 
% yoy change 
12.0% 
800% 
36.074 
25.0% 
22.0% 
200% 
% sales 
IMO% 
(501)% 
(44.7)% 
(39.0)% 
(35.81% 
(33.7)% 
Yoy change 
4268) 
(386) 
(313) 
(295) 
(325) 
(360) 
EBITDA 
($102) 
(175) 
($72) 
$152 
$436 
$790 
nfrn 
n/m 
% yoy change 
923.5% 
71.2% 
(59.0)% 
(311.7)% 
187.1% 
81.1% 
%margin 
(11.6)% 
day% 
(2.7)% 
40% 
87% 
I2.3% 
yoy change 
(92) 
(73) 
103 
224 
284 
354 
EV/ EMMA 
(61.7)x 
(36.0)x 
(87.9)x 
4154 
14.5x 
as 
EFTA00807343
--- PAGE 17 ---
VALUATION AND COMPS 
11M 
Internet and Software peers trade for 10-12x GP for much slower growth than Peloton 
Internet Subscription Comps 
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
Ticker 
Price 
Mkt Cap 
EV Sales 
Sales Growth 
EV GP 
Goss Profit Growth 
EV 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Internet Subscription Comm 
NFLX 
$356.81 $155,783 
$162,348 
8.0x 
6.5x 
5.5x 
28% 
24% 
19% 
20.5x 16.1x 
13.5x 
36% 
27% 
19% 
SPOT 
$141.94 
$25,671 
$23,865 
3.2x 
2.6x 
2.1x 
22% 
23% 
23% 
12.9x 10.0x 
7.8x 
16% 
29% 
28% 
SHOP 
$188.16 
$20,807 
$18,838 
12.7x 
9.6x 
7.4x 
38% 
32% 
30% 
22.8x 17.2x 
13.0x 
38% 
33% 
33% 
UM H 
554.83 
$15,267 
$16,596 
8.3x 
7.2x 
6.4x 
16% 
15% 
13% 
11.0x 
9.5x 
8.4x 
14% 
15% 
14% 
SNAP 
$9.59 
$12,669 
$11,390 
7.4x 
5.7x 
4.6x 
31% 
30% 
24% 
16.6x 10.8x 
8.1x 
78% 
54% 
34% 
WE 
$17.90 
$29,271 
$17,786 
4.5x 
3.3x 
2.6x 
41% 
35% 
29% 
12.5x 
9.2x 
7.2x 
31% 
36% 
26% 
R0KU 
$72.00 
$7.924 
$7.574 
7.5x 
5.6x 
4.3x 
37% 
32% 
31% 
16.3x 
11.8x 
8.6x 
40% 
39% 
36% 
CHGG 
$39A8 
$4.575 
$4,390 
11.2x 
9.2x 
7.2x 
23% 
22% 
28% 
14.7x a 
9.1x 
24% 
23% 
32% 
Average 
7.8x 
6.2x 
5.0x 
29% 
27% 
25% 
15.9x 
12.1x 
9.5x 
35% 
32% 
28% 
Median 
7.7x 
6.1x 
5.0x 
29% 
27% 
26% 
15.5x 
11.3x 
8.5x 
34% 
31% 
30% 
Peloton 
$23.58 
$6.762 
$6312 
4.4x 
2.7x 
1.9x 
98% 
62% 
46% 
10.8x 
6.6x 
4.4x 
83% 
65% 
50% 
Subscription Software Comps 
EV/Sales 
Sales Growth 
EV GP 
Gross Profit Growth 
Ticker 
Price 
Mkt Cap 
2021 2221 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Subscription Software 
ADBE 
$256.16 $125289 $126,185 
11.1x 
9.5x 
8.4x 
23% 
17% 
14% 
12.7x 10.8x 
9.5x 
23% 
18% 
14% 
CRM 
$156.94 $120,059 
$118,893 
7.5x 
6.3x 
5.4x 
21% 
19% 
18% 
9.8x 
8.2x 
6.9x 
22% 
19% 
19% 
INTU 
$246.26 
$63,799 
$63,449 
9.3x 
8.4x 
NA 
8% 
11% 
NA 
11.0x 
9.9x 
NA 
8% 
11% 
NA 
NOW 
$236.30 
$42,652 
$41,816 
12.2x 
9.5x 
7.6x 
32% 
28% 
25% 
15.0x 11.6x 
9.1x 
34% 
29% 
27% 
WDAY 
$183.76 
$40,060 
$39,486 
11.3x 
9.2x 
7.5x 
27% 
23% 
23% 
14.9x 12.0x 
9.7x 
30% 
24% 
24% 
ADSK 
$153.34 
$33,583 
$34,717 
10.8x 
8.9x 
8.1x 
29% 
22% 
10% 
11.8x 
9.7x 
8.8x 
30% 
22% 
11% 
TEAM 
$106.03 
$25.394 
$24,586 
18.1x 
14.9x 
11.3x 
31% 
22% 
31% 
21.1x 
17.4x 
NA 
32% 
21% 
NA 
Average 
11.5x 
9.5x 
8.0x 
24% 
20% 
20% 
13.8x 
11.4x 
8.8x 
26% 
21% 
19% 
Median 
11.1x 
9.2x 
7.8x 
27% 
22% 
20% 
12.7x 
10.8x 
9.1x 
30% 
21% 
19% 
Peloton 
$23.58 
$6,762 
$6,312 
4.4x 
2.7x 
1.9x 
98% 
62% 
46% 
10.8x 
6.6x 
4.4x 
83% 
65% 
50% 
Source: Bloomberg consensus estimates; Honeycomb estimates for Peloton (calendarized multiples) 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NOT FOR OISTRSUTION 
EFTA00807344

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807345.pdf
----------------------------------------
People Finder Historical: A J BISCALA 
People Finder - Historic Tracker Record 
Source Information 
Last Known Address In 
Information Current Through: 
07/31/2018 
Current Address: 
Database Last Updated: 
08/04/2018 
Update Frequency: 
MONTHLY 
Phone Number I: 
Current Date: 
08/15/2018 
Address First 
08/01/2013 
Reported: 
Source: 
TRANS UNION 
Other Address Infor 
Individual Information 
Previous Address: 
Name: 
BISCALA, A .1 
Also Known As: 
SCALA, ABRAXAS DI 
JDISCALA, ABRAXAS 
Address First 
05/24/2010 
DISCALA, ABRAXAS J 
Reported: 
DISCALA, A J 
DISCALA, ABRAXIS 
Previous Address: 
DISCALA, ABAXAS J 
DISCALA, ABRAXAS 
SSN: 
Address First 
05/10/2010 
Historic Phone 
Reported: 
Number: 
Previous Address: 
On File Since: 
09/01/1990 
Address First 
11/01/2005 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
05/01/2005 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
WESTLAW 
© 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00807345
--- PAGE 2 ---
People Finder Historical: A J BISCALA 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
05/01/2005 
02/01/2005 
02/25/2004 
07/18/2001 
07/18/2001 
07/18/2001 
07/18/2001 
WESTLAW 
© 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00807346
--- PAGE 3 ---
People Finder Historical: A J BISCALA 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
Reported: 
Previous Address: 
Address First 
Reported: 
07/18/2001 
10/01/2000 
09/01/2000 
08/01/2000 
01/01/2000 
Thomson Reuters Legal is not a consumer reporting agency and none of its services or the data contained therein constitute 
a 'consumer report' as such term is defined in the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), 15 U.S.C. sec. 1681 et seq. 
The data provided to you may not be used as a factor in consumer debt collection decisioning, establishing a consumer's 
eligibility for credit. insurance, employment, government benefits, or housing, or for any other purpose authorized under 
the FCRA. By accessing one of our services, you agree not to use the service or data for any purpose authorized under the 
FCRA or in relation to taking an adverse action relating to a consumer application. 
End of Document 
C 201K Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW 
© 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00807347

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807348.pdf
----------------------------------------
BIOIMPACT, INC. 
P.O. BOX 132 KINGSHILL 
ST. CROIX, U.S.VIRGIN ISLANDS 00851 
340 690-8445 FAX 340 718.3800 
bioimpact@islands.vi bioimpact.islands.vi@gmaiLcom 
October 29, 2018 
Jeffrey Epstein 
LSJE LLC 
Outer Cays U.S Virgin Islands 
Re: Great St. James Environmental Services 
Invoice 06 
RAI responses on Dock application 
hours 
Visit to Islands with USAGE 
hours 
Non-compliance Remediation site visits 2 boat crew 
Non-compliance Remediation site visit 
hours 
Revision of EAR to include emergency ramp 
hours 
LSJ responses 
hours 
Total hours 
$ 4,500.00 
$ 9,200.00 
Total Invoice Amount 
$13,700.00 
Please do not hesitate to call if you have any questions or concerns. 
Amy Claire Dempsey, •. 
President, Bioimpact, Inc. 
BIOIMPACT, INC. 
Page 1 
EFTA00807348

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807349.pdf
----------------------------------------
Personalised vehicle commission for Mr1 Epstein 
2017 Bentley Mulsanne Extended Wheelbase - $400,900 
Exterior Colour: Anthracite - $5715 
Interior colour: Autumn (primary hide) Dark Bourbon (secondary hide) - $11,312.90 
Colour split: B 
Veneer: Burr walnut 
Naim sound system - $8030 
Contrast stitching - $1980 
Veneered steering wheel - $2605 
Veneered gear selector - $695 
Premier Specification — std 
Comfort Specification — std 
20" wheels — std 
Sub-total - $431,237.90 
Price excludes; gas guzzler tax, destination, soles tax, registration and fee's. 
EFTA00807349

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807350.pdf
----------------------------------------
Peter Elie 
2/20/19 
• 
BOX 307801 
St.Thomas, USVI 
00803 
Labor Cost for #1 Planter at the main house- $22, 000 
Weekly pay for 3 people for 5 weeks- $4,400 
1) Person- $2,000 
2) Person- $1,200 
3) Person- $1,200 
EFTA00807350

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807351.pdf
----------------------------------------
[Last Name] 
Peter Elie 
Box 307801 St. Thomas, USVI 00803 
February 1, 2019 
Cell: 340-201-4791 
Estimate materials or Pebble Beach Contraction 
1.) 20 sheets of 1/4  ply form 
2.) 200 stir-ups 9x9 
3.) 50 2x4 by 12 ft
4.) 1 box double head nails 3 'A 
5.) 1 box grabber crews 3 inches 
6.) 1 box grabber screws 1 'A 
7.) 5 lbs Tap corn screws 3 inches 
EFTA00807351
--- PAGE 2 ---
[Last Name) 2 
Peter Elie 
Labor Cost for Pebble Beach 
Foundation and slab 
$ 7,500 
Columns 
+ $ 6,500 
Total- $14, 000 
Roof ? 
EFTA00807352

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807353.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
Appellate Case No.: 
LT Case No: 502009CA040800XXX3CMB AG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner/Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Respondents/Defendants. 
EMERGENCY PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
On Review of a Non-Final Order of the Circuit Court of the 
Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esq. 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Angela M. Many, Esq. 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
Appellate Counsel for Petitioner 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
EFTA00807353
--- PAGE 2 ---
INTRODUCTION 
In this Emergency Petition for a writ of mandamus, Petitioner Jeffrey 
Epstein, the plaintiff/counter-defendant below, challenges the circuit court's Order 
entered March 
, 2018, by the Honorable Donald Hafele, denying Epstein's 
Motion to Remove Case from Trial Docket in Order to Comply With the Mandate 
Set Forth in Rule 1.440. Epstein requests Emergency treatment because trial is set 
to commence on March 13 2018.1
BASIS FOR INVOKING JURISDICTION 
This Court has original jurisdiction to issue writs of mandamus under Article 
V, section 4(b)(3) of the Florida Constitution, and under Rule 9.030(b)(3) of the 
Florida Rules of Appellate Procedure. Mandamus is "a proper vehicle to enforce 
the time restrictions for the setting of a trial under rule 1.440." Campbell v. Wells 
Fargo Bank, N.A., 204 So. 3d 476, 479 (Fla. 4th DCA 2016) (citing Genuine Parts 
Co. v. Parsons, 917 So. 2d 419, 421 (Fla. 4th DCA 2006) and Gawker Media, LLC 
v. Bollea, 170 So. 3d 125, 130 (Fla. 2d DCA 2015)). 
STATEMENT OF THE CASE AND FACTS 
On December 7, 2009, Epstein filed his initial Complaint in this action 
In compliance with this Court's Administrative Order No. 2014-1, the Petitioner has 
contemporaneously filed a separate Request for Emergency Treatment. 
EFTA00807354
--- PAGE 3 ---
against Scott Rothstein, Bradley Edwards and L.M.2 Epstein alleged the following 
counts against Rothstein: 
a. (1) Violation of § 772,101 — Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal 
Practices Act 
b. (2) Violation of § 895.01 — Florida's RICO Act 
c. (3) Abuse of Process 
d. (4) Fraud 
e. (5) Conspiracy to Commit Fraud 
(App. 1). 
On December 21, 2009, just 17 days after Epstein instituted the civil 
proceeding, Edwards filed a Counterclaim for abuse of process against Epstein. 
(App. 2). 
Thereafter, Edwards amended his Counterclaim several times, 
ultimately alleging a count for malicious prosecution against Epstein. (App. 3). 
On January 21, 2010, a Clerk's Default was entered against Rothstein as to 
all claims in the December 7, 2009 Complaint. (App. 4). Rothstein retained 
counsel, Mark Nurik, who moved to set aside the default, but an order was never 
entered on that motion. Mr. Nurik has not withdrawn from this case and has been 
on the service list since 2010. 
On April 12, 2011, Epstein filed an Amended Complaint against Rothstein. 
The Amended Complaint asserted a single count against Defendant Rothstein for 
Abuse of Process. The remaining counts against Rothstein in the initial Complaint 
L.M. was dismissed from this case on August 9, 2010. (See Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
(App. 12) at p. 8, 11143 & 44). 
EFTA00807355
--- PAGE 4 ---
(Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal Practices Act, Florida's RICO Act, Fraud, 
and Conspiracy to Commit Fraud), were abandoned. (App. 5). 
On August 22, 2011, Epstein filed a Second Amended Complaint (which 
was corrected on August 24, 2011 for a scrivener's error), bringing a claim for 
abuse of process against Edwards, and a claim for conspiracy to commit abuse of 
process against Rothstein. (App. 6 and 7). Rothstein never answered the Second 
Amended Complaint, and a default has not been entered against him on the Second 
Amended Complaint. 
On August 16, 2012, Epstein dismissed his claims without prejudice against 
Edwards. (App. 8). 
On May 24, 2017, following remand from the appellate courts, Edwards 
noticed this entire matter for trial. In his Motion to Set Case for Trial, Edwards 
requested this Court "to set the above-styled cause for trial by jury," and expressly 
stated: "This long delayed matter is now ripe for resolution." (App. 9). The trial 
was initially set for December 2017, and then reset to March 13, 2018. (App. 10 
and 11). 
On December 22, 2017, the parties entered into a Joint Pretrial Stipulation, 
listing the Stipulated Facts and Statement of Issues of Fact for Determination at 
Trial. (App. 12). Pursuant to the stipulation, the first issue to be tried is the "Case 
Against Rothstein". Second, is Edwards' malicious prosecution counterclaim. 
EFTA00807356
--- PAGE 5 ---
(App. 13 at C. I.). 
Apparently, Edwards did not realize that the matter was not yet ripe until 
almost the eve of trial. On March 2, 2018, at 5:12:19 p.m., in a "Supplement" to 
his Motion for Separate Trials filed just the day before, Edwards asserted for the 
first time that Epstein's case against Rothstein may not proceed based on Florida 
Rule of Civil Procedure 1.440. (App. 14). 
Rule 1.440 provides: 
(a) When at Issue. An action is at issue after any motions directed to 
the last pleading served have been disposed of or, if no such motions 
are served, 20 days after service of the last pleading. The party 
entitled to serve motions directed to the last pleading may waive the 
right to do so by filing a notice for trial at any time after the last 
pleading is served. The existence of crossclaims among the parties 
shall not prevent the court from setting the action for trial on the 
issues raised by the complaint, answer, and any answer to a 
counterclaim. 
(b) Notice for Trial. Thereafter any party may file and serve a notice 
that the action is at issue and ready to be set for trial. . . . 
(c) Setting for Trial. If the court finds the action ready to be set for 
trial, it shall enter an order fixing a date for trial. Trial shall be set not 
less than 30 days from the service of the notice for trial. By giving the 
same notice the court may set an action for trial. In actions in which 
the damages are not liquidated, the order setting an action for trial 
shall be served on parties who are in default in accordance with rule 
1.080. 
Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.440. Pursuant to the clear language of the rule, if the action 
involves a main claim or counterclaim which has neither been answered nor 
defaulted, then the entire action (excluding only crossclaims) is not at issue. See 
EFTA00807357
--- PAGE 6 ---
id. 
Upon receiving Edwards' Supplement to his Motion for Separate Trials, 
Epstein's counsel immediately researched the Rule 1.440 issue raised by Edwards. 
Regrettably, Epstein agrees that, despite Edwards' request to set the cause for trial, 
the "action" is not "at issue." Florida law is clear: "strict compliance with rule 
1.440 is mandatory." Bennett v. Conti Chemicals, Inc., 492 So. 2d 724, 727 (Fla. 
1st DCA 1986) (emphasis added). Accord Teelucksingh v. Teelucksingh, 21 So. 3d 
37, 37 (Fla. 2d DCA 2009). See also Melbourne HMA, LLC v. School, 190 So. 3d 
169, 170 (Fla. 5th DCA 2016) ("Strict compliance with rule 1.440 is required and 
failure to adhere to it is reversible error."); Gawker Media, LLC v. Bollea, 170 So. 
3d 125, 131 (Fla. 2d DCA 2015) ("[A] party is absolutely entitled to strict 
conformance with the terms of rule 1.440, including its mandated fifty-day hiatus 
between the service of the last pleading and the trial date."); Genuine Parts Co. v. 
Parsons, 917 So. 2d 419 (Fla. 4th DCA 2006) (granting mandamus to enforce Rule 
1.440(c), which prohibits the setting of a trial less than thirty days after service of a 
notice for trial). 
At the earliest opportunity on the following Monday, March 5, 2018, Epstein 
filed his to motion to remove the case from trial docket in order to comply with 
EFTA00807358
--- PAGE 7 ---
mandate set forth in Rule 1.440. (App. 12).3 The circuit court denied the motion 
in its Order dated March 
, 2018. (App. 14). This mandamus petition follows. 
ARGUMENT 
I. 
A WRIT OF MANDAMUS SHOULD ISSUE TO REQUIRE THE 
CIRCUIT COURT TO REMOVE THE CASE FROM THE TRIAL 
DOCKET IN ORDER TO COMPLY WITH THE MANDATE SET 
FORTH IN RULE 1.440. 
In violation of Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.440, this case was not "at 
issue" when Edwards filed his Motion to Set Case for Trial. Therefore, the circuit 
court's ensuing Order setting a trial date was a nullity. This defect cannot be 
cured. A writ of mandamus is required because strict compliance with Rule 1.440 
is mandatory,4 and the circuit court has refused to remove the case from the trial 
docket. 
The purpose of mandamus is "to enforce the respondent's unqualified 
obligation to perform a clear legal duty." Gawker Media, LLC v. Bollea, 170 So. 
3d 125, 131 (Fla. 2d DCA 2015). The petitioner need demonstrate only that (I) the 
respondent is duty-bound to act under the law, and (2) the respondent has failed or 
refused to do so. Id. (citing Pleus v. Crist, 14 So. 3d 941 (Fla. 2009)). "A third 
Epstein simultaneously filed his Motion for Default Against Defendant Rothstein on 
the Second Amended Complaint. (App. 13). Pursuant to Rule 1.440, the "action" 
will be at issue 20 days after the circuit court grants Epstein's motion for default. 
Thereafter, any party can notice the case for trial and trial shall be set no less than 30 
days from service of the notice for trial. 
See Bennett, 492 So. 2d at 727; Teelucksingh, 21 So. 3d at 37; Gawker Media, LLC, 
170 So. 3d at 131; Genuine Parts Co., 917 So. 2d at 421. 
EFTA00807359
--- PAGE 8 ---
and final element is that the petitioner must have no adequate legal remedy for the 
respondent's failure to carry out its duty." Id. 
These elements are met here. Compare Gawker Media, LLC, 170 So. 3d at 
129-30 (granting mandamus to enforce Rule 1.440 and holding that an appeal after 
final judgment would be insufficient to remedy the rule's provisions requiring a 
fifty-day hiatus between trial and service of the last pleading). 
Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.440 provides that a case may be set 
for trial when it is "at issue." First, however, "lain answer must be 
served by or a default entered against all defending parties before 
the action is at issue." Thus, where a defendant has not yet answered 
the complaint, and the plaintiff has failed to obtain a default, the 
action is not yet at issue. 
Reilly v. U.S. Bank Nat. Ass 'n, 185 So. 3d 620, 621 (Fla. 4th DCA 2016) (emphasis 
added; internal citations omitted). The rule "exempts only cross-claims from the 
determination of when an action is at issue." Bennett, 492 So. 2d at 727 (emphasis 
added). 
Here, while a default was entered against the original Complaint, Epstein 
later amended his complaint twice. As such, the Second Amended Complaint is 
the operative complaint. See State Farm Fire & Cas. Co. v. Higgins, 788 So. 2d 
992, 995 (Fla. 4th DCA 2001) ("An amended complaint supersedes an earlier 
pleading where it does not express an intention to save any portion of the original 
pleading.") (citation and internal quotation marks omitted). Defendant Rothstein 
did not file an answer to the Second Amended Complaint, and a default has not 
EFTA00807360
--- PAGE 9 ---
been entered on the Second Amended Complaint. Therefore, the circuit court's 
Order on Edwards' Motion to Set "Cause" for trial was a nullity, and it would be 
reversible error if this action proceeds to trial on March 13, 2018. 
Appellate Courts are Clear: Strict Compliance with Rule 1.440 is Mandatory and 
the Circuit Court's Failure to Follow the Rule Warrants Mandamus Relief 
This Court, in particular, has spoken on the "mandatory" nature of the 
timing of Rule 1.440, and reversal if not followed. See Genuine Parts Co. v. 
Parsons, 917 So. 2d 419, 421 (Fla. 4th DCA 2006) (issuing a writ of mandamus is 
appropriate when the mandatory timing provisions of Rule 1.440 are not complied 
with). Unlike an order denying a continuance request that does not rise to the level 
required for certiorari, this Court recognizes that compliance with the mandatory 
nature of Rule 1.440 is so fundamental that it warrants mandamus relief. Id. at 
421. 
The Second District also has recognized that strict compliance with Rule 
1.440 is required, and has granted mandamus relief absent such compliance. See 
Gawker Media, LLC v. Bollea, 170 So. 3d 125 (Fla. 2d DCA 2015). In Gawker, 
following an extensive analysis of mandamus relief and concluding it appropriate 
when the objection to a premature 1.440 notice is made before trial, the Second 
District ordered that the circuit court: 
"...shall straightaway rescind its June 19. 2015. order setting this 
action for trial and remove the action from the July 6, 2015, trial 
EFTA00807361
--- PAGE 10 ---
docket. This direction is effective immediately, and it shall remain 
in force notwithstanding the filing of a motion for rehearing, if any." 
Id. at 133 (emphasis added). 
Gawker, like this case, involved an action that was not at issue. Bollea 
dismissed one defendant, Blogwire, but amended to seek punitive damages against 
the remaining defendant. Determined to maintain the trial date, Bollea also filed a 
"notice that action is still at issue" and asked the court to reset the case for trial. Id. 
at 127. The next day, the circuit court entered an order stating that no further 
pleading in response to the punitive damages amendment was required and Gawker 
was deemed to have denied it. Id. Meanwhile, Gawker filed an objection, noting 
that, under Rule 1.440, the case was not at issue until twenty days had elapsed after 
the pleadings closed. Id. The circuit court was unpersuaded and errantly believed 
it could disregard Gawker's objection as "innocuous technicalities." Id. Three 
days later Gawker appealed to the Second District. 
Finding no waiver and reiterating the longstanding tenet in Florida that Rule 
1.440 must be strictly adhered to, the Second District granted the writ of 
mandamus — meant to enforce the circuit court's unqualified obligation to 
perform a clear legal duty. Id. at 131. 
The Waiver Cases are ALL from FINAL APPEALS and Inapplicable to This 
Mandamus Proceeding. 
EFTA00807362
--- PAGE 11 ---
In Gawker, the Second District recognized that a party may waive its 
objection to an order setting trial, "notwithstanding the compulsory nature of rule 
1.440." 170 So. 3d at 130. "For example, in Parrish v. Dougherty, 505 So. 2d 646 
(Fla. 1st DCA 1987), the appellant's attorney appeared at the trial and participated 
without objecting to the manner in which it had been set," and "[i]n Correa v. U.S. 
Bank National
 118 So. 3d 952 (Fla. 2d DCA 2013), the appellant agreed to a 
rescheduled trial date, participated in the trial, and made no objection to any 
deviation from rule 1.440." Id. (emphasis added). 
"In both instances, the 
appellants were deemed to have waived their assertions of error based on the rule." 
Id. 
But the Gawker Court distinguished the waiver cases in two ways. First, in 
the waiver cases, the appellants had not objected until after the trials, in which they 
appeared without objection, whereas the Gawker defendants insisted on 
compliance with Rule 1.440 in advance of trial, and consistently objected to the 
trial date. 
Id. 
Second, the waiver cases "were plenary appeals from final 
judgments," "whereas this is a mandamus proceeding." Id. (emphasis added). The 
appellate court then explained: 
The two types of proceedings serve very different purposes, 
entailing very different requirements. In an appeal from a final 
judgment the lower court's rulings are reviewed for reversible legal 
error. Generally speaking, a judgment may be reversed only for an 
error that has been preserved by timely objection in the lower court 
and that has prejudiced the complaining party in a way that likely 
EFTA00807363
--- PAGE 12 ---
affected the result. Thus, the appellant's failure to make a timely 
objection waives the issue on appeal, as happened in Parrish and 
Correa. [internal citations omitted.] 
Mandamus is a different animal altogether. Its purpose is not to 
review a lower court ruling for prejudicial error; rather, it is meant to 
enforce the respondent's unqualified obligation to perform a clear 
legal duty. State ex rel. Buckwalter v. City of Lakeland, 112 Fla. 200, 
150 So. 508 (1933). If the petitioner is entitled to demand 
performance of the duty, he or she need not preserve the issue 
beyond making the demand. Further, it is unnecessary for the 
petitioner to suffer prejudice as a result of the respondent's 
dereliction. All that must be shown is that (1) the respondent is duty-
bound to act under the law, and (2) the respondent has failed or 
refused to do so. Pleus v. Crist, 14 So. 3d 941 (Fla. 2009). A third 
and final element is that the petitioner must have no adequate legal 
remedy for the respondent's failure to carry out its duty. Id. . . . 
By this point in our discussion it is obvious that the first two 
elements have been satisfied here. The third element is present, as 
well. It is true that the Gawker defendants have available to them the 
legal remedy of pursuing an appeal from any future final judgment, in 
which they could complain of the errant order scheduling the trial. 
But owing to the mentioned differences between a mandamus 
proceeding and an appeal, the appellate remedy is not an adequate 
one. As we have established, a party is absolutely entitled to strict 
conformance with the terms of rule 1.440, including its mandated 
fifty-day hiatus between the service of the last pleading and the trial 
date. Whereas a writ of mandamus can preserve and effectuate 
this right in full, an appeal following entry of final judgment is 
inherently incapable of doing so because the appellant already 
will have been forced to trial in violation of the rule. 
Id. at 130-31 (bold and underline emphasis added). 
The waiver cases distinguished by Gawker are similarly distinguishable 
from the proceeding at bar. Like the Gawker defendants, Epstein has adamantly 
voiced his objection before trial in a mandamus petition when the circuit court 
EFTA00807364
--- PAGE 13 ---
denied his request to remove the case from the trial docket. As Gawker makes 
clear, an appeal from any future final judgment would not be an adequate remedy. 
See id. Thus, while Edwards was first to raise the issue, Epstein was left with no 
option but to seek relief and strict compliance with Rule 1.440. 
A waiver also may occur where—unlike in this case—an amended pleading 
is filed subsequent to an otherwise compliant eider setting trial under Rule 1.440. 
See Labor Ready Se. Inc. v. Australian Warehouses Condo. a, 
962 So. 2d 1053 
(Fla. 4th DCA 2007). Labor Ready was another final appeal, not a mandamus 
proceeding. The appellant in that case argued that the amended pleading removed 
the case from its "at issue" status under Rule 1.440, and required reversal of the 
final order. This Court disagreed, holding: 
This is not a case where the case had never been at issue. This is not a 
case where the parties did not have sufficient time to prepare. This is 
not a case where anyone was prejudiced by the technical amendment 
to the complaint. In situations where the parties have received actual, 
timely notice of the trial, they are precluded from arguing prejudice 
based upon a technical violation. 
Labor Ready Se., 962 So. 2d at 1055 (emphasis added). In so holding, this Court 
recognized the well-established case law "emphasizing the mandatory nature of 
rule 1.440. . . e.g., Genuine Parts Co. [and] Bennett," and explicitly clarified: 
We do not quarrel with those cases or their holdings. However, we 
point out that none of them involved cases that had been pending and 
at issue for years before a last minute technical amendment to a 
complaint. And even in those cases where the case is first at issue, 
EFTA00807365
--- PAGE 14 ---
any error "may be waived if the aggrieved party appears at trial and 
raises no objection to the noncompliance." [e.a.] 
Id. at 1055 (quoting Parrish, 505 So. 2d at 648). 
The case at bar is distinguishable from Labor Ready, too. In addition to 
arriving at this Court as a mandamus proceeding versus a final appeal, this case did 
not involve a last minute technical amendment to a complaint in a case that was 
already (and properly) "at issue." Rather, this case was mgt. at issue when noticed 
and set for trial. Furthermore, the operative Second Amended Complaint, which 
had neither been answered nor defaulted, did not contain a mere technical 
amendment, but asserted a "brand-new" count—as Edwards aptly pointed out in 
first bringing this issue to light. (See App. 14 at ¶ 6). 
Bifurcation or Severance is Not a Viable Remedy to Cure the Defective Trial 
Request and Order Setting TriaL 
Not only can we not go back in time to cure the defective notice for trial and 
resulting order setting trial, but we cannot go into the future to retroactively cure 
those defects either. Severing the claim from the counterclaim is not a solution. 
On May 24, 2017, when Edwards noticed this entire matter for trial 
following remand from the appellate courts, he requested this Court "to set the 
above-styled cause for trial by jury," and expressly stated: "This long delayed 
matter is now ripe for resolution." (App. 9). "This matter," this "above-styled 
cause," since its inception over eight years ago, has always proceeded as one 
EFTA00807366
--- PAGE 15 ---
lawsuit. Therefore, severing Edwards' counterclaim from Epstein's originating 
claim does not make the action "at issue." Indeed, absent strict compliance with 
Rule 1.440, even Edwards' counterclaim cannot yet proceed.' 
In short, Epstein has established a clear legal right to performance of the act 
requested, an indisputable legal duty and no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, 
Epstein is entitled to mandamus relief, and respectfully requests this Court to grant 
the writ, strike the Order setting trial for March 13, 2018, and direct the circuit 
court to remove the case from the trial calendar. 
Epstein has already filed a motion for default against Rothstein with the 
circuit court. Pursuant to Rule 1.440, either party must calculate out 20 days from 
the date a default is entered, for when the notice setting trial can be signed, and 
then the circuit must wait a minimum of 30 days for setting a trial date. If each of 
Bifurcation is improper in any event. "Although the matter of separation of the 
issues to be tried rests in the trial court's discretion, a single trial generally tends to 
lessen the delay, expense and inconvenience to all concerned, and the courts have 
emphasized that separate trial should not be ordered unless such disposition is 
clearly necessary, and then only in the furtherance of justice." Maris Distrib. Co. 
v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc., 710 So. 2d 1022, 1024 (Fla. 1st DCA 1998) (emphasis 
added; citation and internal quotation marks omitted). For example, "It is improper to 
sever a counterclaim . . . from the plaintiff's claim, when [as in this case] the facts 
underlying the claims of the respective parties are inextricably interwoven." Id. 
Bifurcation is improper here, because the issues presented by the claim and 
counterclaim are so inextricably intertwined that it would cause the lower court to try 
the case twice with the same underlying issues, witnesses, exhibits, and testimony. 
EFTA00807367
--- PAGE 16 ---
these tasks occurs posthaste, this action could conceivably proceed to trial by the 
end of April 2018. 
CONCLUSION 
In light of the well-established case law interpreting Rule 1.440's mandatory 
nature and strict compliance requirement, this action was not at issue when 
Edwards filed his Motion to Set Case for Trial, which prematurely prompted the 
circuit court to set a trial date of March 13, 2018 (reset from December 2017). 
This is because the superseding Second Amended Complaint was not answered by 
Defendant Rothstein and no default was entered against him as to that operative 
complaint. A writ of mandamus should issue to require the circuit court to remove 
the case from the trial docket in order to comply with the strict mandate set forth in 
Rule 1.440. 
EFTA00807368
--- PAGE 17 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of this Petition was 
furnished via email and U.S. MAIL this  XXXX  day of March, 2017: 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
P.A. 
350 
Co-Counsel for Defindant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaint 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
Suite 700 
Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
VIA EMAIL 
and Jane Doe 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University Str. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Co-Counsel for IM , E.W. 
VIA U.S. MAIL 
VIA EMAIL 
and Jane Doe 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Co-Counsel for L.M., E.W. 
EFTA00807369
--- PAGE 18 ---
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Rachel J. Glasser (FBN 577251 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial & Appellate Counsel for 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey 
Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF TYPE SIZE & STYLE 
I certify that the type, size, and style utilized in this Petition is 14 point 
Times New Roman. 
/s/ Kara Berard Rockenbach 
ICARA BERARD ROCKENBACH, ESQ. 
EFTA00807370

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807371.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bell Helicopter Miami, Inc. 
2011 South Perimeter Road. Suite L 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309 
Phone: (954)-491-5071. Fax: (954)-771-4692. Email: 
Hyperion Air 
Mr. Larry Visoski 
Item 
Description 
11111 
S
alts 
—a 
Helicopter 
A Textron Company 
Tuesday, April 03, 2018 
Make / Model: 
BELL / 430 
Serial Number: 
49078 
Registration: 
N331JE 
Total Time: 
Parts 
Labor 
Cod estimate to remove and replace pilot ode heated windstield with new. 
$32.818.00 
$10.764.00 
Eslimated Consumables/ Hazardous Wade 
$980.00 
$0.00 
Edimaled Freitel Charge 
$450.00 
$0.00 
SUB-TOTAL 
ESTIMATE TOTAL 
$34.248.00 
$10,764.00 
$45,012.00 
Note: This is a cost estimate for the above statement of work aid should be used for budgetary purpossonly. All work will be invoiced on a time and materias basis This estimate is 
aibject to records verification and aircraft condition a time of service. This estimate does not include any hidden droves and or discispancies found. Any additional work will be 
quoted on a time and materials basis This estimate is valid for 30 days and abject to price increa93. 
EFTA00807371

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807372.pdf
----------------------------------------
fine art
PACKING UST IFL17188.xlsx 
IFL17188 
Stockage :Saint-Denis 
12/20/17 
oats 
Won 
QM Long on, larg. Cm Maus cm 
he 
PoIds Kg* 
Content. 
PI101011 
SUM 
Otant 
R41 
Fotunliintiol 
Pm of tvery 
NW 
Nab!. 
woven, Roan negtton 
413 
Oe 
CIMM 
SUM 
(BOG) 
007441601.44 
SoMin 
*ritur 
Cl 
Sad, 
120 
0444 
Gaines 
P
il
8C32 
BE 11-10 
ILLAUREJIT LUMERES 
'C1/49.17 
Cl 
Satosa1 
I 
a 121 
Collie 
IP 
BC13 
8511-10 
Me
ANIENIDAVAIIE 
13/91I2 
Cl 
Sodom) 
069 
Platein %weds ce ne 
BC13 
8514-10 
10/10/11 
1:3 
arse 
• 
183 
103 
100 
1.885 
sic grand faufeJI GUMI 
BC54 
8620240 
11, : LM: 
10/26/17 
Cl
S: sx 
130 
6325 
Lampe cce8A 
I. 
BC30 
8618-10 
i1/3/17 
C2 
Sogm:A 
0313 
Cneu(feities 
LA 
IM' 
PHELIPPEAU le 
09,11
lot 87 
B504-11 
• 
CHRISTIE'S 
iimil 
C4 
300)9CA 
I 
Cason 
plateaux en lase • 6gateaux en 
Gm 
',_— 
argent 
, 
_ 
, 
• - , .
- 1 
lots 152 • 195 
BE04-11 
CHRISTIE'S 
/1/17 
C4 
600)901 
0.036 
Eoste de ferns 
lot 269 
B504-11 
• 
CHRISTIE'S 
EFTA00807372
--- PAGE 2 ---
1)i
nne art
PACKING UST IFL17188.xlsx 
IFL17188 
Stockage : Saint-Denis 
2/20/17 
One 
# 
Nature 
CIt• Long cm Ism. cm Mout an 
m)
P.:404 Kg* 
Contenu 
nolo* 
SWAM 
04444 
RH 
Fannin...sr a 
an,  0 only 
Nber 
Mila 
WPC" WM Cm list i i t an 
1,3 
Ov 
Colin 
Sum 
(BDC) 
Sons_ 
SoMen 
in i ? 
Cl
Soloed 
120 
0.127 
Colonnes en riem 
inji
b!5 
8518-12 
12/8117 
Cl
Som-a 
0.213 
eustes en braue cesar 
I
4
kg 5 
8518-12 
12/8/17 
C4 
Soloed 
u 
0890 
Socles en Bronze 
1- t 
lots 
8518-12 
Cl 
Fauteuis Maprelie 
" it 
I Ii
i
EIC56 
a 
I 
Nappe • 10 semettes 
lot 780 
EFTA00807373
--- PAGE 3 ---
fins art 
PACKING UST IFL17188.xlsx 
IFL17188 
Stockage : Saint-Denis 
12/20/17 
DNB— 
# 
Won 
Ga Long cm mtg. Cm Hoyt cm 
m) 
Rola Kis 
COMOnu 
Photo* 
!Raba 
Ordot 
Rif 
FouniThuni 
am 0, oMY 
NOW 
NM. 
&moon 
MOO <m MVO Cm 
M7 
Ow 
Cal 
SUM 
(SRC) 
Bo.n =II 
SoNo as 
0000 
0000 
0.000 
0000 
0.000 
0000 
000 
000 
EFTA00807374
--- PAGE 4 ---
3IP 
M. sty 
PACKING UST IFL171813.xlsx 
IFL17188 
Stockage : Saint-Denis 
12/20/17 
Dale 
# 
Natant 
WI Long an tam Cm Haul an 
M 
PO* Kg* 
COMenu 
PhiX01 
Slaty( 
Order 
RN 
F ouinlasaur a 
Crneofw,ly 
NS., 
ASIA 
WPM, Wdll cm (ISSN tta 
In 
Ow 
Cmlatl 
SWISS 
(SDC) 
Semi 
Sot 0 • as 
0.000 
0000 
000 
0.000 
0.000 
0000 
0.000 
0000 
0.000 
EFTA00807375
--- PAGE 5 ---
tlip M. aft 
PACKING UST IFL17188.xlsx 
IFL17188 
Stockage : Saint-Denis 
12/20/17 
Date 
it 
Nature 
CI* Lang au big. cm Haul an 
M' 
Pad* Ku* 
Catboat. 
Photal 
Maul 
Draw 
Rif 
Foumleauf I 
Cat away 
Hatif 
AMA 
taav au 
wan ot,
'Awl' on 
M7 
On 
Caltall 
SWISS 
(BDC) 
sena 
Sagas 
0000 
0000 
000 
0000 
0000 
0000 
000 
000 
000 
S1
EFTA00807376
--- PAGE 6 ---
tine art 
PACKING UST IFL17188.xlsx 
IFL17188 
Stockage :Saint-Denis 
12/20/17 
MK 
# 
Nature 
Olt LOna Cm Ws cm Haul an 
m+ 
Pole KSa 
CoMenu 
PI olGa 
Statut 
Orden 
Rif 
Fountiaaucti 
Dm. oftvoy 
My 
Natm) 
Wpm, Wean HOMtirso 
M3 
Ox 
Cmlwl 
SUM 
03DC) 
San_ 
SonAws 
0000 
0000 
0000 
0000 
0000 
0.000 
0000 
307.4e.ama 
370 
000 
lona 
EFTA00807377

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807378.pdf
----------------------------------------
Malaysia Project — Pavilion Group 
February 2019 
Private & Confidential 
EFTA00807378
--- PAGE 2 ---
Notice and Disclaimer 
• This memorandum contains confidential information, and is only being made available on the basis that it will be held in 
complete confidence. By accepting this memorandum, the recipient agrees that it will: 
• not (except to its employees and advisers strictly on a need to basis) disclose any such confidential information to any other 
person; and 
• promptly return this memorandum, and any other written confidential information, together with all copies thereof, to us upon 
our request. 
• This memorandum may contain forward looking statements that relate to prospective investment opportunities and strategies. 
These have been compiled from sources believed to be reliable. Any estimates, projections, targets or forecasts contained herein 
involve elements of subjective judgment and analysis which cannot however be warranted, and may be subject to change 
following a formal due diligence exercise. 
• The recipient, in further pursuing the matters described herein, is advised to make their own independent investigations and 
verification of such information and any other related information that may be considered relevant or appropriate. 
EFTA00807379
--- PAGE 3 ---
Investment Opportunities 
A unique opportunity to invest in the real estate sector in Malaysia 
PAVILION 
The Markets 
Financing 
Requirement 
Pavilion Group is pleased to present to you an opportunity to invest in the promising real estate sector of Malaysia. 
Pavilion Group ("Pavilion") is a renowned Malaysian property developer in Malaysia and a portfolio encompassing successful 
large scale mixed-use real estate developments. 
• Malaysia boast of strong long-term economic fundamentals that pave the way for future positive real estate growth in key 
areas where the fund will have an exposure 
• Pavilion Group targets to raise USD 250M and provide an above-market Target IRR of [11%] to the investors over a period 
of 4 to 5 years. 
EFTA00807380
--- PAGE 4 ---
PAVILION GROUP 
Pavilion Group is a Malaysia-based property developer that focuses 
developing premium, large-scale retail and integrated mixed use developments 
in prime city center locations in Malaysia and China. 
INVESTMENT 
PAVILION 
RLIT 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
PAVILION 
GROUP 
PROJECT 
LEASING 
MARKETING 
PLANNING 
DESIGN 
DEVELOPMENT 
MANAGEMENT 
EFTA00807381
--- PAGE 5 ---
PAVILION GROUP STRUCTURE 
Pavilion(51%)/QIA 
Pavi 
Big Cl 
I 
T
• Pavilion Banyan 
Hotel & Reside 
• Pavilion Ho 
• Pavilion S 
• Fahrenhei 
Tan Sri Desmond Lim 7 
Pavilion Development Portfolio 1
Joint Ventures 
(RM1.4 b) 
M455m) 
(RM1.6 b) 
(RM550m) 
Pavilion(51%)/CPPIB 
Pavilion 
DamansamAtights
• Pavilion DH Mall 
• 10 Office towers 
• 5 Residence Towers 
• 1 Hotel 
Pavilion (10%) with 
QIA/CPPIB 
Pavilion Dalian 
I 
Pavilion Dalian Mall 1
Public Listed Companies 
I 
Other, 
• Pavilion Hill 
• Pavilion Square I, • 
• Pavilion Ceylon 
• Pavilion Genting' 
(RM1.1 b) 
11.3 b) 
(RM1.0 b) 
RI116.6 b) 
I 
• Crabtree & Evelyn 
(30%) 
[
Mallon Group (38%) 
Mkt cap RM 260m 
• Pavilion Bukit Jail 
• Duta Park 
• River Park 
• SK One Residences 
• Pavilion TTDI 
Pavilion REIT (37%) 
Mkt Cap RM4.8 h 
• Pavilion Kuala Lumpur 
• Pavilion Tower 
• Da men Mall 
• Intermark Mall 
• Elite Pavilion Mall 
WCT Berhad (19%) 
Mkt Cap RM1.1 h 
4th largest construction 
company in Malaysia 
EFTA00807382
--- PAGE 6 ---
TRACK RECORD 
O The Pavilion Group is led by Tan Sri Desmond Lim. Tan Sri Desmond Lim has a distinguished track record as a successful entrepreneur. Tan Sri 
Desmond Lim was educated in both England and the United States of America, brings over 25 years' experience as a corporate leader and real 
estate developer. 
O Tan Sri Desmond Lim is the founder of Malton Group, a Main Board public listed company on the Bursa Malaysia. He leads and manages all 
Malton Group's activities in the urban development sector with major master planned communities and residential projects. 
O Tan Sri Desmond Lim also founded the Pavilion Group— a developer of mega integrated urban retail, commercial and residential development. 
O The flagship development is the USD1.5 billion Pavilion Kuala Lumpur, a major integrated urban retail, commercial and residential development in 
the heart of Golden Triangle of Kuala Lumpur which was completed in September 2007. 
O Pavilion Kuala Lumpur was floated as a REIT in Malaysia in November 2011. Pavilion REIT IPO was launched at RM0.88 per unit and is now trading 
at RM1.77 per unit — a 100% increase in capital value. 
rasa. 
r
'
 et,' 
— • 
r Fr 
. 
Pavilion Kuala Lumpur 
(Retail & Residences) 
Completion: 2007 
Fahrentheit 88 
(Retail & Office) 
Completion: 2010 
Pavilion Banyan 
Tree Signatures 
(Hotel & 
Residences) 
Completion: 2016 
Pavilion Hilltop 
(Residences) 
Completion: 2018 
Pavilion Hotel 
(Hotel) 
Completion: 2018 
Pavilion Suites 
(Retail & 
Residences) 
Completion: 2018 
Pavilion Dalian 
(China) 
(Retail) 
Completion: 2015 
EFTA00807383
--- PAGE 7 ---
PAVILION 
Financial Summary 
Equity: USD176.0 mil [51%] 
Total GDV: USD2,172.3 mil 
Total Returns: USD440.6 mil 
Project IRR: 13% 
Property positioning 
Upper Middle Market 
Mixed Development comprising:-
1) 
blocks of Residential Tower 
(NLA: 2.9 million sq ft) 
2) 
blocks of Office Tower (NLA: 
1.2 million sq ft) 
3) 
Retail Mall (NLA of 1.1 million sq 
ft) 
DAMANSARA HEIGHTS 
KUALA LUMPUR 
Status 
Phase 1 - Construction on-going. Targeted 
completion by September 2021. 
Phase 2 — Construction just started. Targeted 
completion by March 2023. 
Project Description 
Name: Pavilion Damansara Heights 
GFA: 6.8 mil sf 
NFA: 4.9 mil sf 
Land size: 15.93 acres 
Plot Ratio: 10.0x 
Geographic Location 
Damansara Heights, Kuala Lumpur 
Strategically located within one of the 
most prime commercial locations and 
affluent neighborhoods which include 
Bangsar, Damansara Heights, Sri 
Hartamas, Mont Kiara, Kenny Hills and 
Taman Duta. 
USD 1 = RM4.063 as at 1412019 
EFTA00807384
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00807385
--- PAGE 9 ---
Financial Summary 
Equity: USD53.1 mil [26%] 
Total GDV: USD771.8 mil 
Total Returns: USD370.9 mil 
Project IRR: 17% 
Property positioning 
Upper Middle Market 
A 1.8 million sq ft super regional 
shopping mall. 
Targeted opening by June 2021. 
PAVILION
Status 
Construction on-going. Targeted 
completion by December 2020. 
Project Description 
Name: Pavilion Bukit Jalil 
GFA: 3.3 mil sf 
NFA: 1.8 mil sf 
Land size: 28.2 acres 
Geographic Location 
Bukit lalil, Kuala Lumpur 
A suburb of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 
Bukit Jalil Recreational Park and Bukit 
Jalil National Sport Complex are located 
to the east of the site. 
USD 1 = RM4.063 as at 14.2.2019 
EFTA00807386
--- PAGE 10 ---
Commercial Development 
& 680 residential units 
The Park 
• 1,098 units (residential) 
• 44 retail shop units 
Signature Shops 
• 112 units (completed in June 2017) 
The Park 2 
• 709 units (residential) 
Pavilion Bukit Jalil Mall 
• 1.8m sqft retail NLA 
National Reserved Park 
Not to be developed 
EFTA00807387
--- PAGE 11 ---
Financial Summary 
Equity: USD181.0 mil [100%] 
Total GDV: USD1,356.6 mil 
Total Returns: USD346.0 mil 
Project IRR: 16.6% 
Property positioning 
Upper Middle Market 
Mixed Development comprising:-
1) 
Tower A (72-Level Serviced 
Apartment) 
2) 
Tower B (45-Level Serviced 
Apartments) 
3) 
levels of Retail Mall with NLA 
of 161,000 sq ft 
PAVILION 2 
I Status 
Negotiation for land acquisition is on-going. 
Project Description 
Name: Pavilion 2 
GFA: 2.9 mil sf 
NFA: 2.0 mil sf 
Land size: 3.56 acres 
Plot Ratio: 18.5x 
Geographic Location 
Jalan Raja Chulan, Kuala Lumpur 
Strategically located within the prime 
financial and commercial precinct of 
Kuala Lumpur known as the "Golden 
Triangle". 
USD 1 = RM4.063 as at 14.12019 
EFTA00807388
--- PAGE 12 ---
BIG CITY by Pavilion Development 
STA_Y_CONNECTED WITHIN A COMPIEITIN INTEGRATED CLUSTER OF LANDMARK DEVELOPMENTS RIGHT IN THE HEART OF KUALA 
- 
_ 
Its 
PAVILION 
PAVILION 
BANYAN TREE 
A' 
e.#
:::::: ••• 
PAVILION 
SQUARE 
PAVILION HOTEL 
EFTA00807389
--- PAGE 13 ---
AFFILIATES 
Maybank 
PAVILION 
DAMANSARA HEIGHTS 
KUALA LUMPUR 
D
a
r
l
a
j
a
M
i
l
l
OCBC Bank ig CIMB BANK 
1111- U0B SW " 
UOB 
A " 
Phase 1 - Syndicated Financing 
Facilities of RM1,099.9 million 
PAVILION 
BUKIT 
JAL I L 
gMaybank eOCBC Bank 
gCIMB BANK ij#U0B 'of 
Phase 2 - Syndicated Financing 
Syndicated Financing Facilities 
Facilities of RM750.0 million 
of RM1,117.5 million 
Contractors/Consultants 
T 
dopiciin 
ECONPILE HOLDINGS BERHAD 
KONZEPTE 
,c1ARCADIS 
DR Y G TAN JURUTERA PERUNDING SDN BHD 
4p
GIEEN MOON BIGIEBING SIN In DLC ENGINEERS SON BHD 
cr-'-----
JUBC 
SUN MID 
SSP (E&M) SDN BHD 
KL PAVILION 
DESIGN 
STUDIO 
• 
YONG DAN NIOHAMAD FAIZ SDN BHD 
S7CFA 
Li-Zainal 
Consulting Engineers 
EFTA00807390
--- PAGE 14 ---
FINANCIAL SUMMARY 
Project 
Pavilion Damansara 
Heights 
Pavilion Bukit Jalil 
Pavilion 2 
Total GDV (in USD'm) 
2,172.3 
771.8 
1,356.6 
Total Projects Returns (in USD'm) 
440.6 
370.9 
346.0 
Total Projects Returns (in USD'm) 
- Based on Sponsor's equity stake 
224.7 [51%] 
96.4 [26%] 
346.0 [100%] 
Total Equity Required (in USD'm) 
176.0 
53.1 
181.0 
Loan Tenure 
years 
years 
years 
Loan Size (in USD'm) 
100.0 
50.0 
100.0 
IRR 
11% 
11% 
11% 
Total Returns to Investor (in USD'm) 
152.0 
76.0 
168.0 
EFTA00807391
--- PAGE 15 ---
Thank You 
EFTA00807392

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807393.pdf
----------------------------------------
Generated by PitchBook for Richard Kahn, HBRK 
tpitchBook Associates 
Last Updated: 08•Jan•2019 
AutoFi I Private Company Profile 
General Information 
pblD: 152767-81 
Description 
Developer of a online auto financing platform designed to help prospective car buyers purchase and finance vehicles 
from a dealership's website. The company's online auto financing platform connects car buyers to authorized 
dealerships and lenders to automate the car buying process through the mobile application, including vehicle selection 
and financing process, enabling auto buyers to finance and purchase vehicles online in minutes. 
Most Recent Financing Status (as of 07-Dec-2018) 
The company raised $11.5 million Series A of venture funding from Crosslink Capital, Hard Yaka Lerer Hippeau 
Ventures, Ford Motor Credit, Santander InnoVentures and other undisclosed investors on February 14, 2018. The funds 
will be used to grow beyond Ford Credit and expand into international markets. 
Entity Type 
Private Company 
Year Founded 
2014 
Website 
www.autofi.com 
Universe 
Venture Capital 
Legal Name 
AutoFi, Inc. 
Primary Industry 
Financial Software 
Business Status 
Generating Revenue 
Other Industries 
Vertical Market Software 
Ownership Status 
Privately Held (backing) 
Verticals 
FinTech, Mobile, SaaS, TMT 
Financing Status 
Venture Capital-Backed 
Employees 
Contact Information 
Primary Contact 
Kevin Singerrnan 
Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer & Board Member 
Phone: 
Primary Office 
444 De Haro Street 
Suite 220 
San Francisco, CA 94107 
United States 
Phone: 
Top 5 Similar Companies 
# Name 
Competitor Financing 
Status 
HQ 
Location 
Growth 
Rate 
Size 
Multiple 
Last Financing 
Date/Type 
Last Financing 
Amount 
Octane 
Venture 
New York, 
0.12% 
2.64x 
2018/Series B 
$13.45M 
Lending 
Capital- 
Backed 
NY 
LendTech 
Venture 
San 
-0.06% 
0.53x 
2017/Accelerator/Inc 
50.02M 
Capital- 
Backed 
Francisco, 
CA 
Nimble 
Private 
Southport, 
-0.06% 
0.64x 
2016/Unsecured 
$20.00M 
Australia 
Equity- 
Backed 
Australia 
Debt 
EFTA00807393
--- PAGE 2 ---
Payfare 
Corporation 
0.00% 
0.35x 
B+m 
Private 
Melsdorf, 
-0.10% 
1.91x 
2015/Buyout/LBO 
Informatik 
Equity-
Backed 
Germany 
Comparisons 
Description 
AutoFi 
Developer of a online 
auto financing platform 
designed to help 
prospective car buyers 
purchase and finance 
vehicles from a 
dealership's website. 
Primary Industry 
Financial Software 
HQ Location 
Employees 
Total Raised 
Post Valuation 
Last Financing 
Details 
San Francisco, CA 
I 2017 
531.00M 
Octane Lending 
' 
LendTech 
Developer of a point of 
sales financing 
platform created to 
simplify power-sports 
financing process. 
Financial Software 
New York, NY 
I 2016 
569.14M 
566.50M I 14-Feb-2018 
5128.45M I 29-May-
2018 
511.50M 12018/Early 
Stage VC (Series A) 
513.45M 12018/Early 
Stage VC (Series B) 
Provider of a loan point of 
sale platform designed for 
banks, credit unions and 
private lenders. 
til, Nimble 
Australia 
Developer of mobile 
application for online 
lending services. 
Vertical Market Software 
Vertical Market 
Software 
Southport, Australia 
I 2015 
$41.50M 
San Francisco, CA 
I 2018 
$0.02M 
$0.33M I 01-Jun-2017 
$0.02M I 
$20.00M 
2017/Accelerator/Incubator 
2016/Unsecured Debt 
Current Executives (5) 
Name 
Title 
Board 
Seats 
Office 
Phone 
Email 
Kevin Singerrylan 
Co-Founder, Chief 
Executive Officer & 
San Francisco, 
CA 
+1 (888) 447-9360 
Board Member 
Mandar Gokhale 
Co-Founder & Chief 
Technology Officer 
San Francisco, 
CA 
+1 (888) 447-9360 
Chris Trailer 
Chief Architect & 
Chief Information 
San Francisco, 
CA 
+1 (888) 447-9360 
Security Officer 
Jonathan Schenk 
Chief Revenue 
Officer 
San Francisco, 
CA 
+1 (888) 447-9360 
Steve Vines 
Director, Sales 
San Francisco, 
CA 
+1 (888) 447-9360 
steve@autofi.io 
EFTA00807394
--- PAGE 3 ---
Current Board Members (2) 
Name 
Title 
Representing 
Role 
Since Phone Email 
David 
Partner 
Crosslink Capital 
Board 
Oct 
Silverman 
Member 
2015 
JD 
Kevin 
Co-Founder, Chief 
AutoFi 
Co- 
Jul 
Singerman 
Executive Officer 
& Board Member 
Founder, 
Chief 
2015 
Executive 
Officer & 
Board 
Member 
Deal History (4) 
# Deal Type 
Date 
Amount 
Raised to 
Pre-Val 
Post-Val 
Status 
Stage 
Date 
4. 
Early Stage VC 
14-Feb-
$11.50M 
531.00M 
555.00M 
566.50M 
Completed 
Generating 
3. 
(Series A) 
Corporate 
2018 
23-Jan-2017 
519.50M 
Completed 
Revenue 
Generating 
Revenue 
2. 
Seed Round 
23-May-
$17.00M 
$19.50M 
518.64M 
$21.46M 
Completed 
Startup 
2016 
1. 
Seed Round 
15-Oct-
$2.50M 
$2.50M 
58.76M 
$11.26M 
Completed 
Startup 
2015 
t Indicates an Add-On 
E Estimated 
CAP TABLE HISTORY (as of 14-Feb-2018) 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Authorized 
Par 
Value 
Original 
Issue Price 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Pref. Multiple 
Conversion 
Price 
Owned 
Series 
3,464,509 
50.000100 
53.42 
$3.42 
lx 
$3.42 
15.38% 
A 
Seed-
2,427,838 
50.000100 
51.48 
$1.48 
lx 
$1.48 
12.78% 
Seed 
2,835,000 
50.000100 
50.90 
$0.90 
lx 
$0.90 
14.92% 
Series Terms for: A, Seed, Seed-1 (as of 14-Feb-2018) 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Dividend Rights 
Non-participating 
Yes 
Cumulative/Non-
cumulative 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Redemption Rights 
Board Voting Rights 
General Voting Rights 
Non-Cumulative 
Weighted 
Average 
No 
Yes 
Yes 
EFTA00807395
--- PAGE 4 ---
Deal #4: Early Stage VC (Series A), $11.5M, Completed; 14-Feb-2018 
VC Round 
Deal Types 
Deal Amount 
Deal Status 
Deal Date 
Announced 
Date 
Round 
Early Stage VC, 
Series A 
$11.50M 
Completed 
14-Feb-2018 
22-Jun-2017 
Financing 
Status 
Financing 
Source 
Raised to Date 
Total Invested 
Equity 
Investor 
Ownership 
Stock Split 
Venture Capital-
Backed 
Venture Capital 
$31.00M " 
$11.50M 
43.09% 
: 1 
Total 
Invested 
Capital 
Pre-money 
Valuation 
Post 
Valuation 
CEO/Lead 
Mgt 
Site 
Business 
Status 
$11.50M 
$55.00M 
$66.50M 
Kevin 
Singerman 
San 
Francisco, CA 
Generating 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised $11.5 million Series A of venture funding from Crosslink Capital, Hard Yaka Lerer Hippeau 
Ventures, Ford Motor Credit, Santander InnoVentures and other undisclosed investors on February 14, 2018. The funds 
will be used to grow beyond Ford Credit and expand into international markets. 
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
"Includes .514.18M of known debt; Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Series of Stock 
Shares Sought 
Price Per Share 
Preferred 
A 
3,464,509 
$3.42 
Conversion Ratio 
Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SERIES A TERMS 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Dividend Rights 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Non-participating 
Yes 
Cumulative/Non-
cumulative 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Redemption Rights 
Board Voting Rights 
General Voting Rights 
Non-Cumulative 
Weighted 
Average 
No 
Yes 
Yes 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Authorized 
Par 
Value 
Original 
Issue Price 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Pref. Multiple 
Conversion 
Price 
Owned 
Series 
3,464,509 
50.000100 
53.42 
$3.42 
lx 
$3.42 
15.38% 
A 
Seed- 
2,427,838 
50.000100 
51.48 
$1.48 
lx 
$1.48 
12.78% 
Seed 
2,835,000 
50.000100 
50.90 
$0.90 
lx 
$0.90 
14.92% 
Investors (4) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
EFTA00807396
--- PAGE 5 ---
1. Crosslink Capital 
Follow-On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
David Silverman JD 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Crosslink Ventures VII 
2. Hard Yaka 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
3. Lerer Hippeau Ventures 
Follow-On 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Investor 
Fund 1: 
Lerer Hippeau Ventures 
CS 
4. Santander InnoVentures 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Santander InnoVentures 
Fund 
E Estimated 
Advisors (1) 
# 
Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
1. Fenwick & West 
Legal Advisor 
AutoFi 
Tranches (2) 
Tranche Date 
Amount 
Financing Type 
Comments 
1. 23-Aug-2017 
510.OOM 
2. 14-Feb-2018 
51.50M 
Early Stage VC 
Stock Type: 
Preferred 
Tranche Size 
Actual 
Status: 
Stock Series 
A 
Type: 
Early Stage VC 
Stock Type: 
Preferred 
Tranche Size 
Actual 
Status: 
Stock Series 
A 
Type: 
Deal #3: Corporate, Completed; 23-Jan-2017 
Deal Types 
Corporate 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Deal Date 
23-Jan-2017 
Financing 
Venture Capital- 
CEO/Lead 
Kevin 
Status 
Backed 
Mgt 
Singerman 
Financing 
Corporate 
Site 
San Francisco, 
Source 
CA 
Raised to 
$19.50M " 
Business 
Generating 
Date 
Status 
Revenue 
EFTA00807397
--- PAGE 6 ---
Deal Synopsis 
The company received an undisclosed amount of financing from Ford Motor Credit on January 23, 2017. 
Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
' Includes $14.18M of known debt; Does not include grant funding 
Estimated 
Advisors (1) 
# 
Advisor Name 
1. Financial Technology Partners 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Advisor: 
General 
AutoFi 
Comments 
Deal #2: Seed Round, $17M, Completed; 23-May-2016 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital-
Total 
$17.00M 
Deal Types 
Seed Round 
Status 
Backed 
Invested 
Deal Amount 
$17.00M 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Capital 
Source 
Pre-money 
$18.64M 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Total New Debt 
$14.18M 
Valuation 
Deal Date 
% Acquired 
23-May-2016 
13.13% 
Raised to Date 
$19.50M 
Post 
Valuation 
$21.46M 
Total Invested 
$2.82M 
CEO/Lead Mgt 
Kevin 
Equity 
Singerman 
Investor 
32.72% 
Site 
San 
Ownership 
Stock Split 
: 1 
Francisco, 
CA 
Business 
Startup 
Status 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised 517 million of Seed-2 funding from lead investor Crosslink Capital on May 23, 2016, putting the 
company's pre-money valuation at 518.64 million. Lerer Hippeau Ventures, Bruce Toll, Eniac Ventures, Silicon Valley 
Bank and other undisclosed investors also participated. The round included a $14.18 million debt portion. The 
company will use funds to scale the company's online point of sale financing solution at participating dealers. 
I Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
"Includes $14.18M of known debt Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Shares Sought 
Price Per Share 
Preferred 
# of Shares Acquired 
1,899,772 
2,427,839 
51.48 
Conversion Ratio 
Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SEED-1 TERMS 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Dividend Rights 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Non-participating 
Cumulative/Non-
cumulative 
Yes 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Redemption Rights 
Board Voting Rights 
General Voting Rights 
Non-Cumulative 
Weighted 
Average 
No 
Yes 
Yes 
EFTA00807398
--- PAGE 7 ---
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Par 
Original 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Conversion 
Authorized 
Value 
Issue Price 
Pref. Multiple 
Price 
Owned 
Seed- 
2,427,839 
$0.000100 
$1.48 
$1.48 
lx 
$1.48 
13.13% 
Seed 
2,835,000 
$0.000100 
$0.90 
$0.90 
lx 
$0.90 
19.59% 
Investors (6) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Alrai Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
2. Bruce Toll 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Bruce Toll 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
3. Crosslink Capital 
Follow-On 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
David Silverman JD 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Crosslink Ventures VII 
4. Eniac Ventures 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Eniac Special Beta 
5. Lerer Hippeau Ventures 
Follow-On 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Investor 
Fund 1: 
Lerer Hippeau Ventures 
CS 
6. Silicon Valley Bank 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
E Estimated 
Lenders & Debt Financings (0) 
Debt Summary 
Total New Debt 
Other Debt 
$14.18M Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures) 
$14.18M 
Deal #1: Seed Round, $2.5M, Completed; 15-Oct-2015 
EFTA00807399
--- PAGE 8 ---
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital-
Total Invested 
$2.50M 
Deal Types 
Seed Round 
Status 
Backed 
Capital 
Deal Amount 
$2.50M 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Pre-money 
$8.76M 
Source 
Valuation 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Raised to Date 
$2.50M 
Post 
$11.26M 
Deal Date 
1S-Oct-2015 
Total Invested 
$2.50M 
Valuation 
% Acquired 
22.20% 
Equity 
CEO/Lead Mgt 
Jonathan 
Investor 
22.20% 
Palan 
Ownership 
Site 
San 
Stock Split 
: 1 
Business 
Francisco, 
CA 
Startup 
Status 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised $2.5 million of seed funding in a deal led by Crosslink Capital on October 15, 2015, putting the 
company's pre-money valuation at $8.76 million. Follow on Sandy Cass, ZenStone Venture Capital, 500 Startups, 
Laconia Ventures, FJ Labs, Fabrice Grinda, Basset Investment Group and Lerer Hippeau Ventures also participated in 
the round. 
F Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
"Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Preferred 
Series of Stock 
Seed 
Conversion Ratio 
Shares Sought 
2,835,004 
Price Per Share 
$0.90 
Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SEED TERMS 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Dividend Rights 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Non-participating 
Yes 
Cumulative/Non-
cumulative 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Redemption Rights 
Board Voting Rights 
General Voting Rights 
# of Shares Acquired 
2,778,087 
Non-Cumulative 
Weighted 
Average 
No 
Yes 
Yes 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Authorized 
Seed 
2,835,004 
Par 
Original 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Value 
Issue Price 
Pref. Multiple 
$0.000100 
$0.90 
$0.90 
lx 
Conversion 
Price 
Owned 
$0.90 
22.20% 
Investors (11) 
Investor Name 
1. 500 Startups 
2. Basset Investment Group 
Status 
New Investor 
New Investor 
Lead/Sole 
No 
No 
Comments 
Form of Payment: 
Fund 1: 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
500 Startups III 
Cash 
EFTA00807400
--- PAGE 9 ---
3. Crosslink Capital 
New Investor 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
David Silverman JD 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Crosslink Ventures VII 
4. Fabrice Grinda 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Fabrice Grinda 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Fabrice Grinda T8F 
5. FJ Labs 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
6. Laconia Capital Group 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
7. Lerer Hippeau Ventures 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Lerer Hippeau Ventures 
CS 
8. Max Ventures 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
9. Paul Holliman 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Paul Holliman 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
10. Sandy Cass 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Sandy Cass 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
11. ZenStone Venture Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
E Estimated 
Investors (17) 
Active Investors (17) 
Name 
Investor Type 
Hard Yaka 
Venture Capital 
Santander 
InnoVentures 
Holding Investor 
Board Related Deals 
Since 
Minority 
Feb 2018 
#4. Early Stage VC (Series A): New 
Investor, Feb 2018, $11.50M 
Corporate Venture 
Minority 
Feb 2018 
#4. Early Stage VC (Series A): New 
Capital 
Investor, Feb 2018, $11.50M 
Alrai Capital 
Venture Capital 
Bruce Toll 
Angel Group 
Minority 
May 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, May 
2016 
2016, $17.00M 
Minority 
May 
#2. Seed Round: New Investor, May 
2016 
2016, Bruce Toll, $17.00M 
EFTA00807401
--- PAGE 10 ---
Eniac Ventures 
Silicon Valley Bank 
Lender/Debt Provider 
Minority 
May 
2016 
500 Startups 
Basset Investment 
Venture Capital 
Group 
Crosslink Capital 
Fabrice Grinda 
FJ Labs 
Laconia Capital Group 
Venture Capital 
Lerer Hippeau 
Ventures 
Max Ventures 
Paul Holliman 
Sandy Cass 
ZenStone Venture 
Capital 
Venture Capital 
Accelerator/Incubator Minority 
Oct 2015 
Minority 
Oct 2015 
Minority 
Oct 2015 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Oct 2015 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Oct 2015 
Minority 
Oct 2015 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Oct 2015 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Oct 2015 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Oct 2015 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Oct 2015 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Oct 2015 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
May 
2016 
2016, $17.00M 
#2. Seed Round: New 
#2. Seed Round: New 
2016, $17.00M 
#1. Seed Round: New 
2015, $2.50M 
#1. Seed Round: New 
2015, $2.50M 
Investor, May 
Investor, May 
Investor, Oct 
Investor, Oct 
#1. Seed Round: New Investor, Oct 
2015, David Silverman JD, $2.50M 
#2. Seed Round: Follow-on, May 
2016, David Silverman JD, $17.00M 
#4. Early Stage VC (Series A): 
Follow-on, Feb 2018, David 
Silverman JD, $11.50M 
#1. Seed Round: New 
2015, Fabrice Grinda, 
#1. Seed Round: New 
2015, $2.50M 
#1. Seed Round: New 
2015, $2.50M 
Investor, Oct 
$2.50M 
Investor, Oct 
Investor, Oct 
#1. Seed Round: New Investor, Oct 
2015, $2.50M 
#2. Seed Round: Follow-on, May 
2016, $17.00M 
#4. Early Stage VC (Series A): 
Follow-on, Feb 2018, $11.50M 
#1. Seed Round: New Investor, Oct 
2015, $2.50M 
#1. Seed Round: New 
2015, Paul Holliman, $ 
#1. Seed Round: New 
2015, Sandy Cass, $2. 
#1. Seed Round: New 
2015, $2.50M 
Investor, Oct 
2.50M 
Investor, Oct 
50M 
Investor, Oct 
Service Providers 
General Service (1) 
EFTA00807402
--- PAGE 11 ---
Service Provider Name 
Service Provided 
Comments 
Fenwick & West 
Legal Advisor 
Service on a Deal (2) 
Service Provider 
Service Provided 
Service To 
Deal Date 
Deal 
Comments 
Fenwick & West 
Legal Advisor 
AutoFi 
14-Feb- 
2018 
Financial Technology 
Advisor: General 
AutoFi 
Partners 
Name 
23-Jan-2017 
Lead Partners on Deals (7) 
Investors (7) 
Name 
All 
Deals 
Title 
Representing Deals 
Phone 
Email 
David Silverman JD 
Partner 
Crosslink Capital 
#4. Early Stage 
VC (Series A): Feb 
2018, $11.50M, 
Completed 
Bruce Toll 
Angel Investor 
Bruce Toll 
#2. Seed Round: 
David Silverman JD 
Partner 
Crosslink Capital 
May 2016, 
$17.00M, 
Completed 
#2. Seed Round: 
May 2016, 
$17.00M, 
Completed 
David Silverman JD 
Partner 
Crosslink Capital 
#1. Seed Round: 
Fabrice Grinda 
129 
Angel Investor 
Fabrice Grinda 
Oct 2015, 
$2.50M, 
Completed 
#1. Seed Round: 
Paul Holliman 
107 
Angel Investor 
Paul Holliman 
Oct 2015, 
$2.50M, 
Completed 
#1. Seed Round: 
Oct 2015, 
$2.50M, 
Completed 
Sandy Cass 
Angel Investor 
Sandy Cass 
#1. Seed Round: 
Oct 2015, 
$2.50M, 
Completed 
Signals Summary 
This company has a weekly growth rate of 0.44%, placing it in the 94th percentile of all growth rates tracked within 
PitchBook. Its underlying data points generate a size multiple that is 0.81x times larger than the median of all size 
multiples tracked within PitchBook, placing it in the 46th percentile of all size multiples tracked within PitchBook. 
EFTA00807403
--- PAGE 12 ---
Growth Rate Summary (Weekly) 
Twitter Followers 
160 
Similar Web Unique Visitors 
203 
Majestic Referring Domains 
Social 
Size Multiple Summary (x Median) 
Twitter Followers 
1.23% 
160 
Web 
-0.34% 
0.44% 
Of<wtrt PS.° 
Similar Web Unique Visitors 
203 
Majestic Referring Domains 
Social 
0.23x 
Web 
1.39x 
0.81x 
Sac ?AuItole 
Signals History 
Growth Rate History 
6.0 
4.0 
2.0 
0.0 
.4.0 
Size Multiple History 
5.0 
Sep'18 Oct'18 
Nov18 
Dec 18 
Jan 19 
Feb '19 
Sep'18 Oct'18 
Nov 1 8 
Dec '18 
Jan '19 
Feb '19 
m 
GrowthRate 
— Web Growth Rate 
— Sze Multiple 
Web Size Multiple 
Social Growth Rate 
Social Size Multiple 
Social Media Signals 
EFTA00807404
--- PAGE 13 ---
Twitter Followers 160 
180 
143 
101 
Sep'18 Oct'18 
Nov '18 
Dec'18 
Jan'19 
Feb'19 
Metric 
Tritter Followers 
AutoFi 
Calculation Range 0 
All 
Companies 
Average 
Twitter Followers 
Growth Rate 
Growth Rate 
Percentile 
Size Multiple 
Size Multiple 
Percentile 
160 
2.45% 
100th 
0.45x 
36th 
11,958 
0.10% 
44th 
34.0x 
50th 
Web Signals 
SimilarWeb Unique Visitors 203 
Majestic Referring Domains 82 
b5 
Sep'18 Oct'18 
Nov •18 
Dec 
Jan'19 
Feb'19 
Unique Visitors 
Calculation Range 0 
Sep'18 Oct'18 
Nov '18 
Dec'18 
Jan'19 
Feb'19 
Refening Domains 
Calculation Range 0 
Metric 
AutoFi 
All 
Metric 
AutoFi 
All 
Companies 
Companies 
Average 
Average 
SimilarWeb Unique 
203 
21,451 
Majestic Referring 
365 
Visitors 
Domains 
Growth Rate 
-0.68% 
-0.55% 
Growth Rate 
-0.01% 
Growth Rate 
28th 
39th 
Growth Rate 
11th 
23rd 
Percentile 
Percentile 
Size Multiple 
0.28x 
39.2x 
Size Multiple 
2.50x 
10.8x 
Size Multiple 
21st 
50th 
Size Multiple 
70th 
50th 
Percentile 
Percentile 
Ranking And Distribution 
Weekly Growth 0.44%, 94th %ile 
EFTA00807405
--- PAGE 14 ---
44.0% 
497% 
Decline/Flat 
• 
Steady 
IMI Growing 
Fast 
Rapid 
I AutoFi 
Percentile 
Min Rate 
Max Rate 
Avg. Rate 
0-10 
-44.0% 
-0.16% 
-1.34% 
10-20 
-0.15% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
20-30 
30-40 
40-50 
50-60 
60-70 
70-80 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.02% 
80-90 
0.04% 
0.26% 
0.13% 
90-100 
0.27% 
497% 
1.21% 
Size Multiple 0.81x, 46th %ile 
100 
0.00x 
XSmall 
1.00x 
131lCx 
Small 
Average 
Large 
X Large 
I AutoFi 
Percentile 
Min Size 
Max Size 
Avg. Size 
0-10 
0.00x 
0.12x 
0.07x 
10-20 
0.13x 
0.26x 
0.20x 
20-30 
0.27x 
0.44x 
0.36x 
30-40 
0.45x 
0.65x 
0.55x 
40-50 
0.66x 
0.99x 
0.81x 
50-60 
1.00x 
1.49x 
1.22x 
60-70 
1.50x 
2.35x 
1.88x 
70-80 
2.36x 
4.15x 
3.12x 
80-90 
4.16x 
10.7x 
6.59x 
90-100 
10.7x 
131Kx 
117x 
EFTA00807406
--- PAGE 15 ---
Employee Signals 
Company 
AutoFi 
All Companies Average 
Indeed Current Job Openings: 4 
Openings by Department 
.1 
iul '18 
Auo '18 
Employee 
Growth Rate 
Count 
Growth 
Size Multiple 
Percentile 
Size 
Percentile 
2.626 
0.28% 
49th 
22.6x 
50th 
Seo '18 
Oct '18 
Dec 18 
Ian 19 
Feb '19 
• Administration/Operations • Engineering • Marketing/PR • Product • Sales 
FEBRUARY 2019 
Department 
Open Jobs 
% Change lm 
% Change 3m 
% Change 6m 
% Change ly 
Sales 
• 33.33% 
Marketing/PR 
0.00% 
— 
— 
—
Engineering 
0.00% 
• 50.00% 
— 
—
Administration/Operations 
- 
• 100.00% 
— 
—
Product 
- 
V 100.00% 
— 
— 
Summary 
V 20.00% 
0.00% 
— 
— 
Company signals data was calculated against 843794 companies within all companies.
Company Signds Population: Company Signals data is tracked for active companies (i.e. have not gone out of 
business) that haven't been exited from VC, PE, or Incubator/Accelerator. Social media presence is tracked only for 
companies that have a Twitter account; web presence is tracked only for companies whose websites are tracked by 
SimilarWeb and Majestic. 
News 
Car finance fintech closes $10m Series A 
AutoFi raises money from existing investors including Ford.... 
AitFi I 24-Aug-2017 
Tagged entities: AutoFi, Ford 
8.24.17: Your morning briefing 
EFTA00807407
--- PAGE 16 ---
Welcome to the PaymentsSource Morning Briefing, delivered daily. The information you need to start your day, 
including top headlines from PaymentsSource and around the Web: Australia's agenda for payments; developers flock 
to blockchain; fraud sp... 
Payments Source I 24-Aug-2017 
Tagged entities: AutoFi 
AutoFi Secures Financing from Ford Motor Co. 
AutoFi Secures Financin from Ford Motor Co. Target Overview Transaction Details SUGGEST TRANSACTION UPDATE 
AutoFi 
449 Bryant St, 2nd floor San Francisco, CA 94107 United States FinTech Sector: Banking 
/ Lending Announce... 
FT Partners I 25-Jan-2017 
Tagged entities: AutoFi, Ford 
Ford Motor Credit Carpools with AutoFi to Provide Digital Financing 
Ford Motor Credit has partnered with fintech startup AutoFi to provide digital financing options to consumers, the 
companies announced in a joint press release.The program is available today to consumers near Ricart Ford in 
Groveport, Ohio — just ... 
Crowdfund Insider I 24-Jan-2017 
Tagged entities: AutoFi, Ford Motor Credit Company 
Ford invests in digital financing outfit AutoFi 
Ford invests in digital financing outfit AutoFi 2 minutes agol51 viewsl0 Source: AutoFi There's a new way for customers 
to purchase or finance a new Ford vehicle in minutes - right from a dealership website from anywhere, on any device -
through a... 
FinExtra I 23-Jan-2017 
Tagged entities: AutoFi, Ford 
Ford Motor : Credit and AutoFi Debut Platform for Faster, Smoother, Simpler Digital 
Vehicle Buying and Financing 
New platform allows customers to purchase and finance a new vehicle via the dealer website; platform 
introduced at Ohio dealership and will roll out over time to more U.S. Ford and Lincoln dealerships Platform makes it 
fast and con... 
4-traders I 23-Jan-2017 
Tagged entities: AutoFi 
Autofill on Chrome and Safari Can Give Hackers Access to Your Credit Card Info 
Autofill on Chrome and Safari Can Give Hackers Access to Your Credit Card Info Getty Images: Richlegg With a simple 
exploit, browsers like Chrome and Safari can be tricked into handing over your credit card information to hackers. And 
you wouldn't... 
Gizmodo I 10-Jan-2017 
Tagged entities: AutoFi 
AutoFi Adds New Equity Venture Capital 
San Francisco, California -- Financial services technology companyAutoFihas received 52.8 million in new equity 
venture capital investment, according to an SEC regulatory filing. AutoFi has developed technologies that make it 
easier for consumers... 
Venture Deal I 24-May-2016 
Tagged entities: AutoFi 
SEC Filings (3) 
EFTA00807408
--- PAGE 17 ---
Type 
Date 
Title 
OK 
D/A 
15-Feb-2018 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities: [Amend] 
1656140 
D 
24-Aug-2017 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities: 
1656140 
D 
23-May-2016 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1656140 
Copyright CO 2019 PitchBook Data, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Provided under contract for the exclusive use of subscriber Richard Kahn, HBRK Associates . 
EFTA00807409

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807410.pdf
----------------------------------------
4rPitchBook Generated by PitchBook for Fatima Mseitif, PitchBook Data 
Last Updated: 26 Jul 2018 
Jawbone Health Hub I Company Profile 
General Information 
pbID: 183109-96 
Description 
Provider of health-related hardware and software products and services. The company's products primarily include proprietary 
wearable technology with clinically relevant signals that will connect patients and physicians based on data-driven dialogue, 
enabling individuals to stay healthy and live longer. 
Company Status (as of 26-Jul-2018) 
The company is in talks to receive an undisclosed amount of financing on May 2, 2018. The company is being actively tracked by 
PitchBook. 
Website www.jawbonehealth.co 
Universe Private Equity, M&A 
Also Known As Jawbone Health 
Primary Industry Other Healthcare Technology Systems 
Legal Name Jawbone Health Hub, Inc. 
Other Industries Other Devices and Supplies 
Business Status Startup 
Ownership Status Privately Held (backing) 
Financing Status Private Equity-Backed 
Year Founded 2017 
Verticals HealthTech, Wearables & Quantified Self 
Contact Information 
Primary Contact 
Hosain Rahman 
Founder, Chief Executive Officer & Chief Financial Officer 
hosain.rahman@jawbonehealth.co 
Primary Office 
Rhode Island Street 
San Francisco, CA 94103 
United States 
Top 5 Similar Companies 
Name 
Competitor Financing Status 
HQ Location 
Growth 
Size 
Last Financing 
Last 
Rate Multiple 
Date/Type 
Financing 
Amount 
Cloud DX 
Accelerator/Incubator 
Brooklyn, NY 
Backed 
1.06% 
3.58x 
2016/Accelerator/Inc 
EFTA00807410
--- PAGE 2 ---
Neurosynaptic 
Venture Capital-
Bangalore, 
0.13% 
1.48x 
2016/Series A 
$1.04M 
Communications 
Backed 
India 
Enovate Medical 
Private Equity-Backed 
Murfreesboro, 
TN 
0.86% 
2.39x 
2013/Platform 
Biometry 
Corporation 
Boston, MA 
0.00% 
0.02x 
Coaptech 
Pending Transaction 
Baltimore, MD 
2017/Grant 
$0.23M 
(Angel) 
Current Executives (1) 
Name 
Hosain Rahman 
Title 
Co-Founder & Chief 
Executive Officer 
Board 
Seats 
Office 
San Francisco, CA 
Email 
Phone 
Deal History (1) 
• 
Deal Type 
Date 
1. 
PE Growth/Expansion 
06-Jul-2017 
Amount 
Status 
Stage 
Completed 
Startup 
Deal #1: PE Growth/Expansion, Completed, 06-Jul-2017 
Deal 
Types 
Deal 
Completed 
Status 
PE Growth/Expansion 
Deal Date 06-Jul-2017 
Financing Status 
Financing Source 
Private Equity 
Private Equity- 
CEO/Lead Mgt 
Hosain 
Backed 
Rahman 
San Francisco, 
CA 
Business 
Startup 
Status 
Site 
Deal Synopsis: 
The company received undisclosed amount of development capital from BlackRock on July 6, 2017. 
Investors (1) 
Investor Name 
Status 
1. BlackRock 
New Investor 
Lead/Sole 
Comments 
Yes 
Form of 
Cash 
Payment: 
Investors 
EFTA00807411
--- PAGE 3 ---
Active Investors 
Name 
BlackRock 
Investor Type 
Holding 
Investor 
Board 
Related Deals 
Since 
Asset Manager 
Minority 
Jul 2017 
#1. PE Growth/Expansion: New Investor, Jul 
2017 
News 
Jawbone founder seeks funding for successor company 
About 10 months after Jawbone went out of business, its founder is looking to raise somewhere between 540 million and $50 
million for another hardware company, per Bloomberg. While the original Jawbone manufactured fitness trackers, the spin-off... 
PitchBook 102-May-2018 
Tagged entities: Jawbone Health Hub Hosain Rahman awbone 
A new research tool for a new phase of digital health: the analyses we now support 
A new research tool for a new phase of digital health: the analyses we now support 
Rock Health I 11-Jan-2018 
Tagged entities: Jawbone Health Hub Adidas Evidation Healthcare Company, Nike Omada Health Omidyar Network 
Fitbit resolves all litigation with lawbone 
Fitbit resolves all litigation with JawboneMonday 11 December 2017 I 06:37 CET I News Fitness tracker specialist Fitbit said it has 
reached a settlement with wearable device maker Jawbone, currently under liquidation and represented in this matter... 
Telecompaper 
11-Dec-2017 
Tagged entities: Jawbone Health Hub 
of the most-funded startups to fail in 2017 
Startups rise and startups fall. 2017 has seen some prominent startups go under. What follows are 10 of the best-funded 
companies to close in the first nine months of 2017. Ultimately not all is... 
TechCrunch 02-Sep-2017 
Tagged entities: Jawbone Health Hub Apple Auctionata Beepi, BlackRock Foundation Capital Harvey (Integrative Medicine) 
Hello, Jawbone, Sherpa Capital, Temasek Holdings 
Digital health news briefs for 8/17/2017 
Jawbone's healthcare plans revealed? 
Mobile Health News 1 17-Aug-2017 
Tagged entities: Jawbone Health Hub Atlanta Hawks Bloomberg, Color Genomics Emerson Collective General Catalyst 
NBCUniversal 
The Products and Brands We've Lost This Year 
We've lost a number of iconic products and companies in 2017. 
Entrepreneur I 04-Aug-2017 
EFTA00807412
--- PAGE 4 ---
Tagged entities: Jawbone Health Hub Anti-Defamation League Apple, Bloomberg, Coca-Cola Microsoft 
Jawbone starts liquidation - report 
Jawbone starts liquidation - reportFriday 7 July 2017 I 09:18 CET I News Wearable device maker Jawbone has started liquidation 
proceedings, the Information reported, with sources saying the move follows years of financial pressure. Jawbone co-foun... 
Telecompaper 
07-Jul-2017 
Tagged entities: Jawbone Health Hub, lawbone 
Jawbone is Being Liquidated as Its CEO Launches New Health Startup 
<TABLE ALIGN="RIGHT" BORDER="1" STYLE="BACKGROUND-COLOR:#FFFFFF;BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE;BORDER:1PX SOLID 
Biospace 07-Jul-2017 
Tagged entities: Jawbone Health Hub 
Jawbone is being liquidated as its CEO launches a related health startup 
Jawbone is being liquidated as its CEO launches a related health&nbsp;startup 
TechCrunch 106-Jul-2017 
Tagged entities: Jawbone Health Hub, Apple BlackRock Jawbone (Speaker Businessj, Qualcomm Sherwood Partners 
Report: Jawbone is finally dead, but may rise from the ashes as lawbone Health Hub 
It looks like Jawbone, the activity tracker company that has been teetering on the brink of collapse for a few years now, is finally 
shutting down. Citing sources close to the company, The Information is reporting that the company has begun liquid... 
Mobile Health News I 06-Jul-2017 
Tagged entities: jawbone Health Hub Blackrock Capital Investment Spectros The Information 
Jawbone is reportedly going out of business 
Goodbye to the company that made Bluetooth earpieces, wireless speakers, and fitness trackers. 
The Verge I 06-jul-2017 
Tagged entities: jawbone Health Hub lawbone,  lawbone (Speaker Businessj 
Copyright © 2018 PitchBook Data, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Provided under contract for the exclusive use of subscriber Fatima Mseitif, PitchBook Data. 
EFTA00807413

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807414.pdf
----------------------------------------
Generated by PitchBook for Richard Kahn, HBRK 
tpitchBook Associates 
Last Updated: 03-Sep-2018 
Tencent Music Entertainment Group (NYS) I Private Company 
Profile 
General Information 
pbID: 185834-26 
Description 
Developer of a music streaming services platform designed to help creators post and share music and other audio 
files. The company's platform facilitates in uploading, recording, promoting and sharing originally created sounds to 
share music privately with their friends or publicly to blogs, sites and social networks, enabling them to distribute their 
work as well as the consumers to discover it. 
Company Status (as of 03-Sep-2018) 
The company is planning to spin out of Tencent Holdings and go public on the New York stock exchange under an 
undisclosed ticker symbol as of May 31, 2018. The expected offering amount is $30 billion. Previously, the company 
received $10 million of financing from Access Industries in January 2018. SonyATV Music Publishing and Universal 
Music Group also participated in the round. The company is being actively tracked by PitchBook. 
Entity Types 
Also Known As 
Formerly Known As 
Business Status 
Ownership Status 
Financing Status 
Private Company 
Acquirer 
THE 
China Music 
Generating Revenue 
In IPO Registration 
Private Equity-Backed 
Universe 
Parent Company 
Primary Industry 
Other Industries 
Verticals 
Private Equity 
Tencent Holdings 
Application Software 
Entertainment Software 
TMT, AudioTech 
Contact Information 
Primary Contact 
Cussion Pang 
Chief Executive Officer 
Primary Office 
China 
Top 5 Similar Companies 
# Name 
Competitor Financing Status 
HQ 
Growth 
Size 
Location 
Rate Multiple 
Last 
Last Financing 
Financing 
Date/Type 
Amount 
Bubbl 
Qluge 
Formerly 
Accelerator/Incubator 
backed 
Accelerator/Incubator 
Backed 
New York, 
NY 
Stavanger, 
Norway 
0.00% 
0.20x 
2018/M&A 
Accelerator/Inc 
SoundCloud 
Venture Capital-
Berlin, 
0.10% 
5,254.40x 
2017/Series F 
$169.50M 
Backed 
Germany 
EFTA00807414
--- PAGE 2 ---
Xingtone 
Venture Capital-
Studio 
0.46% 
8.15x 
2006/Series B 
52.30M 
Backed 
City, CA 
Patari 
Accelerator/Incubator 
Lahore, 
1.32% 
117.62x 
2016/Seed 
50.20M 
Backed 
Pakistan 
Current Executives (1) 
Name 
Cussion Pang 
Title 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
Board 
Seats 
Office 
China 
Phone 
Email 
Deal History (5) 
# Deal Type 
Date 
Amount 
Post-Val 
Status 
Stage 
5. 
IPO 
31-May-
530.00B 
Announced 
Generating Revenue 
4. 
Corporate 
2018 
01-Jan-2018 
510.00M 
Completed 
Generating Revenue 
3. 
Secondary 
15-Dec-
$12.508 
Completed 
Generating Revenue 
Transaction - 
Private 
2017 
2. 
Merger/Acquisition 
13-Jul-2016 
51.198 
$2.708 
Completed 
Generating Revenue 
1. 
Buyout/LBO 
01-Jan-2014 
560.00M 
$60.00M 
Completed 
Generating Revenue 
t Indicates an Add-On 
E Estimated 
Deal #5: IPO, 5308, Announced/In Progress; 31-May-2018 
Deal Types 
IPO, Spin-Off 
Deal Amount $30.008 
Deal Status 
Announced/In Progress 
Deal Date 
31-May-2018 
Financing 
Status 
Financing 
Source 
Private Equity- 
CEO/Lead 
Cussion Pang 
Backed 
Mgt 
Public Investment 
Site 
China 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company is planning to spin out of Tencent Holdings and go public on the New York stock exchange under an 
undisclosed ticker symbol as of May 31, 2018. The expected offering amount is $30 billion. 
,t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
• Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Sellers/Exiters (6) 
# 
Seller/Exiter Name 
1. Access Industries 
2. 
PAG 
Partial/Full 
Comments 
EFTA00807415
--- PAGE 3 ---
3. 
SonyATV Music Publishing 
4. Spotify 
5. Tencent Holdings 
6. Universal Music Group 
E Estimated 
Advisors (3) 
# 
Advisor Name 
1. 
Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
2. Morgan Stanley 
3. The Goldman Sachs Group 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Underwriter 
Underwriter 
Tencent Music 
Entertainment Group 
Tencent Music 
Entertainment Group 
Underwriter 
Tencent Music 
Entertainment Group 
Comments 
IPO Information 
Original Registration 
Date 
Current Registration 
Status 
Current Registration 
Status Date 
Exchange 
31-May-2018 
In Registration 
31-May-2018 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
Stock Info 
Type of Stock 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
Common 
Financials 
Financials - Fiscal Year 2017 
All Financials in thousands, USD 
Deal Multiples 
Income Statement 
Deal Size / Net 
Income 
Deal Size / 
Revenue 
Cash Flow 
132.16 
30.01 
Total Revenue 
Ratios 
999,600 
Revenue % Growth 
40.0% 
Balance Sheet 
Multiples* 
EFTA00807416
--- PAGE 4 ---
Data Origination 
Original 
Calculated 
Yes 
Yes 
Deal #4: Corporate, $10M, Completed; 01-Jan-2018 
Deal Types 
Corporate 
Financing 
Private Equity- 
CEO/Lead 
Cuss on Pang 
Deal Amount 
S10.00M 
Status 
Backed 
Mgt 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Financing 
Corporate 
Site 
China 
Deal Date 
01-Jan-2018 
Source 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company received $10 million of financing from Access Industries in January 2018. SonyATV Music Publishing and 
Universal Music Group also participated in the round. 
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
"Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Investors (1) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Access Industries 
New Investor 
Yes 
Amount: 
$10.00M 
E Estimated 
Advisors (1) 
# 
Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
1. 
CYMelveny & Myers 
Legal Advisor 
Access Industries 
Financials 
Financials - Fiscal Year 2017 
All Financials in thousands, USD 
Deal Multiples 
Deal Size / Net 
0.04 
Income 
Deal Size / 
Revenue 
Cash Flow 
Data Origination 
Original 
Calculated 
0.01 
Yes 
Yes 
Income Statement 
Balance Sheet 
Total Revenue 
999,600 
Ratios 
Multiples* 
Revenue % Growth 
40.0% 
EFTA00807417
--- PAGE 5 ---
Deal #3: Secondary Transaction - Private, Completed; 15-Dec-2017 
Deal 
Secondary Transaction - 
Financing 
Private Equity- 
Post 
$12.506 
Types 
Private 
Status 
Backed 
Valuation 
Deal 
Completed 
Financing 
Corporate 
CEO/Lead 
Cussion Pang 
Status 
Source 
Mgt 
Deal Date 15-Dec-2017 
Site 
China 
% 
10.00% 
Business 
Generating 
Acquired 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
A 10% minority stake in the company was acquired by Spotify on December 15, 2017 for an undisclosed amount. 
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
"Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Investors (1) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Spotify 
New Investor 
Yes 
E Estimatt..! 
Advisors (1) 
# 
Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
1. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett 
Legal Advisor 
Spotify 
Lead Partner: 
Alan Klein 
JD 
Stock Info 
% Owned by Buyer After 
10.00% 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the weighted Average Method 
Financials 
Financials - Fiscal Year 2017 
All Financials in thousands, USD 
Deal Multiples 
Income Statement 
Balance Sheet 
Valuation / Net 
55.07 
Total Revenue 
999,600 
Income 
Valuation / 
12.51 
Revenue 
Cash Flow 
Ratios 
Multiples* 
Revenue % Growth 
40.0% 
EFTA00807418
--- PAGE 6 ---
Data Origination 
Original 
Calculated 
Yes 
Yes 
Deal #2: Merger/Acquisition, $1.19B, Completed; 13-Jul-2016 
Deal Types 
Merger/Acquisition 
Financing 
Private Equity-
Post 
$2.70B 
Deal Amount 
$1.198 
Status 
Backed 
Valuation 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Financing 
Corporate 
CEO/Lead 
Cussion Pang 
Source 
Mgt 
Deal Date 
13-Jul-2016 
Site 
China 
% Acquired 
44.00% 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
Tencent Holdings (HKG: 00700) acquired a 44% stake in the company for $1.188 billion on July 13, 2016. After the 
transaction, Tencent Holdings owns a 60% stake in the company. 
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
"Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Investors (1) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Tencent Holdings 
Acquirer 
E Estimated 
Yes 
Amount: 
Form of Payment: 
$1.19B 
Cash 
Sellers/Exiters (1) 
# 
Seller/Exiter Name 
Partial/Full 
Comments 
1. MG 
Partial 
E Estimate:: 
Stock Info 
% Owned by Buyer Before 
% Owned by Buyer After 
E Share's Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average l•feCiioa 
16.00% 
60.00% 
Financials 
Financials - Fiscal Year 2016 
All Financials in thousands, USD 
EFTA00807419
--- PAGE 7 ---
Deal Multiples 
Income Statement 
Balance Sheet 
Valuation / Net 
31.76 
Total Revenue 
714,000 
Income 
Valuation / 
3.78 
Revenue 
Deal Size / Net 
13.98 
Income 
Deal Size / 
1.66 
Revenue 
Implied EV / Net 
31.76 
Income 
Implied EV / 
3.78 
Revenue 
Cash Flow 
Ratios 
Multiples* 
Data Origination 
Original 
Yes 
Calculated 
Yes 
Deal #1: Buyout/LBO, $60M, Completed; 01-Jan-2014 
Deal Types 
Buyout/LBO 
Financing 
Private Equity-
Post 
$60.00M 
Deal Amount 
560.OOM 
Status 
Backed 
Valuation 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Financing 
Private Equity 
CEO/Lead 
Cussion Pang 
Source 
Mgt 
Deal Date 
01-Jan-2014 
Site 
China 
% Acquired 
100.00% 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company was acquired by PAG and Tencent Holdings through a $60 million LBO in 2014 for an undisclosed sum. 
,t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Investors (2) 
Investor Name 
1. PAG 
2. Tencent Holdings 
E Estimated 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
New Investor 
No 
Acquirer 
No 
Fund 1: 
PAG Asia II 
Investors (6) 
Active Investors (5) 
EFTA00807420
--- PAGE 8 ---
Name 
Access Industries 
Spotify 
PAG 
Investor Type 
Corporation 
Corporation 
Asset Manager 
SonyATV Music 
Corporation 
Publishing 
Universal Music Group 
Corporation 
Acquirer (1) 
Name 
Tencent Holdings 
Investor Type 
Corporation 
Holding Investor 
Since 
Minority 
Jan 2018 
Minority 
Dec 2017 
Minority 
Jan 2014 
Minority 
Minority 
Board Related Deals 
#4. Corporate: New Investor, Jan 
2018, S10.00M 
#5. IPO: Seller, May 2018, $30.008 
#3. Secondary Transaction - Private: 
New Investor, Dec 2017 
#5. IPO: Seller, May 2018, $30.008 
#1. Buyout/LBO: New Investor, Jan 
2014, 560.00M 
#2. Merger/Acquisition: Seller, Jul 
2016, 51.198 
#5. IPO: Seller, May 2018, $30.008 
#5. IPO: Seller, May 2018, $30.008 
#5. IPO: Seller, May 2018, $30.008 
Related Deals 
#1. Buyout/LBO: New Investor, Jan 
2014, 560.00M 
#2. Merger/Acquisition: Follow-on, Jul 
2016, 51.198 
#5. IPO: Seller, May 2018, $30.008 
Service Providers 
Service on a Deal (5) 
Service Provider 
Name 
Service Provided 
Bank of America 
Underwriter 
Merrill Lynch 
Morgan Stanley 
Underwriter 
The Goldman Sachs 
Underwriter 
Group 
O1Melveny & Myers 
Legal Advisor 
Simpson Thacher & 
Legal Advisor 
Bartlett 
Service To 
Tencent Music 
Entertainment 
Group 
Tencent Music 
Entertainment 
Group 
Tencent Music 
Entertainment 
Group 
Access 
Industries 
Spotify 
Deal Date 
Deal 
31-May-
2018 
31-May-
2018 
31-May-
2018 
01-Jan-2018 
15-Dec-
2017 
Comments 
EFTA00807421
--- PAGE 9 ---
Lead Partners on Deals (1) 
Service Providers - Buy Side (1) 
Name 
All 
Title 
Deals 
Alan Klein JD 
Representing 
Deals 
Phone 
Email 
Partner, Mergers & 
Simpson Thacher & 
#3. Secondary 
+1 (212) 455-
Acquisitions 
Bartlett 
Transaction - 
3188 
Private: Dec 2017, 
Completed 
Investments I Buy Side (2) 
Company Deal Date 
Deal Type 
Deal Size 
Co-Investors 
Company 
Industry 
Lead 
Stage 
Name 
KTVme 
01-Apr-2018 
Early Stage 
$19.06M 
Generating 
Movies, Music 
VC (Series B) 
Revenue 
and 
Entertainment 
xSpotify 
08-Dec-2017 
Secondary 
Transaction -
Private 
t Indicates an Add-On 
E Estimated 
x Investor Exited Deal 
Profitable 
Entertainment 
Software 
Partner 
Affiliates 
Parent Company (1) 
Name 
Tencent Holdings 
Industry 
Location 
Application Software 
Shenzhen, China 
Year Founded 
1998 
Sister Companies (9) 
Name 
Industry 
Location 
Year Founded 
Miniclip 
Entertainment Software 
Neuchatel, Switzerland 
2001 
Riot Games 
Entertainment Software 
Los Angeles, CA 
2006 
ZAM 
Information Services (B2C) 
Los Angeles, CA 
2006 
Grinding Gear Games 
Entertainment Software 
Auckland, New Zealand 
2006 
Supercell 
Entertainment Software 
Helsinki, Finland 
2010 
Tencent Thailand 
Media and Information Services 
Bangkok, Thailand 
1998 
(B2B) 
Flymeal 
Application Software 
Fort McMurray, Canada 
Tencent Industry Win-Win Fund 
Corporate Venture Capital 
Shenzhen, China 
2011 
EFTA00807422
--- PAGE 10 ---
Comsenz 
Internet Software 
Beijing, China 
2001 
Financials 
Key Metrics (TTM) 
Amounts in thousands, USD (except 
Ratios, Multiples & per share items) 
Income Statement 
Total Revenue 
Ratios 
Revenue % Growth 
Data Origination 
Preliminary 
Original 
Restated 
Calculated 
Months Ending 
Dec 2018 
Start: 31-Dec-2017 
End: 31-Dec-2018 
2,600,000 
160.1% 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
Months Ending 
Dec 2017 
Start: 31-Dec-2016 
End: 31-Dec-2017 
999,600 
40.0% 
Months Ending 
Dec 2016 
Start: 31-Dec-2015 
End: 31-Dec-2016 
714,000 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
News 
Tencent Music set to IPO in October, with expected $30bn valuation 
NewsNow 127-Aug-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Morgan Stanley, NASDAQ, New York Stock Exchange, 
The Goldman Sachs Group 
US Investors Reportedly Value Tencent Music At Around $30B 
US Investors Reportedly Value Tencent Music At Around $30B 
China Money Network I 27-Aug-2018 
Tagged entities: Alibaba Group 
Hong Kong stocks end higher amid upbeat company earnings, led by casino groups; 
Cathay Pacific drifts lower after first half loss 
Hong Kong's stock market rose for a third day after a slew of robust corporate earnings announcements and the 
rebound in the Chinese currency. Mainland Chinese markets fell however as worries over... 
South China Morning Post I 08-Aug-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Anhui Sun Create Electronics, Cathay Pacific Airways, 
Galaxy Entertainment Group, Post Community Credit Union, Sunac China Holdings, Tencent Holdings 
Spotify Technology S.A. : Announces Financial Results for Second Quarter 2018 
net (139 ... I juillet 26, 2018 
4-traders I 26-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group Tencent Holdings 
Second season of 'The Rap of China' returns to promote 'positive' rap music featuring 
'Chinese elements' 
EFTA00807423
--- PAGE 11 ---
Earlier this year, Chinese Hip Hop music experienced an unexpected downturn after critics accused the genre of 
promoting misogyny and drug use. Now it looks like the genre might finally be making an official comeback as popular 
music competition s... 
Global Times I 12-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group 
Things to Know About Tencent Music Entertainment's IPO 
NewsNow 112-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group 
Tech giant's disappointing debut casts a cloud over Chinese IPOs in Hong Konq 
NewsNow 111-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Bloomberg, China Renaissance, MCM Partners, Razer, 
Ryan Roberts, Tencent Holdings, Xiao lia Li ID 
Knight Bridge Investment Consultants Limited - Announces Planned Access to Tencent 
Music Entertainment IPO in New York 
It was announced just a few days ago, Tencent Holdings Ltd plans to list its music streaming service in New York 
before the end of 2018. 
Alternative Emerging Investor I 10-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group 
Tencent Music to go public in US 
Tencent Music, the operator of a streaming platform thats majority-owned by Chinese internet giant Tencent, has 
announced plans to conduct an IPO in the US. Tencents own stock is listed in Hong Kong. Earlier reports of the offering 
indicated the... 
PitchBook I 10-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Access Industries, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, 
Spotify, Tencent Holdings 
Tencent's music streaming unit to list shares in US bourse 
Tencent Holdings Ltd's plan to spin off its music-streaming unit and list shares in the United States marks the fresh 
revival of an industry that has often been plagued by piracy, industry experts said. 
China Daily I 09-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group 
Tencent (TCEHY) Stock Closes up 2.3% on Big Music and Gaming News 
Chinese tech giant Tencent (TCEHY) made headlines Monday with news that it is preparing a US IPO of its music 
business, along with reports that it is expanding its international gaming presence through the launch of its own 
international PC market... 
Zacks I 09-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, An lo-Austrian Patisserie, Apple, China Literature, 
Facebook, South China Morning Post, Spotify, Twitter, Ubisoft Entertainment 
China's music-streaming Tencent seeks IPO in U.S. 
NewsNow 109-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, South China Morning Post 
IPO Watch: Tencent Finds Its Voice 
BEIJING (dpa-AFX) - Tencent, one of the largest tech company in China, is planning to spin off its online music business 
and list its shares in the U.S.Tencent, in a statement, said it will list 
FinanzNachrichten I 09-Jul-2018 
EFTA00807424
--- PAGE 12 ---
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group 
Tencent To List Online Music Arm In U.S. 
Chinese tech giant Tencent Holdings Ltd. said it plans to list its online music business in the U.S. In a statement 
through the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, Tencent said it plans to spin off its online music entertainment business on a 
U. 
RTT News I 09-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Spotify 
Tencent to spin off its music business and list its shares in the U.S.
Tencent to spin off its music business and list its shares in the U.S. 
VentureBeat I 09-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group 
Tencent Music gets go-ahead for US flotation 
Tencent Holdings is planning to list its digital music distribution arm in the US, according to a filing with the Hong Kong 
Stock Exchange on Sunday. 
Global Capital Asia 09-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Tencent Holdings 
Tencent Proposes A Spin-off: Tencent Music To File A Separate US IPO 
Tencent Proposes A Spin-off: Tencent Music To File A Separate US IPO 
China Money Network 108-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Alibaba Group 
Tencent seeks to list online music unit in U.S. 
Chinese internet giant Tencent Holdings Ltd said it is looking to spin off and list its online music business, China's 
biggest music-streaming company, in the United States. 
Thomson Buyouts I 08-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Spotify, Tencent Holdings 
Tencent seeks to list its music arm in the US 
NewsNow 108-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Alibaba Group, Apple, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, 
Dcci, Morgan Stanley, Singtel, Sony, The Goldman Sachs Group 
Tencent to spin off online music unit in US 
Companies & Markets News -HONG KONG (REUTERS) - Tencent Holdings has submitted a proposal to the Stock 
Exchange of Hong Kong to seek a separate listing of its online music entertainment business on a recognised stock 
exchange in the United States.... 
The Straits Times 108-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Tencent Holdings 
Tencent streaming spinoff to list shares in U.S. amid music industry comeback 
The planned IPO, which could raise at least S1 billion, will let American investors bet on the Chinese market for music-
streaming services, which have brought new life to a business that's been plagued by piracy. 
Los Angeles Times I 08-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Bloomberg, Osprey Media (Three Weekly Newspapers 
and a Speciality Wine Magazine) 
Tencent to spin-off online music unit Tencent Music for US listing 
EFTA00807425
--- PAGE 13 ---
Tencent, the Chinese social media and gaming juggernaut, has proposed to spin-off its online music streaming 
business Tencent Music for a separate listing in the US, which could also profit Spotify... 
South China Morning Post 08-jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, China Literature, Spotify 
Tencent plans US listing of music unit 
NewsNow 108-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Alibaba Group, Tencent Holdings 
Tencent plots IPO for its online music business 
NewsNow 108-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Bloomberg 
Tencent Plans Spinoff, U.S. Listing of Online Music Business 
NewsNow 108-Jul-2018 
Tagged entities: Tencent Music Entertainment Group, Bloomberg, Huatai Securities 
Copyright X) 2018 PitchBook Data, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Provided under contract for the exclusive use of subscriber Richard Kahn, HBRK Associates . 
EFTA00807426

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807427.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 45247451 E-Filed 08/15/2016 05:45:03 PM 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
11-ThENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
Plaintiff, 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
and BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually. 
JUDGE: 
HAFELE 
Defendants. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S LIST OF TRIAL 
EXHIBITS. TRIAL WITNESSES AND EXPERT WITNESSES 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") hereby files his list of 
trial exhibits, trial witnesses, and expert witnesses pursuant to this Court's Order Setting 
Jury Trial and Directing Pretrial and Mediation Procedures, as follows: 
TRIAL EXHIBITS 
1. 
Information Charging Scott W. Rothstein in United States of America v. 
Stott W. Rothstein, 09-60331-CR-COHN; dated December 1, 2009. 
2. 
Plea Agreement between United States of America and Scott W. Rothstein, 
09-60331-CR-COHN; filed December 1, 2009. 
3. 
Amended Complaint in Razorback Funding, LLC, et al. v. Scott W. 
Rothstein, et al., in the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit, in and for 
Broward County, Florida, Case No. 09-062943 (19). 
4. 
All Depositions taken of Scott W. Rothstein in In re: Rothstein Rosenfeldt 
Adler, PA; 09-34791-RBR and any and all ancillary cases related thereto, including, but 
not limited to, Razorback Funding, LLC, et al. v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at, Case No. 09-
062943(19). 
5. 
The videotaped deposition and all exhibits as referenced/used in the 
Deposition of Scott W. Rothstein taken by Epstein on June 14, 2012. 
6. 
Privilege Log of Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, 
Dated February 23, 2011 as filed in this matter and in In re: Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, 
09-34791-RBR. 
7. 
Docket from Doe v. United States, 08-80736-CIV-MARRA. 
FILED: PALM BEACH COUNTY, FL, SHARON R. BOCK, CLERK, 08/15/2016 05:45:03 PM 
EFTA00807427
--- PAGE 2 ---
8. 
Any and all exhibits listed and/or used by Bradley J. Edwards. 
9. 
All Depositions taken of Bradley J. Edwards in the case and chief and the 
Counterclaim in this matter, via videotape or transcription, including all exhibits 
used/referenced therein. 
10. 
All documents and exhibits provided by Bradley J. Edwards in this matter. 
II. 
Transcripts of all depositions taken in the Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant's 
case in chief and the Counterclaim filed by Bradley J. Edwards, including all exhibits 
marked at said depositions. 
12. 
All of Edwards's Answers to Interrogatories, Responses to Requests for 
Production, and Response to Requests for Admissions. 
13. 
Complaints and Docket from L.M. v. Jeffrey Epstein; 09-CV-81092-
COHN; and 502008 CA 018051 XXXXMB. 
14. 
Subpoena(s)/Notice(s) for Deposition of Donald Trump, Alan Dershowitz, 
David Copperfield, and Mark Epstein. 
15. 
Subpoena to Leonard Baird. 
16. 
Notices to produce medical records to Charles J. Galecki, M.D., Bruce W. 
Markowitz, M.D. and Steven R. Alexander, Ph.D. 
17. 
Any and all exhibits/documents/pleadings referenced in Epstein's Motion 
for Summary Judgment as to Edwards's Counterclaim. 
18. 
Deposition of Jack (John) Scarola dated July 2, 2013 taken in in re: 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, PA; 09-3479 I -RBR. 
19. 
RRA Firm Directory dated October 23, 2009. 
20. 
Screenshots of the Farmer Jaffe Weissing firm website in which Epstein's 
name appears. 
21. 
Screenshots of the Farmer Jaffe Weissing firm, including its attorneys' 
Facebook pages, and other social media, in which Epstein's name appears. 
The Defendants reserve the right to produce any newly discovered evidence upon 
proper notice. 
EFTA00807428
--- PAGE 3 ---
The Defendants reserve the right to produce any exhibits used for impeachment or 
rebuttal. 
The Defendants reserve the right to amend and/or supplement this Exhibit List as 
information becomes available upon proper notice. 
All exhibits expected to be offered at trial by the Defendants, except those used 
for impeachment, will be made available for inspection at the offices of the undersigned 
at a mutually convenient time and date. 
TRIAL WITNESSES 
1. 
Scott W. Rothstein 
do Marc Nurik, Esq. 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
2. 
Ken Jenne 
do Broward Co. Sheriff Office 
2601 W. Broward Blvd. 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33312-1308 
3. 
William Scherer 
do Conrad & Scherer, LLP 
PB Box 14723 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33302-4723 
4. 
Spencer Kuvin 
do Law Office of Craig Goldenfarb, P.A. 
2090 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 402 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409-6512 
5. 
Katherine Ezell 
do Podhurst Orseck PA 
W. Flagler St. 
Miami, FL 33130-1712 
6. 
Ami Ederi 
Miami-Dade State Attorney's Office 
1350 NW12th Avenue 
Miami, FL 33136-2102 
EFTA00807429
--- PAGE 4 ---
7. 
Kikka Claudio 
Address unknown at this time 
8. 
Paul Cassell 
Borton Petrini, LLP 
1320 Columbia Street, Suite 210 
San Diego, California 92101-3436 
9. 
Mar a
m
 ir
eric 
Pensacola, FL 32507-8319 
10. 
Mercedes Estrada 
Address unknown at this time 
11. 
Jacquie Johnson 
Address unknown at this time 
12. 
Adam Horowitz 
do Herman, Mennelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
3351 NW Boca Raton Blvd. 
Boca Raton, FL 33431-6623 
13. 
Stuart Mennelstein 
do Herman, Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
3351 NW Boca Raton Blvd. 
Boca Raton, FL 33431-6623 
14. 
Lisa Rivera 
do U.S. Attorney's Office 
110 9th Avenue, Suite A 961 
Nashville, Tennessee 37203 
15. 
Jack Kill 
Address unknown at this time 
16. 
Carolyn Edwards 
Address unknown at this time 
17. 
Robert Josefberg 
Address unknown at this time 
18. 
Richard Willits 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
EFTA00807430
--- PAGE 5 ---
490 Wandering Woods Way 
Ponte Vedra, FL 32081-0619 
19. 
William J. Berger 
Weiss Handler & Cornwell PA 
2255 Glades Road, Suite 218A 
Boca Raton, FL 33431-7391 
OR 
Greenspoon Marder PA 
100 W. Cypress Creek Road, Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309-2195 
20. 
Bert Patton 
Address unknown at this time 
21. 
Susan K. Stirling 
Promise Healthcare, Inc. 
999 NW 5r Street 
Boca Raton, FL 33431-4477 
22. 
lliana Yarzabal 
Address unknown at this time 
23. 
Barr Stone 
oynton eac , 
37-6491 
24. 
Allan Garten 
U.S. Attorney's Office 
1000 SW 3"1 Avenue, Suite 600 
Portland, Oregon 97204-2936 
25. 
Elizabeth Kim 
4855 Technology Way, Suite 630 
Boca Raton, FL 33431-3351 
26. 
Christina Fitch 
Address unknown at this time 
27. 
Gary Farmer 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards Fistos & Lerhman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
28. 
Denis Kleinfeld 
EFTA00807431
--- PAGE 6 ---
Miami, FL 34905 
29. 
Steve Rossi, Esq. 
533 NE 3rd Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
30. 
Carl Linder 
Linder Law Group 
175 SW 7th Street, Suite 2410 
Miami, FL 33130-2966 
31. 
Cara Holmes 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33331-3486 
32. 
Jonathan Birkman 
Quraishi & Birkman, PLLC 
809 SE 8" Street 
Deerfield Beach, FL 33441-5608 
33. 
Robert C. Buschel 
Buschel Gibbons, P.A. 
100 SE Third Avenue, Suite 1300 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394-0002 
34. 
Beth Williamson 
Defray Beach, FL 334443328 
35. 
Mike Fisten 
Blue Line Investigations 
13762 West State Road #84 
Suite 421 
Davie, Florida 33325 
36. 
Josh Roberts 
Kirschbaum, Birnbaum, Lippman, & Gregoire 
1301 E. Broward Blvd., Suite 230 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-2111 
37. 
Robin T. Kempner 
Address unknown at this time 
38. 
Pat Roberts 
Address unknown at this time 
39. 
Amy Swan 
EFTA00807432
--- PAGE 7 ---
Address unknown at this time 
40. 
Pat Diaz 
Drug Enforcement Administration 
2100 N. Commerce Parkway 
Weston, FL 33326-3234 
41. 
Jeffrey Sonn 
Broward Financial Centre 
500 E. Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394-3055 
42. 
Tami Wolfe 
Morrow, Milberg & Wolfe 
499 NW 70th Avenue, Suite 108 
Plantation, FL 33317-7572 
43. 
Steven Jaffee 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards Fistos & Lerhman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
44. 
Marc Nurik 
do Marc Nurik, Esq. 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
45. 
Nora Batian 
Address unknown at this time 
46. 
Priscilla Nascimento 
Address unknown at this time 
47. 
Maribel Matiska 
Address unknown at this time 
48. 
Michael Wheeler 
Department of Juvenile Justice 
2737 Centerview Drive, Suite 3220 
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0999 
49. 
Bradley Berger 
Address unknown at this time 
50. 
Shawn Gilbert 
EFTA00807433
--- PAGE 8 ---
Address unknown at this time 
51. 
Ronald Wise 
Address unknown at this time 
52. 
Wayne Black 
Address unknown at this time 
53. 
Frank Preve 
Banyon Funding, LW 
2455 E. Sunrise Blvd., Penthouse Suite 
54. 
Kendall Coffey 
Coffey Burlington PL 
2699 S. Bayshore Dr., Penthouse 
Miami, FL 33133-5408 
55. 
Seth Lehrman 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
56. 
Phaedra Xanthos 
Address unknown at this time 
57. 
Scott Goldstein 
Address unknown at this time 
58. 
Alfredo Rodriguez 
Address unknown at this time 
59. 
Earleen Cote 
Kubicki Draper 
E. Broward Blvd., Suite 1600 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-1845 
60. 
Ted Morse 
Morse Operations 
1240 N Federal Highway 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304 
61. 
Carolyn, Legal Assistant to Jay Howell, Co-Counsel 
Jay Howell & Associates, PA 
6444 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211-3108 
EFTA00807434
--- PAGE 9 ---
62. 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates, PA 
6444 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211-3108 
63. 
Alan Sakowtiz 
1135 Kane Concourse, Floor 3 
Bay Harbor Islands, FL 33154-2025 
64. 
A. J. Discala 
Canvas Financial, LLC 
303 Park Avenue South, Suite 1401 
New York, NY 10001-0646 
65. 
Thane Ritchie 
Address unknown at this time 
66. 
Dean Kretschmar 
Address unknown at this time 
67. 
Michael Legamaro 
Address unknown at this time 
68. 
Debra Villegas 
Address unknown at this time 
69. 
George Levin 
Address unknown at this time 
70. 
Linda Von Alimen 
Address unknown at this time 
71. 
Bruce Zimet, Esq. 
Financial Plaza 
Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
72. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
73. 
John Scarola, Esq. 
Seamy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
EFTA00807435
--- PAGE 10 ---
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
74. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
do Tonja Haddad, PA 
315 SE 7i° Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
75. 
Any and all witnesses listed by Bradley J. Edwards. 
Epstein reserves the right to list and/or call any and all newly discovered 
witnesses upon proper notice. 
Epstein reserves the right to call and/or produce any and all witnesses necessary 
for impeachment or rebuttal. 
Epstein reserves the right to amend and/or supplement this Witness List upon 
proper notice to the Parties and this Court. 
EXPERT WITNESSES 
Unknown at this time, but Epstein will amend upon proper review of all 
documents and discovery in this matter and will properly provide the name and address 
of same as per the Trial Court's Order. 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served 
upon all parties listed below, via Electronic Service, this August 15, 2016. 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Fla. Bar No.: 0176737 
TONJA HADDAD, PA 
315 SE 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
facsimile 
EFTA00807436
--- PAGE 11 ---
Electronic Service List 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Seamy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger, & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
East Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. Florida 33301 
Fred Haddad, Esq. 
Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Ton'a Haddad Coleman Es uire 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad,
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. 
, 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr., 
250 S. Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00807437

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807438.pdf
----------------------------------------
HONEYWELL 
THREE YEAR MECHANICAL PROTECTION PLAN (MPP) 
AGREEMENT 
FOR GULFSTREAM ENROLLED AIRCRAFT 
BETWEEN: 
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC., 
("Honeywell") 
AND 
PLAN D, LLC 
("Purchaser") 
GO 
Hawthorne Global Aviation Services 
("Channel Partner") 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 1 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807438
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ARTICLE 
TITLE 
PAGE 
RECITALS 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
2. 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
3. 
RESPONSIBILITIES OF PURCHASER 
4. 
RESPONSIBILITIES OF HONEYWELL 
5. 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 
6. 
EXCLUSIONS 
7. 
PRICES AND PAYMENTS 
8. 
ESCALATION 
9. 
BAILMENT OF HONEYWELL OWNED PRODUCT 
10. 
LIMITED WARRANTY 
11. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
12. 
TERM 
13. 
TERMINATION 
14. 
ASSIGNMENT 
15. 
SALE OR TRANSFER OF ENROLLED AIRCRAFT 
16. 
WAIVER 
17. 
APPLICABLE LAW 
18. 
DISPUTES 
19. 
EXCUSABLE DELAY / FORCE MAJEURE 
20. 
SEVERABILITY/UNENFORCEABLE PROVISIONS 
21. 
NOTICES 
ATTACHMENTS AND EXHIBITS 
23. 
HEADINGS 
24. 
SURVIVAL 
25. 
COUNTERPARTS 
26. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
SIGNATURES 
EXHIBIT 1- ENROLLED AIRCRAFT IN HONEYWELL MECHANICAL PROTECTION PLAN 
EXHIBIT 2 - HONEYWELL PRODUCT CONFIGURATION 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 2 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807439
--- PAGE 3 ---
HONEYWELL MECHANICAL PROTECTION PLAN AGREEMENT 
This HONEYWELL MECHANICAL PROTECTION PLAN AGREEMENT ("the Agreement") is entered 
into this 4th day of September 2017 (the "Effective Date") by and between Honeywell International Inc., a 
Delaware corporation, acting through its Aerospace Commercial Aviation business unit with offices at 1944 
E. Sky Harbor Circle, Phoenix, AZ 85034, U.S.A., ("Honeywell") and "Purchaser", more specifically 
identified in the signature element of this Agreement, which may be referred to separately or jointly as a 
"Party" or "Parties", respectively. 
NOTICE 
(If an Authorized Honeywell Channel Partner is selling this Agreement) 
PURCHASER IS ADVISED that an Authorized Honeywell Channel Partner may be selling this program 
to Purchaser under their authority as a Channel Partner, but this specific Agreement for MPP services is 
between Honeywell and Purchaser. The Channel Partner is not an agent or a party to this Agreement, the 
Channel Partner is included in this process as part of Honeywell's overall service network and to enhance 
the ease in which Purchaser can maintain the Honeywell Products installed in Enrolled Aircraft. See 
Provision 7 for payment considerations. 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, Honeywell is engaged in the design, manufacture, support and distribution of Honeywell 
aerospace products and accessories, including spare parts and components thereof as used in the aviation 
industry; and 
WHEREAS, Purchaser desires to enter into an agreement for the repair and replacement of Honeywell 
Products under the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties mutually agree as follows: 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following definitions will apply to terms used in this Agreement: 
1.1 
1.2 
Commercial Warranty — Those manufacturer's warranties provided by Honeywell to the original 
purchaser (or holder in due course) of a product provided by Honeywell. 
Days — Calendar days unless stated otherwise. 
1.3 
Channel Partner — Honeywell Authorized Channel Partner (either a Service Center Licensee 
under a Mechanical Service Center Authorization or a Dealer under an Avionics Dealership 
Authorization) who is an Airworthiness Authority or "Air Agency" certified under 14 CFR Part 
145 (Domestic or Foreign Station) with the rating required to lawfully perform work on these 
Honeywell Products. 
1.4 
Enrolled Aircraft — Refers to the aircraft identified in Exhibit I of this Agreement which are 
owned and/or operated by Purchaser, in which the Honeywell Product(s) intended for inclusion in 
this Agreement are installed. 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 3 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807440
--- PAGE 4 ---
1.5 
Express Written Consent — Written authorization from the granting party to do a given act, signed 
by a duly authorized representative of that party. 
1.6 
Honeywell Product(s) — Product as set forth in Exhibit 2 hereto. 
1.7 
Obsolescence or Obsolete - Is a Honeywell Product status declared by Honeywell, in its sole 
discretion, based on the Honeywell Product no longer being manufactured or the cost to procure 
components used in its manufacture or repair being prohibitive. 
1.8 
Predicted Flight Hours — The annual estimate of flight hours for each Enrolled Aircraft as 
identified in Exhibit I. 
2. 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
The Purchaser must complete and demonstrate compliance with the following obligations prior to 
enrollment in the MPP program: 
2.1 
Honeywell Product must be installed on Enrolled Aircraft; 
2.2 
Enrolled Aircraft must be utilized in normal, non-airline and non-revenue corporate business 
aircraft or private service and may include Part 135 or Part 91 dry-leases or unscheduled charters 
to others. Within the context of this Agreement, helicopters engaged in similar service are included; 
2.3 
Honeywell Product must be, or have been installed per Honeywell specifications by an installation 
entity acceptable to Honeywell; 
2.4 
Purchaser agrees to execute this Agreement prior to the expiration of any existing, relevant 
warranty period for subject Honeywell Product, unless Honeywell waives this condition precedent 
in writing. 
2.5 
The Party initiating transportation will bear the risk of loss or damage in transit. 
3. 
RESPONSIBILITIES OF PURCHASER 
In the performance of this Agreement, Purchaser will: 
3.1 
Confirm in writing to Honeywell within ten (10) business days after the Effective Date the 
Honeywell Products installed on the Enrolled Aircraft. Furthermore, Purchaser will notify 
Honeywell in writing of any additions or modifications to the Honeywell Products installed on the 
Enrolled Aircraft after the Effective Date. 
Notify Honeywell in writing within ten (10) business days (or extended notification period as 
agreed to by Honeywell) of any additions or modifications to the Honeywell Products installed on 
the Enrolled Aircraft after the Effective Date. Honeywell will advise Purchaser of any additional 
fees that must be paid by Purchaser before the additions or modifications to the Honeywell Products 
are covered under this Agreement. 
3.3 
At all times comply with the most current version of Honeywell's Repair and Overhaul Terms and 
Conditions of Sale (available on request) and the operating provisions and points of contact as set 
forth in the WORLDWIDE EXCHANGE/RENTAL PROGRAM document, commonly referred to 
as the "SPEX Catalog", which can be found at: 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 4 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807441
--- PAGE 5 ---
If a Honeywell Product is removed from the SPEX Catalog, rental only status, Honeywell in its 
sole discretion may also remove this Honeywell Product from the MPP coverage. 
3.4 
Request replacement of Honeywell Product by an appropriately rated dealer or mechanical service 
center that holds the appropriate national certification rating to work on these Honeywell Products 
or through a Honeywell Worldwide Support Center. 
3.5 
Notify Honeywell or an authorized Channel Partner of all defective Honeywell Product during the 
term of this Agreement. 
3.6 
Pay costs and fees (including but not limited to testing, quality documentation and freight 
costs) associated with returning Honeywell Product where no-fault was found and for delayed core 
returns. Core units must be returned to Honeywell by the way of airfreight within 14 days (30 days 
for shipments crossing international borders, or for such other period as set forth in the SPEX 
Catalog), from the date Honeywell shipped the exchanged unit. 
3.7 
Notify Honeywell of all changes in ownership of the Enrolled Aircraft as soon as reasonably 
possible but in no event less than thirty (30) days prior to the sale of the Enrolled Aircraft. Failure 
to do so will be considered by Honeywell to be a material breach of this Agreement. 
3.8 
In the event that Honeywell is unable to provide a Honeywell Product to the Purchaser because the 
SPEX pool is out of stock, the Purchaser is prohibited from purchasing any Honeywell Products 
without express written permission from Honeywell and Honeywell will not be liable for any costs 
for the replacement Product procured by the Purchaser. 
4. 
RESPONSIBILITIES OF HONEYWELL 
In the performance of this Agreement, after confirmation that Purchaser has complied with all 
obligations in this Agreement, Honeywell will: 
4.1 
Replace Honeywell Product which is installed in Enrolled Aircraft and identified in Exhibit 2 to 
this Agreement that does not conform to applicable Honeywell specifications. Replacement or 
exchange product may be new, used or refurbished at the sole discretion of Honeywell; 
4.2 
Pay next day air freight to ship Honeywell Product from Purchaser's location within the continental 
United States to Honeywell's repair facility; 
4.3 
Honeywell delivery terms are EXW Honeywell's facility (Incoterms 2010) with the exception that 
Honeywell is responsible for obtaining the export license and completing all export clearance 
documents. Title will pass to Purchaser on replaced Honeywell Product when Purchaser returns 
core units to Honeywell. Honeywell will pack and ship Honeywell Products in accordance with 
standard commercial practices. 
4.4 
Pay a reasonable amount for labor, not to exceed five hundred dollars ($500.00), for unit removal 
and re-installation ("R&R") in Enrolled Aircraft and for costs of system troubleshooting, providing 
such are accomplished by an appropriately authorized Honeywell Channel Partner. The five 
hundred dollar ($500.00) cap set forth in this provision shall not apply to any Honeywell Product(s) 
which is still under an existing, relevant warranty at the time of the unit R&R. 
4.5 
If any item in Exhibit I either becomes Obsolete or is superseded during the Term of the 
Agreement, then Honeywell shall make reasonable efforts to notify Purchaser. Honeywell will 
incur no liability should it declare the Honeywell Product as Obsolete and any additional costs for 
a replacement will be passed on to the Purchaser. If a suitable replacement is unavailable then 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 5 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807442
--- PAGE 6 ---
Honeywell will adjust the Net Total Price, assessed proportionally, for the following year of the 
Agreement. 
5. 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 
5.1 
The Parties are conducting transactions arising out of this Agreement as independent contractors, 
and do not intend to create any of the following relationships for any purpose: 
(i) 
prime contractor and subcontractor; 
(ii) 
employer and employee; 
(iii) partnership or joint venture; 
(iv) an agency; 
(v) 
trust or other fiduciary relationship; or 
(vi) any other legal entity. 
Neither Party will enter into any agreements, make any warranties or representations, nor assume 
or create any other obligations on the other Party's behalf. 
5.2 
The identification of a Channel Partner, on the front page of this Agreement is for administrative 
purposes only and does not imply, confer, or otherwise establish said Channel Partner as an agent 
of Honeywell or as a party to this Agreement. There are no third party beneficiaries or third party 
beneficiary rights created by this Agreement. 
6. 
EXCLUSIONS 
6.1 
This Agreement does not apply to: 
Non-Honeywell mechanical product; 
Scheduled maintenance events; 
Units damaged other than by Honeywell's demonstrated negligence; or 
Honeywell Product suspected of failure prior to enrollment. 
6.2 
This Agreement does not provide for or cover: 
Subscription services; 
Customs duties, import duties, broker's fees, taxes; 
Special handling or expediting charges; 
Expenses resulting from or associated with initial installation (excludes re-installation of 
replacements); or 
Units which have been altered, modified or repaired by non-authorized repair agencies or which 
have been subject to damage from misuse, accident, lightning, moisture, corrosion, Acts of God or 
similar events. 
7. 
PRICES AND PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Pricing for coverage is based on both the Predicted Right Hours, as specified in Exhibit I, of the 
Enrolled Aircraft in which the Honeywell Products are installed, the product configuration, and 
annual Significant Exchanges. 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 6 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807443
--- PAGE 7 ---
7.2 
Purchaser is required, at a minimum, to provide actual flight hours extrapolated to an annual total 
no later than the tenth (10th) day of the month prior to the month in which this Agreement expires. 
7.3. 
Significant Variances for Flight Hours 
When actual flight hours in a contract year exceed Predicted Flight Hours by 30 or more hours 
(such +30 hour difference, "Significant Variances"), Purchaser is obligated to notify Honeywell of 
such Significant Variances on an annual basis. Honeywell will evaluate whether the Significant 
Variances require an adjustment to the total annual fees payable by the Purchaser for the following 
contract year. Variations in actual flight hours that are less than the Significant Variance range are 
considered acceptable variations and do not constitute an event that will cause any adjustment to 
the price. 
7.4 
For Non Renewals — Significant Variances 
If Purchaser elects to not renew their coverage of the Agreement or if the Agreement is terminated 
prior to its expiration date, Honeywell will issue an additional invoice to Purchaser, reflecting the 
difference between the actual aggregate flight hours and the Predicted Flight Hours, for any 
associated Significant Variance, subject to article 7.7 below. 
7.5 
Honeywell will invoice Purchaser for the total annual fee upon enrollment or renewal initiation, 
unless alternative payment terms are approved by Honeywell at the time of enrollment or renewal. 
7.6 
Significant Exchanges 
7.6.1 
A "Significant Exchange" means that there have been excessive exchanges based upon 
Honeywell statistics and records above what is normal and expected for each part number. 
7.6.2 
Honeywell will monitor Purchaser's ongoing exchange history. Significant Exchanges by 
Purchaser may require Purchaser to pay additional fees at the end of the Agreement Term. 
Such additional fees adjustments will be in the form of a settlement using the following 
processes in 7.6.3 and 7.6.4. 
7.6.3 
For Renewals 
Honeywell will adjust the annual price (as expressed in Exhibit 1) appropriately for the 
Renewal Term, in recognition of the aforementioned Significant Exchanges. 
7.6.4 
For Non Renewals 
Honeywell will issue an additional settlement invoice, subject to article 7.8 below 
7.6.5 
If variations in actual exchanges are within acceptable variation limits and do not constitute 
a "Significant Exchange", no adjustment will be made. 
7.7 
Payment for goods and services is due net thirty (30) days from date of invoice, and must be made 
in U.S. currency. If Purchaser has purchased this protection plan from a Channel Partner, payment 
terms will be determined between Purchaser and that Channel Partner, and the Channel Partner will 
be responsible for remitting payment for this protection plan back to Honeywell. 
7.8 
If Purchaser's payment obligation to Honeywell is delinquent, Honeywell may upon written notice 
to Purchaser stop work and withhold future shipments or performance until all delinquent amounts 
and interest, if any, are paid. Additionally, Honeywell may at its option: 
7.8.1 
Repossess Honeywell Products for which payment has not been made; 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 7 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807444
--- PAGE 8 ---
7.8.2 
Charge interest on delinquent amounts at a rate of 1.5% per month or the maximum rate 
permitted by law, if lower, for each month or part thereof; 
7.8.3 
Recover all costs of collection including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees; 
7.8.4 
Combine any of the above rights and remedies as may be permitted by applicable law; 
7.8.5 
The remedies above are in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity. 
8. 
ESCALATION 
8.1 
The hourly rate for Predicted His incurred under this Agreement, as listed in Exhibit I, is only for 
the initial twelve (12) months of the Term of this Agreement. To establish the Hourly Usage Rate 
for subsequent calendar years during the term of this Agreement, appropriate changes, shall be 
calculated by applying a three percent (3%) fixed increase year over year for the subsequent years 
of the Agreement term. 
8.2 
Honeywell shall apply this increase each year for the next calendar year no later than December 13` 
of the current year. 
9. 
BAILMENT OF HONEYWELL OWNED PRODUCT 
Purchaser may upgrade their Honeywell Avionics Product that is covered under this Agreement for an 
additional charge to be provided by Honeywell at the time of request. In addition, if Honeywell has a rental 
available for the Product being upgraded, such rental will be free of charge during the time that the 
Purchaser's Product is being upgraded by Honeywell, subject to the Purchaser entering into a separate 
bailment agreement pursuant to Honeywell's standard bailment terms and conditions, which are more fully 
described in the SPEX Catalog found at: 
10. 
LIMITED WARRANTY 
10.1 
Honeywell warrants during the term of this Agreement and in accordance with the provisions set 
forth herein that all Honeywell Product shall be free from defects in material and workmanship 
under normal operating conditions. 
10.2 
THESE WARRANTIES ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, 
WHETHER WRITTEN, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND 
FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL HONEYWELL BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, EVEN 
IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING 
THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. 
NO 
EXTENSION OF THIS WARRANTY WILL BE BINDING UPON HONEYWELL UNLESS 
SET FORTH IN WRITING AND SIGNED BY HONEYWELL'S AUTHORIZED 
REPRESENTATIVE. 
11. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
HONEYWELL'S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO AN ORDER 
OR THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE LOWER OF THE CATALOG OR AGREEMENT PRICE 
FOR THE SPECIFIC PRODUCT OR SERVICE THAT GIVES RISE TO THE CLAIM. IN NO EVENT 
WILL HONEYWELL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, CONSEQUENTIAL 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 8 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807445
--- PAGE 9 ---
DAMAGES, SPECIAL DAMAGES, INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF 
REVENUES, OR LOSS OF USE, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THESE LIMITATIONS AND 
EXCLUSIONS WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER LIABILITY ARISES FROM BREACH 
OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), BY 
OPERATION OF LAW, OR OTHERWISE. 
12. 
TERM 
12.1 
This Agreement will begin on the Effective Date as indicated in the introductory paragraph of this 
Agreement and will expire at midnight, Mountain Standard Time, three (3) years from the Effective 
Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier pursuant to the "Termination" article of this Agreement. 
12.2 
This Agreement may be renewed for an additional Term by mutual agreement of the Parties, subject 
to price changes as contemplated by the Escalation provision. Such renewal must be evidenced in 
writing and executed by an authorized representative of each Party. 
13. 
TERMINATION 
13.1 
Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to the other Party upon the 
occurrence of any of the following events: 
a) the other Party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to remedy the breach within 60 
calendar days after receipt of written notice that specifies the grounds for the material breach; 
or 
b) any insolvency or suspension of the other Party's operations or any petition filed or proceeding 
made by or against the other Party under any state, federal, or other applicable law relating to 
bankruptcy, arrangement, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of 
creditors or other similar proceedings. 
13.2 
Honeywell may terminate this Agreement if Purchaser fails to meet the requirements of the 
"Conditions Precedent", "Responsibilities of Purchaser" or "Prices and Payments" articles of this 
Agreement. 
13.3 
Honeywell may suspend performance under this Agreement at Purchaser's expense if Honeywell 
determines that performance may cause a safety, security, or health risk. 
13.4 
Termination does not affect any debt, claim, or cause of action accruing to any party against the 
other before the termination. The rights of termination provided in this clause are not exclusive of 
other remedies that either party may be entitled to under this Agreement or in law or equity. 
13.5 
Should the Purchaser terminate this Agreement prior to the end of the Term, Purchaser will owe 
Honeywell a settlement of fees which will be determined as follows:The total price of the 
Agreement for the full Term will be calculated; 
(b) Total fees paid by Purchaser under the Agreement prior to termination of the Agreement by the 
Purchaser will then be calculated; and 
(c) The difference between the total price of the Agreement in (a) and the total fees paid by the 
Purchaser prior to termination in (b) will be calculated and paid by Purchaser to Honeywell 
immediately upon termination of the Agreement. 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 9 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807446
--- PAGE 10 ---
14. 
ASSIGNMENT 
14.1 
Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder, may be assigned, pledged or 
encumbered by Purchaser without the Express Written Consent of Honeywell. Previous restriction 
notwithstanding, Purchaser may assign this Agreement to any affiliate which it directly or indirectly 
controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Purchaser and to which operational 
control of the Enrolled Aircraft may be transferred, whether by way of a corporate reorganization 
or otherwise, with written notice to Honeywell. 
14.2 
Honeywell may assign, pledge or encumber its rights under this Agreement, and Honeywell may 
assign the Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, in both cases without notice to 
Purchaser. 
15. 
SALE OR TRANSFER OF ENROLLED AIRCRAFT 
15.1 
Should Purchaser sell or transfer title of the Enrolled Aircraft and replace the Enrolled Aircraft with 
a different or new aircraft during the Term, then the Purchaser's rights to service under this 
Agreement may be transferred to the new or replacement aircraft, subject to reasonable prior written 
notice to (no later than one week before the contemplated transfer) and written concurrence by 
Honeywell and rate adjustments for the new or replacement aircraft. 
15.2 
Should Purchaser sell or otherwise transfer title of the Enrolled Aircraft, outside of the internal 
transfers contemplated by 15.1 above, Purchaser's rights to service under this Agreement may be 
transferred, subject to reasonable prior written notice to (no later than one week before the 
contemplated transfer) and written concurrence by Honeywell. Purchaser is advised that in the 
event this Agreement or the Enrolled Aircraft is transferred NO REFUND OF FEES WILL BE 
PROVIDED. In the event Purchaser sells or transfers title to the aircraft and does not transfer the 
Agreement to the transferee, Honeywell is entitled to pursue from Purchaser any amounts due under 
the full term of the Agreement. 
16. 
WAIVER 
The failure of either Party to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement will not be 
construed to be a continuing waiver of any provisions hereunder nor will any such failure prejudice the 
right of such Party to take any action in the future to enforce any provisions hereunder. 
17. 
APPLICABLE LAW 
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A. without regard to conflict 
of law principles. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, 1980, 
and any successor thereto, will not apply. 
18. 
DISPUTES 
18.1 
Any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including the breach, termination or 
validity thereof, will be finally resolved by a sole arbitrator in accordance with the Center for Public 
Resources (CPR) Institute for Dispute Resolution Rules for Non-Administered Arbitration then 
currently in effect. The arbitration will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-
16, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered by any court having 
jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration will be Phoenix, Arizona. 
18.2 
Either Party may apply to the arbitrator seeking injunctive relief until the arbitration award is 
rendered or the controversy is otherwise resolved. Either Party also may, without waiving any 
remedy under this agreement, seek from any court having jurisdiction any interim or provisional 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 10 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807447
--- PAGE 11 ---
relief that is necessary to protect the rights or property of that Party, pending the arbitrator's 
determination of the merits of the controversy. 
18.3 
If any dispute, or response to any dispute, includes an allegation that potentially concerns whether 
any intellectual property right owned, controlled or licensable by either Party is invalid, 
unenforceable or infringed or misappropriated, or is otherwise limited in scope or application, then 
either Party may, in its sole discretion, elect to have such dispute adjudicated before a court of 
competent jurisdiction and this section shall not be binding on either Party with respect to such 
dispute in its entirety or any related dispute, including any portions of such dispute that do not 
concern intellectual property rights. 
19. 
EXCUSABLE DELAY/FORCE MAJEURE 
Except for payment obligations, neither Party will be liable to the other for any failure to meet its obligations 
due to any cause beyond its reasonable control including, but not limited to: (a) government embargoes or 
any other government acts that interfere with performance; (b) blockades; (c) seizure or freeze of assets; 
(d) delays or refusals to grant an export license or the suspension or revocation thereof; (e) fires, 
earthquakes, floods, severe weather conditions; (0 any other acts of God; (g) quarantines or regional 
medical crisis; (h) labor strikes or lockouts; (i) riots, strife, insurrection, civil disobedience, armed conflict, 
terrorism or war (declared or not), or impending threat of any of the foregoing if reasonably expected to 
cause injury to people or property; and 0) shortages or inability to obtain materials or components. The 
due date of any performance affected by such an event will be extended by the period of time that the non-
performing Party is actually delayed. If the inability to perform continues for longer than ninety (90) days, 
either Party will have the right to terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the other Party. 
20. 
SEVERABILITY/UNENFORCEABLE PROVISIONS 
If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable by an arbitrator 
appointed under this Agreement or a court of competent jurisdiction, then the validity and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not be affected and, in lieu of such illegal, invalid, or 
unenforceable provision, there will be added as part of this Agreement one or more provisions as similar in 
terms as may be legal, valid and enforceable under applicable law. 
21. 
NOTICES 
21.1 
All notices and other communications given hereunder to any Party regarding this Agreement will 
be in writing, refer to the Agreement number, in the English language, and delivered at or mailed 
to each Party at the following respective addresses: 
To Honeywell: 
Honeywell Aerospace Systems Laboratory 
Company S de RL de CV 
Calzada del Oro #1755 
Colonia Dos Division 2 
Mexicali, BC. Mexico 21399 
To Purchaser: 
Unless otherwise notified, Honeywell will 
distribute all notices to the person identified 
in the Purchaser's signature element of this 
agreement. 
21.2 
Notices will be deemed received when delivered either: 
21.2.1 Two business days after mailing by certified mail, return receipt requested and postage 
prepaid; or 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 11 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807448
--- PAGE 12 ---
21.2.2 One business day after deposit for next day delivery with a commercial overnight carrier 
provided the carrier obtains a written verification of receipt from the receiving Party. 
22. 
ATTACHMENTS AND EXHIBITS 
All attachments and exhibits described in this Agreement are deemed to be incorporated in and made a part 
of this Agreement, except that if there is any inconsistency between this Agreement and the provisions of 
any attachment or exhibit the provisions of this Agreement will control. Terms used in an attachment or 
exhibit and also used in this Agreement will have the same meaning in the attachment or exhibit as in the 
Agreement. 
23. 
HEADINGS 
The various headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and will not affect the meaning 
or interpretation of this Agreement or any revision thereof. 
24. 
SURVIVAL 
All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should apply beyond the term of this Agreement 
will remain in force after the expiration or any termination of this Agreement. 
25. 
COUNTERPARTS 
This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts (including faxed copies), each of which will be 
deemed one and the same original. Reproductions of this executed original (with reproduced signatures) 
will be deemed to be original counterparts of this Agreement. 
26. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof 
and supersedes any prior representations or agreements, oral or written, and all other communications 
between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement will not be varied except by an 
instrument in writing subsequently executed by an authorized representative of each Party. 
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 12 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807449
--- PAGE 13 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement, beginning Effective Date, is accepted: 
PURCHASER: 
Plan D, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St Thomas USVI 
HONEYWELL ACCEPTANCE: 
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. 
Prepared by Gina Gorbach 
(Signature & Date ) 
(Signature & Date) 
(Name & Title) 
PURCHASER'S INVOICE ADDRESS 
(If different from above): 
Hawthorne Global (Acct 305617) 
2221 Smithtown Ave. 
Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 
(Name & Title) 
HONEYWELL ADDRESSES 
RETURN AGREEMENT CONTRACT 
DOCUMENTS TO: 
Honeywell Aerospace Systems Laboratory 
Company S de RL de CV 
Calzada del Oro Lote 7 Porci6n 1.2 
Parque Industrial El Vigia 
Mexicali, BC. Mexico 21397 
SUBMIT PAYMENTS TO: 
MPP AGREEMENT NUMBER: TED 
Payments to be made per Provision 7. 
M. NUMBER: 
PAYMENT SCHEDULE: 3 year 
agreement to be paid on an annual basis 
ATTACHMENTS: Exhibits 1 and 2 
AIRCRAFT/PRODUCT COVERED: 
Per Exhibit I & 2 attached 
3YR MPP 
G550 SN 5173 N415LM 
09/04/2017 — 09/03/2020 
300 HOURS 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 13 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807450
--- PAGE 14 ---
EXHIBIT 1 
Plan D, LLC 
c/o 
Hawthorne Global Aviation Services 
ENROLLED AIRCRAFT 
IN 
HONEYWELL MECHANICAL PROTECTION PLAN 
Enrolled Aircraft 
Honeywell 
Product 
Agreement Information 
Net Total 
Model 
Serial 
Number 
Registration 
Number 
Predicted 
Flight Hours 
er 
Configuration 
Sheet # 
Period of 
Coverage 
Price 
First 
Year 
Fleet 
discount % 
applied 
Number 
MPP 
G550 
5173 
N415LM 
300 
? 
09/04/2017 
$31,584 
6% *
TBD 
1m YR 
--
09/03/2018 
MPP 
G550 
5173 
N415LM 
300 
? 
09/04/2018 
$32,531 
6% 
TBD 
?" YR 
--
09/03/2019 
MPP 
G550 
5173 
N415LM 
300 
? 
09/04/2019 
$33.507 
6% 
TBD 
314 YR 
--
09/03/2020 
**Pre- 
G550 
5173 
N415LM 
300 
? 
09/04/2017 
$4,867 
N/A 
TBD 
Existing 
-- 
Fee 
09/03/2018 
1" YR 
Pre- 
G550 
5173 
N415LM 
300 
09/04/2018 
$4,867 
N/A 
TBD 
Existing 
-- 
Fee 
09/03/2019 
2od YR 
G550 
5173 
N415LM 
300 
09/04/2019 
$4.867 
N/A 
TBD 
Pre. 
.. 
Existing 
09/03/2020 
Fee 
and YR 
*Managed by ExcelAire. 
**Pre•Existing Failure Fee of 914,600 Is in addition to the Contract Price. Honeywell is providing retroactive coverage of 
nonconforming equipment as consideration for Purchaser's agreement to a 3 YEAR Agreement with additional PraExisting fee. 
Should Purchaser decide for any reason other than breach by Honeywell to not continue service for the full 3 years, Purchaser will 
be responsible for payment of the full SPEX exchange Price for the aforementioned retroactive coverage, as set forth in the SPEX 
Catalog at the time of the exchange. Failed Part No. 3291284-1. Serial No 1100. FEE IS DIVIDED INTO 3 EQUAL PAYMENTS 
FOR CONVENIENCE. 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 14 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807451
--- PAGE 15 ---
Note: This/these Enrolled Aircraft may be part of a fleet MPP arrangement and would benefit from such discounts but may not be 
fully listed herein. For clarification or further information contact the MPP Program Manager. 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 15 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807452
--- PAGE 16 ---
EXHIBIT 2 
HONEYWELL PRODUCT CONFIGURATION 
MPP Pricing 
Enrolled Aircraft Model: Gulfstream G550 
Enrolled Aircraft S/N: 5173 / N415LM 
Predicted Annual Flt Hrs: 300 
Agreement Period: 09/04/2017 — 09/03/2020 
Agreement Price: $33,600 (I" YR) 
Fleet Discount 6%: $31,584 (I" YR) 
"Pre -Existing Failure Fee: $4,867 ( I" YR) 
TOTAL MPP + PEF: $36,451 (1" YR) 
Agreement Price is based on the following Aircraft Configuration, and includes Fleet Discount if 
applicable. 
**Pre-Existing Failure Fee of S14,600 Is In addition to the Contract Price. Honeywell is providing retroactive coverage of 
nonconforming equipment as consideration for Purchaser's agreement to a 3 YEAR Agreement with additional Pre•Existing fee. 
Should Purchaser decide for any reason other than breach by Honeywell to not continue service for the full 3 years, Purchaser will 
be responsible for payment of the full SPEX exchange Price for the aforementioned retroactive coverage, as set forth in the SPEX 
Catalog at the time of the exchange. 
FOR CONVENIENCE. 
Failed Part No. 3291284-1. Serial No 1100. FEE IS DIVIDED INTO 3 EQUAL PAYMENTS 
Product Line 
Part Number 
Description 
Price 
Cabin Pressure Controls 
103832-2-1 
Valve, Pressure Relief 
$87,313 
Cabin Pressure Controls 
2118936-1 
SELECTOR PANEL 
$134,394 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
11515O2-1 
SELECTOR TEMP 
$6,070 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
1151582-6-2 
CONTROL BLEED AIR 
$19,400 
Airframe Valves 
12974O-1-1 
THERMOSTAT, INLET AIR, 
$7,85O 
Cabin Pressure Controls 
2119144-1 
CP Control Panel 
$48,798 
Cabin Pressure Controls 
2119146-2/4 
Controller, Cabin Pressure 
$75,668 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
22O559O-1 
COOLING TURBINE 
$308,928 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341142-1 
Reheater/Condensor 
$38,563 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341144-1 
Water Extractor 
$27,174 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341172-1 
PRECOOLER BLEED AIR 
$187,117 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341172-2 
PRECOOLER BLEED AIR 
$236,515 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341176-1 
VALVE TEMP CONTROL 
$44,534 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
234168O-1 
Primary Heat Exchanger 
$29,537 
Air Cycle & Air Source Systems 
2341682-1 
Secondary Heat Exchanger 
$8O,488 
Airframe Valves 
103878-1 
VALVE, OUTFLOW 
$472,4O5 
Airframe Valves 
32O154-4-1 
VALVE OUTLINE,SOLENOID-SHUTOFF 
$87,750 
Airframe Valves 
32O2752-1 
VALVE OUTLINE, CHECK, 4.0 INCH DIA 
$32,967 
Airframe Valves 
32O2754-1 
VALVE OUR, CHECK, 3.5 IN. DIA. 
$23,344 
Airframe Valves 
32O2758-1 
VALVE OUR, CHECK, 4.O IN. DIA. 
$57,349 
Airframe Valves 
32O276O-1 
VALVE OUR, CHECK, 2.5 IN. DIA. 
$17,526 
Airframe Valves 
32O2776-1 
VALVE CHECK, 3.0 INCH 
$5,095 
Airframe Valves 
32O2782-1 
VALVE, CHECK 
$7,678 
Airframe Valves 
32156OO-2 
VALVE, SHUTOFF,REGULATING 
$130,140 
Airframe Valves 
3215634-S 
VALVE, REGULATING, PRESS 
$17,240 
Airframe Valves 
3215636-2 
VALVE REGULATING, FLUID 
$42,942 
Airframe Valves 
3215662-2 
VALVE REGULATING SHUTOFF 
$63,800 
Airframe Valves 
3291252-1 
VALVE OUTLINE, TEMPERATURE CONTROL 4.O 
$157,785 
HONEYWELL - CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 16 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807453
--- PAGE 17 ---
Airframe Valves 
3291254-1/3291826-1 
Valve, Isolation 
$117,296 
Airframe Valves 
3291268-4 
Valve, Trim Air 
$62,571 
Airframe Valves 
3291284-1 
VALVE, SHUTOFF, 
$49,500 
Airframe Valves 
3291286-3 
Valve, Turbine Bypass 
$32,260 
Airframe Valves 
3291298-2 
VALVE OUTLINE, MODULATING AND SHUTOFF 
$117,872 
Airframe Valves 
3291826-1 
VALVE, SHUTOFF 
$117,296 
Airframe Valves 
396610.6 
VALVE, FLOW CONTR 
$179,604 
NOTES: 
• 
Upon completion, this table of Product, constituting the Honeywell Product Configuration for the Enrolled 
Aircraft, identifies the Honeywell Product included in the MPP Agreement identified above. 
- SPEX Prices are provided for reference only, based on List Price in $USD per event and are subject to change. 
Please refer to Honeywell Publication A65.8200-001 (SPEX Price Catalog — Corporate Operators) for terms and 
conditions. Current prices are also available by contacting the Honeywell Global Customer Care Center at 1+800-
601.3099 (North America); (602) 365-3099 (International). 
HONEYWELL — CONFIDENTIAL This document and all information are the property of Honeywell International 
Inc.. contain trade secrets and may not, in whole or in part. be used, duplicated, or disclosed for any purpose without 
prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc. All Rights Reserved. (MPP 3 year-Year - ver. Dec. 2016) 
Page 17 
Honeywell Internal 
EFTA00807454

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807455.pdf
----------------------------------------
••• 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
i
O
R
S 
2221 SMITHTOWN AVENUE. LONG ISLAND MACARTHUR AIRPORT. RONKONKOMA. NEW YORK 11779 
631.737.5900 P 
631.737.1249 F 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Plan D, LLC 
6100 Red Hood Quarters B3 
St Thomas USVI 00802 
DEPOSIT INVOICE 
Date: 
May 11, 2017 
Subject: 
G550 
Serial No.: 
5173 
Registration No.:N415LM 
$ 292,466 
Base Proposal 
$ 
16,760 
Option 1 - Metal Plating 
$ 
27,610 
Option 2 — Cabin Chair Footrests 
$ 336,836 
TOTAL 
$ 168,418 
AMOUNT DUE (50% per contract) 
EFTA00807455

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807456.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
I C
A li.. PA HA G TR ° AU FL).
P I
Report 
Consolidated Reporting Analysis 
as of: 
11/1:2017 
Entity 
Account Value as of: 
30-Sep-17 
Transfers Ini(Out) of 
Account 
Adjusted Account 
Value as of: 
30•Sep•17 
Account Value as 
of: 
1-Noy-17 
Change in Account 
Value 
Haze Trust 
Jeepers Inc. 
J Epstein VI Foundation 
Southern Trust Company 
Southern Financial LLC 
Gratitude America - Andrew./Paula 
$ 
18,214.501 
S 
3.186.774 
$ 
573.611 
$ 
72.563.054 
$ 
112,907.197 
S 
8,731.904 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
18,214,501 
$ 
3.186.774 
$ 
573.611 
$ 
72.563.054 
$ 
112.907,197 
$ 
8.731,904 
S 
18.352.364 
S 
3.227.083 
S 
566.787 
$ 
73.722.954 
$ 
121.253.715 
S 
9.177.459 
$ 
137.863 
$ 
40.309 
$ 
(6,824) 
S 
1.159.900 
S 
8.346.518 
$ 
445.555 
Pending Cash 
S 
(2.455.013) 
Total 
Apple Position 
Adjusted Account Value ex Apple 
$ 
216,177,041 
$ 
48,393.680 
$ 
167,783,361 
$ 
$ 
216.177,041 
$ 
167.783.361 
S 
223,845,349 
$ 
52.139.700 
S 
171,705,649 
Asset Allocation 
Change USD 
$ 
3.922,288 
Change % 
2.338% 
Entity 
Fixed Income 
Equities 
Mutual Funds 
Cash 
Other 
Total 
Haze Trust 
Jeepers Inc. 
J Epstein VI Foundation 
Southern Trust Company 
Southern Financial LLC 
Gratitude America - Andrew/Paula 
$10.462.340 
$34.891847 
$29.097.243 
$3.336.720 
$558.300 
$16,871.891 
$80,50$202 
$2,255.646 
$2.279.655 
$1.707/07 
$3.016.063 
S 
5.610,369 
$1,519,376 
$8,487 
$21,957,216 
$8.631,207 
S 
3.585,092 
$18.352,364 
$3,227,083 
$566.787 
$73.722,954 
$121,253,715 
$9.177,459 
Total 
$77,790,151 
$100,195,040 
$7,003,425 S 
41,311,747 
SO 
$226,300,362 
Allocation 
34% 
44% 
3% 
18% 
0% 
Allocation ex Apple 
44% 
29% 
4% 
23% 
0% 
31.Oct-17 
Counterparty Exposure Report 
Entity 
Fixed Income 
Equities 
Mutual Funds 
Cash 
Other 
Total 
Deutsche Bank 
Merrill Lynch 
Morgan Stanley 
TD Ameritrade 
$42.441.881 
$7.821.029 
$27.527.240 
SO 
$75,892.242 
$13,657.881 
$5,46$656 
$5,149.499 
$7.003.425 
$0 
$0 
$0 
S 
15.628,643 
$20.746,054 
$4.065,050 
5872,000 
$140.966,192 
$42,224,965 
$37.061,947 
$6.021,499 
Total 
$77,790,151 
$100,169,280 
$7,003,425 
$41,311,747 
SO 
$226.274,602 
EFTA00807456
--- PAGE 2 ---
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
6/10/15 ALIBABA GROUP HOMING 
9/15/17 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICE 
9/29/17 BROADCOM LTD 
10(13/17 BROADCOM LTD 
9/5/14 APPLE INC 
1(11/16 APPLE INC 
3/31/11 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEI 
4(13/15 BASF SE-SPON ADR 
2(14/12 BIOGEN INC 
9/8/14 CENTENE CORP 
5(17/12 FACEBOOK INC-A 
2/5/14 GILEAD SCIENCES INC 
3/7/14 GILEAD SCIENCES INC 
10/24/17 GILEAD SCIENCES INC 
9(14/17 QUALCOMM INC 
9/20/17 QUALCOMM INC 
12(16/13 WISDOMTREE JAPAN HEDI 
4(13/15 VOLKSWAGEN AG-SPONS 
9/21/17 VOLKSWAGEN AG-SPONS 
Quantity 
5,000 
20,000 
2,000 
2,000 
64,000 
250,000 
263,157 
20,000 
2,095 
15,550 
17,500 
5,000 
3,100 
4,400 
5,000 
5,000 
60,000 
5,000 
24,000 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
EQUITY POSITIONS 
Day Ch 
Day Chng YTD Return 
Total Cost 
Current Value 
Earnings 
Cost share 
Last Price 
Gain (Loss) 
(3,439) 
-0.37% 
110% 
444,749 
$920,999 
11/2/2017 
88.95 
184.20 
$476.250 
(3,927) 
-1.82% 
-5% 
260,000 
$215,700 
1/30/2018 
13.00 
10.79 
-$44,300 
(7,821) 
-150% 
49% 
485,729 
$519,880 
12/7/2017 
242.86 
259.94 
$34.151 
(7,821) 
-150% 
49% 
499,891 
$519,880 
12/7/2017 
249.95 
259.94 
$19,989 
(187,975) 
-1.77% 
45% 
6,332,800 
$10,627,200 
11/2/2017 
98.95 
166.05 
$4,294,400 
(734,278) 
-1.77% 
45% 
24,750,006 
$41,512,500 
11/2/2017 
99.00 
166.05 
$16,762,494 
50,301 
0.60% 
74% 
4,999,983 
$8,360,498 
11(1/2017 
19.00 
31.77 
$3,360,515 
7,500 
1.35% 
25% 
505,150 
$557,400 
2/27/2018 
25.26 
27.87 
$52,250 
11,769 
1.77% 
21% 
250,455 
$664,492 
1/25/2018 
119.55 
317.18 
$414,037 
41,963 
2.80% 
70% 
986,497 
$1,497,387 
2/6/2018 
63.44 
96.30 
$510,890 
11,416 
0.36% 
57% 
665,000 
$3,162,425 
11(1/2017 
38.00 
180.71 
$2,497,425 
551 
0.15% 
7% 
396,407 
$375,350 
2/6/2018 
79.28 
75.07 
421,057 
342 
0.15% 
7% 
246,797 
$232,717 
2/6/2018 
79.61 
75.07 
-$14,080 
485 
0.t5% 
7% 
352,214 
$330,308 
2/6/2018 
80.05 
75.07 
-$21,906 
7,568 
2.88% 
-17% 
255,380 
$262,406 
11(1/2017 
51.08 
52.48 
$7,026 
7,568 
2.88% 
-17% 
259,600 
$262,406 
11(1/2017 
51.92 
52.48 
$2,806 
27,209 
0.77% 
20% 
2,966,099 
$3,511,200 
MN/A WA 
49.43 
58.52 
$545,101 
7,800 
4.00% 
38% 
254,306 
$194,950 
2/23/2018 
50.86 
38.99 
-$59,356 
37.440 
4.00% 
38% 
819,535 
$935.760 
2/23/2018 
34.15 
38.99 
$116,225 
574.663.458 
$28,932,860 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Day Ch 
Day Chng YTD Return 
Total Cost 
Current Value 
Earnings 
Cost 
Last Price 
Gain(Loss) 
1/16/01 ASCENA RETAIL GROUP IN 
928/13 SANGAMO THERAPEUTICS 
1(16/14 FOUNDATION MEDICINE IN 
9/18/17 BRUNSWICK CORP 
9/21/17 BRUNSWICK CORP 
10/27/17 BRUNSWICK CORP 
9/29/17 CAVCO INDUSTRIES INC 
10/20/17 GENERAL ELECTRIC CO 
10/21/17 GENERAL ELECTRIC CO 
10/31/17 GENERAL ELECTRIC CO 
50.500 
40,000 
37,290 
5,000 
10.000 
5.000 
3.300 
25.000 
25.000 
25.000 
Total Southern Financial LLC Equities (TD) 
(3.407) 
-3.61% 
-70% 
1.074.468 
$94,435 11/30/2017 
21.28 
1.87 
-$980.033 
(28,582) 
-6.14% 
282% 
337,771 
$465,548 
11/9/2017 
8.44 
11.64 
$127,777 
(107,687) 
-6.89% 
137% 
946,683 
$1,562,391 
11(1/2017 
25.39 
41.90 
$615,708 
4,476 
1.74% 
-5% 
268,638 
$257,650 
1/25/2018 
53.73 
51.53 
-$10,988 
8,953 
1.74% 
-5% 
545,928 
$515,300 
1/25/2018 
54.5928 
51.53 
-$30,628 
4,476 
1.74% 
-5% 
250,000 
$257,650 
1/25/2018 
50.0000 
51.53 
$7,650 
(3,116) 
-0.61% 
56% 
491,700 
$514,635 
11/6/2017 
149.00 
155.95 
$22,935 
(1,446) 
-0.29% 
-35% 
576,880 
$502,550 
1(19/2018 
23.08 
20.10 
.$74,330 
(1,446) 
0.29% 
-35% 
$502,550 
1(19/2018 
22.04 
20.10 
-$48,450 
551,000 
(1.446) 
0.29% 
-35% 
503,450 
$502,550 
1(19/2018 
20.14 
20.10 
-$900 
$5 175 259 
4371 258 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Day Ch 
Day Chng YTD Return 
Total Cost 
Current Value 
Earnings 
Cost 
Last Price 
Gain (Loss) 
7/18/16 BARCLAYS PLC-SPONS AD 
8(11/17 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICE 
7/11/17 NETEASE INC-ADR 
7/18/16 CREDIT SUISSE GROUP-SF 
I
100,000 
12,000 
2,000 
100,000 
Total Southern Trust Co. Equities (MS) 
$ 
(12.828) 
-1.32% 
1t% 
$ 
805,096 
$971,000 
2/22/2018 
8.05 
9.71 
$165.904 
$ 
(2,356) 
-1.82% 
-5% 
$ 
144,486 
$129,420 
1/30,2018 
12.04 
10.79 
-515.066 
$ 
(11,026) 
-2.00% 
30% 
$ 
617,135 
$552,590 11/15/2017 
308.57 
276.30 
464545 
$ 
(10,923) 
-0.70% 
19% 
$ 
1.137,626 
$1,561,000 
11/2/2017 
11.38 
15.61 
$423.374 
$3 214 010 
$509,667 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Day Ch 
Day Chng YTD Return 
Total Cost 
Current Value 
Earnings 
Cost 
Last Price 
Gain/(Loss) 
EFTA00807457
--- PAGE 3 ---
7/20,17 
6/201 7 
8'2117 
8/23,17 
9/29,17 
6/81 7 
4/4/17 
aim 7 
1014/17 
10/13117 
10/10/17 
10124/17 
11/1/17 
9122/17 
10/24/17 
TEFtADYNE INC 
FINANCIAL SELECT SECTC 
FINANCIAL SELECT SECTC 
INC-ADR 
INC-ADR 
ON SEMICONDUCTOR COF 
ING GROEP 
.-SPONSOF 
NETEASE INC.ADR 
CAESARS ENTERTAINMEN 
CAESARS ENTERTAINMEN 
C.M. ROBINSON WORLDWI 
FIRST REPUBLIC BANKICA 
BRINKER INTERNATIONAL 
20,000 
20,000 
80,000 
10.000 
20.000 
12.000 
25.000 
2.000 
20,000 
10,000 
10,000 
1,000 
10,000 
2.500,000 
3.000,000 
$ 
(16,471) 
$ 
500 
$ 
2.002 
$ 
4.400 
$ 
8.801 
$ 
(4.941) 
$ 
1.253 
$ 
(11.026) 
$ 
501 
$ 
250 
$ 
2.005 
$ 
(656) 
$ 
23.347 
-1.96% 
67% 
0.09% 
16% 
0.09% 
16% 
1.16% 
49% 
1.16% 
49% 
-1.97% 
64% 
0.27% 
38% 
-2.00% 
30% 
0.19% 
53% 
0.19% 
53% 
0.25% 
9% 
-0.68% 
6% 
7.10% 
-32% 
73.5% barrier/Mar22ncl '191 
72% barrier/Apr24 '19 fix 
$ 
704.832 
$ 
487.600 
$ 
2.023.688 
$ 
419.639 
$ 
759.182 
$ 
200.038 
$ 
373.500 
$ 
542.688 
$ 
269.000 
$ 
120.985 
$ 
780.265 
$ 
97.300 
$ 
329.145 
2300.000 
3.000.000 
$841.000 
$532300 
$2.130.000 
$379350 
$759.100 
$250.800 
$464.250 
$552.590 
$259300 
$129.750 
$787.300 
$96.740 
$329.000 
$2.610.111 
$2.992.940 
1/24/2018 
#NIA N/A 
#NIA NIA 
11113/2017 
11113/2017 
11/6/2017 
11/212017 
11/1512017 
11/1/2017 
11;1/2017 
1/30/2018 
1/12/2018 
11;1/2017 
#N/A N/A 
Field Not Appl 
35.24 
24.38 
25.30 
41.96 
37.96 
16.67 
14.94 
271.34 
13.45 
12.0985 
78.03 
97.30 
32.91 
3.541.42 
135.98 
42.05 
26.63 
26.63 
37.96 
37.96 
20.90 
18.57 
276.30 
12.98 
12.98 
78.73 
96.74 
32.90 
1697.40 
135.66 
$136,168 
$44.900 
$106.312 
-$40.089 
-$82 
$50.762 
$90.750 
$9,902 
-$9,500 
$8,765 
$7.035 
-$560 
-$145 
$110,111 
-$7.060 
Eurostoxx Market Plus Note ( 
SX7E Market Plus Note (18 n 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
$13,115,131 
$507,270 
. 
I 
• 
a 
• 
• 
• 
. 
• • 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
9'26,16 COLONY NORTHSTAR INC- 
9123,16 SEQUENTIAL BRANDS GRC 
312116 BANK OF AMERICA CORP 
7/18116 TENCENT HOLDINGS LTD.I 
10123/17 GENERAL ELECTRIC CO 
73,315 
50.000 
7.500 
12.500 
22.000 
$ 
6,275 
$ 
(4,808) 
$ 
188 
$ 
13.431 
$ 
(1.272) 
0.69% 
-3.85% 
0.09% 
2.33% 
-0.29% 
-5% 
-47% 
25% 
91% 
-35% 
$ 
928.837 
$ 
402.134 
$ 
100.825 
$ 
298.878 
$ 
490.182 
$906340 
$125.000 
$205.613 
$576.250 
$442,244 
11/8/2017 
1119/2017 
1/17/2018 
11/15/2017 
1/19/2018 
12.67 
8.04 
13.44 
23.91 
22.28 
12.37 
2.50 
27.42 
46.10 
20.10 
$22.297 
-$277.134 
$104.787 
$277.372 
-$47,938 
Total Gratitude America. LTD - Equities (MS) 
$2,255,646 
$34,790 
• 
IP 
• 
• 
• 
• 
a
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
10,30,15 BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB C 
10,30,15 WALT DISNEY CO/THE 
5,000 
2.500 
$ 
1,912 
$ 
3,627 
0.62% 
1.46% 
9% 
-4% 
$ 
334.712 
$ 
285.025 
$310,200 
$248.100 
1; 1 0,2018 
11/912017 
66.94 
114.01 
62.04 
99.24 
424,512 
$36,925 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation • Equities (DB) 
$558.300 
-$61,437 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
-$870,387 
$98,981,805 
$29,551,892 
-0.88% 
OPTION POSITIONS 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Contracts 
Strike 
Expiry 
Initial Prem 
Last Price 
Value 
Notional 
GailyLoss 
9/14/17 November 17 Puts on OCOM 
9/14/17 November 17 Calls on OCOA. 
(50) 
50.00 
(50) 
52.50 
11:1712017 
11/17/2017 
$1.5442 
$0.8250 
-$4,125 
$1.5168 
$1.8050 
49,025 
S 
(250.000) 
S 
(262.500) 
$3,596 
41,441 
9/201 7 November 17 Puts on OCOM 
9/201 7 November 17 Calls on OCON 
(50) 
50.00 
(50) 
55.00 
11/17/2017 
11/17/2017 
$1.1554 
$0.8250 
44,125 
$0.8824 
$0.8300 
44,150 
$ 
(250.000) 
S 
(275.000) 
$1,652 
$262 
9/2917 December 17 Puts on AVGO 
9/2917 December 17 Calls on AVGO 
(20) 
240.00 
(20) 
250.00 
1205:2017 
12115,2017 
$11.9210 
$4.4000 
-$8,800 
$10.3825 
$173500 
435.100 
S 
(480.000) 
S 
(500.000) 
$15,042 
-$14,335 
10/131 7 December 17 Puts on AVGO 
10/131 7 December 17 Calls on AVGO 
(20) 
240.00 
(20) 
260.00 
12115,2017 
12115,2017 
57.8575 
$4.4000 
48,800 
57.9475 
$12.1000 
-$24,200 
S 
(480.000) 
S 
(520.000) 
$6,915 
-$8,305 
EFTA00807458
--- PAGE 4 ---
9)27/17 December 17 Calls on SPY L 
500 
9/27/17 December 17 Calls on SPY L 
620 
254.00 
255.00 
12115,2017 
12115,2017 
$2.6180 
$5.5650 
$2.0900 
$4.7800 
$278,250 
$296,360 
S 
12.700.000 
S 
15.810.000 
$147,350 
$166,780 
10/24/17 December 17 Puts on GILD 1 
(60) 
10/24/17 December 17 Calls on GILD I 
(60) 
75.00 
85.00 
12/15:2017 
12/15,2017 
51.1898 
$2.6600 
$1.3445 
$0.2850 
$15,960 
$1,710 
S 
(450.000) 
S 
(510.000) 
$8,821 
$6,357 
10/24/17 December 17 Puts on GILD 1 
(65) 
10/24/17 December 17 Calls on GILD I 
(65) 
75.00 
82.50 
12/15,2017 
12/15,2017 
$1.1812 
$2.6600 
$2.0992 
$05000 
$17,290 
$3,250 
S 
(487.500) 
S 
(536.250) 
$9,612 
$10,395 
10/13/17 January 18 Calls on TWX US 
100.00 1/1912018 
$4.5000 
$1.8600 
$1,860 $ 
100.000 
$2,640 
10/17/17 January 18 Puts on FXE US 
2,600 
112.00 1/1912018 
$0.9000 
$1.1550 
$300,300 S 
29.120.000 
$66,300 
10/2517 December 17 Puts on AMD L 
(300) 
13.00 12/15,2017 
$0.8200 
$2.3250 
$69,750 S 
(390.000) 
$45,150 
Total Southern Financial LLC • Equity Options (DB) 
$670,485 
$334,345 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Contracts 
Strike 
Expiry 
Initial Prem 
Last Price 
Value 
Notional 
GailyLoss 
10/2/7 December 17 Puts on FXE U. 
3,300 
111.00 12/512017 
$0.6000 
$0.5250 
$173,250 S 
36.630.000 
$24,750 
1012/17 November 17 Calls on F US 
5,000 
13.00 11/17,2017 
.1100 
$0.0250 
$12,500 
$42,500 
10/13/17 January 18 Calls on TWX US 
500 
100.00 1/1912018 
$4.8500 
$1.8600 
593,0001 $ 
5.000.000 1 
-5149,500 
10/13/17 EEM (46.66) Outperoms IWM (149.39) 
ATM 
Dec-17 
1.32% 
1.32% 
$264,000 S 
20.000.000 
$0 
I 
0.312 
0.316 
1.021%j 
Total Southern Trust - Equity Options (Merrill) 
$542,750 
4216,750 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Contracts 
Strike 
Expiry 
Initial Prem 
Last Price 
Value 
Notional 
Gaiw Loss 
Ion 8/17 January 18 Puts on JD US 
(280) 
10/16/17 January 18 Calls on JD US 
280 
10/16/17 January 18 Calls on JD US 
(280) 
37.00 
40.00 
44.00 
1/19/2018 
1/19/2018 
1/19/2018 
$1 .4600 
$1.8500 
$2.6768 
$1.6700 
$1.3185 
$07400 
451.800 
$46/60 
-$20.720 
$ 
(1.036.000) 
$ 
1.120.000 
$ 
(1.232.000) 
$10,920 
$28,190 
$16,198 
Total Southern Financial - Equity Options (ID) 
425,760 
•$22,912 
TOTAL OPTIONS 
$1,187,475 
$94,683 
MUTUAL FUND POSITIONS 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Dividend 
YTD Return Current Value 
Cost 
Last Price 
Gain.,(Loss) 
9/29117 JPMORGAN FLOAT RATE It 
319,837 
3.87% 
3% 
$3.016,063 
9.41 
9.43 
$6,397 
Southern Financial - Fl Fund - DB 
$3,016,063 
$6,397 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Dividend 
YTD Return Current Value 
Cost 
Last Price 
Gain.,(Loss) 
1)2213 JPMORGAN FLOAT RATE It 
241,745 
3.87% 
3% 
S2,279,655 
10.01 
9.43 
-$140,212 
Haze Trust - Ft Fund - DB 
$2,279,655 
4140,212 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Dividend 
YTD Return Current Value 
Cost 
Last Price 
Gain.,(Loss) 
2'13,13 JPMORGAN FLOAT RATE it 
181,093 
3.87% 
3% 
$1,707,707 
10.00 
9.43 
-$1 03,223 
EFTA00807459
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jeepers - Fl Fund - DB 
$1,707,707 
-$103,223 
TOTAL FUNDS 
$7.003.425 
-$237,038 
Open MTM as of 31st October 2017 ex Apple 
$7,840,612 
Realized Gains 
$ 
(643,547) 
Open MTM ex Apple 
$8,352,643 
Change from October 31st 
$ 
528,374 
EFTA00807460
--- PAGE 6 ---
FIXED INCOME POSITIONS 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Next Call 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield to 
Worst 
Cost 
Mid 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gaine(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
5I0II 
3,000.000 JPMORGAN < 
7.90% 
Field Not Appl 
4130/2018 
2.44% 
$111.27 
102.65 
$1.536.929 
$3.081,475 
($258.458) 
$1.278.471 
Total Haze Trust - $1000 Plds(DB) 
$3,081,475 
($258,458) 
$1.278.471 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Next Call 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield to 
Worst 
Cost 
Mid 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gaini(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
10128114 
10129/14 
213114 
49.033 CITIGROUP I 
150.967 CITIGROUP I 
79.000 CITIGROUP I 
5.80% 
5.80% 
6.88% 
Field Not Appl 
4/22/2018 
Field Not Appl 
4/22/2018 
Field Not Appl 11/1512023 
2.28% 
2.28% 
4.17% 
$24.08 
$24.31 
$25.31 
25.48 
25.48 
28.94 
$214,267 
$659,105 
$508,529 
$1,249,116 
$3.845.884 
$2,285,865 
$68.377 
$175.454 
$286.446 
$282.644 
$834.559 
$794.975 
Total Haze Trust - $25 Plds (DB) 
$ 
7,380,865 $ 
530,277 $ 
1,912,178 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Next Call 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield to 
Worst 
Cost 
Mid 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gain:(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
1012/17 
9/14/17 
9/15/17 
10/4/17 
1015/17 
1.000.000 FRONTIER C 
200.000 GENERAL M( 
1.250.000 GENERAL M( 
250.000 PLAINS ALL/ 
250.000 PLAINS ALL/ 
7.125% 
5.750% 
5.750% 
6.13% 
6.13% 
3/1512019 Field Not Appl 
Field Not Appl 9/30/2027 
Field Not Appl 
9/30/2027 
Field Not Appl 11/1512022 
Field Not Appl 11/1512022 
6.53% 
5.15% 
5.15% 
5.60% 
5.60% 
$99.75 
$100.00 
$103.50 
$100.00 
$100.55 
101.053 
106.8 
106.8 
101.375 
101.375 
$5,856 
$1,512 
$9.255 
$1,175 
$1.133 
$1.020,030 
$214.974 
$1.343.585 
$254.416 
$254.416 
$11030 
$13.600 
$41.250 
$3.438 
$2.063 
$18.886 
$15.112 
$50.505 
$4.612 
$3.195 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income MS 
$3,087,420 
$73.380 
$92.311 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Next Call 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield to 
Worst 
Cost 
Mid 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gain/(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
10/19/17 
10.000 TEEKAY LNG 
8.50% 
Field Not Appl 10/1512027 
8.58% 
$25.00 
24.93 
$757 
$249.300 
($700) 
$57 
TotalGratitude America - $25 Plds (MS) 
$ 
249,300 $ 
(700) $ 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Next Call 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield to 
Worst 
Cost 
Mid 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gain/(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
4:1514 
2,000.000 NATIONWIDE 
6.875% 
Field Not Appl 
612012019 
3.16% 
$102.00 
106.0965 
$488,219 
$2.882,298 
$81.930 
$570.149 
Total Southern Trust Co. - DB 
GBP 
1.3264 
$ 
2.882,298 $ 
81.930 $ 
570.149 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Next Call 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield to 
Worst 
Cost 
Mid 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gain/(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
ti13117 
10:1316 
10+4:17 
2,650.000 LSC COMMU 
3,000.000 KINDRED HE 
1,000.000 PLAINS ALL, ) 
8.75% 
8.00% 
6.13% 
1'115,2023 
10115,2019 
1/1512020 Field Not Awl 
Field Not Appl 11/1512022 
7.85% 
7.32% 
5.60% 
$105.25 
$102.02 
$100.00 
103.625 
100.56 
101.375 
$185,500 
$252,493 
$4,699 
$2.757,656 
$3.088,800 
$1,017,663 
($43.063) 
($43.728) 
$13.750 
$142.438 
$208.765 
$18.449 
EFTA00807461
--- PAGE 7 ---
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income Merrill 
56,864 119 
($73.041) 
$369.651 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Next Call 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield to 
Worst 
Cost 
Mid 
Price 
Total Int 
Market 
Clean 
Total 
Earned 
Value 
Gain,(Loss) 
Return 
8/15/16 
1.000.000 ALLERGAN P 
5.50% 
3/1/2018 
Field Not Appl 
178.73% 
$881.50 
670.16 
$66.753 
$670.160 
($211.340) 
($144.587) 
8/15/16 
1.000.000 TEVA PHARk 
7.00% 
12/15/2018 Field Not Appl 
152.49% 
$901.75 
286.75 
$84.959 
$286.750 
($615.000) 
($530.041) 
Total Southern Trust Co. • Mandatory Converts Merrill 
5956.910 
($826,340) 
($674,628) 
Trade 
Next Call 
Yield to 
Mid 
Total Int 
Market 
Clean 
Total 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Worst 
Cost 
Price 
Earned 
Value 
Gain,(Loss) 
Return 
7127115 
40.000 CHARLES SC 
6.00% 
Field Not Appl 
12/1/2017 
.0.25% 
$27.65 
25.37 $ 
136.110 $ 
1,014,600 $ 
(91.400) $ 
44.710 
6/6/17 
40.000 NGL ENERG' 
9.00% Field Not Appl 7/1/2022 
9.621% 
24.43 $ 
36,493 $ 
977,200 
(22,800) $ 
13.693 
8/4/16 
8.000 SEASPAN CC 
7.88% Field Not Appl 8/11/2021 
8.272% 
24.32 $ 
19,590 $ 
194,560 
(5,440) $ 
14.150 
1(19116 
120.000 WELLS FARC 
5.70% Field Not Appl 3/15/2021 
4.934% 
25.78 $ 
305,458 $ 
3,093,600 
93,600 $ 
399.058 
2/22/16 
80.000 EBAY INC 
6.00% 
21,2056 
3/1/2021 
3.334% 
27.005 $ 
203.178 $ 
2.160.400 
160.400 $ 
363.578 
Total Southern Trust Co. - S25 Ptds MS 
$ 
7.440.360 5 
134.360 $ 
835,189 
Trade 
Next Call 
Yield to 
Mid 
Total Int 
Market 
Clean 
Total 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Worst 
Cost 
Price 
Earned 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Return 
8,1616 
500.000 ETRADE FIN 
5.88% 
Field Not Appl 9/15/2026 
4.93% 
$100.00 
106.75 
$35.572 
$537,667 
$33,750 
$69,322 
10/11/16 
2.500.000 E'TRADE FIN 
5.88% 
Field Not Appl 9/15/2026 
4.93% 
$104.925 
106.75 
$155,325 
$2,688,333 
$45,628 
$200,953 
11(10(15 
5.000.000 ROYAL BK St 
3.66% 
Field Not Appl 9/30/2027 
3.81% 
$105.976 
$361,495 
$4,867,260 
($448,817) 
($87,322) 
42159 
5.000.000 GOLDMAN S. 
0.05375 4N/A Field No 
#VALUE! 
3.76% 
$100.687 
105.927 
$648,682 
$5.425,500 
$262,004 
$910,686 
5/14/15 
3.000.000 CAPITAL ONI 
5.55% 
Field Not Appl 
6/1/2020 
3.36% 
$100.327 
105.37 
$411,460 
$3,231,400 
$151.281 
$562,741 
Total Southern Trust Co. - $1000 Weis MS 
$16.750.160 
$43,846 
$1,656,380 
Trade 
Next Call 
Yield to 
Mid 
Total Int 
Market 
Clean 
Total 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Worst 
Cost 
Price 
Earned 
Value 
Gain,(Loss) 
Return 
101 1
2,000,000 BANK OF AM 
8.13% 
Field Not Appl 
5/15/2018 
1.74% 
$102.75 
103.25 
$1,107,226 
$2.140.833 
$10.000 
$1.117.226 
4;3113 
300,000 BARCLAYS B 
7.75% 
4/10/2023 
4/10/2018 
2.27% 
$100.00 
101 
5106.568 
$304,485 
$3.000 
$109,568 
8(6/15 
3,000,000 CITIGROUP I 
5.95% 
Field Not Appl 8/15/2020 
3.70% 
$100.00 
105.524 
5400.036 
$3.204.395 
$165.714 
$565.750 
12/3/15 
2,469,000 GENERAL EL 
4.00% 
Field Not Appl 6/15/2022 
4.19% 
$88.09 
100 
$189,132 
12.506.858 
$293.984 
$483.116 
6(15/11 
2,500,000 JPMORGAN 
7.90% 
Field Not Appl 4/30/2018 
2.44% 
$107.50 
102.65 
$1.261295 
12.567.896 
($121.250) 
$1,140,045 
6/15(11 
2,500,000 JPMORGAN 
7.90% 
Field Not Appl 4/30/2018 
2.44% 
$107.00 
102.65 
$1,261,295 
$2,567,896 
($108.750) 
$1,152,545 
5/21/13 
1,903,000 LLOYDS BAN 
7.50% 
Field Not Appl 6/27/2024 
4.79% 
$102.39 
115.35 
$635,420 
$2,209,383 
$246.611 
$882,030 
1/30(12 
3,000,000 SOUTHERN 
6.25% 
Field Not Appl 
2/1/2022 
3.26% 
$99.87 
111.806 
$1,079,795 
$3.402,097 
5358.043 
$1.437.838 
10/3(17 
1,000,000 FRONTIER C 
7.125% 
3/15/2019 Fiekl Not Appl 
6.53% 
$100.10 
101.053 
$5,661 
11.020,030 
59.530 
$15.191 
10111/17 
1,000,000 FRONTIER C 
8.500% 
4/15/2020 Field Not Appl 
9.18% 
$98.75 
99.04 
$4,890 
$994,650 
52.900 
$7.790 
10/18/17 
1,000,000 SERVICEWV. 
7.250% 
3/1/2038 
Field Not Appl 
7.06% 
$104.00 
104 
$2,781 
11.052,486 
$0 
$2.781 
10119/17 
350,000 SERVICEWV. 
7.250% 
3/1/2038 
Field Not Appl 
7.06% 
$104.00 
104 
$904 
$368,370 
$0 
$904 
EFTA00807462
--- PAGE 8 ---
10/20/17 
10/31/17 
10/24/17 
10/31/17 
80,000 SERVICEMA5. 
70,000 SERVICEM/V. 
2,000.000 EXELA INTEF 
2,000,000 JBS INVESTA 
7.250% 
7.250% 
10.000% 
7.250% 
3/112038 
3/112038 
7/15)2023 
4/3/2024 
Field Not Appl 
Field Not Appl 
7/15/2020 
4/3/2019 
7.06% 
7.06% 
10.91% 
7.42% 
$104.00 
$104.00 
$97.025 
$99.065 
104 
104 
96.313 
99.03 
$191 
$14 
$4,384 
$397 
$84.199 
$73.674 
$1.987,927 
$1.992,683 
$0 
$0 
($14.240) 
($700) 
$191 
$14 
($9.856) 
($303) 
Total Southern Financial LLC • $1000 Plds DB 
$26.477,862 
$844.842 
$6.904.828 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Next Call 
Date 
Yield to 
Worst 
Cost 
Mid 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gaint(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
222/12 
80,000 GMAC CAPIT 
7.10% 
Vt5,2040 
12'112017 
6.79% 
$23.53 
26.255 
$808,816 
$2.100,400 
$217.626 
$1.028442 
Total Southern Financial LLC $25 Ptds DB 
$2.100,400 
$217.626 
$1.026.442 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Next Call 
Date 
Yield to 
Worst 
Cost 
Mid 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gaint(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
11/19/13 
562.781 Washington Mutual Mtg 20i 
484.974 
$518.981 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Mortgages (DB) 
$518981 
$0 
SO 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
S77,790.151 
$767,722 
$13,971.028 
Clean 
Galni(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
Open MTM as of 31st October 2017 
$777,683 $13,967,684 
Realized Gains 
$ 
102,772 
$ 313,753 
Open MTM 
$767,722 $13,971,028 
Change from October 31st 
-$9,961 
$3,974 
EFTA00807463
--- PAGE 9 ---
CLOSED EQUITY POSITIONS 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Syndicate 
Closing Date 
Total Cost 
Closing Value 
Cost 
Closing Px 
Gaini(Loss) 
4+13/5 ALLIANZ SE-SPON ADR 
5,000 
21-Sep-17 
$ 90.056 
$110.733 
18.01 
22.15 
$20.677 
4/20115 ADVERUM BIOTECHNOLOGIES INC 
10,000 
21-Sep-17 
$ 398,606 
$32,990 
39.86 
3.30 
-$365,616 
2/1(17 BIOVERATIV INC 
1,047 
21-Sep-17 
$ 20,254 
359,317 
19.34 
56.65 
$39.063 
6/10(15 DISH NETWORK CORP-A 
5,000 
21-Sep-17 
$ 364,978 
$286,145 
73.00 
53.23 
-$98.833 
6/10(15 GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC-SPON ADR 
5,000 
21-Sep-17 
$ 215,006 
$201,998 
43.00 
40.40 
-$13,008 
3131(15 WISDOMTREE INVESTMENTS INC 
15,000 
21-Sep-17 
$ 324,158 
$135,932 
21.61 
9.06 
-$188,226 
9/28(17 CLOUDERA INC 
1,300 
Y 
28-Sep-17 
$ 21,385 
$22,685 
16.45 
17.45 
51.300 
9/28/17 PO GROUP HOLDINGS INC 
6,400 
Y 
5-Oct-17 
$ 112,000 
$112,256 
17.50 
17.54 
$256 
10/13(17 REV GROUP INC 
2,700 
Y 
1343ct-17 
$ 73,575 
$73,575 
27.25 
27.25 
$0 
10/19/17 MOSAIC ACQUISITION CORP 
6,000 
Y 
18Oc1-17 
$ 60,000 
$60,900 
10.00 
10.15 
$900 
10/26/17 HUTCHISON CHINA MEDITECH•ADR 
700 
Y 
26.Oct•17 
$ 18,550 
å2O.048 
26.50 
28.64 
51.498 
10/26/17 BP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP 
4,300 
Y 
28Oc1•17 
$ 77,400 
$74,372 
18.00 
17.30 
43.028 
11(1/17 CONSTELLIUM NV• CLASS A 
8,500 
Y 
1-Nov•17 
$ 93,500 
$96,560 
11.00 
11.36 
$3.060 
1111117 ALTAIR ENGINEERING INC • A 
3,200 
Y 
1-Nov•17 
$ 41,600 
$54.884 
13.00 
17.15 
$13,284 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
$1 322 394 
-$588,674 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Syndicate 
Closing Date 
Total Cost 
Closing Value 
Cost 
Closing Px 
Gain (Loss) 
10,6, 17 SWITCH INC - A 
5.000 
9-Oct-17 
$ 119,291 
598.688 
23.86 
19.74 
-$20.602 
1/16/14 FOUNDATION MEDICINE INC 
12.540 
11.Oct-17 
$ 318,354 
$565.231 
25.39 
45.07 
$246,878 
1/16/01 ASCENA RETAIL GROUP INC 
20.000 
20.Oct-17 
$ 425,532 
$40.000 
21.28 
2.00 
$385,532 
5/28/13 SANGAMO THERAPEUTICS INC 
10.000 
23.Oct-17 
$ 84,443 
5139.006 
8.44 
13.90 
$54.563 
Total Southern Financial LLC • Equities (ID) 
$842,926 
-$104,693 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Syndicate 
Closing Date 
Total Cost 
Closing Value 
Cost 
Closing Px 
Gaitt(Loss) 
Is 
Total Southern Trust Co. • Equities (MS) 
$0 
SO 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Syndicate 
Closing Date 
Total Cost 
Closing Value 
Cost 
Closing Px 
Gahm(Loss) 
9/27/17 ASCENDIS PHARMA A/S • ADR 
1,000 
Y 
27-Sep-17 
$ 35,500 
$35,550 
35.50 
35.55 
$50 
9/21(17 BEST BUY CO INC 
10,000 
3-Oct-17 
$ 537.882 
$570,798 
53.79 
57.08 
$32.916 
10/4/17 NEWLINK GENETICS CORP 
1,000 
Y 
5-Oct-17 
$ 
10.250 
$11,258 
10.25 
11.26 
$1.008 
10/19/17 PATTERN ENERGY GROUP INC 
5,000 
Y 
20-Oct-17 
$ 117,000 
$118,181 
2140 
2344 
$1.181 
10/26/17 ALLISON TRANSMISSION HOLDING 
10,000 
30-Oct-17 
$ 408,814 
$431.400 
40.88 
43.14 
$22.586 
10/26(17 ALLISON TRANSMISSION HOLDING 
10,000 
31.Op-17 
$ 408,814 
$431.682 
40.88 
43.17 
522.868 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
$1,598,869 
$80,609 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Syndicate 
Closing Date 
Total Cost 
Closing Value 
Cost 
Closing Px 
Gala (Loss) 
10/27/16 ZTO EXPRESS CAYMAN INC-ADR 
1,150 
21-Sep-17 
$ 22,425 
516.028 
19.50 
13.94 
56.397 
9/27117 CATALENT INC 
1,000 
Y 
27Sep-17 
$ 39,100 
539.150 
39.10 
39.15 
$50 
9/27117 RYB EDUCATION INC-ADR 
500 
Y 
27-Sep-17 
$ 
9,250 
$13,089 
18.50 
26.18 
$3,839 
9/28(17 ROKU INC 
1,000 
Y 
29-Sep 17 
$ 
14,000 
$26,580 
14.00 
26.58 
$12,580 
EFTA00807464
--- PAGE 10 ---
9/28117 PO GROUP HOLDINGS INC 
10/5/17 RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS INC 
3/2116 EDITAS MEDICINE INC 
10/13/17 REV GROUP INC 
10/18/17 OUDIAN INC•SPON ADR 
10/19/17 MONGODB INC 
10/19/17 PATTERN ENERGY GROUP INC 
10/20/17 SEA LTD•ADR 
10/20/17 RISE EDUCATION CAYMAN - ADR 
9/11117 BRUNSWICK CORP 
10/26/17 HOULIHAN LOKEY INC 
10/27/17 FORESCOUT TECHNOLOGIES INC 
10/27/17 NEXA RESOURCES SA 
6,400 
1,000 
3.200 
1,000 
5,000 
1,000 
5,000 
500 
500 
5,000 
5,000 
2,000 
1.000 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
5-Oct-17 
5-Oct•17 
10.OG•17 
13.Oc1•17 
18.OG•17 
19.OG•17 
20.Oct.17 
20.Oct•17 
20.Oct•17 
25.Oct•17 
26.Oct•17 
27.OG•17 
27.OG•17 
$ 112.000 
$ 
17.000 
$ 102.208 
$ 27.250 
$ 120.000 
$ 24.000 
$ 117.000 
$ 
7.500 
$ 
7.250 
$ 264.287 
$ 210.000 
$ 44.000 
$ 
16.000 
$112,320 
$27,077 
$77.929 
$27,300 
$155,899 
$31,158 
$118,183 
$7,842 
$8,603 
$285,000 
$207,246 
$51,008 
$16700 
17.50 
17.00 
31.94 
27.25 
24.00 
24.00 
23.40 
15.00 
14.50 
52.86 
42.00 
22.00 
16.00 
17.55 
27.08 
24.35 
27.30 
31.18 
31.16 
23.64 
15.68 
17.21 
57.00 
41.45 
25.50 
16.70 
$320 
$10,077 
-$24,279 
$50 
$35,899 
$7.158 
$1.183 
$342 
$1,353 
$20,713 
42,754 
$7,008 
$700 
Total Gratitude America. LTD - Equities (MS) 
Traderate 
° 
• 
• 
•uantity 
• 
CI•sina rate 
Total
a 
$1,221,111 
Cast 
Cl a 
• • x 
$67,841 
• 
•Value 
Gain(L.ss)
Total J Epstein VI Foundation • Equities (DB) 
$0 
$0 
TOTAL EQUITIES SOLD 
$4,985,299 
-$544,918 
CLOSED OPTION POSITIONS 
Trade•ate 
• 
. . 
C•ntracts 
Ex•iry 
-rem 
. 
. •x 
. 
. •ate 
GainR•ss
9,20f l 7 October 17 Puts on AMU US 
(200) 
13.00 1012012017 
$0.7500 
$0.0000 
$0 10,20 2017 
$15.000 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity Options (DB) 
$15,000 
Trade•ate 
• 
• • 
C•ntracts 
Ex•iry 
•rem 
. 
. •x 
• 
. •ate 
Gain+L•ss
10/17/17 January 18 Puts on FXE US 
191 
112.00 1/19/2018 
$0.8900 
$1.2000 
$22.920 
30•Oct•17 
$5.921 
Total Southern Financial - Equity Options (TO) 
$22,920 
55,921 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Contracts 
Strike 
Expiry 
Initial Prem 
Closing Px 
Value 
Closing Date 
GaIntoss 
9,27:17 October 17 Calls on KRE US 
500 
53.00 1020.2017 
$1.0600 
$1.5800 
9,27117 October 17 Calls on HEW US 
770 
64.00 10/20/2017 
$0.6100 
$1.1500 
9/27117 October 17 Puts on HEW US 
770 
64.00 10/20/2017 
$0.6900 
$0.0000 
$78.000 
$88.550 
$0 
20.Sep.1 7 
9.Oct•17 
20.06.17 
$25.000 
$41.580 
453.130 
10/10/17 November 17 Calls on TWX US 
1,000 
100.00 11/17/2017 
$4.8000 
$0.8100 
10/10/17 November 17 Calls on TWX US 
(1,000) 
105.00 11/17/2017 
$1.0900 
$0.0300 
$81,000 
43.000 
30.06.17 
30.Oct•17 
4399.000 
$106.000 
9/19/17 RTY (1440.404) Outperoms SPX (2506.65) 
ATM 
15•Dec-17 
1.55% 
3.15% 
$1,355 
10.Oct•17 
$160.000 
I 
0.575 
0.578 
0.569%I 
Total Southern Trust - Equity Options (Merril° 
$245,905 
-$119,550 
EFTA00807465
--- PAGE 11 ---
"I"O'IAL OVTIONS CLOSED 
S268.825 
-S98.629 
CLOSED MUTUAL FUND POSITIONS 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Dividend 
Tit Return irrent Value 
Cost 
Closing Px 
Gainf(Loss) 
Southern Financial - Fl Fund - DB 
SO 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Dividend 
viz Return 
Jrrent Value 
Closing Px 
Gainf(Loss) 
Haze Trust - A Fund - DB 
SO 
Trade Date 
Asset Description 
Quantity 
Dividend 
no Return irrent Value 
Closing Px 
Gainf(Loss) 
Jeepers Fl Fund • DB 
SO 
TOTAL FUNDS SOLD 
SO 
SO 
EFTA00807466
--- PAGE 12 ---
CLOSED FIXED INCOME POSITIONS 
Trade 
Next Call 
Sell 
Closing 
Total Int 
Market 
Clean 
Total 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Date 
Cost 
Price 
Earned 
Value 
Gainaoss) 
Return 
Total Haze Trust - $1000 Ptds(DB) 
$0 
$0 
Trade 
Next Call 
Sell 
Closing 
Total Int 
Market 
Clean 
Total 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Date 
Cost 
Price 
Earned 
Value 
Gainaoss) 
Return 
Total Haze Trust - 325 Ptds (DB) 
$0 
Trade 
Next Call 
Sell 
Closing 
Total Int 
Market 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Date 
Cost 
Price 
Earned 
Value 
Date 
Quantity 
619/16 
1,000.000 WESTERN DIGITAL CORP 
7.375% 
4/1/2023 
6/9116 
1.000.000 WESTERN DIGITAL CORP 
7.375% 
4/1/2023 
Total Gratitude America .. Fixed Income MS 
4/1/2019 
9/19:2017 
$104.30 
109.50 
$94,360 
411/2019 
10/2/2017 
$104.30 
109.425 
$103,048 
51.095.000 
$1.094.250 
$2,189,250 
Clean 
Gaint(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
$51.997 
$146.357 
$51.247 
$154.295 
$103,244 
$300,652 
Date 
Cost 
Closing 
Value 
Total 
24.96 
$257 
G a iCrila(La on s$s5)
$5 
Earned 
Market 
Sell 
Total Inc 
Trade 
Next Call 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Price 
Return 
10,251 7 
10.000 AT&T INC 
5.35% 
I I:1,2066 
111112022 
30.Oa17 
S25.00 
$250.500 
$249.600 
($400) 
($143) 
9,26,17 
10.000 SPIRIT REALTY CAPITAL IN 
6.00% 
10/32022 
9:29;2017 
525.00 
25.05 
500,100 
(395) 
(138) 
TolalGradtude America - S25 Ptds (MS) 
Trade 
Next Call 
Sell 
Closing 
Total Int 
Market 
Clean 
Total 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Date 
Cost 
Price 
Earned 
Value 
Gain(Loss) 
Return 
Total Southern Trust Co. • 08 
$0 
$0 
Trade 
Next Call 
Sell 
Closing 
Total Int 
Market 
Clean 
Total 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Date 
Cost 
Price 
Earned 
Value 
Gal naoss) 
Return 
Total Southern Trust Co. • Fixed Income Merrill 
$0 
SO 
Trade 
Next Call 
Sell 
Closing 
Total Int 
Market 
Clean 
Total 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Date 
Cost 
Price 
Earned 
Value 
Gaiw(Loss) 
Return 
EFTA00807467
--- PAGE 13 ---
Total Southern Trust Co. - Mandatory Converts Merrill 
$0 
$0 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Next Call 
Date 
Sell 
Date 
Cost 
Closing 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gaint(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
Total Southern Trust Co. - $25 Plds MS 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
8,VI7 
100.000 INNOVIVA INC 
Coupon 
2.50% 
Maturity 
8,15,2025 
Next Call 
Date 
Field Not Appl 
Sell 
Date 
27-Sop.17 
Cost 
$100.000 
Closing 
Price 
103.45 
Total Int 
Earned 
$384 
$0 
SO 
Market 
Value 
$103.450 
Clean 
Gaint(Loss) 
$3.450 
Total 
Return 
$3.834 
Total Southern Trust Co. - $1000 Plds MS 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
9,29/17 
1,876.000 TV AZTECA SA DE CV 
Coupon 
7.63% 
Maturity 
9/18/2020 
Next Call 
Date 
11N!A Field No 
Sell 
Date 
27-Oct.17 
Cost 
$104.00 
Closing 
Price 
103.812 
Total Int 
Earned 
$12,933 
$103,450 
$3.450 
$3.834 
Market 
Value 
$642.682 
Clean 
Gairv(Loss) 
($3.527) 
Total 
Return 
$9.406 
Total Southern Financial LLC - $1000 Plds DB 
$642,682 
($3,527) 
$9,406 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Next Call 
Date 
Sell 
Date 
Cost 
Closing 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gaint(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
Total Southern Financial LLC • $25 Plds DB 
$0 
Trade 
Date 
Quantity 
Issuer 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Next Call 
Date 
Sell 
Date 
Cost 
Closing 
Price 
Total Int 
Earned 
Market 
Value 
Clean 
Gaint(Loss) 
Total 
Return 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Mortgages (DB) 
$0 
SO 
SO 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME SOLD 
$3,435,482 
$102,772 
$313,753 
EFTA00807468

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807469.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
I CALPA HAP 
IG
T
ROAU7.
P I
Report 
Consolidated Reporting Analysis 
as of: 
11/1/2017 
Entity 
Account Value as of: 
30-Sep-17 
Transfers In/(Out) of 
Account 
Adjusted Account 
Value as of: 
30-Sep•17 
Account Value as 
of: 
1-Nov-17 
Change in Account 
Value 
Haze Trust 
Jeepers Inc. 
J Epstein VI Foundation 
Southern Trust Company 
Southern Financial LLC 
Gratitude America - Andrew./Paula 
$ 
18,214.501 
S 
3.186.774 
S 
573.611 
$ 
72.563.054 
$ 
112.907.197 
S 
8,731.904 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
18.214,501 
$ 
3.186.774 
$ 
573.611 
$ 
72.563.054 
$ 
112.907,197 
$ 
8.731,904 
S 
18.350.944 
S 
3.227.083 
S 
565.792 
$ 
73.303.781 
$ 
121.981.391 
S 
9.160.759 
$ 
136,443 
$ 
40.309 
$ 
(7.819) 
$ 
740.727 
S 
9.074.194 
$ 
428.855 
Pending Cash 
S 
(2.125.868) 
Total 
Apple Position 
Adjusted Account Value ex Apple 
$ 
216,177,041 
$ 
48,393.680 
$ 
167,783,361 
$ 
$ 
216.177,041 
$ 
167.783.361 
S 
224,463,883 
S 
52.563.600 
S 
171,900,283 
Asset Allocation 
Change USD 
$ 
4.116,922 
Change % 
2.454% 
Entity 
Fixed Income 
Equities 
Mutual Funds 
Cash 
Other 
Total 
Haze Trust 
Jeepers Inc. 
J Epstein VI Foundation 
Southern Trust Company 
Southern Financial LLC 
Gratitude America- Andrew./Paula 
$10.460.920 
$34.760.194 
$29.088.983 
$3.311.070 
$557.305 
$16,586.371 
$81245.138 
$2264.597 
$2.279.655 
$1.707/07 
$3.016.063 
S 
5.610,369 
$1,519,376 
$8.487 
$21,957,216 
$8.631,207 
S 
3.585,092 
$18.350,944 
$3,227,083 
$565.792 
$73.303,781 
$121,981,391 
$9.160,759 
Total 
$77,621,167 
$100,653,411 
$7,003,425 S 
41,311,747 
SO 
$226,589,751 
Allocation 
34% 
44% 
3% 
18% 
0% 
Allocation ex Apple 
44% 
29% 
4% 
23% 
0% 
Oct-17 
Counterparty Exposure Report 
Entity 
Fixed Income 
Equities 
Mutual Funds 
Cash 
Other 
Total 
Deutsche Bank 
Merrill Lynch 
Morgan Stanley 
TD Ameritrade 
$42.433.548 
$7.798.479 
$27.389.140 
SO 
$76,543.987 
$13,377.031 
$5,473.937 
$5,234.236 
$7.003.425 
$0 
$0 
$0 
S 
15.628,643 
$20.746,054 
$4.065,050 
$872,000 
$141,609,603 
$41,921,565 
$36.928,127 
$6,106,236 
Total 
$77,621,167 
$100,629,191 
$7,003,425 
$41,311,747 
SO 
$226,565,531 
EFTA00807469

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807470.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY 
Case No. 502009CA040800X.XXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
JOINT PRETRIAL STIPULATION 
Pursuant to this Court's Order Specially Setting Jury Trial Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") and Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley Edwards ("Edwards") hereby 
submit this Joint Pretrial Stipulation. 
A. 
List of All Pending Motions: The trial of this matter is special set to commence on March 
13, 2018. The parties anticipate that additional Motions will be filed before that date. 
Presently, the following Motions/Requests are pending: 
1. 
10/5/17, Epstein's Motion for Sanctions Pursuant to Violation of Confidential 
Settlement Agreement Against Edwards and His Counsel; 
a. 
11/8/17, Edwards' Response in Opposition. 
2. 
10/26/17, Edwards' four Motions to Compel and the following related filing: 
a. 
11/27/17, Epstein's Omnibus Response in Opposition to Edwards' Four 
Motions to Compel. 
3. 
10/26/17, Edwards' Motion for Protective Order. 
4. 
11/6/17, Epstein's Supplemental Motion to Compel Discovery, and the following 
related filings: 
a. 
11/15/17, Edwards' Response in Opposition to Epstein's Supplemental 
Motion to Compel Discovery; 
b. 
9/25/17, Epstein's Motion to Compel Discovery Responses from Edwards; 
EFTA00807470
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 2 
c. 
9/28/17, Edwards' Memorandum in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel 
Discovery Responses; 
d. 
9/25/17, Epstein's Motion to Strike Edwards' Discovery Objections and to 
Compel Responses; and 
e. 
9/28/17, Edwards' Response to Epstein's Motion to Strike Discovery 
Objections and to Compel Responses. 
5. 
11/8/17, Edwards' Request for Judicial Notice Pursuant to Florida Statutes Section 
90.202 and 90.203, and the following related filings: 
a. 
11/17/17, Epstein's Objection to Edwards' Request for Judicial Notice; and 
b. 
11/28/17, Epstein's Notice of Filing Supplemental Authority. 
6. 
11/17/17, Edwards' Objection to Notice of Production from Non-Parties and the 
following related filing: 
a. 
11/13/17, Epstein's Notice of Production from Non-Parties. 
7. 
11/22/17, Epstein's Request for Judicial Notice. 
8. 
12/1/17, Edwards' Motion for Leave to Propound Limited Requests for 
Admission. 
9. 
12/4/17, Edwards' Notice of Filing Deposition Transcript Excerpts and Discovery 
Responses by Epstein Implicating the Fifth Amendment (as to Sections II — V 
only). 
10. 
12/4/17, Edwards' Notice of Filing Deposition Transcript Excerpts and Discovery 
Responses by Epstein Implicating the Attorney-Client Privilege. 
11. 
12/4/17, Edwards' Request for Judicial Notice Pursuant to Florida Statutes Section 
90.202 and 90.203. 
12. 
12/8/17, Edwards' Notice of Filing Preliminary Objections and Counter 
Designations to Epstein's Deposition Designations. 
13. 
12/11/17, Edwards' Supplemental Motion in Limine Addressing Scope of 
Admissible Evidence. 
EFTA00807471
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 3 
B. 
Stipulated Facts: 
1. 
On June 30, 2008, Epstein entered a guilty plea for one count of felony solicitation 
of prostitution, a third-degree felony, and one count of procuring a person under 
the age of 18 for prostitution, a second-degree felony. (Plea, D.E. 1107.) 
2. 
Epstein's plea did not involve Edwards' clients (E.W., L.M. and Jane Doe). 
3. 
Edwards took The Florida Bar Exam in July 2001. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 43:4-
6.) 
4. 
Edwards was admitted to The Florida Bar in March 2002. (Edwards' 11/10/17 
Depo. 43:10-12.) 
5. 
The Florida Bar raised concerns about Edwards' Character and Fitness Evaluation 
because of two arrest charges. One related to a juvenile underage drinking charge 
and the other related to the possession of a prescription drug without a prescription. 
(Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 43:13-46:8.) 
6. 
After being admitted to the Florida Bar, Edwards worked as an Assistant State 
Attorney at the Broward State Attorney's Office for approximately three years. 
(Edwards' 5/15/13 Depo. 6:11-15; Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 50:3-5.) 
7. 
In March 2008, Edwards, along with others, was sued by Donald Baker relating to 
his work at the Broward State Attorney's Office. (Edwards' 5/15/13 Depo. 52:18-
19; 54:10-11; Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 51:15-18; 3/3/08 Complaint, Donald D. 
Baker v. The City of Hollywood, et aL, United States District Court, Southern 
District of Florida, Case No. 08-60294 (M. 1).) 
8. 
Donald Baker alleged in his Complaint that Edwards falsely testified at an 
evidentiary hearing and conspired to mislead the court concerning a tampered 
video. (3/3/08 Complaint, ¶¶ 26, 41, 48, Donald D. Baker v. The City of Hollywood, 
et aL, United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 08-60294 
(D.E. 1).) 
9. 
The allegations against Edwards in the Baker action were dismissed in June 2008. 
(Edwards' 5/15/13 Depo. 54:12-13; 6/17/08 Omnibus Order on Defendants' 
Motions to Dismiss, Donald D. Baker v. The City of Hollywood, et aL, United States 
District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 08-60294 (D.E. 79).) 
EFTA00807472
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 4 
10. 
After leaving the Broward State Attorney's Office, Edwards went to work for the 
law firm of Kubicki Draper, where he worked for approximately three years 
handling insurance defense matters. (Edwards' 5/15/13 Depo. 7:3-10; Edwards' 
11/10/17 Depo. 56:10-58:5.) 
11. 
Edwards formed a Florida limited liability company on April 16, 2007, by the name 
of "The Law Office of Brad Edwards & Associates, LLC." (Sunbiz.org.) 
12. 
Edwards did not employ any attorneys while he practiced law under the name of 
"The Law Office of Brad Edwards & Associates, LLC." (Edwards' 3/23/10 Depo. 
65:18-66:1; Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 55:17-22.) 
13. 
Edwards never read Florida Bar Rule 4-7.21 which provides a sole practitioner may 
not use the term "and Associates" as part of a firm name. (Edwards' 11/10/17 
Depo. 56:3-9.) 
14. 
Edwards began working at Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler, P.A. ("RRA") in April 
2009. (Edwards' 3/23/10 Depo. 13:19-22.) 
15. 
Edwards' association with RRA terminated at the end of October or beginning of 
November 2009. (Edwards' 3/23/10 Depo. 15:5-11.) 
16. 
While an employee of RRA, Edwards represented himself to the public, including 
Epstein, as a partner of RRA. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 189:22-192:9.) 
17. 
Scott Rothstein ("Rothstein") was the managing partner and CEO of RRA. 
(Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 267:12-13.) 
18. 
Rothstein voluntarily relinquished his law license in November 2009 and was 
disbarred by the Florida Supreme Court on November 25, 2009. (11/25/09 
Opinion, The Florida Bar v. Rothstein, Supreme Court of Florida, Case No. SC09-
2146.) 
19. 
Rothstein was arrested and arraigned in federal court in Broward County, Florida on 
December 1, 2009. (12/1/09 Information, United States of America v. Rothstein, 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 09-60331 (D.E. 
EFTA00807473
--- PAGE 5 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 5 
20. 
In August and September 2008, while working as a sole practitioner at The Law 
Office of Brad Edwards & Associates, LLC, Edwards filed three separate lawsuits 
against Epstein on behalf of three separate clients: L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe. 
(8/14/08 Complaint, Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein, United States District Court, 
Southern District of Florida, Case No. 08-CV-80893 (D.E. 1); 9/11/08 Complaint, 
L.M. v. Jeffrey Epstein, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 
50-2008-CA-028051 (D.E. 4); 9/11/08 Complaint, E.W. v. Jeffrey Epstein, 15th 
Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 50-2008-CA-028058 (D.E. 
4).) 
21. 
Epstein does not admit or deny the truth of the allegations in the lawsuits brought by 
Edwards' three clients (L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe) against him, but Epstein does 
not challenge that Edwards, as a lawyer, had a good-faith basis for bringing their 
lawsuits against Epstein. 
22. 
When Edwards began working for RRA, he turned over the ownership of his files, 
including the cases filed by L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe against Epstein, to RRA. 
(Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 338:7-9; 338:17-24.) 
23. 
Rothstein was one of the two equity shareholders at RRA who was ultimately 
responsible for the L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe cases filed against Epstein. (Edwards' 
11/10/17 Depo. 338:25-339:7.) 
24. 
While an employee of RRA, Edwards was the lead attorney on the L.M., E.W. and 
Jane Doe cases against Epstein. (Edwards' 11/20/17 Depo. 78:3-6; 120:11-18.) 
25. 
While an employee of RRA, Edwards was the sole employee of RRA who made 
strategic decisions on the L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe cases against Epstein. 
(Edwards' 11/20/17 Depo. 85:2-15.) 
26. 
While an employee of RRA, Edwards had frequent meetings with others who 
worked at the law firm to brainstorm what to do on the L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
cases against Epstein. (Edwards' 10/10/13 Depo. 143:17-20.) 
27. 
There were at least eighteen attorneys, investigators and staff members at RRA 
working on the L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe cases against Epstein. (2/23/11 Privilege 
Log of Farmer, Jaffee, et al., In re Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A., Case No. 09-
3479 I -RBR.) 
EFTA00807474
--- PAGE 6 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 6 
28. 
Rothstein planned to try the L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe cases against Epstein with 
Edwards. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 321:23-322:2; 338:1-9.) 
29. 
Rothstein communicated with Edwards on at least three occasions about the Epstein 
files. (Edwards' 3/23/10 Depo. 112:12-16; 113:10-14.) 
30. 
While an employee of RRA, Edwards did not represent any individuals other than 
L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe with regard to claims against Epstein. (Edwards' 3/23/10 
Depo. 291:8; Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 77:1-7.) 
31. 
On July 24, 2009, while Edwards was employed by RRA, a Complaint was filed on 
behalf of L.M. in the United States District Court for the Southern District of 
Florida. (7/24/09 Complaint, L.M. v. Jeffrey Epstein, United States District Court, 
Southern District of Florida, Case No. 09-CV-81092 (D.E. 1).) 
32. 
Although Edwards' name is the only name that appears under the signature block on 
the L.M. federal Complaint and Civil Cover Sheet, Edwards did not sign the 
Complaint or Civil Cover Sheet and he does not know whose signature appears on 
those documents. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 171:23-178:23; 7/24/09 Complaint 
and Civil Cover Sheet, L.M. v. Jef•ey Epstein, United States District Court, 
Southern District of Florida, Case No. 09-CV-81092 (D.E. 1).) 
33. 
L.M. already had a state court action pending against Epstein at the time the July 24, 
2009, federal Complaint was filed which was based on the same facts and 
circumstances. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 316:11-20.) 
34. 
Edwards never formally served Epstein with the federal Complaint that was filed on 
behalf of L.M. against Epstein. (Edwards' 5/15/13 Depo. 34:10-20.) 
35. 
L.M.'s July 24, 2009, federal Complaint against Epstein alleged that Epstein forced 
her into "oral sex" yet L.M. testified that she never engaged in oral, anal or vaginal 
intercourse with Epstein and she never touched his genitalia. (Edwards' Answer to 
Complaint ¶ 42(j) (D.E. 19).) 
36. 
While Edwards was employed by RRA he made the decision to take the deposition 
of three pilots who had flown, at different times, airplanes owned or used by 
Epstein, and sought the deposition of a fourth pilot as part of the litigation against 
Epstein. (Edwards' Answer to Complaint ¶ 36 (D.E. 19).) 
EFTA00807475
--- PAGE 7 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 7 
37. 
On August 24, 2009, L.M. noticed the depositions of Epstein's pilots Lawrence 
Paul Visoski, Jr., and David Hart Rogers. L.M. requested they produce "[a]ll 
original flight logs from January, 1998 through present for any and all 
aircraft/airplanes/jets which [they] piloted or co-piloted that were owned or 
controlled by Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell." (8/24/09 Notices of 
Deposition and Subpoena Duces Tecums, 
v. Jeffrey Epstein, 15th Judicial 
Circuit, Palm Beach County, Case No. 50-2008-CA-028051-XX XX-MB 
(M. 114, 115).) 
38. 
Edwards' three clients (M., E.W. and Jane Doe) never traveled on Epstein's 
airplanes. (Edwards' 3/23/10 Depo. 53:2-20; Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 166:10-
167:2.) 
39. 
While Edwards was employed by RRA, he had discussions with others working 
there and counsel for other plaintiffs who had cases against Epstein, about taking 
the depositions of Donald Trump, Alan Dershowitz, Bill Clinton and David 
Copperfield as part of the litigation against Epstein. (Edwards' 3/23/10 Depo. 
283:5-9, Ex. 3 7/22/09 Letter; Edwards' 10/10/13 Depo. 206:22-207:4; 208:23-
209:10; Edwards' Answer to Complaint 138 (M. 19).) 
40. 
In August 2009, while Edwards was employed by RRA, he noticed the deposition 
of Donald Trump in the Jane Doe litigation. (8/11/09 and 8/24/09, Re-Notices of 
Taking Videotaped Depositions, Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein, United States District 
Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 08-80893.) 
41. 
While Edwards was employed by RRA, he served Answers to Interrogatories on 
behalf of-. 
and E.W. indicating that he intended to call Bill Richardson, who is 
the governor of New Mexico, as a trial witness as part of Edwards' clients' litigation 
against Epstein. (Edwards' Answer to Complaint ¶ 40 (M. 19).) 
42. 
Edwards' three clients (M., E.W. and Jane Doe) never testified that they had sex 
with a celebrity, dignitary or international figure associated with Epstein. 
(Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 167:21-168:10.) 
43. 
While Edwards was employed by RRA, he sought discovery from Dr. Leonard 
Bard, a sex therapist in Massachusetts, about treatment Epstein may have received. 
44. 
Epstein never sought advice or treatment from Dr. Leonard Bard, a sex therapist in 
Massachusetts. 
EFTA00807476
--- PAGE 8 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 8 
45. 
In August 2009, Edwards, on behalf of his client E.W., served a Request for Entry 
Upon Land seeking to inspect Epstein's entire home and property and to take videos 
and photograph it. (8/10/09, Request for Entry Upon Land, E.W. v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
15'h Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Case No. 50-2008-CA-028058-XXX-
MB (M. 143).) 
46. 
On August 20, 2009, the Court in the E.W. matter noted that E.W.'s request to 
inspect Epstein's entire home and property was withdrawn. (8/20/09, Order on 
Plaintiff's Request for Entry Upon Land, E.W. v. Jeffrey Epstein, 15th Judicial 
Circuit, Palm Beach County, Case No. 50-2008-CA-028058-XXX-MB 
151).) 
47. 
In August and September 2009, Edwards, on behalf of his client M., served 
Notices of Production from Non-Parties evidencing his intent to obtain Epstein's 
medical records from Stephen Alexander, Bruce W. Markowitz and Charles J. 
Galecki. The Subpoenas sought, "[t]he complete medical file including MRIs, 
scans, X-rays and any other diagnostic test result, Intake Form, notes, reports, 
opinions, correspondence to or from third parties, correspondence to or from Jeffrey 
Epstein, referrals, medical bills, in short, our complete file." (8/19/09 and 9/11/09, 
Notice of Production from Non-Party, M. v. Jeffrey Epstein, 15th Judicial Circuit, 
Palm Beach County, Case No. 50-2008-CA-028051-XXX X -MB (M. 105, 
127, 129).) 
48. 
On August 14, 2019, Edwards, on behalf of his client •., 
served Notices of 
Production from Non-Parties evidencing his intent to obtain Epstein's prescription 
history from Lewis Pharmacy and Greens Pharmacy. The Subpoenas sought, "[a] 
complete computer printout of any and all prescriptions for medication, name and 
type of prescription, and all other documentation or information on or regarding 
Jeffrey Epstein." (8/14/09, Notice of Production from Non-Party, M. v. Jeffrey 
Epstein, 15th Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Case No. 50-2008-CA-
028051-XXXX-MB (M. 97, 100).) 
49. 
In September 2009, while Edwards was employed by RRA, one of his clients 
)
testified at a deposition in her case against Epstein and made statements that 
were inconsistent with statements she had made about Epstein in 2007 to the FBI. 
50. 
On June 19, 2009, Edwards, on behalf of his Jane Doe client, filed a Motion for 
Injunction Restraining Fraudulent Transfer of Assets, Appointment of a Receiver 
EFTA00807477
--- PAGE 9 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 9 
to Take Charge of Property of Epstein, and to Post a $15 Million Bond to Secure 
Potential Judgment. (6/19/09 Motion, Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jef•ey Epstein, United 
States District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 08-CV-80119 
165).) 
51. 
On November 5, 2009, the Federal Court denied Jane Doe's Motion finding that it 
was "entirely devoid of evidence of [Epstein's] alleged fraudulent transfers." The 
Federal Court further found that the evidence that Edwards presented (Epstein 
transferring title to approximately five vehicles) was clearly de minimis, 
"particularly in light of [Jane Doe's] repeated characterization of [Epstein] as a 
'billionaire.'" (11/5/09 Order, Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein, United States 
District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 08-CV-80119 
400).) 
52. 
Rothstein used details of Edwards' legitimate cases on behalf of M., E.W. and 
Jane Doe against Epstein to lure investors into purchasing some fictitious cases 
against Epstein that never existed. (Edwards' 5/15/13 Depo. 29:19-30:4; Edwards' 
11/10/17 Depo. 123:8-17; 160:23-161:7.) 
53. 
Edwards never had a $30 million pre-suit settlement agreement with Epstein. 
(Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 161:8-10.) 
54. 
Epstein never offered $200 million to settle Edwards' claims for E.W., M. and 
Jane Doe. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 161:11-14.) 
55. 
In July 2010, Epstein settled the claims of Edwards' three clients (E.W., •. 
and 
Jane Doe). (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 305:2-3.) 
56. 
Nothing Epstein did in this lawsuit impacted Edwards' professional obligations in 
representing his three clients. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 204:5-12; 205:10 -
206:5.) 
57. 
The settlements Edwards negotiated with Epstein on behalf of his three clients 
(E.W., •. 
and Jane Doe) were fair. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 206:1-4; 214:19-
215:5.) 
58. 
The United States government filed a civil asset forfeiture action on November 9, 
2009, against property owned by Rothstein, based on, among other things, 
allegations of wire fraud and fraudulent statements about structured settlements to 
investors. This proceeding was part of the public record as of the date it was filed. 
EFTA00807478
--- PAGE 10 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 10 
(11/9/09 Verified Complaint for Forfeiture In Rem, United States v. Real Properties 
Purchased by Scott Rothstein, United States District Court, Southern District of 
Florida, Case No. 09-CV-61780 
1).) 
59. 
The Ponzi scheme through which Rothstein and his co-conspirators misrepresented 
claims and defrauded investors began in 2005 and continued through November 
2009. (11/9/09 Verified Complaint for Forfeiture In Rem ¶ 13, United States v. 
Real Properties Purchased by Scott Rothstein, United States District Court, 
Southern District of Florida, Case No. 09-CV-61780 
1).) 
60. 
On November 20, 2009, certain investors of Rothstein's Ponzi scheme sued 
Rothstein and others in the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit Court, in and for Broward 
County, Florida. The Complaint alleged, among other things, that RRA was using 
one lawsuit against Epstein, the promise of three or more additional lawsuits against 
Epstein, a fabricated $30 million pre-suit settlement with Epstein, and the fabricated 
claim that Epstein had offered $200 million to settle claims held by other 
individuals. This lawsuit was part of the public record as of the date it was filed. 
(11/20/09 Complaint, Razorback Funding, LLC, et at v. Scott Rothstein, et at, 17th 
Judicial 
Circuit 
Court, 
Broward 
County, 
Florida, 
Case 
No. 
062009CA062943AXXXCE.) 
61. 
The United States government filed an Information for racketing conspiracy against 
Rothstein on or about December 1, 2009, which alleged that RRA was a criminal 
enterprise that was used by Rothstein and his co-conspirators to unlawfully obtain 
approximately $1.2 billion from investors. This lawsuit was public record as of the 
date it was filed. (12/1/09 Information, United States of America v. Rothstein, 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 09-60331.) 
62. 
On December 7, 2009, Epain filed a civil Complaint in this action against 
Rothstein, Edwards and M. 
(12/7/09 Complaint, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott 
Rothstein, et at, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 
502009CA40800XXXMB 
5).) 
63. 
On December 21, 2009, just 17 days after Epstein instituted the proceeding, 
Edwards filed a Counterclaim for abuse of process against Epstein. (12/21/09 
Answer and Counterclaim, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et at, 15th Judicial 
Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB 
19).) 
64. 
Edwards represented M. in this litigation. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 255:5-11.) 
EFTA00807479
--- PAGE 11 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 11 
65. 
Edwards did not charge M. for his representation of her this litigation. (Edwards' 
11/10/17 Depo. 255:12-19; 257:23-258:1.) 
66. 
Edwards did not enter into any representation agreement with M. concerning his 
representation of her in this litigation. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 255:20-256:8; 
258:2-4.) 
67. 
M. did not sign a conflicts waiver acknowledging Edwards' representation of her 
in this litigation, while he was also a named Defendant. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 
256:9-25; 258:5-7.) 
68. 
On January 21, 2010, a Default was entered against Rothstein in this litigation as to 
all claims in the December 7, 2009, Complaint against Rothstein. (1/21/10 Default, 
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et aL, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach 
County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB 
27).) 
69. 
In early August 2010, M. and Epaein entered into a Stipulation for Order of 
Dismissal With Prejudice as to M. Individually, Only. (8/5/10 Stipulation, 
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et aL, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach 
County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB 
112).) 
70. 
On Au ust 9, 2010, the Court entered a Final Order of Dismissal With Prejudice as 
to 
M
.
Only approving M. and Epstein's Stipulation. (8/9/10 Final Order, 
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et aL, I5'h Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach 
County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB 
113).) 
71. 
On January 5, 2011, Epstein moved to amend his Complaint, to eliminate certain 
paragraphs. (1/5/11 Plaintiff's Motion to Amend Complaint, Jeffrey Epstein v. 
Scott Rothstein, et al., 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 
502009CA40800XXXMB 
195).) 
72. 
On April 12, 2011, Epstein filed an Amended Complaint against Rothstein and 
Edwards for abuse of process. (4/12/11 Amended Complaint, Jeffrey Epstein v. 
Scott Rothstein, et al., 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 
502009CA40800XXXMB 
303).) 
73. 
On August 22, 2011, Epstein filed a Second Amended Complaint, which was 
corrected on August 24, 2011, bringing a claim for abuse of process against 
EFTA00807480
--- PAGE 12 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 12 
Edwards and for conspiracy to commit abuse of process against Rothstein. (8/22/11 
Second Amended Complaint and 8/24/11 Notice of Scrivener's Error and Corrected 
Second Amended Complaint, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et aL, 15'h Judicial 
Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 368, 
370).) 
74. 
On August 23, 2011, Edwards moved to dismiss Epstein's Second Amended 
Complaint. (8/23/11 Motion to Dismiss Second Amended Complaint, Jeffrey 
Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et at, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, 
Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 385).) 
75. 
On October 4, 2011, the Court denied Edwards' Motion to Dismiss Second 
Amended Complaint finding that the allegations were sufficient to plead a cause of 
action for abuse of process against Edwards. (10/4/11 Order on Motion to Dismiss 
Plaintiff's Second Amended Complaint, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et a(., 
15th 
Judicial 
Circuit 
Court, 
Palm 
Beach 
County, 
Case 
No. 
502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 389).) 
76. 
On November 3, 2011, Edwards moved for Final Summary Judgment on Epstein's 
Second Amended Complaint. (11/3/11 Renewed Motion for Final Summary 
Judgment, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et aL, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm 
Beach County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 401).) 
77. 
The Court set a hearing on Edwards' Renewed Motion for Final Summary 
Judgment on February 23, 2012. (11/28/11 Order on Motion to Schedule Hearing 
on Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Renewed Motion for Summary Judgment, Jeffrey 
Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et at, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, 
Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB 
423).) 
78. 
On February 13, 2012, Epstein asked the Court to reschedule the February 23, 2012, 
hearing on Edwards' Renewed Motion for Final Summary Judgment to allow 
Epstein the opportunity to conduct the deposition of Scott Rothstein. (2/13/12 
Motion to Continue Hearing on Edwards' Renewed Motion for Summary 
Judgment, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et aL, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm 
Beach County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 455).) 
79. 
On February 15, 2012, the Court granted Epstein's request to reschedule the 
February 23, 2012, hearing on Edwards' Renewed Motion for Final Summary 
Judgment. (2/15/12 Order on Epstein's Motion to Continue Hearing on Edwards' 
EFTA00807481
--- PAGE 13 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 13 
Renewed Motion for Summary Judgment, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et al., 
15th 
Judicial 
Circuit 
Court, 
Palm 
Beach 
County, 
Case 
No. 
502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 457).) 
80. 
The Court reset the hearing on Edwards' Renewed Motion for Final Summary 
Judgment to July 27, 2012. (3/9/12 Order on Status Conference Held March 6, 
2012, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et at, 15'h Judicial Circuit Court, Palm 
Beach County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 461).) 
81. 
Edwards appeared in this action as his own co-counsel on March 27, 2012, before 
the suit against him was dismissed. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 257:7-22; 3/27/12 
Notice of Appearance, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et al., 15th Judicial Circuit 
Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 468).) 
82. 
On April 11, 2012, Epstein supplemented his February 8, 2012, Motion to Compel. 
In the supplement, Epstein argued that, because of issues injected in the litigation 
and statements made in Edwards' Renewed Motion for Summary Judgment 
supporting documents, Edwards had waived his claim of privilege and should be 
compelled to produce documents previously withheld. 
(4/11/12 Epstein's 
Supplement to Motion to Compel Production of Documents from Edwards and for 
Sanctions, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et at, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm 
Beach County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 473).) 
83. 
On May 7, 2012, the Court found that Edwards' production was insufficient on its 
face and ordered Edwards to file a more complete privilege log within 30 days. 
(5/7/12 Order on Epstein's Motion to Compel Production of Documents from 
Edwards and for Sanctions, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et at, 15th Judicial 
Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 
483).) 
84. 
On May 15, 2012, and May 30, 2012, Epstein moved to compel Edwards' for, 
among other things, compliance with the Court's Order. Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott 
Rothstein, et at, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 
502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 487, 494).) 
85. 
On May 15, 2012, Edwards sought clarification of the Court's May 7, 2012, Order. 
5/15/12 Motion for Clarification of Recent Discovery Orders, Jeffley Epstein v. 
Scott Rothstein, et al., 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 
502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 485).) 
EFTA00807482
--- PAGE 14 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 14 
86. 
The Court reset the hearing on Edwards' Renewed Motion for Final Summary 
Judgment from July 27, 2012, to August 17, 2012, at Edwards' counsel's request 
because of a scheduling conflict. 
(7/26/12 Order on Edwards' Motion to 
Reschedule Hearing, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et aL, 15th Judicial Circuit 
Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 512).) 
87. 
On August 3, 2012, the Court heard argument on Epstein's outstanding discovery 
motions and ordered Edwards to produce certain documents. 
88. 
On August 8, 2012, Epstein moved to continue the August 17, 2012, hearing on 
Edwards' Motion to Reschedule Hearing, arguing that there was still outstanding 
discovery. (8/8/12 Plaintiff's Motion to Continue Summary Judgment Hearing, 
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et aL, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach 
County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 517).) 
89. 
On August 16, 2012, the Court denied Epstein's request to continue the August 17, 
2012, hearing on Edwards' Renewed Motion for Final Summary Judgment. 
(8/16/12 Order on Plaintiff's Motion to Continue Summary Judgment Hearing, 
Jay 
Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et aL, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach 
County, Case No. 502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 518).) 
90. 
Epstein dismissed his claims without prejudice against Edwards on August 16, 
2012. (8/16/12 Notice of Voluntary Dismissal, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, 
et aL, 
15'h Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 
502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 519).) 
91. 
On August 17, 2012, the Court vacated the May 7, 2012, Order and stated that, 
within 10 days from the date of the Order, "Edwards shall file a written response 
specifically addressing the production sought in Paragraph 13 of Epstein's Motion 
to Compel and Amend Protective Order of March 9, 2012 as Ordered in this Court's 
April 10, 2012 Order. The response shall identify non-privileged responsive 
documents previously produced, shall be accompanied by all non-privileged 
responsive documents not previously produced, if any, and shall identify, in a 
proper privilege log as referenced in this Court's May 7, 2012 Order responsive 
documents withheld from production on the basis of any assertion of privilege. 
(8/17/12 Order on Outstanding Discovery Motions, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott 
Rothstein, et at, 15th Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Case No. 
502009CA40800XXXMB (M. 521).) 
EFTA00807483
--- PAGE 15 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 15 
92. 
Edwards' income as a lawyer has been collectively greater from January 2010 to the 
present than it was from 2002 when Edwards started practicing law through January 
2010. (Edwards' 11/10/17 Depo. 47:10-14; 49:4-13.) 
93. 
Edwards did not lose a single client as a result of the lawsuit Epstein filed against 
him. (Edwards' 5/15/13 Depo. 26:20.) 
94. 
Edwards is not claiming an economic loss as a result of his reputation being injured 
by Epstein's filing and continuation of this lawsuit. (Edwards' 10/10/13 Depo. 
239:21-22.) 
95. 
On August 17, 2012, Edwards' lawyer, Jack Scarola, made a public statement to the 
press which successfully discredited Epstein's claims against Edwards. (Jansen's 
12/1/17 Depo. 62:20-25.) 
96. 
Edwards has not seen a doctor or taken any medication as a result of the anxiety 
caused by this lawsuit. (Edwards' 5/15/13 Depo. 57:23-58:5; Edwards' 11/10/17 
Depo. 112:11-20.) 
C. 
Statement of Issues of Fact for Determination at Trial: 
1. 
Case Against Rothstein. What are the damages to Epstein his claims against 
Rothstein? 
2. 
Malicious Prosecution Counterclaim. 
The following are issues of fact for 
determination at trial on Edwards' Counterclaim against Epstein: 
A. 
Whether, in December 2009, when Epstein instituted his civil proceeding 
against Edwards, the facts and circumstances known to Epstein were not 
sufficiently strong to support a reasonable belief that the proceeding against 
Edwards was supported by existing facts and, thus, Epstein did not have 
probable cause to institute his civil proceeding. (Epstein disputes this a jury 
issue.) 
B. 
Whether, after instituting the civil proceeding, information sufficiently 
strong to demonstrate that Epstein no longer had probable cause to continue 
EFTA00807484
--- PAGE 16 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 16 
the civil proceeding came to his attention and he continued with the civil 
proceeding anyway. 
C. 
Whether Epstein instituted or continued his civil proceeding against 
Edwards maliciously and without probable cause for the primary purpose 
of injuring Edwards or recklessly and without regard for whether the 
proceeding was justified. 
D. 
Whether the institution or continuation of the civil proceeding by Epstein 
against Edwards resulted directly and in natural and continuous sequence 
from Epstein's actions and, but for Epstein's actions, the proceeding would 
not have been instituted or continued. 
E. 
Whether Epstein's civil proceeding against Edwards terminated in favor of 
Edwards and, if so, whether that action was a legal cause of damage to 
Edwards. 
F. 
Whether the institution or continuation of the civil proceeding by Epstein 
against Edwards caused damage to Edwards and, but for the malicious 
institution or continuation of the proceeding, Edwards' damage would not 
have occurred. 
G. 
What amount of money will fairly and adequately compensate Edwards for 
his compensatory damages that resulted from Epstein's institution or 
continuation of the civil proceeding against Edwards. 
H. 
Whether Epstein was guilty of intentional misconduct or gross negligence 
which was a substantial cause of Edwards' damages. 
I. 
Whether punitive damages are warranted as punishment to Epstein for 
instituting or continuing his civil proceeding against Edwards and as a 
deterrent to others. 
J. 
Whether the claimed damage is a result of statements made after the 
institution of the civil proceeding and thus protected by the litigation 
privilege, even if any such statements are found to be untrue. 
EFTA00807485
--- PAGE 17 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 17 
K. 
Bifurcated Proceeding: What amount, if any, should be assessed against 
Epstein for punitive damages as a punishment for instituting or continuing 
his civil proceeding against Edwards and as a deterrent to others. 
D. 
Exhibit Lists (with Objections): The parties do not waive their right to amend their 
Exhibit Lists and to identify additional objections for those exhibits that have not yet been 
disclosed and/or provided to correspond with the parties' respective Exhibit Lists. 
I. 
Edwards' Exhibit List and Epstein's Objections are attached as Composite 
Exhibit A. 
2. 
Epstein's Exhibit List and Edwards' Objections are attached as Composite 
Exhibit B. 
E. 
Witness Lists: The parties do not waive their right to amend their Witness Lists. 
I . 
Edwards' Witness List is attached as Exhibit C. 
Epstein's Witness List is attached as Exhibit D. 
F. 
Estimated Trial Time: 15-20 trial days 
G. 
Names. Addresses, and Telephone Numbers of Attorney s to Its the Case: 
For Jeffrey Epstein: 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
For Bradley J. Edwards: 
Jack Scarola 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL33409 
EFTA00807486
--- PAGE 18 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
Page 18 
H. 
Number of Peremptory Challenges Per Party: 
I. 
Each Party's proposed jury instructions and verdict form, with citations to 
supporting authorities: 
1. 
Edwards' proposed jury instructions and verdict fonn are attached as Composite 
Exhibit E. 
2. 
Epstein's proposed jury instructions and verdict form are attached as Composite 
Exhibit F. 
DATED: December 15, 2017. 
SEARCY, DENNY, SCAROLA, 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
(561) 686-6300; (561) 383-9451 [fax] 
By:/s/
Jack Scarola (FBN 169440) 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 727-3600; (561) 727-3601 [fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Angela M. Many (FBN 26680) 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807487

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807488.pdf
----------------------------------------
In his Motion in Limine, Edwards asks this court to exclude from the jury's consideration 
a substantial body of evidence consisting largely of written email communications by or to 
Edwards which are directly relevant to issues that Edwards himself has made central to this 
case. 
Edwards Motion is based entirely on the argument that "Epstein cannot establish that 
he had probable cause to sue Bradley Edwards by relying upon evidence that he did not know 
about at the time he filed suit. All testimony and evidence regarding the internal activities at 
RRA learned subsequent to December 7, 2009 and offered to support the existence of probable 
cause are irrelevant to issues in the pending proceeding and should be excluded from evidence 
on that basis." (Mot. at ¶ 2.) As set forth in Epstein's Response, after Epstein filed suit against 
Edwards on December 7, 2009, the evidence that Edwards produced to Epstein in discovery 
gave Epstein additional justification to continue litigating that suit against Edwards, and it 
would be reversible error to hold that Epstein cannot offer this compelling evidence to the jury. 
Although this alone is more than ample reason to deny Edwards Motion as to all of the 
evidence produced by Edwards to Epstein after he filed suit on December 7, 2009, it is most 
assuredly not the only reason. 
Edwards has conceded that he has incurred no economic loss for which he seeks 
recovery in his malicious prosecution case against Epstein. Instead, Edwards seeks damages 
based on mental and emotional anxiety he claims to have suffered from the negative 
allegations in the lawsuit Epstein filed against Edwards. Among the undeniably relevant 
evidence in the materials Edwards asks this court to exclude from the jury's consideration, is an 
email communication from Edwards himself, a little more than a month before Epstein filed suit 
against Edwards, in which Edwards specifically asks if there is "any way to bait [Epstein] into 
suing me?"(Doc. 4408). This email not only provides direct evidence that Edwards intended to 
engage in litigation related conduct to goad Epstein into bringing suit against him, but it also 
clearly demonstrates that Edwards could not possibly have suffered any anxiety or resulting 
damages from a lawsuit that he hoped he could cause Epstein to file against him. 
Epstein already has provided ample direct extrinsic evidence that at the time he filed 
suit, he had probable cause to commence litigation against Edwards. Edwards has not disputed 
any of the evidence cited by Epstein. He has, in fact, corroborated much of it. Instead, Edwards 
claims that Epstein did not rely on the evidence Epstein cited to establish probable cause. 
Edwards provides no direct evidence that Epstein did not rely on the cited evidence, such as a 
writing or admissions from Epstein. Rather, Edwards claims that Epstein could not reasonably 
have relied on the cited evidence. 
As an example, Edwards takes issue with Epstein's reliance on the allegations in a civil 
suit by defrauded Ponzi scheme investors to support probable cause for Epstein's separate 
lawsuit against Edwards. In their lawsuit, the Ponzi scheme investors alleged that litigation 
EFTA00807488
--- PAGE 2 ---
strategies pursued in the cases Edwards was litigating against Epstein (the "Epstein Cases") 
while he was a partner at RRA were motivated by a need to "gin up" the value of the Epstein 
Cases in order to attract investors to the Ponzi scheme. Time and again in filed pleadings and 
through counsel in open court Edwards has affirmatively asserted that there was no need to 
"gin up" his client's claims against Epstein because they were not weak. And because they 
were not weak, Edwards argues that it was not possible for Epstein to believe that they were, 
regardless of any third-party allegations cited by Epstein that litigation strategies pursued in the 
Epstein Cases were motivated by a need to enhance the apparent value of the Epstein Cases. 
Unfortunately for Edwards, within the body of highly probative evidence that Edwards seeks to 
hide from the jury, there are numerous email communications from Edwards bearing directly 
on the weakness of those cases, including communications in which Edwards admits to the 
inferior value of the client cases, the lack of credibility of his clients, and the existence of 
relevant and admissible evidence of their history as prostitutes that undermines the value of 
those cases. 
For example, in an October 17, 2009 email written by Edwards while he was litigating his 
cases at RRA, Edwards admits, "Much better cases than ours have settled for less than 155k 
(which is the most [Epstein] has paid)." (Doc. 4399). Barely a month after he joined RRA, 
Edwards conceded significant credibility problems with L.M., commenting in an April 27, 2009 
email that: 
This is the client that is now working as an escort, also the one that the FBI told her 
baby may be taken from her if she didn't cooperate. . . In a nutshell, she gave a 
statement under oath to the US Attys. office, wherein she lied and testified very 
favorably for Epstein. She will say that it was all a lie, that she was still under the 
mistaken belief that she loved Epstein and was told by him that if she cooperated with 
law enforcement then she would be in trouble for her role and would risk losing her 
baby. . . she was not given immunity for committing perjury, which she is planning to 
admit to during our case. . . This one we must address soon because she is going to 
testify at her depo very inconsistent with the statement. (2) she is planning to admit 
to her profession/lifestyle as a way of life introduced to her by Epstein (Doc. 1527) 
Less than a week later, in a May 1, 2009 email, Edwards complained, "[L.M.] and [E.W.] are 
both high end prostitutes now and are servicing Epstein's friends and neighbors at this very 
second — not good, but something I have been trying to deal with for the past few hours (yes, 
they actually called me." (Doc. 3551). Throughout his tenure at RRA, Edwards continued to 
struggle with the problems created by his client's histories as prostitutes from an early age, 
commenting in an October 14, 2009, "We can't make that distinction with prostitution 
because that would require us to turn over her under 18 johns other than Epstein. Remember 
she started prostituting with others at age 16, so we can't into all that. (Doc. 3191) And in an 
October 23, 2009 email to Rothstein and two other attorneys at RRA, Edwards wrote: 
"[Epstein] did not entice our clients that way. It was strictly payment for services, and it's 
hard to allege a breach where both parties performed." (Doc. 26762) 
EFTA00807489
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards has also repeatedly asserted that it was impossible for Epstein to rely on third 
party allegations by the federal government and civil litigants that the litigation practices in the 
Epstein cases were engaged in by Edwards to support Rothstein's Ponzi scheme. According to 
Edwards, Rothstein had little or no connection to the Epstein Cases, Edwards had not worked 
with Rothstein on the Epstein Cases, and Edwards had no knowledge of anything to do with the 
Ponzi scheme. Edwards has asserted over and over that because there was no connection 
between Rothstein and Edwards in relation to the Epstein Cases, Epstein could not possibly 
believe there was. Ignoring the obvious disconnect in this argument — i.e., that Edwards' 
asserted innocence in no way precludes Epstein's reasonable belief to the contrary -- Edwards 
has nevertheless made the claims that Rothstein had no connection to the Epstein Cases and 
that Edwards had no knowledge regarding the Ponzi scheme central issues in Edwards' 
malicious prosecution case against Epstein. Specifically, Edwards has told this court that 
because Rothstein had no connection to the Epstein Cases and Edwards had no knowledge 
regarding Rothstein's Ponzi scheme, the allegations in Epstein's lawsuit against Edwards 
suggesting a connection between Rothstein and the Epstein Cases and Edwards and the Ponzi 
scheme must have been made by Epstein without probable cause and with malice. 
Understandably, however, the evidence that Edwards begs this court to exclude 
includes a lengthy string of emails on October 23, 2009 that directly refute Edwards' claims that 
Rothstein had no involvement in the Epstein Cases and that Edwards had no knowledge 
regarding the Ponzi scheme. In those emails, which are described fully in the Appendix below, 
Edwards and a team of attorneys at RRA, including Rothstein, himself, and Russell Adler, 
another RRA attorney indicted as a result of the Ponzi scheme, explored in depth ways to 
structure the Epstein Cases in order to "circumvent" a Florida Statute requiring court approval 
to transfer structured legal settlements. A sampling of the October 23, 2009 emails from that 
lengthy string is provided below: 
Jenne to Rothstein, Nascimento and Fisten: 
" Scott: The lawyers and investigators working the Epstein matter are meeting on the 
12th Floor at 2pm today to discuss where we are in the investigation. If you have a 
moment, I know that everyone would love for you to be there." (Doc. 26477) 
Rothstein to Jaffe, Edwards, Fistos, Adler and Weissing: 
"I need all of you on the phone with fistos to resolve this." (Doc. 26741) 
Edwards to Rothstein, Jaffe, Fistos, Adler and Weissing: 
"I am on with him right now" (Doc. 26741) 
Edwards to Rothstein, Jaffe, Fistos, Adler and Weissing: 
"This issue is complicated. Scott needs a clear answer. Mark is looking at 626.99296 as it 
relates to RICO and I am looking at it as it relates to 18 USC 2255, as our 2 best 
possibilities for circumventing the 626 statute with a viable cause of action. We are both 
researching NOW and will get an answer ASAP." (Doc. 26756) 
EFTA00807490
--- PAGE 4 ---
Rothstein to Fistos, Jaffe, Adler, Farmer and Edwards: 
"Just give me any cause of action that we can work into the factual scheme of this case 
that is not a tort. That is all I need. 
Please This is urgent." (Doc. 26762) 
Adler to Rothstein, Edwards and Fistos: 
"I just spoke to Brad about coming up with a contract claim (based on promises Epstein 
made to help their modelling careers etc) and he is calling some clients to verify that any 
such representation was made to any of them- he will get back with you very shortly on 
this. Thanks, ME (still in suspense)" (Doc. 26762) 
Weissing to Edwards, Adler, Fistos and Jaffe: 
"The problematic statute cited by Scott in this morning's meeting is 626.99296 entitled 
"Transfers of structured settlement payment rights" The purpose of the statute is "to 
protect recipients of structured settlements who are involved in the process of 
transferring structured settlement payment rights." This statute is going to apply 
wherever the recipient of a structured settlement then transfers those payment rights. 
Specifically, under 2 (m) "Structured Settlement" means an arrangement for periodic 
payment of damages for personal injuries established by settlement or judgment in 
resolution of a tort claim." The question posed is "What claim can we settle which is not 
a tort", and therefore does not fall within this statute. (Doc. 1117) 
Rothstein to Edwards, Jaffe, Fistos, Adler and Weissing: 
"So where are we 
I need a solid answer. 
Please" (Doc. 26749) 
Fistos to Edwards, Adler, Weissing and Jaffe: 
"I was thinking in terms of things we may not have alleged." (Doc. 8128) 
Edwards to Fistos, Adler, Weissing and Jaffe: 
"I called all clients and none were promised anything (modeling contracts, etc.), so I 
really can't think of anything we have not alleged." (Doc. 8131) 
Weissing to Edwards, Fistos, Adler and Jaffe: 
"I'm sure Scott has thought this through, but is there any way to structure this other 
than the Transfer of a Structured Settlement?" (Doc. 8135) 
Fistos to Jaffe, Rothstein, Adler, Edwards and Weissing: 
"Scott: 
Here's where we are. 
The Structured Settlement statute (FS 626.99296) refers to "torts." Based on the 
language of the statute and its history a "tort" would be a "personal injury" claim under 
Florida common law. 
Currently, we have two claims in Epstein which don't squarely fit that definition: Civil 
EFTA00807491
--- PAGE 5 ---
RICO and 18 USC 2255. Civil Rico predicates we've alleged include violations of laws 
which are not based on "personal injury." Hence, as to those claims, they wouldn't fell 
under the definition of torts as stated in FS 626.99296. Brad was in contact with a Utah 
law professor (who knows the case) who opines that 18 USC 2255 is a federal statute, 
thus is doesn't fall within the ambit of FS 626.99296 because of the Supremacy Clause. I 
think this makes sense, and would take our 18 USC 2255 claim out of the FS 626.99296. 
That's the collective wisdom." (Doc. 27494) 
Inasmuch as Rothstein's Ponzi scheme was based on the transfer of structured legal 
settlements (albeit fictitious ones), communications between Edwards and Rothstein, as well as 
other attorneys at RRA, regarding how to structure the Epstein Cases to circumvent a statute 
requiring court approval of such transfers, is directly relevant to Edwards' claims that Rothstein 
had no connection to the Epstein Cases and that Edwards had no knowledge of Rothstein's 
Ponzi scheme. 
In addition to the above cited examples, the Appendix contains a comprehensive list and 
description of evidence that Epstein acquired in discovery after filing suit against Edwards on 
December 7, 2009. The evidence is highly probative and directly relevant to the issues that 
Edwards has made central to this case. Epstein files this Appendix in order to assist the court in 
confirming the direct relevance and probative value of the types of documents Edwards seeks 
to exclude from the trial. 
EFTA00807492

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807493.pdf
----------------------------------------
In his Motion in Limine, Edwards asks this court to exclude from the jury's consideration 
a substantial body of evidence consisting largely of written communications by or to Edwards 
which are directly relevant to issues that Edwards himself has made central to this case. 
Edwards Motion is based entirely on the argument that "Epstein cannot establish that 
he had probable cause to sue Bradley Edwards by relying upon evidence that he did not know 
about at the time he filed suit. All testimony and evidence regarding the internal activities at 
RRA learned subsequent to December 7, 2009 and offered to support the existence of probable 
cause are irrelevant to issues in the pending proceeding and should be excluded from evidence 
on that basis." (Mot. at ¶ 2.) As set forth in Epstein's Response, the evidence that Edwards 
produced in discovery to Epstein supports Epstein's continuation of his action and it would be 
reversible error to hold that Epstein cannot offer this compelling evidence to the jury. Although 
this alone is more than ample reason to deny Edwards Motion in its entirety as to all of the 
evidence, it is most assuredly not the only reason. 
Edwards has conceded that he has incurred no economic loss for which he seeks 
recovery. Instead, he seeks damages based on mental and emotional anxiety he claims to have 
suffered from the negative allegations in the lawsuit Epstein filed against Edwards. Among the 
undeniably relevant evidence in the materials Edwards asks this court to exclude from the jury's 
consideration, is a communication from Edwards himself, a little more than a month before 
Epstein filed suit against Edwards, in which Edwards specifically asks his co-counsel if there is 
"any way to bait [Epstein] into suing me?" 
Epstein already has provided ample direct extrinsic evidence that at the time he filed 
suit, he had probable cause to commence litigation against Edwards. Edwards has not disputed 
any of the evidence cited by Epstein. He has, in fact, corroborated much of it. Instead, Edwards 
claims that Epstein did not rely on the evidence Epstein cited to establish probable cause. 
Edwards provides no direct evidence that Epstein did not rely on the cited evidence, such as a 
writing or admissions from Epstein. Rather, Edwards claims that Epstein could not reasonably 
have relied on the cited evidence. For example, time and again in filed pleadings and through 
counsel in open court Edwards has affirmatively asserted that his client's claims against Epstein 
were not weak. Because they were not weak, Edwards argues that it was not possible for 
Epstein to believe that they were, regardless of any third-party allegations cited by Epstein that 
litigation strategies pursued in the cases Edwards was litigating against him were motivated by 
a need to "gin up" those cases. Unfortunately for Edwards, within the body of highly probative 
evidence that Edwards seeks to hide from the jury, there are numerous communications 
bearing directly on the weakness of those cases, including communications in which Edwards 
and his co-counsel admit to the inferior value of the client cases, the lack of credibility of his 
clients, and the existence of relevant and admissible evidence of their history as prostitutes that 
would undermine the value of those cases. 
EFTA00807493
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards has also repeatedly asserted that it was impossible for Epstein to rely on third 
party allegations by the federal government and civil litigants that the litigation practices in the 
Epstein cases were engaged in by Edwards to support Rothstein's Ponzi scheme because, 
according to Edwards, Rothstein had little or no connection to the Epstein cases, Edwards had 
not worked with Rothstein on the Epstein cases, and Edwards had no knowledge of anything to 
do with the Ponzi scheme. Edwards has asserted to this court time and again that because 
there was no connection between Rothstein and Edwards in relation to the Epstein cases, 
Epstein could not possibly believe there was. Ignoring the obvious disconnect in this argument 
— i.e., that Edwards' asserted innocence in no way precludes Epstein's reasonable belief to the 
contrary -- Edwards has nevertheless made Rothstein's lack of connection to the Epstein cases 
and Edwards lack of knowledge regarding the Ponzi scheme a central evidentiary issue in 
Edwards' malicious prosecution case, particularly with regard to the elements of probable 
cause and malice. Understandably, however, the evidence that Edwards begs this court to 
exclude includes communications to and from Edwards in which Edwards and a team of 
attorneys at RRA, including Rothstein himself and Russell Adler, another RRA attorney indicted 
as a result of the Ponzi scheme, were exploring ways to structure the Epstein cases in order to 
"circumvent" the Florida Statute requiring court approval of the transfer of structured 
settlements. Inasmuch as Rothstein's Ponzi scheme was based on the transfer of structured 
settlements (albeit fictitious ones), communications between Edwards and Rothstein regarding 
how to structure the Epstein cases to circumvent a statute requiring court approval of such 
transfers, is directly relevant to Edwards' claims that Rothstein had no connection to the 
Epstein cases and Edwards had no knowledge of Rothstein's Ponzi scheme. 
As briefly described above and as illustrated further herein, Epstein files this Appendix in 
order to assist the court in confirming the direct relevance and probative value of the types of 
documents Edwards is asking this Court to exclude from the trial. 
EFTA00807494

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807495.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Effective 02/05/18 
Deutsche Bank AG NY Preferred Banking Account — Not FDIC insured 
Annual Percentage Yield (APY) 
Personal 
1.20% 
1.21% 
Business 
Balances c $50mm 
1.10% 
1.11% 
Balances between $50mm & 
$100mm 
1.05% 
1.06% 
Balances > $100mm 
1.00% 
1.010/6 
The interest rates and Annual Percentage Yields (APYs) listed in this deposit rate sheet are effective as of the date shown 
above. 
We may at our discretion change each interest rate and APY on variable rate accounts at any time. We may change this 
deposit rate sheet at our discretion at any time. We may create new balance tiers or consolidate existing balance tiers at any 
time. 
Minimum initial deposit amounts: $250,000 for Deutsche Bank AG NY Preferring Banking Account (Personal and Business 
(Tiered Rates)). 
Fees may reduce earnings. 
Not FDIC-Insured I Not Insured or Guaranteed by any Governmental Agency of the United States I 
Not Guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA) I Obligation Solely of 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 
Separate information will be provided to you if the relevant product is subject to the statutory deposit 
guarantee scheme under the German Deposit Guarantee Act (EinSiG). If no such separate information is 
provided to you, the relevant product will not be subject to the EinSiG. 
EFTA00807495
--- PAGE 2 ---
This material has been prepared for discussion purposes only and is not intended to be an offer or solicitation, or the basis 
for any contract to purchase or sell any security, or other instrument, or for Deutsche Bank AG to enter into or arrange any 
type of transaction as a consequence of any information contained herein. These investments may not be suitable for all 
Private Customers of Deutsche Bank AG and advice should be sought from your relationship manager in cases of 
uncertainty. We assume no responsibility to advise the recipients of this document with regard to changes in our views. No 
product or service offered by any entity within Deutsche Bank AG is guaranteed by any other entity within Deutsche Bank 
AG unless specifically agreed in writing. 
Banking deposit products are offered through Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and are not insured by the FDIC or 
guaranteed by any governmental agency of the United States. Deutsche Bank AG. including its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
does not provide legal. tax or accounting advice. This communication was not intended or written to be used. and cannot 
be used or relied upon. by any taxpayer for purposes of avoiding any U.S. federal tax penalties. The recipient of this 
communication should seek advice from an independent tax advisor regarding any tax matters addressed herein based on 
their particular circumstances. This information also is not financial advice or a solicitation. Recipients should consult their 
applicable professional advisors prior to acting on any information set forth herein. Pursuant to IRS regulations. we inform 
you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used 
for purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties. or (ii) promoting. marketing or recommending to another party any 
transaction or matter referred to herein. 
Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch's accounts and deposits. and any investment by you in the Preferred CDs issued by. and 
Preferred Banking Account maintained at. Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch. are: 
— NOT insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). 
— NOT insured or guaranteed by any governmental agency of the United States. 
— NOT guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA). 
— Solely obligations of the New York Branch of Deutsche Bank AG. 
Separate information will be provided to you if the relevant product is subject to the statutory deposit guarantee scheme 
under the German Deposit Guarantee Act (EinSiG). If no such separate information is provided to you, the relevant product 
will not be subject to the EinSiG. 
"Deutsche Bank" means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Bank Wealth Management represents 
the wealth management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or its subsidiaries. Brokerage services are offered 
through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., a broker-dealer and registered investment adviser. which conducts securities 
activities in the United States. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is a member of FINRA. NYSE and SIPC. Banking and lending 
services are offered through Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, member FDIC. and other members of the Deutsche 
Bank Group. 
O2017 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved. 023927T.070617 
EFTA00807496

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807497.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Effective 02/05/2018 
In times of economic uncertainty, traditional banking products offer a predictable rate of return. 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Preferred Certificates of Deposit (Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs) 
offer a balance between your short-term liquidity needs and long-term strategic objectives, allowing you 
to purchase one or many deposits with a variety of maturities and interest rates. 
Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD client rates (not FDIC-insured) 
Term 
Interest Rate' 
Annual Percentage Yield (APY) ' 
1-month 
1.25% 
1.26% 
3-month 
1.50% 
1.51% 
6-month 
Personal 
2.00% 
2.02% 
Business 
1.90% 
1.92% 
9-month Variable rate 
(Fed Funds + 40bps) 
1.82% 2
1.84% 2
12-month 
Personal 
2.25% 
2.28% 
Business 
2.15% 
2.17% 
18-month 
2.40% 
2.43% 
24-month 
2.50% 
2.53% 
Note: These rates are only applicable as of the date shown. Rates are subject to change. Interest earned on the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred 
CDs with original maturities of one year or less than one year will be paid at the maturity of such Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD, and 
interest earned on Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs with original maturities of more than one year will be paid annually and at maturity. 
Interest begins to accrue on the date that the Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch receives proceeds in an amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs that you purchase. which will be on the business day on which you agree to purchase the Deutsche 
Bank AG Preferred CD. 
2The interest rate for the 9-month Variable rate Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD will be determined on the first business day of each calendar 
month during the term of the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD. The interest rate for each calendar month will be the Federal Funds effective 
rate on the first business day of the month as published in the Wall Street Joumal + a pre-determined basis point spread. 
EFTA00807497
--- PAGE 2 ---
Issuer 
Minimum investment 
Maximum investment 
Asset protection 
Currency 
Available fixed-rate terms 
Available variable-rate terms 
Early withdrawals 
Additional info 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 
$250.000 
$25.000,000 per client, per term. Please contact your Relationship Manager 
about larger investments 
Not FDIC-Insured 
USD denomination only 
1-month. 3-month. 6-month, 12-month,18-month. 24-month and other terms for 
promotional purposes 
9-month and other terms for promotional purposes 
No additional deposits or partial withdrawals may be made. No early withdrawals 
will be available. but may be permitted by the Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch in 
our sole discretion. Deutsche Bank is required to impose a penalty if a full 
withdrawal is requested within the first six days after opening and funding the 
Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD. The penalty will equal seven days of simple 
interest on the amount withdrawn. 
Additionally, a penalty will be imposed if you withdraw the deposited funds 
before the maturity date. If the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD has a maturity 
of three months or less. the penalty will equal the total amount of interest earned 
on the principal balance of the Deutsche Bank AG CD. If the Deutsche Bank AG 
CD has a maturity of greater than three months but less than or equal to one 
year. the penalty will equal 90 days of simple interest on the principal amount of 
the Deutsche Bank AG Prefer5red CD. If the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD 
has a maturity greater than one year. the penalty will equal six months of simple 
interest on the principal balance of the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD. 
At maturity, the principal and accrued interest will be transferred to your DBTCA 
deposit account. No interest will accrue after maturity of the Deutsche Bank AG 
Preferred CD. 
This material has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not intended to be an offer or solicitation. or the basis for any contract 
to purchase or sell any product, or for Deutsche Bank to enter into or arrange any type of transaction as a consequence of any information 
contained herein. The investments may not be suitable for all customers of Deutsche Bank and advice should be sought from your 
relationship manager in cases of uncertainty. No product or service offered by any entity within Deutsche Bank is guaranteed by any other 
entity within Deutsche Bank unless specifically agreed in writing. 
Banking deposit products are offered through Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and are not insured by the FDIC or guaranteed by any 
governmental agency of the United States. Deutsche Bank AG, including its subsidiaries and affiliates. does not provide legal. tax or 
accounting advice. This communication was not intended or written to be used. and cannot be used or relied upon. by any taxpayer for 
purposes of avoiding any U.S. federal tax penalties. The recipient of this communication should seek advice from an independent tax advisor 
regarding any tax matters addressed herein based on their particular circumstances. This information also is not financial advice or a 
solicitation. Recipients should consult their applicable professional advisors prior to acting on any information set forth herein. Pursuant to 
IRS regulations. we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended or written to 
be used for purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties. or 00 promoting. marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or 
matter referred to herein. 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch's accounts and deposits. and any investment by you in the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs issued 
by. and Preferred Banking Account maintained at. Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, are: 
— 
NOT insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). 
— 
NOT insured or guaranteed by any governmental agency of the United States. 
— 
NOT guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA). 
— 
Solely obligations of the New York Branch of Deutsche Bank AG. 
Separate information will be provided to you if the relevant product is subject to the statutory deposit guarantee scheme under the German 
Deposit Guarantee Act (EinSiG). If no such separate information is provided to you. the relevant product will not be subject to the EinSiG. 
"Deutsche Bank" means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Bank Wealth Management represents the wealth 
management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or its subsidiaries. Brokerage services are offered through Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc.. a broker.dealer and registered investment adviser, which conducts investment banking and securities activities in the United 
States. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is a member of FINFtA, NYSE and SIPC. 
O 2017 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved. 023383T.100217 
EFTA00807498

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807499.pdf
----------------------------------------
GREAT ST JAMES 
LITTLE ST JAMES 
US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
PRELIMINARY MASTER CONCEPT 
ADYCA 
EFTA00807499
--- PAGE 2 ---
ZONING PLAN 
GREAT ST JAMES 
• PRIVATE AREAS 
IIISERVICE AREAS 
LITTLE ST JAMES 
/ AD YCA 
EFTA00807500
--- PAGE 3 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
1. GRAND PAVILION 
2. CINEMA ROOM 
3. MAIN PRIVATE BEACH 
4. MAIN DOCK 
5. SALT WATER POOL/GROTTO 
6. MASTER RETREAT 
7. MASTER OFFICE 
8. PERSONAL TRANSPORT 
9. LADIES' RESIDENCE 
10. LADIES' PRIVATE ROOM 
11. LADIES' GYM 
12. INTEREST POINT 
13. SPA RETREAT 
14. OWNER'S ATV GARAGE 
15. OWNER'S LANDING SITE 
16. POSSIBLE ALTERNATE DOCK 
17. INTEREST POINT 
18. INTEREST POINT/LANDING/DOCK 
19. POSSIBLE SERVICE DOCK/ROAD 
39
40 
WYCA 
LITTLE ST JAMES 
20. BEACH AREA 
21. SECONDARY PAVILION 
22. GARAGE 
23. FRENCH GARDEN/GUEST HOUSES 
24. CONFERENCE ROOM 
25. SEMI PRIVATE OFFICE TO REMAIN 
26. SEMI PRIVATE POOL AREA TO REMAIN 
27. GAZEBO/INTEREST POINT 
28. CONTEMPLATION POINT(SUNRISE/SUN-
SET) 
29.TENNIS COURT TO REMAIN 
30. SUN DIAL TO REMAIN 
31. CASTLE POINT 
32. FUNHOUSE POINT 
33. INTEREST POINT 
34. INTEREST POINT 
35. YOGA BEACH (SUNRISE) 
36. MAIN KITCHEN/LAUNDRY 
37. CARETAKERS UNIT 
38. POSSIBLE SERVICE DOCK 
39. SERVICE AREAS 
40. SERVICE LANDING SITE (GUESTS) 
41. GREEN WALT/SOUND BARRIER 
EFTA00807501
--- PAGE 4 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
1. GRAND PAVILION 
2. CINEMA ROOM 
3. MAIN PRIVATE BEACH 
4. MAIN DOCK 
5. SALTWATER POOL/GROTTO 
ADYCA 
- 1 
EFTA00807502
--- PAGE 5 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
RENDERING 
GRAND PAVILION 
EFTA00807503
--- PAGE 6 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
RENDERING 
GRAND PAVILION 
RADYCA 
EFTA00807504
--- PAGE 7 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
GRAND PAVILION 
EFTA00807505
--- PAGE 8 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
CINEMA 
"ADYC/t. 
EFTA00807506
--- PAGE 9 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
MAIN PRIVATE BEACH 
-4 ADYCA 
EFTA00807507
--- PAGE 10 ---
GREAT OWNERMES 
PRIVATE 
AREAS 
6. MASTER RETREAT 
7. MASTER OFFICE 
8. PERSONAL TRANSPORT 
Ill AD Y CA 
EFTA00807508
--- PAGE 11 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
MASTER RETREAT 
EFTA00807509
--- PAGE 12 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
MASTER RETREAT 
-4ADYCA 
EFTA00807510
--- PAGE 13 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
MASTER RETREAT 
/ADYCA 
EFTA00807511
--- PAGE 14 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
MASTER RETREAT 
-4 ADYCA 
EFTA00807512
--- PAGE 15 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
MASTER OFFICE 
ADYCA 
EFTA00807513
--- PAGE 16 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
MASTER OFFICE 
OR ADYCA 
EFTA00807514
--- PAGE 17 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
PRIVATE LADIES' AREAS 
9. LADIES' RESIDENCE 
10. LADIES' PRIVATE ROOM 
11. LADIES' GYM 
IIZADYCA 
EFTA00807515
--- PAGE 18 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
NIOODBOARD 
LADIES RESIDENCE 
RADYCA 
EFTA00807516
--- PAGE 19 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
irk CIF 
II-2ADYCA 
LADIES RESIDENCE 
EFTA00807517
--- PAGE 20 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
LADIES RESIDENCE 
RADYCA 
- - 
f 
r 
EFTA00807518
--- PAGE 21 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
h 
ADYCA 
LADIES RESIDENCE 
EFTA00807519
--- PAGE 22 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
4,4 rrigfic, 
MOODBOARD 
"r?!.fftLatrElf 
1r" 1!" 
• . 
hADYCA 
LADIES GYM/POOL 
EFTA00807520
--- PAGE 23 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
LADIES POOL 
RADYCA 
EFTA00807521
--- PAGE 24 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
LADIES GYM 
-ADYCA 
EFTA00807522
--- PAGE 25 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
PRIVATE R"REATION AREAS 
12. INTEREST POINT 
13. SPA RETREAT 
14. OWNER'S ATV GARAGE 
15. OWNER'S LANDING SITE 
16. POSSIBLE ALTERNATE DOCK 
17. INTEREST POINT 
18. INTEREST POINT/LANDING/DOCK 
RADYCA 
ek 
EFTA00807523
--- PAGE 26 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
INTEREST POINT 
„ 
, 
•
RADYCA 
EFTA00807524
--- PAGE 27 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
SPA RETREAT 
-- ADYCA 
EFTA00807525
--- PAGE 28 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
SPA RETREAT 
Y CA 
EFTA00807526
--- PAGE 29 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
SPA RETREAT 
EFTA00807527
--- PAGE 30 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
INTEREST POINTS 
RADYCA 
EFTA00807528
--- PAGE 31 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
INTEREST POINTS 
-- ADYCA 
EFTA00807529
--- PAGE 32 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
SERVICE AREA 
19. POSSIBLE SERVICE DOCK/ROAD 
3ADYCA 
EFTA00807530
--- PAGE 33 ---
GREAT ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
SERVICE AREAS 
-ADYCA 
EFTA00807531
--- PAGE 34 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
PUBLIC AkilLAO 
20. BEACH AREA 
21. SECONDARY PAVILION 
22. ATV GARAGE 
23. FRENCH GARDEN/GUEST HOUSES 
24. CONFERENCE ROOM 
25. SEMI PRIVATE OFFICE TO REMAIN 
RADYCA 
EFTA00807532
--- PAGE 35 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
BEACH 
-4 ADYCA 
EFTA00807533
--- PAGE 36 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
SECONDARY BEACH 
-2ADYCA 
EFTA00807534
--- PAGE 37 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
IIP 
MOODBOARD 
SECONDARY PAVILION 
AD YCA 
EFTA00807535
--- PAGE 38 ---
• 
• 
. 
• 
MOODBOARD 
CONFERENCE ROOM 
• 45/i
<ePal 
,..,"•••••••" r."""-n ' 
.4; 
- 
?an tr, • 
rri.1:0:77;,....„, 
1,46,
R A) YCI\ 
• MA 
• 
IA? 
.e' 4"..", $%\th,‘ 
• . 
EFTA00807536
--- PAGE 39 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
GUEST AREAS 
III AD y c A 
EFTA00807537
--- PAGE 40 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
SEMI PRIVATE RECREATION AREAS 
26. SEMI PRIVATE POOL AREA TO REMAIN 
27. GAZEBO/INTEREST POINT 
28. CONTEMPLATION POINT(SUNRISE/SUNSET) 
29. TENNIS COURT TO REMAIN 
30. SUN DIAL TO REMAIN 
31. CASTLE POINT 
32. FUNHOUSE POINT 
33. INTEREST POINT 
34. INTEREST POINT 
35. YOGA BEACH (SUNRISE) 
-iADYCA 
EFTA00807538
--- PAGE 41 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
-skir-rr‘ 
- 
- 
••••-;- 
• 
:4. ----a
•-••, - 
pa< 
-7.> .:•• 
MOODBOARD 
S.\ 
• 
• 
O
lt Z.. r
 ?•7;  
••••• 
• 
• 
4344•,
••Ci,--- 
••••• 
4ikactia. 
-• 
• 
l 
-
at s ./ r.
Si 
- 
t w 
lows 
& SW.
, - 
• 
ar-
INTEREST POINT 
•
.• 
•••••• 
'e• 
. 
5,414)., Wen: 
s.c l wtx : I its. -7 
-
•
•
•
•.:?skt. 
' 
..••••• 
' 
• 
lir
\ 
1.0 
. 
- 
• "--
.;4•":-.. 
• al .'s: 
\fl 
21).1 
R AD YCA. 
EFTA00807539
--- PAGE 42 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
SEMI PRIVATE POOL 
\ 
-we 
s's.' 
\...••••‘•••••• 
\‘‘•0 
\\.\\ 
\\. 
1.3 
ADYCA 
EFTA00807540
--- PAGE 43 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
YOGA BEACH 
EFTA00807541
--- PAGE 44 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
SERVICE AREAS 
36. MAIN KITCHEN/LAUNDRY 
37. CARETAKER'S UNIT 
38. POSSIBLE SERVICE DOCK 
39. SERVICE AREAS 
40. SERVICE LANDING SITE (GUESTS) 
41. GREEN WALL/SOUND BARRIER 
3& 
39
40 
EFTA00807542
--- PAGE 45 ---
LITTLE ST JAMES 
MOODBOARD 
SERVICE AREAS 
-
DYCA 
EFTA00807543
--- PAGE 46 ---
RADYCIta 
EFTA00807544

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807545.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Frank Ombres 
Sent: Thursday, January 24, 2019 12:31 PM 
To: Communications <Communications@cfr.org>
Subject: Documentary Interview Inquiry 
< 
Hello, 
I am a producer with Radical Media working on a new documentary series about wealth 
and power in America. Part of our program will focus on the case of Jeffrey Epstein. 
I am writing you to request a representative who may be available to speak on camera 
regarding Mr. Epstein's relationship to your organization. Our mission is to paint as 
complete a picture of our subject as possible. It has been reported that Mr. Epstein 
serves as a board member of your council and we'd greatly value a voice that could 
speak on Mr. Epstein's charitable work and contributions. 
Here's some background about who we are: RadicalMedia is an Oscar, Emmy, 
Grammy and Peabody Award-winning studio whose work includes the Oscar winning 
documentary, The Fog of War, Oscar nominated and Emmy-winning film, What 
Happened, Miss Simone? Additionally, the executive producer of this program is Joe 
Berlinger. Joe has drawn attention to social justice issues in the U.S. and abroad in 
landmark films such as: Brother's Keeper, a DGA Award-winner and his trilogy for HBO 
titled Paradise Lost, about the West Memphis Three, (a group of teenage boys 
sentenced to death and life imprisonment for crimes they didn't commit). The Paradise 
Lost series is widely credited with helping to win the release of the wrongfully convicted 
boys, and won both Emmy and Peabody Awards, and earned Berlinger an Academy 
Award nomination. 
I mention our credentials in part to assure you that we are going to treat this story with 
the same dedication to ethical storytelling evident in our prior work. 
Thank you so much for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you 
and I am happy to answer any questions you may have. 
All the best, 
Frank Ombres 
Segment Producer 
RadicalMedia° 
435 Hudson Street. Floor 6 New York, NY 10014 USA 
EFTA00807545

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807546.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
CASE NO. 4D18-0762 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
RECEIVED, 3/13/2018 5:06 PM, Clerk, Fourth District Court of Appeal 
Petitioner, 
-VS-
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, 
individually, BRADLEY J. 
EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., E.W., and JANE DOE, 
Intervenors. 
Respondents 
/ 
VERIFIED MOTION FOR ADMISSION TO APPEAR 
PRO HAC VICE PURSUANT TO FLORIDA RULE OF 
JUDICIAL ADMINISTRATION 2.510 
Intervenor/respondents L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe (hereinafter "the 
victims"), by and through its undersigned counsel, hereby moves this Honorable 
Court to allow Paul G. Cassell ("Movant") to appear as counsel for the victims in 
this Epstein v. Edwards case and represents the following: 
1. 
Movant resides in Salt Lake City, Utah. 
2. 
Movant is an attorney and employed as a professor of law at the S.J. 
Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah. As permitted by University of 
EFTA00807546
--- PAGE 2 ---
Utah regulations, Movant undertakes some private representations as well as pro 
bono representations. 
3. 
Movant has been retained personally to, in conjunction with other attorneys, 
provide legal representation to three child sexual assault victims of Jeffrey Epstein, 
who will be referred to pseudonymously as L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe in 
connection with various Epstein- related litigation, including Jane Doe v. Epstein, 
No. 9:08-cv-80893-Marra/Johnson (S.D. Fla.); Jane Doe 1 & 2. v. United States, 
No. 9:08-cv-80736-KAM (S.D. Fla.)). Movant has been Admitted pro hac vice in 
both of the above-described cases and worked with other Florida attorneys in 
providing this representation. Movant has also been admitted pro hac vice in the 
proceedings below. 
4. 
Movant is an active member in good standing and currently eligible to 
practice law in Utah (bar number 6078). 
5. 
There are no disciplinary proceedings against Movant. 
6. 
Within the past five years, Movant has not been subject to any disciplinary 
proceedings. 
7. 
Movant has never been subject to any suspension proceedings. 
8. 
Movant has never been subject to any disbarment proceedings. 
EFTA00807547
--- PAGE 3 ---
9. 
Movant, either by registration, withdrawal, or otherwise, never has 
terminated or attempted to terminate Movant's office as an attorney in order to 
avoid administrative, disciplinary, disbarment, or suspension proceedings. 
10. 
In the last five years, Movant has filed a motion to appear as counsel in 
Florida state courts in the proceedings below and in Edwards v. Dershowitz, Case 
NO.: CACE 15-000072 (Circuit Ct. of the nth Judicial Circuit in and for Broward 
County, Florida) (motion granted). 
11. 
Movant is not an inactive member of The Florida Bar. 
12. 
Movant is not now and has never been a member of The Florida Bar. 
13. 
Movant is not a suspended member of The Florida Bar. 
14. 
Movant is not a disbarred member of The Florida Bar nor has Movant 
received a disciplinary resignation from The Florida Bar. 
15. 
Movant has not previously been disciplined or held in contempt by reason of 
misconduct committed while engaged in representation pursuant to Florida Rule of 
Judicial Administration 2.510. 
16. 
Local counsel of record associated with Movant in this matter is Attorney 
Jay Howell, a member of the Florida Bar who has represented L.M., E.W., and 
Jane Doe, and maintains his practice in Jacksonville, Florida. 
EFTA00807548
--- PAGE 4 ---
17. 
Movant has read the applicable provisions of Florida Rule of Judicial 
Administration 2.510 and Rule 1-3.10 of the Rules Regulating The Florida Bar and 
certifies that this verified motion complies with those rules. 
18. 
Movant agrees to comply with the provisions of the Florida Rules of 
Professional Conduct and consents to the jurisdiction of the courts and the Bar of 
the State of Florida. 
WHEREFORE, Movant respectfully requests permission to appear in this 
court for the Epstein v. Edwards case. 
DATED this 13th day of March, 2018 
Is/ Paul G. Cassell 
PAUL G. CASSELL 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University 
of Utah 
383 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
(801) 585-5202' 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Utah Bar #6078 
I This daytime business address is provided for contact purposes only and is not 
intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah. 
EFTA00807549
--- PAGE 5 ---
CERTIFICATE OF LOCAL COUNSEL 
I hereby consent to be associated as local counsel of record in this cause pursuant 
to Florida Rule of Judicial Administration 2.510. 
DATED this 13ih day of March, 2018. 
JA HOWELL 
Jay Howell & Assoc' tes 
Florida Bar No.: 225657 
Attorney E-Mail(s): 
644 Cesery Blvd. #250 
32211 
EFTA00807550
--- PAGE 6 ---
CERTIFICATE OF E-FILING AND SERVICE 
Counsel hereby certify that this Motion to Appear Pro Hac Vice has been e-
filed and a true copy of the foregoing was furnished by mail to The Honorable 
Donald W. Hafele, 205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216, West Palm Beach, FL 
33401, and to all • unsel on the attached service list, by email, on March 13, 2018. 
By 
JAY 
L 
Jay Howell & Associates 
Florida Bar No.: 225657 
Attorney E-Mail(s) 
644 Cesery Blvd. #250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
EFTA00807551

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807552.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
************************** 
GREAT ST.JIM, LLC, 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
) 
v. 
) 
) 
PROSOLAR SYSTEMS, LLC, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
 ) 
CASE NO. ST-19-CV-
COMPLAINT FOR BREACH 
OF CONTRACT & FRAUD 
COMPLAINT 
COMES NOW, Plaintiff GREAT ST.JIM, LLC ("GSJ"), by and through its 
undersigned counsel KELLERHALS FERGUSON KitoBuN PLLC, and hereby alleges and states the 
following for its Complaint against Defendant ProSolar Systems, LLC: 
PARTIES 
1. Plaintiff Great St. Jim, LLC ("GSJ") is a limited liability company organized under the 
laws of the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
2. Upon information and belief, Defendant ProSolar Systems, LLC ("ProSolar") is a limited 
liability company organized under the laws of the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
JURISDICTION & VENUE 
3. This is a civil action for breach of contract and fraud over which this Court has jurisdiction 
pursuant to 4 V.I.C. § 76. 
4. Venue is proper in this Court pursuant to 4 V.I.C. § 78 because St.Thomas is the judicial 
division in which Defendant is located, where the action arose, where most all the witnesses 
are located, and where Defendant may be served. 
EFTA00807552
--- PAGE 2 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. ProSolar Systems, LLC 
Case No. ST-19-CV-_ 
Complaint 
Page 2 of 5 
FACTS 
5. On or about November 2016, GSJ purchased a 310.8 kWh solar power system (the "solar 
power system") from ProSolar for a purchase price of One Hundred Ninety-Two Thousand 
Two Hundred and Eleven Dollars ($192,211.00). 
6. GSJ also purchased twelve (12) self-contained Acquion Maintenance Free Salt Water 
Battery Modules (the "battery modules"), each being sold with a three (3) year warranty, 
set to expire in November 2019. 
7. The aggregate price of the battery modules was approximately One Hundred Fifty-Four 
Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty-Eight Dollars ($154,338.00). 
8. The solar power system was intended to provide continuous power to meet the energy 
demands of Great St. James island on full-time basis without any interruption. 
9. ProSolar assured GSJ that the solar power system would be able to function on a full-time 
basis and meet the energy needs to power Great St. James island. 
10. The solar power system, however, began to fail regularly and would shut down every 
morning at approximately 5:00 a.m. like clockwork. 
II. Every morning, a GSJ representative had to travel to the Great St. James island to turn off 
the island-wide power drawing from the system so that the system could recharge. 
12. Once the system recharged, it then had to reboot completely before GSJ's representative 
was able to reconnect power to Great St. James island. 
13. In addition, since April 2017, GJS has had to pay ProSolar Three Hundred and Fifty Dollars 
($350.00) per month for monthly maintenance/service calls to address the issues with the 
solar power system. 
EFTA00807553
--- PAGE 3 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. ProSolar Systems, LLC 
Case No. ST-19-CV-_ 
Complaint 
Page 3 of 5 
14. In September 2017, the U.S. Virgin Islands were struck by Hurricanes Irma and Maria 
which devastated the territory and damaged the solar power system on Great St. James 
island. 
15. As a result of the storms, GSJ paid in excess of One Hundred and Eleven Thousand Dollars 
($111,000.00) to troubleshoot and bring the solar power system into full operation. 
16. After more than a year of paid monthly service calls and ProSolar's knowledge of the 
continued reports of frequent low voltage system failures, ProSolar's tech personnel finally 
opened the battery modules to examine the circuit boards therein. 
17. ProSolar advised that only after it examined these circuit boards, which supply the charging 
and discharging controls for each battery module, did it discover that several circuit boards 
were corroded. 
18. In July 2018, ProSolar attempted to implement a solution to the problem by bypassing the 
circuit board, and in the process, eliminating whatever functionality they should have 
provided had they been functioning properly. 
19. To date, the solar power system continues to have system failures and does not meet the 
energy demands of Great St. James island. 
20. ProSolar has advised that although it sold GSJ a warranty, there are no replacement parts 
for the corroded circuit boards and, therefore, the warranty has no utility. 
COUNT I: BREACH OF CONTRACT 
21. GSJ hereby incorporates all previous paragraphs as if fully set forth herein. 
22. ProSolar entered into a contractual agreement with GSJ by offering to design and construct 
the solar power system, in exchange, GSJ paid the full purchase price plus the cost of the 
warranty on the battery modules and warranty, which was accepted by GSJ. 
EFTA00807554
--- PAGE 4 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. ProSolar Systems, LLC 
Case No. ST-19-CV-_ 
Complaint 
Page 4 of 5 
23. ProSolar breached its contractual obligations to GSJ by failing to, among other things, 
provide GSJ with a fully functional solar power system that had no defects in its design, 
circuit boards, programming, or control systems. 
24. ProSolar is liable for all contractual damages as a result of its conduct as well as for all 
costs, expenses, attorney's fees and interest. 
COUNT II: FRAUD 
25. GSJ hereby incorporate all previous paragraphs as if fully set forth herein. 
26. ProSolar represented to GSJ that it could provide a fully functional solar power system with 
no defects in its design, circuit boards, or programming. 
27. ProSolar was well aware that it could not provide such a system and intentionally 
misrepresented its ability to provide such a system. 
28. GSJ was unaware that ProSolar could not deliver a fully functional solar power system that 
would power all of Great St. James island. 
29. Additionally, ProSolar promoted and sold GSJ a warranty to GSJ which ProSolar claimed 
would cover replacement parts among other things. 
30. At the time ProSolar sold the warranty, ProSolar knew it had no ability to guarantee that 
any replacement parts existed or would exist in the future and, thus, the warranty was not 
any sort of guarantee at all. 
31. ProSolar intended for GSJ to rely on the claimed warranty for assurance and for the claimed 
warranty to induce GSJ to pay ProSolar additional sums, which GSJ did. 
32. Despite selling GSJ a warranty, ProSolar has been unable to warrant its product. 
33. GSJ relied on the ProSolar's representations to its detriment and suffered damages 
including the cost of the solar power system, the cost of the warranty, the cost of monthly 
EFTA00807555
--- PAGE 5 ---
Great St. Jim, LLC v. ProSolar Systems, LLC 
Case No. ST-19-CV-_ 
Complaint 
Page 5 of 5 
repairs, loss of use and enjoyment of the property, and the cost of having to spend hours 
trouble shooting, operating, repairing the defective system. 
WHEREFORE, GSJ respectfully demands judgment be entered in favor of GSJ and 
against ProSolar and that GSJ be awarded the following: 
a. Compensatory damages; 
h. Incidental and /or consequential damages; 
c. Punitive damages; 
d. Statutory interest; 
e. Attorney's fees and costs; and 
f. Any other relief deemed appropriate. 
Respectfully submitted, 
DATED: February 
2019 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
AYSHA IL GREGORY, ESQ. 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966 & R2040 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
SUS 
Email: 
EFTA00807556

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807557.pdf
----------------------------------------
TESLM 
POWERWALL 
CERTIFIED INSTALI 
prosolar 
SYSTEMC 
* CERTIFIED 
• 
I l l . ,1411UHO 4 
.44644, vve
PROSOLAR MICRO-GRID PROPOSAL 
Pa-
Yearly Savings = $271,933 
A Customized ProSolar Proposal For: 
i
s
T • 
I- A'  
- 
'giant 
TE 
Lei 
I 
I I 
Little Saint James Island 
Little St James Island, St Thomas 00802, 
USVI 
Your ProSolar Sales Representative: 
Brad S ernak 
ProSolar Systems LLC 
FL License # CBC1250110 
PO Box 15694, Tallahassee FL 32317 
EFTA00807557
--- PAGE 2 ---
4.2 Megawatt-hours of TESLA POWERPACKS 
+ 643.65 kW of Premium LG Solar Panels 
ENERGY SECURITY 
MONTHLY SAVINGS 
YEARLY SAVINGS 
$22,661 
$271,933 
8.0 yr Payback 
TWENTY 
210 KILOWATT-HOUR TESLA POWERPACK 
ONE 
650 KILOWATT,BI-DIRECTIONAL TESLA INVERTER 
EFTA00807558
--- PAGE 3 ---
kWh 
100.000 -
90.000 
80.000 -
70.000 -
60.000 
50.000 
40.000 -
30.000 
20.000 
10.000 -
1
Jan 
Feb 
• Solar • Utility 
Mar I 
Apr 
May 
Jun 
.1 u 
Production • Consumption 
Aug 
EFTA00807559
--- PAGE 4 ---
Your customized solar energy solution breakdown by 
prosolar 
SYSTEMS 
Turn-key System Summary 
System Size in DC kW 
643.65 
Total Solar Modules Installed 
1,839 
Installed Cost of Your PV System 
$3,713,861 
Total Potential Tax Benefit: 
Federal Investment Tax Credit 
$1,114,158 
System Cost After Incentives (cash purchased) $2,599,702 
Projected Yearly Production 
1,047,460 kWh 
Average Year 1Monthly Savings 
$22,661 
Warranted Life of System Savings 
$12,978,583 
Levelized Cost of Electricity 
$0.14 / kWh 
'ou Will Save: 
$12,978,583 
)ver The Warranted Lifetime of 
The System - PV modules have a 
ife expectancy up to 25 years! 
8.000.000 -
6.000.000 -
4.000.000 -
2.000.000 - 
$ 0 
I 
.2.000.000 IL
.
Cashflow over time 
•o 
EFTA00807560
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00807561
--- PAGE 6 ---
POWERPACK LAYOLY 
Powerpack Systems installed in enclosed areas must provide a minimum 4' wide access around 
the sides of the equipment to access the front of each Powerpack Unit (Figure 19). This access 
is required for service cart access and is required to be level (maximum 5% cross slope). 
— 6 [1.83mj 
[1.22m] 
BS 
B4 
B3 
BI 
• • 
AS 
A4 
A3 
A2 
AI 
D1 D2 
D3 
D4 
DS 
CI 
C2 
C3 
C4 
CS 
6'[1.83m) - 
Figure 19: Minimum Access Clearance to Powerpack Units 
Equipment rows longer than 200' shall provide an interior access road at least 12 feet wide 
(Figure 20). Access to the equipment does not need to be paved, but must be compacted. 
.4.12•44 
INT nao 
NONE 
• 
• 
• 
r 
A= L 
ce= 
.2•4110 
Mar 
"a -44. 
AM.}, 
SO %UM • 
NOT PPM 
CICCC lllll 
(IMMO 
=LW= 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
tema••••••• 
-- 
EFTA00807562
--- PAGE 7 ---
Figure 4: Powerpack Inverter Overview 
1. Low voltage boards 
5. Thermal management 
2. AC bus bars 
6. Powerstages 
3. DC bus bars and fuses 
7. Interface board 
4. Customer connection area 
One Powerpack Inverter, and 1-20 Powerpack Units assigned to that inverter, make up an 
inverter block. The number of Powerpack Units per inverter can be scaled for energy, to meet 
the required hour ratings of the system (for example two, three, or four hours). The number of 
inverter blocks can be scaled to meet the required power ratings of the system (for example, 1 
MW, 5 MW, or 50 MW). 
Figure 1: Rendering of a 4-Hour Inverter Block: Powerpack Inverter (1) and 
Powerpack Units (2) 
EFTA00807563
--- PAGE 8 ---
POWERPACK 2 SYSTEM LIMITED WARRANTY (USA) 
Effective Date: September 27, 2017 
Applies to: Any Tesla Powerpack 2 system that is supplied by Tesla, Inc. ("Tesla") or its affiliate for installation 
within the United States of America and to which this limited Warranty Is expressed to apply in the System 
purchase agreement (each, the "System"). 
1. 
Limited Warranty. Tesla warrants that the System shall (a) conform to the Specifications' on the Original 
Sale Date; (b) be free from defects in design, workmanship and materials as set out in Exhibit L and (c) retain energy 
capacity as set out in Exhibit 1. 
2. 
No Extensions. If the System, or any component, is repaired or replaced under this Limited Warranty, the 
remainder of the periods referenced in gxhibit 1 shall apply to the repaired or replacement system. Under no 
circumstance shall any such period be extended on account of any warranty repair or replacement. 
3. 
Remedies. If a valid claim is submitted in accordance with the procedures described in this Limited 
Warranty, Tesla shall, in its sole discretion, (a) repair the defective System or component, (b) replace the defective 
System or component with an equivalent System or component (or, if Tesla or the manufacturer of such component 
has discontinued manufacture of such component, a mutually acceptable alternative component), or (c) where 
permitted in Exhibit 2, pay Energy Shortfall Damages (as defined in Exhibit 2). Tesla shall inform System owner of 
its remedy election in writing within 10 days of Tesla's validation of the claim. If Tesla repairs or replaces the 
defective System, Tesla shall also be responsible for the costs of teardown, disassembly, transportation, re-assembly 
and re-installation of the System or component (or their respective replacements). 
4. 
Items Not Covered. This Limited Warranty does not cover (a) normal wear and tear or deterioration, or 
superficial defects, dents or marks that do not impact System performance; (b) vibration that does not impact 
System performance; (c) damage that occurs during shipping or transportation (other than shipping or 
transportation by or on behalf of Testa); (d) defects or performance issues resulting from use of the System outside 
the "Operating Temperature" range set out in the Specifications; (e) defects or performance issues resulting from 
the commissioning, operation, maintenance, modification or repair of the System in violation of the applicable Tesla 
Manual', other than by Tesla or its affiliate or subcontractor; (f) defects or performance issues resulting from abuse, 
negligence, accidents or force majeure events, including but not limited to lightning, flood, earthquake, fire, or other 
events outside the reasonable control of Tesla; (g) damage or deterioration that occurs after the expiration or voiding 
of this Limited Warranty or that is reported more than 10 days after the expiration or voiding of this Limited 
Warranty; or (h) theft or vandalism of the System or any of its components. A failure of the System to retain energy 
capacity as set out in fxhibit 1 shall not constitute a "defect" for purposes of Section 1.0)1 or Fxhibit 
S. 
Fkrlusionk. 
Each of the following shall permanently void this Limited Warranty: (a) installation, 
commissioning, maintenance, modification or repair of the System by anyone other than Tesla, Its affiliate or a Tesla 
approved technician; and (b) removal and reinstallation of the System at a different location without the written 
consent of Tesla. Each of the following shall permanently void this Limited Warranty when performed by anyone 
other than Tesla or its affiliate or subcontractor: (i) installation of the System in contravention of the "Powerpack 
System 2 Installation Manual", (ii) storage of the System in contravention of the "Powerpack System 2 Storage 
Guidelines" or in violation of the "Storage Conditions (on the shelf)" set out in the "Environmental Specifications" 
section of the Specifications; and (iii) any attempt to extend or reduce the life of the System or prevent or hinder 
the recovery of data regarding System usage. 
' Speclficadons means the "Powerpack System Specifications" referenced in the System purchase agreement. 
' Original Sale Date means the date that risk of loss of the System transferred to the original buyer under the System purchase 
agreement. 
Tesla Manuals means the System manuals published on Testa Partner Portal (a). 
EFTA00807564
--- PAGE 9 ---
6. 
Exclusive Remedies. This Limited Warranty is provided voluntarily and does not constitute an independent 
guarantee. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THIS LIMITED WARRANTY AND THE REMEDIES SET 
FORTH HEREIN ARE OCCLUSIVE AND IN UEU OF ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, REMEDIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER 
ORAL, WRITTEN, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABIUTY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, USE OR APPLICATION, AND ANY WARRANTIES AGAINST LATENT OR 
HIDDEN DEFECTS), ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH WARRANTIES 
CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED, TESLA LIMITS THE DURATION OF AND REMEDIES FOR SUCH WARRANTIES TO THE 
DURATIONS AND REMEDIES DESCRIBED HEREIN. 
7. 
I imitatinn of lability IN NO EVENT WILL TESLA BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS UMITED 
WARRANTY, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER A PARTY HAS BEEN 
INFORMED OF, OR OTHERWISE MIGHT HAVE ANTICIPATED, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. . IN NO EVENT 
WILL TESLA'S LIABIUTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO UMITED WARRANTY CLAIMS WITH RESPECT TO AN 
INDIVIDUAL SYSTEM EXCEED THE SYSTEM PRICE'. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION 
OF DAMAGES, INCLUDING INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION OR 
UMITATION MAY NOT APPLY, OR MAY ONLY APPLY TO A LIMITED EXTENT. 
8. 
Limitation on Use. THE SYSTEM IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE AS A PRIMARY OR BACK-UP POWER SOURCE 
FOR UFE-SUPPORT SYSTEMS OR OTHER MEDICAL EQUIPMENT. TESLA DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF 
ANY SUCH USE OF THE SYSTEM, RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO SERVICE THE SYSTEM IF USED FOR THESE 
PURPOSES AND DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF TESLA'S SERVICE OF, OR REFUSAL TO SERVICE, ANY 
SUCH SYSTEM. 
9. 
Governing Law; Dispute Resolution: Venue. This Limited Warranty will be governed by and interpreted in 
accordance with the laws of the State of California. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the 
International Sale of Goods will not apply to this Limited Warranty. Any dispute arising from or relating to this 
Limited Warranty shall first be promptly referred to the senior level management of Tesla and the System owner for 
resolution. If the dispute is not resolved within 20 days after referral, then either party may take such dispute to 
binding arbitration in accordance with the then-current Streamlined Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and 
Mediation Services ('JAMS"). The existence, content and result of the arbitration shall be held in confidence by Tesia 
and the System owner, their representatives, any other participants and the arbitrator. The arbitration will be 
conducted by a single arbitrator selected by agreement of Tesla and the System owner or, failing such agreement, 
appointed in accordance with the JAMS rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in English and in San Francisco, 
California. Testa and the System owner will each bear its own expenses in the arbitration and will share equally the 
costs of the arbitration; provided, however, that the arbitrator may, in its discretion, award reasonable costs and 
fees to the prevailing party. 
10. 
Claims Process. Claims under this Limited Warranty must be made by notifying Tesla at the email address 
identified below. For a claim to be processed, proof of the original purchase of the System and any subsequent 
transfers of ownership of the System need to accompany the claim. The claim must include a description of any 
alleged defect as well as the relevant System's serial number, Original Sale Date and Commissioning Date. if the 
daim is contested by Tesla, it shall be the System owner's responsibility to show that the defect or energy capacity 
shortfall is covered by this limited Warranty and that none of the exclusions in this Limited Warranty apply. Prior 
to returning any System or component to Tesla, a Return Merchandise Authorization number is required. This may 
be obtained by contacting Tesla at the email address, address or telephone number identified below. 
` System Price means the purchase price paid to Testa for the System, as shown in the System purchase agreement. If you did 
not purchase the System direct from Tesla, you should contact Tesla to confirm the System Price. 
Tesla, Inc., 3500 Deer Creek Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304, email: 
Tel: ♦1 844 378 3752 
EFTA00807565
--- PAGE 10 ---
Exhibit 1— Limited Warranty Periods 
Years 1 through 10 following Commissioning Date 
The System shall be free from defects in design, workmanship and materials during years 1 through 10 following the 
Commissioning Dates, and the Actual Energy Retention Percentage' shall be equal to or greater than the applicable 
'Minimum Energy Retention Percentage" below until the below periods have expired or (if earlier) the Aggregate 
Discharge Throughput' exceeds the below "Aggregate Discharge Throughput limitation". 
Period (Warranty Years" following 
Commissioning Date) 
Aggregate Discharge Throughput 
Limitation 
Minimum Energy Retention 
Percentage 
348 
95% 
679 
91% 
996 
88% 
1302 
83% 
S 
1599 
79% 
1889 
77% 
2173 
75% 
2451 
73% 
2725 
71% 
2994 
70% 
Extension to years 11-IS following Commissioning Date for low utilization scenario 
This section only applies if the Aggregate Discharge Throughput during the first 10 years following the 
Commissioning Date is equal to or less than 2,040kWh per kWh of Nameplate Energy Capacity4. The System shall 
be tree from defects in design, workmanship during years 11 through 15 following the Commissioning Date or (if 
earlier) until the Aggregate Discharge Throughput exceeds 2,750kWh per kWh of Nameplate Energy Capacity. The 
Actual Energy Retention Percentage shall be equal to or greater than the applicable "Minimum Energy Retention 
Percentage" below until the below periods have expired or (if earlier) the Aggregate Discharge Throughput exceeds 
the below "Aggregate Discharge Throughput Limitation". 
Period (Warranty Years following 
Commissioning Date) 
Aggregate Discharge Throughput 
Limitation 
Minimum Energy Retention 
Percentage 
2,200 
66% 
2,350 
62% 
2,500 
58% 
2,600 
54% 
2,750 
50% 
Standard Test Conditions 
When measuring the Actual Energy Retention Percentage, (I) the System shall be fully charged to 100% state of 
energy and then fully and continuously discharged at Nominal Power (as defined in the Specifications) to 0% state 
of energy, (ii) the ambient temperature at the System location and the initial temperature of all battery pods is 25"C 
t5'C, and (Hi) the initial temperature of all battery pods when the System starts both charging and discharging shall 
be 25'C trC. 
' Commissioning Date means the earner of (a) the date the System Is commissioned or (b) the date failing 90 days after the 
Original Sale Date. 
°Actual Energy Retention Percentage means the energy discharged by the System as a whole (as measured at the AC output of 
the inverter(s)) at Standard Test Conditions, expressed as a percentage of the Nameplate Energy Capacity. 
'Aggregate Discharge Throughput means the aggregate discharge throughput of the System (at the Inverter AC output) hi kWh 
per kWh of Nameplate EnergyCapacity. 
" Warranty Year means each consecutive 365 day period commencing on the Commissioning Date and each anniversary of the 
Commissioning Date. 
Nameplate Energy Capacity means the kWh energy capacity of the System set out in the System purchase agreement. 
EFTA00807566
--- PAGE 11 ---
Exhibit 2 - Energy Shortfall Damages 
Circumstances where Payment of Energy Shortfal Damages is Permitted 
Tesla may remedy any claims under Section 1(c) of this Limited Warranty by paying Energy Shortfall Damages unless 
(a) the Minimum Energy Retention Percentage for the Warranty Year in which the claim is made (as set out in fxhibit 
exceeds the Actual Energy Retention Percentage at the time of the claim by more than 5 percentage points10 or 
(b) the amount of the Energy Shortfall Damages, when aggregated with any previous Energy Shortfall Damages paid 
by Tesla under this Limited Warranty, exceeds 5% of the System Price. If paragraph (a) or (b) above applies to a 
claim, Tesla must repair or replace the System or component under Section Major al of the limited Warranty. 
Calculationoffnenty_Sbortfallnamages 
1. 
The "Energy Shortfall Damages" payable in respect of a United Warranty claim shall be calculated as 
follows: 
I[MERP (Warranty Year n) — AERP (Warranty Year n)] x Di x System Price 
MERP (Warranty Year i) x 365 days 
where: 
r 
Number of Warranty Years elapsed since the Commissioning Date, rounded up to the 
nearest Warranty Year. 
MERP 
= 
For any Warranty Year, the Minimum Energy Retention Percentage for that Warranty 
Year, as set out in Exhibit 1. 
AERP 
= 
For any Warranty Year, the Actual Energy Retention Percentage (as defined in Exhibit 
for that Warranty Year. 
= 
365. 
Example: The System Price was US$1,000,8O0. In Warranty Year 4, the MERP is 83%, the AERP is 81%, and Tesla 
has never previously paid any Energy Shortfall Damages. Testa may elect to pay Energy Shortfall Damages, and 
the amount of those Energy Shortfall Damages would be calculated as follows: 
[83% — 81%] x 365 
x 51,000,000 = 55,600 
[95%+ 91% + 88% + 83%] x 365 
If the System was 2MWh, this $5600 amount is equivalent to 50.38 for each kWh of throughput that was 'lost' 
in Contract Year 4 as a result of the AERP being lower than the MERP. 
2. 
If Tesla elects to pay Energy Shortfall Damages in respect of more than one claim made by System owner in 
the same Warranty Year, then the Energy Shortfall Damages payable by Tesla in respect of the second (and each 
subsequent) claim shall be calculated as (the Energy Shortfall Damages payable by Testa in respect of the second (or 
subsequent) claim] minus (the sum of oil Energy Shortfall Damages paid by Testa in respect of Limited Warranty 
claims made by System owner in the same Warranty Year]. 
Payment of Energy Shortfall Damages 
Tesla shall pay any Energy Shortfall Damages to System owner within 30 days of its election to do so under Section 
of this Limited Warranty, in the same currency as the System Price was denominated in the System purchase 
agreement. 
This subsection refers to absolute values. For example, if the Minimum Energy Retention Percentage Is 73%, then the Actual 
Energy Retention Percentage would have to be less than 68% in order for this subsection to apply. 
EFTA00807567
--- PAGE 12 ---
prosolar 
SYSTEMS 
Sales and Service Contract 
Our business relationships with our customers shall be based on our General Terms and Conditions of Sale, 
as defined below: 
1. Turn Key Service: Contractor is providing a "turn-key" system which includes all applicable standard 
hardware, 
materials, 
permits, 
panels, 
wiring, 
inverters, 
and 
inspection 
fees. 
2. Compliance to Building Codes: All work shall be completed in a workmanship like manner and in 
compliance with all building codes and other applicable laws. 
3. License Status: To the extent required by law all work shall be performed by individuals duly licensed 
and authorized by law to perform said work. 
4. Use of Subcontractors: Contractor may at its discretion engage subcontractors to perform work 
hereunder, provided Contractor shall fully pay said subcontractor and in all instances remain responsible for 
the proper completion of this Contract. 
5. Liens and Waivers of Liens: Contractor shall furnish Customer appropriate releases or waivers of lien for 
all work performed or materials provided at the time the next periodic payment shall be due. To protect 
Customer against liens being filed by Contractor, subcontractors and providers of materials, Contractor 
agrees that Final payment to Contractor shall be withheld by Customer until Contractor presents Customer 
with lien waivers, lien releases, or acknowledgment of full payment from each subcontractor and materials 
provider. 
6. Amendments or Changes to Scope of Work: The Contractor and Customer recognize that due to 
unforeseen events, or to factors unknown to the Client or Contractor when the contract was made; Customer 
may desire a mid-job change in the specifications that would add time and cost to the specified work, 
possibly an inconvenience to the Contractor; or Other provisions of the contract may not be carried out due 
to unforeseen events beyond the control of the parties and may require adjustments to this contract. The 
parties shall make a good faith attempt to agree on all necessary particulars. Such agreements shall be put in 
writing and signed by the parties to this contract. 
7. Liability Waiver: Contractor warrants it is adequately insured for injury to its employees and others 
incurring loss or injury as a result of the acts of Contractor or its employees and 
subcontractors. 
8. Permits and Approvals: Contractor shall at its own expense obtain all permits necessary for the work to 
be performed. 
9. Taxes: All applicable sales taxes included in quote price above. 
EFTA00807568
--- PAGE 13 ---
10. Dispute Resolution: All disputes hereunder shall be resolved by binding arbitration in accordance with 
the rules of the American Arbitration Association. 
11. Force Majeure: Contractor shall not be liable for any delay due to circumstances beyond its control 
including strikes, casualty or general unavailability of materials. Any starting or completion dates stated by 
us shall be subject to clarification of all technical details. Moreover, our obligation to meet any deadlines 
shall be based on the punctual and proper fulfillment of the customer's obligations. In the event of strikes, 
lockouts, Force Majeure, delayed shipments by suppliers or subcontractors or other causes hindering 
punctual Completion for reasons that we are not accountable for, we shall be entitled to extend the 
Completion date(s) by a reasonable amount of time." 
12. Materials: All materials shall be new, in compliance with all applicable laws and codes, and shall be 
covered by a manufacturer's warranty if appropriate. 
13. What Constitutes Completion: The work specified herein shall be considered completed upon approval 
by Customer, provided that Customer's approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. Except for the 
"retainage amount" of 10% of the contract price, substantial performance of the specified work in a 
workmanlike manner shall be considered sufficient grounds for Contractor to require final payment by 
Customer, 
except 
as 
provided 
in 
Liens 
and 
Waiver 
of 
Liens 
clause 
herein. 
14. Limited Warranties: Contractor will complete the specified work in a substantial and workmanlike 
manner according to standard practices prevalent in Contractor's trade. The specified work will comply 
with all applicable building codes and regulations. 
Contractor warrants that the labor provided as part of the specified work will be free from defects for a 
period of one (1) year from the date of completion. 
Major equipment as supplied by third-party(ies) manufacturer(s) shall be warranted in accordance with 
manufacturer's warranty. 
Contractor disclaims any liability for direct or indirect damages due to improper modifications, alterations 
or repair attempts, inappropriate use or operation, insufficient ventilation of electrical equipment, non-
compliance with relevant safety standards or regulations, flood, lightning, over voltage, storm, fire (acts of 
nature). 
Contractor will not be liable for any indirect or consequential damages, losses, costs or expenses however 
arising in contract or tort, including without restriction any economic losses of any kind, any loss or damage 
to property, any personal injury, any damage or injury arising from or as a result of misuse or abuse, or the 
incorrect operation of the equipment. 
15. Right of Cancellation: Customer may cancel this Contract within three (3) days after signature by 
notifying Contractor of such in writing. 
EFTA00807569
--- PAGE 14 ---
Make out all payments to "ProSolar Systems" 
Checks can be mailed to: 
ProSolar Systems 
PO Box 15694 
Tallahassee FL 32317 
Returned Checks: Any returned payment will be assessed a $50 returned check fee. 
Credit Cards: Credit card payments are assessed a 4% handling fee. 
Late Fee Policy: A late payment fee will be assessed if payment is received after the due date or if the payment received is less 
than the amount due. A late payment fee of $10 or 5% of the overdue amount, whichever is greater, will be assessed monthly on 
past due balances of $100.00 or more. 
Other Terms: All agreements between Customer and Contractor related to the specified work are incorporated in this Contract. 
Any modification to the Contract shall be in writing. 
I have read and agree to the above Sales Contract: 
Customer: 
(print name) 
Signature 
Date : 
/ 
I 
Contractor (ProSolar Systems, LLC :  
(print name) 
Signature 
Date : 
/ 
I 
EFTA00807570

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807571.pdf
----------------------------------------
prosolar 
ProSolar Systems LLC 
4011 New Hen-nhut Suite 200 
St Thomas, Vi in Islands 00802 
Office Phone 
Bill To 
2016_334 Great St James 
Great St James 
3-Phase Output Solar Retrofit 
3-Phase Output Solar Retrofit
Invoice 
Invoice Number: 
Invoice Date: 
Payment Terms: 
Invoice Due Date: 
Invoice Amount 
Created By: 
1171005330 
10/05/2017 
Due On 
Receipt 
10/05/2017 
98,000.00 
Brad Spemak 
Ship To 
2016_334 Great St James 
Item # 
Item Name 
Quantity 
Unit Price 
Taxable 
Total 
DC_Hyundai 295w replacement mod 
-Installation of Hyundai 295w module to rebuild 
existing PV array affected by storm 
-All mounting hardware and replacements included 
IRMA_DC 
-MC4 wire connection to remaining solar modules if 
necessary 
Hyundai 
295w 
-Testing & Re-commissioning of existing electrical 
runs, module strings, and solar inverters installed on 
property to original condition/functionality 
140.00 
700.00 
98,000.00 
-Removal of all broken parts, modules, and debris 
from storm 
-Testing and recommissioning of solar array to 
original condition 
Subtotal: 
$ 98,000.00 
Invoice Amount 
$ 98,000.00 
EFTA00807571

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807572.pdf
----------------------------------------
Specifications 
CAI 
Caterpillar is leading the power generation marketplace with 
Power Solutions engineered to deliver unmatched flexibility, 
expandability, reliability, and cost-effectiveness. 
Generator Set Specifications 
Height - Maximum 
1626 mm 
in 
Length - Maximum 
2500 mm 
98.4 in 
Width - Maximum 
1320 mm 
in 
Minimum Rating 
120 ekW 
Maximum Rating 
175 ekW 
Voltage 
208 to 480 Volts 
Frequency 
Hz 
Speed 
1800 RPM 
Generator Set Configurations 
Emissions/Fuel Strategy 
Non Regulated 
Engine Specifications 
Engine Model 
C7.1 1-6, 4-Cycle Diesel 
Compression Ratio 
16.5:1 
Aspiration 
Turbocharged, Air to Air Aftercooled 
Governor Type 
ADEMThA4 
Fuel System 
Common Rail 
Bore 
105 mm 
4.13 in 
Displacement 
7.01 8 
427.8 in3
Stroke 
135 mm 
5.31 in 
Benefits and Features 
Design Criteria 
AISS.ER:3-18595256.04S 
SS 201$ Cayarpdar WI [elms Reserved 
Repo sl•l or M.5 
EFTA00807572
--- PAGE 2 ---
C7.1 ACERT 
Electric Power 
CAT 
The generator set is designed to meet ISO8528-5 transient response and NFPA 110. 
Cooling system designed to operate in 50`C / 122`F ambient temperatures with an air flow restriction of 0.5 in. 
water 
Cat Diesel Engine 
Reliable, rugged, durable design 
Field-proven in thousands of applications worldwide 
Four-stroke-cycle diesel engine combines consistent performance and excellent fuel economy with minimum 
weight 
Generator 
Matched to the performance and output characteristics of Cat engines 
Industry leading mechanical and electrical design 
Industry leading motor starting capabilities 
IP 23 Protection 
Cat EMCP Control Panel 
The EMCP controller features the reliability and durability you have come to expect from your Cat equipment. 
The EMCP 4 is a scalable control platform designed to ensure reliable generator set operation, providing 
extensive information about power output and engine operation. EMCP 4 systems can be further customized to 
meet your needs through programming and expansion modules. The EMCP4.1 is fitted as standard 
World Wide Product Support 
Cat dealers provide extensive post-sale support including maintenance and repair agreements. Cat dealers have 
over 1,800 dealer branch stores operating in 200 countries. The Caterpillar S•O•SS"' program cost effectively 
detects internal engine component condition, even the presence of unwanted fluids and combustion by-products 
Single-Source Supplier 
Fully prototype tested with certified torsional vibration analysis available 
CE Certification 
General 
CE Certification available 
Single wall 8 hour wide fuel tank 
Circuit breaker. IEC, 3 pole 
Industrial Silencer (10 dBA) 
Standard Equipment 
Air Inlet System 
• Air Cleaner; light duty with disposable element 
Control Panels 
• EMCP 4.1 
Cooling System 
• Radiator and cooling fan with guards 
• Coolant drain line with valves 
• Fan drive, battery charging alternator drive 
• Caterpillar extended life coolant 
Exhaust System 
MRS-ERG-1859525640 OdI 
(S.7018 CaRrpdar WI RgMS Reserved 
Page M.? or M.5 
EFTA00807573
--- PAGE 3 ---
C7.1 ACERT 
Electric Power 
• Stub pipe, gaskets, raincap and SAE exhaust flange for customer use; shipped loose 
Generator and Generator Attachments 
• Voltage regulator (single phase sensing) 
• Segregated low voltage (AC/DC) wiring panel 
• 12 leads 
• IP23 protection 
• Tower panel, IP22, bottom cable entry 
• Circuit breaker, IEC, 3 pole, mounted in tower panel 
Fuel System 
• Standard open set fuel tank / base supplied 
• Base, formed steel with single wall integral 8-hour fuel tank 
Starling / Charging System 
• 24V battery with rack and cables 
Governing System 
• Mechanical and electrical governing system - model dependent 
Lube System 
• Lubricating oil 
• Oil drain line with valve 
Mounting System 
• Termination points for coolant and lube oil drain lines 
• Captive linear vibration isolators between base and engine-generator 
• Includes lifting provision and drag points 
General 
• Engine and alternator pre-paint, Caterpillar Yellow 
Optional Equipment 
Alternator System 
• R frame auxiliary winding: R2273L4 SE aux alt 07, aux alt 08 and aux alt 10 
• Alternator removal 
• Optional LC frame alternators 
• Optional LC frame alternator with coastal insulation protection 
• Permanent magnet 
• 3 Phase sensing 
• Quatrature droop king 
• Anti-condensation heater 
Circuit Breakers 
• 4 Pole 250A, 400A and 630A Circuit Breakers 
• Padlockable breaker device 
CAT 
AISSRPG.18595756.049 p41 
R.7018 Ca:miler AS RgMS Reserved 
Page' 11-3 0 IA-5 
EFTA00807574
--- PAGE 4 ---
C7.1 ACERT 
Electric Power 
Control System 
• EMCP 4.2 
• Static battery charger 
• Control panel heater 
• Volt free contacts for common alarm 
• Volt free contacts for generator set running 
Control Panel Options 
• Volt free contacts 
• Speed adjust contacts 
• Speed adjust potentiometer 
• Panel mounted audible alarm 
• Earth fault (2 wire only) 
• Earth leakage (2 wire only) 
• Overload shutdown via breaker 
• Battery charger 
• Emergency stop with key 
• Control panel heater 
Enclosures 
• Sound attenuated levels 1 and 2 enclosures 
• Rental options (CAE only) - Single point lift 
• Rental options (CAE only) - Rental pack 
• Rental options (CAE only) - CEE form sockets for enclosure 
• Rental options (CAE only) - Socket blanking plate 
Cooling System 
• Coolant heater 
• Low coolant temperature 
• Low coolant level shutdown 
European Certifications 
• Upgrade to STD set for CE 
Fuel Systems 
• Open set narrow tankbase 
• Skidbase for CALG enclosure sets 
• DEFRA bunded fuel tank 
• High fuel level alarm 
• Compact skidbase for open sets 
• Low fuel level shutdown 
• Low fuel level alarm 
Test Reports 
CAT 
MSS-ERG-185952564OCW 
*2018 Cgetoder M films Reserved 
Rage .1-4 of 11.5 
EFTA00807575
--- PAGE 5 ---
C7.1 ACERT 
Electric Power 
CAT 
• PGS test report @ 1.0 power factor 
• PGS test report @ 0.8 power factor 
General 
• Stone guards / radiator trans flange 
Global Certifications 
• Certification for CIS 
Mounting Options 
• Residential silencer 
• Silencer installation kit 
• Electronic governor 
• Battery removal 
• Industrial silencer removal 
Power Termination 
• Circuit breaker, IEC, 4 pole 
Accessories / Miscellaneous 
• Packing case - compact set 
• Packing case - canopied set 
Dimensional Art 
Dimensions 
Dimension 1 
Dimension 2 
Dimension 3 
Packaged genset 
2500 mm (98.4 in) 
1320 mm (52.0 in) 
1626 mm (64.0 in) 
The Immo:one System d tints IR Is used In M. publication. CAT. CATERPILLAR. Moir 
respective logos. AOEM. Eul. S•CaS. 'Caterpillar \settee and the 15oher Edge trade dress. as hell 
as corporate and product clonely used heroin, are trademarks of Cateriallar and may not be used 
without permission. 
MSSEPG-18595256.0a9 p41 
201$ Catem0ar All R.I.'S Reserved 
Pimp: M.5 of M-5 
EFTA00807576

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807577.pdf
----------------------------------------
IPI SALZBURG FORUM 
3-5 September 2017 
MAPPING THE NEW 
GEOPOLITICS 
PRISONERS OF GEOGRAPHY 
OR LORDS OF THE LAND? 
PROGRAM 
NIF #IPISF17 
Hotel Schloss Leopoldskron I LeopoldskronstraBe 56.5S 15020 Salzburg Austria 
EFTA00807577
--- PAGE 2 ---
IPI SALZBURG FORUM 2017 
Schloss Leopoldskron, 3-5 September 
CONCEPT 
We live in a pivotal moment of international affairs. Globalization and technology are 
disrupting industrial economies; wars in the Middle East are transforming the region; 
unprecedented numbers of people are on the move; the European Union has all but lost 
one of its largest members; and the terrible specter of climate change is becoming all too 
real as polar ice melts at an alarming rate. 
A survey of the world reveals tensions all over: On top of the disorder in the Middle East, 
you have great uncertainty in Europe following Brexit and the continuing conflict in 
Ukraine. In Asia, you have rising tensions on the Korean Peninsula and in the South China 
Sea. In Africa, South Sudan and the Lake Chad basin are sites of serious humanitarian 
concern that transcend national borders. In South America, Venezuela is in the midst of 
dire political and economic crisis. The list could go on and on. The world is changing 
rapidly and governments and international organizations are struggling to adapt. 
How do we understand this new reality? What is changing? And what is not? Do we need 
new maps to reflect the shifting landscape of geopolitics today? Politics change but 
geography is constant. How is migration creating a new Europe? How does China's 
expanding need for energy affect its relation with the world? How does Russia's age-old 
quest for a warm water port still impact its foreign policy? How will Africa's growing 
population and expanding urban economies change its global role? How has the conflict 
in Syria and Iraq upended the status quo of Sykes-Picot? And how can regional and 
multilateral institutions adapt to address the tensions that result from these 
developments? 
The 2017 IPI Salzburg Forum will address these questions and more. It will bring 
together an intimate high-level group of participants from diverse backgrounds, including 
the diplomatic, academic, and intelligence communities as well as current and former 
politicians, journalists, and representatives of civil society - to look at these pertinent 
questions and seek insights into the changing nature of geopolitical relations today with 
a particular focus on Europe and the Middle East. 
MAPPING THE NEW GEOPOLITICS 
Page 2 ol 9 
EFTA00807578
--- PAGE 3 ---
IPI SALZBURG FORUM 2017 
Schloss Leopoldskron, 3-5 September 
WELCOME TOUR 
Guided tour of the Schloss 
by Daniel Szelenyi, General Manager, Hotel Schloss Leopoldskron 
Sunday, 3 September 2017 I Guests will meet at the Hotel Reception, 19:30 
The International Peace Institute extends a warm welcome to all participants of the IPI 
Salzburg Forum 2017, "Mapping the New Geopolitics: Prisoners of Geography or Lords of 
the Land?" The first day will allow guests to familiarize themselves with the beautiful 
historic Schloss and its surroundings - home to famous theatre director and actor Max 
Reinhardt, and internationally renowned for the Sound of Music. A tour of the rococo 
palace and the estate will provide an opportunity to soak in the spirit of this stimulating 
venue, as well as socialize and exchange thoughts at a welcome dinner. 
Breakfast for the following two days will be provided starting at 7:30am in the Marble 
Hall of the palace. Information and orientation booklets for our guests will be provided 
upon check-in as part of the welcome package. All participants as well as the broader 
public are invited to join the conversation on Twitter, using the hashtag #IPISF17. 
Discussions will be held under the Chatham House Rule. 
MAPPING THE NEW GEOPOLITICS 
Page 3 019 
EFTA00807579
--- PAGE 4 ---
IPI SALZBURG FORUM 2017 
\ L.-ph:tuber 
OPENING APERITIF 
Get-together of participants and introduction 
Sunday, 3 September 2017 I Great Hall. 20:00 
WELCOME DINNER 
Sunday, 3 September 2017 I Marble Hall. 20:15 
WELCOME AND INTRODUCTION 
Terje Rod-Larsen 
President, International Peace Institute 
KEYNOTE ADDRESS 
Kevin Rudd 
President of the Asia Society Policy Institute and 
Former Prime Minister of Australia 
MAPPING THE NEW GEOPOLITICS 
Paged of 9 
EFTA00807580
--- PAGE 5 ---
IPI SALZBURG FORUM 2017 
Schloss Leopoldskron, 3-5 September 
SESSION 1 
Mapping the New Geopolitics 
Monday. 4 September 2017 I Library. 09:30 
There is much discussion today of the return of geopolitics. What has changed? What has 
stayed the same? Competition among the great powers remains a decisive factor in 
international affairs, but the terms of that competition is shifting. After a period of post-
Cold War quiescence, Russia is challenging the liberal international order in systematic 
fashion, and a new ambivalence emanating from Washington appears to weaken its 
defense. But the strength of institutions, including the North Atlantic alliance tempers 
claims of the system's demise. Meanwhile, China has stepped into the gap to claim the 
mantle of globalization's champion. In some quarters, Brexit portends the division of 
Europe, in others it is a rallying cry for unity on the Continent Interminable conflict and 
extremism have put in flux the map of the Middle East, but talk of the end of Sykes-Picot 
is premature. Alternative energy and new modes of extraction have diversified energy 
markets, but the importance of the Persian Gulf and the wider Middle East for the global 
economy remains essential. This session will provide the opportunity to discuss the big 
picture of geopolitics today. What are the essential points of contest? How can 
policymakers best balance the defense of national interests with the pursuit of global 
common goods? Where are we heading? And how can multilateral institutions best 
respond? 
WELCOME AND INTRODUCTION 
Adam Lupel 
Vice President, International Peace Institute 
CHAIRPERSON 
Terje Rod-Larsen 
President, International Peace Institute 
PANELISTS 
Turki Al Faisal 
Chairman, King Faisal Center for Research 
and Islamic Studies 
Antonio de Aguiar Patriota 
Ambassador of Brazil to Italy and Former Foreign 
Minister of Brazil 
Ana Palacio 
Former Foreign Minister of Spain and Founder of 
Palacio y Asociados 
Kevin Rudd 
President of the Asia Society Policy Institute and 
Former Prime Minister of Australia 
COFFEE BREAK 
Great Hall.11:00 
MAPPING THE NEW GEOPOLITICS 
Page 5 of 9 
EFTA00807581
--- PAGE 6 ---
IPI SALZBURG FORUM 2017 
Schloss Leopoldskron, 3-5 September 
SESSION 2 
Europe: Russia, Brexit, and the Future of the European Union 
Monday, 4 September 2017 I Library,11:30 
Three interrelated challenges are prominent in Europe today: the coherence of the EU 
following the Euro crisis and Brexit; the continuing struggle over Ukraine; and the 
political challenges precipitated in part by migration and refugee flows. Following recent 
elections in the UK and France, there is great uncertainty in Britain, but relief and rising 
optimism on the Continent. Still, the conflict in Ukraine persists and relations between 
Russia and the West are tense. Refugees and migrants continue to make the perilous 
journey across the Mediterranean by the thousands, and the populist right remains strong 
in Poland and Hungary—challenging the liberal democratic foundations of the European 
Union. As migrants and refugees continue to arrive in Europe, how will they change the 
demographic composition of Europe, and what political impact will they have? Does 
populism remain a challenge for European institutions? How will the new relation 
between the UK and the EU evolve? What is the endgame in Ukraine? And what impact 
will the Trump administration have on the long-term stability of the North Atlantic 
Alliance? 
CHAIRPERSON 
Natalie Nougayrede 
Foreign Affairs Commentator and Editorial Board Member, 
The Guardian 
PANELISTS 
Paul Bekkers 
Director, Office of the Secretary-General, OSCE 
Snezana Samardiie-Markovie Director-General for Democracy, Council of Europe 
Steven Erlanger 
New York Times Chief Diplomatic Correspondent 
for Europe 
Udo K. Janz 
Former Head of UN High Commissioner of Refugees, 
New York Office 
GROUP PHOTO 
Great Hall. 13:00 
LUNCH 
Marble Hall. 13:15 
MAPPING THE NEW GEOPOLITICS 
) 
EFTA00807582
--- PAGE 7 ---
IPI SALZBURG FORUM 2017 
Schloss Leopoldskron, 3-5 September 
SESSION 3 
Changing Relations in the Middle East and North Africa: What Comes Next? 
Monday. 4 September 2017 I Library, 15:00 
In recent years, the Middle East and North Africa has been riven by internal and external 
rivalries: between Sunnis and Shia, between Iran and Saudi Arabia, and between the US 
and Russia, among others. Conflict and violent extremism has visited untold destruction 
upon Iraq, Libya, Syria, and Yemen; and a diplomatic crisis has divided the Gulf. How will 
these rivalries evolve in the coming years, and what political manifestations will they 
take? What comes next? As Daesh continues to lose territory in the region, how will 
governments respond to its continuing threat? What would constitute a durable peace in 
its wake? How has the refugee crisis transformed the demographics of the region in 
countries like Jordan or Lebanon? And what political impact will that have? As water 
scarcity rises as an issue, will hydro-diplomacy provide a potential area of cooperation or 
of further conflict? How will the changing roles of Turkey and Russia in the region impact 
interstate relations? 
CHAIRPERSON 
Nasra Hassan 
PANELISTS 
Mahmoud Gebril 
Sid Ahmed Ghozali 
Abubakr Qirbi 
Barham Salih 
Senior• Advisor, International Peace Institute 
Former Prime Minister of Libya 
Former Prime Minster of Algeria 
Former Foreign Minister of Yemen 
Former Prime Minister of Regional Government of 
Iraqi Kurdistan, former Deputy Prime Minister, Iraq 
MAPPING THE NEW GEOPOLITICS 
td 9 
EFTA00807583
--- PAGE 8 ---
IPI SALZBURG FORUM 2017 
I O,rold,4OO, 
SESSION 4 
Closed-Door Session of the Task Force for Regional Cooperation 
in the Middle East 
Monday. 4 September 2017 I Library. 17:30 
PIANO CONCERT 
Performance by Damir Sertic 
Great Hall. 18:00 
COCKTAIL RECEPTION 
Great Hall. 19:15 
DINNER 
Marble Hall. 20:00 
MAPPING THE NEW GEOPOLITICS 
1'acc 8 
EFTA00807584
--- PAGE 9 ---
IPI SALZBURG FORUM 2O17 
Schloss Leopoldskron, 3-5 September 
SIGHTSEEING & DEPARTURE 
Tuesday, 5 September 2017 
Experiencing Salzburg: A Scenic Depth of History 
This year marks the 201st anniversary of when Salzburg became part of Austria. 
On May 1, 1816, as a result of the Treaty of Paris following the Napoleonic Wars, this city 
and region were integrated into Austria. Two centuries later we have the privilege to 
convene the IPI Salzburg Forum in this vibrant and open city that combines the best of the 
old world with the dynamism of the new, in beautiful natural surroundings. 
The International Peace Institute wholeheartedly thanks all participants for their 
contributions to the IPI Salzburg Forum 2017, "Mapping the New Geopolitics: Prisoners 
of Geography or Lords of the Land?". As a pleasant conclusion of this fruitful high-profile 
conference, we suggest our guests indulge in the scenic surroundings of Schloss 
Leopoldskron - especially the beautiful historic city center of Salzburg and stunning views 
from the Hohensalzburg Castle. Touristic information is available at the hotel reception. 
ABOUT IPI 
www.ipinst.org 
The International Peace Institute (IPI) is an independent, international not-for-profit 
think tank dedicated to managing risk and building resilience to promote peace, security, 
and sustainable development. To achieve its purpose, IPI employs a mix of policy 
research, strategic analysis, publishing, and convening. 
The Institute was founded in 1970 as the International Peace Academy (IPA), which 
focused on training military officers and diplomats for United Nations peacekeeping 
operations. In 2008, the organization changed its name to the International Peace 
Institute to reflect its current identity as a research institution that works with and 
supports multilateral institutions, governments, civil society, and the private sector on a 
range of regional and global security challenges. IPI also carries out work in and on Africa, 
the Middle East, Europe, and Central Asia. With a staff from more than twenty countries 
and a broad range of academic fields, IPI has offices facing United Nations Headquarters 
in New York and offices in Vienna and Manama. IPI partners with regional organizations, 
think tanks, universities, and NGOs to conduct research, produce publications, and 
convene meetings in many parts of the world. 
MAPPING THE NEW GEOPOLITICS 
EFTA00807585

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807586.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transaction structure 
Current ownership 
Founding 
Partners 
100% 
BASE 
HoldCo 
100% 
Project's Rights & 
Intellectual 
Property 
Registration of BASE HoldCo 
(Bahrain) (the Company) 
2. Assign all BASE project rights to the 
Company 
3. Company audit and reports 
Acquisition of 80% + 20% Call Option 
New 
Investors 
Knowledge Transfer 
Founding 
Partners 
80% 
BASE 
HoldCo 
100% 
Project's Rights & 
Intellectual 
Property 
20/o 
Call Option 
(Now Investors) 
4. Founding Partners sell 80% of the Company's equity directly to New Investors 
5. Founding Partners sell a Call Option to New Investors to acquire remaining 20% at 
beginning of step 17 — Construction & Commissioning 
6. New Investors fund the Company to cover all development costs and senior lenders' 
financing requirements for permitting, licensing and project design / master plan 
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00807586
--- PAGE 2 ---
Value chain & Workstreams 
Value chain 
CC
Lu O 
to 
in 
CC O 
Alternative sites 
selection 
Permitting & land 
negotiations 
Execution of 
Agreements with 
Operators 
Not exhaustive 
Completed Master 
Plan & Feasibility 
financial study 
Reconnaissance 
surveys & industry 
studies 
Project Engineering 
Construction & 
commissioning 
Secure Offers from 
Operators 
Pre-feasibility 
financial study 
Financing & EPC 
negotiations 
Construction & 
Operating licenses 
Planning 
Planning 
it 0 
Identification 
Construction 
u. 
Phase 1 
Phase 2 
2018 
2018-19 
2019-20 
2020-24 
Main steps & Workstreams 
1. LOI - Nonbinding Offer 
2. Land acquisition terms 
3. Market study & Analysis 
4. Pre-feasibility Financial 
Study 
5. Register BASE HoldCo 
6. Approach Senior Lenders 
7. Obtain Binding Offer/A •uisition 
8. Secure Land Rights 
Feasibility 
Financial Study 
10. Begin negotiations with EPC 
contractors 
11. Negotiate and Secure Offers from 
Operators 
12. Obtain Construction & Operating 
Licenses 
13. Secure EPC contractors 
14. Secure Offers from 
Operators 
15. Complete Project 
Engineering 
16. Secure Senior Debt 
Financing 
Begin constructi 
New Investors 
exercise Call Optl 
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00807587
--- PAGE 3 ---
Corporate & Financing structures 
New Investors own 100% of BASE HoldCo since beginning of construction 
• Arena 
• Mall 
• Gaming 
• Aqua Pam 
• Art District 
CAPEX 
Business units 
operated by 
Concessionaires 
Operators 
per Business Unit 
Senior Lenders 
per Business Unit 
(Local Bank) 
New 
Investors 
Equity 
100% 
• Tech & Edutainment 
• Food District 
• Hotel 
• Sports Complex 
Parking 
CAPEX 
• Piazza • Parks 
• Dock 
• Lake 
• Ring 
Infrast ucture 
directly managed 
by BASE 
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00807588
--- PAGE 4 ---
Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) 
(preliminary base-case) 
Portfolio Companies 
Indoor / Outdoor 
Development Costs 
areas (m2) 
EPC (USS/m2) 
US$ '000 
The Arena (11,000 pax) 
The Piazza 
The Dock 
The Mall 
The Ring 
The Gaming 
The Aqua park 
The Art District 
Tech & Edutainment park 
The Food District 
The Hotel (250 rooms) 
The Sports Complex 
Parking 
Parks 
The Lake 
27,000 
5,000 
8,000 
70,000 
15,000 
29,500 
108,000 
30,000 
80,000 
27,500 
25,000 
100,000 
130,000 
170,000 
45,000 
3,400 
500 
750 
1,250 
750 
1,008 
1,363 
1,100 
894 
1,086 
2,000 
908 
346 
431 
600 
91,800 
2,500 
6,000 
87,500 
11,250 
29,750 
147,200 
33,000 
71,500 
29,875 
50,000 
90,750 
45,000 
73,250 
27,000 
Total 
870,000 
915 
796,375 ,) 
Business model 
 All infrastructure is owned by 
the Shareholder, with a 
single exploration option: 
concession 
 Businesses units operated by 
Concessionaires: Arena, 
Mall, Gaming, Aqua Park, Art 
District, Tech & Edutainment, 
Food District, Hotel and 
Sports Complex 
 Infrastructure directly 
managed by the Shareholder 
are all non-profit units (i.e. 
Piazza, Dock, Ring, Parking, 
Parks, Lake and other 
administrative buildings and 
pathways, etc.) 
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00807589
--- PAGE 5 ---
Detailed CAPEX & Other project costs 
Portfolio Companies 
Areas 
(m2) 
Indoor 
EPC 
(US$/m2) 
Cost 
(US$ '000) 
Area 
m2 
Outdoor 
EPC 
US$/m2
US$ '000 
Total 
US$ '000 
The Arena (11,000 pax) 
24,000 
3,750 
90,000 
3,000 
600 
1,800 
91,800 
The Piazza 
5,000 
500 
2,500 
2,500 
The Dock 
8,000 
750 
6,000 
6,000 
The Mall 
70,000 
1,250 
87,500 
87,500 
The Ring 
15,000 
750 
11,250 
11,250 
The Gaming 
20,000 
1,250 
25,000 
9,500 
500 
4,750 
29,750 
The Aqua park 
20,000 
3,750 
75,000 
88,000 
820 
72,200 
147,200 
The Art District 
20,000 
1,250 
25,000 
10,000 
800 
8,000 
33,000 
Tech & Edutainment park 
50,000 
1,250 
62,500 
30,000 
300 
9,000 
71,500 
The Food District 
17,500 
1,250 
21,875 
10,000 
800 
8,000 
29,875 
The Hotel (250 rooms) 
25,000 
2,000 
50,000 
50,000 
The Sports Complex 
15.000 
2,000 
30,000 
85,000 
715 
60,750 
90,750 
Parking 
130,000 
350 
45,000 
45,000 
Parks 
170,000 
430 
73,250 
73,250 
The Lake 
45,000 
600 
27,000 
27,000 
Sub-total 
261,500 
1,785 
466,875 
608,500 
542 
329,500 '
796,375,..„ 
Project Mgmt 
(10%) 
0,179 
46,688 
0.54 
32,950 
79,638 
Contingencies 
(10%) 
0,179 
46,688 
0.54 
32,950 
79,638 
Total 
2,143 
560,251 
650 
395,400 (
955,651_,, 
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00807590

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807591.pdf
----------------------------------------
EIIV Group 
Illustrative Proposed Fund Indicative Terms & Structur ') 
Indicative Term Sheet 
Investment Structure 
Total Size: 
$50MM Warehouse 
Borrower: 
Use of 
Proceeds: 
Newly formed Special Acquisition Vehicle, wholly owned 
by the lender 
Acquisition of music catalogue and minority interest in 
production company. Assets to be rolled in to permanent 
capital vehicle upon completion of final raise. 
Security: 
First lien and first priority interest in acquired assets 
Acquired by EIIV Funds upon formation with a first closing 
Put / Call: 
at least equal to the acquisition price plus accrued 
interest, fees and expenses. 
Tenor: 
months with two 6 month extensions 
Pricing: 
12% per annum, minimum of 6 months of interest 
Lender 
Origination 
1.5% 
Fee: 
Lender GP 
20% of passive carried interest on music royalty assets in 
Interests: 
to be formed vehicle, subject to dilution 
MS Role: 
Placement Agent, Structuring Agent 
Newly formed entity led by Jon Jashni & Lylette Pizarro 
Manager: 
and expected to be owned 20% by major music label and 
9.9% by Morgan Stanley. 
Tax 
A covenant shall be included requiring the parties to treat 
Treatment: 
the $50MM loan as equity for tax purposes 
EIIV Manager 
(Strategic — 20% / 
Management — 80%) 
I
EIIV Funds, GP 
(Strategic — 20% 
Bridge Investors — 20% / 
Management - 60%) 
2% Management 
Fee 
EIIV Funds. LP 
Assets Purchased 
wi Warehouse 
20% Carry above 
8% Hurdle 
$50MM from 
Fundraise 
I 
I 
$50MM Warehouse 
I 
(12% Coupon) 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
$24MM Music 
S3.5MM Stake in 
Additional Dry 
I 
Library 
Production Co. 
Powder (2) 
I 
Holes: 
I. No runan--e: can be made that the proposed fund will launch Or achieve its ObECCOVOS 
2. W 
al
I el fees assooed wan a:qui:dial el music %ray and minenty slake in predunen cencarry (-$I5MM) 
EFTA00807591
--- PAGE 2 ---
EIIV Group 
Disclaimer 
You acknowledge and understand that: (i) the EIIV Investments MR-A M. and related investment vehicles (the "EIIV Fund") has not launched or begun investment activities and 
there is no guarantee that the EIIV Fund, or any other related investment vehicle of EIIV, will launch or begin investment activities; (ii) there is no guarantee that the EIIV Fund 
will be profitable and not incur substantial losses; (iii) the existence of any "carried interest" in respect of the EIIV Fund and its general partner is highly uncertain and subject to 
various risks, uncertainties and other factors that are outside Morgan Stanley and EIIV Group LLC's control; and (iv) there is no guarantee that any "carried interest" or other 
profit interest will materialize or have any value to any investors. 
The materials provided in the data room are provided solely for purposes of assessing an investment in the transaction proposed therein. No solicitation for the EIIV Fund should 
be presumed nor can any investment in the EIIV Fund be made without an offering memorandum with respect to the EIIV Fund. 
You hereby acknowledge that you will rely on your own assessment of the materials provided in the data room solely for purposes of the transaction described therein. You 
acknowledge that the sponsors and their agents have no liability for the contents of any of the information contained in the data room with respect to the EIIV Fund. 
The materials contained in this data room (the "Materials") are provided on a confidential basis solely for the information of those persons granted access to this data room by 
EIIV Group LLC ("EM. The Materials, including the information contained therein, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, posted, transmitted, distributed, disseminated 
or disclosed, in whole or in part, to any other person in any way without the prior written consent of EIIV (individually or together with their affiliates as the context requires, "EIIV 
Group", "we" or "our") or as required by applicable law. By accessing the Materials, you agree that you will comply with these confidentiality restrictions and acknowledge that 
your compliance is a material inducement to our providing the Materials to you. 
The Materials are provided for informational and reference purposes only with respect to the transaction described herein (the 'Transaction") and is not intended to be, and must 
not be, taken as the basis for an investment decision. By acceptance of the Materials, you acknowledge and agree that: (i) by participating in the Transaction, you will not be an 
investor in the fund entity referred to as "EIIV Fund" and/or any affiliates and/or subsidiaries related thereto; (ii) offers and sales of interests in EIIV Fund will be made only 
pursuant to a confidential offering memorandum of EIIV Fund and in accordance with applicable securities laws and the Materials are not intended to be, and is not, an offer for a 
sale of interests in EIIV Fund and/or any affiliate and/or subsidiary related thereto; (iii) the information contained herein does not purport to be a complete description of the 
Transaction and the risks associated with an investment therein; (iv) the Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC ("Morgan Stanley") and its affiliates (and all entities directly or indirectly 
controlled by Morgan Stanley, and their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates and agents, collectively (the "Morgan Stanley Group') makes no representation or 
warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the Materials and the information contained herein and has no obligation to update such information; and (v) the Materials and 
any oral information provided in connection with the Materials must be held in strict confidence and must not be communicated, reproduced, distributed or disclosed to any other 
person, or referred to publicly, in whole or in part at any time except with our prior written consent. 
The contents hereof should not be construed as investment, legal, tax or other advice. Investors should consult their own advisers as to legal, business, tax and other related 
matters concerning the Transaction. 
The Transaction referenced herein may not be suitable for all investors. Investors must conduct their own independent investigations, review and analysis of the Transaction as 
considered necessary or appropriate, and must not rely on any statements or other information provided herein. 
Certain assumptions have been made regarding the historical performance information included herein, and such performance information is presented by way of example only. 
Statements in this material are stated as of the dates specified herein. No representation or warranty (express or implied) is made or can be given with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information in this material. No representation is made that the performance presented will be achieved. Any changes to assumptions could have a material 
impact on the investment returns that are presented by way of example. Returns for any period may be attributable to certain market conditions and timing of transaction, which 
may not be repeated. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Actual results may vary. 
Certain information contained herein may constitute forward-looking statements. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events, results or the performance of a fund may 
differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. 
The market analysis, estimates and similar information, including all statements of opinion and/or belief, contained herein are subject to inherent uncertainties and qualifications 
and are based on a number of assumptions. All statements in the Materials (and any oral statements made by Morgan Stanley personnel regarding the Materials) other than 
historical facts are forward-looking statements, which rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events and are subject to a number of uncertainties and factors outside 
of the Morgan Stanley's control which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. 
EFTA00807592
--- PAGE 3 ---
EIIV Group 
Disclaimer 
PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURES 
The performance information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS, AND NEITHER MORGAN 
STANLEY NOR ANY OF ITS AFFIUATES MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION IN THIS REGARD. Moreover, wherever there is the potential for profit there is also the possibility of loss. There can be 
no assurance that any EIIV Group will be able to earn the rates of return indicated in the Materials or otherwise be successful. 
Any targeted rates of return included in these Materials are hypothetical returns, and are for illustrative purposes only. Accordingly, no assumptions or comparisons should be made based upon 
these returns. Hypothetical returns are subject to inherent limitations, including, but not limited to. that hypothetical returns do not take into account the impact that market and economic risks, such 
as defaults. prepayments, and reinvestment rates. may have on actual performance. While EIIV Group believes that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the 
impact of known factors, and, of course. It is impossible for EIIV Group to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Future events may differ from such assumptions and hypothetical 
returns are subject to inherent limitations. In no circumstances should the targeted rates of returns included in these Materials be regarded as a representation, warranty or prediction by EIIV or 
Morgan Stanley of any particular performance that its managed funds would achieve or are likely to achieve, nor as a representation, warranty or prediction that any investors in such funds would be 
able to avoid losses, including total losses of their investment. 
EXIT PROJECTIONS 
Any exit projections included in these Materials are hypothetical, and are for illustrative purposes only. Accordingly, no assumptions or comparisons should be made based upon these exit 
projections. Hypothetical exit projections are subject to inherent limitations, including, but not limited to. that hypothetical projections do not take into account the impact that market and economic 
risks may have on actual performance. While EIIV believes that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and, of course. It is 
impossible for EIIV to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Future events may differ and hypothetical exit projections are subject to inherent limitations. In no circumstances 
should the exit projections included in these Materials be regarded as a representation, warranty or prediction by EIIV or Morgan Stanley of any particular performance that its managed funds would 
achieve or are likely to achieve. 
Morgan Stanley has not considered the actual or desired investment objectives. goals, strategies. guidelines, or factual circumstances of any potential investor in any fund(s). Before making any 
investment, each investor should carefully consider the risks associated with the investment, and make a determination based upon their own particular circumstances, that the investment is 
consistent with their investment objectives and risk tolerance. Investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended period of time 
before making an investment. 
Conditions of Access 
I am being granted access to the information contained on this site solely in order to review certain information of EIIV Group, LLC and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the 'EIIV Parties") related to 
a possible acquisition of certain assets on behalf of the EIIV Parties' (the "Proposed Transaction"). I understand that my access to this site is expressly subject to the following conditions: 
1. All of the information contained on this site is strictly confidential. and my access to it is conditioned upon my acknowledgment of, and my agreement to maintain, that confidentiality. I will maintain 
the information in confidence and will not disclose any of the information to others except as required to complete the Proposed Transaction. 
2. I will not attempt to download, scan. copy, print or otherwise capture any of the information contained on the site, except that I may view, print or download information for which the view. print or 
download capability has been enabled as indicated by the site index. I will not attempt to circumvent any of the security features of the site, and will not enable or allow others to access the site using 
my authorization to the site. 
3. The information on this site has been assembled by the EIIV Parties in response to document requests by participants in the Proposed Transaction and their representatives. I understand that I 
should not assume that such information is accurate as of any date other than the date when it was posted or that there has been no changes since that date. None of the EIIV Parties or any of their 
affiliates or representatives is making any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, with respect to such information. 
4. I acknowledge that the information and materials provided herein supersede any previous information or material, whether written or oral, I may have received from EIIV or. otherwise. 
By clicking on the "I Accept" button below. I acknowledge that I have read, undentand, and agree to be bound by. the above conditions. 
EFTA00807593

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807594.pdf
----------------------------------------
REYL 
innovative banking 
PROJECT RAPHAEL 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
USD 35M FUNDING FOR A LUXURY COMPLEX 
IN SAO PAULO 
October 2017 
WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
CORPORATE & FAMILY GOVERNANCE 
CORPORATE ADVISORY & STRUCTURING 
ASSET SERVICES 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
EFTA00807594
--- PAGE 2 ---
Source: Company's presentation. Layout view. 
THE OFFERING 
) 
An International real estate, hospitality and retail group, (the "Sponsor"), is looking to raise 
financing to provide additional equity in the largest ongoing heritage renovation project in 
Brazil (the "Project"). 
• 
The Sponsor is the majority shareholder in the Project. The co-Investor is a global 
leader in the luxury and hospitality industry. 
• 
The Sponsor and its co-investor have a successful track record in the development 
of highly luxurious opportunities. 
• 
The Sponsor indirectly owns through three sub-holdings (the "Sub-Holdings" and 
Individually the "Sub-Holding A", "Sub-Holding B" and "Sub-Holding C") a majority 
stake in a Brazilian Fundos de Investimento em Patticipagoes (the "Brazilian FIP"). 
) 
A total amount of USD 35m Is raised through a Luxembourg SPV which has ultimately 
direct title or security over the Sub-Holdings' controlling stake in the Brazilian FIP. 
) 
A EUR Issuance is also possible depending on investors' appetite. 
Co-investor 
Sub-Holding A 
The Project 
IC
REYL
&wily OwnerShO 
53Stng StniCture
O 
srtifinutaenQng 
—> 
FUndSkow 
Sr
e
innovative banking 
Investors 
Capital increase/ 
MOW) nicest 
Confidential I CORPORATE ADVISORY & STRUCTURING I 1 
EFTA00807595
--- PAGE 3 ---
PROJECT'S HIGHLIGHTS 
> The investment opportunity consists in the financing of part of the development costs of a 
multi-use village with a luxury and trendy hotel, apartment suites, shops, offices, galleries 
and restaurants in the most populated and wealthiest city in Brazil. 
> Located in the center of Sao Paulo, close to museums, cultural centers, a major university 
and international companies' headquarters, the Project is one of the highest profile project 
in Brazil. 
> Construction started in 2015 and the development is expected to end mid-2019. All permits 
have been granted. The Project is expected to generate positive cash flows in its first year 
of operation and to reach a Net Operating Income ("NOI") of USD 40m by year 2022. 
> Remaining construction costs until the Project completion mid 2019 are BRL ,-900m (USD 
-300m equivalent) including permit, marketing and sales expenses as well as general and 
administrative expenses. Over USD 290m of equity has already been invested in the 
Project. 
> The Sponsor is partnering with acclaimed architects and designers as well as a top luxury 
hotel brand. 
KEY TERMS 
Issuer 
Luxembourg SPV 
Issue Date 
November 2017 
Currency and Amount 
USD 35,000,000. EUR tranche may as well be contemplated. 
Industry Sector 
Use of Proceeds 
Real Estate & Hospitality 
Finance a capital increase in Sub-Holding B, itself participating in a 
corresponding capital increase in the Brazilian FIP 
PIK Notes with Warrants 
Transaction Type 
Interest Rate 
10% PIK 
Repayment Type 
Bullet 
Tenor 
years 
Warrants 
Each investor shall be granted detachable warrants (the "Warrants") in the 
form of ordinary shares in Sub-Holding B. The Warrants may be converted 
during the Election Period by each investor up to [50%] of its principal 
amount, at the discounted price (the "Discounted Price"). 
The Discounted Price will be derived from the equity value of the Brazilian 
FIP determined in a valuation report performed by a leading accounting 
firm (the "Valuation Report"), to which a [200/0] discount will be applied. 
The Valuation Report shall be made available by the Sponsor to each 
investor at least 30 days prior to the beginning of the Election Period. 
The Election Period refers to the period starting 60 days after the 3r4
anniversary of the Issue Date and ending on the 150 days after the r 
anniversary of the Issue Date. 
Security Package 
Included but not limited to share pledge and direct title over a controlling 
stake in the Brazilian FIP 
Possible after year 2 with a 30 day notice period, a prepayment fee of 3% 
and a warrant make-whole premium of 7% 
Euroclear, Clearstream 
Early Repayment 
Clearing House 
Listing 
No 
> The Project starts running at full capacity in 2021 when Management expects the Project's 
value to reach BRL 2,265m. Investors who elect to convert will benefit from the Project's 
significant upside potential generated onward. 
REYL 
innovative banking 
Confidential I CORPORATE ADVISORY & STRUCTURING I 2 
EFTA00807596
--- PAGE 4 ---
> Alternatively, the Issuer might consider an equity transaction for the entire amount on an 
accelerated time table basis. 
PROJECT OVERVIEW 
The Project consists in the gathering of multiple businesses such as a luxury hotel, an office 
building, a parking and a retail village, all located in a 145,000m2 park. It is described by a well-
known American newspaper as one of the "best development projects in the world". 
The Project's segments are described in further details below. 
Hosoitality 
A luxury hotel with 150 rooms and 120 suites includes multiple amenities such as 4 restaurants, 2 
bars, 2 pools, an event center with a cinema, chapel and meeting rooms. 
> Tower Suites 
• 
Over 120 units for a surface of -, 22,000m2. 
• 
75% of the suites are expected be sold during the construction period and the 
remaining post completion. 
• 
The tower is designed by Jean Nouvel and is intended to become the symbol of Sao 
Paulo. 
• 
Sale of suites is expected to raise over BRL 760m (USD 240m equivalent). 
> Hotel rooms 
• 
Over 150 keys operated by an international operator. With over 50 hotels in 18 
countries across multiple brands, the hotel manager is the world's fastest growing 
luxury hotel company. 
• 
The hotel is designed by the famous designer Philippe Starck. 
• 
The NOI is expected to reach a steady level of USD 20m by 2021. 
Retail 
> 2 retail segments are developed: an experience store and a village with multiple stores. 
Both segments cover an area of 22,000m2 to be leased. 
> Tenants include luxury flagships and departments stores. Over 60 brands are represented, 
including numerous premium/luxury brands currently not available in Brazil today. 
> The online operations of the experience store are performed by a JV with a luxury online 
leader that will boost the company's earnings by an additional income on e-sales 
equivalent to 45% of net revenues. 
• 
Logistic operations allow delivery throughout Sao Paulo within 40 minutes, and 
within Brazil within 1 day. 
> Excluding online operations, the retail business is expected to have an NOI of BRL 44m 
(USD 14m equivalent) by 2022 and BRL 55m (USD 17.5m equivalent) by 2025. 
U,pi dn 
> 2 connected parking lots offer 1,400 parking places. One is for office and residential use 
while the other is opened to the public. 
> The management contract is being finalized with the largest parking operating company in 
Brazil. 
Office 
> Green building over a 7,000m2 area. 
REYL 
innovative banking 
Confidential I CORPORATE ADVISORY & STRUCTURING 13 
EFTA00807597
--- PAGE 5 ---
)0 
Lease is 15 years. A contract with an international company is currently being negotiated. 
)0 NOI is expected to reach a steady level of BRL 9m (USD 3m equivalent) by 2021. 
The Project alms to become the main showcase of Brazilian culture and know-how. It is located 
over an entire block surrounded by a park and includes 35 restaurants. A theater, exhibition hall, 
music studio, chapel and ballroom are created to improve entertainment opportunities. The most 
famous Brazilian artists are contributing to the success of the Project. 
Source : Company's presentations. 
IC
REYL  
innovative banking 
Confidential I CORPORATE ADVISORY & STRUCTURING 14 
EFTA00807598
--- PAGE 6 ---
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
> Multiple segments provide the Project with several sources of cash flows, primarily coming 
from the hospitality and retail operations. 
> Total annual NOI of the Project is expected to reach and stabilize at BRL —130m (USD 
--40m) by 2022. 
Revenues and EBITDA margin of the Project 
Newooestu 
800 
700 
600 
500 -
400 -
300 
200 
100 
-100 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
EMMA 
Revenues 
— 
EMMA margin 
100% 
BO% 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
-20% 
-40% 
2018/19 revenues and consequently EBITDA are higher due to the 
non-recurring revenues derived from the sale of the Tower Suites 
Expected breakdown NOI by segment in 2022 
Parking 
(Office/ 
Residential) 
2% 
Parking 
Department 
8% 
Store 
3% 
7% 
Spa/ gym 
4% 
> The Project offers an attractive return in a turn-around Brazilian economic backdrop. 
> Indicative Enterprise Value in 2021 for the Project is conservatively expected to amount to 
BRL 2,265m (USD 750m equivalent). 
> Indicative Sources and Uses for the entire Project (incurred and expected) are displayed in 
the below table. 
Indicative S&U as of end 2019 
In in/Non SAL 
Sources 
Uses 
local Bank A 
200 
Construction costs 
900 
Local Bank B 
290 
Operating expenses 
505 
Total Debt 
490 
Senior loan interests payments 
319 
Senior loan amortization 
177 
Equity 
590 
NOI 
Pre-flat sales 
767 
Total sources 
1'901 
Total uses 
1'901 
> As of May 2017, equity investments of -490m BRL covered most costs related to land and 
license approvals, as well administrative and marketing expenses. Most of the remaining 
expenses earmarked for construction are to be financed with the envisioned equity 
injection and 2 senior loans currently being finalized with major Brazilian banks. 
> The co-investor has agreed to provide additional funding by up to USD 70m if necessary in 
order to guarantee project completion. 
Note: SRL / LOW exchange rare as of September 2t' of 1 USD = 3.14 SRL. 
REYL 
innovative banking 
Confidential I CORPORATE ADVISORY & STRUCTURING 15 
EFTA00807599
--- PAGE 7 ---
Disclaimer 
This document has been prepared by REYL & Cie Ltd, an affiliate 
of REYL & Cie Holding Ltd. REYL & Cie Holding Ltd, its sub-
sidiaries, branches and affiliates are referred to herein as REYL. 
This document is for distribution only as may be permitted by law. 
It is not directed to, or intended for distribution to any person or 
address in the United States of America, to or use by, any person 
or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any locality, 
state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, 
publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or 
regulation or would subject REYL to any registration or licensing 
requirement within such jurisdiction. It is published solely for 
information purposes; No representation or warranty, either 
express or implied, is provided in relation to the accuracy, 
completeness or reliability of any information contained in this 
document ("the Information"), except with respect to Information 
concerning REYL. The Information is not intended to be a 
complete statement or summary of the securities, markets or 
developments referred to in the document. REYL does not 
undertake to update or keep current the Information. Any 
opinions expressed in this document may change without notice 
and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by other 
business areas or groups of REYL. 
Nothing in this document constitutes a representation that any 
investment strategy or recommendation is suitable or appropriate 
to an Investor's individual circumstances or otherwise constitutes 
a personal recommendation. Investments involve risks, and 
investors should exercise prudence and their own judgement in 
making their investment decisions. The financial instruments 
described in the document may not be eligible for sale in all 
jurisdictions or to certain categories of Investors. For investment 
advice, trade execution or other enquiries, clients should contact 
their relationship manager. 
The value of any investment or income may go down as well as 
up, and investors may not get back the full amount invested. Past 
performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. 
Neither REYL nor any of its directors, employees or agents 
accepts any liability for any loss (including investment loss) or 
damage arising out of the use of all or any of the Information. 
The Information and disclosures contained in this document 
produced by REYL shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with Swiss law. 
This document is confidential and REYL specifically prohibits the 
redistribution of this document in whole or in part without the 
written permission of REYL and REYL accepts no liability 
whatsoever for the actions of third parties in this respect. 
© Copyright 2016 REYL. All rights reserved. 
GENERAL CONTACT 
REYL & Cie Ltd 
Rue du Rh8ne 62 
1204 Geneva 
Switzerland 
T +41 22 816 80 00 
F +41 22 816 80 01 
www.reyl.com 
REYL  
innovative banking 
Confidential I CORPORATE ADVISORY & STRUCTURING 16 
EFTA00807600

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807601.pdf
----------------------------------------
GUNSTER 
FLORIDA'S LAW FIRM FOR SUSINISS 
October 16, 2017 
VIA E-MAIL 
Jeffrey Epstein 
do: DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York New York 10022 
email: 
Writer's Direct Dial n 
Writer's F.-Mail Address: 
Re: 
Engagement of Gunster, Yoakley & Stewart, P.A. 
Client Name: Jeffrey Epstein 
Matter Name: Jeffrey Epstein vs. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J Edwards 
Palm Beach County Circuit Court 
Case No. 502009CA04800XXXXMB-Division AG 
(the "Lawsuit") 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
Thank you for selecting Gunster, Yoakley & Stewart, P.A. ("Gunster" or the "Firm") to 
represent Jeffrey Epstein ("you" or Client") as legal counsel in connection with the Lawsuit. The 
purpose of this Engagement Letter and the attached "Terms and Conditions" is to confirm the 
limited scope and terms and conditions of our representation. 
The scope of our Firm's representation of you is limited to providing strategy advice, 
research and analysis to support your trial counsel, Scott J. Link in defending the Lawsuit. 
Gunster and its lawyers will not be appearing as counsel of record in the Lawsuit. 
The Firm is not undertaking to represent Client on any other matter. For example the 
Firm is not undertaking to advise Client on criminal, personal estate or tax planning matters, 
financial planning, domestic relations, asset protection or possible claims against other 
professionals who may be responsible for losses. In addition, the Firm has not been asked to give 
tax advice and does not undertake to advise Client as to the tax consequences of a recovery made 
in connection with the Litigation. The Firm suggests Client seek independent tax advice from 
attorneys or accountants who are familiar with Client's tax situation and who are qualified in tax 
matters. It will be Client's responsibility to make any tax payments or filings necessitated by the 
resolution of Client's claim. Any other matters that Client wants the Firm to handle must be the 
subject of a new discussion and, if accepted, a separate agreement between the Firm and Client. 
Phillips Point 777 South Fleeter Drive. Suite 500 East 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Boca Raton I Fort Lauderdale I Jacksonville I Miami I Orlando I Palm Beach I Stuart I Tallahassee 
Tampa I The Florida Keys I Vero Beach I West Palm Beach Winter Park 
GUNSTER.COM 
EFTA00807601
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
October 16, 2017 
Page 2 
The Firm also expects to work on the Lawsuit with the Firm of Tonja Haddad, P.A. and 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. ("Co-Counsel"). To promote efficiency and to avoid 
duplication of work, Client authorizes the Firm to communicate and work with Co-Counsel. 
Furthermore, Client agrees that the Firm is not obligated to independently analyze legal research 
and factual investigation performed by Co-Counsel. The Firm is entitled to rely upon the legal 
research and factual investigation performed by Co-Counsel. The Firm, however, reserves the 
right to do so in order to meet its obligations before the Court. This is a material limitation on 
the scope of the Firm's work but is one that will help avoid duplicative legal work. 
The Firm also expects to share information generated in the Lawsuit and take direction 
from Client's General Counsel (Darren K. Indyke, PLLC). Client agrees that the Firm may take 
direction from and discuss matters with Client's General Counsel. 
We may agree to further limit or expand the scope of our representation from time to 
time, provided that we confirm any such changes in writing. 
Our only client in this matter will be Jeffrey Epstein and our Firm will not be 
representing any other entity or person in connection with this matter. 
The Firm's hourly rates for this matter are as follows: Partners $750; Associates $450; 
and Paraprofessionals $275. In addition to this fee, you will be responsible for the Firm's regular 
disbursements and charges incurred in connection with this engagement, as set forth in the 
attached Terms and Conditions. Our hourly rates are subject to change from time to time. 
In this matter, we will require an Advance Fee Deposit in the amount of $100,000.00 
which will be held in our Firm's non-interest bearing trust account in accordance with the 
attached Terms and Conditions. This Advanced Fee Deposit will be applied against billings in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Any part of the Advanced Fee Deposit that is not 
earned will be refunded at the conclusion of the matter. 
If, at some point in the litigation (i.e. for the trial), you request we expand our scope of 
representation to appear as counsel of record we will consider doing so. However, we have not 
agreed to do so and whether the Firm agrees to appear as counsel of record will be in its sole 
discretion. It is agreed that if the Firm is requested to appear as counsel of record and agrees to 
do so, you will pay the Firm as an earned, non-refundable fee $200,000 for the Firm's 
availability and willingness to serve as counsel of record in this matter, before an appearance is 
made. Such earned, non-refundable fee is in addition to and independent of your agreement to 
make the Advance Fee Deposit and to pay the Firm's hourly rates and costs as set forth in this 
Agreement for all time incurred both before and after this Firm appears as counsel of record. 
We ask that you please do the following at your earliest convenience: 
1. 
Review this Engagement Letter and the attached "Terms and Conditions" for the 
terms of our representation; 
GUNSTER, YOAKLEY & STEWART, 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
EFTA00807602
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
October 16, 2017 
Page 3 
2. 
If this Engagement Letter and the attached "Terms and Conditions" meet with 
your approval, please sign this letter in the space provided below; and 
3. 
Return a signed copy to me. 
Should you have any questions or concerns about our service., work product, billings, or 
any other aspect of our engagement, please let me know immediately so that we may address the 
situation and best respond to your needs. On behalf of our Firm, thank you for selecting Gunster 
to represent you. We appreciate your confidence in assigning us this important matter and we 
look forward to assisting you. 
Sincerely, 
David R. Atkinson 
DRA/mm 
Attachment (Standard Terms & Conditions) 
THE CLIENT, JEFFREY EPSTEIN. AFTER CONSULTING WITH DARREN INDYKE, 
ESQ.. HAS REVIEWED AND AGREES TO THE ATTACHED "TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS" AND THIS ENGAGEMENT LETTER: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Date: 
OUNSTER, YOAKLEY & STEWART, P.A. 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
EFTA00807603
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
October 16, 2017 
Page 4 
Conflict Database Information 
In connection with the Lawsuit, we have searched our conflict database information for 
the following parties: 
Names of Client/Affiliated/Related Parties: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
DARREN IC INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
SCOTT J. LINK, ESQ. 
SCOTT J. LINK, P.A. 
JACK A. GOLDBERGER, ESQ. 
ATTERBURY, GOLDBERGER & WEISS, P.A. 
FRED HADDAD, ESQ. 
FRED HADDAD, P.A. 
TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, ESQ. 
TONJA HADDAD, P.A. 
Names of Adverse/Opposite Parties: 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, ESQ. 
WILLIAM CHESTER BREWER, ESQ. 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, ESQ. 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, FL 
MARC S. NURIK, ESQ. 
LAW OFFICES OF MARC S. NURIK 
If any of the names above are incorrect, or there are individuals or entities which we have 
missed and should include in our conflict review and database, please let us know immediately 
so that we may correct any mistakes or omissions. 
GUNSTER, YOAKLEY & STEWART, P.A. 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
EFTA00807604
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
October 16, 2017 
Page 5 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
To simplify the language in these "Terms and Conditions," Gunster, Yoakley & Stewart, P.A. is 
referred to as "we:' "our," or "us." The person or entity being provided the legal services is 
referred to as "you" or "your." 
Your Cooperation. You agree to be candid and cooperative with us and to promptly provide us 
with complete and accurate factual information and all documents and other communications 
relevant to the subject matter of our representation. You agree to keep us informed of all relevant 
developments and to cooperate fully with us as we may otherwise reasonably request. 
Affiliates. Because of the dynamic and extensive nature of the ownership interests of individuals 
and companies owning or partially owning or controlling other entities or enterprises, and the 
challenges that are thereby created with respect to identifying potential conflicts of interests, it is 
our general policy that, to the extent permitted by the Florida Rules of Professional Conduct and 
unless you ask us to do otherwise, we do not regard a person, an organization or other legal 
entity that may be affiliated with you (such as a corporate parent, subsidiary, or other entity in 
which you have an ownership or other interest) to be a client of our firm unless we have also 
established an express attorney-client relationship with that other entity through a written 
agreement. 
Delegation of Services. 
Our attorneys, law clerks, paralegals, planners and information 
specialists have varying areas of expertise and amounts of experience and different billing rates. 
Our goal is to render the best legal services we can in the most efficient and cost-effective 
manner. Therefore, the attorney in charge of your particular matter may assign different 
members of our firm to perform various services for you in connection with your matter. 
Advance Fee Deposits. Advance Fee Deposits will be kept in our non-interest bearing trust 
account on your behalf during our representation of you, which we may withdraw in our 
discretion to pay any disbursements as incurred and for any fees and services which have not 
been paid when due. At the termination of our representation in this matter, the deposit will be 
applied to any outstanding amounts on the final statement. To the extent you owe us money for 
other matters handled for you, you hereby authorize us to apply any balance to those matters as 
well. Any remaining balance, after payment of all fees and costs due to us, will be returned to 
you. Should your Advance Fee Deposit fall below a level acceptable to us, you will replenish it 
up to the original amount. We may request an additional Advance Fee deposit in the future, 
depending upon the level of activity involved with your matter. The Advance Fee Deposit is not 
an estimate of our total legal fees or a cap on our legal fees. 
Fees: Billable Rates. Unless we agree otherwise in writing as to a specific matter, we will 
perform our legal services on an hourly rate basis. Currently, our hourly rates range from $255 
per hour to $875 per hour for all legal services performed by the firm's attorneys, and our hourly 
rates for paralegals, law clerks, planners or information specialists range from $42.50 to $310 per 
hour. In addition, we charge $285 per hour for investigative services performed by an in-house 
investigator. Our hourly rates take into consideration the individual's professional background 
and other relevant factors. Our fees may be adjusted by additional amounts to reflect the 
GUNSTER, YOAKLEY & STEWART, P.A. 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
EFTA00807605
--- PAGE 6 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
October 16, 2017 
Page 6 
reasonable value of our services where objectively justified based upon: (a) the unique or 
unusually complex nature of any particular matter handled, (b) any special expertise required, (c) 
expedited time constraints and (d) other similar considerations. Any estimate we provided may 
also be affected by these same circumstances. Our hourly rates are subject to change from time 
to time. 
Disbursements and Additional Charges. We will bill you for the direct costs and service charges 
that are incurred for your particular matter(s), including such things as: filing fees, postage 
(including regular, certified, registered or expedited mail, or any other type of delivery by 
common carriers, such as UPS, Federal Express, or the like), courier services, imaging costs 
(including scanning, photocopying and printing of documents), teleconferencing services, inter-
LATA or international calling tariffs, deposition costs, travel costs, and the fees and expenses of 
experts or consultants, if needed. We charge for certain additional services we render, including 
computerized database • rcess and usage (e.g., Lexis, Westlaw, PACER, Dun & Bradstreet, and 
other information databases), special word processing and after-hours or extraordinary secretarial 
or accounting services, and the receipt and transmission of facsimiles. These matters will be 
shown on each invoice. Certain cost items, described above, such as imaging costs, are provided 
as in-house services by us and the per page non-color imaging charge ($0.10 per page) is based 
upon a reasonable allocation of our overhead costs directly related to those services. Similarly, 
our computerized database charges are based upon direct vendor access/usage charges, which 
can vary from time to time based upon monthly volume-of-usage discounts that the firm has 
negotiated with various providers, and passes on to you as available. We are constantly striving 
to maintain these charges at rates which are lower than those maintained by others in our 
markets. 
Monthly Billing. Except for disbursements paid from any Advance Fee Deposit described 
above, we bill fees, disbursements and other services on a monthly basis and payment is due 
within 15 days of receipt. If you make no comment about a statement within 15 days of its date, 
we will assume that you have reviewed it and find it acceptable. 
Interest on Late Payments: Collection Expenses. We will charge interest at the rate of 12% per 
year on invoice amounts which are not paid within 30 days of the invoice date. If you fail to pay 
any amount owing to the firm, you will also be responsible for all collection expenses incurred 
by us, including costs and a reasonable attorney's fee, whether or not commencement of 
litigation is required. 
No Assignment. Because our relationship with you is personal in nature, it is agreed that our 
duties to you and your resulting rights or claims shall not be assignable or assigned to another 
person or entity and, unless we expressly agree otherwise in a writing signed by you and us, no 
third party shall be or is considered as a beneficiary of our services for you. 
Jurisdiction and Venue. You: (a) agree that any suit, action or legal proceeding arising out of or 
in connection with this agreement may be brought only in a Florida federal district or Florida 
state circuit court located in the Florida county from which the majority of our services (based 
upon attorney time) were provided, (b) consent to the jurisdiction of each such court in any suit, 
action or proceeding, (c) waive any objection which you may have to the laying of venue of any 
GUNSTER, YOAKLEY & STEV/ART, P.A. 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
EFTA00807606
--- PAGE 7 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
October 16, 2017 
Page 7 
such suit, action or proceeding in any of such courts, and (d) agree that service of any court paper 
may be effected upon you by mail or in such other manner as may be provided under applicable 
laws or court rules in Florida. 
E-Mail. We will use e-mail to communicate with you and other parties in this matter and to 
transmit and receive documents and other communications. E-mail is subject to some potentially 
significant security and confidentiality risks. If you do not wish for us to use e-mail in 
connection with your matter, please let us know as soon as possible. 
Retention and Disposition of Documents. At your written request, following the termination of 
our engagement and upon our receipt of your payment for all outstanding fees and costs, we will 
return to you all papers and other property that you provided to us. We may retain our own files 
pertaining to this matter. However, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion and without 
further notice, to destroy or otherwise dispose of documents, data, or other materials related to or 
generated on account of the representation within a reasonably short time after the termination of 
our engagement in connection with each and any matter. 
Termination. You may terminate our services and representation at any time upon written 
notice. Likewise, if at any time we find that we are unable to continue representing you, we will 
notify you in writing. We reserve the right to terminate our representation if payment is not 
received within 30 days of the date of a statement, and you agree not to contest our withdrawal 
from any court or administrative proceeding if payment has not been received within 30 days of 
the date of a statement. Unless otherwise terminated, your engagement of our firm in connection 
with this matter will terminate upon our sending you our final statement for services rendered in 
connection with this matter. After termination of our services and representation, we will 
prepare a final statement. 
Post-Engagement Matters. You have engaged us to provide legal services in connection with a 
specific matter. 
After completion of this matter, changes may occur in applicable laws, 
regulations, facts or circumstances related to your matter that could impact your future rights and 
liabilities. Unless you separately engage us after completion of this matter to provide additional 
advice on issues arising in the future, we will not be responsible for advising you or updating you 
on such issues and changes in applicable laws, regulations, facts and circumstances. 
Statements of Professional Judgment. At the commencement and during the course of our 
representation, we may express opinions or beliefs concerning this matter, alternative courses of 
action, or results that might be anticipated. Though we shall endeavor to provide conscientious, 
competent and diligent services, and at all times seek to achieve results that are just and 
reasonable, due to the uncertainty of all legal matters, we cannot, and therefore do not, warrant, 
predict or guarantee results or the final outcome of this matter. The payment of our fees and 
expenses is not contingent or dependent upon any such successful consummation or result. 
Additional Services We Provide. Frequently, we produce and mail advisories and newsletters or 
post information on our Website that may offer timely insights and updates on a variety of 
issues. These issues range from land use, labor and employment, intellectual property, tax, 
corporate governance and regulatory matters to estate planning. We conduct seminars on a 
GUNSTElt, YOAKLEY & STEWART, P.A. 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
EFTA00807607
--- PAGE 8 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
October 16, 2017 
Page 8 
variety of topics at various locations. Information received through these advisories, newsletters 
and seminars is not to be considered as legal advice for any particular matter for which you may 
have employed our services. 
Entire Artreement. 
These Terms and Conditions, the Engagement Letter and any joint 
representation agreement (if applicable) to which these Terms and Conditions is attached 
represent the entire agreement between you and us regarding this matter and supersede all other 
negotiations, understandings and representations (if any) made by and between us. No change or 
waiver of any of the provisions of this engagement shall be binding on either you or us unless the 
change is in writing and signed by both you and us. 
WPB _ACTIVE 7846701.1 
GUNSTER, YOA1CLEY & STEWART, P.A. 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
EFTA00807608

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807609.pdf
----------------------------------------
Projected Annual Budget: Inference 
Four issues per year: 2019 — 2023 
Print & Internet 
Operating Expenses 
Editors 
Sheldon Glashow 
(At large) 
David Berlinski 
(Chief Editor) 
Lawrence Krauss 
(At large) 
Steve Wheeler 
(HTML) 
Additional Editor 
Hortense Marcellin 
(Administration) 
Helene Cambour 
(Marketing) 
Meagan Mason 
(Assistant Editor) 
$300,000 
$300,000 
$300,000 
$100,000 
$100,000 
$80,000 
$80,000 
$60,000 
$1,320,000 
Writers, Proof-readers, Translators, Caricaturists 
Writers 
EFTA00807609
--- PAGE 2 ---
$50, 000 x 4 = 
Proof-readers, Translators, 
Caricaturists 
$5000 x 4 
$200,000 
$20,000 
$220.000 
Print Edition: 2000 copies world-wide 
$100,000 x 4 = 
Friends of Inference (FoI) 
$5000 x 4 = 
Office Expenses 
Office Rent 
$4000 x 12 = 
Office Utilities 
$166 x 12 
$400,000 
$20,000 
$420.200 
$48,000 
$2000 
Computer equipment, 
telephones, printers, 
fiber-optic Internet = 
$10,000 
$60.000 
Travel 
Travel = 
$50,000 
Administration 
EFTA00807610
--- PAGE 3 ---
US Tax Preparation = 
$10,000 
Delaware Tax Returns = 
$1000 
French Tax Preparation 
Legal = 
S2000 
Other= 
$2000 
$15,000 
Annual Operating Budget — 
$2,085,200 2: 2.1M 
Shortfall = 
$1,335,200 211.4M 
EFTA00807611

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807612.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROMISSORY NOTE 
$100,000.00 
March 13, 2018 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, LIFE HOTEL COMPANY LLC, with an address do 
Mitchell Holdings, 801 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10065 (the "Borrower") promises 
to pay to the order of RUSSELL ROSENTHAL, with an address at 1233 Beech Street, Unit 16, 
Atlantic Beach, New York 11509 ("Lender") in lawful money of the United States of America in 
immediately available funds at the address of Lender hereinabove set forth, or at such other locations 
as Lender may designate from time to time, the principal sum of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND 
AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($100,000.00), together with interest accruing on the outstanding 
principal balance from the date hereof, as provided below. 
1. 
Rate of Interest. Amounts outstanding under this Note shall bear interest at a rate 
equal to TWELVE PERCENT (12%) pA• annum cumulative, but not compounded, to the extent 
not paid in any year, and computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable and actual 
days elapsed. 
2. 
Payment Terms. 
(a) 
Payments. Borrower is the managing member of Life Hotel Pref LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company ("Life Prer), and Life Pref is the sole member of Life Hotel 
One LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Hotel Owner"), which owns the Life 
Hotel, located at 19 West 31sI Street, New York, New York (the "Hotel"). Amounts due Lender 
hereunder shall be paid by Borrower to Lender at such time as the Borrower receives a cash 
distribution from Life Pref (as distributed to Life Pref by Hotel Owner), from whatever source, 
(for the avoidance of doubt, such distributions shall be made after Hotel Owner's and Life Prefs 
payment of their respective then current expenses and obligations, including all debt service and 
other payments due any mortgagee of the Hotel and all preferred return and other payments due 
Preferred Member (hereinafter defined), but all payments to Lender shall be made by Borrower 
prior to Borrower's making any distributions or payments to any members or other creditors of 
Borrower), in all cases such payment to be made within five (5) business days after the date that 
the Borrower receives any such distribution, until all amounts due and payable under this Note 
have been paid in full. 
(b) 
Maturity Date. The entire outstanding principal balance of this Note, 
together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and payable on March 13, 
2019. 
(c) 
Application of Payments. Any payments made by (or on behalf of) 
Borrower shall be applied by Lender in the following priority: first, to Collection Costs 
(hereinafter defined); second, to accrued but unpaid interest, and third, to reduction of principal. 
3. 
Interest Rate After Event of Default. From and after the date that the entire 
unpaid principal sum hereunder and accrued interest plus all other sums due and payable 
hereunder become immediately due and payable by reason of an Event of Default 
("Acceleration"), this Note shall bear interest at a rate per annum (based on a year of 365 or 366 
days per year and actual days elapsed) equal to the lesser of (x) twenty percent (20%) per annum, or 
(y) the highest rate permissible by applicable law, in either case cumulative and compounded 
annually, in lieu of the rate prescribed by Section 1. 
4. 
Prepayment. The indebtedness evidenced by this Note may be prepaid at any time, 
49,1 
1.9." 
EFTA00807612
--- PAGE 2 ---
in whole or in part without penalty. 
5. 
Events of Default. Any one or more of the following, without limitation as to 
others, shall constitute an event of default under this Note (herein an "Event of Default"): 
(a) 
The failure of Borrower to pay any amount required to be paid under this 
Note within ten (10) business days after the date that the amount is due; 
or 
(b) 
Any assignment for the benefit of creditors made by the Borrower; or 
(c) 
Commencement of any proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or any 
law of the United States or of any state relating to insolvency, 
receivership, custodianship or debt adjustment by the Borrower, or the 
commencement of any such proceeding against the Borrower which is 
consented to by the Borrower, as applicable, or otherwise remains 
undismissed for ninety (90) days, or if the Borrower is adjudicated 
bankrupt, admits in writing an inability to pay debts generally as they 
become due or becomes insolvent, or if a receiver, trustee, custodian or 
liquidator shall be appointed for any of them or any substantial part of 
the property of any of them; or 
(d) 
If custody or control of any substantial part of the property of the 
Borrower shall be assumed by any governmental agency or any court of 
competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency or be 
subject to any foreclosure proceeding; or 
(e) 
If Hotel Owner fails to make a payment in the amount of $20,000 to 19 
West 31" Street LLC (which owns and operates the restaurant at the 
Hotel) on or before April 15, 2018. 
6. 
Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in clause (a) or 
clause (e) of Section 5, the entire unpaid principal sum hereunder plus all other sums due and 
payable to Lender shall, at the option of Lender, exercised by written notice thereof to Borrower, 
become due and payable immediately. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in 
any of clauses (b) through (d), inclusive, of Section 5, the entire unpaid principal sum hereunder 
plus all other sums due and payable to Lender shall automatically become due and payable 
immediately. Lender shall also have the right to exercise any and all other remedies available to 
Lender at law and/or in equity as a result of such Event of Default. 
7. 
Collection Costs. Borrower shall be liable for any and all out-of-pocket costs 
(including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) actually incurred by Lender in connection 
with Lender's enforcement of, or collection of amounts owed by Borrower under, this Note (any 
and all such sums, "Collection Costs") 
8. 
Usury. If at any time the effective interest rate under this Note would, but for 
this paragraph, exceed the maximum lawful rate applicable to this loan, the effective interest rate 
under this Note shall be the maximum lawful rate, and any amount received by Lender in excess 
of such rate shall be applied to principal and then to fees and expenses, or, if no such amounts are 
owing, returned to Borrower. 
499098-3-W 
EFTA00807613
--- PAGE 3 ---
9. 
Payment Date. If any payment of principal or interest on this Note shall become 
due on a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York, such 
payment shall be made on the next succeeding business day in such jurisdiction. 
10. 
Transfers; Successors and Assigns. 
This Note may not be transferred, 
assigned, pledged, hypothecated or negotiated by Lender at any time without notice or consent of 
the Borrower; provided, however, that any transfer of all or any portion of Lender's right, title 
and interest in and to this Note to his estate upon death or to an heir or other legatee pursuant to 
such Lender's last will and testament or under the laws of descent and distribution shall be valid 
and respected. This Note shall be binding upon Borrower, its successors and permitted assigns, 
provided that in no event may Borrower assign this Note or Borrower's obligations hereunder 
without Lender's prior written consent. 
11. 
Waiver. Except as otherwise expressly required herein, Borrower hereby waives 
presentment, demand for payment, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest and non-payment, 
notice of intention to accelerate, notice of acceleration and any and all other notices or demands 
whatsoever in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of 
this Note. No notice to or demand on Borrower shall be deemed to be a waiver of the obligation 
of Borrower or of the right of Lender to take further action without further notice or demand as 
provided for in this Note. 
12. 
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Note shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, 
without regard to the conflict of law rules thereof other than Section 5-1401 of the General 
Obligations Law of the State of New York. Borrower and, by its acceptance hereof, Lender, 
hereby (a) irrevocably consent and agree that any legal or equitable action or proceeding arising 
under or in connection with this Note may be brought in any federal or state court in the County 
of New York, in the State of New York, (b) agree that any process in any action commenced in 
such court with respect to this Note may be served upon it or him either (i) personally, by 
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or by an overnight courier service which 
obtains evidence of delivery, with the same full force and effect as if personally served upon it or 
him in such county or (ii) any other method of service permitted by law, and (c) waive any claim 
that the jurisdiction of any such tribunal is not a convenient forum for any such action and any 
defense of lack of in personam jurisdiction with respect thereto. 
13. 
WAIVER OF THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. BORROWER AND, BY 
ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, LENDER, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE 
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, CLAIM, OR 
COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, 
IN ANY MANNER CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE OR ANY 
TRANSACTIONS HEREUNDER. 
14. 
SUBORDINATION TO MORTGAGE LOANS AND PREFERRED 
EQUITY. 
THIS NOTE, AND BORROWER'S OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, ARE 
SUBJECT AND SUBORDINATE FIRST TO ANY LOAN NOW EXISTING OR 
HEREAFTER MADE SECURED BY A MORTGAGE ON THE PROPERTY OWNED BY 
HOTEL OWNER AND/OR A PLEDGE OF THE MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS IN 
HOTEL OWNER, 
AND 
SECOND TO 
BORROWER'S AND 
LIFE 
PREF'S 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THAT CERTAIN OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LIFE 
HOTEL PREF LLC, DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 3, 2017 (AS THE SAME MAY BE 
AMENDED, MODIFIED AND/OR AMENDED AND RESTATED FROM TIME TO 
TIME, THE "PREF OPERATING AGREEMENT") MADE BY AND BETWEEN THE 
499098-3-W 
EFTA00807614
--- PAGE 4 ---
COMPANY AND LIFE HOTEL CRED LOAN LLC (TOGETHER WITH ITS 
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, "PREFERRED MEMBER"), AND ALL RIGHTS AND 
REMEDIES OF LENDER HEREUNDER ARE AND SHALL CONTINUE TO BE 
SUBJECT AND SUBORDINATE FIRST TO ALL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF ANY 
SUCH MORTGAGE LENDER WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH MORTGAGE LOANS, 
IN EACH CASE UNTIL THE MORTGAGE LOANS (TOGETHER WITH ALL OF LIFE 
OWNER'S AND/OR LIFE PREF'S OBLIGATIONS THEREUNDER) HAVE BEEN 
INDEFEASIBLY REPAID IN FULL, AND SECOND TO ALL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 
OF PREFERRED MEMBER UNDER THE PREF OPERATING AGREEMENT, UNTIL 
ALL SUMS DUE PREFERRED MEMBER HAVE BEEN PAID IN FULL. 
15. 
Obligations Absolute. 
Subject to Section 14, the obligations of Borrower 
hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of 
the occurrence of any default or Event of Default, or any condition precedent whatsoever, or any 
setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment which Borrower may have or have had against Lender 
or any of the other Lenders. 
[The Remainder of this Page is Intentionally Left Blank.] 
499098-3-W 
EFTA00807615
--- PAGE 5 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Borrower has 
executed this Note, as a document under seal, as of the date first written above. 
BORROWER: 
LIFE HOTEL COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company 
By: Life Hotel Partners LLC, a New York limited 
liability company, its manager 
By: 
David Mitchell, Managing Member 
499098-3-W 
EFTA00807616

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807617.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROMISSORY NOTE 
October 
, 2018 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned Hosain Sadequr Rahman, residing 
at 
 ("Rahman"), hereby promises to pay to the order of Mort, 
Inc., a U.S. Virgin Islands corporation ("Mort"), a "Principal Payment' (as hereinafter 
defined) on a quarterly basis, commencing on October 
, 2023 (the "Initial Maturity 
Date"), and continuing on the 3011" day of each January, April, July and October of every 
year thereafter following the Initial Maturity Date until the holder(s) hereof has received 
from Rahman Principal Payments in the aggregate principal amount equal to Thirteen 
Million Dollars ($13,000,000) (each, a "Quarterly Payment Date"); provided, however 
that in no event shall the aggregate of Principal Payments made by Rahman to Mort 
exceed Thirteen Million Dollars ($13,000,000). 
The Initial Maturity Date shall be 
accelerated to a date that occurs seven (7) days after the earliest date on which Rahman's 
JHH Interest is equal to at least Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000), and Rahman shall 
have on obligation to make an additional Principal Paymet not later than thirty (30) days 
after the earliest date on which Rahman's JHH Interest is equal to at least One Hundred 
Thirty Million Dollars ($130,000,000). 
For purposes of calculating said additional 
Principal Payment, the applicable date of calculation shall be the earliest date on which 
Rahman's JHH Interest is equal to at least One Hundred Thirty Million Dollars 
($130,000,000). 
If on the Initial Maturity Date, the fair market value of "Rahman's JHH Interest' 
(as hereinafter defined) is less than Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000), then the Initial 
Maturity Date shall be extended to a date which is seven (7) days following the earliest 
date on which the fair market value of Rahman's JHH Interest is at least Ten Million 
Dollars; provided, however, that this Note shall remain in full force and effect until such 
time as Mort has received from Rahman Principal Payments in the aggregate equal to 
Thirteen Million Dollars ($13,000,000). 
Rahman hereby promises to pay Mort interest on each overdue amount (whether 
of principal, interest or otherwise) payable on or in respect of this Note or the 
indebtedness evidenced hereby, from the date on which such amount shall have first 
become due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof to the date on which such 
amount shall be paid to the holder of this Note (whether before or after judgment), at an 
annual rate of interest which shall at all times be equal to the lesser of twenty percent 
(20%) and the maximum interest rate then permitted by U.S. Virgin Islands law. The 
unpaid interest accrued on each overdue amount in accordance with the foregoing terms 
of this paragraph shall become absolutely due and payable by Rahman to the holder 
hereof on demand by the holder of this Note at any time. Interest on each overdue 
amount will continue to accrue, as provided by the foregoing terms of this paragraph, and 
will (to the extent permitted by applicable law) be compounded monthly until the 
obligations of Rahman in respect of the payment of such overdue amount shall be 
discharged (whether before or after judgment). All computations of interest payable as 
EFTA00807617
--- PAGE 2 ---
provided in this Note shall be based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by a 
year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be. The holder of this Note shall make all 
computations (which computations shall, absent manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding upon the holder(s) and Rahman) of the interest accrued for any period for which 
interest is then being determined. 
Each Principal Payment, payment of interest or payment of other sums due and 
payable on or in respect of this Note shall be made by Rahman directly to the holder of 
this Note in United States Dollars by wire transfer to the Holder's Account, not later than 
5:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, on the due date of such payment, and in immediately 
available and freely transferable funds. 
This Note evidences the obligations of Rahman (a) to pay the Principal Payments 
as herein provided, (b) to pay amounts other than interest, which may become due and 
payable hereunder as herein provided, and (c) to pay interest, as herein provided, on 
overdue amounts of Principal Payments remaining unpaid from time to time, and on such 
other amounts as may become due and payable hereunder (collectively, such obligations 
are the "Obligations"). 
All Obligations of Rahman under this Note (including the obligation to pay 
Principal Payments, interest, professional fees, costs, charges, and expenses) shall be paid 
as provided in this Note when due, without defense, offset, reduction or counterclaim. All 
Obligations of Rahman arising under this Note shall be secured by and evidenced by 
Rahman's grant of a security interest in and pledge of certain securities as collateral 
pursuant to the provisions of the Pledge Agreement, of even date herewith, by Rahman in 
favor of Mort attached as Exhibit A to this Note (the "Pledge Agreement'). 
In addition to the other terms defined in this Note, the following defined terms 
shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them below: 
(a) 
"Affiliate" means with respect to any Person, (i) any Person that, directly 
or indirectly through one or more entities, controls or is controlled by, or is under 
common control with, such Person. As used herein, controls, control and controlled 
means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct the management and 
policies of a Person, whether through the ownership the voting interests of such Person, 
through appointed or elected office or other management rights, agreements, contracts or 
understandings, or otherwise possessing such power in fact. 
(b) 
"Bankruptcy Code" means Title 11, United States Code, as now and 
hereafter in effect, or any successor statute. 
(c) 
"beneficially owned" by a Person means when a Person is the "beneficial 
owner" as such term is defined pursuant to Rule 13-d3 promulgated under the Securities 
Act of 1934, as amended. 
EFTA00807618
--- PAGE 3 ---
(d) 
"Business Day" means a day on which the Lender is open for business in 
New York, New York. 
(d) 
"holder" means, at any time of determination, Mort or any other person 
who is at such time a lawful holder in possession of all or any portion of this Note. 
(d) 
"Holder's Account' means an account to be hereafter designated from 
time to time to Rahman in writing by the then holder(s) of this Note. 
(e) 
"JHH" means Jawbone Health Hub, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any 
assignee or successor in interest, whether through merger, consolidation, reorganization, 
sale of stock or other securities, sale of assets, or any other arrangement, to any material 
portion of the business or assets of JHH as now or hereafter constituted. 
(d) 
"JHH Realization Event" means, whether through one transaction or a 
series of transactions, (i) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of 
the assets of JHH, (ii) the merger, consolidation or recoganization of JHH, 
(iii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the issued and 
outstanding securities of JHH, (iv) the transfer by Rahman to any Person 
other than a wholly owned Affiliate of Rahman of any material portion of 
Rahman's JHH Interest; (v) Rahman shall become dispossessed to any 
material extent of voting or other control rights he currently possesses over 
the management, decisions and actions of JHH. 
(e) 
"Person" means and includes natural persons, corporations, limited 
partnerships, general partnerships, limited liability companies, limited liability 
partnerships, joint stock companies, joint ventures, associations, companies, trusts, banks, 
trust companies, land trusts, business trusts or other organizations, whether or not legal 
entities, and government authorities. 
(g) 
"Principal Payment" shall mean an amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
on the Initial Maturity Date, the amount shall equal ten percent 
(10%) of the then fair market value of Rahman's JHH Interest; 
(ii) 
on each Quarterly Payment Date, the amount shall equal the 
difference of ten percent (10%) of the fair market value of Rahman's JHH Interest as of 
the calendar quarter end immediately preceding said Quarterly Payment Date, less the 
sum of all Principal Payments theretofore paid by Rahman to any holder of this Note; 
(iii) 
on the date that occurs thirty (30) days after the earliest date on 
which Rahman's JHH Interest is equal to One Hundred Thirty Million Dollars 
($130,000,000), the amount shall equal the difference of ten percent (10%) of the fair 
market value of Rahman's JHH Interest as of the earliest date on which Rahman's JHH 
a 
EFTA00807619
--- PAGE 4 ---
Interest is equal to One Hundred Thirty Million Dollars ($130,000,000), less the sum of 
all Principal Payments theretofore paid by Rahman to any holder of this Note; 
provided, however, that the aggregate of all Principal Payments hereunder shall 
never exceed the sum of Thirteen Million Dollars ($13,000,000) (the "Maximum 
Principal Payment Amount"); and provided, further however, that no Principal 
Payment made by Rahman hereunder shall ever be subject to repayment by Mort or any 
other holder of this Note for any reason, including, without limitation, for the reason that 
the fair market value of Rahman's JHH Interest on any calendar quarter end date shall 
ever be less than the fair market value as of the Initial Maturity Date (as the same may be 
extended pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement) or any calendar quarter end date 
used for the purpose of calculating a Principal Payment due on any previous Quarterly 
Payment Date. For purposes hereof, the fair market value of Rahman's JHH Interest on 
the Initial Maturity Date and on each calendar quarter end date used to calculate a 
payment due on a Quarterly Payment Date shall be determined by an independent third 
party appraiser selected from time to time by the mutual agreement of Rahman and the 
then holder of this Note (the "Appraiser"). Within 30 days prior to the Initial Maturity 
Date, and promptly after each calendar quarter end thereafter, and promptly after the 
earliest date on which Rahman's JHH Interest is equal to at least One Hundred Thirty 
Million Dollars ($130,000,000), Rahman shall provide both the then holder of this Note 
and the Appraiser with full access to all materials and information necessary and 
reasonably appropriate in order to make a determination as to the then fair market value 
of Rahman's JHH Interest. 
(c) 
"Rahman's JHH Interest" means as to any specific date, all capital stock, 
options, warrants, stock rights and other securities, promissory notes, financial 
instruments, contracts, agreements, rights to receive payment, or other rights in relation to 
JHH, whether vested or contingent, which are beneficially owned, whether directly or 
indirectly through one or more Affiliates, by Rahman as of that specific date, or any 
proceeds from the realization thereof, all of which are to be held in constructive trust for 
the benefit of the holder of this Note until payment of the Principal Payment next due in 
respect of such proceeds. 
Any and all payments under this Note shall be applied by the then holder hereof 
(a) first, to the payment of all of the interest due and payable under this Note at the time 
of such payment, (b) then, to the payment of all (if any) other amounts (except the 
Principal Payments) due and payable under this Note at the time of such payment, and 
(c) finally, to the unpaid Principal Payments then outstanding under this Note. 
If any sum would, but for the provisions of this paragraph, become due and 
payable on or in respect of this Note or the indebtedness evidenced hereby on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then such sum shall become due and payable on the 
Business Day next succeeding the day on which such sum would otherwise have become 
due and payable hereunder, and interest payable hereunder to the holder hereof shall be 
adjusted by the holder hereof accordingly. 
EFTA00807620
--- PAGE 5 ---
Rahman hereby agrees, at his own expense, to execute and deliver, from time to 
time, any and all further, instruments and documents, and to perform such further acts, as 
the then holder of this Note may reasonably request to effect the transactions 
contemplated by this Note and to provide to holder of this Note the benefits of all rights, 
authorities and remedies conferred upon the holder by the terms of this Note. 
If any of the following conditions or events (each, an "Event of Default") shall 
occur: 
(I) 
Failure by Rahman to pay any Principal Payment, interest or any 
other amount due under this Note, in each case when due, whether at stated 
maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise; or 
(II) 
Any written representation, warranty, certification or other 
statement made by Rahman in this Note, the Pledge Agreement, or in connection 
herewith or therewith, shall be false in any material respect on the date as of 
which made; or 
(III) 
Rahman shall otherwise default in the performance of or 
compliance with any term contained in this Note or the Pledge Agreement; or 
(IV) There shall occur any JHH Realization Event; 
(V) 
JHH shall terminate or cease to conduct business in the ordinary 
course, the commencement, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, of any 
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, 
dissolution, insolvency, receivership or liquidation or similar proceeding in any 
jurisdiction relating to JHH or any part of the business, assets or properties 
thereof (whether under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal or 
state law, statute, rule or regulation), JHH shall be unable, or admit in writing its 
inability, to pay its debts generally as they mature, JHH shall be dissolved or 
liquidated, JHH shall become insolvent (as such term may be defined or 
interpreted under any applicable statute); 
(VI) Rahman's employment by JHH as Chief Executive Officer shall 
cease; or 
(WI) The commencement, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, of any 
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, 
dissolution, insolvency, receivership or liquidation or similar proceeding in any 
jurisdiction relating to Rahman or any part of the assets or properties of Rahman, 
whether under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal or state law, 
statute, rule or regulation; or 
(VIII) Rahman shall be unable, or admit in writing his inability, to pay 
his debts generally as they mature, or Borrower shall become insolvent (as such 
term may be defined or interpreted under any applicable statute); or 
EFTA00807621
--- PAGE 6 ---
(IX) 
the death or incompetency of Rahman; or 
(X) 
At any time after the execution and delivery hereof, (i) this Note 
shall cease to be in full force and effect (other than by reason of the payment in 
full of the Obligations, and the resulting termination of this Note in accordance 
with the terms hereof) or shall be declared null and void, or (ii) Rahman shall 
contest the validity or enforceability of this Note in writing or deny in writing that 
it has any further liability under this Note; or 
(XI) 
Any event or change shall occur after the date hereof that has 
caused or evidences, either in any case or in the aggregate, the impairment of the 
ability of Borrower to perform, or of the Lender to enforce, the Obligations; 
THEN, (a) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default 
described in Clause VII above, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the difference of the 
Maximum Principal Payment Amount, less the sum of any and all Principal Payments 
previously made by Rahman to the holder of this Note (the "Default Principal Amount"), 
plus (ii) the amount of any other Obligations due and outstanding hereunder, including, 
but not limited to, accrued interest on all Obligations, shall automatically become 
immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Rahman; and 
(b) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any other Event of Default, the 
holder of this Note may, by written notice (which may be delivered by facsimile or 
overnight courier) to Rahman declare to be immediately due and payable hereunder by 
Rahman, without presentment, demand, protest or any other requirements of any kind, all 
of which are hereby expressly waived by Rahman, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the 
Default Principal Amount, plus (ii) the amount of any other Obligations due and 
outstanding hereunder, including, but not limited to accrued interest on all Obligations. 
The enumeration of the foregoing rights and remedies is not intended to be 
exhaustive and the exercise of any right or remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any 
other rights or remedies, all of which shall be cumulative and not alternative. 
Rahman absolutely and unconditionally agrees to reimburse Mort and any holder 
of all or any portion of this Note, on demand, whether or not all or any of the transactions 
contemplated by the Note are ultimately consummated, for all out-of-pocket expenses 
incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Note and the obligations hereunder, 
including but not limited to all attorney's fees and disbursements and the fees and 
disbursements of other professionals relating to the enforcement of any obligations under 
and of this Note. Upon incurrence of any such out-of-pocket expenses, such out-of-
pocket expenses will automatically be added to the principal amount of this Note and, as 
a result, begin to accrue interest as provided herein. No delay or omission on the part of 
Mort or any holder hereof in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of 
such right or of any other rights of Mort or such holder, nor shall any delay, omission or 
waiver on any one occasion be deemed a bar or waiver of the same or any other right on 
any further occasion. 
a 
EFTA00807622
--- PAGE 7 ---
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Note, all notices and other 
communications made or required to be given pursuant to this Note shall be in writing 
and shall be delivered in hand, mailed by United States registered or certified first class 
mail, postage prepaid, sent by overnight courier, or sent by telegraph, telecopy, facsimile 
or telex and confirmed by delivery via courier or postal service, addressed as follows: (a) 
if to Rahman, to him at the notice address beneath his signature hereto, and (b) if to the 
Mort, to it at 6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3, St. Thomas, USVI 00802, facsimile no. 340-
775-2528, with a copy to Darren K. Indyke, 5300 W. Atlantic Avenue, Suite 602, Delray 
Beach, FL 33496, facsimile no. 646-350-0378, or at such other address for notice as the 
then holder of this Note shall last have furnished in writing to the Person giving the 
notice. 
This Note shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by 
the respective successors and assigns of Mort and Rahman provided that Rahman may 
not assign or transfer any of his obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of 
Mort and/or each holder, which consent may be granted or withheld in Mort's and each 
holder's sole and absolute discretion. 
Neither this Note nor any provision hereof may be amended, supplemented, 
waived or otherwise modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing 
entered into by Rahman and Mort. No waiver of any provision of this Note or consent to 
any departure by Rahman herefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall 
be permitted by the preceding sentence, and then such waiver or consent shall be 
effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. 
Rahman and every endorser of this Note or the obligations represented hereby 
waive presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in 
connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this 
Note, and assent to any extension or postponement of the time of payment or any other 
indulgence, and to the addition or release of any other party or person primarily or 
secondarily liable. No provision of this Note shall impair the obligations of Rahman, 
which are absolute and unconditional, to pay the Obligations under this Note at the place, 
at the respective times, and in the currency herein prescribed. 
ALL 
JUDICIAL 
PROCEEDINGS 
BROUGHT 
AGAINST 
RAHMAN ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS NOTE, OR ANY 
OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE 
TERRITORIAL OR A FEDERAL COURT IN THE UNITED STATES 
VIRGIN ISLANDS. BY EXECUTING AND DELIVERING THIS NOTE, 
RAHMAN, FOR HIMSELF AND IN CONNECTION WITH HIS 
PROPERTIES, IRREVOCABLY (I) ACCEPTS GENERALLY AND 
UNCONDITIONALLY 
THE 
EXCLUSIVE 
JURISDICTION 
AND 
VENUE OF SUCH COURTS; (II) WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM 
NON CONVENIENS; (III) AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ALL 
PROCESS IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT MAY 
BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN 
EFTA00807623
--- PAGE 8 ---
RECEIPT REQUESTED, TO RAHMAN AT HIS ADDRESS PROVIDED 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE; (IV) AGREES 
THAT, SERVICE AS PROVIDED IN CLAUSE (III) ABOVE IS 
SUFFICIENT TO CONFER PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER 
RAHMAN IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND 
OTHERWISE CONSTITUTES EFFECTIVE AND BINDING SERVICE 
IN EVERY RESPECT; AND (V) AGREES THAT MORT AND EACH 
HOLDER HEREOF RETAINS THE RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN 
ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW; AND (VI) AGREES 
THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH RELATING TO 
JURISDICTION 
AND 
VENUE 
SHALL 
BINDING 
AND 
ENFORCEABLE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY 
LAW. 
RAHMAN HEREBY AGREES TO WAIVE HIS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL 
OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF 
THIS NOTE OR ANY DEALINGS BETWEEN RAHMAN AND MORT RELATING 
HERETO. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE 
MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING (OTHER THAN BY A MUTUAL 
WRITTEN WAIVER SPECIFICALLY REFERRING TO THIS PARAGRAPH AND 
EXECUTED BY EACH OF RAHMAN AND MORT), AND THIS WAIVER SHALL 
APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS 
OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS NOTE. In the event of litigation, this Note may be 
filed as a written consent to a trial by the court. 
THIS NOTE AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OF 
RAHMAN AND ANY HOLDER(S) HEREOF SHALL FOR ALL PURPOSES BE 
GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
INTERNAL LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, WITHOUT 
REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD REQUIRE 
APPLICATION OF ANOTHER LAW. 
[SIGNATURE ON THE IMMEDIATELY SUCCEEDING PAGE] 
EFTA00807624
--- PAGE 9 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Rahman has duly executed and duly delivered this 
Note as of the day and year first above written. 
HOSAIN SADEQUR RAHMAN, 
Address: 
Facsimile No.: 
STATE OF 
) ss.: 
COUNTY OF 
) 
On October 
2018, before me, the undersigned, personally appeared Hosain 
Sadequr Rahman, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence, to wit 
, to be the individual whose name is subscribed to 
the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity 
and that by his signature on the instrument, he executed the instrument. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00807625

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807626.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROMISSORY NOTE 
, 2014 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, NOAM CHOMSKY, a/k/a Avram Noam Chomsky, an 
individual with a mailing address of 15 Suzanne Road, Lexington, MA 02420-1831 
("Borrower"), hereby promises to pay to the order of THE CAROL S. CHOMSKY EXEMPT 
MARITAL TRUST, established pursuant to the terms of The Carol S. Chomsky Revocable 
Trust dated October 18, 1989, as amended, ("Lender"), the principal sum of Five Hundred and 
Sixteen Thousand Dollars ($516,000). Interest on the balance outstanding shall be payable at a 
rate equal to the highest rate in effect from time to time on any one or more loans outstanding 
between Lender and [insert full name of Pershing entity], or if no such loans are in existence, 
then the rate shall be fixed at the so-called Mid Term Applicable Federal Rate in effect at the 
time, recalculated monthly in accordance with Section 1274(d) of the Internal Revenue Code, or 
any successor thereto. Interest due on each Loan shall be calculated based on a 360-day year 
and the actual number of days elapsed. 
Payments of interest only shall be due and payable quarterly commencing on Septnl 
and shall be prorated for any fractional period. A final installment equal to all unpaid 
principal and interest shall be due and payable in all events not later than nine (9) years from the 
date hereof (the "Maturity Date"). 
All payments received hereunder shall be applied first to the payment of accrued interest 
and the balance applied to principal with a final payment of all unpaid principal and interest on 
the Maturity Date. 
This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part without premium or penalty. Any pre-
payments received on this Note shall be applied to principal. 
All sums due hereunder shall be payable to Lender c/o Mr. Robert Katz, Bainco 
International Investors, 500 Boylston Street, Suite 440, Boston, MA 02116, or at such other 
place as Lender hereof may designate to Borrower in writing, in lawful money of the United 
States of America. 
The Borrower waives presentment for payment, protest and demand, and notice of 
protest, demand and/or dishonor and nonpayment of this Note, notice of any default under this 
Note and all other notices or demands otherwise required by law that the Borrower may lawfully 
waive. THE BORROWER WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION BROUGHT ON 
OR WITH RESPECT TO THIS NOTE. The Borrower expressly agrees that this Note, or any 
payment hereunder, may be extended from time to time, without in any way affecting the 
liability of the Borrower. No unilateral consent or waiver by the Lender with respect to any 
action or failure to act which, without consent, would constitute a breach of any provision of this 
Note shall be valid and binding unless in writing and signed by the Lender. 
EFTA00807626
--- PAGE 2 ---
No delay or omission on the part of Lender hereof in exercising any right hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver of such right or of any other right of such Lender, nor shall any delay, 
omission or waiver on any one occasion be deemed a bar to or waiver of the same or any other 
right on any future occasion. 
The rights and obligations of Borrower and all provisions hereof shall be governed by 
and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts applicable to 
contracts made and performed in said state, except to the extent that such laws are superseded by 
Federal enactments. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be executed by its duly 
authorized representative as of the day and year first above written. 
WITNESS: 
Noam Chomsky 
EFTA00807627

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807628.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
06.A MPAC 
6.6 ADVANCED WATER usA
TREATMENT SOLUTIONS 
Proposal 
Ampac USA Seawater Desalination Plant 
Model SW100K-LX 
Ampac USA 
5255-5265 State St. 
Montclair, CA 91763 USA 
Tel: (909) 548-4900 
Fax: (909) 548-4901 
Website: www.ampacl.com 
EFTA00807628
--- PAGE 2 ---
Table of Contents: 
System Design Basis• 
Main System Components: 
Main System instrumentations: 
Functional Specification 
S 
System Safety. 
S 
System Specifications• 
Design Basis• 
Standard Features 
Components Make & Materials of Construction: 
Power Consumption 
Base Price for SW100K-LX - 440V/60Hz/3 Phase 
Specifications for Ampac Reverse Osmosis System 100,000GPD-TFC 
Submersible Intake Pump: (Optional) 
Auto•Flush Screen Filter (Optional) 
Pre-Chlorination System (Optional) 
De•Chlorination System (Optional) 
Anti•Scalant Dosing System (Optional) 
Sediment Cartridge Filter Housing 5 Micron 
Multimedia KDF-GAC-Poly Phosphate Quartz Pre•Filters: 
RO High Pressure Pump 
Energy Recovery Hydraulic Pressure Booster (HPB) 
Membranes Elements 
Pressure Vessels 
Post Treatment System 
CIP (Clean in Place System): (Optional) 
Instrumentation 
PLC: 5200 Series Microprocessor Controller: (Included) 
PLC: V1O40 w/10.4" Touch Screen Controller: (Optional) 
Pressure Gauges 
Pressure Valves 
ORP Meter (Optional) 
pH•Meter (Optional) 
Auto•Flush Process 
RO system Operating Requirements• 
Electrical 
Additional Specifications:  
Monitoring• 
Service• 
Maintenance Schedule• 
Electrical Power Container• 
Terms• 
Warranties: 
Technical Support• 
Installation & Commissioning: 
Sample Pictures of Similar Applications 
Flowchart design 
A MPA C USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807629
--- PAGE 3 ---
#AMPAC 
di 6 ADVANCED WATER USA 
TREATMENT SOLUTIONS 
5255.5265 State St. Montclair, CA 91763 USA 
Tel: (909) 548.4900 
Fax: (909) 548-4901 
Website 
e-mail 
Proposal 
Ampac USA Seawater Desalination Watermaker 
Capacity: 100,000 GPD-TFC (378m3/Day.) 
Date: June 30th, 2017 
Proposal No: 17101-100-010 
Contact Name: 
Mr. Michael Ross 
Organization: 
Island Manager 
Address: 
Red Hook Qrts B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Tel: 
340-514-7702 
E-mail: 
' 144"'Y
*WINONA f 
TAL 
SOLUTIONS 
RE LIAM( ITY 
elan Live safe 
member
■ 
Water 
\Oils Quality,
BBB 
Dear Mr. Ross, 
Thank you for this opportunity to quote you on your Water Purification Requirement. We take pride in our attention to 
detail with our customers Requirement. Best Design, material and workmanship shall be applied and specified according 
to the world wide recognized marine practices to ensure reliability, durability and easy maintenance and to comply 
with Marine Industry and Ship Requirements. 
System production is based on the following conditions: 
1) Air Temp (Weather): 
From 50°C to -30"C 
2) Sea water Temp: 
From 30°C to -2°C 
3) Machine Room: 
4) Relativity Humidity: 
5) Maximum Salinity: 
6) pH Range: 
From 50°C to 0°C 
From 95% to 0 
45,0COppm NaCI feed water, 
3.0.11.0pH Range. 
Make of System: Fully automated Turnkey Sea Water Desalination System including pre-treatment Modules and 
Reverse Osmosis System fully built on a Powder Coated welded Aluminum Skid with Diamond Plate Base using good 
industrial practice and following manufacturer's guidelines for every component. 
Model ofSystem: SW100K-LX System to produce: 15.8m3/hr (100,000 GPD) at maximum 45,000 mg/I Salinity 
Delivery Terms: Estimated System completion and crating, on average 10-12 Weeks from the day of receipt of 
formal purchase order and Initial Deposit. 
Dimensions: 200" l x 76" W x 128"H., approx. Weight 6,500 Kgs. 
Exclusions: Prices do not include shipping, insurance, sales tax, import taxes and duties, installation, and options 
listed below unless otherwise indicated. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807630
--- PAGE 4 ---
The proposed system includes the following features: 
System Design Basis: 
Main System Components: 
• 
Double Coated Epoxy Welded Aluminum frame with Aluminum Diamond Plate and will conform to AISC 
Manual of Construction. 
• 
Auto Flush Spin Down Screen Pre-Filter 
• 
Inlet On-Demand Multi-Stage 316L Stainless Steel Feed Pressure Pump 
• 
Twin 28Ft3 Multimedia Anthracite Pre-Filter w/backwash valve, Bypass 
• 
Twin 4"x30" Sediment Pre-Filter 5µm 
• 
High Pressure Multi-Stage Pump with Energy Recovery, Pressure Relief Valve and Accumulator 
• 
Horizontal Multi Stage Feed Supply Pump with Safeguards 
• 
8" x 40" FRP Pressure Vessels 
• 
TFC 8" x 40" Membrane Element 
• 
pH Adjust Calcite Post-Filter 
• 
Ultra Violet Disinfection Sterilizer 
Main System Instrumentations: 
• 
Complete Panel for Easy Controls 
• 
Eight Count Stainless steel liquid-filled pressure gauges 
• 
Sea Water Inlet Mechanical Motorized Actuator Valve 
• 
Pressure Sensors for Raw, Brine and Permeate Waters w/Cut Off Pressure Switches 
• 
Pressure Sensors to Halt Operations and Stop Pumps in case of High Module-Inlet Pressure 
• 
High Pressure Relief Valve to reduce Pressure at the High Pressure Pump 
• 
Stainless Steel System Pressure Control 
• 
Stainless Steel Recycle Pressure Valve 
• 
On/Off Main Power Switch 
• 
Automatic Operating Programmable logic controller UL/CE Approved with: 
• 
Smart Relay 
• 
Delayed start-up of high-pressure pump 
• 
Inlet Solenoid Valve Control 
• 
Low & High Feed Pressure Switches 
• 
Supply & Delivery Pumps Controls 
• 
R/P Storage Tank Full Pump on/off 
• 
Auto Flush Cycle 
• 
Pre-Treat Lockout 
• 
TDS Water quality Monitor for Permeate Water Quality 
• 
Temperature Monitor with LCDE Display 
• 
Hour Meter 
• 
Chlorine Dosing Feed System 
• 
Anti-Scalant Dosing Feed System 
• 
Clean in Place (CIP) Fully Automated system pptionao 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807631
--- PAGE 5 ---
Functional Specification 
Complete functional specification shall be provided which describes: 
1) Operation of unit 
2) Control loops 
3) Interlocks 
4) Alarms 
5) Startup/Shutdown sequences 
6) Security 
System Safety: 
The equipment and system shall be designed considering minimizing hazard. Countermeasures 
against the system hazard are as follows: 
Electrical Safety Devices: 
a 
a 
a 
a 
System will be equipped with a 3 Pole Sensor Breaker 
Instrumentations will be equipped with a Single Phase Breaker and 2 Fuses 
Alarm Horn - Alarm Conditions: Low feed pressure & High permeate conductivity 
Unit Shutdowns include: 
o 
Low feed pressure 
o 
Pretreatment filters in backwash 
o 
Product storage tank full 
o 
High permeate conductivity 
Water Safety device: 
a Low Pressure Sensor 
• 
High Pressure Diverter Valve 
Monitoring and control devices for system safety: 
1.11 LCD Display Screen showing Conductivity, Hour Meter and Temperature 
• 
On-Off Push Buttons 
• 
Panel Mount Liquid Filled Stainless Steel Pressure Gauges 
• 
Panel Mount Flow Meters 
• 
Pressure Control Valves. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807632
--- PAGE 6 ---
S stem Specifications: 
Quantity 
Capacity 
% Recovery 
% Salt Rejection 
Design Temperature 
Maximum Temperature 
Membrane Type 
Pressure Vessels 
Design Basis: 
Feed Flow Minimum 
Product Flow 
Incoming Feed TDS 
Incoming Feed Incoming Water Pressure 
Incoming Feed Water Chlorine 
Incoming Feed Water Turbidity 
Incoming Feed Water SDI 
Capacity (Design) Basis 
The proposal system includes the followingfeatures: 
One 
100,000 GPD / 378.5 m3/Day 
40% 
98% 
25°C 
45°C 
TFC (Filmtec) 
FRP (Code Line or Protec) 
200 GPM ( 750 LPM) 
69.5 GPM 263 LPM) 
45,000 PPM (45 PPT) 
Through Optional Submersible Pumps 
PPM 
< 1 NTU 
< 3 Maximum 
Hrs/Day Operation 
Standard Features 
High-Pressure Belt Driven Piston Pump with Safeguards 
Complete Panel for Easy Controls 
Sediment Pre-Filtration rated @ 200 GPM 
Liquid-filled pressure gauges for Pre, Post-Filters & Pumps Pressure 
Low-and high-pressure switches 
Powder-coated, Welded Aluminum Frame w/Aluminum Diamond Base 
Fiber glass High Pressure Vessels 
Filmtec Brackish Water TFC Membrane Elements BW30-400FR 
Components Make & Materials of Construction: 
Cat USA 
Ampac USA 
Harmsco USA 
Swagelok USA 
Square D USA 
Ampac USA 
Codeline USA 
Dow Chemical USA 
Description 
Skid 
Paint 
Screen Filters 
Pre-Treatment Vessels 
Auto Backwash Valves 
Chemical Treatment Tanks 
Chemical Pumps & Mixers 
Sediment Pre-Filters 
Reverse Osmosis Pumps 
Membrane Vessels 
Membrane Elements 
I Name Brand 
Material of Construction 
Aluminum 34" Gauge with Diamond Plate Welded 
Powder Coating 
Poly Carbonate with Stainless Steel Screens 
Non Corrosive 100% Composite Fiberglass Construction 
Origin 
Programmable Logic Controller 
Instrumentation 
Piping Low Pressure 
Piping High Pressure 
Ampac USA 
Ampac USA 
Rusco 
Pentair/Structural 
Clack USA 
Poly Ethylene 
Simona America, Inc. 
Polypropylene W' Thickness 
LMI or Blue White 
Polypropylene 
Watts 
Glass Reinforced Polypropylene 
CAT 
316L Stainless Steel 
Bekaert Progressive 
FRP with Stainless Steel 316L End Ports 
Dow Chemical 
_ 
USA 
USA 
USA 
USA 
 USA 
USA 
USA 
USA 
USA 
USA 
Filmtec Thin Film Composite (TFC) consisting of 3 layers, 
polyester support web, a micro porous polysulfone interlayer, 
and an ultra-thin polyamide barrier layer on the top surface. 
NEMA4X Enclosure with UL/CUL Processor 
FRP & 316L Stainless Steel 
316L Stainless Steel 
316L Stainless Steel 
USA 
RD Specialty Ltd 
Blue White 
Spears 
Swagelok 
 USA 
Power Consumption 
Pump 
HP 
Volts 
Qty 
Watts 
RIO High Pressure Pump 
On-Demand Supply Pump 
Instrumentations 
Average Power Consumption 
100
440V / 460V 
44.0 KW 
7.5 
440V / 460V 
11.0 KW 
44ov / 460V An 
2.00 KW
Per 1000 Liters 
2.9 KW 
USA 
USA a
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807633
--- PAGE 7 ---
Options: (Not included in the above price unless otherwise indicated) All options quoted upon request. 
Pre Treatment Equipment - Not Included Unless Indicated 
Unit Price 
Extended Price 
Base Price for SW100K-LX - 440V/60Hz/3 Phase 
$ 297,850.00 
$ 
297,850.00 
Qty. Included 
Optional Equipment — Not Included Unless Indicated 
Unit Price 
Extended Price 
Automatic Operating Programmable logic controller with : 
- Delayed start-up of high-pressure pump, Motor Soft Start 
• Automatic Membrane Flush System 
• Hour Meter 
• TDS Water Quality Monitor 
• Temperature Indicator. 
12,500.00 
Included 
HDMI Upgrade with 10.4" LSC Full Color Touch Screen 
7.850.00 
Included 
Differential Pressure Gauges (Count 6) 
Each 
65.00 
Included 
Electric Signal Waterproof Float switch for R/O Pump Shut-off 
Each 
145.00 
Included 
Permeate & Reject Digital Flow Meter 
Each 
685.00 
Included 
Dual Post Filtration with GAC & Calcite Post-Filters to adjust pH 
875.00 
Included 
Nitrogen Filled # 5000 PSI Stainless Steel Pulsation Noise Dampener. 
2,835.00 
Included 
Pressure Relief Valve for Security If Pressure Valve closed 
1,975.00 
Included 
Auto Flush Package to flush system with fresh water after tank full 
2,450.50 
Included 
Suggested 
Pre-Treatment Equipment - Not Included Unless Indicated 
Unit Price 
Extended Price 
On-Demand Feed Supply Pump ITT Goulds or Ebara SHP, 3Phase 480V 
Each 
4,750.00 
Included 
Auto Flush Spin Down Screen Pre-Filter 
Each 
875.00 
Included 
Chlorine Injection System with Mixer & Pulsation Pump 
Each 
1,875.00 
Included 
De-Chlorination Injection System with Mixer & Pulsation Pump 
Each 
1,875.00 
Included 
Anti-Scalant Chemical Injection System with Mixer & Pulsation Pump 
Each 
1,875.00 
Included 
24Ft' Multimedia Anthracite Pre•Filter w/backwash valve, Bypass 
Each 
12,750.00 
Included 
Additional Options & Equipment - Not Included Unless Indicated 
Unit Price 
Extended Price 
Grundfos Submersible Pump Model 150S150-8 (15HP) 
8,750.00 
Optional 
Anti-Scalant Aqueous Liquid (Flacon 130) (55 gal. Drum) 
1,450.00 
Optional 
Complete Installation in a 20' Connex Container, including Insulation, Wiring, 
Lights, and A/C Unit will be fully built inside. 
21,750.00 
Optional 
250KW Kubota 3 Phase 440V Diesel Generator 
48,750.00 
Optional 
Packaging and Crating 
1,875.00 
1,875.00 
Please not that shipping and handling charges are not included in this quote. 
Sales Tax will be added to orders shipped in California unless tax exempt 
Information is provided. 
System Dimensions: 
SW100K GPD•TFC: 
200" X 76' X 128' 
Sub-Total 
$ 
299,725.00 
TBD 
299,725.00 
Shipping & Handling 
Total > 
Exclusions: Prices do not include shipping, insurance, sales tax, import taxes and duties, installation, and 
options listed below unless otherwise indicated. 
Estimated Delivery: 12-14 weeks ARO, Quote is valid for 60 days. 
Payment Terms: 60% Deposit. Balance due by ship date. All pricing stated is in U.S. dollars 
A M PA C USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807634
--- PAGE 8 ---
Specifications for Ampac Reverse Osmosis System 100,000GPD-TFC 
- The following specifications include only noted details of the complete RO system. It does not Include specifications for all parts, 
components, and details that are to be included. 
(Note: The following pictures are for demonstrating purposes. The final product may be slightly differ) 
Submersible Intake Pump: (Optional) 
The Grundfos S Pump Series incorporate many protection and applications features giving operators confidence with 
the flexibility to adapt the pump to many different applications. 
The S Pump Series incorporate the following common features: 
• 
Built-in sand bearing minimizes sand damage experienced in most other submersible pumps 
and increases pump life, as well as offering protection against Up-Thrust. 
• 
All Stainless Steel construction for increased durability and reliability. 
• 
Built-in, jam-free check valves guarantee smooth running, fail safe operation. 
• 
User-friendly cable guard for the easiest installation among submersible pumps. 
• 
Dry-run protection 
• 
High efficiency pump and motor 
• 
Over-voltage and under-voltage protection 
• 
Soft-Start and Overload protection 
• 
Over-temperature protection and High starting torque 
Specifications: 
• 
Model: 
150S150-8 
• 
Quantity: 
in Parallel 
• 
Pump Body: 
Full Duplex Stainless Steel 
• 
Shaft & Impeller: 
Full Duplex Stainless Steel 
• 
Ports: 
3" NPT Inlet x 3" NPT Discharge 
• 
Shaft Seal: 
Standard Mech. Seal Viton/Carbon/Ceramic/S.S, Casing "O"-Ring is Viton. 
• 
Motor: 
15HP 230/380/480 Volt Three phase. NEMA standard totally enclosed enclosure. 
Rugged design for continuous duty under all operating conditions. 
• 
Approvals: 
Motor is CE UL Certified to Operate In North America & Eurooe. 
C E 42 -
Feed Supply Pumps: /Optional) 
Magnetic-drive pump (MAGdrive) 
Grundfos CRN MAGdrive pumps operate according to a patented, magnetic-drive system that eliminates the need for shaft 
seals. The power from the motor is transmitted to the pump by magnetic force and not by a conventional coupling. 
Combined with a hermetically sealed liquid end, the pump is totally leak-free. As all axial forces are absorbed in the 
MAGdrive system, the pump incorporates a standard ICE or NEMA motor with keyway and deep groove ball bearing. 
Main Pump shall be equipped with a VFD (Variable Frequency Drive), Second Pump shall be equipped with a Start Stop 
Pressure Sensor. 
• 
Quantity: 
• 
Type: 
Multi—stage centrifugal Pumps 
• 
Model: 
Grundfos 475S 
• 
Capacity: 
140 GPM Each 
• 
Head: 
PSI 
.0 
Impeller Material: 
553161 
• 
Shaft Material: 
S53161 
• 
Sealing Arrangement: 
Mechanical seal 
• 
Motor Arrangement: 
Direct Coupled 
.0 
Motor Insulation: 
CEI-EN standard /Class F 
• 
Motor Rating: 
KW each 
• 
Power: 
480V/3Phase /60Hz 
▪ 
Manufacturer: 
Grundfos, Germany 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807635
--- PAGE 9 ---
Auto-Flush Screen Filter (Optional) 
• 
Count Two, First filter 100 Micron, Second Filter 50 Micron. 
Screen Filters are designed for High particle retention, large filter area, allows long intervals 
between cleaning. 
• 
Non-corrosive and very durable 
• 
Engineered plastics no metal parts in contact with water. 
• 
Easy maintenance: The filter elements can be easily extracted from the filter housing for rinsing. 
• 
Minimal energy loss: Extremely low head loss at high flow rates. 
• 
Auto Flush Solenoid with Timer Mounted below the filter to flush any sand particles and suspended 
solids 7 seconds every minute which will prevent maximum protection for the following stage. 
Pre-Chlorination System (Optional) 
Seawater in the defined area is very likely to contain different kinds of bacteria which need special attention to deal with. 
If bacteria enter the membranes, it blocks the membranes due to bacterial growth as well as slime build up. The blockage 
ultimately results in decline in productivity and elevation in the differential pressure across the membranes. Pre• 
chlorination of feed water is considered to be of prime importance under the conditions. 
a 
a 
'4) 
a 
a 
System include: 
Dosing pump: 
Capacity: 
Pressure: 
Accessories: 
Dosing tank: 
Capacity: 
Material: 
Manufacturer: 
Tank, Mixer and Injection (Dosing) Pump 
Solenoid driven positive displacement pump. 
3.4 1/hr. 
bar 
Injection valve, foot valve 
liters 
PE 
Ampac USA / Blue White 
e-Chlorination System (optional) 
As chlorination of seawater is a must to eliminate bacteria from the water, it is equally important to scavenge chlorine 
before the feed water enters the membranes. For this purpose sodium Metabisulfite is dosed before cartridge filters. A 
dosing system is incorporated to ensure the elimination of chlorine in the feed water to membranes. 
• 
System include: 
Tank, Mixer and Injection (Dosing) Pump 
• 
Dosing Pump Type: 
Solenoid driven positive displacement pump. 
• 
Capacity: 
6L 1/hr. 
• 
Pressure: 
bar 
• 
Accessories: 
Injection valve, Foot Valve 
• 
Dosing tank: 
• 
Capacity: 
Liters 
• 
Material: 
PE 
• 
Manufacturer: 
Ampac USA / Blue White 
• 
Accessories Included: Suction and Discharge Hoses, Foot Valve, Discharge Check Valve. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807636
--- PAGE 10 ---
Anti-Scalant Dosing System (Optional) 
Anti-Scalant chemicals are dosed to prevent fouling and scaling in the membranes. Anti-Scalant in feed water increases its 
concentration with an increase in the % recovery of the system. The anti-Scalant works on the principle of threshold 
phenomenon that is a small amount of chemical that controls a large amount of scale formation by sparingly soluble salts. 
Depending upon formulation of raw water, a dose of about 3+6 PPM of anti-Scalant is required to keep the system free from 
fouling and scaling. Due to dispersion effect, the life of the membrane increases as well as frequency of membrane cleaning 
decreases. 
-) 
System include: 
Tank, Mixer and Injection (Dosing) Pump 
• 
Dosing Pump Type: 
Solenoid driven positive displacement pump. 
▪ 
Capacity: 
3.4L 1/hr. 
-) 
Pressure: 
bar 
• 
Accessories: 
Injection valve, foot valve tubing Dosing Tank 
▪ 
Capacity: 
liters 
-) 
Material: 
PE. 
• 
Manufacturer: 
Ampac USA / Blue White 
• 
Accessories Included: 
Suction and Discharge Hoses, Foot Valve, Discharge Check Valve 
Sediment Cartridge Filter Housing 5 Micron 
A fine filtration unit of porosity 5- micron is installed. This Pre-Filter will eliminate all suspended 
solids up to 5 Micron from getting to the membrane elements. 
-) 
Quantity: 
in Parallel 
-) 
Flow Rate: 
140 GPM 
-) 
Model: 
HIF 
• 
Maximum Operating pressure: 
150 PSI 
▪ 
Number of standard 30" cartridge: 
Count 
-) 
Filter height: 
55" 
• 
Length of Cartridge Filter: 
30" 
▪ 
Diameter of Cartridges: 
VC 
-) 
Material: 
Carbon Fiber 
• 
Porosity: 
micron 
▪ 
Manufacturer: 
Harmsco, USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
AMPAC USA 
EFTA00807637
--- PAGE 11 ---
Multimedia KDF-GAC-Poly Phosphate Quartz Pre-Filters: 
System shall be equipped with twin Media Pre-filters connected in Parallel. 
Suspended particles in raw water need a sand fitter as pretreatment for RO System. This reduces 
the load on cartridge filters and filters the water down to 20+25 micron size of suspended solids. 
As well it will remove Chlorine injected earlier, and adjust pH. Since Multimedia fitter has to 
backwash with raw water, therefore, rinse step has been provided in backwash sequence. The 
filters will automatically back wash, based on timer control. 
Following are the specifications of Multi Media Filters: 
• 
Dimensions: 
ft3 Carbon Multimedia Pre-filter system w/ 3" ports valve 
a 
Material: 
Reinforced fiberglass housing (FRP) 
a 
Flowrate: 
245 GPM (24hr/7days per week) 
• 
Piping: 
Sch80 High Pressure PVC piping 
• 
Media: 
Active Acid Washed Coal Based Carbon, Anthracite, Silica Quartz 
• 
Valve: 
Fleck 2850 Auto Backwash Valve 
• 
Reason: 
Provides water of less than .1 ppm chlorine 
• 
Feature: 
Fully Automated Operation 
J Operation: 
R/O System will automatically shut down when GAC Backwash. 
• 
Manufacturer: 
Tank from Structural USA, Valve from Fleck USA 
• 
Materials: 
• 
Lbs. KDF Redox Bacteriostatic Media (To reduce Bacteria) 
• 
Lbs. Poly Phosphate Media (To reduce corrosion) 
• 
Lbs. Silica Quartz (To reduce Sediment) 
• 
240Lbs. Acid Washed Activated Coconut Shell Bacteriostatic Media. 
Media Included: 
1) KW Media: KDF• Process Media are high-purity, granulated copper and zinc-based alloys that treat water 
and waste water through a process based upon the principle of redox (Oxidation-Reduction). 
Originally, KDF was shorthand for Kinetic Degradation Fluxion. 
KDF Process Media enhance the performance, extend the life, reduce the maintenance and lower the total cost of carbon-
based Media to follow. 
KDF Process Media help control microorganisms by creating an environment that's deadly to some microorganisms and that 
interferes with the ability of many other microorganisms to function. Either way, the use of KDF Process Media results in the 
total elimination of some contaminants and a great reduction of a wide variety of others which will protect the RO 
Membrane elements from Fouling by any bacterial growth. 
2) 
Polyphosphate Media: is added to mask the effects of high iron concentrations. The Polyphosphate delays 
the precipitation of oxidized manganese and iron, thereby greatly reducing the layer of scale that forms 
on the pipes. The effect is called sequestration. The iron or manganese ion is surrounded by a chain of 
phosphate molecules and is not allowed to precipitate in the water. 
3) 
Granular Activated Carbon (GAO: GAC filtration is most effective in removing organic contaminants from 
water. Organic substances are composed of two basic elements, carbon and hydrogen. Because organic 
chemicals are often responsible for taste, odor, and color problems, GAC filtration can generally be used 
to improve aesthetically objectionale water. GAC filtration will also remove any excess chlorine. GAC 
filtration is recognized by the Water Quality Association to maintain drinking water contaminants within 
the limits of the EPA National Drinking Water Standards. 
A MPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807638
--- PAGE 12 ---
RO High Pressure Pump 
Brand: Fedco High Pressure Pump w/ safeguards 
The Fedco MSD series multi-stage centrifugal high-pressure feed pumps provide a 
new level of reliability and efficiency for Seawater Desalination Watermakers, 
unique features, such as the patented WATER BEARING thrust bearing, complete 
duplex SS construction, and maintenance-free design ensure years of trouble-free 
operation. 
The System will also include FEDCO's Hydraulic Pressure Boosters turbocharger 
the will increase the efficiency to exceed 80% transfer efficiency. Superior 
efficiency comes with superior reliability. 
Standard horizontal base, electric motor drive. The standard horizontal base is 4" 
x 2" Steel with 2 mil epoxy, powder coated with 34" channel steel supports for maximum 
down leveling and vibration shock mounts are standard. All motors are mounted on 
alignment. 
Specifications: 
• 
Model: 
• 
Pump Body: 
• 
Shaft & Impeller: 
• 
Ports: 
Shaft Seal: 
▪ 
Motor: 
• 
Enclosure: 
M55524 
Full Duplex Stainless Steel 
Full Duplex Stainless Steel 
3" NPT Inlet x 3" NPT Discharge 
Standard Mech. Seal is Viton/Carbon/Ceramic/S.S, Casing "O"-Ring is Viton. 
100 HP 440 Volt, Three phase. NEMA standard totally enclosed 
Rugged design for continuous duty under all operating conditions. 
'TAT 
weight load and minimum flexing. Bolt-
a two screw adjustable base for easy 
« 
Energy Recovery Hydraulic Pressure Booster (HPB) 
The Energy Recovery Hydraulic Pressure Turbo Charger shall be integrated to increase Liquid Transfer Efficiency up 
to 80% and reduce energy consumption. All brine passes through the turbine volute and impeller - no wasted 
energy Double O-rings to ensure reliable valve stem sealing - Retaining plate prevents accidental removal of valve 
stem from the unit. 
Specifications: 
a 
a 
Model: 
Body: 
Shaft & Impeller: 
Ports: 
Valve stem: 
Valve handle: 
Multi-turn design allows precise brine flow adjustment 
HPB40 
Full Duplex Stainless Steel 
Full Duplex Stainless Steel 
3" NPT Inlet x 2" NPT Discharge 
Duplex SS 2205 
316 SS 
Membranes Elements 
• 
Count 14 Membrane Elements 
• 
Filmtec SW30ULE-400i, 11,000 gpd rating Low Fowling 
• 
Improved FILMTEC'" Reverse Osmosis Membrane Elements offer the 
• 
Highest productivity while maintaining excellent Dissolved Solids Rejection. 
• 
FILMTEC SW30 membrane elements have the highest flow rates available to meet the water 
demands of both sea-based and land-based desalinators. 
• 
Improved FILMTEC membrane elements combined with automated, precision element fabrication result in the most 
consistent product performance available. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807639
--- PAGE 13 ---
Pressure Vessels 
Codeline ISO-9001 Certified Vessels utilize a unique shell design which allows the housings to weep, preventing catastrophic 
Failure. Composite construction results in superior impact and corrosion resistance. 
ii 
Quantity: 
Vessels 
• 
Material of Construction: 
FRP Composite 
Pressure Rating: 
1200 PSI 
J 
Dimensions: 
8" x 120" 
• 
Number of Elements per Housing: 
Elements 
Post Treatment System 
The pH of the permeate water is expected to be in the range of 5. This is rather, acidic. To control the pH, Sodium 
Hydroxide dosing is recommended to increase the pH of the permeate water. 
▪ 
System include: 
• 
Dosing Pump Type: 
• 
Capacity: 
J 
Pressure: 
• 
Reagent: 
a 
Accessories: 
Dosing tank: 
• 
Capacity: 
• 
Material: 
Tank, Mixer and Injection (Dosing) Pump 
Solenoid driven positive displacement pump 
I/hr. 
S bar 
Sodium Hydroxide 
Injection valve, foot Valve 
Liters 
PE 
CIP (Clean in Place System): toptio9ty, 
The cleaning skid is designed for manual operation through a local control box located on the skid. A chemical storage tank is 
mounted on its own stand and connected to the skid with either hard PVC piping or quick disconnect fittings and flexible hoses. 
This gives the unit the ability to be mounted in a permanent location or totally portable if desired. The piping is schedule 80 PVC 
that is hydrostatically tested at the factory. The electrical enclosure is NEMA 4X. All skid wiring is completed and tested before 
shipment. 
Standard Features: 
Skid mounted unit 
▪ 
Chemical solution tank with cover 
PVC piping 
316L Stainless cleaning pump 
S micron cartridge filter with housing 
Local flow meter 
Tank level switch (CS 8) 
▪ 
220V/1Ph/60Hz or 460V/3Ph/60Hz 
Available Options 
▪ 
pH Controller 
 
Electric heater for chemical tank with temperature controller 
▪ 
Flexible hoses for cleaning connection 
Wheel mounted skids for smaller units 
Mixer 
Applications 
Membrane cleaning 
▪ 
Descaling 
Membrane Cleaning Chemicals: 
Acid and alkaline cleaning chemicals are most commonly used for membrane cleaning. Acid cleaners are designed to remove 
inorganic and iron deposits. Acid cleaning should be performed at a pH of about 2. Alkaline cleaners are designed for 
removal of biological matter, organic foulants, and silica deposits. Alkaline cleaning is performed at a pH of about 12. 
Membrane Cleaning Process: 
Reverse Osmosis membrane elements can experience a decline in performance due to the accumulation of deposits on the 
membrane surface. Mineral scale, colloidal particles, biological matter, and insoluble organic compounds are the usual 
causes of membrane fouling. When production of a Reverse Osmosis system drops by at least 10 percent, or the differential 
pressure increases by 15 percent (over normal operating conditions), membrane cleaning should be performed. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807640
--- PAGE 14 ---
Instrumentation 
PLC: S200 Series Microprocessor Controller: (Included) 
The system will come with a complete control panel that include a Series 200 reverse 
osmosis microprocessor controller features an alphanumeric backlit LCD to display 
operating conditions, and provides adjustable time delays and set points to 
accommodate varying field conditions. 
The Series 200 controller displays the permeate TDS/Conductivity, Permeate Flow, 
Concentrate Flow, Pressure, pH level and water temperature, and operating hours 
along with the operating status of the RO unit. The Series 200 monitors low and high 
pressure switches, tank levels, and pretreatment equipment. It provides relay outputs 
for the RO high pressure pump, inlet solenoid valve, membrane flush solenoid valve, 
and optional relays for permeate divert or remote alarm and auxiliary output. 
The Microprocessor or PLC based control system shall monitor and control operation of system and communicate 
with pretreatment equipment and distribution tank level as required. Skid mounted control panel shall house control 
system, operator interface controls, solenoids, IEC motor starter(s), step down transformer, high voltage disconnect. 
Control system shall be fully programmed and integrity tested at factory prior to shipment. 
1- Panel shall include: 
a. Backlit LCO display for operating conditions and set points 
b. Lights, pushbuttons, and switches for status and control of system 
c. Conductivity Monitor for feed and permeate 
d. Elapsed run time indicator 
e. Alarm horn 
f. System power switch 
g. Nameplates for device identification 
h. Automatic reject flush indicator and controls 
2- Alarm conditions shall include: 
a. Low feed pressure and Low Level 
b. High and High-High permeate conductivity 
3- Unit Shutdowns Include: 
a. Low feed pressure 
b. Pretreatment filters in backwash 
c. Product storage tank full 
d. High-High permeate conductivity 
4- Functional Specification 
a. Complete functional specification shall be provided which describes: 
1) Operation of unit 
2) Control loops 
3) Interlocks 
4) Alarms 
5) Startup/Shutdown sequences 
6) Security 
The system will have an automatic operation. All electrical wiring will be in accordance with UL / CE standards. 
The Control of: 
Feed Supply Pump 
Automatic flush solenoid valve 
Two TDS/Conductivity Points 
Flow Indicators & % Rejection 
Inlet solenoid valve 
pH Monitor 
RO storage tank level switches (1 or 2) 
Water temperature 
Operatin: hours 
A MPA C USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807641
--- PAGE 15 ---
PLC: V1040 w/10.4" Touch Screen Controller: (optiono 
The SW-100K is equipped with a Programmable Logic Controller featuring an integrated 10 inch Full Color Graphic 
Touch Screen Operator Interface. 
All operating conditions and process status are simultaneously 
displayed on a single process diagram display screen. 
The operator interface is virtually menu less, making it easy to locate and 
adjust all time delays and process set points. 
To view specific set point and control options for any piece of equipment 
simply touch the corresponding image on the graphic screen and all 
options appear. To return to the main process display, simply touch the 
"Main" button. 
This operator interface is conveniently located on the front of the main 
NEMA 4X Rated control Enclosure. 
Depending on the control options selected, the controller is capable of 
displaying 
• 
Influent Flow Rate and Accumulation 
• 
Concentrate Flow Rate and Accumulation 
Permeate Flow Rate and Accumulation 
• 
Influent concentrate and permeate Salinity (TDS/Conductivity) 
• 
Percentage of salt rejection 
Percentage of water recovery 
• 
Concentration factor 
Membrane flux and Specific Flux Rates, 
• 
Water Temperature 
System Operating Hours 
• 
Individual Run Times for each motor and valve 
• 
System Flow 
• 
User Defined Flow 
• 
Previous 24 hour flow, and todays running flow totals for influent, concentrate and permeate lines. 
' 
The PLC also monitors Low and High Pressure Switches, Tank Levels, and Pre-Treatment Equipment. 
• 
Data logging is provided for all monitored system variables (i.e. pressures, flows, TDS/Conductivity, pH, 
temperature & etc.) 
• 
Multi-level security login ensures only qualified personnel is able to make changes to operating set points. 
• 
If secure internet connectivity is provided the system may be remotely monitored and operated from 
anywhere on the planet. In addition, all trend data is also remotely accessible. 
* 
63 Ea 
* 
Ea 143 tit Ca 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807642
--- PAGE 16 ---
Pressure Gauges 
- Liquid Filled Panel Mount Stainless Steel Pressure Gauges after every phase of Production as follows: 
• 
In-Let Feed Pressure 
• 
Auto-Flush Screen Pre-Filter 
• 
Distribution Pump Pressure 
• 
Multimedia Silica Quartz Pre-Filter Pressure 
▪ 
Ion Exchange Softener Pressure 
GAC Carbon Media Pre-Filter Pressure 
O 
Sediment Pre-Filter Pressure 
• 
Booster Pump Pressure 
• 
Re-Circulation Pump Pressure 
• 
Post Filter Pressure 
Pressure Valves 
System will include Two Pressure Valves made by Swagelok as follows: 
1) 
System Pressure Valve to Control Booster Pump Pressure and Concentrate 
2) 
Pressure Relief Valve to prevent system from reaching unsafe pressure rating. 
Controls 
Flow 
Alt 
System Pressure 
Control Valve 
• 
Complete Panel for Easy Controls 
JI 
• 
Automatic operating processor w/ programmable logic controller for all pumps, w/ delayed start-up of high 
pressure pump and Automatic Flush System 
• 
Liquid Filled pressure gauges 
Low & High pressure gauges 
I 
Permeate & concentrate flow meters Blue White 
Pressure Relief Valve 
J 
1/8 DIN Aluminum case 
0.56" high efficiency red LED display. 
ORP Meter (option!) 
• 
In-line ORP meter would be installed to monitor the product water quality. 
• 
Monitors and controls Oxygen Reduction Potential levels for high output systems. 
Large, bright = 
display. 
I 
An alarm will sound if the TDS level rises above the user-set level. 
• 
Includes one sensor probe. 
• 
Range: 0+1000 µS/cm 
pH-Meter (opt,onn) 
The 3671 pH controller with a 2 digit LED display features a two 8 amp relays 1/8 DIN panel mount format, and has been 
long known as an industry workhorse. 
• 
All solid design 
• 
Low power consumption design, reduced internal heating thus increased reliability 
• 
Heat cycled 100 hours before shipment 
• 
Set points on front panel 
• 
Recorder output 
O 
Temperature indication standard with Pt-100 probe 
• 
Automatic pH temperature compensation 0.100"C 
• 
Set points cover entire span 
• 
1/8 DIN Aluminum case 
O 
0.56" high efficiency red LED display. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807643
--- PAGE 17 ---
Auto-Flush Process 
The RIO System will Auto-Flush automatically, through the supplied pump, every 
time the storage tanks fill in order to remove concentrate and trapped colloidal 
particles on the membrane surface. The flush process will be carried out with fresh 
permeate water. 
Pump 
Piping: 
• 
Feed: 
3" Stainless Steel 316L 
• 
Product: 
2" Stainless Steel 316L 
• 
Reject: 
3" Stainless Steel 316L 
• 
Pressurized Piping Fittings Stainless Steel 
• 
All High Pressure Pipes and Fittings will be from 316L Stainless Steel 
Frame: 
a 
Ampac, powder coated, welded aluminum frame 
a 
Skid base Include a welded Diamond Plate 
Skid is Anodized and Double Powder Coated. 
RO system Operating Requirements: 
Operating Liras 
• 
Feed Temp: 
Max 
105 F 
• 
Feed Pressure: 
Min 
psi 
Max 
psi 
. 
7-r 
• 
Chlorine: 
Max 
.1 ppm (after carbon filter) 
• 
Feed Ph: Max 
Min 
• 
Feed TDSMax. 
45,000 ppm 
Electrical 
a 
Nema 4X rating 
• 
Three Phase 440V/60Hz 
• 
Electrical: 100 HP Motor. - 440V 13 Phase 60Hz 
• 
Built-in capacitor and overload with automatic reset. 
• 
Motor is CE UL Certified 
CE To Operate in North America & Europe. 
Based on the above operating limits the following items will be guaranteed: 
73.5 
. mak of 
for
GPM L 10.4 trims 
 Permeate product water 
 continuo' 
houedav 7 day/week nooratinn 
A MPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807644
--- PAGE 18 ---
Additional Specifications: 
• 
Reject Percentage range between 40 and 60 percent 
• 
Water quality sampling ports for each membrane 
• 
Valve and piping for recycle water and conductivity mixing options 
• 
RO only to backwash when storage tank is full 
• 
RO will flush when idle for preset number of hours. 
Monitoring: 
• 
Feed, Reject, and Product Conductivity 
• 
Reject, Reject Recycle, Product and Conductivity Mixing flow rates 
• 
Pressure before and after Carbon Filter 
• 
Pressure before and after Pre Filter 
• 
Pressure after RO pump 
• 
Pressure before and after GAC Post Filter 
• 
Product water temperature. 
Service: 
Ampac USA will be available for product support, including spare parts and service for the 
Operational life of the system for a small annual fee to be agreed upon after the first year. 
If RO operation does not meet the specifications listed above, Ampac USA will be able to respond 
with product support in a timely manner. 
Maintenance Schedule: 
Description 
Size 
Micron 
Price 
Services 
Annually 
Total Price 
Two Hydro Safe Pre-Filter 
4" x 30" 
285.00 
570.00 
Two Hydro Safe Pre-Filter 
4" x 30" 
285.00 
570.00 
Anti-Scalant Aqueous Liquid 
Liquid 
gal 
625.00 
1,250.00 
2,390.00 
Media good for 
Multimedia Pre-Filter 
Price/Lbs. 
Quantity 
Price 
/Number of 
Total Price 
Years 
Prorated 
Anthracite Carbon 
1.75 
1320 
2,310.00 
Years 
770.00 
KDF Media 
8.50 
100 
850.00 
Years 
283.33 
Poly Phosphate 
8.50 
100 
850.00 
Years 
283.33 
1,336.67 
Total Maintenance Cost per year 
$ 3,726.67 
A MPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807645
--- PAGE 19 ---
Electrical Power Container: 
Electrical Power Container package shall include two John Deere 250KW Diesel Generators, Bolted. One Prime 
Continuous and second shall be on Standby controlled by Automatic Transfer Switch, container shall also include 
two fans one for air intake, and the second for air suction. 
GENERATORS - DIESEL: John Deere: 250 kW Open Set: 
• 
John Deere 250 kW Open Set 
• 
Full Load: 400 Amps 
• 
6090HF Engine 
• 
PDG 274K Alternator 
• 
Remote Oil Drain Valve Installed w/ Hose 
• 
Residential Grade Aluminized Automotive Muffler 
• 
Exide 24MSXX Marine Grade 1000 Amp Battery 
• 
Assembled, Wired, and Mounted on a Steel Skid with Anti-Vibration Motor Mounts 
• 
Low Oil Pressure and High Coolant Temp Shutdowns are Standard 
• 
CK-4 Spec 15-40 Diesel Oil & 50/50 Engine Coolant are included. 
AUTO CONTROLLERS: Deep Sea Electronics: DSE 7310 Engine Auto Controller 
Deep Sea USA 7310 Auto Controller INSTALLED - 2 wire auto start engine controller. Engine controller includes full 
shut down protection monitoring for low oil pressure, high water temp, over/under rpm and Hz. Controller also 
includes hour meter, and engine rpm. 
FUEL TANKS: 
250 Gallon UL-142 Single Wall Steel Fuel Tank 250 Gallon UL-142 Listed Single Wall Fuel Tank 80" x 46" x 16" 
ELECTRICAL OPTIONS: 
Automatic Transfer Switch: 3 Phase 250.0 kW 277/480 Three Phase 277/480 250.0 kW Main Service Disconnect 
Breaker 350 Amps Mounted in NEMA 1 Box. 
SHIPPING: 
Freight — to be paid by Client or End User. Ampac USA can arrange for shipping or Client can utilize their own 
freight company. 
RETURN POLICY: 
In the unlikely event there is an issue with 
your generator, we will work with you 
and our network of suppliers and dealer 
repair centers to ensure your generator is 
running as it should. Ample time should 
be allotted for this by the customer. After 
all reasonable on site repair options have 
been exhausted and if the generator is 
still not performing properly, PDG will 
authorize a return for repair or 
replacement. All returns for any other 
reason will be charged a 20% restocking 
fee plus any damages incurred to the unit 
by the customer. Return shipping will be 
the sole responsibility of the customer. 
Thank You for choosing Powerhouse 
Diesel Generators. 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
AMPAC USA 
EFTA00807646
--- PAGE 20 ---
Terms: 
Payment Terms: 60% Deposit. 40% due before delivery date. All pricing stated is in U.S. dollars. 
Exclusions: Prices do not include shipping, insurance, sales tax, import taxes and duties, installation, and options listed 
below unless otherwise indicated. 
Warranties: 
Ampac USA warrants the system to be free from any defect in material of construction and workmanship for a period of 
one complete year from the date of commissioning of the unit, but not later than eighteen months from the date of 
shipment, under the following conditions: 
1. System is operated within parameters as stipulated in the manual. 
2. A proper log duly filled on daily basis is maintained with the client & sent to Ampac USA on monthly basis. 
Note: Ampac USA does not guarantee the product water to be free from bacteria unless an Ultra Violet Disinfection System 
or an Ozone Generator or both are installed on the Skid. 
Technical Support: 
Ampac USA will have technical support available for the period of one year included in this 
proposal as well 
includes the information you need to select, specify, install, and 
operate any Reverse Osmosis system from Ampac USA. In addition, it contains relevant 
technical information about the Components used by Ampac, case studies, references, and 
Authorized Sales and Service Representatives Worldwide. 
Monitoring: 
Ampac USA can monitor all R/O Systems remotely. Pricing for this service will be quoted separately if needed. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807647
--- PAGE 21 ---
Installation & Commissioning: 
Supervision for installation, Commissioning, start up and operator training services with first production runs 
will be provided free of charge. 
Flight, accommodations and transportation shall be provided by client. 
Finally, thank you for your Business. Hoping to have a long term business relationship between both our companies. If you 
have any further questions. Please do not hesitate to contact us anytime @ (818) 700.8015. 
Best regards, 
Sammy A. Farag 
Sammy A. Farag, CEO 
&BMW OSA 
5255 — 5265 State Street, Montclair, CA 91763 
Tel: (909) 548-4900 
Fax: (909) 548-4901 
Email: 
Website: 
Amoac USA Sea Water Desalination System 100.000 GPD 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
June 30, 2017 
EFTA00807648
--- PAGE 22 ---
AMPAC USA 
ADVANCED WATER TREATMENT SOLUTIONS 
Proposal No. 17101-100-010 
LPN 'OE aunt 
AMPAC USA Reverse Osmo‘is 
Refl
. , SO Osmosis Model SW.100K•LX 
c 
100,000GPD Portable Based 
Seawater Desalination Watormakor 
las SW 
EFTA00807649

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807650.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROPOSAL TO 
Mr. Brice Gordon 
For 
25,000 GPD CONTAINERIZED SEAWATER 
REVERSE OSMOSIS SYSTEM 
Great St. James Island 
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
JUNE 2018 
PROPOSAL NUMBER 043-06302018 
EFTA00807650
--- PAGE 2 ---
Table of Contents 
OVERVIEW 
PERFORMANCE PARAMETERS 
PROPOSED PROCESS DESCRIPTION 
COMMERCIAL TERMS 
ACCEPTANCE OF PROPOSAL 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Retention of Intellectual Property Rights 
Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, Gemini Seawater Systems LLC (GEMINI) and its affiliates retain all right, 
title, and interest to any intellectual property contained in this Proposal, including but not limited to: any plans, drawings, 
schematics, renderings, models, specifications, parts lists, bills of materials, data sheets, or other materials which may 
be subject to copyright: trade secrets; patented subject matter; and confidential business information (collectively, 
-Gemini Intellectual Property). The Saint James Group hereby acknowledges that any Gemini Intellectual Property 
contained in this Proposal or disclosed in connection with this Proposal is presented by GEMINI solely and exclusively 
for the purpose of this Proposal. The Saint James Group agrees that The Saint James Group shall not use, copy, 
reproduce, transmit, or disclose Gemini Intellectual Property to any of its officers, employees, agents, consultants, or 
any other person or entity acting on Saint James Group' behalf for any purpose other than to evaluate and consider 
the merits of this Proposal. The Saint James Group further agrees that The Saint James Group shall not (i) make, sell, 
offer for sale, or import any Gemini Intellectual Property or any products or systems described or depicted in this 
Proposal without the express written consent of GEMINI or (ii) copy, reproduce, transmit, transfer, or disclose Gemini 
Intellectual Property or any products or systems described or depicted in this Proposal to any third party for any reason 
whatsoever without the express written consent of GEMINI. 
2018-0321 
Copyright 2018©GSS 
GEMINI SEAWATER SYSTEM ISO 
PACE I? OF SS 
EFTA00807651
--- PAGE 3 ---
OVERVIEW 
Gemini Seawater Systems LLC (GSS) is pleased to present this proposal for the design, fabrication, 
installation and commissioning of a 25,000 gallon per day (GPD) seawater reverse osmosis desalination 
plant for The Saint James Group to supply water for Great St. James, USVI. This system will be supplied 
in a modified 20-foot-long shipping container. It is our understanding that this plant will provide water for 
the island until a subsurface pipeline is installed from Little St. James Island at which time the system could 
be decommissioned and sold or could remain on the island to serve as a standby water supply. 
The overall treatment process will consist of seawater pumping from the existing intake, media filtration, 
cartridge filtration, the addition of a trace quantity of a scale inhibitor, membrane separation, and post 
treatment consisting of upflow calcium carbonate for the addition of an alkalinity and hardness followed by 
chlorination. Disposal of the membrane concentrate and media filter backwash, will be via the existing 
outfall. 
The desalination system will consist of a single skid mounted unit rated to produce 25,000 US GPD within 
a 24-hour day. It will consist of two pressure vessels, each designed to hold up to three Toray TM820M-
400 spiral wound elements. The system will be designed to incorporate an automatic flushing feature that 
reduces the chance of scale formation or equipment corrosion during periods of shutdown. 
The proposed membrane feed pump is a Danfoss APP8.2 positive displacement axial piston pump 
constructed from 2205/2507 duplex stainless steel. Operating in parallel with the membrane feed pump 
will be a single ERI energy recovery device. This design provides the lowest possible energy usage and 
the greatest degree of flexibility, while maintaining a residual pressure on the membrane concentrate to 
eliminate the need for re-pumping for disposal. 
All low-pressure piping systems will be constructed using schedule 80 PVC, while all high-pressure piping 
is made from Zeron 100, a high quality super duplex stainless steel developed specifically for seawater. 
The plant controls are identical to those being installed on the Little St. James unit, designed to allow 
monitoring and control of each individual unit process from the control panel or remotely via a broadband 
Internet connection. The control system will be PLC based with a touch screen interface. The overall plant 
includes all the necessary instrumentation, motor starters, and controls for a complete, integrated system. 
The membrane post treatment process included in this proposal consists of one calcite bed and one liquid 
chemical feed system for disinfection of the finished water. 
OEM7J17. SEAWATER SYSTEM I-I-C 
PACE S OF MI 
EFTA00807652
--- PAGE 4 ---
Based on the stated assumptions for feedwater quality, this plant will produce finished water with total 
dissolved solids (TDS) in the range of 350 to 500 parts per million (ppm), well within US Safe Drinking Water 
Act. 
The system would be furnished in a new 20 foot-long shipping container modified to include 2-inches of 
insulated refrigeration panels, lighting, man door, and split air conditioning unit. The exterior of the container 
will be painted white to reduce heat loading, but the color could be changed to blend the container into the 
nature colors of the island. 
The price for the entire system is US$213,810, FOB Gainesville, Florida. This price includes a new seawater 
intake pumping system, pretreatment, 25,000 GPD SWRO unit, post treatment, installation tools and labor, 
commission labor and consumables and operation and maintenance manual. This price does not include 
the seawater intake, outfall, storage tanks or field piping and conduits, trenching and restoration cost. 
CEM7J47. SEAWATER SYSTEM I-I-C 
PACE LI OF MI 
EFTA00807653
--- PAGE 5 ---
PERFORMANCE PARAMETERS 
In the proposed plant design, seawater will be obtained from an open seawater intake located on the south 
side of the island and treated to US SDWA Standards. The proposed desalination process was developed 
based on a membrane flux rate' of 10.4 GFD. All hydraulic loading rates and pipe sizing have been done 
assuming a maximum recovery rate2 of 40 percent. Table 1 summarizes the design criteria used to size 
the proposed equipment. 
Table 1 
Proposed System Design Criteria 
Parameter 
Design Value 
Plant Daily Output, US GPD 
25,000 
Feedwater Stream 
Quantity, normal operating, GPM 
43.4 
Maximum Total Dissolved Solids, mg/L 
36,000 
Design Feedwater Temperature 
24° - 33° C 
Permeate Stream 
Design Flowrate, GPM 
17.4 
Design Recovery, % 
Total Dissolved Solids, mg/L 
Less than 500 
Concentrate Stream 
Quantity, normal operating, GPM 
26.0 
Backwash Flowrate, GPM 
- 100 
Power Requirements3
Three-phase voltage 
208 
Estimated unit power consumption, KWH/KGal 
17.8 
Defined as the membrane production rate per square foot of active membrane area and expressed in terms of 
gallons per square foot of active membrane per day or GFD. 
The recovery rate is the volumetric efficiency of the system as defined as the volume of water produced as a 
percentage of the feedwater. A 40 percent recovery system produces 40 gallons of permeate for every 100 gallons 
of seawater pumped into the membrane array. 
Detailed breakdown for the estimated power consumption is presented on the next page. 
CEMINS SEAWATER SYSTEM I-I-C 
RACE S OF SE-I 
EFTA00807654
--- PAGE 6 ---
Exhibit 1 
Plant Power Summary 25,000 GM' 
Great St. James Desalination System 
Plant Capacity: 
25,000 
Electrical Power: 
208 
Total Operating Loads 
Motor 
Source 
Rating, KW 
GPD 
VAC 
Quantity 
Hz 
Actual Load 
KW each 
Actual Load 
KW total 
eff. % 
Line Load 
KW 
Operating 
Hours 
per Day 
PF 
Amps 
KVA 
KWH/D 
KWH/KG 
Feedwater Supply Pump 
3.7 
2.7 
2.7 
89.0% 
3.0 
80.0% 
10.5 
3.8 
291 
Membrane Feed Pump 
14.9 
7.6 
7.6 
91.0% 
8.3 
99.0% 
23.3 
8.4 
200 
7.99 
ER Boost Pump 
3.7 
1.0 
1.0 
88.0% 
1.1 
99.0% 
3.2 
1.1 
1.08 
Subtotal 208 VAC 3 Phase 
11.3 
12.5 
37.0 
13.3 
299.5 
12.0 
Single Phase Power: 
110 
VAC 
Hz 
Control Power 
99.0% 
1.0 
100% 
9.1 
1.0 
0.96 
Container Power 
99.0% 
5.0 
100% 
45.5 
5.0 
120 
4.80 
Subtotal 110 VAC Single Phase 
6.0 
KW 
54.9 
6.0 
145.0 
Equivalent 208 VAC 3 Phase Amps 
16.8 
Single and 3 Phase Total 
18.5 
KW 
53.8 
6.0 
444 
Estimated Power Consumption, KWH/KG 
17.8 
Based on published information for the various components used in the system. Actual performance may vary depending on equipment age and membrane 
operating pressure. Energy is based on membrane operating pressure of 760 psi, energy recovery boost pump operating pressure of 35 psi, includes intake 
pump and assumes container power transformer operating at full capacity. In reality, the container power will be substantially lower. 
GEMINI- SEAWATER SYSTEM ISO 
RACE C-7 OF PS 
EFTA00807655
--- PAGE 7 ---
PROPOSED PROCESS DESCRIPTION 
The overall treatment process will consist of seawater pumping, media filtration, cartridge filtration, the 
addition of a trace quantity of a scale inhibitor, membrane separation, and post treatment consisting of an 
upflow calcite bed followed by a chemical feed system chlorination. Disposal of the membrane concentrate 
and media filter backwash will be via an outfall. 
The system will be designed to allow monitoring and control from a main control panel or remotely via a 
broadband Internet connection. The control system will be PLC based with a touch screen interface. The 
overall system includes all the necessary instrumentation, motor starters, and controls for a complete, 
integrated system. The system will be supplied in a 20-foot shipping container equipped with air conditioning 
and lighting. The system will be furnished to operate on a 208-volt three phase power supply. 
RAW WATER SUPPLY 
Table 2 presents the seawater composition used for the system design along with the projected finished 
water compositions. In general, actual permeate quality will vary, depending on feed water salinity and 
temperature and the degree of membrane fouling. 
Table 2 
Water Quality Profile 
Constituent 
Feedwater 
Membrane 
Concentrate 
Membrane 
Permeate 
Finished 
Water 
Calcium, mg/I as ion 
400 
689 
0.7 
12.8 
Magnesium, mg/I as ion 
1,300 
2,240 
2.2 
2.2 
Sodium, mg/I as ion 
10,800 
18,573 
Potassium, mg/I as ion 
390 
670 
2.7 
2.7 
Bicarbonate, mg/I as ion 
140 
237 
1.2 
Sulfate, mg/I as ion 
2,700 
4,651 
6.1 
6.1 
Chloride, mg/I as ion 
19,400 
33,423 
107 
110 
Carbon Dioxide, mg/I as CO2 
2.4 
2.4 
2.4 
0.1 
Silica, mg/I as Si02 
25.8 
0.1 
TDS, mg/I 
35,106 
60,517 
187 
254 
pH, unit 
7.8 
8.0 
5.9 
8.2 
To meet the flow and pressure requirements of the system pretreatment, an intake pump, intake priming 
system and related piping will be provided and installed in a shelter (provided by The Saint James Group). 
The scope of supply includes the following: 
Intake Pump 
Number provided 
CEMT.N.T. SEAWATER SYSTEM ISO 
PACE 7 OF RS 
EFTA00807656
--- PAGE 8 ---
Manufacturer 
Ampco 
Model 
ZC2 2" x 1.5" 
Pump Fluid End 
2205 Duplex Stainless Steel 
Motor Rating, HP 
Intake Pump Suction Isolation  
Butterfly 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number provided 
Intake Pump Discharge Isolation 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number provided 
Intake Pump Discharge Check 
Vertical Positioned Swing 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
2" 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number provided 
Intake Pump VFD 
Number Provided 
Manufacturer 
Danfoss 
Model 
VLT6 Aqua Drive 
NEMA Rating 
4X 
Motor Rating, HP 
Voltage 
208 VAC 
Phases 
Three 
Electrical Disconnect 
Location 
Intake Pump 
Manufacturer 
Bryant or equal 
Rating 
amp 
Enclosure 
non-metallic NEMA 4 
Number provided 
Pressure Indicator 
Location 
Intake Pump Suction 
Manufacturer 
WIKA or equal 
Range 
-30" Hg - 0 - 30 psig 
Material of Construction 
316 SSTL Wetted 
MEM=Isl= SEAMIATER SYSTEM I-1—C 
PACE El CF PEI 
EFTA00807657
--- PAGE 9 ---
Seawater Intake Priming Pump 
Number Provided 
Manufacturer 
Tsurumi 
Model 
50TM2.4S 
Pump Fluid End 
Titanium 
Motor Rating, HP 
0.5 
Priming Solution Isolation 
Type 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
1.5' 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number Provided 
Priming Vacuum Line Isolation 
Type 
Y-Check 
Manufacturer 
GF 
Size 
1/2" 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number Provided 
Priming Vacuum Line Isolation 
Type 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
1/2" 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number Provided 
Priming Eductor 
Manufacturer 
Pardee 
Size 
1.5' 
Material of Construction 
Glass reinforced polyethylene 
Number Provided 
Priming Tank 
Manufacturer 
Chem-Tainer 
Capacity 
gallons 
Size 
24"(L) x 18"(W) x 36"(H), 3/16" wall thickness 
Material of Construction 
high density polyethylene 
Number Provided 
INTERCONNECTING PIPING & CONDUITS 
The following information is provided to assist with planning and facility layout. The following sizes and 
CEACIsl= SEAIAIATER SYSTEM 
I—I—C 
PACE 
EFTA00807658
--- PAGE 10 ---
materials are recommended for this project based on the buildout requirements. 
Seawater Supply — Intake Pump Station to Plant 
Material 
HDPE 
Outside Diameter 
3-
Pipe Rating 
DR17 
Connections 
Fused or compression coupling 
Membrane Concentrate — Plant to Outfall 
Material 
HDPE 
Outside Diameter 
3-
Pipe Rating 
DR17 
Connections 
Fused or compression coupling 
Finished Water— Plant to Storage 
Material 
PVC 
Outside Diameter 
1.5' 
Pipe Rating 
Schedule 80 
Connections 
Glued and 150 lbs flanged 
MEDIA FILTRATION 
Media filtration is used to protect the membrane system from suspended solids present in the seawater. 
The media filtration system would consist of the following: 
Media Filters 
Diameter, feet 
2.5 
Number required 
Side Shell, feet 
Material of Construction 
Glass reinforced plastic 
Maximum Design Pressure 
100 psig 
Design 
ASME Code, but not code stamped 
Media 
Anthracite, garnet sand, and pea gravity 
Filter Loading Rate, GPM/ft2 
4.4 
Backwash Loading Rate, GPM/ft2 
15-20 
Backwash Flowrate, GPM 
- 98 
Backwash Source 
Seawater Intake Pump 
Media Filter Face Piping Valves 
Feed Isolation Valve 
Size 
2-inch 
Type 
Ball 
Backwash Inlet Isolation Valve 
MEMatl= SEAIAIATER SYSTEM 
I-I-C 
PACE 1S CF E?B 
EFTA00807659
--- PAGE 11 ---
Size 
2-inch 
Type 
Ball 
Filter Housing Vent 
Size 
Yrinch 
Type 
Ball 
Backwash to Drain Isolation Valve 
Size 
2-inch 
Type 
Ball 
Filtered Outlet Isolation Inlet 
Size 
2-inch 
Type 
Ball 
Forward Rinse Isolation Valve 
Size 
2-inch 
Type 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi or equal 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Pressure Transmitter 
Location 
Media Filter Influent Header 
Manufacturer 
WIKA or Equal 
Range 
-100 psig 
Material of Construction 
316 SSTL Wetted 
Number Provided 
Pressure Transmitter 
Location 
Media Filter Effluent Pressure 
Manufacturer 
WIKA or Equal 
Range 
-100 psig 
Material of Construction 
316 SSTL Wetted 
Number Provided 
Pressure Indicator 
Media Filter Inlet and Outlet 
Manufacturer 
WIKA 
Size 
4-1/2' 
Range 
to 100 psig 
Material of Construction 
316 SSTL Wetted and Phenolic Case 
Liquid Fill 
Glycerin 
Number Provided 
Switching Valve 
Swagelok SS-43XGS4 
Number Provided 
CEN4=Isl= SEAVIATER 
St.:STEN.; 1_1_0 
PACE -Si 
CF 
EFTA00807660
--- PAGE 12 ---
SCALE CONTROL 
Most naturally occurring waters precipitate calcium carbonate when concentrated. During the RO process, 
the dissolved solids, including these sparingly soluble salts, are concentrated by the RO membranes. If 
any of these salts are allowed to precipitate, the resulting scale can foul the RO membranes. Through the 
use of scale inhibitors, the potential for the seawater to form a scale during the treatment process is 
minimized. The chemical injection pump fluid end will be supplied to permit the use of sulfuric acid instead 
of the scale inhibitor to enhance post treatment operation. The pretreatment system will include a chemical 
injection system that will consist of the following: 
Chemical Feed System 
Chemical 
Scale Inhibitor 
Number provided 
Manufacturer 
Grundfos 
Head and Fittings 
 PVDF 
Fluid End 
PVDF 
Check Valves 
Ceramic 
Day Tank 
Volume 
100 liters 
Material of Construction 
Linear Polyethylene 
Manufacturer 
Grundfos 
Calibration Column 
Location 
Scale Inhibitor Feed System 
Manufacturer 
ProMinent 
Capacity 
to 250 mL 
Number Provided 
Isolation Valve 
Location 
Chemical Pump Suction 
Manufacturer 
Asahl 
Type 
Ball 
Size 
Number Provided 
Chemical Makeup Water Supply 
Source 
RO Permeate 
Size 
Material 
Schedule 80 PVC 
Isolation 
Ball Valve 
CEN4=Isl= SEAIAIATER St.:STEN.; 1_1_0 
PACE -±2? CF as 
EFTA00807661
--- PAGE 13 ---
CARTRIDGE FILTRATION 
Five-micron polypropylene cartridge filters are provided to protect the high-pressure pump, energy recovery 
unit and the RO membrane in the event of an upset in the seawater supply. The RO unit is equipped with 
a single housing mounted on the unit and equipped with inlet, outlet and drain valves to permit cleaning 
during element replacement to avoid the introduction of suspended material into the high-pressure pump 
and energy recovery unit. The RO unit will be equipped with the following: 
Cartridge Filter Housing Inlet Isolation Valve 
Size 
2' 
Type 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number Provided 
Cartridge Filter 
Quantity on Line, each 
Manufacturer 
Eden Excel 
Number of Elements per Housing 
Cartridge Length, inches 
Material of Construction 
FRP 
Trim 
316 SSTL 
Cartridge Filter Housing Vent 
Size 
Type 
Ball Valve 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number Provided 
Cartridge Filter Housing Drain and Flush 
Size 
2' 
Type 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number Provided 
Cartridge Filter Housing Outlet 
Size 
2' 
Type 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Pressure Transmitter 
Location 
Cartridge Filter Effluent 
Manufacturer 
WIKA 
Range 
-100 psi 
CEMM= SE/WUXI-EP SYSTEM l_l_C 
PACE MO ClF 
EFTA00807662
--- PAGE 14 ---
Material of Construction 
316 SSTL Wetted 
Number Provided 
Pressure Indicator 
Cartridge Filter Inlet and Outlet 
Manufacturer 
WIKA 
Size 
4-1/2" 
Range 
to 100 psig 
Material of Construction 
316 SSTL Wetted and Phenolic Case 
Liquid Fill 
Glycerin 
Number Provided 
Switching Valve 
Swagelok SS-43XGS4 
Number Provided 
HIGH PRESSURE PUMP 
The reverse osmosis unit will use a high-pressure pump and energy recovery system to pressurize the 
pretreated feedwater to approximately 760 psi although the exact operating pressure of the membranes is 
dependent on feedwater temperature, salinity, and degree of membrane fouling. GSS proposes the 
following membrane feed pumping system for this project: 
Number Provided 
Manufacturer 
Danfoss 
Model 
APP8.2 
Pump Fluid End 
2205/2507 Super Duplex Stainless Steel 
Estimated Operating Speed 
1,000 rpms 
Driver 
Motor Rating, HP 
Motor Enclosure 
TEFC 
Rating 
Severe DutyNFD 
Motor Starter/Controller 
Number Provided 
Manufacturer 
Danfoss 
Model 
VLTe Aqua Drive 
NEMA Rating 
4X 
Motor Rating, HP 
Voltage 
208 VAC 
Phases 
Three 
Number provided 
CEM=Isl= SEAIAIATER SYSTEM I-1-C 
RACE 1 1-I CF 
EFTA00807663
--- PAGE 15 ---
ENERGY RECOVERY 
Operating in parallel with the high-pressure pump will be an energy recovery system consisting of a single 
ERI pressure exchanger unit and boost pump. This design results in the pressure exchanger operating at 
percent of its rated capacity at 40 percent recovery. The energy recovery system will consist of the 
following: 
Number Provided 
Manufacturer 
Energy Recovery Inc. 
Model 
PX-45S 
Materials of Construction 
Rotor 
Ceramic 
Shell  
FRP 
High-pressure connections 
AL6XN 
Low-pressure connections 
SCH 80 PVC 
Energy Recovery Boost Pump 
Number Provided 
Manufacturer 
ERI or equal 
Model 
HP-8503 
Pump Fluid End 
AL6XN Stainless Steel 
Motor Rating, HP 
Enclosure 
TEFC 
Rating 
Inverter Duty 
ER Pump VFD 
Number Provided 
Manufacturer 
Danfoss 
Model 
vur. Aqua Drive 
NEMA Rating 
4X 
Motor Rating, HP 
Voltage 
480 VAC 
Phases 
Three 
ER Discharge Back Pressure Regulating Valve 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
 1.5-inch 
Type 
Globe Valve 
Number Provided 
ER Discharge Check Valve 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
CEO -Zrtl= SEAMIATER SYSTEM I-1-C 
PACE "SS :::F E?El 
EFTA00807664
--- PAGE 16 ---
Size 
1.5-inch 
Type 
Swing Check Valve 
Number Provided 
RO MEMBRANE ARRAY 
The RO membrane skid designed to produce 25,000 GPD will consist of the following: 
Pressure Vessel 
Manufacturer 
Progressive Composite Technologies or equal 
Model 
PRO-8-1000-SP-3 
Total Number of Vessels provided: 
Membrane 
Manufacturer 
Tway 
Membrane Model 
TM820M-400 or equal 
Membrane Type 
Cross Linked Fully Aromatic Polyamide Composite Seawater 
Number of Elements per Vessel, each 
Total Number of Elements 
Average Membrane flux, gfd 
10.4 
Estimated Membrane Life, years 
Pressure Indicator 
Membrane Feed and Concentrate and ER Discharge 
Manufacturer 
WIKA 
Size 
4-1/2" 
Range 
to 1,500 psig 
Material of Construction 
316 SSTL Wetted and Phenolic Case 
Liquid Fill 
Glycerin 
Number Provided 
Switching Valve 
Swagelok SS-43ZF2 
Number Provided 
Sample Valves 
Manufacturer 
GF 
Size 
1/4" 
Type 
Ball Labcock Valve 
Features 
Full ported to permit membrane probing 
Total Number Provided 
Locations 
Individual Pressure Vessel, Incoming Feedwater, Overall Permeate and Concentrate 
MEM=Isl= SEAMIATER SVSTEM l_l_C 
PACE -±E• CF PEI 
EFTA00807665
--- PAGE 17 ---
Instrumentation 
Concentrate Low/Plant Discharge (TPDES Permit) Pressure Flow 
Manufacturer 
ABB or equal 
Type 
Magnetic 
Connections 
 1" 150-pound Flange Insert 
Range, GPM 
to 50 
Number Provided 
Instrumentation 
Plant Discharge (TPDES Permit) pH and Temperature 
Manufacturer 
Shark or equal 
Range, pH units 
to 13 
Range, temperature 
to 100 Deg C 
Number Provided 
Instrumentation 
Permeate Flow 
Manufacturer 
ABB or equal 
Type 
Magnetic 
Connections 
 1.5* 150-pound Flange Insert 
Range, GPM 
to 50 
Number Provided 
Instrumentation 
Conductivity 
Manufacturer 
Myron L or equal 
Range, mS/cm 
to 2.000 
Features 
Digital Display with Adjustable High Alarm Set point 
Number Provided 
Permeate Vacuum Release Valve 
Manufacturer 
IPEX 
Size 
3/4-inch 
Type 
Vacuum Release 
Number Provided 
Permeate Check Valve 
Manufacturer 
GF 
Size 
1.5-inch 
Type 
Y-Pattern Check Valve 
Number Provided 
Concentrate Check Valve 
Manufacturer 
GF 
CEO -S= 
SEAIAIATER SYSTEM 
I_I_C 
PACE "S7 CF 228 
EFTA00807666
--- PAGE 18 ---
Size 
1.5-inch 
Type 
Y-Pattern Check Valve 
Number Provided 
High Pressure Piping 
Material 
Zeron 100 Super Duplex Stainless Steel 
Connections 
Victaulic Type Clamps 
Material of Construction 
2507 Duplex Stainless Steel 
Pressure Rating 
1,200 psi 
Low Pressure Piping 
Material 
Schedule 80 PVC 
Connections 
Victaulic Type Clamps 
Fasteners 
316 Stainless Steel 
Structural Frames 
Structural Aluminum 
Finish — Metal Preparation 
Sand blasted 
Finish 
Powder Coated (Electrostatic Resin Baked to 400 Degrees F.) 
Piping Supports 
Fiberglass 
Conduits 
PVC or Fiberglass 
POST TREATMENT 
The membrane post treatment process will consist of an upflow calcite contactor and one chemical feed 
systems for the addition of sodium hypochlorite. 
Calcium Carbonate Contactor 
Diameter, inches 
Side Shell, inches 
Material of Construction 
FRP 
Empty Bed Contact Time, minutes 
6.8 
Number provided 
Calcium Carbonate Face Piping Valves 
Manufacturer 
Asahi or equal 
Feed Isolation Valve 
Size 
1.5's 
Type 
Ball 
By Pass Valve 
Size 
1.5" 
Type 
Ball 
CEMMM -  SEAMIATER SYSTEM 1-1-0 
PACE MS I...7:F PEI 
EFTA00807667
--- PAGE 19 ---
Discharge Isolation Valve 
Size 
1.5" 
Type 
Ball 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Chemical Feed System 
Chemical 
Sodium Hypochlonte 
Number provided 
Manufacturer 
Grundfos 
Head and Fittings 
 PVC 
Fluid End 
Acrylic 
Check Valves 
PVC 
Day Tank 
Volume 
100 liters 
Material of Construction 
Linear Polyethylene 
Manufacturer 
Grundfos 
Level Transmitter 
Location 
Finished Water Storage Tank 
Manufacturer 
WIKA or Equal 
Range 
0-20 feet 
Material of Construction 
316 SSTL Wetted 
Number Provided 
AUTOMATIC FLUSHING/CLEANING 
Scale and corrosion problems can occur when a SWRO unit is shut down while the concentrated brine 
remains in the system. To minimize this problem, the system incorporates an automatic flushing feature 
that consists of a zero-recovery flush during the shutdown with the addition of stored permeate from the 
cleaning system. This added injection of low salinity water further reduces the potential for corrosion within 
the high pressure and energy recovery booster pumps. 
For periodic cleaning of the membrane elements, the permeate storage tank and flush pump are used to 
recirculate cleaning solutions through the pressure vessels. Cleaning connections to the membrane system 
are made using removable piping spools and Victaulic type grooved connections. The flush/cleaning system 
will consist of the following: 
Permeate Flush Isolation Valve 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
 1.5-inch 
Type 
Y-Pattern Check Valve 
Number Provided 
CEM=Isl= SEAIAIATER SYSTEM 
I-1—C 
PACE 
—±g CF PEI 
EFTA00807668
--- PAGE 20 ---
Permeate Valve 
Zero Recovery Flush Valve 
Manufacturer 
GF or equal 
Size 
 1.5-inch 
Type 
Ball Valve 
Features 
Power to Open and Power to Close 
Number Provided per RO unit 
Cleaning Pump 
Number Provided 
Manufacturer 
Ampco or equal 
Model 
Ampco ZC2 2" x 1.5" 
Pump Fluid End 
316 Stainless Steel 
Motor Rating, HP 
Enclosure 
TEFC 
Cleaning/Flush Tank 
Volume 
200 gallons 
Material of Construction 
Polyethylene 
Suction Isolation 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
2-inch 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number Provided 
Tank Recycle 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
2-inch 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number Provided 
Discharge Isolation 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
2-inch 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number Provided 
Tank Drain 
Ball 
Manufacturer 
Asahi 
Size 
2-inch 
Material of Construction 
PVC 
Number Provided  
CEM=Isl= SEAIAIATER SYSTEM 
I-1—C 
PACE PE: CF PEI 
EFTA00807669
--- PAGE 21 ---
CONTAINER 
The equipment will be provided in a modified 20-foot shipping container. A new ISO shipping container will 
be customized by Gulfstream Container of Miami. The container will be equipped with he following: 
1. One each, man door 
2. 2-inch interlocking insulated refrigeration panels 
3. Pipe sleeve cutouts with stainless steel plates 
4. Mini split unit air conditioning system 
5. 5 KVA transformer with breaker panel for single phase power 
6. Exterior painted white (or other desired color) 
SYSTEM CONTROLS 
The plant controls will be designed for complete automation or manual operation. All plant functions would 
be monitored and controlled by a programmable logic controller. All operating data and plant status would 
be displayed on a human machine interface (HMI) touch screen mounted on the control panel. In the event 
of a parameter excursion, the panel would display the alarm and would initiate contact with the plant 
supervisor via the intemet. Contact would include as email, cell phone and text messaging using the intemet 
connection. The touch screen would log the alarm event for future inspection. The control system features 
are summarized in Table 3. 
ELECTRICAL SYSTEM 
All three phase power components will be provided and installed in either the main power distribution panel 
or as variable frequency drives (VFD) mounted in NEMA 4 enclosures to permit mounting on the wall next 
to the power distribution panel. All three-phase equipment will be furnished to operate on a 480-volt, three 
phase power supply. The following table provides an overview of the three-phase electrical loads. 
Unit Type 
Load or Rating 
Main Circuit Breaker 
Power Monitor 
VFD5 (Intake Pump) 
VFD (ER Boost Pump) 
VFD Starter (High Pressure Pump) 
FV6 Starter (Cleaning Pump) 
Feeder Breaker (1.0 kVA Transformer) 
Variable frequency drive 
Full voltage (across the line) 
HP motor 
HP motor 
HP motor 
HP motor 
amp, 2 pole 
OEMita SEAWATER SYSTEM I-I-C 
RACE 27- OF RS 
EFTA00807670
--- PAGE 22 ---
Table 3 
Control System Features 
Feature 
Shutdown 
Display 
Condition 
Comment 
Under voltage and loss of phase monitor 
Yes 
Yes 
Auto reset capability 
Seawater supply pump failure to start 
Yes 
VFD fault 
Media filter influent pressure 
No 
Yes 
(Optional Equipment) 
Media filter differential pressure 
Yes 
Yes 
(Optional Equipment) 
Cartridge filter differential pressure 
Yes 
Yes 
Membrane feed pump suction pressure 
Yes 
Yes 
Adjustable start up override 
Membrane feed pressure 
Yes 
Yes 
Membrane feed pump failure to start 
Yes 
VFD fault 
ER Boost Pump failure to start 
Yes 
Yes 
PX balancing and TPDES Permit 
Compliance 
Plant discharge flow 
Yes 
Yes 
Membrane permeate flow 
Yes 
Yes 
Membrane differential pressure 
Yes 
Yes 
High membrane permeate conductivity 
Yes 
Yes 
Adjustable time delay on fault to 
permit rinse up 
Post treatment interlock 
Controls chemical addition. 
Pretreatment interlock 
Controls chemical addition 
Plant discharge pH and temperature 
No 
No 
TPDES Permit Compliance 
Potable water tank level 
Yes 
Yes 
Direct readout of finished water level 
and adjustable set points to operate 
RO system in automatic mode 
Cleaning/Flush tank low level 
Yes 
Yes 
Cleaning/Flush Pump failure to start 
Yes 
Yes 
Alarm conditions 
GEMINI SEAWATER SYSTEM ISO 
PACE M! OF US 
EFTA00807671
--- PAGE 23 ---
COMMERCIAL TERMS 
PRICES 
Prices for various equipment and services detailed in this proposal by contract are as follows: 
Description 
Price (US$) 
Provide the following services and furnish and install the proposed desalination 
system consisting of the following: 
Purchasing. Fabrication and Crating of the equipment consisting of the following: 
 
Seawater supply pumping system and related controls and instrumentation 
$20,090 
 
Pretreatment: media filtration. cartridge filtration and scale inhibitor feed system 
$23,080 
 
25,000 GPO seawater RO unit axial piston membrane feed pump and isobaric 
$127,860 
energy recovery system, post operational flush/cleaning system and electrical and 
control system designed for 208 VAC power 
 
Membrane post treatment calcite bed and chlorination, finished water level 
$8,690 
monitoring and TPDES permit instrumentation 
 
Containerization 
$29,000 
 
Project management, start-up chemicals and other consumables, installation tools. 
$5,090 
plant design, and equipment installation 
TOTAL PRICE 
$213,810 
The above prices are FOB Gainesville, Florida and valid for thirty (30) days from the date of this proposal. 
PAYMENT TERMS 
The following payment schedule is proposed for this project: 
Milestone 
Payment 
Acceptance of proposal 
Equipment ready for shipment 
Completion of equipment installation and commissioning 
Total Base Amount 
SCHEDULE 
$106,905 
$85,524 
$21,381 
$213,810 
The equipment will be ready for shipment in approximately 16 to 18 weeks after notice the proceed and 
payment received. Installation of the equipment can be accomplished in one week. This schedule assumes 
normal lead time for the proposed equipment. We will make every effort to shorten the schedule if possible. 
GEMINI SEAWATER SYSTEM I-I-C 
RACE 00 OF OS 
EFTA00807672
--- PAGE 24 ---
SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE SAINT JAMES GROUP 
During the construction phase of the project, The Saint James Group will provide the following at no 
charge to GSS: 
1. All permitting required for the construction and operation of the facility; 
2. Piping and conduit, trenching and restoration for all buried interconnecting pipelines and electrical 
conduits; 
3. If necessary to support the larger plant, any modifications to the feedwater intake per agreed 
specifications; 
4. If necessary to support the larger plant, any modifications to the plant outfall per agreed specifications; 
5. Shipment from Gainesville, Florida to project site; 
6. All costs and labor associated with clearance of the equipment into the USVI; 
7. All consumables for the operation of the plant. GSS will provide sufficient consumables for the first 
month of operation; 
8. Final design, supply and construction of the container mounting platform; 
9. Full access to the project site. Working hours will be coordinated with staff; 
10. Equipment staging area within 100 feet of the plant site; 
11. Electrical power to the container power panel; and 
12. Equipment for offloading of the system at the project site. 
OEMENZ SEAWATER SYSTEM ISO 
RACE RLI OF RS 
EFTA00807673
--- PAGE 25 ---
ACCEPTANCE OF PROPOSAL 
This proposal when signed by both parties below, shall be considered as a Contract between the parties, 
and shall be binding upon the parties and their respective successors and assigns may be amended or 
modified only by further writings signed by both parties. 
This contract sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, related to the subject meter 
hereof. 
The total price of the proposed system is $ 
and the following items (from the Pricing page) are not 
included in the Contract and have been deleted and initiated by Owner. 
IN WITNESS WHEREAS, the parties have executed this Contract the date and year first written below. 
ACCEPTED BY: 
(OWNER) 
GEMINI SEAWATER SYSTEMS (SUPPLIER) 
8916 SW 441b Lane 
Gainesville, FL 32608 
Representative: 
Representative: Dean Bedford 
Email: 
Email: 
Authorized Signature 
Authorized Signature 
Printed name Above 
Printed Name Above 
GEMINI SEAWATER SYSTEM ISO 
RACE PS OF Ent 
EFTA00807674
--- PAGE 26 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
This proposal by Gemini Seawater Systems ("GSS') to The Saint James Group 
 (Purchaser) 
(collectively, "the Parties') includes the following Terms and Conditions. Upon acceptance of the proposal by 
Purchaser, the proposal will function as the agreement between the Parties ("the Agreement"). 
I. Definitions: 
a. 'Equipment" means all equipment specified in this proposal. 
b. 'Services" means all engineering, design, procurement, project management, fabrication, installation and 
commissioning included in this proposal that is required to supply the system specified in the proposal. 
'Site" means the property of the The Saint James Group, Great St. James Island, USVI, the area immediately 
surrounding such property, and any other locations in USVI where work is performed in connection with the 
Agreement. 
2. Term of Proposal: This proposal will automatically expire 30 days from the date identified on the cover page unless 
the proposal is accepted by Purchaser or the Parties otherwise expressly agree in writing. GSS reserves the right to 
modify or withdraw this proposal at any time and for any reason, prior to acceptance by Purchaser. 
3. Quotations of Prices: All prices quoted by GSS are F.O.B. point of origin unless otherwise indicated. If GSS is 
requested or required to perform any additional services beyond those set forth in this proposal, Purchaser agrees to 
pay GSS's then-standard rate for those additional services, as well as any incidental and related expenses incurred by 
GSS. 
4. Warranties by GSS: For the period ending twelve months after Equipment start-up or eighteen months after shipment, 
whichever occurs earlier, GSS warrants that Equipment manufactured, sold, or otherwise provided by GSS will conform 
in all material respects to any descriptions, plans or specifications included in the Agreement, and will be free of defects 
in material and workmanship. GSS warrants that any Services will be performed in a good and workmanlike manner. 
THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND GSS 
MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OTHER THAN 
AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. 
a. Conditions on Warranties: Any performance warranties stated elsewhere in the Agreement shall apply only if 
Equipment is operated in accordance with GSS's instructions when operated on water or other liquid having 
characteristics specified in the Agreement. Components and materials of the type that need replacement periodically 
due to normal wear and tear, such as membranes, frames, gaskets, filter cartridges, pump seals and fuses, are 
warranted against defects only as of the shipment date, unless expressly stated otherwise. Warranties do not apply to 
damage or wear resulting from accidents, negligence, abuse, or misuse by Purchaser or third parties: from failure to 
follow GSS's instructions for installation, operation or maintenance; or from alterations or repairs not performed in 
accordance with GSS's instructions. 
b. Inspection Required for Warranty: If Purchaser wishes to make a warranty claim, Purchaser shall return to GSS any 
item for which the warranty claim is to be made. 
c. 
Assignment of Warranties: GSS shall assign to Purchaser any manufacturer's warranties of Equipment or materials 
purchased from others, to the extent they are assignable, and Purchaser's sole recourse shall be against the 
manufacturer. 
d. Claims on Warranties: Purchaser shall promptly notify GSS of any warranty claim, and Purchaser's sole remedy shall 
be the repair or replacement (at GSS's election) of defective Equipment or the correction of deficient Services. 
5. Method of Payment: GSS shall present any fees incurred and charges owed by Purchaser by commercial invoice 
against Purchasers letter of credit. Purchaser shall make all payments to GSS in full in lawful, free, and unblocked 
currency of the United States of America ("U.SA.") at the time GSS delivers Equipment to Purchaser, unless GSS and 
Purchaser mutually agree otherwise in writing. GSS reserves the right to review Purchaser's credit prior to shipping 
Equipment, and GSS's obligation to ship Equipment shall be subject to GSS's approval of Purchaser's credit. GSS 
may require Purchaser to make full or partial payment in advance. In the event that GSS requires advance payment, 
pro rata payments shall become due at the time the Equipment is shipped, unless the parties mutually agree otherwise 
in writing. If Purchaser is located outside the U.S.A. or its territories, Purchaser shall deliver an irrevocable letter of 
credit in GSS's favor confirmed by a first class U.S.A. bank upon acceptance of Purchaser's order. 
a. Delay of Payment: If payment is not made in full within thirty (30) days after invoice, any unpaid amount shall bear 
interest at the rate of 1.5 percent per month or the maximum lawful rate, if lower than 1.5 percent. Purchaser shall 
reimburse cost, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by the GSS to collect overdue amounts. 
b. Dispute of Invoice: If Purchaser disputes any portion of an invoice, Purchaser shall notify GSS, specifically identify 
the disputed portions in writing, and pay the undisputed portion within 30 days of receiving the invoice. 
6. Limitation of Liability: The collective liability of GSS, its subcontractors, and its employees, officers, directors, and 
agents in connection with the Agreement and all Equipment and Services provided thereunder shall be limited to the 
amount actually paid by Purchaser to GSS for such Equipment and Services. GSS shall not be liable for any special, 
indirect, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, including lost profits or loss of use. 
CEMTh= SEAIAIATER SYSTEM I_I_C 
PACE E?Ei 'CP F?£t 
EFTA00807675
--- PAGE 27 ---
7. Indemnification of Purchaser: GSS shall indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser, its directors, agents, and 
employees against all claims and damages, including reasonable attorney's fees, that proximately result from acts or 
omissions of GSS, its directors, agents, employees, or subcontractors, in connection with any bodily injury, sickness, 
disease, or death or damage to properly resulting from work performed in connection with this Agreement. 
8. Indemnification of GSS: Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless GSS, its directors, agents, employees, and 
subcontractors against all claims and damages, including reasonable attorney's fees, that proximately result from acts 
or omissions of Purchaser, its directors, agents, employees, or contractors other than GSS, in connection with any 
bodily injury, sickness, disease, or death or damage to properly that may occur at the Site, in connection with work 
performed under this Agreement, or in connection with Purchaser's obligations under this Agreement. 
9. Right of Inspection: GSS shall provide Purchaser or its designated representative a reasonable opportunity to inspect 
any Equipment prior to delivering the Equipment to a carrier for shipment. If Purchaser elects to inspect any Equipment, 
Purchaser shall bear all costs associated with the inspection. If Purchaser fails to promptly inspect the Equipment, 
Purchaser will be deemed to have waived its right of inspection. 
10. Payment of Taxes and Fees, Duties, and Fees: Purchaser shall pay all taxes, duties, and fees imposed on GSS, 
GSS's subcontractors and agents, and Purchaser for the production, sale, shipment, or use of Equipment or the 
provision of any Services in connection with the Agreement. 
II. Shipment of Equipment: Purchaser shall provide GSS with complete shipping instructions at least 21 days before 
the estimated delivery date and shall arrange for receiving, unpacking, and installing the Equipment to be shipped. The 
term "estimated delivery date" refers to the date of shipment, which is estimated based on conditions prevailing at the 
time of quotation. Unless GSS expressly agrees otherwise, GSS does not guarantee the estimated delivery date. Any 
products offered by GSS from stock are subject to prior sale. Unless otherwise agreed, Purchaser will pay all shipping 
costs, fees, and insurance. 
12. Assignment of Title and Risk of Loss: GSS shall maintain title and bear the risk of loss until the Equipment is 
delivered to the carrier for shipment. Upon delivery of Equipment to the carrier for shipment, title and risk of loss shall 
pass to Purchaser upon delivery of Equipment to the carrier for shipment. Notwithstanding the transfer of title and risk 
of loss, Purchaser grants and GSS maintains a security interest in all Equipment until GSS has received full payment. 
If Purchaser delays a shipment for any reason, payment shall become due on the date GSS is prepared to make 
shipment, and Purchaser shall bear the risk of loss and pay all expenses and fees associated with transporting and 
storing the Equipment during the time that shipment is delayed. 
13. Exportation of Equipment: If Equipment is to be exported to any location outside the U.S.A., GSS's acceptance is 
subject to GSS's ability to reasonably obtain, without unduly burdensome efforts, any applicable and necessary export 
licenses or permits. 
14. Compliance with U.S. Export Regulations: Purchaser will not, directly or through an intermediary, export any 
Equipment (including related technology and information) to any country that is subject to embargo or similar restriction 
under U.S. Export Regulations, or transfer it to a national of any such country or to any other person or company 
restricted from receiving it, or put it to a prohibited end use, or transfer it with knowledge or reason to believe that it is 
intended for a prohibited destination, recipient or use. 
15. Force majeure: GSS shall not be responsible for any delays, damages, or failures to perform due to circumstances 
beyond its reasonable control, including those caused by Purchaser. Purchaser shall extend the time for performance 
by GSS by a period commensurate with the amount of delay caused by such circumstances. 
16. Ownership of Documents: All plans, drawings, specifications and other documents furnished by GSS in connection 
with Equipment shall remain the property of GSS, and Purchaser warrants that no use will be made of such documents 
except to facilitate Purchaser's installation, operation and maintenance of Equipment. Such documents shall be 
provided to Purchaser's employees only on a need-to-know basis and shall not be provided to third parties without 
GSS's written consent. 
17. Retention of Intellectual Property Rights: Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, GSS retains all right, title, 
and interest to any intellectual property contained in this proposal, including but not limited to any plans, drawings, 
specifications, data sheets, or other materials subject to copyright; trade secrets; patented subject matter; and 
confidential business information. 
IS. Reliance on Information: GSS will be deemed to have reasonably relied on any representations made or information 
provided by Purchaser as to the intended use of any Equipment and the characteristics of any liquids to be treated by 
such Equipment, regardless of whether such representations are made or such information is provided prior to, on, or 
after the date of the Agreement. 
19. Payment for Cancelled Orders: If Purchaser cancels an order, Purchaser shall deliver a payment to GSS. The 
payment shall include a pro rata payment to GSS for all work completed prior to and on the date of cancellation, 
inventory obtained for the cancelled order, work in progress related to the order, allowances for overhead and profit, 
and reasonable costs of winding up the work, terminating subcontractors, and dosing out the project. 
20. Return of Equipment: Purchaser may not return any Equipment to GSS without GSS's prior written authorization. 
21. Termination and Suspension of Agreement: If Purchaser is in breach of the Agreement or if Purchaser is overdue 
on any payment owed to GSS under this Agreement or any other agreement between GSS and Purchaser, GSS is 
entitled to terminate the Agreement or to suspend any shipment. 
CEMTh= SEAIAIATER SYSTEM I_I_C 
PACE 
EFTA00807676
--- PAGE 28 ---
22. Prohibition against Assignment: This proposal has been prepared specifically for Purchaser, and the Agreement, its 
proposals and provisions, and any rights and obligations contained therein may not be sold, assigned. or transferred 
without the express written consent of GSS. 
23. Choice of Law and Venue: The Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of Florida, U.S.A. 
24. Language of Contract: If the Agreement is prepared or presented in any language other than English, the English 
language version of the Agreement shall govern its interpretation. 
25. Entirety of Agreement: Upon acceptance of proposal by Purchaser. GSS's written proposal and these Terms and 
Conditions constitute the entire Agreement between the Parties. The Agreement may be modified or amended only by 
a writing signed by an authorized representative of the party against which enforcement is being sought. These Terms 
and Conditions shall prevail over any inconsistent terms and conditions included in Purchasers order, unless GSS 
expressly agrees to such terms and conditions in a signed writing. 
OEMENZ SEAWATER SYSTEM ISO 
PACE I!S OF OE-I 
EFTA00807677

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807678.pdf
----------------------------------------
AIR 
License #026901 
Your Refrigerated Air Experts 
827 Edith NE 
Albuquerque, 
New Mexico 87102 
Tel (505) 224-2806 
Fax (506) 224-2809 
www.alrprolneorporated.com 
Page No. 1 of 2 Page(s) 
PROPOSAL 
TO: 
)NE: 
14 18 
JOB SAME:WCATION: 
%ono Ranch 
Stanley. NM 
JOB NUMBER: 
I JOB PHONE: 
Air Pro Inc. will provide materials and labor for the following work: 
LODGE 
• 
Remove and dispose of the existing 2.5 ton A/C split system (furnace, coil, condenser) 
• 
Furnish and install one new 2.5 ton A/C split system with a new Coleman 80% AFUE/single stage furnace with 
a factory evaporator coil and a Carrier 2.5 ton/14 SEER A/C condenser, furnace model #DGAA090BDTD, 
condenser model #24AAA530A003 
• 
Set the new condenser in the same location as the existing condenser 
• 
Tie into the existing electrical supply at the condenser with all new connections, including a new electrical 
whip from the existing disconnect switch to the condenser 
• 
Tie into and utilize the existing '4" refrigeration line-set 
• 
Tie into the existing gas line with all new connections, including a new gas flex and the addition of a sediment 
trap as required by code 
• 
Tie into the existing electrical supply for the furnace with all new connections, including hardwiring the 
furnace to a switch as required by code 
• 
Eliminate the "add-a-wire" accessory and run all new low voltage wiring from the furnace to the condenser 
and the thermostat 
• 
Utilize the existing Nest thermostat 
• 
Install all new concentric flue vent piping for the furnace from the furnace through the roof 
• 
Use approved vent sealant for the vent installation 
• 
Factory supplied natural gas to propane kit to be installed during installation of the furnace 
• 
Tie into the existing condensate line with all new connections at the evaporator coil 
• 
Complete system check and start-up, including derating the furnace for altitude and setting R410A refrigerant 
levels to the manufacturers specifications 
• 
Permit fees and inspections 
Sub Total 
$8,127.72 
Tax 
$640.06 
Total 
$8,767.78 
CASITA 
• 
Remove and dispose of the existing 1.5 ton Carrier R22 heat pump split system (fan coil and condenser) with 
electric heat strips 
• 
Furnish and install one new Carrier 1.5 ton/14 SEER heat pump split system in the crawl space, fan coil model 
#FB4CNP018L00, condenser model #25HCE418A003 
• 
Furnish and install new Carrier factory 8KW electric heat strips approved for this model of fan coil 
• 
Set the new fan coil in approximately the same location as the existing fan coil 
EFTA00807678
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
Fabricate and install new sheet metal supply air and return air transitions as needed to tie into the existing 
supply and return air plenums 
• 
lie into the existing electrical supply for the fan coil and heat strips with all new connections 
• 
Set the condenser in the same location as the existing condenser 
• 
lie into the existing electrical supply for the condenser with all new connections, including new electrical 
whips from the existing disconnect switch to the condenser 
• 
Run a new 5/8"x3/8" refrigeration line-set from the condenser to the fan coil on the same path as the existing 
line-set (the existing system uses R22 refrigerant-this refrigerant is soon to be obsolete and therefore, the 
new system will use 410A refrigerant-these refrigerants are not compatible with each other and therefore, a 
new line-set will be ran) 
• 
Run all new low voltage control wiring between the thermostat, fan coil and condenser due to existing 
problems 
• 
Install a new condensate pump near the fan coil and run the discharge line along with the line-set, remove 
and dispose of the old/existing PVC condensate line 
• 
Utilize the existing thermostat 
• 
Repair the existing 6" supply air duct that currently has a broken adjustable 90° elbow 
• 
Complete system check and start-up, including setting R410A refrigerant levels to the manufacturers 
specifications 
• 
Permit fees and inspections 
Sub Total 
$7,368.86 
Tax 
$580.30 
Total 
$7,949.16 
Notes: 
*Some supply air ducts will need to be temporarily disconnected in order to remove the old and set the new fan coil 
•These ducts will be reconnected, resealed and reinsulated after the fan coil is in place 
We propose hereby to furnish material and labor-complete in accordance with the above specifications. for the sum 
Dollars 
Payment to be made as follows: 
MATERIALS AND EQUIPMENT REMAIN PROPERTY OF AIR PRO, INC. UNTIL PAID FOR IN FULL. 
All material is guaranteed to be as specified. All work to be completed in a professional manner according to standard practices. Any alteration or 
deviation from above specifications involving extra costs will be executed only upon written orders and will become an extra charge over and above the 
estimate. All agreements contingent upon strikes, accidents, or delays beyond our control. Owner to carry lire, tornado, and other necessary insurances. 
Our workers are fully covered by Worker's Compensation insurance. 
Authorized Signature: 
Note: This proposal may be withdrawn by us if not accepted within 
days. 
Acceptance of Proposal —The above prices, specifications, and 
conditions are satisfactory and are hereby accepted. You are authorized to 
Signature: 
do the work as specified. Payment will be made as outlined above. 
Date of Acceptance: 
Signature: 
EFTA00807679
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00807680

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807681.pdf
----------------------------------------
1kMPAC 
116 ADVANCED WATER u  sA
TREATMENT SOLUTIONS 
Proposal 
Ampac Seawater Desalination 
Model SW60K-LX (73,800 GPD / 11.6m3/hr.) 
Ampac USA 
5255-5265 State St. Montclair CA 91763 USA 
nternational 
acsimile 
Website 
e-mail 
EFTA00807681
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
System Design Basis• 
Main System Components: 
Main System instrumentations: 
Functional Specification 
System Safety. 
System Specifications• 
Design Basis: 
Standard Features 
Components Make & Materials of Construction: 
Base Price for SW60K-LX 480V/60Hz/3 Phase 
Specifications for Ampac USA 
Sea Water Desalination Reverse Osmosis System 
Feed Supply Pump: (Optional) 
Pre-Chlorination System: (Optional) 
Anti•Scalant Dosing System: 
Multimedia KDF-GAC-Poly Phosphate Quartz Pre•Filter• 
Sediment Cartridge Filter Housing S micron• 
Full Duplex Optional Multi•Stage RO High Pressure Pump (Optional) 
Optional Hydraulic Pressure Booster (HPB) (Optional) 
Membranes Elements• 
Pressure Vessel • 
Auto•Flush Proces • 
CIP (Clean in Place System): (Optional) 
Instrumentations 
PLC: S200 Series Microprocessor Controller• 
PLC: S1040 Series Microprocessor Controller (Optional) 
Pressure Gauges: 
Pressure Valves• 
Electrical 
RO system Operating Requirements 
RIO Plant Container: (Optional) 
Additional Specifications:  
Monitoring• 
Service• 
Maintenance Schedule• 
Terms• 
Suggested Spare Parts List. 
Warranties: 
Flowchart design 
A MPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807682
--- PAGE 3 ---
06AMPAC 
6 ADVANCED WATER 
TREATMENT SOLUTIONS ILL 
5255.5265 State St., Montclair CA 91763 USA 
(909) 548-4900 International 
(909) 548-4901 Facsimile 
Website 
e-mail 
"%writ 
Live Lae,/ 
■ 
Proposal 
Ampac Twin Redundant Reverse Osmosis Systems for Sea Water 
Desalination Watermaker I 60,000 GPD (227 m'/Day) 
Date: 
June 301h, 2017 
Proposal No. 247403 
Contact Name: 
Organization: 
Address: 
Tel: 
Email: 
Dear Mr. Kahn, 
Thank you for this opportunity to quote you on your Water Purification Requirement. We take pride in our attention 
to detail with our customers Requirement. Best Design, material and workmanship shall be applied and specified 
according to the world wide recognized marine practices to ensure reliability, durability and easy maintenance 
and to comply with Marine Industry and Ship Requirements. 
Mr. Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Ave, FL4 
NY, 10022 
(212) 971-1306 
BBB 
t!",1' 
ENVIRONAICTAL 
SOLUTIONS 
RELIABILITY 
a
l
%
W
a
t
e
r
b
,
s
Quality,
live safer: 
Member
System production is based on the following conditions: 
1) Air Temp (Weather): 
From 40°C to -30t 
If Applicable Ship Motion: 
1) Permanent Trim up to: ±5* 
2) Sea water Temp: 
From 30°C to -2°C 
2) Permanent List up to: ±15" 
3) Machine Room: 
From 50°C to 0°C 
3) Pitching up to: 
±10" 
4) Relativity Humidity: 
From 95% to 0 
4) Rolling up to: 
±45" 
5) Maximum Salinity: 
6) pH Range: 
45,000ppm NaCI feed water, 
3.0.11.0pH Range. 
System Dimensions: 168" W x 76" D x 148"H 
Make of System: Fully automated Turnkey Sea Water Desalination System including pre-treatment Modules and 
Reverse Osmosis System fully built on a Powder Coated welded Aluminum Skid with Diamond Plate Base using good 
industrial practice and following manufacturer's guidelines for every component. 
Exclusions: Prices do not include shipping, insurance, sales tax, import taxes and duties, installation, and options 
listed below unless otherwise indicated. 
Delivery Manufacturina Schedule: System shall be completed within 10-12 Weeks form the date of your initial 
Purchase Order. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807683
--- PAGE 4 ---
The proposed system includes the following features: 
System Design Basis: 
Main System Components: 
• 
Double Coated Epoxy Welded Aluminum frame with Aluminum Diamond Plate and will conform to AISC 
Manual of Construction. 
• 
Auto Flush Spin Down Screen Pre-Filter 
• 
Inlet On-Demand Multi-Stage 316L Stainless Steel Feed Pressure Pump 
• 
28Ft3 Multimedia Anthracite Pre-Filter w/backwash valve, Bypass 
• 
4"x30" Sediment Pre-Filter 5µm 
• 
Belt Driven High Pressure Plunger Pump with Motor, Pressure Relief Valve and Accumulator 
• 
Horizontal Multi Stage Feed Supply Pump with Safeguards 
• 
8" x 40" FRP Pressure Vessels 
• 
TFC 8" x 40" Membrane Element 
• 
pH Adjust Calcite Post-Filter 
• 
Ultra Violet Disinfection Sterilizer 
Main System Instrumentations: 
• 
Complete Panel for Easy Controls 
• 
Eight Count Stainless steel liquid-filled pressure gauges 
• 
Sea Water Inlet Mechanical Motorized Actuator Valve 
• 
Pressure Sensors for Raw, Brine and Permeate Waters w/Cut Off Pressure Switches 
• 
Pressure Sensors to Halt Operations and Stop Pumps in case of High Module-Inlet Pressure 
• 
High Pressure Relief Valve to reduce Pressure at the High Pressure Pump 
• 
Stainless Steel System Pressure Control 
• 
Stainless Steel Recycle Pressure Valve 
• 
On/Off Main Power Switch 
• 
Automatic Operating Programmable logic controller UL/CE Approved with: 
• 
10A" Touchscreen Color Display 
• 
Smart Relay 
• 
Delayed start-up of high-pressure pump 
• 
Inlet Solenoid Valve Control 
• 
Low & High Feed Pressure Switches 
• 
Supply & Delivery Pumps Controls 
• 
R/P Storage Tank Full Pump on/off 
• 
Auto Flush Cycle 
• 
Pre-Treat Lockout 
• 
TDS Water quality Monitor for Permeate Water Quality 
• 
Temperature Monitor with LCDE Display 
• 
Hour Meter 
• 
Chlorine Dosing Feed System 
• 
Anti-Scalant Dosing Feed System 
• 
Clean in Place (CIP) Fully Automated system toptiono 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807684
--- PAGE 5 ---
Functional Specification 
Complete functional specification shall be provided which describes: 
1) Operation of unit 
2) Control loops 
3) Interlocks 
4) Alarms 
5) Startup/Shutdown sequences 
6) Security 
System Safety: 
The equipment and system shall be designed considering minimizing hazard. Countermeasures 
against the system hazard are as follows: 
Electrical Safety Devices: 
a 
System will be equipped with a 3 Pole Sensor Breaker 
Instrumentations will be equipped with a Single Phase Breaker and 2 Fuses 
Alarm Horn - Alarm Conditions: Low feed pressure & High permeate conductivity 
Unit Shutdowns include: 
o 
Low feed pressure 
o 
Pretreatment filters in backwash 
o 
Product storage tank full 
o 
High permeate conductivity 
Water Safety device: 
a Low Pressure Sensor 
a High Pressure Diverter Valve 
Monitoring and control devices for system safety: 
• 
LCD Display Screen showing Conductivity, Hour Meter and Temperature 
• 
On-Off Push Buttons 
• 
Panel Mount Liquid Filled Stainless Steel Pressure Gauges 
• 
Panel Mount Flow Meters 
• 
Pressure Control Valves 
Ampac USA Seawater Desalination Watermakers comes fully assembled, tested and include a 
complete performance test (Factory Acceptance Test) using to validate required performance. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807685
--- PAGE 6 ---
System Specifications: 
Quantity 
Maximum Production Capacity 
Minimum % Recovery 
Average % Salt Rejection 
Average Design Temperature 
Maximum Temperature 
Membrane Type 
Pressure Vessels 
Min. Feed Flow 
Max Product Flow 
Incoming Feed TDS 
Incoming Feed Incoming Water Pressure 
Incoming Feed Water Chlorine 
Incoming Feed Water Turbidity 
Incoming Feed Water SDI 
Capacity (Design) Basis 
The proposal system includes the  following features: 
One 
60,000 GPD / 9.5m3/hr. 
35%^' 40% 
98% 
25°C 
45°C 
TFC (Filmtec) 
FRP (Code Line or Pro:cc) 
146 GPM (554 LPM) 
41.6 GPM (157 LPM) 
45,000 PPM (45 PPT) 
Through Optional Submersible Pumps 
PPM 
< 1 NTU 
<3 Maximum 
Hrs/Day Operation 
Standard Features 
High-Pressure Belt Driven Piston Pump with Safeguards 
Complete Panel for Easy Controls 
Sediment Pre-Filtration Systems rated @ 140 GPM Each 
Liquid-filled pressure gauges for Pre, Post-Filters & Pumps Pressure 
Low-and high—pressure switches 
Powder-coated, Welded Aluminum Frame w/Aluminum Diamond Base 
Fiber glass High Pressure Vessels 
Filmtec Brackish Water TFC Membrane Elements BW30-400FR 
Fedco USA 
Ampac USA 
Hydrosafe USA 
Swagelok USA 
Square D USA 
Ampac USA 
Codeline USA 
Dow Chemical USA 1=1 
Components Make & Materials of Construction: 
Description 
Name Brand 
Material of Construction 
Origin 
Skid 
Ampac USA 
Aluminum %" Gauge with Diamond Plate Welded 
USA 
Paint 
Ampac USA 
Powder Coating 
USA 
Screen Filters 
Rusco 
Poly Carbonate with Stainless Steel Screens 
USA 
Non Corrosive 100% Composite Fiberglass Construction 
Poly Ethylene 
a 
USA 
USA • 
Pre-Treatment Vessels 
Auto Backwash Valves 
Pentair/Structural 
pack USA 
Chemical Treatment Tanks 
Simona America, Inc. 
Polypropylene W' Thickness 
USA 
Chemical Pumps & Mixers 
LMI or Blue White 
Polypropylene 
USA U 
Sediment Pre-Filters 
Watts 
Glass Reinforced Polypropylene 
USA 
Reverse Osmosis Pumps 
Hypro 
316L Stainless Steel 
USA 
Membrane Vessels 
Bekaert Progressive 
FRP with Stainless Steel 316L End Ports 
USA 
Membrane Elements 
Dow Chemical 
Filmtec Thin Film Composite (TFC) consisting of 3 layers, 
polyester support web, a micro porous polysulfone interlayer, 
and an ultra-thin polyamide barrier layer on the top surface. 
US
. / 
Programmable Logic Controller 
RD Specialty Ltd 
NEMA4X Enclosure with UL/CUL Processor 
USA 
Instrumentation 
Blue White 
FRP & 316L Stainless Steel 
USA 
Piping Low Pressure 
Spears 
316L Stainless Steel 
USA 
Piping High Pressure 
Swagelok 
316L Stainless Steel 
USA 
Media Make & Materials of Construction: 
Clear Water, Corp. 
KDF Fluid Treatment, Inc. 
Pacific Standard, Specialties, Inc. 
American Carbon, Corp. 
Silica Sand Density is 2.66. SiO2>98%. and Mobs scale is 7 degree 
high-pointy copper-zinc formulations 
Soluble Food Grade Polyphosphate Crystals 
Premium Coconut Shell Acid Washed Activated Carbon 
USA 
USA 
USA 
USA 
A MPA C USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 6 
EFTA00807686
--- PAGE 7 ---
Options: (Not included in the above price unless otherwise indicated) All options quoted upon request. 
Qty. 
Description 
Unit Price 
Extended Price 
Base Price for SW60K-UI 440V/60Hz/3 Phase 
$ 214,750.00 
$ 
214,750.00 
Qty. 
Instrumentations — Included 
Unit Price 
Extended Price 
Automatic Operating Programmable logic controller with : 
• 
Delayed start-up of high-pressure pump 
• 
Inlet Solenoid Valve 
• 
Low & High Feed Pressure Switches 
• 
Supply & Delivery Pumps on/off 
• 
R/P Storage Tank Full Pump on/off 
• 
Auto Flush Cycle 
• 
Pre-Treat Lockout 
• 
Hour Meter 
• 
TDS/Conductivity Meter 
Included 
Included 
Differential Pressure Gauges (Count 6) 
184.50 
included 
Electric Signal Waterproof Float switch for R/0 Pump Shutoff 
245.00 
Included 
Pressure Relief Valve for Security If Pressure Valve closed 
975.00 
Included 
Auto Flush Package to flush system with fresh water after tank full 
945.00 
Included 
High Pressure Pump Motor Variable Frequency Drive 
650.00 
Included 
Pre-Treatment Equipment - Included 
Unit Price 
Extended Price 
Auto Flush Spin Down Screen Pre-Filter 
875.00 
Included 
Anti-Scalant Chemical Injection Mixer, Pulsation Pump & S gal. 
1,875.00 
Included 
Chlorine Chemical Injection Mixer & Pulsation Pump 
245.00 
Included 
24Ft3 Multimedia Anthracite Pre-Filter w/backwash valve, Bypass 
x 8,750.00 
Included 
pH Adjust Post Filtration with Calcite & GAC w/Built-in Bypass 
x 875.00 
Included 
Additional Options & Equipment - Not Included Unless Indicated 
Unit Price 
Extended Price 
10.4" LCD Touch Screen Display w/HDMI & Remote Communications 
8,750.00 
Optional 
On-Demand Supply Pump ITT Goulds, Grundfos or Ebara 3Phase 440V 
12,750.00 
Included 
Sand Separator Cyclone 
1,750.00 
Optional 
Anti-Scalant Aqueous Liquid (Flocon 130) (55 gal. Drum) 
1,450.00 
Optional 
Recommended Stock of Spare Parts 
6,961.95 
Optional 
Complete Installation in a Brand New 40" Connex Container including Wiring, 
Lights, AC Unit will be included inside the container to be installed on site. 
21,750.00 
Optional 
Crating & Packaging for Export 
1,250.00 
1,250.00 
Please not that shipping and handling charges are not included in this quote. 
Sales Tax will be added to orders shipped in California unless tax exempt 
Information is provided. 
Generators with installation in 40' containers will be quoted separately 
40' Container Dimensions : 
168" X 96" X 102" 
Sub-Total 
216,000.00 
TBD 
216,000.00 
Shipping & Handling 
Total X-Works 
Exclusions:  Prices do not include import taxes and duties, installation, and options 
listed above unless otherwise indicated. 
a
.
Wate r 
NI\
 Quality 
A MPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807687
--- PAGE 8 ---
Specifications for Ampac USA 
Sea Water Desalination Reverse Osmosis System 
- The following specifications include only noted details of the complete RO system. It does not include 
specifications for all parts, components, and details that are to be included. 
(Note: The following pictures are for demonstrating purposes. The final product may be slightly differ) 
Feed Supply Pump: (Optional) 
Magnetic-drive pump (MAGdrive) 
Grundfos CRN MAGdrive pumps operate according to a patented, magnetic-drive system that eliminates the need for shaft seals. 
The power from the motor is transmitted to the pump by magnetic force and not by a conventional coupling. Combined with a 
hermetically sealed liquid end, the pump is totally leak-free. As all axial forces are absorbed in the MAGdrive system, the pump 
incorporates a standard ICE or NEMA motor with keyway and deep groove ball bearing. 
Quantity: 
Setup: 
Type: 
Model: 
Capacity: 
Head: 
Shaft & Impeller Material: 
Sealing Arrangement: 
Motor Arrangement: 
Motor Insulation: 
Motor Rating: 
Power: 
Manufacturer: 
Units in Parallel. 
First on VFD, Second on Pressure Sensor 
Multi —stage centrifugal 
Grundfos CRN15-4 
GPM 
PSI 
SS3161 
Mechanical seal 
Direct Coupled 
CEI-EN standard /Class F 
7% HP 
440V/3Phase /50Hz 
Grundfos, Germany 
Pre-Chlorination System: (Optional) 
When chlorine is added to waste water, a reaction occurs splitting it into hypochlorous acid and 
hypochlorite ions. The hypochlorite ion does not actively contribute to the sanitizing ability of 
chlorine (only 1%), but is an extremely strong oxidizer The hypochlorous acid is the active, killing 
form of chlorine and what does the actual sanitizing. This chlorine molecule easily enters 
microorganisms through their cell walls and kills the organisms by destroying the sulfur groups 
on the cell's enzymes, causing the cell's metabolism to stop, resulting in the cell's death and 
discoloration. Not only does chlorine kill bacteria, it does it very quickly. The Association of 
Analytical Chemists uses a kill time of 30 seconds to completely destroy a given concentration 
of bacteria as a standard. 
Iron and manganese in water can be oxidized by chlorine, converting them to ferric hydroxide and manganese 
dioxide. The flocculated material can then be removed by filtration. The higher the amount of chlorine fed, the more 
rapid the reaction. Some plants have been designed for an initial chlorine residual of 5 to 10 ppm. After filtration the 
chlorine is removed by the addition of sodium bisulfide, sulfur dioxide, or sodium bisulfide. 
• 
System include: 
Tank, Mixer and Injection (Dosing) Pump 
• 
Dosing pump: 
Solenoid driven positive displacement pump. 
• 
Capacity: 
3.4 1/hr. 
• 
Pressure: 
bar 
• 
Accessories: 
Injection valve, foot valve 
• 
Dosing tank: 
• 
Capacity: 
liters 
• 
Material: 
PE 
Manufacturer: 
Ampac USA / Blue White 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807688
--- PAGE 9 ---
High Performance Liquid-Soilds Separation System: (Optional) 
The ILB Separator is ideally suited for removing sand, grit and other fine solids for heavy duty 
systems. Able to withstand the toughest environmental conditions, it offers high pressure capability, 
high flow rates and high temperature resistance. 
The removal of specific unwanted solids from a pumped/pressurized liquid system shall be 
accomplished with a centrifugal-action vortex separator. 
Solids removal efficiency is principally predicated on the difference in specific gravity between the 
solids and the liquid. Performance is expected to be 98% removal of 74 microns and larger, with 
significant particle removal of finer particles also likely. 
Separator Design & Function: 
A tangential inlet and mutually tangential internal accelerating slots shall be employed to promote 
the proper velocity necessary for the removal of the separable solids. The separator's internal 
vortex shall allow this process to occur without wear to the accelerating slots. 
Separated particle matter shall spiral downward along the perimeter of the inner separation barrel, 
in a manner that does not promote wear of the separation barrel, and into the solids collection 
chamber, located below the vortex deflector stool. 
Water shall exit the separator by following the center vortex in the separation barrel and spiral upward to the separator 
outlet. 
care
Ingnsl gob 
r.d 
.to we., ••• 
Chiron 
(4.1,w Ku.). 
brim An Wei 
tpal 
Anti-Scalant Dosing System: 
Scaling means the deposition of particles on a membrane, causing it to plug. Without some means of scale 
inhibition, reverse osmosis (RO) membranes and flow passages within membrane elements will scale due to precipitation 
of sparingly soluble gas, such as calcium carbonate, calcium sulfate, barium sulfate and strontium sulfate. Most natural 
waters contain relatively high concentrations of calcium, sulfate and bicarbonate ions. 
In membrane desalination operations at high recovery ratios, the solubility limits of gypsum and calcite exceed saturation 
levels leading to crystallization on membrane surfaces. The surface blockage of the scale results in permeate flux decline, 
reducing the efficiency of the process and increasing of 
Scaling its Plant Performance 
operation costs. 
The effects of scale on the permeation rate of RO systems 
is illustrated in the following figure. Following an induction 
period, plant flow decrease rapidly. The length of this 
period varies with the type of scale and the degree of super 
saturation of the sparingly soluble salt. 
Anti-Scalant chemicals are dosed to prevent fouling and 
scaling in the membranes. Anti-Scalant in feed water 
increases its concentration with an increase in the % 
recovery of the system. The anti-Scalant works on the 
principle of threshold phenomenon that is a small amount 
of chemical that controls a large amount of scale formation by sparingly soluble salts. 
Depending upon formulation of raw water, a dose of about 3.6 PPM of anti-Scalant is 
required to keep the system free from fouling and scaling. Due to dispersion effect, the life 
of the membrane increases as well as frequency of membrane cleaning decreases. 
Mac Dap 
— can. (*bora 
• 
System include: 
Tank, Mixer and Injection (Dosing) Pump 
• 
Dosing Pump Type: 
Solenoid driven positive displacement pump. 
• 
Capacity: 
3.4 L/hr. 
• 
Pressure: 
bar 
• 
Accessories: 
Injection valve, foot valve tubing Dosing Tank 
** System will come with 5 gal. Anti-Scalant Container good for 1-2 months. 
A MPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807689
--- PAGE 10 ---
Multimedia KDF-GAC-Poly Phosphate Quartz Pre-Filter: 
Suspended particles in raw water need a sand filter as pretreatment for RO System. This 
reduces the load on cartridge filters and filters the water down to 20+25 micron size of 
suspended solids. As well it will remove Chlorine injected earlier, and adjust pH. Since 
Multimedia filter has to backwash with raw water, therefore, rinse step has been provided 
in backwash sequence. The filters will automatically back wash, based on timer control. 
Following are the specifications of Multi Media Filters: 
• 
Dimensions: 24 ftA3 Carbon Multimedia Pre-filter system w/ 2W' ports backwash valve 
• 
Material: 
Reinforced fiberglass housing (FRP) 
• 
Flowrate: 
200 GPM (24hr/7days per week) 
• 
Piping: 
2Y2" Sch80 High Pressure PVC piping 
• 
Media: 
Active Acid Washed Coal Based Carbon (GAC), Anthracite, Silica Quartz 
• 
Valve: 
Clack WS2 Digital Auto Backwash Valve with LCD Screen 
• 
Reason: 
Provides water of less than .1 ppm chlorine 
• 
Feature: 
Fully Automated Operation 
• 
Operation: RIO System will automatically shut down when GAC System Backwash. 
• 
Manufacturer: Tank from Structural USA, Valve from Fleck USA. 
Media Included: 
1) KDF Media: KDF' Process Media are high-purity, granulated copper and zinc-based alloys that 
treat water and waste water through a process based upon the principle of redox 
(Oxidation-Reduction). Originally, KDF was shorthand for Kinetic Degradation Fluxion. 
KDF Process Media enhance the performance, extend the life, reduce the maintenance and lower the total cost 
of carbon-based Media to follow. 
KDF Process Media help control microorganisms by creating an environment that's deadly to some 
microorganisms and that interferes with the ability of many other microorganisms to function. Either way, the 
use of KDF Process Media results in the total elimination of some contaminants and a great reduction of a wide 
variety of others which will protect the RO Membrane elements from Fouling by any bacterial growth. 
2) Polyphosphate Media: is added to mask the effects of high iron concentrations. The 
Polyphosphate delays the precipitation of oxidized manganese and iron, thereby greatly 
reducing the layer of scale that forms on the pipes. The effect is called sequestration. The iron 
or manganese ion is surrounded by a chain of phosphate molecules and is not allowed to 
precipitate in the water. 
3) Granular Activated Carbon  (GAC): GAC filtration is most effective in removing organic 
contaminants from water. Organic substances are composed of two basic elements, carbon and 
hydrogen. Because organic chemicals are often responsible for taste, odor, and color problems, 
GAC filtration can generally be used to improve aesthetically objectionale water. GAC filtration 
will also remove any excess chlorine. GAC filtration is recognized by the Water Quality Association 
to maintain drinking water contaminants within the limits of the EPA National Drinking Water 
Standards. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807690
--- PAGE 11 ---
Sediment Cartridge Filter Housing 5 micron: 
A fine filtration unit of porosity 5- micron is installed. This Pre-Filter will eliminate all 
suspended solids up to 5 Micron from getting to the membrane elements. 
Quantity: 
• 
Flow Rate: 
• 
Model: 
Maximum Operating pressure: 
• 
Number of standard 30" cartridge: 
• 
Filter height: 
• 
Length of Cartridge Filter: 
Diameter of Cartridges: 
• 
Material: 
Porosity: 
• 
Manufacturer: 
Two in Series 
140 GPM 
H IF 
150 PSI 
Count 
55" 
30" 
Carbon Fiber 
& 5 micron 
Hydrosafe, USA 
Full Duplex Optional Multi-Stage RO High Pressure Pump: 
Brand: Fedco High Pressure Pump w/ safeguards 
The Fedco MSD series multi-stage centrifugal high-pressure feed pumps 
provide a new level of reliability and efficiency for Seawater Desalination 
Watermakers, unique features, such as the patented WATER BEARING 
thrust bearing, complete duplex SS construction, and maintenance-free 
design ensure years of trouble-free operation. 
The System will also include FEDCO's Hydraulic Pressure Boosters 
turbocharger the will increase the efficiency to exceed 80% transfer 
efficiency. Superior efficiency comes with superior reliability. 
Standard horizontal base, electric motor drive. The standard horizontal 
base is 4" x 2" Steel with 2 mil epoxy, powder coated with Vi"  channel steel supports for maximum weight load and 
minimum flexing. Bolt-down leveling and vibration shock mounts are standard. All motors are mounted on a two 
screw adjustable base for easy alignment. 
Specifications: 
Model: 
• 
Pump Body: 
• 
Shaft & Impeller: 
• 
Stages: 
Flow: 
• 
System Pressure: 
• 
Efficiency: 
• 
Absorbed Power: 
• 
Full Load Amps: 
• 
Electric Power: 
• 
Ports: 
• 
Shaft Seal: 
Motor: 
• 
Enclosure: 
MSS-4029 
Full Duplex Stainless Steel 2205 
Full Duplex Stainless Steel 2205 
Stages 
150 Gallons per minute 
721 PSI 
93.6 % 
HP 
84.0 Amps 
KW 
2" NPT Inlet x 2" NPT Discharge 
Standard Mech. Seal is Viton/Carbon/Ceramic/S.S, Casing "O"-Ring is Viton. 
440 V I 60 Hz I Three phase I NEMA standard totally enclosed 
Rugged design for continuous duty under all operating conditions. 
CC cE-
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807691
--- PAGE 12 ---
Hydraulic Pressure Booster (HPB): (Energy Recovery) 
The Hydraulic Pressure Turbo Charger shall be integrated to increase Liquid Transfer Efficiency up to 80% 
Specifications: 
• 
Model: 
HPB-30 
Body: 
Full Duplex Stainless Steel 
• 
Shaft & Impeller: 
Full Duplex Stainless Steel 
• 
Ports: 
3" NPT Inlet x 2" NPT Discharge 
• 
Feed Flow 
150 gpm 
• 
Brine Flow 
gpm 
• 
Pressure 
850 psi 
• 
Brine Pressure 
820 psi Brine 
• 
Outlet Pressure 
psi 
• 
Feed Temp 
°F 
• 
Feed IDS 
36000 Feed 
SG (calc.) 
1.024 
Membranes Elements: 
/ 
Count 9 Membrane Elements (8" x 40") each 
• 
Filmtec SW30HRLE440i, 8,200 gpd rating Low Fowling 
Improved FILMTEC'" Reverse Osmosis Membrane Elements offer the 
Highest productivity while maintaining excellent Dissolved Solids Rejection. 
• 
FILMTEC SW30 membrane elements have the highest flow rates available to meet the 
water demands of both sea-based and land-based desalinators. 
Improved FILMTEC membrane elements combined with automated, precision element fabrication result in the 
most consistent product performance available. 
rr
Pressure Vessels: 
Codeline 15O-9001 Certified Vessels utilize a unique shell design which allows the housings to weep, preventing 
catastrophic Failure. Composite construction results in superior impact and corrosion resistance. 
• 
Quantity: 
Vessels 
J Material of Construction: 
FRP Composite 
J 
Pressure Rating: 
1200 PSI 
• 
Dimensions: 
8" x 80" 
J Number of Elements per Vessel: 
Elements to total 9 Elements. 
Auto-Flush Process: 
The RIO System will Auto-Flush automatically, through the supplied pump, every time the 
storage tanks fill in order to remove concentrate and trapped colloidal particles on the 
membrane surface. The flush process will be carried out with fresh permeate water. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807692
--- PAGE 13 ---
CIP (Clean in Place System): 
The cleaning skid is designed for manual operation through a local control box located on the skid. A chemical storage tank is 
mounted on its own stand and connected to the skid with either hard PVC piping or quick disconnect fittings and flexible hoses. 
This gives the unit the ability to be mounted in a permanent location or totally portable if desired. The piping is schedule 80 PVC 
that is hydrostatically tested at the factory. The electrical enclosure is NEMA 4X. All skid wiring is completed and tested before 
shipment. 
Standard Features: 
3- 
Skid mounted unit 
3- 
Chemical solution tank with cover 
3- 
PVC piping 
316L Stainless cleaning pump 
3- 
micron cartridge filter with housing 
3- 
Local flow meter 
3- 
Tank level switch (CS 8) 
220W1Ph/60Hz or 460V/3Ph/60Hz 
Available Options 
3- 
pH Controller 
3- 
Electric heater for chemical tank with temperature controller 
3- 
Flexible hoses for cleaning connection 
3- 
Wheel mounted skids for smaller units 
3- 
Mixer 
Applications 
3. 
Membrane cleaning 
'A* 
Descaling 
Membrane Cleaning Chemicals: 
Acid and alkaline cleaning chemicals are most commonly used for membrane cleaning. Acid cleaners are designed to remove 
inorganic and iron deposits. Acid cleaning should be performed at a pH of about 2. Alkaline cleaners are designed for 
removal of biological matter, organic foulants, and silica deposits. Alkaline cleaning is performed at a pH of about 12. 
Membrane Cleaning Process: 
Reverse Osmosis membrane elements can experience a decline in performance due to the accumulation of deposits on the 
membrane surface. Mineral scale, colloidal particles, biological matter, and insoluble organic compounds are the usual 
causes of membrane fouling. When production of a Reverse Osmosis system drops by at least 10 percent, or the differential 
pressure increases by 15 percent (over normal operating conditions), membrane cleaning should be performed. 
Activated Carbon pH Adjust Post-Treatment System: 
The pH of the permeate water is expected to be in the range of 5.0 this is rather, acidic. To control the pH, We will 
introduce Activated Coconut Shell Carbon/Calcite/Corosex Media Post-Filter to adjust pH level to neutral. 
Calcite (Calcium Carbonate) is a naturally occurring calcium carbonate 
media. One of the advantages of Calcite is its self-limiting property. When 
properly applied, it corrects pH only enough to reach a non-corrosive 
equilibrium. It does not overcorrect under normal conditions. Upon 
contact with Calcite, acidic waters slowly dissolve the calcium carbonate 
to raise the pH which reduces the potential leaching of copper, lead and 
other metals found in typical plumbing systems. Depending on pH, water 
chemistry and service flow, the Calcite bed will have to be periodically 
replenished as the Calcite is depleted. 
Corosex is a very concentrated form of (Magnesium Oxide) that is always 
blended with calcite to reduce the risk of cementing. We call this blend of 
Corosex and Calcite, NS Mix. The NS Mix increases the alkalinity of the water to raise the pH value to a neutral state (7.0). 
The NS Mix can raise a pH from 5.5 to 7.0 (neutral), and is recommended on any water that has a pH between 5.5 and 
6.0. Corosex has the same regeneration and sacrificial properties as Calcite. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807693
--- PAGE 14 ---
Ultra Violet Sterilizer: lOpt.oncti) 
Twin Ultra Violet 28 GPM, shall be installed on the Skid. Microorganisms in water can 
cause a multitude of health problems. Ultraviolet System is the natural way to disinfect 
water for home or industry. UV light systems penetrate and destroy the harmful 
organism, disinfecting the water. To remove other drinking water contaminants. 
BENEFITS: 
COMPLETELY AUTOMATIC 
COMPACT AND EASY TO INSTALL 
NO CHEMICALS REQUIRED 
LOW OPERATING COST 
LOW MAINTENANCE 
NO ADDED TASTE OR ODOR 
UV DESTROYS 
BACTERIA 
MOLD SPORES 
ALGAE 
PROTOZOA 
VIRUSES 
YEAST 
RECOMMENDED USES: 
LAKE OR POND WATER 
PRIVATE WELLS 
CISTERNS 
FOLLOWING CARBON FILTERS 
NON•CHLORINATED MUNICIPAL SYSTEMS 
ULTRA•PURE WATER SUPPLIES 
Air Conditioning Unit: (Optional) 
A/C Unit Applicable only if Unit is containerized. 
Product Specification: 
Style 
Compressor 
Refrigerant 
Cooling Capacity 
Power Supply 
Input Power 
Input Current 
SEER 
EER 
HSPF 
Sound Level 
Ductless Mini Split AC With Heat Pump 
Toshiba (GMCC) 
R410A (Pre•Charged) 
9000 BTU 
208-230 V / 60 Hz, 1Ph 
1840W (Cooling) / 2010W (Heating) 
8.4A (Cooling) /9.14A (Heating) 
12.5 
50dB•high 40dB•Low (Indoor) / 60dB (Outdoor) 
Moisture Removal 
2.5 L/hr 
Min Operating Temperature • 20 C / • 4 F 
Net Weight 
Dimensions 
Electrical Wiring 
lbs. (Indoor)/ 130 Lbs. (Outdoor) 
46.69 X 10.16 X 13.39 in (Indoor Unit) 35.43 x 12.40 x 33.86 in (Outdoor Unit) 
Wire Size from Breaker to Outdoor : 12:3 & Outdoor to Indoor : 16:4 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807694
--- PAGE 15 ---
Instrumentations 
PLC: 5200 Series Microprocessor Controller: 
The system will come with a complete control panel that include a Series 200 reverse 
osmosis microprocessor controller features an alphanumeric backlit LCD to display 
operating conditions, and provides adjustable time delays and set points to accommodate 
varying field conditions. 
The Series 200 controller displays the permeate TDS/Conductivity, Permeate Flow, 
Concentrate Flow, Pressure, pH level and water temperature, and operating hours along 
with the operating status of the RO unit. The Series 200 monitors low and high pressure 
switches, tank levels, and pretreatment equipment. It provides relay outputs for the RO 
high pressure pump, inlet solenoid valve, membrane flush solenoid valve, and optional 
relays for permeate divert or remote alarm and auxiliary output. 
The Microprocessor or PLC based control system shall monitor and control operation of system and communicate 
with pretreatment equipment and distribution tank level as required. Skid mounted control panel shall house control 
system, operator interface controls, solenoids, IEC motor starter(s), step down transformer, high voltage disconnect. 
Control system shall be fully programmed and integrity tested at factory prior to shipment. 
1- Panel shall include: 
a. Backlit LCD display for operating conditions and set points 
b. Lights, pushbuttons, and switches for status and control of system 
c. Conductivity Monitor for feed and permeate 
d. Elapsed run time indicator 
e. Alarm horn 
f. System power switch 
g. Nameplates for device identification 
h. Automatic reject flush indicator and controls 
2- Alarm conditions shall include: 
a. Low feed pressure and Low Level 
b. High and High-High permeate conductivity 
3- Unit Shutdowns include: 
a. Low feed pressure 
b. Pretreatment filters in backwash 
c. Product storage tank full 
d. High-High permeate conductivity 
4- Functional Specification 
a. Complete functional specification shall be provided which describes: 
1) Operation of unit 
2) Control loops 
3) Interlocks 
4) Alarms 
5) Startup/Shutdown sequences 
6) Security 
g=SCLI 
I 
u 
.w 
• 
The system will have an automatic operation. All electrical wiring will be in accordance with UL / CE standards. 
The Control of: 
Feed Supply Pump 
Automatic flush solenoid valve 
Two TDS/Conductivity Points 
Flow Indicators & % Rejection 
pH Monitor 
Water temperature 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
EFTA00807695
--- PAGE 16 ---
PLC: 51040 Series Microprocessor Controller: (Optional) 
The SW-40K can be equipped Optional with a Programmable Logic Controller featuring an integrated 10 inch Full 
Color Graphic Touch Screen Operator Interface. 
All operating conditions and process status are simultaneously 
displayed on a single process diagram display screen. 
The operator interface is virtually menu less, making it easy to 
locate and adjust all time delays and process set points. 
To view specific set point and control options for any piece of 
equipment simply touch the corresponding image on the graphic 
screen and all options appear. To return to the main process 
display, simply touch the "Main" button. 
This operator interface is conveniently located on the front of 
the main NEMA 4X Rated control Enclosure. 
Depending on the control options selected, the controller is 
capable of displaying 
• 
Influent Flow Rate and Accumulation 
• 
Concentrate Flow Rate and Accumulation 
• 
Permeate Flow Rate and Accumulation 
• 
Permeate Salinity (TDS/Conductivity) 
• 
Percentage of salt rejection 
• 
Percentage of water recovery 
• 
Concentration factor 
• 
Membrane flux and Specific Flux Rates, 
• 
Water Temperature 
• 
System Operating Hours 
• 
Individual Run Times for each motor and valve 
System Flow 
• 
User Defined Flow 
a 
cnzis ipormstroi 
■ 
J 
caeBeial 
e 
Ea le 
4 4 
VLa 
st 
■ 
ft
^40
C 
0 
Previous 24 hour flow, and todays flow totals for influent, concentrate and permeate lines. 
'4 
The PLC also monitors Low and High Pressure Switches, Tank Levels, and Pre-Treatment Equipment. 
Data logging is provided for all monitored system variables (i.e. pressures, flows, TOS/Conductivity, pH, 
temperature & etc.) 
• 
Multi-level security login ensures that only qualified personnel is able to make changes to operating set 
points. 
• 
If secure internet connectivity is provided the system may be remotely monitored and operated from 
anywhere on the planet. In addition, all trend data is also remotely accessible. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807696
--- PAGE 17 ---
Pressure Gauges: 
- Liquid Filled Panel Mount Stainless Steel Pressure Gauges after every phase of Production as follows: 
• 
In-Let Feed Pressure 
• 
Sand Separator Cyclone Auto-Flush Pre-Filter 
• 
Distribution Pump Pressure 
• 
Multimedia Silica Quartz Pre-Filter Pressure 
• 
Sediment Pre-Filter Pressure 
• 
Booster Pump Pressure 
• 
Membrane Elements Pressure 
• 
Flush Pump Pressure 
• 
Post Filter Pressure 
Pressure Valves: 
System will include Two Pressure Valves made by Swagelok or equivalent as follows: 
1) System Pressure Valve to Control Booster Pump Pressure and Concentrate Flow 
2) Pressure Relief Valve to prevent system from reaching unsafe pressure rating. 
Controls 
- Complete Panel for Easy Controls 
- Automatic operating processor w/ programmable logic controller for all pumps, w/ delayed start-up 
of high pressure pump and Automatic Flush System 
- Liquid Filled pressure gauges 
- Low & High pressure gauges 
- Permeate & concentrate flow meters Blue White 
System Pressure 
Cnntenl Valve 
1/8 DIN Aluminum case 
0.56" high efficiency red LED display. 
Pressure Relief Valve 
r 
Piping: 
Feed: 
• 
Product: 
J Reject: 
4) 
Pressurized Piping Fittings Stainless Steel 
• 
All High Pressure Pipes and Fittings will be from 316L Stainless Steel 
3" Sch 80 PVC w/Stainless Steel Reinforced Ends 
2" Sch 80 PVC w/Stainless Steel Reinforced Ends 
2W' Sch 80 PVC w/Stainless Steel Reinforced Ends 
Frame: 
System shall be fully built within a 40' Brand New Connex Seaworthy Container as follows: 
1- Skid 1: Powder Coated Steel Base to fit Feed Pumps 
2- 
Skid 2: Powder Coated Steel Base to fit RIO Membranes & Filtration Process 
3- 
Skid 3: Steel Base for RIO High Pressure Pumps 
4- Skid 4: For Activated Carbon Tank 
Features: 
a 
Ampac, powder coated, welded Steel Base Skids 
• 
Skid base Include a welded Diamond Plate 
• 
All Welded Skids shall be Double Powder Coated, then Clear Coat Applied. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807697
--- PAGE 18 ---
Electrical 
Nema 4X rating 
Three Phase 440V/50Hz 
Electrical: Approvals: 50 Hp Motor. - 208/230V/480 3 Phase-60Hz 
Built-in capacitor and overlaild with automatic reset. 
Motor is CE UL Certified 
r 
C E To Operate in North America & Europe. 
RO system Operating Requirements 
Operating Limits 
- Feed Temp: 
Max 
105 F 
- Feed Pressure: 
Min 
psi 
Max 
psi 
- Chlorine: 
Max 
.1 ppm (after carbon filter) 
- Feed pH: 
Min 
3.0 
Min 
11.0 
- Feed TDS 
Max 
45,000 ppm 
Based on the above operating limits the followin ! items will be ! uaranteed: 
51.3 GPM (194 LPM) of Permeate product water for continuoll
hour/day, 7 day/week operation. 
R/O Plant Container: pprionou 
Brand New Seaworthy 20' Connex Container, Epoxy 
Coated and fully insulated, contains RIO Unit equipped 
with Split NC Unit for Climate Control and Ceiling 
Lightings. 
Additional Specifications: 
- Recovery Rate average 45% 
- Reject Rate Average 55% 
- Water quality sampling ports for each membrane 
- RO only to flush at Start and storage tank full 
- RO will flush when idle for preset number of hours. 
Monitoring: 
- Product Conductivity 
- Feed, Product and Reject flow rates 
- Pressure before and after Carbon Filter 
- Pressure before and after Pre Filter 
- Pressure before and after RO pump 
- Pressure before and after Membrane elements 
- Pressure before and after GAC Post Filter 
- Product water temperature. 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807698
--- PAGE 19 ---
Service: 
Ampac USA will be available for product support, including spare parts and service for 
the Operational life of the system for a small annual fee to be agreed upon after the first 
year. If RO operation does not meet the specifications listed above, Ampac USA will be 
able to respond with product support in a timely manner. 
Maintenance Schedule: 
Description 
Size 
Micron 
Price 
Services 
Annually 
Total Price 
Two Hydro Safe Pre-Filter 
4" x 30" 
285.00 
570.00 
Anti-Scalant Aqueous Liquid 
Liquid 
gal 
625.00 
2,500.00 
3,070.00 
Media good for 
Total Price 
Multimedia Pre-Filter 
Price/Lbs. 
Quantity 
Price 
/ Number of 
Prorated 
Years 
Anthracite Carbon 
2.10 
1320 
2,772.00 
Years 
924.00 
KOF Media 
8.50 
340.00 
Years 
113.30 
Poly Phosphate 
8.50 
340.00 
Years 
113.30 
1,150.60 
Total Maintenance Cost per year 
$ 4,220.60 
Terms: 
Payment 
Terms: 
60% 
Deposit. 40% due before 
delivery date. 
All pricing 
stated is in U.S. dollars. 
Exclusions: Prices do not 
include 
shipping, 
insurance, sales tax, import 
taxes 
and 
duties, 
installation, and options 
listed 
below 
unless 
otherwise indicated. 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
EFTA00807699
--- PAGE 20 ---
Suggested Spare Parts List: 
Ampac USA Suggest to have the following list of Spare Parts on Board: 
Pan # 
Parts Description 
Qty 
Price 
Total 
Sterlight:QS-600 
Quartz Sleeve for UV-600 
285.00 
285.00 
Sterlight:S6D0RL-HO 
Replacement lamp for a Sterlight UV 
349.95 
349.95 
88U-150-PS 
BBU-150-PS Pleaded Sediment Filter S Micron 
285.00 
570.00 
Valve Kit, PVKR-40K 
Pump Valve Kit Repair, PVKR-60K 
950.00 
850.00 
Valve Kit, PSKR-40K 
Pump Seal Kit Repair, PSKR-60K 
975.00 
875.00 
Valve Kit, PPKR-40K 
Pump Plunger Kit Repair, PPKR-60K 
1,250.00 
950.00 
Gaskets 
Set of Gaskets for head gasket, GGKR-60K 
975.00 
799.00 
Flacon 
Flocon 135 Anti-Scalant 55Gallon Drum 
1,385.00 
1,385.00 
Total 
6,739.95 
Warranties: 
Ampac USA warrants the system to be free from any defect in material of construction and workmanship for a period of one 
complete year from the date of commissioning of the unit, but not later than eighteen months from the date of shipment, under 
the following conditions: 
1. System is operated within parameters as stipulated in the manual. 
2. A proper log duly filled on daily basis is maintained with the client & sent to Ampac USA on 
monthly basis. 
Note: Ampac USA does not guarantee the product water to be free from bacteria unless an Ultra 
Violet Disinfection System or an Ozone Generator or both are installed on the Skid. 
Exclusions: Prices do not include shipping, insurance, sales tax, import taxes and duties, installation, 
and options listed below unless otherwise indicated. 
Delivery: 12-14 weeks ARO, Quote is valid for 60 days. 
Payment Terms: 60% Deposit. Balance due by ship date. All pricing stated is in U.S. dollars 
Note: Supervision for installation, Commissioning, start up and operator training services with first production runs will be 
provided free of charge. Flight, accommodations and transportation will be provided by client. 
Finally, thank you for your Business. Hoping to have a long term business relationship between both our companies. If you have 
any further questions. Please do not hesitate to contact us anytime @ (818) 700.8015. 
Best regards, 
Sammy A. Farag 
Sammy A. Farag, CEO 
Mat INA 
5255 — 5265 State Street, 
Montclair, CA 91763 USA 
Tel: (909) 548-4900 
Fax: (909) 548-4901 
Email: 
Website: 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807700
--- PAGE 21 ---
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 IM 
EFTA00807701
--- PAGE 22 ---
(
Sample Pictures (SW6OK•LXl Containerized Seawater Desalination Unit 
A MPA C USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807702
--- PAGE 23 ---
Sample Pictures (SW60K-u0Seawater Desalination Unit 
AMPAC USA 
Proposal Number 247403 
Date: Jun 30, 2017 
EFTA00807703
--- PAGE 24 ---
£04LVZ JaqwnN iesodoid 
for 'O£ unr :am 
AMPAC USA 
ADVANCED WATER TREATMENT SOLUTIONS 
Seeming 
Swan 
Cerseas.,,
j
Ss Cy—le 
20••• 'sorer 
1••••••• 
1141•01••••• 
Casa 
Frailer 
Tsui err 
le Sao 
/MOW 
III Pinata 
1) St litres 
Plass 
Feint 
114 a. noun 
states. 
In Tosser 
Goa limb 
a,-, 
Tnw Aor 
mar pears 
dill
se fto Inserni . tart 
taa."...
litisr 
ne+Toe
OM" 
VOA, 
AMPAC USA Reverse Osmosis 
Reverse Osmosis: Model SW-60K-LX 
Capacity: 60,000GPD Land Based 
Sea Water Desalination Watemsakter 
MASS Pump & Pressure Booster 
&leggy Saver 
I Permeate Water 
• Storage Tanks 
. 4
11, Cads 
Naas. 
Deck 
Veto 
sM /bah 
pinso 
kab 
lY 
ilgvesac Ones 
it, RV) Mr P.n.," 
saps 
Seam Sit 
NNW MISS 
ttl PM's, 
Fleenor 
no had Pa Vow IhwilOi 
/Di 
S—' Pao IMS Irec. 
2k S.
 Pap Moot /MT. 
EFTA00807704

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807705.pdf
----------------------------------------
FORMAL PROPOR " 
Obiective:
Construction of 16'x16' Bedroom Room with Hip Roof (Matching Existing Structure) 
Client: 
Great St James & Little St. James 
Location 
Great St. James 
Scope of Work 
Phase 1: 
Digging and pouring of concrete for columns; 
Installation of 6x6 columns; 
Installation of 2x6" joists and 3/4" plywood as sub floor; 
Phase 2: 
Installation of 2x6" stud walls; 
Installation of 3x8" sub exterior plywood 
Installation of siding (over 3x8" ply- selected by owner); 
Installation of 2x6" Roof framing for hip roof 
Installation of tongue & groove plywood on roof 
Installation of galvanize 
Installation of windows and doors 
Phase 3: 
Installation of interior sheet rock 
Installation of all trim along windows and doors 
Painting and trimming of interior & exterior walls 
Cost Analysis:- NOT INCLUDING MATERIALS 
Total Projected Cost: $14,260.00 
340-776-4000 ** 6301 Red Hook Plaza** St. Thomas VI 00802 
EFTA00807705
--- PAGE 2 ---
ANNA RODRIGUEZ FOR J. EPSTEIN 
ST. THOMAS VI 00802 
ELDERFIELD ROBERTS 
VI EXPERT BUILDERS, LLC 
CONTRACTOR 
6301 RED HOOK PLAZA 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
x 
x 
By. 
Contract Accept Date: 
By: 
340-776-4000 ** 6301 Red Hook Plaza** St. Thomas VI 00802 
EFTA00807706

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807707.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S PROPOSAL 
FOR SETTLEMENT TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, INDIVIDUALLY 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, hereby proposes to settle the above-styled 
case (the "Litigation") with Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually. 
I. 
This Proposal is made pursuant to section 768.79, Florida Statutes and Florida Rule 
of Civil Procedure 1.442. 
2. 
Proposal for Settlement and Offer of Judgment ("Proposal") 
a. 
Parties: The party making this Proposal is Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"). The party to whom this Proposal is being made is Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually ("Edwards"). In this Proposal, Epstein and Edwards 
will be referred to collectively as the "Parties." 
b. 
Claims this Proposal is Attempting to Resolve: Acceptance of this 
Proposal resolves all damages that would otherwise be awarded in a final judgment in this action. 
EFTA00807707
--- PAGE 2 ---
c. 
Relevant Conditions: 
i. 
Within ten days of Edwards' written acceptance of this Proposal, 
Edwards shall sign and deliver to Epstein's counsel a Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal With 
Prejudice. The exact forms of the Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal and proposed Agreed 
Final Order of Dismissal are attached as Composite Exhibit A. 
ii. 
Within ten days of Edwards' written acceptance of this Proposal, 
Edwards shall sign and deliver to Epstein's counsel a General Release in the exact form attached 
as Exhibit B. 
iii. 
Within three days of Edwards' delivery of (1) the signed Stipulation 
of Settlement and Dismissal With Prejudice and (2) the signed General Release, Epstein will 
deliver payment of the Total Amount set forth in Paragraph 2(d) below to Edwards' counsel. After 
confirming payment of the Total Amount set forth in Paragraph 2(d) has been received by 
Edwards' counsel, Epstein's counsel shall file the Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal With 
Prejudice and submit the proposed Agreed Final Order of Dismissal to the Court. 
d. 
Total Amount of this Proposal: The Total Amount of this Proposal is 
$2,300,000. There are no non-monetary conditions other than those described in this Proposal. 
e. 
Amount Proposed to Settle Claim for Punitive Damages, If Any: 
Edwards has asserted a claim against Epstein for punitive damages in his Fourth Amended 
Counterclaim. The Total Amount set forth in paragraph 2(d) above includes payment of $10,000 
for Edwards' claim for punitive damages. The total amount of the offer remains $2,300,000 and 
no more. 
f. 
Amount Proposed to Settle Claim for Attorneys' Fees, If Any: Edwards 
does not assert a legal claim for attorneys' fees incurred in seeking judgment in the Litigation 
EFTA00807708
--- PAGE 3 ---
against Epstein. However, attorneys' fees are included in, and are intended to be resolved by, the 
Total Amount of this Proposal. 
g. 
Certificate of Service: This Proposal includes a certificate of service as 
required by Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.080. 
3. 
Service and Filing: This Proposal shall be served on Edwards through his counsel, 
but shall not be filed unless necessary to enforce the provisions of section 768.79, Florida Statutes. 
4. 
Withdrawal: This Proposal may be withdrawn in writing provided the written 
withdrawal is delivered before a written acceptance is delivered. Once withdrawn, this Proposal 
is void. 
5. 
Acceptance and Rejection: Pursuant to section 768.79, Florida Statutes, this 
Proposal shall be deemed rejected unless accepted by delivery of a written notice of acceptance 
within thirty days after service of this Proposal. No oral communications shall constitute an 
acceptance, rejection or counteroffer of this Proposal. 
6. 
Good Faith: This Proposal is being submitted with the knowledge, understanding 
and consent of Epstein. This Proposal is made as a bona fide, good-faith proposal after having 
considered and evaluated the merits of Edwards' claims and Epstein's defenses to them. 
EFTA00807709
--- PAGE 4 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished by e-mail to the attorneys listed 
on the Service List below on January 
2018. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
(561) 727-3600; (561) 727-3601 [fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Angela M. Many (FBN 26680) 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Nichole J. Segal 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Co-Counsel for Defendant!Counter-Plaintif 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807710
--- PAGE 5 ---
COMPOSITE EXHIBIT A 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
STIPULATION OF SETTLEMENT AND DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED, by and between Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), and Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, 
individually ("Edwards"), pursuant to Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.420, that each and every issue, claim, 
counterclaim, and cause of action asserted in this case by Epstein and Edwards against each other, 
including all claims for all forms of damages, prejudgment interest, costs and attorneys' fees, be 
dismissed with prejudice, each party to bear his own attorneys' fees, costs and expenses. The 
parties hereby request that the Court enter the attached Agreed Final Order of Dismissal With 
Prejudice. 
EFTA00807711
--- PAGE 6 ---
DATED: 
SEARCY, DENNY, SCAROLA, 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
DATED: 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
By: 
By: 
Jack Scarola (FBN 169440) 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Angela M. Many (FBN 26680 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial 
Counsel for 
Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807712
--- PAGE 7 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
AGREED FINAL ORDER OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court upon the Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal 
With Prejudice entered into by and between Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually. The Court, having reviewed the 
Stipulation, hereby 
ORDERS AND ADJUDGES that each and every issue, claim, counterclaim, and cause of 
action asserted in this case by Epstein and Edwards against each other, including all claims for all 
forms of damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment interest, costs and attorneys' fees, 
is hereby dismissed with prejudice, each party to bear its own attorneys' fees, costs and expenses. 
This dismissal is not an admission of liability by any party. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
day 
of 
, 2018. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
EFTA00807713
--- PAGE 8 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
P.A. 
350 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33401 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Suite 700 
Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, .. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Angela M. Many (FBN 26680) 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807714
--- PAGE 9 ---
EXHIBIT B 
GENERAL RELEASE 
This Release is made by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually 
("Edwards"). 
Edwards, for the consideration of $2,300,000 paid to him on behalf of Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, does 
hereby remise, release, acquit, satisfy and forever discharge Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and his personal representatives, administrators, agents, heirs, assigns, attorneys and 
insurers (collectively, "Epstein") of and from all manner of action and actions, cause and causes 
of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialities, 
covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, trespasses, damages 
(including compensatory and punitive), costs (including attorneys' fees, expert fees, and out-of-
pocket expenses), pre and post-judgment interest, obligations, losses, loss of services, expenses, 
compensation, judgments, executions, claims and demands whatsoever, in law or in equity, which 
Edwards ever had, now has, or which any personal representative, successor, heir, or assign of 
Edwards can, shall or may have, against Epstein for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause or 
thing, whatsoever, known and unknown, foreseen and unforeseen, from the beginning of the world 
to the day of signing the Release, and including all issues, causes, claims, counterclaims, set-offs, 
and allegations which were raised or could have been raised relating to or arising out of that certain 
action styled Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, individually and Bradley J. Edwards, individually, 
15th Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, Case No. 2009-CA-040800XXXXMG-AG. 
It is further understood and agreed that this Release and settlement represents the 
compromise of disputed claims, is made in order to avoid the nuisance and uncertainty of litigation, 
EFTA00807715
--- PAGE 10 ---
and that payment is not to be construed or interpreted as an admission of liability on the part of 
Epstein. Epstein expressly denies liability. 
This Release constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and cannot be changed 
orally. This Release shall be construed, enforced and interpreted in accordance with the laws of 
the State of Florida and venue for any action to enforce or construe the Release shall be Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
CAUTION: READ BEFORE SIGNING 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
) ss. 
COUNTY OF 
The foregoing Release was acknowledged before me this 
day of 
2018, 
by BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, who is personally known to me or who presented 
as identification. 
I have hereunto set my hand affixed my official seal this 
day of 
, 2018. 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
Typed/Printed Name of Notary 
Commission No./Expiration 
EFTA00807716

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807717.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S PROPOSAL 
FOR SETTLEMENT TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, INDIVIDUALLY 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, hereby proposes to settle the above-styled 
case (the "Litigation") with Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually. 
I. 
This Proposal is made pursuant to section 768.79, Florida Statutes and Florida Rule 
of Civil Procedure 1.442. 
2. 
Proposal for Settlement and Offer of Judgment ("Proposal") 
a. 
Parties: The party making this Proposal is Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"). The party to whom this Proposal is being made is Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually ("Edwards"). In this Proposal, Epstein and Edwards 
will be referred to collectively as the "Parties." 
b. 
Claims this Proposal is Attempting to Resolve: Acceptance of this 
Proposal resolves all damages that would otherwise be awarded in a final judgment in this action. 
EFTA00807717
--- PAGE 2 ---
c. 
Relevant Conditions: 
i. 
Within ten days of Edwards' written acceptance of this Proposal, 
Edwards shall sign and deliver to Epstein's counsel a Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal With 
Prejudice. The exact forms of the Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal and proposed Agreed 
Final Order of Dismissal are attached as Composite Exhibit A. 
ii. 
Within ten days of Edwards' written acceptance of this Proposal, 
Edwards shall sign and deliver to Epstein's counsel a General Release in the exact form attached 
as Exhibit B. 
iii. 
Within three days of Edwards' delivery of (1) the signed Stipulation 
of Settlement and Dismissal With Prejudice and (2) the signed General Release, Epstein will 
deliver payment of the Total Amount set forth in Paragraph 2(d) below to Edwards' counsel. After 
confirming payment of the Total Amount set forth in Paragraph 2(d) has been received by 
Edwards' counsel, Epstein's counsel shall file the Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal With 
Prejudice and submit the proposed Agreed Final Order of Dismissal to the Court. 
d. 
Total Amount of this Proposal: The Total Amount of this Proposal is 
$3,000,000. There are no non-monetary conditions other than those described in this Proposal. 
e. 
Amount Proposed to Settle Claim for Punitive Damages, If Any: 
Edwards has asserted a claim against Epstein for punitive damages in his Fourth Amended 
Counterclaim. The Total Amount set forth in paragraph 2(d) above includes payment of $10,000 
for Edwards' claim for punitive damages. The total amount of the offer remains $3,000,000 and 
no more. 
f. 
Amount Proposed to Settle Claim for Attorneys' Fees, If Any: Edwards 
does not assert a legal claim for attorneys' fees incurred in seeking judgment in the Litigation 
EFTA00807718
--- PAGE 3 ---
against Epstein. However, attorneys' fees are included in, and are intended to be resolved by, the 
Total Amount of this Proposal. 
g. 
Certificate of Service: This Proposal includes a certificate of service as 
required by Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.080. 
3. 
Service and Filing: This Proposal shall be served on Edwards through his counsel, 
but shall not be filed unless necessary to enforce the provisions of section 768.79, Florida Statutes. 
4. 
Withdrawal: This Proposal may be withdrawn in writing provided the written 
withdrawal is delivered before a written acceptance is delivered. Once withdrawn, this Proposal 
is void. 
5. 
Acceptance and Rejection: Pursuant to section 768.79, Florida Statutes, this 
Proposal shall be deemed rejected unless accepted by delivery of a written notice of acceptance 
within thirty days after service of this Proposal. No oral communications shall constitute an 
acceptance, rejection or counteroffer of this Proposal. 
6. 
Good Faith: This Proposal is being submitted with the knowledge, understanding 
and consent of Epstein. This Proposal is made as a bona fide, good-faith proposal after having 
considered and evaluated the merits of Edwards' claims and Epstein's defenses to them. 
EFTA00807719
--- PAGE 4 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished by e-mail to the attorneys listed 
on the Service List below on November 
2017. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Angela M. Many (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Nichole J. Segal 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, 
. Burlington & Rockenbach, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Co-Counsel for DefendantlCounter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, IM. 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807720
--- PAGE 5 ---
COMPOSITE EXHIBIT A 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
STIPULATION OF SETTLEMENT AND DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED, by and between Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), and Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, 
individually ("Edwards"), pursuant to Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.420, that each and every issue, claim, 
counterclaim, and cause of action asserted in this case by Epstein and Edwards against each other, 
including all claims for all forms of damages, prejudgment interest, costs and attorneys' fees, be 
dismissed with prejudice, each party to bear his own attorneys' fees, costs and expenses. The 
parties hereby request that the Court enter the attached Agreed Final Order of Dismissal With 
Prejudice. 
EFTA00807721
--- PAGE 6 ---
DATED: 
DATED: 
SEARCY, DENNY, SCAROLA, 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach FL 33409 
; ( 
[fax] 
By: 
Jack Scarola (FBN 169440) 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
[fax] 
By: 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Angela M. Many (FBN 26680 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial 
Counsel for 
Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807722
--- PAGE 7 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
AGREED FINAL ORDER OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court upon the Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal 
With Prejudice entered into by and between Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually. The Court, having reviewed the 
Stipulation, hereby 
ORDERS AND ADJUDGES that each and every issue, claim, counterclaim, and cause of 
action asserted in this case by Epstein and Edwards against each other, including all claims for all 
forms of damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment interest, costs and attorneys' fees, 
is hereby dismissed with prejudice, each party to bear its own attorneys' fees, costs and expenses. 
This dismissal is not an admission of liability by any party. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
day 
of 
, 2017. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
EFTA00807723
--- PAGE 8 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff" 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
350 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff' 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33401 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Suite 700 
Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, .. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Angela M. Many (FBN 26680) 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807724
--- PAGE 9 ---
EXHIBIT B 
GENERAL RELEASE 
This Release is made by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually 
("Edwards"). 
Edwards, for the consideration of $3,000,000 paid to him on behalf of Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, does 
hereby remise, release, acquit, satisfy and forever discharge Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and his personal representatives, administrators, agents, heirs, assigns, attorneys and 
insurers (collectively, "Epstein") of and from each and every issue, claim, counterclaim and cause 
of action alleged in the case styled Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, individually and Bradley J. 
Edwards, individually, 15th Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, Case No. 2009-CA-
040800XXXXMG-AG (the "Litigation"), including all claims for all forms of damages (including 
compensatory and punitive damages), pre and post-judgment interest, costs and attorneys' fees. 
This Release also encompasses any and all claims which could have been or should have been 
brought in the Litigation to the extent they arise from the facts alleged in the Litigation. 
It is further understood and agreed that this Release and settlement represents the 
compromise of disputed claims, is made in order to avoid the nuisance and uncertainty of litigation, 
and that payment is not to be construed or interpreted as an admission of liability on the part of 
Epstein. Epstein expressly denies liability. 
This Release constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and cannot be changed 
orally. This Release shall be construed, enforced and interpreted in accordance with the laws of 
the State of Florida and venue for any action to enforce or construe the Release shall be Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
EFTA00807725
--- PAGE 10 ---
CAUTION: READ BEFORE SIGNING 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
) ss. 
COUNTY OF 
The foregoing Release was acknowledged before me this 
day of 
2017, 
by BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, who is personally known to me or who presented 
as identification. 
I have hereunto set my hand affixed my official seal this 
day of 
, 2017. 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
Typed/Printed Name of Notary 
Commission No./Expiration 
EFTA00807726

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807727.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S PROPOSAL 
FOR SETTLEMENT TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS. INDIVIDUALLY 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, hereby proposes to settle the above-styled 
case (the "Litigation") with Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually. 
I. 
This Proposal is made pursuant to section 768.79, Florida Statutes and Florida 
Rule of Civil Procedure 1.442. 
2. 
Proposal for Settlement and Offer of Judgment ("Proposal") 
a. 
Parties: The party making this Proposal is Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"). 
The party to whom this Proposal is being made is 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually ("Edwards"). In this Proposal, 
Epstein and Edwards will be referred to collectively as the "Parties." 
b. 
Claims this Proposal is Attempting to Resolve: Acceptance of this 
Proposal resolves all damages that would otherwise be awarded in a final judgment in this action. 
EFTA00807727
--- PAGE 2 ---
c. 
Relevant Conditions: 
i. 
Within ten days of Edwards' written acceptance of this Proposal, 
Edwards shall sign and deliver to Epstein's counsel a Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal 
With Prejudice. The exact forms of the Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal and proposed 
Agreed Final Order of Dismissal are attached as Composite Exhibit A. 
ii. 
Within ten days of Edwards' written acceptance of this Proposal, 
Edwards shall sign and deliver to Epstein's counsel a General Release in the exact form attached 
as Exhibit B. 
iii. 
Within three days of Edwards' delivery of (1) the signed 
Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal With Prejudice and (2) the signed General Release, 
Epstein will deliver payment of the Total Amount set forth in Paragraph 2(d) below to Edwards' 
counsel. After confirming payment of the Total Amount set forth in Paragraph 2(d) has been 
received by Edwards' counsel, Epstein's counsel shall file the Stipulation of Settlement and 
Dismissal With Prejudice and submit the proposed Agreed Final Order of Dismissal to the Court. 
d. 
Total Amount of this Proposal: The Total Amount of this Proposal is 
$510,000. There are no non-monetary conditions other than those described in this Proposal. 
e. 
Amount Proposed to Settle Claim for Punitive Damages, If Any: 
Edwards has asserted a claim against Epstein for punitive damages in his Fourth Amended 
Counterclaim. The Total Amount set forth in paragraph 2(d) above includes payment of $10,000 
for Edwards' claim for punitive damages. The total amount of the offer remains $510,000 and 
no more. 
f. 
Amount Proposed to Settle Claim for Attorneys' Fees, If Any: 
Edwards does not assert a legal claim for attorneys' fees incurred in seeking judgment in the 
EFTA00807728
--- PAGE 3 ---
Litigation against Epstein. However, attorneys' fees are included in, and are intended to be 
resolved by, the Total Amount of this Proposal. 
g. 
Certificate of Service: This Proposal includes a certificate of service as 
required by Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.080. 
3. 
Service and Filing: This Proposal shall be served on Edwards through his 
counsel, but shall not be filed unless necessary to enforce the provisions of section 768.79, 
Florida Statutes. 
4. 
Withdrawal: This Proposal may be withdrawn in writing provided the written 
withdrawal is delivered before a written acceptance is delivered. Once withdrawn, this Proposal 
is void. 
5. 
Acceptance and Rejection: Pursuant to section 768.79, Florida Statutes, this 
Proposal shall be deemed rejected unless accepted by delivery of a written notice of acceptance 
within thirty days after service of this Proposal. No oral communications shall constitute an 
acceptance, rejection or counteroffer of this Proposal. 
6. 
Good Faith: 
This Proposal is being submitted with the knowledge, 
understanding and consent of Epstein. This Proposal is made as a bona fide, good-faith proposal 
after having considered and evaluated the merits of Edward's claims and Epstein's defenses to 
them. 
EFTA00807729
--- PAGE 4 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served by e-mail on 
October 
2017, on: 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
TONJA HADDAD, •. 
5315 S.E. Seventh Street, Suite 301 
By: /s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman (FBN 0176737) 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
- and — 
Jack A. Goldberger (FBN 262013) 
ATTERBURY, GOLDBERGER & WEISS, •. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Co-Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807730
--- PAGE 5 ---
COMPOSITE EXHIBIT A 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plainti ffs. 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
STIPULATION OF SETTLEMENT AND DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED, by and between Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), and Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, 
individually ("Edwards"), pursuant to Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.420, that each and every issue, claim, 
counterclaim, and cause of action asserted in this case by Epstein and Edwards against each 
other, including all claims for all forms of damages, prejudgment interest, costs and attorneys' 
fees, be dismissed with prejudice, each party to bear its own attorneys' fees, costs and expenses. 
The parties hereby request that the Court enter the attached Agreed Final Order of Dismissal 
With Prejudice. 
EFTA00807731
--- PAGE 6 ---
DATED: 
DATED: 
SEARCY DENNEY SCAROLA BARNHART 
TONJA HADDAD, P.A. 
& SHIPLEY, P.A. 
5315 S.E. Seventh Street, Suite 301 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
By: 
By: 
Tonja Haddad Coleman (FBN 0176737) 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Jack Scarola (FBN 169440) 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
- and — 
Jack A. Goldberger (FBN 262013) 
ATTERBURY, GOLDBERGER & WEISS, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Co-counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807732
--- PAGE 7 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
AGREED FINAL ORDER OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court upon the Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal 
With Prejudice entered into by and between Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually. The Court, having reviewed the 
Stipulation, hereby 
ORDERS AND ADJUDGES that each and every issue, claim, counterclaim, and cause of 
action asserted in this case by Epstein and Edwards against each other, including all claims for 
all forms of damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment interest, costs and attorneys' 
fees, is hereby dismissed with prejudice, each party to bear its own attorneys' fees, costs and 
expenses. This dismissal is not an admission of liability by any party. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers in Palm Beach County Florida, this 
 day 
of 
2017. 
Honorable Donald Hafele 
Circuit Judge 
EFTA00807733
--- PAGE 8 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
5315 S.E. Seventh Street, Suite 301 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Co-counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Co-counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807734
--- PAGE 9 ---
EXHIBIT B 
GENERAL RELEASE 
This Release is made by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually 
("Edwards"). 
Edwards, for the consideration of $510,000 paid to him on behalf of Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, does 
hereby remise, release, acquit, satisfy and forever discharge Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and his personal representatives, administrators, agents, heirs, assigns, attorneys and 
insurers (collectively, "Epstein") of and from each and every issue, claim, counterclaim and 
cause of action alleged in the case styled Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, individually and 
Bradley J. Edwards, individually, 15th Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, Case No. 
2009-CA-040800XXXXMG-AG (the "Litigation"), including all claims for all forms of 
damages (including compensatory and punitive damages), pit and post-judgment interest, costs 
and attorneys' fees. This Release also encompasses any and all claims which could have been or 
should have been brought in the Litigation to the extent they arise from the facts alleged in the 
Litigation. 
It is further understood and agreed that this Release and settlement represents the 
compromise of disputed claims, is made in order to avoid the nuisance and uncertainty of 
litigation, and that payment is not to be construed or interpreted as an admission of liability on 
the part of Epstein. Epstein expressly denies liability. 
This Release constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and cannot be changed 
orally. This Release shall be construed, enforced and interpreted in accordance with the laws of 
the State of Florida and venue for any action to enforce or construe the Release shall be Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
EFTA00807735
--- PAGE 10 ---
CAUTION: READ BEFORE SIGNING 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
The foregoing Release was acknowledged before me this 
day of 
2017, by BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, who is personally known to me or who presented 
as identification. 
I have hereunto set my hand affixed my official seal this 
day of 
2017. 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
Typed/Printed Name of Notary 
Commission No./Expiration 
EFTA00807736

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807737.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S PROPOSAL 
FOR SETTLEMENT TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS. INDIVIDUALLY 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, hereby proposes to settle the above-styled 
case (the "Litigation") with Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually. 
I. 
This Proposal is made pursuant to section 768.79, Florida Statutes and Florida 
Rule of Civil Procedure 1.442. 
2. 
Proposal for Settlement and Offer of Judgment ("Proposal") 
a. 
Parties: The party making this Proposal is Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"). 
The party to whom this Proposal is being made is 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually ("Edwards"). In this Proposal, 
Epstein and Edwards will be referred to collectively as the "Parties." 
b. 
Claims this Proposal is Attempting to Resolve: Acceptance of this 
Proposal resolves all damages that would otherwise be awarded in a final judgment in this action. 
EFTA00807737
--- PAGE 2 ---
c. 
Relevant Conditions: 
i. 
Within ten days of Edwards' written acceptance of this Proposal, 
Edwards shall sign and deliver to Epstein's counsel a Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal 
With Prejudice. The exact forms of the Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal and proposed 
Agreed Final Order of Dismissal are attached as Composite Exhibit A. 
ii. 
Within ten days of Edwards' written acceptance of this Proposal, 
Edwards shall sign and deliver to Epstein's counsel a General Release in the exact form attached 
as Exhibit B. 
iii. 
Within three days of Edwards' delivery of (1) the signed 
Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal With Prejudice and (2) the signed General Release, 
Epstein will deliver payment of the Total Amount set forth in Paragraph 2(d) below to Edwards' 
counsel. After confirming payment of the Total Amount set forth in Paragraph 2(d) has been 
received by Edwards' counsel, Epstein's counsel shall file the Stipulation of Settlement and 
Dismissal With Prejudice and submit the proposed Agreed Final Order of Dismissal to the Court. 
d. 
Total Amount of this Proposal: The Total Amount of this Proposal is 
$520,000. There are no non-monetary conditions other than those described in this Proposal. 
e. 
Amount Proposed to Settle Claim for Punitive Damages, If Any: 
Edwards has asserted a claim against Epstein for punitive damages in his Fourth Amended 
Counterclaim. The Total Amount set forth in paragraph 2(d) above includes payment of $20,000 
for Edwards' claim for punitive damages. The total amount of the offer remains $520,000 and 
no more. 
f. 
Amount Proposed to Settle Claim for Attorneys' Fees, If Any: 
Edwards does not assert a legal claim for attorneys' fees incurred in seeking judgment in the 
EFTA00807738
--- PAGE 3 ---
Litigation against Epstein. However, attorneys' fees are included in, and are intended to be 
resolved by, the Total Amount of this Proposal. 
g. 
Certificate of Service: This Proposal includes a certificate of service as 
required by Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.080. 
3. 
Service and Filing: This Proposal shall be served on Edwards through his 
counsel, but shall not be filed unless necessary to enforce the provisions of section 768.79, 
Florida Statutes. 
4. 
Withdrawal: This Proposal may be withdrawn in writing provided the written 
withdrawal is delivered before a written acceptance is delivered. Once withdrawn, this Proposal 
is void. 
5. 
Acceptance and Rejection: Pursuant to section 768.79, Florida Statutes, this 
Proposal shall be deemed rejected unless accepted by delivery of a written notice of acceptance 
within thirty days after service of this Proposal. No oral communications shall constitute an 
acceptance, rejection or counteroffer of this Proposal. 
6. 
Good Faith: 
This Proposal is being submitted with the knowledge, 
understanding and consent of Epstein. This Proposal is made as a bona fide, good-faith proposal 
after having considered and evaluated the merits of Edward's claims and Epstein's defenses to 
them. 
EFTA00807739
--- PAGE 4 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served by e-mail on 
October 
2017, on: 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
TONJA HADDAD, •. 
5315 S.E. Seventh Street, Suite 301 
By: /s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman (FBN 0176737) 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
- and — 
Jack A. Goldberger (FBN 262013) 
ATTERBURY, GOLDBERGER & WEISS, •. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Co-Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807740
--- PAGE 5 ---
COMPOSITE EXHIBIT A 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plainti ffs. 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
STIPULATION OF SETTLEMENT AND DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED, by and between Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), and Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, 
individually ("Edwards"), pursuant to Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.420, that each and every issue, claim, 
counterclaim, and cause of action asserted in this case by Epstein and Edwards against each 
other, including all claims for all forms of damages, prejudgment interest, costs and attorneys' 
fees, be dismissed with prejudice, each party to bear its own attorneys' fees, costs and expenses. 
The parties hereby request that the Court enter the attached Agreed Final Order of Dismissal 
With Prejudice. 
EFTA00807741
--- PAGE 6 ---
DATED: 
DATED: 
SEARCY DENNEY SCAROLA BARNHART 
TONJA HADDAD, P.A. 
& SHIPLEY, P.A. 
5315 S.E. Seventh Street, Suite 301 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
By: 
By: 
Tonja Haddad Coleman (FBN 0176737) 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Jack Scarola (FBN 169440) 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
- and — 
Jack A. Goldberger (FBN 262013) 
ATTERBURY, GOLDBERGER & WEISS, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Co-counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807742
--- PAGE 7 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
AGREED FINAL ORDER OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court upon the Stipulation of Settlement and Dismissal 
With Prejudice entered into by and between Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually. The Court, having reviewed the 
Stipulation, hereby 
ORDERS AND ADJUDGES that each and every issue, claim, counterclaim, and cause of 
action asserted in this case by Epstein and Edwards against each other, including all claims for 
all forms of damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment interest, costs and attorneys' 
fees, is hereby dismissed with prejudice, each party to bear its own attorneys' fees, costs and 
expenses. This dismissal is not an admission of liability by any party. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers in Palm Beach County Florida, this 
 day 
of 
2017. 
Honorable Donald Hafele 
Circuit Judge 
EFTA00807743
--- PAGE 8 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
5315 S.E. Seventh Street, Suite 301 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Co-counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbuiy, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Co-counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807744
--- PAGE 9 ---
EXHIBIT B 
GENERAL RELEASE 
This Release is made by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, individually 
("Edwards"). 
Edwards, for the consideration of $520,000 paid to him on behalf of Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, does 
hereby remise, release, acquit, satisfy and forever discharge Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and his personal representatives, administrators, agents, heirs, assigns, attorneys and 
insurers (collectively, "Epstein") of and from each and every issue, claim, counterclaim and 
cause of action alleged in the case styled Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, individually and 
Bradley J. Edwards, individually, 15th Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, Case No. 
2009-CA-040800XXXXMG-AG (the "Litigation"), including all claims for all forms of 
damages (including compensatory and punitive damages), pit and post-judgment interest, costs 
and attorneys' fees. This Release also encompasses any and all claims which could have been or 
should have been brought in the Litigation to the extent they arise from the facts alleged in the 
Litigation. 
It is further understood and agreed that this Release and settlement represents the 
compromise of disputed claims, is made in order to avoid the nuisance and uncertainty of 
litigation, and that payment is not to be construed or interpreted as an admission of liability on 
the part of Epstein. Epstein expressly denies liability. 
This Release constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and cannot be changed 
orally. This Release shall be construed, enforced and interpreted in accordance with the laws of 
the State of Florida and venue for any action to enforce or construe the Release shall be Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
EFTA00807745
--- PAGE 10 ---
CAUTION: READ BEFORE SIGNING 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
The foregoing Release was acknowledged before me this 
day of 
2017, by BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, who is personally known to me or who presented 
as identification. 
I have hereunto set my hand affixed my official seal this 
day of 
2017. 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
Typed/Printed Name of Notary 
Commission No./Expiration 
EFTA00807746

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807747.pdf
----------------------------------------
8140 93rd Lane South 
Boynton Beach, FL 33472 
800-753.5127 
Bill To: 
Little Saint James, LLC 
Ms. Ann Rodriquez 
USVI US 
Ship To: 
Little Saint James USVI 
US 
PER CONTAINER 
Proposal Number: GW00P56876 
WHOLESALE NO WARRANTY PROPOSAL 
Proposal Date: 
06/27/2018 
Total: $374,930.00 
Qty Item 
Description 
Price 
Total 
100.00 Phoenix dactylifera 'Medjool' CERTIFIED 
20'CT 
$3,450.00 $345,000.00 
40.00 Straps - 2 PER CONTAINER 
4" 
$125.00 
$5,000.00 
20.00 Tarps - 1 PER CONTAINER 
40' X 20' 
$325.00 
$6,500.00 
100.00 Hydration Program 
REQUIRES 6 WEEKS FROM DATE OF 
RECEIVED DEPOSIT FOR FULL ROOT 
REGENERATION 
$125.00 
$12,500.00 
3.00 Mulch - PALLETS 
NEEDED FOR PLANTING 
$360.00 
$1,080.00 
10.00 PalmSaver- soil enhancement 
lb tub 
$185.00 
$1,850.00 
20.00 Phtyo 
$150.00 
$3,000.00 
Subtotal: 
$374,930.00 
Total: $374,930.00 
This proposal includes taxes. If tax exempt please forward tax information to us. 
These prices are good for ninety (90) days. Please update these prices every ninety (90) days. 
Prices and sizes are quoted subject to availability. 
The prices stated above are quoted at wholesale and do not include installation, delivery, warranty or maintenance. 
If delivery is priced as a line item there is a 1 hour time frame for offloading. If unloading takes longer than 1 hour please add 
535 per half hour additional. 
Payment terms are 50% DUE AT TIME OF SIGNING. REMAINING BALANCE DUE 7 DAYS PRIOR TO LOADING. 
CT = CLEAR TRUNK. : Clear Trunk is defined as a measurement from the lowest live green frond to ground level. 
Please sign below and return one copy, by mail or fax (561-738-1964) to our office for scheduling. If you have any further 
questions or concerns, please contact me at 1-800-753-5127. The above prices and terms are hereby accepted: 
ACCEPTANCE SIGNATURE: 
PREPARED BY: 
Little Saint James, LLC - Ms. Ann Rodriquez 
DATE: 
DATE: 
Melissa Nottingham - Groundworks 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00807747

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807748.pdf
----------------------------------------
8140 93rd Lane South 
Boynton Beach, FL 33472 
800-753.5127 
Bill To: 
Little Saint James, LLC 
Ms. Ann Rodriquez 
Little Saint ames USVI US 
Ship To: 
Little Saint James USVI 
US 
PER CONTAINER 
Proposal Number: GW00P56877 
WHOLESALE NO WARRANTY PROPOSAL 
Proposal Date: 
06/27/2018 
Total: $307,680.00 
Qty Item 
Description 
Price 
Total 
100.00 Phoenix dactylifera 'Medjool' CERTIFIED 
12'CT 
$2,850.00 $285,000.00 
20.00 Straps - 2 PER CONTAINER 
$125.00 
$2,500.00 
10.00 Tarps - 1 PER CONTAINER 
40' X 20' 
$325.00 
$3,250.00 
100.00 Hydration Program 
REQUIRES 6 WEEKS FROM DATE OF 
RECEIVED DEPOSIT FOR FULL ROOT 
REGENERATION 
$125.00 
$12,500.00 
3.00 Mulch - PALLETS 
NEED ED FOR PLANTING 
$360.00 
$1,080.00 
10.00 PalmSaver- soil enhancement 
lb tub 
$185.00 
$1,850.00 
10.00 Phyto 
$150.00 
$1,500.00 
Subtotal: 
$307,680.00 
Total: $307,680.00 
This proposal includes taxes. If tax exempt please forward tax information to us. 
These prices are good for ninety (90) days. Please update these prices every ninety (90) days. 
Prices and sizes are quoted subject to availability. 
The prices stated above are quoted at wholesale and do not include installation, delivery, warranty or maintenance. 
If delivery is priced as a line item there is a 1 hour time frame for offloading. If unloading takes longer than 1 hour please add 
$35 per half hour additional. 
Payment terms are 50% DUE AT TIME OF SIGNING. REMAINING BALANCE DUE 7 DAYS PRIOR TO LOADING. 
CT = CLEAR TRUNK. Clear Trunk is defined as a measurement from the lowest live green frond to ground level. 
Please sign below and return one copy, by mail or fax (561-738-1964) to our office for scheduling. If you have any further 
questions or concerns, please contact me at 1-800-753-5127. The above prices and terms are hereby accepted: 
ACCEPTANCE SIGNATURE: 
PREPARED BY: 
Little Saint James, LLC - Ms. Ann Rodriquez 
DATE: 
DATE: 
Melissa Nottingham - Groundworks 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00807748

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807749.pdf
----------------------------------------
GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
BEFORE THE DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
DIVISION OF COASTAL ZONE MANAGEMENT 
IN THE MATTER OF 
THE DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND 
NATURAL RESOURCES, COMMISSIONER 
DAWN L. HENRY, ESQUIRE, 
) NOVA 04-16-STT 
) 
) ) ) 
) NOTICE OF FAILURE TO CURE 
COMPLAINANT, 
) BREACH OF SETTLEMENT 
) AGREEMENT AND 
vs. 
) ENFORCEMENT OF SETTLEMENT 
) AGREEMENT 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC 
) 
) 
) 
) 
RESPONDENT. 
) 
SUPPLEMENTAL CONSENT AGREEMENT 
WHEREAS, the Complainant, the Department of Planning and Natural Resources 
(DPNR), is responsible for the administration and enforcement of laws and regulations 
pertaining to the protection and preservation of the coastal resources of the United States Virgin 
Islands, including the Coastal Zone Management Act (the "CZM Act"), Title 12, Chapter 21, of 
the Virgin Islands Code, and the Division of Coastal Zone Management ("CZM") is a division 
thereof; and 
WHEREAS, the Complainant, commenced an administrative enforcement proceeding by 
serving Respondent on April 25, 2016 with Notice of Violation No. NOVA-04-16-STT dated 
April 22, 2016 ("NOVA"); and 
EFTA00807749
--- PAGE 2 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 2 of 8 
WHEREAS, on or about August 4, 2016, respondent entered into a Settlement 
Agreement ("Settlement Agreement") with DPNR regarding issues pertaining to the NOVA; and 
WHEREAS, on or about November 4, 2016, Complainant served Respondent with a 
Notice to Cure Breach of Settlement Agreement ("Notice") requiring Respondent within ten (10) 
days to remove all unpermitted development and structures and failure to comply will subject 
Respondent to further enforcement action pursuant to V.I. Code Ann. Tit. 12 § 913 and Section 
3(d) of the Settlement Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, on or about December 15, 2016, Complainant served Respondent with a 
Notice of Failure to Cure Breach of Settlement Agreement and Enforcement of Paragraph 3(d) of 
the Settlement Agreement "Failure to Cure"); and 
WHEREAS, promptly upon receipt of both the Notice and the Failure to Cure, 
Respondent has been in frequent communication with Complainant in order to clarify and 
resolve ambiguities therein and to timely respond with appropriate action to address 
Complainant's concerns; and 
WHEREAS, Respondent has taken action to appropriately and comprehensively address 
all of Complainant's concerns as set forth in the Notice and the Failure to Cure, and moving 
forward has demonstrated a genuine and substantial commitment to work proactively with 
Complainant to preserve and protect the coastal resources in the United States Virgin Islands and 
to be a responsible steward of those resources on Great St. James Island; and 
WHEREAS, the commitment of Respondent and its affiliates to the preservation and 
protection of the Coastal Resources of the United States Virgin Islands is evidenced, among 
other ways, by a grant to the St. Thomas Historical Trust, an exempt entity under Section 
EFTA00807750
--- PAGE 3 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 3 of 8 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Historic Trust"), which Gratitude America, Ltd., an 
affiliate of Respondent, is making in the amount of One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars 
($160,000) for the purpose of paying fees, costs and expenses in connection with the 
construction of a raveling wall at Fort Christian located in Tier 1 on St. Thomas in the United 
States Virgin Islands (the "Fort Christian Project"); 
WHEREAS, Complainant and Respondent are collectively referred to herein as the 
Parties; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties agree that: (a) resolution of the matters set forth in the NOVA, 
the Settlement Agreement, the Notice and the Failure to Cure are in the best interests of the 
Parties and the public; (b) the clarity and finality provided through the entry of this Supplemental 
Consent Agreement without litigation is the most appropriate means of resolving this matter; and 
(c) this Supplemental Consent Agreement shall be enforceable in the event of any failure by the 
Parties to comply with the provisions contained herein; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties recognize that this Supplemental Consent Agreement has been 
negotiated in good faith and that it is fair, reasonable, and in the public interest. 
NOW THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
1. 
Further Action Discontinued 
In view of Respondent's efforts to clarify, eliminate and/or comprehensively address all 
of Complainant's issues set forth in the Notice and the Failure to Cure, and Respondent's 
demonstrated commitment moving forward to work proactively with the Complainant to 
preserve and protect the coastal resources of the United States Virgin Islands, including 
EFTA00807751
--- PAGE 4 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 4 of 8 
those on Great St. James Island, the Parties agree that further action against Complainant 
under the Notice and Failure to Cure, including, without limitation, the assessment of any 
penalty against Respondent contemplated by the Notice or the Failure to Cure with 
respect to the matters contemplated by the Notice and Failure to Cure, shall be 
permanently discontinued. 
2. 
Compliance with Applicable Laws 
This Agreement in no way relieves Respondent of its responsibility to comply with any 
other applicable federal or territorial laws, regulations and permits not specifically 
mentioned herein, and compliance with this Agreement shall not constitute a defense to 
any action pursuant to said laws, regulations, or permits raised by any territorial or 
federal agency other than DPNR. 
3. 
Release 
DPNR fully and unconditionally releases and discharges Respondent and its successors, 
assigns, members, managers, employees, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, representatives 
and attorneys (hereinafter "Respondent Parties"), except as specifically provided in 
Paragraph 5 of this Agreement, from any and all claims, demands, liens, causes of action, 
suits, damages, judgments, debts or liabilities whatsoever, both at law or in equity, which 
any of DPNR, the Commissioner of DPNR and any of the successors or assigns thereof 
ever had or now has against any of the Respondent Parties arising out of, relating to or 
connected with any violation or alleged violation of any agreement or understanding with 
EFTA00807752
--- PAGE 5 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 5 of 8 
DPNR or the Commissioner of DPNR, or any violation or alleged violation of any permit 
or approval issued by, or of any Federal or Virgin Islands law or regulation within the 
enforcement jurisdiction of, DPNR or the Commissioner of DPNR, based upon any 
matter, facts or circumstances from the beginning of time through the date of this 
Agreement, including, without limitation any violation or alleged violation indicated 
herein or in the Notice of Violation Assessment NOVA-04-16-STT, the Settlement 
Agreement, the Notice, and the Failure to Cure. 
4. Covenant Not to Sue 
In consideration of the actions heretofore performed by Respondent in response to the 
Notice and the Failure to Cure, and except as specifically provided in Paragraph 5 of this 
Agreement, DPNR and the Commissioner of DPNR each covenants not to sue or to take 
further administrative action against the Respondent Parties in respect of any matters 
contemplated by the release provided in Paragraph 3 hereof, including without limitation, 
in respect of any violation indicated herein or contemplated in the Notice of Violation 
Assessment NOVA-04-16-STT, the Settlement Agreement, the Notice, and the Failure to 
Cure, whether existing now or at any time prior to the date hereof. 
5. Reservations of Rights by DPNR-CZM 
DPNR reserves and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent 
with respect to all matters not expressly included within the Covenants Not To Sue in 
EFTA00807753
--- PAGE 6 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 6 of 8 
Paragraph 4. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, DPNR reserves, 
and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent with respect to: 
(a) 
Liability for failure of Respondent to meet a requirement of this Agreement; and 
(b) 
Liability for costs incurred or to be incurred by the United States Virgin Islands 
not specifically contemplated by this Agreement; 
(e) 
Liability for future violations (occurring after the Commissioner's approval of this 
Agreement.) 
(d) 
Liability for damages for injury to, destruction of, or loss of natural resources, and 
for costs of any natural resource damage assessments not specifically contemplated by 
this Agreement. 
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to be or shall be construed as a release, covenant 
not to sue, or compromise of any claim or cause of action, administrative or judicial, civil 
or criminal, past or future, in law or in equity, which the Government of the Virgin 
Islands may have against any person, firm, corporation or other entity not a signatory to 
this Agreement, other than Respondent Parties. This Supplemental Consent Agreement 
does not limit or affect the rights of Respondent or the Government of the Virgin Islands 
against any third parties not named herein, nor the rights of third parties not parties to this 
Agreement against any other parties, other than Respondent Parties. 
EFTA00807754
--- PAGE 7 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 7 of 8 
6. No Admission 
Neither this Agreement, nor anything provided herein or on the recitals hereof, nor any 
actions taken by Respondent in response to the Notice or the Failure to Cure, shall be 
deemed or construed at any time for any purpose as an admission by Respondent of any 
liability, unlawful conduct of any kind or violation of any law by Respondent. 
7. Modification 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements, representations and 
understanding, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. Prior drafts 
of this Agreement shall not be used in any action involving the interpretation or 
enforcement of this Agreement. All modifications to this Agreement shall he in writing 
and signed by the Parties hereto. 
8. Jurisdiction 
This Agreement shall be construed and its performance enforced under the laws of the 
United States Virgin Islands. 
9. Representations 
Each person executing this Agreement represents that the party hereto on whose behalf 
the person is executing this Agreement has duly authorized the execution of this 
EFTA00807755
--- PAGE 8 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 8 of 8 
Agreement and that such person is authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of 
such party. 
JEAN-PIERRE L. ORIOL 
Director — Coastal Zone Management 
8100 Lindberg Bay, Suite #61 
Cyril E. King Airport 
Terminal Building, 2"" Floor 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
SO ORDERED THIS 
DAY OF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, President of 
Poplar, Inc., the Sole Member of 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC 
2017 
HONORABLE DAWN L. HENRY, COMMISSIONER 
DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
EFTA00807756

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807757.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00807757

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807758.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
ORDER COMPELLING EPSTEIN TO PRODUCE SETTLEMENT AMOUNTS 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court for hearing on December 7, 2017. The Court, having 
heard argument of counsel hereby, 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that: 
1. 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") shall produce to Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards") the total gross settlement amounts Epstein paid to 
alleged victims for the periods of (1) December 6, 2007 to December 6, 2009 and (2) December 
7, 2009, through the present. 
2. 
The amounts shall be produced as "Confidential, for Attorneys' Eyes Only," and 
shall not be disclosed to anyone else or used outside of this litigation. 
3. 
If a party intends to disclose, rely on or use information or documents that have been 
deemed "Confidential, for Attorneys' Eyes Only," in papers filed with the Court or verbally in 
connection with a motion, hearing, deposition or trial, before any such information is quoted, 
disclosed, relied upon or used, the party must provide 15 days prior written notice to the other 
party and must file a Motion to have the information or documents deemed to be no longer 
confidential, must file the information or documents under seal in accordance with Administrative 
EFTA00807758
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jay Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Compelling Epstein to Produce Settlement Amounts 
Page 2 
Order 2.303-9/09 and have the proposed quote, disclosure, reliance or use of such information or 
documents heard and approved by the Court. 
4. 
The Court defers rulings on the admissibility of the settlement amounts and the 
production of the underlying Settlement Agreements with alleged victims who were not 
represented by Edwards. The Court also defers ruling on whether there will be any further 
disclosure of any breakdown of the settlement amounts paid by Epstein. 
5. 
Epstein shall file a new Motion addressing separately the admissibility of the 
settlement amounts of Edwards' three clients and the other alleged victims who were not 
represented by Edwards. The Motion should also address Epstein's position as to the production 
of the Settlement Agreements and outline the confidentiality provisions governing those 
agreements. 
6. 
The parties shall schedule a 30-minute hearing on Epstein's Motion. Edwards shall 
respond to the Motion in accordance with this Court's judicial instructions. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
day 
of December, 2017. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
SERVICE LIST 
EFTA00807759
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Compelling Epstein to Produce Settlement Amounts 
Page 3 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Co-Counsel for DefendantlCounter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffee, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, 
. 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33401 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Angela M. Many 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807760

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807761.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
M., individually, 
Defendants. 
ORDER GRANTING MOTION TO PERMIT BRADLEY J. EDWARDS TO TAKE THE 
LIMITED DEPOSITION OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
THIS CAUSE having come to be considered upon Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") 
Motion to Permit Bradley J. Edwards to Take the Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein, and the 
Court, having reviewed the file, considered the arguments of counsel, and being fully advised in 
the premises, it is hereby ORDERED and ADJUDGED that the motion is GRANTED as stated 
on the record and summarized as follows: 
Edwards may depose Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") regarding the following topics related to 
the 700+ exhibits disclosed by Epstein on the eve of trial, which include materials to which 
Edwards has asserted privilege, as well as reasonable follow-up questions related thereto: 
I. Whether and to what extent Epstein reviewed any of the documents prior to March, 
2018; 
2. Whether and to what extent Epstein reviewed any of the documents after March, 2018; 
EFTA00807761
--- PAGE 2 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition ofJeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and M. 
Case No.: 502009CA040800YOMMBAG 
3. Whether and to what extent Epstein has complied with the Court's Order striking the 
exhibits and ordering all copies, in any form, to be destroyed; 
4. Whether and to what extent Epstein has shared any of the documents, including 
specifically any privileged materials, with any third-parties; and 
5. Which, if any materials derived from the 700+ exhibits that Epstein plans to use or rely 
upon at trial. Epstein may avoid questions on this topic if there is a stipulation on the 
record that he is not testifying at the upcoming trial. 
6. 
DONE AND ORDERED at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, this 
day of 
, 2018. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
Copies have been furnished to all counsel on the attached counsel list. 
EFTA00807762
--- PAGE 3 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and M. 
Case No.: 502009CA040800YOOOCMBAG 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Kare
nDavid P. Vitale Jr. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley PA 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Plaintiff(s) 
Bradle 
Edwards,
i
 Es
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: dai 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldber er, Es uire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm B 
FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Se al, Es uire 
• 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807763
--- PAGE 4 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and M. 
Case No.: 502009CA040800YOOOCMBAG 
Scott J. Link, Esquire 
Link & Rockenbach, 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Esquire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: ( 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00807764

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807765.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT OF 
THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendants. 
ORDER GRANTING MOTION TO PERMIT BRADLEY J. EDWARDS TO TAKE THE 
LIMITED DEPOSITION OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
THIS CAUSE having come before the Court for hearing on May 23, 2018, upon Bradley 
J. Edwards' ("Edwards") Motion to Permit Bradley J. Edwards to Take the Limited Deposition of 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the Court, having reviewed the file, considered the arguments of counsel, and 
being fully advised in the premises, it is hereby ORDERED and ADJUDGED that the Motion is 
GRANTED as stated on the record and summarized as follows: 
Edwards may take the limited deposition of Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") regarding the 49 
exhibits identified on Epstein's Clerk's Trial Exhibit List which Edwards claims are privileged. 
The Court recognizes that no judge has made a determination that the exhibits are, in fact, 
privileged and that Epstein has requested an in camera inspection of them. Epstein's deposition 
shall be limited to the following topics: 
1. 
Whether and to what extent Epstein reviewed any of the 49 exhibits prior to March 
2018: 
EFTA00807765
--- PAGE 2 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition ofJeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and L.M. 
Case No.: 502009CA040800YOMMBAG 
2. 
Whether and to what extent Epstein reviewed any of the 49 exhibits after March 
2018; 
3. 
Whether Epstein has any knowledge regarding compliance with the Court's verbal 
rulings on the record at the March 8, 2018, hearing concerning destruction of those 
documents Edwards has claimed are privileged; 
4. 
Whether and to what extent Epstein has shared any of the 49 exhibits with anyone 
other than his attorneys and their staff; and 
5. 
Which, if any, of the alleged 49 exhibits Epstein plans to testify about at trial. 
Epstein may avoid questions on this topic if there is a stipulation on the record that 
he is not testifying at the upcoming trial or, if testifying, not planning on testifying 
about any of the 49 exhibits. 
Epstein's deposition shall be conducted in this matter at the same time his deposition is 
conducted in the bankruptcy proceeding. Epstein's counsel may assert objections, as appropriate, 
including attorney-client privilege, work product and Fifth Amendment objections. Epstein's 
answering of any specific question as ordered, however, will not be raised or relied upon in this 
matter or any other by Edwards or any Intervenors, nor construed by this Court, as a waiver of his 
attorney-client privilege, work product or his Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment Rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution and Article I, Sections 2, 9 and 16 of the Florida 
Constitution with respect to any other question asked of him or to any subject matter relating to 
any answers Epstein may provide at this deposition. 
EFTA00807766
--- PAGE 3 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition ofJeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and L.M. 
Case No.: 502009CA040800YOMMBAG 
DONE AND ORDERED at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, this 
day of 
, 2018. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
Copies have been furnished to all counsel on the attached counsel list. 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Te 
David P. Vitale Jr. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley PA 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Attorneys for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
Edwards Pottin er LLC 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Attorneys for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldber er, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
EFTA00807767
--- PAGE 4 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and L.M. 
Case No.: 502009CA040800YOOOCMBAG 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561) 659-8300 
Fax: (561) 835-8691 
Attorneys for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Segal, Esquire 
Philip M. Burlington 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Scott J. Link, Esquire 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esquire 
Rachel J. Glasser, Esquire 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West 
33401 
Attorneys for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Esquire 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
orneys or e en an 
cott Rothstein 
Paul Cassell, Esquire 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
liWineysorRillervenors L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
EFTA00807768
--- PAGE 5 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition ofJeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and M. 
Case No.: 502009CA040800YOOOCMBAG 
Jay Howell, Esquire 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Attorneys for Limited Intervenors L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
EFTA00807769

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807770.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
H1-1 EENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendants. 
ORDER GRANTING MOTION TO PERMIT BRADLEY J. EDWARDS TO TAKE THE 
LIMITED DEPOSITION OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
THIS CAUSE having come before the Court for hearing on May 23, 2018, upon Bradley 
J. Edwards' ("Edwards") Motion to Permit Bradley J. Edwards to Take the Limited Deposition of 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the Court, having reviewed the file, considered the arguments of counsel, and 
being fully advised in the premises, it is hereby ORDERED and ADJUDGED that the Motion is 
GRANTED as stated on the record and summarized as follows: 
Edwards may take the limited deposition of Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") regarding Epstein's 
possession of Edwards' alleged privileged materials 
the Bankruptcy proceeding 
originating from the disc that is the subject of 
(the "alleged privileged materials"), some of which were identified by 
Epstein as exhibits on his Clerk's Trial Exhibit List. The Court recognizes that no judge has made 
a determination that the exhibits are, in fact, privileged and that Epstein has requested an in camera 
inspection of them. (5/23/18 Tr. 13:9-23.) 
topics: 
Epstein's deposition shall be limited to the following 
EFTA00807770
--- PAGE 2 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and L.M. 
Case No.: 502009CA041800XXXXMBAG 
1. 
Whether and to what extent Epstein reviewed any of the alleged privileged 
materials prior to March 2018 (5/23/18 Tr. 19:7-12); 
2. 
Whether and to what extent Epstein reviewed any of the alleged privileged 
materials after March 2018 (5/23/18 Tr. 19:7-12); 
3. 
Whether Epstein has any knowledge regarding compliance with the Court's verbal 
rulings on the record at the March 8, 2018, hearing regarding destruction of those 
documents Edwards has claimed are privileged (5/23/18 Tr. 19:13-18); 
4. 
Whether and to what extent Epstein has shared any of the alleged privileged 
materials with anyone other than his attorneys (5/23/18 Tr. 19:19-22); and 
5. 
Which, if any, of the alleged privileged materials Epstein plans to use to testify at 
trial. Epstein may avoid questions on this topic if there is a stipulation on the record 
that he is not testifying at trial (5/23/18 Tr. 19:22-20:2). 
Epstein's deposition shall be conducted in this matter on the same date his deposition is 
conducted in the bankruptcy proceeding. Epstein's deposition shall first be conducted in the 
bankruptcy proceeding and then, immediately following, will be conducted in this matter. 
Epstein's counsel may assert objections, as appropriate, including, but not limited to, 
attorney-client privilege, work product and Fifth Amendment objections. Epstein's answering of 
any question, however, will not be raised or relied upon in this matter or any other by Edwards or 
any Intervenors, or any other person or entity, nor will it be construed by this Court, or any other 
court, as a waiver of Epstein's attorney-client privilege, work product protections or Fifth, Sixth 
and Fourteenth Amendment Rights as guaranteed by the United States Constitution and Article I, 
EFTA00807771
--- PAGE 3 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and L.M. 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Sections 2, 9 and 16 of the Florida Constitution, whether in this or any other proceeding, with 
respect to any question asked of him or to any subject matter relating to any answers Epstein may 
provide at this deposition. 
DONE AND ORDERED at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, this 
day of 
 2018. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
Copies have been furnished to all counsel on the attached counsel list. 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Te 
David P. Vitale Jr. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley PA 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409
Attorneys for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00807772
--- PAGE 4 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and L.M. 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
Edwards Pottin er LLC 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
rt Lauderdale. F 
301 
Attorneys for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldber er Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Attorneys for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Segal, Esquire 
Philip M. Burlington 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
ttorneys or e en ant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Scott J. Link, Esquire 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esquire 
Rachel J. Glasser Esquire 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Attorneys for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00807773
--- PAGE 5 ---
Order Granting Bradley J. Edwards' Motion to Take Limited Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, Edwards and L.M. 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Marc S. Nurik, Esquire 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Attorneys for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Paul Cassell, Esquire 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake Cit UT 84112-0730 
ttorneys orLimited Intervenors L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell, Esquire 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Attorneys for Limited Intervenors L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe 
EFTA00807774

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807775.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
AGREED ORDER ALLOWING RETURN OF 
ORIGINAL FILES TO FOWLER WHITE 
THIS MATTER came before the Court upon the agreement of Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") 
and Fowler White Burnett ("Fowler White") concerning the return of Fowler White's original files. 
The Court, being advised of the agreement of Epstein and Fowler White, and being otherwise 
advised in the premises, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that: 
1. 
Epstein and his counsel, Link & Rockenbach, PA, are hereby released from the 
Court's March 8, 2018, oral ruling directing Link & Rockenbach to retain Fowler White's 36 
original boxes of Epstein-related files. 
2. 
Link & Rockenbach shall return the 36 original boxes to Fowler White, at Fowler 
White's expense, with the exception of the disc that is the subject of this Court's April 6, 2018, 
Agreed Order Directing Clerk to Seal Filings and the documents that were contained with that disc 
in Fowler White's files. The disc and the documents shall remain in Link & Rockenbach's files 
until further order of this Court. 
EFTA00807775
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Order Allowing Release of Original Files to Fowler White 
Page 2 
3. 
Upon transfer of the 36 original boxes to Fowler White's courier, Link & 
Rockenbach shall have no further duty, obligation or control to maintain those records. 
4. 
Fowler White is ordered to preserve all 36 boxes in their exact condition and shall 
not destroy or remove any documents absent further order of this Court. 
5. 
This Order is not intended to make a determination of which documents and files 
contained within Fowler White's 36 original boxes are considered "property of the client" nor to 
forego Epstein's right to request his client files from Fowler White in the future pursuant Florida 
Rule of Professional Conduct 4-1.16(d) should he elect to do so. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
day of 
, 2019. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintyf Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00807776
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jefrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Order Allowing Release of Original Files to Fowler White 
Page 3 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for S. 
E.W. and Jane Doe 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for PlaimiffiCounter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
James N. Hurley 
Fowler White Burnett 
1395 Brickell Avenue, 14'h Floor 
Miami, FL 33131 
Counsel for Fowler White 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for 5, 
E.W. and Jane Doe 
EFTA00807777
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Order Allowing Release of Original Files to Fowler White 
Page 4 
EFTA00807778

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807779.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
AGREED ORDER ALLOWING RETURN OF 
ORIGINAL FILES TO FOWLER WHITE 
THIS MATTER came before the Court upon the agreement of Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") 
and Fowler White Burnett ("Fowler White") concerning the return of Fowler White's original files. 
The Court, being advised of the agreement of Epstein and Fowler White, and being otherwise 
advised in the premises, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that: 
1. 
Epstein and his counsel, Link & Rockenbach, PA, are hereby released from the 
Court's March 8, 2018, oral ruling directing Link & Rockenbach to retain Fowler White's 36 
original boxes of Epstein-related files. 
2. 
Link & Rockenbach shall return the 36 original boxes to Fowler White, at Fowler 
White's expense, with the exception of the disc that is the subject of this Court's April 6, 2018, 
Agreed Order Directing Clerk to Seal Filings and the documents that were contained with that disc 
in Fowler White's files. The disc and the documents shall remain in Link & Rockenbach's files 
until further order of this Court. 
EFTA00807779
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Order Allowing Release of Original Files to Fowler White 
Page 2 
3. 
Upon transfer of the 36 original boxes to Fowler White's courier, Link & 
Rockenbach shall have no further duty, obligation or control to maintain those records. 
4. 
This Order is not intended to make a determination of which documents and files 
contained within Fowler White's 36 original boxes are considered "property of the client" nor to 
forego Epstein's right to request his client files from Fowler White in the future pursuant Florida 
Rule of Professional Conduct 4-1.16(d) should he elect to do so. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
day of 
, 2019. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Teny 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaint( Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00807780
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jefrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Order Allowing Release of Original Files to Fowler White 
Page 3 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel fora, 
E.W. and Jane Doe 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
James N. Hurley 
Fowler White Burnett 
1395 Brickell Avenue, 14'h Floor 
Miami, FL 33131 
Counsel for Fowler White 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for M, 
E.W. and Jane Doe 
EFTA00807781
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Order Allowing Release of Original Files to Fowler White 
Page 4 
EFTA00807782

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807783.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
ORDER ON BRIEFING FOR IN CAMERA INSPECTION 
THIS MATTER came before the Court upon Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's 
("Epstein") request for an in camera inspection of 47 e-mails that Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. 
Edwards ("Edwards") claims are privileged. The Court, hereby 
ORDERS AND ADJUDGES as follows: 
I. 
For the sole purpose of briefing a memorandum of law for the in camera 
proceedings, Epstein's counsel may unseal the envelope maintained in their offices of the 
following 47 e-mails Edwards alleges are privileged: 
Ex. No. 
Bates No. 
App. No. 
13-1 
02645 
13-4 
00149 
13-5 
01527 
13-6 
04493-04495 
13-7 
00014 
13-11 
00090 
13-13 
00133 
13-15 
08006 
13-17 
00026 
13-19 
01004 
13-25 
12289 
EFTA00807783
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Briefing for In Camera Inspection 
Page 2 
Ex. No. 
Bates No. 
App. No. 
13-30 
26481 
13-34 
26480 
13-35 
26356 
13-36 
26570 
13-44 
03731-03732 
13-45 
06406-06408 
13-46 
01686 
13-47 
11123-11125 
13-49 
11126-11127 
13-52 
25925 
13-53 
25874 
13-56 
11145 
13-60 
03191-03192 
13-66 
04398-04402 
2,34 
13-67 
04408-04412 
13-86 
26747 
13-88 
08042-08044 
13-89 
26741-26742 
13,15 
13-90 
08059-08061 
13-93 
26756-26758 
13-94 
08036-08038 
13-97 
26762 
13-98 
01117 
13-100 
08121-08123 
13-101 
26749-26752 
13-102 
08128-08130 
13-103 
08118-08120 
13-104 
08131-08133 
13-105 
08124-08126 
13-106 
08135-08138 
13-107 
27494 
13-108 
26760 
13-110 
25997 
13-111 
25937 
13-113 
26604-26605 
13-116 
07019-07021 
EFTA00807784
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Briefing for In Camera Inspection 
Page 3 
2. 
These 47 e-mails may be viewed, over Edwards' objection, by Epstein's attorneys 
of record in this case only and may not be shared with Epstein or anyone else. The Court 
recognizes that Edwards is co-counsel and is the party asserting the privileges at issue. Restrictions 
on viewing the documents do not apply to him. 
3. 
Edwards shall deliver copies of the 47 e-mails at issue to The Honorable Donald W. 
Hafele in a sealed envelope on or before November 9, 2018. 
4. 
On or before November 9, 2018, Epstein shall file a generic Motion for the in 
camera inspection. 
5. 
Separately, Epstein shall file under seal a detailed Memorandum of Law in which 
Epstein's counsel may specifically cite and refer to the 47 e-mails at issue. The Memorandum is 
for attorneys' eyes only and may not be shared with Epstein. Copies of Epstein's Memorandum 
of Law shall be delivered in a sealed envelope to The Honorable Donald W. Hafele and to 
Edwards' counsel. After preparation of the Memorandum, the Memorandum and the allegedly 
privileged documents shall both be sealed pending further order of the Court. Edwards' objections 
to further review of the allegedly privileged documents by anyone acting on behalf of Epstein and 
reference by Epstein's counsel to the contents of the documents prior to a ruling on the propriety 
of Epstein's possession of the e-mails and his late listing of them as trial exhibits are overruled to 
permit the preparation and filing of the sealed Memorandum of Law. 
6. 
On or before November 16, 2018, Edwards shall file his Response Memorandum 
of Law under seal. The Memorandum is for attorneys' eyes only and shall not be shared with 
Epstein. Copies of the Response Memorandum shall be delivered in a sealed envelope to The 
Honorable Donald W. Hafele and Epstein's counsel. 
EFTA00807785
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Briefing for In Camera Inspection 
Page 4 
7. 
The Court shall schedule a hearing on these issues either before or during the week 
of November 26, 2018. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
day of 
November, 2018. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant1Counter-Plainhff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
PlaintiffBradleyJ. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00807786
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Briefing for In Camera Inspection 
Page 5 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
MI= 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for M, 
E.W. and Jane Doe 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211
Limited Intervenor a -Counsel for in , 
E.W. and Jane Doe 
EFTA00807787

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807788.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
Mr I EENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
■., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
ORDER ON COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO STRIKE 
EDWARDS' DISCOVERY OBJECTIONS AND COMPEL RESPONSES 
THIS CAUSE having come to be considered upon COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO STRIKE EDWARDS' DISCOVERY OBJECTIONS AND COMPEL 
RESPONSES, and the Court having reviewed the file and being fully advised in the premises, it 
is hereby, 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that said motion is DENIED. However, Jeffrey Epstein shall 
be permitted to re-depose Bradley Edwards as to the limited matters identified on the record by 
the Court and Bradley Edwards may raise such objections as he considers are appropriate to the 
specific questions that are asked. 
DONE AND ORDERED at West Palm Beach. Palm Beach County. Florida, this  
day of 
 2017. 
DONALD HAFELE 
CIRCUIT JUDGE 
Copies have been furnished to all counsel on the attached counsel list. 
EFTA00807788
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Strike Edwards' Discovery 
Objections and Compel Responses 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack Scarola ES uire 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley PA 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
ttorneys or ra ey .Edwards 
William Chester Brewer Es uire 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
ttorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldber er. Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 
. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
Beach. FL 3 401 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Se al Es uire 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
ttorneys or ra ey .Edwards 
Bradle J. Edwards Esquire 
EFTA00807789
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Strike Edwards' Discovery 
Objections and Compel Responses 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & Lehrman, ■. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fred Haddad. Esquire 
Fred Haddad, 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
ttorneys or e rey pstein 
Tonja Haddad oleman Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
ttorneys ore rey pstein 
Marc S. Nurik Es uire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
ttorneys or cots of stein 
EFTA00807790

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807791.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
ORDER COMPELLING EPSTEIN TO PRODUCE SETTLEMENT AMOUNTS 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court for hearing on December 7, 2017. The Court, having 
heard argument of counsel hereby, 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that: 
I. 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") shall produce to Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards") two statements of gross settlement amounts paid by 
Epstein to individuals who alleged to be victims of sexual misconduct by Epstein, (1) one setting 
forth the total gross settlement amount Epstein paid to alleged victims for the period of December 
6, 2007 to December 6, 2009, and (2) one setting forth the total gross settlement amount Epstein 
paid to alleged victims for the period of December 7, 2009 through the present. 
2. 
The amounts shall be produced as "Confidential, for Attorneys' Eyes Only," and 
shall not, directly or indirectly, be disclosed to anyone else or used outside of this litigation. 
3. 
If a party intends to quote, disclose, rely on or use in this litigation information or 
documents that have been deemed "Confidential, for Attorneys' Eyes Only," whether in papers 
filed with the Court or verbally, in connection with a motion, hearing, deposition or trial, before 
any such information is quoted, disclosed, relied upon or used, the party must provide 15 days 
EFTA00807791
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Compelling Epstein to Produce Settlement Amounts 
Page 2 
prior written notice to the other party and must file a Motion to have the information or documents 
deemed to be no longer confidential, must file the information or documents under seal in 
accordance with Administrative Order 2.303-9/09 and have the proposed quote, disclosure, 
reliance or use of such information or documents heard and approved by the Court. 
4. 
The Court defers rulings on the admissibility of the gross settlement amounts 
disclosed pursuant to this Order and the admissibility of the combined settlement amounts of 
Edwards' three clients for whom Edwards was prosecuting civil cases against Epstein at the time 
Epstein filed the December 7, 2009 lawsuit against Edwards. No production of the underlying 
Settlement Agreements with each of Edwards' three clients or with any other alleged victim is 
required by this Order. The Court defers ruling on whether there will be any further disclosure of 
any breakdown of the settlement amounts paid by Epstein. 
5. 
Epstein shall file a new Motion addressing separately the admissibility of the 
aggregate settlement amount paid to Edwards' three clients and the gross settlement amounts 
disclosed pursuant to this Order. The Motion should also address Epstein's position as to the 
production of any Settlement Agreements underlying any settlements paid by Epstein and outline 
the confidentiality provisions governing those agreements. To the extent that disclosure of any 
such provisions is subject to confidentiality, disclosure shall be made under seal in accordance 
with Administrative Order 2.303-9/09. 
EFTA00807792
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Compelling Epstein to Produce Settlement Amounts 
Page 3 
6. 
The parties shall schedule a 30-minute hearing on Epstein's Motion. Edwards shall 
respond to the Motion in accordance with this Court's judicial instructions. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
day 
of December, 2017. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffee, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale FL 33401 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00807793
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Compelling Epstein to Produce Settlement Amounts 
Page 4 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
MS' 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Angela M. Many 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Trial Counsel for PlaintiffiCounter-Defendant 
Jay Epstein 
EFTA00807794

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807795.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
ORDER COMPELLING EPSTEIN TO PRODUCE SETTLEMENT AMOUNTS 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court for hearing on December 7, 2017. The Court, having 
heard argument of counsel hereby, 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that: 
I. 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") shall produce to Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards") two statements of gross settlement amounts paid by 
Epstein to individuals who alleged to be victims of sexual misconduct by Epstein, (1) one setting 
forth the total gross settlement amount Epstein paid to alleged victims for the period of December 
6, 2007 to December 6, 2009, and (2) one setting forth the total gross settlement amount Epstein 
paid to alleged victims for the period of December 7, 2009 through the present. 
2. 
The amounts shall be produced as "Confidential, for Attorneys' Eyes Only," and 
shall not, directly or indirectly, be disclosed to anyone else or used outside of this litigation. 
3. 
If a party intends to quote, disclose, rely on or use in this litigation information or 
documents that have been deemed "Confidential, for Attorneys' Eyes Only," whether in papers 
filed with the Court or verbally, in connection with a motion, hearing, deposition or trial, before 
any such information is quoted, disclosed, relied upon or used, the party must provide 15 days 
EFTA00807795
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Compelling Epstein to Produce Settlement Amounts 
Page 2 
prior written notice to the other party and must file a Motion to have the information or documents 
deemed to be no longer confidential, must file the information or documents under seal in 
accordance with Administrative Order 2.303-9/09 and have the proposed quote, disclosure, 
reliance or use of such information or documents heard and approved by the Court. 
4. 
The Court defers rulings on the admissibility of the gross settlement amounts 
disclosed pursuant to this Order and the admissibility of the combined settlement amounts of 
Edwards' three clients for whom Edwards was prosecuting civil cases against Epstein at the time 
Epstein filed the December 7, 2009 lawsuit against Edwards. No production of the underlying 
Settlement Agreements with each of Edwards' three clients or with any other alleged victim is 
required by this Order. The Court defers ruling on whether there will be any further disclosure of 
any breakdown of the settlement amounts paid by Epstein. 
5. 
Epstein shall file a new Motion addressing separately the admissibility of the 
aggregate settlement amount paid to Edwards' three clients and the gross settlement amounts 
disclosed pursuant to this Order. The Motion should also address Epstein's position as to the 
production of any Settlement Agreements underlying any settlements paid by Epstein and outline 
the confidentiality provisions governing those agreements. To the extent that disclosure of any 
such provisions is subject to confidentiality, disclosure shall be made under seal in accordance 
with Administrative Order 2.303-9/09. 
EFTA00807796
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Compelling Epstein to Produce Settlement Amounts 
Page 3 
6. 
The parties shall schedule a 30-minute hearing on Epstein's Motion. Edwards shall 
respond to the Motion in accordance with this Court's judicial instructions. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
day 
of December, 2017. 
THE HONORABLE DONALD W. HAFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffee, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale FL 33401 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00807797
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Compelling Epstein to Produce Settlement Amounts 
Page 4 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
MS' 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Angela M. Many 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Trial Counsel for PlaintiffiCounter-Defendant 
Jay Epstein 
EFTA00807798

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807799.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS and ST. JOHN 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC, and LSJE, LLC, 
v. 
PROSOLAR SYSTEMS, LLC, 
Plaintiffs, 
Defendant. 
CIVIL NO. ST-2019-CV-057 
COMPLAINT 
FOR 
BREACH 
OF 
CONTRACT & FRAUD 
REPORT OF PARTIES' PLANNING MEETING PURSUANT TO 
VIRGIN ISLANDS RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE 16 AND 26(f) 
1. 
Participants: 
Pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 16 and 26(f), counsel for the parties have conferred and 
agreed on the matters set forth below. Participating in the preparation of and 
agreeing to this report are the following: 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin, PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
for Plaintiffs 
DOUGLAS L. CAPDEVILLE, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Douglas L. Capdeville, P.C. 
2107 Company Street, Lot 4 
Christiansted, VI 00820 
for Defendant 
2. 
Pre-Discovery Disclosures: 
The parties will exchange by April 30, 2019, the information required by V.I. 
R. Civ. P. 26(a)(1). 
3. 
Discovery Plan: 
The parties jointly propose to the court the following discovery plan: 
Discovery will be needed on the following subjects: 
- factual bases of the allegations stated in the complaint; 
EFTA00807799
--- PAGE 2 ---
Parties Planning Meeting Report 
Page 2 
the extent of the damages claimed by the plaintiff; and 
the defenses asserted by the defendants. 
A. 
Written discovery: 
All written discovery shall be propounded by May 15, 2019, and 
responded to by June 15, 2019. 
B. 
Fact witness depositions: 
All fad witness depositions shall be completed by October 30, 2019. 
Maximum number of depositions as provided by V.I. R. Civ. P. 30 
(a)(2)(A)• 
Duration of depositions as provided by V.I. R. Civ. P. 30(d)(1). 
C. 
Expert discovery 
Reports from retained experts under Rule 26(a)(2) due: 
- from plaintiff by January 15, 2020; 
- from defendants by March 15, 2020. 
Expert witness depositions shall be completed by July 1, 2020. 
4. 
Other Items: 
Mediation shall be scheduled prior to January 1, 2020. 
A post-mediation status conference shall be set by the Court. 
Settlement can be evaluated at any time during the pendency of the action. 
Final lists of witnesses and exhibits shall be provided as directed by the Court. 
The case should be ready for trial on a date set by the court at the final 
pretrial conference. 
EFTA00807800
--- PAGE 3 ---
Parties Planning Meeting Report 
Page 3 
Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin, PLLC 
DATED: 
BY: CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
V.I. Bar 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, VI 00802. 
Law Offices of Douglas L. Capdeville,.. 
DATED: 
BY: DOUGLAS L. CAPDEVILLE, ESQ. 
Attorney for Defendant 
V.I. Bar 
2107 Company Street, Lot #4 
P. O. Box 224191 
Christiansted, VI 00820 
Tele hone: 
EFTA00807801

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807802.pdf
----------------------------------------
I0 
RUTAN & TUCKER, LLP 
Richard K. Howell (State Bar No. 
rhowell@rutan.com 
Anton • ou evar 
Costa Mcsa, C 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
ate Bar No. 
Bar No. 
, Suite 1400 
is 
-1931 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
PROTEMPO LIMITED 
ELECTRONICALLY 
FILED 
Superior Court of California. 
County of San Francisco 
12/22/ 
2O17 
Clerk of the Court 
BY DAVID YU! N 
Deputy Clerk 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
FOR THE COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO 
PROTEMPO LIMITED, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
ALIPHCOM, INC. d/b/a JAWBONE, a 
California corporation, HOSAIN RAHMAN, an 
individual, JASON CHILD, an individual, and 
DOES 1 through 10, inclusive 
Defendants. 
Case No. CGC-17-559617 
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT FOR: 
(1) Promissory Fraud; 
(2) Fraud and Intentional Deceit; 
(3) Negligent Misrepresentation; 
(4) Breach of Contract (Direct Claims); 
(5) Unjust Enrichment; 
(6) Breach of Warranty; 
(7) Conversion; 
(8) Account Stated; 
(9) Open Book Account; 
(10) Breach of Contract (Assigned Claims); 
(11) Account Stated (Assigned Claims); 
(12) Open Book Account (Assigned Claims); 
(13) Violation of Penal Code section 496(a). 
RlItail 11 Tucker, LLP 
attorneys et taw 
2152/033019-0002 
11786640.1 912/2107 
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807802
--- PAGE 2 ---
Plaintiff Protempo Limited ("Protempo") alleges the following on information and belief: 
INTRODUCTION 
I. 
This action concerns the fraudulent and otherwise wrongful conduct of defendants 
AliphCom, Inc. cl/b/a Jawbone ("Jawbone"), its Chief Executive Officer Hosain Rahman 
("Rahman"), and its Chief Financial Officer, Jason Child ("Child"), in making or directing the 
making of materially false statements and promises to Protempo before Protempo contracted with 
Jawbone, to induce Protempo to pay Jawbone at least $1.9 million, making or directing the 
making of false statements and promises of performance in the parties' contract itself, and 
thereafter breaching that contract. Rahman and Child knew the statements were false when they 
were made, and knew Jawbone would not and could not perform when the false promises were 
made, but nevertheless participated in, directed, and authorized the making of the false statements 
and promises. Then, when Protempo and Jawbone entered into their agreement, Jawbone 
breached the agreement in numerous respects. As a result of Jawbone, Rahman and Child's 
fraudulent and wrongful conduct, Protempo has incurred millions of dollars in damages for which 
Protempo now seeks to hold the Defendants accountable. 
PARTIES 
2. 
Protempo is, and at all material times mentioned herein was, a New Zealand 
corporation authorized to do business and doing business in California. 
3. 
Jawbone is, and at all relevant times herein mentioned was, a California 
corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of California, and 
which has its principal place of business in the State of California, County of San Francisco. 
4. 
Rahman is, and at all relevant times mentioned herein was, an individual residing in 
the State of California, County of San Francisco. Rahman, at all relevant times mentioned herein, 
was serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Jawbone. 
5. 
Child is, and at all relevant times mentioned herein was, an individual residing in 
the State of California, County of San Francisco. Child, at all relevant times mentioned herein, 
was serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Jawbone. 
6. 
Protempo is presently unaware of the true names and capacities of defendants Does 
&Wart & Tucker. LLP 
attorneys et taw 
2152(01)019-0002 
11786640 1 412/21/17 
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807803
--- PAGE 3 ---
through 10, inclusive, and therefore sues these defendants by such fictitious names. Protempo 
will amend this Complaint to show the true names and capacities of such fictitiously-named 
defendants when the same have been ascertained or upon proof at trial. Protempo is informed and 
believes and based thereon alleges that each of the fictitiously-named defendants is in some 
capacity legally responsible for the events and damages alleged herein. 
7. 
At all relevant times mentioned herein, certain of the defendants, including the Doe 
defendants, were acting as the partners, agents, servants, employees, alter egos, successors or 
predecessors in interest, or conspirators, of others of the defendants, and were acting within the 
course and scope of such relationship, with the knowledge, express or implied, of each such other 
named defendant. Protempo sometimes refers to Jawbone, Rahman, Child and Does 1 through 10 
herein collectively as "Defendants." 
OPERATIVE FACTS 
8. 
Protempo contracts with electronics manufacturers to remarket excess or trailing-
edge but still functional and salable products. 
9. 
Jawbone was at one time considered a richly-valued maker of wearable gadgets and 
wireless speakers. By mid-2016, however, unbeknownst to Protempo, Jawbone was on 
increasingly shaky financial footing, as it struggled to pay key vendors and keep inventory in 
stock. 
10. 
On or about April 29, 2016, Protempo entered into an agreement (the "Original 
Agreement") with Jawbone whereby Jawbone promised to provide brand-new products free and 
clear of all encumbrances in exchange for payment by Protempo. Child signed the Original 
Agreement on behalf of Jawbone. A true and correct copy of the Original Agreement is attached 
hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit A. 
11. 
On June 2, 2016 and June 9, 2016, the parties amended the Original Agreement to 
add additional products which Jawbone would sell to Protempo. True and correct copies of these 
amendments arc attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibits B and C. 
12. 
In August and September 2016, both Rahman and Child engaged in and directed 
negotiations with Protempo for entry into a third amendment to the Original Agreement to sell 
RuLin L Tucker, LLP 
attorneys at law 
2152/0330194002 
11786640.1 al2/21/17 
-3-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807804
--- PAGE 4 ---
I1 
Protempo what Jawbone represented was an additional $2.1 million of purportedly brand-new, 
unencumbered products, ready for distribution. However, during the course of those negotiations, 
Rahman and Child made and directed, approved, ratified and encouraged the making of several 
misrepresentations and false promises, with the knowledge — shared by Rahman and Child and 
others at Jawbone — that the statements were false and that Jawbone would not and could not 
perform as promised. 
13. 
On or about September II, 2016, Rahman and Child directed Steve Jordan of 
Jawbone in writing and otherwise to encourage Protempo to immediately purchase a remaining 
Jawbone inventory of products — which Jawbone had set aside to meet customer warranty claims —
in Tijuana, Mexico, so that Jawbone could quickly receive from Protempo a cash infusion to 
continue Jawbone's flagging operations and meet overdue payment obligations to Jawbone's 
vendors. 
14. 
In a September 12, 2016 e-mail, Mr. Jordan wrote to Adam Brown of Protempo 
that Rahman and Child "are looking to sell all remaining customer care units" to Protempo, 
attaching an inventory of new, customer care units supposedly available for sale to Protempo. 
15. 
On September 14, 2016, following the parties' negotiations and Defendants' 
making of the false statements and promises alleged herein, Jawbone and Protempo entered into 
their third amended agreement ("Amended Agreement") whereby Jawbone promised to sell an 
additional $2,121,161 worth of products to Protempo. A true and correct copy of the Amended 
Agreement is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit D. 
16. 
More specifically, between August 27, 2016 and September 14, 2016 (among other 
times), at both Rahman's and Child's direction, and with their approval, ratification and 
encouragement, Jawbone made numerous false statements and promises to Protempo, including, 
but not limited to, the following: 
• 
During a face-to-face meeting in San Francisco on or about August 27, 2016. Mr. 
Jordan of Jawbone informed Adam Brown. Adam Burke and Mark Priscott of 
Protempo that Jawbone had an inventory of brand-new products available for sale 
to Protempo. On or about September 10. 2016. and again on or about September 
Rutan a Tucker. LIP 
attorneys at taw 
2152/011019.0002 
11786640.1 012421/17 
-4-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807805
--- PAGE 5 ---
11, 2016, via e-mail and video conference calls, Mr. Jordan of Jawbone represented 
to Adam Brown and Mark Priscott of Protemno that the products discussed on 
August 27,2016 were new, functioning. re-sellable, and available for immediate 
purchase by and delivery to Protemno, and were suitable for resale to Protempo's 
network of distributors. 
o These representations were further set forth at Exhibit A of the Amended 
Agreement, identifying $2,121,161 worth of specified products to be sold 
S 
and made available to Protempo. The Amended Agreement also 
incorporated and reaffirmed the representations set forth at Section 5.3.1, 
I 0 
subsection (c) of the Original Agreement, stating that "the Products arc 
1 
brand new and are not refurbished or used stock." The Amended 
12_ 
Agreement additionally incorporated and reaffirmed the Original 
Agreement's statement that "Jawbone holds all right, title, and interest in 
and to the Products, and the Products are free and clear of all liens, security 
interest, and other third party claims to ownership of the Products" (Ex. A, 
§ 5.2.1(b)). 
o The true facts — of which Rahman and Child were aware when they directed 
the false representations be made, and when Child signed the Amended 
Agreement, and Rahman directed that the Amended Agreement be signed 
were that: 
• The products were subject to a lien in favor of North American 
Production Sharing, Inc. ("NAPS"), as a result of Jawbone's failure 
to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in storage and handling fees; 
• As a result of Jawbone's intention not to pay and failure to pay its 
outstanding invoices to NAPS, NAPS would not release the 
products to Protempo; 
• Jawbone did not have $2,121,161 worth of products available for 
Protempo, and several months after entry into the Amended 
Pular & 
LLP 
attorneys a: ISW 
2152/033019-0002 
11736640.1 312/21117 
-5-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807806
--- PAGE 6 ---
1 
I2 
I5 
Agreement, had only delivered a fraction of the products Protempo 
was promised; 
• Jawbone was short thousands of units to be provided to Protempo, 
many of which were units that were not fit for retail sales and did 
not pass quality tests; and, 
• Many of the same products promised to Protempo were already 
committed to use by Jawbone to fulfill customer warranty claims. 
• 
During a September 11.2016 video conference. Mr. Jordan reiterated to Adam 
Brown of Protempo that the products were brand-new, in working order. and could 
be and would be subject to warranties Jawbone would honor as to Protempo's 
distributor customers. 
o These representations were further set forth in the Amended Agreement, 
which provided (as incorporated from the Original Agreement and 
reaffirmed in the Amended Agreement) that "the Products are brand new 
and are not refurbished or used stock" (Ex. A, § 5.2.1(c)); and that 
"Jawbone offers a limited warranty to end-user purchasers of its Products . . 
. . Distributor shall direct end-user purchasers to Jawbone for resolution of 
any Product warranty claims" (Ex. A, § 5.2.2). 
o The true facts — of which Rahman and Child were aware when they directed 
the false representations be made, and when Child signed the Amended 
Agreement, and Rahman directed that the Amended Agreement be signed —
were that: 
• The products were significantly aged, and were highly defective or 
otherwise inoperative, and could not be re-sold; 
• The products had an exorbitantly high rate of consumer complaints, 
thus reinforcing that the products were significantly faulty and/or 
not in working condition; and, 
• Jawbone was not honoring warranties on its products, and had no 
Rutan 6 Tuck•,. LIP 
allOmayS at law 
2152,0330194002 
11786(40.1 912/21/11 
-6-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807807
--- PAGE 7 ---
S 
I 2 
I5 
IS 
intention of honoring warranties on the products Defendants 
intended that Protempo purchase. 
• 
During the e-mails, videoconferences and meetings taking place on September 10, 
and 12, 2016 (among other times), Mr. Jordan and Matt DeBenedetti, among 
others at Jawbone, represented to the identified Protempo emaoyees that the 
products Jawbone intended that Protempo purchase would be delivered or made 
available by Jawbone in a timely fashion, and in time for Protempo to have the 
products for the crucial holiday sales season. 
o Exhibit A to the Amended Agreement likewise identified $2,121,161 worth 
of specified products to be sold and made immediately available to 
Protempo. 
o The true facts — of which Rahman and Child were aware when they directed 
the false representations be made, and when Child signed the Amended 
Agreement, and Rahman directed that the Amended Agreement be signed —
were that: 
■ 
Shipment of the products was dependent on funding from Jawbone; 
and, 
■ 
Jawbone would not be able to timely pay its vendors, which would 
delay shipment of the products. 
17. 
Rahman and Child knew these statements were false and that Jawbone would not 
and could not keep these promises to Protempo; nevertheless, Child signed the parties' 
agreements, and Rahman directed that the agreements be signed with knowledge of their falsity 
and Jawbone's intention not to perform and inability to perform. 
18. 
Immediately following the parties' entry into the Amended Agreement, Protempo 
paid Jawbone the full required $1,910,794, and expected to timely receive the brand-new, 
unencumbered products it had been promised and had purchased. 
19. 
Only after Jawbone had taken Protempo's $1,910,794 payment did Protempo 
discover that Defendants' representations and promises were false. 
Rutin it Tucker. LLP 
attorneys at law 
2152/033019-0002 
117866401a12/21)11 
-7-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807808
--- PAGE 8 ---
I5 
20. 
NAPS refused to release the products Protempo had purchased absent payment in 
full of Jawbone's $450,000 debt for overdue storage and handling fees. Despite repeated requests 
by Protempo to Jawbone to pay Jawbone's debt to NAPS so Protempo could obtain the products it 
had purchased, Jawbone refused, leaving Protempo with no viable alternative but to pay NAPS the 
$450,000 on Jawbone's behalf to obtain release of Protempo's products and allow Protempo to 
fulfill its own obligations to downstream distributors. NAPS and Protempo executed a contract 
("Assignment of Debt") by which NAPS assigned its entire right, title, and interest in Jawbone's 
debt to Protempo. 
21. 
As a result of Jawbone's false representations and promises, and its failure to pay 
NAPS to allow release of the products, the products were delivered to Protempo late, causing 
Protempo to miss out on sales during the crucial holiday season and to lose Protempo's largest 
deal with a distributor. 
22. 
When Protempo finally received and could inspect the products it purchased under 
the Amended Agreement, it discovered that $129,624 worth of products were missing. 
Additionally, after taking delivery of the products and providing them for distribution, Protempo 
discovered for the first time that numerous batches of Jawbone's UP2 wearable fitness product 
were dead on arrival (including, for example, dead irreplaceable batteries and other malfunctions) 
and the products experienced massive failure rates. 
23. 
Rahman, Child and others at Jawbone nevertheless led Protempo to believe 
otherwise and withheld information from Protempo in negotiating the parties' agreement, 
committing a blatant "bait and switch" involving millions of dollars of faulty and encumbered 
products in a desperate attempt to obtain the immediate cash infusion Jawbone required to pay its 
mounting debts. 
24. 
Jawbone's actions have caused significant injury to Protempo. To date, $1,234,621 
worth of Jawbone's UP2 product purchased by Protempo under the parties' agreements are 
defective and unsellable. In addition to its resulting financial damages, Protempo has suffered 
significant disruptions to its business and to several of its important relationships with distributors 
and others. Jawbone has also refused to reimburse Protempo the $450,000 debt that Protempo was 
Rut an a newer. Li, 
at f OrneyS at law 
2152/033019-0002 
1146640.1 e12121111 
-8-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807809
--- PAGE 9 ---
forced to pay NAPS in order to secure the release of the purchased products; failed to deliver the 
missing products totaling $129,624; and failed to take any action to remedy the product shortfall, 
such as refunding Protempo's overpayment or delivering the promised products. Jawbone has 
also failed to fix or otherwise address or remedy the numerous defective products it sold to 
Protempo. 
25. 
Protempo's damages are on-going and far exceed the jurisdictional minimum of 
this Court. Despite oral and written demands by Protempo, Defendants have failed and refuse to 
compensate Protempo for its damages. 
FIRST CAUSE OF ACTION 
(For Promissory Fraud Against All Defendants) 
26. 
Protcmpo reallcges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 25, above, 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
27. 
Between August and September 2016, at both Rahman's and Child's direction, and 
with their involvement, approval, ratification and encouragement, Defendants made the false 
promises of performance, orally (in face-to-face meetings and phone calls), and in writing 
(including by e-mail), to Protempo's identified employees, including but not limited to Adam 
Brown, Mark Priscott, and others, as set forth at Paragraph 16 of this Complaint. 
28. 
At the time Defendants made the promises to Protempo, Defendants had no 
intention of performing them. 
29. 
Defendants made their promises with the intent to induce Protempo to pay its $1.9 
million to Jawbone and enter into the Amended Agreement. 
30. 
Protempo, at the time the promises were made and at the time Protempo took the 
actions herein alleged, was ignorant of Defendants' secret intention not to perform, and Protempo 
could not, in the exercise of reasonable diligence, have discovered Defendants' secret intention. 
In reliance on Defendants' promises, Protempo paid its $1.9 million to Jawbone and entered into 
the Amended Agreement. If Protempo had known of Defendants' actual intentions, Protempo 
would not have taken such actions. 
31. 
Defendants failed to abide by their promises as herein alleged, including but not 
Ru1an a Tucht,1.1.1. 
attcrneys et low 
2152/033019.0002 
11786640107121/17 
-9-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807810
--- PAGE 10 ---
I5 
limited to as alleged at Paragraph 16 of this Complaint. 
32. 
As a proximate result of Defendants' fraudulent conduct, Protempo has and \\ill 
continue to suffer general, consequential, and compensatory damages, as alleged above. 
33. 
The acts of Defendants were done with a conscious disregard of Protempo's rights, 
and with the specific intent to defraud Protempo into providing an up-front payment of $1,910,794 
and to pay other sums, such as to constitute fraud, oppression and malice under California Civil 
Code section 3294. By virtue of Defendant's willful and wrongful conduct, Protempo is entitled 
to punitive and exemplary damages. 
SECOND CAUSE OF ACTION 
(For Fraud And Intentional Deceit Against All Defendants) 
34. 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 33, above, 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
35. 
Between August and September 2016, at both Rahman's and Child's direction, and 
with their involvement, approval, ratification and encouragement, Defendants made the false 
statements and misrepresentations, orally (in face-to-face meetings and phone calls), and in 
writing (including by e-mail), to Protempo's identified employees, including but not limited to 
Adam Brown, Mark Priscott, and others, as set forth at Paragraph 16 of this Complaint. 
36. 
The representations made by Defendants were in fact false, and the true facts were 
as set forth at Paragraph 16. 
37. 
When Defendants made their representations, they knew them to be false and made 
these representations with the intention to deceive and defraud Protempo and to induce Protempo 
to pay its $1.9 million to Jawbone and enter into the Amended Agreement, or with the expectation 
that Protempo would so act. 
38. 
Protempo, at the time Defendants made their representations and at the time 
Protempo took the actions herein alleged, was ignorant of the falsity of Defendants' 
representations and believed them to be true. In reliance on these representations, Protempo was 
induced to and did pay its $1.9 million to Jawbone and entered into the Amended Agreement. 
Had Protempo known the actual facts, it would not have taken such actions. Protempo's reliance 
Roan A Tucker. LIP 
AffOrlityS at law 
-10-
21321033019-0002 
11786601 012/21/17 
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807811
--- PAGE 11 ---
on Defendants' representations was justified because, inter alia, Protempo could not, in the 
exercise of reasonable diligence, have discovered the true facts (for example, the products at issue 
were stored on other continents, and their condition was known only to Defendants, and Protempo 
was without the necessary internal information for Jawbone). 
39. 
As a proximate result of Defendants' fraudulent conduct, Protempo has and will 
continue to suffer general, consequential, and compensatory damages, as alleged above. 
40. 
The acts of Defendants were done with a conscious disregard of Protempo's rights, 
and with the specific intent to defraud Protempo into providing an up-front payment of $1,910,794 
and to pay other sums, such as to constitute fraud, oppression and malice under California Civil 
Code section 3294. By virtue of Defendant's willful and wrongful conduct, Protempo is entitled 
to punitive and exemplary damages. 
THIRD CAUSE OF ACTION 
(For Negligent Misrepresentation Against All Defendants) 
41. 
Protempo rcalleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 40 above, 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
42. 
Between August and September 2016, at both Rahman's and Child's direction, and 
with their involvement, approval, ratification and encouragement, Defendants made the false 
statements and misrepresentations, orally (in face-to-face meetings and phone calls), and in 
writing (including by e-mail), to Protempo's identified employees, including but not limited to 
Adam Brown, Mark Priscott, and others, as set forth at Paragraph 16 of this Complaint. 
43. 
As set forth at Paragraph 16 of this Complaint, the information Defendants 
provided to Protempo was in fact false. The true facts, of which Protempo was ignorant, were that 
(i) the products were subject to NAPS' claim for substantial unpaid fees; (ii) NAPS would not 
release the products until its unpaid fees were paid; (iii) Jawbone did not have the inventory to 
fulfill its agreement with Protempo; and (iv) many of the products were inoperative and highly 
defective. 
44. 
If Defendants did not intentionally lead Protempo to believe false information as 
alleged above, then Defendants had no reasonable grounds to believe the information they 
Rutin 8 Tucker, LLP 
8110/1/0y$ at law 
3152/071019.0002 
11786610.1 812/21/17 
-Il-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807812
--- PAGE 12 ---
provided was true. 
45. 
Defendants intended for Protempo to rely on such negligent misrepresentations, 
and Protempo did reasonably rely on the misrepresentations as alleged above. 
46. 
As a direct, proximate, and foreseeable result of Defendants' conduct, Protempo 
has and will continue to suffer general, consequential, and compensatory damages, as alleged 
above. 
FOURTH CAUSE OF ACTION (DIRECT CLAIMS) 
(For Breach of Contract Against Jawbone and DOES 1-10) 
47. 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 46, above. 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
48. 
On or about September 14, 2016 Protempo entered into the Amended Agreement 
with Jawbone, whereby Jawbone promised to provide brand-new products free and clear of all 
encumbrances in exchange for payment in the amount of $2,121,161 by Protempo. 
49. 
Protempo has performed all terms, conditions, and agreements on its part to be 
performed under the Amended Agreement. 
50. 
Jawbone has materially breached its obligations to Protempo under the Agreement 
by failing to deliver $129,624 worth of products which Protcmpo purchased, and failing to honor 
the warranties set forth in the Agreement, among other breaches. 
51. 
The Amended Agreement contains an implied covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing, which includes a covenant that neither party will deprive the other party of the intendcd 
benefits of the agreement. When a condition in a contract involves the performance of an act 
within the control of a party, the party has a duty to make a good faith effort to satisfy the 
condition. 
52. 
As a result of the conduct alleged above, and in particular, failing to deliver the full 
product for which Protempo paid, Jawbone breached the implied covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing. 
53. 
As a direct and proximate result of Jawbone's breach of the Amended Agreement, 
Protempo has been damaged in an amount to conform to proof at trial, but in no event less than 
Rutan & Tucker. UP 
attorneys at taO' 
21521073019-0001 
117866401 412/21/17 
-12-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807813
--- PAGE 13 ---
$129,624, plus any and all accrued interest. 
FIFTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(For Unjust Enrichment Against Jawbone and DOES 1-10) 
54. 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 53, above, 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
55. 
By virtue of its wrongful conduct toward Protempo alleged above, and specifically, 
as a result of its failure to compensate Protempo for its out-of-pocket expenditures (including 
payment of Jawbone's $450,000 debt to NAPS), Jawbone has been unjustly enriched. 
56. 
It would be manifestly unjust for Jawbone to retain any of the benefits it has gained 
through its wrongful conduct. Subject to and as alleged above, unless the Court orders restitution 
to Protempo, Jawbone will unjustly benefit from its actions. 
SIXTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(For Breach of Warranty Against Jawbone and DOES 1-10) 
57. 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 56, above, 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
58. 
Pursuant to the Original Agreement and each of its subsequent amendments, 
Jawbone represented and warranted that products were unencumbered, were brand-new and not 
refurbished, and were not previously used. 
59. 
Jawbone breached the express warranties contained in the parties' agreements 
regarding the quality of product sold to Protempo by delivering to Protempo products that were 
dead on arrival and products which showed massive failure rates. In particular, the UP2 products 
Jawbone sold to Protempo contained faulty batteries incapable of holding a charge. As a result of 
such breaches, Protempo did not receive products as warranted by Jawbone. 
60. 
After discovering the defects in the products sold and delivered to Protempo in 
breach of Jawbone's express warranties, Protempo timely informed Jawbone both orally and in 
writing of such breaches and of the nature of the damages suffered by Protempo as a result of such 
breaches. Despite such notice, Jawbone has failed and refused and continues to fail and refuse to 
respond to such notice or to otherwise compensate Protempo for the damages it has suffered. 
Puna 14 Tustin, LLP 
attorneys at law 
21521033019.0002 
11786640 1312/21/17 
-13-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807814
--- PAGE 14 ---
I 
61. 
As a direct and proximate result of Jawbone's breaches of warranties to Protempo, 
Protempo has been damaged in an amount in excess of the jurisdictional minimum of this Court. 
Protempo will establish the full nature and extent of its damages according to proof at the time of 
trial, but currently believes its damages to exceed $1,234,621. 
62. 
In addition to the monetary damages it has suffered, as a direct and proximate result 
of Jawbone's decision to intentionally place a significant amount of knowingly defective and 
faulty product into the market, Protempo has also suffered significant business disruptions and 
related losses. 
SEVENTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(For Conversion Against Jawbone and DOES 1-10) 
63. 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 62, alio% e. 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
64. 
Protempo has, and at all times relevant herein did have, the immediate right to 
possession of the products for which it paid. 
65. 
By the conduct alleged in this Complaint, Jawbone knowingly and intentionally 
interfered with Protempo's property by refusing, without justification, to turn over possession to 
Protempo of the products which Protempo purchased, despite the fact that the products lawfully 
belong to Protempo. Jawbone has no rights to Protempo's property and is wrongfully retaining 
and refusing to deliver Protempo's property despite multiple proper demands from Protempo that 
the property be delivered. 
66. 
As a direct and proximate result of Jawbone's unlawful conversion, Protempo has 
suffered and will continue to suffer actual damages, including costs incurred attempting to 
mitigate damages, and legal costs and expenses. Protempo is entitled to immediate possession of 
the property (Le., the products it purchased) in an amount to be proven at trial. 
67. 
The acts and omissions of Jawbone were knowing, intentional, malicious, and 
oppressive, and were done with the intent and design to damage Protempo. For these reasons, 
Protempo is entitled to recover punitive damages in an amount to be determined at the time of 
trial. 
Rutin 8 tutkor.I.LP 
attorneys et ?SW 
71524013019-0003 
117866401612,21/17 
-14-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807815
--- PAGE 15 ---
II 
EIGHTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(For Account Stated Against Jawbone and DOES 1-10) 
68. 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 67, above, 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
69. 
Within the last two years, Jawbone became indebted to Protempo on an account 
stated in the amount of at least $450,000. 
70. 
Protempo is informed and believes and on that basis alleges that although repeated 
demands for payment have been made and Jawbone admitted that it owed the $450,000 and 
promised to pay that amount, the principal sum due to Protempo — currently $450,000, plus 
interest thereon at the maximum legal rate according to proof— remains due, owing, and unpaid 
from Jawbone to Protempo on an account stated. 
NINTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(For Open Book Account Against Jawbone and DOES 1-10) 
71. 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 70 above, 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
72. 
Within the last year, Jawbone has become indebted to Protempo on an open book 
account in the principal sum of $579,624, which includes Jawbone's unpaid debt of $450,000 to 
NAPS and the $129,624 worth of products Jawbone failed to deliver to Protempo. 
73. 
Protempo has kept an account of the debits and credits involved in the transactions. 
Although repeated demands for payment have been made, as of the date of this Complaint, there is 
now due, owing, and unpaid the principal sum of $579,624 together with interest accruing thereon. 
TENTH CAUSE OF ACTION (ASSIGNED CLAIMS) 
(For Breach of Contract Against Jawbone and DOES 1-10) 
74. 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 73, above. 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
75. 
Pursuant to the Assignment of Debt, NAPS "grant[ed], assign[ed], transfer[ed] and 
set[] over unto [Protempo] its entire right, title and interest in and to the Debt, including without 
limitation, all rights, benefits and advantages of [NAPS] to be derived therefrom[.]" Protempo is 
Rutin 4 Tudor, LLP 
attorneys at law 
2132,013019.0002 
11796640.1 al 2,21/17 
-15-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807816
--- PAGE 16 ---
I0 
II 
informed and believes and based thereon alleges that NAPS acquired a warehouseman's lien on 
the products Jawbone was storing in its facility. 
76. 
As a result of the Assignment of Debt, Protempo is entitled to enforce NAPS's 
warehouseman's lien to the extent allowed by applicable law. 
77. 
Protempo is informed and believes and based thereon alleges that NAPS and 
Jawbone had an agreement, by which Jawbone was required to pay NAPS for all storage and 
handling fees NAPS incurred from storing Jawbone's products. 
78. 
Protempo is informed and believes and based thereon alleges that NAPS has 
performed all terms, conditions, and agreements on its part to be performed under the agreement, 
except for those that were excused, waived, and/or discharged by Jawbone's conduct, including 
Jawbone's fraud and deceit, or which Jawbone is prevented or estopped to assert. 
79. 
Jawbone has breached its obligations to NAPS by failing to pay $450,000 in 
storage and handling fees. 
80. 
Protempo is informed and believes and based thereon alleges that the agreement 
between NAPS and Jawbone contained an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, which 
includes a covenant that neither party will deprive the other party of the intended benefits of the 
agreement. When a condition in a contract involves the performance of an act within the control 
of a party, the party has a duty to make a good faith effort to satisfy the condition. 
81. 
As a result of the conduct alleged above, and in particular, failing to pay NAPS the 
storage and handling fees, Jawbone breached the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 
82. 
As a direct and proximate result of Jawbone's breach of its obligations to pay its 
storage and handling fees, NAPS, and by assignment, Protempo, has been damaged in an amount 
to conform to proof at trial, but in no event less than $450,000, plus any and all accrued interest. 
ELEVENTH CAUSE OF ACTION (ASSIGNED CLAIMS) 
(For Account Stated Against Jawbone and DOES 1-10) 
83. 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 82 above, 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
84. 
Pursuant to the Assignment of Debt, NAPS "grant[ed], assignred), transfer[ed] and 
Rusin a Tudor, LLP 
attorneys of law 
21521033019.0002 
11766640.1 a12/21/17 
-16-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807817
--- PAGE 17 ---
sell] over unto [Protempo] its entire right, title and interest in and to the Debt, including without 
limitation, all rights, benefits and advantages of [NAPS] to be derived therefrom[.]" 
85. 
Within the last two ycars, Jawbone became indebted to NAPS on an account stated 
in the amount of at least $450,000. 
86. 
Protempo is informed and believes and on that basis alleges that although repeated 
demands for payment have been made and Jawbone admitted that it owed $450,000 and promised 
to pay that amount, the principal sum due to NAPS, and by assignment, to Protempo — currently 
$450,000, plus interest thereon at the maximum legal rate according to proof — remains due, 
owing, and unpaid from Jawbone to NAPS, and by assignment, Protempo on an account stated. 
TWELFTH CAUSE OF ACTION (ASSIGNED CLAIMS1 
(For Open Book Account Against Jawbone and DOES 1-10) 
87, 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 86, above, 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
88. 
Pursuant to the Assignment of Debt, NAPS "grant[ed], assign[ed], transfer[cd] and 
seta over unto [Protempo] its entire right, title and interest in and to the Debt, including without 
limitation, all rights, benefits and advantages of [NAPS) to be derived therefrom[.]" 
89. 
Within the last year, Jawbone has become indebted to NAPS, and by assignment. 
Protempo on an open book account in the principal sum of $450,000. 
90. 
NAPS, and by assignment, Protempo has kept an account of the debits and credits 
involved in the transactions. 
91. 
Although repeated demands for payment have been made, as of the date of this 
Complaint, there is now due, owing and unpaid the principal sum of $450,000 together with 
interest accruing thereon. 
THIRTEENTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Violation of Penal Code section 496(a) Against All Defendants) 
92. 
Protempo realleges and incorporates by reference Paragraphs 1 through 91, above, 
as if set forth in their entirety. 
93. 
Defendants induced Protempo to remit payment of $1,910,794 under false 
Rutin I Inciter, LLP 
attOrneys at law 
21521033019-0002 
11786640 1212f/1/17 
-17-
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807818
--- PAGE 18 ---
1? 
I5 
Iti 
pretenses as alleged herein, including but not limited to as set forth at Paragraphs 12 through 18. 
Therefore Defendants obtained Protempo's money in a manner constituting theft pursuant to Penal 
Code section 496(a). 
94. 
Penal Code section 496(c) permits a person who has been injured by a violation of 
Penal Code section 496(a) to bring a civil action pursuant thereto for treble damages. 
95. 
As a direct and proximate cause of the foregoing acts and omissions of Defendants, 
Protempo been damaged in an amount to be proven at trial, but not less than $1,910,794. 
96. 
Pursuant to Penal Code section 496(c), such sum shall be trebled. Plaintiffs are 
informed and believe that Defendants liability therefore exceeds $5,732,382. 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, Protempo prays for judgment against Defendants as follows: 
1. 
For damages in an amount to conform to proof at trial, but no less than $1,814,245; 
2. 
For interest in the maximum amount allowed by law; 
3. 
For treble damages pursuant to Penal Code section 496(e); 
4. 
For exemplary and punitive damages pursuant to Civil Code section 3294; 
5. 
For attorneys' fees and costs of suit incurred herein as may be allowed by law; and 
6. 
For such other and further relief as the court deems just and proper. 
I )ated: December 22, 2017 
Rutin & rud,x, LLP 
attorneys et low 
-18-
2152/0330194002 
I 17166i0.I al2/21/17 
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
EFTA00807819
--- PAGE 19 ---
EXHIBIT A 
EFTA00807820
--- PAGE 20 ---
DocuSign Enveope ID: CE6E53F8-24C2-4B98-8306-. 
C89959845 
NON-EXCLUSIVE SALES & DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 
This NON-EXCLUSIVE SALES & DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT ("Agreement"), is effective as of April 29, 2016 
("Effective Date") by and between ALIPUCOM, dba Jawbone, a California corporation, with offices at 99 Rhode Island 
St., San Francisco, CA 94103 USA ("Jawbone") and PROTEMPO LIMITED, a New Zealand corporation, with offices at 21 
Taylors Road, Momingside, Auckland 1025, New Zealand ("Distributor"). 
1. 
Products & Pricing. 
Products. Jawbone and Distributor are entering into a non-exclusive commercial relationship for the distribution 
and sale in the Territory to Distributor of the Jawbone-branded products ("Products"), as further set forth on 
Exhibit A. Jawbone may, in its sole discretion, and without incurring any liability to Distributor, change the 
features, or discontinue the sale, of any of the Products, provided Jawbone provide at least 6 months notice 
before any information becomes public regarding the discontinuing of support for the Jawbone app. Additional 
Jawbone products may be added to this Agreement only upon the mutual written agreement of the parties. 
Distributor shall be permitted to sell the Products to and through its own authorized resellers and shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that its authorized resellers perform in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement, and to monitor for and inform Jawbone of any deviances. 
1.2. 
Prices. Prices are defined on Exhibit A. Jawbone will not offer price protection or other support for the Products 
should market prices change. 
1.3. 
No Returns. Subject to Section 5.2.1(c) and except in respect of Rejected Goods (as defined herein), no returns 
are authorized for the Products for any reason. 
1.4. 
Exclusivity: Right of First Refusal; Subject to Section 1.5 below and except for direct sales to Jawbone's 
corporate wellness customers in connection with Jawbone's corporate wellness program, Jawbone will not sell or 
agree to sell Products to any customer other than Distributor for the period between the Effective Date through 
July 31, 2016 ("Exclusivity Period"). Following the Exclusivity Period and through December 31, 2016, in the 
event that Jawbone wishes to sell any additional quantities of Products beyond the amounts set forth on Exhibit 
A, Distributor shall have a right of first refusal ("ROM") for thirty (30) days to purchase such Products. The 
ROFR will begin upon Jawbone submitting a written offer via email for Products to Distributor, and all other 
terms of this Agreement will apply to such offer. In the event of expiration or Distributor's rejection of the 
ROFR, Jawbone is free to sell the Products to any other third parties, provided that the terms offered to third 
parties are substantially the same as those offered to Distributor. For clarification, the offering of amended terms 
or prices for the purchase of Products on more favourable terms shall constitute a new offer and Distributor shall 
receive a new ROFR. 
1.5. 
Sales on Jawbone's Web Store. Notwitbstandin an thin to the contra 
in this Agreement, Jawbone will 
continue selling Products on its own web store 
("Jawbone Web Store"). Uoless 
otherwise a eed 
in writing by Distributor, Jawbone will offer the Products at prices at or above the 
"Minimum 
' prices set forth in the table on Exhibit A. 
2. 
Order Process & Shipping. 
2.1. 
PO Submission. Distributor shall purchase Products by issuing one or more Purchase Orders ("POs") via email 
to the address specified in Exhibit B, or as otherwise specified in writing by Jawbone. The PO shall be signed 
by Distributor's authorized representative. The PO shall specify ordered Products, Jawbone's product number, 
any internal product numbers assigned by Distributor, quantity, unit price, total price of order per Product, 
complete shipping address and instructions, PO number, line item number, Distributor point of contact 
information, and any other special instructions. 
2.2. 
PO Acceptance: All POs from Distributor are subject to acceptance by written confirmation by Jawbone. 
Jawbone is under no obligation to accept any PO. Jawbone shall, in writing within five (5) business days of 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00807821
--- PAGE 21 ---
DoteSign Envelope ID: EE6C53r0-24C2-489R-0374-:. 
..:89959845 
receipt, accept a PO or offer a proposed modification to the PO terms. Except as otherwise agreed in writing by 
the Parties, accepted POs are non-cancellable. This Agreement applies to all quotations made and POs accepted 
by Jawbone and is an integral part of the sales contract between Jawbone and Distributor. Whenever this 
Agreement conflicts with or is expanded or added to by any terms and conditions of Distributor's purchase order, 
this Agreement shall govern and supersede the terms and conditions of Distributor's PO. 
2.3. 
Shipping; Delivery. Jawbone shall ship Products FOB Origin to one of three shipping points located in the 
America or EMEA designated by Jawbone (each, a "Jawbone FOB Point") as set forth in Exhibit A. The 
Jawbone FOB Point shall be determined on a case-by-case basis depending on the nearest location for the 
inventory of Products requested by Distributor. Jawbone is responsible for shipping costs to the Jawbone FOB 
Point, and Distributor is responsible for any and all shipping costs thereafter. For purposes of this Agreement, 
"Delivery" shall occur once the Products are delivered to the Distributor's carrier at the Jawbone FOB Point. 
Title and risk of loss for damage to the Products passes to Distributor upon Delivery. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, as between Distributor and Jawbone, title to any software incorporated in the products remains with 
Jawbone. Jawbone shall use commercially reasonable efforts to Deliver the Products within the delivery date(s) 
specified on the applicable accepted Purchase Order. Delivery date(s) to be mutually agreed by the parties. 
Within three (3) business days of the Distributor receiving the Products at the Jawbone FOB Point as specified 
on the accepted Purchase Order, those goods having been released to the freight forwarder of the Distributor, 
("Inspection Period"), Distributor shall notify Jawbone and Jawbone's outside legal counsel referred to in 
Section 3 below of any Products that do not conform with the accepted Purchase Order; to the representations set 
forth in Section 5.2.1; which have been delivered damaged due to inadequate packing by Jawbone; or which 
were delivered more than 10 days after the agreed delivery date ("Rejected Products"). Distributor agrees that, 
alter the Inspection Period, and except for any Rejected Products, all other Products shall be deemed irrevocably 
accepted ("Product Acceptance"). 
3. 
Payment; Taxes. Jawbone shall invoice Distributor for each accepted PO at the address set forth in Exhibit B. 
Following acceptance by Jawbone of a PO, payment in U.S. dollars shall be deposited by Distributor into Jawbone's outside 
legal counsel's escrow account (the "Escrow") pursuant to the payment instructions set forth on Exhibit B and provided that 
Jawbone's outside legal counsel has entered into the undertaking set out in Exhibit C. Payment into the Escrow for the full 
amount of Products subject to the accepted PO is required in advance of shipping. Upon Product Acceptance, Distributor will 
timely notify via email Jawbone's outside legal counsel to release the corresponding amount of funds in Escrow to Jawbone. 
If Products that are the subject of the accepted PO are not Delivered by Jawbone within ten (10) business days of Distributor 
paying funds into Escrow, or if the Distributor provides written notification of Rejected Products as set forth in Section 2.3 
above, then outside legal counsel will immediately refund the corresponding amount of the funds to the Distributor and, in the 
case of Rejected Products, Distributor will immediately return such Rejected. Products to Jawbone at the Jawbone FOB Point 
Distributor shall be responsible for payment of all taxes (other than taxes based on Jawbone's income), fees, duties (not 
including import and customs duties), and other governmental charges, and any related penalties and interest, arising from the 
payment of the Product price to Jawbone or delivery of Product to Distributor. 
4. 
Confidentiality. On August 19, 2015, the parties executed a Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement ("NDA"), the terms 
and conditions of which are incorporated herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the terms of this Agreement are Confidential 
Information (as that term is defined in the NDA). 
5. 
Representation and Warranties. 
5.1. 
By Distributor. Distributor represents, warrants, and covenants to Jawbone that: (a) it has the authority to enter 
into the Agreement, and that the persons signing the Agreement on behalf of Distributor arc authorized to sign; 
and (b) it shall not make any false or misleading representations about Jawbone or the Product(s). 
5.2. 
By Jawbone. 
5.2.1. 
Jawbone represents, warrants, and covenants to Distributor that: (a) it has the authority to enter into the 
Agreement, and the persons signing the Agreement on behalf of Jawbone are authorized to sign; (b) as 
of the date of this Agreement, Jawbone holds all right, title, and interest in and to the Products, and the 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00807822
--- PAGE 22 ---
DecoSign Envelope ID: EE6E53F8-24C2-4096-8306, 
X39959845 
Products are free and clear of all liens, security interest, and other third party claims to ownership of the 
Products; and (c) the Products are brand new and are not refurbished or used stock. 
5.2.2. 
Jawbone offers a limited warranty to end-user purchasers of its Products as further described in the user 
manual and at httas://iawbone.com/warranty. Distributor shall direct end-user purchasers to Jawbone 
for resolution of any Product warranty claims. Except as set forth in this Section 5.2.2, no other 
warranties apply to the Products. 
5.2.3. 
Exclusive Warranties. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, THE FOREGOING 
WARRANTIES ARE DISTRIBUTOR'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE WARRANTJES. JAWBONE SPECIFICALLY 
DISCLAIMS THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 
6. 
Termination. This Agreement shall terminate on December 31, 2016. Either party may terminate this Agreement in 
the event of a material breach which is not cured within five (5) days notice to the party in breach. All terms that by their 
nature should survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement shall survive where necessary to effectuate the intent of 
the parties. 
7. 
Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, IN NO EVENT SHALL JAWBONE OR ITS 
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES WHATSOEVER 
(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, OTHER COMMERCIAL LOSS, OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE 
GOODS), EVEN IF JAWBONE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF 771E POSSIBILITY OP SUCH POTENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT 
SHALL JAWBONE'S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE 
CONSIDERATION PAID BY DISTRIBUTOR TO JAWBONE I IEREUNDER. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS CUMULATIVE, WITH ALL 
PAYMENTS FOR CLANS IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT BEING AGGREGATED TO DETERMINE SATISFACTION OF 771E 
LIMIT. THE EXISTENCE OF ONE OR MORE CLAIMS SHALL NOT ENLARGE THE LIMIT. DISTRIBUTOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE 
PRICE CHARGED TO DISTRIBUTOR HEREUNDER FOR THE PRODUCTS REFLECTS THE ALLOCATION OF RISK SET PORN IN THE 
AGREEMENT AND THAT JAWBONE WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THE AGREEMENT WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS ON ITS LIABILITY. 
IN ADDITION, JAWBONE DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY OF ANY KIND ON BEHALF OF JAWBONE'S SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS. 
8. 
Miscellaneous.
8.1. 
No Relationship. Nothing set forth in this Agreement creates or shall be deemed to create a partnership, joint 
venture, or agency relationship between Distributor and Jawbone. Distributor's relationship to Jawbone is that of 
an independent contractor, neither party is an agent or partner of the other, and nothing contained in the 
Agreement shall be construed to give either party the power to direct or control the day-to-day activities of the 
other. Distributor shall not have, and shall not represent to any third party that it has, any authority to act on 
behalf of Jawbone. All financial obligations associated with Distributor's business are the responsibility of 
Distributor. 
8.2. 
Licenses and Bacon. Distributor agrees to comply with all applicable laws, including export laws. Distributor 
shall obtain any required non-U.S. governmental authorizations, including without limitation any import licenses 
and foreign exchange permits, from the appropriate authorities. Distributor shall provide proof of compliance 
with required non-U.S. governmental authorization to Jawbone upon request. 
8.3. 
Notices. Notices to Distributor and Jawbone hereunder must be given by personal delivery or overnight courier 
to Distributor at 21 Taylors Road, Morningside, Auckland, New Zealand, Attn Mark Priscott and to Jawbone at 
Rhode Island St., San Francisco, CA 94103 USA, Atm: General Counsel. 
8.4. 
Waiver: Severabilitv. The failure of a party to require performance by the other party of any provision of the 
Agreement does not affect the (1111 right to require such performance at any time thereafter; nor does a waiver by 
either party of a breach of any provision thereof a waiver of the provision itself. The invalidity or 
unenforceability of any provision set forth herein do not in any way affect the validity or enforceability of any 
other provision. 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00807823
--- PAGE 23 ---
DocuSignEnvelopeaCESES3F8-24C2489842406-, 289959845 
8.5. 
Force Majeure, In no event shall either party be responsible for any breach of the Agreement (except the 
payment of money owed) due to the occurrence of any events beyond its reasonable control, including, but not 
limited to war, insurrection, governmental action, acts of God, or any other similar causes beyond the control of 
a party, provided that such party uses reasonable efforts, under the circumstances, to notify the other party of the 
circumstances causing the delay and to resume performance as soon as possible. 
8.6. 
General. This Agreement, including any Exhibits and documents referred to herein or attached hereto, 
constitutes the entire and exclusive statement of agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter 
and it supersedes any prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications between the parties. In the event 
of conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any Exhibit hereto, the terms of the Agreement 
shall govern. Neither party may assign this Agreement without the other party's prior written consent (not to be 
unreasonably withheld). Any attempted assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be void. This Agreement 
may only be modified by a written document executed by the parties. This Agreement shall be construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles. The United 
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to the Agreement. Each 
party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California located in San 
Francisco County and the courts of the United States in the Northern District of California for the purpose of any 
suit, action or other proceeding arising out of the Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby; provided, 
however, that either party may take action in any court having jurisdiction to protect its Confidential Information 
and intellectual property rights. The official text of the Agreement (and any Exhibits thereto or notice submitted 
hereunder) shall be in English. In the event of any dispute concerning the construction or meaning of the 
Agreement, reference shall be made only to the Agreement as written in English and not to any translation into 
another language. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed. 
Distributor 
Signature: 
[.-- Demisliwdfri,
AkArt Prisatt 
Jawbone F
riovrnw-
.36-Set",  Oast 
Signature:  
Printed Name: Mark Priscott 
Printed Name: Jason Child 
Title: General Manager 
Title: Chief Financial Officer 
Date: 
4/29/2016 
Date: 
Page 4 of 4 
4/29/2016 
EFTA00807824
--- PAGE 24 ---
DowSign Envelope ID: EE6E53r8.24C24B88.8306-. a9991845 
EXHIBIT A 
Products: 
Product 
Price 
Units 
Cash Payment 
Minimum 
Prices 
MINI 
$39.00 
49,582 
$1,933,698 
129.99 
UP4 (version as of 4/28/2016) 
$25.75 
11,553 
$297,490 
119.99 
UP3 (version as of 4/28/2016) 
$29.00 
204,716 
$5,936,764 
99.99 
UP2 Rope 
$18.00 
118,126 
$2,126,268 
79.99 
UP2 
$17.00 
54,685 
$929,645 
79.99 
UP MOVE Black 
$10.00 
10,000 
$100,000 
S 
49.99 
UP Move Colors 
$6.50 
154,649 
$1,005,219 
49.99 
Total 
603,311 
$12,329,083 
Territory: Worldwide 
Jawbone FOB 
Point: 
Americas 
EMEA -1MM EU EMEA - Luzern 
( APAC 
2290 Enrico Fermi 
Dr, Suite 19 
San Diego, CA 
92154 
Logistic1c9 areal 
Westpoint D2 
Hale 3, 6.p. 1070 
Lozomo 900 55 
Slovak Republic 
Blancbardstown 
Business & 
Technology Park 
Snugborough 
Road 
Dublin 15 
[TBD)
Ver. 20071127 
)21729 v2/CD 
EFTA00807825
--- PAGE 25 ---
DocuSIgn Envelope ID: EEEIES3F8,2402-489B113Dt 
,C59959845 
EXHIBIT B 
ADDRESSES AND PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS 
Distributor Addresses 
an bone Addresses 
Send invoices to: 
Distributor Name: Protempo Limited 
Distributor Address: 
Taylors Road, Morningside, Auckland, New 
Zealand 
finance®protempo.com 
Send Distributor Purchase Orders to: 
and 
or as otherwise directed by Jawbone in writing 
Escrow ItiformatIon: 
General Trust Account 
City National Bank 
San Francisco Private Client Services 
150 California Street, Suite 1200 
San Francisco CA 94111 
ABA  
Swift o c: 
I 
6L 
Account Name: Coo/ 
LLP Attorney Trust Account 
Account 
Wire Details: FBO AliphCom 
Payment Instructions: Payment is due prior to shipping of Products. Payment shall be by wire in U.S. 
dollars. Wire instructions for the Escrow will be sent in an encrypted email, and Distributor will need4o 
sign into the Cooley LLP email gateway to retrieve the wire instructions. 
321729 v2tC0 
EFTA00807826
--- PAGE 26 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: EESE53F8.24C2-4(3984330t 
.C89959845 
EXHIBIT C 
ESCROW AGENT UNDERTAKING 
Ladies and Gentlemen, 
Cooley LLP ("Cooley") is counsel to Aliphcom d/ib/a Jawbone ("Jawbone") from time to time on 
a variety of matters. It has come to Cooley's attention that Jawbone and Protempo Limited ("Protempo") 
are contemplating a transaction in the form attached to this letter (*Agreement") and that, in connection 
with the Agreement, the parties would like Cooley to provide an escrow account ("Escrow") for handling 
payment of monies owed. 
In this regard, Cooley agrees to bold in the Escrow any monies paid by Protempo in connection 
with the Agreement. Cooley will only release such funds from the Escrow to Jawbone or Protempo as 
required by Section 3 of the Agreement and only and strictly as required by Section 3 of the Agreement. 
Cooley agrees to release funds to Jawbone or Protempo immediately upon receiving Protempo's 
instructions regardin Product Ace tance or Rejected Products. All communications to Cooley shall be 
sent via email to 
The parties acknowledge and agree that Cooley is not acting as a fiduciary or agent to Jawbone, 
Protcmpo, or any other third party with respect to any funds deposited into the Escrow, and Cooley 
accepts no fiduciary duties with respect to these funds. 
Sincerely, 
Craig D. Jacoby 
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED. 
JAWBONE 
e--DbouSIgned by: 
,'x.5014. Cita 
%-402.3
o 
PROTEMPO 
-.
00nuepn•a by: 
hot eviscie 
3r 1729 
I 729 v2/C0 
EFTA00807827
--- PAGE 27 ---
EXHIBIT B 
EFTA00807828
--- PAGE 28 ---
DoeuSIgn Envelope ID: 13A553538-1873-4C7E-5861- 
3A88438ca 
AMENDMENT NO.1 TO 
NON-EXCLUSIVE SALES & DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 
This Amendment No. 1 ("Amendment") to that certain Agreement (as herein defined) is entered 
into as of June 2, 2016, (tbe "Amendment Effective Date") by and between AliphCom, dba Jawbone, a 
California corporation, with offices at 99 Rhode Island St., San Francisco, CA 94103 USA ("Jawbone") 
and Protempo Limited, a New Zealand corporation, with offices at 21 Taylors Road, Morningside, 
Auckland 1025, New Zealand ("Distributor"). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have 
the meaning specified in the Agreement. 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS Jawbone and Distributor previously entered into a Non-Exclusive Sales & 
Distribution Agreement dated April 29, 2016 (the "Agreement"); and 
WHEREAS the panics would like to add additional Products to be sold under the Agreement; 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby amend the Agreement as set forth below: 
I. 
Section I.I. shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
1.1 Products. Jawbone and Distributor arc entering into a non-exclusive commercial 
relationship for the distribution and sale in the Territory to Distributor of the Jawbone-
branded products ("Products"), as further set forth on an Exhibit A. Additional Jawbone 
products may be added to this Agreement only upon the mutual written agreement of the 
parties and by adding an additional Exhibit A (e.g., Exhibit A-1, Exhibit A-2, etc.) with 
any corresponding details for such transaction. Each Exhibit A (e.g., Exhibit A, Exhibit 
A-1, Exhibit A-2, etc.) shall collectively be defined as "Exhibit A." Jawbone may, in its 
sole discretion, and without incurring any liability to Distributor, change the features, or 
discontinue the sale, of any of the Products, provided Jawbone provide at least 6 months 
notice before any information becomes public regarding the discontinuing of support for 
the Jawbone app. Distributor shall be permitted to sell the Products to and through its 
own authorized resellers and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that its 
authorized resellers perform in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and to 
monitor for and inform Jawbone of any deviances. 
2. 
Exhibit A-I (attached hereto) is hereby added to the Agreement. 
3. 
Except as expressly amended herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall 
remain in full force and effect. 
(signature page follows) 
321729 v2/CO 
EFTA00807829
--- PAGE 29 ---
DocuSign Erveiope ID: 6A5S3538-1873-4C7E-8861• 
MI3643804 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, 
each of the undersigned 
parties has caused this Amendment to be 
executed and delivered as of the Amendment 
Effective Date. 
Distributor [
Oecteigned by: 
Signature:kalif
 rivelf
upir.11. 
Printed Name: Mark Priscott 
Title: General Manager 
Date: 6/9/2016 
)2O29 v2,CO 
Jawbone 
OecuSloned Irr 
c
e
Signature 
imijo s Oath 
ZWAMIA5F4S1... 
Printed Name: Jason Child 
Title: CFO 
Date 
6/9/2016 
EFTA00807830
--- PAGE 30 ---
DowSion Envelope ID: 6A553538-1873-4C7E•8881• 
3A/30438C4 
EXHIBIT A-1 
Products: 
' ,1: 6 
4:24;2016 
Product 
Price 
Pre-packed 
units 
To be 
packed units 
Total Units 
Cash 
Payment 
Minimum 
Jawbone.com 
prtces 
UP2 Rope 
514.40 
13,126 
46,874 
60,000 
$864,000 
579.99 
UP3 (version as 
of 4/28/2016) 
$23.20 
24,380 
22,620 
47,000 
$1,090,400 
$99.99 
GRAND 
TOTALS 
37,506 
• 
69,494 
107,000 
51,954,400 
Payment Terms: Notwithstanding the payment instructions in Section 3 of the Agreement, payment for 
the Products set forth on this Exhibit A-1 shall be in the form of a direct cash payment to Jawbone 
pursuant to the wire instructions set forth below. Payment-in-full by Distributor for all Products subject 
to this Exhibit A-1 is due by June 9, 2016. Jawbone will not ship the Products until payment-in-full is 
received. Distributor shall be responsible for payment of all taxes (other than taxes based on Jawbone's 
income), fees, duties (not including import and customs duties), and other governmental charges, and any 
related penalties and interest, arising from the payment of the Product price to Jawbone or delivery of 
Product to Distributor. 
Wire Instructions: 
Company Name: AliphCom 
Bank: Wells Fargo Bank 
Bank Account 
Routing / ABA II 
Beneficiary: AliphCom 
SWIFT: WFBIUS6S 
Address: WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. PO BOX 
63020, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94163 
Jawbone POE Point: 
Americas 
EMEA — IMM EU 
EMEA - Luzern 
APAC 
2290 Enrico Fermi Dr., 
Suite 19 
San Diego, CA 92154 
LogistickY areal 
Westpoint D2 
Hala 3, e.p. 1070 
Lozomo 900 55 
Slovak Republic 
Blanchardstown 
Business & 
Technology Park
Snugborough Road 
Dublin 15 
[TBD) 
321729 v2/CD 
EFTA00807831
--- PAGE 31 ---
EXHIBIT C 
EFTA00807832
--- PAGE 32 ---
[locoSign Envelope ID: 6A553538-1873-4C7E-886M 
ABB438De 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO 
NON-EXCLUSIVE SALES & DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 
This Amendment No. 2 ("Second Amendment") to that certain Agreement (as herein defined) is 
entered into as of June 9, 2016, (the "Second Amendment Effective Date") by and between AliphCom, 
dba Jawbone, a California corporation, with offices at 99 Rhode Island St., San Francisco, CA 94103 
USA ("Jawbone") and Protempo Limited, a New Zealand corporation, with offices at 21 Taylors Road, 
Momingside, Auckland 1025, New Zealand ("Distributor"). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined 
herein shall have the meaning specified in the Agreement. 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS Jawbone and Distributor previously entered into a Non-Exclusive Saks & 
Distribution Agreement dated April 29, 2016 (the "Agreement"), and a First Amendment to the 
Agreement dated June 2, 2016 (the "First Amendment," and together with the Agreement, the 
"Agreement"); WHEREAS the parties would like to add additional Products to be sold under the 
Agreement; 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby amend the Agreement as set forth below: 
1. 
Exhibit A-2 (attached hereto) is hercby added to the Agreement. 
2. 
Except as expressly amended herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall 
remain in full force and effect. 
(signature page follows) 
121729 v2/O3 
EFTA00807833
--- PAGE 33 ---
DoneDien Envelope ID: 6A553538-1873-4C7E-68614 
AD8438C4 
TN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned parties has caused this Second Amendment to 
be executed and delivered as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
Distributor 
E
at:aped by: 
Signature: 
Atarfe visa+ 
Jawbone LOcctagred 
by: 
Signature: 
.3MCIA, UAL 
079906.1.5e491. 
Printed Name: Mark Priscott 
Printed Name: Jason Child 
Title: General Manager 
Tide: CFO 
Date: 6/9/2016 
Date: 6/9/2016 
321729 v2/CO 
EFTA00807834
--- PAGE 34 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 6ASS3538-1/373-407E-8861-I. 
ABBOBC4 
EXHIBIT A-2 
Products:
Ship by: 
6/22/2016 
Payment due by: 
6/9/2016 
Product 
Price 
Total Units 
Cash Payment 
alb 
prices 
ERA 2.0 
$7.20 
1,995 
$14,364 
N/A 
ERA 2.0-SB 
$18.00 
218 
$3,924 
N/A 
ICON 
S4.80 
558 
$2,678 
N/A 
JAMBOX 
$13.03 
2,554 
$33,279 
N/A 
JB2X 
$3.60 
$277 
N/A 
MINI JAMBOX 
$31.98 
13,781 
$440,716 
$129.99 
UP24 
57.65 
624 
$4,774 
N/A 
GRAND TOTALS 
19,807 
$500,012 
Payment Terms: Notwithstanding the payment instructions in Section'3 of the Agreement, payment for 
the Products set forth on this Exhibit A-2 shall be in the form of a direct cash payment to Jawbone 
pursuant to the wire instructions set forth below. Payment-in-fa by Distributor for all Products subject 
to this Exhibit A-I is due by June 9, 2016. Jawbone will not ship the Products until payment-in-full is 
received. Distributor shall be responsible for payment of all taxes (other than taxes based on Jawbone's 
income), fees, duties (not including import and customs duties), and other governmental charges, and any 
related penalties and interest, arising from the payment of the Product price to Jawbone or delivery of 
Product to Distributor. 
Wire Instructions: 
Company Name: AliphCom 
Bank: Wells Fargo Bank 
Bank Account #: 
Routing / ABA # 
Beneficiary: AliphCom 
SWIFT: WFBIUS6S 
Address: WELLS FARGO BANK, M. PO BOX 
63020, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94163 
Jawbone FOB Point: 
321729 v2ICO 
EFTA00807835
--- PAGE 35 ---
DocuSgn Envelope ID: 6A553539.1073-4C7E-8861-1 
A88438C4 
Americas 
EMEA — IMM EU 
EMEA - Luzern 
APAC
2290 Enrico Fermi Dr., 
Suite 19 
San Diego, CA 92154 
LogisticV areill 
Westpoint D2 
Hala 3, Cp. 1070 
Lozomo 900 55 
Slovak Republic 
Blanchardstown 
Business & 
Technology Park 
Snugborough Road 
Dublin 15 
(TBD) 
321729 v2/C0 
EFTA00807836
--- PAGE 36 ---
EXHIBIT D 
EFTA00807837
--- PAGE 37 ---
Deo.Sion Envelope ID 13C1CO3FD-7761-484A-13ADE-E5E8892CrEOF 
AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO 
NON-EXCLUSIVE SALES & DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 
This Amendment No. 3 ("Third Amendment") to that certain Agreement (as herein defined) is entered into as of September 14, 2016, (the "Third 
Amendment Effective Date") by and between AliphCom, dba Jawbone, a California corporation, with offices at 99 Rhode Island SL, San Francisco, CA 94103 
USA ("Jawbone") and Protempo Limited, a New Zealand corporation, with offices at 21 Taylors Road, Momingside, Auckland 1025, New Zealand 
' 
("Distributor"). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning specified in the Agreement. 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS Jawbone and Distributor previously entered into a Non-Exclusive Sales & Distribution Agreement dated April 29, 2016, as amended on June 
2, 2016 and June 9, 2016 (collectively, the "Agreement"); 
WHEREAS the parties would like to further amend the Agreement as set forth herein; 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby amend the 
Agreement as follows: 
1. 
Section 1.1. shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
1.1 Products. Jawbone and Distributor are entering into a non-exclusive commercial relationship for the distribution and sale in the Territory to 
Distributor of the Jawbone-branded products ("Products"), as further set forth on an Exhibit A. Additional Jawbone products may be added to 
this Agreement only upon the mutual written agreement of the parties and by adding an additional Exhibit A (e.g., Exhibit A-I, Exhibit A-2, etc.) 
with any corresponding details for such transaction. Each Exhibit A (e.g., Exhibit A, Exhibit A-I, Exhibit A-2, etc.) shall collectively be defined 
as "Exhibit A." Jawbone may, in its sole discretion, and without incurring any liability to Distributor, change the features, or discontinue the sale, 
of any of the Products, provided Jawbone provides at least 12 (twelve) months notice before any information becomes public regarding the 
discontinuing of support for the Jawbone app. Distributor shall be permitted to sell the Products to and through its own authorized resellers and 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that its authorized resellers perform in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and to 
monitor for and inform Jawbone of any deviances. 
2. 
Section 1A. shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
1.4 Exclusivity; Right of First Refusal. Subject to Section 1.5 below and except for direct sales to Jawbone's corporate wellness customers in 
connection with Jawbone's corporate wellness program, Jawbone will not sell or agree to sell Products to any customer other than Distributor for 
the period between the Effective Date through July 31, 2016 ("Exclusivity Period"). Following the Exclusivity Period and through April 1, 2017, 
in the event that Jawbone wishes to sell any additional quantities of Products beyond the amounts set forth on Exhibit A, Distributor shall have a 
right of first refusal ("ROFR") for thirty (30) days to purchase such Products. The ROFR will begin upon Jawbone submitting a written offer via 
email for Products to Distributor, and all other terms of this Agreement will apply to such offer. In the event of expiration or Distributor's 
rejection of the ROFR, Jawbone is free to sell the Products to any other third parties, provided that the terms offered to third parties are 
substantially the same as those offered to Distributor. For clarification, the offering of amended terms or prices for the purchase of Products on 
mote favourable terms shall constitute a new offer and Distributor shall receive a new ROFR. 
321729 v2/C0 
EFTA00807838
--- PAGE 38 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 6D1CO3F0.7761-484A4ADE•ESEB892CFEOF 
3. 
Exhibit A-3 (attached hereto) is hereby added to the Agreement. 
4. 
Except as expressly amended herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in MI force and effect. 
(signature page follows) 
321729 v2/C0 
EFTA00807839
--- PAGE 39 ---
DowSian Envelope ID: 6C1CO3F04761-484A-BADE-E5EB892CFEOF 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned parties has caused this Second Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the Second Amendment 
Effective Date. 
Distributor 
Docaored by: 
Jawbone 
PocvSared ty 
kart. Pit 
ULtStik• all 
Signature: 
Signature: 
4710 .60INCC ail 
Printed Name: 
Mark Priscott 
Printed Name: Jason Child 
Title: 
General Manager  
Title: 
CFO 
Date: 
9/14/2016 
Date: 
9/14/2016 
321729,4/CO 
EFTA00807840
--- PAGE 40 ---
DecoSign Envelope 11): 6C1CO3FD-7761.184A-SAGE-3.-5EB592CFEOF 
EXHIBIT A-3 
Products: 
Pick up by 9/23 
4-6 Wk L ad Tette 
Product 
TJ Retail 
Volume 
Lucre Rasa 
Volume 
TJ Bulk Units 
Total Utdb 
Retail Price 
New Belk Price 
Retail 
Bulk 
9/16 Cash 
Cash due on final 
shipment release 
Total Cads 
UP3 
16,291 
5,769 
57,355 
79,415 
516.24 
513.27 
5338.254 
$665,318 
$1,023,572 
593,783 
51,119,355 
ERA 2-0 
939 
582 
3.160 
4,681 
55.04 
$3.60 
$7.666 
$11.376 
$19,042 
1- 
$19,042 
EPA 2.0.513 
709 
811 
$12.60 
59.00 
[9.626 
5423 
510,019 
5- 
$10,049 
BIG 
329 
126 
685 
1.140 
55930 
$4230 
527,073 
529,113 
$56,185 
1- 
$56,185 
JAMBOX 
721 
139 
6. 
866 
59.12 
5632 
$7,84) 
$39 
$7.882 
2-
17382 
MINI 
1.725 
I 
1,750 
322.39 
$15.99 
538,645 
$344 
139,029 
5- 
539.029 
UP MOVE 
30306 
152 
22353 
53,009 
54.55 
53.25 
$139.494 
$72,641 
1212.135 
5- 
$212,135 
UP2 
1.420 
772 
19,896 
72,0$8 
110.08 
51035 
$22,095 
$143,251 
5165,347 
$66,694 
$232,041 
UP2 Rope 
15,176 
7,177 
14,763 
37,116 
$10.08 
510.24 
5225,318 
$106,294 
$331,612 
$44,891 
$376,503 
UP24 
493 
2.413 
106 
3.014 
$536 
53.83 
$15,587 
$406 
$15,993 
1. 
515,993 
UP4 
37$ 
1,796 
2,174 
511.03 
514.55 
$6,815 
$23,132 
$29348 
52,999 
512,947 
Total 
68,689 
17,146 
120389 
206,064 
$856417 
$1,052,376 
31,910,794 
5210,367 
52,121361 
Notes: 
• 
Cash due to Jawbone bank account by COB 9/16/2016. 
• If Retail and Luzern Retail units to be ready for Distributor pickup by 9/23/2016. 
• TI Bulk units require packout before they can be shipped, and will be held at the Americas FOB Point until packaging arrives. Packout will occur at 
Americas FOB Point. Distributor is liable for all costs associated with packout of the Ti Bulk units (e.g., packaging, labor), which costs are reflected in Ti 
Bulk units pricing above. Jawbone estimates packout of the TJ Bulk units will require 4.6 weeks from the time that packaging materials are received at the 
Americas FOB Point. The parties shall work together in good faith to determine shipment quantities and intervals of the TJ Bulk units. The UP3 and UP4 
TJ Bulk units will be packed in Frustration Free Packaging (FFP). 
Payment Terms: Notwithstanding the payment instructions in Section 3 of the Agreement, payment for the Products set forth on this Exhibit A-3 shall be in the 
form of a direct cash payment to Jawbone pursuant to the wire instructions set forth below. Payment-in-hill by Distributor for all Products subject to this Exhibit 
A-3 is due by September 16, 2016. Jawbone will not ship the Products until payment-in-hill is received. Distributor shall be responsible for payment of all taxes 
(other than taxes based on Jawbone's income), fees, duties (not including import and customs duties), and other governmental charges, and any related penalties 
and interest, arising from the payment of the Product price to Jawbone or delivery of Product to Distributor. 
321729 YUCO 
EFTA00807841
--- PAGE 41 ---
DowSign Envelope ID: PC IC03FD-7761 -484A4ADE-E5E8892CFE0F 
Wire Instructions: 
Company Name: AliphCom 
Bank: Wells Fargo Bank 
Bank Account #: 
Routing / ABA tin 
Beneficiary: AliphCom 
SWIFT: WFBIUS6S 
Address: WELLS FARGO BANK,.. PO BOX 
63020, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94163 
Jawbone FOB Point: 
Americas 
EMEA 
(for Ti Retail units and 
(for Luzern Retail units) 
Ti Bulk units) 
2290 Enrico Fermi Dr., Blanchardstown 
Suite 19 
Business & 
San Diego, CA 92154 
Technology Park 
Snugborough Road 
Dublin 15 
321729 v2/CO 
EFTA00807842
--- PAGE 42 ---
PROOF OF SERVICE 
2l 
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF ORANGE 
I am employed by the law office of Rutan & Tucker, LLP in the County of Orange, State 
of California. I am over the age of 18 and not a party to the within action. My business address is 
611 Anton Boulevard, Suite 1400, Costa Mesa, California 92626-1931. 
On December 22, 2017, I served on the interested parties in said action the within: 
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT FOR: (1) Promissory Fraud; (2) Fraud and 
Intentional Deceit; (3) Negligent Misrepresentation; (4) Breach of Contract (Direct 
Claims); (5) Unjust Enrichment; (6) Breach of Warranty; (7) Conversion; (8) Account 
Stated; (9) Open Book Account; (10) Breach of Contract (Assigned Claims); (11) Account 
Stated (Assigned Claims); (12) Open Book Account (Assigned Claims); (13) Violation of 
Penal Code section 496(a). 
as stated below: 
Brian D. Murray 
Loeb & Loeb LLP 
10100 Santa Monixa Blvd., Suite 2200 
Los Angeles, CA 90067 
Attorneys for Defendant Jason Child 
Jeffrey Goldenhersh 
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP 
300 South Grant Avenue 
Los Angeles, CA 90071 
Attorneys for Defendant Hosain Rahman 
(BY FEDEX) by depositing in a box or other facility regularly maintained by FedEx, an 
express service carrier, or delivering to a courier or driver authorized by said express 
service carrier to receive documents, a true copy of the foregoing document in sealed 
envelopes or packages designated by the express service carrier, addressed as shown 
above, with fees for overnight delivery provided for or paid. 
Executed on December 22, 2017, at Costa Mesa, California. 
I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the 
foregoing is true and correct. 
Melody Conour 
(Type or print name) 
(Signature) 
EFTA00807843

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807844.pdf
----------------------------------------
/ 12/2018 
Presentation 
EFTA00807844
--- PAGE 2 ---
TERRACES PROPOSAL - 1 
EFTA00807845
--- PAGE 3 ---
TERRACES PROPOSAL - 2 
EFTA00807846
--- PAGE 4 ---
TERRACES 
EFTA00807847
--- PAGE 5 ---
TERRACES 
EFTA00807848
--- PAGE 6 ---
MAIN VILLA— Master Plan 
EFTA00807849
--- PAGE 7 ---
Ore-U lent 
MAIN VILLA - Gf Layout 
PROPOSAL 1 
Rniveretrew 
L 
r. 
s 
a 
"cyci.
;.• • 
1.0810 
I 
wan. NIR0. 
Meer 
BaLli 
UNARY 
__, 
ACCESS 
LOURG6S.YINI 
30Cin,
F.
 ..Ir. 
te.•16.rr 
1.6 
I 
Alt 
A 
TamenGirtlen teed •IS5Cen 
rJ 
Tema GI* . 1M •liaa. 
\>•O0,"'"
r•
• 
1."
SWEE.NYE pa Eton 
YEW 
bd.,' 
•11.500 
X E 
EFTA00807850
--- PAGE 8 ---
MAIN VILLA— Basement Layout 
PROPOSAL 1 & 2 
EFTA00807851
--- PAGE 9 ---
MAIN VILLA— Longitudinal Section 
PROPOSAL 1 
+16.OOm 
+14.OOm 
, 
POOL EXTERNAL 
Swimming POOL 
.1 
SITTING l e 
TERRACES GARDEN 
LOUNGE 
I 
CINEMA 
+23.50m 
EFTA00807852
--- PAGE 10 ---
MAIN VILLA — Transversal Section 
PROPOSAL 1 
EFTA00807853
--- PAGE 11 ---
MAIN VILLA- Gf Layout 
PROPOSAL 2 
I 1.1','• 
I 
LOUNGE'25.xl. 
MOW 
'111,111[111,1 
:144 
(11, 
r 
Mint 
tWIR/.1 
&So 
EFTA00807854
--- PAGE 12 ---
MAIN VILLA— Longitudinal Section 
PROPOSAL 2 
+16.OOm 
+14.OOm 
Swimming POOL 
), SITTING 
POOL WERT 
TERRACES GARDEN 
LOUNGE 
CINEMA 
EFTA00807855
--- PAGE 13 ---
MAIN VILLA— Transversal Section 
PROPOSAL 2 
TERRACES GARDEN 
EFTA00807856
--- PAGE 14 ---
MAIN VILLA - Gf Layout 
PROPOSAL 3 
I1 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII] 
EFTA00807857
--- PAGE 15 ---
MAIN VILLA— Basement Layout 
PROPOSAL 3 
EFTA00807858
--- PAGE 16 ---
MAIN VILLA 
• 
i 
)
*
EFTA00807859
--- PAGE 17 ---
FISCHERMAN'S HOUSE 
CD 
EFTA00807860
--- PAGE 18 ---
FISCHERMAN'S HOUSE 
Roof Access & Section 
— 
SWAGE 256.30 ',a 
TfittACES 109.20 In2 
c 
to. 
EFTA00807861
--- PAGE 19 ---
FISCHERMAN'S HOUSE 
Roof Access & Section 
CD 
• 
EFTA00807862
--- PAGE 20 ---
FISCHERMAN'S HOUSE 
EFTA00807863
--- PAGE 21 ---
FISCHERMAN'S HOUSE 
EFTA00807864
--- PAGE 22 ---
SPA 
CD 
EFTA00807865
--- PAGE 23 ---
SPA 
a 
EFTA00807866
--- PAGE 24 ---
SPA 
EFTA00807867
--- PAGE 25 ---
SPA 
EFTA00807868
--- PAGE 26 ---
THEATER OBSERVATORY 
EFTA00807869
--- PAGE 27 ---
EFTA00807870

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807871.pdf
----------------------------------------
28/ 12/2018 
Presentation 
EFTA00807871
--- PAGE 2 ---
r 
3D STUDY VIEW 
MAIN VILLA 
LAYOUT Presentation 18/12/2018 
Option 1 
EFTA00807872
--- PAGE 3 ---
LAYOUT Presentation 18/12/2018 
3D STUDY VIEW a 
1" 11"1"tmnr--- 
.);\ 
EFTA00807873
--- PAGE 4 ---
LAYOUT Presentation 18/12/2018 
3D STUDY VIEW b 
EFTA00807874
--- PAGE 5 ---
LAYOUT Presentation 18/12/2018 
3D STUDY VIEW c 
; r
--- -'74Ar._..A.----
' 
___
___—
,;-.A.f.,c.94,-saw 
 ,,.. 
- --- — — 
. w
iss::;2,---/ 
------' — 
.------e
.6414Kr:sr 
±------
EFTA00807875
--- PAGE 6 ---
LAYOUT Presentation 18/12/2018 
3D STUDY VIEW d 
EFTA00807876
--- PAGE 7 ---
3D STUDY VIEW 
MAIN VILLA 
LAYOUT Presentation 28/12/2018 
Option 2 
HER NIGHT AREA 
Lv,14.50 
MEAN. 
-
1IGHT AREA
="4.14.50 
HI 
Brealdast 
roc., 
16e ace Area 
GALLERY 
private 
Area 
16.00 
rf L4.50 
HIS NIGHT 
Lvs.14.50 
POOL Std. 
Ara 
Lwa. 4.00 
MAIN LOUNGE 
SentIOS .0 
LOUNGE Extomal tor, 
Lv:.16.00 
TERRACE I 
-d-ALL. 
semi
A. 
TERRACEZW-.10.50 
TERRACE 3 Lv..14.00 
POOL EXIERNA SITTING «14.00 
.16.00 
M. LOBBY
SWIMMING POOL 7x32m 
Lv: 
.14.00 
Tdl 
EFTA00807877
--- PAGE 8 ---
LAYOUT Presentation 18/12/2018 
3D STUDY VIEW a 
EFTA00807878
--- PAGE 9 ---
LAYOUT Presentation 18/12/2018 
3D STUDY VIEW b 
EFTA00807879
--- PAGE 10 ---
LAYOUT Presentation 18/12/2018 
3D STUDY VIEW c 
EFTA00807880
--- PAGE 11 ---
LAYOUT Presentation 18/12/2018 
3D STUDY VIEW d 
EFTA00807881
--- PAGE 12 ---
MASTER PLAN VILLA AREA 
Option 2 
/101111
Ns't gum 
7'1
uwAppoimor 
ir 
EFTA00807882
--- PAGE 13 ---
TERRACES 
EFTA00807883
--- PAGE 14 ---
TERRACES 
EFTA00807884
--- PAGE 15 ---
MAIN VILLA— Longitudinal Section 
Option 2 
+16.00m 
+14.00m 
POOL EXTERNAL 
Swimming POOL 
 ole  SITTING* 
EFTA00807885
--- PAGE 16 ---
MAIN VILLA —Transversal Section 
Option 2 
.21.00m 
PRIVATE AREA LEVEL +14.50 
I. TERRACES INTERIOR COURT LEVEL +16.00 to +14.00 
Panoramiv view on the swpool 
i MAIN LOBBY 
TERRACE ACCESS of
ENTRANCE 
+23.00m 
EFTA00807886
--- PAGE 17 ---
FISCHERMAN'S HOUSE - PROPOSAL 2 
EFTA00807887
--- PAGE 18 ---
FISCHERMAN'S HOUSE 
!T.\ 
20.00 m2 
r
fAuth 
53.00 m2 
SURFACE 256.30 m2 
TERRACES: 109.20 rn2 
t/
o 
EFTA00807888
--- PAGE 19 ---
• 
I 
I. 
CD 
t•w
FISCHERMAN'S HOUSE 
EFTA00807889
--- PAGE 20 ---
FISCHERMAN'S HOUSE 
EFTA00807890
--- PAGE 21 ---
SPA 
CD 
EFTA00807891
--- PAGE 22 ---
SPA 
EFTA00807892
--- PAGE 23 ---
SPA 
EFTA00807893
--- PAGE 24 ---
SPA 
EFTA00807894

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807895.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ and GSJ Schedule 
smartsheet 
Project Name 
Notes 
I 
Task Name 
Finish 
Assigned To 
Comments 
OW Projects: 
North Terrace 
Site Work -Grading 
Jules 
Dig Out Small Gen Bunker 
Kyle 
CMU infill 
Underground Electric 
Mike 
Wve Mesh! Framework for Pad 
tbd 
Concrete Pour 
tbd 
Center Point Set 13/15/18 by JEE 
Saw Cuts and Sealing 
tbd 
Sign Off (Work Up to Standards) 
Kyle 
RO System GSJ Finish 
13.
Onsite Delivery 
LSJ 
Awaiting delivery 
Installation and testing 
LSJ 
Seawater Intake 
Gemini 
onsite awaiting install 
16.
GSJ Big 110 Fbilsh 
TBD 
Possible Slop Work Order DPNR 
• 
• 
GSJ Bunker Building Finish 
Contractors to Bid (EB / JPK?) DPNR • Need Architect 
•_ 
Site Prep 
Maintenance 
Jules to dig out bunker area (Kyle and BC to layout) 
Construction 
TBD (Select Contractor) 
week Construction Schedule (CMU 
Testing of Epuipitment 
Mike 
23.
Sign Offs 
Kyle 
Refurbish / Extend Q Hut Finish 
DPNR Issues 
26.
Repair and Extend Q Hut 
EB 
EB to begin on this again, tent Monday 
27.
Roller Doors 
EB 
28.
Sign Offs 
Kyle 
GSJ Staff Cottage Finish 
01/20/19 
DPNR - Starting Back Thursday Interior 
GSJ Septic Tank 
Adam Cook 
Elada 
Construction 
JPK 
Furniture Package 
to order 
Sign Offs 
Kyle 
GSJ Mai House Septic Tank Finish 
37.
Installation of New System 
Adam Cook 
Backfill 
Demolition Of Oki Sysytem 
Adam Cook 
Page 1 of 5 
EFTA00807895
--- PAGE 2 ---
Project Name 
End 
Assigned To: 
I Notes 
Site Wont! Sign Offs 
GSJ IT Work 
ALV 
Kyle 
Contractor 
11/30/18 start - BC 
LSJ Projects: 
Main Compound Wall Finish 
Danny! Rich in Negotiations on Price (Issue with Picking Stones) 
Master Roof Finish 
TBD , JPK? 
Master Bathroom Finish 
Extend terrace - Design TB Confirmed 
JEE to decide 
New Shower Hardware 
Plumber tbd 
Repair Shower! Light Tile Work 
New Shower Floors 
Library Rod Finish 
TBD , JPK? 
Flag Pool Cabana Interior Finish 
tee 
Temp Counters to start, ordering from FL 
Kitchen Remodel 
Main Cabanas Finish 
Final Couinters / Punchlist cleanup 
Countertops 
EB 
From FL now? 
Move In 
LSJ 
In Progress 2/4 
CNIax Room 
NC Unit 
mike 7 reefco 
In Progress 
TM haphen 
01/21119 
Self Preform 
Electrical / Plumbing 
tbd 
Contractor • Mike 
Mike 
Larger Stone Apron Front 
tbd 
Contractor 
Use new Carmix 
Dock Shelter 
New Decking 
tbd 
LSJ 
IPE order amount confirmed - design needs confirmation and to be purchased 
Storage Lockers 
tbd 
BJ 
Sample material on Dock - Wailing Approval 
Smal dock Shelters 
Page 2 of 5 
EFTA00807896
--- PAGE 3 ---
Project Name 
End 
Assigned To: 
Notes 
Planters 
tbd 
LSJ 
Pope Garden 
Order New Shade House 
tbd 
BB 
JEE to review onsite 
Generator 2 Rebuid Finish 
Mike 
sent VR to rimco 11-27 due back 11-30, install then testing (2 Hours) 
Engineering Building 
Demo I Construct new Building 
tbd 
Design tbd 
Brice reached out to John Woods with comments, no response yet (10/10) 
Pebble Beach 
Fishermans Hut 
tbd 
Design TBD 
Redig Footing and Start Pour 
Foundation 
11/27118 
Design TBD 
Push after NYD to dig out again, lay rebar, pour FDs 
Five Palms 
Bids in progress - EB and JPK to submit numbers 
New Root 
tbd 
Design TBD 
new roof along with new gold Dome ( 
Light Site Work 
tbd 
Design TBD 
New Windows 
tbd 
Design TBD 
awaiting bid from EGS 
New Doors 
tbd 
Design TBD 
New electric 1 Feeder line 
tbd 
Design TBD 
Start Bathrooms / Gas Station 
Doors and Hardware replace 
tbd 
100 
Wmdow Replacement 
tbd 
101 
Plumbing issues 
tbd 
102 
Concrete 
tbd 
103 
104 
IT Issues 
105 
Nay Cell Tower Bid 
tbd 
Brice 
106 
107 
Permitting 
108 
Cables 
LSJ-GSJ 
109 
Dock 
LSJ-GSJ 
110 
Building Permits 
111 
112 
Emergency Room 
113 
Design t Material List 
tbd 
owner to confine 
114 
Design Approval 
115 
Equipment Orders 
Page 3 of 5 
EFTA00807897
--- PAGE 4 ---
Project Name 
End 
Assigned To: 
Notes 
116 
117 
118 
Installation 
Hanger Building 
119 
Roof Repair 
TBD 
awaiting permits 
120 
New Doors 
TBD 
awaiting permits 
121 
122 
Roads 
123 
Jeffers Pricing Revisions 
Jan 14th tentative start date given by Jeffers 
124 
125 
Service Gates Finish 
126 
Build New Gates 
Bamboo for Gates 
127 
Installation 
LSJ Carpenters? Or EB for small work 
128 
129 
Boat Ust 
130 
Sportis Tube Replacement Finish 
tbd 
Captains 
131 
Little C Refit 
tbd 
Captains 
132 
Big N Muffler Finish 
tbd 
Captains 
133 
134 
EquIplment 
135 
T1.1255O 
fled 
LSJ 
EDA to TX 
136 
272 D2 Skid Steer 
Ibd 
LSJ 
TX 10/31 • EDA to FL pending 
137 
John Deer Tractor 
ILA 
LSJ 
Need to select 
138 
139 
140 
Mice G. Electrical List 
141 
Palm Tree Lighting 
Mike 
Ongoing 
142 
Courtyard Lighting 
Mike 
Ongoing 
143 
Pool cabana kitchen electric 
Mike 
Ongoing 
144 
Chillax AC 
Mike 
Ongoing 
145 
Doc* Lighting and electric 
Mike 
Ongoing 
146 
Camera for Staff cottage 
Mike 
Pending 
147 
Cistern drains for Main Compound 
Mike 
Pending 
148 
thither* from GenBld to Tunnel 
Mike 
Ongoing 
149 
Movie Room Speakers 
Mike 
Ongoing 
150 
ReplacePool Heater 
Mike 
Ongoing 
151 
Repair both Fuel Pumps 
Mike 
Ongoing 
152 
Repair Diesel Feeding Dispencer 
Mike 
Pending 
153 
Install Water Distribution Pumps LSJ 
Mike 
Pending 
154 
Refurbish water distribution manifold 
Mike 
ongoing 
Page 4 of 5 
EFTA00807898
--- PAGE 5 ---
Project Name 
End 
Assigned To: 
Notes 
155 
Install New Sewage Lift LSJ 
Mike 
Ongoing 
156 
Fix Waterheater Staff Cottage 
Mite 
Pending 
157 
LSJ Tiki Kitchen Remodel Electric/Plumbing 
Mite 
Ongoing 
158 
Blue Beach Transformer Replacement 
Mike 
Mike to Oulsource 
159 
Electrical and Data to 5 Palms 
Mike 
Charles Electric to Price 
160 
Electrical Conduit Work al Tower 
Mike 
Ongoing 
161 
Solar System and Electric Pebble Beach 
Mike 
Roof Done - Ongoing 
162 
Power to Beach for Captains 
Mike 
Pending 
163 
Filter Replacement Seawater Intake 
Mike 
Pending 
164 
Refurbish Fire System GenBld 
Mike 
Pending 
165 
Fuel Truck Replacement 
Mike 
Pending - Quotes To be collected 
166 
Replacement of Elec Panels Pool Rooms 
Mike 
Pending 
167 
Electric out to new waterfall area 
Mike 
Rending 
168 
Replace All Exterior Light Trim to White 
Mike 
pending 
169 
Replace All Exterior Switches 
Mike 
Ongoing 
170 
Staff Cottage Dryer Change to Propane 
Mike 
Pending 
171 
Install Lights for Library Statues 
Mike 
Pending 
172 
New Awnings Both Pool ken 
Mike 
Pending 
173 
Install New Sewage Treatment Plant 
Mike 
Ongoing 
174 
Wire New Generators GSJ 
Mike 
Pending 
175 
Install Electric GSJ Tiki 
Mike 
Ongoing 
176 
Replace Batteries GSJ Solar 
Mike 
Pending 
177 
178 
179 
180 
181 
182 
Page 5 of 5 
EFTA00807899

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807900.pdf
----------------------------------------
KK DRAFT 1/17/2018 
PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
Between 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC 
SELLER, 
And 
[ 
495555-2-W 
PURCHASER 
Property: 
Life Hotel 
West 3V Street 
New York, New York 
EFTA00807900
--- PAGE 2 ---
KK DRAFT 1/17/2018 
PROPERTY: 
BLOCK/LOT: 
PURCHASE PRICE: 
DEPOSIT: 
DUE DILIGENCE 
PERIOD: 
SCHEDULED 
CLOSING DATE: 
PARTIES: 
(address for notices) 
SELLER: 
PURCHASER: 
ESCROW AGENT: 
CONTRACT INFORMATION SUMMARY 
Life Hotel 
West 3 
Street, New York, New York 
Block 833 Lot 28 
Seventy Million Seven Hundred Seventy and No/100 Dollars 
($70,000,770.00). 
• 
Initial Deposit of Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand and No/100 
Dollars ($750,000.00) on the Effective Date. 
• 
Final Deposit of Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand and No/100 
Dollars ($750,000.00) due on or prior to the expiration of the Due 
Diligence Period. 
Thirty (30) days from the Effective Date 
, 2018 [The Seventy-Fifth (756) day following the Effective 
Dated 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC 
c/o Mitchell Holdings 
801 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10065 
Attn: Mr. David Mitchell 
Phone: 
Email: 
c/o Nakash Family Land Trust 
Attn: 
Phone: 
Email: 
Katsky Korins LLP 
605 Third Avenue, 16th Floor 
New York, New York 10158 
Attn: Matthew Danow, Esq. 
Phone: 
Email: 
With copy to: 
Katsky Korins LLP 
605 Third Avenue, 16th Floor 
New York, New York 10158 
Attn: Matthew Danow, Esq. 
Phone: 
Email: 
Paul M. Kade, Esq. 
9200 S Dadeland Blvd, Suite 410 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: 
Email: 
The Contract Information Summary set forth above and any schedules and exhibit(s) attached to this 
Agreement are incorporated into and made a part of the following Agreement. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the provisions of this Summary and the body of this Agreement, the provisions 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807901
--- PAGE 3 ---
contained in the body of this Agreement shall control the rights of the parties and shall supersede any 
inconsistent provisions, as the case may be. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807902
--- PAGE 4 ---
SCHEDULES & EXHIBITS 
Schedule I — Access Point Equipment Lease 
Schedule 2 — Service Contracts 
Exhibit A — Legal Description of the Land 
Exhibit B — Permitted Exceptions to Title 
Exhibit C — Form of Deed 
Exhibit D — Form of Assignment of Equipment Leases 
Exhibit E — Form of Assignment and Assumption of Service Contracts 
Exhibit F — Form of Bill of Sale 
Exhibit G — Form of Assignment and Assumption of Collective Bargaining Agreement 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807903
--- PAGE 5 ---
KK DRAFT 1/17/2018 
AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE 
(Life Hotel, 19 West 31" Street, New York, New York) 
THIS AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE (this "Agreement") is made as of 
January 
, 2018 (the "Effective Date"), by and between LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, having an address at do Mitchell Holdings, 801 Madison 
Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10065 ("Seller"), and [ 
a 
 having an address at  
("Purchaser"). 
WITNESSETH: 
1. AGREEMENT TO SELL AND PURCHASE; DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY. 
1.1 
Seller shall sell to Purchaser and Purchaser shall purchase from Seller upon the 
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, all right, title and interest of Seller and to: (a) 
that certain parcel of land commonly known as 19 West 31" Street, New York, New York, as 
more particularly bounded and described in Exhibit A annexed hereto and incorporated herein 
(the "Land"); (b) the buildings, improvements, structures and fixtures located on the Land 
(collectively, the "Hotel"); and (c) all of the following personalty (collectively, the "Personal 
Property"): (i) all furniture, furnishings, fixtures (other than those which are part of the Hotel), 
rugs, mats, carpeting, appliances, devices, engines, telephone and other communications 
equipment, televisions and other video equipment, plumbing fixtures and other equipment 
located in or related to the Hotel, excluding property described in the Equipment Leases (the 
"FF&E"); (ii) to the extent assignable, Seller's interest as lessee under that certain Master Lease, 
dated as of August 18, 2017, made by and between Access Point Financial, Inc. ("Access 
Point"), as lessor and Seller, as lessee, together with all documents executed and delivered by 
Seller and/or Access Point in connection therewith (collectively, the "Access Point Equipment 
Lease") with respect to certain equipment, furnishings or other personal property located at, and 
used in connection with, the operation of the Hotel, as listed on Schedule 1 attached hereto and 
such other equipment leases as may hereafter be entered into in compliance with the terms hereof 
(the "Equipment Leases"); (iii) all items included within the definition of "Property and 
Equipment" under the Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging Industry, Eleventh Revised 
Edition, 2015, as copyrighted by the Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. and published by 
the American Hotel & Motel Association (n/k/a the American Hotel & Lodging Association) 
(the "Uniform System of Accounts"), including, without limitation, linen, china, glassware, 
tableware, uniforms and similar items, whether in use or held in stock for future use, in 
connection with the operation of the Hotel, subject to such depletion and including such 
resupplies prior to the Closing Date as shall occur in the ordinary course of business (the "Fixed 
Asset Supplies"); (iv) all "Inventories," as defined in the Uniform System of Accounts, such as 
provisions in storerooms, refrigerators, pantries, and kitchens, beverages in wine cellars and bars, 
other merchandise intended for sale or resale, fuel, mechanical supplies, stationery, guest 
supplies, maintenance and housekeeping supplies and other expensed supplies and similar items 
(the "Inventories"), provided that to the extent that any applicable law prohibits the transfer of 
alcoholic beverages from Seller to Purchaser, such beverages shall not be considered a part of 
Inventories until such time as the same may lawfully be transferred after Closing, at which point 
the same shall be transferred; (v) to the extent assignable, Seller's interest in the service, 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807904
--- PAGE 6 ---
maintenance and other agreements in connection with the operation of the Hotel identified in 
Schedule 2 attached hereto and such other service contracts as may hereafter be entered into in 
compliance with the terms hereof (the "Service Contracts"); (vi) all contracts and reservations 
made for rooms, banquets, meals or other services to be supplied from and/or after the Closing 
Date (the "Bookings"), and the aggregate amount of any deposits received by Seller (whether 
paid in cash or by credit card) as a down payment for any Bookings ("Advance Deposits"); (vii) 
to the extent in Seller's possession and control, surveys, architectural, consulting and engineering 
blueprints, plans and specifications and drawings related to the Hotel (the "Plans"); (viii) to the 
extent transferable and owned or held by Seller (but excluding the Liquor License (hereinafter 
defined)), all licenses, permits and other authorizations or approvals required by any 
governmental or quasi-governmental agency, body, department, commission, board, bureau, 
instrumentality or office, or otherwise appropriate with respect to the construction, ownership, 
operation, leasing, maintenance or use of the Property or any part thereof (the "Permits"); (ix) to 
the extent the same is owned by Seller and not the Manager or any other third party, all records, 
files and operating manuals of the Hotel, including, but not limited to, any personnel files other 
than employee files containing only name, sex, social security number, date of birth, date of hire, 
rate of pay and benefits and other census type information; (x) all telephone exchanges, intemet 
websites, intemet domain names and other identifying material, and all variations thereof to the 
extent owned by Seller and/or any of Seller's principals or affiliates, and any trademarks, trade 
names, servicemarks, logos, copyrights, brands, patents and other intellectual property owned by 
Seller and/or any of its principals or affiliates and/or used by the Hotel and the restaurants, 
banquet and other food and beverage operations of the Hotel (including, without limitation, the 
names, brands marks, copyrights and other intellectual property associated with "Life", "Life 
Magazine", "Life Hotel", "Henry" and "Gibson & Luce" and any derivations thereof), together 
with any rights to any Personal Property described in this clause (x) that has been prepared, 
promulgated, or published by Seller or which otherwise identifies that the Hotel was owned by 
Seller, including, without limitation, any and all menus and stationery bearing Seller's name or 
the names "Life", "Life Magazine", "Life Hotel", "Henry", "Gibson & Luce" or any derivations 
thereof (all of the Personal Property described in this clause (x), collectively, the "Intellectual 
Property"), in all cases provided that the sale and transfer of the Intellectual Property shall 
subject to the provisions of Section 1.3 below. 
1.2 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Land, the Hotel 
and the Personal Property shall not include any of the following: (I) accounts receivable for 
periods prior to and including the Apportionment Date (hereinafter defined); (2) property of 
guests; (3) tax deposits, utility deposits and other deposits held by parties other than Seller, 
except for any transferable deposits assigned to Purchaser, for which Seller is to be reimbursed 
as herein provided; (4) any tax, insurance, FF&E, capital improvement and/or other escrows, 
impounds or reserves held by Seller's lender or any other party; (5) except to the extent that any 
of the same represent Advance Deposits, all checks, drafts, notes and other evidence of 
indebtedness held at the Hotel on the Closing Date, and any balances on deposit with banking 
institutions relating to the Hotel, including amounts held in "house banks;" (6) all computer 
software and/or systems owned by the Manager or any third party, including, without limitation, 
the payroll software and/or system; and (7) any and all personal property owned by guests, the 
Manager, or any employees of the Hotel or by a vendor or any other third party distinct from 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807905
--- PAGE 7 ---
Seller (all of the foregoing, collectively, the "Excluded Property"). The Land, the Hotel, and 
the Personal Property located at the Hotel are referred to herein collectively as the "Property." 
1.3 
Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything else contained in this Agreement, no 
portion of the Intellectual Property shall be conveyed, assigned or transferred to Purchaser at 
Closing, and at Closing, Seller shall enter into an agreement with Purchaser (the "IP License 
Agreement") granting Purchaser an exclusive license to use the Intellectual Property in 
connection with Purchaser's operations of the Hotel, which license shall terminate upon the 
sooner of (x) Purchaser's repayment in full of all outstanding obligations under the PM Loan 
(hereinafter defined), at which time Seller shall assign, convey and transfer to Purchaser all of 
Seller's right, title and interest in and to the Intellectual Property, or (y) the occurrence of an 
event of default under any of the PM Loan Documents (hereinafter defined). The form of IP 
License Agreement shall be negotiated and finalized by Seller and Purchaser prior to the 
expiration of the Due Diligence, provided that in no event shall the Due Diligence Period be 
extended as the result of any failure by the parties to agree on the final form of the IP License 
Agreement. 
2. PURCHASE PRICE AND PAYMENT: ESCROW. 
2.1 
The total purchase price payable to Seller for the Property is the Purchase Price, 
subject to adjustment as herein provided. 
2.2 
The Purchase Price is payable as follows: 
2.2.1.1 
Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
the parties hereto, Purchaser shall deliver to Escrow Agent by wire transfer of 
immediately available United States federal funds, the sum of Seven Hundred Fifty 
Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($750,000.00) (the "Initial Deposit"), which Initial 
Deposit shall be held by Escrow Agent in escrow pursuant to the terms of this Agreement 
and shall become non-refundable to Purchaser upon the expiration of the Due Diligence 
Period (as hereinafter defined), except as otherwise expressly provided in this 
Agreement. The "Initial Deposit" shall include all interest accrued thereon, and such 
interest shall be payable to the party entitled to receive the Initial Deposit pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement. 
2.2.1.2 
Not later than 5:00 
Eastern Time on last day of the Due 
Diligence Period, Purchaser shall deliver to Escrow Agent by wire transfer the additional 
sum of Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($750,000.00) (the "Final 
Deposit", together with the Initial Deposit, collectively referred to as the "Deposit"), 
which Final Deposit shall be held by Escrow Agent in escrow pursuant to the terms of 
this Agreement and shall be non-refundable to Purchaser, except as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Agreement. The "Deposit" shall include all interest accrued thereon, and 
such interest shall be payable to the party entitled to receive the Final Deposit pursuant to 
the terms of this Agreement. Failure by Purchaser to timely deliver all or any part of the 
Final Deposit in accordance with this subsection shall constitute a material default by 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807906
--- PAGE 8 ---
Purchaser hereunder and Seller shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement by written 
notice to Purchaser. 
2.2.1.3 
At Closing thereinafter defined), Purchaser shall pay the additional 
sum of Fifty-Six Million Seven Hundred Seventy and No/100 Dollars ($56,000,770.00) 
(the "Cash Portion"), subject to adjustments as provided herein, in cash by wire transfer 
of immediately available federal funds payable to the direct order of, or as otherwise 
directed, by Seller. 
2.2.1.4 
At Closing, Purchaser shall execute and deliver to Seller a purchase 
money promissory note in the amount of Twelve Million Five Hundred Thousand and 
No/I 00 Dollars ($12,500,000.00) in favor of Seller (the "Promissory Note"), which 
Promissory Note shall be secured by a purchase money second mortgage made by 
Purchaser in favor of Seller (the "Mortgage") and a pledge in favor of Seller of one 
hundred percent (100%) of the [membership/partnership] interests in Purchaser by the 
[members/partners] of Purchaser (the "Pledgors"), pursuant to a pledge and security 
agreement (the "Pledge Agreement") made by and between the Pledgors and Seller, and 
perfected by Purchaser's delivery to Seller of the certificate(s) evidencing one hundred 
percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding [membership/partnership] interests in 
Purchaser (the "Pledge Certificates") and by Seller's filing of a UCC-1 financing 
statement (the "Financing Statement") against the pledged interests in the applicable 
filing offices. The Promissory Note, Mortgage, Pledge Agreement and Financing 
Statement are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "PM Loan Documents", 
and the purchase money financing evidenced and secured by the PM Loan Documents is 
referred to herein as the "PM Loan". The Promissory Note, Mortgage and Pledge 
Agreement shall be subordinate to the loans and mortgages (combined amount not to 
exceed $45,000,000.00 in the aggregate) held by Purchaser's lender in connection with 
Purchaser's acquisition of the Property. The PM Loan shall bear interest at the rate of five 
percent (5%) g_er annum with Purchaser to make monthly payments of interest only 
beginning on the first (1st) day of the second (2nd) calendar month and immediately 
following the Closing Date, and all outstanding principal and interest under the PM Loan 
shall become due and payable in full on the second (21d) anniversary of the Closing Date. 
The PM Loan shall be prepayable in whole or in part (but in no event shall any partial 
prepayment be of less than $1,000,000 of principal) at any time without premium or 
penalty. The forms of Promissory Note, Mortgage, Pledge Agreement and Financing 
Statement shall be negotiated and finalized by Seller and Purchaser prior to the expiration 
of the Due Diligence, provided that in no event shall the Due Diligence Period be 
extended as the result of any failure by the parties to agree on the final forms of any of 
the PM Loan Documents. 
2.3 
Purchaser expressly agrees and acknowledges that Purchaser's obligations to pay 
the Purchase Price at the Closing and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby are 
not in any way contingent, conditioned upon or qualified by Purchaser's obtaining or failing to 
obtain any financing of any amount, type or nature whatsoever (e.g., whether by way of debt 
financing, equity investment, or otherwise). Nevertheless, if Purchaser obtains a mortgage, 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807907
--- PAGE 9 ---
notwithstanding the fact that neither this Agreement, nor the Closing is contingent on 
Purchaser's ability to obtain such a mortgage, then upon Purchaser's request, Seller will request 
that its lender cooperate in attempting to arrange for an assignment of Seller's mortgage to 
Purchaser's lender (the "Assignment of Mortgage"), at no cost, expense or assumption of 
liability to Seller. Seller makes no representation or warranty that an Assignment of Mortgage 
will be available to Purchaser or that Seller's lender will cooperate in this regard. In the event 
that the parties are able to accomplish an Assignment of Mortgage, Purchaser shall pay all costs 
and expenses of both Seller's mortgagee and Purchaser's lender required in connection 
therewith. All mortgage recording tax savings realized by Purchaser due to the Assignment of 
Mortgage shall be shared equally by Seller and Purchaser at Closing, and at Closing, Seller shall 
receive a credit against the Purchase Price in an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of such 
mortgage recording tax savings. 
2.4 
Purchaser expressly agrees and acknowledges that although the Property includes 
the Personal Property, such Personal Property has no independent resale value, that no portion of 
the Purchase Price is allocated to such Personal Property, and that no Personal Property shall be 
sold to Purchaser in the event that the Closing does not occur. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Purchaser shall remain solely liable for the payment of any sales tax that may be imposed upon 
the transfer of any Personal Property and shall indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless from 
any and all such tax. The provisions of this Section 2.4 shall survive the Closing. 
2.5 
Escrow Agent shall hold the Deposit in escrow in a segregated bank account until 
Closing or sooner termination of this Agreement and shall pay over or apply the Deposit in 
accordance with the terms of this Section 2.5 (or if applicable, Escrow Agent shall return the 
Initial Deposit to Purchaser pursuant to Section 8.1.2 if Purchaser timely delivers a Due 
Diligence Termination Notice (hereinafter defined) pursuant to said Section 8.1.2). 
2.5.1.1 
The Social Security or Federal Identification Numbers of the parties 
shall be furnished to Escrow Agent upon request. At Closing, the Deposit shall be paid 
by Escrow Agent to Seller. If for any reason Closing does not occur and either party 
gives notice to Escrow Agent demanding payment of the Deposit, Escrow Agent shall 
give prompt notice to the other party of such demand. If Escrow Agent does not receive 
notice of objection from such other party to the proposed payment within ten (10) days 
after the giving of such notice, Escrow Agent is hereby authorized and directed to make 
such payment. If Escrow Agent does receive such notice of objection within such ten 
(10) day period or if for any other reason Escrow Agent in good faith shall elect not to 
make such payment, Escrow Agent shall continue to hold such amount until otherwise 
directed by notice from Seller and Purchaser or a final, non-appealable judgment, order 
or decree of a court. However, Escrow Agent shall have the right at any time to deposit 
the Deposit with the clerk of a court in the county in which the Property are located or in 
which the parties have consented to the laying of venue and shall give notice of such 
deposit to Seller and Purchaser. Upon such deposit or other disbursement in accordance 
with the terms of this paragraph, Escrow Agent shall be relieved and discharged of all 
further obligations and responsibilities hereunder. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807908
--- PAGE 10 ---
2.5.1.2 
The parties acknowledge that Escrow Agent is acting solely as a 
stakeholder at their request and for their convenience and that Escrow Agent shall not be 
liable to either party for any act or omission on its part unless taken or suffered in bad 
faith or in willful disregard of this Agreement or involving gross negligence on the part 
of Escrow Agent. Seller and Purchaser jointly and severally (with right of contribution) 
agree to defend (by attorneys selected by Escrow Agent), indemnify and hold Escrow 
Agent harmless from and against all costs, claims and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys' fees whether services are performed in-house or by another firm or counsel) 
incurred in connection with the performance of Escrow Agent's duties hereunder, except 
with respect to actions or omissions taken or suffered by Escrow Agent in bad faith or in 
willful disregard of this Agreement or involving gross negligence on the part of Escrow 
Agent. 
2.5.1.3 
Escrow Agent may act or refrain from acting in respect of any matter 
referred to herein in full reliance upon and with the advice of counsel which may be 
selected by it (including any member of its firm) and shall be fully protected in so acting 
or refraining from action upon the advice of such counsel. 
2.5.1.4 
Escrow Agent acknowledges receipt of the Deposit by check, subject 
to collection, or by wire transfer and Escrow Agent's agreement to the provisions of this 
Section 2.5 by signing in the place indicated on the signature page of this Agreement. 
2.5.1.5 
Escrow Agent or any member of its firm shall be permitted to act as 
counsel for Seller in any dispute as to the disbursement of the Deposit or any other 
dispute between the parties whether or not Escrow Agent is in possession of the Deposit 
and continues to act as Escrow Agent. 
3. CLOSING.
3.1 
The closing of the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Closing") shall occur at 
the offices of Katsky Korins LLP, 605 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10158, or at the 
offices of Purchaser's lender or such lender's counsel, if located in New York County, or, if the 
M
ies elect, though an escrow with the Title Company or its underwriter, in all cases at 10:00 
. eastern time, on the Scheduled Closing Date (and the actual date of the Closing, being the 
"Closing Date"). TIME SHALL BE OF THE ESSENCE WITH RESPECT TO PURCHASER'S 
OBLIGATION TO CLOSE ON OR BEFORE THE SCHEDULED CLOSING DATE. 
3.2 
The acceptance by Purchaser of the Deed shall constitute an acknowledgment by 
Purchaser that all obligations of Seller set forth in this Agreement have been discharged in full, 
and upon such acceptance, Seller shall be released from any and all obligations by reason of this 
Agreement, except only such obligations, if any, which shall pursuant to the express provisions 
of this Agreement survive the Closing hereunder. 
4. PURCHASER'S TITLE REPORT; OBJECTIONS TO TITLE. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807909
--- PAGE 11 ---
4.1 
Seller shall give and Purchaser shall accept such title as any reputable and 
licensed title company in New York State (the "Title Company") shall be willing to approve 
and insure, subject to the matters provided for in this Agreement, including, without limitation, 
the permitted exceptions more particularly set forth on Exhibit B annexed hereto and 
incorporated herein ("Permitted Exception(s)"). 
Purchaser shall promptly order a title 
commitment and a survey or survey update or inspection for the Property and Purchaser shall 
direct the Title Company, in writing, to furnish a copy of such title commitment 
("Commitment") and survey, survey update or survey inspection (collectively, "Survey"), 
together with any update thereof, to Seller's attorneys, addressed to the attention of Matthew 
Danow, Esq. Purchaser shall be deemed to have agreed to accept title subject to such matters as 
disclosed in the Commitment and/or Survey, unless, within seven (7) business days after 
Purchaser's receipt of the same, time being of the essence, Purchaser shall deliver a notice win 
the form of e-mail from Purchaser's attorney to Seller's attorney (an "Objection Notice") to 
Seller identifying any encumbrances or objections to title (other than Permitted Exceptions) as 
disclosed by the Commitment and/or Survey. In the event Purchaser shall fail to timely deliver 
an Objection Notice, time being of the essence, all matters, encumbrances or objections to title as 
disclosed by the Commitment and/or Survey shall be deemed to be Permitted Exceptions, Seller 
shall have no obligation to cause to be removed (and Purchaser agrees to take title subject to) any 
such matters, encumbrances or objections to title. In the event the Commitment and/or Survey is 
updated, Purchaser shall have until the earlier of: (a) two (2) business days following its receipt 
of the same; or (b) the Closing, time being of the essence as to the earlier of the foregoing dates, 
to deliver an Objection Notice to any new matters disclosed by such update. Purchaser shall 
have no right to object to any matter disclosed or raised in any update to the Commitment and/or 
Survey to the extent such matters were previously disclosed in the Commitment and/or Survey 
(or previous updates of either) and Purchaser did not timely deliver an Objection Notice, time 
being of the essence, as required pursuant to this Section 4.1 or if such updated matters otherwise 
constitute a Permitted Exception. 
4.2 
If Seller shall be unable to cause to be removed any exceptions or defects 
disclosed by the Commitment and/or Survey (or update thereof), which do not constitute 
Permitted Exceptions, or is otherwise unable to convey title in accordance with this Agreement, 
by the Closing Date, Seller shall have the right to adjourn the Closing Date for up to sixty (60) 
days (the "Extended Removal Period"), in the aggregate, to attempt to remove such exceptions 
or defects; provided, however, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Seller 
shall not be required to bring any action or proceeding, or pay or incur any expenses in order to 
remove or correct any exceptions, encumbrances or defects except that Seller shall cause to be 
removed (i) any mortgages or similar security instruments placed on the Property in connection 
with Seller's financing of the Property (subject to the provisions of Section 7.4) (ii) any 
mechanic's liens against the Property for work performed by Seller, and (iii) liens which can be 
cured by the payment of a liquidated sum of money, provided that Seller shall not be obligated to 
incur or pay sums in excess of One Million and No/100 ($1,000,000.00) Dollars in the aggregate 
in order to cure any liens or defects pursuant to this clause (iii). The foregoing sentence shall not 
affect the parties' obligation to prorate certain adjustments at and subsequent to the Closing. If, 
at the expiration of the Extended Removal Period, Seller remains unable to cause the exceptions 
or defects to be removed or corrected, or is otherwise unable to convey title in accordance with 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807910
--- PAGE 12 ---
the terms of this Agreement, then Seller shall so notify Purchaser and Purchaser may elect either 
to: (a) terminate this Agreement by notice to Seller within ten (10) business days following the 
earlier of: (i) Purchaser's receipt of notice from Seller that Seller is or will be unable to cause 
such matters to be removed; or (ii) the expiration of Seller's Extended Removal Period; or (b) 
accept such title as Seller may convey and shall complete the transaction as otherwise 
contemplated by this Agreement, but in no event shall Purchaser be entitled to any abatement of 
the Purchase Price or to any lost profits or other damages, deductions, offsets or credits. In the 
event Purchaser fails to notify Seller of its election within such ten (10) business day period, 
Purchaser shall be deemed to have elected to proceed to close hereunder in accordance with the 
preceding clause "(b)". In the event Purchaser timely delivers notice of its termination of this 
Agreement pursuant to the preceding clause "(a)", this Agreement shall thereupon terminate, 
Purchaser shall be entitled to the return of the Deposit together with any interest earned thereon 
and neither party shall have any further liability or obligation to the other hereunder except those 
expressly stated to survive termination of this Agreement. 
4.3 
It is expressly understood and agreed that Purchaser shall not have the right to 
terminate this Agreement by reason of the existence of any conditions which Purchaser has 
agreed to take subject to or has otherwise waived or has been deemed to waive (each as 
expressly provided in this Agreement), the Purchase Price shall not, in any respect, be reduced, 
nor shall Purchaser be entitled to any damages by reason thereof. Purchaser agrees that upon 
settlement at Closing, it shall be deemed and considered as full compliance by Seller of all 
representations and warranties made by Seller in this Agreement, and all obligations and 
agreements by Seller to be performed, except those obligations and agreements stated in this 
Agreement to expressly survive the Closing. 
4.4 
If the Property shall, at the time of Closing, be subject to any liens, judgments, 
encumbrances or other title defects which are not otherwise Permitted Exceptions, the same shall 
not be deemed an objection to title or grounds for Purchaser's refusal to close hereunder; 
provided, that, at Closing, either: (a) Seller uses all or a portion of the Purchase Price to satisfy 
the same and delivers to Purchaser and/or the Title Company instruments in recordable form 
sufficient to satisfy and discharge of record such liens and encumbrances, together with the cost 
of recording or filing such instruments; or (b) the Title Company will otherwise issue or bind 
itself to issue a policy which will insure Purchaser against collection thereof from, or 
enforcement thereof, against the Property. Upon request, Purchaser agrees to provide (out of the 
balance of the Purchase Price), at Closing, separate certified or official bank checks, as directed 
by Seller, to facilitate the satisfaction or removal of any of such liens or defects. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in Articles 4 or 5 to the contrary, Purchaser may at any time 
accept such title as Seller can convey, without reduction of the Purchase Price. 
4.5 
Purchaser agrees to purchase the Property subject to any and all notes or notices 
of violations of law, or municipal ordinances, orders, designations or requirements whatsoever 
noted in or issued by any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, agency or 
bureau or any other governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Premises (collectively, 
"Violations") and any condition or state of repair or disrepair or other matter or thing, whether 
or not noted, which, if noted, would result in a Violation being placed on the Premises, provided 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807911
--- PAGE 13 ---
that Seller shall at the time of Closing pay any liquidated fine imposed with respect to any and 
all such Violations or give Purchaser a credit against the Purchase Price for such amounts, in all 
cases not exceeding One Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($100,000.00) in the aggregate. 
Seller shall have no duty to remove or comply with or repair any condition, matter or thing 
whether or not noted, which resulted in a Violation, or which, if noted, would result in a 
Violation being placed on the Hotel, and Seller shall have no duty to remove or comply with or 
repair any of the aforementioned Violations or other conditions, or to remove the same of record, 
and Purchaser shall accept the Property subject to all such Violations, the existence of any 
conditions at the Premises which would give rise to such Violations, if any, and any 
governmental claims arising from the existence of such Violations, in each case without any 
abatement of or credit against the Purchase Price. 
5. APPORTIONMENTS.
5.1 
The following items are to be apportioned as of 11:59 
on the day 
immediately prior to the Closing Date (the "Apportionment Date"): 
5.1.1 
Real estate taxes, sewer rents and taxes, water rates and charges (to the 
extent not accounted for pursuant to Section 5.1.1 above), vault charges and taxes, business 
improvement district taxes and assessments and any other governmental taxes, charges or 
assessments levied or assessed against the Property (collectively, "Property Taxes"), on the 
basis of the respective periods for which each is assessed or imposed; 
5.1.1.1 
Property Taxes shall be apportioned on the basis of the fiscal period 
for which assessed. If the Closing Date shall occur before an assessment is made or a tax 
rate is fixed for the tax period in which the Closing Date occurs, the apportionment of 
such Property Taxes based thereon shall be made at the Closing Date by applying the tax 
rate for the preceding year to the latest assessed valuation, but, promptly after the 
assessment and/or tax rate for the current year are fixed, the apportionment thereof shall 
be recalculated and Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be, shall make an appropriate 
payment to the other within five (5) business days based on such recalculation. If as of 
the Closing Date, the Property or any portion thereof shall be affected by any special or 
general assessments which are or may become payable in installments of which the first 
installment is then a lien and has become payable, Seller shall pay the unpaid installments 
of such assessments which are due prior to the Closing Date and Purchaser shall pay the 
installments which are due on or after the Closing Date. In the event either party 
succeeds in obtaining a reduction of any Property Taxes, then any refund or recovery 
(whether in the form of a check, statement or account credit or future rate reductions (to 
the extent attributable to a refund or recovery for prior overpayments) or otherwise) shall 
be apportioned between the parties as of the Apportionment Date; provided, that any 
reasonable costs and fees of either party applicable to obtaining said reduction (provided 
there is a recovery or refund resulting therefrom) shall be apportioned pro rata in 
accordance with the respective percentages (as of the Apportionment Date) of the 
recovery or refund received or paid by Seller and Purchaser. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807912
--- PAGE 14 ---
5.1.2 
Fuel, if any, as estimated by Seller's supplier, at current cost, together with 
any sales taxes payable in connection therewith, if any (a letter from Seller's fuel supplier shall 
be conclusive evidence as to the quantity of fuel on hand and the current cost therefor); 
5.1.3 
Prepaid fees for licenses and other permits assigned to Purchaser at the 
Closing, if any; 
5.1.4 
Contracts; and 
Amounts prepaid or payable by the owner of the Property under the Service 
5.1.5 
Advance Deposits and other amounts received by Seller (whether paid in 
cash or by credit card) in respect of Bookings to be fulfilled on or after the Closing Date; 
5.1.6 
prepaid operating and advertising expenses; 
5.1.7 
commissions of credit and referral organizations related to bookings for 
which Purchaser shall receive payment; 
5.1.8 
outstanding gift certificates; 
5.1.9 
if the Closing occurs on any date other than the first day of a calendar 
month, Purchaser shall pay to Seller the interest on the PM Loan for the period from the Closing 
Date through the last day of the calendar month in which the Closing occurs; and 
5.1.10 
all other charges and fees which are customarily prorated and adjusted in 
similar transactions. 
5.2 
If there are water meters at the Property, the unfixed water rates and charges and 
sewer rents and taxes covered by the meters, if any, shall be apportioned, to the extent not paid 
directly by any tenant: (a) on the basis of an actual reading done within thirty (30) days prior to 
the Apportionment Date; or (b) if such reading has not been made, on the basis of the last 
available reading. If the apportionment is not based on an actual current reading, then upon the 
taking of a subsequent actual reading, the parties shall, within ten (10) business days following 
notice of the determination of such actual reading, readjust such apportionment and Seller shall 
deliver to Purchaser or Purchaser shall deliver to Seller, as the case may be, the amount 
determined to be due upon such readjustment. 
5.3 
Charges for all electricity, steam, gas and other utility services, to the extent not 
paid directly by any tenant (collectively, "Utilities") shall be billed to Seller's account up to the 
Apportionment Date and, from and after the Apportionment Date, all Utilities shall be billed to 
Purchaser's account. If for any reason such changeover in billing is not practicable as of the 
Closing Date as to any Utility, such Utility shall be apportioned on the basis of actual current 
readings or, if such readings have not been made, on the basis of the most recent bills that are 
available. If any apportionment is not based on an actual current reading, then upon the taking of 
a subsequent actual reading, the parties shall, within ten (10) business days following notice of 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807913
--- PAGE 15 ---
the determination of such actual reading, readjust such apportionment and Seller shall promptly 
deliver to Purchaser, or Purchaser shall promptly deliver to Seller, as the case may be, the 
amount determined to be due upon such adjustment. 
5.4 
All deposits (including any interest thereon due the party making such deposit) 
from guests or others made as security or in connection with future services to be rendered, shall 
be credited to Purchaser at the Closing. Purchaser shall assume responsibility for the amount so 
credited and shall hold Seller harmless therefrom. Seller shall hold Purchaser harmless from any 
liability for deposits paid to or held by Seller and not so credited with respect to the Property. 
5.5 
Hotel Operation Apportionments: 
5.5.1 
Room Revenue. 
All revenues received or to be received from 
transient guests on account of room rents for the period ending on the Apportionment Date shall 
belong to Seller, and for the period beginning on the day immediately following the 
Apportionment Date such revenues shall belong to Purchaser; provided, however, that revenues 
received or "posted" in the normal course after the time Seller normally closes its front desk 
activity for the "night" audit for the Apportionment Date (the "Front Desk Closing Hour") shall 
belong to Purchaser. The accounts receivable of registered uests at the Property who have not 
checked out and were occupying rooms as of 11:59 
on the Apportionment Date are 
collectively called the "Current Ledger"; the portion of the Current Ledger that relates to the 
night preceding the Closing Date (the "Pre-Closing Ledger") shall be split 50/50 between Seller 
and Purchaser net of sales and occupancy taxes, which shall be paid to Seller, who shall pay to 
the appropriate taxing authority the sales and occupancy taxes assessed on the entire Pre-Closing 
Ledger. At Closing, Purchaser shall pay over to Seller the Seller's share of the proceeds of the 
Current Ledger attributable to each guest's account for the period ending on the Apportionment 
Date, less two percent (2%) of Seller's share to account for applicable credit card and travel 
agent commissions allocable to such share, which commissions shall be paid by Purchaser out of 
such proceeds when and as collected. 
5.5.2 
Accounts Receivable & Accounts Payable. (a) 
All 
accounts 
receivable (other than the Current Ledger) originating on or before the Apportionment Date shall 
be purchased by Purchaser at Closing, for which Purchaser shall pay Seller, in addition to the 
Purchase Price, (i) the full face value of all receivables aged not more than thirty (30) days, (ii) 
ninety percent (90%) of the face value of all receivables aged between thirty (30) and sixty (60) 
days, and (iii) seventy-five percent (75%) of the face value of all receivables aged more than 
sixty (60) days. Purchaser shall have the right to receive, collect, discharge and compromise all 
such accounts receivable. A list of all such accounts receivable (other than the Current Ledger) 
shall be presented to and initialed by Purchaser and Seller at Closing. Any indebtedness, 
accounts payable, liabilities or obligations of any kind or nature related to Seller or the Property 
for the periods prior to and including the Apportionment Date shall be retained and paid by 
Seller, and Purchaser shall not be or become liable therefor, except to the extent, if any, that 
Purchaser receives a credit therefor at Closing or otherwise assumes such liabilities pursuant to 
this Agreement. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807914
--- PAGE 16 ---
5.5.3 
Food & Beverage and Vending Machine Revenue. Any and all revenues 
earned or derived by Seller from the operation of the Hotel or the sale of goods or services to 
guests, patrons, or occupants of the Hotel on or before the Apportionment Date, other than 
revenues described in Section 5.5.1, but including, without limitation, revenues from the sale of 
food, the sale of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, rental of meeting and banquet rooms, 
telephone sales, pay television sales, valet and parking services, and other similar revenues, 
together with any sales tax or other taxes thereon, shall belong to Seller. Vending machine 
proceeds shall be counted as close to the Front Desk Closing Hour as is possible and the net 
amount thereof shall be credited to Seller at Closing. 
5.5.4 
Accounting. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all 
apportionments and adjustments shall be made on an accrual basis in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A final accounting of the apportionments and adjustments shall 
be prepared by Seller's and Purchaser's representatives at the Hotel on the Apportionment Date 
or on the Closing Date (in either case, subject to adjustment as provided below). The results of 
the accounting shall be incorporated into the Closing Statement and. To the extent the exact 
amount of any adjustment item provided for in this Article 5 cannot be precisely determined on 
the Closing Date, the parties shall estimate the amount thereof, for purposes of computing the net 
amount due Seller or Purchaser pursuant to this Article 5 and shall determine the exact amount 
thereof not later than one hundred eighty (180) days after the Closing Date; provided, however 
with respect to any real estate taxes, personal property taxes, special assessments and vault 
charges, if any, the determination will be made on or before the later of one hundred eighty (180) 
days after the Closing Date or the date of Purchaser's receipt of such tax or assessment bills. 
5.5.5 
Employees. 
Seller shall be solely responsible for any liability for 
payment of all employees' wages, accrued vacation pay, bonuses, pension benefits and other 
benefits earned by and due to or accrued to employees at the Property through 11:59 la on the 
Apportionment Date, together with F.I.C.A., unemployment and other taxes and benefits due 
from any employer of such employees. Purchaser shall be solely responsible for the payment of 
all such amounts from and after 11:59 
on the Apportionment Date. 
5.5.6 
Unopened Fixed Asset Supplies and Inventories. At Closing, Seller shall 
receive a credit for the cost of any unopened Fixed Asset Supplies and Inventories at the Hotel 
on the Apportionment Date. The parties will cooperate in a preparation of an inventory of same 
two (2) days prior to the Closing Date. 
5.5.7 
House Funds. At Closing, Seller shall receive a credit for all the cash on 
hand at the Hotel as of the Closing Date, and such cash on hand shall become the property of 
Purchaser as of the Closing. 
5.6 
Agreement. 
The provisions of this Article 5 shall survive the Closing or termination of this 
6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARTIES. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807915
--- PAGE 17 ---
6.1 
Seller warrants, represents and covenants to and with Purchaser that the following 
are true and correct on the date hereof in all material respects: 
6.1.1 
Seller is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing in 
the State of Delaware and authorized to transact business in the State of New York. 
6.1.2 
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated herein have been duly authorized by all requisite action of Seller. 
6.1.3 
Seller is not a "foreign person" within the meaning of Section 1445 of the 
Internal Revenue Code 1986, as amended, or any regulations promulgated thereunder 
(collectively, the "Code"). 
6.1.4 
To Seller's knowledge, there are no condemnation or eminent domain 
proceedings pending, or to Seller's actual knowledge, threatened, in writing, against the Property. 
6.1.5 
To Seller's knowledge, there is no action, suit, litigation, hearing or 
administrative proceeding pending against Seller, with respect to all or any portion of the 
Property in each case which is not or would not be covered by insurance and which, if adversely 
determined, would have a material adverse effect on the use or operation of Property or prohibit 
Seller from consummating the transactions contemplated herein. 
6.1.6 
Except for the Equipment Leases, Seller has entered into no leases, licenses 
or other occupancy agreements affecting any portion of the Property as of the date hereof which 
will be binding upon Purchaser following the Closing Date. True and complete copies of the 
Access Group Equipment Lease documents identified on Schedule 1 have been made available 
to Purchaser. The Equipment Leases are in full force and effect. Seller has received no written 
notices of any default by Seller under the Equipment Leases, and Seller knows of no material 
defaults by any other party to the Equipment Leases. 
6.1.7 
Seller has entered into no service, maintenance, supply, brokerage or other 
contracts in connection with the ownership, use, maintenance and/or operation of the Property as 
of the date hereof which will be binding on the Purchaser following the Closing Date, other than 
the Service Contracts. True and complete copies of the Service Contracts identified on Schedule 
have been made available to Purchaser. Each of the Service Contracts are in full force and 
effect. Seller has received no written notices of any default by Seller under any of the Service 
Contracts, and Seller knows of no material defaults by any other party to the Service Contracts. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, Seller does not represent 
or warrant that any particular Service Contract will be in force or effect as of the Closing or that 
the other parties thereto will not be in default thereunder, nor shall it be a condition to 
Purchaser's obligation to close hereunder that any Service Contract be in effect at the Closing 
Date or that there not be any default thereunder. 
6.1.8 
There are no union or collective bargaining agreements affecting the 
Property other than (i) the Collective Bargaining Agreement, effective July 1, 2013 between the 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807916
--- PAGE 18 ---
Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. ("HANYC") and the Associated Hotels and Motels of 
Greater New York ("AHMGNY"), as employer and The New York Hotel and Motels Trade 
Council, AFL-CIO (the "Union"), as amended and extended pursuant to that certain 
Memorandum of Understanding, dated as of June 
, 2015 by and among HANY and 
AHMGNY, as employer and the Union, as the same has been or may hereafter be amended from 
time to time (the "Collective Bargaining Agreement"), and (ii) that certain "side letter" of May 
12, 2015 (the "CBA Side Letter") between the Union and Seller's predecessor-in-interest 
regarding the Collective Bargaining Agreement. Seller has received no written notice regarding 
any default by Seller under the Collective Bargaining Agreement. 
6.1.9 
There are no existing management agreements relating to the Property other 
than that certain Management Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2015, made by and between Life 
Hotel Operator LLC (Seller's predecessor-in-interest), as owner, and GAM Hospitality, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company ("Manager"), as manager, as assigned to Seller pursuant to 
that certain Consent, Assignment and Assumption of Management Agreement, dated as of May 
27, 2016, made by and among Life Hotel Operator LLC, Seller and Manager (such agreement, as 
assigned, the "Management Agreement"). A true and complete copy of the Management 
Agreement has been made available to Purchaser. The Management Agreement is in full force 
and effect. Seller has received no written notices of any default by Seller under the Management, 
and Seller knows of no material defaults by Manager under the Management Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, Seller does not represent 
or warrant that the Management Agreement will be in force or effect as of the Closing or that the 
Manager will not be in default thereunder, nor shall it be a condition to Purchaser's obligation to 
close hereunder that the Management Agreement be in effect at the Closing Date or that there not 
be any default thereunder. 
6.2 
As used in this Agreement or in any certificate or other document delivered 
pursuant hereto, the phrases "to the best of Seller's knowledge", "to Seller's knowledge", "to 
Seller's actual knowledge" and any derivations thereof shall be construed to mean the current, 
actual knowledge of David Mitchell without any obligation to make any investigation or inquiry, 
and shall not include any knowledge which may be imputed to Seller or the knowledge of any 
other person. Purchaser acknowledges that the individual named above is named solely for the 
purpose of defining and narrowing the scope of Seller's knowledge and not for the purpose of 
imposing any personal liability on or creating any duties running from such individual to 
Purchaser. Purchaser covenants that it will bring no action of any kind against such individual, 
related to or arising out of these representations and warranties. 
6.3 
Purchaser hereby warrants, represents and covenants to and with Seller that the 
following are true and correct as of the date hereof and which shall remain and be true and 
correct as of the Closing: 
6.3.1 
Purchaser is a 
duly organized and validly existing in the 
State of 
, and has taken all necessary action to authorize this purchase and 
consummate the transactions contemplated herein. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807917
--- PAGE 19 ---
6.3.2 
Purchaser has full power and right to enter into this Agreement and full 
power and right to consummate the transactions contemplated herein and no other consents or 
approval by or from any other party are necessary for Purchaser to consummate these 
transactions. 
6.3.3 
Purchaser's Federal Employer Identification Number is 
6.3.4 
There are no suits pending or threatened which might result in a material 
adverse change in the condition of Purchaser or otherwise prevent Purchaser from consummating 
the transactions contemplated herein. 
6.3.5 
This Agreement constitutes a binding agreement upon Purchaser and is 
enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
6.3.6 
Purchaser is not acquiring the Property with the assets of an employee 
benefit plan (as defined in §3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended, or, if plan assets will be used to acquire the Property, Purchaser will deliver to Seller at 
Closing a certificate containing such factual representations as shall permit Seller and its counsel 
to conclude that no prohibited transaction would result from the consummation of the transaction 
contemplated by this Agreement. Purchaser is not a "party in interest" within the meaning of 
§3(3) of ERISA with respect to any beneficial owner of Seller. The provisions of this Section 
6.3.6 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
6.3.7 
Neither Purchaser nor any of its constituents have engaged in any dealings 
or transactions, directly or indirectly: (a) in contravention of any U.S., international or other 
money laundering regulations or conventions, including, without limitation, the United States 
Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the United States 
International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, Trading 
with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. § I et seq., as amended), or any foreign asset control regulations 
of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any 
enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto; or (b) in contravention of the Uniting and 
Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct 
Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107-56), Executive Order No. 13224 dated September 24, 
2001 issued by the President of the United States (Executive Order Blocking Property and 
Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support 
Terrorism), as may be amended or supplemented from time to time ("Anti-Terrorism Order") 
or on behalf of terrorists or terrorist organizations, including those persons or entities that are 
included on any relevant lists maintained by the United Nations, North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization, Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development, Financial Action Task 
Force, U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission, U.S. 
Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Central Intelligence Agency, U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service, or any country or organization, all as may be amended from time to time. The 
provisions of this Section 6.3.7 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807918
--- PAGE 20 ---
6.3.8 
Neither Purchaser nor any of its constituents: (a) are or will be conducting 
any business or engaging in any transaction with any person appearing on the U.S. Treasury 
Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control list of restrictions and prohibited persons; or (b) 
are a person described in §1 of the Anti-Terrorism Order, and to the best of Purchaser's 
knowledge, respectively neither Purchaser nor any of its affiliates have engaged in any dealings 
or transactions, or otherwise been associated with any such person. The provisions of this 
Section 6.3.8 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
6.3.9 
Purchaser, for itself and its agents, affiliates, successors and assigns, hereby 
releases and forever discharges Seller, its employees, agents, affiliates, successors and assigns 
from any and all rights, claims and demands at law or in equity, whether known or unknown at 
the time of this Agreement, which Purchaser has or may have in the future, arising out of the 
physical and/or environmental condition of the Property, including, without limitation, any claim 
for indemnification or contribution arising under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, 
Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. §§ 9601 et seq.) or any similar Federal, State or 
local statute, rule or ordinance relating to liability of property owners for environmental matters. 
The provisions of this Section 6.3.9 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
6.3.10 
Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Seller and acknowledges and 
agrees that Purchaser has made an independent investigation of the Property, Tangible Property, 
Rights, Laws and Regulations, Collective Bargaining Agreement, Service Contracts and 
Equipment Leases and all other matters affecting the use, operation, condition, rights, and all 
other considerations which Purchaser has or may hereafter have (collectively, the "Diligence 
Items"), and the physical or other conditions and qualities thereof. Furthermore, Purchaser is 
fully aware of the condition of the Diligence Items and Seller has not made nor has Purchaser 
relied upon any representation, warranty or promise with respect to the condition, value or state 
of repair of the Property, except as specifically set forth in this Agreement. Purchaser agrees to 
accept the Property in its "AS-IS", "WHERE-IS" and "WITH ALL FAULTS" condition as of 
the Closing Date, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, and free from any warranties, 
express or implied, as to condition, merchantability, habitability, use for any particular purpose 
and any and all other matters concerning the Diligence Items. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, Purchaser has not relied on any representations or warranties, and Seller has not 
made any representations or warranties, in either case, express or implied (except as expressly set 
forth in this Agreement), as to: (a) the current or future real estate tax liability, assessment or 
valuation of the Diligence Items; (b) the potential qualification of all or any Diligence Items for 
any benefits conferred by federal, state or municipal laws, whether for subsidies, special real 
estate tax treatment, insurance, financing, or any other benefits, whether similar or dissimilar to 
those enumerated; (c) the compliance of the Property, in its current or any future state, with 
applicable zoning ordinances and the ability to obtain a variance in respect to the Property and 
possible noncompliance with any zoning ordinance or the existence of development rights; (d) 
the availability of any financing for the purchase, alteration, rehabilitation, maintenance, 
operation of the Property (or its compliance of or with any Diligence Items) from any source, 
including but not limited to Municipal, County, State, City or Federal governments, authorities 
or any institutional or private lenders; (e) the current or future use of the Diligence Items; and/or 
(0 the compliance of the Diligence with any environmental laws or other laws involving safety, 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807919
--- PAGE 21 ---
health or welfare of persons and/or the environment. Seller is not liable or bound in any manner 
by, and makes no representations or warranties whatsoever with respect to, any verbal or written 
statements, representations, real estate brokers' "setups" or information pertaining to the 
Diligence Items furnished by any real estate broker, agent, employee, attorney or other person, 
unless the same are expressly set forth in this Agreement as a representation of Seller. Purchaser 
has made the foregoing representations and warranties with full and actual knowledge that Seller 
is relying on the same and that without Purchaser's having made the foregoing representations 
and warranties, Seller would not enter into this Agreement. Purchaser assumes the full risk of 
any loss or damage occasioned by any fact, circumstance, condition or defect pertaining to the 
Property caused or arising out of the acts or omissions of the tenants at the Property and any 
persons claiming through or against said tenants and, except as expressly provided herein, 
Purchaser assumes the full risk of any other loss or damage occasioned by any other fact, 
circumstance, condition or defect pertaining to the Property. The provisions of this Section 
6.3.10 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
6.4 
The representations and warranties of Seller contained in Section 6.1 shall survive 
the Closing for one hundred eighty (180) days following the Closing Date (the "Limitation 
Period"), and any action thereon by Purchaser must be commenced as and within the time 
periods provided in this Section 6.4 time being of the essence. Each such representation and 
warranty shall automatically be null and void and of no further force and effect on the one 
hundred eighty-first (18151) day following the Closing Dat. Purchaser's sole remedy for any 
breach by Seller of any representation or warranty expressly contained in this Agreement 
(subject to Sections 6.5  and 6.6) shall be to commence a legal proceeding against Seller alleging 
Seller's breach of such representation or warranty and that Purchaser shall have suffered actual 
damages as a result thereof (a "Proceeding"), which Proceeding must be commenced, if at all, 
within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Limitation Period. If Purchaser shall have 
timely commenced a Proceeding and a court of competent jurisdiction shall, pursuant to a final, 
non-appealable order in connection with such Proceeding, determine that: (a) Seller was in 
breach of the applicable representation or warranty; (b) Purchaser suffered actual damages 
("Damages") by reason of such breach; and (c) Purchaser did not have knowledge of such 
breach on or prior to the Closing Date and is not deemed to have knowledge of such breach 
pursuant to Section 6.5, then Purchaser shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the 
Damages, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.6. Any such Damages, subject to the 
limitations contained herein, shall be paid within thirty (30) days following the entry of such 
final, non-appealable order and delivery of a copy thereof to Seller. 
6.5 
The representations and warranties of Seller set forth herein are subject to the 
following limitations: (a) to the extent that Seller has delivered or made available to Purchaser or 
its representative any Diligence Items at any time prior to Closing, and such Diligence Items 
contain provisions inconsistent with any of such representations and warranties, and Purchaser 
proceeds to effectuate the Closing hereunder, then such representations and warranties shall be 
deemed to have been modified to conform to the provisions and/or information contained 
therein, and Purchaser shall be deemed to have knowledge thereof; and (b) in the event that, prior 
to the Closing, Purchaser or any of its representatives shall obtain knowledge of any information 
that is contradictory to, and would constitute the basis of a breach of, any representation or 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807920
--- PAGE 22 ---
warranty or failure to satisfy any condition on the part of Seller, then, prior to Closing, Purchaser 
must deliver notice to Seller specifying such information. 
In the event Purchaser does not 
deliver such notice to Seller, such representation or warranty will be deemed to not have been 
breached and Purchaser shall not be entitled to bring any action after the Closing Date based on 
such representation or warranty. 
6.6 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Purchaser may not 
bring any action against Seller for a breach of any representation, warranty, indemnity or 
covenant of Seller contained in this Agreement or in any agreement delivered by Seller to 
Purchaser at Closing shall be limited to claims in excess of One Hundred Thousand and No/I00 
($100,000.00) Dollars in the aggregate (provided that Purchaser may recover the entirety of such 
claim from the "first dollar", subject to the limit on Seller's liability contain in this sentence), and 
Seller's aggregate liability for any and all claims arising out of any such covenants, 
representations and warranties shall not exceed Two Million and No/100 ($2,000,000.00) 
Dollars. In addition, in no event shall Seller be liable for any incidental, consequential, indirect, 
punitive, special or exemplary damages, or for lost profits, unrealized expectations or other 
similar claims, and in every case Purchaser's recovery for any claims referenced above shall be 
net of any insurance proceeds and any indemnity, contribution or other similar payment 
recovered or recoverable by Purchaser from any insurance company, tenant, or other third party. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in the Promissory Note, 
the Mortgage, the Pledge Agreement or any other PM Loan Documents, in no event shall any of 
Purchaser or any of its affiliates be entitled to any claims or offsets against any of their 
respective obligations under any of the PM Loan Documents with respect to any claims which 
Purchaser may have against Seller under this Agreement, and Purchaser hereby acknowledges 
and agrees that any recovery which Purchaser may seek against Seller with respect to any breach 
by Seller of this Agreement must be sought and brought in a claim against Seller under this 
Agreement, pursuant to the express terms hereof. 
The provisions of this Section 6.6 shall 
survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
7. CLOSING DELIVERIES. 
7.1 
At or prior to the Closing, Seller shall make, have made or caused to be made, the 
following deliveries: 
7.1.1 
Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Purchaser a bargain and 
sale deed for the Land, without covenants against grantor's acts, substantially in the form 
annexed hereto as Exhibit C, sufficient to convey fee simple title to the Property subject to, and 
in accordance with, the provisions of this Agreement (the "Deed"). 
7.1.2 
Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Purchaser, an assignment, 
substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit D (the "Assignment and Assumption of 
Equipment Leases") expressly made without representation or warranty by or recourse to Seller 
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, of all Seller's right, title and interest in and to 
any Equipment Leases affecting the Property. Purchaser shall accept such assignment and shall 
assume all obligations of Seller under the Equipment Leases. Seller shall deliver Seller's original 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807921
--- PAGE 23 ---
counterparts or copies of all material documents comprising such Equipment Leases (to the 
extent in Seller's possession). 
7.1.3 
Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Purchaser, an assignment, 
substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit E (the "Assignment and Assumption of 
Service Contracts") expressly made without representation or warranty by or recourse to Seller 
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, of all Seller's right, title and interest in and to 
any Service Contracts affecting the Property which Purchaser has elected to assume pursuant to 
Section 8.1.2. Purchaser shall accept such assignment and shall assume all obligations of Seller 
under such Service Contracts. Seller shall deliver Seller's original counterparts or copies of all 
material documents comprising such Service Contracts (to the extent in Seller's possession). 
7.1.4 
Upon request, Seller shall execute and deliver to Purchaser a bill of sale, 
substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit F (the "Bill of Sale"), expressly made 
without representation or warranty by or recourse to Seller, conveying and transferring to 
Purchaser all right, title and interest of Seller in and to all Personal Property (to the extent owned 
by Seller) in the nature of personal property attached or appurtenant to, or located on, or used in 
connection with the use or operation of, or used or adapted for use in connection with the 
enjoyment or occupancy of, the Property, specifically excluding, however, the Excluded 
Property. 
7.1.5 
Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Purchaser, an assignment, 
substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit G (the "Assignment and Assumption of 
Collective Bargaining Agreement") expressly made without representation or warranty by or 
recourse to Seller except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, of all Seller's right, title and 
interest in and to the Collective Bargaining Agreement. 
7.1.6 
If Purchaser elects to assume the Management Agreement pursuant to 
Section 8.1.2, Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Purchaser, an assignment 
expressly made without representation or warranty by or recourse to Seller except as otherwise 
provided in this Agreement, of all Seller's right, title and interest in and to the Management 
Agreement (the "Assignment and Assumption of Management Agreement"). 
7.1.7 
All keys and combinations to any portion of the Property to the extent in 
Seller's possession or control. 
7.1.8 
An authorizing resolution and such other documents as may be reasonably 
necessary to evidence the authority and capacity of Seller and the authority of the signatory for 
Seller. 
7.1.9 
A certificate duly executed and acknowledged by Seller, in accordance with 
Section 1445 of the Code. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807922
--- PAGE 24 ---
7.1.10 
Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver a New York City Department 
of Finance Real Property Transfer Tax Return in respect of the Property (the "City Transfer 
Tax Return"), a Combined Real Estate Transfer Tax Return and Credit Line Mortgage 
Certification Form TP-584 in respect to the Property (the "State Transfer Tax Return") and a 
New York State Real Property Transfer Report (the "RP-5217"). 
7.1.11 
Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver the Pledge Agreement. 
7.1.12 
Seller shall execute and deliver a closing statement, reflecting all prorations 
and adjustments to the Purchase Price set forth in this Agreement (the "Closing Statement"). 
7.1.13 
Seller shall execute and deliver the IP License Agreement. 
7.2 
At or prior to the Closing, Purchaser shall make, have made or caused to be made, 
the following deliveries: 
7.2.1 
Payment to Seller of the Cash Portion of the balance of the Purchase Price, 
subject to adjustment and proration as provided herein. 
7.2.2 
An authorizing resolution and an incumbency certificate, and such other 
documents as may be reasonably necessary to evidence the authority and capacity of Purchaser 
and the authority of the signatory for Purchaser; 
7.2.3 
Purchaser shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Seller counterparts of 
the Assignment and Assumption of Service Contracts, Assignment and Assumption of 
Equipment Leases, Assignment and Assumption of Collective Bargaining Agreement, (if 
applicable) the Assignment and Assumption of Management Agreement and the IP License 
Agreement. 
7.2.4 
Purchaser shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Seller counterparts of 
the State Transfer Tax Return, City Transfer Tax Return and RP-5217. 
7.2.5 
Purchaser shall execute and deliver the Closing Statement. 
7.2.6 
Purchaser shall (i) execute, acknowledge and deliver the Promissory Note, 
the Mortgage, the Pledge Agreement and (ii) deliver the Pledge Certificates, (iii) cause the Title 
Company to issue to Seller a lender's title insurance policy insuring the Mortgage, subject only 
to the Senior Loan and the Permitted Exceptions (the "PM Title Policy"), and (iv) deliver to 
Seller evidence of Purchaser's insurance coverage for the Hotel as required under the Mortgage. 
7.3 
At or prior to the Closing, Seller and Purchaser shall each execute, acknowledge 
(if necessary) and deliver such other instruments as are reasonably required by the Title 
Company or otherwise reasonably required to consummate the transactions contemplated herein; 
provided, that Purchaser shall not be obligated to execute and deliver to Seller any additional 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807923
--- PAGE 25 ---
instruments or certificate if such document would require Purchaser to make any representations 
or assume any liabilities broader than the liabilities contained herein or in any document herein 
expressly required to be delivered by Purchaser at Closing (for the avoidance of doubt, 
Purchaser' failure to deliver any such instruments or documents required by the Title Company 
or Purchaser's lenders, partners or others shall in no ways affect or excuse Purchaser's obligation 
to close hereunder); and provided further, that Seller shall not be obligated to deliver any 
instrument or certificate to any party if such document would require Seller make any 
representation or to assume any liabilities to any third party or with respect to documents to be 
delivered to Purchaser, would require Seller to make any additional representations or to assume 
any liabilities broader than the liabilities contained herein or in any document herein expressly 
required to be delivered by Seller to Purchaser at Closing. Seller and Purchaser hereby designate 
the Title Company as the "Reporting Person" for the transaction pursuant to Section 6045(e) of 
the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
7.4 
Seller and Purchaser acknowledge that the assignment of the Access Point 
Equipment Lease is subject to the consent and approval of Access Point, and accordingly, Seller 
and Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain Access Point's consent, 
including executing any documents or agreements reasonably required by Access Point in 
connection therewith. Additionally, if Access Point refuses to release David Mitchell from his 
obligations under the existing guaranties given by him with respect to the Access Point 
Equipment Lease for the period from and after the Closing Date, then Purchaser shall indemnify 
and hold harmless David Mitchell from and against any losses, liabilities, claims and/or damages 
which David Mitchell may suffer with respect to any obligations under such guarantees on and 
after the Closing Date. Purchaser shall pay all out-of-pocket costs and fees of Access Point in 
connection with obtaining Access Point's approval of the assignment of the Access Point 
Equipment Lease. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser's obligation to effectuate the 
Closing shall in no way be conditioned upon Access Point granting its consent to the assignment 
of the Access Point Equipment Lease, and in the event that Access Point refuses to grant its 
consent to the assignment of the Access Point Equipment Lease, then Purchaser shall pay any 
fees or penalties imposed by Access Point from any early termination of the Access Point 
Equipment Lease. The provisions of this Section 7.4 shall survive the Closing. 
8. DUE DILIGENCE PERIOD; SELLER'S INTERIM RESPONSIBILITIES. 
8.1 
Purchaser's Due Diligence Period. 
8.1.1 
Commencing on the Effective Date and continuing until 5:00 •. 
Eastern 
Time on  
, 2018 [the 30th day after the Effective Date] (the "Due Diligence 
Period"), Purchaser, its employees, contractors, consultants, representatives and agents shall 
have reasonable access to the Property and Seller's records with respect to the Property, at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours, for the purpose of inspecting the Property, 
conducting appropriate tests, including surveys and architectural, engineering, geotechnical and 
environmental inspections and tests, provided that (i) Purchaser must give Seller at least one (1) 
business day's prior telephonic or written notice of any such inspection or test; (ii) Purchaser 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807924
--- PAGE 26 ---
shall not perform any intrusive inspection or test (e.g., core sampling) without Seller's prior 
written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in Seller's sole and absolute 
discretion; (iii) Purchaser, its contractors, agents and representatives must be escorted by a 
representative of Seller during any visit to or inspection of the Property; (iv) Purchaser, its 
employees, representatives, principals and agents shall not reveal the purpose of the inspections 
to any employees or guests of the Hotel, (v) prior to performing any inspection or test, Purchaser 
must deliver a certificate of insurance to Seller evidencing that Purchaser and its contractors, 
agents and representatives have in place Two Million and No/100 ($2,000,000.00) Dollars of 
comprehensive general liability insurance and workers' compensation insurance for its activities 
at the Hotel covering any claims arising in connection with the presence of Purchaser, its 
contractors, agents and representatives at the Hotel, which insurance shall name Seller as an 
additional insured thereunder, (vi) Purchaser's investigations shall be subject to all 
confidentiality requirements set forth in this Agreement. Purchaser shall bear the cost of all such 
inspections or tests. In the event Purchaser elects not to terminate this Agreement at the end of 
the Due Diligence Period, Purchaser shall continue to be afforded access to the Property on 
reasonable advance telephone notice to Seller in accordance with the provisions of this Section 
8.1. 
8.1.2 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Purchaser 
may terminate this Agreement for any reason or no reason by giving written notice of 
termination to Seller and Escrow Agent (the "Due Diligence Termination Notice") on or before 
the last day of the Due Diligence Period, time being of the essence with respect thereto. In such 
event, the Initial Deposit shall be returned to Purchaser, whereupon neither party shall have any 
further obligations under this Agreement except for those obligations which are expressly stated 
herein to survive termination of this Agreement. If Purchaser does not give a Due Diligence 
Termination Notice prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, (i) this Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect; (ii) Purchaser shall cause the Final Deposit to be delivered to 
Escrow Agent pursuant to the terms of Section 2.2.1.2; (iii) Purchaser shall be deemed to have 
waived its right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1. (iv) Purchaser shall be 
deemed to have acknowledged that it has received or had access to the Property and conducted 
all inspections and tests of the Property that it considers important, (v) the Initial Deposit (and, 
when tendered, the Final Deposit) shall become non-refundable to Purchaser except as expressly 
provided in this Agreement, and (vi) prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, 
Purchaser shall notify Seller in writing as to whether Purchaser elects to have Seller assign to 
Purchaser at Closing the Management Agreement and/or any Service Contracts, and at Closing, 
Seller shall assign to Purchaser (and Purchaser shall assume from Seller) all rights and 
obligations under the Management Agreement and any Service Contracts for which Purchaser 
has made such election. 
8.1.3 
In conducting any inspections or investigations of the Property, Purchaser 
and its agents and representatives shall (i) not contact or speak to any Hotel guest or employees, 
(ii) not unreasonably interfere with the operation and maintenance of the Hotel; (iii) not 
unreasonably disturb or damage any part of the Hotel or any personal property owned or held by 
Seller or any third party; (iv) not injure or otherwise cause bodily harm to Seller, any Hotel guest 
or any of their respective agents, guests, invitees, contractors and employees; (v) comply with all 
applicable laws; (vi) promptly pay when due the costs of all tests, investigations, and 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807925
--- PAGE 27 ---
examinations done with regard to the Property; (vii) not permit any liens to attach to the Property 
by reason of the exercise of its rights hereunder; and (viii) repair any damage to the Property 
resulting directly or indirectly from any such inspection or tests. 
8.1.4 
Purchaser shall be responsible for any damage to the Property or other 
property or any injury to any third party caused by the presence of, or any inspections or 
investigations undertaken prior to, on or after, the date hereof, by Purchaser or its agents, 
employees or contractors, and Purchaser agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless 
from and against any and all liens, claims, causes of action, costs, damages, liabilities and 
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements, court costs and claims of 
personal injury and damage to property) resulting from any inspections or tests by Purchaser, its 
agents or representatives under this Agreement or any violation of the provisions this Section 8.1 
by Purchaser, its agents or representatives. Purchaser's obligations under this Section 8.1.4 shall 
survive the termination of this Agreement and shall survive the Closing. 
8.1.5 
As additional consideration for the transaction contemplated in this 
Agreement, Purchaser, as an accommodation to Seller, shall provide to Seller, immediately 
following the receipt of same by Purchaser, copies of any and all reports or studies involving 
contamination of or other environmental concerns relating to the Property, provided however, 
Purchaser shall have no obligation to cause any such studies to be performed on the Property nor 
shall Purchaser be deemed to have represented or warrantied the accuracy of any of the 
information contained in such reports or studies and Purchaser shall have no responsibility or 
liability with respect to such reports or studies. 
8.2 
Seller agrees that during the period between the Effective Date and the Closing: 
8.2.1 
(a) Seller shall cause the operation of the Hotel to be carried on in the 
ordinary course, in a manner consistent with prior practice so as to keep the Property in good 
condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted; (b) Seller shall not alter, in any material respect, its 
accounting principles, procedures, methods or practices in effect at the Property. During the Due 
Diligence Period and upon prompt written notice to Purchaser given prior to the expiration of the 
Due Diligence Period, Seller shall be permitted to terminate or modify existing Equipment 
Leases and Service Contracts, and to enter into new Equipment Leases and Service Contracts in 
the ordinary course of business and on commercially reasonable terms determined by Seller in 
the exercise of its good faith judgment. After expiration of the Due Diligence Period, Seller shall 
not terminate or modify any existing Equipment Leases, Service Contracts or enter into new 
Equipment Leases, or Service Contracts without Purchaser's prior written consent (which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or conditioned), except that (i) Seller shall have the 
right to terminate any existing Equipment Leases or Service Contracts, without the prior written 
consent of Purchaser, by reason of the default of the other party thereto, and (ii) Seller shall have 
the right to modify any existing Equipment Leases and Service Contracts, and/or enter into new 
Equipment Leases or Service Contracts, in each case without the prior written consent of 
Purchaser, provided that any such modified or new Equipment Leases and Service Contracts 
shall include a provision allowing termination thereof by Seller (or its successors), without 
payment of any termination fee or penalty, upon not more than thirty (30) days prior written 
notice. If Purchaser fails to respond to a request for consent pursuant to this Section 8.2.1 within 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807926
--- PAGE 28 ---
five (5) business days after receipt of such written request, such consent shall be deemed given. 
Seller shall provide Purchaser with copies of any such terminations, modifications or new leases 
or agreements promptly after the execution thereof. Except in the ordinary course of business, 
Seller shall not remove or permit to be removed any Personal Property except as necessary for 
repairs or replacements of worn out or obsolete items or inventory turnover in the ordinary 
course of business. 
8.2.2 
Seller shall maintain its present or substantially similar property insurance 
policy(ies), to the extent available at commercially reasonable rates. 
8.2.3 
Seller shall cooperate reasonably, at no cost to Seller, with Purchaser in 
securing the transfer or issuance of any permits or licenses, including, without limitation, a liquor 
license, necessary to permit the lawful, continuous operation of the Property by Purchaser 
immediately following the Closing Date. 
8.2.4 
Following the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, Seller and Purchaser 
shall cooperate in good faith to effect an orderly transition of the ownership of the Hotel and 
other Property and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
In 
implementation thereof, Seller and Purchaser shall each designate a representative to coordinate 
such transition. 
Initially, Seller's representative shall be David Mitchell and Purchaser's 
representative shall be [ 
]. Either party may change its representative from 
time to time by providing Notice to the other party. 
8.3 
Pre-Closing Reservations and Other Revenue Producing Agreements. 
8.3.1 
Purchaser will honor, for its account, the terms and rates of all Bookings 
confirmed by Seller for dates after the Closing Date. Purchaser authorizes Seller to continue to 
accept reservations and enter into Bookings for periods after the Closing Date in the ordinary 
course of Seller's business. Purchaser recognizes that such reservations may include discounts 
or other benefits, frequent traveler awards programs, vacation discount programs, corporate, 
government or group discounts, weekend discounts or requirements that ancillary food, beverage 
or other benefits be delivered by Purchaser to the guest(s) holding such reservations. Purchaser 
agrees to honor all such reservations in accordance with their terms. Any pre-closing deposits 
made to Seller with respect to confirmed reservations for dates after the Closing Date will be 
credited to Purchaser in the Closing Statement. Any post-closing deposits received by Seller 
with respect to confirmed reservations for dates after the Closing Date will be forwarded to 
Purchaser upon receipt. 
8.3.2 
Purchaser will honor, for its account, all of Seller's Bookings that have 
been entered into with groups, persons or other customers for periods after the Closing Date at 
the rates and terms provided in such agreements. Any pre-closing deposits made to Seller with 
respect to Bookings for dates after the Closing Date will be credited to Purchaser at the Closing, 
and any such post-closing deposits received by Seller for periods after the Closing Date will be 
forwarded to Purchaser upon receipt. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807927
--- PAGE 29 ---
8.3.3 
Purchaser agrees that Seller cannot make and has not made any 
representation or warranty that any party holding a room reservation or agreement for Hotel 
facilities or services will utilize such reservation or honor such agreement. Purchaser, by the 
execution hereof, assumes the risk of non-utilization of reservations and non-performance of 
such agreements. 
8.3.4 
Purchaser agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Seller from and 
against any claim that may be asserted against Seller alleging that Purchaser has wrongfully 
failed to honor any such pre-closing Bookings in accordance with their terms for any period 
following the Closing Date. 
8.3.5 
The provisions of this Section 8.3 shall survive the Closing. 
9. DEFAULT.
9.1 
If Purchaser shall fail or refuse to effectuate the Closing when under the 
obligation to do so in accordance with this Agreement or if Purchaser shall otherwise default in 
any of its obligations under this Agreement, then Seller's sole remedy by reason thereof shall be 
to terminate this Agreement upon notice to Purchaser, and, upon such termination, Seller shall be 
entitled to retain the Deposit as liquidated damages for Purchaser's default hereunder (it being 
agreed that the damages to Seller by reason of Purchaser's default are difficult, if not impossible, 
to reasonably ascertain), and thereafter Purchaser and Seller shall have no further rights or 
obligations under this Agreement except for those that are expressly provided in this Agreement 
to survive the termination hereof. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, 
Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser's indemnification obligations which are expressly stated 
herein to survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement are and shall not be limited by the 
amount of submission or forfeiture of the Deposit. 
All such surviving indemnification 
obligations are in addition to, and not reduced by, Seller's entitlement to the Deposit at Closing 
or upon Purchaser's default hereunder and Seller's termination of this Agreement. 
9.2 
If Seller shall default in its obligation to convey to Purchaser at Closing title to the 
Property when under the obligation to do so under, and in accordance with the terms of, this 
Agreement, Purchaser, as its exclusive remedies by reason thereof, shall have the right to either: 
(a) seek to obtain specific performance of Seller's obligations hereunder, provided that any action 
for specific performance shall be commenced within ninety (90) days immediately following the 
then scheduled Closing Date; or (b) to terminate this Agreement and receive a return of the 
Deposit together with any interest earned thereon, and if as the result of Seller's breach, 
Purchaser suffers damages (including a diminution in value of the Property which was to be sold 
pursuant to this Agreement) in excess of $200,000, Purchaser may recover damages equal to 
Purchaser's out-of-pocket costs actually incurred in connection with negotiating and attempting 
to close under this Agreement, provided that in no event shall such damages exceed $100,000 in 
the aggregate. If Purchaser fails to commence an action for specific performance within the 
aforesaid ninety (90) day period, Purchaser's sole remedy shall be to terminate this Agreement in 
accordance with the preceding clause "(b)". To the fullest extent legally permissible, following 
and upon advice of its counsel, Purchaser waives the right to bring any actions or proceedings for 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807928
--- PAGE 30 ---
damages against Seller, except to the extent expressly provided in clause (b) preceding. If 
Purchaser elects to seek specific performance of this Agreement, then as a condition precedent to 
any suit for specific performance, Purchaser shall on or before the then scheduled Closing Date, 
time being of the essence, have been ready, willing and able to fully perform all of its obligations 
hereunder which are capable of being performed. Upon Purchaser's election to terminate and 
Seller's (or Escrow Agent's) return and delivery of the Deposit, this Agreement shall terminate 
and neither party hereto shall have any further obligations hereunder except for those that are 
expressly provided in this Agreement to survive the termination hereof. 
10. CASUALTY; CONDEMNATION. 
10.1 If, prior to the Closing, there shall occur: (a) damage to the Property caused by 
fire or other casualty for which the estimated cost to restore the Property is less than 
$5,000,000.00; (b) or a taking by condemnation of not more than ten (10%) percent of the Land 
or Hotel, then, in either instance: (i) Purchaser shall have no right to terminate this Agreement; 
(ii) Seller shall have no obligation to restore or rebuild any portion of the Property; (iii) the 
Closing shall take place as herein provided, without abatement of the Purchase Price; (iv) Seller 
shall assign to Purchaser at the Closing, all of Seller's interest in and to any insurance proceeds 
or condemnation awards which may be payable to Seller on account of any such fire, casualty or 
condemnation (collectively, an "Award"); (v) Seller shall deliver to Purchaser any such Award 
actually theretofore received, less any amounts (the "Reimbursable Amounts"): (1) reasonably 
expended or incurred by Seller in negotiating, obtaining or adjusting any Award (including, 
without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses); and/or (2) theretofore reasonably 
incurred or expended by or for the account of Seller for the cost of any compliance with laws, 
protective restorations or emergency repairs made by or on behalf of Seller; (vi) Seller shall 
credit against the Purchase Price the amount of the deductible, if any, under Seller's property 
insurance policy(ies), less all Reimbursable Amounts not received by Seller from any Award 
paid to Seller prior to the Closing; and (vii) the net proceeds of any rent interruption insurance, if 
maintained, less Seller's Reimbursable Amounts, if any, shall be appropriately apportioned 
between Purchaser and Seller. 
10.2 
If, prior to the Closing, there shall occur either (i) damage to the Property caused 
by fire or other casualty for which the estimated cost to restore the Property is $5,000,000.00 or 
greater, or (ii) a taking by condemnation of more than ten (10%) percent of the Land or Hotel (a 
"Major Loss"), then Purchaser may terminate this Agreement upon written notice given to 
Seller within ten (10) business days, time being of the essence, after Seller has delivered or 
Purchaser has received actual notice that a Major Loss has occurred. If Purchaser does not elect 
to so terminate this Agreement or fails to timely deliver a termination notice within such ten (10) 
business day period, time being of the essence, then the provisions of clauses "(i)" through 
"(vii)" (both inclusive) of Section 10.1 shall control. 
10.3 
Nothing contained in this Article 10 shall be construed to impose upon Seller any 
obligation to repair any damage or destruction caused by fire or other casualty or condemnation. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807929
--- PAGE 31 ---
10.4 
In the event of a casualty or condemnation, then prior to the Closing Date, Seller 
shall have the exclusive right to negotiate, compromise or contest the obtaining of any Awards, 
subject to Purchaser's approval of any final settlements, which approval shall not be 
unreasonably withheld conditioned or delayed, and from and after the Closing Date, Purchaser 
shall have the exclusive right to negotiate, compromise or contest the obtaining of any Awards, 
subject to Seller's approval of any final settlements, which approval shall not be unreasonably 
withheld conditioned or delayed. The parties shall reasonably cooperate with one another in 
order to recover any such Award. The provisions of this Section 10.4 shall survive the Closing. 
11. BROKERAGE.
11.1 
Seller and Purchaser each represents and warrants to the other that it has not dealt 
with any real estate broker in connection with this sale, and no broker has negotiated this 
Agreement on its behalf or is entitled to any commission by, through or under it, in each case, 
except for Atlantic International Realty Group, Inc., by Jim Lunny (the "Broker"). Seller shall 
pay any commission due and payable to the Broker pursuant to a separate written agreement 
between Seller and the Broker. Seller and Purchaser shall indemnify and defend each other 
against any costs, claims and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of the 
breach on their respective parts of any representation or agreement contained in this Article II. 
The provisions of this Article 11 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
12. CLOSING COSTS: FEES AND DISBURSEMENTS. 
12.1 
At the Closing, Seller shall pay the New York State Real Estate Transfer Tax 
imposed pursuant to Article 31 and Section 1402 of the New York Tax Law and Title 11 of 
Chapter 21 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York (the "Transfer Taxes") upon or 
payable in connection with the transfer of title to the Land and Hotel and the recordation of the 
Deed, which Transfer Taxes shall, at Seller's election, be allowed for out of the Purchase Price 
and paid by Purchaser on behalf of Seller. Seller and Purchaser shall each execute and/or swear 
to the returns or statements required in connection with the State Transfer Tax. All tax payments 
shall be made payable directly to the order of the appropriate governmental officer or the Title 
Company. Purchaser shall pay all: (a) charges for recording and/or filing the Deed; (b) title 
charges and survey costs, including the premium on Purchaser's Title Policy and the PM Title 
Insurance Policy; (c) costs and expenses in connection with Purchaser's financing, if any, of the 
Purchase Price or the Property (the foregoing shall in no event be deemed to create any 
financing, funding or other contingency), and (d) any filing fees for filing the Financing 
Statement and the costs of recording the Mortgage and any mortgage recording tax payable in 
connection with the Mortgage. Each of the parties hereto shall bear and pay the fees and 
disbursements of its own counsel, accountants and other advisors in connection with the 
negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and the Closing. The provisions of this Article 12 
shall survive the Closing. 
13. NOTICES.
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807930
--- PAGE 32 ---
13.1 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices, demands, requests, 
consents, approvals or other communications (for the purposes of this Article 13 collectively 
referred to as "Notices") required or permitted to be given hereunder or which are given with 
respect to this Agreement, in order to constitute effective notice to the other party, shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed to have been given when: (a) personally delivered (or upon refusal 
of personal delivery); (b) the next business day, when sent by prepaid national overnight courier; 
or (c) upon sender's receipt of "sent mail" confirmation without an "undeliverable" notice, when 
sent by e-mail (with a duplicate copy sent by one of the methods prescribed in clauses a) or (b)), 
provided such confirmation is received between the hours of 9:00 
and 5:30 MM. Eastern 
Time on a business day (and if confirmation is received at any other time, then notice shall be 
deemed given on the immediately following business day). 
In all cases Notices shall be 
addressed to the party to be notified at its Address for Notices set forth in the Contract 
Information Summary or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently 
by like Notice. The attorneys for the parties shall be entitled to give and receive Notices and to 
agree to extensions of time periods hereunder on behalf of their respective clients, and such 
notices and/or extensions of time periods shall be deemed given by said party for all purposes 
hereunder. 
14. ASSUMED LIABILITIES; RETAINED LIABILITIES; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY 
OF SELLER. 
14.1 
At Closing, Purchaser shall assume all liabilities (collectively, the "Assumed 
Liabilities") (a) with respect to the Property to the extent first arising or accruing on or after the 
Closing Date including, without limitation, (i) liabilities to the extent accruing on or after the 
Closing Date under the Service Contracts and Bookings, (ii) liabilities relating to the Property 
resulting from any third-party claim for personal injury or property damage, which injury or 
damage occurred on or after the Closing Date, and (iii) liabilities arising from the employment 
of, or the provision of services to the Property by, those employees hired by Purchaser or its 
manager, to the extent first arising or occurring on or after the Closing Date; (b) with respect to 
taxes relating to the Property to the extent first arising or accruing on or after the Closing Date; 
and (c) for payment of obligations relating to the Property first arising or accruing prior to the 
Closing Date to the extent that Purchaser receives a credit therefor pursuant to this Agreement. 
Purchaser hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Seller from and against any and 
all loss, damage, cost, claim, liability or expense (including, without limitation, court costs and 
reasonable attorneys' fees) suffered or incurred by Seller as a result of any of the Assumed 
Liabilities. 
14.2 
Except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 14.1 above, at Closing, Seller 
shall retain all liabilities of Seller (collectively, the "Retained Liabilities") (a) relating to the 
Property or the Hotel to the extent first arising or accruing prior to the Closing Date, including, 
without limitation, (i) liabilities to the extent accruing prior to the Closing Date under the 
Bookings and Service Contracts, (ii) liabilities resulting from any third-party claim for personal 
injury or property damage which injury or damage first occurred prior to the Closing Date, and 
(iii) liabilities arising from the employment of, or the provision of services to the Property by, 
employees of Seller, first arising or accruing prior to the Closing Date; and (b) with respect to 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807931
--- PAGE 33 ---
taxes relating to the Property, to the extent first arising or accruing prior to the Closing Date, but 
expressly excluding, in each case, all liabilities for payment of obligations first arising or 
accruing prior to the Closing Date to the extent that Purchaser receives a credit therefor pursuant 
to this Agreement. In no event shall the Retained Liabilities include claims that are barred by the 
provisions of Sections 6.4 and 6.5  hereof and shall at all times be subject to the limitations 
contained in Sections 6.6 and 14.3. Seller agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless 
Purchaser of and from all liabilities, losses, damages, costs or expenses (including, without 
limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) which Purchaser may suffer or incur by 
reason of any of the Retained Liabilities. 
14.3 
Purchaser agrees that it does not have and will not have any claims or causes of 
action against any disclosed or undisclosed officer, director, employee, trustee, shareholder, 
partner, principal, parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of Seller, including, without limitation, any 
officer, director, employee, trustee, shareholder, partner or principal of any direct or indirect 
parent, subsidiary or other affiliate (collectively, "Seller's Affiliates"), arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Purchaser agrees to 
look solely to Seller's interest in the Property for the satisfaction of any liability or obligation 
arising under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, or for the performance of 
any of the covenants, warranties or other agreements contained herein, and further agrees not to 
sue or otherwise seek to enforce any personal obligation against any of Seller's Affiliates with 
respect to any matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions 
contemplated hereby. Purchaser hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any and all 
claims and causes of action of any nature whatsoever it may now or hereafter have against 
Seller's Affiliates, and hereby unconditionally and irrevocably releases and discharges Seller's 
Affiliates from any and all liability whatsoever which may now or hereafter accrue in favor of 
Purchaser against Seller's Affiliates, in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby. 
14.4 
The provisions of this Article 14 shall survive the Closing or termination of this 
Agreement. 
15. MISCELLANEOUS.
15.1 
Survival. Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement to survive the 
Closing or termination of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement, including, without 
limitation, the representations and warranties of the parties, shall not survive the Closing or 
termination of this Agreement. 
15.2 
Govemine Law• Jury Waiver Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, 
interpreted under, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New 
York without giving effect to conflict of law principles thereof. Seller and Purchaser hereby 
irrevocably and unconditionally waive any and all right to trial by jury in any action, suit or 
counterclaim arising in connection with, out of or otherwise relating to this agreement. The 
parties hereto agree to submit to personal jurisdiction in the State of New York, counties of New 
York in any action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement and, in furtherance of such 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807932
--- PAGE 34 ---
agreement, the parties hereby agree and consent that without limiting other methods of obtaining 
jurisdiction, personal jurisdiction over the parties in any such action or proceeding may be 
obtained within or without the jurisdiction of any court located in the State of New York, County 
of New York. The provisions of this Section 15.2 shall survive the Closing or termination of this 
Agreement. 
15.3 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts and 
transmitted by facsimile or email by and between the attorneys for the parties, each of which 
shall be deemed an original. 
15.4 
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including all 
exhibits annexed hereto) contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, if any, with respect thereto. This 
Agreement may not be modified, changed, supplemented or terminated, nor may any obligations 
hereunder be waived, except by written instrument signed by the party to be charged or by its 
agent duly authorized in writing or as otherwise expressly permitted herein. The parties do not 
intend to confer any benefit hereunder on any person, firm or corporation other than the parties 
hereto. The provisions of this Section 15.4 shall survive the Closing or termination of this 
Agreement. 
15.5 
Waivers; Extensions. No waiver of any breach of any obligation or provision 
herein contained shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach thereof or of 
any other obligation or provision herein contained. No extension of time for performance of any 
obligations or acts shall be deemed an extension of the time for performance of any other 
obligations or acts. 
15.6 
Recording. Neither this Agreement nor any memorandum thereof may be 
recorded by Purchaser without the prior written consent of Seller. Any breach of this provision, 
at Seller's option, shall be deemed to be a material breach and shall entitle Seller to immediately 
terminate this Agreement and to retain the Deposit hereunder as liquidated damages without 
further liability. 
15.7 
Assignment. Purchaser shall have the right to assign its interest in this Agreement 
together with all of its rights or obligations hereunder or any of the direct or indirect ownership 
interests in Purchaser, in each case without first obtaining Seller's consent thereto, provided that 
(a) no such assignment shall be permitted prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period and 
Purchaser's tender of the Final Deposit; (b) Purchaser shall notify Seller regarding any such 
assignment no later than five (5) business days prior to the Scheduled Closing Date; (c) in no 
event shall the Scheduled Closing Date be extended or adjourned as the result of any such 
assignment, and (d) in the event that Seller receives any consideration for such assignment, 
Purchaser shall pay to Seller at Closing an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of such 
consideration. Any purported assignment or direct or indirect transfer by Purchaser which does 
not comply with the foregoing requirements shall be null and void ab initio. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807933
--- PAGE 35 ---
15.8 
Partial Invalidity. If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application 
thereof to any person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the 
remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such term or provision to persons or 
circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be 
affected thereby, and each term and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and shall be 
enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this Section 15.8 shall survive 
the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
15.9 
Prevailing Parties. Purchaser and Seller agree that in the event of any litigation 
arising between the parties in connection with this Agreement, the losing party shall be 
responsible for payment of the reasonable attorneys' fees of the successful party. Purchaser 
acknowledges and agrees that except as expressly set forth in Section 9.2 and this Section 15.9, 
Purchaser has waived any and all rights to sue Seller for damages (of any nature). The 
provisions of this Section 15.9 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
15.10 Purchaser's Lien. All money paid on account of this Agreement, are hereby made 
liens on the Land and the Hotel, but such liens shall not continue after default by Purchaser under 
this Agreement. 
15.11 Confidentiality. 
Purchaser and Seller shall each (and shall each cause their 
respective principals, agents, employees and consultants to) maintain as confidential any and all 
material obtained about the other and, in the case of Purchaser, about the Property or regarding 
the economic terms of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, and shall not disclose 
such information to any third party except for disclosures to a party's representatives or Title 
Company, as required by court order, subpoena, or in connection with the enforcement of this 
Agreement, and except that Purchaser may disclose such information to any proposed assignee 
of Purchaser's interest in this Agreement pursuant to Section 15.7, provided such proposed 
assignee agrees in writing (on behalf of itself and its principals, agents, employees and 
consultants) to be bound by the confidentiality provisions of this Section 15.11. In addition, 
neither party shall issue any press release or other public announcement regarding this 
transaction without first obtaining the other party's written (which may be given by email) 
approval with respect to the release or announcement and the content thereof. The provisions of 
this Section 15.11 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
15.12 *1031 Exchange. Either party shall have the right to structure the sale of the 
Property as a forward or reverse exchange thereof for other real property of a like-kind to be 
designated by the exchanging party (including, without limitation, the ability to assign this 
Agreement to the individual principals of the exchanging party as tenants-in-common, an entity 
established in order to effectuate such exchange including a qualified intermediary, an exchange 
accommodation title holder or one or more single member limited liability companies that are 
owned by any of the foregoing persons), with the result that the exchange shall qualify for non-
recognition of gain or loss under §103I of the Code, the treasury regulations thereunder and IRS 
Revenue Procedure 2000-37. The non-exchanging party shall execute any and all documents 
reasonably requested by the exchanging party to effect such exchange, and otherwise assist and 
cooperate with the exchanging party in effecting such exchange, provided that any additional 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807934
--- PAGE 36 ---
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the non-exchanging party (other than its own 
attorneys' fees and costs incurred in reviewing such documents) as a result of structuring such 
transaction as an exchange, as opposed to an outright sale, shall be borne by the exchanging 
party, and the non-exchanging party shall incur no liability with respect to such structuring. 
15.13 Business Days. Time is of the essence in this Agreement, subject to the last 
sentence of Section 3.1. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "business day(s)" means 
any day of the year except Saturdays, Sundays and national holidays on which banks are required 
by law to close or are customarily closed in the State of New York. 
15.14 Review by Counsel. The parties acknowledge that each party and its counsel 
have reviewed and revised this Agreement as necessary and that any rule of construction to the 
effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in 
the interpretation of this Agreement or any exhibits hereto. 
15.15 Headings. The titles to the paragraphs are for reference only and neither broaden 
nor confine the scope, content or intent of the paragraphs 
15.16 Relationship of Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed 
as making Purchaser and Seller the partner, agent or joint venturer of the other, and the parties 
shall have no relationship to each other hereunder other than that of vendor and vendee of the 
Property. 
16. UNION AND ERISA ARRANGEMENTS. 
16.1 
(a) At Closing, Purchaser shall be obligated to assume and adopt the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement. Purchaser shall further be obligated to, or to cause its manager or 
contractor to, offer employment to all of the employees at the Property covered by the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement. Seller and Purchaser shall execute the Assignment and Assumption of 
Collective Bargaining Agreement. 
By virtue of this provision, the parties agree and 
acknowledge that they have availed themselves of the terms of section 22-505(d) of the 
Displaced Building Service Workers Protection Act, Section 22-505 of the Administrative Code 
of the City of New York. Purchaser shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless from any liability, 
claims, actions, damages, judgments, penalties, costs, and expenses, including reasonable 
attorneys' fees, related to any failure by Purchaser to comply with the terms of this Section 
16.1(a). 
16.2 
Purchaser shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless from any liability, claims, 
actions, arbitrations, administrative proceedings, damages, judgments, penalties, costs, and 
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, related to any claim with respect to or in 
connection with any employee employed at the Property, including, without limitation, any 
obligation imposed by the Collective Bargaining Agreement or any violation thereof, and any 
pension or health fund obligations imposed by the Collective Bargaining Agreement, in all cases 
accruing and arising from and after the Closing. Seller shall indemnify and hold Purchaser 
harmless from any liability, claims, actions, arbitrations, administrative proceedings, damages, 
judgments, penalties, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees related to any 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807935
--- PAGE 37 ---
claim with respect to or in connection with any employee employed at the Property, including, 
without limitation, any obligation imposed by the Collective Bargaining Agreement or any 
violation thereof, and any pension or health fund obligations imposed by the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement, in all cases accruing and arising prior to the Closing except as otherwise 
provided in this Agreement. 
16.3 
16.3.1 
The parties intend to comply with section 4204 (A) of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and to take any other action 
required or desirable, so that no withdrawal liability is imposed upon Seller as a result of this 
transaction or any subsequent action or omission of Purchaser or any affiliate of Purchaser. To 
that end, Purchaser agrees and covenants: (a) to contribute for the plan year of the sale and the 
Surety Period, to the [New York Hotel Trades Council & Hotel Association of New York City, 
Inc. Pension Fund] (the "Multiemployer Pension Plan") for substantially the same number of 
contribution base units, as defined in Section 4001(a)(11) of ERISA, for which Seller was 
obligated to contribute prior to the Closing Date, and (b) unless a waiver is in effect pursuant to 
Section 4204(c) of ERISA, to provide to and for the benefit of the Multiemployer Pension Plan, 
for the five plan years commencing with the first plan year to begin after the Closing Date (the 
"Surety Period"), either a bond issued by a corporate surety company that is an acceptable 
surety for purposes of Section 412 of ERISA, a letter of credit or an amount held in escrow by a 
bank or similar financial institution, in either case in an amount equal to the great of (i) the 
average annual contribution that Seller was required to make with respect to the covered 
operations for the three plan years preceding the plan year in which the Closing Date occurs, (ii) 
the annual contribution that Seller was required to make with respect to the covered operation for 
the plan year preceding the plan year in which the Closing Date occurs, which bond, letter of 
credit or such amount held in escrow shall be paid to the Multiemployer Pension Plan, if at any 
time during the Surety Period, Purchaser, or any successor in interest thereto, withdraws from the 
Multiemployer Pension Plans or fails to make any contribution to the Multiemployer Pension 
Plan when due. If a waiver is not in effect pursuant to Section 4204(c) of ERISA, Purchaser 
shall deliver to the Multiemployer Pension Plan by the first day of the plan year following the 
Closing Date, with copies to Seller, either the bond or evidence of the establishment of an escrow 
described in the preceding sentence. If Purchaser or any successor in interest thereto shall 
withdraw from the Multiemployer Pension Plan in either a complete or partial withdrawal, as 
such terms are used in Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA, and withdrawal liability is imposed 
under Section 4201 of ERISA, Seller agrees that Seller shall be secondarily liable to the 
Multiemployer Pension Plan for any withdrawal liability that it would have had to the 
Multiemployer Pension Plan in the absence of Section 4204 of ERISA; provided, however, that 
the preceding clause of this sentence will be void and of no effect, if the parties obtain a variance 
from the requirements of Section 4204(a)(1)(B) and (C) of ERISA. The parties will reasonably 
cooperate in obtaining a variance from the requirements of Sections 4204(a)(1)(B) and 
4204(a)(1)(C) of ERISA. To the extent that any obligation is imposed on Purchaser herein, 
Purchaser agrees to require each of its successors in interest and assigns to specifically assume 
and accept the obligations assumed by it under this Section 16. Purchaser agrees to indemnify 
and hold Seller harmless from and against any and all losses, costs, liens, claims, liabilities or 
damages (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements) arising 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807936
--- PAGE 38 ---
from or relating to a breach of its obligations under this Section 16, the failure to employ or 
termination of any of the Property employees, or any complete or partial withdrawal liability 
arising as a result of this transaction or any act or omission of Purchaser or any affiliate thereof. 
16.3.2 
Seller represents to Purchaser that Seller intends to liquidate and dissolve 
itself following the Closing. Seller agrees to deliver to Purchaser at least thirty (30) days 
advance notice of any such intended liquidation. In the event of such liquidation and dissolution, 
Section 4204(a)(3) of ERISA and the Multiemployer Pension Plans may obligate Seller to post a 
bond or escrow with or for the benefit of the Multiemployer Pension Plan (the "Secondary 
Bond"). However, in recognition of the fact that the Secondary Bond secures Seller's secondary 
responsibility for Purchaser's primary withdrawal liability under ERISA and the Multiemployer 
Pension Plan, Purchaser agrees that if Seller is required to post the Secondary Bond, Purchaser 
will provide and maintain without limitation such Secondary Bond, on behalf of Seller, in 
compliance with the applicable requirements of ERISA and the Multiemployer Pension Plan. 
Provided, however, that if Purchaser shall be prohibited by applicable law from providing and 
maintaining such Secondary Bond, after using commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the 
requisite approvals. Seller agrees to provide and maintain same, subject to Purchaser's paying all 
costs and expenses and providing any collateral required by the issuer of the Secondary Bond. 
Nothing in this subsection shall limit or modify Purchaser's withdrawal liability under ERISA or 
the Multiemployer Pension Plan or as provided for in this Section 16.3. 
16.4 
The obligations and undertaking of Purchaser under this Section 16 is a special 
inducement to Seller to enter into this Agreement without which Seller would not enter into this 
Agreement. Any obligations of the Purchaser pursuant to this Section 16 shall supersede and 
take precedence over any other debts or obligations of Purchaser and/or the Property, and 
Purchaser shall take no actions (or fail to take any actions) inconsistent herewith. 
16.5 
The provisions of this Section 16 shall survive the Closing. 
REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807937
--- PAGE 39 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the day 
and year first above written. 
SELLER: 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PURCHASER: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
In confirmation of the provisions contained in Section 2.5: 
ESCROW AGENT: 
KATSKV KORINS LIP 
\ : 
EFTA00807938
--- PAGE 40 ---
SCHEDULE I 
ACCESS POINT EQUIPMENT LEASE DOCUMENT & LEASED EQUIPMENT 
Access Point Equipment Lease Documents: 
I. Master Equipment Lease 
2. Guaranty Agreement 
3. Intercreditor Agreement and Certificate 
4. Agreement for Subordination of Payments to Related Parties 
5. Bill of Sale 
Equipment Subject to Access Point Lease: 
[Follows this Page] 
EFTA00807939
--- PAGE 41 ---
5chect.e f_) 
Renovation nitilKei 
Preliminary Renovation Budget tor Life NM& 
N9 W Yort, NY 
PIP Renetatil:n Red:ei 
cues trawriaii0lo room I'm ....deg. 
470 Set ei Hospitnlity TV: 
DJUI Leib; 
Ili Wilt mount 
Loe Vo bate: nigh ceeittineni.TenrieNe,Tto,ucitify & Label 
Phone Syclona Meet Wifi tucks 
ccry Secality Cared Syriern 
tde le de-C Pint. ten 2 Syetem (au blie teen) 
AV-tinetrtmoind Sour 
Compote. rquipmcle I 
pmS .sy %rem' In
 it log 
Menem 
.1:!..X(SPridit% 
&my entre Seating 
Kitchen Theipment 
Kitchen nhatdt 
TV Content imludiog Gme le Celstin g decision 
Manned IC Lim:won Service% 
its on 
4.5% 
3.2% 
5'5.'23 
s!:9.313 
7.8% 
5.1% 
4.abi 
S58.179 
1.6% 
S64.176 
5.0.4 
e.6% 
Se.INS 
0.6% 
smala 
6.314 
S28.371 
2.914 
096,70'J 
31.0% 
5:64.303 
MP% 
558.095 
43% 
W5.00.1 
2.0% 
51180,213 
MAMIE:Lid OM 
Toni Soil Lint 
51..91.I tit 
93" 
513.095 
as% 
Ifft Xa'sl!]rn LIL 
Pac':23 mill 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807940
--- PAGE 42 ---
SCHEDULE 2 
CONTRACTS 
I. [CONTRACTS TO BE INSERTED] 
EFTA00807941
--- PAGE 43 ---
EXHIBIT A 
LEGAL DESCRIPTION 
[Follows this Page.] 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807942
--- PAGE 44 ---
Stewart Mk insurance Company 
SCHEDULE A 
DESCRIPTION or PREMISES 
Me No. 
LTA-5036 
Policy No. 
3.4-8912-001290152 
ALL that certain plot piece or parcel of land. situate, lying and being In the Borough of Manhattan. County, 
City and State of New York, bounded and descnbed as follows: 
BEGINNING at a point on line nurthedy side of 31st Street. distant 300 feet westerly from the corner 
fanned by the Intersection of the northerly sale of 31st Street with the westerly side of 5th Avenue; 
RUNNING THENCE northedy parallel with 51h Avenue and part of the way through a party wall. 00 feel 9 
inches (as per deed) and 98 !met 9 inches (as per survey); 
THENCE westerly parallel with 31sl Street. 50 feet; 
THENCE southerly paraitel with 5th Avenue, 08 feet 9 inches to the northady side of 31st Street; and 
THENCE eastody along the northerly side of 31 et Street, 50 feel to the point or place of BEGINNING. 
SCHEDI:I.F. A 
A L.I.A /MO LOAN PIII.ICV 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807943
--- PAGE 45 ---
EXHIBIT B 
PERMITTED EXCEPTIONS TO TITLE 
The Premises is sold and shall be conveyed subject to the following (the "Permitted 
Exceptions"): 
1. 
All presently existing and future liens for unpaid real estate taxes and water 
and sewer charges not due and payable as of the date of the Closing (as hereinafter defined), 
subject to adjustment as herein provided. 
2. 
All present and future zoning, building, environmental and other laws, 
ordinances, codes, restrictions and regulations of all governmental authorities having jurisdiction 
with respect to the Property, including, without limitation, landmark designations and all zoning 
variances and special exceptions, if any (collectively, "Laws and Regulations"). 
3. 
All covenants, restrictions and rights and all easements and agreements 
(recorded or otherwise) for the erection and/or maintenance of water, gas, steam; electric, 
telephone, sewer or other utility pipelines, poles, wires, conduits or other; like facilities, and 
appurtenances thereto, over, across and under the Property (collectively, "Rights") and all other 
covenants, reservations, restrictions, rights, easements, declarations and agreements of record; 
provided, the same do not prohibit the use of the Hotel for their current use. 
4. 
Encroachments of stoops, areas, cellar steps, trims, cornices, lintels, window 
sills, awnings, canopies, ledges, fences, hedges, copings and retaining walls projecting from the 
Property over any street or highway or over any adjoining property and projecting from 
adjoining property over the Property. 
5. 
Revocability or lack of right to maintain vaults, coal chutes, excavations or 
sub-surface equipment beyond the line of the Property. 
6. 
Any encumbrances, defects or objections to title and any and all other 
matters whatsoever in each case arising out of the acts or omissions of Purchaser or any tenants 
or other persons claiming through or against any tenants, at the Property or which are otherwise 
the obligation or liability of any tenants at the Property. 
7. 
Standard exclusions and exceptions contained in the jacket of a standard 
New York form of title insurance policy issued at the time of Closing by the Title Company. 
8. 
All terms, covenants, conditions and restrictions of the following documents 
and instruments:: 
a. Covenants and Restrictions recorded in Liber 482 page 368 and Liber 487 page 
478. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807944
--- PAGE 46 ---
b. Zoning Lot Development Agreement recorded in CRFN 2004000250741. 
c. Declaration of Easement recorded in CRFN 2004000327467. 
d. Declaration of Zoning Lot Restrictions recorded in CRFN 2004000327470. 
e. Clarification Agreement recorded in CRFN 2015000317310. 
f. Consent to and Joinder in Declaration of Zoning Lot Restrictions recorded in 
CRFN 2004000250749. 
g. Zoning Lot Description and Ownership Statement recorded in CRFN 
2006000546458. 
h. Certification Pursuant to Zoning Lot Subdivision recorded in CRFN 
200600054459. 
9. 
The state of facts shown on the survey of the Hotel, dated April 11, 2016, 
by NY Land Surveyor, M.. 
10. 
Any encumbrances or other objections to title as of record as of the date 
hereof and not timely objected to by Purchaser in accordance with Section 4.1. 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807945
--- PAGE 47 ---
EXHIBIT C 
FORM OF DEED 
THIS INDENTURE, made as of the 
day of 
, 20 
by LIFE HOTEL 
ONE LLC, a New York limited liability company having an address at do Mitchell Holdings, 
801 Madison Avenue, 4'h Floor, New York, New York 10065 (hereinafter referred to as 
"Grantor"), to [ 
 a 
], a 
] having an office do 
] (hereinafter referred to as "Grantee").
WITNESSETH, that Grantor, in consideration of Ten Dollars ($10.00), lawful 
money of the United States, paid by Grantee, does hereby grant and release unto Grantee, the 
heirs or successors and assigns of Grantee forever: 
ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land with the building and improvements 
thereon erected, situate, lying and being, more particularly described on Exhibit A attached 
hereto and made a part hereof (the "Premises");
TOGETHER WITH all right, title and interest, if any, of Grantor in and to any 
streets and roads abutting the Premises to the center lines thereof; 
TOGETHER WITH the appurtenances and all the estate and rights of Grantor in 
and to the Premises. 
TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Premises unto Grantee, the heirs or successors 
and assigns of Grantee forever. 
AND Grantor, in compliance with Section 13 of the Lien Law, covenants that 
Grantor will receive the consideration for this conveyance and will hold the right to receive such 
consideration as a trust fund to be applied first for the purpose of paying the cost of the 
improvements at the Premises and will apply the same first to the payment of the cost of the 
improvements before using any part of the total of the same for any other purpose. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807946
--- PAGE 48 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Grantor has duly executed this deed the day and year 
first above written. 
GRANTOR: 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LW 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
):ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) 
On the 
day of 
in the year 20_, before me, the undersigned, personally 
appeared 
, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis 
of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument 
and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity, and that by his signature on 
the instrument, the individual, or the persons upon behalf of which the individuals acted, 
executed the instrument. 
Notary Public 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807947
--- PAGE 49 ---
EXHIBIT A 
Legal Description 
[INSERT— Legal Description] 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807948
--- PAGE 50 ---
EXHIBIT D 
FORM OF ASSIGNMENT OF EOUIPMENT LEASES 
THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASES (this "Assignment") is entered 
into as of the 
day of 
, 20_,
by and between LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, a New York 
limited liability company having an address at do Mitchell Holdings, 801 Madison Avenue, 4th 
Floor, New York, New York 10065 ("Assignor"), and [ 
a 
, having an address at  
("Assignee").
IN CONSIDERATION of the premises contained herein, Ten Dollars ($10.00) and other 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby mutually 
acknowledged, Assignor hereby assigns to Assignee, all right, title and interest of Assignor as 
landlord/lessor under all the leases, license agreements and other agreements and documents 
(collectively, the "Equipment Leases") in effect for equipment, furnishings or other personal 
property located and/or used at the Life Hotel, located at 19 West 31g Street, New York, New 
York and listed on Schedule A, annexed hereto. 
Assignee hereby expressly assumes all of the obligations imposed upon the lessee under 
the Equipment Leases which accrue from and after the date hereof. Assignee hereby agrees to 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless, Assignor and Assignor's affiliates, successors and assigns 
against any and all claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees 
and disbursements), suffered or incurred by Assignor arising out of, under or in connection with 
the Equipment Leases from and after the date hereof. 
This Assignment and Assumption of Equipment Leases is made by Assignor without 
recourse and without any express or implied representation or warranty whatsoever. 
This Assignment and Assumption of Equipment Leases shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
This Assignment may be signed in any number of counterparts and delivered via 
facsimile or as a ".PDF" attachment to an email, each of which shall be deemed to be an original 
and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807949
--- PAGE 51 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have executed and delivered this 
Assignment the day and year first above written. 
ASSIGNOR: 
ASSIGNEE: 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, 
f 
a New York limited liability company 
By: 
By: 
Name: 
Name:  
Title: 
Title: 
[INSERT Schedule A — Leases and Security Deposits' 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807950
--- PAGE 52 ---
EXHIBIT E 
FORM OF ASSIGNMENT OF SERVICE CONTRACTS 
THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF SERVICE CONTRACTS (this 
"Assignment") is entered into as of the 
day of 
20_,
by and between LIFE HOTEL 
ONE LLC, a New York limited liability company having an address at do Mitchell Holdings, 
801 Madison Avenue, 4'h Floor, New York, New York 10065 ("Assignor"), and 
], 
a 
having an 
address at 
("Assignee").
IN CONSIDERATION of the premises contained herein, Ten Dollars ($10.00) and other 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby mutually 
acknowledged, Assignor hereby assigns to Assignee, all right, title and interest of all right, title 
and interest of Assignor under all of the service, maintenance, supply and other agreements 
(collectively, the "Service Contracts") at the Life Hotel, located at 19 West 31g Street, New 
York, New York and listed on Schedule A, annexed hereto. 
Assignee hereby expressly assumes all of the obligations imposed upon the all of the 
obligations imposed upon the owner of the Property under the Service Contracts which accrue 
from and after the date hereof. Assignee hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless, 
Assignor and Assignor's affiliates, successors and assigns against any and all claims, losses, 
liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements), suffered or 
incurred by Assignor arising out of, under or in connection with the Service Contracts from and 
after the date hereof. 
This Assignment and Assumption of Service Contracts is made by Assignor without 
recourse and without any express or implied representation or warranty whatsoever. 
This Assignment and Assumption of Service Contracts shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
This Assignment may be signed in any number of counterparts and delivered via 
facsimile or as a ".PDF" attachment to an email, each of which shall be deemed to be an original 
and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807951
--- PAGE 53 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have executed and delivered this 
Assignment the day and year first above written. 
ASSIGNOR: 
ASSIGNEE: 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, 
a New York limited liability company 
By: 
By: 
Name: 
Name:  
Title: 
Title: 
[INSERT Schedule A — Service Contracts] 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807952
--- PAGE 54 ---
EXHIBIT F 
FORM OF BILL OF SALE 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, a New York limited liability company, having an 
address at do Mitchell Holdings, 801 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10065 
("Seller"), in consideration of Ten Dollars ($10.00) and other good and valuable consideration 
paid to Seller by  
 a  
, having an 
address 
at 
("Purchaser"), 
the 
receipt 
and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, hereby sells, conveys, assigns, transfers, delivers 
and sets over to Purchaser all fixtures, furniture, furnishings, equipment, machinery, inventory, 
appliances and other articles of tangible personal property listed which are owned by Seller and 
which are located at and used or usable in connection with the real property located at the Life 
Hotel, located at 19 West 31g Street, New York, New York (the "Property"), in all cases 
provided that any sale, conveyance, assignment, and transfer contemplated hereby shall 
expressly exclude all "Excluded Property", as such term is defined in that certain Purchase and 
Sale Agreement, dated as of 
, 2018, made by and between Seller, as seller, and 
Purchaser, as purchaser, with respect to the Property.. 
TO HAVE AND TO HOLD unto Purchaser and its successors and assigns to its 
and their own use and benefit forever. 
This Bill of Sale is made by Seller without recourse and without any expressed or 
implied representation or warranty whatsoever. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807953
--- PAGE 55 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has caused this Bill of Sale to be executed as of 
this 
day of 
. 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LW 
a New York limited liability company 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807954
--- PAGE 56 ---
EXHIBIT G 
FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF COLLECTIVE BARGAINING 
AGREEMENT 
THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF COLLECTIVE BARGAINING 
AGREEMENT (this "Assignment"), is made and entered into this 
day of 
20_ 
between LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, a New York limited liability company, having an address at 
do Mitchell Holdings, 801 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10065 
("Assignor"), and [ 
 a  
 having an office at 
("Assignee"). 
WITNESSETH: 
Assignor for Ten Dollars ($10.00), and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, hereby assigns to Assignee, all of 
Assignor's right, title and interest in, to and under that certain Collective Bargaining Agreement, 
effective [July 1, 2013] between the Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. and the 
Associated Hotels and Motels of Greater New York, as employer and The New York Hotel and 
Motels Trade Council, AFL-CIO, as amended from time to time (the "CBA") solely with respect 
to that certain real property known as the Life Hotel, located at 19 West 31s' Street, New York, 
New York (collectively, the "Property").
Assignee hereby expressly assumes all of the obligations imposed upon Assignor, 
under the CBA, solely with respect the Property, which accrue from and after the date hereof. 
This Agreement is made by Assignor without recourse and without any expressed 
or implied representation or warranty whatsoever, except as set forth in that certain Purchase and 
Sale Agreement dated as of 
, 2018 between Assignor and Assignee. 
This Assignment inures to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and assigns. 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW' 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807955
--- PAGE 57 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have executed this Assignment as of 
the date first above written. 
ASSIGNOR: 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, 
a New York limited liability company 
ASSIGNEE: 
[ 
By: 
By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Title: 
Title: 
495555-2-W 
EFTA00807956

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807957.pdf
----------------------------------------
KALAMAZOO 
OvTDOOR COUltmEr 
k 
Kalamazoo Outdoor Gourmet LLC 
810 W. Washington Blvd. 
Chicago, IL 60607 
Phone.
Fax# 
Bill To: 
Linda 
Monark Premium Appliance Co. 
1742 W. Atlantic Blvd. 
Pompano Beach FL 33069 
United States 
PO 
Item 
K500HI9LPBLK-M6 
Ship To: 
Linda 
Monark Premium Appliance Co. 
1742 W. Atlantic Blvd. 
Pompano Beach FL 33069 
United States 
Sales Manager 
Carsten Engebretsen 
Description 
Shipping Method 
Dock to Dock 
Quote 
Date 
Quote No. 
9/7/2018 
QT15226 
Installation Address 
6100 RED HOOD QUARTERS B3 
St Thomas 00802 
Virgin Islands (USA) 
K500H8 Hybrid Fire Built-in Grill. Two-burner grill on leveling legs with a 
primary grilling area measuring 506 square inches. Cooks with any 
combination of charcoal, wood and gas. Two rod surfaces included unless 
upgrades are purchased. Configured for bulk liquid propane. Marine-grade 
stainless steel. Signature and Arcadia Series toe-kicks and back panels 
available. 
OP-11HX22M 
Meat Pattern. VC Laser-cut Surface Upgrade for K500- and K1000-series 
grills (11.5-x221. Replaces standard rod surface. Price per surface. 
OP-11HX22V 
Vegetable Pattern. lie Laser-cut Surface Upgrade for K500- and K1000-
series grills (11.5*x22"). Replaces standard rod surface. Price per surface. 
Black SunbrelLa Cover for KSOOHB Hybrid Fire Built-in Grills. 
AC-G.1-500HB 
K-KCK-500H-M6 
KD-24-3-IPE-M6 
KD-KCKS-24-M6 
KD-18-3-IPE-M6 
KD-KCKS-18-M6 
KD-30-4-IPE-M6 
KD-KCKS-30-M6 
KD-36-SNK-IPE-M6 
28.inch wide front toe-kick for 500H Built-in Grills. Marine-grade stainless 
steel. 
Arcadia Series: 24-inch wide. three-drawer storage cabinet. Oiled Ipe wood 
finish. Marine-grade stainless steel. Decorative back panel and toe-kicks 
available. 
Arcadia Series: 24-inch wide front or back toe-kick. Use on 244 Arcadia 
cabinets and appliance back panels. Brushed stainless steel finish. Marine-
grade stainless steel. 
Arcadia Series: 18-inch wide. three-drawer storage cabinet. Oiled Ipe wood 
finish. Marine-grade stainless steel. Decorative back panel and toe-kicks 
available. 
Arcadia Series: 18-inch wide front or back toe-kick. Use on 1r Arcadia 
cabinets. Brushed stainless steel finish. Marine-grade stainless steel. 
Arcadia Series: 30-inch wide. two-drawers-over-double-doors storage 
cabinet. Oiled Ipe wood finish. Marine-grade stainless steel. Adjustable half-
width shelves. decorative back panels and toe-kicks available. 
Arcadia Series: 30-inch wide front or back toe-kick. Use on 30' Arcadia 
storage cabinets. Brushed stainless steel finish. Marine-grade stainless 
steel. 
Arcadia Series: 36-inch wide. double-door sink base cabinet. Designed for 
30.5-inch wide undermount sink or smaller. Check sink specifications. Oiled 
Ipe wood finish. Marine-grade stainless steel. Field-swappable door hinge 
directions. Sink and faucet not included. Decorative back panel and toe-kicks 
available. 
KD-KCKS-36-M6 
Arcadia Series: 36-inch wide front or back toe-kick. Use on 36' Arcadia 
cabinets. Brushed stainless steel finish. Marine-grade stainless steel. 
Comment 
All warranties void outside of the continental US 
111111111
9[1111M
Expires 
10/7,2018 
Width 
Qty 
Price 
Total Amount 
28" 
$16,895.00 
$16.895.00 
11.5' 
$345.00 
$345.00 
11.5' 
$345.00 
$345.00 
$250.00 
$250.00 
28' 
$220.00 
$220.00 
24' 
$6,495.00 
$19.485.00 
24' 
$245.00 
$735.00 
18' 
$6.215.00 
$12.430.00 
18" 
$235.00 
$470.00 
30" 
$7,570.00 
$7.570.00 
30' 
$250.00 
$250.00 
3r 
$7,710.00 
$7.710.00 
3r 
$255.00 
$255.00 
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS 
Please Initial: 
of 3 
EFTA00807957
--- PAGE 2 ---
IFFIFFIFIS
KALAMAZOO 
OUTDOOR GOURME 
Kalamazoo Outdoor Gourmet LLC 
810 W. Washington Blvd. 
Chicago, IL 60607 
Phone# (800)8684699 
Fax# (312) 276-4466 
Quote 
Date 
Quote No. 
9/7/2018 
QT15226 
Item 
Description 
Oty 
Price 
Total Amount 
Dock to Dock 
Dock to Dock 
'Kalamazoo Outdoor Gourmet collects and remits sales use lax for orders shipping to 
Illinois and Michigan. Purchasers of orders shipped to all other stales may be required 
to sell-assess stale and local sales use lax based on the net value of the order. Purchaser 
is responsible for verifying and remitting lax liability and making appropriate filings. 
Additional Information: 
111111111
91141M
Shipping 
$1.000.00 
Subtotal 
$66.960.00 
'Tax 
$0.00 
Total Due 
$67,960.00 
Payment 
You can now make a payment directly from your bank 
account (ACH) using the following link: 
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS 
Please Initial: 
2013 
EFTA00807958
--- PAGE 3 ---
,
ROWNIFfri 
KALAMAZOO 
OVTDOOR GOURMET' 
Kalamazoo Outdoor Gourmet LLC 
810 W. Washington Blvd. 
Chicago, IL 60607 
Phone# (800) 868.1699 
Fax# (312) 276-4466 
Delivery Option Selection 
Quote 
Date 
Quote No. 
9/7/2018 
QT15226 
Kalamazoo products are often heavy and can require specialty equipment and four man delivery. We can help you select the most 
appropriate delivery option based on your purchase and site characteristics. 
• Curbside Delivery: Product is delivered at the start of driveway closest to the property access road. 
• Patio Direct Delivery: Product is delivered to the patio/location of installation and Kalamazoo outer packaging is removed from 
premises. *Restrictions apply (ex. Distance, steps. lawn. etc.). 
Installation Preparation 
• Local codes: Homeowner is responsible for installation, required permits and meeting all local codes. 
• Gas pressure: Homeowner to confirm installation location has adequate gas pressure and capacity to support the total BTUs of 
the products to be installed and at the appropriate gas pressure. Natural gas to be supplied at 7 IWC pressure: bulk liquid 
propane to be supplied at 11 IWC. 
• Electricity: Connection to 120V AC. 60 HZ supply required for Kalamazoo grills, refrigeration, ice machines and smoker. 
• Construction: All Kalamazoo products are designed for 30 in. depth installation. Measurements for countertops should be taken 
after product installation is complete. We recommend a one inch overhang with a drip edge on all countertops. The underside of 
countertops must be sealed to the tops of cabinets with silicone adhesive to ensure a weather-tight installation. 
• Serviceability: It is recommended that built-in grills and refrigerators are configured to be easily removed for maintenance and 
service. 
Order Acceptance 
• Please check quote for accuracy and completeness against layout drawing (where applicable). including correct hinge direction 
for any cabinets and refrigerators. 
• Order is accepted and confirmed upon receipt of: 
-Signed copy of quote. 
-Signed layout drawing. for any orders including cabinets. or refrigerators. 
-Order confirmation payment. 
• Balance payment is due prior to shipment and no later than 30 days from order confirmation. 
• Cancellation Fees: Orders cancelled after acceptance are subject to an 18% restocking fee. 
• Warranty: Information can be found on our website at  
to 
• Terms and Conditions: Information is located on our website at 
Cooking and entertaining with Kalamazoo 
Utilize a variety of resources on 
or by sending an email 
to support the use of your new products: 
• Sign up for a complimentary product tour within the culinary resource section. 
• Access grilling guides. recipes. cooking tips. and product care instructions. 
• Share your product review within the product page. 
• Leverage our Grillmaster and Culinary expert for advice and support. 
Signature: 
Name: 
Date: 
Please remit payment to: Kalamazoo Outdoor Gourmet. LLC 
Online payment: 
To pay by wire transfer: 
North Shore Community Bank 
Wilmette. IL 60091 branch 
ABA (Routing) number: 071925444 
Account number: 350021910 
111111111
9[1111M
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS 
Please Initial: 
3013 
EFTA00807959

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807960.pdf
----------------------------------------
Warren 
Quote 200126.01 
WARREN CAI 
Quote 200126.01 
August 7, 2018 
HBRK Associates Inc 
Attention:Richard 
Dear Richard, 
Thank you for this opportunity to quote Caterpillar products for your business needs. We 
are pleased to quote the following for your purchase consideration. 
One (1) New CATERPILLAR Model: 325FL TC Hydraulic Excavators with all standard equipment in 
addition to the additional specifications listed below: 
STOCK NUMBER:C90294 
SERIAL NUMBER:0NDJ20459 
We wish to thank you for the opportunity of quoting on your equipment needs. This quotation is valid for 30 
days, after which time we reserve the right to re•quote. If there are any questions, please do not hesitate to 
contact me. 
Sincerely, 
Jay West 
Machine Sales Representative 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00807960
--- PAGE 2 ---
Warren 
Quote 200126.01 
One (1) New CATERPILLAR Model: 325FL TC Hydraulic Excavators with all standard equipment in 
addition to the additional specifications listed below: 
STANDARD EQUIPMENT 
POWERTRAIN-Diesel engine, CAT C4.4 Twin Turbo-down function-certified to EPA Tier4 Final,-Three 
stage fuel filtration system with-EU Stage IV, MLIT 2014-water separator and indicator-- Three selectable 
power modes-3000m (9840ft) altitude capability-capability; HHP, STD and ECO-without de-rate-- After-
treatment system: CEM (DOC-52 deg. C (126F) high ambient cooling-+ DPF + SCR) and DEF System-
capability with de-rate from-(DEF Tank and DEF Lines)-48 deg. C (118F)-Variable fan speed control with-85 
amp. Alternator-viscous clutch-Radial seal air filter with double-One touch low idle with Automatic Engine-
filter element-speed Control (AEC)-Electric fuel lifting pump-Automatic (programmable) idling shut-Capability 
of using Bio-Diesel fuel(B20) 
UNDERCARRIAGE-HD track rollers-(ISO 15818 compliant)-Grease lubricated track link-Swivel guard-Tie 
down points on base frame 
HYDRAULICS-Electric boom regeneration circuit-Reverse swing damping valve-Stick regeneration circuit-
High performance hydraulic return filter-One touch lifting mode-(Capsule filter type)-Automatic two speed 
travel-CRN compliant accumulator-Boom and stick drift reduction valve 
ELECTRICAL-Maintenance free battery-working lights (halogen); Base machine-Centralized electrical 
disconnect switch-frame (one). Cab mounted (two),-CAT Product Link-Boom mounted both sides (two)-90 
seconds programmable time delay 
OPERATOR ENVIRONMENT-CAB:-distortion free rear view camera-Sound suppressed ROPS cab (ISO 
12117.2-picture-compliant) with viscous mount-Automatic bi-level air conditioner with-Openable skylight as 
emergency exit-pressurized function-(Dual exit hatch)-24V radio ready (1DIN size, stereo-Openable 
laminated front upper-speakers, antenna-flexible type)-windshield w/ assist device-12V x 2 power supply 
with sockets-Removable tempered lower windshield-(Maximum 10 amp.)-with in cab storage bracket-Roll 
Down Sun Screen, Washable Floormat-High back seat with air suspension, seat-Interior utilities (Interior 
lighting.-heater and head rest-Coat hook, Beverage holder, Literature-Fully adjustable seat, console and 
armrest-holder. Document holding space, and-51MM (2") width seat belt-Cab rear storage compartment)-
Full graphic 7inch LCD monitor, with 
SAFETY AND SECURITY-Rearview camera with three mirrors-Anti-skid Plate-(ISO 5006 compliant) and 
one additional-Neutral lever(lock out)for all controls-hand rail mirror for right rear view-Ground level 
accessible secondary engine-RH Hand rail and hand hold (ISO 2867-shutoff switch in cab-compliant)-
Signaling/ Warning horn. Jump Start Stud-Bolt free service platform with-Safety hammer for cab evacuation 
OTHER STANDARD EQUIPMENT-Engine oil. Fuel, and Hydraulic oil-located separately)-filters grouped for 
ease of-Sampling ports for Scheduled Oil-maintenance (Secondary fuel filter is-Sampling (S.O.S) 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00807961
--- PAGE 3 ---
Warren 
Quote 200126.01 
MACHINE SPECIFICATIONS 
Description 
Reference No 
325F L CR HEX AM-N BCF1 
541-7386 
REACH BOOM HD PKG 
483-8070 
TRACK, 31" TG HD (GLT) PRESS 
357-7481 
GUARD, TRACK GUIDE. SEGMENTED 
346-7148 
CIRCUIT, COMBINED. STP PKG 
541-7332 
PILOT LINES, BKT CLOSE PGQC 
536-9525 
LINE, PUMP SUCTION 
538-4102 
STARTING, COLD WEATHER 
452-0154 
GUARD, BOTTOM HD 
451-9289 
DECALS. EXTERIOR ANSI 
452-0157 
DECALS. CAB ANSI 
500-9507 
PRODUCT LINK, CELLULAR PL641 
460-1148 
LINES-HP, REACH BOOM 
451-7537 
LINES, HP. R9'6" STICK 
356-8117 
CTRL,CAT PIN GRAB COUPLER ANSI 
500-4192 
LINES-QC, REACH BOOM 
451-7540 
LINES, QC, R9'6" STICK 
242.6490 
CHANGER.HAND CTRL 2-WAY (ANSI) 
458-3345 
INSTRUCTIONS. ENGLISH 
OP-3380 
STORAGE PROTECTION (EXPORT) 
0G-4126 
LANE 3 ORDER 
OP-9003 
ROLL ON-ROLL OFF W/O BKT QC B1 
0G-0481 
Cat 48" Bucket 
Cat H-120 HDY Hammer 
Cat HDY Thumb 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00807962
--- PAGE 4 ---
Warren 
Quote 200126.01 
Sell Price 
$315,944.06 
Net Balance Due 
$315,944.06 
Ext Warranty 
Included 
HET: HET POTTER/RANDL TAX (0.153%) 
$483.39 
After Tax Balance 
$316,427.45 
WARRANTY 
Standard Warranty: 
Standard 12 Month Unlimited Hour Full Machine Coverage 
Extended Warranty: 
325 NONGOVERNMENT 36/5000 PREMIER 
F.O.B/TERMS 
Amarillo 
Accepted by 
on 
Signature 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00807963

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807964.pdf
----------------------------------------
Warren 
Quote 200130.01 
WARREN CAI 
Quote 200130.01 
August 7, 2018 
HBRK Associates 
Attention:Richard 
Dear Richard, 
Thank you for this opportunity to quote Caterpillar products for your business needs. We 
are pleased to quote the following for your purchase consideration. 
One (1) New CATERPILLAR Model: 307E2 Hydraulic Excavators with all standard equipment in addition to 
the additional specifications listed below: 
STOCK NUMBER:C86581 
SERIAL NUMBER:0KC900776 
YEAR:2018 
We wish to thank you for the opportunity of quoting on your equipment needs. This quotation is valid for 30 
days, after which time we reserve the right to re•quote. If there are any questions, please do not hesitate to 
contact me. 
Sincerely, 
Jay West 
Machine Sales Representative 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00807964
--- PAGE 2 ---
Warren 
Quote 200130.01 
One (1) New CATERPILLAR Model: 307E2 Hydraulic Excavators with all standard equipment in 
addition to the additional specifications listed below: 
STANDARD EQUIPMENT 
POWERTRAIN-Diesel engine, C2.6-Straight Line Travel-With Electrical Governor and Turbo-One Touch 
Low Idle-Radial Seal Air Filter. Double Element-Two Speed Travel with Auto Shift 
UNDERCARRIAGE-450mm Triple Grouser Track Shoes-Towing Eye on Base Frame-Hydraulic Track 
Adjusters 
ELECTRICAL-12 Volt Electrical System-Signaling/Waming Horn-Light, Tank Side Mounted-Maintenance 
Free Battery 
OPERATOR ENVIRONMENT-12V Power Outlet-Monitor:-Air Conditioning with Defroster--Mounting for 
Front and Top Guard-Skylight-(Mounting Boss)-AM/FM Radio-Openable Front Windshield with Assist-
Antenna-Device-Capability to Install One Additional-Radio-Pedal for Auxiliary Hydraulic Control-Removable 
Lower Windshield with-Coat Hook-In-Cab Storage Bracket-Cup Holder-Retractable Seat Belt (50mm width)-
Hour Meter-Seat with Suspension-Hydraulic Activation Control Lever-Storage Pocket-Hydraulic Lock Out for 
All Controls-Two Travel Control Hand Levers with-Interior Lighting-Foot Pedals-Literature holder-Two Stereo 
Speakers-Mirror rear view: Cab Left-Washable Floor Mat-Molded footrests-Windshield Wiper and Washer 
FLUIDS-Extended Life Cooling - 37C 
OTHER STANDARD EQUIPMENT-Load Sensing Hydraulics Auxiliary-GPS Ready-Hydraulic Valve (One) 
Caterpillar One-Accumulator-Key Security System Door Locks and-Muffler with Cover-Cap Locks-Stacked 
Cooling Package 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00807965
--- PAGE 3 ---
Warren 
Quote 200130.01 
MACHINE SPECIFICATIONS 
Description 
Reference No 
307E2 MHE RUBBER PAD TRK DCA2 
523-7768 
GUARD, SWIVEL 
102-3130 
TRACK, 18" TG, W/ RUBBER PAD 
315-5275 
BLADE 
375-8080 
LINES, AUXILIARY. STICK 
377.6600 
LINES, 2ND AUXILIARY, STICK 
377.6617 
ACCUMULATOR,FOR CANADA 
378-7480 
FILM, QUICK COUPLER, ANSI 
381-4577 
LIGHTS, CAB 
381-9214 
LIGHT, BOOM RIGHT SIDE 
381-9219 
DRAIN, ECOLOGY 
382-8757 
LIGHT, BOOM LEFT SIDE 
388-1768 
RAIN GUARD 
415-4376 
SEAT and MOUNTING GROUP 
415-5031 
BELT. SEAT. 76MM RETRACTABLE 
415-5033 
LIGHTING, CHASSIS 
437-4883 
ENGINE ARR 
457-1445 
TANK. STANDARD 
461-5509 
307E2 HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR 
461.6779 
INSTALLATION ARRANGEMENT.BLADE 
462-4342 
CONTROL STANDARD 
462-9365 
CONTROL, PATTERN, STD 
462-9367 
LINES, BOOM 
462-9368 
LINES, STICK 
462-9370 
CONTROL, QUICK COUPLER 
462-9372 
HEATER, WATER JACKET 
469-5742 
ALARM, TRAVEL 
477-9435 
FILM GROUP, ANSI 
478-7569 
RADIO 
480.0564 
INSTRUCTIONS. TOPS, NACD 
495-1836 
PRODUCT LINK, CELLULAR. PL240 
509-7735 
FILM, PRODUCT LINK, ANSI 
524-1414 
STICK ARR 
520.0356 
LINKAGE ARR, BUCKET 
520.0369 
SERIALIZED TECHNICAL MEDIA KIT 
421-8926 
SHIPPING/STORAGE PROTECTION 
OP-2266 
LANE 1 ORDER 
OP-9001 
Cat 24" Bucket 
Cat H-95 HDY Hammer 
Cat HDY Thumb 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00807966
--- PAGE 4 ---
Warren 
Quote 200130.01 
Sell Price 
$124,357.93 
Net Balance Due 
$124,357.93 
Ext Warranty 
Included 
HET: HET POTTER/RANDL TAX (0.153%) 
$190.27 
After Tax Balance 
$124,548.20 
WARRANTY 
Standard Warranty: 
Standard 24 Month 2000 Hour Full Machine Coverage 
Extended Warranty: 
307 NONGOVERNMENT 36/5000 PREMIER 
F.O.B/TERMS 
Amarillo 
Accepted by 
on 
Signature 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00807967

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807968.pdf
----------------------------------------
Warren 
Quote 200131.01 
WARREN CAI 
Quote 200131.01 
August 7, 2018 
HBRK Associates 
Attention:Richard 
Dear Richard, 
Thank you for this opportunity to quote Caterpillar products for your business needs. We 
are pleased to quote the following for your purchase consideration. 
One (1) New CATERPILLAR Model: 303E CR Hydraulic Excavators with all standard equipment in addition 
to the additional specifications listed below: 
STOCK NUMBER:C84731 
SERIAL NUMBER:0HHM02827 
YEAR:2018 
We wish to thank you for the opportunity of quoting on your equipment needs. This quotation is valid for 30 
days, after which time we reserve the right to re-quote. If there are any questions, please do not hesitate to 
contact me. 
Sincerely, 
Jay West 
Machine Sales Representative 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00807968
--- PAGE 2 ---
Warren 
Quote 200131.01 
One (1) New CATERPILLAR Model: 303E CR Hydraulic Excavators with all standard equipment in 
addition to the additional specifications listed below: 
STANDARD EQUIPMENT 
BOOMS, STICKS AND LINKAGES-Thumb Ready Stick 50 in (1260mm)-Power Link with Lifting Eye 
POWERTRAIN-C1.3 <19kW Mechanical Engine-Load Sensing Hydraulic System-Mechanical Throttle 
ELECTRICAL-12 Volt Electrical System-Boom Work Light-Travel Alarm-40 Ampere Alternator-Beacon 
Socket 
OPERATOR ENVIRONMENT-ROPS / TOPS / TOP GUARD Level 1-Manual Pattern Changer-Auto Two 
Speed Travel on Blade Lever-3 inch Retractable Seat Belt-Basic Diagnostics Monitor 
BLADES-Blade with Float function 
OTHER STANDARD EQUIPMENT-High Ambient Cooling Package-Aux Hydraulic Lines with QD'slines-
CRN Accumulator-One and Two Way Flow-Heavy Duty Counterweight-Boom Swing and Aux On 
Joysticks 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00807969
--- PAGE 3 ---
Warren 
Quote 200131.01 
MACHINE SPECIFICATIONS 
Description 
Reference No 
303E CR MA 1 
538-7951 
PRODUCT LINK, PL241 CANOPY 
509-8485 
INSTRUCTIONS. ANSI PL 
509-7000 
INSTRUCTIONS. ANSI 
449-0414 
INSTRUCTIONS. ENGLISH 
OP-3380 
SHIPPING/STORAGE PROTECTION 
OP-2266 
ROLL ON-ROLL OFF 
OP-4839 
LANE 3 ORDER 
OP-9003 
COUNTERWEIGHT, EXTRA 
296-1626 
Cat 1r Bucket 
Cat H-95 HDY Hammer 
Cat HDY Thumb 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00807970
--- PAGE 4 ---
Warren 
Quote 200131.01 
Sell Price 
573,523.58 
Net Balance Due 
$73,523.58 
Ext Warranty 
Included 
HET: HET POTTER/RANDL TAX (0.153%) 
$112.49 
After Tax Balance 
$73,636.07 
WARRANTY 
Standard Warranty: 
Standard 24 Month 2000 Hour Full Machine Coverage 
Extended Warranty: 
303 NONGOVERNMENT 36/500 PREMIER 
F.O.B/TERMS 
Amarillo 
Accepted by 
on 
Signature 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00807971

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807972.pdf
----------------------------------------
Warren 
Quote 200132-01 
WARREN CAI 
Quote 200132-01 
August 7, 2018 
HBRK Associates 
Attention:Richard 
Dear Richard, 
Thank you for this opportunity to quote Caterpillar products for your business needs. We 
are pleased to quote the following for your purchase consideration. 
One (1) New CATERPILLAR Model: TL1255D Telehandlers with all standard equipment in addition to the 
additional specifications listed below: 
STOCK NUMBER:C88256 
We wish to thank you for the opportunity of quoting on your equipment needs. This quotation is valid for 30 
days, after which time we reserve the right to re-quote. If there are any questions, please do not hesitate to 
contact me. 
Sincerely, 
Jay West 
Machine Sales Representative 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00807972
--- PAGE 2 ---
Warren 
Quote 200132-01 
One (1) New CATERPILLAR Model: TL1255D Telehandlers with all standard equipment in addition to 
the additional specifications listed below: 
STANDARD EQUIPMENT 
CONSIST NOTE-The Standard Equipment listing is a 
POWERTRAIN-Limited slip differential-Hydraulic oil and coolant-Wet disc service brakes-Engine oil-Spring 
Applied Hydraulic Release (SAHR)-Side by side engine air-park brake w/indicator light-Radiator Cores-
Thermal starting aid-Hydraulically driven fan-four wheel drive-4 Speed Powershift Transmission-Planetary 
drive axles with full time-ALL MACHINES INCLUDE-Spin on Hydraulic oil filter-CAT C4.4L,106kW (142.1 
hp) Tier 3 Engine-Spin on engine oil filter-SOUTH AMERICA, EXCEPT PUERTO RICO-Dual element air 
filter-CAT C4.4,106kW (142.1 hp) Tier 4f Engine-Water separator-USA, CANADA and PUERTO RICO 
BOOMS, STICKS AND LINKAGES-Automatic vertical lift-Four section boom-with non-metallic wear pads 
CONSIST NOTE-equipped with all lowest charged items.-description of a TL1255D TELEHANDLER 
HYDRAULICS-Variable Displacement Piston Pump 
OTHER STANDARD EQUIPMENT-Integral lift and tie-down points-Stabilizers/ Outriggers 
INSTRUCTIONS-Operation and maintenance manual 
HYDRAULICS-Max auxiliary flow 95 Umin (25 gpm)-Auxiliary hydraulic service on the-Max pressure 260 
bar-boom head - single function-Load hold check valves on all load-CAT XT3 hoses, couplings-carrying 
cylinders 
ELECTRICAL-12 volt electrical socket-1000 CCA maintenance-free battery-75 ampere alternator-Horn + 
Back up alarm 
OPERATOR ENVIRONMENT-Operator station isolated on rubber-Seat belt and document pouch-mounts-
Left and right-side rear-view mirror-Boom joystick-Power steering with steering wheel-Stabilizer levers-
Load charts-Frame level switch-Heavy duty floor mat-Fully adjustable vinyl suspension seat-Fuse panel 
OTHER STANDARD EQUIPMENT-Stabilizer legs 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00807973
--- PAGE 3 ---
Warren 
Quote 200132-01 
MACHINE SPECIFICATIONS 
Description 
Reference No 
TL1255D TELEHANDLER HRC 
488-1400 
AXLE, STANDARD 
474-7325 
STEERING, STANDARD 
487-9822 
RIDE CONTROL, NONE 
474.6085 
CLIMATE PACK. STANDARD 
474-9111 
HEATER, ENGINE BLOCK, 110V 
472-2400 
ALARM, BACK UP, STANDARD 
485-3311 
CAB, ENCLOSED 
477-0002 
WINDOW, REAR, STANDARD 
473-8558 
ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL,AIR CON 
474-7332 
BELT. SEAT. r RETRACTABLE 
229-0583 
MONITOR, ADVANCED DISPLAY 
479-4531 
LIGHTS, ROADING. RH 
474-9146 
LEVER, MANUAL. FNR/VVIPERS/IND 
472-7832 
SUN SCREEN, ROOF 
477-1403 
TIRES, 400175-28. FS. MT 
464-7016 
FENDER, FRONT 
474.6064 
COUPLER. HYDRAULIC. IT 
474-7327 
ELECTRICAL HARNESS, COUPLER 
474.4122 
TL1255D NORTH AMERICAN ORDER 
0G-0510 
INSTRUCTIONS. ANSI 
472-7789 
MANUAL. OPER. MAINT. ENGLISH 
478-8639 
WORKLIGHTS, NC COMPATIBLE 
479-2700 
PRODUCT LINK READY. NC 
501-3004 
REVERSING, CAMERA 
474-9845 
CARRIAGE, STANDARD 72" 
474-2532 
FORK, DUAL TAPER 2" X 6" X 72" 
311-2854 
PACK, ROLL ON/ROLL OFF. TL 
OP-3714 
LANE 3 ORDER 
OP-9003 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00807974
--- PAGE 4 ---
Warren 
Quote 200132-01 
Sell Price 
$211,117.71 
Net Balance Due 
5211,117.71 
Ext Warranty 
Included 
HET: HET POTTER/RANDL TAX (0.153%) 
$323.01 
After Tax Balance 
5211,440.72 
WARRANTY 
Standard Warranty: 
Standard 12 Month Unlimited Hour Full Machine Coverage 
Extended Warranty: 
TL1255 NONGOVERNMENT 36 / 3000 PREMIER 
F.O.B/TERMS 
Amarillo 
Accepted by 
on 
Signature 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00807975

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807976.pdf
----------------------------------------
Warren 
Quote 200134.01 
WARREN CAI 
Quote 200134-01 
August 7, 2018 
HBRK Associates 
Attention:Richard 
Dear Richard, 
Thank you for this opportunity to quote Caterpillar products for your business needs. We 
are pleased to quote the following for your purchase consideration. 
One (1) New CATERPILLAR Model: 272D2 XHP Skid Steer Loaders I Compact Track Loaders with all 
standard equipment in addition to the additional specifications listed below: 
STOCK NUMBER:C92119 
We wish to thank you for the opportunity of quoting on your equipment needs. This quotation is valid for 30 
days, after which time we reserve the right to re-quote. If there are any questions, please do not hesitate to 
contact me. 
Sincerely, 
Jay West 
Machine Sales Representative 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00807976
--- PAGE 2 ---
Warren 
Quote 200134-01 
One (1) New CATERPILLAR Model: 272D2 XHP Skid Steer Loaders I Compact Track Loaders with all 
standard equipment in addition to the additional specifications listed below: 
STANDARD EQUIPMENT 
POWERTRAIN-Cat C3.8 Turbo After000led Diesel Engine-S-O-S Sampling Valve, Hydraulic Oil-- Gross 
Horsepower per SAE J1349-Filter, Cartridge Type, Hydraulic-110 hp (82 kW) © 2400 RPM-Filters, 
Cartridge Type, Fuel— EPA Tier 4 Final and EU Stage IV-and Water Separator-Certified with Aftertreatment-
Radiator/Hydraulic Oil— Electric Fuel Priming Pump-Cooler (side-by-side)-- Air Inlet Heater Starting Aid-
Spring Applied, Hydraulically Released,— Liquid Cooled, Direct Injection-Parking Brakes-Two Speed Travel 
with Ride Control-Hydrostatic Transmission-Air Cleaner, Dual Element, Radial Seal-Four Wheel Chain Drive 
HYDRAULICS-HYDRAULICS, XHP— Worktool Harness— High Flow: 40 gpm (150 'pm) max-CONTROLS:—
High Flow Pressure: 4061 psi-Electro/Hydraulic Implement Control, RH-28000 kPa max-EtectrolHydraulic 
Hydrostatic— Continuous Flow-Transmission Control, LH— Hydraulics, Proportional 
STARTERS, BATTERIES, AND ALTERNATORS-1000 CCA Heavy Duty Battery w/Disconnect 
ELECTRICAL-12 Volt Electrical System— Two Rear Halogen Working Lights-100 Ampere Alternator— Two 
Adjustable Front Halogen Lights-Ignition Key Start / Stop / Aux Switch-- Dome Light-Lights:-Backup Alarm—
Gauge Backlighting-Electrical Outlet, Beacon— Two Rear Tail Lights 
OPERATOR ENVIRONMENT-Operator Warning System Indicators:— Hydrostatic Transmission Disables—
Air Filter Restriction— Parking Brake Engages— Alternator Output-ROPS Cab, Enclosed (C3), Tilt Up:—
Armrest Raised / Operator Out of Seat— Air Conditioner ind Heater/Defroster-- Engine Coolant 
Temperature— Side Windows— Engine Oil Pressure— Cup Holder-- Air Inlet Heater Activation-FOPS, Level I-
- Hydraulic Filter Restriction-Top and Rear Windows— Hydraulic Oil Temperature-Deluxe Headliner-- Park 
Brake Engages-Floormat— Engine Emission System-Interior Rear View Mirror-Gauges: DEF Level, Fuel 
Level,-12V Electric Socket-Hour Meter and Tachometer-Horn-Storage Compartment with netting-Hand (Dial) 
and Foot Throttle, Electronic-Seat, Comfort, Air Suspension, Cloth,-Dual Direction Electronic Self Level --
Heat-(Raise and lower)— High Back heated seat with recline-Work Tool Return to Dig— Lumbar support-
Work Tool Positioner— Fully adjustable Seat Mounted-Electronic Snubbing (Lift)-Controls-Advanced LCD 
Display-Ergonomic Contoured Armrest— Full color 5 inch LCD screen-Control Interlock System, when 
Operator— Advanced Anti-theft Security System,-Leaves Seat or Armrest Raised:-with 50 user code 
capability— Hydraulic System Disables— Rear View Camera 
FRAMES-Lift Linkage, Vertical Path-Support, Lift Arm-Chassis, One Piece Welded-Cast Rear Bumper-
Machine Tie Down Points (4)-Ventilated Rear Door with Integrated-Belly Pan Cleanout-Sealing 
OTHER STANDARD EQUIPMENT-Engine Enclosure - Lockable-with Integrated Pressure Release-
Extended Life Antifreeze (-37C, -34F)-Split D-Ring to Route Work Tool Hoses-Coupler, Mechanical-Along 
Side of Left Lift Arm-Hydraulic Oil Level Sight Gauge-Variable Speed Hydraulic Cooling Fan-Radiator 
Coolant Level Sight Gauge-Per SAE J818-2007 and EN 474-3:2006 and-Radiator Expansion Bottle-ISO 
14397-1:2007-Cat Tough Guard Hose-At 50% Tipping Load-Heavy Duty Flat Faced Quick Disconnects--
3650 lb (1656 kg) 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00807977
--- PAGE 3 ---
Warren 
Quote 200134.01 
MACHINE SPECIFICATIONS 
Description 
Reference No 
272D2 XHP SKID STEER LOADER 
435-8973 
CONVERSION ARRANGEMENT 
421-0340 
CERTIFICATION ARR, P65 
563-1163 
FILM, SELF LEVEL, ANSI 
435-9238 
FILM, RIDE CONTROL, ANSI 
422-3445 
DOOR. CAB, POLYCARBONATE 
345-6260 
RADIO. AM/FM, BLUETOOTH 
345-6180 
LIGHTS, LED 
495-1671 
SEAT BELT, 2" 
258-4095 
PRODUCT LINK, CELLULAR PL240 
441-4818 
FAN.COOLING, DEMAND, REVERSING 
457-2835 
TIRES, 14/17.5 CAT 14PR 
331-2490 
QUICK COUPLER, HYDRAULIC 
515-8592 
SERIALIZED TECHNICAL MEDIA KIT 
421-8926 
HEATER, ENGINE COOLANT, 120V 
345-3556 
INSTRUCTIONS. ANSI, USA 
435-8840 
LANE 3 ORDER 
OP-9003 
Cat 84" Bucket 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00807978
--- PAGE 4 ---
Warren 
Quote 200134-01 
Sell Price 
$70.274.42 
Net Balance Due 
$70,274.42 
HET: HET POTTER/RANDL TAX (0.153%) 
$107.52 
After Tax Balance 
$70,381.94 
WARRANTY 
Standard Warranty: 
Standard 12 Month Unlimited Hour Full Machine Coverage 
F.O.B/TERMS 
Amarillo 
Accepted by 
on 
Signature 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00807979

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807980.pdf
----------------------------------------
Quantum Vision Construction LLC 
LSJ Sample Roads 
Little St. James Island 
U.S. Virgin Islands 
LSJ Sample Roads 
1/28/2019 to 3/30/2019 (60 Workdays) 
JANUARY 2019 
FEBRUARY 2019 
Feb04 
Feb 11 
12 13 
an 28 
29 30 31 
CI 
NAME 
START DATE 
END DATE 
DURATION 
MoiTue Weithu Fri Sat Sun MonTue Weirhu Fri Sat Sur MoiTue Wi 
Contract Signing 
Mon 1/28/2019 
Mon 1/28/2019 
Id 
• 
1, Contract Signing 
Mobilization 
Wed 1/30/2019 
Sun 2/10/2019 
12d 
2, Mobilil 
C7t Sundial Road 
Mon 2/11/2019 
Fri 3/8/2019 
Days 
Aggregate Base Placement 
Mon 2/11/2019 
Sun 2/17/2019 
7d 
  Forming and Reinforcement 
Tue 2/19/2019 
Mon 2/25/2019 
7d 
  Concrete Placement 
Tue 2/26/2019 
Fri 3/8/2019 
11d 
i 
Flag Road 
Mon 3/11/2019 
Thu 3/28/2019 
Days 
L  Aggregate Base Place ment 
Mon 3/11/2019 
Thu 3/14/2019 
4d 
  Forming and Remfort ement 
Fri 3/15/2019 
Mon 3/18/2019 
4d 
Concrete Placement 
Tue 3/19/2019 
Fri 3/22/2019 
4d 
Saw Cutting 
Mon 3/25(2019 
Thu 3/28/2019 
4d 
Project Turnover 
Fri 3/29/2019 
Fri 3/29/2019 
id 
11/28/2019 
3/30/2019 
EFTA00807980
--- PAGE 2 ---
Quantum Vision Construction LW 
LSJ Sample Roads 
Little St. James Island 
U.S. Vi in Islands 
il
15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 1 
iShu Fri Sat Si Mo liue Wedrhu Fri Sat Sun Mo Cue We ifbu Fri Sat Su 
Feb 18 
Feb 25 
MARCH 2019 
Mar 661 
tMar 11 
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 
Molrue Welltu Fri Sat Sun Mo frue We drhu Fri Sat 
Mar 18 
Mar 25 
19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 
Moine WeShu En Sat Sun MonTue Weirhu Frl Sat Sun lo 
ation 
4, Aggregate Base Placement 
5, Forming and Reinforcement 
3, Sundial Road 
6, Concrete Placement 
8, Aggreg e Base Placement 
9, Forming and Reinfcrcement 
10, Cc ncrete Placement 
Flag Roc 
, Saw Cull 
12, Proji 
21/28/2019 
3/30/2019 
EFTA00807981

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807982.pdf
----------------------------------------
Construction Proposal 
Quantum Vision Construction LLC 
8168 Crown Bay Marina 
Suite 505 PMB 260 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
January 21', 2018 
Owner: LSJE 
Project: 
Asphalt Pathways Paving Works 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SCOPE OF WORK: 
• 
Prepare and grade existing sub base 
• 
Eradicate and remove weeds and organic material from existing sub base. 
• 
Compact sub base to insure stability 
• 
Spread and compact 3 inches of owner-supplied aggregate base material 
• 
Apply Tack Coat prior to asphalt concrete placement 
• 
Place new 2-inch asphalt concrete pathway 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS: 
• 
LSJ will remove, secure, and replace all stone and other border edges. 
• 
LSJ will provide all ferry services and vehicular and equipment barging services to and from Little St. James Island. 
• 
Aggregate base will be supplied by owner. 
• 
Care will be taken throughout this project to minimally impact all existing areas on Little St. James Island that is not a 
part of this project. However, it is understood that some damage will occur to existing landscaped areas and contractor 
will not be responsible for replacement of these damaged areas while implementing normal construction procedures. 
OPTIONS (NOT INCLUDED IN BASE PRICE): 
• 
As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" and dated 
September IS, 2014. 
TOTAL BASE PRICE: 
$562,500.00 
•Total Base Price is based on Quantum Vision Construction LLC's procurement of asphalt concrete from the Island Roads asphalt 
producing plant. 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page I of 2 
EFTA00807982
--- PAGE 2 ---
Construction Proposal 
Project Table: 
Name 
Description 
Asphalt Concrete 
Paving 
Excavation and 
Sitework 
2-inch pathway 
3-inch course using owner 
supplied aggregate base 
material. 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
Unit 
Total Cost 
1.500 
$350.00 
Ton 
$525.000.00 
13.000 
515.00 
S.Y. 
537.500.00 
Total Base Price 
$562,500.00 
Options 
I
Drainage Measures: As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" 
and dated September IS. 2014. 
a 
Concrete Swales 
Described above 
S1.064.00 
EA 
534.048AX) 
Aggregate Base 
Pad 
Described above 
$182.00 
EA 
$5.824.00 
Rip Rap Detention 
Area 
Described above 
$202.00 
EA 
$6464.00 
Options Total 
I 
$46,336.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00807983

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807984.pdf
----------------------------------------
Construction Proposal 
Quantum Vision Construction LLC 
8168 Crown Bay Marina 
Suite 505 PMB 260 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
January 21', 2018 
Owner: LSJE 
Project: 
Asphalt Pathways Paving Works 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SCOPE OF WORK: 
• 
Prepare and grade existing sub base 
• 
Eradicate and remove weeds and organic material from existing sub base. 
• 
Compact sub base to insure stability 
• 
Spread and compact 3 inches of owner-supplied aggregate base material 
• 
Apply Tack Coat prior to asphalt concrete placement 
• 
Place new 4-inch reinforced Portland cement concrete pathway 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS: 
• 
LSJ will remove, secure, and replace all stone and other border edges. 
• 
LSJ will provide all ferry services and vehicular and equipment barging services to and from Little St. James Island. 
• 
Aggregate base will be supplied by owner. 
• 
Care will be taken throughout this project to minimally impact all existing areas on Little St. James Island that is not a 
part of this project. However, it is understood that some damage will occur to existing landscaped areas and contractor 
will not be responsible for replacement of these damaged areas while implementing normal construction procedures. 
OPTION (NOT INCLUDED IN BASE PRICE): 
• 
As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" and dated 
September IS, 2014. 
TOTAL BASE PRICE: 
$830,500.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page I of 2 
EFTA00807984
--- PAGE 2 ---
Construction Proposal 
Project Table: 
Name 
Description 
Portland Cement 
Concrete Pavement 
Excavation and 
Sitework 
4-inch reinforced pathway 
3-inch course using owner 
supplied aggregate base 
material. 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
Unit 
Total Cost 
13.000 
$61.00 
S.Y. 
$793.000.00 
13.000 
$15.00 
S.Y. 
$37.500.00 
Total Base Price 
$830,500.00 
Option 
Measures:
As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" 
and dated September 18. 2014. 
Concrete Swales 
Aggregate Base 
Pad 
Rip Rap Detention 
Area 
Options Total 
Described above 
51.064.00 
EA 
Described above 
$182.00 
EA 
Described above 
3202.00 
EA 
S34.048.00 
$5.824.00 
$6.464.00 
$46,336.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00807985

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807986.pdf
----------------------------------------
Construction Proposal 
Quantum Vision Construction LLC 
8168 Crown Bay Marina 
Suite 505 PMB 260 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
January 21', 2018 
Owner: LSJE 
Project: 
Asphalt Pathways Paving Works 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SCOPE OF WORK: 
• 
Prepare and grade existing sub base 
• 
Eradicate and remove weeds and organic material from existing sub base. 
• 
Compact sub base to insure stability 
• 
Spread and compact 3 inches of owner-supplied aggregate base material 
• 
Apply Tack Coat prior to asphalt concrete placement 
• 
Place new 2-inch asphalt concrete pathway 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS: 
• 
LS) will remove, secure, and replace all stone and other border edges. 
• 
LS] will provide all ferry services and vehicular and equipment barging services to and from Little St. James Island. 
• 
Aggregate base will be supplied by owner. 
• 
Care will be taken throughout this project to minimally impact all existing areas on Little St. James Island that is not a 
part of this project. However, it is understood that some damage will occur to existing landscaped areas and contractor 
will not be responsible for replacement of these damaged areas while implementing normal construction procedures. 
OPTIONS (NOT INCLUDED IN BASE PRICE): 
• 
As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" and dated September 18, 
2014. 
TOTAL BASE PRICE: 
$465,000.00 
*Total Base Price is based on Quantum Vision Construction LLC's procurement of its own asphalt concrete producing plant. 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page I of 2 
EFTA00807986
--- PAGE 2 ---
At+ 
Project Table: 
Construction Proposal 
Name 
Description 
Asphalt Concrete 
Paving 
Excavation and 
Sftework 
2-inch pathway 
3-inch course using owner 
supplied aggregate base 
material. 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
Unit 
Total Cost 
1.500 
$285.00 
Too 
S427.5(x)(x) 
13.000 
515.00 
S.Y. 
$37.500.00 
Total Base Price 
$465,000.00 
Options 
II
Drainage Measures: As shown on drawings entitled "Link St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" 
and dated September IS. 2014. 
a 
Concrete Swales 
Described above 
51.064.00 
EA 
$34,048.00 
Aggregate Base 
Described above 
$182.00 
EA 
$5.824.00 
Pad 
Rip Rap Detention 
Described above 
$202.00 
EA 
$6.464.00 
Area 
Options Total 
I 
$46,336.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00807987

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807988.pdf
----------------------------------------
Construction Proposal 
Quantum Vision Construction LLC 
8168 Crown Bay Marina 
Suite 505 PMB 260 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
September 12, 2018 
Owner: LSJE 
Project: 
Asphalt Pathways Paving Works 
Little St. James Island, VI 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SCOPE OF WORK: 
• 
Prepare and grade existing sub base 
• 
Eradicate and remove weeds and organic material from existing sub base. 
• 
Compact sub base to insure stability 
• 
Spread and compact 3 inches of aggregate base material 
• 
Place new 3•inch reinforced Portland cement concrete pathway, mimimum 4=inch pavement is recommended for 
vehicular and equipment traffic. Concrete will be a minimum 4,000 PSI. 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS: 
• 
LS] will remove, secure, and replace all stone and other border edges. 
• 
LS] will provide all ferry services and vehicular and equipment barging services to and from Little St. James Island. 
• 
Aggregate base will be supplied by owner. 
• 
Care will be taken throughout this project to minimally impact all existing areas on Little St. James Island that is not a 
part of this project. However, it is understood that some damage will occur to existing landscaped areas and contractor 
will not be responsible for replacement of these damaged areas while implementing normal construction procedures. 
• 
Amount of $114,000.00 will be credited to owner on behalf of Betteroads Asphalt LLC. 
OPTION (NOT INCLUDED IN BASE PRICE): 
• 
As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re•Surfacing Project" and dated September 
18, 2014. 
TOTAL BASE PRICE: 
$712,586.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page I of 2 
EFTA00807988
--- PAGE 2 ---
Construction Proposal 
Project Table: 
Name 
Description 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
Unit 
Total Cost 
Portland Cement 
Concrete Pavement 
4-inch reinforced pathway 
13.0(X) 
547.(x) 
$611,000.00 
Excavation and 
Sitework 
3-inch course aggregate base 
material. 
13.000 
SI 3(X) 
$169,250.00 
Credit 
Intervention amount on behalf 
of Betteroads Asphalt LLC 
-S114.000.00 
L.S. 
4114,000.00 
Total Paving 
$666,250.00 
Drainage Measures: As shown on drawings entitled "Link St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" 
and dated September 18, 2014. 
Concrete Swales 
Described above 
51.064.00 
EA 
$34.048.00 
Aggregate Base 
Pad 
Described above 
S182.00 
EA 
S5.824.00 
Rip Rap Detention 
Area 
Described above 
$202.00 
EA 
56.464.00 
Total Drainage Measures 
$46,336.00 
Total Costs 
Little St. James Island Paving 
5712.586.00 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00807989

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807990.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
Quantum Vision Construction LLC 
8168 Crown Bay Marina 
Suite 505 PMB 260 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Construction Proposal 
January 21', 2018 
Owner: LSJE 
Project: 
Asphalt Pathways Paving Works 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SCOPE OF WORK: 
• 
Prepare and grade existing sub base 
• 
Eradicate and remove weeds and organic material from existing sub base. 
• 
Compact sub base to insure stability 
• 
Spread and compact 3 inches of owner-supplied aggregate base material 
• 
Place new 4-inch reinforced Portland cement concrete pathway 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS: 
• 
LSJ will remove, secure, and replace all stone and other border edges. 
• 
LSJ will provide all ferry services and vehicular and equipment barging services to and from Little St. James Island. 
• 
Aggregate base will be supplied by owner. 
• 
Care will be taken throughout this project to minimally impact all existing areas on Little St. James Island that is not a 
part of this project. However, it is understood that some damage will occur to existing landscaped areas and contractor 
will not be responsible for replacement of these damaged areas while implementing normal construction procedures. 
• 
Amount of $114,000.00 will be credited to owner on behalf Betteroads Asphalt LLC. 
OPTION (NOT INCLUDED IN BASE PRICE): 
• 
As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" and dated September 
18, 2014. 
TOTAL BASE PRICE: 
$716,500.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page I of 2 
EFTA00807990
--- PAGE 2 ---
Construction Proposal 
Project Table: 
Name 
Description 
Portland Cement 
Concrete Pavement 
Excavation and 
Sitework 
Credit 
4-inch reinforced pathway 
3-inch course using owner 
supplied aggregate base 
material. 
Intervention amount on behalf 
of Betteroads Asphalt LLC 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
Unit 
Total Cost 
13.000 
561.00 
S.Y. 
$793,000.00 
13.0(X) 
515AX) 
S.Y. 
$37,500.00 
-S114.000.00 
L.S. 
4114,000.00 
Total Base Price 
$716,500.00 
Option 
Drainage Measures: As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" 
and dated September 18. 2014. 
Concrete Swales 
Described above 
51.064M0 
EA 
534.048.00 
Aggregate Base 
Described above 
5181.00 
EA 
S5.824.00 
Pad 
Rip Rap Detention 
Described above 
5202.00 
LA 
56.464.00 
Area 
Options Total 
$46,336.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00807991

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807992.pdf
----------------------------------------
%green 
riaG D 
PRODUCT 
Chris Sheehan 
Ann Rodriguez 
Litter St. James Island 
February 6,2013 
6100 Reed Hook Quarters Suite B; 
St. Thomas USVI 0080z 
340/ 131855 
GREEN GOOD PRODUCT 
Parque De Las Fuentes 81403 
San Juan, M. 00918 
Quotaion Palms 
11/20/2017 
Description walk 
Original 
/Price 
Special 
/Price 
Queen Palm 
8cLe 
s250.00 s 
225.0o 
Queen Palm 
t51-i6' 
sz75.00 s 
z5o.00 
Paurottis Palms 
tz1-Le 
s400.00 s 
375.00 
Bismarkia 
14c18' 
s400.00 
$ 
375.00
LSJ Grounds Manager 
1. LSJ has to do 503/4  of the payment by wire transfer before November 30,2017 
z. Green Good Product is responsible to coordinate and do the 
Agricultural Inspection for the delivery. 
3. LSJ need to pay the 50% balance the week of the delivery. 
4. LSJ is responsible for the delivery door to door. 
We appreciate your business. If you have any question, please call. 
Best Regard , 
Ingrid J. Rivas 
Green Good Product 
EFTA00807992
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00807993
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00807994

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807995.pdf
----------------------------------------
3641 South Tacoma 
Tuba 
(918) 591-5430 
Srandon %On 
Electric Power Sales Representative 
October t, 2018 
We are pleased to submit our proposal for (2) new Caterpillar model D175-8 Diesel packaged 
generator set, rated 175 kW standby, 480 volt, 3 phase, 60 cycle. The genset is equipped with the 
following features: 
C 7.1 ENGINE 
PERMANENT MAGNET EXCITATION 
EMCP 4.2 CONTROL PANEL 
Additional Features: 
• 
STANDBY POWER 
• 
UL 2200 LISTED PACKAGE GEN SET 
• 
60Hz 3PH 480/277 VOP610 
• 
STANDARD WARRANTY 
• 
130C TEMP RISE OVER 40C AMBIEN 
• 
NFPA 110 BUNDLE 
• 
400A Breaker 
• 
SILENCER SYSTEM 25dBA 
• 
STANDARD RADIATOR 
• 
STD AIR CLEANER - LIGHT DUTY 
• 
WET BATTERY (B1W) 
• 
NFPA BATT CHARGER UL1OA 120VAC 
• 
JACKET WATER HEATER 
• 
REMOTE EMERGENCY STOP 
(2) D 175-8 Electric Generator 
$76,714.92 
FOB: Florida 
Lead Time: 12 to 13 weeks pending approval of submittal 
Terms: Net 30 days with approved credit 
DOES NOT INCLUDE INSTALLATION, ANCHORING, WIRING, FUEL, OFFLOADING, START UP, OR ANY APPLICABLE 
TAXES 
Ouote Includes: 
Our equipment proposal is described in its entirety above and includes no material or services that am not specifically stated 
QUOTE VALID FOR 60 DAYS 
This proposal is our interpretation of the specification/MT and does not guarantee compliance. 
WC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 
EFTA00807995
--- PAGE 2 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
I. AGREEMENT. Warren Power & Machinery, Inc. doing business as Warren Cat ("Seller") 
offers to sell the products and materials (the "Goods") indicated on the face of this Sales 
Agreement, Sales Order or Sales Quotation (the "Order") to the purchaser or buyer ("Buyer') 
indicated on the Order in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. Submittal of a purchase 
order for the Goods by Buyer, execution of the Order by Buyer, or any other express 
acknowledgement of the Order by Buyer constitutes acceptance of this offer, which offer and 
acceptance constitute a legally enforceable agreement ("Agreement") between Seller and Buyer. 
Any additional or different term or condition on Buyer's purchase order or acknowledgement 
form, or otherwise communicated in writing or orally by Buyer in accepting this offer, is deemed 
to be a material alteration of this offer and is objected to and rejected by Seller. 
2. PRICE. The prices contained in this offer are firm for thirty (30) days from the date of this 
offer. The prices are exclusive of all sales, use, excise and other similar taxes. 
3. TERMS OF PAYMENT. Unless otherwise stated on the face of the Order, Buyer shall pay 
Seller for the Goods and all applicable taxes within thirty (30) days from the date of Seller's 
invoice. Any unpaid amount bears interest at a rate equal to the lesser of (a) 18% per annum, or 
(b) the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. 
4. DELIVERY. Delivery of the Goods is Ex Works (Incoterms 2010) Seller's facility indicated 
on the face of the Order. Any delivery date on the face of the Order is approximate, and Seller 
has no liability for failure to deliver the Goods by the delivery date. 
5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, 
SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF WHATSOEVER NATURE, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, CONCERNING THE GOODS, IT BEING THE INTENTION OF SELLER AND 
BUYER TO NEGATE EXPRESSLY AND TO EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING 
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTIES CREATED BY ANY AFFIRMATION OF FACT 
OR PROMISE OR BY ANY DESCRIPTION OF THE GOODS AND ANY OTHER 
WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER CONTAINED IN OR CREATED BY THE UNIFORM 
COMMERCIAL CODE OR SIMILAR LAW AS ADOPTED IN THE STATE OF TEXAS OR 
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. BUYER WAIVES ANY CLAIM IT HAS AGAINST SELLER 
FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR EXPENSE CAUSED BY THE GOODS OR BY ANY 
DEFECT IN THE GOODS, USE OR MAINTENANCE OF THE GOODS OR SERVICING OR 
ADJUSTMENT TO THE GOODS, AND PURCHASES THE GOODS AS-IS. Seller will 
provide commercially reasonable assistance to Buyer in enforcing any manufacturer's warranty. 
6. FORCE MAJEURE. Seller may suspend performance under this Agreement during the 
occurrence of a delay arising from causes or events beyond Seller's reasonable control, including 
acts of God, fire, war, strike, loss or shortage of transportation, lockout or commandeering of raw 
materials or products or plants or facilities by a governmental authority. 
7. PATENT INDEMNITY. Seller shall, at its own expense, defend any suit or cause of action 
against Buyer for alleged infringement of patent rights arising from the sale or use of the Goods 
and indemnify and hold Buyer harmless from any damages, liabilities, claims, losses and 
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) paid or incurred by Buyer in connection with the 
suit or cause of action. 
8. CANCELLATION. If Buyer desires to cancel or change any portion of the Order, Buyer may 
request same in writing to Seller. Seller may, in its sole discretion, accept or reject any request 
and may charge Buyer a reasonable fee and any costs Seller incurs related to the change or 
cancellation as a condition to accepting any cancellation or change. 
EFTA00807996
--- PAGE 3 ---
9. GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND VENUE. This agreement is governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Texas applicable to agreements made and to 
be performed entirely within that state. This agreement is performable in Midland County, Texas, 
and buyer waives the right to be sued elsewhere. Without excluding any other jurisdiction, buyer 
agrees that the state and federal courts of Texas located in Midland, Texas have jurisdiction over 
any proceedings in connection with this agreement and submits with respect to itself and its 
property to the jurisdiction of any like court for the purpose of any suit, action, proceeding or 
judgment relating to or arising out of this agreement. 
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY PROVISION OF THIS 
AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, NEITHER PARTY (NOR THE OFFICERS, 
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS OF EITHER PARTY) IS LIABLE HEREUNDER 
TO THE OTHER IN ANY ACTION OR CLAIM FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER THE 
ACTION IN WHICH RECOVERY OF THE DAMAGES IS SOUGHT IS BASED ON 
CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING SOLE. CONCURRENT OR COMPARATIVE 
NEGLIGENCE), GROSS NEGLIGENCE, INTENTIONAL OR WRONGFUL ACTS OR 
STRICT LIABILITY. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, ANY 
STATUTORY REMEDIES INCONSISTENT WITH THESE TERMS ARE WAIVED BY THE 
PARTIES. 
I I. INDEMNITY. BUYER SHALL PROTECT, DEFEND , INDEMNIFY AND HOLD 
HARMLESS SELLER AND ITS AGENTS, AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES AND ASSIGNS 
("SELLER GROUP") AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, AND CAUSES OF 
ACTION OF EVERY KIND AND CHARACTER WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING 
ATTORNEY'S FEES, ARISING IN FAVOR OF ANY PERSON, INCLUDING EMPLOYEES 
OF BUYER, ON ACCOUNT OF PERSONAL INJURY OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY 
OCCURRING, GROWING OUT OF, INCIDENT TO, OR RESULTING FROM THE 
SELECTION, PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP, DELIVERY, USE, OPERATION, 
MAINTENANCE, REPAIR, OR RETURN OF THE EQUIPMENT WHETHER SUCH LOSS, 
DAMAGE, OR INJURY OR LIABILITY ARISES WHOLLY FROM OR IS CONTRIBUTED 
TO BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF THE SELLER GROUP AND WHETHER CAUSED OR 
CONTRIBUTED TO BY IMPERFECTIONS OR DEFECTS OF THE GOODS, WHETHER 
LATENT OR PATENT, OR FROM ANY OTHER CAUSE WHATSOEVER. 
12. DESTINATION CONTROL STATEMENT. If exported, these commodities, technology 
or software were exported from the United States in accordance with the Export Administration 
Regulations. Diversion contrary to U.S. law is prohibited. This includes the use of these goods in 
the support of exploration or production for deep water, Arctic offshore, or shale oil projects that 
have the potential to produce oil in the Russian Federation or in maritime area claimed by the 
Russian Federation and extending from its territory. 
EFTA00807997

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00807998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00807998.pdf
----------------------------------------
POWERkrioi
HOUSE 
12300 SW 117th Ct. Miami, FL 33186 
License # LPG27808 
BILL TO: 
Neptune LLC 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach FL 33480 
DATE 
11/9/2017 
SHIP TO: 
QUOTE 
INVOICE # 
0000037189 
Neptune LLC 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach FL 33480 
CUST # 
0007169 
.NUMBER 
TERMS 
SALES PERSON 
COD
GHemandez 
QUAN 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE EACH 
AMOUNT 
1.00 
1.00 
4.00 
1.00 
3.00 
2.00 
2.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Kohler 100kw 240V-1PH-ALUMINUM/QS 
TS870 Series Automatic Transfer Switch 
600 Amp, 2 Pole, 120/240 Volt, Single Phase 
NEMA 3R Galvanized Steel Enclosure 
TSC900 Controller w/ Graphic Display Touchscreen 
Programmable Generator Exercise Timer 
Phase Loss / Phase Balance Protection 
Programmable Output Contacts - Qty.8 
Local Power Fail Simulation Test Feature 
One Year Warranty. UL1008 Listed 
Vibration Isolation mounts 
BATTERY, GROUP 26R,WET SERVICE 
One 200Amp Relay- 14x20x6 Nema 3R Can 
Programmable Load Shed Controller for 4 Loads 
250+ Amp Capacity/1.25" Wire Max Diameter- For LSC Only 
PREFABRICATED CONCRETE SLAB 
To program the Power sync modules & the smart load shedding system 
"This estimate doesn't include any electrical installationof the equipment listed 
in this estimate. FPH will provide equipment and information needed for proper 
installation by the hired electrician. 
1.00 
Engineering plans for Generator, Structural Base. Generator connections. 
Elecrtrical transfer Switch, Gas Tank, Gas lines and regulators. 
1.00 
Electrical installation of generator, battery charge circuit, transfer switch and 
installation of load shed modules. 
150.00 
Electrical piping above gound (per foot) 
2.00 
Final connection Includes gas shut off vales, sediment trap, appliance 
connection and conversion if needed. 
90.00 
Gas piping above ground. (per foot) 
240.00 
Directional Boring 
1.00 
3/4" 2nd Stage Regulator 
1.00 
1st Stage Fuel Regulator 
1.00 
Permit processing & Inspections 
(Does not include permit fees -
Permit fees will be billed separetly) 
1.00 
Delivery 
10.00 
Labor 
1.00 
Start Up: 
- Connect battery and battery charger 
28,882.70 
28.882.70 
6,054.95 
6.054.95 
95.00 
154.00 
680.00 
472.00 
190.40 
2,400.00 
450.00 
380.00 
154.00 
2,040.00 
944.00 
380.80 
2,400.00 
450.00 
1,500.00 
1.500.00 
3,780.00 
3.780.00 
25.00 
3,750.00 
307.40 
614.80 
26.50 
2,385.00 
14.00 
3.360.00 
75.00 
75.00 
47.39 
47.39 
375.00 
375.00 
1,450.00 
1.450.00 
39.00 
390.00 
650.00 
650.00 
Ask about our easy financing options! 
If you have any questions please call 
EFTA00807998
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
POWER 
HOUSE 
12300 SW 117th Ct. Miami, FL 33186 
License # LPG27606 
BILL TO: 
Neptune LLC 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach FL 33480 
QUAN 
DESCRIPTION 
COD 
11/912017 
SHIP TO: 
QUOTE 
0000037189 
Neptune LLC 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach FL 33480 
0007169 
GHernandez 
PRICE EACH 
AMOK 
- Check transfer switch operation 
- Check connections 
- Check voltage and frequency 
- Check fuses 
- Check oil level 
- Set generator for weekly self-start. 
- Generator test under load (simulate power outage) 
- Warranty registration (Proof of purchase required) 
1.00 
Terms: 
This estimate is valid for 30 days. 
Payment Terms: 
- 50% INITIAL DEPOSIT 
- 40% DUE AS GENERATOR IS PLACED ON SITE TO BEGIN 
INSTALLATION. 
- FINAL BALANCE DUE UPON START UP 
Year Manufacturer warranty 
Any warranties are solely the manufacturers warranties in effect at the time of 
sale. No other warranty is expressed or implied. 
There are no agreements, understandings or stipulations relative to this 
quotation other than those expressed herein. 
Florida Power House is being contracted to perform the specified generator 
installation and shall not be responsible for other claims relative to the job site. 
***FPH is not responsible for Landscaping, Irrigation systems. Pavers or other 
outdoor improvements and customizations.rn 
Generator storage fees apply after 30 days of delivery notice 
In the event that legal action is brought to collect on balances due, I agree to 
reimburse Florida Power House, Inc. for all expenses incurred to recover sums 
due, including attorneys' fees and other legal expenses associated with the 
action. 
Ask about our easy financing options! 
If you have any questions please cal 
EFTA00807999
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
POWER 
HOUSE 
12300 SW 117th Ct. Miami, FL 33186 
License # LPG27606 
BILL TO: 
Neptune LLC 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach FL 33480 
DATE 
11/912017 
SHIP TO: 
QUOTE 
rINVOICE #1 
0000037189 
Neptune LLC 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach FL 33480 
CUST # 
0007169 
COD 
GHernandez 
QUAN 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE MI 
To accept this quotation, sign here and return: 
SUBTOTAL 
$60,063.64 
TAX 
$2,991.55 
TOTAL 
$63,055.19 
Ask about our easy financing options! 
If you have any questions please cal 
EFTA00808000

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808001.pdf
----------------------------------------
TSG 
Making Every Drop Count
www tspwaler corn 
Customer Information 
Name: 
Little St. lames 
Attn: 
Daphne Wallace/Anna Rodriguez 
Address: 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas 
USVI 
USA 
00802 
TSG Water Resources (USVI), I nc. 
6501 Red Hook Plaza 
Suite 201 
St. Thomas, VI 00805.1306 
Phone: 340.513.0447 
•• QUOTE ONLY-DO NOT PAY •• 
Quote X: 
50.2017.003 
Date: 
5/11/2017 
Customer Code: 
SO-204-99 
RFQ 
50.2017-05.11.1 
Phone: 
TSG Contact: 
Fax: 
Kim Doll 
Terms: All Amounts Are in US$, Payment Due Prior to 
Commencing Work or Orderbig Parts. Pricing is Valid for 30 Days. 
See Detailed Terms and Conditions Attached with this Quote. 
QTY 
Description 
Unit Cost 
Extended Cost 
Remove and Replace Wheatley 110O HP 
65,000.00 
65,000.00 
Pump Purchased From Other Vendor. 
Includes:2 Technicians Onsite 1 Day 
• Travel, Air, Lodging Incidentals 
• Misc. Parts and Consumables 
if additional days onsite ore required, will 
be charged @ rate of $1,500 per day per 
technician. 
To be installed week of May 22, 2017 
One Day Onsite SWRO Plant Evaluation 
and Operations Review. 
Includes: 
• 
Senior Evaluators 
• Comprehensive Evaluation Report 
• Proposal for =Services 
To be conducted week of Jun 12, 2017 
$2,500.00 
$2,500.00 
LS.l will provide: Technician/Operator to 
ossit, Engine Hoist, and Forklift or Bobcat to 
move pump, Disposal of old pumps and parts. 
Subtotal 
67,500.00 
Shipping & Handing 
Taxes 
Quote Total 
$7,500.00 
Florida • US Virgin Islands • British Virgin islands - Anguilla - Turks & Caicos - Bahamas - Mexico 
Making Every Drop Count! 
tll 
EFTA00808001
--- PAGE 2 ---
-4 visa ..vim 
We are now accepting credit card payments. 
EFTA00808002
--- PAGE 3 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE SALE OF GOON 
1. 
Applabilly. These terms and =dims ofsale (these 'Tema') are he only terms which awn the sale of the goods (Toads') by TSG Water %souses, kr.. a George corporation. or 
any d its absidaries or ablated companies (each maybe mimed to as 'Seller, b the toyer indkated cri tte invcice abched hereto (Buyer). The acccmpaeirg invoioa (the 
end these Tern (cdlectively. tis'Agreement) comprise he entire agreement beaten the pales. and supersede al pior a contemporareous mderstandirgs. agreements. 
negotiations. repese-dations aid warrades andccmnurrications. both widen end cral.These Terms prevail over and Buyer's gererd tams and condtions d puchase regardess 
whether or Mien Buyer has subnitted its pachese order a such tarn. Futlitnent of Buyer's order does rot =Abe acceptance of any of Euyees terms and condtions aid does net 
sense to modify°, amend the Tern. 
2. 
Defway.
a. 
The 9:ace sill be deliveredwhin a rebored° lime ater the receCt of Dryer's purchase crder. subjed b avalatility d Gads. Seller shell not be labia for any delays,loss or 
damage in transit. 
b. 
i Sella is responabe fa shipping the Goods Seiler shall deliver the goods $3 he Iccation provided ai the Invoice. provided that if no beaten is spaded co the hvcice. Senor 
shed delver the Goals to Buyer's est known address 'such location he 'Delany Point') using Seller's slardard methods for packaging and shipping such Goods. If Buyer a 
responsble for slipping the Goods, the Delrary Pcint shell be Seller's kicky 'crated A 2401 NE 18th Terrace Suite B. Gainesville. FL 326(0. Buyer stall lake delirery of to 
Gcods A the Delivery Roil. Buyer shal be responsible kr all loading costs and poviie rewired and Ithor reascntly suited ter recap' d be Cads at De Deliiery Pant 
C. 
Seger rrey. in Is sole duration. vrithoul labilty or penalty. make partial shipmerts of Goods to Buyer. Each s tipment will tonalities a separate sale. aid Euyer shall pay for 
the units slipped 'Anther nth &lament is in *tide or partial ft/fitment d Buyer's purchase order. 
d. 
'nor ary [Basco Buyer fails b accept delivery d any of be Gcod s on the deb fcced pursuant to the Inwice or Sella's ndielletthe Gant have been delivered at he 
Dearer? Pdnt a if Sella is untie b thaw the Goods A the Ddivery Pohl on such date tease Baer has not presided appoprideinstudions. documents. licenses or 
aultorizdions: (i) rek of loss b tte Goods dell pass b Buyer: (B)he Goods shdl be deemed to hest hem delivered:and (ii$ Seler. at its option may store the Goods nail 
Buyer oaks them tp. whereupon dryer shell be bade br al raided one aid expenses (ndudirg,wihote Initiation. storage aid insurance). 
3. 
Shiocina Terms. The Gccicts shdl be slipped in accordanceantis 'mice: provided. hotever. tat all shipments. unless othenvise robed cn Sdlefs hvoice. an FOB Sebes tidily 
located at 2401 NE 18m Terrace. SUN B. Ganesitile. R 32609. 
4. 
Tide and Risk d loss. Title aid risk of loss passes b Shyer opal ddiveryof the Goods al he Delivery Pohl. As collateral sandy for the payment d be cureless price of the Goods, 
Buyer hereby garb to Seller a lien cn and security interest in and b all d the right. lite and blared of Buyer in. b and under he Goeds.wfierever Caned and whether row existing or 
hereafter ;rising or acquired tan time b Dona and M ell accession thereloand replacements or malacations hereof. as well as all proceeds (incadhg insurance proceeds) oft* 
forego:ins. The seedily Merest gaited under the provider, combats a purthase morey security interest under he Fbrida Uniorm COMMAS Coda 
5. 
Amended and lAodfication. These Teens may city be aneroid or modified in a writing which wecifcally stales hat it emends these Teem end simed by an authorized 
represedatived oath arty. 
6. 
Inspecion aid Reectbn of Norconformino Goods. 
a. 
Buyer shdl inspect he Goods upon receipt.Buyer willbedeemed $3 have accepted the Goods unless it notifies Sdler n writing d my ttionemforming Goods within five (SI 
days of receipt and ftmalies such writen arida-mea other docarentatien as rewired by Seller. 'Nonconforming Goodrmeans myhe folbvrirg: modal shipped is 
differenttlem idenllied in Buyer's purchase ceder; a (4) erodes label or peckagng icocrecdy identifes its carrells 
b. If Buyer *may rotities Seller d any Noncathming Goals. Seller shdl. in its sole discrehm. (i) replace such Nonconforming Goods with confcrmirg Goods. or (i) aedta 
rehnd he Price br achNonombming Goods. together with any reasoratie shippirg and handing expenses incurred by Buyer in armee:bonthereat. Al Solar'sexpense. 
Buyer shdl ship. at its risk of Os. the Noncariorming Goads to Setae s 1 wilily barbed al 24011E l&h Terrace. Sule B. Ganosvile. FL 326)9. If Seiler exercises ils option to 
replace Nenconformng Coeds. Seller shal. Ater [Kornis dryer slipmentof Noracebrmiig Coeds. slip to Buyer. at Gaye f s expense aid risk of los. he replaced Gcods 
to lb Delirery PPM. 
C. 
Buyer adinowleiges end agrees that the remedies set forth M Seam 6(b) an Buyer's exdtaive remedies kr the deliveryof Norambrming Goods. Except as prodded once 
Sedim 60). all saes of Gocds to Buyer are nude cn a cheesy basis ard Buyer has no right to returnGoodspuchased under His Agreerrentto Saler. 
7. 
Pia. 
a. 
Buyer shall purchase theGcods from Sella- at the frees (the 'Prices, set forth on Selert 
b. Al Prices are exclaimof dl sales, use and exekettares and calms dubs ard any oter simaar totes. dubs end dines d a,ykid imposed by any Govermiertal 
Aullorty on any annuls pasble by Buyer. Uriss otherwise specificallystated to the ember), on Seller's Imvice. Buyer shell be responsble ter all such dirges, costs 
and tares; provided that, Baer shell not be respaside la any taxes imposed on. or 'AT respect b. Selina incoma rthenues gross receipts. personnel or real a 
persorel property a other assets d 
8. 
Parnell Terms. 
a. 
Buyer normally wakes payment inadvaice. Shoutl Seller extend terms b Buyer. Buyer shall pay dl invoked amounts due 63 Seller whin be time provided ai he 
Invoice movidged that in the evert no lime is set brti,Buyer shell pay all such invoiced arnouth tponrecebt al Seller's inch. Unlessotherwise specificaty slated b the 
contay on Sebes Invoice. Buyer shat make dl payments hiretnder by wire hosier in US dolars. 
b. Sold Buyer hare terms Mt Seiler. Buyer shall pay flared on dl late payments al the lesser of go rated 1.5% per math or the aghast rale permissible under 
appliable law. calculated dill( and ccmpourded frond*. Buyer shall also reimburse Seller for al cats inc coed in wading my tale paymerts.indudirg. witted 
attaneys* lees. In aidtbn b al ether samedes avaiatte Lode Mese Terns a at law (which Seller does rot waive by the exercise of arty rigNs herander). 
Soler stall to entitled tosuspend the &limy of any Goods if Buyer fails topay any amotnts when the hereunder aid such blue conithers for en (10) clays fdlowhg 
written robe thereof. 
C. 
Buyer shall notwithold papnert of any mounts due end peyatle try reason of any set-off of any daim or dsptlewith Soler. 
9. 
!jihad Warmly. 
a. 
Sdler wane% het al materials and ethipment 'misted urder 
Agreement wa be now. Imes otherwise specified. and ii conkrmance with Buyer's parchase 
order. With reaped toany comporents or otter dems of equipment prorided bySeder as to which the mamedunar provides a written warmly. Buyer shall rely solely 
upon said wananty. prodded however. that Seller shell assist Buyer with rasped b arty daim of Barer upon any such varra-dy. Saler shal and does hereby assign to 
Buyer al wraiths of all ma-rufachrers and suppliers. Sear blur wands that the Goods vril conform to tie Purchase Cedar amid no warenty is worded by a 
manufadurer.will be free horn defeds in materias and workmaiship fa a period d one year from the date of shaman'. Tees warranty exduces arty damage or elated 
caused by dose. modficaiors rot accented or armored mwribng by Saler. improper or insufftent mailman:a aid improper operalon a normal wear and tear. 
Buyers soleand exclu she remedy br a breech of this warmly shal be he repair or replecemeit d the Goals in Seller's sde aviation Payer shall be responsitie for 
all costs of slipping and br ell ddies. taxes aid one assodated with the imporlatim and exportationof Goals in commicri with this warranty. h ride for an item to 
be considered under thiswarranty. Buyer shall return to Saler he tan as b Midi a warranty darn's being math at Buyer's sole eopense. f Saler determhes that the 
item is covered by this wanarly. Soler shall replace a repair to item in Seiler's sde Else *ion and pcmptly provide the item 63 Beer. Any °nate elocr required for the 
naintallaron a emir of any item amared by His warranty shall be prodded by Buyer. OTHER THAN AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH HERBN, SELLER HAMS NO 
WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IVIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE GOODS; SELLER DISCLAIMS ANYWARRANTY OF IERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR 
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; AND SELLER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED IN CONNECTION THEREOF. 
10. 
Linitelion d tardily. 
a. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL SELLER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUBMAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, ECBAPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. LOST 
EFTA00808003
--- PAGE 4 ---
PROFITS OR REVENUES OR DIMNUTION IN VALUE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THESE TERMS. WHETHER OR NOT THE 
POSSBIUTY Cf SUCH DAMAGES HAS BEEN DISCLOSED IN ADVANCE By BUYER OR COULD HAVE BEEN REASONABLY FORESEEN BY BUYER. 
REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLETHEORY (CONTRACT. TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. AND NOTWITHSTANDING 
THE FAILURE Cf ANY AGREED OR OTHER REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 
b. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL SELLERI AG GREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. WHETHER ARGING OUT OF OR RELATED TO 
BREACH OF CONTRACT. TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) CR OTHERWISE EXCEED THE TOTAL OF THEAMOUNTSPAID TO SELLER FOR THE GOODS 
SOLD HEREUNDER. 
11. 
Cancellations and Reams. Once a Purthase Coder has been =vied by Seller ard Sere's invoke has been issued. cancellation of
 sale try Wye is rot permitted and attempted 
canoalaion will be void. Further. tie rehrn of Goals by Buyer b Seller we nd be permitted vdthad SelerS prior written authorization. 
12. 
Corndiance with Lax. Buyer shell comply with all al:pleads laws. regdations and ordnance. Buie shal neintain in ef fed al he Imams. permissions. autheizaims. °onset ard 
permits get i needs to carry out its otfigators under his Agreement Buyer Mal amplywith al anal and importlaws of allcountries nvotrei in the sae of the Goods under this 
Ageerned a any resale of he Goods by Shyer. Buyer assumes al responatility for slipmmts of Goods recairhg any goverment impel cbarance. Seller may tiermirele the Agsemert 
if any governmental authority imposes addenpiag a ccuntensing oldies or any other penalties on Goods. 
13. 
Terrrindien. In Mellon to any remedies that may be prcnided under these Terms. Seller may termirele tlis Agreement with immediateeffect upon widen ndice b Wyer. if Buys-. ()) has 
to pay any amotntaben due under this Agreemert cr any other agreemert between Buyer and Seler a my other agreemert between Buyer and Saler. (ii) has nd otherwise performed 
or conplied with any of these Terms. in ands or in pad: or (ii) becomes insetrert. files a pediat for banknote,/ cr commences or has commenced against I pocealirgs rehing to 
ban krtptcy. receivership. rouge-ideal:on or assignmentfor the bendi of aorta:as. 
14. 
Wake. No waiver by Seferolary d the ponsian °leis Agreement is Olsen, unless coati* set firth in writing ard sigred by Seller. No failure to 'mortise. or delay h emdsing. any 
roph. remedy. paver or prnilege aisirg from this Agreemert epeetes or mai be construed as a waver heed. No single or partial exercise of any right. remedi.poseror pivilege 
hereunder precludes any other or further exerdse heed a the exercise of any other right remedy. paver or printege. 
15. 
Force Ali tire. Seiler shall not be liable a responsbe to Boyer. na be Seined to has damned or breached this Agreenert. br any bare a &by in fulfilIng cr pedamtng any term d 
this Agreemert Men and b the extort rat Were or delay is cased by or results horn acts a Crcumsbrces beyond the reasonable were) of Saler inducting. without limratat ads of 
Gal.flood fire. hunicana eats:pa/a excosm,garenmenbladims. var.invasion or hostilities (Mather war is decbred or not). terrorist thresh or act. rtit or other coil unrest. 
netima emergency, revolution. insured,,. epidemb. lock-outs. strikes or diver labor disputes (whether or rot relating to ether party's workforce). or restraints or delays affecting caries 
or inatdity a delay in dialing supplies al adequate or suitatie MAWla s. matelots a tdecenmurication treekdom or power wbge. agreed hat if the emelt in question continues fa 
a cortinJous period in excess of tiny (30) days. Buyer dell be entitled logne nofice in ening b Seler to terminate the Agreement 
16. 
Assignment Buyer shaft nd assign any d its rigida a delegate avoids obligations under tisAgesnert without the prbr wean consent d Sella. Any purpoled assignment or 
ddegdon h notation of this Salim is nul and void. No assignmert or debgaion relieves &lye of any of its otigations under this Agreenert 
17. 
Retatiorstio of the Parties. The relationshg between the genies k MA of indepandert toreadors. Nothing weaned in his Agreement Mal be construed as creating any agency. 
partnership. joint roan or oiler form °EOM enterprise. angler/mentor hazier,/ relationship bebveen he parties. and neither party shall here aulhoribr b contract ter or bird the other 
party in my mama. whatsoever. 
18. 
No Third-Pad Bendideries. This Agreement h for the see benefilof the parties hereto and heir respective successors ard permitted assgnsard nothing holein. morass°, inched is 
interded to or shall confer upcn any other persona witty are legs or Nailed° right benefit a remedy of any nature whatsoever urder cr by reason of these Terms. 
19. 
Gorerring Lew MI mass ening ott of or Satire then Agreementare gone/led by ard construed in accordance Mb theintemal laws d the Slab of Florida. he parties agreeing tat 
the sale of Goods Gates in he State of Florida without Ore effect b any choice or solid of law pension or rub (whether d the Stale of Fbride or any other jurisdctioM fiat would 
cause to appiatiar of the less d any juisddion oter than hose of the Staled Florida. 
20. 
Submisica b Jurisddhn. Any legs suit action or procealirg mak cut d or relating b his Agreement shall be haltered in Mefederal coals of the United Slates of Amerea or the 
courtsof the Slated Rada in each case located in ha City d Ganesnlle. and County d Alachua. and each petty irrerocatlystbmis b tte exdusinjuredction d such courts in any 
such sul. action a proceeing. 
21. 
Notices. All notices. request cements. daime demands. waivers ard other canmuricatims hereurde (each. a 'Notice) dell be in aping and adtressed totte partiesatthe addresses 
set ben on the face d the hada, orb such other address blarney be desigreted by ha receiving mire in vniting. All Notes shall be Steered by persona detivery nation* 
reoogrized preflightcoolerNthall fees pre-mie), facsinile or email (with coif/ nation d transmission) or Dallied or registered mail (in each cesa ruin receipt requested. postage 
prepaid} Except as otherwise prodded in his kreenert. a Notes is effective orgy (a) upon magi al he receiving party. and (b) if the party giving he Ndice hes complied wth to 
requirements d his Section. 
22. 
Severthigy. If any berm a proleion of this /teemed isinvalid, Mega or unentrceable in my jurisdiclon nth invaldity. decidey or unederceablityshal notated anyone tumor 
provision of the Agreement cr inwlidaleor render unankrceatia such tremor provisbn in any other Misdition. 
23. 
Sunival. Provisions d these Terms Mich by their nature shodd apply beyond heir terms wet remain ih face eller any terninalicn or expiration of thisOsier including tut not limited to the 
follomng provisions Compliance with Laws.Conldertelity. Governing Law. Sbtinissbn b Jurisdiction and Surged. 
EFTA00808004

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808005.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 4, 2018 
SSVI EXPERT, LLC 
QUOTE FOR GREAT ST. JAMES 
TO: 
Broke Away Dock Section 
Reconstruction of Broke away Dock (Jet Key Area)-
$4,800.00 
Reconstruction Shelter 1 
Scope of work: 
Installation of 8 upright columns (wooden) 
Hip Roof (according to existing drawings 
Installation of Cyprus under thatching 
Thatching on top-
S27.000.00 
Replacement of slots on dock 
54.200.00 
Repair of concrete on each side of Shelter 2 
$2,500.00 
TOTAL COST: $38,500.00 
Sincerely, 
Ce/e/eifrg eZerts 
Elderfield Roberts 
Director 
SSVI-EXPERT BUILDERS LLC 
EFTA00808005

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808006.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 4, 2018 
SSVI EXPERT, LLC 
OUOTE FOR GREAT ST. JAMES 
TO: 
Granite 
Scope of Work: 
Assemble and install upper and lower cabinet units. 
Provide, fabricate, and install brown colored granite with undermount sink. 
$8,287.50 
Scope of Work: 
Assemble and install upper and lower cabinets. 
Provide, fabricate, and install black colored granite countertops with undermount sink. 
$10,350.00 
Scope of Work: 
Assemble and install upper and lower cabinet units. 
Provide, fabricate, and install black speckled granite countertops with undermount sink. 
$20,850.00 
Total Cost: $39,487.50 
Sincerely, 
'r"///0./7/: Fr/ ,,t, 
Elderfield Roberts 
Director 
SSVI-EXPERT BUILDERS LLC 
EFTA00808006

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808007.pdf
----------------------------------------
Lionel A. Eddy 
A New Look Maintenance LLC 
P.O. Box 502276 
St. Thomas, VI 00805 
June 22, 2018 
Ann Rodriquez 
Smith Bay 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Dear Ms. Rodriquez 
You recent y requested pricing information for work on electrical. Here is the quote: 
Quantity Description of item 
Price per unit 
Price 
Install one 240V circuit for double oven in 
kitchen 
$400.00 
$400.00 
Install one outlet behind the stove and 3 
outlets above counter top 
$125.00 
$500.00 
Troubleshoot outlets and lights in 
downstairs bedroom and upstairs apartment 
$300.00 
$300.00 
Total 
$1,200.00 
Tax 
0.00 
Grand total 
$1,200.00 
Payment Terms: 
50% due upon start of Work 
50% due upon completion of project 
Payment can be made by Cash PayPal, Direct Deposit or Check. Information is as follows 
PayPal - Go on PayPal and enter 
and send money 
Direct Deposit - 
Bank : 
Banco Popular 
Acct # 
594167412 
Route # 
021606674 
EFTA00808007
--- PAGE 2 ---
June 22, 2018 
Page 2 
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to bid for your business. As always, it's a pleasure doing 
business with you. I look forward to doing this job to your satisfaction. 
Sincerely, 
Isestal A. 61+ 
P.S. If you would like to discuss items in this quote, or if you need any additional information, 
please call me personally at 
EFTA00808008

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808009.pdf
----------------------------------------
Full Compass Systems, Ltd 
9770 Silicon Prairie Parkway 
Bill to: 
VISOSKL LARRY 
301 E 66TH STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10065 
Ship to: 
Janusz Banasiat 
Attn: Jermaine Ruan 
358 El Brillo Way 
PALM BEACH, FL 33480 
Quotation 
Confirmation # 
Page 
Date 
Sales order 
Purchase order # 
Ordered by 
Salesperson 
Payment 
Customer account 
FOB 
5OC3565891.1 
of 1 
2/2O2018 
SOC3S6S891 
Quote 
Jermaine 
Shawn Tallard 
Credit Card 
CUC1007720 
FOISO 
MFG 
Item Number 
Description 
Quantity 
Ordered Unit 
Ship Via 
Unit Price 
Extended 
Price 
TNM 
PARIS-616•FGREEN 
Speaker 2 Way Full Range Green 
EA 
FREIGHT 
5898.00 
$1796.00 
TNM 
BERLIN-INSTALL-6040 
Speaker,2-Way,Passive,500W 
EA 
FREIGHT 
52288.00 
$9152.00 
TNM 
OS1O-18•SUBWOOFER 
Subwoofer,18',WeatherprL1364 
EA 
FREIGHT 
51652.00 
$1652.00 
Sales subtotal amount: 
512600.00 
Shipping & handling: 
50.00 
Net amount 
$12600.00 
Sales tax: 
50.00 
Total: 
512600.00 
Prepaid: 
50.00 
Balance due: 
512600.00 
EFTA00808009

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808010.pdf
----------------------------------------
Full Compass Systems, Ltd 
9770 Silicon Prairie Parkway 
MADISON, WI 53593 
Bill to: 
LS1E, St Thomas 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
ST THOMAS,VIR00802 
VIR 
Ship to: 
lermaine Ruan 
358 El Brillo Way 
PALM BEACH, FL 33480 
Quotation 
Confirmation x 
SOC3916842-1 
Page 
of 1 
Date 
2/19/2019 
Sales order 
SOC3916842 
Purchase order N 
Quote 
Ordered by 
Jermaine 
Salesperson 
Shawn Tallard 
Payment 
Credit Card 
Customer account 
CUC1007720 
FOB 
FOBO 
Quantity 
Extended 
MFG 
Item Number 
Description 
Ordered Unit 
Ship Via 
Unit Price 
Price 
Fin 
TNM 
BERLIN-15/H INSTALL 
Speaker 2 Way Full Range(673) 
EA 
FREIGHT 
51898.65 
53797.30 
TNM 
OSLO-18-SUBWOOF ER 
Subwoofer,18".Weatherprf,1364 
EA 
FREIGHT 
51798.00 
53596.00 
Sales subtotal amount 
17393.30 
Shipping & handling: 
10.00 
Net amount 
17393.30 
Sales tax: 
10.00 
Total: 
17393.30 
Prepaid: 
10.00 
Balance due: 
17393.30 
EFTA00808010

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808011.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jean-Pierre Oriol 
Director, Division of Coastal Zone Management 
Department of Planning and Natural Resources Cyril E. King Airport Terminal, Second Floor St. Thomas, 
Virgin Islands 00802 
Re: Major Water Permit Application No. CZT-1-18(W) Great St. Jim, LLC, St. Thomas, Virgin Islands for 
the Construction Temporary Barge Landing, an Access Dock and a Combination Dock and Barge Landing 
Dear Mr. Oriol; 
Please see the attached responses to your letter of deficiencies. 
1. 
Please find the list of adjacent property owners attached. 
2. 
A clearance letter has been requested from the State Historical Preservation Office (SHPO) 
and will be forwarded as soon as it is received. We resent the request prior to sending this 
response incase it was misplaced during the storms and recovery. 
3. Please find the requested maps attached herewith. 
4. Please find BCSC Dospiva's Qualifications attached. Their qualifications statement will also 
be in the Appendix of the revised EAR. 
Letter: The removal of the dock which was not permitted by the USACE is now descripted in the EAR 
section 5.00. These areas are highlighted for ease of review in the revised EAR. The following has been 
added to the list sections below. 
"5.0 
SUMMARY OF PROPOSED ACTIVITY 
The existing dock in the shallow northern bay will be removed as soon as one of the other two access 
docks are functional. The dock will have the decking removed, and then the stringers and pile caps will 
be disassembled. This will all be done by workers from the shore. Once only the piles remain, a shallow 
draft barge will come into the bay and pull the piles out. If for some reason the piles cannot be pulled 
they will be cut off by commercial divers at the mudline. 
5.01c METHODS OF CONSTRUCTON 
The existing dock will be removed as soon as one of the access docks is functional. The decking and pile 
caps will be removed from shore. The pilings will be pulled by a small barge and if the pilings prove too 
hard to pull out they will be cut off at mudline by divers." 
Zoning: The master plan for the island has been submitted to DPNR for review. This plan shows the 
relationship of the docks to the proposed buildings and island features. The intent is for the northern 
barge landing to be used until such time the permanent barge landing can be built on the southeastern 
side of the island. The dock to the southeast is to provide a permanent barge landing location and quick 
access from LSJ. The dock on the western side of the island is for access by employees and persons 
coming from the island of St. Thomas. By having docks on both sides of the island there will always be 
EFTA00808011
--- PAGE 2 ---
access in the event seas are extremely rough from the south making the southern dock unusable or 
from the west making the Christmas Cove Dock unusable. 
As shown in the Master Plan (shown below), there is a residential cottage and a woodshed and machine 
shop adjacent to the western dock. And there is a residential cottage associated with the southeastern 
dock. 
NOTES! TAW L EOM 
O 
-
I
^
.
•
-
•
-
O
.
_
.
® —..... 
0----
jt w 
e rr 
• 
•• WO' !INN,
fa
This 
L&WD2: The agent for the application, Erika Kellerhals, email address is 
has been added to Form L&WD2. 
Legal 
A. Please find updated IRB Clearance Letter attached which is later than July 1, 2017. 
B. Articles of Organization and Operating Agreement Great St. Jim, LLC. Are attached. 
C. Corporate documents for Poplar, Inc. 
D. Documents Authorizing Jeffrey Epstein to sign for Poplar, Inc. are attached. 
E. Please find Letter of Existence for Great St. Jim, LLC, and Letter of Good Standing for 
Poplar, Inc. attached. 
F. Updated Property Tax Letter is attached. 
G. Please find the Deed attached. 
EFTA00808012
--- PAGE 3 ---
Drawings: 
1. Dock Site 1: The bollards will be constructed as shown in the detail in the upper right side 
of the page. The bollards will have a 3' deep 18" diameter footer with a 4' bollard to tie 
vessels to. These bollards are on the shoreline and are not off shore and therefore will 
have no impact on navigation. Offshore there are mooring buoys. The detail for the 
mooring buoys are shown in the lower left of the drawing. There are no bollards to be 
placed offshore. The only structures offshore are the mooring buoys, which consist of 
helix type anchors, floating lines, and mooring balls. 
2. Dock Site 2: A full longitudinal section and piling plan has been added. A total of sixty-six 
12" diameter Pearson piles will be driven. 
• rad. 
M1." 
VONT/ WI 
Iw 
•••1•41te 
•••••• 
(TOIIIITTS OM • 1.47•0111154.• 
MOWN, 
•••a•lat 
• 1.11.4“.• ••• 
, 
I 
.
.
. 
.
.
.
.
.
. 
•00.1001 
ap ranee 
_ 
may .J.• 
la 
Pen NOP • 
Pena • 
-1-tt 
000inOnt 
• ..• 
Fir MOW Ma 
•••••=. 
MAT Or 
On, o,
3. Dock Site 3: The dock site plan is to scale and the distance to corals is based on having the 
surveyor survey the corals in, a snorkeler in the water holding the rod so each ESA coral 
could be accurately marked. This was done so the most accurate location could be used 
to place the dock since GPS has a potential error. 
The ESA corals are those shown by the 
stars below. The closest coral is off the northwest corner of the "L" and is 25' from the 
dock in between 7' and 8' of water depth. Since vessels which would be accessing this 
side of the dock should have a maximum draft of 3' this should not pose a problem for this 
coral. During construction barges will be positioned to the south and should not impact 
this or the other corals. 
EFTA00808013
--- PAGE 4 ---
Of 
* 
* 
arias an 
* 
VICINITY MAP 
(NTS) 
SITE 3 
OMAN 004 
PAST INIVI. 
\_ 
414091n. 
TOOOF ECCK• 
Waal 
aka Of DOCK 
FROLI JAW 
if FR011 WOW 
• 
•1 
jr
...-4.0•••••I 
:4F 
A longitudinal cross section of the 100' "T" section has been added to the drawing. 
* 
Barges will approach the dock from the south and lower their ramps onto the dock 
structure. The width of the dock will allow for such a landing. A drawing has been added 
which shows the configuration of a barge landing at the dock. 
The piles are part of the wave attenuator system. There are actually 43 piles associated 
with the system, the drawing has been clarified to show this (all pile driving will be with a 
vibratory hammer. Pearson piles must be driven with vibratory hammers and therefore 
will limit esonification during pile driving). 
The dock has a total of 152 in order to support the 70,000 ton weight requirement. The 
dock and the attenuator/reef system have a total of 195 piles. 
EFTA00808014
--- PAGE 5 ---
The presence of the cay in STEER and the Area of Particular Concern is discussed in Section 5.02c. The 
purpose of the wave attenuator/reef building system is to provide additional hardbottom to allow for 
coral colonization. The specification and information about the wave attenuating/reef building system 
is attached herewith and will be placed in the appendix of the EAR. 
Pearson Sustainable Solutions 
ARTIFICIAL REEFS 
"When Marine Ecosystems were first being developed, it was just another artificial reef. However, over 
time they quickly expanded to areas that entail: wave attenuation, snorkeling reefs, oyster reef 
EFTA00808015
--- PAGE 6 ---
restoration, mitigation, shoreline stabilization, personal dock reef, coral reef restoration and to be used 
as a research tool. 
Our EcoSystems are a culmination of 22 years worth of work in designing and deploying over 35,000 
artificial reefs. Its complex (rugosity) design allows small marine animals to seek shelter and protection 
from larger predators and is ideal for defusing wave energy above the water line. This allows you to 
place an ecosystems in a high-wave energy area without worry about a storm event damage. The Florida 
Limestone rock used replicates natural reef substrate and PH. The EcoSystems create an environment 
for all marine life to attach and this does include boring animals which was something no other artificial 
reef out there has been able to do. The pile mounted design, utilizing a Pearson Piling mount system, 
guarantees the unit will stay upright and not sink into the bottom as well as provide proper flushing and 
creature mobilization." 
EFTA00808016
--- PAGE 7 ---
EAR: 
Section 3: The existing dock is discussed in detail in Section 3, see below and we will add the as-built to 
the EAR and a copy has been submitted herewith; 
EFTA00808017
--- PAGE 8 ---
"3.00 ABSTRACT 
Great St. Jim, LLC is seeking to construct two docks, one of which is a combination dock/ barge landing, 
and a temporary barge landing to provide access to Great St. James Island. 
There is currently a small pile-supported dock located within Shallow Bay on the north side of the 
island. The bay is very shallow and vessels accessing the dock have damaged the shallow seagrass beds 
within the bay. At one time, there had been a concrete bulkhead at the shoreline with a small floating 
dock. The previous owner submitted an application for the existing dock which was approved by DPNR's 
Division of Coastal Zone Management, but was not approved by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers due to 
objections by National Marine Fisheries because of the shallowness of the bay. The dock was 
constructed by the previous owner despite not receiving the federal permit and notices were issued by 
the USACE requesting the removal of the unpermitted structure. The dock however was never removed. 
The applicant, understands the issues with the existing dock and is proposing to remove the dock as 
soon as another dock is constructed and usable. " 
An as built of this existing dock is attached and will be placed in Section 5.02 of the EAR and is shown 
below. 
xr 
PRIVATE .11,C.i 
RAL 
LE103711 TO CONCRETE 
210? VERTCAL SORT 
Kam I rspACING 
REVELLED 0 TOP 
(SEE ELEVATIONS) 
♦•X4'X9'1' StGN POSTS 
 210' STEPS TO WATER 
NO TRESSPASING 
MIAMI 
%ILL Inill=
"21
~RIC SCALE 
S 10 
hI 
bowl mesa 
Der Meta 
hates Slew 
CMS TIM 
CREAT ST JAMES 
DOCK 
14010••• 
••• 
SSC 
VO•••• 
son 
AW
===1 
P-1.0 
EFTA00808018
--- PAGE 9 ---
SiCE SEC DOH 
GRAPHIC SCALE 
la 
1'112-X 6- FAS(IA 
p' 
JOIST OR SKIRL 
IN FRO 
OF os 
corocRut 
I ELEPHO 
ROLE 
IN'
Papa ASS 
Allip400~ 
040 MINN 
GREArS 
Ono awns 
Selo 
••••••••• 
Section 4: The temporary barge landing is proposed so that it can be built immediately and used while 
the other docks are being constructed. The temporary barge landing has minimal impact and can be 
quickly constructed. This site is however not suitable as a long-term barge landing due to its exposure 
to waves and wakes created by ferries and large vessels passing through the Current Cut. Barges cannot 
stay but for very short durations as things are loaded and unloaded. The southeastern dock is to be 
used for direct assess between LSJ and GSJ and as the permanent barge landing. The western dock is for 
access by island employees and others coming from St. Thomas. Both docks have residential structures 
in close proximity. Having both docks allows for access to the island under all sea conditions. If rough 
seas approach from the south making the southern dock unusable vessels can land on the Christmas 
Cove dock. When seas approach from the west and make use of the Christmas Cove dock difficult 
vessels can use the southeastern dock. 
Section 5: The old concrete pile which is in the shallow depression near the shore can be removed as 
part of the project as mitigation, this pile moves with significant storms and does not have any notable 
colonization. There are two more piles which are stable and are colonized by corals and should be left in 
place to minimize coral impact. 
The ESA listed corals were actually surveyed by the surveyor/engineer to obtain exact locations in 
relationship with the placement of the docking structure. A snorkeler positioned a survey rod 
immediately adjacent to the coral, so its exact location could be mapped. The coral locations in 
relationship with the dock should be correct. The dock was purposely designed to avoid ESA listed 
corals and minimize over all coral impact. 
EFTA00808019
--- PAGE 10 ---
A graphic presentation of the project work plan/schedule is shown below and has been placed in the 
revised EAR. 
•••••• a rr 
1.1•••••••Ji...lar 
-
•
•
•
•
•
•
-
•
•
•
y
A
.
•
-
•
11•.•••••J•rlai 
31•••••••••••••• *Lola ..... • ••••••••• 
I li
sta 
...01,14. 
f-af 
• 
•••••..•• a r 
•. 
..... 
•.••.s •• a*. 
r••••,.•••r••• 
ii••••••••7•••13•4••• • 
Us roe& 
rarei•••••••••••••••••••••••••••rirr•••••• •••• •••• 
• 
...arm arr.... 
•.•1400 fain 
•••.••••••• 
...we a ••••••• 
r 
• 
i 
• 
r 
ma. 
Section 6. The dock structure has 152 piles and the wave attenuator actually has only 43 piles, 
the drawing has been clarified to show this more clearly (attached). The docks have been made as 
small as possible to meet their functions and to allow for access into deep enough water so that no 
propwash erosion or groundings will occur. The southern dock had to be made large enough and 
substantial enough so that barges could land on it and, so it would have the structural integrity for large 
vehicles to drive on and off barges. The dock has been designed by structural engineers for a 70,000 ton 
weight tolerance. 
The western dock is intended to provide access to the resident and his staff. The dock has been 
extended into enough water depth to get beyond the shallow reef and provide safe water depth for the 
owners XXX' ferry which transports the island employees. 
The master plan which has been submitted to CZM for approval shows the proposed uses on the island. 
Section 7. The construction of the docks will have minimal waste production. The wood and decking 
which will be removed from the dock which will be demolished will be recycled and reused on the island 
and the piles will be used in landscaping. The ramp for the temporary barge landing will not be removed 
unless required by the agencies. Ramp would not be used unless there were an emergency and the 
southern barge ramp was unusable. If the barge ramp is removed the concrete would be broken up and 
buried in the islands disposal site. It will have no impact on public waste disposal facilities. 
The roads on GSJ are private and are not public roadways. The construction of the barge ramp, the 
docks and their use will not affect public roads. The island roadways are hard packed dirt roadways and 
most traffic on the roadways are smaller gators, and golf carts to transport employees. Upland 
development including the roadways and roadway stabilization is discussed in the Master Plan 
application. 
The western dock has been located as far north in Christmas Cove as possible while minimizing benthic 
impacts. The bay is heavily used because it is an excellent mooring area and therefore it is also a 
suitable location for a dock. Vessels will only approach the dock at low speeds. Signage will be placed 
on the dock noting that it is an active private dock and to use caution if swimming or snorkeling near the 
EFTA00808020
--- PAGE 11 ---
dock. Most of the activity in Christmas Cove occurs to the south. The owner access to the island and 
the public use of the moorings should be able to co-exist. 
We hope that we have adequately address the listed deficiencies and concerns. Early advice concerning 
your decision in this matter will be appreciated. 
Respectfully submitted, 
EFTA00808021

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808022.pdf
----------------------------------------
TIME + MATERIALS RATE SHEET 2018 
STANDARD 
OVERTIME + PUBLIC HOLIDAYS 
STANDARD LABOUR RATES 
HOURLY 
DAILY* 
HOURLY 
DAILY* 
ADMIN 
$69 
$386 
$86 
$521 
STANDARD TECH 
$69 
$386 
$86 
$521 
SENIOR TECH 
$89 
$498 
$111 
$673 
PROJECT MANAGEMENT 
$109 
$610 
$136 
$824 
FIBRE OPTIC TECH 
$99 
$554 
$124 
$748 
CONSULTING, DESIGN + ENGINEERING 
$125 
$700 
$156 
$945 
PROGRAMMING 
$125 
$700 
$156 
$945 
* 7 hours on site 
* 7 hours on site 
TRAVEL** 
TORTOLA 
TIME CLOCK STARTS FROM OFFICE 
VIRGIN GORDA: SPANISH TOWN AREA 
REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES - ON BOAT, FERRIES + TAXIS AS REQUIRED. 
NORTH SOUND AREA 
REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES - ON BOAT, FERRIES + TAXIS AS REQUIRED. 
**Per person per day, round trip 
RETAINER FEE 
DAILY RATE 
PER STAFF MEMBER PER DAY 
$50 
Please note that all projects under the approximate value of SS000will not be given a fixed estimate. 
MI yobs under this amount may be estimated, but will be billed as actual time and materials. 
Standard hours: Monday to Friday gam — 4pm. Does not include bank holidays. 
Overtime hours:Outside of standard hours, not including Bank Holidays. 
Bank Holiday hours: As defined by the BVI Calendar. includes company break between December 20th and Jan 5th. 
Retainer Fee: To have guaranteed staff availability during holiday or overtime hours. Paid in addition to the appropriate rate. 
EFTA00808022

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808023.pdf
----------------------------------------
lr 
CRITTON I LUTDER I COLEMAN 
J. CHRIS Mos-row 
GREGORY W. COLEMAN, P.A. 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, J R., P.A. 
SANTO DIGANCI I
MARK T. LIMBER, P.A. 
AMIE Pt:Linn 
immarreorormenctrifLOWDAMONEWYONX 
VIA CERTIFIED US MAIL, RETURN 
RECEIPT RQUESTED AND EMAIL 
jackermanafowler-white.com 
Joseph Ackerman, Esq. 
Fowler White & Burnett, P.A. 
515 N Flagler Dr, Suite 2100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-4332 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Tonja Haddad, PA 
315 SE 7th St Ste 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
January 23, 2019 
ADELQW J. BENAVEN111 
PARALEGAL/INVESTIGATOR 
MARISOI. ALOIS 
LAURIE SPARKS BECIRUP, FRP 
HEATHER LIG-TIER 
BETTY STORES, FRP 
CONNIE ?AGUIRRE, Cr. FRP 
PARALEGALS 
MKTIAIL 
SCLIEVE 
(1N0- 211I) 
Chester Brewer, Esq. 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. P.A. 
250 S Australian Ave Ste 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5016 
Fred Haddad, Esq. 
Fred Haddad, PA 
315 SE 7th St Ste 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
RE: 
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley Edwards 
15h Judicial Circuit Case No. 50-2009-CA-040800)000(MBAG 
Dear Sir & Madam: 
I received the enclosed letter dated January 11, 2019 from Scott Link on behalf of Jeffrey 
Epstein regarding the above-referenced matter. Based on the letter, I hereby demand that you 
and your firm preserve all files, communications, proposed/draft complaints, discovery and 
correspondence (including electronic correspondence, e-mail communication, text messages, 
instant messages, and documents of any nature) related to Jeffrey Epstein and the above-
referenced matter. This request for preservation includes all communications in your possession 
between me, my firm and all other lawyers representing Jeffrey Epstein from October 30, 2009 
through the current date, with Jeffrey Epstein and his agents, attorneys or representatives 
regarding Scott Rothstein or Bradley Edwards, the above-referenced case and the underlying 
cases brought by Bradley Edwards against Jeffrey Epstein. The attomeys include but not limited 
to Darren Indyke, Alan Dershowitz, Martin Weinberg, Jack Goldberge, the lawyers listed above 
and Scott Link. This request to preserve includes all notes, drafts of complaints or other 
pleadings, and any other work product prepared for or at the direction of Jeffrey Epstein. 
At this time, I hereby request that you not destroy any of your files related to the above-
referenced matter and individuals. Please ensure that all electronic data, including e-mail and text 
messages are preserved. 
303 BANYAN BOULEVARD • SUITE 400 • WEST PALM BRACII, FL 33401 • PHONE: 
• MAIL
EFTA00808023
--- PAGE 2 ---
January 23, 2019 
Page 2 
As you are aware, Florida law recognizes the spoliation of evidence. Failure to comply 
with this notice can result in sanctions being imposed by the Court and liability in tort for spoliation 
of evidence or potential evidence. In the event that the you and/or your agent, lose, destroy, 
conceal, or otherwise cause the requested evidence to be unavailable after the receipt of this 
letter, then it may be presumed that the evidence (or document) was destroyed because it was 
unfavorable to you, your client and/or your agents. 
Cordially yo 
Robe D. Critton, Jr. 
Enclosures: Scott Link's letter to Critton, January 11, 2019 
303 BANYAN BOULEVARD • SUITE400 • WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401 • PHONE: 
EFTA00808024
--- PAGE 3 ---
LIR
LINK& 
ROCKENBACH, PA 
. 
CIVIL TRIAL & APPELLATE LAW 
January 11, 2019 
1555 anon OPACI1 LOOS Blvd., Stdte 930 
West Palm Beach, PL 33401 
TEL: (501)847440B I FAX: (561) 855-2891 
VIA E-MAIL 
Robert D. Ctitton, Jr. 
303 .Banyen Boulevard, Sutte 400 
West Yalta Beach, FL 33401 
rmitgawolc.cam 
.Ite: 
Jere.? Epstein 1i. Scott Rothstein andlfradley .1 Edspards 
le Judicial Citeult Case No. 50-2009-CA-040800WaBAG 
Dear Mr. Critton: 
This letter is haw Epstein's demand, ptusuant to station 627.4137,. Florida- Statutes, for the 
following: 
1, A statement under oath setting forth the following information with regard to 
each known policy of insurauce, including excess or umbrellainsurance, that 
would covet any claim that has or may result from your drafting and filing of 
the original CoMplaiM on Mr. Epstein's behalf in the above-referenced 
matter: 
a. 
The name of the instuer; 
Ix 
The name of each insured; 
0. 
The limits• of the liability coverage; and 
d. 
A Statement of any policy or coverage defense which such 
insurer reasonably believes is available to snob insurer at time 
time efproviding the statement. 
2. 
Copies of all policies of insolence that would cover such al 
Please provide this inforination•within 30 days as 
orida Statues. 
Si 
Sllitle 
20P2931 
EFTA00808025

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808026.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION AG 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMB 
Judge David F. Crow 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
PLAINTIFF'S RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT 
EDWARDS' RENEWED MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT 
Plaintiff, Jeffrey Epstein ("Plaintiff" or "Epstein"), hereby files the following Response in 
Opposition to Defendant Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") Renewed Motion for Summary 
Judgment ("Motion") and states as follows:' 
SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT 
Edwards' Renewed Motion for Summary Judgment should be denied for numerous 
reasons. First, Epstein has not had an opportunity to conduct discovery essential to refute 
Edwards' arguments. Edwards' insufficient privilege log has tied relevant discovery in knots. 
Second, Edwards filed a "Statement of Undisputed Facts" with exhibits — all of which violate 
Rule 1.510 and should be stricken. 
The "undisputed facts" are impertinent and entirely 
irrelevant, as are the unswom and unauthenticated exhibits on which Edwards improperly relies 
Nothing factually new has been submitted by Edwards. The Statement of Undisputed 
Facts is identical to the one used for Edwards' first Motion for Summary Judgment. 
EFTA00808026
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
to obtain summary judgment. Third, Edwards has not demonstrated the absence of material 
issues of fact. His alleged participation in and/or knowledge of the Rothstein Ponzi scheme and 
the validity of, and motivation in conducting, the discovery at issue in the underlying Epstein 
actions are matters of considerable debate. Finally, as a matter of law, Edwards cannot secure 
summary judgment on the basis of the sword and shield doctrine or the litigation privilege. 
STATEMENT OF THE CASE 
A. 
Delay in Discovery Pending Resolution of Pleadings 
On December 7, 2009, Jeffrey Epstein filed his Complaint against Bradley J. Edwards 
and Scott Rothstein, seeking damages based on a scheme involving the marketing of investments 
in lawsuits brought against the Plaintiff. Edwards filed his Answer and Counterclaim for Abuse 
of Process on December 21, 2009. 
On or about August 24, 2011, Epstein filed a narrowly-drawn Corrected Second 
Amended Complaint, consisting of a single count against Edwards for abuse of process, and a 
single count against Rothstein for conspiracy to commit abuse of process. Epstein alleged that 
Edwards committed abuse of process by filing the Federal ■. 
action, deposing Epstein's airline 
pilots and brother without asking any questions regarding the claims of Edwards' clients, 
noticing for deposition famous acquaintances of Epstein who had no knowledge of the claims, 
issuing a subpoena to a doctor who never treated Epstein, seeking health-related documents 
when Epstein's health was not at issue, and filing an unfounded motion to freeze Epstein's assets. 
From April 11, 2011 to November 17, 2011, the Court had stayed discovery until the Plaintiff 
had a Complaint which survived a Motion to Dismiss. 
EFTA00808027
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
B. 
RR:', Bankruptcy - Efforts to Get Records 
On May 18, 2010, Judge Raymond Ray, Bankruptcy Judge for the United States 
Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida ("Bankruptcy Court") entered an order that 
established the process for anyone wishing to obtain discovery from the Trustee. The operation 
of the Order was not limited to parties in the bankruptcy case. Further, the Bankruptcy Court 
determined it had jurisdiction and retained jurisdiction with respect to all matters arising from or 
related to the implementation or the interpretation of its Order without any limitation on the form 
(A:1). 
On July 14, 2010, Plaintiff filed a Motion to Compel Production of Documents from the 
Trustee pursuant to the document production protocol established by the aforesaid Order (A: 2). 
On August 4, 2010, the Bankruptcy Court conducted a hearing on Plaintiffs Motion to 
Compel and entered an Order on August 13, 2010 appointing former Broward County Circuit 
Court Judge Robert Carney as Special Master to review the documents responsive to the 
Plaintiff's subpoena served on the Trustee, to determine the applicability of any privileges 
asserted by ■., 
Bradley Edwards, or other former clients of Farmer Jaffee, where Edwards 
presently works, and to prepare a privilege log. The Plaintiff, without objection, agreed and 
was ordered to pay the legal fees and costs incurred by the Special Master in the preparation of 
this log (A :5). 
Prior to the hearing, two motions in opposition were filed by Farmer Jaffee (A: 
and 4). 
Subsequently, on October 13, 2010, the Special Master filed a motion seeking 
clarification of the Order appointing him (A: 7). 
Farmer Jaffee filed another motion in 
EFTA00808028
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
opposition (A: 8 and 9). A hearing took place and an Amended Order was entered, which 
allowed Farmer Jaffee to review and assist in the preparation of the privilege log (A: 10). 
Farmer Jaffe received a portion of the electronically stored data on October 17, 2010 and was 
required to prepare a detailed privilege log within thirty (30) days of receipt of the compact disk, 
i.e., on or before November 15, 2010, at its cost (A: 10). 
On November 2, 2010, ■. 
and Bradley Edwards filed a Motion for Relief from the 
Amended Order and sought to have the Plaintiff pay for the production of all documents and fees 
associated with the privilege log, which previously had been ordered by the Court for Farmer 
Jaffe to pay. In addition, Farmer Jaffe and Edwards asked for more time (A: 12). 
As a result of 
the Motion, an Agreed Order was entered granting additional time, and the Plaintiff agreed to 
pay the cost of making physical copies of the documents on the compact disks for the purpose of 
making it more convenient for Fanner Jaffee to prepare the privilege log (A: 13). 
Even though Farmer Jaffee had received one compact disk on October 19, 2010 and 
received another compact disk on or about November 15, 2010 from the Trustee, on December 
16, 2010, Fanner Jaffee filed an emergency motion, after agreeing to the Order granting 
additional time, not only for an extension of time but also for a stay in the preparation of the 
privilege log pending its Motion for Summary Judgment to be heard by this Court (A: 16). 
Edwards filed a similar motion with this Court which is presently set for hearing on January 27, 
2011. 
On December 21, 2010, the Bankruptcy Court conducted a hearing and entered an Order 
allowing through January 31, 2011 for the privilege log to be prepared (A: 17). 
EFTA00808029
--- PAGE 5 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
[ADD PRIVILEGE HISTORY - PENDING MOTION.] 
C. 
Present Renewed Motion for Summary Judgment 
On November 4, 2011, Edwards filed a Renewed Motion for Final Summary Judgment 
on the ground that Epstein could not seek affirmative relief because he had invoked the Fifth 
Amendment at his deposition; Edwards' conduct was protected by a "litigation privilege;" and 
Edwards was not involved in the Ponzi scheme (D.E. 390). On or about November 7, 2011, 
Edwards filed a "Statement of Undisputed Facts" dated November 2, 2010 (D.E. 393), which is 
exactly the same "Statement of Undisputed Facts" that he filed in September 2010 for his initial 
Motion for Summary Judgment. 
Nothing has changed in this recitation of "Facts," even though depositions of investors 
have occurred which present disputed facts under oath based on personal knowledge, which is 
just about all that Edwards presents here. 
ARGUMENT 
LEGAL FRAMEWORK FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT MOTIONS 
In order to obtain summary judgment against Epstein, Edwards must show: (1) the 
nonexistence of a material factual issue, and (2) entitlement to judgment as a matter of law. Fla. 
R. Civ. P. 1.510(c), (2006). 
In Florida, the party moving for summary judgment must 
conclusively demonstrate the nonexistence of an issue of material fact, and the court must draw 
every possible inference in favor of the party against whom summary judgment is sought. 
Summary judgments should be cautiously granted, and the trial court should not enter summary 
judgment unless the facts are so crystallized that nothing remains but questions of law. 
If the 
EFTA00808030
--- PAGE 6 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
evidence will permit different reasonable inferences, it should be submitted to the jury as a 
question of fact, and summary judgment should not be granted. McCraney v. Barberi, 677 So. 
2d 355, 357 (Ha. 1s' DCA 1996); Albelo v. Southern Bell, 682 So.2d 1126, 1129 (Ha. 4'h DCA 
1996). Finally, summary judgments are not favored. O'Connor v. Marston, 717 So. 2d 82 (Ha. 
5th DCA, 1998). 
It is also necessary for the movant to authenticate the undisputed facts upon which its 
claim for summary judgment is based. Most of the facts and assertions contained throughout 
Edwards' motion are unauthenticated and cannot form the basis for any summary judgment. Ha. 
R. Civ. P. 1.540; Bifidco v. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co., 693 So.2d 707 (Fla. 
4th DCA 1997). 
Pursuant to Fla. R. Civ. P. I.510(c), a motion for summary judgment must specifically 
identify "materials as would be admissible in evidence...on which the movant relies." Statements 
in an affidavit that are irrelevant to the claims in suit cannot be considered on a motion for 
summary judgment. See, e.g., Food Fair Stores, Inc. v. Dwell, 131 So 2d 730 (Fla. 1961). 
An affidavit based on hearsay does not provide a basis for summary judgment. See, e.g., 
Castro v. Brazeau, 873 So. 2d 516 (Fla. 4th DCA 2004). By the same token, conclusory 
allegations in an affidavit do not raise issues of facts and should be stricken. See, e.g., Reinke v. 
O'Connell, 790 F. 2d 850, 851-52 (11th Cir. 1986). 
Finally, summary judgment should not be granted until all discovery has been completed. 
See, e.g., Sica v. Sam Caliendo Design, Inc., 623 So.2d 859 (Fla. 4th DCA 1993). 
EFTA00808031
--- PAGE 7 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
SUMMARY JUDGMENT MAY NOT BE GRANTED FOR 
EDWARDS BECAUSE CRITICAL DISCOVERY HAS BEEN 
STALLED 
1. 
Documents. Plaintiff has been attempting since last spring to obtain discovery of 
communications, primarily in the form of emails originated and received at RRA with the intent 
to depose appropriate witnesses after having had an opportunity to review the content of the 
documents. To this end, Plaintiff served a subpoena on the bankruptcy Trustee appointed to 
stand in the place of the now-defunct firm's management since before this case was filed. The 
subpoena resulted in proceedings before Honorable Judge Ray of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, 
who appointed a Special Master. In response to several Orders entered by Judge Ray, Edwards 
filed a I59-page privilege log claiming that over 200 documents were privileged. Epstein has 
moved to compel production of documents by Edwards on the ground that the privilege log was 
woefully insufficient. A hearing on Epstein's Motion to Compel Production of Documents by 
Defendant Bradley Edwards and for Sanctions is pending. 
2. 
Rothstein Deposition. For the first time, on July 1, 2011, the District Court 
authorized Rothstein's deposition to begin on December 12, 2011, granting a stay to the 
government. Epstein sought leave of the Bankruptcy Court to take the deposition of Scott 
Rothstein on December 1, 2011. At that time, Judge Ray denied the Motion without prejudice, 
because there was no time in the schedule to depose Mr. Rothstein. 
The deposition of Scott Rothstein was taken in the bankruptcy proceeding of Rothstein, 
Rosenfeldt and Adler ("RRA"), but not completed, from December 12, 2011 through December 
EFTA00808032
--- PAGE 8 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
22, 2011, by Order of Judge Cohn, the Federal judge presiding over Rothstein's criminal case. 
Only a limited number of parties had an opportunity to question Rothstein during that time. 
On January I I, 2012, Epstein filed a Renewed Motion to Depose Scott Rothstein. On 
February 1, 2012, Epstein's Renewed Motion was heard by Judge Ray, who denied it without 
prejudice to seek leave from Judge Cohn to be allowed to participate in the second deposition. 
Epstein then filed a Motion for a Writ of Habeas Corpus Ad Testificandum to Depose Scott 
Rothstein, which Motion was granted by Judge Cohn on February 13, 2012. Judge Cohn 
ordered that the second deposition take place from June 4, 2012 through June 15, 2012. Up 
until now, Epstein has not had an opportunity to depose Rothstein; and as the record 
demonstrates, he has proceeded with all due diligence to take Rothstein's deposition. 
Rothstein's testimony is critical in the instant case. 
He is the central figure with 
personal knowledge of material facts relating to Epstein's claims against Rothstein and Edwards. 
Some of the relevant documents that Epstein has obtained show, among other things, that 
Rothstein was involved in supervising and/or managing the Epstein cases; the Rothstein firm 
developed a strategy to go after those persons closest to Epstein; RRA files of the Epstein cases 
were shown by Rothstein to the Razorback investors; the purpose of the Ponzi scheme was to 
personally enrich Rothstein and other co-conspirators and to supplement the income and sustain 
the daily operation of RRA; to achieve this purpose Rothstein and other co-conspirators utilized 
the offices of RRA and the offices of other co-conspirators to convince potential investors of the 
legitimacy and success of the law firm, which enhanced the credibility of the purported 
investment opportunity; RRA relied upon the Ponzi scheme to supplement and support the 
EFTA00808033
--- PAGE 9 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
operation and activities of RRA, to expand RRA by the hiring of additional attorneys and support 
staff, to fund salaries and bonuses, and to acquire larger and more elaborate office space and 
equipment in order to enrich the personal wealth of the persons employed by and associated with 
RRA. 
Thus, Rothstein's testimony is critical to the issues raised in Edwards' summary judgment 
motion. 
It is essential that Epstein be able to ask Rothstein to be able to authenticate documents 
he authored and to question him about his actions in marketing the Epstein litigation to the 
Razorback investors. 
Rule 1.510(f) provides that a court may refuse the application for 
summary judgment or order a continuance for depositions or discovery to be taken. Pursuant to 
Rule 1.510(f), summary judgment is premature because extensive discovery is pending. See, 
e.g., Sica, 623 So. 2d at 860 (reversing grant of summary judgment where properly-noticed 
deposition had not as yet been taken); Singer v. Star, 510 So. 2d 637, 639 (Fla. 4th DCA 1987) 
("Facts upon which the court based its decision were not fully developed because discovery was 
in progress, and depositions were pending. Summary judgment was therefore premature."). 
Epstein submits that this case is not the normal run-of-the-mill, slip and fall tort case or 
breach of contract case. 
A former law firm with 77 lawyers collapses when its leader 
perpetrates a giant, gigantic fraud brought about by use of the law firm. The principal member 
and person most knowledgeable of the events has pled guilty and has been sentenced to 50 years 
in prison. If one were to go on the United States Bureau of Prisons' website, he or she would 
not find Scott Rothstein listed as a prisoner incarcerated there. He remains under high security 
protection. Various efforts to depose him have only recently been successful, with Judge 
EFTA00808034
--- PAGE 10 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
Cohn's ruling, giving the United States government up until December 1, 2011 to complete its 
investigation for any other indictments arising out of this law firm fraud. 
The law firm itself is in Chapter 11 Bankruptcy. 
The Trustee has commenced 
approximately 127 adversary proceedings in order to reclaim law firm funds dissipated for the 
purpose of this Ponzi scheme. It is not a simple process of subpoenaing the documents that 
related to this firm. First, they are under the control of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, not this 
Court. Second, and more importantly, all of the documents were created by a law firm and are 
subject to numerous privilege challenges. Even the government has had ( order ) two teams of 
lawyers reviewing in excess of six figures of documents for privilege issues for their indictment. 
Certainly that takes precedence over a civil action. And, as Judge Cohn noted, Epstein was 
lucky to be able to depose Rothstein. Under normal circumstances ( insert cite ), a writ of 
habeas corpus from a State Court to the Bureau of Prisons is unenforceable and is subject 
completely to the discretion of the Bureau of Prison Officials ( CVR cite ). 
It is simply not realistic, believable, or fair to allow Mr. Edwards to oppose every effort 
by Epstein to get documents or to prepare the case, while t the same time seeking to fast track 
two — not one — but two summary judgment motions on a matter that is clearly not concluded or 
ready or ripe for summary judgment hearing. 
As previously argued, Epstein respectfully renews its Motion to either deny Edwards' 
Motion as not ripe or postpone it until further discovery has been able to take place. 
I0 
EFTA00808035
--- PAGE 11 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
EDWARDS' SUMMARY JUDGMENT MOTION MUST BE 
DENIED BECAUSE HIS "STATEMENT OF UNDISPUTED 
FACTS" IS SCURRILOUS AND IRRELEVANT 
On November 3, 2011, Edwards served a Renewed Motion for Summary Judgment 
together with a thirty-seven (37) page "Statement of Undisputed Facts," consisting of 120 
separate paragraphs, most of which are either not material at all or, where arguably material, are 
nonetheless disputed. At best only paragraphs 86 through 91 bear on the subject of this lawsuit.'-
In support of these 120+ allegedly "undisputed" facts, Edwards served an eight-inch tall 
stack of "47 exhibits" and 22 "attachments" numbered respectively from "A" to "UU" and "1" to 
"22". Collectively, we refer to these materials as the "Supporting Papers." Among these 
Supporting Papers are 22 transcripts of depositions or excerpts of depositions — the 
"Attachments" — most of which were taken prior to the filing of this action in 2009 and before. 
The other "Exhibits" are a compendium of unswoni letters, pleadings and other court filings, 
hearing transcripts, an unauthenticated copy of what purports to be a plea agreement between 
Scott Rothstein and the government,; unsigned drafts, unsigned answers to interrogatories from 
Nevertheless, Edwards fills 35 pages with facts that are not material to any issue in this 
case for the apparent purpose of prejudicing Plaintiff in this Court with a gratuitous and graphic 
recount of alleged conduct not in issue in this case, such as Plaintiffs alleged sexual exploits 
with clients of Edwards. There can be no other reason, since the Plaintiff has not placed those 
matters in issue. Edwards persists in attempting to use sex to shift the focus from his own 
conduct. 
See Exhibit "SS." The statement of facts incorporated into the plea agreement refers 
throughout to Rothstein and "other co-conspirators" without naming those others. It intimates 
that others working at RRA knew of the Ponzi scheme and conspired to advance the criminal 
enterprise. Plaintiff believes Edwards is such a person, notwithstanding Edwards' production 
of an unswom form letter from a Federal victim witness specialist identifying him as a possible 
II 
EFTA00808036
--- PAGE 12 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
another case, New York Post and other media publications, items (such as phone messages) 
allegedly garnered from Plaintiff and others pursuant to search warrants in criminal 
investigations of Plaintiff, a purported copy of a visitor log from the Palm Beach County 
Sheriffs Office, flight logs, and other documents the materiality of which is not facially 
apparent.' 
Edwards' Statement of Material Facts is a nasty mass of entirely irrelevant statements 
based on hearsay and otherwise inadmissible materials that do not conform to the Rules of Civil 
Procedure. It is a bad faith, if not reprehensible, attempt to smear and embarrass Epstein and 
others under the guise of compliance with Rule 1.150(c). Although Edwards relies on the 
following portion of Rule 1.510(c) to justify his submission, such reliance is misplaced because 
Edwards is the movant, not the adverse party: " The adverse party shall . . . identify any 
summary judgment evidence on which the adverse party relies . . ." No portion of Rule 1.150 
authorizes the filing of hundreds of immaterial and impertinent "facts" in support of summary 
judgment, particularly where the motion itself does not depend upon proof of such "facts." 
victim of Rothstein (Exhibit "TT"), but has not yet been provided the documentary evidence he 
has been seeking to use against Edwards. 
For example, Attachment "I" purports to be a 183-page deposition of Plaintiff in a case 
styled M. v. Jeffrey Epstein then pending in this Court, but the copy of the transcript is not 
signed and certified by the court reporter or otherwise authenticated and is therefore inadmissible. 
Attachment "2" consists of an excerpt of 9 pages of the purported transcript of a deposition of a 
Jane Doe which apparently in its entirety is more than 568 pages in length. Edwards included 
those pages to support the statement that Jane Doe was abused at least 17 times. 
It actually 
does not support that statement, but regardless, the excerpt is not in any way authenticated. 
Attachments "3" through "22" suffer from the same defect. The Exhibits, with the exception of 
"N: are no better. 
EFTA00808037
--- PAGE 13 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
Edwards' "facts" fall into the following categories which, on their face, are unrelated to 
Epstein's abuse of process claim and Edwards' defenses: "sexual abuse of children by Epstein" 
(911 1-18); Epstein's plea agreement with the Federal government (1119-30); Edwards' agreement 
to represent ■., M., and Jane Doe and the Crime Victim Rights Act filed by ■. and.. 
(911 31-40); Epstein's entry of guilty pleas to sex offenses (11 41-44); lawsuits filed by other 
attorneys against Epstein and settlements in those cases (191 48-52); invocation of the Fifth 
Amendment by Epstein and alleged co-conspirators in depositions taken in the "Epstein Actions" 
M., ■., 
and Jane Doe) and other similar lawsuits (111 54-58); "blocking" of discovery by 
various witnesses (9191 59-66); Epstein's purported association with Jean Luc Brunel, who 
allegedly ran a modeling agency and sexually assaulted underage models who "presumably 
live(d) as underage prostitutes in condos owned by Epstein" (191 65; see also 
62-67); Edwards' 
rationalization as to why he noticed Bill Clinton, Alan Dershowitz, Donald Trump, David 
Copperfield and Bill Richardson for deposition en 70-75); purported relevancy of pilot and 
flight logs to show interstate airplane travel in support of Jane Doe's Federal Rico claims and 
punitive damages (911 77-79); Epstein's interview with a New York newspaper reporter (9191 
80-81); Epstein's alleged threats to witnesses (11 82-83); settlements in the Epstein Actions 
84-5); and Edwards' purported non-involvement in the Ponzi scheme (1186-91). 
This Court has ruled that Edwards is not entitled to discovery regarding Epstein's alleged 
sexual misconduct because it is irrelevant. (See  
). 
What allegedly transpired 
between Edwards, 
M., and others simply does not disprove the allegations of abuse of 
process or Edwards' defenses. Nevertheless, Edwards has made sexual misconduct the 
EFTA00808038
--- PAGE 14 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
centerpiece of his Statement of Undisputed Facts, filling the first 10 pages with graphic and 
irrelevant details. It is readily apparent that Edwards' sole purpose in placing such scurrilous 
"facts" and materials into the court file and the public domain is to vilify Epstein. There can be 
no other reason for Edwards' baseless filing. 
Moreover, the vast majority of the remaining "facts" are not remotely relevant to the 
allegations that Edwards engaged in abuse of process by filing the Federal M. action, deposing 
Epstein's airline pilots and brother without asking questions regarding the claims of Edwards' 
clients, noticing prominent acquaintances of Epstein who had no knowledge of the claims, 
issuing a subpoena to a doctor who never treated Epstein, seeking health-related documents 
when Epstein's health was not at issue, and filing an unfounded motion to freeze Epstein's assets. 
Nor are any of the remaining "facts" even remotely relevant to Edwards' summary judgment 
arguments based upon the litigation privilege, the sword and shield doctrine, and the Ponzi 
scheme. The following examples will vividly illustrate this point. Irrelevant to the point of 
absurdity are extensive "facts" regarding the alleged sexual misconduct of purported 
acquaintance Jean Luc Brunel and his visits to Epstein in jail (see 11 62-67); invocation of the 
Fifth Amendment by alleged "co-conspirators" none of whom are named in the operative 
Complaint or Edwards' summary judgment motion (see 11 54-58); alleged fabrication by third 
parties (see 11 61-2); and Jane Doe's "escape() to Australia (see 151). None of these "facts" is 
remotely relevant to the abuse of process allegations and Edwards' defenses. These are just a 
few of the more egregious examples of immaterial "Facts" that vividly illustrate why the 
Edwards' Statement of Undisputed Facts should be stricken. 
EFTA00808039
--- PAGE 15 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
Further undermining the validity of Edwards' Statement of Undisputed Facts is the fact 
that Edwards only cites his Statement sporadically and generally in his summary judgment 
motion (see pp. 9, 10 at n. 2, 13, 14 and 15), and does not reference any specific "facts" in his 
summary judgment motion. The only conclusion to be drawn is that Edwards' "Statement of 
Undisputed Facts" is a sham and should be stricken. 
EDWARDS' "SUPPORTING PAPERS" VIOLATE FLA. R. 
CIV. P. 1.510 AND SHOULD BE STRICKEN, AS SHOULD 
ALL "FACTS" BASED THEREON 
Edwards' "Supporting Papers" — with the exception of Exhibit N, Edwards' Affidavit — 
violate Rule 1.510 because they are not properly authenticated and are based on inadmissible 
hearsay. They must be stricken together with the "facts" based thereon. 
a. No Authentication. None of the Supporting Papers, save two, is sworn or certified 
in any manner whatsoever. None of the Supporting Papers is accompanied by an affidavit of a 
records custodian or other individual attesting to its authenticity, completeness or correctness. 
For example, Attachment "I" purports to be a 183-page deposition of Plaintiff in a case styled 
v. Jeffrey Epstein then pending in this Court, but the copy of the transcript is not signed and 
certified by the court reporter, or otherwise authenticated, and is therefore inadmissible. 
Attachment "2" consists of an excerpt of 9-pages of the purported transcript of a deposition of a 
Jane Doe which apparently in its entirety is more than 568 pages in length. Edwards included a 
9-page unauthenticated excerpt to support the statement that Jane Doe was abused at least 17 
times, but the excerpt does not support that statement. Attachments "3" through "22" suffer 
from the same defect. The exhibits are no better. 
EFTA00808040
--- PAGE 16 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
The law is settled that unauthenticated documentary evidence may not be relied on or 
considered in support of a motion for summary judgment. See, e.g., Hollywood Towers 
Condominium Ass'n, Inc. v. Hampton, 993 So. 2d 174, 175-176 (Fla. 4th DCA 2008) 
(unauthenticated photocopies of check, letter and bank statement attached to motion for 
summary judgment could not be used to support motion); Eifitico, 693 So. 2d at 710 (trial court 
could not consider unswom or uncertified insurance documents attached to motion for summary 
judgment); Mack v. Commercial Industrial Park, Inc., 541 So. 2d 800 (Fla. 4th DCA 1989) 
(contractual exhibits which were unaccompanied by an affidavit could not be considered in 
support of motion for summary judgment). In &fitico the court observed, 693 So. 2d at 710 
(emphasis added) : 
[lit is unquestionably clear that the documents attached to 
Edwards' motion are not sworn to or certified in any manner 
whatsoever, nor are they in proper admissible form. They are not 
accompanied by any affidavit of a records custodian or other 
proper person attesting to their authenticity or correctness. . . . 
They were received without any foundation other than the 
representations of Appellees counsel. In short, rule 1.510(e), by its 
very language, excludes any document from the record on a 
motion for summary judgment that is not one of the enumerated 
documents or is not a certified attachment to a proper affidavit. 
The documents in question in the case before us, standing by 
themselves, are insufficient to satisfy the heavy burden Appellee 
must meet in order to justify the granting of summary judgment in 
its favor. 
b. Inadmissible Hearsay. In addition, the Supporting Papers and "facts" based thereon 
must be stricken because they contain inadmissible hearsay. First, the Supporting Papers were 
not authenticated by anyone in an attempt to lay the required foundation for admissibility as 
public or business records. See Gray v. State, 910 So. 2d 867, 869 (Fla. 1st DCA 2005) 
EFTA00808041
--- PAGE 17 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
(document on Department of Corrections letterhead was hearsay where foundation not laid for its 
admission as a business record or a public record); Bifidco, 693 So. 2d at 710-711 (insurance 
documents attached to motion for summary judgment were inadmissible under business records 
or public records exceptions to hearsay rule where required predicate was not established); 
Adams v. State, 521 So. 2d 337, 338 (Fla. 4th DCA 1988) (business records are inadmissible 
without a proper foundation for their admission). See also Fridman v, City of N.Y., 183 F. Supp. 
2d 642, 646 n.2 (S.D.N.Y. 2002) (newspaper articles disregarded as hearsay). 
The following documents included in the Supporting Papers are being offered by 
Edwards to prove the truth of the matters asserted therein and are rank, prejudicial hearsay: the 
"Holy Grail" (Ex. F), a "journal" assertedly taken from Epstein's computer and cited by Edwards 
inn 16-18; correspondence between the U.S. Attorney and Jay Leflcowitz, Esq. (Exs. C and D 
and 9fq 6, 20, 25) and Lilly Ann Sanchez, Esq. (Ex. L andl 28); a book receipt (Ex. I and 1 22), 
message pads (Ex. A. 1 24) and a property receipt (Ex. O and 1 34) ; correspondence between the 
FBI and 
and 
(Ex. M and 11 29, 30); newspaper articles and photos and blogs (Exs. X, 
Y, AA, DD, FF, LL, NN,9191 50, 52, 59, 61, 62, 68, 71); a jail visitor log (Ex. GG, 1 63); and 
flight logs (Ex. MM, 1 72). Accordingly, the Supporting Papers must be stricken, as should the 
"facts" based thereon. 
Third, the Palm Beach Police Incident Report (Ex. A), cited widely by Edwards in 
support of 113, 12, 13, 21, 23, 27, 82, constitutes double hearsay, and cannot be used to support 
his summary judgment motion. See Burgess v. State, 831 So. 2d 137, 140 (Fla. 2002) ("The 
information contained in police reports is ordinarily considered hearsay and inadmissible in an 
EFTA00808042
--- PAGE 18 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
adversary criminal proceeding."); Jenkins v. State, 803 So. 2d 783, 2001 Fla. App. LEXIS 16957 
(Fla. 5th DCA 2001) ("Where basis for involuntary commitment came from admission of police 
reports with unswom allegations of serious sexual misconduct, evidence was hearsay, and 
perhaps multiple hearsay, and thus could not be the basis for commitment; trial court erred in 
admitting the same as it amounted to violation of patient's right to confrontation."); Kashino v. 
Morel!, 449 So. 2d 958, 959 (Fla. 4th DCA 1984) (police accident report inadmissible in civil 
suit). Thus, Edwards' reliance on the Palm Beach Police Incident Report is egregious error. The 
report and "facts" based thereon must be stricken. 
Finally, inadmissible and improper triple hearsay forms the basis of the "facts" set forth 
in ¶ 80, in which Edwards cites the affidavit of Michael Fisten (Ex. QQ), an investigator who 
recounted what George Rush, a New York Daily News reporter, told Fisten what Epstein had 
said in an interview with Rush. 
EDWARDS' 
"FACTS" 
PERTAINING 
TO 
OTHER 
PURPORTED ACTS OR WRONGS ARE NOT PROBATIVE 
AND ARE HIGHLY PREJUDICIAL 
Many, if not the majority, of Edwards' "facts" detail in graphic terms alleged misconduct 
by Epstein wholly unrelated to the allegations in the instant litigation. Pursuant to Fla. R. Evid. 
§90.404(1), evidence of other crimes, wrongs or acts is inadmissible when the evidence is 
introduced solely to prove bad character, or that the person acted in conformity with his 
character. See, e.g., Jacobs v. Westgate, 766 So. 2d 1175 (Fla. 3d DCA 2000) (error to admit 
evidence that roommate bounced checks in action for negligent disposition of property because 
such evidence was inadmissible to "disparage" plaintiffs character). Thus, Edwards' evidence 
EFTA00808043
--- PAGE 19 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
of other wrongs has been put into a public document solely to smear Epstein and poison the well. 
However, §90.404(I), Fla. Stat., prohibits the admission of other wrongs evidence for purposes 
of character assassination. 
ALLEGATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE UNDISPUTED 
FACTS 
To the extent that Edwards' "facts" are based on allegations in various complaints, they 
are improper and should be stricken. (See 11 4, 71, Ex. B). 
For example, Edwards cites the 
Jane Doe 102 Complaint in support of the "facts" in 1 4 that "there is overwhelming proof that 
the number of underage girls molested by Epstein through his scheme was in the hundreds." 
Edwards' reliance on such allegations to proof of undisputed "facts" is egregious. 
It is well 
settled that mere allegations do not constitute "facts" for purposes of summary judgment. See, 
e.g., Metro. Dade County v. Wilkey, 414 So. 2d 269, 271 (FIa. 3d DCA. 1982) ("[P]leadings are 
not admissible in evidence to prove or disprove a fact in issue.") (citing Hines v. Trager 
Construction Co., 188 So.2d 826 (Fla. 1st DCA 1966) (the pleadings of a cause are merely 
tentative outlines of the position the pleader takes before the case is fully developed on the facts, 
and hence are inadmissible to prove facts alleged therein)). 
PLEA NEGOTIATIONS AND RELATED PAPERS ARE 
INADMISSIBLE 
Edwards' "facts" and Supporting Papers regarding plea negotiations and a plea agreement 
between Epstein and the U.S. Attorney's Office, including letters between the U.S. Attorney's 
Office and Epstein's counsel, a prosecution memo and indictment, an investigation by the Palm 
Beach Police Department, and notification of .. 
and.. 
(see 11 5, 20-30; Exs. A, C, H, I, K, 
EFTA00808044
--- PAGE 20 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
L, M) must be stricken for numerous reasons. First, none of the purported "facts" detailed in 
5, 20-30 are even remotely relevant to the issues in suit. It is readily apparent that Edwards' 
assertions that Epstein was successful in "attempt[ing] to avoid the filing of numerous federal 
felony offenses" (1 5) and "Epstein's attorneys knew of Epstein's scheme to recruit minors for 
sex..." (¶ 6) are extraneous and highly prejudicial, demonstrating the specious nature of 
Edwards' Statement of Undisputed Facts. 
Second, Edwards' filing of correspondence and documents between Epstein's counsel and 
Federal prosecutors violates an Order entered in Jane Doe No. 2. v. Epstein, Case No. 
08-80893-Marra/Johnson on January 5, 2011. 
(See D.E. 226) (Ex. A attached hereto). 
Pursuant to that Order, Edwards is required to seek leave of court before filing or making public 
the subject correspondence and documents. Edwards, however, did not seek leave of this Court 
before making public thousands of pages of confidential documents subject to the Federal Order. 
Third, evidence of a settlement or statements made during settlement negotiations are 
inadmissible to prove liability under §90.410, Fla. Stat. See Richardson v. State, 706 So. 2d 
1349, 1355-1356 (Fla. 1998) ("Rule 3.172(h) and Section 90.410, Florida Statutes (1991), 
prohibit the admission of statements given during plea negotiations."); State v. Walters, 12 So. 
3d 298, 303 (Fla. 3d DCA 2009) (error to admit e-mails exchanged during plea negotiations; 
exclusion of offers to compromise is based on ground that the evidence is irrelevant and public 
policy favors amicable settlements of disputes and the avoidance of litigation); Debiasio v. State, 
789 So. 2d 1061, 2001 Fla. App. LEXIS 8039 (Fla. 4th DCA 2001) ( a letter from the defendant's 
attorney to the State's attorney stating that defendant was willing to accept responsibility for 
EFTA00808045
--- PAGE 21 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
what he had done was an offer to plead guilty that was inadmissible evidence under Ha. Stat. § 
90.410). 
In the instant case, any and all evidence cited by Edwards regarding the plea negotiations 
between Epstein's counsel and the U.S. Attorney's Office must be stricken for the reasons set 
forth herein. 
THE SWORD AND SHIELD DOCTRINE DOES NOT 
SUPPORT SUMMARY JUDGMENT FOR EDWARDS 
Edwards contends that Plaintiff must be denied any affirmative relief regardless of the 
merits of his cause, because at his deposition taken in the instant case, Plaintiff refused to answer 
certain questions, invoking his Fifth Amendment privilege. (Mot. at 19-20). Edwards also 
argues that he is entitled to summary judgment because Plaintiff's assertion of the Fifth 
Amendment raises adverse inferences which conclusively establish that Plaintiff's claims are 
without merit. (Id. at 21-2). Edwards' arguments are wrong. 
First, Edwards misapprehends the nature and application of the "sword and shield" 
doctrine, which "embraces the rule `that a plaintiff may not seek affirmative relief in a civil 
action and then invoke the Fifth Amendment to avoid giving discovery in matters pertinent to the 
litigation.' DeLisi v. Bankers, Ins. Ca, 436 So. 2d 1099, 1100 (Fla. 4th DCA 1983) (quoting 
City of St. Petersburg v. Haughton, 362 So. 2d 681, 685 (Fla. 2d DCA 1978) (emphasis added)). 
See also Brancaccio v. Mediplex Mgmt. of Pon St. Lucie, Inc., 711 So. 2d 1206, 1208-1210 (Ha. 
4th DCA 1998) (approving City of St. Petersburg and Village Inn Rest v. Aridi, 543 So. 2d 
778,782 (Ha. 1st DCA 1989)), in which the First District agreed that "sanctions may be 
necessary where a plaintiff in a civil action invokes the Fifth Amendment privilege against 
EFTA00808046
--- PAGE 22 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
revealing relevant information in pretrial discovery." (emphasis added). The Fourth District 
explained in Brancaccio that the "Supreme Court has disapproved of procedures which require a 
party to surrender one constitutional right in order to assert another..." 711 So. 2d, at 1210. 
Thus, a "civil defendant [does not] have an absolute right to have the action dismissed any time a 
plaintiff invokes his constitutional privilege." 
Pursuant to the foregoing authorities, Plaintiff's claims may not be dismissed on 
summary judgment pursuant to the "sword and shield" doctrine because the information Edwards 
sought to elicit from Plaintiff at his deposition, and the answers Plaintiff declined to give in 
response to questions about his alleged misconduct and criminal activity, would not provide any 
information relevant to Plaintiff's claims or Edwards' defense of those claims. Plaintiff's 
allegations are based on the belief that Edwards inflated purported claims against Plaintiff and 
conducted discovery of high profile figures in the cases pending at the Rothstein firm, where the 
Ponzi scheme was hatched for the specific and exclusive purpose of luring investors. Plaintiff 
is entitled to show that Edwards and his cohorts took actions not related to what was needed to 
competently represent his clients, but rather, to pump up the attractiveness of a fraudulent, 
illusory investment opportunity. Edwards is entitled to inquire what the Plaintiff knows about 
this activity and about Plaintiff's damages. On the other hand, numerous questions regarding 
Plaintiff's allegedly illegal sexual activities (See Plaintiff at 88-9, 95-6), and whether 
nationally-prominent acquaintances engaged in illegal sexual activities (See Plaintiff, at 89-95), 
would clearly not lead to the discovery of evidence relevant to Plaintiff's claims in the instant 
EFTA00808047
--- PAGE 23 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
case, and were asked solely to poison the wel1.6 The Court recently sustained Plaintiffs 
objections to discovery requests geared solely to alleged sexual activity (D.E. 148, 149, and 150). 
Accordingly, the sword and shield doctrine does not apply to the illegitimate and irrelevant 
questions which Plaintiff declined to answer on the basis of the Fifth Amendment. 
A review of Plaintiff's deposition transcript demonstrates that he answered questions 
relevant to the subject litigation, including why he was suing ■., the Ponzi scheme, and his 
damages (see, e.g., Plaintiff at 13-14, 19-20, 23, 25, 28-30, 33, 36-8, 48-50, 52, 63, 65, 83, 101), 
and properly invoked his Fifth Amendment privilege in response to inflammatory questions that 
were entirely irrelevant to the subject litigation, including whether certain prominent 
acquaintances socialized with him in the presence of under-age women (Plaintiff at 88-95) and 
the nature and extent of Plaintiffs alleged illegal sexual activities with minors. 
(Id. at 
106-111).6 As a matter of settled law, Plaintiff's invocation of the Fifth Amendment to avoid 
giving discovery regarding impertinent matters does not trigger application of the sword and 
shield doctrine. 
In Boys & Girls Club of Marion County, Inc. v. J.A., 22 So. 3d 855, 856 (Fla. 5th DCA 
2009), upon which Edwards relies, the court noted that a plaintiff cannot avoid "legitimate" 
discovery and that a party "is entitled to the discovery contemplated by the rules in order to 
ascertain the facts and fairly present its defenses." The questions to which Plaintiff invoked his 
right against self-incrimination were not "to ascertain the facts and fairly present [Edwards'] 
defenses." Id. 
For example, Edwards' counsel asked Plaintiff whether he socialized with Donald 
Trump in the presence of women under the age of 18. 
Plaintiff responded by invoking his right 
against self-incrimination. (Plaintiff at 89). 
Plaintiff also refused to answer the number of 
times he "engaged in oral sex with females under the age of 18." (Id. at 110). 
EFTA00808048
--- PAGE 24 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
Second, Edwards' argument that he is entitled to summary judgment on the basis of 
adverse inferences to be drawn from Plaintiff's assertion of the Fifth Amendment is equally 
flawed. Although the Supreme Court held in Baxter v. Palmiglano, 425 U.S. 308, 318 (1976), 
that an adverse inference could be drawn from a party's assertion of a Fifth Amendment 
privilege in a civil suit, such silence "is not sufficiently weighty to carry a moving party's burden 
in a motion for summary judgment." Fid. Funding of Cal., Inc. v. Reinhold, 79 F. Supp. 2d 110, 
116 (E.D. N.Y. 1997). As explained in LaSalle Bank Lake View v. Seguban, 54 F. 3d 387, 391 
n.7 (7th Cir. 1995): 
Treating Segubans' silence as a separate piece of evidence 
supporting the Bank's motion for summary judgment and drawing 
inferences against the Segubans on the basis of that fact seems to 
be in tension with the ordinary summary judgment rule that all 
reasonable inferences must be drawn in favor of the nonmovant. 
See also Parsons & Whittemore Enter. Corp. v. Schwartz 387 F. Supp. 2d 368, 372 (S.D. N.Y. 
2005) (assuming that a jury could draw an adverse inference from the invocation of the Fifth 
Amendment, "the court is still required at summary judgment to draw all reasonable inferences 
in favor of the non-moving party."); Sec. & Exch. Comm 'n v. Monterosso, 2010 U.S. Dist. 
LEXIS 108199, at *22 (S.D. Fla. Sept. 28, 2010) ("Where adverse inferences are drawn from 
invocation of the privilege, such inferences must not result in automatic summary judgment 
against the person invoking the privilege."). Insofar as Florida law likewise requires that all 
inferences be drawn in favor of Plaintiff, the non-moving party, Edwards is not entitled to 
summary judgment on the basis of any adverse inferences from Plaintiff's assertion of his Fifth 
Amendment privilege against self-incrimination. 
EFTA00808049
--- PAGE 25 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
Moreover, the "reasonable references" which Edwards asks this Court to draw from 
Plaintiff's refusal to answer certain questions (See Motion at 22) fall critically short of 
demonstrating that there are no triable issues of material fact and that Edwards is entitled to 
judgment as a matter of law. A purported inference that Plaintiff was on a private plane "while 
sexual assaults were taking place," or that he had physical contact with certain minors, is not 
even probative of Plaintiff's claims, let alone dispositive. In sum, Edwards' argument that 
Plaintiff's invocation of the Fifth Amendment compels the entry of summary judgment in favor 
of Edwards must be rejected. 
MATERIAL ISSUES OF FACT PRECLUDE SUMMARY 
JUDGMENT FOR EDWARDS 
It is readily apparent that genuine issues of material fact preclude summary judgment for 
Edwards on Epstein's abuse of process claim. Edwards' self-serving protest in his Affidavit and 
Motion that he was not involved in the Ponzi scheme and that he represented his clients 
diligently in the underlying Epstein actions falls critically short of demonstrating the absence of 
material facts. Edwards has not carried his heavy burden of proving that no doubt exists about 
the genuine issues. To the contrary, the reasonableness of Edwards' conduct and his intent in 
the underlying litigation are matters that cannot be decided on summary judgment. See, e.g., 
Parker v. Bryce, 96 So. 2d 154, 155 (Fla. 1957) (issues regarding good faith and intent cannot be 
decided on summary judgment); Yardum v. Scalese, 799 So. 2d 382, 384 (Fla. 4th DCA 2001) 
(issues regarding the intent of the parties could not be decided on summary judgment). See also 
Matthews v. Storgion, 335 F. Supp. 2d 878, 886 (W.D. Tenn. 2004) (genuine issue of material 
EFTA00808050
--- PAGE 26 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMS/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
fact to the defendant's intent precluded defendants' motion for summary judgment on plaintiffs' 
claim for abuse of process). 
Given the controverted material issues of fact, particularly with respect to Edwards' 
intent, summary judgment should not be entered in favor of Edwards on Epstein's abuse of 
process claim. See, e.g., Yardum, 799 So. 2d at 383 ("If even the slightest doubt exists as to any 
issue of material fact, a summary judgment must be reversed."). 
EDWARDS 
IS 
NOT 
ENTITLED 
TO 
SUMMARY 
JUDGMENT BASED ON THE DEFENSE OF PRIVILEGE 
Edwards makes a perfunctory and conclusory argument that he is entitled to summary 
judgment on the basis of the defense of privilege. Edwards claims that all of his conduct in the 
underlying litigation is subject to absolute immunity if it was related to the instant proceedings. 
Edwards' argument fails for several reasons. First, Edwards has not demonstrated that it is 
undisputed that the acts that form the basis of the abuse of process claim had a relationship to the 
underlying proceedings. Under Florida law, there is no immunity for acts undertaken in judicial 
proceedings that bear no relation to those proceedings. See, e.g., Levin, Middlebrooks, Mahie, 
Thomas, Mayes & Mitchell, P.A. v. U.S. Fire Ins. Co., 639 So. 2d 616, 608 (1994). 
It is for a 
fact finder to determine whether Edwards' acts were in furtherance of the judicial proceedings or 
for some other purpose, particularly where Rothstein's conduct to date raises serious questions as 
to the legitimacy of the Federal ■. 
action and the discovery undertaken by Edwards. 
There 
must, of necessity, be a factual determination that Edwards' acts were related to the underlying 
litigation. 
Edwards' protests that he acted ethically, conducted proper discovery, and had a 
proper motive merely serve to create issues of fact that cannot be decided on summary judgment. 
EFTA00808051
--- PAGE 27 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
CONCLUSION 
Based on the foregoing, Edwards' Renewed Motion for Summary Judgment should be 
denied. 
Dated: February 16, 2012. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr. 
Florida Bar No. 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT, P.A. 
901 Phillips Point West 
777 South Easier Drive 
West Palm B 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
and 
Christopher E. Knight 
Florida Bar. No. 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT, P.A. 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attorneys for Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00808052
--- PAGE 28 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Div. AG 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' MSJ 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via e-mail 
and U.S. Mail on this 16th day of February, 2012 to: Jack Scarola, Esq., Searcy Denney Scarola 
Barnhart & Shipley, E., 2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., West Palm Beach, FL 33409; Jack 
Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 
1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012; and Marc S. Nurik, Esq., Law Offices of Marc S. 
Nurik, One East Broward Blvd., Suite 700, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301. 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr. 
W:M4074ARESPONSROpposition to liEs Renewed MS.1.11Sadoex( 2/I 5/12.1769) 
EFTA00808053

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808054.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONTINUATION OF OFF THE RECORD 
1. Jeffrey Epstein and Alan Dershowitz have been friends for years. The two met in July, 
1996, when Mr. Epstein was introduced to Mr. Dershowitz by a mutual friend and flew 
on his private jet to Martha's Vineyard to spend the day with Mr. Dershowitz. 
2. Mr. Epstein, had grown up in Coney Island. He did not graduate from college. 
3. Mr. Epstein was wealthy and owned luxurious houses and private planes and was 
sometimes accompanied by beautiful women. He had many intellectuals as friends. 
4. Mr. Epstein and Mr. Dershowitz quickly found common interests. Mr. Dershowitz has 
said they talked about science, academia, and Harvard. OUR DISCUSSIONS FOCUSED 
ON SCIENCE, ACADEMIA AND HARVARD. OUR RELATIONSHIP WAS 
LARGELY ACADEMIC AND THEN LEGAL 
5. In August, 1996, Mr. Epstein invited Mr. Dershowitz to meet Leslie Wexner, whom Mr. 
Epstein described as his mentor. Mr. Epstein and Mr. Dershowitz took Mr. Epstein's 
private jet to New Albany, Ohio, where Mr. Wexner had an estate, to attend a party for 
Mr. Wexner's fifty-ninth birthday. Mr. Dershowitz later said that he was Mr. Epstein's 
intellectual gift to Mr. Wexner. 
6. In the seventies, Mr. Epstein had been a trader and a wealth manager at Bear, Stearns, 
before leaving in 1981 to start a small firm, J. Epstein & Co. 
7. In 1987, Mr. Wexner hired Mr. Epstein as his financial adviser. Mr. Epstein has said that 
he re- fused to accept clients with less than a billion dollars in assets. The only client that 
he has ever named publicly is Mr. Wexner. When asked in a deposition whether Mr. 
Wexner was his only client, Mr. Epstein took the Fifth. 
8. In 1989, Mr. Wexner bought a seven-story Manhattan mansion, overlooking the Frick 
Museum. The mansion was among the largest private residences in the city. Mr. Wexner 
is reported to have sold it to Mr. Epstein for one dollar. In 1996, Mr. Epstein told the 
Times that he owned the mansion. 
EFTA00808054
--- PAGE 2 ---
9. In 1997, Mr. Epstein invested thirty million dollars in Boston Provident. Orin Kramer, 
the founder of the hedge fund, understood that the money came from Mr. Wexner. Later 
in 1997, Mr. Epstein called Mr. Kramer and asked him to stop by his office. Mr. 
Dershowitz also attended the meeting. At the meeting, Mr. Epstein asked Mr. Kramer to 
accept an investment of about half a million dollars from Mr. Dershowitz. Mr. Kramer 
accepted as a favor to Mr. Epstein. Mr. Dershowitz signed standard papers 
acknowledging that his money was at significant risk. I NEVER ATTENDED A 
MEETING WITH KRAMER AND EPSTIEN. I DID INVEST WITH KRAMER. 
WHEN THE INVESTMENT WENT DOWN, KRAMER CALLED ME AND TOLD 
ME THAT I WAS THE ONLY ONE OF HIS INVESTORS THAT HADN'T MADE A 
GREAT DEAL OF MONEY PRIOR TO LOSING, AND THAT HE FELT BAD 
ABOUT IT, SO HE RETURNED A PORTION OF MY LOSSES. I AM NOT AWARE 
OF ANY ROLE EPSTEIN MAY HAVE PLAYED IN KRAMER'S DECISION. 
10. In 1998, the fund sustained enormous losses. Mr. Epstein told Mr. Kramer that one of the 
two of them would have to reimburse Mr. Dershowitz. Mr. Epstein said that if he were to 
have to reimburse Mr. Dershowitz, Mr. Kramer would regret it. Mr. Kramer agreed to 
restore Mr. Dershowitz's losses, if Mr. Epstein would leave the remainder of the money 
he controlled in the fund. 
II. Mr. Epstein threw parties at his house in New York. He would often invite scientists, 
whose company he enjoyed. 
12. Mr. Epstein also had an interest in Harvard. In 1990, he and Mr. Wexner had helped to 
fund the construction of a new building at Harvard Hillel, named after Henry Rosovsky, 
then the Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences. 
13. Mr. Dershowitz began introducing Mr. Epstein around the college. Mr. Epstein 
subsequently began funding research into psychology and the history of science, and he 
became a member of the advisory board of the Harvard Society of Mind, Brain, and 
Behavior, and a Harvard fellow. Mr. Epstein also established an office in Brattle Square, 
where he held seminars on contemporary academic ideas, in which Mr. Dershowitz 
sometimes participated. I NEVER INTRODUCED EPSTEIN TO ANYONE "AROUND 
THE COLLEGE". I UNDERSTAND THAT STEPHEN GOULD AND MARVIN 
MINSKY HAD DONE THAT. TO THE CONRARY, EPSTEIN INTRODUCED ME 
TO SEVERAL HARVARD ACADEMICS I HAD NOT PREVIOUSLY MET, SUCH 
EFTA00808055
--- PAGE 3 ---
AS GEORGE CHURCH AND NOWICK. I DID PARTICIPATE IN HIS SEMINARS 
ALONG WITH MANY DISTINGUISHED PROFESSORS. 
14. In an article in the Harvard Crimson, Mr. Dershowitz said that he would debate 
mathematics, genetics, law, and psychology with Mr. Epstein and professor Steven 
Kosslyn, and that in these discussions, they would all cut each other off all the time 
"because we just get it." CORRECT. 
15. Mr. Epstein would evaluate drafts of Mr. Dershowitz's books. Mr. Dershowitz has said 
that Mr. Epstein was the only person outside his family whom he trusted to do this. I DID 
SEND A FEW OF MY BOOKS TO EPSTEIN IN DRAFT FORM AND HE MADE 
THOUGHTFUL COMMENTS. I THANKED HIM IN THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS. 
16. After Lawrence Summers became president of Harvard in 2001, he flew to Palm Beach 
on Mr. Epstein's plane and stayed at his mansion. In 2003, Mr. Epstein pledged thirty 
million dollars to Harvard to create the Epstein Program for Mathematical Biology and 
Evolutionary Dynamics. To lead it, he recruited Martin Nowak, a biologist from 
Princeton University. Mr. Dershowitz became a Faculty Affiliate of the program. 
17. In January 2007, the evolutionary biologist Robert Trivers was scheduled to receive the 
Crafoord Prize in biosciences. Mr. Nowak invited him to give a talk at the Epstein 
Center, followed by dinner. That April, Mr. Trivers sent Mr. Dershowitz a letter that 
criticized him for what Mr. Trivers viewed as an attack on Norman Finkelstein, and also 
said that Mr. Dershowitz was a Nazi or Nazi-apologist for his stance on the Israeli-
Palestinian conflict. 
18. On May 25, the day of his talk, Mr. Nowak, having arrived at Harvard, told Mr. Trivers 
that he was cancelling the talk a planned celebration, under orders from someone he 
would not identify. The reason given was that Mr. Trivers had called a Harvard professor 
a Nazi. Mr. Trivers said that he later learned that the order came from Mr. Epstein, under 
pressure from Mr. Dershowitz. (Mr. Dershowitz has denied this.) Mr. Trivers said that 
Mr. Epstein later apologized for having stopped the talk, using the word "apology," and 
Mr. Trivers now described them as friendly. In the summer of 2000, according to a 
deposition by Juan Alessi, who managed Mr. Epstein's house in Palm Beach, Alessi was 
driving Ghislaine Maxwell, Mr. Epstein's girlfriend, to Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago 
EFTA00808056
--- PAGE 4 ---
resort, when they saw a girl walking from the main lobby toward the spa. Ms. Maxwell 
approached the girl, a sixteen year old named 
who was reading 
a book on anatomy and massage therapy. Ms. Maxwell informed her that she knew 
somebody who was looking for a travelling masseuse. This person was Mr. Epstein. 
19. When 
was dropped off at the house, there was a big hall table with pictures 
of young nude girls, mixed in with those of celebrities and politicians. THESE 
ALLEGATIONS WERE NEVER TESTED OR VERIFIED UNDER OATH THROUGH 
CROSS-EXAMINATION. 
20. Ms. Maxwell led 
upstairs to a suite where Mr. Epstein was lying, nude, and 
showed 
how to massage him. Ms. Maxwell then took off her clothing, and 
instructed 
to remove her clothing. Ms. Maxwell told 
that it was 
cute that she was wearing children's underwear. Ms. Maxwell then told 
to 
straddle Mr. Epstein, and 
and Mr. Epstein had sex. Afterward, Mr. Epstein 
told 
that she "did a really good job," and gave her two hundred dollars. 
THESE ALLEGATIONS WERE NEVER TESTED OR VERIFIED UNDER OATH 
THROUGH CROSS-EXAMINATION. 
21. 
returned the next day, at Ms. Maxwell's invitation, and she became a regular 
presence at the home. She was informed that she was to have sex with Mr. Epstein 
several times a day, often along with Ms. Maxwell and other girls. She was subsequently 
told that Mr. Epstein would also be lending her to other men. Ms. Maxwell told her that 
she was expected to please these men in whatever way they wanted. THESE 
ALLEGATIONS WERE NEVER TESTED OR VERIFIED UNDER OATH THROUGH 
CROSS-EXAMINATION. 
22. Mr. Epstein told 
to report back to him about what the men liked. In his New 
York mansion, Mr. Epstein had also installed a video system that taped every room in the 
house, which could allow Mr. Epstein to accumulate information to use as leverage 
against the men. SHORTLY AFTER I WAS FALSEY ACCUSED IN 2014, I 
PUBLICALLY STATED THAT I HOPED THERE WERE VIDEOS IN EVERY ROOM 
IN EPSTEIN'S HOME, BECAUSE THE VIDEOS WOULD SHOW I NEVER DID 
ANYHING INAPPROPRIATE. UNFORTUNATELY, THERE ARE NO SUCH 
CAMERAS IN THE NEW YORK MANSION. THERE WERE CAMERAS 
INSTALLED ON THE MAIN FLOOR OF MR. EPSTEIN'S PALM BEACH HOME 
EFTA00808057
--- PAGE 5 ---
TO CATCH SOMEONE STEALING FROM HIM. THE CAMERAS WERE 
INSTALLED BY THE PALM BEACH POLICE AND THE THIEF TURNED OUT TO 
BE MR. EPSTEIN'S VALET FOR 10 YEARS, WHO WAS TERMINATED FROM 
THIS POSITION. THIS IS THE SAME VALET WHO SUBSEQUENTLY GAVE 
FALSE DEPOSITION TESTIMONY ABOUT ME AND OTHERS IN MR. EPSTEIN'S 
HOME. 
23. Mr. Epstein used the girls under his control to bring in more girls. He preferred young 
girls from difficult backgrounds who would be in need of money. The women around Mr. 
Epstein were discouraged from speaking with one another. 
24. Mr. Epstein owned nearly a dozen apartments in New York in a building on the Upper 
East Side, where he kept what were called "semi-permanent" girls. AGAIN, THESE 
ARE UNSUBSTANTIATED ALLEGATIONS NEVER TESTED OR VERIFIED 
UNDER OATH THROUGH CROSS EXAMINATION. 
25. In 
case, Mr. Epstein paid her, paid for her apartment, and took her to New 
York, London, Paris, Tangiers, and his private island. He told 
that he was 
powerful, that he owned the police department, and that he had friends who owed him 
favors. Mr. Epstein was a donor to the Palm Beach Police Department for years. 
AGAIN, THESE ARE UNSUBSTANTIATED ALLEGATIONS NEVER TESTED OR 
VERIFIED UNDER OATH THROUGH CROSS EXAMINATION. 
26. In 2002, soon after 
turned nineteen, Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell sent her to 
Thailand for a three-week course in massage, and arranged for her to bring back a young 
girl for Mr. Epstein. AGAIN, THESE ARE UNSUBSTANTIATED ALLEGATIONS 
NEVER TESTED OR VERIFIED UNDER OATH THROUGH CROSS 
EXAMINATION. 
27. In March 2005, a fourteen-year-old girl in Palm Beach described to the police that Mr. 
Epstein had paid her three-hundred dollars for a massage, told her to take off her clothes, 
and masturbated. THE WITNESS REFERRED TO CONFIRMED TO POLICE THAT 
SHE LIED TO MR. EPSTEIN THAT SHE WAS 18 YEARS OLD, AND WAS TOLD 
EFTA00808058
--- PAGE 6 ---
THAT IF SHE DID NOT LIE TO MR. EPSTEIN ABOUT BEING 18, SHE WOULD 
NOT BE ALLOWED IN HIS HOUSE. 
28. The police soon began investigating Mr. Epstein for sexually abusing underage girls. The 
case against Mr. Epstein would involve the testimony of dozens of young girls. Press 
coverage included a list of famous men who travelled on Mr. Epstein's plane, the so-
called Lolita Express, to Little St. James, an island that Mr. Epstein owned in the 
Caribbean. 
29. When Mr. Epstein learned about the investigation, in the fall of 2005, he immediately 
called Mr. Dershowitz, who established himself in the lead of a team of prominent 
attorneys from New York, Boston, Washington, D.C., and Miami. I WAS NOT THE 
LEAD LAWYER. I HELPED ASSEMBLE THE LEGAL TEAM, EACH OF WHOM 
HAD A DIFFERENT ROLE. I WAS NOT INVOLVED IN ANY INVESTIGATIONS 
OF FACTUAL MATTERS. I WROTE LEGAL MEMOS AND MET WITH THE 
STATE ATTORNEY IN PALM BEACH AND MEMBERS OF THE US 
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE IN MIAMI. 
30. Mr. Epstein once likened his offense to that of "a person who steals a bagel." 
[Much of the following seven queries involve actions that Mr. Dershowitz performed 
while representing Mr. Epstein. Can you confirm that they are accurate?] I NEVER 
HEARD EPSTEIN REFER TO THE ACCUSATION AS COMPARABLE TO A PERSON 
WHO STEALS A BAGEL. MY UNDERSTANDING IS THAT IT WAS TAKEN OUT OF 
CONTEXT IN A QUOTE ABOUT THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN MURDER AND 
PROSTITUTION. 
31. Mr. Dershowitz prepared a dossier featuring entries from Web sites like MySpace, in 
which Mr. Epstein's alleged victims recounted experiences with alcohol or marijuana and 
wrote about sex. I NEVER PERSONALLY PREPARED OR DIRECTED THE 
PREPARATION OF ANY DOSSIERS. I DO NOT OWN A COMPUTER. I NEVER 
WENT ON ANY WEBSITES. I RELIED ON THE INVESTIGATIVE WORK OF 
OTHERS IN MY NEGOTIATIONS AND WHERE APPROPRIATE PRESENTED 
THAT WORK TO THE STATE ATTORNEY. 
EFTA00808059
--- PAGE 7 ---
32. Florida State Attorney Barry Krischer helped Mr. Dershowitz arrange a meeting with 
Joseph Recarey, the lead investigator in the case. Mr. Dershowitz presented the dossier as 
evidence that the girls were not of high moral quality. I MET WITH MR. ICRISCHER 
AND PRESENTED APPROPRIATE INVESTIGATIVE MATERIALS TO HIM. HE 
INVITED MR. RECAREY TO ATTEND A MEETING WE HAD. MY ONLY 
CONVERSATION WITH MR. RECAREY OCCURRED IN THE BATHROOM 
WHEN WE TALKED ABOUT OUR COMMON ORIGINS IN NY. 
33. Mr. Dershowitz also raised questions about the police. He made a public-records request 
to the police department for any paper bearing the name of Michael Reiter, the Palm 
Beach police chief name, and began had private investigators perform background 
investigations on Mr. Reiter. ENTIRELY FALSE. I NEVER RAISED QUESTIONS 
ABOUT THE POLICE. I NEVER MADE ANY RECORD SEARCHES. THAT WAS 
NOT MY ROLE. I NEVER ARRANGED FOR PRIVATE INVESTIGATORS FOR 
ANY BACKGROUND CHECKS. THAT, TOO, WAS NOT MY ROLE. 
34. For months, Mr. Reiter and Mr. Recarey were under constant surveillance, in which cars 
followed them, their trash was searched, and investigators contacted Mr. Reiter's ex-wife. 
Mr. Epstein has denied his involvement in this. In 2010, when Mr. Reiter testified about 
the surveillance, in 2010, Mr. Epstein turned to his lawyer and said, "That wasn't us!" I 
HAD ABSOLUTELY NO INVOLVEMENT IN ANY SURVEILLANCE, TRASH 
SEARCHES OR CONTACTS WITH MR. REITER'S EX-WIFE. IT IS MY 
UNDERSTANDING NO SUCH SURVEILLANCE, SEARCHES OR CONTACT 
WITH MR. REITER'S WIFE OCCURRED AND THAT THESE ARE THE 
FABRICATIONS OF PLAITIFFS' COUNSEL IN PRIOR CIVIL CASES AGAINST 
MR. EPSTEIN. 
35. At one point, Mr. Recarey told Mr. Dershowitz that at least one of the investigators had 
tried to misrepresent himself to one of the alleged victims as a police officer. Mr. 
Dershowitz surmised that the woman was someone identified as M. in depositions. I 
HAD NO INVOLVEMENT IN OR KNOWLEDGE OF ANY MISREPRESENTATION. 
AGAIN, I UNDERSTAND THAT THIS INCIDENT NEVER OCCURRED AND 
THAT IT WAS ALSO MADE UP BY A PLAINTIFF'S LAWYER. 
36. •. 
had alleged that he Mr. Epstein had forcibly penetrated her when she was a minor. 
She told detectives that in 2003, when she was sixteen, a friend introduced her to Mr. 
EFTA00808060
--- PAGE 8 ---
Epstein. The friend told her that in exchange for a massage she could earn enough money 
for a camping trip in 
that she wanted to go on. M. said that she returned to Mr. 
Epstein's house hundreds of times, becoming his Mr. Epstein's favorite. She said that she 
sometimes had non-penetrative sex with Mr. Epstein and one of his "semi-permanent" 
girls, 
whom Mr. Epstein was said to have bought from her parents in 
Yugoslavia when she was about fifteen. M. said that Mr. Epstein would take naked 
photographs of her and other girls and display the photographs in the house. 
37. In a letter to Mr. Recarey, Mr. Dershowitz enclosed snippets gathered from M.'s 
presence on social media. Mr. Dershowitz noted that MI. chose to go by the nickname 
"pimp juice," and he noted that M. appeared to have a fascination with marijuana. Mr. 
Dershowitz said that the two investigators who tried to speak with her were instructed 
beforehand to take notes, out of feat that she was an accomplished drama student, who, 
Mr. Dershowitz said, had misled others in the past and might try to do the same with the 
investigators. Mr. Dershowitz suggested that M. motivation was money, to be "really 
rich." IN MY NEGOTIATIONS WITH THE STATE ATTORNEY AND THE POLICE 
I FORWARDED TO THEM THE RESEARCH DONE BY INVESTIGATORS. I DID 
NOT HIRE OR DIRECT ANY INVESTIGATORS. IN MY ROLE AS EPSTEIN'S 
ATTORNEY, IT WAS MY DUTY TO FORWARD ANY EXCULPATORY 
INFORMATION TO THE PROSECUTORS AND POLICE. 
38. In July 2006, Krischer, charged Mr. Epstein with one count of aggravated assault. There 
was no mention of underage girls, nor a requirement to register as a sex offender, nor a 
threat of jail time. IT WAS NOT KRISCHER WHO CHARGED MR. EPSTEIN. IT 
WAS THE PALM BEACH COUNTY GRAND JURY THAT INDICTED MR. 
EPSTEIN ON ONE COUNT OF FELONY SOLICITATION OF PROSTITUTION. HE 
WAS NEVER CHARGED WITH A COUNT OF AGGRAVATED ASSAULT. 
39. In 2007, Mr. Epstein argued that he was being persecuted because he was Jewish. 
Lawyers for Mr. Epstein said that he was being unjustly targeted because of his wealth. I 
NEVER HEARD EPSTEIN SAY HE WAS PROSECUTED BECAUSE HE WAS 
JEWISH. 
40. In the fall of 2007, Mr. Epstein's legal team negotiated a non-prosecution agreement, in 
which the federal government would throw out its indictment if Mr. Epstein pleaded to 
two state felony charges, solicitation of prostitution and procuring minors for prostitution. 
EFTA00808061
--- PAGE 9 ---
Mr. Epstein would also register as a sex offender and pay lawyers' fees for the victims 
who sued him. The agreement also contained a clause that protected four of Mr. Epstein's 
assistants, including 
, from prosecution. In the final days of the 
negotiations, an unusual provision was added that guaranteed immunity for "any potential 
co-conspirators." I HAD NO INVOLVEMENT IN NEGOTIATING THE PROVISION, 
OR GRANTING IMMUNITY TO ANY " CO-CONSPIRATORS". I HAD NO 
INTEREST IN THAT PROVISION, SINCE I WAS NOT A CO-CONSPIRATOR. IF 
ANYONE IN THE GOVERNMENT THOUGHT THAT I WAS, THEY SURELY 
WOULDN'T HAVE ALLOWED ME TO PARTICIPATE IN THE NEGOTIATIONS. 
IT IS MY UNDERSTANDING THAT THE PROVISION WAS MEANT TO PROTECT 
JANE DOES THAT MAY HAVE HAD EXPOSURE FOR BRINGING THEIR 
FRIENDS TO MR. EPSTEIN'S HOME. 
41. Afterward, over nine months, Mr. Dershowitz and his team investigated prosecutors and 
their families, attempting to disqualify them, in order to prove the prosecution was 
tainted. The U.S. Attorney rejected these attempts. When officials at the Justice 
Department ruled that the charges offered by Mr. Dershowitz's team were baseless, Mr. 
Dershowitz's team went to more senior officials. Can you confirm that this description is 
accurate? I WAS NOT AWARE OF ANY INVESTIGATIONS OF PROSECUTORS 
AND THEIR FAMILIES AND I WAS NOT INVOLVED IN ANY SUCH 
INVESTIGATIONS. IF THERE WERE ANY, I WOULD HAVE THOROUGHLY 
DISAPPROVED OF ANY SUCH INVESTIGATION. CALLING EPSTEIN'S LEGAL 
TEAM THE "DERSHOWITZ TEAM" IS FALSE AND MISLEADING. I PLAYED A 
ROLE IN THE TEAM, BUT MY ROLE WAS LARGELY TO PROVIDE LEGAL 
RESEARCH AND TO NEGOTIATE. I WAS NOT INVOLVED IN ANY MONETARY 
OR CIVIL ASPECTS OF THE SETTLEMENT, OR IN ANY INVESTIGATIONS. 
42. On June 30, 2008, with every alternative exhausted, Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty. He was 
given an eighteen-month sentence in a county jail, and allowed to depart every day, on 
work release, for an office that he had acquired nearby. At the office, Mr. Epstein 
received visitors, and a policeman served them coffee. Mr. Epstein told a friend that he 
was reading "De Profundis" in prison. Mr. Epstein was released after thirteen months. 
43. In 2007, Ms. Maxwell called 
who was living outside of Sydney. Ms. 
Maxwell told 
that Mr. Epstein was being investigated, and that if 
refused to cooperate, she'd be "taken care of" 
told Ms. Maxwell that she 
EFTA00808062
--- PAGE 10 ---
wouldn't speak to anyone, but she declined compensation. A few days later, Mr. Epstein 
and his lawyer called to hear directly from her that she wouldn't be speaking to anyone. 
44. In May 2009, 
sued Mr. Epstein, aM.M. 
In her complaint, 
stated that she had been sexually abused by Mr. Epstein and also was "required to 
be sexually exploited by Mr. Epstein's friends, including royalty, politicians, 
academicians, businessmen. 
45. Mr. Epstein eventually settled her suit, and those of many other victims. 
46. In December, 2014, 
filed a motion to join a suit attempting to overturn the 
non-prosecution agreement. She claimed that Mr. Epstein had abused her, and had 
trafficked her to powerful friends as a way of gaining influence over them. In her motion, 
she named three men: Jean Luc Brunel; Prince Andrew, the Duke of York; and Mr. 
Dershowitz. She said that she had sex with Mr. Dershowitz at least six times, in Mr. 
Epstein's various residences, on his private island, in a car, and on his plane. 
has also said that Mr. Epstein trafficked other girls. THE MOTION NAMING ME AS 
SOMEONE WHOM 
HAD SEX WITH IS ENTIRELY FALSE. I NEVER MET 
HER. THE JUDGE STRUCK ALL REFERENCES TO ME. HER LAWYERS 
WITHDREW HER AFFIDAVIT AS PART OF A SETTLEMENT. SHE ALSO SAID 
SHE HAD SEX WITH MANY FAMOUS PEOPLE, INCLUDING RENOWNED 
BUSINESS LEADERS, HEADS OF STATE AND FOREIGN DIGNITARIES. BUT 
BEOFRE SHE MET HER LAWYERS SHE NEVER INCLUDED ME IN ANY SUCH 
LIST, INDEED, SHE SPECIFICALLY EXCLUDED ME, DESPITE A SUGGESTION 
FROM SHARON CHURCHER TO FALSELY INCLUDE ME, IN HER BOOK 
MANUSCRIPT. 
47. A British-South African woman named 
lawsuit of involving her in a sex-trafficking ring. 
has also accused Mr. Epstein in a 
48. 
said that in September, 2006, when she was twenty-two and recently 
arrived in New York, a new friend introduced her to Mr. Epstein, describing him as a 
philanthropist who used his wealth and connections to help poor young women in 
exchange for massages. 
said that Mr. Epstein paid the friend five-thousand 
dollars in exchange for bringing 
to him. 
EFTA00808063
--- PAGE 11 ---
49. After the massages turned sexual, 
was allowed to live in a large apartment 
in Mr. Epstein's building on the Upper East Side. She was also given a cell phone, car 
service, and money for living expenses. Mr. Epstein invited her to fly to his island, which 
she did several times in late 2006 and early 2007. Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell told 
they could help arrange her admission at the Fashion Institute of Technology, 
where she dreamed of studying. 
50. 
was told that if she refused to have sex with Mr. Epstein and his associates, 
her apartment would be taken away, and Mr. Epstein would make sure that she couldn't 
go to college or get a job. Mr. Epstein told a, 
who weighed about 125 
pounds, that he wanted her to weigh 114. One night on Little St. James, Mr. Epstein took 
away 
food and announced to other guests that if she didn't lose weight, 
she would have to move out. 
51. In an affidavit, 
said she spent significant time with Mr. Epstein in New 
York and that Mr. Epstein lent her out to friends and associates, including Mr. 
Dershowitz, at Mr. Epstein's townhouse. 
described visiting Little St. James 
repeatedly, in order to have sex with Mr. Epstein, Ms. 
and other girls and 
guests. 
52. Last December, 
undisclosed sum. 
suit was settled in her favor. Mr. Epstein paid her an 
53. As part of the court proceedings, a lawyer for Ms. Maxwell mentioned that Mr. 
Dershowitz was one of several people 
alleged Mr. Epstein had directed her 
to have sex with. I NEVER MET OR HEARD OF 
ANY 
ALLEGATION THAT SHE HAD SEX WITH ME IS FALSE AND PERJURIOUS. MS. 
MAXWELL'S LAWYER VIOLATED THE SEAL BY DISCLOSING HER FALSE 
ALLEGATION AGAINST ME. 
(The remainder of the queries involve allegations concerning Mr. Dershowitz but that 
also involve Mr. Epstein, that I would therefore like to verify with Mr. Epstein.] 
54. 
met Mr. Dershowitz in a brief encounter at Mr. Epstein's mansion in New 
York. After that, Mr. Dershowitz was seen with Mr. Epstein often. After some time, Mr. 
Epstein let Mr. Dershowitz use his bedroom, something that Mr. Epstein rarely, if ever, 
EFTA00808064
--- PAGE 12 ---
did for another man. Once, after 
had sex with Mr. Epstein, Mr. Epstein 
walked out of his bedroom and Mr. Dershowitz entered and had sex with 
Can Mr. Epstein verify that this description is accurate? EVERYTHING IN #55 IS 
TOTALLY FALSE. I DID NOT MEET U 
IN A BRIEF ENCOUNTER OR ANY 
OTHER ENCOUNTER. I HAVE NEVER EVEN SEEN EPSTEIN'S BEDROOM. HE 
CERTAINLY NEVER LET ME USE IT. I HAVE MY OWN APARTMENT IN NYC. I 
NEVER HAD SEX WITH U IN EPSTEIN'S BEDROOM OR ANYWHERE ELSE. 
55. Mr. Dershowitz visited Mr. Epstein's Palm Beach home four or five times a year, and 
typically stayed for two or three days. On one occasion, several girls, who were nude, 
were having lunch at the pool, and Mr. Dershowitz was also present. 
said 
that she was made to give Mr. Dershowitz a massage and to tend to him. 
also 
gave Mr. Dershowitz a massage on the beach at Little St. James and then went with him 
to one of the beach bungalows, which were just large enough to hold a bed, where she 
was made to have sex with him. Can Mr. Epstein verify that this description is accurate? 
ENTIRELY FALSE. I VISITED EPSTEIN'S PALM BEACH HOME ON SEVERAL 
OCCASSIONS. ONCE WITH MY NEPHEW WHEN WE ATTENDED THE LAUNCH 
OF A SPACE SATELLITE. ONCE WITH MY RESEARCH ASSISTANT, MITCH 
WEBBER, WHEN WE WERE WORKING ON EPSTEIN'S CASE; ONCE WITH MY 
WIFE, CHILDREN, GRANDCHILDREN AND DAUGHTER IN LAW WHEN WE 
STAYED THERE FOR 4-5 DAYS DURING CHRISTMAS VACATION WHEN 
EPSTEIN WAS AWAY; AND ON PERHAPS ANOTHER HALF DOZEN OR SO 
OCCASSIONS, TO MEET WITH EPSTEIN PROFESSIONALLY OR 
ACADEMICALLY. I WAS NEVER AT HIS HOME DURING THE PERIOD OF TIME 
WHEN HE KNEW 
I NEVER SAW A NUDE PERSON AT HIS HOME OR 
AROUND THE POOL. THE ONLY PEOPLE I EVER SAW AT HIS HOME WERE 
HIS STAFF, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, HIS ASSISTANT 
, HIS 20-
SOMETHING YEAR OLD GIRLFRIEND AND SOME BUSINESS 
ACQUAINTANCES. I NEVER SAW ANYBODY CLOSE TO UNDER-AGE. I 
NEVER SAW A NUDE PICTURE, EXCEPT FOR AN OLD SEPIA PRINT IN HIS 
ENTRANCE WAY OF A MODEL WHO HAD POSED FOR THE ARTIST RODIN, 
AND NEXT TO IT A PHOTO OF HER AS AN OLDER WOMAN. I NEVER 
RECEIVED A MASSAGE FROM U OR ANY OTHER YOUNG WOMAN. THE 
ONLY MASSAGE I EVER RECEIVED WAS FROM AN OLDER RUSSIAN 
WOMAN WHO WANTED TO PUT HER KNEES ON MY SHOULDERS. I 
REFUSED. I CALLED MY WIFE AFTER THIS EXPERIENCE AND TOLD HER I 
EFTA00808065
--- PAGE 13 ---
WOULD NEVER GET ANOTHER MASSAGE AT EPSTEIN'S HOUSE. I NEVER 
RECEIVED A MASSAGE FROM 
ON THE BEACH AT LITTLE ST. JAMES. THE 
ONLY TIME I WAS AT LITTLE ST JAMES WAS WELL BEFORE • 
MET 
EPSTEIN. I WAS THERE WITH MY WIFE AND DAUGHTER ON THE WAY BACK 
FROM A VACATION ON A NEARBY ISLAND. WE SPENT ONE NIGHT 
TOGETHER IN A LITTLE COTTAGE. WE HAD DINNER WITH PROFESSOR 
MICHAEL PORTER, HIS WIFE AND 2 OF HIS RELATIVES. EPSTEIN HAD 
RECENTLY BOUGHT THE ISLAND AND THE ONLY PEOPLE ON IT WERE 
EPSTEIN, GHISLAINE MAXWELL AND I -2 STAFF MEMBERS. 
56. Mr. Dershowitz has said that he received a massage at Mr. Epstein's house in Palm 
Beach—though he has said that 
wasn't the masseuse and he kept his 
underwear on. Can Mr. Epstein verify that this account is accurate? CORRECT 
57. Several months after meeting Mr. Epstein, 
went to Miami for the weekend. 
When she returned, she told Mr. Epstein that she had met a man, who, with a friend, had 
attempted to rape her. Mr. Epstein told her that he would introduce her to one of his best 
lawyers, and he later introduced her to Mr. Dershowitz. Mr. Epstein and Mr. Dershowitz 
argued, successfully, against her going to the police, and Mr. Dershowitz told her that he 
would represent her. 
did not know of the investigation into Mr. Epstein, or 
that Mr. Dershowitz was representing him. ENTIRELY FALSE AND MADE UP. I 
NEVER MET IMM 
I NEVER REPRESENTED HER. I NEVER HAD ANY 
DISCUSSION WITH HER ABOUT ANY CASE. I NEVER SIGNED A RETAINER 
AGREEMENT. I NEVER ENTERED AN APPEARNACE IN COURT. I AM NOT A 
MEMBER OF THE NY BAR AND I AM NOT AUTHORIZED TO PRACTICE LAW 
THERE, EXCEPT UNDER THE AUSPICES OF LOCAL COUNSEL 
58. Shortly afterward, 
had dinner with Mr. Epstein and Mr. Dershowitz to talk 
about her case. When 
asked how the case was proceeding, Mr. Dershowitz 
said little. Can Mr. Epstein verify that this description is accurate? COMPLETELY 
FALSE. I NEVER HAD DINNER WITH 
I NEVER DISCUSSED ANY 
CASE WITH 
THERE WAS NO CASE, AS FAR AS I KNOW. DO 
OR HER LAWYERS CLAIM THERE IS ANY RECORD OF ANY SUCH 
CASE? THERE WAS NEVER ANY LEGAL RELATIONSHIP OR ANY OTHER 
RELATIONSHIP WITH 
HAS WRITTEN OVER 100 
EMAILS TO A POST REPORTER NAMED MAUREEN CALLAHAN IN WHICH 
EFTA00808066
--- PAGE 14 ---
SHE CLAIMS TO HAVE SEX TAPES OF DONALD TRUMP, BILL AND HILLARY 
CLINTON, BILL RICHARDSON, RICHARD BRANSON. SHE ALSO CLAIMS TO 
HAVE HAD SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH MANY PROMINENT PEOPLE, BUT IN 
HER EMAILS SHE NEVER MENTIONS ME AS ONE OF THE PEOPLE WITH 
WHOM SHE HAD SEX. YOU CAN CONFIRM ALL OF THIS WITH MS. 
CALLAHAN, WHO HAS THE EMAILS AND IS FREE TO SEND THEM TO YOU. I, 
TOO, HAVE THE EMAILS, BUT THEY ARE SEALED. YOU CAN ASK 
LAWYERS TO SHOW YOU THE EMAILS. THEY WOULD BE 
AUTHORIZED. HOPEFULLY, THESE EMAILS WILL BE AMONG THOSE 
UNSEALED BY THE SECOND CIRCUIT. IF YOU MENTION THE 
ACCUSATIONS AGAINST ME YOU ARE OBLIGATED TO MENTION HER 
CLAIM THAT SHE HAS SEX TAPES OF THE PRESIDENT, THE FORMER 
PRESIDENT AND THE FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE. TO OMIT THAT 
CRUCIAL FACT WOULD BE A DEFAMATORY HALF TRUTH. 
59. Several weeks after the dinner, was called to Mr. Epstein's mansion early one evening. 
Mr. Epstein, Mr. Dershowitz, and Ms. 
were present. There Ms. 
took 
upstairs. In the room, Ms. 
undressed 
Mr. 
Dershowitz then walked in, undressed, and the three engaged in a sexual encounter, in 
which Mr. Dershowitz didn't penetrate 
but she was forced to perform oral 
sex on him and masturbate him. Can Mr. Epstein verify that this description is accurate? 
COMPLETELY FALSE AND MADE UP. I WAS NEVER IN EPSTEIN'S BEDROOM. 
AND I NEVER ENGAGED IN A SEXUAL ENCOUNTER WITH EITHER-
OR 
. THE STORY IS COMPLETEY MADE UP. MY 
UNDERSTANDING IS THAT THE FALSE 
ACCUSATIONS HAVE 
BEEN SEALED BY THE JUDGE. WE ARE TRYING TO GET EVERYTHING 
UNSEALED, BUT AT THE MOMENT IT REMAINS UNDER SEAL. IF THIS 
INFORMATION WAS GIVEN TO YOU BY 
LAWYER, THEY MAY 
HAVE VIOLATED THE SEALING ORDER. 
60. Can you confirm that Mr. Dershowitz has been Mr. Epstein's lawyer, without 
interruption, since the police investigation began in 2005? I BECAME EPSTEIN'S 
LAWYER SHORTLY AFTER THE INVESTIGATION BEGAN. 
61. Mr. Dershowitz has said that he, Mr. Epstein, and Ms. Maxwell had a joint defense 
agreement in this case, which would mean that Mr. Dershowitz's conversations with Ms. 
EFTA00808067
--- PAGE 15 ---
Maxwell are subject to attorney-client privilege. Does this description look accurate? I 
DO NOT BELIEVE THAT I HAVE A JOINT DEFENSE AGREEMENT WITH MS. 
MAXWELL. AT ONE POINT WE DISCUSSED IT BUT WE DID NOT AGREE. 
62. When Mr. Dershowitz was asked if he was still in touch with Mr. Epstein, he said that he 
doesn't represent Mr. Epstein, and then said that one never stops being someone's 
lawyer, and that he'd always take Mr. Epstein's call. Can Mr. Epstein confirm? 
CORRECT 
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE ENTIRE THRUST OF YOUR PROPOSED ARTICLE DEPENDS 
ON THE UNCORROBORATED CREDABILITY OF 2 WOMEN WITH LONG AND 
PROVABLE RECORDS OF LYING AND COMMITTING PERJURY AGAINST FAMOUS 
PEOPLE. IF THEY ARE LYING - AS THE EVIDENCE PROVES THEY ARE - YOUR 
ENTIRE THESIS CRUMBLES IN THE DUST. YOU ARE DISSEMINATING TOTALLY 
FALSE INFORMATION AGAINST AN ENTIRELY INNOCENT MAN WHO NEVER EVEN 
MET THE WOMEN WHO ARE FALSELY ACCUSING HIM. 
EFTA00808068

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808069.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONTINUATION OF OFF THE RECORD 
1. Jeffrey Epstein and Alan Dershowitz have been friends for years. The two met in July, 
1996, when Mr. Epstein was introduced to Mr. Dershowitz by a mutual friend and flew 
on his private jet to Martha's Vineyard to spend the day with Mr. Dershowitz. LYNN 
FORESTER, NOW LADY ROTHCHILD, INTRODUCED ME TO MR. EPSTEIN AS 
HER FINANCIAL ADVISOR, AND WE SPENT A COUPLE OF HOURS 
TOGETHER, DURING WHICH HE TOLD ME ABOUT THE WORK HE WAS 
DOING AT HARVARD. 
2. Mr. Epstein, had grown up in Coney Island. He did not graduate from college. 
3. Mr. Epstein was wealthy and owned luxurious houses and private planes and was 
sometimes accompanied by beautiful women. He had many intellectuals as friends. 
4. Mr. Epstein and Mr. Dershowitz quickly found common interests. Mr. Dershowitz has 
said they talked about science, academia, and Harvard. OUR DISCUSSIONS FOCUSED 
ON SCIENCE, ACADEMIA AND HARVARD. OUR RELATIONSHIP WAS 
LARGELY ACADEMIC AND THEN LEGAL 
5. In August, 1996, Mr. Epstein invited Mr. Dershowitz to meet Leslie Wexner, whom Mr. 
Epstein described as his mentor. Mr. Epstein and Mr. Dershowitz took Mr. Epstein's 
private jet to New Albany, Ohio, where Mr. Wexner had an estate, to attend a party for 
Mr. Wexner's fifty-ninth birthday. Mr. Dershowitz later said that he was Mr. Epstein's 
intellectual gift to Mr. Wexner. 
6. In the seventies, Mr. Epstein had been a trader and a wealth manager at Bear, Stearns, 
before leaving in 1981 to start a small firm, J. Epstein & Co. 
7. In 1987, Mr. Wexner hired Mr. Epstein as his financial adviser. Mr. Epstein has said that 
he re- fused to accept clients with less than a billion dollars in assets. The only client that 
he has ever named publicly is Mr. Wexner. When asked in a deposition whether Mr. 
Wexner was his only client, Mr. Epstein took the Fifth. 
8. In 1989, Mr. Wexner bought a seven-story Manhattan mansion, overlooking the Frick 
Museum. The mansion was among the largest private residences in the city. Mr. Wexner 
EFTA00808069
--- PAGE 2 ---
is reported to have sold it to Mr. Epstein for one dollar. In 1996, Mr. Epstein told the 
Times that he owned the mansion. 
9. In 1997, Mr. Epstein invested thirty million dollars in Boston Provident. Orin Kramer, 
the founder of the hedge fund, understood that the money came from Mr. Wexner. Later 
in 1997, Mr. Epstein called Mr. Kramer and asked him to stop by his office. Mr. 
Dershowitz also attended the meeting. At the meeting, Mr. Epstein asked Mr. Kramer to 
accept an investment of about half a million dollars from Mr. Dershowitz. Mr. Kramer 
accepted as a favor to Mr. Epstein. Mr. Dershowitz signed standard papers 
acknowledging that his money was at significant risk. I NEVER ATTENDED A 
MEETING WITH KRAMER AND EPSTIEN. I DID INVEST WITH KRAMER. 
WHEN THE INVESTMENT WENT DOWN, KRAMER CALLED ME AND TOLD 
ME THAT I WAS THE ONLY ONE OF HIS INVESTORS THAT HADN'T MADE A 
GREAT DEAL OF MONEY PRIOR TO LOSING, AND THAT HE FELT BAD 
ABOUT IT, SO HE RETURNED A PORTION OF MY LOSSES. I AM NOT AWARE 
OF ANY ROLE EPSTEIN MAY HAVE PLAYED IN KRAMER'S DECISION. 
10. In 1998, the fund sustained enormous losses. Mr. Epstein told Mr. Kramer that one of the 
two of them would have to reimburse Mr. Dershowitz. Mr. Epstein said that if he were to 
have to reimburse Mr. Dershowitz, Mr. Kramer would regret it. Mr. Kramer agreed to 
restore Mr. Dershowitz's losses, if Mr. Epstein would leave the remainder of the money 
he controlled in the fund. 
II. Mr. Epstein threw parties at his house in New York. He would often invite scientists, 
whose company he enjoyed. 
12. Mr. Epstein also had an interest in Harvard. In 1990, he and Mr. Wexner had helped to 
fund the construction of a new building at Harvard Hillel, named after Henry Rosovsky, 
then the Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences. 
13. Mr. Dershowitz began introducing Mr. Epstein around the college. Mr. Epstein 
subsequently began funding research into psychology and the history of science, and he 
became a member of the advisory board of the Harvard Society of Mind, Brain, and 
Behavior, and a Harvard fellow. Mr. Epstein also established an office in Brattle Square, 
where he held seminars on contemporary academic ideas, in which Mr. Dershowitz 
sometimes participated. I NEVER INTRODUCED EPSTEIN TO ANYONE "AROUND 
EFTA00808070
--- PAGE 3 ---
THE COLLEGE". I UNDERSTAND THAT STEPHEN GOULD AND MARVIN 
MINSKY HAD DONE THAT. TO THE CONRARY, EPSTEIN INTRODUCED ME 
TO SEVERAL HARVARD ACADEMICS I HAD NOT PREVIOUSLY MET, SUCH 
AS GEORGE CHURCH AND NOWICK. I DID PARTICIPATE IN HIS SEMINARS 
ALONG WITH MANY DISTINGUISHED PROFESSORS. 
14. In an article in the Harvard Crimson, Mr. Dershowitz said that he would debate 
mathematics, genetics, law, and psychology with Mr. Epstein and professor Steven 
Kosslyn, and that in these discussions, they would all cut each other off all the time 
"because we just get it." CORRECT. 
15. Mr. Epstein would evaluate drafts of Mr. Dershowitz's books. Mr. Dershowitz has said 
that Mr. Epstein was the only person outside his family whom he trusted to do this. I DID 
SEND A FEW OF MY BOOKS TO EPSTEIN IN DRAFT FORM AND HE MADE 
THOUGHTFUL COMMENTS. I THANKED HIM IN THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS. 
16. After Lawrence Summers became president of Harvard in 2001, he flew to Palm Beach 
on Mr. Epstein's plane and stayed at his mansion. In 2003, Mr. Epstein pledged thirty 
million dollars to Harvard to create the Epstein Program for Mathematical Biology and 
Evolutionary Dynamics. To lead it, he recruited Martin Nowak, a biologist from 
Princeton University. Mr. Dershowitz became a Faculty Affiliate of the program. 
17. In January 2007, the evolutionary biologist Robert Trivers was scheduled to receive the 
Crafoord Prize in biosciences. Mr. Nowak invited him to give a talk at the Epstein 
Center, followed by dinner. That April, Mr. Trivers sent Mr. Dershowitz a letter that 
criticized him for what Mr. Trivers viewed as an attack on Norman Finkelstein, and also 
said that Mr. Dershowitz was a Nazi or Nazi-apologist for his stance on the Israeli-
Palestinian conflict. 
18. On May 25, the day of his talk, Mr. Nowak, having arrived at Harvard, told Mr. Trivers 
that he was cancelling the talk a planned celebration, under orders from someone he 
would not identify. The reason given was that Mr. Trivers had called a Harvard professor 
a Nazi. Mr. Trivers said that he later learned that the order came from Mr. Epstein, under 
pressure from Mr. Dershowitz. (Mr. Dershowitz has denied this.) Mr. Trivers said that 
Mr. Epstein later apologized for having stopped the talk, using the word "apology," and 
EFTA00808071
--- PAGE 4 ---
Mr. Trivers now described them as friendly. In the summer of 2000, according to a 
deposition by Juan Alessi, who managed Mr. Epstein's house in Palm Beach, Alessi was 
driving Ghislaine Maxwell, Mr. Epstein's girlfriend, to Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago 
resort, when they saw a girl walking from the main lobby toward the spa. Ms. Maxwell 
approached the girl, a sixteen year old named 
 who was reading 
a book on anatomy and massage therapy. Ms. Maxwell informed her that she knew 
somebody who was looking for a travelling masseuse. This person was Mr. Epstein. 
19. When 
was dropped off at the house, there was a big hall table with pictures 
of young nude girls, mixed in with those of celebrities and politicians. THESE 
ALLEGATIONS WERE NEVER TESTED OR VERIFIED UNDER OATH THROUGH 
CROSS-EXAMINATION. 
20. Ms. Maxwell led 
upstairs to a suite where Mr. Epstein was lying, nude, and 
showed 
how to massage him. Ms. Maxwell then took off her clothing, and 
instructed 
to remove her clothing. Ms. Maxwell told 
that it was 
cute that she was wearing children's underwear. Ms. Maxwell then told 
to 
straddle Mr. Epstein, and 
and Mr. Epstein had sex. Afterward, Mr. Epstein 
told 
that she "did a really good job," and gave her two hundred dollars. 
THESE ALLEGATIONS WERE NEVER TESTED OR VERIFIED UNDER OATH 
THROUGH CROSS-EXAMINATION. 
21. 
returned the next day, at Ms. Maxwell's invitation, and she became a regular 
presence at the home. She was informed that she was to have sex with Mr. Epstein 
several times a day, often along with Ms. Maxwell and other girls. She was subsequently 
told that Mr. Epstein would also be lending her to other men. Ms. Maxwell told her that 
she was expected to please these men in whatever way they wanted. THESE 
ALLEGATIONS WERE NEVER TESTED OR VERIFIED UNDER OATH THROUGH 
CROSS-EXAMINATION. 
22. Mr. Epstein told 
to report back to him about what the men liked. In his New 
York mansion, Mr. Epstein had also installed a video system that taped every room in the 
house, which could allow Mr. Epstein to accumulate information to use as leverage 
against the men. SHORTLY AFTER I WAS FALSEY ACCUSED IN 2014, I 
PUBLICALLY STATED THAT I HOPED THERE WERE VIDEOS IN EVERY ROOM 
IN EPSTEIN'S HOME, BECAUSE THE VIDEOS WOULD SHOW I NEVER DID 
EFTA00808072
--- PAGE 5 ---
ANYHING INAPPROPRIATE. UNFORTUNATELY, THERE ARE NO SUCH 
CAMERAS IN THE NEW YORK MANSION. THERE WERE CAMERAS 
INSTALLED ON THE MAIN FLOOR OF MR. EPSTEIN'S PALM BEACH HOME 
TO CATCH SOMEONE STEALING FROM HIM. THE CAMERAS WERE 
INSTALLED BY THE PALM BEACH POLICE AND THE THIEF TURNED OUT TO 
BE MR. EPSTEIN'S VALET FOR 10 YEARS, WHO WAS TERMINATED FROM 
THIS POSITION. THIS IS THE SAME VALET WHO SUBSEQUENTLY GAVE 
FALSE DEPOSITION TESTIMONY ABOUT ME AND OTHERS IN MR. EPSTEIN'S 
HOME. 
23. Mr. Epstein used the girls under his control to bring in more girls. He preferred young 
girls from difficult backgrounds who would be in need of money. The women around Mr. 
Epstein were discouraged from speaking with one another. 
24. Mr. Epstein owned nearly a dozen apartments in New York in a building on the Upper 
East Side, where he kept what were called "semi-permanent" girls. AGAIN, THESE 
ARE UNSUBSTANTIATED ALLEGATIONS NEVER TESTED OR VERIFIED 
UNDER OATH THROUGH CROSS EXAMINATION. 
25. In 
case, Mr. Epstein paid her, paid for her apartment, and took her to New 
York, London, Paris, Tangiers, and his private island. He told 
that he was 
powerful, that he owned the police department, and that he had friends who owed him 
favors. Mr. Epstein was a donor to the Palm Beach Police Department for years. 
AGAIN, THESE ARE UNSUBSTANTIATED ALLEGATIONS NEVER TESTED OR 
VERIFIED UNDER OATH THROUGH CROSS EXAMINATION. 
26. In 2002, soon after 
turned nineteen, Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell sent her to 
Thailand for a three-week course in massage, and arranged for her to bring back a young 
girl for Mr. Epstein. AGAIN, THESE ARE UNSUBSTANTIATED ALLEGATIONS 
NEVER TESTED OR VERIFIED UNDER OATH THROUGH CROSS 
EXAMINATION. 
27. In March 2005, a fourteen-year-old girl in Palm Beach described to the police that Mr. 
Epstein had paid her three-hundred dollars for a massage, told her to take off her clothes, 
EFTA00808073
--- PAGE 6 ---
and masturbated. THE WITNESS REFERRED TO CONFIRMED TO POLICE THAT 
SHE LIED TO MR. EPSTEIN THAT SHE WAS 18 YEARS OLD, AND WAS TOLD 
THAT IF SHE DID NOT LIE TO MR. EPSTEIN ABOUT BEING 18, SHE WOULD 
NOT BE ALLOWED IN HIS HOUSE. 
28. The police soon began investigating Mr. Epstein for sexually abusing underage girls. The 
case against Mr. Epstein would involve the testimony of dozens of young girls. Press 
coverage included a list of famous men who travelled on Mr. Epstein's plane, the so-
called Lolita Express, to Little St. James, an island that Mr. Epstein owned in the 
Caribbean. 
29. When Mr. Epstein learned about the investigation, in the fall of 2005, he immediately 
called Mr. Dershowitz, who established himself in the lead of a team of prominent 
attorneys from New York, Boston, Washington, D.C., and Miami. I WAS NOT THE 
LEAD LAWYER. I HELPED ASSEMBLE THE LEGAL TEAM, EACH OF WHOM 
HAD A DIFFERENT ROLE. I WAS NOT INVOLVED IN ANY INVESTIGATIONS 
OF FACTUAL MATTERS. I WROTE LEGAL MEMOS AND MET WITH THE 
STATE ATTORNEY IN PALM BEACH AND MEMBERS OF THE US 
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE IN MIAMI. 
30. Mr. Epstein once likened his offense to that of "a person who steals a bagel." 
[Much of the following seven queries involve actions that Mr. Dershowitz performed 
while representing Mr. Epstein. Can you confirm that they are accurate?] I NEVER 
HEARD EPSTEIN REFER TO THE ACCUSATION AS COMPARABLE TO A PERSON 
WHO STEALS A BAGEL. MY UNDERSTANDING IS THAT IT WAS TAKEN OUT OF 
CONTEXT IN A QUOTE ABOUT THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN MURDER AND 
PROSTITUTION. 
31. Mr. Dershowitz prepared a dossier featuring entries from Web sites like MySpace, in 
which Mr. Epstein's alleged victims recounted experiences with alcohol or marijuana and 
wrote about sex. I NEVER PERSONALLY PREPARED OR DIRECTED THE 
PREPARATION OF ANY DOSSIERS. I DO NOT OWN A COMPUTER. I NEVER 
WENT ON ANY WEBSITES. I RELIED ON THE INVESTIGATIVE WORK OF 
OTHERS IN MY NEGOTIATIONS AND WHERE APPROPRIATE PRESENTED 
THAT WORK TO THE STATE ATTORNEY. 
EFTA00808074
--- PAGE 7 ---
32. Florida State Attorney Barry Krischer helped Mr. Dershowitz arrange a meeting with 
Joseph Recarey, the lead investigator in the case. Mr. Dershowitz presented the dossier as 
evidence that the girls were not of high moral quality. I MET WITH MR. KRISCHER 
AND PRESENTED APPROPRIATE INVESTIGATIVE MATERIALS TO HIM. HE 
INVITED MR. RECAREY TO ATTEND A MEETING WE HAD. MY ONLY 
CONVERSATION WITH MR. RECAREY OCCURRED IN THE BATHROOM 
WHEN WE TALKED ABOUT OUR COMMON ORIGINS IN NY. 
33. Mr. Dershowitz also raised questions about the police. He made a public-records request 
to the police department for any paper bearing the name of Michael Reiter, the Palm 
Beach police chief name, and began had private investigators perform background 
investigations on Mr. Reiter. ENTIRELY FALSE. I NEVER RAISED QUESTIONS 
ABOUT THE POLICE. I NEVER MADE ANY RECORD SEARCHES. THAT WAS 
NOT MY ROLE. I NEVER ARRANGED FOR PRIVATE INVESTIGATORS FOR 
ANY BACKGROUND CHECKS. THAT, TOO, WAS NOT MY ROLE. 
34. For months, Mr. Reiter and Mr. Recarey were under constant surveillance, in which cars 
followed them, their trash was searched, and investigators contacted Mr. Reiter's ex-wife. 
Mr. Epstein has denied his involvement in this. In 2010, when Mr. Reiter testified about 
the surveillance, in 2010, Mr. Epstein turned to his lawyer and said, "That wasn't us!" I 
HAD ABSOLUTELY NO INVOLVEMENT IN ANY SURVEILLANCE, TRASH 
SEARCHES OR CONTACTS WITH MR. REITER'S EX-WIFE. IT IS MY 
UNDERSTANDING NO SUCH SURVEILLANCE, SEARCHES OR CONTACT 
WITH MR. REITER'S WIFE OCCURRED AND THAT THESE ARE THE 
FABRICATIONS OF PLAITIFFS' COUNSEL IN PRIOR CIVIL CASES AGAINST 
MR. EPSTEIN. 
35. At one point, Mr. Recarey told Mr. Dershowitz that at least one of the investigators had 
tried to misrepresent himself to one of the alleged victims as a police officer. Mr. 
Dershowitz surmised that the woman was someone identified as MI. in depositions. I 
HAD NO INVOLVEMENT IN OR KNOWLEDGE OF ANY MISREPRESENTATION. 
AGAIN, I UNDERSTAND THAT THIS INCIDENT NEVER OCCURRED AND 
THAT IT WAS ALSO MADE UP BY A PLAINTIFF'S LAWYER. 
EFTA00808075
--- PAGE 8 ---
36. M. had alleged that he Mr. Epstein had forcibly penetrated her when she was a minor. 
She told detectives that in 2003, when she was sixteen, a friend introduced her to Mr. 
Epstein. The friend told her that in exchange for a massage she could earn enough money 
for a camping trip in Maine that she wanted to go on. M. said that she returned to Mr. 
Epstein's house hundreds of times, becoming his Mr. Epstein's favorite. She said that she 
sometimes had non-penetrative sex with Mr. Epstein and one of his "semi-permanent" 
girls, 
whom Mr. Epstein was said to have bought from her parents in 
Yugoslavia when she was about fifteen. M. said that Mr. Epstein would take naked 
photographs of her and other girls and display the photographs in the house. 
37. In a letter to Mr. Recarey, Mr. Dershowitz enclosed snippets gathered from M.'s 
presence on social media. Mr. Dershowitz noted that M. chose to go by the nickname 
"pimp juice," and he noted that M. appeared to have a fascination with marijuana. Mr. 
Dershowitz said that the two investigators who tried to speak with her were instructed 
beforehand to take notes, out of feat that she was an accomplished drama student, who, 
Mr. Dershowitz said, had misled others in the past and might try to do the same with the 
investigators. Mr. Dershowitz suggested that M. motivation was money, to be "really 
rich." IN MY NEGOTIATIONS WITH THE STATE ATTORNEY AND THE POLICE 
I FORWARDED TO THEM THE RESEARCH DONE BY INVESTIGATORS. I DID 
NOT HIRE OR DIRECT ANY INVESTIGATORS. IN MY ROLE AS EPSTEIN'S 
ATTORNEY, IT WAS MY DUTY TO FORWARD ANY EXCULPATORY 
INFORMATION TO THE PROSECUTORS AND POLICE. 
38. In July 2006, Krischer, charged Mr. Epstein with one count of aggravated assault. There 
was no mention of underage girls, nor a requirement to register as a sex offender, nor a 
threat of jail time. IT WAS NOT KRISCHER WHO CHARGED MR. EPSTEIN. IT 
WAS THE PALM BEACH COUNTY GRAND JURY THAT INDICTED MR. 
EPSTEIN ON ONE COUNT OF FELONY SOLICITATION OF PROSTITUTION. HE 
WAS NEVER CHARGED WITH A COUNT OF AGGRAVATED ASSAULT. 
39. In 2007, Mr. Epstein argued that he was being persecuted because he was Jewish. 
Lawyers for Mr. Epstein said that he was being unjustly targeted because of his wealth. I 
NEVER HEARD EPSTEIN SAY HE WAS PROSECUTED BECAUSE HE WAS 
JEWISH. 
EFTA00808076
--- PAGE 9 ---
40. In the fall of 2007, Mr. Epstein's legal team negotiated a non-prosecution agreement, in 
which the federal government would throw out its indictment if Mr. Epstein pleaded to 
two state felony charges, solicitation of prostitution and procuring minors for prostitution. 
Mr. Epstein would also register as a sex offender and pay lawyers' fees for the victims 
who sued him. The agreement also contained a clause that protected four of Mr. Epstein's 
assistants, including 
, from prosecution. In the final days of the 
negotiations, an unusual provision was added that guaranteed immunity for "any potential 
co-conspirators." I HAD NO INVOLVEMENT IN NEGOTIATING THE PROVISION, 
OR GRANTING IMMUNITY TO ANY " CO-CONSPIRATORS". I HAD NO 
INTEREST IN THAT PROVISION, SINCE I WAS NOT A CO-CONSPIRATOR. IF 
ANYONE IN THE GOVERNMENT THOUGHT THAT I WAS, THEY SURELY 
WOULDN'T HAVE ALLOWED ME TO PARTICIPATE IN THE NEGOTIATIONS. 
IT IS MY UNDERSTANDING THAT THE PROVISION WAS MEANT TO PROTECT 
JANE DOES THAT MAY HAVE HAD EXPOSURE FOR BRINGING THEIR 
FRIENDS TO MR. EPSTEIN'S HOME. 
41. Afterward, over nine months, Mr. Dershowitz and his team investigated prosecutors and 
their families, attempting to disqualify them, in order to prove the prosecution was 
tainted. The U.S. Attorney rejected these attempts. When officials at the Justice 
Department ruled that the charges offered by Mr. Dershowitz's team were baseless, Mr. 
Dershowitz's team went to more senior officials. Can you confirm that this description is 
accurate? I WAS NOT AWARE OF ANY INVESTIGATIONS OF PROSECUTORS 
AND THEIR FAMILIES AND I WAS NOT INVOLVED IN ANY SUCH 
INVESTIGATIONS. IF THERE WERE ANY, I WOULD HAVE THOROUGHLY 
DISAPPROVED OF ANY SUCH INVESTIGATION. CALLING EPSTEIN'S LEGAL 
TEAM THE "DERSHOWITZ TEAM" IS FALSE AND MISLEADING. I PLAYED A 
ROLE IN THE TEAM, BUT MY ROLE WAS LARGELY TO PROVIDE LEGAL 
RESEARCH AND TO NEGOTIATE. I WAS NOT INVOLVED IN ANY MONETARY 
OR CIVIL ASPECTS OF THE SETTLEMENT, OR IN ANY INVESTIGATIONS. 
42. On June 30, 2008, with every alternative exhausted, Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty. He was 
given an eighteen-month sentence in a county jail, and allowed to depart every day, on 
work release, for an office that he had acquired nearby. At the office, Mr. Epstein 
received visitors, and a policeman served them coffee. Mr. Epstein told a friend that he 
was reading "De Profundis" in prison. Mr. Epstein was released after thirteen months. 
EFTA00808077
--- PAGE 10 ---
43. In 2007, Ms. Maxwell called 
who was living outside of Sydney. Ms. 
Maxwell told 
that Mr. Epstein was being investigated, and that if 
refused to cooperate, she'd be "taken care of" 
told Ms. Maxwell that she 
wouldn't speak to anyone, but she declined compensation. A few days later, Mr. Epstein 
and his lawyer called to hear directly from her that she wouldn't be speaking to anyone. 
44. In May 2009, 
sued Mr. Epstein, as 
. In her complaint, MI 
stated that she had been sexually abused by Mr. Epstein and also was "required to 
be sexually exploited by Mr. Epstein's friends, including royalty, politicians, 
academicians, businessmen. 
45. Mr. Epstein eventually settled her suit, and those of many other victims. 
46. In December, 2014, 
filed a motion to join a suit attempting to overturn the 
non-prosecution agreement. She claimed that Mr. Epstein had abused her, and had 
trafficked her to powerful friends as a way of gaining influence over them. In her motion, 
she named three men: Jean Luc Brunel; Prince Andrew, the Duke of York; and Mr. 
Dershowitz. She said that she had sex with Mr. Dershowitz at least six times, in Mr. 
Epstein's various residences, on his private island, in a car, and on his plane. 
has also said that Mr. Epstein trafficked other girls. THE MOTION NAMING ME AS 
SOMEONE WHOM 
HAD SEX WITH IS ENTIRELY FALSE. I NEVER MET 
HER. THE JUDGE STRUCK ALL REFERENCES TO ME. HER LAWYERS 
WITHDREW HER AFFIDAVIT AS PART OF A SETTLEMENT. SHE ALSO SAID 
SHE HAD SEX WITH MANY FAMOUS PEOPLE, INCLUDING RENOWNED 
BUSINESS LEADERS, HEADS OF STATE AND FOREIGN DIGNITARIES. BUT 
BEOFRE SHE MET HER LAWYERS SHE NEVER INCLUDED ME IN ANY SUCH 
LIST, INDEED, SHE SPECIFICALLY EXCLUDED ME, DESPITE A SUGGESTION 
FROM SHARON CHURCHER TO FALSELY INCLUDE ME, IN HER BOOK 
MANUSCRIPT. 
47. A British-South African woman named 
lawsuit of involving her in a sex-trafficking ring. 
has also accused Mr. Epstein in a 
48. 
said that in September, 2006, when she was twenty-two and recently 
arrived in New York, a new friend introduced her to Mr. Epstein, describing him as a 
philanthropist who used his wealth and connections to help poor young women in 
EFTA00808078
--- PAGE 11 ---
exchange for massages. 
said that Mr. Epstein paid the friend five-thousand 
dollars in exchange for bringing 
to him. 
49. After the massages turned sexual, 
was allowed to live in a large apartment 
in Mr. Epstein's building on the Upper East Side. She was also given a cell phone, car 
service, and money for living expenses. Mr. Epstein invited her to fly to his island, which 
she did several times in late 2006 and early 2007. Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell told 
they could help arrange her admission at the Fashion Institute of Technology, 
where she dreamed of studying. 
50. 
was told that if she refused to have sex with Mr. Epstein and his associates, 
her apartment would be taken away, and Mr. Epstein would make sure that she couldn't 
go to college or get a job. Mr. Epstein told 
who weighed about 125 
pounds, that he wanted her to weigh 114. One night on Little St. James, Mr. Epstein took 
away 
food and announced to other guests that if she didn't lose weight, 
she would have to move out. 
51. In an affidavit, 
said she spent significant time with Mr. Epstein in New 
York and that Mr. Epstein lent her out to friends and associates, including Mr. 
Dershowitz, at Mr. Epstein's townhouse. 
described visiting Little St. James 
repeatedly, in order to have sex with Mr. Epstein, Ms. 
and other girls and 
guests. 
52. Last December, 
undisclosed sum. 
suit was settled in her favor. Mr. Epstein paid her an 
53. As part of the court proceedings, a lawyer for Ms. Maxwell mentioned that Mr. 
Dershowitz was one of several people 
alleged Mr. Epstein had directed her 
to have sex with. I NEVER MET OR HEARD OF 
ANY 
ALLEGATION THAT SHE HAD SEX WITH ME IS FALSE AND PERJURIOUS. MS. 
MAXWELL'S LAWYER VIOLATED THE SEAL BY DISCLOSING HER FALSE 
ALLEGATION AGAINST ME. 
(The remainder of the queries involve allegations concerning Mr. Dershowitz but that 
also involve Mr. Epstein, that I would therefore like to vet* with Mr. Epstein.] 
EFTA00808079
--- PAGE 12 ---
54. 
met Mr. Dershowitz in a brief encounter at Mr. Epstein's mansion in New 
York. After that, Mr. Dershowitz was seen with Mr. Epstein often. After some time, Mr. 
Epstein let Mr. Dershowitz use his bedroom, something that Mr. Epstein rarely, if ever, 
did for another man. Once, after 
had sex with Mr. Epstein, Mr. Epstein 
walked out of his bedroom and Mr. Dershowitz entered and had sex with 
Can Mr. Epstein verify that this description is accurate? EVERYTHING IN #55 IS 
TOTALLY FALSE. I DID NOT MEET U 
IN A BRIEF ENCOUNTER OR ANY 
OTHER ENCOUNTER. I HAVE NEVER EVEN SEEN EPSTEIN'S BEDROOM. HE 
CERTAINLY NEVER LET ME USE IT. I HAVE MY OWN APARTMENT IN NYC. I 
NEVER HAD SEX WITH • 
IN EPSTEIN'S BEDROOM OR ANYWHERE ELSE. 
55. Mr. Dershowitz visited Mr. Epstein's Palm Beach home four or five times a year, and 
typically stayed for two or three days. On one occasion, several girls, who were nude, 
were having lunch at the pool, and Mr. Dershowitz was also present. 
that she was made to give Mr. Dershowitz a massage and to tend to him. 
said 
also 
gave Mr. Dershowitz a massage on the beach at Little St. James and then went with him 
to one of the beach bungalows, which were just large enough to hold a bed, where she 
was made to have sex with him. Can Mr. Epstein verify that this description is accurate? 
ENTIRELY FALSE. I VISITED EPSTEIN'S PALM BEACH HOME ON SEVERAL 
OCCASSIONS. ONCE WITH MY NEPHEW WHEN WE ATTENDED THE LAUNCH 
OF A SPACE SATELLITE. ONCE WITH MY RESEARCH ASSISTANT, MITCH 
WEBBER, WHEN WE WERE WORKING ON EPSTEIN'S CASE; ONCE WITH MY 
WIFE, CHILDREN, GRANDCHILDREN AND DAUGHTER IN LAW WHEN WE 
STAYED THERE FOR 4-5 DAYS DURING CHRISTMAS VACATION WHEN 
EPSTEIN WAS AWAY; AND ON PERHAPS ANOTHER HALF DOZEN OR SO 
OCCASSIONS, TO MEET WITH EPSTEIN PROFESSIONALLY OR 
ACADEMICALLY. I WAS NEVER AT HIS HOME DURING THE PERIOD OF TIME 
WHEN HE KNEW 
I NEVER SAW A NUDE PERSON AT HIS HOME OR 
AROUND THE POOL. THE ONLY PEOPLE I EVER SAW AT HIS HOME WERE 
HIS STAFF, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, HIS ASSISTANT 
, HIS 20-
SOMETHING YEAR OLD GIRLFRIEND AND SOME BUSINESS 
ACQUAINTANCES. I NEVER SAW ANYBODY CLOSE TO UNDER-AGE. I 
NEVER SAW A NUDE PICTURE, EXCEPT FOR AN OLD SEPIA PRINT IN HIS 
ENTRANCE WAY OF A MODEL WHO HAD POSED FOR THE ARTIST RODIN, 
AND NEXT TO IT A PHOTO OF HER AS AN OLDER WOMAN. I NEVER 
RECEIVED A MASSAGE FROM 
OR ANY OTHER YOUNG WOMAN. THE 
EFTA00808080
--- PAGE 13 ---
ONLY MASSAGE I EVER RECEIVED WAS FROM AN OLDER RUSSIAN 
WOMAN WHO WANTED TO PUT HER KNEES ON MY SHOULDERS. I 
REFUSED. I CALLED MY WIFE AFTER THIS EXPERIENCE AND TOLD HER I 
WOULD NEVER GET ANOTHER MASSAGE AT EPSTEIN'S HOUSE. I NEVER 
RECEIVED A MASSAGE FROM U ON THE BEACH AT LITTLE ST. JAMES. THE 
ONLY TIME I WAS AT LITTLE ST JAMES WAS WELL BEFORE U MET 
EPSTEIN. I WAS THERE WITH MY WIFE AND DAUGHTER ON THE WAY BACK 
FROM A VACATION ON A NEARBY ISLAND. WE SPENT ONE NIGHT 
TOGETHER IN A LITTLE COTTAGE. WE HAD DINNER WITH PROFESSOR 
MICHAEL PORTER, HIS WIFE AND 2 OF HIS RELATIVES. EPSTEIN HAD 
RECENTLY BOUGHT THE ISLAND AND THE ONLY PEOPLE ON IT WERE 
EPSTEIN, GHISLAINE MAXWELL AND I -2 STAFF MEMBERS. 
56. Mr. Dershowitz has said that he received a massage at Mr. Epstein's house in Palm 
Beach—though he has said that 
wasn't the masseuse and he kept his 
underwear on. Can Mr. Epstein verify that this account is accurate? CORRECT 
57. Several months after meeting Mr. Epstein, 
went to Miami for the weekend. 
When she returned, she told Mr. Epstein that she had met a man, who, with a friend, had 
attempted to rape her. Mr. Epstein told her that he would introduce her to one of his best 
lawyers, and he later introduced her to Mr. Dershowitz. Mr. Epstein and Mr. Dershowitz 
argued, successfully, against her going to the police, and Mr. Dershowitz told her that he 
would represent her. 
did not know of the investigation into Mr. Epstein, or 
that Mr. Dershowitz was representing him. ENTIRELY FALSE AND MADE UP. I 
NEVER MET 
I NEVER REPRESENTED HER. I NEVER HAD ANY 
DISCUSSION WITH HER ABOUT ANY CASE. I NEVER SIGNED A RETAINER 
AGREEMENT. I NEVER ENTERED AN APPEARNACE IN COURT. I AM NOT A 
MEMBER OF THE NY BAR AND I AM NOT AUTHORIZED TO PRACTICE LAW 
THERE, EXCEPT UNDER THE AUSPICES OF LOCAL COUNSEL 
58. Shortly afterward, 
had dinner with Mr. Epstein and Mr. Dershowitz to talk 
about her case. When 
asked how the case was proceeding, Mr. Dershowitz 
said little. Can Mr. Epstein verify that this description is accurate? COMPLETELY 
FALSE. I NEVER HAD DINNER WITH 
. I NEVER DISCUSSED ANY 
CASE WITH 
THERE WAS NO CASE, AS FAR AS I KNOW. DO 
OR HER LAWYERS CLAIM THERE IS ANY RECORD OF ANY SUCH 
EFTA00808081
--- PAGE 14 ---
CASE? THERE WAS NEVER ANY LEGAL RELATIONSHIP OR ANY OTHER 
RELATIONSHIP WITH 
HAS WRITTEN OVER 100 
EMAILS TO A POST REPORTER NAMED MAUREEN CALLAHAN IN WHICH 
SHE CLAIMS TO HAVE SEX TAPES OF DONALD TRUMP, BILL AND HILLARY 
CLINTON, BILL RICHARDSON, RICHARD BRANSON. SHE ALSO CLAIMS TO 
HAVE HAD SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH MANY PROMINENT PEOPLE, BUT IN 
HER EMAILS SHE NEVER MENTIONS ME AS ONE OF THE PEOPLE WITH 
WHOM SHE HAD SEX. YOU CAN CONFIRM ALL OF THIS WITH MS. 
CALLAHAN, WHO HAS THE EMAILS AND IS FREE TO SEND THEM TO YOU. I, 
TOO, HAVE THE EMAILS, BUT THEY ARE SEALED. YOU CAN ASK 
LAWYERS TO SHOW YOU THE EMAILS. THEY WOULD BE 
AUTHORIZED. HOPEFULLY, THESE EMAILS WILL BE AMONG THOSE 
UNSEALED BY THE SECOND CIRCUIT. IF YOU MENTION THE 
ACCUSATIONS AGAINST ME YOU ARE OBLIGATED TO MENTION HER 
CLAIM THAT SHE HAS SEX TAPES OF THE PRESIDENT, THE FORMER 
PRESIDENT AND THE FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE. TO OMIT THAT 
CRUCIAL FACT WOULD BE A DEFAMATORY HALF TRUTH. 
59. Several weeks after the dinner, was called to Mr. Epstein's mansion early one evening. 
Mr. Epstein, Mr. Dershowitz, and Ms. 
were present. There Ms. 
took 
upstairs. In the room, Ms. 
undressed 
Mr. 
Dershowitz then walked in, undressed, and the three engaged in a sexual encounter, in 
which Mr. Dershowitz didn't penetrate 
but she was forced to perform oral 
sex on him and masturbate him. Can Mr. Epstein verify that this description is accurate? 
COMPLETELY FALSE AND MADE UP. I WAS NEVER IN EPSTEIN'S BEDROOM. 
AND I NEVER ENGAGED IN A SEXUAL ENCOUNTER WITH EITHER-
OR 
. THE STORY IS COMPLETEY MADE UP. MY 
UNDERSTANDING IS THAT THE FALSE 
ACCUSATIONS HAVE 
BEEN SEALED BY THE JUDGE. WE ARE TRYING TO GET EVERYTHING 
UNSEALED, BUT AT THE MOMENT IT REMAINS UNDER SEAL. IF THIS 
INFORMATION WAS GIVEN TO YOU BY 
LAWYER, THEY MAY 
HAVE VIOLATED THE SEALING ORDER. 
60. Can you confirm that Mr. Dershowitz has been Mr. Epstein's lawyer, without 
interruption, since the police investigation began in 2005? I BECAME EPSTEIN'S 
LAWYER SHORTLY AFTER THE INVESTIGATION BEGAN. 
EFTA00808082
--- PAGE 15 ---
61. Mr. Dershowitz has said that he, Mr. Epstein, and Ms. Maxwell had a joint defense 
agreement in this case, which would mean that Mr. Dershowitz's conversations with Ms. 
Maxwell are subject to attorney-client privilege. Does this description look accurate? I 
DO NOT BELIEVE THAT I HAVE A JOINT DEFENSE AGREEMENT WITH MS. 
MAXWELL. AT ONE POINT WE DISCUSSED IT BUT WE DID NOT AGREE. 
62. When Mr. Dershowitz was asked if he was still in touch with Mr. Epstein, he said that he 
doesn't represent Mr. Epstein, and then said that one never stops being someone's 
lawyer, and that he'd always take Mr. Epstein's call. Can Mr. Epstein confirm? 
CORRECT 
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE ENTIRE THRUST OF YOUR PROPOSED ARTICLE DEPENDS 
ON THE UNCORROBORATED CREDABILITY OF 2 WOMEN WITH LONG AND 
PROVABLE RECORDS OF LYING AND COMMITTING PERJURY AGAINST FAMOUS 
PEOPLE. IF THEY ARE LYING - AS THE EVIDENCE PROVES THEY ARE - YOUR 
ENTIRE THESIS CRUMBLES IN THE DUST. YOU ARE DISSEMINATING TOTALLY 
FALSE INFORMATION AGAINST AN ENTIRELY INNOCENT MAN WHO NEVER EVEN 
MET THE WOMEN WHO ARE FALSELY ACCUSING HIM. 
EFTA00808083

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808084.pdf
----------------------------------------
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
GENERATOR AND R.O BUILDING 
ROOFING PROJECT 
PARCEL NOS. A,B AND C 
LITTLE ST JAMES U.S.V.I 
MODIFICATION TO CZT-53-04L 
PREPARED BY 
)DG 
Jaredian 
Design 
Group 
Architects, Engineeh and Construction Managers 
5333 ROW, W. S.Ilt 16, N. T•s,.. 
0002.6900 • Pe" 0/1.. 6210. St. 1...4. V. S. Vmss ht.vw 0094.611S 
T 
on. (3 60) 777.1600 • I 
1401 77,601 • F 
powernet net •  
INDECCEDEIAY4198 
AO.O 
COVER BFEET 
COO 
EXEITNG CONDITICR8 SRE PLAN 
CIO 
SITE PLAN 
C2.O 
ESE DETALS 
80.0 
STRUCTURAL NOTES/LECE,D 
SIO 
FOUNDATION PLAN 
SU 
SLAB FLAN 
A-1A1O 
EXISTING FIRST FLOOR PLAN BILLING A 
A-1A11 
PROPOSED RRST FLOOR PLAN BULLING A 
A-2A1.O 
PROPOSED SECOND FLOOR PLAN BUILDING A 
A-3ALO 
PROPOSED ROOF PLAN BUILDING A 
BAALO 
Exam. FN. HOOP FLAN RAIDING B 
B-2A1O 
PROP.. SECOND FLOOR PLAN BUIL.. B 
B-3A1O 
PROPCX3ED ROOF PLAN BUILDING B 
A-A2O 
BULDING A ELEVADONS 
A-A21 
BULDING A ELEVATICNS 
B-A2.O 
BUILDING B ELEVATIONS 
B-A21 
BULDC. B ELEVATIONS 
A3.O 
CROSS SECTION BUILDING B 
.1 
CROSS SECTION SULU,. A 
A32 
CROSS SECTION 
A32 
CROSS BECTON 
A4O 
SCFEDULE 
A5.O 
WALL DETALS 
AST 
WALL DETALS 
610.0 
SCHEDULES AND NOTES 
401 
HVAC DETALS 
PAST FLOOR HVAC PLAN BULDING A 
IA-2A1O 
SECOND FLOOR HVAC PLAN BUILDING A 
4-2.0 
BECC.O FLOOR HVAC PLAN BULDING B 
EDO 
ELECTRICAL NOTES AND LEGEND 
EO1 
ELECTRICAL PANELS 
A-1E1.O 
FART FLOOR POWER AND LICHT!. PLAN BUILDING A 
A-2ELO 
SECOND FLOOR POWER AND LIGHTING PLAN BUILD!. A 
B-2E1O 
SEOOND FLOOR POWER AND UGH.. PLAN BULL.. B 
EFTA00808084
--- PAGE 2 ---
E 
C 
B 
A 
REST RO 
CONTAINMENT WAL 
FUEL TANK 
FUEL PUMPS 
LOCATION OF EXISTING 
GENERATOR 
BUILDING 
LOCATION OF EXISTING 
RO BUILDING 
N 0 T £ S: 
ZONE R-1 
ELEVATIONS PER IASL 
THIS SURVEY 
z 
GARAGE & 
MAINTENANCE 
BUILDING 
RKING AREA 
O BUIeDING 
so 
rr
II
I 
II II 
I I 
Jr 
Et
ni 
SHORELINE PER THIS SURVEY 
CZM SETBACK LINE 
LINE OF NATURAL ABUT/fru-
LOCATION OF EXISTING 
MAINTENANCE WORK 
SHOP BUILDING TO BE 
REMOVED AND 
RE-BUILT 
SCALE 
- 
r. 
.33* 
et
* 
MARVIN BERNING & ASSOCIATES 
LAND SURVEYORS 
SUBDIRSION PLANNING 
PROPERTY SURVEYS 
PARTIAL TOPOGRAPHICAL SURVEY 
PARCEL No. "C" 
LITTLE ST. JAMES ISLAND 
NO. 6A RED HOOK °DARTER 
St THOMAS. U.S.V.I. 
SURVEY: LOUIS 
CALC.: 
GAURIUNT 
SCALE: 
1" = 
DATE: 
3/9,05 
JOB NO. 3600 
APPROVED BY: 
EXISTING CONDITIONS 
SITE PLAN 
SCALE: 1'1=3O1-0' 
co.olco.o
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
REVD/0r,
EWE; 
Mredian Design Group 
I 
t AAA, ne 
No 33 Cr0oningaki Ooao - ORon% &smut 
Post Moe Eas 6218 
St Thomas. U.B. Virgin Wands MTN 
telepOcoo: 340 m. ROO for 340.777 loos 
amet 
Werooter ci act« pem <co p.c.! 
sumo,. Anon ...fn. 
Aunin Den snA 
Cn"rt•COrt..,,,,
Mt% P.A•6 .*•••• Oaf Meta 
rd 
sat/i, 
eat re uotzi• 
C^,IM. 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AD.0 
LITRE ST JAMES US YI 
DATE: 
10-20-15 
mi.1O111^. 
K.R.B. 
CEE.00ED BY. 
K.R.B. 
APPROVED ED am 
PRO.ECT NO: 
15.001 
Canto= /0 
SHEET NC: 
C0.0 
EXISTING CONDITION 
SITE PLAN 
EFTA00808085
--- PAGE 3 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
CONTAINMENT WAL 
FUEL TANK 
SHADED AREA 
INDICATES LOCATION 
OF AREA TO BE 
EXCAVATED FOR 
NEW STORAGE ROOM 
N 0 T £ S: 
ZONE R-1 
ELEVATIONS PER 1ASL 
NIS SURVEY 
SHORELINE PER THIS SURVEY 
LOCATION OF EXISTING 
BUILDINGS TO RECEIVE 
NEW SECOND FLOOR 
AND ROOF STRUCTURE 
NEW SEDIMENT SILT 
SCREEN SEE DETAIL 
ON SHEET C2.0 
SCALE - 
= 30' 
et 
MARVIN BERNING & ASSOCIATES 
LAND SURVEYORS 
SUBDIVISION PLANNING 
PROPERTY SURVEYS 
PARTIAL TOPOGRAPHICAL SURVEY 
PARCEL No. "C" 
LITTLE ST. JAMES ISLAND 
NO. 6A RED HOCK WARIER 
St THOMAS, U.S.V.I. 
SURVEY: LOUIS 
CALL.: 
GAURILOFF 
SCALE: 
1" = 30' 
DATE: 
3/9/15 
JOB NO. 3600 
APPROVED BY: 
Stormwater Best Management Practices 
1. PROVIDE COMPACTED GRAVEL BASE AT ESTATE ROAD 
DURING CONSTRUCTION. 
2. ALL EXCAVATED AREAS SHALL BE SEEDED OR RE PLANTED AT 
END OF CONSTRUCTION 
3. INSTALL SILT SCREEN FENCE AS PER MANUFACTURES 
INSTRUCTION 
4. RECEPTACLES SHALL BE PROVIDED ON SITE AND MAINTAINED 
ON A REGULAR BASIS 
5. VEGETATION BERMS SHALL BE USED IN CONJUNCTION WITH 
SILT FENCE TO 
REDUCE STORM WATER RUN OFF. 
8. NATURAL VEGETATION SHALL BE PRESERVED IN THE 
INDICATED AREAS 
ZONING NOTES 
LOT ZONING: R.1 
LOT SIZES: PARCEL C (11.8 ACRES 515.188 SO.FT) 
USE: RESIDENTIAL 
ACCESSORY USES: NONE 
PARKING: 4 VEHICLE SPACES PROVIDED 
DENSITY: TWO (2) DWELLING UNITS 
LOT OCCUPANCY: 25 PERCENT MAX. (128.797) 
ACTUAL LOT COVERAGE: 5% (30.385) 
MIN. LOT AREA: 21.780 S.F. 
LOT WIDTH: 100 FEET REQUIRED 
VIRGIN ISLAND ZONING REQUIREMENT 
FRONT YARD SETBACK 15 FEET 
SIDE 15 FEET AND REAR YARD SETBACK: 15 FEET 
MAXIMUM HEIGHT: 2 STORIES 
PROPOSED HEIGHT: 2 STORY 
SITE PLAN 
C .0 
C1.0 
SCALE: 1"=30"-0" 
E 
D 
C 
B 
REW610,..* 
NO: GATE 
Coes 
:4 I 
Mredian Design Group 
Ism. Imp.-,N r••••nal Wag' 
No 33 Cxoniungens Oa% - Quinal alatt4f 
POE Mop Ma 5218 
& Rona U.S. VirgIn Wands MEW 
letting*: 300 TT? i600 In: 3007n Roc 
•••• In N Cm•NN“Nr...” 
' 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LITRE ST MHO US vi 
DATE:
10-20-15 
CRAMNBe 
K R B 
040CED Br 
APPROVED BY. 
PROECT NO: 
15-001 
SIERT Na: 
C1.0 
PARTIAL SITE PLAN 
EFTA00808086
--- PAGE 4 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
RETAINING WALL SCHEDULE 
H 
B 
A 
b 
C 
v-BARS 
T-BARS 
D-BARS 
(-0" 
2'-8" 
12" 
r -r 
5" 
#3016" #3012" #3016" 
5'-0" 
3'-3" 
12" 
2'-2" 
5" 
#4016"
#4012" #4016" 
6'-O" 
3'-9" 
12" 
2'-5" 
8" 
#4012" #4012" #4012" 
7'-0" 
4'-2" 
12" 
2'-6" 
12" 
#4012" #4012" #4012" 
8'-0" 
4'-8" 
12" 
2'-5°
12" #508" 
#408" 
#4010" 
9'-0" 
5'-2" 
12" 
31-2" 
12" 
#508" 
#408" 
#5010" 
10.-0" 
5'-g" 
12" 
3'-7" 
14" 
#508" 
#408" 
#5010" 
11'-0" 
61-7" 
12" 
4'-1" 
17" #508" 
#408" 
#5010" 
12'-0" 
71-3" 
14" 
4'-7" 
18" 
#508" 
#408" 
#5010" 
21'0 WEEP 
HOLES 0 4'-0" 
O.C. OR 4" 
WEEP HOLES 
V- BARS 
T BARS 
CRUSHED STONE 
D BARS 
T-BARS 
RETAINING WALL SCHEDULE 
C2.0 C2.0 
SCALE: NOT TO SCALE 
ME CI 
OR OW' LW 
MORO 
.1.TER ra 
c•O•••• 
teriveris 
'Reviseer 
everavvra 
r • • • • • • • 
vv., 
• 
I-
t[ ,4..« 
POST 
• KC Lenz 
MIX cCal 
C. Cica• IK 
a—. 
DOUBLE EROSION CONTROL FENCING 
META. FORE POST 
• 10* 
PAE 
A 
 TYPICAL SEDIMENT 
SILT SCREEN DETAIL 
C2.0 
C2 0 
SCALE: NOT TO SCALE 
WEARINGCOURSE 
BASE COURSE 
"4' 
CRUSHED GRAM 
BASE 
GRAVEL SUBBASE 
UNISSTURBEDS01. 
ROta000NtRETE TO 
PREVENT PONDING WATER 
e'er
SC.E
PIPEDFILLED 
w, CONCRETE 
FACE OF legs OF 
AUGERED HOLE OR 
TUBE FORM 
STEEL PIPE BOLLARD 
C2.0 C2.0 
SCALBOT TO SCALE 
E 
D 
C 
B 
REHSFIerc 
CORICULTnicl',
JDG 
Jaredian Design Group 
No 33 Oroncingarel Gads' • 0.taan's ()Jana, 
Pest OVICA Pon 6218 
St II-01'o[ U.S. 
ICarct CCS.03 
Viccisco 340 /II 1630 
NO 111 1001 
c nal 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS ASS 
LITTLE ST JAMES US.V.I 
[Naar. BY 
tmECTRED BY. 
acSROVEDDY 
10-20-15 
KRB 
KR B. 
w 
F•a...ECT TIG 
15-001 
CCO'Racr 
SHE 
SITE DETAILS 
C2.0 
EFTA00808087
--- PAGE 5 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
T-0' 
OUT LINE OF 
RIGID FRAME 
STEEL COLUMN 
ABOVE 
PIER DETAIL 
(12)05 VERTICAL 
#3 TIES * 8" 
0.0 (2) TIES 
AT TOP OF 
PIER TYPICAL 
50.0 Iscto 
SCALE 1%1%0' 
VERTICAL BARS 
STIRRUPS 
BOTTOM BARS 
TOP BARS OR 
CONTINUOUS BARS 
IN A SPREAD FOOTING 
COLUMN AND FOOTING 
DIAGRAM DETAIL 
so") 'sae 
SCALE: NOT TO SCALE 
FOOTING SCHEDULE 
YANG 
CIMIIRCNB 
U3NOITUCINN- PIMP 
OBER FEWCACELENT 
16M6 
V IL I  X 0* 
BOTTOM 
TCP 
F' 
T-0. 3 r4Tx • 4.
•19135 
(19115 
xi MATT 10 (F 0.C. 700YETI DOA 
BOTHWAYS 
roonue CENTERED OR PER 
COLUMN AND PIER SCHEDULE 
a 
01I0 
FEEPTICSINT 
ISIS 
V 
V 
an. 
al, 
Cl 
T-0•%P+ 
16)05 
113 eV 0.0 
P1 
7-010'4' 
02)05 
♦36S • OC 
CONCRETE BEAM SCHEDULE 
imIK 
i 1 Z I 
rescRalarr 
Vat 
IlDia 
IV i IT 
TV 
VDT 
all 
AT 
12r 10 
,.310 
Vet 
113O 4 5' FOR FIRST AND LAST 25%0F BEATA LENGTH TOG 
FOR MONA 50% 414 TOP STEEL AT L/5 THE SPANVW0 C 
TYPICAL 
,2 * ui 
(LT•+ 
1lNS 
4: 8*
GRADE BEAM 
SLAB NOTES 
Al 
BI 
Cl 
6' CONCRETE SLAB TYPICAL 
REINFORCED WITH 6X6 -2.1X2.1 
WELDED WIRE FABRIC (uMP) 
ON 6 MIL POLY VAPOR BARRIER. 
TYPICAL T COVER 
FOR SLAB ON GRADE. 
12' CONCRETE SLAB REINFORCED WITH 
BARS AT 12' BOTHWAYS ON 6 MIL. 
POLY VAPOR BARRIER TYPICAL 3' COVER SLAB 
FOR SLAB ON GRADE. 
8" CONCRETE ROOF DECK 
TYPICAL REINFORCED 05 
6' O.0 TOP AND BOTTOM 
COVER TYPICAL. 
NOTES: 
1. ALL CONCRETE SHALL HAVE AN Fe OF 3000 PSI AT 28 DAYS 
2. ALL REINFORCING STEEL SHALL BE GRADE 60 OR Fy 60,000 PSI 
3. ALL CONCRETE WORK SHALL BE AS PER &C.!. CODE 
4. PROVIDE 3' MIN. COVER FOR SLABS BEAMS. AND FOOTINGS RESTING ON GRADE 
5. PROVIDE MIN. COVER FOR SLABS. BEAMS. AND COLUMNS AS PER A.C.I. CODE 
6. FORMS UNDER SLABS AND BEAMS SHALL REMAIN IN PLACE 14 DAYS MINIMUM 
7. ALL AGGREGATE SHALL BE CLEAN AND FREE OF ORGANIC MATTER 
8. DESIGN LOADS SHALL BE 100 LBS M. 
LIVE LOAD AND 65 LGSM. WIND LOADS 
9. ALL STRUCTURAL LUMBER SHALL HAVE AN FD OF 1300 M. MIN. 
10. ALL STRUCTURAL LUMBER SHALL BE GRADE MARKED FOR STRUCTURAL USE 
11. ALL LUMBER SHALL BE TREATED AGAINST TERMITES AND FUNGUS 
12. ALL MASONRY WALLS SHALL HAVE A MIN. VERTICAL REINF. W/ 05 AT 24' O.C. 
AND HORIZONTAL REINF. AT 16' O.C. 
13. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL NOTIFY THE ARCHITECT OF ANY DISCREPANCIES 
IN THE DRAWINGS PRIOR TO THEIR CONSTRUCTION . 
14. ALL FILL DIRT SHALL BE COMPACTED TO 95% DENSITY MINIMUM 
t5. FABRICATE STIRRUPS WITH A 135 DEGREE HOOK AROUND VERTICAL BARS TYPICAL 
LEGEND 
FCJ 
FLOOR CONTROL JOINT 
ENV 
FM TM 
SLAB BASE 
REFERENCE 
ELEVATION NO. 
11° .
SLAB 
ELEVATION NO. 
V/ 7/7 ///4 
O 
LINE INDICATES BOTTOM 
STEEL 
TEMPERATURE 
STEEL IN SLAB 
INDICATED OUTLINE 
OF FOUNDATION 
FOOTING BELOW 
INDICATED OUTLINE OF 
WALL ABOVE FOOTING 
#4 TOP BARS AT 
24' 0.0 TYPICAL 
AT LENGHT/5 THE 
BAY SPAN 
CHANGE IN SLAB 
ELEVATION 
LEGEND 
REINFORCED CONCRETE WALL 
6' OR 4" STUD FRAMED WALL 
REINFORCED MASONRY WALL 
i'0 RAIN WATER LEADER 
IN WALL 
OR COLUMN 
THE GENERAL CONTRACTOR IS RESPONSIBLE FOR 
THE MEANS AND METHODS OF CONSTRUCTION. 
THEY SHALL FOLLOW 
ALL THE MANUFACTURER RECOMMENDATIONS 
AND REQUIREMENTS FOR THE BRACING AND 
SHORING OF THE POURED CONCRETE 
WALL SYSTEMS 
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
RVASIONS 
NO: 
DATE 
NEM4FnS 
COPS 
NIT.. 
)aredian Design Group 
No 33 Drocringcra Gado . 0.taan8 0.888( 
PrAt 01/13A 84. 6218 
U.S. Trunlcur0r. 0001)1 
tc10Conc 343 III 1"03 883 140 111 1631 
c maT 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS ABC 
LITTLE Sr ALES DS VI 
DATE 
10-20-15 
on.vnter. 
K.R.B. 
0001EDITY. 
N.R.B. 
APPROVED BY: 
PROJECT HO 
15001 
CONTRACT /0 
EIKET IAD 
S0.0 
SCHEDULES 
EFTA00808088
--- PAGE 6 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
FUTURE R.O. 
EQUIPMENT 
?ct a 
\ 
\\ 
\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ 
EDGE OF 
BUILDING A 
OUTLINE Of FOOTING 
BELOW 
410 PVC DRAINAGE PIPE 
BELOW SLAB RUN TO DAY 
LIGHT 
COAT BACK OF WALL WITH 
(3) COATS OF BITUMINOUS 
WATER PROOFING 
MEMBRANE AND INSTALL 
ENKA-DRAIN DRAINAGE 
MATT. 
28*-2 3/8-
SEE SLAB NOTE 61 
STORAGE 
1.1 
O 
FIRST FLOOR R.O. 
BUILDING FOUNDATION PLAN 
SCALE: 3/1 6. = I '-O" 
51.0 151.0 
SEE SHEET SO.O FOR NOTES AND SCHEDULES 
I 
PERFORATED ED PVC 
DRAINAGE PIPE ENCASED 
IN GRAVEL 
OUTLINE OF FOOTING 
BELOW 
CONCRETE RETAINING 
WALL 
:? 
SEE NOTE ;\\‘. 
12, 
NOTE: 
CONTRACTOR SHALL COAT NEW AND 
A PORTION OF EXISTING WALL WITH 
BITUMINOUS MEMBRANE AND INSTALL 
ENKA-DRAIN DRAINAGE MATT AND 
412/ PVC PERFORATED PIPE. 
EXISTING 
 RETAINING 
WALL 
LOCATION OF 
 EXISTING 
TRANSFORMER 
E 
D 
C 
PRO.ECT no. 
PENSIONS 
NO: ale 
JDG 
jaredian Design Group 
144.33 0ronringer. Gado - 04440 Quaffs 
Pat Mc* Box 6218 
St. Thomas, U.S. Vitgin Irlancis 004C4 
Siphon: 340.7711600 fait 340.771.160I 
not our me In ernes 0:61.40 PM. AR frit 
Mt NORM 
a.OMOI ~OW 
MU tures. 
IOT 
inipoinibriii 
-M. 
Nand. e, 
Cinen• 
VianCeenii 
To 
A 
O VIII CO•t•CallOt IC VIC If •ffifiteiGi OS TN Cy 
MIN 00.1060. /MAW %MO,  Mkt opt Maw Int 
met 
aulam vim sexy ro atrcer al Liman 
rt. iory en 
Ci41.91i<Owitmtl MTN 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
I ll Ill 
;;T 
I
10-20-15 
KR B. 
INS 
15-001 
CCNMaGT In: 
S1.0 
ST FLOOR RO BLDG 
FOUNDATION PLAN 
EFTA00808089
--- PAGE 7 ---
PENNONS 
U 
FUTURE R.O. 
EQUIPMENT 
EXISTING 
SLAB 
EDGE OF 
BUILDING A 
s1.1 I s1.1 
SEE SLAB 
NOTE CI 
28'-2 318' 
to
STORE ROOM ROOF SLAB PLAN 
SCALE: .3/1r= I '-0" 
SEE SHEET S0.0 FOR NOTES AND SCHEDULES 
CONCRETE RETAINING 
WALL 
S5 BOTTOM BARS AT 6- O.0 
If5 TEMP AT 6' O.0 
S4 TOP STEEL AT 12' O.0 
4%0' LONG 
O 
EXISTING 
RETAINING 
WALL 
LOCATION OF 
 EXISTING 
TRANSFORMER 
Jaredian Design Group 
NO.33 DIOONIpere Gado - O4244O Manor 
Pon OffIce Box 6218 
St Than. U.S. Vitgin Nand% CON:4 
deviant 34.177 1600 fa: 340377 1601 
oral: 
WM RAM NO 
OWINION.0.01 
9NZ ANION et SI. 
~NW 
Ilentaen. 
NISNONOWINNUI Nus MINN NINNIVN 
JIIINN, NUN 
Visinsnie 
Pau none A 
CLANINICO*04010k 
ANIMICNNINAIN 
TWIN NI.60040 NO NOW NW 'War./ 
taw 
austva won way ro nor 
ok 
It• 
tee, 00 Cl4t9N <Mimi) nern 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
1011Cfl ..AFIC 
1110 ;4 
U:.V1 
(TE 
10-20-15 
EHawuev.
K R B. 
O1LOCED BY 
E0 BY a 
PRQ.€CT no 
15-001 
00ertitaCT In: 
SHEET Na: 
S1.1 
STOREROOM ROOF 
SLAB PLAN 
EFTA00808090
--- PAGE 8 ---
E 
D 
Ca 
B 
A 
P1 
Fl 
1LT-8" 
201-0" 
200" 
20-O 
20c0-
O 
181-8' 
11.1 
e—tu 
LU
G 
P1 
P1 
F1 
SEE SLAB 
NOTE "Ar 
P1 
Fl 
a 
P1 
Fl 
\ —CONTINUOUS-/ 
CONTINUOUS 
FCJ 
GRAIN BEAM 
/
CONTRACTOR SHALL 
 REMOVE EXISTING BUILT 
VP GREEN ROOF FROM 
EXISTING ROOF DECK 
B2 
P1 
F1 
PI 
Fl 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I
MEP 
ZJ
I
T
z 
PROPOSED SECOND FLOOR 
SLAB FOUNDATION PLAN 
S1.2 
51.2 
SCALE: 3/I 6"= 1 '-0" 
SEE SHEET SO.O FOR NOTES AND SCHEDULES 
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
REVGIONS 
DATE: 
REWIES 
CC*OPIAINT4 
Iaredian Design Group 
No 33 Dmeeingeni Oahe- Cloaares ()Jade, / 
Peel Moe Box UM 
& Thomas, U.S. woos Imams EGON 
telephone: 340 TT? IMO Ivor 340 777 ROI 
44nal.
rift NAP. 
S [SS COO'S KS- 
S 
144 NTS If SOS MIS (SUP 11•34 /LS •••• 
PS 
SCASA, SCIAS 
SSP. 
PI 
ANIS MSS/ 
SASS 
UP 54/4, St' 
A 
PS 
CORTNATOI. lge OK P 
MS con,' 
nos Nn m W. 
hd
 ton IS AA nr 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LITTLE Sr ALES US.V.I 
CUTE 
ORAIVIT Se 
K.R.B. 
tmECKED 
An:ROVED BY: 
10-20-15 
K.RB. 
FROTEC T.113 
15001 
0.701TRECT '0 
FEET tq 
S1.2 
SECOND FLOOR 
SLAB/FOUNDATION 
EFTA00808091
--- PAGE 9 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
20-0' 
20%0' 
-/- 
20-0" 
201-0' 
2Cf-0' 
RO STORAGE 
ELECT/MCC 
CONTROL ROOM 
DISTRIBUTION 
PUMP ROOM 
R.O. 
EQUIPMENT 
L 
 J 
a 
FIRE PUMP 
ROOM 
EXISTING FIRST 
FLOOR R.O BUILDING 
A-1A1.0 A-1A1.0 
SCALE: 3/16"=1.-0-
FUTURE R.O. 
EQUIPMENT 
A3.1 
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
A 
REV4E3C0..0 
803: 
DALE: 
No.33 Dr0nitingilna Gad*. OarbreS Cluafiffr 
10.441011140 Sox 6248 
St 'Mena U.S. Virgin Iran's 00603 
teltrixao- 340.777 1600 far 240 Ill IOW 
c mai 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LIMA ST MASS U.S.V.I 
DATE 
10-20-15 
ORMINIliff 
K R B 
OfEOCED 
APPROVED 610 
PROECT NO. 
15.001 
CONTRACT NO 
SICO1404. 
A-1 A1.0 
EXISTING FIRST 
FLOOR PLAN RO BLDG 
EFTA00808092
--- PAGE 10 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
FUTURE R.O. 
EQUIPMENT 
C 
A-1AI.1 IA-1A1.1 
EDGE OF 
BUILDING 
A 
NEW CONCRETE 
INFILL WALL BETWEEN 
EXISTING 
BUILDINGS 
PROPOSED FIRST 
FLOOR R.O BUILDING 
SCALE: 3/16"o11-0-
2V-4 314* 
CORRIDOR 
I 
OUTLINE 
OF BEAM ABOVE 
SWITCH GEAR 
ROOM 
GENERATOR ROO 
I 
EXISTING 
 RETAINING 
WALL 
LOCATION 
OF 
 EXISTING 
TRANSFORMER 
E 
D 
C 
B 
11188510145 
NO: OAlt 
ROAARKS 
CCI. ;v1.1#111,3 
Jaredian Design Group 
NO.33 Ortionlaglne 008/ -10000811084~ 
Post MOO 801021e 
441. Tana WI Virgin Iamb 00011 
talepb3nr 3.10.777.1800 he: 340.777.1801 
wmai: 
MR RAM Sc IS COM 0,4000 PM.- lit 
1•11tIrt Of SI(9.1 
001: 
MT 
ISIONOW •Ncui 
WillluMINSio 
JOS•11•01. 
V.A,C.110 
WS ••••• • 
OM roe OtPetSilf %1t It MY /tea 001010 
09i4IN OA 40. Out noes NY. _slue 
vas, vacant Ode mato:wa 
no apt PROM <Mg, CPO uti Man mpum
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS ABC 
UTTEE ST ALES uSvt 
RUE 
CRAM BY 
cflEcx1 o ay 
NPROVE 0 BY 
10.20-15 
15-001 
DO/TACT1W 
star 
A-1A1.1 
PROPOSED 1ST FLOOR 
FLOOR RO BLDG 
EFTA00808093
--- PAGE 11 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
6'0 0900 
PVC PIPE 
FILLED WITH 
CONCRETE 
BOLLARDS 
201-0" 
2Cf-Cr 
2ct-o• 
201-0" 
181-8' 
Pr/ 
LL
LL
I 
CONTINUOUS FLOOR CONTROL JOINT -/". 
E 
C930 
PVC PIPE 
FILLED WITH 
Z./ 
CONCRETE 
BOLLARDS 
6' 0 0900 
PVC PIPE 
 FILLED WITH 
CONCRETE 
BOLLARDS 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I.
PROPOSED SECOND 
FLOOR R.0 BUILDING 
SCALE: 3/16"=1r-0" 
A- 2A1.0 A-2A1.0 
D 
C 
B 
A 
REVCOOt* 
0.41E 
OitiStAJNO,
JO( 
{aredian Design Group 
Althutt, Own., artl norm 
N3.33 Broome/ions Gado-Odeon% Quarter 
PC0t OW* Box 6218 
St Thomas. U.S. viva Khans etee04 
telephone: 340 ?TT 1600 law 340.717 ISOI 
nth N.C.. 
' 04 ef SIN etVt“ti 'tie, St Me 
mrtan et Aro. ern. CA 0 OP octe ruire 
Fon s *amen e•prwan I. menu as* masa ea 
roman mu% ea. wan-Kat,. a 
a...imam 
Cum MI Cfm1.1•Tat 
Iv ma ROW% 
nos Rad ail 
/OF nillabY tat ICI Oa nem r 
paAtr• .ancinit••••••• 
TO al vat a youot 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MAINTENANCE 
BUILDING RENOVATION 
PROJECT 
PARCELS A134 
LITTLE Sr *LES us vi 
Co•TE 
3-31-15 
[NAVIN Be 
K.R.B. 
t.,ECKED BY. 
K . R . B .
AFfROVEDDY: 
FRO.ECT 110 
15.001 
COMRACT KO 
w_1O 
A-2A1.0 
PROPOSED SECOND 
FLOOR PLAN RO BLDG 
EFTA00808094
--- PAGE 12 ---
E 
D 
Ci 
B 
A 
O 
O 
1LT-8" 
201-0' 
O 
20%0" 
2a-o• 
O 
20-0 
-1 
18,-& 
z
At 
ROOF PLAN R.O BUILDING 
A-3.41.0 A-3A1.0 
SCALE: 3/16" 1 - 
C3.1 
ALUMINUM BOX 
 aUTTER ASSEMBLY E 
GABLED 
END 
WALL 
D 
C 
NEW PRE-FINISHED METAL 
ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
VINYL INSULATION 
ALUMINUM BOX 
UTTER ASSEMBLY 
B 
NO: DATE 
laredian Design Group 
No 33 rkonalogana Cada - Thomas o 
Pont 0Mo3 Box 6218 
St Thomas, U.B. Virgin Wards OCOOS 
t tiepacco: 340 7T7 16001 
has: 340 TIT 030, 
-
a
t
-
"
-
t
•
.
e
,
•
^
,
-
e•fie• q1•0 se • • .• 
Clef 'IA (tee...4144 , C 
an rt. 
MK NM *en hal %MS left 
' • 
wia, sesta cos it 
rouruo. 
Sp el.b•SIM (roes 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AS.0 
Lane ST AWES US vi 
DATE 
10-20-15 
DONN 
K.R.B. 
040(10 BY. 
K.R.B. 
APPROVED BY: WIN 
PROECT NO: 
15.001 
CONTRACT PO 
Sur .n 
A-3A1.0 
PROPOSED ROOF 
PLAN RO BLDG 
EFTA00808095
--- PAGE 13 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
O 
O 
O 
SWITCH GEAR 
ROOM 
GENERATOR ROOM 
CORRIDOR 
- 3 
FP EQUIPMEN" 
ROOM 
614" 
EXISTING FIRST FLOOR 
GENERATOR BUILDING 
SCALE: 3/16'=1'-0" 
8-1A1.0 8—M1.0 
EXISTING 
 RETAINING 
WALL 
LOCATION OF 
 EXISTING 
TRANSFORMER 
E 
D 
C 
B 
No 33 Cronningard, Gado - Osiris Chiang( 
Pool Glum Box 6218 
St 'Mena U.S. Virgin laa4o 00004 
telephone: 340 711 1600 far 2.40117 IOD I 
a-mol: 
FIEWSIOnr,
803: 
CATre, 
cei0uL nvi 
laredian Design Group 
CUM I' SI CP4VISCIPA Tie use le An /MIN 41.1•P• 
Mi k/INI 
NM FIT MIPS MAU NM' et MI In' 
tar .1••••••11••• 0...1 TO en rat . firon,
IC• 
ER P. 01.$9•1 (004•11 nto, 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
MUMMY° US.V.I 
DAIE 
10-20-15 
CeXMIlit 
K R B 
0.00(1011v 
K 
APPROVEDBI0 MIN 
PROECT NO: 
15-001 
CalllIACT PO 
SHEET 1430 
B-1A1.0 
EXISTING FIRST FLOOR 
FLOOR GENERATOR 
EFTA00808096
--- PAGE 14 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
L 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
6' 0 C900 
PVC PIPE 
FILLED WITH 
CONCRETE 
BOLLARDS 
11-0" 
17-0* 
101-0.
6" 0 CS® 
PVC PIPE 
FILLED WITH
CONCRETE 
BOLLARDS 
20%0' 
114" 
EXISTING 
RETAINING WALL 
ENCLOSURE 
AROUND EXISTING 
TRANSFORMER 
BELOW 
O 
— 
4, se 
c 
PROPOSED SECOND FLOOR 
GENERATOR BUILDING 
0-2A1 0 0-2A1.0 
SCALE: 3/16%1.-0" 
—\—
O 
O 
O 
E 
C 
B 
1•17•11,63•1, 
No 
OAT: 
OCC15,1,1W0.. 
1aredian Design Group 
Nu 33 Drocringura Gall • 0.taan3. 
Pc6I 01/314 84.6118 
U.S. Vrgin16.2.4:13:604 
1641.4m: '40 III 16001.66 140 in 1031 
c mat 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS6614 
LIMA Sr WOES US VI 
ocTe 
10-20-15 
[NAM ev 
K.R.B. 
ecECREDBY. 
KREs. 
.1F1430VED816 
FRK,..CCI119 
15.001 
SHE 
B-2A1 .0 
PROPOSED SECOND 
FLOOR GENERATOR 
EFTA00808097
--- PAGE 15 ---
E 
C 
B 
A 
19'4' 
20%0' 
EXISTING 
RETAINING WALL 
ENCLOSURE 
AROUND EXISTING 
TRANSFORMER 
BELOW 
19'.1" 
ROOF PLAN 
GENERATOR BUILDING 
8-3A1.0 B-3A1.0 
SCALE: 3/16- - I .-0” 
• 0 
ro
it? 
NEW PRE•FINISHED METAL 
ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
VINYL INSULATION 
ALUMINUM 
BOX GUTTER 
ASSEMBLY 
E 
C 
B 
A 
AEVC-40,4 
Rc .AAAAAS 
1aredian Design Group 
No 33 Domelegons Gado • 0.guin's Otlartihr 
Post ethos 
6.7IS 
St 'Thomas. U.S. Virgin 
00304 
telephone: 340 Trt WOO t 
• ?AO TT, 1601 
new. 0../s4 
14C Ct904(Wratnlitetl. 
ne 
:04 
Cl XICUnCtal•41).• 
14.4,6 
nacesononcial fr• Am Mut monua. 
taie aim Oten. i•Wne.140 
 Airte A 
cnn 
torns•nai 
Iran in.* 
rap 
natiC•ad.4*.u..Atif nista ibui.L.pel anew 
us,04•AntAncon Arra TO no Am 
non. 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LITTLE Sr MMES US.V.I 
CUTE 
10-20-15 
[NAVIN ee 
K.R.B. 
tmECKEDBY. 
KRB. 
AFfROVEDSY: 
FRO.ECT110
15'001 
0: 017Ati•cr aQ 
SHE 
1.D 
B-3A1 .0 
ROOF PLAN 
GENERATOR BLDG 
EFTA00808098
--- PAGE 16 ---
E 
C 
B 
A 
TOP OF 
STEEL 
c9 
z 
co 
z 
w 
FIRST FLOOR 
BASEMENT 
t-1
TOP OF 
STEEL 
a 
LOUVERED EXHAUST 
FAN VENT 
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 
NEW PRE-FINISHED METAL 
 ROOFING SYSTEM WITH ® 
VINYL INSULATION 
PRE-FINISHED 
METAL SIDING 
a 
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 
EXISTING PAINTED 
PLASTER CONCRETE 
WALLS 
LOUVERED VENTS 
L 
-
BUILDING A EAST ELEVATION 
A-A2.O I A-A2.O 
O 
O 
SCALE: 3/1 5-= 1' -0" 
iii wur 
O
NEW PRE.FINISHED METAL 0 
ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
VINYL INSULATION 
PRE-FINISHED 
METAL SIDING 0 
HMI 
iii 
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I iii 
EXISTING ROOF 
DECK LEVEL 
LOUVER EXHAUST 
FAN VENT 
TOP OF 
STEEL 
BUILDING A WEST ELEVATION 
A-A2.0 I A-A2.0 
SCALE: 3/16"n 1' -0" 
LOUVERED 
EXHAUST FAN 
VENT 
C 
B 
A 
c£: SCrst. 
NO: 
ONIE 
KtAtt.ss 
'NO.. 
JDG 
Iaredian Design Group 
NO 33 Dronringura Gada . 0.taan8 044u( 
Post OftlOs P4. 6118 
St 14cma4 U.S. Vron 18.4648 C.:604 
teccIscno 340 I II 1603 fax! ::10 111 I(011 
c 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS A/114 
UTILE Sr ALES US.V.I 
Colt 
10-20-15 
CRAM Etlf. 
K.R.B. 
e0ECXEDI84 
K,R.B.
.upROVEDBN 
EMI 
PRO.ECt .44 
15.001 
CONTRACT NO 
5kEet PoS 
A-A2.0 
BUILDING ELEVATIONS 
R.O BUILDING 
EFTA00808099
--- PAGE 17 ---
d 
O 
f. 
1111 111 II 
619 C900 PVC PIPE 
FILLED WITH 
CONCRETE BOLLARDS 
EXISTING SLOPED 
ROOF SLAB 
NEW RETAINING 
WALL 
TOP OF 
STEEL 
TOP OF 
PARAPET WALL 
FIRST FLOOR 
A 
BASEMENT 
It
PRE-FINISHED 
METAL SIDING 
A-A2.1 
A-A2.1 
BUILDING A 
NORTH ELEVATION 
SCALE: 3/16-= -cr 
NEW PRE-FINISHED METAL 
ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
VINYL INSULATION 
NEW PRE-FINISHED METAL 
ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
VINYL INSULATION 
BUILDING A 
SOTH ELEVATION 
L 
SCALE: 3/16"= 1*-0 -
A-A2.1 I A-A2.1 
EXISTING CONCRETE 
WALL TO BE PAINTED 
TOP OF 
STEEL 
TOP OF 
PARAPET WALL 
EXISTING 
ROOF DECK 
LEVEL 
FIRST FLOOR 
613 C900 PVC PIPE 
FILLED WITH 
CONCRETE BOLLARDS 
EXISTING SLOPED 
OOF SLAB 
EXISTING PAINTED 
PLASTER CONCRETE 
WALLS 
NEW CONCRETE 
INFILL. STORAGE 
ROOM BETWEEN 
EXISTING BUILDINGS 
EXISTING CONCRETE 
WALL TO BE PAINTED 
PRE-FINISHED 
METAL SIDING 
HEAVY DUTY 
ROLL UP DOOR 
ASSEMLBY 
EDGE OF 
EXISTING BUILDINC 
LOUVERED EXHAUST 
FAN VENT 
_ss 
INFILL STORAGE ROOM 
BETWEEN EXISTING BUILDINGS 
FIRST FLOOR ONLY 
CONCRETE PARAPET 
\
 WALL 
CD 
EDGE OF 
EXISTING BUILDING 
tl 
A—A2.1 I A—A2.1 
LOUVERED EXHAUST 
VENT 
LOUVERED EXHAUST 
FAN VENT 
BUILDING A 
PARTIAL EAST ELEVATION 
SCALE: 3/16"o 1 I-0 -
REVISION' 
MO 
f,, 
cris,:t 'Nos 
Mredian Design Group 
Cass war 
ISAI 33 orooNnons Roo - CIONWS WOW 
POSI 0Moo Box eal8 
St Timm. U.S. Virgln lands CMOS 
telegram 340.777 WOO In: 340.777 It01 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LITTLE ST AMES 051.1.1 
DA1E 
10-20-15 
ORA.m.BE 
K R B 
OtE0t.ED Br 
K 
APPROVEDEr: 
15.001 
SWE1 
A-A2.1 
BUILDING ELEVATIONS 
R.0 BUILDING 
EFTA00808100
--- PAGE 18 ---
TOP OF 
STEEL 
E 
TOP OF 
eTh_ 
PARAPET WALL 
D 
FIRST FLOOR 
PRE.FINISHED 
METAL SIDING 
NEW PRE-FINISHED METAL 
 ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
VINYL INSULATION 
b 
BASEMENT
C 
B 
BUILDING B 
NORTH ELEVATION 
B -A2 0 B -A2 0 
SCALE: 3/16"= I'-0"
EXISTING PAINTED 
PLASTER CONCRETE 
WALLS 
EXISTING SLOPED 
-
ROOF SLAB 
TOP OF 
STEEL 
P. 
TOP OF 
PARAPET WALL 
FIRST FLOOR 
PRE-FINISHED 
METAL SIDING 
NEW PRE-FINISHED METAL 
 ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
VINYL INSULATION 
NEW CONCRETE 
RETAINING W 
WITH WATERPROOF 
MEMBRANE COATING 
AND ENKADRAIN 
MEMBRANE 
PJ-
LOCATION OF INFILL 
STORAGE ROOM 
BETWEEN 8OTH 
BUILDINGS 
BUILDING B 
SOUTH ELEVATION 
EXISTING PAINTED 
PLASTER CONCRETE 
WALLS 
A
, 
I
), 
VE GRADE 
B-A2D I B-A2.0 
SCALE: 3/16"-1'-0" 
E 
C 
B 
A 
A 
PENSIONS 
NO 
ONIE 
Iaredian Design Group 
NJ 33 Exonrtingons Gado • 0.,aan's 
Posl °Mop En. 6118 
St lbornas. U.S. Virgin IPEre CPEAN 
IttepEcepp: mo.rnirAo tat LO (ft f601 
<eel: 
[ism 101 OPPIPPaiN 
(PAVAN PNVA. ran, 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LITTLE Sr WOES US.V.I 
(NT( 
10-20-15 
LAM MSe 
K.R.B. 
tmECKED BY. 
Kits. 
ANPPOVED 
IM 
PENECi /IC. 
15.001 
COMEAUKO 
HEE 
B-A2.0 
BUILDING ELEVATIONS 
GENERATOR 
EFTA00808101
--- PAGE 19 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
EDGE OF 
( 
EXISTING A BUILDING 
=== 
TOP OF 
STEEL 
INFILL STORAGE ROOM 
BETWEEN EXISTING BUILDINGS 
co 
TOP OF 
PARAPET WALL 
IM 
FIRST FLOOR 
BASEMENT 
BUILDING B 
WEST ELEVATION 
LOUVERED EXHAUST 
FAN VENT 
LOUVERED EXHAUST 
FAN VENT 
NEW PRE-FINISHED METAL 
ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
NVL INSULATION 
Ni
q 
I
I
PRE-FINISHED 
METAL SIDING 
EXISTING SLOPED 
ROOF SLAB 
J 
B-A2.1 I B-A2.1 
SCALE: 3/16"=1'-0-
I
TOP OF 
STEEL 
TOP OF 
eTh 
PARAPET WALL 
FIRST FLOOR 
T  
PRE-FINISHED 
METAL SIDING 
NEW PRE-FINISHED METAL 4' 
RVIOO
NyFL NINGsuSYLASTEM
ONWITH 
?ir
LOUVERED —
EXHAUST VENT 
B—A2.1 I B—A2.1 
BUILDING B 
EAST ELEVATION 
SCALE: 3/16"=11-0 .
BASEMENT 
LOUVERED EXHAUST 
VENT 
6"0 C900 PVC PIPE FILLED 
WITH CONCRETE BOLLARDS 
EXISTING SLOPED 
ROOF SLAB 
HEAVY DUTY 
ROLL UP 
DOOR ASSEMBLY 
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
REYSIO 
C.01a4.1MTS 
laredian Design Croup 
N0 33 Dr000,004.0 Gad.- agar,. 0 
Post OW* Sox ENS 
St 
U.S. Virgin Wands CORN 
teennes: 340.777 1600 In: 340277 1SO I 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
Lane ST LASES aS.V.I 
DATE
10-20-15 
DRAM Bit. 
K R B 
OfEOCED Br. 
K 
APPROVED BY: 
PRO.ECT NO: 
15-001 
CONTRACT 00.-
ENIE7 
B-A2.1 
BUILDING ELEVATIONS 
GENERATOR 
EFTA00808102
--- PAGE 20 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
I 
TOP OF 
STEEL 
STRUCTURAL STEEL 
PURLINS 
PRE.FINISHED METAL 
SIDING WITH VINYL 
FACE INSULATION 
ROOF DECK 
I 
STRUCTURAL STEEL 
PURLINS 
NEW PRE-FINISHED METAL 
ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
VINYL INSULATION 
PRE-ENGINEER-
STRUCTURAL STEEL 
FRAME ASSEMBLY 
EXISTING SLAB AND 
GREEN ROOF 
SLOPED AT £ PER 
FOOT 
• 
fV 
FIRST FLOOR 
CONCRETE 
PIER 
.
.
.
BASEMENT 
I. 
CROSS SECTION 
BUILDING B 
SCALE: 1/4".1'-O" 
A3.0 I A.3.0 
I 
E 
C 
B 
881.1210143 
01.4E 
K80888 
OSPORS./An 
Jaredian Design Group 
33 Dronringura Gads • 0.taans 
POSI 01/104 8.6218 
184818t U.S. Vrgint8.1418 66804 
1480464 340 
WOO lax . 
1111CO1 
c nal: 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LITTLE ST ALES USW 
10.20-1S 
[NAOS ey 
K R B 
C-te<8144 
KR g.
..r£Rc+E>eV 
la
W.
FRO.831110 
0,1 7,34GT 
15001 
588E:10 
A3.0 
BUILDING SECTIONS 
EFTA00808103
--- PAGE 21 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
TOP OF 
STEEL 
EXISTING BUILDING 
ROOF DECK 
• 
FIRST FLOOR 
BASEMENT LEVEL 
CROSS SECTION 
BUILDING A 
SCALE: 1/4-.1.-cr 
A3. I I A.3.1 
EXISTING SLAB AND 
GREEN ROOF 
SLOPED AT r PER 
FOOT 
NEW PRE•FINISHED METAL 
ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
VINYL INSULATION 
CONCRETE 
PIER 
E 
C 
B 
.E'..C4OSS 
04TE 
JDG 
Iaredian Design Group 
Na 33 Drorringure. Gada • 0.taan• 0.4448 
10.61 0064 84. 6218 
St TINmat U.S. Won I6ance COONS 
1444004.48 340 III WOO lax. 210111 1001 
c mat 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS A134 
Lane Sr MMES US.V.i 
CUTE 
10-20-15 
CIRAWN Be 
K.R.B. 
tmECREDBY. 
K.R.B. 
,‘FfROVEDBY 
W 
FRO.EC I11) 
15-001 
•C) 
SHEE rn 
-
A3.1 
BUILDING SECTIONS 
EFTA00808104
--- PAGE 22 ---
6' ALL 
E WITH (2) COATS OF 
COAT BACK OF WALL 
BITUMINOUS MEMBRANE 
TOPPING 
4'47 
ENKADRA N  
DRAINAGE MATT 
I 
I 
I I I
I
I
I
I
I 
I-11-11 
I 
HI 
IF 
III-
IIIIII_II111_1 
10000400.-10000
000C 
00000
°
C
ir
g0g0g0g0
0°
g 0°
: 
) 0 0 0  0 0  0 
C 
I
_3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 C 
- 
—0000000C 
0000000 
.
0000000C 
000000 
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 C 
•0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 C 
) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 C
- 3A 0 :1-0 -C ery
00-000
, 0
0000 
0 
0o 0 
on 
o_o 
0 0 
a 
MEMMInntliaMMEEffiellgV_Will 
,1i-ill OA 
I 
Itt 
!de
iti?j 
4- 4-
, 
i 
; ) 
. 
., 
a 
i 
i • :el° • • ••
•
•• .. 4. . ‘ 
i 1 
I 
METAL FLASHING WITH 
TERMINATION 
SINGLE-PLY 
MEMBRANE 
SLAB NOTE CI 
a 
• 
* 
• 
• 
St.
• a • 
C. 
• 
• 
■ 
12` CONCRETE WALL 
AT 12' 0.0 
#5 AT 8" 0.0 
WS MATT 12'0.0 
PVC WATER STOP 
2X4 KEYWAY 
1%0' 
15: 
OUTLINE OF BEAM IN 
THE BACKGROUND 
BEAM BI 
OUTLINE OF COLUMN IN 
THE BACKGROUND 
a. 
ea 
• 
a 4 
•
a 
er 
• 
▪ 
•
• a 
• 
e• 
a • 
•
4  
a • 
a 
• 
a 
a
a 
a 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
el • 
• 
• 
4"0 PERFORATED 
- 
DRAINAGE PIPE 
ENCASED IN GRAVEL 
A 
4"0 PERFORATED 
DRAINAGE PIPE 
BELOW SLAB 
I 
CROSS SECTION 
SLAB NOTE BI 
A3.2 I A3.2 
SCALE: 3/4- • 1.-0" 
r
♦ 
I 
• 
111 
I I I 
I I 
CAP FLASHING 
METAL CLEAT 
#5 VERTICAL AT 8' 0.0 
•4 AT 12'0.0 
1T CONCRETE WALL 
1/4 AT 17. O.0 
#5 AT 8. 0.0 
PVC WATER STOP 
2X4 KEYWAY 
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
No 33 Crooningon. Goilo - Oheme Oahu( 
POSIOMee Bac 6218 
St TSWINSL U.S. Virgin mos CCOIS 
telephone: 340.777.1600 In: 340177.1601 
teat 
REVEIOnr,
CCUSUlt MI I 
Mredian Design Group 
ISM PON, SO Vie CONS COMIC. itre, 
t• 
tanoner. N 400“a• fah 
nk., • 
Is 0.000a.nan 
•• . 
.N0. Dna no alUTIC•ple 
Mal 
aletl$1.VIS 
P 
$ 
114C KY{ CA NA WI' NOW be& 
• 
Nur -.all Eon soy tow ea- - 
PM IM$ 
O. 
Vit.$ WS( ne • . 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LIM! ST AMES U4V.I 
DATE 
DRAWN BY: 
040CED 
10-20-IS 
K R B 
K tb 
APPROVED BY: am 
PROECT NO: 
154307 
CONTRACT 40 
SHEET la: 
A3.2 
BUILDING SECTION 
EFTA00808105
--- PAGE 23 ---
E 
C 
B 
METAL FLASHING WITH 
TERMINATION BAR 
;17-
SINGLE-PLY
E'f 
V
TOFPIPLLING 
• 
• 
• 
• 
g 
• 
• 
ae 
• 
'
'''  o  
/
BEAM 81  
 OUTLINE OF BEAM IN 
i
c 
A 
THE BACKGROUND 
OUTLINE OF COLUMN IN 
THE BACKGROUND 
#5 MATT 12' 0.0 
=i 
ant i 
Imo. ICI 
rrgil 
I 
I. 
el, 
J 
. 
. 
. 
4, itcr 4, 
a 
a 
.• 
=4
" 
l—r T 
HI
I
I
I 
I 
• 
• 
a 
TheNs•- 
VAPOR BARRIER 
4'0 PERFORATED 
DRAINAGE PIPE 
BELOW SLAB 
CROSS SECTION 
SCALE: 3/4"=1'—On
A3.3 I A3.3 
METAL FLASHING WITH 
TERMINATION BAR 
SINGLE-PLY 
MEMBRANE 
SLAB NOTE CI 
=SgT7
1=TrtfrL=
To' 
ea 
/
.64
• a 
4 a 
• 
• 
/ 
/t 
I I 
I I I 
I I I-I I Ill/ 
I 
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
REWE.Ionr,
840: 
DATE 
jaredian Design Group 
I 
NJ 33 Dronningdmi Gad. - Que•AV WSW 
Paoli °Mot Sat 5218 
& 'Mena U.S. Virgin wanes COWS 
Nita ara' 340.777 1600 In: Mill 
1601 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LITTLE ET AMES US.V.I 
DATE 
10-20-15 
DRAWNSv 
K.R.B. 
O4O•D BY. 
K.R.B. 
APPROVED BY: 
PROECT NO: 
15801 
CONTRACT PO. 
scum 
A3.3 
BUILDING SECTION 
EFTA00808106
--- PAGE 24 ---
E 
DOOR %MOULD 
00OR 
DESCRIPTION 
TYPE TITY 
81,7 
HARDWARE 
einE KKK PLATES 
REWORKS 
, 
, 
(n) 
HOLLOW METAL 
76' 90" 
HOLLOW METAL DOOR AND FRAME 
.0 
ROLLED DOWN SHUTTER 
216' 120" 
POWER OPERATED WITH
MANUAL OVERRIDE 
O 
ROLLED DOWN SHUTTER 
216. 120• 
POWER OPERATED WITH 
MANUAL OVERRIDE 
TC) ROLLED DOWN SHUTTER 
216' 192' 
POWER OPERATED WITH 
MANUAL OVERRIDE 
CD ROLLED DOWN SHUTTER 
216' 192' 
POWER OPERATED WITH 
MANUAL OVERRIDE 
oT=I HOLLOW METAL 
76' 90" 
HOLLOW METAL DOOR AND FRAME 
E 
D 
D 
C 
C 
B 
B 
A 
REWE.Ionr. 
MO: 
DATE'. 
C.O115VITANTS. 
Taredian Design Group 
raw... war 
NJ 33 Crooningons Gad.- Qu66O Quart. 
Post Office Box 6218 
& Thomas. U.B. VIrgIn IsOands COWS 
tetegvne. 34D.7Tr 1600 Igor 340.777 1601 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
UM! ST web US v 
DATE 
10-20-15 
01010111^. 
K.R.B. 
OfEOCED BY. 
K.R.B. 
APPROVED6r. 
PROECT NO. 
15.001 
CCtaltder MO 
SHEET Na: 
SCHEDULES 
EFTA00808107
--- PAGE 25 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
PRE-FINISHED METAL 
SIDING WITH VINYL 
FACE INSULATION 
STRUCTURAL STEEL 
PURLINS 
E 
a 
a 
a 
PRE-ENGINEER 
STRUCTURAL STEEL 
FRAME ASSEMBLY 
PRE-FINISHED METAL 
ROOF ASSEMBLY WITH 
VINYL FACED INSULATION 
WALL SECTION 
AS.0 
A5.0 
SCALE: 3/4...1 .-0" 
CONCRETE 
SLAB 
HEAVY DUTY ROLL UP 
GARAGE DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
WALL SECTION 
PRE•FINISHED METAL 
ROOF ASSEMBLY WITH 
VINYL FACED INSULATION 
STEEL CHANNEL 
HEADER 
CONCRETE 
FLOOR SLAB 
// 
• 
• • 
I II
/ 
\ 
PRE-MOLDED 
I 
JOINT FILLER 
I 
I 
PRE ENGINEER 
STRUCTURAL STEEL 
FRAME ASSEMBLY 
I
A5.0 
A5.0 
SCALE: 3/4"=1.-0" 
I 
WALL SECTION 
SCALE: 3/4-=I' -O• 
SIMILAR 
E 
D 
PRE-FINISHED 
METAL SIDING 
WITH VINYL FACE 
INSULATION 
STRUCTURAL 
STEEL PURLINS 
A5.0 
AS.0 
C 
B 
A 
14604405S 
Na. GATE 
01111.04S 
Iaredian Design Group 
No 33 Drocringura Gala • 0.6'488 0.44114( 
Pc6101504 84. 6218 
Itcm84 U.S. Vrgin183rar.13:44)4 
144.441.0n8 342 III 16021.06 140 in 1031 
c mat 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS 6/114 
LITTLE Sr MMES US VI 
40•TE 
10-20-15 
(RAVIN Se 
K.R.B. 
8cECXEDBY. 
Kits. 
ccf1110VEDDY: 
FRO.EC1.113,
15.001 
0301,640c 50 
SHEET 10 
A5.0 
WALL SECTIONS 
EFTA00808108
--- PAGE 26 ---
3X SOLID WOOD NAILER 
- 
NEOPRENE CLOSURE 
E 
PRE-FINISHED 
ALUMINUM GUTTER 
ASSEMBLY 
2X10 FASCIA WRAPPED 
WITH METAL  
PRE-FINISHED METAL 
SIDING WITH VINYL 
FACE INSULATION 
D 
C 
B 
A 
► 
NEW PRE-FINISHED METAL 
ROOFING SYSTEM WITH 
VINYL INSULATION 
VINYL FACED INSULATION 
Sl-
ROOF FLASHING DETAIL 
SCALE: 2'.1'-O' 
A5.1 
A5.I 
METAL SIDING 
METAL FLASHING 
EXISTING 
CONCRETE WALL 
DETAIL 
A5.I 
A.5.1 
SCALE: 2"..1*-0" 
PURLIN 
STRUCTURAL STEEL 
PURLINS 
\ 
\ 
Co
RIGID CAP FLASHING 
EAVE DETAIL 
STRUCTURAL STEEL 
PURL INS 
NEOPRENE CLOSURE 
X SOLID WOOD NAILER 
A.5.1 I A5.I 
SCALE: 2"=11-0-
• 
a 
• 
(3)15 TOP 
. 
PRE-MOLDED 
JOINT FILLER 
HORIZONTAL 
*5 AT It 0.0 
A5.1 
DETAIL 
teal r: 2. • I -0" 
A5.1 
PRE-MOLDED 
JOINT FILLER 
TIES ATLI' 0.0 
(3)45 BOTTOM 
E 
D 
C 
REVC40s,
NO: ON 
COMMTMIS 
Mredian Design Croup 
No 33 Droonlogat. Gado-0SW% 
Post 0Moo Sas DM 
& 'Mina U.S. Virgin I
 CCOIS 
teleoone: 340 77/1600 Ivor 340.777 ItO I 
•mal: 
• 16.Vt•r• 
JIMISPIS•• 
- 
NEU IS 
••• 
UAW -is. • 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
Unt• ST *AS US VI 
DATE 
10-20-15 
DRAWN Be 
K R B 
B 
0.SOCED Br 
APPROVED Dv. 
A 
MOSOTHO. 
15.001 
COMM= NO.. 
SHEET Ha 
A5.1 
DETAILS 
EFTA00808109
--- PAGE 27 ---
E 
D 
C 
VENTILATION FAN SCHEDULE 
UNIT DESIGNATION 
ARC SMED 
OPERATING YAW IBS. 
FM INTERUXIC 
EF-i 
STORAGE 
130 
THERMOSTAT 
CEIUNG 
EF-2.EF-3 
SEC» FLCCR 
BuLONG 'A' 
CO SISTER 
Er -4XF-5 
ACM 11.001 
NANG B.
CO SISWI 
L0Ø 
CUM 
ROUND 
FM TYPE 
ti-LIE 
2000 
IN-LiNf 
7500 
RE -LINE 
TOOL Pik CRT 
2400 
MK TYPE 
DACE 
ALT 
ORECT 
FM 15103. TYPE 
0041W. 
CENTRE. 
COTERIE. 
EMI TP SPOIA RPM MC 
- 
-
FAN SAM RNA 
TOOL STATIC RB'9µRE IN 6µ2o 
1110 
0.1$ 
549 
OA 
1725 
0.25 
₹ 
FAN ROTOR if (ION 0.01.0A0) 
1/3 
I -T/2 
3/4 
MI MOTOR STARTPR TYPE 
- 
A.T.L 
MA 
STARÆR FERNISTED µY 
- 
ACTINTICA 
MECHANCN. 
ELECENCR. MACE Radial 
1 514- 1 i-GOHE 
20EN-31- ROW 
208V-34-13014/ 
IMSCNRY/ROOF OPENING REOLARD 
4. 
COON UNNINICRWER 
GREENOCK 
CAMEO( 
GREDNECE 
DIMON INCR. MAO. MURDER 
WRAC SNITCH 
93-110-13 
TES 
850-300-15 
YES 
SCI-I.30-A 
113 
SMOKE IZTECTIAS (DUCT WM) 
- 
- 
FIRE DAMPER 
- 
- 
51W. 
SOW. 
i
communal
Slm 
BACXDRATT DAMPER 
YES 
YTS 
TES 
BRDSCREEN 
- 
- 
SMID STATE SPEED CONTROL 
- 
THERBOSTAT comma 
YES 
-
FACIORYCARCAIW OJRB 
SONS 
7.0 
11.2 
MEL 
I. NJ. F/46 STAL IIME MCA CAMEO DMZ 
IN-UNE FMS Sal BE FAKED 41111 WNW SPRING ARMOR 
ISOLATORS 
x AL FNIS AWL BE COATED IMIIPENNTICTOR mum 
SYM 
WC 
A 
APPLY 
B. 
ARAN 
AIR DISTRIBUTION SCHEDULE 
TA 
PEWESSOMES 
SIX 
GALE 
I.I 
GØNGE 
- 
AR 4t NOME NO 
TITUS 
212£3 
111115-3504L 
'‘' 
MASI 
OUNCE/ 
EMU. 
LOMA 
BM SCAM 
ORANNECE-0111-601 
B 
sum 
I. m. AR ENTREWON µEKES Siva BE OF WRING AMAIN CONSTRUCTER 
2. Date« ALL AR OSTROM/4 COKES Loa» WITH WNW REFLECTED COLIC PI.M. 
3. FµØ1 FOR ta AR OSTROM« CMS ~BEM SEIEVID EN AROPECT. 
A 
I 
AIR 
SYWBOt 
CONDITIONING 
LEGEND 
DESCRIPTION 
HVAC GENERAL NOTES 
000 
AR WOUND NTT 
1. 
THE AYR MU 6 TORE DONE uTP02 ETA ADA AWNS 
WT. 
BENM 
IRE FURNMENG Of µl La 
«RAS Na EINIPHOtt. 
FERIAS. FEES. INACTINSTESTS. MURREE. ETC KOMI RA 
CO 
CUUIC OMAR 
DC 0:PAU» Of TIE ‘01DEREDE SYSTOI Saw CrE ONINGS 
COLD 
CONEENSAIE 
NO/OR USIA BOAR. 
COIN 
MONTE 
2. 
OINMECECR Amu W.Afy SPACE WAWA AM 0µ1190F6 
CFO 
OBO FEET PER FINITE 
4447 5.1441. COMMIE CM MD NA OM WAS AT JOAN 
Ewa PR 
POOR TO NANA» AND NSTALLNDI OF CUCTARK. 
COAST ROASIER 
3, 
ATI. wax SALL EC COMMA NTH DTNFR WAS TO MOO 
ILA 
FEW 
FUL WO µPS 
fØ1 PER RNA 
INTIRFIZECE WIN PROGRESS 6 CONSTRuCa NB ITE 
~win 
inn Ill facial oxcs NO ~mos. 
E 
WINONA 
111» Sat BE OOZE N ~MC 
MM TRE LATEST MTN 
Ef TIC MANAMA DUBOW 03A AND ALL ton. CDC NO 
ER 
TOR 
ORDNERCES. 
IN. 
NCO 
R. 
=WE 
K17. 
IOLONUT 
LBS. 
POUNDS 
T. ALLY MARINT ALL NOES EGWIED4 AND NORNENCEP 
RR ONE (I) TIM TRW BATE Of ACCEPTANCE. 
NM. 
TIMIAN 
/C. 
AMER 
0.
COIMMOR SIMS COORONUE ALL 614EDIEG STAMAGN) 
0/A 
OUTSDI 
REOURDENTS PROR TO BD. 
RNA 
Wanda PER Dun 
7. 
SNOW SHOP Oftwa Ci ALL LIATERITIS NO EOUPIENT FOR 
ARM AR
~ROW& FRIER TO FKINCAIMI. 
KG. 
ARA NEE 
8. 
NI ClICT SIZES SWIM CH MANZ PRE CLEAR NSA NIENSEBS 
5/A 
ARV AR 
SR 
9CONU. ROOSER 
9. 
AR CISTRNIMCN SNLL BC AS »MED ON TIC CRADEGS 
OR N7PROTED EOM. 
ITN:~ 
TEE 
TOM Can Em 
KL 
D1611121( 
ER 
au's: REGNIER 
I "Awn WORM NED FITTNZ AAA BE ALAN MR 
NURSE CONSTRVCROK 00TH SEN. CUSS 8 SONS MD MPS 
D 
ceo 
OPPOSED BLISRO OWER 
INCWX Ø1C-tH~55 TURMNS WIC. WALK GAPERS. 
LORI 
E0141151 
FIEOEIL COmEC(ORS ACOUSTIC UMW. NO OMER SHEET KUL 
~RES 
FOR THE FRI:LP:CT VOLUME OMFERS TO EC OF 
FAA 
NU LON) INFERS 
OPPOSED PUCE C014TRUCITON. Pat OWEN MIAMI, 
SHEETTNEN. ACT4441.7 ER WORM VAL a 45 DECREE TAP 
us
OW NAB 
IC Da 
TARE-Off MEWS. 
8111/111 
DITCH DRAWL URABER 
StIEEL2220.ffigaSEnaZZE6 
T.C. 
MANER GALE 
I. »MR INSMAAIKWI. SERVIIMS NO EPOCH 6 CPERATIEML. 
AR EISIRHABE DESOLVEN 
CHEEK NI ENM« »0 PERINI SORT IP IN FCCERGACE 
VED 
AVM Mat 
CNN 
la ill WAUfACRAR'S iNSTRuCIDES. 
CP 
03PROL Rye 
2. AINCE AR VAIN TO DELNER MR NAUOMES AT POI CORO 
WAN 10i USNG AMC TESTS NID PROCEDURES 
SUPPLY COO SF£TAN 
3. 
TAG 441 EOUIPPABIL STRECIIES NED OKRAS RN PERiwaT 
VMS. 
(ZI 
E17µUST. RIURµ. CR OSSIX »7 
DUCT WC» 
FO 
LARK NIPµ 
FPS NADI MI SUABLE /CMS NA 
C 
WOAD) WPM 
—0 
CLCl ,01OØ ARIA MR TOPERMA 50401 
ANAL NOSIER »Ala 
AARON 
CMG AMR ITITH FR Fa WON 
EØ 
OR CLUNG CALE 
MI UP (SOME) 
MN COON (Sal) 
1.7 Oa NAVAHO DIES 
13)-
OUCT ROWED MC trECTO1 
UDR OR DOOR 
SECTIN A GUT 
»AMC ON Rat 501 
CARBON AMAX S0601 
OUTDOOR AIR REQUIREMENTS FOR VENTILATION (A.SHRA£ STANDARD 62.1-2010) 
AREA USG/MIM 
FLOOR AREA 
CCOPARCr 
Ma 
PURE OuTCOOR 
'KA OUTDOOR AR 
OA. MME FLO. 
OA R ma DON 
(CCELIPNIZY 
S.F. 
PERNF/loso Sr. 
PERSONS AR RUE MVP 
PATE ON/SF. 
CAT 
CAI PRAISED 
GIDDY(?) 
(.2) 
(h) 
(PI) 
(Bo) 
Glo) 
NO - NO 
RAT FLOOR 
STORAL 
850 
127.5 
2000 
SECOND FLOOR 
RULOGE A 
»CO 
10000 
15000 
SECOND FLOOR 
8111.014 8 
2403 
3603 
4800 
B 
kEV:i1Ø,C; 
0,.1E 
Iaredian Design Group 
N0.33 0(0001004rd Gadil OaHtn‘ 
Kul Omco Co.. 6218 
St Thomas U.S. Vugm luanck Ci»).; 
teleptone. 311~1 
107! 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
Unit ST JANES U.S.v.i 
Cu•TE 
cwrvNBe 
K.R.B. 
otiCKED8e. 
”fROVED BY 
10-20-15 
K.R.B. 
w 
FRO.“1110 
15-001 
COUTRACT HO. 
s..r.n ND.: 
MO.0 
MECHANICAL NOTES, 
LEGEND & SCHEDULES 
EFTA00808110
--- PAGE 28 ---
E 
C 
B 
A 
arks INLINE FAN SUPPORT DETAIL 
MI D.9. 1M 
I 
E 
D 
C 
B 
No.33 Dr 000logoos Gado • 0u n% Cluanis 
Pout Ottloa Cos 6218 
St 1I%cmat US. Vim imams CCP,Ot 
teteptano. 1a0 77! 1600 f 
• 310771.16!
e-rnat 
REVE.I0nr,
NO: 
CATE 
WISULTNITS 
Mredian Design Group 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LIMA ST AMES US.V.I 
DNIE 
10-20-15 
OReXMIlit. 
K R B 
OtEOCED By 
APPROVED 0v 
PROECTNO:
15-001 
CONMACT NO 
SWUM: 
M0.1 
HVAC DETAILS 
EFTA00808111
--- PAGE 29 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
FUTURE R.O. 
EQUIPMENT 
C 
EDGE OF 
BUILDING 
A 
M-1AI.I IM-1A1.1 
IffX48' 
COVER ir 
AFF 
PROPOSED MECHANICAL 
FIRST FLOOR R.O. BUILDING 
SCALE: 3/16 - o 1. -0" 
f-
 OLIVER 
EXHAUST 
FAN LOUVER 
EF-1 
CORRIDOR 
FP EQUIPMENT 
ROOM 
I 
SWITCH GEAR 
ROOM 
GENERATOR ROOM 
KEY NOTES: 
it OUTSIDE 
AIR INURE PLENUM 
WITH MOTORIZED 
DAMPER. 
36"X36" SHEET METAL BELLMOUTH 
WITH WIRE MESH SCREEN 
EXISTING 
 RETAINING 
WALL 
LOCATION 
OF 
 EXISTING 
TRANSFORMER 
E 
D 
C 
B 
PENINIONS 
IR OAR 
SIOUJUIE 
laredian Design Group 
A., 
AAA 
rec.—Anus,. 
414.33 °wringer* OadO - 044413 Matta' 
Post OfIke Box 6218 
St ThCaTOS U.S. Vin 6.4r as 008.04 
tidepb3na: 340.7771600 far: 31077.1601 
swat 
not AAA No In Nom OWIMWOICOM 
lit 
• 
Illarter. 
OUS MU WOG n. 
MT IflioilutISCUI 
-1-1YOUveNdi 
Ptee•ORU, VISANOMO UM 'Mumble A 
CLAMMICO•USOSK 
Ut 
•ffifitilS14 TN 
NUN Pulobaion NO UMW liPau 'Claw int 
U AW JORVINOIIII•09.• ro nor al Wien 
rt. id, tea. U4.94“.(mitmil ThOu• 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PAnCfl...4 c 
L int, ST J I, / 
U "I 
10-20-15 
MA VIS ay 
KRB 
onEcKE Is by 
04.60i,E0 BY 
K R B. 
PRQ.ECT /10 
OPITRICTNI: 
15-001 
a 8N₹T NO.: 
M-1A1.1 
PROPOSED 1ST FLOOR 
HVAC RO BLDG 
EFTA00808112
--- PAGE 30 ---
KEY NOTES: 
It OUTSIDE AIR INTAKE PLENUM 
WITH MOTORIZED DAMPER. 
6011(60' SHEET METAL BELLMOUTH 
WITH WIRE MESH SCREEN 
CARBON MONOXIDE PANEL 
E 
E 
6. 0 C900 
PVC PIPE 
FILLED WITH 
CONCRETE 
BOLLARDS 
CD* 
D 
C 
201-0" 
'L' 607.48' 
AFF 
20.0 
v mar 
tr AFF 
20'-Ce 
20*-0" 
18'-8* 
.4
B 
I 
I 
I 
I 
O 
EF 3 
A 
"V 48'7(48' 
PROPOSED MECHANICAL 
SECOND FLOOR R.O. BUILDING 
- 2A1.0 M-2A1.0 
SCALE: 3/16"= • -0' 
I 
461%48* 
/
T
C 
B 
REASIONS 
NO. 
DATE 
PIEOPES 
ccei,s,A 
JDG 
Iaredian Design Group 
No 33 Dcanringures Gallo • 0.taanS 0.4s4 
Post 01/184 P4.6118 
Noma: U. S. Yom Is'aisat CONN 
teccCenc 343 II! !GOO fax. NO 111 lc." 
c mat 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS A134 
unit Sr MMES U.S.V.I 
DsT8 
CRAPSBY: 
K.R.B. 
usECREDBY. 
asspOVEDDY: 
10-20-15 
N.R.B. 
POS.E.3T rea 
15-001 
Ourps3 ,
33E 
M-2A1.0 
PROPOSED SECOND 
FLOOR HVAC RO BLDG 
EFTA00808113
--- PAGE 31 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
C) 
ar x48' 
AFF 
'L" 18" xar 
AFF 
/ 
\ 
F4 
EXISTING 
RETAINING WALL 
ENCLOSURE 
AROUND EXISTING 
TRANSFORMER 
BELOW 
O 
EF-5 
I 
I 
24- )24-
AFF TO OF 
OPENING 
24- x24* 
leAFF TO OF 
OPENING 
MECHANICAL SECOND FLOOR 
GENERATOR BUILDING 
SCALE: 3/16"=1*-0" 
M-281.0IM-281.0 
O 
O 
O 
I 
KEY NOTES: 
1r OUTSIDE AIR INTAKE PLENUM 
WITH MOTORIZED DAMPER. 
36"X36-  SHEET METAL BELLMOUTH 
WITH WIRE MESH SCREEN 
CARBON MONOXIDE PANEL 
E 
D 
C 
B 
Sox 
‘0 
OATE 
REMARKS 
OCCI,S1,1 'NIT.. 
jarethan Design Group 
MlankhipownWn....flAnlar 
No.33 Droaringers Gado - Queen,. °Jana, 
Post Mae Bat 6218 
St Thomas. U.S. Ylmin leans: CCE04 
talaphorm: 340 777 1100 low 340777 1601 
a-mal: 
Ntie 
MAIM CP.A.41 Kin. St It! 
%At Mit in CI a+ 
le.% ("IV MU Noe 
nor et 
tinrati n• •••11•• Wino. 
JUIDJII rant WU' bYtnae/0 ur .a. Lin A 
Oa 'OA CIMSNATS 'Pt 
nnen
mic 
'
a
•
,
t 
., 
•
(
•
t
.
•
t
•
„
„
r
e
•
'
I
-
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LITTLE Sr AWES US.v.I 
BATE 
10-20-15 
[NAVIN sr 
K.R.B. 
c.ticaDBY. 
K.R.B. 
aFfriOvED 
15.001 
C, N1R4CT K0.1 
., 
M-261.0 
ECHANICAL SECOND 
FLOOR GENERATOR 
EFTA00808114
--- PAGE 32 ---
I 
I 
GENERAL ELECTRICAL NOTES 
I. 
ALL litec( "Ki E n ACCORDNEE MYM WREN./ ELECTINCAL CODE 
FLOUA DUILDte ODLE NID OTTO AIRUCIaE CODES NID STROVIDS 
ELECTRICAL SYMBOL LEGEND 
ci) 
20A. 125 V. OLIND Rtt£DUE(E CROUVONG TYPE 
GR- («Quo FRAI 
Te- NIATIERPROOT 
2. 0) DE Ofte.,MS RE CuDIMMTIC MD DO øT se/ ML *Flua KM RO 
KOUITED IO ion A COIRETE eu entame n ACCORME MIM 
b) MEN Et:01M ANSE 04 LOGIONS MME COICES, cuceic4 capte«, 
EGGENNEM PROIOARDS. DG EUE TO nos COefINK OR INIROPER raz, 
coebtattei CONTReICR 5,011 IMTM 0 10 DE A/ES ATTENTION MO AT ID 
$ 
201/4 Ire ourr 
ERRA C051 RELOCATC. RO ca DODO NOIR A KASOILEIE OGIANCE SUCH IIFRL 
Mi IS IR ODIEUCT DE MONCTON G RESPEIGIBLE FOR COXiTtalle 
$.3 
201/4 Ire 3 LAY WEI W01. 
E 
LOCATION Of NI CUIPONDITS MOL 10 RØ H MIDI ML TROCS NO CROS SU. 
BE miefED TER ERDRE TO 00 50. 
.56ILO 
06CCAMICT 56101 (3) CORDES (5) F/NIIN 513 (NF)-1401 ruSED 
DE Cabine» 6 RESPONSOLE TOR Beaune FEID CSOTIONS Br et1ING THE 
SITE KM TO CaivENCrIC / BEPC AM 
FIRE Am, au STATION 
Au Ce« Fans SNILL BE NSTALLED TWSH RO «Mue Tom CEPCFALD IN 
rms,IED eAS ExCFPT AS SKCFCALLY 9.704/2/3TED OTHERIBE 
Mua ØR NO EtertROL PORC m0 MME, COMIØ coaeas FOR AR 
cenTLie4s seing AS BOTTA/NoTED ON MS( cames MO FER OtIOR 
Fet Mau TOK/STROK 
DOSTING 
AFRICEILE OMM% / NSTRICTICRIS 
SEC MR CCNIXTENIC ORMINC 
Mi JURAI IfM IXTECTOR 
PHI 
AIL INTERIN REVOICI SHALL BE STSPOSED CO AS ORME& BY MER 
e 
F116 RAMA SIKINE CESICIOR 
*RFA" 
7. 
Pa MIN% INDICAN» 16 MUR 6 865ED ON MONK Carnier OVALES RO 
BE LEREED BY CEXTRILTER AT »B BTE. 
DEMO/ PANCL 
& 
Lm» NTRE 512E Swu KI 12 MN / Dan unEsS 011016% NOICO ON Pied 
St 
ML 0:44DuCTC45 94111 BE CEfff.R. 
10. 
ALL LAURES SNILL BE UL NITIKNED. 
II. 
NEW nnlroutIl PNEL Mu" Real IX RJRINSIIII NIER JOB IS CCRIFUTLO. 
D 
12. 
W. 66.1611 OROUNS %NU EN PROFSRLY PIMSE AtILMICIO 
Il 
ML ION DORER MAU MASO M COUIC MR caserons FUNK RURING 
ITTIOUT MEUT SitIa BE WU« COATED EUE5WED FOR USE II PLOUC 
14. 
KOADE TRAPUE MISE( AS ASSENE FOR RIMAI CCUNNICAIXIN CIBLE me 
er CURETER. »ECO R30 RO Milet ASSally TO SUPPORT EIDE mixa 
FYBO • n. OC. OMNIF» CIBLES SIRS NOT UE EFI TOP OT EEUNG ME OR 
LIMMKS) 
15. 
ALL SN 
CIRCUITS 10 NOK A CTEDI E0101041 CROLIONC CENDUCTOR 92W AS 
PER IM 250 122. 
OU DAM CONDUITS 10 BE PROMU MI NYLON KM. &FANGS. 
C 
B 
A 
n. 
MES 51*1. BE RUE FILLEM. INE DRAY TYPE LØ 
OMM% /NOM 
18. 
NC COUFWENT 111RIC. %%MER MO FU% SOIES ME BLØ «4 WC COURIADIT 
SKOFICD ON CONTRACT ORNANO. CONTRICICR 6 RESENSIEIIC FCR FEHLING ML 
«MC. MO 
AND FUSES 9721 N MCCROMICC NIIN A/C LOUAIENT KOMDIUTC 
ROINDRIEN1SF DOURO FRCAI MAI SPCANICO ON DRAWM6 AS «IL AS NO' 
FECIXR ORGES KING kre0.0 Br DIS E}WEE CONTRACTER Sint IMM ABOI 
vENTOKO ORGES Al NO EXTRA COST. 
19. 
CONletell SHRL COORDeuX Au le *ORE VAN OTNER TILLES IN CIED 10 
FLAN% MO WALL Mt COMTE Me RO RKERAYS. NL Met 0011111% 
CR»; vine RO IMCDMY AS SNOIN ON TIC KR CONDITIONNG DRMING CR 
SPC0F60616. fg< 03NDOCAZ »MC FETER 10 ILMISACIURER Kt 
REOLIKIENT RIO *loti KL RAATED PM IN Ne GORTACT. 
20. 
ALL LUNDURES stem. BE PROMU ARPORTISD m 'imam ION DIE COUR 
SISTEN 6461061160I RÉCOANDOADONS MO LOCAL CC« RtOURCVORS. 
21. 
MUS MC CMCROMIATIC ONU. DEY 00 NOT Ø 
ERRA EDO %OUM) FOR MC 
NSTALUDC6 
V. 
TIRS %MG 6 A CUDE FOR TE 0£CTRICAL INSTAUTICW lE CUCIFICIL 
CONIRALICR 6 RCSPONSINC TO F1046 A FUNCIONte %ST0L 
24. 
N1 ciels SMILL 11C RUN MIN CU SAUCES EXCEPTFORIIRMISC INDICATD1 
25. 
?AL FULL MO Melle BOXES PK BE /CC£SSRE AT ML TAIES. 
26. 
DALT FONT RO IETKOS Er CØØ 
snau. BE DOIRIANO) 
noo. 
AU Nt« SaILL K CO« IN A KAT RO BORKLANue YMER. 
NL RØY RODIED. 0GuutED CCN:66MS seitu 9611. E [OLGA OXED AS 
MUCeS 
27. 
PHASE )à: 
FRASC 
PNASE 'C' 
GRKM*
CUO 
120/20B V %SIDA 
1XX 
DUC 
GRCEN 
NEW 
PM. 
WC" 
T/C I
TIRE CLOCK 
PST 
.-413 
o
1.0(0)-I 
letteCUT 
SECOND FLOOR 
r 
GROUND FLOOR 
EXISDNG IODA FEEDERS --!" 
PARTIAL ELECTRICAL RISER DIAGRAM 
LIGHTING FIXTURE SCHEDULE 
NE 
°ESCAPE« 
MIR« DATA 
1.11P DATA 
BASIS e DESIGN 
AFIRMODIDET 
NOTES 
LØ VA 
VOLTAGE 
01V MIT« nit 
CCILe 
MANUFACTURER 
RECEL æ SERAIS 
REP:ES:ED SURF/CE 
MI. 
IMMATURE
AI
UTHONIA C8-232 CES 10 IS 
277/1/60 
UTHONIA 
® 
LITHONIA 
AFP-3-50WT5-277V 
GEB 10 IS 
(MATH VAND GUARD) 
277/1/60 
UTHONIA 
C ,
UDICAM EUA2 
277/1/60 
UTHONIA 
e 
UTHCMA 
VA.F3 250M 19W-277V SMIG 
277/1/60 
UTHONIA 
O
UDIONIA QUANTUM LEE, EXIT UGHT (277V) 
UTHONIA 
e 
e 
E 
D 
C 
B 
Pte SIO1/2*. 
VO 
04TE 
laredian Design Croup 
Nu 33 Dronriogara Galle . 0.nian's 
Pera OfnrA 88.6218 
Iteriat U.S. vegint,'gre. cce.04 
crol 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.0 AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LITTLE Sr 4AsiES US vu 
LUTE 
ct,a,m,o,i Sit 
K.R.B. 
otECRED8Y. 
apfHMEDBe 
10-20-15 
K.R.B. 
w 
FRo,“InC, 
15.001 
(Cingla KO., 
rEE" 110 
E0.0 
ELECTRICAL NOTES, 
LEGEND & RISERS 
13-Çc,i•P'se 
EFTA00808115
--- PAGE 33 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
EXIT80 PANII: 
RN 
WM 13111011 
10) i.e 
LOCATOt 
PIMP 90014 
Will BUS: 
225 NP 
YClIS 
WS: 
Ale. Mg 
10.0:0 
PINSC: 
14001891C 
9-RACE 
111Re 
98.0 NEMIl 
Pat RUC: 
CRT ENDXCR 
CKT ORDOR 
C11001 CESCOPD3N 
M0. 
MP PC« NPS 
* 
MPS POE 
IMP 
M0. 
CAW 111:SC101194 
SPARE 
I 
I 
A 
1,0 
I 
111.091TURE CCWROI. Ill 
SPIK 
I 
I 
SPME 
RECP1. R.0 ROOM (E) 
I 
C 
I 
HS-R0. RNA) (E) 
01101. 11.0 ROOM (8) 
I 
A 
I 
(IS-90-411141 ROOS (I) 
Ken RA OLC/800 R0044 (E) 
I 
SR« 
Calt/S11 STADC95 (C) 
II 
I 
C 
1.5 
I 
EATER SYSTEM- U.V. 9L) 
SUPT. PUI. ROOM (C) 
I 
4.5 
A 
SPARC 
SUPT. PU19 ROOM (0 
I 
4.5 
I 
STORAGE RC011 (t) 
I 
4.5 
C 
STORAGE ROM (t) 
I 
4.5 
A 
I 
519ff 
I 
B 
I 
RUM FIE PIMP 110011 (E) 
I 
1.5 
C 
I 
(F-13 00 
5.1 
A 
31.5 
NEW Wall -'11Ce 
Win 
Ill 
31.7 
- 
C 
32.1 
TOTALS (RWEKS) 
AN 
59.9 
42.2 
C. 
518 
(C) MOTES Da 
CIRCUIT 
EXISTING Will 
RP8 
14461 BWR, 
MX NIP 
LOCATION 
&MAL «41 
INN BUS: 
225 /419 
901.15 
120/2081 
AIC ROM 
KIM 
~SI 
1030/INC 
~Kt 
871E: 
SCUD 101101. 
POLE MID.: 
NOTE: NL 11191.6 10 BC ele IN I/2'4 Mar 141.1104 
OR 041.)0701 
OCT MCI 
CICA1 DESCRIPIX*4 
/40. 
Tref PC« AWS 
WS PC« 
TRP M. 
CIRCUIT CESCRPTICH 
II-I4 (E) 
I 
I 
A 
I.0 
I 
IEWERARI9E CCIIIRCI. (0 
In LOWS 
O 
I 
B 
CFI Ora MR (0 
nee occreuats 
O 
I 
C 
3.2 
I 
CF-11 
C) 
I 
A 
I 
e 
not /UM 001frnet (0 
C) 
I 
B 
I 
room emu (t) 
NEVI CO Plea 
O 
1.7 
C 
1.0 
It 
At WM SiSIDA (f) 
tali CODUC47 IXOTS 1.15 (•) O 
A 
n10. WOOER (t) 
le 1/04C1212ED 010135 
49,T3 
IS 
1.0 
B 
1.1 
ie u-s ( taut wag (r) 
ier cr-I 
O 
7.2 
C 
I.2 
TO 
Ill 
10/ CF-4 
C) 
Ran 0:6180011 (E) 
I 
A 
REEPT. Eat. ROOM (O 
B 
REM. CEti ROM CC) 
C 
S/ 
NEW EF-5 
CI 
WARE 
A 
WARE 
B 
C 
4.7 
a srooka wifisiecc. O 
SWAY 
A 
SPARE 
B 
C 
- O 
SORE 
A 
WM« 
B 
II 
- 
- 
C 
- 
TOWS (444PCRE) 
/4 
29.1 
45A 
a 
38.2 
(I Wet ON NC 000S( 
Nell PAVEL 
RFC 
NAN ant 
3P-8) NP 
LOCARCH 
WW1) flea RO MONO 
14/111 RUS 
225 NP 
120/203* 
AI.C. RATING 
10.0(0 
RINSE 
14011/111116 
%WAGE 
/ARE 
SOU) MD" 
POLE MCI: 
WM ILL WRPIC Ill K JIB El 1/2'• CONDOR MMUS 
CRT BREMER 
OCT BREAKER 
MIN COMPTON 
NQ 
TRIP oar AMPS 
IMPS Pal 
TRIP 
NO. 
CRCIJT ~KIM 
DNS 
I 
I 
A 
1.7 
I 
CO PIND. 
U3NTS 
I 
II 
El 
1.0 
I 
11,01CIIZED 84/00i 
WITS 
I 
8.1 
C 
10.4 
I 
CROCCO UGIO (•) 
U3705 
I 
8.1 
A 
2.3 
EF-3 
WEPT/CUES 
I 
B 
II 
I 
C 
/ /3
I 
A 
111-2 
IS 
I 
2.3 
Ill 
SP« 
I 
C 
2.3 
I 
A 
I 
99118 
I 
e 
I 
I 
C 
I 
I 
A 
I 
e 
I 
- 
C 
I 
IC045 (AMC) 
II 
31.5 
B0 31.07 
CO 
32.1 
(.) COIOTES Cei tut 0.0Cic 
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
NO 
DATE 
Re.m.40,4 
rewn$ 
CONSbernr.1.. 
jaredian Design Group 
1.».33 Oroaninoom Owl*. Oman Ouaitor 
Post aka Box 6218 
St llamas. U.S. stun Wards CC004 
w.c mrte. 
<rop mot iv... 
/tom 
CP•t.S.1», 
ute I, an nnom 'a., 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LITTLE Sr ~ES US.V.1 
Colt 
10-20-15 
[NINONBit 
K.R.B. 
c”ECKED St 
KR g, 
:iFfROVEDBY 
W W 
FRCNECT 1.19 
15-001 
cc..-ar-c-r‘o 
5.1-EE, 1.0 
E0.1 
ELECTRICAL PANELS 
EFTA00808116
--- PAGE 34 ---
E 
D 
C 
A 
FUTURE R.O. 
EQUIPMENT 
EXISTING 
PANEL *RPA' FIELD 
RIFY EXACT LOCATION. 
PANEL FEEDS NEW 'RFC* 
ON SECOND FLOOR 
MOTORIZED 
DAMPER 
I 
- 
I 
EDGE OF 
BUILDING A 
E 
POWER AND LIGHTING 
FIRST FLOOR R.O. BUILDING 
SCALE: 3/I 6"= '-0" 
A-1EI.OIA-1E1.0 
CORRIDOR 
EXISTING 
FP EQUIPMENT 
ROOM 
EXISTING 
PANEL liPEr FIELD 
VERIFY EXACT LOCATION 
PANEL FEEDS ALL NEW 
DEVICES ON SECOND 
FLOOR AND NEW STORAGE 
ROOM 
EXISTING 
SWITCH GEAR 
ROOM 
EXISTING 
GENERATOR ROOkoN 
EXISTING 
RETAINING 
WALL 
LOCATION OF 
 EXISTING 
TRANSFORMER 
E 
D 
C 
OAR 
, 
COPRA T 
jaredian Design Group 
No.3312gooNvens God.- Ousen's Manor 
Post OR> Box 6218 
&Rea 
U.S. Virgin I Warr% 00gAgt 
Wpbs 
340.177.1600 IAA 340.777.1601 
sed: 
Welt ROB Me nt tate 0:61.410 Prtql• AR nit 
I•PUIV te Abeam ittINI (CO 11•14 
nair 
arravair. • AAA Ari on 
Arnim. -. 
air 
in 
AAA 4ALWACOA101*. Kai AMA 
Oa t14 tfortwiAta, -“e 4.4z I 
rtnx 
rpti. • 
MU ram stm. rut 
IX. ICI AI Mr me 
al 
•
wenn. ,  tat 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PAPCJI 
.A RC 
[Tut ;;T 
a U 
V I 
10.20-I5 
°RAVIN BY 
K R B 
CrtECXED BY 
liPPROVED BY 
PRQ.ECT HO 
OPORACT 
MEET In : 
A-1 E1.0 
K R B. 
15-001 
PROPOSED 1ST FLOOR 
FLOOR RO BLDG 
EFTA00808117
--- PAGE 35 ---
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
120' A F F 
O 
CARBON 
MONOXIDE 
PANEL 
SEE MECHANICAL 
DRAWINGS 
O 
RPC-412 
RPC-4 
RPC-9 
RPC-11( 
RPC-2 
e 
RK-13 
110 CO 
..-- 
/ 
/ 
 _I' 
- 0 
-.... 
MOTORIZED 
DAMPERS 
 „ --- 
- e 
--.. -- -- 
- 
-• 
--- 
-- ---
_ MOTORIZED 
DAMPERS 
... --. 
---
--- 
- 
... 
110 CD 
- -.. -.. N 
I 
I 
C' 
i 
/ 
/ 
/ 
__ 
...--
L.. 
.." 
.-- 
-cr 
....... -- -- --. 
1,—. 
-1 
\ 
@ 
... 
- 
.-- 
.....- 
...... 
--.- 
@ 
.--.. 
.-..-
OD 
..,,' 
- 
I 
I 
% 
e 
\ 
\ 
".... -.... 
‘... 
..... --.. -......... 
N-aP 
--ecP 
/ fix 
- 
- CFI 
I- 
CD 
G Fl 
RPC-11 
EF.2 
\ 
\ 
,... -... 
\ 
\\ 
\\
/ 
I 
I 
I 
‘ 
\ \ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ -... _ 
NE 
RPC-14,16,16 
RPC-15 
- e 
___ ______
_ 
... 
-- 
I 
CID 
le 
.... 
- 
Cri- 
- --- 
..- --- -"- 
(II) 
rh 
41=e
-- 7
- e 
_. _ 
.... _. 
I 
 e 
-- 
- 
--- 
 -
-e 
-
,/ 
---- 
-
CD 
- 
I 
@ 
- e 
--- _ 
...... 
ol
l iRPC*-13r 
. 
RPC 
.... -.___ 
I 
e 
_ 
.pmEL 
- - 
I 
-3 
- 
-- ---.--
CFI 
RPC-1 
ORPC-11 9 
41=16 
I 
... 
- 
-
e 
® 
- (E) 
- 
- 
,
.00. 
/ RPC-15 
/ 
.... 
, 
I 
I 
/ 
110410
/ 
/ 
RPC-9 
/ 
RPC-8,1O12 CFI, 
er
// 
31CL
NE 
EF-3 
i 
POWER AND LIGHTING 
SECOND FLOOR R.O BUILDING 
A261.0 A261.0 
SCALE: 3/ t 6"= 11-0-
I 
RPC-6 
1 
A.F.F 
20" A.F.F 
RPC-6 
E 
D 
C 
B 
A 
REVE.Ionr,
OATS 
CONSULTANTS 
laredian Design Group 
Nom loup••••and (woos Wow. 
NO 33 Dronningenit 
-Queen's WORN 
PON 0Moo Box earn 
St Mona U.S. Virgin Igands CORN 
telephone: 340.77E-1800 In: M.7711601 
Not NAN.) TN WNW COO•o0 NV, 
oo-
Nit NMI?,  Of olINIto NIO•41001 
on. NotecO, NONO 
=O.... 
amorous. ow. sounana 
r.. 
a..N• CONsioToN. 
tsar anon [ono no roan co, 
ro fro tION 
Oo Oh/I (Orton no 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
R.O AND GENERATOR 
BUILDING ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
LIMA Sr MIES US v 
DATE 
10-20-15 
DRAWN Bit. 
K R B 
OfEOCED Br. 
K 
APPROVED BY: WIN 
PROECT NO: 
15-001 
Canto= le 
SHEET ma: 
A-2E1.0 
PROPOSED SECOND 
LOOR PLAN RO BLDG 
EFTA00808118
--- PAGE 36 ---
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
NO 
DATE 
E 
RPB-I 
D 
C 
RPB-13 
100" 
AFF 
op 
e CFI 
RP8-5 
DCO 
g.0 AFF 
RP8-18.20.22 
4f1; 
(t)
310_7, 
EF-4 
I 
, 
RPB-9 
OCFI 
101-0" 
AFF 
O 
RPB-13 0-0 AFF 
O 
  'KIWIS 
GFI 
RPB-7 tW 
4-4 -4-
I 
elf 
eff 
RPB-7
-1 PB-9 
1110 
CD 
\ 44.„ 
EXIT 
BATTERY 
LIGHT 
LITHONIA 
QUANTITY 
LED 
AIN 
PB-11 
TM-2426.28 
NF 
RPB-5 EF-5  
T 
EXISTING 
RETAINING 
WALL 
ENCLOSURE 
AROUND 
EXISTING 
TRANSFORMER 
BELOW 
CARBON 
MONOXIDE 
PANEL 
(SEE 
MECHANICAL 
DRAWINGS) 
O 
E 
D 
C 
B 
B 
A 
POWER AND LIGHTING FLOOR 
GENERATOR BUILDING 
B2E1.0
IB2E1.0
SCALE: 
3/16-= 
1.-0" 
CCNSt.liNi I 
laredian Design Group 
Irg••••••WCevnevol4apv. 
1.3.33 Droaningens Gado - Queen's °Jana, 
Post 0Mot Box UM 
St Iturnar.. U.S. Wein Isferas CCe04 
tralepcne: 340 TT? MOO low 340 711 1601 
MR ,NA.4 
ucifi••41.01). St Me 
KU nfliff 
N Alai. Cain 40•41 one RA.v 
not bi ismcwraetnuoil 1.• menu* rimy:No ,
sivnatin 
na. Am, 
Cain •01, CORN.* "K MC I. •••• ^01,10 
 m••• 
Puol NI 
iliAr Twits MALL nal ant Aar 
way To Liv icor 
max. 
'CA 1.• !A., * LITTLE 
ST. 
JAMES 
R.O 
AND 
GENERATO
BUILDING 
ROOFING 
PROJECT 
PARCELS AB.0 
UTILE ST AWES US.v.I 
ff)2)e)T11). 
15-001 
cc 1-R4C.1- V) 
HEE 
POD 
B-2E1 .0 
POWER AND LIGHTING 
2ND FL GENERATOR 
EFTA00808119

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808120.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 1 of 12 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-RBR 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
CHAPTER 11 
Debtor. 
BRADLEY EDWARDS' RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
EXPEDITED MOTION TO BE EXCUSED FROM ATTENDING SHOW CAUSE 
HEARING AND SUPPLEMENT THERETO 
Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards"), by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this 
Response in Opposition to Jeffrey Epstein's Expedited Motion to Be Excused From Attending 
Show Cause Hearing and Supplement Thereto, which has been set for hearing on October 23, 2018 
and states as follows: 
The Disc Did Not Sit in a Box 
Contrary to what has been repeatedly stated by Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") and Fowler 
White, the disc that Fowler White retained in violation of this Court's November 30, 2010 Agreed 
Order did not "sit in a box" for the past eight (8) years. This fact, however, was only uncovered at 
the October 19, 2018 deposition duces tecum of Fowler White's corporate representative, which 
was conducted after Epstein's deposition on October 13, 2018. Thus, the Court should not excuse 
Epstein from attending the upcoming Show Cause hearing because Edwards is entitled to cross-
examine Epstein on the recent discovery that not only did the disc not "sit in a box" but Fowler 
White printed at least 32 pages of materials from the disc (26 of which are listed in Edwards' 
privilege log) and made handwritten notations on at least one (1) of the pages. 
EFTA00808120
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 2 of 12 
Attached as Exhibit 'W I to the Fowler White deposition transcript is a composite of 32 
documents that were printed off the disc that is the subject of these contempt proceedings. The 
printed documents were contained in a folder labeled `J. Carney - Printing of CD Issue -.' Twenty-
six (26) of the emails are listed on Edwards' privilege log. The folder itself was logged on an 
inventory from 2014, which Fowler White apparently created when it transferred the Epstein case 
files to storage. And, tellingly, at least one (1) email contains handwritten notations, indicating 
that not only did Fowler White take the "disc out of the box" and print certain privileged materials, 
but it analyzed those materials in derogation of this Court's November 30, 2010 Agreed Order. 
What is unknown at this point is whether Epstein was aware that his attorneys not only 
retained, but were in fact apparently utilizing, the disc and materials that are the subject of the 
November 30, 2011 Agreed Order. Did Epstein receive copies of these materials? Did he instruct 
Fowler White to print the documents? What role, if any, did he play in what is the clear violation 
of this Court's Order? Those questions are but a few that Edwards is clearly entitled to cross-
examine Epstein on at the upcoming Show Cause hearing, as he seeks to meet the high burden of 
clear and convincing evidence to hold Epstein in contempt.2 For these reasons, the Court should 
deny Epstein's Expedited Motion to Be Excused. 
In addition, Epstein was instructed not to answer a litany of questions at his October 13, 
2018 deposition, and Edwards is entitled to re-ask those questions on cross-examination and to 
have the Court determine the validity of any such instruction. For example, Epstein testified during 
his deposition that his personal attorney, Darren Indyke, handed him somewhere between 3 and 
100 documents that were obtained from the Fowler White disc at issue. ate Epstein Dep. Tr. at 
I Per the agreement of the parties, this exhibit is attached under seal. 
Edwards' recitation of these prospective sampling of these questions is made with filll reservations of his work-
product privilege, and any further requirement that Edwards establish a predicate to form the basis to support his 
position that Epstein appear at the Show Cause hearing would violate Edward' work-product privilege and be 
equivalent to requiring Edwards to divulge his trial strategy in advance of Friday's hearing. 
EFTA00808121
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 3 of 12 
29:1-24 (number of documents); 33:8-9 (received from Mr. Indyke)3. Epstein, however, was 
instructed not to answer the following question based on the assertion of the attorney-client 
privilege: 
(MR. SCAROLA) Q: Were you told at the time that Mr. Indyke gave you the less 
than 100 pages that he said were contained on the disc, that an allegation was made 
that any of those documents were privileged? 
(MR. LINK): So if you can answer that general questions because the source of 
information was from somebody other than Mr. Indyke and/or your lawyers, then 
you can answer it. 
(EPSTEIN) A: I cannot answer it separate from that. 
Q: Did your lawyers, including Mr. Indyke, tell you when they handed over those 
pages to you that there's an allegation that these pages contain privileged materials? 
(MR. LINK): I am going to instruct you not to answer it. 
Epstein Dep. Tr. at 54:24-55:21. 
The instruction not to answer is improper. Edwards has the burden to establish, by clear 
and convincing evidence, that Epstein violated the Court's November 30, 2010 Agreed Order. That 
Agreed Order prohibits Epstein from "retain[ing] images or copies of the subject document on 
its computer or otherwise." If Epstein was given copies of documents and was told that those 
documents were listed on Edwards' privilege log, it follows that Epstein was also told about this 
Court's November 30, 2011 Agreed Order at the time he was given the copies of the documents 
by Mr. Indyke.4 At that point, Epstein would be in willful violation of the Court's Agreed Order if 
he retained these documents and would have been obliged to order his attorneys and agents, Link 
& Rockenbach, to destroy the subject documents to ensure that Epstein was in compliance with 
A copy of the referenced excerpts of Epstein's October 13, 2018 deposition transcript is attached hereto as Exhibit 
'A'. 
This is yet another example of a question that needs to be asked of Epstein during the Show Cause hearing. 
EFTA00808122
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 4 of 12 
this Court's Agreed Order. Again, this is but one example of questions which Epstein refused to 
answer and to which Edwards is entitled to re-ask at the Show Cause hearing so that the Court can 
rule on the propriety of the objection and instruction. 
Conclusion 
For the forgoing reasons, Edwards respectfully requests that the Court deny Epstein's 
Expedited Motion. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that, pursuant to L.R. 9011-4(B) the undersigned counsel is 
qualified to practice before this Court. 
I HEREY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served on 
electronically to the examinee, the debtor, the attorney for the debtor, the trustee, all CMIECF 
subscribers, and by email or U.S. Mail on those parties listed on the attached service list this 26th
day of September, 2018. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that I am admitted to the Bar of the United States District Court 
for the Southern District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to 
practice in this court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
/s/ David P. Vitale Jr. 
Jack Scarola 
Florida Bar No.: 169440 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Florida Bar No.: 115179 
Attorney E-Mails: jsx@searcylaw.com; and 
mmccann@searcylaw.com 
Primary E-Mail: _scarolateam@searcylaw.com 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808123
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 5 of 12 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on October 22, 2018, I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certified that the foregoing document 
is being served this day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the on the attached 
Service List in the manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing 
generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are 
not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
/s/ David P. Vitale Jr. 
DAVID P. VITALE JR. 
Florida Bar No.: 115179 
Primary E-Mail: _scarolateam@searcylaw.com 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Fax: 
561-383-9451 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808124
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 6 of 12 
SERVICE LIST 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., Esq. 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
901 Phillips Point West 
777 South Flagler Drive 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401-6170 
Phone: (561) 802-9044 
Fax: (561) 802-9976 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Scott@linkrocklaw.com 
ICara@linkrocklaw.com 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 561-727-3600 
Fax: 561-727-3601 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
jgoldberger@agvvpa.com; smahoney@agwpa.com 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-659-8300 
Fax: (561)-835-8691 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Phil Burlington, Esq. 
Nichole J. Segal, Esquire 
njs@FLAppellateLaw.com; kbt@FLAppellateLaw.com 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-721-0400 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EDWARDS POTTINGER LLC 
Bradley J. Edwards FLBN 54207 
Brittany N. Henderson FLBN 118247 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-524-2820 
EFTA00808125
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 7 of 12 
Fax: (954)-524-2822 
Attorneys for Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
Florida Bar No.: 225657 
Attorney E-Mail(s): jay@jayhowell.com 
644 Cesery Blvd. #250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
(904) 680-1234 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
(above for address purposes only) 
Attorney E-Mail: cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808126
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 8 of 12 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually; 
BRADLEY EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
OF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Saturday, October 13th, 2018 
9:07 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, #930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Examination of the witness taken before 
Sonja D. Hall 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 
1665 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 1001 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 471-2995 
EXHIBIT 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 561-471-2995 
EFTA00808127
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 9 of 12 
BY MR. SCAROLA: 
Q 
Can you characterize in any way the volume of 
documents that you received that you understood 
originated on the disc? 
A 
I don't recall. 
Q 
Was it more than one? 
A 
Probably. 
Q 
Was it more than two? 
A 
Probably. 
Q 
Was it more than three? 
A 
I don't know what you mean by documents. Are 
you talking about pages? 
Q 
Yes. Let's be very specific. 
Did you receive more than three pages that 
you understood to have been printed out from the 
disc? 
MR. LINK: Let me think about the 
question for a minute. 
You can answer that question. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. SCAROLA: 
Q 
Was it more than 10? 
A 
I would say less than 100, so we don't have 
to go through numbers. 
Q 
That does indeed save us some time. 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 561-471-2995 
EFTA00808128
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 10 of 12 
question. 
THE WITNESS: Sometime in February I 
was handed, from my attorneys, some 
documents. Is what I recall. Some 
documents from my attorneys. I was handed 
some documents. 
BY MR. SCAROLA: 
Q 
Who specifically handed you those documents? 
A 
Darren Indyke. 
Q 
Where were you? 
A 
I believe in New York. I can't be certain. 
Q 
How many pages did Mr. Indyke hand you on 
that occasion? 
A 
Less than 100. 
Q 
Were those pages accompanied by any cover 
letter? 
A 
Not that I recall. 
Q 
Were they accompanied by any summary of the 
contents? 
A 
Not that I recall. 
Q 
Were they accompanied by any index? 
A 
Not that I recall. 
Q 
What did Mr. Indyke tell you about the 
documents when he gave him to you? 
MR. LINK: I'm going to instruct you 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 561-471-2995 
EFTA00808129
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 11 of 12 
discuss with you what I think the impediment 
is to these general questions, because there 
were alleged privileged emails that were 
produced in the litigation -- before my law 
firm was retained -- voluntarily by 
Mr. Edwards and his law firm, so that there 
had been in the record alleged privileged 
emails for years in this case. And you have 
not asked specific questions about the 
emails that were located by my law firm in 
February as to your questions. 
So I think your general questions about 
alleged privileged emails is not encompassed 
in what the court has asked or what we are 
here to talk about. And it's creating 
confusion, because there were many alleged 
privileged emails produced years ago. 
BY MR. SCAROLA: 
Q 
Did Mr. Link tell you the things that he just 
stated on the record at some time prior to today? 
MR. LINK: You are not going to answer 
that question, Mr. Epstein. 
BY MR. SCAROLA: 
Q 
Were you told at the time that Mr. Indyke 
gave you the less than 100 pages that he said were 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 561-471-2995 
EFTA00808130
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6487 
Filed 10/22/18 
Page 12 of 12 
contained on the disc, that an allegation was made that 
any of those pages were privileged? 
THE WITNESS: Can you repeat the 
question for me, please? 
(Thereupon, the requested portion of the 
record was read back by the reporter as 
above duly recorded.) 
MR. LINK: So if you can answer that 
general question because the source of 
information was from somebody other than 
Mr. Indyke and or your lawyers, then you can 
answer it. 
THE WITNESS: I cannot answer it 
separate from that. 
BY MR. SCAROLA: 
Q
Did your lawyers, including Mr. Indyke, tell 
you when they handed over those pages to you that 
there's an allegation that these pages contain 
privileged material? 
MR. LINK: I am going to instruct you 
not to answer it. 
Do you mind if we take a break? 
THE VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record 
at 10:15 a.m. 
(A recess was had.) 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 561-471-2995 
EFTA00808131

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808132.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6384 
Filed 05/14/18 
Page 1 of 6 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.fisb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-RBR 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
CHAPTER 11 
Debtor. 
INTERVENORS L.M., E.W.. AND JANE DOE'S LIST OF REOUESTED RELIEF 
SOUGHT IN THIS CASE 
Intervenors L.M., E.W., and "Jane Doe" (hereinafter "the Victims"), proceeding 
pseudonymously, having previously been allowed to intervene in this action, and having 
participated in the Court's hearing on April 13, 2018, now file this list of requested relief. 
In the April 13, 2018, hearing, the Court directed the Victims to file — separately and on 
their own behalves — a list of the requested relief they are seeking in this case. The Victims now 
file that list. 
The victims seek the following relief: 
I. Fowler White and Epstein (including all of Epstein's past and present legal counsel) 
will provide to the Victims' counsel, within seven days of the Court's order, a listing of all persons 
or entities to whom the subject documents (or any information derived from the contents of the 
subject documents) have been viewed or distributed, as well as a certification that they have asked 
for return of the subject materials. 
2. A letter written and signed by both Fowler White and Jeffrey Epstein, and sent to all 
persons known or suspected to have reviewed or obtained any copies of the documents at issue, to 
the following effect: "To Whom It May Concern: Certain Documents with which you were 
provided were impermissibly retained by the undersigned in violation of an order from U.S. 
I 
EFTA00808132
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6384 
Filed 05/14/18 Page 2 of 6 
Bankruptcy Judge Raymond B. Ray of the Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida. 
See DE 1194, In Re: Rothstein Rosenfeld: Adler, P.A., No. 09-34791-RBR. 
If you are in 
possession of any of the attached documents as a consequence of a violation of the order, you are 
requested to promptly return it to the attorney who has provided a copy of this letter to you." 
Fowler White and Epstein must also provide counsel for the victims with a comprohensive list of 
persons who are receiving this letter. 
3. Discovery regarding the distribution of the impermissible retained materials, in the form 
of twenty interrogatories, twenty requests for production, and twenty requests for admission, to be 
answered by: (1) Jeffrey Epstein; (2) any attorney, paralegal, other law firm employee or 
consultant, or expert witness who has been involved in the representation of Epstein in the above-
captioned matter or in Epstein v. Edwards, No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG (Cir. Ct. of the 
151h Jud. Cir. for Palm Beach County, Fla.), and in addition deposition testimony of all persons 
reasonably believed to have knowledge of the circumstances surrounding the copying, retention, 
or dissemination of the documents at issue in DE 1194, beginning with those depositions so 
Ordered previously by this Court in DE 6366. 
4. Separate letters of apology for each of the three victims, written by Epstein and all 
attorneys and staff found to have played a responsible role in the unauthorized retention and release 
of their privileged materials. 
5. A referral from this Court to appropriate disciplinary authorities, including bar 
authorities, for any attorney found to have apparently violated ethical obligations in connection 
with the improper retention and subsequent distribution of the materials at issue. 
6. Monetary remedies and sanctions, payable directly to each of the three victims by 
Epstein, in the amount of not less than $25,000 for each of the three victims (a total of $75,000). 
EFTA00808133
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6384 
Filed 05/14/18 Page 3 of 6 
After making payment, Epstein is permitted to seek reimbursement from any of his attorneys who 
may have been responsible. The remedies shall serve as liquidated damages for all the losses they 
have suffered as a consequence of the release of the materials at issue. 
7. On order to show caused, directed to Fowler White and Epstein, to show cause as to 
why they should not be held in contempt of the Court's order [DE 1194], to be followed by an 
evidentiary hearing on the circumstances surrounding the violation of the victims' right of 
confidentiality, and a finding of civil or criminal contempt as may be appropriate, along with such 
additional sanctions as the Court may then find to be appropriate. 
8. Reasonable attorneys' fees for the three victims for all attorney time, costs, and 
expenses. 
9. Such other sanctions or remedies as the Court may find just and proper. 
CONCLUSION 
The Court should grant the three Victims' the relief requested above, including joinder in 
Farmer Jaffe's motion for sanctions and their own sanctions and other relief, for reasons as 
described in DE 6345 and DE 6357, as well as Farmer Jaffe's related pleadings. 
EFTA00808134
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6384 
Filed 05/14/18 
Page 4 of 6 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served 
electronically to all registered users on the CM/ECF system, which includes counsel identified on 
the service list below, on this 4`h day of May, 2018. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the undersigned attorney is appearing pro hac vice in this matter 
pursuant to court order dated May 4, 2018. 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: (801) 585-5202 
(above for address/contact purposes only, not to 
imply institutional endorsement) 
By: /s/ Paul G. Cassell 
Paul G. Cassell (Utah Bar No. 6078) 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Pro Hac Vice 
-AND — 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that I am admitted to the Bar of the United State District Court for 
the Southern District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to 
practice in this court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
SHAPIRO LAW 
8551 West Sunrise Boulevard 
Suite 300 
Plantation, Florida 33322 
Telephone: (954) 315-1157 
By: Is/ Peter E. Shapiro 
Peter E. Shapiro (FBN 615551) 
pshapiro @shapirolawpa.com 
Attorneys for Intervenors L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808135
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 09-34791-R BR 
Doc 6384 
Filed 05/14/18 
Page 5 of 6 
SERVICE LIST 
Bradley J. Edwards FLBN 542075 
Brittany N. Henderson FLBN 118247 Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Phone: (954)-524-2820 
Fax: (954)-524-2822 
brad@epllc.com 
brittany@epll.com 
Attorneys for Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehman, P.L. 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Link &Rockenbach, P.A. 
Scott @linIcrocklaw.com 
Kara@linIcrocklaw.com 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 561-727-3600 
Fax: 561-727-3601 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Florida Bar No.: 169440 
David P. Vitale, Jr., Esq. 
Florida Bar No.: 115179 
Attorney E-Mails: jsx@searcylaw.com; and mmccann@searcylaw.com 
Primary E-Mail: _scarolateam@searcylaw.com 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Fax: 
561-383-9451 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Niall T. McLachlan 
Carlton Fields Jorden Burt, P.A. 
100 S.E. Second Street, Suite 4200 
Miami, FL 33131 
mnmclachlan@cfjblaw.com 
Counsel for Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
EFTA00808136
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 09-34791-R BR 
Doc 6384 
Filed 05/14/18 
Page 6 of 6 
Isaac M. Marcushamer 
Berger Singerman LLPO 
1450 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1900 
Miami, FL 33131 
imarcushamer@bergersingerrnan.com 
Counsel for Litigating Trustee 
EFTA00808137

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808138.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-R BR 
Doc 6427 
Filed 08/16/18 
Page 1 of 2 
ORDERED in the Southern District of Florida on August 16, 2018. 
Raymond B. Ray, Judge 
United States Bankruptcy Court 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
www.fisb.uscourts.gov 
In re: 
ROTI ISTEIN ROSENFELD ADLER. PA. 
Debtor(s). 
Case No. 09-34791-BKC-RBR 
Chapter 11 
ORDER DENYING MOTION TO STRIKE INTERVENORS L.M., E.W., AND JANE DOE'S 
LIST OF REQUESTED RELIEF OR, IN THE ALTERNATIVE, 
TO CONDUCT LIMITED DEPOSITION DISCOVERY [D.E. 63931 
THIS MATTER came before the Court for a hearing on August I, 2018, upon the Motion to Strike 
Intervenors L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe's List of Requested Relief or, in the alternative, to Conduct Limited 
Deposition Discovery [D.E. 6393] (the "Motion"), Response [D.E. 6397], and Joinder [D.E. 6408] thereto. 
On April 20, 2018, the Court entered the Order to Show Cause Why Fowler White and Jeffrey Epstein 
Should Not be Held in Contempt of Court [D.E. 6366] (the "Order to Show Cause"), which directed Farmer 
Jaffe, Mr. Bradley Edwards, L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe to file a summary of their damages with the Court. 
EFTA00808138
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 09-34791-R BR 
Doc 6427 
Filed 08/16/18 
Page 2 of 2 
On May 14, 2018, Intervenors L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe filed a List of Requested Relief Sought in this 
Case [D.E. 6384], and Jeffrey Epstein filed the Motion [D.E. 6393] to strike this pleading because the 
pleading failed to comply with the Court's direction to file a summary of damages. 
After considering the Motion, argument from the parties, and the relevant law, the Court denies the 
Motion [D.E. 6393]. The Order to Show Cause directed the Intervenors to file a summary of damages, but 
the Order to Show Cause did not prohibit the Intervenors from filing additional pleadings, such as a List of 
Requested Relief. [D.E. 6366]. Intervenors remain required to file a summary damages, and the Court will 
permit a seven-day period for Intervenors to amend their pleading. Further, the Court will emphasize that 
summaries of damages were intended to facilitate the convenience of the Court, and the summaries of 
damages will not supplant evidence and testimony. The Court sees no valid reason for striking the pleading 
because the Court will refrain from placing any weight upon the pleading; the Court will determine the 
sufficiency of damages at the evidentiary Show Cause hearing after the parties present evidence and 
testimony. 
Accordingly, it is 
ORDERED that the Motion [D.E. 6393] is DENIED. The Intervenors L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe shall 
have seven (7) days from the date of entry of this Order to amend the List of Requested Relief Sought in 
this Case [D.E. 6384]. 
NW 
The Clerks shall provide copies to: 
Chad Pugatch. Esq. 
[Attorney Pugatch is directed to serve a conformed copy of this Order on all interested parties 
immediately upon receipt hereof and to file a certificate of service.] 
EFTA00808139

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808140.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6382 
Filed 05/14/18 
Page 1 of 7 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-RBR 
CHAPTER 11 
BRADLEY EDWARDS' SUMMARY OF DAMAGES 
Bradley J. Edwards, by and through undersigned counsel and pursuant to the Court's Order 
to Show Cause Why Fowler White and Jeffrey Epstein Should Not Be Held in Contempt and 
Scheduling Evidentiary Show Cause Hearing, hereby files this Summary of Damages, and states 
as follows: 
INTRODUCTION 
On April 19, 2018, the Court entered its Order to Show Cause Why Fowler White and 
Jeffrey Epstein Should Not Be Held in Contempt and Scheduling Evidentiary Show Cause Hearing 
(the "Show Cause Order"). In the Show Cause Order, the Court scheduled an evidentiary hearing 
for August 23 and 24, 2018, in which Jeffrey Epstein and his prior counsel, Fowler White, are 
required to show cause as to why they should be not be held in contempt of Court. 
The evidentiary hearing concerns Fowler White and Epstein's apparent violation of this 
Court's order dated November 30, 2010 [DE 1194], which governed the process by which 
approximately 27,000 documents, privileged and not privileged, potentially responsive to a 
subpoena issued in the Palm Beach State Court case of Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, Bradley 
J. Edwards, and L.M., Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, in and for Palm Beach County, Florida Case No. 
50-2009 CA 040800XXXX MB AG (hereinafter "the Epstein lawsuit") to the RRA trustee, were 
EFTA00808140
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6382 
Filed 05/14/18 
Page 2 of 7 
to be printed and bates stamped by Epstein's then-counsel, Fowler White. Specifically, the Court 
ordered in pertinent part as follows: 
[T]he law firm of Fowler White Burnett, P.A., will print a hard copy of all of the 
documents contained on the discs with Bates numbers added, and will provide a set 
of copied, stamped documents to the Special Master and an identical set to Farmer, 
who will use same to create its privilege log . . . Fowler White will not retain any 
copies of the documents contained on the discs provided to it, nor shall any 
images or copies of said documents be retained in the memory of Fowler 
White's copiers. Should it be determined that Fowler White or Epstein 
retained images or copies of the subject documents on its computer or 
otherwise, the Court retains jurisdiction to award sanctions in favor of 
Farmer, Brad Edwards or his client. 
(Emphasis added). Epstein's counsel, Fowler White, apparently retained a copy of the documents 
or images in violation of the Court's order by keeping a bates numbered CD in its files, which was 
later turned over the Epstein's trial counsel in the Epstein lawsuit, Link & Rockenbach, P.A. At 
least some of those improperly retained documents were then turned over to Epstein. 
Fowler White and Epstein's apparent violation of the Court's order was uncovered on the 
eve of trial of the Epstein lawsuit, which concerns a malicious prosecution claim filed by Edwards 
against Epstein, and which was previously set for trial on March 13, 2018.' Specifically, on March 
2, 2018, Epstein, through his trial counsel Link & Rockenbach, began filing documents into the 
state court record utilizing many of the improperly retained documents originating from the Fowler 
White CD at issue. As a result, extensive correspondence was exchanged between counsel and 
numerous pleadings were filed on these late-disclosed, privileged, and improperly retained 
communications, including but not limited to Edwards' Motion to Strike Epstein's Untimely 
Supplemental Exhibits and to Strike all Exhibits and Any Reference to Documents Contained 
Privileged Materials Listed on Edwards' Privilege Log, as well as the Supplement thereto filed on 
March 7, 2018, which identified this Court's November 30, 2010 Order prohibiting the retention 
I The trial was stayed and is now likely to go forward over the summer of 2018. 
EFTA00808141
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 09-34791-R BR 
Doc 6382 
Filed 05/14/18 Page 3 of 7 
of these materials. Edwards' counsel has expended significant time in addressing Epstein's 
possession of the improperly retained documents in the Epstein lawsuit, at both the trial and 
appellate levels of that state court proceeding. But for Fowler White improperly retaining these 
documents in violation of this Court's order, Edwards would not have incurred the significant time 
and expense in addressing this improper retention. 
Edwards hereby submits the following summary of his damages and requests that the Court 
fashion the appropriate relief to remedy all harm caused by or derived from the violations of this 
Court's November 30, 2010 order: 
1. An award of reasonable attorney's fees and costs for time expended in connection with 
Edwards' Joinder in the Motion for Order to Show Cause and all subsequent actions 
within this proceeding, including but not limited to the Show Cause Hearing currently 
set for August 23 and 24, 2018. Given that this proceeding remains ongoing, the amount 
of this damage category is yet to be determined but is conservatively estimated to 
exceed $5,000 to date. 
2. An award of reasonable attorney's fees and costs for time expended at both the trial 
and appellate court levels, in the Epstein lawsuit in Palm Beach State Court, in 
connection with Epstein's use of the improperly retained documents in that action. 
Epstein's attempt to utilize the improperly retained documents remains ongoing in the 
state court proceeding, and therefore the total amount of this damage category is yet to 
be determined but is conservatively estimated to exceed $15,000 to date. 
3. Daily sanction against Fowler White in the amount of $1,000 per day for each day that 
the violation continues in order to coerce and ensure compliance with this Court's 
Order until such time that Fowler White proves to the Court that it is in full compliance. 
EFTA00808142
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6382 
Filed 05/14/18 
Page 4 of 7 
This sanction should be assessed from the day when it is proven as the first day of the 
violation. 
4. Daily sanction against Jeffrey Epstein in the amount of $1,000 per day for each day 
that the violation continues in order to coerce and ensure compliance with this Court's 
Order until such time that Jeffrey Epstein proves to the Court that he is in full 
compliance. This sanction should be assessed from the day when it is proven as the 
first day of the violation. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that, pursuant to L.R. 9011-4(B) the undersigned counsel is 
qualified to practice before this Court. 
I HEREY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served on 
electronically to the examinee, the debtor, the attorney for the debtor, the trustee, all CM/ECF 
subscribers, and by email or U.S. Mail on those parties listed on the attached service list this 14th
day of May, 2018. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that I am admitted to the Bar of the United States District Court 
for the Southern District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to 
practice in this court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
/s/ David P. Vitale Jr. 
Jack Scarola 
Florida Bar No.: 169440 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Florida Bar No.: 115179 
Attorney E-Mails: jsrasearcylaw.com; and 
mmccann@searcylaw.com 
Primary E-Mail: _scarolateam@searcylaw.com 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Fax: 
561-383-9451 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808143
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6382 
Filed 05/14/18 
Page 5 of 7 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on May 14, 2018, I electronically filed the foregoing document 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certified that the foregoing document is being 
served this day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the on the attached Service 
List in the manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized 
to receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
/s/ David P. Vitale Jr. 
DAVID P. VITALE JR. 
Florida Bar No.: 115179 
Primary E-Mail: _scarolateam@searcylaw.com 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Fax: 
561-383-9451 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808144
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 09-34791-R BR 
Doc 6382 
Filed 05/14/18 
Page 6 of 7 
SERVICE LIST 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., Esq. 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
901 Phillips Point West 
777 South Flagler Drive 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401-6170 
Phone: (561) 802-9044 
Fax: (561) 802-9976 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Scott@linkrocklaw.com 
ICara@linkrocklaw.com 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 561-727-3600 
Fax: 561-727-3601 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
jgoldberger@agvvpa.com; smahoney@agwpa.com 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-659-8300 
Fax: (561)-835-8691 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Phil Burlington, Esq. 
Nichole J. Segal, Esquire 
njs@FLAppellateLaw.com; kbt@FLAppellateLaw.com 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-721-0400 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EDWARDS POTTINGER LLC 
Bradley J. Edwards FLBN 54207 
Brittany N. Henderson FLBN 118247 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-524-2820 
EFTA00808145
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 09-34791-R BR 
Doc 6382 
Filed 05/14/18 
Page 7 of 7 
Fax: (954)-524-2822 
Attorneys for Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
Florida Bar No.: 225657 
Attorney E-Mail(s): jay@jayhowell.com 
644 Cesery Blvd. #250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
(904) 680-1234 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
(above for address purposes only) 
Attorney E-Mail: cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808146

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808147.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1 Filed 05/25/17 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
X 
RADAR ONLINE LLC 
Plaintiff, 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION, 
Defendant. 
X 
COMPLAINT 
1. This is an action under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 ("FOIA"), to order 
the production of Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI") records concerning the agency's 
investigation and prosecution of financier Jeffrey Edward Epstein ("Epstein") for sexually 
trafficking underage women. Defendant FBI has withheld these records despite a properly 
filed FOIA request. 
PARTIES 
2. Plaintiff Radar Online LLC ("Radar") is an online investigative news outlet read by millions. 
3. The FBI, a component of the Department of Justice, is an agency of the United States with 
possession and control of the records sought by Plaintiff. 
JURISDICTION AND VENUE 
4. This court has jurisdiction over this action pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1331 and 5 U.S.C. § 
552(a)(4)(B). 
5. Radar's principal place of business is New York City and therefore venue is appropriate 
EFTA00808147
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1 Filed 05/25/17 Page 2 of 3 
under 5 U.S.C. § 552(a)(4)(B). 
FACTS 
Background of Request 
6. Jeffrey Epstein is a billionaire financier, philanthropist, and sex offender. In 2005, Epstein 
became the subject of an undercover sex trafficking investigation by Palm Beach, Florida 
police and the FBI. Dozens of underage women were trafficked by Epstein to perform sexual 
acts on him as well as his friends. 
7. Despite the gravity of his offenses, the Department of Justice allowed Epstein to plead guilty 
to a single count of soliciting prostitution from a minor under Florida state law, and serve 
only 13 months in prison. In addition, prosecutors agreed not to bring charges against 
Epstein's alleged co-conspirators. 
8. Mr. Epstein enjoyed close ties to numerous prominent political figures, including former 
President Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew of the British Royal Family, leading many to 
speculate whether he received preferential treatment from authorities. See Goodnough, Abby, 
"Questions of Preferential Treatment Are Raised in Florida Sex Case," The New York Times, 
Sep. 3, 2006. (Exhibit A) 
FOIA Request and Constructive Denial 
9. On April 20, 2017 James Robertson, a Senior Editor for The National Enquirer and sister-
publication Radar Online, submitted a FOIA request to the FBI for all documents relating to 
the investigation and prosecution of Epstein (the "Request"). (Exhibit B) 
10. Robertson requested expedited processing because Epstein's crimes are the subject of 
widespread and exceptional media interest, and raise questions about the government's 
integrity, which affects public confidence; specifically, whether Mr. Epstein received 
EFTA00808148
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1 Filed 05/25/17 Page 3 of 3 
preferential treatment from authorities due to his wealth, connections, and political leverage. 
11. The FBI has provided no response to Mr. Robertson's request, nor even assigned it a tracking 
number. By failing to provide - or formally deny - documents within twenty working days, 
the FBI has constructively denied the request under 5 U.S. Code § 552(a)(6)(A)(ii). 
CAUSE OF ACTION 
Violation of the Freedom of Information Act for Wrongful Withholding of Agency Records 
12. Plaintiff repeats and realleges paragraphs 1-11. 
13. Defendant FBI has wrongfully withheld agency records requested by Plaintiff. 
14. Plaintiff has exhausted all administrative remedies. 
REOUESTED RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff requests this Court: 
(A) Order defendant to provide access to the requested documents in their entirety; 
(B) Expedite this proceeding as provided for in 28 U.S.C. § 1657; 
(C) Award plaintiff costs and reasonable attorney fees in this action, as provided in 5 
U.S.C. § 552(a)(4)(E); and 
(D) Grant such other and further relief as may deem just and proper. 
Dated: May 25, 2017 
By: 
Alevaa 
Daniel Novack 
NY BAR ID: 5010863 
Law Office of Daniel R. Novack 
New York Plaza (2nd Floor) 
New York, NY 10004 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
EFTA00808149
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1-1 Filed 05/25/17 Page 1 of 5 
sbeNew ijorkeinto 
U.S. 
Questions of Preferential Treatment Are 
Raised in Florida Sex Case 
By ABBY GOODNOUGH 
SEPT. 3, 2006 
PALM BEACH, Fla. — In the summer and autumn of last year, when most of the 
mansions here stood empty behind their towering hedges, the police stealthily 
watched one at the end of a waterside lane. They monitored the comings and goings 
of its owner's private jet, subpoenaed his phone records and riffled through his 
trash. 
The owner was Jeffrey Epstein, 53, an intensely private New York money 
manager with several billionaire clients. Months earlier, the stepmother of a 14-year-
old girl told the Palm Beach police that a wealthy older man, whom the girl later 
identified as Mr. Epstein, might have had inappropriate sexual contact with her. 
In sworn statements to the police, the 14-year-old and other teenage girls said a 
friend had arranged for them to visit Mr. Epstein's home and give him massages, 
usually in their underwear, in exchange for cash. 
Most of the girls, according to the police, said Mr. Epstein had masturbated 
during the massages, and a few said he had penetrated them with his fingers or 
penis. They identified him in photos and accurately described the inside of his home. 
Some recalled that his employees had fed them snacks or rented them cars. 
EFTA00808150
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1-1 Filed 05/25/17 Page 2 of 5 
Mr. Epstein pleaded not guilty in August to the crime he was ultimately charged 
with, soliciting prostitution. But at a time when prosecutors around the nation have 
become increasingly severe in dealing with people accused of sex offenses, the case 
has raised questions about whether Mr. Epstein's prominence won him preferential 
treatment. 
By the account of the police, they found probable cause to charge Mr. Epstein 
with much more serious offenses: one count of lewd and lascivious molestation and 
four counts of unlawful sexual activity with a minor. 
But instead of proceeding with such charges on his own, the Palm Beach County 
state attorney took the rare step of presenting a broad range of possible charges to a 
grand jury, which indicted Mr. Epstein in July on the lesser count. In Florida, 
prosecutors usually refer only capital cases to grand juries. 
Even before the indictment, the Palm Beach police chief, Michael Reiter, had 
accused prosecutors of giving Mr. Epstein special treatment and asked the state 
attorney, Barry E. Krischer, to remove himself from the case. 
In an editorial, The Palm Beach Post attacked Mr. Krischer, a Democrat whose 
post is elective, saying the public had been left "to wonder whether the system tilted 
in favor of a wealthy, well-connected alleged perpetrator and against very young girls 
who are alleged victims of sex crimes." 
The case has taken a toll on the reputation of Mr. Epstein, who owns a palatial 
home in Manhattan, has pledged $3o million to Harvard and once flew former 
President Bill Clinton on his 727. Politicians including Eliot Spitzer, a Democratic 
candidate for governor in New York, and Gov. Bill Richardson of New Mexico, also a 
Democrat, have returned campaign contributions from him. 
But Mr. Epstein fought back, assembling a team of star lawyers, including 
Gerald B. Lefcourt and Alan M. Dershowitz, a friend of his, to look into the 
backgrounds of his young accusers. 
Mr. Lefcourt says that the police acted "outrageously" and that his client has 
been wrongfully dragged through the mud. 
EFTA00808151
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1-1 Filed 05/25/17 Page 3 of 5 
"He disputes that he ever had sex with any under-age person or anything like 
that," said Mr. Lefcourt, whose clients have included Russell Crowe, Martha Stewart 
and Abbie Hoffman. 
Neither the police nor the state attorney's office would discuss the case in detail. 
But the police released a thick report on the 13-month investigation after the 
indictment was unsealed in late July. 
The police started investigating Mr. Epstein in March 2005, almost immediately 
after they were contacted by the stepmother of the 14-year-old, who, according to the 
report, was in a special school for students with disciplinary problems. 
The girl, the report said, told the police that an older friend had "offered her an 
opportunity to make money" and had driven her to Mr. Epstein's house one Sunday. 
The friend, identified by the police as 
a local community college 
student, told the girl to say she was 18 if Mr. Epstein asked, the report said. 
The girl told the police that Mr. Epstein's assistant had led her upstairs to a 
room with a massage table and that Mr. Epstein had come in and told her to remove 
her clothes. She said Mr. Epstein had masturbated as she massaged him, had 
pressed a vibrator against her underwear and had given her $300 afterward. 
In October, the police interviewed Ms. 
, then 19, who told them Mr. 
Epstein had routinely paid her to bring teenage girls to his home. The police then 
interviewed a total of 5 alleged victims and 17 witnesses, many of whom told similar 
stories about what they had observed or participated in at Mr. Epstein's home. 
According to the report, at least one said Mr. Epstein had engaged in intercourse 
with her. 
Mr. Lefcourt, his lawyer, said one girl who told the police of having had sex with 
Mr. Epstein as a minor had lied about both the sex and her age and had not shown 
up for grand jury questioning. He also said Mr. Epstein had passed a lie-detector test 
clearing him of any sexual involvement with under-age girls. 
A spokeswoman for the Palm Beach police said that early this year, the police 
went to Mr. ICrischer, the state attorney, intending to apply for warrants to arrest 
EFTA00808152
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1-1 Filed 05/25/17 Page 4 of 5 
Mr. Epstein. Instead, she said, they were told that Mr. Krischer would convene a 
grand jury to examine the evidence and decide what charges, if any, to bring. 
Around that time, the police report said, Mr. Dershowitz met with prosecutors 
to share information about the accusers, including statements they had posted on 
MySpace.com, the social networking site, concerning use of drugs and alcohol. 
According to the report, Mr. ICrischer's office then decided to delay the grand jury 
session for several months. 
The Palm Beach police grew frustrated, the report said, and on May 1 the 
department asked prosecutors to approve warrants to arrest Mr. Epstein. 
Chief Reiter also wrote Mr. Krischer questioning "the unusual course that your 
office's handling of this matter has taken" and suggesting that Mr. Krischer 
disqualify himself. Chief Reiter refused several requests to be interviewed, and his 
spokeswoman would not say explicitly why he had urged the prosecutor to step 
aside. 
Mike Edmondson, a spokesman for Mr. Krischer, said the state attorney's office 
sometimes sent noncapital cases to grand juries when there were questions about 
witness credibility. Mr. Krischer does not recommend a particular charge in such 
cases, Mr. Edmondson said, but gives the grand jury a list of possible charges. 
Bruce J. Winick, a law professor at the University of Miami, said that while 
prosecutors in Florida rarely referred noncapital cases to grand juries, they 
sometimes did so with sensitive cases to be extra-cautious. 
Mr. Lefcourt said the police were wrong to have released the report so soon, 
especially without correcting information that later proved wrong. He cited his 
assertion that one accuser had lied about her age, adding that she had also been 
arrested on drug charges and had been fired by her employer for stealing. 
"What I'm trying to focus on," Mr. Lefcourt said, "is, What's motivating the 
selective and misleading release of information to the public?" 
A version of this article appears in print on , on Page A19 of the New York edition with the headline: 
Questions of Preferential Treatment Are Raised in Florida Sex Case. 
EFTA00808153
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1-1 Filed 05/25/17 Page 5 of 5 
© 2017 The New York Times Company 
EFTA00808154
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1-2 Filed 05/25/17 Page 1 of 3 
ENQUIRER 
April 20, 2017 
VIA FOIA PORTAL 
TO: 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
FROM: 
James Robertson 
Senior Managing Editor 
The National Enquirer 
New York Plaza (2' Floor) 
New York, NY  10004 
Dear Sir or Madam, 
I am a reporter and editor for The National Enquirer. I request records under the provisions 
of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C.§ 552. 
Request 
The Enquirer seeks all documents relating to the FBI's investigation and prosecution of 
financier Jeffrey Edward Epstein, who pled guilty to one count of felony solicitation of 
prostitution in August 2006. 
Background 
Jeffrey Epstein is a billionaire financier, philanthropist, and sex offender. In 2005, Epstein 
became the subject of an undercover sex trafficking investigation by Palm Beach, Florida 
police and the FBI. Dozens of underage women claimed that they had been trafficked by 
Epstein to perform sexual acts on him as well as his friends. 
Many prominent political figures have been connected to Mr. Epstein's child-trafficking 
ring, including former President Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew of the British Royal 
Family. 
Links: (Bill Clinton) http://www.foxnews.corn/us/2016/05/13/flight-logs-show-bill-clinton-
flew-on-sex-offenders-jet-much-more-than-previously-known.html; (Prince Andrew) 
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/10/jeffrey-epstein-decade-scandal-prince-
andrew 
Despite the gravity of his offenses, the Department of Justice agreed to allow Epstein to 
plead guilty to a single count of soliciting prostitution from an underage girl under Florida 
state law, and served only 13 months in prison. In addition, prosecutors agreed not to bring 
charges against Epstein's alleged co-conspirators. 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA00808155
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1-2 Filed 05/25/17 Page 2 of 3 
ENQUIRER 
Link: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/10/jeffrey-epstein-decade-scandal-
prince-andrew 
Papers filed in a 2006 lawsuit alleged that Epstein surreptitiously recorded sexual activity 
between prominent individuals and underage girls for purposes of blackmail, leaving many 
to wonder whether potential blackmail material played a role in his light sentence: 
Link: http://www.ibtimes.com.au/prince-andrew-might-have-been-caught-tape-sex-slave-
1407641 
Expedited Processing 
This request has been the subject of the request is of widespread and exceptional media 
interest and the information sought involves possible questions about the government's 
integrity which affects public confidence. Specifically; the issue of whether Mr. Epstein's 
wealth and connections secured him favorable treatment by the DOJ. 
Given that a civil defamation trial between one of Epstein's victims and his alleged co-
conspirator, Ghislaine Maxwell, has just begun, the topic is of renewed interest to the 
public and therefore is worthy of expedited processing. 
Certification 
The above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. 
Fee Waiver 
The National Enquirer is a news organization. Under 5 U.S.C. § 552(a)(4)(A)(iii), the 
Enquirer is entitled to a fee waiver because disclosure of the information sought is in the 
public interest, is likely to contribute significantly to public understanding of the operations 
or activities of the government, and is not primarily in the commercial interest of the 
requester. 
Electronic Records 
Please furnish all responsive records in electronic format. 
Further Correspondence 
All correspondence regarding this request can be directed to me at jrobertson@amilink.com 
Please be aware that under 5 U.S.C. § 552(a)(6)(A), a FOIA request is considered 
constructively denied after twenty business days. 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00808156
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Document 1-2 Filed 05/25/17 Page 3 of 3 
ENQUIRER 
If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact me. 
Thank you for your prompt attention to this request. 
Sincerely, 
James Robertson 
Senior Managing Editor 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00808157

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808158.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVE ROADRUCK 
PRESIDENT 
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC 
12887 PLUMMER GRANT ROAD 
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32258 
EMAIL: MMEIIIM
INI 
MEMORANDUM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
From: Steve Roadruck 
Re: 
Hosain Rahman 
Date: 02/26/18 
R-29-18 
Hosain Rahman, DOB: 
SSN: 
2171 Jackson Street, San Francisco, CA 94115 
FAX: 
I have attached a Comprehensive Report which did not contain any 
negative information. 
I researched his name in the U.S. District Courts and found two civil 
cases. 
2:16-cv-0035-JCL 
JP Morgan Chase Bank v. Rahman 
This is a default on a real property mortgage. Also named is Alicia 
Engstrom, who he lives with. The bank stated that Hosain Rahman 
defaulted on two Promissory Notes and was indebted in the amount of 
$9,287,674.45. 
EFTA00808158
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hosain Rahman was served at JawBone, 99 Rhode Island Street, 3" 
Floor, San Francisco, Ca 94103. 
I have attached the Complaint, Answer and docket sheet. The case was 
dismissed on 08/23/17. 
3:12-cv-00655-JSW 
Aliphcom et al v John Doe 
It appears in this case Hosain's company was being harassed and 
defamed by other parties who were generating false face book pages and 
other computer fraud. 
The plaintiffs dismissed this case. I copied the docket and complaint. 
I checked Hosain Rahman in San Francisco and found a recent civil case 
which is still pending, Rahman is being sued by Protempo Limited who 
have made allegations of fraud. I copied what was available on line 
which includes the second amended complaint and the judges most 
recent order. 
I did an official records search and copied his index. He has had two 
notices of defaults in the last two years and the first notice was 
rescinded. 
I conducted a social media search. I did not find anything real negative. 
It just looks like he is having a hard time generating Capital. 
EFTA00808159
--- PAGE 3 ---
CLOSED,CONSMAG 
U.S. District Court 
District of Montana (Butte) 
CIVIL DOCKET FOR CASE #: 2:16-cv-00035-JCL 
JP Morgan Chase Bank v. Rahman et al 
Assigned to: Magistrate Judge Jeremiah C. Lynch 
Cause: 28:1345 Foreclosure 
Plaintiff 
JP Morgan Chase Bank 
Date Filed: 07/11/2016 
Date Terminated: 08/23/2017 
Jury Demand: None 
Nature of Suit: 220 Real Property: 
Foreclosure 
Jurisdiction: Diversity 
represented by Michael A. Monson 
HOLLAND & HART - BILLINGS 
401 North 31st Street 
Suite 1500 
Billies MT 59101-1277 
Email: 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Shane Coleman 
HOLLAND & HART - BILLINGS 
401 North 31st Street 
Suite 1500 
Billin 
MT 59101-1277 
Fax: 
Email: 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Adrian Ann Miller 
SULLIVAN MILLER LAW PLLC 
3860 Avenue B, Suite C East 
Billin s• MT 59102 
Fax: 
Email: 
TERMINATED: 03/03/2017 
Michelle Millhollin Sullivan 
SULLIVAN MILLER LAW PLLC 
3860 Avenue B, Suite C East 
Billin , MT 59102 
Fax: 
Email: 
EFTA00808160
--- PAGE 4 ---
TERMINATED: 03/03/2017 
V. 
Defendant 
Hosain Rahman 
an individual 
Defendant 
Alicia Engstrom 
an individual 
represented by James Devlan Geddes 
GOETZ, BALDWIN & GEDDES, M. 
North Grand 
PO Box 6580 
Boze
NNW=
man MT 59771-6580 
Fax: 
Email: 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Trent M. Gardner 
GOETZ, BALDWIN & GEDDES, M. 
North Grand 
PO Box 6580 
Bozeman, MT 59771-6580 
406-587-0618 
Fax: 587-5144 
Email: 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
represented by James l)cvlan Geddes 
(See above for address) 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Trent M. Gardner 
(See above for address) 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
AlTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Date Filed 
# Docket Text 
07/11/2016 
COMPLAINT against Alicia Engstrom, Hosain Rahman, filed by JP Morgan Chase Bank 
(Attachments: #1 Exhibit 1, # 2 Exhibit 2, # a Exhibit 3, # 4 Exhibit 4, # 5 Exhibit 5, # ñ 
Exhibit 6, # 2 Civil Cover Sheet) (ELL, ) (Entered: 07/11/2016) 
07/11/2016 
Summons Issued as to Alicia Engstrom, Hosain Rahman. (ELL, ) Modified on 7/12/2016 
to indicate that original summons were mailed to cnsl for service (ELL, ). (Entered: 
07/11/2016) 
07/11/2016 
Filing fee: $ 400.00, receipt number 0977-1805598 (ELL, ) (Entered: 07/11/2016) 
07/11/2016 
Corporate Disclosure Statement by JP Morgan Chase Bank. (Sullivan, Michelle) (Entered: 
07/11/2016) 
EFTA00808161
--- PAGE 5 ---
07/11/2016 
NOTICE of Lis Pendens by JP Morgan Chase Bank (Sullivan, Michelle) (Entered: 
07/11/2016) 
07/13/2016 
i 
PRELIMINARY PRETRIAL CONFERENCE ORDERPreliminary Pretrial Statement due 
by 10/11/2016. Joint Discovery Plan due by 10/11/2016. Statement of Stipulated Facts due 
by 10/11/2016. Pretrial Conference set for 10/18/2016 at 02:00 PM in Missoula, MT 
before Magistrate Judge Jeremiah C. Lynch. Signed by Magistrate Judge Jeremiah C. 
Lynch on 7/13/2016. (TXB, ) (Entered: 07/13/2016) 
07/26/2016 
SUMMONS Returned Executed by JP Morgan Chase Bank. Alicia Engstrom served on 
7/14/2016, answer due 8/4/2016. (Sullivan, Michelle) (Entered: 07/26/2016) 
07/26/2016 
SUMMONS Returned Executed by JP Morgan Chase Bank. Hosain Rahman served on 
7/14/2016, answer due 8/4/2016. (Sullivan, Michelle) (Entered: 07/26/2016) 
08/19/2016 
B NOTICE of Appearance by Trent M. Gardner on behalf of Alicia Engstrom, Hosain 
Rahman (Gardner, Trent) (Entered: 08/19/2016) • 
08/19/2016 
MOTION for Extension of Time to File Answer re 1 Complaint Unopposed Motion for 
Extension of Time Trent M. Gardner appearing for Defendants Alicia Engstrom, Hosain 
Rahman Motions referred to Jeremiah C. Lynch. (Attachments: # 1 Text of Proposed 
Order) (Gardner, Trent) (Entered: 08/19/2016)
08/22/2016 
IQ Mailing of Consent as Presiding Judge. Mailed electronically to counsel Trent M. Gardner, 
Michael A. Monson, Michelle Millhollin Sullivan, Adrian Ann MillerConsent/Objection to 
USMJ Form due by 9/9/2016. (ELL, ) (Entered: 08/22/2016) 
08/22/2016 
ORDER granting 2 Motion for Extension of Time to Answer All Defendants. Signed by 
Magistrate Judge Jeremiah C. Lynch on 8/22/2016. (TXB, ) (Entered: 08/22/2016) 
09/02/2016 
ANSWER to 1 Complaint by Alicia Engstrom, HoSain Rahman. (Gardner, Trent) (Entered: 
09/02/2016) 
09/02/2016 
Mailing of Consent RE US Magistrate Judge. Mailed electronically to counsel Trent M. 
Gardner, Michael A. Monson, Michelle Millhollin Sullivan, Adrian Ann 
MillerConsent/Objection to USMJ Form due by 9/19/2016. (ELL, ) (Entered: 09/02/2016) 
09/20/2016 
CONSENTS TO USMJ. (ELL, ) (Entered: 09/20/2016) 
09/20/2016 
Clerk's Notice Upon Consent to USMJ. Case reassigned to Magistrate Judge Jeremiah C. 
Lynch (ELL, ) (Entered: 09/20/2016) 
10/10/2016 
Joint MOTION for Leave to Appear Telephonically Michelle Millhollin Sullivan 
appearing for Plaintiff JP Morgan Chase Bank (Attachments: # 1 Text of Proposed Order) 
(Sullivan, Michelle) (Entered: 10/10/2016) 
10/11/2016 
ORDER granting 16 Motion for Leave to Appear telephonically Signed by Magistrate 
Judge Jeremiah C. Lynch on 10/11/2016. (TCL, ) (Entered: 10/11/2016) 
10/11/2016 
la PRELIMINARY PRETRIAL STATEMENT by JP Morgan Chase Bank. (Sullivan; 
Michelle) (Entered: 10/11/2016) 
10/11/2016 
JOINT DISCOVERY PLAN by JP Morgan Chase Bank. (Sullivan, Michelle) (Entered: 
10/11/2016) 
10/11/2016 
2Q STATEMENT OF STIPULATED FACTS by JP Morgan Chase Bank. (Sullivan, Michelle) 
(Entered: 10/11/2016) 
10/11/2016 
PRELIMINARY PRETRIAL STATEMENT by Alicia Engstrom, Hosain Rahman. 
(Geddes, James) (Entered:10/11/2016) 
EFTA00808162
--- PAGE 6 ---
10/18/2016 
MINUTE ENTRYMinute Entry for proceedings held before Magistrate Judge Jeremiah C. 
Lynch: Initial Pretrial Conference (telephonic) held on 10/18/2016. (TXB, ) (Entered: 
10/18/2016) 
10/18/2016 
SCHEDULING ORDER:. Bench Trial set for 6/12/2017 at 09:00 AM in Butte, MT before 
Magistrate Judge Jeremiah C. Lynch. Final Pretrial Conference set for 6/12/2017 at 09:00 
AM in Butte, MT before Magistrate Judge Jeremiah C. Lynch. Amended Pleadings due by 
11/4/2016. Discovery due by 4/7/2017. Motions due by 5/8/2017. Signed by Magistrate 
Judge Jeremiah C. Lynch on 10/18/2016. (TXB, ) (Entered: 10/18/2016) 
03/03/2017 
NOTICE of Substitution of Counsel - Shane P. Coleman - by JP Morgan Chase Bank 
(Coleman, Shane) (Entered: 03/03/2017) 
04/17/2017 
MOTION for Summary Judgment Shane Coleman• appearing for Plaintiff JP Morgan 
Chase Bank (Coleman, Shane) (Entered: 04/17/2017) 
04/17/2017 
2.6 Brief/Memorandum in Support re 25 MOTION for Summary Judgment filed by JP 
Morgan Chase Bank. (Coleman, Shane) (Entered: 04/17/2017) 
04/17/2017 
AFFIDAVIT/DECLARATION re 25 MOTION for Summary JudgMent , 2.€ 
Brief/Memorandum in Support - DECLARATION OF JOEY ORR IN SUPPORT OF 
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT - by JP Morgan Chase Bank. 
(Attachments: # 1 Exhibit 1 - Original Term Promissory Note, # 2 Exhibit 2 - First 
Mortgage, # 2 Exhibit 3 - Original Grid Note, # 4 Exhibit 4 - Second Mortgage, # I 
Exhibit 5 - Modification to Original Term Promissory Note, # n Exhibit 6 - Amended and 
Restated Grid Note) (Coleman, Shane) (Entered: 04/17/2017) 
04/17/2017 
za Statement of Undisputed Fact re: 25 MOTION for Summary Judgment by JP Morgan 
Chase Bank filed by JP Morgan Chase Bank. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit 1 - Original Term 
Promissory Note, # 2 Exhibit 2 - First Mortgage, #1 Exhibit 3 - Original Grid Note, # 4 
Exhibit 4 - Second Mortgage, # 5 Exhibit 5 - Modification to Original Term Promissory 
Note, # fi Exhibit 6 - Amended and Restated Grid Note, # 2 Exhibit 7 - Excerpts from 
Depo of Hosain S. Rahman dated March 20, 2017) (Coleman, Shane) (Entered: 
04/17/2017) 
05/03/2017 
Unopposed MOTION for Extension of Time to File Response/Reply Trent M. Gardner 
appearing for Defendants Alicia Engstrom, Hosain Rahman (Attachments: # 1 Text of 
Proposed Order) (Gardner, Trent) (Entered: 05/03/2017) 
05/03/2017 
TEXT ORDER granting 22 Motion for Extension of Time to File Response/Reply re 25 
MOTION for Summary Judgment Responses due by 5/22/2017. Signed by Magistrate 
Judge Jeremiah C. Lynch on 5/3/2017. (TXB) (Entered: 05/03/2017) 
, 
05/19/2017 
Joint MOTION to Vacate Scheduling Order Trent M. Gardner appearing for Defendants 
Alicia Engstrom, Hosain Rahman (Attachments: # 1 Text of Proposed Order) (Gardner, 
Tkent) (Entered: 05/19/2017) 
05/22/2017 
TEXT ORDER. Pursuant to joint motion of the parties, the scheduling order in this matter, 
including the trial date, is vacated. And the pending motion for summary judgment is 
denied as moot. IT IS SO ORDERED Signed by Magistrate Judge Jeremiah C. Lynch on 
5/22/2017. (Lynch, Jeremiah) (Entered: 05/22/2017) 
08/17/2017 
STATUS REPORT ORDER Status Report due by 8/31/2017. Signed by Magistrate Judge 
Jeremiah C. Lynch on 8/17/2017. (TXB) (Enteled::08/17/2017) 
08/22/2017 
STIPULATION of Dismissal WITHOUT PREJUDICE by JP Morgan Chase Bank. 
(Attachments: #.1 
Text of Proposed Order) (Coleman, Shane) (Entered: 08/22/2017) 
08/23/2017 
ORDER DISMISSING CASE. Pursuant to the parties Stipulation, this matter is hereby 
EFTA00808163
--- PAGE 7 ---
dismissed without prejudice. Each party shall bear its own costs and fees. Signed by 
I 
I 
Magistrate Judge Jeremiah C. Lynch on 8/23/2017. (ELL) (Entered: 08/23/2017) 
PACER Service Center 
Transaction Receipt 
0246/2018 09.15:13 
PACER 
Login: 
roadruck:2623271:0 Client Code: 
rjk 
Description: 
Docket Report 
Search 
Criteria: 
2:16-cv-00035- 
JCL 
Billable 
Pages: 
Cost: 
0.40 
EFTA00808164
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 2:16-cv-00035-JCL Document 12 Filed •09/02/16 Page 1 of 7 
J. Devlan Geddes 
Trent M. Gardner 
GOETZ, BALDWIN & GEDDES, P. C. 
North Grand 
P.O. Box 6580 
Bozem 
- 
Ph: 
Fax: 
Email: 
ATTORNEYS FOR DEFENDANTS 
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF MONTANA 
BUTTE DIVISION 
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
HOSAIN RAHMAN, an individual; and 
ALICIA ENGSTROM, an individual, 
Defendants. 
Cause No. CV-16-35-BU-BMM-JCL 
DEFENDANTS' ANSWER TO 
COMPLAINT 
Defendants Hosain Rahman and Alicia Engstrom, through counsel, answer 
the Complaint of Plaintiff JP Morgan Chase Bank, in, as follows: 
1. 
Defendants lack personal knowledge as to the truth of the allegations 
of paragraph 1 and therefore deny the same. 
EFTA00808165
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 2:16-cv-00035-JCL Document 12 Filed 09/02/16 Page 2 of 7 
2. 
Answering paragraph 2, Defendants admit they are the makers of 
certain notes and have granted certain mortgages, and deny the remainder of the 
allegations. 
3. 
Admit paragraph 3. 
4. 
Admit paragraph 4. 
5. 
Admit paragraph 5. 
6. 
Admit paragraph 6. 
7. 
Admit paragraph 7. 
8. 
Admit paragraph 8 and affirmatively assert that repayment of the loan 
was dependent on certain uncertain events, including sale of certain stock, and that 
Defendants entered the loan agreement with the understanding that, if those 
events did not occur, Plaintiff would work in good faith to extend the maturity date. 
9. 
Admit paragraph 9. 
10. 
Admit paragraph 10 and affirmatively assert that repayment of the 
loan was dependent on certain uncertain events, including sale of certain stock, and 
that Defendants entered the loan agreement with the understanding that, if those 
events did not occur, Plaintiff would work in good faith to extend the maturity date. 
11. 
Admit paragraph 11. 
12. 
Admit paragraph 12. 
13. 
Admit paragraph 13 and affirmatively assert that repayment of the 
loan was dependent on certain uncertain events, including sale of certain stock, and 
-2-
EFTA00808166
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 2:16-cv-00035-JCL Document 12 Filed 09/02/16 Page 3 of 7 
that Defendants entered the loan agreement with the understanding that, if those 
events did not occur, Plaintiff would work in good faith to extend the maturity date.. 
14. 
Defendants lack personal knowledge as to the truth of the allegations 
of paragraph 14 and therefore deny the same. 
15. 
Answering paragraph 15, admit that the Notes have not been repaid in 
full due to the non-occurrence of certain events which were required for repayment. 
Defendants affirmatively state that Plaintiff was aware that repayment was 
dependent on the occurrence of certain events which Plaintiff knew were uncertain 
and that Plaintiff represented that, if such events did not occur, Plaintiff would 
work in good faith with Defendants to extend the repayment terms. Defendants 
have failed to do so and have, instead, made unreasonable demands on Defendants 
in return for extending the maturity dates or forebearing. Deny any remaining 
allegations. 
COUNT ONE 
(Judgment Against Borrowers on the Notes) 
16. 
Defendants incorporate the answers to the preceding paragraphs as 
though fully .set forth herein. 
17. 
Answering paragraph 17, admit that the Notes have not been paid 
pursuant to their terms, but affirmatively state Defendants have failed to work in 
good faith to allow repayment and deny any remaining allegations. 
18. 
Defendants lack personal knowledge as to the allegations of paragraph 
sufficient to form a believe as to their truth and therefore deny the same. 
-3-
EFTA00808167
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 2:16-cv-00035-JCL Document 12 Filed 09/02/16 Page 4 of 7 
19. 
Defendants lack personal knowledge as to the allegations of paragraph 
sufficient to form a believe as to their truth and therefore deny the same. 
20. 
Defendants lack personal knowledge as to the allegations of paragraph 
sufficient to form a believe as to their truth and therefore deny the same. 
21. 
Defendants lack personal knowledge as to the allegations of paragraph 
sufficient to form a believe as to their truth and therefore deny the same. 
22. 
Answering paragraph 22, admit Plaintiff has made demand and that a 
notice of default was sent, but affirmatively state Defendants have failed to work in 
good faith to allow repayment and deny any remaining allegations. 
23. 
Answering paragraph 23, admit the Notes contain an attorneys' fees 
provision and deny all remaining allegations. 
24. 
Answering paragraph 24, admit that interest continues to accrue on 
the Notes and deny all remaining allegations. 
25. 
Defendants lack personal knowledge as to the truth of the allegations 
of paragraph 25 and therefore deny the same. 
COUNT TWO 
(Foreclosure of the Mortgages) 
26. 
Defendants incorporate the answers to the preceding paragraphs as 
though fully set forth herein. 
27. 
Answering paragraph 27, admit that the First Mortgage secured 
performance of obligations under the Term Promissory Note and that failure to 
comply with the terms of the Term Promissory Note can constitute default under 
the First. Mortgage. Deny all remaining allegations. 
-4-
EFTA00808168
--- PAGE 12 ---
C.J.0- tAI-LAAAID-J1/40L 
uocumeni 
it 
rnea U/UL/les rage 5 or 
28. 
Answering paragraph 28, admit that the Second Mortgage secured 
performance of obligations under the Grid Time Promissory Note and that failure to 
comply with the terms of the Grid Time Promissory Note can constitute default. 
under the Second Mortgage. Deny all remaining allegations. 
29. 
Answering paragraph 29 admit that amounts owed under the Notes 
have not been paid and deny the remainder of the allegations. 
30. 
Answering paragraph 30, admit that certain occurrences of default 
under the First Mortgage or Second Mortgage, without cure, allow Plaintiff to 
foreclose the mortgages judicially. Deny all remaining allegations. 
31. 
Defendants lack personal knowledge as to the truth of the allegations 
of paragraph 31 and therefore deny the same. 
32. 
Deny paragraph 32. 
33. 
Defendants lack personal knowledge as to the truth of the allegations 
of paragraph 33 and therefore deny the same. 
34. 
Deny paragraph 34. 
35. 
Deny paragraph 35. 
36. 
Deny all allegations not specifically admitted above. 
AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSES 
1. 
Breach of duty of good faith and fair dealing and fiduciary duties: 
Plaintiff and/or its affiliates/subsidiaries, have a special relationship with 
Defendants, including advising him on financial dealings, especially with respect to 
AliphCom ("Jawbone"), the company of which Defendant Rahman is the CEO. 
-5-
EFTA00808169
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 2:16-cv-00035-JCL Document 12 Filed 09/02/16 Page 6 of 7 
Indeed, Plaintiff and/or its affiliates/subsidiaries have invested hundreds of millions 
of dollars in Jawbone and are intimately familiar with Jawbone. Plaintiff knew 
when entering into the Notes that repayment of the Notes was dependent on 
Defendants selling shares in Jawbone, and that there was uncertainty regarding 
whether such sale could be accomplished within the original maturity dates for the 
Notes. Despite this knowledge, Plaintiff still entered into the Notes with 
Defendants. Plaintiff had a fiduciary duty to its clients to not place them into a loan 
with payment terms that could not be met. Further, when Plaintiff decided to enter 
into the Notes despite its knowledge as to uncertainty of repayment, it had a duty of 
good faith and fair dealing to work with Defendants, in good faith, to modify the 
Notes to allow additional time for repayment if the events necessary for repayment 
did not occur. In fact, the events necessary for repayment did not occur and, instead 
of working with Defendants in good faith, Plaintiff made unreasonable demands 
upon Plaintiff for an extension of, or forebearance on, the Notes. 
2. 
Reservation of Rights. Defendants reserves the right to add and/or 
withdraw affirmative defenses as discovery proceeds in this matter and additional 
information is uncovered. 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, Defendants requests an order of the Court: 
1. Dismissing the Complaint, with prejudice: 
2. Awarding Defendants their attorneys' fees and costs; and 
3. Granting such other relief as the Court deems appropriate. 
-6-
EFTA00808170
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 2:16-cv-00035-JCL Document 12 Filed 09/02/16 Page 7 of 7 
DATED this 2" day of September, 2016. 
/s/ Trent M Gardner 
GOETZ, BALDWIN & GEDDES, P. C. 
Attorneys for Defendants 
-7-
EFTA00808171
--- PAGE 15 ---
. 
EFTA00808172
--- PAGE 16 ---
ADRMOP,CLOSED 
U.S. District Court 
California Northern District (San Francisco) 
CIVIL DOCKET FOR CASE #: 3:12-cv-00655-JSW 
Aliphcom et al v. Doe 
Assigned to: Hon. Jeffrey S. White 
Cause: 28:1331 Fed. Question 
Date Filed: 02/09/2012 
Date Terminated: 09/27/2012 
Jury Demand: None 
Nature of Suit: 890 Other Statutory Actions 
Jurisdiction: Federal Question 
Plaintiff 
Aliphcom 
represented by Holly Gaudreau 
a California Corporation 
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP 
Two Embarcadero Center 
Suite 1900 
San Francisco, CA 94111-3834 
415-576-0200 
Fax: 415-576-0300 
Email: hgaudreau©IdIpatricktownsend.com 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Jennifer Diane Arkowitz 
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP 
Embarcadero Center 
8th Floor 
San Francisco, CA 94111-3834 
(415) 576-0200 
Fax: (415 576-0300 
Email: 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Timothy R. Cahn 
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP 
Two Embarcadero Center 
8th Floor 
San Francisco, CA 94111 
415-576-0200 
Fax: 415-576-0300 
Email: tcahn@ldlpatricktownsend.com 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Ryan T. Bricker 
Kilpatrick Townsend and Stockton LLP 
Two Embarcadero Center 
Suite 1900 
San Francisco, CA 94111 
415-576-0200 
EFTA00808173
--- PAGE 17 ---
Fix: 415-576-0300 
Email: 
ATTORNEY
Plaintiff 
Hosain Rahman 
Plaintiff 
Jason Fass 
V. 
Defendant 
John Doe 
represented by Holly Gaudreau 
(See above for address) 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Jennifer Diane Arkowitz 
(See above for address) 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Timothy R. Cahn 
(See above for address) 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Ryan T. Bricker 
(See above for address) 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
represented by Holly Gaudreau 
(See above for address) 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Jennifer Diane Arkowitz 
(See above for address) 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Timothy R. Cahn 
(See above for address) 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Ryan 1'. Bricker 
(See.above for address) 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Date Filed 
Docket Text 
02/09/2012 
COMPLAINT against John Doe ( Filing fee $ 350, receipt number 34611070421.). Filed 
EFTA00808174
--- PAGE 18 ---
by Aliphcom, Jason Fass, Hosain Rahman. (Attachments: # 1 Civil Cover Sheet)(mjj2, 
COURT STAFF) (Filed on 2/9/2012) (Entered: 02/10/2012) 
02/09/2012 
ADR SCHEDULING ORDER: Case Management Statement due by 6/1/2012. Case 
Management Conference set for 6/8/2012 01:30 PM in Courtroom 11, 19th Floor, San 
Francisco. (Attachments: # 1 Standing Order, # 2 Standing Order for all JudgesXmjj2, 
COURT STAFF) (Filed on 2/9/2012) (Entered: 02/10/2012) 
02/09/2012 
Declination to Proceed Before a U.S. Magistrate Judge by Aliphcom, Jason Fass, Hosain 
Rahman. (mjj2, COURT STAFF) (Filed on 2/9/2012) (Entered: 02/10/2012) 
02/09/2012 
Certificate of Interested Entities by Aliphcom, Jason Fass, Hosain Rahman identifying 
Other Affiliate Sequoia Capital, Other Affiliate Khosla Ventures, Other Affiliate Hosain 
Rahman for Aliphcom. (mjj2, COURT STAFF) (Filed on 2/9/2012) (Entered: 02/10/2012) 
02/09/2012 
Summons Issued as to John Doe. (mjj2, COURT STAFF) (Filed on 2/9/2012) (Entered: 
02/10/2012) 
02/13/2012 
ORDER SETTING CASE MANAGEMENT CONFERENCE AND REQUIRING JOINT 
CASE MANAGEMENT CONFERENCE STATEMENT. Signed by Judge Jeffrey S. 
White on 2/13/12. (jjoS, COURT STAFF) (Filed on 2/13/2012) (Entered: 02/13/2012) 
02/24/2012 
• 
Ex Parte Application for Expedited Discovery and Memorandum of Points and Authorities 
filed by Aliphcom, Jason Fass, Hosain Rahman. (Attachments: # 1 Declaration of Ryan 
Bricker in Support of Ex Pane Motion for Expedited Discovery, # 2 Exhibit A to Bricker 
Decl in Support of Ex Pane Motion for Expedited Discovery, # 1 Exhibit B to Bricker 
Decl in Support of Ex Pane Motion for Expedited Discovery, # 4 Exhibit C to Bricker 
Decl in Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, # 5 Exhibit D to Bricker 
Decl in Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, # 6 Exhibit E to Bricker 
Decl in Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, # 1 Exhibit F to Bricker Decl 
in Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, # I Exhibit G to Bricker Decl in 
Support of Ex Pane Motion for Expedited Discovery, # 2 Exhibit H to Bricker Decl in 
Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, #111Exhibit 1 to Bricker Decl in 
Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, # 11 Exhibit J to Bricker Decl in 
Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, #12 Declaration of Hosain Rahman 
in Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, #11 Declaration of Michael Luna 
in Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, # 14 Exhibit A to Luna Decl in 
Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, # 15 Exhibit B to Luna Decl in 
Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, #16 Exhibit C to Luna Decl in 
Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, #12 Exhibit D to Luna Decl in 
Support of Ex Parte Motion for Expedited Discovery, #1$ Proposed Order Proposed Order 
Granting Ex Parte Motion for Expedited DiscoveryXGaudre.au, Holly) (Filed on . 
2/24/2012) (Entered: 02/24/2012) 
02/27/2012 
ORDER by Judge Jeffrey S. White granting 1 Ex Parte Application for Expedited 
Discovery (jjoS, COURT STAFF) (Filed on 2/27/2012) (Entered: 02/27/2012) 
06/01/2012 
CASE MANAGEMENT STATEMENT [PLAINTIFF'S SEPARATE) filed by Aliphcom, 
Jason Fass, Hosain Rahman. (Bricker, Ryan) (Filed on 6/1/2012) (Entered: 06/01/2012) 
06/04/2012 
El CLERKS NOTICE CONTINUING INITIAL CASE MANAGEMENT CONFERENCE: 
Case Management Statement due by 8/31/2012. Initial Case Management Conference set 
for 9/7/2012 01:30 PM in Courtroom 11, 19th Floor, San Francisco. (jjoS, COURT 
STAFF) (Filed on 6/4/2012) (Entered: 06/04/2012) 
06/07/2012 
1j, MOTION for Extension of Time to File PLAINTIFFS MOTION FOR ADMINISTRATIVE 
RELIEF SEEKING EXTENSION OF RULE 4(M) SERVICE DEADLINE filed by 
EFTA00808175
--- PAGE 19 ---
Aliphcom, Jason Fass, Hosain Rahman. (Bricker, Ryan) (Filed on 6/7/2012) (Entered: 
06/07/2012) 
06/07/2012 
Declaration of RYAN BRICKER IN SUPPORT OF PLAINTIFFS MOTION FOR 
ADMINISTRATIVE RELIEF SEEKING EXTENSION OF RULE 4(M) SERVICE 
DEADLINE filed byAliphcom, Jason Pass, Hosain Rahman. (Bricker, Ryan) (Filed on 
6/7/2012) (Entered: 06/07/2012) 
06/07/2012 
J
Proposed Order GRANTING PLAINTIFFS MOTION FOR ADMINISTRATIVE RELIEF 
SEEKING EXTENSION OF RULE 4(M) SERVICE DEADLINE by Aliphcom, Jason Fass, 
Hosain Rahman. (Bricker, Ryan) (Filed on 6/7/2012) (Entered: 06/07/2012) 
06/11/2012 
.14 ORDER by Judge Jeffrey S. White granting jj Motion for Extension of Rule 4(M) Service 
Deadline (jjoS, COURT STAFF) (Filed on 6/11/2012) (Entered: 06/11/2012) 
08/31/2012 
ji CASE MANAGEMENT STATEMENT Plaintiff? Second Separate Case Management 
Staiement filed by Aliphcom, Jason Fass, Hosain Rahman. (Cahn, Timothy) (Filed on 
8/31/2012) (Entered: 08/31/2012) 
, 
09/04/2012 
CLERKS NOTICE CONTINUING CASE MANAGEMENT CONFERENCE: Cise 
Management Statement due by 10/5/2012. Case Management Conference set for 
10/12/2012 01:30 PM in Courtroom 11, 19th Floor, San Francisco. (jjoS, COURT STAFF) 
(Filed on 9/4/2012) (Entered: 09/04/2012) 
09/27/2012 
NOTICE of Voluntary Dismissal PLAINTIFFS' RULE 4 1 (A)(1) NOTICE OF 
VOLUNTARY DISMISSAL WITHOUT PREJUDICE by Aliphcom, Jason Fass, Hosain 
Rahman (Calm, Timothy) (Filed on 9/27/2012) (Entered: 09/27/2012) 
PACER Service Center 
Transaction Receipt 
02/26/2018 08:09:35 , 
IPACER 
a: 
roadruck:2623271:0 Client Code: 
rjk 
Description: 
Docket Report 
Search 
Criteria: 
3:12-cv-00655- 
ISW 
Billable 
Pages: 
Cost: 
0.40 
EFTA00808176
--- PAGE 20 ---
• 
EFTA00808177
--- PAGE 21 ---
I 
III 
III 
I 1 I i I il 1 I 
SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA 
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO 
II 
Document Scanning Lead Sheet 
Feb-06-2018 4:48 pm 
Case Number: CGC-17-559617 
Filing Date: Feb-06-2018 4:47 
Filed by: JACQUELINE ALAMEDA 
Image: 06208448 
ORDER 
PROTEMPO LIMITED VS. ALIPHCOM, INC. ET AL 
001C06208448 
Instructions: 
Please place this sheet on top of the document to be scanned. 
EFTA00808178
--- PAGE 22 ---
/// 
/// 
/// 
/I/ 
I RUTAN & TUCKER, LLP 
State Bar No. 144241) 
tate Bar No. 222137) 
Bar No. 311337) 
nton ou evar , Suite 1400 
Costa Mesa, California 92626-1931 
Telephone: 
714-641-5100 
Facsimile: 
714-546-9035 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
PROTEMPO LIMITED 
Fs eugzge4.0;rzi. , 
FEB 0 6 2D18 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
FOR THE COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO 
PROTEMPO LIMITED, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
ALIPHCOM, INC. d/b/a JAWBONE, a 
California corporation, HOSAIN RAHMAN, an 
individual, JASON CHILD, an individual, and 
DOES 1 through 10, inclusive 
Defendants. 
Mtn & Tuck" Ile 
eaCeeeye ei feW 
A
Case 
No.tt 
CGC-17-559617 
IHROPE0SEDI ORDER RE DEFENDANT 
ROSAIN AMMAN'S DEMURRER TO 
PLAINTIFF PROTEMPO LIMITED'S 
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
DATE: 
Februglt 6, 2018 
TIME: 
9:30 M. 
DEPT.: 
302 
2/21473039414102 
11965701.1 o32/06/III 
PROM= ORDER 
EFTA00808179
--- PAGE 23 ---
The hearing on Defendant Hosain Rahman's Demurrer to Plaintiff Protempo Limited's 
Second Amended Complaint ("Demurrer") came on regularly for hearing on February 6, 2018 at 
930 
in Department 302 of this Court. Appearances were as reflected on the record. 
Having considered all papers and oral argument of the parties in support of and opposition 
to the Demurrer, and for good cause appearing, the Court hereby ORDERS as follows: 
Defendant Hosain Rahman's Demurrer to the first, second, third and thirteenth causes of 
action in the second amended complaint filed by plaintiff Protempo Limited is overruled as to the 
first, second, and third causes of action for promissory fraud, fraud and intentional deceit, and 
negligent misrepresentation and sustained without leave to amend as to the thirteenth cause of 
action for violation of Penal Code 496(a). The first, second and third causes of action arc alleged 
with adequate specificity and the allegations of reliance are not necessarily contradicted by the 
contract documents. A person who commits fraud is liable for doing so even if done as agent for a 
principal who entered into a contract for which the agent is not a party. The negligent 
misrepresentation claim does not allege a nonactionable "negligent false promise," but rather an 
actionable negligent misrepresentation of existing facts. The Penal Code 496(a) claim fails 
because Protempo has not alleged, nor does it appear that it can allege, that it transferred money to 
Mt Rahman. 
IT IS SO ORDERED. 
Dated:olitiI6 
awe& ludar, LLP 
9110Mays41 few 
27211.033019-0002 
11962704.1 tab94/13 
Honorable 
HAROLD KAHN 
Judge of the Superior Court of the State of California 
-2_ 
D ORDER 
EFTA00808180
--- PAGE 24 ---
Cantntl US 
THE SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA 
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO 
Case Number: CGC17559617 
Title: PROTEMPO LIMITED VS. ALIPHCOM, INC. ET AL 
Cause of Action: CONTRACTNVARRANTY 
Generated: 2018-02.2611:31 am 
e 
Party 
any 
Register of Actions 
Parties 
Attorneys 
Calendar 
Payments 
Patty 
TYPT 
Attorneys 
Parties 
Flings 
Documents 
•
_
_
_
_
-
_
-
_
•
.
•
•
Search: 
AUPHCOM (ASSIGNMENT FOR THE 
OTHER 
BENEFIT OF 
CREDITORS). LLC 
AUPHCOM, INC. 
DBA JAWBONE, A CALIFORNIA 
CORPORATION 
CHILD. JASON C. 
CHILD, JASON 
AN INDIVIDUAL 
DOES I TO 10. INCLUSIVE 
PROTEMPO UNITED 
DEFENDANT 
BENDER. REIN 
DEFENDANT 
BLOCK. KARL 
DEFENDANT 
DEFENDANT 
PLAINTIFF 
HOWELL. RICHARD 
K. 
AUG-07-2017 GENERIC CML FILING (NO FEE) 
JUN-19-2017 COMPLAINT 9450.00 PAYMENT 
JUL-13-2017 PROOF OF SERVICE OF SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT 
OCT-31-2017 COMPLAINT 
DEC-22-2017 COMPLAINT 
AUG-04-2017 ANSWER 
SEP-25-2017 DEMURRER 
NOV-08-2017 GENERIC CIVM. FILING (WITH FEE) 
NOV-20-2017 GENERIC CIVIL FILING NTH FEE) 
JAN-17-2018 CASE MANAGEMENT STATEMENT 
FEB-02-2018 DEMURRER 
FEB-02-2018 COURT REPORTING SERVICES LESS THAN 1 HOUR 
JUN-19-2017 COMPLAINT 9450.00 PAYMENT 
JUL-13-20I7 PROOF OF SERVICE OF SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT 
O01-31.2017 COMPLAINT 
NOV-29-2017 GENERIC CIVIL RUNG (WITH FEE) 
DEO22.2017 STIPULATION 
DEO22.2017 COMPLAINT 
JUN-19-2017 COMPLAINT $450.00 PAYMENT 
OCT-31.2017 COMPLAINT 
DEC-22-2017 COMPLAINT 
JUN-19-2017 COMPLAINT $450.00 PAYMENT 
XL-13-2017 PROOF OF SERVICE OF SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT 
JUL-13-2017 PROOF OF SERVICE OF SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT 
AUG-03-2017 PROOF OF SERVICE OF SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT 
SEP-15-2017 OPPOSITION 
SEP-26-2017 OPPOSITION 
OCT-27-2017 OPPOSITION 
OCT-31-2017 COMPLAINT 
NOV-20-2017 GENERIC CIVIL FILING (WITH FEE) 
NOV-29-2017 GENERIC CIVIL FILING (WITH FEE) 
DEC
-21-2017 EX PARTE APPLICATION FOR ORDER 
DEC-21-2017 GENERIC CML FLING (WITH FEE) 
DEC-22-2017 S7IPUUUION 
DEO22.2017 COMPLAINT 
JAN-23-2018 OPPOSITION 
EFTA00808181
--- PAGE 25 ---
Party 
Party 
1/P. 
Attorneys 
RAHMAN. HOSMN 
AN INDIVIDUAL 
DEFENDANT 
DURREFL II. VAN C. 
JUN-19-2017 COMPLAINT $45000 PAYMENT 
AUG-03-2017 PROOF OF SERVICE OF SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT 
AUG-25-2017 DEMURRER 
AUG-25-2017 GENERIC CML FILING (NO FEE) 
AUG-28-2017 DECLARATION 
AUG-28-2017 GENERIC CIVIL FILING (NO FEE) 
AUG-28-2017 COURT REPORTING SERVICES LESS THAN 1 HOUR 
SEP-21-2017 REPLY 
SEP-21-2017 PROOF OF SERVICE BY MAIL 
SEP-22-2017 GENERIC COAL FILING (NO FEE) 
OCT-13-2017 MOTION (CML GENERIC) 
OCT-13-2017 MEMORANDUM OF POINTS AND AUTHORITIES 
OCT-13-2017 DECLARATION OF 
OCT-13.2017 GENERIC CIVIL FILING (NO FEE) 
OCT-31-2017 COMPLAINT 
NOV-03-2017 REPLY 
NOV03-2017 GENERIC CIVIL FILING (NO FEE) 
NOV-20-2017 GENERIC CIVIL FILING (WITH FEE) 
NOV-29-2017 GENERIC CIVIL FILING (WITH FEE) 
DEC-22-2017 STIPULATION 
DEC-22-2017 COMPLAINT 
JAN05.2018 DEMURRER 
JAN-05-2018 MFJAORAINDUM OF POINTS AND AUTHORITIES 
JAN-05-2018 DECLARATION OF 
JAN-0S2018 COURT REPORTING SERVICES LESS THAN 1 HOUR 
JAN-18-2018 GENERIC CIVIL FLING (NO FEE) 
JAN-29.2018 REPLY 
Shovang 1 to 7 or 7 ontnes 
Previous 
I 
Nn1 
EFTA00808182
--- PAGE 26 ---
% 
EFTA00808183
--- PAGE 27 ---
CRlis Home 
Contact 
Access to Public Records 
for County Government 
Search Results 
Document List By Name 
Name Query Search Results 
Criteria: RAHMAN HOSAIN 
Record 
Date 
Document 
Doc Type 
E/R Name 
Name lleta Show APN Detai 05/03/2011 J174214-00 DEED 
E 
RAHMAN HOSAIN 
Show Name Dia Show APN Detal 05/03/2011 J174213-O0 AGREEMENT 
E 
RAHMAN HOSAIN 
Show Name Wait Show APN Detail 02/05/2018 
02/05/2018 
K575133-00 
K575132-00 
NOTICE OF DEFAULT 
RESCISSION/CANCEL NOTICE OF DEFAULT 
R 
E 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
StmllamaDstlail Show APN Detail 
Stow
aw 
Name no 
ve
Show APN Dated 12/29/2017 K562790-00 NOTICE OF DEFAULT 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
Show Name Detail Show APN Detail 12/29/2017 K562789-00 SUBSTITUTION TRUSTEE 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
Show Name Detail Show APN Detail 10/04/2016 K338367-01 DEED OF TRUST 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
Show Name Dotal Show APN Detail 10/04/2016 K338367-02 ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
ShottliaaleDetill Show APN Data 10/04/2016 K338367-03 NOTICE SECURITY AGREEMENT 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
Show Name Detail Show APN Dotal 10/04/2016 K338367-04 FINANCING STATEMENT 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
Shnw Name Detail ShiattAPILQ0181 10/04/2016 K338366-01 DEED OF TRUST 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
Show Name Detail Shawiletilleaul 10/04/2016 K338366-02 ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
Show Name Detail Shakylallitai 10/04/2016 K338366-03 NOTICE SECURITY AGREEMENT 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
Show Name Detail Show APN Deed 10/04/2016 K338366-04 FINANCING STATEMENT 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
ABOUT SSL 
CERTIFICATES 
Copyright O 2014 Atfone 
Terme of Use privacy Policy 
13300 New Airport Rd. Suite 101 Auburn. CA 95602 
EFTA00808184
--- PAGE 28 ---
CRiis Home 
.COM 
Actsik's to Public Records 
for County Government 
Contact 
AtPac Home 
Search Results 
Document Details 
Record 
GrantoR 
Year 
Document 
Date 
Reel 
Image 
Document Type 
GrantoE 
Name 
2017 K562790-00 
12/29/2017 
NOTICE OF DEFAULT 
R 
ENGSTROM ALICIA 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
E 
WITKIN & EISINGER LLC 
ABOUT SSL 
CERTIFICATES 
Copyright 0 2010 AtPac 
Terms of use privacy Policy 
13300 New Airport Rd. Suite 101 Auburn, CA 95602 
EFTA00808185
--- PAGE 29 ---
CFtiis Home 
Contact 
AtPac Home 
Access to Public Records 
for County Government 
Search Results 
Document Details 
Record 
GrantoR 
Year Document 
Date 
Reel Image 
Document Type 
GranteE 
Name 
2018 K575133-00 02/05/2018 
NOTICE OF DEFAULT 
R 
ENGSTROM ALICIA 
R 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
E 
METROPOLITAN CAPITAL BANK & TRUST 
ABOUT SS1. 
CERTIFICATES 
Copyright .0 2010 AtPac 
Terms of Use Fri./ACV Policy 
13300 New Airport Rd. Suite 101 Auburn, CA 95602 
EFTA00808186
--- PAGE 30 ---
CRiis Home 
Contact 
AtPac Home 
Access to Public Records 
for County Government 
Search Results 
Document Details 
Record 
Year Docurnont 
Date 
Reel Image 
Document Type 
2018 K575132-00 02105/2018 
ABOUT SSL 
CERTIFICATES 
GrantoR 
GrantoE 
Name 
RESCISSION/CANCEL NOTICE OF DEFAULT 
R 
WITKIN & EISINGER LLC 
E 
ENGSTROM ALICIA 
E 
RAHMAN HOSAIN S 
Copyright Ca 2010 AtPac 
Ins of Use Privacv Ponty 
t3300 New Airport Rd. Suite 101 Auburn, CA 95602 
EFTA00808187

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808188.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 75280564 E-Filed 07/20/2018 02:02:37 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 2009CA040800XXXXIMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
1., individually, 
Defendant. 
RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEO DEPOSITION DUCES TECUM 
TO: 
All counsel on the attached Counsel List 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorneys will take the Video Deposition Duces 
Tecum of: 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
Jeffrey Epstein 
DATE AND TIME 
August 17, 2018 at 
3:00 p.m. or immediately 
following the video 
deposition duces tecum of 
Jeffrey Epstein in the In Re: 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, 
P.A. USDC Bankruptcy 
Court matter scheduled for 
August 17, 2018 at 1:00 ■. 
Videographer: Above & Beyond Reprographics, Inc. 
J.ACATION 
Searcy Denney Scarola 
Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes 
Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
EFTA00808188
--- PAGE 2 ---
*DUCES TECUM: TO HAVE AND BRING WITH YOU AT THE TIME OF 
THE DEPOSITION THE FOLLOWING: 
DUCES TECUM* 
All communications and all records relating to all communications concerning or 
containing information derived from documents or data over which a claim of 
privilege was asserted by or on behalf of Bradley J. Edwards. 
upon oral examination before Palm Beach Reporting, Inc., a Notary Public; or any other officer 
authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral examination is being taken 
for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are permitted under the 
applicable Statutes or Rules. 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
EFTA00808189
--- PAGE 3 ---
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this  21) 
 day of  Tilt 
_, 2018. 
Q0, 
OLA 
tk5Cri 
Florida Bar No.M. 
Attorney E-Mail(s): 
and 
Primary E-Mail 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West P 
As 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or Bradley J. Edwards 
cc: 
Palm Beach Reporting (Court Reporter) 
Above & Beyond Reprographics, Inc. (Videographer) 
E-TRANSCRIPT. ASCII. CD AND/OR DVD REOUESTED 
EFTA00808190
--- PAGE 4 ---
COUNSEL LIST 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., Esq. 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
901 Phillips Point West 
777 South Flagler Drive 
West Palm Beach Florida 33401-6170 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 930 
West Palm .S3401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Phil Burlington, Esq. 
Nichole J. Segal, Esquire 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EDWARDS POTT1NGER LLC 
Bradley J. Edwards FLBN 54207 
Brittany N. Henderson FLBN 118247 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
EFTA00808191
--- PAGE 5 ---
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
Florida Bar No.: 
Attorney E-Mail(II=M 
644 Cesery Blvd. #250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Paul G. Cacse11 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
(above for address purposes only) 
Attorney E-Mail:
rill.MM 
Attorneys for 
., 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808192
--- PAGE 6 ---
"If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in 
order to participate in this proceeding, you are entitled, at no cost to you, 
to the provision of certain assistance. Please contact Americans with 
Disabilities Act Coordinator at least 7 days before your scheduled court 
appearance, or immediately upon receiving this notification if the time 
before the scheduled appearance is less than 7 days; if you are hearing or 
voice impaired, call 711." 
"Si usted es una persona minusvalida que necesita algan acomodamiento 
para poder participar en este procedimiento, usted tiene derecho, sin 
tener gastos propios, a que se le provea cierta ayuda. 
Tenga la 
amabilidad de ponerse en contacto con Americans with Disabilities Act 
Coordinator por lo menos 7 dias antes de la cita fijada para su 
comparecencia en los tribunales, o inmediatamente despuis de recibir 
esta notificacion si el tiempo antes de la comparecencia que se ha 
programado es menos de 7 dias; si usted tiene discapacitacion del oido o 
de la voz, Ilame al 711." 
"Si ou se yon moun ki enfim ki bezwen akomodasyon pou w ka patisipe 
nan pwosedi sa, ou kalifye san ou pa gen okenn lajan pou w peye, gen 
pwovizyon pou jwen kik id. Tanpri kontakte Americans with Disabilities 
Act Coordinator nan 7 jou anvan dat ou gen randevou pou park nan 
tribinal la, oubyen imedyatman apre ou fin resevwa konvokasyon an si li 
ou gen pou w parit nan tribinal la mwens ke 7 jou; si ou gen pwoblim 
pou w tande oubyen pale, rele 711." 
EFTA00808193

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808194.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
No. 17 Civ. 00616 (1OK) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Y GROFF and 
Defendants. 
PLAINTIFF'S RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT, pursuant to Rule 30 of the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure, counsel for Plaintiff, 
will take a videotaped deposition of the 
Defendant as set forth below: 
NAME: 
DATE AND TIME: 
LOCATION: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
October 12, 2018 at 10:00 a.m. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
One Clearlake Centre 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
The videotaped deposition will be taken upon oral examination before Magna Legal 
Services, or any other notary public authorized by law to take depositions. The oral examination 
will continue from day to day until completed. 
EFTA00808194
--- PAGE 2 ---
The video operator shall be provided by Magna Legal Services. This deposition is being 
taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are permitted 
under the rules of this Court. 
Dated: September 26, 2018. 
BOLES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawley 
Sigrid McCawley (Pro Hac Vice) 
Meredith Schultz (Pro Hac Vice) 
Boies Schiller Flexner LLP 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. (Pro Hac Vice) 
Stanley Pottinger, Esq. 
EDWARDS POTTINGER LLC 
Paul G. Cassell (Pro Hac Vice) 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
University of Utah 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only 
and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah for this private 
representation. 
EFTA00808195
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on the 26th day of September, 2018, I served the attached 
PLAINTIFFS RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF WITNESS 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN via Email to the following counsel of record. 
Michael Miller 
Justin Y.K Chu 
Michael A. Keough 
STEPTOE & JOHNSON LLP 
Scott J. Link 
LINK & ROCKENBACH PA 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein, 
and Lesley Groff 
Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN, P.C. 
Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawley 
Sigrid McCawley 
EFTA00808196

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808197.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
No. 17 Civ. 00616 (JGK) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
LESLEY GROFF and 
Defendants. 
PLAINTIFF'S RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
OF LESLEY GROFF 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT. pursuant to Rule 30 of the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure, counsel for Plaintiff, 
will take a videotaped deposition of the 
Defendant as set forth below: 
NAME: 
Lesley Groff 
DATE AND TIME: 
October 30, 2018 at 10:00 a.m. 
LOCATION: 
Boies Schiller Flexner, LLP 
575 Lexington Avenue, 7th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
The videotaped deposition will be taken upon oral examination before Magna Legal 
Services, or any other notary public authorized by law to take depositions. The oral examination 
will continue from day to day until completed. 
The video operator shall be provided by Magna Legal Services. This deposition is being 
taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are permitted 
under the rules of this Court. 
I 
EFTA00808197
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dated: September 26, 2018. 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawley 
Sigrid McCawley (Pro Hac Vice) 
Meredith Schultz (Pro Hac Vice) 
SIM 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. (Pro Hac Vice) 
Stanley Pottinger, Esq. 
EDWARDS POTTINGER LLC 
Paul G. Cassell (Pro Hac Vice) 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
University of Utah 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only 
and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah for this private 
representation. 
EFTA00808198
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this 26th day of September, 2018, I served the attached 
PLAINTIFFS RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF WITNESS 
LESLEY GROFF via Email to the following counsel of record. 
Michael Miller 
Justin Y.K Chu 
Michael A. Keough 
Scott J. Link 
LINK & ROCKENBACH PA 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein, 
and Lesley Groff 
Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
HADD N M R AN & FOREMAN, P.C. 
Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawley 
Sigrid McCawley 
EFTA00808199

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808200.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
No. 17 Civ. 00616 (JGK) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
pi...LESLEY GROFF and 
SHEV, 
Defendants. 
PLAINTIFF'S RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT, pursuant to Rule 30 of the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure, counsel for Plaintiff, 
will take a videotaped deposition of the 
Defendant as set forth below: 
NAME: 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
DATE AND TIME: 
October 15, 2018 at 10:00 a.m. 
LOCATION: 
Boies Schiller Flexner LLP 
575 Lexington Avenue, 7th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
The videotaped deposition will be taken upon oral examination before Magna Legal 
Service, or any other notary public authorized by law to take depositions. The oral examination 
will continue from day to day until completed. 
The video operator shall be provided by Magna Legal Services. This deposition is being 
taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are permitted 
under the rules of this Court. 
I 
EFTA00808200
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dated: September 26, 2018. 
BOLES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawley 
Sigrid McCawley (Pro Hac Vice) 
Meredith Schultz (Pro Hac Vice) 
Boles Schiller Flexner LLP 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. (Admitted Pro Hac Vice) 
Stanley Pottinger, Esq. 
Paul G. Cassell (Admitted Pro Hac Vice) 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
nivetsity of 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only 
and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah for this private 
representation. 
EFTA00808201
--- PAGE 3 ---
Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on the 26th day of September, 2018, I served the attached 
PLAINTIFFS RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION OF GHISLAINE 
MAXWELL via Email to the following counsel of record. 
Michael Miller 
Justin Y.K Chu 
Michael A. Keough 
STEPTOE & JOHNSON LLP 
Scott J. Link 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein, 
and Lesley Groff 
Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
HADDON. 
R AN & FOREMAN. P.C. 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawley 
Sigrid McCawley 
EFTA00808202

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808203.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date: October 19th, 2018 
Re: 
EPSTEIN / Recap with respect to Vaidson's paid vacation 
for the computation: take Mondays to Saturdays, except French bank holidays 
agreement to carry forward vacation days (not taken) from one period to the next 
For the reference period from 09/27/01 through 05/31/02, Valdson was entitled to 20 days. 
He took 9 days in September 2002. 
For the reference period from 06/1/02 through 05/31/03, Valdson was entitled to 30 days. 
He took 26 days in July and August 2003 (from July 23rd through August 23'd included). The 
remaining number of days was settled in September 2003. 
For the reference period from 06/1/03 through 05/31/04, Valdson was entitled to 30 days. 
He took 23 days in December 2004 (from December 3'd through December 31st included) and 
days in January 2005 (from January r through January 10th included). 
For the reference period from 06/1/04 through 05/31/05, Valdson was entitled to 30 days. 
He took 15 days in March 2006 (from March 15 through March 3r included) and 13 days in 
April 2006 (from April r through April 15th included). 
NB: 2 days left. 
For the reference period from 06/1/05 through 05/31/06, Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 12 days in March/April 2007 (from Saturday March 24th through Monday April 9th
included). 
NB: 2 + 30 — 12 = 20 days 141. 
For the reference period from 06/1/06 through 05/31/07 Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 18 days in December 2007/January 2008 (from Thursday 27th, 2007 through Thursday 
January 17th, 2008 included). 
NB: 20 + 30 — 18 = 32 days left. 
For the reference period from 06/1/07 through 05/31/08, Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 29 days in August/September 2008 (from Tuesday August 20 through Saturday 
September 27th included) and 30 days in January/February 2009 (from January 9th through 
February 12th included). 
NB: 32 + 30 — 29 — 30 = 3 days left. 
For the reference period from 06/1/08 through 05/31/09 Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 28 days in February/March 2010 (from February 18th through March 22nd included). 
NB: 3 + 30 — 28 = 5 days left. 
For the reference period from 06/1/09 through 05/31/10 Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 30 days in June/July 2011 (from June 15th through July 20th included). 
NB: 5 + 30 — 30 = 5 days left. 
For the reference period from 06/1/10 through 05/31/11 Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
NB: 5 + 30 = 35 
EFTA00808203
--- PAGE 2 ---
NBbis: Valdson did not take the days he was entitled to have when his mother died, since he 
did not travel to Brazil for the funerals: days not included in the number mentioned above. 
For the reference period from 06/1/11 through 05/31/12 Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 26 days in February/March 2013 (from February 16th through March 18th included). 
NB: 
S (left over from 2009/2010) + 30 (left over from 2010/2011) + 30 (period 2011/2012) - 26 
= 39 days 
For the reference period from 06/1/12 through 05/31/13 Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 26 days in December 2013/January 2014 (from December 13th through January 14th
included). 
NB: 
(left over from 2010/2012) + 30 (period 2012/2013) — 26 = 43 days 
For the reference period from 06/1/13 through 05/31/14 Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 29 days in April/May/June 2015 (from April 29th through June 5th included) 
NB: 
(left over from 2011/2013) + 30 (period 2013/2014) - 29 = 44 days 
For the reference period from 06/1/14 through 05/31/15 Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
NB: 
(left over from period prior to 2014) + 30 (period 2014/2015) = 74 days 
For the reference period from 06/1/15 through 05/31/16 Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 
days in August 2016 (from August 24th through August 27th included) 
days in December 2016 and January 2017 (from December 314 through January 9th included) 
(French bank holidays: in December Saturday 24th Sunday 25th Monday 26th Saturday 31' and 
in January Sunday 1St and Monday r d). 
NB: 
(left over from period prior to 2015) + 30 (period 2015/2016)— (4 + 28) = 72 days 
For the reference period from 06/1/16 through 05/31/17 Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 
days in December 2017 and January 2018 (from December 16th through January 19th
included) 
(French bank holidays: in December Saturday 23th, Monday 25'h, Saturday 30th and in January 
Monday 1"). 
NB: 
(left over, from period prior to 2016) + 30 (period 2016/2017) — 26 = 76 days. 
For the reference period from 06/1/17 through 05/31/18, Valdson is entitled to 30 days. 
He took 
days in August and September 2018 (from August 4th through September 3rd included) 
(French bank holidays: Wednesday August 15'h). 
(left over from period prior to 2017) + 30 (period 2017/2018) — 25 = 81 days. 
EFTA00808204

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808205.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF 
FLORIDA IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, et al., 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
No. 50 2009 CA 040800XXXXMBAG 
JUDGE HAFELE 
MOTION FOR RECONSIDERATION OF ORAL 
SUMMARY JUDGMENT RULING AND REQUEST FOR ORAL ARGUMENT 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, moves for reconsideration of this 
Court's non-final oral ruling denying summary judgment because, for the reasons 
stated in this motion, Defendant/Counter Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' malicious 
prosecution claim fails as a matter of law on an essential element: the absence of 
probable cause for Epstein's underlying lawsuit. The Court has yet to hear argument 
from the parties on the issue of probable cause. Oral argument is therefore 
respectfully requested. 
Preface 
In its May 19, 2014 order granting Epstein's motion for summary judgment, 
this Court recounted the following background facts: 
EFTA00808205
--- PAGE 2 ---
[Epstein] filed suit against [Edwards]. Edwards then filed a counter-
claim against Epstein. Epstein subsequently dismissed his Complaint 
without prejudice. The counter-claim proceeded, undergoing several 
amendments. As it now stands, the Fourth Amended Counterclaim has 
two causes of action: abuse of process and malicious prosecution. 
Epstein moved for summary judgment arguing that the litigation 
privilege applies to both the abuse of process and malicious prosecution 
claims. 
(App. 1).' In addition to arguing the application of the litigation privilege, Epstein's 
motion for summary judgment alleged that the suit he filed against Edwards, which 
is the basis of Edwards' malicious prosecution action, was supported by probable 
cause. 
At the outset of the hearing held January 27, 2014 on Epstein's motion for 
summary judgment, the Court orally denied summary judgment as to probable cause, 
and directed the parties to address the litigation privilege issue' The Court entered 
its written order granting summary judgment in favor of Epstein upon application of 
I The Court is familiar with the allegations in Epstein's original and amended complaints. 
The second amended complaint named Edwards in a cause of action for abuse of process, arising 
out of a fraudulent Ponzi scheme perpetrated by attorneys and staff of the law firm of Rothstein, 
Rosenfeldt, and Adler ("RRA"), where Edwards was a partner who prosecuted actions against 
Epstein which were marketed by RRA to investors with the promise of multi-million dollar 
recoveries. Epstein's allegations included false pleadings, altering prior sworn testimony, 
harassing investigations, vexatious discovery, fraudulent misrepresentations, false witness 
statements, and legal extortion. 
The entirety of the Court's oral ruling on probable cause was the following: "But I just 
feel like the probable cause aspect just carries with it too many factual issues for me to rule as a 
matter of law, so I don't think that I can grant relief on the probable cause issue vel non. So if 
you will, please move on...." (App. * at 19-20). Thereafter, the Court heard argument solely as to 
the litigation privilege. 
EFTA00808206
--- PAGE 3 ---
the litigation privilege based upon the then binding precedent of Wolfe v. Foreman, 
128 So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013). Final judgment was thereafter entered in favor of 
Epstein. 
Edwards appealed the judgment as it pertained to his malicious prosecution 
action, during which time the Fourth District issued Fischer v. Debrincat, 169 So. 3d 
1204 (Fla. 4th DCA 2015), holding that the litigation privilege did not apply to a 
malicious prosecution action and certifying to the Supreme Court of Florida conflict 
with Wolfe. In Edwards' appeal, the Fourth District reversed based upon Fischer, and 
again certified conflict. Edwards v. Epstein, 178 So. 3d 942 (Fla. 4th DCA 2015). 
Epstein filed for review in the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court resolved the 
conflict in Debrincat v. Fischer, No. SCIS-1477, 2017 WL 526508 (Fla. Feb. 9, 
2017), holding that the litigation privilege does not bar a malicious prosecution 
action. Based upon Debrincat, the Supreme Court declined to review the decision of 
the Fourth District in this case. [TO BE VERIFIED] 
Epstein seeks reconsideration of the Court's oral ruling on the ground that the 
record and applicable law demonstrate that the issue of probable cause does indeed 
present a question of law for determination by the Court. 
The Applicable Law 
In Florida, "an action for malicious prosecution is a serious matter." Cent. Fla. 
EFTA00808207
--- PAGE 4 ---
Mach. Co., Inc. v. Williams, 424 So. 2d 201, 203 (Fla. 2d DCA 1983). Malicious 
prosecution actions are "not generally favored" in Florida. Id. at 202. 
There are six elements that must be established in order to prove malicious 
prosecution: I) the commencement of a judicial proceeding; 2) its legal causation by 
the present defendant against the plaintiff; 3) its bona fide termination in favor of the 
plaintiff; 4) the absence of probable cause for the prosecution; 5) malice; 6) damages. 
Duval Jewelry Co. v. Smith, 102 Fla. 717, 136 So. 878, 880 (1931). The fourth 
element is at issue here. 
In Goldstein v. Sabella, 88 So. 2d 910 (Fla. 1956), the Supreme Court of 
Florida explained the meaning of probable cause in the context of a malicious 
prosecution action as follows: 
Probable cause is defined as "A reasonable ground of suspicion, 
supported by circumstances sufficiently strong in themselves to warrant 
a cautious man in the belief that the person accused is guilty of the 
offense with which he is charged." Dunnavant v. State, Fla., 46 So. 2d 
871, 874 [(Fla. 1950)]. This, as well as other acceptable definitions of 
the term, indicates that one need not be certain of the outcome of a 
criminal or civil proceeding to have probable cause for instituting such 
an action. 
Id. at 910. 
"Probable cause in the context of a civil suit is measured by a lesser standard 
than in a criminal suit." Wright v. Yurko, 446 So. 2d 1162, 1166 (Fla.5th DCA 1984). 
EFTA00808208
--- PAGE 5 ---
"The standard for establishing probable cause in a civil action is extremely low and 
easily satisfied." Gill, 82 F. Supp. 2d at 1364. Even in the criminal context, such as 
when analyzing probable cause to support a search warrant, probable cause can be 
inferred from the facts. See State v. Powers, 388 So. 2d 1050, 1051 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1980). 
Once the movant for summary judgment tenders competent evidence to support 
his motion, the opposing party must come forward with counter-evidence sufficient 
to reveal a genuine issue of material fact. Glasspoole v. Konover Constr. Corp. 
South, 787 So. 2d 937, 938 (Fla. 4th DCA 2001). A complete failure of proof of any 
essential element of a party's cause of action necessarily renders all other facts 
offered by the non-moving party immaterial. See Celotex Corp. v. Catrett, 477 U.S. 
317, 323 (1986). 
"Just because conflicting evidence exists does not mean probable cause is a 
jury question." C.A. Hansen Corp. v. Wicker, Smith, Blomqvist, Tutan, O'Hara, 
McCoy, Graham & Lane, P.A., 613 So. 2d 1336 (Fla. 3d DCA 1993) (emphasis 
supplied); see also Rivernider v. Meyer, 174 So. 3d 602, 604-05 (Fla. 4th DCA 2015) 
(trial court properly entered summary judgment against malicious prosecution 
claimant where underlying proceeding was commenced with probable cause); 
Northwest Florida Home Health Agency v. Merrill, 469 So. 2d 893 (Fla. 1st DCA 
EFTA00808209
--- PAGE 6 ---
1985)(in a malicious prosecution suit for reporting the termination of a nurse to the 
Board of Nursing, whether the defendant had probable cause to report the nurse was 
a question of law even though the nurse's testimony denied the truth of the charges 
leading to the termination); Doty- v. Usher, 514 So.2d 68, 68 (Fla. 4th DCA 1987) 
("Although some of the facts may be in dispute, the trial court correctly found that 
there was no dispute with respect to the material facts on those elements. Probable 
cause then became a question of law for the court."). 
"Probable cause only becomes a question for the jury when material facts are 
disputed." Endacott v. Intl Hospitality, Inc., 910 So. 2d 915, 922 (Fla. 3d DCA 
2005)."When the facts relied upon to show probable cause are undisputed, `the 
existence or nonexistence of probable cause is a pure question of law to be 
determined by the court under the facts and circumstances of each case.'" Id. 
(citations omitted) (citing City of Pensacola v. Owens, 369 So.2d 328 (Fla.1979)). 
Grounds for Reconsideration 
The detailed and documented facts from Epstein's affidavit quoted below, 
along with the undisputed facts recounted in his summary judgment motion, 
demonstrate that Epstein had a reasonable ground of suspicion against Edwards 
supported by the circumstances of the Ponzi scheme and the use of Edwards' cases 
against Epstein, thereby meeting the extremely low and easily satisfied standard for 
EFTA00808210
--- PAGE 7 ---
probable cause for filing a lawsuit. In pertinent part, Epstein's affidavit summarized 
the following as probable cause for the filing of his suit against Edwards: 
I filed the Action against Rothstein and Edwards because, based on the 
facts described below and in the Summary Judgment Motion, I believed 
at the time of filing my original Complaint that these two individuals, 
and other unknown partners of theirs at Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, Adler 
("RRA"), engaged in serious misconduct involving a widely publicized 
illegal Ponzi scheme operated through their law firm (the "Ponzi 
Scheme") that featured the very civil cases litigated against me by 
Edwards which were being used to defraud potential investors in the 
Ponzi Scheme. 
In early November 2009, stories in the press, on the news, and on the 
intemet were legion about the implosion of RRA, the Ponzi Scheme 
perpetrated at that firm, and the misuse in the Ponzi Scheme of certain 
civil cases then being litigated against me by RRA partner, Edwards. 
The cases Edwards was litigating against me, which are described in the 
Summary Judgment Motion (the "Epstein Cases"), were being used to 
defraud investors out of millions of dollars and to fund the RRA Ponzi 
Scheme. 
In November 2009, I also became aware of news stories that as a result 
of the Ponzi scheme at RRA, the Florida Bar had commenced 
investigations into over one-half of the attorneys employed by RRA. 
At or about the same time in November 2009, I also became aware that 
the law firm of Conrad Scherer filed a Complaint against Scott 
Rothstein and others, Razorback Funding, LLC, et al. v. Scott W. 
Rothstein, et al., Case No. 09-062943(19) (hereinafter referenced as the 
"Razorback Complaint"), on behalf of some of the Ponzi Scheme 
investors. 
Upon reviewing the Razorback Complaint, I learned that the Razorback 
Complaint detailed the use of the Epstein Cases (i.e., the cases being 
litigated against me by Edwards) to defraud investors in the Ponzi 
EFTA00808211
--- PAGE 8 ---
Scheme; including, but not limited to, improper discovery practices and 
other methods to bolster the cases.' 
Prior to my filing the initial Complaint in the Action, I also became 
aware that the Federal government filed an Information against Scott 
Rothstein, which included allegations of RRA as an "Enterprise" in 
which Rothstein and his yet unidentified co-conspirators engaged in a 
racketeering conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy, mail and wire 
fraud conspiracy, and wire fraud, and specifically alleged that (a) 
potential investors were told by Rothstein and other co-conspirators that 
confidential settlement agreements were available for purchase; (b) 
settlements were allegedly available in amounts ranging from hundreds 
of thousands of dollars to millions of dollars and could be purchased at 
a discount and repaid to the investors at face value over time; (c) 
Rothstein and other co-conspirators utilized the offices of RRA and the 
offices of other co-conspirators to convince potential investors of the 
legitimacy and success of the law firm, which enhanced the credibility 
of the purported investment opportunity; (d) Rothstein and other 
co-conspirators utilized funds obtained through the Ponzi Scheme to 
supplement and support the operation and activities of RRA, to expand 
Among the allegations in the Razorback Complaint regarding the Epstein cases are the 
following. "Representatives of D3 were offered `the opportunity' to invest in a pre-suit 
$30,000,000.00 court settlement against Epstein involving a different underage female plaintiff. 
To augment his concocted story, Rothstein invited D3 to his office to view the thirteen banker's 
boxes of actual case files in Jane Doe in order to demonstrate that the claims against Epstein 
were legitimate and that the evidence against Epstein was real. In particular, Rothstein claimed 
that his investigative team discovered that there were high-profile witnesses onboard Epstein's 
private jet where some of the alleged sexual assaults took place and showed D3 copies of a flight 
log purportedly containing names of celebrities, dignitaries and international figures. Because of 
these potentially explosive facts, putative defendant Epstein had allegedly offered 
$200,000,000.00 for settlement of the claims held by various young women who were his 
victims.... Additionally, Rothstein used RRA's representation in the Epstein case to pursue issues 
and evidence unrelated to the underlying litigation but which was potentially beneficial to lure 
investors into the Ponzi scheme. For instance, RRA relentlessly pursued flight data and passenger 
manifests regarding flights Epstein took with other famous individuals ... RRA also 
inappropriately attempted to take the depositions of these celebrities in a deliberate effort to 
bolster Rothstein's lies." (Ex. *** 2 at 2-3; R. 810-11). 
EFTA00808212
--- PAGE 9 ---
RRA by the hiring of additional attorneys and support staff, to fund 
salaries and bonuses, and to acquire larger and more elaborate office 
space and equipment in order to enrich the personal wealth of persons 
employed by and associated with the RRA Enterprise. 
Prior to filing the initial Complaint in the Action, consistent with the 
allegations made by the press, in the Razorback Complaint, and in the 
Rothstein Information, it was clear that the activity in the Epstein Cases 
being litigated by Edwards intensified substantially during the short six 
(6) months during which Edwards was a partner at RRA from April 
2009 through the end of October 2009.4 Furthermore, during that six 
(6)-month period, questionable discovery like that detailed in the 
Razorback Complaint had taken place in the Epstein Cases being 
litigated against me by Edwards, including Edwards noticing the 
depositions of famous dignitaries and celebrities such as Bill Clinton, 
Donald Trump and David Copperfield, who appeared to have no 
connection whatsoever to any claims of misconduct made by Edwards's 
clients. 
Equally consistent with the allegations in the press and in the Razorback 
Complaint that the Epstein Cases were being deliberately misused for 
purposes unrelated to the litigation in order to lure investors into the 
Pont Scheme is the fact that on July 24, 2009, Edwards filed a two 
hundred thirty-four (234) page, one fifty-six (156) count federal 
complaint against me on behalf of a plaintiff, LM, for whom Edwards 
was already prosecuting a case against me in state court involving the 
very same facts alleged in the federal complaint. The complaint was 
filed in federal court, but was never served on me or prosecuted, leading 
me to conclude that the only reason it was filed was to enhance the case 
files shown at the offices of RRA to potential investors in the Pont 
Scheme. 
Edwards admitted in his March 23, 2010 deposition that there were between $300,000 
and $500,000 in litigation and investigation related expenditures on the Epstein Cases during that 
short period of time during which he was a partner at RRA. Yet, Edwards testified that 
expenditures on the Epstein Cases during the preceding eight months, when the cases were not 
being prosecuted by RRA, may not have even exceeded $25,000. (App.* at 6; [USE * R. 
813-14)] 
EFTA00808213
--- PAGE 10 ---
Also while a partner at RRA, Edwards filed a motion in Federal court in 
which he requested that the court order me to post a fifteen million 
dollar bond in the Jane Doe case. This case, according to the Razorback 
Complaint, was being touted at that time to investors in the Ponzi 
Scheme. 
In connection with that motion, Edwards filed papers 
discussing my net worth and filed supplemental papers purporting to list 
in great detail my vehicles, planes and other items of substantial value, 
all at a time when, according to the accounts in the press, the 
Information and Razorback Complaint, the Ponzi Scheme was 
unraveling and the need for new investors in the Ponzi Scheme was 
becoming urgent. The court rejected the Motion, calling it "devoid of 
evidence." 
The material facts relied upon by Epstein to justify the filing of his lawsuit are 
not in dispute. The question of probable cause is therefore properly presented by 
Epstein for summary disposition by this Court in his favor. See, e.g., Cent. Fla. 
Machinery (affidavits of summary judgment movant sued for malicious prosecution 
revealed sufficient information to support finding that there was probable cause for 
filing initial lawsuit). 
Edwards' Arguments Regarding Probable Cause are Without Merit 
In "Edwards' Opposition to Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgment" 
("Edwards' Opp."), Edwards relies upon incorrect probable cause standards. 
Edwards' responded to the probable cause issue as follows: 
As established by the record, Epstein did, in fact, lack probable cause to 
assert his claims against Edwards (see discussion above). Epstein's 
purported reliance on public filings, including the Scherer Complaint 
EFTA00808214
--- PAGE 11 ---
against Rothstein is unavailing. As discussed above, the evidence 
warrants the finding that Epstein knew that Edwards was legitimately 
pursing the claims on behalf of his clients which included the effort to 
secure testimony from Epstein's close confidants. Therefore, Epstein 
cannot rely upon the referenced public documents to support his claims 
against Edwards given he knows that information to be untrue and he 
refuses to answer questions about the veracity of the information. 
(Edwards' Opp. at 11-12) (exhibit reference omitted). 
Edwards' speculations about Epstein's subjective beliefs, even if true (which 
they are not), are irrelevant. Probable cause to act is not measured by the subjective 
belief of the actor, even under the more stringent standard of probable cause 
applicable to criminal cases. "[T]he concept of probable cause is grounded upon a 
standard of objective reasonableness." Hawxhurst v. State, 159 So. 3d 1012, 1013 
(Fla. 3d DCA 2015)."The existence of probable cause is measured by an objective 
standard, not based on an officer's underlying intent or subjective motivation." 
Hernandez v. State, 784 So.2d at 1128 (quoting State v. 
, 588 So. 2d 286, 287 
(Fla. 3d DCA 1991)). 
Accordingly, "[t]he principal components of a determination of reasonable 
suspicion or probable cause will be the events which occurred leading up to the stop 
or search, and then the decision whether these historical facts, viewed from the 
standpoint of an objectively reasonable police officer, amount to reasonable suspicion 
or to probable cause". Ornelas v. United States, 517 U.S. 690, 696 (1996). 
EFTA00808215
--- PAGE 12 ---
"Therefore, a police officer's subjective belief regarding the existence or 
non-existence of probable cause for a warrantless arrest is neither dispositive of, nor 
generally relevant to, this issue." Hawxhurst, 159 So. 3d at 1014. See also State v. 
Jennings, 968 So. 2d 694, 696 (Fla. 4th DCA 2007) ("The officers in this case had 
probable cause to search the occupants of the vehicle once they smelled the 
marijuana. That they may have articulated a subjective intent to search for officer 
safety did not change the fact that the smell of marijuana smoke provided an 
objectively reasonable basis for the search."). Edwards' contention that Epstein's 
subjective intent and motivation are relevant for determining the essential element of 
the lack of probable cause to support the underlying lawsuit must be rejected. 
Edwards places great reliance upon events that took place in 2010 and years 
thereafter, well after Epstein filed suit in 2009. (Edwards' Opp. at 4-7). Such 
post-lawsuit events are legally irrelevant because the probable cause determination 
is controlled by the facts relied upon by Epstein at the time he filed his complaint. See 
Gill v. Kostroff, 82 F.Supp. 2d 1354, 1364 (M.D. Fla. 2000) ("A determination of 
whether probable cause exists is based on the facts known by the defendant in the 
malicious prosecution action at the time the underlying action was initiated, not some 
later point in time.") (applying Florida law). 
Edwards also argues that he "cannot be liable" for the acts alleged in Epstein's 
EFTA00808216
--- PAGE 13 ---
lawsuit (Edwards' Opp. at 4), and that Epstein would not have been able to prove 
damages. (Edwards' Opp. at 5). Whether Epstein would have prevailed in his lawsuit 
is irrelevant to the determination whether there was probable cause to file the lawsuit. 
See Fee, Parker & Lloyd, P.A. v. Sullivan, 379 So. 2d 412, 418 (Fla. 4th DCA 1980) 
("One need not be certain of the outcome of a criminal or civil proceeding to have 
probable cause for instituting such an action."). 
Edwards does not dispute that in filing the lawsuit, Epstein relied upon public 
documents. Probable cause to file suit is properly found where the plaintiff relied 
upon public records. See, e.g., EMI Sun Village, Inc. v. Catledge, No. 13-cv-21594, 
2013 WL 5435780 (S.D. Fla. 2013) (dismissing malicious prosecution action where 
"ample probable cause to bring the underlying litigation based on the evidence of a 
fraudulent scheme" was shown by public records). Id. at *4. Edwards' retort is a non-
sequitur -- that Epstein was guilty of criminal misconduct involving Edwards' clients. 
(Edwards' Opp. at 4-5). Epstein's undisputed reliance upon the public records is 
sufficient to support probable cause to file suit. Epstein's suit was based upon the 
fraudulent scheme advanced by RRA and Edwards, and their misconduct in pursuing 
illegitimate and unfounded cases, separate and apart from the merits of the Epstein's 
criminal matters. 
Edwards argues that his misconduct alleged in Epstein's lawsuit had a "sound 
EFTA00808217
--- PAGE 14 ---
legal basis". (Edwards' Opp. at 6). Edwards' argument, while a potential defense on 
the merits, is not relevant to the determination whether Epstein possessed probable 
cause at the time the lawsuit was filed. As noted, whether Epstein would have 
prevailed on the merits has no bearing upon the determination whether he possessed 
probable cause to file suit based upon Edwards' misconduct in connection with the 
RRA fraudulent scheme. Fee, Parker & Lloyd, •, 
supra. 
Finally, Edwards attempts to negate the probable cause that existed at the time 
Epstein filed suit based upon adverse inferences Edwards seeks to draw from 
Epstein's invocations of his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination. 
This argument fails for two reasons. First, the invocations took place post-filing and 
are therefore irrelevant to the determination whether probable cause existed at the 
time the lawsuit was filed. Gill, supra. 
Second, even under the higher standard for probable cause in the criminal 
context, it is well settled that probable cause must be judged by the facts that existed 
at the time of the defendant's arrest, not evidence subsequently learned or provided 
to the prosecution. Mailly v. Jenne, 867 So. 2d 1250, 1251 (Fla. 4th DCA 2004) 
("Probable cause is judged by the facts and legal state of affairs that existed at the 
time of the arrest."); Fla. Game & Freshwater Fish 
v. Dockery, 676 So.2d 
471, 474 (Fla. 1st DCA 1996) ("Hindsight should not be used to determine whether 
EFTA00808218
--- PAGE 15 ---
a prior arrest or search was made with probable cause. Events that occur subsequent 
to the arrest cannot remove the probable cause that existed at the time of the arrest.") 
(citations omitted) (emphasis added); McCoy v. State, 565 So. 2d 860, 861 (Fla. 2d 
DCA 1990) (holding that hindsight should not be used to determine whether a prior 
arrest or search was made with probable cause); Dodds v. State, 434 So. 2d 940, 942 
(Fla. 4th DCA 1983) (holding that events that occur subsequent to the arrest cannot 
remove the probable cause that existed at the time of the arrest). "[A]n identification 
or a report from a single credible victim or eyewitness can provide the basis for 
probable cause ...." City of St. Petersburg v. Austrino, 898 So.2d 955, 960 (Fla. 2d 
DCA 2005) (emphasis added)! 
The same principles of probable cause apply in a malicious prosecution case, 
see, e.g., Fee, Parker & Lloyd, P.A., 379 So. 2d at 418 ("[W]e find the facts within 
Mr. Parker's knowledge at the time suit was filed sufficient to constitute probable 
cause for the commencement of the malpractice action."), see also, Fla. Std. Jury 
Instruction 406.4 ("Probable cause means that at the time of [instituting] [or] 
$ Paragraph 20 of Epstein's original complaint demonstrates his reliance upon such a 
report from a single credible victim or eyewitness sufficient to demonstrate for probable cause: 
"Ft. Lauderdale attorney William Scherer represents multiple Rothstein related investors. He 
indicated in an article that RRA/Rothstein had used "the Epstein ploy ... as a showpiece as bait. 
That's the way he raised the money. He would use ... cases as bait for luring investors into 
fictional cases. All the cases he allegedly structured were fictional. I don't believe there was a 
real on in there." 
EFTA00808219
--- PAGE 16 ---
[continuing] a [criminal] [civil] proceeding against another, the facts and 
circumstances known to [ (defendant) [ (other person) ] were sufficiently strong to 
support a reasonable belief that (claimant) [had committed a criminal offense] [the 
[claim] [proceeding] was supported by existing facts]."), but with even greater 
deference to the decision to seek redress through the filing of a civil lawsuit because, 
as noted, the standard for satisfying probable cause is lower than that applicable to 
criminal case. Wright, supra. 
CONCLUSION 
The case for summary judgment in favor of Epstein on Edwards' cause of 
action for malicious prosecution is compelling based upon the undisputed facts 
delineated above which support a finding that there was probable cause as a matter 
of law at the time Epstein filed his complaint. 
WHEREFORE, Epstein respectfully seeks reconsideration and an opportunity 
for the parties to be heard at oral argument on this motion. 
TONJA ET AL. 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola et al. 
EFTA00808220
--- PAGE 17 ---
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger, & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Ave. South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
East Broward Blvd. 
Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
Fanner Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Fred Haddad, Esq. 
Financial Plaza 
Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad, M. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00808221

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808222.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ex4gbit-1.0.9 
PWRWAG_LLPDrafL12/20/16 
AMENDED AND  RESTATED AGREEMENT AMONG PRINCIPALS 
dated as of 
July 13, 2007 
[ 
], 2016 
among 
LEON D. BLACK, 
MARC J. ROWAN, 
JOSHUA J. HARRIS, 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, M., 
MJR FOUNDATION LLC, 
MJILPARTNERS,
AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS, M., 
and 
BRH HOLDINGS, M. 
Elne0,-14S.H.O.P03.89.4 
DodtLUSU07/938.bil
EFTA00808222
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
Section 1.1 
Definitions 
Section 1.2 
Gender 
-1412 
ARTICLE II OWNERSHIP 
-1412 
Section 2.1 
Ownership 
4412
Section 2.2 
Sharing Percentage Adjustments 
4314
Section 2.3 
Heritage Points Percentage Adjustments 
4-314 
Section 2.4 
Transfers; Registration Rights 
4415
Section 2.5 
Excluded Assets 
4618
Section 2.6 
Allocation of Adjustments 
4718 
Section 2.7 
Distribution Accounts 
4-718 
Section 2.8 
Distributions 
4420
ARTICLE III EMPLOYMENT 
4920 
Section 3.1 
Termination 
4920
Section 3.2 
Vesting 
4920
Section 3.3 
Compensation; Other Economic Benefits 
2021
ARTICLE IV FORFEITURE 
2021 
Section 4.1 
Forfeiture Among Principals 
2021 
Section 4.2 
Forfeiture by Other Persons 
2422
ARTICLE V GOVERNANCE; CERTAIN RIGHTS; COMPETING ACTIVITIES 2223 
Section 5.1 
Executive Committee; Limitations on Holdings and the Holdings 
GP 
2223 
Section 5.2 
Authority of Executive Committee/Consent of the Principals 
2324 
Section 5.3 
Filling Vacancies on Executive Committee 
2425 
Section 5.4 
Extraordinary Transactions 
2426 
Section 5.5 
Employment Matters 
2628 
EFTA00808223
--- PAGE 3 ---
Section 5.6 
Acknowledgements by the Principals 
2-728 
Section 5.7 
Access to Books, Records and Financial Information 
2-728 
Section 5.8 
Confidential Information 
2729
ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS 
2830 
Section 6.1 
Notices 
2830
Section 6.2 
Interpretation 
2830
Section 6.3 
Severability 
2830 
Section 6.4 
Counterparts 
2930
Section 6.5 
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries 
2930
Section 6.6 
FURTHER ASSURANCES 
2930
Section 6.7 
Governing Law; Equitable Remedies 
2931
Section 6.8 
Consent to Jurisdiction 
2931
Section 6.9 
Arbitration 
3932
Section 6.10 Amendments; Waivers; No Discriminatory Action 
4234 
Section 6.11 Assignment 
4435
Se. 
Soh&lule--V4
fl
ii 
I 
feet4-651-44M;433894 
ROO: MI:1077070cl; 
EFTA00808224
--- PAGE 4 ---
AMENDED AND RESTATED  AGREEMENT AMONG PRINCIPALS 
(the "Agreement"), dated as of July-1X 
20072016, among Leon D. Black 
("LB"), Marc J. Rowan ("MR"), Joshua J. Harris ("JH", and together with LB and 
MR, the "Principals", and each individually, a "Principal"), Black Family Partners, 
M., a Delaware limited partnership ("BFP"), MJR Foundation LLC, a New York 
limited liability company ("MJR"), MJH Partners, ■ 
a Delaware limited 
partnership ("MJH and together with BFP and MJR, the "Family Holding 
Entities",sul
,
 each individually, a "Family Holding Entity, AP Professional 
Holdings, M., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership ("Intermediate 
Holdings"), and BRH Holdings, M., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership 
("Holdings"). 
WHEREAS, the Principals and other members of their respective 
Principal Groups (as defined herein) own all of the equity interests in Holdings; 
WHEREAS, BRH Holdings GP, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted 
company (the "Holdings GP") is the general partner of Holdings and Intermediate 
Holdings; 
WHEREAS, the Principals are the sole members of the Holdings GP; 
WHEREAS, immediately prior to the effectiveness of thisthe Prior 
Agreement (as defined below), the parties hereto have-entered into the Principals 
Contribution Agreement (as defined herein) whereby the Principals and their Groups 
contributed certain equity interests in the Apollo Operating Group to Intermediate 
Holdings (as defined herein) and sold certain equity interests in the Apollo Operating 
Group to APO Corp. and APO LLC (each as defined herein);-and 
WHEREAS, immediately prior to the effectiveness of thisthe Prior 
Agreement, certain Apollo senior managers entered into the Roll-up Agreements, 
whereby such senior managers contributed certain equity interests in the Apollo 
Operating Group to Intermediate Holdings and sold certain equity interests in the 
Apollo Operating Group to APO Corp. and APO LLC; 
WHEREAS, the Principals and the other parties thereto entered 
into that certain Agreement Among Principals, dated as of July 13, 2007, by and 
among the parties thereto (the "Prior Agreement"); and 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 6.10 of the Prior Agreement, the 
Principals desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement as set forth herein. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and 
undertakings contained herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as 
follows: 
I 
Dt,47-“Si-i 41%-7414 149, 
I/4KM: USI:l07703,89v IS 
EFTA00808225
--- PAGE 5 ---
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS 
Section 1.1 
Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
"AAA" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.9. 
"Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
"AOG Unit" refers to a unit in the Apollo Operating Group, which 
represents one limited partnership interest in each of the limited partnerships that 
comprise the Apollo Operating Group and any securities issued or issuable in exchange 
for or with respect to such AOG Units (i) by way of a dividend, split or combination 
of shares or (ii) in connection with a reclassification, recapitalization, merger, 
consolidation or other reorganization. 
"APO Corp." means APO Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
"APO LLC" means APO Asset Co., LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company. 
"Apollo" means Apollo Global Management, LLC. 
"Apollo Employer" means Apollo or any successor thereto. 
"Apollo Operating Group" means (i) Apollo Management Holdings, 
M., a Delaware limited partnership, Apollo Principal Holdings I, M., a Delaware 
limited partnership, Apollo Princi al Holdings II, 
., a Delaware limited partnership, 
Apollo Principal Holdings HI, 
., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, 
Apollo Principal Holdings IV, 
., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, 
and any successors thereto or other entities formed to serve as holding vehicles for 
Apollo carry vehicles, management companies or other entities formed to engage in the 
asset management business (including alternative asset management) and (ii) any such 
Apollo carry vehicles, management companies or other entities formed to engage in the 
asset management business (including alternative asset management) and receiving 
management fees, incentive fees, fees paid by Portfolio Companies, carry or other 
remuneration which are not Subsidiaries of the Persons described in clause (i), 
excluding any Funds and any Portfolio Companies. 
"Base Cause Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(a). 
"Base Disability Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(ac). 
"BFP" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
I 
INK-A-1464-40740309.4 
DS% USI-10770389v1$ 
EFTA00808226
--- PAGE 6 ---
"Board" means the board of directors of Apollo. 
"Business Day" means Monday through Friday of each week, except that 
a legal holiday recognized as such by the government of the United States of America 
or the State of New York shall not be regarded as a Business Day. 
"Cause" means (i) a final, non-appealable conviction of or plea of nolo 
contendere to a felony prohibiting such Principal from continuing to provide services 
as an investment professional to Apollo due to legal restriction or physical 
confinement; or (ii) ceasing to be eligible to continue performing services as an 
investment professional on behalf of Apollo or any of its material Subsidiaries, in each 
case, pursuant to a final, non-appealable legal restriction (such as a final, non-
appealable injunction, but expressly excluding a preliminary injunction or other 
provisional restriction). 
"Charitable Institution" means an organization described in Section 
501(c)(3) of the Code (or any corresponding provision of a future United State Internal 
Revenue lawCode) which is exempt from income taxation under Section 501(a) 
thereof. 
"Class A Shares" means the Class A Shares of Apollo representing 
Class A limited liability company interests of Apollo and any equity securities issued 
or issuable in exchange for or with respect to such Class A Shares (i) by way of a 
dividend, split or combination of shares or (ii) in connection with a reclassification, 
recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization. 
"Class B Share" means the Class B Share of Apollo representing Class 
B limited liability company interests of Apollo and any equity securities issued or 
issuable in exchange for or with respect to such Class B Share (i) by way of a 
dividend, split or combination of shares or (ii) in connection with a reclassification, 
recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization. 
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
"Confidential Information" means information that is not generally 
known to the public and that is or was used, developed or obtained by Holdings or any 
member of the Apollo Operating Group, their respective Subsidiaries or any Fund or 
Portfolio Company, including but not limited to, (i) information, observations, 
procedures and data obtained by the Principal while employed by the Apollo Employer 
or while a member of Holdings, or in connection with being a partner of any business 
or predecessor of the Apollo Operating Group or its Subsidiaries, concerning the 
business or affairs of Holdings, Apollo and its Subsidiaries, any Fund or any Portfolio 
Companies, (ii) products or services, (iii) costs and pricing structures, (iv) analyses, (v) 
performance data (vi) computer software, including operating systems, applications and 
program listings, (vii) flow charts, manuals and documentation, (viii) data bases, (ix) 
accounting and business methods, (x) inventions, devices, new developments, methods 
and processes, whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to 
Onell--145+40P0389.4 
Duct: USI:10770389n4 
EFTA00808227
--- PAGE 7 ---
practice, (xi) investors, customers, vendors, suppliers and investor, customer, vendor 
and supplier lists, (xii) other copyrightable works, (xiii) all production methods, 
processes, technology and trade secrets, (xiv) this Agreement and the governing 
agreements of Apollo or any of its Subsidiaries, (xv) investment memoranda and 
investment documentation concerning any potential, actual or aborted Investments, and 
(xvi) all similar and related information in whatever form. Confidential Information 
will not include any information that is generally available to the public prior to the 
date the Principal proposes to disclose or use such information. For the avoidance of 
doubt, Confidential Information does not include information concerning non-
proprietary business or investment practices, methods or relationships customarily 
employed or entered into by comparable business enterprises. 
"Continuing Principal" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
4.1(a). 
"Deficit Restoration Amount" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.3(b). 
"Disability" shall refer to any physical or mental incapacity which 
prevents a Principal from carrying out all or substantially all of his duties under his 
employment agreement with the Apollo Employer in such capacity for any period of 
one hundred eighty (180) consecutive days or any aggregate period of eight (8) months 
in any 12-month period, as determined, in its sole discretion, by a majority of the 
members of the Board, including a majority of the Continuing Principals who are 
members of the Board (but for the sake of clarity not including the Principal in respect 
of which the determination is being made). 
"Dispute" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.9(a). 
"Distribution Account" means any of the LB Distribution Account, the 
MR Distribution Account and the JH Distribution Account. 
"Employment Fraction" means (i) with respect to a Principal who 
resigns, retires or is terminated for Cause, a fraction (not to exceed one), the numerator 
of which is the number of whole months elapsed from January 1, 2007 until the date 
of such Principal's termination and the denominator of which is 60, if such Principal is 
MR or JH and 72, if such Principal is LB, and (ii) with respect to a Principal who is 
terminated due to death or Disability, a fraction (not to exceed one), the numerator of 
which is the number of whole months elapsed from January 1, 2007 until the date of 
such Principal's termination and the denominator of which is 60. 
"Equivalent Heritage Points" means, with respect to each Principal 
Group, the number of Heritage Points a Principal Group would own if the Heritage 
Points were allocated in accordance with the Sharing Percentages. Equivalent Heritage 
Points shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.3. 
"Equivalent Heritage Points Deficit" means, with respect to a Principal 
Group, as of immediately prior to any Exchange, the excess (if any) of the number of 
I 
." CSI. 144-7-7441'9 
1/octi: US1:107703119t 15 
EFTA00808228
--- PAGE 8 ---
Equivalent Heritage Points of such Principal Group over the Pecuniary Interest in the 
Heritage Points of such Principal Group. 
"Exchange" means (i) the exchange by Holdings of an AOG Unit for a 
Class A Share pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, and the subsequent sale of such 
Class A Share, at prevailing market prices for a Class A Share (unless the Person 
requesting such Exchange is willing to accept a lower price, e.g., to effect a block 
trade), (ii) a redemption of AOG Units initiated by Apollo or any of its Subsidiaries, 
solely upon Apollo's election, in which any Principal elects to participate, (iii) a sale 
by Intermediate Holdings of AOG Units in an LB Extraordinary Transaction or any 
other transaction approved by the Persons who will be selling Pecuniary Interests in 
AOG Units or (iv) at the option of the Executive Committee, in the event of a Pro 
Rata Exchange or a Non-Pro Rata Exchange, an In-Kind Exchange Distribution. 
"Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time and any successor to such 
statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
"Exchange Agreement" means the Exchange Agreement, dated as of the 
date of the Prior Agreement,_as amended through the date hereof, among Apollo, 
each member of the Apollo Operating Group, Intermediate Holdings and the other 
parties thereto. 
"Exchange Percentage" means a fraction, the numerator of which is the 
number of AOG Units transferred by a Principal Group pursuant to an Exchange and 
the denominator of which is the number of AOG Units in which such Principal Group 
had a Pecuniary Interest immediately prior to such transfer. 
"Excluded Assets" means any direct or indirect (i) personal investment 
or co-investment in any Fund or co-investment vehicle by any Principal or other 
member of his Principal Group (including future personal investments or co-
investments and investments funded through any Apollo fee waiver program, provided, 
that in connection with the Apollo fee waiver program, a Principal may only waive 
compensation or distributions that would otherwise be paid to such Principal (directly 
or indirectly) from the members of the Apollo Operating Group consistent with the 
terms of the Reorganization Documents (as such term is defined in the Strategic 
Agreement)), (ii) any amounts owed to any Subsidiary of Apollo by a Fund pursuant to 
a fee deferral arrangement in an investment management agreement with respect to any 
periods ending on or prior to the date hereefof_the Prior Agreement (which amount 
includes deferred fees and earnings thereon earned any time after such fees are 
deferred), which for this purpose shall include with respect to fees deferred for 2007, 
the portion of such fees that bears the same relationship to the total deferred fees as the 
number of days from January 1, 2007 through the date of this agreement bears to 365 
days, (iii) interest in any of the entities set forth on Schedule II hereto (including any 
indirect interest in the profits, losses and returns of capital associated with a Fund's 
general partner making capital commitments to such Fund, as described on Schedule 
II), (iv) amounts owed to any Principal or other member of his Principal Group 
Ont41-14S+40P0389.4 
Dud: USI:1077038904 
EFTA00808229
--- PAGE 9 ---
pursuant to any escrow of carried interest earned that has been escrowed to secure the 
clawback obligation of the general partner of any Fund pursuant to its organizational 
documents, (v) compensation and benefits paid or given to a Principal consistent with 
the terms of such Principal's Employment Agreement, (vi) director options issued prior 
to January I, 2007 by any Portfolio Company, (vii) an entity formed (without any 
material economics) to control the investment in Harrah's Entertainment, Inc. and (viii) 
interest in the Gulfstream IV aircraft and any associated purchase debt. 
"Executive Committee" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a). 
"Extraordinary Transaction" means (i) a sale or other disposition of the 
Apollo Operating Group and/or its Subsidiaries or any portion thereof, through a 
merger, recapitalization, stock sale, asset sale or otherwise, to an unaffiliated third 
party, or (ii) a borrowing to finance a direct or indirect distribution to Holdings; 
provided, however, that (x) Non-Pro Rata Exchanges and Pro Rata Exchanges in which 
each seller has the option not to sell, (y) transfers by a Principal or a member of his 
Group to another member of such PFincipalli,Principal Group and (z) the issuance of 
bona fide equity incentives to any employee (other than the Principals) of Apollo, the 
Apollo Operating Group or their respective Subsidiaries shall not constitute an 
Extraordinary Transaction. 
I 
"Family Holding Entity" and "Family Holding Entities" have the 
meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
"First Closing" means with respect to any Fund, the bona fide first 
closing with respect to any Fund that includes at least twenty percent (20%) of capital 
contributed or committed by unaffiliated third party Persons or any Fund. 
"Forfeited Interests" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(O. 
"Forfeiting Principal" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a). 
"Forfeiture Date" means, as to the Forfeited Interests to be forfeited 
within Holdings for the benefit of the Continuing Principals, the date which is the 
earlier of (i) the date that is six (6) months after the applicable date of termination of 
employment and (ii) the date on or after such termination date that is six (6) months 
after the date of the latest publicly-reported disposition (or deemed disposition subject 
to Section 16 of the Exchange Act) of equity securities of Apollo by any of the 
Continuing Principals. 
"FRCP" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.9. 
"Fund" means any pooled investment vehicle or similar entity sponsored 
or managed by Apollo or any of its Subsidiaries. 
+LAMS1-49P9389.4 
MO: USIa0n0WhIS 
EFTA00808230
--- PAGE 10 ---
"Fund IV" means, collectively, Apollo Investment Fund IV, M., a 
Delaware limited partnership, and Apollo Overseas Partners IV, 
a Cayman Islands 
exempted limited partnership. 
"Fund IV GP" means Apollo Advisors IV, M., a Delaware limited 
partnership. 
"Fund V" means, collectively, Apollo Investment Fund V, 
a 
Delaware limited partnership, Apollo Overseas Partners V, M., a Cayman Islands 
exempted limited partnership, Apollo Netherlands Partners V(A), M., a Ca
an 
Islands exempted limited partnership, Apollo Netherlands Partners V(B), 
a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, Apollo German Partners V GmbH & 
Co. KG, a German limited partnership, AIF V Euro Holdings, M., a Canan Islands 
exempted limited partnership, and Apollo Investment Fund V (PLASE), M., a 
Delaware limited partnership. 
"Fund V GP" means, collectively, Apollo Advisors V, M., a Delaware 
limited partnership and Apollo Advisors V, (EH Cayman), •., a Cayman Islands 
exempted limited partnership. 
"Fund VI GP" means, collectively, Apollo Advisors VI, M., a 
Delaware limited partnership and Apollo Advisors VI, (EH), M., a Cayman Islands 
exempted limited partnership. 
"Gimp" shall mean with respect to each Principal, such Principal and (i) 
such Principal's spouse, (ii) a lineal descendant of such Principal's parents, the spouse 
of any such descendant or a lineal descendent of any such spouse, (iii) a Charitable 
Institution solely controlled by such Principal and other members of his Group, (iv) a 
trustee of a trust (whether inter vivos or testamentary), all of the current beneficiaries 
and presumptive remaindermen of which are one or more of such Principal and 
Persons described in clauses (i) through (iii) of this definition, (v) a corporation, 
limited liability company or partnership, of which all of the outstanding shares of 
capital stock or interests therein are owned by one or more of such Principal and 
Persons described in clauses (i) through (iv) of this definition, (vi) an individual 
mandated under a qualified domestic relations order, ec-(vii) a-legal-efsuch Principal's 
Family Holding Entity (or a successor thereto) or (viii) the executor, personal 
representative or administrator of the estate of such Principal in-the-event-ef-his 
death-ef-Disabilitro of the estate of anyindividual described in clauses4),(E)_or
(vi) above. For purposes of this definition, (x) "lineal descendants" shall not include 
individuals adopted after attaining the age of eighteen (18) years and such adopted 
Person's descendants; and (y) "presumptive remaindermen" shall refer to those Persons 
entitled to a share of a trust's assets if it were then to terminate. No Principal shall 
ever be a member of the Group of another Principal. 
"Heritage Fund" means Fund IV and/or Fund V, as applicable. 
Otion—US4-Hen03.$9.4 
Dckt: US1-10770389v1$ 
EFTA00808231
--- PAGE 11 ---
"Heritage Points" means the nominal number of "points" with respect to 
each Heritage Fund contributed by each Principal Group to the Apollo Operating 
Group, as set forth on Schedule I hereto. The general partner of each Heritage Fund 
has issued 2,000 "points" in the aggregate, with each "point" representing 0.05% of the 
carried interest paid by such Heritage Fund to its general partner. 
"Heritage Points Percentage" means, with respect to any Principal Group 
and Heritage Fund, such Principal Group's Pecuniary Interest in the Heritage Points of 
such Heritage Fund divided by the Pecuniary Interest of all the Principal Groups in the 
Heritage Points of such Heritage Fund as set forth on Schedule I hereto, as adjusted 
pursuant to Sections 2.3, 4.1(d) and 4.2. For the avoidance of doubt, Persons other 
than the Principal Groups own interests, directly or indirectly, in Fund IV and Fund V, 
and therefore, a Principal Group's Heritage Points Percentage will be greater than its 
ownership percentage in Fund IV and Fund V, respectively. 
"Holdings" has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
"Holdings GP" has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
"In-Kind Exchange Distribution" means a Pro Rata Exchange or a Non-
Pro Rata Exchange accomplished by the distribution of AOG Units to all the Principals 
in the case of a Pro Rata Exchange or, in the case of a Non-Pro Rata Exchange, to 
those Principals directing such Non-Pro Rata Exchange. 
"Independent Board" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(a). 
"Intermediate Holdings" has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
"Investment" shall mean any investment (or similar term describing the 
results of the deployment of capital) as defined in the governing document of any Fund 
managed (directly or indirectly) by a member of the Apollo Operating Group. 
"Br has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
"JH Distribution Account" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(a). 
"JH Group" means JH and his Group. 
"LB" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
"LB Distribution Account" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(a). 
"LB Extraordinary Transaction" has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.4(b). 
"LB Group" means LB and his Group. 
Elne0-145.140P034i9.4 
Dud: USI:107701R9y14 
EFTA00808232
--- PAGE 12 ---
"Lender Rights Agreement" means the Lender Rights Agreement, dated 
as of the date hefeefoLthe_Prior Agreement, by and among Apollo, APOC Holdings 
Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company, the California Public Employees' 
Retirement System and the other parties thereto, as such agreement may be amended, 
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
"MRMJH" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
"MJR" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.
"MR" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
"MR Distribution Account" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(a). 
"MR Group" means MR and his Group. 
"Non-Pro Rata Exchange" means an Exchange the proceeds of which 
(including in the case of an In-Kind Distribution, the AOG Units) will be distributed to 
(or otherwise benefit) the Principal Groups within Holdings in any manner other than a 
Pro Rata Exchange. 
"Partial Vested Cause Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 
3.2(a). 
"Partial Vested Disability Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 
3.2(c). 
"Partnership Agreement" means the Amended and Restated Exempted 
Limited Partnership Agreement of Holdings, dated as of the date her-eefof the Prior 
Agreement, by and among the Holdings GP and each member of the Principal Groups. 
"Pecuniary Interest" means (i) with respect to AOG Units, the number of 
AOG Units that would be distributable to a Principal Group assuming that Holdings, 
Intermediate Holdings and any other Person that holds AOG Units in which Holdings 
has a direct or indirect interest were liquidated and distributed their respective assets in 
accordance with their respective governing agreements and (ii) with respect to Heritage 
Points, the number of Heritage Points that would be distributable to a Principal Group 
assuming that Holdings, Intermediate Holdings and any other Person that holds 
Heritage Points in which Holdings has a direct or indirect interest were liquidated and 
distributed their respective assets in accordance with their respective governing 
agreements (in each case, assuming the interests held by the Principal Groups were 
fully vested). 
"Permitted Transferee" means with respect to any Person who proposes 
to transfer an interest in Holdings, (i) another Person in the same Group as the 
transferee, (ii) any other Principal with respect to transactions contemplated by Sections 
docilAth&HOP0389.4 
Dod: VS1:1077038904 
EFTA00808233
--- PAGE 13 ---
2.3 and 4.1 of this Agreement or (iii) any Continuing Principal or any member of the 
Principal Group of_such Continuing Prineiptills-GreepPrincipal. 
"Person" shall be construed broadly and includes any individual, 
corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, 
business association, organization, governmental entity or other entity. 
"Portfolio Company" means any Person in which any Fund owns an 
Investment. 
•tPrineipel-Greuemeans-wilh-respeet-te-eny-Prineipalr  siteh-Peineiptil 
and-his-Group' 
"Principal" and "Principals" have the meaning set forth in the recitals to 
this Agreement. 
"Principal Group" means with respect to any Principal, such 
Principal and his Group. 
"Principal Representative" means (i) such individual(s) as shall be 
designated by a Principal under a separate written instrument making specific 
reference to this Agreement to act on such Principal's behalf as herein provided 
in the event of his death or Disability, which instrument shall be subject to 
revocation at any time prior to such Principal's death or Disability, or (ii) in 
default of such a designation by separate written instrument, (x) with respect to a 
Principal who is under a Disability, such individual(s) as shall be designated by 
such Principal's attorney(s)-in-fact under a duly executed durable power of 
attorney, or in default of such designation, by the duly appointed guardian of 
such Principal's property, and (y) with respect to a Principal who is deceased, 
such individual(s) as shall be designated to act by the executor(s), preliminary 
executor(s) or administrators of such Principal's estate. Subject to the provisions 
of such Principal's separate written instrument, durable power of attorney or last 
will and testament, as the case may be, regarding the designation of a Principal 
Representative, to the extent that more than one individual is to act as, or to 
designate, a Principal Representative hereunder, such individuals shall act by 
majority, if two or more individuals are so acting, or by unanimity, if two 
individuals are so acting. 
"Principals Contribution Agreement" means the Contribution, Purchase 
and Sale Agreement, dated the date hereefof the Prior Agreement, by and among the 
Partnership, Black Family Partners, 
a Delaware limited partnership, MJR 
Foundation LLC, a New York limited liability company, Joshua J. Harris, Holdings, 
Intermediate Holdings, APO Corp., APO LLC and each member of the Apollo 
Operating Group. 
"Prior Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this 
Agreement. 
Otra-kkti4-14iMe49.4 
Doet: USI:10770389v15 
EFTA00808234
--- PAGE 14 ---
"Pro Rata Exchange" means an Exchange in which all three Principal 
Groups participate and transfer a number of AOG Units in proportion to their 
respective Sharing Percentages. 
"Proceeding" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8. 
"Roll-up Agreement" means any Roll-up Agreement by and among 
Holdings, Intermediate Holdings, Apollo, APO LLC and APO Corp., on the one hand, 
and a senior manager of Apollo, on the other hand, in each case, dated as of the date 
hcrcofof the Prior Agreement. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Selected Courts" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8. 
"Senior Professional" means any executive officer of Apollo or any of 
the investment professionals who provide services (either as partners or employees) to 
Apollo or any of its Subsidiaries whose "total income" for the most recent preceding 
fiscal year is among the 25 highest (excluding the Principals from the 25 employees); 
provided, that any such individual must provide services to Apollo or any of its 
Subsidiaries on a substantially full-time basis; and provided, further, that the Principals 
shall not be considered Senior Professionals. As used herein, "total income" is an 
amount equal to the sum of (without duplication) (i) total compensation determined 
pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K and (ii) total income listed on the applicable 
K-1 from Holdings, Intermediate Holdings or any Subsidiary of Apollo (excluding 
Funds and co-investment vehicles that invest in Funds). 
"Shareholders Agreement" shall mean the shareholders agreement by 
and among Apollo, Holdings, Intermediate Holdings and the other parties thereto,dated 
as of the date of the Prior Agreement, as amended through the date hereof. 
"Shares" means, collectively, the outstanding Class A Shares and Class 
B Share (as equitably adjusted to reflect any split, combination, reorganization, 
recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event involving the Class A Shares 
and/or Class B Share). 
"Sharing  Percentage" means, with respect to any Principal Group, the 
amount, expressed as a percentage, obtained by dividing (i) the Pecuniary Interest of 
such Principal Group in AOG Units by (ii) the Pecuniary Interest of all the Principal 
Groups in AOG Units, as set forth on Schedule III hereto, as adjusted pursuant to 
Sections 2.2 and 4.1. For the avoidance of doubt, Persons other than the Principal 
Groups own interests, directly or indirectly, in the Apollo Operating Group and related 
management companies, and therefore, a Principal Group's Sharing Percentage will be 
greater than its ownership percentage in any particular entity within the Apollo 
Operating Group. 
"Strategic Agreement" means the Strategic Agreement, dated as of the 
date hereefof the Prior Agreement, by and among Apollo, APOC Holdings Ltd., a 
I 
Dec..-1461-413R13349.4 
tkOslh 
10770v49•11 
EFTA00808235
--- PAGE 15 ---
Cayman Islands exempted company, the California Public Employees' Retirement 
System and the other parties thereto. 
"Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" means, with respect to any Person, as of 
any date of determination, any other Person as to which such Person owns, directly or 
indirectly, or otherwise controls, more than 50% of the voting shares or other similar 
interests or the sole general partner interest or managing member or similar interest of 
such Person. 
"Tax" means all federal, foreign, state, county, local or other taxes, 
charges, fees or assessments based on or measured with respect to income, including, 
without limitation, withholding, social security, payroll, employments, franchise and 
unemployment, imposed by a taxing authority, and shall include all interest, penalties 
and additions imposed with respect to such amounts. 
"Tax Receivable Agreement" means the Tax Receivable Agreement, 
dated as of the date the Prior Agreement, as amended through the date here by 
and among APO Corp., a Delaware corporation, Apollo Princi al Holdings II, 
., a 
Delaware limited partnership, Apollo Principal Holdings IV, 
a Cayman Islands 
exempted limited partnership, Apollo Management Holdings, 
., a Delaware limited 
partnership (together with all other Persons in which APO Corp. acquires a partnership 
interest, member interest or similar interest after the date thereof and who becomes 
party thereto by execution of a joinder), and the other parties thereto. 
"Term Sheet" means the Restructuring Term Sheet executed on March 
19, 2007 among LB, MR and JH. 
"Transferred Equivalent Heritage Points" has the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.3(b). 
"Transferred Interests" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b). 
Section 1.2 
Gender. For the purposes of this Agreement, the words 
"he," "his" or "himself" shall be interpreted to include the masculine, feminine and 
corporate, other entity or trust form. 
ARTICLE II 
OWNERSHIP 
Section 2.1 
Ownership. 
(a) 
The Principal Groups own Holdings in accordance with 
their respective Sharing Percentages; provided, however, that each Principal Group's 
interest in income and gains derived by Holdings from its indirect interest in the 
Heritage Funds shall be in accordance with such Principal Group's Pecuniary Interest 
in Heritage Points. 
docirlAW-49;;03.89.4 
Ofitt_USidone$9415 
EFTA00808236
--- PAGE 16 ---
(b) 
Other than Excluded Assets, each Principal (i) has 
contributed all of his interests in Intermediate Holdings, Apollo, the Apollo Operating 
Group and their respective Subsidiaries to Holdings and (ii) will not directly own any 
interests in Intermediate Holdings, the Apollo Operating Group and their respective 
Subsidiaries in the future; provided, however, that any future salary, compensation, 
equity incentives and other fringe benefits made available to any of the Principals or 
any member of their respective Groups by Apollo, the Apollo Operating Group or their 
respective Subsidiaries shall be Excluded Assets and shall not be contributed to 
Holdings. 
(c) 
The Executive Committee shall negotiate in good faith 
with potential Fund investors to provide that any future mandatory capital 
commitments to be made by the general partner of any Fund shall be funded by Apollo 
(and not directly by the Principals). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive 
Committee shall have the authority to determine whether it is commercially 
advantageous to have the Principals fund such capital commitments and, in the event 
that the Executive Committee so determines, the Principals agree to fund such capital 
commitments; provided, however, that (i) without the unanimous consent of the 
Executive Committee, no general partner of any Fund or any co-investment vehicle 
established to invest in any Fund shall commit to make a capital commitment in excess 
of 2.5%, in the aggregate, of the total capital commitments received by such Fund, and 
the portion of such capital commitment to be made by the Principals shall be reduced 
by the amount of such capital commitments to be made (as determined by the majority 
approval of the Executive Committee) by (A) Apollo and its Subsidiaries (excluding 
any Funds that may be Subsidiaries) and (B) the other investment professionals 
employed by Apollo and its Subsidiaries; (ii) without the unanimous consent of the 
Executive Committee, no Principal shall be required to make a capital commitment in 
excess of $75 million in any individual Fund; (iii) except as provided in clauses (iv) 
and (v) below, if the Principals are obligated to make future capital commitments to 
any Fund or any co-investment vehicle established to invest in any Fund, such capital 
commitments will be made by the Continuing Principals (or other members of their 
respective Groups) outside of Holdings ratably in accordance with the Sharing 
Percentages of their respective Groups as of the date of the First Closing of such Fund 
(for the avoidance of doubt, each such capital commitment by a Principal or his Group 
shall be an Excluded Asset); (iv) no Principal shall be required to make any future 
capital commitment to any Fund that has a First Closing after the date of such 
Principal's termination or to any co-investment vehicle established to invest in any 
Fund that has a First Closing after the date of such Principal's termination; and (v) any 
mandatory capital commitments by Holdings to a Heritage Fund will be made by the 
Principals in accordance with the Heritage Points Percentages in such Heritage Fund 
without giving effect to any adjustments thereto (for the avoidance of doubt, each such 
capital commitment by a Principal or his Group shall be an Excluded Asset). 
(d) 
Each Principal shall determine individually whether such 
Principal and his Group shall indirectly participate in the management fee waiver 
program with respect to such Principal Group's indirect right to receive distributions 
from Apollo Management Holdings, M. with respect to management fees that would 
Doe0-1461-40P0389.4 
Dod: USI:10770InvIS 
EFTA00808237
--- PAGE 17 ---
have otherwise been payable on July 2, 2007. After July 2, 2007, the Principals and 
Holdings shall not indirectly participate in any management fee waiver program in 
effect from time to time unless the Executive Committee determines otherwise (it 
being understood that so long as participation by the Principals does not have an 
adverse impact on the financial results of Apollo and its Subsidiaries, the Executive 
Committee shall work diligently toward developing a plan that would allow such 
participation in compliance with clauses (i) through (iii) below); provided, that (i) to 
the extent that the Principals or Holdings participate in any such management fee 
waiver program, the Principals shall be entitled to indirectly participate in accordance 
with their respective Sharing Percentages, (ii) if there is any limitation on the amount 
of investment pursuant to any such management fee waiver program, the amount 
available to the Principals shall be allocated among the Principals in accordance with 
their respective Sharing Percentages, and (iii) to the extent that participation by the 
Principals or Holdings in any such management fee waiver program has an adverse 
economic impact on any non-participating Principal or the unitholders of Apollo 
generally, the Executive Committee must approve such participation by unanimous 
consent. The Executive Committee shall initially determine whether any "adverse 
economic impact" referred to in clause (iii) above will occur, but any Principal may 
dispute such determination. 
(e) 
The Executive Committee will determine whether and to 
what extent any entity or investment professional (including the Principals) may invest 
in the Funds on terms more favorable than those offered to third party investors. If the 
Executive Committee permits any Principal to invest on terms more favorable than 
those offered to third party investors, it will permit all Continuing Principals and 
Principal Groups to do so, and if any limit is imposed upon the amounts that may be 
invested on more favorable terms then such amount shall be allocated among the 
Continuing Principals and PrincipaLGroups in accordance with their respective 
Sharing Percentages. 
(0 
Holdings may hold interests in AOG Units, Shares, 
Heritage Points or other securities indirectly through Intermediate Holdings or other 
Persons. In such instance, this Agreement will be construed as if Holdings held such 
securities directly and Holdings shall cause such other Persons to take any actions 
necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated herein. 
Section 2.2 
Sharing  Percentage Adjustments. 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of an Exchange directed by any 
Principal Group pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof, such Principal Group's Pecuniary 
Interest in AOG Units shall be decreased by the number of AOG Units transferred. 
(b) 
Holdings shall track all transfers of AOG Units, other 
than (i) transfers pursuant to Sections 4.1(d) and 4.2, (ii) transfers made pursuant to an 
LB Extraordinary Transaction and (iii) transfers between members of the same 
Principal Group, in a tracking account (with sales represented as additions to the 
tracking account and acquisitions (other than as a result of the operation of the 
INteN-146.1-40A0309.4 
DcOLUSI;10770389y15 
EFTA00808238
--- PAGE 18 ---
forfeiture provisions contained in Sections 4.1 and 4.2) represented as subtractions 
from the tracking account) and the total positive or negative sum of such transfers for 
each Principal Group at any given time shall be hereinafter referred to as such 
Principal's "Transferred Interests". 
(c) 
Upon the termination of a Principal, such Principal's 
Sharing Percentage shall be adjusted in accordance with Article IV. 
Section 2.3 
Heritage Points Percentage Adjustments. 
(a) 
Each Principal Group's Heritage Points shall be adjusted 
and reallocated in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.3 and Sections 
4.1(4) and 4.2. Schedule I sets forth the Heritage Points Percentage of each Principal 
Group, and Schedule I shall be updated by the Principals from time to time to give 
effect to the provisions of this Section 2.3. 
(b) 
In the event of an Exchange by a Principal Group 
(whether a Pro Rata Exchange or a Non-Pro Rata Exchange), the number of Heritage 
Points attributable to the AOG Units transferred by such Principal Group in the 
Exchange shall be equal to the product of such Principal Group's Equivalent Heritage 
Points and the Exchange Percentage (the "Transferred Equivalent Heritage Points"); 
provided, that immediately prior to such Exchange, the Pecuniary Interests of all of the 
Principal Groups in the Heritage Points shall be adjusted and reallocated among the 
Principal Groups by debiting the LB Group's Pecuniary Interest in the Heritage Points 
and crediting the MR Group's or the JH Group's (as applicable) Pecuniary Interest in 
the Heritage Points by an amount equal to fifty (50) percent of the product of (1) the 
Equivalent Heritage Points Deficit of the MR Group and/or JH Group (as applicable) 
and (2) the Exchange Percentage of the MR Group and/or JH Group (as applicable) 
(the "Deficit Restoration Amount"); provided, further, that if and to the extent the 
Transferred Equivalent Heritage Points for the MR Group and/or the JH Group exceeds 
such Principal Group's Pecuniary Interest in the Heritage Points (after giving effect to 
the Deficit Restoration Amount), the LB Group's Pecuniary Interest in Heritage Points 
will be further debited by the amount of such excess and the amount so debited shall 
be reallocated to the JH Group and/or MR Group as applicable. 
(c) 
If new AOG Units or equity interests in the Apollo 
Operating Group are issued to any Person (e.g., issuances to Apollo to reflect the 
proceeds of a sale of newly issued Class A Shares or issuances to employees of Apollo 
or its Subsidiaries pursuant to an equity incentive plan), the economic interest of 
Holdings in the Heritage Funds will be diluted. In each such instance, the Heritage 
Points of each Principal Group will be adjusted as if Holdings sold that number of 
AOG Units in a Pro Rata Exchange which would result in the same reduction in 
Holdings' direct or indirect interest in the carried interest of the Heritage Funds. 
(d) 
The LB Group shall retain a sufficient number of Heritage 
Points in each Heritage Fund to honor its obligations in this Section 2.3. 
I 
DerP,4164-40Fi03149.4 
OcttLUSI:1077038105 
EFTA00808239
--- PAGE 19 ---
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Heritage Points 
Percentages may be further adjusted as set forth in Sections 4.I(d) and 4.2. 
Section 2.4 
Transfers; Registration Rights. 
(a) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 2.4 and 
the Exchange Agreement, each member of a Principal farni-upen-the-death-er 
individually shall have the right to cause Holdings to effect, at any time and from time 
to time, on one or more occasions, an Exchange with respect to all or a portion of 
such member's interestin_such Principal Group's Pecuniary Interest in AOG Units. 
The proceeds from any such Exchange (including any payments received by Holdings 
pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement), net of all selling expenses (other than 
selling expenses borne by Apollo pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement), shall be 
distributed by Holdings to the-rnernbefseach selling member of such selling 
PrineipaPrincipal Group in proportion to theirsuch member's interest in such 
Principal Group's Pecuniary Interest in AOG Units subject to such Exchange. Upon 
the direction byof a member of a Principal (and-upen-the-Eleath-or-Disabilibfrof-such 
Prineipair  his-dulrappointed-personal-representritive)Group to effect an Exchange in 
compliance with this Agreement, Holdings shall be required to cause Intermediate 
Holdings to undertake an exchange, on a one-for-one basis, of an AOG Unit for a 
Class A Share and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly consummate 
such Exchange (it being understood that no such transfer shall be effective unless such 
Principal and his Group have vested into the Pecuniary Interest in the AOG Units 
proposed to be transferred); provided, however, that each Principal acknowledges that 
one or more events, such as an underwriter cutback, the unavailability of a registration, 
the possession of material non-public information, or general market dislocation may 
affect the timing of a proposed sale or disposition of Class A Shares following an 
exchange, and accordingly, any Person that receives Class A Shares shall sell or 
dispose of such shares as promptly as practicable upon receipt thereof, taking into 
account the circumstances surrounding such proposed sale or disposition. Anything 
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, at the option of the Executive Committee, 
Holdings will cause Intermediate Holdings to make ana pro rata In-Kind Exchange 
Distribution to Holdings, and Holdings will make ana pro rata In-Kind Exchange 
Distribution. No In-Kind Exchange Distribution may be made unless (i) the recipient 
is already a party to the Exchange Agreement as an "Apollo Principal Holder" and a 
party to the Shareholders Agreement as a "Shareholder" (or becomes so on or 
substantially simultaneous with such In-Kind Exchange Distribution) and (ii) Holdings 
shall make such election and cause Intermediate Holdings to make such In-Kind 
Exchange Distribution in a manner that would permit the applicable notice provisions 
under the Exchange Agreement to be met in order for the Exchange to occur on the 
same Quarterly Exchange Date with respect to which the Principal directed such 
Exchange. In addition, upon an In-Kind Exchange Distribution, the recipient shall 
exchange the AOG Units received for Class A Shares, as soon as possible, pursuant to 
the Exchange Agreement by the next Quarterly Exchange Date thereafter (as defined in 
the Exchange Agreement). TheAny member of a Principal Group that directed any 
such Exchange shall indemnify and hold harmless Holdings and its other partners from 
doc4,4,64-40;;03.89.4 
DOOLUStlinentll 
EFTA00808240
--- PAGE 20 ---
any liabilities or expenses (other than selling expenses borne by Apollo pursuant to the 
Shareholders Agreement) incurred in connection with such Exchange other than with 
respect to any taxable income realized by such ether-Principal Group or any member 
thereof as a result of such Exchange. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to Sections 
4.1(d) and 4.2, Holdings may not undertake an Exchange at the direction of a member 
of a Principal Group_unless (i) the vested portion of the Pecuniary Interest of such 
Principal end-hie-Group in AOG Units (calculated on a pro-forma basis assuming such 
Principal voluntarily resigned immediately prior to such Exchange and such resignation 
constitutes a resignation under Section 3.2(b) hereof) is sufficient to cover the number 
of AOG Units proposed to be Exchanged and (ii) such member of a Principal Group 
is permitted to direct an Exchange pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Shareholders 
Agreement and the Exchange Agreement. No pat4ymember of a Principal Group 
may request that an Exchange be made pursuant to the Exchange Agreement if the 
intended transferee is a member of sueh-pal45asthe same_Principal Group. 
Notwithstanding anything else contained herein to the contrary, prior to consummating 
an Exchange within six (6) months of any purchase or sale of AOG Units by Holdings 
or Intermediate Holdings, the member of the Principal Group_proposing such 
Exchange shall consult with and obtain the approval of the general counsel of Apollo; 
provided, that all PrincipalsPrincipal Groups subject to the same legal restrictions 
shall be treated ratably in accordance with their respective Sharing Percentages. 
(c) 
Neither the Principal Group nor any Person controlled by 
the Principal Group shall own any Class A Shares other than Class A Shares received 
in an Exchange and then only to the extent provided in the Exchange Agreement. 
(d) 
Subject to Section 5.4(b), no member of a Principal 
Group shall (i) direct Holdings to undertake an Exchange in violation of the 
Shareholders Agreement, the Exchange Agreement, the Partnership Agreement or any 
applicable lock-up agreement, or (ii) transfer its interests in Holdings without 
unanimous consent of the Principals other than to a Permitted Transferee; provided,
that a member of a Principal Group may not transfer any of its direct interests in 
Holdings to a Permitted Transferee unless such Permitted Transferee becomes a party 
to this Agreement by executing a joinder in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto. 
For avoidance of doubt, the foregoing limitation shall not apply to transfers of 
any interest in a Family Holding Entity or any successor thereto. 
I 
(e) 
In connection with the registration rights provided in the 
Shareholders Agreement, each member of a Principal and-his-Group will have the 
right (and-all-ef-the-Peineipals-skall-have-equal-eights)-to direct Holdings to cause 
Intermediate Holdings to exercise any of its rights under Article V of the Shareholders 
Agreement for the benefit of the Principal or members of his Group as if such Person 
were a Shareholder thereunder, in which event Holdings will cause Intermediate 
Holdings to direct Apollo to use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the 
registration under the Securities Act of Class A Shares. Any underwriter cutbacks 
affecting the Class A Shares indirectly held by Holdings shall be borne among the 
One0-1461-40P0389.4 
Lled: USI:10770VM14 
EFTA00808241
--- PAGE 21 ---
Principals or their respective Groups pm rata in accordance with their respective 
Sharing Percentages. Holdings and Intermediate Holdings shall promptly notify the 
other Principals (i) upon the exercise of a demand registration right by a member of a 
Principal Group_or any other Person or (ii) upon the registration by another Person 
(including Apollo) in which Intermediate Holdings is entitled to participate in 
accordance with its piggyback registration rights as set forth in the Shareholders 
Agreement, and in the case of a registration described in clause (i) or (ii), prior to 
causing Apollo to include any shares in such registration, afford each Principal through 
Holdings and Intermediate Holdings, equal rights to direct Apollo to include Class A 
Shares in any such registration to be sold for the benefit of the members of that 
Principal' f:Principal Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a 
Principal's death, for purposes of calculating cutbacks within Holdings, the Class A 
Shares indirectly proposed to be included in such offering by Holdings for the benefit 
of such Principal's estate will be adjusted such that the Class A Shares allocable to the 
Principal's estate to be included in such offering shall be three times (3x) the number 
of Class A Shares otherwise allocable to such Principal in such offering. 
(f) 
AtSubject to the limitations set forth in the Exchange 
Agreement, at least five (5) days prior to submitting formal notice of a request for an 
Exchange pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, any member of a Principal Group 
permitted to direct an Exchange pursuant to the Exchange Agreement shall inform 
the ether—Principals of his, her or its intention to direct such an Exchange. 
(g) 
Each Principal shall cause his Group to take any action 
(or refrain from taking any action) reasonably necessary to carry out the intent of this 
Agreement. 
(h) 
In the case of a Principal who is under a Disability, if 
and only if such Principal directly holds any interests in Holdings, his Principal 
Representative shall exercise the rights (and be subject to the obligations) of a 
member of the Principal Group under this Section 2.4 on behalf of such Principal 
with respect to such interests. 
Section 2.5 
Excluded Assets. The terms of this Agreement shall not 
in any way affect the ownership of the Excluded Assets, and the Principal Groups shall 
continue to share the benefits and burdens of ownership in the Persons set forth on 
Schedule II hereto in the manner provided for in the existing arrangements among the 
Principals without regard to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that to 
the extent that a Principal or his respective Group controls or influences the general 
partner, managing member or similar governing party of any of the Persons listed on 
Schedule II, such Principal will (and will cause his Group to) exercise such control or 
influence in the manner directed by the Executive Committee. 
Section 2.6 
Allocation of Adjustments. The members of each 
Principal Group are set forth on Schedule IV hereto, which may be updated from time 
to time to reflect additional transfers to a Permitted Transferee that is a member of a 
Principal Group. Any adjustment to a Principal Group's Pecuniary Interest in AOG 
14neirlAW40;;03449.4 
Dosit:_Ulta071118910 
EFTA00808242
--- PAGE 22 ---
Units or Heritage Points pursuant to this Agreement shall be allocated among the 
members of such Group in a manner directed by the Principal of such Group or absent 
such instructions, pm rata among the members of such Group based upon their relative 
interests in Holdings. 
Section 2.7 
Distribution Accounts. 
(a) 
Holdings shall establish and maintain a ledger account on 
behalf of the (i) LB Group (the "LB Distribution Account"), (ii) MR Group (the "MR 
Distribution Account") and (iii) JH Group (the "JH Distribution Account"), in each 
case, in accordance with this Section 2.7. 
(b) 
Other than cash or in-kind distributions described in 
Sections 2.8C1:0(i) or 2.8(b)(ii) and  2.8(O, each Distribution Account shall be increased 
as follows: 
(i) 
the LB Distribution Account shall be increased by 
the amount of any distributions to Holdings received (x) with respect to 
Heritage Points in Fund IV, in accordance with the LB Group's Heritage Points 
Percentage applicable to Fund IV in effect on the date of such distribution, (y) 
with respect to Heritage Points in Fund V, in accordance with the LB Group's 
Heritage Points Percentage applicable to Fund V in effect on the date of such 
distribution, and (z) with respect to any other distributions to Holdings, in 
accordance with the LB Group's Sharing Percentage in effect on the date of 
such distribution; 
(ii) 
the MR Distribution Account shall be increased by 
the amount of any distributions to Holdings received (x) with respect to 
Heritage Points in Fund IV, in accordance with the MR Group's Heritage 
Points Percentage applicable to Fund IV in effect on the date of such 
distribution, (y) with respect to Heritage Points in Fund V, in accordance with 
the MR Group's Heritage Points Percentage applicable to Fund V in effect on 
the date of such distribution, and (z) with respect to any other distributions to 
Holdings, in accordance with the MR Group's Sharing Percentage in effect on 
the date of such distribution; and 
(iii) 
the JH Distribution Account shall be increased by 
the amount of any cash distributions to Holdings received (x) with respect to 
Heritage Points in Fund IV, in accordance with the JH Group's Heritage Points 
Percentage applicable to Fund IV in effect on the date of such distribution, 
(y) with respect to Heritage Points in Fund V, in accordance with the JH 
Group's Heritage Points Percentage applicable to Fund V in effect on the date 
of such distribution, and (z) with respect to any other distributions to Holdings, 
in accordance with the JH Group's Sharing Percentage in effect on the date of 
such distribution. 
ancIA:M-404;03$9.1 
Dud: USUOV038904 
EFTA00808243
--- PAGE 23 ---
Holdings shall be deemed to have received any distribution made by the Fund IV GP, 
the Fund V GP, and, without duplication, the Apollo Operating Group, in each case, 
with respect to its pecuniary interest in such Persons. 
(c) 
Each Distribution Account shall be decreased as follows: 
(i) 
the LB Distribution Account shall be decreased by 
the amount of (x) any distributions from Holdings to the LB Group other than 
distributions pursuant to Sections 2.8(b)(i), 2.8(b)(ii) and 2.8(c), and (y) the LB 
Group's Sharing Percentage of any expenses incurred by Holdings, other than 
expenses that are expressly payable by a particular Principal or his Group 
pursuant to this Agreement; 
(ii) 
the MR Distribution Account shall be decreased 
by the amount of (x) any distributions from Holdings to the MR Group other 
than distributions pursuant to Sections 2.8(b)(i), 2&(b)(ii) and 2.8(c), and (y) 
the MR Group's Sharing Percentage of any expenses incurred by Holdings, 
other than expenses that are expressly payable by a particular Principal or his 
Group pursuant to this Agreement; and 
(iii) 
the JH Distribution Account shall be decreased by 
the amount of (x) any distributions from Holdings to the JH Group other than 
distributions pursuant to Sections 2.8(b)Q), U(b)(ii) and LW), and (y) the JH 
Group's Sharing Percentage of any expenses incurred by Holdings, other than 
expenses that are expressly payable by a particular Principal or his Group 
pursuant to this Agreement; 
provided, that, any expenses incurred by Holdings that solely relate to a particular 
Heritage Fund, and are not expressly payable by a particular Principal or his Group 
shall be allocated among the Groups in accordance with their respective Heritage 
Points Percentages. 
Section 2.8 
Distributions. 
(a) 
Subject to the retention of cash reserves to account for 
reasonably anticipated expenses and other liabilities as the Executive Committee may 
determine to be appropriate, Holdings shall make distributions to the Principal Groups 
promptly upon receipt of any cash distributions from the Apollo Operating Group. 
Such distributions shall be made in cash, without interest. At no time shall Holdings 
or any of the Principals take any action that shall prevent Intermediate Holdings or any 
other similar holding vehicle from making cash distributions to Holdings upon receipt 
of a cash distribution from the Apollo Operating Group. 
(b) 
The net proceeds of any (i) Pro Rata Exchange (including, 
in the case of an In-Kind Exchange Distribution, the AOG Units) shall be distributed 
to the Principal Groups in accordance with their respective Sharing Percentages, (ii) 
Non-Pro Rata Exchange (including, in the case of an In-Kind Exchange Distribution, 
the AOG Units) shall be distributed entirely to the Principal Group(s) that directed 
I 
INK-41
1-40P0389.4 
Dod: USI:10770tRan4 
EFTA00808244
--- PAGE 24 ---
such Non-Pro Rata Exchange, (iii) other distribution to Holdings which has properly 
been reflected in the Distribution Accounts pursuant to Section 2.7 shall be distributed 
to the Principal Groups in proportion to (and not in excess of) their respective 
Distribution Accounts and (iv) other distribution (other than a distribution of Heritage 
Points) shall be distributed to the Principal Groups in accordance with their respective 
Sharing Percentages (it being understood that any expenses other than selling 
expenses borne_by Apollo pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement incurred in 
connection with any Exchange shall be borne by the Principals directing such 
Exchange in proportion to the number of AOG Units being Exchanged by such 
Principals). 
(c) 
In the event that Holdings distributes the partnership 
interests represented by the Heritage Points to the Principal Groups, it shall distribute 
such partnership interests in accordance with Heritage Points Percentages for the 
applicable Heritage Fund. 
ARTICLE III 
EMPLOYMENT 
Section 3.1 
Termination. 
(a) 
Termination by Apollo Employer. A Principal may be 
terminated by the Apollo Employer only for Cause. The Principals shall take all 
actions necessary to ensure that no Principal shall be terminated by the Apollo 
Employer for any other reason. 
(b) 
Termination by Principal. Each Principal shall be deemed 
terminated upon his death, Disability, retirement or resignation from the Apollo 
Employer. 
Section 3.2 
Vesting. Each Principal Group's Pecuniary Interest in the 
AOG Units shall be subject to vesting as provided in this Section 3.2. 
(a) 
Upon a Principal's termination for Cause, the vested 
portion of his Group's Pecuniary Interest in AOG Units shall equal (i) the product 
(such product, the "Partial Vested Cause Amount") of (x) the sum (such sum, the 
"Base Cause Amount") of such Principal Group's then-current Pecuniary Interest in 
AOG Units plus such Principal Group's Transferred Interests (if any), multiplied by (y) 
such Principal's Employment Fraction; plus (ii) fifty percent (50%) of the difference 
between (x) the Base Cause Amount and (y) the Partial Vested Cause Amount; minus 
(iii) such Principal Group's Transferred Interests. 
(b) 
Upon a Principal's termination as a result of resignation 
or retirement, the vested portion of his Group's Pecuniary Interest in AOG Units shall 
equal (i) (x) such Principal Group's then-current Pecuniary Interest in AOG Units plus 
I 
Doell-1461-40P0340.4 
Dod: US11:10770Invii 
EFTA00808245
--- PAGE 25 ---
such Principal Group's Transferred Interests (if any) multiplied by (y) such Principal's 
Employment Fraction; minus (ii) such Principal Group's Transferred Interests. 
(c) 
Upon a termination of MR or JH for death or Disability, 
the vested portion of his Group's Pecuniary Interest in AOG Units shall equal (i) the 
product (such product, the "Partial Vested Disability Amount") of (x) the sum (such 
sum, the "Base Disability Amount") of such Principal Group's then-current Pecuniary 
Interest in AOG Units plus such Principal Group's Transferred Interests (if any), 
multiplied by (y) such Principal's Employment Fraction; plus (ii) fifty percent (50%) of 
the difference between (x) the Base Disability Amount and (y) the Partial Vested 
Disability Amount; minus (iii) such Principal Group's Transferred Interests. 
(d) 
Upon a termination of LB for death or Disability, 100% 
of his Group's Pecuniary Interest in AOG Units shall be vested. 
Section 3.3 
GempertsafienOther Economic Benefits. Until he
Pr-ineipalsrAddifienallyr  the The Principals may from time to time use aircraft owned 
or leased by Apollo, the Apollo Operating Group or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
for their personal use. In such instance, such Principal will reimburse Apollo, the 
Apollo Operating Group or such Subsidiary for his personal use of such aircraft at 
then-prevailing charter rates. Alternatively, if a Principal uses his own aircraft for 
business of Apollo, the Apollo Operating Group or their respective Subsidiaries, 
Apollo shall reimburse such Principal for the use of his aircraft at then-prevailing 
charter rates. 
ARTICLE IV 
FORFEITURE 
Section 4.1 
Forfeiture Among Principals. 
(a) 
Upon a Principal's (the "Forfeiting  Principal") resignation, 
retirement, death, Disability or termination for Cause, the Pecuniary Interest in AOG 
Units held by such Forfeiting Principal and his Group that has not vested in accordance 
with Section 3.2 (if any) shall be forfeited (the "Forfeited Interests") as of the 
applicable Forfeiture Date within Holdings for the benefit of the Principals (the 
"Continuing  Principals") who continue to be employed by the Apollo Employer as of 
the applicable Forfeiture Date pro rata in accordance with the respective Sharing 
Percentages of such Continuing Principals' Groups as of the Forfeiture Date. 
(b) 
All credits and debits to the Distribution Account of a 
Forfeiting PfineepallsRdncipal Group shall, from the date of termination of such 
Forfeiting Principal until the applicable Forfeiture Date, be computed on a pro-forma 
basis assuming the Sharing Percentage and Heritage Points Percentage of such 
Forfeiting Principal had been adjusted on the date of termination to give effect to the 
DOESLUSLIOn0389415 
EFTA00808246
--- PAGE 26 ---
forfeiture to occur on the Forfeiture Date. Amounts that would, but for the preceding 
sentence, be debited or credited to the Distribution Account of such Forfeiting 
Principal and his Group shall, on the applicable Forfeiture Date, be debited or credited 
to the Distribution Accounts of the Continuing Principals in accordance with such 
Continuing Principals' respective Sharing Percentages, as adjusted pursuant to Section 
4.1(a). 
(c) 
Upon the termination of any Principal, the Pecuniary 
Interest of such Principal Group in Heritage Points shall be reduced by multiplying 
such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the vested portion of such 
Group's Pecuniary Interest in AOG Units calculated pursuant to Section 3.2 above and 
the denominator of which is such Group's Pecuniary Interest in AOG Units 
immediately prior to such Principal's termination. The Heritage Points subject to 
reduction shall be reallocated among the respective Groups of the Continuing 
Principals in the same manner as the Forfeited Interests are allocated pursuant to 
Section 4.1(a). 
(d) 
The Continuing Principals receiving Forfeited Interests 
shall be permitted to direct Holdings to sell (as part of an Exchange) without regard to 
the transfer restrictions set forth in Section 2.4(b), such number of Class A Shares as 
required to pay Taxes payable, if any, as a result of the receipt of such Forfeited 
Interests and Heritage Points, calculated based on the maximum combined U.S. federal, 
New York State and New York City tax rate applicable to individuals. Transfers 
pursuant to this Section 4.1(d) shall not increase a Principal Group's number of 
Transferred Interests. 
Section 4.2 
Forfeiture by Other Persons. 
(a) 
In the event of any forfeiture to (or for the benefit of) 
Holdings of AOG Units or other economic interest in Apollo, the Apollo Operating 
Group or any Subsidiary thereof by any Person other than a Principal or his Group, the 
AOG Units or other economic interest related to such "points" shall be allocated 
among the Principal Groups based upon their respective Sharing Percentages as of the 
date of such forfeiture. The Heritage Points Percentages will be appropriately adjusted 
to give effect to this re-allocation with respect to any such forfeiture of "points" in a 
Heritage Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive Committee may elect to 
assign such AOG Units or other economic interest in the Apollo Operating Group or 
any Subsidiary thereof to the Apollo Operating Group, it being understood that in such 
circumstance each limited partnership interest that comprises an AOG Unit shall be 
contributed to the respective issuer within the Apollo Operating Group and any other 
economic interest shall be similarly contributed to the member of the Apollo Operating 
Group that is the parent entity of the issuer of such economic interest. 
(b) 
The Continuing Principals receiving such forfeited 
interests shall be permitted to direct Holdings to sell (as part of an Exchange) without 
regard to the transfer restrictions set forth in Section 2.4(b), such number of Class A 
Shares as required to pay Taxes payable, if any, as a result of the receipt of such 
thk4A464-40A0349.4 
Doc*. US1:10770309v15 
EFTA00808247
--- PAGE 27 ---
forfeited interests, calculated based on the maximum combined U.S. federal, New York 
State and New York City tax rate applicable to individuals. Transfers pursuant to this 
Section 4.2 shall not increase a Principal Group's number of Transferred Interests. 
ARTICLE V 
GOVERNANCE; CERTAIN RIGHTS; COMPETING ACTIVITIES 
Section 5.1 
Executive Committee; Limitations on Holdings and the 
Holdings GP. 
(a) 
Except as expressly provided herein or as otherwise 
delegated to another Person by the Executive Committee, Holdings, Intermediate 
Holdings, the Holdings GP, Apollo (and its managing member, if any), the Apollo 
Operating Group and their respective Subsidiaries will be governed by, and the 
business and affairs of each such entity shall be managed by or under the direction of, 
a three (3) person executive committee (the "Executive Committee") with each 
Principal having the right to be a member of such Executive Committee for so long as 
each such Principal is employed by the Apollo Employer; provided, however, that upon 
his retirement, LB may, at his option, remain on such Executive Committee until the 
earlier of his death or Disability or commission of an act or omission that would 
constitute Cause assuming that LB was still employed by the Apollo Employer. For so 
long as a Principal is a member of the Executive Committee, such Principal shall not 
transfer any equity interests in the Holdings GP under any circumstances unless 
approved by the unanimous consent of the Executive Committee. In the event that any 
of the Principals ceases to be a member of the Executive Committee, any equity 
interests held by such Principal in the Holdings GP shall automatically be transferred 
to his successor on the Executive Committee without any action on the part of such 
Principal. In the event that any of Apollo (and its managing member, if any), the 
Apollo Operating Group or any of their respective Subsidiaries is not governed by the 
Executive Committee, the Principals shall, to the extent permitted to do so by law, 
ensure that any decision undertaken by a Principal, whether pursuant to the 
Shareholders Agreement, the Partnership Agreement or otherwise, conforms to the 
provisions of this Article V, and Holdings, Intermediate Holdings and the Holdings GP 
shall continue to be governed by the Executive Committee pursuant to this Agreement. 
(b) 
Each of the Principals hereby agrees and acknowledges 
that Holdings (i) has been formed strictly as a passive holding vehicle for the Principal 
Groups, (ii) has not and will not engage in any active business, and (iii) has not and 
will not engage in any activity of any kind, except in connection with and in 
furtherance of this Agreement or with the unanimous consent of the Principals. 
(c) 
Each of the Principals hereby agrees and acknowledges 
that the Holdings GP (i) has been formed strictly as a passive, non-economic general 
partner of Holdings and Intermediate Holdings, (ii) has not and will not engage in any 
active business, and (iii) has not and will not engage in any activity of any kind, except 
O 
O9aLUSt1077O89115 
EFTA00808248
--- PAGE 28 ---
in connection with and in furtherance of this Agreement or with the unanimous consent 
of the Principals. 
Section 5.2 
Authority of Executive Committee/Consent of the 
Principals. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, (i) any 
action taken by the Executive Committee shall require the affirmative vote of at least 
two (2) members of the Executive Committee, (ii) any action that requires the 
unanimous consent of the Principals: cannot be taken following the death or 
Disability of any one (1) Principal without the consent of such Principal's 
Principal Representative and (iii) any action that requires the affirmative vote of 
two (2) Principals cannot be taken following the death or disability of any two (2) 
Principals without the consent of such Principals' Principal Representatives. 
(b) 
In addition to other actions specifically provided herein, 
all decisions regarding (i) deeisierts-regarding-(x) the employment of senior 
investment professionals at or (y) the engagement of senior consultants by Apollo, the 
Apollo Operating Group or their respective Subsidiaries, including without limitation, 
hiring, terminating and compensating (whether through an equity-based arrangement or 
otherwise) such persons shall-requice-the-snanimess-eenseet-ef-the-Exeeutive 
GemniiiteeTand (ii) any delegation of the authority of the Executive Committee to any 
Persona, 
shall require the unanimous consent of the Executive Committee. 
All decisions regarding the dissolution of Holdings or any actions or transactions that 
result or could result in non-pro rata treatment or effect upon a Principal Groupjother 
than as a result of termination of such Principal for Cause), within Holdings, 
Intermediate Holdings or otherwise, shall require the unanimous consent of the 
Principals. If Apollo, the Apollo Operating Group or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries become parties to a joint venture engaged in any business similar to any of 
the businesses of Apollo, then any rights that such Apollo joint venture party may have 
to control or influence the terms of the employment of the senior investment 
professionals and consultants of such joint venture (including in connection with the 
establishment of such terms at the commencement of such joint venture) shall be 
subject to clause (i) of the preceding sentence. 
(c) 
Each Principal and his Group will take all action 
necessary to cause Holdings and/or Intermediate Holdings to elect each Principal to the 
Board so long as such Principal is eligible to actively participate on the Executive 
Committee. The designation of the other directors to the Board shall be determined by 
the Executive Committee; provided, that LB shall have a veto over the designation of 
any such other director for so long he is a member of the Executive Committee. 
Section 5.3 
Filling  Vacancies on Executive Committee. 
(a) 
All vacancies on the Executive Committee will be filled 
by a Senior Professional. Except as provided in Section 5.3(b), if a vacancy exists on 
the Executive Committee as a result of the termination of any member of the Executive 
One0-1461-40P03P.4 
[Lod: USI:10770389vis 
EFTA00808249
--- PAGE 29 ---
Committee, then the remaining members of the Executive Committee shall select the 
replacement. If the remaining members of the Executive Committee cannot agree on a 
replacement, each such member shall recommend a Senior Professional to the 
independent directors of Apollo (the "Independent Board") who shall then select (by 
majority vote) one of the two Senior Professionals presented to them by the Executive 
Committee to serve on the Executive Committee. If, for any reason, there are no 
members of the Executive Committee and the rights to appoint a member of the 
Executive Committee set forth in Section 5.3(b) have expired, the Independent Board 
shall select the successors to the Executive Committee from among the Senior 
Professionals. 
(b) 
If a vacancy exists on the Executive Committee as a 
result of the death or Disability of LB or the termination of any subsequent individual 
who was appointed to the Executive Committee pursuant to this Section 5.3@), then 
LB (or his-perseital-representativerif-apptieableupon LWs_death or Disability, his 
Principal Representative) shall, after consultation with the Executive Committee, 
nominate by written letter to Holdings GP a Senior Professional or Joshua Black to 
fill such vacancy. Stieli-tternifteeF or the avoidance of doubt, prior to the death or 
Disability of LB, LB may, after consultation with the Executive Committee, 
nominate by written letter to Holdings GP a Senior Professional or Joshua Black 
to fill such vacancy. Upon the occurrence of such vacancy, any Senior 
Professional so nominated must be approved by at least one (1) member of the 
Executive Committee, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The 
right of LB (or his-per-senal-r-epFeseniatimer as-applic-ab1eupon LB's death or 
Disability, 
Principal Representative) to exercise the rights set forth in this 
Section 5.3(b) shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) LB ceasing to be a member of the 
Executive Committee for any reason other than death or Disability, (ii) LB's 
commission of an act or omission that would constitute Cause assuming that LB was 
still employed by the Apollo Employer, or (iii) the LB Group ceases to be the largest 
beneficial owner of Shares (for these purposes, (x) each Group shall be deemed to own 
that number of Class A Shares beneficially owned by Holdings (or indirectly owned by 
Holdings through Intermediate Holdings or another intermediary) multiplied by such 
Group's Sharing Percentage and (y) the number of Shares beneficially owned by 
stockholders (other than any member of a Principal Group) shall be aggregated with 
the number of Shares beneficially owned by such stockholder's affiliates). Beneficial 
ownership shall be calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. 
(c) 
Any Senior Professional who becomes a member of the 
Executive Committee shall not be terminated from Apollo and its Subsidiaries or 
removed from the Executive Committee other than for Cause. So long as such Senior 
Professional remains on the Executive Committee, his "points" in any Person that is a 
Subsidiary of the Apollo Operating Group shall not be reduced (other than due to pro 
rata dilution in the ordinary course reflecting the issuance of "points" to or for the 
benefit of Persons other than any member of a Principal Group). Additionally, such 
Senior Professional shall be entitled to no less than the highest number of "points" 
awarded to any other Senior Professional in a future Apollo private equity fund which 
has a First Closing while such Senior Professional remains on the Executive 
I 
itInc*-146.1-40P0389.4 
Dod: USI:10770Vian4 
EFTA00808250
--- PAGE 30 ---
Committee and the vesting of such "points" will be on terms no less favorable than 
those given to any other Senior Professional, considered in the aggregate and as 
reasonably determined by the Executive Committee after giving effect to the aggregate 
"points" awarded, the value of such "points" and related factors. Additionally, such 
Senior Professional, so long as he is on the Executive Committee, shall participate in 
all other Apollo incentive plans and fringe benefits on terms determined by the 
Independent Board (by majority vote). 
Section 5.4 
Extraordinary Transactions. 
(a) 
Except as provided in Section 5.4(b), the initiation of any 
Extraordinary Transaction will be determined by the Executive Committee upon the 
affirmative vote of two (2) Principals; provided, that LB shall have a veto over any 
such Extraordinary Transaction to the extent that it involves (i) the direct or indirect 
sale of a ratable interest (or substantially ratable interest) in each Person that 
constitutes the Apollo Operating Group or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the 
assets of Apollo, in each case, so long as he is on the Executive Committee. 
(b) 
Subject to approval of the Independent Board, at any time 
after December 31, 2009, LB, in consultation with, but not subject to the approval of, 
the Executive Committee, may cause an Extraordinary Transaction to the extent that it 
involves (i) the direct or indirect sale of a ratable interest (or substantially ratable 
interest) in each Person that constitutes the Apollo Operating Group or (ii) a sale of all 
or substantially all of the assets of Apollo, in each case; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
LB must provide the other Principals with written 
notice of any such Extraordinary Transaction at least thirty (30) days prior to 
the consummation thereof; 
(ii) 
all Principal Groups shall be treated ratably with 
respect to proceeds or other consideration, hold-backs, and any related matters 
based upon Sharing Percentages; 
(iii) 
any indemnification obligations of Holdings, 
Intermediate Holdings and/or the Principal Groups shall survive for no more 
than two (2) years from the closing of such Extraordinary Transaction, other 
than indemnification for representations and warranties made on a several basis, 
as described in Section 5.4(b)(vii) below, which may survive longer; 
(iv) 
the transaction shall be on an arms-length basis 
with an unaffiliated third party or parties; 
(v) 
the terms of the transaction shall not obligate any 
member of a Principal Group to any covenants or other provisions beyond the 
terms and scope of this Agreement; 
ditc*A4S4-40P0389.1 
Dott_USt10770$9415 
EFTA00808251
--- PAGE 31 ---
(vi) 
if any Principal Group is given an option as to the 
form and amount of consideration to be received, all Principal Groups will be 
given the same option ratably in accordance with their Sharing Percentages; 
(vii) 
no Principal Group shall be obligated to pay more 
than its pro rata amount of expenses incurred (based upon Sharing Percentages) 
in connection with such consummated Extraordinary Transaction to the extent 
such expenses are incurred for the benefit of all Principal Groups and are not 
otherwise paid by Apollo or the acquiring party (expenses incurred by or on 
behalf of a Principal Group for its sole benefit not being considered expenses 
incurred for the benefit of all Principal Groups); and 
(viii) in the event that the Principal Groups are required 
to provide any representations, warranties or indemnities in connection with 
such Extraordinary Transaction (other than representations, warranties and 
indemnities made on a several basis concerning each Principal Group's valid 
ownership of its equity interests, free of all liens and encumbrances, 
enforceability of transaction documents, and each Principal Group's authority, 
power, and right to enter into and consummate agreements relating to such 
Extraordinary Transaction without violating applicable law or any other 
agreement), then each Principal Group shall not be liable for more than its pro 
rata amount (based upon Sharing Percentages) of any liability for 
misrepresentation or indemnity (except in respect of such several representations 
and warranties) and such liability shall not exceed the total purchase price 
received by such Principal Group from such purchaser (an Extraordinary 
Transaction which meets the criteria set forth in this Section 5.4(b) is referred 
to herein as an "LB Extraordinary Transaction"). 
(c) 
The other Principals shall and shall direct their respective 
Groups and Holdings to (x) approve and consent to, and raise no objections to, any LB 
Extraordinary Transaction and (y) take all necessary and desirable actions to facilitate 
the consummation of any LB Extraordinary Transaction. Each Principal shall and shall 
direct their respective Groups and Holdings to waive any dissenters' rights, appraisal 
rights or similar rights in connection with any LB Extraordinary Transaction, if any, 
and vote all of his or its interests in favor of any LB Extraordinary Transaction and 
execute definitive documents negotiated by LB in order to effect any LB Extraordinary 
Transaction. 
(d) 
In the event of any LB Extraordinary Transaction, then 
the vesting schedule of any Principal (other than LB) who has not previously been 
terminated and who elected a six (6) year vesting schedule with a one (1) year non-
compete/non-solicitation provision shall automatically convert (retroactively) to a five 
(5) year vesting schedule with a two (2) year non-compete/non-solicitation provision. 
(e) 
Any distribution of net cash proceeds from an 
Extraordinary Transaction shall not be subject to vesting. 
iNteirl4S+40;;03$94 
Dosit:_Ulta0711,189411 
EFTA00808252
--- PAGE 32 ---
(f) 
The Executive Committee shall determine the use of 
proceeds from an Extraordinary Transaction; provided, that LB shall have a veto over 
any such use so long as he is on the Executive Committee; and, provided, further, that 
the proceeds from any LB Extraordinary Transaction shall be distributed in accordance 
with Section 5.4(b). 
Section 5.5 
Empty' ment Matters. The definitions of "Cause" and
forfeiture of each Principal'a Pceuniary Interest in AOG Units. A Principal's vesting 
in his Pecuniary Interest in AOG Units shall cease upon his termination for Cause or 
Disability in accordance with this Agreement. However, there may be a delay between 
the act or omission that may constitute Cause or the condition that may result in a 
Disability, and the effective date of such termination. In such case, the Executive 
Committee may temporarily appoint a Senior Professional to perform the functional 
responsibilities and duties of such Principal until Cause or Disability definitively occurs 
or is determined not to have occurred. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the 
Executive Committee may so appoint a Senior Professional only if such Principal is 
unable to perform his responsibilities and duties to the Apollo Employer, or, as a 
matter of fiduciary duty, should be prohibited from performing his responsibilities and 
duties, and (b) such Principal shall continue to serve on the Executive Committee 
unless otherwise prohibited from doing so pursuant to this Agreement. 
Section 5.6 
Acknowledgements by the Principals. 
(a) 
Each Principal and his Group shall comply with the 
provisions of (i) Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 5.1 ("drags and tags" and "Sale of the 
Company") of the Lender Rights Agreement and (ii) Sections 3.6 and 5.2 ("tags and 
drags") of each Roll-up Agreement. 
(b) 
Each Principal and his Group shall comply with the 
provisions of (i) Clause E ("Disparaging Comments") of Exhibit A to the employment 
agreements entered into by the Principals on the date of the Prior Agreement, as 
amended through the date hereof, (ii) Clause F ("Competing Activities") of Exhibit 
A to the employment agreements entered into by the Principals on the date ofthe 
Prior Agreement, as amended through the date hereof,and (iii) Section 5.6(e) (non-
disparagement) of each Roll-up Agreement. 
Section 5.7 
Access to Books, Records and Financial Information. 
Each Principal and Family_Holding Entity shall have the right, upon reasonable 
request for purposes reasonably related to the interest of such Principal as a partner or 
former partner of Holdings, to inspect, during normal business hours, Holdings' books 
and records (including such financial and other information relating to Holdings or any 
other Person in which Holdings directly or indirectly owns an interest) relating to any 
period of time during which such Principal was a partner of Holdings. All requests for 
information or access shall be made in writing and shall specify the reasons for such 
request. Holdings shall have twenty (20) Business Days to respond to such request (or 
such longer period as may be reasonable under the circumstances given the volume or 
Deva:44S.HARW401.4 
Dad: ti$1-10770389v15 
EFTA00808253
--- PAGE 33 ---
complexity of the request). The requesting Principal or Family Holding Entity shall 
reimburse Holdings for all reasonable expenses incurred by Holdings in order to 
provide such information or access (including expenses necessary to provide such 
information or access in a manner that is prudent in order to protect the interests of 
Holdings and its affiliates). Holdings shall have no obligation to generate information 
that does not exist nor organize information in a format that does not exist. Holdings 
shall not have to respond to more than one request in any thirty (30) day period made 
by the same Principal or Family Holding Entity. The rights of a Principal or Family 
Holding Entity pursuant to this Section 5.7 shall expire when such 
Principe:Principal Group no longer owns an interest in Holdings. The Principals 
acknowledge and agree that they have bargained for and agreed to the provisions of 
this Section 5.7 and any other provisions of this Agreement which restrict access to 
information, that such provisions constitute a fundamental element of their agreement 
relating to the affairs of Holdings, that such provisions limit rights of inspection 
otherwise available to them and that such provisions are intended to be enforceable 
notwithstanding any rights of inspection otherwise available at law or in equity. 
Section 5.8 
Confidential Information. 
(a) 
A Principal will not disclose or use at any time, either 
prior to his termination or thereafter, any Confidential Information of which such 
Principal is or becomes aware, whether or not such information is authored or 
developed by him, except to the extent that (i) such disclosure or use is directly related 
to and required by such Principal's performance of duties to Apollo or any of its 
Subsidiaries or any Portfolio Company, (ii) subject to Sections 6.8 and 6.9, to the 
extent that such disclosure is required in connection with any action by such Principal 
to enforce rights under this Agreement or any other agreement with Holdings, Apollo 
or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) such disclosure is expressly permitted by the terms of 
this Agreement or by the Executive Committee, or (iv) such disclosure is legally 
required to be made; provided, that such Principal shall provide ten (10) days prior 
written notice, if practicable, to Holdings of such disclosure so that Holdings may seek 
a protective order or similar remedy; and, provided further, that, in each case set forth 
above, such Principal informs the recipients that such information or communication is 
confidential in nature. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, upon the expiration 
of the term of any non-competition agreement that a Principal is party to with Apollo, 
the Apollo Operating Group or any of their respective Subsidiaries, a Principal shall be 
permitted to use, and will be given full access to, performance information of the 
Apollo Funds related to such Principal's respective tenure as an employee or active 
manager of Apollo, the Apollo Operating Group or any of their respective Subsidiaries; 
provided, that Holdings, Intermediate Holdings, Apollo, the Apollo Operating Group 
and their respective Subsidiaries shall not be responsible for any misrepresentations on 
such Principal's part to any third parties regarding the foregoing. 
(b) 
Any trade secrets of Holdings, Apollo or any of its 
Subsidiaries or any Portfolio Company will be entitled to all of the protections and 
benefits under any applicable law. If any information that Holdings deems to be a 
trade secret is found by a court of competent jurisdiction not to be a trade secret for 
iNte4r1461-40;;0389.4 
Dot,: USI;107701890.5 
EFTA00808254
--- PAGE 34 ---
purposes of this Agreement, such information will, nevertheless, be considered 
Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement. Each Principal hereby 
waives any requirement that Holdings submit proof of the economic value of any trade 
secret or post a bond or other security. 
ARTICLE VI 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Section 6.1 
Notices. All notices, requests, consents and other 
communications hereunder to any party shall be deemed to be sufficient if contained in 
a written instrument delivered in person or by nationally recognized overnight courier, 
addressed to such party at the address set forth on Schedule V. 
Section 6.2 
Interpretation. The headings contained in this Agreement 
are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or 
interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "included", "includes" or 
"including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the 
words "without limitation". 
Section 6.3 
Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be 
deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. If any provision of 
this Agreement, or the application thereof to any Person or any circumstance, is found 
to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, (a) a suitable and equitable provision 
shall be substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and 
enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable provision and (b) 
the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to other Persons 
or circumstances shall not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall 
such invalidity or unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of such 
provision, or the application thereof, in any other jurisdiction. 
Section 6.4 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or 
more counterparts, including via facsimile, each of which shall be deemed an original 
and all of which shall, taken together, be considered one and the same agreement, it 
being understood that bethall parties need not sign the same counterpart. 
Section 6.5 
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This 
Agreement (a) constitutes the entire agreement and (except with respect to Excluded 
Assets and any agreements entered into contemporaneously herewith or 
simultaneously with the Prior Agreement and if amended, as amended) supersedes 
all other prior agreements, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, the Tenn Sheet, and (b) is not 
intended to confer upon any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors 
and permitted assigns, any rights or remedies hereunder. 
I 
Doc-g-UM-14i.n(43$9.4 
DocilLUSI;10770389v1$ 
EFTA00808255
--- PAGE 35 ---
Section 6.6 
FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party shall execute, 
deliver, acknowledge and file such other documents and take such further actions as 
may be reasonably requested from time to time by the other party hereto to give effect 
to and carry out the transactions contemplated herein. 
Section 6.7 
Governing  Law;  Equitable Remedies. THIS 
AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARENEW 
YORK (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES 
THEREOF). The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event 
that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with its 
specific terms or was otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that in the event 
that (a) arbitration pursuant to Section 6.9 is not available or (b) circumstances exist 
such that immediate action must be taken to preserve the intent of this Agreement 
pending an arbitration in accordance with Section 6.9, the parties hereto shall be 
entitled to an injunction or injunctions and other equitable remedies to prevent 
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof 
in the Selected Courts (as defined below), this being in addition to any other remedy to 
which they are entitled at law or in equity. In such event, any requirements for the 
securing or posting of any bond with respect to such remedy are hereby waived by 
each of the parties hereto. Each party further agrees that, in the event of any action for 
an injunction or other equitable remedy in respect of such breach or enforcement of 
specific performance pursuant to this Section 6.7, it will not assert the defense that a 
remedy at law would be adequate. 
Section 6.8 
Consent to Jurisdiction. It is the desire and intent of the 
parties hereto that any disputes or controversies arising under or in connection with this 
Agreement be resolved pursuant to arbitration in accordance with Section 6.9; 
provided, however, that, to the extent that Section 6.9 is held to be invalid or 
unenforceable for any reason, and the result is that the parties hereto are precluded 
from resolving any claim arising under or in connection with this Agreement pursuant 
to the terms of Section 6.9 (after giving effect to the terms of Section 6.3), the 
following provisions of this Section 6.8 shall govern the resolution of all disputes or 
controversies arising under this Agreement. With respect to any suit, action or 
proceeding ("Proceeding") arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any 
transaction contemplated hereby each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably (a) 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of (A) the United States District Court for the 
Southern District of New York or (B) in the event that such court lacks jurisdiction to 
hear the claim, the state courts of New York located in the borough of Manhattan, 
New York City (the "Selected Courts") and waives any objection to venue being laid 
in the Selected Courts whether based on the grounds of forum non conveniens or 
otherwise and hereby agrees not to commence any such Proceeding other than before 
one of the Selected Courts; provided, however, that a party may commence any 
Proceeding in a court other than a Selected Court solely for the purpose of enforcing 
an order or judgment issued by one of the Selected Courts; (b) consents to service of 
process in any Proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified 
mail, postage prepaid, or by recognized international express carrier or delivery service, 
OnelLAM-40P0389.4 
Dud: USI:10770VOrti 
EFTA00808256
--- PAGE 36 ---
to Holdings and the Principals at their respective addresses referred to in Section 6.1 
hereof; provided, however, that nothing herein shall affect the right of any party hereto 
to serve process in any other manner permitted by law; and (c) TO THE EXTENT 
NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, 
WAIVES, AND COVENANTS THAT IT WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS 
PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY 
JURY IN ANY ACTION ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART UNDER OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE 
CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR 
HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT 
OR OTHERWISE, AND AGREES THAT ANY OF THEM MAY FILE A COPY 
OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF 
THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT 
AMONG THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL 
BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THEM 
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE CONTEMPLATED 
TRANSACTIONS WILL INSTEAD BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT 
JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY. 
Section 6.9 
Arbitration. 
(a) 
Except as provided in Section 6.7, the parties hereto agree 
that any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, 
whether based on contract, tort, statute or other legal or equitable theory (including 
without limitation, any claim of fraud, intentional misconduct, misrepresentation or 
fraudulent inducement or any question of validity or effect of this Agreement including 
this clause) or the breach or termination hereof (the "Dispute"), shall be resolved in 
binding arbitration in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
Such dispute shall be resolved by binding 
arbitration to be conducted before JAMS in accordance with the provisions of 
JAMS' Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures as in effect at the time 
of the arbitration. 
(ii) 
The arbitration shall be held before a panel of 
three arbitrators appointed by JAMS, in accordance with its rules, who are not 
affiliates of any party to such arbitration and do not have any potential for bias 
or conflict of interest with respect any of the parties hereto, directly or 
indirectly, by virtue of any direct or indirect financial interest, family 
relationship or close friendship. 
(iii) 
Such arbitration shall be held at such place as the 
arbitrators appointed by JAMS may determine within New York, New York, or 
such other location to which the parties hereto may agree. 
(iv) 
The arbitrators shall have the authority, taking into 
account the parties' desire that any arbitration proceeding hereunder be 
ithx.-1464-141#13.89.4 
Mkt US1•10770389v1$ 
EFTA00808257
--- PAGE 37 ---
reasonably expedited and efficient, to permit the parties hereto to conduct 
discovery. Any such discovery shall be (i) guided generally by but be no 
broader than permitted under the United States Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 
(the "FRCP"), and (ii) subject to the arbitrators and the parties hereto entering 
into a mutually acceptable confidentiality agreement. 
(v) 
The arbitrators shall have the authority to issue 
subpoenas for the attendance of witnesses and for the production of records and 
other evidence at any hearing and may administer oaths. Any such subpoena 
must be served in the manner for service of subpoenas under the FRCP and 
enforced in the manner for enforcement of subpoenas under the FRCP. 
(vi) 
The arbitrators' decision and award in any such 
arbitration shall be made by majority vote and delivered within thirty (30) 
calendar days of the conclusion of the evidentiary hearings. In addition, the 
arbitrators shall have the authority to award injunctive relief to any of the 
parties. 
(vii) 
The arbitrators' decision shall be in writing and 
shall be as brief as possible and will include the basis for the arbitrators' 
decision. A record of the arbitration proceeding shall be kept. 
(viii) Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators 
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 
(ix) 
The parties shall share equally all expenses of 
JAMS (including those of the arbitrators) incurred in connection with any 
arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the arbitrators determine that any 
party's claim or position was frivolous, such party shall reimburse the other 
parties to such arbitration for all reasonable expenses incurred (including 
reasonable legal fees and expenses) in connection with such arbitration. 
(x) 
The parties hereto agree to participate in any 
arbitration in good faith. 
(b) 
If JAMS is unable or unwilling to commence arbitration 
with regard to any such Dispute within thirty (30) calendar days after the parties have 
met the requirements for commencement as set forth in Rule 5 of the JAMS 
Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, then the Disputes shall be resolved 
by binding arbitration, in accordance with the International Arbitration Rules of the 
American Arbitration Association (the "AAA"), before a panel of three arbitrators who 
shall be selected jointly by the parties involved in such Dispute, or if the parties cannot 
agree on the selection of the arbitrators, shall be selected by the AAA (provided that 
any arbitrators selected by the AAA shall meet the requirements of subparagraph (a)(ii) 
above). Any such arbitration shall be subject to the provisions of subparagraphs (a)(iii) 
through (a)(x) above (as if the AAA were JAMS). If the AAA is unable or unwilling 
to commence such arbitration within thirty (30) calendar days after the parties have met 
I 
INK4-1461-40P0389.4 
Dud: USLIOMIRpas 
EFTA00808258
--- PAGE 38 ---
the requirements for such commencement set forth in the aforementioned rules, then 
either party may seek resolution of such Dispute through litigation in accordance with 
Sections 6.7 and 6.8.
(c) 
Except as may be necessary to enter judgment upon the 
award or to the extent required by applicable law, all claims, defenses and proceedings 
(including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the existence of the 
controversy and the fact that there is an arbitration proceeding) shall be treated in a 
confidential manner by the arbitrators, the parties and their counsel, and each of their 
agents, and employees and all others acting on behalf of or in concert with them. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no one shall divulge to any Person not 
directly involved in the arbitration the contents of the pleadings, papers, orders, 
hearings, trials, or awards in the arbitration, except as may be necessary to enter 
judgment upon an award or as required by applicable law. Any court proceedings 
relating to the arbitration hereunder, including, without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, to prevent or compel arbitration or to confirm, correct, vacate or otherwise 
enforce an arbitration award, shall be filed under seal with the court, to the extent 
permitted by law. 
Section 6.10 Amendments: Waivers: No Discriminatory Action. 
(a) 
The Agreement may be amended and the terms and 
conditions of the Agreement may be changed or modified at any time upon the 
approval, in writing, of each of the Principals (or their-legal-representativer if 
applieableupon the death or Disability of a Principal. such Principal's Principal 
Representative). 
(b) 
No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, 
power or privilege hereunder shall operate as waiver thereof nor shall any single or 
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be 
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 
(c) 
Except in connection with a termination for Cause, no 
Principal shall take any action against another Principal Group that is discriminatory 
against such Principal Group without the consent of such affected Principal (or upon 
the death or Disability of such Principal, such Principal's Principal 
Representative). Additionally, each Principal shall use his best efforts to cause each 
of Holdings, Intermediate Holdings, the Holdings GP, Apollo (and its managing 
member, if any), the Apollo Operating Group and their respective Subsidiaries to 
refrain from taking any action that is discriminatory against any Principal Group 
without the consent of such affected Principal (or upon the death or Disability of 
such Principal, such_Principal's Principal Representative). 
(d) 
Each Principal, whether on his own behalf or on behalf of 
his Group, will not take any action as a Principal, stockholder, director, partner, 
member, officer or otherwise except in a manner that is consistent with the terms of 
I 
One4-1461-40P0389.4 
Dad: USI:10770709,I 
EFTA00808259
--- PAGE 39 ---
this Agreement, and no Principal shall enter into any agreement or arrangement of any 
kind with any Person on terms inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement 
(whether or not such agreement or arrangement is with other Principals, Permitted 
Transferees or with Persons that are not party to this Agreement). Each Permitted 
Transferee will not take any action as a stockholder, director, partner, member, officer 
or otherwise except in a manner that is consistent with the terms of this Agreement, 
and no Permitted Transferee shall enter into any agreement or arrangement of any kind 
with any Person on terms inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement (whether 
or not such agreement or arrangement is with a Principal, any other Permitted 
Transferee or with Persons that are not party to this Agreement). 
Section 6.11 Assignment. Except as expressly provided herein, neither 
this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any 
of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties. Subject to 
the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of 
and be enforceable by the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
Seelien-6,14 Sehedale—W,Sehedule-V-1-}s-hefeby-ineeFpamted-by
..
. 
refeFecketh 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
doc4,-US+40F/03$9,4 
DOttatSt 1077438941$ 
EFTA00808260
--- PAGE 40 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed and delivered, all as of the date first set forth above. 
/tht-Leoci-
Bleek 
Leon D. Black 
isi-Mare-J,Revoaa 
Marc J. Rowan 
isi-Jeahaa-J,HaFfie 
Joshua J. Harris 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, 
By: Black Family GP, LLC, 
its General Partner 
By: Ai-Leen-Dr Sleek 
Name: Leon D. Black 
Title: 
Manager 
MJR FOUNDATION LLC 
By: isi-MGFC—J, 
an 
Name: Marc J. Rowan 
Title: 
Class A ManagIlw Membtx 
MJH PARTNERSM 
By: MJH Family, LLC, 
its General Partner 
I 
oar.-0S.H0A0389.4 
[Agreement Among Principals] 
EFTA00808261
--- PAGE 41 ---
By: 
Name: Joshua J. Harris 
Title: 
ManagerSole Member 
BRH HOLDINGS, M. 
By: BRH Holdings GP, LTD. 
its General Partner 
By: //John-J-,Saydam 
Name: John J. Suydam 
Title: 
Vice President 
I 
Doe+ARS.H0A0389.4 
[Agreement Among Principals] 
EFTA00808262
--- PAGE 42 ---
AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS, ■. 
By: BRH Holdings GP, LTD. 
its General Partner 
By: kbi—
J.
Name: John J. Suydam 
Title: 
Vice President 
I 
war.-USHOPON49.4 
[Agreement Among Principals] 
EFTA00808263
--- PAGE 43 ---
SCHEDULE I 
Heritage Funds' 
HERITAGE_POINTS_IN HERITAGE FUNDS 
Carry in Private 
Equity Funds 
LB Group 
MR Group 
JH Group 
Fund IV GP 
388.0565 
75.7170 
19.6814 
Fund_V GP 
320.4743 
102.1136 
98.4445 
HERITAGE POINTS PERCENTAGES IN HERITAGE FUNDS 
Carry in Private 
Equity Funds 
LB Group 
MR Group 
JH Group 
Fund IV GP 
80.27% 
15.66% 
4.07% 
Fund V GP 
61.51% 
19.60% 
18.89% 
Calculated as of September 30, 2016 
Doa: U51:10937215,1 
Doc0: US1:107703119,15 
EFTA00808264
--- PAGE 44 ---
SCHEDULE II 
Excluded Assets 
PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS 
Apollo Advisors, LP 
Apollo Advisors II, LP 
APOLLO REAL ESTATE ENTITIES 
Apollo Real Estate Capital Partners, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Advisors II, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Advisors HI, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Advisors IV LP 
Apollo Real Estate Advisors V, LP 
Apollo International Real Estate Advisors, LP 
Apollo Poland Real Estate Advisors, LLC 
Apollo_EU Real Estate Advisors H, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Mezzanine Advisors, LP 
Apollo Excelsior Capital Partners, LP 
Apollo EpuAchileal Estate Advisors, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Advisors, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Management IL LP 
Apollo Real Estate Management III, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Management IV, LP 
UoetltU81:I07703$
EFTA00808265
--- PAGE 45 ---
Apollo Real Estate Management V, LP 
Apollo International Real Estate Management, LP 
Apollo EU Real Estate Management II,12
Apollo Real Estate Co-Investors (EU), LLC 
AREA Co-Investors (EU), LLC 
Apollo Corp. EU II Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo Real Estate Mezzanine Management, LP 
AP Excelsior Management, LP 
AP Epoch Management, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, LP 
AREIF II Co-Investors, LLC
AREILIII_Co-Investors, LLC 
AREIF IV _Co-Investors, LLC 
AREIFY Co-Investors, LLC 
AREA_Cn-Investors (V), LLC 
Apollo Corp. AREIF V Co-Investors, LLC 
AIREF Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo Poland Real Estate_Codnvestment, LP 
AIREF II Co-Investors, LLC 
AP Epoch Co-Investors, LLC
Excelsior Co-Investors, LLC 
AREMF Co-Investors, LLC 
I 
USI:10770389v 15 
EFTA00808266
--- PAGE 46 ---
SCHEDULE II 
Excluded Assets 
(Continued) 
ARES_CORMRATEflISILTY_UUND 
AP-AR Holdco,tP 
APOLLO CO4NVESTMENTWHICLES 
AIC Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo SVF Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo DIF Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo SOMA Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo Co-Investors III, LLC, 
Apollo Co-Investors LV, LLC, 
Apollo Co-Investors V, LLC, and 
Apollo Co-Investors 
 LLC. 
Apollo Co-Investors VI (EH-A), M. 
Apollo Co-Investors_VI44) 
A pollo_Cii-Investors VL(R), LLC 
A pollo__Co-Investors_VL(C), LLC 
Apollo Asia_Co-Investors, LLC
Apollo Asia Co-Investors Offshore, LP 
Apollo EPF Co-Investors, M. 
I 
nod,: 1'11: I0770389415 
EFTA00808267
--- PAGE 47 ---
MISCELLANEOUS 
AR Technology Partners, LLC 
AR Energy Partners, LLC 
At Propco, LLC 
AR Capital Propco, LLC 
RS Movie Holdings, LLC 
Lion Advisors, LP 
AIF IV Management, Inc.2
Hamlet ControlNote Company3
AIF IV Management Inc., the administrative general partner of Apollo Management IV, 
■., exists solely to hold the split dollar life insurance policy for LB and LB is the sole 
shareholder of the entity. AIF IV Management Inc.'s interest in Apollo Management IV, ■. is 
to be converted to a limited partnership interest and future premium payments on the life 
insurance policy will be paid by Black Family Partners, ■. 
Company to be formed to hold the voting and control interest in connection with the 
proposed investment in Harrah's Entertainment, Inc. 
I 
Doelt: US1:1077_111100$ 
EFTA00808268
--- PAGE 48 ---
I 
I 
I 
SCHEDULE II 
Excluded Assets 
(Continued) 
CAPITAL COMMITMENTS TO GENERAL PARTNERS OF FUNDS 
(WHETHER THROUGH CO4NVESTMENT VEHICLES OR OTHERVVISE)I
General 
Partner 
Approximate Capital Commitments 
LB Group 
MR Group 
JH Group 
Other Professionals 
and related parties 
Fund IV GP 
$7,377,95 
$4,967,645 
$ 
$ 
22,354,402 
Fund V GP 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
257,141 
992,859 
Fund VI GP 
$1,250,00 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Apollo Value 
$ 
$ 173,105 
$ 173,105 
$ 
307,578 
Advisors, 
346,212 
Apollo SOMA 
$ 
$ 197,500 
$ 197,5(10 
$ 
95,000 
Advisors, 
310,000 
Excluded Asset is limited to distributions (and related allocations of income and loss) 
made to such General Partner solely with respect to its capital commitments in its related Fund, 
and not with respect to carried interest. Also excluded are amounts committed to such General 
Partner by other Apollo professionals. All such commitments may be made by the Principals and 
the other Apollo professionals directly or indirectly through other entities. 
I 
Do010.111;10710.38103 
EFTA00808269
--- PAGE 49 ---
SCHEDULE III 
AOG Units 
PECUNIARY INTEREST IN AOG UNITS' 
LB Group 
MR Group 
JH Group 
AOG Units 
92,727,166.00 
45,731,402.00 
53,932,643.00 
SHARING_P_EJICENTAGES 
LB_Group 
MR Group 
JH Group 
Sharing 
Percentage 
48.20 
23.77 
28.03 
As of September 30, 2016 
1)octl: US1:107703S9v 15 
EFTA00808270
--- PAGE 50 ---
SCHEDUI.R IV 
Permitted Transferees 
LB Group 
1. Black Family Partners, ■. 
MR Group 
1. MJR Foundation LLC 
JH Group 
1. MJH Partners, ■. 
I 
USI:10770389v IS 
EFTA00808271
--- PAGE 51 ---
SCHEDULE V 
Notices 
If, to LB or any member of his Group: 
Leon Black 
760 Park Avenue 
New_York, NY 10021 
with a copy to: 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 1401 
New York, NY 10022 
Attention: Ada Clapp, Esq. 
Brad Wechsler, Esq. 
lf,_to_MR or any member of his Group: 
Marc Rowan 
927 Fifth Avenue 
Apartment #6 
New York, NY 10021 
with a copy to: 
[Cooley Godward Kronish LLP 
The Grace Building 
1114Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10036-7798 
Attention: Chet Lipton, Esq.j 
If, to JH or any member of his Group: 
Josh Harris 
895 Park Avenue 
Apt 4/5 B 
New York, NY_10021 
with a copy to: 
[Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo 
Chrysler Center 
666 Third Avenue 
I 
Mien: 1'Si:10770189O$ 
EFTA00808272
--- PAGE 52 ---
New York, NY 10017 
Attention: Robert_Bodian, Esq.] 
If, to Holdings: 
Any notice to Holdings shall be deemed given when 
notice is provided to LB, MR and JH. 
with a copy to: 
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
128iAvenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10019 
Attention: John Scott, Esq. 
If, to Intermediate Holdings: 
Any notice to Intermediate Holdings shall be 
deemed given when notice is provided to LB, MR and 
JH. 
with a copy to: 
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10019 
Attention: John Scott, Esq. 
I 
Duet,: U$1:107703119v IS 
EFTA00808273
--- PAGE 53 ---
EXHIBIT A 
FORM OF JOINDER TO 
AMENDEDAND_RESTATED 
AGREEMENT AMONG PRINCIPALS
THIS J_DINDER (this "Joinder") to that certain Amended and 
Restated Agreement Among Principals (theAgreement")_dated as_oLNovember 
2016, by and among Leon D. Black ("LB"), Marc J. Rowan ("MR"), Joshua 
J. Harris ("JH", and together with LB and MR, the "Principals", and each 
individually, a "Principal"), Black Family Partners, M., a Delaware limited 
partnershithMJR Foundation LLC, a New York limited liability company MJH 
Partners, M., a Delaware limited partnership, AP Professional Holdings, 
a 
Cayman Islands xempted limited partnership ("Intermediate Holdings"), and 
BRH Holdings, M., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership 
("Holdings"), is made and entered into as of [ 
, 
2016, by and 
between Holdings and [NAME OF PERMITTED TRANSFEREE] (the 
"Transferee"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have 
the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
WHEREAS, the Transferee has acquired an ownership interest in 
Holdings, and the Agreement requires the Transferee to become a party to the 
Agreement, and Transferee agrees to do so in accordance with the terms hereof. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants 
contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Joinder hereby 
agree as follows: 
1. 
Agreement to be Bound. 
The Transferee hereby agrees that upon 
execution of this Joinder, [he, she or it] shall become a party to the Agreement 
and shall be fully bound by, and subject to, all of the covenants, terms and 
conditions of the Agreement as though an original party thereto and as a member 
of the [__] Group. 
2. 
Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Joinder 
shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Holdings and each 
Principal and their respective successors and assigns so long as the Transferee 
holds any ownership interest in Holdings. 
3. 
Counterparts. This Joinder may be executed in separate counterparts, 
including by facsimile, each of which shall be an original and all of which taken 
together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
I 
Ikeli:_ltS1:107:70389v 15 
EFTA00808274
--- PAGE 54 ---
4. 
Notices. 
For purposes of Section 6.1 of the Agreement, all notices, 
demands or other communications to the Transferee shall be directed to: 
[Name] 
[Address] 
[Attention] 
5. 
Governing Law. THIS JOINDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE  STATE OF 
NEW YORK (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS 
PRINCIPLES__THEREOFI.
6. 
Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings of this Joinder are inserted 
for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Joinder. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this 
Joinder as of the date first above written. 
BRH HOLDINGS, 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
[TRANSFEREE] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
I 
USI:10770389v IS 
EFTA00808275
--- PAGE 55 ---
Summary Report: 
Litkra® Change-Pro 7.0.0.360 Document Comparison done on 1/11/2017 
6:47:15 PM 
Style Name: PW Basic 
Original DMS:iw://US/US1/10770389/1 
Modified DMS: iw://US/US1/10770389/15 
Changes: 
Add 
371 
Delete 
125 
Moite-ROFFI 
Move To 
Table Insert 
Table Delete 
Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
Embedded Excel 
Format Changes 
Total Changes: 
515 
EFTA00808276

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808277.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND HILV LP 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
I 
147765658 v.1-1 
EFTA00808277
--- PAGE 2 ---
Table of Contents 
Page 
ARTICLE 1 
NAME, PURPOSE AND OFFICES OF PARTNERSHIP 
1.1 
Name 
1.2 
Purpose 
1.3 
Principal Office 
1.4 
Registered Agent and Office 
ARTICLE 2 
TERM OF PARTNERSHIP 
2.1 
Term 
2.2 
Events Affecting a Member of the General Partner 
2.3 
Events Affecting a Limited Partner of the Partnership 
2.4 
Events Affecting the General Partner 
ARTICLE 3 
NAME AND ADMISSION OF PARTNERS 
3.1 
Name and Address 
3.2 
Admission of Additional Partners 
3.3 
Removal of the General Partner 
ARTICLE 4 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS, CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND 
NONCONTRIBUTING PARTNERS 
4.1 
Capital Accounts 
4.2 
Capital Contributions of the Limited Partners 
4.3 
Capital Contributions of the General Partner 
4.4 
Acquisition of an Additional Interest by the General Partner 
4.5 
Noncontributing Partners 
4.6 
Suspension Period 
ARTICLE 5 
PARTNERSHIP ALLOCATIONS 
5.1 
Allocation of Profit or Loss 
5.2 
Allocation of Ordinary Income and Ordinary Loss 
S4 
Realleeatiert-ef-cenfingent-Lesses 
5.43 
Special Allocations 
-1413 
5.4 
Regulatory Allocations 
B 
5.5 
ReguleteFyIncome Tax Allocations 
Ineeme-Tax-Afiesatiens 
ARTICLE 6 
MANAGEMENT FEE; PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES 
r. 
147765658 v.14 
EFTA00808278
--- PAGE 3 ---
Table of Contents a) 
Page 
6.1 
Management Fee 
6.2 
Expenses 
ARTICLE 7 
WITHDRAWALS BY AND DISTRIBUTIONS TO THE PARTNERS 
7.1 
Interest 
7.2 
Withdrawals by the Partners 
7.3 
Partners' Obligation to Repay or Restore 
7.4 
Mandatory Distributions 
7.5 
Discretionary Distributions and Rules Regarding Distributions 
7.6 
Withholding Obligations 
24-20 
ARTICLE 8 
MANAGEMENT DUTIES AND RESTRICTIONS 
2221 
8.1 
Management 
2221 
8.2 
No Control by the Limited Partners; No Withdrawal 
8.3 
Existing Funds; Follow-On Funds; Opportunity Fund;. Parallel Funds 
8.4 
Investment Opportunities and Conflicts of Interest 
ARTICLE 9 
INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION AND TRANSFER OF 
PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
2;28 
9.1 
Investment Representation of the Limited Partners 
2-728 
9.2 
Qualifications of the Limited Partners 
9.3 
Transfer by General Partner 
9.4 
Transfer by Limited Partner 
9.5 
Requirements for Transfer 
2829 
9.6 
Substitution as a Limited Partner 
9.7 
Expenses of Transfer 
2930 
ARTICLE 10 
DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
10.1 
Extension of Partnership Term 
10.2 
Early Termination of the Partnership 
10.3 
Winding Up Procedures 
4031 
10.4 
Payments in Liquidation 
10.5 
Return of Excess Distributions 
ARTICLE 11 
FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING, REPORTS AND MEETINGS 
11.1 
Financial Accounting; Fiscal Year 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808279
--- PAGE 4 ---
Table of Contents a) 
Page 
11.2 
Supervision; Inspection of Books 
11.3 
Quarterly Reports 
11.4 
Annual Report; Financial Statements of the Partnership 
11.5 
Website Based Reporting 
4434 
1.6 
Annual Meeting 
11.7 
Tax Returns 
11.8 
Tax Matters Partner 
4435 
11.9 
Partnership Funds 
3336 
ARTICLE 12 
VALUATION; ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
4536 
12.1 
Valuation 
4436 
12.2 
Advisory Committee 
3637 
ARTICLE 13 
PARTNERS SUBJECT TO SPECIAL REGULATION 
3637 
13.1 
ERISA Partners 
3637 
13.2 
Governmental Plan Partners 
4438 
13.3 
Private Foundation Partners 
3839 
ARTICLE 14 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
3839 
14.1 
Accounting Period 
3439 
14.2 
Adjusted Asset Value 
3839 
14.3 
Adjusted Capital Account Balance 
14.4 
Affiliate 
4940 
14.5 
Capital Account 
4940 
14.6 
Capital Commitment; Committed Capital 
4940 
14.7 
Code 
3940 
14.8 
Deemed Gain or Deemed Loss 
3940 
14.9 
Reserved 
14.10 Marketable; Marketable Securities; Marketability 
14.11 Nonmarketable Securities 
4041 
14.12 Ordinary Income or Ordinary Loss 
4041 
14.13 Partnership Percentage 
4041 
14.14 Percentage in Interest; Majority in Interest 
4041 
14.15 Prime Rate 
4041 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808280
--- PAGE 5 ---
Table of Contents a) 
Page 
14.16 Profit or Loss 
4041 
14.17 Regulated Partner 
44-42 
14.18 Securities 
4442 
14.19 Securities Act 
4442 
14.20 Short-Term Securities 
44-42 
14.21 Thiel Persons 
4442 
14.22 Treasury Regulations 
4442 
ARTICLE 15 
OTHER PROVISIONS 
15.1 
Governing Law 
15.2 
Limitation of Liability of the Limited Partners 
15.3 
Exculpation 
4243 
15.4 
Indemnification 
/B14 
15.5 
Arbitration 
4445 
15.6 
Execution of Documents 
4546 
15.7 
Other Instruments and Acts 
4546 
15.8 
Binding Agreement 
4546 
15.9 
Notices; Electronic Transmission of Reports 
4446 
15.10 Power of Attorney 
4546 
15.11 Amendment 
4647 
15.12 Entire Agreement 
15.13 Titles; Subtitles 
4748 
15.14 Partnership Name 
4-748 
15.15 Confidentiality 
4448 
EXHIBIT A: 
Schedule of Partners 
A-1 
iv. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808281
--- PAGE 6 ---
INDEX OF DEFINITIONS 
Term 
Paragraph 
Accounting Period 
14.1 
Act 
Preamble 
Adjusted Asset Value 
14.2 
Adjusted Capital Account Balance 
14.3 
Administrator 
15.5(a) 
Advisory Committee 
12.2 
Affected Parties 
15.15(a) 
Affiliate 
14.4 
Affiliates Fund 
8.3(c) 
Affiliated Party 
8.4(b) 
After-Tax Distribution Amount 
10.5(a) 
Agreement 
Preamble 
Annual Tax Amount 
7.4(a) 
Applicable Tax Rate 
10.5(a) 
Arbitration 
15.5(a) 
Arbitrator 
15.5(a) 
Capital Account 
14.5 
Capital Commitment 
14.6 
Carried Interest Distributions 
10.5(a) 
Cashless Contribution 
4.3 
Claim 
15.5(a) 
Code 
14.7 
Combined Capital Commitments 
8.4(a) 
Commencement Date 
2.1 
Commitment Period 
4.2(a) 
Committed Capital 
14.6 
Confidential Information 
15.15(a) 
Geatiagent-Less 
Deemed Gain 
14.8 
Deemed Loss 
14.8 
Default Notice 
4.5(b) 
Defaulting Limited Partner 
4.5(b) 
DOL Regulations 
4.2(b) 
ERISA 
4.2(b) 
ERISA Partner 
13.1(a) 
Fee Adjustment Amount 
6.1(c)(ii) 
First Allocation Hurdle 
5.1(b) 
Funded Percentage 
10.5(b) 
General Partner 
Preamble 
Governmental Plan Partner 
13.2 
Indemnified Parties 
15.4 
Initial Closing Date 
Preamble 
Late Admission Charge 
3.2(c) 
Limited Partners 
Preamble 
Loss 
14.16 
Majority in Interest 
14.14 
Management Company 
8.1 
Management Fee 
6.1(a) 
v. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808282
--- PAGE 7 ---
Term 
Paragraph 
Management Fee Percentage 
6.1(b) 
Managing Member 
4.6(b) 
Marketable 
14.10 
Marketable Securities 
14.10 
Marketability 
14.10 
Nonmarketable Securities 
14.11 
Opportunity Fund 
8.3(b) 
Optionees 
4.5(b)(vii) 
Optionor 
4.5(b)(vii) 
Ordinary Income 
14.12 
Ordinary Loss 
14.12 
Paragraph 10.5 Reapplication Amount 
4.2(d)(iii) 
Parallel Funds 
8.3(c) 
Partners 
3.1 
Partnership 
Preamble 
Partnership Percentage 
14.13 
Partnership Representative 
11.8(b) 
Percentage in Interest 
14.14 
Placement Agent Fees 
6.1(e) 
Pooled Vehicle Partner 
15.15(e) 
Prime Rate 
14.15 
Prior Funds 
8.3(a)(ii) 
Private Foundation Partner 
13.2 
Profit 
14.16 
Regulated Partner 
14.17 
Regulatory Allocations 
5.34(a) 
Remaining Portion 
4.5(b)(viiX2) 
Reporting Site 
11.5 
Second Allocation Hurdle 
5.1(b) 
Securities 
14.18 
Securities Act 
14.19 
Short-Term Securities 
14.20 
Side Letter 
15.12 
Special Purpose Investment Fund 
8.4(a) 
Subject Reports 
11.5 
Successor Fund 
8.3(a)(iii) 
Successor Fund Eligible Date 
8.3(b) 
Suspension Event 
4.6(b) 
Suspension Period 
4.6(b) 
Target•-Balance 
Srl 
Tax Payments 
7.6(a) 
Termination Date 
2.1 
Thiel Activities 
15.3(d) 
Thiel Persons 
14.21 
Treasury Regulations 
14.22 
Trigger Event 
3.3(c) 
UBTI 
8.4(g) 
Uncalled Amount 
6.1(c)(ii) 
Uncalled Cashless Contribution 
6.1(c)(ii) 
VCOC 
4.2(b) 
vi. 
I 
147765658 •44 
EFTA00808283
--- PAGE 8 ---
Term 
Paragraph
VCOC Notice 
4.2(b) 
vii. 
I 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808284
--- PAGE 9 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND HMV LP 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
This AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made 
and entered into as of June 24December 
, 20167 (the "Initial Closing Date"), by and among VALAR 
VENTURES GP 4141V LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "General Partner"), and each 
investor who is identified as a limited partner on EXHIBIT A hereto (the "Limited Partners"), who hereby 
amend and restate the initial limited partnership agreement dated January-20December 
 , 20167 
(ille
ttitiai-Closing-Daten)-of VALAR GLOBAL FUND 141IV LP (the "Partnership"), formed pursuant to 
the provisions of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the "Act'), to read in its 
entirety as follows: 
ARTICLE 1 
NAME, PURPOSE AND OFFICES OF PARTNERSHIP 
I 
I 
1.1 
Name. The name of the Partnership is VALAR GLOBAL FUND HMV LP. The affairs of 
the Partnership shall be conducted under the Partnership name, or such other name as the General Partner 
may, in its discretion, determine. 
1.2 
Purpose. The primary purpose of the Partnership is to provide a limited number of select 
investors with the opportunity to realize long-term appreciation, generally from venture capital 
investments in earlier-stage, high-growth technology companies as a result of direct, privately negotiated 
investments in equity or equity-oriented securities of private and public companies. The general purposes 
of the Partnership are to buy, sell, hold, and otherwise invest in Securities of every kind and nature and 
rights and options with respect thereto, including, without limitation, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, and 
evidence of indebtedness; to exercise all rights, powers, privileges, and other incidents of ownership or 
possession with respect to Securities held or owned by the Partnership; to enter into, make, and perform 
all contracts and other undertakings; and to engage in all activities and transactions as may be necessary, 
advisable, or desirable to carry out the foregoing. 
1.3 
Principal Office. The principal office of the Partnership shall be at 915 Broadway, Suite 
1101, New York, NY 10010, or such other place or places as the General Partner may from time to time 
designate. The General Partner shall provide the Limited Partners with prompt written notice of any 
change in the location of the Partnership's principal office. 
1.4 
Registered Agent and Office. The name of the registered agent for service of process of 
the Partnership and the address of the Partnership's registered office in the State of Delaware shall be The 
Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, or such other agent or 
office in the State of Delaware as the General Partner may from time to time designate. 
ARTICLE 2 
TERM OF PARTNERSHIP 
2.1 
Term. The term of the Partnership shall commence upon the date of the filing of the 
Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership with the office of the Secretary of State of the State 
of Delaware. The term of the Partnership shall continue until the tenth anniversary of the date en-vAilehof 
the Partnership's initial eapitel-eentribution-is-dueinvestment in a portfolio company (such date of the 
initial capital contribution being referred to herein as the "Commencement Date" and such tenth 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808285
--- PAGE 10 ---
anniversary being referred to as the "Termination Date"), unless extended pursuant to paragraph 10.1 or 
sooner dissolved as provided in paragraph 10.2. 
2.2 
Events Affecting a Member of the General Partner. Except as specifically provided in 
paragraph 10.2, the death, bankruptcy, withdrawal, insanity, incompetency, temporary or permanent 
incapacity, expulsion, removal, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, merger, sale of all or substantially 
all the stock or assets of, or other change in the ownership or nature of any member of the General Partner 
shall not dissolve the Partnership. 
2.3 
Events Affecting a Limited Partner of the Partnership. The death, bankruptcy, 
withdrawal, insanity, incompetency, temporary or permanent incapacity, liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganization, merger, sale of all or substantially all the stock or assets of, or other change in the 
ownership or nature of a Limited Partner shall not dissolve the Partnership. 
2.4 
Events Affecting the General Partner. Except as specifically provided in paragraph 
10.2, the withdrawal, bankruptcy, expulsion, resignation, removal, liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganization, merger, sale of all or substantially all the stock or assets of, or other change in the 
ownership or nature of the General Partner shall not constitute an "event of withdrawal" of the General 
Partner under the Act, and upon the happening of any such event, the affairs of the Partnership shall be 
continued without dissolution by the General Partner or any successor entity thereto. 
ARTICLE 3 
NAME AND ADMISSION OF PARTNERS 
3.1 
Name and Address. The name and address of the General Partner and each Limited 
Partner (hereinafter the General Partner and the Limited Partners shall be referred to collectively as the 
"Partners" and each individually as a "Partner"), the amount of such Partner's Capital Commitment to 
the Partnership, and such Partner's Partnership Percentage are set forth on a separate and confidential 
EXHIBIT A hereto, marked as EXII IBIT A-1 thru EXHIBIT A-i (with a separate EXHIBIT A for each Partner). 
The General Partner shall cause EXHIBIT A to be amended from time to time to reflect the admission of 
any new Partner, the withdrawal or substitution of any Partner, the transfer of interests among Partners, 
receipt by the Partnership of notice of any change of address of a Partner or the change in any Partner's 
Capital Commitment or Partnership Percentage. An amended EXHIBIT A shall supersede any prior 
EXHIBIT A and become a part of this Agreement. A copy of the most recent amended EXHIBIT A shall be 
kept on file at the principal office of the Partnership. 
3.2 
Admission of Additional Partners. 
(a) 
Except as provided in paragraphs 3.2(b), 4.5(bXvii)(4) and 9.6, an additional 
person may be admitted as a Partner only with the consent of the General Partner and Eighty Percent in 
Interest of the Limited Partners. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding subparagraph (a) above, additional persons may be admitted as 
Limited Partners (or existing Limited Partners may increase their Capital Commitments) with the consent 
of only the General Partner on or before the date that is sianine (62) months after the Initial 
GlesingCommencement Date; provided that the aggregate capital commitments to the Partnership and the 
Parallel Funds shall not exceed two hundred and-fifty-million dollars ($2500,000,000). 
(c) 
Each additional person admitted as a Limited Partner subsequent to the Initial 
Closing Date (and each existing Limited Partner that increases its Capital Commitment) shall (i) execute 
2. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808286
--- PAGE 11 ---
and deliver to the Partnership a counterpart of this Agreement or otherwise take such actions as the 
General Partner shall deem appropriate in order for such Limited Partner to become bound by the terms of 
this Agreement, (ii) contribute that portion of its (or such) Capital Commitment which is equal to the 
portion of the respective Capital Commitments contributed to date by the Partnership's previously 
admitted Limited Partners, and (iii) pay to the Partnership a "Late Admission Charge" (which shall be 
deemed Ordinary Income of the Partnership and not be treated as a capital contribution) equal to interest 
on the amount contributed by such Partner pursuant to the preceding clause (ii) at an annual interest rate 
that is two hundred basis points (2.0%) higher than the Prime Rate (determined as of the close of business 
on the date of such admission or increase), compounded daily, from the date(s) that such Partner would 
have been required to contribute such amount if it had been admitted (or had such increased Capital 
Commitment) at-the-initial-Glesingas of the Rartnershiplnitial Closing Date; provided that this clause (iii) 
shall not apply to a Limited Partner admitted to the Partnership (or allowed to increase its Capital 
Commitment) within ninety (90) days from the Commencement Date. Limited Partners admitted to the 
Partnership after the Initial Closing Date will not be entitled to share in or be allocated any Ordinary 
Income (including, without limitation, Late Admission Charges) accruing on or prior to their admission 
date. At the election of the General Partner, any Late Admission Charge owed to the Partnership by a 
Limited Partner may be paid to the Partnership through an offsetting reduction in such Limited Partner's 
Capital Account balance. 
(d) 
Upon the admission of any additional Limited Partner pursuant to this paragraph 
3.2, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, make a special distribution of all or a portion of the 
initial contribution of capital made by such additional Limited Partner. Such distribution shall be made to 
all Partners in accordance with Partnership Percentages (as adjusted to reflect the admission of such 
additional Limited Partner) and shall be deemed to be a return of capital to such Partners; provided, 
however, that such Partners shall be deemed, for the purposes of paragraph 4.2, not to have contributed 
the amount of such distribution, and the amounts of their respective unfunded Capital Commitments shall 
be increased accordingly. 
3.3 
Removal of the General Partner. 
(a) 
Immediately following a Trigger Event (as defined below), the General Partner 
shall provide notice to the Limited Partners of the Trigger Event, and at the election of Two-Thirds in 
Interest of the Limited Partners, pursuant to a vote occurring during any time during the one hundred and 
eighty (180) day period following such notice to the Limited Partners, the General Partner may be 
removed from its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership. 
(b) 
In the event of the removal of the General Partner pursuant to paragraph 3.3(a), 
the Limited Partners, acting by the same Percentage in Interest required of the vote to remove, shall be 
entitled to appoint a replacement general partner on such economic terms and other terms as the 
replacement general partner and a Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners may agree. In such 
event: (i) the removed General Partner shall not be entitled to retain any rights or powers of a general 
partner of the Partnership and shall become a special limited partner of the Partnership with a continued 
interest in allocations of Profit and Loss and distributions of Partnership cash and assets pursuant to 
Articles 5, 7 and 10 hereof; (ii) the removed General Partner shall no longer be required to make 
additional capital contributions to the Partnership pursuant to paragraph 4.3 and the removed General 
Partner's Capital Commitment shall be equal to the amount actually contributed pursuant to paragraph 
4.3; (iii) the removed General Partner shall be entitled to receive all allocations and distributions to which 
it would otherwise be entitled to receive had it not been removed when, as and if such allocations and 
distributions are made, in respect of all activities of and investments by the Partnership that occurred or 
were committed to by the Partnership prior to the effective date of removal; provided, however, that the 
removed General Partner shall be entitled to receive one hundred percent (100%) of all allocations and 
3. 
147765658 •44 
EFTA00808287
--- PAGE 12 ---
distributions in respect of its capital contributions; (iv) the removed General Partner shall not be entitled 
to receive any payments of management fee pursuant to paragraph 6.1 with respect to any period of time 
after the date of its removal; (v) the removed General Partner and any Indemnified Party shall remain 
entitled to exculpation and indemnification pursuant to paragraphs 15.3 and 15.4 with respect to any 
matter arising prior to or out of events or circumstances existing prior to the General Partner's removal; 
and (vi) an interest in the Partnership equal to the General Partner's unfunded Capital Commitment and 
the remaining carried interest in the Partnership shall be transferred to the replacement general partner 
upon its admission to the Partnership. 
(c) 
For purposes of this paragraph 3.3, a "Trigger Event' shall have occurred if the 
General Partner or any Managing Member is (i) found by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitration 
carried out pursuant to paragraph 15.5 to have committed (or enters a plea of nolo contendere to having 
committed) embezzlement, fraud or any other act involving material improper personal benefit against the 
Partnership or its assets, or (ii) is convicted of a violation of federal or state securities law or a felony (but 
not including a felony involving the use of a motor vehicle) in a manner that had a material adverse effect 
on the Partnership; provided, however, that no Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, in the 
case of acts by a Managing Member, the offending individual is removed as a managing member of the 
General Partner within thirty (30) days after the court judgment or arbitration decision, or conviction, 
which would otherwise have given rise to a Trigger Event under this paragraph 3.3. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 15.11 and in the event of any election 
made to remove the General Partner, the Partners agree to amend this Agreement in good faith in order to 
give effect to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 3.3, including but not limited to revising Exhibit 
A to reflect changes in the Partners' identities, Capital Commitments and Partnership Percentages. 
The General Partner shall promptly notify the Limited Partners if the General 
Partner or any Managing Member is found to have committed (or enters a plea of nolo contendere to 
having committed) embezzlement, fraud or any other act involving material improper personal benefit, or 
is convicted of a violation of federal or state securities law or a felony, regardless of whether any such act 
relates to the Partnership or not. 
ARTICLE 4 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS, CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
AND NONCONTRIBUTING PARTNERS 
4.1 
Capital Accounts. An individual Capital Account shall be maintained for each Partner. 
4.2 
Capital Contributions of the Limited Partners. 
(a) 
Each Limited Partner shall contribute capital to the Partnership as requested by 
the General Partner upon ten (10) business days' prior written notice (which such notice shall be given by 
electronic mail or by a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, in 
accordance with paragraph 15.9); provided, that the initial capital contribution from each Limited Partner 
shall not be due earlier than January 1, 20168. The General Partner may request capital contributions 
from the Limited Partners, on the terms specified in this paragraph 4.2(a) or as altered under a Side Letter. 
Except as set forth in paragraphs 3.2(c) and 4.2(b), each capital contribution shall be in accordance with 
Partnership Percentages; provided, however, that the capital contributions from the Limited Partners may 
be adjusted by the General Partner in good faith in order to account for the fact that no Management Fee 
is chargeable in respect of the General Partner's interest in the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything in 
the foregoing to the contrary, no Limited Partner shall be required to contribute any capital after the fifth 
4. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808288
--- PAGE 13 ---
anniversary of the Commencement Date (the period between the Commencement Date and the fifth 
anniversary thereof being referred to herein as the "Commitment Period"), except as may be necessary 
for (a) Partnership expenses, including, but not limited to, payment of any Management Fee (as defined 
below) due to the General Partner; (b) completion of transactions evidenced by a written terms sheet (or 
other similar statement of intent to make an investment that has been executed by the Partnership) prior to 
the end of the Commitment Period; (c) follow-on investments in the Securities of issuers in which the 
Partnership holds a pre-existing interest as of the date of such proposed follow-on investment; and (d) 
fulfillment of such Limited Partner's obligations pursuant to paragraph 4.2(d)(i). Further, each Limited 
Partner's obligation to contribute capital shall also be subject to those limitations set forth in paragraph 
4.6. Each capital contribution by any Limited Partner shall be made in U.S. dollars and made in cash or 
by transfer of immediately-available funds. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph 4.2(a), with respect to the Partnership's initial request 
for capital contributions under this paragraph 4.2, in the event that the sum of the Capital Commitments 
of all Limited Partners that are "benefit plan investors" is such as would make their "equity participation" 
in the Partnership "significant," within the meaning of those terms under U.S. Department of Labor 
Regulation § 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (the "DOL Regulations"), then no such Limited Partner shall be 
required to contribute capital to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement until such time as the General 
Partner shall have delivered to such Limited Partner an opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel 
shall be reasonably acceptable to the Limited Partner) to the effect that the Partnership's first portfolio 
company investment (other than a short-term investment of funds pending long-term commitment) has 
qualified or will qualify upon the funding of each Limited Partner's initial capital contribution as a 
"venture capital investment" within the meaning of the DOL Regulations such that the Partnership will 
qualify as a "venture capital operating company" (a "VCOC') within the meaning of the DOL 
Regulations (the "VCOC Opinion"). In the event that such a Limited Partner has not received the VCOC 
Opinion prior to the date on which any capital contribution would otherwise be due under paragraph 
4.2(a), such Limited Partner shall pay such capital contribution into an interest-bearing escrow account 
designated by the General Partner. The terms of any such escrow account shall be determined by the 
General Partner in compliance with ERISA (including the principles and conditions indicated in Dept. of 
Labor Adv. Op. 95-04A), to the extent applicable. Upon delivery of the VCOC Opinion, all amounts in 
the escrow account shall be delivered to the Partnership in fulfillment of such Limited Partner's 
then-outstanding obligations under paragraph 4.2(a). 
(c) 
The General Partner may, in its sole discretion, return to the Partners all or a 
portion of any capital contribution intended for a proposed investment which is not consummated as 
anticipated pro rata in accordance with their respective capital contributions; provided, however, that 
such returned capital shall be added back to unfunded Capital Commitments pro raw in accordance with 
the percentages in which such returned capital was attributed to the Capital Commitments when such 
capital was called and be subject to recall by the General Partner pursuant to this Article 4. 
(d) 
If, in the discretion of the General Partner, Partnership assets are 
insufficient to fulfill any indemnification obligation of the Partnership pursuant to paragraph 15.4 prior to 
the final liquidation of the Partnership, the General Partner may to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law require each Partner to contribute capital to the Partnership in an amount up to such 
Partner's unfunded Capital Commitment, if any. 
(ii) 
If, in the discretion of the General Partner, Partnership assets remain 
insufficient to fulfill any indemnification obligation of the Partnership pursuant to paragraph 15.4, and 
following the contribution to the Partnership of the maximum amount then permitted by paragraph 
4.2(d)(i), the General Partner may recall distributions previously made to the Partners solely for the 
5. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808289
--- PAGE 14 ---
purpose of fulfilling or satisfying such an obligation or liability. Such distributions shall be recalled from 
the Partners in the same proportions as the expense (or loss) of the indemnity obligation giving rise to 
such recontribution was allocated to the Partners pursuant to Article 5. In no event shall any Partner be 
required to contribute capital pursuant to this paragraph 4.2(d)(ii) in an amount in excess of the lesser of 
(I) all distributions previously received by the Partner from the Partnership or (2) twenty-five percent 
(25%) of such Partner's Capital Commitment. In no event will the General Partner be permitted to call 
capital pursuant to this paragraph 4.2(d)(ii) in connection with a certain distribution after the earlier of 
(A) the date two (2) years after the Termination Date (or any subsequent date to which the Partnership 
term has previously been extended pursuant to paragraph 10.1) and (B) the date three (3) years after the 
date of such distribution. 
(iii) 
In the event that the Partners are required to return distributions as 
provided in paragraph 4.2(dXii) following the final liquidation of the Partnership, paragraph 10.5 shall be 
reapplied to account for the associated indemnification expense and, to the extent that the General Partner 
would have any additional obligation to return capital pursuant to paragraph 10.5 as a result of such 
reapplication (the "Paragraph 10.5 Reapplication Amount), the proportions in which the Partners bear 
the return obligation pursuant to paragraph 4.2(dXii) shall be appropriately adjusted by increasing the 
General Partner's obligation to contribute capital to the Partnership pursuant to paragraph 4.2(d)(ii) by the 
Paragraph 10.5 Reapplication Amount, and reducing the aggregate obligation of the Limited Partners to 
contribute capital pursuant to paragraph 4.2(d)(ii) by a like amount. For the purpose of this paragraph 
4.2(d)(iii) only, the aggregate maximum amount that the General Partner may be required to return to the 
Partnership pursuant to paragraph 10.5 shall not be limited to After-Tax Distribution Amount. 
4.3 
Capital Contributions of the General Partner. 
The General Partner and/or its 
designated Affiliate shall contribute capital to the Partnership, and have a Capital Commitment, in an 
amount equal to 1.0028% of the aggregate Capital Commitments of all Partners, on the same schedule 
and terms under which any Limited Partner makes a contribution. Further, the General Partner or its 
Affiliates, or their respective members, may contribute additional capital to one or more Parallel Funds. 
Twenty percent (20%) of each capital contribution made by the General Partner or its designated Affiliate 
shall be made in cash. Eighty percent (80%) of each capital contribution made by the General Partner or 
its designated Affiliate shall not be made in cash, but shall be deemed to have been made by the General 
Partner or its designated Affiliate and shall result in a dollar-for-dollar reduction in the amount of 
management fee that it would otherwise receive pursuant to paragraph 6.1 in the manner set forth in 
paragraph 6.1(cXii) (the amount of each such deemed contribution, a "Cashless Contribution"). If a 
designated Affiliate of the General Partner makes the Capital Commitment described in this paragraph 
4.3, then the interest so held by the designated Affiliate shall be a Limited Partner's interest and treated as 
an interest held by a Limited Partner for all purposes under this Agreement. 
4.4 
Acquisition of an Additional Interest by the General Partner. In the event that the 
General Partner or its designated Affiliate acquires or holds an additional interest in the Partnership with a 
Capital Commitment that exceeds 4410281.0% of the aggregate Capital Commitments of all Partners 
(pursuant to a transfer from another Limited Partner or otherwise), the General Partner shall have two (2) 
Partnership Percentages and two (2) Capital Account balances for purposes of making Partnership 
allocations—(4flekieting—aar realleeatien—ef--Centingent—hesses—pursufrat—te—pacagraph-5,33, as if such 
additional excess interest were held by a separate entity which is a Limited Partner, although for all other 
purposes the General Partner shall have only one Capital Account. 
4.5 
Noncontributing Partners. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall be entitled to enforce the obligations of each Limited 
Partner to make the contributions to capital set forth in paragraph 4.2, and the Partnership shall have all 
6. 
147765658 44 
EFTA00808290
--- PAGE 15 ---
remedies available at law or in equity in the event any such contribution is not so made. If any legal 
proceedings relating to the failure of a Limited Partner to make such a contribution are commenced, such 
Limited Partner shall pay all costs and expenses incurred by the Partnership, including attorneys' fees and 
expenses, in connection with such proceedings. 
(b) 
Additionally, without in any way limiting any remedy which the Partnership may 
pursue pursuant to paragraph 4.5(a), should any Limited Partner fail to make any of the capital 
contributions required of it under this Agreement, such Limited Partner shall be in default. In the event of 
such default, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, elect to enforce one or more of the provisions 
of this paragraph 4.5(b) in connection with such a default, to which each Limited Partner hereby 
expressly consents, provided such default shall have continued uncured for ten (10) or more days after 
delivery of the Default Notice described in the following sentence (after such ten (10)-day period, such 
Limited Partner shall be deemed a "Defaulting Limited Partner"). The General Partner shall deliver 
written notice to such Defaulting Limited Partner in the event that it determines to utilize one or more of 
the powers set forth in this paragraph 4.5(b) (a "Default Notice"). If the default shall have continued 
uncured for ten (10) or more days after delivery of the Default Notice, the Defaulting Limited Partner 
may not make any additional contributions of capital against such Defaulting Limited Partner's Capital 
Commitment (other than to fund Management Fees and other expenses of the Partnership) without the 
written consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or denied in the sole discretion of 
the General Partner. In enforcing any of the following provisions of this paragraph 4.5(b) against a 
Defaulting Limited Partner, the General Partner agrees that it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to 
enforce such provisions against such Defaulting Limited Partner in a manner so as to prevent the other 
non-Defaulting Limited Partners from bearing a net economic burden attributable to Management Fees 
that, absent such default, would be borne by the Defaulting Limited Partner if the Defaulting Limited 
Partner were to retain its interest in the Partnership and make capital contributions in respect thereof. 
The General Partner may waive, in whole or in part, the requirement of 
payment with respect to any due and unpaid capital contributions by a Defaulting Limited Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement and reduce such Defaulting Limited Partner's Capital Commitment 
accordingly. 
(ii) 
The General Partner may extend the time of payment for a Defaulting 
Limited Partner of any due and unpaid capital contributions by such Defaulting Limited Partner pursuant 
to this Agreement. 
(iii) 
The General Partner may declare the entire amount of a Defaulting 
Limited Partner's then unfunded Capital Commitment to be immediately due and payable. 
(iv) 
On behalf of the Partnership, the General Partner may enforce, by 
appropriate legal proceedings, the Defaulting Limited Partner's obligation to make payment on the 
amount of any due and unpaid capital contributions by such Defaulting Limited Partner pursuant to this 
Agreement or to pay the entire amount of such Defaulting Limited Partner's then unfunded Capital 
Commitment. 
(v) 
The Defaulting Limited Partner shall have no right to participate in any 
vote or consent of the Partners required under this Agreement or permitted under the Act and the Capital 
Commitment of such Defaulting Limited Partner shall not be included for purposes of calculating a 
Majority in Interest or other Percentage in Interest of the Limited Partners for purposes of this Agreement. 
(vi) 
Should the General Partner, in its sole discretion, elect to exercise the 
provisions of this paragraph 4.5(bXvi), such Defaulting Limited Partner shall pay all expenses to be 
7. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808291
--- PAGE 16 ---
incurred or anticipated to be incurred by the Partnership in connection with the default and interest on the 
amount of the contribution to the Partnership then due at the Prime Rate plus one hundred (100) basis 
points per annum (or if less, the highest rate permitted by applicable law), such interest to accrue from the 
date the contribution to the Partnership was required to be made pursuant to this Agreement until the date 
the contribution is made by such Defaulting Limited Partner, unless such payment is waived by the 
General Partner. The accrued interest shall be paid by the Defaulting Limited Partner to the Partnership 
upon payment of such contribution. The accrued interest so paid shall not be treated as an additional 
contribution to the capital of the Partnership, but shall be deemed to be income to the Partnership; 
provided, however, that such income shall not be allocated to the Capital Account of the Defaulting 
Limited Partner. Until such time as the unpaid contribution and accrued interest thereon shall have been 
paid by the Defaulting Limited Partner, the General Partner may elect to withhold any or all distributions 
to be made to such Defaulting Limited Partner pursuant to Article 7 or Article 10 and recover any such 
unpaid contribution and accrued interest thereon by set off against any such distribution withheld. 
(vii) 
Should the General Partner, in its sole discretion, elect to exercise the 
provisions of this paragraph 4.5(b)(vii), the General Partner and the nondefaulting Limited Partners (the 
"Optionees"), shall have the right and the option, but not the obligation, to acquire the Partnership interest 
of the Defaulting Limited Partner (the "Optionor"), as follows: 
(1) 
The General Partner shall notify the Optionees of the default 
within twenty (20) days of the expiration of the ten (10) day notice period commencing upon delivery of 
the Default Notice. Such notice shall advise each Optionee of the portion and the price of the Optionor's 
interest available to it. The portion available to each Optionee shall be a fraction, the numerator of which 
is its Capital Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate Capital Commitments of the 
Optionees. The aggregate price for the Optionor's interest shall be the lesser of fifty percent (50%) of (A) 
the amount of the Optionor's Capital Account calculated as of the due date of the additional contribution 
and adjusted to reflect the allocation of the appropriate proportion of the Partnership's unrealized gains 
and losses as of the due date of such defaulted contribution, and (B) the aggregate amount of the 
Optionor's capital contributions actually made less any distributions (valued at their fair market value on 
the date of distribution in accordance with paragraph 12.1) on or prior to such due date. The price for each 
Optionee shall be prorated according to the portion of the Optionor's interest purchased by each such 
Optionee. The option granted hereunder shall be exercisable at any time after the date thirty (30) days 
following the date of the initial notice of default from the General Partner to the Optionor by delivery to 
the Optionor of a notice of exercise of option together with a nonrecourse promissory note for the 
purchase price and a security agreement in accordance with subparagraph (5) below, which notice and 
documents the General Partner shall promptly forward to the Optionor. 
(2) 
Should any Optionee not exercise its option within said thirty 
(30) day period provided in subparagraph (1), the General Partner shall immediately notify the other 
Optionees who have elected to exercise their option, which Optionees shall have the right and option 
ratably among them to acquire the portion of the Optionor's interest not so acquired (the "Remaining 
Portion") within thirty (30) days of the date of the notice specified in this subparagraph (2) on the same 
terms as provided in subparagraph (1). 
(3) 
Any amount of the Remaining Portion not acquired by the 
Optionees pursuant to subparagraph (2) may be acquired by the General Partner within thirty (30) days of 
the expiration of the thirty (30) day period specified in subparagraph (2) on the same terms as set forth in 
subparagraph (1); provided, however, that the General Partner shall not be obligated to make the 
additional contributions otherwise due from the Optionor with respect to the Remaining Portion so 
acquired. 
8. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808292
--- PAGE 17 ---
(4) 
Any amount of the Remaining Portion not acquired by the 
Optionees and the General Partner pursuant to subparagraphs (2) or (3) may, if the General Partner deems 
it in the best interest of the Partnership, be sold by the General Partner to any other investor, on terms not 
more favorable to such parties than those applicable to the Optionees' option, and upon the consent of the 
General Partner, any such third party purchaser may become a Limited Partner to the extent of the interest 
purchased hereunder. 
(5) 
The price due from each of the General Partner and the 
Optionees (and, if applicable, any third party purchaser pursuant to subparagraph (4)) shall be payable by 
a noninterest bearing, nonrecourse promissory note (in such form as the General Partner shall designate) 
due upon final liquidation of the Partnership. Each such note shall be secured by the portion of the 
Optionor's Partnership interest so purchased by its maker pursuant to a security agreement in a form 
designated by the General Partner and shall be enforceable by the Optionor only against such security. 
(6) 
Upon exercise of any option hereunder, each Optionee (and, if 
applicable, any third party purchaser pursuant to subparagraph (4)) shall be obligated (A) to contribute to 
the Partnership that portion of the additional capital then due from the Optionor equal to the percentage of 
the Optionor's interest purchased by such person and (B) except as otherwise provided in subparagraph 
(3), to pay the same percentage of any further contributions otherwise due from such Optionor on the date 
such contributions are otherwise due. Each person who purchases a portion of the Optionor's Partnership 
interest shall be deemed to have acquired such portion as of the due date of the additional capital 
contribution with respect to which the Optionor defaulted, and any distributions made after the due date 
on account of the Optionor's interest shall be distributed among such purchasers (and, unless the entire 
interest was purchased, the Optionor) in accordance with their ultimate respective interests in the 
Optionor's interest. Distributions otherwise allocable to the Optionor under the preceding sentence shall 
first be used to offset any defaulted contribution of the Optionor still due to the Partnership. Upon 
completion of any transaction hereunder, the General Partner shall cause EXHIBIT A to be amended to 
reflect all necessary changes resulting therefrom including, without limitation, admission of a purchaser 
as a Limited Partner, and adjustment of Capital Account balances, Capital Commitment amounts and 
Partnership Percentages as of the date of Optionor's default to reflect the acquisition from Optionor of the 
appropriate pro rata portion of each such item (including, if applicable, the reduction of aggregate Capital 
Commitments and resulting adjustment of Partnership Percentages in connection with any acquisition of 
any Remaining Portion by the General Partner pursuant to subparagraph (3)). The purchase and transfer 
of the Partnership interest of the Optionor shall occur automatically upon exercise by any Optionee or the 
General Partner of its option hereunder, or by any third-party purchaser pursuant to subparagraph (4), 
without any action by Optionor. 
(7) 
Notwithstanding the sale of any portion of an Optionor's interest 
pursuant to this paragraph 4.5(b)(vii), such Optionor shall not be released from its unfunded Capital 
Commitment except as actually funded by the acquirer of any such portion of Optionor's interest. 
(8) 
In the event that any amount of the Remaining Portion is not 
acquired by the Optionees, the General Partner and any third party purchasers pursuant to paragraphs 
4.5(b)(viiX1)-(4), then, in its sole discretion, the General Partner may apply any of the remedies described 
in paragraphs 4.5(a) and (b) to such unsold portion. 
(viii) 
The General Partner may, in its sole discretion, elect to remove such 
Defaulting Limited Partner from the Partnership, in which event (1) fifty percent (50%) of the Defaulting 
Limited Partner's Capital Account balance shall be forfeited and reallocated to the Capital Accounts of 
the nondefaulting Partners proportionally, based on, with respect to each such Partner, the ratio that its 
Partnership Percentage immediately prior to such calculation bears to the aggregate Partnership 
9. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808293
--- PAGE 18 ---
Percentages of all Partners (other than the Defaulting Limited Partner), (2) the remaining fifty percent 
(50%) of the Defaulting Limited Partner's Capital Account balance shall be payable by the Partnership in 
installments over a period of no more than three (3) years from the effective date of the removal of such 
Defaulting Limited Partner pursuant to this paragraph 4.5(b)(viii), and (3) the Defaulting Limited 
Partner's Partnership Percentage shall be reduced to zero. 
(ix) 
The General Partner may, in its sole discretion, elect to use reasonable 
efforts to assist such Defaulting Limited Partner transfer its entire interest in the Partnership. 
(x) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each 
Limited Partner (I) agrees that it will execute any instruments or perform any other acts that are or may 
be necessary to effectuate and carry out the transactions contemplated by this paragraph 4.5, and (2) 
designates and appoints the General Partner its true and lawful attorney, in its name, place and stead, to 
make, execute, and sign any and all instruments, documents, or certificates on behalf of any Defaulting 
Limited Partner in order to give effect to any remedy against such Defaulting Limited Partner (including, 
but not limited to, the remedies set forth in this paragraph 4.5(b)). 
(xi) 
The Partners agree that the General Partner's authority and discretion to 
enforce any remedy against a Defaulting Limited Partner (including but not limited to the remedies set 
forth in this paragraph 4.5(b)) supersede any fiduciary duties of the General Partner to such Defaulting 
Limited Partner. The Partners further agree that the remedies set forth in this paragraph 4.5(b) are fair 
and reasonable in light of the difficulty in ascertaining the actual damages that would be incurred by the 
Partnership and the nondefaulting Partners as a result of the Defaulting Limited Partner's failure to 
contribute capital when due pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
(xii) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph 4.5, a 
Regulated Partner shall not be declared to be in default by the General Partner with respect to any due and 
unpaid capital contributions in the event that such Regulated Partner is entitled to withdraw from the 
Partnership (or the General Partner has requested such withdrawal) pursuant to Article 13 and the failure 
to make such due and unpaid capital contributions is the consequence of or attributable to such 
withdrawal. 
4.6 
Suspension Period. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, no 
Limited Partner shall be required to contribute capital to the Partnership in respect of its Capital 
Commitment during any Suspension Period (as defined in paragraph 4.6(b)) except for: 
Partnership expenses, including payment of any Management Fee due to 
the General Partner; 
(ii) 
follow-on investments in portfolio companies in which the Partnership 
had invested prior to commencement of the Suspension Period, so long as the Advisory Committee 
consents to each such follow-on investment; 
(iii) 
investments which the Partnership had committed to make as evidenced 
by a written term sheet prior to commencement of the Suspension Period; and 
(iv) 
fulfillment of such Limited Partner's obligations pursuant to paragraph 
4.2(d). 
10. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808294
--- PAGE 19 ---
(b) 
In the event that either (i) James Fitzgerald or (ii) Andrew McCormack (each, a 
"Managing Member," and together, the "Managing Members") ceases to be a managing member of the 
General Partner, or otherwise ceases to participate in the management of the Partnership or fails to meet 
his obligation to devote his business time to the Partnership to the extent required under paragraphs 8.3(a) 
or 8.3(b) (the "Suspension Event'), the Commitment Period shall automatically be suspended and a 
"Suspension Period" shall begin (during which the activities described in paragraph 4.6(a) shall not be 
permitted). 
(c) 
Upon the occurrence of a Suspension Event, the General Partner shall promptly 
notify the Limited Partners of the Suspension Event, and shall promptly circulate a written ballot to the 
Limited Partners which asks the Limited Partners to vote on whether the Commitment Period shall be 
terminated as a result of such Suspension Event, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the 
Limited Partners cast their vote on such ballot. If a Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners do not 
affirmatively vote to end the Suspension Period within one hundred eighty (180) days of the 
commencement of the Suspension Period, the Commitment Period shall be automatically terminated and 
the Suspension Period shall continue. If a Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners do affirmatively 
vote to terminate the Suspension Period within one hundred eighty (180) days of the commencement of 
the Suspension Period, then the Suspension Period shall be automatically terminated and the Commitment 
Period shall be reinstated. Notwithstanding the preceding or any other provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, a Suspension Period may be terminated, and the Commitment Period shall be reinstated, at any 
time upon the affirmative vote of a Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners. 
ARTICLE 5 
PARTNERSHIP ALLOCATIONS 
5.1 
Allocation of Profit or Loss. Except as otherwise provided in this Article 5: 
(a) 
Profit (and solely to the extent necessary under paragraph 5.1(aXi), Loss) of the 
Partnership for each Accounting Period shall be allocated as follows: 
First, one hundred percent (100%) to the General Partner until the 
cumulative Profit allocated to the General Partner pursuant to this paragraph 5.1(a)(i) in such Accounting 
Period and all prior Accounting Periods (net of any Loss allocated to the General Partner in such 
Accounting Period and all prior Accounting Periods pursuant to this paragraph 5.1(aXi)) is equal to the 
aggregate Fee Adjustment Amounts through such time; provided, however, that such allocation shall be 
made only (i) from Profit in such Accounting Period consisting solely of the excess of (A) gains from the 
sale or disposition of Securities (including any Deemed Gain in connection with a distribution of 
Securities) and qualified dividend income over (B) losses from the sale or disposition of Securities 
(including any Deemed Loss in connection with a distribution of Securities), and (ii) in an amount no 
greater than the cumulative net Profit of the Partnership from its inception through such time. If there has 
been an allocation of Profit pursuant to this paragraph 5.1(a)(i) for any Accounting Period and the 
Partnership has a Loss in any subsequent Accounting Period, then, notwithstanding the other provisions 
of this paragraph 5.1, the General Partner shall be allocated an amount of such Loss up to the amount 
necessary to ensure that the General Partner has been allocated an aggregate amount of Profit pursuant to 
this paragraph 5.1(a)(i) no greater than the Partnership's cumulative net Profit through such time; 
provided, that the amount of Loss to be allocated to the General Partner pursuant to the preceding 
sentence shall be limited in the General Partner's good faith discretion to ensure that there is not an 
allocation of a duplicative amount of Loss (by reason of allocations of Loss to the General Partner 
pursuant to this paragraph 5.1(a)(i) and paragraph 5.1(b)(iii)(y)) which Loss is intended to reverse an 
allocation of Profit pursuant to this paragraph 5.1(a)(i). For purposes of this paragraph 5.1(a)(i) and 
11. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808295
--- PAGE 20 ---
paragraph 10.5(b), the calculation of the Partnership's "cumulative net Profit" and determination of 
"Loss" shall include special allocations made by the Partnership pursuant to paragraph 5.1(c)-enE1-372. It 
is intended that the General Partner's interest represented by Fee Adjustment Amounts constitutes a 
"profits interest" within the meaning of Internal Revenue Service Revenue Procedure 93-27 (1993-27 
C.B. 343) and the provisions of this Article 5 and Article 7 shall be implemented accordingly. 
(11) 
Second, for so long as the "First Allocation Hurdle" (as defined below) is 
not met, the remaining items of Profit for such Accounting Period shall be allocated to the Partners to 
cause the cumulative allocations made pursuant to paragraphs 5.1(a)(ii) through 5.1(a)(iv) to have been 
made as follows: 
(I) 
First, one hundred percent (100%) to the Capital Accounts of 
the Partners, until the aggregate Profit allocated to the Partners pursuant to this subparagraph 
5.1(a)(ii)(1) for all Accounting Periods equals the aggregate Loss allocated pursuant to subparagraph 
5.1(b)(iii) for all Accounting Periods; and then 
(21 
Next: 
if) 
(4)-Eighty percent (80%) of such Profit to the Capital 
Accounts of all of the Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages; and 
fil) 
(23-Twenty percent (20%) ef-suell-Pfern-te-the-Garitel 
Accounts of all-of the Partn.rs to the extent that such accounts were previously allocated a Contingent 
Less-that has not-.been-cesteced-by-pcevious--allocationc pursuant-to this paragraph. Such Profit hatI-be 
elleeeteci-te-a-Pactnerls-cepitelaeeeunt-en-the-basis-ef--the-prepernen-thet-the-uncestered-Gentingent 
Lesses-eetueinefl-in-sneh-Paptnefls-Gapnal-Aeeeunt-beafs-te-tlie-aggr-egate-aares.tefed-Gentingent-L-esses 
eenteined-in-all-PactftesnCepital-Aeeeuntsr Any-balanee-ef--said—wmatnefeent—(20%)—ef--the 
Partnership2s-Prefit-shatl-be-elleeateel-to the Capital Account of the General Partner. 
(iii) 
Next, after and to the extent that the First Allocation Hurdle has been 
met, and until the "Second Allocation Hurdle" (as defined below) is met, the remaining items of Profit for 
such Accounting Period shall be allocated to the Partners to cause the cumulative allocations made 
pursuant to paragraphs 5.1(a)(ii) through 5.1(a)(iv) to have been made as follows: 
First, one hundred percent (100%) to the Capital Accounts of 
the Partners, until the aggregate Profit allocated to Partners pursuant to this subparagraph 
5.1(a)(iii)(1) for all Accounting Periods equals the aggregate Loss allocated pursuant to subparagraph 
5.1(b)(ii) for all Accounting Periods; and then 
al 
Next: 
(1)
-Seventy-five percent (75%) to the Capital Accounts 
of all of the Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages; and 
(2)-Twenty-five percent (25%) to the Capital Aeeeunts 
ef-ell-ef-the-Pertners-te-the-entent-thet-sueli-neeeunts-were-previeusly-alleented-a-Gentintent-hess-that-lies 
net-been-resteced-by-rwevieus-alleeatiens-ftutsuent-te-this-peFagrefth,Such-Prefit-shell-be-alleested-te-a 
PeEtnefls-Cepitalaseeunt-en-the-basts-ef-the-ffepectien-thet-the-unEestered-Gentingent-Lesses- eentainefl 
in-sueli-PaFtner-ls-Gapitel-Meeunt-beaEs-te-the-aggeegete-unr-estefefl-Gentingent-L-esses-eentaine€1-in-atl 
12. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808296
--- PAGE 21 ---
PannefsGapital-AeeauatsAny-balanee-af--salii-twenty-fwe-peceent-(2-52/03-ef--the-Partnecsli
ern 
shall-be-aneeated-te-the-Capital-Account of the General Partner. 
(iv) 
Next, after and to the extent that the Second Allocation Hurdle is met, 
the remaining items of Profit for such Accounting Period shall be allocated to the Partners to cause the 
cumulative allocations made pursuant to paragraphs 5.1(a)(ii) through 5.1(a)(iv) to have been made as 
follows: 
(1) 
First, one hundred percent (100%) to the Capital Accounts of 
the Partners, until the aggregate Profit allocated to Partners pursuant to this subparagraph 
5.1(a)(iv)(1) for all Accounting Periods equals the aggregate Loss allocated pursuant to subparagraph 
5.1(b)(i) for all Accounting Periods; and then 
f) 
Next-
(13-Seventy percent (70%) to the Capital Accounts of all 
of the Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages; and 
111) 
(2)-Thirty percent (30%) to the Capital Aeeetints-ef--all 
of thc Partncrs to the extent that such accounts wrc prcvioualy allocated a Contingcnt Loss that has not 
been-restored-bnceviens-allocations-pursuant-to-this-paragraphrSuelv-Profit-sltall-be-allocated-to-a 
Partner's Capital ACC-OHM on-the-basis-of-the-proportion-that-the-unrestored-centingent-Lesses-coniained 
alleeated-te-the-Gapital-Account of the General Partner. 
(b) 
After the application of paragraph 5.1(aXi), remaining Losses of the Partnership 
for each Accounting Period shall be allocated as follows: 
(1) 
First, to the extent of the Profits allocated pursuant to paragraph 
5.1(a)(iv) with respect to prior Accounting Periods, items of Loss for such Accounting Period shall be 
allocated in proportion to and in reverse order of such Profit allocations; 
(ii) 
Next, to the extent of the Profits allocated pursuant to paragraph 
5.1(a)(iii) with respect to prior Accounting Periods, any remaining items of Loss for such Accounting 
Period shall be allocated in proportion to and in reverse order of such Profit allocations; and 
(iii) 
Next, any remaining items of Loss for such Accounting Period shall be 
allocated: (x) twenty percent (20%) to the Capital Account of the General Partner; and (y) eighty percent 
(80%) to the Capital Accounts of all of the Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership 
Percentages. 
For all purposes under this Agreement, the "First Allocation Hurdle" shall be determined as of the time 
that any item of Profit or Loss is to be allocated pursuant to paragraphs 5.1(a)(ii) and 5.1(a)(iii), and shall 
be deemed to have been met to the extent that each Limited Partner has been allocated net Profits 
pursuant to this Article 5 in an amount equal to two hundred percent (200%) of its respective Capital 
Commitment (as defined below) as of such time of determination (Le., an amount sufficient to enable the 
Partnership to distribute to such Limited Partner an amount equal to three hundred percent (300%) of 
such Limited Partner's Capital Commitment). 
13. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808297
--- PAGE 22 ---
For all purposes under this Agreement, the "Second Allocation Hurdle" shall be determined as of the 
time that any item of Profit or Loss is to be allocated pursuant to paragraphs 5.1(a)(iii) and 5.1(a)(iv), and 
shall be deemed to have been met to the extent that each Limited Partner has been allocated net Profits 
pursuant to this Article 5 in an amount equal to five hundred percent (500%) of its respective Capital 
Commitment as of such time of determination (is, an amount sufficient to enable the Partnership to 
distribute to such Limited Partner an amount equal to six hundred percent (600%) of such Limited 
Partner's Capital Commitment). 
(c) 
Solely in consideration of the fact that no Management Fee is chargeable in 
respect of the General Partner's Partnership Percentage in the Partnership, items of Loss attributable to 
the Management Fee for each Accounting Period shall not be allocated to the Capital Account of the 
General Partner with respect to its Partnership Percentage. 
5.2 
Allocation of Ordinary Income and Ordinary Loss. Ordinary Income or Ordinary 
Loss of the Partnership for each Accounting Period shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts of all of the 
Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages. 
5.2-Realleeatien-ef-contingent-Lesses.--117-fer-any-Aeseunting-Periedr  efter-the-alleeatiens 
prealed-in-pacagraph-5,1-hew-been-mader tite-beleftee-ef--the-Adjusted-C-apitel-Aeeeent-ef-the-Genefal 
Partner-hes-been-reeleeed-te-less-than-1,002.8%-ef-the-setn-ef--the-balenees-ef-the-Adjusted-Cepind 
Aeeennts-ef-all-Partnersr, en-amennt-ef--the-Less-fthescontingent-Lessn)-alleeated-te-the-Generel-Penner 
for such Accounting Pcriod shall bc reallocated from th: Ccaerat-Partncr's Capital-Account-te-till-of-the 
REHinefELCapitalAccounts-(40-prepectien-to-each-PartnerIS-ftSpiX4V4344114410FShip-P41fGef148S-S041#M41403 
Gefferal-Partnerlsadjusted-Gapiiel-Aeseust-balanee-is-equa140-110-less-thea-thetteduel-ef--(4)-the-sum-ef 
theadjusted-Capitel-lkeeeent-baktnees-ef-all-Pertneffi-rmakintie
teisetient-ef-(74)-the-sani-ef-(*) 
the-arneent-ef-theratenecal-Paftnerls-eapital-eentributiens-rnede-in-eash-as-ef-sueh-time-ftlus-Eyyaggregate 
alleeetiens-ef-net-Prefit-te-the-General-Pertneentirsuent-te-paragrap
-54(a)(i)-divieleel-by-(B-)-the-StlfWer 
(*)-the-ameunt-ef-ell-ef-the-PactnersLearitel-eentEibutiens-made-in-eash-as-ef-sueh-tirme-pins-(y)-amegate 
alleeatiens-ef-net-Prefit-te-the-Generel-Paftner-persuern-te-pacagraph-54(ak sueh-arneentr  the-Generai 
PertnerlsTerger-Bnienee
puteses-ef--this-pacegranh-5.37 the-General-Pectnerls-Adinsted-Cepita4 
Account-shall-not be deemed to include any amountc attributable to a Limited Partner's interest-held-by 
the-General-Partner, 
5A-Special Allocations. To the extent the Partnership has taxable interest income or 
expense with respect to any promissory note between any Partner and the Partnership as holder and maker 
or maker and holder pursuant to Section 483, Sections 1271 through 1288, or Section 7872 of the Code, 
such interest income or expense shall be specially allocated to the Partner to whom such promissory note 
relates, and such Partner's Capital Account adjusted if appropriate. 
5.4 
&5-Regulatory Allocations. 
(a) 
This Agreement is intended to comply with the safe harbor provisions set forth in 
Treasury Regulation 1.704-1(b) and the allocations set forth in paragraph 5.44(b) (the "Regulatory 
Allocations") are intended to comply with certain requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 
1.704-1(b). In the event the Regulatory Allocations result in allocations being made that are inconsistent 
with the manner in which the Partners intend to divide Partnership Profit and Loss as reflected in 
paragraphs 5.1, 5.2= 5,3 and 5.4, the General Partner shall use its reasonable best efforts to adjust 
subsequent allocations of any items of gain, loss, income, deduction, or expense such that the net amount 
of the Regulatory Allocations and such subsequent special adjustments to each Partner is zero. 
14. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808298
--- PAGE 23 ---
(b) 
The allocations provided in this Article 5 shall be subject to the following 
exceptions: 
I 
Any loss or expense otherwise allocable to a Limited-Partner which 
exceeds the positive balance in such Limited-Partner's Capital Account shall instead be allocated first to 
all Partners who have positive balances in their Capital Accounts in proportion to their respective 
Partnership Percentages, and when all Partners' Capital Accounts have been reduced to zero, then to the 
General Partner; income shall first be allocated to reverse any loss or expense allocated under this 
paragraph 5.34(b)(i), in reverse order of such loss or expense allocations, until all such prior loss or 
expense allocations have been reversed. 
(ii) 
In the event any Limited Partner unexpectedly receives any adjustments, 
allocations, or distributions described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4) through 
(dX6), which causes or increases a deficit balance in such Limited Partner's Capital Account, items of 
Partnership income and gain shall be specially allocated to such Limited Partner in an amount and manner 
sufficient to eliminate the deficit balance in its Capital Account created by such adjustments, allocations, 
or distributions as quickly as possible. 
(iii) 
For purposes of this paragraph 5.$4(b), the balance in a Partner's Capital 
Account shall take into account the adjustments provided in Treasury Regulation Section 
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4) through (d)(6). 
(c) 
If additional persons are admitted to the Partnership as Limited Partners 
subsequent to the Initial Closing Date (or existing Limited Partners increase their Capital Commitments), 
then organizational costs, fees (including the Management Fee set forth in paragraph 6.1) and expenses, 
and individual items of Ordinary Income, Ordinary Loss, Profit and Loss of the Partnership that are 
allocated to the Partners on or after the effective date of such admission (or increase), shall be allocated 
first to such new Partners (or such existing Limited Partners that increased their Capital Commitments) to 
the extent necessary to cause such persons to be treated with respect to such items as if they had been 
Partners (or had such increased Capital Commitments) from the Initial Closing Date. 
5.5 
54-Income Tax Allocations. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph or as otherwise required by the 
Code and the rules and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, a Partner's distributive share of 
Partnership income, gain, loss, deduction, or expense for income tax purposes shall be the same as is 
entered in the Partner's Capital Account pursuant to this Agreement. 
(b) 
In accordance with Code Section 704(c) and the Treasury Regulations 
thereunder, income, gain, loss, deduction, and expense with respect to any asset contributed to the capital 
of the Partnership shall, solely for tax purposes, be allocated among the Partners so as to take account of 
any variation between the adjusted basis of such property to the Partnership for federal income tax 
purposes and its initial Adjusted Asset Value. 
(c) 
In the event the Adjusted Asset Value of any Partnership asset is adjusted 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss, deduction, and 
expense with respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such 
asset for federal income tax purposes and its Adjusted Asset Value in the same manner as under Code 
Section 704(c) and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
15. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808299
--- PAGE 24 ---
ARTICLE 6 
MANAGEMENT FEE; PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES 
6.1 
Management Fee. 
(a) 
Commencing as of the Commencement Date, the Management Company shall be 
compensated on a quarterly basis for services rendered to the Partnership by the payment in advance by 
the Partnership in cash to the General Partner (or its designated Affiliate that makes the capital 
contributions referenced in paragraph 4.3) on the first day of each fiscal quarter (or any applicable partial 
fiscal quarter, including without limitation, a partial fiscal quarter commencing as of the Commencement 
Date) of a management fee (the "Management Fee"). No Management Fee will be chargeable in respect 
of the interest in the Partnership held by the General Partner or its designated Affiliate attributable to a 
Partnership Percentage. 
(b) 
The Management Fee for each fiscal quarter (prior to the adjustments described 
in paragraph 6.1(c)) shall be an amount equal to the aggregate Capital Commitments made by the Limited 
Partners as of the first day of each such quarter multiplied by 0.625% (the percentage applicable for any 
period referred to herein as the "Management Fee Percentage"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the 
Management Fee for each of the Partnership's first and last fiscal quarters shall be proportionately 
reduced based upon the ratio that the number of days in each such period bears to ninety (90), (ii) an 
additional Management Fee shall be payable upon the date of admission of any Limited Partner (or 
increase in an existing Limited Partner's Capital Commitment) subsequent to the Initial Closing Date to 
reflect the increased Capital Commitments calculated as if such Limited Partner had been admitted to the 
Partnership (or had such increased Capital Commitment) as of the Initial Closing Date, and (iii) for each 
fiscal year commencing on or after the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date, the Management 
Fee Percentage applicable in fiscal quarters during such fiscal year (prior to the adjustments described in 
paragraph 6.1(c)) shall be equal to the greater of (A) the quarterly Management Fee Percentage applicable 
in the prior fiscal year reduced by an amount equal to 0.025% or (B) 0.375%. 
(c) 
The Management Fee otherwise payable by the Partnership to the Management 
Company pursuant to paragraph 6.1(a) for a fiscal quarter shall be offset (in the following order of 
application): 
First, by one hundred percent (100%) of the amount of any cash or 
non-cash compensation in the form of stock, options, warrants or other similar rights (net of the amount 
paid for any such stock or securities) paid as directors, consulting, management service, advisory, 
consultant, transaction, commitment, breakup or broken deal fees or similar fees to the General Partner, 
the Management Company, or the respective managing members or managers of such entities, during the 
immediately preceding quarter by or in connection with any company in which the Partnership holds an 
investment or any company in which the Partnership actively sought to invest but did not, net of any 
unreimbursed expenses of the General Partner or the Management Company, or the managing members 
or managers of such entities, and as adjusted for any similar reductions with respect to any Parallel Fund 
er-any
s_Prior Fund; Successor Fund or Opportunity Fund, on a pro rata basis based on the aggregate 
capital commitments made to the applicable Parallel Funds-and, Prior Funds, Successor Funds or 
Opportunity Fund, to prevent double counting; provided, however, any reduction pursuant to this 
paragraph 6.1(cXi) in connection with any cash or non-cash compensation paid to any such parties by a 
company in which an "Affiliated Party" (as defined below) or a member, employee or Affiliate thereof 
holds an investment as of the Initial Closing Date shall be limited to the amount directly attributable to 
16. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808300
--- PAGE 25 ---
the Partnership's actual investment in such company (taking into account of any proration due to the 
investments of any Parallel Fund-er, Prior Fund, Successor Fund or Opportunity Fund); and 
(ii) 
Next, by the amount of Cashless Contributions made with respect to the 
immediately preceding quarter; provided, that to the extent that, on the eighth (81h) anniversary of the 
Commencement Date there remains an uncalled portion of the Capital Commitment of the General 
Partner or its designated Affiliate pursuant to paragraph 4.3 (such portion, the "Uncalled Amount"), then 
the Management Fee otherwise payable by the Partnership on the next date when Management Fee shall 
be paid shall be reduced by an amount equal to eighty percent (80%) of the Uncalled Amount (such 
amount, the "Uncalled Cashless Contribution"). Each of (i) a Cashless Contribution other than a 
Cashless Contribution made after the eighth (8'h) anniversary of the Commencement Date and (ii) the 
Uncalled Cashless Contribution shall constitute a "Fee Adjustment Amount'. 
In the event the offsets required by this paragraph 6.1(c) for a fiscal quarter exceed the Management Fee 
payable for such fiscal quarter, the amount of such excess shall be offset against the Management Fee 
otherwise payable in subsequent fiscal quarters until there has been a full reduction of Management Fees 
with respect to amounts described in this paragraph 6.1(c). In the event that there are insufficient 
Management Fees payable such that the foregoing offset amounts are unable to be completely exhausted 
by the time of the Partnership's final distribution pursuant to paragraph 10.4, then the General Partner 
shall, immediately prior to the Partnership's final distribution, return any such unexhausted offset amount 
to the Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages; provided, however, that any 
Limited Partner may elect, by advance written notice to the General Partner, to refrain from being 
allocated, and from having distributed to it, its portion of such returned offset amount that is attributable 
to the application of paragraph 6.1(c)(i). 
(d) 
Solely for purposes of determining the value of any stock, options, warrants or 
other similar rights that may offset the Management Fee as described in paragraph 6.1(cXi), the following 
rules shall apply: 
All non-cash compensation in the form of stock received by any of the 
General Partner, the Management Company, or the managing members or managers of such entities shall 
be valued as of the time of receipt in accordance with the rules set forth in paragraph 12.1. 
(ii) 
All non-cash compensation in the form of options, warrants or other 
similar rights received by any of the parties shall be valued, in accordance with the rules set forth in 
paragraph 12.1, upon the earliest to occur of (a) the distribution to the Partners of any Securities 
underlying such options, warrants or other similar rights, (b) the conversion of such options, warrants or 
other similar rights into cash, (c) the date on which the Securities underlying such options, warrants or 
other similar rights become Marketable Securities (to the extent such options are exercisable at such time) 
or (d) the date that is, in the General Partner's reasonable estimation, one year prior to the date of 
dissolution of the Partnership. The value of options, warrants or other similar rights shall be, on a per 
share basis, the difference, as of the valuation date, between the exercise price and the fair market value of 
the securities on such date. No value shall be attributable to options, warrants or other similar rights if the 
applicable securities are of a portfolio company that has been written off or written down to a nominal 
amount as of the valuation date. 
ft} 
On a cumulative basis, after the application of other reductions of the 
Management Fee set forth in paragraph 6.1(c), the Management Fee shall be reduced by one hundred 
percent (100%) of any net placement fees, broker fees or similar charges payable with respect to the sale 
of interests to Limited Partners ("Placement Aaent Fees"). To the extent that the amount referred to in 
the preceding sentence exceeds the Management Fee, such excess shall be carried forward and, if not 
17. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808301
--- PAGE 26 ---
previously applied against such Management Fee, shall (notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, 
but subject to the Act) be paid by the General Partner to the Limited Partners upon liquidation of the 
Partnership. 
6.2 
Expenses. 
(a) 
From the Management Fee, the Management Company and the General Partner 
shall bear all normal operating expenses incurred in connection with the management of the Partnership, 
the General Partner and the Management Company, except for those expenses borne directly by the 
Partnership as set forth in subparagraphs (b), (c) and (d) below and elsewhere herein. Such normal 
operating expenses to be borne by the General Partner (or its designee) shall include, without limitation, 
expenditures on account of salaries, wages, travel, entertainment, and other expenses of employees, 
consultants and agents of the Partnership (other than consultants employed with respect to investments or 
proposed investments), the General Partner or the Management Company, overhead and rentals payable 
for space used by the General Partner (or its designee) or the Partnership, office expenses, expenses for 
clerical and consulting services, and expenses incurred in evaluating investment opportunities and 
managing investments of the Partnership. 
(b) 
The Partnership shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner 
and/or the Management Company in connection with the following: 
Expenses incurred in the holding, purchase, sale or exchange of 
Securities (whether or not ultimately consummated), including, but not by way of limitation, private 
placement fees, finder's fees, interest on borrowed money, real property or personal property taxes on 
investments (including documentary, recording, stamp and transfer taxes), brokerage fees or 
commissions, legal fees, expenses incurred in performing due diligence with respect to a purchase, sale or 
exchange of Securities (whether or not ultimately consummated), consulting fees relating to investments 
or proposed investments; and 
(ii) 
Expenses incurred in connection with the investigation, prosecution or 
defense of any claims by or against the Partnership, including claims by or against a governmental 
authority, audit and accounting fees, taxes applicable to the Partnership on account of its operations, fees 
incurred in connection with the maintenance of bank or custodian accounts, and all expenses incurred in 
connection with the registration of the Partnership's Securities under applicable securities laws or 
regulations, expenses incurred by the General Partner in serving as the tax matters partner (as described in 
paragraph 11.6), the Management Fee, the cost of liability and other premiums for insurance protecting 
the Partnership, the General Partner, its managers, and the Management Company and its managers and 
employees from liability to third parties that relates to the Partnership and its activities and investments, 
all out-of-pocket expenses of preparing and distributing reports to Partners, expenses associated with 
Partnership communications with Partners, including preparation of annual or other reports to the Limited 
Partners, out-of-pocket costs associated with Partnership meetings, all legal, audit and accounting fees 
relating to the Partnership and its activities (including, without limitation, for third party bookkeeping 
services), all costs and expenses arising out of the Partnership's indemnification obligation pursuant to 
this Agreement, and all expenses that are not normal operating expenses. 
(c) 
The Partnership shall bear all organizational and syndication costs, fees, and 
expenses incurred by or on behalf of the General Partner in connection with the formation and 
organization of the Partnership and the General Partner, including legal and accounting fees and expenses 
incident thereto (but not including any private placement fees, finder's fees or other similar fees paid to 
an independent third party in connection with the sale of interests in the Partnership); provided, however, 
18. 
147765658'14 
EFTA00808302
--- PAGE 27 ---
that the amount of such costs, fees and expenses that are borne by the Partnership shall not exceed in the 
aggregate five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000). 
(d) 
The Partnership shall bear all liquidation costs, fees, and expenses incurred by 
the General Partner (or its designee) in connection with the liquidation of the Partnership at the end of the 
Partnership's term, specifically including but not limited to legal and accounting fees and expenses. 
(e) 
Each of the Partnership and the General Partner agree to reimburse the other as 
appropriate to give effect to the provisions of this paragraph 6.2 in the event that either such party pays an 
obligation that is properly the responsibility of the other. 
ARTICLE 7 
WITHDRAWALS BY AND DISTRIBUTIONS TO THE PARTNERS 
7.1 
Interest. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no interest shall be paid to 
any Partner on account of its interest in the capital of or on account of its investment in the Partnership. 
7.2 
Withdrawals by the Partners. No Partner may withdraw any amount from its Capital 
Account unless such withdrawal is made pursuant to this Article 7, Article 10 or Article 13. 
7.3 
Partners' Obligation to Repay or Restore. Except as required by law or the terms of 
this Agreement, no Limited Partner shall be obligated at any time to repay or restore to the Partnership all 
or any part of any distribution made to it from the Partnership in accordance with the terms of this Article 
7. 
7.4 
Mandatory Distributions. 
(a) 
The General Partner may cause each Partner to be paid in cash, following the end 
of each fiscal year during the term of the Partnership, an amount equal to the net taxable income allocated 
to such Partner as a result of such Partner's ownership of an interest in the Partnership for the current 
fiscal year multiplied by the highest blended federal, state and local marginal income tax rate then 
applicable to an individual residing in any state of the United States applied by taking into account the 
character of the taxable income in question 
long-term capital gains, ordinary income, etc.) (such 
product, such Partner's "Annual Tax Amount'); provided, however, that the General Partner shall not be 
required to make any such distribution if the total amount to be distributed to all Partners is less than one 
million dollars ($1,000,000); provided, further, that for each fiscal year the amount distributed to any 
Partner pursuant to this paragraph 7.4(a) shall not exceed the amount by which (A) such Partner's 
cumulative aggregate Annual Tax Amounts for such fiscal year and all prior fiscal years exceeds (B) the 
cumulative aggregate cash distributions made to such Partner pursuant to paragraphs 7.4(a) and 7.5 
through the end of such fiscal year (and including all prior fiscal years). The provisions of this paragraph 
7.4 shall apply equally to all Partners, without regard to their tax-exempt status under the Code. 
(b) 
Subject to the maintenance of reasonable cash reserves (as determined and 
established at the discretion of the General Partner), within ninety (90) days of the end of each fiscal year, 
the General Partner shall distribute, in cash, to all Partners in proportion to their Partnership Percentages, 
an amount equal to the amount of net Ordinary Income, if any, allocated to each Partner's Capital 
Account during such fiscal year. 
19. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808303
--- PAGE 28 ---
7.5 
Discretionary Distributions and Rules Regarding Distributions. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 7.5(g), the General Partner may make 
a distribution of cash or Marketable Securities as follows. 
First, to the Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership 
Percentages such that each such Partner has received distributions pursuant to paragraph 7.4 and this 
paragraph 7.5(a)(i) in an amount equal to (but not greater than) such Partner's aggregate capital 
contributions (including all Fee Adjustment Amounts in the case of the General Partner), less the net 
Ordinary Losses, if any, previously allocated to such Partner pursuant to paragraph 5.2 (all measured as of 
the time the distribution is to be made); 
(ii) 
Second, until the cumulative amount distributed to each Limited Partner 
pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) is equal to three hundred percent (300%) of such 
Limited Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date of such distribution, such distribution shall be made 
to the Partners in the proportions necessary to cause cumulative distributions made pursuant to paragraph 
7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other than distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.5(a)(i)) to have 
been made: (1) eighty percent (80%) to all Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership 
Percentages and (2) twenty percent (20%) to the General Partner; 
(iii) 
Third, to the extent that the cumulative amount distributed to each 
Limited Partner pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) exceeds three hundred percent 
(300%) of such Limited Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date of such distribution, such 
distribution shall be made one hundred percent (100%) to the General Partner until the General Partner 
has received aggregate distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other 
than distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.5(aXi)) equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the 
cumulative distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other than 
distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.5(a)(i)); 
(iv) 
Fourth, until the cumulative amount distributed to each Limited Partner 
pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) is equal to six hundred percent (600%) of such 
Limited Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date of such distribution, such distribution shall be made 
to the Partners in the proportions necessary to cause cumulative distributions made pursuant to paragraph 
7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other than distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.5(a)(i)) to have 
been made: (1) seventy-five percent (75%) to all Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership 
Percentages and (2) twenty-five percent (25%) to the General Partner; 
(v) 
Fifth, to the extent that the cumulative amount distributed to each 
Limited Partner pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) exceeds to six hundred percent 
(600%) of such Limited Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date of such distribution, such 
distribution shall be made one hundred percent (100%) to the General Partner until the General Partner 
has received aggregate distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other 
than distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.5(a)(i)) equal to thirty percent (30%) of the cumulative 
distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other than distributions made 
pursuant to paragraph 7.5(a)(i)); and 
(vi) 
Sixth, such distribution shall be made: (1) seventy percent (70%) to all 
Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages and (2) thirty percent (30%) to the 
General Partner. 
20. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808304
--- PAGE 29 ---
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph 7.5(a), the General Partner may at any time waive a 
distribution of cash or Marketable Securities that would otherwise be made to it pursuant to paragraphs 
7.5(a)(ii) through 7.5(a)(vi) and instead make such distribution one hundred percent (100%) to all 
Partners in accordance with their respective Partnership Percentages; provided, however, that the 
Partnership may make subsequent distributions of cash to the General Partner to the extent of any such 
waived distribution at such times as the General Partner shall detennine. 
(c) 
Whenever more than one type of Marketable Securities is being distributed in 
kind in a single distribution or whenever more than one class of Marketable Securities of a portfolio 
company (or a portion of a class of such Marketable Securities having a tax basis per share or unit 
different from other portions of such class) are distributed in kind by the Partnership, each Partner shall 
receive its ratable portion of each type, class or portion of such class of Marketable Securities distributed 
in kind (except to the extent that a disproportionate distribution is necessary to avoid distributing 
fractional shares). 
(d) 
Marketable Securities distributed in kind pursuant to this paragraph 7.5, or 
Securities distributed pursuant to paragraph 10.4, shall be subject to such conditions and restrictions as 
the General Partner determines are legally required or appropriate. Whenever types or classes of 
Securities are distributed in kind, each Partner shall receive its ratable portion of each type or class of 
Securities distributed in kind. 
(e) 
Immediately prior to any distribution in kind, the Deemed Gain or Deemed Loss 
of any Marketable Securities distributed pursuant to this paragraph 7.5, or Securities distributed pursuant 
to paragraph 10.4, shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts of all Partners as Profit or Loss pursuant to 
Article 5. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event the 
Partnership distributes to the Partners any Marketable Securities or cash proceeds from the sale or other 
disposition of Securities or other property of the Partnership within one hundred eighty (180) days of the 
date the Partnership acquired the Securities of the applicable portfolio company, a portion of the 
distributed capital that represents the Partnership's original cost basis of such Securities shall be added 
back to the unfunded Capital Commitments of the Partners pro raw in accordance with the percentages in 
which the capital contributed to purchase such Securities of the applicable portfolio company and each 
Partner may be required to recontribute capital on the terms set forth in paragraph 4.2 to the Partnership 
an amount equal to the product of: (x) such Partner's Partnership Percentage; and (y) the Partnership's 
original cost basis of the Securities being distributed or which were sold or otherwise disposed of in 
connection with such distribution. 
(8) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this paragraph 7.5, no 
distribution shall be made to the General Partner to the extent it would create or increase a deficit in its 
Capital Account; provided, however, that the General Partner shall be entitled to receive a special 
distribution in an amount equal to the amount of any distribution otherwise foregone pursuant to this 
paragraph 7.5(g), to the extent that such special distribution would not create or increase a deficit in the 
General Partner's Capital Account. 
(h) 
All distributions of cash to be made by the Partnership, pursuant to paragraphs 
7.4 or 7.5 or otherwise, shall be made in U.S. dollars. 
21. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808305
--- PAGE 30 ---
7.6 
Withholding Obligations. 
(a) 
If and to the extent the Partnership is required by law (as determined in good 
faith by the General Partner) to make payments ("Tar Payments") with respect to any Partner in amounts 
required to discharge any legal obligation of the Partnership or the General Partner, including any 
obligation pursuant to FATCA, to make payments to any governmental authority with respect to any 
federal, state or local tax liability of such Partner arising as a result of such Partner's interest in the 
Partnership, then the amount of any such Tax Payments shall be deemed to be a loan by the Partnership to 
such Partner, which loan shall: (i) be secured by such Partner's interest in the Partnership; (ii) bear 
interest at the Prime Rate (as defined in paragraph 14.15); and (iii) be payable upon demand; provided, 
however, that the General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Partners notice 
of the amount of any anticipated Tax Payments in advance of the Partnership's payment thereof and will, 
upon written request from any Partner, allow such requesting Partner to pay the Partnership an amount of 
cash equal to the amount of such Tax Payments in lieu of treating any such Tax Payment as a loan. Each 
Limited Partner will, as applicable, take such actions as are required to establish to the reasonable 
satisfaction of the General Partner that the Limited Partner is (i) not subject to the withholding tax 
obligations imposed by Section 1471 of the Code and (ii) not subject to the withholding tax obligations 
imposed by Section 1472 of the Code. In addition, each Limited Partner will assist the Partnership and 
the General Partner with any applicable information reporting or other obligation imposed on the 
Partnership, the General Partner, or their respective Affiliates, pursuant to FATCA. For purposes of this 
Agreement, "FATCA" shall mean the Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions enacted as part of the 
U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act and codified in Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, all rules, regulations and other guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial 
interpretations thereof. 
(b) 
If and to the extent the General Partner determines that the Partnership is 
required to make any Tax Payments with respect to any distribution to a Partner, (i) the General Partner 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Partner advance notice of the amount of such 
anticipated Tax Payments and (ii) either (A) such Partner's proportionate share of such distribution shall 
be reduced by the amount of such Tax Payments (provided, however, that such Partner's Capital Account 
shall be adjusted pursuant to paragraph 14.5 for such Partner's full proportionate share of the 
distribution), or (B) such Partner shall pay to the Partnership prior to such distribution an amount of cash 
equal to such Tax Payments. In the event a portion of a distribution in kind is retained by the Partnership 
pursuant to clause (A), such retained Securities may, in the discretion of the General Partner, either (i) be 
distributed to the Partners in accordance with the terms of this Article 7 including this paragraph 7.6(b), 
or (ii) be sold by the Partnership to generate the cash necessary to satisfy such Tax Payments. If the 
Securities are sold, then for purposes of income tax allocations only under this Agreement, any gain or 
loss on such sale or exchange shall be allocated to the Partner to whom the Tax Payments relate. 
(c) 
If the Partnership is required to withhold taxes pursuant to this paragraph 7.6 
with respect to any Limited Partner or if any tax is required to be withheld on amounts receivable by the 
Partnership (including any tax required to be withheld by another party paying proceeds to the 
Partnership) and is attributable to any Limited Partner, the General Partner shall upon request by such 
Limited Partner use commercially reasonable efforts to provide any Limited Partner with such 
information and assistance as is reasonably necessary for such Limited Partner to obtain an exemption 
from or refund of such withheld amounts. 
22. 
147765658 44 
EFTA00808306
--- PAGE 31 ---
ARTICLE 8 
MANAGEMENT DUTIES AND RESTRICTIONS 
8.1 
Management. The General Partner shall have the sole and exclusive right to manage, 
control, and conduct the affairs of the Partnership and to do any and all acts on behalf of the Partnership, 
including exercise of rights to elect to adjust the tax basis of Partnership assets and to revoke such 
elections and to make such other tax elections as the General Partner shall deem appropriate. The General 
Partner is hereby authorized to enter, by itself or on behalf of the Partnership, into an agreement with 
Valar Ventures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company or another entity beneficially owned by the 
Managing Members and a Thiel Person (the "Management Company") for the provision of certain 
management, administrative, operational and other services with the respect to the Partnership on terms to 
be determined and agreed to by the General Partner, provided, however, that the General Partner shall 
remain ultimately responsible for the overall management of the Partnership and for its duties and 
responsibilities hereunder; provided, fi rther, that any such agreement that the Partnership enters with an 
Affiliate of the General Partner shall be on terms that are no less favorable to the Partnership than the 
terms that would be obtained from an independent third-party acting at arms' length. 
8.2 
No Control by the Limited Partners; No Withdrawal. No Limited Partner shall take 
part in the control or management of the affairs of the Partnership nor shall any Limited Partner have any 
authority to act for or on behalf of the Partnership or to vote on any matter relative to the Partnership and 
its affairs except as is specifically permitted by this Agreement. Except as specifically set forth in this 
Agreement, no Limited Partner shall withdraw or be required to withdraw from the Partnership. 
8.3 
Existing Funds; Follow-On Funds; Opportunity Fund; Parallel Funds. 
(a) 
Before the Successor Fund Eligible Date (as defined in paragraph 8.3(b) below), 
each of the Managing Members, for so long as they are managing members of the General Partner, shall 
devote substantially all of his business time to manage the affairs of the Management Company, the 
General Partner, the Partnership, the "Parallel Funds" (as defined below), and-the "Prior Funds" (as 
defined below), the "Opportunity Fund" (as defined below), those entities formed for the purpose of 
managing the foregoing, °rand any portfolio company or potential portfolio company of any of the 
foregoing or other entity invested in by the Partnership (which may include being seconded to a portfolio 
company or potential portfolio company or other entity invested in by the Partnership-era a Prior Fund or 
Opportunity Fund for such period of time as the General Partner determines, in good faith, may benefit 
the Partnership-e such Prior Fund, or Opportunity Fund as applicable). From and after the Successor 
Fund Eligible Date, each of the Managing Members, for so long as they are managing members of the 
General Partner, shall only be required to devote such business time as they reasonably and in good faith 
deem to be appropriate to manage the affairs of the Management Company, the General Partner, the 
Partnership, the Parallel Funds and the other aforementioned entities. 
Subject to the foregoing, the General Partner, the Management Company, the Managing Members, and 
their respective affiliates, members and employees may: 
Engage in or own an interest in any other business, partnership, limited 
liability company, limited liability partnership, corporation or other entity or association (including, 
without limitation, buying and selling securities for their own accounts and the accounts of Prior Funds 
and other investment vehicles, but subject in any event to the provisions of paragraph 8.4); 
(ii) 
Continue to act as managers, members, employees, or consultants to 
Valar Global Fund I LP, Valar Global Principals Fund I LP, Valar Global Fund II LP, Valar Global 
23. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808307
--- PAGE 32 ---
Principals Fund II LP, Valar Global Fund III LP, Valar Global Principals Fund III LP, Valar Ventures LP, 
VV Global LP, VV Global Principals LP, Valar Co-Invest I LP, Valar Co-Invest 2 LP and VV Xero 
Holdings LLC and to other entities affiliated therewith (collectively, the "Prior Funds"); 
(iii) 
Form and operate one (1) or more successor venture capital investment 
funds whose purpose is substantially the same as the Partnership's purpose (each, a "Successor Fund"), 
subject to the first sentence of paragraph 8.3(b); and/or 
(iv) 
Form and operate one or more Parallel Funds (as defined in paragraph 
8.3(c)):; and/or 
paragraph 8.3(b). 
Form and operate an Opportunity Fund, subject to provisions of 
(b) 
On or after the earlier of (i) such time as at least seventy-five percent (75%) of 
the Partnership's Committed Capital has been invested, committed or reserved for investment in portfolio 
companies, or applied, committed or reserved for Partnership working capital or expenses, or (ii) the end 
of the Commitment Period (such earlier time, the "Successor Fund Eligible Date"), the Managing 
Members shall only be required to devote such business time to the Partnership as they deem to be 
appropriate (acting reasonably and in good faith) and may, at their sole and absolute discretion, form and 
operate one or more Successor Funds. In addition, the General Partner, the Managing Members and/or 
their Affiliates may, at any time, form, operate and devote such business time as is reasonably necessary 
to the management of one or more "Special Purpose Investment Funds" described in paragraph 8.4(a). In 
addition, the Limited Partners acknowledge and agree that the Management Company may form an 
investment fund to participate (concurrently or otherwise) in later stage and other investment 
opportunities whose "pre-money" valuation exceeds the valuation at which the Partnership typically 
would invest, both in portfolio companies of the Partnership and otherwise (the "Opportunity Fund"). 
The general partner of an Opportunity Fund shall be an Affiliate of the General Partner or the 
Management Company. 
(c) 
Pursuant to paragraph 8.3(aXiv), the General Partner and the Managing Members 
may form and serve as general partner (or in a similar management role) of (i) one or more entities 
organized to accommodate the capital investment of the members of the General Partner and the 
Management Company and their employees or consultants and their respective families, and of other 
persons having strategic or other important relationships with the Partnership (each, an "Affiliates 
Fund"), and (ii) one or more investment partnerships or similar entities to accommodate the tax, 
regulatory or other special needs of investors who otherwise would invest as Limited Partners of the 
Partnership (together with any Affiliates Fund, the "Parallel Funds"). Each Parallel Fund (other than an 
Affiliates Fund) shall be governed by a limited partnership agreement (or other similar constitutive 
document) whose terms are substantially the same as this Agreement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Affiliates Fund may have different economic terms than the Partnership (including, without limitation, a 
reduced or waived management fee and/or carried interest in profits payable to its general partner or 
manager)). In the event that any Parallel Fund is formed, upon each purchase of Securities (other than 
short-term obligations such as money market instruments) by the Partnership, each Parallel Fund will 
simultaneously invest on the same terms as the Partnership pro rata in accordance with the remaining 
available capital of each such fund, and reflecting the reserve policies for each such fund (e.g. because 
Affiliate Funds may not charge management fees and thus may not reserve for them); provided, however, 
that a Parallel Fund shall not be required to make any such investment in a Security if the General Partner 
receives from the issuer thereof a written notice to the effect that the issuer will not permit such Parallel 
Fund to invest on the same terms as the Partnership or such investment would be prohibited by the terms 
of the governing agreement of such Parallel Fund. Each Parallel Fund shall also dispose of each such 
24. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808308
--- PAGE 33 ---
Security at substantially the same time and on substantially the same terms as the Partnership; provided, 
however, that the foregoing requirement shall not apply with respect to dispositions of Securities made in 
connection with the liquidation of the Partnership or a Parallel Fund; provided, further, that a Parallel 
Fund shall not be required to make any such divestment of a Security if the General Partner receives from 
the issuer thereof a written notice to the effect that the issuer will not permit such Parallel Fund to dispose 
of such Security on the same terms as the Partnership or such divestment would be prohibited by the 
terms of the governing agreement of such Parallel Fund. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement to the contrary, except as provided in paragraph 10.3(b), in no event shall the General Partner 
cause or permit the Partnership, or any Parallel Fund to make or dispose of an investment, or make a 
distribution of cash or property to the Partners, other than on a pan passu basis with all other such funds 
based on their respective amounts of committed capital from equityholders (determined as of all capital 
commitments were made at the same time). Each of the Limited Partners hereby consents and agrees to 
the foregoing activities and investments and further consents and agrees that neither the Partnership nor 
any of its Partners shall have any rights in or to such activities or investments, or any profits derived 
therefrom. 
8.4 
Investment Opportunities and Conflicts of Interest. 
(a) 
Each opportunity to invest at least one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) 
into a company that is presented to the Managing Members, for so long as they are managing members of 
the General Partner, and that otherwise meets the investment objectives of the Partnership (e.g., the 
potential investment is sufficiently large, the potential investment is not expected to require an inordinate 
portion of the Partnership's capital, the company is at an appropriate stage of development, the 
Partnership has sufficient capital available at the time the investment is to be made, etc.), shall be offered 
to the Partnership and each Parallel Fund in proportion to their relative available capital (measured as of 
the time of such presentation); provided, however, that (i) the preceding restriction shall only apply from 
and after the Commencement Date until the earlier of the end of the Commitment Period or the time at 
which a Successor Fund may be formed pursuant to the first sentence of paragraph 8.3(b) and (ii) any 
such opportunities may be allocated in whole to the Prior Funds or Opportunity Fund, or such 
opportunities may be allocated partially to the Partnership and the Parallel Funds and partially to the Prior 
Funds and Opportunity Fund, until the Prior Funds and Opportunity Fund have been fully invested and 
reserved for follow-on investments and expenses, as determined by the General Partner in its sole and 
absolute discretion. In furtherance of the foregoing, from and after the Commencement Date until the 
earlier of the end of the Commitment Period or the time at which a Successor Fund may be formed 
pursuant to the first sentence of paragraph 8.3(b), each of the General Partner and the Management 
Company shall require that the Managing Members and managers of such entities shall promptly present 
to the General Partner each investment opportunity that is presented to them and that is consistent with 
the investment objectives of the Partnership as described in this paragraph 8.4(a). 
Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this paragraph 8.4(a) or any other provision of this 
Agreement to the contrary, the restrictions described in this paragraph 8.4(a) shall not apply to the 
participation of any Affiliated Party in any investment opportunity with respect to which: (i) the 
applicable Affiliated Party's participation has been approved by the Advisory Committee; (ii) the 
applicable Affiliated Party or an Affiliate thereof (in each case, other than any investment fund managed 
thereby) has initially invested prior to the Initial Closing Date or pursuant to the other provisions of this 
paragraph 8.4(a) and/or paragraph 8.4(c); (iii) the General Partner has determined, in good faith, does not 
meet the investment objectives of the Partnership; or (iv) a Special Purpose Investment Fund has been 
formed. For the avoidance of doubt, the following shall automatically be deemed not to be investment 
opportunities of the Partnership (and may be invested in by the General Partner, any Affiliated Party, or 
any Affiliate or employee thereof or any investment fund managed thereby notwithstanding any provision 
of this Agreement to the contrary): (i) any investment opportunity in a company (including, without 
25. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808309
--- PAGE 34 ---
limitation, in the preferred stock of such company) that the General Partner has considered and has 
rejected as being unsuitable for the Partnership in accordance with the rules and procedures by which the 
General Partner makes investment decisions (Le., because the number of Managing Members required to 
approve the opportunity have considered the opportunity and rejected it as being unsuitable for the 
Partnership), so long as the Managing Members who rejected the opportunity and their respective 
Affiliates do not then participate in such opportunity; (ii) any investment opportunity with respect to 
which the Advisory Committee is asked to approve the Partnership's participation, but which the 
Advisory Committee does not so approve; (iii) any investment opportunity in a company that has a 
"pre-money valuation" greater than fivetwo hundred and fifty million dollars (U0250,000,000), as 
determined by the Management Company in its sole discretion, as of the date of the proposed investment 
(other than— llow on invoelmenic in companiet in which the Partnership already holt an eticting 
interest as of the-date-of-such-proposed-follow on-investment} and; (iv) any investment opportunity to be 
held by a Special Purpose Investment Fund; (v) any investment opportunity in a portfolio company of a 
Prior Fund, Successor Fund or Opportunity Fund; and (vi) any investment opportunity offered to a Prior 
Fund, Successor Fund or Opportunity Fund. 
A "Special Purpose Investment Fund' means an investment fund created by the General Partner or any 
Affiliated Party to invest in a specified investment opportunity, which meets the Partnership's investment 
objectives. A Special Purpose Investment Fund must meet the following criteria: (a) each Partner is 
provided the first opportunity (on at least seven (7) days advance notice) to invest in such special purpose 
investment fund on a pro rata basis determined by reference to the total of (x) the Partners' respective 
Capital Commitments and (y) the respective capital commitments that the constituent partners in any 
Parallel Funds have made to such Parallel Funds, and (b) such special purpose investment fund charges a 
carried interest and/or management fee that are no higher than those charged to the Partnership. No 
Special Purpose Investment Fund with aggregate capital commitments that exceed 30% of the amount of 
the aggregate combined Capital Commitments to the Partnership and the capital commitments of the 
Parallel Funds (the "Combined Capital Commitments") to the Partnership shall be formed or organized 
without the Advisory Committee's prior approval. 
(b) 
The term "Affiliated Party", as used herein, means any Managing Member, the 
General Partner, the Management Company, or any member, employee or Affiliate thereof; provided, 
however, that for all purposes under this Agreement, no Thiel Person shall be deemed to be an Affiliated 
Party. Notwithstanding paragraph 8.4(a), each Limited Partner hereby acknowledges and agrees that the 
General Partner may offer to other private investors, groups, partnerships or corporations (including, 
without limitation, any Limited Partner, and the Affiliates, members and employees of the foregoing 
parties and any Prior Funds—era Successor Funds or Opportunity Fund) the right to participate in 
investment opportunities of the Partnership or opportunities which may meet the investment objectives of 
the Partnership (as determined by the General Partner in good faith) whenever the General Partner, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, so determines; provided, however, that (4)-an Affiliated Party may only take 
or participate in investment opportunities meeting the investment objectives of the Partnership to the 
extent so provided in paragraphs 8.4(a) and 8.4(c)-and-00-stieli-inyestinent-eppertunityr  if-meeting-the 
efferecl-te-the-Partnership-befere-it-is-effered-te-any-ether-pany. 
(c) 
Until the earlier of the time that the Commitment Period ends or a Successor 
Fund may be formed pursuant to the first sentence of paragraph 8.3(b), each Affiliated Party or Affiliate 
thereof shall not be permitted to receive and keep any preferred stock, common stock, options or other 
similar instruments to purchase the same of any Partnership portfolio company without the consent of the 
Advisory Committee; provided, however, that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to an investment 
held through a Successor Fund or Prior Fund; provided, further, that the Affiliated Parties may, 
26. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808310
--- PAGE 35 ---
collectively, invest up to one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) into the Securities of any 
Partnership portfolio company that are not Marketable Securities. 
(d) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees that, the Partnership may invest in any 
company in which a Successor Fund-et, Prior Fund or Opportunity Fund (or any other investment fund 
managed by any of the General Partner, the Affiliated Parties or their Affiliates) holds an interest, 
whenever the General Partner, in its discretion, so determines that an investment in such company would 
be appropriate for the Partnership; provided, however, that witheut—the—eefisent—ef—tke—MMsecy 
Gemelitteer the-Partnerskip-may-ilet-make-an-investryfrent-efillefe-thea-five-millieri-delleEs-Essaheogyie 
any-sueh-eempany,In-additienr  without the consent of the Advisory Committee, the Partnership shall not 
invest in any company in which the Managing Members, the General Partner, the Management Company 
or any of their Affiliates hold a direct interest (i.e., an interest not held through a Successor Fund, Prior 
Fund, Opportunity Fund or other investment fund managed by any of the General Partner, the Affiliated 
Parties or their Affiliates). 
(e) 
Without the prior approval of the Advisory Committee, the Partnership may not 
purchase Securities from or sell Securities to the General Partner, any Parallel Fund or related entity, any 
Affiliated Party, any Thiel Person or an Affiliate thereof or any investment fund managed thereby; 
provided, however, that each Limited Partner hereby agrees that, following the final admission of Limited 
Partners pursuant to paragraph 3.2(b) the Partnership may purchase Securities from or sell Securities to 
one or more Parallel Funds at cost for the purpose of allocating then-existing Securities between such 
entities in proportion to their respective available capital. 
I 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees that: (i) an Affiliated Party, an Affiliate 
thereof or any member or employee of any of the foregoing, or any investment fund managed thereby 
may invest personally in Securities of any portfolio company where the Securities of such portfolio 
company are, at the time of such investment, Marketable Securities; provided that, the aggregate amount 
of any such investments in the same portfolio company may not exceed 2% of the aggregate cost basis of 
the Partnership's and Parallel Funds' investment(s) in such portfolio company; and (ii) any Successor 
Fund-era Prior Fund or Opportunity Fund (or other fund described in paragraph 8.3(b) to the extent the 
applicable investment does not meet the investment objectives of the Partnership) may invest in a 
portfolio company of the Partnership. 
(g) 
The General Partner shall use its reasonable best efforts to operate the 
Partnership in a manner that will not cause any Partner subject to Section 511 of the Code to recognize 
unrelated business taxable income under Section 512 of the Code or unrelated debt-financed income 
under Section 514 of the Code ("UBTf'); provided, however, that the Partnership may, subject to 
paragraph 8.4(n), borrow money pending the due date of a capital call so long as such borrowing would 
be repaid promptly following the delivery of capital due in connection with such capital call and would 
not create a material likelihood that any Limited Partner subject to Section 511 of the Code would incur 
UBTI. 
For so long as "equity participation" in the Partnership by "benefit plan 
investors" is "significant" (as such terms are defined in the DOL Regulations), (i) the General Partner 
shall use its reasonable best efforts to operate the Partnership such that it qualifies as a "venture capital 
operating company" under the DOL Regulations, (ii) at least 30 days prior to the end of the Partnership's 
"annual valuation period" (as such term is defined in the DOL Regulations), the General Partner shall 
deliver to each Limited Partner a certificate, prepared in consultation with counsel to the Partnership, 
which confirms that the Partnership qualifies as a venture capital operating company and will continue to 
qualify as a venture capital operating company immediately following the expiration of the annual 
valuation period and (iii) the General Partner shall notify each Limited Partner as promptly as practicable 
27. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808311
--- PAGE 36 ---
following any determination by the General Partner that there is a material likelihood that the Partnership 
has ceased to qualify as a venture capital operating company. 
The General Partner shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to: (w) avoid 
causing any Limited Partner, solely as a result of such Limited Partner's status as a limited partner in the 
Partnership, to be required to file income tax returns other than any return, certification or statement 
necessary to obtain a refund of or reduction in tax in any jurisdiction outside of the United States in 
connection with the Partnership's investment in any portfolio company organized or with its principal 
place of business or primary operations in such jurisdiction; (x) operate the Partnership in a manner that 
will not cause it to be engaged in a "trade or business within the United States" within the meaning of 
Section 864(b) of the Code; (y) avoid the Partnership realizing income that is or is treated as being 
"effectively connected" with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States for United States 
federal income tax purposes; and (z) prevent the Partnership from acquiring any interest in real property 
located in the United States for purposes of Section 897 of the Code or in any company that is at the time 
of such investment a "United States real property holding corporation" within the meaning of Section 
897(c) of the Code. 
After the General Partner has used commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the Partnership realizing 
income that is or is treated as being "effectively connected" with the conduct of a trade or business in the 
United States, if the General Partner has actual knowledge that a particular transaction will generate 
income "effectively connected" with a trade or business in the United States (within the meaning of the 
Code), or similar income in another country, the General Partner shall use reasonable best efforts to 
provide each Limited Partner with such information that is reasonably available to the General Partner 
and which such Limited Partner reasonably requests in order to file any federal, state or local tax return in 
the United States or such other country in which such income is generated. 
For transactions causing any Limited Partner, solely as a result of such Limited Partner's status as a 
limited partner in the Partnership, to be required to file income tax returns other than any return, 
certification or statement necessary to obtain a refund of or reduction in tax in any jurisdiction outside of 
the United States in connection with the Partnership's investment in any portfolio company organized or 
with its principal place of business or primary operations in such jurisdiction, the General Partner shall 
use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such Limited Partner with such information that is 
reasonably available to the General Partner and which such Limited Partner reasonably requests in order 
to file income tax return in such jurisdiction. 
(j) 
Without the prior approval of the Advisory Committee, the-Pannership-niefrnot 
invest more than five percent (5%) of the Pet4ftefship1/2 —Gemmiaed—C—apite4Combined Capital 
Commitments (determined on the basis of acquisition cost at the time of investment) may be invested by 
the Partnership and the Parallel Funds in a "blind pool" investment fund that is managed and controlled 
by an unaffiliated third party and that pays its manager performance based compensation. 
I 
I 
(k) 
Without the prior approval of the Advisory Committee, no more than twenty-five 
percent (25%) of the Partneishipls-agvegateCombined Capital Commitments (determined on the basis of 
acquisition cost at the time of investment) may be invested by the Partnership and the Parallel Funds in 
the Securities of, or loaned to, any one (I) portfolio company (including, for this purpose, the Affiliates of 
such portfolio company). 
Without the prior approval of the Advisory Committee, not more than fifteen 
percent (15%) of the PettnershiplsCombined Capital Commitments (determined on the basis of 
acquisition cost at the time of investment) may be invested by the Partnership and the Parallel Funds in 
28. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808312
--- PAGE 37 ---
Securities that are publicly traded, excluding Securities issued in a private offering by an issuer who then 
also has outstanding publicly-traded Securities. 
(m) 
Without the prior approval of the Advisory Committee and subject to paragraph 
8.4(g), the General Partner may not cause the Partnership to incur debt, or guaranty indebtedness of the 
Partnership's portfolio companies (and including, for this purpose, their respective Affiliates), in an 
aggregate amount exceeding the lesser of (A) ten percent (10%) of the Partnership's Capital 
Commitments (determined on the basis of acquisition cost at the time of investment) and (B) the amount 
of aggregate Capital Commitments of the Partners that have not been contributed to the Partnership as of 
the date of such debt or guaranty indebtedness; provided, however, that amounts borrowed by the 
Partnership pending the due date of a capital call, which are due to be, and are, fully repaid promptly 
following the delivery of capital from the Partners which was due in connection with such capital call 
shall not be treated as indebtedness of the Partnership for purposes of the limitation in this paragraph 
8.4(m). 
The cumulative aggregate cost basis of portfolio company investments made by 
the Partnership may not exceed one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the aggregate Capital 
Commitments of the Partners. 
ARTICLE 9 
INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION AND TRANSFER 
OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
9.1 
Investment Representation of the Limited Partners. This Agreement is made with 
each of the Limited Partners in reliance upon each Limited Partner's representation to the Partnership, 
which by executing this Agreement each Limited Partner hereby confirms, that its interest in the 
Partnership is to be acquired for investment, and not with a view to the sale or distribution of any part 
thereof, and that it has no present intention of selling, granting participation in, or otherwise distributing 
the same, and each Limited Partner understands that its interest in the Partnership has not been registered 
under the Securities Act and that any transfer or other disposition of the interest may not be made without 
registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an applicable exemption therefrom. Each Limited 
Partner further represents that it does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement, or arrangement with 
any person to sell, transfer, or grant participations to such person, or to any third person, with respect to 
its interest in the Partnership. 
9.2 
Qualifications of the Limited Partners. Each Limited Partner represents that it is an 
"accredited investor" within the meaning of that term as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act. 
9.3 
Transfer by General Partner. The General Partner shall not sell, assign, mortgage, 
pledge or otherwise dispose of its interest in the Partnership or in its capital assets or property without the 
prior written consent of Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners. Admissions of new members of 
the General Partner or the transfer of interests in the General Partner by its members shall not be deemed 
to be a sale or other disposition of the General Partner's interest in the Partnership for purposes of this 
paragraph 9.3; provided, however, that without the prior consent of a Majority in Interest of the Limited 
Partners, new members may not be admitted to the General Partner, and interests in the General Partner 
may not be transferred, to the extent that the effect of such admissions and transfers would result in fifty 
percent (50%) or more of the interests in the General Partner being owned by persons who are not 
Managing Members. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the General Partner make any 
29. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808313
--- PAGE 38 ---
transfer of an interest in the Partnership prohibited by the events described in paragraphs 9.5(a) through 
9.5(h). 
9.4 
Transfer by Limited Partner. No Limited Partner shall sell, assign, pledge, mortgage, 
or otherwise dispose of or transfer its interest in the Partnership, directly or indirectly, without the prior 
written consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or denied in the sole discretion of 
the General Partner (which consent shall not be required in the event of a transfer pursuant to the 
following sentence of this paragraph 9.4). Notwithstanding the foregoing, after delivery of the opinion of 
counsel hereinafter required by this Article 9 (provided, however, that the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, waive the requirement of an opinion of counsel), a Limited Partner may sell, assign, pledge, 
mortgage, or otherwise dispose of or transfer its interest in the Partnership, directly or indirectly, without 
such consent (a) to any entity directly or indirectly holding eighty percent (80%) or more of the 
ownership interests of the Limited Partner (including profits or other economic interests) or any entity of 
which eighty percent (80%) or more of the beneficial ownership (including profits or other economic 
interests) are held directly or indirectly by such entity, including any entity of which the Limited Partner 
holds, directly or indirectly, eighty percent (80%) or more of the beneficial ownership (including profits 
or other economic interests), (b) pursuant to a merger, plan of reorganization, sale or pledge of, or other 
general encumbrance on all or substantially all of the Limited Partner's assets, (c) as may be required by 
any law or regulation, (d) by testamentary disposition or intestate succession, (e) to a trust, profit sharing 
plan or other entity controlled by, or for the benefit of, such Limited Partner or one or more of its family 
members or (f) during the six (6) month period immediately following its admission as a Limited Partner, 
to an Affiliate entity that is also a Limited Partner where the sole purpose of such transfer is to adjust the 
relative holdings of such Affiliate and the original Limited Partner. A change in any trustee or fiduciary 
of the Limited Partner shall not be considered to be a transfer, sale, assignment, mortgage, pledge or other 
disposition under this paragraph 9.4, provided written notice of such change is given to the General 
Partner within a reasonable period of time after the effective date thereof. 
9.5 
Requirements for Transfer. No transfer or other disposition of the interest of the 
Limited Partner shall be permitted until the General Partner shall have received an opinion of counsel 
satisfactory to it (or waived such opinion requirement) that the effect of such transfer or disposition would 
not: 
(a) 
result in the Partnership's assets, or any portion thereof, being considered, in the 
opinion of counsel for the Partnership, as "plan assets" within the meaning of the DOL Regulations, or 
result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 4975 of the Code; 
(b) 
result in a violation of the Securities Act or any comparable state law; 
(c) 
require the Partnership to register as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
(d) 
require the Partnership, the General Partner, or any member of the General 
Partner to register as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended; 
(e) 
result in a termination of the Partnership's status as a partnership for tax 
purposes; 
result in a violation of any law, rule, or regulation by the Limited Partner, the 
Partnership, the General Partner, or any member of the General Partner; 
30. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808314
--- PAGE 39 ---
(g) 
cause the Partnership to be deemed to be a "publicly traded partnership" as such 
term is defined in Section 7704(b) of the Code; or 
(h) 
result in a violation of this Agreement. 
Such legal opinion shall be provided to the General Partner by the transferring Limited Partner or the 
proposed transferee. Any costs associated with such opinion shall be borne by the transferring Limited 
Partner or the proposed transferee. Upon request, the General Partner will use its good faith diligent 
efforts to provide any information possessed by the Partnership and reasonably requested by a 
transferring Limited Partner to enable it to render the foregoing opinion. Notwithstanding any provision 
of this Article 9 to the contrary, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, waive the requirement of 
an opinion of counsel provided for in this paragraph 9.5. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
herein, in no event shall the General Partner consent to any transfer of an interest in the Partnership, or 
waive the requirement of an opinion of counsel with respect to any transfer for which the consent of the 
General Partner is not required, if such transfer would, in the reasonable determination of the General 
Partner, result in any of the events described in paragraphs 9.5(a) through 9.5(h). Any transfer of an 
interest in the Partnership in violation of the requirements of paragraph 9.4 or this paragraph 9.5 shall be 
null and void ab initio. 
9.6 
Substitution as a Limited Partner. A transferee of a Limited Partner's interest pursuant 
to this Article 9 shall become a substituted Limited Partner only with the consent of the General Partner 
(which consent shall not be required in the event of a transfer pursuant to paragraph 9.4(f)) and only if 
such transferee (a) elects to become a substituted Limited Partner and (b) executes, acknowledges and 
delivers to the Partnership such other instruments as the General Partner may deem necessary or advisable 
to effect the admission of such transferee as a substituted Limited Partner, including, without limitation, 
the written acceptance and adoption by such transferee of the provisions of this Agreement. No 
assignment by a Limited Partner of its interest in the Partnership shall release the assignor from its 
liabilities to the Partnership, including but not limited to those liabilities enumerated in paragraph 4.2; 
provided, however if the assignee becomes a Limited Partner as provided in this paragraph 9.6, the 
assignor shall thereupon so be released (in the case of a partial assignment, to the extent of such 
assignment). 
9.7 
Expenses of Transfer. Any costs or expenses (including but not limited to reasonable 
attorneys' fees) incurred by the Partnership in connection with the transfer of a Partnership interest 
hereunder (including any costs associated with any opinion rendered pursuant to paragraph 9.5 above) 
shall be borne jointly and severally by the transferring Limited Partner and the proposed transferee. 
ARTICLE 10 
DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
10.1 
Extension of Partnership Term. Upon the Termination Date, or such subsequent dates 
to which the Partnership term has previously been extended pursuant to this paragraph 10.1, the General 
Partner in its sole discretion may extend the Partnership term for up to two (2) additional one (1) year 
periods and, thereafter and with the consent of a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners, for 
additional one (I) year periods thereafter. During any such one (I) year extension periods, the General 
Partner shall use its reasonable efforts to convert the Partnership's Nonmarketable Securities into 
Marketable Securities or cash, and all Securities that become Marketable Securities during such period or 
periods shall be promptly distributed by the Partnership. The General Partner shall not purchase the 
Securities of any new issuer in which the Partnership does not already hold an interest during such period; 
provided, however, that the General Partner may (a) purchase additional Securities of a portfolio company 
31. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808315
--- PAGE 40 ---
if it deems such a purchase to be in the best interests of the Partnership, and (b) exchange the Securities of 
a portfolio company for other Securities. The Management Fee for each fiscal quarter during an 
extension period (i) shall be an amount equal to the product of (A) the lower of (I) the cost basis of the 
portfolio company Securities held by the Partnership as of the first day of such fiscal quarter and (II) the 
fair market value of such Securities multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Percentage in effect as of the 
first day of such fiscal quarter (as determined under Article 6), and (ii) shall otherwise be governed by the 
provisions set forth in Article 6. 
10.2 
Early Termination of the Partnership. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall dissolve, and the affairs of the Partnership shall be wound 
up prior to the Termination Date (or such subsequent dates to which the Partnership term has previously 
been extended pursuant to paragraph 10.1): 
ninety (90) days after the withdrawal, bankruptcy, or dissolution of the 
General Partner, unless a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners elect to continue the Partnership 
within such ninety (90) day period; 
(ii) 
upon the election of Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners 
within sixty days (60) days of the delivery of the notice of Trigger Event; or 
(iii) 
at any time upon the election of Eighty Percent (80%) in Interest of the 
Limited Partners. 
(b) 
In the event that the Partnership is dissolved pursuant to the provisions of this 
paragraph 10.2, a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners shall elect one or more liquidators to 
manage the liquidation of the Partnership in the manner described in paragraphs 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5. 
10.3 
Winding Up Procedures. 
(a) 
Promptly upon dissolution of the Partnership (unless the Partnership is continued 
in accordance with this Agreement or the provisions of the Act), the affairs of the Partnership shall be 
wound up and the Partnership liquidated. The closing Capital Accounts of all the Partners shall be 
computed as of the date of dissolution as if the date of dissolution were the last day of an Accounting 
Period in accordance with Article 5, and then adjusted in the following manner: 
(I) 
All assets and liabilities of the Partnership shall be valued as of the date 
of dissolution. 
(ii) 
The Partnership's assets as of the date of dissolution shall be deemed to 
have been sold at their fair market values and the resulting Profit or Loss shall be allocated to the 
Partners' Capital Accounts in accordance with the provisions of Article 5. 
(b) 
Distributions during the winding up period may be made in cash or in kind or 
partly in cash and partly in kind; provided, however, that the General Partner or the liquidator, as the case 
may be, shall notify the Limited Partners at least ten (10) business days prior to making a distribution in 
kind pursuant to this paragraph 10.3(b). The General Partner or the liquidator shall use its best judgment 
as to the most advantageous time for the Partnership to sell Securities or to make distributions in kind. 
All cash and each Security distributed in kind after the date of dissolution of the Partnership shall be 
distributed ratably in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 4.2(d), if applicable, but otherwise in 
accordance with Article 7, unless such distribution would result in a violation of a law or regulation 
32. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808316
--- PAGE 41 ---
applicable to a Limited Partner, in which event, upon receipt by the General Partner of notice to such 
effect, such Limited Partner may designate a different entity to receive the distribution, or designate, 
subject to the approval of the General Partner (which may be withheld in the General Partner's sole 
discretion), an alternative distribution procedure (provided, however, that such alternative distribution 
procedure does not prejudice any of the other Partners). Each Security so distributed shall be subject to 
reasonable conditions and restrictions necessary or advisable, as determined in the reasonable discretion 
of the General Partner or the liquidator, in order to preserve the value of such Security or for legal 
reasons. 
10.4 
Payments in Liquidation. The assets of the Partnership shall be distributed in final 
liquidation of the Partnership in the following order: 
(a) 
to the creditors of the Partnership, including those Partners who are creditors of 
the Partnership, in the order of priority established by law, either by payment or by establishment of 
reserves; and 
(b) 
the balance, if any, to the General Partner and the Limited Partners as if such 
distributions were made pursuant to paragraph 7.4(b) and paragraph 7.5(a), as applicable; provided, 
however, that the General Partner shall be obligated to contribute to the Partnership an amount in cash, or 
Securities (previously distributed in kind from the Partnership) with a fair market value equal to the 
amounts the General Partner is obligated to pay back under paragraphs 10.5(a) and 10.5(b). 
10.5 
Return of Excess Distributions. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs 7.3 and 10.4, upon liquidation of the Partnership 
pursuant to this Article 10, the General Partner shall be required to pay back to the Partnership the 
amount by which the Carried Interest Distributions (as defined below) exceeds (i) in the event that the 
First Allocation Hurdle has not been met, 20% of the aggregate distributions made to the Partners 
pursuant to paragraphs 7.5(aXii)-(vi), (ii) in the event that the First Allocation Hurdle has been met but 
the Second Allocation Hurdle has not been met, 25% of the aggregate distributions made to the Partners 
pursuant to paragraphs 7.5(a)(ii)-(vi), or (iii) in the event that the Second Allocation Hurdle has been 
met, 30% of the aggregate distributions made to the Partners pursuant to paragraphs 7.5(a)(ii)-(vi). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner's payment obligation pursuant to this paragraph 
10.5(a) shall not exceed the After-Tax Distribution Amount (as defined below). For purposes of this 
paragraph 10.5: (i) the "Carried Interest Distributions" shall equal all distributions to the General Partner 
other than distributions made to the General Partner in respect of its Partnership Percentage (excluding 
amounts returned to the Partnership by the General Partner pursuant to paragraphs 4.2(d)(ii) prior to final 
liquidation of the Partnership); and (ii) the "After-Tax Distribution Amount" shall be equal to the Carried 
Interest Distributions, less the gross tax liabilities that the General Partner would have incurred on all 
allocations of taxable income (net of losses) made with respect to the General Partner's interest in the 
Company (other than the portion of its interest attributable to its Partnership Percentage and excluding 
allocations made pursuant to paragraph 5.1(a)(i)) if: (x) at all times the General Partner were subject to 
the highest blended federal, state and local marginal income tax rate then applicable to an individual 
residing in any state in the United States, applied by taking into account the character of the taxable 
income in question (i.e., long-term capital gains, ordinary income, etc.) (such tax rat; the "Applicable 
Tax Rate"); and (y) all such allocations resulted from fully taxable transactions, plus any tax benefit 
actually received by the General Partner in the year in which the General Partner is required to make a 
payment pursuant to this paragraph 10.5(a), as reasonably determined by the General Partner, which such 
tax benefit is attributable solely to the making of such payment and which benefit shall be determined 
after first taking all other items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit of the General Partner (or its 
direct or indirect owners) into account. In the event that the assets of the General Partner are insufficient 
33. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808317
--- PAGE 42 ---
to satisfy the obligation described in this paragraph 10.5(a), each Managing Member and managing 
member of the General Partner shall be severally liable for and shall personally guaranty his or her pro 
rata share of the General Partner's remaining obligation to the Partnership under this paragraph 10.5(a) by 
executing a written guaranty (in substantially the same form provided to the Limited Partners prior to the 
date first written above). The pro rata shares described in the preceding sentence shall be based on 
relative distributions received by each such Managing Member, or managing member of the General 
Partner, from the General Partner. The General Partner's operating agreement shall contain a provision 
requiring each newly-admitted managing member to personally guaranty his, her or its respective pro rata 
share of the General Partner's obligation under this paragraph 10.5(a) by executing a written guaranty (in 
substantially the same form provided to the Limited Partners prior to the date first written above) 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs 7.3 and 10.4, upon liquidation of the Partnership 
pursuant to this Article 10, but prior to the application of paragraph 10.5(a), the General Partner (or its 
designated Affiliate, as applicable) shall be required to pay back to the Partnership the amount by which 
the cumulative net distributions received by the General Partner (or its designated Affiliate, as applicable) 
in respect of its Partnership Percentage exceed the distributions the General Partner (or its designated 
Affiliate, as applicable) would have received in respect of its Partnership Percentage (treating all such 
distributions and related allocations as having taken place in one Accounting Period) if the Partnership 
Percentage of the General Partner (or its designated Affiliate, as applicable) for this purpose were equal to 
the Funded Percentage of the General Partner (or its designated Affiliate, as applicable). For purposes of 
this paragraph 10.5(b), the "Funded Percentage of the General Partner (or its designated Affiliate, as 
applicable) shall be a percentage equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is (1) the sum of (A) the cash 
capital contributions of the General Partner (or its designated Affiliate, as applicable) and (B) allocations 
of Profit (net of Loss) to the General Partner (or its designated Affiliate, as applicable) in respect of Fee 
Adjustment Amounts made pursuant to paragraph 5.1(aXi) and the denominator of which is (2) the sum 
of (A) the cash capital contributions of all Partners and (B) allocations of Profit (net of Loss) to the 
General Partner (or its designated Affiliate, as applicable) in respect of Fee Adjustment Amounts made 
pursuant to paragraph 5.1(a)(i); provided, however, that the amount of repayment described in this 
paragraph 10.5(b) shall be limited to the distributions received by the General Partner (or its designated 
Affiliate, as applicable) in respect of Fee Adjustment Amounts (other than amounts returned to the 
Partnership by the General Partner (or its designated Affiliate, as applicable) pursuant to paragraph 
4.2(d)(ii) prior to final liquidation of the Partnership) reduced by the gross tax liabilities that the General 
Partner would have incurred on all allocations of taxable income (net of losses) made pursuant to 
paragraph 5.1(a)(i) if: (x) at all times the General Partner were subject to the Applicable Tax Rate; and (y) 
all such allocations resulted from fully taxable transactions, plus any tax benefit actually received by the 
General Partner in the year in which the General Partner is required to make a payment pursuant to this 
paragraph 10.5(b), as calculated by the Partnership's accountants, which such tax benefit is attributable 
solely to the making of such payment and which benefit shall be determined after first taking all other 
items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit of the General Partner (or its direct or indirect owners) 
into account. In the event that the assets of the General Partner or its designated Affiliate are insufficient 
to satisfy the obligation described in the preceding sentence, all members of the General Partner or its 
designated Affiliate will on a several, but not joint, basis contribute capital to the General Partner or its 
designated Affiliate in an amount equal to each such member's pro rata share of the remaining obligation 
to the Partnership (based on the member's pro rata participation in any Cashless Contribution of any 
capital contributions to the Partnership). 
34. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808318
--- PAGE 43 ---
ARTICLE 11 
FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING, REPORTS AND MEETINGS 
11.1 
Financial Accounting; Fiscal Year. The books and records of the Partnership shall be 
kept in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and otherwise in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and shall be audited at the end of each fiscal year 
beginning with fiscal year 20168 by an independent public accountant selected by the General Partner. 
The Partnership's fiscal year shall be the calendar year. 
11.2 
Supervision; Inspection of Books. Proper and complete books of account of the 
Partnership, copies of the Partnership's federal, state and local tax returns for each fiscal year, the 
Schedule of Partners set forth in EXHIBIT A, this Agreement and the Partnership's Certificate of Limited 
Partnership shall be kept under the supervision of the General Partner at the principal office of the 
Partnership. Such books and records shall be open to inspection (including by email or other electronic 
means) by the Limited Partners, or their accredited representatives, at not less than three (3) business 
days' notice, at any reasonable time during normal business hours. 
11.3 
Quarterly Reports. The General Partner shall use reasonable best efforts to transmit to 
the Limited Partners, within sixty (60) days after the close of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal 
year beginning with fiscal year 20168, a list of investments then held, together with a valuation of the 
investments then held and unaudited financial statements of the Partnership, including a statement of 
capital accounts. 
I 
11.4 
Annual Report; Financial Statements of the Partnership. Beginning with fiscal year 
20168, the General Partner shall use reasonable best efforts to transmit to the Limited Partners within 
ninety (90) days after the close of the Partnership's fiscal year audited financial statements of the 
Partnership prepared in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and otherwise in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, including an income statement for the year then ended and a 
balance sheet as of the end of such year, a statement of changes in the Partners' Capital Accounts, and a 
list of investments then held. The financial statements shall be accompanied by a report from the General 
Partner to the Limited Partners, which shall include a status report on investments then heldr  a-summary 
ef-aequisitiens-aufl-elispesitions-ef-Mvestmenele-by-the-Pacmer-ship-during-tlie-rweeeding-quefter and 
a valuation of each such investment. 
11.5 
Website Based Reporting. The General Partner shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, 
to transmit the reports and statements described in paragraphs 11.3 and 11.4 (the "Subject Reports") to 
one or more Limited Partners solely by means of granting such Limited Partners access to a database or 
other forum hosted on a website designated by the General Partner (the "Reporting Site"), with such 
parameters regarding access and availability of information for review as the General Partner deems 
reasonably necessary to protect the confidentiality and proprietary nature of the information contained 
therein (including, but not limited to, establishing password protections for access to the Reporting Site 
and having such Subject Reports available for review for a restricted period of time (but in no event less 
than thirty (30) days from the date the Limited Partners are notified that such Subject Reports are posted 
on the Reporting Site)). The General Partner shall provide each Limited Partner to which it will transmit 
Subject Reports pursuant to this paragraph 11.5 notice of the first date on which a new Subject Report 
will be posted on the Reporting Site for such Limited Partner's review and shall either (i) make each 
Subject Report printable or (ii) upon written request by a Limited Partner, deliver a mailed copy of the 
Subject Report to such Limited Partner. Unless the General Partner exercises its discretion pursuant to 
and in compliance with paragraph 15.15(c) to restrict access to certain Confidential Information that may 
be included in a Subject Report posted on the Reporting Site, the Subject Reports posted on the Reporting 
35. 
147765658 v-14 
EFTA00808319
--- PAGE 44 ---
Site shall contain all of the material information included in those Subject Reports transmitted to Limited 
Partners other than pursuant to this paragraph 11.5 and shall be print-capable. The Subject Reports shall 
be posted on the Reporting Site within the same number of days after the end of the applicable fiscal 
quarter or Fiscal Year as is required pursuant to paragraphs 11.3 and 11.4. 
11.6 
Annual Meeting. 
Unless a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners 
Annual-Meeting. Aagree otherwise, a meeting of the Partners shall be held annually from the year of 
20168. Such annual meeting may be held at the principal office of the Partnership (unless otherwise 
designated by the General Partner) or be held by conference call as determined by the General Partner. 
11.7 
Tax Returns. 
(a) 
The General Partner shall endeavor to cause the Partnership's estimated federal, 
state and local tax returns, IRS Form 1065, Schedule K-1 and any other tax information reasonably 
requested by a Limited Partner to be prepared and delivered to the Limited Partners within ninety (90) 
days after the close of the Partnership's fiscal year. 
I 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees and covenants that it shall not make an 
election under Section 732(d) of the Code with respect to property distributed to it by the Partnership 
without the prior written consent of the General Partner. The General Partner may, but shall not be 
obligated to, cause the Partnership to make an election under Section 754 of the Code or an election to be 
treated as an "electing investment partnership" within the meaning of Section 743(e) of the Code. If the 
Partnership elects to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited Partner shall (i) 
reasonably cooperate with the Partnership to maintain such status, (ii) shall not take any action that would 
be reasonably inconsistent with such election, (iii) provide the General Partner with any information 
necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with its obligations to make tax basis adjustments under 
Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and its tax reporting and other obligations as an electing investment 
partnership, and (iv) provide the General Partner and any such Limited Partner's transferee (if applicable), 
promptly upon request, with the information cequir-ed-imdet--Seetien-603-1-(4)-ef-the-C-ede-er--ethefwise-te 
be-fiffnislieti-te-the-Papinefship-er-suelv-IffinsfeFeer iaeluding-suell-infematieit-as-is-reasenebly-necessary 
to enable the Partnership and such transferee to compute the amount of losses disallowed under Section 
743(e) of the Code, but in no event shall such Limited Partner be required to provide such information 
prior to its receipt of its Schedule K-1 for such taxable year, except to the extent of information, if any, 
required by the Partnership to complete its Schedule K-Is. Whether or not the Partnership makes such 
election, promptly upon request, each Limited Partner shall provide the General Partner with any 
information related to such Partner reasonably necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with (i) its 
obligations to make tax basis adjustments under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and (ii) any other tax 
reporting obligations of the Partnership. 
11.8 
Tax Matters Partner. 
itn 
The General Partner shall be the Partnership's tax matters partner under the Code 
and under any comparable provision of state law. The General Partner shall have the right to resign as tax 
matters partner by giving thirty (30) days' written notice to each Partner. Upon such resignation a 
successor tax matters partner shall be selected by a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners. The tax 
matters partner shall employ experienced tax counsel to represent the Partnership in connection with any 
audit or investigation of the Partnership by the Internal Revenue Service and in connection with all 
subsequent administrative and judicial proceedings arising out of such audit. If the tax matters partner is 
required by law or regulation to incur fees and expenses in connection with tax matters not affecting all 
the Partners, then the Partnership shall be entitled to reimbursement from those Partners on whose behalf 
such fees and expenses were incurred. The tax matters partner shall keep the Partners informed of all 
36. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808320
--- PAGE 45 ---
administrative and judicial proceedings, as required by Section 6223(g) of the Code, and shall furnish to 
each Partner, if such Partner so requests in writing, a copy of each notice or other communication 
received by the tax matters partner from the Internal Revenue Service, except such notices or 
communications as are sent directly to such requesting Partner by the Internal Revenue Service. The 
relationship of the tax matters partner to the Limited Partners is that of a fiduciary, and the tax matters 
partner has fiduciary obligations to perform its duties as tax matters partner in such manner as will serve 
the best interests of the Partnership and all of the Partnership's Partners. To the fullest extent permitted 
by law, but subject to the limitations and exclusions of paragraph 15.4, the Partnership agrees to 
indemnify the tax matters partner and its agents and save and hold them harmless, from and in respect to 
all (a) fees, costs and expenses in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, or demand against 
the tax matters partner, the General Partner or the Partnership that arise out of or in any way relate to the 
tax matters partner's status as tax matters partner for the Partnership, and (b) all such claims, actions, and 
demands and any losses or damages therefrom, including amounts paid in settlement or compromise of 
any such claim, action, or demand. 
ffl 
For fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 2017 (or if the 
effective date of Section 1101 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 is extended, such later extended 
date): (i) the General Partner shall be designated the "partnership representative" within the meaning of 
Code Section 6223(a) (the "Partnership Representative') and the General Partner shall be authorized to 
take any actions necessary under Treasury Regulations or other guidance to cause the General Partner to 
be designated as such; (ii) the Partnership and each Partner agree that they shall be bound by the actions 
taken by the Partnership Representative, as described in Code Section 6223(b); (iii) the Partners consent 
to the election set forth in Code Section 6226(a) and agree to take any action, and furnish the General 
Partner with any information necessary, to give effect to such election if the General Partner decides to 
make such election; (iv) any imputed underpayment imposed on the Partnership pursuant to Code Section 
6232 (and any related interest, penalties or other additions to tax) that the General Partner reasonably 
determines is attributable to one or more Partners shall be promptly paid by such Partners to the 
Partnership (pro rata in proportion to their respective shares of such underpayment) within fifteen days 
following the General Partner's request for payment (and any failure to pay such amount shall result in a 
subsequent reduction in distributions otherwise payable to such Partner plus interest on such amount 
calculated at the Prime Rate plus two percent (2%)) and/or shall constitute an event of default subject to 
the terms of paragraph 4.5); provided, that in making the determination of which Partners (including 
former Partners) any such imputed underpayment is attributable to, the General Partner will allocate any 
imputed underpayment imposed on the Partnership (and any related interest, penalties, additions to tax 
and audit costs) among the Partners in good faith taking into account each Partner's particular status, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, a Partner's tax-exempt status; and (v) paragraphs 11.8(a), 15.3 and 
15.4 shall apply to the General Partner in its capacity as Partnership Representative. Any references to 
Code Sections set forth in this paragraph 11.8(b) refer to those Sections as in effect for fiscal years of the 
Partnership beginning after December 31, 2017. Regarding the potential obligation of a former Partner 
under this paragraph, the following shall apply: (i) each Partner agrees that notwithstanding any other 
provision in this Agreement if it is no longer a Partner it shall nevertheless be obligated for any 
responsibilities under this paragraph as if it were a Partner at the time of demand hereunder; and (ii) the 
General Partner will not consent to the Transfer of interest of any Limited Partner unless the transferee 
receiving such interest agrees that in the event the transferor of such interest does not fulfill its obligation 
under the preceding clause (i) within 20 Business Days following written demand by the General Partner, 
such transferee shall be jointly and severally liable with such transferor for such obligation and the 
General Partner may thereafter treat the transferee as the relevant Partner for purposes of this paragraph. 
37. 
147765658 v.14 
EFTA00808321
--- PAGE 46 ---
11.9 
Partnership Funds. Cash held by the Partnership shall be promptly deposited into an 
account in a reputable bank or financial institution (as determined by the General Partner in its reasonable 
discretion). 
ARTICLE 12 
VALUATION; ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
12.1 
Valuation. Subject to the specific standards set forth below, the valuation of Securities 
and other assets and liabilities under this Agreement shall be at fair market value. Except as may be 
required under applicable Treasury Regulations, no value shall be placed on the goodwill or the name of 
the Partnership in determining the value of the interest of any Partner or in any accounting among the 
Partners. 
(a) 
The following criteria shall be used for determining the fair market value of 
Securities: 
If traded on one or more securities exchanges or the NASDAQ National 
Market System, the value shall be deemed to be the Securities' closing price on the principal of such 
exchanges on the valuation date. 
(ii) 
If actively traded over the counter (other than on the NASDAQ National 
Market System), the value shall be deemed to be the closing price of such Securities on the valuation date. 
(iii) 
If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market 
value thereof, as determined by the General Partner, taking into consideration the purchase price of the 
Securities, developments concerning the investee company subsequent to the acquisition of the Securities, 
any financial data and projections of the investee company provided to the General Partner, and such 
other factor or factors as the General Partner may deem relevant. 
(b) 
If the General Partner in good faith determines that, because of special 
circumstances, the valuation methods set forth in this Article 12 do not fairly determine the value of a 
Security, the General Partner shall make such adjustments or use such alternative valuation method as it 
deems appropriate. 
(c) 
The General Partner shall have the power at any time to determine, for all 
purposes of this Agreement, the fair market value of any assets and liabilities of the Partnership, subject 
to paragraph 12.1(d). 
(d) 
If within thirty (30) days of receipt of a proposed valuation established by the 
General Partner pursuant to this paragraph 12.1, the Advisory Committee notifies the General Partner of 
an objection to such proposed valuation, then, if the General Partner and the Advisory Committee cannot 
otherwise mutually agree on the valuation, the General Partner and the Advisory Committee may each 
appoint an independent securities expert to render a valuation, and the average of such experts valuations 
shall be adopted as the Partnership's valuation. The fees and expenses of any expert retained in 
accordance with this paragraph 12.1(d) shall be borne by the Partnership. 
12.2 
Advisory Committee. The General Partner will appoint an Advisory Committee (the 
"Advisory Committee") that will serve as such for the Partnership and the Parallel Funds and shall consist 
of no less than three (3) and no more than seven (7) representatives of the Limited Partners and 
constituent limited partners of Parallel Funds selected by the General Partner from time to time in its 
38. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808322
--- PAGE 47 ---
reasonable judgment; provided, however, that any Limited Partner that is an Affiliate of the General 
Partner, the Management Company, any Managing Member or any of their respective members, 
employees or Affiliates may not be appointed to be a member of the Advisory Committee. The General 
Partner may remove any member of the Advisory Committee at any time in its sole and absolute 
discretion; provided, fitethefhowever, that if the General Partner affirmatively removes from the Advisory 
Committee a representative of a Limited Partner crent-sepeing-en-theadvisepy-Getimitteewho has been 
granted a right to appoint such representative, other than for conduct that the General Partner determines 
in its reasonable discretion, is harmful to the Partnership or a Parallel Fund, then such Limited Partner 
shall be entitled to appoint a replacement member of the Advisory Committee who is reasonably 
acceptable to the General Partner. The duties of the Advisory Committee will include: (a) consideration 
of any approvals sought by the General Partner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (b) upon request 
by the General Partner, advising with respect to all matters pertaining to conflicts of interest by the 
Partnership, the General Partner or any of the members of the General Partner; and (c) such advice and 
counsel as is requested by the General Partner in connection with the Partnership's investments and other 
Partnership matters. However, subject to paragraph 12.1(d), the General Partner will retain ultimate 
responsibility for asset valuations and for making all investment decisions. 
The Partnership will 
reimburse each member for his or her reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. All actions, consents or 
approvals of the Advisory Committee shall require a majority of its members serving at the time such 
action, consent or approval is taken, which actions, consents or approvals may be carried out by 
telephone, facsimile or electronic mail or other means reasonably acceptable to the General Partner. 
ARTICLE 13 
PARTNERS SUBJECT TO SPECIAL REGULATION 
13.1 
ERISA Partners. 
(a) 
Each Limited Partner that is, or whose equity interests are at least partially owned 
by, a "benefit plan investor" within the meaning of, and subject to the provisions of, ERISA, (each, an 
"ERISA Partner") hereby (i) acknowledges that it is its understanding that neither the Partnership, the 
General Partner, nor any of the Affiliated Entities of the General Partner, are "fiduciaries" of such 
Limited Partner within the meaning of ERISA by reason of the Limited Partner investing its assets in, and 
being a Limited Partner of, the Partnership; (ii) acknowledges that it has been informed of and 
understands the investment objectives and policies of, and the investment strategies that may be pursued 
by, the Partnership; (iii) acknowledges that it is aware of the provisions of Section 404 of ERISA relating 
to the requirements for investment and diversification of the assets of employee benefit plans and trusts 
subject to ERISA; (iv) represents that it has given appropriate consideration to the facts and 
circumstances relevant to the investment by that ERISA Partner's plan in the Partnership and has 
determined that such investment is reasonably designed, as part of such portfolio, to further the purposes 
of such plan; (v) represents that, taking into account the other investments made with the assets of such 
plan, and the diversification thereof, such plan's investment in the Partnership is consistent with the 
requirements of Section 404 and other provisions of ERISA; (vi) acknowledges that it understands that 
current income will not be a primary objective of the Partnership; and (vii) represents that, taking into 
account the other investments made with the assets of such plan, the investment of assets of such plan in 
the Partnership is consistent with the cash flow requirements and funding objectives of such plan. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding any provision contained herein to the contrary, each ERISA 
Partner may elect to withdraw from the Partnership, or upon demand by the General Partner shall 
withdraw from the Partnership, at the time and in the manner hereinafter provided, if either the ERISA 
Partner or the General Partner shall obtain an opinion of counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably 
acceptable to both the ERISA Partner and the General Partner) to the effect that, as a result of applicable 
39. 
147765658 44 
EFTA00808323
--- PAGE 48 ---
statutes, regulations, case law, administrative interpretations, or similar authority (i) the continuation of 
the ERISA Partner as a Limited Partner of the Partnership or the conduct of the Partnership will result, or 
there is a material likelihood the same will result, in a material violation of ERISA, or (ii) all or any 
portion of the assets of the Partnership constitute assets of the ERISA Partner and are subject to the 
provisions of ERISA to substantially the same extent as if owned directly by the ERISA Partner. In the 
event of the issuance of such opinion of counsel, a copy of such opinion shall be given to all the ERISA 
Partners, together with the written notice of the election of the ERISA Partner to withdraw or the written 
demand of the General Partner for withdrawal, whichever the case may be. Thereupon, unless within 
ninety (90) days after receipt of such written notice and opinion the General Partner is able to eliminate 
the necessity for such withdrawal to the reasonable satisfaction of the ERISA Partner and the General 
Partner, whether by correction of the condition giving rise to the necessity of the ERISA Partner's 
withdrawal, or the amendment of this Agreement, or otherwise, such ERISA Partner shall withdraw its 
entire interest in the Partnership, such withdrawal to be effective upon the last day of the fiscal quarter 
during which such ninety (90) day period expired. 
(c) 
The withdrawing ERISA Partner shall be entitled to receive within ninety (90) 
days after the date of such withdrawal an amount equal to the amount of such Partner's Capital Account 
as of the effective date of such withdrawal. 
(d) 
Any distribution or payment to a withdrawing ERISA Partner pursuant to this 
paragraph may, in the sole discretion of the General Partner, be made in cash, in securities, in the form of 
a promissory note, the terms of which shall be mutually agreed upon by the General Partner and the 
withdrawing ERISA Partner, or any combination thereof. 
Any valuation necessary for the purposes of a distribution or payment to a 
withdrawing ERISA Partner pursuant to this paragraph shall be made by the General Partner in good faith 
pursuant to paragraph 12.1. 
13.2 
Governmental Plan Partners. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, any Limited Partner that is either a "governmental plan" as defined in Title 29, Section 
1002(32) of the United States Code or an employee benefit plan subject to Governmental Plan 
Regulations (a "Governmental Plan Partner") may elect to withdraw from the Partnership, or upon 
demand by the General Partner shall withdraw from the Partnership, if either the Governmental Plan 
Partner or the General Partner shall obtain an opinion of counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably 
acceptable to both the Governmental Plan Partner and the General Partner) to the effect that the 
Governmental Plan Partner, the Partnership, or the General Partner would be in violation, or there is a 
material likelihood the same would result, of any Governmental Plan Regulation, as a result of the 
Governmental Plan Partner continuing as a Limited Partner, and, in the case of an opinion obtained by the 
General Partner, that such violation would have a material adverse effect on the General Partner or the 
Partnership. In the event of the issuance of the opinion of counsel referred to in the preceding sentence, 
the withdrawal of and disposition of the Governmental Plan Partner's interest in the Partnership shall be 
governed by paragraph 13.1 of the Agreement, as if the Governmental Plan Partner were an ERISA 
Partner. 
13.3 
Private Foundation Partners. Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement to the 
contrary, any Limited Partner that is, or whose equity interests are at least partially owned by, a "private 
foundation" as described in Section 509 of the Code (a "Private Foundation Partner"), may elect to 
withdraw from the Partnership, or upon demand by the General Partner shall withdraw from the 
Partnership, if either the Private Foundation Partner or the General Partner shall obtain an opinion of 
counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to both the Private Foundation Partner and the 
General Partner) to the effect that such withdrawal is necessary in order for the Private Foundation 
40. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808324
--- PAGE 49 ---
Partner to avoid (a) excise taxes imposed by Subchapter A of Chapter 42 of the Code (other than Sections 
4940 and 4942 thereof), or (b) a material breach of the fiduciary duties of its trustees under any federal or 
state law applicable to private foundations or any rule or regulation adopted thereunder by any agency, 
commission, or authority having jurisdiction. In the event of the issuance of the opinion of counsel 
referred to in the preceding sentence, the withdrawal of and disposition of the Private Foundation 
Partner's interest in the Partnership shall be governed by paragraph 13.1, as if the Private Foundation 
Partner were an ERISA Partner. 
ARTICLE 14 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
14.1 
Accounting Period. An Accounting Period shall be (a) a calendar year if there are no 
changes in the Partners' respective interests in the Profits or Losses of the Partnership during such 
calendar year except on the first day thereof, or (b) any other period beginning on the first day of a 
calendar year, or any other day during a calendar year upon which occurs a change in such respective 
interests, and ending on the last day of a calendar year, or on the day preceding an earlier day upon which 
any change in such respective interests shall occur. 
14.2 
Adjusted Asset Value. The Adjusted Asset Value with respect to any asset shall be the 
asset's adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes, except as follows: 
(a) 
The initial Adjusted Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Partner to the 
Partnership shall be the gross fair market value of such asset at the time of contribution, as determined by 
the contributing Partner and the Partnership. 
(b) 
In the discretion of the General Partner, the Adjusted Asset Values of all 
Partnership assets may be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair market values, as determined by the 
General Partner, and the resulting unrealized profit or loss allocated to the Capital Accounts of the 
Partners pursuant to Article 5, as of the following times: (i) upon distribution by the Partnership to a 
Partner of more than a de minimis amount of Partnership assets, unless all Partners receive simultaneous 
distributions of either undivided interests in the distributed property or identical Partnership assets in 
proportion to their interests in Partnership distributions as provided in paragraphs 7.4, 7.5 and 7.6, and (ii) 
the grant of an additional interest in the Partnership by any new or existing Partner. 
(c) 
The Adjusted Asset Values of all Partnership assets shall be adjusted to equal 
their respective gross fair market values, as determined by the General Partner, and the resulting 
unrealized profit or loss allocated to the Capital Accounts of the Partners pursuant to Article 5, as of the 
termination of the Partnership either by expiration of the Partnership's term or the occurrence of an event 
described in paragraph 10.2. 
14.3 
Adjusted Capital Account Balance. The Adjusted Capital Account Balance for each 
Partner shall be equal to the balance in the Partner's Capital Account as of the end of the relevant 
Accounting Period, after giving effect to the following adjustments: 
(a) 
Credit to such Capital Account any amounts which the Partner is obligated to 
restore (calculated as if all assets of the Partnership were sold for their Adjusted Asset Values and the 
Partnership were in liquidation), including, without limitation, amounts described in paragraph 10.5, or 
is deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentence of Treasury Regulations Section 
1.704-1(b)(4)(ivXf); and 
41. 
147765658 v►4 
EFTA00808325
--- PAGE 50 ---
(b) 
Debit 
to 
such 
Capital 
Account 
the 
items 
described 
in 
Sections 
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(dX5), and 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(dX6) of the Treasury Regulations. 
14.4 
Affiliate. An Affiliate of any person shall mean (a) any person that directly, or indirectly 
through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by or is under common control with the 
person specified or (b) such person's family members within the same line of direct consanguinity or a 
first degree of collateral consanguinity; provided, however, that for all purposes under this Agreement, no 
Thiel Person shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of any Managing Member, the General Partner or the 
Management Company. 
14.5 
Capital Account. The Capital Account of each Partner shall consist of its original 
capital contribution, (a) increased by any additional capital contributions, its share of income or gain that 
is allocated to it pursuant to this Agreement, and the amount of any Partnership liabilities that are 
assumed by it or that are secured by any Partnership property distributed to it, and (b) decreased by the 
amount of any distributions to or withdrawals by it, its share of expense or loss that is allocated to it 
pursuant to this Agreement, and the amount of any of its liabilities that are assumed by the Partnership or 
that are secured by any property contributed by it to the Partnership. The foregoing provision and the 
other provisions of this Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to 
comply with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2Xiv), and shall be interpreted and applied in a 
manner consistent with such Regulations. In the event the General Partner shall determine that it is 
prudent to modify the manner in which the Capital Accounts, or any debits or credits thereto, are 
computed in order to comply with such Regulations, the General Partner may make such modification, 
provided, however, that it is not likely to have more than an insignificant effect on the total amounts 
distributable to any Partner pursuant to Article 7 and Article 10. 
14.6 
Capital Commitment; Committed Capital. A Partner's Capital Commitment shall 
mean the amount that such Partner has agreed to contribute to the capital of the Partnership as set forth 
opposite such Partner's name on its EXHIBIT A hereto. The Partnership's Committed Capital shall equal 
the sum of the aggregate Capital Commitments of all Partners. 
14.7 
Code. The Code is the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (or 
any corresponding provisions of succeeding law). 
14.8 
Deemed Gain or Deemed Loss. The Deemed Gain from any in kind distribution of 
Securities shall be equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the Securities distributed (valued 
as of the date of distribution in accordance with paragraph 12.1), over the aggregate Adjusted Asset Value 
of the Securities distributed. The Deemed Loss from any in kind distribution of Securities shall be equal 
to the excess, if any, of the aggregate Adjusted Asset Value of the Securities distributed over the fair 
market value of the Securities distributed (valued as of the date of distribution in accordance with 
paragraph 12.1). 
14.9 
Reserved. 
14.10 Marketable; Marketable Securities; Marketability. 
These terms shall refer to 
Securities that are (i) (A) traded on a national securities exchange or over the counter or (B) currently the 
subject of an effective Securities Act registration statement, (ii) not subject to underwriter "lockup" or 
other contractual restrictions and (iii) may be sold by each distributee Limited Partner without restriction 
under applicable securities laws of the United States or the applicable laws of the jurisdiction of the 
exchange on which such Securities are actively traded (other than volume limitations imposed under 
Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 144 or similar volume limitations imposed by another 
jurisdiction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Security shall not be deemed to be a Marketable Security 
42. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808326
--- PAGE 51 ---
if, in the good faith judgment of the General Partner, the market on which such Security trades is not 
adequate to permit an orderly sale of all shares of such Security held by the Partnership within a 
reasonable time period. 
14.11 Nonma rketa hie Securities. Nonmarketable Securities are all Securities other than 
Marketable Securities. 
14.12 Ordinary Income or Ordinary Loss. Ordinary Income or Ordinary Loss shall be an 
amount computed for each Accounting Period as of the last day thereof that is equal to the sum of all 
income received by the Partnership during such Accounting Period from the investment of idle funds in 
Short-Term Securities. 
14.13 Partnership Percentage. The Partnership Percentage for each Partner shall be equal to 
the Capital Commitment of such Partner stated as a percentage of the aggregate Capital Commitments of 
the Partnership, and shall be set forth opposite each Partner's name on its EXHIBIT A hereto. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Partnership Percentage of the General Partner shall not be reduced by any Fee 
Adjustment Amounts. 
14.14 Percentage in Interest; Majority in Interest. A specified fraction or percentage in 
interest of the Partners or of the Limited Partners shall mean those partners or limited partners of the 
Partnership and the Parallel Funds whose Capital Commitments to the Partnership and capital 
commitments to the Parallel Funds, stated as a percentage of the aggregate capital commitments of the 
Partnership and all of the Parallel Funds, equal or exceed the required fraction or percentage in interest of 
all such partners or limited partners. A Majority in Interest shall mean more than fifty percent (50%) in 
interest. 
Any limited partnership interest owned or controlled by the General Partner, the Management 
Company, the Managing Members or any of their employees or Affiliates shall be deemed not to be 
outstanding for purposes of any determination under this Agreement of a particular percentage in interest 
of the Limited Partners and shall be excluded from voting in any vote taken or consent granted by the 
Limited Partners under this Agreement. 
14.15 Prime Rate. The Prime Rate shall mean an interest rate equal to the floating commercial 
rate of interest published in the Wall Street Journal (or its successors) as its prime rate. 
14.16 Profit or Loss. Profit or Loss shall be an amount computed for each Accounting Period 
as of the last day thereof that is equal to the Partnership's taxable income or loss for such Accounting 
Period, determined in accordance with Section 703(a) of the Code (for this purpose, all items of income, 
gain, loss, or deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Code Section 703(a)( I) shall be 
included in taxable income or loss), with the following adjustments: 
(a) 
Any income of the Partnership that is exempt from federal income tax and not 
otherwise taken into account in computing Profit or Loss pursuant to this paragraph shall be added to such 
taxable income or loss; 
(b) 
Any expenditures of the Partnership described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) or 
treated as Code Section 705(a)(2XB) expenditures pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 
1.704- I (b)(2)(ivXi) and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profit or Loss pursuant to this 
paragraph shall be subtracted from such taxable income or loss; 
43. 
147765658 44 
EFTA00808327
--- PAGE 52 ---
(c) 
Gain or loss resulting from any disposition of a Partnership asset with respect to 
which gain or loss is recognized for federal income tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the 
Adjusted Asset Value of the asset disposed of rather than its adjusted tax basis; 
(d) 
The difference between the gross fair market value of all Partnership assets and 
their respective Adjusted Asset Values shall be added to such taxable income or loss in the circumstances 
described in paragraph 14.2; 
I 
(e) 
Items which are specially allocated pursuant to paragraphs 3.2(c), 4.5(b)(vi); and 
5.2 and 5.3 shall not be taken into account in computing Profit or Loss; and 
The amount of any Deemed Gain or Deemed Loss on any Securities distributed 
in kind shall be added to or subtracted from (as the case may be) such taxable income or loss. 
14.17 
Regulated Partner. Regulated Partner shall refer to each ERISA Partner, Governmental 
Plan Partner, and Private Foundation Partner. 
14.18 Securities. Securities shall mean securities of every kind and nature and rights and 
options with respect thereto, including stock, notes, bonds, debentures, evidences of indebtedness and 
other business interests of every type, including partnerships, joint ventures, proprietorships and other 
business entities. 
14.19 Securities Act. Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
14.20 Short-Term Securities. Short-Term Securities shall mean commercial paper, certificates 
of deposit, treasury bills, and other money market investments with maturities of less than twelve (12) 
months. 
14.21 Thiel Persons. Thiel Persons shall mean Peter Thiel, Peter Thiel's retirement accounts 
and Thiel Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, any wholly owned subsidiary of any of the 
foregoing, and any successor in interest thereto. 
14.22 Treasury Regulations. Treasury Regulations shall mean the Income Tax Regulations 
promulgated under the Code, as such Regulations may be amended from time to time (including 
corresponding provisions of succeeding Regulations). 
ARTICLE 15 
OTHER PROVISIONS 
15.1 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of 
the State of Delaware as such law would be applied to agreements among the residents of such state made 
and to be performed entirely within such state. 
15.2 
Limitation of Liability of the Limited Partners. Except as required by law or by 
paragraphs 4.2 or 9.7 of this Agreement, no Limited Partner shall be bound by, nor be personally liable 
for, the expenses, liabilities, or obligations of the Partnership in excess of its Capital Commitment to the 
Partnership. 
44. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808328
--- PAGE 53 ---
15.3 
Exculpation. 
(a) 
Neither the tax matters partner, the General Partner, the Management Company, 
the members of the Advisory Committee nor their respective managers, members, partners, principals, 
officers, employees, Affiliates or agents (including solely with respect to the conduct of any member of 
the Advisory Committee, the Limited Partner responsible for the appointment of such member of the 
Advisory Committee) shall be liable, responsible or accountable in damages or otherwise to the Limited 
Partners or the Partnership for honest mistakes of judgment, or for action or inaction, taken in good faith 
and in the best interests of the Partnership, or for losses due to such mistakes, action, or inaction, or to the 
negligence, dishonesty, or bad faith of any employee, broker, or other agent of the Partnership, provided, 
however, that such employee, broker, or agent was selected, engaged, and retained with reasonable care. 
The General Partner and such persons may consult with counsel and accountants in respect of Partnership 
affairs and be fully protected and justified in any action or inaction that is taken in accordance with the 
advice or opinion of such counsel or accountants, provided, however, that (i) they shall have been selected 
with reasonable care, (ii) with regard to the General Partner, such action or in action shall not constitute 
gross negligence or fraud, and (iii) the General Partner or other such persons shall have relied on their 
advice or opinion in good faith. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding any contrary provision in paragraph 15.3(a) above, the 
provisions of this paragraph and the immediately following paragraph shall not be construed so as to 
relieve (or attempt to relieve) any (i) member of the Advisory Committee or any Thiel Person of any 
liability by reason of bad faith, (ii) other person by reason of recklessness, bad faith, gross negligence or 
intentionally wrongful conduct, (iii) person by reason of any material breach by the General Partner of 
this Agreement or of its fiduciary duties to the Partnership that has a material adverse effect upon the 
economic interests of the Limited Partners in the Partnership (in addition to the expense of such 
indemnity claim) and that remains uncured following ten (10) business days' written notice of such 
material breach to the General Partner, or (iv) person to the extent (but only to the extent) that such 
liability may not be waived, modified, or limited under applicable law, but shall be construed so as to 
effectuate the provisions of such paragraphs to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) to the extent that, 
at law or in equity, an Indemnified Party (as defined in paragraph 15.4) has duties (including fiduciary 
duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Partnership, any Partner or any other person, such 
Indemnified Party acting under this Agreement shall not be liable to the Partnership, and Partner or any 
other person for breach of fiduciary duty for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement 
(or for taking actions that are permitted under this Agreement); and (ii) the provisions of this Agreement, 
to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating 
thereto of an Indemnified Party otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by each Partner and the 
Partnership to replace such other duties and liabilities of such Indemnified Party. 
(d) 
Each Partner acknowledges and agrees that: (i) certain Thiel Persons are 
members of the Management Company and/or the General Partner; (ii) one or more Thiel Persons and 
their Affiliates are or may be involved in or have an economic interest in, directly or indirectly, in their 
capacity as managers, advisers, directors, founders, sponsors, partners, members or otherwise, other 
financial, investment and professional activities, and may engage for their own accounts and for the 
accounts of others in any such ventures and activities (without regard to whether the interests of such 
ventures and activities conflict with those of the Partnership); (iii) nothing in this Agreement is intended, 
or shall be deemed, to restrict or in any way limit the Thiel Persons' or their Affiliates' ability to engage in 
any such ventures or activities; (iv) neither the Partnership nor any Partner shall have any right by virtue 
of this Agreement or the existence of the Partnership in and to such ventures or activities or to the income 
or profits derived therefrom; (v) no Thiel Person shall have any fiduciary or other duties to any Partner or 
45. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808329
--- PAGE 54 ---
the Partnership created as a result of, or pursuant to, this Agreement or as a result of the Thiel Activities 
(as defined below), or any duty or obligation to make any reports to any Partner or the Partnership, with 
respect to any such ventures or activities; and (vi) the functions and activities of any Thiel Person with 
respect to the Partnership (the "Thiel Activities") being limited to, as applicable, (x) being a limited 
partner of the Partnership or a Parallel Fund, (y) having any ownership interest the Management 
Company and/or the General Partner, and (z) taking any actions as a result of a Thiel Person's ownership 
interest in the Management Company or the General Partner, (1) shall not alter or impair the limitation on 
liability of any Thiel Person as a limited partner under the Partnership Act, (2) in no event shall the Thiel 
Activities give rise to a conclusion, under Section 17-303 of the Partnership Act or otherwise, that any 
Thiel Person participates in the control of the Partnership, (3) the obligations and responsibilities of the 
Thiel Persons are limited to those of a limited partner, and (4) this Agreement and the documentation 
contemplated hereby shall be interpreted in accordance with the foregoing. 
(e) 
This paragraph 15.3 is intended to apply solely for the benefit of the Limited 
Partners, and in no way shall be construed or interpreted as inuring to the benefit of any other person or 
entity, including, without limitation, creditors of the Partnership, of the General Partner or of the members 
of the General Partner or other third parties. 
15.4 
Indemnification. 
The Partnership agrees to indemnify, out of the assets of the 
Partnership only (but including amounts that the Partners may be required to contribute pursuant to 
paragraph 4.2(d)), the General Partner, the Management Company, the members of the Advisory 
Committee (including solely with respect to the conduct of any member of the Advisory Committee, the 
Limited Partner responsible for the appointment of such member of the Advisory Committee), the tax 
matters partner and their respective managers, members, partners, principals, officers, employees, 
Affiliates and agents (each an "Indemnified Party" collectively the "Indemnified Parties") to the fullest 
extent permitted by law and to save and hold them harmless from and in respect of all (a) reasonable fees, 
costs, and expenses, including legal fees, paid in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, or 
demand against the Indemnified Parties that arises directly or indirectly out of or in any way relates to the 
Partnership, its properties, business, or affairs, or any other enterprise that such Indemnified Party is or 
was serving, as a director, officer, employee or otherwise, at the request of the Partnership, the General 
Partner or the Management Company, and (b) such claims, actions, and demands described in the 
preceding clause (a), and any losses or damages resulting from such claims, actions, and demands, 
including amounts paid in settlement or compromise (if recommended by attorneys for the Partnership) of 
any such claim, action or demand; provided, however, that this indemnity shall not extend to: (i) any 
claim or proceeding solely between or among the General Partner, Management Company, the Managing 
Members, or any of their respective managers, members, partners, principals, officers, employees, 
Affiliates or agents; or (ii) any conduct which constitutes bad faith on the part of any Advisory 
Committee member or Thiel Person or any conduct which constitutes recklessness, bad faith, gross 
negligence or intentionally wrongful conduct on the part of any other Indemnified Party or any claim, 
action or demand that arises from any material breach by the General Partner of this Agreement or of its 
fiduciary duties to the Partnership that has a material adverse effect upon the economic interests of the 
Limited Partners in the Partnership (in addition to the expense of such indemnity claim) and that remains 
uncured following ten (10) business days' written notice of such material breach to the General Partner. 
Expenses incurred by any Indemnified Party in defending a claim or proceeding covered by this 
paragraph shall be paid by the Partnership in advance of the final disposition of such claim or proceeding 
(regardless of whether the claim asserts that the Indemnified Party is not entitled to such indemnification 
pursuant to clause (ii) of the proviso of the preceding sentence); provided, the Indemnified Party 
undertakes to repay such amount if it is ultimately determined that such Indemnified Party was not 
entitled to be indemnified; provided, fiirther, that no such advance shall be paid in the case of (A) a claim 
or proceeding solely between or among the General Partner, Management Company, the Managing 
Members, or any of their respective managers, members, partners, principals, officers, employees, 
46. 
147765658 44 
EFTA00808330
--- PAGE 55 ---
Affiliates or agents or (B) any claim or proceeding brought by a Majority in Interest of the Limited 
Partners against an Indemnified Party. The provisions of this paragraph 15.4 shall remain in effect as to 
each Indemnified Party whether or not such Indemnified Party continues to serve in the capacity that 
entitled such person to be indemnified. In the event that an Indemnified Party is also entitled to 
indemnification by a portfolio company of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Management 
Company, the Partners hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) the portfolio company shall be the 
indemnitor of first resort and the Partnership shall be the indemnitor of second resort and the General 
Partner and the Management Company shall be the indemnitors of third resort (i.e., the portfolio 
company's obligations to such an Indemnified Party shall be primary, the Partnership's obligations to 
such an Indemnified Party shall be secondary and any obligation of the General Partner and/or the 
Management Company to advance expenses and/or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or 
liabilities incurred by such an Indemnified Party shall be tertiary), (ii) that, to the extent such an 
Indemnified Party is otherwise eligible hereunder for advancement of expenses, the Partnership shall be 
required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by such an Indemnified Party and shall be liable 
for the full amount of all fees, costs and any other items described in clauses (a) and (b) of the first 
sentence of this paragraph without regard to any rights such an Indemnified Party may have against the 
General Partner or the Management Company and (iii) the Partnership hereby irrevocably waives, 
relinquishes and releases the General Partner and the Management Company from any and all claims 
against such parties for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect of the 
foregoing provisions of this sentence. 
15.5 
Arbitration. 
(a) 
Any claim, dispute, or controversy of whatever nature arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement, including, without limitation, any action or claim based on tort, contract, or statute 
(including any claims of breach), or concerning the interpretation, effect, termination, validity, 
performance and/or breach of this Agreement ("Claim"), shall be resolved by final and binding 
confidential arbitration ("Arbitration") before a single arbitrator ("Arbitrator") selected from and 
administered by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service Inc. (the "Administrator") in accordance with 
its then existing arbitration rules or procedures regarding commercial or business disputes. 
The 
arbitration shall be held in San Francisco, California or New York, New York, in the sole discretion of the 
General Partner. 
(b) 
Depositions may be taken and full discovery may be obtained in any arbitration 
commenced under this provision. 
(c) 
The Arbitrator shall, within fifteen (15) calendar days after the conclusion of the 
Arbitration hearing, issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and 
conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The 
Arbitrator shall be authorized to award compensatory damages, but shall not be authorized (i) to award 
non-economic damages, such as for emotional distress, pain and suffering or loss of consortium, (ii) to 
award punitive damages, or (iii) to reform, modify or materially change this Agreement or any other 
agreements contemplated hereunder; provided, however, that the damage limitations described in parts (i) 
and (ii) of this sentence will not apply if such damages are statutorily imposed. The Arbitrator also shall 
be authorized to grant any temporary, preliminary or permanent equitable remedy or relief he or she 
deems just and equitable and within the scope of this Agreement, including, without limitation, an 
injunction or order for specific performance. 
(d) 
Each party shall bear its own attorney's fees, costs, and disbursements arising out 
of the arbitration, and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the Administrator and the 
Arbitrator; provided, however, the Arbitrator shall be authorized to determine whether a party is 
47. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808331
--- PAGE 56 ---
substantially the prevailing party, and if so, to award to that substantially prevailing party reimbursement 
for its reasonable attorneys' fees, costs and disbursements (including, for example, expert witness fees 
and expenses, photocopy charges, travel expenses, etc.), and/or the fees and costs of the Administrator 
and the Arbitrator. Absent the filing of an application to correct or vacate the arbitration award under 
Title 10 of the Delaware Code sections 5713 through 5717, each party shall fully perform and satisfy the 
arbitration award within fifteen (15) days of the service of the award. 
(e) 
By agreeing to this binding arbitration provision, the parties understand that they 
are waiving certain rights and protections which may otherwise be available if a Claim between the 
parties were determined by litigation in court, including, without limitation, the right to seek or obtain 
certain types of damages precluded by this paragraph 15.5, the right to a jury trial, certain rights of 
appeal, and a right to invoke formal rules of procedure and evidence. 
15.6 
Execution of Documents. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one (1) 
and the same instrument. 
15.7 
Other Instruments and Acts. The Partners agree to execute any other instruments or 
perform any other acts that are or may be reasonably necessary to effectuate and carry on the partnership 
created by this Agreement. 
15.8 
Binding Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon the transferees, successors, 
assigns, and legal representatives of the Partners. 
15.9 
Notices; Electronic Transmission of Reports. Any notice or other communication that 
one Partner desires to give to another Partner shall be in writing, and shall be deemed effectively given: 
(a) upon personal delivery to the Partner to be notified, (b) upon confirmed transmission by electronic 
mail, telex or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next 
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, or (d) three (3) days after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight 
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be 
addressed to the other Partner at the address shown on its EXHIBIT A or at such other address as a Partner 
may designate by ten (10) days' advance written notice to the other Partners. In addition to the provisions 
of paragraph 11.5, the General Partner shall be entitled to transmit to the Limited Partners by e-mail the 
reports required by paragraphs 11.3, 11.4, and 11.7. 
15.10 
Power of Attorney. By signing this Agreement, each Limited Partner designates and 
appoints the General Partner its true and lawful attorney, in its name, place, and stead to make, execute, 
sign, and file the Certificate of Limited Partnership and any amendment thereto and such other 
instruments, documents, or certificates that may from time to time be required of the Partnership by the 
laws of the United States of America, the laws of the state of the Partnership's formation, or any other 
state in which the Partnership shall conduct its affairs in order to qualify or otherwise enable the 
Partnership to conduct its affairs in such jurisdictions. Such attorney is not hereby granted any authority 
on behalf of the Limited Partners to amend this Agreement except that as attorney for each of the Limited 
Partners, the General Partner shall have the authority to amend this Agreement and the Certificate of 
Limited Partnership (and to execute any amendment to the Agreement or the Certificate of Limited 
Partnership on behalf of itself and as attorney in fact for each of the Limited Partners) as may be required 
to effect: 
(a) 
Admission of additional Partners pursuant to Article 3; 
48. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808332
--- PAGE 57 ---
(b) 
Additional capital contributions pursuant to Article 4; 
(c) 
Transfers of Limited Partnership interests pursuant to Article 9; and 
(d) 
Extensions of the Partnership term pursuant to Article 10. 
This power of attorney and the power of attorney referenced in paragraph 4.5(b)(x) granted by each 
Limited Partner shall expire as to such Partner immediately after the dissolution of the Partnership or the 
amendment of the Partnership's EXHIBIT A to reflect the complete withdrawal of such Partner as a Partner 
of the Partnership. 
15.11 Amendment. 
(a) 
Except as provided by the immediately preceding paragraph and subject to 
paragraph 15.11(b), this Agreement may be amended only with the written consent of the General Partner 
and a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph 15.11(a), no amendment to the provisions of Article 
may be made without the consent of each ERISA Partner, Governmental Plan Partner and Private 
Foundation Partner who may be materially adversely affected by such amendment, (ii) the General 
Partner may amend this Agreement without the consent of the other Partners to reflect changes validly 
made in the membership of the Partners and the capital contributions of the Partners, and (iii) no 
amendment to this Agreement may modify any provision requiring the consent of more than a Majority in 
Interest of the Limited Partners without the consent of such higher Percentage in Interest. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs 15.11(a) and (b), no amendment of this Agreement 
may modify the method of making Partnership allocations or distributions, modify the method of 
determining the Partnership Percentage of any Partner, reduce any Partner's Capital Account, increase 
any Partner's Capital Commitment to the Partnership, modify any provision of this Agreement pertaining 
to limitations on liability of the Limited Partners or change the restrictions contained in this paragraph 
15.11(c), unless each Partner adversely affected thereby in a manner different than the other Partners has 
expressly consented in writing to such amendment. In addition, the General Partner shall not cause or 
consent to the amendment of paragraphs 8.4(b), 8.4(e), 14.21, 15.2, 15.3, 15.4 or this paragraph 15.11 of 
this Agreement in a manner that would adversely affect a member of the Advisory Committee or a Thiel 
Person without the express written consent of each such member of the Advisory Committee or Thiel 
Person that would be adversely affected thereby. 
(d) 
The Partnership's or General Partner's (or its managers', members' or 
employees') noncompliance with any provision hereof in any single transaction or event may be waived 
prospectively or retroactively in writing by the same Percentage in Interest of the Limited Partners that 
would be required to amend such provision pursuant to paragraphs 15.11(a), (b) or (c). No waiver shall 
be deemed a waiver of any subsequent event of noncompliance except to the extent expressly provided in 
such waiver. 
(e) 
The General Partner may, without the consent of the Limited Partners, amend 
this Agreement, as the General Partner determines to be advisable to address the effects (or potential 
effects) of legislation that has been enacted, or regulations (whether proposed, temporary or final) that 
have been issued, in either case that change (or, in the General Partner's good faith determination propose 
to change or alter) the tax consequences of the operation of paragraphs 4.3, 5.1, and 6.1 or any other 
provision of this Agreement related to the satisfaction of the General Partner's Capital Commitment 
through the waiver of management fees and related allocations and distributions, so long as any such 
49. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808333
--- PAGE 58 ---
amendment does not result in any material adverse effect on any Limited Partner or delay the timing or 
reduce the aggregate amount of distributions to which any Limited Partner is entitled under this 
Agreement. 
15.12 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the representations and warranties of 
each Limited Partner set forth in any Subscription Agreement executed by such Limited Partner) and any 
Side Letter (as defined in this paragraph 15.12) constitute the full, complete and final agreement of the 
Partners, and supersede all prior agreements between the Partners with respect to the Partnership. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement or any Subscription Agreement entered into by a 
Limited Partner in connection with its admission to the Partnership, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed 
that the Partnership and the General Partner, on its own behalf or on behalf of the Partnership or a Parallel 
Fund, without the approval of any Limited Partners, may enter into a side letter or similar agreement to or 
with a limited partner of the Partnership or a Parallel Fund (each a "Side Letter"), executed 
contemporaneously with the admission of such limited partner to the Partnership or such Parallel Fund, 
which has the effect of establishing rights with respect to the Partners or the Partnership or supplementing 
the terms hereof or any Subscription Agreement in order to meet certain requirements of such Limited 
Partner, including, without limitation, the Management Fee chargeable with respect to such Limited 
Partner. The parties hereto agree that any terms contained in a Side Letter shall govern, for purposes of 
this Agreement or any Subscription Agreement, and be valid, binding and enforceable as among the 
Limited Partner that is a party thereto, the General Partner and/or the Partnership. 
15.13 Titles; Subtitles. 
The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for 
convenience only and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement. 
15.14 Partnership Name. The Partnership shall have the exclusive right to use the Partnership 
name as long as the Partnership continues. Upon termination of the Partnership, the Partnership shall 
assign whatever rights it may have in such name to the General Partner. No value shall be placed upon 
the name or the goodwill attached to it for the purpose of determining the value of any Partner's Capital 
Account or interest in the Partnership. 
15.15 Confidentiality. 
(a) 
This Agreement and all financial statements, tax reports, portfolio valuations, 
reviews or analyses of potential or actual investments, reports or other materials and all other documents 
and information concerning the affairs of the Partnership and its investments, including, without 
limitation, information about the portfolio companies of the Partnership (collectively, the "Confidential 
Information"), that any Limited Partner may receive or that may be disclosed, distributed or disseminated 
(whether in writing, orally, electronically or by other means) to any Limited Partner or its representatives, 
including Confidential Information disclosed to members of the Advisory Committee, pursuant to or in 
accordance with this Agreement, or otherwise as a result of its ownership of an interest in the Partnership, 
constitute proprietary and confidential information about the Partnership, the General Partner and its 
Affiliates and the Partnership's portfolio companies (the "Affected Parties"). Each Limited Partner 
acknowledges and agrees that the Affected Parties derive independent economic value from the 
Confidential Information not being generally known and that the Confidential Information is the subject 
of reasonable efforts to maintain its secrecy. Each Limited Partner further acknowledges and agrees that 
the Confidential Information is a trade secret, the disclosure of which is likely to cause substantial and 
irreparable competitive harm to the Affected Parties or their respective businesses. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner agrees to hold all Confidential Information in confidence, 
and not to disclose any Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written consent of 
the General Partner. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, each Limited Partner may disclose such 
50. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808334
--- PAGE 59 ---
Confidential Information: (i) to its officers, directors, trustees, wholly-owned subsidiaries, employees and 
outside experts (including but not limited to its attorneys and accountants) on a "need to know" basis, so 
long as such persons are bound by the same duties of confidentiality to the Partnership as such Limited 
Partner, and so long as such Limited Partner shall remain liable for any breach of this paragraph 15.15 by 
such persons; (ii) to the extent that such information is required to be disclosed in connection with any 
civil or criminal proceeding; (iii) to the extent that such information is required (as determined in good 
faith by the disclosing Limited Partner after consultation with counsel) to be disclosed by applicable law 
in connection with any governmental, administrative or regulatory proceeding or filing (including any 
inspection or examination or any disclosure necessary in connection with a request for information made 
under a state or federal freedom of information act or similar law), after reasonable prior written notice to 
the General Partner (except where such notice is expressly prohibited by law); (iv) to the extent that such 
information was received from a third party not subject to confidentiality limitations and such Limited 
Partner can establish that it rightfully received such information from such party other than as a result of 
the breach of this paragraph 15.15; (v) to the extent such information was rightfully in such Limited 
Partner's possession prior to the Partnership's conveyance of such information to such Limited Partner, as 
evidenced by the Limited Partner's prior written records; or (vi) to the extent that the information 
provided by the Partnership is otherwise available in the public domain in the absence of any improper or 
unlawful action on the part of such Partner. Any Limited Partner seeking to make disclosure in reliance 
on the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) above shall use its best efforts to claim any relevant exception under 
such laws or obligations which would prevent or limit public disclosure of the Confidential Information 
and provide the General Partner immediate notice upon the Limited Partner's receipt of a request for 
disclosure of any Confidential Information pursuant to such laws or obligations. 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner also agrees that any document constituting or containing, or 
any other embodiment of, any Confidential Information shall be returned to the Partnership upon the 
General Partner's request. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner may withhold disclosure of any Confidential Information (other than this Agreement or tax 
reports) to any particular Limited Partner if the General Partner reasonably determines that the disclosure 
of such Confidential Information to such Limited Partner may result in the general public gaining access 
to such Confidential Information or that such disclosure is not in the best interests of the Partnership or its 
investments; provided, however, that to the extent that any information is not delivered to a Limited 
Partner based on the General Partner's exercise of its discretion under this sentence, such information 
shall be made available for review, but not copying, during regular business hours at a location mutually 
determined by the General Partner and such Limited Partner. In no event shall a Limited Partner be 
denied access to information deliverable pursuant to paragraph 11.7 of this Agreement. 
(d) 
With respect to each Limited Partner that is subject to any "freedom of 
information," "sunshine" or other law, rule or regulation that imposes upon such Limited Partner an 
obligation to make information available to the public, the Partnership hereby requests confidential 
treatment of the Confidential Information, and such Limited Partner shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to take such action as necessary for such Confidential Information to be exempt from disclosure, to 
the maximum extent permitted under such law, rule or regulation. 
(e) 
With respect to each Limited Partner that is a "fund of funds" or a similar pooled 
investment vehicle (but specifically excluding any pension, retirement or similar benefit plan) (a "Pooled 
Vehicle Partner"), the Pooled Vehicle Partner shall, subject to paragraph 15.15(d), be permitted to make 
disclosure to its direct equity owners (but not to any indirect or other beneficial owners), that are subject 
to a written confidentiality agreement or obligation that provides a degree of protection to the Partnership 
comparable to that provided in this paragraph 15.15, of solely the following Confidential Information: (i) 
the Pooled Vehicle Partner's status as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (ii) the amount of such Pooled 
Vehicle Partner's Capital Commitment, (iii) the total amount of such Pooled Vehicle Partner's Capital 
51. 
147765658 44 
EFTA00808335
--- PAGE 60 ---
Commitment that has been drawn down pursuant to capital calls, (iv) quarterly and annual reports 
summarizing the status of the Pooled Vehicle Partner's investment in the Partnership (except that any 
financial information regarding the Partnership and any information concerning any portfolio company in 
which the Partnership has invested shall not be disclosed and must be redacted), and (v) the name and 
address of the Partnership. 
The General Partner agrees to hold the identity of each Limited Partner in 
confidence if requested to do so by such Limited Partner, and not to disclose such identity to any third 
party without the prior written consent of such Limited Partner; provided, however, that the General 
Partner may disclose such identity (i) to its members, Affiliates, employees and outside experts (including 
but not limited to its attorneys and accountants) so long as such persons have an obligation to maintain 
such identity in confidence; (ii) to the extent that such information is required to be disclosed in 
connection with any civil or criminal proceeding; (iii) to the extent that such information is required (as 
determined in good faith by the General Partner) to be disclosed by applicable law in connection with any 
governmental, administrative or regulatory proceeding or filing (including any inspection or examination 
or any disclosure necessary in connection with a request for information made under a state or federal 
freedom of information act or similar law); or (iv) to the extent that the information provided by the 
Partnership is otherwise available in the public domain in the absence of any improper or unlawful action 
on the part of such Partner. 
(1) 
Each Limited Partner agrees to notify such Limited Partner's attorneys, 
accountants and other similar advisers about their obligations in connection with this paragraph 15.15 and 
will further cause such advisers to abide by the aforesaid provisions of this paragraph 15.15. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 15.15, each Partner 
(and each Affiliate and Person acting on behalf of any such Partner) agrees that each Partner (and its 
attorneys, accountants and other similar advisers) may disclose to appropriate governmental authorities, 
the tax treatment and tax structure of the formation and operation of the Partnership and materials 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such Partner relating to such tax treatment 
and tax structure. This authorization is not intended to permit and does not authorize the disclosure of 
any of the following Confidential Information or other information relating to the Partnership: (i) any 
information not related to the tax treatment or tax structure of the formation or operation of the 
Partnership, (ii) the identities of Partners or potential investors in the Partnership, (iii) the identities of any 
portfolio companies or potential portfolio companies of the Partnership or a Prior Fund, (iv) the existence 
or status of any negotiations to which the Partnership or its Affiliate is a party, (v) any pricing or financial 
information (except to the extent such pricing or financial information is related to the tax treatment or tax 
structure of the formation or operation of the Partnership), or (vi) any other term or detail not relevant to 
the tax treatment or the tax structure of the Partnership. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 
52. 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808336
--- PAGE 61 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Partners have executed this Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement as of the date first written above. 
GENERAL PARTNER: 
I 
I 
I 
VALAR VENTURES GP REV LLC 
By: 
James Fitzgerald, Managing Member 
LIMITED PARTNER: 
VALAR VENTURES GP !HIV LLC 
as attorney-in-fact, for and on behalf of each Limited Partner 
By: 
James Fitzgerald, Managing Member 
"THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "1933 ACT"), AND 
MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS THERE IS AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 1933 ACT COVERING SUCH 
SECURITIES OR THE GENERAL PARTNER RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE 
HOLDER OF THESE SECURITIES REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE GENERAL 
PARTNER, STATING THAT SUCH SALE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT OR HYPOTHECATION IS 
EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE 1933 ACT." 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND HIP/ LP 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
I 
44776-54-58-4 
EFTA00808337
--- PAGE 62 ---
EXHIBIT A-1 
I 
147765658 v44 
EFTA00808338

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808339.pdf
----------------------------------------
KRSIARE1 DRAFT 12.42/2018.1/10/2019
PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
Between 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC 
SELLER, 
And 
[MRR DEVELOPMENT] LLC 
PURCHASER 
Property: 
Life Hotel 
West 31" Street 
New York, New York 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808339
--- PAGE 2 ---
KKSMRII DRAFT 12112.12041/10/2019
PROPERTY: 
BLOCK/LOT: 
PURCHASE PRICE: 
DEPOSIT: 
DUE DILIGENCE 
PERIOD: 
SCHEDULED 
CLOSING DATE: 
PARTIES: 
(address for notices) 
SELLER: 
PURCHASER: 
ESCROW 
513950-2-W 
CONTRACT INFORMATION SUMMARY 
Life Hotel 
West 31" Street, New York, New York 
Block 833 Lot 28 
Forty-Eight Million and No/I00 Dollars ($48,000,000.00). 
• 
Initial 
Deposit 
of 
Five 
Million 
and 
No/100 
Dollars 
($5,000,000.00) on the Effective Date. 
• 
Final 
Deposit 
of 
Five 
Million 
and 
No/100 
Dollars 
($5,000,000.00) due on or prior to the expiration of the Due 
Diligence Period. 
Thirty (30) days from the Effective Date 
 20482019 (The Forty-Fifth (45th) day following the 
expiration of the Due Diligence Period.] 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC 
do Mitchell Holdings 
801 Madison Avenue, 4'h Floor 
New York, New York 10065 
Attn: Mr. David Mitchell 
Phone: (212) 486-4444 
Email: 
JMRR Develonmentl 1.1 
600 Madison Avenue 
70'h so 
New York, New York 10022 
Atm- Rotem Rosen 
annez212254:13,1,2 
=1 
Attn: 
Email: 
Sutton I And Title Agency 
With copy to: 
Katsky Korins LLP 
605 Third Avenue, 16'h Floor 
New York, New York 10158 
Attn: Matthew Danow, Esq. 
Phone: (212) 716-3312 
Email:
Sheppard Mullin Richter X, 
Hampton I I P 
S
Floor 
Chicavo Illinois 60607 
6thrIawletrsCEpplcy 
Atta: 
Phone: (-312) —499-
-63M 
Email:
Email: 
EFTA00808340
--- PAGE 3 ---
AGENT/TITI ff.
COMPANY: 
Katsky Korins LLP515 Rnekaway 
Avenne 
605-Thirdawfluer  16thaf 
New York 
1015811581
Ann:rMatthew-Dafte
ssq7 
Anal_ 
Phone: 
(242516) 
746831-3312 
Email: 
The Contract Information Summary set forth above and any schedules and exhibit(s) attached to this 
Agreement are incorporated into and made a part of the following Agreement. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the provisions of this Summary and the body of this Agreement, the provisions 
contained in the body of this Agreement shall control the rights of the parties and shall supersede any 
inconsistent provisions, as the case may be. 
SCHEDULES & EXHIBITS 
Schedule I  Access Point Equipment LeaseLeases 
Schedule 2 — Service Contracts 
Exhibit A — Legal Description of the Land 
Exhibit B — Permitted Exceptions to Title 
Exhibit C — Form of Deed 
Exhibit D — Form of Assignment of Equipment Leases 
Exhibit E — Form of Assignment and Assumption of Service Contracts 
Exhibit F — Form of Bill of Sale 
Exhibit G — Form of Assignment and Assumption of Collective Bargaining Agreement 
Exhibit H — Form of Holdback Escrow Agreement 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808341
--- PAGE 4 ---
KICSMRII DRAFT 42/4212018.1/10/2019
AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE 
(Life Hotel, 19 West 31" Street, New York, New York) 
THIS AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE (this "Agreement") is made as of 
DeeemberJanoncy 
2044=2 (the "Effective Date"), by and between LIFE HOTEL ONE 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an address at do Mitchell Holdings, 801 
Madison Avenue, 4ih Floor, New York, New York 10065 ("Seller"), and [MRR 
DEVELOPMENT], LLC, a  
limited liability company, having an 
address at  
ocktiSladissuAYMIUC.20tkB00LSX
Yorlc... New York 1002? ("Purchaser"). 
WITNESS-ETH: 
I. AGREEMENT TO SELL AND PURCHASE; DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY. 
1.1 
Seller shall sell to Purchaser and Purchaser shall purchase from Seller upon the 
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, all right, title and interest of Seller and to: (a) 
that certain parcel of land commonly known as 19 West 31st Street, New York, New York, as 
more particularly bounded and described in Exhibit A annexed hereto and incorporated herein 
(the "Land"); (b) the buildings, improvements, structures and fixtures located on the Land 
(collectively, the "Hotel"); and (c) all of the following personalty (collectively, the "Personal 
Property"): (i) all furniture, furnishings, fixtures (other than those which are part of the Hotel), 
rugs, mats, carpeting, appliances, devices, engines, telephone and other communications 
equipment, televisions and other video equipment, plumbing fixtures and other equipment located 
in or related to the Hotel, excluding property described in the Equipment Leases (the "FF&E"); 
,h. 
able,  Seller's interest as-Iessee--iindef-that-cenaiwutiter.4=easel _Eiate44s 
eenneetion-with,the-operation-of-the-Hotelr  as-listed-on-Sehedule-l-atiached-herete-and-sueh 
ether-equipment-leases-as-may-liereafter-be-entered-inte-in-eempliesieeaveills-the-ternts-hereof-Ethe 
-in the Assumed  Equipment Leases" (as defined below); (iii) all items included within the 
definition of "Property and Equipment" under the Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging 
Industry, Eleventh Revised Edition, 2015, as copyrighted by the Hotel Association of New York 
City, Inc. and published by the American Hotel & Motel Association (n/k/a the American Hotel 
& Lodging Association) (the "Uniform System of Accounts"), including, without limitation, 
linen, china, glassware, tableware, uniforms and similar items, whether in use or held in stock for 
future use, in connection with the operation of the Hotel, subject to such depletion and including 
such resupplies prior to the Closing Date as shall occur in the ordinary course of business (the 
"Fixed Asset Supplies"); (iv) all "Inventories," as defined in the Uniform System of Accounts, 
such as provisions in storerooms, refrigerators, pantries, and kitchens, beverages in wine cellars 
and bars, other merchandise intended for sale or resale, fuel, mechanical supplies, stationery, 
guest supplies, maintenance and housekeeping supplies and other expensed supplies and similar 
items (the "Inventories"), provided that to the extent that any applicable law prohibits the 
transfer of alcoholic beverages from Seller to Purchaser, such beverages shall not be considered a 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808342
--- PAGE 5 ---
part of Inventories until such time as the same may lawfully be transferred after Closing, at which 
point the same shall be transferred; (v) te-the-exteni-aseigrrabler Seller's interest in the serviee; 
inaintenance-and-ether-agreernents-ig-genneetion-with-the-eperation-of-the-Hotel-identified-in 
Sehedele-2-attaehed-herete-and-stieh-other-serviee-eentraets-as-mar hereafter-be-entered-litte-in 
censplianee-with-the-teffris-liereef-ftheAssumed Service Contracts"- (as defined below). (vi) all 
contracts and reservations made for rooms, banquets, meals or other services to be supplied from 
and/or after the Closing Date (the "Bookings"), and the aggregate amount of any deposits 
received by Seller (whether paid in cash or by credit card) as a down payment for any Bookings 
("Advance Deposits"); (vii) to the extent in Seller's possession and control, surveys, 
architectural, consulting and engineering blueprints, plans and specifications and drawings related 
to the Hotel (the `Plans"); and-(viii) to the extent transferable and owned or held by Seller (but 
excluding the Liquor License (hereinafter defined)), all licenses, permits and other authorizations 
or approvals required by any governmental or quasi-governmental agency, body, department, 
commission, board, bureau, instrumentality or office, or otherwise appropriate with respect to 
the construction, ownership, operation, leasing, maintenance or use of the Property or any part 
thereof (the "Permits")-; (ix) any telephone exchanges. Internet websitesinternadomairmames 
and other identifying material, and all variations thereof to the extent owned by Seller or any of 
Seller's principals or affiliates. (x) any trademarks, trade names, servieemark • lo,ap copyrights 
brands, patents and other intellectual property owned by Seller or any of its principals or affiliates 
the Hotel (including, without limitation, the names, brands marks, copyrights and other 
intellectual property associated with "Life-, "Life Magazine", - Life Hotel", "Henry" and "Gibson 
& Luce" and any derivations thereofljxi an and all menus and stationer bearin. the names 
"Life", "Life Magazine". "Life Hotel". "Henry", "Gibson & Luce" or any derivations thereof. bur 
excluding any such items that bear the name of the Seller. (xii) all books and records located at 
the Hotel that relate exclusively to the Hotel but expressly excluding all documents and other 
applicable law or a confidentiality agreement prohibiting their disclosure, or (iii) constitute 
confidential internal valuation assessments. remits. studies,_memoranda, notes or other 
correspondence prepared by or on behalf of any officer or employee of Seller, including, without 
limitation all (A) internal financial analyses appraisals tax returns financial statements 031 
corporate or other entity governance records. (D) any work papers. memoranda, analysis 
correspondence and similar documents and materials prepared by or for Seller in connection with 
the transaction described in this Agreement. and (xiii) all warranties and guaranties held by Seller 
with respect to the Hotel or any other Personal Property, to the extent the same are transferable 
or thefafiesobninany consent necessary_fitetTeetnate sucludninsfer, 
ICIMUIE1 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Land, the Hotel and the 
Personal Property shall not include any of the following: (I) accounts receivable for periods 
prior to and including the Apportionment Date (hereinafter defined); (2) property of guests; (3) 
tax deposits, utility deposits and other deposits held by parties other than Seller, except for any 
transferable deposits assigned to Purchaser, for which Seller is to be reimbursed as herein 
provided; (4) any tax, insurance, FF&E, capital improvement and/or other escrows, impounds or 
reserves held by Seller's lender or any other party; (5) except to the extent that any of the same 
represent Advance Deposits, all checks, drafts, notes and other evidence of indebtedness held at 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808343
--- PAGE 6 ---
the Hotel on the Closing Date, and any balances on deposit with banking institutions relating to 
the Hotel, including amounts held in "house banks;" (6) any rights to any Personal Property 
described in the preceding sentence that has been prepared, promulgated, or published by Seller 
or which otherwise identifies that the Hotel was owned by Seller, including, without 
limitatiembut excluding any and all menus and stationery bearing SellerLs-name-er-the names 
"Life", "Life Magazine", "Life Hotel", "Henry", "Gibson & Luce" or any derivations thereof; (7) 
all computer software and/or systems owned by the Manager or any third party, including, 
without limitation, the payroll software and/or system; (8) all reeeMsfiles-and-operating 
manuals-ef-the-Hotelr ineludingr but-net-limited-ter any-personnel files ("Excluded Personnel 
Files") other than employee files containing only name, sex, social security number, date of birth, 
date of hire, rate of pay and benefits and other census type information; 
(9)-m.y-telephone 
variations thereof to the extent owned by Seller or any of Sellcr' principals-or-affihiatea; (10) any 
property owned by Seller or-any-of its principals or affiliates and/st-used by the Hotel and the 
"Life", "Lift Magazine", "Life Hotcl", "Henry" and -Gibson & Luce" and any derivationa 
theree0-and-(-1-1) any and all personal property owned by guests, the Manager, or any employees 
of the Hotel or by a vendor or any other third party distinct from Seller (all of the foregoing, 
collectively, the "Excluded Property"). The Land, the Hotel, and the Personal Property located 
at the Hotel are referred to herein collectively as the "Property.". 
2. PURCHASE PRICE AND PAYMENT; ESCROW. 
2.1 
The total purchase price payable to Seller for the Property is the Purchase Price, 
subject to adjustment as herein provided. 
2.2 
The Purchase Price is payable as follows: 
2.2.1.1 
Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
the parties hereto, Purchaser delivered to Escrow Agent by wire transfer of immediately 
available United States federal funds, the sum of Five Million and No/100 Dollars 
($5,000,000.00) (the "Initial Deposit"), which Initial Deposit shall be held by Escrow 
Agent in escrow pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and shall become 
non-refundable to Purchaser upon the 
delivery of 
a Go Forward Notice (as hereinafter defined), except as otherwise expressly provided in 
this Agreement. The "Initial Deposit" shall include all interest accrued thereon, and such 
interest shall be payable to the party entitled to receive the Initial Deposit pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement. 
2.2.1.2 
Not later than 5:00.. 
Eastern Time on lasithe business day 
following the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, if Purchaser has timely delivered a 
Go Forward Notice, Purchaser shall deliver to Seller by wire transfer of immediately 
available United States federal funds, the sum of Five Million and No/100 Dollars 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808344
--- PAGE 7 ---
($5,000,000.00) (the "Final Deposit", together with the Initial Deposit, collectively 
referred to as the "Deposit"), which Final Deposit shall become non-refundable to 
Purchaser, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. The "Deposit" 
shall include all interest accrued thereon, and such interest shall be payable to the party 
entitled to receive the Final Deposit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Failure by 
Purchaser to timely deliver all or any part of the Final Deposit in accordance with this 
subsection shall constitute a material default by Purchaser hereunder and Seller shall be 
entitled to terminate this Agreement by written notice to Purchaser. 
2.2.1.3 
At Closing (hereinafter defined), Purchaser shall pay the additional 
sum of Thirty Eight Million and No/I00 Dollars ($38,000,000.00), subject to adjustments 
as provided herein, in cash by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds payable 
to the direct order of, or as otherwise directed, by Seller. 
2.3 
Purchaser expressly agrees and acknowledges that Purchaser's obligations to pay 
the Purchase Price at the Closing and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby are 
not in any way contingent, conditioned upon or qualified by Purchaser's obtaining or failing to 
obtain any fmancing of any amount, type or nature whatsoever (e.g., whether by way of debt 
financing, equity investment, or otherwise). Nevertheless, if Purchaser obtains a mortgage, 
notwithstanding the fact that neither this Agreement, nor the Closing is contingent on Purchaser's 
ability to obtain such a mortgage, then upon Purchaser's request, Seller will request that its 
lender cooperate in attempting to arrange for an assignment of Seller's mortgage to Purchaser's 
lender (the "Assignment of Mortgage"), at no cost, expense or assumption of liability to Seller. 
Seller makes no representation or warranty that an Assignment of Mortgage will be available to 
Purchaser or that Seller's lender will cooperate in this regard. In the event that the parties are 
able to accomplish an Assignment of Mortgage, Purchaser shall pay all costs and expenses of 
both Seller's mortgagee and Purchaser's lender required in connection therewith. All mortgage 
recording tax savings realized by Purchaser due to the Assignment of Mortgage shall be shared 
equally-by-Seller-atalfia_theientfiLof Purchaser at Closing,  and-at-Gesingr Seller--strall-reeeive-a 
er-edit-agaiwa-the-12uFc-hase-Pr-iee-in-an-ameunt-equal-te-fift.frper-eent-E-50%)-ef-sueh-nteFtgage 
recording-tax-savings. 
2.4 
Purchaser expressly agrees and acknowledges that although the Property includes 
the Personal Property, such Personal Property has no independent resale value, that no portion of 
the Purchase Price is allocated to such Personal Property, and that no Personal Property shall be 
sold to Purchaser in the event that the Closing does not occur. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Purchaser shall remain solely liable for the payment of any sales tax that may be imposed upon 
the transfer of any Personal Property and shall indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless from 
any and all such tax. The provisions of this Section 2.4 shall survive the Closing. 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808345
--- PAGE 8 ---
2.5 
'Escrow Agent shall hold the Deposit in escrow in a segregated bank account until 
Closing or sooner termination of this Agreement and shall pay over or apply the Deposit in 
accordance with the terms of this Section 2.5 (or, if applicable, Escrow Agent shall return the 
Initial Deposit to Purchaser pursuant to Section 8.1.2 if Purchaser timely delivers -a-Due 
Diligeffee4erminatien-Netiee-(4tereinafter-defined)fails to deliver a Go Forward Notice pursuant 
to said Section 8.1.2). 
2.5.1.1 
The Social Security or Federal Identification Numbers of the parties 
shall be furnished to Escrow Agent upon request. At Closing, the Deposit shall be paid 
by Escrow Agent to Seller. If for any reason Closing does not occur and either party 
gives notice to Escrow Agent demanding payment of the Deposit, Escrow Agent shall 
give prompt notice to the other party of such demand. If Escrow Agent does not receive 
notice of objection from such other party to the proposed payment within ten (10) days 
after the giving of such notice, Escrow Agent is hereby authorized and directed to make 
such payment. If Escrow Agent does receive such notice of objection within such ten 
(10) day period or if for any other reason Escrow Agent in good faith shall elect not to 
make such payment, Escrow Agent shall continue to hold such amount until otherwise 
directed by notice from Seller and Purchaser or a final, non-appealable judgment, order or 
decree of a court. However, Escrow Agent shall have the right at any time to deposit the 
Deposit with the clerk of a court in the county in which the Property are located or in 
which the parties have consented to the laying of venue and shall give notice of such 
deposit to Seller and Purchaser. Upon such deposit or other disbursement in accordance 
with the terms of this paragraph, Escrow Agent shall be relieved and discharged of all 
further obligations and responsibilities hereunder. 
2.5.1.2 
The parties acknowledge that Escrow Agent is acting solely as a 
stakeholder at their request and for their convenience and that Escrow Agent shall not be 
liable to either party for any act or omission on its part unless taken or suffered in bad 
faith or in willful disregard of this Agreement or involving gross negligence on the part of 
Escrow Agent. Seller and Purchaser jointly and severally (with right of contribution) 
agree to defend (by attorneys selected by Escrow Agent), indemnify and hold Escrow 
Agent harmless from and against all costs, claims and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys' fees whether services are performed in-house or by another firm or counsel) 
incurred in connection with the performance of Escrow Agent's duties hereunder, except 
with respect to actions or omissions taken or suffered by Escrow Agent in bad faith or in 
willful disregard of this Agreement or involving gross negligence on the part of Escrow 
Agent. 
2.5.1.3 
Escrow Agent may act or refrain from acting in respect of any matter 
referred to herein in full reliance upon and with the advice of counsel which may be 
Sprtion 2 5 subjprt to escrow agent review 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808346
--- PAGE 9 ---
selected by it (ineluding-any-fnember--ef-its-fern-)-and shall be fully protected in so acting 
or refraining from action upon the advice of such counsel. 
2.5.1.4 
Escrow Agent acknowledges receipt of the Deposit by eheelersubjeet 
te-c-elleetienr  er-b.frwire transfer and Escrow Agent's agreement to the provisions of this 
Section 2.5 by signing in the place indicated on the signature page of this Agreement. 
2.5.1.5 Escrow Agent-er-any-member-ef-its-firm-shall-be-pecmitted-te-aet-as 
eetutsel-fer-Seller-in-anr elispete-as-te-the-disbersentenfref-the-Depesii-er-any-ether 
dispete-between-the-pafties-whether--er--net-ESerewagent-is-in-pessessien-ef-4he-Depesit 
and-eentiftees-te-aet-es-Eserew-Agent7 
3. CLOSING.
3.1 
The closing of the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Closing") shall occur at 
the effiees-ef-Kaisley Kerins LLP, 605 Thirdavenuer  New-Yin-kr  New-Y-Ofk-10-158r er-at-the 
effiees-ef-Per-thasers-lender-or-sueh-leFiderls-ceueselr  if 4eeated-in-IsTew-YOFIE-Geenenr-r  if4he 
paffies-eleehoffice of the Title Cam any though an escrow with the Title Company or its 
underwriter, in all cases at 10:00 M. eastern time, on the Scheduled Closing Date (and the 
actual date of the Closing, being the "Closing Date"). Purchaser shall have one (I) option to 
extend the Scheduled Closing Date for a period of thirty (30) days, provided that by no later than 
five (5) business days prior to the then Scheduled Closing Date (time being of the essence with 
respect thereto), Purchaser shall (x) deliver written notice to Seller regarding such extension and 
(y) tender to Seller an additional deposit of One Million i
s—and 00/100 Dollars 
($1,000,000.00), which additional deposit shall become part of the Deposit, shall be credited 
against the Purchase Price at Closing and shall be non-refundable to Purchaser (except as 
otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement). TIME SHALL BE OF THE ESSENCE WITH 
RESPECT TO PURCHASER'S OBLIGATION TO CLOSE ON OR BEFORE THE 
SCHEDULED CLOSING DATE (AS THE SAME MAY BE EXTENDED BY SELLER 
PURSUANT TO THE EXPRESS PROVISIONS OF THIS CONTRACT). 
3.2 
The acceptance by Purchaser of the Deed shall constitute an acknowledgment by 
Purchaser that all obligations of Seller set forth in this Agreement have been discharged in full, 
and upon such acceptance, Seller shall be released from any and all obligations by reason of this 
Agreement, except only such obligations, if any, which shall pursuant to the express provisions of 
this Agreement survive the Closing hereunder. 
4. PURCHASER'S TITLE REPORT; OBJECTIONS TO TITLE 
4.1 
Seller shall give and Purchaser shall accept such title as-any-reputable-and-licensed 
title-eempany-in-New—York-State (the "the Title Company=) shall be willing to approve and 
insure, subject only to the matters provided for in this Agreement, including, without limitation, 
the permitted exceptions more particularly set forth on Exhibit B annexed hereto and 
incorporated herein ("Permitted Exception(s)"). 
Purchaser shall promptly order a title 
commitment and a survey or survey update or inspection for the Property and Purchaser shall 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808347
--- PAGE 10 ---
direct the Title Company?, in writing, to furnish a copy of such title commitment 
("Conunitment") and survey, survey update or survey inspection (collectively, "Survey"), 
together with any update thereof, to Seller's attorneys, addressed to the attention of Matthew 
Danow, Esq. Purchaser shall be deemed to have agreed to accept title subject to such matters as 
disclosed in the Commitment and/or Survey, unless, within sevenfive (;) business days after 
Purchaserls-reeeipt-ef-he-saine7prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period (time being 
of the essencel, Purchaser shall deliver a notice in the form of a letter or e-mail from Purchaser's 
attorney to Seller's attorney (an "Objection Notice") to Seller identifying any encumbrances or 
objections to title (other than Permitted Exceptions) as disclosed by the Commitment and/or 
Survey. In the event Purchaser shall fail to timely deliver an Objection Notice, time being of the 
essence, all matters, encumbrances or objections to title as disclosed by the Commitment and/or 
Survey shall be deemed to be Permitted Exceptions, Seller shall have no obligation to cause to be 
removed (and Purchaser agrees to take title subject to) any such matters, encumbrances or 
objections to title. except that Seller shall cause to be removed (and Purchaser shall not be 
required to object to) (i) any mortgages, financing statements or similar security instruments 
placed on the Property in connection with Seller's financing of the Property (subject to the 
provisions of Section 7.4). (ii) any mechanic's liens against the Property for work performed. and 
(iii) liens which can be cured by the payment of a liquidated sum of money provided that Seller 
shall not be obligated to incur or pay sums in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and 
No/10O Dellarafafal
 in_the_aggreg,ate in order to cure any 
this clause (iii) (collectively the "Re. ' a• . 
• It 
• II 
 . In the event the Commitment 
and/or Survey is updated, Purchaser shall have until the earlier of: (a) two (2) business days 
following its receipt of the same; or (b) the Closing, time being of the essence as to the earlier of 
the foregoing dates, to deliver an Objection Notice to any new matters disclosed by such update. 
Purchaser shall have no right to object to any matter disclosed or raised in any update to the 
Commitment and/or Survey to the extent such matters were previously disclosed in the 
Commitment and/or Survey (or previous updates of either) and Purchaser did not timely deliver 
an Objection Notice, time being of the essence, as required pursuant to this Section 4.1 or if such 
updated matters otherwise constitute a Permitted Exception. 
4.2 
If Seller shall be unable to cause to be removed any exceptions or defects 
disclosed by the Commitment and/or Survey (or update thereof), which do not constitute 
Permitted Exceptions, or is otherwise unable to convey title in accordance with this Agreement, 
by the Closing Date, Seller shall have the right to adjourn the Closing Date for up to sixty (60) 
days (the "Extended Removal Period"), in the aggregate, to attempt to remove such exceptions 
or defects; provided, however, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Seller 
shall not be required to bring any action or proceeding, or pay or incur any expenses in order to 
remove or correct any exceptions, encumbrances or defects except, that Seller shall cause to be 
removed (i) any mortgage: or similar iccurity instrumonto placcd on tho Property in connootion 
with-Sellerls-finaneing-ef-the-Prepeaty-Esubjeef-fe-the-previsiens-ef-Seetien-774-)r fii)-any 
Does Seller have an existing survey? 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808348
--- PAGE 11 ---
aggregate-in-erder--te-eare-any-liens-er-defeets-pur-suant-tii-this-etause-Eiii)drienuireaRemoxal 
Items. 
The foregoing sentence shall not affect the parties' obligation to prorate certain 
adjustments at and subsequent to the Closing. If, at the expiration of the Extended Removal 
Period, Seller remains unable to cause the exceptions or defects to be removed or corrected, or is 
otherwise unable to convey title in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, then Seller shall 
so notify Purchaser and Purchaser may elect either to: (a) terminate this Agreement by notice to 
Seller within ten (10) business days following the earlier of: (i) Purchaser's receipt of notice from 
Seller that Seller is or will be unable to cause such matters to be removed; or (ii) the expiration 
of Seller's Extended Removal Period; or (b) accept such title as Seller may convey and shall 
complete the transaction as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, but in no event shall 
Purchaser be entitled to any abatement of the Purchase Price or to any lost profits or other 
damages, deductions, offsets or credits. In the event Purchaser fails to notify Seller of its 
election within such ten (10) business day period, Purchaser shall be deemed to have elected to 
preeeed-te-e-leseterminate hereunder in accordance with the preceding clause "(ba)". In the 
event Purchaser timely delivers notice of its termination of this Agreement pursuant to the 
preceding clause "(a)", or is deemed to have elected the same, this Agreement shall thereupon 
terminate, Purchaser shall be entitled to the return of the Deposit together with any interest 
earned thereon and neither party shall have any further liability or obligation to the other 
hereunder except those expressly stated to survive termination of this Agreement. 
4.3 
It is expressly understood and agreed that Purchaser shall not have the right to 
terminate this Agreement by reason of the existence of any conditions which Purchaser has 
agreed to take subject to or has otherwise waived or has been deemed to waive (each as 
expressly provided in this Agreement), the Purchase Price shall not, in any respect, be reduced, 
nor shall Purchaser be entitled to any damages by reason thereof. Purchaser agrees that upon 
settlement at Closing, it shall be deemed and considered as full compliance by Seller of all 
representations and warranties made by Seller in this Agreement, and all obligations and 
agreements by Seller to be performed, except those representations and warranties and 
obligations and agreements stated in this Agreement to expressly survive the Closing. 
4.4 
If the Property shall, at the time of Closing, be subject to any liens, judgments, 
encumbrances or other title defects which are not otherwise Permitted Exceptions, the same shall 
not be deemed an objection to title or grounds for Purchaser's refusal to close hereunder; 
provided, that, at Closing, at Purchaser's option, either: (a) Seller uses all or a portion of the 
Purchase Price to satisfy the same and delivers to Purchaser and/or the Title Company 
instruments in recordable form sufficient to satisfy and discharge of record such liens and 
encumbrances, together with the cost of recording or filing such instruments; or (b) the Title 
Company will otherwise issue or bind itself to issue a policy which will insure Purchaser against 
collection thereof from, or enforcement thereof, against the Property. Upon request, Purchaser 
agrees to provide (out of the balance of the Purchase Price), at Closing, separate certified or 
official bank checks, as directed by Seller, to facilitate the satisfaction or removal of any of such 
II 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808349
--- PAGE 12 ---
liens or defects. Notwithstanding anything contained in Articles 4 or 5 to the contrary, Purchaser 
may at any time accept such title as Seller can convey, without reduction of the Purchase Price. 
4.5 
[Purchaser agrees to purchase the Property subject to any and all notes or notices 
of violations of law, or municipal ordinances, orders, designations or requirements whatsoever 
noted in or issued by any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, agency or 
bureau or any other governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Premises (collectively, 
"Violations") and any condition or state of repair or disrepair or other matter or thing, whether 
or not noted, which, if noted, would result in a Violation being placed on the Premises, provided
that Seller shall at the time of Closing pay any liquidated fine imposed with respect to any and all 
such Violations_or give Purchaacr a credit again3t the Purchinc Price for such amounta, in all 
Seller shall have no duty to remove or comply with or repair any condition, matter or thing 
whether or not noted, which resulted in a Violation, or which, if noted, would result in a 
Violation being placed on the Hotel, and Seller shall have no duty to remove or comply with or 
repair any of the aforementioned Violations or other conditions, or to remove the same of 
record, and Purchaser shall accept the Property subject to all such Violations, the existence of 
any conditions at the Premises which would give rise to such Violations, if any, and any 
governmental claims arising from the existence of such Violations, in each case without any 
abatement of or credit against the Purchase Price.2 
5. APPORTIONMENTS.
5.1 
The following items are to be apportioned as of 11:59 M. on the day 
immediately prior to the Closing Date (the "Apportionment Date"): 
5.1.1 
Real estate taxes, sewer rents and taxes, water rates and charges (to the 
extent not accounted for pursuant to Section 5.1.1 above), vault charges and taxes, business 
improvement district taxes and assessments and any other governmental taxes, charges or 
assessments levied or assessed against the Property (collectively, "Property Taxes"), on the 
basis of the respective periods for which each is assessed or imposed; 
5.1.1.1 
Property Taxes shall be apportioned on the basis of the fiscal period 
for which assessed. If the Closing Date shall occur before an assessment is made or a tax 
rate is fixed for the tax period in which the Closing Date occurs, the apportionment of 
such Property Taxes based thereon shall be made at the Closing Date by applying the tax 
rate for the preceding year to the latest nssessexl valuation, but, promptly after the 
assessment and/or tax rate for the current year are fixed, the apportionment thereof shall 
be recalculated and Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be, shall make an appropriate 
payment to the other within five (5) business days based on such recalculation. If as of the 
Sertion subjert to review of outstanding violations 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808350
--- PAGE 13 ---
Closing Date, the Property or any portion thereof shall be affected by any special or 
general assessments which are or may become payable in installments of which the first 
installment is then a lien and has become payable, Seller shall pay the unpaid installments 
of such assessments which are due prior to the Closing Date and Purchaser shall pay the 
installments which are due on or after the Closing Date. In the event either party 
succeeds in obtaining a reduction of any Property Taxes, then any refund or recovery 
(whether in the form of a check, statement or account credit or future rate reductions (to 
the extent attributable to a refund or recovery for prior overpayments) or otherwise) shall 
be apportioned between the parties as of the Apportionment Date; provided, that any 
reasonable costs and fees of either party applicable to obtaining said reduction (provided 
there is a recovery or refund resulting therefrom) shall be apportioned pro rata in 
accordance with the respective percentages (as of the Apportionment Date) of the 
recovery or refund received or paid by Seller and Purchaser. 
5.1.2 
Fuel, if any, as estimated by Seller's supplier, at current cost, together with 
any sales taxes payable in connection therewith, if any (a letter from Seller's fuel supplier shall be 
conclusive evidence as to the quantity of fuel on hand and the current cost therefor); 
5.1.3 
Closing, if any; 
Prepaid fees for licenses and other permits assigned to Purchaser at the 
5.1.4 
Amounts prepaid or payable by the owner of the Property under the 
Assumed Service Contracts and the Assumed Equipment Leases• and 
5.1.5 
Advance Deposits and other amounts received by Seller (whether paid in 
cash or by credit card) in respect of Bookings to be fulfilled on or after the Closing Date; 
5.1.6 
Prepaid operating and advertising expenses; 
5.1.7 
Commissions of credit and referral organizations related to bookings for 
which Purchaser shall receive payment; 
5.1.8 
Outstanding gift certificates, that have not yet expired ("Vouchers" )• and 
5.1.9 
All other charges and fees which are customarily prorated and adjusted in 
similar transactions. 
5.2 
If there are water meters at the Property, the unfixed water rates and charges and 
sewer rents and taxes covered by the meters, if any, shall be apportioned, to the extent not paid 
directly by any tenant: (a) on the basis of an actual reading done within thirty (30) days prior to 
the Apportionment Date; or (b) if such reading has not been made, on the basis of the last 
available reading. If the apportionment is not based on an actual current reading, then upon the 
taking of a subsequent actual reading, the parties shall, within ten (10) business days following 
notice of the determination of such actual reading, readjust such apportionment and Seller shall 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808351
--- PAGE 14 ---
deliver to Purchaser or Purchaser shall deliver to Seller, as the case may be, the amount 
determined to be due upon such readjustment. 
5.3 
Charges for all electricity, steam, gas and other utility services, to the extent not 
paid directly by any tenant (collectively, "Utilities") shall be billed to Seller's account up to the 
Apportionment Date and, from and after the Apportionment Date, all Utilities shall be billed to 
Purchaser's account. If for any reason such changeover in billing is not practicable as of the 
Closing Date as to any Utility, such Utility shall be apportioned on the basis of actual current 
readings or, if such readings have not been made, on the basis of the most recent bills that are 
available. If any apportionment is not based on an actual current reading, then upon the taking of 
a subsequent actual reading, the parties shall, within ten (10) business days following notice of 
the determination of such actual reading, readjust such apportionment and Seller shall promptly 
deliver to Purchaser, or Purchaser shall promptly deliver to Seller, as the case may be, the 
amount determined to be due upon such adjustment. 
5.4 
All deposits (including any interest thereon due the party making such deposit) 
from guests or others made as security or in connection with future services to be rendered, shall 
be credited to Purchaser at the Closing. Purchaser shall assume responsibility for the amount so 
credited and shall hold Seller harmless therefrom. Seller shall hold Purchaser harmless from any 
liability for deposits paid to or held by Seller and not so credited with respect to the Property. 
5.5 
Hotel Operation Apportionments: 
5.5.1 
Room Revenue. 
All revenues received or to be received from 
transient guests on account of room rents for the period ending on the Apportionment Date shall 
belong to Seller, and for the period beginning on the day immediately following the 
Apportionment Date such revenues shall belong to Purchaser; provided, however, that revenues 
received or "posted" in the normal course after the time Seller normally closes its front desk 
activity for the "night" audit for the Apportionment Date (the "Front Desk Closing Hour") shall 
belong to Purchaser. The accounts receivable of registered
 at the Property who have not 
checked out and were occupying rooms as of 11:59 M. on the Apportionment Date are 
collectively called the "Current Ledger"; the portion of the Current Ledger that relates to the 
night preceding the Closing Date (the "Pre-Closing Ledger") shall be split 50/50 between Seller 
and Purchaser net of sales and occupancy taxes, which shall be paid to Seller, who shall pay to 
the appropriate taxing authority the sales and occupancy taxes assessed on the entire Pre-Closing 
Ledger. At Closing, Purchaser shall pareveraedit to Seller the Seller's share of the proceeds of 
the Current Ledger attributable to each guest's account for the period ending on the 
Apportionment Date, less two percent (2%) of Seller's share to account for applicable credit 
card and travel agent commissions allocable to such share, which commissions shall be paid by 
Purchaser out of such proceeds when and as collected. 
5.5.2 
Accounts Receivable & Accounts Payable. All accounts receivable (other 
than the Current Ledger) originating on or before the Apportionment Date shall be purehased-by 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808352
--- PAGE 15 ---
((90%-)-ef-the-fage-maltte-ef-all-Fegeivaktles-aged-fnere-than ninety-(90)-days,Parehasef -shall-have 
the-right-te-reeeiver eelleetr 
retained by 
credit therefore between Seller and Purchaser. Any such accounts receivable. A list of all such
collected by Purchaser or Seller after theflosing_from_any person that are not otherwise directed 
to a particular invoice or purchase order shall be applied as follows (determined as of the date of 
receipt of such payment): (A) first, in payment of accounts receivable (other-than-the-Gurrent 
Le4geF)-shall-he-pfeseated-te-and-init4aled-by-P-Etrehaser-and-Seller-at-Glesingby such person 
which accrued after Closing, and (B) second, in payment of accounts receivable by such person 
which accrued prior to Closin,O 
Each such amount, less any costs of collection (includinp 
reasonable attorneys' fees) reasonably allocable thereto, shall be promptly paid over to the party 
so entitled to  payment. Any indebtedness, accounts payable, liabilities or obligations of any kind 
or nature related to Seller or the Property for the periods prior to and including the 
Apportionment Date shall be retained and paid by Seller, and Purchaser shall not be or become 
liable therefor, except to the extent, if any, that Purchaser receives a credit therefor at Closing or 
otherwise expressly assumes such liabilities pursuant to this Agreement. 
5.5.3 
Food & Beverage and Vending Machine Revenue. Any and all revenues 
earned or derived by Seller from the operation of the Hotel or the sale of goods or services to 
guests, patrons, or occupants of the Hotel on or before the Apportionment Date, other than 
revenues described in Section 5.5.1, but including, without limitation, revenues from the sale of 
food, the sale of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, rental of meeting and banquet rooms, 
telephone sales, pay television sales, valet and parking services, and other similar revenues, 
together with any sales tax or other taxes thereon, shall belong to Seller. Vending machine 
proceeds shall be counted as close to the Front Desk Closing Hour as is possible and the net 
amount thereof shall be credited to Seller at Closing. 
5.5.4 
Accounting. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all 
apportionments and adjustments shall be made on an accrual basis in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A final accounting of the apportionments and adjustments shall 
be prepared by Seller's and Purchaser's representatives at the Hotel on the Apportionment Date 
or on the Closing Date (in either case, subject to adjustment as provided below). The results of 
the accounting shall be incorporated into the Closing Statement. To the extent the exact amount 
of any adjustment item provided for in this Article 5 cannot be precisely determined on the 
Closing Date, the parties shall estimate the amount thereof, for purposes of computing the net 
amount due Seller or Purchaser pursuant to this Article 5 and shall determine the exact amount 
thereof not later than one hundred eighty (180) days after the Closing Date; provided, however 
with respect to any real estate taxes, personal property taxes, special assessments and vault 
charges, if any, the determination will be made on or before the later of one hundred eighty (180) 
days after the Closing Date or the date of Purchaser's receipt of such tax or assessment bills. 
5.5.5 
Employees. 
Seller shall be solely responsible for any liability for 
payment of all employees' wages, accrued vacation pay, bonuses, pension benefits and other 
benefits earned by and due to or accrued to employees at the Property through 11:59 M. on the 
Apportionment Date, together with F.I.C.A., unemployment and other taxes and benefits due 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808353
--- PAGE 16 ---
513950-2-W 
from any employer of such employees. Purchaser shall be solely responsible for the payment of 
all such amounts from and after 11:59 M. on the Apportionment Date. 
5.5.6 
Unopened Fixed Asset Supplies and Inventories. At Closing, Seller shall 
receive a credit for the cost of any unopened Fixed Asset Supplies and Inventories at the Hotel 
on the Apportionment Date. The parties will cooperate in a preparation of an inventory of same 
two (2) days prior to the Closing Date. 
5.5.7 
House Funds. At Closing, Seller shall receive a credit for all the cash on 
hand at the Hotel as of the Closing Date, and such cash on hand shall become the property of 
Purchaser as of the Closing. 
555,E 
Lease Rents. There shall be no proration with respect to the Restaurant 
5.6 
The provisions of this Article 5 shall survive the Closing or termination of this 
Agreement. 
6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARTIES. 
6.1 
Seller warrants, represents and covenants to and with Purchaser that the following 
are true and correct enassf the date hereof in-all-material-respeeisand which shall remain and he 
true and correct as of the Closing: 
6.1.1 
Seller is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing in the 
State of Delaware and authorized to transact business in the State of New York. 
6.1.2 
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated herein have been duly authorized by all requisite action of Seller. 
6-13 
a 
(as defined below), nor the performance by Seller of any of its obligations under any of Seller 
Closing Debarks. no _the consummation_lay Seller of the_transactions described in this 
Agreement will (a) violate any provision of the organizational or governing documents of Seller 
(_) violate any applicable law to which Seller is subject, or (c) result in a violation or breach of or 
constitute a default under any contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which 
Seller is a party, including any other agreement to acquire the Property, or (d) result in the 
creation or imposition of any lien or encumbrance on the Property or any portion thereof 
6.1.4 
Except  for the ap 
connection with the transfer of the Permits, and the recordation of the Seller Closing Deliveries, 
or other person is necessary for the execution or delivery by Seller of the Seller Closing 
Deliveries, or the performance by Seller of any of its obligations under any of the Seller Closing 
Deliveries, or the consummation by Seller of the transactions described in this Agreement. except 
EFTA00808354
--- PAGE 17 ---
to the extent the failure to obtain such permit, Authorization. consent or approval would not 
have a material adverse effect on the Property.AffSellertsailityldconsummatethdtransactions 
described in this Agreement. 
6.1.5 
6.1.3  Seller is not a "foreign person" within the meaning of Section 1445 of 
the Internal Revenue Code 1986, as amended, or any regulations promulgated thereunder 
(collectively, the "Code"). 
1 6 
Neither Seller nor any of its constituents have engaged in any dealings or 
transactions, directly or indirectly: (a) in contravention of any U.S., international or other money 
laundering 
a 
Secrecy Act, the United States Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 the United States 
International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financiruir Act of 2001 Tradini,
with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. § I et seq.. as amended). or any foreign asset control regulations 
of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V. as amended) or any 
enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto: or (b) in contravention of the Uniting and 
Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct 
Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107-56)_Executive Order No 11224 dated September 24 
2001 issued by the President of the United States (Executive Order Blocking Property and 
Prohibnmg Transactions
to
_o_r_Support 
Terrorism) as may be amended or supplemented from time to time ("Anti-Terrorism Order") 
or on behalf of terrorists or terrorist organizations, including those persons or entities that are 
included on any relevant lists maintained by the United Nations, North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization, Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development, Financial Action Task 
Force. U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission, U.S. 
Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Central Intelligence Agency, U.S. Internal Revenue 
provisions of this Section 6.1.6 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
6.1.7 
Neither Seller nor any of its constituents: (a) are or will be conducting an 
business or engaging in any transaction with any person appearing on the U.S. Treasury 
Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control list of restrictions and prohibited persons: or (b) 
are a person described in §1 of the Anti-Terrorism Order, and to the best of Seller's knowledge 
respectively neither Seller nor any of its affiliates have engaged in any dealings or transactions or 
otherwise been associated with any such person. The provisions of this Section 6.1.7 shall 
survive the ClosinP or termination of this Agreement 
618 
enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
6.1.9 
Seller is not acting on behalf of an "employee benefit plan" (as defined in 
Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
La)) 
subject to Title I of ERISA or a "Plan- described in Section 4975 of the Code and 
no non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
will result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808355
--- PAGE 18 ---
Property does not represent the asset of any (a) "employee benefit plan", (b) any plan, account or 
state, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or 
the Code, or (c) entity whose underlying assets are considered to include "plan assets" of any 
such plan. account or arrangement under Department of Labor Regulation 2510.3-101 or other 
laws or regulations that are similar to such regulation. 
1.10 
6.1.4 To Seller's-knowledge,
 are no condemnation or eminent 
domain proceedings or special assessments pending, or to Seller's tietttal-knowledge, threatened, 
in writing, against the Property. 
6.1.5 To Seller's knowledge, there is no action, suit, litigation, hearing or 
administrative-preeeeding-pending-against-Sellerr with-respeet-te-all-or-any-pertion-ef-the 
PropeFPfrin-eaeh-ease-whieh-is-not-er-wetdd-not-be-eevered-by-insuramee-and-whiehr  if-adveFsely 
dctcnnined-weukl-have-a-material advcne-effeet--on-the-ase-er-opefation of Property or prohibit 
1.11 
There are no actions, suits, arbitrations, governmental investigations or 
other proceedings at law or in equity pending or judgment' decrees or orders entered on such 
proceedings. or to Seller's knowledge, threatened against Seller or affecting the Property before 
governmental authority. Seller has not received any written notice of a violation of
any applicable law with respect to the Property which has not been cured or dismissed. 
1 12 
1 6  Except for the-Equipment-Lenses-and-that certain Restaurant Lease 
(the "Restaurant Lease") dated July 26, 2018, by and between Seller, as landlord and EDC 31 
LLC, as tenant, for a portion of the ground floor and basement of the Property, Seller has 
entered into no leases, licenses or other occupancy agreements affecting any portion of the 
Property aa of the date hereof which will be binding upon Purchaser following the Closing Date.1
other than with transient hotel guests in the ordinary course of business. Without limiting the 
foregoings_n0 current guesausSuYedidrisixtalieito_sflaltulatianne Qt_morenoni 
for thirty (301 or more consecutive days. 
6.1.13 
A list of all equipment leases affectin• the Pro. -rt 
other than the Access 
Group Equipment Lease (as defined below)) is attached hereto as Schedule 1 (the "Equinment 
Leases"). True correct and complete copies of the Access-Group-Equipment Lease documents 
identified on Schedule I attached hereto and made a part hereof have been made available to 
Purchaser. The Equipment Leases are in full force and effect. Seller has received no written 
notices of any default by Seller under the Equipment Leases, and Seller knows of no material 
defaults by any other party to the Equipment Leases. 
1 14 
6714-Seller has entered into no service, maintenance, supply, brokerage or 
other contracts in connection with the ownership, use, maintenance and/or operation of the 
Property ("Service Contracts") as of the date hereof whieh-will-be-binding-on-the-Parehaser 
fellewing-the-Closing Date“m-her-t-Intn-t-he--SerAee-Gerit-r-itet-s
attached hereto and made a part hereof. True correct and complete copies of the Service 
Contracts identified-on-Schedule 2 have been made available to Purchaser. Each of the Service 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808356
--- PAGE 19 ---
Contracts are in full force and effect in all material respects. Seller has received no written 
notices of any default by Seller under any of the Service Contracts, and Seller knows of no 
material defaults by any other party to the Service Contracts. 
Notwithstanding anything 
contained-in-this-Agfeement-ie-iheeentraryr Seller-elees-nei-represent-er-warrant-that-any 
I idol--.Ser-viee-Genicaet-will-be-in-feree-er-effeet-as-of-the-Glesiag-er--thai-the-ether--panies 
thereto-will-not-be-in-defituk-thereunderr ner-shall-it-be-a-eenelition-to-Purehaserls-obfigatien-te 
elese-her-eundeF-that-ansfrSer-viee-Gentraet-he-ig-effeet-at-the-Glesing-Date-Or-that-theFe-aet-be 
any default-thereunder. 
6.1.1 
Seller has no employees and no individuals are employed at the Property 
other than employeesDfitsexisting manner and 
are employed on a full-time or Dart-time basis by the tenant under the Restaurant Lease or any 
third-party Yendo_t_nrosidintsenficesio thealo el. _As_o_f_the Closing.ieller_has_paid or made 
provision for payment of all salaries. wages. and benefits. 
6.1.16 
6,14-There are no union or collective bargaining agreements affecting the 
Property other than (i) the Collective Bargaining Agreement, effective July 1, 2013 between the 
Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. ("HANYC") and the Associated Hotels and Motels of 
Greater New York ("AHMGNY"), as employer and The New York Hotel and Motels Trade 
Council, AFL-CIO (the "Union"), as amended and extended pursuant to that certain 
Memorandum of Understanding, dated as of June 
, 2015 by and among HANY and 
AHMGNY, as employer and the Union, as the same has been or may hereafter be amended from 
time to time (the "Collective Bargaining Agreement"), and (ii) that certain "side letter" dated 
May 12, 2015 (the "CBA Side Letter', together with the Collective Bargaining Agreement. the 
"CBA_) between the Union and Seller's predecessor-in-interest regarding the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement.  A true, correct and complete copy of the CBA has been provided to 
Purchaser 
 Seller has received no written notice regarding any default by Seller under the 
contrarr-Seller-does-nei-represent-Of-warrani-that-the-Gelleetive-Bargaining-Agreement-will-be 
in-fecee-er-effeet-as-ef-the-Ck}sing-er-that-the-tatther--paFties-theFete-veill-net-be-in-default 
thereunderr nor-shall-it-be-a-condition-to-PurehasSebligation-te-elose-hereunder-that-the 
Gelleetive-Bartaigingagreemeni-be-in-effeet-at-the-Glesing-Date-of-that-there-fiet-be-aily4efault 
thereunder,CBA. To Seller's knowledge, other than with respect to the CBA (i) there is no 
organizational effort currently being made or threatened by or on behalf of any labor orgAnization 
or trade union to organize any employees, (ii) no demand for recognition of any employees has 
been made by or on behalf of anyiabsw_oruanizationorinideunion_and (iiii_nopaitionliis been
filed. nor has any proceeding been instituted by any employee or group of employees with any 
relations board or comm;ccion
 recognition of a collective bargaining representative, 
To Seller's knowledge. there is no pending or threatened employee strike, work stoppage 
slowdown, picketing or material labor dispute with respect to any Employees, and there have 
Discuss contents of this and whpthpr it is assignahle 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808357
--- PAGE 20 ---
been no such issues since Seller's acquisition of the Property. Except for the New York Hotel 
Trades Council and Hotel Association of New York City, Inc, Pension Fund (the 
"Multiemployer Pension Plan"), Seller is not a party to (i) any "employee benefit plan". as 
defined in ERISA, or(ii) any other multiemphyer_pension plan. 
6769-There-are-no-eximing-management-agreenientii-relating-te-the-Prepertr ether 
thaa-that-eertain-Maftagernent-Agreementr dated-as-ef-Jone46,20-14r  made-by-and-between-Life 
Hotel-Operator LLC (Sellerss-predeeesser-in-interestkas-owrterr and-GAM-Hespitality, LLC, 11 
Delaware-limited-liabilitr eempanreManageelkas-rnanagerr as-assigned-to-Seller-purauant-te 
that-certain Consent, Assignment-and-Asssmption-of-Managefnent-Agreementr dated-as-of-May 
2-77204-6nittcle-by-aittl-arneng-Life-Hetel-Gperater-L-L-Gr&eller-atiel-Mariager-fsuelt-agreementr as 
Agreemem-has-been-made-aaailable-to-Ptwehaserr12he-Managemem-Agreement-is-in-full-feree 
and Seller knows of no material defaults by Manager under the Management Agreement. 
or-warrant-that-the-Management Agreement-will-be-in-foree-er-effeet-as-of-the-Closing-Or-that-the 
close-hereunder-that the Management-Agreement-be-in-effeet-at-the-Closing-Date-OF-that-there 
net-be-my-elefault-thereurklee 
6.1.17 
There are no management contracts, franchise agreements, license 
agreements_or_similar contractual lrrang,Pipents relating to the Property that will saryive_the 
Closing. 
6.1.18 
Seller has not received any written notice from any governmental authority 
of the presence or release of any hazardous substances in violation of any applicable 
environmental laws. 
19 
section or chanter of Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended, or under any similar law or 
statute of the_U_nited_States or_ any stale thereof, relating to hankruota insolvency, 
reorganization. winding up or composition or adiustment of its debts: and no such petition, case 
or proceeding has been filed against it which has not been dismissed, vacated or stayed on a 
al-
and it has not been adjudicated as a bankrupt or insolvent or consented to. nor filed an answer 
admitting or failing reasonably to contest an allegation of bankruptcy or insolvency. 
6,1,22 
Seller has delivered to Purchaser, or made available to Purchaser for 
examination. tr 
correct and moc
plete conies of the monthly_uuerating_statements for the 
calendar years 2016. 2017 and 2018, and any months-to-date in 2019. 
6.1.21 
Other than day-to-day repairs and cosmetic refurbishment, there is no capital 
improvement work at the Property that has commenced on or before the Effective Date that 
Seller reasonably expects not to be completed prior to Closing. 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808358
--- PAGE 21 ---
0.1.22 A true, correct and complete list of all Vouchers has been provided to 
Purchaser 
I 21 
Seller has good and valid title to all Personal Property, which shall be free 
and clear of all liens and encumbrances as of the Closing. 
6.2 
As used in this Agreement or in any certificate or other document delivered 
pursuant hereto, the phrases "to the best of Seller's knowledge", "to Seller's knowledge", "to 
Seller's actual knowledge" and any derivations thereof shall be construed to mean the current, 
actual knowledge of David Mitchell and the general manager of the Property without any 
obligation to make any investigation or inquiry, and shall not include any knowledge which may 
be imputed to Seller or the knowledge of any other person. Purchaser acknowledges that the 
individualindimiduals named above isgys named solely for the purpose of defining and narrowing 
the scope of Seller's knowledge and not for the purpose of imposing any personal liability on or 
creating any duties running from such indiyidualindividuals to Purchaser. Purchaser covenants 
that it will bring no action of any kind against such individualindividuals, related to or arising out 
of these representations and warranties. 
6.3 
Purchaser hereby warrants, represents and covenants to and with Seller that the 
following are true and correct as of the date hereof and which shall remain and be true and 
correct as of the Closing: 
6.3.1 
Purchaser is a  
limited liabilit com an  duly organized 
and validly existing in the State of 
 and has taken all necessary action to 
authorize this purchase and consummate the transactions contemplated herein. 
6.3.2 
Purchaser has full power and right to enter into this Agreement and full 
power and right to consummate the transactions contemplated herein and no other consents or 
approval by or from any other party are necessary for Purchaser to consummate these 
transactions. 
6.3.3 Purchaser's Federal Employer Identification Number is  
§.2.2 
673A—There are no suits pending or threatened which might result in a 
material adverse change in the condition of Purchaser or otherwise prevent Purchaser from 
consummating the transactions contemplated herein. 
nag 
6,375-This Agreement constitutes a binding agreement upon Purchaser and is 
enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
6.3 5 
673,6-Purchaser is not acquiring the Property with the assets of an employee 
benefit plan (as defined in §3(3) of the-Empleyee-RetifeFnent-ifIGOR4e-SeeuFity-Aet-ef-1474r  as 
ameneledERISA or if plan assets will be used to acquire the Property, Purchaser will deliver to 
Seller at Closing a certificate containing such factual representations as shall permit Seller and its 
counsel to conclude that no prohibited transaction would result from the consummation of the 
transaction contemplated by this Agreement. Purchaser is not a "party in interest" within the 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808359
--- PAGE 22 ---
meaning of §3(3) of ERISA with respect to any beneficial owner of Seller. The provisions of this 
Section 6.3.6 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
6.1 6 
6737-7—Neither Purchaser nor any of its constituents have engaged in any 
dealings or transactions, directly or indirectly: (a) in contravention of any U.S., international or 
other money laundering regulations or conventions, including, without limitation, the United 
States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the United 
States International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, 
Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. § I et seq., as amended), or any foreign asset control 
regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as 
amended) or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto; or (b) in contravention 
of the-Uniting-amd-StfengtheninganseFiga-by-PFeyidingappr-opFiate-Thels-Requiced-te4ftiereept 
and-Obstfuet-Terrefism-Aebef-2004-(-Publie-Law-1-07-56frEgeeutlye-erder--Ne=13224-dated 
Preperty-and-Prohibitirig-Trensactions-with-Per-gens-Whe-Cemmit, Threaten-ta-Commit, or 
Support Terrorism), an may be amended or supplemented from time to time ("Anti Terrorism 
Orderm) or on behalf of terrorists or terrorist organizations, including those persons or entities 
that are included on any relevant lists maintained by the United Nations, North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization, Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development, Financial Action Task 
Force, U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission, U.S. 
Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Central Intelligence Agency, U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service, or any country or organization, all as may be amended from time to time. The 
provisions of this Section 6.3.7 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
6.3.7 
67-378—Neither Purchaser nor any of its constituents: (a) are or will be 
conducting any business or engaging in any transaction with any person appearing on the U.S. 
Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control list of restrictions and prohibited 
persons; or (b) are a person described in §I of the Anti-Terrorism Order, and to the best of 
Purchaser's knowledge, respectively neither Purchaser nor any of its affiliates have engaged in 
any dealings or transactions, or otherwise been associated with any such person. The provisions 
of this Section 6.3.8 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
6,379-Pur-ehaser,for-itself-and-its-agentsr  affiliatesr  suggessers-and-a*signs,hereby 
releages-aitd-fereyef-diseharges-Sellerr its-entpleyeesr agenar affittaiesr sueeessers-psid-assigtis 
frens-amy-and-all-Fighisr elairas-and-densands-ai-law-er--in-equityr whether-4newn-er-anknewn-at 
physigal-andier-envireamental-genditien-ef-the-Prope+tyr igeludingr  witheet-limiletigar  ansfrelains 
for-indemnification-er-eentr-ibutien-arising-under-the-C-empfehensive-Environmental-Respense; 
'ompensatienn ind-Liability-Aet-(42-1478,C,§§-9604-et-seq,-)-er-any-similar-Pederal,Siate-Of 
local-statuter rule or-ordinanee-relaling to liability-of property owners for environmental matters. 
6.3.10 Purchaser hereby represents-and wan'ants4o-Seller-and-acknowlcdges 
and-agrees-that-Purehaser-has-intideAs of the end of the Due Diligence Period and as of the 
Closing Date. Purchaser shall have had the opportunity to make an independent investigation of 
the Property, T-itngible—Preperty—Rta
, 
, Laws and Regulations,
 Gelleetive—Bargaining 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808360
--- PAGE 23 ---
Agreement (as defined herein), CBA, Service Contracts and Equipment Leases and all other 
matters affecting the use, operation, condition, rights, and all other considerations which 
Purchaser has or may hereafter have (collectively, the "Diligence Items"),5 and the physical or 
other conditions and qualities thereof. Furthermore, Purchaser is fully aware of the condition of 
the Diligence Items and Seller has not made nor has Purchaser relied upon any representation, 
warranty or promise with respect to the condition, value or state of repair of the Property, except 
as specifically set forth in this Agreement or in any Seller Closing Deliveries. Purchaser agrees to 
accept the Property in its "AS-IS", "WHERE-IS" and "WITH ALL FAULTS" condition as of 
the Closing Date, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in any Seller Closing 
Deliveries, and free from any warranties, express or implied, as to condition, merchantability, 
habitability, use for any particular purpose and any and all other matters concerning the Diligence 
Items. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Purchaser has not relied on any 
representations or warranties, and Seller has not made any representations or warranties, in 
either case, express or implied (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement  or in any Seller 
Closing Deliveries) as to: (a) the current or future real estate tax liability, assessment or 
valuation of the Diligence Items; (b) the potential qualification of all or any Diligence Items for 
any benefits conferred by federal, state or municipal laws, whether for subsidies, special real 
estate tax treatment, insurance, financing, or any other benefits, whether similar or dissimilar to 
those enumerated; (c) the compliance of the Property, in its current or any future state, with 
applicable zoning ordinances and the ability to obtain a variance in respect to the Property and 
possible noncompliance with any zoning ordinance or the existence of development rights; (d) 
the availability of any financing for the purchase, alteration, rehabilitation, maintenance, 
operation of the Property (or its compliance of or with any Diligence Items) from any source, 
including but not limited to Municipal, County, State, City or Federal governments, authorities or 
any institutional or private lenders; (e) the current or future use of the Diligence Items; and/or (0 
the compliance of the DiligenceProperty with any environmental laws or other laws involving 
safety, health or welfare of persons and/or the environment. Seller is not liable or bound in any 
manner by, and makes no representations or warranties whatsoever with respect to, any verbal or 
written statements, representations, real estate brokers' "setups" or information pertaining to the 
Diligence Items furnished by any real estate broker, agent, employee, attorney or other person, 
unless the same are expressly set forth in this Agreement as a representation of Seller. Purchaser 
has made the foregoing representations and warranties with full and actual knowledge that Seller 
is relying on the same and that without Purchaser's having made the foregoing representations 
and warranties, Seller would not enter into this Agreement. Except as expressly provided herein 
or in any Seller Closing Deliveries Purchaser assumes the full risk of any loss or damage 
occasioned by any fact, circumstance, condition or defect pertaining to the Property. The 
provisions of this Section 67-3406.3.8 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
honks and rernrds nlans files etc chains, DD nerind 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808361
--- PAGE 24 ---
6.4 
The representations and warranties of Seller contained in Section 6.1 shall survive 
the Closing for ninety-(90) daystwelve (12) months following the Closing Date (the "Limitation 
Period")  except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 6.1 above and any action thereon by 
Purchaser must be commenced as and within the time periods provided in this Section 6.4, time 
being of the essence. Each such representation and warranty shall automatically be nall-and-void 
end-of no further force and effect on the ninety-first-(91")-day following the Closing-Date 
Per-dieser2s-sole-remedy-for-end of the Limitation Period, unless a claim has been with respect 
thereto by such date. Seller from and after the Closing. agrees to indemnify, defend and hold 
harmless Purchaser of and from all liahilitie 
losses, damves„ costs or expenses (inchulin,a 
without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) which Purchaser may suffer or 
incur by reason of (i) any breach by Seller of any-representation-er-wartanty-expressly-contained 
in this Agreement (subject tothe representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.1 which 
. 
• 
Sections 6.5 and _6 6}-shall 
to 
commenee-a4egal-pmeemling-against-Sellet-alleging-Sellerls-beeeels-ef-suels-teptesentation-ef 
warranty—and—that—Putehas•er—shell—have—soffered—aetuel damages—as—e—result—thereof—fa 
"Prneeedinekwhith-Proeeeding-must-be-eommenced, if-at-alir within-thitr(30)-days-after--the 
rypiratien-of-the-Limitatien-Periedrif-Purehaseshall4lave-timely-eernmeneed-a-Preeeeding-and 
a-eourt-ef-eempetent-juriselietien-shallr pursetutt-te-a-finalrizton-appeatable-erder-iri-eenneetion 
with-sueh-P-roeeethngr (4eteetnine-that (a)-Smilet-was-in-beeaeh-ef-the-applieable-repmsentetien-er 
warrmayh(b)-Pumhaser—soffereti-actual-tiamages-Oltentagesu)-hy-reasen-of-suels-breaehand 
(e)hereof and (ii) a breach by Seller of any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement 
occurring prior to Closing, provided that Purchaser did not have knowledge of such breach on-ef 
prior to the-Closing-Date-and-is-net-tleemed-te-haveAmmeledge-of-suelt-bmaeh-pursuant-to 
Seetion-6,5,fisen-Porehaser-shall-beentitled-te-teeSe-amamount-equal-te-the-Damagesr subjeet 
to-the-limit ations-set-ferth-in-Seetion-676,Any-seett-Damageestibjeet to-the-limitations-eenteined 
hereie-shall-be-paki-within-thiEty-(-304-days-fellewing-the-entpfref-stich-fina
ion-appealable 
mder-antl-deliyery-of-e-eepy-thereof-te-Sell 
losh
er-
The provisions of this Section 0.4 shall 
survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
6.5 
The representations and warranties of Seller set forth hereinin Section 6.1 are 
subject to the following limitations: (a) to the extent that Seller has delivered or made available 
to Purchaser or its representative any Diligence Items at any time prior to Closing, and such 
Diligence Items contain provisions inconsistent with any of such representations and warranties, 
and Purchaser proceeds to effectuate the Closing hereunder, then such representations and 
warranties shall be deemed to have been modified to conform to the provisions and/or 
information contained therein, and Purchaser shall be deemed to have knowledge thereof; and (b) 
in the event that, prior to the Closing, Purchaser or any of its representatives shall obtain 
knowledge of any information that is contradictory to, and would constitute the basis of a breach 
of, any representation or warranty or failure to satisfy any condition on the part of Seller, then, 
prior to Closing, Purchaser must deliver notice to Seller specifying such information. 
In the 
event Purchaser does not deliver such notice to Seller, such representation or warranty will be 
deemed to not have been breached and Purchaser shall not be entitled to bring any action after 
the Closing Date based on such representation or warranty. The provisions of this Section 6.5 
shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808362
--- PAGE 25 ---
6.6 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Rafehaser-ntay-net 
bringany—aetienanyslaiflundemnification against Seller for a breach of any representation; 
warranty, indemnity or covenant of Seller contained in this Agreement or in any agroomont 
delivered-by-Seller-te-Parehaser-at-elesing or Watatali of Seller
 Section _6.4_ahovg shall be 
limited to claims in excess of Fifty Thousand and No/I00 ($50,000.00) Dollars in the aggregate 
(provided that Purchaser may recover the entirety of such claim from the "first dollar", subject to 
the limit on Seller's liability gentaincontained in this sentence), and Seller's aggregate liability for 
any and all claims arising out of any such covenants, representations and warranties shall not 
exceed Five-Htutdred--TItetratutd-artd-Ne400+$500;000;00)-Dellitnrin-additienr in-Ito-event-Muth 
darinagesr or for b at profita. unrealized expectationa or other aimilar claima, and inOne Mill.1 
and No/100 Dollars ($1.000.000.00): provided, however that there shall be no limitation as a 
reSulLof-anYscts_canslitutingfrausibiLaller.ss_sielerminedi
nvelentiurisdiction 
in a non-appealable decision. In every case Purchaser's recovery for any claims referenced above 
shall be net of any insurance proceeds and any indemnity, contribution or other similar payment 
recovered or recoverable by Purchaser from any insurance company, tenant, or other third party. 
The provisions of this Section 6.6 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
I/ 
Escrow. 
At Closing. Seller shall deposit with the Title Company for the 
LimitatianieristianJuntitmLemtaLtsiEtte 
5_09,01:/tto 
secure the payment and performance of Seller's obligations that survive Closing, pursuant to and 
in accordance with that certain Holdback Escrow Agreement by and between the Parties and the 
Title Company in the form attached hereto as Exhibit katheakeldhack Escrow 
fl 
6.8 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS 
AGREEMENT OR UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SELLER AND PURCHASER HEREBY 
I INCONDITIONAII Y AND IRRFVOCARI Y WAIVE AND DISCI .AIM A11. RIGHTS TO 
CLAIM OR SEEK ANY CONSEOUENTIAL. PUNITIVE. EXEMPLARY. STATUTORY OR 
TREBLE DAMAGES AND ACKNOWLEDGE AND AQREE_TEATILIE_RIGHT
ID 
REMEDIES IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE ADEQUATE IN ALL CIRCUMSTANCES 
FOR ANY CLAIMS THE PARTIES MIGHT HAVE WITH RESPECT THERETO. 
7. CLOSING DELIVERIES. 
7.1 
At or prior to the Closing, Seller shall make, have made or caused to be made, the 
following deliveries the 
• 
 " 
7.1.1 
Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Purchaser a bargain and 
sale deed for the Land, withoutwith covenants against grantor's acts, substantially in the form 
annexed hereto as Exhibit C, sufficient to convey fee simple title to the Property subject to, and 
in accordance with, the provisions of this Agreement (the "Deed"). 
7.1.2 
Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Purchaser, an assignment, 
substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit D (the "Assignment and Assumption of 
Equipment Leases") expressly made without representation or warranty by or recourse to Seller 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808363
--- PAGE 26 ---
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, of all Seller's right, title and interest in and to 
anythe_Assumed Equipment Leases affecting the Property. 
Purchaser shall accept such 
assignment and shall assume all obligations of Seller under the Assumed Equipment Leases. 
Seller shall deliver Seller's original counterparts or copies of all material documents comprising 
such Assumed Equipment Leases (to the extent in Seller's possession). 
7.1.3 
Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Purchaser, an assignment, 
substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit E (the "Assignment and Assumption of 
Assumed Service Contracts") expressly made without representation or warranty by or 
recourse to Seller except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, of all Seller's right, title and 
interest in and to any Availed Service Contracts affecting the Property which Purchaser has 
elected to assume pursuant to Section 8.1.2. Purchaser shall accept such assignment and shall 
assume all obligations of Seller under such Service Contracts. Seller shall deliver Seller's original 
counterparts or copies of all material documents comprising such Assumed Service Contracts (to 
the extent in Seller's possession). 
7.1.4 
Upon request, Seller shall execute and deliver to Purchaser a bill of sale, 
substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit F (the "Bill of Sale"), expressly made without 
representation or warranty by or recourse to Seller, conveying and transferring to Purchaser all 
right, title and interest of Seller in and to all Personal Property (to the extent owned by Seller) in 
the nature of personal property attached or appurtenant to, or located on, or used in connection 
with the use or operation of, or used or adapted for use in connection with the enjoyment or 
occupancy of, the Property, specifically excluding, however, the Excluded Property. 
7.1.5 
Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Purchaser, an assignment, 
substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit G (the "Assignment and Assumption of 
Collective Bargaining Agreement") expressly made without representation or warranty by or 
recourse to Seller except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, of all Seller's right, title and 
interest in and to the Gelleefive-Bargaining-Agreenientfaa. 
7.1.6 If-Purehaser-eleets-te-assume-the-Management-Agreement-pursuant-to-Seetion 
8,14,SelleF-shall-eeeuter  aeknewledge-aad-deliver-teacehaserr an-assignment-expressly“made 
without representation or warranty by-er recourse to Seller except as otherwise provided in-this 
Agreemeffir 
fide-and-interest-in-and-te-the-Management-Agreement-Ethe 
1.1.6 
gr177-All keys and combinations to any portion of the Property to the extent 
in Seller's possession or control. 
7.1.7 
;r1,8—An authorizing resolution and such other documents as may be 
reasonably necessary to evidence the authority and capacity of Seller and the authority of the 
signatory for Seller. 
2,La 
g7179-A certificate duly executed and acknowledged by Seller, in accordance 
with Section 1445 of the Code. 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808364
--- PAGE 27 ---
2S2 
7.1.10  Seller shall execute, acknowledge and deliver a New York City 
Department of Finance Real Property Transfer Tax Return in respect of the Property (the "City 
Transfer Tax Return"), a Combined Real Estate Transfer Tax Return and Credit Line 
Mortgage Certification Form TP-584 in respect to the Property (the "State Transfer Tax 
Return") and a New York State Real Property Transfer Report (the "RP-5217"). 
1 10 
7.1.11 Seller shall execute and deliver a closing statement, reflecting all 
proration and adjustments to the Purchase Price set forth in this Agreement (the "Closing 
Statement"). 
7.1.11 
been terminated and the tenant thereunder has vacated its 
Restaurant Lease, 
remises in accordance with the 
1 12 
Evidence reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser that its existing manager has 
been terminated. 
1 13 
Evidence reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser that Seller has terminated and 
made payment in full for any Service Contracts and Equipment Leases that are not Assumed 
Service 
uipmenaeases. 
1 14 
Evidence reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser that Seller has terminated and 
paid in full all amounts due under that certain Master Lease, dated as of Au°ust 18, 2017. made 
by and between Access Point Financial. Inc. ("Access Point"), as lessor and Seller, as lessee 
together with all documents executed and delivered by Seller and/or Access Point in connection 
therewith (collectively, the  "Access Point &liniment Lease") with respect to certain 
operation of the Hotel, such that Purchaser is acquiring the same as part of the Personal Property 
hereunder free and clear of  any interestssf_Access_Pointe 
1 15 
Seller shall execute and deliver three (3) original copies of the Holdback 
Escrow Agreement. 
2.116 
An original certificate made and executed by Seller in favor of Purchaser, 
indicating (i) that the representations and warranties of Seller set forth in this Agreement are true 
and correct on the Closing Date in all truierial resnects. or  if there have been changes.ag 
such changes. and (ii) that Seller has performed each of its covenants and obligations under this 
APreement. in all material respects, 
1 17 
Such other documents and instruments to be delivered by Seller upon the 
Closing as specifically required by this A. reement but not ex .ressl set forth in this Section 7.1. 
7.2 
At or prior to the Closing, Purchaser shall make, have made or caused to be made, 
the following deliveries the "Purchaser
 Deliveries"  : 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808365
--- PAGE 28 ---
7.2.1 
Payment to Seller of the of the balance of the Purchase Price, subject to 
adjustment and proration as provided herein. 
7.2.2 
An authorizing resolution and an incumbency certificate, and such other 
documents as may be reasonably necessary to evidence the authority and capacity of Purchaser 
and the authority of the signatory for Purchaser; 
7.2.3 
Purchaser shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Seller counterparts of 
the Assignment and Assumption of Service Contracts, Assignment and Assumption of Equipment 
Leases, Assignment and Assumption of Collective Bargaining Agreement and (-if-applicable) the 
Assignmera-antlassumption-of--Managementthe Holdback Escrow Agreement. 
7.2.4 
Purchaser shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Seller counterparts of 
the State Transfer Tax Return, City Transfer Tax Return and RP-5217. 
7.2.5 
Purchaser shall execute and deliver the Closing Statement. 
2 6 
An oripjnal certificate made and executed by Purchaser in favor of Seller, 
indicating 61 that the representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in this Agreement are 
trueansissacesit on _the ClasinaliateiolLmatedaLlesvgas car if there have been changes, 
describing such changes, and (ill that Purchaser has performed each of its covenants and 
obligations under this Agreement in all material respects 
7.3 
At or prior to the Closing, Seller and Purchaser shall each execute, acknowledge 
(if necessary) and deliver such other instruments as are reasonably required by the Title Company 
or otherwise reasonably required to consummate the transactions contemplated herein; provided, 
that Purchaser shall not be obligated to execute and deliver to Seller any additional instruments 
or certificate if such document would require Purchaser to make any representations or assume 
any liabilities broader than the liabilities contained herein or in any document herein expressly 
required to be delivered by Purchaser at Closing (for the avoidance of doubt, Purchaser' failure 
to deliver any such instruments or documents required by the Title Company or Purchaser's 
lenders, partners or others shall in no ways affect or excuse Purchaser's obligation to close 
hereunder); and provided further, that Seller shall not be obligated to deliver any instrument or 
certificate to any party if such document would require Seller make any representation or to 
assume any liabilities to any third party or with respect to documents to be delivered to 
Purchaser, would require Seller to make any additional representations or to assume any 
liabilities broader than the liabilities contained herein or in any document herein expressly 
required to be delivered by Seller to Purchaser at Closing. Seller and Purchaser hereby designate 
the Title Company as the "Reporting Person" for the transaction pursuant to Section 6045(e) of 
the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
7,4-Seller--andafehaser--aeknowledge-that-the-assignment-of-the-Ageess-Point-Eqoipment 
Trease-is-subjeet-ie-the-eensent-and-appreval-of-Ateess-Pointr and-aeeordiftglyr Belief-and 
PaFehaser-shall-use-commereially-reasociable-effori-s-ie-obtain-Aegess-Pointls-censentr ineluEling 
ea-eta-kir any-doeuments-or-agfeernents-reasenably-required-by-keeess-Peint-in-eonneetien 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808366
--- PAGE 29 ---
Gilifilifible44e-assume-M-Glesing the liability-undeFexisting-guarsnfies-given-by-David-Mitekell 
with-respeet-te-the-Aeeess-Point-Equipment-Lease-from-and-after--the-Glesing-Dater  and-ifskeeess 
Peint-refuses4e-release-David-Mitehell-fr-em-his-ebligatiens-tmder--the-Gttar-anty-fer--the-peried 
from-aad-after-the-clesing-Dater thea-Purehaser-Guar-anter-shall-indemnify-and-held-harmless 
David-Mitehell-frem-and-against-any-lessesr  liabilitiesr elairms-and/er-damages-vehieh--David 
Mitehell-masfrsuffer-with-respeet-te-awfrebligatiens-efteleF-the-Guar-anty-en-and-after--the-Glesing 
Date. Purchaser shall pay all out of pocket costs and fees of Access Point in connection with 
obtrnrnng Access Point's approval of the assignment of the Access Point Equipment I_case. 
Netwithstanding-the-feregoingr  Parehasec1/2 -ebligatien-te-effeeteate-the-Clesing-shall-in-ne-way 
beeenditiened-upen-Ateess-Peitit-granting-its-eensent-te-the-assignment-ef-the-Aeeess-Peint 
Equipment Lease, and in the event that Access Point refuses to grant its consent to the 
assignment-ef-the-Aeeess-Peint-EquipmenELetseTthen-Purehaser-shall-pay-any-fees-er-penalties 
impesed-bsfrAeeess-Peint-frem-awfreaFly-terminatien-ef-the-Aeeess-Peint-Equipment-Leaser-The 
previsions of-this-Seetien-774-shall-survive-the-Gesing: 
8. DUE DILIGENCE PERIOD; SELLER'S INTERIM RESPONSIBILITIES. 
8.1 
Purchaser's Due Diligence Period. 
8.1.1 
Commencing on the Effective Date and continuing until 5+00-E-Balitem 
Time on  
2018 (ate 30th-day-after-dte-Effeetive-Daieffibe
tte-Diligence
Perieethe Closing Dote, Purchaser, its employees, contractors, consultants, representatives 
and agents shall have reasonable access to the Property and Seller's records with respect to the 
Property, at all reasonable times during normal business hours, for the purpose of inspecting the 
Property, conducting appropriate tests, including surveys and architectural, engineering, 
geotechnical and environmental inspections and tests, provided that (i) Purchaser must give 
Seller at least one (1) business day's prior telephonic or written notice of any such inspection or 
test; (ii) Purchaser shall not perform any intrusive inspection or test (e.g., core sampling) without 
Seller's prior written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in Seller's sole and 
absolute discretion; (iii) Purchaser, its contractors, agents and representatives mustp3ay. at 
Seller's option be escorted by a representative of Seller during any visit to or inspection of the 
Property; (iv) prior to the delivery of a Go Forward Notice, Purchaser, its employees, 
representatives, principals and agents shall not reveal the purpose of the inspections to any 
employees or guests of the Hotel;; (v) prior to performing any inspection or test, Purchaser must 
deliver a certificate of insurance to Seller evidencing that Purchaser and its contractors, agents 
and representatives have in place Two Million and No/I00 Dollars ($2,000,000.00) Dollars-ef 
eemprehensiveoleommercial general liability insurance and workers' compensation insurance for 
its activities at the Hotel covering any claims arising in connection with the presence of 
Purchaser, its contractors, agents and representatives at the Hotel, which insurance shall name 
Seller as an additional insured thereunder;; (vi) Purchaser's investigations shall be subject to all 
confidentiality requirements set forth in this Agreement. Purchaser shall bear the cost of all such 
inspections or tests. In the event Purchaser cilccts not to terminate this Agreement at the 
enddelivers a Go Forward Notice prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, Purchaser 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808367
--- PAGE 30 ---
shall continue to be afforded access to the Property on reasonable advance telephone notice to 
Seller in accordance with the provisions of this Section 8.1. 
8.1.2 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Purchaser 
may tertrtinateelect to proceed with the transaction come 
late by this Agreement fer-any 
reasee-or-fte-reftSO11-by giving written notice of teethinationits intent to nroceed (a -Go Forward 
Notice") to Seller and Escrow Agent (the "Due Diligence Termination Notice") on or before 
the-last-5:00 
Eastern Time on 
, 2019 (the 30th day eft 
the Effective 
Date] (the  "Due Diligence Period 1, time being of the essence with respect thereto. In--such 
eventlf Purchaser does not deliver a (in Forward Notice prior to the expiration of the Due 
Diligence Period the Initial Deposit shall be returned to Purchaser, whereupon neither party shall 
have any further obligations under this Agreement except for those obligations which are 
expressly stated herein to survive termination of this Agreement. If Purchaser dees-net-give-a 
Due-Diligence-Terminationdelivers a Go Forward Notice prior to the expiration of the Due 
Diligence Period, (i) this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect; (ii) Purchaser shall 
cause the Final Deposit to be delivered to Escrow Agent pursuant to the terms of Section 
2.2.1.2; (iii) Purchaser shall be deemed to have waived its right to terminate this Agreement 
pursuant to this Section 8.1; (iv) Purchaser shall be deemed to have acknowledged that it has 
received or had access to the Property and conducted all inspections and tests of the Property 
that it considers important, (v) the Initial Deposit tendeEltendered to the Escrow Agent (and, 
when tendered to Seller, the Final Deposit) shall become non-refundable to Purchaser except as 
expressly provided in this Agreement, and (vi) prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence 
Period, Purchaser shall notify Seller in writing as to whether Purchaser elects to have Seller 
assign to Purchaser at Closing the-Management-Ageeement-andier-any Lai Service Contracts 
(which shall thereafter be deemed "Assumed Service Contracts") and (b) Equipment Leases 
(other than the Access Point Equipment Lease, as set forth in Section 7.1.14) (which shall 
thereafter be deemed "Assumed Equipment Leases , and at Closing, Seller shall assign to 
Purchaser (and Purchaser shall assume from Seller) all rights and obligations under the 
Managefeent-Affeement-and-anyAssumed Service Contracts for-whieh-Perehaser-has-maile-sheh 
eleetienandAsseinmentiense.s 
8.1.3 
In conducting any inspections or investigations of the Property, Purchaser 
and its agents and representatives shall (i) not contact or speak to any Hotel guest or, prior to the 
delivery of a Go Forward Notice. any employees- (other than executive level employees): (ii) not 
unreasonably interfere with the operation and maintenance of the Hotel; (iii) not unreasonably 
disturb or damage any part of the Hotel or any personal property owned or held by Seller or any 
third party; (iv) not injure or otherwise cause bodily harm to Seller, any Hotel guest or any of 
their respective agents, guests, invitees, contractors and employees; (v) comply with all 
applicable laws; (vi) promptly pay when due the costs of all tests, investigations, and 
examinations done with regard to the Property; (vii) not permit any liens to attach to the 
Property by reason of the exercise of its rights hereunder; and (viii) repair any damage to the 
Property resulting directly or indirectly from any such inspection or tests. 
8.1.4 
Purchaser shall be responsible for any damage to the Property or other 
property or any injury to any third party caused by the presence of, or any inspections or 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808368
--- PAGE 31 ---
investigations undertaken prior to, on or after, the date hereof, by Purchaser or its agents, 
employees or contractors, and Purchaser agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless 
from and against any and all liens, claims, causes of action, costs, damages, liabilities and 
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements, court costs and claims of 
personal injury and damage to property) resulting from any inspections or tests by Purchaser, its 
agents or representatives under this Agreement or any violation of the provisions this Section 8.1 
by Purchaser, its agents or representatives. Purchaser's obligations under this Section 8.1.4 shall 
survive the termination of this Agreement and shall survive the Closing. 
87175-As-additienal-eefteideratien-feethe-ttartsftefien-eentemplated-in-this-Agreensent7
Purehasepr  as-an-aseenzinsedatien-te-Sellerr shall-previde-te-Sellerr imme4iately-fellewing-the 
reeeipt-ef-stime-by-Purehaseer eepies-of-anr and-all-reperts-er-sitidies-invelving-eentetninfeien-ef 
or-other-envir-enmentel-seneems-Felating-te-the-Prepeny,Fevided-hewever-,Per-ehaser--shall 
have-no ebligatien-te-eause-any-sueh-studies-te-be-performed on the-Property-norshall-Purehaser 
be-deemed-te-have-repfesente4-er-war-fantied-the-aesuraey-ef-ansfref-the-infeatien-c-entained-in 
such reports or studies-and-Purehaicr shall have no responaibility-er-liability with-respect-to-sueh 
repeFts-er-studies, 
8.2 
Seller agrees that during the period between the Effective Date and the Closing: 
8.2.1 
(a) Seller shall cause the operation of the Hotel to be carried on in the 
ordinary course, in a manner consistent with prior practice so as to keep the Property in good 
condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted; td b) Seller shall not alter, in any material 
respect, its accounting principles, procedures, methods or practices in effect at the Property. 
During the Due Diligence Period and upon prompt written notice to Purchaser given prior to the 
expiration of the Due Diligence Period, Seller shall be permitted to terminate or modify existing 
Equipment Leases and Service Contracts, and to enter into new Equipment Leases and Service 
Contracts in the ordinary course of business and on commercially reasonable terms determined 
by Seller in the exercise of its good faith judgment. After expiration of the Due Diligence Period, 
Seller shall not terminate or modify any existing Equipment Leases, Service Contracts or enter 
into new Equipment Leases, or Service Contracts without Purchaser's prior written consent 
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or conditioned), except that (i) Seller shall 
have the right to terminate any existing Equipment Leases or Service Contracts, without the prior 
written consent of Purchaser, by reason of the default of the other party thereto, and (ii) Seller 
shall have the right to modify any existing Equipment Leases and Service Contracts, and/or enter 
into new Equipment Leases or Service Contracts, in each case without the prior written consent 
of Purchaser, provided that any such modified or new Equipment Leases and Service Contracts 
shall include a provision allowing termination thereof by Seller (or its successors), without 
payment of any termination fee or penalty, upon not more than thirty (30) days prior written 
notice. If Purchaser fails to respond to a request for consent pursuant to this Section 8.2.1 within 
five (5) business days after receipt of such written request, such consent shall be deemed 
givendenied. Seller shall provide Purchaser with copies of any such terminations, modifications 
or new leases or agreements promptly after the execution thereof. Except in the ordinary course 
of business, Seller shall not remove or permit to be removed any Personal Property except as 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808369
--- PAGE 32 ---
necessary for repairs or replacements of worn out or obsolete items or inventory turnover in the 
ordinary course of business. 
8.2.2 
Seller shall maintain its present or substantially similar property insurance 
policylies) to the extent a ai able a 
ally 
able r tes
8.2.3 
Seller shall cooperate reasonably, at no cost to Seller, with Purchaser in 
securing the transfer or issuance of any permits or licenses, including, without limitation, a liquor 
license, necessary to permit the lawful (but expressly excluding any licenses which are part of the 
Excluded Property), continuous operation of the Property by Purchaser immediately following 
the Closing Date. 
8.2.4 
Following the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, Seller and Purchaser 
shall cooperate in good faith to effect an orderly transition of the ownership of the Hotel and 
other Property and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
In 
implementation thereof, Seller and Purchaser shall each designate a representative to coordinate 
such transition. 
Initially, Seller's representative shall be David Mitchell and Purchaser's 
representative shall be [ 
). Either party may change its representative from 
time to time by providing Notice to the other party. 
8.3 
Pre-Closing Reservations and Other Revenue Producing Agreements. 
8.3.1 
Purchaser will honor, for its account, the terms and rates of all Bookings 
confirmed by Seller for dates after the Closing Date. Purchaser authorizes Seller to continue to 
accept reservations and enter into Bookings for periods after the Closing Date in the ordinary 
course of Seller's business. Purchaser recognizes that such reservations may include discounts or 
other benefits, frequent traveler awards programs, vacation discount programs, corporate, 
government or group discounts, weekend discounts or requirements that ancillary food, beverage 
or other benefits be delivered by Purchaser to the guest(s) holding such reservations. Purchaser 
agrees to honor all such reservations in accordance with their terms. Any pm-closing deposits 
made to Seller with respect to eenfirmed-reser-vatiefts-fer-detesagskinga after the Closing Date 
will be credited to Purchaser in the Closing Statement. Any post-closing deposits received by 
Seller with respect to confirmed reservations for dates after the Closing Date will be forwarded 
to Purchaser upon receipt. 
8:84-Purehaser-will-lsonorr  fec-its-account,a11-ef-Selleris-Beekings-that-have-been 
emeretl-ime-with-greepsr  persefts-er-ether-eustemers-fer-perieds-after-the-Glesing- Date-at-the 
fates-and-teims-previded-in-sitels-agreementsrAfir pre-closing-deposits-made-le-Seller-with 
respeet-m-Beekings-fer--dates-after-the-Ele9itlg-Date-will-be-ereelited-te-Perehaser-at-the-Eleiint 
and-any-sueh-pest-c-lesing-Elepesits-Feeeived-by4eller--fer-peFieds-after-the-Glesing-Date-will-be 
ferivarded-te-Purchaser-upenreeeipt: 
Asa 
8737-3—Purchaser agrees that Seller cannot make and has not made any 
representation or warranty that any party holding a room reservation or agreement for Hotel 
facilities or services will utilize such reservation or honor such agreement. Purchaser, by the 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808370
--- PAGE 33 ---
execution hereof, assumes the risk of non-utilization of reservations and non-performance of 
such agreements. 
aaa 
87-374-Purchaser agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Seller from 
and against any claim that may be asserted against Seller alleging that Purchaser has wrongfully 
failed to honor any such pre-closing Bookings in accordance with their terms for any period 
following the Closing Date. 
3 4 
At Seller's option. Seller shall send an announcement to all guests and 
customers at and of the Hotel as of the Closing, and all persons who have Bookings as of the 
Closing, informin,a such Persons of the change in ownership of the Property, in form and 
substance reasonably acceptable to Purchaser. 
8.3.5 
The provisions of this Section 8.3 shall survive the Closing. 
aa 
Employees., 
8.4.1 
Seller shall terminate or cause the termination of all employees effective as 
of the Closing, and Purchaser shall (or shall cause its manager to) offer employment to all such 
terminated employees whom Purchaser determines in its reasonable discretion it wishes to rehire 
subject to Purchaser's obligations under Section 16.1 hereof. The terminated employees who 
accept such offers of employment are referred to collectively herein as the "Rehired 
Employees-1. Purchaser shall, at least five (5) business days prior to Closing, provide Seller a 
list of 
mployees that will not be Rehjred Employees 
8.4.2 
Other than as may be required by the CBA, Purchaser shall not be liable 
for the payment of any current or accrued vacation, sick day, personal day, bonus, severance pay 
or deferred compensation to the extent accrued prior to the Closing, liability under COBRA or 
salary continuation obligations of any employee, except for those obligations that arise or accrue 
from any employment relationship between Purchaser and any employee after Closing. 
L4-03 
Seller shall be responsible for all claims, demands, administrative 
nn1 of nr in rnnnertion wish alley 
of Seller or any employer acting on behalf of Seller. Seller and Purchaser agree that the terms of 
this Agreement are for the benefit of Seller and Purchaser alone, and no employees may rely 
upon or make any claim based upon the provisions of this Agreement regarding employees of 
Seller. 
8.4.4 
The provisions of this Section 8.4 shall survive the Closing. 
JNTD: ARE THERE ANY PENDING TAX CONTESTS?I 
9. DEFAULT.
9.1 
If Purchaser shall fail or refuse to effectuate the Closing when under the obligation 
to do so in accordance with this Agreement or if Purchaser shall otherwise default in any of its 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808371
--- PAGE 34 ---
obligations under this Agreement  in any material respect and fail to cure the same following ten 
(10) days written notice, then Seller's sole remedy by reason thereof shall be to (i) waive such 
default and proceed to Closing or (ii) terminate this Agreement upon notice to Purchaser, and, 
upon such termination, Seller shall be entitled to retain the Deposit as liquidated damages for 
Purchaser's default hereunder (it being agreed that the damages to Seller by reason of Purchaser's 
default are difficult, if not impossible, to reasonably ascertain), and thereafter Purchaser and 
Seller shall have no further rights or obligations under this Agreement except for those that are 
expressly provided in this Agreement to survive the termination hereof. If Seller terminates this 
Agreement pursuant to a right given to it hereunder and Purchaser takes any action which 
interferes with Seller's ability to sell, exchange, transfer, lease, dispose of or finance the Property 
or take any other actions with respect thereto (including, without limitation, the filing of any lis 
pendens or other form of attachment against the Property), then Purchaser (and any permitted 
assignee of Purchaser's interest hereunder) shall be liable for all loss, cost, damage, liability or 
expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs and disbursements 
and-eensequentiel-damages) incurred by Seller by reason of such action to contest by Purchaser. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Purchaser acknowledges that 
Purchaser's indemnification obligations which are expressly stated herein to survive the Closing 
or termination of this Agreement are and shall not be limited by the amount of submission or 
forfeiture of the Deposit. All such surviving indemnification obligations are in addition to, and 
not reduced by, Seller's entitlement to the Deposit at Closing or upon Purchaser's default 
hereunder and Seller's termination of this Agreement. 
9.2 
If Seller shall default-in-its-ebligatien-te-genvesfrte-PurthaseF-atfail or refuse to 
effectuate the Closing title4e-tbe-Property-when under the obligation to do so under.-and-in 
accordance with the terms of, this Agreement or if Seller shall otherwise default in any of its 
obligations under this Agreement in any material respect and fail to cure the same following ten 
(1o) days written notice Purchaser, as its sole remedy by reason thereof, shall have the right (in 
lieu of prosecuting an action or proceeding for damages, the right to bring such actions or 
proceedings being expressly and voluntarily waived by Purchaser, to the fullest extent legally 
permissible, following and upon advice of its counsel) to either: (a) seek to obtain specific 
performance of Seller's obligations hereunder, provided that any action for specific performance 
shall be commenced within ninety (90) days immediately following the then selteduledScheduled
Closing Date; er-(b) to terminate this Agreement and receive a return of the Deposit together 
with any interest earned thereon, together with Purchaser's out-of-pocket costs and expenses 
incurred in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby, not to exceed $300,000, it 
being understood that if Purchaser fails to commence an action for specific performance within 
the aforesaid ninety (90) day period, Purchaser's sole remedy shall be to terminate this 
Agreement in accordance with the preceding clause "(b)", or (c) waive such default and proceed 
to Closing hereunder. If Purchaser elects to seek specific performance of this Agreement, then as 
a condition precedent to any suit for specific performance, Purchaser shall on or before the then 
scheduled Closing Date, time being of the essence, have been ready, willing and able to fully 
perform all of its obligations hereunder which are capable of being performed. Upon Purchaser's 
election to terminate and Seller's (or Escrow Agent's) return and delivery of the Deposit, this 
Agreement shall terminate and neither party hereto shall have any further obligations hereunder 
except for those that are expressly provided in this Agreement to survive the termination hereof. 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808372
--- PAGE 35 ---
10. CASUALTY; CONDEMNATION. 
10.1 
If, prior to the Closing, there shall occur: (a) damage to the Property caused by 
fire or other casualty for which the estimated cost to restore the Property is less than 
$4,800,000.00; (b) or a taking by condemnation of not more than ten (10%) percent of the Land 
or Hotel, then, in either instance: (i) Purchaser shall have no right to terminate this Agreement; 
(ii) Seller shall have no obligation to restore or rebuild any portion of the Property; (iii) the 
Closing shall take place as herein provided, without abatement of the Purchase Price; (iv) Seller 
shall assign to Purchaser at the Closing, all of Seller's interest in and to any insurance proceeds or 
condemnation awards which may be payable to Seller on account of any such fire, casualty or 
condemnation (collectively, an "Award"); (v) Seller shall deliver to Purchaser any such Award 
actually theretofore received, less any amounts (the "Reimbursable Amounts"): (1) reasonably 
expended or incurred by Seller in negotiating, obtaining or adjusting any Award (including, 
without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses); and/or (2) theretofore reasonably 
incurred or expended by or for the account of Seller for the cost of any compliance with laws, 
protective restorations or emergency repairs made by or on behalf of Seller; (vi) Seller shall 
credit against the Purchase Price the amount of the deductible, if any, under Seller's property 
insurance policy(ies), less all Reimbursable Amounts not received by Seller from any Award paid 
to Seller prior to the Closing; and (vii) the net proceeds of any rent interruption insurance, if 
maintained, less Seller's Reimbursable Amounts, if any, shall be appropriately apportioned 
between Purchaser and Seller. 
10.2 
If, prior to the Closing, there shall occur either (i) damage to the Property caused 
by fire or other casualty for which the estimated cost to restore the Property is $4,800,000.00 or 
greater, or (ii) a taking by condemnation of more than ten (10%) percent of the Land or Hotel (a 
"Major Loss"), then Purchaser may terminate this Agreement upon written notice given to 
Seller within ten (10) business days, time being of the essence, after Seller has delivered or 
Purchaser has received actual notice that a Major Loss has occurred. If Purchaser does not elect 
to so terminate this Agreement or fails to timely deliver a termination notice within such ten (10) 
business day period, time being of the essence, then the provisions of clauses "(i)" through "(vii)" 
(both inclusive) of Section 10.1 shall control. 
10.3 
Nothing contained in this Article 10 shall be construed to impose upon Seller any 
obligation to repair any damage or destruction caused by fire or other casualty or condemnation. 
10.4 
In the event of a casualty or condemnation, then prior to the Closing Date, Seller 
shall have the exclusive right to negotiate, compromise or contest the obtaining of any Awards, 
subject to Purchaser's approval of any final settlements, which approval shall not be unreasonably 
withheld conditioned or delayed, and from and after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall have the 
exclusive right to negotiate, compromise or contest the obtaining of any Awards, subject to 
Seller's approval of any final settlements, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld 
conditioned or delayed. The parties shall reasonably cooperate with one another in order to 
recover any such Award. The provisions of this Section 10.4 shall survive the Closing. 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808373
--- PAGE 36 ---
II. BROKERAGE.
11.1 
Seller and Purchaser each represents and warrants to the other that it has not dealt 
with any real estate broker in connection with this sale, and no broker has negotiated this 
Agreement on its behalf or is entitled to any commission by, through or under it, in each case, 
except for Jones Lang LaSalle (the "Broker"). Seller shall pay any commission due and payable 
to the Broker pursuant to a separate written agreement between Seller and the Broker. Seller 
and Purchaser shall indemnify and defend each other against any costs, claims and expenses, 
including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of the breach on their respective parts of any 
representation or agreement contained in this Article II. The provisions of this Article 11 shall 
survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
12. CLOSING COSTS: FEES AND DISBURSEMENTS. 
12.1 
At the Closing, Seller and-Parehtther-shall eaeh-pay fifty-(-50%)-pereem-eithe New 
York State Real Estate Transfer Tax imposed pursuant to Article 31 and Section 1402 of the 
New York Tax Law and Title I I of Chapter 21 of the Administrative Code of the City of New 
York (the "Transfer Taxes") upon or payable in connection with the transfer of title to the Land 
and Hotel and the recordation of the Deedr whiehaansfer-Taxes-shallr at-Sellerls-eleetienr be 
alleweel-fer-eta-ef-the-Parehtele-Priee-anel-paid-by-Parehaser-en-behalf--ef--Seller-and-Purehaser. 
Seller and Purchaser shall each execute and/or swear to the returns or statements required in 
connection with the State Transfer Tax. All tax payments shall be made payable directly to the 
order of the appropriate governmental officer or the Title Company. Purchaser shall pay all: (a) 
charges for recording and/or filing the Deed; (b) title charges and survey costs, including the 
premium on Purchaser's Title Policy. other than the cost of any endorsements or insurance 
pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof; and (c) costs and expenses in connection with Purchaser's 
financing. if any. of the Purchase Price or the Property (the foregoing shall in no event be deemed 
to create any financing, funding or other contingency) Each of the parties hereto shall bear and 
pay the fees and disbursements of its own counsel, accountants and other advisors in connection 
with the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and the Closing. The provisions of this 
Article 12 shall survive the Closing. 
13. NOTICES.
13.1 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices, demands, requests, 
consents, approvals or other communications (for the purposes of this Article 13 collectively 
referred to as "Notices") required or permitted to be given hereunder or which are given with 
respect to this Agreement, in order to constitute effective notice to the other party, shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed to have been given when: (a) personally delivered (or upon refusal of 
personal delivery); (b) the next business day, when sent by prepaid national overnight courier; or 
(c) upon sender's receipt of "sent mail" confirmation without an "undeliverable" notice, when 
sent by e-mail (with a duplicate copy sent by one of the methods prescribed in clauses a) or (b)). 
provided such confirmation is received between the hours of 9:00.. 
and 5:30 M. Eastern 
Time on a business day (and if confirmation is received at any other time, then notice shall be 
deemed given on the immediately following business day). In all cases Notices shall be addressed 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808374
--- PAGE 37 ---
to the party to be notified at its Address for Notices set forth in the Contract Information 
Summary or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by like Notice. 
The attorneys for the parties shall be entitled to give and receive Notices and to agree to 
extensions of time periods hereunder on behalf of their respective clients, and such notices and/or 
extensions of time periods shall be deemed given by said party for all purposes hereunder. 
14. ASSUMED LIABILITIES; RETAINED LIABILITIES; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY 
OF SELLER. 
14.1 
At Closing, Purchaser shall assume all liabilities (collectively, the "Assumed 
Liabilities") (a) with respect to the Property to the extent first arising or accruing on or after the 
Closing Date including, without limitation, (i) liabilities to the extent accruing on or after the 
Closing Date under the Assumed Service Contracts and Bookings, (ii) liabilities relating to the 
Property resulting from any third-party claim for personal injury or property damage, which 
injury or damage occurred on or after the Closing Date, and (iii) liabilities arising from the 
employment of, or the provision of services to the Property by, those employees hired by 
Purchaser or its manager, to the extent first arising or occurring on or after the Closing Date; (b) 
with respect to taxes relating to the Property to the extent first arising or accruing on or after the 
Closing Date; and (c) for payment of obligations relating to the Property first arising or accruing 
prior to the Closing Date to the extent that Purchaser receives a credit therefor pursuant to this 
Agreement. Purchaser hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Seller from and 
against any and all loss, damage, cost, claim, liability or expense (including, without limitation, 
court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) suffered or incurred by Seller as a result of any of the 
Assumed Liabilities. 
14.2 
Except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 14.1 above, at Closing, Seller 
shall retain all liabilities of Seller (collectively, the "Retained Liabilities") (a) relating to the 
Property or the Hotel to the extent first arising or accruing prior to the Closing Date, including, 
without limitation, (i) liabilities to the extent accruing prior to the Closing Date under the 
Bookings and Service Contracts, (ii) liabilities resulting from any third-party claim for personal 
injury or property damage which injury or damage first occurred prior to the Closing Date, and 
(iii) liabilities arising from the employment of, or the provision of services to the Property by, 
employees of Seller, first arising or accruing prior to the Closing Date; and (b) with respect to 
taxes relating to the Property, to the extent first arising or accruing prior to the Closing Date, but 
expressly excluding, in each case, all liabilities for payment of obligations first arising or accruing 
prior to the Closing Date to the extent that Purchaser receives a credit therefor pursuant to this 
Agreement. I.. . 
c... shall the Retained r iabilitiies ineludc claims that a_c b,a_rcd by the
previsions of Sections 6.4 and 6.5  hcrcof and shall at-all-times bc subject to the limitations 
contained in Sections 6.6 and 11.3. 
Seller agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless 
Purchaser of and from all liabilities, losses, damages, costs or expenses (including, without 
limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) which Purchaser may suffer or incur by 
reason of any of the Retained Liabilities. 
14.3 
Purchaser agrees that it does not have and will not have any claims or causes of 
action against any disclosed or undisclosed officer, director, employee, trustee, shareholder, 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808375
--- PAGE 38 ---
partner, principal, parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of Seller, including, without limitation, any 
officer, director, employee, trustee, shareholder, partner or principal of any direct or indirect 
parent, subsidiary or other affiliate (collectively, "Seller's Affiliates"), arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Purchaser agrees to 
look solely to Seller's interest in the Property for the satisfaction of any liability or obligation 
arising under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, or for the performance of 
any of the covenants, warranties or other agreements contained herein, and further agrees not to 
sue or otherwise seek to enforce any personal obligation against any of Seller's Affiliates with 
respect to any matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions 
contemplated hereby. Purchaser hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any and all 
claims and causes of action of any nature whatsoever it may now or hereafter have against 
Seller's Affiliates, and hereby unconditionally and irrevocably releases and discharges Seller's 
Affiliates from any and all liability whatsoever which may now or hereafter accrue in favor of 
Purchaser against Seller's Affiliates to the extent the same are in connection with or arising out 
of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
14.4 
The provisions of this Article 14 shall survive the Closing or termination of this 
Agreement. 
15. MISCELLANEOUS.
15.1 
Survival. Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement to survive the 
Closing or termination of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement, including, without 
limitation, the representations and warranties of the parties, shall not survive the Closing or 
termination of this Agreement. 
15.2 
Governing Law; Jury Waiver; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, 
interpreted under, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New 
York without giving effect to conflict of law principles thereof. Seller and Purchaser hereby 
irrevocably and unconditionally waive any and all right to trial by jury in any action, suit or 
counterclaim arising in connection with, out of or otherwise relating to this agreement. The 
parties hereto agree to submit to personal jurisdiction in the State of New York, counties of New 
York in any action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement and, in furtherance of such 
agreement, the parties hereby agree and consent that without limiting other methods of obtaining 
jurisdiction, personal jurisdiction over the parties in any such action or proceeding may be 
obtained within or without the jurisdiction of any court located in the State of New York, County 
of New York. The provisions of this Section 15.2 shall survive the Closing or termination of this 
Agreement. 
15.3 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts and 
transmitted by facsimile or email by and between the attorneys for the parties, each of which shall 
be deemed an original. 
15.4 
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including all 
exhibits annexed hereto) contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808376
--- PAGE 39 ---
subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, if any, with respect thereto. This 
Agreement may not be modified, changed, supplemented or terminated, nor may any obligations 
hereunder be waived, except by written instrument signed by the party to be charged or by its 
agent duly authorized in writing or as otherwise expressly permitted herein. The parties do not 
intend to confer any benefit hereunder on any person, firm or corporation other than the parties 
hereto. The provisions of this Section 15.4 shall survive the Closing or termination of this 
Agreement. 
15.5 
Waivers: Extensions. No waiver of any breach of any obligation or provision 
herein contained shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach thereof or of 
any other obligation or provision herein contained. No extension of time for performance of any 
obligations or acts shall be deemed an extension of the time for performance of any other 
obligations or acts. 
15.6 
Recording. Neither this Agreement nor any memorandum thereof may be 
recorded by Purchaser without the prior written consent of Seller. Any breach of this provision, 
at Seller's option, shall be deemed to be a material breach and shall entitle Seller to immediately 
terminate this Agreement and to retain the Deposit hereunder as liquidated damages without 
further liability. 
15.7 
Assignment. Purchaser Fnayshall not assign er-ethenwise-fmnsfer-this Agreement 
or any of its rights or oblignlion3 hcrcunder-et'-any-ef the direct or indirect ownership-interests in 
Pufehaserr  withem-fifst-ebtainingSellegsinterest therein to any Person. without the prior written 
consent thereteof Seller, which consent may be withheld in Seller's sole discretion. 
Any 
puisperted-assignmem-ef4iFeet-er-indiFeet-tfansfer-b.frPurehaser-withent-obtainingSelleFis-pfier 
shall-be-deemed-terbe-a-material-bmaeh-and-shall-enfitie-Seller-te-Mtmediately-teeminatethis 
AgFeement—and—te—Fetain—the—Depesit—heFeunder—as—liquidated—damages—withent—funher 
liabilityaimiing_the_foregoing, Purchaser shall have_theii.ghLtusiesignateaeortas 
its nominee to receive title to the Pro rty, or assign all of its right, title and interest in this 
Agreement to any affiliate of Purchaser by providing written notice to Seller no later than ten 
days prior to the Closing: provided, however, that (a) the original Purchaser hereunder shall be 
and remain liable for all representations, warranties, covenants. indemnifications and other 
obligations of the purchaser hereunder to and including the Closing Date (hut not for obligations 
arising thereafter if Closing occurs), (b) such affiliate remains an affiliate of the owners of 
Purchaser, and (c) such
 or assignment 
effective until Purchaser has 
provided Seller with a fully executed copy of such designation or assignment and assumption 
instrument which shall (i) include a_renresentatian and warranty in fait)! of Seller that all 
representations and warranties made by Purchaser in this Agreement are true and correct with 
respect to such designee or assignee as of the date of such designation or assignment, and will be 
true and correct as of the Closing, and (ii) otherwise be in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to Seller. 
15.8 
Partial Invalidity. If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application 
thereof to any person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808377
--- PAGE 40 ---
remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such term or provision to persons or 
circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be 
affected thereby, and each term and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and shall be 
enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this Section 15.8 shall survive 
the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
15.9 
Prevailing Parties. Purchaser and Seller agree that in the event of any litigation 
arising between the parties in connection with this Agreement, the losing party shall be 
responsible for payment of the reasonable attorneys' fees of the successful party. Purchaser 
Parelyaser4las-waived-aur and-all-rights-te-sue-geller-fer-darnages-(ef-ant ftature-)r The provisions 
of this Section 15.9 shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
15.10 Purchaser's Lien. All money paid on account of this Agreement, are hereby made 
liens on the Land and the Hotel, but such liens shall not continue after default by Purchaser under 
this Agreement. 
15.11 Confidentiality. Purchaser and Seller shall each maintain as confidential any and 
all material obtained about the other and, in the case of Purchaser, about the Property, and shall 
not disclose such information to any third party except for disclosures to a party's representatives 
cam, agents. employees, attorneys. consultants accountants and potential or actual financing 
sources or the Title Company, pi as required by applicable law court order, subpoena, or in 
connection with the enforcement of this Agreement. In addition, neither party shall issue any 
press release or other public announcement regarding this transaction without first obtaining the 
other party's written (which may be given by email) approval with respect to the release or 
announcement and the content thereof,Netwithstailding-the-feregeint-Purthaser-shatl-net 
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The provisions of this Section 15.11 shall 
survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. 
15.12 *1031 Exchange. Either party shall have the right to structure the sale of the 
Property as a forward or reverse exchange thereof for other real property of a like-kind to be 
designated by the exchanging party (including, without limitation, the ability to assign this 
Agreement to the individual principals of the exchanging party as tenants-in-common, an entity 
established in order to effectuate such exchange including a qualified intermediary, an exchange 
accommodation title holder or one or more single member limited liability companies that are 
owned by any of the foregoing persons), with the result that the exchange shall qualify for 
non-recognition of gain or loss under §103I of the Code, the treasury regulations thereunder and 
IRS Revenue Procedure 2000-37. 
The non-exchanging party shall execute any and all 
documents reasonably requested by the exchanging party to effect such exchange, and otherwise 
assist and cooperate with the exchanging party in effecting such exchange, provided that any 
additional reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the non-exchanging party (other than its 
own attorneys' fees and costs incurred in reviewing such documents) as a result of structuring 
such transaction as an exchange, as opposed to an outright sale, shall be borne by the exchanging 
party, and the non-exchanging party shall incur no liability with respect to such structuring. 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808378
--- PAGE 41 ---
15.13 Business Days. Time is of the essence in this Agreement, subject to the last 
sentence of Section 3.1. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "business day(s)" means 
any day of the year except Saturdays, Sundays and national holidays on which banks are required 
by law to close or are customarily closed in the State of New York. 
15.14 Review by Counsel. The parties acknowledge that each party and its counsel have 
reviewed and revised this Agreement as necessary and that any rule of construction to the effect 
that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the 
interpretation of this Agreement or any exhibits hereto. 
15.15 Headings. The titles to the paragraphs are for reference only and neither broaden 
nor confine the scope, content or intent of the paragraphs 
15.16 Relationship of Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed 
as making Purchaser and Seller the partner, agent or joint venturer of the other, and the parties 
shall have no relationship to each other hereunder other than that of vendor and vendee of the 
Property. 
15-12 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is held to be or rendered 
_suckterntor_pravisionshallmataffecllhe 
validity or enforceability of any other terms or provisions of this Agreement, or the validity or 
enforceability of such affected term or provision at any other time or in any other jurisdiction. 
16. UNION AND ERISA ARRANGEMENTS. 
16.1 
(a)-At Closing, Purchaser shall be obligated to assume and adopt the Collective 
Bartaining-Agfeement7CBA.6 Purchaser shall further be obligated to, or to cause its manager or 
contractor to, offer employment to all of the employees at the Property covered by the Collective 
BargainiftrAgteemenECBA, Seller and Purchaser shall execute the Assignment and Assumption 
of Collective Bargaining Agreement. 
By virtue of this provision, the parties agree and 
acknowledge that they have availed themselves of the terms of section 22-505(d) of the 
Displaced Building Service Workers Protection Act, Section 22-505 of the Administrative Code 
of the City of New York. Purchaser shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless from any liability, 
claims, actions, damages, judgments, penalties, costs, and expenses, including reasonable 
attorneys' fees, related to any failure by Purchaser to comply with the terms of this Section 
16.1_(-ft). 
16.2 
Purchaser shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless from any liability, claims, 
actions, arbitrations, administrative proceedings, damages, judgments, penalties, costs, and 
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, related to any claim with respect to or in 
c lc there any advance notice prior to closing owed to the Union under the CBA? 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808379
--- PAGE 42 ---
connection with any employee employed at the Property, including, without limitation, any 
obligation imposed by the GeIleetive-Bargaining-AgreementCBA or any violation thereof, and 
any pension or health fund obligations imposed by the Collective-Bargaining-Agreententgkk, in 
all cases accruing and arising from and after the Closing. Seller shall indemnify and hold 
Purchaser harmless from any liability, claims, actions, arbitrations, administrative proceedings, 
damages, judgments, penalties, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees related 
to any claim with respect to or in connection with any employee employed at the Property, 
including, without limitation, any obligation imposed by the collective—Bargaining 
AgreetnefttC_PLA or any violation thereof, and any pension or health fund obligations imposed by 
the Colleetive-Bargaining-AgreetnentCBA. in all cases accruing and arising prior to the Closing 
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 
1¢,2 
Withdrawal Liability. Immediately following the execution of this Agreement, 
Seller shalLrectuest an estimate dike withdrawal liatiditv that will_be due and aavable to the 
Multiemployer Pension Plan in connection with the withdrawal of Seller (or other employer of 
the employees covered by the CBA) from such Multiemployer Pension Plan as of the Closing 
(the "Withdrawal Liability- ). Seller shall pay any such Withdrawal Liability in full at the 
Closing. 
16.3 ERISA 
4-67-3r1—The-parties-intend-te-c-omply-with-seetion-4204-(A)-ef -the-Employee 
Retirement-Inceme-Seeurity-Act-of-49-74r as-amendedaRISAnkand40-take-any-ether-action 
required-er-decirabler se-that-no-withdrawal-liability-is-imposed-upen4eller-as-a-result-of-this 
transaction-or-any-sabsequent-aetion-OFemission-ef-Purehttser-er-any-affiliate-of-PurehuserTo 
t hat -endr  Purchaver-agrees-and-cevenants (*)-te-c-ontribute-fer-the-plarryear-ef-the-cale-and-the 
Surety Period-e the New Yorkaetel-Trades-Gettneil Y. [I. t 
iati. 
of New York City
ln-Pensien-Fund-(the-MultiempIeycr Pcntiion Plan") foe-substantially the same number of 
defined
obligated-te-eentribute-prier-te-the-Glesing-Dater and-(43)-unleas-a-waiver-is-in-effeet-purattant-te 
Seetien-4204(e)-ef-ERISAr te-provide-te-and-fer-the-henefit-of-the-Moltiempleyer-Pension-Plan7
Jbr the five plan years commencing with the first plan year to begin after the Closing Date-fthe 
'Tsurety-Perieer either-a-bonel-inaued-bra-eerperatestrety-eompantthat-is-an-tteeeptable 
surety for purpeses-ef-Seetien 412 ef-BRISAr a-letter-ef-eredit-er-an-amount-held-in-eserew-by-a 
hankricr-similar-finameial-inctitutionr  in-either-eace-in-an-ameont-equal-te-the-great-ef-(4)-the 
average annual contribution that Seller was required to make with respect to the covered 
operatiefts-fer-the-three-fa)-plan-years-preeetling-the-plan-yeftr-in-whieh-the-Glesing-Date-eeeurs7
fii)—the—annual—eontribetion—that—tSeller—wasrreqoireil—te—tnake—with—respeet-te-the-eovered 
operation for the plan year preceding the plan year in which the Closing Date occurs,  whieh 
bondr  letter-ef-eredit-Or-such-arneunt-held-in-eserow-shall-be-paid-te-the-Multiemployer-Pencien 
Plat-if-at-any-time-during the Surety-Periedr Purehaserr er-any-sueeesser-in-interest-therete; 
withdraws-frem-the-/vlu14entpleyer-Pensien-Plans-er-falic-te-n4ake-awt contribution-to-the 
N4ultiempleyer-Pensien-Plan-when-due. If a waiver-is-net-in-effeet-pursuant-te-Seetien-4204(o)-of 
ERISA,Purehaser-shall-deliver-te-the-Multiernpliayer-Pensien-Plan-b.frthe-fwst-day-of-the-plan 
year-following-the-Closing-Dater with-eopies-te-Sellerr 
.,d
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808380
--- PAGE 43 ---
establishment-of-an-eserow-Elesepibecl-in-the-preceding-senteneerlf-Parehar,er-or-any-sueeesser-in 
intereat-therete-thall-withelraw-freni-the-Mtlitlefftpleyer-Pension-Plan-in-either-a-eeniplete-er 
parstial-withelrawalras-suca-teFras-afe-used-in-Seetions-4403-and-4205-4-ERISAr and withdrawal 
liabilitris-imposetl-ttnder-Seefien-4204-ef-ERISAr Seller-agrees-that-Seller-shall-be-seeenderily 
liable-te-the-Multiernpleyer-Pensien-Plan-fer-ansfrwithelrawal-liabilitsfrthat-it-woulel-have-had-te-the 
Multiernployer-Perision-Plan-in-the-absenee-of-Seetien-4204-ofaprovidedr howevcr, that 
the-preeecling-elause-ef-this-sentenee-will-be-veiel-anel-of-RO-effeetr  if-the-panies-ebtain-a-variance 
from-the-requirements-of-Seetion-4204(a)(-1-4B4-and-fc)-ef-ERISA,The-parties-will-reasonably 
cooperatein-ebtaining-a-wtrianee-frent-the-requirernems-ef-Seetiera-4204faX-1-)(B)-anel 
-1-204(a)(4)(C-)-4-ERISA,Te-the-ement-that-any-obligation-is-irriposeil-on-Parehaser-hereinT
Parehaser-agrees-te-require-eaeh-of-IES-aueeessers-in-interest-and-assigna-te-speeifteally-assame 
anel-aneepr-the-obligatiens-assameel-by-it-under-this-Seetien-1-6,Parehaser-agrees-te-inelerrinify 
and-hold-Seller-harniess-frern-and-against-any-and-all-lessefir eastsr 
darnages-eineludingr  bat-net-lirniteekter  reasonable-auerneys=fees-anel-elisbursement±afising 
frein-er-relating40-a-breath-of-its-obligatiefts-uneler-this-Seetien-16r  the-failare-te-employ-OF 
termination of any of the Property employees, or any complete or partial withdrawal liability 
a i is ing-us-a-reselr-of-this-transaerion-er-any-aet-er-ornission-of-ParehaseeeEant affiliate-thereof: 
4-67-372-Seller-represents-te-Parehaser-that-Seller-intenels-te-liquielate-eaul-elisselve-itself 
follewing-the-Clesing,Seller-agrees-te-Eleliver-te-Parehaser-at-least-thirry-(--30)4ays-aelvance 
notiee-ef-any-sueh-intended-liguldationr In-the-event-of-suelt-liquielmiem-anel-disselationr Seetien 
-1-204(a}(-3)-ef-rsRISA-amel4he-Meltiernpleyer-Pensien-Plans-may-obligate4eller-te-pest-a-benel-of 
eserew
ith-er-for-the-benefit-ef-the-Multierripleyer-Pensien-Plan-fthe
Secendury-Bendm), 
lieweverr in recognition of the fact that the Secondary Bond secures Seller's secondary 
responsibility-for-Purehasees-primary-withdrawal-liability-under-BRISA-and-the-Multiempbyer 
Pensien-Plan,Parehaser-agrees-that-if4eller-is-requirecl-te-post-the-Seeenelary-lienel,Parehaser 
will-proviEle-and-rnaintain
ithout-limitation-such-SeeenElafy-Bentir  on-behalf-of-Sellepc  in 
complianee-with-the-applieable-requirernents-of-ERISA-anel-the-Mtiltiempleyer-Pension-PlanT 
Provieleelr  however  that-if-Purehaser-shall-be-prehibited-b.frapplicable-law-frorn-previkling-and 
maintainnig-suth-Seeendarr Bendr after-using-eenimereiallrreasertable-efferts-te-ebtain-the 
reetaisite-apprevals,Seller-agrees-te-proviele-and-rnaintain-samer subjeet-te-Perehaserls-paying-all 
costs-and-expenses-and-provitling-any-eollateral-required-by-the-issuer-ef-the-Seeonelary-Bend7 
Nething-in-this-subseetion-shall-limit-OF-numlify-Parehaserls-withelrawal-liabilitsfruneler-ERISA-OF 
the-Multiernployer-Pemion-Plan-or-as-provided-for-in-this-Seetion-1-6737 
4-674-12he-ebligatiefts-anti-anelertaking-ef-Parehaser-aneler-this-Seeiien-1-6-is-a-speeial 
inducement to Seller to enter into this Agreement without which Seller would not enter into this 
Agreenient
iktypebligatiefts-of-the-Parehaser-pursuant-te-this-Seetion-1-6-shall-superseele-and 
take precedence over any other debts or obligations of Purchaser andfor the Property, and 
Purehascr ahall-take-no-aetions-(er-fail-te-tale-ant aetiens)-ineensistent-herewith, 
16.4 
-1-675-The provisions of this Section 16 shall survive the Closing. 
17. CLOSING CONDITIONS. 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808381
--- PAGE 44 ---
17.1 
Mutual Closing Conditions. 
1.1 
0' 
the transaction contemplated in this Agreement are subiect to the satisfaction at or prior to 
Closing of the following conditions precedent (the "Mutual Closing Conditions"): 
Adverse Proceedings. No litigation or other court action shall 
have been commenced seeking to obtain an injunction or other relief from such court to 
enjoin the consummation of the transaction described in this Agreement. and no 
preliminary or permanent injunction or other order, decree or ruling shall have been 
issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or by any governmental authority, that would 
make illegal or invalid or otherwise prevent the consummation of the transaction 
described in this Agreement 
Adverse Law. No applicable law shall have been enacted that 
would make illerial or invalid or otherwise prevent the consummation of
 transaction 
described in this Agreement.
1 2 Failure of Mutual Closing Condition. If any of the Mutual Closing Conditions is 
not satisfied at Closing, then each party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by 
providing written notice to the other party, in which case the Deposit shall be refunded to 
Purchaser in accordance with Section 3 2 4 and the parties shall have no further rights or 
obligations under this Agreement, except for those which expressly survive such termination. 
17.2 
Purchaser CInsinQ Conditi 
17.2.1 Satisfaction. In addition to the Mutual Closing Conditions. Purchaser's 
obligations to close the transactions described in this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction at 
or prior to Closing of the following conditions precedent (the "Purchaser Closing Conditions"k 
Seller's Deliveries. All of the Seller Closing Deliveries shall have 
been delivered to Purchaser or deposited with Escrow Agent to be delivered to Purchaser 
at Closing. 
l 
Representations and Warranties. The re re
p yenta 
of Seller in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the 
Closing, or as of_snehather date to which such representation or_w_arrantviaSSIiis 
made). 
kith 
Covenants and Obligations. 
Seller shall have performed in all 
material respects its covenants and obligations in this Agreement that are to be performed 
on or prior to Closing. 
fly) 
Title Policy The Title Company shall have irrevocably committed 
and be unconditionally hound to issue an owner's title policy to Purchaser in the amount 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808382
--- PAGE 45 ---
of the Purchase Price subject only to the Permitted Exceptions, and with such 
endorsements as Purchaser may_reouire_andilleThleCornnTh. 
• u 
• • 
17.2.2 .Failure of Purchaser Closing Condition. Except as expressly provided in 
Section
 nf_the_Purchaser Closing Conditionsis not satisfied at ClosittPant 
as provided below in this Section) Purchaser shall have the right (i) subject to Seller's right to 
cure under Section 9.2 if applicable, to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 
9.2(b) hereof, or (ii) to waive any of the Purchaser Closing Conditions (and the attendant Seller 
default) at or prior to Closing. 
3 
Seller Closing Conditions 
3 1 Satisfaction. 
In addition to the Mutual Closing Conditions, Seller's 
li...ations to close the transartionsakte 
subject to the 
satisfaction at or prior to Closing of the following conditions precedent (the "Seller Closinp 
Conditions"); 
Receipt of the Purchase Price. Purchaser shall have paid to Seller 
or deposited with Escrow Agent with written direction to disburse the same to Seller, the 
Purchase Price (as adjusted pursuant in accordance herewith). 
Lill 
Purchaser's Deliveries. All of the Purchaser Closing Deliveries 
Seller at Closing. 
l 
Representations and Warranties. 
The =mentalism and 
warranties of Purchaser in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects 
as of the Closing (or as of such other date to which such representation or warranty 
expressly is made). 
fiv 1 
Covenants and Obligations. Purchaser shall have performed in all 
material respects its covenants and obligations in this Agreement that are to be performed 
on or prior to Closing. 
1737 
Section 17.4, if any of the Seller Closing Conditions is not satisfied at Closing, then (except as 
provided helow attbisieetion)_Seller_shahav_e the right (i) subject to Purchaser's_rightlosurg 
under Section 9.1 if a plicable, to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1 
hereof, or (ii) to waive any of the Seller Closing Conditions (and the attendant Purchaser defaulti 
at or prior to Closing. 
17.4 
Frustration of Closing Conditions 
Neither party may rely on the failure of a Mutual Closing Condition the Seller Closing 
Conditions or Purchaser Closing Conditions, respectively, if such failure was caused by such 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808383
--- PAGE 46 ---
party's (i.e., the party intending to so rely) failure to act in good faith or to use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to cause the Closing to occur. 
REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808384
--- PAGE 47 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the day 
and year first above written. 
SELLER: 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PURCHASER: 
[MRR DEVELOPMENT]j 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
In confirmation of the provisions contained in Section 2.5: 
ESCROW AGENT: 
ALLIANCE 
KA-TSIC-Y-1C-OR4NS-LLPSTJTTON I ANT) TITLE 
By: 
EFTA00808385
--- PAGE 48 ---
SCHEDULE 1 
ACCESS-POINT EQUIPMENT LEASE-DOEUMENT-&4.EASED 
EQUIPMEN-TI,F.ASFS
Meess-Feint-Eituipmert
ease-Doeumentsi
4-,Mastef-Equipment-Lease 
2,Guarmiy-Agreement 
4,Agreeffient4er-Suberdinatien-ef-Payments-10-Related-Parties 
ggill-e.f Sale 
Equipment-Subjeetie-Aeeess-Peint-Lease:-
Wellewrs4his-Page} 
EFTA00808386
--- PAGE 49 ---
(Deleted graphics) 
5,),Lectele 4 
ettnevetion doiduei 
Preliminary Renovation Budget for Lib HnMI 
N9W York. NY 
i:0e4trisniiIitlIernnen re nok, 
MS; r> HOIreitnlity IV: 
Dan L.Gk ; 
I I V 915.1r.innettc 
Lon WIRD: CAM. 9. CO oil, meat. TenrinMe. 
;MU? & Lelbel 
Phnnr Sytialretk [loch Will Fteki 
tcp.•srcatity air,. Sy ueen 
0; lonrg tisiimc 
Synem(rublie Lent) 
Ak-tI,Ap,,OlifASauft 
Cul:toter fhpurn, ...e 
el:CSI Viotti 
Mativ.....c S. I:lee SDA Iv.r 
Sonotate C1,41Mg 
Kik-hen ThoupmatiL 
hen 1,bauSt 
TV Cc.nten I in.:ludis,4 Grog lc Caitine dnaetion 
hisnased I r Leo:I;0n Sandifer 
Iwd CEM 
SKIJNI
6. 
SAIL1S3 
3.2% 
991.31I: 
7.81.4 
S5%4;6 
CI eiSsi 
SSS.179 
1.6% 
S64.276 
Sit 
S'72.8U? 
/.6% 
n Oleo 
63% 
S2R.R71 
29% 
r/96,71), 
1461.CCO 
12.8% 
S.StISOS 
4.3% 
K5.002 
statoau 
lois( 'Lad Cosi 
kl..97.NR 
93.74 
lolrl Sold L',t 
583.095 
63% 
len Iti:nlOfel I.IL 
513950-2-W 
Pralli nnll 
EFTA00808387
--- PAGE 50 ---
SCHEDULE 2 
SERVICE CONTRACTS 
[CONTRACTS 
TO 
INSERTED] 
EFTA00808388
--- PAGE 51 ---
EXHIBIT A 
LEGAL DESCRIPTION 
[Follows this Page.] 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808389
--- PAGE 52 ---
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808390
--- PAGE 53 ---
EXHIBIT B 
PERMITTED EXCEPTIONS TO TITLE 
The-Premises-is-sekl-artd-Atill-be-emiveyeel-subjeer-m-the-fellewiftg-fritePermitted 
Exceptitinet 
I. 
All presently existing and future liens for unpaid real estate taxes and water 
and sewer charges not due and payable as of the date of the Closing fas-Itereirmlier-defiried-h 
subject to adjustment as herein provided. 
2. 
All present and future zoning, building, environmental and other laws, 
ordinances, codes, restrictions and regulations of all governmental authorities having jurisdiction 
with respect to the Property, including, without limitation, landmark designations and all zoning 
variances and special exceptions, if any (collectively, "Laws and Regulations"). 
3. All covenants, restrictions and rights and all easements and agreements (recorded 
er-mherwise)-fehrhe-ereetion-andier-maimeftanee-of-mmterr vet steaft-eleeitietelephomer sewer 
er—mher—utiiity—pipelinesr  pelesr  wiresreemlitim—or—mher
like—faeilitiesr ankl—appurienanees 
thermer  ever  aeress-and-under-the Propefty-(eelleetively;
Righte-and-all-mher-mtvenants;
reservationsr  resicietionsr rightsr easementer rleelaraitons-anel-agreements-ef-meemlhprettieleelr the 
same-de-net-prehibit-the-use-ef-the-Hotel-for4heir-eurrenhuser 
4,All-servieer 
witheut-limitationr  heatr  steam, 
eleetrie-pewerr, giterand-light-and-telephon0-and-other-Ser-viee-Gentrams-imeerineetion-tvith-the 
P4-019eFt"ft 
5rThe—Equipment—Leases—and—Restamant—Lease—and—the—Cellemive—Ilargaining 
Agreement. 
erCensents-by-Seller-er-any-fermer-ewner-ef-ihe-Property-fer-the-emmion-of-any 
stmeture-m-stmetures-enr undehm-abeve-anrstreehohstreets-en-whieh-tim-Preperir mar abut, 
7,Enereaehmems-ef-steepgr  aremr eellar-mepgr ifimsr eernieesr  lintelsr
awningsr earepiesrletlgesr  fences, hedges- eepings—and—retaining—walls—projeeting—from-the 
Properiy-ever-awfrstrem-er-highway-er-ever-ambaeljeining-prepert..francl-prejesting-frem-aeljeining 
Iroperty-ever-the-Property, 
Variations—berweeri—reeord—lifte—mid—feneesr heelges—and—retaining—wallt —artel 
enemmehments-ef-adjeining-premises-upen-the-Property-mid-var-imions-hetween-the-deserimien-ef 
Premises-liereimand-imemap-deteription-mtdier-between-ratt-lot-lines-imd-lines-ef-reeerdiitle 
9r Pinaneing-siatementer  shattel-ntertgages-aitel-liens-empersonal
ml-by-any 
former tenant-or owner of the Property; (b) filed more than five (5) years prior to the Closing 
I ):it e-iind-rmt-renewe4er-(9)-filml-againshproperPfrer-equipment-no-lenger-leeatm1-within-ihe 
Property: 
40,Remeabilitsfr er-laek-ef-right-m-rnainmin-vaultsr  seal-chumsr  mieavatiens-Or 
sub-surfaee-equipment-beyond-the-line-of-the-Prepeay: 
-1-1=Any encumbrances, defects or objections to title and any and all other 
matters whatsoever in each case arising out of the acts or omissions of Purchaser-or-any-tenants 
ar-ether-persofts-elaiming-thretigh-er-against-rffirtemtntsr itt-the-Prepertr er-whiell-are-etherwise 
the-ehligatiemer-liability-ef-any-tenams-m-iheasperty. 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808391
--- PAGE 54 ---
-Standard exclusions and exceptions contained in the jacket of a standard 
New York form of title insurance policy issued at the time of Closing by the Title Company. 
44r All-teenSr eeseenantsr  cendiliens-and-Festhetiens-ef4he-fellewing-deeumeats-and 
instrtunents 
arcevenants-and-Resifietions-reeeFded4-Liber-482-page-3.68-amd-Liber--487-page 
4-78: 
br Zening-Let-Develepment-Agreemem-reeerded-in-GRFN-20940992507447 
Deelaratien-ef-Easemem-reeeFded-in-GRPN-2004000-32-7467: 
dr Deelaration-ef-aening-Let-Restfiefions-reeerded-in-GRI2N-200409032-74-70: 
o ClaFificationagFeemem-Fecerded-in-GRP14-20gGQ0317-314 
f. Consent to and kinder in Declaration of Zoning-Let Restrictions recorded in CRFN 
2001000250719.
g. Zoning-Lot-Deseription-ami-Ownershipeatement-reeerded-in-C-RFN 
2006000516158.
Certifieutien-Pufsaant-te-Zening-Let-Subdimisien-rec-erded-in-GRI44 
2906000-544-597 
surveft 
Any encumbrances or other objections to title as of rccord as of the date hereof-and 
not timely objected to by Purchaser in accordance with Section 1.1. 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808392
--- PAGE 55 ---
EXHIBIT C 
FORM OF DEED 
THIS INDENTURE, made as of the 
day of 
by LIFE HOTEL 
ONE LLC, a New York limited liability company having an address at do Mitchell Holdings, 
801 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10065 (hereinafter referred to as 
"Grantor"), to [ 
 a [ 
 a [ 
 ] having an office 
[ 
] (hereinafter referred to as "Grantee"). 
WITNESSETH, that Grantor, in consideration of Ten Dollars ($10.00), lawful 
money of the United States, paid by Grantee, does hereby grant and release unto Grantee, the 
heirs or successors and assigns of Grantee forever: 
ALL that certain plot, piece or parcel of land with the building and improvements 
thereon erected, situate, lying and being, more particularly described on Exhibit A attached 
hereto and made a part hereof (the "Premises");
TOGETHER WITH all right, title and interest, if any, of Grantor in and to any 
streets and roads abutting the Premises to the center lines thereof; 
TOGETHER WITH the appurtenances and all the estate and rights of Grantor in 
and to the Premises. 
TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Premises unto Grantee, the heirs or successors 
and assigns of Grantee forever. 
GRANTOR covenants that Grantor has not done or suffered anything whereby said 
premises have been encumbered in any WAY WhilLeYCL subies3 to any easements. covenants 
conditions, restrictions and other matters of record. 
AND Grantor, in compliance with Section l3 of the Lien Law, covenants that 
Grantor will receive the consideration for this conveyance and will hold the right to receive such 
consideration as a trust fund to be applied first for the purpose of paying the cost of the 
improvements at the Premises and will apply the same first to the payment of the cost of the 
improvements before using any part of the total of the same for any other purpose. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808393
--- PAGE 56 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Grantor has duly executed this deed the day and year 
first above written. 
GRANTOR: 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
):ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) 
On the 
day of 
in the year 20_, before me, the undersigned, personally 
appeared 
 personally known to me or proved to me on the basis 
of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument 
and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity, and that by his signature on 
the instrument, the individual, or the persons upon behalf of which the individuals acted, executed 
the instrument. 
Notary Public 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808394
--- PAGE 57 ---
EXHIBIT A 
Legal Description 
[INSERT— Legal Description] 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808395
--- PAGE 58 ---
EXHIBIT D 
FORM OF ASSIGNMENT OF EQUIPMENT LEASES 
THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASES (this "Assignment") is entered 
into as of the 
day of 
, 20 
by and between LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, a New York 
limited liability company having an address at do Mitchell Holdings, 801 Madison Avenue, 4'h 
Floor, New York, New York 10065 ("Assignor"), and [ 
], a 
, having an address at  
("Assignee").
IN CONSIDERATION of the premises contained herein, Ten Dollars ($10.00) and other 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby mutually 
acknowledged, Assignor hereby assigns to Assignee, all right, title and interest of Assignor as 
landlord/lessor under all the leases, license agreements and other agreements and documents 
(collectively, the "Equipment Leases") in effect for equipment, furnishings or other personal 
property located and/or used at the Life Hotel, located at 19 West 313' Street, New York, New 
York and listed on Schedule A, annexed hereto. 
Assignee hereby expressly assumes all of the obligation% imposed upon the lessee under 
the Equipment Leases which accrue from and after the date hereof. Assignee hereby agrees to 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless, Assignor and Assignor's affiliates, successors and assigns 
against any and all claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and 
disbursements), suffered or incurred by Assignor arising out of, under or in connection with the 
Equipment Leases from and after the date hereof. 
This Assignment and Assumption of Equipment Leases is made by Assignor without 
recourse and without any express or implied representation or warranty whatsoever. 
This Assignment and Assumption of Equipment Leases shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
This Assignment may be signed in any number of counterparts and delivered via facsimile 
or as a ".PDF' attachment to an email, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of 
which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808396
--- PAGE 59 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have executed and delivered this 
Assignment the day and year first above written. 
ASSIGNOR: 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, 
a New York limited liability company 
ASSIGNEE: 
By: 
By: 
Name:  
Name:  
Title:  
Title:  
513950-2-W 
[INSERT Schedule A — Leases and Security Deposits] 
EFTA00808397
--- PAGE 60 ---
EXHIBIT E 
FORM OF ASSIGNMENT OF SERVICE CONTRACTS 
THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF SERVICE CONTRACTS (this 
"Assignment") is entered into as of the 
day of 
by and between LIFE HOTEL 
ONE LLC, a New York limited liability company having an address at do Mitchell Holdings, 
801 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10065 ("Assignor"), and 
a  
, 
having 
an address at 
("Assignee").
IN CONSIDERATION of the premises contained herein, Ten Dollars ($10.00) and other 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby mutually 
acknowledged, Assignor hereby assigns to Assignee, all right, title and interest of all right, title 
and interest of Assignor under all of the service, maintenance, supply and other agreements 
(collectively, the "Service Contracts") at the Life Hotel, located at 19 West 31' Street, New 
York, New York and listed on Schedule A, annexed hereto. 
Assignee hereby expressly assumes all of the obligations imposed upon the all of the 
obligations imposed upon the owner of the Property under the Service Contracts which accrue 
from and after the date hereof. Assignee hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless, 
Assignor and Assignor's affiliates, successors and assigns against any and all claims, losses, 
liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements), suffered or 
incurred by Assignor arising out of, under or in connection with the Service Contracts from and 
after the date hereof. 
This Assignment and Assumption of Service Contracts is made by Assignor without 
recourse and without any express or implied representation or warranty whatsoever. 
This Assignment and Assumption of Service Contracts shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
This Assignment may be signed in any number of counterparts and delivered via facsimile 
or as a ".PDF' attachment to an email, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of 
which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808398
--- PAGE 61 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have executed and delivered this 
Assignment the day and year first above written. 
ASSIGNOR: 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, 
a New York limited liability company 
ASSIGNEE: 
By: 
By: 
Name:  
Name:  
Title:  
Title:  
513950-2-W 
[INSERT Schedule A — Service Contracts] 
EFTA00808399
--- PAGE 62 ---
EXHIBIT F 
FORM OF BILL OF SALE 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, a New York limited liability company, having an 
address at cM Mitchell Holdings, 801 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10065 
("Seller"), in consideration of Ten Dollars ($10.00) and other good and valuable consideration 
paid to Seller by  
 a 
 having an 
address at 
("Purchaser"), 
the 
receipt 
and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, hereby sells, conveys, assigns, transfers, delivers 
and sets over to Purchaser all fixtutesr futnittirer furnishingsr equipmentr maehinetyr inventery7
applianees-ancl-ether--aistieles-ef-tangibleper-senal-pFepefty-listed-whish-afe-ewne€1-4-841eF-anel 
which are located at and used or usable in connection-with--the-real property located at the Life 
Hotel, located at 19 West 314 Street, New York, New York (the - Property"Personal Property" 
such term is defined in that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of 
2019 
made by and between Seller as seller and Purchaser as purchaser with respect to the Property 
(the "PSA"); in all cases provided that any sale, conveyance, assignment, and transfer 
contemplated hereby shall expressly exclude all "Excluded Property", as seek-term-is-defined-in 
that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of  
2018, made by and between
TO HAVE AND TO HOLD unto Purchaser and its successors and assigns to its 
and their own use and benefit forever. 
This Bill of Sale is made by Seller without recourse and without any expressed or 
implied representation or warranty whatsoever. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808400
--- PAGE 63 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has caused this Bill of Sale to be executed as of 
this 
day of 
. 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC 
a New York limited liability company 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808401
--- PAGE 64 ---
EXHIBIT G 
FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF COLLECTIVE BARGAINING 
AGREEMENT 
THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF COLLECTIVE BARGAINING 
AGREEMENT (this "Assignment"), is made and entered into this 
day of 
between LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, a New York limited liability company, having an address at 
do Mitchell Holdings, 801 Madison Avenue, 'I" Floor, New York, New York 10065 
("Assignor"), and [ 
le a  
 having an office at 
("Asst nee"). 
WITNESS-ETH: 
Assignor for Ten Dollars ($10.00), and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, hereby assigns to Assignee, all of 
Assignor's right, title and interest in, to and under that certain the Collective Bargaining 
Agreement, effective [July I, 2013) between the Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. 
("HANYC") and the Associated Hotels and Motels of Greater New York ("AHMGNY") as 
employer and The New York Hotel and Motels Trade Council, AFL-CIO (the -Union"), as 
amended and extended pursuant to that certain Memorandum of Understanding, dated as of June 
2015 by and among HANY and AHMGNY as employer and the Union as the same has 
beeinantyhereafteriteamended from time to time (the 
and (ii) that certain "side letter" dated May 12, 2015 (the "CBA Side Letter", together with the 
CollegtheilarzainingAareement, the "CBA") solely with respect to that certain real property 
known as the Life Hotel, located at 19 West 3151 Street, New York, New York (collectively, the 
"Property").
Assignee hereby expressly assumes all of the obligations imposed upon Assignor, 
under the CBA, solely with respect the Property, which accrue from and after the date hereof. 
This Agreement is made by Assignor without recourse and without any expressed 
or implied representation or warranty whatsoever, except as set forth in that certain Purchase and 
Sale Agreement dated as of 
 2044201 between Assignor and Assignee. 
This Assignment inures to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and assigns. 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808402
--- PAGE 65 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have executed this Assignment as of 
the date first above written. 
ASSIGNOR: 
ASSIGNEE: 
LIFE HOTEL ONE LLC, 
a New York limited liability company 
By: 
By: 
Name:  
Name:  
Title:  
Title:  
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808403
--- PAGE 66 ---
EXHIBIT H 
FORM OF HOLDBACK ESCROW AGREEMENT 
(FORM TBD 
i 
513950-2-W 
EFTA00808404
--- PAGE 67 ---
Summary report: 
Litera® Change-Pro for Word 10.2.0.10 Document comparison done on 
1/10/2019 5:00:29 PM 
Style name: SMRH Standard 
Intelligent Table Comparison: Active 
Original DMS: iw://DMS_PHX/EAST/228516293/1 
Modified DMS: iw://DMS_PHX/EAST/228516293/2 
Changes: 
Add 
351 
Delete 
294 
Move -ROM 
Move To 
Table Insert 
Table Delete 
Table moves to 
Table-moyes-from 
Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
I 
Embedded Excel 
Format changes 
Total Changes: 
700 
EFTA00808405

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808406.pdf
----------------------------------------
GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
BEFORE THE DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
DIVISION OF COASTAL ZONE MANAGEMENT 
IN THE MATTER OF 
THE DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND 
NATURAL RESOURCES, COMMISSIONER 
DAWN L. HENRY, ESQUIRE, 
) NOVA 04-16-STT 
) 
) ) ) 
) NOTICE OF FAILURE TO CURE 
COMPLAINANT, 
) BREACH OF SETTLEMENT 
) AGREEMENT AND 
vs. 
) ENFORCEMENT OF SETTLEMENT 
) AGREEMENT 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC 
) 
) 
) 
) 
RESPONDENT. 
) 
SUPPLEMENTAL CONSENT AGREEMENT 
WHEREAS, the Complainant, the Department of Planning and Natural Resources 
(DPNR), is responsible for the administration and enforcement of laws and regulations 
pertaining to the protection and preservation of the coastal resources of the United States Virgin 
Islands, including the Coastal Zone Management Act (the "CZM Act"), Title 12, Chapter 21, of 
the Virgin Islands Code, and the Division of Coastal Zone Management ("CZM") is a division 
thereof; and 
WHEREAS, the Complainant, commenced an administrative enforcement proceeding by 
serving Respondent on April 25, 2016 with Notice of Violation No. NOVA-04-16-STT dated 
April 22, 2016 ("NOVA"); and 
EFTA00808406
--- PAGE 2 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 2 of 10 
WHEREAS, on or about August 4, 2016, respondent entered into a Settlement 
Agreement ("Settlement Agreement") with DPNR regarding issues pertaining to the NOVA; and 
WHEREAS, on or about November 4, 2016, Complainant served Respondent with a 
Notice to Cure Breach of Settlement Agreement ("Notice") requiring Respondent within ten (10) 
days to remove all unpermitted development and structures and failure to comply will subject 
Respondent to further enforcement action pursuant to V.I. Code Ann. Tit. 12 § 913 and Section 
3(d) of the Settlement Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, on or about December 15, 2016, Complainant served Respondent with a 
Notice of Failure to Cure Breach of Settlement Agreement and Enforcement of Paragraph 3(d) of 
the Settlement Agreement "Failure to Cure-requiringasId 
WHEREAS, promptly upon receipt of both the Notice and the Failure to Cure 
Respondent te—pay—DP14R—the—remaining—penalty—balanse—af---Twehas been in frequent 
communication with Complainant in order to clarify and resolve ambiguities therein and to 
timely respond with appropriate action to address Complainant's concerns; and 
WHEREAS, Respondent has taken action to appropriately and comprehensively address 
all of Complainant's concerns as set forth in the Notice and the Failure to Cure, and moving 
forward has demonstrated a genuine and substantial commitment to work proactively with 
Complainant to preserve and protect the coastal resources in the United States Virgin Islands and 
to be a responsible steward of those resources on Great St. James Island; and 
WHEREAS, the commitment of Respondent and its affiliates to the preservation and 
protection of the Coastal Resources of the United States Virgin Islands is evidenced, among 
other ways, by a grant to the St. Thomas Historical Trust, an exempt entity under Section 
EFTA00808407
--- PAGE 3 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 3 of 10 
501(c13) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Historic Trust"). which Gratitude America. Ltd., an 
affiliate of Respondent, is making in the amount of One Hundred T-enSixty Thousand Dollars 
($2-1-0160,000700)and) for the purpose of paying fees, costs and expenses in connection with the 
construction of a raveling wall at Fort Christian located in Tier 1 on St. Thomas in the United 
States Virgin Islands (the "Fort Christian Project"); 
WHEREAS, Complainant and Respondent are collectively referred to herein as the 
Parties; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties agree that: (a) settlementresolution of the matters set forth in the 
NOVA, the Settlement Agreement, the Notice and the Failure to Cure are in the best 
interectinterests of the Parties and the public; (b) the clarity and finality provided through the 
entry of this Supplemental Consent Agreement without litigation is the most appropriate means 
of resolving this matter; and (c) by-enter-ing-inte-this-Sopplemental-GE416014t-Agfeement7
Respenclent-neither-agrte-with-ner--aelmit-te-any-of -the-feregeing-r-eeitals-but-agrees-that-this 
Supplemental Consent Agreement shall be enforceable in the event Respenclent-failsof any 
failure by the Parties to comply with the provisions contained herein; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties recognize that this Supplemental Consent Agreement has been 
negotiated in good faith and that it is fair, reasonable, and in the public interest. 
NOW THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
The—Respenclent—agfees—to—fund—the—fellowing—Sopplemental—En*irentnental—Pfejeet 
("SEP-n)-in-Lieu-ef--Stipulated-Penalties-ef-4tet-less-than-Ofte-Hondred4ix-ty-Thousand-Dellafs 
EFTA00808408
--- PAGE 4 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 4 of 10 
(41-607000700)
C-enstfuesien-ef--the-Raveling-Well-m-Fen-Chrimien-leeated-en-StrThemas-in 
Tier 1. 
1r 
gsorow-Requirements. 
Ar Withiii-five-business-(-5)-Elays-of--reeeipt-ef-this-fully-exec-uted-Supplemenlal-Censent 
Agreementr  Respenclem-shall-establish-ari-eserrovr aeoeunt—and-pay-i.nte-the-aonount 
net4ess-thim-One-Hundred-Siiety--Theusand-D011affi-(4-1-60;000700),The-puivese-of-the 
esereve-iteeautu-is-selelr fer-the-benefit-of-the-SEP7 
B. Thc ceerow account must be an interest bearing account and its terms,  te-inekule 
disbursements must be approved by DPNR. The account must be at a banking 
institutien-loeateil-en-Str-Themas-US-V1, 
CAfty-intefest-ertmed-must-ge-tewards-the-SER 
Respendent-skali-net-be-a-signatepy-en-the-esorow-aseeunt, 
ted
of the escrow account. The escrow account should be for a period of no more than 
twe-years-er-until-funds-aro-experule4 
FRespendent-shall-seleer-a-bended-rillffirt0-aet-as-the-agent-fer-the-eserew-aeeount, 
The-agen4ls-primarT-responsibili4y-is-to-slisburse-funds-from-the-066f0W-assetint-hased 
en-DPNR2s-written-approval, 
EFTA00808409
--- PAGE 5 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 5 of 10 
6Dite-te-the-histepieel-and-pr-eseFvetion-netere-ef--the-projeetr  DPNR-State-Histefie 
Preservatien-Offiee-will-eversee-the-impierneittatierref-the-SEPrte-ifielude-but-net 
iimited—te—design—of--the—Raveling—wallr
 geleetien—of—eentfaeter(Or nianagement7
appreval-ef-wer-k-and-payment-requests, 
M. 
Further Action Discontinued 
In view of Respondent's efforts to clarify, eliminate and/or comprehensively address all 
of Complainant's issues set forth in the Notice and the Failure to Cure, and Respondent's 
demonstrated commitment moving forward to work proactively with the Complainant to 
preserve and protect the coastal resources of the United States Virgin Islands, including 
those on Great St. James Island, the Parties agree that further action against Complainant 
under the Notice and Failure to Cure. including, without limitation, the assessment of any 
penalty against Respondent contemplated by the Notice or the Failure to Cure with 
respect to the matters contemplated by the Notice and Failure to Cure, shall be 
permanently discontinued. 
2. 
Compliance with Applicable Laws 
This Agreement in no way relieves Respondent of its responsibility to comply with any 
other applicable federal or territorial laws, regulations and permits not specifically 
mentioned herein, and compliance with this Agreement shall not constitute a defense to 
any action pursuant to said laws, regulations, or permits raised by any territorial or 
federal agency other than DPNR. 
EFTA00808410
--- PAGE 6 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-S11' 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 6 of 10 
43. 
Release 
Upeti—eempliapee—with—all—tees-and-genditiens-af-this-Agteetnentr  DPNR fully and 
unconditionally releases and discharges Respondent and its successors, assigns, members, 
managers, employees, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, representatives and attorneys 
(hereinafter "Respondent Parties"), except as specifically provided in Paragraph ;5 of 
this Agreement, from any and all claims, demands, liens, causes of action, suits, damages, 
judgments, debts or liabilities whatsoever, both at law or in equity, which DPNR the 
Commissioner of DPNR and any of itsthe successors or assigns thereof had or may have 
now against Respondent relating to any alleged violation indicated herein or in the Notice 
of Violation Assessment NOVA-04-16-STT, the Settlement Agreement, the Notice, and 
the Failure to Cure. 
54. Covenant Not to Sue 
In consideration of the actions that-will-beheretofore performed by Respondent aaderin 
response to the terms of this AgrecmentNotice and the Failure to Cure, and except as 
specifically provided in Paragraph 65 of this Agreement, DPNR and the Commissioner of 
DPNR each covenants not to sue or to take further administrative action against 
Respondent for alleged violations of the Act, relating to any alleged violation indicated 
herein or in the Notice of Violation Assessment NOVA-04-16-STT, the Settlement 
Agreement, the Notice, and the Failure to Cure existing now known. These covenants 
EFTA00808411
--- PAGE 7 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 7 of 10 
'bailor at any time prior to sue—ttre—eendifiened—upen—safisfeetefy—peffermanee—by 
Revendent-ef--ks-ebligettiees-tritder-this-24greemesthe date hereof. 
65. Reservations of Rights by DPNR-CZM 
DPNR reserves and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent 
with respect to all matters not expressly included within the Covenants Not To Sue in 
Paragraph (5).4. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, DPNR 
reserves, and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent with 
respect to: 
(a) 
Liability for failure of Respondent to meet a requirement of this Agreement; and 
(b) 
Liability for costs incurred or to be incurred by the United States Virgin Islands 
not specifically covered by this Agreement or unbeknownst to the Complainant; 
(c) 
Liability for future violations (occurring after the Commissioner's approval of this 
Agreement.) 
(d) 
Liability for damages for injury to, destruction of, or loss of natural resources, and 
for costs of any natural resource damage assessments not specifically covered by this 
Agreement or unbeknownst to the Complainant. 
EFTA00808412
--- PAGE 8 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04- I 6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 8 of 10 
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to be or shall be construed as a release, covenant 
not to sue, or compromise of any claim or cause of action, administrative or judicial, civil 
or criminal, past or future, in law or in equity, which the Government of the Virgin 
Islands may have against any person, firm, corporation or other entity not a signatory to 
this Agreement, other than Respondent Parties. This Supplemental SeniementConsent
Agreement does not limit or affect the rights of Respondent or the Government of the 
Virgin Islands against any third parties not named herein, nor the rights of third parties 
not parties to this Agreement against any other parties, other than Respondent Parties. 
74. No Admission 
Neither this Agreement, nor anything provided herein or on the fumishing—ofrecitals 
hereof nor any actions taken by Respondent in response to the consider-anon-few-this 
AgreementNotice or the Failure to Cure shall be deemed or construed at any time for any 
purpose as an admission by Respondent of any liability, unlawful conduct of any kind or 
violation of any law by Respondent-ehany-law. 
7. Modification 
EFTA00808413
--- PAGE 9 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 9 of 10 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements, representations and 
understanding, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. Prior drafts 
of this Agreement shall not be used in any action involving the interpretation or 
enforcement of this Agreement. All modifications to this Agreement shall be in writing 
and signed by the Parties hereto. 
98. Jurisdiction 
This Agreement shall be construed and its performance enforced under the laws of the 
United States Virgin Islands. 
4-09. Representations 
Each person executing this Agreement represents that the party hereto on whose behalf 
the person is executing this Agreement has duly authorized the execution of this 
Agreement and that such person is authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of 
such party. 
EFTA00808414
--- PAGE 10 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 10 of 10 
JEAN-PIERRE L. ORIOL 
Director — Coastal Zone Management 
oftlIM, LIfi
8100 Lindberg Bay, Suite #61 
MeFribasklent 
Cyril E. King Airport 
Terminal Building, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
SO ORDERED THIS 
DAY OF 
JEFFERYJEFFREY EPSTEIN, President of 
GREAT ST. Poplar, Inc., the Sole Member 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLCPopular, Inc., Sole 
2017 
HONORABLE DAWN L. HENRY, COMMISSIONER 
DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
EFTA00808415

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808416.pdf
----------------------------------------
JOB ESTIMATE 
REEFCO SERVICES 
3439 Kronprindsens Gade, Ste 5 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
Date: 217118 
Job Number: Little Saint James 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Email: 
St. Thomas USVI 
Att. 
We are pleased to submit the following cost estimate: 
Job Description: 
Replacment of 18.000 BTU High Efficiency 19 Seer NC Unit in Captain's Office 
Fujitsu 18RLB. Unit was badly damaged in hurricane. Install new surge protector on unit. 
MATERIALS 
QUANTITY 
DESCRIPTION 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
18.000 Btu High Efficiency 18RLB Fujitsu NC unit 
Cost $1888 
2.517.33 
2.517.33 
Surge protector 
Cost $160 
200.00 
200.00 
MISC 
Plumbing-Hose. Clamps. Piping, etc. 
150.00 
150.00 
MISC 
Electrical-Wire, connectors. etc. 
75.00 
75.00 
Freight 
95.00 
Materials total: 
3,037.33 
Labor of Installation 
HOURS 
DESCRIPTION 
CHARGES 
TOTAL 
8.00 Installation of new Condenser and Evaporator 
101.00 
808.00 
8.00 Helper 
50.00 
400.00 
Only actual hours worked will be billed at completion of job 
Gross Receipt Tax 
Inc. 
Labor It Tax total: 
TERMS: 50% down,50% upon completion of job 
Total estimate: 
1,208.00 
4,245.33 
Prices Reflect a 25% markup 
Reefco, Services Representative 
To use exsistina line set and electrical 
Sign 
David Van Drieson 
Title: President 
Customer Representative 
Sign 
Date 
/ 
/ 
EFTA00808416
--- PAGE 2 ---
JOB ESTIMATE 
REEFCO SERVICES 
3439 Kronprindsens Gade, Ste 5 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
Date: 217118 
Job Number: Little Saint James 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Email: 
St. Thomas USVI 
Att. 
We are pleased to submit the following cost estimate: 
Job Description: 
Replacment of 18.000 BTU High Efficiency 19 Seer NC Unit in Captain's Office 
Fujitsu 18RLB. Unit was badly damaged in hurricane. Install new surge protector on unit. 
MATERIALS 
QUANTITY 
DESCRIPTION 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
18.000 Btu High Efficiency 18RLB Fujitsu A/C unit 
Cost $1888 
2.517.33 
2.517.33 
Surge protector 
Cost $160 
200.00 
200.00 
MISC 
Plumbing-Hose, Clamps. Piping, etc. 
150.00 
150.00 
MISC 
Electrical-Wire, connectors. etc. 
75.00 
75.00 
Freight 
95.00 
Materials total: 
3,037.33 
Labor of Installation 
HOURS 
DESCRIPTION 
CHARGES 
TOTAL 
8.00 Installation of new Condenser and Evaporator 
101.00 
808.00 
8.00 Helper 
50.00 
400.00 
Only actual hours worked will be billed at completion of job 
Gross Receipt Tax 
Inc. 
Labor 14 Tax total: 
TERMS: 50% down,50% upon completion of job 
Total estimate: 
1,208.00 
4.245.33 
Prices Reflect a 25% markup 
Reefco, Services Representative 
To use exsistina line set and electrical 
Sign 
David Van Drieson 
Title: President 
Customer Representative 
Sign 
Date 
/ 
/ 
EFTA00808417
--- PAGE 3 ---
JOB ESTIMATE 
REEFCO SERVICES 
3439 Kronprindsens Gade, Ste 5 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
Date: 217118 
Job Number: Little Saint James 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Email: 
St. Thomas USVI 
Att. 
We are pleased to submit the following cost estimate: 
Job Description: 
Replacment of 18.000 BTU High Efficiency 19 Seer NC Unit in Captain's Office 
Fujitsu 18RLB. Unit was badly damaged in hurricane. Install new surge protector on unit. 
MATERIALS 
QUANTITY 
DESCRIPTION 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
18.000 Btu High Efficiency 18RLB Fujitsu NC unit 
Cost $1888 
2.517.33 
2.517.33 
Surge protector 
Cost $160 
200.00 
200.00 
MISC 
Plumbing-Hose. Clamps. Piping, etc. 
150.00 
150.00 
MISC 
Electrical-Wire, connectors. etc. 
75.00 
75.00 
Freight 
95.00 
Materials total: 
3,037.33 
Labor of Installation 
HOURS 
DESCRIPTION 
CHARGES 
TOTAL 
8.00 Installation of new Condenser and Evaporator 
101.00 
808.00 
8.00 Helper 
50.00 
400.00 
Only actual hours worked will be billed at completion of job 
Gross Receipt Tax 
Inc. 
Labor 14 Tax total: 
TERMS: 50% down,50% upon completion of job 
Total estimate: 
1,208.00 
4.245.33 
Prices Reflect a 25% markup 
Reefco, Services Representative 
To use exsistina line set and electrical 
Sign 
David Van Drieson 
Title: President 
Customer Representative 
Sign 
Date 
/ 
/ 
EFTA00808418
--- PAGE 4 ---
JOB ESTIMATE 
REEFCO SERVICES 
3439 Kronprindsens Gade, Ste 5 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
Date: 217118 
Job Number: Little Saint James 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Email: 
St. Thomas USVI 
Att. 
We are pleased to submit the following cost estimate: 
Job Description: 
Replacment of 18.000 BTU High Efficiency 19 Seer NC Unit in Captain's Office 
Fujitsu 18RLB. Unit was badly damaged in hurricane. Install new surge protector on unit. 
MATERIALS 
QUANTITY 
DESCRIPTION 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
18.000 Btu High Efficiency 18RLB Fujitsu NC unit 
Cost $1888 
2.517.33 
2.517.33 
Surge protector 
Cost $160 
200.00 
200.00 
MISC 
Plumbing-Hose. Clamps. Piping, etc. 
150.00 
150.00 
MISC 
Electrical-Wire, connectors. etc. 
75.00 
75.00 
Freight 
95.00 
Materials total: 
3,037.33 
Labor of Installation 
HOURS 
DESCRIPTION 
CHARGES 
TOTAL 
8.00 Installation of new Condenser and Evaporator 
101.00 
808.00 
8.00 Helper 
50.00 
400.00 
Only actual hours worked will be billed at completion of job 
Gross Receipt Tax 
Inc. 
Labor It Tax total: 
TERMS: 50% down,50% upon completion of job 
Total estimate: 
1,208.00 
4.245.33 
Prices Reflect a 25% markup 
Reefco, Services Representative 
To use exsistina line set and electrical 
Sign 
David Van Drieson 
Title: President 
Customer Representative 
Sign 
Date 
/ 
/ 
EFTA00808419
--- PAGE 5 ---
JOB ESTIMATE 
REEFCO SERVICES 
3439 Kronprindsens Gade, Ste 5 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
Date: 217118 
Job Number: Little Saint James 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Email: 
St. Thomas USVI 
Att. 
We are pleased to submit the following cost estimate: 
Job Description: 
Replacment of 18.000 BTU High Efficiency 19 Seer NC Unit in Captain's Office 
Fujitsu 18RLB. Unit was badly damaged in hurricane. Install new surge protector on unit. 
MATERIALS 
QUANTITY 
DESCRIPTION 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
18.000 Btu High Efficiency 18RLB Fujitsu NC unit 
Cost $1888 
2.517.33 
2.517.33 
Surge protector 
Cost $160 
200.00 
200.00 
MISC 
Plumbing-Hose, Clamps. Piping, etc. 
150.00 
150.00 
MISC 
Electrical-Wire, connectors. etc. 
75.00 
75.00 
Freight 
95.00 
Materials total: 
3,037.33 
Labor of Installation 
HOURS 
DESCRIPTION 
CHARGES 
TOTAL 
8.00 Installation of new Condenser and Evaporator 
101.00 
808.00 
8.00 Helper 
50.00 
400.00 
Only actual hours worked will be billed at completion of job 
Gross Receipt Tax 
Inc. 
Labor 14 Tax total: 
TERMS: 50% down,50% upon completion of job 
Total estimate: 
1,208.00 
4.245.33 
Prices Reflect a 25% markup 
Reefco, Services Representative 
To use exsistina line set and electrical 
Sign 
David Van Drieson 
Title: President 
Customer Representative 
Sign 
Date 
/ 
/ 
EFTA00808420

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808421.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RENEWED MOTION FOR LEAVE TO DISCLOSE EXPERT WITNESS 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), respectfully renews his request 
to be allowed to disclose an expert witness, and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
This case is currently not set for trial and, therefore, Counter-Plaintiff Bradley Edwards 
("Edwards") will not be prejudiced by Epstein's renewed request to disclose his expert witness to 
opine on matters of legal ethics and responsibility, probable cause and Edwards' professional 
reputation. 
BACKGROUND 
I. 
Pursuant to this Court's July 20, 2017, Order Specially Setting Jury Trial (D.E. 
938), the disclosure of experts retained to formulate an expert opinion was due 60 days prior to 
trial. At that time, trial was set on December 5, 2017, making the deadline October 6, 2017. 
EFTA00808421
--- PAGE 2 ---
2. 
Epstein's current trial counsel were retained after this deadline and, on November 
6, 2017, in light of the uncertainty of what issues would be tried and the numerous outstanding 
evidentiary issues, moved for a continuance of the trial and to extend the pre-trial deadlines, 
including an extension of expert disclosures. (D.E. 1035.) 
3. 
On November 14, 2017, the Court granted the continuance request and continued 
the special set trial to March 13, 2018. The Court's Order, however, did not address Epstein's 
request for an extension of the pit-trial deadlines. (D.E. 1057.) If that request were granted, the 
new deadline for expert disclosures would have been January 12, 2018. 
4. 
Counsel went before the Court on November 27, 2017, to clarify the Court's 
ruling. The Court granted the Motion made by Defendant/Counter-Defendant Bradley Edwards 
("Edwards") to reconfirm the existing pre-trial deadlines because of his concern over additional 
discovery. The Court noted, however, that it would permit additional limited discovery upon 
further motion. (D.E. 1086.) 
5. 
On November 29, December 5 and December 7, 2017, the parties participated in 
extensive special set hearings wherein the Court made rulings relating to the issues and evidence 
to be presented at trial. Although the Court did not reach all of the issues, in light of the rulings 
made during those hearings, Epstein believed he needed to retain an expert to testify about legal 
ethics and responsibility, probable cause and Mr. Edwards' professional reputation. Epstein 
retained C. Culver Smith, III for this purpose and disclosed him on December 15, 2017. 
6. 
On December 15, 2017, Epstein also filed his initial Motion for Leave to Disclose 
Expert Witness. (D.E. 1119.) The Motion was heard on January 17, 2018, but denied because 
the Court found the request untimely, not because of any undue prejudice to Edwards. 
EFTA00808422
--- PAGE 3 ---
7. 
On January 18, 2018, Epstein served his Updated Answers to Expert 
Interrogatories which expounded upon the opinions Mr. Smith would testify about. 
8. 
The March 13, 2018, trial was postponed in light of the appellate proceedings. 
Pursuant to the stay order issued by the Fourth District Court of Appeal, an Order resetting the 
trial cannot be issued until after May 28, 2018. Even then, the trial cannot take place for at least 
days. 
ARGUMENT 
Edwards was not prejudiced by Epstein's initial request, and he again will not be 
prejudiced. At most, Edwards may desire to take Mr. Smith's deposition, as Epstein did of 
Edwards' expert witness in December 2017. Astutely, this Court recognized at the March 8, 
2018, hearing, striking an expert witness is a drastic measure: 
[A] request to strike a witness is a drastic and extreme measure 
reserved only in rare circumstances especially where here we're 
dealing with an expert which is otherwise qualified to testify to 
what he's going to testify. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 93:16-20.) Indeed, "[a]s indicated in Binger v. King Pest Control, 401 So. 2d 
1310 (Fla. 1981), the exclusion of an unlisted witness' testimony is a drastic remedy which 
should pertain in only the most compelling circumstances. . . . Binger further indicates that 
when the opposing party is not prejudiced by the late disclosure, and compelling circumstances 
are not otherwise shown, the witness should generally be allowed to testify." Walters v. Keebler 
Co., 652 So. 2d 976, 977 (Fla. 1st DCA 1995). 
Here, there is no question that Mr. Smith is qualified to testify. Further, due to Edwards' 
bifurcation of his Counterclaim and ensuing appeal, there is sufficient time before Edwards' 
Counterclaim is reset for trial for Edwards to take the witness's deposition. Epstein will not 
object to opening discovery for that limited purpose. Significantly, Edwards can claim no 
EFTA00808423
--- PAGE 4 ---
surprise because he has known since December 2017 the opinions of which Mr. Smith will 
testify.' Because there is no showing nor can there be any genuine assertion of prejudice or other 
compelling circumstances, excluding Mr. Smith would be a drastic measure, and this Court 
should allow him to testify. See Walters, 652 So. 2d at 977. 
CONCLUSION 
Accordingly, Epstein respectfully requests that the Court grant this renewed Motion and 
allow his disclosure of Mr. Smith as an expert witness. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on April 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
(561) 727-3600; (561) 727-3601 [fax] 
By: Is 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Rachel J. Glasser (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
'Edwards first disclosed his expert's name on October 6, 2017, but did not disclose the 
subject matter of his testimony until October 20, 2017, after the disclosure deadline. The Court, 
however, denied Epstein's request to strike Edwards' expert. Epstein disclosed his expert a mere two 
months after Edwards' expert's report was disclosed. 
EFTA00808424
--- PAGE 5 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintfff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jay Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel fora., E. It". 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel forM., E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808425

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808426.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, M., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO. 09-34791-RBR 
CHAPTER 11 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S REPLY TO THE INTERVENORS' RESPONSE TO EPSTEIN'S 
MOTION TO TAKE THE INTERVENORS' DEPOSITIONS 
AND TO COMPEL THEIR MENTAL EXAMINATIONS 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") replies to the Intervenors, 
IM and Jane Doe's 
Response (D.E. 6446) to Epstein's Motion to Take the Intervenors' Depositions and to Compel 
their Mental Examinations (Epstein's "Motion") (D.E. 6440), and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
Inexplicably, the Intervenors' counsel insists on making the Intervenors relive (and attempt 
to re-litigate) their settled sexual abuse claims against Jeffrey Epstein. Although the Intervenors' 
counsel vitriolically claims that Epstein is traumatizing the Intervenors by seeking reasonable 
discovery in defense of their "significant emotional distress" claim, the reality is that the 
Intervenors' counsel is inventing their "significant emotional distress" claim and perpetuating the 
"victims" label and "sexual abuse" mantra.' To be clear, these proceedings are not about the 
alleged sexual abuse claims settled in 2010 — eight years ago. Indeed, each of the Intervenors' 
claims for damages arising out of alleged sexual abuse were resolved in July 2010, and each of 
the Intervenors executed a full release in favor of Epstein. Any attempt to relitigate the settled 
'In the Response, the Intervenors' counsel uses the improper label "victims" 51 times to 
describe the Intervenors and "sexual abuse" or "sexual assault" 10 times. 
EFTA00808426
--- PAGE 2 ---
claims or attempt to evoke "me-too" sympathy (or media attention) for the Intervenors is 
immaterial to the narrow issue now before the Court. Those issues were long ago settled. 
Rather, the narrow issue before this Court is whether Epstein or his former law firm (Fowler 
White) should be held in contempt and required to pay damages for allegedly violating this Court's 
November 2010 Agreed Order relating to documents on a disc, not sexual abuse claims. Simply, 
the Intervenors seek money damages for significant emotional distress because a disc sat in a box 
in Fowler White's files for eight years. Because the Intervenors appear to have failed to present 
this Court with requisite proof of their damages, this Court can either deny their claims or allow 
Epstein the requested discovery to defend himself at the upcoming show cause hearing. 
Furthermore, it is blatantly inaccurate to suggest that Epstein is attempting to harass the 
Intervenors by his reasonable request to obtain discovery in defense of a claim for "significant 
emotional distress" damages. To the contrary, Epstein has established that the Intervenors—
admittedly through their counsel thus far—have placed their respective mental states in 
controversy by seeking damages for significant emotional distress as set forth in their Summary 
of Damages. (D.E. 6432.) 
The Intervenors also mistakenly and repeatedly refer to the documents on the disc as 
"confidential materials." The disc contains more than 27,000 pages of e-mails, thousands of which 
have been produced to Epstein and only 47 e-mails which Epstein identified as trial exhibits that 
Edwards claim are privileged. Indisputably, no court has deemed the documents on the disc or the 
e-mails to be attorney-client privileged, or even addressed to or from the Intervenors. Rather, 
that very issue has been extensively briefed in the State Court Action and Epstein has argued that 
the 47 e-mails are not privileged, any work-product protection has been waived or applicable 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL & APPS 
1555 Pairn Beach Lake Blot. Suf. 930 -1Vest PS Beach. FL 33401 - 
- 
EFTA00808427
--- PAGE 3 ---
exceptions require disclosure to the state court jury in December. The Honorable Donald J. Hafele 
in the State Court Action will make those determinations. 
Finally, it is illogical and absurd for the Intervenors to premise their claim of "significant 
emotional distress" on how Epstein will testify at his upcoming deposition. The Intervenors are 
either damaged or not; they do not need Epstein's deposition to quantify or enhance their 
description of significant emotional distress damages. 
Epstein reincorporates the arguments set forth in his Motion (D.E. 6440) and requests that 
his Motion be granted. 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
The Intervenors' Summary of Damages is Woefully Inadequate Compelling 
Either Outright Denial of their Claims or Requiring Discovery to Defend Against 
their Claims of "Significant Emotional Distress" 
The Intervenors' conclusory statements that they suffered damage causally linked to an 
alleged violation of this Court's November 2010 Agreed Order do not remotely satisfy their burden 
of proof. In fact, the conclusory statements provide a basis for this Court to summarily deny the 
Intervenors' claims, particularly after this Court provided them with ample opportunity to support 
them with the ordered Summary of Damages. Instead of providing a factual basis and support for 
their claims, the Intervenors' Summary of Damages conclude that, "Epstein and his counsel have 
caused significant emotional distress to [them]...creating fear about how he might use these 
documents and to whom he might distribute these documents." (D.E. 6432.) This is an incredible 
statement given that the Intervenors have never viewed the disc that slept untouched in a box in 
Fowler White's office for eight years and then was sealed after its discovery in February 2018 in 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL It APPS 
155$ Paim Beach Lake Mod.. Sure 930 - West PS Beach. FL 33401 -Td.:
WSW 
EFTA00808428
--- PAGE 4 ---
the State Court Action. Rather, the Intervenors have failed to prove their claim that their significant 
emotional distress is caused by Epstein's counsel's (past) retention of a disc in a box. 
B. 
The Intervenors' Claims of Sexual Abuse Against Epstein Were Resolved in 2010 
and Each Executed a Full Release. 
Likely in an effort to divert attention from their inadequate presentation of alleged 
damages, in Parts B and C of their Response (D.E. 6446), the Intervenors argue that they should 
neither have to sit for deposition, nor undergo independent mental examinations, because they 
previously alleged that Epstein sexually abused them. This reveals a disconnect with their settled 
sexual abuse allegations and their current allegations of significant emotional distress due to a disc. 
Their past allegations of sexual abuse are irrelevant to the issues now before the Court. Each of 
the Intervenors' claims of sexual abuse against Epstein were resolved in July 2010, and each of 
the Intervenors executed a full release in favor of Epstein. Thus, their claims of damages arising 
out of alleged sexual abuse, however disputed they were, are long-resolved and not at issue here. 
The damages-related issue here and now is solely what significant emotional distress they have 
suffered due to a disc sitting in a box in Fowler White's files for eight years. 
"[T]he requirements of due process in a civil contempt proceeding are flexible, varying 
with the circumstances of each case." Mercer v. Mitchell, 908 F.2d 763, 769 n.11 (11th Cir. 1990). 
The Intervenors' damages claims are fraught with material factual issues which support allowing 
the pre-hearing discovery requested. The Intervenors criticize Epstein for "fail[ing] to explain 
why deposing" them is necessary. (D.E. 6446, at 5.) Epstein, however, has clearly explained his 
reasonable discovery and need based on the "significant" claim presented. The requested 
depositions (in addition to mental examinations) will elucidate what portion of the Intervenors' 
claimed emotional distress damages is attributable to a disc of e-mails sitting in a box for eight 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL & APPELLATE LAW 
1555 Palm Beach Lake: Blvd . Sure 930 - West Pahl Beach. FL 33401 - Tel: 
waw 
EFTA00808429
--- PAGE 5 ---
years versus their other life events and choices, including incarceration, employment at strip clubs, 
and drugs as evidenced by the Intervenors' criminal history. (See D.E. 6440, Ex. A.) 
Additionally, Epstein is entitled to depositions in advance of an evidentiary hearing with 
testimony. Otherwise, Epstein is unfairly undertaking analysis for the first time while hearing their 
answers, and cross-examining the Intervenors, at the final evidentiary hearing. The request for 
advance depositions is not so unique or extraordinary when a party is faced with a claim of 
damages or sanctions. Other bankruptcy courts have permitted depositions on the topic of 
emotional distress in civil contempt proceedings. See In re Rivera Torres, 309 B.R. 643, 651 
(B.A.P. 1st Cir. 2004), mild on other grounds, 432 F.3d 20 (1st Cir. 2005). 
The Intervenors argue that they "will either be able to carry their burden" of establishing 
entitlement to significant emotional distress damages "or not," and "[t]heir deposition will not add 
anything of importance to that inquiry." (D.E. 6446, at 5.) Epstein agrees that to date the 
Intervenors have failed to carry their burden. However, to defend against a monetary claim for 
significant emotional distress, a party is entitled to discover the facts and information that form the 
basis of the claim, including the nature, extent and quantum of emotional distress connected to an 
alleged violation of the November 2010 Agreed Order before that information is presented at an 
evidentiary hearing. Epstein has no intent of re-litigating their past claims against him. Rather, 
he seeks and is entitled to learn the claims' factual basis in advance, such as to avoid "ambush" at 
the evidentiary show cause hearing set for October 26, 2018. 
C. 
The Intervenors Have Placed their Mental States "in Controversy" Providing the 
"Good Cause" for a Rule 35 Examination. 
The Intervenors have placed their own mental states in controversy—not Epstein. The 
Intervenors' statement that, "it was Epstein and his attorneys who created the very issues that are 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL It APPS 
1555 Pain Beach Lake•. BA"! Sute 930- West PS Beach. FL 33401 -Td. 
-WAR 
EFTA00808430
--- PAGE 6 ---
now before the Court" is self-evidently absurd. (D.E. 6446, at 5.) It is the Intervenors who are 
participating in prosecuting this civil contempt proceeding and seeking damages for significant 
emotional distress. 
Under the applicable law, the Intervenors' own Summary of Damages establishes only that 
they have placed their mental states in controversy. See D.E. 6432; see also, e.g., Reaves v. Wayne 
Automatic Fire Sprinklers, Inc., No. 2:11-cv-00049-CEH-SPC, 2011 WL 4837253 (M. Fla. Oct. 
12, 2011). As such, Rule 35 entitles Epstein to the Intervenors' independent mental examinations. 
The Intervenors suggest that Rule 35 does not apply, but Epstein previously showed why this is 
incorrect. See Epstein's Motion, D.E. 6440 at n.4. See also Fed. R. Bankr. Proc. 7035; see also 
generally In re Dillon, 194 B.R. 533 (Bankr. S.D. Fla. 1996). 
In fact, the Intervenors make no actual or genuine effort to suggest that their mental states 
are not in controversy under Rule 35. Instead, the suggest that the Court should not order their 
independent mental examinations because Epstein is making the request as a "retaliatory measure." 
There is simply no evidence that Epstein is "retaliating" against the Intervenors by requesting their 
independent mental examinations. The Intervenors are claiming that Epstein owes them money 
damages for their emotional distress resulting from the fact that a disc sat in a box in his former 
counsel's office for eight years. An independent mental examination is but a tool that is available 
to any litigant—and will help the Court—to evaluate the merit of these claims in terms of the 
nature and extent of the Intervenors' alleged emotional distress and parsing its various causes. 
This is not a Title VII case, as was the court's concern in Winstead v. Lafayette County Board of 
Commissioners, 315 F.R.D. 612 (N.D. Fla. 2016), and "retaliation" is a non-issue. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL & APPSAll 
1555 Paim Beach Lakes Mod.. Sure 930 - West Pahl Beach. Fl. 33401 - T 
EFTA00808431
--- PAGE 7 ---
Alternatively, the Intervenors advance the cursory argument that because Epstein is 
sufficiently wealthy he can obtain the information by other means. Epstein's ability to obtain 
public information about the Intervenors-of somewhat limited utility by itself-is no substitute 
for his right to make a clear record through (1) the Intervenors' testimony and (2) a licensed 
professional as to how much, and what kind, of their emotional distress is attributable to the alleged 
violation of the November 2010 Agreed Order, as distinct from other life experiences. 
D. 
The Intervenors Were Either Damaged by an Alleged Violation of this Court's 
2010 Order or They Were Not and Epstein's Deposition Has No Bearing 
As this Court has clearly recognized, the issue before it is whether Epstein had knowledge 
or possession of the disc/documents before February 2018. The Court and parties already know 
the answer to that question is "no" and Epstein's deposition is, at best, a mere formality, and at 
worst, blatant harassment in an effort to obtain an advantage or media attention in advance of the 
State Court Action's December trial. On August 14, 2018, Epstein served his show cause hearing 
exhibits on the parties, including the Intervenors, which included Epstein's Declaration attesting 
that he has never seen the disc, has never received a copy of it and only first learned of its existence 
in February 2018. See D.E. 6440, Ex. B. 
As such, Epstein's testimony should not and logically cannot influence the Intervenors' 
claimed damages. Epstein requests this Court to require proof and presentation of damages by the 
Intervenors without viewing or reading Epstein's testimony, nor should counsel be allowed to 
inform them of its contents before the show cause hearing. The Intervenors' argument that they 
are "entitled" to use Epstein's deposition to "prove their case" is nonsensical. The Intervenors told 
this Court they were damaged — past tense. They either were or they were not damaged. The 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL It AP 
1555 Paim Beach Lake•. BAtl.. Suf. 930 - West Pahl Beach. FL 33401 
EFTA00808432
--- PAGE 8 ---
Intervenors should be required to prove their significant emotional distress without drawing from 
Epstein's future deposition testimony. 
and Jane Doe Were Not Parties to this Action and Therefore Not Governed 
by This Court's 2010 Order 
Oddly, M. and Jane Doe have joined •. 
through the same counsel in presenting that 
they too suffered "significant emotional distress" from alleged violation of an Order entered in 
2010 that (I) never applied to them because they were not a party to this Court's action and (2) 
they had no knowledge of before now in 2018. To say this borders on the unconventional argument 
is an understatement. M. and Jane Doe have no standing to claim any damages — let alone 
"significant emotional distress" - from an alleged violation of an Order that never contemplated 
them because they were never before present in this Court in this action. Epstein continues to 
oppose their claim and presents their lack of standing here. 
CONCLUSION 
The Intervenors' Response fails to demonstrate that Epstein is not entitled to take their 
depositions on the subject of their damages, or take their independent mental examinations under 
Rule 35. If the Court does not summarily deny the Intervenors' claims based on their Summary 
of Damages, Epstein respectfully requests that the Court allow him to discover facts and 
information necessary to defend against the "significant emotional distress" damages presented by 
the Intervenors against him. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on September_, 2018, a true and correct copy of the foregoing 
was served electronically to all registered users on the CM/ECF system, which includes counsel 
identified on the service list below. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL It APPELLATE LAW 
' 555 Pain Beach Lake•. Mod.. Sure 930- West PS Beach. FL 33401 - TaL: 
EFTA00808433
--- PAGE 9 ---
RICE PUGATCH ROBINSON STORFER & 
COHEN, PLLC 
101 •. 
Third Avenue, Suite 1800 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
[fax] 
By: Is/
CHAD P. PUGATCH (FBN 220582) 
- AND - 
I hereby certify that I am admitted to the Bar of the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to practice in this 
Court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
ch FL 33401 
; 
[fax] 
By: Is/ 
SCOTT J. LINK (FBN 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL It APPS 
1555 Paim Beach Lake•. Mod.. Sure 930 - West Pahl Beach. FL 33401 -Td.:
-if 
EFTA00808434
--- PAGE 10 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Brittany N. Henderson 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Counsel for Farmer Ja,ffe, Weissing, Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, a 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of 
Utah 
383 S. University Street 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
casse11p08aw.utah.edu 
Peter E. Shapiro 
Shapiro Law 
8551 West Sunrise Boulevard, Suite 3000 
Plantation, FL 33322 
Counsel for 
, 
and Jane Doe 
Counsel for 
M
.
,
M
and Jane Doe 
Niall T. McLachlan 
Carlton Fields Jorden Burt, 
100 S.E. Second Street, Suite 4200 
Miami, FL 33131 
Isaac M. Marcushamer 
Berger Singerman LLP 
1450 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1900 
Miami, FL 33131 
Counsel for Fowler White Burnett,.. 
Counsel for Liquidating Trustee 
209157502 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL It APPELLATE LAW 
1555 Paim Beath Lakes Blvd.. Sure 930 - West Pahl Beach. FL 33401 
EFTA00808435

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808436.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF FLORIDA 
THIRD DISTRICT 
DCA CASE NO.: 3D18-1997 
L.T. CASE NO.: 2014-021348 CA 01 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Appellant/Defendant, 
vs. 
JEAN-LUC BRUNEL, individually, 
and MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC, 
Appellees/Plaintiffs. 
REPLY BRIEF OF APPELLANT 
On Appeal from a Non-Final Order of the Circuit Court of the Eleventh Judicial 
Circuit in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
Counsel for Appellant 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm 
401 
Tel.: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Email: 
EFTA00808436
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
PREFACE 
INTRODUCTION 
ARGUMENT 
CONCLUSION 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE 
ii 
EFTA00808437
--- PAGE 3 ---
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
Cases 
Statutes and Other Authorities 
iii 
EFTA00808438
--- PAGE 4 ---
PREFACE 
Appellant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, was the Defendant below and will be 
referred to in this brief as "Epstein." 
Appellees, JEAN-LUC BRUNEL, 
individually, and MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC, were the Plaintiffs 
below and will be referred to in this brief as "Plaintiffs" or by name. 
The appendix filed with Epstein's initial brief will be cited as (App.il. "IB" 
refers to Epstein's initial brief. "AB" refers to Plaintiffs' answer brief. Short-form 
citations are used for cases cited in the initial brief. 
iv 
EFTA00808439
--- PAGE 5 ---
INTRODUCTION 
Plaintiffs concede that Epstein "is not the owner of a sole proprietorship." 
(AB. 11.) Because of this admission, Plaintiffs' attempt to serve Epstein under 
section 48.031(2)(b), Florida Statutes was void as a matter of law. On this admission 
alone, which is tantamount to a confession of error, the lower court's order asserting 
personal jurisdiction over Epstein must be reversed. 
In addition, the failure by Plaintiffs' process server to note the date and hour 
of service and include the process server's identification on the service papers 
rendered service invalid as a matter of law. In seeking to excuse this incurable 
violation, Plaintiffs ask this Court to rewrite the legion of longstanding case law 
requiring "strict construction" and imposing on Plaintiffs the burden of proving 
"strict compliance" with the service of process statutes. The statute's requirements 
are crystal clear and Plaintiffs could not and did not satisfy their burden at the 
hearing. Instead, at the appellate stage, they improperly seek to inject a legally 
indefensible argument that, while the "proof' of service they filed does not establish 
their strict compliance, it does not rule out the "possibility" that service might have 
been proper. However, there is simply no legal support for the proposition that one 
may satisfy his burden of strict construction and strict compliance with section 
48.031, Florida Statutes by "proof' of service that "does not definitively rule out" 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIALelAP- 
=LAW 
1655 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd.. Sur 930 - West Par Beach. FL 33401 
- Fax: 
- wmv 
EFTA00808440
--- PAGE 6 ---
statutory compliance or that "does not definitively reflect" that the service was not 
in statutory compliance. 
This Court must likewise reject Plaintiffs' nonsensical argument that they 
should not be saddled with the burden of proving compliance with section 
48.O31(1)(a), Florida Statutes, where that section does not "expressly require" an 
affidavit of service reciting such compliance. Specifically, Plaintiffs ask this Court 
to ignore the express requirement in connection with substitute service under section 
48.O31(1)(a) that the process server inform the recipient of the contents of the 
process served because there is no requirement in section 48.O31(1)(a) for an 
affidavit of service stating that the recipient be so informed. Plaintiffs' attempt to 
establish new legal standards for section 48.031, Florida Statutes ignores express, 
compulsory statutory language and long-standing Florida Supreme Court precedent 
and must be rejected. 
Equally unavailing is Plaintiffs' unpreserved request for a second chance to 
submit evidence. The time for the submission of any such evidence has long since 
come and gone. Moreover, no submission of evidence by Plaintiffs can cure 
Plaintiffs' admittedly defective service attempt under section 48.O31(2)(b), Florida 
Statutes. 
Accordingly, Plaintiffs' admittedly defective substitute service of process 
mandates reversal of the trial court order asserting jurisdiction over Epstein. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL 
Al- 
=LAW 
1655 Par Beach Lakes Blvd.. Silk 930 - West Par Beach. FL 33401 T. 
- Fax: 
EFTA00808441
--- PAGE 7 ---
ARGUMENT 
Plaintiffs completely ignored Epstein's citation to binding case law from this 
Court that required Plaintiffs to strictly comply with section 48.031, Florida Statutes, 
as well as the Florida Supreme Court precedent requiring Plaintiffs to bear the 
burden to prove proper service. See Robles-Martinez v. Diaz, Reus & Targ, LLP, 88 
So. 3d 177 (Fla. 3d DCA 2011); Koster v. Sullivan, 160 So. 3d 385, 388 (Fla. 2015). 
I. 
Plaintiffs Have De Facto Confessed That They Utilized the Wrong 
Substitute Service of Process Statute 
Buried near the end of Plaintiffs' Answer Brief, Plaintiffs make the fatal 
admission that Epstein "is not the owner of a sole proprietorship." (AB. 11.) 
Plaintiffs explain that they used the "sole proprietorship" statute because they 
believe Epstein is "de facto avoiding proper service of process by his self-imposed 
lifestyle" of traveling by private jet. (AB. 11.) However, the purported ownership 
of an airplane does not justify service under section 48.O31(2)(b), which by its terms 
is only applicable when serving an individual doing business as a sole proprietorship. 
There is no special "self-imposed lifestyle" exception under section 48.O31(2)(b), 
and Plaintiffs' concession that they attempted service under this statutory provision 
despite its admitted inapplicability mandates reversal of the lower court's ruling. 
Moreover, if Plaintiffs believed that Epstein's self-imposed lifestyle effectively 
concealed his whereabouts, there are other substitute service statutes that specifically 
address the conditions to be satisfied for serving nonresidents and those with 
1655 Palm Beech Lakes Blvd.. S 
LINK & ROCK EN BACH, PA 
CIVIL MAL & 
930 - West Pate Beach. FL 33401 it 
Tax. 
EFTA00808442
--- PAGE 8 ---
concealed whereabouts.' Plaintiffs cannot excuse a refusal or inability to seek 
recourse under potentially applicable statutes by resorting to one which is admittedly 
inapplicable. 
Because the substitute service statutes are in derogation of common law, strict 
construction and compliance with the service statutes is long-steeped in 
jurisprudential due process. Demir v. Schollmeier, No. 3D17-2578, 2018 WL 
6186233, at *2 (Fla. 3d DCA Nov. 28, 2018) ("It is well-settled: `Where substitute 
service of process is used, strict compliance with the statutes governing this form of 
service is essential to obtaining valid personal jurisdiction over the defendant(s).'") 
(citation omitted); Standley v. Arnow, 13 Fla. 361, 365-66 (1869) ("The doctrine 
that no person shall be deprived of property unless by due process of law, reiterated 
in all American constitutions, gives every person the right to demand that the law 
shall be strictly complied with in all proceedings which may affect his title to his 
property."). 
Plaintiffs unequivocally conceded that Epstein is not the owner of a sole 
proprietorship and therefore, the substitute service of process attempted under 
section 48.031(2)(b), Florida Statutes is void as a matter of law. See generally 
Demir, 2018 WL 6186233, at *2; Stettner v. Richardson, 143 So. 3d 987 (Fla. 3d 
'For example, section 48.161, Florida Statutes governs substituted service of process 
on a nonresident or a person who conceals his whereabouts by serving the public 
officer designated by law. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL &AP- 
=LAW 
1655 Par Beach Lakes Blvd.. Sur 930 - West Par Beach. FL 33401 
- Fax: 
EFTA00808443
--- PAGE 9 ---
DCA 2014) (judgment is void due to defective service because substitute service of 
process must be strictly complied with and provisions strictly construed). Because 
Plaintiffs now admit that they did not strictly comply with the substitute service 
provisions under section 48.O31(2)(b), Florida Statutes, and consequently the 
substitute service attempt was void as a matter of law, due process requires this 
Court's reversal of the order asserting personal jurisdiction over Epstein based on 
that defective substitute service attempt. 
II. 
Plaintiffs' Untimely Request for an Evidentiary Hearing to Comply 
with an Inapplicable Statute is Unpreserved, Unpersuasive, and Must 
be Rejected 
Plaintiffs ask this Court for remand and an evidentiary hearing that they never 
requested below in an effort to cure fatal defects in their "proof" of service. (AB. 7-
10.) It is an axiomatic appellate tenet that failure to request relief below precludes 
an appellate court from granting the same. Dober v. Worrell, 401 So. 2d 1322, 1323 
(Fla. 1981) (in many areas of the law, the Florida Supreme Court has "held it 
inappropriate to raise an issue for the first time on appeal"). Plaintiffs' untimely 
request for the evidentiary hearing on appeal cannot and will not cure their failure to 
request the evidentiary hearing below, as a result of which they forfeited any claim 
for such relief. See Ascontec Consulting, Inc. v. Young, 714 So.2d 585, 587 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 1998) (request for new evidentiary hearing "not preserved for appellate review 
because [party] did not present this request in the first instance to the trial court."). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL I filAL 
=LAW 
1655 Par Beach Lakes BlVd.. Silk 930- Met Par Beach. FL 33401 
T 
- Fax: 
-waw
EFTA00808444
--- PAGE 10 ---
From the date that Plaintiffs filed the Amended Complaint which first 
identified Epstein as a defendant, Plaintiffs had over two years, including a four-
month extension of time from the trial court, to properly effect service of process. 
Plaintiffs made a solitary deficient service attempt during the four-month extension 
granted by the trial court, which they never sought to correct despite having timely 
notice of the deficient service. In the nearly two years that followed their deficient 
service attempt, Plaintiffs filed and briefed two motions with the trial court but never 
once sought an evidentiary hearing or raised the issues they now improperly seek to 
inject on appeal. Moreover, even were there to be an evidentiary hearing on those 
issues, no evidence that they could proffer could do anything to cure what Plaintiffs 
now admit was defective service under section 48.031(2)(b). An evidentiary hearing 
would therefore be an exercise in futility and a needless waste of judicial resources, 
and should be denied. 
III. Plaintiffs' Process Server's Return of Service was Invalid for Failure 
to Place the Date and Hour of Service with the Process Server's 
Identification Number and Initials on the Summons and Complaint 
and Orally Inform of the Contents 
Significantly, the Florida Supreme Court, melding the requirements of 
substitute service of process generally (section 48.031(1)(a)) with the return of 
execution of process statute (section 48.21), recognized that the Florida Legislature 
identified four factual recitations that must be included in each and every return of 
process without exception: (1) the date and time that the pleading comes to hand or 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL 
Al- 
=LAW 
1655 Par Beach Lakes MA.. 91.190 930 West Par Beach. FL 33401 T. 
- Fax: 
EFTA00808445
--- PAGE 11 ---
is received by the process server, (2) the date and time that process is served, (3) the 
manner of service, and (4) the name of the person served and, if the person is served 
in a representative capacity, the position occupied by the person. See Koster v. 
Sullivan, 160 So. 3d 385, 389 (Fla. 2015). So important are these recitations that 
their requirement is repeated in the subsection of the service of process statute on 
review in this appeal, subsection (5) of 48.031: 
A person serving process shall place, on the first page of 
at least one of the processes served, the date and time of 
service and his or her identification number and initials for 
all service of process. The person serving process shall list 
on the return-of-service form all initial pleadings delivered 
and served along with the process. The person requesting 
service or the person authorized to serve the process shall 
file the return-of-service form with the court. 
Section 48.031(5), Fla. Stat. (2018). The general "return of execution of process" 
statute requires the process server to "note on a return-of-service form attached 
thereto, the date and time when it comes to hand, the date and time when it is served, 
the manner of service, the name of the person on whom it was served...." 
Section 48.21(1), Fla. Stat. (2018). "[F]ailure to state the facts or to include the 
signature required by subsection (1) invalidates the service...." Section 48.21(2), 
Fla. Stat. (2018). Finally, Florida Rule of Civil Procedure mandates that the "date 
and hour of service shall be endorsed on the original process and all copies of it by 
the person making the service." See Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.070(e). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL 
AP- 
=LAW 
1655 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd.. Sur 930- West Par Beach. FL 33401 
Tt- 
- Fax: 
- wmv 
EFTA00808446
--- PAGE 12 ---
The record is clear and it is indisputable that Plaintiffs' process server failed 
to comply with these absolute requirements. Mr. Richardson failed to place the date 
and time of service and his identification number and initials on the first page of 
either the Summons or the Amended Complaint. (App. F, pp. 52-54.) The 
"SERVICE" box on the Civil Action Summons is blank. Id. Compliance with this 
component of section 48.031(5) is critical when attempting to effect substitute 
service, and its absence renders service defective on its face as a matter of law, 
requiring reversal. Brown v. U.S. Bank Nat'l Ass 'n, 117 So. 3d 823 (Fla. 4th DCA 
2013); Walker v. Fifth Third Mortg. Co., 100 So. 3d 267 (Fla. 5th DCA 2012); Nirk 
v. Bank of Am., 94 So. 3d 658 (Fla. 4th DCA 2012). 
Further, Plaintiffs failed to comply with the requirement of "informing the 
person of their contents" as required by section 48.031(1)(a), Florida Statutes. 
Plaintiffs' argument on this point is apparently that they are not required to satisfy 
their burden of proof with regard to this express requirement under section 
48.031(1)(a) because that provision does not specify that compliance with this 
requirement be recited in an affidavit of service. 
Not only does Plaintiffs' 
nonsensical argument lack citation to any case law in support of it, but it ignores 
binding precedent imposing on Plaintiffs the burden of proving strict compliance 
with the service of process statute, including precedent requiring that a process 
server inform the recipient of the contents of the process served. See Hauser v. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL 
- 
1655 Par Beach Lakes Blvd_ Silk 930 - West Par Beach. FL 33401 
Ti 
EFTA00808447
--- PAGE 13 ---
Schiff, 341 So. 2d 531, 532 (Fla. 3d DCA 1977) (defective substitute service of 
process with "a conclusive showing that the process server failed to inform the 
secretary as to the contents of the papers"); Vidal v. Sun Trust Bank, 41 So. 3d 401, 
403 (Fla. 4th DCA 2010) (when a defendant is not personally served, "the statute 
requires that the process server orally inform the person who receives service of the 
contents of the complaint. These requirements ensure that notice is conveyed to the 
defendant."); see also Barwick v. Rouse, 43 So. 753, 753 (Fla. 1907) ("[W]hen 
another than the defendant himself is served, the law is not satisfied by merely 
delivering a true copy of the writ. It is further required that such other person be 
informed of the contents thereof."). 
There is simply nothing in the record of this case to establish that the process 
server, Mr. Richards, informed Ms. Brenna of the contents of the process he 
attempted to deliver. Neither Mr. Richards' affidavit, nor that of his affiliate, Mr. 
Corasmin, include a single averment that either of them informed Ms. Brenna of the 
papers' contents. (App. F, p. 52; App. G, pp. 92-94.). It was Plaintiffs' burden to 
establish compliance with this express requirement of section 48.031(1)(b), Florida 
Statutes, and Plaintiffs failed to do so, rendering Plaintiffs' service defective. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL 
- 
1655 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd .Suie 930 - Wet Par Beath. FL 33401 Ti 
EFTA00808448
--- PAGE 14 ---
IV. 
Plaintiffs' Process Server's Return of Service Fails to Strictly Comply 
with the Clear Statutory Requirement of Two Prior Attempts to Serve 
the Owner at the Place of Business 
Assuming this Court can somehow look past the long list of defects in 
Plaintiffs' proof of service to reach an evaluation of whether Plaintiffs carried their 
burden to prove strict compliance with the procedural requirements of section 
48.031(2)(b), Florida Statutes, the Court cannot avoid the inescapable conclusion 
that Plaintiffs' attempted service suffers from a fundamental incurable procedural 
defect. Plaintiffs concede that the statute requires two prior attempts to serve the 
owner at the place of business. (AB. 8.) However, Plaintiffs failed to do so and made 
no showing that they did at the lower court. Plaintiffs oddly attempt to shoehorn 
their one and only failed service attempt at this address with a vague reference in the 
process server's affidavit to there having been an attempt to serve "Epstein's place 
of business in the Virgin Islands." Id. Although there is simply nothing in this 
reference to establish that two specific prior attempts were made to serve Epstein at 
that address, Plaintiffs claim this statement in the affidavit "does not definitively rule 
out the possibility that two prior attempts were made...." Plaintiffs cite no case law 
to support the flagrant disregard for their burden to prove strict compliance with the 
statute's clear requirement of two prior attempts and their failure to produce even 
minimal evidence in this regard. The Florida Supreme Court's decision in Koster, 
specifying that each return of service expressly include a description of the manner 
I() 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIALelAP- 
=LAW 
1655 Par Beach Lakes Blvd.. Sur 930 - West Par Beach. FL 33401 
- Fax: 
-wpm 
EFTA00808449
--- PAGE 15 ---
of service, requires nothing less than sufficient detail to establish that Plaintiffs 
satisfied the procedural service requirements of two prior service attempts under 
section 48.031(2)(b), Florida Statutes. Id. 
Instead, Plaintiffs belatedly ask for an evidentiary hearing to "clear up any 
issues as to the number of attempts to serve Epstein himself at his place of business," 
citing Linville v. Home Say. of America, FSB, 629 So. 2d 295 (Fla. 4th DCA 1993). 
First, this request is itself a concession that Plaintiffs failed to establish proof of the 
requisite two prior service attempts in the lower court, and on that basis alone, their 
attempted service under section 48.031(2)(b) is defective and must be rejected. 
Second, Plaintiffs failed to submit the necessary proof of strict compliance at the 
hearing. Plaintiffs' untimely request for an evidentiary hearing for "clearing 
anything up" is unpreserved and for that reason must be rejected as well. See Issue 
II, infra. Third, Plaintiffs' reliance on Linville is entirely misplaced. Linville 
involved the denial of a motion to quash service of process and the denial of the 
improperly-served individual's request for an evidentiary hearing. Id. at 296. The 
appellate court concluded that the unrebutted allegations in the motion to quash 
service of process would have established the failure to effect valid service of 
process and would have entitled appellant to an evidentiary hearing on her motion 
to quash service of process. Id. Unlike the defendant in Linville whose unrebutted 
allegations provided a basis for a motion to quash and a reason for an evidentiary 
LINK & ROCKEN BACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIALelAP- 
=LAW 
1655 Par Beach Lakes Blvd.. Sur 930 - West Par Beach. FL 33401 
- Fax: 
- wave 
EFTA00808450
--- PAGE 16 ---
hearing that was requested of and denied by the lower court, Plaintiffs in this case 
have failed to show this Court — by paper or transcript — any evidence of alleged 
compliance that would have supported substitute service under section 48.031(2)(b), 
Florida Statutes or any preserved request for an evidentiary hearing to "clear up" 
their process server's insufficient affidavit. Linville is inapposite and provides no 
support for Plaintiffs' spurious request. 
In sum, the unrebutted record evidence compels reversal because Plaintiffs 
failed to strictly comply with the "two prior attempts" required under section 
48.031(2)(b), Florida Statutes. Epstein has a fundamental right, as a matter of 
constitutional due process, to demand strict construction of and strict compliance 
with the procedural requirements of this statute, and this glaring procedural 
deficiency compels reversal of the trial court's decision. 
V. 
Plaintiffs' Process Server's Return of Service Fails to Strictly Comply 
with the Clear Statutory Requirement of Serving at Defendant's Place 
of Business on a "Person in Charge of the Business at the Time of 
Service" 
Similarly, due process requires rejection of Plaintiffs' service based on their 
failure to comply with the statutory requirement that service be made on a "person 
in charge of the business at the time of service." Section 48.031(2)(b), Florida 
Statutes. Citing no case law, Plaintiffs ask this Court to accept that the process 
server's unexplained notation that he served a person he unilaterally designated as 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL 
AP- 
=LAW 
1655 Par Beach Lakes Blvd.. Sur 930- West Par Beach. FL 33401 T. 
- Fax: 
- wave 
EFTA00808451
--- PAGE 17 ---
"office manage?' is a valid substitute for confirming that the person served is, in 
fact, in charge of the business at the time of service. (AB. 9.) 
Plaintiffs' record evidence failed to establish that Ms. Brenna was "the person 
in charge of the business" as required by the plain language of section 48.031(2)(b). 
Both Mr. Richardson's and Mr. Corasmin's affidavits refer to her as an "office 
supervisor." (App. F, p. 52; App. G, pp. 92-94.) However, the affiants never attest 
the basis for this conclusory title (i.e., a business card indicating such title or 
authority, or even a verbal assertion identifying herself as being an "office 
supervisor"). 
Further, these affidavits fatally do not even indicate which alleged business 
entity Ms. Brenna supposedly "supervised," or whether that title actually made her 
the person in charge of the business at the time of service. Id. Moreover, because 
Mr. Richardson's affidavit was crafted simply listing the "place served" as Southern 
Trust Company, Inc., does not mean Ms. Brenna was a "supervisor" of that 
company, or any company of which Epstein was a sole proprietor. (App. F, p. 52.) 
In fact, Plaintiffs concede that Epstein "is not the owner of a sole proprietorship." 
(AB. 11.) Clearly, the return of service provided by Plaintiffs establishes that 
Plaintiffs' process server made no attempt to strictly comply with yet another of the 
express requirements of section 48.031(2)(b), and this failure serves as yet an 
additional basis for reversal. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL 
AP- 
=LAW 
1655 Par Beach Lakes Blvd.. Silk 930 - West Par Beach. FL 33401 
Tt- 
- Fax: 
EFTA00808452
--- PAGE 18 ---
CONCLUSION 
Reversal is required because both parties agree that Epstein does not meet the 
classification of a person doing business as a sole proprietor as required by section 
48.031(2)(b), Florida Statutes. Further, Plaintiffs failed to comply with section 
48.031(2)(b)'s strict statutory requirements for substitute service of process despite 
the trial court's generous extensions of time to properly effect service on Epstein. 
Based on these undisputed record facts and binding authority from this Court, 
Appellant, Jeffrey Epstein, respectfully requests the Court to reverse the September 
17, 2018 Order and remand for dismissal by the trial court for Plaintiffs' failure to 
comply with the order requiring an automatic, self-executing dismissal if service was 
not properly effected within the time extended. See App. E ("shall be dismissed 
without prejudice. No further order of this Court shall be necessary."). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIALelAP- 
=LAW 
1655 Palm Beach Lakes MA.. 91.190 930- West Par Beach. FL 33401 
- Fax: 
- wmv 
EFTA00808453
--- PAGE 19 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of this Reply Brief was 
served on this 
day of December, 2018 by electronic mail to: Joe Titone, Esq., 
621 S.E. 5th Street, Pompano Beach, FL 33060 (Joetitone708@comcast.net). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
Counsel for Appellant 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
telephone 
facsimile 
PE: 
PE: 
2E: 
2E: 
By: /s/ 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 0044903) 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
CERTIFICATE OF FONT COMPLIANCE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that this Initial Brief is prepared in Times New Roman 
I4-point font. 
By: /s/
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 0044903) 
I5 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
CIVIL TRIAL &AP- . 
1655 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd.. Suit 930 - West Par Beads. FL 33401 T. 
Fix 
-www 
EFTA00808454

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808455.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
Appellate Case No. 4D18-0787 
LT Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB AG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner/Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Respondents/Defendants.1
REPLY TO RESPONSE TO PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI 
On Review of a Non-Final Order of the Circuit Court of the 
Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esq. 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Rachel J. Glasser, Esq. 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
Appellate Counsel for Petitioner 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
'As set forth in Epstein's Petition, non-parties 
E.W. and Jane Doe have sought 
to intervene below on a limited and unrelated issue. As such, they are not parties in 
this certiorari proceeding, and Edwards has improperly captioned them as such on his 
Response. 
EFTA00808455
--- PAGE 2 ---
INTRODUCTION 
Disappointingly, Bradley Edwards ("Edwards") has used his Response to 
Jeffrey Epstein's ("Epstein") meritorious and well-grounded Petition as yet another 
vehicle for false and misleading ad hominem attacks against Epstein. Edwards' 
inaccurate and misleading factual and procedural recitation is typical of the smoke-
and-mirrors strategy he steadfastly has adhered to throughout the course of this 
litigation to justify a malicious prosecution counterclaim against Epstein for which 
Edwards has no factual or legal support. In fact, Edwards' counterclaim is 
thoroughly disproved by direct documentary evidence of Edwards' own 
misconduct and credibility that Epstein is currently asking the trial court to review 
for presentation to the jury when this case is tried.2 Edwards' repeated efforts to 
=Just one of numerous examples of Edwards' transparent strategy to misdirect this 
Court is his touting of his alleged "10 years long pro bono effort to prosecute [an 
unrelated] federal action in which the only relief sought is to set aside Epstein's 
secretly negotiated plea deal so that Epstein's victims can have a voice in the 
disposition of federal criminal charges against him." (Response, at pp. 1-2). The 
action to which Edwards refers is a federal action filed by Edwards on behalf of two 
clients against the federal government under the Crime Victim's Rights Act (the 
"CVRA Action"). Edwards well knows that by the time Epstein commenced his 
claim against Edwards in December 2009, Edwards was not pursuing his efforts in the 
CVRA Action. Specifically, in August 2008, Edwards informed the federal court that, 
"Because of the legal consequences of invalidating the current agreement, it is likely 
not in my clients' best interest to ask for the relief that we initially asked for." (8/4/08 
Tr. 4-5.) Edwards reaffirmed this position in filing his three clients' complaints in 
August and September 2008 when he expressly invoked the provisions of that same 
non-prosecution agreement to support Edwards' false allegations that Epstein was 
estopped by that agreement to deny liability to his three clients. Edwards' clients 
settled their claims with Epstein in July 2010. Edwards took no further steps in the 
EFTA00808456
--- PAGE 3 ---
dredge up and sensationalize Epstein's criminal pasta—which has not one iota of 
relevance to the issues in this appeal—should not deter this Court from finding that 
the trial court's severance of Edwards' counterclaim was a clear departure from the 
essential requirements of law and will cause irreparable injury. 
The only two relevant issues in this consolidated appeal are the two that 
Edwards seeks to obfuscate with his vitriolic narrative about Mr. Epstein's past: (1) 
that this case was not at issue when Edwards noticed it, and the trial court 
improperly set it for trial (which is the subject of the consolidated mandamus 
proceeding that has been separately briefed); and (2) that Edwards' malicious 
prosecution counterclaim against Epstein is inextricably and undisputedly factually 
intertwined with, and cannot be severed from, Epstein's damages claim against 
Edwards' former law partner, convicted Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein, which is 
the only proper subject for briefing on this certiorari petition. 
As is undeniably true about the law on the Rule 1.440 issue, the law on the 
severance issue is clear and unassailable. Ordering the bifurcation of factually 
inextricably interwoven claims—like Epstein's claim and Edwards' counterclaim 
in this case—warrants certiorari relief See, e.g., Marls Distrib. Co., 710 So. 2d at 
CVRA Action for almost two years, and on September 8, 2010, the CVRA court 
closed the case for inactivity. While Edwards informed the CVRA court in October 
27, 2010, that the case should not be closed, it was not until March 2011 that his 
clients reinitiated efforts to invalidate Epstein's non-prosecution agreement by 
moving for summary judgment. 
3See Response at pp. 1-3, 5. 
EFTA00808457
--- PAGE 4 ---
1024 (quashing order severing breach of contract cause of action from other counts 
which arose in the context of the contract, as facts underlying all counts were 
interrelated); accord Fortin, 178 So. 3d at 439.4
REPLY STATEMENT OF THE CASE AND FACTS 
Edwards Did Not Wait for a Favorable Disposition of Epstein's Claims Against 
Him Before Filing His Malicious Prosecution Counterclaim 
Epstein's claim against Rothstein (originally filed as a claim against both 
Rothstein and Edwards) in connection with the use of Epstein case materials, 
which were improperly utilized to lure investors into the Rothstein Ponzi scheme is 
clearly and irrefutably related to Edwards' counterclaim against Epstein for filing 
that original claim. Yet, to mislead this Court into believing the original claim and 
resulting counterclaim are somehow unrelated, Edwards again misrepresents the 
timing of his first malicious prosecution allegations and counterclaim against 
Epstein.5 Edwards continues to inaccurately assert that he alleged a count for 
malicious prosecution only after Epstein had dismissed his claim against Edwards 
in this lawsuit. In his Response, after noting Epstein's dismissal, Edwards states: 
"Thus, [Epstein's] only remaining claim is his conspiracy to commit abuse of 
process claim against Rothstein. Edwards then amended his counterclaim, which 
'Short cites will be used for case law cited in the Petition. 
5Edwards made the same misrepresentation—that the claim and counterclaim are 
separate and unrelated—in his mandamus response. 
EFTA00808458
--- PAGE 5 ---
included a malicious prosecution claim against Epstein." (Response, at p. 5) 
(emphasis added). 
The procedural record is clear. Just 17 days after the suit commenced, 
Edwards filed his first counterclaim against Epstein for abuse of process. (App. 
2.) 
The same factual allegations of that abuse of process counterclaim are 
repeated, nearly word for word, in the second cause of action for malicious 
prosecution which Edwards added to his counterclaim by an amendment, filed on 
October 4, 2011. (Supp. App. 21.) Epstein did not dismiss his claim against 
Edwards until August 16, 2012—nearly a year after Edwards had already filed his 
malicious prosecution counterclaim. (App. 9.) Edwards filed his first malicious 
prosecution counterclaim based on the alleged abandonment of separate causes of 
action asserted in Epstein's original complaint, and then Edwards subsequently 
amended his malicious prosecution counterclaim only to add an allegation relating 
to Epstein's dismissal of Edwards without prejudice. Edwards' assertion that he 
waited for Epstein to dismiss his claim against Edwards before Edwards filed his 
malicious prosecution counterclaim against Epstein is not true, plain and simple. 
No matter what he now says to avoid this pivotal record fact, Edwards chose to file 
his counterclaim for malicious prosecution in the same action as Epstein's claim 
against Edwards and Rothstein. Edwards could have filed a separate lawsuit after 
Epstein's claim against him was dismissed, but he did not do so, choosing to take 
EFTA00808459
--- PAGE 6 ---
advantage of the obvious efficiencies and perceived strategic advantages of 
pursuing discovery and motion practice in the same litigation over competing 
claims based on obviously interrelated facts. 
The fact that Epstein ultimately dismissed his claim against Edwards without 
prejudice does not suddenly make Edwards' inextricably intertwined counterclaim 
factually unrelated to the claim-in-chief. Though Epstein chose at that time to 
defer recovery against Edwards by dismissing Edwards from his claim without 
prejudice, the basic facts upon which Epstein sought recovery against both 
Edwards and Rothstein did not change once Epstein limited his recovery efforts to 
Rothstein. In fact, Edwards is the critical link between the Ponzi scheme and the 
damages Epstein sought to recover as a result of the Ponzi scheme, whether they 
are recovered from Edwards or Rothstein. 
It is Edwards' abusive litigation (i.e., deposition notices for President 
Clinton and now President Trump) that generated materials for Rothstein to use to 
defraud investors in the Ponzi scheme. It was Epstein's costs in the defense of that 
abusive litigation which gave rise to Epstein's damages in this action. Whether 
Epstein seeks to recover those costs from Rothstein alone or from both Rothstein 
and Edwards, Edwards' role in conducting that litigation is pivotal and will make 
the difference in determining whether Epstein has suffered any damages from the 
Ponzi scheme that are recoverable from Rothstein. Thus, Epstein's claim against 
EFTA00808460
--- PAGE 7 ---
Rothstein for damages resulting from the use of Epstein's cases in the Ponzi 
scheme and Edwards' counterclaim against Epstein based in large part on 
Edwards' assertion that that litigation he conducted was not abusive and was not 
conducted to further the Ponzi scheme could not be more interrelated. 
Edwards Cannot Escape the Binding Pre-Trial Stipulation in Which He 
Contracted that His Counterclaim Against Epstein Would Be tried With (and 
following) Epstein's Damages Claim Against Rothstein 
Nor can Edwards claim to have misunderstood that Epstein's claim and 
counterclaim would be tried together in the same action and in that order when his 
counsel signed a binding and unambiguous pre-trial stipulation just three months 
ago on December 22, 2017, in which Edwards expressly and clearly agreed to one 
trial on the claim and counterclaim: Issue 1: "Case Against Rothstein"; Issue 2: 
"Malicious Prosecution Counterclaim". (App. 13 at C. 1.) Apparently referring 
to his disagreement with the stipulated language of Issue 16 (i.e., the framing of the 
issue) Edwards claims he recognized in the stipulation the possibility of prejudice 
to him or confusion of the jury resulting from the cases being tried together. 
(Response, pp. 7, 23). If that were truly the case, then Edwards' counsel should not 
Case Against Rothstein. What, if any, damages were sustained by Epstein and 
proximately caused by Rothstein." (Edwards does not agree with this language for the 
reason that the issue as stated fails to tie causation to Rothstein's operation of the 
Ponzi scheme. It is Edwards' position that failure to limit the issue in this way as to 
Rothstein has the potential of confusing the jury in determining whether Epstein had 
any probable cause to claim damages against Edwards arising out of the same 
circumstances.) (App. 13 at C. 1) (italicized emphasis added). 
EFTA00808461
--- PAGE 8 ---
have signed the binding pre-trial stipulation and should have requested severance 
at that time, which he chose not to do. Three months before trial would still have 
been extremely late in the proceedings to request bifurcation, but it would certainly 
have been better (and more credible) for Edwards to have raised the issue then 
before signing the pre-trial stipulation, rather than months after signing it and only 
two weeks before trial. 
That Edwards requested bifurcation only at the eleventh hour, less than two 
weeks before trial, in a case that commenced more than eight years ago, is clear 
evidence that Edwards never believed that the risk of prejudice and confusion from 
a single trial was problematic. In that regard, it is important to note that Edwards' 
motion for separate trials was framed in the alternative, seeking either a single trial 
in which the previously agreed order of presentation of the claim and the 
counterclaim in that trial were reversed, so that the counterclaim would be tried 
first, or bifurcation. The alternative relief sought in this motion is itself a strong 
indication that despite all of his protestations regarding prejudice and confusion 
from trying the two claims in the same action, all Edwards really sought through 
his last-minute bifurcation gambit was a tactical advantage in presenting his 
counterclaim to the jury first. 
EFTA00808462
--- PAGE 9 ---
ARGUMENT 
I. 
EPSTEIN WILL SUFFER IRREPARABLE HARM IF FORCED TO 
PROCEED WITH SEPARATE TRIALS BECAUSE THE CLAIMS 
INVOLVE 
INTERRELATED 
FACTUAL 
ISSUES 
AND, 
THEREFORE, A RISK OF INCONSISTENT VERDICTS EXISTS. 
"[A] severance under Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.270(b), while 
residing in the sound discretion of the trial court upon an appropriate showing, 
should remain the exception." Travelers Exp., Inc. v. Acosta, 397 So. 2d 733, 
737 (Fla. 3d DCA 1981) (emphasis added). See also Estate of Carrillo v. Fed. 
Deposit Ins. Corp., No. 11-22668-CIV, 2012 WL 13013081, at *1 (M. Fla. Apr. 
25, 2012) ("Bifurcation is the exception, not the rule, and the party seeking 
bifurcation shoulders the heavy burden of establishing that bifurcation is 
warranted.") (citation omitted). 
Edwards Cannot Dispute That His Counterclaim Against Epstein. and Epstein's 
Claim Against Rothstein, Involve Interrelated Factual Issues 
Edwards agrees with Epstein that "certiorari is an appropriate remedy for 
orders severing claims that involve interrelated factual issues because of the 
risk of inconsistent verdicts."7 Yet, Edwards misrepresents to this Court that Judge 
Response, at p. 16, citing Martinique Condos., Inc., 230 So. 3d at 1270 (emphasis 
added). See also Minty v. Meister Financialgroup, Inc., 97 So. 3d 926, 931 (Fla. 4th 
DCA 2012); Kavouras v. Mario City Rest. Corp., 88 So. 3d 213, 214 (Fla. 3d DCA 
2011); Choi v. Auto-Owners Ins. Co., 224 So. 3d 882, 883 (Fla. 2d DCA 2017) (all 
stating "Certiorari is an appropriate remedy for orders severing or bifurcating claims 
which involve interrelated factual issues because severance risks inconsistent 
outcomes.") (emphasis added). 
EFTA00808463
--- PAGE 10 ---
Hafele concluded that the claim and counterclaim were not factually intertwined. 
(Response, p. 21). 
To the contrary, Judge Hafele acknowledged there was 
"factually . . . some overlap," and that he was "not suggesting [otherwise]." (App. 
19, p. 222.) And no less than six times did Judge Hafele state that Epstein's claim 
was the genesis (i.e., the "origin," "source," or "root") of Edwards' counterclaim. 
(App. 19 - Tr. 26:8-12, 26:18-23; 27:8-9; 38:24-39:3; 76:8-11; 77:1-3.) 
But despite acknowledging that Epstein's claim birthed Edwards' 
counterclaim, the lower court improperly focused on the claim and counterclaim 
presenting different legal issues, and Edwards grabbed hold of that argument and 
ran with it.8
Edwards' three-page soliloquy urging the Court to infer a concession by 
Epstein that his claim and Edwards' counterclaim are "separate" and "distinct" 
based on Epstein's proposed verdict forms and jury instructions (including a 
standard jury instruction applicable in every case where both claims and 
counterclaims are tried together in the same action) is sheer nonsense lacking any 
legal basis and must be disregarded in its entirety. (Response, pp. 17-19). If this 
were the test for whether bifurcation is appropriate, no claim and counterclaim 
could ever be tried together. Each such claim and counterclaim, alleging a separate 
The trial court harped on the legal differences, stating: "From a purely legal 
standpoint, this separate action, there is nothing that I can think of that would 
necessitate these two matters to be tried together. . . But Edwards, on a totally separate 
legal theory . . . . " (App. 19, p. 224.) 
EFTA00808464
--- PAGE 11 ---
cause of action, as it must, would be accompanied by jury instructions and verdict 
forms that would always invariably present "distinct" issues. The same is true for 
Epstein's claim against Rothstein and Edwards' counterclaim against Epstein. 
The Risk of Inconsistent Verdicts Demonstrates Irreparable Harm 
If Edwards' counterclaim remains severed and is tried separately—despite 
having been joined at the hip with Epstein's claim against Rothstein since 2009—
the risk of inconsistent verdicts is real. 
Instructive, is the Third District's opinion in Travelers Express Inc. v. 
Acosta, 397 So. 2d 733 (1981), in which the court considered whether a plaintiff's 
malicious prosecution claim should be heard together with the defendant's claims 
for conversion, breach of trust and conspiracy to defraud. In reversing the trial 
court's dismissal of the counterclaims so that all claims could be tried together to 
avoid potentially inconsistent verdicts, the appellate court observed: 
A verdict for Myriam [Acosta] on her claim of malicious prosecution, 
whether tried separately or together, coupled with a verdict in favor of 
Travelers on its counterclaims, would produce repugnant, inconsistent 
verdicts. For example, a verdict for Myriam on her claim of malicious 
prosecution requires establishment of all elements of the tort, one of 
which is the absence of probable cause, while a verdict for Travelers 
on its counterclaims would necessarily establish the probable cause 
which was found to be absent in a verdict for Myriam on her 
malicious prosecution claim. . . . 
There is no shorthand solution to avoid repugnant and inconsistent 
verdicts in the ever-increasing multiplicity of claims, cross-claims, 
and counterclaims. Our inquiry is limited only to pointing out the 
EFTA00808465
--- PAGE 12 ---
potential problems so that, where a problem becomes apparent, 
litigants and trial courts may fashion a solution to avoid needless 
trials and the attendant costs, delays, and expenditure of judicial 
effort. 
Id. at 738 (internal citations omitted). 
Similarly, here, one jury could find that Epstein was damaged by Rothstein's 
conspiracy to use the cases Edwards was litigating against Epstein to support 
Rothstein's Ponzi scheme in that Epstein was forced to pay the costs to defend 
against abusive litigation conducted by Edwards to support Rothstein's Ponzi 
scheme. A second jury could find that Epstein had no probable cause to originally 
sue both Rothstein and his partner Edwards because Edwards' litigation practices 
challenged by Epstein were not abusive and Epstein had no damages. To tackle 
this potential problem head on, the claim and counterclaim should be tried together 
to avoid a needless second trial and the attendant costs, delays, and expenditure of 
judicial effort. See id. 
IL 
THE 
ELEVENTH-HOUR 
SEVERANCE 
IS 
A 
DEPARTURE 
FROM THE ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS OF LAW. 
Edwards Stipulated to a Consolidated Trial and Has Waived Bifurcation 
Severance would be a departure from the essential requirements of law 
because Edwards stipulated to a consolidated trial. 
Moreover, Edwards 
specifically and unambiguously stipulated to the order in which the claim and 
counterclaim would be tried. Yet Edwards ignores the sanctity of the pre-trial 
EFTA00808466
--- PAGE 13 ---
stipulation—that "powerful blueprint that fully enables a well-run and fair trial," 
and "trump card upon which all parties to any litigation can virtually always rely." 
Palm Beach Polo Holdings, Inc. 174 So. 3d at 1038, 1039. 
Edwards argues he did not waive bifurcation via the pre-trial stipulation, 
because the stipulation left several "unanswered" issues to be decided, e.g., jury 
instructions and verdict forms. (Response, p. 24.) Bifurcation was simply not one 
of them. In this case, as in almost all others, issues will remain even on the 
doorstep of trial. Charge conferences to argue over jury instructions even happen 
at any time during a trial. Issues regarding admissibility of evidence do not 
empower Edwards to violate a binding stipulation on issues that have 
unequivocally been settled, including his binding unambiguous agreement to hold 
a single trial in which Epstein's claim against Rothstein is presented first, followed 
by Edward's counterclaim Epstein. 
CONCLUSION 
Two separate trials will cause irreparable harm to Epstein and likelihood of 
inconsistent verdicts is real. Furthermore, the trial court's severance of Edwards' 
counterclaim against Epstein from Epstein's originating and factually intertwined 
claim against Rothstein is a clear departure from the essential requirements of the 
law. Bifurcation would cause a duplication of judicial resources because the claim 
and counterclaim are intertwined. Severing them would cause two trials to be had 
EFTA00808467
--- PAGE 14 ---
when there should be one, with duplicative evidence and testimony from many of 
the same witnesses. Furthermore, Edwards waived bifurcation in the binding pre-
trial stipulation, executed just three months ago, and his eleventh-hour claim of 
prejudice by a consolidated trial on both claims is just not credible. 
Epstein, therefore, respectfully requests this Court to grant the petition and 
quash the severance order. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of this Petition was 
furnished via email this 
day of March, 2018: 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & 
Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
MEE 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808468
--- PAGE 15 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter- 
Plaintiff-Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter- 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., #250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Co-Counsel for Intervenors E.W., 
and Jane Doe 
VIA U.S. MAIL 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00808469
--- PAGE 16 ---
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Rachel J. Glasser 
BN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial & Appellate Counsel for 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey 
Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF TYPE SIZE & STYLE 
I certify that the type, size, and style utilized in this Petition is 14-point 
Times New Roman. 
Is/ 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
EFTA00808470

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808471.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
Appellate Case No.: 4D18-0762 
LT Case No: 502009CA0408003C3C3OCNIB AG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner/Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Respondents/Defendants. 
REPLY TO RESPONSE TO EMERGENCY PETITION 
FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
On Review of a Non-Final Order of the Circuit Court of the 
Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esq. 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Rachel J. Glasser, Esq. 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
Appellate Counsel for Petitioner 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
EFTA00808471
--- PAGE 2 ---
INTRODUCTION 
Confronted with Rule 1.440, a compulsory rule of Florida Civil Procedure, 
and unequivocal legal precedent interpreting the same clearly against him, Edwards 
levels false and misleading accusations against Epstein and injects impertinent 
allegations into his argument in an obvious attempt to divert the Court from its 
inevitable decision. Throughout his Response, Edwards misstates the facts and 
procedural posture of this complex case and the nature of the pending claims below. 
However, the law and the facts are clear, and Edwards' tactics should not dissuade 
the Court from the mandatory course of action unambiguously laid out by Rule 
1.440. 
Edwards is both a party and has been counsel of record for himself since 
March 27, 2012. Edwards repeatedly states that Epstein raised the Rule 1.440 issue 
at the last minute. (Resp. at pp. 9, 12, 13, 16). But this is patently untrue. It was 
Edwards who raised the "not at issue" objection at the eleventh hour - albeit in a 
calculated but misguided attempt to capitalize on that issue with a last-minute 
request for bifurcation of his counterclaim. (App. 15.)' Indeed, after the parties 
and the trial judge himself had overlooked the Rule 1.440 issue, Edwards improperly 
"App." refers to Epstein's Appendix in support of his Emergency Petition for Writ of 
Mandamus and Appendix to Emergency Motion for Review of Order Denying Stay 
filed on March 8, 2018. "Supp. App." refers to Epstein's Supplemental Appendix filed 
with this Reply. 
EFTA00808472
--- PAGE 3 ---
sought to use Rule 1.440 to justify eleventh-hour severance in violation of a binding 
joint pre-trial stipulation that was signed and filed in December 2017. However, as 
thoroughly addressed in Epstein's companion Petition for Writ of Certiorari (Case 
No. 4D18-0787), severance was clearly waived by Edwards and was otherwise 
improper, and even if it were not improper, severance cannot cure the Rule 1.440 
problem. 
This Court is obligated to require the trial court to follow the dictates of Rule 
1.440 in order to ensure that reversible error does not occur and that precious judicial 
resources are not wasted. 
REPLY STATEMENT OF THE CASE AND FACTS 
In his response, Edwards attempts to persuade the Court to ignore the legal 
requirements of Rule 1.440 with an inaccurate and misleading account of the circuit 
court's rulings at the March 8, 2018 hearing concerning the issues raised on this 
appeal. A brief review of the March 8, 2018, hearing transcript reveals Edwards' 
numerous misstatements regarding the trial court's rulings. 
Page 1. First, Edwards inaccurately asserts in his Response that "the only 
reason the case was allegedly not at issue was Epstein's failure, over more than six 
years, to seek a default against Rothstein[.]" (Resp. at p. 1) [emphasis added]. 
However, at the March 8, 2018, hearing, Judge Hafele held Edwards equally 
responsible for the current Rule 1.440 issue because Edwards was the party who 
EFTA00808473
--- PAGE 4 ---
noticed the case for trial and failed to recognize that the case was not at issue until 
the eleventh hour when Edwards improperly sought to exploit this Rule 1.440 
problem to bifurcate his counterclaim against Epstein from Epstein's claim against 
Rothstein (originally against both Rothstein and Edwards). At the hearing, Judge 
Hafele explicitly stated: 
I am not exonerating the movant here, by any means. . . . 
talking 
about Edwards. The movant setting the case for trial. 
Because Edwards has the same responsibility to the Court, to this 
community, to the taxpayers, to the public, to my constituency, to 
assiduously review the docket, to ensure that the notice is being 
provided in accordance with rule 1.440. 
So by no means am I 
exonerating anyone here. 
(Tr. 20:10-25 — 21:1.)2 Judge Hafele further admonished Edwards' counsel: 
It is disappointing that a firm of your stature, an attorney of your 
stature, of which I have an abiding respect for all of those who are 
serving their clients in this case, that, again, the docket was not 
assiduously combed, and we are left here today with the very real 
possibility of this case not being tried as scheduled. 
(Tr. 22:2-9.) 
Importantly, Judge Hafele recognized that he, himself, was ultimately 
responsible for setting the case for trial prematurely: 
Clearly, as I indicated at the inception of this hearing, I am not pleased 
by the events that occurred here. No court should be. The blame is 
several fold, including the individual who is sitting here, who ultimately 
is responsible for the execution of that trial order. So I have, to a degree, 
blame myself for the execution of that order. And ultimately I bear the 
App. 19. 
EFTA00808474
--- PAGE 5 ---
responsibility of that, and I recognize that. 
(Tr. 81:11-21.) 
Thus, the trial court was clear that ALL parties, as well as the trial court itself, 
were responsible for verifying that the case was at issue before it was set for trial. 
The blame was not placed solely on Epstein, as Edwards suggests. 
Pages 6 and 7. Edwards attempts to give this Court the false impression that 
Edwards' counterclaim against Epstein and Epstein's claim against Edwards' former 
partner, convicted felon Scott Rothstein, are separate and unrelated — i.e., that 
Epstein's claim against Rothstein (which was originally filed against both Rothstein 
and Edwards) for using Epstein case information and materials to lure investors to 
invest in fabricated cases and settlements, had no relationship to Edwards' 
counterclaim against Epstein. To do so, Edwards misrepresents to this Court that he 
only filed his malicious prosecution counterclaim in this action, which specifically 
arose out of the allegations Epstein made against Rothstein and Edwards in the 
claims Epstein filed against them in this action, after Epstein had dismissed Edwards 
from those claims. 
Specifically, in discussing Epstein's Notice of Voluntary 
Dismissal, Edwards states: "Having favorably disposed of Epstein's false claims 
against him, Edwards amended his counterclaim to include a malicious prosecution 
claim." (Response, at p. 6) (emphasis added). This is undeniably false! Edwards' 
malicious prosecution counterclaim was filed October 4, 2011 (Supp. App. 21), 
EFTA00808475
--- PAGE 6 ---
nearly a year before Epstein's August 16, 2012 Notice of Voluntary Dismissal 
without prejudice against Edwards. (App. 9). Edwards failed to include that 
"relevant proceeding" on his timeline on page 7 of his Response. Moreover, the 
allegations set forth in Edwards' malicious prosecution counterclaim are nearly 
identical to those set forth in Edwards' original count for abuse of process, filed in 
this action just 17 days after it commenced. 
Page 9. In support of his bifurcation attempt, Edwards suggests that Epstein 
is pursuing his claim against Rothstein only to introduce irrelevant evidence about 
the Ponzi scheme which would otherwise be inadmissible against Edwards, and 
which would prejudice him and confuse the jury. 
However, central in the damages trial of Epstein against Rothstein will be the 
presentation of evidence regarding the use of Edwards' clients' cases against Epstein 
in the Rothstein Ponzi scheme, the abusive litigation engaged in those cases in order 
to support that Ponzi scheme, and how much Epstein was damaged by that abusive 
litigation. Edwards' conduct of that abusive litigation as lead attorney on the Epstein 
cases while at the Rothstein firm is what provided the basis for Epstein's probable 
cause to file and continue his suit against Edwards. In his malicious prosecution 
counterclaim against Epstein, Edwards specifically must disprove that Epstein had 
any such probable cause. Thus, Epstein's "claim" against Rothstein and Edwards' 
"counterclaim" against Epstein are irrefutably and inextricably intertwined. 
EFTA00808476
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards seeks to mislead this Court to the contrary, as he did in the trial court, 
despite the overwhelmingly clear evidence of the interrelationship between them. 
Even if bifurcated, the Edwards v. Epstein jury must hear all about what 
convicted felon Scott Rothstein did and how he used three real cases against Epstein 
to fabricate dozens of claims and hundred million dollar settlements in order to lure 
investors in the Ponzi scheme. Once the jury understands the Ponzi scheme, they 
will hear evidence of Edwards' (a partner at the Rothstein firm) involvement with 
Rothstein to determine it Epstein had probable cause to sue Edwards? 
Edwards simply cannot deny that his counterclaim is inextricably intertwined 
with Epstein's originating claim. The same illegal conduct is key to Epstein's 
defense to the malicious prosecution counterclaim—i.e., it demonstrates that Epstein 
had probable cause to file suit against Edwards, who was an admitted "partner" at 
the Rothstein firm, the lead attorney on the three cases against Epstein, and a primary 
participant in the excessive and unorthodox litigation practices in the cases against 
Epstein that were used to support the Ponzi scheme. The interrelationship is 
inescapable. If Edwards truly seeks justice on his counterclaim for malicious 
prosecution, the context and universe in which it was given life must be explained 
to the jury. It is just that simple. 
Epstein continues to assert that the issue of probable cause is a question for the trial 
court and not for the jury. Debrincat v. Fischer, 217 So. 3d 68 (2017). 
EFTA00808477
--- PAGE 8 ---
REPLY ARGUMENT4
A WRIT OF MANDAMUS SHOULD ISSUE TO REQUIRE THE 
CIRCUIT COURT TO COMPLY WITH THE MANDATE SET 
FORTH IN RULE 1.440. 
A. 
Edwards' Counterclaim Against Epstein is Not Separate and Distinct 
from Epstein's Claim Against Rothstein. As Such, Bifurcation or 
Severance is Not a Viable Remedy to Cure the Defective Trial Request 
and Order Setting Trial. 
Edwards' argument that Epstein's claim against Edwards' former partner, 
convicted Ponzi schemer Rothstein, is separate from and unrelated to the Edwards' 
counterclaim against Epstein is complete fabrication, and the Court should recognize 
it for the sham that it is. Epstein's claim against Rothstein (which originally included 
causes of action against both Rothstein and Edwards) and Edwards' counterclaim 
against Epstein (being based on the allegations Epstein made in his original, 
amended and second amended complaints against both Rothstein and Edwards) are 
interdependent claims, which are and always have been part of one unified action. 
If Epstein had not filed the original complaint against Rothstein and Edwards 
connecting their activities with respect to the cases Edwards was litigating against 
Epstein, Edwards would never have filed his counterclaim for malicious prosecution 
against Epstein. The Epstein claim and the Edwards counterclaim are married and 
have been since they were both originally filed in December 2009, the same year 
' Short cites will be used for cases cited in the Emergency Petition. 
EFTA00808478
--- PAGE 9 ---
Edwards brought his three clients' claims against Epstein to Rothstein's firm, the 
same year the Ponzi scheme conducted through Rothstein's firm was uncovered and 
the same year the use of Edwards' clients' cases against Epstein to support the Ponzi 
scheme was revealed! 
Edwards' counterclaim is based on the alleged "anxiety" and "emotional 
distress" he suffered as a result of Epstein's filing and continuation of this lawsuit. 
At the March 8, 2018 hearing, Judge Hafele himself recognized no less than six times 
that this civil proceeding initiated by Epstein was the genesis for Edwards' 
counterclaim. (Tr. 26:8-12, 18-23; 27:8-9; 38:24 - 39:1-3; 76:8-11; 77:1-3). 
Although Edwards makes much of the permissive nature of his counterclaim, 
it is much ado about nothing. After all, it was Edwards who chose the vehicle in 
which it was to proceed and continued that combined counterclaim for over eight 
years until the eve of trial. Edwards could have filed a separate lawsuit, but instead 
chose to file his counterclaim in this action. Edwards filed his initial counterclaim 
only 17 days after Epstein sued him, and then subsequently amended it to include a 
cause for malicious prosecution based on the identical allegations made in the 
original counterclaim. Given his election to file this as a counterclaim, rather than 
in a separate action, Edwards cannot be heard to complain now on the doorstep of 
trial that his counterclaim should be severed. Nor can Edwards dispute that the claim 
EFTA00808479
--- PAGE 10 ---
and counterclaim in this action have traveled together as a conjoined pair since the 
inception of this lawsuit over eight years ago. 
Moreover, Edwards cannot get around the fact that he noticed this entire 
matter for trial, and the burden was his, as the movant, to make sure the case was at 
issue before doing so. Edwards could have just as easily moved to bifurcate last 
summer and then noticed his counterclaim for trial. He did not. Instead, Edwards 
failed to comply with the rules, then asks for a last-minute bailout from the trial 
court. 
Importantly, that last-minute bailout is in direct violation of the binding pre-
trial stipulation signed and filed by Edwards' counsel in which Edwards expressly 
contracted that the claim and counterclaim in this case would be tried together in one 
action, and in the following order: first, the "Case Against Rothstein"; second 
Edwards' Malicious Prosecution Counterclaim. (App. 13 at C. 1.) If Pretrial 
Stipulations are to have any value, Edwards should not be allowed to escape the 
binding contractual commitment of his own Joint Pretrial Stipulation. 
Lastly, the trial court's severing Edwards' counterclaim from Epstein's 
originating claim does not make the action "at issue" in any event. Under the strict 
requirements of Rule 1.440 once severed, the parties must wait 20 days before 
serving a notice that the counterclaim is at issue and ready for trial, and the Court 
may not set a trial date that is less than 30 days after the date of such notice. 
EFTA00808480
--- PAGE 11 ---
Therefore, even if Edwards' counterclaim were properly severed (and Epstein 
maintains that it was not), a trial cannot immediately proceed. 
B. 
Denvitte Mandamus Relief Would Be Unprecedented—Epstein has not 
Waived Reliance on Rule 1.440. 
Edwards cites no case—and Epstein cannot find one—in which a party voiced 
a Rule 1.440 objection before trial and was unsuccessful in seeking mandamus relief 
when the circuit court denied the party's request to remove the case from the trial 
docket. Edwards noted the Rule 1.440 violation, and Epstein agreed and objected 
before trial occurred. 
Edwards' attempt to pigeon-hole this case to fit within the purview of Labor 
Ready Se. Inc. v. Australian Warehouses Condo. =, 
962 So. 2d 1053 (Fla. 4th 
DCA 2007), and HSBC Bank USA,.. v. Serban, 148 So. 3d 1287 (Fla. 1st DCA 
2014), is unavailing. In fact, the instant case is readily distinguishable from both 
Labor Ready and Serban, which were final appeals, rather than mandamus 
proceedings like the instant proceeding here. 
In the instant case, Epstein objected before the start of trial, and immediately 
filed his emergency mandamus petition when the circuit court denied his request to 
remove the case from the trial docket. Epstein protected his right by seeking an 
emergency stay in order for this Court to review the issue first raised by Edwards. 
Thus, Epstein made his objection in advance of trial at the earliest opportunity once 
Edwards made him aware of the Rule 1.440 issue. Unlike Epstein, in both Labor 
EFTA00808481
--- PAGE 12 ---
Ready and Serban, the aggrieved party waited until after trial had commenced to 
object to the trial deficiency. In Labor Ready, "[a]ll parties fully participated in the 
hearing without objection." 962 So. 2d at 1055. And in Serban, the objecting party 
"waited until the parties and the court had assembled [on the day of trial] to seek a 
later trial date." 148 So. 3d at 1290. The appellate court noted the trial court's 
"finding that counsel could have filed a written motion for continuance prior to the 
day of trial," but did not. Id. (emphasis added). Both of those cases "illustrate the 
inadequacy of an appeal from a final judgment as a remedy for a trial court's failure 
to perform its duties under the rule. 
Moreover, the instant action was not "at issue" under Rule 1.440 when the 
movant, Edwards, improperly noticed it and the circuit court improperly set it for 
trial. However, neither Labor Ready nor Serban, in which both actions were at issue 
before setting them for trial, involved a case like this one, "a case where the case had 
never been at issue." Serban, 148 So. 3d at 1291(quoting Labor Ready). 
Furthermore, Epstein's operative Second Amended Complaint, which had 
neither been answered nor defaulted, contained a "brand-new" count alleged in 
response to the trial court's order dismissing the prior amended complaint with leave 
to amend. Thus, Epstein's Second Amended Complaint was not a mere "technical" 
amendment. (See App. 15 at ¶ 6). In stark contrast, both Labor Ready and Serban 
involved mere technical amendments to the pleadings at the last minute. In Labor 
EFTA00808482
--- PAGE 13 ---
Ready, the case was properly at issue when the plaintiff merely amended its 
complaint to conform the pleadings to the position it had taken during the summary 
judgment hearing. And in Serban, the case was properly at issue, too, when there 
was a "last-minute [technical] amendment to the answer, to which plaintiff replied 
prior to trial." 
Finally, the trial court asked Epstein to waive the deficiency, but Epstein did 
not agree to waive it. (Tr. 49:15-50:10.) 
Under these "circumstances," the 
mandatory provision of Rule 1.440 was repeatedly preserved and never waived. CI 
Labor Ready, 962 So. 2d at 1056. 
C. 
Mandamus Applies to Non-Discretionary Nature of Rule 1.440, But Even 
Inapplicable "Equities" Analysis Weighs in Favor of Granting the 
Petition. 
Requiring strict compliance before the trial takes place does not provide for 
the discretionary analysis of "equities" as Edwards suggests. Nonetheless, contrary 
to Edwards' argument, the equities, also weigh decidedly in favor of issuing the writ. 
Edwards inexcusably failed to ensure the case was at issue before filing his motion. 
He then improperly sought to capitalize on his own failure in a last-minute attempt 
to secure bifurcation in violation of the joint pre-trial stipulation filed in December 
2017. Neither action should be condoned by this Court. 
Although Edwards would have this Court believe that his claim has been at 
issue for years, Edwards did not move to set it for trial until May 24, 2017, when the 
EFTA00808483
--- PAGE 14 ---
case was remanded to the trial court after being up before the Fourth District Court 
of Appeal for one and a half years and waiting for the Florida Supreme Court to rule 
for another year and a half. (App. 10.) The Order setting trial resulting from that 
Motion was not entered until July 20, 2017. (App. 11.) 
Case law supports placing this burden on Edwards, not Epstein. The burden 
is on the movant to make sure the case is at issue before serving a notice for trial, 
and the trial judge is ultimately responsible for ensuring compliance with the rule. 
The following excerpt from the First District's Bennett decision "succinctly 
encapsulates" what occurred here: 
The requirement of notice is mandatory. . . . The procedure for setting 
actions for trial is simple, but many attorneys are careless about it. They 
serve a notice for trial prematurely. This requires a motion to strike the 
notice or an informal request to the court to remove the action from the 
calendar. There is no excuse for failing to follow the rule. Some judges 
are equally careless about requiring an order setting the action for trial. 
Apparently they believe the rule is directory, rather than mandatory. 
Such is not the case. 
Bennett, 492 So. 2d at 727 (citing Trawick's Fla. Practice and Procedure, 1980 
Edition section 22-2) (emphasis added). 
Thus, it is Edwards who has the unclean hands and has unreasonably delayed 
seeking relief from his defective and premature motion to set case for trial. On the 
other hand, irreparable harm will result if the trial proceeds, as "[s]trict compliance 
with rule 1.440 is required and failure to adhere to it is reversible error." Melbourne 
HMA, LLC, 190 So. 3d at 170 (emphasis added). See also Tucker, 175 So. 3d at 306 
EFTA00808484
--- PAGE 15 ---
(final judgment reversed because case noticed for trial before answer to counterclaim 
was filed); Gawker Media, LLC, 170 So. 3d at 129-30 (granting mandamus to 
enforce Rule 1.440 and holding that an appeal after final judgment would be 
insufficient to remedy the rule's provisions 
t
re q
g
-in a 50-day hiatus between trial 
and service of the last pleading); Precision Constructors, Inc., 825 So. 2d at 1063 
(judgment vacated because failure to adhere strictly to the mandates of Rule 1.440 
is reversible error). 
Absent mandamus relief, two trials will occur instead of one, resulting in 
prejudice to the circuit court and the public, too. Indeed, "a single trial generally 
tends to lessen the delay, expense and inconvenience to all concerned, and the 
courts have emphasized that separate trials should not be ordered unless such 
disposition is clearly necessary, and then only in the furtherance of justice." Maris 
Distrib. Co. v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc., 710 So. 2d 1022, 1024 (Fla. 1st DCA 1998) 
(emphasis added; citation and internal quotation marks omitted). 
Inconsistent verdicts present an additional basis for prejudice if the trial does 
not proceed combined as it has been since 2009. In short, one jury could find that 
Epstein was damaged by Rothstein's conspiracy utilizing the fruits of abusive 
litigation in the client cases Edwards was litigating against Epstein in order to sustain 
Rothstein's Ponzi scheme. Another jury hearing only the Edwards' counterclaim 
against Epstein would lack the benefit of Epstein's presentation in the trial of his 
EFTA00808485
--- PAGE 16 ---
damages claim against Rothstein, without which it might not fully understand the 
direct connection between Rothstein's fraudulent activities in the Ponzi scheme, the 
abusive litigation practices supporting the Ponzi scheme that were suffered by 
Epstein in the client cases Edwards was litigating against him, and the damages that 
Epstein incurred defending against that abusive litigation. 
Lacking that full 
understanding, a second jury could find that Epstein had no probable cause to 
originally sue both Rothstein and his partner Edwards because Epstein had no 
damages. 
In short, for both legal and equitable reasons, the writ of mandamus should 
issue. 
CONCLUSION 
In light of the well-established case law interpreting Rule 1.440's mandatory 
nature and strict compliance requirement, this action was not at issue when Edwards 
filed his premature Motion to Set Case for Trial. The case will not be at issue until 
after a default is entered at which point twenty days must pass before either party 
may file and serve a notice that the action is at issue. The circuit must then set a trial 
date that is not earlier than thirty days following the date of such notice. 
Accordingly, a writ of mandamus should issue to require the circuit court to comply 
with the strict mandate of Rule 1.440. 
EFTA00808486
--- PAGE 17 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of this Reply was furnished 
via email this 19th day of March, 2018: 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & 
Shipley, 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley I Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter- 
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
VIA U.S. MAIL 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00808487
--- PAGE 18 ---
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
(561) 727-3600; (561) 727-3601 [fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Rachel J. Glasser (FBN 577251 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Counsel for Petitioner / PlaintiffJeffrey 
Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF TYPE SIZE & STYLE 
I certify that the type, size, and style utilized in this Reply is 14-point Times 
New Roman. 
/s/ 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
EFTA00808488

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808489.pdf
----------------------------------------
11:41 AM 
01/19/18 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January through December 2017 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Name 
50000 • General 
50080 • Gifts 
50099 • 
Check 
01/03/2017 
1096 
Credit C... 
01/24/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01/24/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01/24/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01/24/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01124/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01124/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01/24/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01/24/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01/24/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01124/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01/24/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01/24/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01/24/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
01124/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
02/10/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
03/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
03/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
03/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
03/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
03/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
03/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
03/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
03/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
03/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
03/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Check 
04/07/2017 
1020 
The US Department ... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
04/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Check 
05/08/2017 
The New School Op... 
Credit C... 
05/18/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Memo 
VOID: per JE - void 
cleaners 
dropbox 
food Jan statement 
GYM 
hair 
h9 
Runes 
medical doctors 
nails 
netilix 
pharmacy 
Autodesk 
school supplies 
taxi Jan statement 
beauty supplies 
book 
Autodesk - computer design ... 
Egg freezing medication 
Food Feb statemet 
GYM 
nails and massage 
Medical doctors and labs 
School and house supplies 
Taxi Feb statement 
NetRix, dunes. dropbox 
Autodesk 
books 
cleaners 
dropbox 
Egg Freezing medical - Well ... 
museum 
food March statement 
GYM 
Runes 
taxi March statement 
VOID: 
Adobe 
Autodesk 
cleaners 
doctors 
dropbox 
fedex 
food April 2017 
GYM 
hair 
hg 
nails 
netilix 
pharmacy 
taxi April 2017 
Spring 2017 tuition 
May 10 2017 statement to 
cleaners June statement 
doctor visits 
dropbox 
fedex 
flowers 
food June statement 
hg 
itunes 
netilix 
pharmacy 
Autodesk 2 month 
taxi 
Amount 
0.00 
493.25 
9.99 
2,626.59 
203.00 
689.70 
50.00 
46.74 
2,675.00 
105.67 
8.99 
397.35 
212.31 
90.62 
680.27 
156.78 
62.06 
212.51 
4,912.84 
1,561.88 
203.00 
304.80 
2,490.47 
406.31 
380.65 
25.21 
212.31 
103.43 
328.20 
9.90 
9,489.53 
140.00 
1,014.15 
203.00 
98.77 
645.90 
0.00 
391.82 
212.31 
170.00 
2,079.84 
9.99 
27.50 
1,566.77 
203.00 
668.80 
662.58 
56.50 
9.99 
168.06 
931.37 
10,856.00 
4,311.70 
275.50 
1,168.00 
9.99 
39.00 
161.09 
3,305.28 
382.56 
39.15 
9.99 
212.73 
402.84 
582.51 
Page 1 
EFTA00808489
--- PAGE 2 ---
11:41 AM 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
01/19/18 
Account QuickReport 
Accrual Basis 
January through December 2017 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Credit C... 
06/14/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07111/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
07/11/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
10/1312017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit C... 
11/29/2017 
Uber Technologies L.. 
Credit C... 
12/13/2017 
Thomas J. Magnani ... 
Credit C... 
12/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Total 50099 •M 
Total 50080 • Gifts 
Total 50000 General 
TOTAL 
Memo 
Amount 
GYM 
211.93 
Autodesk - 2 month 
402.84 
cleaners 
420.60 
clothes 
445.83 
medical doctors 
1,656.30 
dropbox 
9.99 
hair 
734.64 
food July statement 
3,477.36 
GYM 
208.00 
hg 
391.94 
Runes 
5.43 
netflix 
9.99 
pharmacy 
243.38 
taxi July statement 
128.40 
Autodesle2 
402.84 
cleaners 
9.45 
fropbox 
9.99 
food August st 
3,227.19 
GYM 
208.00 
hg Amazon 
409.85 
Runes 
48.71 
netflix 
9.99 
pharmacy 
193.10 
taxi August st 
444.36 
book 
92.33 
bus Hamptons 
158.33 
beauty supplies 
237.35 
dry cleaning 
286.00 
food Sept st 
1,798.70 
GYM 
208.00 
hair 
423.23 
hg 
294.57 
massage 
77.00 
pharmacy 
148.66 
taxi September st 
304.85 
sneakers 
250.86 
Autodesk 
201.42 
Runes 
61.29 
vitamins 
30.00 
mist 
509.56 
M
October 10 2017 state... 
5,052.60 
clothes 
30.49 
medical - dermatologist., phar... 
1,409.34 
Dry cleaning 
324.45 
food Nov 10 statement 
1,797.32 
GYM 
208.00 
hair 
534.28 
stationary 
16.32 
Taxi Nov 10 st 
204.49 
itunes 
44.20 
Autodesk - 2 month 
402.84 
3d printing 
20.00 
ne0ix and dropbox 
19.98 
rsonal taxis 
225.42 
1,095.00 
Dec 10 2017 statement 
2,185.08 
92,128.12 
92,128.12 
92,128.12 
92,128.12 
Page 2 
EFTA00808490

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808491.pdf
----------------------------------------
9:34 AM 
10103/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January through December 2016 
Date 
Num 
Name 
50000 • General 
50080 • Gifts 
50099 • Sue 
01/20/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
01/20/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
01/20/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
01/20/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
01/20/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
01/20/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
01/20/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
01/20/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
01/20/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
01/20/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
02/28/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
03/24/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
04/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
05/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
05/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
05/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
05/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
05/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
05/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
05/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
05/12/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
06/11/2016 
Thomas J. Magnani ... 
06/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/25/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
07/27/2016 
West Elm 
07/27/2016 
Taxi 
07/27/2016 
The Crows Nest 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Memo 
Amount 
art and school supplies 
496.15 
beauty supplies 
345.00 
clothes 
773.01 
food 
680.62 
hair 
1.024.18 
netflix 
8.99 
pharmacy 
151.02 
school 
322.22 
taxi 
1.374.45 
travel 
1.650.02 
Sue Feb statement 
7,150.11 
beauty supplies 
151.34 
cleaners 
356.55 
B&H electronics 
362.26 
food March statement 
2,390.23 
GYM 
198.00 
hg 
708.81 
medical 
5.922.25 
museum 
312.66 
nails 
17.70 
pharmacy 
261.18 
School 
100.00 
taxi 
1.701.19 
The shade store - windows treatment 
4,269.33 
Netfiix 
8.99 
- software 
250.41 
beauty supplies 
219.93 
books 
257.48 
cleaners 
125.45 
curtain Installation 10f 
631.48 
foo April statement 
2,766.43 
!tunes 
18.48 
Pacific Premier - medical 
2,000.00 
nails 
126.20 
pharmacy 
214.44 
software 
642.23 
taxi April 2016 
1,013.86 
netflix 
8.99 
clothes - Bloomingdales, Bameys 
445.30 
bbloomingdales - beauty 
491.03 
medical - Pacific and Yale 
1,800.00 
food 
671.29 
pharmacy 
97.93 
Autodesk - software 
250.41 
Utrecht - supplies 
66.35 
taxi 
428.93 
netflix and nails 
23.13 
Sue 
830.00 
Sue june 11 statement 
4,993.57 
Sue cleaners for July 2016 
387.90 
Dell computer 
2.158.89 
food July 2016 
1,313.87 
GYM 
203.00 
Amazon hg July 2016 
163.78 
!tunes 
18.00 
nails 
78.20 
pharmacy 
81.55 
Autodesk 
250.41 
taxi July 2016 
338.01 
netflix 
8.99 
Desk for Sue at 1OF 301 
1,020.98 
Taxe17 
334.24 
food*2 
69.30 
itunes 
32.61 
beauty supplies August statement 
545.47 
Page 1 
EFTA00808491
--- PAGE 2 ---
9:34 AM 
10/03/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January through December 2016 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
Amount 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Cleaners Agust statement 
202.05 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
clothes August statement 
531.31 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
flowers 
27.35 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
food Sue August statement 
2,279.39 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
203.00 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
hg misc Sue August statement 
409.14 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
massage and nails 
171.20 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Software subscription - Autodesk 
250.41 
08/11/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Taxi Sue August statement 
259.66 
08/11/2016 
Metro Drugs Third ... 
Sue pedication - approved JE 
1,691.81 
08/11/2016 
Sessanta 1 
HG 
18.00 
08/11/2016 
Staples 
1.63 
08/11/2016 
The Container Store 
HG 
70.76 
08/11/2016 
Uber Technologies I... 
Taxi personal Sue • 9 
154.03 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
itunes 
41.31 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Ion ? emailed Sue 
299.83 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Beauty supplies - Bloomingdales an... 
372.77 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
New Top cleaners 
2O8.25 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Dropbox 
9.99 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Food Sep 11 statement 
1,888.30 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
203.00 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
hg 
650.64 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Sue Medical - Weill Cornell and NY ... 
8,943.84 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
netflix 
8.99 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Metro Drug and other pharmacys 
2,034.11 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Support subscription = Auto Desk 
250.41 
09/14/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Taxi 
133.17 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Bloomingdales 
890.05 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
cleaners 
430.60 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Zara - clothes 
155.35 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Flowers 
384.37 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
food - Oct statement 
2,215.08 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Equinox and Yoga 
269.00 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
itunes 
26.41 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Medical doctors 
3,700.00 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
netflix 
8.99 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy 
123.96 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Drop box 
9.99 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Auto desk 
212.31 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
supplies 
87.20 
10/17/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
taxi 
925.18 
10/26/2016 
EFT 
The New School Op... 
Sue Fall 2016 tuition 
17.030.00 
11/16/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Sue Nov 11 statement - correct aft... 
6,398.64 
11/17/2016 
Blick art Materials 
572.73 
12/21/2016 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Sue Dec 2016 statement - correct ... 
6,213.25 
Total 50099 Sue 
117,082.24 
Total 50080 Gifts 
117,082.24 
Total 50000 General 
117,082.24 
TOTAL 
117,082.24 
Page 2 
EFTA00808492

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808493.pdf
----------------------------------------
9:33 AM 
10/03/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January 1 through October 3. 2017 
Date 
50000 • General 
50080 • Gilts 
50099 • IM 
01/03/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
04/07/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/1812017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
05/08/2017 
05/18/2017 
06/14/2017 
06/14/2017 
06/14/2017 
06/14/2017 
06/14/2017 
06/14/2017 
06/1412017 
06/14/2017 
06/14/2017 
06/14/2017 
06/14/2017 
06/14/2017 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
Amount 
1096 
M 
VOID: per JE - void 
0.00 
American Express 37... 
cleaners 
493.25 
American Express 37... 
dropbox 
9.99 
American Express 37... 
food Jan statement 
2.626.59 
American Express 37... 
GYM 
203.00 
American Express 37... 
hair 
689.70 
American Express 37... 
hg 
50.00 
American Express 37... 
Runes 
46.74 
American Express 37... 
medical doctors 
2.675.00 
American Express 37... 
nails 
105.67 
American Express 37... 
netflix 
8.99 
American Express 37... 
pharmacy 
397.35 
American Express 37... 
Autodesk 
212.31 
American Express 37... 
school supplies 
90.62 
American Express 37... 
taxi Jan statement 
680.27 
American Express 37... 
beauty supplies 
156.78 
American Express 37... 
book 
62.06 
American Express 37... 
Autodesk - computer design program 
212.51 
American Express 37... 
Egg freezing medication 
4.912.84 
American Express 37... 
Food Feb statemet 
1.561.88 
American Express 37... 
GYM 
203.00 
American Express 37... 
nails and massage 
304.80 
American Express 37... 
Medical doctors and labs 
2.490.47 
American Express 37... 
School and house supplies 
406.31 
American Express 37... 
Taxi Feb statement 
380.65 
American Express 37... 
Netflix. Runes. dropbox 
25.21 
American Express 37... 
Autodesk 
212.31 
American Express 37... 
books 
103.43 
American Express 37... 
cleaners 
328.20 
American Express 37... 
dropbox 
9.90 
American Express 37... 
Egg Freezing medical - Well Cornell... 
9.489.53 
American Express 37... 
museum 
140.00 
American Express 37... 
food March statement 
1.014.15 
American Express 37... 
GYM 
203.00 
American Express 37... 
itunes 
98.77 
American Express 37... 
taxi March statement 
645.90 
1020 
The US Department ... 
VOID: 
0.00 
American Express 37... 
Adobe 
391.82 
American Express 37... 
Autodesk 
212.31 
American Express 37... 
cleaners 
170.00 
American Express 37... 
doctors 
2.079.84 
American Express 37... 
dropbox 
9.99 
American Express 37... 
fedex 
27.50 
American Express 37... 
food April 2017 
1.566.77 
American Express 37... 
GYM 
203.00 
American Express 37... 
hair 
668.80 
American Express 37... 
hg 
662.58 
American Express 37... 
nails 
56.50 
American Express 37... 
netflix 
9.99 
American Express 37... 
pharmacy 
168.06 
American Express 37... 
taxi April 2017 
931.37 
The New School Ope... 
.
Spring 2017 tuition
10.856.00 
American Express 37... 
May 10 2017 statement to 
4311.70 
American Express 37... 
cleaners June statement 
275.50 
American Express 37... 
doctor visits 
1.168.00 
American Express 37... 
dropbox 
9.99 
American Express 37... 
fedex 
39.00 
American Express 37... 
flowers 
161.09 
American Express 37... 
food June statement 
3305.28 
American Express 37... 
hg 
382.56 
American Express 37... 
Runes 
39.15 
American Express 37... 
netflix 
9.99 
American Express 37... 
pharmacy 
212.73 
American Express 37... 
Autodesk 2 month 
402.84 
American Express 37... 
taxi 
582.51 
Page 1 
EFTA00808493
--- PAGE 2 ---
9:33 AM 
10/03/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January 1 through October 3. 2017 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
Amount 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
GYM 
211.93 
7/1112017 
American Express 37... 
Autodesk - 2 month 
402.84 
7/1112017 
American Express 37... 
cleaners 
420.60 
7/1112017 
American Express 37... 
clothes 
445.83 
7/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
medical doctors 
1,656.30 
7/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
dropbox 
9.99 
7/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
hair 
734.64 
7/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
food July statement 
3,477.36 
7/1112017 
American Express 37... 
GYM 
208.00 
7/1112017 
American Express 37... 
hg 
391.94 
7/1112017 
American Express 37... 
Runes 
5.43 
7/1112017 
American Express 37... 
netflix 
9.99 
7/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
pharmacy 
243.38 
7/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
taxi July statement 
128.40 
8/15/2017 
American Express 37... 
Autodesk'2 
402.84 
8/15/2017 
American Express 37... 
cleaners 
9.45 
8/15/2017 
American Express 37... 
fropbox 
9.99 
8/15/2017 
American Express 37... 
food August st 
3,227.19 
8/15/2017 
American Express 37... 
GYM 
208.00 
8/15/2017 
American Express 37... 
hg Amazon 
409.85 
8/15/2017 
American Express 37... 
Runes 
48.71 
8/15/2017 
American Express 37... 
netflix 
9.99 
8/15/2017 
American Express 37... 
pharmacy 
193.10 
8(15/2017 
American Express 37... 
taxi August st 
444.36 
9/13/2017 
American Express 37... 
book 
92.33 
9/13/2017 
American Express 37... 
bus Hamptons 
158.33 
9/13/2017 
American Express 37... 
beauty supplies 
237.35 
9/13/2017 
American Express 37... 
dry cleaning 
286.00 
9(13/2017 
American Express 37... 
food Sept st 
1,798.70 
9/13/2017 
American Express 37... 
GYM 
208.00 
9/13/2017 
American Express 37... 
hair 
423.23 
9/13/2017 
American Express 37... 
hg 
294.57 
9/13/2017 
American Express 37... 
massage 
77.00 
09(13/2017 
American Express 37... 
pharmacy 
148.66 
09(13/2017 
American Express 37... 
taxi September st 
304.85 
09(13/2017 
American Express 37... 
sneakers 
250.86 
09(13/2017 
American Express 37... 
Autodesk 
201.42 
09(13/2017 
American Express 37... 
Runes 
61.29 
09(13/2017 
American Express 37... 
vitamins 
30.00 
09(13/2017 
American Express 37... 
misc 
509.56 
Total 50099 • M 
78,558.31 
Total 50080 . Gifts 
78,558.31 
Total 50000 • General 
78,558.31 
TOTAL 
78,558.31 
Page 2 
EFTA00808494

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808495.pdf
----------------------------------------
MAJOR MODEL MANAGEMENT,INC. 
04024/17 
Vendor Balance Detail 
All Transactions 
TYPe 
Date 
Num 
Memo 
Amount 
Balance 
Credit 
09/2212016 
YEARLY WEBSITE FEE 
-450.00 
-450.00 
Bil 
09/28/2016 
75066 
9/28/16 GIORGIO ARMANI CORPORATION $800-160 
640.00 
190.00 
Bil 
09/28/2016 
74881 
9/28/16 JOANNA MASTROIANNI $300-60 
240.00 
430.00 
Credit 
10/03/2016 
0000129 
COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-42.50 
387.50 
Bil 
10/03/2016 
74936 
10/3/16 FERNANDO FORERO STUDIOS CORP $16... 
1,333.34 
1,720.84 
Bil 
10/04/2016 
74946 
10/4/16 AVI SAHARONI IIMI DESIGN (MI) 
LTD.... 
240.00 
1,960.84 
Bil 
10/0512016 
74954 
10/5/16 Y0LAN CRIS $375-75 
300.00 
2,260.84 
Bil 
10/05/2016 
74959 
10/5/16 SACHIN & BABI $600-120 
480.00 
2,740.84 
Bil 
10/06/2016 
74967 
10/6/16 YOLAN CRIS 5750-150 
600.00 
3,340.84 
Bil 
10/06/2016 
74976 
10/6/16 AVI SAHARONI IMI DESIGN (
) LTD.... 
2.000.00 
5,340.84 
Bil 
10/07/2016 
74978 
10/7/16 REEM ACRA BRIDAL $1000-200 
800.00 
6,140.84 
Bil 
10/07/2016 
74979 
10/7/16 JLM COUTURE 5900-180 
720.00 
6,860.84 
Bil 
10/09/2016 
75023 
10/9/16 ALON LIVNE 51000-200 
800.00 
7,660.84 
Bil 
10/09/2016 
75025 
10/9/16 IDAN COHEN LTD. $700-140 
560.00 
8,220.84 
Bil 
10/10/2016 
75035 
10/10/16 JOANNA AUGUST 5400-80 
320.00 
8,540.84 
Bil 
10/11/2016 
75050 
10/11/16 JLM COTURE 52375-475 
1,900.00 
10,440.84 
Credit 
10/12/2016 
0000130 
COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-85.00 
10,355.84 
Bil 
10/13/2016 
75078 
10/13116 JLM COUTURE 52500-500 
2,000.00 
12,355.84 
Credit 
10/1812016 
MODEL'S CASH ADVANCE 
-100.00 
12,255.84 
Credit 
11/02/2016 
2225 
VISA FILING FEE: CHECK # 2225 
-325.00 
11,930.84 
Credit 
11/02/2016 
2226 
PREMIUM PROCESSING FEE: CHECK # 2226 
-1,225.00 
10,705.84 
Credit 
11/02/2016 
2227 
LAWYER FEE: ISABEL M. HIDROBO 
-1,800.00 
8,905.84 
Credit 
12/31/2016 
CLIENT GIFTS 
-15.00 
8,890.84 
Credit 
12/31/2016 
MESSENGER FEE 
-15.00 
8,875.84 
Credit 
01/13/2017 
AIRFARE: FIRST IN SERVICE (MILAN/NY/MILAN) 
-594.66 
8,281.18 
Credit 
01/27/2017 
0000139 
COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-35.00 
8,246.18 
Credit 
01/30/2017 
MODEL'S CASH ADVANCE 
-80.00 
8,166.18 
Credit 
01/31/2017 
•SS17 
200 SHOW CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-225.00 
7,941.18 
Bil 
02/06/2017 
76119 
2/6/17 PALMER SCHWARTZ AGENCY 5300-60 
240.00 
8,181.18 
Credit 
02107/2017 
MODEL'S CASH ADVANCE 
-80.00 
8,101.18 
Bil 
02/09/2017 
76248 
2/9/17 CHRISTIAN COWAN 5250-50 
200.00 
8,301.18 
Bil 
02/10/2017 
76300 
2/10/17 PAMELLA ROLAND 51000-200 
800.00 
9,101.18 
Bil 
02/10/2017 
76194 
2/10/17 TAEKO 5300-60 
240.00 
9,341.18 
Bil 
02/11/2017 
76349 
2/11/17 FRANCESCA LIBERATORE SRLS $500.100 
320.00 
9,661.18 
Bil 
02/12/2017 
76413 
2/12117 LEANNE MARSHALL $400.80 
320.00 
9,981.18 
Bil Pmt -Check 
02113/2017 
2651 
-1,477.84 
8,503.34 
Bil 
02/13/2017 
76448 
2/13117 VERONICA BEARD SHOWROOM S800-160 
640.00 
9,143.34 
Bil 
02/14/2017 
76529 
2/14/17 A. CICOGNANI COMMUNICATIONS 5750-150 
600.00 
9,743.34 
Bil 
02/14/2017 
76546 
2/14117 NATORI 51200-240 
960.00 
10,703.34 
Bil 
02/15/2017 
76564 
2/15/17 BIBHU MOTHAPATRA 5300-60 
240.00 
10,943.34 
Bil 
02/15/2017 
76579 
2/15/17 Scout Enterprises NY LLC 5240-48 
192.00 
11,135.34 
Credit 
02/1612017 
AIRFARE: FIRST IN SERVICE(NEWYORK/MILAN) 
-300.00 
10,835.34 
Bil 
02/1812017 
76674 
2/18/17 JOANNA MASTROIANNI 5250.50 
200.00 
11,035.34 
Credit 
02/21/2017 
TEST: ALANNA GILBERT 
-200.00 
10,835.34 
Credit 
02/21/2017 
0000142 
COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-90.00 
10,745.34 
Credit 
02/21/2017 
0000142 
100 COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-125.00 
10,620.34 
Credit 
02/21/2017 
0000141 
COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-65.00 
10,555.34 
Bill Pmt -Check 
02/22/2017 
2728 
10/13116 JLM COUTURE 52500-500 
-2,000.00 
8,555.34 
Bill Pmt -Check 
0312312017 
2840 
-2,103.34 
6,452.00 
Bill 
04/02/2017 
77123 
4/2/17 DESIGNOW 5200-40 
160.00 
6,612.00 
Bill 
04/03/2017 
77138 
4/3/17 LAKUM INC. $400-80 
320.00 
6,932.00 
Bill Pmt -Check 
04/21/2017 
2982 
-1,032.00 
5,900.00 
Total 
5,900.00 
5,900.00 
TOTAL 
5,900.00 
5,900.00 
Page 1 
EFTA00808495

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808496.pdf
----------------------------------------
MAJOR MODEL MANAGEMENT,INC. 
07/25/17 
Vendor Balance Detail 
All Transactions 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Memo 
Amount 
Credit 
09/22/2016 
YEARLY WEBSITE FEE 
-450.00 
Bill 
09/28/2016 
75066 
9/28/16 GIORGIO ARMANI CORPORATION S800-160 
640.00 
Bill 
09/28/2016 
74881 
9/28/16 JOANNA MASTROIANNI $300-60 
240.00 
Credit 
10/03/2016 
0000129 
COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-42.50 
Bil 
10/03/2016 
74936 
1013116 FERNANDO FORERO STUDIOS CORP $1666.67-333.33 
1.333.34 
Bil 
10/04/2016 
74946 
1014116 AVI SAHARONI M 
DESIGN 
LTD. $300-60 
240.00 
Bil 
10/05/2016 
74954 
10/5/16 YOLAN CRIS $300-60 
240.00 
Bil 
10/05/2016 
74959 
10/5/16 SACHIN & BABI $600-120 
480.00 
Bil 
10/06/2016 
74967 
10/6/16 YOLAN CRIS $750-150 
600.00 
Bil 
10/06/2016 
74976 
10/6/16 AVI SAHARONI IMI DESIGN (
) LTD. $2500-500 
2.000.00 
Bil 
10/07/2016 
74978 
10/7/16 REEM ACRA BRIDAL $1000-200 
800.00 
Bil 
10/07/2016 
74979 
1017/16 JLM COUTURE $900-180 
720.00 
Bil 
10/09/2016 
75023 
10/9/16 ALON LIVNE $1000-200 
800.00 
Bil 
10/09/2016 
75025 
10/9/16 IDAN COHEN LTD. $700-140 
560.00 
Bil 
10/10/2016 
75035 
10/10/16 JOANNA AUGUST $400-80 
320.00 
Bil 
10/11/2016 
75050 
10/11/16 JLM COTURE $2375-475 
1.900.00 
Credit 
10/12/2016 
0000130 
COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-85.00 
Bill 
10/13/2016 
75078 
10/13/16 JLM COUTURE $2500-500 
2.000.00 
Credit 
10/18/2016 
MODEL'S CASH ADVANCE 
-100.00 
Credit 
11/02/2016 
2225 
VISA FILING FEE: CHECK # 2225 
-325.00 
Credit 
11/02/2016 
2226 
PREMIUM PROCESSING FEE: CHECK # 2226 
-1.225.00 
Credit 
11/02/2016 
2227 
LAWYER FEE: ISABEL M. HIDROBO 
-1.800.00 
Credit 
12/31/2016 
CLIENT GIFTS 
-15.00 
Credit 
12/31/2016 
MESSENGER FEE 
-15.00 
Credit 
01/13/2017 
AIRFARE: FIRST IN SERVICE (MILAN/NY/MILAN) 
-594.66 
Credit 
01/27/2017 
0000139 
COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-35.00 
Credit 
01/30/2017 
MODEL'S CASH ADVANCE 
-80.00 
Credit 
01/31/2017 
*SS17 
200 SHOW CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-225.00 
Bill 
02/06/2017 
76119 
2/6/17 PALMER SCHWARTZ AGENCY $300-60 
240.00 
Credit 
02/07/2017 
MODEL'S CASH ADVANCE 
-80.00 
Bil 
02/09/2017 
76248 
2/9/17 CHRISTIAN COWAN $250-50 
200.00 
Bil 
02/10/2017 
76300 
2/10/17 PAMELLA ROLAND $1000-200 
800.00 
Bil 
02/10/2017 
76194 
2/10/17 TAEKO 5300-60 
240.00 
Bil 
02/11/2017 
76349 
2/11/17 FRANCESCA LIBERATORE SRLS $500-100 
320.00 
Bil 
02/12/2017 
76413 
2/12/17 LEANNE MARSHALL $400-80 
320.00 
Bil Pmt -Check 
02/13/2017 
2651 
-1.477.84 
Bil 
02/13/2017 
76448 
2/13/17 VERONICA BEARD SHOWROOM $800-160 
640.00 
Bil 
02/14/2017 
76529 
2/14/17 A. CICOGNANI COMMUNICATIONS $750-150 
600.00 
Bil 
02/14/2017 
76546 
2/14/17 NATORI $1200-240 
960.00 
Bil 
02/14/2017 
76191 
2/14/17 CHICCA LAULDI $400-80 
320.00 
Bil 
02/15/2017 
76564 
2/15/17 BIBHU MOTHAPATRA $300.60 
240.00 
Bil 
02/15/2017 
76579 
2/15/17 Scout Enterprises NY LLC $240-48 
192.00 
Credit 
02/16/2017 
AIRFARE: FIRST IN SERVICE(NEWYORK/MILAN) 
-300.00 
Bill 
02/18/2017 
76674 
2/18/17 JOANNA MASTROIANNI $250-50 
200.00 
Credit 
02/21/2017 
TEST: ALANNA GILBERT 
-200.00 
Credit 
02/21/2017 
0000142 
COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-90.00 
Credit 
02/21/2017 
0000142 
100 COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-125.00 
Credit 
02/21/2017 
0000141 
COMP CARDS: WILHELMINA INTERNATIONAL 
-65.00 
Page 1 
EFTA00808496
--- PAGE 2 ---
MAJOR MODEL MANAGEMENT,INC. 
07/25/17 
Vendor Balance Detail 
All Transactions 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Memo 
Amount 
Bi Pmt -Check 
02/22/2017 
2728 
10/13/16 JLM COUTURE $2500-500 
-2.000.00 
Bi Pmt -Check 
03/23/2017 
2840 
-2.103.34 
Bi 
04/02/2017 
77123 
4/2/17 DESIGNOW $20040 
160.00 
Bi 
04/03/2017 
77138 
4/3/17 LAKUM INC. $400-80 
320.00 
Bi 
04/07/2017 
77178 
4/7/17 MICHAEL KORS $675-135 
540.00 
Bi 
04/18/2017 
77244 
4/18/17 REEM BRIDALS LLC $750-150 
600.00 
Bi 
04/18/2017 
77262 
4/18/17 STUDIO MIRA ZWILLINGER $416.67-83.33 
333.34 
Bi 
04/19/2017 
77305 
4/19/17 SACHIN & BABI $500-100 
400.00 
Bi 
04/20/2017 
77309 
4/20/17 LELA ROSE $750-150 
600.00 
Bi 
04/20/2017 
77310 
4/20/17 STUDIO MIRA ZWILLINGER $1000-200 
800.00 
Bi 
04/20/2017 
77350 
4/20/17 ROMONA KEVEZA COLLECTION $1000-200 
800.00 
Bi Pmt -Check 
04/21/2017 
2982 
-1.032.00 
Bi 
04/21/2017 
77330 
4/21/17 JLM COUTURE $1000-200 
800.00 
Bi 
04/23/2017 
77345 
4/22-23/17 GALIA LAHAV INTERNATIONAL LTD $2300-460 
1.840.00 
Bi 
04/25/2017 
77367 
4/25/17 JOANNA AUGUST $400-80 
320.00 
Bi Pmt -Check 
04/26/2017 
3028 
-760.00 
Bi 
04/30/2017 
77477 
4/12-13/17 STAFF USA $600-120 
480.00 
Bi 
05/04/2017 
77448 
5/1/17 + 5/4/17 JUDITH RICE & ASSOCIATES. LTD. $1350-270 
1.080.00 
Bi 
05/05/2017 
77451 
5/1-3/17 + 5/5/17 NATORI $3200-640 
2.560.00 
Bi Pmt -Check 
05/17/2017 
3116 
-1.280.00 
Bi 
05/31/2017 
77626 
5/31/17 VERONICA BEARD SHOWROOM $500-100 
400.00 
Bi Pmt -Check 
06/01/2017 
3222 
-2.573.34 
Bi Pmt -Check 
06/07/2017 
3256 
-2.440.00 
Bi Pmt -Check 
06/22/2017 
3332 
-880.00 
Bi Pmt -Check 
07/07/2017 
ACH 
5/31/17 VERONICA BEARD SHOWROOM $500-100 
-400.00 
Total'
9.380.00 
TOTAL 
9,380.00 
Page 2 
EFTA00808497

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808498.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 67601688 E-Filed 02/06/2018 05:33:40 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
M., individually, 
Defendant, 
REOUESTS FOR ADMISSION TO COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, by and through undersigned counsel, hereby 
propounds the following Requests for Admission pursuant to Rule 1.370 Florida Rules of Civil 
Procedure, requesting that Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, admit the truth of the facts set forth 
as follows: 
1. 
The printout of your New York State Sex Offender registration page attached hereto 
as Exhibit 'A' is authentic. 
2. 
The information contained in the printout of your New York State Sex Offender 
registration page attached hereto as Exhibit `A' is accurate. 
EFTA00808498
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Leave to Propound Limited Requests for Admission 
Page 2 of 3 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 6ih day of February, 2018. 
/s/ David P. Titath Jr.  
JACK SCAROLA 
Florida Bar No.: 169440 
DAVID P. VITALE JR. 
Florida Bar No.: 115179 
Attorne E-Mail(s): 
and 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorney for Bradley Edwards 
EFTA00808499
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Leave to Propound Limited Requests for Admission 
Page 3 of 3 
COUNSEL LIST 
Bradle J. Edwards, Es uire 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldber er, Es.uire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Se al, Es.uire 
• 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-721-0400 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Scott J. Link, E 
Link & Rockenbach, 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 
301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Es uire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00808500
--- PAGE 4 ---
2/6/2018 
EXHIBIT A 
OneNote Online 
th s notebook 
Sex Offender Details Page - NY DOS 
Tuesday, February 6. 2018 11:24 AM 
Clipped from: ritto://www.rriminaliustice.nv.ciov/SomsSUBDirectorvioffenderDetails.iso7offenderid=33716elangeFR 
Services 
News 
Government 
Local 
O. Search 
Location 
Translate 
Division of Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offenders 
Missing Persons 
Community Resources 
Law Enforcement 
Newsroom 
Reference 
Statistics 
Anyone tato uses [Ns Information to injure. harass or convNt a criminal act against any person may be subject to criminal 
prosecution 
Domiciled 
Offender Id 
33216 
Race 
white 
Last Name 
EPSTEIN 
Ethnicity 
Unknotvn 
First Name 
;EFFREY 
Height 
6' 00' 
Middle Name 
E 
weight 
180 
DOB 
Jan 20.1953 
Hair 
Gray 
Sex 
Male 
Eyes 
Bore 
Risk Level 
Corr. Lens 
Designation 
No Designaton Applies 
Photo Date 
April 13. 2017 
Current Addresses 
Type 
RES (Pnrnary) 
County 
Address 
LITTLE ST JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 
ST THOMAS. Virgin Islands 00802 
Type 
RES (Secondary) 
County 
Address 
358 EL BRILL° WAY 
PALM BEACH. Florida 33480 
Type 
RES (Secondary) 
County 
Address 
GREAT ST JAMES 
Virgin islands 
Type 
RES (Secondary) 
Country 
France 
Address 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
AVENUE FOCH APT 2DD 
PARIS 75116 
PRANCE 
More Photos 
View on Map 
View on Map 
View on Map 
View on Map 
Reocation Alerts Sign Up 
Employteniolunleert 
Camp Searches 
Disclaimer 
FAO, 
Information tor Victims 
Legal Information 
Myths and Fat is 
Offender Counts by 
County 
Resource Links 
Trareng 
:ivii managoem•nt 
FAGS 
Flow Chart (pdf) 
Lex (NI) 
Contact Registry/050M 
https://searcylawfirm-my.sharepoint.comtoldpersonaticrodgers_searcylaw_com/_layouts/15NVopiFrame.aspx?sourcedoc.%7BE354ADA2-5BCB-124... 
1/4 
EFTA00808501
--- PAGE 5 ---
2/612018 
OneNote Online 
Type 
RES (Secondary) 
County 
New York 
Address 
E 71ST ST 
NEW YORK. flew York 10021-4102 
Type 
RES (Secondary) 
County 
Address 
a9 ZORRO RANCH RO 
STANLEY. New Mexic0 67056 
Type 
EMP (Primary) 
County 
Address 
6100 RED HOCAC QUARTER 
ST THOMAS. Virgin Islands 00802 
View on Map 
VH'6./ ion !.tip 
Map 
Law Enforcement Agency Having Jurisdiction pal 
Virgin Islands Dept of Justice - Sex Offender Registry 
Current Conviction 
Title 
Section 
Subsection 
Class 
Category 
Counts 
Description 
OUT 
000000000 
000000 
U 
F 
Non-OWS Felony Sex Offense 
Date of Crime 
July 23. 2006 
Date Convicted 
June 30.2008 
Victim Sex/Age 
Female. 14 Years 
Female. 16 Years 
Female. UnIcnown 
Arresting Agency 
Florida Dept of Law Enforcement - Sex Offender Registry 
Offense Descriptions 
Sexual Intercourse 
Deviate Soma! Intercourse 
Sexual Contact 
Relationship to Victim 
None Reported 
Weapon Used 
None Reported 
Force Used 
Des unknoen 
Computer Used 
None Reported 
Pornography involved 
None Reported 
Sentence 
Probation 6 Months) Term. Time Served Unspecified 
Previous Conviction(*) Requiring Registration 
None Reported 
Supervising Agency Information 
None Reported 
Special Conditions of Supervision 
None Reported 
Maximum Expiration Date/Post Release Supervision Date of Sentence: 
None Reported 
Scars, Marks & Tattoos 
None Reported 
Additional Names/Allases 
EPSTEIN JEFFREY . EDWARD 
Current Vehicles 
Lic. Plate No. 
State 
Year 
MakelModel 
Color 
HJOK55 
Florida 
2018 
Chevrolet Suburban Black 
2/4 
EFTA00808502
--- PAGE 6 ---
2/6/2018 
V13245C 
Virgin islands 
1955 
OneNote Online 
ti212JE 
New York 
2007 
Gulf 
V15890TC 
Virgin Islands 
2011 
Stream Unknown 
IAAA32 
Florida 
2017 
Chevrolel Express Black 
HSU5212 
New York 
2017 
Bentley taulsanne 
35481C 
Virgin isianOS 
1989 
HIGK55 
Honda 
2016 
Chevrolet Suburban Black 
Y57AYH 
Florida 
2015 
General Motor 
Black 
Corp Yukon 
tiHL381 
New Mexico 
2012 
Cadillac Escalade 
Black 
35481C 
Virgin islands 
1989 
NHL381 
New Mexico 
2012 
Cadillac Escalade 
Black 
Y57AYH 
Flon0a 
2015 
General Motor 
Black 
Corp Noah 
TEIN896 
virgin islands 
2010 
Chevrolet Suburban Black 
4772TC 
Virgin Islands 
2013 
HCP5713 
New York 
2015 
Chevrolet Suburban Black 
TET575 
Virgin islands 
2015 
General Motor 
Black 
Corp. Yukon 
tIAL159 
New Meow 
2015 
Chevrolet Suburban Black 
4641TC 
Virgin islands 
2012 
II I 20JE 
New York 
1988 
ti331JE 
2001 
522RZZ 
new Mexico 
2013 
Ford Expedition 
Black 
TEM492 
virgin islands 
2013 
Dodge Caravan 
Black 
ML0718 
New Mexico 
2008 
Land Rover Range Black 
Rover 
CF%643 
New Mexico 
2007 
Hummer Hummer II Black 
tailL552 
New Mexico 
2002 
Mercedes• 
Black 
Beni 500 Senes 
TED218 
Virgin Islands 
2010 
Oievrolet Suburban Black 
tt908JE 
Virgin Islands 
1968 
Aircraft Unknown 
25837C 
Virgin islands 
1968 
2907TC 
Virgin islands 
2008 
0730TC 
Vingm islands 
2006 
41051C 
Virgin Islands 
2011 
41061C 
Virgin islands 
2011 
27091C 
Virgin Islands 
1999 
Division of Criminal Justice Services 
Community 
Resources 
AMBER/Missing 
Child Alerts 
Access Your 
Criminal History 
Crime Victims 
Assistance 
Law Enforcement 
Accreditation 
Crime Reporting 
Fingerprint Services 
Forensic Science I 
DNA 
Forms 
Newsroom 
Reference 
Language 
Assistance 
Open Meetings / 
Criminal Justice 
WSW, 
Agency Directory 
Press Releases 
DCJS Employment 
contact Dea 
Drug Law Reform 
About OCJS 
Grants / Funding 
Legal Resources 
EspaAtol (Spanish) 
afb—: (Chinese) 
(Russian) 
Itallano (Italian) 
3/4 
EFTA00808503
--- PAGE 7 ---
2:612018 
OneNote Online 
Juno'. ausuc• 
Reform 
Office of Probation / 
Alternatives 
Sexual Offense Kits 
Police Training 
Re-entry Initiatives 
Security Guard 
Training 
f FACEBOOK 
(t) FLICKR 
CONNECT WITH US 
inseyAl ayisyen 
Publications I 
(Nattlan-Cools) 
Reports 
isoisiul—' (Korean) 
Technology 
Statistics 
V 
TWITTER 
YOUTUBE 
47:
YOTIC 
TAIT 
Agencies 
Services 
App Diredory 
Counties 
Events 
Programs 
https://searcylawfirm-my.sharepoint.comPo:/r/personal/cro 
layouts/15NVopframe.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BE354ADA2-5BCB-424... 
4/4 
EFTA00808504
--- PAGE 8 ---
283/2018 
OneNote Online 
a re 
Sex Offender Details Page - NY DCJS 
Tuesday, February 6, 2018 11:30 AM 
Clipped from: 
htto://www.criminaljustice.ny.gov/SomsSUBDirectory/ReCaotchaServlet? 
offenderld=33216&recaotcha challenge field=03AA7ASh0gM2WSKVxAFDfg 
nU0xvxfV3bR5cOFKu OxlIktIgWocIfYN8eCef25Vi2uZWjavbx6FZOPoOtOsVOa 
10M3124kfSloWeWWID6NxIN/02sOVxyx9ApFnKouLct4BQ1A5O8yidREThfislos 
NWH-sTeVH2lweXCP9dK8K73Irarx9wv-
decbaU3GaDMhtXTolUNXGDClesxbkEltsMObOckUrZvhSZDa&recaotcha rest' 
onse field=camo+kream&Submit=Search 
seers 
Nan 
Drisket of Ukninal hsticeSerrcr. 
Sea OMPSIN 
IIS/MaypheWM1/ 
CialleillOPWetilla 
tee telportelligi 
Ilanprenit 
OSlinel• 
Orlando. Ptah 
001•1014 
CM Phan 
X 
ai 
111 
EFTA00808505

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808506.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
Appellate Case No.: 4D18-0762 
Appellate Case No.: 4D18-0787 
LT Case No: 502009CA040800XXXXMB AG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner/Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Respondents/Defendants. 
REQUEST FOR ORAL ARGUMENT 
Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to Florida Rule of Appellate Procedure 
9.320, requests oral argument in the consolidated appeals (Case Nos. 4D18-0762 
and 4D18-0787) and as grounds states: 
Petitioner respectfully requests oral argument in his consolidated appeals 
from Judge Donald Hafele's March 8, 2018 rulings which resulted in two non-final 
orders, (1) granting Respondent Bradley J. Edwards' Motion for Separate Trials 
and (2) denying Petitioner's Motion to Remove Case from Trial Docket in Order to 
Comply with the Mandate in Rule 1.440. By the parties' stipulation and order of 
this Court, these two appeals were consolidated for panel purposes on March 16, 
2018. 
EFTA00808506
--- PAGE 2 ---
The consolidated appeals concern a violation of the mandatory language in 
Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.440 that requires a court to set an action for trial 
only when all claims and counterclaims are "at issue" and reported decisions from 
this Court and other appellate courts on the mandatory nature of the rule. See 
Labor Ready Se. Inc. v. Australian Warehouses Condo. Ass 'n, 962 So. 2d 1053 
(Fla. 4th DCA 2007)(brought on final appeal, not mandamus, and therefore Rule 
1.440 was "waived [by] the aggrieved party who appear[ed] at trial and raise[d] no 
objection to the noncompliance"); Genuine Pans Co. v. Parsons, 917 So. 2d 419, 
421 (Fla. 4th DCA 2006)(issuing a writ of mandamus to enforce strict toning of 
Rule 1.440(c)); Gawker Media, LLC v. Bollea, 170 So. 3d 125, 131 (Fla. 2d DCA 
2015)("[A] party is absolutely entitled to strict conformance with the terms of rule 
1.440, including its mandated fifty-day hiatus between the service of the last 
pleading and the trial date."); Bennett v. Conti Chemicals, Inc., 492 So. 2d 724, 
727 (Fla. 1st DCA 1986)(Rule 1.440 "exempts only cross-claims from the 
determination of when an action is at issue."). 
The issues raised in these consolidated appeals were created by Edwards' 
eleventh-hour misuse of Rule 1.440 in a maneuvering effort to achieve severance 
or bifurcation of his counterclaim from the original claim filed by Epstein. Oral 
argument would benefit this Court in reviewing why Edwards' tactical gambit 
EFTA00808507
--- PAGE 3 ---
should not be permitted to effect a violation of the mandatory requirements of Rule 
1.440 under these circumstances. 
Rule 9.320(b) specifically contemplates oral argument in proceedings 
commenced by the filing of the instant petitions for a Writ of Mandamus and a 
Writ of Certiorari. This Court should grant oral argument because it will provide 
the necessary opportunity to fully discuss the applicable law, case history, and 
interrelationship of the Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards claim with the Edwards 
v. Epstein malicious prosecution counterclaim (that was filed in the same action 
only days later in 2009). Oral argument is crucial to a proper understanding as to 
why this Court should issue the writs of mandamus and certiorari in order to 
preserve the mandatory nature of Rule 1.440 and to prohibit the kind of 
gamesmanship attempted here that, if permitted, would only serve to undermine 
the rule's requirements in the future. 
Petitioner respectfully requests that this Court allow twenty (20) minutes for 
each side to present argument or answer questions that the Court may have 
following review of the record and briefs in this appeal. 
CONCLUSION 
WHEREFORE, Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein, respectfully requests that this 
Court grant oral argument on the consolidated petitions for extraordinary relief 
EFTA00808508
--- PAGE 4 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of this request was 
furnished via email this 19th day of March, 2018, to the following: 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & 
Shipley, 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter- 
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
VIA U.S. MAIL 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant Jed 
E , stein 
EFTA00808509
--- PAGE 5 ---
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
By: 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Rachel Jenn Glasser FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
[fax] 
Counsel for Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00808510

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808511.pdf
----------------------------------------
BIOIMPACT, INC. 
P.O. BOX 132 KINGSHILL 
ST. CROIX, U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 00851 
September 14, 2018 
Jonathan Pempek 
U. S. Army Corps of Engineer 
Re: Great and Little St. James 
Dear Jonathon; 
First we would like to thank you for your help in resolving these issues. We have addressed each 
of the non-compliance issues raised in relationship to the islands of Little St. James and Great St. 
James. 
As per your email of Apri113, 2018 
Great St. James Wetland 
We have removed the fill landward of the mangrove fringe working waterward and landward on 
Great St. James. 
The fill has been removed from the wetland area and white mangrove seeds have been being spread 
in the wetland and seedlings are beginning to sprout. 
The roadway to the southern landing site was elevated during the flooding associated with 
hurricanes Irma and Maria and the subsequent heavy rains. The elevating of the roadway resulted 
in fill being placed into the edge of the wetland and into the low lying area adjacent to it. 
Fill has been pulled back from the southern side of the wetland and the edges of the wetland and 
low-lying area and stabilized with riprap. Large boulders covered with filter fabric have been 
placed beneath the roadway to allow the flow of water to and from the wetland. During periods 
of high seas water flows over the shoreline to the north and flows across the neck of the peninsula 
in to the saltpond. This function has been restored. 
White mangrove seeds have been scattered in the pond and seedling are being to grow. These 
will be monitored and a report will be sent to the US Army Corps showing the survival of 20 
mangroves in April of 2019. 
EFTA00808511
--- PAGE 2 ---
/-
Areas of wetland Encroachment. The wetland is shown in green and the areas of wetland 
encroachment are shown in red and the area fill into the drainage into the wetland is shown in 
blue. The wetland jurisdiction was approved by Jose Cedeno during the application process for a 
previous development project on the island. 
The fill material has been completely pulled out of the wetland and the ground restore to the 
proper elevation. 
EFTA00808512
--- PAGE 3 ---
The fill has all been removed. The recovery of the mangroves and vegetation since the storm is 
evident in June of 2018.  
Before and after hurricanes Irma and Maria. 
Now that the fill has been removed it no longer extends into the jurisdictional wetland. 
A new application is attached which documents the emergency ramps, the removal of one and the 
request to keep the other until such time the proposed barge ramp can be built. The EAR also 
discusses the wetland encroachment, removal and remediation. The additions are shown in blue 
text. 
An updated survey has been made of the shoreline of little St. James as well as photographs of 
the riprap in its current configurations. 
EFTA00808513
--- PAGE 4 ---
Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns. We look forward to the resolutions of 
these matters. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Amy Claire Dempsey, M. 
President, Bioimpact, Inc. 
EFTA00808514

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808515.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner, 
-VS-
SCOTT 
individually, 
Intervenors.' 
ROTHSTEIN, 
BRADLEY 
J. 
individually, and 
and JANE DOE, 
Respondents 
CASE NO. 4D18-0762 
RESPONSE TO EMERGENCY PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
SEARCY DENNY SCAROLA 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
and 
BURLINGTON & ROCICENBACH, P.A. 
444 West Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Attorneys for Res ondents 
' Petitioner did not include 
, 
or Jane Doe in the caption of the Petition, 
however, they have been granted leave to appear in the trial court as Intervenor. 
i 
EFTA00808515
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PAGE 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ii 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
THE WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
1-3 
STATEMENT OF CASE AND FACTS 
4-11 
Background Facts 
Epstein Attempts to Intimidate His Victims by Filing Suit Against and 
5-11 
Retaliates Against their Lawyer 
ARGUMENT 
12-26 
EPSTEIN'S PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
SHOULD BE DENIED BECAUSE EPSTEIN WAITED 
UNTIL THE EVE OF TRIAL, MORE THAN TEN 
MONTHS AFTER THE CASE HAD BEEN SET FOR 
TRIAL, TO SEEK TO ENFORCE RULE 1.440. 
A. 
The Equitable Principles Compel Denial of the Petition 
12-14 
B. 
Granting Relief Here Would be Unprecedented and Contrary to 
the Purposes of the Rule 
14-15 
C. 
Epstein Waived the Right to Rely on Rule 1.440 
16-25 
D. 
Edwards' Claim Against Epstein is Separate and Distinct from 25-26 
Epstein's Claim Against Rothstein 
CONCLUSION 
CERTIFICATE OF TYPE SIZE & STYLE 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
ii 
EFTA00808516
--- PAGE 3 ---
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
CASES 
PAGE 
Abrams v. Paul, 
453 So.2d 826 (Fla. 1st DCA 1984) 
Alamo Rent-A-Car v. Mancusi, 
632 So.2d 1352 (Fla. 1994) 
Bennett v. Continental Chemicals, Inc., 
492 So.2d 724 (Fla. 1st DCA 1986) 
Campbell v. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
204 So.3d 476 (Fla. 4th DCA 2016) 
Gawker Media, LLC v. Bollea 
20, 21, 22 
170 So.3d 125 (Fla. 2d DCA 2015) 
Grossman v. Fla. Power & Light Co., 
570 So.2d 992 (Fla. 2d DCA 1990) 
Haft v. Adams, 
238 So.2d 843 (Fla.1970) 
HSBC Bank USA, N.A. v. Serban, 
14, 18, 19, 20 
148 So.3d 1287 (Fla. 1st DCA 2014) 
Jane Doe No. 1, et al. v. United States, 
749 F.3d 999 (11th Cir. 2014) 
Labor Ready Se. Inc. v. Australian Warehouses Condo. ffi, 
14, 16, 17 
962 So.2d 1053 (Fla. 4th DCA 2007) 
Parrish v. Dougherty, 
505 So.2d 646 (Fla. 1st DCA 1987) 
Pleus v. Crist, 
So.3d 941 (Fla.2009) 
Poole v. City of Port Orange, 
So.3d 739 (Fla. 5th DCA 2010) 
iii 
EFTA00808517
--- PAGE 4 ---
Sica v. Singletarv, 
714 So.2d 1111 (Fla. 2d DCA 1998) 
State ex rel. Robert L. Turchin, Inc. v. Herin, 
So.2d 578 (Fla. 1957) 
Sturdivant v. Blanchard, 
422 So.2d 1028 (Fla. 1st DCA 1982) 
Ticktin v. Kearin, 
807 So.2d 659 (Fla. 3d DCA 2001) 
Trak v. Microwave Corp. v. Medaris Management, Inc., 
236 So.2d 189 (Fla. 4th DCA 1970) 
Turner Construction Co. v. ENF Contractors, Inc., 
939 So.2d 1108 (Fla. 3d DCA 2003) 
RULES 
Rule 1.440, Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 
17, 18, 19, 20, 21 
Rule 1.500(a), Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 
15, 19 
iv 
EFTA00808518
--- PAGE 5 ---
THE WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
"Mandamus is a narrow, extraordinary writ used to coerce an official to 
perform a clear legal duty." Campbell v. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., 204 So.3d 476, 
479 (Ha. 4th DCA 2016)(citing Sica v. Singletary, 714 So.2d 1111, 1112 (Fla. 2d 
DCA 1998)). "To state a cause of action for mandamus, a party must allege a clear 
legal right to performance of the act requested, an indisputable legal duty, and the 
lack of an adequate remedy at law." Poole v. City of Port Orange, 33 So.3d 739, 741 
(Fla. 5th DCA 2010). 
Additionally, mandamus "is a discretionary writ that is awarded, not as a 
matter of right, but in the exercise of a sound judicial discretion and 
upon equitable principles." Campbell, 204 So.3d at 479 (quoting Haft v. 
Adams, 238 So.2d 843, 844 (Fla.1970))(emphasis added). "If the issuance of the writ 
will not promote substantial justice or would lend aid to the effectuation of a palpable 
injustice, the court may, in the exercise of its discretion, decline to grant the writ." 
State ex rel. Robert L. Turchin, Inc. v. Herin, 99 So.2d 578, 581 (Fla. 1957). 
The trial court summarized the inequitable nature of Epstein's request to 
remove the case from the trial docket. The court first noted that the only reason the 
case was allegedly not at issue was Epstein 's failure, over more than six years, to 
seek a default against Rothstein: 
EFTA00808519
--- PAGE 6 ---
It would seem to me that you are essentially creating the error 
yourselves by not doing due diligence. 
(App. 19, p.198). 
The court later expressed the inequity in more concrete terms: 
[I]t seems to me to be highly inequitable — and I understand your 
argument is legal in nature — but highly inequitable to come before the 
court and suggest that by way of dilatory conduct on the part of the 
Epstein trial team in not securing the technicality that we are 
speaking about, and that is a default against an individual who will 
remain in prison for the rest of his life. Who is, to my knowledge, 
based anecdotally, only based on anecdotal evidence, is penniless and 
has been disgorged of any assets that he has and that his family has, 
that somehow because of this technicality we're caused to put this 
case back and not try the case after, again, an inordinate amount 
of time and expense, which is in essence taxpayer money, of which 
this Court has been and continues to be a steward of those expenses and 
time. 
Again, coupled with the fact that it was represented to this Court that 
there would be no further delays and that the case would be ready to 
try. That tells me and that represents to me, that counsel has done their 
due diligence. 
Part of [Epstein's November 2017 Motion to Continue] said, "We have 
heard the Court loud and clear, now we" — Link and Rockenbach — "are 
on the case, with support from the Gunster firm, and we will not allow 
the same type of conduct that transpired earlier, which the Court was 
critical of, [to] happen again." 
That pledge to this Court means something to this Court. That means 
that the docket has been assiduously reviewed, and that everything 
else, short of gearing up for trial on the substantive issues that are 
before this forum, have been resolved, rectified, and that certainly 
we are not going to be reaching back seven years on a technicality 
to somehow thwart the efforts of the Court in trying to move 
forward on behalf of both sides to resolve a case that has drawn 
significant amount of public interest and that has been pending for 
EFTA00808520
--- PAGE 7 ---
... nine years is too simple. Three thousand and thirteen days, as of 
today. 
(App.19, pp.202-04)(emphasis added). 
The factual predicate for the trial court's statement will be discussed further 
below. It will be clear to this Court that the trial court's conclusions were correct and 
justified based upon the facts of this case, and that the manifest inequities compel 
denial of the request for mandamus relief. 
EFTA00808521
--- PAGE 8 ---
STATEMENT OF THE CASE AND FACTS 
Background Facts 
In 2008, billionaire Jeffrey Epstein plead guilty to a state felony charge 
involving the solicitation of prostitution and the procurement of minors to engage in 
prostitution and further agreed to be registered as a sex offender (App.13, p.133). 
Bradley Edwards ("Edwards") is a civil attorney who represented multiple victims 
of Epstein's serial abuse of children. Edwards filed three civil actions against Epstein 
in state court alleging sexual assault and battery (App.13, p.134). Edwards also filed 
a federal action on his client's behalf under the Federal Crime Victim's Rights Act 
challenging the extraordinary plea deal Epstein entered into with the federal 
government. See Jane Doe No. I, et at v. United States, 749 F.3d 999, 1002 (11th 
Cir. 2014).2 Edwards has continued for 10 years to prosecute that action in which 
Epstein is an Intervenor. 
Epstein agreed to plead guilty to two state charges and serve 18 months in county 
jail in exchange for immunity from federal prosecution on felony charges arising out 
of the molestation of approximately 40 identified child victims as young as 13 years 
of age. (Res.App. 1, pp.4-17). Incredibly, the plea bargain also immunized all of 
Epstein's unnamed co-conspirators for all of their unidentified crimes. Id. Evidence 
implicates multiple high-profile associates of Epstein as beneficiaries of this 
immunity. Id. 
EFTA00808522
--- PAGE 9 ---
Epstein Attempts to Intimidate His Victims by Filing Suit Against and 
Retaliates Against their Lawyer 
On December 7, 2009, while Edwards was pursuing the cases noted above on 
behalf of his clients, Epstein filed the original Complaint here against Edwards, Scott 
Rothstein ("Rothstein"), and one of Edwards' clients, designated as ".." 
(App. 
1). The gravamen of the Complaint was that after Edwards had filed those cases 
against Epstein, he had briefly joined the law firm of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & Adler, 
P.A. ("RRA"), which subsequently imploded after Rothstein was charged with (and 
later pled guilty to), operating a Ponzi scheme (App.1). Rothstein's Ponzi scheme 
involved, inter alia, the assignment of rights to purported settlement agreements in 
civil actions, including a fabricated $200 million settlement of non-existent claims, 
brought against Epstein (App.1). Essentially, Epstein's Complaint claimed that 
Rothstein, Edwards and 
defrauded him and engaged in criminal conduct, as 
well as abuse of process, by grossly exaggerating the value of the three real claims 
against him (App.1). While reciting in detail the misconduct of Rothstein which had 
become public knowledge, Epstein's Complaint alleged that Edwards and 
were 
knowing participants in the Ponzi scheme (App.1). Epstein's Complaint did not deny 
his own extensive criminal culpability or claim that Epstein had any knowledge of 
the Ponzi scheme before its public disclosure. 
EFTA00808523
--- PAGE 10 ---
Edwards Answered the Complaint, denying its material allegations (App.2). 
Edwards included a counterclaim against Epstein initially alleging abuse of process 
(App.2, pp.53-56). On the eve of a hearing on Edwards's meticulously detailed and 
unopposed motion for summary judgment, Epstein dismissed his claims against 
Edwards (App.9, p.116). Having favorably disposed of Epstein's false claims against 
him, Edwards amended his counterclaim to include a malicious prosecution claim 
(App.3). Essentially, the malicious prosecution counterclaim alleged that Epstein 
had initiated his suit knowing that it had no reasonable factual basis, that Epstein 
intended to and did frustrate all discovery into the basis of his claims against 
Edwards by asserting his Fifth Amendment right to remain silent, that Epstein 
suffered no damage from a fraud he knew nothing about, and that Edwards's actions 
in furtherance of his clients' interests were both entirely proper and absolutely 
protected by the litigation privilege (App.3, pp.63-69). The counterclaim further 
alleged that the suit against Edwards was initiated for the sole purpose of harming 
and intimidating Edwards, and interfering with his ability to represent his clients in 
both the ongoing civil actions against Epstein and the pro bono Crime Victim's case 
that posed a serious threat to Epstein's sweetheart immunity deal (App.3, pp.63-69). 
Edwards alleged the lawsuit was a vehicle for Epstein to make false statements 
harmful to Edwards' reputation, professional standing, and his ability to effectively 
represent his clients (App.3, pp.63-69). 
EFTA00808524
--- PAGE 11 ---
The following is a timeline of subsequent relevant proceedings: 
January 21, 2010 
Epstein obtains default against Rothstein as to the original 
Complaint (App.4). 
February 17, 2010 Epstein, through counsel, moves to set-aside the default, 
which motion is never ruled upon (Res.App. 4, pp.34-36).3
April 13, 2011 
Epstein files his First Amended Complaint (App.6) and never 
moves to default Rothstein. 
August 22, 2011 
Epstein filed the Second Amended Complaint (App.8) which 
included a claim against Edwards for abuse of process and a 
claim against Rothstein for conspiracy to commit abuse of 
process (App. 8, 100-14). Rothstein never answered the 
Second Amended Complaint. Epstein never moved to default 
Rothstein. 
August 16, 2012 
Epstein voluntarily dismisses his claim against Edwards 
(App.9, p.116). 
January 9, 2013 
Edwards amends his Counterclaim against Epstein — the 
Counterclaim currently at issue (App.3). 
June 
2014-June 
2017 
Trial court proceedings are stayed pending the disposition of 
appellate proceedings that eventually confirm the viability of 
Edwards's claim for malicious prosecution. 
May 24, 2017 
Edwards notices the case for trial (App. 10, p.118). 
July 20, 2017 
The trial court set the case on the trial docket for the period 
beginning December 5, 2017 (App. 11, pp.122-27). Epstein 
did not object and, in fact, participated in all pre-trial 
proceedings. 
Citations to the Appendix to the Response to the Emergency Petition for Writ of 
Mandamus are as follows: (Res.App.[document it], p.[page#]). 
EFTA00808525
--- PAGE 12 ---
On November 1, 2017, with the December trial date rapidly approaching, 
despite having been continuously represented by a host of capable counsel, Epstein 
obtained new/additional counsel, Link & Rockenbach. (Res.App. 2, pp.18-20). New 
counsel for Epstein almost immediately sought a continuance of the upcoming trial 
date, despite the fact that it had been set for more than five months (Res.App. 3, 
pp.21-33). In the Motion for Continuance, Epstein's counsel stated that if granted, 
they would not seek another continuance and would be "ready to try the case in 90 
days." (Res.App. 3, p.23). On November 14, 2017, the trial court granted the motion 
and reset the case for March 13, 2018 (App. 12, pp.128-30). Epstein did not object. 
On March 1, 2018, Edwards moved to sever the trials of Edward's claim 
against Epstein and Epstein's claim against Rothstein (App. 14, pp. 145-50). The 
motion noted that while Rothstein has been represented by counsel in this action, he 
had not been actively defending the case (App.14, pp.145-46). He noted that 
Rothstein is currently serving a substantial federal prison sentence and has no 
collectible assets (App.14, p.146). He also noted the risk of substantial jury 
confusion if the same fact finders were obliged because of a default to accept 
allegations against Rothstein while those same allegations were being vigorously 
contested by Edwards (App.14, pp.147-48). The witnesses Epstein identified to 
EFTA00808526
--- PAGE 13 ---
testify in his case against Rothstein had no testimony which could be relevant to 
Epstein's claimed damages resulting from a Ponzi scheme in which he was not an 
investor (App.14, p.146). Edwards contended that Epstein only sought to prosecute 
the claim against Rothstein so that he could admit evidence at the trial without 
objection from Rothstein which would be inadmissible against Edwards, would 
prejudice Edwards, and would further confuse the jury (App.14, pp.146-48). 
Edwards later filed a supplement to his motion for separate trials in which he brought 
to the court's attention that Epstein had never obtained a default against Rothstein 
as to the sole claim against him in the Second Amended Complaint (App. 15). 
On March 5, 2018, ten months after Edwards noticed the case for trial and 
more than seven months after the trial court first set the case for trial, Epstein claimed 
for the first time that the case was not at issue because he failed to obtain a default 
against Rothstein (App. 16, pp.158-67). In his Motion to remove the case from the 
trial docket, Epstein argued that Rule 1.440 had to be strictly complied with and that 
failure to remove the case from the trial docket would be reversible error (App. 16, 
p.161). 
On March 8, a hearing was held on Epstein's motion to remove the case from 
the docket and Edwards's motion to separate the trials. As to the removal issue, the 
EFTA00808527
--- PAGE 14 ---
trial court noted that the issue could have and should have been brought to the court's 
attention by Epstein long before that hearing (App.19, pp.197-98). 
As to the severance issue, the court noted that Epstein's claim against 
Rothstein and Edwards's claim against Epstein were essentially unrelated at this 
point. (App.19, p.212). The court explained that the only connection between the 
two cases was that Edwards's case had its genesis in the fact that Epstein originally 
brought the claim against Edwards, Rothstein, and ■., 
and then voluntarily 
dismissed the claim [against Edwards] on the eve of summary judgment." (App.19, 
p.211-12). Indeed, the trial court explained "I have no recollection whatsoever of 
anything coming up during the approximate four years that I have presided over this 
case in division AG of anything whatsoever having to do with Mr. Epstein's 
prosecution of that one-count Complaint against Rothstein from that September 
2011 amended complaint." (App.19, pp.258-59). 
The court reasoned that there is no longer any legal relationship between 
Edwards's case against Epstein and the damages-only claim by Epstein against 
Rothstein. The court held that there would be no prejudice to Epstein in severing the 
cases (App.19, p.265) Finally, the court explained that there would be an "absolute 
danger of confusion relative to a jury's consideration of Edwards's case versus 
EFTA00808528
--- PAGE 15 ---
Epstein's case against Rothstein solely" if the cases were to be tried together 
(App.19, p.266) 
Thus, the trial court denied Epstein's motion to remove the case from the 
docket and granted Edwards's Motion to sever the two cases for trial (App.18, p.184; 
App.19, pp.265-67). The court held that it would try Edwards v. Epstein as scheduled 
on March 13, 2018 (App.19, p.257). As to the Rule 1.440 issue, the court found this 
Court's decision in Labor Ready to be controlling (App.19, pp.256-57). 
EFTA00808529
--- PAGE 16 ---
ARGUMENT
EPSTEIN'S PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
SHOULD BE DENIED BECAUSE EPSTEIN WAITED 
UNTIL THE EVE OF TRIAL, MORE THAN TEN 
MONTHS AFTER THE CASE HAD BEEN SET FOR 
TRIAL, TO SEEK TO ENFORCE RULE 1.440. 
A. 
The Equitable Principles Compel Denial of the Petition 
As discussed above, Epstein filed the Second Amended Complaint on August 
22, 2011. Rothstein never answered the complaint. Pursuant to Rule 1.500(a), 
Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, it was incumbent upon Epstein to seek a default 
against Rothstein and he could have done so at any time beginning in September 
2011. 
This case was noticed for trial on May 24, 2017, almost six years after the 
duty arose on Epstein's part to seek a default against Rothstein. Epstein could have 
objected to the case being set for trial arguing that it was not at issue pursuant to 
Rule 1.440. He did not do so. By order of July 24, 2017, the case was specially set 
for trial in December 2017. Epstein could have immediately, at that time, sought to 
have the case removed from the docket based upon Rule 1.440. He did not do so. 
Instead, Epstein waited until March 5, 2018 more than seven months after the case 
was set for trial to finally claim that the case was not at issue. It was based upon 
EFTA00808530
--- PAGE 17 ---
either: (1) the absolutely inexcusable failure to seek a default against Rothstein over 
a six-year period, or (2) a classic "gotcha" tactic that was held in reserve to delay the 
trial at the last minute. 
At the time Epstein finally decided to assert his Rule 1.440 argument, the case 
was just five business days from the start of trial. As the trial court noted at the 
hearing, the parties and the court had expended significant time and resources to 
ensure the case was ready to be tried on March 13. One hundred citizens of Palm 
Beach County had already been called to sit as potential jurors in the case. 
International travel had already been arranged for one of Edward's key witnesses. 
The prejudice to Edwards who has already waited nine years to clear his name was 
immense and solely because of Epstein's dilatory conduct in waiting over six years 
to move for a default against Rothstein. 
It would be indisputably inequitable for this Court to issue a writ of mandamus 
after Epstein sat on his hands and waited until the final hour before trial to assert his 
Rule 1.440 claim, for which he had no conceivable prejudice. Under well-established 
equitable principles, a party may be barred from asserting a right after waiting an 
"unreasonable and unexplained length of time, under circumstances prejudicial to 
the adverse party." Ticktin v. Kearin, 807 So.2d 659, 663 (Fla. 3d DCA 2001). Here, 
Epstein waited an unreasonable and unexplained length of time before asserting his 
EFTA00808531
--- PAGE 18 ---
Rule 1.440 challenge and then seeking a writ of mandamus. He has unclean hands, 
he unreasonably delayed (laches), he has no conceivable prejudice or violation of 
his rights; and the prejudice to the trial court, Edwards, and the public is obvious. 
For equitable reasons alone, the writ of mandamus should not issue. 
B. 
Granting Relief Here Would be Unprecedented and Contrary to the 
Purposes of the Rule 
Rule 1.440, Florida Rules of Civil Procedure provides, in relevant part: 
(a) When at Issue. An action is at issue after any motions directed to 
the last pleading served have been disposed of or, if no such motions 
are served, 20 days after service of the last pleading. ... The existence 
of crossclaims among the parties shall not prevent the court from setting 
the action for trial on the issues raised by the complaint, answer, and 
any answer to a counterclaim. 
(b) Notice for Trial. Thereafter any party may file and serve a notice 
that the action is at issue and ready to be set for trial. ... 
(c) Setting for Trial. If the court finds the action ready to be set for 
trial, it shall enter an order fixing a date for trial. Trial shall be set not 
less than 30 days from the service of the notice for trial. ... 
Thus, the rule provides that an action is at issue, in relevant part, 20 days after service 
of the last pleading, a notice for trial can be set once the case is at issue, and trial 
must be set at least 30 days from the service of the notice for trial. 
EFTA00808532
--- PAGE 19 ---
This Court has recognized that "[R]ule 1.440 was designed as a safeguard for 
procedural due process." Labor Ready Se. Inc. v. Australian Warehouses Condo. 
Ass'n, 962 So.2d 1053, 1055 (Fla. 4th DCA 2007)(citing Grossman v. Fla. Power & 
Light Co., 570 So.2d 992, 993 (Fla. 2d DCA 1990)). 
Here, no due process rights of Epstein are at issue. Only the due process rights 
of Rothstein could conceivably be impaired if this case proceeded to trial as to 
him(and the trial court protected those rights by granting a severance). Not a single 
case cited by Epstein involves a scenario where the party claiming the Rule 
1.440 violation was the party pursuing the affirmative claim that was at issue. 
To grant relief here to Epstein would be literally unprecedented, and would open a 
Pandora's Box of similar gamesmanship in future cases. 
Denial of relief here would be consistent with this Court's prior 
acknowledgment that strict compliance with the rule is not always required where 
due process concerns are not at issue. Id. "Rather, depending upon the 
circumstances, the mandatory provision of the rule may be waived." Id. at 1056; see 
also HSBC Bank USA, N.A. v. Serban, 148 So.3d 1287, 1291-92 (Fla. 1st DCA 
2014); Parrish v. Dougherty, 505 So.2d 646, 648 (Fla. 1st DCA 1987). 
EFTA00808533
--- PAGE 20 ---
C. 
Epstein Waived the Right to Rely on Rule 1.440 
Epstein has waived reliance on Rule 1.440. As discussed above, Epstein filed 
the Second Amended Complaint on August 22, 2011. Rothstein never answered the 
complaint. Pursuant to Rule 1.500(a), Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, it was 
incumbent upon Epstein to seek a default against Rothstein and he could have done 
so at any time. 
On May 24, 2017, Edwards noticed this case for trial. Epstein did not object. 
On July 24, 2017, the trial court set the case for trial for the period beginning on 
December 5, 2017. Epstein did not object. When Epstein moved for a continuance 
of the December 2017 trial date, he made no claim that the case was not at issue. 
Rather, he affirmatively assured the trial court that he would be ready for the trial to 
proceed in March. On November 14, 2017, the trial court reset the case to March 13, 
2018, on Epstein's request and with his arduous assurances that he would seek no 
further delay. 
On March 5, after having had more than six years to seek a default before the 
case was set for trial and almost 10 months after the case was noticed for trial, 
Epstein, for the first time, raised his 1.440 objection. At that belated date, it was too 
little too late. 
EFTA00808534
--- PAGE 21 ---
This case has been pending since 2009. Edwards noticed this case for trial 
almost 10 months ago. Epstein could have, and should have, made an objection 
based upon a violation of Rule 1.440 long before now. His failure to do so constitutes 
a waiver of the right to rely on the rule. 
This Court's decision in Labor Ready Se. Inc. v. Australian Warehouses 
Condo. MI, 962 So.2d 1053 (Ha. 4th DCA 2007) is controlling. There, the case 
was set for final hearing on April 17. On March 14, after the final hearing had already 
been set, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint. The defendants argued that the 
amendment prevented the cause from being at issue. The defendants filed responsive 
pleadings on March 28, 20 days prior to the scheduled trial. All parties fully 
participated in the final hearing without objection. No one argued they were not 
ready for trial, but simply argued a technical violation of rule 1.440. 
On appeal in Labor Ready, the defendants argued that the Rule 1.440 violation 
entitled them to a new hearing. This Court rejected the argument, noting that the 
defendants' due process rights had not been violated. Specifically, the court noted: 
• Both parties were prepared to go to trial 
• The parties had four years to prepare for trial 
• No one was prejudiced by the technical amendment to the complaint. 
• There was no ambush or violation of the procedural safeguards that 
Rule 1.440 was designed to protect. 
EFTA00808535
--- PAGE 22 ---
The court concluded that "[i]n situations where the parties have received actual, 
timely notice of the trial, they are precluded from arguing prejudice based upon a 
technical violation." Id. at 1055 (citing Abrams v. Paul, 453 So.2d 826, 829 (Fla. 1st 
DCA 1984)). 
Here, there is even less a basis to allow Epstein to rely upon a violation of 
Rule 1.440 than there was in Labor Ready. Here, this case has been pending for 
almost nine years. It has been almost six years since the second amended complaint 
was filed and more than five years since Edwards filed the currently pending 
counterclaim. As in Labor Ready, Epstein and Edwards have admitted they are both 
prepared to go to trial on March 13, as scheduled. In fact, counsel for Epstein 
reiterated several times at the hearing on the motion to remove the case from the 
docket that they were prepared to try the case on March 13 (App.19, pp.199, 234, 
236). Moreover, counsel for Epstein could not identify any prejudice Epstein would 
suffer if the Counterclaim proceeded for trial as scheduled, despite the trial court 
specifically asking him to identify any prejudice (App.19, 241). Finally, as in Labor 
Ready, there was no ambush here or violation of the procedural safeguards Rule 
1.440 was meant to protect. Here, as opposed to in Labor Ready, the case has been 
set for trial for 10 months. Furthermore, the party seeking to have the case removed 
from the docket is not even the party whose responsive pleading was required to 
EFTA00808536
--- PAGE 23 ---
place the case at issue. Thus, Epstein has even less of a basis to be entitled to the 
relief he belatedly seeks here than the defendants in Labor Ready. 
Another relevant case is HSBC Bank USA, N.A. v. Serban, 148 So. 3d 1287 
(Fla. 1st DCA 2014). There, the case was set for trial October 17. The parties were 
given sufficient notice pursuant to Rule 1.440(c). On September 11, the defendant 
moved for leave to amend his answer and affirmative defenses; the court granted the 
motion on September 19. The court directed the plaintiff to file its reply within ten 
days. The plaintiff filed its reply to the answer on October 2 and reply to affirmative 
defenses on October 9. The plaintiff did not request to have the case removed from 
the docket pursuant to Rule 1.440 and did not otherwise request a continuance. On 
the morning of trial, the plaintiff requested a continuance because a key witness was 
not able to attend. The plaintiff also argued that a continuance would be fair, in light 
of the recent amendments to the pleadings. He claimed, for the first time, that the 
case was not at issue anymore due to the amendments. The defendant objected to the 
continuance due to the time and expense incurred for counsel to appear at trial and 
because the plaintiff had failed to show good cause for a continuance. The trial court 
rejected the plaintiff's 1.440(a) argument, finding that counsel could have filed a 
written motion for continuance prior to the day of trial, but waited until the parties 
and the court had assembled to seek a later trial date. 
EFTA00808537
--- PAGE 24 ---
On appeal in Serban, the plaintiff argued that rule 1.440(a), required reversal. 
Like Epstein here, the plaintiff argued that strict compliance with Rule 1.440 was 
required. The plaintiff relied upon a previous First District opinion, Bennett v. 
Continental Chemicals, Inc., 492 So.2d 724 (Fla. 1st DCA 1986), in which the court 
adopted a bright line rule that strict compliance with Rule 1.440 was required. The 
First District rejected this argument and held that the "bright line approach" applied 
in Bennett was not applicable in all cases. The court explained that "[m]inor 
violations of rule 1.440 are insufficient grounds for reversal when it is clear that 
no deprivation of due process resulted from the violation." Id. at 1291 (emphasis 
added). The court continued, noting that, the plaintiff had filed the complaint more 
than five years prior to the scheduled trial; there was no question that the parties 
were notified of the trial date by the court's order entered more than sixty days before 
the trial date; and the plaintiff did not promptly move for a continuance after the 
amendment was permitted. 
Here, as in Serban, the case has been pending for many years. The parties 
have known of the current trial date for four months and have prepared for trial 
accordingly. Epstein, like the plaintiff in Serban, failed to object to any technical 
defects under Rule 1.440 in a timely manner. A distinction between the two cases, 
of course, is that Epstein had ten months to raise his objection while the plaintiff in 
EFTA00808538
--- PAGE 25 ---
Serban had just over a month to do so. If strict compliance with the rule could be 
waived there, it certainly has been waived here. 
Epstein claims that Labor Ready and Serban are inapplicable because they 
were before the courts on final appeal whereas this case is here on mandamus. That 
distinction makes no difference here. First, the nature of the appellate remedy sought 
cannot affect whether a party's conduct in the trial court constituted a waiver. Here, 
a waiver occurred long before trial. The form of appellate remedy Epstein seeks will 
not change that fact. This Court has expressly held that a party can waive the right 
to enforce the technicalities of Rule 1.440 by its conduct in the trial court and Epstein 
has done so here. As such, it does not matter what remedy he seeks, he should not 
be entitled to enforce the rule under the circumstances of this case. 
Epstein relies almost exclusively on the Second District's decision in Gawker 
Media, LLC v. Baal, 170 So.3d 125, 127 (Fla. 2d DCA 2015); which is 
distinguishable. In Gawker, the plaintiff brought suit against multiple related 
defendants. One of the defendants, Blogwire, contested personal jurisdiction. That 
challenge resulted in an appeal. In the meantime, all other defendants had tiled 
answers and affirmative defenses to the original claims. 
While Blogwire's appeal was pending, the plaintiff moved to sever the claims 
against Blogwire and to set the remaining claims for trial. Over the other defendants' 
EFTA00808539
--- PAGE 26 ---
objections, the trial court granted that motion and set the case for trial. The 
defendants immediately filed petitions for writ of certiorari, contending that severing 
defendants under those circumstances was not permitted and that, because Blogwire 
had not answered the complaint, the case was not at issue and could not be set for 
trial. The Second District quashed the severance order and the order setting trial 
without an opinion. 
Upon remand, in an effort to keep the trial date which had already been set 
and was approaching, the plaintiff in Gawker dismissed Blogwire from the action. 
The next day, the trial court allowed the plaintiff to amend his complaint to add a 
claim for punitive damages against the remaining defendants. The defendants filed 
a written objection to the plaintiff's notice that the case was at issue, and 
emphatically opposed setting the case for trial at a case status hearing. Nonetheless, 
the court set the case for trial on the previously scheduled date, just 17 days away. 
Three days later, the defendants filed their petition for writ of mandamus. It must be 
emphasized that the parties seeking mandamus relief in Gawker were the parties 
whose due process rights were being violated; not a party whose dilatory conduct 
prevented their own claim from being at issue. 
In Gawker, the Second District issued the writ of mandamus. In distinguishing 
several cases which had found the assertion of Rule 1.440 waived on final appeal, 
EFTA00808540
--- PAGE 27 ---
including Labor Ready and HSBC, the court noted the procedural distinction that 
Gawker had been brought as a mandamus petition. The court explained that 
mandamus is meant to enforce the respondent's "unqualified obligation to perform 
a clear legal duty." Id. at 131. The court continued: 
If the petitioner is entitled to demand performance of the duty, he or she 
need not preserve the issue beyond making the demand. Further, it is 
unnecessary for the petitioner to suffer prejudice as a result of the 
respondent's dereliction. All that must be shown is that (1) the 
respondent is duty-bound to act under the law, and (2) the 
respondent has failed or refused to do so. Pleus v. Crist, 14 So.3d 941 
(Fla.2009). A third and final element is that the petitioner must have no 
adequate legal remedy for the respondent's failure to carry out its 
duty. Id.; Sturdivant v. Blanchard, 422 So.2d 1028 (Fla. 1st DCA 
1982). 
Id. (emphasis added). 
Epstein uses this language to support its claim that this Court's decision in 
Labor Ready is not relevant here but he glosses over the actual point made in 
Gawker. Critical to the Second District's discussion was the explanation that in order 
to be entitled to mandamus, "[a]ll that must be shown is that (1) the respondent is 
duty-bound to act under the law, and (2) the respondent has failed or refused to do 
so." Id. at 131. Here, the trial court was not duty bound to remove the case from 
the docket under Rule 1.440 because Epstein waived his right to seek such relief, 
as discussed thoroughly above. 
EFTA00808541
--- PAGE 28 ---
In Gawker, as opposed to here, the defendants raised their Rule 1.440 
challenge immediately at the time the issue was ripe, i.e., when the trial was 
originally set while the Blogwire appeal was pending and when the court set the case 
for trial again after dismissal of Blogwire. Here, on the other hand, Epstein waited 
more than 10 months from when the case was first set for trial to finally assert his 
Rule 1.440 challenge. 
Additionally, in Gawker, the due process rights of the parties who sought 
compliance with Rule 1.440 were actually violated. That is, those defendants were 
not afforded the necessary time guaranteed by the rule, after the plaintiff amended 
the complaint to add punitive damage claims, to prepare for trial. Here, of course, 
Epstein's due process rights have not been violated, only Rothstein's due process 
rights could be at issue. Trial has been set for months, the operative pleadings have 
not been amended, and, as admitted by Epstein, he is prepared to go to trial and 
would suffer no prejudice were the case to proceed to trial. 
Thus, Epstein waived any right he might arguably have to assert a violation 
of Rule 1.440 by waiting almost 10 months after the case was set for trial to raise the 
issue. During that time, the parties and the court expended significant time and 
resources ensuring that the case could be tried as scheduled. While Epstein's rights 
will not be abridged in any way were the case to proceed as scheduled, the rights of 
EFTA00808542
--- PAGE 29 ---
Edwards to have his case finally heard, the interests of the trial court and the citizens 
of Palm Beach County who have been summoned to hear the case, will most 
certainly be adversely affected. Epstein should not be rewarded for his eleventh-hour 
ploy to delay this case where he has waived multiple opportunities to do so and it 
arises solely from his own dilatory conduct. 
D. 
Edwards' Claim Against Epstein is Separate and Distinct from Epstein's 
Claim Against Rothstein 
As explained above, Edwards' malicious prosecution counterclaim was 
obviously independent of Epstein's remaining claim against Rothstein. By 
definition, a malicious prosecution count cannot be brought until the underlying 
claims, i.e., Epstein's claims against Edwards, have been terminated in Edwards's 
favor (and by virtue of the likely default by Rothstein, the identical allegations will 
be terminated in Epstein's favor, a directly opposite result). See Alamo Rent-A-Car 
v. Mancusi, 632 So.2d 1352 (Fla. 1994). Thus, Edwards's malicious prosecution 
claim was not a compulsory counter-claim and would at best be considered a 
permissive counter-claim which a trial court has discretion to sever in the absence 
of prejudice. See Turner Construction Co. v. ENF Contractors, Inc., 939 So.2d 1108 
(Fla. 3d DCA 2003); see also Trak v. Microwave Corp. v. Medaris Management, 
Inc., 236 So.2d 189, 192 (Fla. 4th DCA 1970). 
EFTA00808543
--- PAGE 30 ---
As the trial court noted, the only connection between Epstein's claim against 
Rothstein and Edwards' claim against Epstein is that they arose out of the same 
complaint and "the only thing that it [Edwards's counterclaim] now shares is a 
common case number." (Transcript p.37). The court also noted that there was 
"nothing that I can think of that would necessitate these two matters to be tried 
together." (p.39). Based on those factors, the trial court severed the claims and 
directed that Edwards's malicious prosecution claim against Epstein could proceed 
to trial. (Transcript p.72). Epstein's counsel conceded that "it is clearly in this court's 
discretion to sever this case." (Transcript p.41). 
Nonetheless, Epstein adhered to his position that severance could not cure the 
supposed defect in the notice for trial filed in May of 2017. But, there is nothing 
talismanic about notices for trial under Rule 1.440. The rule's requirements are 
designed to preserve due process rights, not to create arbitrary impediments to the 
orderly administration of justice. Here there were never any due process rights of 
Epstein at issue. Instead, he was attempting to vicariously rely on Rothstein's due 
process rights, which Epstein was violating, to impede Edwards's ability to proceed 
to trial in this 9-year old case. The court's ruling that severed the malicious 
prosecution claim provided complete protection for Rothstein's due process rights 
and therefore there is no need for any further remedy, let alone mandamus, to protect 
anyone's rights. 
EFTA00808544
--- PAGE 31 ---
CONCLUSION 
For the reasons stated above, the Petition for Writ of Mandamus should be 
denied. 
EFTA00808545
--- PAGE 32 ---
CERTIFICATE OF TYPE SIZE & STYLE 
Respondents hereby certifies that the type size and style of the Response of 
Respondents is Times New Roman 14pt. 
By: 
/s/ Philip M. Burlington 
PHILIP M. BURLINGTON 
Florida Bar No. 285862 
By: 
/s/ Nichole J. Segal 
NICHOLE J. SEGAL 
Florida Bar No. 41232 
EFTA00808546
--- PAGE 33 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was furnished by mail 
to The Honorable Donald W. Hafele, 205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216, West 
Palm Beach, FL 33401 and to all counsel on the attached service list, by email, on 
March 12, 2018. 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Karen Terry, Esq. 
David J. Vitale, Jr. Esq. 
SEARCY DENNY SCAROLA 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
and 
BURLINGTON & ROCICENBACH, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons/Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Attorneys for Res ondents 
By: 
/s/ Philip M. Burlington 
PHILIP M. BURLINGTON 
Florida Bar No. 285862 
By: 
/s/ Nichole J. Segal 
NICHOLE J. SEGAL 
Florida Bar No. 41232 
/kbt 
EFTA00808547
--- PAGE 34 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Epstein v. Rothstein/Edwards 
Case No. 4D18-0762 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esq. 
Rachel J. Glasser, Esq. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. Ste. 301 
h, Florida 33401 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
KITERBURY, GOLDBERGER 
& WEISS, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Esq. 
LAW OFFICES OF MARC S. NURIK 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Ste. 700 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
EDWARDS POTT1NGER LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301-3268 
Attormeys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808548

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808549.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF 
FLORIDA IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, et al., 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
No. 50-2009-CA-040800XXXXMBAG 
JUDGE HAFELE 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO: 
DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF BRADLEY EDWARDS' MOTION TO 
STRIKE PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT ON THE FOURTH AMENDED 
COUNTERCLAIM AND SUPPORTINGMEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that this 
Court deny "Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley Edwards' Motion to Strike 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgment on the 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim" on the following grounds. This response is 
accompanied by a supporting appendix. (App. 1 - *). 
EFTA00808549
--- PAGE 2 ---
Introduction 
Edwards' motion to strike is based solely upon his argument that this Court's 
consideration of the probable cause issue raised in Epstein's motion for summary 
judgment is barred by the law of the case doctrine. Edwards argues that the probable 
cause issue was raised by Epstein as a point on appeal in Edwards v. Epstein, 178 
So. 3d 942 (Fla. 4th DCA 2015), and that the Fourth District actually decided the 
probable cause issue in Edward's favor. Edwards' motion is meritless. 
Epstein moved the Fourth District for permission to present the probable cause 
issue in supplemental briefing. Edwards opposed the motion and argued that the 
addition of this "new" probable issue would be improper and would also require 
extensive additions to the record on appeal. Edwards prevailed. The Fourth District 
denied Epstein's motion. The record on appeal was never supplemented and the 
probable cause issue was never briefed by the parties. 
Edwards is estopped from advancing the inconsistent positions taken in his 
motion to strike -- that the issue of probable cause was both raised by Epstein on 
appeal and was properly before the appellate court. 
An examination of the parties' briefing in the Fourth District and the decision 
rendered by that Court conclusively confirms that Epstein did not raise the issue of 
EFTA00808550
--- PAGE 3 ---
probable cause and that the Fourth District did not decide the issue of probable cause. 
The Law of the Case Doctrine 
The law of the case doctrine is limited to those questions of law that were 
"actually presented" and "actually decided" on a former appeal." Florida Dep't of 
Transp. v. Juliano, 801 So. 2d 101, 105-06 (Fla. 2001). The doctrine allows the trial 
court upon remand from the appellate court to consider a party's alternative 
argument that was not before the appellate court. See, e.g., Nat'l City Bank v. Accent 
Marketing Assoc., LLC, 82 So. 3d 1060 (Fla. 4th DCA 2011). 
In the Fourth District, Edwards Successfully Opposed 
Epstein's Request to Present the Probable Cause Issue 
After the parties filed their briefs in the Fourth District, Epstein filed a Motion 
for Leave to File Supplemental Argument. (App. *-*). The motion sought leave to 
present as a point on appeal the absence of the probable cause element in Edwards' 
action for malicious prosecution. 
In opposition, Edwards filed his Appellant's Response to Motion for Leave to 
File Supplemental Argument. (App. *-*). Edwards argued that the proposed 
probable cause point on appeal would inject "new issues into this appeal at the 
eleventh hour" (App. * [1]), would "raise new issues not included in his [Epstein's] 
Answer Brief" (App. * [2]), that it would be unfair to allow Epstein to raise probable 
EFTA00808551
--- PAGE 4 ---
cause because "it would be extremely burdensome for Edwards, and for this Court, 
to have to fully brief and review this new issue at this time" (App. * [3]), that the 
probable cause issue was not properly raised as a "tipsy coachman" issue in Epstein's 
Answer Brief (App. ( [3]), and that briefing of the probable cause issue would require 
supplementation of the record on appeal with hundreds of pages of documents. (App. 
* [5-6]). 
The Fourth District agreed with Edwards and denied Epstein's motion to 
present the probable cause issue. (App. *). 
In his motion to strike, Edwards assumes positions that are completely at odds 
with his positions taken in the Fourth District. He now argues that Epstein did present 
probable cause as a point on appeal, and raised probable cause as a tipsy coachman 
argument. Edwards is estopped from taking these contrary positions in his motion to 
strike. Lee v. Fowler, 115 Fla. 429, 155 So. 647 (1934) (a party who took one 
position on appeal is estopped from thereafter taking an inconsistent position in the 
trial court); Harper ex rel. Daley v. Toler, 884 So. 2d 1124, 1135 (Fla. 2d DCA 
2004) ("a party may not ordinarily take one position in proceedings at the trial level 
and then take an inconsistent position on appeal"); Reserve Ins. Co. v. Pollock, 270 
So.2d 469, 469 (Fla. 3d DCA 1972) (holding that insurer who admitted liability 
EFTA00808552
--- PAGE 5 ---
under insurance policy was "estopped from taking an inconsistent position" on 
appeal); see also Bloco, Inc. v. Porterfield Oil Co., Inc., 990 So. 2d 578, 579 (Fla. 
2d DCA 2008) (rejecting party's argument that issue was barred by law of the case 
doctrine, noting that the party in its brief had "unequivocally acknowledged" that 
the challenged issue was not then ripe for appellate review). The motion to strike 
should be denied on the ground of estoppel. 
Epstein Did Not "Actually Present" to the Fourth District 
the Issue of Probable Cause 
The positions Edwards now takes in his motion to strike that are inconsistent 
with his previous positions in the Fourth District are groundless on their merits. 
Edwards' argument that the probable cause issue was "actually presented" to 
the Fourth District by Epstein is based solely upon the following footnote from 
Epstein's Answer Brief: 
In addition, Appellee argued in his Summary Judgment motion that 
Appellant could not satisfy all of the elements of a Malicious 
Prosecution claim, including that the suit by Appellee against Appellant 
resulted in a bona-fide termination in favor of Appellant. Appellee took 
a voluntary dismissal without prejudice, which does not constitute a 
bona-fide termination, one of the six essential elements of a malicious 
prosecution claim. See Valdes v. GAB Robins, 924 So. 2d 862 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 2006). Appellant neither addresses nor submits argument as to 
Appellee's assertion, so this is not addressed in this Answer Brief. 
Rather, Appellee reasserts all argument as delineated in his original 
Motion for Summary Judgment and relies thereupon. 
EFTA00808553
--- PAGE 6 ---
(App. *Ans Brf. at 7). Edwards' argument fails on several grounds. 
Once again, Edwards is taking a position contrary to his previous position on 
appeal. In his reply brief on appeal, Edwards characterized the footnote as attempting 
to raise only one issue, namely, "that Edwards' malicious prosecution claim should 
fail because there was no bona fide termination of the underlying suit." (App. * 
Edwards' Reply Brf. at 12-13). Edwards contended that the issue raised in the 
footnote was waived because it was based upon an attempt to incorporate by 
reference a trial court filing rather than an independent argument in support of a 
point on appeal. Edwards cited decisional authorities for the proposition that such 
an attempt was prohibited. (App. *Reply Brief at 13). Edwards is now estopped from 
changing positions by arguing that the above-quoted footnote properly raised the 
probable cause issue as a point on appeal. 
The only brief filed by Epstein in the Fourth District was his Answer Brief. It 
is apparent from a review of that brief that probable cause was not raised as a point 
on appeal by Epstein. The term "probable cause" does not even appear in Epstein's 
brief. Rather, Epstein's Answer Brief made clear that there was only one point on 
appeal: 
EFTA00808554
--- PAGE 7 ---
The solitary issue before this Court is whether the litigation privilege 
applies to a cause of action for malicious prosecution when all acts upon 
which Appellant relies in support of his cause of action occurred during 
the course of litigation and related directly to the litigation. 
Ans. Brf. at 5. Similarly, in both the Table of Contents and Argument sections of 
Epstein's Answer Brief, the sole issue actually presented was: 
THE TRIAL COURT CORRECTLY GRANTED SUMMARY 
JUDGMENT, AS THE LITIGATION PRIVILEGE IS A BAR TO 
APPELLANT'S CLAIM BASED ON MALICIOUS PROSECUTION 
(App. *Ans Brf. at I, 7) (original emphasis). 
The footnote in question did not and could not raise a point on appeal. See 
Simkins Ind., Inc. v. Lexington Ins. Co., 714 So. 2d 1092, 1093 (Fla. 3d DCA 1998) 
(an argument in a footnote does not elevate the matter to a point on appeal."); R.J. 
Reynolds Tobacco Co. v. Engle, 672 So. 2d 39, 41 n.1 (Fla. 3d DCA 1996) 
(arguments which are not made as a point on appeal but are found only in a footnote 
are not properly presented to the appellate court for review). 
Epstein's footnoted argument was that there was no bona fide termination of 
the underlying lawsuit, an essential element of a cause of action for malicious 
prosecution. Epstein argued that underlying lawsuit terminated as a result of his 
voluntary dismissal rather than a bona fide termination. Consequently, Epstein 
argued, Edwards failed to satisfy all of the elements of his cause of action. 
EFTA00808555
--- PAGE 8 ---
Epstein's footnote stated that because Edwards' initial brief failed to address 
this "assertion", Epstein would not submit argument, but instead reassert "all 
argument" on this point as raised in his motion for summary judgment. Edwards is 
wrong in construing the reassertion as raising on appeal every ground in Epstein's 
summary judgment motion, including probable cause. The argument presented by 
Epstein in the footnote was clearly and expressly limited to the element of bona fide 
termination. As his footnote made clear, Epstein's assertion was directed only to 
"one of the six essential elements of a malicious prosecution claim." (e.s.). In sum, 
the issue of probable cause was not presented to the Fourth District in Epstein's brief. 
The Fourth District Did Not "Actually Decide" the Issue of Probable Cause 
According to Edwards, the Fourth District "actually decided" the issue of 
probable cause in the following passage from its decision: 
Epstein suggests that this case could be decided on a tipsy coachman 
analysis, as he alleges that all the elements of the cause of action were 
not present. However, the trial court specifically found that material 
issues of fact remained as to the elements of the claim. Based upon the 
facts presented and the inferences which may be drawn from those 
facts, we will not disturb the trial court's evaluation. 
Edwards v. Epstein, 178 So. 3d at 943. 
As the first sentence of the quoted passage makes clear, the Fourth District 
was only addressing Epstein's tipsy coachman claim. As noted, Epstein's tipsy 
EFTA00808556
--- PAGE 9 ---
coachman argument did not reference the issue of probable cause, but referenced 
only the issue of bona fide termination. Because the issue of bona fide termination 
was the sole tipsy coachman argument, the Fourth District's decision not to disturb 
this Court's evaluation of that issue does not bar Epstein, by operation of the law of 
the case doctrine, from presenting his alternative argument as to probable cause for 
this Court's consideration. See Nat'l City Bank v. Accent Marketing Assoc., supra. 
Edwards argues that Gabor v. Gabor & Co., Inc., 599 So. 2d 737 (Fla. 3d DCA 
1992) "is directly on point." Motion to Strike at 5. Gabor is clearly distinguishable. 
In that case, the Third District held that, based upon law of the case, "it was error for 
the trial court to enter summary judgment on a point previously determined [on 
appeal] not amenable to a summary judgment." Id. at 738. Here, this Court is being 
asked to entertain Epstein's summary judgment motion on a point not previously 
determined by the Fourth District, namely, probable cause. The other authorities 
cited by Edwards are inapplicable based upon the same material distinction. 
In conclusion, Epstein respectfully requests that the Court deny Edwards' 
motion to strike. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served upon all parties 
listed below via electronic service this September 28, 2017. 
EFTA00808557
--- PAGE 10 ---
Is/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Fla. Bar No. 0176737 
315 S.E. 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
IM 
SERVICE LIST 
EFTA00808558

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808559.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF 
FLORIDA IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, et al., 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
No. 50-2009-CA-040800XXXXMBAG 
JUDGE: HAFELE 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT'S RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO 
DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF BRADLEY EDWARDS' MOTION TO 
STRIKE PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION 
FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT ON THE FOURTH AMENDED 
COUNTERCLAIM AND SUPPORTINGMEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, by and through his undersigned 
counsel, herein files his Response in Opposition to Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley 
Edwards' Motion to Strike Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion for 
Summary Judgment on the Fourth Amended Counterclaim, and respectfully requests that 
this Court deny Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley Edwards' Motion to Strike 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgment on the 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim This response is accompanied by a supporting appendix, 
in which all items referenced in support of this Opposition may be found (hereinafter 
"App." with the corresponding page number). 
INTRODUCTION 
Edwards's Motion to Strike is based solely upon his erroneous argument that this 
Court's consideration of the probable cause issue raised in Epstein's Motion for Summary 
Tonga Haddad. P.A. • 315 SE 7th Street, Fon Lauderdale, FL 33301. 
EFTA00808559
--- PAGE 2 ---
Judgment is batted by the law of the case doctrine. Edwards argues that the probable cause 
issue was raised by Epstein as a point on appeal in Edwards v. Epstein, 178 So. 3d 942 
(Fla. 4th DCA 2015), and that the Fourth District Court of Appeal decided the probable 
cause issue in Edward's favor. As demonstrated more fully below, Edwards's assertion is 
meritless and should be denied. 
Epstein moved the Fourth District Court of Appeal for permission to present the 
probable cause issue in supplemental briefing. Edwards opposed the motion, and 
maintained that the addition of this "new" probable issue would be improper and would 
also require extensive additions to the record on appeal. Edwards prevailed, as the Fourth 
District Court of Appeal denied Epstein's motion. The record on appeal was never 
supplemented, and accordingly the probable cause issue was never briefed by the parties, 
much less considered by the Court. 
Accordingly, Edwards is estopped from advancing the inconsistent positions taken 
in his Motion to Strike; that the issue of probable cause was both raised by Epstein on 
appeal and was considered, and ruled upon, by the appellate court. An examination of the 
parties' briefing in the Fourth District Court of Appeal, and the decision rendered by that 
Court, conclusively confirms that Epstein did not raise the issue of probable cause and that 
the Fourth District Court of Appeal did not decide the issue of probable cause. 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
The law of the case doctrine is limited to those questions of law that were "actually 
presented" and "actually decided" on a former appeal. Florida Dep't of Transp. v. Juliano, 
801 So. 2d 101, 105-06 (Fla. 2001). The doctrine allows the trial court, upon remand from 
the appellate court, to consider a party's alternative argument that was not before the 
EFTA00808560
--- PAGE 3 ---
appellate court. See, e.g., Nat'l City Bank v. Accent Marketing Assoc., LLC, 82 So. 3d 1060 
(Fla. 4th DCA 2011). Accordingly, pursuant to the law of the case doctrine, only "questions 
of law actually decided on appeal must govern the case in the same court and the trial 
court, through all subsequent stages of the proceedings." State v. McBride, 848 So. 2d 287, 
290 (Fla. 2003) (emphasis added). 
A. 
In the Fourth District Court of Appeal, Edwards Successfully Opposed 
Epstein's Request to Present the Probable Cause Issue and he is Estopped from taking 
an Inconsistent Position in this Court 
After the parties filed their briefs in the Fourth District Court of Appeal, Epstein 
filed a Motion for Leave to File Supplemental Argument. (App. 1-21). The Motion sought 
leave to present as a point on appeal the absence of the probable cause element in 
Edwards's action for malicious prosecution. In opposition thereto, Edwards filed his 
Appellant's Response to Motion for Leave to File Supplemental Argument. (App. 22-29). 
Edwards argued that the proposed probable cause point on appeal would inject "new issues 
into this appeal at the eleventh hour" (App. 22); would "raise new issues not included in 
his [Epstein's] Answer Brief' (App. 23); would be unfair to allow Epstein to raise probable 
cause because "it would be extremely burdensome for Edwards, and for this Court, to have 
to fully brief and review this new issue at this time" (App. 24); that the probable cause 
issue was not properly raised as a "tipsy coachman" issue in Epstein's Answer Brief (App. 
24); and that briefing of the probable cause issue would require supplementation of the 
record on appeal with hundreds of pages of documents. (App. 26-27). The Fourth District 
Court of Appeal agreed with Edwards and denied Epstein's motion to present the probable 
cause issue. (App. 30). 
In his Motion to Strike, Edwards assumes positions that are completely at odds with 
Tonja Haddad. P.A. • 315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301. 
EFTA00808561
--- PAGE 4 ---
his positions taken in the Fourth District Court of Appeal. He now argues that Epstein did 
present probable cause as a point on appeal, and raised probable cause as a tipsy coachman 
argument. Edwards is estopped from taking these contrary positions in his motion to strike. 
Lee v. Fowler, 155 So. 647 (Fla. 1934) (a party who took one position on appeal is estopped 
from thereafter taking an inconsistent position in the trial court); Harper a rel. Daley v. 
Toler, 884 So. 2d 1124, 1135 (Fla. 2d DCA 2004) ("a party may not ordinarily take one 
position in proceedings at the trial level and then take an inconsistent position on appeal"); 
Reserve Ins. Co. v. Pollock, 270 So. 2d 469, 469 (Fla. 3d DCA 1972) (holding that insurer 
who admitted liability under insurance policy was "estopped from taking an inconsistent 
position" on appeal); see also Bloco, Inc. v. Porterfield Oil Co., Inc., 990 So. 2d 578, 579 
(Fla. 2d DCA 2008) (rejecting party's argument that issue was barred by law of the case 
doctrine, noting that the party in its brief had "unequivocally acknowledged" that the 
challenged issue was not then ripe for appellate review); Grau v. Provident Life and Acc. 
Ins. Co., 99 So. 2d 396, 399 (Fla. 4th DCA 2005) (la] claim or position successfully 
maintained in a former action or judicial proceeding bars a party from making a completely 
inconsistent claim or taking a clearly conflicting position in a subsequent action or judicial 
proceeding . . ."). Accordingly, Edwards's Motion to Strike should be denied on the 
grounds of both the law of the case and estoppel. 
B. 
Epstein Did Not "Actually Present" to the Fourth District Court of Appeal the 
Issue of Probable Cause 
The positions Edwards now takes in his Motion to Strike that are inconsistent with 
his previous positions in the Fourth District Court of Appeal are groundless on their merits. 
Edwards's argument that the probable cause issue was "actually presented" to the Fourth 
EFTA00808562
--- PAGE 5 ---
District by Epstein is based solely upon the following footnote from Epstein's Answer 
Brief: 
In addition, Appellee argued in his Summary Judgment motion that 
Appellant could not satisfy all of the elements of a Malicious Prosecution 
claim, including that the suit by Appellee against Appellant resulted in a 
bona-fide termination in favor of Appellant. Appellee took a voluntary 
dismissal without prejudice, which does not constitute a bona-fide 
termination, one of the six essential elements of a malicious prosecution 
claim. See Valdes v. GAB Robins, 924 So. 2d 862 (Fla. 3d DCA 2006). 
Appellant neither addresses nor submits argument as to Appellee's 
assertion, so this is not addressed in this Answer Brief. Rather, Appellee 
reasserts all argument as delineated in his original Motion for Summary 
Judgment and relies thereupon. 
(App. 41). Edwards' argument fails on several grounds. 
Once again, Edwards is taking a position contrary to his previous position on 
appeal. In his reply brief on appeal, Edwards characterized the footnote as attempting to 
raise only one issue, namely, "that Edwards' malicious prosecution claim should fail 
because there was no bona fide termination of the underlying suit." (App.77-78). Edwards 
contended that the issue raised in the footnote was waived because it was based upon an 
attempt to incorporate by reference a trial court filing rather than an independent argument 
in support of a point on appeal. Edwards cited decisional authorities for the proposition 
that such an attempt was prohibited. (App. 78). Edwards is now estopped from changing 
positions by arguing that the above-quoted footnote properly raised the probable cause 
issue as a point on appeal. 
The only brief filed by Epstein in the Fourth District Court of Appeal was his 
Answer Brief. It is apparent from a review of that brief that the issue of probable cause 
was not raised as a point on appeal by Epstein. The term "probable cause" does not even 
appear in Epstein's brief. Rather, Epstein's Answer Brief made clear that there was only 
Tonja Haddad. P.A. • 315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301. 
EFTA00808563
--- PAGE 6 ---
one point on appeal: 
The solitary issue before this Court is whether the litigation privilege 
applies to a cause of action for malicious prosecution when all acts upon 
which Appellant relies in support of his cause of action occurred during the 
course of litigation and related directly to the litigation. 
(App. 39). Similarly, in both the Table of Contents and Argument sections of Epstein's 
Answer Brief, the sole issue actually presented was: 
THE 
TRIAL 
COURT 
CORRECTLY 
GRANTED 
SUMMARY 
JUDGMENT, AS THE LITIGATION PRIVILEGE IS A BAR TO 
APPELLANT'S CLAIM BASED ON MALICIOUS PROSECUTION 
(App. 32, 41) (original emphasis). 
The footnote in question did not, and could not, raise a point on appeal. See Simkins 
Ind., Inc. v. Lexington Ins. Co., 714 So. 2d 1092, 1093 (Fla. 3d DCA 1998) ("an argument 
in a footnote does not elevate the matter to a point on appeal."); R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. 
v. Engle, 672 So. 2d 39, 41 n.1 (Fla. 3d DCA 1996) (arguments which are not made as a 
point on appeal but are found only in a footnote are not properly presented to the appellate 
court for review). Epstein's footnoted argument was that there was no bona fide 
termination of the underlying lawsuit; an essential element of a cause of action for 
malicious prosecution. Epstein argued that underlying lawsuit terminated as a result of his 
voluntary dismissal rather than a bona fide termination. 
Epstein's footnote stated that because Edwards's initial brief failed to address this 
"assertion," Epstein would not submit argument, but instead reassert "all argument" on this 
point as raised in his motion for summary judgment. Edwards is wrong in construing the 
reassertion as raising on appeal every ground in Epstein's summary judgment motion, 
including probable cause. The argument presented by Epstein in the footnote was clearly 
EFTA00808564
--- PAGE 7 ---
and expressly limited to the element of bona fide termination. As his footnote made clear, 
Epstein's assertion was directed only to "one of the six essential elements of a malicious 
prosecution claim." (e.s.). In sum, the issue of probable cause was neither presented to, nor 
argued to, the Fourth District Court of Appeal in Epstein's brief. 
C. 
The Fourth District Did Not "Actually Decide" the Issue of Probable Cause 
Edwards contends that the Fourth District Court of Appeal "actually decided" the 
issue of probable cause in the following passage from its decision: 
Epstein suggests that this case could be decided on a tipsy coachman 
analysis, as he alleges that all the elements of the cause of action were not 
present. However, the trial court specifically found that material issues of 
fact remained as to the elements of the claim. Based upon the facts presented 
and the inferences which may be drawn from those facts, we will not disturb 
the trial court's evaluation. 
Edwards v. Epstein, 178 So. 3d at 943. 
As the first sentence of the quoted passage makes clear, the Fourth District Court of 
Appeal was only addressing Epstein's tipsy coachman claim. As noted, Epstein's tipsy 
coachman argument did not reference the issue of probable cause, but referenced only the 
issue of bona fide termination. Because the issue of bona fide termination was the sole 
tipsy coachman argument, the Fourth District Court of Appeal's decision not to disturb this 
Court's evaluation of that issue; the issue of bona fide termination, does not bar Epstein, 
by operation of the law of the case doctrine, from presenting his alternative argument as to 
probable cause for this Court's consideration. See Nat'l City Bank v. Accent Marketing 
Assoc., supra. 
Edwards argues that Gabor v. Gabor & Co., Inc., 599 So. 2d 737 (Fla. 3d DCA 
1992) "is directly on point." See Edwards's Motion to Strike, p. 5. However, the Gabor 
case is clearly distinguishable from the case at bench. In that case, the Third District Court 
Tonga Haddad. P.A. • 315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
EFTA00808565
--- PAGE 8 ---
of Appeal held that, based upon law of the case, "it was error for the trial court to enter 
summary judgment on a point previously determined [on appeal] not amenable to a 
summary judgment." Id. at 738. Here, this Court is being asked to entertain Epstein's 
summary judgment motion on a point not previously determined by the Fourth District 
Court of Appeal; probable cause. The other authorities cited by Edwards are inapplicable 
based upon the same material distinction. 
CONCLUSION 
Accordingly, and in reliance upon the law and facts delineated above, Epstein 
respectfully requests that the Court deny Edwards's Motion to Strike his Motion for 
Summary Judgment, and such further relief as this Court deems just and proper. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served upon all parties listed 
on the attached service list, via electronic service, this September 28, 2017. 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Fla. Bar No. 0176737 
315 S.E. 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
EFTA00808566
--- PAGE 9 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola, Es . 
Searcy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Goldberger, Es 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
• 
..
lwards, E . 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Fred Haddad, Es
315 S.E. 7th Street, Suite 301 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 S.E. 7th Street, Suite 301 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. 
One Clearlake Center 
Suite 1400 
250 Australian Avenue South 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Tonja Haddad. P.A. • 315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301. 
EFTA00808567

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808568.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 62143778 E-Filed 09/28/2017 02:59:33 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
individually, 
Defendant, 
AMENDED RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT'S 
MOTION TO CONTINUE HEARING SCHEDULED FOR OCTOBER 3, 2017 
AND/OR EXTEND TIME TO FILE MOTIONS RELATED TO COLLATERAL 
OUASI-CRIMINAL CASES 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards, by and through undersigned counsel, 
hereby 
submits 
this 
Response 
in 
Opposition 
to 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 and/or Extend Time 
to File Motions Related to Collateral Quasi-Criminal Cases, and as grounds therefor states as 
follows: 
Summary 
In 2009, Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein filed suit against attorney 
Bradley J. Edwards, alleging that Mr. Edwards had fabricated certain civil claims arising from 
Epstein's systematic sexual abuse of minor female children as part of a fraudulent Ponzi scheme 
that Edwards was running with Scott Rothstein and one of Edwards's clients, LM. At the 
time Epstein filed suit, the validity of Epstein's criminal plea deal was being challenged by 
EFTA00808568
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Amended Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 2 of 8 
his minor child victims in Doe v. United States, case no. 08-cv-80736-KAM. For the next three 
(3) years, Epstein nonetheless pursued his claims against Mr. Edwards never once suggesting a 
stay of this case was in order, and carrying the burden of proof with full knowledge of that 
pending Crime Victim Rights Act proceeding. In fact, Epstein even cited the Doe v. United States 
case in paragraph 29(4) of his Amended Complaint filed on April 12, 2011, wherein he 
acknowledged that one of the potential outcomes of Doe was the Federal Court "invalidating the 
[Non-Prosecution] Agreement." 
In 2012, Epstein voluntarily dismissed his claims against Mr. Edwards only days before 
a scheduled summary judgment hearing. Mr. Edwards immediately amended his counterclaim to 
assert a claim for malicious prosecution, alleging that Epstein had no probable cause to initiate this 
suit in the first place. The allegations made against Epstein by Edwards were in fact true, and the 
horrific nature of Epstein's conduct against Edwards's clients obviated any need for Mr. Edwards 
to fabricate his clients' claims. 
On September 25, 2017, less than three months before trial, Epstein filed the underlying 
Motion to Continue and indicated that he would be moving to stay these proceedings until Doe v. 
United 
States is 
resolved. Thus, 
after 
assuming 
the 
burden 
of proof 
for 
three 
years, Epstein now claims that he cannot defend this case and will "be forced to invoke his Fifth 
Amendment privileges" as a result of the prior-filed 2008 Crime Victim Rights Act proceeding. 
Epstein's desperate, last-ditch effort to avoid a trial on the merits should be rejected. Epstein filed 
the underlying action forming the basis of Mr. Edwards's malicious prosecution claim after 
the Doe v. United States proceeding had been pending for over a year. Epstein's Amended 
EFTA00808569
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Amended Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 3 of 8 
Complaint explicitly recognized that one of the potential outcomes of that proceeding was the 
Federal Court "invalidating the [Non-Prosecution] Agreement." To now suggest, on the eve of 
trial, that this case should be stayed indefinitely pending resolution of that proceeding is belied by 
common sense and is an affront to Mr. Edwards's right to a timely trial on the merits. Epstein 
initiated this litigation. He asserted that the claims being pursued by Mr. Edwards's clients were 
false and fabricated. After eight long years, the time has finally come for a jury to 
determine whether Epstein had any basis for these allegations, and Epstein is barred from 
using a prior-filed 2008 proceeding to avoid that determination. Epstein pled guilty when asked 
by the State trial court about the criminal allegations against him; he was deposed in multiple civil 
cases arising out of the same criminal conduct and on every occasion, he invoked his Fifth 
Amendment privilege against self-incrimination; he then filed this action knowing that he would 
continue to invoke the protection of the Fifth Amendment—which is exactly what he has 
consistently done. Having chosen to start this war, he cannot now try to avoid the consequences 
of his choice. 
Memorandum of Law 
a. Waiver 
"Waiver is the intentional or voluntary relinquishment of a known right or conduct which 
warrants an inference of the relinquishment of a known right." Aberdeen Golf & Country Club v. 
Bliss Const., Inc., 932 So. 2d 235, 244 (Fla. 4th DCA 2005). The elements of waiver are: (1) the 
existence at the time of the waiver of a right privilege, advantage or benefit which may be waived; 
EFTA00808570
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Amended Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 4 of 8 
(2) the actual or constructive knowledge of the right; and (3) the intention to relinquish the 
right. Goodwin v. Blu Murray Ins. Agency, Inc., 939 So. 2d 1098, 1104 (Fla. 5th DCA 2006). 
Epstein clearly waived any argument that the 2008 Doe v. United States proceeding impeded his 
defense of Mr. Edwards' malicious prosecution claim when he filed this underlying action in 2009, 
over a year after Doe was first initiated. Moreover, Epstein directly cited to and referenced the 
pending Doe v. United States proceeding in his Amended Complaint filed on April 12, 2011: 
. . . Instead, the purpose of requesting those records was to obtain them for use in a 
separately filed Criminal Victims Rights Act (CVRA) suit, Jane Doe I and Jane Doe 
2, Case No. 08-80736-CIV, Marra/Johnson, which was brought for several 
purposes, including invalidating the /Nor-Prosecution/Agreement
Agreement... 
Amended Complaint at paragraph 29(4) (emphasis added). 
Epstein therefore not only knew that Doe v. United States was pending, but he 
acknowledged to this Court way back in 2011 that one of the potential outcomes of that proceeding 
was the invalidation of his plea deal. Certainly, if Epstein intended to rely on this fact to stay or 
delay this proceeding, the time to raise it was (at the very latest) April 12, 2011, when Epstein filed 
that Amended Complaint. He failed to do so, and instead chose to prosecute his underlying claims 
for another year and defend against Mr. Edwards' malicious prosecution claim for five more years. 
That active participation serves to waive any argument that the Doe v. United States proceeding 
justifies an indefinite stay of this case. cj. Gordon v. Shield 41 So. 3d 931, 033 (Fla. 4th DCA 
2010) (stating that, in the context of arbitration, a party's "active participation in litigation" serves 
to waive the right to arbitration). 
b. Equitable Estoppel 
EFTA00808571
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Amended Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 5 of 8 
Epstein's attempt to stay this case is also bared by the doctrine of equitable estoppel, 
which has been a fundamental principle of American jurisprudence for centuries. Florida Dent. of 
Health & Rehab. Services v. S.A.P., 835 So. 2d 1091, 1096 (Fla. 2002). Equitable estoppel 
is "based on principals of fair play and essential justice [that] arises when one party lulls another 
party into a disadvantageous legal position." Bueno v. Workman, 20 So. 3d 993, 997 (Fla. 4th 
DCA 2009). The elements of equitable estoppel are: (1) a representation as to a material fact that 
is contrary to a later-asserted position, (2) reliance on that representation, and (3) a change in 
position detrimental to the party claiming estoppel, caused by the representation and reliance 
thereon. Id. 
It is difficult to imagine a more clear-cut example of equitable estoppel than Epstein's 
eleventh-hour attempt to indefinitely stay litigation that he started, based on a situation that he 
created. Epstein filed suit, representing to this Court and Mr. Edwards that he intended to prove 
that Mr. Edwards had fabricated the sexual abuse allegations against him. Epstein did so with full 
knowledge of the pending Doe v. United States proceeding and while recognizing the possibility 
that his Non-Prosecution Agreement could be invalidated. 
Mr. Edwards was forced to defend against these allegations for three (3) years, in reliance 
on Epstein's representations. After Epstein voluntarily dismissed his claims, Mr. Edwards then 
spent the next five (5) years pursing his malicious prosecution claim, which required Epstein to 
put forth at least some evidence that the allegations asserted in the underlying complaint were true: 
Mr. Edwards' clients had in fact pursued false sexual abuse claims against Epstein. Mr. Edwards 
EFTA00808572
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Amended Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 6 of 8 
has therefore expended substantial time and resources in this litigation in reliance on Epstein's 
representation that Epstein had probable cause to pursue his claims in the first place. 
Now, on the eve of trial, Epstein has changed tactics and asserted a new position: he cannot defend 
against the malicious prosecution claims because of the 2008 Doe v. United States proceeding, 
which was filed before Epstein initiated this litigation. If that is true, how did Epstein intend to 
prove his claims against Mr. Edwards in the first place? Certainly, if Epstein could not defend 
against a malicious prosecution claim, then he should never have filed the underlying action to 
begin with. Simply put, Epstein's eleventh-hour attempt to avoid a trial due to circumstances that 
he created is unavailing and should be rejected based on the principles of equitable estoppel. 
Conclusion 
Based upon the foregoing, Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards respectfully 
submits that Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Continue and request for an eleventh-hour stay of this 
case should be denied. 
EFTA00808573
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Amended Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 7 of 8 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this  0
1—day of 
2017. 
JACKSC.A ROLA 
Flofila,13/ar No.: 
At
e E-Mail 
; and 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808574
--- PAGE 8 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXM BAG 
Amended Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 8 of 8 
COUNSEL LIST 
William Chester Brewer, Es uire 
• 
iAustralian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldber
,
 er, 
• uire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, C. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Segal, Esquire 
LA 
llateLaw.com• 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradle J. Edwards, Es uire 
Fanner Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & 
Lehrman, M. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Pho 
Fax:
Fred Haddad, 
• uire 
Fred Haddad, 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Pho 
Fax:
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Topja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
F
" 
Ph 
Attorneys ore 
y ps ein 
Marc S. Nurik, Es uire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
FPaxhonnill~ 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00808575

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808576.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 62138114 E-Filed 09/28/2017 02:13:39 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
EL, individually, 
Defendant, 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT'S 
MOTION TO CONTINUE HEARING SCHEDULED FOR OCTOBER 3,2017 AND/OR 
EXTEND TIME TO FILE MOTIONS RELATED TO COLLATERAL QUASI-
CRIMINAL CASES 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards, by and through undersigned counsel, 
hereby 
submits 
this 
Response 
in 
Opposition 
to 
PlaintifVCounter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 and/or Extend Time 
to File Motions Related to Collateral Quasi-Criminal Cases, and as grounds therefor states as 
follows: 
Summary
In 2009, Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein filed suit against attorney 
Bradley J. Edwards, alleging that Mr. Edwards had fabricated certain civil claims arising from 
Epstein's systematic sexual abuse of minor female children as part of a fraudulent Ponzi scheme 
that Edwards was running with Scott Rothstein and one of Edwards's clients, LM. At the 
time Epstein filed suit, the validity of Epstein's criminal plea deal was being challenged by 
EFTA00808576
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 2 of 7 
his minor child victims in Doe v. United States case no. 08-cv-80736-KAM. For the next three 
(3) years, Epstein nonetheless pursued his claims against Mr. Edwards never once suggesting a 
stay of this case was in order, and carrying the burden of proof with full knowledge of that 
pending Crime Victim Rights Act proceeding. In fact, Epstein even cited the Doe v. United States 
case in paragraph 29(4) of his Amended Complaint filed on April 12, 2011, wherein he 
acknowledged that one of the potential outcomes of Doe was the Federal Court "invalidating the 
[Non-Prosecution] Agreement." 
In 2012, Epstein voluntarily dismissed his claims against Mr. Edwards only days before 
a scheduled summary judgment hearing. Mr. Edwards immediately amended his counterclaim to 
assert a claim for malicious prosecution, alleging that Epstein had no probable cause to initiate this 
suit in the first place. The allegations made against Epstein by Edwards were in fact true, and the 
horrific nature of Epstein's conduct against Edwards's clients obviated any need for Mr. Edwards 
to fabricate his clients' claims. 
On September 25, 2017, less than three months before trial, Epstein filed the underlying 
Motion to Continue and indicated that he would be moving to stay these proceedings until Doe v. 
United 
States is 
resolved. Thus, 
after 
assuming 
the 
burden of proof 
for 
three 
years, Epstein now claims that he cannot defend this case and will "be forced to invoke his Fifth 
Amendment privileges" as a result of the prior-filed 2008 Crime Victim Rights Act proceeding. 
Epstein's desperate, last-ditch effort to avoid a trial on the merits should be rejected. Epstein filed 
the underlying action forming the basis of Mr. Edwards's malicious prosecution claim after 
the Doe v. United States proceeding had been pending for over a year. Epstein's Amended 
EFTA00808577
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 3 of 7 
Complaint explicitly recognized that one of the potential outcomes of that proceeding was the 
Federal Court "invalidating the [Non-Prosecutionj Agreement." To now suggest, on the eve of 
trial, that this case should be stayed indefinitely pending resolution of that proceeding is belied by 
common sense and is an affront to Mr. Edwards's right to a timely trial on the merits. Epstein 
initiated this litigation. He asserted that the claims being pursued by Mr. Edwards's clients were 
false and fabricated. After eight long years, the time has finally come for a jury to 
determine whether Epstein had any basis for these allegations, and Epstein is barred from 
using a prior-filed 2008 proceeding to avoid that determination. 
We should make the point that 
Epstein pled guilty when asked by the State trial court about similar allegations; had his deposition 
taken numerous times in those cases and took the 5'h each time; then filed this action and also 
chose to invoke the 5th. 
Memorandum of Law 
a. Waiver 
"Waiver is the intentional or voluntary relinquishment of a known right or conduct which 
warrants an inference of the relinquishment of a known right." Aberdeen Golf & Country Club v. 
Bliss Const.. Inc., 932 So. 2d 235, 244 (Fla. 4th DCA 2005). The elements of waiver are: (1) the 
existence at the time of the waiver of a right privilege, advantage or benefit which may be waived; 
(2) the actual or constructive knowledge of the right; and (3) the intention to relinquish the 
right. Goodwin v. Blu Murray Ins. Agency, Inc., 939 So. 2d 1098, 1104 (Fla. 5th DCA 2006). 
Epstein clearly waived any argument that the 2008 Doe v. United States proceeding impeded his 
defense of Mr. Edwards' malicious prosecution claim when he filed this underlying action in 2009, 
EFTA00808578
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 4 of 7 
over a year after Doe was first initiated. Moreover, Epstein directly cited to and referenced the 
pending Doe v. United States proceeding in his Amended Complaint filed on April 12, 2011: 
. . . Instead, the purpose of requesting those records was to obtain them for use in a 
separately filed Criminal Victims Rights Act (CVRA) suit, Jane Doe I and Jane Doe 
2, Case No. 08-80736-CIV, Marra/Johnson, which was brought for several 
purposes, including invalidating the /Non-Prosecution) Agreement . . . 
Amended Complaint at paragraph 29(4) (emphasis added). 
Epstein therefore not only knew that Doe v. United States was pending, but he 
acknowledged to this Court way back in 2011 that one of the potential outcomes of that proceeding 
was the invalidation of his plea deal. Certainly, if Epstein intended to rely on this fact to stay or 
delay this proceeding, the time to raise it was (at the very latest) April 12, 2011, when Epstein filed 
that Amended Complaint. He failed to do so, and instead chose to prosecute his underlying claims 
for another year and defend against Mr. Edwards' malicious prosecution claim for five more years. 
That active participation serves to waive any argument that the Doe v. United States proceeding 
justifies an indefinite stay of this case. C.f. Gordon v. Shield, 41 So. 3d 931, 033 (Fla. 4th DCA 
2010) (stating that, in the context of arbitration, a party's "active participation in litigation" serves 
to waive the right to arbitration). 
b. Equitable Estoppel 
Epstein's attempt to stay this case is also barred by the doctrine of equitable estoppel, 
which has been a fundamental principle of American jurisprudence for centuries. Florida Dept. of 
Health & Rehab. Services v. S.A.P., 835 So. 2d 1091, 1096 (Fla. 2002). Equitable estoppel 
is "based on principals of fair play and essential justice [that] arises when one party lulls another 
EFTA00808579
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 5 of 7 
party into a disadvantageous legal position." Bueno v. Workman 20 So. 3d 993, 997 (Fla. 4th 
DCA 2009). The elements of equitable estoppel are: (1) a representation as to a material fact that 
is contrary to a later-asserted position, (2) reliance on that representation, and (3) a change in 
position detrimental to the party claiming estoppel, caused by the representation and reliance 
thereon. Id. 
It is difficult to imagine a more clear-cut example of equitable estoppel than Epstein's 
eleventh-hour attempt to indefinitely stay litigation that he started, based on a situation that he 
created. Epstein filed suit, representing to this Court and Mr. Edwards that he intended to prove 
that Mr. Edwards had fabricated the sexual abuse allegations against him. Epstein did so with full 
knowledge of the pending Doe v. United States proceeding and while recognizing the possibility 
that his Non-Prosecution Agreement could be invalidated. 
Mr. Edwards was forced to defend against these allegations for three (3) years, in reliance 
on Epstein's representations. After Epstein voluntarily dismissed his claims, Mr. Edwards then 
spent the next five (5) years pursing his malicious prosecution claim, which required Epstein to 
put forth at least some evidence that the allegations asserted in the underlying complaint were true: 
Mr. Edwards' clients had in fact pursued false sexual abuse claims against Epstein. Mr. Edwards 
has therefore expended substantial time and resources in this litigation in reliance on Epstein's 
representation that Epstein had probable cause to pursue his claims in the first place. 
Now, on the eve of trial, Epstein has changed tactics and asserted a new position: he cannot defend 
against the malicious prosecution claims because of the 2008 Doe v. United States proceeding, 
which was filed before Epstein initiated this litigation. If that is true, how did Epstein intend to 
EFTA00808580
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 6 of 7 
prove his claims against Mr. Edwards in the first place? Certainly, if Epstein could not defend 
against a malicious prosecution claim, then he should never have filed the underlying action to 
begin with. Simply put, Epstein's eleventh-hour attempt to avoid a trial due to circumstances that 
he created is unavailing and should be rejected based on the principles of equitable estoppel. 
Conclusion 
Based 
upon 
the foregoing, Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards respectfully 
submits that Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Continue and request for an eleventh-hour stay of this 
case should be denied. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
y 
' 
, 2017. 
JAC 
C 'OLA 
Flo da tar No.: 
to 
E-Mail s 
; and 
rimary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808581
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA0401300XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Motion to Continue Hearing Scheduled for October 3, 2017 
Page 7 of 7 
COUNSEL LIST 
William Chester Brewer, 
uire 
• 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldbe er 
• uire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 5. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & 
Lehman, 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Pho 
Fred Haddad, 
• uire 
Fred Haddad, 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-467-1223 
Fax: (954)-337-3716 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S.1‘!t
 ,clirtiuire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Fax:
Fa
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00808582

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808583.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 75541735 E-Filed 07/26/2018 11:08:16 AM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
individually, 
Defendants. 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO 
COMPEL COUNTER-PLAINTIFF BRADLEY J. EDWARDS TO IDENTIFY BATES 
NUMBERS OF DOCUMENTS PRODUCED 
Bradley J Edwards ("Edwards"), by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this 
Response in Opposition to Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Compel Edwards to Identify 
Bates Numbers of Documents Produced thereto, and as grounds therefor states as follows: 
In 2012, Edwards filed his privilege log in the underlying lawsuit filed by Jeffrey Epstein 
("Epstein") against Edwards, Scott Rothstein, and victim ■. Although Epstein made some effort 
to challenge the privilege log in early 2012, he (through his prior counsel, Fowler White) 
eventually abandoned these discovery issues and instead chose to voluntarily dismiss all of his 
claims against Edwards on the eve of a summary judgment hearing, without ever having filed any 
opposition. As the barrage of recent motions demonstrates, Epstein's new trial counsel does not 
agree with Fowler White's litigation strategy decision in this matter. 
Now, six years later, after discovery has been closed since November 2017 and two (2) 
trial dates have been continued at the request of Epstein, Epstein's new trial counsel seeks to 
EFTA00808583
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Identification of Bates Number. 
relitigate waived discovery issues in order to continue wasting Court resources and to ensure that 
no jury is ever impaneled to decide Edwards' malicious prosecution counterclaim. Epstein's 
newest tactic? Motion practice requesting that Edwards' counsel review discovery production in 
the underlying case that occurred over five years ago to "identify by Bates number the documents 
that [were] produced in this case." If Epstein's new trial counsel would like to know what Epstein's 
former trial counsel knew — which documents were produced to them in this case - they should 
contact the numerous prior attorneys that have represented Epstein in this proceeding. Or they 
should consult with their co-counsel, Jack Goldberger, Esq., who has been counsel of record for 
years in this case. In any event, it is simply not the responsibility of Edwards' counsel to perform 
document review for Epstein's trial counsel, of documents already reviewed by Edwards' counsel 
years ago. 
Moreover, Edwards has already specifically identified by bates number the 49 privileged 
documents that Epstein obtained in violation of a Federal bankruptcy court order and attempted to 
list as exhibits the week before the parties' March 13, 2018 trial date. Those documents are 
identified in the chart below, which was included in Edwards' Motion to Strike Epstein's Untimely 
Supplemental Exhibits and to Strike all Exhibits and Any Reference to Documents Containing 
Privileged Materials Listed on Edwards' Privilege Log, which the Court granted at the March 8, 
2018 pre-trial hearing: 
Number of Privileged Emails 
in Epstein's Possession 
(49 TOTAL) 
Bates Numbers from Epstein's 
Untimely Supplemental 
Exhibit #13 
Bates Number/Range on 
Edwards' February 23, 2011 
Privilege Log 
02645 
02633-02646 
00149 
00149 
EFTA00808584
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800)OOOO4BAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Identification of Bates Number. 
01527 
01527 
04493 
04491-04518 
04494 
04494 
04495 
04495 
00014 
00014 
00090 
00090 
00133 
00133 
08006 
08000-08011 
00026 
00026 
01004 
01003-01005 
I 
12289 
12289 
26481 
26479-26481 
I 
26480 
26479-26481 
26356 
26356 
26570 
26570 
03731 
03719-03736 
06406-06408 
06404-06408 
01686 
01686 
11123-11125 
11123-11136 
11126 
11126 
25925 
25925 
25874 
25874 
11145 
11143-11146 
EFTA00808585
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Identification of Bates Number. 
03191 
03191-03196 
04398-04402 
04387-04402 
04408-04412 
04403-04416 
267476 
26741-26763 
08042 
08033-08070 
26741 
26741-26763 
08059-08061 
08033-08070 
26756-26758 
26741-26763 
08036-08038 
08033-08070 
26762 
26741-26763 
01117 
01112-01117 
08121-08123 
08118-08123 
26749-26752 
26741-26763 
08128.08130 
08124-08156 
08118-08120 
08118-08123 
08131-08133 
08124-08156 
08124-08126 
08124-08156 
08135-08138 
08124-08156 
27494 
27494 
26760 
26741-26763 
25997 
25997 
25937 
25937 
26604-26605 
26604-26605 
EFTA00808586
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Identification of Bates Number. 
07019-07021 
07019-07024 
Lastly, the time-consuming exercise Epstein is requesting Edwards' counsel to perform is 
one that he can complete himself. It would require starting with the filed privilege log, which 
clearly indicates all documents by Bates number which were, at that time, withheld from 
production on the basis of an assertion of privilege. Later, a category of documents consisting of 
approximately 163 pages of emails on the privilege log were ordered to be produced and those 
documents were then produced. The combination of all Bates numbers not included on the 
privilege log plus the 163 pages that were later ordered to be produced comprises the universe of 
produced documents. 
Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, Plaintiff Bradley Edwards respectfully requests that the Court 
deny Epstein's motion. 
EFTA00808587
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Identification of Bates Number. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this at; day of July, 2018. 
JACK SCAROLA 
Florida Bar No.: 
KAREN E. TERRY 
Florida Bar No.: 
DAVID P. VITALE JR. 
Florida Bar No.: 
Attorney E-Mails: 
and 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808588
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
• 
Case No. 502009CA040800)OOO(MBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Identification of Bates Number. 
COUNSEL LIST 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Kara Rockenbach, 
Link & Rockenbach, 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldbe er, 
uire 
After ury oldberger & 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Se al, Es uire 
• 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-721-0400 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards, Es 
Esquire 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort 
Pho 
Fax: 
EFTA00808589

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808590.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 75231691 E-Filed 07/19/2018 04:20:29 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
•I., individually, 
Defendants. 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO 
ALLOW AMENDMENT TO EXHIBIT LIST AND SUPPLEMENT TO MOTION TO 
ALLOW AMENDMENT TO EXHIBIT LIST 
Bradley J Edwards ("Edwards"), by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this 
Response in Opposition to Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Allow Amendment to Exhibit 
List and Supplement thereto, and as grounds therefor states as follows: 
Delay. Delay. Delay 
When the Court peels back the layers of Defendant Epstein's attempt to drastically alter 
his Exhibit List, it will be left with a rather basic question: How far will the Defendant be permitted 
to go in his efforts to avoid a trial of this nearly nine (9) year old case? 
On November I, 2017, the law firm of Link & Rockenbach entered its appearance in this 
case as trial counsel on behalf of Epstein. At the time, this case was set to begin trial on December 
5, 2017, and the parties had already exchanged exhibit and witness lists pursuant to the Court's 
Order Specially Setting Trial, which was entered on July 20, 2017. 1
' Two days later, on November 3, 2017, Edwards filed his Objections to Epstein's Trial Exhibits. 
EFTA00808590
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
On November 6, 2017, Epstein filed his Motion to Continue the December 5, 2017 special 
set trial. In the Motion to Continue, Epstein made the following representation to the Court and 
the parties: 
Following the Court's clear and unambiguous advice at the October 3, 2017, 
hearing to fortify lead counsel in the preparation and defense of his claim, on 
October 13, 2017, Plaintiff retained new trial counsel, who appeared in the case on 
November I, 2017. Plaintiff also retained a team of lawyers from the Gunster law 
firm as trial support. None of the things Plaintiff is asking for in this Motion is 
based on lack of manpower. Even using all of these resources, there is still not 
enough time to get everything that is needed done before the December 5, 2017, 
trial date. Importantly, Plaintiff and his trial counsel will not seek another 
continuance. We will be ready to try the case in 90 days. 
(Emphasis added). Based in part on this representation, the Court granted the Motion to Continue 
and reset this case for a special set trial on March 13, 2018. 
Despite the representation that it would not seek any further continuances, at the December 
5, 2017 all-day hearing, Plaintiff and his trial counsel asked the Court to indefinitely stay this case 
pending resolution of the Crime Victim's Rights Act Proceeding in federal court. The Court denied 
Epstein's Motion for Temporary Stay of Proceedings on the record, and the corresponding order 
was entered on December 28, 2017. 
Yet, on March 5, 2018, after the parties had taken up a considerable amount of the Court's 
resources for multi-day special set hearings and other matters, Epstein once again sought to avoid 
trial by filing a Motion to Remove Case from Trial Docket, based on a hyper-technical argument 
that the case was not "at issue" under Rule 1.440. In what was in all likelihood a first in this Judicial 
Circuit, Epstein did not assert that Edwards' malicious prosecution claim was not at issue. Rather, 
Epstein argued that his claim against Scott Rothstein, an uncollectible defendant in federal prison, 
EFTA00808591
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
was not at issue as a result of Epstein's own dilatory conduct in failing to know what pleading was 
pending against Rothstein and failing to know whether a default had been entered. 
At the hearing on March 8, 2018, Epstein's trial counsel nonetheless repeatedly claimed 
that they were "excited" to try this case, and, in fact, represented to the Court repeatedly that they 
were "ready to try the case" on March 13, 2018. See 3/8/18 Hr'g Tr. at 14:13-14. However, when 
given the option to waive any technical argument under Rule 1.440, they declined to do so: 
MR. LINK: 
Thank you. 
I know Mr. Scarola said they're excited 
to try the case, believe me, Judge, we are 
really excited to try the case. 
The evidence that we recently 
discovered — 
THE COURT: Then waive the technicality. If you are so 
excited about it, then waive the technicality. 
MR. LINK: 
I won't do that, Judge. 
3/8/18 Hearing Tr. at 49:8-17. 
Although Epstein's trial counsel would not waive the technically, they did represent to the 
Court that, if the Court were to remove the case from the trial docket and deny severance of the 
Edwards v. Epstein counterclaim and the Epstein v. Rothstein claim, they were prepared to have a 
default judgment entered against Rothstein that day and would be remain "ready" to try this case 
within 50 days, or by April 27, 2018: 
MS. ROCKENBACH: I have an order for the Court to sign to enter 
a default. Served it on Mr. Rothstein's 
counsel of record, Marc Nurik. And we will 
then be ready once this Court enters the 
default, and presumably either party notices 
it for trial in 20 days when it is then at 
issue, this Court can then set it no less 30 days. 
EFTA00808592
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
3/8/18 Hearing Tr. at 11, 6-14. 
At the end of the oral argument on Epstein's Motion to Remove Case From Trial Docket, 
undersigned counsel warned that the hyper-technical argument being raised with regard to Rule 
1.440 was merely a ploy to reopen discovery and delay this case once again by, among other things, 
attempting to invalidate the Court's July 20, 2017 pre-trial order: 
MR. SCAROLA: 
The defense, in violation of this Court's order, last week 
listed 724 new exhibits they want to use. And they are going 
to use this hyper technicality to say the pretrial order was 
invalid because the case was not at issue; a new pretrial 
order needs to be issued; discovery is not yet closed; we 
have an opportunity to proceed with additional discovery; 
and we can amend our exhibit list, and we can include 724 
new exhibits, and more which they say we are still finding. 
3/8/18 Hearing Tr. at 65:24 to 66:10. 
And, now here we are. After representing to the Court in November 2017 that Epstein 
would be ready to try this case on March 13, 2018, after representing to the Court on March 8, 
2018 that they were ready to try the case on March 13, 2018 but for a hyper-technical "at issue" 
argument, and after representing to the Court that they would be ready to try the case by 
April 27,2018 (as long as Rothstein's claim was not severed, of coursel, When one reviews the 
timeline and conflicting representations made above, Epstein's strategy becomes quite clear. 
If Epstein is permitted to amend his exhibit list to add exhibits that were publicly available 
years before trial counsel entered its appearance in this case, the parties will necessarily be 
required to take additional discovery to cure the resulting prejudice to Edwards, who disclosed his 
witness and exhibit list, and prepared to try this nearly decade old case, without the burden of 
EFTA00808593
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
dealing with these newly listed exhibits' Epstein's decision to omit these exhibits from his prior 
lists (as required by the Court's pre-trial order and by the Court's oral pronouncements at the 
December 5, 2017 hearing that all exhibits were to be disclosed and this case would not be tried 
by ambush) was the tactical choice made by Epstein's lengthy series of prior lawyers. Every single 
proposed exhibit was available to Epstein prior to the Court-ordered deadline on exhibit 
disclosures. No manufactured continuances can change that fact, and permitting Epstein to use 
untimely exhibits at trial would substantially prejudice Edwards. Accordingly, the Court should 
deny Epstein's motion and supplement thereto. 
Argument
I. 
The Court's Orders Are Clear: The Deadline to Amend Exhibit Lists Has Long 
Since Passed. 
First, it is Edwards' position that the Court's Order Specially Setting Trial, entered on July 
20, 2017,3 is valid. The parties have been operating under that Order for over a year, and as recently 
as the March 8, 2018 hearing, Epstein, through counsel, represented that he would be ready to try 
this case by no later than April 27, 2018. In making that representation, Epstein's counsel never 
raised any issue regarding the validity of the pre-trial order and Epstein is estopped from raising 
any such argument now. See Watson Clinic, LLP v. Verzosa, 816 So. 2d 832, 834 (Fla. 2d DCA 
2002) (identifying the elements of equitable estoppel). And, even if the doctrine of equitable 
estoppel did not apply, the representation by Epstein's counsel that they were ready to try this case 
on April 27, 2018, without the necessity of a new pre-trial order, is clearly a waiver of what is 
The same is true for Epstein's renewed request to disclose an "expert" witness, Skip Smith, a request that has already 
been denied by this Court. 
A copy of the Court's Order Specially Setting Trial is attached hereto as Exhibit 'A'. 
EFTA00808594
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
nothing more than another hyper-technical argument. Les Goodwin v. Blu Murray Ins. Agency, 
Inc., 939 So. 2d 1098, 1104 (Fla. 5th DCA 2006) ("The elements of waiver are: (1) the existence 
at the time of the waiver of a right, privilege, advantage, or benefit which may be waived; (2) the 
actual or constructive knowledge of the right; and (3) the intention to relinquish the right."). 
Moreover, Epstein has already tried unsuccessfully (twice) to reopen pretrial deadlines to 
allow the amendment of his Exhibit List. First, on November 27, 2017, the Court entered its Order 
on Motion to Reconfirm Existing Pretrial Deadlines and Re Pretrial Stipulation'', in which this 
Court rejected Epstein's request to push the pretrial deadlines given the March 13, 2018 trial date. 
The Court explicitly stated that any attempt to seek additional discovery (or, presumably, to alter 
the reconfirmed pretrial deadlines), would be permitted only if the moving party could show that 
the request was "impacted by the Court's rulings on motions currently pending to be heard on 
November 28, December 5th and December 7th." 
Over the last nine (9) months, the Court has made clear that it meant what it said: all pretrial 
deadlines have passed. In fact, Epstein attempted to unilaterally amend his Exhibit List on March 
5, 2018, and the Court granted Edwards' motion to strike the untimely exhibits at issue. Edwards 
urges the Court in the interest of justice to continue upholding its July 20, 2017 and November 27, 
2017 orders. Discovery is closed. Pretrial deadlines have passed. Both parties have represented on 
the record that they have been ready to try this case since March 8, 2018, and the Court should 
require the parties to stick to their word. 
A copy of the Court's November 20, 2017 Order is attached hereto as Exhibit 'B'. 
EFTA00808595
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
II. 
The Joint Pre-Trial Stipulation Does Not Permit Amendment in Violation of This 
Court's Orders. 
Epstein's reliance on the Joint Pre-Trial Stipulation is a classic example of trying to have 
your cake and eat it too. Epstein tells this Court that the Order Specially Setting Trial, entered on 
July 20, 2017, is invalid. See Mot. at p. 5 ("There is no trial order in place."). Yet, Epstein attempts 
to rely upon the Joint Pre-Trial Stipulation that was entered pursuant to the very pre-trial order he 
claims is invalid. The Court should not permit this sort of double-sided argument. 
In any event, at the December 5, 2017 hearing, the Court instructed that any identified 
exhibits not previously produced must be provided to opposing counsel by no later than December 
19, 2017. See. e.g., 12/5/17 Tr. at 225:21-226:4. The Court also cautioned that general "catch-all" 
exhibit categories would not be permitted and that, instead, the specific documents covered by 
such exhibits must be separately identified and produced. See. e.g., 12/5/17 Tr. at 223:11- 225:14. 
In compliance with this Order, Edwards broke out certain exhibits related to the Crime Victim's 
Rights Act case that had previously been included within a now stricken "catch-all" exhibit 
category. 
On December 22, 2017, Epstein and Edwards filed their Joint Pretrial Stipulation, in which 
the parties reserved their "right to amend their Exhibit Lists." Obviously, the right of either party 
to amend their Exhibit List is subject to the discretion of the Court, particularly given the Court's 
December 5th ruling that trial by ambush would not be permitted, that all exhibits were to have 
been disclosed by December 19, 2017, and that general "catch-all" categories were explicitly 
prohibited. See City of Opa Locka v. Williams, 901 So. 2d 865 (Fla. 1st DCA 2005 (amendment 
should have been permitted where the pretrial stipulation at issue agreed that the parties could 
EFTA00808596
--- PAGE 8 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
amend "without leave of court" for up to 30 days before trial). In fact, when Epstein attempted to 
unilaterally amend his exhibit list prior to the March 13, 2018 trial date, the Court struck the 
additional exhibits as untimely and in violation of this Court's repeated orders regarding the 
timeframe in which exhibits were to be disclosed. Epstein has cited to no authority that would 
permit the parties' pre-trial stipulation to override a trial court's orders, and Edwards respectfully 
suggests that no such authority exists. Thus, the Court should uphold its prior ruling denying 
Epstein leave to amend his exhibit list beyond the pretrial deadline. 
III. 
Edwards Would Be Severely Prejudiced by The Proposed Amendment. 
Epstein seeks to amend his Exhibit List to include the following categories of documents, 
all of which were available to Epstein for years prior to the Court's deadline to disclose trial 
exhibits: (1) Exhibits from production in this case; (2) Public records related to El., 
1., and 
Jane Doe; (3) Public records related to a 2015 case involving Edwards and Alan Dershowitz; (4) 
Publicly available information regarding Edwards on his law firm's website; (5) Publicly available 
information regarding Edwards' property records; and (6) Publicly available information related 
to the Crime Victim's Rights Act case, to which Epstein has intervened. These documents could 
have been listed on Epstein's original exhibit list, and the only reason they weren't is because 
Epstein's prior counsel chose not to do so. Now, Epstein's trial counsel seeks a "do-over" so that, 
rather than appear as trial counsel on the eve of trial to actually try the case, they can reopen 
discovery and start from scratch. Binger, however, does not permit Epstein to do so. 
Epstein correctly notes that the Court should not permit Epstein to amend his exhibit list if 
the proposed amendment would prejudice Edwards. See, e.g. Mot. at 6 (ghkgt 
Tomlinson-
EFTA00808597
--- PAGE 9 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
McKenzie v. Prince, 718 So. 2d 394, 396 (Fla. 4th DCA 1998) (citing Binger). As the Fourth DCA 
aptly stated in Tomlinson-McKenzie: 
The objecting party is prejudiced by the admission of such evidence if the party 
might have taken some action to protect itself had it had timely notice of the 
witness or exhibit, and there exists no other alternatives to alleviate the prejudice. 
The supreme court, in Binger, stated that 
Prejudice in this sense refers to the surprise in fact of the objecting party, and it is 
not dependent on the adverse nature of the testimony. Other factors which may 
enter into the trial court's exercise of discretion are: (i) the objecting party's ability 
to cure the prejudice or, ... [its] independent knowledge of the existence of the 
witness; (ii) the calling party's possible intentional, or bad faith, 
noncompliance with the pretrial order; and (iii) the possible disruption of the 
orderly and efficient trial of the case (or other cases). 
718 So. 2d at 396 (emphasis added). 
Obviously, had Edwards known that Epstein intended to utilize these publicly available 
exhibits, he would have altered his pretrial strategy by taking additional depositions, serving 
altered discovery requests, by identifying any necessary rebuttal witnesses as permitted by the 
Court's Order Specially Setting Trial. 5ss Order at p. 1 (rebuttal witnesses to be disclosed ten days 
after the exchange of the parties' exhibit lists), and would have challenged the admissibility of the 
newly listed exhibits in a series of motions in limine. The now second attempt to amend Epstein's 
exhibit list would therefore cause significant prejudice to Edwards and would in all likelihood 
necessitate the reopening of discovery and further extensive delays in the eventual trial of this case. 
Of course, as can be seen from the timeline laid out in the beginning of this response, that is clearly 
Epstein's ultimate goal. 
Moreover, the Tomlinson-McKenzie court, following Binger, identifies as an important 
factor whether the moving party either intentionally or in bad-faith failed to comply with the trial 
EFTA00808598
--- PAGE 10 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
court's pre-trial order. Epstein attempts to circumvent this factor by playing a game of bait and 
switch as to who is bound by the Court's pretrial deadlines and whose bad-faith or intentional 
violation is at issue: 
Epstein's current counsel had not been retained when the Court entered its July 
20, 2017 Order Specially Setting Trial. . . The request to amend is not made in bad 
faith but, rather, is necessitated by the change in the scope and focus of the trial as 
determined in December 2017. Epstein's new counsel took steps in good faith 
after that hearing to reevaluate all evidence compiled to determine how to best 
defend Epstein's case and determined an amended to Epstein's Exhibit list was 
warranted. 
Mot. at 7-8. 
Whether Epstein's current counsel attempted to comply with the Court's pre-trial order is 
irrelevant. The question is whether Epstein, through his prior counsel, complied with the pre-trial 
order in good faith. And, the answer to that question is Wes'. Epstein filed his Exhibit List in 
advance of the October 6, 2017 deadline for exhibit list disclosures. All that has happened since 
then is that Epstein retained new trial counsel, on the eve of trial, to try a case that had been worked 
up for years. It is abundantly clear that Epstein's new trial counsel is dissatisfied with the way in 
which Epstein's prior counsel prepared the defense of this case. They want a do-over, and the 
repeated attempts to amend Epstein's exhibit list are nothing more than thinly-disguised requests 
for the Court to bail Epstein out for what his new trial counsel sees as an imperfect defense strategy. 
The Court, however, has made abundantly clear at recent hearings that both parties are responsible 
for the way this case was worked up over the past nine (9) years. Therefore, given the substantial 
prejudice to Edwards and the fact that every single proposed new exhibit was available to Epstein 
well in advance of the Court-ordered deadline for exhibit disclosures, Edwards respectfully 
requests that the Court deny Epstein's now second attempt to amend his Exhibit List. 
EFTA00808599
--- PAGE 11 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, Plaintiff Bradley Edwards respectfully requests that the Court 
deny Epstein's request to amend his Exhibit List. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all 
all Counsel on the attached list, this  an day of July, 2018. 
c 
JACK SCAROLA 
Florida Bar No.: 169440 
KAREN E. TERRY 
Florida Bar No.: 
DAVID P. VITALE JR. 
Florida Bar No.: 
Attome E-Mails: 
•••••••• 
;and 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808600
--- PAGE 12 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800)OOCXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Amend Exhibit List. 
COUNSEL LIST 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Kara Rockenbach, E 
Link & Rockenbach, 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Faxral. 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldber er, Es uire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Se al, Esquire 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradle J. Edwards, Es uire 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Pho 
Fax:
EFTA00808601
--- PAGE 13 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIRCUIT CIVIL DIVISION AG 
CASE NO. 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s) 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L M, individually, 
Defendant(s). 
ORDER SPECIALLY SETTING JURY TRIAL 
THIS CAUSE came before this court on July 6, 2017 on Counter-
Plaintiff, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS', Motion to Set Cause for Trial and the 
Court's Motion to Determine Need for Discovery/Motion Scheduling Order and 
the court having reviewed the Motion, heard argument and being otherwise 
fully advised in the premises, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that this case is specially set, number one, 
for jury trial on Tuesday, December 5, 2017, at 9:30 M., (10 days reserved) 
in Courtroom 10C, Palm Beach County Courthouse, 205 North Dixie Highway, 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401. 
II. UNIFORM PRETRIAL PROCEDURE 
A. On the last business day no later than 60 DAYS PRIOR TO TRIAL the parties shall 
exchange lists of all trial exhibits, names and addresses.of all trial witnesses, and names 
and addresses of all expert witnesses. 
B. On the last business day no later than 50 DAYS PRIOR TO TRIAL the parties shall 
exchange lists of names and addresses of all rebuttal witnesses. 
C. In addition to names and addresses of each expert retained to formulate an expert opinion 
with regard to this cause, both on the initial listing and on rebuttal, the parties shall 
provide: 
1. the subject matter about which the expert is expected to testify; 
2. the substance of the facts and opinions to which the expert is expected to testify; 
3. a summary of the grounds for each opinion; 
Page 1 of 6 
EXHIBIT 
EFTA00808602
--- PAGE 14 ---
Order Specially Setting Jury Trial 
Case No: 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
4. a copy of any written reports issued by the expert regarding this case; and 
5. a copy of the expert's curriculum vitae. 
D. On the last business day no later than 30 DAYS PRIOR TO TRIAL, the parties shall 
confer and: 
I. discuss settlement; 
2. simplify the issues and stipulate, in writing, as to as many facts and issues as 
possible; 
3. prepare a Pre-Trial Stipulation in accordance with paragraph E; and 
4. list all objections to trial exhibits. 
E. PRETRIAL STIPULATIONS MUST BE FILED. It shall be the duty of counsel for the 
Plaintiff to see that the Pre-Trial Stipulation is drawn, executed by counsel for all parties, 
and filed with the Clerk no later than 20 DAYS PRIOR TO TRIAL. UNILATERAL 
PRETRIAL STATEMENTS ARE DISALLOWED, UNLESS APPROVED BY THE 
COURT, AFTER NOTICE AND HEARING SHOWING GOOD CAUSE. Counsel for 
all parties are charged with good faith cooperation in this regard. 
The Pre-Trial 
Stipulation shall contain in separately numbered paragraphs: 
1. a list of all pending motions including MOTIONS IN LIMINE and DAUBERT 
MOTIONS requiring action by the Court and the dates those motions are set for 
hearing (MOTIONS IN LIMINE shall not be heard the day of trial or thereafter). 
All Daubert Motions must be heard 20 days before the start of the trial. 
2. stipulated facts which require no proof at trial which may be read to the trier of 
fact; 
3. a statement of all issues of fact for determination at trial; 
4. each party's numbered list of trial exhibits with specific objections, if any, to 
schedules attached to the Stipulation; 
5. each party's numbered list of trial witnesses with addresses (including all known 
rebuttal witnesses); the list of witnesses shall be on separate schedules attached to 
the Stipulation; 
6. a statement of estimated trial time; 
7. names of attorneys to try case; 
8. number of peremptory challenges per party; and 
9. each party's proposed jury instructions and verdict form, with citations to 
supporting authority, as schedules attached to the Stipulation. 
F. FILING OF PRE-TRIAL STIPULATION. Failure to file the Pre-Trial Stipulation or a 
Court Approved Unilateral Stipulation as above provided may result in the case being 
stricken from the Court's calendar at its sounding or other sanctions. 
G. ADDITIONAL EXHIBITS, WITNESSES OR OBJECTIONS. At trial, the parties shall 
be strictly limited to exhibits and witnesses disclosed and objections reserved on the 
Page 2 of 6 
EFTA00808603
--- PAGE 15 ---
Order Specially Setting Jury Trial 
Case No: 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
schedules attached to the Pre-Trial Stipulation prepared in accordance with paragraphs D 
and E, absent agreement specifically stated in the Pre-Trial Stipulation or order of the 
Court upon good cause shown. Failure to reserve objections constitutes a waiver. A 
party desiring to use an exhibit or witness discovered after counsel have conferred 
pursuant to paragraph D shall immediately furnish the Court and other counsel with a 
description of the exhibit or with the witness' name and address and the expected subject 
matter of the witness' testimony, together with the reason for the late discovery of the 
exhibit or witness. Use of the exhibit or witness may be allowed by the Court for good 
cause shown or to prevent manifest injustice. 
H. DISCOVERY. Unless permitted by court order, all discovery must be completed no 
later than 10 DAYS BEFORE THE DATE SET FOR TRIAL. ABSENT A TRUE 
EMERGENCY, FAILURE TO COMPLETE DISCOVERY SHALL NOT 
CONSTITUTE GROUNDS FOR CONTINUANCE. 
I. PRE-TRIAL CONFERENCE. No pre-trial conference pursuant to Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.200 
is set by the Court on its own motion. If a pre-trial conference is set upon motion of a 
party, counsel shall meet and prepare a stipulation pursuant to paragraphs D and E and 
file the stipulation no later than 5 DAYS BEFORE THE CONFERENCE. Failure to 
request a pre-trial conference in a timely fashion constitutes a waiver of the notice of 
requirement of Rule 1.200. Motions for Summary Judgment will not be heard at any pre-
trial conference. 
J. UNIQUE QUESTIONS OF LAW. Prior to trial, counsel for the parties are directed to 
exchange and simultaneously submit to the Court appropriate memoranda with citations 
to legal authority in support of any unique legal questions which may reasonably be 
anticipated to arise during the trial. 
K. MODIFICATION TO UNIFORM PRE-TRIAL PROCEDURE. Upon written stipulation 
of the parties filed with the court, the Pre-Trial Procedure, except for items II D-F, 
inclusive, may be modified in accordance with the panics' stipulation, except to the 
extent that the stipulation may interfere with the Court's scheduling of the matter for trial 
or hinder the orderly progress of the trial. 
L. PREMARKING EXHIBITS. Prior to trial, each party shall meet with and assist the clerk 
in marking for identification all exhibits, as directed by the clerk. 
M. DEPOSITION DESIGNATIONS. No later than 20 DAYS PRIOR TO TRIAL, each 
party shall serve his, her, or its designation of depositions, or portions of depositions, 
each intends to offer as testimony in his, her or its case in chief. No later than 10 DAYS 
PRIOR TO TRIAL each opposing party shall serve his, her, or its counter (or 
"fairness") designations to portions of depositions designated, together with objections to 
Page 3 of 6 
EFTA00808604
--- PAGE 16 ---
Order Specially Setting Jury Trial 
Case No: 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
the depositions, or portions thereof, originally designated. No later than trial, each party 
shall serve his, her or its objections to counter designations served by an opposing party. 
Ill. MEDIATION 
A. All parties are required to participate in mediation. 
1. The appearance of counsel who will try the case and representatives of each party 
with full authority to enter into a complete compromise and settlement is 
mandatory. If insurance is involved, an adjuster with authority up to the policy 
limits or the most recent demand, whichever is lower, shall attend. 
2. At least ONE WEEK BEFORE THE CONFERENCE, all parties shall file with 
the mediator a brief, written summary of the case containing a list of issues as to 
each party. If an attorney or party tiling the summary wishes its content to remain 
confidential, he/she must advise the mediator in writing when the report is filed. 
3. All discussions, representations, and statements made at the mediation conference 
shall be privileged consistent with Florida Statutes sections 44.102 and 90.408. 
4. The mediator has no power to compel or enforce a settlement agreement. If a 
settlement is reached, it shall be the responsibility of the attorneys or parties to 
reduce the agreement to writing and to comply with Florida Rule of Civil 
Procedure 1.730(6), unless waived. 
B. The Plaintiff's attorney shall be responsible for scheduling mediation. The parties should 
agree on a mediator. If they are unable to agree, any party may apply to the Court for 
appointment of a mediator in conformity with Rule 1.720 (0, Fla. R. Civ. P. The lead 
attorney or party shall file and serve on all parties and the mediator a Notice of Mediation 
giving the time, place, and date of the mediation and the mediator's name. The mediator 
shall be paid $175.00 per hour, unless otherwise agreed by the parties. 
C. Completion of mediation prior to trial is a prerequisite to trial. If mediation is not 
conducted, or if a party fails to participate in mediation, the case, at the Court's 
discretion, may be stricken from the trial calendar, pleadings may be stricken, and other 
sanctions may be imposed. 
D. Any party opposing mediation may proceed under Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 
1,700(b). 
IV. NONCOMPLIANCE 
NONCOMPLIANCE WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS ORDER MAY RESULT IN THE 
STRIKING OF THE CASE, WITNESSES, OR EXHIBITS, OR IMPOSITION OF SUCH 
OTHER SANCTIONS AS ARE JUST. 
Page 4 of 6 
EFTA00808605
--- PAGE 17 ---
Order Specially Setting Jury Trial 
Case No: 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 20th day 
of July, 2017. 
CIRCUIT 
*1:.
Arl. c.it 
JUDGE DONALD HAFELE 
Circuit Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
Andrew A. Harris (~~) 
Bradley James Edwards (ffillia 
Fred Haddad an) 
John Scarola 
irsETPH 
\CKERMAN JR 
Maria Kelchian ~la) 
Matthew D Weissing II~M) 
Pi 4IMP M RUM INC- roN 
service@jurytrial.co Russell S, Adler (~Iffil= 
Tonja Haddad Coleman1.a.) 
William Bennett King Ma) 
William Chester Brewer, Jr. I
William B. King a) 
John Scarola ~Ma 
Rodney G Romano Ilia 
John R. Beranek affi~M) 
Fred Haddad (1.~..~) 
James B Chaplin allin 
Tonja Haddad Coleman Iffilia) 
Fred Haddad all~) 
Page 5 of 6 
EFTA00808606
--- PAGE 18 ---
Order Specially Setting Jury Trial 
Case No: 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
F 
Jayme Lynn Day (JaymeIMMEM) 
John R. Beranek 
Jack A Goldberger 
) 
Andrew A Harris 
Philip M Burlington (=MEM= 
Marc Nurik 
Jack A Goldberger ( 
Bradley Edwards (Mill
illie 
W Chester Brewer Jr (I
IMa 
Page 6 of 6 
EFTA00808607
--- PAGE 19 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN. 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTIISTEIN. individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
EL, individually. 
Dcfendant(s). 
EXHIBIT 
b 
ORDER ON MOTION TO RECONFIRM EXISTING PRETRIAL DEADLINES 
/01/
/2e 
417-77*z/era/ c)
THIS CAUSE having come to be considered upon Bradley J. Edwards' MOTION TO 
RECONFIRM EXISTING PRETRIAL DEADLINES, and the Court having reviewed the file and 
being fully advised in the premises, it is hereby, 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED: C74 0"- Vete- 714.iiteAL c 
j ite.wimaPO 
A /4)4 44- W-44*-4  Peceetierdd oc...tett,a;:tos.Paarc.h
42-17 
440 //den 
fa...4444
1464keereir Ame--tV 
t easzica nett k 'art
a/Afar G.ek
DONE AND ORDERED at West Palm Beach. Palm Beach County. Florida. this  3 7 
day of .-1(.4,•••  , 2017. 
itta#44, 
/m
4044:-1 04^.4-se 
7704-
14-7 
Cert./L.)44 A. 
5:tesI
beenfaecZn. 
tun 
c unscl list.
,7
,e4venerl
eAc4.4Cee, 
9,9> at aam 
DO ALD HAF 
'IRCUIT JUDGE 
pe-4t ;dr 
1717 
EFTA00808608

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808609.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 75280564 E-Filed 07/20/2018 02:02:37 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
individually, 
Defendant, 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO EPSTEIN'S RENEWED MOTION FOR LEAVE TO 
DISCLOSE EXPERT WITNESS 
Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this 
Response in Opposition to Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose 
Expert Witness, and as grounds therefor states as follows: 
&nicer Does Not Permit a Party to Ignore Trial Court Orders 
In this and other motions, Epstein relies on the Supreme Court's decision in Binger to argue 
that Epstein should be permitted to ignore this Court's pre-trial orders, as long as there is no 
prejudice to Edwards. This interpretation of Binger is wrong and is an affront to the authority of a 
trial court to control its docket. Epstein has already tried, once, to belatedly add Mr. Smith as a 
purported "expert" witness well after the Court's deadline to disclose witnesses. The Court denied 
that request by order dated January 17, 2018. 
And, although Epstein relies on Binger and its related cases, this is not a situation where 
Epstein only recently discovered the existence of this new witness or the relevance of his 
EFTA00808609
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness 
"expert" testimony. See Tomlinson-McKenzie v. Prince, 718 So. 2d 394, 396 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1998) ("There was no finding that appellants failed to comply with the pretrial order in bad 
faith. The record reflects that appellants moved to amend the witness and exhibit list as soon 
as the surveillance tape became available.") (emphasis added). Rather, the issues about which 
Epstein seeks to have Mr. Smith testify have been known to Epstein and his extensive team of 
defense lawyers for years. Those attorneys made the tactical decision not to retain an expert in this 
case, and for eight (8) years Edwards prepared his case in reliance on that decision. If the Court 
were to permit Mr. Smith to be added as a witness, this case would be further delayed by the 
reopening of discovery, the taking of Mr. Smith's deposition, and Edwards likely having to retain 
one or more rebuttal experts, assuming Epstein would be able to overcome multiple legal 
challenges to the admissibility of Mr. Smith's opinions. Daubert/Fabre challenges are likely. 
Admissibility hinges on the extent to which legal opinions invade the province of the Court to 
decide probable cause as a matter of law. Prior assertions of Fifth Amendment and Attorney-Client 
privileges present foundational challenges. 
Enough. The parties were ready to try this case on March 13, 2018. At the March 8, 2018 
hearing, counsel for Epstein repeatedly stated on the record that they were ready to try this case, 
which has been pending for 3,146 days. Any further delay in the trial of this matter severely 
prejudices Edwards, who is entitled to his day in court to clear his name in connection with the 
malicious lawsuit Epstein filed on December 7, 2009. And as the delays continue, Edwards is 
denied access to the only effective antidote to the poison that Epstein created and spread to 
intentionally destroy Edwards's reputation. 
EFTA00808610
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness 
In addition to the foregoing, Edwards has included below a slightly revised version of his 
prior-filed Response in Opposition to Epstein's original Motion for Leave to Disclosure Expert 
Witness: 
The Renewed Motion Fails to Meet the Court's Requirements to Reopen Discovery 
1. 
On November 27, 2017, the Court entered its Order on Motion to Reconfirm 
Existing Pre-Trial Deadlines, in which the Court ruled that additional discovery will only 
be permitted if "the discovery requests are impacted by the Court's rulings on motions currently 
pending to be heard on November 29'h, December 6th and Th." At the hearing preceding the Order, 
the Court outlined the standard by which any such additional discovery requests would be 
considered: 
So what I am going to do is this. Because there are issues that need to be 
addressed -- and Pm hoping I will have orders out as soon as possible after 
those hearings are done -- is that I am going to require motions to be filed 
on a discovery issue-by-discovery issue, deposition by deposition, so as to 
find out several things. One, is the need to take that deposition and whether 
that need has been either clarified or required by virtue of a court order that 
will be entered subsequently to the commencement of Wednesday's 
hearings and thereafter on those days that I provided. If it cannot be 
demonstrated to the Court that these witnesses need to be taken solely 
as a result the Court's ruling, then those requests will be denied, 
because, again, we were set to try the case next week. 
ss♦ 
So 20 some-odd deposition, unless they can be proven and shown to the 
Court as being required as a result of the rulings of the Court, will not be 
entertained. They should have been done before. And if not done before, 
I will need a reason for that as well. 
11/27/2017 Hearing Tr. at 12:11-25 and 13:1-6, 17-23. 
EFTA00808611
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness 
2. 
Thus, Epstein must establish that D. Culver Smith III's ("Smith") proposed expert 
testimony is required solely, as a result of a recent Court ruling. Epstein's renewed motion, like the 
prior motion that was denied by the Court, clearly fails to meet this requirement, and therefore 
the renewed motion should be denied. 
A. 
The "Legal Ethics and 1 .sponsibility" Related to the Discovery Edwards 
Conducted in the El 
M. and Jane Doe Cases Has Been at Issue Since 
2009. 
3. 
The first category of Smith's proposed expert testimony is "legal ethics and 
responsibility," regarding the legitimacy of the discovery Edwards conducted in his clients' sexual 
molestation cases. 
4. 
Obviously, the propriety of this discovery has been challenged by Epstein since 
December 7, 2009, when Epstein filed this malicious lawsuit claiming, inter alga, that he had 
somehow been damaged by Edwards's litigation conduct in those cases (despite the absolute 
litigation privilege). In fact, the Court need look no further than Epstein's `Summary of Action' in 
the Complaint, which includes the following allegations: 
Attorney Scott Rothstein aided by other lawyers . . . at the firm of Rothstein, 
Rosenfeldt and Adler, 5., for personal greed and enrichment, in betrayal of the 
ethical, legal and fiduciary duties to their own clients and professional obligations 
to the administrative of justice . . . conductledl egregious civil litigation abuses 
that resulted in profoundly serious iniury to Jeffrey Epstein . . . The 
misconduct featured the filing of legal motions and the pursuit of a civil 
litigation strategy that was unrelated to the merits or value of their clients' 
cases . . . As a result, Epstein was subiect to abusive investigatory tactics, 
unprincipled media attacks, and unsupportable legal filings. . . . 
5. 
Specific allegations concerning Edwards' purported litigation misconduct are 
replete throughout the December 7, 2009 Complaint. See, e.g., ¶ 35 (alleged improper pursuit of 
EFTA00808612
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness 
flight logs); ¶ 36 (alleged improper depositions of pilots); ¶ 38 (alleged improper scheduling of 
depositions of well-known figures). 
6. 
Thus, any 
purported expert 
testimony 
concerning 
Edwards's 
litigation 
strategy and conduct in the three victims' cases (assuming it has any relevance in light of the 
litigation privilege) has been challenged by Epstein since 2009. No recent ruling of the Court 
has impacted in any way on this subject matter so as to give rise to a previously unrecognized need 
for expert testimony, and Edwards would be highly prejudiced in having to depose Smith at this 
juncture and reopen discovery in a case that has been ready for trial since March 2018. 
B. 
Epstein Has Been on Notice of the Attorney Witnesses Since 2010. 
7. 
To the extent Smith is intended to rebut testimony offered by the unretained and 
unpaid attorney witnesses who may provide expert opinion as to the propriety of and justification 
for Edwards's litigation conduct in the underlying victim cases, Epstein has been aware of 
Edwards's intent to call these witnesses since at least 2010. 
8. 
Specifically, Edwards witness lists over the years have included the following 
disclosures: 
a. June 30.2010 (Witness List) 
"All attorneys currently prosecuting claims against Jeffrey Epstein on 
behalf of other victims." 
b. June 25.2013 (Witness List) 
"All attorneys currently prosecution claims against Jeffrey Epstein on 
behalf of other victims" and "Robert Josefsberg, Esquire" 
c. September 27. 2013 (Amended Expert Witness List) 
EFTA00808613
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800,OOOCMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness 
"Experts include all listed attorneys involved in the prosecution of civil 
claims against Jeffrey Epstein arising out of Epstein's serial abuse of 
minor females. They will testify based upon their background, training and 
experience as civil litigators and the personal involvement that each had in 
prosecuting claims against Jeffrey Epstein, about the legal and ethical 
propriety of the actions taken by Bradley Edwards in fulfilling the 
obligations to the victims of Epstein's criminal assaults." 
d. January 6.2014 (Amended and Supplemental Witness List) 
"All attorneys currently prosecution claims against Jeffrey Epstein on 
behalf of other victims" 
"Robert Josefsberg, Esquire" 
"Experts include all listed witnesses involved in the prosecution of civil 
claims against Jeffrey Epstein arising out of Epstein's serial abuse of 
minor females." 
e. January 6, 2014 (Amended Expert Witness List) 
"Experts include all listed attorneys involved in the prosecution of civil 
claims against Jeffrey Epstein arising out of Epstein's serial abuse of 
minor females. They will testify based upon their background, training and 
experience as civil litigators and the personal involvement that each had in 
prosecuting claims against Jeffrey Epstein, about the legal and ethical 
propriety of the actions taken by Bradley Edwards in fulfilling the 
obligations to the victims of Epstein's criminal assaults." 
f. August 15.2016 (Second Amended and Supplemental Witness List) 
"All attorneys currently prosecution claims against Jeffrey Epstein on 
behalf of other victims" and "Robert Josefsberg, Esquire" 
"Experts include all listed witnesses involved in the prosecution of civil 
claims against Jeffrey Epstein arising out of Epstein's serial abuse of 
minor females." 
9. 
The attorneys who were obviously known to Epstein since the day he was served 
with civil complaints, were nevertheless individually named in subsequent witness lists. There can 
EFTA00808614
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness 
therefore be no claim that Epstein was not aware that these witnesses were expected to testify, and 
he has had years to take discovery related to their expected testimony. Tellingly, he as never 
attempted to depose even one of them. 
C. 
Whether Probable Cause Existed (an Issue in This Case Since at Least 2011) 
is a Question of Law for the Court. 
10. 
Absent a disputed material fact, whether Epstein had probable cause to initiate or 
continue his claims against Edwards is an issue of law to be determined by the Court. 
11. 
Florida law is clear: "An expert should not be allowed to testify concerning 
questions of law." Edward J. Seibert, 
Architect & Planner, P.A. v. Bayport Beach & Tennis 
Club Ass'n, Inc., 573 So. 2d 889, 892 (Fla. 2d DCA 1990) citing Devin v. City of Hollywood, 351 
So. 2d 1022, 1022 (Fla. 4th DCA 1976). Thus, Smith's purported opinions on whether probable 
cause existed are improper and irrelevant. 
12. 
And, again, whether Jeffrey Epstein had probable cause to initiate and continue his 
malicious claims against Edwards has been an issue in this case for years, and Edwards specifically 
pled a count for malicious prosecution in his Amended Counterclaim (October 4, 2011), Second 
Amended Counterclaim (November 29, 2011), Third Amended Counterclaim (May 21, 2012) and 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim (January 9, 2013). 
13. 
Epstein therefore had, at a minimum, six (6) years to take discovery on the issue of 
probable cause prior to the discovery deadline on November 24, 2017. Any prejudice for his failure 
to do so is therefore entirely self-inflicted. 
D. 
Edwards Has Pled Reputational Damages in Every Counterclaim in this Case. 
EFTA00808615
--- PAGE 8 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness 
14. 
Epstein has been on notice of Edwards' reputational damages claim since 
December 21, 2009, when Edwards filed his initial counterclaim. Moreover, reputational damages 
were pled in the Malicious Prosecution counts in Edwards' Amended Counterclaim (October 4, 
2011), Second Amended Counterclaim (November 29, 2011), Third Amended Counterclaim (May 
21, 2012) and Fourth Amended Counterclaim (January 9, 2013). 
15. 
Any discovery related to this issue could, and should, have been conducted years 
ago. Once again, any claimed prejudice is entirely self-inflicted. 
Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert 
Witness should be denied. 
EFTA00808616
--- PAGE 9 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800)OOCXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this  
0-11--d:y of July, 2018. 
JACK SCAROLA 
Florida Bar No.: 169 
DAVID P. VITALE JR. 
Florida Bar No.: 
Attorne E-Mail s : 
and 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808617
--- PAGE 10 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness 
COUNSEL LIST 
Bradle J Eth
ml isi
rds, Es 
Esquire 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale FL 33301 
Pho i0 
Fax: 
Jack A.
 Esquire 
jg 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 
. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Se al, Es uire 
• 
Burlington & Rockenbach,
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Pa 
3401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Link & Rockenbach, 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Es uire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
EFTA00808618
--- PAGE 11 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Renewed Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00808619

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808620.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 75231691 E-Filed 07/19/2018 04:20:29 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
El., individually, 
Defendant, 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO 
COMPEL BRADLEY EDWARDS TO IDENTIFY HIS TRIAL WITNESSES 
Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this 
Response in Opposition to Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Compel Bradley Edwards to 
Identify His Trial Witnesses, and as grounds therefor states as follows: 
Epstein's Standard for Admissibility of Witness Testimony 
Although Epstein's Motion concerns the disclosure of trial witnesses, he spend much of 
his time arguing about the admissibility of potential witness testimony in this malicious 
prosecution case. In doing so, Epstein concedes that the standard for the admissibility of witness 
testimony in this case is as follows: 
[U]nless Edwards' listed witnesses have personal knowledge of the matter at 
issue and can speak to what Epstein believed when he filed suit against 
Edwards, the witnesses' testimony would be irrelevant and collateral, and thus, 
inadmissible, even for purposes of impeachment. 
Mot. at p. 14 (emphasis added). 
EFTA00808620
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Edwards to Identify His Trial Witnesses 
Thus, admissibility will turn on whether any proffered witness has personal knowledge of 
facts relevant to Epstein's probable cause to file the December 7, 2009 Complaint. As the Court 
has recognized at prior hearings, the issue of Epstein's probable cause is determined in part by the 
allegations contained within the Complaint Epstein filed against Edwards. Therefore, as Epstein 
concedes, Edwards will be permitted to put forth witnesses who have personal knowledge of facts 
and circumstances tending to prove whether Epstein knew that the allegations in the Complaint 
were false at the time he made them. In this context, both direct and circumstantial evidence of 
what Epstein knew will be compelling proof of what Epstein believed. 
Examples of relevant allegations include: 
Allegation 
Relevant Witness Testimony Admissible at 
Trial 
¶ 35: [Edwards] relentless and knowingly 
pursued flight data and passenger manifests 
regarding flights Epstein took with these famous 
individuals knowing full well that no underage 
women were onboard and no illicit activities 
took place 
Any person who was present on flights with 
Epstein that included underage women who were 
subjected to illicit activities 
¶ 42(h) [Edwards] knew or should have known 
that [his] three (3) filed cases were weak and had 
minimal value for the following reasons... 
Value of Each Case (Compensatory Damages) 
Any person who has personal knowledge of 
Epstein's sexual abuse of ..,., and Jane 
Doe. 
Value of Each Case (Punitive Damages) 
Any person who has personal knowledge of 
Epstein's sexual abuse of other minor children. 
¶ 42(e) After Edwards was recruited and joined 
RRA in the spring of 2009, the tone and tenor of 
rhetoric directed to cases against Epstein used by 
. . . Edwards . . . changed dramatically in 
addressing the court on various motions from 
Any person who has personal knowledge of the 
number of children Epstein sexually abused and 
the system by which he recruited children for said 
abuse. 
EFTA00808621
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Edwards to Identify His Trial Witnesses 
being substantive on the facts pled 
to 
ridiculously inflammatory and sound-bite rich 
such as the July 31, 2009 transcript when 
Edwards stated to the Court in EW/LM: "What 
the evidence is really going to show is that Mr. 
Epstein — at least dating back as far as our 
investigation and resources have permitted, back 
to 1997 or '98 — has every single day of his life, 
made an attempt to sexually abuse children. 
We're not talking about five, we're not talking 
about 20, we're talking about 100, we're not 
talking about 400, which, I believe, is the 
number known to law enforcement, we are 
talking about thousands of children . . . and it is 
through a very intricate and complicated system 
that he devised where he has as many as 20 
people working underneath him that he is paying 
well to schedule these appointments, to locate 
these girls. 
In his Complaint, Epstein relied on these allegations and others to support his "probable 
cause" that Edwards was engaging in abusive litigation tactics for the "sole purpose of continuing 
the massive Ponzi scheme." aes, Complaint at ¶ 30. Thus, as Epstein concedes, Edwards is entitled 
to meet his heavy burden of proof regarding Epstein's lack of probable cause by putting forth 
witnesses who have personal knowledge that, at the time Epstein made the above allegations (and 
others) in the December 7, 2009 Complaint, he knew they were false. Epstein knew that Edwards 
was pursuing the flight logs because Epstein had in fact molested underage children on planes. 
Epstein knew that Edwards was seeking millions and millions of dollars in compensatory and 
punitive damages on behalf of 
and Jane Doe because Epstein had molested 
them, had used them to recruit other children for molestation, and had molested dozens and dozens 
EFTA00808622
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Edwards to Identify His Trial Witnesses 
of other children. Epstein knew the potential value of the compensatory and punitive damage 
claims was enormous. And he knew that Edwards' claim that Epstein had been molesting children 
for over a decade was not made to pump some Ponzi scheme, it was made because it was 
true. Epstein cannot have probable cause to make these allegations if he knew they were false at 
the time he made them. 
Accordingly, although the parties disagree on many issues in this case, they do agree as to 
the standard for admissibility of witness testimony on the issue of probable cause. And it is the 
standard laid out by Epstein in his current motion. 
Edwards Has Already Disclosed His Trial Witnesses as Required by the Court's Orders 
On July 20, 2017, the Court entered its Order Specially Setting Trial (the "Pm-Trial 
Order"). In the Pre-Trial Order, the Court ordered that the parties were to exchange the "names 
and addresses of all trial witnesses" and the "names and addresses of all rebuttal witnesses." 
Contrary to Epstein's suggestion, there is no requirement that the parties identify the subject matter 
of each witness's testimony. 
Although Epstein complains that Edwards' Witness List contains 169 witnesses', Epstein 
neglects to tell the Court that Edwards has broken those witnesses out to clearly identify who is 
most likely to actually be called at trial. Edwards did so pursuant to an order of the Court after 
Epstein 
previously 
complained 
about 
the 
breadth 
of 
Edwards' 
Witness 
List. Specifically, Edwards' 
Witness List now identifies 27 witnesses under the heading 
I Obviously, Edwards is required to list any potential witnesses to avoid having waived his ability to call them at trial. 
EFTA00808623
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Edwards to Identify His Trial Witnesses 
"Expected to be Called at Trial" and 142 witnesses under the heading "May Be Called if the Need 
Arises." Of course, Edwards has filed nine (9) witness lists and four (4) rebuttal witness lists since 
this case began in 2009. Many of the witnesses contained on Edwards' Witness List were disclosed 
on those prior versions, which gave Epstein ample time to take any depositions he deemed 
necessary in preparing this case. Epstein chose not to do so, a litigation decision that has its pros 
and cons, none of which are Edwards', or the Court's, problem. 
Although Epstein complains at length about the "unnecessary, excessive, abusive, and 
deliberately misleading" nature of Edwards' Witness List, Epstein's own Witness List identifies 
witnesses and 9 rebuttal witnesses, yet does not break those witnesses out to identify which 
witnesses are "expected to be called" compared to which witnesses only "may be called if the need 
arises." Edwards has raised no issue with Epstein's Witness List because undersigned counsel 
meant what he said on March 8, 2018: Edwards is ready to try this case that has now been pending 
for 3,146 days. The parties had years to take discovery and to take any depositions that they 
believed were necessary to the preparation of this case. Epstein's counsel also announced to the 
Court at the March 8, 2018 hearing that they were ready to try this case. The Court should hold 
them to their word, and dismiss this claimed "prejudice" argument for what it is: another attempt 
to engage in endless motion practice and to delay the trial in this case until the twelfth of never. 
If Epstein Believes None of the Witnesses Have Admissible Testimony, He Has Nothing to 
Worry About 
Epstein's Motion claims that "[m]ost of the listed witnesses have no personal 
knowledge concerning Edwards' malicious prosecution claim against Epstein or Epstein's 
EFTA00808624
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Edwards to Identify His Trial Witnesses 
probable cause for filing and continuing his proceeding against Edwards." Mot. at p. 1. If that is 
true, and it must be Epstein's position because he neglected to take any depositions of the witnesses 
he complains of, then Epstein has nothing to worry about. Surely, this Court is not going to permit 
Edwards to present witnesses with no personal relevant knowledge. It is therefore hard to 
understand Epstein's claim of prejudice. 
Finally, Epstein's request for Edwards to disclose a detailed summary of the substance 
of each witness's testimony is nothing more than an attempt to invade undersigned counsel's 
mental impressions and make up for what Epstein's current counsel perceives to be inadequacies 
in the pretrial conduct of Epstein's prior counsel. Undersigned counsel's trial strategy is absolutely 
protected by Florida's work-product privilege, and Epstein's attempt to invade that privilege to 
cure any purported defect in the defense's preparation of this case should be rejected. 50 Northup 
v. Acken, 865 So. 2d 1267, 1270 (Fla. 2004) ("Personal views of the attorneys as to how and when 
to present evidence, his evaluation of its relative importance, his knowledge of which witness 
will give certain testimony . . . come within the general category of work product.") (emphasis 
added). 
Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, Epstein's Motion to Compel Edwards to Identify His Trial 
Witnesses should be denied. 
EFTA00808625
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstcin's Motion to Compel Edwards to Identify His Trial Witnesses 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all 
all Counsel on the attached list, this  
t t 
 day of 
 2: 8. 
JAC' 
- • 'OLA 
Florida Bar No.: 16944 
DAVID P. VITALE JR. 
Florida Bar No.: 
Attorney E-Mail 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808626
--- PAGE 8 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Edwards to Identify His Trial Witnesses 
COUNSEL LIST 
Bradle J. Edwards, Esquire 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Pho 
Fax:
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Se al, Es uire 
• 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Scott J. Link, 
Link & Rockenbach, 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Es uire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
EFTA00808627
--- PAGE 9 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Edwards to Identify His Trial Witnesses 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00808628

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808629.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 62456833 E-Filed 10/05/2017 02:26:33 PM 
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
■1., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION TO 
DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF BRADLEY EDWARDS 
Bradley J. Edwards, by and through his undersigned attorneys and pursuant to Rule 1.350, 
Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, hereby responds to Jeffrey Epstein's, Request for Production 
dated September 5, 2017 as follows: 
1. Objection. Attorney work product. 
2. Objection. 
The reference to "the period in question" is undefined, vague and 
ambiguous; the request is overly broad and seeks information that is irrelevant, 
immaterial, and not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence; information requested includes attorney work product; attorney-client 
privileged information, and information protected by rights to financial privacy. 
3. Objection. The request is overly broad and seeks information that is irrelevant, 
immaterial, and not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence; information requested includes attorney work product; attorney-client 
privileged information, and information protected by rights to financial privacy. 
EFTA00808629
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response to Epstein's Request for Production served 9.5.17 
4. Objection. The request is overly broad and seeks information that is irrelevant, 
immaterial, and not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence; information requested includes attorney work product; attorney-client 
privileged information, and information protected by rights to financial privacy. 
5. Objection. The request is overly broad and seeks information that is irrelevant, 
immaterial, and not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence; information requested includes attorney work product; attorney-client 
privileged information, and information protected by rights to financial privacy. 
6. Objection. The request is overly broad and seeks information that is irrelevant, 
immaterial, and not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence; information requested includes attorney work product; attorney-client 
privileged information, and information protected by rights to financial privacy. 
7. Objection. The request is overly broad and seeks information that is irrelevant, 
immaterial, and not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence; information requested includes attorney work product; attorney-client 
privileged information, and information protected by rights to financial privacy. 
8. Objection. The request is overly broad and seeks information that is irrelevant, 
immaterial, and not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence; information requested includes attorney work product; attorney-client 
privileged information, and information protected by rights to financial privacy. 
EFTA00808630
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response to Epstein's Request for Production served 9.5.17 
9. Objection. The request is overly broad and seeks information that is irrelevant, 
immaterial, and not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence; information requested includes attorney work product; attorney-client 
privileged information, and information protected by rights to financial privacy. 
10. Objection. The request is overly broad and seeks information that is irrelevant, 
immaterial, and not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence; information requested includes attorney work product; attorney-client 
privileged information, and information protected by rights to financial privacy. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
imary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808631
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response to Epstein's Request for Production served 9.5.17 
COUNSEL LIST 
William Chester BrewerEsquire 
Australian
R i
 Avenue, Suite 1400 
• 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, E. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradle J. 
E ki
ward 
re 
Fanner Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & 
Lehrman, E. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Pho 
Fax: 
Fred Haddad, 
Fred Haddad, 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Pho 
Fax:
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonia Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S.
 Esquire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00808632

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808633.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY EDWARDS' MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER RELATING TO =.'S 
DEPOSITION AND MOTION TO COMPEL 
M. TO ANSWER OUESTIONS RELATING TO THE 
CRIMES VICTIMS' RIGHTS ACT AND TO REOPEN DEPOSITION 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), responds in opposition to the 
Motion for Protective Order [D.E. 1026] filed by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley Edwards 
("Edwards"), relating to the deposition of M.
[D.E. 1027], and moves to compel her to answer 
questions relating to the Crimes Victims' Rights Act ("CVRA") and to reopen her deposition, and 
in support states: 
BACKGROUND 
In support of his malicious prosecution Counterclaim, Edwards plans to call as witnesses 
his three clients — 
and Jane Doe. M. was a plaintiff in a lawsuit she brought against 
Epstein until she settled her claims in 2010. She currently is a plaintiff in the CVRA action against 
I Although Edwards' counsel claimed that Edwards' clients wished to remain anonymous, Edwards 
identified 
.'s name in his Motion and filed her deposition testimony with the Court. 
EFTA00808633
--- PAGE 2 ---
the federal government. M. is not a plaintiff in this litigation. She, in fact, has released Epstein 
from any and all claims. Importantly, only Edwards is seeking to recover money from Epstein in 
this lawsuit. 
INTRODUCTION 
M. is a client of Edwards who asserted tort claims against Epstein. Those claims were 
resolved through a confidential settlement agreement between M. and Epstein in July 2010. 
M. also brought a Crimes Victims' Rights Act action against the United States Government. 
The CVRA action is ongoing and, in that action, M. is attempting to set aside a Non-Prosecution 
Agreement ("NPA") Epstein entered into with the United States Government. 
Edwards has informed the Court that in order to establish his burden of proof he will, 
among other things: 
[Establish] Epstein's motive to target Bradley Edwards for extortionist 
purposes, [and] prove the leadership role Bradley Edwards had in the joint 
prosecution effort of the multiple civil claims being prosecuted against 
Epstein with their attendant punitive damage exposure as well as the Crime 
Victim's Rights Act case challenging Epstein's Non-Prosecution 
Agreement, which was spearheaded by Bradley Edwards and exposes 
Epstein to lengthy incarceration for his extensive history of child 
molestations. 
(11/22/17, Edwards' Response in Opposition to Epstein's Revised Omnibus Motion in Limine, 
e.s.) [D.E. 1089.] 
Edwards intends to prove that Epstein's motive for filing this action was to, among other 
things, force Edwards to abandon his efforts to set aside the NPA through the CVRA action: 
And we intend to prove that Jeffrey 
Epstein's motive in filing these knowingly 
false claims against Brad Edwards - his 
motive was to extort Bradley Edwards into 
abandoning or cheaply compromising the 
rights of his clients, and abandoning his 
efforts through the Crime Victims' Rights 
EFTA00808634
--- PAGE 3 ---
Act case to set aside the non-prosecution 
agreement. 
(11/29/17 Tr. 106:10-18, e.s.) 
And Mr. Epstein clearly knows that 
Mr. Edwards is lead counsel in this Crime 
Victims' Rights Act case. He clearly knows, 
because he's a participant in that case. He 
has intervened in the case. He knows that 
the consequences of that Crime Victims' 
Rights Act case could be that he loses the 
immunity that he negotiated with the U.S. 
Attorney's Office. 
So being able to push Brad Edwards 
aside as the primary moving force in the 
Crime Victims' Rights Act case is obviously 
a reasonable conclusion from those 
circumstances. 
(11/29/17 Tr. 112:3-16.) 
Edwards has argued that the jury must be informed about both the NPA and the CVRA: 
MR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, I believe 
that it is unavoidable that the jury be 
informed as to what the non-prosecution 
agreement is. It would be our intention to 
enter it into evidence. They need to 
understand what the Crime Victims' Rights 
Act is. 
(11/29/17 Tr. 110:13-19.) 
Edwards has identified M. on his Witness List. [D.E. 1042, ¶ 15.] Edwards has also 
designated and cross designated portions of M.'s testimony to be used at the trial of this matter. 
[D.E. 1022; D.E. 1130.] Because M. is incarcerated, the parties can only rely on her deposition 
testimony at trial. 
The Court has made it clear that it intends to allow Edwards to present evidence and 
testimony concerning Edwards' representation of his three clients (MI., M. and Jane Doe) of 
claims they brought against Epstein: 
EFTA00808635
--- PAGE 4 ---
THE COURT: The only thing I would say 
to that, Mr. Scarola, is I don't want to mix 
apples and oranges. And that is, I don't 
want to place the Court's incriminator [sic] on 
getting too far afield and turning this into 
a case about alleged sexual exploitation, 
particularly of others, outside of 
Mr. Edwards' representation. That would 
serve only to inflame the jury, and, again, 
would cause the playing field to become 
unleveled, because the defense to the 
malicious prosecution claim, i.e., Epstein 
and his attorneys, would have to be fighting 
claims that they may not even know about 
much, much less the ones that they do. 
So again, I want to center on those 
three claims that were brought by 
Mr. Edwards on behalf of his clients, and 
center on those aspects that would be 
relevant to the malicious prosecution claim 
and the alleged ginning up of those claims, 
the alleged attempt to align himself with 
Rothstein, the alleged attempt to factor 
these cases, potentially Mr. Edwards' 
conduct as it related to those factoring 
matters. 
(12/5/17 Tr. 79:24-80:24, e.s.) 
The Court has also recognized that the NPA and the CVRA action are going to become a 
part of the trial: 
*** 
there is no way around the fact that the NPA 
is going to become a part of this trial. 
(11/29/17 Tr. 108:3-4.) 
THE COURT: The NPA, I have already 
indicated that the inclination would be -
if properly predicated - would be allowed. 
(11/29/17 Tr. 167:11-13.) 
Pleadings of Jane Doe 1 and 2 vs. US 
case. 
MR. SCAROLA: That's the CVRA case, 
EFTA00808636
--- PAGE 5 ---
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: That will likely be 
discussed - obviously, it will be 
discussed. How much of the pleadings that 
need to be addressed will be a matter of the 
Court's consideration later. 
(12/5/17 Tr. 215:9-17.) 
OCTOBER 12, 2017, DEPOSITION 
On October 12, 2017, Epstein's counsel took the deposition of M. at the Gadsden 
Correctional Facility where M. is incarcerated until April 2018. Although M. was represented 
by Edwards himself during her deposition, Edwards' counsel (who was not representing M.) 
instructed her not to answer questions that related to the CVRA action because he claimed they 
were not relevant and because 
M
.
did not have the opportunity to prepare for that line of 
questioning. Specifically, Edwards' counsel asserted: 
MR. SCAROLA: Excuse me, III going to 
interrupt for just a moment. Do you have other 
questions relating to the Crime Victims' Rights Act 
case? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: I do. 
MR. SCAROLA: Okay. I am going to object to 
your examination of [III.] on issues relating to 
another case. Those matters don't have any relevance 
or materiality to this lawsuit in which she is being 
deposed; her counsel has not had an opportunity to 
prepare her for a deposition in the Crime Victims' 
Rights Act case. I am going to instruct her not to 
answer any additional questions regarding the Crime 
Victims' Rights Act case. You may proffer the 
additional questions that 
like to ask for the 
record, but she will not answer those pending our 
ability to obtain a protective order. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: Well, we have lots of 
questions that we intend to ask about the Crime 
Victims' Rights Act, and based on your cause of action 
and your theory that you've explained to the court as 
z to why Mr. Epstein filed a claim against your client, 
it is relevant and I recognize that you are advising 
the client not to answer the question or - 
EFTA00808637
--- PAGE 6 ---
MR. SCAROLA: She's not my client, this is a 
witness. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: And you're instructing --
MR. SCAROLA: And I am instructing her -- I 
am informing you that additional questions relating to 
the Crime Victims' Rights Act case, beyond those that 
have already been asked and answered, are not relevant 
or material, or reasonably calculated to lead to 
relevant and material information, 
(M. 10/12/17 Tr. 74:6-75:13, e.s.) [D.E. 1027.] 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes. The questions are 
irrelevant, immaterial, not reasonably calculated to 
lead to the discovery of relevant and material 
information in this lawsuit. 
* * * 
MR. SCAROLA: In addition to that, this 
witness was not noticed as being deposed in a separate 
CVRA action. Her counsel, with regard to the separate 
CVRA action were not noticed, therefore her counsel 
have not had an opportunity to consult with her 
regarding giving testimony in the separate CVRA - 
* * * 
MR. SCAROLA: -- action. So those are the 
objections that were previously raised, in addition to 
others stated as to specific questions, they are of 
the objections that I will incorporate simply by 
saying "same objection, same instruction," for 
purposes of not burdening the record with repetition 
of the same objection and same instructions. 
M. 
10/12/17 Tr. 97:6-24.) [D.E. 1027.] 
Edwards' counsel suggested that questions to-. 
be proffered on the record and he would 
raise the appropriate objections and move for a protective order. (M. 10/12/17 Tr. 76:24-77:8.) 
[D.E. 1027.] 
The following questions were posed to M. to which she was instructed not to answer 
based on these objections: 
EFTA00808638
--- PAGE 7 ---
• 
At any time did the FBI agents -- did any FBI agents tell you that Mr. Epstein 
was pleading guilty in state court to avoid federal prosecution? 
• 
Did you ask the FBI at any time to speak to prosecutors prior to Mr. Epstein 
entering into his guilty plea? 
• 
Did you have the prosecutor's phone number so you could call her? 
• 
Did you, in fact, receive a victims' notification letter? 
• 
And on that letter, did it not have the prosecutor's direct-dial number? 
• 
And did the prosecutor, in fact, tell you in person that you could call her at any 
time to discuss this matter? 
• 
Do you recall receiving a letter from Ms. Villafania when you met with the FBI 
at Publix in 2007? 
• 
Do you deny that you had Ms. Villafania's direct phone number to call her if you 
so decided? 
• 
Do you know whether the non-prosecution agreement made it easier for you to 
seek damages against Mr. Epstein? 
• 
How many times did you meet with the FBI at Publix to discuss the non-
prosecution agreement involving Jeffrey Epstein? 
• 
Do you recall when you did meet with [Special Agent Nesbitt Kuyrkendall], at 
no time did you ask to confer with anyone from the government about any 
potential criminal charges, decisions, or about any partial resolution of the 
matter involving Jeffrey Epstein? 
• 
Is it true that, between the time of that interview in August of 2007, and 
September of 2007 when Mr. Epstein signed his non-prosecution agreement, 
you never contacted either Agent Nesbitt Kuyrkendall or her co-agent asking 
for information about the investigation; or asking to confer with anyone from 
the government about any potential criminal charges, decisions, or about the 
resolution of the matter? 
• 
What were your goals as a plaintiff in filing the CVRA case? 
• 
Was one of your goals to invalidate the non-prosecution agreement? 
• 
Have you ever discussed with 
] the filing of the CVRA lawsuit? 
EFTA00808639
--- PAGE 8 ---
• 
Have you ever discussed with any non-lawyer, or someone working for a 
lawyer, the reasons for filing the CVRA case? 
• 
Do you realize that if you prevail on the CVRA case and the non-prosecution 
agreement is ruled void, any civil settlement that relied on the Civil Victims' 
Rights Act case could be vacated? 
• 
Are you seeking an apology from the government for the filing of the CVR — by 
filing the CVRA case? Is that important to you? 
(M. 10/12/17 Tr. 77-82, 98-100.) [D.E. 1027.] 
ARGUMENT 
In his Complaint, Epstein alleged that, after Edwards joined RRA, he filed a Motion asking 
the Court to make the NPA public. (D.E. 5, ¶ 42.1.) That motion was filed in May 2009 in one of 
Edwards' client's individual cases against Epstein, not in the CVRA action. (Jane Doe v. Epstein, 
Case No. 08-CV-80893, D.E. 74.) At the time Edwards filed the motion, he and his three clients 
had the NPA and there was no legitimate purpose for them to make the agreement public. 
Furthermore, the CVRA court had recently (February 2009) denied Edwards' Motion to Unseal 
the NPA in that action. (Jane Doe v. U.S., Case No. 08-CV-80736, D.E. 36.) 
Edwards wants the Court to believe, however, that Epstein's motive in filing this action 
was to stop Edwards from challenging the non-prosecution agreement through the CVRA action. 
What Edwards failed to inform the Court about at the recent hearings, however, is that at the time 
Epstein filed suit against Rothstein and Edwards in December 2009, the CVRA action had been 
sitting dormant since February 2009 and that he took no further action in that matter until after the 
Court administratively closed the case in September 2010. Edwards also failed to inform the Court 
that in August 2008, he advised the CVRA court that he was unsure if the relief he was seeking 
was in his client's best interest. ("Because of the legal consequences of invalidating the current 
agreement, it is likely not in my clients' best interest to ask for the relief that we initially asked 
EFTA00808640
--- PAGE 9 ---
for.") (8/4/08 Tr. 4-5) (Ex. A.) It was not until March 21, 2011, about a year after settling her 
lawsuit with Epstein, when M. filed her Motion for Summary Judgment for Finding Violations 
of the NPA, that it was clear that M. was continuing with her efforts to invalidate the NPA. 
Epstein should be able to present evidence at trial to show that M's 
pursuit in 
invalidating the NPA was not a motive for filing his action against Rothstein and Edwards. The 
types of questions posed to M. during her deposition and the many logical follow-up questions 
concerning the CVRA action are relevant. They shed light on the timing of the filing of the CVRA 
action, the lack of prosecution of the case, how the NPA actually benefited M. up to the point 
she settled her case with Epstein, her discussions with third parties, including law enforcement, 
about the alleged acts and her past recollections and positions. In addition, M.'s responses to 
the questions are expected to undermine her credibility because her statements have been 
inconsistent. Finally, it is believed that M.'s responses will demonstrate a lack of memory as to 
events that occurred years ago when the alleged acts occurred. The testimony sought is relevant 
and will allow the jury to weigh M.'s testimony and credibility at trial. 
On October 26, 2017, Edwards filed a Motion for Protective Order asking that the Court 
preclude M. from responding to those questions proffered on the record with respect to the 
pending Crimes Victims' Rights Act. [D.E. 1026.] During the deposition, Edwards' counsel 
objected to the line of questioning claiming the information was irrelevant, immaterial, not 
reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant and material information in this lawsuit, 
and because M. did not have an opportunity to prepare for that line of questioning. (M. 
10/12/17 Tr. 97:6-24.) [D.E. 1027.] As set forth above, Edwards himself has taken the position 
that the CVRA action is relevant and has made it a central focus of Epstein's alleged motive for 
bringing this action. Edwards cannot have it both ways. He cannot instruct M. not to answer 
EFTA00808641
--- PAGE 10 ---
questions about the CVRA action, but then argue that the CVRA action is the motive behind 
Epstein's filing of this case. 
Epstein continues to maintain that Edwards' malicious prosecution Counterclaim is limited 
to an analysis of the civil proceeding filed by Epstein against Edwards, which does not relate to 
the merits of the cases filed by Edwards' clients against Epstein. The case is not about whether 
Edwards' clients' tort claims are true but, rather, it is about whether Epstein lacked probable cause 
to initiate and continue the original proceeding. To prevail on his Counterclaim for malicious 
prosecution, Edwards must prove that Epstein filed a civil proceeding against him "without 
probable cause." See Korman v. Kent, 821 So. 2d 408, 410 (Fla. 4th DCA 2002). Edwards' burden 
is "onerous." See Burns v. GCC Beverages, Inc., 502 So. 2d 1217, 1219 (Fla. 1986). 
Edwards' trial strategy is to analyze and test the veracity of each of the individual 
allegations made in the Complaint. (12/5/17 Tr. 85:1-7, 85:19-22, 131:11-12.) In doing so, 
Edwards plans to call 
to testify about her former claims against Epstein, even though those 
claims were settled in 2010 and M. signed a release. While Epstein disagrees that he is required 
to prove that each allegation of the Complaint is true, he must now be allowed to defend the 
allegations. Accordingly, he should be allowed to re-open ff
.'s deposition to ask the proffered 
questions and reasonable follow up about the CVRA action and any other issues that may now be 
a central focus of this case in light of the Court's recent rulings. 
CONCLUSION 
Edwards himself has insisted that the CVRA action is relevant to establish Epstein's motive 
for initiating this proceeding. Accordingly, the Court should deny Edwards' Motion for Protective 
Order and grant Epstein's request to re-open ff .'s deposition, both as to the CVRA action and 
follow up as well as other questions that are relevant to this proceeding. Because M. is 
EFTA00808642
--- PAGE 11 ---
incarcerated and will not be released until after the special set trial of this matter, Epstein will be 
prejudiced if he is not allowed to re-open the deposition. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on January 
, 2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
(561) 727-3600; (561) 727-3601 [fax] 
By: Is___
l
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Angela M. Many (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Reach. FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, M. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808643
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiffitoimter-Defendant 
Je 
E stein 
EFTA00808644

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808645.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
■l., individually, 
Defendants. 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR COURT TO DECLARE 
RELEVANCE AND NON-PRIVILEGED NATURE OF DOCUMENTS AND REQUEST 
FOR ADDITIONAL LIMITED DISCOVERY, EVIDENTIARY HEARING, AND 
APPOINTMENT OF A SPECIAL MASTER 
Counter-Plaintiff Edwards, by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this Response 
in Opposition to Epstein's Motion for Court to Declare Relevance and Non-Privileged Nature of 
Documents and Request for Additional Limited Discovery, Evidentiary Hearing, and Appointment 
of a Special Master', and in support states as follows: 
I. 
Edwards incorporates by reference the timeline and arguments contained in his 
Motion to Strike Epstein's Untimely Supplemental Exhibits and to Strike all Exhibits and Any 
Reference to Documents Containing Privileged Materials Listed on Edwards' Privilege Log, filed 
on March 5, 2018. 
2. 
In addition to those arguments, Edwards states as follows: 
I For brevity, Edwards shall refer to Epstein's motion as the "Motion for Court to Declare Relevance." 
EFTA00808645
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion for Court to Declare Relevance and Non-Privileged 
Nature of Documents and Request for Additional Limited Discovery, Evidentiary Hearing, and 
Appointment of a Special Master 
A. Epstein's Counsel is Intentionally Referencing Privileged Materials in Public Filings. 
3. 
First, to the extent that the claim of ignorance outlined in the first five pages of 
Epstein's Motion to Declare Relevance was ever legitimate, that claim ended once undersigned 
counsel notified Epstein's counsel that they were in possession of Edwards's privileged materials. 
As can be seen from the correspondence attached to Epstein's Motion to Declare Relevance, that 
notification first occurred on March 4, 2018. Moreover, on March 5, 2018, Edwards filed his 
Motion to Strike, in which he specifically identified 49 privileged communications listed on 
Edwards' 2011 Privilege Log that are being used by Epstein and his counsel. 
4. 
Despite now having been provided with specific reference to each and every one of 
the privileged communications at issue. Epstein's counsel has refused to comply with their ethical 
obligations and has instead continued to specifically refer to and describe this information in the 
public record of the Court. The only logical conclusion that can be drawn from this willful 
disregard of the privileged character of these documents is that this is an attempt to cause a media 
circus, taint the jury pool, and prevent the parties to the Malicious Prosecution action from picking 
a jury as presently scheduled. 
B. Epstein and His Counsel Have "Jumped the Shark."2
5. 
In his Notice of Filing Appendix. Epstein, through counsel, includes privileged 
materials under a section titled "Edwards' Direct Involvement in Rothstein's Ponzi Scheme." If 
nothing but consistent, Epstein, through counsel, then sprinkles throughout the Motion for Court 
to Declare Relevance direct accusations and implicit insinuations that, regardless of whether 
The idiom "jumping the shark" is a pejorative reference to an unsuccessful gimmick to salvage a failing enterprise. 
EFTA00808646
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion for Court to Declare Relevance and Non-Privileged 
Nature of Documents and Request for Additional Limited Discovery, Evidentiary Hearing, and 
Appointment of a Special Master 
Epstein had probable cause to institute or continue his malicious lawsuit against Edwards, it turns 
out that Edwards was secretly involved in the Ponzi scheme after all! For example, Epstein claims 
that the emails are "evidence that shows [Edwards'] direct participation with Rothstein to avoid 
the structured settlement statute for an Epstein case" and questions whether these e-mails "were 
turned over to the U.S. Attorney." See Epstein's Mot. at pages 8 and 7. 
6. 
To be blunt, this accusation continues Epstein's baseless, malicious assault on 
Edwards' character. The Federal Government conducted a years' long investigation into 
Rothstein's criminal enterprise, which included access to every email on the RRA server. No one 
(aside from Jeffrey Epstein) ever suggested, implied, or insinuated that Brad Edwards had any 
involvement or knew anything about Rothstein's illegal activities. Brad Edwards was never even 
formally interviewed by the authorities. Yet Epstein now claims that an e-mail string between Scott 
Rothstein and at least five other attorneys, including Brad Edwards, who were never implicated in 
and had no involvement whatsoever in Rothstein's Ponzi scheme is direct evidence of Edwards' 
involvement. And this stunning revelation rests on evidence that has sat in the files of Epstein's 
legal army for over 5 years!; 
7. 
Is Epstein accusing Matt Weissing, Esq. of being directly involved in Rothstein's 
Ponzi scheme? Steven Jaffe, Esq.? How about Mark Fistos, Esq.? Were they all secret co-
conspirators who have managed to avoid justice for the past nine years? Justice that only Jeffrey 
Epstein and his counsel can deliver upon? Does Epstein plan to report his "bombshell" findings to 
Edwards is somewhat confused as to how Epstein could have relied upon these privileged materials to continue his 
malicious lawsuit until August 16. 2012 if, as Epstein's counsel represents, the specific emails at issue were not 
discovered until a few weeks ago... 
EFTA00808647
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion for Court to Declare Relevance and Non-Privileged 
Nature of Documents and Request for Additional Limited Discovery, Evidentiary Hearing, and 
Appointment of a Special Master 
the U.S. Attorney's Office? How about the F.B.I.? Because the accusation made by Epstein, 
through his counsel, on the eve of this Malicious Prosecution trial is that Brad Edwards was 
directly involved in multiple felonies.' These are serious accusation, and Edwards and every other 
victim of this assault will welcome the chance to respond the moment Epstein again steps beyond 
the absolute protection of the litigation privilege. 
8. 
Epstein, through counsel, also suggests that Jack Scarola, Esq. and Paul Cassell, 
Esq. may somehow be implicated in nefarious conduct and requests their depositions in a desperate 
attempt to avoid trial once again. The emails in question are evidence of nothing and are not 
relevant to this malicious prosecution claim, no matter how perverted a spin Epstein applies to 
them. 
9. 
Epstein and his counsel are walking a very fine line in testing just how far Florida's 
absolute litigation privilege will go to protect them. Undersigned counsel looks forward to finding 
out the answer to this question, and the others he has posed, at the hearing on Thursday. 
Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, Epstein's Motion for Court to Declare Relevance and Non-
Privileged Nature of Documents and Request for Additional Limited Discovery, Evidentiary 
Hearing, and Appointment of a Special Master should be denied. 
It seems we have come full circle from the Initial Complaint. 
EFTA00808648
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion for Court to Declare Relevance and Non-Privileged 
Nature of Documents and Request for Additional Limited Discovery, Evidentiary Hearing, and 
Appointment of a Special Master 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
fit 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this v day of March, 2018. 
JAC SJCAROLA 
Fl 
Bar No.: 
ID P. VIT 
orida Bar No.: 
Attorney E-Mails: 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808649
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion for Court to Declare Relevance and Non-Privileged 
Nature of Documents and Request for Additional Limited Discovery, Evidentiary Hearing, and 
Appointment of a Special Master 
COUNSEL LIST 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Link & Rockenbach, 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldber er, Esquire 
ig
Atterbury Goldberger & 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
WPst Palm Rnarh FT 
3401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Se al, Es 
Esquire 
• 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradle J. Edwards, Es 
Esquire 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phon
Fax: 
EFTA00808650

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808651.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS. individually, and 
individually, 
Defendants. 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO REMOVE CASE FROM 
TRIAL DOCKET IN ORDER TO COMPLY WITH THE MANDATE SET FORTH IN 
RULE 1.440 
Counter-Plaintiff Edwards, by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this Response 
in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Remove Case from Trial Docket in Order to Comply with 
the Mandate Set Forth in Rule 1.440, and in support states as follows: 
1. 
As Edwards has argued for months, Epstein has no intention of ever trying this 
malicious prosecution case. At the eve of every trial date, Epstein files a host of motions in an 
effort to avoid answering to a jury for his malicious lawsuit against Edwards. 
2. 
In his latest attempt to continue that trial, Epstein misrepresents the remaining 
claims by using the term "Action" without defining what he is referring to. As can be seen from 
the record, however, there are two separate and independent Actions involving different parties 
and different claims, and it is undisputable that Edwards' action against Epstein for Malicious 
Prosecution, to which Rothstein is not a party, is at issue. 
EFTA00808651
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Remove Case from Trial Docket in Order to 
Comply with the Mandate Set Forth in Rule 1.440 
Action #1 — Epstein v. Rothstein (Second Amended Complaint), 
3. 
First, Epstein has a claim for Conspiracy to Commit Abuse of Process against Scott 
Rothstein. That claim is pled in the Second Amended Complaint, which was filed on August 21, 
2011. 
4. 
Edwards, however, is not a party to that case as Epstein voluntarily dismissed 
Edwards from the Second Amended Complaint on August 16, 2012.' That point alone nullifies 
Epstein's entire argument that Edwards' Motion to Set Case for Trial was not ripe. Rule 1.440(b), 
on which Epstein relies, unequivocally states that only a party may notice an action for trial: 
Thereafter, any party may file and serve a notice that the action is at issue and 
ready to be set for trial. . . 
5. 
As a non-party to the Second Amended Complaint, Edwards clearly had no ability 
to notice Epstein's case against Rothstein for trial, and he never attempted to do so. Epstein. 
however, has conceded that his action against Rothstein may not be set for trial given, inter alia, 
the Motion for Default Against Rothstein that was filed yesterday. Thus, if Epstein would like to 
try his action against Rothstein (assuming Epstein has finally figured out what case he is actually 
pursuing against that uncollectible defendant in federal prison), he apparently has a lot of work left 
to do, including demonstrating that the Second Amended Complaint and this latest Motion for 
Default were properly served on Rothstein and that Rothstein was given opportunity to respond. 
6. 
Edwards, however, has no dog in that fight because he is not a party to the Second 
Amended Complaint. 
Among other reasons, Epstein's voluntary dismissal of Edwards resulted in a "bona fide termination" of Action II I 
in Edwards' favor, a necessary element for Edwards' independent malicious prosecution claim in Action #2. 
EFTA00808652
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Remove Case from Trial Docket in Order to 
Comply with the Mandate Set Forth in Rule 1.440 
Action #2 — Edwards v. Epstein (Fourth Amended Counterclaim) 
7. 
The second action pending is a claim for Malicious Prosecution filed by Edwards 
against Epstein. That claim is pled in the Fourth Amended Counterclaim, filed on January 9, 2013, 
after Edwards was dismissed from Action #1. Rothstein is not a party to this separate action. 
8. 
There is no question that Edwards' Malicious Prosecution claim against Epstein 
has been properly set for trial. Epstein does not even attempt to argue otherwise in his spurious 
motion. 
9. 
The case law cited by Epstein is also factually distinguishable for the simple reason 
that all of the claims or counterclaims in those cases involved the same parties that were involved 
in the underlying complaint. 
10. 
For example, in Gawker Media, LLC v. Bollea 170 So. 3d 125 (Fla. 2d DCA 2015), 
the case primarily relied upon by Epstein, the plaintiff, Bollea, sued multiple defendants, one of 
whom, Blogwire, contested Florida's long arm-jurisdiction over it. After an initial unsuccessful 
attempt to sever the claims against Blogwire and go forward with a trial on his claims against the 
remaining defendants, Bolllea dismissed his claims against Blogwire with prejudice. He then filed 
an amended complaint seeking punitive damages against the remaining defendants and requested 
that the trial court reset the case for trial. Although none of the remaining defendants had answered 
the amended complaint, the trial court set the case for trial. The defendants then sought a writ of 
mandamus in the appellate court, which granted the petition on the basis that the trial court's order 
setting the trial before the defendants answered the amended complaint violated Rule I .440's 
requirement of a minimum of 50 days between service of the last pleading and commencement of 
trial. 
EFTA00808653
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Remove Case from Trial Docket in Order to 
Comply with the Mandate Set Forth in Rule 1.440 
II. 
Gawker is simply inapplicable here. The Fourth Amended Counterclaim is an 
independent action filed after Edwards was dismissed from Action #1 (a necessary element to the 
Malicious Prosecution claim). The pleadings in Action #2, the Malicious Prosecution claim, have 
been closed for years, and it is undisputed that the case is at issue. Edwards is simply no longer a 
party to Action #1, having been dismissed from that Action long ago. Contending that Edwards 
could notice Action #1 for trial is equivalent to saying that defendant Blogwire in the Gawker case 
could have noticed the case there for trial after having been dismissed from the case. Therefore, 
Action #2 is more akin to a crossclaim, which is exempt from Rule 1.440. 
12. 
In any event, given that Edwards is actually a party to the Fourth Amended 
Counterclaim, he properly moved to notice that cause for trial. The Court granted that motion and 
entered its Order Specially Setting Trial on July 20, 2017. The parties to Action #2, Edwards and 
Epstein, have proceeded under that valid Order for months and are ready to try Edwards' Malicious 
Prosecution claim against Epstein. The fact that Epstein has failed to pursue his claim against 
Rothstein in Action #1 is, to be blunt, irrelevant. 
Epstein's Counsel Continues to Knowingly Inject Privileged Materials 
into the Public Record 
13. 
Edwards asks the Court to direct its attention to page 7 of Epstein's Motion to 
Remove Case from Trial Docket, in which Epstein's counsel again references privileged e-mail 
correspondence listed on Edwards' 2011 Privilege Log. Both Mr. Link and Ms. Rockenbach have 
been notified repeatedly that they are in possession of privileged materials listed on Edwards' 2011 
Privilege Log. Both have ignored requests to turn over or destroy that information. And it appears 
that they will continue to use these privileged materials without regard for their ethical obligations 
not to do so. 
EFTA00808654
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Remove Case from Trial Docket in Order to 
Comply with the Mandate Set Forth in Rule 1.440 
14. 
Contemporaneous with this filing Edwards will be filing a Response in Opposition 
to Epstein's Motion for Court to Declare Relevance, et al, in which Epstein's counsel once again 
cites to privileged materials despite being on notice that these communications are on Edwards' 
2011 privilege log and were never produced in this case. As the Court will see, Epstein's counsel 
has "jumped the shark" and are claiming to have evidence that Brad Edwards (as well as other 
RRA attorneys and certain other individuals) were in fact knowingly involved in Rothstein's Ponzi 
scheme. What the F.B.! and Justice Department missed in their years' long investigation into 
Rothstein's criminal enterprise, and their review of every aspect of RRA's internal documents and 
servers, Epstein and his counsel have possessed for years (without explanation as to how they 
obtained it). overlooked (without explanation as to how or why) for years. and have now found 
days before the scheduled start of trial. 
15. 
Obviously, Epstein's ploy is a desperate attempt to avoid what is clearly the case: 
that he lacked probable cause to either institute or continue the underlying proceeding against 
Edwards. But Epstein will not admit his wrongdoing and is once again attempting to drag Brad 
Edwards' name and reputation through the mud, and this time wants to drag many others in as 
well. 
16. 
Epstein and his counsel, however, benefit (so far) from Florida's absolute litigation 
privilege, which prevents Edwards and the other victims from pursuing an independent tort claim 
for actions that occur in this proceeding. So, although the litigation privilege dooms Epstein on 
probable cause, it provides cover for his ridiculous and embarrassing claim to have found proof 
that Edwards (and apparently a host of others) were actually involved in Rothstein's Ponzi scheme. 
EFTA00808655
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Remove Case from Trial Docket in Order to 
Comply with the Mandate Set Forth in Rule 1.440 
Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, Epstein's attempt to once again continue the Malicious 
Prosecution Action should be denied. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, thisIn day of March, 2018. 
ida Bar No.: 
Attorne E-Mails: 
; and 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Bamhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808656
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA0408003CODCMBAG 
Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Remove Case from Trial Docket in Order to 
Comply with the Mandate Set Forth in Rule 1.440 
COUNSEL LIST 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Link & Rockenbach, 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldber er, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss,
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Se al, Es 
Esquire 
• 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beac FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bra
. 
J. Edwards, Esquire 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 3 301 
Phon 
Fax: 
EFTA00808657

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808658.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO EDWARDS' MOTION FOR SANCTIONS 
FOR VIOLATION OF COURT ORDER AND THE INTERVENORS' JOINDER 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") responds in opposition to Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") April 3, 2018, Motion for Sanctions for Violation of 
Court Order', and the Intervenors' April 7, 2018, Joinder and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
In order to justify his Motion for Sanctions, Edwards concocts a patently absurd 
construction of this Court's verbal ruling on March 8, 2018, asserting that Epstein was prohibited 
from referring, in any way, to the 27,000+ pages contained on the Fowler White CD. His claim is 
that Epstein violated this Court's ruling the four times Epstein "referenced" the documents at issue 
in one filing with this Court and three with the Fourth District Court of Appeal. Edwards' Motion 
is just another attempt to derail an in camera review of documents wrongfully withheld by 
Edwards, which review is critical to ensure a fair and complete examination of all relevant 
'A written Order has not been issued on the Court's March 8, 2018, rulings. 
EFTA00808658
--- PAGE 2 ---
evidence in this case. Edwards wants to gag Epstein and prevent him from being able to seek 
appellate review concerning the Court's striking of the exhibits (a review which this Court 
expressly contemplated as part of its ruling)2 or defend himself in the Bankruptcy Court 
proceedings initiated by Edwards. In addition, under a gag ruling, Edwards, himself, would be in 
violation of the Court's ruling by his reference to the e-mails in filings in this Court, the Appellate 
Court and the Bankruptcy Court. In fact, Epstein has taken numerous affirmative steps to ensure 
compliance with the Court's directives at the March 8, 2018 hearing. The disc is sealed, the 47 
exhibits (also referred to as "e-mails") are sealed and no further dissemination by Epstein or his 
attorneys has occurred. And Epstein's general references to the e-mails in connection with 
requests to this Court and the Fourth District Court of Appeals for judicial relief certainly comply 
with the Court's rulings and provide no basis for sanctions. 
The Bankruptcy Court's November 2010 Agreed Order, issued by the Honorable Raymond 
B. Ray (the "November 2010 Agreed Order"), contains no confidentiality or non-disclosure 
provisions and does not, itself, prohibit the general references to the e-mails about which Edwards 
complains. The November 2010 Agreed Order merely described the procedure by which Fowler 
White would print copies of documents to be produced in response to Epstein's Subpoena directed 
to the Bankruptcy Trustee and directed Fowler White not to retain any copies of the documents 
contained on the disc or any images of the documents in the memories of its copiers. Whether or 
not Fowler White and/or Epstein complied with that directive is squarely and appropriately before 
the court that issued the Order — the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of 
Florida. 
2See March 8, 2018, Afternoon Hearing Transcript, 62:6-12 (Court allowed Epstein to file the 
exhibits under seal to protect his appellate rights). (Exhibit A.) 
EFTA00808659
--- PAGE 3 ---
Following a preliminary hearing on Edwards' Motion for an Order to Show Cause held on 
April 13, 2018 in the Bankruptcy Court, Judge Ray ordered discovery that is focused on the 
allegations of federal civil contempt relating to the alleged violations of the November 2010 
Agreed Order. 
Specifically, Edwards may take the depositions of (1) Fowler White's 
representative about the chain of custody of the discovery documents; (2) Epstein about his 
knowledge or possession of the disc or documents pre-2018; and (3) Link & Rockenbach, PA's 
representative about the chain of custody of the disc. The Bankruptcy Court determined that its 
role is only to review whether Fowler White or Epstein retained any copies of the documents 
contained on the disc or any images of the documents in the memories of Fowler White's copiers. 
Issues pertaining to the relevance of the documents contained on the disc or the applicability of 
any privileges to those documents are well outside both the scope of the November 2010 Agreed 
Order and the Bankruptcy Court's current review. The 2018 Show Cause Order and Judge Ray's 
review of Fowler White's and Epstein's compliance with the November 2010 Agreed Order are 
now pending in the Bankruptcy Court, and those issues need not be heard a second time by this 
Court. 
Edwards' Motion focuses on the 27,000+ pages contained on the disc. However, this Court 
recognized that not all of the documents contained on the disc were subject to Edwards' claimed 
privilege and that, in fact, many thousands of pages from the disc have already been produced in 
the case (including more than 80 documents produced by Edwards that were listed on his privilege 
log). Thus, the Court expressly stated that its ruling was only applicable to the 473 exhibits that 
Edwards identified as privileged. (3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 76:8-21.) The Court made it clear that it was 
prohibiting any reference to or use of the exhibits at the trial. (3/18/18 Aft. Tr. 75:24-76:6.) This, 
3Edwards claimed it is 49 exhibits, but two of the Bates numbers he referenced were pages 
contained within another exhibit, making the total 47 exhibits which are in dispute. 
EFTA00808660
--- PAGE 4 ---
of course, makes sense because the Court was not making, and has not made, a ruling as to whether 
any of the 47 exhibits are protected by any privilege. The Court expressly ruled only that the 
exhibits were untimely and the Court was not going to conduct an in camera review three days 
before trial. 
To date, the oral rulings made by this Court at the March 8, 2018, hearing have not been 
reduced to a written Order. To be clear, however, Epstein has fully complied with the Court's 
rulings. In fact, it was Epstein's current counsel who: (1) disclosed the chain of custody of the 
disc and the limited disclosure of documents to Epstein; (2) immediately cooperated and assisted 
Edwards in sealing docket entries 1242 and 1252; (3) filed Notices of Compliance setting forth the 
steps taken to comply with the Court's rulings; and (4) after the Fourth District Court of Appeal's 
stay was partially lifted, moved to file the disc and the 47 exhibits under seal and obtained an 
Agreed Order allowing the sealing. Epstein and his current counsel have completely complied 
with this Court's rulings regarding the disc and the 47 exhibits. 
Edwards' argument that this Court prohibited general references to even assertedly 
privileged documents in any context other than at trial is completely nonsensical. Even a privilege 
log required under Florida's Rules of Civil Procedure as a condition to withhold documents on the 
basis of privilege must sufficiently identify the specific documents withheld with enough detail to 
facilitate the evaluation of and challenges to the privileges asserted therein. TIG Ins. Cap. v. 
Johnson, 799 So. 2d 339 (Fla. 4th DCA 2001); Abbott Laboratories v. Alpha Therapeutic Corp., 
No. 97-C-1292, 2000 WL 1863543 (N.D. III. Dec. 14, 2000). Had the Court issued the expansive 
prohibition sought by Edwards, it would have effectively precluded Epstein from seeking an 
appellate review of the Court's rulings and defending himself in bankruptcy court proceedings 
relating to the November 2010 Agreed Order, both of which were expressly contemplated by this 
EFTA00808661
--- PAGE 5 ---
Court at the March 8 hearing. (3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 62:6-12.) It would also have interfered with 
appropriate efforts by Epstein's counsel to further pursue an in camera review of the e-mails in 
pre-trial proceedings, something which this Court recognized at the May 23, 2018, hearing is 
properly before it in light of the new trial schedule created by the Fourth District's rulings. (5/23/18 
Tr. 13:9-23.)4 Moreover, none of the general references for which Edwards would have Epstein 
sanctioned violated any privileges or contain, even arguably, confidential information. See 
paragraphs 12, 14 and 17 of Edwards' Motion identifying Epstein's alleged violation. And the 
issue of whether any of those documents is even privileged has never once been determined by 
this or any other court. Accordingly, for these reasons, Edwards' sanctions Motion has absolutely 
no merit. 
If, in fact, Edwards believes that he has "nothing to hide" in the e-mails, then Epstein urges 
Edwards to agree post haste for the Court to determine in camera whether any privilege or work-
product protection exists as to the 47 exhibits. These 47 exhibits go to the very heart of Edwards' 
disingenuous allegation that there was a complete absence of probable cause for Epstein to sue 
Edwards, and they readily defeat Edwards' claim of purported damages! Edwards nevertheless 
withheld them and concealed their existence through the device of a deliberately vague and legally 
non-compliant privilege log. No court has ever reviewed the 47 exhibits in camera and determined 
if, in fact, any are protected or if (as Epstein is confident such a review will confirm) they should 
be subject to the light of the courtroom in this civil action against Epstein. Edwards seeks millions 
of dollars for claimed reputational damage; these e-mails demonstrate the falsity of Edwards' claim 
that he was hurt by Epstein's lawsuit and that Epstein had no reasonable basis to allege that 
Edwards was involved in Rothstein's Ponzi scheme using the tort claimants' cases. 
'The May 23, 2018, hearing transcript is attached as Exhibit B. 
EFTA00808662
--- PAGE 6 ---
Finally, Epstein urges this Court to recognize that Edwards' moving to prevent Epstein 
from discussing the exhibits generally is simply another transparent attempt by Edwards to hide 
the truth. Edwards asked the Fourth District Court of Appeal to strike general statements made in 
briefing before it on the basis that Epstein violated this Court's ruling. The Fourth District Court 
of Appeal, however, rejected Edwards' argument and refused to strike Epstein's general statements 
that the e-mails are case-ending and defeat Edwards' malicious prosecution claim against Epstein. 
This Court should similarly reject Edwards' arguments and deny his Motion for Sanctions. 
THE COURT'S MARCH 8, 2018. HEARING 
On March 8, 2018, the parties attended a special set hearing on a number of pending 
Motions, including Edwards' Motion to Strike Epstein's Untimely Supplemental Exhibits and to 
Strike all Exhibits and Any Reference to Documents Containing Privileged Materials Listed on 
Edwards' Privilege Log. Because the trial was only three business days away, the Court found 
that Epstein's then recently identified exhibitss were untimely and, because of that, the Court did 
not have sufficient time to conduct an in camera inspection to evaluate Edwards' privilege 
assertions. 
At that hearing, this Court recognized that the jurisdiction over the November 2010 Agreed 
Order was that of the Bankruptcy Court: 
But they're not coming in here, and I would hope elsewhere, if it's 
going to be at the sacrifice not only as to the orderly administration 
of justice, but also in derogation of a federal bankruptcy court's 
order or any court of recognized jurisdiction's order that would 
have the necessary supervisiona?y control of a given case, but also 
at the potential extermination or derogation of a privilege. And for 
all of those reasons is why I am extremely reluctant to start taking 
these things into consideration just a few days prior to trial . 
sEpstein made a rolling production of his newly disclosed exhibits (which fell into general 
categories) to Edwards on February 2, 2018, February 16, 2018, and March 2, 2018. Epstein then 
individually identified each of those exhibits according to the Clerk's pre-marking guidelines on his 
March 5, 2018, Clerk's Trial Exhibit List. 
EFTA00808663
--- PAGE 7 ---
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 54:9-20) (emphasis added). 
This Court's rulings were focused on not allowing Epstein to use the late-disclosed exhibits 
at trial, including referencing the stricken exhibits at trial, and to sealing the disc and the alleged 
privileged 47 exhibits to protect Epstein's appellate record: 
MR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, may we include in the order a 
direction that opposing counsel is required to relinquish possession 
of all copies of the privileged documents to the Court under seal? 
THE COURT: Well, the only thing that obviously has to be taken 
into consideration is the appellate rights of Mr. Epstein and how 
they're going to preserve those rights in light of the fact that the 
Court has rejected the last-minute request for in-camera inspection 
for the reasons that I've already stated at length on the record. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 62:2-12.) 
The Court wanted to ensure that Epstein did not either use the alleged privileged documents 
at trial or refer to their contents, thereby getting information in by the "back door": 
Mr. Epstein will be barred from referring to any of those records as 
it relates to the documents that were gathered from Fowler White or 
from any other source that would have included those records that 
were the subject of Judge Ray's order. So it's to preclude anything 
coming in through the back door which wouldn't be allowed through 
the front. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 75:24-76:6.) 
Both the Court and Edwards' counsel accepted Epstein's counsel's representations of who 
the alleged privileged documents were shared with and that the documents would not be further 
disseminated: 
... no further dissemination is going to be made. I think that goes 
without saying as far as the attorneys are concerned. ... I have no 
doubt in my mind that they will all be respectful of the court order 
of non-dissemination of any of those documents hence forth. 
EFTA00808664
--- PAGE 8 ---
And Mr. Link [Epstein's counsel] has already represented to the 
Court that other than Mr. Epstein and his co-counsel, that there have 
been no eyes laid upon these documents. Hence 
accepting that 
representation, 
as 
Mr. 
Scarola 
has 
accepted 
those 
representations during the hearing as well. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 78:9-25) (emphasis added). 
Paul Cassell, the Intervenors' counsel, asked that a similar representation be made by 
Fowler White. In response, the Court referenced a "blanket confidentiality order" to clarify that 
Fowler White and Epstein's other former counsel were included in the non-dissemination ruling: 
As a general blanket order I would simply say that all attorneys who 
have or are representing Mr. Epstein shall be subject to this order of 
confidentiality, of sealing and of non-dissemination of any such 
information that is contemplated in any of the documents that are 
part of the umbrella order of Judge Ray. And that would include all 
of the exhibits that we spoke about today and that have been filed as 
a matter of record. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 79:9-18) (emphasis added). But even this clarification was focused on the non-
dissemination of the specific confidential information contemplated in the documents. It certainly 
did not preclude a general reference to their existence. Nor does a reference to their devastating 
impact on Edwards' cause of action reveal the specific information contemplated in the documents 
and violate this blanket order. 
While it is understandable that Edwards does not want the truth to be known, Epstein 
submits that the "blanket confidentiality order" should properly be interpreted to ensure that the 
documents that Edwards has claimed are privileged are not used at trial or disseminated further 
until further order of this Court, but to permit appropriate general references to the 47 exhibits to 
be made in this proceeding pre-trial, in the Bankruptcy Court proceeding or in the appellate court 
proceedings. 
EFTA00808665
--- PAGE 9 ---
ARGUMENT 
General filiective Argument is Not Disclosure 
Edwards' examples of alleged violation fall far short of explicit disclosure. Edwards 
referenced the following alleged improper statements made by Epstein in court filings: 
Second, the alleged eight-year-old "confidential" information to 
which Edwards refers is 47 exhibits comprised of a series of 
communications between Edwards and other attorneys, including 
Scott Rothstein, that eviscerate Edwards' case against Epstein in 
its entirety . . . Moreover, on their face, all of these eight-year-old 
communications clearly show that Edwards' claims of work product 
simply do not apply. These inculpatory communications cannot 
constitute work-product. They directly relate to issues that 
Edwards himself has made central to this case and their content 
provides independent grounds to reject work product protection, 
including both the crime fraud exception and potential 
unprofessional conduct . . . the trial court refused to evaluate 
these issues, choosing instead to exclude the communications on 
the basis of what the Court believed was Epstein's untimely 
request to identify them on his Exhibit List. (Motion p. 12.) 
Included among those issues to be perfected at the trial court is 
Edwards' errant claim of "privilege" which remains a cloud below 
preventing the admission of crucial evidence that Epstein 
maintains is dispositive of this case. That evidence must be 
reviewed in camera by the trial court while the appellate issues 
are under review. Consistent with this Court's interest in "fairness" 
and "efficient use of the trial court's time and resources," Epstein 
will be narrowing his request for in camera review down from 
27,000 pages to a readily manageable fraction, 47 exhibits 
numbering approximately 100 pages. (Motion p. 14.) 
Recent events (appeal and stay) and the discovery of e-mails that 
total [sic] eviscerate Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' 
("Edwards") claims and shines a light on his true motivation have 
prompted unprofessional behavior from Edwards and his counsel 
evidenced by the unilateral setting of hearings, certificates of 
conferring that never happened and intentional ex parte attendance 
at a hearing despite knowing of Epstein's counsel's unavailability. 
(Motion p. 17.) 
EFTA00808666
--- PAGE 10 ---
None of these statements evidence disclosure of the contents of any documents Edwards 
deems are privileged but, rather, they are made in connection with requests for judicial relief. If 
merely referencing the documents' existence is a violation of the Court's ruling, then Edwards, 
himself, violated it with the filing of his Motion for Sanctions citing the alleged statements and 
by filing his Motion for Order to Show Cause in the Bankruptcy Court. 
In fact, the challenged statements are appropriate general statements about the nature of 
the documents and their impact on Edwards' case — consistent with this Court's own recognition 
in open Court that the documents are "detrimental" to Edwards' case: 
And I understand what you're going to tell me because I've gotten a 
flavor for some of these documents that have been provided. ... And 
that is that they are detrimental to the position taken by Mr. Edwards 
and that they are helpful to the position taken by Mr. Epstein. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 51:23-52:5)(emphasis added). If the Court's ruling prohibits general statements 
about the e-mails, including that they are "detrimental" or "case-ending" to Edwards' malicious 
prosecution action, even in court filings, then Epstein's counsel would be prevented from 
advancing any argument for an in camera review or other relief with respect to the e-mails in this 
Court or the appellate court or from defending himself in the Bankruptcy Court. Edwards' 
ludicrous interpretation of this Court's ruling as a blanket gag order would effectively impede 
discharge by Epstein's counsel of their ethical duties to zealously advocate for Epstein. The 
Court's ruling contains no express statement to justify an interpretation that would substantially 
interfere with counsel's ethical duties in their representation of a client. 
Epstein Has Fully Complied with this Court's Ruling 
At most, this Court prohibited Epstein and his counsel from disseminating the specific 
information contemplated in the 47 exhibits Edwards improperly claims are privileged. However, 
Epstein has not disseminated, quoted or specifically referenced the contents of any of the 47 
EFTA00808667
--- PAGE 11 ---
exhibits. Epstein's general references to the e-mails disclose nothing confidential contained 
therein and, therefore, fully comply with the Court's oral rulings. 
Edwards bases his claims of sanctionable violations on general references to materials 
which, although he seeks to protect them as privileged, he never properly supported with a legally 
sufficient and TIG-compliant privilege log, and therefore should not be presumed to be protected. 
Ironically, had Edwards provided a legally sufficient privilege log, based on Edwards' nonsensical 
interpretation of this Court's rulings, even the limited descriptions legally required to withhold the 
exhibits contained therein would be a violation of this Court's rulings. The general references 
to the 47 exhibits for which Edwards seeks sanctions are far less specific than the descriptions 
which Edwards was required, but failed, to provide in a legally sufficient privilege log. 
Despite Edwards' protestations to the contrary, in fact, Epstein has fully complied with the 
Court's rulings. It was Epstein who — without hesitation — agreed to the sealing; worked with 
Edwards' counsel to obtain an Agreed Order sealing the docket entries, disc and exhibits; and then 
filed Notices of Compliance. Epstein has not once disclosed the case-ending e-mails in the press, 
or to others, or, after the March 8, 2018, hearing, expressly stated their content in any pleadings 
before this or any other court! Ignoring all of this, Edwards simply seeks a gag order on the truth. 
Fourth District Court of Anneal Denied a Similar Request from Edwards 
In his Motion to this Court, Edwards argues that no less than four times Epstein referenced 
the alleged privilege exhibits in filings with both this Court and the appellate court. Conveniently 
for Edwards, he neglects to disclose to this Court that he also sought to strike references to the 47 
exhibits from Epstein's appellate filings on these same grounds, and the Fourth District Court of 
Appeal denied Edwards' requested relief in both cases without even requiring Epstein to respond. 
See April 5, 2018, Order, Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards, 4th DCA Case No. 4D18-0762; April 
EFTA00808668
--- PAGE 12 ---
6, 2018, Order, Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards, 4'h DCA Case No. 4D18-0787. (Composite 
Exhibit C.) 
CONCLUSION 
Epstein's general references in pre-trial filings with this Court and in the Fourth District 
Court of Appeal to the 47 exhibits in question are fully compliant with the Court's rulings at the 
March 8, 2018 hearing. Epstein has not disseminated the 47 exhibits that were the subject of those 
rulings or any of the specific information contained in those documents, and, in fact, has taken 
numerous affirmative steps to ensure compliance with the Court's directives. The issue of Fowler 
White's and Epstein's compliance with Judge Ray's Bankruptcy Court November 2010 Order is 
squarely before Judge Ray as a result of Edwards' separate motion before that court. The Fourth 
District Court of Appeal has already denied Edwards' separate motions to strike Epstein's 
references to the 47 exhibits based on asserted violations of this Court's rulings, which should 
dictate a similar response by this Court to the instant motion. Furthermore, any consideration of 
sanctions against Epstein arising from Epstein's disclosure of any allegedly attorney-client 
privileged and/or work-product protected information contained in any of the 47 exhibits 
necessarily requires an evaluation of whether any such privilege or work-product protection 
actually exists, and, if so, to what extent it was invaded by such disclosure. Epstein vehemently 
denies that any attorney-client privilege or work product protection applies with respect to the 47 
exhibits, and neither this Court nor any other has ever affirmatively determined that any such 
privilege or protection exists. For all of these reasons, Edwards' Motion for Sanctions and the 
Intervenors' Joinder are improper and must be denied. 
EFTA00808669
--- PAGE 13 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on June 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Rachel J. Glasser (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
FBN 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jay Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Teny 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant1Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808670
--- PAGE 14 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Comter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for M,  E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for M,  E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808671

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808672.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO EDWARDS' MOTION FOR SANCTIONS 
FOR VIOLATION OF COURT ORDER AND THE INTERVENORS' JOINDER 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") responds in opposition to Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") April 3, 2018, Motion for Sanctions for Violation of 
Court Order', and the Intervenors' April 7, 2018, Joinder and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
In order to justify his Motion for Sanctions, Edwards concocts a patently absurd 
construction of this Court's verbal ruling on March 8, 2018, incorrectly asserting that the Court 
prohibited Epstein from referring, in any way, to the 27,000+ pages contained on the Fowler White 
CD. His claim is that Epstein violated this Court's ruling the four times Epstein "referenced" the 
documents at issue in one filing with this Court and three with the Fourth District Court of Appeal. 
Obviously, however, Epstein's general references to documents could not possibly have violated 
the Court's ruling. Edwards' Motion is just another attempt to derail an in camera review of 
'A written Order has not been issued on the Court's March 8, 2018, rulings. 
EFTA00808672
--- PAGE 2 ---
documents wrongfully withheld by Edwards, which review is critical to ensure a fair and complete 
examination of all relevant evidence in this case. The Court's ruling was never meant to be the 
gag order Edwards would ask this Court to impose. If it were, not only would Epstein never be 
able to seek appellate review concerning the Court's striking of the exhibits (a review which this 
Court expressly contemplated as part of its ruling)2 or defend himself in the Bankruptcy Court 
proceedings initiated by Edwards, but Edwards, himself, would be in violation of the Court's ruling 
by his reference to the e-mails in filings in this Court, the Appellate Court and the Bankruptcy 
Court. Epstein has complied fully with this Court's March 8, 2018, in-court rulings. The disc is 
sealed, the 47 exhibits (also referred to as "e-mails") are sealed and no further dissemination by 
Epstein or his attorneys has occurred. 
The issue of compliance by Fowler White and/or Epstein with the Bankruptcy Court's 
November 2010 Agreed Order, issued by the Honorable Raymond B. Ray (the "November 2010 
Agreed Order"), is squarely and appropriately before the court that issued the Order — the United 
States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida. The November 2010 Agreed Order 
was also not a gag order and this Court's rulings on confidentiality did not flow from it. Rather, 
the November 2010 Agreed Order outlined how Fowler White would print copies of documents 
to be produced in response to Epstein's Subpoena directed to the Bankruptcy Trustee. Pursuant to 
that Order, Fowler White was not to retain any copies of the documents contained on the disc or 
any images of the documents in the memories of its copiers. Importantly, the Bankruptcy Court 
is not making any determinations on the relevance of the documents contained on the disc or if 
there are any privileges applicable to the documents. Rather, the Bankruptcy Court is only tasked 
2See March 8, 2018, Afternoon Hearing Transcript, 62:6-12 (Court allowed Epstein to file the 
exhibits under seal to protect his appellate rights). (Exhibit A.) 
EFTA00808673
--- PAGE 3 ---
with finding whether Fowler White or Epstein retained any copies of the documents contained on 
the disc or any images of the documents in the memories of Fowler White's copiers. 
Following a preliminary hearing held on April 13, 2018, in the Bankruptcy Court, Judge 
Ray ordered discovery that is focused on the allegations of federal civil contempt relating to the 
alleged violations of the November 2010 Agreed Order. Specifically, Edwards may take the 
depositions of (1) Fowler White's representative about the chain of custody of the discovery 
documents; (2) Epstein about his knowledge or possession of the disc or documents pre-2018; and 
(3) Link & Rockenbach, PA's representative about the chain of custody of the disc. The November 
2010 Agreed Order and Judge Ray's subsequent 2018 Show Cause Order are being considered by 
Judge Ray. 
Edwards' Motion focuses on the 27,000+ pages contained on the disc. However, this Court 
recognized that not all of the documents contained on the disc were subject to Edwards' claimed 
privilege and that, in fact, many thousands of pages from the disc have already been produced in 
the case (including more than 80 documents produced by Edwards that were listed on his privilege 
log). Thus, the Court expressly stated that its ruling was only applicable to the 473 exhibits that 
Edwards identified as privileged. (3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 76:8-21.) Moreover, the Court never stated that 
such exhibits could not be generally referenced in pre-trial or appellate proceedings. Rather, the 
Court made it clear that it was prohibiting any reference to or use of the exhibits at the trial. 
(3/18/18 Aft. Tr. 75:24-76:6.) This, of course, makes sense because the Court was not making, 
and has not made, a ruling as to whether any of the 47 exhibits are protected by any privilege. The 
3The Court incorrectly referenced 45 exhibits. Edwards claimed it is 49 exhibits, but two of the 
Bates numbers he referenced were pages contained within another exhibit, making the total 47 exhibits 
which are in dispute. 
EFTA00808674
--- PAGE 4 ---
Court expressly ruled only that the exhibits were untimely and the Court was not going to conduct 
an in camera review three days before trial. 
To date, the oral rulings made by this Court at the March 8, 2018, hearing have not been 
reduced to a written Order. To be clear, however, Epstein has fully complied with the Court's 
rulings. In fact, it was Epstein's current counsel who: (1) disclosed the chain of custody of the 
disc and the limited disclosure of documents to Epstein; (2) immediately cooperated and assisted 
Edwards in sealing docket entries 1242 and 1252; (3) filed Notices of Compliance setting forth the 
steps taken to comply with the Court's rulings; and (4) after the Fourth District Court of Appeal's 
stay was partially lifted, moved to file the disc and the 47 exhibits under seal and obtained an 
Agreed Order allowing the sealing. Epstein and his current counsel have completely complied 
with this Court's rulings regarding the disc and the 47 exhibits. 
Edwards' argument that this Court prohibited general references to even assertedly 
privileged documents in any context other than at trial is completely nonsensical. Even a privilege 
log required under Florida's Rules of Civil Procedure as a condition to withhold documents on the 
basis of privilege must sufficiently identify the specific documents withheld with enough detail to 
facilitate the evaluation of and challenges to the privileges asserted therein. TIG Ins. Cap. v. 
Johnson, 799 So. 2d 339 (Fla. 4th DCA 2001); Abbott Laboratories v. Alpha Therapeutic Corp., 
No. 97-C-1292, 2000 WL 1863543 (N.D. III. Dec. 14, 2000). Moreover, none of the general 
references for which Edwards would have Epstein sanctioned violated any privileges or contain, 
even arguably, confidential information. See paragraphs 12, 14 and 17 of Edwards' Motion 
identifying Epstein's alleged violation. And the issue of whether any of those documents is even 
privileged has never once been determined by this or any other court. Accordingly, for these 
reasons, Edwards' sanctions Motion has absolutely no merit. 
EFTA00808675
--- PAGE 5 ---
If, in fact, Edwards believes that he has "nothing to hide" in the e-mails, then Epstein urges 
Edwards to agree post haste for the Court to determine in camera whether any privilege or work-
product protection exists as to the 47 exhibits. These 47 exhibits go to the very heart of Edwards' 
disingenuous allegation that there was a complete absence of probable cause for Epstein to sue 
Edwards, and they readily defeat Edwards' claim of purported damages! Edwards nevertheless 
withheld them and concealed their existence through the device of a deliberately vague and legally 
non-compliant privilege log. No court has ever reviewed the 47 exhibits in camera and determined 
if, in fact, any are protected or if (as Epstein is confident such a review will confirm) they should 
be subject to the light of the courtroom in this civil action against Epstein. Edwards seeks millions 
of dollars for claimed reputational damage; these e-mails demonstrate the falsity of Edwards' claim 
that he was hurt by Epstein's lawsuit and that Epstein had no reasonable basis to allege that 
Edwards was involved in Rothstein's Ponzi scheme using the tort claimants' cases. 
Finally, Epstein urges this Court to recognize that Edwards' moving to prevent Epstein 
from discussing the exhibits generally — which in essence would mean Epstein cannot seek an in 
camera review or reference the exhibits in these proceedings or even in appellate proceedings --
is simply another transparent attempt by Edwards to hide the truth. Edwards asked the Fourth 
District Court of Appeal to strike general statements made in briefing in before it on the basis that 
Epstein violated this Court's ruling. The Fourth District Court of Appeal, however, rejected 
Edwards' attempt to strike Epstein's statements that the e-mails are case-ending and defeat 
Edwards' malicious prosecution claim against Epstein. 
This Court should similarly reject 
Edwards' arguments and deny his Motion for Sanctions. 
EFTA00808676
--- PAGE 6 ---
THE COURT'S MARCH 8. 2018. HEARING 
On March 8, 2018, the parties attended a special set hearing on a number of pending 
Motions, including Edwards' Motion to Strike Epstein's Untimely Supplemental Exhibits and to 
Strike all Exhibits and Any Reference to Documents Containing Privileged Materials Listed on 
Edwards' Privilege Log. Because the trial was only three business days away, the Court found 
that Epstein's then recently identified exhibits4 were untimely and, because of that, the Court did 
not have sufficient time to conduct an in camera inspection to evaluate Edwards' privilege 
assertions. 
At that hearing, this Court recognized that the jurisdiction over the November 2010 Agreed 
Order was that of the Bankruptcy Court: 
But they're not coming in here, and I would hope elsewhere, if it's 
going to be at the sacrifice not only as to the orderly administration 
of justice, but also in derogation of a federal bankruptcy court's 
order or any court of recognized jurisdiction's order that would 
have the necessary supervisionary control of a given case, but also 
at the potential extermination or derogation of a privilege. And for 
all of those reasons is why I am extremely reluctant to start taking 
these things into consideration just a few days prior to trial . 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 54:9-20) (emphasis added). 
This Court's rulings were focused on not allowing Epstein to use the late-disclosed exhibits 
at trial, including referencing the stricken exhibits at trial, and to sealing the disc and the alleged 
privileged 47 exhibits to protect Epstein's appellate record: 
MR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, may we include in the order a 
direction that opposing counsel is required to relinquish possession 
of all copies of the privileged documents to the Court under seal? 
'Epstein made a rolling production of his newly disclosed exhibits (which fell into general 
categories) to Edwards on February 2, 2018, February 16, 2018, and March 2, 2018. Epstein then 
individually identified each of those exhibits according to the Clerk's pre-marking guidelines on his 
March 5, 2018, Clerk's Trial Exhibit List. 
EFTA00808677
--- PAGE 7 ---
THE COURT: Well, the only thing that obviously has to be taken 
into consideration is the appellate rights of Mr. Epstein and how 
they're going to preserve those rights in light of the fact that the 
Court has rejected the last-minute request for in-camera inspection 
for the reasons that I've already stated at length on the record. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 62:2-12.) 
The Court wanted to ensure that Epstein did not either use the alleged privileged documents 
at trial or refer to their contents, thereby getting information in by the "back door": 
Mr. Epstein will be barred from referring to any of those records as 
it relates to the documents that were gathered from Fowler White or 
from any other source that would have included those records that 
were the subject of Judge Ray's order. So it's to preclude anything 
coming in through the back door which wouldn't be allowed through 
the front. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 75:24-76:6.) 
Both the Court and Edwards' counsel accepted Epstein's counsel's representations of who 
the alleged privileged documents were shared with and that the documents would not be further 
disseminated: 
... no further dissemination is going to be made. I think that goes 
without saying as far as the attorneys are concerned. ... I have no 
doubt in my mind that they will all be respectful of the court order 
of non-dissemination of any of those documents hence forth. 
And Mr. Link [Epstein's counsel] has already represented to the 
Court that other than Mr. Epstein and his co-counsel, that there have 
been no eyes laid upon these documents. Hence, I'm accepting that 
representation, 
as 
Mr. 
Scarola 
has 
accepted 
those 
representations during the hearing as well. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 78:9-25) (emphasis added). 
Paul Cassell, the Intervenors' counsel, asked that a similar representation be made by 
Fowler White. In response, the Court referenced a "blanket confidentiality order" to clarify that 
Fowler White and Epstein's other former counsel were included in the non-dissemination ruling: 
EFTA00808678
--- PAGE 8 ---
As a general blanket order I would simply say that all attorneys who 
have or are representing Mr. Epstein shall be subject to this order of 
confidentiality, of sealing and of non-dissemination of any such 
information that is contemplated in any of the documents that are 
part of the umbrella order of Judge Ray. And that would include all 
of the exhibits that we spoke about today and that have been filed as 
a matter of record. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 79:9-18) (emphasis added). But even this clarification was focused on the non-
dissemination of the specific confidential information contemplated in the documents. It certainly 
did not preclude a general reference to their existence. Nor does a reference to their devastating 
impact on Edwards' cause of action reveal the specific information contemplated in the documents 
and violate this blanket order. 
While it is understandable that Edwards does not want the truth to be known, the "blanket 
confidentiality order" was not meant as a gag order to ensure that even a general reference to the 
exhibits would not be made in this proceeding pre-trial, in the Bankruptcy Court proceeding or 
in the appellate court proceedings. Rather, it was made to ensure that the documents that Edwards 
has claimed are privileged are not used at trial or disseminated further until further order of this 
Court. 
ARGUMENT 
General Adjective Argument is Not Disclosure 
Edwards' examples of alleged violation fall far short of explicit disclosure. Edwards 
referenced the following alleged improper statements made by Epstein in court filings: 
Second, the alleged eight-year-old "confidential" information to 
which Edwards refers is 47 exhibits comprised of a series of 
communications between Edwards and other attorneys, including 
Scott Rothstein, that eviscerate Edwards' case against Epstein in 
its entirety . . . Moreover, on their face, all of these eight-year-old 
communications clearly show that Edwards' claims of work product 
simply do not apply. These inculpatory communications cannot 
constitute work-product. They directly relate to issues that 
EFTA00808679
--- PAGE 9 ---
Edwards himself has made central to this case and their content 
provides independent grounds to reject work product protection, 
including both the crime fraud exception and potential 
unprofessional conduct . . . the trial court refused to evaluate 
these issues, choosing instead to exclude the communications on 
the basis of what the Court believed was Epstein's untimely 
request to identify them on his Exhibit List. (Motion p. 12.) 
Included among those issues to be perfected at the trial court is 
Edwards' errant claim of "privilege" which remains a cloud below 
preventing the admission of crucial evidence that Epstein 
maintains is dispositive of this case. That evidence must be 
reviewed in camera by the trial court while the appellate issues 
are under review. Consistent with this Court's interest in "fairness" 
and "efficient use of the trial court's time and resources," Epstein 
will be narrowing his request for in camera review down from 
27,000 pages to a readily manageable fraction, 47 exhibits 
numbering approximately 100 pages. (Motion p. 14.) 
Recent events (appeal and stay) and the discovery of e-mails that 
total [sic] eviscerate Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' 
("Edwards") claims and shines a light on his true motivation have 
prompted unprofessional behavior from Edwards and his counsel 
evidenced by the unilateral setting of hearings, certificates of 
conferring that never happened and intentional ex parte attendance 
at a hearing despite knowing of Epstein's counsel's unavailability. 
(Motion p. 17.) 
None of these statements evidence disclosure of the contents of any documents Edwards 
deems are privileged but, rather, they are made in connection with requests for judicial relief. If 
merely referencing the documents' existence is a violation of the Court's ruling, then Edwards, 
himself, violated it with the filing of his Motion for Sanctions citing the alleged statements and 
by filing his Motion for Order to Show Cause in the Bankruptcy Court. 
Not once has Epstein or his counsel violated this Court's rulings. Instead, Epstein made 
appropriate general statements about the nature of the documents and their impact on Edwards 
case — consistent with this Court's own recognition in open Court that the documents are 
"detrimental" to Edwards' case: 
EFTA00808680
--- PAGE 10 ---
And I understand what you're going to tell me because I've gotten a 
flavor for some of these documents that have been provided. ... And 
that is that they are detrimental to the position taken by Mr. Edwards 
and that they are helpful to the position taken by Mr. Epstein. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 51:23-52:5)(emphasis added). If the Court's ruling prohibits general statements 
about the e-mails, including that they are "detrimental" or "case-ending" to Edwards' malicious 
prosecution action, even in court filings, then Epstein's counsel would be prevented from 
advancing any argument for an in camera review or other relief with respect to the e-mails in this 
Court or the appellate court or from defending himself in the Bankruptcy Court. Edwards' 
ludicrous interpretation of this Court's ruling as a blanket gag order would effectively impede 
discharge by Epstein's counsel of their ethical duties to zealously advocate for Epstein. The 
Court's ruling contains no express statement to justify substantial interference with counsel's 
ethical duties in their representation of a client; nor could this Court ever have intended it to be 
interpreted that way. 
Epstein Has Fully Complied with this Court's Ruling 
If the basis for Edwards' sanctions Motion is a violation of only this Court's oral rulings 
(and not the November 2010 Agreed Order), then Edwards' sanctions Motion is equally 
unjustified. At most, this Court prohibited Epstein and his counsel from disseminating the specific 
information contemplated in the 47 exhibits Edwards improperly claims are privileged. However, 
Epstein has not disseminated, quoted or specifically referenced the contents of any of the 47 
exhibits. Epstein's general references to the e-mails disclose nothing confidential contained 
therein. Thus, Epstein has assuredly not violated the Court's oral rulings. 
Edwards bases his claims of sanctionable violations on general references to assertedly 
privilege materials which he never properly supported with a legally sufficient and 77G-compliant 
privilege log. Ironically, had Edwards provided a legally sufficient privilege log, based on 
EFTA00808681
--- PAGE 11 ---
Edwards' nonsensical interpretation of this Court's rulings, even the limited descriptions legally 
required to withhold the 47 exhibits contained therein would be a violation of this Court's rulings. 
The general references to the 47 exhibits for which Edwards seeks sanctions are far less specific 
than the descriptions which Edwards was required, but failed, to provide in a legally sufficient 
privilege log. 
To the contrary, Epstein has fully complied with the Court's rulings. It was Epstein who 
— without hesitation — agreed to the sealing; worked with Edwards' counsel to obtain an Agreed 
Order sealing the docket entries, disc and exhibits; and then filed Notices of Compliance. Epstein 
has not once disclosed the case-ending e-mails in the press, or to others, or, after the March 8, 
2018, hearing, expressly stated their content in any pleadings before this or any other court! 
Ignoring all of this, Edwards simply seeks a gag order on the truth. 
Fourth District Court of Anneal Denied a Similar Request from Edwards 
In his Motion to this Court, Edwards argues that no less than four times Epstein referenced 
the alleged privilege exhibits in filings with both this Court and the appellate court. Conveniently 
for Edwards, he neglects to disclose to this Court that he also sought to strike references to the 47 
exhibits from Epstein's appellate filings on these same grounds, and the Fourth District Court of 
Appeal denied Edwards' requested relief in both cases without even requiring Epstein to respond. 
See April 5, 2018, Order, Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards, 4th DCA Case No. 4D18-0762; April 
6, 2018, Order, Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards, 4Th DCA Case No. 4D18-0787. (Composite 
Exhibit B.) 
II 
EFTA00808682
--- PAGE 12 ---
CONCLUSION 
Epstein has fully complied with this Court's rulings at the March 8, 2018, hearing and has 
not disseminated the 47 exhibits that were the subject of those rulings or any of the specific 
information contained in those documents. Epstein's general references in pit-trial filings with 
this Court and in the Fourth District Court of Appeal to the 47 exhibits in question do not in any 
way violate the Court's March 8th rulings. The issue of Fowler White's and/or Epstein's 
compliance with Judge Ray's Bankruptcy Court November 2010 Order is squarely before Judge 
Ray as a result of Edwards' separate motion before that court and should not be adjudicated a 
second time by this Court. The Fourth District Court of Appeal has already denied Edwards' 
separate motions to strike Epstein's references to the 47 exhibits based on asserted violations of 
this Court's rulings, which should dictate a similar response by this Court to the instant motion. 
Furthermore, any consideration of sanctions against Epstein arising from Epstein's disclosure of 
any allegedly attorney-client privileged and/or work-product protected information contained in 
any of the 47 exhibits necessarily requires an evaluation of whether any such privilege or work-
product protection actually exists, and, if so, to what extent it was invaded by such disclosure. 
Epstein vehemently denies that any attorney-client privilege or work product protection applies 
with respect to the 47 exhibits, and neither this Court nor any other has ever affirmatively 
determined that any such privilege or protection exists. Absent an affirmative determination that 
the 47 exhibits are subject to attorney-client privileges or work product protection, there is simply 
no basis for an award of sanctions against Epstein for making general references to those 47 
exhibits. For all of these reasons, Edwards' Motion for Sanctions and the Intervenors' Joinder are 
improper and must be denied. 
EFTA00808683
--- PAGE 13 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on June 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: Is/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Rachel J. Glasser (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jay Epstein 
EFTA00808684
--- PAGE 14 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant1Counter-Plainhff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, .. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake Cit UT 84112-0730 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for 
M
,
E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for n,
 E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808685

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808686.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO EDWARDS' MOTION TO BE 
PERMITTED TO TAKE HIS LIMITED DEPOSITION 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") responds in opposition to 
Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") Motion to take his limited deposition, and 
states: 
INTRODUCTION 
Edwards is asking this Court to allow him to take Epstein's deposition to determine 
"Epstein's knowledge, use, possession and distribution of the privileged materials," "Epstein's 
knowledge of Judge Ray's Order and the timing of when he first acquired that knowledge," and 
"the extent of [Epstein's] review of Edwards' privileged materials, the timing of that review, the 
identity of all persons with whom Epstein shared the privileged materials or its contents, as well 
as all other topics reasonably necessary to allow Edwards to identify and object at trial to all 
attempts by Epstein to utilize Edwards' privileged materials ..." (Mot. ¶¶ 9, 10.) 
EFTA00808686
--- PAGE 2 ---
However, no determination of privilege has ever been made. In addition, the Bankruptcy 
Court has already issued an Order to show cause allowing discovery focused on whether Fowler 
White and/or Epstein violated the November 2010 Agreed Bankruptcy Order. Moreover, this 
Court has ruled that at this point, the 47 exhibits are not coming into evidence. Link & 
Rockenbach, officers of this Court, will not violate this Court's ruling and try to "back door" the 
exhibits in. No additional information is needed by Edwards or this Court to ensure this, 
including the information Edwards seeks from the expansive deposition of Epstein that Edwards 
proposes. 
Edwards presents this request for Epstein's deposition months after the expiration of a 
discovery deadline, already strictly enforced by this Court, based on a tortured line of reasoning 
premised on privileges this Court has never determined and an obviously misguided view that 
this Court is unable to make its own determinations as to the admissibility of evidence or to 
enforce its own orders. Does this Court need Edwards to take Epstein's deposition in order to 
enforce at trial its rulings on admissibility? Obviously, the answer is "No." 
None of the materials about which Edwards seeks to depose Epstein have ever been 
determined to be privileged. This very issue, in fact, is currently before this Court. This Court's 
confirmation that no such privilege exists with respect to those materials will eliminate any 
conceivable reason (no matter how questionable) to seek Epstein's deposition and will expose 
Edwards' current Motion as yet another attempt to hide critical case-ending evidence from the 
jury that vindicate Epstein's actions in filing suit against Edwards. 
In the meantime, all of those materials are currently under seal and subject to an order 
prohibiting their use, and this Court (as well as Edwards) is fully capable of recognizing if and 
when its orders are being violated and fashioning an appropriate remedy should that ever occur. 
EFTA00808687
--- PAGE 3 ---
This Court has express statutory authority to control its courtroom and the evidence that will be 
presented.' It neither needs nor should it be required to upset the schedule it imposed for the 
orderly administration of the trial in this matter just so Edwards may have another opportunity to 
harass Epstein. If an attempt is made at trial to use evidence improperly, this Court will address 
that if and when that happens. Neither the Court nor Edwards has any need of an additional 
deposition of Epstein to recognize, object to and address the improper use at trial of evidence 
that has already been specifically identified and excluded from trial. 
This Court recognized that the alleged violation of the November 2010 Agreed 
Bankruptcy Order was an issue for the Bankruptcy Court, rather than one to be resolved in this 
forum. Edwards agreed and sought relief from the Bankruptcy Court. The Bankruptcy Court 
has now entered its Order setting an evidentiary hearing and allowing discovery, including a 
focused deposition of Epstein, in order to determine whether, in fact, the November 2010 Agreed 
Bankruptcy Order was violated and, if so, by whom. In other words, the issue of civil contempt 
and sanctions is now pending before the Bankruptcy Judge. 
Notwithstanding the Bankruptcy Court's review of the issues related to its Order, 
Edwards is asking this Court to reopen discovery and allow Edwards to go outside the scope of 
inquiry permitted by the Bankruptcy Court by allowing Edwards to ask Epstein questions that 
have no relevance even to the issues to be tried in this case. Incomprehensibly, Edwards' 
justification for Epstein's deposition in this proceeding is that Edwards needs to question Epstein 
outside of the scope of inquiry authorized by the Bankruptcy Court so that Edwards will know 
whether or when to object at trial to attempts to use evidence that has already been specifically 
identified and excluded by this Court. The reasons he offers makes no sense at all. Edwards 
should be denied the transparent attempt to harass Epstein and circumvent the Bankruptcy 
See § 90.612, Fla. Stat. (Mode and order of interrogation and presentation). 
EFTA00808688
--- PAGE 4 ---
Court's jurisdiction. If Edwards is unsatisfied with the Bankruptcy Court's process to evaluate 
whether Epstein or his counsel ever actually violated the November 2010 Agreed Bankruptcy 
Order, then Edwards' recourse is before the Bankruptcy Court, not the judicial forum shopping 
and harassment Edwards is pursuing. 
ARGUMENT 
Edwards argued to the Bankruptcy Court that extensive discovery was needed in order to 
determine the true extent of his damages. The Bankruptcy Court rejected this argument, 
allowing discovery targeted to the issues of civil contempt to determine if the November 2010 
Agreed Bankruptcy Order was violated. Being denied broad discovery at the Bankruptcy Court 
level, Edwards now runs to this Court with the ever-evolving yet nonsensical claim that Edwards 
needs the discovery to allow him to obiect at trial to Epstein's attempt to utilize Edwards' 
privileged materials. 
1. 
A Privilege Determination Ilas Not Been Made 
Just because Edwards identified documents on his privilege log does not mean the 
documents are privileged2. In fact, in 2012, Edwards produced to Epstein more than 80 
documents identified on his privilege log, consisting largely of communications between 
Edwards and the media, for which, when challenged, Edwards could muster no legal justification 
to withhold them. The determination of privilege can only be made by this Court after an in 
camera review. On April 4, 2018, Epstein filed his Supplement to Motion for Court to Declare 
Relevance and Non-Privileged Nature of Documents with a Specific Request for In Camera 
Review to Determine Relevance, Inapplicability and/or Waiver of Attorney-Client Privilege and 
Attorney Work Product With Regard to Sealed Documents. Until that Motion is resolved by this 
2Epstein disagrees that the documents are privileged, but the documents and disc have been 
sealed and are currently the subject of a request for an in camera review. 
EFTA00808689
--- PAGE 5 ---
Court, and unless the Court finds that the documents are privileged, no additional deposition 
could possibly be justified by Edwards. 
2. 
Edwards' Claim of Violations of the Bankruptcy Court's Order is Properly Before 
the Bankruptcy Court 
Edwards has already brought the alleged violations of the November 2010 Agreed 
Bankruptcy Order to the Bankruptcy Court's attention. 
Specifically, on March 19, 2018, 
Edwards; moved the Bankruptcy Court to issue an order to show cause why Fowler White and 
Epstein should not be held in contempt of court, to permit discovery, to assess sanctions and 
costs and for other appropriate relief. (Exhibit A, without exhibits.) The Bankruptcy Court held 
a hearing on April 13, 20184 and entered its Order to show cause setting an evidentiary hearing 
in Augusts. The Bankruptcy Court is allowing Edwards to take targeted deposition discovery 
focused on the issues that concern both this Court and the Bankruptcy Court. That is, whether or 
not Fowler White and/or Epstein violated the November 2010 Agreed Bankruptcy Order. In its 
April 20, 2018, Order, the Bankruptcy Court stated, "If the parties find that additional 
depositions are necessary, the party seeking to take the deposition shall file a motion with the 
Court in a timely manner so as not to delay the Show Cause Hearing." (Exhibit C.) If after 
taking the depositions allowed, including the deposition of Epstein, Edwards believes a broader 
scope of questioning of Epstein should be allowed, he can and should address those issues with 
the Bankruptcy Court. There is simply no issue before this Court that requires Epstein's 
deposition beyond that which already has been authorized by the Bankruptcy Court. 
3Edwards filed the Motion on behalf of Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, 
M., and then joined the Motion individually. For purposes of this Motion, Fanner Jaffee and 
Edwards shall be collectively referred to as "Edwards." 
4A copy of the April 13, 2018, Bankruptcy Court hearing transcript is attached as Exhibit B. 
5A copy of the April 20, 2018, Order to Show Cause is attached as Exhibit C. 
EFTA00808690
--- PAGE 6 ---
3. 
This Court Has Already Ordered that Epstein Cannot Use the Documents 
Epstein's counsel has repeatedly advised the Court by affidavits and representation how 
current counsel obtained the disc, that Epstein received copies of select e-mails, and how he and 
his counsel complied with the Court's rulings at the March 8, 2018, hearing. See Epstein's 
March 11, 2018, and March 23, 2018, Notices of Compliance. Epstein's counsel has already told 
the Court and Edwards' counsel that Epstein was never provided with the disc and that in 2018 
only Epstein, his ethics experts and his trial team were provided with key e-mails identified on 
Epstein's Clerk's Trial Exhibit List and Appendix. Both the Court and Edwards' counsel 
accepted Epstein's counsel's representations: 
And Mr. Link [Epstein's counsel] has already represented to the 
Court that other than Mr. Epstein and his co-counsel, that there 
have been no eyes laid upon these documents. 
Hence, 
accepting that representation, as Mr. Scarola has accepted 
those representations during the hearing as well. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 78:20-25)6 (emphasis added). 
The disputed documents and disc have been sealed by Agreed Order and, until this Court 
reviews the documents in camera and rules, first on relevance and, second, if any privilege 
exists, they will not be presented as evidence at trial. That is, to quote this Court, nothing from 
the "front door" will come through the "back door." Epstein and his counsel, who are officers of 
this Court, will abide by the Court's rulings and will not use or refer to the excluded exhibits 
unless the Court allows them to do so. Edwards' suggestion that Epstein's deposition is 
necessary in order to enable this Court to enforce its own order is absurd on its face. 
Edwards' request to ask Epstein questions about the 47 exhibits is nonsensical. What 
could Edwards learn from Epstein's deposition to "allow him to object at trial"? 
1. 
The universe of documents is 47 exhibits. 
'Excerpts of the March 8, 2018, afternoon hearing transcript are attached as Exhibit D. 
EFTA00808691
--- PAGE 7 ---
2. 
Whether Epstein studied the exhibits for five minutes or 
five hours does not change that fact that at this point in 
time, this Court has ruled the 47 exhibits are not coming 
into evidence and may not be referred to at trial. 
3. 
To suggest that Link & Rockenbach would try to put a third 
party on the stand to circumvent this Court's ruling is 
absurd. 
There is a defined set of documents subject to the Court's ruling. Epstein's deposition 
would not be necessary to help Edwards or this Court determine whether any attempt is made at 
trial to either introduce those documents or have a witness refer to them in some way. Moreover, 
Epstein is not calling witnesses or questioning them at trial. Rather, his counsel will do that 
work, and they have already said they would not violate the Court's rulings. If Edwards is 
concerned about an attempt by Epstein or his counsel to violate the Court's ruling at trial, the 
only time to address that is if and when it happens, not before because it hypothetically may 
happen. That is, if Epstein or Epstein's counsel attempt to utilize the 47 exhibits at trial, the time 
to raise an objection is at the trial. Predictions that Epstein and his counsel, Link & Rockenbach, 
will intentionally violate this Court's rulings are absurd and serve no basis for allowing Epstein's 
deposition. 
CONCLUSION 
Edwards' request to take Epstein's deposition will not help Edwards or the Court 
determine whether an attempt may be made to use or refer to the finite set of documents at trial. 
Moreover, if the Bankruptcy Court finds no violation of its November 2010 Agreed Bankruptcy 
Order or this Court determines that none of the documents are in fact subject to a privilege, any 
remotely conceivable basis for Epstein's deposition is eliminated. Both of those issues need to 
EFTA00808692
--- PAGE 8 ---
be resolved first before considering opening discovery to allow Edwards to conduct depositions 
outside the parameters already set by the Bankruptcy Court. 
In any event, Edwards' questions have already been answered and taking Epstein's 
deposition, outside of the scope of inquiry authorized by the Bankruptcy Court, is unwarranted 
and should not be allowed. Factual issues relating to the November 2010 Agreed Bankruptcy 
Order are properly before the Bankruptcy Court. This Court, on the other hand, is in charge of 
its courtroom and is certainly able to make the decisions at trial regarding what testimony and 
evidence may be allowed. The Court does not require Epstein's deposition to control its own 
courtroom or enforce its own order. Accordingly, Epstein respectfully requests that Edwards' 
Motion be denied. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on April 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach • 
Rachel J. Glasser (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jay Epstein 
EFTA00808693
--- PAGE 9 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
IN= 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for.", E.11" 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for 
I
f
f
,
E. W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808694

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808695.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' SECOND SUPPLEMENT TO MOTION IN LIMINE 
ADDRESSING SCOPE OF ADMISSIBLE EVIDENCE 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), opposes Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") December 11, 2017, Second Supplement to Motion in 
Limine Addressing Scope of Admissible Evidence (D.E. 1113) and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
Edwards seeks to prevent Epstein from introducing any testimony and evidence regarding 
the criminal misconduct that occurred with the Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & Adler law firm ("RRA") 
during the six months that he was employed there, but that was not known to Epstein until after 
December 9, 2009. Epstein agrees that the existence of probable cause for initiating a claim is 
determined based on information known at the time the original civil proceeding is filed. However, 
Edwards' counsel placed the "continuation" of probable cause at issue before this Court at a recent 
hearing. Additionally, Edwards' counsel added the "continuation" of the original civil proceeding 
EFTA00808695
--- PAGE 2 ---
as an issue in the parties' Pretrial Stipulation. (D.E. 1132, ¶C.2.B.) The Pretrial Stipulation 
specifically recognizes that the continuation must be based on evidence and information that was 
learned subsequent to the original filing. Id. Therefore, it makes no logical sense, and would in 
fact be reversible error, to hold that Epstein cannot offer evidence to the jury of his reasons for 
continuing the lawsuit. 
As for Edwards' invocation of the "absolute litigation privilege," the privilege may be an 
affirmative defense to an abuse of process action where the conditions of the absolute privilege are 
satisfied; however, this is not an abuse of process action. What is material to this case is that not 
all of the conditions of the absolute litigation privilege were satisfied on the facts alleged in 
Epstein's Corrected Second Amended Complaint. Significant to this case and Epstein having 
probable cause to continue with this suit against Edwards was Judge Crow's finding when he 
denied Edwards' Motion to Dismiss Epstein's Second Amended Complaint. Edwards' Motion to 
Dismiss asserted the litigation privilege as an absolute bar to Epstein's cause of action. The Court 
found that the absolute litigation privilege did not bar this proceeding and found that Epstein's 
allegations were sufficient to plead a cause of action for abuse of process. (D.E. 389.) (Exhibit 
A.) Thus, the litigation privilege does not serve to bar Epstein from offering testimony and 
evidence to support his good-faith belief that Edwards was engaged in litigation misconduct that 
bore no relation to the claims of Edwards' clients, and, thus, provided Epstein with a reasonable 
basis to believe in the connection between Rothstein's Ponzi scheme and Edwards' misconduct. 
EFTA00808696
--- PAGE 3 ---
ARGUMENT 
1. 
Edwards Placed the "Continuation" of Epstein's Original Civil Proceeding at 
Issue Which Entitles Epstein to Defend by Introducing Evidence that Formed 
the Basis for His Continuing Probable Cause 
Edwards has the burden of establishing, by the greater weight of the evidence, that Epstein 
commenced and continued the judicial proceeding against him without probable cause. See Burns 
v. GCC Beverages, Inc., 502 So. 2d 1217, 1219 (Fla. 1986); Endacott v. Mt? Hospitality, Inc., 910 
So. 2d 915, 923 (Fla. 3d DCA 2005) ("plaintiff must show that probable cause was lacking at all 
stages of the underlying proceeding."). A civil litigant has probable cause to bring a suit when he 
has "a reasonable belief, based on facts and circumstances known to him, in the validity of the 
claim." Wright v. Yurko, 446 So. 2d 1162, 1166 (Fla. 5th DCA 1984) (citing Goldstein v. Sabena, 
So. 2d 910 (Fla. 1956)). A litigant may rely on first-hand knowledge or "trustworthy 
information that was provided" to him. Gill v. Kostroff, 82 F. Supp. 2d 1354, 1364 (M.D. Fla. 
2000). 
Significantly, counsel for Epstein, Scott Link, at a recent hearing indicated that Edwards' 
burden was proving no probable cause at the time Epstein filed the original civil proceeding and 
Edwards' counsel, Jack Scarola, corrected him and stated: 
We contend there was no probable cause to continue the proceeding. 
The initiation and continuation of the proceeding caused damage to 
Bradley Edwards, both because no probable cause ever existed. So 
it was both initiated and continued in the absence of probable cause. 
(12/5/17 Tr. 46:1-9.)I 
Additionally, the parties' Joint Pretrial Stipulation submitted after that hearing identified 
the continuation as an "issue[] of fact for determination at trial on Edwards' Counterclaim against 
Epstein": 
I Excerpts of the December 5, 2017, hearing transcript are attached as Exhibit B. 
EFTA00808697
--- PAGE 4 ---
If Epstein had probable cause to initiate the original civil proceeding 
against Edwards at the time the case was initially filed, whether a 
reasonably cautious person would have continued to prosecute the 
civil proceeding against Edwards, based on new information acquired 
by Epstein after the case was filed. (The parties agree that in the 
absence of material disputed facts, the issue of whether Epstein's claim 
against Edwards was maintained when probable cause no longer 
existed is an issue to be determined by the Court.) 
(D.E. 1132, C.2.B, e.s.) 
Clearly, any and all of the testimony and evidence that supports Epstein's probable cause 
for the initiation and continuation of his original civil proceeding against Rothstein and Edwards 
is admissible. The evidence and testimony Epstein seeks to introduce tends to show Rothstein's 
connection to Edwards and the cases Edwards was litigating against Epstein, specifically during 
the six-month period in which Rothstein was alleged by Ponzi scheme investors to be using those 
same Epstein cases to defraud them. Even if such evidence was discovered by Epstein after the 
initiation of the original civil proceeding against Rothstein and Edwards, the allegations of the 
Ponzi scheme investors were known to Epstein prior to initiating the original suit, and Epstein's 
subsequent discovery of such evidence served to corroborate those allegations and supported 
Epstein's probable cause to have continued the original suit. Any judicial limitation on Epstein's 
efforts to introduce that testimony and evidence at trial would interfere with Epstein's right to 
defend against Edwards' erroneous assertion that Epstein lacked probable cause to continue this 
action, and would be reversible error. 
EFTA00808698
--- PAGE 5 ---
2. 
The Absolute Litigation Privilege Does Not Apply to Edwards 
Edwards wants the Court to find that Epstein could not have had probable cause to initiate 
the civil proceeding because the conduct upon which Epstein based his Complaint against Edwards 
(Edwards' abuse of process of the claims of his three clients in other lawsuits brought against 
Epstein) is absolutely protected by the litigation privilege, such that any such conduct could not 
have formed the basis for any claim against Edwards. Under this thought process, for the absolute 
privilege to preclude a showing of probable cause by Epstein, then Edwards would need to show 
that Epstein knew when he initiated the civil proceeding, and at all times before he filed his Notice 
of Voluntary Dismissal Without Prejudice, that the litigation privilege precluded every cause of 
action asserted therein without any possibility that his claims would survive. 
In August 2011, in his Supplement to Motion to Dismiss Epstein's Second Amended 
Complaint, Edwards argued that the litigation privilege was an absolute bar to Epstein's claims. 
(Exhibit C.) The Court disagreed with this argument and found that Epstein's allegations in 
support of his abuse of process claims were sufficient to plead a cause of action. (D.E. 389) 
(Exhibit A). Thus, in continuing his action, Epstein had a reasonable basis to believe the absolute 
litigation privilege did not apply. Judge Crow's 2011 Order (two years after the filing of the 
original Complaint) denying Edwards' Motion to Dismiss Epstein's Second Amended Complaint 
is compelling evidence that Epstein had a reasonable basis for continuing with the lawsuit. 
EFTA00808699
--- PAGE 6 ---
The absolute litigation privilege does not apply to prevent Epstein from defending his 
continuation of the original civil proceeding against Rothstein and Edwards. If Epstein sued 
Edwards for some statement or act performed during litigation between them, Edwards might have 
this privilege available as an affirmative defense to that action if the conduct occurred during that 
proceeding and it related to that action. However, Edwards is seeking to apply the absolute 
litigation privilege to his conduct in representing clients in other actions against Epstein for work 
he performed that had no relationship to the furtherance of those matters. If the conduct that forms 
the basis of the complaint does not relate to the proceeding, then it would not be covered by the 
litigation privilege and it could serve as a basis for probable cause to bring a claim. Levin, 
Middlebrooks, Mabie, Thomas, Mayes & Mitchell, P.A. v. United States Fire Ins. Co., 639 So. 2d 
606, 608 (Fla. 1994). 
Epstein's Complaints identified numerous instances of conduct by Edwards that were 
outside the parameters of the litigation privilege. Acts that bear no relation to and are not in 
furtherance of a judicial proceeding do not have immunity. Levin at 608. "Where judicial process 
is being perverted, immunity would impede, not further, the interests protected by the judicial 
privilege." Gen. Refractories Co. v. Fireman's Fund Ins. Co., 337 F.3d 297, 312 (3d Cir. 2003). 
Epstein is allowed to defend by showing the jury Edwards' overzealous litigation behavior 
had no relationship to the furtherance of his clients' claims — exhaustive fourteen hours of 
depositions of pilots who Edwards knew had no interaction with Edwards' three clients, a request 
to the federal court for Epstein to post a $15 million bond because of alleged asset diversion, the 
filing of a 234-page federal court complaint when a state court action was already pending, and 
requests for depositions of former President Clinton, now President Trump, and other notable 
friends or acquaintances of Epstein. These unusual litigation tactics combined with information 
EFTA00808700
--- PAGE 7 ---
known by Epstein, formed the basis for his probable cause to question whether a connection 
between Rothstein and Edwards existed. 
Furthermore, Edwards intends to present evidence and testimony to prove the validity of 
his clients' claims and the propriety of his overzealous litigation conduct of which Epstein has 
complained to establish that Epstein had no probable cause to initiate and continue his action 
against Edwards. The Court should not allow Edwards to use the absolute litigation privilege to 
bar Epstein from introducing contrary evidence, particularly where the contrary evidence includes 
an Order from Judge Crow ruling that Epstein's Second Amended Complaint properly stated a 
cause of action for abuse of process. 
It would be a tortured application of the Florida Supreme Court's Levin decision to allow 
Edwards to bar Epstein from presenting his defense and constitutes reversible error. 
CONCLUSION 
Epstein respectfully requests that Edwards' Second Supplement to Motion in Limine 
Addressing Scope of Admissible Evidence be denied. 
EFTA00808701
--- PAGE 8 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on January 8, 2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Angela M. Many (FBN 26680) 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, M. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant1Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808702
--- PAGE 9 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301-3268 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley I Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, .. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Je 
E stein 
EFTA00808703

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808704.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO EDWARDS' MOTION TO STRIKE 
EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR IN CAMERA INSPECTION OF 30 E-MAILS 
Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") responds in opposition to Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") November 13, 2018, Motion to Strike Epstein's Motion for in 
Camera Inspection of 30 E-Mails and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
Edwards knows only one path: hide and deflect from the truth. Pursuant to long-
established Florida Supreme Court precedent, Epstein is required to articulate his "specific legal 
argument" in order to properly preserve it for appeal to the Fourth District Court of Appeal. This 
preservation is particularly necessary in light of this Court's recent ruling striking 126 of Epstein's 
trial exhibits, many of which were public records or already in Edwards' possession and which 
Epstein specifically identified and provided to Edwards more than eight months ago. With regard 
to the 30 e-mails and this Court's ruling on procedure at the November 2, 2018 hearing, Epstein 
fully complied with this Court's oral ruling and written order — in both the spirit and letter of the 
EFTA00808704
--- PAGE 2 ---
law —by filing a motion for in camera inspection of a "generic quality" and leaving the "substantive 
discussion of those e-mails...under seal by way of memorandum." This is precisely what was 
accomplished by Epstein. Disappointingly, Edwards prefers that Epstein be silenced from making 
any appellate record — which simply is not the law. Edwards' unmeritorious Motion to Strike must 
be denied. 
EPSTEIN'S COMPLIANCE WITH THE COURT'S NOVEMBER 2, 2018, HEARING 
After ruling that Epstein would not be allowed to use certain exhibits identified since 
March 2018 on his Clerk's Trial Exhibit List under a Binger' analysis, this Court raised the pending 
issue of the 47 e-mails that Edwards claims are privileged and Epstein's pending request for an in 
camera review. As to those documents, the Court found: 
... I think that they do have a bit of a different connotation and 
import as it relates to whether or not late-filed, because if they were 
contained in the 2010 [sic-2011] privilege log, it's very difficult to 
suggest that there would be prejudice as to knowledge on the part of 
those documents being potentially utilized. 
(11/2/18 Hearing Tr., 115:5-12.) 
The Court then instructed the parties to submit briefing on the issue: 
So what I will need is the emails sent to my office under seal. I will 
be the only one to review those emails. What I then would need from 
you is the motion that's filed, and I don't know how there can be a 
viable discussion without discussing the contents of the emails in a 
setting that the memoranda is sent under seal, and for attorneys' eyes 
only. 
*** 
I think the best approach would be for a motion to be filed of a generic 
quality that does not mention any contents of these emails, but simply 
tees it up, so to speak, with the understanding on this record today 
that any substantive discussion of those emails will be done under 
seal by way of memorandum, and that will be done under seal and 
will continue to be under seal, and will be filed under seal in case of 
Ringer v. King Pest Control, 401 So. 2d 1310 (Fla. 1981). 
EFTA00808705
--- PAGE 3 ---
a need for appellate review. So that is going to be the direction of the 
Court, that the motion be filed, but that the memorandum be sent 
under seal to this Court, hand-delivered to me, sealed. And the same 
response memorandum be sent to be under seal by Mr. Edwards' 
counsel a week later. 
(11/2/18 Hearing Tr., 120:17-25; 122:22-123:14.) 
This Court only limited Epstein to a motion "generic in nature" to the extent that the motion 
could not (and did not) specifically quote any of the e-mails or specifically discuss their contents. 
However, this Court also recognized the need for Epstein's motion to "tee up" the argument and 
then provide the specific references to the e-mails in the sealed memorandum. The Court's oral 
ruling was reduced to a proposed written Order by Epstein's counsel, with one minor change by 
Edwards' counsel, and remained consistent with the oral ruling that any "specific" citations and 
references to the e-mails would be in the memorandum filed under seal. There can be no legitimate 
dispute — Epstein complied with the sealing of the memorandum that specifically cited to and 
quoted the e-mails. 
Edwards seems to take issue with the fact that Epstein fully (20 pages) and specifically (as 
required by the law) raised his legal arguments in the motion. Edwards' flawed argument avoids 
the obvious - Epstein never once cited or quoted a specific e-mail, despite how compelling a public 
argument each e-mail presents for relevance, and for no privilege or protection in light of Edwards' 
defective and misleading privilege log and Edwards' sworn testimony in this lawsuit. Rather, 
Epstein complied with Florida law by articulating his specific legal arguments as to why the e-
mails are relevant, never had any attorney-client privilege, no longer have protection of work-
product given Edwards' noncompliance with Florida Rules of Civil Procedure and a defective, if 
not worse, privilege log, as well as producing all of the 27,542 e-mails to an adversary, issue 
EFTA00808706
--- PAGE 4 ---
injection (Edwards' sworn testimony) and the crime fraud exception found in the Florida Evidence 
Code. 
FLORIDA SUPREME COURT REOUIRES SPECIFIC LEGAL 
ARGUMENT FOR APPELLATE PRESERVATION 
Edwards' trial counsel knows the law, having been involved in at least one appeal 
addressing this legal tenet. See Eagleman v. Korzeniowski, 924 So. 2d 855, 860 (Fla. 4'h DCA 
2006)("In order to be preserved for appellate review, the specific argument made on appeal must 
have been raised when the party objected in the trial court.") In fact, the Fourth District Court of 
Appeal concluded that, "[i]t defies logic for a party to expect to be able to take no position on an 
issue in the trial court and then take whatever position is most advantageous to it on appeal; a party 
must take some position below in order for this court to review how the trial court ruled on that 
position." Id. at 859. In Edwards' view of the law, Epstein should be darned if he does, darned if 
he does not. Had Epstein not articulated the specific legal bases in his motion, Edwards would 
have claimed "lack of preservation" on appeal! See Diaz v. Wells Fargo Bank, M., 189 So. 3d 
279, 
282 
(Fla. 
5'h 
DCA 
2016)("To preserve an 
issue 
for appellate review, 
"the specific  legal ground upon which a claim is based must be raised at trial....") citing Allis v. 
Boemi, 29 So. 3d 1105, 1109 (Fla. 2010); Cadavieco v. Castle Key Ins. Co., 246 So. 3d 501 (Fla. 
3d 
DCA 
2018)(affirrned 
citing 
civil 
cases 
holding 
that 
in 
order 
to 
be preserved for appellate review, 
issue 
must 
presented 
to 
lower 
court 
and 
the snecific legal argument raised). 
Accordingly, Epstein complied with this Court's order — and Florida law — by making his 
specific legal argument and being "generic" in his reference to the e-mails. Not once did Epstein 
quote or specifically reference an e-mail in his motion. In addition, Epstein did not say anything 
EFTA00808707
--- PAGE 5 ---
in his motion that has not already been said multiple times before in public filings. See Exhibit B 
for an illustrative sampling of prior statements made in public filings. 
EDWARDS' NOVEMBER 2017 DEPOSITION 
In denying Epstein the right to use exhibits identified on his March 2018 Clerk's Trial 
Exhibit List, the Court claimed that, because Epstein did not question Edwards about the 
documents during his November 2017 deposition, Edwards was prejudiced under a Binger 
analysis: 
COURT: [W]hen you took Mr. Edwards' deposition in December 
[sic-November] of 2017, he was not provided with these documents 
to be able to discuss them, to be able to review them, even if it was 
at his deposition you said, look, here's public records that you 
probably are not totally aware of, you may be, you may not be, but 
here they are. Mr. Scarola may have objected, may have requested 
the termination of the deposition to seek a protective order so that 
he, Mr. Edwards, would have the opportunity to properly prepare 
his testimony in relation to these records. Because if I'm gathering 
what I think I'm going to gather by way of your response --- he 
wasn't given these records at his deposition, correct? 
MR. LINK: They weren't, and I never would do that in a deposition, 
Your Honor. Why do I have to show him my cross? What in the 
rule says I have to confront him at deposition with exhibits that I 
want to use at trial? 
*** 
COURT: ... [T]he overarching, the pervasive rule of, we are not 
going to competence trial by ambush. 
MR. LINK: Sir, that's why they're listed on the exhibit list. I don't 
have to ask him during deposition. 
*** 
COURT: My respectful point is that in order to properly prepare for 
one of the most critical parts of a case, that being the plaintiff's 
deposition, especially where here it's coming almost ten years after 
a given case has been filed, that that party has the opportunity to 
EFTA00808708
--- PAGE 6 ---
prepare themselves with what is going to be confronting them 
relative to the material elements of the case. 
(11/2/18 Hearing Tr., 85:9-87:10.)2
First, as Epstein's counsel argued during the November 2, 2018, hearing, there is absolutely 
no rule that requires that a witness be shown at deposition every exhibit that is going to be used 
for cross during trial. Nevertheless, at the time of Edwards' November 10, 2017, deposition the 
parties had not even filed their final Exhibit Lists (i.e., Epstein filed his Amended Exhibit List on 
November 16, 2017 and Edwards filed his Second Amended Exhibit List on December 7, 2017). 
The Binger rulings made so far by this Court and the striking of exhibits make it clear that 
a detailed appellate record is necessary and that taking shortcuts on preserving that record would 
cause even more prejudice to Epstein. 
EDWARDS COMMITTED THE PRECISE FOUL HE CLAIMS AGAINST EPSTEIN 
In contrast to Epstein's compliance with this Court's Order and sealing of the records, 
Edwards himself has referenced Epstein's statements in public filings: 
D.E. 
Date 
D.E. 1257 
03/06/18 
Document 
Edwards' Response to Epstein's Motion for Court to Declare 
Relevance and Non-Privileged Nature of Documents, etc. 
¶ 5 - "In his Notice of Filing Appendix, Epstein, through counsel, includes privileged materials 
under a section titled 'Edwards' Direct Involvement in Rothstein's Ponzi Scheme.' If nothing 
but consistent, Epstein, through counsel, then sprinkles throughout the Motion for Court to 
Declare Relevance direct accusations and implicit insinuations that, regardless of whether 
Epstein had probable cause to institute or continue his malicious lawsuit against Edwards, it 
turns out that Edwards was secretly involved in the Ponzi scheme after all! For example, Epstein 
claims that the emails are "evidence that shows [Edwards') direct participation with Rothstein 
to avoid the structured settlement statute for an Epstein case" and questions whether these e-
mails "were turned over to the U.S. Attorney." 
D.E. 1318  04/03/18  Edwards' Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order 
(withdrawn) — quoting Epstein's statements: 
2Excerpts of the November 2, 2018, Hearing Transcript are attached as Exhibit A. 
EFTA00808709
--- PAGE 7 ---
D.E. 
I 
Date 
Document 
¶ 12 - "Second, the alleged eight-year-old "confidential" information to which Edwards refers 
is 47 exhibits comprised of a series of communications between Edwards and other attorneys, 
including Scott Rothstein, that eviscerate Edwards' case against Epstein in its entirety . . . 
Moreover, on their face, all of these eight-year-old communications clearly show that Edwards' 
claims of work product simply do not apply. These inculpatory communications cannot 
constitute work-product. They directly relate to issues that Edwards himself has made central to 
this case and their content provides independent grounds to reject work product protection, 
including both the crime fraud exception and potential unprofessional conduct ... the trial court 
refused to evaluate these issues, choosing instead to exclude the communications on the basis 
of what the Court believed was Epstein's untimely request to identify them on his Exhibit List." 
¶ 14 - "Included among those issues to be perfected at the trial court is Edwards' errant claim of 
'privilege' which remains a cloud below preventing the admission of crucial evidence that 
Epstein maintains is dispositive of this case. That evidence must be reviewed in camera by the 
trial court while the appellate issues are under review. Consistent with this Court's interest in 
'fairness' and 'efficient use of the trial court's time and resources,' Epstein will be narrowing 
his request for in camera review down from 27,000 pages to a readily manageable fraction, 47 
exhibits numbering approximately 100 pages." 
¶ 15 - "In fact, Edwards' counterclaim is thoroughly disproved by direct documentary evidence 
of Edwards' own misconduct and credibility that Epstein is currently asking the trial court to 
review for presentation to the jury when this case is tried." 
¶ 17 - "Recent events (appeal and stay) and the discovery of e-mails that totally eviscerate 
Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") claims and shines a light on his true 
motivation have prompted unprofessional behavior from Edwards and his counsel evidenced by 
the unilateral setting of hearings, certificates of conferring that never happened and intentional 
ex parte attendance at a hearing despite knowing of Epstein's counsel's unavailability." 
401 DCA 
04/03/18 
Edwards' Motion to Strike All References to the Alleged Contents 
of Material Which Epstein and His Counsel Unlawfully Possessed -
- quoting Epstein's statement (Denied by the 4th DCA) 
¶ 7 - "In fact, Edwards' counterclaim is thoroughly disproved by direct documentary evidence 
of Edwards' own misconduct and credibility that Epstein is currently asking the trial court to 
review for presentation to the jury when this case is tried." 
Edwards cannot complain about Epstein's "generic" references when he himself has 
publicly disclosed much more! 
EDWARDS' RECOGNITION OF WAIVED NN OItk PRODUCT 
More likely than not, Edwards makes this desperate "striking" attempt to again hide the 
EFTA00808710
--- PAGE 8 ---
truth by claiming Epstein disregarded this Court's rulings and the "sacrosanct nature of a privilege 
assertion" because Edwards knows he is in trouble. Despite his belated claims of sacrosanct 
privilege (which the Court can plainly see does not exist in any one of the e-mails), Edwards clearly 
waived any work-product protection he may have had by — among other compelling reasons -- his 
complete failure to comply with Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.280(b)(6). With Epstein's 
citation in his motion to the Fourth District Court of Appeal's controlling case of General Motors 
Corp v. McGee, 837 So. 2d 1010 (Fla. zPil DCA 2002), Edwards is about to suffer the same fate as 
GM based on his Rule 1.280-noncompliant privilege log and the central issues to Edwards' lawsuit 
that the e-mails implicate. As the trial judge in the GM case, this Court cannot: 
as suggested by Counsel [asserting the privilege], simply forget 
about these documents and continue on with this trial as though they 
don't exist. This Court still adheres to the belief that: "We who labor 
here seek only truth." 
Id. at 1025. 
In fact, McGee establishes the very legal basis why Epstein had to articulate Edwards' 
deliberate attempt to "conceal" the e-mails in a misleading privilege log, falsely assert attorney-
client privilege where none existed between an attorney and client, issue injection given his 
deposition testimony in this lawsuit as recently as November 2017, and the crime-fraud exception 
found in section 90.502, Florida Statutes. In truth, there is nothing violative of this Court's order 
to argue that the e-mails are "case-ending." That is argument, not specific citation to the content 
of the e-mails. 
CONCLUSION 
Edwards' Motion to Strike must be seen for what it is — yet another attempt to divert those 
who labor seeking only truth. Epstein complied with this Court's ruling and Florida law in filing 
a motion for in camera review of 30 e-mails, not once citing or specifically referencing the e-
EFTA00808711
--- PAGE 9 ---
mails' content, but raising "specific legal argument" as required by law. Epstein next followed 
both the spirit and letter of the law in filing under seal his memorandum which quoted and cited 
the specific 30 e-mails which never were protected by attorney-client privilege, have no arguable 
work product cloak given Edwards' actions with waiver and a non-compliant privilege log 
designed to deceive the recipient — Epstein. Edwards' attempt to hide the truth must be denied and 
the e-mails be illuminated by the light of this courtroom. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on November 14, 2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: Is/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Counsel for Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00808712
--- PAGE 10 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Teny 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
Limited Intervenor a -Counsel for 
E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211
Limited Intervenor a -Counsel for n,
 E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808713
--- PAGE 11 ---
EXHIBIT B 
Epstein's References to E-mails in Public Filings 
A. 
Circuit Court Action 
D.E. 
Date 
Document 
D.E. 1264 
03/07/18 
Epstein's Response to Edwards' Motion to Strike Epstein's 
Untimely Supplemental Exhibit List and to Strike All Exhibits and 
Reference to Documents Containing Privileged Materials 
Page 4 — Provided illustra ive samples of e-mails: 
• 
4408-4412 is an 10/17/09 e-mail exchange between Edwards and Cassell. 
• 
4399-4400 is an 10/17/09 e-mail exchange between Edwards and Cassell. 
• 
Multiple e-mails dated 10/23/09 about Edwards' direct participation with Rothstein. 
Pages 6-7 
"The trial of this case should be about uncovering the truth related to Edwards' claim 
against Epstein, which Edwards contends is directly related to the truth of Epstein's claims 
against Rothstein and Edwards, not about hiding relevant evidence." 
Page 9 
"Edwards has asked the Court to strike highly relevant documents Epstein has identified and 
disclosed as trial exhibits because they are detrimental to his case and question his credibility, 
not because they will cause any undue prejudice because of their alleged late disclosure." 
Page 10 
"A. Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler E-mails 
Epstein identified and disclosed a number of emails from the Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Alder 
firm that directly contradict sworn testimony and statements in this case. Specifically, Edwards 
has testified under oath that he had no involvement with Rothstein related to the Epstein cases 
and that he has suffered anxiety every single day since December 7, 2009, when Epstein filed 
his Complaint against him. Edwards, however, was not being truthful. 
D.E. 1309 I 03/29/18 I Epstein's Motion to Address Scheduling and Professionalism 
Intro 
"Recent events (appeal and stay) and the discovery of e-mails that totally eviscerate 
Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") claims and shines a light on his true 
motivation have prompted unprofessional behavior from Edwards and his counsel evidenced 
by the unilateral setting of hearings, certificates of conferring that never happened and 
intentional ex parte attendance at a hearing despite knowing of Epstein's counsel's 
unavailability." [Edwards quotes this passage in his 4/3/18 Circuit Court Motion for 
Sanctions -- withdrawn] 
II 
EFTA00808714
--- PAGE 12 ---
D.E. 
Date 
Document 
D.E. 1319 
04/04/18 
Epstein's Supplement to Motion for Court to Declare Relevance 
and Non-Privilege Nature of Documents 
Page 2 - Preface 
"Now that the appellate court has made this time available to address pending matters, it is up 
to this Court to determine whether Edwards may continue to conceal and withhold from the 
July clearly relevant, case-ending evidence that makes it impossible for Edwards to satisfy 
his heavy burden to establish a cause of action against Epstein for malicious prosecution." 
Page 3 — Introduction 
"These e-mails are not only relevant and material, they eviscerate Edwards' case." 
"Edwards has improperly withheld these undeniably relevant e-mails from valid 
discovery requests." 
"In order ensure that the e-mails would never the light of day, Edwards concealed their 
existence by hiding them within a deceptively worded 1,607 entry, 159-page privilege 
log." 
"Lacking any legal justification for withholding them in the first place, and having concealed 
this misconduct through a deceptively vague and non-compliant privilege log designed to 
ensure that the existence of these documents would never be detected, Edwards is now left 
with no choice but to protest wildly with unfounded allegations of "stolen" e-mails hoping that 
this will distract this Court from its duty to conduct an examination of the documents Edwards 
has so improperly withheld and concealed." 
Page 7 
"Although Edwards did, in fact, produce documents as 'attorneys' eyes only' in February 
2011, it has now come to light that Edwards only produced select items, and specifically 
withheld inculpatory e-mails pertaining to his closed cases against Epstein, despite Edwards' 
agreement not to withhold work product pertaining to the closed cases." 
Pages 10-11 
"While the e-mails remained concealed through Edwards' improper device, Edwards 
continued to prosecute his counterclaim against Epstein based on the very issues directly 
refuted by e-mails Edwards concealed from existence. Edwards should not be rewarded for 
such unethical gamesmanship." 
Page 24 
"This Court should not countenance Edwards' concealment of material evidence directly 
relevant to issues he has made central to this case in flagrant disregard for the Florida Rules of 
Civil Procedure, established precedent and the orders of this Court." 
EFTA00808715
--- PAGE 13 ---
D.E. 1330 
04/24/18 
Epstein's Response to Edwards' Motion to be Permitted to Take 
Epstein's Limited Deposition 
Page 2 
"This Court's confirmation that no such privilege exists with respect to those materials will 
eliminate any conceivable reason (no matter how questionable) to seek Epstein's deposition 
and will expose Edwards' current Motion as yet another attempt to hide critical case-ending 
evidence from the jury that vindicate Epstein's actions in filing suit against Edwards." 
D.E. 1346 
06/07/18 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' Motion for 
Sanctions for Violation of Court Order and the Intervenors' Joinder 
Page 5 
"These 47 exhibits go to the very heart of Edwards' disingenuous allegation that there was a 
complete absence of probable cause for Epstein to sue Edwards, and they readily defeat 
Edwards' claim of purported damages! Edwards nevertheless withheld them and 
concealed their existence through the device of a deliberately vague and legally non-
compliant privilege log." 
"these e-mails demonstrate the falsity of Edwards' claim that he was hurt by Epstein's 
lawsuit and that Epstein had no reasonable basis to allege that Edwards was involved in 
Rothstein's Ponzi scheme using the tort claimants' cases" 
Page 6 
"Edwards' moving to prevent Epstein from discussing the exhibits generally is simply another 
transparent attempt by Edwards to hide the truth ... The Fourth District Court of Appeal, 
however, rejected Edwards' argument and refused to strike Epstein's general statements that 
the e-mails are case-ending and defeat Edwards' malicious prosecution claim against 
Epstein." 
Page 8 
"It certainly did not preclude a general reference to their existence. Nor does a reference to 
their devastating impact on Edwards' cause of action reveal the specific information 
contemplated in the documents and violate this blanket order." 
Page 10 
"If the Court's ruling prohibits general statements about the e-mails, including that they are 
"detrimental" or "case-ending" to Edwards' malicious prosecution action, even in court 
filings, then Epstein's counsel would be prevented from advancing any argument for an in 
camera review or other relief with respect to the e-mails in this Court or the appellate court or 
from defending himself in the Bankruptcy Court." 
EFTA00808716
--- PAGE 14 ---
B. 
Fourth DCA 
D.E. 
Date 
Document 
03/14/18 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' Motion for Partial 
Relief from Stay 
Pages 3-4 
"Second, the alleged eight-year-old "confidential" information to which Edwards refers is 47 
exhibits comprised of a series of communications between Edwards and other attorneys, 
including Scott Rothstein, that eviscerate Edwards' case against Epstein in its entirety . . . 
Moreover, on their face, all of these eight-year-old communications clearly show that 
Edwards' claims of work product simply do not apply. These inculpatory communications 
cannot constitute work-product. They directly relate to issues that Edwards himself has made 
central to this case and their content provides independent grounds to reject work product 
protection, including both the crime fraud exception and potential unprofessional conduct . . . 
the trial court refused to evaluate these issues, choosing instead to exclude the communications 
on the basis of what the Court believed was Epstein's untimely request to identify them on his 
Exhibit List." [Edwards quotes this passage in his 4/3/18 Circuit Court Motion for 
Sanctions -- withdrawn 
03/22/18 
Epstein's Motion for Order to Show Cause Why Edwards is Not in 
Violation of This Court's Order Dated March 20, 2018 
Page 8 
"Included among those issues to be perfected at the trial court is Edwards' errant claim of 
'privilege' which remains a cloud below preventing the admission of crucial evidence that 
Epstein maintains is dispositive of this case. That evidence must be reviewed in camera by the 
trial court while the appellate issues are under review. Consistent with this Court's interest in 
'fairness' and 'efficient use of the trial court's time and resources,' Epstein will be narrowing 
his request for in camera review down from 27,000 pages to a readily manageable fraction, 47 
exhibits numbering approximately 100 pages." [Edwards quotes this passage in his 4/3/18 
Circuit Court Motion for Sanctions 
03/26/18 
Epstein's Reply to Edwards' Response to Petition for Writ of 
Certiorari 
Page 1 
"In fact, Edwards' counterclaim is thoroughly disproved by direct documentary evidence of 
Edwards' own misconduct and credibility that Epstein is currently asking the trial court to 
review for presentation to the jury when this case is tried." [Edwards quotes this passage in 
his 4/3/18 Circuit Court Motion for Sanctions] 
The Fourth District Court of Appeal denied Edwards' Motion to Strike these statements 
without even giving Epstein the opportunity to respond and Edwards withdrew his Motion for 
Sanctions filed in the Circuit Court. 
EFTA00808717
--- PAGE 15 ---
C. 
Bankruptcy Court 
D.E. 
6351 
Date 
Document 
04/09/18 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to Farmer Jaffe's Motion for 
Issuance of an Order to Show Cause, etc. 
Page 2 
"The Court should not spend its valuable time and resources on this transparent and frivolous 
attempt to taint Epstein in order to divert attention from the fact that for eight years Edwards 
has flouted legitimate discovery requests by improperly withholding and concealing 
critical case-ending documents that fatally undermine his malicious prosecution 
counterclaim against Epstein in the Florida Circuit Court. The `privilege' assertions that 
Edwards has raised have never been ruled upon and it would be a gross miscarriage of justice 
to allow Edwards to hide behind this Court's November 30, 2010, Order (D.E. 1194) because, 
as Edwards well knows, the documents which Edwards refused to produce to Epstein in 
violation of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure and his duties as an officer of the court, 
directly contradict misrepresentations that Edwards has repeatedly made to the trial 
court and effectively eviscerate his case against Epstein." 
Pages 4-5 
"The e-mails that Link & Rockenbach reviewed were quite clearly not attorney-client 
privileged communications between Edwards and his three tort clients (M., E.W. or Jane 
Doe). Most significantly, numerous e-mails it reviewed were devastating to Edwards' case 
and contradicted both his sworn testimony and statements his counsel made to the court. As 
an officer of the court, Edwards took an oath to "never seek to mislead the judge or jury 
by any artifice or false statement of fact." 
Page 15 
"In other words, any "work product" relating to Edwards' three clients, whose claims were 
settled with Epstein in 2010 should have been produced under the parties' agreement with the 
February 2011 production -- however, it now seems that only select items were produced, 
and any inculpatory work product was specifically withheld." 
EFTA00808718

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808719.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY EDWARDS' MOTION FOR LEAVE TO PROPOUND LIMITED 
REOUESTS FOR ADMISSION 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), responds in opposition to the 
Motion for Leave to Propound Limited Requests for Admission dated December 1, 2017 [D.E. 
1098] filed by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley Edwards ("Edwards"). 
BACKGROUND 
Discovery is over. By Court Order dated July 20, 2017, this Court special set the trial of this 
matter for December 5, 2017. [D.E. 938.] In doing so, the Court ordered that the deadline to 
complete discovery was set for 10 days before trial. Id. at H. That meant, discovery had to be 
completed by November 27, 2017, making written requests due by October 27, 2017. 
Although the Court granted Epstein's request for a continuance of the trial and reset the 
special set trial to March 13, 2018, it did not specifically address the Motion's second part which 
sought an extension of the pretrial deadlines. [D.E. 1035; 1057.] Edwards opposed any pretrial 
deadline extension and affirmatively moved to reconfirm the original pretrial deadlines. [D.E. 
EFTA00808719
--- PAGE 2 ---
1059.] In his Motion, Edwards argued that, "The order resetting the trial did not alter any pretrial 
deadlines including the discovery cutoff date" and Edwards objected "to any effort to expand 
existing deadlines." Id. On November 27, 2017, the Court agreed with Edwards and granted 
Edwards' Motion finding that, "to the extent that wholesale additional discovery will not be 
permitted but individual discovery requests may be allowed on a matter-by-matter basis only if the 
discovery requests are impacted by the Court's ruling on motions currently pending to be heard 
...." [D.E. 1086.][emphasis added]. 
Despite having asked this Court to enforce the discovery cutoff deadlines, on December I, 
2017, Edwards moved for leave to serve Requests for Admissions. Edwards argues that Epstein's 
response to his Request for Judicial Notice of a New York sex offender registry triggered the need 
for the additional discovery in order for Epstein to authenticate the website printout and confirm 
its accuracy. [D.E. 1098.] Specifically, Edwards' proposed Requests for Admission would ask 
Epstein to admit the following: 
a. Admit that the printout of your New York State Sex Offender 
registration page attached to Edwards' Request for Judicial 
Notice Pursuant to Florida Statutes Section 90.202 and 90.203, 
dated November 8, 2017, is authentic. 
b. Admit that the information contained in the printout of your New 
York State Sex Offender registration page attached to Edwards' 
Request for Judicial Notice Pursuant to Florida Statutes Section 
90.202 and 90.203, dated November 8, 2017, is accurate. 
EFTA00808720
--- PAGE 3 ---
ARGUMENT 
Inadmissible and Prejudicial 
First, Epstein objects to any reference to or admissibility of the New York State Sex 
Offender registration information at trial because it is irrelevant and prejudicial. §§ 90.401, 90.403, 
Fla. Stat. The non-admissibility issue is the subject of a separate Motion.' 
Edwards' Motion Fails to Meet Court Requirements to Reopen Discovery and Seeks 
Preferential Treatment 
Second and procedurally, Edwards cannot have it both ways. As the Court made clear in its 
November 27, 2017, Order and at a subsequent hearing resulting in a significantly prejudicial and 
adverse ruling to Epstein, discovery is closed. Specifically, Epstein requested leave to disclose his 
expert witness, Culver (Skip) Smith, Ill, Esq., based on this Court's rulings at extensive pretrial 
hearings held November 29, December 5 and December 7, 2017. On January 17, 2018, at 
Edwards' urging to again enforce the original pretrial deadlines, this Court denied Epstein's 
Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness and referred to the pretrial deadlines with no 
prejudice analysis. [D.E. 1119; 1146.] In urging the Court's denial, Edwards cited this Court's 
requirements regarding reopening discovery: "...but individual discovery requests may be allowed 
on a matter by matter basis only if the discovery requests are impacted by the Court's ruling on 
motions currently pending to be heard ...." [D.E. 1086.][emphasis added]. 
In fact, there can be no dispute that it has been Edwards who has repeatedly opposed any 
extension of pretrial deadlines. Edwards' counsel knew for years of the registration site and had 
previously indicated he wanted it for purposes of identifying Epstein's "assets...through those sex 
offender registration disclosures...." (12/5/17 Tr. 202:11-203:3).2 
Edwards' longstanding 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's Motion in Limine as to Sex Offender Registry 
Information. 
Excerpts of the December 5, 2017, hearing transcript are attached as Exhibit C. 
EFTA00808721
--- PAGE 4 ---
knowledge of the registration site (and potential hearsay obstacles) is not this Court's problem to 
remedy. Edwards had many years to seek these discovery requests/admissions and his current trial 
evidentiary conundrum was simply not caused by any ruling by this Court on motions pending for 
the November/December pretrial hearings. 
There is simply no justification for Edwards' belated request. Edwards has provided no 
legitimate reason for this Court to extend an expired discovery deadline to permit Edwards to serve 
Requests for Admissions that Edwards easily could have propounded anytime during the preceding 
eight years. This is particularly true, where the Court just recently denied Epstein's well-founded 
request for relief from the discovery deadline based entirely on the eight-year duration of this 
matter. Epstein's well-founded hearsay objection to Edwards' Request for Judicial Notice does 
not warrant extension of the discovery cutoff. Epstein's objection certainly was not caused by any 
ruling of this Court, but rather by the obvious impropriety of seeking to introduce into evidence an 
irrelevant and unduly prejudicial New York State Sex Offender registration information at a 
malicious prosecution trial. 
Epstein's hearsay objection as to admissibility was readily 
foreseeable, and if granted, would not create unknown or unanticipated discovery issues about 
Epstein's assets or net worth, issues that already have been litigated extensively in this case. 
If Epstein was not granted leave to disclose a vital trial expert witness with no prejudice 
cited by Edwards, surely the pretrial discovery cutoffs should apply equally to Edwards' written 
discovery Requests for Admissions. 
Third, the proposed Requests for Admission ask Epstein to authenticate information and 
confirm its accuracy over which Epstein has no control (i.e., New York State records).; 
If the Court grants Edwards' late Request for Admission and requires Epstein to substantively answer, 
Epstein would consistently assert his Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights. Fisher v. United 
States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976); Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 (1951). 
EFTA00808722
--- PAGE 5 ---
Florida Statutes section 90.901 provides: 
Requirement of authentication or identification — Authentication 
or identification of evidence is required as a condition precedent to 
its admissibility. The requirements of this section are satisfied by 
evidence sufficient to support a finding that the matter is question is 
what its proponent claims. 
In order to authenticate the New York Sex Offender website information, Edwards is 
required to (1) call a witness with personal knowledge (§ 90.901, Fla. Stat.); (2) use public records 
to self-authenticate (§ 90.902(4), Fla. Stat.); or (3) assert official publications (§ 90.902(5), Fla. 
Stat.). Edwards' attempt to avoid the Florida Evidence Code by propounding the tardy discovery 
requests should be rejected. 
CONCLUSION 
Epstein respectfully requests that Edwards' Motion be denied. Edwards asked for 
confirmation of the pretrial deadlines and must be held to that request. There was no court ruling 
"on motions currently pending to be heard... [on November 29, December 5 or December 7, 
2017]" which caused the need for Edwards' untimely discovery requests. 
EFTA00808723
--- PAGE 6 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on January 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Angela M. Many (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel Jro DeJendan&Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808724
--- PAGE 7 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiffitoimter-Defendant 
Je 
E stein 
EFTA00808725

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808726.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY EDWARDS' MOTION FOR LEAVE TO PROPOUND LIMITED 
REOUESTS FOR ADMISSION 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), responds in opposition to the 
Motion for Leave to Propound Limited Requests for Admission dated December 1, 2017 [D.E. 
1098] filed by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley Edwards ("Edwards"). 
BACKGROUND 
Discovery is over. By Court Order dated July 20, 2017, this Court special set the trial of 
this matter for December 5, 2017. [D.E. 938.] In doing so, the Court ordered that the deadline to 
complete discovery was set for 10 days before trial. Id. at H. That meant, discovery had to be 
completed by November 27, 2017, making written requests due by October 27, 2017. 
Although the Court granted Epstein's request for a continuance of the trial and reset the 
special set trial to March 13, 2018, it did not specifically address the Motion's second part which 
sought an extension of the pretrial deadlines. [D.E. 1035; 1057.] Edwards opposed any pretrial 
deadline extension and affirmatively moved to reconfirm the original pretrial deadlines. [D.E. 
EFTA00808726
--- PAGE 2 ---
1059.] In his Motion, Edwards argued that, "The order resetting the trial did not alter any 
pretrial deadlines including the discovery cutoff date" and Edwards objected "to any effort to 
expand existing deadlines." Id. On November 27, 2017, the Court agreed with Edwards and 
granted Edwards' Motion finding that, "to the extent that wholesale additional discovery will not 
be permitted but individual discovery requests may be allowed on a matter by matter basis only 
if the discovery requests are impacted by the Court's ruling on motions currently pending to be 
heard ...." [D.E. 1086.][emphasis added]. 
Despite having asked this Court to enforce the discovery cutoff deadlines, on December 
I, 2017, Edwards moved for leave to serve Requests for Admissions. Edwards argues that 
Epstein's response to his Request for Judicial Notice of a New York sex offender registry 
triggered the need for the additional discovery in order for Epstein to authenticate the website 
printout and confirm its accuracy. [D.E. 1098.] Specifically, Edwards' proposed Requests for 
Admission would ask Epstein to admit the following: 
a. Admit that the printout of your New York State Sex Offender 
registration page attached to Edwards' Request for Judicial 
Notice Pursuant to Florida Statutes Section 90.202 and 90.203, 
dated November 8, 2017, is authentic. 
b. Admit that the information contained in the printout of your 
New York State Sex Offender registration page attached to 
Edwards' Request for Judicial Notice Pursuant to Florida 
Statutes Section 90.202 and 90.203, dated November 8, 2017, 
is accurate. 
EFTA00808727
--- PAGE 3 ---
ARGUMENT 
Inadmissible and Prejudicial 
First, Epstein objects to any reference to or admissibility of the New York State Sex 
Offender registration information at trial because it is irrelevant and prejudicial. §§ 90.401, 
90.403, Fla. Stat. The non-admissibility issue is the subject of a separate Motion.' 
Edwards' Motion Fails to Meet Court Requirements to Reopen Discovery and Seeks 
Preferential Treatment 
Second and procedurally, Edwards cannot have it both ways. As the Court made clear in 
its November 27, 2017, Order and at a subsequent hearing resulting in a significantly prejudicial 
and adverse ruling to Epstein, discovery is closed. Specifically, Epstein requested leave to 
disclose his expert witness, Culver (Skip) Smith, III, Esq., based on this Court's rulings at 
extensive pretrial hearings held November 29, December 5 and December 7, 2017. On January 
17, 2018, at Edwards' urging to again enforce the original pretrial deadlines, this Court denied 
Epstein's Motion for Leave to Disclose Expert Witness and referred to the pretrial deadlines with 
no prejudice analysis. [D.E. 1119; 1146.] In urging the Court's denial, Edwards' cited this 
Court's requirements regarding reopening discovery: "...but individual discovery requests may 
be allowed on a matter by matter basis only if the discovery requests are impacted by the Court's 
ruling on motions currently pending to be heard ...." [D.E. 1086.][emphasis added]. 
In fact, there can be no dispute that it has been Edwards who has repeatedly opposed any 
extension of pretrial deadlines. Edwards' counsel knew for years of the registration site and had 
previously indicated he wanted it for purposes of identifying Epstein's "assets...through those 
sex offender registration disclosures...." (12/5/17 Tr. 202:11-203:3).2 Edwards' longstanding 
knowledge of the registration site (and potential hearsay obstacles) is not this Court's problem to 
I Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's Motion in Limine as to Sex Offender Registry Information. 
Excerpts of the December 5, 2017, hearing transcript are attached as Exhibit C. 
EFTA00808728
--- PAGE 4 ---
remedy. Edwards had many years to seek these discovery requests/admissions and his current 
trial evidentiary conundrum was simply nst. caused by any ruling by this Court on motions 
pending for the November/December pretrial hearings. 
Therefore, Edwards' belated request has no support for this Court's discretion to extend 
the deadline for discovery for Edwards only and allow Requests for Admissions that Edwards 
easily could have propounded before the deadline to serve discovery of October 27, 2017. 
Epstein's appropriate hearsay objection to Edwards' Request for Judicial Notice does not warrant 
extension of the discovery cutoff and certainly was not caused by any ruling by this Court. A 
hearsay objection as to admissibility, if granted, did not create an unknown or unforeseen issue 
about Epstein's assets or net worth. 
If Epstein was not granted leave to disclose a vital trial expert witness with no prejudice 
cited by Edwards, surely the pretrial discovery cutoffs should apply equally to Edwards' written 
discovery Requests for Admissions. 
Third, the proposed Requests for Admission ask Epstein to authenticate information and 
confirm its accuracy over which Epstein has no control (i.e., New York State records).; 
Florida Statutes section 90.901 provides: 
Requirement 
of 
authentication 
or 
identification 
-
Authentication or identification of evidence is required as a 
condition precedent to its admissibility. The requirements of this 
section are satisfied by evidence sufficient to support a finding that 
the matter is question is what its proponent claims. 
In order to authenticate the New York Sex Offender website information, Edwards is 
required to (1) call a witness with personal knowledge (§ 90.901, Fla. Stat.); (2) use public 
To the extent that Requests for Admission seeks the truth or "accuracy" of the content of the New York 
State Sex Offender registration page, Epstein], if required to answer, would substantively and consistently 
assert his Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 
(1976); Hoffinan v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 (1951). 
EFTA00808729
--- PAGE 5 ---
records to self-authenticate (§ 90.902(4), Fla. Stat.); or (3) assert official publications (§ 
90.902(5), Fla. Stat.). Edwards' attempt to avoid the Florida Evidence Code by propounding the 
tardy discovery requests should be rejected. 
CONCLUSION 
Epstein respectfully requests that Edwards' Motion be denied. Edwards asked for 
confirmation of the pretrial deadlines and must be held to that request. There was no court ruling 
"on motions currently pending to be heard... [on November 29, December 5 or December 7, 
2017]" which caused the need for Edwards' untimely discovery requests. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on January 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
(561) 727-3600; (561) 727-3601 [fax] 
By: Is/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
BN 
Angela M. Man (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
EFTA00808730
--- PAGE 6 ---
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, •. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley 2 Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jea•ey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00808731

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808732.pdf
----------------------------------------
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
Division of Coastal Zone Management 
Charles Wesley Turnbull Regional Public Library 
4607 Tutu Park Mall 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Telephone: 
Fax: 
March 12, 2019 
VIA U.S. POSTAL and EMAIL: 
Erika Kellerhals, Esq. 
Royal Palms Professional Bldg. 
9053 Estate Thomas—Suite 101 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Re: 
Cease & Desist Order No. C&D-01-19-STT 
Great St. Jim, LLC 
Great St. James, St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 
Dear Attorney Kellerhals: 
This letter is in response to your correspondence of February 13, 2019. Your letter 
outlined your objections to C&D-01-19-STT, and you asserted that the work that was being 
done was properly permitted. You also stated your objections to the manner and means of 
the inspections that have been done on Great St. James. 
I. 
)3ackground 
A. Application No. CZT-28-17L 
Great St. James, LLC ("GSJ") submitted an application with the Department of Planning and 
Natural Resources', ("DPNR") Division of Coastal Zone Management for Minor permit CZT-
28-17L on July 25, 2017. The associated property was Plot-Rem A, Great St. James (GSJ). The 
proposed work was for a residential cottage, swimming pool, terrace, and storage buildings. A 
deficiency letter was sent on August 23, 2017' via email from former CZM Environmental 
Planner, Paul Kalloo to John Woods (who was representing GSJ in the application). The 
I During the meeting held on January 19, 2019, the undersigned erroneously stated that a deficiency letter was sent 
in April of 2018 in response to additional submissions that were made by your client. The deficiency letter was in 
fact sent on August 23, 2017 in response to the deficiencies of the original submittal. No other deficiency letter was 
sent after that time. 
EFTA00808732
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Erika Kellerhals, Esq 
response to the deficiency notice was due in November 21, 2017 (90 days after the deficiency 
letter was sent). In September of 2017 the Virgin Islands was hit by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, 
affecting the functionality of DPNR. Applicant filed a revised application on February 12, 2018 
in response to the August 23, 2017 notice. 
B. Application No. CZT-29-17L 
Great St. James, LLC submitted an application for Minor Permit No. CZT-29-17L on July 25, 
2017. The associated property was Plot-C1, Great St. James. The proposed work was for a 
residential cottage, tennis court, and storage building. Former CZM Environmental Planner , 
Paul Kalloo sent John Woods (who was representing GSJ in the application) a deficiency letter 
on August 24, 20172, via email. The response to the deficiency notice was due in November 22, 
2017 (90 days after the deficiency letter was sent). As previously stated, in September of 2107 
the Virgin Islands was hit by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, affecting the functionality of DPNR. 
On February 12, 2018 a revised application was submitted in response to the August 24, 2017 
notice. 
C. Permit No. CZT-05-17L 
A request to modify Permit No. CZT-05-17L was submitted on January 12, 2017, and, Permit 
No. CZT-05-17L was issued on October 21, 2016 for work completed on Plot CI Great St. 
James. The permit was issued for limited brush and debris removal, and installation of a flag 
pole. The modification attempted to include Plots A-1, A-2, B-1-2, and Cl Remainder to the 
permit. The modification proposed additional work for bush and debris removal, island wide 
"driveway stabilization", two 80 ft. flag poles, a tiki bar, 75 ft. diameter deck, 25 ft. x 75 ft. 
concrete deck, limited landscaping, and 2 access driveways. 
II. 
The Applications were effectively withdrawn for lack of activity and were not 
approved by operation of law. 
Pursuant to V.I.R.R. tit 12 §§ 910-6(e), 910-7(a), once the Department notifies the applicant of 
any deficiencies to its application, the applicant then has 90 days to respond to the deficiency 
notice, failing which, the application is deemed withdrawn3. 
The applications for CZT-28-17L and CZT-29-I 7L were both submitted on July 25, 2017. To 
count 90 days from the dates the deficiency letters were sent out, the responses would have been 
During the meeting held on January 19, 2019, the undersigned erroneously stated that a deficiency letter was sent 
in April of 2018 in response to additional submissions that were made by your client. The deficiency letter was in 
fact sent on August 24, 2017 in response to the deficiencies of the original submittal. No other deficiency letter was 
sent after that time. 
"...All responses must be submitted within 90 days of the Notice of Deficiency, unless a 
request for extension is granted. Failure to provide the requested information may be deemed a 
withdrawal of the application pursuant to Section 910-6(e) of these Rules and Regulations..." 
V.I.R.R. tit 12 § 910-7(a). 
EFTA00808733
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
Erika Kellerhals, Esq 
due by November 21, 2017 and November 22, 2017, respectively. On Feb. 12, 2018, applicant 
submitted revised applications for both projects. This was 83 days after the original 90-day 
period mandated by the rules and regs. 
It is noted that during the pendency of the application DPNR operations were severely impaired 
by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, which delayed application processing. That being the case, the 
Department was not strict with the deadlines and gave leniency to delayed submissions. 
However, in this case the submission was excessively outside of the 90-day period, even with 
allowances made for the storms 
Thus, the applications were deemed withdrawn and were 
effectively "dead" by the time GSJ tried to cure the deficiencies. Since the revisions were not 
submitted in time the clock did not start running for the application to be approved, and it could 
not be approved by operation of law. 
III. 
A permit that is approved 1w operation of law is not automatically issued. 
If the application was indeed approved through operation of law, the proper procedure was not 
followed for the permit to be issued. Pursuant to V.I. Code Ann. tit. 12 § 910(dX4), if an 
application is not acted upon within the requisite time—then it is automatically approved. 
However, although the statute states that the application is approved, it does not state that it is 
issued. As stated in Virgin Islands Conservation Society. Inc. v. V.I. Board of Land Use Appeals, 
V.I. 581, 594 (D.V.I. 2007), "... the CZMA's regulations expressly mandate application 
approval and not permit issuance...". Once approved, even if it is through operation of law—the 
permit must adhere to certain structural and procedural requirements as laid out in 12 V.I.R.R. 
910-10. The provisions include, amount other things: (1) statement of the authorized 
development; (2) the date when the permit becomes effective; (3) statement that the work will 
begin in 12 months. Id. That being the case, if the application is approved--the Department 
would still be required to draft and issue the permit in adherence with the statutory requirements. 
Therefore, it follows that the proper procedure would be for the applicant to request that the 
permit be issued. 
There is nothing in file to show that there was a request that the permit be issued before the 
February 13, 2019 letter. Further, even if the CZM permit was issued (as claimed), GSJ is still 
required to go through the Building Permit process. GSJ has never claimed that a building 
permit was issued for the work that was being done. If it was, please advise. Further, the 
modifications requested for Permit No. CZT-05-17L were also not approved. Given the above, 
Cease &Desist Order No. C&D-01-19-STT is still in effect until the proper CZM and building 
permits are applied for and issued. 
EFTA00808734
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
Erika Kellerhals, Esq 
IV. 
DPNR's authority to conduct searches. 
Finally, in your letter you raised objections to DPNR's inspections of Great St. James, citing 12 
V.I.C. §§ 913(b)(4) and (b)(6). Although permits CZT-28-17L and CZT-29-17L were not 
granted and not in effect, Permit No. CZT-05-I 7L is active. As you stated in your letter under 
V.I.C. § 913(bX4), the Commissioner has the right to enter and inspect parcels where a permit 
has been issued. DPNR had the right to enter the parcel to inspect under the active permit. 
Further, the statute says that the Commissioner has the power to "enter at reasonable times". It 
does not require that any permission must be granted, or any coordination has to be made with 
the owner before the inspection is done. Since this inspection was done on a weekday during 
regular business hours, it can be considered reasonable. Also, it bears mentioning that any 
inspection done was done because of reported or observed activity and were not done arbitrarily. 
We would also like to establish a good working relationship with your client where all his 
development is done in compliance with the laws of the Virgin Islands. We appreciate all your 
cooperation in moving forward with getting the proper permits in place. 
Sincerely, 
Yo nee 
C. Norman,Esq. 
CZM Legal Counsel 
cc: Jean-Pierre L. Oriol, Commissioner Designee 
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq. 
EFTA00808735

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808736.pdf
----------------------------------------
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
Division of Coastal Zone Management 
Charles Wesley Turnbull Regional Public Library 
4607 TuTu Park Mall 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Telephone: 
Fax: 
January 28, 2019 
Christopher Allen Kroblin 
Royal Palms Professional Bldg. 
9053 Estate Thomas - Suite 101 
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 00802 
RE: 
Cease & Desist Order No. C&D-01-19-STT 
Great St. Jim, LLC 
Great St. James, St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 
Dear Attorney Kroblin, 
This letter is in response to your letter of January 18, 2019 regarding the Cease & Desist Notice 
issued to Great St. Jim, LLC on January 14, 2019. In your letter you stated that your client is 
doing work that does not require a permit either due to exigent circumstances or because of the 
nature of the work. However, this assertion fails for the following reasons. First, a party cannot 
unilaterally decide what constitutes an exigent circumstance that exempts the permit 
requirement. Rather, any external activity in the coastal zone must be reported to the 
Department, who will then determine whether a permit is needed. Specifically, the work the 
septic tank system may require a permit under V.I.R.R. § 910-I,I depending on the extent of the 
repairs. 
Further, the Department has put mechanisms in place for emergency repairs to be reported. Per 
Department policy, your client was required to submit a Maintenance Waiver form to alert the 
Department that the repairs were occurring. 
(e) Onsite Sewage Disposal Systems. 
(I) General Requirements 
a. No person shall install any component of an OSDS, either a conventional or alternative system, 
without first obtaining a Coastal Zone Permit. 
V.I.R.R. 3 910.1(c). 
EFTA00808736
--- PAGE 2 ---
Christopher Allen Kroblin 
Page 2 of 2 
You also mentioned that your client is repairing boats on the property. Please be advised that 
boat construction and boat repair arc restricted to zones I-I and W-2. Once again, there is a 
chance that the boat repair work is being done in violation of the zoning laws. At this point, the 
Department has not been informed of the extent and nature of the boat repair work being done—
so there is no certainty that the work follows the statute. 
Finally, the work that you mentioned in your letter is not the work that was being cited in the 
Cease & Desist Notice. When the island was inspected on December 20, 2018, there was 
evidence of new construction that was not restricted to internal renovations as you state in your 
letter. When requested, no permits were produced for the observed construction. 
In the interest of making your client compliant, we invite you to submit a detailed account of the 
work currently being done and the required Maintenance Waiver form. Once submitted, we will 
perform our review. 
Sincerely. 
Vonet a Norman, Esq. 
CZM Legal Counsel 
cc: 
Jean-Pierre L. Oriol, 
Commissioner Designee 
Erika Kellerhals, Esq. 
EFTA00808737

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808738.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY EDWARDS' MOTION IN LIMINE ADDRESSING 
THE ADMISSIBILITY OF EDWARDS' EXHIBIT 132 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), opposes the Motion in Limine 
filed by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards"), regarding the admissibility 
of Edwards' Trial Exhibit #132 (D.E. 1151), and states: 
BACKGROUND 
In support of his malicious prosecution Counterclaim, Edwards plans to introduce into 
evidence Edwards' Exhibit #132, a New York Post article entitled: "Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein: 
I'm a sex offender, not a predator," February 25, 2011. A copy of the New York Post article is 
attached as Exhibit A. 
In the article, Epstein is allegedly quoted as saying: 
I'm not a sexual predator, I'm an offender. It's the difference 
between a murderer and a person who steals a bagel. 
EFTA00808738
--- PAGE 2 ---
The crime that was supposedly committed in Florida is not a crime 
in New York. 
At the December 5, 2017 hearing, Epstein's counsel voiced multiple objections to the 
admissibility of Exhibit #132: 
We raised relevance. We raised probative value substantially 
outweighed by the danger or unfair prejudice, confusion, misleading 
the July, as well as hearsay and authenticity. 
This is a very good example of an inflammatory exhibit by Mr. 
Edwards, and it seeks to try to prove, I guess, that [Epstein] is a bad 
person or bad character evidence under 90.404. This is hearsay and 
it should not be admitted. It would be inflammatory and very 
prejudicial to [Epstein]. 
(12/5/17 Tr. 235:10-22).1
The Court deferred ruling on the admissibility of the exhibit. (12/5/17 Tr. 234:21-24, 
235:5-9). 
INTRODUCTION 
This case is not about Epstein's plea deal nearly a decade ago in an entirely separate 
criminal matter. This is not a case about whether Epstein actually made the statements attributed 
to him. Nor is this a case about Epstein's status as a registered sex offender or the offense giving 
rise to such status, particularly as the sole victim identified in connection with that offense (AD) 
was not and has never been a client of Edwards. Rather, this is a case about the economic windfall 
that Edwards seeks for his alleged "daily anxiety" and "emotional distress" that he began to suffer 
upon Epstein's filing of a Complaint against him in December 2009 -- more than eight years ago 
-- and has continued to suffer unabatedly through today due to his "destroyed reputation." 
Excerpts of the December 5, 2017, hearing transcript are attached as Exhibit B. 
EFTA00808739
--- PAGE 3 ---
Interestingly, in January 2015, Edwards sued Alan Dershowitz (one of Epstein's attorneys) 
for defamation.2 In that Complaint, Edwards alleged: 
Despite having previously been the victim of character assassination 
by the Defendant ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ'S associate and client, 
Jeffrey Epstein, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS enjoys a highly 
favorable national reputation particularly related to his work in 
defending the rights of child victims of sexual abuse. 
(Dershowitz, Complaint,  8, emphasis added.) (Exhibit C.) 
Edwards alleged that Dershowitz made a media assault upon him (and Paul G. Cassel) to 
attack his reputation and character: 
DERSHOWITZ initiated a massive public media assault on the 
reputation and character of BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL 
G. CASSEL accusing them of intentionally lying in their filing, of 
having leveled knowingly false accusations against the Defendant 
DERSHOWITZ, without ever conducting any investigation of the 
creditability of the accusations, and of having acted unethically to 
the extent that their willful misconduct warranted and required 
disbarment. 
(Dershowitz, Complaint, ¶ 17.) (Exhibit C.) 
In April 2016, Edwards, Cassel and Dershowitz resolved their respective claims and 
Edwards and Cassel informed the Court that the filing of their action against Dershowitz was a 
"tactical mistake." (Dershowitz, Notice of Withdrawal of Motion for Partial Summary Judgment.) 
(Exhibit D.) 
In order to maximize his recovery on his claims against Dershowitz, Edwards had to allege 
that his reputation had recovered and that Dershowitz' defaming public statements caused harm to 
Bradley J. Edwards and Paul C. Cassell v. Alan Dershowitz, 17th Judicial Circuit, Broward County 
Case No. CACE-15-000072. 
EFTA00808740
--- PAGE 4 ---
his reputation. Now that Edwards has admitted that suing Dershowitz was a tactical mistake, he 
claims that Epstein is once again the cause of harm to his reputation. 
Epstein has tried to appropriately focus this case on the publicly available information 
about Rothstein, the Ponzi scheme, the use of Edwards' clients' cases against Epstein in the Ponzi 
scheme and the excessive and unorthodox litigation practices engaged in by Edwards while 
holding himself out as a partner of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & Adler. Unfortunately, Edwards has 
been relentless with his attempts to inject irrelevant, highly prejudicial and inflammatory evidence 
into the trial which has no bearing on the malicious prosecution issues, and can only result in unfair 
prejudice to Epstein, confusion of the jury, and unfortunately, a second trial of this case. 
ARGUMENT 
Edwards argues that Exhibit #132 is relevant, not unfairly prejudicial, and not barred by the 
hearsay rule. His main contention is that the article is relevant to the punitive damages claim in 
that it tends to prove Epstein's lack of remorse. Specifically, Edwards says that he believes the 
comments demonstrate a lack of remorse for the underlying crimes and then, in order to attempt 
to make it relevant, says it demonstrates a lack of remorse in attempting to cover up the crimes, 
which Edwards claims is why Epstein filed suit. 
The underlying crime to which Epstein is alleged to have made these statements to the 
press is the procurement crime. That is the only crime that gives rise to the sex offender 
registration. The procurement crime, according to the information, relates exclusively to AD, who 
was not a client of Edwards. The notion that Epstein filed this original civil proceeding to cover 
up the offense makes no sense and has no nexus to Edwards. Furthermore, if there was a lack of 
remorse for the procurement plea relating to AD, that would only, if it is in fact an accurate quote, 
relate to a punitive damage claim by AD. It has absolutely no bearing on whether Epstein has any 
EFTA00808741
--- PAGE 5 ---
remorse or motivation for suing Edwards. Edwards' arguments are all meritless and unfounded, 
and his Motion in Limine should be denied. Epstein requests that this Court sustain the objections 
raised by Epstein in his Objections to Edwards' Trial Exhibits (D.E. 1058; 1120) and at the 
December 5, 2017, hearing, and consider the additional arguments made herein. 
Epstein's Purported Statements Do Not Reflect Lack of Remorse. Rather. They 
Constitute Statements of Fact Reflecting Differences Between Florida and New York 
Law 
First and foremost, Edwards' "lack of remorse" argument is unavailing. Again, in the 
article, Epstein is allegedly quoted as saying: 
I'm not a sexual predator, I'm an offender. It's the difference 
between a murderer and a person who steals a bagel. 
The crime that was supposedly committed in Florida is not a crime 
in New York. 
Even if Epstein made these statements — which Epstein in no way concedes — the 
statements reflect not a lack of remorse, but factual differences that were reported in the most 
sensational manner possible at the time, between New York and Florida law regarding solicitation 
of a minor for prostitution. In Florida, the crime was a felony, while only a misdemeanor offense 
in New York. 
In Florida, when the subject article was written, procuring for prostitution, or causing to be 
prostituted, a person under age 18, was a second-degree felony. § 796.03, Fla. Stat. (2011). In 
New York, solicitation of a prostitute age 16 or older constituted "patronizing a person for 
prostitution in the third degree," a class A misdemeanor. See M. Penal Law §§ 230.02, 230.04. 
For point of reference, other class A misdemeanors in New York include: petty larceny (§ 155.25), 
criminal trespass in the second degree (§ 140.15), and possession of burglar's tools (§ 140.35). 
EFTA00808742
--- PAGE 6 ---
Thus, despite the way it sounds, solicitation of a minor prostitute in New York was the same level 
of offense as petty larceny, such as stealing a bagel, and punishable to the same degree. 
Furthermore, in Florida there are two types of registration — a "sexual predator" (§ 775.21, 
Fla. Stat.) or a "sexual offender" (§§ 943.0435, 944.607 or 985.481, Fla. Stat.). Sexual predators 
in Florida are those who have been convicted of a first-degree felony sex crime or multiple second-
degree felony sex crimes. This simply does not apply to Epstein. Rather, Epstein is a registered 
"sexual offender" as the article provides. 
In short, when taken in context, Epstein's purported statements do not reflect a lack of 
remorse. Rather, even on their face, constitute statements of fact reflecting differences between 
Florida and New York law. 
Still, there are additional arguments which are equally persuasive. They are set forth 
below. 
Exhibit #132 Constitutes Inadmissible Hearsay and Lacks Relevance 
Exhibit #I32 contains inadmissible hearsay to which no exception applies. Hearsay is a 
statement, other than one made by the declarant while testifying at trial or hearing, offered to prove 
the truth of the matter asserted. See § 90.801(1)(c), Fla. Stat. (2017). 
Edwards argues the exhibit is not hearsay because he will not introduce it to prove that 
unlawful sexual conduct with children is the equivalent of stealing a bagel. The "bagel" remark, 
however, would have no context without the preceding statement. Again, the article quotes Epstein 
as saying: 
I'm not a sexual predator, I'm an offender. It's the difference 
between a murderer and a person who steals a bagel. 
The crime that was supposedly committed in Florida is not a crime 
in New York. 
EFTA00808743
--- PAGE 7 ---
As discussed below, in addition to being classic hearsay, any reference to Epstein's criminal sexual 
conduct is irrelevant, unfairly prejudicial, and improper impeachment evidence. 
Knowing the hearsay hurdle, Edwards claims he is not offering the article to prove the truth 
of the matter asserted. This begs what material fact this article tends to prove or disprove. See § 
90.401, Fla. Stat. Edwards claims the article proves Epstein had a lack of remorse for the 
underlying crimes. At most, it shows a lack of remorse for Epstein's plea to procurement of AD, 
but has no relevance to whether Epstein had probable cause to file his Complaint against Edwards. 
Therefore, the above statements purportedly made by Epstein to the New York Post cannot come 
in. 
Alternatively, Edwards argues the statements are admissions of a party opponent and thus 
admissible as an exception to the hearsay rule. (Mot. at ¶ 14). This argument also fails for the 
above reason that the article would not be an admission to a lack of probable cause (element in 
this case), but relates solely to the crimes which are foreclosed and not being litigated in this action. 
Additionally, admission of the article would violate the best evidence rule. See Dollar v. State, 
685 So. 2d 901, 902 (Fla. 5th DCA 1996) (newspaper article containing defendant's statements to 
reporter excluded as hearsay without trial testimony of reporter, because "[t]he defendant was 
denied any opportunity for cross examination"). Just like in Dollar: 
The problem in this case is that the reporter [will] not testify at trial 
as to what [Epstein allegedly] said to [her]. Clearly, this would [be] 
the best evidence of what [Epstein] had said and such live testimony 
would . . . afford[] [Epstein] an opportunity to cross-examine the 
reporter as to the reporter's accuracy and recollection as well as 
other relevant matters. 
Instead, [Edwards] simply [seeks to] 
introduce[] an out of court writing generated by the reporter 
recounting what [Epstein] had told [her]. 
Id. at 902-03 [emphasis added]. This denial of any opportunity for Epstein to cross examine the 
New York Post reporter mandates a ruling that the article is inadmissible. See id. at 903 
EFTA00808744
--- PAGE 8 ---
Furthermore, any argument that the contents of the article are admissible because a 
newspaper is self-authenticating "misses the mark." Dollar, 685 So. 2d at 903. "Authentication 
relates to the genuineness vel non of a document. No one here seriously disputes the fact that the 
article in question was published in a [known] newspaper . . . Authentication, however, does not 
mean that the article is insulated from other rules of evidence governing admissibility." Id. 
(internal citations omitted). 
In short, the newspaper article is inadmissible hearsay to which no exception applies. Thus, 
it cannot come in. 
Exhibit #132 is Irrelevant 
Edwards argues the newspaper article is relevant to the punitive damages claim because it 
"tends to prove that Epstein lacked remorse for the underlying crimes " and that, "even after 
pleading guilty to criminal charges Epstein continues to publicly deny his guilt." (Mot. at ¶ 6) 
(emphasis added). But criminal conduct is not at issue in this civil case! Rather, the purported 
wrongful conduct alleged by Edwards in his Counterclaim is malicious prosecution. If this Court 
concludes that the newspaper article shows a lack of remorse, then to what is the lack of remorse 
directed? Edwards? NO! Epstein is not quoted as saying, "If I had only brought my lawsuit 
against Rothstein and Edwards in New York — I could not have been sued for malicious 
prosecution." Even as spun by the New York Post, the quoted language indicates nothing about 
Epstein's attitude towards Edwards, let alone a lack of remorse for suing him. 
"To be relevant, evidence must tend to prove or disprove a material fact." Thigpen v. 
United Parcel Servs., Inc., 990 So. 2d 639, 646 (Fla. 4th DCA 2008). Epstein's guilty plea from 
nearly a decade ago, or his purported denial of guilt after entering a plea, has no bearing on any of 
the issues for trial as framed by the pleadings in this lawsuit. The pleadings in this lawsuit include: 
EFTA00808745
--- PAGE 9 ---
(1) Epstein's Complaint for damages against Defendant Scott Rothstein and (2) Edwards' 
Counterclaim for malicious prosecution against Epstein. 
Furthermore, the cases cited by Edwards are completely inapposite and do not support his 
position. First, Edwards cites to the dissenting opinion in a tobacco case, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco 
Co. v. Calloway, 201 So. 3d 753, 768 (Fla. 4th DCA 2016) (Taylor, J., dissenting). Not only does 
Edwards cite to the dissenting opinion in Calloway, but the proposition he cites to comes from a 
Texas case. See id. (citing Ellis Cty. State Bank v. Keever, 936 S.W. 2d 683, 688-89 (Tex. App. 
1996) for the proposition that, "whether the defendant showed remorse is a factor in determining 
an appropriate punitive damages award"). Notably, the majority opinion in Calloway favors 
Epstein's position. See id. at 760 (emphasis added) ("Despite plaintiff's assertion to the contrary, 
an argument that the iury should punish a defendant for defending itself at trial or failing to admit 
responsibility is well outside the bounds of proper advocacy."). 
Next, Edwards cites an inapposite asbestos case, Johns-Manville Sales Corp. v. Janssens, 
463 So. 2d 242 (Fla. 1st DCA 1984). Johns-Manville Sales Corp. lists several factors (taken from 
another dissenting opinion;) and then remarks that the "factors appear to be reasonable 
considerations in aggravation or mitigation of punitive damages and, in most respects, are 
consistent with existing Florida decisions on punitive damages." Id. at 248 (emphasis added). 
These factors, which concern manufacturers and marketing misconduct, are clearly inapplicable 
to the case at bar and should not be considered by this Court: 
(1) The amount of the plaintiff's litigation expenses; (2) the 
seriousness of the hazard to the public, (3) the profitability of the 
marketing misconduct (increased by an appropriate multiple); (4) 
the attitude and conduct of the enterprise upon discovery of the 
misconduct; (5) the degree of the manufacturer's awareness of the 
hazard and of its excessiveness; (6) the number and level of 
Wackenhut Corp. v. Canty, 359 So. 2d 430, 445 n.14 (Fla. 1978) (Smith, J. dissenting). 
EFTA00808746
--- PAGE 10 ---
employees involved in causing or covering up the marketing 
misconduct; (7) the duration of both the improper marketing 
behavior and its cover-up; (8) the financial condition of the 
enterprise and the probable effect thereon of a particular judgment; 
and (9) the total punishment the enterprise will probably receive 
from other sources. 
Id. Edwards' attempt to apply these factors to the instant case is nonsensical. 
Exhibit #132 is Unfairly Prejudicial 
Even if the New York Post article were relevant to proving a material fact at trial, any such 
relevance is tenuous at best, and even "[r]elevant evidence is inadmissible if its probative value is 
substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice, confusion of issues, [or] misleading 
the jury." § 90.403, Fla. Stat. (2017). Whatever probative value the article could possibly have is 
substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice to Epstein, as well as the likelihood that 
it would confuse the true issues in this lawsuit and mislead the jury as to the subject of the claims 
being tried. Again, this is not a civil case regarding damages to AD, who was never even a client 
of Edwards. It is a malicious prosecution action brought only by Edwards. Whatever tenuous 
connection Epstein's attitude about an offense against AD in 2005 for which he was convicted and 
served a sentence has to the lawsuit Epstein filed against Edwards in 2009 for Edwards' litigation 
tactics in 2009 is substantially outweighed by the undue prejudice and confusion this would create 
in this action. See State v. Page, 449 So. 2d 813, 816 (Fla. 1984) ("[S]ection 90.403 of the evidence 
code enables the trial court to exclude evidence of prior convictions, even though relevant, if the 
probative value is substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice."). See also Kelley 
v. Mutnich, 481 So. 2d 999, 1001 (Fla. 4th DCA 1986) (generally, "evidence of prior convictions, 
acquittals or arrest is irrelevant in a civil action and thus inadmissible," except where "[the 
defendant] himself had already inserted this subject into the proceedings by testifying that he had 
been found not guilty of the criminal [ ] charges against him and that the case had been dismissed"). 
EFTA00808747
--- PAGE 11 ---
Finally, Edwards contends that Epstein's alleged and unconfirmed comparison of 
procurement of a minor to "stealing a bagel," and Epstein's alleged questioning of the illegality of 
such conduct "evinc[e] a total lack of remorse on the part of Epstein." (Mot. at ¶ 12). Again, 
remorse or alleged lack thereof for any criminal conduct purportedly committed by Epstein against 
AD, a non-Edwards' client, is wholly irrelevant to the claims being tried. 
Exhibit #132 ic Improper Character Evidence 
Additionally, the newspaper article is inadmissible under sections 90.404 and 90.405, 
Florida Statutes, because its only purpose is to disparage Epstein's character. Florida law is clear 
that le]vidence of a person's character or a trait of character is inadmissible to prove action in 
conformity with it on a particular occasion" except under certain limited circumstances not present 
here. § 90.404(1), Fla. Stat. (2017); see also § 90.405(2), Fla. Stat. (2017) ("When character or a 
trait of character of a person is an essential element of a charge. claim, or defense, proof may be 
made of specific instances of that person's conduct.") (emphasis added). Here, Epstein's purported 
statements to the New York Post are irrelevant to the issues at trial and would serve only to portray 
him in a negative light. 
Exhibit #132 Contains Improper Impeachment Evidence 
References to Epstein being a "sexual offender," and to his commission of a sexual "crime" 
are also inadmissible under sections 90.609 and 90.610, Florida Statutes. Such references are 
inadmissible as they are irrelevant to Epstein's truthfulness and go far beyond the bare fact he 
entered a plea agreement.4 See § 90.609, Fla. Stat. (2017) (character evidence used to impeach a 
witness "may refer only to character relating to truthfulness"). 
Even the fact that Epstein entered a plea agreement is irrelevant, as there are often reasons other than 
guilt which prompt an accused person to enter a guilty plea. 
EFTA00808748
--- PAGE 12 ---
While section 90.610 permits a party to impeach a witness by evidence if the witness was 
convicted of a felony or a crime involving dishonesty, Epstein's designation as a sexual offender 
falls outside this narrow category of impeachment evidence by addressing the nature of his crime 
(a sexual offense). Impeachment under section 90.610 is strictly limited to the fact the witness 
was convicted of a felony or crime involving dishonesty, and the number of convictions. Further 
details, including the nature of the crime, are off limits. See Rogers v. State, 964 So. 2d 221, 222-
(Fla. 4th DCA 2007) ("[I]mpeachment by prior convictions is restricted to determining if the 
witness has previously been convicted of a crime, and if so, how many times.") (citation and 
internal quotation marks omitted); Botte v. Pomeroy, 497 So. 2d 1275, 1280 (Fla. 4th DCA 1986) 
("[Q]uestioning is limited to whether the witness has ever been convicted of a felony or a crime 
involving dishonesty. . . . The witness may be required to give the number of convictions, but if 
he answers truthfully, no further questions may be asked. In particular the nature of the crimes 
may not be elicited.") (emphasis added; internal citations omitted); Reeser v. Boats Unlimited, Inc., 
432 So. 2d 1346, 1349 (Fla. 4th DCA 1983) ("Neither statute [including * 90.610] permits the 
elicitation of the nature of the crime because any additional light on his credibility would not 
compensate for the possible prejudicial effect on the minds of the jurors.") (emphasis added). 
CONCLUSION 
For the plethora of reasons set forth in this response, Epstein respectfully requests that 
Edwards' Motion in Limine Addressing the Admissibility of Edwards' Trial Exhibit # 132 be 
denied. 
EFTA00808749
--- PAGE 13 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on February 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
(561) 727-3600; (561) 727-3601 [fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link I 
!Cara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Angela M. Many (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jay Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Reach. FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant1Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808750
--- PAGE 14 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiffitoimter-Defendant 
Je 
E stein 
EFTA00808751

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808752.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY EDWARDS' MOTION IN LIMINE ADDRESSING 
THE ADMISSIBILITY OF EDWARDS' EXHIBIT 132 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), opposes the Motion in Limine 
filed by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards"), regarding the 
admissibility of Edwards' Trial Exhibit #132 (D.E. 1151), and states: 
BACKGROUND 
In support of his malicious prosecution Counterclaim, Edwards plans to introduce into 
evidence Edwards' Exhibit #132, a New York Post article entitled: "Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein: 
I'm a sex offender, not a predator, February 25, 2011." A copy of the New York Post article is 
attached as Exhibit 444.2
In the article, Epstein is allegedly quoted as saying: 
"I'm not a sexual predator, I'm an offender. It's the difference 
between a murderer and a person who steals a bagel.2 
EFTA00808752
--- PAGE 2 ---
The crime that was supposedly committed in Florida is not a 
crime in New York.''—' 
At the December 5, 2017 hearing, Epstein voiced multiple objections to the admissibility 
of Exhibit #132: 
We raised relevance. We raised probative value substantially 
outweighed by the danger or unfair prejudice, confusion, 
misleading the jury, as well as hearsay and authenticity. 
This is a very good example of an inflammatory exhibit by Mr. 
Edwards, and it seeks to try to prove, I guess, that [Epstein] is a 
bad person or bad character evidence under 90.404. This is hearsay 
and it should not be admitted. It would be inflammatory and very 
prejudicial to [Epstein]. 
(12/5/17 Tr. 232:5 235:10-22).1
The Court deferred ruling on the admissibility of the exhibit. (12/5/17 Tr. 234:21-24, 
235:5-9). 
INTRODUCTION 
This case is not about Epstein's plea deal nearly a decade ago in an entirely separate 
criminal matter. This is not a case about whether Epstein actually made the statements attributed 
to him. Rather, this is a case about the economic windfall that Edwards seeks for his alleged 
"daily anxiety" and "emotional distress" that he suffered as a result of Epstein's filing of a 
Complaint against him eight years ago. Interestingly, Alan Dershowitz countersued Edwards for 
making false statements against him, yet that lawsuit does not seem to have caused Edwards any 
anxiety or emotional distress 
Epstein has tried to focus this case on the publicly available information about Rothstein, 
the Ponzi scheme, the use of Edwards' clients' cases against Epstein in the Ponzi scheme and the 
Excerpts of the December 5. 2017. hearing transcript are attached as Exhibit B. 
EFTA00808753
--- PAGE 3 ---
excessive and unorthodox litigation practices engaged in by Edwards while holding himself out 
as a partner of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & Adler. Unfortunately, Edwards has been relentless with 
his attempts to inject irrelevant, highly prejudicial and inflammatory evidence into the trial which 
evidence has no bearing on the issues at bar, and which can only result in unfair prejudice to 
Epstein, confusion of the jury, and unfortunately, a second trial of this case. 
ARGUMENT 
Edwards argues that Exhibit #132 is relevant, not unfairly prejudicial, and not barred by 
the hearsay rule. His main contention is that the article is relevant to the punitive damages claim, 
in that it tends to prove Epstein's lack of remorse. Maybe Edwards believes he is entitled to 
punitive damages for any alleged lack of remorse by Epstein even if totally unrelated to 
Epstein's 2009 lawsuit against Edwards. Edwards' arguments are all meritless and unfounded, 
and his Metotion in ILimine should be denied. Epstein requests that this Court sustain the 
objections raised by Epstein in his Objections to Edwards' Trial Exhibits (D.E. 1058; 1120) and 
at the pretr-ial—heaFing—eited—abeveDecember 5, 2017, hearing, and consider the additional 
arguments made herein. 
Exhibit #132 Constitutes Inadmissible Hearsay 
First and foremost, Exhibit #132 contains inadmissible hearsay to which no exception 
applies. Hearsay is a statement, other than one made by the declarant while testifying at trial or 
hearing, offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted. See § 90.801(1)(c), Fla. Stat. (2017). 
Edwards argues the exhibit is not hearsay because he will not introduce it to prove that 
unlawful sexual conduct with children is the equivalent of stealing a bagel. The "bagel" remark, 
however, would have no context without the preceding statement. Again, the article quotes 
Epstein as saying: 
EFTA00808754
--- PAGE 4 ---
.tI'm not a sexual predator, I'm an offender. It's the difference 
between a murderer and a person who steals a bagel.''—' 
"The crime that was supposedly committed in Florida is not a 
crime in New York. 
As discussed below, infra (pp. 5 9), in addition to being classic hearsay, any reference to 
Epstein's criminal sexual conduct is irrelevant, unfairly prejudicial, and improper impeachment 
evidence. Therefore, the above statements purportedly made by Epstein to the New York Post 
cannot come in. 
Alternatively, Edwards argues the statements are admissions of a party opponent and thus 
admissible as an exception to the hearsay rule. (Mot. at ¶ 14). This argument fails, too. See 
Dollar v. State, 685 So. 2d 901, 902 (Fla. 5th DCA 1996) (newspaper article containing 
defendant's statements to reporter excluded as hearsay without trial testimony of reporter, 
because "[t]he defendant was denied any opportunity for cross examination"). Just like in 
Dollar: 
The problem in this case is that the reporter [will] not testify at trial 
as to what [Epstein allegedly] said to [her]. Clearly, this would 
[be] the best evidence of what [Epstein] had said and such live 
testimony would . . . afford[] [Epstein] an opportunity to cross-
examine the reporter as to the reporter's accuracy and recollection 
as well as other relevant matters. Instead, [Edwards] simply [seeks 
to] introduce[] an out of court writing generated by the reporter 
recounting what [Epstein] had told [her]. 
Id. at 902-03. This denial of any opportunity for Epstein to cross examine the New York Post 
reporter mandates a ruling that the article is inadmissible. See id. at 903. 
Furthermore, any argument that the contents of the article are admissible because a 
newspaper is self-authenticating "misses the mark." Dollar, 685 So. 2d at 903. "Authentication 
relates to the genuineness vel non of a document. No one here seriously disputes the fact that the 
article in question was published in a [known] newspaper . . . Authentication, however, does not 
EFTA00808755
--- PAGE 5 ---
mean that the article is insulated from other rules of evidence governing admissibility." Id. 
(internal citations omitted). 
In short, the newspaper article is inadmissible hearsay to which no exception applies. 
Thus, it cannot come in. 
Epstein's Purported Statements Do Not Reflect Lack of Remorse. Rather, They 
Constitute Statements of Fact Reflecting Differences Between Florida and New York 
Law 
Edwards' "lack of remorse" argument is equally unavailing. Again, in the article, Epstein 
is allegedly quoted as saying: 
"I'm not a sexual predator, I'm an offender. It's the difference 
between a murderer and a person who steals a bagel; 
"The crime that was supposedly committed in Florida is not a 
crime in New 
York.2
Even if Epstein made these statements — which Epstein in no way concedes — the 
statements reflect not a lack of remorse, but factual differences at the time between New York 
and Florida law regarding solicitation of a minor for prostitution. In Florida, the crime was a 
felony, while only a misdemeanor offense in New York. 
In Florida, when the subject article was written, procuring for prostitution, or causing to 
be prostituted, a person under age 18, was a second-degree felony. § 796.03, Fla. Stat. (2011). 
In New York, solicitation of a prostitute age 16 or older constituted "patronizing a person for 
prostitution in the third degree," a class A misdemeanor. See M. Penal Law §§ 230.02, 230.04. 
For point of reference, other class A misdemeanors in New York include: petty larceny (§ 
155.25), criminal trespass in the second degree (§ 140.15), and possession of burglar's tools (§ 
140.35). Thus, despite the way it sounds, solicitation of a minor prostitute in New York was the 
same level of offense as stealing a bagel, and punishable to the same degree. 
EFTA00808756
--- PAGE 6 ---
Furthermore, in Florida there are two types of registration — a "sexual predator" (k 
775.21. Fla. Stat.l or a "sexual offender" (§§ 943.0435, 944.607 or 985.481, Fla. Stat.l. Sexual 
predators in Florida are those who have been convicted of a first-degree felony sex crime or 
multiple second-degree felony sex crimes. This simply does not apply to Epstein. Rather, 
Epstein is a registered "sexual offender" as the article provides. 
In short, when taken in context, Epstein's purported statements do not reflect a lack of 
remorse. Rather, they constitute statements of fact reflecting differences between Florida and 
New York law. 
Still, there are additional arguments which are equally persuasive. They are set forth 
below. 
Exhibit #132 is Irrelevant 
Edwards argues the newspaper article is relevant to the punitive damages claim 
because it "tends to prove that Epstein lacked remorse for the underlying crimes," and that, 
"even after pleading guilty to criminal charges Epstein continues to publicly deny his guilt." 
(Mot. at I 6) (emphasis added). But criminal conduct is not at issue in this civil case! Rather, 
the purported wrongful conduct alleged by Edwards in his Counterclaim is malicious 
prosecution. —If this Court concludes that the newspaper article shows a lack of remorse to what 
is the lack of remorse directed to? Edwards? NO! Epstein is not quoted as saying, "If I had 
only brought my lawsuit against Rothstein and Edwards in New York — I could not have been 
sued for malicious prosecution" then, if admissible at all, potentially could be relevant to show a 
lack of remorse. 
"To be relevant, evidence must tend to prove or disprove a material fact." Thigpen v. 
United Parcel Servs., Inc., 990 So. 2d 639, 646 (Fla. 4th DCA 2008). Epstein's guilty plea from 
EFTA00808757
--- PAGE 7 ---
nearly a decade ago, or his purported denial of guilt after entering a plea has no bearing on any of 
the issues for trial as framed by the pleadings in this lawsuit. The pleadings in this lawsuit 
include: (1) Epstein's Complaint for damages against Defendant Scott Rothstein and (2) 
Edwards' Counterclaim for malicious prosecution against Epstein. 
Furthermore, the cases cited by Edwards are completely inapposite and do not support his 
position. First, Edwards cites to the dissenting opinion in a tobacco case, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco 
Co. v. Calloway, 201 So. 3d 753, 768 (Fla. 4th DCA 2016) (Taylor, J., dissenting). Not only 
does Edwards cite to the dissenting opinion in Calloway, but the proposition he cites to comes 
from a Texas case. See id. (citing Ellis Cty. State Bank v. Keever, 936 S.W. 2d 683, 688-89 
(Tex. App. 1996) for the proposition that, "whether the defendant showed remorse is a factor in 
determining an appropriate punitive damages award"). 
Notably, the majority opinion in 
Calloway favors Epstein's position. See id. at 760 (emphasis added) ("Despite plaintiff's 
assertion to the contrary, an argument that the jury should punish a defendant for defending itself 
at trial or failing to admit responsibility is well outside the bounds of proper advocacy."). 
Next, Edwards cites an inapposite asbestos case, Johns-Manville Sales Corp. v. Janssens, 
463 So. 2d 242 (Fla. 1st DCA 1984). Johns-Manville Sales Corp. lists several factors (taken 
from another dissenting opinion2) and then remarks that the "factors appear to be reasonable 
considerations in aggravation or mitigation of punitive damages and, in most respects, are 
consistent with existing Florida decisions on punitive damages." Id. at 248 (emphasis added). 
These factors, which concern manufacturers and marketing misconduct, are clearly inapplicable 
to the case at bar and should not be considered by this Court: 
(1) The amount of the plaintiff's litigation expenses; (2) the 
seriousness of the hazard to the public, (3) the profitability of the 
Wackenhut Corp. v. Canty, 359 So. 2d 430, 445 n.14 (Fla. 1978) (Smith, J. dissenting). 
EFTA00808758
--- PAGE 8 ---
marketing misconduct (increased by an appropriate multiple); (4) 
the attitude and conduct of the enterprise upon discovery of the 
misconduct; (5) the degree of the manufacturer's awareness of the 
hazard and of its excessiveness; (6) the number and level of 
employees involved in causing or covering up the marketing 
misconduct; (7) the duration of both the improper marketing 
behavior and its cover-up; (8) the financial condition of the 
enterprise and the probable effect thereon of a particular judgment; 
and (9) the total punishment the enterprise will probably receive 
from other sources. 
Id. Edwards' attempt to apply these factors to the instant case is nonsensical. 
Exhibit #132 is Unfairly Prejudicial 
Even if the New York Post article were relevant to proving a material fact at trial, 
"[r]elevant evidence is inadmissible if its probative value is substantially outweighed by the 
danger of unfair prejudice, confusion of issues, [or] misleading the jury." § 90.403, Fla. Stat. 
(2017). Whatever probative value the article could possibly have is substantially outweighed by 
the danger of unfair prejudice to Epstein, as well as the likelihood that it would confuse the true 
issues in this lawsuit and mislead the jury as to the subject of the claims being tried. See State v. 
Page, 449 So. 2d 813, 816 (Fla. 1984) ("[S]ection 90.403 of the evidence code enables the trial 
court to exclude evidence of prior convictions, even though relevant, if the probative value is 
substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice."). See also Kelley v. Mutnich, 481 
So. 2d 999, 1001 (Fla. 4th DCA 1986) (generally, "evidence of prior convictions, acquittals or 
arrest is irrelevant in a civil action and thus inadmissible," except where "[the defendant] himself 
had already inserted this subject into the proceedings by testifying that he had been found not 
guilty of the criminal [ ] charges against him and that the case had been dismissed"). 
Undue delay is also possible, as the introduction of the newspaper article may lead to a 
trial within a trial. See Slocum v. State, 757 So. 2d 1246, 1251 (Fla. 4th DCA 2000) ("To open 
the door to evidence about an unrelated case was to create a trial within a trial; there was a risk 
EFTA00808759
--- PAGE 9 ---
that the trial would be needlessly lengthened and that the additional evidence would obscure the 
discovery of the truth."). 
Finally, Edwards contends that Epstein's alleged and unconfirmed comparison of sexual 
misconduct with children to "stealing a bagel," and Epstein's alleged questioning of the illegality 
of such conduct "evinc[e] a total lack of remorse on the part of Epstein." (Mot. at I 12). Again, 
remorse or alleged lack thereof for any criminal conduct purportedly committed by Epstein is 
wholly irrelevant to the claims being tried. 
Exhibit #132 is Improper Character Evidence 
Additionally, the newspaper article is inadmissible under sections 90.404 and 90.405, 
Florida Statutes, because its only purpose is to disparage Epstein's character. Florida law is clear 
that "[e]vidence of a person's character or a trait of character is inadmissible to prove action in 
conformity with it on a particular occasion" except under certain limited circumstances not 
present here. § 90.404(1), Fla. Stat. (2017); see also § 90.405(2), Fla. Stat. (2017) ("When 
character or a trait of character of a person is an essential element of a charge, claim, or defense, 
proof may be made of specific instances of that person's conduct.") (emphasis added). Here, 
Epstein's purported statements to the New York Post are irrelevant to the issues at trial and would 
serve only to portray him in a negative light. 
Exhibit #132 Contains Improper Impeachment Evidence 
References to Epstein being a "sexual offender," and to his commission of a sexual 
"crime" are also inadmissible under sections 90.609 and 90.610, Florida Statutes. 
Such 
references are inadmissible as they are irrelevant to Epstein's truthfulness and go far beyond the 
EFTA00808760
--- PAGE 10 ---
bare fact he entered a plea agreement? See § 90.609, Fla. Stat. (2017) (character evidence used 
to impeach a witness "may refer only to character relating to truthfulness"). 
While section 90.610 permits a party to impeach a witness by evidence if the witness was 
convicted of a felony or a crime involving dishonesty, Epstein's designation as a sexual offender 
falls outside this narrow category of impeachment evidence by addressing the nature of his crime 
(a sexual offense). Impeachment under section 90.610 is strictly limited to the fact the witness 
was convicted of a felony or crime involving dishonesty, and the number of convictions. Further 
details, including the nature of the crime, are off limits. See Rogers v. State, 964 So. 2d 221, 
222-23 (Fla. 4th DCA 2007) ("[I]mpeachment by prior convictions is restricted to determining if 
the witness has previously been convicted of a crime, and if so, how many times.") (citation and 
internal quotation marks omitted); Botte v. Pomeroy, 497 So. 2d 1275, 1280 (Fla. 4th DCA 1986) 
("[Q]uestioning is limited to whether the witness has ever been convicted of a felony or a crime 
involving dishonesty. . . . The witness may be required to give the number of convictions, but if 
he answers truthfully, no further questions may be asked. In particular, the nature of the crimes 
may not be elicited.") (emphasis added; internal citations omitted); Reeser v. Boats Unlimited, 
Inc., 432 So. 2d 1346, 1349 (Fla. 4th DCA 1983) ("Neither statute (including & 90.6101 permits 
the elicitation of the nature of the crime, because any additional light on his credibility would not 
compensate for the possible prejudicial effect on the minds of the jurors.") (emphasis added). 
CONCLUSION 
For the plethora of reasons set forth in this response, Epstein respectfully requests that 
Edwards' Motion in Limine Addressing the Admissibility of Edwards' Trial Exhibit # 132 be 
denied. 
Even the fact that Epstein entered a plea agreement is irrelevant, as there are often reasons other 
than guilt which prompt an accused person to enter a guilty plea. 
I0 
EFTA00808761
--- PAGE 11 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on January 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: Is/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Angela M. Many (FBN 26680) 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jay Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintfff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808762
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
FFort. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbuiy, Goldberger & Weiss, 
. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00808763

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808764.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
CASE NO. 4D18-0762 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner, 
-VS-
SCOTT 
ROTHSTEIN, 
1384, Dcr/ J. EDWARDS, and 
., and JANE DOE, 
Intervenors. 
Respondents 
RESPONSE TO PETITIONER'S MOTION FOR ORDER TO SHOW 
CAUSE WHY EDWARDS IS NOT IN VIOLATION OF THIS COURT'S 
ORDER DATED MARCH 20, 2018, GRANTING "IN PART" EDWARDS' 
MOTION FOR PARTIAL RELIEF FROM STAY 
Bradley J. Edwards, Respondent, hereby files this Response to Petitioner's 
Motion for Order to Show Cause, etc. 
Edwards did not violate this Court's Order granting partial relief from stay. 
Petitioner's nine-page Motion for Order to Show Cause is an example of abusive 
motion practice with which this Court should not be burdened. 
In his Motion for Partial Relief from Stay, Edwards sought such relief to 
"ensure that this nine-year-old case can be expeditiously tried as soon as the matter 
under review is resolved." (Motion, p.5)(emphasis added). Edwards asked this 
EFTA00808764
--- PAGE 2 ---
Court to "lift the stay of the lower court proceedings with respect to all matters other 
than the empaneling of a jury" (Motion, p.5)(emphasis added). Edwards explained 
that based upon the nature of the error alleged by Epstein, "the only trial court action 
that should be stayed by this Court is the empaneling of a jury and the 
commencement of trial" (Motion, p.4)(emphasis added). 
Consistent with Edwards's request, this Court granted partial relief from the 
stay' as follows: 
.. .The stay of proceedings granted by this Court's March 9, 2018 order 
shall apply only to the trial of the underlying matter. . 
(Emphasis 
added). 
Edwards has logically interpreted this Court's clear and concise order to be 
consistent with his request that the stay be lifted as to all matters other than the 
empaneling of a jury and trial of the case, so the parties can be prepared to 
expeditiously try Edwards's case once appellate review is concluded. 
Edwards's filing of the Notice for Trial after the stay was partially lifted is 
consistent with his request and this Court's order. Filing a Notice for Trial merely 
allows Edwards to reserve a spot on a future trial docket, which could be many 
months from now.2 Edwards has no intention of attempting to start trial in violation 
' Edwards had also asked for expedited consideration of the Motion for Partial Relief 
from Stay, which this Court denied. 
For instance, Edwards filed his original Notice for Trial on May 24, 2017 and the 
case was ultimately set to be tried in December 2017. 
EFTA00808765
--- PAGE 3 ---
of the partial stay (nor would the trial court ever allow that to happen). If the 
underlying case is reached on the trial docket before this Court has lifted the partial 
stay, the case will not be tried and instead will simply be pushed back on the docket. 
Epstein raises several other issues which are not properly before this Court. 
For instance, Epstein claims that the recently filed Notice for Trial does not comport 
with Rule 1.440 and that Edwards improperly changed the style of the case below. 
Neither of those issues are related to any alleged violation of the stay order, nor are 
they within the scope of either petition currently pending before this Court. 
Epstein also gratuitously addresses his and his counsel's unauthorized 
possession' and disclosure of attorney-client and work-product privileged 
documents, and claims he is entitled to have the trial court perform an in-camera 
Epstein's possession of this material is in direct violation of a 2010 Federal 
bankruptcy court order issued by the Honorable Raymond B. Ray entered in the 
proceedings involving the Rothstein Rosenfeldt law firm, which specifically 
directed Epstein and his predecessor counsel, Fowler White, as follows: 
Fowler White will not retain any copies of the documents on the discs 
provided to it, nor shall any images or copies of said documents be 
retained in the memory of Fowler White's copiers. Should it be 
determined that Fowler White or Epstein retained images or copies 
of the subject documents on its computer or otherwise, the Court 
retains jurisdiction to award sanctions in favor of Farmer [Jaffe 
law firm], Brad Edwards or his client. 
(Ex. B, p.2 to Joinder filed March 13, 2018)(emphasis added). Epstein's improper 
possession of those documents in violation of Judge Ray's order is the subject of a 
motion for issuance of an order to show cause filed in the bankruptcy court. 
EFTA00808766
--- PAGE 4 ---
inspection of those documents. That assertion has no logical connection to the stay 
and ignores the federal court order requiring the destruction of those documents. 
Epstein's Motion is therefore meritless and should be denied. 
Epstein's Request for Attorneys' Fees 
Epstein's request for attorneys' fees is as misguided as his motion. He cites 
Manzaro v. D 'Alessandro, 229 So.3d 843 (Fla. 4'h DCA 2017), where this Court 
awarded appellate fees for frivolous appellate filings; however, Epstein's motion 
(which may itself qualify as frivolous) does not accuse Edwards of any frivolous 
appellate filings. 
Epstein's reliance on Ochalek v. Rivera, 232 So.3d 1050, 1052 (Fla. 4th DCA 
2017) is similarly inapposite since, while noting the inherent authority of a court to 
assess attorneys' fees for attorney misconduct, this Court explained: 
This inherent authority is known as the "inequitable conduct doctrine," 
and is reserved for those extreme cases where a party acts in bad 
faith, vexatiously, wantonly, or for oppressive reasons." (Citations 
omitted) 
No such conduct is alleged here, nor could it be. Therefore, Epstein's request for 
attorneys' fees is meritless and should be denied. 
EFTA00808767
--- PAGE 5 ---
We hereby certify that a true copy of the foregoing was furnished by mail to 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele, 205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216, West 
Palm Beach, FL 33401, and to all counsel on the attached service list, by email, on 
March 23, 2018. 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Karen Terry, Esq. 
David J. Vitale, Jr. Esq. 
SEARCY DENNY SCAROLA 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, ■. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
and 
BURLINGTON & ROCICENBACH, ■. 
Courthouse Commons/Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Attorne s for Res ondent Bradley Edwards 
By: 
/s/ Philip M. Burlington 
PHILIP M. BURLINGTON 
Florida Bar No. 
By: 
/s/ Nichole J. Segal 
NICHOLE J. SEGAL 
Florida Bar No. 
/kbt 
EFTA00808768
--- PAGE 6 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Epstein v. Rothstein/Edwards 
Case No. 4D18-0762 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esq. 
Rachel J. Glasser, Esq. 
LINK & ROCICENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. Ste. 301 
West Palm Beach. Florida 33401 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
ATTERBURY GOLDBERGER 
& WEISS, • 
250 Australian Avenue S., Ste. 1400 
West Palm BeachLFL_33401 
Attorney for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Esq. 
LAW OFFICES OF MARC S. NURIK 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Ste. 700 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Attorney for Scott Rothstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
EDWARDS POTT1NGER LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301-3268 
Attorney for Bradley J. Edwards 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
JAY HOWELL & ASSOCIATES 
644 Cesery Blvd. Suite 250 
Jacksonville. FL 32211 
Attorneys for Interveners 
JANE DOE 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
S.J. QUINNEY COLLEGE OF LAW 
AT THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH 
383 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for Interveners 
, and 
JANE DOE 
., M., and 
EFTA00808769

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808770.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
Appellate Case No.: 4D18-0762 
LT Case No: 502009CA0408003C3C3C3CMB AG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner/Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Respondents/Defendants. 
PETITIONER'S RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO RESPONDENT 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' MOTION FOR PARTIAL RELIEF FROM STAY 
Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein (Epstein), pursuant to Florida Rule of Appellate 
Procedure 9.300, responds in opposition to Respondent's, Bradley J. Edwards 
(Edwards), Motion for Partial Relief From Stay filed by Respondent, Bradley J. 
Edwards, on March 12, 2018, and states: 
Introduction 
Epstein opposes any modification of this Court's stay or relinquishment — 
even partial — from the appellate protection and important work this Court is 
undertaking. Edwards has cited no legal or factual record basis warranting the 
unusual request to piecemeal this matter with trial court rulings. This Court will 
not take a day longer than necessary to review and enforce the mandate of Florida 
EFTA00808770
--- PAGE 2 ---
Rule of Civil Procedure 1.440 (petition for writ of mandamus) and determine if the 
severance of the interrelated and dependent actions should continue to one jury 
trial - as stipulated by the parties in the Joint Pretrial Stipulation (petition for writ 
of certiorari). 
In fact, Epstein welcomes remand in due course so that the now sealed 47 
exhibits (that total less than 100 pages) identified on a privilege log as 
communications between Edwards and other attorneys at the Rothstein firm, 
including Rothstein, and between Edwards and Paul Cassel (never any clients) can 
be appropriately and thoughtfully reviewed in camera following a specific request 
by Epstein and analysis of whether work product protection was waived by sharing 
with third parties, by issue injection, or an attorney's misuse of this protection. 
Parrott v. Wilson, 707 F.2d 1262, 1271 (11th Cir. 1983) ("in some circumstances, 
a lawyer's unprofessional conduct may vitiate the work product privilege.") As 
evidenced by the court filings attached', Epstein's counsel even before the hearing 
filed notice of "no-objection" to a temporary sealing, again stipulated during the 
hearing to the sealing of the two docket entries at issue, then fully cooperated with 
the "Agreed Order" over the weekend to be entered Monday morning directing the 
circuit court clerk to seal the two docket entries. The expedited relief sought is 
i Exhibits A, D, and E. 
EFTA00808771
--- PAGE 3 ---
wholly unwarranted and moot given that Epstein has responded to this request to 
relinquish — for no good cause - in less than the ten days allotted by appellate rule. 
This Court should deny Edwards' request for partial relief from stay. 
No Partial Relief from Stay is Warranted 
Edwards makes the inaccurate and baseless leap that the trial court 
"determined that Epstein's possession of those documents was unauthorized." 
(Motion, p.3). This "determination" never happened. Edwards also labels the 
documents at issue as being attorney-client privileged materials — a finding also 
never reached by the trial court below and is defied by the documents themselves 
which a privilege log (factual issues still exist as to whether the privilege log is 
legally sufficient) that now identifies documents as from/to attorneys, not clients. 
Finally, Edwards mischaracterizes the trial court's ruling of sealing the docket 
entries as "remedy[ing] that misconduct" because no such finding was ever made 
nor could it be made. In fact, it was Epstein who — even before the hearing — 
agreed to seal the documents by filing a Notice of No-Objection to Edwards 
Moving to Seal Court Records Until the Court Makes a Determination of How the 
Documents Shall be Treated. (Ex. A). At the hearing, Epstein's counsel again 
stipulated to sealing the two docket entries at issue. (Ex. D, p. XX). Moreover, it 
was Epstein's counsel without being required filed a Notice of Service of Court's 
EFTA00808772
--- PAGE 4 ---
March 8, 2018 Hearing Transcripts and Compliance with Court's Rulings. (Ex. D). 
Finally, when Edwards failed to submit a written Order to the trial judge in order 
for the clerk to seal the two docket entries before this Court granted the emergency 
stay of proceedings, it was Epstein's counsel who worked with opposing counsel 
over the weekend and appear at 8:30am before Judge Hafele in order to enter an 
Agreed Order so the clerk could seal and grant Edwards' request that the 
documents not see the light of day through the press. (Ex. E). 
To be clear, Epstein wants a full in camera review of the "materials" and 
hearing before the trial court to present law on the court's duty to perform the 
review and analyze whether any privilege or protection existed in the first place, or 
was waived. Epstein and his counsel will wait until this Court renders its 
determination of the "at issue" appeal and the "bifurcation" appeal to seek the 
revelation and shine the public light on the truth through the now sealed 47 
exhibits. Until that time, the trial court's oral ruling — pursuant to Epstein's 
stipulation - regarding sealing have been honored by Epstein and his counsel and 
no "partial relief from stay" is warranted. 
No Expedited Consideration is Necessary 
As the only basis for this unusual request, Edwards presents this Court with 
a vague reference to "new information on that subject is being obtained daily, and 
EFTA00808773
--- PAGE 5 ---
there are some current disagreements" requiring relief from the trial court. 
(Motion, p.2). What new information could Edwards possibly be referring to when 
the trial court action is stayed? What disagreements could possibly exist? Edwards 
also carelessly concludes in his appellate filing that the "materials" were 
"improperly obtained by Epstein's counsel." (Motion, p.1). No such judicial 
determination has been made. Perhaps because the materials are so damning to 
Edwards' case against Epstein, Edwards is focused on how the documents were 
obtained rather than what they say! In fact, they say volumes. The trial court 
recognized after getting a "flavor" for some of the documents— "...they are 
detrimental to the position taken by Mr. Edwards and that they are helpful to the 
position taken by Mr. Epstein." (Afternoon, 51:23-52:5). Upon remand, the trial 
court will be expressly asked to perform its obligation to review the 47 exhibits in 
camera. 
When Edwards made an allegation of improper behavior against Link & 
Rockenbach, PA, undersigned counsel immediately and clearly set out in two 
affidavits the (1) chain of custody establishing Link & Rockenbach, PA's proper 
obtaining of the "materials" from Fowler White, Epstein's prior counsel and (2) an 
opinion by ethics expert, Tim Chinaris, who had authored thousands of ethics 
opinions for over a decade for the Florida Bar as Ethics Director, that Mr. Link and 
EFTA00808774
--- PAGE 6 ---
Ms. Rockenbach "acted in an ethically proper manner in this case regarding the 
documents in question" and "acted in an ethically proper manner by bringing the 
documents in question to the court's attention." (Ex. B; Ex. C, paragraphs 29, 31.) 
As outlined above, it was Epstein who acted with alacrity once Edwards 
raised a sniff of potential "privilege" and served a "Notice of No Objection" to 
"Seal Court Records" until the trial judge had an opportunity to determine if, in 
fact, any attorney-client privilege or work product protection existed as to the 47 
exhibits. It was Epstein and his undersigned counsel who, at the outset, redacted 
the names of Edwards' three clients in the court filing despite Edwards' naming 
them on his witness list without protection of their anonymity. It was Epstein and 
his undersigned counsel who expressly stipulated "no objection" at the March 8, 
2018, hearing to allowing the clerk to seal the two docket entries at issue. 
(Afternoon session, 62:20-63:2). Finally, because there was no written order and 
the hearing contained multiple aspects, it was Epstein and his undersigned counsel 
who, though no court ruling required it, filed a Notice of Service of the March 8, 
2018 Hearing Transcript and Compliance with Court's Rulings. (Ex. D). 
Edwards' claim of urgency rings hollow. Notwithstanding, it is Epstein and 
his undersigned counsel who serve this response in less than the ten days allowed 
by appellate rules. Epstein and his counsel want this Court to grant writs of 
EFTA00808775
--- PAGE 7 ---
certiorari and mandamus, order the trial court to follow the mandatory compliance 
with Rule 1.440, and proceed with one jury trial for Epstein's action and Edwards' 
counterclaim. Epstein looks forward to the in camera review he will seek from the 
trial court of the 47 exhibits under temporary seal. A party's right to bring to light 
the truth and obtain justice should always outweigh the urgency to finish a pending 
case. 
Conclusion 
There is no legitimate reason to modify this Court's stay and relinquish 
partial jurisdiction while this Court considers the significant and case-changing 
legal issues. 
WHEREFORE, Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein, respectfully requests that 
Respondent's Motion be denied. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of this request was 
furnished via email this 
day of March, 2018: 
EFTA00808776
--- PAGE 8 ---
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & 
Shipley, 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter- 
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
VIA U.S. MAIL 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00808777
--- PAGE 9 ---
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Rachel Jenn Glasser FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Counsel for Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein 
[tina — exhibits: 
• A. Epstein's Notice of 
Court Records Until
Documents Shall a 
• B. Affidavit of Time 
• C. Affidavit of Tina Campbal 
D. Epstein's Notice of 
and Compliance winglegille
E. Agreed Order Directing the Clerk to Seal Filings 
EFTA00808778

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808779.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
Appellate Case No.: 4D18-0762 
LT Case No: 502009CA0408003C3C3OCMB AG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner/Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Respondents/Defendants. 
PETITIONER'S RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO RESPONDENT 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' MOTION FOR PARTIAL RELIEF FROM STAY 
Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), pursuant to Florida Rule of Appellate 
Procedure 9.300, responds in opposition to the Motion for Partial Relief from Stay 
filed by Respondent, Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards")', on March 12, 2018, and 
states: 
Introduction 
Edwards seeks to impose piecemeal constraints on the reasonable and 
temporary appellate protection conferred by this Court while it undertakes its 
important work in evaluating both the Petition for a Writ of Mandamus and related 
I Epstein will be responding separately to the "Joinder by Victims in Edwards' Motion 
for Partial Relief from Stay with Request for Expedited Consideration" filed on March 
13, 2018, at 5:01 p.m. 
EFTA00808779
--- PAGE 2 ---
Petition for a Writ of Certiorari (Case No. 4D18-0787) filed by Epstein. Edwards 
provides no legal authority and cites to nothing in the factual record that would 
justify his extraordinary request. To the contrary, with the assistance of Epstein's 
counsel, the interests that Edwards claims he seeks to protect have already been 
amply safeguarded. 
Edwards argues that it is necessary for this Court to modify its stay because 
there were additional unresolved pre-trial matters upon which rulings from the trial 
court are required. (Mot. p. 3). However, Edwards fails to identify a single motion 
that if it is not heard until this Court finishes its work that he will suffer prejudice. 
Edwards additionally urges this Court to modify its stay because "there may 
be a need for Edwards or the Intervenors2 
. to seek further relief in the trial court 
to protect their confidential information." (Mot. p. 4). This argument lacks merit 
because the exhibits are temporarily sealed by agreement, court order, and 
compliance by Epstein. 
First, due to Epstein's proactive handling and stipulations, the exhibits 
forming the basis for Edwards' request are fully protected during this Court's stay. 
As evidenced by the documents included in Epstein's Appendix to this Response, 
even before the March 8, 2018, hearing Epstein's counsel filed a notice of "no 
Paul Cassell never submitted an order on his unopposed pro hac vice motion and the 
agreed motion to intervene for limited purposes of temporary sealing the exhibits. 
EFTA00808780
--- PAGE 3 ---
objection" to a temporary sealing (App. A), again verbally stipulated at the March 
8, 2018, hearing (App. D-1, 4:19-5:1; App. D-2, 62:20-63:2), and then fully 
cooperated by helping draft an "Agreed Order" over the weekend to be entered 
Monday morning directing the circuit court clerk to seal the two docket entries at 
issue nunc pro tune (App. E). Without being required to do so, Epstein's counsel 
served a Notice of Service of Court's March 8, 2018 Hearing Transcripts and 
Compliance with Court's Rulings, reflecting the temporary protection of the 
documents. (App. D.) Based on the above record evidence and stipulations, the 
partial and expedited relief from stay Edwards seeks is wholly unwarranted and 
moot. 
Second, the allegedly "confidential" information to which Edwards refers is 
473 exhibits comprising a series of communications between Edwards and other 
attorneys that fatally undermine critical allegations in Edwards' case against 
Epstein. None of the 47 exhibits were identified on Edwards' deficient privilege 
log as communications between attorney and client and, facially, they all 
demonstrate obvious defects in Edwards' claims of work product. Edwards 
inaccurately represents to this Court that the trial court determined that Epstein's 
Edwards identified 49 emails he alleged were privileged from Epstein's Clerk's Trial 
Exhibit List, however, two of those emails were pages within another exhibit and the 
total number of alleged privileged exhibits is 47. 
EFTA00808781
--- PAGE 4 ---
possession of those communications was unauthorized and asserts as a matter of 
fact that those communications were attorney-client privileged or work product 
protected. However, the trial court never made any of these determinations. 
Rather, the trial court refused to evaluate these issues, choosing instead to exclude 
the communications on the basis of what the Court believed was Epstein's 
untimely request to identify them on his Exhibit List. 
We know this Court will not take a day longer than necessary to review and 
enforce the mandate of Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.440 (Petition for Writ of 
Mandamus) and determine if the severance of the interrelated and dependent 
actions should continue to one jury trial - as stipulated by the parties in their Joint 
Pretrial Stipulation (Petition for Writ of Certiorari). Epstein, therefore, opposes 
any modification of this Court's stay or relinquishment — even partial — from the 
appellate protection afforded by it. 
Epstein looks forward to remand, but in due course so that the now sealed 47 
exhibits (that total less than 100 pages) deficiently identified by Edwards on a 
privilege log in February 20114 as communications between Edwards and other 
'In a May 7, 2012, Order a predecessor trial judge, the Honorable David Crow, 
found the privilege log to be insufficient on its face and did not comply with the 
requirements of Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.280(v)(5) and Tigg Ins. Corp. v. Johnson, 799 So. 
2d 339 (Fla. 41}' DCA 2001). Although that Order was vacated without prejudice 
on August 17, 2012, the trial court still required a proper privilege log as 
EFTA00808782
--- PAGE 5 ---
attorneys at the Rothstein firm, including convicted Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein 
(just days before he fled to Morocco), and between Edwards and Paul Cassell, can 
be appropriately and thoughtfully reviewed in camera by the trial court. This 
necessary procedure will occur after Epstein presents a specific request for a 
review and analysis of whether work product protection was ever applicable and, if 
it was, whether it was waived by sharing with third parties, by issue injection or an 
attorney's misapplication of this protection. Parrott v. Wilson, 707 F.2d 1262, 
1271 (1 1 th Cir. 1983) ("in some circumstances, a lawyer's unprofessional conduct 
may vitiate the work product privilege.") This Court should deny Edwards' 
request for partial relief from stay. 
No Partial Relief from Stay is Warranted 
Edwards makes the inaccurate representation that the trial court "determined 
that Epstein's possession of those documents was unauthorized." (Motion, p. 3). 
This "determination" never happened. Edwards also labels the documents at issue 
as being attorney-client privileged materials — a finding also never reached by the 
trial court below and is defied by the documents themselves -- the privilege log 
identifies documents as to from/to attorneys, not clients. In addition, a factual issue 
still exists as to whether the privilege log is legally sufficient. Finally, Edwards 
referenced in the May 7, 2012, Order, but a new privilege log has was never been 
filed. 
EFTA00808783
--- PAGE 6 ---
mischaracterizes the trial court's ruling of sealing the docket entries as 
"remedy[ing] that misconduct" because no such finding was ever made nor could it 
be made. In fact, the trial court specifically found that Epstein's counsel did not 
engage in misconduct when it brought those 47 exhibits to the trial court's 
attention: "So I again want to make clear that 
finding absolutely no fault with 
Mr. Link, Miss Rockenbach, Miss Campbell or anyone else from the Link and 
Rockenbach firm in terms of what they did. . ." (App. D-2, 61:15-18.) 
Indisputably, it was Epstein who — even before the hearing — agreed to seal 
the documents by filing a Notice of No Objection to Edwards Moving to Seal 
Court Records Until the Court Makes a Determination of How the Documents 
Shall be Treated. (App. A.) At the hearing, Epstein's counsel again verbally 
stipulated to sealing the two docket entries at issue. (App. D-1, 4:19-5:1; App. D-
2, 62:20-63:2). Moreover, it was Epstein's counsel, without being required to do 
so, who served a Notice of Service of Court's March 8, 2018 Hearing Transcripts 
and Compliance with Court's Rulings. (App. D.) Finally, because Edwards failed 
to bring a proposed written Order to the trial judge at the March 8, 2018, hearing, 
in order for the clerk to seal the two docket entries before this Court granted the 
emergency stay of proceedings, it was Epstein's counsel who worked with 
opposing counsel over the weekend and appeared at 8:30 
before Judge Hafele 
EFTA00808784
--- PAGE 7 ---
in order to enter an Agreed Order nunc pro tunc so the clerk could seal and grant 
Edwards' request that the documents temporarily not see the light of day. (App. 
E.) 
To be clear, Epstein wants a full in camera review of the "materials" and 
hearing before the trial court to present law on the trial court's duty to perform the 
review and analyze whether any privilege or protection existed in the first place or 
was waived. Epstein and his counsel will wait until this Court renders its 
determination of the "at issue" appeal and the "bifurcation" appeal to seek the 
revelation and shine the public light on the truth located in the now sealed 47 
exhibits. Until that time, the trial court's oral ruling — pursuant to Epstein's 
stipulation - regarding sealing has been honored by Epstein and his counsel and no 
"partial relief from stay" is warranted. 
No Expedited Consideration is Necessary 
As the only basis for this unusual request, Edwards presents this Court with 
a vague reference to "new information on that subject is being obtained daily, and 
there are some current disagreements" requiring relief from the trial court. 
(Motion, p. 2). Edwards has not specified any "disagreement" that cannot wait 
until this case is back before the trial court. Obviously, this Court's determination 
of whether it will let stand the legal gymnastics to sever the case at the eleventh 
EFTA00808785
--- PAGE 8 ---
hour to avoid the mandates of Rule 1.440 is necessary before any additional pre-
trial rulings can be made. Edwards also carelessly concludes in his appellate filing 
that the "materials" were "improperly obtained by Epstein's counsel." (Motion, p. 
1). No such judicial determination has been made. Edwards' singular and almost 
desperate focus on how the documents were obtained seems calculated to divert 
attention from the material facts contained in them and the devastating impact they 
have on Edwards' sole remaining claim against Epstein. In fact, the trial court 
recognized after getting a "flavor" for some of the documents— "...they are 
detrimental to the position taken by Mr. Edwards and that they are helpful to the 
position taken by Mr. Epstein." (App. D-2, 51:23-52:5). Upon remand, the trial 
court will be expressly asked to perform its obligation to review the 47 exhibits in 
camera. 
When Edwards made an allegation of improper behavior against Link & 
Rockenbach, PA, undersigned counsel immediately and clearly set out in two 
affidavits (1) the chain of custody which irrefutably establish that Link & 
Rockenbach, PA properly obtained the "materials" from Fowler White, Epstein's 
prior counsel (App. C) and (2) an opinion by ethics expert, Tim Chinaris, who had 
authored thousands of ethics opinions for over a decade for the Florida Bar as 
Ethics Director, that Mr. Link and Ms. Rockenbach "acted in an ethically proper 
EFTA00808786
--- PAGE 9 ---
manner in this case regarding the documents in question" and "acted in an ethically 
proper manner by bringing the documents in question to the court's attention." 
(App. B, ¶¶ 29, 31.) 
As outlined above, it was Epstein who acted with alacrity once Edwards 
raised a sniff of potential "privilege" and served a "Notice of No Objection" to 
"Seal Court Records" until the trial judge had an opportunity to determine if, in 
fact, any attorney-client privilege or work product protection existed as to the 47 
exhibits. It was Epstein and his undersigned counsel who, at the outset, redacted 
the names of Edwards' three clients in the court filing despite Edwards' naming 
them on his witness list and filing a deposition transcript of one of them without 
protection of their anonymity. It was Epstein and his undersigned counsel who 
expressly stipulated "no objection" at the March 8, 2018, hearing to allowing the 
clerk to temporarily seal the two docket entries at issue. (App. D-1, 4:19-5:1; App. 
D-2, 62:20-63:2). Finally, because there was no written order and the hearing 
contained multiple aspects, it was Epstein and his undersigned counsel who, 
though no court ruling required it, served a Notice of Service of the March 8, 2018 
Hearing Transcript and Compliance with Court's Rulings. (App. D). 
Edwards' claim of urgency rings hollow. Notwithstanding, it is Epstein and 
his undersigned counsel who serve this response in far less than the ten days 
EFTA00808787
--- PAGE 10 ---
allowed by appellate rules. Epstein and his counsel want this Court to grant the 
necessary writs of certiorari and mandamus, order the trial court to follow the 
mandatory compliance with Rule 1.440, and proceed with one jury trial for 
Epstein's action and Edwards' counterclaim. Epstein looks forward to the in 
camera review he will seek from the trial court of the 47 exhibits under temporary 
seal. A party's legal right to shine the light on the truth and obtain justice should 
always outweigh the urgency to finish a pending case. 
Conclusion 
There is no legitimate reason to modify this Court's stay and relinquish 
partial jurisdiction while this Court considers the significant and case-changing 
legal issues. 
WHEREFORE, Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein, respectfully requests that 
Respondent's Motion be denied. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of this request was 
furnished via email this 14th day of March, 2018: 
EFTA00808788
--- PAGE 11 ---
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & 
Shipley, 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff-Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff-Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter- 
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter- 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., #250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Co-Counsel for Intervenors mg, 
I
M
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808789
--- PAGE 12 ---
VIA U.S. MAIL 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
at the University of Utah 
383 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Co-Counsel for IntervenorM, 
and Jane Doe 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
(561) 727-3600; (561) 727-3601 [fax] 
By: /s Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Rachel Jenny Glasser (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Counsel for Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00808790

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808791.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
Appellate Case No.: 4D18-0762 
LT Case No: 502009CA0408003C3C3OCMB AG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner/Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Respondents/Defendants. 
PETITIONER'S RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO RESPONDENT 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' MOTION FOR PARTIAL RELIEF FROM STAY 
Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), pursuant to Florida Rule of Appellate 
Procedure 9.300, responds in opposition to the Motion for Partial Relief from Stay 
filed by Respondent, Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards")', on March 12, 2018, and 
states: 
Introduction and Overview of Arguments 
Edwards seeks to impose piecemeal constraints on the reasonable and 
temporary appellate protection conferred by this Court while it undertakes its 
important work in evaluating both the Petition for a Writ of Mandamus and related 
I Epstein will be responding separately to the "Joinder by Victims in Edwards' Motion 
for Partial Relief from Stay with Request for Expedited Consideration" filed on March 
13, 2018, at 5:01 p.m. 
EFTA00808791
--- PAGE 2 ---
Petition for a Writ of Certiorari (Case No. 4D18-0787) filed by Epstein. Edwards 
provides no legal authority and cites to nothing in the factual record that would 
justify his extraordinary request. To the contrary, with the assistance of Epstein's 
counsel, the interests that Edwards claims he seeks to protect have already been 
amply safeguarded. 
Edwards argues that it is necessary for this Court to modify its stay because 
there were additional unresolved pre-trial matters upon which rulings from the trial 
court are required. (Mot. p. 3). However, Edwards fails to identify a single motion 
that if it is not heard until this Court finishes its work will result in prejudice. 
Edwards additionally urges this Court to modify its stay because "there may 
be a need for Edwards or the Intervenors2 . . . to seek further relief in the trial court 
to protect their confidential information." (Mot. p. 4). This argument lacks merit 
because the exhibits are temporarily sealed by agreed court order. 
First, due to Epstein's proactive handling and stipulations, the exhibits 
forming the basis for Edwards' request are fully protected during this Court's stay. 
As evidenced by the documents included in Epstein's Appendix to this Response, 
even before the March 8, 2018, hearing Epstein's counsel filed a notice of "no 
Paul Cassell never submitted an order to the trial court on his unopposed pro hac vice 
motion and the agreed motion to intervene for limited purposes of temporary sealing 
the exhibits. 
EFTA00808792
--- PAGE 3 ---
objection" to a temporary sealing (App. A), again verbally stipulated at the March 
8, 2018, hearing (App. D-1, 4:19-5:1; App. D-2, 62:20-63:2), and then fully 
cooperated by helping draft an "Agreed Order" over the weekend to be entered 
Monday morning directing the circuit court clerk to seal the two docket entries at 
issue nunc pro tune (App. E). Without being required to do so, Epstein's counsel 
served a Notice of Service of Court's March 8, 2018 Hearing Transcripts and 
Compliance with Court's Rulings, reflecting the temporary protection of the 
documents. (App. D.) Based on the above record evidence and stipulations, the 
partial and expedited relief from stay Edwards seeks is wholly unwarranted and 
moot. 
Second, the alleged eight-year-old "confidential" information to which 
Edwards refers is 473 exhibits comprised of a series of communications between 
Edwards and other attorneys that fatally undermine critical allegations in Edwards' 
case against Epstein. 
None of the 47 exhibits were identified on Edwards' 
deficient privilege log as communications between attorney and client and, 
facially, they all demonstrate obvious defects in Edwards' claims of work product. 
Edwards inaccurately represents to this Court that the trial court determined that 
Edwards identified 49 emails he alleged were privileged from Epstein's Clerk's Trial 
Exhibit List, however, two of those emails were pages within another exhibit and the 
total number of alleged privileged exhibits is 47. 
EFTA00808793
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein's possession of those communications was unauthorized and asserts as a 
matter of fact that those communications were attorney-client privileged or work 
product protected. However, the trial court never made any of these 
determinations. Rather, the trial court refused to evaluate these issues, choosing 
instead to exclude the communications on the basis of what the Court believed was 
Epstein's untimely request to identify them on his Exhibit List. 
Edwards has provided not a single reason why this Court should expedite its 
careful review and enforce the mandate of Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.440 
(Petition for Writ of Mandamus) and determine if the severance of the interrelated 
and dependent actions should continue to one jury trial - as stipulated by the parties 
in their Joint Pretrial Stipulation (Petition for Writ of Certiorari). 
Epstein, 
therefore, opposes any modification of this Court's stay or relinquishment — even 
partial — from the appellate protection afforded by it. 
Epstein looks forward to remand, but in due course so that the now sealed 47 
exhibits (that total less than 100 pages) identified by Edwards on a privilege log in 
February 20114, some of which are communications between Edwards and 
'In a May 7, 2012, Order a predecessor trial judge, the Honorable David Crow, found 
the privilege log to be insufficient on its face and not in compliance with the 
requirements of Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.280(v)(5) and Tigg Ins. Corp. v. Johnson, 799 So. 2d 
339 (Fla. 4'h DCA 2001). Although that Order was vacated without prejudice on 
August 17, 2012, the trial court still required a proper privilege log as referenced in 
EFTA00808794
--- PAGE 5 ---
convicted Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein (just days before he fled to Morocco), 
and communications between Edwards and Paul Cassell, can be appropriately and 
thoughtfully reviewed in camera by the trial court. This necessary procedure will 
occur after Epstein presents a specific request for a review and analysis of whether 
work product protection was ever applicable and, if it was, whether it was waived 
by sharing with third parties, by issue injection or an attorney's misapplication of 
this protection. Parrott v. Wilson, 707 F.2d 1262, 1271 (1 1 th Cir. 1983) ("in some 
circumstances, a lawyer's unprofessional conduct may vitiate the work product 
privilege."). This Court should deny Edwards' request for partial relief from stay. 
No Partial Relief from Stay is Warranted 
Edwards makes the inaccurate representation that the trial court "determined 
that Epstein's possession of those documents was unauthorized." (Mot. p. 3). This 
"determination" never happened. In addition, the "determination" that the 47 
exhibits are attorney-client privileged or work product has never happened either. 
In 2011, Edwards raised relevancy objections, work product and attorney-client 
privilege. Edwards seems to have abandoned his relevancy objection and is now 
focused solely on work product and attorney-client privilege. None of Edwards' 
objections were ever ruled on by the trial court below. Edwards' objections are 
the May 7, 2012, Order, but a new privilege log has never been filed. 
EFTA00808795
--- PAGE 6 ---
defied by the documents themselves. In addition, the privilege log identifies 
documents as to from/to attorneys, not clients. At this time, a factual issue still 
exists as to whether the privilege log is legally sufficient and whether the 
documents were ever protected, and if so, if that protection has been waived. 
Finally, Edwards mischaracterizes the trial court's ruling of sealing the docket 
entries as "remedy[ing] that misconduct" because no such finding was ever made 
nor could it be made. In fact, the trial court specifically found that Epstein's 
counsel did not engage in misconduct when it brought those 47 exhibits to the trial 
court's attention: "So I again want to make clear that I'm finding absolutely no 
fault with Mr. Link, Miss Rockenbach, Miss Campbell or anyone else from the 
Link and Rockenbach firm in terms of what they did. . ." (App. D-2, 61:15-18.) 
Indisputably, it was Epstein who — even before the hearing — agreed to seal 
the documents by filing a Notice of No Objection to Edwards Moving to Seal 
Court Records Until the Court Makes a Determination of How the Documents 
Shall be Treated. (App. A.) At the hearing, Epstein's counsel again verbally 
stipulated to sealing the two docket entries at issue. (App. D-1, 4:19-5:1; App. D-
2, 62:20-63:2). Moreover, it was Epstein's counsel, without being required to do 
so, who served a Notice of Service of Court's March 8, 2018 Hearing Transcripts 
and Compliance with Court's Rulings. (App. D.) Finally, because Edwards failed 
EFTA00808796
--- PAGE 7 ---
to bring a proposed written Order to the trial judge at the March 8, 2018, hearing, 
in order for the clerk to seal the two docket entries before this Court granted the 
emergency stay of proceedings, it was Epstein's counsel who worked with 
opposing counsel over the weekend and appeared at 8:30 a.m. before Judge Hafele 
in order to enter an Agreed Order nunc pro tunc so the clerk could seal the records 
temporarily. (App. E.) 
To be clear, Epstein wants a full in camera review of the "materials" and 
hearing before the trial court to present law on the trial court's duty to perform the 
review and analyze whether any privilege or protection existed in the first place or 
was waived. Epstein and his counsel will wait until this Court renders its 
determination of the "at issue" appeal and the "bifurcation" appeal to seek the 
revelation and shine the public light on the truth located in the now sealed 47 
exhibits. Until that time, the trial court's oral ruling — pursuant to Epstein's 
stipulation - regarding sealing has been honored by Epstein and his counsel and no 
"partial relief from stay" is warranted. 
No Expedited Consideration is Necessary 
As the only basis for this unusual request, Edwards presents this Court with 
a vague reference to "new information on that subject is being obtained daily, and 
there are some current disagreements" requiring relief from the trial court. (Mot. p. 
EFTA00808797
--- PAGE 8 ---
2). Edwards has not specified any "disagreement" that cannot wait until this case 
is back before the trial court. Obviously, this Court's determination of whether it 
will let stand the legal gymnastics to sever the case at the eleventh hour to avoid 
the mandates of Rule 1.440 is necessary before any additional pre-trial rulings can 
be made. 
Edwards also wrongly represents in his appellate filing that the 
"materials" were "improperly obtained by Epstein's counsel." (Mot. p. 1). No such 
judicial determination has been made. Edwards' singular and almost desperate 
focus on how the documents were obtained seems calculated to divert attention 
from the material facts contained in them and the truth that the evidence entirely 
eviscerate Edwards' malicious prosecution claim against Epstein. In fact, the trial 
court recognized after getting a "flavor" for some of the documents— "...they are 
detrimental to the position taken by Mr. Edwards and that they are helpful to the 
position taken by Mr. Epstein." (App. D-2, 51:23-52:5). Upon remand, the trial 
court will be expressly asked to perform its obligation to review the 47 exhibits in 
camera. 
Edwards' false accusation of improper behavior against Link & 
Rockenbach, PA, resulted in undersigned counsel immediately and clearly setting 
out in two affidavits (1) the chain of custody which irrefutably establish that Link 
& Rockenbach, PA properly obtained the "materials" from Fowler White, 
EFTA00808798
--- PAGE 9 ---
Epstein's prior counsel (App. C) and (2) an opinion by ethics expert, Tim 
Chinaris, who had authored thousands of ethics opinions for over a decade for the 
Florida Bar as Ethics Director, that Mr. Link and Ms. Rockenbach "acted in an 
ethically proper manner in this case regarding the documents in question" and 
"acted in an ethically proper manner by bringing the documents in question to the 
court's attention." (App. B, ¶¶ 29, 31.) 
Importantly, it was Epstein who acted with alacrity once Edwards raised a 
potential "privilege" as to the eight-year-old documents. Epstein served a "Notice 
of No Objection" to "Seal Court Records" until the trial judge had an opportunity 
to determine if, in fact, any attorney-client privilege or work product protection 
existed as to the 47 exhibits. It was Epstein and his undersigned counsel who, at 
the outset, redacted the names of Edwards' three clients in the court filing despite 
Edwards' naming them on his witness list and filing a deposition transcript of one 
of them without protection of their anonymity. It was Epstein and his undersigned 
counsel who expressly stipulated "no objection" at the March 8, 2018, hearing to 
allowing the clerk to temporarily seal the two docket entries at issue. (App. D-1, 
4:19-5:1; App. D-2, 62:20-63:2). Finally, because there was no written order and 
the hearing contained multiple aspects, it was Epstein and his undersigned counsel 
who, though no court ruling required it, served a Notice of Service of the March 8, 
EFTA00808799
--- PAGE 10 ---
2018 Hearing Transcript and Compliance with Court's Rulings. (App. D). 
Edwards' claim of urgency rings hollow. Notwithstanding, it is Epstein and 
his undersigned counsel who serve this response in far less than the ten days 
allowed by appellate rules. Epstein and his counsel want this Court to grant the 
necessary writs of certiorari and mandamus, order the trial court to follow the 
mandatory compliance with Rule 1.440, and proceed with one jury trial for 
Epstein's action and Edwards' counterclaim. Epstein looks forward to the in 
camera review he will seek from the trial court of the 47 exhibits under temporary 
seal. A party's legal right to shine the light on the truth and obtain justice should 
always outweigh the urgency to finish a pending case. 
Conclusion 
Edwards has not presented a legitimate reason to modify this Court's stay 
and relinquish partial jurisdiction while this Court considers the significant and 
case-changing legal issues. 
WHEREFORE, Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein, respectfully requests that 
Respondent's Motion be denied. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of this request was 
furnished via email this 14th day of March, 2018: 
EFTA00808800
--- PAGE 11 ---
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & 
Shipley, 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter- 
Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter- 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., #250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Co-Counsel for Intervenors E.W., 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808801
--- PAGE 12 ---
VIA U.S. MAIL 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
at the University of Utah 
383 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Co-Counsel for Intervenors E.W., 
and Jane Doe 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: /s Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Rachel Jenny Glasser (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Counsel for Petitioner, Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00808802

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808803.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-RBR 
CHAPTER 11 
INTERVENORS 
.. AND JANE DOE'S RESPONSE TO EPSTEIN'S MOTION 
TO STRIKE 
Intervenors 
M., and "Jane Doe" (hereinafter "the Victims"), proceeding 
pseudonymously, having previously been allowed to intervene in this action, and having 
participated in the Court's hearing on April 13, 2018, now file this response in opposition to Jeffrey 
Epstein's motion to strike their list of requested relief. Epstein's belated motion to strike is a thinly 
veiled attempt to litigate the merits of what sanctions should be imposed on Epstein (and his 
counsel) even before discovery is provided or Epstein is deposed. It also fails to satisfy the 
requirements for a motion to strike provided in Rule 12(f) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, 
which are applicable in this adversary proceeding. Accordingly, the Court should deny the motion 
to strike and, if necessary, address the issues raised in the motion in due course at the scheduled 
evidentiary hearing at the end of August. 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
While Epstein has labelled his motion as a "motion to strike," it is unclear what rule he 
relies upon. He cites no rule — or, indeed, any legal authority — for the Court to "strike" the Victims' 
pleading. But, for present purposes, it appears that Epstein seeks to have his "motion to strike" act 
as the functional equivalent of a motion to dismiss the Victims' request for sanctions. Accordingly, 
this Court should take all of the Victim's previous allegations to be true, viewing them in the light 
I 
EFTA00808803
--- PAGE 2 ---
most favorable to the Victims with all inferences favorable to Victims. See In re Massa Falida do 
Banco Cruzeiro do Sul S.A., 567 B.R. 212, 219 (Bankr. S.D. Fla. 2017) (citing St. George v. 
Pinellas Cnty., 285 F.3d 1334, 1337 (1 I th Cir. 2002)). Proceeding on that basis, the existing record 
contains the following facts that should be considered in determining the motion. 
Epstein began sexually assaulting ■. 
when she was thirteen years old and continued to 
molest her on more than fifty occasions over three years. DE 6344 at 3. Epstein also sexually 
assaulted ■., beginning when she was fourteen years old and continuing on numerous occasions. 
Id. Another of the minor girls Epstein sexually assaulted was Jane Doe; Epstein began abusing 
her when she was fourteen years old. Id. Thereafter, each of these three girls obtained legal 
counsel, led by Mr. Edwards, to file lawsuits against Epstein for his sexual abuse. Id. And after 
that, as the Court is aware from prior pleadings (see, e.g., id. at 5), Epstein obtained Edwards' 
confidential attorney-client communications, through means yet-to-be-fully explained. Epstein — 
the man who abused the Victims — personally obtained these communications. Id. Epstein 
obtained these communications in direct violation of an order of this Court. Id. 
Following an initial hearing on this matter, this Court entered an Order to Show Cause 
against Epstein, directing him to appear for an evidentiary hearing to show why he should not be 
held in contempt. DE 6366 at 4. This Court set the evidentiary hearing on the issue for August 
and 24, 2018. Id. 
The Victims, Edwards, and the Farmer Jaffe law firm have all been 
attempting to schedule a deposition of Mr. Epstein before the hearing. Those efforts have thus far 
been unsuccessful, as Mr. Epstein has had various conflicts with proposed times. However, it 
appears (as of this writing) that his deposition will finally be taken on August 17, 2018. 
At the Court's initially hearing on this matter on April 13, 2018, the Court directed Victims' 
counsel to file a statement "setting forth your damages and what you're seeking." Trans. at 46. 
EFTA00808804
--- PAGE 3 ---
The Court followed up this in-court direction with a later written order that the Victims "file a 
summary of their damages with the Court." Id. Pursuant to the Court order, on May 14, 2018, the 
Victims filed a list of the relief and damages that they would seek in this case. DE 6384. With 
Epstein's deposition fast approaching, on July 12, 2018 — about two months after the Victims' first 
filed their summary of damages — Epstein's filed a "motion to strike" the Victims' summary. DE 
6393. This Court has set a hearing on Epstein's motion to strike for August 1. 
DISCUSSION 
The Court should deny Epstein's motion to strike because it fails to satisfy the requirements 
for a motion to strike provided by Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(f). Moreover, the Court 
should also deny the motion because it is meritless. 
Epstein's Motion to Strike Is Untimely. 
First, the Court should simply deny Epstein's motion to strike as untimely. While Epstein 
never cites what rule he is proceeding under, the only authority that authorizes a motion to strike 
is found in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Rule 12(f) — entitled appropriately enough 
"Motion to Strike" — is applicable to this adversary bankruptcy proceedings. See Fed. Bankruptcy 
R. 7012(b) ("Rule 12(b)-(i) F.R.Civ.P. applies in adversary proceedings."); see, e.g., In re 
Steffensen, 511 B.R. 149, 157 (Bankr. D. Utah 2014) ("Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(f) [is] made applicable 
in adversary proceedings by Fed. R. Bankr. P. 7012(b)."). In an effort to force motions to strike 
to be filed rapidly, Rule 12(f) specifically sets a 21-day limit after the date of the filing of the 
pleading in question. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(f) (a court may strike scandalous material from a 
pleading "on motion made by party either before responding to the pleading or, if a response is not 
allowed, within 21 days after being served with the pleading"). Here, because this Court's order 
did not allow a response to the Victims' list of damages, any motion to strike would only have 
EFTA00808805
--- PAGE 4 ---
been timely if Epstein filed it within 21 days — not the nearly 60 days later that he acted. Epstein's 
motion is obviously untimely and should be denied on that ground. See, e.g., In re Steffensen, 511 
B.R. 149, 157 (Bankr. D. Utah 2014) (denying motion to strike for being untimely filed outside 
the 21-day limit). 
Epstein's Improperly Seeks to Strike Material from Something that is Not a "Pleading." 
Second, Rule 12(f) does not authorize striking material contained within a statement of 
damages. As has been recognized by another bankruptcy court. "Rule 12(f) applies to `pleadings.' 
. . . `Although some cases have held that Rule 12(f) may be used to strike documents other than 
pleadings, the weight of recent authority is that such an action is not contemplated or permitted by 
the Rules.'" In re Steffensen, 511 B.R. 149, 157 (Bankr. D. Utah 2014) (emphasis and internal 
quotation added) (citing Anusie-Howard v. Todd, 920 F.Supp.2d 623, 627 (Bankr. D. Maryland 
2013) ("A motion is not a pleading" for which a motion to strike is authorized and citing Fed. R. 
Civ. P. 7(a) (listing types of pleadings; statement of damages not among the listed "pleadings")); 
see also BRYAN A. GARNER, GARNER'S DICTIONARY OF LEGAL USAGE 682 (3d ed. 2011) (noting 
that a "pleading" should be "distinguished from `court paper', which is a broader term. Motions, 
briefs, and affidavits are `court papers,' not `pleadings.' Examples of pleadings are complaints, 
petitions, counterclaims, and answers" (internal quotations added)). Accordingly, Epstein's 
motion should be denied because he has provided no authority for striking anything contained 
within the Victims' statement of damages. 
Epstein Improperly Seeks to Strike Material that is Not Scandalous or Othenvise 
Impertinent. 
Third, even if Rule 12(f) applied to allow striking material from a statement of damages, 
the Rule only authorizes striking of material that is "redundant, immaterial. impertinent, or 
scandalous." Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(f). Here, Epstein does not identify with precision any specific 
EFTA00808806
--- PAGE 5 ---
material that is somehow "scandalous" or otherwise subject to being stricken. See In re Steffensen, 
511 B.R. 149, 157 (Banks. D. Utah 2014) (denying motion to strike because "[t]he language of the 
rule contemplates that there will be a particular scandalous matter to be stricken, but that is not 
what the Defendant alleges."). The motion thus fails to satisfy the specificity requirements of Rule 
12(f) and should be denied for that reason as well. 
Epstein's Motion Is, in Any Event, Meritless. 
Fourth, Epstein's motion simply fails on its merits. A motion to strike "is a drastic remedy 
which is disfavored by the courts." Williams v. Delray Auto Mall, Inc., 289 F.R.D. 697, 699 (S.D. 
Fla. 2013) (internal quotation omitted). Epstein fails to show why such a drastic remedy needs to 
be invoked here, particularly where the Victims' counsel has in good faith attempted to comply 
with the Court's instruction to provide a pleading "setting forth [the Victims'] damages and what 
(the Victims)] are seeking." Trans. at 46 (emphasis added). 
Epstein's real complaint appears to be that the Victims will ultimately fail to prove that 
they are entitled the remedies and compensation for the damages that they allege. This Court has 
previously ruled that, if it makes a finding of civil contempt, it "will consider imposing 
`compensatory sanctions for actual damages' incurred." DE 6366 at 4 (citing In re McLean, 794 
F.3d 1313, 1326) (11h Cir. 2015). The Court further explained that these compensatory sanctions 
"may include, but are not limited to, professional fees or, considering the sensitive nature of the 
allegations, damages for emotional distress." DE 6366 at 4 (citing McLean, 719 F.3d at 1325-26). 
In light of the Court's statement, the Victims' provided a list of damages and relief that 
they will be seeking. The Victims believe that they will be able to prevail in showing contempt 
and proving their entitlement to relief. But, at this time the Court need not make any determination 
EFTA00808807
--- PAGE 6 ---
one way or the other. The Court has set an evidentiary hearing on the issue for next month, and 
the Court can hear Epstein's complaints then. 
Moreover, it is hard to follow Epstein's arguments for striking the Victims' statement of a 
"summary" of their damages. For example, the Victims' listed attorneys' fees as something they 
are seeking. This Court's order specifically stated that such fees could be appropriately sought. 
DE 6366 at 4. Epstein claims that the Victims "are responsible for their own attorneys' fees" — 
but that is not a basis for "striking" their request. That may ultimately provide to be an argument 
for denying attorneys' fees. But the time for reaching that conclusion would only be after 
discovery in this case, the evidentiary hearing, and related briefing and argument. 
The Victims have also provided a "summary" that they will each be seeking "remedies and 
sanctions" of $25,000 for each of them. DE 6384 at 2. The Victims explained that these remedies 
will serve as "liquated damage for all the losses they are suffered as a consequence of the release 
of the materials at issue." Id. While Epstein may not like the Victims' approach, it is a carefully-
considered one. Epstein would apparently prefer that the Victims present their claim for emotional 
distress in such a way as to subject themselves to depositions at the hands of his attorneys. The 
reason he would like so an approach is quite clear. In past proceedings with the victims of his 
sexual assaults (including some of the victims who come before this court), Epstein engaged 
attorneys to conduct brutal questioning of the victims so savage that it made local headlines. See 
Jane Musgrave, Victims Seeking Sex Offender's Millions See Painfid Pasts Used Against Them, 
Palm Beach News, Jan. 23, 2010, available at 
painfulpasts-192988.html. In an effort to avoid further traumatizing sex offense victims, the 
Victims are pursuing their damages through what might be called a liquidated damages/per se 
EFTA00808808
--- PAGE 7 ---
losses approach. The concept of such per se damages is well-recognized in the defamation context 
and would seem readily-applicable to the situation at hand in this case. Further discovery from 
Epstein in this case may also help elucidate the extent of these damages. In any event, however, 
as much Epstein may dislike the legal theory, it provides no basis for striking the Victims' listing 
of such damages. The Victims are entitled to present the legal and factaul case for such damages 
at the conclusion of discovery. 
For similar reasons, Epstein is not entitled to take the deposition of victims he repeatedly 
sexually assaulted as minor girls. He cites no rule or authority for such depositions — much less 
any particular need to take their depositions. Epstein briefly claims he does not understand what 
the Victims are seeking. But his claims are belied by an extensive (eleven-page) response, replete 
with detailed legal citations and other arguments against the Victims' position that they are entitled 
to various forms of compensation. No depositions are required to inform Epstein of the Victims' 
claims. 
Moreover, the Eleventh Circuit has instructed that "at most, due process requires only 
`skeletal' protections in civil contempt proceedings." In re McLean, 794 F.3d 1313, 1324 (11th 
Cir. 2015). This Court is certainly providing far more than that through its evidentiary hearing. 
Epstein has no need or right to take his victims' depositions. 
CONCLUSION 
The Court should deny Epstein's motion to strike. 
EFTA00808809
--- PAGE 8 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served 
electronically to all registered users on the CM/ECF system, which includes counsel identified on 
the service list below, on this 20th day of May, 2018. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the undersigned attorney is appearing pro hac vice in this matter 
pursuant to court order dated May 4, 2018. 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 
(above for address/contact purposes only, not to 
imply institutional endorsement) 
By: /s/ Paul G. Cassell 
Paul G. Cassell (Utah Bar No. a 
Pro Hac Vice 
-AND - 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that I am admitted to the Bar of the United State District Court for 
the Southern District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to 
practice in this court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
SHAPIRO LAW 
8551 West Sunrise Boulevard 
Suite 300 
Plantation, Florida 33322 
Telephone: 
By: /s/ Peter E. Shapiro 
Peter E. Shapiro FBN 
Attorneys for Intervenors.., M,  and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808810
--- PAGE 9 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Bradley J. Edwards FLBN 542075 
Brittany N. Henderson FLBN 118247 Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 Phone: (954)-524-2820 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman,.. 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Link &Rockenbach P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Florida Bar No.: 169440 
David P. Vitale, Jr., Esq. 
Florida Bar No.: 11517 
Attorney E-Mails: 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Niall T. McLachlan 
Carlton Fields Jorden Burt, P.A. 
100 S.E. Second Street, Suite 4200 
Miami, FL 33131 
Counsel for Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
EFTA00808811
--- PAGE 10 ---
Isaac M. Marcushamer 
Berger Singerman LLPO 
1450 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1900 
Miami FL 33131 
Counsel for Litigating Trustee 
EFTA00808812

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808813.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
Case No. 50 2009 CA 040800XXXXMBAG 
v. 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, et al., 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
JUDGE: HAFELE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE TO BRADLEY EDWARDS'S MOTION TO 
OC MPEL RESPONSES TO INTERROGATORIES 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), by and through his undersigned 
counsel and pursuant to this Court's ruling in open court on September 15, 2017, hereby files his 
Response to Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley Edwards's ("Edwards") Motion to Compel as 
follows: 
In response to Edwards's "updated" Net Worth Interrogatories, Epstein asserted his Fifth 
Amendment Privilege to some of the Interrogatories, just as he did to Edwards's Initial Net 
Worth Interrogatories with which he was served in 2013. Epstein also answered the direct 
question regarding his net worth by offering to stipulate to a net worth of one hundred million 
dollars. Nevertheless, and notwithstanding that Edwards conceded that this assertion of the 
Fifth Amendment was legally permissible and acceptable at a hearing in 2013' on the exact 
issue, Edwards now claims, without any legal basis in the law, that "the objections are not well-
See Transcript of hearing held before Judge Crow on Monday, September 16, 2013 on this issue, attached 
hereto as "Exhibit A." 
EFTA00808813
--- PAGE 2 ---
taken and should be overruled." See Edwards's Motion to Compel. 
"[N]ot well taken" is not a legal basis upon which this Court can rule. Additionally, 
Edwards provides no law to stand for the proposition that this Court can overrule Epstein's 
assertion of his Fifth Amendment Privilege. However, as Edwards is aware, Epstein asserts his 
Fifth Amendment Privilege to any questions related to his net worth solely because of actions 
taken by Edwards. As stated in his responses to the Interrogatories at issue, Epstein's "concern 
is in part derived from the continued efforts utilized by Edwards in the case of Doe v United 
States ("the CVRA case")." In the CVRA case Edwards, through his clients, is seeking to 
rescind Mr. Epstein's non-prosecution agreement with the United States for the Southern 
District of Florida ("NPA"). In pleadings and sworn deposition testimony in this case, the 
CVRA case, other litigations, and to the press, Edwards has made it known that causing 
criminal prosecution of Mr. Epstein is a primary objective of his pending litigation in the 
CVRA case. Indeed, in this case, even a cursory review of Edwards's witness and exhibit list 
make it readily apparent that he seeking to make this case not about Malicious Prosecution, 
but rather about underlying criminal allegations and civil cases that have settled, that have no 
bearing on Edwards's cause of action. 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Fla. Bar No.: 0176737 
Tonja Haddad, PA 
5315 SE 70, Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
facsimile 
EFTA00808814
--- PAGE 3 ---
SERVICE LIST 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Jack Scarola, Es . 
• 
Searcy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Goldber er, Es . 
• 
Atterbury, Goldberger, & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Ave. South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
East Broward Blvd. 
Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Bradle J. Edwards, E 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Fred Haddad, Es . 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Ton'a Haddad Coleman, Es uire 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad, 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00808815

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808816.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner, 
-VS-
SCOTT 
ROTHSTEIN, 
II
DIZI J. EDWARDS, and 
., 
., and JANE DOE, 
ntervenors,' 
Respondents. 
CASE NO. 4D18-0787 
RESPONSE TO PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI 
SEARCY DENNY SCAROLA 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, E. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
and 
BURLINGTON & ROCICENBACH, 
444 West Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Attorneys for Res ondent Bradley J. Edwards 
' Petitioner did not include 
or Jane Doe in the caption of the Petition, 
however, they have been granted leave to appear in the trial court as Intervenors. 
EFTA00808816
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PAGE 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
iv-v 
STATEMENT OF CASE AND FACTS 
1-14 
Epstein Attempts to Intimidate His Victims by Filing Suit Against One of 3-14 
Them and their Lawyer 
ARGUMENT 
15-29 
EPSTEIN'S PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI 
SHOULD BE DENIED BECAUSE HE HAS NOT 
ESTABLISHED 
THAT 
THE 
TRIAL 
COURT 
DEPARTED 
FROM 
THE 
ESSENTIAL 
REQUIREMENTS OF LAW OR THAT HE WILL 
SUFFER IRREPARABLE HARM IF THE TWO 
CLAIMS ARE NOT TRIED TOGETHER. 
CERTIORARI STANDARDS 
I. EPSTEIN WILL NOT SUFFER IRREPARABLE HARM AS 16-19 
THERE IS NO RISK OF INCONSISTENT VERDICTS. 
II. THE TRIAL COURT DID NOT DEPART FROM THE 20-22 
ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS OF LAW. 
Edwards did not Waive the Right to Have the Claims Bifurcated 
23-26 
Bifurcation is Necessary to Ensure a Fair Proceeding and Will not 26-28 
Waste the Resources of the Parties or Court 
Denial of Bifurcation Will Prejudice Edwards 
28-29 
ii 
EFTA00808817
--- PAGE 3 ---
CONCLUSION 
CERTIFICATE OF TYPE SIZE & STYLE 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
iii 
EFTA00808818
--- PAGE 4 ---
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
CASES 
Alamo Rent-A-Car v. Mancusi, 
632 So.2d 1352 (Fla. 1994) 
Broche v. Cohn, 
987 So.2d 124 (FIa. 4th DCA 2008) 
Combs v. State, 
436 So.2d 93 (Fla. 1983) 
Jane Doe No. I, et al. v. United States, 
749 F.3d 999 (2014) 
Johansen v. Vuocolo, 
125 So.3d 197 (FIa. 4th DCA 2013) 
Martinique Condominiums, Inc. v. Short, 
230 So.3d 1268 (Fla. 5th DCA 2017) 
Microclimate Sales Co., Inc. v. Doherty, 
731 So.2d 856 (FIa. 5th DCA 1999) 
Minty v. Meister Financialgroup, Inc., 
So.3d 926 (Fla. 4th DCA 2012) 
Palm Beach Polo Holdings, Inc. v. Broward Marine, Inc., 
174 So. 3d 1037 (Fla. 4th DCA 2015) 
Roseman v. Town Square Ass'n, Inc., 
810 So.2d 516 (FIa. 4th DCA 2001) 
Trak v. Microwave Corp. v. Medaris Management, Inc., 
236 So.2d 189 (Fla. 4th DCA 1970) 
Turner Construction Co. v. ENF Contractors, Inc., 
939 So.2d 1108 (Fla. 3d DCA 2003) 
Williams v. Oken, 
So.3d 1129 (FIa. 2011) 
iv 
PAGE 
EFTA00808819
--- PAGE 5 ---
RULES 
Florida Rule of Appellate Procedure 9.030(b)(3) 
Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.270(b) 
v 
16, 20 
EFTA00808820
--- PAGE 6 ---
STATEMENT OF THE CASE AND FACTS 
Petitioner Jeffrey Epstein seeks the issuance of a writ of common law 
certiorari arguing that the trial court has departed from the essential requirements of 
the law in granting the severance of conflicting claims against different parties. This 
challenge comes after expressly telling the trial court "it is clearly within this Court's 
discretion to sever this case" (App.19, p.226).2
Epstein claims that this case arises from the "implosion of the Fort Lauderdale 
law firm Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & Adler" (Pet., p.3). This statement is far from true. 
This case arises from billionaire Epstein's efforts to escape responsibility for his 
serial sexual abuse of at least a dozen children as young as 12 years old. 
In 2008, Epstein pled guilty to two state felony charges involving the 
solicitation of prostitution and the procurement of minors to engage in prostitution 
and further agreed to be registered as a sex offender (App.13, p.133). Bradley 
Edwards ("Edwards") is a civil attorney who represented multiple victims of 
Epstein's serial abuse of children (App.13, p.134). Edwards filed three civil actions 
against Epstein in state court alleging sexual assault and battery (App.13, p.134). 
Edwards also filed a federal action on his client's behalf under the Federal Crime 
This is a citation to document 19, page 226, of the Appendix to Petition for Writ of 
Certiorari. 
EFTA00808821
--- PAGE 7 ---
Victim's Rights Act challenging the extraordinary non-prosecution agreement 
Epstein entered into with the federal government. See Jane Doe No. I, et at v. United 
States, 749 F.3d 999 (11th Cir. 2014).3 Edwards has continued a 10 years long pro 
bono effort to prosecute that action in which the only relief sought is to set aside 
Epstein's secretly negotiated plea deal so that Epstein's victims can have a voice in 
the disposition of federal criminal charges against him. Those charges could result 
in Epstein being imprisoned for the rest of his life. Epstein is an Intervenor in that 
action. 
Edwards's representation of Epstein's victims in the civil claims and his pro 
bono challenge to the non-prosecution agreement triggered Epstein's enmity against 
him. This manifested itself in many ways, including Epstein's filing a baseless, but 
high-profile, lawsuit against Edwards. 
Epstein agreed to plead guilty to two state charges and serve 18 months in county 
jail in exchange for immunity from federal prosecution on felony charges arising out 
of the molestation of approximately 40 identified child victims as young as 13 years 
of age (Resp.App.1, pp.5-18). Incredibly, the plea bargain also immunized all of 
Epstein's unnamed co-conspirators for all of their unidentified crimes. Id. Evidence 
implicates multiple high-profile associates of Epstein as beneficiaries of this 
immunity. Id. 
EFTA00808822
--- PAGE 8 ---
Epstein Attempts to Intimidate His Victims by Filing Suit Against One of Them 
and their Lawyer 
On December 7, 2009, while Edwards was pursuing the sexual abuse cases on 
behalf of his clients who had been sexually abused by Epstein, Epstein filed the 
original Complaint here against Edwards, Scott Rothstein ("Rothstein"), and one of 
Edwards's clients, designated as ".." 
(App.1). Nearly a year after Edwards had 
filed the sexual abuse cases against Epstein, he briefly joined the law firm of 
Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & Adler, 
("RRA") (App.1). Approximately six months 
later, Rothstein was charged with (and later pled guilty to), operating a Ponzi scheme 
which involved, inter alia, the assignment of rights to fabricated settlement 
agreements in civil actions (App.1). The gravamen of Epstein's Complaint was that 
Edwards had been Rothstein's principal co-conspirator in the Ponzi scheme and had 
engaged in numerous felonies, including forging federal judges' signatures. Epstein 
further alleged that Rothstein, Edwards, and 
. defrauded him and engaged in 
racketeering and civil theft, as well as abuse of process, by engaging in litigation 
conduct designed to enhance the settlement value of the three sexual abuse claims 
against him (App.1). While reciting in detail the misconduct of Rothstein which had 
become public knowledge, Epstein's Complaint alleged in a conclusory manner that 
Edwards and 
were knowing participants in the criminal racketeering activity 
that supported the Ponzi scheme (App.1). Epstein's Complaint did not deny his own 
extensive criminal culpability, although he falsely alleged the sexual abuse claims 
EFTA00808823
--- PAGE 9 ---
against him were "weak" (App.!, p.23). These are the same three claims that he 
settled for $5.5 million after the disclosure of the Ponzi scheme and after suing 
Edwards for "ginning up" the value of the claims. 
Edwards answered the Complaint, denying its material allegations (App.2). 
Edwards initially included a counterclaim against Epstein alleging abuse of process 
(App.2, pp.53-56). 
Epstein amended his complaint twice (App.6, 7). In the Second Amended 
Complaint, he abandoned virtually all his claims (App.7). He alleged just one claim 
for abuse of process against Edwards (App.7, pp.93-97) and a claim of conspiracy 
to commit abuse of process against Rothstein (App.7, pp.97-98). Although Edwards 
had not been implicated in any way in Rothstein's Ponzi scheme, Epstein continued 
to falsely and maliciously allege that Edwards was a principal co-conspirator in 
Rothstein's criminal activities. In his claim against Rothstein, Epstein alleged that 
Rothstein conspired with Edwards to bring suit against Epstein as part of a plan to 
defraud investors and further the Ponzi scheme (App.7, pp.97-98). Rothstein never 
answered the Amended Complaint nor the Second Amended Complaint, but Epstein 
did not move for a default against him until over six years later, and only six business 
days before trial. 
EFTA00808824
--- PAGE 10 ---
Edwards moved for summary judgment as to Epstein's claim against him 
(Res.App.2, pp.19-42). He argued, in relevant part, that there were no facts to 
support Epstein's claim and that Edwards's conduct in the prosecution of his claims 
against Epstein was protected by the litigation privilege (Res.App.2, pp.19-42). On 
the eve of a hearing on Edwards's meticulously detailed and entirely unopposed 
motion for summary judgment, Epstein dismissed his claims against Edwards 
(App.9, pp.116-17). Thus, his only remaining claim is his conspiracy to commit 
abuse of process claim against Rothstein. 
Edwards then amended his counterclaim, which included a malicious 
prosecution claim against Epstein (App.3). Essentially, that count alleged that 
Epstein had initiated his suit knowing that it had no reasonable factual basis, that 
Epstein intended to and did frustrate all discovery into the basis of his claims against 
Edwards by asserting his Fifth Amendment right to remain silent, that Epstein 
suffered no damage from a Ponzi scheme he knew nothing about, and that Edwards's 
actions in furtherance of his clients' interests were both entirely proper and 
absolutely protected by the litigation privilege (App.3, pp.64-68). The counterclaim 
further alleged that the suit against Edwards was initiated for the sole purpose of 
harming and intimidating Edwards, and interfering with his ability to represent his 
clients in both the ongoing civil actions against Epstein and the pro bono Crime 
Victim's case that posed a serious threat to Epstein's sweetheart immunity deal 
EFTA00808825
--- PAGE 11 ---
(App.3, pp.64-68). Edwards alleged that the lawsuit was a vehicle for Epstein to 
make false statements harmful to Edwards' reputation, professional standing, and 
his ability to effectively represent his clients (App.3, p.68). 
The following is a timeline of subsequent relevant proceedings: 
June 2014-May 
2017 
Trial court proceedings are stayed pending the disposition of 
appellate proceedings that eventually confirm the viability of 
Edwards's claim for malicious prosecution. 
May 24, 2017 
Edwards notices the case for trial (App. 10, p.118). 
July 20, 2017 
The trial court set the case on the trial docket for the period 
beginning December 5, 2017 (App. 11, pp.122-27). Epstein 
did not object and, in fact, participated in all pre-trial 
proceedings. 
On November 1, 2017, with the December trial date rapidly approaching, 
despite being represented by four separate law firms, Epstein obtained 
new/additional counsel, Link & Rockenbach (Res.App.3, pp.43-45). New counsel 
for Epstein almost immediately sought a continuance of the upcoming trial date, 
despite the fact that it had been set for more than five months (Res.App.4, pp.46-
58). On November 14, the trial court granted the motion, based in part on Link & 
Rockenbach's representations that they would seek no further continuances, and the 
trial court reset the case for March 13, 2018 (App.12, pp.128-30). 
EFTA00808826
--- PAGE 12 ---
From November 2017 through early March 2018, the case was litigated 
heavily by Edwards and Epstein. Pre-trial issues, including motions in limine, were 
filed and responded to, jury instructions were drafted, witness and exhibit lists were 
exchanged and updated, and outstanding discovery matters were addressed. 
On December 22, 2017, Edwards and Epstein filed a Joint Pretrial Stipulation 
(Res.App.5, pp.59-303).4 In the Joint Pretrial Stipulation, the parties identified the 
issues of fact to be determined at trial (Res.App.5, pp.61-67). Those included facts 
relevant to the "case against Rothstein" and the "malicious prosecution 
counterclaim" (Res.App.5, pp.68-70). As to Epstein's claim against Rothstein, the 
stipulation provided: 
What, if any damages were sustained by Epstein and proximately 
caused by Rothstein? (Edwards does not agree with this language for 
the reason that the issue as stated fails to tie causation to Rothstein's 
operation of the Pont scheme. It is Edwards's position that failure to 
limit the issue in this way as to Rothstein has the potential of confusing 
the jury in determining whether Epstein had any probable cause to 
claim damages against Edwards arising out of the same 
circumstances.). 
(Res.App.5, p.68). Thus, Edwards recognized in the Joint Pretrial Stipulation that 
there was a possibility of prejudice to Edwards or confusion of the jury resulting 
Epstein included the Joint Pretrial Stipulation in his Appendix to the Petition for 
Writ of Certiorari; however, he did not include the exhibits to the stipulation. 
Edwards has included the Joint Pretrial Stipulation in the Appendix to this Response 
with the exhibits included. 
EFTA00808827
--- PAGE 13 ---
from the cases being tried together. Notably, neither Rothstein nor his counsel signed 
the pretrial stipulation and there is no evidence in the record below that Epstein made 
any attempt to draft the pretrial stipulation with Rothstein. 
The Joint Pretrial Stipulation also included a lengthy list of motions and other 
issues then pending that needed resolution by the trial court before trial (Res.App.5, 
pp.59-60). Many more issues arose after the filing of the Joint Pretrial Stipulation. 
The pretrial stipulation also highlighted serious discrepancies between the parties as 
to the language of the jury instructions and even the issues to be decided by the jury 
on the malicious prosecution claim (Res.App.5, pp.68-70, 73-303). Thus, the pretrial 
stipulation, filed several months before the case was set to be tried, was far from a 
final statement of the matters to be decided by the jury. 
On March 1, 2018, Edwards moved to sever the trials of Edwards's claim 
against Epstein from the trial of Epstein's claim against Rothstein (App.14, pp.145-
50). Edwards noted that while Rothstein has been represented by counsel in this 
action, he had not been actively defending the case (App.14, pp.145-46). Edwards 
explained that Rothstein is currently serving a substantial federal prison sentence 
and has no collectible assets (App.14, p.14.6). Edwards also noted the risk of 
substantial jury confusion if the same fact finders were obliged because of a default 
to accept as true allegations against Rothstein while those same allegations were 
EFTA00808828
--- PAGE 14 ---
vigorously contested by Edwards (App.14, pp.147-48). Also, the witnesses Epstein 
identified to testify in his case against Rothstein had no testimony which could be 
relevant to Epstein's claimed damages (App.14, p.146). Edwards contended that 
Epstein sought to prosecute the claim against Rothstein only so that he could admit 
evidence at the trial (without Rothstein's opposition) which would be inadmissible 
against Edwards, would prejudice Edwards, and would further confuse the jury 
(App.14, pp.146-48). Edwards later supplemented his motion for separate trials and 
notified the court of the previously overlooked fact that Epstein had never obtained 
a default against Rothstein as to the sole remaining claim of the Second Amended 
Complaint (App.15). 
On March 5, 2018, ten months after Edwards noticed the case for trial and 
more than seven months after the trial court first set the case for trial, Epstein claimed 
for the first time that the case was not at issue because he failed to obtain a default 
against Rothstein in the six and half years since he filed the Second Amended 
Complaints (App.16). 
The trial court's ruling as to this issue is the subject of a Petition for Writ of 
Mandamus filed by Epstein on March 8, 2018. See Case No. 4D18-0762, which has 
been consolidated with this case for panel purposes only. The propriety of the trial 
court's decision as to this issue is addressed in Edwards's response to that Petition. 
EFTA00808829
--- PAGE 15 ---
A hearing was held on the motion for separate trials (App.19). The trial court 
engaged in an extensive analysis of the posture of the case and the nature of the 
remaining claims. The court began by inquiring as to whether this action involved a 
counterclaim at all given that Epstein had dismissed his claim against Edwards 
(App.19, p.210). The court noted that while Edwards's claim began as a 
counterclaim, "the only connection that is even arguable, is that, in fact, the Edwards 
case had its genesis in the fact that Epstein originally brought the claims against 
Rothstein, Edwards and ■., and then voluntarily dismissed the case at the eve of 
summary judgment" (App.19, p.211). The court expressed that Edwards's case 
against Epstein and Epstein's damages-only case against Rothstein had "nothing 
shared at this juncture, either technically or legally, other than a case number" 
(App.19, p.212). 
The trial court asked Edwards's counsel to explain the prejudice Edwards 
would suffer if the cases were tried together. Counsel explained that Epstein's claim 
against Rothstein was "virtually identical" to the claim Epstein dismissed against 
Edwards (App.19, p.216). He explained that the jury would be told as to Rothstein 
that all of the factual allegations must be accepted as true, with the only issues to be 
determined involving causation and damages (App.19, p.216). On the other hand, 
Edwards was contesting the same underlying claim brought against him and he 
would be asking the jury to conclude that there had been no basis for Epstein's claims 
EFTA00808830
--- PAGE 16 ---
against him (App.19, pp.216-17). Along those lines, Edwards's counsel explained 
that he intended to argue that the litigation privilege barred Epstein's claim against 
Edwards (App.19, p.217). Edwards also intended to argue that no damages were 
incurred by Epstein as a result of anything that went on with regard to a Ponzi 
scheme in which Epstein was not an investor and about which he knew nothing while 
it was in progress (App.19, p.217). 
Edwards explained that if the cases were tried together as Epstein wished, the 
case would begin with Epstein putting on proof that he was damaged based upon 
conduct that Edwards believed was protected by the litigation privilege (App.19, 
p.217). Edwards would essentially be put in the position of trying to defend 
Rothstein, a criminal serving a 50-year federal prison sentence for perpetrating one 
of the largest Ponzi schemes in history (App.19, p.218). Edwards argued that this 
would obviously greatly prejudice the jury against Edwards and confuse the jury 
(App.19, p.218). 
The trial court then noted that by the time Edwards filed the operative 
"counterclaim" Epstein's claim against Edwards had already been dismissed, so it 
was not even technically a counterclaim at that point (App.19, p.220-21). The court 
stated that there is "no longer any relationship" between the two remaining claims, 
other than a common case number (App.19, p.222). Epstein versus Rothstein is 
EFTA00808831
--- PAGE 17 ---
separate and apart from Edwards versus Epstein and "has absolutely no connection 
at this stage of the game" (App.19, p.222). 
The trial court asked Epstein's counsel how severing the cases for the 
purposes of trial would affect their preparation or presentation at trial (App.19, 
p.240). Epstein's counsel admitted it would not change their trial preparation 
(App.19, p.240) and that the only change would be that Epstein would not get to 
present evidence first at trial (App.19, pp.240-43). 
Edwards's counsel responded that based upon Epstein's argument, prejudice 
against Epstein from bifurcating the two claims would arise only if Epstein used his 
opportunity to present his case against Rothstein first to improperly influence the 
jury regarding Edwards's claims against Epstein (App.19, p.245). 
After further argument, the trial court concluded: 
Now, again, I will grant you that factually there may be some 
overlap. I'm not suggesting that. But from a purely legal standpoint, 
this separate action, there is nothing that I can think of that would 
necessitate these two matters to be tried together. 
And the fact that substantial confusion could be operable 
here - as argued by counsel and as written down by the court, even 
before the mention of the word — the prejudice that would be done here, 
may even create a better forum for each of the parties to get their justice 
that they are seeking, i.e., Mr. Epstein's damages against Rothstein. I 
am not sure whether causation becomes an issue or not. I think its 
simply a matter of damages, but that Rothstein has the opportunity to 
defend himself against. 
EFTA00808832
--- PAGE 18 ---
But Edwards, on a totally separate legal theory, and in a case 
that now bears no semblance to a counterclaim, has his right to seek 
justice in a timely fashion as well. 
(App.19, pp.224-25). The trial court reiterated many times during the hearing that 
this case was a counterclaim in name only (App.19, pp.210, 220-21, 222, 225, 226, 
228, 235, 236, 239-40, 259, 260-61). 
The court explained that the only connection between the two cases was that 
Edwards's case had its genesis in the fact that "Epstein originally brought the claim 
against Edwards, Rothstein, and ■., 
and then voluntarily dismissed the case 
[against Edwards] at the eve of summary judgment" (App.19, p.211). Indeed, the 
trial court explained: "I have no recollection whatsoever of anything coming up 
during the approximate four years that I have presided over this case in division AG 
of anything whatsoever having to do with Mr. Epstein's prosecution of that one-
count complaint against Rothstein from that September 2011 [Second] amended 
complaint" (App.19, pp.258-59). 
The court reasoned that there is no longer any legal relationship between 
Edwards's case against Epstein and the damages-only claim by Epstein against 
Rothstein (App.19, p.261). The court held that there would be no prejudice to 
Epstein in severing the cases (App.19, p.265). Finally, the court explained that there 
would be an "absolute danger of confusion relative to a jury's consideration of 
EFTA00808833
--- PAGE 19 ---
Edwards's case versus Epstein's case against Rothstein solely" if the cases were to 
be tried together (App.19, p.266). 
Thus, the trial court granted Edwards's motion for separate trials and held it 
would try Edwards v. Epstein as scheduled on March 13, 2018. The trial court later 
entered a written order codifying its ore terms ruling at the hearing (Resp.App., 
pp.304-05). The court granted the motion for separate trials and severed the 
malicious prosecution action. 
EFTA00808834
--- PAGE 20 ---
ARGUMENT 
EPSTEIN'S PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI 
SHOULD BE DENIED BECAUSE HE HAS NOT 
ESTABLISHED 
THAT 
THE 
TRIAL 
COURT 
DEPARTED 
FROM 
THE 
ESSENTIAL 
REQUIREMENTS OF LAW OR THAT HE WILL 
SUFFER IRREPARABLE HARM IF THE TWO 
CLAIMS ARE NOT TRIED TOGETHER. 
CERTIORARI STANDARDS 
Florida Rule of Appellate Procedure 9.030(b)(3) authorizes this Court to issue 
writs of "common law certiorari." To present a prima facie case for certiorari relief, 
a petitioner must establish that a trial court's order: (1) departs from the essential 
requirements of the law or was entered without or in excess of the trial court's 
jurisdiction; (2) resulting in a material injury to the petitioner for the remainder of 
the case; (3) that cannot be corrected on appeal. Williams v. Oken, 62 So.3d 1129, 
1132 (Fla. 2011). "The last two elements are jurisdictional and must be analyzed 
before the court may even consider the first element." Id. 
Even if the Petitioner demonstrates a prima facie case for relief, however, the 
district court has the discretion to deny a petition for writ of certiorari. Combs v. 
State, 436 So.2d 93, 96 (Fla. 1983). It should exercise its discretion to grant certiorari 
"only when there has been a violation of a clearly established principle of law 
resulting in a miscarriage of justice" and irreparable harm. Id. (emphasis added). 
EFTA00808835
--- PAGE 21 ---
Here, Epstein has not met his burden of establishing either the jurisdictional 
element or that the trial court departed from the essential requirements of law. There 
has been no "violation of a clearly established principle of law" and certainly no 
"miscarriage of justice." Thus, the Petition should be dismissed or denied. 
I. 
EPSTEIN WILL NOT SUFFER IRREPARABLE HARM AS THERE IS 
NO RISK OF INCONSISTENT VERDICTS. 
"Although Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.270(b) provides courts with the 
discretion to sever claims `in furtherance of convenience or to avoid prejudice,' 
certiorari is an appropriate remedy for orders severing claims that involve 
interrelated factual issues because of the risk of inconsistent verdicts." 
Martinique Condominiums, Inc. v. Short, 230 So.3d 1268, 1270 (Fla. 5th DCA 2017) 
(emphasis added) (citing Minty v. Meister Financialgroup, Inc., 97 So.3d 926, 931 
(Fla. 4th DCA 2012)). 
There is no risk of inconsistent verdicts as a result of the severance in this 
case, as demonstrated by Epstein's meritless attempt in the Petition to imagine one 
possible inconsistency. Specifically, Epstein contends that "one possibility of an 
inconsistent verdict" would occur in the event the jury awarded Epstein damages in 
his claim against Rothstein because "a second jury in Edwards' counterclaim against 
Epstein will be asked to determine that Epstein did not suffer any damages 
proximately caused by Rothstein's illegal conduct ..." (Pet., p.18). That contention 
EFTA00808836
--- PAGE 22 ---
is meritless, as the jury will not be asked any such question in the trial of Edwards's 
claim. That is easily demonstrated by the proposed jury instructions and verdict 
forms submitted by Epstein himself for these claims. 
While Edwards does not agree with all of Epstein's proposed jury instructions 
or his verdict form, he will rely on them arguendo to demonstrate that even under 
Epstein's conception of the case there is no possibility of an inconsistent verdict. 
The proposed verdict form submitted by Epstein as to his claim against 
Rothstein has only one question (Res.App.5, p.301): 
On Jeffrey Epstein's claims against Scott Rothstein, what amount of 
damages did Jeffrey Epstein prove by the greater weight of the evidence 
that he suffered? 
The Petition suggests if the jury awards damages in response to that question, that 
could be inconsistent with the jury's probable cause determination in Edwards's case 
(Pet., p.18). However, the probable cause interrogatory on the verdict, as proposed 
by Epstein, is as follows (Res.App.5, p.302): 
Did Bradley Edwards prove by the greater weight of the evidence that 
there was no probable cause for Jeffrey Epstein to initiate or continue 
his original civil proceeding against Bradley Edwards? [E.S] 
There is no conceivable way that an answer to that question, whether "yes" or "no," 
could be inconsistent with the one verdict question on damages that the jury would 
answer as to Rothstein. 
EFTA00808837
--- PAGE 23 ---
In fact, under Epstein's proposed instructions and verdict form, the jury is 
never asked to determine in Edwards's case any issue regarding Rothstein's conduct 
or any damages he might have caused. Thus, even assuming arguendo the court 
utilizes Epstein's proposed jury instructions and verdict, there is no possibility of an 
inconsistent verdict. As a result, certiorari is not an available remedy. 
Moreover, a review of the jury instructions submitted by Epstein shows that 
there is not a single instruction that requires the jury to determine any issue common 
to both claims. Epstein's proposal for the "Summary of Claims" instruction presents 
his claim against Rothstein and Edwards's claim against him completely separately, 
with no overlap (Res.App.5, p.281).6
Additionally, Epstein requested the court to give the Florida Standard Jury 
Instruction 601.4, which he modified as follows (Res.App.5, p.296): 
In your deliberations, you will consider and decide several distinct 
claims, including claims by Jeffrey Epstein against Scott Rothstein and 
one claim by Bradley Edwards against Jeffrey Epstein. Although these 
claims have been tried together, each is separate from the others, and 
each party is entitled to have you separately consider each claim as it 
affects that party. Therefore, in your deliberations, you should 
Epstein's proposed "Summary of Claims" instruction describes his causes of action 
against Rothstein as including RICO, fraud, and civil theft claims, even though he 
abandoned those claims against Rothstein 6 1/2  years ago (Res.App.5, p.281). It 
appears that Epstein's counsel believed that the original Complaint was still the 
operative Complaint. Obviously, that description is completely erroneous and to that 
extent should be ignored by the Court. However, it does further demonstrate the 
confusion engendered in trying these claims together. 
EFTA00808838
--- PAGE 24 ---
consider the evidence as it relates to each claim separately, as you 
would had each claim been tried before you separately. [E.S.] 
Thus, by his own jury instructions, Epstein has conceded in the lower court 
that the claims are "distinct," "each is separate from the other," and "each party is 
entitled to have you separately consider each claim as it affects that party." The jury 
is also instructed to "consider the evidence as it relates to each claim separately 
as you would had each claim been tried before you separately." How can Epstein 
make those representations as to the applicable law in the trial court, and yet argue 
the complete opposite principles to this Court? Epstein's attempt to undermine the 
trial court's severance order by arguing that the claims are interrelated and must be 
tried together is belied by his own jury instructions and verdict form. 
Finally, Epstein argues that the severance of the claims does not make the 
action "at issue" under Rule 1.440 (Pet., pp.18-21). There has never been any dispute 
that Edwards's malicious prosecution claim is at issue; that is, whether the pleadings 
are closed as to that claim. The question whether Epstein's failure to seek a default 
against Rothstein for 6 V2 years prevents the trial scheduled for March 13, 2018, from 
proceeding is under review by this Court in the Mandamus proceeding in Case No. 
4D18-0762. Edwards will rely upon his argument in his Response to the Petition for 
Writ of Mandamus to the extent that issue might have any relevance here (which it 
does not). 
EFTA00808839
--- PAGE 25 ---
II. 
THE TRIAL COURT DID NOT DEPART FROM THE ESSENTIAL 
REQUIREMENTS OF LAW. 
Rule 1.270(b), Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, provides: 
The court in furtherance of convenience or to avoid prejudice may order a 
separate trial of any claim, crossclaim, counterclaim, or third-party claim or 
of any separate issue or of any number of claims, crossclaims, counterclaims, 
third-party claims, or issues. [E.S.] 
It is well settled that a trial court's decision to bifurcate or sever claims is subject to 
the abuse of discretion standard. See Roseman v. Town Square M,  Inc., 810 So.2d 
516, 520 (Fla. 4th DCA 2001). Furthermore, "bifurcation is generally proper absent 
a specific threat of inconsistent verdicts or prejudice to a party." Id. at 520-21 
(internal quotations omitted); see also Johansen v. Vuocolo, 125 So.3d 197, 200 (Fla. 
4th DCA 2013); Microclimate Sales Co., Inc. v. Doherty, 731 So.2d 856, 858 (Fla. 
5th DCA 1999). As noted above, there is no possibility of an inconsistent verdict. 
Here, the trial court made extensive findings at the hearing on the motion for 
separate trials supporting bifurcation, including: 
• there is nothing that would necessitate these two matters being tried 
together; 
• "substantial confusion" would arise if the claims were tried together; 
• the two claims are based on totally separate legal theories; 
• Edwards's case bears no semblance to Epstein's claim against Rothstein; 
EFTA00808840
--- PAGE 26 ---
• Edwards's claim is not technically a counterclaim since there is no longer 
a claim against him; 
• there would be no prejudice to Epstein in severing the case; and 
• there would be an "absolute danger of confusion relative to a jury's 
consideration of Edwards's case versus Epstein's case against Rothstein 
solely" if the cases were to be tried together. 
Thus, the trial judge, who has presided over this case for the past four years, 
made significant factual and legal determinations concluding not only that the two 
claims were not factually intertwined but that trying the cases together would 
confuse the jury. The court made the reasoned determination that severing the cases 
would not cause any prejudice to Epstein. While the trial judge correctly relied on 
all those factors, acceptance of any one of them would demonstrate that there was 
no abuse of discretion. 
Despite the fact that the abuse of discretion standard applies here, Epstein does 
not address these determinations of the trial court or the court's reasoning. His 
refusal to acknowledge the trial court's findings highlights the weakness of his 
position here. 
As to juror confusion, Epstein and Edwards's positions as to the pending 
claims are polar opposites. Epstein will be trying a damages-only claim against 
Rothstein alleging that he was damaged by Rothstein's conspiracy with Edwards 
EFTA00808841
--- PAGE 27 ---
to commit abuse of process. The jury will be told to assume that for purposes of that 
claim all of Epstein's allegations against Rothstein are true. However, an element of 
Edwards's claim against Epstein involves proof not only that the allegations he 
conspired with Rothstein are untrue but that Epstein sued Edwards without ever 
having probable cause to believe those allegations were true. As noted by the trial 
judge, the likelihood of juror confusion is obvious, if they are being asked in the 
same case to believe and reject the identical factual allegations. 
Additionally, Edwards will argue that the litigation privilege absolutely barred 
Epstein's claim against Edwards from the outset. However, Rothstein has obviously 
waived this claim, so that creates another likely source of confusion. 
Furthermore, as Edwards noted, the witnesses Epstein planned to call at trial 
in his case against Rothstein, including Edwards and 
., could have no probative 
evidence as to the damages Epstein allegedly suffered as a result of Rothstein's 
alleged conspiracy to commit abuse of process. It is obvious that the purpose, and 
most certainly the effect, of calling these witnesses would be to prejudice Edwards 
in his claim against Epstein before he even has the opportunity to put on his case. 
This conclusion is supported by the fact that the only prejudice Epstein's counsel 
could identify that he would suffer if the cases are separated is that he would not get 
to go first at trial. 
EFTA00808842
--- PAGE 28 ---
The trial court's conclusion that the two cases are legally distinct is also 
supported by the law. As the trial court noted, while Edwards's claim started out as 
a counterclaim, its status as such in all aspects other than name was eliminated when 
Epstein dismissed his claims against Edwards. 
Edwards did not Waive the Right to Have the Claims Bifurcated 
Epstein relies exclusively on the Joint Pretrial Stipulation to support his 
argument that Edwards waived the right to have his claim against Epstein tried 
separately from the Epstein claim against Rothstein. As an initial matter, however, 
one cannot help but note the hypocrisy of this position. Epstein is relying on a pretrial 
stipulation that was not signed by Rothstein or Rothstein's counsel to mandate when 
Epstein v. Rothstein must be tried. Moreover, the pretrial stipulation clearly 
contemplates a damages-only claim against Rothstein, despite the fact that Epstein 
did not have a default against Rothstein when his counsel unilaterally entered into 
the pretrial stipulation as to whatever claim Epstein may have against Rothstein. 
Additionally, a pretrial stipulation does not waive any relief necessary to 
ensure a fair trial. In fact, the Pretrial Stipulation here preserved Edwards's 
subsequent claim that trying the cases together would confuse the jury and prejudice 
him. 
EFTA00808843
--- PAGE 29 ---
As noted above, in the pretrial stipulation, Edwards noted that the issue raised 
in Epstein v. Rothstein could confuse the jury and thus prejudice him. The stipulation 
also made clear that there were a multitude of issues outstanding. The stipulation 
listed more than a dozen outstanding motions that needed to be decided and included 
competing jury instructions and verdict forms submitted by each side. Thus, this was 
not a case where most, if not all, pretrial issues had been settled before the filing of 
the stipulation. 
Edwards argued in his Motion for Separate Trials that the need for separate 
trials arose when Epstein's counsel explained that they intended to present their 
damages-only claim against Rothstein before Edwards presented his claim against 
Epstein. In alleged support of his claim against Rothstein, Epstein's attorneys 
notified Edwards's counsel that they intended to call four witnesses to establish 
Epstein's damages against Rothstein: Rothstein (by deposition), 
., Edwards (by 
deposition), and William Scherer (an attorney who had represented investors 
damaged by the Ponzi scheme). Edwards argued that none of these witnesses had 
any testimony relevant to the alleged damages suffered by Epstein from Rothstein's 
conduct. 
Thus, the pretrial stipulation made clear there were a lot of unanswered issues 
and it was not until the final preparations for trial that Edwards recognized and raised 
EFTA00808844
--- PAGE 30 ---
the need for trying the cases separately. Epstein has cited no case holding that a 
pretrial stipulation waives the ability to seek relief based on subsequent events. Thus, 
it was not an abuse of discretion to permit separate trials under the circumstances of 
this case. 
Epstein relies upon cases discussing the importance of the pretrial stipulation 
to support his claim that Edwards waived any later request to bifurcate the trial by 
executing the pretrial stipulation. However, these cases presume two facts which do 
not exist here: (1) the pretrial stipulation expressed an agreement as to the issues to 
be decided by the jury, and (2) circumstances did not arise after the execution of the 
pretrial stipulation but before trial which made it clear that judicial action was 
necessary to ensure a fair trial. 
Epstein relies on Broche v. Cohn, 987 So.2d 124 (Fla. 4th DCA 2008), for the 
claim that pretrial stipulations are to be "strictly enforced" (Pet., pp.11-12). 
However, in that non jury case, the trial court decided issues which the parties had 
removed from consideration from the court in a pretrial stipulation. Thus, the parties 
tried their cases assuming that the specific issues in question were not being tried, 
yet the trial court decided the issues anyway. That is a far cry from the circumstances 
we have here where Edwards, pre-trial, sought to limit the issues tried based upon 
inter alia, prejudice to him and the likelihood of confusion of the jurors. 
EFTA00808845
--- PAGE 31 ---
In Palm Beach Polo Holdings, Inc. v. Broward Marine, Inc., 174 So.3d 1037 
(Fla. 4th DCA 2015), this Court discussed the importance of the pretrial stipulation, 
because the trial court did not let an issue go to the jury that the parties had agreed 
in a pretrial stipulation was to be decided by the jury. That case has no application 
here where a severance was necessary to ensure a fair trial, and the order did not 
eliminate any issues; it only provided for separate trials. 
Epstein also claims that Edwards waived the ability to seek severance by 
waiting until "the Eleventh Hour" to request a separate trial (Pet., p.13). As discussed 
above, however, the need to try the cases separately was not clear until the final 
weeks before trial when it became apparent that Epstein was going to attempt to taint 
the jury as to Edwards's claim by presenting his case against Rothstein with 
witnesses who would serve no other purpose than to prejudice Edwards. 
Bifurcation is Necessary to Ensure a Fair Proceeding and Will not Waste the 
Resources of the Parties or Court 
Epstein claims that separate trials are not warranted here because it would not 
be convenient or necessary to conduct two trials (Pet., p.15). To the contrary, as the 
trial court expressly held, separating these two cases for trial is necessary in order to 
eliminate the possibility of confusion of the jury and of prejudice to Edwards. 
EFTA00808846
--- PAGE 32 ---
Epstein claims that his claim against Rothstein and Edwards's claim against 
him are "inextricably interwoven" (Pet., p.15). Of course, that is completely 
irreconcilable with his proposed jury instructions. Interestingly, Epstein cites a 
significant portion of his counsel's argument from the hearing (Pet., pp.15-16), but 
does not cite the extensive conclusions of the trial court wherein the court came to 
the opposite conclusion. Specifically, as discussed above, the court found that the 
two cases address separate legal theories, were independent claims, and bore no 
significant relationship to each other. 
As explained above, Edwards's malicious prosecution claim was obviously 
independent of Epstein's remaining claim against Rothstein. By definition, a 
malicious prosecution count cannot be brought until the underlying claims, i.e., 
Epstein's claims against Edwards, have been terminated in Edwards's favor (and by 
virtue of the likely default by Rothstein, the identical allegations will be terminated 
in Epstein's favor, a directly opposite result). See Alamo Rent-A-Car v. Mancusi, 
632 So.2d 1352 (Fla. 1994). Thus, Edwards's malicious prosecution claim was not 
a compulsory counterclaim and would at best be considered a permissive 
counterclaim which a trial court has discretion to sever in the absence of prejudice. 
See Turner Construction Co. v. ENF Contractors, Inc., 939 So.2d 1108 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 2003); see also Trak v. Microwave Corp. v. Medaris Management, Inc., 236 
So.2d 189, 192 (Ha. 4th DCA 1970). 
EFTA00808847
--- PAGE 33 ---
As the trial court noted, "the only thing that it [Edwards's counterclaim] now 
shares is a common case number" (App.19, p.222). The court also noted that there 
was "nothing that I can think of that would necessitate these two matters to be tried 
together" (App.19, p.224). Based on those factors, the trial court severed the claims 
and directed that Edwards's malicious prosecution claim against Epstein could 
proceed to trial (App.19, p.257). Epstein's counsel conceded that "it is clearly in this 
court's discretion to sever this case" (App.19, p.226). 
Denial of Bifurcation Will Prejudice Edwards 
Epstein next claims that Edwards will suffer no prejudice if the cases are tried 
together. He suggests that the trial court could "instruct the jury that the presentation 
of damages evidence with Epstein's case against Rothstein in no way suggests or 
implies that Edwards is liable for the damages Epstein claims" (Pet., p.17). This 
simplistic approach will not work here. 
As discussed thoroughly above, Epstein and Edwards's positions are 
inherently in conflict with each other. Epstein will be trying a damages-only claim 
against Rothstein alleging that he was damaged by Rothstein's conspiracy with 
Edwards to commit abuse of process. The jury will be told to presume that Edwards 
had, in fact, conspired with Rothstein to commit abuse of process in filing the 
underlying civil actions against Epstein. On the other hand, in Edwards's action 
EFTA00808848
--- PAGE 34 ---
against Epstein, Edwards will have to prove to the jury that there was no probable 
cause for Rothstein to bring the abuse of process action against Edwards. 
The trial court expressly found that there is a very real possibility that the jury 
would be confused if the two cases are tried together. This conclusion is supported 
by the facts and the circumstances of this case. Accordingly, the trial court did not 
abuse its discretion in separating the cases for trial. 
EFTA00808849
--- PAGE 35 ---
CONCLUSION 
For the reasons stated above, the Petition for Writ of Certiorari should be 
dismissed or denied. 
EFTA00808850
--- PAGE 36 ---
CERTIFICATE OF TYPE SIZE & STYLE 
Respondent hereby certifies that the type size and style of the Response of 
Respondent is Times New Roman 14pt. 
By: 
/s/ Philip M. Burlington 
PHILIP M. BURLINGTON 
Florida Bar No. 
By: 
/s/ Nichole J. Segal 
NICHOLE J. SEGAL 
Florida Bar No. 
EFTA00808851
--- PAGE 37 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was furnished by mail 
to The Honorable Donald W. Hafele, 205 N. Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216, West 
Palm Beach, FL 33401 and to all counsel on the attached service list, by email, on 
March 19, 2018. 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Karen Terry, Esq. 
David J. Vitale, Jr. Esq. 
SEARCY DENNY SCAROLA 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, ■. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
and 
BURLINGTON & ROCICENBACH, ■. 
444 West Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Attorneys for Res ondent Bradley J. Edwards 
By: 
/s/ Philip M. Burlington 
PHILIP M. BURLINGTON 
Florida Bar No. 
By: 
/s/ Nichole J. Segal 
NICHOLE J. SEGAL 
Florida Bar No. 
/kbt 
EFTA00808852
--- PAGE 38 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Epstein v. Rothstein/Edwards 
Case No. 4D18-0787 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esq. 
Rachel J. Glasser, Esq. 
LINK & ROCICENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. Ste. 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
ATTERBURY GOLDBERGER 
& WEISS, • 
250 Australian Avenue S., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Attorney for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Esq. 
LAW OFFICES OF MARC S. NURIK 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Ste. 700 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Attorney for Scott Rothstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
EDWARDS POTT1NGER LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301-3268 
Attorney for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808853

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808854.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' REOUESTS FOR ADMISSION 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil 
Procedure 1.370, responds to Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") 
February 6, 2018, Requests for Admission as follows: 
I. The printout of your New York State Sex Offender registration page attached [to the 
Request] as Exhibit `A' is authentic. 
RESPONSE 
Epstein cannot admit or deny this request because he has no control over or personal 
knowledge about the authenticity of the registration attached as Exhibit `A' to 
Edwards' Request. 
2. The information contained in the printout of your New York State Sex Offender 
registration page attached [to the Request] as Exhibit `A' is accurate. 
RESPONSE 
Epstein cannot admit or deny this request because any response would require the 
disclosure of information which could communicate a statement of fact that is 
testimonial in nature. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). There is a 
EFTA00808854
--- PAGE 2 ---
substantial and reasonable basis for concern that such testimonial statements of fact 
could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute him in future criminal proceedings. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 
479, 486 (1951). Additionally, Epstein cannot respond to this request without waiving 
his Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment Rights as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution and Article I, Sections 2, 9 and 16 of the Florida Constitution. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on February 
, 2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
[fax] 
By: Al 
Scott J. Link (FBN 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 
Angela M. Man (FBN 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00808855
--- PAGE 3 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, 
. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
350 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Rothstein 
Counsel for Defendant Scott 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
2012123 
EFTA00808856

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808857.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANT 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN'S MOTION TO DISMISS SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") opposes Defendant Scott Rothstein's ("Rothstein") 
April 11, 2018, Motion to Dismiss Second Amended Complaint With Prejudice, and states: 
INTRODUCTION 
Rothstein has moved to dismiss Epstein's Second Amended Complaint with prejudice 
arguing (1) that Epstein has failed to properly plead the elements of civil conspiracy, and (2) the 
absence of a viable underlying tort to support the conspiracy claim. Rothstein also argues that 
dismissal with prejudice is warranted because of Epstein's purportedly dilatory conduct in 
prosecuting his case against Rothstein. All of Rothstein's arguments are completely unfounded 
and have absolutely no merit, and his Motion to Dismiss should be denied. 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
The Complaint States a Claim for Conspiracy to Commit Abuse of Process 
It is well settled that "[a] motion to dismiss . . tests the legal sufficiency of a complaint to 
state a cause of action and is not intended to determine issues of ultimate fact." Landmark Funding, 
EFTA00808857
--- PAGE 2 ---
Inc. on Behalf of Naples Syndications, LLC v. Chaluts, 213 So. 3d 1078, 1079 (Fla. 2d DCA 2017) 
(citation omitted). "To rule on a motion to dismiss, a court's gaze is limited to the four corners of 
the complaint, including the attachments incorporated in it, and all well pleaded allegations are 
taken as true." U.S Project Mgmt., Inc. v. Parc Royale E. Dev., Inc., 861 So. 2d 74, 76 (Fla. 4th 
DCA 2003) (citations and quotation marks omitted). All reasonable inferences must be construed 
in favor of the nonmoving party. Jackson v. Shakespeare Found., Inc., 108 So. 3d 587, 593 (Fla. 
2013). 
After nearly seven years (2,422 days or six years and seven and a half months), Rothstein 
belatedly surfaces for the first time through a filing which was not made by Rothstein's own 
counsel, but was made instead by Jack Scarola, counsel of record for former co-Defendant and 
current Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards. Notwithstanding who may have actually penned 
the Motion in Rothstein's name, the Motion is premised on the specious argument that the 
operative complaint fails to properly plead the elements of civil conspiracy to commit abuse of 
process because Epstein does not allege with whom Rothstein entered into an agreement to commit 
the tort of abuse of process.' Rothstein also argues that Epstein has not adequately pled damages 
necessary to sustain a civil conspiracy claim. As is readily apparent from even a cursory review 
of the Second Amended Complaint, Rothstein's arguments have absolutely no merit and should 
be summarily rejected. 
The elements of a claim for civil conspiracy are: "(a) an agreement between two or more 
parties, (b) to do an unlawful act or to do a lawful act by unlawful means, (c) the doing of some 
overt act in pursuance of the conspiracy, and (d) damage to plaintiff as a result of the acts done 
I Epstein filed the operative Second Amended Complaint on August 22, 2011. 
EFTA00808858
--- PAGE 3 ---
under the conspiracy." MP, LLC v. Sterling Holding, LLC, 231 So. 3d 517, 521-22 (Fla. 3d DCA 
2017) (emphasis added; citation omitted). 
Rothstein does not argue that Epstein fails to allege the core elements for civil conspiracy. 
Rather, Rothstein frivolously advances dismissal on the grounds that the operative complaint fails 
to "identify the alleged other party to the `agreement."' (Mot. at p. 2). But Rothstein fails to point 
to any case law — and despite an exhaustive review, the undersigned can find none — which 
requires a plaintiff to expressly identify the co-conspirator(s) by name. This is because Florida 
imposes no such requirement. Furthermore, even if the law requires an allegation that one or more 
parties other than Rothstein are involved, the operative complaint more than sufficiently alleges 
that Rothstein did not act alone in the conspiracy. 
Nonetheless, Epstein has alleged all the required elements to adequately plead a cause of 
action for civil conspiracy. It is undisputed that Rothstein engaged (and had an agreement to 
engage) in a Ponzi scheme with others, and Epstein was damaged by the acts done by the 
conspiracy. For example, in the "Introduction" of the Second Amended Complaint, Epstein 
summarizes his allegations, in pertinent part: 
Through the law firm of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler, P.A 
("RRA"), Rothstein and others in this criminal enterprise 
conducted a $1.2 billion Ponzi scheme which was perpetrated with 
fake agreements, forged signatures and a fundamental corruption of 
the many legal protections that the legal system has in place. By 
claiming to be engaged in what was essentially legal extortion, 
Rothstein persuaded investors, that he could pressure defendants, 
including Epstein, into paying astronomical settlements and further 
defrauded investors by convincing them to purchase fake interests 
in assignments of fictitious structured settlements, including those 
falsely claimed to have been reached by RRA for Edwards' clients 
with claims against Epstein, to the detriment of the Plaintiff. . . 
The United States government has stated that Rothstein 
conspired with others to use RRA as a criminal enterprise to 
conduct a racketeering activity, including mail and wire frauds
money laundering and conspiracy. 
EFTA00808859
--- PAGE 4 ---
(Second Amended Complaint, pp. 1-2) (emphasis added). 
The Second Amended Complaint also contains specific allegations of the conspiracy: 
36. 
Rothstein conspired and entered into an express or implied 
agreement to engage in the tort of abuse of process as part of 
a plan to defraud investors and further the Ponzi scheme. 
Rothstein knew or should have known of Edwards' efforts 
to make illegal, improper, and perverted use of the civil 
process. 
37. 
The actions described in paragraphs 10 through 24 and 30 
through 32 constitute overt acts in furtherance of the 
conspiracy. 
*** 
39. 
As a result of the conspiracy, Epstein has been damaged by 
incurring additional and unnecessary attorney's fees and 
costs and the cost of installing an enhanced security system 
and retention of security personnel for the safety of Epstein 
and to protect his property. 
(Second Amended Complaint, ¶¶ 36, 37, 39.) 
In its own Complaint, the Government alleged that others in Rothstein's firm were co-
conspirators and it is an indisputable matter of public record and knowledge that Rothstein had 
guilty co-conspirators. In fact, there is easily ascertainable public news that at least four others 
pled guilty.2 Epstein properly alleged there was a conspiracy to engage in a Ponzi scheme between 
Rothstein and others at his firm and nothing in Florida law requires Epstein to name any of these 
individuals — or anyone else - in order to civilly sue Rothstein for his criminal and destructive 
Public news sources reported that Howard Kusnick, 58, of Tamarac; Stephen Caputi, 53, of 
Lauderhill; William Corte, 38, of Plantation; and Curtis Renie, 38, of Fort Lauderdale, were expected 
to 
plead 
guilty 
to 
one 
count 
of 
conspiracy 
to 
commit 
wire 
fraud 
in 
 2011. 
dates-for-guilty-pleas-6452603. 
EFTA00808860
--- PAGE 5 ---
behavior. Epstein is not required to prove anything at the pleading stage. Nonetheless, Epstein 
did name others who were involved in the abusive litigation tactics: 
II. 
RRA employed a team of investigators on the Epstein 
Actions, including Michael Fisten ("Fisten") and former 
Broward County Sheriff and convicted felon Ken Jenne 
("Jenne"). 
12. 
Fisten and Jenne were the primary investigators assigned to 
Edwards, and routinely reported to Edwards and Rothstein 
regarding their investigations of Epstein. 
*** 
15. 
In October, 2009, Rothstein directed Edwards' investigative 
team to bring case files into a conference room at RRA to be 
examined by potential investors. Then, Fisten and Jenne 
brought in the case files for the Epstein Actions, which 
numbered as many as nineteen (19) boxes. 
*** 
19. 
Although Edwards has given sworn deposition testimony that 
only a few attorneys employed at RRA were directly involved 
in the prosecution of the Epstein Actions, a privilege log 
prepared by Edwards, and other documents, clearly reflect 
that more than eighteen (18) RRA lawyers were involved in 
prosecuting the Epstein Actions. Additionally, four RRA 
investigators and several legal assistants and paralegals were 
involved in the Epstein Actions. 
20. 
On multiple occasions, and in contrast to Edwards' sworn 
testimony, many RRA attorneys conferred and were involved 
with the prosecution of the Epstein Actions [described in 
detail in Second Amended Complaint]. 
*** 
22. 
Beginning in October, 2009, the level of communications by 
and between Edwards and others, including Rothstein, 
described below, increased dramatically, as Rothstein was 
running out of money, and was in search of new victims in 
order to continue to perpetuate the Ponzi scheme, and 
coincided with Rothstein's efforts to get the investments for 
EFTA00808861
--- PAGE 6 ---
the Epstein actions concluded [described in detail in Second 
Amended Complaint]. 
(Second Amended Complaint, ¶¶ 11, 12, 15, 19, 20, 22.) 
In addition, Epstein alleged that Rothstein "pled guilty and ultimately was sentenced to a 50-
year prison sentence for fraud and racketeering, based on an alleged $1.2 billion Ponzi scheme 
designed, among other things, to infuse funds into RRA, his own pockets, and those of his 
cohorts." (Second Amended Complaint,  28.) 
Based on the allegations in the Second Amended Complaint, taken as true, and together 
with the inferences drawn from them in favor of Epstein, a trier of fact could find that Rothstein 
and/or members of the Rothstein firm "conspired and entered into an express or implied agreement 
to engage in the tort of abuse of process as part of a plan to defraud investors and further the Ponzi 
scheme,"3 a finding that encompasses the first element of civil conspiracy which Rothstein 
challenges. 
Rothstein also argues that Epstein has not adequately pled damages necessary to sustain a 
civil conspiracy claim. (Mot. at p. 3.) Epstein, however, did plead damages in paragraph 39, as 
quoted above, and in paragraph 34 as follows: 
34. 
As a result of the above, the Plaintiff has suffered damages 
by incurring additional and unnecessary attorneys' fees and 
costs to defend these abuses of process. 
In any event, Epstein is not required to plead those damages and a general claim is enough. 
Hutchison v. Tompkins, 259 So. 2d 129, 132-33 (Fla. 1972) ("It is well established in Florida that 
where the allegations of a Complaint show the invasion of a legal right, the plaintiff on the basis 
thereof may recover at least nominal damages, and a motion to dismiss should be overruled. ... 
Petitioners' failure to allege specific damages does not foreclose them from attempting to prove 
See Second Amended Complaint at ¶ 36. 
EFTA00808862
--- PAGE 7 ---
general damages at trial. General damages, that is, those damages which naturally and necessarily 
flow or result from the injuries alleged, need not be specifically pleaded" (citations omitted)). 
Therefore, it would be inappropriate for the Court to decide damages in the context of a Motion to 
Dismiss. 
Importantly, when Edwards moved to dismiss Epstein's Second Amended Complaint, this 
Court found that the damages alleged were sufficient to survive a Motion to Dismiss. Specifically, 
in August 2011, through the same counsel who filed the instant Motion, Edwards moved to dismiss 
claiming, among other things, that "the [Second] Amended Complaint fails to articulate a 
cognizable theory of damages proximately caused by any wrongdoing on the part of Bradley J. 
Edwards." (Edwards' Motion to Dismiss, ¶ 3, Exhibit A.) Those damages incurred by Epstein to 
defend against the abuse of process alleged in the Second Amended Complaint are the same 
damages pled by Epstein to have resulted from Rothstein's civil conspiracy. This Court previously 
rejected the arguments that those damages were inadequately pled and denied Edwards' Motion. 
(Exhibit B.) This Court should again reject the same arguments, which are no more persuasive 
now than they were when filed seven years ago on behalf of Edwards. 
B. 
The Underlying Tort of Abuse of Process May be Discerned From the Operative 
Complaint 
Epstein has stated a cause of action for civil conspiracy based upon an independent tort; 
specifically, the tort of abuse of process. In the operative Second Amended Complaint filed on 
August 22, 2011, Epstein alleged the underlying tort of abuse of process — both in general 
allegations and specific allegations against both Edwards and Rothstein. 
The elements for abuse of process are: (I) that the defendant made an illegal, improper, or 
perverted use of process; (2) that the defendant had ulterior motives or purposes in exercising such 
illegal, improper, or perverted use of process; and (3) that, as a result of such action on the part of 
EFTA00808863
--- PAGE 8 ---
the defendant, the plaintiff suffered damage. S & I Investments v. Payless Flea Mkt., Inc., 36 So. 
3d 909, 917 (Fla. 4th DCA 2010). 
In the General Allegations of the Second Amended Complaint, Epstein alleged that in 
2009, Rothstein pursued a criminal course of conduct which included a scheme to defraud 
investors into purchasing fake interests in assignments of fictitious structured settlements by 
showing them boxes of case files in the Edwards' cases against Epstein, which high dollar 
settlements were falsely claimed to have been reached by Rothstein's law firm on behalf of clients. 
(Second Amended Complaint, ¶ 6). The purpose of the fictitious investments was to enrich 
Rothstein "along with other members of RRA and others" to sustain the law firm and raise 
capital.... (Second Amended Complaint, ¶ 7). Epstein plainly alleged that "Rothstein and others 
in his firm, many of whom have pled guilty to federal crimes, were pursuing this Ponzi scheme...." 
Id. at ¶ 8. 
In fact, one need only glance at the twenty-eight paragraphs of General Allegations of the 
Second Amended Complaint in order to glean the abuse of process by Rothstein and others. 
Rothstein employed a team of investigators, approved litigation costs of $110,000 to $200,000 on 
the Epstein actions to advance the "massive fraud" on investors, assembled "investor groups," 
including to review the Epstein case files in a conference room. Id. ¶ II, et seq. In short, the 
"Epstein case files were being shown and touted to investors" for Rothstein to "close the deal with 
the investors, particularly here the magnitude of the potential settlements in the Epstein Actions 
was a key selling point." Id. at ¶ 25. Therefore, the elements of the tort of abuse of process can be 
perceived from the Second Amended Complaint. 
Rothstein also appears to argue that his illegal Ponzi-scheme activities are protected by the 
litigation privilege because three cases that were part of his Ponzi scheme were actual pending 
EFTA00808864
--- PAGE 9 ---
cases against Epstein. Such an argument is absurd on its face. The litigation privilege is not an 
absolute bar for any act occurring during the course of a judicial proceeding. Rather, acts that bear 
no relation to and are not in furtherance of the proceedings do not have immunity. Levin, 
Middlebrooks, Mabie, Thomas, Mayes & Mitchell, P.A. v. United States Fire Ins. Co., 639 So. 2d 
606, 608 (Fla. 1994); SCI Funeral Services of Florida, Inc. v. Henry, 839 So. 2d 702, 710 n. 4 
(Fla. 3d DCA 2002) (nothing that a cause of action for malicious prosecution is not barred by the 
litigation privilege). The Second Amended Complaint identifies numerous instances of conduct 
by Rothstein outside the parameters of the litigation privilege. 
Edwards likewise raised these arguments in his Motion to Dismiss. (Exhibit A.) The 
Court, however, disregarded those arguments and found that the allegations in the Second 
Amended Complaint were sufficient to plead a cause of action for abuse of process against 
Edwards. (Exhibit B.) The Court should similarly find that the allegations are sufficient against 
Rothstein as well. 
C. 
Dismissal with Prejudice is not Warranted 
Lastly, even if for some reason this Court should find merit in the claim that the Second 
Amended Complaint fails to state a cause of action for civil conspiracy, dismissal with prejudice 
would improperly deny Epstein the opportunity to allege additional facts to support his cause of 
action, something which should be denied only where the privilege to amend has been abused. See 
Gamma Dev. Corp. v. Steinberg, 621 So. 2d 718, 719 (Fla. 4th DCA 1993) ("Leave to amend 
should be liberally given and a dismissal with prejudice is not proper unless the privilege to amend 
has been abused, or it is clear that the pleading cannot be amended to state a cause of action."). 
Here, Epstein's Second Amended Complaint was filed in response to the Court's Order granting 
EFTA00808865
--- PAGE 10 ---
Edwards' Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint and giving Epstein leave to amend.4
Rothstein argues that Epstein's "6 year delay in pursuing his purported claim against Rothstein" 
has resulted in unreasonable and undue prejudice. Rothstein, himself, however, delayed moving 
to dismiss or taking any action in this case during the more than six years the Second Amended 
Complaint was pending, although his counsel was copied on all court filings. Furthermore, 
Rothstein did not articulate what "undue prejudice" he has suffered. 
This Court has now determined that Epstein's claims against Rothstein and Edwards' 
claims against Epstein will be tried separately. In a case such as this one, therefore, it can hardly 
be found that Epstein's request to file a Third Amended Complaint, should the Court grant 
Rothstein's Motion, would in any way be abusive. To the contrary, Rothstein's moving to dismiss 
more than six years after the Second Amended Complaint was filed -- through Edwards' counsel 
-- as a means to open issues so the claims could not be tried together, is the only "abuse" that has 
taken place. Rothstein and Edwards should not be "rewarded" for their own abusive tactics by 
dismissing the Second Amended Complaint with prejudice without leave to amend. 
CONCLUSION 
Based on the foregoing, Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that this Court deny 
Defendant Scott Rothstein's Motion to Dismiss. 
'While the Court granted Edwards' Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint, it gave Epstein 
leave to amend to plead with more specificity. Epstein did just that and the Second Amended 
Complaint withstood Edwards' Motion to Dismiss directed to it. 
EFTA00808866
--- PAGE 11 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document has been furnished to the attorneys listed on the 
Service List below on July 
2018, through the Court's e-filing portal pursuant to Florida Rule 
of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(1). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
(fax] 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (=a 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FB 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00808867
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for M,  E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for 
M
,
E.W. 
and Jane Doe 
EFTA00808868

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808869.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 1 of 27 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
IN RE: 
CASE NO. 09-34791-RBR 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, E., 
CHAPTER 11 
Debtor. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO FARMER. JAFFE, ET AL.'S 
MOTION FOR ISSUANCE OF AN ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE WHY FOWLER 
WHITE AND JEFFREY EPSTEIN SHOULD NOT BE HELD IN CONTEMPT OF 
COURT, TO PERMIT DISCOVERY, TO ASSESS SANCTIONS AND COSTS, AND FOR 
OTHER APPROPRIATE RELIEF 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein")' responds individually in opposition to the Motion for Issuance 
of an Order to Show Cause Why Fowler White and Jeffrey Epstein Should Not be Held in 
Contempt of Court, to Permit Discovery, to Assess Sanctions and Costs, and for Other Appropriate 
Relief filed by Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards & Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. ("Farmer Jaffe") (D.E. 
6326) and the Joinder filed by Interested Party Bradley Edwards ("Edwards") (D.E. 6325). 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
As both Farmer Jaffe and Edwards well knew before filing and joining the Motion to Show 
Cause, Epstein does not have and has never had the disc, or any copy thereof, that is the subject of 
their Motion. In fact, neither Fanner Jaffe nor Edwards make any such assertions against Epstein. 
Instead, they level speculative allegations against Fowler White as to a matter of which Epstein 
had absolutely no knowledge and over which he could not possibly have had any control. An 
assessment of sanctions against Epstein or any other relief for something Fowler White may or 
may not have done, without his knowledge or consent, is wholly inappropriate. 
'Fowler White Burnett, ■. ("Fowler White") has retained its own counsel. 
EFTA00808869
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 2 of 27 
The Court should not spend its valuable time and resources on this transparent and 
frivolous attempt to taint Epstein in order to divert attention from the fact that for eight years 
Edwards has flouted legitimate discovery requests by improperly withholding and concealing 
critical case-ending documents that fatally undermine his malicious prosecution counterclaim 
against Epstein in the Florida Circuit Court.' The "privilege" assertions that Edwards has raised 
have never been ruled upon and it would be a gross miscarriage of justice to allow Edwards to hide 
behind this Court's November 30, 2010, Order (D.E. 1194) because, as Edwards well knows, the 
documents which Edwards refused to produce to Epstein in violation of the Florida Rules of Civil 
Procedure and his duties as an officer of the court, directly contradict misrepresentations that 
Edwards has repeatedly made to the trial court and effectively eviscerate his case against Epstein. 
For this very reason, Epstein has filed a motion seeking an in camera review of these documents 
from the Honorable Donald W. Hafele in the State Court Action. (Exhibit 1, w/o exhibits.) 
INTRODUCTION 
A. 
The Agreed Order 
Farmer Jaffe's Motion is based on the November 30, 2010 Agreed Order which provides, 
in pertinent part: 
The law firm of Fowler White Burnett, P.A., will print a hard copy 
of all of the documents contained on the discs with Bates numbers 
added, and will provide a set of copied, stamped documents to the 
Special Master and an identical set to Farmer who will use same to 
create its privilege log. ... Fowler White will not retain any copies 
of the documents contained on the discs provided to it, nor shall any 
images or copies of said documents be retained in the memory of 
Fowler White's copiers. Should it be determined that Fowler White 
or Epstein retained images or copies of the subiect documents 
on its computer or otherwise, the Court retains jurisdiction to 
award sanctions in favor of Farmer, Brad Edwards or his client. ... 
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley Edwards, 15th Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach 
County Case No. 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXXMB-AG (the "State Court Action"). 
EFTA00808870
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 3 of 27 
(D.E. 1194.) First, the Agreed Order does not provide that if Fowler White retained images or 
copies of the documents that Epstein would be sanctioned for Fowler White's actions. That would, 
of course, make no sense. The sins of an attorney are not visited on the client under these 
circumstances. See In re Porto, 645 F.3d 1294, 1304 (11th Cir. 2011). Second, in late 2010 when 
Fowler White made copies of the disc, neither the disc nor any copies made at that time were 
provided to Epstein. Epstein did not receive and, therefore, could not retain, images or copies of 
the subject documents, and he had no knowledge that Fowler White had done so. Nor have Farmer 
Jaffe and Edwards asserted that Epstein did. Thus, it is abundantly clear that Epstein did not violate 
the Agreed Order and Farmer Jaffe and Edwards were well aware of this when they filed their 
frivolous Motion and Joinder. 
B. 
Link & Rockenbach. PA's Discovery of the Disc 
On November I, 2017, Link & Rockenbach, PA ("Link & Rockenbach") appeared as 
Epstein's trial counsel in the State Court Action. By that time, Epstein had previously been 
represented by a number of law firms, including Fowler White, whose representation of Epstein 
terminated almost six years ago in May 2012. As part of its due diligence, Link & Rockenbach 
reached out to the former law firms to review their records. On January 10, 2018, Link & 
Rockenbach reviewed Fowler White's files at its Miami, Florida offices. During that review, items 
were flagged for reproduction, including a disc labeled "Epstein Bate Stamp." Link & Rockenbach 
received copies of the flagged items from Fowler White on February 1, 2018 but did not begin 
reviewing the paper files until the week of February 12, 2018 and did not begin reviewing the disc 
until February 25, 2018. The disc contained approximately 27,000 pages of e-mails that were 
Bates stamped consecutively with no confidential, privilege or watermark designations. (See 
Affidavit of Tina L. Campbell as to Chain of Custody) (Exhibit 2). 
EFTA00808871
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 4 of 27 
When Link & Rockenbach appeared in the State Court Action, the only "production" it 
received was provided to it by Epstein's immediate former counsel (not Fowler White). That 
"production" consisted of a subset of documents produced on May 7, 2012, which contained 89 
documents (163 pages), 84 documents of which were identified on Farmer Jaffe's February 23. 
2011 privilege log and a few deposition exhibits. The May 7, 2012 production had been used in 
the State Court Action, including as evidence in summary judgment filings. Link & Rockenbach 
knew other production had been made because, in his October 2013 deposition, Bradley Edwards 
testified that he had reviewed 25,000-26,000 pages of e-mails that had been produced to Epstein. 
Specifically, when asked about an e-mail that was produced in the case, Edwards testified: 
I don't remember ever seeing this but it has a Bates stamp number 
which means that we turned it over. So going through 26.000 
pieces of paper, I must have seen it at some point in time during this 
case ... 
*** 
[The e-mails] came to me by — from the trustee, sometime — in 2011 
and then I forwarded them on to you guys. 
(Edwards' 10/10/13 Tr. 150:10-15; 155:14-18.)3
Of the 27,000+ pages on the disc, Link & Rockenbach reviewed approximately 5,000 
pages. The e-mails in that review were primarily among attorneys and staff within the Rothstein, 
Rosenfeldt and Adler firm ("RRA"), with Paul Cassell (Edwards' co-counsel) and with media 
sources. The e-mails that Link & Rockenbach reviewed were quite clearly not attorney-client 
privileged communications between Edwards and his three tort clients (M . M. or Jane Doe). 
Most significantly, numerous e-mails it reviewed were devastating to Edwards' case and 
contradicted both his sworn testimony and statements his counsel made to the court. As an 
Excerpts of Edwards' October 10, 2013, deposition transcript are attached as Exhibit 3. 
EFTA00808872
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 5 of 27 
officer of the court, Edwards took an oath to "never seek to mislead the judge or jury by any artifice 
or false statement of fact." 
Link & Rockenbach reviewed the state court's and bankruptcy court's files for a 
Confidentiality Stipulation or Order, searched former counsels' records, spoke with former counsel 
from Fowler White and asked Edwards' counsel (David Vitale) if he was aware of any 
confidentiality orders that would govern the use of exhibits at trial. Link & Rockenbach found 
reference to confidentiality discussions in 2011 that related to how the documents would be 
produced, but no Confidentiality Agreement had been signed. Furthermore, while Link & 
Rockenbach recognized that some of the documents were listed on Fanner Jaffe's privilege log, 
as set forth above, the documents Link & Rockenbach had in its possession (produced in May 
2012) were also listed on the privilege log so that did not cause Link & Rockenbach to believe it 
was in possession of documents that had not been produced in the case. 
Furthermore, as explained in more detail below, there were communications from Farmer 
Jaffe in February 2011 which represented that Fanner Jaffe was producing all "work product" 
documents for clients' claims that were no longer active. Edwards' three clients' claims settled in 
July 2010, so Link & Rockenbach properly (albeit incorrectly) assumed, based on Farmer Jaffe's 
misrepresentations, that Edwards' production included all work product for those clients. 
Link & Rockenbach shared key e-mails with its client and its client's general counsel, 
revised Epstein's Exhibit List to identify the newly discovered e-mails and, in support of a filing 
in the State Court Action in which Edwards was attempting to stop Epstein from using discovery 
learned in the State Court Action as evidence at trial, filed a summary of the key e-mails along 
with redacted copies of the e-mails themselves (replacing Edwards' clients' names with initials). 
EFTA00808873
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 6 of 27 
Importantly, neither Epstein nor Epstein's general counsel were ever provided with 
a copy of the disc nor did they ever review the disc's full contents. Rather, in 2018, Link & 
Rockenbach provided Epstein and his general counsel with certain of the key e-mails that 
were included in the Appendix filed in the State Court Action and some of the exhibits 
identified on Epstein's Clerk's Trial Exhibit List. Fowler White never provided Epstein or 
his general counsel with either the disc or documents that Edwards now claims are 
privileged. Nor did Epstein or his general counsel have any knowledge prior to 2018 of 
Fowler White's possession of the disc or those documents. Undeniably, there has been no 
violation by Epstein of this Court's Order. 
C. 
The State Court's March 8, 2018, Hearing 
At a hearing held on March 8, 2018, in the State Court Action, which included Edwards' 
Motion to Strike Epstein's Untimely Supplemental Exhibits and to Strike All Exhibits and Any 
Reference to Documents Containing Privileged Materials Listed on Edwards' Privilege Log, the 
state court found no fault with anything that Link & Rockenbach did: 
I have no problem and I don't think Mr. Scarola has any problem in 
terms of the fact that you all did your homework; albeit, from his 
position, late in the game, and secured this information from Fowler 
White. 
*** 
I'm not finding fault with anything you [Scott Link] or Miss 
Rockenbach or Miss Campbell did. That's not the issue. You've 
done your job. 
*** 
So I again want to make clear that I'm finding absolutely no fault 
with Mr. Link, Miss Rockenbach, Miss Campbell or anyone else 
from the Link and Rockenbach firm in terms of what they did, albeit 
in the manner in which they had to do it and the timing, 
unfortunately, of the matter from their perspective in having to do it 
EFTA00808874
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 7 of 27 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 32:6-10; 59:1-4; 61:15-21)4
Epstein engaged the former Ethics Director of The Florida Bar, Timothy Chinaris, to 
review the circumstances under which Link & Rockenbach discovered the disc and its contents 
and the actions it engaged in once that discovery was made. Mr. Chinaris came to the same 
conclusion as the state court. Specifically, Mr. Chinaris opined that the documents (disc) in 
question were not inadvertently provided to Link & Rockenbach by Edwards or wrongfully 
retained by Link & Rockenbach, that Link & Rockenbach did nothing wrong and that Link & 
Rockenbach acted in an ethical and proper manner in bringing the documents to the state court's 
attention. (Exhibit 5.) 
Because the trial was set for March 13, 2018, and the state court judge believed the exhibits 
were late disclosed, he would not entertain an in camera inspection of the 475 documents Edwards 
claimed were "privileged" on Epstein's Clerk's Trial Exhibit List. (3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 55.) The state 
court was also concerned about doing something potentially in derogation of a federal bankruptcy 
court's order or the potential extermination or derogation of a privilege and was "extremely 
reluctant to start taking" these issues into consideration just a few days before trial. (3/8/18 Aft. 
Tr. 54.) 
As to any documents that may be subject to this Court's November 30, 2010 Order which 
had not already been produced to Epstein, the Court also barred Epstein's counsel from referring 
to them at the trial: 
Mr. Epstein will be barred from referring to any of those records as 
it relates to the documents that were gathered from Fowler White or 
from any other source that would have included those records that 
The transcript of the March 8, 2018, afternoon hearing session is attached as Exhibit 4. 
s Edwards identified 49 e-mails he alleged were privileged from Epstein's Clerk's Trial Exhibit 
List, however, two of those e-mails were pages within other exhibits and the total number of' alleged 
"privileged" exhibits is 47. 
EFTA00808875
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 8 of 27 
were the subject of Judge Ray's order. So it's to preclude anything 
coming in through the back door which wouldn't be allowed through 
the front. 
(3/8/18, Aft. Tr. 75:24-76:6.) 
To address Edwards' and the Intervenors' concern, the state court also ordered no further 
dissemination of the documents (3/8/18, Aft. Tr. 78:8-9) and for a general blanket of 
confidentiality: 
As a general blanket order I would simply say that all attorneys who 
have or are representing Mr. Epstein shall be subject to this order of 
confidentiality, of sealing and of non-dissemination of any such 
information that is contemplated in any of the documents that are part 
of the umbrella order of Judge Ray. And that would include all of the 
exhibits that we spoke about today and that have been filed as a matter 
of record. 
(3/8/18, Aft. Tr. 79:9-18.) 
The state court and Edwards' counsel accepted Epstein's counsel's representations that 
select items from the disc were shared with Epstein, his general counsel, and an ethics expert, and 
that Epstein's current counsel and their trial team reviewed approximately 5,000 pages of the 
27,000+ page disc: 
And Mr. Link [Epstein's counsel] has already represented to the 
Court that other than Mr. Epstein and his co-counsel, that there have 
been no eyes laid upon these documents. Hence, I'm accepting that 
representation, as Mr. Scarola has accepted those representations 
during the hearing as well. 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 78:20-25.) 
While the state court found that Epstein could not use his newly identified exhibits because 
of their late disclosure, it noted that: 
... I've gotten a flavor for some of these documents that have been 
provided. ... And that is that they are detrimental to the position 
taken by Mr. Edwards and that they are helpful to the position taken 
by Mr. Epstein. 
EFTA00808876
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 9 of 27 
(3/8/18. Aft. Tr. 51:24-52:5.) 
D. 
Epstein's Compliance with the State Court's March 8, 2018, Oral Rulings 
The state court judge instructed Epstein's counsel not to further disseminate the documents, 
to file the disc under seal and, in order to preserve Epstein's appellate rights, to file the stricken 
exhibits under seal. Epstein has complied with those directions and done more. In fact, Epstein's 
counsel has taken the following steps in compliance with the state court's rulings: 
• 
Link & Rockenbach has not made any further dissemination of the 
documents, including those identified on the Appendix in Support 
of Epstein's Response in Opposition to Edwards' Second 
Supplement to Motion in Limine Addressing Scope of Admissible 
Evidence, the newly disclosed trial exhibits in which Edwards 
claims a privilege, or other documents from the disc that Edwards 
and the Intervenors have asserted privilege claims over. 
• 
Neither Epstein nor his general counsel were ever provided with a 
copy of the disc nor did they review or have access to the disc or the 
disc's contents. Epstein and his general counsel also never received 
the disc or alleged "privileged" documents from the Fowler White 
firm or any other former counsel. Rather, in 2018, Epstein and his 
general counsel were provided with select e-mails by Link & 
Rockenbach that were included in the Appendix or identified as trial 
exhibits. Immediately after the hearing on March 8, 2018, Link & 
Rockenbach notified its client, its client's general counsel (who was 
at the hearing), its co-counsel (Jack Goldberger, who was at the 
hearing), and its litigation team working on this matter to destroy all 
hard copies and electronic versions of the documents obtained from 
the disc. 
• 
Timothy Chinaris, the former Ethics Director of the Florida Bar who 
provided an expert affidavit, was also not provided with a copy of 
the disc but, rather, received a binder (in paper form) containing the 
unredacted Appendix. Mr. Chinaris was instructed to destroy the 
binder along with any electronic copies he may have had. Mr. 
Chinaris confirmed his compliance with this request. 
• 
Neither the disc nor any of its contents were ever provided to the 
Gunster firm or any of its attorneys nor were the contents of the disc 
ever discussed with them. 
EFTA00808877
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 10 of 27 
• 
On March 6, 2018, Epstein filed his Notice of No Objection to 
Attorney Paul Cassell, on Behalf of II., IIII. and Jane Doe, or 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards Moving to Seal 
Court Records Until the Court Makes a Determination on How the 
Documents Shall be Treated. 
Mr. Cassell's request was addressed, and granted by stipulation, at 
the March 8, 2018, hearing. 
Both Mr. Cassell and Edwards' 
counsel, however, failed to provide the state court with a proposed 
order at the hearing, which would have resulted in the immediate 
sealing of two docket entries that had not yet been opened to the 
public. While Mr. Cassell and Edwards' counsel had ample time 
during the hearing to have an Order prepared and signed by the 
Court, a proposed order was not circulated to Epstein's counsel until 
the following afternoon, Friday, March 9, 2018. Judge Hafele had 
made known to the parties that he would not be in Court on March 
9, 2018, because of the Bench Bar Conference, but he advised where 
he could be found, if needed. Nevertheless, the Fourth District 
Court of Appeal's stay was entered on March 9, 2018, within hours 
of the transmittal of the proposed order to Epstein's counsel. 
Furthermore, on the evening of March 9, 2018, the Clerk opened to 
the public the two docket entries that are at issue. 
During the weekend of March 10 and 11, 2018, Epstein's counsel 
worked tirelessly with Edwards' counsel to obtain emergency relief 
from the duty judge to seal the two docket entries at issue. The duty 
judge, however, deferred the matter to Judge Hafele. Accordingly, 
on the morning of March 12, 2018, Epstein's and Edwards' counsel 
went before the Court at 8:30 a.m. and obtained an Order, nunc pro 
tunc, sealing the two docket entries at issue. The Clerk then sealed 
the two docket entries which had been open to the public for more 
than 48 hours. 
• 
Link & Rockenbach destroyed its paper copy of the Redacted 
Appendix that was filed in the State Court Action and deleted the 
electronic filed version from its system. 
• 
Link & Rockenbach placed the Unredacted Appendix that was 
served but not filed in a sealed box that will be maintained in its 
office, unopened, for appellate purposes. 
• 
Link & Rockenbach placed an exhibit sticker on the trial exhibits 
that were newly disclosed on Epstein's March 5, 2018, Clerk's Trial 
Exhibit List which were printed from the disc and placed them and 
a copy of the disc in sealed envelopes. On March 21, 2018, the day 
EFTA00808878
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 11 of 27 
after the stay was lifted, Epstein moved to make those records 
confidential in accordance with the Florida Rules of Judicial 
Administration and the 15th Judicial Circuit's Administrative Order 
concerning sealing of documents. On April 6, 2018, the Court 
entered an Agreed Order Directing Clerk to Seal Filings and those 
records have now been filed under seal. Link & Rockenbach has 
retained a set of the exhibits in a sealed envelope in a sealed box 
maintained in its offices for appellate purposes. 
• 
With the exception of the trial exhibits and appendix items identified 
above which Link & Rockenbach is maintaining in a sealed box for 
appellate purposes, Link & Rockenbach has destroyed all hard 
copies of the documents it reproduced from the disc that Edwards 
has identified as privileged. 
• 
Link & Rockenbach placed Fowler White's original disc in a sealed 
envelope which will be maintained with Fowler White's original 
records at the offices of Link & Rockenbach until further rulings by 
the state court. 
• 
Link & Rockenbach will maintain control of the Fowler White 
boxes until further rulings by the state court. 
• 
Link & Rockenbach deleted the electronic duplicate of the disc and 
the electronic version of the alleged privileged exhibits from its 
computer system and Dropbox, the online service by which those 
documents were transmitted to counsel of record. 
• 
Link & Rockenbach began deleting electronic documents from its 
system and planned to work with IT personnel to remove copies of 
any documents Edwards and the Intervenors claimed as privileged 
from its e-mail servers. Although the state court specifically stated 
that it did not believe that a "fishing expedition" for discovery of 
Epstein's counsels' servers should be conducted at this juncture 
(3/8/18 Aft. Tr. 69:14-70:13), in an abundance of caution, and in 
light of Edwards' and the Intervenors' objection to the deletion of 
electronic documents, Link & Rockenbach has not taken further 
steps to delete electronic documents. 
A copy of Epstein's March 23, 2018, Updated Notice of Compliance filed in the State Court 
Action is attached as Exhibit 6. 
EFTA00808879
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 12 of 27 
E. 
An In Camera Review Has Been Requested 
In its Motion to Show Cause, Farmer Jaffe alleges that it produced 21,282 pages of e-mails to 
Epstein. (Mot. 119.) As set forth above, at least 84 documents produced by Edwards in May 2012 
were on Farmer Jaffe's privilege log. Because Link & Rockenbach is new to the case, it has made 
repeated requests to Edwards' counsel to identify by Bates numbers the documents Edwards has 
allegedly produced so it could compare those documents to the documents Edwards now claims were 
inappropriately obtained. Edwards' counsel, however, has refused multiple requests to provide that 
information. 
As set forth more fully below, the privilege assertions have never been ruled upon. Because 
all of the lawyers in this case have ethical obligations to our profession to bring the truth to light, 
Epstein has filed a request for an in camera review of the subject documents in the State Court 
Action. (Exhibit 1.) 
HISTORICAL BACKGROUND 
Farmer Jaffe's historical background is inflammatory, incomplete and inaccurate. As with 
other court filings, they are designed to evoke an extremely negative emotional reaction to Epstein 
and his counsel in order to overcome the complete lack of legal justification for the relief requested. 
The focus of this Court, however, should not be on those misstatements, but in recognizing that 
there is absolutely no basis for any relief against Epstein and that Edwards should have turned over 
all work product on the disc, after agreeing to do so and representing that he had done so, and, in 
any event, he certainly should do so now. There are no pending cases and, as to the attorney-client 
privilege, no privilege determination has ever been made. Of the 5,000 pages that Link & 
Rockenbach reviewed, there are none as to which the attorney-client privilege applies, and an in 
camera review by the state court, already properly requested by Epstein, is in order to confirm 
EFTA00808880
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 13 of 27 
this, as well as the absence and/or waiver of any work-product protection applicable to the 47 e-
mails improperly claimed by Edwards to be privileged 
A. 
Subpoenas to RRA's Trustee 
Epstein served three Subpoenas upon RRA's Trustee: 
i. 
First Subpoena: The First Subpoena to the Trustee, served in April 2010, 
sought a broad range of documents, including e-mails from RRA's server. (Exhibit 7.) Neither 
Fanner Jaffe nor Edwards objected to that Subpoena but, rather, Edwards served a Request for 
Copies. This Court appointed a Special Master (former Broward County Circuit Judge Robert 
Carney) to assist the Trustee in preparing a privilege log. (D.E. 888.) The Special Master sought 
clarification of the Court's Order and was ultimately allowed to let Farmer Jaffe prepare the 
privilege log. (D.E. 1013.) The Special Master was then tasked with ruling upon the claimed 
privileges. (D.E. 1068.) The Special Master was heavily involved in privilege and production 
issues relating to the First Subpoena from August 2010 until April 2011. The Special Master 
recognized that he was not making a determination upon Edwards' overbreadth objections because 
Edwards did not timely raise them and, therefore, Edwards was required to prepare a privilege log. 
(3/15/11 Special Master Meeting Tr. 39-42) (Exhibit 8). The Special Master also recognized that 
it was the state court judge who would be making evidentiary rulings. (D.E. 1570.) Unfortunately, 
the Special Master never completed his work. 
Fanner Jaffe served its first deficient privilege log in January 2011, which merely 
identified more than 6,000 Bates numbers with one broad privilege claim that applied to all of the 
documents. (D.E. 1441-3.) The Special Master suggested that his work would be better served if 
the parties could limit the number of "privilege" items at issue and he suggested Farmer Jaffe 
prepare a better privilege log. (D.E. 1570.) 
EFTA00808881
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 14 of 27 
Edwards has expressly, on multiple occasions, waived work product privileges. On 
February 2, 2011, in negotiating the preparation of the privilege log, Farmer Jaffe informed 
Epstein's counsel and the Special Master that it would omit from the log any work product 
privilege objections: "All work product materials will be turned over to Plaintiff except for 
materials related to new or ongoing cases AND on the condition that they be produced "For 
Attorneys' Eyes Only." (Exhibit 9.) Farmer Jaffe told the Special Master he would then only 
need to review and make privilege determinations as to work product materials for existing cases 
and attorney-client privilege materials. Id. 
Farmer Jaffe confirmed this agreement more than once: 
[February 9, 2011] "We also have 2 more boxes that contain work 
product materials that we will turn over subject to the agreement 
that Plaintiff will not assert any privilege has been waived by turning 
them over now, and further subject to the agreement that they be 
produced 'For Attorneys' Eyes Only."' (Exhibit 10.) 
[February 16, 2011] Fanner: "Do you still want to do the attorney's 
eyes only? Do you want to speed it up or not? You'll get work-
product stuff if you agree to the attorney's-eyes only." Epstein's 
counsel confirmed their agreement. (Exhibit 11.) 
This representation was significant. At the time Farmer Jaffe made this representation to 
Epstein, the three cases Edwards had been litigating against Epstein while he was Rothstein's 
partner at RRA had long been settled (in July 2010). Thus, based on Fanner Jaffe's representation, 
Edwards was supposed to have produced all e-mails reflecting work product pertaining to the three 
closed Epstein cases because they did not pertain to "new or ongoing cases." While at the time 
of the production Edwards had other clients who had claims against Epstein, those, too, have now 
long been settled', and none of those claims remain pending against Epstein. 
"Edwards settled his last clients' claims against Epstein in August 2011. 
EFTA00808882
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 15 of 27 
On February 23, 2011, Farmer Jaffe served a new privilege log (Exhibit 12) and 
produced to Epstein documents it deemed "irrelevant" and documents it deemed "work product." 
The new log was still legally deficient and identified many documents as "work product" although 
Farmer Jaffe agreed to produce all work product for claims that were no longer pending as 
"Attorneys' Eyes Only." In other words, any "work product" relating to Edwards' three clients, 
whose claims were settled with Epstein in 2010 should have been produced under the parties' 
agreement with the February 2011 production -- however, it now seems that only select items were 
produced, and any inculpatory work product was specifically withheld. 
The parties were simultaneously going before the state court seeking various relief 
concerning production and privilege issues while seeking the Special Master's guidance at the 
Bankruptcy Court level. On February 24, 2011, Edwards filed a Motion for Protective Order in 
the State Court Action objecting to the Second Subpoena to the Trustee (discussed below). In that 
Motion, Edwards claimed as to the production with regard to the First Subpoena that: 
Pursuant to this first request, the Trustee turned over more than 
27,000 pages of email to the Defendant that the Trustee identified 
as being responsive to Epstein's request. 
Edwards and his 
counsel reviewed all of the email that was turned over. The 
document review clearly demonstrates that the vast majority of 
email was absolutely irrelevant to any action Epstein is 
purportedly pursuing. 
(2/24/11, Edwards' Motion for Protective Order, 11 5-6) (Exhibit 13). The limited review of the 
documents on the disc, however, show this contention to be false and that the documents are, 
rather, highly relevant. 
The parties continued to fight over the compliance of the log before the Special 
Master. At the March 15, 2011, meeting with the Special Master, Edwards' counsel claimed: 
The situation we have here is one where we have turned over the 
documents themselves for in-camera inspection. They are available 
EFTA00808883
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 16 of 27 
to you [Special Master]. You can look at them. We have told you 
to turn over anything and everything that you think is relevant, 
material, not privileged by attorney-client privilege, not work 
product. Give it to them. 
*** 
We have waived our right to have the defense establish a prima facie 
showing for an in-camera inspection, the inadequacies that they are 
arguing exists in the privilege log become absolutely irrelevant. 
(3/15/11, Meeting with Special Master Tr. 43, 45-46) (Exhibit 8). 
At that same meeting, the Special Master pointed out: 
As I go through many of these things, many of these things at least 
on their face to me don't appear to be privileged at all. 
*** 
I'm saying a lot of this stuff, probably the majority of it, can be 
either eliminated as it's not privileged and it is discoverable or it's 
not. I'm not looking to raise at this point or to rule on relevancy 
objections. 
(3/15/11, Meeting with Special Master Tr. 65-66; 70-71) (Exhibit 8). 
Instead of requiring a new log, the Special Master set an in camera review with 
counsel for April 6, 2011. (D.E. 1570.) The Special Master planned to review each and every 
document identified on the privilege log and make a privilege determination on a document-by-
document basis. For those documents where there was a dispute, he was going to hold a second 
hearing on evidentiary issues. (Exhibit 8, pp. 80-81.) Unfortunately, that in camera review never 
took place because the state court entered an Order on a non-party's Motion for Protective Order 
which stayed the Subpoena to the Trustee, and the Trustee did no further work. (Exhibit 14.) 
In any event, the state court found that issues concerning evidence that would be 
used in the State Court Action should be brought before the state court. (Exhibit 15.) The parties 
went before the state court on multiple occasions concerning the privilege issue. On at least three 
EFTA00808884
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 17 of 27 
occasions, Edwards' counsel suggested that Edwards had "nothing to hide" and also suggested that 
the state court conduct an in camera inspection: 
As much as we might like to take all of this and put it on the floor in 
the courtroom for Your Honor and everybody else in the world to 
take a look at because we have nothing to hide we can't do that. 
(7/13/11 Tr. 58) (Exhibit 16). 
And what we have repeatedly said is if we could take all of these 
documents and lay them out on the floor in the courtroom for 
anybody in the world to look at, we'd be happy to do that because 
we've got nothing to hide. We'll produce them to Your Honor 
to conduct an in camera inspection of whatever you want to 
inspect in camera because we have nothing to hide, but we don't [] 
have the right or the ability to waive our clients' privilege. We 
cannot do that. 
(4/16/12 Tr. 21) (Exhibit 17). 
...we're not attempting to hide anything. You want to conduct an in-
camera inspection, we want you to conduct an in-camera 
inspection because it will confirm that we're not attempting to 
hide anything. 
(3/8/18, Aft. Tr. 15) (Exhibit 4.) 
Epstein also continued to argue that Farmer Jaffe's privilege log was non-compliant 
with TIG Ins. Corp. v. Johnson, 799 So. 2d 339 (Ha. 4th DCA 2001) and that Edwards waived 
any privilege claims by issue injection and because he produced the same documents contained on 
the disc to Razorback's counsel. See Epstein's February 8, 2012, Motion to Compel Production 
of Documents from Edwards and for Sanctions. (Exhibit 18.) 
On May 7, 2012, the state court found that Fanner Jaffe's privilege log was 
insufficient on its face and did not comply with the requirements of Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 
1.280(b)(5) [now (6)] and TIG Ins. Corp. (Exhibit 19.) Although on August 17, 2012, the state 
court vacated the May 7, 2012, Order, its August 17, 2012, Order continued to direct Edwards to 
EFTA00808885
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 18 of 27 
produce a privilege log that complied with Rule 1.280(b)(5) and TIC Ins. Corp. (Exhibit 20.) 
Edwards, however, failed to do so. Furthermore, because the state court would not continue the 
hearing on Edwards' Motion for Summary Judgment until Epstein obtained the documents that 
Edwards had been avoiding producing for years, Epstein elected to dismiss his claims against 
Edwards without prejudice. The validity of Edwards' and Farmer Jaffe's "privilege" assertions 
were, therefore, never resolved or found by the state court to be valid. 
ii. 
Second Subpoena. Epstein served a Second Subpoena upon the Trustee in 
January 2011 in the State Court Action. (Exhibit 21.) That Subpoena was limited to e-mail 
communications between RRA and law enforcement. The Trustee gathered approximately 10,000 
pages in response to that Subpoena. Edwards, however, moved the state court for a protective 
order. On July 14, 2011, the state court found that the Second Subpoena was overbroad. (Exhibit 
22.) Epstein then sought to modify the request for specific communication with law enforcement 
and media. On April 10, 2012, the state court allowed the modification, finding the request sought 
relevant documents or documents likely to lead to admissible evidence. 
(Exhibit 23.) 
Importantly, the Second Subpoena did not replace the First Subpoena but, rather, was in addition 
to it. 
iii. 
Third Subpoena. On April 12, 2012, Epstein served his Third (modified) 
Subpoena upon the Trustee, seeking the discovery relating to communications with law 
enforcement and media as allowed by the state court's April 10, 2012, Order. (Exhibit 24.) Again, 
this did not replace the First Subpoena, but sought documents in addition to it. On May 30, 2012 
(originally May 15, 2012), Epstein moved to compel on this Subpoena because Edwards only made 
a partial production with three or four reporters whom he communicated with and not all of them. 
(Exhibit 25.) The documents produced by Edwards on May 7, 2012 (identified above) were 
EFTA00808886
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 19 of 27 
responsive to this Subpoena and included at least 84 documents that were identified on the 
privilege log. Nevertheless, documents were identified in Link & Rockenbach's limited review of 
the disc that show additional communications with the media exist but were improperly withheld 
from production by Edwards. 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
Epstein Cannot Be Held Accountable for Fowler N\ bite's Actions 
Epstein did not violate this Court's Order and he should not be held in contempt for any 
allegations of misconduct by Fowler White, his former counsel from six years ago, when Epstein 
had no knowledge of Fowler White's actions, was completely unaware of them and could not have 
consented and did not consent to them. Epstein was never provided with a copy of the disc at 
issue, and he only recently learned of the disc's existence and its contents. Neither Farmer Jaffe 
nor Edwards have made any allegations to the contrary. 
As stated by the Eleventh Circuit in In re Porto, 645 F.3d 1294, 1304 (11th Cir. 2011), 
"While a client may be made to suffer litigation losses because of her attorney's missteps, [courts] 
reject[ ] the notion that an innocent client must also suffer sanctions because of misconduct by her 
attorney that is not fairly attributable to her. Without more, the rule that the sins of the lawyer are 
visited on the client does not apply in this context, and a court must specify conduct of the plaintiff 
herself that is bad enough to subject her to sanctions." Id. Accord Cables v. SMI Sec. Mgmt., Inc., 
No. 10-CIV-24613, 2012 WL 12863234, at *11 (S.D. Fla. June 26, 2012) ("Simply put, the 
Plaintiffs have failed to meet their burden of showing by clear and convincing evidence that the 
Defendant SMI or Karina Aponte engaged in contemptuous conduct regarding the production of 
bank records in this action. In addition, the undersigned concludes that even if the Plaintiffs had 
established a prima facie case of contempt, based upon the undisputed testimony of Ms. Aponte 
EFTA00808887
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 20 of 27 
and the record as a whole, sanctions for civil contempt are not appropriate in this case."). See also 
Atkinson v. Volusia Cty. Sch. Bd., No. 615CV619ORL40DCI, 2016 WL 6524410, at *1, 3 (M.D. 
Fla. Nov. 3, 2016): 
This cause comes before the Court on Defendant's Motion for 
Award of Attorney's Fees and Costs ... . Plaintiff has not responded 
to Defendant's motion within the time permitted. Upon 
consideration, the Court will grant Defendant's motion and award 
$3,820.55 in attorney's fees and costs as a sanction for Plaintiffs 
failure to attend her deposition. 
D. Whether Plaintiff or Her Attorney Shall Pay the Amounts Owed. 
As a final matter, the Court must determine who will pay the 
amounts awarded to Defendant. Rule 37(d)(3) permits the Court to 
assess the award against the party who failed to act, the party's 
attorney, or both. However while an attorney's misconduct can 
certainly be imputed to her client for the purpose of imposing 
sanctions, courts should be reluctant to sanction the client 
where the client is not responsible for the attorney's 
misconduct. See In re Hill, 775 F.2d 1385, 1387 (9th Cir. 1985) 
(per curiam). 
Here, there is no record evidence indicating that Plaintiff 
engaged in misconduct or directed her attorney to engage in the 
conduct which has caused this Court to impose sanctions. 
Indeed, at the Rule 16 hearing, Plaintiffs attorney assumed full 
responsibility for the conduct at issue and requested that any 
monetary award be assessed against her rather than against her 
client. The Court therefore finds that all amounts should be 
assessed against Plaintiffs attorney. 
(Emphasis added.) 
Accordingly, to the extent this Court determines Fowler White violated the Agreed Order 
and awards sanctions, those sanctions should not be against Epstein. 
B. 
The Court's Contempt Powers 
"Bankruptcy courts have statutory contempt powers deriving from section 105 of the 
Bankruptcy Code." In re Rhodes, 563 B.R. 380, 387 (Bankr. M. Fla. 2017) (citing Hardy v. 
EFTA00808888
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 21 of 27 
United States (In re Hardy), 97 F.3d 1384, 1389 (11th Cir. 1996)). However, "[a] party seeking 
civil contempt sanctions for another's violation of a court order must establish by clear and 
convincing evidence: '(1) the allegedly violated order was valid and lawful; (2) the order was clear, 
definite and unambiguous; and (3) the alleged violator had the ability to comply with the order.'" 
Id. (quoting McGregor v. Chierico, 206 F.3d 1378, 1383 (11th Cir. 2000)) (emphasis added). 
Sanctions imposed for civil contempt cannot be punitive in nature. Jove Eng'g, Inc. v. I.R.S., 92 
F.3d 1539, 1558 (11th Cir. 1996). 
"In the context of civil contempt, the clear and convincing standard requires a quantum of 
proof adequate to demonstrate 'reasonable certainty' that a violation occurred." Levin v. Tiber 
Holding Corp., 277 F.3d 243, 250 (2d Cir. 2002) (citation omitted). "[S]uspicions do not rise to 
the level of clear and convincing evidence," and ambiguous cases must be construed in favor of 
the alleged contemnor. See Ford v. Kammerer, 450 F.2d 279, 280 (3rd Cir. 1971) ("The long-
standing, salutary rule in contempt cases is that ambiguities and omissions in orders redound to 
the benefit of the person charged with contempt."); Accord Frankford Trust v. Allanoff, 29 B.R. 
407, 410 (D.C.E.D. Pa. 1983). 
If "a prima facie showing of a violation has been made, the burden of production shifts to 
the alleged contemnor, who may defend his failure on the grounds that he was unable to comply." 
Commodity Futures Trading Comm'n v. Wellington Precious Metals, Inc., 950 F.2d 1525, 1529 
(11th Cir. 1992) (citing United States v. Rylander, 460 U.S. 752, 757 (1983) ("Where compliance 
is impossible, neither the moving party nor the court has any reason to proceed with the civil 
contempt action. . . .")). Upon a sufficient showing by the alleged contemnor, the burden shifts 
back to the initiating party. Id. "The party seeking to show contempt, then, has the burden of 
Korman v. Gray, No. 13-80031-CIV, 2015 WL 195508, at *5 (S.D. Fla. Jan. 14, 2015). 
EFTA00808889
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 22 of 27 
proving ability to comply." Id. (citing Combs v. Ryan's Coal Co., 785 F.2d 970, 984 (11th Cir.), 
cert. denied, 479 U.S. 853 (1986) ("The party seeking the contempt citation retains the ultimate 
burden of proof  . .")) (emphasis added). 
Here, Fanner Jaffe and Edwards have not met their initial burden of proving by clear and 
convincing evidence that Epstein did not comply with the terms of any Order of this Court. Epstein 
has never seen or reviewed the disc that is the subject of Fanner Jaffe's Motion. In fact, neither 
Epstein nor Epstein's general counsel was ever provided with a copy of the disc nor did they ever 
review the disc's full contents. Rather, only recently in 2018, Link & Rockenbach provided 
Epstein and his general counsel with the key e-mails that were included in the Appendix filed in 
the State Court Action and some of the exhibits identified on Epstein's Clerk's Trial Exhibit List.' 
Fowler White never provided Epstein or his general counsel with either the disc or documents that 
Edwards now claims are privileged. 
"Civil contempt orders may serve either or both of two purposes: compensation of the 
complainant for losses sustained by the contemnor's failure to comply with court instructions; and 
coercion of the contemnor into compliance." Gibraltar Metals, LLC, 2008 WL 11331995, at *1 
(citing Jove Engineering, Inc. v. IRS, 92 F.3d 1539, 1546 n.4 (11th Cir. 1996) (citing Local 28, 
Sheet Metal Workers' Intl Ass 'n v. EEOC, 478 U.S. 421, 443 (1986)). "[Neither of the purposes 
of civil contempt would appear to be served by entry of a contempt order in this case. [Fanner 
Jaffe] does not argue that it has suffered substantial losses due to [Epstein's] alleged conduct; nor, 
given [Epstein's] response, is there an apparent need for a further court order to coerce [Epstein] 
"Parties may obtain discovery regarding any nonprivileged matter that is relevant to any 
party's claim or defense . . . . Information within this scope of discovery need not be admissible in 
evidence to be discoverable." Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(1); see also Hickman v. Taylor, 329 U.S. 495 (1947) 
(relevancy in discovery should be broadly and liberally construed). 
EFTA00808890
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 23 of 27 
into compliance." See id. Indeed, Epstein has fully complied with the Order to the extent that he 
possibly can—again, having never even seen or reviewed the disc that is the subject of Fanner 
Jaffe's Motion. 
C. 
Waiver of Privilege 
A privilege determination of the documents identified on Fanner Jaffe's privilege log has 
never been made — neither by this Court, the Special Master nor the state court. The alleged 
"privileged" documents contained on the disc which are the subject of Farmer Jaffe's Motion and 
which Epstein has identified as trial exhibits are critically relevant to the issues of the State Court 
Action and directly contradict Edwards' sworn testimony and representations his counsel has 
repeatedly made to the state court. 
Furthermore, they are not attorney-client privileged 
communications. At most, at one point in time, they may have been protected by the work-product 
doctrine. Farmer Jaffe, however, waived that protection: (1) when it agreed to produce all "work 
product" documents for cases that were no longer pending; (2) by producing the same documents 
to a third-party (Conrad, Scherer - Razorback's counsel); and (3) by issue injection. Epstein has 
recently requested an in camera review from the state court to address those issues. See Exhibit 
1. 
In addition, Fanner Jaffe and Edwards may have also waived the work-product protections 
by the crime-fraud exceptions. On March 23, 2018, the United States Court of Appeals for the 
Eleventh Circuit issued an opinion in the matter of DI inumond Co., Inc. v. Conrad & Scherer, 
LLP, No. 2: 11-cv-03695-RDP-TMP (11th Cir.). (Exhibit 26.) In that case, the Eleventh Circuit 
held that the crime-fraud exception may apply to overcome a law firm's claim of work-product 
protection for materials related to lawsuits where the firm served as counsel, despite the fact that 
its clients were innocent of wrongdoing. 
EFTA00808891
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 24 of 27 
Drummond sued Conrad, Scherer and one of its partners for defamation and sought 
discovery about witness payments. (Op. at 7.) Drummond sought to use the crime-fraud exception 
to overcome Conrad, Scherer's claim of attorney-client and work product protection over 
documents in their case files. (Op. at II.) The district court determined that the crime-fraud 
exception may apply, ordered a special master to review the contested documents in camera that 
Conrad, Scherer and the partner claimed were privileged or work product protected, and certified 
its Order for immediate appeal. (Op. at 15.) 
On appeal, the Eleventh Circuit reiterated that "the crime-fraud exception removes the `seal 
of secrecy' from attorney-client communications or work product materials when they are made 
in furtherance of an ongoing or future crime or fraud." (Op. at 19 citing United States v. Zolin, 
491 U.S. 554, 563 (1989).) 
Following earlier precedent in Parrott v. Wilson, 707 F.2d 1262, 1271 (11th Cir. 1983), the 
Eleventh Circuit affirmed the part of the district court's order determining that the crime-fraud 
exception may be applied because an attorney's illegal or fraudulent conduct may, alone overcome 
attorney work-product protection. (Op. at 23-24.) The court also relied on Moody v. I.R.S., 654 
F.2d 795 (D.C. Cir. 1981), as it did in Parrott, in recognizing that the client's innocence, where 
the attorney is accused of misconduct, does not absolutely bar the application of the crime-fraud 
exception to materials shielded by the work product doctrine. Instead, it requires the court to apply 
a balancing test to weigh the client's legitimate interest in secrecy against the reasons for 
disclosure. (Op. at 25-26.) The court resolved the pure legal issue by holding that "the crime-
fraud exception may be applied to eliminate work product protection based on attorney misconduct 
when the client is innocent." (Op. at 26-27.) The court directed that, `loin remand, under the 
district court's order, the special master will perform an in camera review of certain categories of 
EFTA00808892
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 25 of 27 
documents that Conrad, Scherer and [the partner] contend are protected by the attorney-client 
privilege or work-product protection." (Op. at 27, n. 14.) 
These issues, however, are for the state court to decide and should not be injected into the 
only issue pending before this Court, which is the alleged violation by Epstein of this Court's 
Order. 
CONCLUSION 
Epstein respectfully requests that Fanner Jaffe's Motion for sanctions and other relief and 
Edwards' Joinder against Epstein be denied. Furthermore, Epstein requests a finding that the 
discovery Fanner Jaffe seeks is improper and unnecessary and should not be allowed. Epstein has 
requested an in camera inspection from the state court which should resolve the alleged privilege 
claims as this Court originally contemplated should have taken place. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on April 9, 2018, a true and correct copy of the foregoing was 
served electronically to all registered users on the CM/ECF system, which includes counsel 
identified on the service list below. 
RICE PUGATCH ROBINSON STORFER & 
COHEN, PLLC 
101 ■. Third Avenue, Suite 1800 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tel: 
[fax] 
By: Is! Chad 
CHAD P. PUGATCH 
BN 
- AND - 
EFTA00808893
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 26 of 27 
I hereby certify that I am admitted to the Bar of the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to practice in this 
Court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
[fax] 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach FL 33409 
Counsel for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Brittany N. Henderson 
Edwards Pottinger LW 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale FL, 33301-3268 
Counsel for Fanne Ja
e, Weissing, Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, 
Paul G. Cassell 
Peter E. Shapiro 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of 
Shapiro Law 
Utah 
8551 West Sunrise Boulevard, Suite 3000 
332 S. University St. 
Plantation FL 33322 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
Counsel for 
, 
and Jane Doe 
Counsel for 
, 
and Jane Doe 
Niall T. McLachlan 
Isaac M. Marcushamer 
Carlton Fields Jorden Burt, 
Berger Singerman LLP 
100 S.E. Second Street, Suite 4200 
1450 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1900 
Miami FL 33131 
Miami FL 33131 
Counsel for Fowler White Burnett,.. 
Counsel for Liquidating Trustee 
EFTA00808894
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6351 Filed 04/09/18 
Page 27 of 27 
EXHIBITS TO EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE TO MOTION TO SHOW CAUSE 
Ex. 
Date 
Document 
4/4/18 
Epstein's Supplement to Motion for Court to Declare Relevance and 
Non-Privileged Nature of Documents and with Specific Request for In 
Camera Review to Determine Relevance, Inapplicability and/or 
Waiver of Attorney-Client Privilege and Attorney Work Product With 
Regard to Sealed Documents (without exhibits) 
3/7/18 
Affidavit of Tina L. Campbell as to Chain of Custody of Disc 
10/10/13 
Excerpts of Bradley Edwards Deposition Transcript, pp. III, 150, 155 
3/8/18 
Hearing Transcript, Afternoon Session 
3/7/18 
Affidavit of Timothy P. Chinaris 
3/23/18 
Epstein's Updated Notice of Compliance 
4/16/10 
Subpoena Duces Tecum for Deposition — Documents Only to Herbert 
Stettin, Trustee 
3/15/11 
Excerpt of Meeting With Special Master, pp. 1, 2, 39-46, 65-66; 70-71, 
80-81 
2/2/11 
Email from Farmer Jaffe 
2/9/11 
Email from Fanner Jaffe 
2/16/11 
Transcript Excerpt of Meeting with Special Master, p. 1, 41 
2/23/11 
Farmer Jaffe's Privilege Log 
2/24/11 
Edwards' Motion for Protective Order 
3/30/11 
Order on Notice of Limited Appearance to File Motion for Protective 
Order and Objections to Subpoena for Joint Privilege Documents 
1/31/11 
Order on Defendant Edwards' Motion to Stay Subpoena, Etc. 
7/13/11 
Excerpt of Hearing Transcript, p. 58 
4/16/12 
Excerpt of Hearing Transcript, p. 21 
2/8/12 
Epstein's Motion to Compel Production of Documents from Edwards 
and for Sanctions 
5/7/12 
Order on Epstein's Motion to Compel Production of Documents from 
Edwards and for Sanctions 
8/17/12 
Order on Outstanding Discovery Motions 
1/3/11 
Subpoena for Deposition Duces Tecum to Herbert Stettin, Trustee 
7/14/11 
Order on Defendant's Motion for Protective Order in Regard to the 
Deposition Duces Tecum of Records Custodian and Trustee Herbert 
Stettin 
4/10/12 
Order on Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Compel and Amend 
Protective Order 
4/12/12 
Subpoena Duces Tecum Without Deposition to Herbert Stettin 
5/30/12 
Plaintiff's Amended Motion to Compel Discovery Responses and for 
Sanctions 
3/23/18 
Opinion; Drummond Co., Inc. v. Conrad & Scherer, LLP, No. 2:11-cv-
03695-RDP-TMP (1 I th Cir.) 
EFTA00808895

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808896.pdf
----------------------------------------
At 
till 
HOTEL 
Henry at Life Hotel 
Revenue Statement 
Rent Calculation 
March-2018 
REVENUE 
Less: 
Food Revenue 
Beverage Revenue 
Other Revenue 
$ 100,475.63 
$ 117,548.76 
Total Revenue 
Credit Card Fees 
Adjusted Sales 
17% Percent Rent Due 
Certified by: 
$ 218,024.39 
$ 
6,120.85 
$ 211,903.54 
$ 
36,023.60 
Ian Hochhauser, Chief Financial Officer 
Henry at Life Hotel 
EFTA00808896

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808897.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Attorney General Thomas-Jacobs: 
We represent Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, who is registered on the U.S. Virgin Islands sex offender 
registry. We have received a copy of your March 14, 2019 letter regarding substantial additional 
requirements that you now seek to impose on Mr. Epstein in connection with his future travel 
notification to your office, and I have several questions regarding those requirements that I would 
like to discuss with you in person. I addition, I think it is important that you be made aware of 
recent events relating to Mr. Epstein's efforts, prior to the issuance of your March 14, 2019 letter, 
to notify your office regarding his international and domestic travel. 
In accordance with the procedures authorized by Attorney General Frazer in August 2012, 
Mr. Epstein gave proper email notice on February 16, 2019 to Ms. Shani Pinney, the Territorial 
Sexual Offender Registry Program Manager, of his intended to travel for a day trip to the 
Dominican Republic on February 19, 2019. Mr. Epstein's attorney, Darren Indyke, was copied on 
that email notice, and received the email at the same time Mr. Epstein sent it to Ms. Pinney. See 
Exhibit 1 attached. That notice included all international travel information that Ms. Pinney 
previously advised was necessary in order for her to give international jurisdictions the required 
advance notice of Mr. Epstein's arrival. 
Mr. Epstein also emailed Ms. Pinney on February 18, 2019 reminding her of his obligation 
to annually renew his registration on March 5 and advising that after leaving at noon on February 
19, 2019, Mr. Epstein anticipated being outside of the Territory until March 20, 2019. He inquired 
in his email as to whether Ms. Pinney preferred for Mr. Epstein to renew his registration before he 
left the next day or after he returned on March 20, 2019. Attorney Indyke was also copied on that 
email, and also received it when Mr. Epstein emailed it to Ms. Pinney. See Exhibit 2 attached. 
Ms. Pinney did not respond to either of these emails, although Mr. Epstein specifically requested 
in each email that she do so. 
Despite Mr. Epstein's timely and proper notice to Ms. Pinney of his travel to the Dominican 
Republic, Ms. Pinney failed to provide the Dominican Republic with advance notice of Mr. 
Epstein's travel. As result, upon Mr. Epstein's arrival at the Dominican Republic on February 19, 
2019, he was detained for several hours and ultimately denied entry. Having been refused entry, 
Mr. Epstein then traveled to his vacation home in Palm Beach, Florida, as his February 16, 2019 
email notice advised he would do. 
On February 21, 2019 at 9:57PM (EST), Attorney Indyke, notified Ms. Pinney of a 
modification to Mr. Epstein's travel plans. As authorized by the travel notification procedures in 
effect prior to your March 14, 2019 letter, because Mr. Epstein was traveling and no longer in the 
Territory at that time, Attorney Indyke provided the changes to Mr. Epstein's itinerary by email to 
Ms. Pinney. See Exhibit 3 attached. All of the required information, including the required 
information for international travel, was included in that email, along with a request that Ms. 
Pinney confirm receipt of the same. Ms. Pinney did not respond to this request. 
Six days after Mr. Epstein's February 16, 2019 email travel notice to Ms. Pinney, and well 
after Mr. Epstein had been detained and refused entry to the Dominican Republic, Ms. Pinney 
EFTA00808897
--- PAGE 2 ---
responded for the first time. By email on February 22, 2019 at 9:11AM (AST), Ms. Pinney first 
advised that: 
I am only now responding because I have been out of the office. Please note that an 
appointment is not needed to fulfill your registration obligation. 
In the future, report in person to DOJ to register and there will be Investigators that 
can assist in my absence. 
Also, I have not received your travel details. As you are aware these details must 
be provided prior to your departure. Please provide by the end of business day. 
See Exhibit 4 attached. Five minutes later, at 9:16AM (EST), Mr. Epstein re-sent to Ms. Pinney 
the email travel notice that he sent to Ms. Pinney on February 16, 2019 and copied Attorney Indyke 
on the email he re-sent to Ms. Pinney. See Exhibit 5. Ms. Pinney responded at 9:43AM (EST), 
claiming that she searched her emails and could not find Mr. Epstein's original February 16, 2019 
email travel notice. See Exhibit 6 attached. Somehow, however, Ms. Pinney did receive Mr. 
Epstein's February 18, 2019 email and Mr. Epstein's 9:16AM (EST) email on February 22, 2019. 
See the email chains in Exhibits 4 and 6 attached. Ms. Pinney also stated that: 
In the future, cc SOR Investigator Augustin to assure that the travel details are 
received. Agent Augustin has been cc'd in this email. Also, you are required to 
report on March 11th after your return to the USVI on March 9th to complete your 
yearly registration. 
See Exhibit 6 attached. 
In light of Ms. Pinney's claim that she had not received Mr. Epstein's emails, Mr. Epstein 
inquired as to whether Ms. Pinney had received Attorney Indyke's February 21, 2019 email 
regarding the changes to Mr. Epstein's travel itinerary. Mr. Epstein sent Ms. Pinney four separate 
emails on February 22, 2019 asking Ms. Pinney to confirm receipt of Attorney Indyke's February 
21, 2019 email. Both Attorney Indyke and Agent Augustin were copied on all of them. See 
Exhibits 7, 8, 9 and 10 attached. Attorney Indyke received each of these emails at the time they 
were sent to Ms. Pinney. However, Ms. Pinney did not respond to any of the emails. Attorney 
Indyke also sent emails to both Ms. Pinney and Agent Augustin on February 22, 2019, which 
included a copy of the February 21, 2019 email Attorney Indyke sent to Ms. Pinney. See Exhibits 
and 12. Attorney Indyke received no response to these emails. Three days later, Ms. Pinney 
finally responded to Mr. Epstein, but not to Attorney Indyke. On February 25, 2019, Ms. Pinney 
emailed Mr. Epstein that she had not received any notices from Attorney Indyke. See Exhibit 13 
attached. 
After receiving Ms. Pinney's response, on February 25, 2019, Mr. Epstein spoke with Ms. 
Pinney to determine why she did not confirm receipt of his emails. To aid in this determination, 
Mr. Epstein also sent four emails to Ms. Pinney on February 25, 2019, which consisted of two test 
emails, a copy of Attorney Indyke's February 22, 2019 email to Agent Augustin and notice of 
Attorney Indyke's new email address. See Exhibits 14, 15, 16, and 17 attached. Based on 
information provided by Ms. Pinney, Mr. Epstein emailed Ms. Pinney on February 28, 2019 that 
EFTA00808898
--- PAGE 3 ---
the DOJ's email filter appeared to be filtering [and blocking] her receipt from him and Attorney 
Indyke of any emails that include the word "sex". See Exhibit 18 attached. 
As is evident from the attached Exhibits, during the period in question, Mr. Epstein and 
Attorney Indyke timely provided Ms. Pinney with proper notices containing all travel information 
then required of Mr. Epstein. Although Ms. Pinney claims not to have received the February 16, 
2019 travel notice from Mr. Epstein, Attorney Indyke, who was copied on all of Mr. Epstein's 
email notifications to Ms. Pinney, received Mr. Epstein's February 16, 2019 travel notice by email 
at the same time Mr. Epstein emailed it to Ms. Pinney. In fact, Attorney Indyke received copies 
of each one of Mr. Epstein's emails to Ms. Pinney at the same time Mr. Epstein emailed each of 
them to Ms. Pinney. Ms. Pinney also claimed that she did not receive Attorney Indyke's email 
travel notice, but as discussed below, it is difficult to understand why she did not. 
Mr. Epstein and Attorney Indyke sent their email notifications to Ms. Pinney at the same 
email addresses that they have been using for Ms. Pinney for years without incident or objection 
from Ms. Pinney. And Ms. Pinney's emails demonstrate that during this period she did actually 
receive some emails from Mr. Epstein at both of the email addresses currently in use for her at the 
Department of Justice. In some cases, Ms. Pinney actually responded (albeit several days later) to 
the text contained in Mr. Epstein's emails to her. 
Previously, in the very few cases of which we are aware when there was any issue regarding 
Mr. Pinney's receipt of email travel notices, the DOJ's email server returned those emails to Mr. 
Epstein and Attorney Indyke as undelivered. In each of those cases, the email notices were 
delivered through other means. None of the emails sent to Ms. Pinney by either Mr. Epstein or 
Attorney Indyke during the February 16, 2019 to February 28, 2019 period were returned as 
undelivered by the DOJ's email server. Curiously, the problems identified by Ms. Pinney appear 
only to have arisen after Mr. Epstein was refused entry when he traveled to the Dominican 
Republic. And the suggestion that the DOJ's email server is filtering emails by Mr. Epstein and 
Attorney Indyke that include the word "sex" would mean that every email previously directed to 
Ms. Pinney, whose very title is Territorial Sexual Offender Registry Program Manager, would 
have been blocked. In fact, Ms. Pinney's February 25, 2019, 9:43AM (EST) email to Mr. Epstein 
included in its email chain Mr. Epstein's February 16, 2019 email travel notice addressed to Ms. 
Pinney, as the Territorial Sexual Offender Registry Program Manager, so obviously that 
suggestion cannot be accurate. 
Please contact me after you have had an opportunity to review these materials so that we 
can set a date and time to meet and discuss them, as well as your March 14, 2019 letter to Mr. 
Epstein. I look forward to hearing from you. 
Respectfully, 
Erika Kellerhals 
EFTA00808899

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808900.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEMAND PROMISSORY NOTE 
$30,500,000.00 
April 17, 2017 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Plan D, LLC, a U.S. Virgin Islands 
limited liability company (the "Maker"), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the 
order of BV70 LLC, a New York limited liability company with an address at do 
Elysium Management LLC, 445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, NY 10022 (the 
"Holder"), the principal amount of Thirty Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($30,500,000.00), together with interest on the unpaid principal balance at an initial rate 
per annum equal to the Federal short-term rate, as published by the Internal Revenue 
Service pursuant to Section 1275(d) of the Internal Revenue Code, compounded 
semiannually (the "Short-Term Rate") in effect for the month first above written. The 
interest rate on the unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be adjusted as of January 1 
and July 1 of each year to the Short-Term Rate in effect for such January and July, as the 
case may be. 
The unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all accrued interest thereon, shall 
be due and payable within two (2) business days of written demand therefor given by the 
Holder to the Maker. 
The unpaid principal balance of this Note and all accrued interest thereon may be 
prepaid, in full or in part, at any time or from time to time without premium or penalty. 
All payments of principal and interest hereunder shall be made in lawful money 
of the United States, in immediately available funds at do Elysium Management LLC, 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, NY 10022 (or at such other place as the 
Holder may designate in writing to the Maker). 
1. Events of Default. 
(a) 
If any of the following events shall occur during the term hereof, such 
events shall be deemed a default by the Maker hereunder (each an "Event of Default"): 
(i) 
The Maker shall have defaulted in the payment of principal or 
interest under this Note as and when the same shall have become due and payable in 
accordance with the terms hereof; or 
(ii) 
There shall have been entered any order, judgment or decree by a 
court of competent jurisdiction for relief in respect of the Maker under any applicable 
Federal or state bankruptcy law or similar law, or appointing a receiver, assignee or 
trustee of all or a substantial part of the Maker's property, assets or revenues; or 
(iii) 
The filing by the Maker of a petition or consent to a petition 
seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now or hereafter constituted, 
or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the 
consent by the Maker to the institution of proceedings thereunder or to the filing of any 
EFTA00808900
--- PAGE 2 ---
such petition or to the appointment or taking of possession by a receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, trustee or custodian, of any substantial part of the property, assets or revenues 
of the Maker, or the making by the Maker of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or 
the inability of the Maker to pay its debts as they become due and payable; or 
(iv) 
The earliest to occur of the cessation of activities in the ordinary 
course, the winding down and dissolution of the Maker. 
(b) 
In the case of an Event of Default, without any demand, presentment, 
protest or other notice whatsoever to the Maker, or other statutory or other rights of 
redemption, or any other action by the Holder, all of which are hereby expressly waived 
by the Maker, the unpaid principal amount hereof and all accrued interest shall become 
due and payable in full upon the occurrence of any such event and the Holder may 
exercise simultaneously or seriatim any or all of such other rights and remedies as may be 
lawfully permitted under Federal law or state law and any and all of the remedies of the 
Holder set forth herein. 
(c) 
All payments made hereunder shall first be applied to accrued interest and 
then to principal. 
2. 
Loss, Etc. of Note. 
Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Maker of the loss, theft, 
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the 
Maker, if lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated, the Maker shall execute and deliver to the 
Holder a new note identical in all respects to this Note. 
3. 
Collection Costs. 
In the event that it becomes necessary to enforce the provisions of this Note 
against the Maker in order to collect any amounts due hereunder, all costs, fees and 
expenses of such enforcement, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and 
disbursements and all fees and disbursements of other professionals relating to the 
enforcement of any obligations under this Note, when incurred shall be deemed to be 
additions to principal and shall become immediately due and payable hereunder. 
4. 
Non-Waiver. 
The Maker hereby expressly waives presentment for payment, demand for 
payment, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest, notice of non-payment, and all 
lack of diligence or delays in collection or enforcement of this Note. The Holder may 
extend the time of payment of this Note, postpone the enforcement hereof, release any 
collateral securing this Note, or grant any other indulgences whatsoever without affecting 
or diminishing the Holder's rights under this Note, which rights are hereby expressly 
reserved. Any waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing. No failure on the part 
of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege under 
this Note shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any 
right, power or privilege under this Note preclude any other or further exercise thereof or 
EFTA00808901
--- PAGE 3 ---
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies herein provided are 
cumulative and not exclusive of any and all other remedies provided by law. 
5. 
Successors and Assigns. 
This Note is binding upon the Maker and its successors and assigns; provided, 
however, that the Maker shall not be entitled to assign or delegate any rights or 
obligations under this Note without the prior written consent of the Holder. The Maker 
hereby consents to the Holder's sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition at any time 
or times hereafter, of this Note, or any right or interest herein contained to any "affiliate" 
of the Holder. 
For purposes hereof, the term "affiliate" shall mean any person 
beneficially owning a majority of the ownership interests of the Holder or any entity 
beneficially owned by such person. Upon such permitted assignment, the permitted 
assignee shall have all of the rights of the Holder to enforce any of the provisions of this 
Note. The Maker agrees not to assert as against any such permitted assignee any claims, 
offsets, deductions or defenses it may have against the Holder for breach of this Note or 
otherwise. 
6. 
Amendment and Modification. 
This Note may be amended, modified or supplemented only by written agreement 
signed by the Holder and the Maker. 
7. 
No Right of Offset. 
The Maker agrees that it shall have no right to assert against the Holder any offset 
or deduction from any amount due and payable under this Note by reason of any right or 
claim against the Holder arising from any cause or circumstance whatsoever, whether 
previously existing or hereafter arising. 
8. 
The Maker's Due Authorization. 
The Maker hereby represents and warrants to the Holder that (a) the Maker has 
full power and authority to borrow the sum of Thirty Million Five Hundred Thousand 
Dollars ($30,500,000.00) from BV70 LLC on the terms and conditions provided in the 
Note (the "Borrowing"), and to execute and deliver the Note to the Holder, (b) the 
Borrowing, and the execution and delivery of the Note by the Maker have been duly 
authorized by all necessary limited liability company action of the Maker, and (c) the 
Note has been duly executed and delivered by the Maker, and constitutes a valid, legal 
and binding obligation of the Maker, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as 
such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar 
laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to general principles of equity. 
9. 
Notices. 
All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered by 
EFTA00808902
--- PAGE 4 ---
personal delivery, reputable overnight courier service, certified mail (postage pre paid, 
return receipt requested), by email or by telecopy, as follows: 
If to the Maker: 
BV70 LLC 
do Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, NY 10022 
Fax 
Email: 
If to the Holder: 
Plan D, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Fax: 
Email: 
Any party hereto may change the address to which notices, requests, demands and 
other communications to such party shall be given hereunder by giving notice thereof to 
the other party hereto in the manner herein provided. Notices shall be deemed given at 
the time they are delivered personally; if by overnight courier, the next business day 
following the delivery thereof to such courier (or such later date as is demonstrated by a 
bona fide receipt therefor); if given by certified mail (postage pre-paid, return receipt 
ar
iested), three days after deposit in the mail; or if given by email or facsimile prior to 6 
on a business day, on the business day on which the email or facsimile transmission 
is transmitted (receipt confirmed). 
10. 
Governing Law. 
THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE 
TO CONTRACTS TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY THEREIN, WITHOUT GIVING 
EFFECT TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS APPLICABLE THEREIN. 
11. 
Waiver of Jury Trial. 
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE MAKERS AND THE 
HOLDER HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. 
EFTA00808903
--- PAGE 5 ---
12. 
Faxed and Scanned Signatures. 
Signatures of this Note transmitted by fax, or scanned and then transmitted by 
email transmission shall have the same effect as original signatures. 
PLAN D, LLC, Maker 
Jeffrey Epstein, Sole Member 
On April 17, 2017, before me, the undersigned, personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein, 
personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the 
individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that 
he executed the same in his capacity as Sole Member of Plan D, LLC, a U.S. Virgin Islands 
limited liability company, and that by his signature on the instrument, Plan D, LLC executed 
the instrument. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00808904

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808905.pdf
----------------------------------------
[JAWBONE HEALTH HEADER] 
Deeember-January 
, 20198 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Attn: Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, President 
Dear Jef€reyMr. President,
On behalf of Jawbone Health Hub, Inc. (the "Company"), I am pleased to offer Southern 
Trust Company, Inc. ("STC") a position as Senior Advisor to the Company. 
The Board of Directors will recommend a grant to STC of a non-qualified option to 
purchase 50 basis points of the Company's common stock. (The number of shares and the exercise 
price per share are yet to be determined and will be pro forma for the Series A financing. If the 
there is a later lower share adjusted exercise price per share STC's pricing will be adjusted. 
k-htrify-that-pr4e1ng-w4114e-on-the-best-ter-ms-effer-ed-pr-evleushf with-an-adjustment-te-refleet 
better aubiequent offera to anyone clx. i.e., Moat Favorable Nation Statuafl. Based on STC's 
acceptance of this agreement, STC's option will vest starting on flasertasting-Startexecution 
of this agreement  -Dotel-and will vest [equally on a monthly rate for the following 24 months 
thdost-Favoyed-Nation-Matus-should-appl te-vesting-as-we144,This vesting schedule will be 
subject to STC's continued service to the Company in the following capacity: 
Senior Advisor: in this role, STC's primary activities will be to assist the Company as 
reasonably requested on matters that STC determines in its discretion and in good faith are 
reasonably within STC's knowledge, experience and skill set. SIC will in good faith and to the 
best of it's current abilities execute on requested strategic help from the Company. 
STC's options will be subject to the terms and conditions of our 2018 Stock Plan and 
standard form of stock option agreement, which STC will be required to sign as a condition of 
receiving the option. [Please forward current versions of the 2018 Stock Plan and the form of 
Stock Option Agreement] 
On behalf of the Company's management, we are excited about STC serving as an Advisor 
and look forward to STC's input and guidance. 
Regards, 
Agreed to and accepted, 
Hosain Rahman 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Chief Executive Officer 
EFTA00808905
--- PAGE 2 ---
By: 
Jeffrey Epstein, president 
EFTA00808906

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808907.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJE, LLC 
do HBRK Associates, Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Tel hone: 
Email: 
June 25, 2018 
VIA Email - 
Mr. Brian Walden 
Director of Operations 
ProSolar America, LLC 
Dear Mr. Walden: 
GSJ purchased a 310.8 kWh solar power system from ProSolar Systems, LLC ("ProSolar") in 
November 2016 for a purchase price of $192,211. Included as part of that purchase were 12 self-
contained Acquion Maintenance Free Salt Water Battery Modules for an aggregate price of 
$154,338, each being sold with a 3-year warranty from ProSolar, which will not expire before 
November 2019. GSJ has also been paying ProSolar in the amount of $350 per month for monthly 
maintenance/service calls which have been taking place since April 2017, and after Hurricanes 
Irma and Maria hit the U.S Virgin Islands in September 2017, GSJ paid in excess of $111,000 to 
troubleshoot and bring the solar power system into full operation. 
Despite the purchase of a specially designed solar power system that was to provide Great 
St. James Island with continuous power to meet its energy demands (which GSJ fully disclosed in 
advance to ProSolar) without interruption on a full-time basis, and was warranted for three years, 
the power system now fails regularly, shutting down like clockwork every morning at 
approximately SAM. This then requires GSJ's representative to travel to the island to turn off 
island-wide power drawing from the system, so that the system can recharge. Once the system 
recharges, it then must reboot completely before GSJ's representative can reconnect power to 
Great St. James. Obviously, this was not what was proposed by ProSolar, not what was agreed 
to and certainly not what GSJ paid almost $200,000 for ProSolar to deliver. Moreover, after more 
than year of paid monthly service calls and an additional $111,000 of replacement and repair 
work to bring the solar power system into full operation over the past several months, and 
despite ProSolar's knowledge of the existing conditions on Great St. James Island and continued 
EFTA00808907
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mr. Brian Walden 
Director of Operations 
June 25, 2018 
Page 2 of 2 
reports to ProSolar of increasingly regular low voltage system failures, only recently did ProSolar 
tech personnel open the battery modules to examine the circuit boards contained therein that 
supply the charging and discharging controls for each battery module to discover that several 
were corroded. This is what ProSolar has advised it now believes is the source of the problem. 
ProSolar has proposed a solution to modify the solar power system it designed for, 
supplied to, and installed on Great St. James and has been servicing. It proposes to bypass the 
circuit boards contained in each of the 12 battery modules in the system and allow the control 
functions that were to be performed by those circuit boards now to be performed by the existing 
inverters of the system which were also supplied, installed and serviced by ProSolar. ProSolar 
proposes to reprogram those inverters to assume the functionality of the bypassed circuit 
boards. It believes that the transfer of the control functions from the circuit boards to the 
inverters will eliminate the low voltage system failures Great St. James Island has been 
experiencing and will allow the system to function as contractually required and warranted. 
We appreciate your efforts to diagnose the catastrophic failures with the solar power 
system you designed, supplied, assembled and have been servicing. And we are more than 
willing to allow you at your sole cost and expense to attempt to fix the problem along the lines 
that you propose. However, please be advised that should your proposed solution fail, we insist 
that you honor your obligation to deliver to Great St. James Island a solar power system with the 
full functionality you contracted to deliver and warranted by replacing the system with one that 
actually performs as agreed, or provide GSJ with a full refund of all amounts paid to ProSolar in 
connection with the system, including, without limitation, the $192,211 paid for the system, the 
$111,000 paid to bring the system into operation and the $350 per month of ProSolar's service 
calls that never properly diagnosed or fixed the system's problems. 
Please advise when you will begin the necessary work to implement your proposed 
solution, so that appropriate arrangements can be made on Great St. James Island. 
This letter is without prejudice to the rights and claims of GSJ against ProSolar, all of which 
are hereby expressly reserved. 
Very truly yours, 
/s/ Richard Kahn 
Richard Kahn 
EFTA00808908

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808909.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hull
forest products 
Conserving Forests! Crafting Wood / Since 1965 
Member 
National 
Wood Flooring 
Association 
Contact: 
Richard Kahn 
Date: 
12/19/17 
Company: 
HBRK Associates Inc 
Referral Source 
Jeffrey Epstein 9 East 71" St 
N N 
10021 
Ship To: 
(If different) 
LSJE,LLC•St Thomas Tropical Shipping 
500 Dr Martin Luther King Jr Blvd 
Bus. Phone: 
Riviera Beach FL 33404 
Bus. Fax: 
Cell: 
Cell Phone: 
Email: 
Rep: 
Belinda Culp 
Product: KD, 3/4. PREfinished, Engineered Sel White Oak 
Profile: 
T&G (4 sides) w/ Stress Relief ENG 3/C 4.3mm 
Qua ntity/SF 
Price/SF 
Total 
Grade: Select 
557 $ 
14.23 
$7,926.11 
Widths: 5 
$ 
- 
$0.00 
Lengths: Random Lengths 3'-10I+ with a 7+ avg 
$ 
- 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Prefinished - light white wash matte ( approved sample) 
$ 
$0.00 
$ 
$0.00 
$ 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$ 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Kiln Dried Acclimation Sticks for $.04 
$0.00 
557 $ 
0.04 
$22.28 
Comments: 
Total 
$7.948.39 
-*No CT Sales Tax when shipping out of State. 
*Sales Tax 
$0.00 
- All Quotes good for 30 Days 
Crating 
$125.00 
-Please Provide: 2-3 people or machinery to unload 
Freight 
$385.00 
material off truck. 
invoice Total 
$8.458.39 
Less Deposit 
$4.229.20 
Balance Due 
$4,229.19 
Date Required: 7-9 Weeks 
Ship Via: Common Carrier 
Deposit= $4,229.20 
101 Hampton Road, Pomfret Center CT 
06259 USA 
Main Office line 
By signing below, Customer agrees to the terms listed. 
• 
50% deposit required to process order; balance due prior to shipment. 
• Square footage Triple checked! The nature of our custom floors requires additional fees for 
small orders. 
(initial) 
Purchased By (print): 
 Signature: 
EFTA00808909

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808910.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hull
forest products 
Conserving Forests /Crafting Wood /Since 1965 
Member 
National 
Wood Flooring 
Association 
Contact: 
Richard Kahn 
Date: 
12/18/17 
Company: 
HBRK Associates Inc 
Referral Source 
Address: 
FLA 
Ship To: 
(If different) 
Bus. Phone: 
Home Phone: 
Bus. Fax: 
Cell: ' 
Cell Phone: 
Email: 
Rep: 
Belinda Culp 
Product: KD, 3/4, PREfinished, Engineered Sel White Oak 
Profile: 
T&G (4 sides) w/ Stress Relief ENG 3/4" 4.3mm 
Quantity/SF 
Price/SF 
Total 
Grade: Select 
557 $ 
14.23 
$7.926.11 
Widths: 5" 
$ 
- 
$0.00 
Lengths: Random Lengths 3'-10I+ with a 7+ avg 
$ 
- 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Preflnished - light white wash matte ( approved sample) 
$ 
$0.00 
$ 
$0.00 
$ 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$ 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Kiln Dried Acclimation Sticks for $.04 
$0.00 
557 $ 
0.04 
$22.28 
Comments: 
Total 
$7.948.39 
-*No CT Sales Tax when shipping out of state. 
*Sales Tax 
$0.00 
- All Quotes good for 30 Days 
Crating 
$125.00 
-Please Provide: 2-3 people or machinery to unload 
Freight 
$385.00 
material off truck. 
Invoice Total 
$8.458.39 
Less Deposit 
Balance Due 
$8,458.39 
Date Required: 4-6 Weeks 
Ship Via: Common Carrier 
Deposit= $4,229.20 
101 Hampton Road, Pomfret Center CT 
06259 USA 
Main Office lin 
By signing below, Customer agrees to the terms listed. 
• 50% deposit required to process order; balance due prior to shipment. 
• Square footage Triple checked! The nature of our custom floors requires additional fees for 
small orders. 
(initial) 
Purchased By (print): 
 Signature: 
EFTA00808910

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808911.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hull
forest products 
Conserving Forests/Crafting Wood / Since 1965 
Member 
National 
Wood Flooring 
Association 
Contact: 
Richard Kahn 
Date: 
I2/II/I7 
Company: 
HBRK Associates Inc 
Referral Source 
Address: 
FLA 
Ship To: 
(If different) 
Bus. Phone: 
Home Phone: 
Bus. Fax: 
Cell Phone: 
Email: 
Rep: 
Belinda Culp 
Product: KD, 3/4. PREfinished, Engineered Sel White Oak 
Profile: 
T&G (4 sides) w/ Stress Relief ENG 3/C 4.3mm 
Quantity/SF 
Price/SF 
Total 
Grade: Select 
650 $ 
14.23 
$9,249.50 
Widths: 5" 
$ 
- 
$0.00 
Lengths: Random Lengths 3'-101+ with a 7+ avg 
$ 
- 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Prefinished - light white wash matte ( approved sample) 
$ 
$0.00 
$ 
$0.00 
$ 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$ 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Kiln Dried Acclimation Sticks for $.04 
$0.00 
650 $ 
0.04 
$26.00 
Comments: 
Total 
$9.275.50 
-*No CT Sales Tax when shipping out of state. 
*Sales Tax 
Moo 
- All Quotes good for 30 Days 
Crating 
$125.00 
-Please Provide: 2-3 people or machinery to unload 
Freight 
$385.00 
material off truck. 
Invoice Total 
$9.785.50 
Less Deposit 
Balance Due 
$9,785.50 
Date Required: 4-6 Weeks 
Ship Via: Common Carrier 
Deposit= $4,892.75 
101 Hampton Road, Pomfret Center CT 
06259 USA 
Main Office line 8 
By signing below, Customer agrees to the terms listed. 
• 
50% deposit required to process order; balance due prior to shipment. 
• Square footage Triple checked! The nature of our custom floors requires additional fees for 
small orders. 
(initial) 
Purchased By (print): 
 Signature: 
EFTA00808911

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808912.pdf
----------------------------------------
8114/2018 
Gmail - pool quote 
M Gmail 
Kyle reeels 
pool quote 
Rick Rossi 
Tue. Aug 14. 2018 at 8.20 AM 
To: Kyle mann 
Rick Rossi Inc. 
7779 Estate St. Peter 
St. Thomas. V.100802 
Dth22/2018 
Byte Rest. for 
Utile SL James 
Swimming poet renovalicen Brag pole pod) 
Remove tiles and prepare for new tiles (195 linear feel bekis add 10% to order 
Cost of tees and grout not included in quote.Not sure if you1I be using 1 fool of tie or less so cyder wit have lobe adjusted. 
Remove any hollow amass and faitng plaster as necessary. 
Clean pod and prepare for new Diamond Bnte pool plaster Super 84e 
Apply Bonding Kota 
Apply Diamond BOO pool plaster ( kid 84e ) 
Add wash and powermosh plaster to expose the finish. 
Apply KrystaCure lo poster as a wing agent which should eliminate the scaling 
Pool is ready to be Bled with water. Water supplied by LSJ 
Total for all materials and labor. 584000.00 
This Odudes al labor and materials except tiles and grout. 
All transportation wit be provided by LSJ 
50% deposit needed to order matenals and confirm work 
Balance due wthn 30 days or Merest of 1.5 added monthly. 
Thank you for your consideration. 
Rick Rossi 
Rick Rossi Inc. 
7779 Estate Si. Peter 
St. Thomas. V.1.00802 
08/14/2018 
Kite Reavis, for 
Lithe St James 
Swimming pool rent/memo (Math pool) 
Remove tiles and prepare for new tiles (195 linear *el th/us add 10% to order 
Cost of tiles and grout not Ocluded in quote.Nth sure if you1I be using 1 Tool of tie or less so ceder roil have lobe adjusted. 
Remove any hollow area's and faitrig plaster as necessary. 
Clean pool and prepare for new Diamond Bnte pool plaster Super B4e 
Apply Bonding Kota 
Apply Diamond Bribe pool plaster ( kid 84e ) 
Add wash and power wash plaster to expose the finish. 
Apply Krystaare to plaster as a citing agent which should eliminate the stager; 
Pod is ready to be filled with water. Water supplied by LSJ 
Told for all materials and labor. 557500.00 
This indudes al labor and materials except files and grout. 
M transportation w8 be provided by LSJ 
50% deposit needed to order materials and confirm work 
Balance ekewithin 30 days or interest of 1.5 added monlety. 
Thank you for your consideration. 
Rick Rossi 
EFTA00808912

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808913.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rough Notes/Punch List from January 6, 2019 meeting on LSJ 
JE, DKI, BG, KG, Kyle Reavis, Mike Glidden and Dupson Donnissaint attending 
1. 
Confirm turbo charger for lull was on plane — confirmed. Brice sent picture. 
2. 
order new lull 
3. 
order new dump truck 
4. 
order new fuel truck 
5. 
order new flat bed 
6. 
order new tractor 
7. 
order new hydro seeder 
8. 
order new man lift 
9. 
order new push lawn mower 
10. 
order new roller 
11. 
order new trencher 
12. 
order new larger fertilizer sprayer 
13. 
order hydraulic hose machine 
14. 
order tire changer for commercial vehicles 
15. 
order new jet ski 
16. 
Confirm condition of most recently purchased tractor and what needs to be done to it 
to make it fully operable. 
17. 
Nautica and Sportis are both to be ready by January 30, 2019 
18. 
Little C scheduled for refit and cleanup to take approx 2 weeks and to start once Nautica 
and Sportis are back up and running — est. to start by Feb 1. 
19. 
new barge that is wider to accommodate two concrete trucks 
EFTA00808913
--- PAGE 2 ---
20. 
barge and "Bubbler"[sp?] 
21. 
Omega Electric — Darren to handle demand letter after getting backup from Mike 
Glidden. 
22. 
Pro Solar — follow up with Erika 
23. 
Generator Bunker — Architect and Engineer 
24. 
Mike's Cottage — addition and main — by February 15, 2019 
25. 
Gym — Replace Equipment 
26. 
Fiber to be installed for RO by Feb 20, 2019 
27. 
RO for GSJ — work to be done; and by whom 
28. 
Step Up Transformer for Cable 
29. 
Step down transformer for Cable 
30. 
Need to engineer a switch for when Cable from LSJ to GSJ fails 
31. 
Engineering doors (28) — confirm arrival dates 
32. 
Chillax Bath A/C — Reefco — when will it be finished 
33. 
Roof Materials —No new EFIS — check with Rich Kahn 
34. 
Septic Tanks — hole dug — dates from Adam Cook 
35. 
WIFI — Review ABL bids by Friday — Brice to send bids to Darren and Darren to review. 
36. 
[Dock?] pebble beach — Friday 
37. 
Confirm awnings shipped and will be picked up on January 9 or January 10, 2019 
38. 
Wooden Nursery Steps —JE to review 
39. 
Service Doors and Service Gates — Bamboo Coverings 
40. 
Controllers for RO Distribution Pumps at Tropical to be picked up on January 9 or 
January 10, 2019 
EFTA00808914
--- PAGE 3 ---
41. 
Planter by Pool wall 
42. 
Christmas Cove Dock 
43. 
Tiki Hut Kitchen —JE to choose color 
44. 
Nursery Steps —JE to review 
45. 
Waterfall layout —JE to review 
46. 
Grotto —JE to review 
47. 
Five Palms Electrical — Answer by January 9, 2019 
48. 
Cabana 3 — Artistic Tile to be ordered by January 7, 2019 
49. 
Maids and crew — Decision regarding Stephanie to serve as point person for supervision 
50. 
Debris and materials on top of RO to be cleaned up immediately 
51. 
Cost You Less — Karen to sort out by January 10, 2019 
52. 
LS1 — Jeffers doing Roads — DKI to speak to RK 
53. 
Dock Lights — Mike Glidden to follow up with the person hired for this work 
54. 
Staff Bathrooms 
55. 
Under Cabana 2 — storage and piping 
56. 
Island Oxygen bottles 
57. 
First Aid Kits for all locations on both Islands 
58. 
Pool Heater 
59. 
Cistern Drains for Main Compound 
60. 
Hurricane Prep Materials organized and accounted for 
61. 
Solar System for Flagpole on GSJ 
62. 
Reefco Library Issues — larger intake filter, intake pump, 3-day valve, etc. 
EFTA00808915
--- PAGE 4 ---
63. 
Staff Cottage Dryer — Purchase one appropriate for propane use 
64. 
Pool Rooms electrical panels replacement 
65. 
Power to beach for Captains below staff cottage. 
66. 
New sewage treatment for staff cottage on LSJ. Eliminate septic tank and install lift 
67. 
Blue Beach office — electric transformer 
68. 
Staff Cottage water heater issues — dugout underneath Staff Cottage. 
69. 
Refurbish water distribution manifold 
70. 
Furniture package — Karen to complete by January 11, 2019 
71. 
Pebble Beach house — 2 additional crew members requested 
72. 
Security — including power & internet to docks so motion detecting Ring devices can be 
installed 
73. 
Karen to review household supplies and cleaning equipment and materials needed 
74. 
Water flowing up hillside on GSJ [location not clear from notes] 
75. 
New kitchen fridge for Mike's cottage 
76. 
Countertops and Vanities everywhere on GSJ and LSJ 
77. 
Pinto's people — June 17 
EFTA00808916

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808917.pdf
----------------------------------------
IP/ A' 
SPARFELL & PARTNERS 
INTELLIGENCE IN AIRCRAFT SERVICES 
BBJ 737-700 IGW 
Specifications 
EFTA00808917
--- PAGE 2 ---
AIRCRAFT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
Sparfell & Partners is pleased 
to offer, for immediate sale, 
this very low hours BBJ 737-
700 IGW. 
Executive Summary 
Aircraft Manufacturer 
Boeing 
Aircraft Type 
BBJ 737-700 IGW 
Year of Manufacture 
2002 
Airframe Total Hours* 
1'028 
Airframe Total Cycles* 
306 
Passenger Configuration 
Seats 
'as of October 2016 
737 700 • 
SPECIFICATIONS • PAGE 2 
EFTA00808918
--- PAGE 3 ---
AIRCRAFT HIGHLIGHTS 
Highlights 
BBJ 737-700 IGIN 
Very Low Time, 1'028 Hours 
ACT's 
6'200 Nm Range 
Seats Configuration 
Satellite Phone 
Certification FAA 
No Damage History 
IMMACULATE CABIN 
Elegant 18 passengers cabin 
interior. Features a forward 
lounge, a mid lounge, an 
aft cabin and an Executive 
Stateroom with its Executive 
Lavatory. 
EFTA00808919
--- PAGE 4 ---
SPECIFICATIONS 
Airframe 
APU 
Aircraft Manufacturer 
Boeing 
Manufacturer 
Honeywell 
Aircraft Type 
BBJ 737-700 
Type 
131-9B 
Year of Manufacture 
2002 
Serial Number 
P-6178 
Airframe Total Hours' 
1'028 
APU Total Hours* 
1'367 
Airframe Total Cycles' 
306 
APU Total Cycles* 
870 
Maintenance Tracking Prog. 
CAMP 
Tanks (4 fwd, 5 aft) 
Engines 
Manufacturer 
CFM 
International 
Type 
CFM56-
7B27/B3 
Left Engine S/N 
888641 
Left Engine Total Hours` 
1'072 
Left Engine Total Cycles'. 
321 
Right Engine S/N 
888817 
Right Engine Total Hours" 
1'028 
Right Engine Total Cycles" 
306 
'as of October 2016 
HO 737 700 • 
SPECIFICATIONS • PAGE 4 
EFTA00808920
--- PAGE 5 ---
SPECIFICATIONS 
Major Inspection Status 
Inspection 
C8 Check 
Last Performed 
Next Due 
June 2016 
A Check 
June 2017 
BI Check 
August 2017 
B2 Check 
September 2017 
Cl Check 
December 2017 
A Check 
December 2017 
Landing Gear Overhaul 
June 2016 
April 2028 
BB] 737 700 • 
SPECIFICATIONS • PAGE S 
EFTA00808921
--- PAGE 6 ---
RANGE 
from Geneva 
•"•,_,, 
• 
• 
WO. 
• ••0 0600.1 
ir th 
,cancan.. 
•mc Ric gOlvC 
from Dubai 
EFTA00808922
--- PAGE 7 ---
RANGE 
from Hong Kong 
from Sao Paulo 
EFTA00808923
--- PAGE 8 ---
RANGE 
from Brazzaville 
from Miami 
(Source: Great Circle Mapper") 
Disclaimer: Perfonnanees may vaiy upon loading. aircraft configuration. routes assigned by control aurhorities. winds. airfield elevation. temperature. 
BB) 737 700 • 
SPECIE iCATiONS PACE 8 
EFTA00808924
--- PAGE 9 ---
IN FLIGHT ENTERTAINMENT SYSTEM 
Item 
Quantity 
Digital Versatile Disc Player (DVDP) 
Compact Disc Player (CD) 
Program Video Systeme Control Unit 
Video Tapping Unit 
Video Cassette Player (VCP) 
30" LCD Display 
Airshow Data & Communication Unit (DCU) 
Airshow Flight Deck Controller (FDC) 
Main Multiplexer (MMUX) 
EFTA00808925
--- PAGE 10 ---
CABIN 
SUMMARY 
Seats Configuration 
Bed + 3 Divans Bethable Configuration 
CABIN FLOOR PLAN 
DESCRIPTION 
The club 4 seating areas are allowed to recline from a 10° upright state down to 90° as desired. 
It is possible to recline the seats to set-up a full-flat bed to sleep with the support of the 
adjacent table. 
Interior Configuration: 
Galley Location 
Main Lounge Configuration 
VIP Lounge Configuration 
Master Bedroom Configuration 
Lavatory Location(s) 
Crew Rest 
Galley Complex: 
Oven, Steam 
Coffee / Tea Maker 
Hot-Cup 
Refrigerator, Freezer 
Microwave Oven 
Cooker, Rice 
DE:I 7,7 7al: • 
PCCI 
T o•.; . ..._L
EFTA00808926
--- PAGE 11 ---
CABIN 
FORWARD LOUNGE 
AFT LOUNGE 
EFTA00808927
--- PAGE 12 ---
CABIN 
DIVANS 
TABLES & SEATS 
EXECUTIVE STATEROOM 
EFTA00808928
--- PAGE 13 ---
PHOTOS 
EXECUTIVE LAVATORY 
= 
EFTA00808929
--- PAGE 14 ---
PHOTOS 
EFTA00808930
--- PAGE 15 ---
SPARFELL & PARTNERS 
INTELLIGENCE IN AIRCRAFT SERVICES 
Terminal C3 
chemin des papillons 
1215 Geneva Airport 
Switzerland 
Phone +41 22 787 08 77 I 
Disclaimer: These specifications are presented as introductory information only. They do not consti-
tute representations or warrenties of any kind. Accordingly. you should rely on your own inspection 
of this aircraft. The aircraft is subject to sale. and / or removal from the market without prior notice. 
EFTA00808931

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808932.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOLD TO: 
F 
iet® 
GUILLEN'S ENTERPRISES. INC 
11040 West Flagler Street 
SHIP TO. 
III III I IIIIIIIIIIII II liii III 
Acknowledgement 
ORDER DATE 
ORDER NUMBER 
10/04/2018 
S1309984 
GUILLENS ENTERPRISES. INC 
1,1Weriti Lter Street 
PAGE NO. 
of 1 
IIRIPPRAY 
PALM BEACH. FL 33480 
CUSTOMER NUMBER 
CUSTOMER PO NUMBER 
JOB NAME! RELEASE NUMBER 
SALESPERSON 
307054 
WEBCUS 
CCDIRECT 
WRITER 
SHIP VIA 
TERMS 
SHIP DATE 
FREIGHT ALLOWED 
Call Center Agent 
UPS GROUND 
CREDIT CARD 
10/15/2241 
No 
ORDER OTY 
DESCRIPTION 
UNIT PRICE 
EXT PRICE 
ea 
******* Unassigned Room Tag " ***** 
'TOTO USA, INC. THU9039; STICK 
REMOTE CONTROL ASSEMBLY 
MS990CGR&It;p&qtAlt;b&gt;Features: 
&It:/b&gt; • 
Subtotal for: Unassigned Room Tag 
Ship What is Available Now 
0.000/ea 
0.00 
0.00 
Pick up address : 10105 NW 88th Ave Medley. Fl 33178 305-883-8500 
Please open and inspect all boxes. All claims of shortage or errors 
must be made at once. We are not liable for labor or consequential 
damages involved with defective /damaged goods. Special orders and 
Electronic products are non returnable. Stocked items returned 
require prior written authorization and arp ciih' 
25% restock 
fee. www.guillens.com email: 
Subtotal 
S&H Charges 
Tax 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Amount Due 
0.00 
PnnIed By. STEFHANV on 104201S 3.00.03 PM EDT 
EFTA00808932

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808933.pdf
----------------------------------------
A AO Associated Aircraft Group, Inc. 
Griffith Way, Hudson Valley Regional Airport 
Wappingers Falls. New York 12590 
Pho 
Fax: 
Date: 3/812019, 1:45 PM 
Customer Estimate 
Work Order Quote: Q775-03-2019 
CUSTOMER INFORMATION 
Hyperion Alr,LLC 
6100 Red Hook 
Quarters B3 
Saint Thomas. USVI 00802 
Reg. No: N722JE 
2008 Sikorsky S•76C++ 
SERIAL: 760750 
AUTHORIZE 
Yes p No 
Item: 1 - Airworthy Airframe 
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Comply with 3. 6, and 12 month airframe calendar inspection requirements I/AAN S•78C Airworthiness 
Limitations 8 Inspection Requirements manual. 
M.M. Ref: SA4047460.24 
Revision: 26 
Chapter: 05.20.00 
Revision Date: July 31. 2017 
Notes: 
Flat rate applies to shop labor. Any parts related to these inspections that may be required will be added to 
the invoice. 
Hours 
Flat 
Subtotal 
30.800.00 
Labor: $30,800.00 
Parts: $0.00 
Shipping: $0.00 
hem Subtotal: $30.800.00 
AUTHORIZE 
Yes 
No
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Comply with 36 month hour airframe inspection requirements I/NW Sikorsky S•76C Airworthiness 
Limitations 8 Inspection Requirements manual. 
Item: 2 - Airworthy Airframe 
M.M. Ref: SA4047-76C-2.1 
Revision: 26 
Chapter: 05.20.00 
Revision Date: July 31, 2017 
Notes: 
Flat rate applies to shop labor. Any parts related to these inspections that may be required will be added to 
the invoice. 
Hours 
Flat 
Subtotal 
28.000.00 
Labor: $28,000.00 
Parts: $0.00 
Shipping: $0.00 
Rem Subtotal: $28,000.00 
of 6 
Printed by EBis 3 (www.datcomedia.com) 
EFTA00808933
--- PAGE 2 ---
Associated Aircraft Group, Inc.- Phone: 
Fax: 
• 3:820191:45:37 PM 
W O Quote: O775-03-2019 
Griffith Way, Hudson Valley Regional Airport, Wappingers Falls. New York 12590 
AUTIORI2E 
Yes 
No 
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Hours 
Subtotal 
Comply with 25. 50. 100. and 30thour airframe inspection requirements UAIW S.76C Airworthiness 
Flat 
8,400.00 
Limitations & Inspection Requirements manual. 
Item: 3 - Airworthy Airframe 
M.M. Ref: SA4047-76C-2.1 
Revision: 26 
Chapter: 05.20-00 
Revision Date: July 31. 2017 
Remove the 300 hour, since its 275 hours away 
Please adjust price to exclude the 300hour portion 
Notes: 
Flat rate applies to shop labor. Any pans related to these inspections that may be required will be added to 
the invoice. 
OW Unit 
Part Number 
I EA 
KAI 00 
Description 
Oil Sample Kit 
Unit Price 
66.55 
Subtotal 
66.55 
Labor: $8,400.00 
Parts: $66.55 
Shipping: $0.00 
hem Subtotal: $8,466.55 
AUTICRIZC 
p Yes [3! No 
Item: 4 - Airworthy Airframe 
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Comply with 500 hour airframe inspection requirements I/AIW Sikorsky S-76C Airworthiness Limitations & 
Inspection Requirements manual. 
M.M. Ref: SA4047-76C-2.1 
Revision: 26 
Chapter: 05.20-00 
Revision Date: July 31. 2017 
Notes: 
Flat rate applies to shop labor. Any parts related to these inspections that may be required will be added to 
the invoice. 
Hours 
Subtotal 
Flat 
1.120.00 
Qty Unit 
Part Number 
EACH 
MS28778-8 
Description 
ORING 
Unit Price 
1.94 
Subtotal 
15.52 
Labor: $1,120.00 
Parts: $15.52 
Shipping: $0.00 
hem Subtotal: $1,135.52 
AUTHORIZE 
Yes 
No 
Item: 5 - Airworthy Airframe 
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Comply with 600 hour airframe inspection requirements I/AIW Sikorsky S-76C Airworthiness Limitations & 
Inspection Requirements manual. 
M.M. Ref: SA4047-76C-2.1 
Revision: 26 
Chapter: 05.20-00 
Revision Date: July 31. 2017 
Notes: 
Flat rate applies to shop labor. Any pans related to these inspections that may be required will be added to 
the invoice. 
Labor: $11.200.00 
Parts: $0.00 
Hours 
Subtotal 
80.00 
11.200.00 
Shipping: $0.00 
Item Subtotal: $11.200.00 
of 6 
Printed by EBis 3 (www.datcomedia.com) 
EFTA00808934
--- PAGE 3 ---
Associated Aircraft Group, Inc.- Phone: 
Fax: 
• 39,20191:45:37 PM 
W 0 Quote: 0775-03-2019 
Griffith Way, Hudson Valley Regional Airport, Wappingers Falls. New York 12590 
AUTHORIZE 
O Yes 5i No 
Discrepancy 8 Corrective Action 
Comply with 1250 hour airframe inspection requirements I/NW Sikorsky S-76C Airworthiness Limitations 8 
Inspection Requirements manual. 
Item: 6 - Airworthy Airframe 
M.M. Ref: SA4047-76O4-1 
Revision: 26 
Chapter: 05.20.00 
Revision Date: July 31, 2017 
Notes: 
Labor to disassemble rotor head is included in 36 month airframe inspection. Hours estimated are to comply 
with 1250 hour inspection and replace bearings. 
Hours 
2.00 
Subtotal 
280.00 
Qty Unit 
Part Number 
EA 
SB5206.202 
Description 
OUTER RACE BEARING.KAHR 
Unit Price 
959.77 
Subtotal 
3,839.08 
Labor: $280.00 
Parts: $3,839.08 
Shipping: $0.00 
Item Subtotal: $4,119.08 
AUTHORIZE 
Yes O No 
Discrepancy 8 Corrective Action 
Comply with the following ICAs: 
Item: 7 - Airworthy Airframe 
•ICA No. IC00278. S.76 Door Lock Pin kit, 300 hour/t2 month inspection. 
•ICA No. IC00843. Honeywell MFRD. 300 hour/12 month inspection. 
•ICA No. IC00916. Silencer Wall Panel System, 300 hour/12 month inspection.. 
•ICA No. IC00925. Keystone Retractable Boarding Step. 300 hour/12 month inspection. 
•ICA No. IC01217, Deluxe VIP Interior system, 100 hour/12 month inspection. 
•ICA No. IC01357, Gamin GMX-200, 300 hour/12 month inspection. 
•ICA No. IC01421, Garmin GDL•69/GDL.69A Weather Data Receiver, 300 hour/12 month inspection. 
•ICA No. IC01696, LED External Lights, 50 hour/12 month inspection. 
•ICA No. IC01812, TrueNorth Simphone SATCOM, 300 hour/12 month inspection. 
•ICA No. IC01841, UNS-1Fw with LPV Monitor, 300 hour/1500 hour/12 month inspection. 
•ICA No. 11(7707, Eaton/Tedeco Zapper chip detector system. 500 hour/6 month inspection. 
•ICA No. IM93.32. 300 hour/t500 hour/12 month inspection and lubrication of Tail Rotor pedals. 
Hours 
Subtotal 
Flat 
2.100.00 
Labor: $2.100.00 
Parts: $0.00 
Shipping: $0.00 
Item Subtotal: $2.100.00 
AUTHORIZE 
CD Yes Ei No 
Item: 8 - Airworthy Airframe 
Discrepancy 8 Corrective Action 
Send Main Battery. PS-855A Emergency power supply battery, and Grimes emergency light power supply 
out to Aviall out for 12 month deep cycle/capacity checks. Their estimated costs are below. 
Outside Repair: 
AVIALL. INC.. Labor: 1,500.00, Parts: 0.00, Shipping: 0.00 
Notes: 
Charge from Aviall indicated is just an estimate. Actual cost may vary. 
Labor: $1.500.00 
Parts: $0.00 
Hours 
0.00 
Shipping: $0.00 
Item Subtotal: $1.500.00 
Subtotal 
0.00 
of 6 
Printed by EBis 3 (www.datcomedia.com) 
EFTA00808935
--- PAGE 4 ---
Associated Aircraft Group, Inc.- Phone: 
Fax: 
• 3'8,20191:45:37 PM 
W 0 Quote: 0775-03-2019 
Griffith Way, Hudson Valley Regional Airport, Wappingers Falls. New York 12590 
AUTHORIZE 
O Yes al No 
Item: 9 - Airworthy Airframe 
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Contract Structural Testing Systems to perform the following inspections: 
•12 month Pilot Collective Stick NDT 
•36 month Main Rotor Spindle NDT 
Their estimated charge is below. 
Outside Repair: 
STRUCTURAL TESTING SYSTEMS. INC.. Labor: 1,000.00. Parts:0.00, Shipping:0.00 
Notes: 
Charge from STS indicated is just an estimate. Actual cost may vary. 
Hours 
0.00 
Subtotal 
0.00 
Labor: $1.000.00 
Parts: $0.00 
Shipping: $0.00 
Item Subtotal: $1,000.00 
AUTHORIZE 
ER Yes 0 
No
Item: 10 - Airworthy Airframe 
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Contract Duncan Aviation to comply with the following avionics inspections: 
-12 month 14 CFR 91.207.d ELT Internal visual inspection and ops check. 
-12 month Avionics Inspection 
-24 month 14 CFR 91A11/413 Pitot•Static, Altimeter and ATC Transponder checks. 
Their estimated charge is below. 
Outside Repair: 
DUNCAN AVIATION. Labor: 3.000.00, Parts: 0.00, Shipping: 0.00 
Notes: 
Charge from Duncan Aviation indicated is just an estimate. Actual cost may vary. 
Hours 
0.00 
Subtotal 
0.00 
Labor: $3,000.00 
Parts: $0.00 
Shipping: $0.00 
Item Subtotal: $3.000.00 
AUTHORIZE 
Yes O No 
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Remove and replace all four landing gear float bottles. 
Item: 11 - Airworthy Airframe 
Notes: 
Cost of float bottles indicated is just an estimate. Actual cost will be added to the invoice. 
Hours 
Subtotal 
10.00 
1,400.00 
City Unit 
Part Number 
EA 
813269.1 
Description 
Float bottle 
Unit Price 
14,318.33 
Subtotal 
57.273.32 
Labor: $1,400.00 
Parts: $57,273.32 
Shipping: $0.00 
Item Subtotal: $58,673.32 
of 6 
Printed by EBis 3 (www.datcomedia.com) 
EFTA00808936
--- PAGE 5 ---
Associated Aircraft Group, Inc.- Phone: 
Fax: 
• 38:20191:45:37 PM 
W O Quote: O775-03-2019 
Griffith Way, Hudson Valley Regional Airport, Wappingers Falls. New York 12590 
AUTHORIZE 
M Yes O No 
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Remove and rep ace all Tail Rotor control cables 
.
•
•
Notes: 
Cost of Tail Rotor cables indicated is just an estimate. Actual cost will be added to the invoice. 
Qty Unit 
Pad Number 
Description 
Unit Price 
Subtotal 
EACH 
76400.03191.046 
CABLE 
406.64 
406.64 
EACH 
76400.03191.050 
CABLE 
589.85 
589.85 
EACH 
76400.03191.051 
CABLE 
344.11 
344.11 
EACH 
76400-03191.059 
CABLE 
355.90 
355.90 
Item: 12 - Airworthy Airframe 
Hours 
Subtotal 
16.00 
2.240.00 
Labor: $2,240.00 
Parts: $1.696.50 
Shipping: $0.00 
Item Subtotal: $3,936.50 
AUTHORIZE 
O Yes Eg No 
Item: 13 - Airworthy Airframe 
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Remove and rep ace all Tail Rotor Driveshaft bearing support assemblies 
Notes: 
Cost of pans indicated is just an estimate. Actual cost will be added to the invoice. 
Qty Unit 
Part Number 
Description 
Unit Price 
Subtotal 
EA 
76361-04007.042 
BEARING SUPPORT 
0.00 
0.00 
EACH 
NAS464P4A5 
BOLT 
4.94 
59.28 
EACH 
SS4411.083025NP 
WASHER 
133.38 
1,600.56 
EACH 
S55086-04 
NUT 
17.04 
204.48 
Hours 
Subtotal 
20.00 
2,800.00 
Labor: $2,800.00 
pans: $1,864.32 
Shipping: $0.00 
Item Subtotal: $4,664.32 
AUTHORIZE 
M Yes 
No
Item: 14 - Airworthy Airframe 
Discrepancy & Corrective Action 
Bore scope No. and No. 2 Engines I/AAN Turbomeca 251 Maintenance Manual. Chapter 72. task 
72-00-43.200.803-A01. 
Hours 
4.00 
Subtotal 
560.00 
Labor: $560.00 
Parts: $0.00 
Shipping: $0.00 
Item Subtotal: $560.00 
of 6 
Printed by EBis 3 (www.datcomedia.com) 
EFTA00808937
--- PAGE 6 ---
Associated Aircraft Group, Inc. - Phone: 
Fax: 
- 3/8/2019 1:45:37 PM 
Griffith Way, Hudson Valley Regional Airport, Wappingers Falls, New York 12590 
W/O Quote: 0775-03-2019 
Additional Charges 
Pilot Services 
Tire Disposal 
EPA Charge 
Oil Analysis 
Shop Supplies Fuel 
Misc. 
Subtotal 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
1387.50 
0.00 
0.00 
$1.587.50 
It will take an estimated 635.00 hours to complete the necessary work. 
Important Information 
MISC. CHARGES NOTES: 
Estimated Arrival Date: April 26th. 2019 
Estimated Start Date: April 29th, 2019 
Estimated Working days: 23 
Estimated Out Date: May 29th. 2019 
Total Labor: 
Total Parts: 
Total Shipping: 
Additional Charges: 
Tax: 
Total Estimate Before Deposit: 
Deposit: 
$94.400.00 
$64.755.29 
$0.00 
$1387.50 
$0.00 
$160.742.79 
$0.00 
Total Estimate: 
$160.742.79 
Please note: Down times are just an estimate and are subject to change due to discrepancies found during inspection and/or additions made by 
customer. Working days are defined as Monday through Friday. unless otherwise discussed with MG. Weekends and Holidays are NOT defined 
as working days. 
All maintenance requests not originally quoted are not guaranteed to be performed during scheduled down time due to repair station capacity and 
part lead times. All additional requests must be coordinated with MG prior to arrival at our facility. 
Additional charges: 
Shop Hourly Labor Rate: $140.00 (Straight time) 
Shop Hourly Labor Rate: $210.00 (Overtime) 
Labor rates are subject to change. 
Parts prices are subject to change based on annual price increases 
A 50% deposit is required upon acceptance of quote. 
A cost of $2.50 per labor hour will be added to the invoice to cover cost of miscellaneous consumables. 
All customer upplied parts will incur a 2.5% mark-up for inspection and handling. 
Prior cuss 
lion is re• 
or any work performed on additional discrepancies related to the Work Order. 
• Larry Visoski Managerityperion Air LLC 
 March 21 2019 
Hyperion Air.LLC or Authorized Representative 
Date 
Note: this is a PreBuy inspection, responsibility of Labor to be Hyperion Air, LLC (Purchser) / all Parts expense 
will be Aetna/CVS (seller) responsibility. 
of 6 
Printed by EBis 3 (www.datcomedia.com) 
EFTA00808938

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00808939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00808939.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gu]£stream' 
PRELIMINARY INVOICE 
A OSSISRAL DYNAMICS COMPANY 
Char Drive - Westfield, Massachusetts 01085-1493 
ParUModel 
GIV 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 1085 / NI20JE 
Mail Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
P.O. Box 730349 
Dallas, Texas 75373-0349 
Overnight Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (Box # 730349) 
do JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
ATTN: Dallas National Wholesale Lockbox TXI-0029 
14800 Frye Road 
Ft. Worth, TX 76155 
Wire Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
Chicago, IL 60670 
Account No. 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 
S.W.I.F.T. CHASUS33 
ACH Credit Routing No. (ABA) 
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
C/O GALAXY AVIATION INC 
MTN: LARRY VISOSKI 
3800 SOUTHERN BLVD, SUITE 204 
WEST PALM BEACH, Florida 33406 
United States 
Title: JEGE LLC 
Invoice Number: 
Invoice Date: 
Customer ID: 
P.O. Number: 
Repair Station: 
In Date: 
Out Date: 
Payment Type: 
Payment Terms: 
6918002027 
6/28/2018 
BJ419 
CRS LEGR039G 
05/16/2018 
06/29/2018 
Net 30-Open terms 
INVOICE SUMMARY FOR WORK ORDER NUMBER: 
Time & Materials 
SC18654 
Flat Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
$78,671.72 
$90,820.00 
$169,491.72 
Parts USD: 
$92,740.57 
$9,672.00 
$102,412.57 
Services USD: 
$11,461.17 
$0.00 
$11,461.17 
Misc Charges USD: 
$5.231.00 
$5.231.00 
Detail Subtotal USD: 
5188,104.46 
5100.492.00 
5288,596.46 
Freight USD: 
$1,536.19 
Subtotal USD: 
$290,132.65 
Funds on Deposit USD: 
$56,139.50 
Total USD: 
SCHEDULED MAINTENANCE 
FAR PART 91 
LARRY VISOSKI 917-868.6145 
Peter Rawson 973.879-2060 
N120.1E 
RE: PROPOSAL# 7042687 R00 (GAC0218-2687.GIV.1085.R00) 
MSP (APU) 
HAPP 
RR CORP CARE 
$233,993.15 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 1 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808939
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Item: 1 
AIRFRAME Gulfstream GIV 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
Part/Model #: GIV 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 1085 / NI2OJE 
TSN/TS0: 
CSN/CS0: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 1.1 
RETURN TO SERVICE FOR GENERAL MAINTENANCE OR INSPECTION. 
Resolution: ACTT: 9746.1 
ACTL: 4430 
DATE: 
WORK ORDER NUMBER: SC18654 
ITEM(S): 
THE MAINTENANCE LISTED ABOVE WAS PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CURRENT FEDERAL 
AVIATION REGULATIONS AND IS APPROVED FOR RETURN TO SERVICE WITH REGARDS TO THE 
MAINTENANCE ACCOMPLISHED. FURTHER DETAILS ARE ON FILE AT THIS REPAIR STATION UNDER 
THE ABOVE WORK ORDER. A COPY OF THIS WORK ORDER HAS BEEN PROVIDED TO THE OPERATOR 
SIGNATURE: 
DATE: 
Discrepancy: 1.2 
COMPLY WITH DEBRIEF USING INDUCTION / ARRIVAL DEBRIEF CHECKLIST - CMP 010010. 
CMP GIV 010010 SERVICE CENTER MAINTENANCE INDUCTION CHECKLIST 
Resolution: Complied with CMP GIV 010010 Service Center Maintenance Induction Checklist 
Step: 1.2.1 
Completed ACCOMPLISHED 90 DAY DUELIST REVIEW. 
Step: 1.2.2 
Completed ACCOMPLISHED REMOVALAND SECURING OF CUSTOMER VALUABLES AS 
REQUIRED. 
Step: 1.2.3 
Completed LISTED OPERATOR'S AIRWORTHINESS REQUIREMENTS. 
Discrepancy: 1.3 
ADVISE CUSTOMER OF PRESERVATION REQUIREMENTS PER CHAPTER 10 OF THE RELEVANT 
MAINTENANCE MANUALS FOR AIRFRAME, ENGINES, AND APU; REVIEW REQUIREMENTS IN 
RELATION TO SCHEDULED OUTDATE AND POSSIBLE EXTENSIONS OF OUTDATE; AND PERFORM 
MAINTENANCE OR PRESERVATION ACTIONS AS DIRECTED BY THE CUSTOMER AND DOCUMENT 
IN THE WORK ORDER. 
Resolution: ADVISED CUSTOMER OF PRESERVATION REQUIREMENTS PER CHAPTER 10 OF THE RELEVANT 
MAINTENANCE MANUALS FOR AIRFRAME, ENGINES, AND APU; REVIEW REQUIREMENTS IN RELATION 
TO SCHEDULED OUTDATE AND POSSIBLE EXTENSIONS OF OUTDATE; AND PERFORM MAINTENANCE OR 
PRESERVATION ACTIONS AS DIRECTED BY THE CUSTOMER AND DOCUMENTED IN THE WORK ORDER. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 2 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A? 
Reel 
EFTA00808940
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 1.4 
CONSUMABLES AND SHOP SUPPLIES. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
I louts 
Rate 
Total 
Misc Charges USD: Time and Material 
$5,000.00 
Total USD: 
$5,000.00 
Miscellaneous Charge: 
Ref. No. 
 Miscellaneous Charge 
1.4 #1 
CONSUMABLES & SHOP SUPPLIES 
Step: 1.4.1 
Open 
CONSUMABLES 
Amount USD 
$5,000.00 
Discrepancy: 1.5 
ACCOMPLISH INBOUND INSPECTION AND VIDEO. 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED INBOUND INSPECTION AND VIDEO. 
Step: 1.5.1 
Completed 
ACCOMPLISH INBOUND PRELIMINARY INSPECTION USING FORM M-4. 
Step: 1.5.2 
Waiting 
ACCONIPLISII ED INCOMING VIDEO OFAIRCRAFT AS APPLICABLE. 
Insp 
Discrepancy: 1.6 
ASSIST CUSTOMER WITH ARRIVALAND DEPARTURE AS REQUIRED. 
Resolution: ASSISTED CUSTOMER WITH ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE. 
Discrepancy: 1.7 
SERVICE TOILET/WASTE TANK. 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 1.8 
ACCOMPLISH COVER AND PROTECT OF THE AIRCRAFT INTERIOR AND EXTERIOR, AS 
REQUIRED. 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED COVER AND PROTECT OF THE AIRCRAFT INTERIOR AND EXTERIOR, AS REQUIRED. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelitninaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 3 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808941
--- PAGE 4 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 1.9 
ACCOMPLISH HYDRAULIC FLUID CONTAMINATION CHECK. 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED HYDRAULIC FLUID CONTAMINATION CHECK. 
Discrepancy: 1.10 
ACCOMPLISH AIRCRAFT CLEANING 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 1.11 
REVIEW LOGBOOK EN I RN. PRIOR FO D EPA RIIRE 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 1.12 
ACCOMPLISH OUTBOUND INSPECTION AND VIDEO. 
Resolution: 
Step: 1.12.1 
Open 
ACCOMPLISH OUTBOUND INSPECTION MAINTENANCE CHECKLIST 5.1 7. 
Step: 1.12.2 
Open 
ACCOMPLISH OUTBOUND VIDEO OF AIRCRAFT AS APPLICABLE. 
Discrepancy: 1.13 
TOOL CLEARANCE 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 1.14 
ACCOMPLISH PREFLIGHT INSPECTION AS REQUIRED. 
Resolution: N/ PREFLIGHT INSPECTION NOT REQUIRED. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 4 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808942
--- PAGE 5 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 1.15 
ACCOMPLISH BILLING OF CUSTOMER APPROVED OVERTIME AS REQUIRED. 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED BILLING OF CUSTOMER APPROVED OVERTIME AS REQUIRED. 
Discrepancy: 1.16 
STM PROJECT MANAGEMENT 
Resolution: 
Step: 1.16.1 
in Progress SVC 
Step: 1.16.2 
Open 
AVI 
Step: 1.16.3 
Open 
AVS 
Step: 1.16.4 
Open 
RFB 
Item: 6 
AVIONICS 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial NolTail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 6.1 
THE BATTERY VOLTAGE INDICATIONS ON THE EPMP ARE ERRATIC AND CHANGE WITH DIMMER 
ROTATION. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
13.55 
@ 
$142.00 
$1,924.10 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$29,700.00 
Services USD: 
Time and Material 
SI0,718.00
Total USE): 
$42,342.10 
Paris: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.1 #1 
1159SCAV373-1007 
PANEL,ELEC POWER 
$29,700.00 
$29,700.00 
NIGNIT-1B118-2/1,3118-2-D 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
6.1 #2 
GAC REPAIRS 
1.00 
$10,718.00 
$10,718.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoicelpt 2011 
Page 5 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808943
--- PAGE 6 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Step: 6.1.1 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Completed REMOVED EPMP P/N 1159SCAV337-1007,S/N N1069. INSTALLED A REPAIRED 
EPNIP WITH P/N 1159SCAV337-1007, S/N 063C-2295. REFERENCE FORM 8130 
WITH TRACKING # GAL-L18-ELE-014 DATED 15-FEB-2018 FROM 
GULFSTREAM AUTHORIZATION# CRS2GDR2I6B . ALL WORK DONE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH CMP CODE 245060. 
Discrepancy: 6.2 
WHILE C/W ANTENNA COAX CENTER CONDUCTOR INSPECTION FOUND ATG4000 -.16 (RED) COAX 
CENTER CONDUCTOR SHORTED TO SHIELD. 
Resolution: DISCONNECTED ALL CONNECTORS FROM ATG4000 AND CHECKED CENTER CONDUCTOR TO SHIELD, 
FOUND OPEN, CHECKED GOOD AT THIS TIME. WORK WAS DONE WITH REFERENCE TO GOGO BUSINESS 
AVIATION ATG 4000, GOGO BIZ, INSTALLATION MANUAL, INSTALLATION MANUAL PART NUMBER 
D13485. RECONNECTED ALL CONNECTORS TO ATG4000. 
Labor USD: 
Total USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.00 
® 
$142.00 
$142.00 
$142.00 
Discrepancy: 63 
THE TCAS SYSTEM HAS FAILED. COMPUTER WILL NOT RESPOND TO SELF TEST INPUTS. 
Resolution: GAINED ACCESS TO THE TOP TCAS ANTENNA. PERFORMED RESISTANCE CHECK OF THE ANTENNA 
COAXIAL CONNECTIONS, (ANTENNA SIDE). FOUND THAT J4 (RED) RESISTANCE READING WAS 
CONSIDERABLY LOWER THAN MINIMUM ALLOWABLE RESISTANCE, (READING WAS 58 OHMS, PROPER 
READING SHOULD BE 2000 (+/- 200 OHMS), AS PER HONEYWELL SYSTEM DESCRIPTION INSTALLATION 
MANUAL. WORK WAS DONE WITH REFERENCE TO HONEYWELL SYSTEM DESCRIPTION INSTALLATION 
MANUAL, 34-43-00. REMOVED UPPER TCAS ANTENNA P/N 7514060-902 SN 91091059. WHILE REMOVING 
UPPER TCAS ANTENNA, FOUND COAX CONNECTOR 501AN1P3, PN 225349-6 TO SPIN FREELY INDICATING 
FAULTY SHIELD CRIMP. INSTALLED NEW COAXIAL CONNECTOR WITH PIN 225554-6, NSN FROM GAC 
BAF MAIN STOCK ROOM. PERFORMED CENTER CONDUCTOR TO SHIELD CHECK AND CONTINUITY 
CHECK OF COAX. BOTH CHECKS TESTED GOOD. ALL WORK PERFORMED IAW WESTERN COMMANDER 
DWG# 08069372, TR CONNECTIVITY DRAWING NO. C-225349. 
RECEIVED AN OK TO INSTALL AND INSTALLED AN INSPECTED TCAS TOP ANTENNA P/N:7514060-902, 
S/N:ANE53059, RECEIVED FROM ACSS REPAIR AND OVERHAUL, WITH CERT. NO:L3ZR029X, REF. FORM 
8130-3 TRACKING NO:CQ-68732, DATED 28 FEB, 2018, IAW GIV CMP CODE 344315. REFER TO SQUAWK 17.25 
FOR THE REQUIRED TCAS FUNCTIONAL TEST. SEE STEPS 63.1 UP TO 63.6 FOR DETAILS OF WORK 
ACCOMPLISHED. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time anti Material 
ST 
23.17 
® 
$142.00 
$3,290.14 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$10,044.25 
Total USD: 
$13,334.39 
Pans: 
Ref'. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
#1 
7514060-902 
ANTENNA, DIRECTIONAL, TCAS, 
AT-910 
$9,995.00 
$9,995.00 
63#3 
225554-6 
CONNECTOR, TNC 90 DEGREE 
$41.49 
$41.49 
COAX 
63#4 
ATUM500-0 
HEAT SHRINK W/SEAL 1/2 
$5.00 
$5.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 6 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808944
--- PAGE 7 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Parts: 
Ref'. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
#6 
NA.S1149C0332R 
WASHER 
$0.23 
Step: 6.3.1 
Completed 
GAINED ACCESS TO THE TOP TCAS ANTENNA. PERFORMED RESISTANCE 
CHECK OF THE ANTENNA COAXIAL CONNECTIONS, (ANTENNA SIDE). 
FOUND THAT J4 (RED) RESISTANCE READING WAS CONSIDERABLY LOWER 
THAN MINIMUM ALLOWABLE RESISTANCE, (READING WAS 58 OHMS, 
PROPER READING SHOULD BE 2000 (+1- 200 OHMS), AS PER HONEYWELL 
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION INSTALLATION MANUAL. WORK WAS DONE WITH 
REFERENCE TO HONEYWELL SYSTEM DESCRIPTION INSTALLATION 
MANUAL, 34-43-00. 
Step: 6.3.2 
Completed 
GAINED ACCESS TO AND REMOVED UPPER TCAS ANTENNA P/N 7514060-902 
SN 91091059. ALL WORK ACCOMPLISHED IAW GIV MM 34-47-05 
Step: 6.3.3 
Completed 
WHILE REMOVING UPPER TCAS ANTENNA, FOUND COAX CONNECTOR 
50IANIP3, PN 225349-6 
TO SPIN FREELY INDICATING FAULTY SHIELD CRIMP. CONNECTOR THEN 
REMOVED FROM CABLE, WILL REQUIRE REPLACEMENT. ALL WORK 
ACCOMPLISHED GIV MM IAW 34-47-05, WESTERN COMMANDER DRAWING 
08069372 
Step: 6.3.4 
Completed 
CHECKED CONTINUITY OF COAX CABLES BETWEEN TCAS UPPER 
ANTENNA AND TCAS COMPUTER. THE FOLLOWING RUNS WERE VERIFIED: 
501ANIPI TO 502AIPIA PIN I, 50IANIP2 TO 502AIP IA PIN 2, 50IANIP3 TO 
502AI PIA PIN 3, AND SOIAN I P4 TO 502AI PIA PIN 4. ALL RUNS CHECKED 
GOOD. NO DEFECTS NOTED. ALL WORK ACCOMPLISHED IAW WESTERN 
COMMANDER DWG 08069372. 
Step: 6.3.5 
Completed 
INSTALLED NEW COAXIAL CONNECTOR WITH PIN 225554-6, NSN FROM GAC 
BAF MAIN STOCK ROOM. PERFORMED CENTER CONDUCTOR TO SHIELD 
CHECK AND CONTINUITY CHECK OF COAX. BOTH CHECKS TESTED GOOD. 
ALL WORK PERFORMED IAW WESTERN COMMANDER DWG# 08069372, TR 
CONNECTIVITY DRAWING NO. C-225349. 
Step: 6.3.6 
Completed 
RECEIVED AN OK TO INSTALL AND INSTALLED AN INSPECTED TCAS TOP 
ANTENNA P/N:7514060-902, S/N:ANE53059, RECEIVED FROM ACSS REPAIR 
AND OVERHAUL, WITH CERT. NO:L3ZR029X, REF. FORM 8130-3 TRACKING 
NO:CQ-68732, DATED 28 FEB, 2018, IAW GIV CMP CODE 344315. REFER TO 
SQUAWK 17.25 FOR THE REQUIRED TCAS FUNCTIONAL TEST. 
$2.76 
Item: 7 
INTERIOR 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
PartfModel #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 7.1 
Resolution: 
TO PROVIDE DOCUMENTATION OF REMOVED/REINSTALLED INTERIOR COMPONENTS ONLY. 
Discrepancy: 7.2 
CUSTOMER REQUESTS TO REMOVE ENTRYWAY WOODWORK AND PROVIDE TO HIM. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoicelpt 2011 
Page 7 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808945
--- PAGE 8 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.51 
@ 
$142.00 
Total USD: 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
$782.42 
$782.42 
Step: 7.2.1 
Completed PROVIDED THE FOLLOWING INTERIOR PIECES TO THE CUSTOMER: 
L/H NlED CURTAIN CABINET DOOR (RI 170) 
AFT ENTRYWAY PANEL (RI 200) 
FWD ENTRYWAY PANEL (RI 199) 
COPILOT ENTRY PANEL (RI 174) 
PILOT SIDE ENTRY PANEL (RI 173) 
FWD ENTRYWAY BULKHEAD JAMB (RI 177) 
Item: 9 
PAINT 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 9.1 
PAINT REPLACEMENT R/H IB FLIGHT SPOILER BOARD TO MATCH AIRCRAFT. 
Resolution: PREPPED TOP SIDE AND BOTTOM SIDE OF R/H IB SPOILER BOARD. MASKED OFF AREAS NOT TO BE 
PAINTED. WASHED TO REMOVE CONTAMINANTS.APPLIED JET-GLOW BLACK AS TOPCOAT. ALL WORK 
liA/W GIV SRM 51-07-10 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
10.14 
@ 
$142.00 
$1,439.88 
Total USD: 
$1,439.88 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
9.1 #1 
U01955-QT 
PAINT, JET GLO GLOSS BLACK, 
$0.00 
QUART 
Step: 9.1.1 
Completed 
PREPPED BOTTOM SIDE OF R/H IB SPOILER BOARD AND MASKED OFF 
AREAS NOT TO BE PAINTED. THEN SOLVANT CLEANED AND APPLIED 
EPDXY PRIMER FOLLOWED BY JET GLOW 01955 BLACK TOP COAL ALL 
WORK I/A/W GIV SRM 51-07-10 
Step: 9.1.2 
Completed 
PREPPED TOP SIDE OF Rai IB SPOILER BOARD. MASKED OFF AREAS NOT 
TO BE PAINTED. WASHED TO REMOVE CONTAMINANTS.APPLIED 
JET-GLOW BLACK AS TOPCOAT. ALL WORK UA/W GIV SRM 51-07-10 
$0.00 
Item: 10 
ADMINISTRATIVE USE ONLY, NO RETURN TO SERVICE REQUIRED - NON-REGULATORY ITEMS 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial NolTail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 10.1 
ADMINISTRATIVE USE TO PROCESS PARTS FOR RETURN FOR CREDIT ONLY. 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 8 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808946
--- PAGE 9 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Parts: 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
10.1 #12 
SE05000901-912S73-37 
BUSHING, STD REPAIR-CONT SURF 
10.1 #I5 
1159C520443-51 
WEIGHT ELEVATOR BALLAST 
IO.I #I6 
1159C520443-53 
DOUBLER ELEVATOR BALLAST 
I 
Discrepancy: 10.2 
ADMINISTRATIVE USE TO HOLD PARTS AND SERVICES THAT REQUIRE BILLING ON SQUAWKS. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$54.82 
Services USD: 
Time and Material 
S2.90
Total USD: 
$57.72 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
10.2 #1 
MS20004-18 
BOLT 
$14.21 
528.42 
10.2 #2 
MS20004-20 
BOLT 
$7.42 
$14.84 
10.2 #3 
MS20004-22 
BOLT 
$5.78 
511.56 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
10.2 #1 
ENGINEERING 
1.00 
$1.45 
51.45 
10.2 #2 
ENGINEERING 
1.00 
$1.45 
51.45 
Discrepancy: 10.3 
ADMINISTRATIVE USE TO FUEL AND DEFUEL AIRCRAFT AS REQUIRED. 
Resolution: 
Item: 11 
DISCREPANCY RESOLUTION FOLLOW ON CMP CODES FOR MAINTENANCE MOBILITY 
DOCUMENTATION 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
PartfModel #: 
AC Serial Nolan No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 11.1 
CMP GIV 282017 FUEL BOOST PUMP (LEFT ALTERNATE) - REMOVAL/ INSTALLATION 
RELATED TO ITEM 15.27 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 282017 FUEL BOOST PUMP (LEFT ALTERNATE) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
TORQUE WRENCH ID 141698M00 CAL. DUE DATE: 03/21/2019. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 9 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808947
--- PAGE 10 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 11.2 
CMP GIV 282018 FUEL BOOST PUMP (RIGHT ALTERNATE) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
RELATED TO ITEM 15.32 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 282018 FUEL BOOST PUMP (RIGHT ALTERNATE) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
TORQUE WRENCH ID #1698M00 CAL. DUE DATE: 03/21/2019. 
Discrepancy: 113 
CMP GIV 245060 Electrical Power Management Panel - Removal Installation 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 11.4 
CMP GIV 535004 TAIL CONE - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
RELATED TO ITEM 13.24 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 535004 Tail Cone - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 11.5 
CMP GIV 974560 ASC456 WING SPOILER REPLACE (RIGHT INBORAD FLIGHT) 
RELATED TO ITEM 14.18 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH ASC NUMBER 456 FLIGHT CONTROL SYSTEMS ATA27 WING SPOILER BOARD 
REPLACEMENT RIGHT INBOARD FLIGHT 
DATED MAY 21, 2004 UPDATED CMP GIV 974560 ASC456 WING SPOILER REPLACE RIGHT INBOARD 
FLIGHT AS REQUIRED 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 10 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808948
--- PAGE 11 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Discrepancy: 11.6 
CMP GIV 316701 XM WEATHER ANTENNA 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
RELATED TO ITEM 14.68 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 316701 XM WEATHER ANTENNA. 
Discrepancy: 11.7 
CMP GIV 245061 PANEL, EPMP—OPS TEST 
RELATED TO ITEM 6.1 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 11.8 
CMPO IV 974541 ASC 454A SPOILER BOARD REPLACEMENT (RIGHT GROUND) 
RELAfED TO ITEM 14.67 
Resolution: COMPLIED NS1TH CMP GIV 974541 ASC 454A SPOILER BOARD REPLACEMENT (RIGHT GROUND) DATED 
3-11-08. 
THE 24 MONTH HONEYCOMB BOND TEST (CMP 510070) AND THE 72 MONTH COMPOSITE NDT 
INSPECTION (CMP 570075) DO NOT APPLY TO THIS SPOILER BOARD. 
UPDATED WEIGHT AND BALANCE AS REQUIRED. 
Discrepancy: 11.9 
CMP GIV 304025 WINDSHIELD HEAT CONTROLLER (LEFT FRONT / RIGHT SIDE) - REMOVAL / 
INSTALLATION 
RELATED TO 18.5 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 304025 WINDSHIELD HEAT CONTROLLER (LEFT FRONT / RIGHT SIDE) - 
REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
REMOVED AND REINSTALLED WINDSHIELD HEAT CONTROLLER (LEFT FRONT / RIGHT SIDE) P/N 574-3, 
S/N 0949. ALL WORK PERFORMED LAW GIV MM 30-04-01. 
SEE ITEM 11.11 FOR OPERATIONAL CHECK 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliininaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 11 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808949
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 11.10 
CMP GIV 304026 WINDSHIELD HEAT CONTROLLER (RIGHT FRONT / LEFT SIDE) - REMOVAL / 
INSTALLATION 
RELATED TO 18.5 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 304026 WINDSHIELD HEAT CONTROLLER (RIGHT FRONT / LEFT SIDE) - 
REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
REMOVED AND REINSTALLED WINDSHIELD HEAT CONTROLLER (LEFT FRONT/ RIGHT SIDE) P/N 574-3, 
S/N 0568. ALL WORK PERFORMED lAW GIV MM 30-04-01. 
SEE ITEM 11.11 FOR OPERATIONAL CHECK 
Discrepancy: 11.11 
CMP GIV 304001 WINDSHIELD HEAT—OPS TEST 
RELATED TO 18.5 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 304001 WINDSHIELD HEAT—OPS TEST 
Discrepancy: 11.12 
CMP GIV 240108 STANDBY POWER SYSTEM - OPERATIONAL TEST 
RELATED TO 18.5 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 240108 Standby Power System - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 11.13 CMP GIV 276052 SW, R GRD SPOIL WARN(0752)-ADJ 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276052 SW, R GRD SPOIL WARN(0752)-ADJ 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelintinaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 12 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808950
--- PAGE 13 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 11.14 CMP GIV 344315 TRAFFIC COLLISION AVOIDANCE SYSTEM TOP ANTENNA - REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION 
RELATED TO SQUAWK 6.3 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 344315 TRAFFIC COLLISION AVOIDANCE SYSTEM TOP ANTENNA - REMOVAL / 
INSTALLATION. 
REMOVED UPPER TCAS ANTENNA P/N 7514060-902 SN 91091059. RECEIVED AN OK TO INSTALL AND 
INSTALLED AN INSPECTED TCAS TOP ANTENNA P/N:7514060-902, S/N:ANE53059, RECEIVED FROM ACSS 
REPAIR AND OVERHAUL, WITH CERT. NO:L3ZR029X, REF. FORM 8130-3 TRACKING NO:CQ-68732, DATED 
FEB, 2018, IAW GIV CMP CODE 344315. 
Discrepancy: 11.15 CMP GIV 344315 TRAFFIC COLLISION AVOIDANCE SYSTEM TOP ANTENNA - REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION 
RELATED TO 6.3 
Resolution: N/A DUPLICATE ITEM 
Discrepancy: 
Resolution: 
Resolution: Aborted 
Item: 12 
WCR'S 
Team Manager: Charles Heiwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial NolTail No.: 
TSN/TS0: 
CSN/CS0: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 
Resolution: 
Resolution: Aborted 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 13 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808951
--- PAGE 14 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Item: 13 
MONTH FLIGHT CONTROL INSP (GIV SN 1085) 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
ParVModel #: 
AC Serial Nofrail No.: 
TSN/TS0: 
CSN/CS0: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 13.1 
MONTH FLIGHT CONTROL INSPECTIONS 
Resolution: 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
ACCOMPLISH THE GIV 72 MONTH FLIGHT CONTROL INSPECTIONS. (SEE EXHIBIT 1) 
NOTE: CUSTOMER HAS THE OPTION TO PURCHASE THE 72 MONTH FLIGHT CONTROL KIT OR 
ORDER PARTS SEPARATELY. THIS ITEM AS QUOTED INCLUDES THE FLIGHT CONTROL KIT. SOME 
COMPONENTS INCLUDED IN THIS KIT MAY NOT BE REQUIRED DUE TO VARYING HARDWARE 
CONFIGURATIONS. IF THE 72 MONTH FLIGHT CONTROL KIT IS REQUESTED AND OPENED, A 
RESTOCKING FEE WILL BE REQUIRED FOR RETURNED 
KITS. ANY COMPONENTS NOT INCLUDED WITH THIS KIT WILL BE BILLED SEPARATELY. THE 
SEVENTY-TWO (72) MONTH KIT PROVIDES PARTS NECESSARY TO COMPLY WITH SEVENTY-TWO 
(72) MONTH FLIGHT CONTROL INSPECTION ITEMS ONLY. ANY REQUIRED PARTS THAT BECOME 
NECESSARY DUE TO DAMAGE FOUND (I.E., CORROSION AND/OR NORMAL WEAR AND TEAR TO 
ANY PARTS REMOVED AND/OR INSPECTED) 
ARE NOT PRICED IN THIS PROPOSAL AS THEY ARE PROVIDED "AS NEEDED". THIS KIT DOES NOT 
INCLUDE THE FLIGHT CONTROL BELL-CRANKS. 
RE: PROPOSALS/ 7042687 ROO (GACO218-2687-GIV-1085-R00)-1.1 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Flat Rate 
Flat Rate 
Rate 
Total 
$38,088.00 
$9,672.00 
$47,760.00 
Discrepancy: 13.2 
Resolution: 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
COMPLY WITH THE 72 MONTH FLIGHT CONTROL INSPECTION SERVICE CMP CODES BELOW: 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
13.2 #23 
G4 72N1ONTH KIT 1 
MONTH INSPECTION 11000-3999 
13.2 #1 
NAS6604DI9 
BOLT, HEX HD-CL TOL, DRILLED 
SIIK 
13.2 #2 
NASII49D041611 
WASHER, FLAT ALUMINUM 
13.2 #3 
NAS1149D046311 
WASHER 
13.2 #4 
MSI7825-4 
NUT SELF 
LKG-CASTELLATED,STEEL 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 14 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808952
--- PAGE 15 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
WO14: SC18654 
Description 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Quantity 
13.2 #5 
MS24665-I53 
PIN, COTTER 
13.2 #6 
NAS6604D2I 
BOLT HEX IID-CL TOL,DRILLED 
SIIK 
13.2 1$7 
44GNOII-30Z 
TOUCHUP KIT, DEFT EPDXY SPRAY 
PRIMER & CATALYST - ADD WATER 
[INTERNAL USE ONLY) 
13.2 08 
7416-6101-132 
SHIM,.030 THK,5 IN X 20 IN,ARTUS 
13.2 #9 
NAS6604DI4 
BOLT, HEX HD-CL TOL, DRILLED 
SHIC, JIT 
13.2 #10 
NAS6606D3I 
BOLT liEX IID-CL TOL,DRILLED 
StIK 
13.2 011 
NAS6606D3I 
BOLT liEX 11D-CL TOL,DRILLED 
StIK 
13.2 #12 
MS24665-302 
COTTER PIN 
13.2 #13 
MS27039-1-1' 
SCREW-MACHINE,PAN HEAD 
13.2 #14 
MS35338-43 
WASHER 
13.2 015 
NASI149F0363P 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL 
13.2 016 
MS2I042-3 
NUT, SLF-LKG, 450 DEG, RDC HEX, 
RDC IIGT, RING BASE, NON-CRES 
13.2 017 
NASI149D0332J 
WASHER 
13.2 018 
MS2I042L3 
NUT 
13.2 019 
NASI581F3T2 
BOLT 
13.2 #20 
MS27039-08Il 
SCREW-MACHINE, PAN HD, CROSS 
REC 
13.2 #21 
MS2I042-08 
NUT-SELF LOCKING,RING BASE 
13.2 022 
PR1422A2 
SEALANT 
13.2 024 
NAS6204-IID 
BOLT 
13.2 025 
NAS6204-I6D 
BOLT 
13.2 026 
NAS1149D0416II 
WASHER, FLAT ALUMINUM 
13.2 027 
I159SCF457-15 
VINYL DOTS, SCREW HEAD RECESS 
COVER (GREEN) 
13.2 #28 
AMS-SUO2TYPE2B2 
SEALANT (6 OZ.) 
13.2 029 
NASI149C0563R 
WASHER-FLAT CRES 
13.2 030 
AN3I0-5 
NUT 
13.2 031 
NAS6204-I5D 
BOLT 
13.2 #32 
AN3I0-5 
NUT 
13.2 #33 
NASI149DN832H 
WASHER, FLAT 
13.2 034 
MS5I957-46B 
SCREW 
13.2 #35 
NASI149CN832B 
FLAT WASHER 
13.2 036 
MSI7825-6 
NUT, SELF 
LOCKING-CASTELLATED,STEEL 
13.2 037 
NASII49C0663R 
WASHER 
13.2 038 
NAS6605D66Y 
BOLT 
13.2 039 
MS21059L08 
NUTPLATE, SELF-LOCKING 
13.2 040 
MSI7826-4 
NUT 
13.2 041 
MS24665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
13.2 #42 
NAS6204-46D 
BOLT 
13.2 #43 
MS20002C4 
WASHER 
13.2 #44 
NASII49F0432P 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL (SAME AS 
AN960-416L) 
13.2 #45 
MSI7826-4 
NUT 
13.2 #46 
MS24665-151 
COTTER PIN 
13.2 #47 
NASI149D046311 
WASHER 
13.2 #48 
MS24665-I53 
PIN, COTTER 
13.2 #49 
MSI7826-8 
NUT 
13.2 #50 
MS20002-6 
WASHER 
13.2 051 
MS27039-I-07 
SCREW 
13.2 052 
NAS1149D0316II 
WASHER 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page IS of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808953
--- PAGE 16 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
BOLT 
NUT 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL 
WIRE, SAFETY CABLE .032 x Hi" 
KEY LOCK 
SCREW 
BOLT 
BOLT 
SCREW 
SCREW,MACHINE,FLAT CTSK 
HD,100DEG,STFtL 
SCREW, MACHINE 
BUTTON HEAD SCREW 
SCREW,MACHINE,FLAT CTSK 
liD,100DEG,STRL 
SCREW 
WASHER 
WASHER 
COTTER PIN 
BOLT HEX HD-CL TOL,DRILLED 
SEIK 
WASHER 
JUMPER-ELEC BONDING,7.0 IN 
JUMPER, ELECTRICAL BONDING 5 
IN 
JUMPER-ELEC BONDING,I0 IN 
KIT, 2 OZ MATTERHORN 
WHITE/TOPCOAT 
SCREW,MACHINE,FLAT CTSK 
IlD,100DEG,STRL 
BOLT, 100 DEG FRII, OFS 
CRUCIFORM, 95 KSI 
SCREW 
BOLT 
WASHER-FLAT ALUM 
NUT, STEEL SELF-LOCKING 
CASTELLATED 
SEALANT,6OZ #654 SEMKIT 
SCREW 
SCREW 
NUT-SELF LOCKING,RING BASE 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Quantity 
13.2 #53 
13.2 #54 
13.2 #55 
13.2 #56 
13.2 #57 
13.2 #58 
13.2 #59 
13.2 #60 
13.2 #61 
13.2 #62 
13.2 #63 
13.2 #64 
13.2 #65 
13.2 #66 
13.2 #67 
13.2 #68 
13.2 #69 
13.2 #70 
13.2 #71 
13.2 #73 
13.2 #74 
13.2 #75 
13.2 #76 
13.2 #77 
13.2 #78 
13.2 #79 
13.2 #80 
13.2 #81 
13.2 #82 
13.2 #83 
13.2 #84 
13.2 #85 
13.2 #86 
13.2 #87 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
NASI303-5 
AN3I0-5 
NASI149F0332P 
CIO-218 
NAS559-3 
MS24694S4 
GAB5IIGA3-4 
GAB5IIGA3-3 
M52469454 
MS24694-S3 
NAS600-I6P 
NAS601-I6P 
MS24694-S50 
MS24693550 
MS20002C4 
MS20002-4 
MS24665-I55 
NAS6604DI7 
MS20002C8 
MS25083-2BB7 
MS25083-2BB5 
MS25083-2BBI0 
MATTERHORN-KIT-2O 
MS24694-552 
NASI581C3T2 
NASI581C3T3 
NAS6605-24 
NAS1149D0563II 
MSI7825-5 
PRI440B1-2-654 
MS24694C4 
MS35206-244 
MS2I042-08 
NASI149FN816P 
Description 
GAC REPAIRS 
1159SB30144-15 
GAC REPAIRS 
1159SB30144-16 
13.2 #1 
Part Ref: 
13.2 #2 
Part Ref: 
13.2 #3 
Part Ref: 
13.2 #4 
Part Ref: 
13.2 #5 
Part Ref: 
GAC REPAIRS 
1159SB30144-1I 
GAC REPAIRS 
1159SB30144-12 
GAC REPAIRS 
1159SB30144-19 
13.2 #6 
GAC REPAIRS 
CRANK ASSY 
CRANK ASSY 
CRANK ASSY 
CRANK ASSY 
CRANK ASSY 
I0 
II 
Quantity 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 16 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808954
--- PAGE 17 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
 Description 
Quantity 
Part Ref: 1159SB30144-20 CRANK ASSEMBLY 
Discrepancy: 13.3 
ACCOMPLISH INCOMING AND OUTGOING FLIGHT CONTROL THROWS USING THE GIV 72 MONTH 
FLIGHT CONTROL THROWS TRAVELER QCT 071 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 13.4 
CMP GIV 271002 LATERAL PWR SYS—OPS TEST 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271002 LATERAL PWR SYS-OPS TEST 
Discrepancy: 13.5 
CMP GIV 271003 LATERAL CONT SYS-FRICTION CK 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271003 LATERAL CONT SYS-FRICTION CK 
Discrepancy: 13.6 
CMP GIN' 272001 RUDDER CONT SYS-OPS TEST 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 272001 RUDDER CONT SYS--OPS TEST 
Discrepancy: 13.7 
CMP GIV 273001 ELEVATOR CONTROL SYS, OPS CK 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273001 ELEVATOR CONTROL SYS, OPS CK 
Discrepancy: 13.8 
CMP GIV 276008 GROUND SPOILER SYS-RIG CHECK 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 17 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808955
--- PAGE 18 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276008 GROUND SPOILER SYS-RIG CHECK 
Discrepancy: 13.9 
CMP GIV 276005 Speed Brake - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276005 Speed Brake - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 13.10 CMP GIV 276030 Speed Brake System - Rigging Check 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276030 SPEED BRAKE SYSTEM - RIGGING CHECK 
DURING RIGGING CHECK, NOTED L/H & R/H GROUND SPOILERS THROWS TO BE OUT OF LIMITS. 
ADJUSTED G/S INPUT ROD TO BRING THROWS WITHIN LIMITS [ANY GIV MM 27-02-00. OPS CHECK GOOD 
AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 13.11 CMP GIV 273003 ELEVATOR FREE PLAY - INSPECTION 
*ACCOMPLISH BEFORE AND AFTER ELEVATOR MAINTENANCE.* 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273003 Elevator Free Play - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.12 CMP GIV 271011 Aileron Trim Tab Actuator - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271011 Aileron Trim Tab Actuator - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.13 CMP GIV 271009 ACTUATOR, AILERON TRIM TAB 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271009 ACTUATOR, AILERON TRIM TAB REMOVALAND INSTALLATION. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelintinaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 18 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808956
--- PAGE 19 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 13.14 CMP GIV 271019 Aileron Actuator (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271019 Aileron Actuator ( Left) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.15 CMI' GIN 271017 ACTCAIOR, LEFT AILERON 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271017 ACTUATOR, LEFT AILERON 
Discrepancy: 13.16 CMP GIV 271020 Aileron Actuator (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271020 Aileron Actuator (Right) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.17 CMP GIV 271018 ACTUATOR, RIGHT AILERON 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH GIV CMP 271018 AILERON ACTUATOR (RIGHT) REMOVAL/INSTALLATION 
REMOVED AND INSTALLED SERVICABLE R/H AILERON ACTUATOR P/N 1159CSH252-2G S/N 2073GT 
Discrepancy: 13.18 CMP GIV 271023 Aileron Boost Bellcrank (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271023 Aileron Boost Bellcrank (Left) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliininaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 19 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A? 
Reel 
EFTA00808957
--- PAGE 20 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 13.19 CMP GIV 271024 Aileron Boost Bellcrank (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271024 Aileron Boost Bellcrank (Right) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.20 CMP GIV 272011 Rudder Actuator & Fwd Attach Fitting - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 272011 Rudder Actuator and Fwd Attach Fitting - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.21 CMP GIV 272017 Rudder Trim Actuator - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 272017 Rudder Trim Actuator - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.22 CMP GIV 272014 ACTUATOR, RUDDER TRIM 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 272014 ACTUATOR, RUDDER TRIM 
Discrepancy: 13.23 CMP GIV 272034 Rudder Torque Tube - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 272034 RUDDER TORQUE TUBE - INSPECTION 
RUDDER TORQUE TUBE ASSEMBLED USING NEW HARDWARE PAK: P/N 1159CGSK272034, NSN, PART OF G4 
72MONTH KIT 1 PICKED FROM GAC-WESTFIELD STOCK.. 
INSTALLED RUDDER TORQUE TUBE USING NEW BEARING P/N 1159SCB203-1, NSN, REF GAC-SAV PACKING 
SLIP SASH#17-175934, DATED 12/15/2017. 
TORQUE WRENCH I.D. 1750T00, DUE 4/1/2019 
TORQUE WRENCH I.D. 1750X00, DUE 2/15/2019 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelintinaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 20 of I l 7 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808958
--- PAGE 21 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 13.24 CMP GIV 272009 Rudder Assembly 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 272009 RUDDER - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
PART NUMBER OFF/ON: 1159CS30004-3 
SERIAL NUMBER OFF/ON: 1276 
Discrepancy: 13.25 CMP GIV 272035 Rudder Torque Tube - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 272035 RUDDER TORQUE TUBE - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
TORQUE WRENCH I.D. 1750T00, DUE 4/1/2019 
TORQUE WRENCH I.D. 1750X00, DUE 2/15/2019 
Discrepancy: 13.26 CMP GIV 273009 Elevator Actuator - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273009 Elevator Actuator - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.27 CMP GIV 273077 Elevator Hinge Fitting (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273077 ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (LEFT) - INSPECTION 
TORQUE WRENCH I.D. 1750T00, DUE 4/1/2019 
TORQUE WRENCH I.D. 1750X00, DUE 2/15/2019 
Discrepancy: 13.28 CMP GIV 273007 Elevator (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 21 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808959
--- PAGE 22 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 13.29 CMP GIV 273015 ACTUATOR, L ELEV TRIM TAB 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273015 ACTUATOR, L ELEV TRIM TAB REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION. 
Discrepancy: 13.30 CMP GIV 273078 Elevator Hinge Fitting (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: RQCI: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273078 ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (RIGHT) - INSPECTION 
Discrepancy: 13.31 CMP GIV 273008 Elevator (Right) 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 13.32 CMP GIV 273016 ACTUATOR, R ELEV TRIM TAB 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273016 ACTUATOR, R ELEV TRIM TAB 
Discrepancy: 13.33 CMP GIV 276011 Ground Spoiler Actuator (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276011 Ground Spoiler Actuator (Left) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliininaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 22 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808960
--- PAGE 23 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 1334 CMP GIV 276009 ACTUATOR, L GRD SPOILER 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276009 ACTUATOR, L GRD SPOILER 
Discrepancy: 13.35 CMP GIV 276081 Ground Spoiler Bellcrank Assembly (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276081 GROUND SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY (LEFT) - REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION. 
REMOVED L/H GROUND SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSY, P/N: 11595B30144-19 INSTALLED REPAIRED 
BELLCRANK ASSY, P/N: 115951B0144-19. REF GAC SAV, CERT# GR4R216M, 8130-3, DATED 01 JUNE 2018 
WITH TRACKING# 20180601003859 AND ATTACHED WO# RC556415.5. 
REMOVED WORN GROUND SPOILER BELLCRANK PIN WITH P/N 1159CM30252-15 AND INSTALLED A NEW 
GROUND SPOILER BELLCRANK PIN WITH PIN 1159CM30252-15 RECEIVED FROM GAC WITH 8130 
TRACKING #20180325035202 DATED 25 MAR 2018, CERT #ODA-511131-CE. 
Step: 1335.1 
Step: 1335.2 
Completed 
Completed 
REMOVED WORN GROUND SPOILER BELLCRANK PIN WITH P/N 
1159CM30252-15 AND INSTALLED A NEW GROUND SPOILER BELLCRANK PIN 
WITII P/N 1159CM30252-15 RECEIVED FROM GAC WITH 8130 TRACKING 
#20180325035202 DATED 25 MAR 2018, CERT #ODA-511131-CE. 
REMOVED LAI GROUND SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSY, P/N: 1159SB30144-19 
AND SENT TO GAC SAV FOR REPAIIR. RECIEVED REPAIRED BELLCRANK 
ASSY, P/N: I159SB30144-19. REF GAC SAV, CERT', GR4R216M, 8130-3, DATED 01 
JUNE 2018 WITH TRACKING# 20180601003859 AND ATTACHED WO# 
RC556415.5. 
Discrepancy: 13.36 CMP GIV 276012 Ground Spoiler Actuator (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276012 Ground Spoiler Actuator (Right) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 1337 CMP GIV 276010 ACTUATOR, R GRD SPOILER 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276010 ACTUATOR, R GRD SPOILER 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelintinaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 23 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808961
--- PAGE 24 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 13.38 CMP GIV 276082 Ground Spoiler Bellcrank Assembly (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
PERFORMED MAGNETIC PARTICLE INSPECTION ON GROUND SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY BOLT. 
INSPECTION PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT NON 
DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 4.0 MAGNETIC PARTICLE REVISION 25 DECEMBER 15, 2017. NO 
DEFECTS NOTED. 
REMOVED OLD BELLCRANK ASSY WITH P/N 1159SB30144-20, SIN NSN. INSTALLED A REPAIRED 
BELLCRANK ASSY WITH P/N 115951B0144-20, S/N NSN. REFERENCE 8130-3 WITH TRACKING 
#20180607121725 DATED 07 JUN 2018 FROM GAC SAVANNAH AUTHORIZATION# CRS GR4Ft216M . ALL 
WORK DONE IN ACCORDANCE WITH CMP CODE 276082. 
TQ WRENCH ID# 1750U00 CAL NEXT DUE DATE 10/16/2018 
TQ WRENCH ID# 1750Y00 CAL NEXT DUE DATE 2/15/2019 
Step: 13.38.1 
Completed PERFORMED MAGNETIC PARTICLE INSPECTION ON GROUND SPOILER 
BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY BOLT. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT NON DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES 
MANUAL 4.0 MAGNETIC PARTICLE REVISION 25 DECEMBER 15, 2017. NO 
DEFECTS NOTED. 
Discrepancy: 13.39 CMP GIV 276033 Flight Spoiler Actuator (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276033 Flight Spoiler Actuator (Left) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.40 CMP GIV 276031 Flight Spoiler Actuator (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276031 Flight Spoiler Actuator (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 13.41 CMP GIV 276077 Outboard Flight Spoiler Bellcrank Assembly (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276077 OUTBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY (LEFT) - 
REMOVAL / INSTALLATION. 
REMOVED L/H OUTBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSY, P/N: 1159SB30144-15. INSTALLED 
REPAIRED BELLCRANK ASSY, P/N: 1159SB30144-15. REF GAC SAV, CERT# GR4R2I6M, 8130-3, DATED 01 
JUNE 2018 WITH TRACKING# 20180601000335 AND ATTACHED WO# RC556415.I. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 24 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808962
--- PAGE 25 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Step: 13.41.1 
Completed 
ENTERED IN ERROR MOVED STEP TO PROPER ITEM 13.42 
Step: 13.41.2 
Completed 
REMOVED VII OUTBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSY, PIN: 
1159SB30144-15 AND SENT TO GAC SAV FOR REPAIIR. RECIEVED REPAIRED 
BELLCRANK ASSY, P/N: 1159SB30144-15. REF GAC SAV, CEEMIGR411216M, 
8130-3, DATED 01 JUNE 2018 WITH TRACKING# 20180601000335 AND 
ATTACHED WON RC556415.1. 
Discrepancy: 13.42 CMP GIV 276079 Inboard Flight Spoiler Bellcrank Assembly (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276079 INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY (LEFT) - REMOVAL 
/INSTALLATION. 
REMOVED L/H INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSY, P/N: 1159SB30144-11 AND SENT TO GAC SAV 
FOR REPAIIR. RECIEVED AND INSTALLED REPAIRED BELLCRANK ASSY, P/N: 1159SB30144-11. REF GAC 
SAV, CERT# GR4R216M, 8130-3, DATED 01 JUNE 2018 WITH TRACKING# 20180607114035 AND ATTACHED 
WO# RC556415.3. 
PERFORMED MAGNETIC PARTICLE INSPECTION ON OUTBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK 
ASSEMBLY BOLT. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 4.0 MAGNETIC PARTICLE REVISION 25 DECEMBER 15, 2017. 
NO DEFECTS NOTED. 
Step: 13.42.1 
Completed 
PERFORMED MAGNETIC PARTICLE INSPECTION ON OUTBOARD FLIGHT 
SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY BOLT. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT NON DESTRUCTIVE 
PROCEDURES MANUAL 4.0 MAGNETIC PARTICLE REVISION 25 DECEMBER 
15, 2017. NO DEFECTS NOTED 
Step: 13.42.2 
Completed 
REMOVED Ulf INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSY, PIN: 
1159SB30144-11 AND SENT TO GAC SAV FOR REPAIIR. RECIEVED REPAIRED 
BELLCRANK ASSY, P/N: 1159M330144-II. REF GAC SAY, CERT# CR41221661, 
8130-3, DATED 01 JUNE 2018 WITH TRACKING# 20180607114035 AND 
ATTACHED WON RC556415.3. 
Discrepancy: 13.43 CMP GIV 276034 Flight Spoiler Actuator (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276034 Flight Spoiler Actuator (Right) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.44 CMP GIV 276032 Flight Spoiler Actuator (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276032 Flight Spoiler Actuator (Right) - Removal / Installation 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 25 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808963
--- PAGE 26 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 13.45 CMP GIV 276078 Outboard Flight Spoiler Bellcrank Assembly (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED WORN OUTBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK BOLT WITH P/N NAS1310-56D AND 
INSTALLED A NEW OUTBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK BOLT WITH P/N NAS1310-56D. RECEIVED C 
OF C FROM KLX, W/O# WEP018-02645 PACKING SLIP DATED 5-30-18 
REMOVED OLD BELLCRANK ASSY WITH P/N 11595630144-16, SIN NSN. INSTALLED A REPAIRED 
BELLCRANK ASSY WITH P/N 115951230144-16, SIN NSN. REFERENCE 8130-3 WITH TRACKING # 
20180601005613 DATED 01 JUN 2018 FROM GAC SAVANNAH AUTHORIZATION# CRS GR4R216M . ALL 
WORK DONE IAW GIV CMP 276078 
TQ WRENCH ID# 1750U00 CAL NEXT DUE DATE 10/16/2018 
TQ WRENCH ID# 1750Y00 CAL NEXT DUE DATE 2/15/2019 
Step: 13.45.1 
Completed 
REMOVED WORN OUTBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK BOLT WITH 
P/N NASI310-56D AND INSTALLED A NEW OUTBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER 
BELLCRANK BOLT WITH PIN NASI310-56D. RECEIVED C OF C FROM KLX, 
W/O# WEPOI8-02645 PACKING SLIP DATED 5-30-18 
Discrepancy: 13.46 CMP GIV 276080 Inboard Flight Spoiler Bellcrank Assembly (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED WORN INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER PIN WITH P/N 1159CM20264-13 AND INSTALLED A NEW 
INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER PIN WITH P/N 1159CM20264-13. RECEIVED FROM GAC SAV PACKING LIST 
#SASH#13-62020 DATED 05-29-2013. 
REMOVED OLD BELLCRANK ASSY WITH PIN 1159S630144-12. NSNB. REPLACED WITH REPAIRED 
BELLCRANK ASSY WITH P/N 11595B30144-12. NSN. REFERENCE 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING NUMBER 
20180601002058 DATED 01 JUN 2018 FROM GAC SAVANNAH CRS# GR4R216M. ALL WORK DONE JAW GIV 
CMP 276080. 
TQ WRENCH ID# 1750U00 CAL NEXT DUE DATE 10/16/2018 
TQ WRENCH ID# 1750Y00 CAL NEXT DUE DATE 2/15/2019 
Step: 13.46.1 
Completed 
REMOVED WORN INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER PIN WITH P/N 1159C8120264-13 
AND INSTALLED A NEW INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER PIN WITH PIN 
II59CM20264-13. RECEIVED FROM GAC SAV PACKING LIST !MASH/013-62020 
DATED 05-29-2013. 
Discrepancy: 13.47 CMP GIV 552011 Elevator Trim Tab Hinge Fitting (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 552011 Elevator Trim Tab Hinge Fitting (Left) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelitninaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 26 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808964
--- PAGE 27 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 13.48 CMP GIV 273013 Trim Tab, Elevator (Left) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273013 Elevator Trim Tab (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 13.49 CMP GIV 552012 Elevator Trim Tab Hinge Fitting (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 552012 Elevator Trim Tab Hinge Fitting (Right) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.50 CMP GW 273014 Trim 
Tab. Elevator (Right) 
Resolution: RQCI: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273014 ELEVATOR TRIM TAB 
RIGHT REMOVAL/ INSTALLATION 
TORQUE WRENCH ID NUMBER 1750T00 
CAL DATE: 4/1/2018 
NEXT CAL DUE 4/1/2019 
Discrepancy: 13.51 CMP GIN' 554015 Rudder / Hinge - Inspection 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 554015 RUDDER / HINGE - INSPECTION 
TORQUE WRENCH ID 1752A00 CAL DATE: 4/19/2018 
TORQUE WRENCH ID 1750500 CAL DATE: 4/19/2018 
Discrepancy: 13.52 CMP GIV 576011 Aileron Hinge Fitting (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 576011 AILERON HINGE FITTING (LEFT) - INSPECTION 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 27 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808965
--- PAGE 28 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 13.53 CMP GIV 271013 Aileron (Left) 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271013 Left Aileron - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 13.54 CMP GIV 576012 Aileron Hinge Fitting (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 576012 AILERON HINGE FITTING (RIGHT) - INSPECTION 
Discrepancy: 13.55 CMP GIV 271014 Aileron (Right) 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271014 RIGHT AILERON - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
PART NUMBER OFF/ON: 1159CS20006-8 
SERIAL NUMBER OFF/ON: 1086 
Discrepancy: 13.56 CMP GIV 576015 Aileron Trim Tab Hinge Fitting - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 576015 Aileron Trim Tab Hinge Fitting - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.57 CMP GIV 271008 Trim Tab, Aileron 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 271008 Aileron Trim Tab - Removal / Installation 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 28 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11At 
Reel 
EFTA00808966
--- PAGE 29 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 13.58 CMP GIV 577005 Flight Spoiler / Hinge (Left Inboard) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 577005 FLIGHT SPOILER / HINGE (LEFT INBOARD) - INSPECTION 
Discrepancy: 13.59 CMP GIV 276071 Inboard Flight Spoiler (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI - COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276071 INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER (LEFT) - REMOVAL/ INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 13.60 CMP GIV 577006 Flight Spoiler / Hinge (Right Inboard) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 577006 Flight Spoiler / Hinge (Right Inboard) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.61 CMP GIV 276072 Inboard Flight Spoiler (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276072 INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER (RIGHT) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION. 
REMOVED THE R/H INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER P/N 1159CSH400050-2 S/N 1090 98897. INSTALLED A 
REPAIRD R/H INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER P/N 1159CS40701-10 S/N 1202557 RECEIVED FROM GULFSTREAM 
SAVANNAH WITH APPROVAL NUMBER GR4R216M. REFERENCE 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING NUMBER 
20180410125532 DATED APRIL 10, 2018..WORK DONE IAW GULFSTREAM GIV 974560 ASC456 WING SPOILER 
REPLACE RIGHT INBORAD FLIGHT. 
TORQUE WRENCH I.D. NUMBER 1750T00 CAL DATE 04/01/2019 AND TORQUE WRENCH I.D. NUMBER 
17961(00 CAL DATE 02/01/2019 
RE-CALCULATED WEIGHT AND BALANCE PER ASC 456. 
PROVIDED CUSTOMER WITH ICA DOCUMENT# GIV-SGER-292 REV "A" MODIFICATION INSPECTION 
PROCEDURES SUPPLEMENT REPORT. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliininaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 29 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808967
--- PAGE 30 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Step: 13.61.1 
Completed RQCI 
COMPLIED WITII CMP GIV 276072 INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER (RIGHT) - 
REMOVAL/ INSTALLATION. 
REMOVED THE Rill INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER P/N 1159C511400050-2 Sri 1090 
98897. INSTALLED A REPAIRD RAI INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER PIN 
1159CS40701-10 SIN 1202557 RECEIVED FROM GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH 
WITH APPROVAL NUMBER GR4R216M. REFERENCE 8130-3 WITII FORM 
TRACKING NUMBER 20180410125532 DATED APRIL 10, 2018..WORK DONE IAW 
GULFSTREAM GIV 974560 ASC456 WING SPOILER REPLACE RIGHT 
INBORAD FLIGHT. 
TORQUE WRENCH I.D. NUMBER 1750T00 CAL DATE 04/01/2019 AND TORQUE 
WRENCH I.D. NUMBER 17%K00 CAL DATE 02/01/2019 
Step: 13.61.2 
Completed RE-CALCULATED WEIGHT AND BALANCE PER ASC 456. 
PROVIDED CUSTOMER WITH ICA DOCUMENT# GIV-SGER-292 REV "A" 
MODIFICATION INSPECTION PROCEDURES SUPPLEMENT REPORT. 
Discrepancy: 13.62 CMP GIV 577007 Flight Spoiler / Hinge (Left Outboard) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 577007 Flight Spoiler / Hinge (Left Outboard) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.63 CMP GIV 276073 Outboard Flight Spoiler (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276073 Outboard Flight Spoiler (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 13.64 CMP GIV 577008 Flight Spoiler / Hinge (Right Outboard) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 577008 Flight Spoiler / Hinge (Right Outboard) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.65 CMP GIV 276074 Outboard Flight Spoiler (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276074 Outboard Flight Spoiler (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 13.66 CMP GIV 577009 Ground Spoiler/ Hinge (Left) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelitninaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 30 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808968
--- PAGE 31 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 577009 Ground Spoiler/ Hinge (Left) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.67 CMP GIV 276075 Ground Spoiler (Left) 
Resolution: RQCI: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276075 GROUND SPOILER (LEFT) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 13.68 CMP GIV 577010 Ground Spoiler / Hinge (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 577010 Ground Spoiler / Hinge (Right) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 13.69 CMP GIV 276076 Ground Spoiler (Right) 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 276076 GROUND SPOILER (RIGHT) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
REPLACED THE DAMAGED SPOILER BOARD P/N 1159CSH40070-2 S/N 1091 98897 WITH A NEW BOARD PIN 
1159CS40700-10 S/N 1193058. REFERENCE EASA FORM 1 FROM SAFRAN NACELLES LIMITED, APPROVAL # 
UK.21G.2117, FORM TRACKING # 80298609-1 DATED 27 OCT 2017. 
WORK DONE IAW ASC454A (REF ITEM 11.8) AND CMP 276076 (REF ITEM 13.69) 
Item: 14 
MONTH FLIGHT CONTROL INSP DISCREPANCIES 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
ParVModel #: 
AC Serial NoJTail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CS0: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 14.1 
ITEM FOR ADDITIONAL TIME DUE TO EXCESS PAINT BUILD UP NOTED WHILE ACCESSING BODY 
FAIRINGS AND FLIGHT CONTROLS. 
Resolution: BILLED ADDITIONAL TIME AS REQUIRED. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 31 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808969
--- PAGE 32 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
14.67 
@ 
$142.00 
$2,083.14 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
S1.00
Total USD: 
¶2.084.14 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.1 #1 
TY2SM 
TY RAP W/NIETAL LOCKING 
50.50 
$1.00 
TAB(BARB) 
Discrepancy: 14.2 
WHILE C/W 276011 L/H GROUND SPOILER ACTUATOR INSPECTION FOUND GROUND SPOILER 
PIVOT PIN TO BE GALLED. 
Resolution: REMOVED DEFECTIVE LH GROUND SPOILER BELLCRANK PIVOT PIN P/N: 1159CM30252-15 NSN AND 
REPLACED WITH NEW PIN PIN: 1159CM30252-15 NSN RECEIVED FROM GAC-SAV ODA-511131-CE FAA FORM 
8130-3 TRACKING# 20180325035202 DATED 25 MAR 2018 IAW GIV CMP 276009 REF ITEM 13.34 FOR FINAL 
INSTALLATION OF LH GROUND SPOILER ACTUATOR & BELLCRANK. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.58 
@ 
$142.00 
582.36 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$272.73
Total USD: 
$355.09 
Parts: 
Ref'. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.2 #1 
II59CM30252-15 
PIN BELLCRANK-GROUND 
$272.73 
$272.73 
SPOILER 
Discrepancy: 14.3 
WHILE C/A 276033 IJH FLIGHT SPOILER ACTUATOR INSPECTION FOUND BOTH PIVOT BEARINGS 
TO BE FROZEN. 
Resolution: CLEANED AND VISUALLY INSPECTED INBOARD & OUTBOARD LH FLIGHT SPOILER BEARINGS WITH NO 
DEFECTS NOTED. AFTER CLEANING BEARINGS ARE NO LONGER FROZEN AND ARE IN SERVICABLE 
CONDITION FOR CONTINUED USE. NO FURTHTER ACTION REQUIRED AT THIS TIME. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.05 
@ 
$142.00 
$149.10 
Total USD: 
$149.10 
Discrepancy: 14.4 
WHILE C/W 276033 LJH FLIGHT SPOILER ACTUATOR FOUND OB SPOILER BELLCRANK PIVOT 
BOLT TO BE SCORED. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 32 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Ref:/ 
EFTA00808970
--- PAGE 33 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: REMOVED SCORED LH FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK PIVOT BOLT P/N: NAS1310-56D NSN AND 
REPLACED WITH NEW BOLT P/N: NAS1310-56D NSN RECEIVED FROM SKY MANUFACTURING INC PO# 
23654 DATED 23 MAR 2000 IAIV GIV CMP 276077 OUTBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY 
(LEFT) - REMOVALANSTALLATION. REF ITEM 13.41 FOR FINAL INSTALLATION OF OUTBOARD FLIGHT 
SPOILER BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY INSTALLATION. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.62 
@ 
$142.00 
$88.04 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$157.25
Total USD: 
$245.29 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD  
Extended USD 
14.4#1 
NAS1310-56D 
BOLT 
I 
$157.25 
$157.25 
Discrepancy: 14.5 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 271019 AILERON ACTUATOR (LEFT) - INSPECTION FOUND THE AILERON TO 
BOOST BELLCRANK FITTING TO BE CORRODED AND HAVE IMPACT DAMAGE. 
Resolution: FOUND IMPACT DAMAGE TO BE A MINOR CHAFE. REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION WITH 
SCOTCHBRITE AND BLENDED MINOR CHAFE ON LH AILERON BOOST BELL CRANK FITTING IAW GIV 
SRM 53-13-20. APPLIED BRUSH CAD TO LH AILERON BOOST BELL CRANK FITTING AS NECESSARY IAW 
GAMPS 6103 REV F. PRIMED SURFACE AFTER CAD PLATING. ALL WORK DONE IAW 51-07-10 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.85 
@ 
$142.00 
$262.70 
Total USD: 
$262.70 
Step: 14.5.1 
Completed REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION WITH SCOTCHBRITE AND BLENDED 
IMPACT DAMAGE ON LH AILERON BOOST BELL CRANK FITTING IAN; GIV 
SRM 53-13-20. 
Step: 14.5.2 
Completed APPLIED BRUSH CAD TO LH AILERON BOOST BELL CRANK FITTING AS 
NECESSARY IAW CAMPS 6103 REV F. 
Discrepancy: 14.6 
WHILE C/W CMP 276011 L/H GROUND SPOILER ACTUATOR INSP FOUND L/H WING GROUND 
SPOILER ACTUATOR TO HAVE A FROZEN PISTON BEARING. 
Resolution: VISUALLY INSPECTED AND EXERCISED LH GROUND SPOILER ACTUATOR PISTON BEARING WITH NO 
DEFECTS NOTED. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.17 
@ 
$142.00 
$166.14 
Total USD: 
$166.14 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 33 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A? 
Rent 
EFTA00808971
--- PAGE 34 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 14.7 
WHILE C/W 276011 Li I GROUND SPOILER ACTUATOR INSPECTION FOUND BELLCRANK PIVOT 
FITTING ON REAR SPAR TO HAVE LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION IN THE BORES. 
Resolution: REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION FROM UPPER AND LOWER LH GROUND SPOILER ACTUATOR 
BELLCRANK PIVOT FITTING BORES WITH SCOTCHBRITE. MINIMAL MATERIAL LOSS WAS NOTED 
WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-20. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.25 
@ 
5142.00 
$319.50 
'total USD: 
$319.50 
Discrepancy: 14.8 
WHILE C/W 577007 LJH FLIGHT SPOILER HINGE INSPECTION FOUND OUTBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER 
OB HINGE BEARING MIGRATING OUT OF BOSS. 
Resolution: RQCI - REMOVED MIGRATING BEARING FROM LH FLIGHT SPOILER OUTBOARD HINGE P/N: MS28913-4C 
NSN, INSTALLED A NEW BEARING P/N MS28913.4C NSN REF PACKING SLIP SASH#18-78950 FROM 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP DATED 5/26/18. ALL WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG 1159CSM40034 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.95 
@ 
$142.00 
$418.90 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$106.29 
Total USD: 
$525.19 
Parts: 
Ret No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.8#1 
MS28913-4C 
BEARING 
$106.29 
$106.29 
Step: 14.8.1 
Completed REMOVED MIGRATING BEARING FROM LH FLIGHT SPOILER OUTBOARD 
HINGE P/N: MS28913-4C NSN IAW GAC BP II S9CSM40034 REV (B) - FITTING 
ASSY HINGE. 
Discrepancy: 14.9 
WHILE C/W 577009 L/H GROUND SPOILER HINGE INSPECTION FOUND IB HINGE OB HEAR OF 
HINGE, BUSHING CAME OUT OF EAR WHEN REMOVING SLIP BUSHING. 
Resolution: THOROUGHLY CLEANED FITTING AND BORE AND DETAIL INSPECTED. BORE DIAMETER, 
CONCENTRICITY AND SURFACE FINISH ALL IAW GAC BP 1159CSM40051. INSTALLED NEW BUSHING PIN 
LS3859FR8-10 RECEIVED FROM GAC SAV UNDER ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 000888740 DATED 
05/26/2018. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.26 
@ 
$142.00 
$320.92 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$35.17 
Total USD: 
$356.09 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 34 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808972
--- PAGE 35 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.9 #1 
LS3859FR8-10 
BUSHING 
$7.92 
$7.92 
14.9 #2 
PR1440B1-2DAB-KIT 
SEALANT, 50 GRAM KIT (CUP & 
$27.25 
$27.25 
SYRINGE) 
Discrepancy: 14.10 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 537010 LEFT AFT WING / FUSELAGE FAIRING INSPECTION FOUND 
SEVERAL AREAS OF CORROSION ON SKIN AND SUPPORT STRUCTURE UNDERNEATH AFT WING 
TO FUSELAGE FAIRING. 
Resolution: REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION ON LH SKIN AND SUPPORT STRUCTURE UNDERNEATH AFT 
WING TO FUSELAGE FAIRING AND APPLIED ALODINE. PERFORMED THICKNESS CHECKS TO FUSELAGE 
SKIN WHERE SURFACE CORROSION WAS REMOVED AND FOUND TO BE WITHIN LIMITS (.035 MIN 
NOTED, .030 ALLOWABLE). PRIMED AND PAINTED AS REQUIRED. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV MM 53-50-00 
AND SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.52 
@ 
$142.00 
$925.84 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$95.07
Total USD: 
$1,020.91 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.10 #1 
MATTERHORN-KIT-2O KIT, 2 OZ MATTERHORN 
$65.81 
$65.81 
WHITE/TOPCOAT (578-520/570-535) 
CAP W/O BRUSH )INTERNAL USE 
ONLY) 
14.10 #2 
515X333-2OZ 
KIT, TOUCH UP, EPDXY PRIMER, 2 
$29.26 
$29.26 
OZ, GREEN 
Step: 14.10.1 
Completed REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION ON LH SKIN AND SUPPORT 
STRUCTURE UNDERNEATH AFT WING TO FUSELAGE FAIRING AND APPLIED 
ALODINE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Step: 14.10.2 
Completed PERFORMED THICKNESS CHECKS TO FUSELAGE SKIN WHERE SURFACE 
CORROSION WAS REMOVED AND FOUND TO BE WITHIN LIMITS (.035 MIN 
NOTED, .030 ALLOWABLE). WORK DONE IAW GIV MM 53-50-00. 
Discrepancy: 14.11 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 537010 LEFT AFT WING / FUSELAGE FAIRING INSPECTION FOUND AFT END 
OF TRAILING EDGE BOX BREATHER ANGLE IS CRACKED. 
Resolution: CUT OUT CRACK ON BREATHER ANGLE P/N 1159B40296-119, NSN, AND REPLACED WITH NEW BREATHER 
ANGLE P/N 1159B40296-119. NSN, ON L/11 WING, AFT END OF TRAILING EDGE BOX. RECEIVED FROM 
GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH WITH AUTHORIZATION # ODA-511131-CE. REFERENCE FORM 8130-3 WITH 
FORM TRACKING # 20171011023851 DATED 11 OCT 2017. REPAIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV MM 
53-30-00 PG 618. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
11.17 
@ 
$142.00 
$1,586.14 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$509.55 
Total USD: 
$2,095.69 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 35 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808973
--- PAGE 36 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Pans: 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.11 #1 
1159B40296-H9 
ANGLE 
I 
S356.76 
$356.76 
14.11 #2 
GAFSI IAB0S-200 
FASTENER BLIND 
58.18 
$24.54 
SELF-LOCKING,130DEG SHEAR 
14.11 #3 
MS20605S3W3 
RIVET 
S0.45 
$1.35 
14.11 #4 
MS20605S3W4 
RIVET 
S0.51 
$1.53 
14.11 #5 
NAS192111105-04 
RIVET 
S3.53 
$24.71 
14.11 #6 
NAS192111105-03 
RIVET 
S6.02 
$42.14 
14.11 #7 
515X333-2OZ 
KIT, TOUCH UP, EPDXY PRIMER, 2 
$29.26 
$58.52 
OZ, GREEN 
Discrepancy: 14.12 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 537011 RIGHT AFT WING / FUSELAGE FAIRING INSPECTION FOUND 
SEVERAL AREAS OF CORROSION ON SKIN AND SUPPORT STRUCTURE UNDERNEATH RIGHT AFT 
WING TO FUSELAGE FAIRING. 
Resolution: REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION ON LH SKIN AND SUPPORT STRUCTURE UNDERNEATH AFT 
WING TO FUSELAGE FAIRING AND APPLIED ALODINE. PERFORMED THICKNESS CHECKS TO FUSELAGE 
SKIN WHERE SURFACE CORROSION WAS REMOVED AND FOUND TO BE WITHIN LIMITS (.034 MIN 
NOTED, .030 ALLOWABLE). PRIMED AND PAINTED AS REQUIRED. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV MM 53-50-00 
AND SRM 51-13-10. 
Labor USD: 
Total USD: 
Step: 14.12.1 
Step: 14.12.2 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.74 
® 
$142.00 
$957.08 
Completed 
Completed 
$957.08 
REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION ON RH SKIN AND SUPPORT 
STRUCTURE UNDERNEATH AFT WING TO FUSELAGE FAIRING AND APPLIED 
ALODINE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
PERFORMED THICKNESS CHECKS TO FUSELAGE SKIN WHERE SURFACE 
CORROSION WAS REMOVED AND FOUND TO BE WITHIN LIMITS (.034 MIN 
NOTED, .030 ALLOWABLE). WORK DONE IAW GIV MM 53-50-00. 
Discrepancy: 14.13 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 537011 RIGHT AFT WING / FUSELAGE FAIRING INSPECTION FOUND AFT 
END OF TRAILING EDGE BOX BREATHER ANGLE IS CRACKED. 
Resolution: CUT OUT CRACK ON BREATHER ANGLE P/N 1159B40296-120, NSN, AND REPLACED WITH NEW BREATHER 
ANGLE P/N 1159B40296-120, NSN, ON R/H WING, AFT END OF TRAILING EDGE BOX. RECEIVED FROM 
GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH WITH AUTHORIZATION # ODA-511131-CE. REFERENCE FORM 8130-3 WITH 
FORM TRACKING # 20170216130503 DATED 16 FEB 2017. REPAIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV MM 
53-30-00 PG 618. 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
9.96 
® 
$142.00 
$1,414.32 
Time and Material 
$282.67 
$1,696.99 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 36 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808974
--- PAGE 37 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Pans: 
Ref'. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.13 #1 
1159640296-120 
ANGLE 
$282.67 
$282.67 
Discrepancy: 14.14 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 276034 R/H FLIGHT SPOILER ACTUATOR INSPECTION FOUND R/H FLIGHT 
SPOILER ACTUATOR WING ATTACH POINT BUSHINGS CORRODED. 
Resolution: RQCI - REMOVED CORRODED R/H FLIGHT SPOILER ACTUATOR WING ATTACH POINT BUSHINGS X2 
WITH P/N UNK, NSN. INSTALLED NEW R/H FLIGHT SPOILER ACTUATOR WING ATTACH POINT 
BUSHINGS X2 WITH P/N 11595B30210-67 NSN. REFERENCE 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING # 20150119071140 
DATED 19 JAN 2015 FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP APPROVAL# ODA-511131-CE . ALL WORK 
DONE IAW 1159WM30808 REV C 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.15 
@ 
$142.00 
$589.30 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$131.98 
Total USD: 
$721.28 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.14 #1 
1159SB30210-67 
BUSHING 
$51.36 
$102.72 
14.14 #2 
515X333-2OZ 
KIT, TOUCH UP, EPOX1 PRIMER. 2 
$29.26 
$29.26 
OZ, GREEN 
Discrepancy: 14.15 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 577010 R/H GROUND SPOILER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND R/H GROUND 
SPOILER BOARD INBOARD ATTACH POINT BEARING DOES NOT ROTATE. 
Resolution: LUBED BEARING AND FOUND TO BE SERVICEABLE WORK DONE IAW GIV MM 27-02-00. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Nlaterial 
ST 
1.22 
@ 
$142.00 
$173.24 
Total USD: 
$173.24 
Discrepancy: 14.16 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 577010 R/H GROUND SPOILER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND R/H GROUND 
SPOILER BOARD OUTBOARD ATTACH FITTING ON REAR BEAM IS CORRODED ON TOP. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM TOP OF R/H GROUND SPOILER BOARD OUTBOARD ATTACH 
FITTING ON REAR BEAM BY MECHANICAL MEANS WITH SOFT ABRASIVE PAD. VISUALLY INSPECTED 
WITH MINIMAL MATERIAL LOSS AND NO FURTHER DEFECTS NOTED. WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 
51-13-23.APPLIED BRUSH CAD TO TOP OF R/H GROUND SPOILER BOARD OUTBOARD ATTACH FITTING ON 
REAR BEAM IAW GAMPS 6103 REV F. PRIMED ALL AFFECTED SURFACES JAW GIV SRM 51-07-10. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 37 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808975
--- PAGE 38 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Billing Method 
WO It: SC18654 
Hours 
Rate 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.67 
@ 
$142.00 
$663.14 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$304.18 
Total USD: 
$967.32 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.16 #1 
11904010 
ID-10P POLY JACKET IS/PKI 
I 
50.011 
$0.00 
14.16 #2 
2023 
SOLUTION,PLATING,DALIC 
$304.18 
$304.18 
CADMIUM,1 LTR 
Step: 14.16.1 
Completed 
REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM TOP OF Rill GROUND SPOILER 
BOARD OUTBOARD ATTACH FITTING ON REAR BEAM BY MECHANICAL 
MEANS WITH SOFT ABRASIVE PAD. VISUALLY INSPECTED WITH MINIMAL 
MATERIAL LOSS AND NO FURTHER DEFECTS NOTED. WORK DONE IAW GIV 
SRM 51-13-23. 
Step: 14.16.2 
Completed 
APPLIED BRUSH CAD TO TOP OF FUN GROUND SPOILER BOARD OUTBOARD 
ATTACH FITTING ON REAR BEAM IAW CAMPS 6103 REV F. 
Discrepancy: 14.17 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 577010 R/H GROUND SPOILER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND R/H GROUND 
SPOILER BOARD HAT BUSHING IN HOLE ID 1-3 IS TOO SHORT. 
Resolution: REMOVED R/H GROUND SPOILER BOARD HAT BUSHING IN HOLE ID 1-3. 
RECEIVED O.K. TO INSTALL AND INSTALLED A NEW BUSHING P/N GABI0C10-15 NSN. REFERENCE FAA 
FORM 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING NUMBER 20180509155322 FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE 
CORPORATION DATED 09 MAY 2018 APPROVAL/AUTHORIZATION NO.: ODA-511131-CE. ALL WORK DONE 
JAW GAC DWG 1159CSM40048 REV A. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.63 
@ 
$142.00 
$231.46 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$48.13
Total USD: 
$279.59 
Parts: 
Ref'. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.17 #2 
GABI0CI0-15 
BUSHING 
$48.13 
$48.13 
Discrepancy: 14.18 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 577006 R/H INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND 
CORROSION ON UPPER AND LOWER SURFACES OF R/H INBOARDS SPOILER BOARD. 
Resolution: FOUND SPOILER TO REQUIRE REPLACEMENT DUE TO REPAIR REQUIEMENTS/DOWNTIME. 
SEE ITEM 11.5 (ASC 456) FOR UPGRADE 
REF ITEM 13.61 FOR REMOVALAND REPLACEMENT OF I/11 Ft/Fl FLIGHT SPOILER. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.97 
@ 
$142.00 
$563.74 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
525,747.13 
Total USD: 
526.310.87 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 38 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Ref: 
EFTA00808976
--- PAGE 39 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Pans: 
Rd: No. 
Part number: 
WO #: SC18654 
Description 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.18 “1 
II59CS40701-10 
SPOILER ASSY. FLIGHT INBD RH 
$25,130.66 
$25,130.66 
14.18 #2 
MS24665-302 
COTTER PIN 
50.23 
$0.46 
14.18 #3 
MS27039-0811 
SCREW-MACHINE, PAN HD, CROSS 
50.25 
$0.50 
REC 
14.18 :;4 
ASC456-I G4 
KIT, WING SPOILER BOARD 
$610.00 
$610.00 
14.18 #5 
MS24665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.22 
$132 
14.18 #6 
MS14183P-C8 
WASHER 
$4.19
4.19
S 
Discrepancy: 14.19 WHILE C/W GIV CMP 576011 AILERON HINGE FITTING (LEFT) INSPECTION NOTED MIDDLE HINGE 
FITTING HAS A BAD BEARING. 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED DEFECTIVE LH AILERON MIDDLE HINGE FITTING BEARING P/N: MS28913-4C NSN. CLEANED 
AND VISUALLY INSPECTED FITTING WITH NO DEFECTS NOTED. MEASURED INSIDE DIAMETER AND 
OBTAINED READING OF (.9012"). WORK PERFORMED IAW GAC BP 1159WM20202 - FTG (RBS 375 & 406) 
AILERON HINGE OUTBD - REV (F). APPLIED BRUSH CAD TO I.D. OF LH AILERON MIDDLE HINGE FITTING 
IAW GAMPS 6103 REV F. INSTALLED NEW BEARING P/N MS28913-4C NSN REF PACKING SLIP NUMBER 
SASH#18-78949 FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP DATED 5/26/2018 ALL WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG 
1159WM20202 - FTG (RBS 375 & 406) AILERON HINGE OUTBD - REV (F). 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.93 (§ 
$142.00 
$558.06 
Time and Material 
$108.93 
$666.99 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.19 #1 
M528913-4C 
BEARING 
$106.29 
$106.29 
14.19 #2 
M520615-5MPI3 
RIVET 
$0.22 
50.88 
14.19 #3 
M520615-5MPI3 
RIVET 
$0.22 
S1.76 
Step: 14.19.1 
Step: 14.19.2 
Step: 14.19.3 
Completed 
Completed 
Completed 
REMOVED DEFECTIVE LH AILERON MIDDLE HINGE FITTING BEARING P/N: 
M528913-4C NSN. CLEANED AND VISUALLY INSPECTED FITTING WITH NO 
DEFECTS NOTED. MEASURED INSIDE DIAMETER AND OBTAINED READING 
OF (.9012"). WORK PERFORMED IAW GAC BP 1159WM20202 - FTG (RBS 375 & 
406) AILERON HINGE OUTBD - REV (F). 
APPLIED BRUSH CAD TO I.D. OF LH AILERON MIDDLE HINGE FITTING IAW 
GAMPS 6103 REV F. 
INSTALLED NEW BEARING PIN MS28913-4C NSN REF PACKING SLIP NUMBER 
SASH#18-78949 FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP DATED 5/26/2018 ALL 
WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG 1159WM20202 
Discrepancy: 14.20 WHILE C/W GIV CMP 576011 AILERON HINGE FITTING (LEFT) - INSPECTION NOTED #3 
OUTBOARDMOST HINGE FITTING TO HAVE CORROSION IN MOUNTING HOLE. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 39 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808977
--- PAGE 40 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Resolution: RQCI: 
PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-913D6-20 TO LH #3 AILERON HINGE FITTING P/N 1159WM20202-5. BORE 
MEASURES .4065, INSTALLED SE05000901-913D6-20 BUSHING. 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG SE05000901 REV E. REF STEPS BELOW FOR FURTHER DETAILS. THIS IS A 
MAJOR REPAIR, REF ITEM 14.70 FOR 8100-9 APPROVAL AND 337 INFO. 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.16 
@ 
$142.00 
$590.72 
Time and Material 
$752.02 
Part number: 
Description 
14.20 #2 
SE05000901-913D6-20 
DOG-SLEEVE BUSHING 
14.20 #4 
44GN01I-3OZ 
TOUCHUP KIT,DEFT EPDXY SPRAY 
PRIMER 
Step: 14.20.1 
Step: 14.20.2 
Step: 14.20.3 
Completed 
Completed 
Completed 
$1,342.74 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
5697.49 
$697.49 
$54.53 
$54.53 
REAMED LH AILERON #3 HINGE FITTING PIN: 1159WM20202-5 FROM 
NOMINAL (0.3125") TO 0.4065" TO INSTALL SE05000901-913D6-20 REPAIR 
BUSHING. WORK PERFORMED IAW GAC BP SE05000102 REV E - STD. REPAIR 
- CONTROL SURFACE HINGE FITTINGS. 
BRUSH CAD PLATING REQUIRED OF #3 HINGE FITTING BORE IAW CAMPS 
6103 REV F 
RECEIVED REPAIR DOG SLEEVE BUSHING P/N: SE05000901-913D6-20 NSN 
FROM GAC-SAV PURCHASE ORDER SAP014-49961 DATED 26 MAR 2015. WITH 
INSPECTORS APPROVAL INSTALLED DOG SLEEVE BUSHING INTO 
II59WM20202-5 AILERON HINGE FITTING. WORK PERFORMED IAW GAC BP 
SE05000102 REV E - STD. REPAIR - CONTROL SURFACE HINGE FITTINGS. 
Discrepancy: 14.21 WHILE C/W GIV CMP 576012 AILERON HINGE FITTING (RIGHT) - INSPECTION NOTED THE #1 
INBOARD MOST HINGE FITTING MOUNTING HOLES TO BE OUT OF TOLERANCE. INDEX NUMBERS 
1-1 THRU 1-3. 
Resolution: RQCI 
PERFORMED FIRST INCREMENT OS REPAIR TO LH AILERON #1 HINGE HOLES (3 PLACES). 
BORES MEASURE .3280, INSTALLED NA56605D40X, NAS6605D54X, AND NAS6605D66X O/S HARDWARE. 
WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG SE05000901 REV E. REF STEPS BELOW FOR FURTHER DETAILS. THIS IS A 
MAJOR REPAIR, REF ITEM 14.70 FOR 8100-9 APPROVAL AND 337 INFO. 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
Description 
14.21 #1 
NAS6605D40X 
14.21 #2 
NAS6605D54X 
14.21 #3 
NAS6605D66X 
BOLT 
BOLT, OVERSIZED 
BOLT 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.40 
@ 
$142.00 
$482.80 
$507.84 
$990.64 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
S93.82 
$174.02 
$240.00 
Extended USD 
$93.82 
$174.02 
$240.00 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 40 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808978
--- PAGE 41 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Step: 14.21.1 
Completed 
OVERSIZED AILERON HINGE HOLES AND AILERON ATTACH FITTING 
HOLES TO THE FIRST BOLT OVERSIZE 03280 .IAW GAC DRAWING 
SE05000102.TIIIS IS CONSIDERED A MAJOR REPAIR. 
Discrepancy: 14.22 WHILE C/W 271024 RH AILERON BOOST BELLCRANK INSP FOUND BOTH BEARINGS FROZEN ON 
THE INNER BELLCRANK OF THE BOOST BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY 
Resolution: RQCI 
INSTALLED TWO NEW BEARINGS P/N MS27646-38 NSN AND ONE NEW SPACER ASSEMBLY P/N 1159C20213-5 
NSN. REFERENCE GULFSTREAM PACKING SLIP WITH ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 0008900208 
DATED 06/01/2018 FROM GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH FOR BEARINGS. REFERENCE GULFSTREAM PACKING 
SLIP WITH ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 000890283 DATED 06/01/2018 FROM GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH 
FOR SPACER ASSEMBLY. ALL WORK DONE IAW GAC DRAWING 1159CM20216 REV D. 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USE): 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.98 
@ 
$142.00 
$139.16 
Time and Material 
$482.60 
$621.76 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.22 #1 
MS27646-38 
BEARING 
$48.64 
$97.28 
14.22 #2 
1159C20213-5 
SPACER ASSEMBLY 
$385.32 
$38532 
Step: 14.22.1 
Completed 
UPON INVESTIGATION FOUND BOTH BEARINGS AND INNER SPACER TUBE 
UNSERVICABLE. REMOVED 2 EA BEARINGS P/N MS27646-38 NSN AND 1 EA 
SPACER P/N 1159C20213-5. CLEANED AND INSPECTED BELLCRANK AND 
FOUND TO BE SERVICABLE. WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG 1159CM20217 
Discrepancy: 14.23 WHILE C/W 271024 RH AILERON BOOST BELLCRANK INSP FOUND THE SMALL BEARING FROZEN 
ON THE OUTER BELLCRANK OF THE BOOST BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY 
Resolution: RECEIVED A NEW RH AILERON BOOST BELLCRANK BEARING P/N MS27646-38 NSN. REFERENCE 
PACKING SLIP WITH ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 000890592 FROM GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH 
DATED 06/04/2018. 
SENT BELLCRANK, P/N 1159CM20217-10 TO GAC SAV FOR REPAIR (BEARING INSTALLATION). RECEIVED 
REPAIRED BELLCRANK, P/N 1159CM20217-10. REF GAC SAV, CERT# GR4R216M, 8130-3, DATED 17 JUNE 2018 
WITH TRACKING# 20180617114330. 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Services USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.27 
@ 
$142.00 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Part number: 
$180.34 
$48.64 
$740.27 
$969.25 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
14.23 #2 
MS27646-38 
BEARING 
Services: 
Extended USD 
$48.64 
Ref. No. 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
1.00 
5740.27 
14.23 #2 
GAC REPAIRS 
Pon Ref: 1159CM20217-10 BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY, AIL 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
$48.64 
Extended USD 
$740.27 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 41 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808979
--- PAGE 42 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Step: 14.23.1 
Completed REMOVED UNSERVICABLE BEARING P/N MS27646-38 NSN IAW GAC DWG 
1159CM20217, REV F. INSPECTED CRANK BORE AND FOUND TO BE 
SERVICABLE. 
Discrepancy: 14.24 WHILE C/W 271024 RH AILERON BOOST BELLCRANK INSP FOUND THE OUTER BELLCRANK 
CHAFED AROUND THE SMALL BEARING EAR OF THE BOOST BELLCRANK ASSEMBLY. 
Resolution: REMOVED CHAFE FROM Ft/H AILERON BOOST BELLCRANK. CLEANED AND PRIMED AFFECTED AREA. 
ALL WORK DONE JAW GIV SRM 51-07-10. 
Labor USD: 
Total USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.92 
@ 
$142.00 
$130.64 
$130.64 
Discrepancy: 14.25 WHILE C/W CMP 273008 FOUND HEAVY CORROSION ON LANDING UNDER PANEL 38-TE-UPR-1 
Resolution: CAREFULY REMOVED CORROSION FROM STRAP. DURING REMOVAL OF CORROSION NOTED THAT 
CORROSION APPEARED TO EXTEND UNDER UPPER SKIN. REMOVED FASTENERS TO ALLOW 
INSPECTION UNDER SKIN. VERY MINOR SURFACE CORROSION NOTED AND REMOVED. ALL WORK IAW 
GIV SRM 51-13-00. 
THE POST BLEND THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS ON THE 1159CSM20163 DOUBLER/STRAP ARE 
STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED SERVICE. 
ALL EVIDENCE OF CORROSION HAS BEEN REMOVED, LOCALLY HAND PASSIVATED USING CLEAN 
SCOTCH BRITE PADS AND TOUCHED UP WITH ZINC DUST PRIMER (MIL-P-26915) FOLLOWED BY (2) 
COATS OF 3012 EPDXY PRIMER. INSTALLED NEW FASTENERS PREVIOUSLY REMOVED. APPLIED NEW 
BED SEALANT TO PANEL LANDING. ALL WORK IAW GIV SRM 55-10-00 AND ENGINEERING DISPOSITION 
SC18654 14.25.4. SEE STEPS FOR DETAILS. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
20.50 
@ 
$142.00 
$2,911.00 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.50 
@ 
$231.00 
$346.50 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$126.41 
Misc Charges USD: Time and Material 
$231.00 
Total USD: 
$3,614.91 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.25 #2 
NAS1097AD4-3 
RIVET 
$0.23 
$1.61 
14.25 #3 
GAS530D10-3 
SLEEVE-BLIND NUT,100 DEC CSK 
$16.02 
$64.08 
14.25 #4 
GAE530A10 
BOLT, BLIND, EXPANDER 
$531 
$21.24 
14.25 #5 
NAS1200h14-5 
RIVET, 100 DEG COUNTERSUNK 
$0.23 
$1.61 
REDUCED 
14.25 #6 
NAS1097E5-6 
RIVET 
$2.80 
$11.20 
14.25 #7 
PR1440B1-2-654 
SEALANT,6OZ #654 SEMK1T 
$26.67 
$26.67 
Miscellaneous Charge: 
Ref. No. 
Miscellaneous Charge 
Amount USD 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 42 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808980
--- PAGE 43 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Miscellaneous Charge: 
Ref. No. 
 Miscellaneous Charge 
14.25 #1 
NDT LABOR 
Step: 14.25.1 
Completed 
Step: 14.25.2 
Step: 14.25.3 
Step: 14.25.4 
Amount USD 
CAREFULY REMOVED CORROSION FROM STRAP. DURING REMOVAL OF 
CORROSION NOTED THAT CORROSION APPEARED TO EXTEND UNDER 
UPPER SKIN. REMOVED FASTENERS TO ALLOW INSPECTION UNDER SKIN. 
VERY MINOR SURFACE CORROSION NOTED AND REMOVED. ALL WORK 
IAW G IV SRM 51-13-00. 
Completed 
PERFORMED ULTRASONIC THICKNESS TESTING OF STRAP AFTER 
REMOVAL OF HEAVY CORROSION. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 2.0. ULTRASONIC REVISION 7 -
DECEMBER 15TH, 2017. MEASUREMENTS WRITTEN ON MASKING TAPE ON 
AIRCRAFT. 
Completed 
REQUEST ENGINEERING EVALUATION OF REMAINING STRAPTHICKNESS 
FOR SERVICABILITY. 
Completed 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
THE POST BLEND THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS ON THE 1159CSM20163 
DOUBLER/STRAP ARE STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED 
SERVICE. 
IFALL EVIDENCE OF CORROSION HAS BEEN REMOVED, LOCALLY HAND 
PASSIVATE USING CLEAN SCOTCH BRITE PADS AND TOUCH UP WITH 
BRUSH CAD PLATE OR ZINC DUST PRIMER (MIL-P-26915) FOLLOWED BY (2) 
COATS OF 3012 EPDXY PRIMER. 
Step: 14.25.5 
Completed 
HAND PASSIVATED USING CLEAN SCOTCH BRITE PADS AND TOUCHED UP 
ZINC DUST PRIMER (MIL-P-26915) FOLLOWED BY (2) COATS OF 3012 EPDXY 
PRIMER. ALL WORK lAW ENGINEERING DISPOSITION SCO118654 14.25.4. 
$231.00 
Discrepancy: 14.26 WHILE C/W CMP 273008 FOUND CORROSION IN D-RING ON R/H SIDE OF THE HORIZONTAL 
Resolution: REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION FROM R/H HORIZONTAL D-RING BY LIGHT HAND SANDING 
WITH NO MATERIAL LOSS. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-23. 
Labor USD: 
Total USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.04 
® 
$142.00 
$573.68 
$573.68 
Discrepancy: 14.27 WHILE C/W 271020 AND 271019 L/H AILERON ACTUATOR INSPECTION FOUND ANTI TORSION 
BUMPERS TO BE WORN OR MISSING. 
Resolution: INSTALLED FOUR NEW ANTI TORSION BUMPERS P/N 87048 REFERENCE CERTIFICATE OF 
CONFORMANCE WITH PACKING LIST # SASH#18-79226 DATED 29-MAY-2018 FROM GULFSTREAM AS 
REQUIRED. NO DEFECTS NOTED. WORK DONE lAW GIV MM 27-02-00 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.02 
® 
$142.00 
$144.84 
Time and Material 
$116.36 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelintinarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 43 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A? 
Reel 
EFTA00808981
--- PAGE 44 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Total USD: 
$261.20 
Parts: 
Ret No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.27 #1 
87048 
PLUG 
$29.09 
$116.36 
Discrepancy: 14.28 WHILE C/W 271020 RH AILERON ACTUATOR INSPECTION FOUND ACTUATOR MOUNT FITTING TO 
BE MISSING PRIMER. 
Resolution: APPLIED PRIMER ACTUATOR MOUNT FITTING AND OTHER AREAS IN CLOSE PROXIMITY. ALL WORK 
DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-07-10 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.53 
@ 
$142.00 
$75.26 
Total USD: 
$75.26 
Discrepancy: 14.29 WHILE C/W 577007 L/H SPOILER HINGE INSPECTION FOUND L/H GROUND SPOILER BOND WIRE 
BROKEN. 
Resolution: REMOVED BROKEN BOND WIRE FROM GROUND SPOILER HINGE NPN NSN AND INSTALLED NEW BOND 
WIRE P/N M83413-8A004BB RECEIVED FROM GAC BAF STOCK. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV AMM 20-24-00. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.00 
@ 
$142.00 
$142.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$4.98
Total USD: 
$146.98 
Pans: 
Ret No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.29#I 
M8341341A004BB 
JUMPER CABLE ASSY 
$2.49 
$4.98 
Discrepancy: 14.30 WHILE C/W CMP 273007 FOUND HEAVY CORROSION ON LANDING UNDER PANEL 37-TE-UPR-1 
Resolution: CAREFULLY REMOVED ALL CORROSION ON PANEL LANDING. THE POST BLEND THICKNESS 
MEASUREMENTS ON THE 1159CSM20163 DOUBLER/STRAP ARE STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR 
CONTINUED SERVICE. 
ALL EVIDENCE OF CORROSION HAS BEEN REMOVED, LOCALLY HAND PASSIVATED USING CLEAN 
SCOTCH BRITE PADS AND TOUCHED UP WITH ZINC DUST PRIMER (MIL-P-26915) FOLLOWED BY (2) 
COATS OF 3012 EPDXY PRIMER. APPLIED NEW BED SEALANT TO PANEL LANDING. ALL WPORK lAW G 
IV SRM 55-10-00 AND ENGINEERING DISPOSITION SC18654 14.25.4. 
SEE STEPS FOR DETAILS.. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 44 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808982
--- PAGE 45 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC 18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
15.06 
@ 
$142.00 
$2,138.52 
Time and Material 
S7.72 
$2.146.24 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
1430 #1 
MS20426E5-4 
RIVET 
$1.93 
$7.72 
Step: 1430.1 
Completed 
CAREFULY REMOVED CORROSION FROM STRAP. NDT THICKNESS CHECKS 
PERFORMED WITH SATESFACTORY RESULTS. PROTECTED ALL BARE 
METAL WITH 3012 PRIMER. ALL WORK IAW G IV SRM 51-13-00. 
Step: 1430.2 
Completed 
PERFORMED ULTRASONIC THICKNESS TESTING OF STRAP AFTER 
REMOVAL OF HEAVY CORROSION. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 2.0. ULTRASONIC REVISION 7 - 
DECEMBER 15TH, 2017. MEASUREMENTS WRITTEN ON MASKING TAPE ON 
AIRCRAFT. 
Step: 1430.3 
Completed 
HAND PASSIVATED USING CLEAN SCOTCH BRITE PADS AND TOUCHED UP 
WITH ZINC DUST PRIMER (MIL-P-26915) FOLLOWED BY (2) COATS OF 3012 
EPDXY PRIMER. ALL WORK IAA` ENGINEERING DISPOSITION SC18654 
14.25.4. 
Discrepancy: 1431 WHILE C/W CNIP GIV 576015 AILERON TRIM TAB HINGE FITTING - INSPECTION NOTED WORN #2 
HINGE UPPER OUTBOARD AILERON TRIM TAB BUSHING. 
(NOTE - THIS IS A REPAIR BUSHING FROM PREVIOUS OS REPAIR) 
Resolution: RQCI. 
REMOVED #2 FITTING OUTBOARD HINGE REPAIR BUSHING. RECEIVED OK TO INSTALL AND INSTALLED 
A NEW AILERON TRIM TAB #2 FITTING OUTBOARD HINGE REPAIR BUSHING P/N SE05813103-41. REF COC 
WITH PACKING LIST # SAP018-03701 DATED 1-25-18 FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP. ALL WORK 
DONE IAW GAMPS 2226 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.00 
@ 
$142.00 
$142.00 
Time and Material 
$26635 
$40835 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
1431 #1 
SE05813103-41 
REPAIR BUSHING 
Step: 1431.1 
$26635 
$26635 
Completed 
REMOVED AILERON TRIM TAB. REMOVED #2 FITTING OUTBOARD HINGE 
REPAIR BUSHING. WORK PERFORMED IAW GAC DWG SE05813103 - BUSHING 
RPR - AILERON TRIM TAB HINGE FITTINGS REV (A). 
Discrepancy: 14.32 WHILE C/W CMP GIV 272011 RUDDER ACTUATOR & FWD ATTACH FITTING - INSPECTION NOTED 
I.JH FWD ATTACH FITTING TO BE ELONGATED BEYOND MM LIMITS. 
Resolution: RQCI: 
COMPLIED WITH REWORK OF RUDDER ACTUATOR FORWARD ATTACH FITTING -901 INST. I/A/W GAC 
DRAWING# 1159RDB729, NO REV. 
THIS IS A MAJOR REPAIR AND IS SUBSTANTIATED BY FAA 8100-9, DATED 06/15/2018, PROJECT NO. 
TR-07-2018-0014 FROM GAC SAV AUTHORIZATION# ODA-511131-CE, CERT 0336099. EXECUTED FAA FORM 
337 DATED JUN 26, 2018. SEE STEPS FOR DETAILS. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 45 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Ref: 
EFTA00808983
--- PAGE 46 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Billing Method 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
I lours 
Rate 
Total 
ST 
1138 
@ 
$142.00 
$1,615.96 
$46.74 
$1,662.70 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
1432 #2 
AISI4340 
BAR,ROUND,2 IN DIA,SS 
58.96 
$35.84 
1432 #3 
NAS1307-12D 
BOLT 
S0.00 
$0.00 
1432 #4 
NA56607D14 
BOLT 
S10.90 
$10.90 
Step: 1432.1 
Completed 
FABRICATED 2 EA PIN 1159RDB729-9Il OUT OF 4340 STEEL LOT # LT06-124493 
I.A.W. DWG#1159FtDB729 
Step: 1432.2 
Completed REQUEST ENGINEERING: REQUEST USE OF GAC BP 1159RDB729 ON 
AIRCRAFT G IV SIN 1085. FINAL DIMENSIONS OF ATTACH BORES .6320. 
Step: 1432.3 
Completed ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
REWORK IAW 1159RDB729-901 (REV -) REWORK - RUDDER. THIS IS A MAJOR 
REPAIR AND WILL REQUIRE AN 8100-9 FAA APPROVAL 
Step: 1432.4 
Completed RQCI: 
REMOVED FWD BOLT FROM RUDDER ACTUATOR AND FWD BOLT FROM 
SERVO INPUT LINK TO FACILITATE REMOVAL OFACTUATOR FROM FWD 
FITTING. REAMED HOLES IN FITTING. WET INSTALLED 2 EA REPAIR 
BUSHINGS, P/N II 59RDB729-911. WORK DONE I/A/W GAC BP 1159RDB729, NO 
REV. INSTALLED ACTUATOR INTO FWD FITTING AND INSTALLED 
ORIGINAL SERVO INPUT LINK BOLT AND TEMPORARILY INSTALLED 
ORIGINAL FWD MOUNT BOLT. 
Step: 1432.5 
Completed 
INSTALLED NEW ACTUATOR FWD ATTACH BOLT WITII PART NUMBER 
NAS6607D14. NSN. REFERENCE GULFSTREAM PACKING SLIP WITH SASH 
#18-90183 DATED 06118/2018. ALL WORK DONE IAW AMM 27-03-00. 
TQ WRENCH ID 1698000 
NEXT CAL DUE 6/142019 
Step: 14.32.6 
Completed 
MAJOR REPAIR 1159RDB729 REV NC DATED 1-07-82 APPROVED BY FORM 
8100-9 FAA PROJECT # TR-07-2018-0014 CERT 0336099 DATED 6-15-2018. 
Discrepancy: 14.33 WHILE C/W CMP GIV 272011 RUDDER ACTUATOR & FWD ATTACH FITTING - INSPECTION NOTED 
RUDDER ACTUATOR TO HAVE SIGNS OF SKYDROL LEAKING THAT WILL REQUIRE FURTHER 
EVALUATION. 
Resolution: OPERATED RUDDER ACTUATOR UNDER L&R HYDRAULIC SYSTEM POWER FOR 30 COMPLETE CYCLES 
AND NOTED NO EVIDENCE OF LEAKAGE IAW GIV MM 29-00-00. 
Labor USD: 
Total USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.42 
® 
$142.00 
$485.64 
$485.64 
Discrepancy: 14.34 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 273003 ELEVATOR FREEPLAY INSPECTION FOUND LJH ELEVATOR PLAY 
OUT OF LIMITS AT 5/16" (LIMIT IS 1/4") , AND R/H ELEVATOR PLAY AT LIMITS AT 1/4" 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 46 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808984
--- PAGE 47 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: RQCI: 
DISSASSEMBLED L/H ELEVATOR HORN FITTING. 
MEASURED AND REMOVED ALL BUSHINGS FROM HORN AND UNIVERSAL ELEVATOR FITTINGS. 
RECIEVED 4 NEW LH ELEVEVATOR "A4" BUSHINGS P/N 1159CSM20095-15 FROM GAC STOCK AND 
MACHINED FACES TO .0625. 
RECEIVED 2 NEW BUSHINGS P/N 159CSM20095-11 FROM GAC STOCK AND MACHINED FACES TO .0720. 
RECEIVED 2 NEW LH ELEVATOR "A2" BUSHINGS P/N 1159CSM20095-21 FROM GAC STOCKAND MACHINED 
FACES TO .0720. 
INSTALLED ALL 8 NEW BUSHINGS MENTIONED ABOVE IN LEFT ELEVATOR HORN AND UNIVERSAL 
FITTING. ALL WORK IAW GAC BP 1159CSM20066REV F AND CAMPS 2226 REV B. 
REMOVED WORN LH ELEVATOR "Al" BUSHING P/N 1159CSM20095-1 FROM HORN AND REPLACED WITH 
NEW BUSHING P/N 1159CSM20095-1, RECEIVED FROM GAC SAV REF PACKING SLIP ENTERPRISE 
TRANSFER NUMBER 000891952, DATED 6/7/2018. 
REF ITEMS SC18654.14.45 AND SC18654.14.46 FOR NEW BUSHING INSTALLATION ON RIGHT ELEVATOR. 
VERIFIED LEFT AND RIGHT ELEVATOR FREEPLAY TO BE WITHIN LIMITS PER GIV MM, CH. 27-01.00. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time anti Material 
ST 
7.64 
® 
$142.00 
$1.084.88 
Parts USD: 
Time anti Material 
$1.371.42 
Total USD: 
$2,456.30 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.34 #1 
II59CSM20095-11 
BUSHING 
$79.55 
$318.20 
14.34 #2 
II59CSM20095-15 
BUSHING 
$90.91 
$727.28 
14.34 #3 
II59CSM20095-21 
BUSHING 
$17.73 
$70.92 
14.34 #4 
II59CSM20095-1 
BUSHING 
I
$47.51 
$47.51 
14.34 #5 
44GN011-3O1 
TOUCHUP KIT,DEFT EPDXY SPRAY 
$54.53 
$54.53 
PRIMER
14.34 #6 
NASI306-52DH 
BOLT 
I 
$49.28 
$49.28 
14.34 #7 
MS20002C6 
WASHER 
$0.70 
$2.80 
14.34 #8 
II59CSM20094-25 
SLEEVE 
$61.98 
$61.98 
14.34 #9 
II59CS20000-21 
NUT 
$34.73 
$
..9736 
14.34 #I0 
MS24665-I53 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.22 
1334 
14.34 #I1 
MS24665-304 
COTTER PIN 
I 
$0.23 
0.23
$ 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 47 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808985
--- PAGE 48 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Step: 1434.1 
Step: 1434.2 
Step: 14.34.3 
Step: 14.34.4 
Step: 1434.5 
WO it: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Completed 
RECEIVED 2 EA P/N 1159CSM20095-21 AND TURNED DOWN THE FACE FROM 
.10125 TO FINAL liAT THICKNESS OF .071-.072, RECEIVED 2 EA OF PIN 
1159CSM20095-11 AND TURNED DOWN THE FACE FROM .10125 TO FINAL HAT 
THICKNESS OF .071-A72, RECIEIVED 4 EA OF PIN 1159CSM20095-15 AND 
TURNED THEM DOWN FROM .101 TO FINAL HAT THICKNESS OF .0625-.0635. 
ALL WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG 1159CSM20066 REV F. 
Completed 
RQCI: 
DISSASSEMBLED VII ELEVATOR HORN FITTING. MEASURED AN REMOVED 
ALL BUSHINGS FROM HORN AND UNIVERSAL ELEVATOR FITTINGS. 
RECIEVED 4 NEW BUSHINGS PIN 1159CSM20095-15 FROM GAC STOCK AND 
MACHINED FACES TO .0625. RECEIVED 2 NEW BUSHINGS P/N 
159CSM20095-21 FRM GAC STOCK AND MACHINED FACES TO .0720. 
RECEIVED 2 BUSHINGS PIN 1159CSM20095-2I FROM GAC STOCKAND 
MACHINED FACES TO .0720. INSTALLED NEW BUSHINGS IN ELEVATOR 
HORN AND UNIVERSAL FITTING. ALL WORK IAW GAC BP I159CSM20066REV 
F AND GAMPS 2226 REV B. 
Waiting 
VERIFIED ELEVATOR FREEPLAY TO BE WITHIN LIMITS PER GIV MM, CII. 
Insp 
27-01-00. 
Completed RQCI: 
REMOVED WORN BUSHING PIN 1159CSM20095-1 FROM HORN AND 
REPLACED WITH NEW BUSHING PIN 1159CSIV120095-1: RECEIVED FROM GAC 
SAV UNDER ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 000891952 DATED 61712018. ALL 
WORK IAW GAC BP 1159CSM20066, REV F AND CAMPS 2226 REV B. 
Completed 
STEP ADDED TO DOCUMENT CERTS USED ON PARTS INSTALLED IN STEPS: 
4EA NEW BUSHING P/N 1159CSM1120095-15, NSN, REF FAA 8130-3 FORM 
TRACKING NO. 20160525083830, ISSUED BY GAC-SAV, APPROVAL NO. 
ODA-511131-CE, DATED 25 MAY 2016. 
2EA NEW BUSHING P/N 1159CSM20095-11, NSN, REF FAA 8130-3 FORM 
TRACKING NO. 20170214095605, ISSUED BY GAC-SAV, APPROVAL NO. 
ODA-511131-CE, DATED 14 FEB 2017. 
2EA NEW BUSHING PIN 1159CSM20095-21, NSN, REF FAA 8130-3 FORM 
TRACKING NO. 20160808083152, ISSUED BY GAC-SAV, APPROVAL NO. 
ODA-511131-CE, DATED 08 AUG 2016. 
Discrepancy: 14.35 WHILE C/W CMP 273007 LIH ELEVATOR R&I FOUND STATIC WICK ON 109-BUL-2 BROKEN. 
Resolution: WHILE REMOVING BROKEN STATIC WICK FOUND DISCHARGER BASE SET SCREW TO BE FROZEN IN 
PLACE. REMOVED STATIC WICK BASE CLEANED PREPPED AND ALODINED AREA.INSTALLED STATIC 
WICK DISCHARGER BASE AND FILET SEALED TO 109-BUL-2 FAIRING IAW GAC BP 1159C520109 REV D - : 
BULLET TOP-SKIN INSTL.STA.871- 892. 
BONDING CHECK AND RESISTENCE CHECK COMPLETED. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV 23-05-00. 
PREPPED, PRIMED AND PAINTED STATIC WICK BASE AND AFFECTED AREAS. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV 
SRM 51-07-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.26 
@ 
$142.00 
$320.92 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$422.48
Total USD: 
$743.40 
Parts: 
Ret No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
1435 #5 
2-145C-I 
STATIC WICK 
$80.55 
$161.10 
1435 #7 
2-46 
DISCHARGER BASE 
$225.81 
$225.81 
143508 
MS20426AD4-I0 
RIVET 
$0.23 
$230 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 48 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808986
--- PAGE 49 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Pans: 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
1435 #9 
PR 1440111-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE #654 SEMKIT 
$26.67 
$26.67 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE 
1435#10 
NAS1097B4-8 
RIVET 
$0.41 
$4.10 
1435 #11 
NIS20426B4-5 
RIVET, 100 DEGREE COUNTERSUNK 
$0.50 
$2.50 
Step: 1435.1 
Completed 
Step: 1435.2 
Completed 
Step: 14.35.3 
Step: 1435.4 
Completed 
Completed 
WHILE REMOVING BROKEN STATIC WICK FOUND DISCHARGER BASE SET 
SCREW TO BE FROZEN IN PLACE. REMOVED STATIC WICK BASE CLEANED 
PREPPED AND ALODINED AREA. TEMP INSTALLED NEW BASE WITH 
CLEKOS. RIVETS ON ORDER. ALL WORK DONE IAW GULFSTREAM DWG # 
1159CS20109 REV.D. 
INSTALLED STATIC WICK DISCHARGER BASE AND FILET SEALED TO 
I09-BUL-2 FAIRING IAW GAC BP 1159CS20109 REV D - : BULLET TOP-SKIN 
INSTL.STA.871- 892. 
BONDING CHECK AND RESISTENCE CHECK COMPLETED. ALL WORK 
DONE IAW GIV 23-05-00. 
PREPPED, PRIMED AND PAINTED STATIC WICK BASE AND AFFECTED 
AREAS. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-07-10. 
Discrepancy: 14.36 WHILE REMOVING L/H ELEVATOR TRIM TAB, FOUND OB BOND WIRE BROKEN. 
Resolution: REPLACED BROKEN BONDING WIRE ON THE LEFT HAND ELEVATOR TRIM TAB WITH NEW P/N 
MS25083-2BB5 IAW GIV 27-04-00. 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
1436 #I 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.63 
@ 
$142.00 
$231.46 
Time and Material 
$6.14 
Part number: 
MS25083-2BB5 
Description 
JUMPER, ELECTRICAL BONDING 5 
53.07 
IN 
$237.60 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
$6.14 
Discrepancy: 14.37 WHILE REMOVING FUH ELEVATOR TRIM TAB, FOUND OB BOND WIRE: BROKEN 
Resolution: REPLACED BROKEN BONDING WIRE ON THE RIGHT HAND ELEVATOR TRIM IAB WITH NEW P/N 
MS25083-2BB5 IAW GIV AMM 27-04-00. 
Labor USD: 
Total USD: 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.62 
@ 
$142.00 
$230.04 
$230.04 
Discrepancy: 14.38 WHILE REMOVING LIGHTED FLAP HANDLE CLOSEOUT PANEL, NOTED BROKEN ATTACHING 
HARDWARE. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 49 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808987
--- PAGE 50 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: REMOVED BROKEN LOWER MOST FLAP OVERLAY SCREW AND REPLACED WITH A NEW CAPTIVE 
SCREW P/N MS3498-8 NSN RECIEVED FROM GAC BAF STOCK IAW GAC DWG 1159FP40084 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.43 
@ 
$142.00 
$61.06 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
511.98 
Total USD: 
$73.04 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price LSD 
Extended USD 
1438 #1 
M24308-25-9F 
LOCK, MALE SCREW 
I 
$1.07 
$1.07 
1438 #2 
M53498-8 
SCREW ASSEMBLY 
$10.91 
$10.91 
Discrepancy: 14.39 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 273077 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (LEFT) INSPECTION 
NOTED STATIC / BONDING STRAP FOR NO. 2 HINGE BROKEN. 
Resolution: REMOVED BROKEN L/H ELEVATOR BONDING STRAP NPN NSN FROM #2 HINGE AND INSTALLED A NEW 
BONDING STRAP P/N MS25083-2BB5 NSN RECEIVED FROM GAC BAF STOCK. ALL WORK DONE JAW GIV 
AMM 20-24-00. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
130 
@ 
$142.00 
$184.60 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$3.07
Total USD: 
$187.67 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
1439 #1 
31525083-2BB5 
JUMPER, ELECTRICAL BONDING 5 
I 
$3.07 
$3.07 
IN 
Discrepancy: 14.40 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 273077 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (LEFT) INSPECTION 
NOTED LOWER BOSS ON HORZ STAB NO.1 HINGE TO BE OUT OF TOLERANCE. INDEX HINGE LINE 
NO.1. 
Resolution: RQCI: 
UPON FURTHER INVESTIGATION FOUND HORIZONTAL STABILIZER FITTING TO BE WITHIN LIMITS. 
HOLE SIZE 3212-.3145. IAW GIV CMP 273077 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (LEFT) INSPECTION. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.10 
@ 
$142.00 
$440.20 
Total USD: 
$440.20 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 50 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:1IAI 
Reel 
EFTA00808988
--- PAGE 51 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 14.41 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 273077 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (LEFT) INSPECTION 
NOTED LEFT ELEVATOR HORN PIVOT BEARING UNSERVICEABLE DUE TO RESISTANCE FELT 
DURING ROTATION (RATCHETING). 
Resolution: REMOVED BEARING RETAINER PLATE BY REMOVING FOUR(4) BOLTS, WASHERS, NUTS. REMOVED 
WORN BEARING. CLEANED AND INSPECTED BORE WITH NO DEFECTS NOTED. RECEIVED NEW 
BEARING PIN MS28913-10C: RECEIVED FROM GAC SAV UNDER ENTERPRSE TRANSFER NUMBER 
000889433 DATED 5/30/2018. INSTALLED BEARING WET WITH 2012 PRIMER AND INSTALLED BEARING 
RETAINER PLATE WITH ORIGINAL HARDWARE. ALL WORK IAW GAC BP 1159CSM20067. 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.20 
@ 
$142.00 
$312.40 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$325.07
Total USD: 
$637.47 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.41 #1 
MS28913-10C 
BEARING 
$325.07 
$325.07 
Discrepancy: 14.42 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 273077 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (LEFT) INSPECTION 
NOTED ELEVATOR HORN UNIVERSAL BUSHING A4 TO HAVE CORROSION DAMAGE TO HAT 
SURFACE. 
Resolution: SEE ITEM 14.34 FOR LH ELEVATOR HORN REBUSHING 
Discrepancy: 14.43 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 273077 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (LEFT) INSPECTION 
NOTED ELEVATOR HORN BUSHINGS A2 AND Al TO HAVE SCORING AND FRETTING CORROSION 
ON I.D. 
Resolution: SEE ITEM 14.34 FOR LJH ELEVATOR HORN REBUSHING 
Discrepancy: 14.44 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 273077 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (LEFT) INSPECTION 
NOTED LEFT ELEVATOR HINGE NO.4 BOSSES, LINE INDEX 4-4 AND 4-5 WORN BEYOND 
TOLERANCE. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 51 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808989
--- PAGE 52 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: RQCI 
PERFORMED REPAIR 5E05000102-911P5-21 TO LH ELEVATOR HINGE #4. BORES MEASURE 
.3906 - 3911, INSTALLED SE05000102-911P5-21 REPAIR SLEEVE. 
WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG SE05000901 REV E. REF STEPS BELOW FOR FURTHER DETAILS. THIS IS A 
MAJOR REPAIR, REF ITEM 14.70 FOR 8100-9 APPROVAL AND 337 INFO. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.12 
@ 
$142.00 
$585.04 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$979.28 
Total USD: 
$1,564.32 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.4481 
SE05000102-911P5-2I 
STANDARD REOLAIR SLEEVE 
$979.28 
$979.28 
Step: 14.44.1 
Step: 14.44.2 
Step: 14.44.3 
Step: 14.44.4 
Step: 14.44.5 
Completed 
REAMED LII ELEV HINGE FITTING NO.4 (PIN: 1159CSM20032-1) FROM 
NOMINAL SIZE TO 1ST OVERSIZE TO INSTALL REPAIR SLEEVE P/N: 
SE05000102-911P5-21 RECEIVED FROM GAC-SAV PACKING SLIP: 
SASH#17-160356 DATED 14 NOV 2017. WORK PERFORMED IAW GAC BP 
5E05000102 REV E - STD. REPAIR - CONTROL SURFACE HINGE FITTINGS. 
Completed 
CAD PLATED NO.4 ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING BORES lAW CAMPS 6103 REV 
F 
Completed 
REAMED LII ELEV NO.4 HINGE MOUNT FITTING ON HORIZONTAL STAB 
REAR BEAM FROM NOMINAL SIZE TO 1ST OVERSIZE. ALL WORK DONE 
IAW GAC BP 5E05000102 REV E - STD. REPAIR - CONTROL SURFACE HINGE 
FITTINGS. 
Completed 
CAD PLATED LH ELEV NO.4 HINGE MOUNT FITTING ON HORIZONTAL 
STAB REAR BEAM IAW CAMPS 6103 REV F. 
Completed 
ENTERED IN ERROR 
Discrepancy: 14.45 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 273078 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (RIGHT) INSPECTION 
NOTED ELEVATOR HORN UNIVERSAL BUSHING, LINE INDEX A4 AND A8 TO HAVE FRETTING 
CORROSION ON HAT SURFACES AND I.D. 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED THE RH ELEVATOR HORN UNIVERSAL FITTING BUSHINGS AND CLEANED THE BORES. 
VISUALLY INSPECTED AND DIMENSIONALLY CHECKED RH ELEVATOR HORN UNIVERSAL FITTING - NO 
DEFECTS NOTED AT THIS TIME. RECEIVED OKAY TO INSTALL 4EA NEW BUSHING P/N 1159CSM20095-15, 
NSN, REF FAA 8130-3 FORM TRACKING NO. 20160525083830, ISSUED BY GAC-SAV, APPROVAL NO. 
ODA-511131-CE, DATED 25 MAY 2016 lAW GAC BP 1159CSM20068 REV B - FTG ASSY CONTROL SURFACES. 
INSTALLED 2 EA HAT BUSHINGS P/N 1159CSM20095-11, NSN & 2 EA HAT BUSHINGS P/N 1159CSM20095-15, 
NSN ON RIH ELEVATOR HORN UNIVERSAL FITTING IAW GAC BP 1159CSM20068 REV B - FTG ASSY 
CONTROL SURFACES AND GAMPS 2226. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.00 
@ 
$142.00 
$710.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$29.26
Total USD: 
$739.26 
Parts: 
Ref'. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 52 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A? 
Reel 
EFTA00808990
--- PAGE 53 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Pans: 
Ref'. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.45 #1 
515X333-2OZ 
KIT, TOUCH UP, EPDXY PRIMER, 2 
$29.26 
OZ, GREEN 
Step: 14.45.1 
Step: 14.45.2 
Step: 14.45.3 
Completed REFER TO STEP 14.46.1 FOR COMPLIANCE WITH TURN DOWN OF NEW 
BUSHINGS P/N 1159CSM20095-I5. 
Completed 
REMOVED THE RH ELEVATOR HORN UNIVERSAL FITTING BUSHINGS AND 
CLEANED THE BORES. VISUALLY INSPECTED AND DIMENSIONALLY 
CHECKED RH ELEVATOR HORN UNIVERSAL FITTING - NO DEFECTS NOTED 
AT THIS TIME. RECEIVED OKAY TO INSTALL 4EA NEW BUSHING FIN 
1159CSM1120095-15, NSN, REF FAA 8130-3 FORM TRACKING NO. 20160525083830, 
ISSUED BY GAC-SAV, APPROVAL NO. ODA-511131-CE, DATED 25 MAY 2016 IAW 
GAC BP 1159CSM20068 REV B - FTC ASSY CONTROL SURFACES. 
Completed 
INSTALLED 2 EA HAT BUSHINGS FIN 1159CSM20095-11, NSN & 2 EA HAT 
BUSHINGS P/N 1159CSM20095-15, NSN ON RAH ELEVATOR HORN UNIVERSAL 
FITTING IAW GAC BP 1I59CSM20068 REV B - FTG ASSY CONTROL SURFACES 
AND CAMPS 2226. 
$29.26 
Discrepancy: 14.46 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 273078 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (RIGHT) INSPECTION 
NOTED ELEVATOR HORN BUSHINGS, LINE INDEX Al AND A2 TO HAVE FRETTING CORROSION ON 
I.D. SURFACES. 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED THE RH ELEVATOR HORN BUSHINGS , CLEANED THE BORES NO DEFECTS NOTE AT THIS 
TIME. WORK DONE IAW GULFSTREAM DRAWING NUMBERS 1159CSM20068 AND 1159CSM200066. 
MEASURED LINE INDEX Al BORE AND OBTAINED 0.7528" WHICH MEETS SPEC (0.7523"-0.7533"). 
RECEIVED OKAY AND INSTALLED NEW HAT BUSHING P/N: 1159CSM20095-1 NSN RECEIVED FROM 
GAC-SAV ODA-511131-CE FAA FORM 8130-3 TRACKING# 20131019064004 DATED 19 OCT 2013 lAW GAC BP 
1159CSM20066 REV F - FTG ASSY CONTROL SURFACES. VISUALLY INSPECTED AND DIMENSIONALLY 
CHECKED RH ELEVATOR FITTING HORN - NO DEFECTS NOTED. RECEIVED OKAY TO INSTALL 2 EA HAT 
BUSHINGS P/N: 1159CSM20095-21 NSN RECEIVED FROM GAC-SAV ODA-511131-CE FAA FORM 8130-3 
TRACKING#20160808083152 DATED 08 AUG 2016 IAW GAC BP 1159CSM20066 REV F- FTC ASSY CONTROL 
SURFACES. INSTALLED 2 EA HAT BUSHINGS P/N 1159CSM20095-21, NSN ON RAH ELEVATOR HORN IAW GAC 
BP 1159CSM20066 REV F- FTG ASSY CONTROL SURFACES AND GAMPS 2226. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.90 
@ 
$142.00 
$837.80 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$82.97
Total USD: 
$920.77 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.46 #1 
1159CSM20095-1 
BUSHING 
I 
$47.51 
$47.51 
14.46 #2 
1159CSM1120095-21 
BUSHING 
$17.73 
$35.46 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 53 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808991
--- PAGE 54 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Step: 14.46.1 
Completed 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
RECEIVED 2 EA P/N 1159CSM20095-2I AND TURNED DOWN THE FACE FROM 
.10125 TO FINAL HAT THICKNESS OF .0715 - .0725, RECEIVED 2 EA OF PIN 
I159CSN120095-11 AND TURNED DOWN THE FACE FROM .10125 TO FINAL HAT 
THICKNESS OF .0715-.0725, RECIEIVED 4 EA OF P/N1159CSM20095-15 AND 
TURNED THEM DOWN FROM .101 TO FINAL HAT THICKNESS OF .068-.069. 
ALL WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG II 59CSM20066 REV F. 
Step: 14.46.2 
Completed REMOVED THE Ftll ELEVATOR HORN BUSHINGS IAW GULFSTREAM 
DRAWING NUMBERS 1159CSM20068 AND 1159CSM200066. 
Step: 14.46.3 
Completed 
MEASURED LINE INDEX Al BORE AND OBTAINED 0.7528" WHICH MEETS 
SPEC (0.7523"-0.7533"). RECEIVED OKAY AND INSTALLED NEW HAT BUSHING 
P/N: 1159CSM20095-1 NSN RECEIVED FROM GAC-SAV ODA-511131-CE FAA 
FORM 8130-3 TRACKING# 20131019064004 DATED 19 OCT 2013 IAW GAC BP 
I159CSN120066 REV F - FTG ASSY CONTROL SURFACES. 
Step: 14.46.4 
Completed 
VISUALLY INSPECTED AND DIMENSIONALLY CHECKED [GI ELEVATOR 
FITTING HORN - NO DEFECTS NOTED. RECEIVED OKAY TO INSTALL 2 EA 
HAT BUSHINGS PIN: 1159CSM20095-2I NSN RECEIVED FROM GAC-SAV 
ODA-511131-CE FAA FORM 8130-3 TRACKING#20160808083152 DATED 08 AUG 
2016 IAW GAC BP 1159CSM20066 REV F- FTG ASSY CONTROL SURFACES 
Step: 14.46.5 
Completed INSTALLED 2 EA HAT BUSHINGS P/N 1159CSM20095-21, NSN ON Ft/II 
ELEVATOR HORN IAW GAC BP I I59CSN120066 REV F- FTG ASSY CONTROL 
SURFACES AND CAMPS 2226. 
Discrepancy: 14.47 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 273078 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (RIGHT) INSPECTION 
NOTED RIGHT ELEVATOR HINGE NO.1 INBD BUSHING BOSS WORN ALLOWING HAT-BUSHING 1-1 
MOVEMENT. 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED WORN RH ELEV HINGE #1 INBOARD BOSS HAT BUSHING P/N: 1159SB30210-45 NSN & REPLACED 
WITH NEW BUSHING P/N: 1159SB30210-45 NSN RECEIVED FROM GAC-SAV ODA-511131-CE FAA FORM 8130-3 
TRACKING# 20161015125720 DATED 15 OCT 2016 IAW GAC BP 1159CS20002 REV (V) - ELEVATOR ASSEMBLY, 
CONTROL SURFACES. NO MOVEMENT AFTER REPLACEMENT BUSHING INSTALLATION. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.87 
@ 
$142.00 
$549.54 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$73.93 
Total USD: 
$623.47 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.47 #1 
1159SB30210-45 
BUSHING 
518.64 
$18.64 
14.47 #2 
NAS6608D23 
BOLT 
S16.93 
$16.93 
14.47 #3 
1159CSM20094-105 
SLEEVE 
$34.00 
$34.00 
14.47 #4 
MSI7825-8 
NUT SELF 
$4.36 
$436 
LKG-CASTELLATED,STEEL 
Step: 14.47.1 
Completed REMOVED WORN RH ELEV HINGE #1 INBOARD BOSS HAT BUSHING P/N: 
1159SB30210-45 NSN. 
Step: 14.47.2 
Completed 
REPLACED WITH NEW BUSHING PIN: 1159SB30210-45 NSN RECEIVED FROM 
GAC-SAV ODA-511131-CE FAA FORM 8130-3 TRACKING# 20161015125720 DATED 
OCT 2016 IAW GAC BP 1159CS20002 REV (V) - ELEVATOR ASSEMBLY, 
CONTROL SURFACES. NO MOVEMENT AFTER REPLACEMENT BUSHING 
INSTALLATION. 
Discrepancy: 14.48 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 273078 - ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING (RIGHT) INSPECTION 
NOTED RIGHT ELEVATOR HINGE INBD BUSHING, LINE INDEX 2-1, TO HAVE FRETTING 
CORROSION ON I.D. SURFACES. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 54 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808992
--- PAGE 55 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: REMOVED CORRODED BUSHING PIN: 1159SB30210-45 NSN FROM NO 2 ELEV HINGE INBOARD FITTING 
AND REPLACED WITH NEW BUSHING P/N: 1159SB30210-45 NSN RECEIVED FROM GAC-SAV ODA-511131-CE 
FAA FORM 8130-3 TRACKING/ 20161015125720 DATED 15 OCT 2016 IAW GAC BP 1159C520002 REV (V) - 
ELEVATOR ASSEMBLY, CONTROL SURFACES 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.99 
@ 
$142.00 
$282.58 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$18.64 
Total USD: 
$301.22 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.48 #1 
1159SB30210-45 
BUSHING 
$18.64 
Step: 14.48.1 
Completed 
REMOVED NO 2 ELEVATOR HINGE FITTING INBOARD HAT BUSHING PIN: 
11595B30210-45 NSN IAW GAC BP 1159CSM20139 REV F- FITTING CONTROL 
SURFACES-ELEVATOR HINGE-ELEVATOR STA 60.58 
$18.64 
Discrepancy: 14.49 WHILE COMPLYNG WITH GIV CMP 55201 AND 552012 LH AND RH ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE 
FITTING INSPECTION FOUND CORROSION AT ALL 3 BONDING WIRE ATTACH POINTS ON THE LH 
AND RH ELEVATOR TRIM TABS. 
Resolution: REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION AT ALL 3 BONDING WIRE ATTACH POINTS ON THE LH AND RH 
ELEVATOR TRIM TABS BY LIGHT HAND SANDING WITH NO MATERIAL LOSS.APPLIED ALODINE 
OBTAINED FROM GAC-BAF STOCK. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-21, AND 51-21-21. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
10.05 
@ 
$142.00 
$1,427.10 
Total USD: 
$1,427.10 
Discrepancy: 14.50 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP CODE 552011 LEFT ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE FITTING 
INSPECTION FOUND SEVERAL AREAS OF CORROSION ON THE LH ELEVATOR TRIM TAB LEADING 
EDGE UPPER AND LOWER SURFACES. 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED MINOR SURFACE CORROSION FROM THE UPPER LEADING EDGE OF THE L/H ELEVATOR 
TRIM TAB WITH MINIMAL MATERIAL LOST AT THE FOLLOWING ELEVATOR STATIONS 23.116, 33.676, 
76.547, AND 120.174. REMOVED MINOR SURFACE CORROSION FROM THE LOWER LEADING EDGE OF THE 
L/H ELEVATOR TRIM TAB WITH MINIMAL MATERIAL LOST AT THE FOLLOWING ELEVATOR STATIONS 
87.529 AND 109.493. ALODINED AND PRIMER THE AFFECTED AREAS WORK DONE IAW GULFSTREAM GIV 
SRM 51-13-10 AND 51-07-10. 
PERFORMED SKIN REPAIR ON THE UPPER FORWARD L/H ELEVATOR TRIM TAB AT BL 45.799-56.0245 AND 
APPROXIMATELY BL 104. WORK DONE IAW GAC SE05516001. 
PERFORMED SKIN REPAIR ON THE LOWER FORWARD L/H ELEVATOR TRIM TAB AT BL 45.799-56.0245 
AND APPROXIMATELY BL 124. WORK DONE IAW GAC SE05516001. 
THIS IS A MINOR REPAIR, REF ITEM 14.73 FOR ELEVATOR BALANCE CORRECTION AND VERIFICATION. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 55 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808993
--- PAGE 56 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
26.61 
@ 
$142.00 
$3,778.62 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.00 
@ 
$231.00 
$231.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$95.62 
Total USD: 
$4,105.24 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.50 #1 
PS870B1-2DAB-KIT 
SEALANT,50 GRAM KIT,CUP AND 
$36.54 
$36.54 
SYRINGE 
14.50 #6 
NASI097AD3-3 
RIVET 
S0.22 
$2.20 
14.50 #7 
MS20426AD4-4 
RIVET 
$0.22 
$1.76 
14.50 0X 
MS20426AD4-5 
RIVET 
a 
$0.22 
$1.76 
14.50 #9 
MS20426AD4-5 
RIVET 
$0.22 
S2.20 
14.50 #10 
MS20426AD3-3 
RIVET 
S0.22 
$2.20 
14.50 #11 
NASI097AD3-3 
RIVET 
$0.22 
$2.20 
14.50 #12 
515X333-2OZ 
KIT, TOUCH UP, EPDXY PRIMER. 2 
$29.26 
$29.26 
OZ, GREEN 
14.50014 
NASI581C3T2 
BOLT, 100 DEG FRH, OFS 
$0.80 
$8.00 
CRUCIFORM, 95 KSI 
14.50015 
NAS1581C3T3 
SCREW 
S0.44 
$3.52 
14.50016 
MS24694-552 
SCREW,MACHINE,FLAT CTSK 
$0.23 
$3.68 
HD,100DEG,STRL 
14.50017 
MS24694C4 
SCREW 
$0.23 
5230 
Step: 14.50.1 
Completed REMOVED MINOR SURFACE CORROSION FROM THE UPPER LEADING EDGE 
OF THE LAI ELEVATOR TRIM TAB WITH MINIMAL MATERIAL LOST AT THE 
FOLLOWING LOCATIONS: BL47.5, BL52.0, BL75, BL123.5. REMOVED MINOR 
SURFACE CORROSION FROM THE LOWER LEADING EDGE OF THE L/II 
ELEVATOR TRIM TAB WITH MINIMAL MATERIAL LOST AT THE FOLLOWING 
LOCATIONS: BL106.0 AND 82.5. ALODINED AND PRIMED THE AFFECTED 
AREAS. WORK DONE IAW GULFSTREAM GIV SRM 51-13-10 AND 51-07-10. 
Step: 14.50.2 
Completed ON L/H ELEEVATOR PERFORMED SKN REPAIR INSTL- ELEVATOR TRIM TAB 
BL 45.799 - 56.0245 IAW GAC BP SE05516001. REPAIR INSTALLED ON UPPER 
FORWARD SKIN SURFACE APPROXIMATELY BL104. 
Step: 14.50.3 
Waiting 
ELEVATOR BALANCE CORRECTED AND VERIFIED UNDER ITEM 14.73 
Insp 
Step: 14.50.4 
Completed ON L/H ELEEVATOR PERFORMED SKN REPAIR INSTL- ELEVATOR TRIM TAB 
BL 45.799 - 56.0245 IAW GAC BP 5E05516001. REPAIR INSTALLED ON LOWER 
FORWARD SKIN SURFACE APPROXIMATELY BLI 24. 
Step: 14.50.5 
Completed ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
ENGINEERING CONSIDERS THE FOLLOWING REWORK TO BE MINOR IN 
NATURE, NO 8100-9 FAA APPROVALS REQUIRED. 
REPAIR NOTED DAMEG PER SE05516001 (REV -)'SKIN REPAIR INSTL - 
ELEVATOR TRIM TAB - BL 45.799-56.0245". 
CHECK WEIGHT AND BALANCE OF THE REPAIR TAB AND ELEVATOR/TAB 
ASSY IS REQUIRED, REF NIM27-0I-00 
Step: 14.50.6 
Waiting 
MEASURED 1.675 POUNDS AT 18 INCHES AFT OF HINGE #3 CENTERLINE ON 
Insp 
LH ELEV TRAILING EDGE OBTAINING 30.15 IN/LB TRAILING EDGE HEAVY 
MOMENT. WORK PERFORMED IAW GIV AMM 27-01-00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 56 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808994
--- PAGE 57 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 14.51 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 552011 LEFT ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE FITTING 
INSPECTION FOUND LH TRIM TAB INBOARD AND OUTBOARD ATTACH POINT BEARINGS ARE 
FROZEN. 
Resolution: RQCI: 
UPON FUTHUR INVESTIGATION FOUND THE L/H OUTBOARD ELEVATOR TRIM TAB ATTACHMENT 
BEARING TO BE IN SERVICEABLE CONDITION. REMOVED THE FROZEN L/H ELEVATOR TRIM TAB 
ATTACHMENT INBOARD BEARING WITH P/N MS14101-4 S/N NSN. INSTALLED A NEW L/H ELEVATOR TRIM 
TAB ATTACHMENT BEARING WITH PIN MS14101-4 S/N NSN. RECEIVED FROM GULFSTREAM DALLAS 
REFERENCE PACKING LIST WITH DASH NUMBER 18-08172 DATED 6/2/2018. WORK DONE IAW 
GULFSTREAM DRAWING# 1159CSM20152, REV. C, AND DOCUMENT# GAB14E. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.92 
@ 
$142.00 
$982.64 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$114.81 
Total USD: 
$1,097.45 
Parts: 
Re.  No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.51 #1 
MS14101-4 
BEARING,PLAIN,SELF LUB & ALIGN 
$13.91 
$41.73 
14.51 #3 
PS870B1-2DAB-KIT 
SEALANT,50 GRAM KIT,CUP AND 
536.54 
$73.08 
SYRINGE 
Discrepancy: 14.52 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 552011 LEFT ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE FITTING 
INSPECTION FOUND LH TRIM TAB HOLE INDEX 1-1 IS OUT OF DIMENSIONAL TOLERANCES. 
Resolution: RQCI: 
REAMED LH ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HOLE INDEX 1-1 TO THE FIRST OVERSIZE OF .3905. ALSO FOUND LH 
ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HOLE INDEX 1-3 TO BE OUT OF TOLERANCE. REAMED FITTING TO THE SECOND 
OVERSIZE OF .4063. ALODINED HOLE AS REQ. 
INSTALLED A NEW HAT BUSHING WITH P/N SE05000102-912S88-1 NSN . INTO HOLE INDEX 1-1 REFERENCE 
CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE WITH PACKING LIST # SAP017-17117.1 DATED 4-27-17 FROM 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP. 
RECIEVED A NEW SLEEVE BUSHING WITH P/N 5E05000102-911P2-5 NSN .REFERENCE R&I LOG INTRY 104 
FOR INSTALLATION REFERENCE CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE WITH PACKING LIST # 
SAP01-64001.1G DATED 5-7-18FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP. 
. ALL WORK DONE IAW GULFSTREAM DRAWING SE05000102, REV E. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.55 
@ 
$142.00 
$504.10 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,076.11 
Total USD: 
$1,580.21 
Parts: 
Ref'. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.52 #1 
SE05000102-912588-1 
BUSHING, STD REPAIR 
5321.93 
$321.93 
14.52 #2 
5E05000102-911P2-5 
BUSHING, PLAIN 
$754.18 
$754.18 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoicelpt 2011 
Page 57 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11M 
Rent 
EFTA00808995
--- PAGE 58 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Step: 14.52.1 
Completed RQCI: 
REAMED LII ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HOLE INDEX 1-1 TO THE FIRST 
OVERSIZE OF .3905. ALSO FOUND LII ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HOLE INDEX 1-3 
TO BE OUT OF TOLERANCE. REAMED FITTING TO THE SECOND OVERSIZE 
OF .4063. ALODINED HOLE AS REQ. ALL WORK DONE IAW GULFSTREAM 
DRAWING 5E05000102, REV E. 
Discrepancy: 14.53 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP 552012 RIGHT ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE FITTING 
INSPECTION FOUND RH TRIM TAB HOLE INDEX 1-3 AND 2-3 ARE OUT OF DIMENSIONAL 
TOLERANCES. 
Resolution: RQCI: 
REAMED RH ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HOLE INDEX 1-3 AND 2-3 TO THE FIRST OVERSIZE OF .3905. 
ALODINED HOLES AS REQ. 
RECIEVED TWO NEW SLEEVE BUSHING WITH P/N SE05000102-911P2-5 NSN .REFERENCE R&I LOG INTRY 
103 FOR INSTALLATION REFERENCE CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE WITH PACKING LIST # 
SAP01-64001.1G DATED 5-7-18FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP. 
WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG SE05000901 REV E. REF STEPS BELOW FOR FURTHER DETAILS. THIS IS A 
MAJOR REPAIR, REF ITEM 14.70 FOR 8100-9 APPROVAL AND 337 INFO. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.77 
® 
$142.00 
$535.34 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$2,648.86 
Total USD: 
$3,184.20 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.53 #1 
5E05000102-911P1-5 
BUSHING 
$1,324.43 
$2,648.86 
Step: 14.53.1 
Completed RQCI: 
REAMED RH ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HOLE INDEX 1-3 AND 2-3 TO THE FIRST 
OVERSIZE OF .3905. ALODINED HOLES AS REQ. ALL WORK DONE IAW 
GULFSTREAM DRAWING 5E05000102, REV E. 
Discrepancy: 14.54 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP CODE 552012 RIGHT ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE FITTING 
INSPECTION FOUND ALL 3 TRIM RIGHT HAND ELEVATOR TRIM TAB ATTACH POINT BEARING S 
FROZEN. 
Resolution: RQCI: 
UPON FUTHUR INVESTIGATION FOUND THE R/H CENTER 
ELEVATOR TRIM TAB ATTACHMENT BEARING TO BE IN SERVICEABLE CONDITION. REMOVED THE 
WORN R/H OUTBOARD ELEVATOR TRIM TAB ATTACHMENT BEARING WITH P/N MS14101-4 S/N NSN. 
INSTALLED A NEW R/H OUTBOARD ELEVATOR TRIM TAB ATTACHMENT BEARING WITH P/N MS14101.4 
S/N NSN. RECEIVED FROM GAC SAVANNAH WITH APPROVAL NUMBER ODA-511131-CE. REFERENCE 8130-3 
WITH FORM TRACKING NU,MBER 20111231094508 DATED 12/31/2011. REMOVED THE WORN R/H INBOARD 
ELEVATOR TRIM TAB ATTACHMENT BEARING WITH P/N MS14101-4 SIN NSN. INSTALLED A NEW R/H 
INBOARD ELEVATOR TRIM TAB ATTACHMENT BEARING WITH P/N MS14101-4 S/N NSN. RECEIVED FROM 
GAC LONG BEACH REFERENCE PACKING LIST WITH DASH NUMBER 18-05926 DATED 6/2/2018. WORK 
DONE IAW GULFSTREAM DRAWING# 1159CSM20152, REV. C, DOCUMENT# GAB14E AND ENGINEERING 
DISPOSITION SC18654, 14.54.2 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 58 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808996
--- PAGE 59 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
7.94 
@ 
$142.00 
$1,127.48 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.00 
@ 
$231.00 
$231.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$27.82
Total USD: 
$1,386.30 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.54 #1 
MSI4101-4 
BEARING,PLAIN,SELF LUB & ALIGN 
$13.91 
$27.82 
Step: 14.54.1 
Completed 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION REQUEST FOR THE CONTINUE FOR SERVICE 
ON THE Ftfli ELEVATOR INBOARD TRIM TAB ATTACHMENT POINT BEARING 
MOUNTING HOLE. THE MOUNT PIN IS 1159CS11120152-1 PER GULFSTREAM 
DRAWING 1159CSM20152 THE HOLE SHOULD MEASURE .6552 TO .6557. 
CURRENT MEASUREMENT IS .0013 OVERSIZED. 
Step: 14.54.2 
Completed 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
ENGINEERING REVIEW OF NOTED CONDITION FINDS THE 1159CSM20152-1 
BEARING BORE TB STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED 
SERVICE. 
CONTINUE WITH MSI4101-4 BEARING PRESS FIT OPERATIONS IAW GABI4E 
Discrepancy: 14.55 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP CODE 552012 RIGHT ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE FITTING 
INSPECTION, FOUND THE INBOARD RH ELEVATOR TRIM TAB PUSH ROD AFT ROD END GREASE 
SEALS ARE MISSING. 
Resolution: RQCI: 
REMOVED FAULTY ROD END P/N MS21151-8 NSN AND INSTALLED A NEW ROD END P/N MS21151-8 NSN 
RECEIVED FROM GAC SAV. REF CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE ORDER NUMBER 22013581-0001 P.O. 
NUMBER WEP017-03885 DATED 8/3/2017. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV AMM 27-04-00. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.82 
@ 
$142.00 
$116.44 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$89.07
Total USD: 
$205.51 
Parts: 
Ref'. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.55 kl 
MS21151-8 
BEARING, ROD END, DBL ROW, 235 
$89.07 
$89.07 
IN L 
Discrepancy: 14.56 WHILE COMPLYING WITH GIV CMP CODE 552012 RIGHT ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE FITTING 
INSPECTIN FOUND CORROSION ON THE RH ELEVATOR UPPER SKIN FWD AND OUTBOARD OF THE 
TRIM TAB OUTBOARD ATTACH POINT. 
Resolution: REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSIONON THE RH ELEVATOR UPPER SKIN FWD AND OUTBOARD OF 
THE TRIM TAB OUTBOARD ATTACH POINT BY LIGHT HAND SANDING WITH NO MATERIAL 
LOSS.APPLIED ALODINE AND PRIMER OBTAINED FROM GAC-BAF STOCK. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV 
SRM 51-13-21,51-07-10 AND 51-21-21. 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.12 
@ 
$142.00 
$301.04 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 59 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00808997
--- PAGE 60 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Total USD: 
$301.04 
Discrepancy: 14.57 WHILE C/W CMP 273007 L/H ELEVATOR R&I FOUND STATIC WICK ON LH HORIZONTAL STAB 
PANEL 37-TIP-1 BROKEN. 
Resolution: REMOVED BROKEN STATIC WICK ON LH HORIZONTAL STAB PANEL 37-TIP-1 NPN NSN AND INSTALLED A 
NEW STATIC WICK P/N 2-14SC-1 NSN RECEIVED FROM GAC BAF STOCK. PERFORMED RESISTENCE 
CHECK WITH NO DEFECTS NOTED. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV AMM 23-05-00. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.68 
@ 
$142.00 
S96.56 
Total USD: 
$96.56 
Discrepancy: 14.58 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 554015 RUDDER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND RUDDER BOTTTOM HINGE 
FITTING HAS AREAS OF SURFACE CORROSION ON ALL EXTERIOR SURFACES. 
Resolution: REMOVED AREAS OF LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION / STAINING ON AFFECTED EXTERIOR SURFACES OF 
RUDDER BOTTTOM HINGE FITTING USING GRAY SCOTCHBRITE AND HAND METHOD WITH NO BASE 
MATERIAL LOSS. CLEANED AND APPLIED EPDXY PRIMER / TOPCOAT AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GIV SRM CHAPTER 51-13-20. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.00 
@ 
$142.00 
$568.00 
Total USD: 
$568.00 
Discrepancy: 14.59 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 554015 RUDDER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND SKIN ON THE LEFT SIDE OF 
THE RUDDER NEXT TO THE UPPER HINGE HAS DAMAGE INTO THE COMPOSITE MATERIAL THAT 
REQUIRES REPAIR 
Resolution: CAREFULLY REMOVED PAINT AND HIGH BUILD PRIMER FROM DAMAGE AREA AND DETAIL INSPECTED. 
NOTED TWO MINOR DEPRESSIONS IN COMPOSITE MATRIX WITH NO DISBOND NOTED. PERFORMED 
CHOPPED FIBER REPAIR TO AREA IAA/ G IV SRM 51-78-00. REPROTECTED AREA WITH 3012 PRIMER AND 
TOPCOAT TO MATCH. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
8.20 
@ 
$142.00 
$1,164.40 
Total USD: 
$1,164.40 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 60 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00808998
--- PAGE 61 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Step: 14.59.1 
Completed 
CAREFULLY REMOVED PAINT AND HIGII BUILD PRIMER FROM DAMAGE 
AREA AND DETAIL INSPECTED. NOTED TWO MINOR DEPRESSIONS IN 
COMPOSITE MATRIX WITH NO DISBOND NOTED. PERFORMED CHOPPED 
FIBER REPAIR TO AREA IAW G IV SRM 51-78-00. 
Discrepancy: 14.60 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 554015 RUDDER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND RUDDER HINGE INDEX 1-4 
HAS PITTING IN THE BORE 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED PITTING CORROSION FROM BORE OF RUDDER HINGE INDEX 1.4, BY REAMING TOP HINGE 
AND FITTING TO FIRST OVERSIZE .3898. NO FURTHER DEFECTS NOTED AT THIS TIME. 
RECEIVED NEW SLEEVE P/N SE05000901-914P1-28 NSN REFERENCE CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE 
WITH PACKING LIST # SAP014-14802 DATED 10-1-14 FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP. REF R&I 
#208 FOR INSTALLATION, 
WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG SE05000901 REV E. REF STEPS BELOW FOR FURTHER DETAILS. THIS IS A 
MAJOR REPAIR, REF ITEM 14.70 FOR 8100-9 APPROVAL AND 337 INFO. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.53 ® 
$142.00 
$501.26 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$2,863.88 
Total USD: 
$3,365.14 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.60 #1 
SE0S000901-914P1-28 
SLEEVE 
$2,863.88 
$2,863.88 
Step: 14.60.1 
Step: 14.60.2 
Completed 
REMOVED PITTING CORROSION FROM BORE OF RUDDER HINGE INDEX 1-4, 
BY REAMING TOP HINGE AND FITTING TO FIRST OVERSIZE .3898. NO 
FURTHER DEFECTS NOTED AT THIS TIME. WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG NO. 
5E05000102, REV E. 
Completed 
STEP ENTERED IN ERROR. 
Discrepancy: 14.61 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 554015 RUDDER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND RUDDER HINGE INDEX 2-4 IS 
OUT OF DIMENSIONAL LIMITS. 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED PITTING CORROSION FROM BORE OF RUDDER HINGE INDEX 2-4 BY REAMING MIDDLE 
HINGE AND FITTING TO FIRST OVERSIZE .3898. NO FURTHER DEFECTS NOTED AT THIS TIME. 
RECEIVED A NEW SLEEVE WITH P/N SE05000901-914P1-2 . REFERENCE CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE 
WITH PACKING LIST # 100465 DATED JAN-06-2017 FROM DYNAMO AVIATION, INC. REF R&I #208 FOR 
INSTALLATION. 
WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG SE05000901 REV E. REF STEPS BELOW FOR FURTHER DETAILS. THIS IS A 
MAJOR REPAIR, REF ITEM 14.70 FOR 8100-9 APPROVAL AND 337 INFO. 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.61 
® 
$142.00 
$512.62 
Time and Material 
$1,123.51 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 61 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00808999
--- PAGE 62 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Total USD: 
$1,636.13 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.61 #1 
SE05000901-914P1-2" 
lit %BING 
$1,123.51 
$1,123.51 
Step: 14.61.1 
Completed 
REMOVED PITTING CORROSION FROM BORE OF RUDDER HINGE INDEX 2-4 
BY REAMING MIDDLE HINGE AND FITTING TO FIRST OVERSIZE .3898. NO 
FURTHER DEFECTS NOTED AT THIS TIME. WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG NO. 
SE05000102 REV E. 
Discrepancy: 14.62 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 554015 RUDDER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND RUDDER HINGE INDEX 3-3 
HAS PITTING IN THE BORE 
Resolution: RQCI 
PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-913D3-26 TO RUDDER LOWER HINGE, BORE MEASURES 
.3755, INSTALLED SE05000901-913D3-26 BUSHING 
WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG SE05000901 REV E. REF STEPS BELOW FOR FURTHER DETAILS. THIS IS A 
MAJOR REPAIR, REF ITEM 14.70 FOR 8100-9 APPROVAL AND 337 INFO. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.10 
@ 
$142.00 
$440.20 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,565.79
Total USD: 
$2,005.99 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.62 #1 
5E05000901-913D3-26 
DOGBONE BUSHING 
$1,565.79 
Step: 14.62.1 
Step: 14.62.2 
Completed 
Completed 
REMOVED PITTING CORROSION FROM BORE OF RUDDER HINGE INDEX 3-3 
BY REAMING BOTTOM HINGE AND FITTING TO THIRD OVERSIZE 3755. NO 
FURTHER DEFECTS NOTED AT THIS TIME. WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG NO. 
SE05000102 REV E. 
INSTALLED NEW DOGBONE BUSHING PIN SE05000901-913D3-2 INTO HINGE 
REF PACKING SLIP SASH#18-82146 FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP. 
DATED 06/•03/•2018 ALL WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG NO. SE05000102 REV E 
$1,565.79 
Discrepancy: 14.63 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 554015 RUDDER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND RUDDER HINGE INDEX 4-2 
HAS PITTING IN ONE OF THE HAT BUSHINGS 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED LH RUDDER TORQUE TUBE HINGE INDEX 4-2 HAT BUSHING WITH P/N UNK, NSN. 
DIMENSIONALLY MEASURED BORE AND FOUND TO BE NOMINAL. INSTALLED A NEW LH RUDDER 
TORQUE TUBE HINGE INDEX 4-2 HAT BUSHING WITH P/N GABIOE7-6, NSN. AND LINE REAMED. 
REFERENCE PACKING SLIP WITH ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 000890471 DATED 06/02/2018. 
RECEIVED FROM GAC SAV. WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG 1159CS20305 REV. J. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.42 
@ 
$142.00 
$343.64 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$156.25 
Total USD: 
$499.89 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 62 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809000
--- PAGE 63 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.63 #1 
GABI0E7-6 
BUSHING 
$156.25 
$156.25 
Step: 14.63.1 
Step: 14.63.2 
Completed 
REMOVED LH RUDDER TORQUE TUBE HINGE INDEX 4-2 HAT BUSHING 
WITH P/N UNK, NSN. DIMENSIONALLY MEASURED BORE AND FOUND TO BE 
NOMINAL. INSTALLED A NEW LII RUDDER TORQUE TUBE HINGE INDEX 4-2 
HAT BUSHING WITH P/N GABI0E7-6, NSN. REFERENCE PACKING SLIP WITH 
ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 000890471 DATED 06/02/2018. RECEIVED 
FROM GAC SAV. WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG 1159CS20305 REV. J. 
Completed 
LINE REAMED INSTALLED BUSHING TO 0.4372. WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG 
1159C520305 REV. J. 
Discrepancy: 14.64 WHILE C/W CMP CODE 554015 RUDDER / HINGE INSPECTION FOUND VERTICAL ATTACH FITTING 
INDEX 1-1 IS OUT OF DIMENSIONAL TOLERANCE 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED OUT OF TOLERANCE BUSHING P/N 11595B30210-57 FROM UPPER RUDDER HINGE ATTACH 
FITTING INDEX 1-1 AND INSTALLED A NEW BUSHING P/N 1159SB30210-57. RECEIVED FROM GULFSTREM 
SAVANNAH WITH AUTHORIZATION # ODA-511131-CE. REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH FORM 
TRACKING # 20140817034915 DATED 17 AUG 2014. WORK DONE IAW GIV DWG 11595B30210 REV B. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.26 
® 
$142.00 
$462.92 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$70.50
Total USD: 
$533.42 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.64 #1 
1159SB30210-57 
BUSHING 
$70.50 
$70.50 
Discrepancy: 14.65 WHILE REMOVING L/H WING WEDGE ONE OF THE AFT BOLTS THAT EXTENDS THROUGH THE 
REAR BEAM IS SEIZED. 
Resolution: SOAKED FROZEN BOLT WITH PENETRATING OIL AND MILDLY HEATED AREA TO PROMOTE LOOSENING 
OF BOLT WITH NO EFFECT. RIGGED BUSHING BLOCK IN PLACE AND UNDERSIZE DRILLED BOLT AND 
PUNCHED OUT REMAINING BOLT. CLEANED BORE AND SURROUNDING AREA. REPROTECTED BORE 
AND SURROUNDING AREA. ALL WORK IAW G IV SRM 51-41-00 AND 51-13-00. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.15 
® 
$142.00 
$447.30 
Total USD: 
$44730 
Discrepancy: 14.66 WHILE C/W CMP 554015 FOUND UPPER RUDDER HINGE TO HAVE MULTIPLE CORRODED AREAS 
AND ALL HINGES TO HAVE PITTING CORROSION. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 63 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809001
--- PAGE 64 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: REMOVED MULTIPLE AREAS OF LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION / STAINING ON EXTERIOR SURFACES OF 
RUDDER UPPER HINGE USING GRAY SCOTCHBRITE AND HAND METHOD WITH NO BASE MATERIAL 
LOSS. CLEANED AND APPLIED EPDXY PRIMER / TOPCOAT AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GIV SRM CHAPTER 51-13-20. 
REF ITEM 14.60 FOR PITTING CORROSION REMOVAL FROM BORE ON RUDDER HINGE 1 (TOP) 
REF ITEM 14.61 FOR PITTING CORROSION REMOVAL FROM BORE ON RUDDER HINGE 2 (MIDDLE) 
REF ITEM 14.62 FOR PITTING CORROSION REMOVAL FROM BORE ON RUDDER HINGE 3 (BOTTOM) 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.50 
@ 
$142.00 
$923.00 
Total USD: 
$923.00 
Discrepancy: 14.67 WHILE PREPPING TO INSTALL RH IB GROUND SPOILER, SPOILER BOARD WAS DROPPED. 
Resolution: DUE TO EXTENDED DOWN TIME TO REPAIR EXISTING BOARD, REPLACED R/H GROUND SPOILER 
BOARD WITH A NEW ASSEMBLY. 
REPLACED THE DAMAGED SPOILER BOARD P/N 1159CSH40070-2 S/N 1091 98897 WITH A NEW BOARD P/N 
1159CS40700-10 S/N 1193058. REFERENCE EASA FORM 1 FROM SAFRAN NACELLES LIMITED, APPROVAL # 
UK.21G.2117, FORM TRACKING # 80298609-1 DATED 27 OCT 2017. 
WORK DONE IAW ASC454A (REF ITEM 11.8) AND CMP 276076 (REF ITEM 13.69) 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
14.67 #1 
1159C540700-10 
SPOILER ASSY., GROUND FLT-RII 
14.67 #2 
MSI4183P-C6 
WASHER FLAT CTSK-INCONEL,CD 
I 
PL 
14.67 #3 
AN9600616 
WASHER 
I 
14.67 #4 
GAN512FP6C 
NUT REDUCED HEX - CSTL, LT 
WEIGHT 
14.67 #5 
MS24665-302 
COTTER PIN 
I 
14.67 1/6 
MS24665-304 
COTTER PIN 
I 
14.67 #7 
MS27039-081! 
SCREW-MACHINE, PAN HD, CROSS 
REC 
14.67 #8 
MS2I042-08 
NUT-SELF LOCKING,RING BASE 
14.67 #9 
MS24665-372 
COTTER PIN 
I 
14.67 #10 
NAS6703-3 
BOLT 
I 
14.67#11 
NASII49D0316K 
WASHER-FLAT ANODIZED ALUM 
14.67 #12 
NAS75-3-008 
BUSHING 
I 
14.67 #13 
MS2I042L3 
NUT 
I 
14.67 #14 
NASII49C1063R 
WASHER-FLAT CRES 
I 
14.67 #15 
NASII49FN832P 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL 
14.67 #16 
NAS1149DN832II 
WASHER, FLAT 
14.67 #17 
NAS6706D28 
BOLT-HEX HEAD, CLOSE 
I 
TOLERANCE 
14.67#18 
GABI0G6PL0625 
BUSHING-PLAIN, SLIP FIT 
I 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 64 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809002
--- PAGE 65 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
WO It SC18654 
Description 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Quantity 
14.67 #19 
GABI0GI0PL0671 
BUSHING-PLAIN, SLIP FIT 
14.67 #20 
GAB511GGI0D32A 
BOLT 
14.67 #21 
NAS1149D1063K 
WASHER 
14.67 #22 
GAN512FPI0C 
NUT REDUCED HEX-CSTL,LT 
WEIGHT 
14.67 #23 
MS35338-42 
WASHER, LOCK 
14.67 #24 
1159CM30201-21 
BUSHING 
14.67 #25 
NAS1149D1232K 
WASHER 
14.67 #26 
MS14144L12 
NUT 
14.67 #27 
NAS6712D33 
BOLT 
14.67 #28 
NAS1149D1216K 
WASHER-FLAT ANODIZED ALUM 
14.67 #29 
CM0110701 
THINNER 
14.67 #30 
PR1422B1-2DAB-KIT 
SEALANT, 50 GRAM KIT (CUP & 
SYRINGE) 
Step: 14.67.1 
Completed 
DUE TO EXTENDED DOWN TIME TO REPAIR EXISTING BOARD, REPLACED 
R./ GROUND SPOILER BOARD WITH A NEW ASSEMBLY. P/N 1159C54700-10 IS 
APPROVED FOR THIS AIRCRAFT VIA ASC 454A, REF ITEM 11.8 FOR 
COMPLIANCE. 
RECEIVED NEW BOARD P/N I159CS40700-10 S/N 1193058 FROM GULFSTREAM 
SAV, REF PACKING SLIP SHIPMENT # SASH#18-91861 DATED 6-20-18. ROUTED 
TO PAINT SHOP FOR TOPCOAT. 
Step: 14.67.2 
Completed 
RECIEVED RAI IB GROUND SPOILER IN PAINT SHOP.SCUFF SANDED TOP 
AND BOTTOM SIDES.HUNG SPOILER AND WASHED TO REMOVE 
CONTAMINANTS.TAPED OFF AREA NOT TO BE PAINTED/PRIMED.APPLIED 
HIGII BUILD PRIMER TO TOP SIDE,AND JET-GLO BLACK TO BOTTOM 
SIDE.ALL WORK DONE I/A/W GIV SRM 51-07-10 
Step: 14.67.3 
Completed 
SANDED PRIMER ON TOP SIDE OF SPOILER BOARD AND MASKED OFF 
AREAS NOT TO BE PAINTED. SOLVENT CLEANED AREAS AND THEN APPLIED 
JET GLO BLACK TO PANEL. ALL WORK UMW GIV SRM 51-07-10 
Step: 14.67.4 
Completed 
ADDITIONAL CERT INFO FOR NEW SPOILER BOARD: 
REFERENCE EASA FORM I FROM SAFRAN NACELLES LIMITED, APPROVAL 
# UK.21G.2117, FORM TRACKING k 80298609-1 DATED 27 OCT 2017. 
Step: 14.67.5 
Completed 
UNMASKED SPOILER BOARD AND THEN SANDED WITH 2000 TO 3000 GRIT 
SAND PAPER AND THEN BUFFED AND POLISHED. ALL WORK UAJW GIV SRM 
51-07-10 
Discrepancy: 14.68 WHILE INSTALL ING XM RADIO SATELLITE ANTENNA FOUND COAX CONECTOR SPINNING WHILE 
TURNING CABLE CONECTOR. 
Resolution: REMOVED BROKEN XM ANTENNA WITH P/N CI420-1 SIN 391333.INSTALLED A NEW XM ANTENNA WITH 
PIN C1420-1 S/N 564266 REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING NUMBER 20180203084218 
FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORPORATION DATED 03 FEB 2018 APPROVAL/AUTHORIZATION NO. 
ODA-511131-CE.INSTALLED USING 4 ORIGINAL SCREWS AND SEALED IAW GIV AMM 20-42-00 AND 20-70-11. 
UPDATED GIV CMP 316701 AS REQUIRED.REFERENCE 20.1.4 FOR OPS CHECK. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.17 
® 
$142.00 
524.14 
Total USD: 
$24.14 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderRreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 65 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809003
--- PAGE 66 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 14.69 WHILE C/W CMP GIV 276071 INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER (LEFT) - REMOVAL/ INSTALLATION 
NOTED SPOT OF CORROSION ON LH FLAP TOP SKIN AT LOCATION OF SPOILER BOARD CONTACT. 
Resolution: REMOVED CORROSION ON LH FLAP TOP SKIN AT IB EDGE ABOUT 29" AFT OF LEADING EDGE. 
ACCOMPLISHED REPAIR AT THE ONE MOST INBD LOCATION ON LH FLAP TOP SKIN AS REQUIRED IN 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION. 
PERFORMED ULTRASONIC THICKNESS INSPECTION AND FOUND THE POST BLEND REMAINING NDT 
THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS ON THE LH FLAP 1159CS20800-55 SKIN ARE STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE 
FOR CONTINUED SERVICE. 
TOUCHED UP BARE METALAND REWORKED AREAS WITH FINISH #213 ALODINE PER GAMPS 6113, #3012 
EPDXY PRIMER PER GAMPS 3116 AND TOP COAT TO MATCH CUSTOMER PAINT PER CAMPS 4000. 
ALL WORK DONE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ENGINEERING DISPOSITION SC18654.14.69 STEP 4 AND GIV 
CPCM 20-50-01. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.76 
® 
$142.00 
$533.92 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.93 
® 
$231.00 
$907.83 
Total USD: 
$1,441.75 
Step: 14.69.1 
Completed PERFORMED ULTRASONIC THICKNESS INSPECTION ON LEFT FLAP TOP OF 
SKIN. MEASUREMENTS WRITTEN ON AIRCRAFT. INSPECTION PERFORMED 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL "2.0 ULTRASONIC REVISION 25 
DECEMBER 15TH, 2017. 
Step: 14.69.2 
Completed 
STEP OUT OF ORDER REMOVED CORROSION AS REQUIRED FROM LH FLAP 
TOP SKIN AT IB EDGE ABOUT 29" AFT OF LEADING EDGE. SINGLE LARGE 
PIT WAS LEFT IN THIS AREA AND SUBJECT TO ENGINEERING 
REMEDIATION. A SECOND SPOTOF CORROSION WAS ALSO REMOVED 
ABOUT 26" AFT OF LEADING EDGE AND 6" OB OF IB EDGE OF FLAP. ALL 
WORK IAW GIV CPCM 20-50-01. 
Step: 14.69.3 
Completed REQUEST ENGINEERING TO EVALUATE CORROSION ON FLAP SKIN. 
Step: 14.69.4 
Completed ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
THE POST BLEND REMAINING NDT THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS ON THE 
LH FLAP I159C520800-55 SKIN ARE STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR 
CONTINUED SERVICE. ENSURE THAT A MINIMUM 20 TO 1 WIDTH TO DEPTH 
BLEND RATIO AND 125 RIM OR BETTER SURFACE AND EDGE FINISH WAS 
MAINTAINED. 
AT THE ONE MOST INBD LOCATION PROTECTTHE SUBSTRUCTURE AND 
DRILL (I) EA #50 DIA HOLE THROUGH SKIN ONLY AND AERODYNAMICALLY 
FILL AND FAIR IAW CAMPS 7102. 
TOUCH BARE METAL AND REWORK WITH FINISH #213 ALODINE PER 
CAMPS 6113, #3012 EPDXY PRIMER PER GAMPS 3116 AND TOP COAT TO 
MATCH CUSTOMER PAINT PER GAMPS 4000. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelintinaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 66 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809004
--- PAGE 67 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 14.70 ITEM TO TRACK 8100-9 AND 337 FOR FLIGHT CONTROL SURFACE HINGE FITTINGS REPAIRED IAW 
DWG SE05000102 
Resolution: RQCI 
PERFORMED REWORK OF RUDDER ACTUATOR FORWARD ATTACH FITTING - F.S. 757.562 IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM DRAWING NO. 1159RDB729, NO REVISION, -901 INST. 
THIS MAJOR REPAIR IS SUBSTANTIATED BY FAA FORM 8100-9, DATED 06/15/2018, PROJECT NO. 
TR-07-2018-0014, FROM GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH AUTHORIZATION# ODA-511131-CE, CERT 0336099. 
PERFORMED THE FOLLOWING REPAIRS TO FLIGHT CONTROL HINGE FITTINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
GULFSTREAM DRAWING NO. SE05000102, REV. E. STD. REPAIR - CONTROL SURFACE HINGE FITTINGS: 
1) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-913D6-20 TO L/H #3 AILERON HINGE FITTING P/N 1159WM20202-5. 
2) PERFORMED FIRST INCREMENT O/S REPAIR TO L/H AILERON #1 HINGE HOLES (3 PLACES). 
3) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-911P5-2I TO L/H ELEVATOR HINGE #4. 
4) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-912S88-1 TO L/H ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE# 1 INBOARD LUG. 
5) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-911P2-5 TO L/H ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE# 1 OUTBOARD LUG. 
6) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-911P1-5 TO R/H ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE# 1 OUTBOARD LUG. 
7) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-911P1-5 TO R/H ELEVATOR TRIM TAB HINGE# 2 OUTBOARD LUG. 
8) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-914PI-28 TO RUDDER TOP HINGE. 
9) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-914PI-27 TO RUDDER MIDDLE HINGE. 
10) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-913D3-26 TO RUDDER LOWER HINGE. 
THIS MAJOR REPAIR IS SUBSTANTIATED BY (2 EA) FAA FORM 8100-9, DATED 06/22/2018, PROJECT NO. 
TR-07-2018-0014, FROM GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH AUTHORIZATION# ODA-511131-CE, CERT 0336929 AND 
0336930. 
THESE REPAIRS HAVE NO EFFECT ON CURRENT ICA. 
WEIGHT AND BALANCE EFFECT: NONE 
AFM SUPPLEMENT: NONE 
EXECUTED FAA FORM 337 DATED 26 JUN 2018. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.29 
® 
$142.00 
$467.18 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.00 
® 
$231.00 
$462.00 
Total USD: 
$929.18 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 67 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A? 
Reel 
EFTA00809005
--- PAGE 68 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Step: 14.70.1 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Completed (ITEM 14.20) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-913D6-20 TO LH #3 AILERON 
HINGE FITTING P/N 1159WM20202-5. BORE MEASURES .4065, INSTALLED 
SE05000901-913D6-20 BUSHING 
(ITEM 14.21) PERFORMED FIRST INCREMENT OS REPAIR TO LII AILERON #1 
HINGE HOLES (3 PLACES). BORES MEASURE 3280, INSTALLED NAS6605D40X, 
NAS6605D54X, AND NAS6605D66X O/S HARDWARE. 
(ITEM 14.44) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-911P5-21 TO LII ELEVATOR 
HINGE #4. BORES MEASURE 3906 - .3911, INSTALLED SE05000102-911P5-2I 
REPAIR SLEEVE. 
(ITEM 14.52) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-912588-1 TO Lli ELEVATOR 
TRIM TAB HINGE 1 INDEX I-I(AS DEFINED IN CMP 552011), BORE MEASURES 
.3905, INSTALLED SE05000102-912S88-1 BUSHING. 
(ITEM 14.52) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-911P2-5 TO LII ELEVATOR 
TRIM TAB HINGE 1 INDEX I-3 (AS DEFINED IN CMP 552011), BORE MEASURES 
.4063, INSTALLED SE05000I02-9I1P2-5 SLEEVE. 
(ITEM 14.53) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-91IP1-5 TO RH ELEVATOR 
TRIM TAB HINGE 1 INDEX 1-3 (AS DEFINED IN CUP 552011), BORE MEASURES 
.3905, INSTALLED SE05000I02-9I I PI-5 BUSHING. 
(ITEM 14.53) PERFORMED REPAIR 5E05000102-911P1-5 TO FtlI ELEVATOR 
TRIM TAB HINGE 2 INDEX 2-3 (AS DEFINED IN CMP 552011), BORE MEASURES 
.3905, INSTALLED SE05000102-911P1-5 BUSHING. 
(ITEM 14.60) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-914P1-28 TO RUDDER TOP 
HINGE AND FITTING, BORES MEASURE .1898, INSTALLED 
5E05000901-914P1-28 BUSHING. 
(ITEM 14.61) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-914P1-27 TO RUDDER MIDDLE 
HINGE AND FITTING, BORES MEASURE 3898, INSTALLED 
5E05000901-914P1-27 BUSHING. 
(ITEM 14.62) PERFORMED REPAIR SE05000102-913D3-26 TO RUDDER LOWER 
HINGE, THIRD OVERSIZE, BORE MEASURES 3755, INSTALLED 
5E05000901-913D3-26 BUSHING 
Discrepancy: 14.71 WHILE GIVING AN OK TO INSTALLTHE CARPET FOUND 'C' SHAPED GOUGE IN THE TOP SKIN OF 
FLR-37 
Resolution: ROUTED OUT FIBERGLASS LAYER OF 'C' SHAPE FLOOR BOARD PUNCTURES. FILLED PUNCTURE AREA 
HONEYCOMB CELLS WITH EA9394 ADHESIVE. APPLIED TWO PLIES OF FIBERGLASS 116 MIXED WITH 
EA956 RESIN TO REPAIRED PUNCTURE AREAS, AWAITING RESIN TO CURE. WORK PERFORMED IAW GAC 
SGER-004 53.6 - FLOORBOARD REPAIRS. 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.49 
@ 
$142.00 
$495.58 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$52.02
Total USD: 
$547.60 
Pans: 
Ret No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.71 #1 
EA9394-50G 
ADHESIVE, EPDXY, E-Z PAK, 50 
I 
S26.01 
$26.01 
G,AS9277009 
14.71 #2 
EA9394-50G 
ADHESIVE, EPDXY, E-Z PAK, 50 
S26.01 
$26.01 
G,AS9277009 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 68 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809006
--- PAGE 69 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Step: 14.71.1 
Completed ROUTED OUT FIBERGLASS LAYER OF 'C' SHAPE FLOOR BOARD 
PUNCTURES. FILLED PUNCTURE AREA HONEYCOMB CELLS WITH EA9394 
ADHESIVE. WORK PERFORMED IAW GAC SGER-004 53.6 - FLOORBOARD 
REPAIRS. 
Step: 14.71.2 
Completed 
APPLIED TWO PLIES OF FIBERGLASS 116 MIXED WITH EA956 RESIN TO 
REPAIRED PUNCTURE AREAS, AWAITING RESIN TO CURL WORK 
PERFORMED IAW GAC SGER-004 53.6 - FLOORBOARD REPAIRS. 
Discrepancy: 14.72 WHILE INSTALLING R/H ELEVATOR HORN NOTED IB MOST PIVOT BORE TO BE WORN BEYOND 
LIMITS. 
Resolution: ITEM ENTERED IN ERROR. BUSHING REPLACED UNDER 14.63.3 
Discrepancy: 14.73 WHILE CHECKING ELEVATOR BALANCE DUE TO TRIM TAB REPAIR NOTED ELEVATOR IS OUT OF 
BALANCE. IS 30 IN LB TRAILING EDGE HEAVY, LIMITS ARE 0 -10 INLB LEADING EDGE HEAVY. 
Resolution: DETERMINED OVERALL PAINT THICKNESS ON L/H ELEVATOR GREATER THEN THE .005 TOPCOAT 
BALANCE ALLOWANCE NOTED IN GAC DWG 1159E002 
WET SANDED AND BUFFED EXISTING PAINT AS REQUIRED. RE-CHECKED ELEVATOR BALANCE AND 
FOUND TO BE WITHIN ALLOWABLE LIMITS. WORK DONE IAW GAC DWG 1159E002 REV D. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
45.67 
® 
$142.00 
$6,485.14 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.47 
® 
$231.00 
$339.57 
Total USD: 
$6,824.71 
Discrepancy: 14.74 WHILE PERFORMING HYDRAULIC OPERATIONAL CHECKS NOTED HORIZONTAL PRESSURE LINE 
TO 'T BELOW COMBINED ACCUMULATOR (PN 1159H40016-710CTFtP8) TO BE LEAKING AT THE 
FITTING. TIGHTENING MADE IT WORSE. 
Resolution: BLED OFF HYD PRESSURE AND DISCONNECTED LINES TO TEE FITTING BELOW COMBINED 
ACCUMULATOR. REMOVED TEE FITTING P/N MS21912D8. FOUND TEE FITTING TO BE CRACKED. 
REPLACED WITH NEW FITTING P/N MS21912D8. INSTALLED WITH NEW PACKING PIN NAS1612-8A AND 
NEW RETAINER P/N MS28773-08. BOTH RECEIVED FROM BAF GAC STOCK. RECEIVED HYD TEE FITTING 
FROM GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH. REFERENCE PACKING SLIP WITH ENTERPRISE TRANSFER # 000897482 
DATED 06/22/2018. OPS AND LEAK CHECK FOUND GOOD. WORK DONE IAW GIV MM CHAPTER 29-00-00 
AND 20-70-10. ALSO COMPLETED COMBINED/FLIGHT HYDRAULIC SYSTEM RESERVIOR - FILLING 
PROCEDURE 29-01-00. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.67 
® 
$142.00 
$947.14 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$130.30 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 69 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809007
--- PAGE 70 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
$1,077.44 
Ref'. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
14.74 #1 
MS21912D8 
TEE FLARELESS TUBE-BIID ON 
I 
$92.70 
$92.70 
RUN 
14.74 #2 
D 1002IA-08 
ELBOW SWIVEL-PERM TO 
I 
$35.12 
$35.12 
FLARELESS 
14.74 #3 
NASI612-8A 
SEAL 
I 
$0.64 
$0.64 
14.74 #4 
NASI612-8A 
SEAL 
I 
$0.64 
$0.64 
14.74 #5 
MS28773-08 
RETAINER 
$0.60 
$1.20 
Discrepancy: 14.75 WHILE C/W GIV CMP 271017 AILERON ACTUATOR (RIGHT) REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION NOTED 
R/H AILERON NOT CONTACTING LOWER STOP BEFORE CONTROL WHEEL STOP 
Resolution: RQCI 
VERIFIED RIGGING ON R/H LATERAL CONTROL SYSTEM AND RIGGED R/H AILERON LOWER STOP. ALL 
WORK DONE IAW GIV MM 27-02-00. OPS CHECK GOOD. 
Discrepancy: 14.76 WHILE PERFORMING GIV CMP 276030 SPEED BRAKE SYSTEM - RIGGING CHECK FOUND RIH 
INBOARD FLIGHT SPOILER TO BE PULLING DOWN TO HARD ONTO STOPS 
Resolution: RQCI 
SHORTENED FLIGHT SPOILER ACTUATOR INPUT ROD TO ELIMINATE FORCEFUL PULL DOWN OF 
FLIGHT SPOILER. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV MM 27-02-00. OPS CHECK GOOD. 
Item: 15 
MONTH TASKS (GIV SN 1085) 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSNICSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 70 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809008
--- PAGE 71 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Discrepancy: 15.1 
MONTH TASKS 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: 
Labor USD: 
Total USD: 
ACCOMPLISH MISCELLANEOUS 72 MONTH CMP TASKS. (SEE EXHIBIT 2) 
NOTES: 
- CORRECTION OF DISCREPANCIES IS NOT INCLUDED IN THE QUOTED PRICE. 
- MATERIALS/OUTSIDE SERVICES WILL BE AS REQUIRED. 
- PRICING INCLUDES LABOR REQUIRED FOR TOUCH UP PAINT ON AREA AFFECTED BY THE 
WINGLET ATTACH HARDWARE INSPECTION. IN THE EVENT THE CUSTOMER REQUESTS A 
"BLOWN-IN" PAINT FINISH APPLIED, ESTIMATED COST CAN BE $5,000 - $7,000 IN LABOR AND 
MATERIALS AND WILL BE QUOTED THROUGH THE WORK CHANGE REQUEST PROCESS. 
RE: PROPOSAL# 7042687 R00 (GAC0218-2687-GIV-1085-R00)-1.2 
*** LABOR ONLY 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
533.232.00 
533.232.00 
Discrepancy: 15.2 
Resolution: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
ACCOMPLISH THE 72 MONTH SERVICE CMP TASKS BELOW: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
$4,024.90 
$4,024.90 
Ret No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
15.2 #1 
GAS55IB3C I2 
SCREW 
$4.93 
$4.93 
15.2 #2 
GAS55IB3C7 
SCREW 
S0.78 
$2.34 
15.2 #3 
BAF500B4QT 
SKYDROL 500B4 OIL IN QUART 
$33.88 
$67.76 
CANS 
15.2 44 
MS24694549 
SCREW 
S0.23 
$2.30 
15.2 #5 
MS24694-547 
SCREW 
S0.23 
$230 
15.2 #6 
GAS550E3S8 
SCREW-WASHER HEAD,SELF 
$2.02 
$48.48 
LOCKING 
15.2 #7 
NAS1149D0363Il 
WASHER 
S0.23 
$0.46 
15.2 #8 
NASI202-2 
BOLT 
I 
S0.25 
$0.25 
15.2 #9 
MS24694-S50 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
$0.23 
$0.46 
100 DEG, STRL, CROSS RECESSED 
15.2 #10 
MS24694S5I 
SCREW 
S0.23 
$0.46 
15.2 #11 
AS3510-02181C 
SAFETY CABLE KIT (AP) II CABLE 
$27.02 
$108.08 
& I FERRULEI 
15.2 #12 
CIO-218 
WIRE, SAFETY CABLE .032 x 
53.52 
S21.12 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 71 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809009
--- PAGE 72 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Pans: 
Ref'. No. 
Part number: 
WO #: SCI8654 
Description 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
15.2 #13 
44GN011-3OZ 
TOUCHUP KIT,DEFT EPDXY SPRAY 
$54.53 
$54.53 
PRIMER
15.2 #14 
40945 
BONDER, LOCTITE SUPER 409 GEL 
525.05 
$25.05 
15.2 #I5 
1159CSM20203-17 
BOLT (LOW ALLOY) 
5250.00 
$500.00 
15.2 #17 
1159CSM20203-13 
BOLT, LOW ALLOY, VERTICAL FIN 
5204.92 
$409.84 
15.2 #19 
GAN5I I B720 
NUT 
S35.11 
$35.11
15.2 #20 
NASI611-028A 
SEAL 
I 
S1. 
15.2 #21 
61524693552
S24693S52 
SCREW, 100 DEGREE 
S1.25 
50.4525 
$0.90 
COUNTERSINK 
15.2 #22 
M524693529 
SCREW 
50.38 
$0.76 
15.2 #23 
CAIOOOX6OZ 
COMPOUND, 6 OUNCE CORROSION 
$145.95 
$145.95 
INHIBITIVE
15.2 #24 
MS24693S34 
SCREW, COUNTERSINK-100 
$0.22 
$0.44 
DEGREE 
15.2 #25 
MS20002-10 
WASHER 
50.38 
$0.76 
15.2 #26 
CORBAN35 
COMPOUND,CORRISION 
I 
$20.64 
$20.64 
INHIBITOR QUART,I2 OZ
15.2 #27 
MS29513-12I 
PACKING 
50.31 
$1.24
15.2 #28 
61529513-1255 
PACKING 
50.42 
$1.68 
15.2 #29 
MS24694-S50 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
100 DEG, STRL, CROSS RECESSED 
$0.23 
$4.60 
15.2 #30 
15.2 #31 
M524694C6 
MS24694-C25 
SCREW 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT 
50.22 
$ 
$2.20 
$37.08 
COUNTERSUNK HEAD, 100 DEG., 
CROSS RECESSED, UNC-2A AND 
UNF-2A 
15.2 #32 
GAB5IIGA3-5 
BOLT 
$1.84 
$46.00 
15.2 #33 
GAB5IIGA3-4 
BOLT 
I0
$1.87
$18.70 
15.2 #34 
GAB5IIGA3-7 
HI-BOLT 
I 0
$2.07
$20.70 
15.2 #35 
515X333-2OZ 
KIT, TOUCH UP, EPDXY PRIMER, 2 
I 
$29.26 
$29.26 
OZ, GREEN
15.2 #36 
PS870B1-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OZ CARTRIDGE 654 
I 
$60.56 
$60.56 
SEMKIT, 3.5 FL. OZ
15.2 #37 
PR1776B1-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OZ SEM KIT (MEETS 
$69.33 
$138.66 
SPEC ANIS3281 REV E)
15.2 #38 
PRI440B1-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE #654 SEMKIT 
$26.67 
$80.01 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE
15.2 #39 
GAS551B3C11 
SCREW 
52.35 
$4.70 
15.2 #40 
15.2 #41 
61524694548 
MS24694-S52 
SCREW 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
S0.22 
$0.23 
$4.40 
$0.92 
100 DEG, STRL, CROSS RECESSED 
15.2 #42 
AN315-3R 
NUT 
$0.23 
$0.46 
15.2 #43 
CIO-218 
WIRE, SAFETY CABLE .032 x I8" 
53.52 
$14.08 
15.2 #44 
NASI310-56D 
BOLT 
I 
$157.25 
$157.25 
15.2 #45 
S24665-302 
61524665-302
$0.92 
COTTER PIN 
50.23 
15.2 #46 
MS24665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
50.22 
$1.10 
15.2 #47 
II59CM20264-13 
PIN, CRANK ASSY - LAT SYS 
$515.00 
$515.00 
15.2 #48 
220 
LUBRICANT, 12 OUNCE AIR DRY 
I 
$31.56 
$31.56 
SOLID FILM
15.2 #49 
AN320C8 
NUT 
55.64 
$56.40 
15.2 #50 
M524665-302 
COTTER PIN 
$0.23 
$4.14 
15.2 #52 
NAS6605D40X 
BOLT 
I 
$93.82 
$93.82 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliininaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 72 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00809010
--- PAGE 73 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
WO It: SCI8654 
Description 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
15.2 #53 
NAS6605D54X 
BOLT, OVERSIZED 
$174.02 
$174.02 
15.2 #54 
NAS6605D66X 
BOLT 
$240.00 
$240.00 
15.2 #55 
PRI440B1-2-654 
SEALANT,6OZ #654 SEMKIT 
I 
$26.67 
$26.67 
15.2 #56 
MS24665-302 
COTTER PIN 
$0.23 
S1.15 
15.2 #57 
MS24665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.22 
$4.84 
15.2 #58 
NA56608D23 
BOLT 
$16.93 
$16.93 
15.2 #59 
1159CSNI20095-15 
BUSHING 
$90.91 
$181.82 
15.2 #60 
1159CSNI20094-7 
SLEEVE 
I 
$63.64 
$63.64 
15.2 #61 
MSI7825-7 
NUT SELF 
I 
$5.25 
$5.25 
LKG-CASTELLATED,STEEL 
15.2 #62 
AN960D716L 
WASHER FLAT-ALUM,I/64 TIM 
$0.76 
$0.76 
15.2 #63 
MS24665-304 
COTTER PIN 
$0.23 
$0.46 
15.2 #66 
MS24693-C25 
SCREW 
$1.13 
$2.26 
15.2 #68 
MS24693S26 
SCREW,MACHINE,FLAT CNTRSNK 
$0.23 
$0.69 
HD,100 DEG 
15.2 #69 
CI0-218 
WIRE, SAFETY CABLE .032 x 18" 
$3.52 
$14.08 
15.2 #70 
PRI440B1-2-654 
SEALANT,6OZ #654 SEMKIT 
$26.67 
$106.68 
15.2 #71 
PRI440B1-2-654 
SEALANT,6OZ #654 SEMKIT 
$26.67 
$53.34 
15.2 #72 
MS24694-S50 
SCREW,MACHINE,FLAT CTSK 
$0.23 
$736 
FID,100DEG,STRL 
15.2 #73 
MS24665-306 
COTTER PIN 
$0.23 
S0.23 
15.2 #74 
MS24665-372 
COTTER PIN 
$0.23 
50.46 
15.2 #75 
MS24665-I53 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.22 
$0.88 
15.2 #76 
PR1440B1-2-654-6OZ 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE #654 SEMKIT 
i 
$0.00 
50.00 
15.2 #78 
PRI440B1-2-654 
SEALANT,6OZ #654 SEMKIT 
I 
$26.67 
$26.67 
15.2 #79 
NASI580C3T4 
BOLT 
IS 
$0.75 
$11.25 
15.2 #80 
MS20002C4 
WASHER 
$0.23 
$0.46 
15.2 #81 
NA51149F0432P 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL (SAME AS 
50.23 
$0.69 
AN960-416L) 
15.2 #82 
MSI7826-4 
NUT 
$1.60 
$3.20 
15.2 #83 
MS24694-S52 
SCREW,MACHINE,FLAT CTSK 
50.23 
$6.90 
HD,100DEG,STFtL 
15.2 #84 
MS24694S51 
SCREW 
$0.23 
$138 
15.2 #85 
MS24694S7 
SCREW 
$0.23 
$6.90 
15.2 #86 
NAS620CI0L 
WASHER, FLAT, REDUCED OUTSIDE 
50.23 
$0.92 
DIAMETER 
15.2 #87 
NAS620CI0L 
WASHER, FLAT, REDUCED OUTSIDE 
50.23 
$0.92 
DIAMETER 
15.2 #88 
500B4-55GAL 
SKYDROL OIL (55 GAL DRUM) 
$19.77 
$237.24 
15.2 #89 
NASI919B05S03 
RIVET- BLIND, PROTRUDING HEAD 
51.95 
$7.80 
15.2 #90 
NASI919B05-04 
RIVET BLIND-PROTRUDING HEAD 
$4.96 
$4.96 
15.2 #91 
MS24694-S52 
SCREW,MACHINE,FLAT CTSK 
50.23 
$230 
FID,100DEG,STRL 
15.2 #92 
MS24694-S52 
SCREW,MACHINE,FLAT CTSK 
50.23 
$4.60 
FID,100DEG,STRL 
15.2 #93 
NASI581F3T2 
BOLT 
$0.53 
$5.30 
15.2 #94 
MS24665-I53 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.22 
$2.20 
15.2 #95 
CIO-218 
WIRE, SAFETY CABLE .032 x 18" 
$3.52 
$17.60 
15.2 #96 
AN525-10R8 
SCREW 
$0.31 
$2.48 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 73 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809011
--- PAGE 74 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Step: 15.2.1 
Completed 
PERFORMED INITIAL OK TO CLOSE FOR THE FOLLOWING FUEL PANELS, 
531BZ, 54IAB-3, 631BZ, 641AB-3. 
Step: 15.2.2 
Completed 
COMPLETED 1ST INSPECT FOR AN OK TO CLOSE LM WING FUEL PANELS 
2I-FT-2,3 AND 15. 
Discrepancy: 15.3 
CMP GIV 291091 Combined Hydraulic Filter (Main Pressure) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 291091 Combined Hydraulic Filter (Main Pressure) - Inspection 
Billing Method 
flouts 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$152.71
Total USD: 
$152.71 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
153 #1 
AC-B45I F-12 
FILTER ELEMENT 
5152.71 
$152.71 
Discrepancy: 15.4 
CMP GIV 291011 Combined System Manifold Filter and Filter Bowl (Main Pressure) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: REMOVED THE TIME CHANGED MAIN PRESSURE HYDRAULIC FILTER P/N ACB451F12 SIN NSN. 
INSTALLED A NEW MAIN PRESSURE HYDRAULIC FILTER P/N ACB451F12 SIN NSN. RECEIVED FROM PALL 
CORPORATION REFERENCE COC WITH DOCUMENT NUMBER 8000380530 DATED 10/30/2015. WORK DONE 
JAW CMP GIV 291011 COMBINED SYSTEM MANIFOLD FILTER AND FILTER BOWL MAIN PRESSURE 
REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION. REFERENCE ITEM 20.1 STEP 20.1.1 FOR LEAK CHECKS. 
Discrepancy: 15.5 
CMP GIV 291057 Combined / Flight Hydraulic System Reservoir - Filling Procedures 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 15.6 
CMP GIV 291092 Combined Hydraulic Filter (Main Return) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 291092 Combined Hydraulic Filter (Main Return) - Inspection 
Billing Method 
flouts 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$212.16 
Total USD: 
$212.16 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 74 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809012
--- PAGE 75 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Pans: 
Ref'. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
15.6 #1 
AC-B45I F-16 
FILTER ELEMENT 
$212.16 
$212.16 
Discrepancy: 15.7 
CMP GIV 291013 Combined System Manifold Filter and Filter Bowl (Main Return) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: REMOVED THE TIME CHANGED MAIN RETURN HYDRAULIC FILTER WITH P/N ACB451F16 S/N NSN. 
INSTALLED A NEW MAIN RETURN HYDRAULIC FILTER WITH P/N ACB451F16 S/N NSN RECEIVED FROM 
PALL CORPORATION REFERENCE COC WITH DOCUMENT NUMBER 8000380253 DATED 10/30/2015. WORK 
DONE IAW CMP GIV 291013 COMBINED SYSTEM MANIFOLD FILTER AND FILTER BOWL (MAIN RETURN) - 
REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION. REFERENCE ITEM 20.1 STEP 20.1.1 FOR LEAK CHECKS. 
Discrepancy: 15.8 
CMP GIV 291093 Combined Hydraulic Filter (Engine-driven Pump Bypass) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 291093 Combined Hydraulic Filter (Engine-driven Pump Bypass) - Inspection 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$89.53 
Total USD: 
$89.53 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
15.8 #1 
AC-B451F-8 
FILTER ELEMENT 
$89.53 
$89.53 
Discrepancy: 15.9 
CMP GIV 291009 Combined System Manifold Filter and Filter Bowl (Engine-driven Pump Bypass) - Removal / 
Installation 
Resolution: REMOVED THE TIME CHANGED ENGINE DRIVEN PUMP BYPASS HYDRAULIC FILTER PIN ACB451F8 S/N 
NSN. INSTALLED A NEW ENGINE DRIVEN PUMP BYPASS HYDRAULIC FILTER P/N ACB451F8 S/N NSN. 
RECEIVED FROM PALL CORPORATION REFERENCE COC WITH DOCUMENT NUMBER 8001374737 DATED 
12/29/2016. WORK DONE IAW CMP GIV 291009 COMBINED SYSTEM MANIFOLD FILTER AND FILTER BOWL 
ENGINE DRIVEN PUMP BYPASS REMOVAL INSTALLATION. REFERENCE ITEM 20.1 STEP 20.1.1 FOR LEAK 
CHECKS. 
Discrepancy: 15.10 CMP GIV 291094 Flight Hydraulic Filter (Main Pressure) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 291094 Flight Hydraulic Filler (Main Pressure) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 75 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809013
--- PAGE 76 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Billing Method 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
$152.71 
$152.71 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
15.10 #1 
AC-B451F-12 
FILTER ELEMENT 
$152.71 
$152.71 
Discrepancy: 15.11 CMP GIV 291012 Flight System Manifold Filter and Filter Bowl (Main Pressure) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: REMOVED THE TIME CHANGED MAIN PRESSURE HYDRAULIC FILTER P/N ACB451F12 S/N NSN. 
INSTALLED A NEW MAIN PRESSURE HYDRAULIC FILTER P/N ACB451F12 S/N NSN. RECEIVED FROM PALL 
CORPORATION REFERENCE COC WITH DOCUMENT NUMBER 8000380530 DATED 10/30/2015. WORK DONE 
IAW CMP GIV 291012 FLIGHT SYSTEM MANIFOLD FILTER AND FILTER BOWL MAIN PRESSURE REMOVAL 
AND INSTALLATION REFERENCE ITEM 20.1 STEP 20.1.1 FOR LEAK CHECKS. 
Discrepancy: 15.12 CMP GIV 291096 Flight Hydraulic Filter (Main Return) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 291096 Flight Hydraulic Filter (Main Return) - Inspection 
Billing Method 
flouts 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$212.16
Total USD: 
$212.16 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
15.12 #1 
AC-B451F-16 
FILTER ELEMENT 
$212.16 
$212.16 
Discrepancy: 15.13 CMP GIV 291014 Flight System Manifold Filter and Filter Bowl (Main Return) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: REMOVED THE TIME CHANGED MAIN RETURN HYDRAULIC FILTER WITH P/N ACB451F16 S/N NSN. 
INSTALLED A NEW MAIN RETURN HYDRAULIC FILTER WITH P/N ACB451F16 S/N NSN RECEIVED FROM 
PALL CORPORATION REFERENCE COC WITH DOCUMENT NUMBER 8000380253 DATED 10/30/2015. WORK 
DONE IAW CMP GIV 291014 FLIGHT SYSTEM MANIFOLD FILTER AND FILTER BOWL MAIN RETURN 
REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION. REFERENCE ITEM 20.1 STEP 20.1.1 FOR LEAK CHECKS. 
Discrepancy: 15.14 CMP GIV 291097 Flight Hydraulic Filter (Engine-driven Pump Bypass) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 76 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A? 
Reel 
EFTA00809014
--- PAGE 77 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 291097 Flight Hydraulic Filter (Engine-driven Pump Bypass) - Inspection 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$89.53
Total USD: 
$89.53 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
15.14 #1 
AC-B45IF-8 
FILTER ELEMENT 
$89.53 
$89.53 
Discrepancy: 15.15 CMP GIV 291010 Flight System Manifold Filter and Filter Bowl (Engine-driven Pump Bypass) - Removal / 
Installation 
Resolution: REMOVED THE TIME CHANGED ENGINE DRIVEN PUMP BYPASS HYDRAULIC FILTER PIN ACB451F8 S/N 
NSN. INSTALLED A NEW ENGINE DRIVEN PUMP BYPASS HYDRAULIC FILTER P/N ACB451F8 S/N NSN. 
RECEIVED FROM PALL CORPORATION REFERENCE COC WITH DOCUMENT NUMBER 8001374737 DATED 
12/29/2016. WORK DONE IAW CMP GIV CMP GIV 291010 FLIGHT SYSTEM MANIFOLD FILTER AND FILTER 
BOWL ENGINE DRIVEN PUMP BYPASS REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION. REFERENCE ITEM 20.1 STEP 20.1.1 
FOR LEAK CHECKS. 
Discrepancy: 15.16 CMP GIV 292010 Auxiliary Hydraulic Filter (Pressure) - Inspection I Replacement 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 292010 Auxiliary Hydraulic Filter (Pressure) - Inspection / Replacement 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$89.53
Total USD: 
$89.53 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
15.16 #1 
AC-B451F-8 
FILTER ELEMENT 
589.53 
$89.53 
Discrepancy: 15.17 CMP GIV 292026 Auxiliary Hydraulic System Filter Element and Bowl (Pressure) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 292026 Auxiliary Hydraulic System Filter Element and Bowl (Pressure) - Removal / 
Installation 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 77 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Rent 
EFTA00809015
--- PAGE 78 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO tt: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 15.18 CMP GIV 292012 Auxiliary Hydraulic Filter (Return) - Inspection / Replacement 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 292012 Auxiliary Hydraulic Filter (Return) - Inspection / Replacement 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$89.53 
Total USD: 
$89.53 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
15.18 #1 
AC-B451F-8 
FILTER ELEMENT 
$89.53 
$89.53 
Discrepancy: 15.19 CMP GIV 292027 Auxiliary Hydraulic System Filter Element and Bowl (Return) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: REMOVED THE TIME CHANGED AUXILIARY HYDRAULIC RETURN FILTER P/N ACB45IF8 S/N NSN. 
INSTALLED A NEW AUXILIARY HYDRAULIC RETURN FILTER P/N ACB451F8 S/N NSN. RECEIVED FROM 
PALL CORPORATION REFERENCE COC WITH DOCUMENT NUMBER 8001374737 DATED 12/29/2016. WORK 
DONE IAW CMP GIV 292027 AUXILIARY HYDRAULIC SYSTEM FILTER ELEMENT AND BOWL (RETURN) - 
REMOVAL/ INSTALLATION REFERENCE ITEM 20.1 STEP 20.1.1 FOR LEAK CHECKS. 
Discrepancy: 15.20 CMP GIV 351021 Crew Oxygen Mask / Regulator (Pilot) - Overhaul 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.21 CMP GIV 351005 Crew Oxygen System (Pilot) - Operational Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.22 CMP GIV 351022 Crew Oxygen Mask / Regulator (Copilot) - Overhaul 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 78 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809016
--- PAGE 79 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 15.23 CMP GIV 351006 Crew Oxygen System (Co-Pilot) - Operational Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.24 CMP GIV 351023 Crew Oxygen Mask / Regulator (Observer) - Overhaul 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.25 CMP GIV 351007 Crew Oxygen System (Jumpseat) - Operational Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.26 CMP GIV 510075 Composite Components - Visual / NDT Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 510075 Composite Components - Visual / NDT Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.27 CMP GIV 510405 Wing To Fuselage Attachments (Left) - Radiographic Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 510405 Wing To Fuselage Attachments (Left) - Radiographic Inspection 
Step: 15.27.1 
Completed PERFORMED X-RAY INSPECTION TO CHECK FOR FAYING SURFACES OF 
REAR BEAM WEB I CAP ANGLES AND ATTACH FITTING FORWARD 
VERTICAL FLANGES (AREA COVERED BY ATTACH FITTINGS: LEFT AND 
RIGHT - FS 452, BL 33).. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
CMP GIV 510405 PROCEDURE B FIGURE 2 AND GULFSTREAM GIV 
NONDESTRUCTIVE TESTING PROCEDURES MANUAL, PART II, PROCEDURE 
NO. 57-00-011. WING TO FUSELAGE ATTACHMENT- RADIOGRAPHIC 
INSPECTION. NO DEFECTS NOTED AND RADIOGRAPH PROVIDED TO 
ENGINEERING. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 79 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809017
--- PAGE 80 ---
Bill To: JEGE LW 
WO #: SC1865.1 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 15.28 CMP GIV 280010 Deluding Procedures 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 280010 Deluding Procedures 
Discrepancy: 15.29 CMP GIV 280018 Fuel Tank (Left) - Leak Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 280018 Fuel Tank (Left) - Leak Check 
Discrepancy: 15.30 CMP GIV 282015 Fuel Boost Pump (Left Main) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: N/A ALTERNATE (OB) BOOST PUMP IS REMOVED FOR WING LINK INSPECTION 
Discrepancy: 15.31 CMP GIV 282038 Fuel Pump Auto Change - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 15.32 CMP GIV 510410 Wing To Fuselage Attachments (Right) - Radiographic Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 510410 Wing To Fuselage Attachments (Right) - Radiographic Inspection 
Step: 15.32.1 
Completed PERFORMED X-RAY INSPECTION TO CHECK FOR RAYING SURFACES OF 
REAR BEAM WEB I CAP ANGLES AND ATTACH FITTING FORWARD 
VERTICAL FLANGES (AREA COVERED BY ATTACH FITTINGS: LEFT AND 
RIGHT - FS 452, BL 33).. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
CMP GIV 510410 PROCEDURE B FIGURE 2 AND GULFSTREAM GIV 
NONDESTRUCTIVE TESTING PROCEDURES MANUAL, PART II, PROCEDURE 
NO. 57-00-011. WING TO FUSELAGE ATTACHMENT- RADIOGRAPHIC 
INSPECTION. NO DEFECTS NOTED AND RADIOGRAPH PROVIDED TO 
ENGINEERING. 
Discrepancy: 15.33 CMP GIV 280019 Fuel Tank (Right) - Leak Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 280019 Fuel Tank (Right) - Leak Check 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 80 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00809018
--- PAGE 81 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 15.34 CMP GIV 282016 Fuel Boost Pump (Right Main) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: N/A ALTERNATE (OB) BOOST PUMP IS REMOVED FOR WING LINK INSPECTION 
Discrepancy: 15.35 CMP GIV 537010 Aft Wing / Fuselage Fairing (Left) Corrosion - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 537010 Aft Wing / Fuselage Fairing (Left) Corrosion - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.36 CMP GIV 537011 Aft Wing/ Fuselage Fairing (Right) Corrosion - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 537011 Aft Wing / Fuselage Fairing (Right) Corrosion - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.37 CMP GIV 539472 Aft Pressure Bulkhead - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 539472 Aft Pressure Bulkhead - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.38 CMP GIV 539505 Below Emergency Window (Left No. I) Corrosion - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.39 CMP GIV 562007 Emergency Exit and Cabin Windows - Leak Check 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 81 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00809019
--- PAGE 82 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 15.40 CMP GIV 562050 Emergency Window (Left No. I) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.41 CMP GIV 539506 Below Emergency Window (Left No. 2) Corrosion - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.42 CMP GIV 562051 Emergency Window (Left No. 2) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.43 CMP GIV 539507 Below Emergency Window (Right No. 1) Corrosion - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.44 CMP GIV 562052 Emergency Window (Right No. 1) - Removal i Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.45 CMP GIV 539508 Below Emergency Window (Right No. 2) Corrosion - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 82 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A? 
Reel 
EFTA00809020
--- PAGE 83 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 15.46 CMP GIV 562053 Emergency Window (Right No. 2) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER DOESN'T WANT THIS CODE COMPLIED WITH NOW 
Discrepancy: 15.47 CMP GIV 552025 Elevator Leading Edge and Ballast Weight (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIN' 552025 Elevator Leading Edge and Ballast Weight (Left) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.48 CMP GIV 552026 Elevator Leading Edge and Ballast Weight (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 552026 Elevator Leading Edge and Ballast Weight (Right) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.49 CMP GIV 553010 Vertical Stabilizer Attach Fitting - Alternative Inspection 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED 2 OLD AFT VERTICAL STABILIZER ATTACH HARDWARE WITH P/N 1159CSM20203-13. NSN. 
REPLACED WITH 2 NEW AFT VERTICAL STABILIZER ATTACH HARDWARE WITH P/N 1159CSM20203-13. 
NSN. ALL PARTS RECEIVED FROM GAC BAF STOCK. 
REMOVED 2 OLD FWD VERTICAL STABILIZER ATTACH HARDWARE WITH P/N 1159CSM20203-17. NSN. 
REPLACED WITH 2 NEW FWD VERTICAL STABILIZER ATTACH HARDWARE WITH P/N 1159CSM20203-17. 
NSN. REFERENCE PACKING SLIUP WITH SHIPMENT NUMBER MESG#18-10882 DATED 05/30/2018. FROM 
GAC SAVANNAH. 
ALL WORK DONE JAW WITH CMP GIV 553010 VERTICAL STABILIZER ATTACH FITTING - ALTERNATIVE 
INSPECTION 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelintinaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 83 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00809021
--- PAGE 84 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 15.50 
( 'M P 
275001 Wing Flap Stabilizer - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 15.51 CMP GIV 275013 Emergency Flap System - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 15.52 CMP GIV 571033 Wing Sponson Rib (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 571033 Wing Sponson Rib (Left) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.53 CMP GIV 571034 Wing Sponson Rib (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIN' 571034 Wing Sponson Rib (Right) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.54 CMP GIV 572001 Wing Wedge (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIN' 572001 Wing Wedge (Left) - Inspection 
Step: 15.54.1 
Completed 
PERFORMED EDDY CURRENT INSPECTION PER GIV 572001 WING WEDGE 
LEFT WITH NO DEFECTS NOTED. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDQANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 3.0 EDDY CURRENT REVISION 7-
SEPTEMBER 16TH. 2015. 
Discrepancy: 15.55 CMP GIV 572002 Wing Wedge (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIN' 572002 Wing Wedge (Right) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 84 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809022
--- PAGE 85 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Step: 15.55.1 
Completed 
PERFORMED EDDY CURRENT INSPECTION PER GIV 572002 WING WEDGE 
RIGHT WITH NO DEFECTS NOTED. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDQANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 3.0 EDDY CURRENT REVISION 7-
SEPTEMBER 16TH, 2015. 
Discrepancy: 15.56 CMP GIV 573013 Winglet Attach Hardware (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 573013 Winglet Attach Hardware (Left) - Inspection 
Step: 15.56.1 
Completed 
PERFORMED EDDY CURRENT INSPECTION PER CMP GIV 573013 WINGLET 
ATTACH HARDWARE (LEFT) - INSPECTION AND GULFSTREAM PRODUCT 
SUPPORT NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 
3.0 EDDY CURRENT REVISION 7- SEPTEMBER 16TH, 2015.. NO DEFECTS 
NOTED. 
Discrepancy: 15.57 CMP GIV 573014 Winglet Attach Hardware (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 573014 Winglet Attach Hardware (Right) - Inspection 
Step: 15.57.1 
Completed 
PERFORMED EDDY CURRENT INSPECTION PER CMP GIV 573014 WINGLET 
ATTACH HARDWARE (RIGHT) - INSPECTION AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES 
MANUAL 3.0 EDDY CURRENT REVISION 7- SEPTEMBER 16TH, 2015.NO 
DEFECTS NOTED. 
Discrepancy: 15.58 CMP GIV 783007 Engine Thrust Reverser Hot Short To Ground (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 783007 Engine Thrust Reverser Hot Short To Ground (Left) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.59 CMP GIV 346025 FMS CDU No. 1- Removal / Installation 
Resolution: REMOVED FMS CDU NO. 1, P/N 7007549-902 S/N 87010183. REINSTALLED A SERVICEABLE FMS CDU NO. 1, 
P17007549-902 S/N 87010183. ALL WORK DONE IN ACCORDANCE WITH CMP CODE 340200. 
Discrepancy: 15.60 CMP GIV 349800 Flight Management System No. 1 - Operational Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 349800 Flight Management System No. 1 - Operational Check 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 85 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809023
--- PAGE 86 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 15.61 CMP GIV 783008 Engine Thrust Reverser Hot Short To Ground (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 783008 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER HOT SHORT TO GROUND (RIGHT) -
INSPECTION, CHECKED GOOD AT THIS TIME. 
Item: 16 
MONTH TASKS DISCREPANCIES 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
ParVModel #: 
AC Serial NolTail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 16.1 
WHILE C/W CMP 783008 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER HOT SHORT TO GROUND (RIGHT) -
INSPECTION FOUND R/H TR SWITCH (S10) PINS J TO I TO HAVE HIGH RESISTANCE (>200 OHM) 
Resolution: RECHECKED R/H T/R SWITCH (S10) CONTINUITY RESISTANCE AT PIN J* AND I* WHILE T/R IN STOW 
POSITION FOUND GOOD (5 OHMS). CYCLED IT MANY TIMES FOUND GOOD AT THIS TIME. WORK DONE 
JAW GIV A.M.M. 3141-00 - T/R CONTROL SWITCH ADJUSTMENT/TEST, PAGE 510. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.75 
@ 
$142.00 
$390.50 
Total USD: 
$390.50 
Discrepancy: 16.2 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 572001 WING WEDGE (LEFT) - INSPECTION NOTED BUBBLING PAINT / 
CORROSION AT THE WINGLET TO WING, LOWER SKIN SEAM. 
Resolution: REMOVED CORROSION FROM NOTED AREAS AT MI LOWER WINGLET TO WING SKIN SEAM. 
PERFORMED THICKNESS CHECKS AND EVALUATED BY ENGINEERING, FOUND TO BE STRUCTURALLY 
ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED SERVICE. PEENED WING PLANK WHERE REWORKED, APPLIED 
ALODINE, PRIMERED, AND TOPCOATED AS REQUIRED. REF STEPS FOR FURTHER DETAILS. WORK DONE 
IAW ENGINEERING DISPOSITION SC18654.16.2.4 AND GIV SRM 51-13-20, 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.27 
@ 
$142.00 
$748.34 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.47 
@ 
$231.00 
$570.57 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$29.26 
Total USD: 
$1,348.17 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelintinarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 86 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809024
--- PAGE 87 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO it: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
16.2 #1 
515X333-2OZ 
KIT, TOUCH UP, EPDXY PRIMER, 2 
$29.26 
829.26 
OZ, GREEN 
Step: 16.2.1 
Completed 
REMOVED BUBBLING PAINT TO FIND HEAVY PITTED CORROSION, 
REMOVED PITTED CORROSION BY MECHANICAL MEANS IAW GIV SRM 
51-13-20 
Step: 16.2.2 
Completed 
PERFORMED ULTRASONIC THICKNESS MEASUREMEXTSS PER 
MAINTENANCE REQUEST AFTER MAINTENANCE REMOVED HEAVY PITTED 
CORROSION BY MECHANICAL MEANS FROM Lli WING AREA AND 
FUSELAGE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-20.INSPECTION PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 2.0 ULTRASONIC REVISION 7 - 
SEPTEMBER 16TH, 2015. 
Step: 16.2.3 
Completed 
REQUEST ENGINEERING EVALUATION OF REMAINING SKIN THICKNESS 
WHERE REWORKED. 
Step: 16.2.4 
Completed 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
GAC CLASSIFIES THIS AS A MINOR REPAIR. 
THE REMAINING POST BLEND THICKNESSES FOLLOWING CORROSION 
BLENDING ON THE 1159W30701 WINGLET ASSY, 1I59WM40001, AND 
1159WM40002 LOWER WING SKINS HAVE BEEN ANALYZED AND FOUND TO 
BE STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE. 
ENSURE A 20:1 (WIDTH TO DEPTH) BLEND RATIO AND A I25RA SURFACE 
FINISH OR SMOOTHER WAS MAINTAINED WHILE BLENDING. IF 
ADDITIONAL BLENDING IS REQUIRED TO OBTAIN TILE BLEND RATIO OR 
SURFACE FINISH DO NOT DEEPEN THE BLENDED AREAS. 
INSPECT THE FASTENER HEADS IN THE AREAS OF CORROSION REMOVAL 
IF NO IDENTIFICATION MARKINGS ARE VISIBLE ON THE HEAD, REMOVE 
AND REPLACE FASTENER. 
PERFORM ROTO PEENING ON ALL REWORKED WING PLANKS SKINS PER 
CAMPS 2102 REQUIREMENTS; INTENSITY TO BE 0.002A TO 0.004A. 
TOUCH UP REWORKED BARE METAL WITH FINISH #213 (ALODINE PER 
CAMPS 6113), #3012 (EPDXY PRIMER PER GAMPS 3116), AND CUSTOMER 
TOPCOAT TO MATCH PER CAMPS 4000. 
Step: 16.2.5 
Completed 
INSPECTED REWORK AREA AND NOTED NO FASTENERS WITH MISSING 
HEAD MARKINGS. 
PERFORMED ROTO PEENING ON ALL REWORKED WING PLANKS SKINS 
PER CAMPS 2102 REQUIREMENTS. ALLMAN GAUGE ID # 1452Z00 DUE MAY 
2019. 
TOUCHED UP REWORKED BARE METAL WITH FINISH #213 (ALODINE PER 
CAMPS 6113)AND #3012 (EPDXY PRIMER PER CAMPS 3116) 
Discrepancy: 16.3 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 57200R WING WEDGE (RIGHT) - INSPECTION NOTED BUBBLING PAINT/ 
CORROSION AT THE WINGLET TO WING, LOWER SKIN SEAM. 
Resolution: REMOVED CORROSION FROM NOTED AREAS AT R/H LOWER WINGLET TO WING SKIN SEAM. 
PERFORMED THICKNESS CHECKS AND EVALUATED BY ENGINEERING, FOUND TO BE STRUCTURALLY 
ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED SERVICE. PEENED WING PLANK WHERE REWORKED, APPLIED 
ALODINE, PRIMERED, AND TOPCOATED AS REQUIRED. REF STEPS FOR FURTHER DETAILS. WORK DONE 
IAW ENGINEERING DISPOSITION SC18654.16.3.4 AND GIV SRM 51-13-20, 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 87 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809025
--- PAGE 88 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO ti: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
530 
@ 
$142.00 
$752.60 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.48 
@ 
$231.00 
$572.88 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
556.51 
Total USD: 
$1,381.99 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
163 #1 
PR1440B1-2DAB-KIT 
SEALANT, 50 GRAM KIT (CUP & 
$27.25 
$27.25 
SYRINGE) 
163 #2 
515X333-2OZ 
KIT, TOUCH UP, EPDXY PRIMER, 2 
$29.26 
$29.26 
OZ, GREEN 
Step: 163.1 
Completed 
REMOVED BUBBLING PAINT TO FIND HEAVY PITTED CORROSION, 
REMOVED PITTED CORROSION BY MECHANICAL MEANS IAW GIV SRM 
5I-I3-20. 
Step: 163.2 
Completed 
PERFORMED ULTRASONIC THICKNESS MEASUREMENTSS PER 
MAINTENANCE REQUEST AFTER MAINTENANCE REMOVED HEAVY PITTED 
CORROSION BY MECHANICAL MEANS FROM RH WING AREA AND 
FUSELAGE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-20.INSPECTION PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 2.0 ULTRASONIC REVISION 7 - 
SEPTEMBER 16TH, 2015. 
Step: 16.3.3 
Completed 
REQUEST ENGINEERING EVALUATION OF REMAINING SKIN THICKNESS 
WHERE REWORKED. 
Step: 16.3.4 
Completed 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
Step: 163.5 
GAC CLASSIFIES THIS AS A MINOR REPAIR. 
THE REMAINING POST BLEND THICKNESSES FOLLOWING CORROSION 
BLENDING ON THE 1159W30701 WINGLET ASSY, 1159W11140001, AND 
1159WM40002 LOWER WING SKINS HAVE BEEN ANALYZED AND FOUND TO 
BE STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE. 
ENSURE A 20:1 (WIDTH TO DEPTH) BLEND RATIO AND A 125RA SURFACE 
FINISH OR SMOOTHER WAS MAINTAINED WHILE BLENDING. IF 
ADDITIONAL BLENDING IS REQUIRED TO OBTAIN TILE BLEND RATIO OR 
SURFACE FINISH DO NOT DEEPEN THE BLENDED AREAS. 
INSPECT THE FASTENER HEADS IN THE AREAS OF CORROSION REMOVAL 
IF NO IDENTIFICATION MARKINGS ARE VISIBLE ON THE HEAD, REMOVE 
AND REPLACE FASTENER. 
PERFORM ROTO PEENING ON ALL REWORKED WING PLANKS SKINS PER 
CAMPS 2102 REQUIREMENTS; INTENSITY TO BE 0.002A TO 0.004A. 
TOUCH UP REWORKED BARE METAL WITII FINISH #213 (ALODINE PER 
CAMPS 6113), #3012 (EPDXY PRIMER PER GAMPS 3116), AND CUSTOMER 
TOPCOAT TO MATCII PER GAMPS 4000. 
Completed 
INSPECTED REWORK AREA AND NOTED NO FASTENERS WITH MISSING 
HEAD MARKINGS. 
PERFORMED ROTO PEENING ON ALL REWORKED WING PLANKS SKINS 
PER CAMPS 2102 REQUIREMENTS. ALLMAN GAUGE ID # 1452Z00 DUE MAY 
2019. 
TOUCHED UP REWORKED BARE METAL WITH FINISH #213 (ALODINE PER 
GAMPS 6113)AND #3012 (EPDXY PRIMER PER CAMPS 3116) 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 88 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Ref: 
EFTA00809026
--- PAGE 89 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 16.4 
WHILE C/W CMP 572001 LEFT WING WEDGE REMOVAL FOUND SPINNING RIVNUTS (6 EA) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH GAC BP SE05803901 TO GAIN ACCESSS TO SPINNING RIVNUT. REMOVED 1 RIVNUT P/N 
GAN512B3-166 AND INSTALLED 1 NEW RIVNUT WET PIN GAN5I2Et3-166. RECEIVED RIVNUTS FROM GAC 
STOCK. WORK DONE IAW GIV DWG 1159W40166 REV D AND SE05803901 REV B. REMOVED 5 SPINNING 
RIVNUTS P/N GAN512B3-166 AND INSTALLED 5 NEW RIVNUTS WET P/N GAN512B3-166. RECEIVED 
RIVNUTS FROM GAC STOCK. WORK DONE IAW GIV DWG 1159W40166 REV D. 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
9.54 
@ 
$142.00 
$1,354.68 
Time and Material 
Pan number: 
$178.26 
$1,532.94 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
BLIND NUT 
COLLAR 
COLLAR 
COLLAR 
16.4 #1 
16.4 #2 
16.4 #3 
16.4 #4 
Step: 16.4.1 
Step: 16.4.2 
Step: 16.4.3 
GAN512B3-166 
GAN512B3-116 
GAN512B3-116 
GAN512B3-116 
Completed 
Completed 
Completed 
Extended USD 
53.55 
$15.56 
I 
$15.56 
$15.56 
REMOVED S SPINNING RIVNUTS P/N GAN512B3-166 AND INSTALLED 5 NEW 
RIVNUTS WET PIN GAN5I2B3-166. RECEIVED RIVNUTS FROM GAC STOCK. 
WORK DONE IAW GIV DWG 1159W40166 REV D. 
COMPLIED WITH GAC BP SE05803901 TO GAIN ACCESSS TO SPINNING 
RIVNUT. REMOVED 1 RIVNUT P/N GAN5I2B3-166 AND INSTALLED 1 NEW 
RIVNUT WET PIN GAN512,33-166. RECEIVED RIVNUTS FROM GAC STOCK. 
WORK DONE IAW GIV DWG 1159W40166 REV D AND SE05803901 REV B. 
PERFORMED PRELIMINARY INSPECTION IN FUEL PANELAREAS 22FT-2, 
22FT-3 AND 22FT-1S. 
$7.10 
$31.12 
$15.56 
$124.48 
Discrepancy: 16.5 
WHILE VW 572002 RIGHT WING WEDGE REMOVAL FOUND SPINNING RIVNUTS (6 EA) 
Resolution: REMOVED 6 SPINNING RIVNUTS P/N GAN5I2B3-166 AND INSTALLED 6 NEW RIVNUTS WET PIN 
GAN512B3-166. RECEIVED RIVNUTS FROM GAC STOCK. 
REMOVED 1 SPINNING RIVNUTS P/N GAN512B3-366 AND INSTALLED 1 NEW RIVNUT WET P/N 
GAN512B3-166. RECEIVED RIVNUT FROM GAC STOCK 
WORK DONE IAW GIV DWG 1159W40166 REV D. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.98 
@ 
$142.00 
$707.16 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$126.76
Total USD: 
$833.92 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
16.5 #1 
GAN512B3-166 
BLIND NUT 
$3.55 
16.5 #2 
GAN512B3-116 
COLLAR 
S15.56 
16.5 #3 
GAN512B3-366 
COLLAR 
S14.29 
16.5 #4 
GAN51263-116 
COLLAR 
S15.56 
16.5 #5 
GAN512B3-116 
COLLAR 
S15.56 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
$3.55 
$46.68 
$14.29 
$31.12 
$31.12 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 89 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11.41 
Reel 
EFTA00809027
--- PAGE 90 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 16.6 
WHILE C/W CMP CODE 573013 LEFT WINGLET ATTACH HARDWARE INSPECTION FOUND LJH 
WINGLET ATTACH FITTING VERTICAL HOLE 1 OUTBD AND 3 OUTBD, HORIZONTAL HOLE LOWER 
HAVE TOOLING / CHATTER MARKS IN THE HOLE BORES. 
Resolution: NOTED TOOLING MARKS DEEMED INSIGNIFICANT IN NATURE AND WELL WITHIN SURFACE 
ROUGHNESS CRITERIA: 125 RMS AS PER GAC BP 1159WM40700. NOTED AREAS ABSENT HIGH METAL 
AND NO INTERFERENCE WITH ATTACH HARDWARE. CLEANED AND PRIMED ALL BARE AREAS AS 
REQUIRED. ALL WORK IAW G IV SRM 51-11-00. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.71 
® 
$142.00 
$242.82 
Total USD: 
$242.82 
Discrepancy: 16.7 
WHILE C/W CMP CODE 573013 LEFT WINGLET ATTACH HARDWARE INSPECTION FOUND LJH 
WINGLET ATTACH FITTING VERTICAL HOLE 2 OUTBOARD, 1, 2, 3 INBOARD, AND HORIZONTAL 
HOLE 1 LOWER HAVE CORROSION IN THE HOLE BORES. 
Resolution: CLEANED BORES OF ALL IMPERFECTIONS BY HAND WITH SCOTCH BRITE. NO MEASURABLE MATERIAL 
LOSS NOTED. CONFIRMED NO CORROSION PRESENT DURING FOLLOWING NDT INSPECTION. NO 
FURTHER DEFECTS NOTED. ALL WORK IAW G IV SRM 51-13-21. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.55 
® 
$142.00 
$220.10 
Total USD: 
$220.10 
Discrepancy: 16.8 
WHILE C/W CMP CODE 573014 RIGHT WINGLET ATTACH HARDWARE INSPECTION FOUND R/H 
WINGLET ATTACH FILLING VERTICAL HOLE 1, 3 OUTBOARD, 2, 3 INBOARD, AND HORIZONTAL 
HOLE 3, 5 LOWER, 4 UPPER HAVE CORROSION IN THE HOLE BORES. 
Resolution: CLEANED BORES OF ALL IMPERFECTIONS BY HAND WITH SCOTCH BRITE. NO MEASURABLE MATERIAL 
LOSS NOTED. CONFIRMED NO CORROSION PRESENT DURING FOLLOWING NDT INSPECTION. NO 
FURTHER DEFECTS NOTED. ALL WORK IAW G IV SRM 51-13-21. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.47 
® 
$142.00 
$208.74 
Total USD: 
$208.74 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 90 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11.41 
Reel 
EFTA00809028
--- PAGE 91 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 16.9 
WHILE CM CMP GIV 572001 WING WEDGE (LEFT) - INSPECTION NOTED SURFACE CORROSION ON 
TOP AFT OB SCREW LINE OF THE WING WEDGE. 
Resolution: REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION WITH SCOTCH BRITE. CLEANED ALODINED, PRIMED AND TOP 
COATED AFFECTED AREAS. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-20 AND 51-07-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.10 
@ 
$142.00 
$298.20 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$104.32 
Total USD: 
$402.52 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
16.9#1 
GAS55 I B3C7 
SCREW 
S0.78 
$5.46 
16.9 #2 
GAS550E3S8 
SCREW-WASHER HEAD,SELF 
$2.02 
S2.02 
LOCKING 
16.9 #3 
GAS55IB3Cl2 
SCREW 
$4.93 
$9.86 
16.9#4 
NAS583-I6 
BOLT 
$13.60 
$27.20 
16.9 #5 
NAS583-14 
BOLT 
S29.89 
$59.78 
Step: 16.9.1 
Completed REMOVED CORROSION WITH SCOTCH BRITE. CLEANED ALODINED AND 
PRIMED AFFECTED AREA& ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-20 AND 
51-07-10. 
Discrepancy: 16.10 DURING INSPECTION OF RH SPEED BRAKE SECTOR TO GROUND SPOILER CONTROL ROD NOTED 
OB ROD END SEAL FAILURE ON ROD END BEARING. 
Resolution: USED CONTROL ROD END FIXTURE TO MEASURE ORIGINAL LENGTH OF CONTROL ROD BEFORE 
REMOVAL OF FAILED OB ROD END. REMOVED FAILED OB ROD END WITH PART NUMBER MS21151-8. 
NSN. REPLACED WITH NEW OB ROD END WITH PART NUMBER MS21151-8. NSN. CONTROL ROD 
ASSEMBLED TO ORIGINAL LENGTH PRIOR TO REMOVAL. 
ALL WORK DONE IAW 1159C20260 REV E. 
ALL PARTS RECEIVED FROM GAC BAF STOCK. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.08 
@ 
$142.00 
$295.36 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$89.07
Total USD: 
$384.43 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
16.10 #1 
MS2I151-8 
BEARING, ROD END, DBL ROW, 235 
I 
$89.07 
$89.07 
IN L 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 91 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809029
--- PAGE 92 ---
Bill To: JEGE LW 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Item: 17 
ANTENNA INTERFACE INSPECTION (GIV-SP SN 1085) 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
Part/Model 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 17.1 
ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION 
Resolution: 
ACCOMPLISH THE ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION (CMP TASK 539516). 
NOTES: 
- REMOVAL OF ALL PRODUCTION AND OUTFITTING INSTALLED ANTENNAS, PENETRATIONS OF 
FUSELAGE SKIN, EXTERNAL SKIN DOUBLERS (EXCEPT AS NOTED BELOW) TO PERFORM THE 
INSPECTION AS WELL AS ANY REQUIRED FOLLOW ON CHECKS ARE INCLUDED IN THE QUOTED 
AMOUNT. 
- ANTICIPATED INTERIOR ACCESS TO COMPLETE THIS INSPECTION IS INCLUDED, HOWEVER 
ADDITIONAL CHARGES MAY BE INCURRED BASED ON NON-GULFSTREAM INSTALLED INTERIORS 
OR SPECIFIC AIRCRAFT INTERIOR CONFIGURATIONS WHICH WOULD REQUIRE REMOVAL OF 
GALLEYS, LAVATORIES, BULKHEADS, CLOSETS, DOORS AND ACOUSTICAL LINER PANELS. UPON 
AIRCRAFT ARRIVAL AND EVALUATION AN 
ESTIMATE WILL BE PRESENTED FOR APPROVAL IF ADDITIONAL ACCESS IS DEEMED TO BE 
REQUIRED. 
- EXTERNAL SKIN DOUBLERS, ADAPTER OR CONTOUR PLATES THAT ARE RIVETED ON THE 
AIRCRAFT SKIN (OR OTHER MEANS OF PERMANENT ATTACHMENT) ARE NOT INCLUDED IN THE 
QUOTED PRICE AND WILL BE WORKED ON A TIME AND MATERIALS BASIS. 
- SATCOM ANTENNAS MOUNTED ON THE AIRCRAFT FUSELAGE, ANTENNA PODS, 
NON-OPERATIONAL EQUIPMENT, OR BLANKING PLATES FROM REMOVED ANTENNAS AND ANY 
NON-GULFSTREAM INSTALLED EQUIPMENT ARE NOT INCLUDED IN THE QUOTED AMOUNT. 
- SOME AIRCRAFT AND INSTALLATIONS MAY REQUIRE "POLYURETHANE SELF-LEVELING 
ANTENNA GASKETS" TO BE INSTALLED BETWEEN THE ANTENNA FACE AND THE AIRCRAFT 
EXTERNAL SKIN. FOR BUDGETARY AND PLANNING PURPOSES, ESTIMATED COST FOR 
REPLACEMENT GASKETS FOR A STANDARD EQUIPPED AIRCRAFT IS S9,000. 
- ANY LABOR OR MATERIALS REQUIRED FOR CLEARING OF DISCREPANCIES IS NOT INCLUDED 
IN THE QUOTED AMOUNT. 
RE: PROPOSAL# 7042687 ROO (GACO218-2687-GIV-1085-R00)-1.3 
*** LABOR ONLY 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
S19,500.00 
Total USD: 
S19,500.00 
Discrepancy: 17.2 
ACCOMPLISH THE ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION CMP CODES BELOW: 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 92 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809030
--- PAGE 93 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Billing Method 
WO It: SC18654 
Hours 
Rate 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
52.01151 
Total USD: 
52.01351 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
17.2 #1 
PRI440B1-2-654 
SEALANT,6OZ #654 SEMKIT 
$26.67 
$26.67 
17.2 #2 
IIL19PB5-5 
111-1OK 
$1.64 
$16.40 
17.2 #3 
IILI9PB5-3 
111-1OK 
S3.91 
$39.10 
17.2 #4 
NASI581C3T4 
SCREW 
$0.60 
$6.00 
17.2 #5 
IIT3326-5FR-50 
SEALANT, SELF-LEVELING GREEN, 
$77.62 
$232.86 
FLAME RETARDANT 
17.2 #6 
PR1440B1-2-654 
SEALANT,6OZ #654 SEMKIT 
$26.67 
$213.36 
17.2 #7 
06408 
TAPE, 3M 1/2 INCH BLUE VINYL 
I0 
$16.29 
$162.90 
17.2 #8 
C1420-I 
XM ANTENNA ( COMANT/DAC ) 
$1,056.73 
$1,056.73 
17.2 #9 
NASII49D031611 
WASHER 
$0.23 
S3.91 
17.2 #10 
PR1422B2-654 
SEALANT, 3.5 OUNCE SEMKIT 
$51.71 
$103.42 
17.2 #11 
II59SCF457-15 
VINYL DOTS, SCREW HEAD RECESS 
$0.45 
$22.50 
COVER 
17.2 #12 
PRI440B1-2-654 
SEALANT,6OZ #654 SEMKIT 
$26.67 
$53.34 
17.2 #13 
1159SCF457-1I 
VINYL DOTS, SCREW HEAD RECESS 
$0.45 
$22.50 
COVER 
17.2 #14 
I159SCF457-13 
VINYL DOTS,SCREW HEAD RECESS 
$0.45 
$22.50 
COVER 
17.2 #15 
515X333-2OZ 
KIT, TOUCH UP, EPDXY PRIMER, 2 
I 
$29.26 
$29.26 
OZ, GREEN 
17.2 #16 
NASI149F0432P 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL (SAME AS 
$0.23 
S0.46 
AN960-4161) 
17.2 #17 
MSI7826-4 
NUT 
I 
$1.60 
S1.60 
17.2 #18 
NA56604D45 
BOLT, DRILLED SHANK 
$0.00 
S0.00 
Discrepancy: 17.3 
CMP G1V 539516 Antenna Interface - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 539516 Antenna Interface - Inspection 
Step: 173.1 
Completed 
ACCOMPLISHED ANTENNA INSPECTION AND SKIN SURFACE INSPECTION 
EXCEPT UNDER UPPER TCAS ANTENNA DOUBLE IAW CMP GIV 539516 
ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION. 
Discrepancy: 17.4 
CMP GIV 231015 VHF COMM SYS- OPS CHECK 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 231015 VHF COMM SYS- OPS CHECK 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 93 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809031
--- PAGE 94 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 17.5 
CMP GIV 231035 ANTENNA, VHF COMM (TOP FWD) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 231035 ANTENNA, VHF COMM (TOP FWD) 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77 IV 
S/N: 22870351 
DATE CAL: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
MILLI OHM METER I.D. 1560G00, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.6 
CMP GIV 231036 ANTENNA, VHF COMM (BOT FWD) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 231036 ANTENNA, VHF COMM (BOT FWD) 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77 IV 
S/N: 22870351 
DATE CAL: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
MILLI OHM METER I.D. 1560600. DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepant:). 17.7 
CMP GIV 231037 ANTENNA, VHF COMM (BOT AFT) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 231037 ANTENNA, VHF COMM (BOT AFT) 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77 IV 
S/N: 22870351 
DATE CAL: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
MILLI OHM METER I.D. 1560600, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.8 
CMP GIV 231456 ANTENNA, 800 MGHZ #1 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 94 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809032
--- PAGE 95 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 231456 ANTENNA, 800 MGHZ #1 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
REMOVED 800 MGHZ ANTENNA PIN N129-18-1, SIN 0494. RECIEVED O.K. TO INSTALL AND INSTALLED 
SERVICABLE 800 MGHZ ANTENNA P/N N129-18-1, SIN 0494. 
Discrepancy: 17.9 
CMP GIV 237107 ANTENNA, SECURITY SYSTEM 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 237107 ANTENNA, SECURITY SYSTEM 
Discrepancy: 17.10 CMP GIV 238056 Antenna LH (Aircell / Iridium). 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 238056 Antenna LH (Aircell / Iridium). 
Discrepancy: 17.11 CMP GIV 238076 Antenna, ABS ATG (Forward) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 238076 Antenna, ABS ATG (Forward) 
Discrepancy: 17.12 CMP GIV 238077 Antenna, ABS ATG (Aft) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 238077 Antenna, ABS ATG (Aft) 
Discrepancy: 17.13 CMP GIN. 256130 Emergency Locator Transmitter Antenna - Removal / Installation 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 95 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00809033
--- PAGE 96 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO it SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 256130 EMERGENCY LOCATOR TRANSMITTER ANTENNA - REMOVAL / 
INSTALLATION 
COAX CABLE CENTER CONDUCTOR CHECK. TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77IV 
S/N: 22870351 
CAL DATE: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
Discrepancy: 17.14 CMP GIV 334029 Anti-collision Beacon Assembly (Top) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 334029 Anti-collision Beacon Assembly (Top) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 17.15 CUP GIN' 334030 .kriticollision Beacon Assembly (Bottom) - Removal r Installation 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.16 CMP GIV 341035 ANTENNA, #1 RADIO ALT XMITTER 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 341035 ANTENNA, #1 RADIO ALT XMITTER 
MILLI-OHM METER I.D. 1560G00, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.17 CMP GIV 341036 Radio Altimeter Receiver Antenna No. 1 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 341036 RADIO ALTIMETER RECEIVER ANTENNA NO. 1 - REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION 
MILLI-OHM METER I.D. 1560G00, DUE 4/10/2019 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 96 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809034
--- PAGE 97 ---
Bill To: JEGE LW 
WO if: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 17.18 CMP GIV 341037 Radio Altimeter Receiver Antenna No. 2 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 341037 RADIO ALTIMETER RECEIVER ANTENNA NO. 2 - REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION 
MILLI-OHM METER I.D. 1560G00, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.19 CMP GIV 341038 ANTENNA, #2 RADIO ALT XMITTER 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 341038 ANTENNA, #2 RADIO ALT XMITTER 
MILLI-OHM METER I.D. 1560G00, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.20 CMP GIV 343014 Marker Beacon Antenna - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 343014 MARKER BEACON ANTENNA - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
FLUKE METER - 1804U00 
CAL DATE - 5/7/2018 
CAL DUE - 5/7/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.21 CMP GIV 343015 Marker Beacon System - Operational Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 343015 MARKER BEACON SYSTEM - OPERATIONAL CHECK 
EQUIPMENT USED: 
IFR 4000 
ITEM--1753N00 
CAL DATE-6/17/I7 
CAL DUE DATE--6/30/2018 
Discrepancy: 17.22 CMP GIV 343016 ANTENNA, MARKER BEACON 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 343016 ANTENNA, MARKER BEACON 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 97 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809035
--- PAGE 98 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 17.23 CMP GIV 344315 Traffic Collision Avoidance System Top Antenna - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 344315 TRAFFIC COLLISION AVOIDANCE SYSTEM TOP ANTENNA - REMOVAL / 
INSTALLATION 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77IV 
S/N: 22870351 
CAL DATE: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
Discrepancy: 17.24 CMP GIV 344316 Traffic Collision Avoidance System Bottom Antenna - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 344316 TRAFFIC COLLISION AVOIDANCE SYSTEM BOTTOM ANTENNA - 
REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77IV 
S/N: 22870351 
CAL DATE: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
Discrepancy: 17.25 CM l' GIN 344341 TCAS - Functional Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH (MP GIV 344341 TCAS - Functional Check 
Discrepancy: 17.26 CMP GIN 345141 Distance Measuring Equipment Antenna No. I - Removal Installation 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 98 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809036
--- PAGE 99 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345141 DISTANCE MEASURING EQUIPMENT ANTENNA NO. 1- REMOVAL / 
INSTALLATION 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77 IV 
S/N: 22870351 
DATE CAL: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
MILLI-OHM METER I.D. 1560G00, DUE 4/10/2019 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345141 Distance Measuring Equipment Antenna No. 1 - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 17.27 CMP GIV 345142 Distance Measuring Equipment Antenna No. 2 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345142 DISTANCE MEASURING EQUIPMENT ANTENNA NO. 2 - REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77 IV 
S/N: 22870351 
DATE CAL: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
MILLIOHM METER I.D. 1560600, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.28 CMP GIV 345246 ANTENNA, ADF #2 
Resolution: N/A THERE IS ONY ONE ADF ANTENNA INSTALLED ON THE AIRCRAFT, TRACKED UNDER CMP 345250. 
Discrepancy: 17.29 
C N1P GIN 345250 ADF Dual Antenna - Removal / Installation 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPrelintinaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 99 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11.41 
Reel 
EFTA00809037
--- PAGE 100 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SCI8654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345250 AUTOMATIC DIRECTION FINDING DUAL ANTENNA - REMOVAL / 
INSTALLATION 
MULTIMETER 
ID-1695C00 
DATE CAL-7/14/2017 
CAL DUE DATE--7/14/2018 
MILLIOHM METER I.D. 1560G00, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.30 CMP GIV 345311 ATC Transponder No. 1- Test / Inspection (FAR91.413) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345311 ATC NO. 1 - FUNCTIONAL TEST / INSPECTION (FAR 91.413). 
ATC TRANSPONDER TESTS WERE PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 14 CFR PART 43, APPENDIX FAS 
REQUIRED BY 14 CFR PART 91.413. 
#1 TRANSPONDER P/N: 622-9210-409, S/N: 364 
DATE TESTED: 06/26/2018 
EXPIRATION DATE: 06/26/2020 
TRANSPONDER TEST EQUIPMENT USED FOR TRANSPONDER CERTIFICATIONS: 
MODEL: IFR-6000 
S/N: 1000685211 
CAL DATE: 11/10/2017 
CAL DUE DATE: 11/10/2018 
THIS AIRCRAFT MEETS THE REQUIREMENTS STIPULATED IN THE REGULATION THAT AUTHORIZES 
NAVIGATION IN REDUCED VERTICAL SEPARATION MINIMUM (RVSM) AIRSPACE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
APPLICABLE AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL. 
Discrepancy: 17.31 CMP GIV 345312 ATC Transponder No. 2 - Test / Inspection (FAR91.413) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345312 ATC NO. 2 - FUNCTIONAL TEST / INSPECTION (FAR 91.413). 
ATC TRANSPONDER TESTS WERE PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 14 CFR PART 43, APPENDIX FAS 
REQUIRED BY 14 CFR PART 91.413. 
#2 TRANSPONDER P/N: 622-9210-409, S/N: ICBM 
DATE TESTED: 06/26/2018 
EXPIRATION DATE: 06/26/2020 
TRANSPONDER TEST EQUIPMENT USED FOR TRANSPONDER CERTIFICATIONS: 
MODEL: IFR-6000 
S/N: 1000685211 
CAL DATE: 11/10/2017 
CAL DUE DATE: 11/10/2018 
THIS AIRCRAFT MEETS THE REQUIREMENTS STIPULATED IN THE REGULATION THAT AUTHORIZES 
NAVIGATION IN REDUCED VERTICAL SEPARATION MINIMUM (RVSM) AIRSPACE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
APPLICABLE AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 100 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809038
--- PAGE 101 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 17.32 CMP GIV 345335 ANT, #1 ATC UPPER(A/C 1360-SUB 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345335 ANT, #1 ATC UPPER(A/C 1360-SUB 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77 IV 
S/N: 22870351 
DATE CAL: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
MILLIOHM METER I.D. 1560600, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.33 CMP GIV 345336 ANT, #2 ATC UPPER(A/C 1360-SUB 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345336 ANT, #2 ATC UPPER(A/C 1360-SUB 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77 IV 
S/N: 22870351 
DATE CAL: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
MILLIOHM METER I.D. 1560600, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.34 CMP GIV 345341 ANTENNA, #1 ATC (LWR FORWARD) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345341 ANTENNA, #1 ATC (LWR FORWARD) 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77 IV 
S/N: 22870351 
DATE CAL: 07/14/2017 
CAL. DUE DATE: 07/14/2018 
MILLIOHM METER I.D. 1560600, DUE 4/10/2019 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 101 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809039
--- PAGE 102 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 17.35 CMP GIV 345342 ANTENNA, #2 ATC (LOWER AFT) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345342 ANTENNA, #2 ATC (LOWER AFT) 
TEST EQUIPMENT USED: 
MODEL: FLUKE 77 IV 
S/N: 22870351 
MILLIOHM METER I.D. 1560600, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.36 CMP GIV 345805 GPS SYSTEM-OPS TEST 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345805 GPS SYSTEM—OPS TEST 
Discrepancy: 17.37 CMP GIN' 345815 ANTENNA, GPS #1 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345815 ANTENNA, GPS #1 
FLUKE METER - 1804U00 
CAL DATE - 5/7/2018 
CAL DUE - 5/7/2019 
MILLIOHM METER I.D. 1560600, DUE 4/10/2019 
Discrepancy: 17.38 CMP GIV 346049 ANTENNA, POSITIONING #1 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 346049 ANTENNA, POSITIONING #1 
Discrepancy: 17.39 CMP GIV 346050 ANTENNA, POSITIONING #2 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 346050 ANTENNA, POSITIONING #2 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 102 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809040
--- PAGE 103 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 17.40 CMP GIV 232226 ANTENNA, SATELLITE COMMUNICATI 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 232226 ANTENNA, SATELLITE COMMUNICATI 
Discrepancy: 17.41 CMP GIV 231005 TRANSCEIVER, #1 VHF COMM 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 231005 TRANSCEIVER, #1 VHF COMM 
Discrepancy: 17.42 CMP OW 231006 TRANSCEIVER, #2 VHF COMM 
Resolution: COMPLIED 
II CMP GIV 231006 TRANSCEIVER, #2 VHF COMM 
Discrepancy: 17.43 CMP GIV 345205 Automatic Direction Finding Receiver No. 1 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345205 AUTOMATIC DIRECTION FINDING RECEIVER NO. 1- REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION 
REMOVED AND REINSTALLED SAME ADF RECIEVER #1 P/N 622-7382-101 SN 495. ALL WORK COMPLIED 
WITH IAW GIV MM 34-02-03 OPERATIONAL TEST DUE. SEE ITEM 17.47 
Discrepancy: 17.44 CMP GIV 345206 Automatic Direction Finding Receiver No. 2 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345206 AUTOMATIC DIRECTION FINDING RECEIVER NO. 2 - REMOVAL / 
INSTALLATION 
INSTALLED SAME ADF RECIEVER #2 P/N 622-7382-101 SN 498. ALL WORK COMPLIED WITH IAW GIV MM 
34-02-03. OPERATIONAL TEST DUE. SEE ITEM 1747 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 103 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809041
--- PAGE 104 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 17.45 CMP GIV 345305 TRANSPONDER, #1 ATC 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345305 TRANSPONDER, #1 ATC 
Discrepancy: 17.46 CMP GIV 345306 TRANSPONDER, #2 ATC 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345306 TRANSPONDER, #2 ATC 
Discrepancy: 17.47 CMP GIV 345219 AUTOMATIC DIRECTION FINDING SYSTEM - OPERATIONAL CHECK 
SEE ITEM 17.44 AND 17.45 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 345219 AUTOMATIC DIRECTION FINDING SYSTEM - OPERATIONAL CHECK, 
CHECKED GOOD AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.48 CMP GIV 344305 TCAS Computer- Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 344305 TCAS Computer - Removal / Installation 
Item: 18 
ANTENNA INTERFACE INSPECTION DISCREPANCIES 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 18.1 
WHILE REMOVING ANTENNAS FOR CMP GIV 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION NOTED 
ALL RAD ALT ANTENNAS ARE PAINTED OVER. 
Resolution: PERFORMED REMOVAL / INSTALLATION OPERATION TESTS (REF ITEMS 17.16 THRU 17.19). CUSTOMER 
ELECTS NO FURTHER ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 104 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809042
--- PAGE 105 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 18.2 
ADDITIONAL TIME REQUIRED TO REMOVE LOWER TCAS DOUBLER. IT IS ATTACHED TO 
AIRCRAFT SKIN. 
Resolution: REMOVED LOWER TCAS ANTENNA CONTOUR PLATE TO FACILITATE ANTENNA INTERFACE 
INSPECTION. INSTALLED LOWER TCAS ANTENNA CONTOUR PLATE WORK REF GAC BP SC44129001 REV 
(J) - TCAS HONEYWELL (STC). & ENGINEERING DISPO 18654.18.2.1 
Labor USD: 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
18.2 #2 
18.2 #3 
18.2 #4 
Billing Method 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Part number: 
IIL82-5APBW 
11140-4-2 
11197-4 
Step: 18.2.1 
Completed 
ST 
ST 
Flours 
Rate 
15.57 
@ 
$142.00 
1.00 
@ 
$231.00 
Total 
$2,210.94 
$231.00 
$984.11 
$3,426.05 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
III LOC COLLAR 
PIN, HILOK 
COLLAR, HILOK 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
100 
$5.00 
$3.76 
$10.91 
Extended USD 
AT NOTED LOCATIONS COMMON TO THE 159F10906 SUPPORT ASSY & INSTL 
STA 133-168, IT IS PERMISSIBLE TO SUBTITUTE SOLID AD RIVETS WITH 
HL40-4-(XX) HI-LOKS AND HL94-4 OR IIL97-4 COLLARS. ENSURE HOLE(S) 
ARE CLEAN AND ROUND AT 0.138 - 0.141 INCH DIA. 
MAINTAIN A MINIMUM OF 2X DIA EDGE DISTANCE FOR III - LOK 
INSTALLATION AND INSTALL PER GAMPS2206 WET WITH MIL-PRF-81733 OR 
EQUIVALENT SEALANT PER CAMPS 7115. 
$500.00 
$124.08 
$360.03 
Discrepancy: 18.3 
ADDITIONAL TIME REQUIRED TO REMOVE UPPER TCAS DOUBLER. IT IS ATTACHED TO 
AIRCRAFT SKIN. 
Resolution: REMOVED UPPER TCAS ANTENNA CONTOUR PLATE TO FACILITATE ANTENNA INTERFACE INSPECTION. 
RE-INSTALLED UPPER TCAS ANTENNA CONTOUR PLATE WORK REF GAC BP SC44129001 REV (J) - TCAS 
HONEYWELL (STC). 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
19.30 
@ 
$142.00 
$2,740.60 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$666.25
Total USD: 
$3,406.85 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.3 #9 
IILI9PB5-5 
HI-LOK 
$1.64 
$16.40 
183 #15 
IILI9PB6-5 
HI-LOK 
$1.77 
$17.70 
183 #10 
IILI9PB5-6 
HILOK 
$1.74 
$34.80 
183 #8 
IILI9PB-5-7 
BOLT 
S3.44 
$68.80 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 105 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809043
--- PAGE 106 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
WO It SC18654 
Description 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.3 47 
IlL82-6APBW 
III LOC / COLLAR 
$16.50 
$330.00 
183014 
GAB5I0B3-6 
BOLT 
$1.00 
S5.00 
18.3 kll 
NASI581C3T5 
BOLT, 100 DEC FRI', OFS 
$1.25 
$12.50 
CRUCIFORM, 95 ICSI
183 013 
NAS1581C3T3 
SCREW 
$0.44 
$4.40 
183 012 
NAS1581C3T6 
BOLT, 100 DEG FLUSH REDUCED 
$1.25
$12.50 
HEAD, OFS CRUCIFORM, 95 ICSI FSU
183 016 
MS2I042L3 
NUT 
$0.24 
$4.08 
183 PI 
IlLI9PB5-2 
HILOK 
$3.09
$52.53
183 #2 
IILI9PB5-8 
HILOK 
$3.00 
S60.00 
183 #3 
IILI9PB5-5 
III-LOK 
$1.64 
S14.76 
183 44 
IILI9PB6-10 
HI-LOK 
I 
$1.76 
$1.76 
183 45 
IILI9PB6-10 
HI-LOK 
$1.76 
$1.76 
183 #6 
515X333-20Z 
KIT, TOUCH UP, EPDXY PRIMER, 2 
$29.26 
$29.26 
OZ, GREEN
Discrepancy: 18.4 
WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE INSPECTION NOTED MULTIPLE LOWER ANTENNA 
FUSELAGE LANDINGS TO HAVE MINOR SURFACE CORROSION. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION ON LOWER ANTENNA INTERFACES, SEE STEPS FOR DETAILS. 
PERFORMED NDT THICKNESS CHECKS. PER ENGINEERING DISPOSITION STEP 18.4.4 REMAINING SKIN 
THICKNESS IS STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED SERVICE. CLEANED AND ALODINED 
BARE SURFACES AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE LAW SRM 15-13-10 AND GSL405300001 (REV -) 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Nlaterial 
ST 
5.15 
® 
$142.00 
$73130 
Labor USD: 
Time and Nlaterial 
ST 
1.00 
® 
$231.00 
$231.00 
Total USD: 
$96230 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 106 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809044
--- PAGE 107 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Step: 18.4.1 
Step: 18.4.2 
Step: 18.43 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Completed REMOVED CORROSION ON LOWER ANTENNA INTERFACES. CLEANED ALL 
AFFECTED AREAS. ALL WORK DONE JAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Completed 
PERFORMED ULTRASONIC THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS PER 
MAINTENANCE REQUEST AFTER MAINTENANCE REMOVED CORROSION 
FROM LOWER ANTENNA INTERFACES IAW GIV SRM 51-13-20. INSPECTION 
PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 2.0 ULTRASONIC REVISION 7 - 
SEPTEMBER 16TH, 2015.MEASUREMENTS MARKED ON TAPE ON AIRCRAFT. 
Completed 
REQUEST ENGINEERING EVALUATION OF REMAINING SKIN THICKNESS 
WHERE REWORKED: 
DME NO. 1 ANTENNA, .040 MIN NOTED 
RAD ALT NO. 1 XMIT, .066 MIN NOTED 
ATC NO. 1 ANTENNA, .039 MIN NOTED 
RAD ALT NO.2 REC, .067 MIN NOTED 
DME NO.2 ANTENNA, .041 MIN NOTED 
RAD ALT NO.1 FtECV - .060 MIN NOTED 
ATC NO.2 ANTENNA - .042 MIN NOTED 
VHF NO.2 ANTENNA - .040 MIN NOTED 
VHF NO. 3 (LOCATED ON PANEL) - .070 MIN NOTED 
L BAND ANTENNA AT FS 565 -.039 MIN NOTED 
LH MARKER BEACON ANTENNA - .062 MIN NOTED 
Step: 18.4.4 
Completed ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
THE NOTED POST BLEND THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS ARE 
STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED SERVICE. 
CONTINUE REWORK OPERATIONS IAW GSL405300001 (REV -) "ALLOWABLE 
DAMAGE - FUSELAGE SKIN AT ANTENNA LOCATIONS" 
Discrepancy: 18.5 
WHILE REMOVING FWD LOWER TCAS ANTENNA DOUBLER NOTED FUSELAGE DEFORMATION 
CAUSED BY DOUBLER REMOVAL 
Resolution: COLD STRAIGHTENED DISCREPANT AREA OF THE 1159B20223-47 FUSELAGE SKIN. LIGHTLY 
SCOTCH-BRITE/BLENDED DISCREPANT AREAS. NDT VERIFID NO CRACKS AND POST BLEND SKIN 
THICKNESS IS WITHIN ALLOWABLE LIMITS. TOUCHED UP REWORK WITH FINISH #213 ALODINE PER 
GAMPS 6113 AND REINSTALLED TCAS ANTENNA PER GAC BP SC44129001. WORK DONE IAW 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION SC18654.18.5.2. 
REF STEPS BELOW FOR FURTHER DETAILS AND COMPONENTS REMOVED AND INSTALLED FOR ACCESS 
TO SKIN. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 107 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809045
--- PAGE 108 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Step: 18.5.1 
Completed 
REQUEST ENGINEERING EVALUATION OF SKIN DEFORMATION UNDER 
FWD LOWER TCAS DOUBLER 
Step: 18.5.2 
Completed 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
COLD STRAIGHTEN DISCREPANT AREA OF THE II 59B20223-47 FUSELAGE 
SKIN TO BRING BACK TO WITHIN APPROXIMATELLY 0.002 INCH OF B/P 
CONTOUR; (REF SR 1077). 
LIGHTLY SCOTCH-BRITEIBLEND DISCREPANT AREAS 0.004 MAX TO ENSURE 
A SMOOTH AND GRADUAL TRANSITION WITH A MINIMUM 20 TO 1 WIDTH 
TO DEPTH BLEND RATIO AND 63 RIM OR BETTER SURFACE FINISH. 
NDT VERIFY NO CRACKS AND POST BLEND SKIN THICKNESS (REF. 2024-T42, 
0.040 THK). A 10% REDUCTION IN SKIN THICKNESS WILL BE 
STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED SERVICE. 
TOUCH REWORK WITH FINISH #213 ALODINE PER CAMPS 6113 AND 
REINSTALL TCAS ANTENNA PER B/P, MUM REQT'S. 
Step: 18.53 
Completed 
GAINED ACCESS TO AND REMOVED THE HMG CONTROL UNIT 
PN:752502176I SN: III, AUDIO JUNCTION BOX PN:UNK SN: UNK, DC 
EXTERNAL REMOTE CIRCUIT BREAKER PN: UNK SN: UNK, LIGHT DIMMER 
POWER SUPPLY #1 PN:LT-52A SN: 8854, LIGHT DIMMER POWER SUPPLY #2 
PN:LT-52A SN: 8855, LIGHT DIMMER POWER SUPPLY #3 PN:LT-52A SN: 8856, 
STANDBY GENERATOR AC POWER RELAY PN: IIT-A4A-002 SN: UNK. 
Step: 18.5.4 
Completed COLD STRAIGHTENED DISCREPANT AREA AROUND LOWER TCAS 
CONTOUR PLATE MOUNTING INTERFACE ON 1159620223-47 FUSELAGE 
SKIN. LIGHTLY BLENDED COLD STRAIGHTENED AREA WITII 
SCOTCIIBRITE PAD. 
DONE PER ENGINEERING DISPOSITION SCI8654.18.5.2 
Step: 18.5.5 
Completed 
PERFORMED EDDY CURRENT INSPECTION FOR CRACKS PER 
MAINTENANCE REQUEST AFTER MAINTENANCE COLD STRAIGHTENED 
DISCREPANTAREA AROUND LOWER TC AS CONTOUR PLATE MOUNTING 
INTERFACE ON 1159B20223-47 FUSELAGE SKIN. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 
3.0 EDDY CURRENT REVISION 7- DECEMBER 15TH, 2017. NO DEFECTS 
NOTED. 
Step: 18.5.6 
Completed 
PERFORMED ULTRASONIC THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS PER 
MAINTENANCE REQUEST ON AREA AROUND LOWER TC AS CONTOUR 
PLATE MOUNTING INTERFACE ON 1159620223-47 FUSELAGE SKIN AFTER 
MAINTENANCE LIGHTLY BLENDED COLD STRAIGHTENED AREA WITH 
SCOTCIIBRITE PAD. MEASUREMENTS WRITTEN ON AIRCRAFT BARE 
METALMINIMUM READING RECORDED .037. 
Step: 18.5.7 
Completed 
PER ENGINEERING STEP 18.5.2 THE NOTED MINIMUM SKIN THICKNESS OF 
.037 NOTED IS WITHIN ALLOWABLE LIMITS. (1159B20223-47 FUSELAGE SKIN) 
Step: 18.5.8 
Completed RECEIVED OK TO INSTALL AND INSTALLED THE FOLLOWING SERVICABLE 
UNITS: HMG CONTROL UNIT PN:7525021761 SN: III, AUDIO JUNCTION BOX 
PN:UNK SN: UNK, DC EXTERNAL REMOTE CIRCUIT BREAKER PN: UNK SN: 
UNK, PEDESTAL LIGHT DIMMER POWER SUPPLY #1 PN:LT-52A SN: 8854, 
PEDESTAL LIGHT DIMMER POWER SUPPLY #2 PN:LT-52A SN: 8855, PEDESTAL 
LIGHT DIMMER POWER SUPPLY #3 PN:LT-52A SN: 8856, STANDBY 
GENERATOR AC POWER RELAY PN: IIT-A4A-002 SN: UNK. ALL WORK 
PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV MUM 24-01-05 STANDBY 
ELECTRICAL POWER AND WIRING DIAGRAMS 23-52-00 AUDIO CONTROL 
SYSTEM. 33-12-00 COCKPIT LIGHTS SYSTEM, 24-24-00 STANDBY ELECTRICAL 
POWER 
Step: 18.5.9 
Completed 
PERFORMED OPERATIONAL CHECK OF HMG CONTROL UNIT (PERFORMD 
UNDER ITEM 11.12), AUDIO JUNCTION BOX IAW GIV MM 23-50-00 AUDIO 
INTEGRATING SYSTEM OPERATIONAL CHECK, DC EXTERNAL REMOTE 
CIRCUIT BREAKER IAW GIV MM 24-02-00 DC POWER SUPPLY AND 
DISTRIBUTION, AND PEDESTAL LIGHT DIMMER POWER SUPPLY 1-3 IAW GIV 
MM 33-01-00 WARNING LIGHTS SYSTEM 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page IO8 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809046
--- PAGE 109 ---
Bill To: JEGE LW 
SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 18.6 
WHLIE C/W CMP 539516 UPPER ANTENNA INTERFACE NOTED SEVERAL ANTENNA FUSELAGE 
LANDINGS TO HAVE LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION / TOOLING MARKS 
Resolution: REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION AND TOOLING MARKS FROM SEVERAL ANTENNA LANDINGS: 
XM ANTENNA@ FS 193, VHF NO. 1 ANTENNA, BLADE ANTENNA @ FS 315, ANTI COLLISON LIGHT ON 
UPPER FUSELAGE SURFACE BY HAND SANDING AND MECHANICAL MEANS. PERFORMED ULTRASONIC 
THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS FOR ENGINEERING FOUND TO BE WITHIN STRUCTUAL SERVICABLE 
LIMITS. CLEANED AND ALODINED REWORKED AREAS IAW GIV SRM-21-21. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.23 
@ 
$142.00 
$742.66 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.00 
@ 
$231.00 
$231.00 
Total USD: 
$973.66 
Step: 18.6.1 
Completed REMOVED LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION AND TOOLING MARKS FROM 
SEVERAL ANTENNA LANDINGS ON THE UPPER FUSELAGE SURFACE BY 
HAND SANDING AND MECHANICAL MEANS. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 
51-13-21. 
Step: 18.6.2 
Completed PERFORMED ULTRASONIC THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS PER 
MAINTENANCE REQUEST AFTER MAINTENANCE REMOVED LIGHT 
SURFACE FROM SEVERAL ANTENNA LANDINGS ON THE UPPER FUSELAGE 
SURFACE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-20. INSPECTION PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL 2.0 ULTRASONIC REVISION 7 -
SEPTEMBER 16TH, 2015.MEASUREMENTS MARKED ON TAPE ON AIRCRAFT. 
Step: 18.63 
Completed REQUEST ENGINEERING EVALUATION OF REMAINING SKIN THICKNESS 
WHERE REWORKED: 
XM ANTENNA ® FS 193- .040 MIN NOTED 
VHF NO. 1 ANTENNA - .040 MIN NOTED 
BLADE ANTENNA (i) FS 315 - .040 MIN NOTED 
ANTI COLLISON LIGHT - .040 MIN NOTED 
Step: 18.6.4 
Completed ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
THE NOTED POST BLEND THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS ARE 
STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED SERVICE. 
CONTINUE REWORK OPERATIONS IAW GSIA05300001 (REV -) "ALLOWABLE 
DAMAGE - FUSELAGE SKIN AT ANTENNA LOCATIONS" 
Discrepancy: 18.7 
WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND MULTIPLE UPPER AND 
LOWER FUSELAGE ANTENNA SURFACES TO BE PAINTED. 
Resolution: FOUND 3 UPPER (GPS #1, GPS #2 AND ELT) AND 1 LOWER (ATC) ANTENNA SURFACES TO HAVE PAINT ON 
AIRFRAME SURFACES. REMOVED PAINT WITH NO MATERIAL LOSS NOTED AND CLEANED, ALODINED 
THESE ANTENNA SURFACES. WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-21-21. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.02 
@ 
$142.00 
$144.84 
Total USD: 
$144.84 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 109 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809047
--- PAGE 110 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 18.8 
WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE #2 VHF ANTENNA TO BE 
CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.06 ® 
$142.00 
$292.52 
Total USD: 
$292.52 
Step: 18.8.1 
Completed 
ENTERED IN ERROR 
Discrepancy: 18.9 
WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE #3 VHF ANTENNA TO BE 
CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.04 
® 
$142.00 
$289.68 
Total USD: 
$289.68 
Step: 18.9.1 
Completed 
ENTERED IN ERROR 
Discrepancy: 18.10 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE RADIO ALTIMETER #1 
RECEIVE ANTENNA TO BE CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.99 ® 
$142.00 
$282.58 
Total USD: 
$282.58 
Step: 18.10.1 
Completed 
ENTERED IN ERROR 
Discrepancy: 18.11 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE AIRPHONE ANTENNA TO 
BE CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 110 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809048
--- PAGE 111 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.86 
@ 
$142.00 
$264.12 
Total USD: 
$264.12 
Discrepancy: 18.12 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE L BAND ANTENNA 
DME/ATC TRANSPONDER ANTENNA DOUBLER TO BE CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA DOUBLER.. ALODINED BARE ALUMINUM AS 
REQUIRED. WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.98 
@ 
$142.00 
$281.16 
Total USD: 
$281.16 
Discrepancy: 18.13 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE #1 DME ANTENNA TO BE 
CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE JAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.99 
@ 
$142.00 
$282.58 
Total USD: 
$282.58 
Discrepancy: 18.14 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE #2 ATC LOWER 
ANTENNA TO BE CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE JAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.84 
@ 
$142.00 
$261.28 
Total USD: 
$261.28 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 111 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A? 
Reel 
EFTA00809049
--- PAGE 112 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 18.15 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE RADIO ALTIMETER #2 
TRANSMIT ANTENNA TO BE CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.15 
@ 
$142.00 
$305.30 
Total USD: 
$30530 
Discrepancy: 18.16 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE LOWER BEACON LIGHT 
TO BE CORRODED. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.48 
@ 
$142.00 
$68.16 
'total USD: 
$68.16 
Discrepancy: 18.17 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE TOP GPS ANTENNA TO 
BE CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.12 
@ 
$142.00 
$301.04 
Total USD: 
$301.04 
Discrepancy: 18.18 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE L/H MARKER BEACON 
ANTENNA TO BE CORRODED. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 112 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Rent 
EFTA00809050
--- PAGE 113 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE JAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.10 
@ 
$142.00 
$156.20 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
1.03 
@ 
$213.00 
$219.39 
Total USD: 
$375.59 
Discrepancy: 18.19 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE AFT AIRCELL ANTENNA 
BASE TO BE CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE JAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.10 
@ 
$142.00 
$298.20 
Total USD: 
$298.20 
Discrepancy: 18.20 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE - INSPECTION FOUND THE FWD AIRCELL ANTENNA 
BASE TO BE CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION FROM ANTENNA BONDING SURFACE (BASE).. ALODINED BARE 
ALUMINUM AS REQUIRED. WORK DONE JAW GIV SRM 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.08 
@ 
$142.00 
$295.36 
Total USD: 
$295.36 
Discrepancy: 18.21 WHILE C/W CMP 539516 ANTENNA INTERFACE INSPECTION, FOUND FUSELAGE SKIN AT UPPER 
TCAS ANTENNA HAS SHARP DEEP GRINDING MARKS. 
Resolution: BLENDED NOTED TOOLING GOUGE MARKS ON UPPER TCAS CONTOUR PLATE/AIRCRAFT SKIN 
INTERFACE. 
PERFORED NDT THICKNESS AND CRACK CHECKS WITH NO CRACKS NOTED. REMAINING SKIN 
THICKNESS IS STUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED SERVICE. ALODINED AND REINSTALLED 
DOUBLER PLATE (ITEM 18.2) AS REQUIRED. SEE STEPS FOR FURTHER DETAILS. WORK DONE lAW GIV 
SRM 51-77-11 AND ENGINEERING DISPOSITION 18.21.4 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 113 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809051
--- PAGE 114 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.63 
@ 
$142.00 
$799.46 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.00 
@ 
$231.00 
$231.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$82.17 
Total USD: 
$1,112.63 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.21 #1 
PRI440B1-2-654 
SEALANT,6OZ #654 SEMKIT 
$26.67 
$26.67 
18.21 #2 
IILI9PB5-5 
111-1OK 
$1.64 
$16.40 
18.21 #3 
IILI9PB5-3 
111-1OK 
$3.91 
$39.10 
Step: 18.21.1 
Step: 18.21.2 
Step: 18.21.3 
Step: 18.21.4 
Completed 
Completed 
Completed 
Completed 
BLENDED NOTED TOOLING GOUGE MARKS ON UPPER TCAS CONTOUR 
PLATE/AIRCRAFT SKIN INTERFACE WITH SCOTCH BRITE DISC IAW GIV 
SRN1 51-77-1I. 
PERFORMED EDDY CURRENT INSPECTION FOR CRACKS ON BLENDED 
TOOLING GOUGE . NO DEFECTS NOTED.INSPECTION PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GULFSTREAM PRODUCT SUPPORT 
NON-DESTRUCTIVE PROCEDURES MANUAL "3.0 EDDY CURRENT REVISION 
DECEMBER 15TH, 2017. 
EDDY CURRENT MACHINE SN 1797Z00 CAL DUE DATE 9/2012018.. 
REQUEST ENGINEERING EVALUATION OF REMAINING SKIN THICKNESS 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
THE NOTED POST BLEND THICKNESS MEASUREMENTS ON THE 
1159B40225-11 SKIN ARE STRUCTURALLY ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED 
SERVICE. 
CONTINUE REWORK OPERATIONS IAW GSL405300001 (REV -) "ALLOWABLE 
DAMAGE - FUSELAGE SKIN AT ANTENNA LOCATIONS" 
Item: 19 
ASC501B & CB236B GUST LOCK THROTTLE INTERLOCK - RETROFIT 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
ParVModel #: 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 19.2 
CMP GIV 982362 CB 236B GUST LOCK THROTTLE INTERLOCK - RETROFIT (ASC 501B) 
*** WARRANTY CB - NO CHARGE LABOR AND MATERIAL 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 982362 CB 236B Gust Lock Throttle Interlock - Retrofit (ASC 501B) 
Discrepancy: 19.3 
CMP GIV 994041 AD 2017-13-11 - GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE - (PART 2)RETROFIT OF GUST LOCK 
THROTTLE INTERLOCK 
*** RELATED TO ASC501B & CB236B 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 994041 AD 2017-13-11 - Gulfstream Aerospace - (Part 2)Retrofit of Gust Lock Throttle 
Interlock 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 114 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809052
--- PAGE 115 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 19.4 
CMP GIV 251109 SEAT ASSEMBLY, PILOT 
*** RELATED TO ASC501B & CB236B 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 251109 SEAT ASSEMBLY, PILOT 
Discrepancy: 19.5 
CMP GIV 251110 SEAT ASSEMBLY, COPILOT 
*** RELATED TO ASC501B & CB236B 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 251110 SEAT ASSEMBLY, COPILOT 
Discrepancy: 19.6 
CMP GIV 277010 GUST LOCK HANDLE - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
*** RELATED TO ASC501B & CB236B 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 277010 GUST LOCK HANDLE - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
REMOVED GUST LOCK HANDLE P/N UNK WITH NSN FOR MODIFICATION. INSTALLED NEW GUST LOCK 
HANDLE P/N 11595B40859-1 NSN. PARTS RECEIVED FROM GAC SAV. REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH 
TRACKING # 20160904161242, APPROVAL # ODA-511131-CE, DATED 04 SEP 2016. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV 
CMP 277010. 
Discrepancy: 19.7 
CNIP GIN. 2770 I I GUST LOCK SYS-OPS TEST 
*** RE I 
E 1) 
ASC501B & CB236B 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 19.8 
CMP GIV 277015 GUST LOCK SYSTEM - RIGGING PROCEDURE 
*** RELATED TO ASC501B & CB236B 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page II 5 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11M 
Reel 
EFTA00809053
--- PAGE 116 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Discrepancy: 19.9 
CMP GIV 344020 MODE SELECT UNIT - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
*** RELATED TO ASC501B & CB236B 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 344020 MODE SELECT UNIT - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
REMOVED AND REINSTALLED MSU WITH P/N CG1227AC01, S/N 097. ALL WORK PERFORMED IAIV GIV 
MM 34-02-01 MODE SELECT UNIT - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION. 
SEE ITEM 19.10 FOR OPERATIONAL CHECK. 
Discrepancy: 19.10 CMP GIV 344086 ATTITUDE AND HEADING REFERENCE SYSTEM / INERTIAL REFERENCE UNIT - 
OPERATIONAL CHECK 
*** RELATED TO ASC501B & CB236B 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 344086 Attitude and Heading Reference System / Inertial Reference Unit - Operational 
Check 
Discrepancy: 19.11 CMP GIV 346026 FMS CDU NO. 2 - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
*** RELATED TO ASC501B & CB236B 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 346026 FMS CDU NO. 2 - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
REMOVED AND REINSTALLED FMS NO. 2 WITH P/N 7007549-902, S/N 99113632. ALL WORK PERFORMED 
IAW GIV MM 34-0240 FMS CDU NO. 2 - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION. 
SEE ITEM 19.12 FOR OPERATIONAL CHECK 
Discrepancy: 19.12 CMP GIV 349801 FLIGHT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM NO. 2 - OPERATIONAL CHECK 
*** RELATED TO ASC501B & CB236B 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 349801 Flight Management System No. 2 - Operational Check 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 116 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 9:39:11AI 
Reel 
EFTA00809054
--- PAGE 117 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: SC18654 
Invoice Number: 6918002027 
Item: 20 
ITEM FOR FOLLOW ON OPS AND LEAK CHECKS 
Team Manager: Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: Shannon Sykes 
ParVModel #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: N/A / N/A 
MN/MO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 20.1 
ITEM TO TRACK FOLLOW ON OPS AND LEAK CHECKS 
Resolution: 
Step: 20.1.1 
Open 
LEAK CHECK REQUIRED ON ALL HYDRAULIC FILTERS ON THE LJH AND 
Ft/II MANFOLDS AND WHEEL WELLS, CHECK DPI'S AFTER HYDRAULIC 
POWER APPLICATION. 
Step: 20.1.2 
Completed 
OPS CHECK PERFORMED FOR L/H AND R/H FUEL TEMP SENSORS - RI-154 
IAW GIV MM 28-08-00 FUEL TANK TEMPERATURE INDICATING SYSTEM -
INSPECTION / CHECK WITII NO DEFETS NOTED. 
Step: 20.1.3 
Open 
OPEN ITEM FOR COMPLETION OF RSQCT-71 REV. 06 FLIGHT CONTROL 
THROWS TRAVELLER 
Step: 20.1.4 
Open 
OPS CHECK FOR XM ANTENNA ITEM 11.6. 
Communications concerning disputed debts, including a check or other instrument 
tendered as full satisfaction of a debt, must be forwarded to: 
Gulfstream Aerospace 
Atm: Credit Manager 
M/S B-05 
PO BOX 2206, 
Savannah, GA 31402 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 117 of 117 
Printed: 6/28/2018 939:11A1 
Reel 
EFTA00809055

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809056.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00809056
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00809057
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00809058
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00809059

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809060.pdf
----------------------------------------
Government of the United States Virgin Islands 
Office of the Lieutenant Governor 
Division of Banking, Insurance and Financial Regulation 
RENEWAL APPLICATION FOR LICENSURE OF 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES ENTITY 
1. 
Name of International Financial Services Entity: 
Southern Country International, Ltd. ("SCI") 
2. 
E.I.N.: 
3. 
Parent or Affiliate: 
None. 
4. 
Location (street and city/town): 
6100 Red Hook Quarter. Suite B3, St. Thomas V.I. 00802 
5. 
Principal Business Address: 
a) PHYSICAL: 6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B3, St. Thomas V.I. 00802 
Telephone Number: 
Fax number: 
b) MAILING: 6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B3, St. Thomas V.I. 00802 
6. 
Is the organization using a fictitious (DBA) name to transact business? OYes X No 
If yes, please indicate such name: 
7. 
Activities engaged in by the proposed International Financial Services Entity: 
X Transaction-related funds 
Odemand deposits 
OFixed Term and Interbank Deposit of Funds 
X Commercial Lending 
O Financial Leasing 
X Money Services Activities 
X Brokerage Management Services 
X Insurance Brokerage 
X Trade Financing 
EFTA00809060
--- PAGE 2 ---
RENEWAL APPLICATION FOR LICENSURE OF 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES ENTITY 
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 
X Financial Services 
X Securities and Investment Advice 
O Clearinghouse 
Provide a brief description of these activities: 
See attached Appendix 1. 
8. 
Authorized representative designated by the applicant to act as its authorized agent for service of 
process in the Virgin Islands and/or to obtain information regarding the management of the 
Company. 
Name: Erika Kellerhals 
Address: Royal Palms Professional Building. 9053 Estate Thomas. Suite 101. St. Thomas. V.I. 00802 
Telephone: 
9. 
Explain the organizational structure of the International Financial Services Entity, including the 
number and title of the employees who are employed. Please include residency of employees. 
SCI has not yet hired any employees but intends to do so in 2018. 
(If additional space is needed you may provide additional page) 
10. 
The following documents and information must be provided as part of the application renewal 
process and properly certified by the Applicant: 
a) A management organization chart for the Company clearly indicating any divisional or business 
unit structure, and (to the extent not provided elsewhere) clearly delineating the exercise of 
control and mechanisms for change in control; 
See attached Appendix 2. 
b) A categorized list of states and jurisdictions in which the Applicant has offices, holds property 
or conducts business; 
It is anticipated that SCI will only have an office in the USVI. 
11. 
List the name(s), occupation, address(es), telephone number(s) and facsimile number(s) of each 
officer and director of the International Financial Services Entity: (Attach additional pages if 
necessary) 
5049 Kongens Gade, St. Thomas, VI 00802-6487 •Tel: 
l
I I31 King Street, Suite 101, Christiansted, VI 00820 • Tel: 
• Fax:
Page 2 of 9 
EFTA00809061
--- PAGE 3 ---
RENEWAL APPLICATION FOR LICENSURE OF 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES ENTITY 
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 
NAME 
OCCUPATION 
ADDRESS 
TELEPHONE 
&
FACSIMILE 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Self-employed 
6100 
Red 
Hook 
Quarter, Suite B3, 
St. 
Thomas 
V.I. 
00802 
Telephone: 
Darren K. Indyke 
Attorney 
575 
Lexington 
Avenue, 4th Floor 
New 
York, 
New 
York 10022 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
Richard Kahn 
CPA 
575 
Lexington 
Avenue, 4th Floor 
New 
York, 
New 
York 10022 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
12. 
The name, address, telephone number of any person who, directly or indirectly, possesses or 
controls or intends to possess or control 5 percent or more in the capital of the proposed 
international financial services entity. (Biographical affidavit required for persons meeting this 
criterion that has not previously submitted affidavit) 
NAME 
OCCUPATION 
ADDRESS 
TEL &FAX 
NOS. 
% OF CAPITAL 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Self-employed 
6100 Red Hook 
Quarter, Suite B3, 
St. Thomas V.I. 
00802 
Telephone: 
100% 
13. 
(a) Capital and Surplus: 
O (a) Stock Company 
(1) Capital 
(2) Surplus 
D (b) Mutual 
(1) Capital 
(2) Surplus 
$ 500,000.00 
S 
5049 Kongcns Gadc, St. Thomas, VI 00802.6487 •Tel: 
•Fax: 
1131 King Street, Suite 101, Christiansted, VI 00820 • Tel:
 • Fax: 
Page 3 of 9 
EFTA00809062
--- PAGE 4 ---
RENEWAL APPLICATION FOR LICENSURE OF 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES ENTITY 
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 
(c) Type of Stock(s) to be Authorized 
Number of Shares 
(1) Common 
(2) Preferred 
100,000 
100,000 
(d) Par Value of Each Share by Type 
Selling Price 
(1) Common 
(2) Preferred 
(e) Location of Shares of Stock 
$ 5.00 
$ 1.00 
(1) 6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B3, St. Thomas V.I. 00802 
(2) 6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B3, St. Thomas V.I. 00802 
(b) If other than a corporation, describe capital structure: 
N/A 
(If additional space is needed you may provide additional page) 
14. 
Briefly describe the nature of the applicant's business activities. 
See Appendix 1. 
15. 
State the name of the entity, location and name of directors and main executive officers of any 
other applicant's affiliates engaged in offshore international financial business. 
Name of 
Entity 
Location 
Directors / C.E.O. 
None. 
16. 
Has there been any changes in the ownership of the IFSE by those holding shares in excess of 5%? 
ClYes X No 
5049 Kongens Gade, St. Thomas, VI 00802-6487 •Tel: 
•Fax: 
1131 King Street, Suite 101, Christiansted, VI 00820 • Tel: 
• Fax: 
Page 4 of 9 
EFTA00809063
--- PAGE 5 ---
RENEWAL APPLICATION FOR LICENSURE OF 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES ENTITY 
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 
If yes, please provide names of new shareholders and biographical affidavit. 
17. 
Have you or any of your businesses ever been fined for infractions? OYes X No 
If yes: date of fine 
amount of the fine 
country or state which levied the fine (s) 
Reason (s) for the fine(s) 
18. 
Have there been any regulatory actions taken against any companies that you own or owned 
shares/stocks or you have a five percent interest in? OYes X No 
If yes, state regulatory action taken, the date and country or state that issued regulatory action. 
19. 
Do members of your family own any shares of stock in the company? OYes X No 
If yes, list persons. 
20. 
What type of businesses are using your services? 
It is anticipated that SCI will service high net worth individuals. 
21. 
How do you screen your clients to ensure that the source of funds is coming from legitimate 
sources? 
SCI will use utilize standard KYC and AML practices to ensure that funds are coming from legitimate 
sources. 
22. 
What Anti-Money laundering controls does your business have in place to screen potential clients 
and are your employees knowledgeable of those controls? 
5049 Kongens Gade, St. Thomas, VI 00802-6487 •Tel: 
•Fax: 
1131 King Street, Suite 101. Christiansted. V100820 • Tel: 
• Fax: 
Page 5 of 9 
EFTA00809064
--- PAGE 6 ---
RENEWAL APPLICATION FOR LICENSURE OF 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES ENTITY 
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 
See Appendix 3. 
23. 
What type of documents do you require from prospective clients when they are opening an account 
at your company? 
See Appendix 3. 
24. 
If conducting money services business, in what jurisdictions have you previously operated a money 
transmitter service? 
N/A 
25. 
Please provide the reasons for leaving the previous jurisdiction(s)? 
N/A 
26. 
Were there any examinations conducted by any regulatory agency of your previous business? If so, 
what were the overall results of these examinations? 
N/A 
27. 
What challenges did you encounter in these previous location(s)? 
N/A 
28. 
Have you encountered similar challenges in the Virgin Islands? Why or why not? 
N/A 
29. 
What are the sources of revenue for operating your company and/or making loans? 
None to date. 
30. 
Are there any plans to expand the services offered to current and prospective clients? If so, please 
explain the future expansion of your services. 
Not at this time. 
31. 
What other business operations are you involved with as an owner and/or shareholder? Explain the 
nature of your involvement. 
5049 Kongens Gade, St. Thomas, VI 00802-6487 •Tel: 
•Fax: 
1131 King Street, Suite 101, Christiansted, VI 00820 • Tel: 
• Fax: 
Page 6 of 9 
EFTA00809065
--- PAGE 7 ---
RENEWAL APPLICATION FOR LICENSURE OF 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES ENTITY 
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL LTD. 
SCI does not own and is not a shareholder in any other business operations, [however Mr. Epstein, the 
sole shareholder of SCI, is the owner of Southern Trust Company. Inc. and is an investor in American 
Yacht Harbor.1 
32. 
List the five largest loans that your company have made to clients? When are these loans made? 
What entity are guaranteeing these transactions? 
N/A. 
33. 
Please describe the type of disclosures that are being provided to your clients about your services 
(for example interest rates etc.). 
N/A 
34. 
If you are conducting lending activities, please provide the type of businesses you are lending to? 
N/A 
35. 
How do you market your products? 
All clients will be referral based only and SCI will not market to the public. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: 
Submit herewith as part of this renewal application the following documents: 
A. Annual fee of $75,000 made payable to the Government of the Virgin Islands, and an additional 
annual fee of $10,000 shall be paid by the IFSE once the IFSE has exceeded $1,000,000 in annual 
net income. 
B. Certificate of Good Standing from the Division of Corporations and Trademarks. 
C. Tax Clearance Letter. 
D. A copy of the report of its condition and results of operations executed by its chief financial 
officer as of the last day of each quarter of the year, in the form prescribed by the Banking 
Board, within thirty (30) days after the close of each quarter. See IFSE Regulation Section 729-
for further information. 
E. Copy of the Company's audited financial statement prepared by a certified public accountant, 
licensed to practice in the Virgin Islands pursuant to Section 729. 
5049 Kongens Gade, St. Thomas, VI 00802-6487 •Tel: 
•Fax: 
1131 King Street, Suite 101, Christiansted, VI 00820 • Tel: 
• Fax: 
Page 7 of 9 
EFTA00809066
--- PAGE 8 ---
RENEWAL APPLICATION FOR LICENSURE OF 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES ENTITY 
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 
F. Evidence that the capital of the International Financial Services Entity has been subscribed to, 
issued and paid-in in the amount of $500,000, to the extent and under such condition as the 
Banking Board may establish at the Board's sole discretion. 
G. Evidence that the Company has unencumbered assets of $ 300,000. 
5049 Kongens Gade, St. Thomas, VI 00802-6487 •Tel: 
•Fax: 
1131 King Street, Suite 101, Christiansted, VI 00820 • Tel: 
• Fax:
Page 8 of 9 
EFTA00809067
--- PAGE 9 ---
RENEWAL APPLICATION FOR LICENSURE OF 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES ENTITY 
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 
This renewal application is an official document and any misrepresentation or failure to reveal 
information requested by the Chairman of the Banking Board may be deemed to be sufficient cause 
for the denial or revocation of a license. 
I 
j ecAre 
ereitkin 
 THE UNDERSIGNED, BEING DULY SWORN ACCORDING TO LAW 
AND UNDER tHE PENALTIES OF PERJURY, STATE THAT THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THIS 
APPLICATION IS TRUE AND CORRECT AND THAT ALL ESTIMATES GIVEN TRUE ESTIMATES 
BASED UPON FACTS WHICH HAVE BEEN CAREFULLY CONSIDERED AND ASSESSED. 
Name 
Signature 
Date:  l al 4 l 17 
QM) 
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of iNerreeNT(20 11  • 
thdrte 
Notary Public 
C
State of:  NeL6 4(%r l. 
Commission expires on: 10 \ 114 j'?' 
HAMM AVOW 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV63131 I6 
Qualified In Richmond County 
My Commission Expires October 14, 2018 
5049 Kongens Gade, St. Thomas, VI 00802-6487 'Tel: 
Fax: 
1131 King Street, Suite 101, Christiansted. VI 00820 • Tel: 
• Fax: 
Page 9 of 9 
EFTA00809068
--- PAGE 10 ---
Southern Country International, Ltd. 
(formerly Financial Strategy Group, Ltd.) 
Balance Sheets 
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016 
ASSETS 
Current Meats 
Checking/Savings 
2017 
2018 
First Bank account 
435.880 
487.544 
Total Checking/Savings 
438.800 
467.544 
Total Current Assets 
438.880 
487.544 
Property and Equipment 
Capitalized fees 
14,000 
14.000 
Legal and startup costs 
20,851 
20.651 
Accumulated amortization 
-8.863 
4.353 
Total Intangible Assets 
25.985 
28.298 
Total Property and Equipment 
25.988 
28,298 
TOTAL ASSETS 
484.868 
498842 
LIABILITIES 8 EQUITY 
Equity 
Common Stock. 100,000 shares. 55 par value, authorized, Issued and outstanding 
500.000 
500.000 
Additional paid in capital 
34.682 
34,862 
Retained Earnings 
-38820 
-25.838 
Net Loss 
-30874 
-12.984 
Total Equity 
464,868 
495842 
TOTAL LIABILITIES & EQUITY 
464 68 
192ed. 
I, Jeffrey Epstein, President of Southern Country International, Ltd., do affirm that, 
to the best of my knowledge, the information provided above is true and correct, and that 
Southern Country In 
avona 
td. has complied with 
ei
reilulrements of the Act and 
and the accomp 
ying rules regul ions. 
EFTA00809069
--- PAGE 11 ---
Southern Country International, Ltd. 
(formerly Financial Strategy Group, Ltd.) 
Profit And Loss 
For the Years Ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 
Jan - Dec 17 
Jan - Dec 16 
Income 
Expense 
Amortization expense 
2.310 
2.310 
8.O. E Territorial Scholarship 
20.000 
Franchise tax 
750 
750 
Legal and professional 
2.914 
4.530 
Fees 
5.000 
5.000 
Office expense 
394 
Total Expense 
30,974 
934 
Not income(loss) 
.30,974 
.12.984 
EFTA00809070
--- PAGE 12 ---
Southern Country International, Ltd. 
(formerly Financial Strategy Group, Ltd.) 
Balance Sheets 
As of the Quarter Ended 
ASSETS 
Current Assets 
checkIngtSavings 
taw 31.17 
Jun30.17 
SW 30 17
On 31 17 
First Bank eccoent 
455.512 
454.272 
453.380 
438450 
Tout Checking/Savings 
455.512 
454.272 
453.00 
438.860 
Tool Current Asset 
455.512 
454.272 
453380 
413.830 
Property s0d Equipment 
Ceplultzed fees 
14.603 
4.000 
14.000 
14.000 
Legal and sunup costs 
20.651 
20.651 
20.651 
20.651 
Accumulated amen/aeon 
.6.353 
4.353 
4.353 
4.633 
Tow Intangible Meets 
23.205 
28260 
28.269 
25.968 
Total Property and Equipment 
20.298 
26296 
28.295 
25.981 
TOTAL ASSETS 
wallies a eaurn 
463)110 
487.570 
42.176 
444.868 
Equity 
C-0.1.1110,141.00c 100.000 thirst 85 Par YOU*. 400.hOriztel. stiled end oubtanding 
500.033 
500.000 
500.400 
500.000 
A06.50,111 paid In 4 aqui 
34.652 
34.882 
34,652 
3.682 
Retained Earnings 
-35613 
.33.520 
-38.820 
.38.82C 
Nil LOSS 
.12.032 
43.272 
-'3,664 
•32174 
Toga Equity 
433.610 
452.670 
48g178 
464.865 
TOTAL LIABILITIES & EQUITY 
483.610 
412.570 
452.175 
464.865 
EFTA00809071
--- PAGE 13 ---
Southern Country International, Ltd. 
(formerly Financial Strategy Group, Ltd.) 
Profit and Loss 
For the Quarter Ended 
TOTAL 
Jan-Mar 1T 
Jen -Mar 16 
Apt • Jun 1? 
Apr • Jun113 
Jul- Sep 17 
Jul - Sep 16 
Oct -Dee 17 
8k1 • 044 18
Jan • Dee 17 
Jan DOC 16
Income 
Damns* 
Amortisation groom* 
2.310 
2.310 
2,310 
2,310 
B.O. E TOMS:Mal Scholarship 
10,000 
10,030 
20.000 
Franchise lax 
750 
750 
750 
750 
Legal and professional lees 
2032 
3.648 
490 
294 
392 
441 
147 
2,914 
4.530 
Fees 
5.000 
5.000 
5,000 
5.000 
°Mee expense 
394 
394 
TOW Expense 
12,032 
3,646 
1,240 
1.438 
392 
441 
17,310 
7.457 
30,974 
17.984 
Hot lnconttss) 
iTUT 
-3646 
-1.436 
492 
441 
-17.310 
4,457 
.30,974 
W
.984 
4me,= 
mo= 
EFTA00809072
--- PAGE 14 ---
APPENDIX 1 
BUSINESS PLAN 
Southern Country International, Ltd. ("SCI") is an International Financial Services Entity ("IFSE") 
in the St. Thomas - St. John District, incorporated in the U.S. Virgin Islands and wholly-owned by 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein. SCI's sole office and headquarters are located at American Yacht Harbor, 6100 
Red Hook Quarter, Suite 3B, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. SCI will provide the following lines of 
business and services while ensuring that, except as specifically indicated below, none of the financial 
undertakings are granted to domestic persons (i.e., residents of the U.S. Virgin Islands): 
1. SCI may make, arrange, guarantee, secure, bond, or service loans, or other financial 
undertakings. 
2. SCI may engage in financial and business management services; 
3. SCI may make commercial loans in excess of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) to U.S. 
Virgin Islands borrowers that (i) have been rejected, or not approved within thirty (30) days 
from submission, by any U.S. Virgin Islands financial institution; or (ii) bear interest at an 
interest rate of not less than five percentage points above the Federal Home Loan Mortgage 
Corporation's posted yield on the last business day of the month on a thirty (30) year standard 
conventional fixed rate mortgage; 
4. SCI may make capital contributions in excess of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) to U.S. 
Virgin Islands business entities in the U.S. Virgin Islands; 
5. SCI may carry out banking transactions permitted by this chapter in the currency of any 
country, or in gold or silver, and participate in foreign currency trade; 
6. SCI may underwrite, issue, distribute, and otherwise deal in securities, notes, debt, 
instruments, drafts, and bills of exchange, issued by SCI, or by a foreign person, for final 
purchase by a person outside of the U.S. Virgin Islands; 
7. SCI may buy and sell securities and non-life insurance annuities for clients outside the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, and provide investment advice in relation to such transactions or separate 
therefrom, to such persons, and in addition offer these services and products to the 
Government of the U.S. Virgin Islands and any of its instrumentalities, agencies, and 
investment vehicles; and 
8. SCI may organize, manage, and provide management services to international financial 
entities, such as investment companies and mutual funds, on the condition that the stock or 
participation in the capital of such companies is not distributed directly by the IBE to 
domestic persons, and with prior authorization from the Director, provide to other IBEs or 
to foreign persons or entities outside of the Virgin Islands, those services of financial nature, 
as these are defined and generally accepted in the banking industry of the United States and 
the US. Virgin Islands. 
EFTA00809073
--- PAGE 15 ---
SCI may initially focus on the following lines of business: 
I . Insurance of non-Virgin Islands risk; 
2. Financing of swap transactions and collateralized loan obligations; 
3. Other derivative type transactions; 
4. Venture capital; 
5. Merchant banking; and 
6. Wealth management. 
SCI's initial industry focus on venture capital and merchant banking facilities will target companies in 
the health and sciences. SCI anticipates providing private equity for start-up and small business sector 
clients. Private equity will be provided as capital in the form of debt financing, share ownership, and 
long-term equity with IPO and M & A exit strategies. Private investment companies therefore play a 
critical role in the global capital markets by providing sources of capital and liquidity to growing 
business. But beyond capital, they provide operational support, strategic guidance, relationship and 
networking capabilities, and governance support all aimed at maximizing their investment. They take a 
long-term perspective on investing and understand that allocating capital requires a rigorous and 
disciplined approach, and that true value creation comes from providing products or services that 
possess a unique value proposition in the market. Investment in businesses provides new and better 
jobs, improved products and services that drive more competition, which in turn improves quality and 
reduces costs to the end consumer. 
EFTA00809074
--- PAGE 16 ---
APPENDIX 2 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
EFTA00809075
--- PAGE 17 ---
APPENDIX 3 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING POLICY & PROCEDURES 
This policy has been adopted by SCI in recognition of SCI's obligations under the USA PATRIOT 
Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, other related money laundering regulations, and the requirements of the 
United States Virgin Islands Division of Banking, Insurance and Financial Regulation. 
SCI will appoint and maintain an and-money laundering program administrator that is responsible for 
coordinating and monitoring day-to-day compliance with the all the federal and state laws relating to 
money laundering. It is the responsibility of the program administrator to coordinate and monitor 
day-to-day compliance with the detection and prevention of money laundering, including the training 
of SCI's employees. The management and staff of SCI are committed to implementing policies and 
procedures that assist us in detecting and preventing money laundering or other illegal activities 
conducted through transactions with SCI. 
THE MONEY LAUNDERING PROCESS 
Money laundering is the criminal practice of filtering ill-gotten gains or "dirty" money through a maze 
or series of transactions, so the funds are "cleaned" to look like proceeds from legal activities. Money 
laundering does not have to involve cash at every stage of the laundering process. Any transaction 
conducted with a bank might constitute money laundering. Although money laundering is a diverse 
and often complex process, it involves three independent steps that can occur simultaneously: 
• Placement The process of placing, through deposits or other means, unlawful cash proceeds into 
traditional financial institutions. 
▪ Layering: The process of separating the proceeds of criminal activity from their origin through the 
use of layers of complex financial transactions, such as converting cash into traveler's checks, money 
orders, wire transfers, letters of credit, stocks, bonds, or purchasing valuable assets, such as art or 
jewelry. 
Integration: The process of using an apparently legitimate transaction to disguise the illicit proceeds, 
allowing the laundered funds to be disbursed back to the criminal. Different types of financial 
transactions, such as sham loans or false import/export invoices, can be used. 
POTENTIAL INDICATORS OF MONEY LAUNDERING 
A few of the identifiable areas of vulnerability that banks and other depository institutions should be 
aware of include: 
• Structured currency deposits to individual checking accounts, often well below the typical levels for 
structuring, with multiple daily deposits to multiple accounts at different branches of the same bank 
on the same day. 
• Consumer checking accounts that are used for a period of time and then become dormant. In some 
cases, the accounts may have become overdrawn, perhaps as a further means of avoiding detection. 
• Personal checking accounts opened by foreign nationals who come to the bank together. 
EFTA00809076
--- PAGE 18 ---
• Multiple accounts opened on the same day or held by the same foreign nationals at various banks. 
• Increases in the frequency or amounts of currency deposits made by U.S. business accountholders 
who export to Colombia. 
• Suspicious transactions that might be linked to a common scheme. It may also be helpful to develop 
a dialogue with other financial institution representatives in your area to share ideas and exchange 
information. 
Criminals can also use loan applications for money laundering purposes. This is especially the case 
when money launderers wish to invest proceeds of crime in real estate. Certain factors should attract 
the attention of financial institutions, such as: 
• 
A credit application followed by premature repayment of the money withdrawn; 
• 
Repayment of a mortgage loan by means of transfers or deposits in cash disproportionate to 
the official earnings of the parties involved is also suspicious; and 
• 
Transactions linked to tax havens, offshore centers, or non-cooperative countries and 
territories. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING DETECTION AND PREVENTION PROCEDURES 
Enhanced Due Diligence Account Opening Procedures 
Prudent banking practices require that financial institutions know the normal and routine activities of 
their customers to better serve the customers' banking needs. Additionally, in the U.S. banking 
environment, the USA PATRIOT Act requires financial institutions to take reasonable steps to ensure 
knowledge of bank customers' normal and routine business activities. At SCI, these facts present us 
with many challenges, as many of our customers generally do not have a routine activity. This section 
of our anti-money laundering policy sets forth SCI's procedures to identify customers when opening 
accounts, including deposit, loan, and non-deposit accounts such as safe deposit boxes; to identify 
customers and non-customers wiring money and purchasing monetary instruments; and to identify 
activities that arc suspicious. Through the provisions of this policy, each employee should make an 
effort to get to know customers that they interact with on a routine or a one-time basis. 
Procedures to Open Consumer Accounts 
This procedure applies to checking, savings, certificates of deposits, and safe deposit box accounts. 
The Applicant will obtain and maintain in the customer's file the following information: (If the 
employee opening the account does not obtain certain information, they must document the reason 
in the customer file.) 
I. Social security number or alien identification number (from U.S. residents); 
2. Verification of acceptable identification (e.g., driver's license, state issued photo identification, 
passport, national identity card for nonresident aliens, etc.); 
3. Verification of address of residence; 
EFTA00809077
--- PAGE 19 ---
4. Estimation of anticipated account activity and customer's income source and/or profession; 
5. Consideration of the source of funds to open the account; 
6. Information obtained from service bureaus to determine whether a customer has been reported for 
overdrawing accounts, potentially conducting check kiting schemes, etc.; 
7. Comparison of the customer with the OFAC and other government lists as directed by our federal 
regulator and law enforcement; 
8. Third-party references; verification services; and telephone, web site, and reverse directories; and 
9. Other account relationships. 
Procedures to Open Business/Commercial Accounts 
SCI will obtain and maintain, in a central customer file, the following information for all types of 
business/commercial accounts: 
1. Taxpayer identification (ID) number and legal name of business (if applicable); 
2. Verification of legal status; 
3. Verification of identification for principals, their addresses, phone numbers, and if applicable, 
taxpayer IDs (Please note that SCI's employee personally knowing the customer is not verification of 
the ID. While that form of verification may satisfy state rules for identity, it does not meet the federal 
regulators' standards.); 
4. Verification of the location of the business. (Please note that this may be documented by a referral 
from a calling officer or by other means such as a later visit to the business in the first months of the 
relationship.); 
5. Estimate of anticipated account activity; 
6. Source of funds to open account; 
7. For large businesses, financial statements and a list of the firm's major suppliers and customers; 
8. A description of the principal line of business and all types of business operations it engages in; 
9. Information from service bureaus to determine the company's previous checking account history; 
10. Comparison of the customer with the OFAC and other government lists as directed by our federal 
regulator and law enforcement; 
11. Third-party references; and 
EFTA00809078
--- PAGE 20 ---
12. Other, the Applicant's account relationships. 
ONGOING REVIEW OF CURRENT CUSTOMERS AND NONCUSTOMERS AGAINST 
GOVERNMENT LISTS 
SCI's policy and procedures for complying with the rules of the Office of Foreign Assets Control 
(OFAC) is outlined in our separate OFAC policy. 
MONITORING FOR SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY 
Management and the anti-money laundering program administrator will ensure that the following 
reports are monitored for suspicious activity and that employees with the duty to monitor these reports 
receive adequate internal and external training on detecting money laundering and other illegal activity. 
LI Suspect kite reports. These reports identify excessive activity in accounts and should also be reviewed 
for cash activity. The account profile of an account used for money laundering can be similar to that 
of an account used for check kiting: high volume of activity, matching deposits and withdrawals, and 
low average balances in relation to activity. 
LI Demand deposit action). reports. These reports covet all customer and employee accounts. They 
generally show daily balances and accumulate deposits and withdrawals over a thirty (30) day period. 
These reports may be reviewed manually or management may establish a threshold for certain types 
of accounts and then review only the exceptions. 
LI Luse transaction nports. This report will be set at an amount lower than Ten Thousand Dollars 
($10,000.00) so that SCI's employees can identify customers who may be structuring transactions to 
avoid CTR reporting or who have unusual activity in their accounts. 
LI Incoming and outgoing wire transfer logs. These logs identify transfers of funds out of the country or to 
remote banks, transfers funded by cashier's checks or money orders in amounts under the CTR filing 
threshold, and other suspicious activity of both noncustomers and accountholders. 
Ooerdraft reports. This report can be used to assist management to discover whether a previously 
"good" customer — either individual or commercial — is suddenly having financial problems. 
U Commercial service charge analysis reports. Management is directed to establish thresholds for these 
reports to monitor a change in your commercial customers' balances, checking, deposit, or currency 
transactions. Changes in account activity may only mean the company is getting more successful, 
however management is directed to have these reports reviewed by an objective employee. Although 
the reviewer may need to discuss the account with the relationship officer, that person should not be 
the last word on whether the activity in the account is suspicious. 
▪ Delinquent loan reports. Although these reports generally get special attention, management is directed 
to pay close attention when delinquent loans are suddenly "cured" with no reasonable explanation in 
the file. Loan officers must be able to explain a sudden pay-off of seriously delinquent accounts. 
Expired collateral insurance :sports. These reports for personal property and real estate loans are usually 
the first sign that something is wrong with our loan. Management is directed to instruct operations 
EFTA00809079
--- PAGE 21 ---
staff to notify a supervisor or loan officer immediately when a new loan customer fails to purchase 
initial insurance or renew existing insurance for the collateral, instead of waiting for the notice letters 
to go out. Whether this is "suspicious" or not depends on what other information we have about this 
customer. 
LI Hold notice: for Regulation CC. Management is directed to train operations or customer service staff 
to notify a supervisor or officer when they hold an unusual check (i.e., in amount or in the location of 
the drawee bank) on a customer's account for the rust time. 
SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY REPORTING 
If any of SCI's employees become aware of or suspects criminal activity by either SCI's customers or 
employees, he or she should promptly report the matter to the anti-money laundering program 
administrator. The anti-money laundering program administrator will promptly investigate the matter 
further to determine whether to report the suspicious activity to the Federal Reserve Bank. The 
investigation will be based on a review of the facts, as submitted by the employee, and a discussion 
with the supervisors in charge of the affected areas. 
Supporting Documentation for the SAR 
Except for certain spreadsheets allowed by Financial Crimes Enforcement Network's (FinCEN) e-file 
system, we will not include supporting documentation with a Suspicious Activity Report (SAR) when 
it is submitted to FinCEN, but will maintain all documentation that supports the facts and 
circumstances of the report in the SAR file either in hard-copy, on computer disk or CD, or on relevant 
software. 
Maintaining Accounts After a SAR Has Been Filed 
The decision whether or not we will keep an account opened after a SAR has been filed will be made 
by the President, and may be made on a case-by-case basis. We will document the decision either to 
close or keep open the account in the SAR file. 
If a law enforcement agency requests that we maintain a particular account, we will ask for the request 
to be submitted in writing from a federal law enforcement agency; it should be issued by a supervisory 
agent or by an attorney within a United States Attorney's Office or another office of the Department 
of Justice. If a federal or local law enforcement agency requests that an account be maintained, then 
we will obtain a written request from a supervisor of the state or local law enforcement agency or 
from an attorney within our state or local prosecutor's office. 
The written request should indicate that the agency has requested that we maintain the account and 
the purpose of the request. For example, if a state or local law enforcement agency is requesting that 
we maintain the account for purposes of monitoring, the written request should include a statement 
to that effect. The request should also indicate the duration for the request. The initial request should 
not exceed six (6) months. However, law enforcement may make additional requests for the 
maintenance of the same account after the expiration of the initial request. 
Although there is no recordkeeping requirement under the Bank Secrecy Act for this type of 
correspondence, we will maintain documentation of such requests for at least five (5) years after the 
EFTA00809080
--- PAGE 22 ---
request has expired. If we are aware — through a subpoena, 314(a) request, national security letter 
(NSL), or similar communication — that an account is under investigation, we will notify law 
enforcement before making any decision regarding the status of the account. 
Confidentiality 
The and-money laundering program administrator, and any other staff, including outside counsel 
aware of SAR related matters, will keep all information related to such matters confidential. SARs are 
also confidential. Any person subpoenaed or otherwise requested to disclose a SAR or the information 
contained in a SAR shall decline to produce the information. 
If SCI determines it is necessary to report a suspected illegal activity to local law enforcement 
authorities, the anti-money laundering program administrator will carefully review all known facts. 
SARs will only be filed when there is a reasonable basis for believing that a specific crime has occurred, 
is occurring, or may occur. Such reports will be filed with local agencies, other than United States 
Virgin Islands Division of Banking, Insurance & Financial Regulation, subject to the provisions of the 
Right to Financial Privacy Act. 
TRAINING 
The anti-money laundering program administrator will conduct or arrange for annual meetings with 
SCI's personnel who handle currency to keep them informed of any new changes to the Bank Secrecy 
Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, or other related laws and updates to our anti-money laundering 
procedures. It is also the responsibility of the anti-money laundering program' administrator to train 
all employees at the time of their initial employment. Additional meetings or other training will be 
held as necessary to address issues that arise in the interim that must be addressed during the year. 
Training may be conducted through presentations at a meeting, circulation of memoranda or other 
written materials, or any other appropriate manner. A copy of all materials presented or circulated 
shall be retained by the anti-money laundering program administrator along with a written record of 
attendance or receipt by the Applicant's personnel. 
At least once per year, the anti-money laundering program administrator will attend one (1) external 
training session relating to the Bank Secrecy Act, fraud detection, or money laundering. 
AUDIT PROCEDURES/INDEPENDENT TESTING 
At least once each year, an independent audit of the procedures detailed in this policy will be 
conducted by an external auditor. 
Results of the audit will be reported to the President and the anti-money laundering program 
administrator. It is the responsibility of the anti-money laundering program administrator to take 
appropriate action to correct any problems found as a result of the audit and respond to the audit 
committee. 
EFTA00809081

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809082.pdf
----------------------------------------
SD
satcom direct. 
SATCOM DIRECT 
Pricing Proposal 
Plan D LLC 
Gulfstream G550 
s/n 5173 
N415LM 
Page 1 of 8 
This doommt It comickmed Sattom DINO. Int. preprtylury Inkonnatke. produbed, or ellstrIbubtd with 
exclusive rights to Satoom Direct be. Neither this document roe its contents shell ho reproduced or 
&dosed toe WM perry wklyut the express written consent of Setcom Olrect, Inc. 
EFTA00809082
--- PAGE 2 ---
SD 
To: 
Plan D LLC 
Larry Visoski 
satcom direct., 
Please see the following Overview of Satcom Direct Services, Plans, and Capabilities: 
Quote Date: Dec 13,2017 
Expiry Date: Jan 12, 2018 
Quote Number 
SD 10341 
Revision Number 
Aircraft Manufacturer 
Customer Aircraft Summary 
Aircraft Type 
Serial Number 
Tail 
Gulf stream 
6550 
5173 
N415LM 
Service Summary 
Inmarsat Jet ConneX Ka Internet 
Service Plan and Configuration: 
Plan Name 
MB Allotment 
MB Rollover limit 
Downlink MIR (Mbps) 
Downlink CIR (Mbps) 
Uplink MIR (Mbps) 
Uplink CIR (Mbps) 
MIR. Maximum Information Rate 
CIR. Committed Information Rate 
AeroV Enabled 
Minimum Overage Purchase 
Overage Price 
Service Cost 
SD-JX40-2yr-PPD 
4068 / Month 
2068 / Month 
7.7 Mbps 
2.6 Mbps 
Mbps 
0.6 Mbps 
No 
20.068 
59,000.00 
See Page 3 for Breakdown 
Inmarsat let ConneX Ka and the SD Advantage for your aircraft: 
Jet ConneX (DI) is Inmarsat's latest and most advanced Ka-band satellite 
communications service with speeds up to 15 Mbps. With IX through Satcom Direct, 
you will experience the fastest 'Might internet connection available in the World 
today! JX is the first truly global satellite high-speed broadband internet, enabling 
you to stream videos, watch live television, and download large files fast —just like in 
your home or office! 
The SD Advantage 
Satcom Directs innovative technology enhances the IX service to function with 
maximum efficiency and effectiveness, making the best use of the connection. Our 
exclusive services, such as AeroXR, allow you to maximize your bandwidth bringing 
you the best let ConneX experience! 
Jet ConneX Plan Options 
Downlink 
Uplink 
Plan Name 
Monthly Data Allowance 
Maximum Data Rollover 
(PR / MIR1 
(CIR/MIR) 
JX-30 
GB 
15.0 GB 
1.5/4.6 Mbps 
0.4 /0.7 Mbps 
JX-35 
GB 
17.5 GB 
2.0 / 6.1 Mbps 
0.5/0.9 Mbps 
JX-40 
GB 
20.0 GB 
2.6 / 7.7 Mbps 
0.6 /1.0 Mbps 
JX-45 
GB 
22.5 GB 
3.1/ 9.3 Mbps 
0.8 /1.0 Mbps 
JX-95 
GB 
47.5 GB 
6.0/15.0 Mbps 
0.8/1.0 Mbps 
Page 2 of g 
Mit document is pinniiined Satcom Open, Inc. proprietary Informalinn, produced, or distributed with 
exclusive rights to Silicon, Direct, Inc. Neither this document nor its contents shall be reproduced or 
disclosed to a third party without the express written consent of Satcom Direct, Inc. 
EFTA00809083
--- PAGE 3 ---
SD satcom direct., 
Please see the following itemized pricing for one-time, monthly, annual and two-year rate plans: 
Quote Date: Dec 13,2017 
Expiry Date: Jan 12, 2018 
Quote Number 
SD-10341 
Revision Number 
Customer Aircraft Summary 
Aircraft Manufacturer 
Aircraft Type 
Serial Number 
Tail 
Gulf stream 
6550 
5173 
N415LM 
One-Time Service Pricing 
Service Type 
In-Flight Internet Activation Charges 
Inmarsat let ConneX Ka 
Service Price 
$500.00 
$500.00 
One-Time Service Total 
$500.00 
jetConneX Pricing Options 
Annual Pre-Payments on a 2-Year Agreement (Month 1; Month 13) (per tail) 
let forme% Ka-Band: SD-JX40 2yr Agreement with Annual Pre-Payment 
SD Cyber Security Solutions: Firewall 
- Providing threat intelligence and active monitoring for all customer traffic 
across SD APN (Access Point Name) 
- Protects against known cyber security risks using enhanced threat analysis 
and prevention solutions, including: AntiVirus; Modern Malware Protection; Threat Intelligence. 
- This is a default offering that is required for all Ka/Ku customers. Customer may choose to opt out 
Advanced Connectivity Bundle - Inicudes Standard and Advanced Packages 
Standard Package 
Advanced Package 
Global One Number (GOI 
Hardware Warranty 
Alerts and Notifications 
Global VT 
SD Cabin 
Entry Into Service 
Connectivity Status 
SD Flight Tracker 
AeroXR 
FlightDeck Freedom 
Global One IP 
Advanced Connectivity 
Tier-1 SLA 
AeroCNCT 
Tier-2 SLA 
Effective Monthly Rate 
$15,100.00 
Effective Monthly Rate 
$795.00 
of this service. 
Effective Monthly Rate 
$1,000.00 
Annual Pre-Payment 
$181,200.00 
Annual Pre-Payment 
$9,540.00 
Annual Pre-Payment 
$12,000.00 
Annual Service Pricing 
$202,740.00 
Page 3 off} 
Thk document is considered Satrom Direct, Inc. peopriebre infOrmatkel.ProdeCedi or distributed with 
exclusive rights to Sitcom Direct. Inc. Neither this document no, it, contents shell be reproduced or 
disclosed to a third party without the express written consent of Saloom Direct, Inc. 
EFTA00809084
--- PAGE 4 ---
SD satcom direct.
Advanced Connectivity SD Pro Module 
Available January 1st 
Quote Date: Dec 13,2017 
Expiry Date: Jan 12, 2018 
Quote Number 
SD-10341 
Revision Number 
Cyber Security Firewall SD Pro Module 
we 4 of 8 
This document it (casiered Satcom Direct, Inc. proprietary information. produced. or distributed with 
exilusiye rights to Satcom Direct, Inc. Neither this document nor its contents shall be reproduced or 
disclosed to a third party without the snipes. written consent of Saban Direct. Inc. 
EFTA00809085
--- PAGE 5 ---
SD PRO° 
Integrated Flight Operations Management Platform 
Keep your flight department in-sync with the aircraft. SD's revolutionary SD Pro technology compiles the critical information your flight department needs 
and displays it in real-time, all from a single login. Your flight operations team can access multiple resources from their personalized SD Pro dashboard, 
saving time and effort. Whether you have one aircraft or an entire fleet, SD Pro helps manage it better. 
• One fully integrated platform, saving time and effort 
• Web-based and scalable for different devices 
• A single access point for all of the functions listed below 
• Syncs the aircraft with flight ops in real-time 
• Customizable interface with simple drag and drop format 
Module 
Description 
Dashboard 
The dashboard is designed to be customized to fit the needs of each member of the flight department. Each team 
member can configure their personal dashboard to present them with the modules and information that are required to 
perform their duties. 
Connectivity 
Displays connectivity status for all services, provides usage alerts and notifications, and tracks voice and data usage by 
month, flight and duration. Reports can be downloaded for offline analysis and distribution. 
Cyber Threat Monitoring 
Real-time view of network security, potential threats, identified incidents, and actions SD has taken to protect data. 
Access every feature previously only available in the FDF Portal Application for easier self-service of all configuration 
FlightDeck Freedom• (FDF) 
items, alerts, messages and notifications. Send messages to the datalink display unit, view and download historical 
datalink messages. 
SD Hardware 
Support 
Shows status of the onboard SD Hardware including available networks and connection status as it automatically 
switches between providers. Tracks device connectivity and usage, also available via the SDR mobile application. SD 
Hardware is a powerful source of aircraft data, enabling the full functionality of SD Pro. 
Access 24/7 support team, view the SD Pro Users Guide, support documents, service forms and schedule Entry into 
Service (EIS) on-site training and technical support. 
SD Flight Tracker 
Real-time flight tracking including departures, destinations, ETA, altitude, and speed information. At-a-glance status view 
shows weather overlays including NEXRAD and worldwide satellite imagery. 
Trip Support 
Connects to Universal Weather and Aviation, Inc. trip planning and trip support services via a web-based version of 
uvGO. 
Page S of a 
This document It tOnticterod Satcom Direct, Inc. acquit/4'Y Information. Produced, or distributed with 
exclusive right' to Satcom Direct. Inc. Neither this document nor its contents shall be reproduced or 
disclosed to a third party without the express written COMillt of Satcom Direct, Inc. 
EFTA00809086
--- PAGE 6 ---
SD satcom direct. 
Quote Date: Dec 13,2017 
Expiry Date: Jan 12, 2018 
Quote Number 
SD-10341 
Revision Number 
Aircraft Manufacturer 
Customer Aircraft Summary 
Aircraft Type 
Serial Number 
Tail 
Gulfstream 
G550 
5173 
Nit15LM 
SD Cyber Security Solutions: Firewall 
Satcom Direct views cyber security with the utmost importance and for this reason, the SD Cyber Security Solution: Firewall will automatically 
be activated with your Jet ConneX subscription for an added layer of virus/malware protection to your aircraft. You have the option to opt out 
of this cyber security protection. To opt out of this protective service, please check the opt out box and initial, affirming you do not wish to 
receive the added SD Cyber Security Solution: 
Check Box to OPT OUT 
Initial:  
 I acknowledge the benefits of SD Cyber Security Solution: Firewall and wish to opt-out from this protective offering. 
Customer Acknowledgement 
I hereby certify that l am, or I am duly authorized by the Customer to sign this proposal and the information in this proposal is correct and true. 
I agree that a facsimile or electronic copy hereof will be valid and binding for 
purposes. In order to assist Sotcom Direct, Inc. or its affiliates 
or subsidiaries (collectively, "SD") in establishing o line of credit I authorize SD to obtain credit reports and other documentation from third 
parties! understand that SD's acceptance of this proposal is contingent upon SD's satisfaction with the credit review, and that SD may 
terminate service without further notice within thirty (30) days of this proposal if SD is not satisfied with my credit. 1 further understand and 
agree that, except as otherwise agreed by SD in writing, the Services and/or Equipment requested in this proposal will be provided by SD 
pursuant to the SD Terms and Conditions available at 
(as 
amended from time to time). 
Printed Nome and Title 
Signature 
Dote 
Thls document Is considered %teem Direct, Inc. proprietary littOrmation, produced, or distributed with 
exclusive rights to Satcom Direct, Inc. Neither this document nor its contents shall be reproduced or 
disclosed to a third party without the express written consent or Satcom Direct. Inc. 
EFTA00809087
--- PAGE 7 ---
SD
satcom direct. 
✓age / of s 
This document is considered Satcom Direct, Inc. peopoetary information, produced, or datnbuted with 
aulmiva rights to Salton °erect. Inc. Neither this document nor its contents shell be reproduced or 
druliseed to a third parry without the express written consent of Satcom Direct, Inc 
EFTA00809088
--- PAGE 8 ---
SD
satcom direct. 
Quote Date: Dec 13,2017 
Expiry Date: Jan 12, 2018 
Quote Number 
SD-10341 
Revision Number 
Activation 
All activations will be completed within 3 business days. 
Special Note: Iridium with Aircell SIM Cards 
A Subscriber Service Agreement (SSA) will be requested from Aircell by SD. Upon receiving this form, please select SD as the Billing Agent. This will enable you to 
have a Global One Number, a Plane Simple account for managing your aircraft, and 24/7 Support. 
Contact Information 
Regional Sales Manager 
Thomas Carling 
Southeast Sales Manager 
Inside Sales Representative 
Steve West 
Great Lakes & Southeast Sales 
Satcom Direct Headquarters 
1050 Satcom Lane 
Melbourne, FL 32940 
United States of Al= 
Terms and Conditions 
This quotation is subject to Satcom Direct, Inc.'s Terms and Conditions for Use and Sale of Services & Equipment, available at: 
https://www.satcomdirect.com/mainidocs/ csa/pdf/terms-and-conditions-for-use-and-sale-of-seivices-and-equipment.pdf 
Pam Sof 8 
This document Is considered Settom Direct, Inc. proprietary InfOrmatiOn, prOdutell, a attributed with 
eadusire tits to Stamm Direct, Inc. Wittier this document nor its contents Mall be reproduced or 
&doted to • third party without the impress written consent al Sefton. Direct, Inc. 
EFTA00809089

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809090.pdf
----------------------------------------
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT 
THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE ("Agreement") is entered 
into as of this 
day of December, 2019 (the "Effective Date"), by and among 
") on the one hand, and Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), Ghislaine 
Maxwell ("Maxwell"), 
(a/k/a 
") and Lesley Groff 
("Groff") on the other hand. In this Agreement, Epstein, Maxwell, Groff, and 
together, are referred to as the "Defendants". 
WHEREAS, 
is the Plaintiff, and the Defendants are named 
Defendants in a lawsuit now pending before the Honorable John G. Koeltl of the 
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Court"), 
captioned 
v. Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Lesley 
Groff once 
under Case No. 1:17-CV-00616 (the "Lawsuit") in which 
Plaintiff alleges conduct by Defendants which she alleges resulted in personal 
physical injuries to the Plaintiff; and 
WHEREAS, the parties hereto (each a "Party" and together, the "Parties") 
desire to settle the Lawsuit as provided in this Agreement; 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the 
mutual agreements, promises and other provisions contained herein, the Parties, 
intending to be bound, hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
The Parties agree to settle the Lawsuit, upon, subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement 
2. 
Within three (3) business days after the date hereof, Epstein shall pay 
the sum of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars (U.S. $500,000) (the 
EFTA00809090
--- PAGE 2 ---
"Settlement Amount") by wire transfer to the escrow account of 
attorney, 
(the "Escrow 
Agent"), in accordance with the wire transfer instructions attached as Exhibit A 
hereto, who shall hold the Settlement Amount in escrow and disburse the same only 
as hereinafter provided. While Defendants do not admit any liability and in fact 
deny all liability, the Defendants understand that 
is allocating the 
Settlement Amount exclusively as compensation to 
for physical personal 
injuries she alleges to have suffered as a result of the conduct of Defendants she 
alleges in the Lawsuit. The Escrow Agent shall release the Settlement Amount to 
or as otherwise agreed by 
only at such time as the Parties have 
filed with the Court the necessary documentation to dismiss the Lawsuit with 
prejudice as against all the parties to the Lawsuit, and the Lawsuit has been so 
dismissed in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 hereof. 
3. 
Effective on the date of receipt of the Settlement Amount in the 
escrow account of the Escrow Agent (the "Release Date"), all claims that are, were, 
or could have been asserted by any Party in connection with the Lawsuit and any 
and all matters, events, occurrences, facts, and circumstances alleged therein or 
contemplated thereby shall be released and extinguished, except for claims to 
enforce the provisions of this Agreement. 
4. 
(a) Effective on the Release Date, 
for and on behalf of 
herself and her successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and personal 
representatives (collectively, the " 
Releasors"), hereby fully and 
irrevocably releases each of the Defendants, and each of their respective successors, 
EFTA00809091
--- PAGE 3 ---
assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and personal representatives (collectively, 
the "Defendant Releasees"), of and from any and all manner of claims, demands, 
rights, liabilities, losses, obligations, duties, damages, debts, expenses, interest, 
penalties, sanctions, fees, attorneys' fees, costs, actions, potential actions, causes of 
action, suits, agreements, judgments, decrees, matters, issues and controversies of 
any kind, nature or description whatsoever, whether known or unknown, disclosed 
or undisclosed, accrued or unaccrued, apparent or not apparent, foreseen or 
unforeseen, matured or not matured, suspected or unsuspected, liquidated or not 
liquidated, 
fixed 
or 
contingent, 
whether 
direct, 
derivative, 
individual, 
representative, legal, equitable, or of any type, or in any other capacity, whether 
based on state, local, foreign, federal, statutory, regulatory, common, or other law, 
that any of the 
Releasers ever had, now has, or can, shall or may have 
against any of the Defendant Releasees for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause, 
or thing whatsoever in any way relating to, involving, referring to, arising out of, or 
based upon, directly or indirectly, any actions, transactions, occurrences, 
statements, representations, misrepresentations, omissions, allegations, facts, 
practices, events, claims or any other matters or things whatsoever, or any series 
thereof, arising out of, relating to or connected with the Lawsuit or the facts and 
circumstances alleged therein and contemplated thereby (hereinafter referred to as 
Claims"). Nothing in this Section h(a) shall release any Parties from any of 
their respective obligations under this Agreement, nor shall any aspect of this 
Agreement be read to release any Party for any conduct that has not yet occurred. 
EFTA00809092
--- PAGE 4 ---
(b) Effective on the Release Date, each of the Defendants, for and on 
behalf of himself and herself and his and her respective successors, assigns, heirs, 
executors, administrators, and personal representatives (collectively, the 
"Defendant Releasors"), hereby fully and irrevocably releases 
, and 
successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and personal 
representatives (collectively, the 
Releasees"), of and from any and all 
manner of claims, demands, rights, liabilities, losses, obligations, duties, damages, 
debts, expenses, interest, penalties, sanctions, fees, attorneys' fees, costs, actions, 
potential actions, causes of action, suits, agreements, judgments, decrees, matters, 
issues and controversies of any kind, nature or description whatsoever, whether 
known or unknown, disclosed or undisclosed, accrued or unaccrued, apparent or 
not apparent, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or not matured, suspected or 
unsuspected, liquidated or not liquidated, fixed or contingent, whether direct, 
derivative, individual, representative, legal, equitable, or of any type, or in any other 
capacity, whether based on state, local, foreign, federal, statutory, regulatory, 
common, or other law, that any of the Defendant Releasors ever had, now has, or 
can, shall or may have against any of the 
Releasees for, upon or by reason 
of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever in any way relating to, involving, referring 
to, arising out of, or based upon, directly or indirectly, any actions, transactions, 
occurrences, 
statements, 
representations, 
misrepresentations, 
omissions, 
allegations, facts, practices, events, claims or any other matters or things 
whatsoever, or any series thereof, arising out of, relating to or connected with the 
Lawsuit or the facts and circumstances alleged therein and contemplated thereby 
EFTA00809093
--- PAGE 5 ---
(hereinafter referred to as "Defendant Claims", and together with the 
Claims, "Claims"). Nothing in this Section 4(b) shall release any Parties from any of 
their respective obligations under this Agreement nor shall any aspect of this 
Agreement be read to release any Party for any conduct that has not yet occurred. 
S. 
Effective on, from and after the Release Date, 
for and on 
behalf of the i 
Releasors, expressly covenants not to sue or initiate, 
prosecute, voluntarily participate in or otherwise voluntarily pursue any claim or 
cause of action against any of the Defendant Releasees arising out of, relating to or 
connected with any action, matter or thing as to which the release has become 
effective pursuant to Section 4(a) of this Agreement, and each of the Defendants, for 
and on behalf of their respective Defendant Releasors, expressly covenants not to 
sue or initiate, prosecute, voluntarily participate in or otherwise voluntarily pursue 
any claim or cause of action against any of the 
Releasees arising out of, 
relating to or connected with any action, matter or thing as to which the release has 
become effective pursuant to Section 4(b) of this Agreement. 
6. 
Upon receipt of the Settlement Amount in the Escrow Agent's escrow 
account as provided in Section 2 hereof, the Parties agree that the Lawsuit will be 
promptly dismissed with prejudice as to all parties to the Lawsuit, and without costs 
and/or attorneys' fees to any Party, and each of the Parties shall cause her legal 
counsel to promptly execute and deliver to Epstein's counsel a Stipulation of 
Dismissal, whereupon Epstein shall cause his counsel to reasonably promptly 
EFTA00809094
--- PAGE 6 ---
execute the same and file it with the Court. Each of the Parties further agrees to 
execute and deliver such further documents and take such further action as any 
Party may reasonably request to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement. 
7. 
By entering into this Agreement, the Parties do not intend to make, 
nor shall they be deemed to have made, any admission of liability of any kind 
whatsoever. The Parties agree that they are entering into this Agreement for the 
purpose of settling the Lawsuit and to avoid further expense with respect to the 
Lawsuit 
8. 
The Parties agree that the Settlement Amount of this Agreement is 
strictly confidential. Any filing of this Agreement required or desired to be made 
with any court shall be filed under seal with the Settlement Amount redacted from 
any public docket or record of such filing. The Settlement Amount shall be redacted 
from each and every disclosure of this Agreement to any person who is not a Party 
or one of the Defendants, and no Party may disclose to or discuss with any third 
party the Settlement Amount in this Agreement without the prior, written consent 
of the other Party; provided, however, that a Party may disclose the Settlement 
Amount (a) to the Court presiding over the Lawsuit if such disclosure is required by 
the Court, provided that any such disclosure to which the public shall have access 
shall be redacted and under seal as provided above; (b) to such Party's employees, 
accountants and attorneys who require the same for the purpose of performing 
their employment duties or providing professional services to such Partyl; (c) to 
such Party's insurers or re-insurers; (d) as required by any law, regulation, or rule 
I 'Including, without limitation, for tax return reporting and compliance purposes. 
EFTA00809095
--- PAGE 7 ---
of a court or government agency; (e) in response to a duly authorized court order; 
or (f) to the Internal Revenue Service or any governmental agency for tax return 
reporting and compliance purposes. Before disclosing the Settlement Amount 
under provisos (b) or (c), the Party making the disclosure shall inform the receiving 
person of the terms of this confidentiality provision, and shall take reasonable 
measures to ensure that the recipient agrees not to violate the provisions hereof. At 
least five business days prior to disclosing the Settlement Amount under provisos 
(d) or (e) above, to the extent permissible by law, regulation, rule of a court, court 
order or government agency, the Party making or asked to make the disclosure shall 
inform the other Parties of the proposed disclosure or request for information, and 
shall, at the request of any the other Parties and at the cost of such requesting Party, 
file any disclosure or response to the request for information about the Settlement 
Amount pursuant to a motion or other formal request that the information be 
maintained in confidence and/or held under seal. 
9. 
Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that irreparable injury to 
the other Parties hereto could occur in the event any of the provisions of this 
Agreement are not performed in accordance with its specific terms or are otherwise 
breached, and that such injury may not be adequately compensable in monetary 
damages. It is accordingly agreed that any Party who may be adversely affected by 
r 
such non-performance or beach, or any threat of such non-performance or breach 
by another Party, shall be entitled to seek specific enforcement of, and injunctive 
relief to prevent any violation or threatened violation of, the terms hereof and the 
other Parties will not take any action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to the 
EFTA00809096
--- PAGE 8 ---
Party seeking relief on the grounds that any other remedy or relief is available at 
law or in equity, and each Party hereto further agrees to waive any requirement for 
the security or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy. 
10. 
The Parties agree that the prior drafting history of this Agreement 
shall not be used to construe any term of this Agreement This Agreement has been 
negotiated by each Party and such Party's attorneys, and the language hereof will 
not be construed for or against any such Party as the principal drafter of this 
Agreement 
11. 
Each Party expressly represents and warrants that he or she has full 
mental and legal capacity and authority to settle and compromise his or her 
disputes with the other Parties, to grant any and all releases by such Party 
contemplated under this Agreement, and to enter into and to perform his or her 
obligations under this Agreement. Each Party expressly represents and warrants 
that: (a) no other person or entity has inherited, acquired, or has been assigned, or 
will in the future inherit, acquire, or have any right to assert any portion of the 
Claims released in this Agreement; and (b) each Party is the lawful owner of such 
Claims so released by such Party under this Agreement The Parties are specifically 
relying on the representations and warranties contained in this Section 11. Such 
representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this Agreement. 
12. 
Each Party agrees that this Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, 
successors, and assigns of each Party. 
13. 
Each Party represents and agrees that such Party: (i) has fully 
reviewed this Agreement and has had the opportunity to seek advice by 
EFTA00809097
--- PAGE 9 ---
independent counsel of his or her choosing with respect to the same; (ii) fully 
understands the terms of this Agreement and has entered into this Agreement 
voluntarily without any coercion or duress on the part of any person or entity; and 
(iii) was given adequate time to consider all implications of this Agreement prior to 
entering into it. 
14. 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties 
regarding the matters contained therein. Each Party acknowledges that such Party 
has not executed this Agreement in reliance on any representation, inducement, 
promise, agreement, or warranty that is not contained in this Agreement 
15. 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each 
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one 
and the same instrument. Signatures of this Agreement transmitted by fax and by 
email of pdf signatures shall have the same effect as original signatures. 
16. 
This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written 
instrument executed by each Party. Any waiver of any provision hereof must be in 
writing and signed by the Party to be charged with such waiver. Any such waiver 
shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which 
such waiver is given. No failure on the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in 
exercising, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a 
waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or 
privilege under this Agreement, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or 
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. 
EFTA00809098
--- PAGE 10 ---
17. 
Any statements, communications or notices ("Notices") to be provided 
pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and sent by hand delivery or by 
reputable overnight courier to the attention of the Parties indicated below, until 
such time as either Party gives the other Party Notice of any change of person to be 
notified or of a change of address: 
(a) 
For 
(b) 
For Epstein, 
and Groff: 
Darren K. lndyke, Esq. 
5300 W. Atlantic Avenue, Suite 602 
Delray Beach, FL 33484 
(c) 
For Maxwell: 
Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
18. 
In the event of any claimed breach of this Agreement, any Party 
claimed to have been aggrieved shall provide the Party in breach with seven (7) 
business days written notice and opportunity to cure. 
19. 
If any court proceeding is brought by any Party to enforce the 
provisions of this Agreement, then each prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover 
from the non-prevailing Party(ies) all of the prevailing Party's reasonable costs, fees 
EFTA00809099
--- PAGE 11 ---
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees), disbursements and 
expenses incurred in connection with such enforcement and proceeding. 
20. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements entered into and to 
be performed entirely within the State of New York without regard to the principles 
of New York law regarding conflicts of laws. 
21. 
Each Party Irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction 
of the United States District Court far the Southern District of New York over any 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Each Party agrees that 
service of any process, summons, notice or document in the manner provided 
herein for the giving of Notices shall be effective service of process for any court 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Each Party irrevocably and 
unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such court 
proceeding and any claim that any such proceeding has been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. Each Party agrees that a final, non-appealable judgment in any 
such court proceeding shall be conclusive and binding upon such Party and may be 
enforced in any other courts to whose jurisdiction such Party is or may be subject, 
by suit upon judgment 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the 
date of the day and year first above-written. 
EFTA00809100
--- PAGE 12 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
GIIISLAINE MAXWELL 
LESLEY GROFF 
• 
)ss.: 
i‘t 
On the/9 
day of December in the year 2018, before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared 
, personally known to me or proved to me on 
the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the 
within instrument and acknowledged to me that she executed the same in her individual 
capacity, and that by her signature on the instrument, the individual or the person upon 
behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument. 
....e—a—shaaaisabasbeito• 
I 
„Qrs::::„.. 
MMARINA ROBINSON 
'• . 
•• 
Noire Public - State ol Florida 
Commissloa • GG 027667 
A 
My Comm Expires Sep 111. 2020 
ta:,1•••• wow ihiough NOON, Noisy Ade 
errerarrrirerrr
it
Notary Public 
) 
)ss.: 
) 
On the 
day of December in the year 2018, before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared JEFFREY EPSTEIN, personally known to me or proved to me on 
the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the 
within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his individual 
capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual or the person upon 
behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00809101
--- PAGE 13 ---
) 
)ss.: 
) 
On the 
day of December in the year 2018, before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared GHISLAINE MAXWELL, personally known to me or proved to me 
on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the 
within instrument and acknowledged to me that she executed the same in her individual 
capacity, and that by her signature on the instrument, the individual or the person upon 
behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument. 
Notary Public 
) 
)ss.: 
) 
On the 
da of December in the ear 2018, before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared 
, personally known 
to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose 
name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that she executed 
the same in her individual capacity, and that by her signature on the instrument, the 
individual or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the 
instrument. 
Notary Public 
) 
)ss.: 
) 
On the 
day of December in the year 2018, before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared LESLEY GROFF, personally known to me or proved to me on the 
basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within 
instrument and acknowledged to me that she executed the same in her individual 
capacity, and that by her signature on the instrument, the individual or the person upon 
behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00809102
--- PAGE 14 ---
EXHIBIT A 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS OF ESCROW AGENT 
[SEE ATTACHED] 
EFTA00809103

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809104.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page I of 4 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Wed. 25 July 2018 1528:57 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Agent Details 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Travel Details 
Thursday 26 Jul 18 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locatol 
Airline 
Czech Airlines Csa 
Flight 
OK 767 
Origin 
Paris. 
Destination 
Prague. 
Departing 
08:15 PM 
Arriving 
09:55 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 2 D 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal 2 
Class 
M Economy Class 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
Charles De Gaulle 
Prague - Ruzyne International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hr 40 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A319 
Meal 
Food-Bev/Pur 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary 
Z
ERI
EXP
EFTA00809104
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property. such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at yr nw.americenexpressocm.Y-
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.corriffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
"Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• CENTURION FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: centurion.com 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: anyixtravei comet& 
• The Hotel Collection: amencanexeress cornrucirreritt-ratrisibenafitstrletailfthe-hotel-rnlertinnffiremier-aje 
• International Ajar* Program' r_apanwricanexpresiSSM 
• Cruise Privileges Program: amencanexpress.comknaseorivietzes 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amencanexpress.comAss/credit-cardsibenefitskletailioLstinum-clesbnabons-vacationsiolatinum 
• Pay with Pants. Ron Pr ranAx-vesi rom'oanytInnints 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lodge's'. tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of Amencan Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (cceectively. 'Amex') has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
impoeed charges. ncluding. but not limited to. day resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at checkout You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wwo alliarz ccnt. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
international Travel Documentation and Information; 
Travelers dewing transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining all necessary travel documents and complying with all govemment travel 
requirements. You must present all laXd. entry and other documents requred by law. Amex shad not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such rectirrements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requrements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibility to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your jotrney. Many 
countries require that your passport be vabd for up to six (6) months from you date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign cowry. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at h ttz :ra...e I s:ate 9DV.'CO nte ntc as sptes., 
countryltwl. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Cuba Travel 
By traveling on your itneraty. all travelers are attesting that they are a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident and their travel to Cuba s authorized under the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations, and falls within one of the approved categories. For more information on each of the categories, please see Part 515.560 of the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations at htio./Avwer ecfr gov. Additional information can be found at litipv/Mww treasury CIOYIreSource-center/sanctkonternorams:Parinsicitha Alga& Travel for 
traditional tourist activities is prohibited, and travelers are expected to maintain a fiat schedule of activities related to their category of travel. If providing any ristrance 
benefits under the American Express policy would violate U.S. economic or trade sanctions, then the poky will be void. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review WNW Vic i^, nt'RI ronVar, r9r for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit reqiirements for your travel 
destriation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Page 2 of 4 
Itinerary 
:
A
V
E
RICAN 
IDCPRESS 
EFTA00809105
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needs/aircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit https:ranyamentravel.corNstaticicondtbons for more information. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard strati in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids, oAdizers, 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid, fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles earned n your luggage and certain smoking materials earned on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit httoc-thview fan gwa".-girin 1,AtIVPV11.17111aLSMPIT.
The Centurion£ I ounge 
Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members have unlimited complimentary access to all locations of The Centurion Lounge. Gold Card and Green Card Additional 
Cards on your Platinum and Business Platnum Card account are not eligible for complimentary access. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into The 
Centurion Lounge. To access The Centurion Lounge. the Card Member must present The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit his or her valid Card, a 
boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result n access 
being denied. Card Members veil not be compensated for changes in locations. rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent 
or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service bar, the Card Member must be of legal drinking age n the location's nriscliction to enter without a parent a legal 
guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from the 
Lounge for inappropriate behavior a failure to adhere to rules. includng. but not limited to. conduct that is disruptive. abusive a violent. Access is subject to space 
availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Services and 
amenities in the Lounge are complimentary, however you are responsible fa any purchases and/or servicing charges you authorize cur Member Services Professionals to 
perform on your behalf. Some American Express Cards are not eligible for at services provided by Member Services Desk. American Express veil not be liable for any 
articles lost or stolen a damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by 
American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. 
02017 American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. All rights reserved 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively 'Amex"). 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons a property resulting, diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services, cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment, or changes in fares. itineranes or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil unrest, 
strikes. riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public intemet. telecommunications lines or facildies, a third party technology systems. IX any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to or marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers %Men customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suet:kers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommendng rtinemnes. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
State-Spec ifir Disclosures' 
IFORNIA• Upon cancellation of the transportation a travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled in violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carder. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation a service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment. and rf disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seler of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when required. The maximum amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000 A claim must be submitted to the TCRF vain 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the claim and a 535 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wanes their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at von,: (crank, ern. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. at sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the fulls from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be retuned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
HAWAII: Please visit htto14-nn haWal COV;IWI,fiteS;20 I tfleTtinciimet_nghts nrlf for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
Page 3 of 4 
Itinerary 
Ac
ai
EGRESS 
EFTA00809106
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 o'4 
California CST#1022318. Washington USIft800-469-694. Iowa TA#669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Ilweary 
EFTA00809107

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809108.pdf
----------------------------------------
HM&I3 
HAMILTON, MILLER & BIRTHISELLLp 
Aii017/91's At tall 
WWW.HAMILTONMILLERLAW.COM 
100 South Ashley Drive Suite 1210 Tam 
Florida 33602 
• Fax 
REPLY TO: TAMPA OFFICE 
VIA FEDEX 
Lutheran Social Services of the Virgin Islands, Inc. 
Dana Holtz, Director 
Queen Louise Home for Children 
516B Hospital Street 
Frederikstead, VI 00840. 
Re: 
Donation on behalf ofJeffrey Epstein 
Dear Ms. Holtz: 
Enclosed is check #1400 in the amount of $25,000, payable to Lutheran Social Services of 
the Virgin Islands, Inc., for the exclusive use of the Queen Louise Home for Children. Please 
accept this donation on behalf of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein. 
Feel free to contact me with any questions. Happy Thanksgiving! 
Very truly yours, 
Jules V. Massee 
MIAMI • TAMPA • FORT LAUDERDALE • ORLANDO • NEW YORK • NORFOLK • U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS • THE BAHAMAS • JAMAICA 
EFTA00809108
--- PAGE 2 ---
HAMILTON MILLER & BIRTHISEL LLP 
sob 
PAY 70 THE 
Lutheran Social Services of the Virgin Islands, Inc 
ORDER OF 
REGIONS BANK 
TAMPA, FL 33602 
63-466/631 
1400 
11/22/2017 
$ 
"25,000.00 
Details on Elifc la 
Twenty-five thousand and 00/100"*"'.."*""nme ***** ne****************** "'».nn ***** "*"*""*""*"*"*"*"' 
DOLLARS 8
Lutheran Social Services of the Virgin Islands, Inc 
MEMO 
Queen Louise Home for Children Only 
HAMILTON MILLER & BIRTHISEL LLP TRUST ACCOUNT 
11/22/2017 
Lutheran Social Services of the Virgin Islands, Inc 
HMB 61438 - Settlement Funds 
REGIONS TRUST 
Queen Louise Home for Children Only 
HAMILTON MILLER & BIRTHISEL LLP TRUST ACCOUNT 
11/2212017 
Lutheran Social Services of the Virgin Islands, Inc 
HMB 61438 - Settlement Funds 
REGIONS TRUST 
1400 
25,000.00 
25,000.00 
1400 
25,000.00 
Queen Louise Home for Children Only 
25,000.00 
UAP12 
MN CHECK 
N3 • C 
EFTA00809109
--- PAGE 3 ---
11:22'2017 
FedEx Ship Manager - Print Your Label(s) 
 cn 
C 
-4 
8665 P9LI. 8OLL 
AlINOleld 111'41 
5:91iF23///1D4C 
After printing this label: 
CONSIGNEE COPY - PLEASE PLACE IN FRONT OF POUCH 
1. Fold the printed page along the horizontal line. 
2. Place label in shipping pouch and affix it to your shipment. 
Warning: Use only the printed original label for shipping. Using a photocopy of this label for shipping purposes is fraudulent and could result in 
additional billing charges, along with the cancellation of your FedEx account number. 
tom. nays no CONDITIONS Of FTC& x stooPNG DEFINITIONS. On els Ac Viotti, lve.'huf Word Tad& rola fa Feint Wass CaDoraTat. Ts unlit: gird bradnesardeae ttiOacitell argagoorfeecaa 
sr. note/Jen conclas The le-to `pa: end 'oue Mkt to eke elle:00.. Rs e rtatotek. Plhchal. Wawa 
upper area 
aphillosoutsklo the nod Soto, your COMPICIot cortege Sir. M FalEa atfedury. Loam 
ntleportart oondeotor Woo onotedineetenk the attgenent from %kat. Tie Iry rpordiage men an/ milting,  or onion lw rt accepted ey Ia kr deirothr. MAxinsi a, such awns abed by you Wpyp ow ahcateled 
melees. mardeas or waters The Roo ornament* meet an pagtages whkb we SNafarl  
bra accepted by as enamor Ar Winta, AR CARRIAGE NOTICE 
any Tann& 
INPTIonle DG ea he lVufar Cracwilar. 
eentraded. may be ANTIgable Toe Itatsee Coreorniont at emended. oil then adman led bmatt tante in/ FadEast DMf ry b Des delft at a drape To Wes arrant The Nana Cchvn on. as amnia, no rscrii 
'verity. For /earn* Ott. 1.'S lablery a Inv." In WO/ per pound t10$ put iticoram:. unreel a NON, velar for coentge n declared or aerated baba and ow par ony apgmatle laippletverlaly °hotpot. The ederptetelion rd
I al So Wens* Convertor'''. IOW/ tints mkt vtart F FOCI Cori". Mao all rata...TAT sloPong oboes otoch amapnea v an, FWD, roans Ne tight lb rota the worker In sty way ForlEa den WOrcatsair ROAD 
T NOT Ca. Moment, treasoont4 son/ b/ roast loot Into a puffy weon c a pada la fro Warsaw Carrot( on or In. Dna 
lot Inc Weiraficael Cane of f 
ta by Road (No tarAl are tease to No tams Two 
con sons of No Ca oaf Otaancara any caw fen., 
of Nn Ar Wayra b ine eadtari Fp Nato th omits bemopoted coley bg toad. to millet Waal Won, ledpativont ol the CAIR and ma Ak Warta the Tome Odra 
CIA sisal p.,. 1. LIMITATION Of .T4E.LITY. r not governed byte 
Catketsal. tie OVA a Ow tvetneonal keltlek leak Other porarvoac rorauOtons. orders. of recioreenerts, rewrite faun" UPON for derrepe, 
Net  posy, ~pc 
nye ate, 
nondeln.y meal* Nolen 
faLre Is woods tnItnnanon to vent/eon eon ict,t ;nog it In, 
by Da Anna 
WC as sat 
Ins and ordiftess eta yang el [saint. Nage 
Na
nlerb 
 Tani di Carr re bran h the nicable F adEa Swam Dade et ds aquae aro to Canna he fairer:Mg anon. TedLa Cdrot ox gouda taw luta, a sift.- enVenCe, Dpi you may pay an odolowal 
kr cam non, 
US. SI 
(a aor.itaient beer tawny lot me foamy no) a Oa We: yaw for Faber. 
Ngoto ware lar range 4 Phased 
Po chaotic (kayo paid rectors rowlmao 
wil be Tv lesser of 
ObT 
Vie declared oak/elm owner or your *Mud dreads. LAB( PE NO' AS.flAVED. 
I.
ANT EVENT. FEDEX WONT Orli/0o c09 NV DAMAGES METHER DING T. PeOpRIDT. NCIOEITTAL. SPECIAL OR 
CONSEOUENTIA4 IN EXCESS OF NW OFCLARED VALVE TOR CARRIAGE (I•CtUCTING GUT NOT LIMITED TO TOSS OF ISYDME OR FRONT SI Orr TIE ACTUAL VALUE Of I P IE D4PMENT. 
UPPER. VME THER OR 
NOT PEPE* RAD ANY KNOMFOGE TWAT SUCH DAMAGES MIGHT OE NO.PREO. FodEa *NC oe 
for your ads Now:wale Inc twang to.1 nol looted lo incorrect dec.aretton ot cargo, regettatt 
ineertoere waving, 
trumnp or nroutng °I Out shipfnirt, 
ke No acts a °noon cfl no forepart a morn 'he WIN an Ivan' n N. anat. a yawn by cry pr 
or Iv owns ct Pas swearer,' EWER worn be lava kr darner 
rnadelearry. norwIntey, meenionnaton or fan ta gouda flormabon Y, owned on with *Vow& 01 fan. Ofhltat o, MM Vonlkad Ono an  artNosect win 
raa cent arch as eat a  Goa On, a 
re or. wean oecollOni. Ira then Fed delta act, of pubic/nomad war. tun. 
OWNIONft. Orals a ariaan olotat aullvtoegraudno 0.1roran ad touch 
30..s a
pant sandc NO WARRANTY. Vie 
mike no ewvleA as
 cr law'sQALIS FOR LOSS. ON/AGE ON DELAY. ALL CLANS MUST BF MADE N MUTING
DELAY.
 ANOWITT-N SIRE' TIME LIMITS SEE OUR TARO NAPPLKWl E FEDEX SERriNL Corea. CR 
STANDARD CONDITIONS Of CARRIAGE COQ CC TAt S The num Ccerenion amid*. Voce( nor ens gnaws lot Mote. Orley a nancleintry ol rad throve nrOtenote 
envy elabon ad ooweron IX the 
Wawa Convengotis cWmi kodslare cry vary 
esc ;num.,* Rat a) the COnreedlon TO delertnin• ere are prowl IV seed flokrend The roVe to Canapes spatial.. nil be e cola thou Jame at Now it Notre .?an Neu 
Won as sal an n the Conivollst Fecrx Is M cEigaled b aCI Co Say CUM Led Y trertsecration crisps tyre Sohn pad Na MN Amato ode rot be Slatted kern kn reorgorbOVn toner F Te NelooN loYelds 
.valnOol roting any darner a Use Curry rocced f echo AA stun Ow silion Talc (Where° in good condor, to cNw Rt Oslo«owa. a Cam 
dausge. Pe Tonna °nano' shrug cairn art Nichol oust be 
made ataloba to us Mr Upson co. MANDATORY LAW. hooka as any piano named a taloned To In on A, Mayo' may es <VOA/ In ale appkahl• internataVel Scala,. law. gmemtnerl rflulatoss, cream R.vpireme.rei 
Deaden aim ferns)‘ ea *nate moon of ea erysecall0 hewn mat 44 VA VVVFAVA The vv rTAT v aravAlnetTborY V ant intrlo seas arid not alert ely raw fan of me Ao Wmta. Lakes olhorowto ottroked 
FEDERN.. EXPRESS CORPORATION. 2005 Caporal, &cram. Manch*. TN Sal32, USA Is Mt Inc Torre. 
nen 
trial edam. bated at +kw refer con 
https:Threww.ledex.com/shipping/shipmentConfirmationAction.handle?method=doContinue 
1/8 
EFTA00809110

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809111.pdf
----------------------------------------
WARREN CAT 
Customer P 
5320370 
MUM: 
LSJE LLC - ST THOMAS 
## 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 83 
ST THOMAS 
C0802-3148 
PO P 
COD 
REMIT TO 
Ordered by 
WARREN CAT 
PO BOX 842116 
DALLAS, TX 75284-2116 
Oee 
Tag Free) 
Ship To: 
LSJE LLC • ST THOMAS 
DATE SHIPPED: 09/17/18 
FOB: FACTORY 
PO# COD 
Doc Date 
07-24-18 
CUSTOMER INVOICE 
INVOICE NUMBER: 
Invoice Date: 
S1850301 
09-24-18 
Total Due 
$0.00 
Make 
PA 
Model 
Serial 
Ship Via 
Machine ID 
Meter Reacting 
Agreement ts 
Salesman 
907 
GEN 
G7A06424 
FACTORY ARRANGED 
CE 36503 
.00 
S18503 
Division 
Store 
Terms 
E 
Quantity 
Item 
Description 
Unit Price 
Extension 
1.0 
CUSTOMER CONTACT: RICHARD KAHN 
EQUIPMENT SALE 
CATERPILLAR 
ID NO: CE36503 
MODEL 
GEN 
SERIAL NO: 
G7A06424 
REPLACEMENT GENERATOR 247-6128 FOR GENSET 
PACKAGE SERIAL NUMBER EKW01044 
WARRANTY: 
OTHER 
1.0 
SIT <1500# EXMPT 
1.0 
1.0 
ENGINE DEPOSIT 
REF. DOC 05C074130 
TAX EXEMPT: 
OUT OF STATE, COMMON CARRIER 
PAYMENT DUE UPON RECEIPT OF INVOICE. 
****PAID 07/19/18"" 
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS 
21657.29 
21657.29 -
Subtotal 
$0.00 
Misc. 
$0.00 
Tax 
50.00 
TOTAL 
Go Paperless. Receive statements and invoices online 24/7. Register at www.warrencatcornIgopapertess 
$0.00
Page 1 of 1 
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS. Your taints, Is important to us and we strive to be your dealership ol choke. If we did not meet your expectations, please call 866.2WARREN. 
Terms of Payment: 
Unless species: teems Of payment are Meted above. wnith shall be the 
' 
terms hereof. this invoice OM Minerva. be due and payable in lull 30 days from the invoice dole. 
Pericenence under des invince along with junsoicoor, snot venue slue be in Tulsa County. OK. TI LE TO 
EQUIPMENT LISTED ON THIS 'NOME SHALL REMAIN IN WARREN CAT UNTIL PURCHASE 
PR/CE IS PAID IN FULL. Claims lee damages and shortages will not be considered unless made widen 15 days ear receipt of stopmene Our reSpOnsibildy ceases upon othenning receipt from transportation 
Company. Nance is hereby given OM Warren Poloist 6 legachillens inc. hat method Its hthis Nut notiNObligSbOelS) under this purchase order 10 CATO Exchange Services, LAC lo pores's* rental equipment 
described herein as part of an WC Section 1031 Exchange This assignment has no effect on your rights oe obligations hereunder. Acceptance of goods or services constitutes acceptance ce the Warren Cat 
Slafictard TORY% and Conditions which are interims:ea by reference and available al hopPetww.wartencaLcormertris-conotons or upon request. 
EFTA00809111

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809112.pdf
----------------------------------------
-WARREN CAT 
Customer fi 
5320370 
Quantity 
Bill To: 
LSJE LLC • ST THOMAS 
#41 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 83 
ST THOMAS 
00802-3148 
POP 
COD
Item 
REMIT TO 
Ordered by 
WARREN CAT 
PO BOX 842116 
DALLAS, TX 75284.2116 
redl Dept) 
M(Toll 
Free) 
Ship To: 
LSJE LLC - ST THOMAS 
DATE SHIPPED: 09/21/18 
FOB: FACTORY 
PON COD 
Doc Date 
O7-24-18
Description 
CUSTOMER INVOICE 
INVOICE NUMBER: 
Invoice Date: 
S1966601 
O9-24-18 
Total Due 
$0.00 
Make 
AA 
Model 
Semi M 
Ship Via 
Machine ID 
Meter Reading 
Agreement # 
GEN 
G7AO6423 
FACTORY ARRANGED 
CE36504 
.00 
S19666 
Salesman 
907 
Division 
Store 
Terms 
E 
Unit Price 
Extension 
CUSTOMER CONTACT: RICHARD KAHN 
EQUIPMENT SALE 
CATERPILLAR 
1.0 
ID NO: CE36504 
MODEL 
GEN 
SERIAL NO: 
G7A06423 
REPLACEMENT GENERATOR 247-6128 FOR GENSET 
PACKAGE SERIAL NUMBER EKW01044 
WARRANTY: NEW CAT 12 MONTH STANDARD 
1.0 
SIT <1500# EXMPT 
1.0 
1.0 
ENGINE DEPOSIT 
REF. DOC 05C074130 
TAX EXEMPT: 
OUT OF STATE, COMMON CARRIER 
PAYMENT DUE UPON RECEIPT OF INVOICE. 
****PAID 07/19/18**** 
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS 
***** 
21657.29 
21657.29 -
Subtotal 
$0.00 
Misc. 
$0.00 
Tax 
TOTAL 
$0.00 
Go Papedess. Receive statements and Invoices online 24/7. Begetter at vAvve.warrencatcom/gopaperless 
$0.00
Page 1 of 1 
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS. Your business is important to us and we strive to be your dealership of choice. If we did not meet your expectations, please call 866.2WARREN. 
Terms of Payment: 
Unless specific terms of payment are Mated above. which shall be the gemming lens hereof. this invoice shal othertne be duo and payable rife 30 days from the invoice dale. 
Performance under this invoice along eh iunschaion and venue ship be in Tulsa County. OK. TITLE TO THE EQUIPMENT LISTED ON THIS INVOICE SHALL REMAIN IN WARREN CAT UNTIL PURCHASE 
PRICE IS PAID IN FULL. Claims for damages and shortages van not be considered unless made wthin 15 days alter receipt of shipment. Our responsibility ceases upon Meng receipt Pe irenspaltdon 
company. Notice is hereby Oren That Warren Power S Machinery. Inc. has assigned ill nghts (el not a obligations) under this purtinale order to CATD Exchange Services. LIC to purchase rental continent 
desonted heron es part of an IRC Section 1031 Exchange. This assignment has no effect on your rights or obligations hereunder. Acceptance of goods or services constitutes acceptance ot me Warren Cat 
Standard Terms and Conditions which are InCorpOraltsa by re hence and available at healfwerwaffencetconfterrns-concitcons a uadn ragUeSt 
EFTA00809112

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809113.pdf
----------------------------------------
SEARCH WARRANT 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA ) 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH ) 
IN THE NAME OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA, TO ALL AND SINGULAR: 
The Sheriff ofPalm Beach County, Florida, and his lawful Deputies, All Police Officers in Palm Beach County, 
Florida, The Commissioner of the Florida Bureau of Law Enforcement or any of his Duly 
Constituted Agents to-wit: Deteetiv 
WHEREAS, complaint on oath and in writing, supported by affidavit of a credible witness, or 
witnesses, to wit: Detective 
which is attached hereto and made a part hereof, has this day been made before the undersigned: 
Judge Laura Johnson 
(Circuit)(County) Court Judge in and for Palm Beach County, Florida, and 
WHEREAS, said facts made known to me and considered by me have caused me to certify and find that 
the facts set forth in said affidavit show and constitute probable cause for the issuance ofthis warrant and the Court 
being satisfied ofthe existence of said grounds set forth in the affidavit and that the laws ofthe State of Florida have 
been violated on or in a Premises known and described as follows, to-wit: 
358 El Brillo Road 
Palm Beach, Florida 33480 
To reach the premise desired to be searched, begin at the middle span ofthe Royal Park Bridge and travel East 
on Royal Palm Way approximately .6 (six tenths) ofa mile until you reach South County Road. At South County 
Road, make a right or southbound turn and travel approximately .8 (eight tenths) of a mile to El Brillo Way. At El 
Brillo Way, make a right or westbound turn and travel approximately . I (one tenth) of a mile to the last house on 
the South side of El Brillo clearly marked with the number 358. 
The premises desired to be searched is two story, single family residence made of CBS construction. The 
residence is pink in color with white trim and has a white concrete tile roof. The residence has two separate 
driveway entrances from El Brillo paved in large white tiles. The eastern most driveway is separated by a large 
white in color concrete wall with black in color numbers '158" clearly displayed from El Brillo and leads to the east 
side of the residence. 
EFTA00809113
--- PAGE 2 ---
On the east side of residence, there are three single car garage doors, which are white in color and an entry door 
also white in color to South. Each driveway entrance has a white in color call box, which is fixed on the east side 
ofthe driveways. The western most driveway leads to the North side ofthe residence, to a large white in color 
double door on the first floor. The second story ofthe North side of the residence shows a small walkway with 
a white in color metal railway, and leads to three glass jalousie style doors. On the South East corner of the 
residence is a single story structure, made of CBS construction and is white in color with a white concrete tik roof 
To enter and search the afore described place and premise together with the yard and curtilage thereof, and any 
and all outbuildings and vehicles thereon, and any persons residing therein, and any other person therein reasonably 
believed to be connected with said illegal activity. This is a complete description of the residence desired to be 
searched, including the curtilage attached thereof. 
being the premises occupied or under the control of: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
W/M 
Date of Birth 1-20-1953 
and there is now being kept in the above described (vehicle)(premises) certain: 
1) Computers, including any electronic magnetic, optical, electrochemical, or other high speed data processing 
deviceperfoming logical, arithmetic, or storage functions; data storage facilities such as magnetic tape, hard disk, 
floppy disk or drum, or cd mm; communications facilities directly relating to or operating in conjunction with such 
device; devices for printing records of data; and such records or data produced in various forms; manuals, 
documents, or instructional material relating to such devices. 
2) Computers, personal computers, computer peripherals, modems, computer printers, floppy disk drives, hard 
disk drives, diskettes, tapes, computer printouts, computer software, computer programs and applications, 
computer manuals, system documentation. 
3) Cameras, photographs, negatives, motion pictures, videotapes, magazines, books, and all other depictions of 
minors in sexual activity . 
4) Any device or equipment that can be used to transfer images to a computer readable format. 
5) Any written documentation or item containing password or encryption codes. 
6) Any notes, ledger, personal phone books, roladex, books and any form of recording data of records of 
payments, telephone numbers and names of girls that have frequented the house. 
7) Any sexual devices to which was used on the witness/victims. 
8) Any hair fiber, semen, or other bodily fluids. 
which is being kept and used in violation of the laws of the State of Florida, to-wit the laws prohibiting: 
1. Sexual Activity with certain minors 
2. Lewd and Lascivious Molestation 
FSS 794.05(1) 
FSS 800.04(5c2) 
degree Felony 
2nd degree Felony 
EFTA00809114
--- PAGE 3 ---
NOW THEREFORE, you, or either of you are hereby commanded with proper and necessary assistance, 
in the name of the State of Florida, in the daytime or in the nighttime, or on Sunday, to forthwith search the said 
premises hereinbefore specified, for the property specified, and if the same, or any part thereof shall be found in 
said premises then you are authorized and commanded to seize the same and to bring the property and any person 
arrested in connection therewith before the Magistrate or any other Court having jurisdiction of the offense, to be 
dealt with according to law, and to forthwith make return of your doings upon executing this warrant, which you 
are hereby commanded to execute as the law directs within ten (10) days from the date thereof. 
You are further commanded, in the event that you seize any of the said property hereinbefore described, 
to make up, atthe time and place of seizure, a full, true and itemized list and inventory °fall things seized and taken, 
in duplicate, signed by you, and to then and there give and deliver the said duplicate copy thereofto the person from 
whom possession shall betaken, iftalcen from the possession of anyone, together with a duplicate ofthis warrant, 
and if not taken from the possession of anyone, then to any person in charge of said premises, and in the absence 
of any such person, to leave the same on or in the premises. The original of this warrant, together with the original 
inventory, shall be returned and filed with the Clerk of the Court as stated above within ten (10) days of the 
issuance of this warrant. 
Further any property seized or taken shall be impounded for use as evidence at any trial of any criminal or 
penal cause growing out of the having or possession of said property. 
WITNESS my hand and seal this 18th day of October, A.D., 2005. 
JUDGE of the Circuit Court of the 
Fifteen Judicial Circuit in and for Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
EFTA00809115
--- PAGE 4 ---
AFFIDAVIT AND APPLICATION FOR SEARCH WARRANT 
IN I HI. CIRCUIT COURT IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA, ) 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH ) 
BEFORE ME: Honorable Judge Laura Johnson 
in and for Palm Beach County, personally appeared this day: 
Detective 
who being by me first duly sworn, deposes and says that he believes and has good reason to believe that a certain 
Premises located in Palm Beach Florida, described as follows, to-wit: 
358 El Brillo Road 
Palm Beach, Florida 33480 
To reach the premise desired to be searched, begin at the middle span ofthe Royal Park Bridge and travel East 
on Royal Palm Way approximately.6 (six tenths) ofa mile until you reach South County Road. At South County 
Road, make aright or southbound turn and travel approximately .8 (eight tenths) of a mile to El Brillo Way. At El 
Brillo Way, make a right or westbound turn and travel approximately .1 (one tenth) ofa mile to the last house on 
the South side of El Brillo clearly marked with the number 358. 
'The premises desired to be searched is two story, single family residence made of CBS construction. The 
residence is pink in color with white trim and has a white concrete tile roof. The residence has two separate 
driveway entrances from El Brillo paved in large white tiles. The eastern most driveway is separated by a large 
white in color concrete wall with black in color numbers "358" clearly displayed from El Brillo and leads to the east 
side of the residence. On the east side of residence, there are three single car garage doors, which are white in 
color and an entry door also white in color to South. Each driveway entrance has a white in color call box, which 
is fixed on the east side of the driveways. The western most driveway leads to the North side ofthe residence, to 
a large white in color double door on the first floor. The second story ofthe North side ofthe residence shows a 
small walkway with a white in color metal railway, and leads to three glassjalousie style doors. On the South East 
comer of the residence is a single story structure, made of CBS construction and is white in color with a white 
concrete tile roof. 
To enter and search the afore described place and premise together with the yard and curtilage thereof, and any 
and all outbuildings and vehicles thereon, and any persons residing therein, and any other person therein reasonably 
believed to be connected with said illegal activity. This is a complete description of the residence desired to be 
searched, including the curtilage attached thereof. 
being the Premises occupied by or under the control of: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
W/M 
Date of Birth 1-20-1953 
Page I 
EFTA00809116
--- PAGE 5 ---
and there is now being kept on the above described Premises certain: 
1) Computers, including any electronic magnetic, optical, electrochemical, or other high speed data processing 
device performing logical, arithmetic, or storage functions; data storage facilities such as magnetic tape, hard disk, 
floppy disk or drum, or cd mm; communications facilities directly relating to or operating in conjunction with such 
device; devices for printing records of data; and such records or data produced in various forms; manuals, 
documents, or instructional material relating to such devices. 
2) Computers, personal computers, computer peripherals, modems, computer printers, floppy disk drives, hard 
disk drives, diskettes, tapes, computer printouts, computer software, computer programs and applications, 
computer manuals, system documentation. 
3) Cameras, photographs, negatives, motion pictures, videotapes, magazines, books, and all other depictions of 
minors in sexual activity . 
4) Any device or equipment that can be used to transfer images to a computer readable format. 
5) Any written documentation or item containing password or encryption codes. 
6) Any notes, ledger, personal phone books, roladex, books and any form of recording data of records of 
payments, telephone numbers and names of girls that have frequented the house. 
7) Any sexual devices to which was used on the witness/victims. 
8) Any hair fiber, semen, or other bodily fluids. 
which Is being kept and used in violation of the laws of the State of Florida, to-wit: the laws prohibiting: 
1. Sexual Activity with certain minors 
2. Lewd and I stsrivious Molestation 
FSS 794.05(1) 
FSS 800.04(5c2) 
21' degree Felony 
2od degree Felony 
That the facts establishing the grounds for this application and the probable cause for believing that such facts exist 
are as follows: 
On 03/15/2005, 
went to 
where she met with a fourteen year old 
female. The female will hereinafter referred to as "The Victim." Also present was 
the victim's 
therapist. During an audio taped interview,
spoke with the victim who admitted to kno
worked for a wealthy man and possibly did sexual favors for him. She also admitted that 
had 
offered her an opportunity to' make money. 
The victim identified Mrs 
boss as a white male named "Jeff who lived in Palm Beach (Later positively 
identified as Jeffrey Epsteii. ...
victim explained that she was first approached by 
to go with her to Jeff's 
told her that she would pick her up at the victims house on Sunday. The victim
house. The victim stated 
was not sure oldie exact d ates but 'mew it vvas a Sunda .Accord' 
to the victim, 
along with a 
female, later identified as ME, picked her up at her 
The victim told her 
that 
they were going shopping. It was later confirmed by the victim's 
that 
picked bis daughter up on 
Page 2 
EFTA00809117
--- PAGE 6 ---
February 6, 2005. According to the victim's a 
=drove a pick up truck. 
rove the victim 
to Palm Beach. Sometime on the way there, a conversationoccurred between 
d the victim whereas 
=reportedly told the victim that if Jeff asked her (the victim) age, she should say she was eighteen. The 
victim recalled that Jeff's house was on a dead end street. The victim described Epstein's house as a two story 
pink house with a Cadillac Escalade parked in the driveway. 
The girls walked up a driveway, past what 
appeared to be a small guard/sectuity room. In fact, the victim recalled a male approaching them asking what they 
wanted. =stated they were there to see Jeff. The male allowed them to continue walking up to the house. 
The victim stated the man told them that Epstein was not there but was expected back. He allowed them to enter 
the house, via the kitchen. He offered them something to drink while they waited inside. Shortly after, Epstein and 
a woman, described as white with blond hair entered the kitchen. The victim believed the woman was Epstein's 
assistant The victim added that the woman did not seem friendly and kept her responses short and direct. Epstein 
introduced himselfto the victim as Jeff. The victim described Epstein as being approximately forty-five years old, 
a long face, and bushy eyebrows, with graying hair. 
and Epstein left the kitchen leaving the victim alone in the kitchen. They returned a short time later. They 
all spoke briefly in the kitchen. The victim stated the woman inslructed her to follow her upstairs, which she did. 
The victim recalled walking up a flight of stairs, lined with photographs, to a room. Upon entering the room there 
was a large bathroom to the right. The victim recalled a hot pink and green sofa in the room. There was a door 
on each side of the sofa. The victim recalled there being a mural ofa naked woman in the room, as well as several 
photographs of naked women on a shelf. According to the victim, the woman led her to a room that had a 
massage table in it. The woman started to fix up the room, putting the covers on the table and taking lotions out 
She then told the victim that Epstein would be up in a second. 
The woman left the room, and soon after, Epstein walked in wearing only a towel and told the victim to take off 
her clothes. The victim stated he was stern when he told her to take off her clothes. The victim said she did not 
know what to do as she was the only one there in the room. The victim took off her shirt leaving her bra on. 
Epstein, had removed his towel and told the victim to take offeverything . The victim stated Epstein exposed 
himself when he took his towel off, placing it on the floor as he laid down on the table. The victim stated she 
removed her pants leaving her thong panties on. Epstein then instructed her to give him a massage pointing to a 
specific lotion for her to use. As the victim began to give Epstein the massage, he told her to get on his back. The 
victim stated she straddled herself on Epstein s back. The victim stated her exposed buttocks were touching 
Epstein s bare buttocks. 
The victim said Epstein was specific in his instruction to her on how to massage, telling her to go clockwise, etc. 
Epstein thentumed over and instructed the victim, to massage his boobs. The victim resumed massaging his chest 
area. The victim was now standing on the ground. Epstein turned to his side, started to mb his penis in an up 
and down motion. The victim stated Epstein held on to the small of her back as she massaged his chest and 
shoulder area. Epstein pulled out a ptuple vibmtor and began to massage her vaginal area The victim stated there 
was no penetration as the vibrator was on top ofher underwear. The victim recalled Epstein ejaculating because 
he had to use the towel to wipe himself as he got off the table. 
Epstein then left the room and the victim got dressed. She went back downstairs where she met with 
The 
victim admitted to getting paid three hundred dollars in cash from1Sn. Before they left, Epstein asked the 
victim to leave her phone number. As they were leaving the house,.. stated she received only two hundred 
dollars that day for bringing her. 
Page 3 
EFTA00809118
--- PAGE 7 ---
On October 3 2005 
and I responded to the address of 
and viewed her vehicle parked in the 
driveway. 
and I knocked on the door and met with 
was told that we were 
investigating a claim involving Jeffrey Epstein of El Brillo in Palm Beach. 
was asked if she wanted to 
accompany us back to the police station for further questioning. She was also told that at the conclusion 6f the 
interview she would be returned home. 
Upon 
entry in the unmarked Detective vehicle, I placed a tape recorder within the vehicle to records 
conversations within the vehicle. Durin the ride back to the 
lice station, 
advised she is attending 
Upon our arrival at the police station, 
was brought to the interview room in the Detective Bureau. I 
explained to 
that I appreciated her willingness to assist us and informed her thatshould she desire to leave 
at any time she may do so. I furtherexplained the interview mom door is only closed for privacy. 
stated 
she understood. During the taped sworn interview 
was asked how she became in contact with 
stated back when she turned
 of age she was approached by a friend al' 
in the 
in Rivera Beach. 
was asked if she wanted to make money. 
She was told she would have to Re 
a massage and should make $200.00. 
thought about the offer 
and agreed to meet with Jeffrey. 
(Unknown last name) and Tony (Unknown last name) picked her up and 
she was taken to Epstein's house. Upon her arrival to the house she was introduced to Epstein in the kitchen of 
the house. She was also introduced to a white female known to her as 
She was led upstairs to the main 
bedroom known to her as Jeff Epstein's bedroom . ■arranged the massage table and covered the table with 
a sheet. She brought out the massage oils and laid them next to the massage bed. 
l
a
then left the room and 
informed her Jeff would be in, in a minute. Jeff entered the bedroom wearing only a towel. He laid on the table 
onto his stomach and picked a massage oil for 
to rub on him. During the massage, 
stated "He 
tried to touch me anclied him." I asked how did he tried to touch her. He grabbed her buttocks and she 
felt uncomfortable. 
also stated Epstein has a vibrator which is large and white in color. 
told 
Epstein, I'll massage you but I don't want to be touched. 
stated she performed the massage naked. At the conclusion ofthe massage, Epstein paid 
$200.00 
for the massage. He explain 
I know you're not comfortable, but I'll pay you if you bring some girls. He told 
her the younger the better. 
stated she once tried to bring a 23 year old female and E stein stated that the 
female was too old. 
was asked how many girls did she briny; in total to Epstein. 
stated six that 
she can remember. 
stated she brought 
and at the time they were brought to Epstein's house, all the girls were 14 through 16 years of age. 
I asked 
which one wsky2ungest. 
advised the victim was the youngest as she was fourteen 
when the massage occurred. 
stated every girl she brought knew what to expect when they arrived. They 
were told they would provide a massage, possibly naked, and some touching. I asked her if the victim was aware. 
She stated every girl she brought knew what to expect. She explained she knew the victim wanted to make 
money . She approached the victim and explained about going to work for Jeff. The victim agreed and 
arrangements werernacie to ' 
the victim to Epstein's house on a weekend.
stated that she and 
(Later identified as 
picked up the victim at the victim's house. They traveled to Epste' 
use 
and entered through the kitchen door. They met with the house chef and Epstein's assistant 
The victim was 
introduced to Epstein while they were in the kitchen area. tied the victim upstairs and Epstein went upstairs. 
When the massage was over, the victim returned to the kitchen area. 
Page 4 
EFTA00809119
--- PAGE 8 ---
stated she was paid $200.00 for bringing the victim to 
's house.= stated the victim told 
her she was paid $300.00 for the massage. Back in the vehi 
asked the victim what happened. The 
victim told her about the massage and they went shopping. 
stated the victim was the last persc.lie 
brought to Epstein. She Ruttier stated that she had changed her cellular number to avoid beingaiptacted ba. 
She continued that when Epstein announces to his assistant that he is traveling to Ealm Be4a 
would contact 
to arrange girls for Epstein. 
Mtstated that once herms discovered that she was visiting Epstein, they disapproved of the encounters 
with him and she sto • d.
 further stated 
till • *e t• all 
M.  entered the room and ex lained that based on her own statements, she had implicated herself by bringing 
underage girls to Epsteins house. 
was aware ofwhat she had stated and wished to assist further in hopes 
to receive a lesser charge . 
provided cellular telephone numbers for the girls she hagaigoned 
previously. Additionally, she also provided possible addresses and areas in which they lived. AS 
was 
o 
being taken home in the vehicle, a tape recorder
desiaced within the vehicle to record any conversations within 
the vehicle. During the drive back to herh
made the comment" I'm like a Heidi Flies?'. (Hollywood 
Madam who sent girls to clients for sexual favors in California). 
was dropped off at her house without 
incident. 
 and l went t
in an attempt to speak with 
. We met with Mrs. 
at the front door. We explained the ongoing 
investigation and felt th 
may have additional information as we had information that she had "worked" 
forJeff. . Mrs. 
introduced us to her husband and 
w us entry into the home. We sat in the dinning 
room and met with 
As she was under the age of eighteen, Mrs 
MEwasadvisedwewouldbes 
with her. She expressed ifher daughter had information, she wanted 
to assist. As we intervi 
, she denied having any inappropriate encounters with Jeff(Epstein). 
She stated she had gone to Jeff's House with-_ 
approximately eight months ago, and sat in lila
with the house chef, but nothing happened. As the parents were present during the interview, we felt tha 
and advised should she wish to speak with me again to telephone me. 
was withholdinginformationfrom us. She made several comments as to she has put the entire incident 
I left my direct telephone number 
bill 
and I thanked Mrs. 
for her time and left the ai .a. he stated she would ask her again after we left as to 
what happened at Epstein's house. I informed her that 
had my telephone number and hopefully she would 
call. 
• 
On October 4, 2005, 
and I drove to the 
home and met with 
During a sworn taped statement, 
stated she was taken to house by_—. 
She 
was told she could make money working for Jeff. She was told she would have to rc
p:tide a massage to Jeff. 
stated upon her arrival to the house she wisiiight to lichen area by 
They met with the 
house chef who was a 
in theldtchen area. 
stated 
would wait for 
the kitchen. 
She was introduced to 
Jeff's assistant, and was brought upstairs to the mater bedroom. 
prepared the 
room and masse e table for a massage. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel and she provided a 
massage. 
stated she kept her clothes on during the massage. 
Page 5 
EFTA00809120
--- PAGE 9 ---
She advised sometime during the massage, Epstein grabbed her buttocks and pulled her close to him. 
said she was uncomfortable by the incident involving Jeff. At the conclusion of the massage, she was paid 
$200.00 for the massage. I asked 
if she has any formal training in massages to which she replied no. I 
asked her if 
received any monies for taking her to perform the massage. 
stated =also 
received mono for taking her there but was unsure in the amount ofmonies 
received for bringing her to E stein. 
stated she returned to Epstein's house on another occassion with 
nand 
anothuirl 
stated she waited in the kitchen with a, 
while
Ms 
rated she only did the massage once as she was uncomfortable with the whole
taken upstairs by 
experience. At the conclusion of the interview, the tape was stopped. I was informed that Mhad attempted 
to reach 
via cell phone. A voice mail message on October 4, 2005 at 10:59 am, revealed a female voice 
who identified herself as 5w ho requested 
to call her back reference the police questioning. This voice 
mail message was recorded onto a micro cassette. 
rovided the incoming telephone number as 
ab 
stated she inadvertently told 
out the police investigation because I. 
had called her to tell her about how she ustreceived arental car
II
P 
=
from JeffEpstein. =Iliad 
called her to tell her that she was given a rental car, a 
asking questions. 
to utilize to visit fanlind visit Jeff. 
stated 
asked her what was goS on at the house that the police would be 
then called Jeff and Mind asked what was going on reference 
the ongoing police investigation. Accoraito 
since then been trying to contact her to ask 
about the police questions. I instructed 
not to contact 
and do not provide any more information to 
has 
as she would notify Jeff Epstein and ll what was transpiring. 
On October4, 2005, I made telephone contact with 
who had left several messages on voice mail. 
During the message, she advised she was not completely truthful when we met in person but would like to speak 
with me to advise what had happened. She further advised she did not want to 
ofthis incident in front of her 
IM At approximately 
made telephone contact with 
at MUM 
During 
a taped recorded statement, 
stated the following: Approximatelziyeasiwhen she was sixteen years 
of age, 
took herto Jeff's house twice. The first time she went, 
drove to the house. They 
entered through the kitchen area where she was introduced to Nand Jeff. She was taken upstairs to abedroom 
by 
and set the room up with a massage bed and brought out the oils to use. Jeff then entered the room 
wearing a towel . He laid on the table and picked out a lotion for 
to rub on him. At one point during the 
message, he tried to remove her shirt at which point she became very upset and discontinued the massage. Both 
and Jeffrey had a verbal disagreement at which time she left without being paid. 
She got with 
who was sitting in the kitchen and told her "let's go." 
advised she received 
no money for that day. 
also said that 
had told her if she was uncomfortable with what was 
going on, to let him know and he'll stop. She hew that the more you do the more you get paid. 
advised that several weeks later, she agreed to be taken a second time by 
=I 
Once they 
arrived at the residence, 
sat in the kitchen, and El took her upstairs to the master bedroom again. 
IIIset the room up with a massage bed and brought out the oils to use. Jeff then entered the room wearing a 
towel. He laid on the table and picked out a lotion for 
to rub on him. At one point during the massage, he 
tried to touch her buttocks. 
Page 6 
EFTA00809121
--- PAGE 10 ---
As Sivaswearing tight jeans and hada tight belt on Jeff was unable to touch her buttocks. Jeffthen rolled 
onto his back during the massage, he attempted to touch her breasts. 
hen became upset again and told 
she didn't want to be touched. 
iscontinued the massage and was paid $200.00. 
downstairs where 
as waiting for her. She told 
he wanted to leave. 
never returned to the house. 
tated she is aware that her frien 
and had a problem with Jeff. She provided a telephone number for 
The interview  was concluded and 
the micro cassettes were turn in as evidence. 
d discovered she resides 
and met with =eat 
her residence 
eed to speak with us in the ldtchen area. 
ted the following: 
On or about November 2004, She was approached by 
asked ifs e wanted to make money. 
She agreed and was told she would provide a massage to wealthy man in Palm Beach. =picked her up and 
drove her to a house in Palm Beach. She was brought into the kitchen area ofthe house. She further stated that 
and 
came with them. They were brought into the kitchen where she was 
introduced to Jeffand other females. 
tated she was introduced to a female helper ofJeff, the female was 
described as white female (unknown name ), with blond hair. She stated that the assistant was familiar with 
= 
The assistant brought her upstairs into a master bedroom area. The assistant set up the massage table 
and put out lotions to be used. She told = 
Jeff would be available in a minute. Jeff entered the room 
wearing only a towel. Jeffremoved his towel, exposing himself, laid on the massage table and picked a lotion 
to nib on his thighs and back. =further stated during the massage, Jeff asked her to remove her clothes. 
She complied and removed her pants and blouse. =didn't remember if she had removed her bra but feels 
that she did. 
was certain that she stayed in her thong underwear. =continued the massage and at 
one point she straddled him to massage his back, which touched his buttocks with hers. 
was instructed 
to return to thefiniddait which Jefftumed to have his chest rubbed. =advised she was unsure if he was 
masturbating.
'd not want to look at his penis area because she was uncomfortable. Jeff removed a large 
white vibrator which was next to the bed and turned it on. 
stated he began rubbing the vibrator over her 
thong underwear on her vagina area. Shortly thereafter, Jeff ejaculated and removed himself from the table. He 
walked over to where the shower was and opened the glass door. She waited as he was taking a shower in her 
directview. When I asked 
w old she was when this occurred, she stated she had just turned seventeen. 
At the conclusion of the shower, 
was paid either $350.00 or $400.00. She stated she wasn't sure , but 
knows it was close to $400.00. At the conclusion ofthe interview, 
stated she never returned to provide 
a massage for Jeff. She advised she was ashamed and uncomfortable with the situation. 
d I drove 
At 
oximatel 2:10 m
and I met with 
at her residence 
in 
As 
was only seventeen years of age,lhad notified her 
Mrs 
, at 
she would be interviewed reference an ongoing investigation in Palm Beach. I ass 
ter that her daughter was 
gilse
o . I explained the possibility of her being either a witness or victim. Mrs 
cooperate and consented to the interview. During a sworn taped statement, 
advised sh
stated the 
e wanted 
c
following: at the age ofsixteen, during the month of September 2004, she was approached by 
a chance to make money. 
was friends with the friends of 
and knew the same people. 
been previously told by her friends what 
did for Jeff. 
called a person known to 
as 
scheduled the appointment. 
picked 
up and drove her to Palm beach to a street called Brillo Way. 
They drove to the end ofthe street and entered a large driveway. They entered the kitchen area ofthe house and 
met with Jeff. 
was introduced to Jeff. 
Page 7 
EFTA00809122
--- PAGE 11 ---
stated she observed numerous photographs of naked young girls throughout the house. 
led—
upstairs to the main bedroom area arto 
the room with a massage table and set out the oils. 
dimmed 
the lights and turned on soft music. 
exited the room and Jeff entered the room wearing only a towel. Jeff 
picked a oils and instructed her to rub his legs, under his buttocks, back and chest area. Jeff asked her to get 
comfortable. 
advised she did not remove her clothes. She was wearing tight jeans and a cropped tank top 
exposing her belly area. 
During the massage, Jeffremoved his towel and laid on the mi.-mirage table naked. As 
rubbed his chest area, 
Jeff attempted to reach down her pants through the buttocks area however was unable to due to the tightness of 
the jeans and a tight belt. 
advised Ieffbegan to masturbate as she rubbed his chest. Jeff moaned as she 
rubbed his chest. She observed he was continuing to masturbate and attempted to reach up her tank top and touch 
her breasts. 
,pulled back and Jeff stopped. However he kept masturbating until he cl imaxed. He cleaned 
himself with the towel he was previously wearing. I asked 
ifshe knew the difference about circumcised and 
not circumcised meant. She explained she 'mew and advised Jeffwas circumcised. 
was paid $200.00 for 
the massage. And left the area. She met with 
who was waiting in the kitchen area and left the house. 
then explained she never provided another massa e for Jeff She did however, go to the house with 
as theytook another friend o 
advised she was present when 
went to work for Jeff. She advised she rode over and sat in the kitchen area with 
to wait for 
advised while the waited for=l, 
the house chefprepared lunch for them as it was almost lunchtime 
was finished vvith the massage, theStthe area. I aikeirir 
AS 
ever told 
when they went. As 
would be expected possibly naked and possibly some touching involved. 
her what would be expected when she provided a massage. NE stiles, 
told her that a massage 
has no formal training inproviding 
massages. 
i
Ill
rove another girl,MIM, 
who 
spoke about a third and last time she went to Jeff's house. 
d
is 
friend, to Jeff's house. 
stated 
knew that 
had made money, massagi
fand 
wanted to make mone herself. 
took them in the kitchen area of the house and introduced
 to 
III. 
and 
took 
upstairs to the main bedroom. 
advised she doesn't know what 
happened as 
did not speak about what hapad 
in 
the room. 
received $100.00 from 
for 
going with her to Jeff's house and recommending 
. 
was unable to remember 
telephone 
number. The interview was concluded and we left the area. 
On October 6, 2005, at I I :45 am, I met with 
atillUniversitand explained to her why we there 
to interview her. She advised she was aware of the ongoing investigation. 
stated shehadpreviouslupoken 
with 
who told her she was interviewed by detectives. During a sworn taped statement, ME stated 
she knew that 
worked for Jeff in Palm Beach. IN advised she has been there a lot of times for 
massages. I asked her if she had formal training in providing massages, which 
stated she had not. 
advised she was told what was expected of her by providing massages and would have to remove clothing but if 
she felt uncomfortable just to say so and Jeff would stop pushing the issue.. began providing massages and 
advised she kept her clothes on. She considered Jeff apemen and hc kept pushing to go further and further. III 
explained she would keep telling him she had a boyfriend and would not be right to her boyfriend. It wasn't until 
recently,Ill admitted to removing her clothes and staying in her thong underwear to provide a massage.. 
explained he wanted to be rubbed on his back and recently he began turning over and have her rub his chest as 
he masturbated. He would try to touch her breasts as she rubbed his chest. 
Page 8 
EFTA00809123
--- PAGE 12 ---
brought into the room with her. At the conclusion of the interview 
University and located the 
rent a car out of the Palm Beach International Airport. 
IIIstated"Jeffwould try to get an iwith more and more on each massage". Originally, 
drove herto 
the house forthe original massage. 
left Sliher cell phone number and every time Jeffwould come into town, 
Would call her for an appointment. Each time she went Mwould meet her at the kitchen door area. She 
would bring her upstairs and prepare the massage table. 
vised Jeff would ask her questions about her. He 
knew she was a soccer player and would be attending 
I asked al ifhe knew her real age, 
stated Jeff didn't care. The most recent massage she provided was on October I, 2005. 
, 
Dunnthe massage, she asked Jeff if she could borrow one of his vehicles to visit he
in 
Jeff had told her she could borrow one of his vehicles but later stated he would rent her a car. She 
continued with the massage as Jeff grabbed her buttocks and caressed the buttocks checks. I asked 
f she 
was wearing undergarments to which she replied her thong underwear. Once he tried to touch her breasts, she 
would pull away from him and he would stop. awas asked ifhe ever used a vibrator onher. IIIII was aware 
of the vibrator but advised she never would allow him to use the vibrator on her. She described the vibrator as 
the large white vibrator with a huge head on the tip of the vibrator. She stated he kept the vibrator in a closet near 
the massage table. lilladvised she had been doing the massage for approximately two years which meant she 
would have started doing massages for Jeff at the age of sixteen. 
stated she was contacted by Mon October 3,2005. 
had informed her that Jeffhad rented her a new 
d she should come by the house to pick it up. 
informed 
she would have the car fora 
month. 
stated Jeff knew her car was not working properly and had missed appointments in the past because 
of her car being inoperable. 
ex lained the car is current' 
next to the Gym field. I asked her if she 
ever took any one to the house. 
explained she took 
a friend of hers who has returned 
to 
to attend college. I asked if she ever allowed another female in the room. 
advised no one was 
and I went to the Gym area o 
The vehicle is registered to 
On Octobi ll 2005, 
and I had traveled to Jacksonville, Florida and met with...a 
date 
ofbirth, NEM. 
explained she had gone to E 
house since she was sixteen. She explained she 
was brought to the house to perform a massage b 
Once she began explaining that the massage 
immediately escalated to other things, she further explained she bad gone to the house hundreds of times. 
.stated she became his "number one girl." She would enter the house and get naked in the bedroom. She 
would then start with a back massage. Epstein would roll on to his back and allow her to massage his chest area. 
a
stated Epstein would then began to masturbate himself and at the same time would insert his fingers in her 
vaginaand masturbate her with his fingers. 
explained Eain would continue this process until he ejaculated. 
He would then utilize a vibrator/mas 
eronhervaginauntil 
ejaculated. MI advised that during her frequent 
visits E stein asked for her real age, Ill stated she was sixteen. Epstein advised her not to tell anyone her real 
age, advised that thin escalated within the home as Epstein would pay at have intercourse with his 
assistant, 
Epstein would watch and masturbate as he was watt • . Occasionally, Epstein 
would tel.' Lin in during the intercourse and provide oral sex to bothEland 
This occurred during 
the time 
was sixteen years of age. 
a
advised this continued to escalate and occurred during two years. The routine became familiar to fl
Epstein's assistant II would telephone her everylime Epstein was in the Town ofPalm Beach and would place 
appointments forher to visit and work for Epstein. Estated Epstein would photograph them naked and having 
sex and proudly display the photographs within the home. 
Page 9 
EFTA00809124
--- PAGE 13 ---
III continued to come to the house and was 
d approximately $400.00 to $600.00 every time she went. El 
stated during a massage involvio 
Epstein turned Hall on to her stomach on the massage bed 
and inserted his penis into her vagina. 
stated Epstein began to pump his penis in her vagina. ■ 
became 
upset over this . 
She said her head was being held against the bed forcibly, as he continued to pump inside her. She screamed no 
and Epstein stopped. She told him that she did not want to have his penis inside of her. Epstein apologized for his 
actions and subsequently paid her a thousand dollars for that visit. ■ 
stated she knows he still displays her 
photographs through out the house. 
Your affiant recalled working a previous case within Epstein's residence on October 5,2003, when Epstein 
reported a theft from within his house. A former, disgmntled houseman was suspected in stealing monies from the 
house. At that time, I observed several covert cameras which, would capture and record images of anyone 
within the residence. Epstein had purchased covert cameras which were built in wall clocks and table clocks. 
These images were then downloaded.onto a proprietary spy ware software for later viewing. 
WHEREOF, affiant make thi s affidavit and pray the issuance of a search warrant indue form oflaw forthe search 
of the above described premises for the said property, heretofore described, and for the seizure and safe keeping 
of the property, subject to the order of this Honorable Court or such other Court having jurisdiction over the 
offense, by the duly constituted officers of the law. 
AFFIANT 
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 1 e day of October, 2005 . 
RIDGE in and for Palm Beach County, Florida 
Page 10 
EFTA00809125
--- PAGE 14 ---
OW" 
Orin MD 
0:onork-Rne 
POUND 
DECEASED (PrcostoM , 
„ 9 PEASORSLIrr-ror... , 
CONFISCATED 
ostracrty
DI mot:Pict 
01RIAd.  
LiteorupoRy 
• 
volivenscovsttsti • 
CI onrEn 
RECOVERED ' • 
PROPERN NUMBER fun %MO 
BIN lititAlei Rave WON 
octostmemnoN NJMBER -' 
Intone 
C.. 
2- 4 
l in -1.-C. - Ce 0  0 
C.: 
ADDREs9 WHERE 
PROpENCE amokila*-- ; 
(--
 ihm 
CESCOVERED'itWEIX 
MORESS 
SEW 
CO 
Dv 
PHONE NUDGER 
OWNER / viCTiors NAME/DAB 
ADDRESS 
Street 
Co 
220 
PHONE NUMBER 
SUSPECTS NAME/ 0.0,D .(-- 
-.cit . ,. 
scpcku
e 
C 
ADDRESS 
Strout 
Oiy 
217 
3546 izt. PatIA.,
PHONE NASSER 
ADOTTOIL SUSPECT I M.S. 
ACORES
- 
S 
SOON 
Op 
zo 
PHONE MAASER 
SPECIAL INECTRIXTIONS 
.. 
MUMS PROPERTY 
CLAIM 0 
. 
so OAST 
. 
NOT Cy449 
ATE7A a • QUANTITY 
VALUE 
• 
0B3tivinai 
/ 
/ 
/C A l.v V ' • it. 
_.' / i i 
( V 
t
. si )1 I. 44, 
-I 
‘ 
.2 
Pt, I Uf ' 
.41-641.4t2r; r- 4:, • .. .- 
I 
7: 4 4 
+ ,'" •,"1-- .i" • 7_'I 
. 
— 
, , / 
.e.S, , f
+Ili
. y 0 f a r z 
dti "(CT g.4 ,--..1) ifs.l.ti . • ; icr - C /ft 
i ? 
- EC' 
/ 
. 
SAK
I :eid
e r: 
l'
-' r 
p l y 
.- . ;Pi 1.7)-
 ; j:( .; f I: i .. 
; Itl-  :4 ' a' ' ';' 
' 
/ 
,i' •l ar.: I Alt it 
I, t • e 
,f.-Cit i  " r'' 
ril,;. 1 A f fi 
id: ; er 
i 
,. . C #11
r 
-.7r  
• 7Cenv..; 
dr• 
• r 
t ... i' DI en * i ( Jr 
- ^ 
_ 
G. 
ei A 
ic ri. 
r ill!; -C4.4 •., r 
••-• 1 r 
- 41 
:' 
.,
 - t?
' 
et ,„Gn 
, 
177(35r l i e' 
in Lit 
...---J," 
Aly /7 
l 
64.fki Sr rc-critti4 Z-1/2
 .0 ./i  C.) 
/ 
Uzi it 
: e I 
i. 
t
i 
1 
PI 
t -??,1-•, " -I 
in 
li:etin 
e 
—4L"-  - 1: ' q 
i. -A 
1.;:). • - 
-__ 
'14....
.. 
-7 ‘
afre:/, 7 
N rii• . -71.(14 e tot ni fit A team. 
: ' '... • 
I
Pit; 
j r%• 
It .• :121 17 4 i t • •' 
t ' 1." C 
f.'.1/ 
Pk tt .0 et 
/! 
.3_ 
• 
ft. 
/ 
I - 1) 
I - i 
-rctiVrl
. 
.:.I A 
• 
. 
. 
I 
0: •••• 
.. 
---; 
r 
#. 
' 
'CI ..t i 
I A 
a 
- 
.. 
, • : it. '-‘
 it 
. 
- MM. PACKAGE WEIGHT 
... 
I horovy ocloWeret4o that Po SOY° list MOOMArto a property LIMA 
From mo ono that I haw° ArEolood o copy al FM to pt 
-- . - - - 
I heroin acrAnoolleOga rot EN aD$'a got moose* orrartvoriy Marcum:ea 
by rnotti Ito of110110 plultentroo of my dot/ pa a ;lotto arrow. 
N N 
i li .1/4... 
nci <. 
) 
- 
SIONA
-----T17AE - 
DATE 
$IGNATU 
' 
De 
UNIT 
RECEIVED DY 
REASON 
i 
OATE/TNIE RECEIVED 
--
J 
PAM GESICWPOLICE DEPARTMENT 
PROPERTY RECEIPT 
mull* 
El i  
°CC
coNTRiBu OR'S COPY 
• 
t 
• 
t 
06373 
EFTA00809126
--- PAGE 15 ---
• 
Pepe; ewe X32 
op 
PALM REACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
..a1
Oc raf
brI rENZ 
11? 
CONTRIBUTOR'S COPY 
Q PROPERTY 
sviorttcp 
CI FOUND 
C
I
DECEASED (Ptobatee0 
O PERSONAL. 
CONABC MED 
O DESTROY 
Ya TAM 
U LABORATORY 
Q gtoted!Ecovuteb 
CI Cate 
PICIDENTOCIYATION NUMBER 
(2 
(C Cr 
ADDRESS WIJEREPROPERTy WOUNDED 
_ 
C: 
DISCOVERED BY t oat 
OATEMWE RECOVERED 
PROPERTY MATHER (Lowe Wok) 
filINNUMSER Mew Mew 
AbnPlett 
OWNER !VICTIM'S MUM! I 1•011 
ADDRESS 
susncts NAME 
L 
fc 
ADUi'NL. SUSPECT/D.0.8. 
ADDRESS 
SPECULLIN61RUCTIONS 
iTENW ourelnry 
Sestet 
City 
PHONE HUMMER 
Scoot 
Gay 
2P 
PHONE MARTEN 
Swot 
City 
PHONE NUMBER 
i 
PHONE NUMBER 
POUND PROPERTY 
DAYS 
MAW CI 
NOT CLAD CI 
DES:WM* 
/4 
/6
a 
,the 
I 
V 
Cbi l 
2. .1,2
tes'll) 
ire e CI of C! 
'Ur 
f 
?at 
et 
P
¶ 
..ti•••-.)i 
Pr) ' 4 e r  
i tt eta
./ 
•,) 
7ne: 
2: I erg(' 
( Se?' , • t 
r /ri. te. 
•Pale 
c
••• 
ri•pr) elf IA 
p 
I 
•-, 
Dv
Ion 
6. T 
AIA/T6 
ref 
Ice...vat 3 
al 
99. 
a A 
.24 
it 
2. 
I 
t • 
•• 
mg., • • 
e' : 'IC • . 
r lc
( • T;.•I 445 C 
at 
bct • 
•-• .1,v4' 
•:b • ft-
t•• 
Pisa int 
t -le 
ov, 
r
e 
Pi:este C. 
re' iat 
61r 
t" sic.) 
, 
t ip 
e 
ALA 
rn 
i4V 
C 
,t tr. Totp(co 
Lit 1 
- 2, • 
et. 
-F 
I 
; et" 
Lib: 
/ 
ft 
y. girl
)  e • 
e 
:4(1 
a
-• M
.. 4 
1.6 
.•; 
INF 
.42.ir 
Uri 
1/41 
.1
' 
TOMPACKApfi WEIGHT 
I hereby °Mateo* Mat tho bo,e latremsotteabrOtetty taken 
horn no tirtil)rel I tyrnte voceboe • copy at tit teooTPT• 
SIGNATURE 
RECEIVED BY 
DATE 
i••• 
' 
hereby acknowlelgolbet the above eat Tebeeseete rN paTporrOmbanclod 
by ma k, the cieDie patietreenoe of my way as • poike Secat. 
"%S.44161"k-S
k
REASON 
V. 
OASIREcErysti," 
06314 
EFTA00809127
--- PAGE 16 ---
PALM pews PCILICEceminmEwr 
CONTRIBUTOR'S t 
PY 
POPO MOP VIZ 
ca PRourtv 
grAIND 
DECEASED evolseleo 
4ERSONAL 
CONFISCATED 
DESTROY 
CI Emmet 
mitt 
4ABORAIORT 
. 0 011atti4SCNENIO. 
CI OMER 
. 
. 
ociaerscrtAnon friumiasn 
i 
— 
362 
DATIMME RECOVERED. 
' 
ito-90-05 
PRCPERWN:00BER $aw Br) 
BIN NUMBER Beta 818003 
ORES$MNETE PROPERTY Raeolaramp 
LC) ? r I 
tor, I 
NUMBER 
OISCOVERID BT /OAR 
AMINE 
ate! 
• 
Ott 
pa 
RHONE 
ORM i VICTIMS MAE 1 MOS. 
ADORERS 
OEM 
OW 
LO 
. 
. 
• 
PHONE NUMER 
SUSRECr9NAUE / DOS. C4,- 2O n t 7,
1:-  • 34--r vi 
r  RC
rt3litcrt, 
.
,, 
- *DREW 
TIP 
. _ 
PHONE NUMBER 
_ 
PHONE NUMBER 
.... LEW 
c- rt atm 
MUMS 
drP 
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS 
PaIND BROvErrry 
CLAI 
9D DAYS 
NOT 
4-'
credo Quivenn_ave 
ompoornon 
- 
.7 7 
i r
pelt S.h..eltnangfertAIMAA0LA Nigt.MMV4l04.00, DL cm 
2$r 
I 
/kV 
FO"/1 ote lay brats /nut • 4,-Dirty. sx ei ieliVt.4. 
Ric :t z. CL Ne ••,/"• 
_,Oril
l
Pr 4 . 
ti121.01.
fe
C
A;Liegat 
I  Olt 
c ALIN -7/0 tut a 
_11,_:_AIL ig• coliala A•0•3 . 7 ' 
.•••• 
6. 
jai/ 
f &Mei; 0 Nola. t rt,. rot iv. eV; 
a' - /WW1 r 4•1"47."Cfp: 
1 
I 
At( ke . Greottititits.."Ag TAO( Pil Ai .. 1 4111 .....1. 44' it.e. et 1.0:04 in 
i 2. 
/ 
re If 
Jain+ r W 1A,,kira 2 A6APeins.vr., g.:.n. CPU W. i n 
:,' in r., KR/et/ 
/ 
JAY *on ro M loll,. ,, s ,fit• yr Colt, "I rt
. 
544 114/1": „UV. 
. 
-elq J414f( 4, 14 . _rt 0:5 
I-; tar, 
n Lir t r 
s.:r k ., i ( 1,.e.r) . 
. .5, 
G 
. 
-2-19 x - A es -6,,,,e) 
zaieriok e a c.. c 
(dy 
.2 
At he, 
it ri € : 
'it 
• F 
'S. 
(/.. ee tr? 
A, A.4 r c: e. : e
Z 
( 
AI 
.
. 
/4 
if; ih. tank froth An/4 re, se 
'ZS 
• 
i
i f le ,AP' 
IAEA' 
IQ 
ka l i rt..... f 0 
Ct. L. i • 4, c,.::. ( 
-T1 
2.1_1)  C/,.5 fig!.., 
,1.4 re, C e 
...,2
4-.,
 , 
,, 
e" 
LE 
S I; 
clan 
. r 
A 1.— . e C * vc 
(
i ir ...,.." 15: 40 „id..
.. Ittlakimenotsr 
6(4,- 51 k..t.st 
/ 
I beryaditcerledge that the okay.° 1tt Noteern SC eniperty token 
Romeo ml Shot I have mowed a copy 01 94O 're ct. 
I heivtroettnettlidgelherthe an* Bet wrest 
el 00Polif WVOUrICW:1 
by mn In the OMNI poll0rmoto of My duty eve otek:o Melt 
. "---) 
, 
' Iii 
-N 
—1 
/ 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
I 
100 
UNIT 
RECEIVED BY 
REPtSON I 
DATE/TIME RECEIVED 
./ 
06375 
EFTA00809128
--- PAGE 17 ---
ifteueitteravouct revigSatir 
moperirtnedidst 
CONTRIBUTOR'S COY 
Pr t0PEFITY 
. 
 U
 .
. .. 
. 
Ci DECEAGENThebeted) 
• UL pan o p it 
CI. WOW/TED 
cesium? 
evivece 
toot 
U us:molly 
ettitestoow_mc, 
clOY1iFR 
INOMOMOTANONNUMBER 
ri)Q--.je,e; 
Davits& RETCOVEREO 
//) -/-20--05 
PROPERTY NUMBER Ban OWN 
BM N!JM0ER 0.9109 TOM 
ADDTfE
-5,-, 
ED 
.,. _., . 
DISCOVERED if f DOS 
ARMEN 
g,1061 
Ai' 
DP 
PHONE NUMBER 
OMIO7li swat DRAT. 
. 
ACOIESS 
SW 
COY 
Air 
• 
ITIONENUMBER 
suspecrs wow A. 
c:..1, 
' S 
FOS ki 0 . 
 !e t.ft 
QM" 
0„ 
tr
y 
- 1,- 
a) 
2'19 v 
JA\ku 
PHONE NUMBER 
Aogrm_ SUBPECIT T.O.B. 
POWS 
OM 
Op 
a 
PHONE PRIMER 
SPEW& INSTRUCTIONS 
POMO PROPERTY 
cos 0 
RAYS 
tarcvas CI 
!TOO ENEMY 
vatkE, 
DESCR/PTIGH
ill 
, PlAdot, 
s. i 
a ., ei
rt- 
movie Sileite 
A r L, 
?cn 
ic. 
14. a 
, 
2" 2N ' if. fl 2. v y- r2 r t AC _Se 4 on. 
&Vat i..., .......1 il—
A 
7s
4.31i4 ;et 
fa, 
ci f  ic; re f 
Pa_ 
:4r I ti '',1 
El -0. r • .i. i 
Pc.,  . 1 2
U it 1 
' ( Pa 
fiv,,v2 b Li st C I 
P,-'I .••• (4. en
S 
/0 
.._. 
Alin 
"(a --.' r .7n z2-4..:( 
.7 ....1 
i4e. •( •i• -.1 :". :/"/"." . 
• .•‘• , 
L 
. .. 
...•1••• kie /V in -k 
, . e. 
: .. de. . . . 
fa 
:, 
, 
. 
, ., ,s- 1•/J•..- A, v 
_ 
; 
, . ... 
ZIP 
O ic 4 
i "6
-i.:1, r i en : f 'mg 
r•. • 
' 
. 
) ‘,, 
# ?tit 
P 
sR es- 
4,91 12-v,...., AvA itc.1 Tt _.Ant ce 
l'-' ibefle 
9^
I
ii
41(Ster71.! c boo k 
l 
- 'i-7 
,. e: el  - : • • • ', 
, 
• ".. 
fc ' 
e t .1 • e--
I 
, ! ... ' ',.••dje /...4- :,,,t 
S1 
.., 
-t 
i 
,1 . ..,,,,ar, <- 
• 6: ,. /1 / JrA ' v 1.1 
 - 
Y....' • it " 
St 
..-
-) 
... 
J 
f. ,•• .,.. k 
.• 
CS; I 
C elk 
"".4 O141 
IA lo '' ; i P„. t . “, 
Li•, • 
_ TOTAL MCKEE 'SOOT 
. 
I heisbytessielbeibititlbe above Pat roomer% ea Myatt), tokon 
from me we %MI tem 11,06IVOti a copy of Mk rvonfot 
I tiorebyadvaltatoinglhat vett ropnannta all:propotly vapoundod 
by nib oi tfto ofOtIet prormance of my dirty it a pckt ogicor. 
.. .., 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
IG0 
UNIT 
RECEIVED BY 
REASON i, 
V 
) - 
DATE/ThAE RECEIVED 
I 
p. AL
.
A 
nAl 76 
EFTA00809129
--- PAGE 18 ---
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
PROPERTY RECEIPT 
S 
CONTRIBUTOR'S COPY 
PROPERLY 
tarikli ItlieRSIMI !It- uerr 
CI FOUND 
DECEASED (Prams dl 
a 
PERSONAL 
U CONFISCATED 
U DESTROY
eicnnornct 
Sil TRIAL 
CI LABORATORY 
CI STOLEIMMCOVERED 
; CI OTHER 
eiCIDEUVCRATIO,N1.0187,- -‘ 
MEM& RECOVERED 
i(I ) -.. L.;,1 r; ,:i c: 
PROPERTY NUMBER (Lien Dille 
Buy NUMBER mom Sere 
PROPERTY 
).
ADDRESS WHERE 
IMPOUND" 
e
re' 2 
t •• •• ••• 4 • 
IN. 
DISCOVERED Ere t 0.0S. 
ADDRESS 
Street 
GB' 
2p 
_ 
PONE NUMBER 
CAVNERS NAME/ D.O.S 
ADDRESS 
Smret 
OM 
a 
MANE NUMBER 
SUSPECTS NAME/ D.O.B. 
/- d ir.)-  .tt 
i- P t:41"1 ', \ 
..re 
t t 
ADDRESS 
Sent 
Crty 
EM 
I 
t 
, 
p:- - r 
irt 
• 
_..., -, 
L. 
.7 
". ... 
PHONE NUMBER 
*Dorn. SUSPECT/ Dusk 
ADDRESS 
Stilt 
CRY 
EP 
PHONE NUMBER 
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS 
FOUND PROPERTY 
curies CI 
- 
DAYS 
NOT CLAIM 0 
'ITEM 0 ClUANITCY VALUE 
DESCRIFT)Cy
. 
C-4.1 
- 
; 
C; 
I AL) t.:. r; 
, r i 
4, Li^ p,: f J. i.:;" ' 
5E , ,
ii r i 
. in-.. , 
. 
..s 
,i 
, 
P...h.‘..1 
7: '.. I • i 
I. ° 
I i.... 11  . 
.I. 
47: C T. 
— — 
.. 
( :`•
c.— —..- 
. 
J 
I 
... 
Ifr?•:'t If" J • 
_;_ 1 
• < e".'•c% •%; r 7' r..0 i t.-
TOTAL PACWAG WEIGHT 
I teneby acknowledge Mel the MOM Ast leplmOrrte di PrePORY tale 
kern cm and that I how roceluod • copy ot Mb ',cold*. 
I tetetrysoltereetedg0 MO Me above Mt repromerte all erotrotly Irreoundn0 
"*...!",/ In Its steal teetteentince el my duty as • erolloo omelet. 
IC, 
4\ 
.4‘;:l ........../ 
} -fr
SIDNATURE 
DATE 
SIMIAN E 
\ 
..\_ 
IDO 
UNIT 
RECEIVED BY 
REASON 
I," 
\ 
DATEMME RECEIVED 
j 
06377 
EFTA00809130
--- PAGE 19 ---
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
PIWO Penn rat 
D PROPERTY 
la FOUND 
O DECEASED (PMIMHOO) 
O PERSONAL 
O CONFISCATED 
O DESTROY 
7i 4MACIENCE 
SigniAL 
O LABORATORY 
O STCA.ENDRECOVERED 
Cl ona 
INCIDENT/CITATION NUMBER 
CĄ 
DATE/TIME RECOVERED 
4v 7 c.0 C' i i 
PROPERTY NUMBER mews Mn> 
BIN NUMBER (WWII DNOM 
ADORESSXERWOPER1TeMIOUNDT.D2  it r i
DISCOuEREO GY i O.O.O. 
ADDRESS 
Svga 
Cify 
at 
PHONE NUMBER 
OWNER'S NAME ł MOS. 
ADDRESS 
Sloes 
aty 
PHONE NUMBER 
SUSPECT'S HAW t 0.0.S. i 
( • , •' 
• 
ADDRESS 
Street 
My ,;/ 
-- a, 
PHONE NUMBER 
ADOTNL. SUSPECT i D.O.B. 
ADDRESS 
SOW 
City 
2b 
PHONE NUMBER 
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS 
FOUND PROPERTY 
CLAM O 
DAYS 
. ••4•820- CLAN a 
......... '.:-...... 
ITEM i 
QUANTITY 
VALUE 
DESCRIPTION 
! 
6prit-1 
kk-J 
Pi 
';:;) . ,:i 
f ire, f-vtl/E• 
TOTAL PACKAGE 
PACKAGE WEIGHT 
I hereby acklowledge thst IM 'bon lit represonte all property token 
Irm mo and that I new received a copy of Ills rOSOI. 
I laby acknosleSso Its Sto Sow.* nprosente el propony tnpoundod 
by mo In Dn °DOW pmfonnonce of my duty amok. ornem. 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
SIGNATURE/ 
J 
itry 
UNIT 
RECEIVED BY 
REASON 
i 
k.." 
DATE/TIME RECEIVED 
i 
/ 
PROPERTY RECEIPT 
/4.1  
t 
Ii i; Ai
CONTRIB'JTOR'S COPY 
EFTA00809131
--- PAGE 20 ---
• to • • • 
. 
„ 
PALM B CH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
PER'TY RECEIPT 
minx m 
O PROPorty 
a FOUND 
O DECEASED Indmet• 
O MAMMAL 
CI CONRSCAIED 
manor 
PIPADENCE 
5PRIAL 
U lADORATORY 
CI SIONENNIECOVERED 
CI O1Nen 
INEIDENTOYATION RINSER 
• 
i 
DATERSINE RECOVERED 
ID 20o( 14/ei 
PROPSMY NUMMI Rpm IW0 
SIN KANDER Arm Mina 
ADDRED857
9RMERTYCpor, 
2114 NO 
. 
• 
DISCOVERED BY/ 0.013. 
ADDRESS 
Sem 
My 
ZIP 
PHONE NuNDID% 
criniERS NAME/ DAN 
ADORERS 
; 
SSW 
OCI 
EP 
PHONE NUWDER 
SUSPECTS NAME/ D.O.S. N . ,9 ..% N 
11-7/I4kJerst
.
ADDRESS 
Strew 
ary 
4, 
ask' R. _- 
PHONE MAWR 
AWOL SJSPECY t DOA 
ADDRESS 
SOW 
Cly 
ACNE muss& 
SPECIAL permucnosor 
rpt,S Pnourrrr 
mum 0 
M DAYS 
WIELDY O 
ISE•I a OVAMITY 
VALUE 
DESSASETION 
I 
Phone message. book (kitchen) 
. 
Phone ntessagi book (office off kitchen) 
file folder (messages) with 2 more files.
I 
Shredded paper marked amber in office off kitchen 
Orange file folder marked 'message" 
..... -- 
"kerns 2.5 from office off kitchen 
Beige message table off from closet off 
Brown message table off from foyer 
S 
Black framed photo of nude girl 
Pictures in frame----•items 64 from closet off foyer 
.-- 
•up arrow` from yellow blue room off kitchen 
IS 
\3 
home from office off Pool area 
I I 
\Photos from table on left sitting room off pool area 
Photos from table on right sitting room off pool area 
TOTAL PACKAGE WEIGHT 
I Web/ 
Mal On nen 
JO lapinana 
Mon 
I news/ wono;neose 
by no In as ORM Notarnann 
1St Rs aft* 
na facinnata ea PiaPrty bneagnani 
W my any re a pate sr. 
- \ ° q< 
\) -7 
n thenni 2 0 
en poverty 
trim no NM Northern mw&aj a ago of IN npc*Ipt. 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
MONA 
ION 
oar 
RECEIVED BY 
REASON 
OATt/TDAE RECEIVED 
c l -M74.
• 
PAGE 1 OF 5 
CONTBIBUTOR'S COPY 
06379 
EFTA00809132
--- PAGE 21 ---
"Po 
irs2 
rworarry 
Cli FOUND 
()DECEASED 
a 
Ov a* 
PERSONAL 
CONRSCATED 
oramar 
canoe 
/CE 
APRIAL 
usortarowl 
U groinviwcovENED 
CI OTHER 
SICIDENTOTATICIN SUMER 
' 
LIMOS* RECOVERED 
700( 
l i fr Oj 
IVICOPERIY RUMEN Bs _l 
BIN RUINER gal max 
looseaszopremeniOrCPer (Ce 
"
lli 
. 
Alf 10 
r,5? 
.. 
DISCOVERED St I DOA. 
ADDRF85 
Son 
OW 
DO 
PRONE NWRIER 
ownews NAVE/ DAB: 
ADDRESS 
'. 
SOW 
OW 
241' 
Pf40ItE RIMER 
simmers NANE 1 o.o.a. 1 -t)
. 
t 
. Riari
1/44e 
it 
ADDRESS 
OW 
a 
&. 
Stew 
Z. 
ask 
L -: 
RHONE MASSER 
ADM-I& SUSPECT / V 0.S. 
ADDRESS 
One 
a 
ZIP 
MORE NUMBER 
SPECIAL NSTRUCTIONS 
FOusti roonerrre 
cum 0 
so rhos 
NOT MAXD 
ITEMS 
QUANTITY 
VALUE 
DESCRIPTION 
1Y. 
V 
. 
.. 
VHS tapes Irani ciedenza on right by pool 
- 
0 
CD's markedliappy Birthday from credenza on right by pool
IS 
Photos framed from cabana 
message book 1st floor SW comfier (top desk) 
Message book (from desk inside) 
ClYs from de* 
:/VD's from desk (items #16-19, 20, 21 from 1st floor SW corner) 
k0 
Jnframed photos from desk 
framed photos from desk 
framed photos from table in SW corner office 
023 
Soap on rope in NE bedroom (white room) 
twin torpedo in brown bon 
Soap on rope (middle bedroom) bathroom 
arge framed picture (from foyer into master bedroom) 
TOTAL PACKAGE WEIGHT 
I hamby atIrmAales tad Me Se OP Macesent•aa PIMMIIN Sea 
ham ma amfMM I ham nomea a con or Ms !mom. 
I hefty allmaaaalca 
by me In Ms veal ve*Dwancr 
Mat Ma Now at rapnearto all pamany Irrmalmckat 
e# rny anew • imam elem. 
lot 
< 
V>#1/
.
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
SIONATUR 
Km 
UNIT 
RECEIVED BY 
REASON 
k 1/4.......) 
DATE/TINERECENEO 
PALM BEACH PCIUCE DEPARTMENT 
e-,/4.1 
"Mr 
Page 2 of 5 
CONTRIBUTOR'S COPY 
06380 
EFTA00809133
--- PAGE 22 ---
. PeApemen?
a ottoman 
TaIlsariossecu 
oitXtrwriaTArtow outient 
sown 
PALM lipACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
/frti EROPMTY RECEIPT 
re Ad 
Ci DECEASED (reetelee0 
Q orstacituu. 
LABORATORY 
Page 3 of 5 
CONTRIBUTOR'S COPY 
counter-am 
earner 
WRIA1. 
K troaroulcovEstea 
Q DINER 
OXIWITSE RECOVERED 
() 2oOC 14/o 
CI21£98 
tRO 
.) 
ITC:1%6HO 
DVICOVEACD QM 
ADORE% 
Sleet 
PROPERTY MUSSER Oars Se% 
BM NUMBER ewes Bate) 
PHONE NINCIER 
OWNERS HALE/ D.O.D. 
ACORES6 
alma 
ay 
PHONE NUMBER 
• 
SUSPECTS NAME/ 
/ 
( 
ADORE; 
ar011 
„ fly 
,r) 
232 
Rinitsie 
tts-'0
1-9-V 
PROW WAVER 
ADOT14L SJEPECT /D.O.E. 
ADDREE4 
Senor 
OPf 
4, 
PHONE YitiMBER 
SPECIAL NOTRUCOONS 
POUND PROPERTY 
cs..um O 
DAVI) 
oar CLWA 17) 
ITErce OzbufftTv 
VALUE 
DF_EICRIPRON 
TA 
I :.. 
School transcipt, 
master bedroom i4R
I 
Bottle ofJoyielly, master, bedroom credenza, master bedroom 
Videotapes IQ", Sex in City, Eatin Janine, I Love Lesbians Four, master bedroom 
Framed photos from men's bathroom-master bedroom 
Green massage table, men's bathroom-master bedroom 
I 
Thrifty rental agreement from Chevrolet Suburban 
/ 
Vote from 
from Chevrolet Suburban 
CD's from office off kitchen 
Zip CD's from bookcase 
Smm video tapes from videocassette 
Compact flash cards from bookcase 
I 
slash card from camera oflookease 
Zip CD's from bookcase 
CD's from bookcase (items 354 0 from guesthouse) 
TOTAL PACKAGE wecon• 
I ?say 
Me Was IN 
yo9 peoperty takes 
reeckle 
Mosey ses21061edge 
Ire one In to oath 
OM VS asap 
pedernewoofreentydaty 
MO f ',Sento se propyny twoowled 
ea • peace aces 
- \ e lk < 
\). 
ociacrolidas out 
wpaponty 
ftwn ma RN Benham noaNyesta cry at We 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
_ SIGMA 
IDS 
UN
IT 
RECEIVED Br 
REASON 
DATF./TIME RECEIVED 
06381 
EFTA00809134
--- PAGE 23 ---
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
PC1  
—ndre 
trERTY RECEIPT 
Page 4 of 5 
CONTRIKROA's COPY 
Q PROPERTY 
CI rout 
CI DECEASED (Protest" 
Q romotra 
CI CONFISCATED 
Demme 
If!iteennorce 
Plates 
O IADORATORY 
U STOLEWRECOYEREI) 
O Omen 
INCIDENTGETATiON NuARIER 
I OXYVIIIRE RECOVERED 
• 
10 200c 14/0 
rOPERtf MASER Dew Rank) 
INN AMMER tame luso 
ArgimsgsciE,PROPERTYPC7744 n o
0411COWERED ay r ,exia 
ADCSCS8 
sore 
day 
a 
moue Rowel 
OWNERS NAME /D.09: 
ADDRESS 
SAW 
Cry 
a 
PHONE NNISER 
SUSPECTS NAME/ D.0.0. / cep .,, t 
p. P-irvitoiert- 
ADDRESS 
Simi 
OH , „eo 
a 
3s is' rt  L 4,40.V...,Ve 
PRONE MAIRER 
ADDPNL SUSPECT! 0.0.0. 
AZORES:. 
Sims 
01y 
a 
PRONE NUMBER 
SPECIAL MeTTRICTIO*03 
_ 
mune, minim 
. 
CLAIM O 
DAYS 
NOT mum CI 
ITEM • 
QUANTITY 
VALUE 
DESCRIPTOR 
rt. 
i ( 
•• 
floppy disks (trim iniddle shelf 
.._ .-
zip drive disk from gtiest room 
I 
Power cord for CPU from guest room 
I 
CPU from guest bedroom 
8mm videotapes in guest bedroom 
• 
I 
‘Nfaxell CD-R in guest bedroom 
‘Disks in clear box 
/Zip disks from guest room 
items #35-48 from guest house bedroom 
I 
Message book from guest house office arca 
I 
message book 
.ompact flash cards 
CD's 
#49-54 from guest house office 
CPU from guest house office 
TOTAL PACKAGE WEIGWT 
DRIPPY newsiesdra• Pet so 'bon In reynnents 0 rattily Sort 
ban Me Mid 'willow nate* a cops of IN8 Wen 
tan .0 ac., Pot 
on 
Impounded 
s Katy strenneett 
ty as In to °WY powibyranc• 
seplinonts 
worry 
Olt my ally are a ponos tar. 
' CI 
< 
V>2.--
\ 
k 
MONAIURE 
DATE 
SONATA 
MI 
UNIT 
RECEIVED BY 
REASON 
DATE/TINE ne.ceveo 
F' 0. l's-A;.. 
06382 
EFTA00809135
--- PAGE 24 ---
vOliDeces
Ca PROPERTY 
Ithweenct 
mcioNvarovon MJ
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
4/14./PROERTY RECEIPT 
CI FOUND 
O OCCEASED (riebeleb 
meows 
WM. 
O LAsoanorre 
Page 5 of 5 
COVIIMUTOR'S COPY 
O CONFISCATED 
U DETRICK 
O noteemconna) 
Oman 
O 65.
oAnnatePeteveRED 
PROPERTY NUMBER Rare Sir 
20O 
i t cl 
N !WIRIER pee eam) 
ADDRES8r„ROPETRY 
.24.4 I 1
) 
lei
DUICOYERED SY / DAR. 
ADDRESS 
SOW 
Cl)' 
aft 
FICHE NURSER 
OWNERS NAME r 0.0.B: 
ADDRESS 
. 
SOns 
or 
Zip 
PHONE NUMBER 
SUSPECTS NAME / Doaf.,.c )  ., t 
fr; Rini
. it.) krt.- 
ADORps 
spew 
b
e; 1 219 
74, 
3s
 IC 
L - 
a 
PHONE MATER 
AMIN,- SUSPECT I D.O.D. 
ADDRESS 
SIMI 
Oily 
Sp 
Pool* PARMA; 
SPECIAL parTRUCDoNS 
rOuND PROPERTY 
DAYS 
runs 0 
Nor GLUM 0 
ITEMS oumarry 
VALUE 
DESCRIPTION 
se 
I , 
Power cord to•CPO (053)   
• A-
- 
CPU from office off kitchen 
• 
I 
Power cord to item N55 
CD's 
items N55.57 from office off kitchen 
I 
peach meisage table upstairs pink bedroom 
TOTAL PACKAGE WEIGHT 
I S
WaY OCMCOildgeggii 
M aeon so memos es amass **MA 
from we ercl Set I here received a oopy et itio rocelpt 
I Wee iseinamidg•to es above 1st tepribeemi ad parlay kevervies 
by ITS In Ms alitlailoplorminco at my 04, M a polka ever. 
SIGNATURE 
DATE
RECEIVED BY 
REASON 
Ire k < 
)7
UNIT 
DATETILE RECEIVED 
06383 
EFTA00809136
--- PAGE 25 ---
. 
PR 
PALM lefr2! POLICE DEPARTMENT 
e 
EIPT
CONTRIBUTOR'S COPY 
CI ~MM. ILI scorn 
CI ocerASED were«) 
CI ~Wm& 
la CORRSCATED 
DEernay 
SativiDERDE 
I 3WIDAL 
O LABORATORY 
stotsuPecovowo 
0114 EA 
INCIDENRCITATION PARADER 
• 
DATE/TIME RECOVERED 
'PROPERTY 
IQ 700C wie.. 
NUMOISR pan OW 
BIN NUMBI3I Nana Sal 
ADOREBBSErTY
,  
frpcmcp 7a4 1 lo
DISCOVIDIED BY/ DOS 
ADDRESS 
~ 
City 
Zll,
?HONE NUMBER 
OWNERS NAME MO% 
ADDRESS 
.~ 
ett 
Bo 
MORE MAWR 
SuSPECrs Rum /DAIL I ......o N / 
fr  r c 2/1(. .k) Jr Æ 
ADDR9.8 
Steer 
n 00 „s ir" at 
s i( 
L .C.-}s-v-V* 
~NE NU!~ 
AODTTIL WO rEcr tone. 
ADDRESS 
seta 
Gly 
2/0 
RnOttE tempo; 
soEctorsinucnoN8 
room ~rare 
cunt 0 
CO DAYS 
mot a.uu Ct 
ITEM II 
QUANITTY 
VALUE 
DESCRIPTION _. 
I ";:. 
:. 
. 
.. 
Omen photo uvane with naked girl 
_ 
TOTAL PACKAGE WEIGHT 
I busby erientmlecIps Ihet OM atom bm re~ata a property~ 
*a me eret Pa I Ittint ~oar 
GI Ihro receipt 
r hemby ~~tp• 
by rob bt Ur SPAR perto~ce 
[bat ea ~ 
bit tenons an ~potty ertp~.4 
at Mf dely as a Mike ~At 
.. \ CI k < 
We
t
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
setwaun 
IDE 
LART 
RECEIVED ET 
MASON 
DATE/TIME RECEIVED 
~- t..,.": 
. 
06384 
EFTA00809137

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809138.pdf
----------------------------------------
INDEX 
DISCOVERY CD 
(INCLUDES RFA, RTP, ROGS) 
MEDICALS & INVESTIGATION CD 
(INCLUDES MEDICAL RECORDS AND INVESTIGATOR REPORTS) 
EFTA00809138
--- PAGE 2 ---
MISCELLANEOUS CD 
1. Affidavits / Declarations 
2. Hyperion Flight Logs 
3. JE Phone Records Summaries 
4. Josefsberg Correspondence 
5. Josefsberg Billing 
6. Maxwell (actually additional affidavits / declarations) 
7. Settlement Agreement(s) 
8. State Attorney File 
9. Town of Palm Beach Police Dept. File 
10. USA() Correspondence from Kirkland Ellis 
11.Villafana Correspondence RE: document production 
TRANSCRIPTS CD 
(DEPOSITION AND HEARING) 
1. Depositions (listed by date and name within) 
- Banasiak, Janusz 
- Brewster, Clint 
- Dr. April Kassover 
Dr. Karroum 
- Dr. Kathy Sloan 
Dr. Reed 
Edwards, Brad 
- Epstein, Jeffrey 
111111 
EFTA00809139
--- PAGE 3 ---
- Kliman Records Custodian 
- IMi
t
- Orezzoli. Rocky 
- Randee Speciale, MS 
- Rodri uez, Alfredo 
- Ruperto, Ricky 
- Tonoroglu, Ibraham 
- Vanover, Justin 
1=1
2. Hearings (listed by date and Judge within folder) 
PLEADINGS CD 
- State 
- State 
v. E stein — Federal 
4. Doe #1 
) — State 
5. Doe #2 — Federal — Consolidated Pleadings 
6. Doe II 
- State 
- State 
- Appellate 
- State 
- Appellate 
**** ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS ON INDIVIDUAL CDs ARE AS FOLLOWS AND 
GROUPED ACCORDINGLY: 
TRANSCRIPTS 
Depositions 
1. Deposition of 
(I and II) 
2. Deposition of Larry Morrison (I and II) 
3. Deposition of Larry Visoski 
EFTA00809140
--- PAGE 4 ---
4. Deposition of Mark Epstein 
5. Deposition of 
6. Deposition of Michael Reiter (I and II) 
7. Deposition of JE - 05.07.2009 
Hearings
1. Hearing — Judge French 
2. Hearing — Judge Hafele —
3. Hearing — Judge Hafele -
4. Hearing - Judge Hafele - 
— Motion to Dismiss 
Motion to Add Punitive Damages 
Motion for Protective Order 
on seven (7) Motions 
VIDEOS 
Depositions 
10. Epstein, Jeffrey (numerous — as indicated by date on CD) 
12. Tonaroglu, Ibraham 
EFTA00809141
--- PAGE 5 ---
IMEs and Expert Reports 
= 
4. All Does 2-7 Records and Interview Transcripts with Dr. Gilbert Kliman 
(Plaintiff Retained Expert) 
5. All Dr. Hall Reports (JE Retained Expert) 
Investigative / Miscellaneous 
1. Video Surveillance (on CDs identified by date) 
Or 
2. Demon Cycle Photos of 
- (RE: Depo of Owner Thomas Steinbacher) 
3. 
Files — contains 
investigative files identified by named folders) 
Walkthrough Video 
5. Property Inspection Video 
6. News Footage 09/10/2008 
Pleadings and Documents 
8. Josefsberg Bills 
EFTA00809142

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809143.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein State Discovery 
Received from Roy Black Nov. 27, 2013 
DVD 
Police Interviews 
(27 minutes) 
(37 minutes) 
(with 
interview—startsapproximately at 24 minute mark) 
minutes) 
(22 minutes) 
I 
(30 minutes) 
Videotaped Police Walkthrough Epstein Residence 
Ed Brillo Walkthrough 1 (56 minutes) 
Ed Brillo Walkthrough 2 (74 minutes) 
CD (audio only) 
Part 1 
Track 1 
Track 2 
Track 3 
Track 4 
Track 5 
Track 6 
Taped Cal I 
Taped Call 
Interview b 
Taped interview o 
Taped controlled calls wit 
Part 2 
Track I 
Interview with 
11:16 
Track 2
li  id Car interview with 
19:43 
and 
interview of
Track 3 
(17:09) 
Track 4 
Interview of 
Track 5 
Interview by 
11:11 
of1= 
(12:55) 
(12:56) 
EFTA00809143
--- PAGE 2 ---
r 
Part 3 
Track 1 
and 
interview o 
(21:07) 
Track 2 
and 
int 
(12:31) 
Track 3 
Taped Phone Interview o 
(follow-up) 
(17:29) 
Track 4 
Interview of 
=(18:40) 
Part 4 
Track I 
Interview of Alfredo Rodriguez (36:37) 
EFTA00809144

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809145.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIRCUIT CIVIL DIVISION AG 
CASE NO. 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
ORDER SPECIAL SETTING HEARING 
(10 minutes reserved) 
THE COURT hereby sets for hearing Counter-Plaintiff, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS', 
Motion to Set Cause for Trial and the Court's Motion to Determine Need for 
Discovery/Motion Scheduling Order on July 6, 2017 at 8:45 a.m., at the Palm Beach County 
Main Courthouse, 205 North Dixie Highway, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 in Courtroom 10 C. 
At least one attorney from each side must appear in person and have the trial schedule of lead 
counsel in his or her possession. This matter may not be canceled without a Court Order. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach. Palm Beach County, Florida, this 14th 
day of June, 2017. 
1&
..
5" < "
< ”S
get 
AV CIRCUIT
- Ill IWel• 
ClIftelt. 
IT
DONALD HAFELE 
Circuit Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
F 
F 
F 
Andrew A Hams =MEMO 
Bradley James Edwards (brad@palhtoeistiee.com) 
Fred Haddad MEM.) 
Page I of 3 
EFTA00809145
--- PAGE 2 ---
Order Special Set Hearing 
CASE NO. 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
▪ 
John Scarola 
• 
Maria Kellichan I
1.7 
Matthew D Weissing (I~~) 
• 
PH UP M PURI (Nry 
R7
service©Jurytnal co Russell S. Adler 
• 
Tonga Haddad Coleman (M~) 
William Bennett King i~~) 
R7
William Chester Brewer. Jr ( 
• 
William B. King (1~~) 
• 
John Scarola I 
• 
Rodney G Romano (~~ 
• 
John R Beranek 
R7
Fred Haddad 
• 
James B Chaplin 
R7
Tonga Haddad Coleman 
R7
Fred Haddad ( 
71.0
Jayme Lynn Day l~~ 
Rro 
John R. Beranek 
• 
Jack Goldberger I
R7 
Andrew A Harris (~=1) 
R7
Philp M Burlington (I~~) 
• 
Marc Nunk I
bro 
Jack Goldberger ( 
R-0
Bradley Edwards (staff 
• 
W Chester Brewer Jr 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00809146
--- PAGE 3 ---
Order Special Set Hearing 
CASE NO. 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
This notice is provided pursuant to Administrative Order No. 2.207-9/12 
"If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in order 
to participate in this proceeding, you are entitled, at no cost to you, to the 
provision of certain assistance. Please contact Tammy Anton, Americans with 
Disabilities Act Coordinator, Palm Beach County Courthouse, 205 North 
Dixie Highway West Palm Beach, Florida 33401; telephone number (561) 355-
4380 at least 7 days before your scheduled court appearance, or immediately 
upon receiving this notification if the time before the scheduled appearance is 
less than 7 days; if you are hearing or voice impaired, call 711." 
"Si usted es una persona minusvilida que necesita algtin acomodamiento para 
poder participar en este procedimiento, usted tiene derecho, sin tener gastos 
propios, a que se le provea cierta ayuda. Tenga la amabilidad de ponerse en 
contacto con 205 N. Dixie Highway, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401; telifono 
ntimero (561) 355-4380, por lo menos 7 dias antes de la cita fijada para su 
comparecencia en los tribunales, o inmediatamente despuis de recibir esta 
notificacien si el tiempo antes de la comparecencia que se ha programado es 
menos de 7 dias; si usted tiene discapacitaci6n del oido o de la voz, Ilame al 
711." 
"Si ou se yon moun ki enfim ki bezwen akomodasyon pou w ka patisipe nan 
pwosedi sa, ou kalifye san ou pa gen okenn lajan pou w peye, gen pwovizyon 
pou jwen kik id. Tanpri kontakte koodonati pwogram Lwa pou ameriken ki 
Enfim yo nan Tribinal Konte Palm Beach la ki nan 205 North Dixie Highway, 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401; telefon li se (561) 355-4380 nan 7 jou anvan 
dat ou gen randevou pou park nan tribinal la, oubyen imedyatman apre ou 
fin resevwa konvokasyon an si li ou gen pou w park nan tribinal la mwens ke 
jou; si ou gen pwoblem pou w tande oubyen pale, rele 711." 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00809147

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809148.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
PlaintifIts), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
ORDER ON EDWARDS' MOTION TO SET CAUSE FOR TRIAL 
AND THE COURT'S MOTION TO DETERMINE NEED FOR 
DISCOVERY/MOTION SCHEDULING ORDER 
THIS CAUSE having come to be considered upon EDWARDS' MOTION TO SET 
CAUSE FOR TRIAL AND THE COURTS MOTION TO DETERMINE NEED FOR 
DISCOVERY/MOTION SCHEDULING ORDER, and the Court having reviewed the file and 
being fully advised in the premises, it is hereby, 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED: that the motion is GRANTED. Trial is special set to 
begin on December 5, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. for 10 days. The parties are to file any discovery 
motions by September 25, 2017 and the motions will be scheduled on the September calendar 
call which runs from September 25, 2017 through December 1, 2017. The panics are to attend 
calendar call on September 15, 2017 at the Palm Beach County Main Courthouse, 205 North 
Dixie Highway, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 in Courtroom IOC at 9:00 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Bea 
nty, Florida, this 18th day 
of July, 2017. 
DO 
AFELE 
Cl'
GE 
Copies have been furnished to all counsel on the attached counsel list. 
COUNSEL LIST 
EFTA00809148
--- PAGE 2 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Jack Scarola Es uire 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley PA 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
William Chester Brewer Es. uire 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. 
kiber er Es uire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Brad le J. Edwardsi 
Es uire 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
ed Haddad Es.uire 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale FL 33394 
Phone: 
EFTA00809149
--- PAGE 3 ---
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Ton'a Haddad Coleman Es. uire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik. Es uire 
One E Broward Blvd.. Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00809150

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809151.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
ORDER ON COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO STRIKE 
EDWARDS' DISCOVERY OBJECTIONS AND COMPEL RESPONSES 
THIS CAUSE having come to be considered upon COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO STRIKE EDWARDS' DISCOVERY OBJECTIONS AND COMPEL 
RESPONSES, and the Court having reviewed the file and being fully advised in the premises, it 
is hereby, 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that said motion is DENIED. However, Jeffrey Epstein shall 
be permitted to re-depose Bradley Edwards as to the matters identified on the record by the Court 
and Bradley Edwards may raise such objections as he considers are appropriate to the specific 
questions that are asked. The deposition shall take place within the next 30 days. 
DONE AND ORDERED at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, this /5 
day of (90/F. 
, 2017,..04e /9''oleg 97C. at — g-e-04.- 7° 
/ 
VP 
Copies have been furnished to all counsel on the attached counsel list. 
EFTA00809151
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Strike Edwards' Discovery 
Objections and Compel Responses 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack Scarola. Es uire 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley PA 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
William Chester Brewer. Es, uire 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldber• er. E • uire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S. Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J. Se al. Es. uire 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradle J. Edwards Es uire 
EFTA00809152
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Cue No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Strike Edwards' Discovery 
Objections and Compel Responses 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fred Haddad. E • uire 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Ton'a Haddad Coleman Es. uire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik Es ire 
One E Broward Blvd.. Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00809153

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809154.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIRCUIT CIVIL DIVISION AG 
CASE NO. 50-2009-CA-04080040D0C-MB 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually. 
L M, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
ORDER GRANTING PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT, JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S, 
MOTION FOR CONTINUANCE OF TRIAL, SETTING HEARINGS AND RESETTING 
CASE FOR SPECIAL SET TRIAL 
THIS CAUSE came before this court on the Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN's, Motion for Continuance of Trial and to Extend Pre-Trial Deadlines or, in the 
Alternative, Bifurcation of Trial, and the court, having heard arguments of counsel, having 
reviewed the motion and the attachments as well as the court file, and being fully advised of the 
premises it is: 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the motion to continue is granted thereby mooting 
the remaining motions. 
Under the circumstances of this unusual and relatively complex case, the court finds that 
there are simply too many significant, lengthy motions that are pending and need to be heard 
prior to December 5, 2017, the date that the trial was originally scheduled to commence. The 
court and counsel have tried to schedule these extensive and numerous pretrial motions but due 
to the busy schedules of all concerned, trying to hear all of the motions between now (November 
14, 2017) and prior to December 5, 2017, would cause undue strain on the part of the court and 
counsel. At this late juncture, not knowing how the court will rule on critical issues would 
require counsel to try to strategize and plan their respective cases under extreme uncertainty and 
duress. 
To stem this overriding concern but also taking into account the age of the case (the 
case's extensive appellate history is well known to the parties and will not be repeated here), the 
court specially sets this case Number I for the ten (10) day period commencing March 13, 2018 
at 9:30 a.m. in Courtroom IOC. In the interim, lead counsel of record shall prepare a list of the 
parties' respective motions and the agreed sequence of the motions to be heard as well as the 
total anticipated time for argument (motion, response and rebuttal only). As to the written 
motions, only the motion and a response will be permitted. No reply briefs will be allowed 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA00809154
--- PAGE 2 ---
absent court order. This schedule shall be prepared and presented to the court no later than noon 
on November 17. 2017 as the court will be on vacation during Thanksgiving week. In addition to 
the November 29, 2017 date already provided (10:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m. and allowing one hour and 
fifteen minutes for lunch), the court is opening up December 5. 2017 (10:00 a.m. — 3:00 p.m.) 
and December 7. 2017 (10:00 a.m. — noon) so that all Nag
lin motions (only) can be heard. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County. Florida, this 14th 
day of November. 2017. 
W-Z009-Ce15+:-
CIRCUIT 
Id 1.0010 
Circult. ASO 
.. . . 
. 
.. 
. .. 
.. 
DONALD 11AFELE 
Circuit Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
I7 
Andrew A. Harris 
Fro 
Bradley James Edwards (
MM) 
Fred Haddad (
) 
re John Scarola 
P. JOSE PH E ACKFRMAN. JR 
KARA BERARD ROCKENBACH 
R-0 Maria Kelljchian 
Matthew D Weissing 
Fre 
Nichole Johnston Segal (
) 
M 
SCOTT J INK 
1.7 service@jurytrial.co Russell S. Adler 
Tonja Haddad Coleman la 
William Bennett King 
William Chester Brewer, Jr. (
) 
William B. King 
John Scarola 
Rodney G Romano (
) 
Angela Marie Many (
) 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00809155
--- PAGE 3 ---
▪ 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
John R. Beranek 
) 
Fred Haddad =~~) 
• 
James B Chaplin 
) 
• 
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
71. NICHOLE J SEGAL ~~) 
• 
Fred Haddad W~S 
• 
Jayme Lynn Day 
) 
• 
John R. Beranek 
) 
• 
Jack A Goldberger 
) 
Iro 
Andrew A Harris 
P Kara Berard Rockenbach 
• 
NICHOLE J SEGAL 
) 
Marc Nurik 
• 
Jack A Goldberger 
) 
Bradley Edwards 
) 
• 
Angela M. Many 
) 
• 
Scott Jeffrey Link 
) 
• 
Kara Gerard Rockenbach 
• 
W Chester Brewer Jr ~~) 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00809156

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809157.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800MOCXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
ORDER DENYING EDWARDS' MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE 
ORDER AND GRANTING EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO COMPEL E.W. TO 
ANSWER QUESTIONS RELATING TO THE CRIMES VICTIMS' 
RIGHTS ACT AND TO REOPEN DEPOSITION 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court for hearing on February 7, 2018, on the Court's 
Uniform Motion Calendar upon (I) Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edward? (Edward§) 
October 26, 2017, Motion for Protective Order [D.E. 1026; D.E. 1027]; (2) Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's ('Epstein) January 10, 2018, Response in Opposition to Edward? 
Motion for Protective Order and Epsteiris Motion to Compel E.W. to Answer Questions Relating 
to the Crime Victim? Rights Act and to Reopen Deposition [D.E. 1141]; and (3) Edwards 
January 12, 2018, Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel E.W. to Answer 
Questions Relating to the Crime Victim? Rights Act and to Reopen Discovery [D.E. 1143]. The 
Court, having reviewed the partiee respective filings, having heard argument of counsel, and 
being otherwise advised in the premises, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Edward? Motion is DENIED and Epsteids Motion is 
GRANTED. Discovery is reopened to allow Epstein to continue the deposition of E.W. both as 
EFTA00809157
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Denying Edward? Motion for Protective Order 
and Granting Epstein's Motion to Compel E.W. to 
Answer Questions Relating to the Crimes Victims 
Rights Act and to Reopen Deposition 
Page 2 
to the Crime Victims Rights Act action and follow up asaiell.610-ether-tre,tyrnetunr lartelestaa 
isggianafaadiag. E.W. shall answer the questions posed to her relating to the Crime Victim? 
Rights Act. Pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.310, the Court grants leave to take 
E.W.'s deposition at the Gadsden Correctional Facility in accordance with the facility's guidelines 
and requirements. ASS* 13Ratir EISAROs 44,9 rite re.taAe, Cavenottor 
sae. Re figtateaw• marten OP Mir DandetiON. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Reach. Palm Beach Count 
orida this  7 day 
of February, 2018. 
THE HONORABLE D 
D W. AFELE 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm B 
-11 • 
33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
P.A. 
350 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley I Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Ft. La 
' 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Rothstein 
iiiiiiiiiii3301 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley I. Edwards 
Counsel for Defendant Scott 
EFTA00809158
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley I Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order Denying Edwarde Motion for Protective Order 
and Granting Epsteiris Motion to Compel E.W. to 
Answer Questions Relating to the Crimes Victime 
Rights Act and to Reopen Deposition 
Page 3 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. 
33401 
Co-Counsel for PlaintiffeCounter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Angela M. Many 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 301 
3401 
Trial Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00809159

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809160.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintift7Counterdefendant, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counterplaintiffs. 
ORDER ON MOTION FOR STATUS CONFERENCE 
THIS CAUSE having come to be considered upon the MOTION FOR STATUS 
CONFERENCE, and the Court having reviewed the file and being fully advised in the premises, 
it is hereby, 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED:  WIZ ‘ 64A.,( 
e.th eild-ned 
DONE AND O 
ERED at West P 
day of 
2018. 
re,‘ at- 
41?-fri 
c‘of 
7thi? teW V149
9gei
,
Copitigir manef 
'yed to all counse on the att
urri 
.e.ez 
coon 
list. 
tAnatclaci2
V4.4-
- 4, 
7y 
a 
a^ 
Beach, Palm 
rrvlu 
an..eled0 tifr
each County, Florida, this  3 
072all-tat44 
/6 16 
>27 
e 
EFTA00809160
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CAN0S00XXXXMBAG 
Order on Motion for Status Conference 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack Scarola, Esquire
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley PA 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm 
409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Pho 
• 
Fax: 
Nichole J. Segal. Esquire 
Philip Burlington. Esquire 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Jay Howell, Esquire 
Jay Howell & Associates P.A. 
644 Cesery Boulevard, Suite 250 
Jacksonville FL 32211 
Phone: 
Faxes 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00809161
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Motion for Status Conference 
Paul G. Cassell, Es
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
383 S University Street 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Jack A. Goldber er. E uire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 
. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or
 Epstein 
Kara Berard Rockenbach, Esquire 
Scott J. Link Esquire 
Link & Rockenbach, 
. 
• 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik Es 
Esquire 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phony
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00809162

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809163.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIRCUIT CIVIL DIVISION AG 
CASE NO. 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiffs) 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L M, individually, 
Defendant(s). 
ORDER SETTING JURY TRIAL AND 
DIRECTING PRETRIAL AND MEDIATION PROCEDURES 
I. SCHEDULING 
THIS CAUSE came before this court on Defendant, BRADLEY J. 
EDWARDS', Notice for Trial of Bradley Edwards' Severed Claim Against Jeffrey 
Epstein and the court being otherwise fully advised in the premises, it is 
hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that this case is specially set, number one, 
for jury trial on Tuesday, December 4, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., (10 days reserved) 
in Courtroom 10C, Palm Beach County Courthouse, 205 North Dixie Highway, 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401. 
II. UNIFORM PRETRIAL PROCEDURE 
A. On the last business day no later than 60 DAYS PRIOR TO CALENDAR CALL the 
parties shall exchange lists of all trial exhibits, names and addresses of all trial witnesses, 
and names and addresses of all expert witnesses. 
B. On the last business day no later than 50 DAYS PRIOR TO CALENDAR CALL the 
parties shall exchange lists of names and addresses of all rebuttal witnesses. 
Page 1 of 6 
EFTA00809163
--- PAGE 2 ---
Order Setting Jury Trial and Directing Pretrial And Mediation Procedures 
Case No: 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
C. In addition to names and addresses of each expert retained to formulate an expert opinion 
with regard to this cause, both on the initial listing and on rebuttal, the parties shall 
provide: 
I. the subject matter about which the expert is expected to testify; 
2. the substance of the facts and opinions to which the expert is expected to testify; 
3. a summary of the grounds for each opinion; 
4. a copy of any written reports issued by the expert regarding this case; and 
5. a copy of the expert's curriculum vitae. 
D. On the last business day no later than 30 DAYS PRIOR TO CALENDAR CALL, the 
parties shall confer and: 
1. discuss settlement; 
2. simplify the issues and stipulate, in writing, as to as many facts and issues as 
possible; 
3. prepare a Pre-Trial Stipulation in accordance with paragraph E; and 
4. list all objections to trial exhibits. 
E. PRETRIAL STIPULATIONS MUST BE FILED. It shall be the duty of counsel for the 
Plaintiff to see that the Pre-Trial Stipulation is drawn, executed by counsel for all parties, 
and filed with the Clerk no later than 20 DAYS PRIOR TO CALENDAR CALL. 
UNILATERAL 
PRETRIAL 
STATEMENTS 
ARE 
DISALLOWED, 
UNLESS 
APPROVED BY THE COURT, AFTER NOTICE AND HEARING SHOWING GOOD 
CAUSE. Counsel for all parties are charged with good faith cooperation in this regard. 
The Pre-Trial Stipulation shall contain in separately numbered paragraphs: 
I. a list of all pending motions including MOTIONS IN LIMINE and DAUBERT 
MOTIONS requiring action by the Court and the dates those motions are set for 
hearing (MOTIONS IN LIMINE shall not be heard the day of trial or thereafter). 
All Daubert Motions must be heard 20 days before the start of the trial. 
2. stipulated facts which require no proof at trial which may be read to the trier of 
fact; 
3. a statement of all issues of fact for determination at trial; 
4. each party's numbered list of trial exhibits with specific objections, if any, to 
schedules attached to the Stipulation; 
5. each party's numbered list of trial witnesses with addresses (including all known 
rebuttal witnesses); the list of witnesses shall be on separate schedules attached to 
the Stipulation; 
6. a statement of estimated trial time; 
7. names of attorneys to try case; and 
8. number of peremptory challenges per party. 
Page 2 of 6 
EFTA00809164
--- PAGE 3 ---
Order Setting Jury Trial and Directing Pretrial And Mediation Procedures 
Case No: 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
F. FILING OF PRE-TRIAL STIPULATION. Failure to file the Pre-Trial Stipulation or a 
Court Approved Unilateral Stipulation as above provided may result in the case being 
stricken from the Court's calendar at its sounding or other sanctions. 
G. ADDITIONAL EXHIBITS, WITNESSES OR OBJECTIONS. At trial, the parties shall 
be strictly limited to exhibits and witnesses disclosed and objections reserved on the 
schedules attached to the Pre-Trial Stipulation prepared in accordance with paragraphs D 
and E, absent agreement specifically stated in the Pre-Trial Stipulation or order of the 
Court upon good cause shown. Failure to reserve objections constitutes a waiver. A 
party desiring to use an exhibit or witness discovered after counsel have conferred 
pursuant to paragraph D shall immediately furnish the Court and other counsel with a 
description of the exhibit or with the witness' name and address and the expected subject 
matter of the witness' testimony, together with the reason for the late discovery of the 
exhibit or witness. Use of the exhibit or witness may be allowed by the Court for good 
cause shown or to prevent manifest injustice. 
H. DISCOVERY. Unless otherwise agreed in the Pre-Trial Stipulation, all discovery must 
be completed no later than 10 DAYS BEFORE THE DATE SET FOR CALENDAR 
CALL, absent agreement for later discovery specifically stated in the Pre-Trial 
Stipulation or for other good cause shown. 
I. PRE-TRIAL CONFERENCE. No pre-trial conference pursuant to Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.200 
is set by the Court on its own motion. If a pre-trial conference is set upon motion of a 
party, counsel shall meet and prepare a stipulation pursuant to paragraphs D and E and 
file the stipulation no later than 5 DAYS BEFORE THE CONFERENCE. Failure to 
request a pre-trial conference in a timely fashion constitutes a waiver of the notice of 
requirement of Rule 1.200. Motions for Summary Judgment will not be heard at any pre-
trial conference. 
J. UNIQUE QUESTIONS OF LAW. Prior to calendar call, counsel for the parties are 
directed to exchange and simultaneously submit to the Court appropriate memoranda 
with citations to legal authority in support of any unique legal questions which may 
reasonably be anticipated to arise during the trial. 
K. MODIFICATION TO UNIFORM PRE-TRIAL PROCEDURE. Upon written stipulation 
of the parties filed with the court, the Pre-Trial Procedure, except for items II D-F, 
inclusive, may be modified in accordance with the parties' stipulation, except to the 
extent that the stipulation may interfere with the Court's scheduling of the matter for trial 
or hinder the orderly progress of the trial. 
L. PREMARKING EXHIBITS. Prior to trial, each party shall meet with and assist the clerk 
in marking for identification all exhibits, as directed by the clerk. 
Page 3 of 6 
EFTA00809165
--- PAGE 4 ---
Order Setting Jury Trial and Directing Pretrial And Mediation Procedures 
Case No: 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
M. DEPOSITION DESIGNATIONS. No later than 20 DAYS PRIOR TO CALENDAR 
CALL, each party shall serve his, her, or its designation of depositions, or portions of 
depositions, each intends to offer as testimony in his, her or its case in chief. No later 
than 10 DAYS PRIOR TO CALENDAR CALL, each opposing party shall serve his, 
her, or its counter (or "fairness") designations to portions of depositions designated, 
together with objections to the depositions, or portions thereof, originally designated. No 
later than calendar call, each party shall serve his, her or its objections to counter 
designations served by an opposing party. 
III. MEDIATION 
A. All parties are required to participate in mediation. 
I. The appearance of counsel who will try the case and representatives of each party 
with full authority to enter into a complete compromise and settlement is 
mandatory. If insurance is involved, an adjuster with authority up to the policy 
limits or the most recent demand, whichever is lower, shall attend. 
2. At least ONE WEEK BEFORE THE CONFERENCE all parties shall file with 
the mediator a brief, written summary of the case containing a list of issues as to 
each party. If an attorney or party filing the summary wishes its content to remain 
confidential, he/she must advise the mediator in writing when the report is filed. 
3. All discussions, representations, and statements made at the mediation conference 
shall be privileged consistent with Florida Statutes sections 44.102 and 90.408. 
4. The mediator has no power to compel or enforce a settlement agreement. If a 
settlement is reached, it shall be the responsibility of the attorneys or parties to 
reduce the agreement to writing and to comply with Florida Rule of Civil 
Procedure 1.730(6), unless waived. 
B. The Plaintiff's attorney shall be responsible for scheduling mediation. The parties should 
agree on a mediator. If they are unable to agree, any party may apply to the Court for 
appointment of a mediator in conformity with Rule 1.720 (f), Fla. R. Civ. P. The lead 
attorney or party shall file and serve on all parties and the mediator a Notice of Mediation 
giving the time, place, and date of the mediation and the mediator's name. The mediator 
shall be paid $175.00 per hour, unless otherwise agreed by the parties. 
C. Completion of mediation prior to calendar call is a prerequisite to trial. If mediation is 
not conducted, or if a party fails to participate in mediation, the case, at the Court's 
discretion, may be stricken from the trial calendar, pleadings may be stricken, and other 
sanctions may be imposed. 
D. Any party opposing mediation may proceed under Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 
1,700(b). 
Page 4 of 6 
EFTA00809166
--- PAGE 5 ---
Order Setting Jury Trial and Directing Pretrial And Mediation Procedures 
Case No: 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
IV. ;NONCOMPLIANCE 
NONCOMPLIANCE WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS ORDER MAY RESULT IN THE 
STRIKING OF THE CASE, WITNESSES, OR EXHIBITS, OR IMPOSITION OF SUCH 
OTHER SANCTIONS AS ARE JUST. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 3rd day 
of August, 2018. 
JUDGE DONALD HAFELE 
Circuit Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
tr. 
• 
Andrew A. Harris (
) 
Re-
Bradley James Edwards (1
.1) 
• 
Jay C Howell (
fro 
John Scarola 
1.7 Kara Berard Rockenbach (
0) 
k70 
cc. Karen Elizabeth Terry (
) 
711 Maria Kelqchian 
• 
Matthew D Weissing (
) 
• 
Nichole Johnston Segal C
) 
1.7 
Page 5 of 6 
EFTA00809167
--- PAGE 6 ---
Order Setting Jury Trial and Directing Pretrial And Mediation Procedures 
Case No: 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
g  Rachel Jenny Glasser 
1.; 
Russell S. Adler
William Bennett King 
William B. King
Rodney G Romano
Kara Berard Rockenbach ( 
5.7 John R. Beranek (—
David P. Vitale Jr. (
James B Chaplin
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Fe- 
NICHOLE J SEGAL 
IT• 
Jayme Lynn Day (
) 
rtw 
John R. Beranek 
rti Jack A Goldberger 
Andrew A Harris (
David P. Vitale Jr. (
> 
NICHOLE J SEGAL (
) 
R.; Marc Nurik (
Ri 
Jack A Goldberger (
) 
Bradley Edwards
fJ 
 a 
Scott Jeffrey Link (
) 
rs7 Tonja Haddad Coleman (
) 
'17 Kara Berard Rockenbach 
bre 
David P. Vitale Jr. (a 
Page 6 of 6 
EFTA00809168

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809169.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiff. 
AGREED MEDIATION CONFIDENTIALITY ORDER 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court upon the agreement of (I) Bradley J. Edwards 
("Edwards'), (2) Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), (3) Intervenors Jane Doe, L.M. and E.W. 
(collectively, "Intervenors"), and (4) Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos and Lehrman 
("Farmer Jaffe") (collectively, the "Mediation Participants"), to participate in mediation subject to 
this Agreed Mediation Confidentiality Order. The Court, hereby 
ORDERS AND ADJUDGES as follows: 
1. 
Non-party Farmer Jaffe consents to the jurisdiction of this Court solely for purposes 
of participating in the mediation. 
2. 
Pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.720, Edwards, Epstein and a 
representative from Farmer Jaffe who has the full authority to settle without further consultation 
shall appear at the mediation in person. The Intervenors' counsel, who shall have full authority to 
settle the matter without further consultation, shall appear at the mediation by telephone. 
EFTA00809169
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Mediation Confidentiality Order 
Page 2 
3. 
The Mediation Participants shall each file a Certification of Authority ten days in 
advance of the mediation identifying who will appear at the mediation conference and confirming 
the person's settlement authority in accordance with Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.720(e). 
4. 
The mediation proceeding is confidential and privileged as settlement negotiations. 
All statements made during the course of the mediation are privileged settlement discussions, are 
made without prejudice to any Mediation Participant's legal position and are not discoverable or 
admissible for any purpose in any legal or administrative proceeding whatsoever. 
5. 
Florida law applies and governs the mediation including, but not limited to, Chapter 
44, Florida Statutes, and the following specific confidentiality provisions: 
a. 
Florida Statute Section 44.403: 
44.403 Mediation 
Confidentiality 
and 
Privilege 
Act; 
definitions.—As used in ss. 44.401-44.406, the term: 
(I) "Mediation communication" means an oral or written 
statement, or nonverbal conduct intended to make an assertion, by 
or to a mediation participant made during the course of a mediation, 
or prior to mediation if made in furtherance of a mediation. The 
commission of a crime during a mediation is not a mediation 
communication. 
(2) "Mediation participant" means a mediation party or a person 
who attends a mediation in person or by telephone, videoconference, 
or other electronic means. 
(3) "Mediation party" or "party" means a person participating 
directly, or through a designated representative, in a mediation and 
a person who: 
(a) Is a named party; 
(b) Is a real party in interest; or 
EFTA00809170
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Mediation Confidentiality Order 
Page 3 
(c) Would be a named party or real party in interest if an action 
relating to the subject matter of the mediation were brought in a 
court of law. 
(4) "Mediator" means a neutral, impartial third person who 
facilitates the mediation process. The mediator's role is to reduce 
obstacles to communication, assist in identifying issues, explore 
alternatives, and otherwise facilitate voluntary agreements to 
resolve disputes, without prescribing what the resolution must be. 
(5) "Subsequent proceeding" means an adjudicative process that 
follows a mediation, including related discovery. 
b. 
Florida Statute Section 44.405(1) and (2): 
44.405 Confidentiality; privilege; exceptions.—
(1) Except as provided 
in this section, all mediation 
communications shall be confidential. A mediation participant shall 
not disclose a mediation communication to a person other than 
another mediation participant or a participant's counsel. A violation 
of this section may be remedied as provided by s. 44.406. If the 
mediation is court ordered, a violation of this section may also 
subject the mediation participant to sanctions by the court, 
including, but not limited to, costs, attorney's fees, and mediator's 
fees. 
(2) A mediation party has a privilege to refuse to testify and to 
prevent any other person from testifying in a subsequent proceeding 
regarding mediation communications. 
c. 
Florida Statute Section 44.406: 
44.406 Confidentiality; civil remedies.—
(1) Any mediation participant who knowingly and willfully 
discloses a mediation communication in violation of s. 44.405 shall, 
upon application by any party to a court of competent jurisdiction, 
be subject to remedies, including: 
(a) Equitable relief. 
(b) Compensatory damages. 
EFTA00809171
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15111 Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Mediation Confidentiality Order 
Page 4 
(c) Attorney's fees, mediator's fees, and costs incurred in the 
mediation proceeding. 
(d) Reasonable attorney's fees and costs incurred in the 
application for remedies under this section. 
(2) Notwithstanding any other law, an application for relief filed 
under this section may not be commenced later than 2 years after the 
date on which the party had a reasonable opportunity to discover the 
breach of confidentiality, but in no case more than 4 years after the 
date of the breach. 
(3) A mediation participant shall not be subject to a civil action 
tinder this section for lawful compliance with the provisions of s. 
119.07.
6. 
The mediation is being conducted in both this action (Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott 
Rothstein and Bradley J Edwards, 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 50-2009-CA-
040800)0CXXMBAG) and the show cause proceedings (In re Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A., 
U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 09-34791-RBR) but will also 
address Epstein's potential claims against Fowler White. 
7. 
For the limited purpose of the mediation, Epstein's 47 trial exhibits (the "47 e-
mails") that Edwards claims are privileged and are currently under seal may be shown by Edwards' 
attorneys only to the mediator, Fowler White's attorneys and Fowler White's insurance carrier 
representative. Edwards' counsel shall bring Edwards' copy of the 47 e-mails to the mediation for 
this limited purpose. Edwards' counsel shall be present at all times during any review of the e-
mails. No copies of the e-mails may be made and no notes may be taken regarding their content. 
8. 
The use of the 47 e-mails during mediation will not constitute an additional 
argument of a waiver by Epstein of any privilege claimed by Edwards, Fanner Jaffe or the 
EFTA00809172
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Mediation Confidentiality Order 
Page 5 
Intervenors. However, this does not vitiate or limit Epstein's existing waiver arguments, which 
are preserved pending further rulings of this Court. 
DONielD ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach 
of August, 2018. 
SERVICE LIST 
nty, Florida this frIday 
DONALD W. HAFELE 
RT JUDGE 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-
Plaintiff BradleyI. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale FL 33301-3268 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards and Counsel for Fanner 
Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos and Lehrman 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00809173
--- PAGE 6 ---
.letey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Agreed Mediation Confidentiality Order 
Page 6 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
383 S. University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
mute
t
i
tor
o-Counsel for L.M., 
EW and Jane Doe 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Link & Rockenbach, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm Beach. Ft. 33401 
Trial Counsel for Plainte7Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville. FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor Co-Counsel for L. M, 
Elf. and Jane Doe 
2084119 
EFTA00809174

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809175.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIRCUIT CIVIL DIVISION AG 
CASE NO. 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiffs) 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L M, individually. 
Defendant(s). 
NOTICE TO COUNSEL OF RECORD 
THE COURT hereby notices counsel of record of the attached request to videotape the 
upcoming trial in this matter. Please review the attached and file any objection to same within 
ten (10) days from the date of this order and set objection for an 8:45 uniform motion calendar 
hearing no later than twenty (20) days from the date of the Objection. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers, at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida. this 26th day of October, 2018. 
"-zisertten-
DONALD HAFELE 
Circuit Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
rC. 
IC/ 
Andrew A. Harris (
) 
Bradley Jame 
v r 
Jay C Howell 
John Scarola
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA00809175
--- PAGE 2 ---
Notice of Filing 
Case No. 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Karen Elizabeth Terry (
) 
Maria Kelljchian 
Matthew D Weissing 
172 Nichole Johnston Segal (
j 
fJ 
Re-
f;:e 
Re-
R-1 
(.7 
Re-
Rachel Jenny Glasser 
) 
service@jurytrial.co Russell S. Adler 
William Bennett King (
) 
William B. King (M
) 
Rodney G Romano 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
John R. Beranek (
/ 
David P. Vitale Jr.
James B Chaplin (
/ 
Tonja Haddad Coleman (
) 
NICHOLE J SEGAL a) 
Jayme Lynn Day 
John R. Beranek a) 
Jack A Goldberger (
) 
Andrew A Harris (
) 
David P. Vitale Jr. (
) 
NICHOLE J SEGAL (E
) 
Marc Nurik 
Jack A Goldberger ( 
Bradley Edwards 
Scott Jeffrey Link (a) 
Tonja Haddad Coleman (
} 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00809176
--- PAGE 3 ---
Notice of Filing 
Case No. 50-2009-CA-040800-XXXX-MB 
p 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (1
1) 
David P. Vitale Jr (IME
) 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00809177
--- PAGE 4 ---
Denise Van Vooren 
From: 
Sent: 
Tuesda October 23. 2018 3:40 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
FW: CONVERSATION THIS WEEK RE DECEMBER 4TH TRIAL (BRADLEY J EDWARDS 
V. JEFFREY EPSTEIN) 
Hi Denise, 
The below request to film your upcoming trial, Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards, Case number 
2015-CA-040800, is from an outlet called Radical Media. In reviewing their website, they appear to be a legitimate 
news/media group. 
Please let me know if Judge Hafele approves this request. If approved, the only objection I would make deals with their 
request for two cameras and to any additional microphones on counsel tables and/or the Bench. 
From: Dave Snyder < 
Sent: Friday, October 19, 2018 4:29 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: CONVERSATION THIS WEEK RE: DECEMBER 4TH TRIAL (BRADLEY J. EDWARDS V. JEFFREY EPSTEIN) 
Dear 
It was great speaking with you this week - thank you for taking the time to answer all my questions! 
As we discussed, director Joe Berlinger and RadicalMedia are requesting that the Palm Beach County Circuit 
Civil Court grant us video camera access to the upcoming trial of Bradley J. Edwards v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
scheduled to begin on Tuesday, December 4th, 2018 at 9:30 am. 
We understand that this access would mean RadicalMedia is responsible for the trial's pool camera in the event 
other news organizations want to record the proceedings, and we would fulfill this responsibility, along with 
providing a distribution box for other media to have access to video and audio recordings, as required by court 
rules. 
We seek to operate the camera on every day of the trial, recording all the gavel to gavel testimony and 
courtroom activity. 
This footage is for a documentary series about Jeffrey Epstein and the people involved in litigation related to 
him. 
The series is to be directed by Oscar nominee and Emmy-winning filmmaker Joe Berlinger, and produced by 
RadicalMedia. 
News reports often just use a few minutes of audio and video from the courtroom to highlight the day's story. In 
contrast, we will be producing four one-hour episodes that will rely heavily on courtroom footage using key 
facts and testimony from the trial to tell an in-depth story. 
EFTA00809178
--- PAGE 5 ---
To ensure a smooth operation, we request five seats: two for two camera operators, one for a sound engineer, 
one for a producer/director and one for an associate producer/production assistant. Please be assured our staff 
will follow courtroom protocol and procedures in the utmost professional manner and non-invasive way. 
A list of our suggested equipment is below. 
Please let me know if there is any additional paperwork for us to fill out. 
We would be happy to answer any questions or concerns, and would be honored if granted permission by the 
court. 
Some background on us: Joe Berlinger is one of the world's leading documentary filmmakers and a pioneer in 
the true crime genre, and has won awards and accolades for films such as the Paradise Lost trilogy (Academy 
Award nominee, Emmy and Peabody Award winner), Brother's Keeper (Director's Guild of America Award 
winner), and Under African Skies (Emmy Award winner). RadicalMedia's work includes the Oscar-winning 
documentary, The Fog of War, Oscar-nominated and Emmy-winning film, What Happened, Miss Simone?, and 
two series that were nominated for Emmy's in 2018: My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David 
Letterman, and The Fourth Estate. 
Audiovisual Recording Equipment List 
Inside the Courtroom 
• Camera A: Arri Amira with small external HD monitor and external recorder, plus tripod. Camera 
dimensions: 12.1"x5.4"x5.8". 
• 
Camera B: Arri Amira with small external HD monitor and external recorder, plus tripod. Camera 
dimensions: 12.1"x5.4"x5.8". 
• Battery charger. 
• 
Microphones. 
• 
Sound Devices 788 recorder. 
• 
Transmitter system with receiver. 
Outside the Courtroom 
• X32 mixer. 
• Video distribution amplifier. 
• 
Audio box. 
• 
Pix240 recorder. 
Thanks so much and hope to hear from you soon. 
All the best, 
Dave 
Dave Snyder 
Executive Producer/Development. The Joe Berlinger Group 
RadicalMediel 
EFTA00809179
--- PAGE 6 ---
435 FISOrt Street. New York NY 10014 USA 
wowy rartir:eirrlogr:!PPII 
The tiformation contained in Pis message is hnee4ed °hay for ate ah: or the addressee sr.:1 may be anoiney povfeled andfor confidenhal If the teadei of ins message is not 
Ind intended Impiety! yea std hadby nottlioJ tnat any arauthotized dissernmaton. chstiihaton or col:ring 
tnts communicoton IS SIM tly pf0h Wed If you have received the 
COrnnunumhon 'n error please rernee ately rover the sender and *481e ?NS retsSade Maim YOU 
Please be advised that Florida has a broad public records law, and all correspondence to me via 
email may be subject to disclosure. Under Florida records law (SB80 effective 7-01-06), email 
addresses are public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public 
records request, do not send emails to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. 
EFTA00809180

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809181.pdf
----------------------------------------
WI THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plainti ff
ORDER ON BRIEFING FOR IN CAMERA INSPECTION 
THIS MATTER came before the Court upon Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's 
("Epstein") request for an in camera inspection of 47 e-mails that Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. 
Edwards ("Edwards") claims are privileged. The Court, hereby 
ORDERS AND ADJUDGES as follows: 
1. 
For the sole purpose of briefing a memorandum of law for the in camera 
proceedings, Epstein's counsel may unseal the envelope maintained in their offices of the 
following 47 e-mails Edwards alleges are privileged: 
Ex. No. 
Bates No. 
App. No. 
13-1 
02645 
13-4 
00149 
13-5 
01527 
13-6 
04493-04495 
13-7 
00014 
13-11 
00090 
13-13 
00133 
13-15 
08006 
13-17 
00026 
13-19 
01004 
13-25 
12289 
EFTA00809181
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Briefing for In Camera Inspection 
Page 2 
Ex. No. 
Bates No. 
App. No. 
13-30 
26481 
13-34 
26480 
13-35 
26356 
13-36 
26570 
13-44 
03731-03732 
13-45 
06406-06408 
13-46 
01686 
13-47 
11123-11125 
13-49 
11126-11127 
13-52 
25925 
13-53 
25874 
13-56 
11145 
13-60 
03191-03192 
13.66 
04398-04402 
2, 34 
13-67 
04408-04412 
13-86 
26747 
13-88 
08042-08044 
13-89 
26741-26742 
13, 15 
13-90 
08059-08061 
13-93 
26756-26758 
13-94 
08036-08038 
13-97 
26762 
13-98 
01117 
13-100 
08121-08123 
13-101 
26749-26752 
13-102 
08128-08130 
13-103 
08118.08120 
13-104 
08131-08133 
13-105 
08124-08126 
13-106 
08135-08138 
13-107 
27494 
13-108 
26760 
13-110 
25997 
13-111 
25937 
13-113 
26604-26605 
13-116 
07019-07021 
. 
EFTA00809182
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Briefing for In Camera Inspection 
Page 3 
2. 
These 47 e-mails may be viewed, over Edwards' objection, by Epstein's attorneys 
of record in this case only and may not be shared with Epstein or anyone else. The Court 
recognizes that Edwards is co-counsel and is the party asserting the privileges at issue. Restrictions 
on viewing the documents do not apply to him. 
3. 
Edwards shall deliver copies of the 47 e-mails at issue to The Honorable Donald 
W. Hafele in a sealed envelope on or before November 9, 2018. 
4. 
On or before November 9, 2018, Epstein shall file a generic Motion for the in 
camera inspection. 
5. 
Separately, Epstein shall file under seal a detailed Memorandum of Law in which 
Epstein's counsel may specifically cite and refer to the 47 e-mails at issue. The Memorandum is 
for attorneys' eyes only and may not be shared with Epstein. Copies of Epstein's Memorandum 
of Law shall be delivered in a sealed envelope to The Honorable Donald W. Hafele and to 
Edwards' counsel. After preparation of the Memorandum, the Memorandum and the allegedly 
privileged documents shall both be sealed pending further order of the Court. Edwards' objections 
to further review of the allegedly privileged documents by anyone acting on behalf of Epstein and 
reference by Epstein's counsel to the contents of the documents prior to a ruling on the propriety 
of Epstein's possession of the documents and his late listing of the documents as trial exhibits are 
overruled to permit the preparation and filing of the sealed Memorandum of Law. 
6. 
On or before November 16, 2018 Edwards shall file his Response Memorandum 
of Law under seal. The Memorandum is for attorneys' eyes only and shall not be shared with 
Epstein. Copies of the Response Memorandum shall be delivered in a sealed envelope to The 
Honorable Donald W. Hafele and Epstein's counsel. 
EFTA00809183
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Briefing for In Camera Inspection 
Page 4 
7. 
The Court shall schedule a hearing on these issues either before or during the week 
of November 26, 2018. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm 
of November, 2018. 
THE HO 
CIRCUIT 
SERVICE LIST 
nty, Florida this a 
day 
ALD W. HAFELE 
GE 
Jack Scarola 
Karen E. Terry 
David P. Vitale, Jr. 
Searcy, Denny, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Philip M. Burlington 
Nichole J. Segal 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for thlendant/Counter-
PlaintiaradleyJ Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301-3268 
Co-Counsel for Defendant/Counter-Plaint 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00809184
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jetey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards 
15th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Order on Briefing for In Camera Inspection 
Page 5 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for Plaint: Counter-Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul Cassell 
383 S. University 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
Limited Intervenor CoXounsel for L.M., 
E.W. and Jane Doe 
Scott J. Link 
Kara Berard Rockenbach 
Link & Rockenbach. PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Trial Counsel for Platntiff/Counter-Defindant 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jay Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates 
644 Cesery Blvd., Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Limited Intervenor o-Counsel for L. AL, 
E.W. and Jane Doe 
EFTA00809185

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809186.pdf
----------------------------------------
SALES 
FAX 
PROPOSAL 
John C. Cassidy 
AIR 
CONDITIONING 
INC 
"Your First and Last Name in Air Conditioning" 
846 W. 13th Ct. Riviera Beach, 
Florida 33404 
www.cassidyac.com 
NAME: Neptune I I C 
BILL TO: 
ADDRESS: 358 El Brillo Way 
ADDRESS: 
CITY: 
STATE- 
ZIP: 
Palm Beach 
FL 
33480 
CITY: 
STATE: 
ZIP: 
PHONE: 
FAX: 
EMAIL ADDRESS: 
Condenser/Package Unit 
Air Handler 
H21 SA 
15_0 
SEER/EER 
ELECTRICAL: 
ti Honeyw_e1.I Pro T-RHeatiCool thermostat 
EQUIPMENT: 
V 
Trane 
Qf Model 
Trane 
Ton ki modeirEM6A0B30 
Ton 
41TIR4a36L1,000fit 
BTU's 
O Heat 
of existing 
existing 
O 
V Reconnect to existing disconnect switch 
LI New disconnect Switch 
_3___ 
V 
lif 
a 
34,200 
OTHER: 
V All work to meet or exceed local building codes 
O Crane service 
O Cement condenser slab O Air handler stand 
V Vibration eliminator pads a Hurricane tie downs 
V All work to be completed in a neat and professional manner 
by trained air conditioning specialists 
pr __ 5. __.. KW Heat 
Ii Removal and disposal 
pf Location same as 
R-410A Refrigerant 
Pump 
equipment 
Location as per plan 
DUCT SYSTEM: 
a Reconnect 
Air handler 
and unistrut 
U Install 
O Install 
to existing duct system 
will be hung in attic using 
Supply outlet(s) 
threaded rod 
with damper 
with litter 
WARRANTIES: V Homeowner must register equipment 
online within 90 days to receive 10 year warranty. 
V 
Year Labor tie 10 
Year Compressor 
_1 
471 
 1O_ 
Year Parts V__10 
Year Condenser Coil 
return inlet(s) 
. 
s-,1 All warranty work to be completed during normal working 
hours. 
PIPING: 
V Reconnect to existing refrigerant line set 
D Reconnect to existing condenser water risers 
I-1 New insulated copper refrigerant piping 
O White aluminum line cover 
V Reconnect to existing condensate drain system 
V New galvanized emergency drain pan 
V Safely float shut ott switch 
U Condensate pump 
U OTHER _ 
_ 
Customer. 
Company 
PAYMENT TERMS: 50% upon Acceptance - Balance upon Completion 
Date 
Dollars $ A 7.955 00 
Data 5",:i -47
erving South Florida Since 1960" 
Title to the property herein sold shell not pass until aft payments have been 
made it lull. Should this Proposal be turned over to an attorney lot Collection. 
Buyer wel be responsible for attorney lees in addition to the Proposal amount. 
This Proposal does not include any work that is not specitied detailed. THIS 
PROPOSAL EXPIRES IN 30 DAYS. 
EFTA00809186

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809187.pdf
----------------------------------------
III IIVIIIIIIIII~UIIIoll1111
'03321' 
100000 171403 
ST
 STATE 
Sex Offender 
Registry 
To: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
LITTLE ST JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER. 83 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
From: 
Sex Offender Registry Unit, NYS Division of Criminal Justice Services 
RE: 
Annual Address Verification 
Sex Offender Registry Annual Address Verification Form 
April 10,2017 
Offender ID: 33216 
The Sex Offender Registration Act (SORA) requires you to review, update, and sign this Annual Address 
Verification Form and mail this form back to the Division of Criminal Justice Services within 10 days from receipt 
of this form. You must do this whether or not you have reported updated information to parole, probation or a 
law enforcement agency. If you attend, are enrolled at, reside at, or are employed at any institution of higher 
education, you must provide that information on this form. You must also report your intemet service provider(s), 
all screen names, all e-mail addresses and all other information listed on the form. If you are a level 2 or 3 sex 
offender, you must report the name and address of all employers. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
• 
Review each line of information on this form carefully. 
• 
If you find any information that is incorrect or outdated, cross out incorrect or outdated 
Information with a single line. 
• 
Enter any corrections or any new/additional information In the blank boxes provided. 
THIS FORM MUST BE SIGNED AND ALL PAGES RETURNED EVEN IF NONE OF THE INFORMATION 
HAS CHANGED. FAILURE TO RETURN ALL PAGES OF THIS FORM WITHIN 10 DAYS OF RECEIPT IS A 
FELONY AND MAY RESULT IN THE ISSUANCE OF A WARRANT FOR YOUR ARREST. 
Please contact the Sex Offender Registry at 518-417-3384 with any questions about this form. 
OFFENDER INFORMATION 
LAST NAME 
FIRST NAME 
MIDDLE 
SSN 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
E 
Maio 
cortnigni 
<-- here 
OTHER NAMES 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY EDWARD 
Enter any aliases, nick names or other names used in the following section. 
Page . 1 el 11 
EFTA00809187
--- PAGE 2 ---
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRIIIIIIIIIU 
ID:"21
100000117 403 
PHYSICAL ATTRIBUTES 
BIRTHRATE 
HEIGHT 
WEIGHT 
HAIR 
• EYES 
GLASSES 
/2011953 
600 
180 
Gray 
Blue 
Mahe erection 
<-• here 
SCARS/MARKS/TATTOOS 
Enter any other scars/marks/tattoos. 
PR MARY ADDRESS 
Primary address is the address where you live most of the time. 
I 
NUMBER/STREET/AFT 
CITY 
LITTLE ST JAMES, 6100 REO HOOK CUARTEREO 
ST THOMAS 
Make carettan 
<— Iwo 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
VI 
00802 
US 
maw corrocthes 
<— 
here 
Phone a el this aftess 
Erdee phone 11 correct's(' here --->c.,  ?? 
.i.:; ,,,_\,7\ch e,:t E, ,v-
Name of Collage f Unlvoislly 
Cji AA • i j(1-10 ' 7-,-::\CITiOn"( N',. 1M 
C \ 
Page • 2 of 11 
EFTA00809188
--- PAGE 3 ---
ID332
1000001171403 
SECONDARY ADDRESS 
Secondary Address is the address where you live some of the time. 
NUMBER/STREET/APT 
CITY 
358 EL BRILLO WAY 
PALM BEACH 
Make women, 
e— 
here 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
FL 
33460 
US 
NLalos orrecuons 
<— 
here 
More 0 at this address 
Enter phOre 0 cur:000n her ...< ,‘ .k,. ‘  
1_,  \.\ c_m:..•i 1 
Name of College / Universty, 
NUMBER/STREET/APT 
CITY 
GREAT ST JAMES. 
Make carer:tons 
hhere 
SA. -'. 
Lix'i li 1 :. 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
yi
make 
US 
Cerreetoes 
c— 
here 
C:)(
cc`
Phone pat ails address. 
I Enter phone l aNfeCtIOn here .--, Q. /..>(,) 1,:\AA.nc,,,,.,,eci
..:c‘..... 
I 
Name of College I Uneersity: 
NUMBER/STREET/APT 
CITY 
Make cartectOnS 
.e 
here
_
_ 
iccQ ri,\Ipi-i , 
_
„? : :.--)(7•.tr, 
(. v
_ -- olec* /3,-tcl 
ell( cl) 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
FN 
Make corrections 
c.— 
here 
Prone Nat re address 
Enter phone p conemon Ito --->Se
 ,-, ,r) 
,,L, f...„-,I 
C. t-r -I -Trli 
\i .k. -, I 
Name of College / Lin:versify, 
NUMBERISTREET/ApT 
CITY 
E 71ST ST 
NEW YORK 
Make carmen 
4—. 
Mee 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
NY 
100214102 
New York 
US 
Make eOrrectione 
c.— 
hen. 
ptx,ne # et m6 address 
Enter phone II correction here •"' -:,i: >e_ ir ,, \ ‘ cr• vr )e r i 
Name of College / University. 
NUMBER/STREET/APT 
CITY 
ZCRRO RANCH RD 
STANLEY 
Make cenectoters 
<— 
here 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
NM 
67056 
US 
Male corrections 
<— 
here 
Pi-one U at was address 
Eller phone N cofforech here ••••• • 
-.(c) I- H i  ( ,kc \, (.. c  I 
Name of College I University: 
Enter any additional Secondary Address in the following section
NUMSERMTREET/APT 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
Enter phone p here - - a 
If the above address is on the campus of a College or Uriversity.onter its name 
Pogo -3 or 11 
EFTA00809189
--- PAGE 4 ---
IIIIII1111111)1
11111
011,1111 
1°3"16
NUMBER/STREET/APT 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
Eiger chono a here • > 
If the above address is on the campus of a College or Uraversilyontor Its name 
PO BOX ADDRESS 
PO Box Address is allowed if mail cannot be delivered to the primary address. PO Box Address must be 
approved by the Post Master and Law Enforcement. 
Enter any PO BOX Information in the following section 
i 
PO BOX 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
EMPLOYMENT INFORMATION 
EMPLOYERS NAME 
NUMBER/STREET/APT 
ECUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY
6100 RED HOOK QUARTO:UM 
Make corrections 
<— 
bore 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
ST THOMAS 
VI 
UO280 
US 
Make corrector's 
c.— 
mre 
Name of College / Univorsay: 
En er any additional employment information in the following section 
EMPLOYERS NAME 
NUMBER/STREET/APT 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
If the above address is on the campus of a Cottage or UnNorsilyenter Its name 
EMPLOYER'S NAME 
NUMBER/STREET/APT 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
If the above address is on the campus of a Collage or Univorsity,onter Its name 
HIGHER EDUCATION INFORMATION 
Higher education includes any 2 or 4 year colleges or any trade or vocational schools. 
Enter any additional education information in the following section 
SCHOOL NAME 
NUMBER/STREET/APT 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
Dates of Alleedance. Ernoloynent or Enrollment 
From Date 
To Oree 
Chock one 
Enrolled 
• 
Empeoyed 
• 
Attend/le 
Page - 4 of 
EFTA00809190
--- PAGE 5 ---
III ili,11111,1111
 1O.332
0000
SCHOOL NAME 
NUMBER/STREET/APT 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
COUNTY 
COUNTRY 
Dales of Allen:Isnot Errcloymenl or Enna/net% 
From Dale 
To Date 
Checkz one 
MI 
Emoted 
CI Erpoyed 
II 
A II ending 
Page - 5 all 
EFTA00809191
--- PAGE 6 ---
AMOChed ALitOCYLIDAteS1 
VEHICLE INFORMATION -P-)L. CCIS cirri Autaack 
Information of any vehicle that you own or drive. 
YEAR 
MAKE 
MODEL 
COLOR 
LIC PLATE 
STATE 
2007 
Hummer 
Hummer II 
Black 
CPK643 
NM 
Make coemettens 
4— hem 
2002 
Mercedes-Benz 
503 Series 
Black 
NHL5.52 
NM 
Make COnedlons 
L- Mee 
2010 
Chevrolet 
Suburban 
Black 
TED218 
VI 
heik.carecoons 
1968 
Aircraft 
Unknown 
N908JE 
VI 
Make etatabons 
.A2ric-rtect. 
p)oeitna 
' 
—0 ---1 
See. 
1968 
2583TC 
VI 
MakeMee:63n 
<— hole 
—e()(
%_.,
Lcne. 
- r'--. 9111V\e‘_
2008 
29071C 
VI 
Mn. cam/ions 
Proe.c* 
2x ; 1 
o
2005 
0730TC 
VI 
Make cot/coons 
4._ bete 
COO e ‘-brn 
l2i ' 
2011 
4105TC 
VI 
Make cone:tens 
<•- pre 
\ infinhn 
\i MOOR
- 1<e 
2011 
41061C 
VI 
Make COltOCL01111 
<- here 
\ K 'AcIfII 
V ICA 
\I )( t R(1) A - 1Ce) 
1999 
2709TC 
VI 
Make ON/OCti:41$ 
4••• ISO 
‘ \Mr(
'  • 
2008 
Land Rover 
Range Rover 
Black 
M10718 
NM 
Make conectOns 
2013 
Dodge 
Caravan 
Black 
TEM492 
VI 
Make collections 
2013 
Ford 
Expedition 
Black 
522RZZ 
NM 
Make =cottons 
2001 
N331JE 
Make coot/Mons 
N-vrictec. 
P 
Liiii..,',Iel.:‘,-0,-( 
See 
1988 
N212JE 
NY 
Make oittectan 
Av‘rtheri 
,.. 
. 
t -) V 1 VI-  Sk 
( -erten 
()-7 -1 
V 
fr-j \CM( 
k 
e•iee_ 
2012 
46411C 
VI 
Make 000Ction• 
i 2A- 1111- 11C- If( 
i7-en ry, X.) 
2015 
Chevrolet 
Suburban 
Black 
NAL159 
NM 
Make carectorte 
-hue 
2015 
General Motor Corp. 
Yukon 
Black 
TET575 
VI 
Map canteens 
4.- hem 
—2046— 
Chevrolet 
Suburban 
Black 
HCP5713 
NY 
Make eoneCtema 
s - hate 
(C) O 
UM 
2013 
4772TC 
VI 
Make Camels/. 
c- here 
(4 
) IC4 \ S 
I 
Page • 8 of 11 
ours 
C/Innle 
TCIA /Oa 
000001171403 
EFTA00809192
--- PAGE 7 ---
1111111111111111111
ID3"16
1000001171403 
See A4-100-tid - 
Enter any additional vehicle information in the following section 
I 
PCC 
rind tocircroci-
YEAR 
MAKE 
MODEL 
COLOR 
LIC PLATE 
STATE 
cam. Cadillac 
Esc.ok-xcie. BlX.L NHL-32.I 
IN\ On 
(905 
erne 
yuvnn 
?)kccr_ 15112t114 
\--:L. 
a01 (D Chevrolet 
_gt Aburhnn Bloch 1-r3rsK55 
C L 
ICR°1 
ft3ArsUlt 
031 (4" 
3.5L-R--rc 'FL 
(900-i 
skreern 6550 
DRIVER'S LICENSE INFORMATION 
DRIVERS LICENSE NUMBER 
ISSUING STATE 
0000025874 
VI 
Hake correction 
<— htee 
C000000074316 
VI 
Make Oeueetan 
c— here 
IN3t-At5Lrn see 
c 
Enter any additional drivers license information in the following section 
DRIVER'S LICENSE NUMBER 
ISSUING STATE 
Page - 7 of 11 
EFTA00809193
--- PAGE 8 ---
See A-k-kachej-Inkerne+ Qua-keci 
INTERNET INFORMATION relCaffrer ic‘CrI and 
C11 1 1•K)Aes 
P(PIO 
SERVICE PROVIDER 
SERVICE PROVIDER 
AT&T 
ORANGE TELECOM 
Wk. arrechons 
<— Mee 
COMCAST 
yak* cortecfcms 
g— hen 
THE WARNER 
Mahe creak.% 
<—• hen 
—PINTEREER--- 
Wake conectort 
c_ II eTe 
See, getow * 
--thiono---- 
Mall CCITOCIo” 
.... here 
4e 42De\ow 4- 
--GRANT-WATCA4---. 
Mike conector4 
`Nero
See Mow -Yr 
--GOGGL-E-MAPS-- 
Mate coroectbns 
c— hem 
See getow * 
CHOICE COMMUNICATIONS 
Maknonelhans 
4— hem 
FREE TELECOM 
Make COUICONIS 
<— NOW 
VERIZON 
Make Cori octions 
e— WO 
I1111111111111,111
nu"' 
*See A-k-coned- Okher Interne-1- Peco.inkInformaiion 
ore -vre. Niot 
m reciocctd\okme b‘scepritnuect use 
oc 
Accoun-ks Se* for--wereqy 
SCORee. P(b\AC\-e( 
Page • 8 of 11 
EFTA00809194
--- PAGE 9 ---
SCREEN NAME 
SCREEN NAME 
TREJEFFREYEPSTEINFOUNDATION 
*Akkomamocton 
4-. Mm 
JEFFREYEPSTEIN 
Make countores 
<--line 
JEFFREYEPSTEINORG 
Make earoceons 
C... hem 
THE JEFFREY EPSTEIN VI FOUNDATION 
%Inky C0/10a011li 
h. heto 
JEFFREYEPSTEINFOUNDATION 
Make cones-bans 
JEFFREY_EPSTEIN 
Make catectons 
JEFFREYEPSTEIN i 
Maki: Co riet!CoS 
<-- here 
MATTER JEFFREY_EPSTEIN 
make coneaons 
<-. Imo 
JEFFREYEPSTEINI2 
Make moment 
<-- here 
JEFFREYEPSTEIN2 
make Montan 
<— here 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN VI FOUNDATION 
1.4.0i0 COICOCWII• 
<-. ha* 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Slake corroctionS 
<-- here 
INSTAGRAM JEEPROJECT 
Flake reunions 
<-- An 
JEEPROJECT 
Slake corrections 
JEFFREY-EPSTEIN 
TA4TTER JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
SKYPE 
make "...non. 
roemACCI-tionnmoill. CU() 
FACETIME 
Wee Winton 
4.-- here 
II 
ID:33216 
Pogo -9a11 
EFTA00809195
--- PAGE 10 ---
•f 
Sex Offender's Signature 
c,„_2;zci(\oifsc,-= 
InfatittilCaAgailiClolY~Qo~'p(~1\(11~t— 
1000001 
71403 
OC 
na
1/4A
 oT
Se set r- A 
ilt, 
inCluc
Cf
t193 -WWI, 
below Jac 
3MCe‘lo wntort (Atrial • COM 
E-MAIL ADDRESS and ]eel 1n 
coM 
E-MAIL ADDRESS 
JEEPROJECTOYAHOO.COM 
<— Make certain here 
JEEVACATIONOMESOM 
<— Make COrttellons here 
JEEVACATIONOGMAILaN 
<— Niue cones tore here 
(.— MAYAO corrections hero 
JEFIREYEPSTEINORG@GMAIL.COM 
<— Make COnecUOre NM 
JEFEREYERSIEINORG@YAHOO.COM 
JEEYACATIONIOME,COM 
<— Mate correctoons hero 
COLUMBRQEWASUOyAlignp2A 
<— Make oarrellOns here 
gagetkeSIENCRISMSali 
c— Make correctrOns here 
JEFFREY@REMEYEPSZEIN_PRG 
<-- Mate coterctions NM 
JEEYACATIONaGMAIL. COM 
<.-- Make ootrectionl hero 
1.1111.ESDEFFOYA11OO.C0M 
c._ make COrreCbens here 
ID:33216 
Enter any additional Internet information in the following section 
f 
SERVICE PROVIDER 
SCREEN NAME 
E-MAIL ADDRESS 
SIGNAL 
Levet *3 Coregruncatton 
Gen-tutus LtnY, 
keettt inec OX\cynt I. orm 
I CERTIFY THAT THE INFORMATION ON THIS FORM IS COMPLETE AND ACCURATE. I HAVE CROSSED 
OUT ALL INFORMATION THAT IS INCORRECT OR OUTDATED. I HAVE ADDED ALL CORRECTIONS 
AND ALL NEW INFORMATION. I UNDiagr-TAND THAT FAILING TO PROVIDE THIS INFORMATION OR 
PRO 
LSE INFORMATLONTS A FELONY. 
Teticreti Ecs-t-etn 
 Ltlict\11 
Sex Offenders 
Name(print) 
Date 
THIS FORM MUST BE SIGNED AND ALL PAGES RETURNED EVEN IF NONE OF THE INFORMATION 
HAS CHANGED. FAILURE TO RETURN ALL PAGES OF THIS FORM WITHIN 10 DAYS OF RECEIPT IS A 
FELONY AND MAY RESULT IN THE ISSUANCE OF A WARRANT FOR YOUR ARREST. 
Return to: 
Division of Criminal Justice Services - SOR 
South Swan St 
Albany, NY 12210 
Page - 10 of 11 
EFTA00809196
--- PAGE 11 ---
H )IlIIlllhI)
I)HI) II' 11)川 ID332 16 
1C3000J. 71403 
／극EW 
$卜／ 
YORK 
乙入君It 
Sex Offender 
Registry 
Michael C. Green 
lExecutive Deputy Commissioner 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Notice of Important Document 
ENGLISH 
心pa加1 
Spanish 
fl :
陛三多多多多쁘ragnit ; 
1Este document이晦Itien.戚而de此雨III把nto·尸！blta de respu心tap而de 
밑ar en una querena Pena.1r bi riecesna una traauccion gratuna, name at 
'
tviucnas gractus. 
m 
筒休字
Simplified 
C川nese 
迭
是
H
价要求限期回篁的法律文件. 不予回立可能尋致被刑事指控汭 
；
果
"無需要免妥的硼澤件 ' 滑致屯 
“
澍澍 
" 
, 
}Creyol Ayisycn 
Haitian 
Crc이C 
帥啣：i ci帥毗g뺏 gen dole艸蜘艸雨 艸：卿onn sa느 
1口亡asyon Krirntnel. i w DC 째Cfl t C1lKS 
'Ofl gratis, tanpn row nan
Msi. 
Itallano 
Italian 
[II presente 6 un docurnen뜨 legate urgente. La inancata. rispos相' pu6 da1
느
" " 
r 1山Imento penate. ret una iraauzione 으ratutta. cinami ii numero I 
尸
＝
O
r
a
z
i
e
.
' 
한국어 
Korea a 
이것욘시간을다투는법적인문건입니다． 
옹답하치않는경우 
형사고발을 당할 수 있습니다． 
무료 번역이 핍요하시면， 
5lt84i7' 
"번으로”
"
린
斗
"
십 ' 1오’ 갑 ' 
I
.
합 " 1다’ 
PyCCICJ1ii 
S
i
o
lo,
p
H
f
u
'
r
e
c
l
c
,
H,ii jjo,,xyMel，
，
빻
y
i
o
i
u
f
t
6eao
'
r
a
r
a
r
e
j
，
 ，내
,,oro SHBM,,aII
, ,H,R
.
H
e
c
s
。
eBpeMenHbiti OTI3CT MOwn
' fl I4BCCTH IC fl O 
M5AONfflO yr。n。a 。r。 
o6BHHenu0 Prnu 
a業黑cnnam&ze ycnynt nepeaoua, XIOSBOHNTC 
rio
fi。
Mepy 
Criacu6。. 
Page-il of *1 
EFTA00809197
--- PAGE 12 ---
ATTACHMENT TO SEXUAL OFFENDER REGISTRATION FORM 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Automobiles, Boats, Arenage9hon9 Numbers, Enka Addresses, and Internet Related Information 
AUTOMOBILES 
License 
Slate 
AO 
Eta 
Beeigepid Color ft agy 
2010 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNUCKE05AR225550 
TED 218 
USVI 
Black LSJ 
2002 Mercedes Benz 5503 
.VADBNG75J02A217037 
. NHL 552 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
2010 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNUKKE30AR251129 
TEW898 
USVI 
Black LSJ 
2007 Hirer H2 
5GRGN23U57H100289 
CPK M3 
New Mexico Black Florida 
2012 Cadillac Escalade 
1GYS4JEF4CR216976 
NHL 381 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
62008 Range Rover 
SALSH23448A128123 
Mu) 718 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
2013 Dodge Caravan 
2C4RDGBG7DR597495 
TEM 492 
USVI 
Black LSJ 
8.2013 Ford Expedition EL 
1FMJIC2A55DEF21918 
522 RU 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
2015 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNSKIO<C5FR146558 
NAL 159 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
2015 GMC Yukon Denali 
1GKS2JKJOFR553299 
TET sn 
USVI 
Black LSJ 
2015 GMC Yukon Denali 
1GKS2JKJ9FR648337 
Y57 AYH 
Florida 
Black Florida 
12.2016 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNSXJKC6GR125114 
HCP 5713 
New York 
Black New York 
2018 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNSKJKC,8GR457250 
HJG 1(55 
Florida 
Black Florida 
Boat 
Registration 
Hull ID 
BOATS 
BOMS 
thiffiket 
Number 
1999 35' Ribtec with Yamaha Engine 
Nana 
2709-TC 
99507 
LSJ 
2011 Yamaha VX1800A-KB 
Na 
4108-TC 
US-YAMA28230111 
LSJ 
2011 Yamaha VX1800A-KB 
Na 
4105-TC 
US-YAMA3205C111 
LSJ 
2006 31 Cape HOT 
PRO 
0730-TC 
FAB31056X508 
LSJ 
2008 36' Procat 
Little C 
2907-TC 
VVJIF10168808 
LSJ 
Miss Ava - 1968 73' INC-8 (barge) 
we it 
2583-TC 
74CM6763 
LSJ 
2012 Bombadier Sea Doo 
Na 
4641-TC 
YOV19326E212 
LSJ 
2013 34' Sportis S-105001K 
Little S 
4772-7C 
PL-SPTZ1989G313 
LSJ 
1989 23'6' Pursuit 
Na 
3546-TC 
SSUE3050C981 
LSJ 
Registration 
Tail Number 
Airports - for all locations 
AIRCRAFT 
I 1988 Boeing 727 
N908JE 
The Cyril E. King airport in St. Thomas 
2001 Bee 430 
N331JE 
West Palm Beach International Airport and Boca Raton Airport 
1988 Guistream G-IV 
N212JE 
Santa Fo Municipal Airport 8 Albquerque International. New Mexico 
4.2007 Gultstream 6550 
N415LM 
John F Kennedy International Airport Newark International Airport & 
Teterboro. NJ plus East 34th Street Heliport - 34th Street & FOR Drive. 
Wall Street Heliport - Pier 6 & FDR Drive & VIP Heliport - West 30th 
Street & 1201Ave 
Long Island MacArthur Airport and Stewart International Airport 
JEE lines 
LSJ 
JEE lines 
LSJ 
JEE lines 
LSJ 
JEE lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
.LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff fines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff tines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff tines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
.LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
EFTA00809198
--- PAGE 13 ---
• 29 
43.
HOT SPOTS 
staff lines 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
.LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
•LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
JEE Yrve 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff Inc 
Florida 
Staff be 
'Florida 
Staff One 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff firre 
Florida 
JEE line 
New Mexico 
JEE Ilie 
New Mexico 
Staff Ire 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff Ire 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff Sie 
NOW Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff foe 
New Mexico 
Stiff line 
New Mexico 
Staff ine 
New Mexico 
JEE fine 
New York 
Staff toe 
New York 
Staff fir* 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff toe'
New York 
Staff brie 
New York 
Staff ■Ie 
New York 
Staff fine 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff Me 
NOW York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
EFTA00809199
--- PAGE 14 ---
INTERNET RELATED INFORMATION - SEE NOTES BELOW 
EMAIL ADDRESSES 
The email addresses below have been sealed trot Co belle Of Mr Einleort However. oNy peevaCatenagfM1I.COM IS a erely 
used by MC Ewen hlmsm jaeluMilegMait COM It Mt used by W Easton but was pealed extlusewily to Prate  credentials 
necessary to open an ITures =curd la the pechase of anent from Apple. The remiWng anal addresses are wed no Ionise 
in we by Mr Epstein or were hinted by odependent third lily 'flint reiwilthoo meMgarnfot Seiveco prow:Ian engaged by 
Mr Epstein and were used Specilcally in Crannedkin M Indepanderl Greaten by SW) SOWS provider, 01 'Kernel ACCOunN. 
webbleS. beg sites or other web based accounts a COMM corrownfig W Epstein. but which were nether trteled MY used by 
W. Eptilein. AS Staled bet*. Midi Wtensel aCCOunle web n. bog sates. aid MN web based moose. here been parrmoently 
dosed ariddeleted, and use of tte *mai addresses created in connection with the same has been diSOONinued Out of an 
awdence CI Gluten. all oldie wail awes 
betel niman on en list because of the,  pew use by Mr. Eintein a their pear 
-
MNaim connectionvet Such Internet account,. snaloSIWS. blog Peat web based accounts and Content CandeMng Mr EpSten 
Coluenbiadentalleyahoo.corn 
jeevgationg0me.com 
_jstediacoop_1(Onvesgn 
*project©yaboo.com 
jeencalionegnsail.com 
jeffrey©jeffreyepslein.org 
jelfreyepsteinocepgmed.com 
Jeffreyepsleinorg©yahoo.com 
jellreyiptsieineptive.cam 
idelhitddigialthadiaeb 
littleStiallgiyah00 corn 
WEBSITES 
TM weld's below were created by independent Vie pent ewe rePtitabOn fmnagermnt wince prodders *nipped by Mr. 
Easton to provide content concerning Ma Epstein end Ns business. sclera antler philanthrope actMees. Mr Pesten menet 
Opefated net managed MM. weteateS. Mr exercised edilefial Vaned over Mr pubiShed any Content on any et these webSteS. 
whICh were managed esduwvely by Such ormca prowders With two exCepbOna OPeraton of Corse **Wet  by Math Wee. 
— iffewberS has been aftrillaneritty CISCOranued and (WM of W:h SeneCO providers CO the websnrs have been a are rs me process 
of bawd sweated by the amain hosts mewl The tact twOwebSreS tern.. repos ratfrerepMene3.wOrdpeta coon. end 
Maw.pftreyespleansblogspotam wore ueated by intonet reptrebel management service hewers welch Mt Epstein IS triable 
-- IDCana NO new canted has been coot shed on arose weaves ince 2012, tot neither Mr EpStein Mr Ns current repulsion 
management stoke provided we able to obtan the credentais necessary to close me warmers Me Epstein is net responsible 
in anyway los any content that may be peashel on any of he wobsies Wow Out of an aburctaMe of caubon, however, he 
WebSein belays riamen Co this list sobs/ because of her price disclosure 
_ . wive jeftreyepsteip erg 
WWwiellfeyepSteinbloS.COM 
. 
. 
WYAyieffrgyePSfeinU,S
grff_l 
yoyw jOhrOyapatpid, had 
wwiettreyepstein93 wordpress corn 
www iehreyepSteinS Ologspot corn 
_ 
TWITTER 
'wealth. Twitter accounts bete" heti been disconeided pechanerat and Mr. Epsten's Nome, reputaton management memos 
--pOWNere we in the process of pemenelly *wing the Twitted accents beee. Mr EpSten is MI reSocnibk n any way fa any 
(giant stet may Yam /I MOW Twiner accottla In an overabundance or cause, the Twitter accoures below (mein On INS NM 
- SOlety because 
thou pncr disckoure 
jeffrey_epstein 
Jeffreyepstelnl 
INSTAGRAM 
Um of the Instogram accounts below has been discontinued perm/wen*. and Mr lestes's Intermit rep earlon management Lance 
Providers have pemeeentty dosed the tristaparn scounn below. Mr. Epstein is not numnsItare in anyway lot sty content that may appear 
in time Mites:ram semen-a wan amebae:lance or caution. the ...Miran. •CCOUllb below 'nein on this hit welly Scene either prior . 
castles's.. 
jeeproject 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
FACETIME 
SIGNAL 
SKYPE 
jesivacapoe
gTniticom 
EFTA00809200
--- PAGE 15 ---
OTHER INTERNET ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
The hairnet accesses below repressent creme. sccomts. wetalles. Nog saes. cc other web based accaunts a corneal and 
Kromnarros and war names associated thormath 0300111Ifig Mr Enron. but much ware nee earned nor used by Mr 
Epstein. The interne acccants Wow were created. ernirdsWed. coaralet and managed excaisleetlbY icidlmfrieht FeTi Cary 
Internet reptroiron mann/mom service provides erimged to Mr. Epstein b prove* caveat eroaraing Mr Epstein and his 
business. smentinc and infant/coma iambs Mr. Epstein exercised no administrative. opeuitonal. ectiodal a mannerist 
contra over at any of such Menai acorns the of the Internet accounts below by such se/Nice providers has biro peimianerny 
tescorenued and as or Me accounts ham been cloture ei Misled, lb gratin is not responsible in dry way * any octant mat 
-- may appear el COnneCtron with any of tie Internet accounts below marry activities in comedians/Rh such accounts Mier than the 
dosing or temiinaton thereof. CM of en abundance el carbon, all or me mune' *mourn bedew remain on ins MI because of me 
prior ctsdosrne of Pik prior use by interne, reculaban management service providers engaged by Mn. Eileen 
Company
411 
Scoupons 
aboutus.org 
AirVell 
AJITop 
sestOfTheWeb 
Type
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
article directory 
business directory 
Screenname 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
User Name 
lellrey@jettreyeostem.org 
jeffreyarjeffreyepslem org 
Jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
Kiffreydfpjeffroyepsloin org 
JeffreyEpsiein 
iellreY6ioffroYegslein org 
ff 
m 
ChamberoCornmerce.com 
alysearch 
CitySquares 
ClieSearch 
Cricket 
Crunch base 
Delicious 
DexKnows 
Dg
Disquis 
DNB 
eLocal 
Factual 
Flickr 
Flickr 
Forbes.com 
Gather 
GetFave 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Google + 
Connie Mane 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
science/technology 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
public profile 
social nth* directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
social ntwk directory 
online magazine 
public profile 
business directory 
website 
website 
website 
public profile 
hueinem directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
leffre yen Mint 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
vnywieffrOyegStein 
wenn jetfreyepstemusvi cool 
mew jefneyeostezn net 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Frrollein VI Foundation 
JetkeYeieffraYepsiejnin 
ieffrey@jeffroyepstein org 
leflrey@jetfreyepStern.Ofg 
lisflreyggeffroyegaroin Org 
effrey.Olleffreyeostem.0rq 
JeffreyEpsleint 
IffilyggStOinOrgegma il _corn 
:effreyaeffreyegstein org 
Jolfreyopsteinorg@gmail Corn 
:off revigiteinconlaCirna il.corn 
Ledrey@jeffreyePstein org 
leffreir(Gieffrevepslenerg 
leffrey@jeffreyepslein org 
jeffreyepsteinorg@yaIloo.com 
siffreyousteinorg©gmail con 
Jeffrey Epstein 
jeffrey_epstein 
kethey©LettreyEplOtn.Org 
jeffreyespleinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
lett rOyegaleiniagefimall.Coni 
jeffrovencleinornrromail cnrn 
HopStop 
Hotfrog 
Indeed 
Insiderpages 
Klout 
Linkedln 
Live 
LocalOatabase 
manta 
MapQuest 
Merchanteircle 
Myspace 
Patch 
Penny Saver 
Philanthropy.Corn 
Phone Number 
Photobucket 
Pinterest 
Pocketly 
PR.com 
ShowMelocal 
SildeShare 
SOdahead 
Stumbleupon 
Supermedia.corn 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein Vi Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
employment directory Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
social ntwk directory Jeffrey_Epstein 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
foundation directory 
business directory 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
press releases 
business directory 
social nark directory 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey_Epstein 
JeffreyEpstein2 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
!Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
!Jeffrey Epstein 
jeffrey.epstem 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
.effregkedreirepstein erg 
jeffrey(gjeffreyepstein org 
jeffrey©IeffreyegStern org 
,telfreyeieffreyepstein org 
telfreyepstetnorg@gmail corn 
jeffreyepstein 
infoyepoleinaliy,.COrn 
stfroy@tottreyeostein erg 
leffieraeffreYnOstein org 
ealgeyaieffroyepston org 
jegrey©feffreyepstein org 
JefirdiegStergagaggiadSgm.! 
Leffreyeae_ffreyepatein 
olfreydaigLefrzepatem org 
JefkeyEpsmin 
Jefirrale_fk_eyePsteinorg 
jeffreyepsteinorotlyahoo com 
jeffreyejeffreyepstein. erg 
lefffeY©lefffeTelaStetriFrg 
effrevpstediorg@,g ma II.COM 
;effrey©jedreyepstein oat 
;effreyepsteinorgagnialag 
elfreyepstein or gglig rna coat 
;0ttrey-00SI0iri 
jeffrey@jeffreyeestein org 
EFTA00809201
--- PAGE 16 ---
SuPerPaPes 
superpages.com 
Switchboard 
Technorsti 
USCity.net 
vImeo 
VVIite & Yellow Pages 
WIdpedla 
VVilcipedia 
YaSabo 
Ye/logbook 
Yellow Rot 
YellowPageCity 
Yellow pages 
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public encyclodpedla 
public encyclodpedie 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Offroyepetein12 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
.Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey. Epstein VI Foundatioo 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
jeffrevaieffreYePStein.otg
yofireyepskenorgamaridem 
jeffrevfteffrevetasteinolg 
• 
,JeffreyEpsteln12 
.jeffrey@jeffreyepsteinorg 
jelfreyaeffroyepstesn org 
jeffreyfteffreygistein.01.9
Turves 
Turvile 
mareyaineurylosiesoru 
j effreygjeffreyepsteioorg 
gdireyejeffroyepstein org 
ieffrey@jeffreyepstein.org 
ieffroaieffreYS111!O/1 erg 
EFTA00809202

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809203.pdf
----------------------------------------
2:53 PM 
11/14/17 
Accrual Basis 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Account QuickReport 
As of November 14, 2017 
Type 
Date 
Name 
Memo 
Split 
Amount 
25000 • Credit Card Payable 
25010 • First Bank Mastercard - JEE 
Credit Card Charge 
11/14/2017 
American Yacht Harbor 
Rent for September - Inv.# 8021400 
-SPLIT- 
10.986.79 
Crecid Card Charge 
11/14/2017 
American Yacht Harbor 
Rent for October - Inv.# 80214CO 
-SPLIT- 
9.724.23 
Crecid Card Charge 
11/14/2017 
American Yacht Harbor 
Rent for November - Inv.# 8021733 
-SPLIT- 
10.428.41 
Total 25010 • First Bank Mastercard - JEE 
31.139.43 
Total 25000 • Credit Card Payable 
31.139.43 
TOTAL 
31,139.43 
Page 1 
EFTA00809203

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809204.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
, 
Economic Dortiopmeni Authority 
101110$110A On I 0774524784 
GOVERNMENT OF THE TERRITORY OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
OF THE UNITED STATES 
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT COMMISSION CERTIFICATE 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY. INC. 
(Beneficiary) 
Pursuant to the authority vested in me as Chairman of the Virgin Islands 
Economic Development Commission ("Commission") by V.I. CODE ANN. tit. 29, §§ 
701-726 and in the name of the Government of the Virgin Islands of the United States, I 
do hereby issue this certificate to Southern Trust Company, Inc. ("Beneficiary") whose 
application for Economic Development Benefits was accepted by the Chief Executive 
Officer of the Economic Development Authority on October 25, 2012. The Commission 
finds that the Beneficiary is an eligible new Beneficiary pursuant to the Commission's 
Rules and Regulations ("V.I.R.R.") 715-3(b). The grant of benefits hereinafter described 
is for the Beneficiary or any successors approved by the Commission to conduct the 
operation of a Category HA designated service business providing extensive DNA 
database and to develop a data-mining platform for the database to be available through 
the Internet. 
The Beneficiary's services include the development of financial and 
biomedical informatics. Information will be kept on servers located in the U.S. Virgin 
Islands. All of the Beneficiary's clients will be located outside the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
This certificate is subject to the acceptance of and full compliance by the Beneficiary 
with all the following general, standard, and special conditions, and the timely 
performance and observance of the same by the Beneficiary: 
I. 
The Beneficiary shall invest in this business in the Virgin Islands of the 
United States not less than the amount of Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000.00) 
in the benefited business upon commencement of benefits and completing one (1) year 
thereafter. 
\4.1 
II. 
The Beneficiary will employ a minimum of five (5) full-time employees ) (SP 
\, 
within one year from the date the Chairman signs its Certificate, and an additional five n-tj
(5) full-time employees by the end of the sixth (61h) year of operation. The Beneficiary 
was granted a 50% resident employment waiver for the first five (5) years of operation 
and to require the following: The Beneficiary will contribute Two Thousand Five 
Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) annually to the Territorial Scholarship Fund, administered 
by the Board of Education, for each non-resident that causes it not to meet the 80% 
requirement. Southern Trust will also exhaust all recruitment options available but not 
limited to the University of the Virgin Islands and the Department of Labor. 
Page 1 of 10 
EFTA00809204
--- PAGE 2 ---
Itonornk Ciralopment Authority 
OM VS11101 0114 I en lit Will 
Economic Development Commission Certificate 
Thereafter, the Beneficiary must comply with the requirement that at least 80% of all 
employees of the Beneficiary must be Virgin Islands residents as defined in 29 V.I.C. § 
703(e) and provided that not less than 20% shall be in the areas of management, 
supervisory and/or technical positions filled by residents of the Virgin Islands, pursuant 
to 29 V.I.C. § 710(a). 
III. 
The following standard conditions shall apply: 
I. 
Beneficiary shall comply with any and all reasonable requests 
during regular working hours of the Commission, the Virgin Islands Department of 
Finance, the Virgin Islands Bureau of Audit and Control, Virgin Islands Department of 
Labor, Virgin Islands Department of Licensing and Consumer Affairs, and the Virgin 
Islands Bureau of Internal Revenue. 
2. 
This Certificate is conditioned upon the final determination of the 
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States or his designee, of compliance of the 
Beneficiary with the requirements of the United States Internal Revenue, I.R.C. § 934 
(1986), as amended, if applicable. 
3. 
Beneficiary shall fully and actually comply and continue to comply 
with all the applicable provisions of Title 29, Chapter 12 of the Virgin Islands Code, the 
regulations issued pursuant thereto, and all other applicable local and federal laws and 
regulations, including but not limited to those dealing with non-discrimination and 
veterans' employment rights. 
4. 
Beneficiary shall particularly comply, and continue to comply with 
federal and local laws, which establish standards of ecological and environmental 
compatibility, with rules and regulations of the Director of the Virgin Islands Bureau of 
Internal Revenue, and with the rules and regulations of the Economic Development 
Program. 
5. 
Beneficiary shall maintain payroll accounts, from which local 
employees are paid, in a bank licensed and conducting business in the United States 
Virgin Islands, in compliance with 1992 V.I. Sess. Laws 5768. 
6. 
This Certificate shall be effective only for so long as the Beneficiary 
continues to observe and perform each and every condition and requirement in this 
Certificate. 
Page 2 of 10 
EFTA00809205
--- PAGE 3 ---
J:Ola 
IturturnIc Development Authority 
llifilOSIIEOL GIG I BD 43/ Mt 
Economic Development Commission Certificate 
7. 
Upon a written finding by the Commission, after a hearing if 
required, that the Beneficiary has failed to observe the conditions in this Certificate, or to 
comply with any of the time limits provided in this Certificate or otherwise provided by 
law, and upon such further finding that such failure is not due to an act of God, a "force 
majeure," or to the reliance in good faith by the Beneficiary, on a false statement by a 
third party unrelated to the Beneficiary, then the Certificate may be revoked, suspended 
or modified by the Commission pursuant to 29 V.I.C. § 722. If the Beneficiary is found 
to have made false or fraudulent statements or representations or false claims for benefits, 
then pursuant to 29 V.I.C. § 725 the Beneficiary shall pay or refund, as the case may be, 
to the Government of the Virgin Islands of the United States, the amount of every and all 
benefits received under the Certificate after the commencement dates specified herein; 
provided however that the Commission may for good cause shown, grant extensions of 
any such time periods as may be permitted, such extensions to be evidenced by an 
amendment to this Certificate. The hearings and findings are referred to in 29 V.I.C. § 
722 and V.I.R.R. Subchapter 722. Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the 
Commission's rights, duties and responsibilities under 29 V.I.C. § 722 or V.I.R.R. 
Subchapter 722. 
8. 
Beneficiary shall commence the active conduct of the business for 
which this Certificate was granted within five (5) years of approval by Governor, unless 
otherwise provided or unless the business has already commenced. 
9. 
Any new shareholders, partners, owners, members or beneficiaries 
added to the entity after its application has been approved may not claim benefits under 
the Economic Development Program without the prior written approval of the Economic 
Development Commission. 
IV. The following special conditions shall apply: 
1. The Beneficiary will make a minimum charitable contribution of Fifty Thousand 
Dollars ($50,000.00), annually. The Beneficiary will donate Three Thousand 
Dollars ($3,000.00) annually to the Territorial Scholarship Fund pursuant to 2006 
V.I. Sess. Laws 6842. Additionally, the Beneficiary will donate 50% of its annual 
charitable contribution to public school program and initiatives pursuant to 29 
V.I.C. § 708(m). 
2. The Beneficiary will contribute Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) 
annually to the Department of Labor, to be managed in collaboration with the 
EDA, for the creation, development, management, and maintenance of a database 
Page 3 of 10 
EFTA00809206
--- PAGE 4 ---
UP/1001k Ortveloprneni Authority 
1OO11151/40A0RG I 977 Mint 
Economic Development Commission Certificate 
designed to recruit Virgin Islanders living abroad who desire to move back to the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, pursuant to 2011 V.I. Sess. Laws 7301, as applicable. 
3. The Beneficiary will contribute Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) 
annually to the Territorial Scholarship Fund administered by the Board of 
Education for each non-resident that causes it not to meet the 80% requirement. 
Southern Trust will also exhaust all recruitment options available but not limited 
to the University of the Virgin Islands and the Department of Labor. 
4. The Beneficiary will provide its full-time employees and dependents with 100% 
employer paid medical and dental insurance coverage. 
5. The Beneficiary will provide each eligible full-time employee with a minimum of 
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) employer paid term life insurance. 
6. The Beneficiary will provide its employees with a Simple IRA or similar 
retirement plan. The employee participant may make monthly salary deferrals. 
The Beneficiary will make a matching contribution equal to 100% of the 
employee's elective deferral up to a limit of 3% of annual compensation. 
7. The Beneficiary will provide its employees with a minimum of two (2) weeks 
paid vacation during the first year of employment, three (3) weeks paid vacation 
up to five (5) years of employment and four (4) weeks paid vacation after five (5) 
years of employment. The Beneficiary will also provide its employees with two 
(2) paid personal days and fifteen (15) paid holidays annually. The Beneficiary 
will provide up to five (5) personal emergency days and five (5) days 
bereavement leave. Under the medical leave policy, full-time employees may 
have the financial protection of full pay for up to 26 weeks. The Beneficiary will 
offer fully paid and unpaid medical leave dependent upon a number of factors. 
(Factors shall be as set forth in the written employee handbook or company 
policy.) 
8. The Beneficiary will comply with the management training program as approved 
by the Commission in Resolution No. 006-2011 approved on February 25, 2011. 
Page 4 of 10 
EFTA00809207
--- PAGE 5 ---
CconomIc DocInnen' Aulhoilty 
10041,S110.110n I 81/ 412,6/6i 
Economic Development Commission Certificate 
9. The Beneficiary will provide its employees tuition reimbursement, employee 
training, and continuing professional education courses for programs related to an 
employee's job function and approved by management. The maximum assistance 
to be provided to an eligible employee during a calendar year is Five Thousand 
Dollars ($5,000.00) depending on the grade achieved with 100% for an "A"; 75% 
for a "B"; and 50% for a "C". 
10. The Beneficiary will provide its employees with additional leave from work, other 
than time applied to their annual leave, to participate and represent the Virgin ,/ 
Islands in athletic and sporting events in accordance with 29 V.I.C. § 708(p). 
11. The Beneficiary will establish and maintain a Donated Leave Program similar to 
the program established under 3 V.I.C. § 583b, in accordance with 29 V.I.C. § '' 
708(s). 
12. The Beneficiary will require all contractors to purchase insurance from resident 
insurance companies, agents, or brokers licensed to operate in the Territory in  
accordance with 29 V.I.C. § 708(r). 
13. In accordance with and subject to 29 V.I.C. § 708(h) and applicable Commission 
Rules and Regulations with regard to the Eligible Supplier Program, the 
Beneficiary will purchase all goods and services from U.S. Virgin Islands entities 
duly licensed and in good standing under the laws of the Virgin Islands, as 
available, to the greatest extent possible. 
V. 
Specifically Excluded Trade of Business: 
U.S. Virgin Islands clients are specifically excluded from the tax benefits. 
Page 5 of 10 
EFTA00809208
--- PAGE 6 ---
111
Economic Development Authority 
trillEOICIC I 5/1432 8184 
Economic Development Commission Certificate 
THEREFORE, pursuant to the public hearing on this Beneficiary's application on 
November 15, 2012, and the Commission meetings held January 23, 2013, and based 
upon the representations of the Beneficiary made orally and in writing and as agreed to 
herein, the Commission, with the prior approval of the Governor of the Virgin Islands of 
the United States herein enters into this Benefits Certificate with the Beneficiary that if 
the Beneficiary complies with the conditions herein, the provisions of V.I. CODE ANN. 
tit. 29, §§ 701-726 as existing on the date of the Governor's approval, the Rules and 
Regulations of the Commission promulgated in accordance with 29 V.I.C. § 705(f) and 
all applicable laws and regulations of the Territory of the Virgin Islands of the United 
States and of the United States of America, then the Commission hereby grants the 
benefits stated in Appendices and Sub-Appendices A to C inclusive to commence and 
terminate as stated in each signed Appendix. 
IN WITNESS HEREWITH, the parties hereunto set their hands and seals on the 
dates noted below: 
Date:  2/ sly 
Bryan, Jr., Chairman 
Economic Development Commission 
Southern Trust 
many. Inc. 
Accep 
by: 
le rrrry 
Name and Title: Date 
Page 6 of 10 
EFTA00809209
--- PAGE 7 ---
konomk Deveopment Authotity 
1OIMI0S IE 01 OM I 011 i31,8184 
GOVERNMENT OF THE TERRITORY OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
OF THE UNITED STATES 
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT COMMISSION CERTIFICATE 
APPENDIX A: 
USVI INCOME, GROSS RECEIPT AND EXCISE TAXES 
NAME: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
PHYSICAL AND MAILING ADDRESS: 6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B-3, St. 
Thomas, U.S. Vitt' 
TELEPHONE: 
Fa) 
NATURE AND EXTENT OF BENEFITS: 
USVI Income Taxes: 90% percent exemption 
USVI Gross Receipt Taxes: 100% percent exemption 
USVI Excise Taxes (Raw Materials): 100% exemption from excise taxes (except 
gasoline taxes) on raw materials and component parts used by the Beneficiary in its 
production process. 
USVI Excise Taxes (Equipment, Machinery): 100% exemption from excise taxes on 
building materials, tools, pipes, conveyor belt, or other appliances, material, and supplies 
necessary for use in the construction, alteration, reconstruction or extension of the 
physical plant or facilities of the Beneficiary. 
In the case of hotels, the excise tax exemption shall not apply to original or replacement furnishing. 
"Furnishings" means furniture and fixtures (5713-4(b)) 
COMMENCEMENT DATES OF BENEFITS: 
USVI Income Taxes: February 1, 2013 
USVI Gross Receipt Taxes: February 1, 2013 
USVI Excise Taxes (Raw Materials): Not Applicable 
USVI Excise Taxes (Equipment, Machinery): February 1, 2013 
TERMINATION DATES OF BENEFITS: 
USVI Income Taxes: January 31, 2023 
USVI Gross Receipt Taxes: January 31, 2023 
USVI Excise Taxes (Raw Materials): Not Applicable 
USVI Excise Taxes (Equipment, Machinery): January 31, 2023 
AUTHORITY FOR BENEFITS: 
V.I.C. §§ 713b, 713a(a)(2), 713a(a)(3); 
V.I.C. § 43d 
Chief Executive Officer, EDA: 
Page 7 of 10 
—fiate: Mr/ 
EFTA00809210
--- PAGE 8 ---
4. 4,4
J
EtO.OTif Developmtnt Authority 
.0111,01I0A 014 I 49,7 "I S. 
GOVERNMENT OF THE TERRITORY OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
OF THE UNITED STATES 
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT COMMISSION CERTIFICATE 
APPENDIX Al: 
USVI WITHHOLDING TAX ON DIVIDENDS AND INTEREST 
NAME: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
PHYSICAL AND MAILING ADDRESS: 6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B-3, St. 
Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
TELEPHONE 
Fax: 
NATURE AND EXTENT OF BENEFITS: 
Dividend Withholding Tax Exemption in accordance with 29 V,I.C. § 7I3d 
Interest Withholding Tax Exemption in accordance with 29 V.I.C. § 7I3d 
Member 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
caned 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
100% 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
COMMENCEMENT DATE OF BENEFITS: 
Dividend Withholding Tax Exemption: February 1, 2013 
Interest Withholding Tax Exemption: February 1, 2013 
TERMINATION DATE OF BENEFITS: 
Dividend Withholding Tax Exemption: January 31, 2023 
Interest Withholding Tax Exemption: January 31, 2023 
AUTHORITY FOR BENEFITS: 29 V.I.C. § 713d 
Chief Executive Officer, EDA: 
Page 8 of 10 
Date:  eP-)-ri I "")-
EFTA00809211
--- PAGE 9 ---
ItonornIE Onrlopenent Authoelly 
MNM USIIEDIAR4 I ell 4524784 
GOVERNMENT OF THE TERRITORY OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
OF THE UNITED STATES 
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT COMMISSION CERTIFICATE 
APPENDIX B: 
USVI REAL PROPERTY TAXES 
NAME: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
PHYSICAL AND MAILING ADDRESS: 6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B-3, St. 
Thomas, U.S. Vir in Islands 00802 
TELEPHONE 
Fax: 
NATURE AND EXTENT OF BENEFITS: 
Real Property Taxes: 100% exemption of taxes on real property used for the business of 
operating a designated service business. 
PARCEL(S) EXEMPTED: 
COMMENCEMENT DATE OF BENEFITS: 
Real Property Tax Exemption Starts: Not Applicable 
TERMINATION DATE OF BENEFITS: 
Real Property Tax Exemption Terminates: Not Applicable 
AUTHORITY FOR BENEFITS: 29 V.I.C. § 713a(a)(1) 
Chief Executive Officer, EDA: 
Date: 49-i-ON 
Page 9 of 10 
EFTA00809212
--- PAGE 10 ---
Economic Development Authodty 
WWMUSIIEOLOIN IEU 432.IRE4 
GOVERNMENT OF THE TERRITORY OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
OF THE UNITED STATES 
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT COMMISSION CERTIFICATE 
APPENDIX C: 
CUSTOMS DUTIES 
NAME: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
PHYSICAL AND MAILING ADDRESS: 6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B-3, St. 
Thomas, U.S. Vir n Islands 008 
TELEPHONE: 
Fax: 
NATURE AND EXTENT OF BENEFITS: 
V.I. Customs Duties to be assessed on raw materials and component parts brought into 
the USVI by the Beneficiary for the purpose of producing, creating, or assembling an 
article, good or commodity as a result of industrial or manufacturing processing such raw 
materials or components parts shall be imported into the United States Virgin Islands at a 
customs duty rate of one percent (1%). 
COMMENCEMENT DATE OF BENEFITS: 
Customs Duties Reduction Begins: Not Applicable 
TERMINATION DATE OF BENEFITS: 
Customs Duties Reduction Terminates Not Applicable 
AUTHORITY FOR BENEFITS: 29 V.I.C. § 713c 
Chief Executive Officer, EDA: 
Page 10 of 10 
rate: e'r2")-11/4—
EFTA00809213

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809214.pdf
----------------------------------------
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Fixed Asset Ledger 
2013-2016 
General Ledger Account 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
STC Assets 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
08/18/2015 1483 Reelco Services. Inc 
50% Deposit for the removal & replacement of NC Unit 
5.796 
15100 Leasehold Improvements 
08/31/2015 1487 Reeloo Services. Inc 
nee 109275: Balance due on the removal 8 replacement of A/C Unit plus Thermostat 
5.805 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
08/31/2015 1471 Roan Hodge 
mobs N 001,Remove 8 Replace Ceiling tiles; Remove & Replace Sheetrock 
3.850 
15100 Leasehold Improvements 
09/08/2015 1474 Roan Hodge 
nvoice t 001- A: Install Foam. Close off window and replace ceiling ties an. . 
1.495 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
09/08/2015 1474 Roan Hodge 
nvoice t 003- A: Remove and replace ceiling 8 light fixtures in Kitchen 
nvoice a 003 -8: Remove and replace ceiling tile in office hallway with painted 117 sheet 
1.410 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
09/08/2015 1474 Roan Hodge 
ock 
1.750 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
09/08/2015 1474 Roan Hodge 
nvoice a 004 - Paint office 
750 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
10/27/2016 CC 
The Floor Factory 
New Rug for STC Mice 
8144 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
12/07/2018 1667 First Resort Painting 
% Deposit on Painting of SIC Office 
3.988 
30.987 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
08/27/2013 CC 
Silk Greenery Home 
Desk for Fish Tank 
823 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
03/06/2013 1002 Liston Network Systems 
Invoice SI 30:Lenovo Laptop 
1,499 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
03/06/2013 1004 Executive Office Equipment 
Inv.* 10334: Printer 
1.698 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
09/11/2013 1085 Caribbean Computer Consortium 
(2) Replacement Drivers for Server 
510 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
09/11/2013 1087 Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Invoice 1065: (2) Standby Drives for Server 
650 
15200 Furniture & Equipment 
09/17/2013 1092 Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Invoice a 1060: New Server License 
1.210 
15200 Furniture & Equipment 
12/17/2013 1115 Canbbean Computer Consortium 
Invoice 11087: New Loney* Think Pad 
1/385 
15200 • Furniture 8 Equipment 
02125/2015 CC 
Silk Greenery Home 
Serta Chair 
544 
8.599 
15206 • ISP equipment 
03/07/2014 wire 
Terrance Rabsatt clib/a I Am 
Intel deposit on purchase on ISP equipment Inital quote 256472 45 
130,000 
15206 • ISP equipment 
09/15/2014 1291 Terrance Rebuilt 
Payment toward ISP equipment 
2.400 
15206 • ISP equipment 
10/24/2014 wire 
Terrance Rabsatt d/b/a I Am 
25% payment towards imfi & isp & lower 
68000 
15206 • ISP equipment 
01/23/2015 wire 
Terrance Rabsatt db/a I Am 
Final Pay on ISP equipment and Tower 
91,120 
Total 15208 ISP equipment 
288.520 
15250 • Office Equipment 
15250 . Office Equipment 
02/04/2014 1135 Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Invoice a 01172014-001 • Scanner 
1.250 
15250 • Office Equipment 
04/15/2014 1182 Executive Office Equipment 
Inval 10469: Multi Function Printer 
838 
15250 • Office Equipment 
05/07/2014 1203 Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Invoice 1137 - Scanner 
1.250 
15250 • Office Equipment 
05/29/2014 1218 Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Invoice I 11140 - Scanner 
1,250 
15250 • Office Equipment 
07/01/2014 1250 Executive Office Equipment 
Inv. I 10487 - Xerox Printer 
849 
15250 • Office Equipment 
10/01/2014 1308 tan Abraham 
50% Deceit for 20 surge protector devices for all the Offices 
950 
15250 • Office Equipment 
10/01/2014 1308 Ian Abraham 
Install Surge Protector to regualate the electricity in whole office and replace two ballast 
1.350 
15250 Office Equipment 
01/28/2015 1373 tan Abraham 
Balance due for 20 surge protector devices for all the Offices 
950 
01/27/2015 1371 Wire It Enterprises. LLC 
Electronic equipmnet 
25.000 
15250 Office Equipment 
11/18/2015 depos Wire It Enterprises. LLC 
Partial Refund 
(12.500) 
15250 • Office Equipment 
01/08/2018 depos Wire It Enterprises. LLC 
Final refund 
(12.500) 
15251 • Server 
01/27/2015 1372 Liston Network Systems 
Deposit against Servier 
9.000 
15251 • Server 
03/03/2015 1398 Liston Network Systems 
Invoice a 21311-Balance Due on New Server 
9,351 
15251 • Server 
00/03/2015 1398 Liston Network Systems 
Invoice/ 21313: Universal Rack for New Server 
1,408 
Invoice N 1150: Smart UPS Power Back up Unit. Extended Battery Pack Unit & 4 Porl 
15251 • Server 
03/03/2015 1398 Liston Network Systems 
Monitor. Keybo... 
1.090 
15252 • Software 
01/08/2014 Wore 
novamente LLC 
Wire to dsuntrust bank 1000011778460 Artificial integgence data anaytis software 
68000 
15252 Software 
04/112015 wire novamente LLC 
30.000 
119.338 
15400- Vehicles 
07/18/2014 wire 
Caribbean Auto Mart 
Deposit on Denali 
25.000 
15400 • Vehicles 
01/15/2015 wire 
Caribbean Auto Man 
Caribbean Auto Mari final balance on Denali Invoice 7114 
52.412 
77.412 
Total 
S. 
524,854 
EFTA00809214

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809215.pdf
----------------------------------------
Desk 
All Page 
- 
NY Office 
Daphne 
(SJ 
IT Office 
Darren 
Jermaine 
Office 
Darren Cell 
Line 6 
Rich 
Line S 
Line 4 
Line 3 
Danny 
Line 2 
Carlos 
Line 1 
■ 
EFTA00809215

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809216.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 22, 2018 
Sandra Bess 
Compliance Officer 
Economic Development Authority 
8000 Nisky Shopping Center, Suite 620 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Re: Compliance Review 
Ms. Bess: 
This is in response to your letter of August 20, 2018 requesting information from Southern Trust 
Company, Inc.'s (STC) compliance with its certificate of tax incentives. You specifically requested 
the following: 
1. 2013 - 2016 Fixed Asset Schedule — see attached 
2. Name of employee(s) participating or who participated in the management training 
program: 
• Daphne Wallace 
3. Name of employee(s) who received tuition reimbursement, employee training, and 
professional training: 
• Jeanne Brennan 
• Cecile de Jongh 
• Lucas Pascal 
• Una Pascal 
• Ann Rodriguez 
• Daphne Wallace 
• Sophia Mwaura 
4. Name of employee(s) given time off to participate in and represent the Virgin Islands at 
athletic and sporting events: 
• No employee of STC requested or required such time off. 
I hope that this information meets with your satisfaction and, if you should have any questions, 
please do not hesitate to contact me at 340-775-2525. 
Sincerely, 
Cecile R. de Jongh 
Manager 
EFTA00809216

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809217.pdf
----------------------------------------
St. Thomas Rescue 
PO Box 301934 
St. Thomas, VI 00803 
November 20, 2017 
Cecile de Jongh 
Southern Trust Company, Inc 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Ms. de Jongh (Cecile), 
Thank you for the opportunity to share your generous donation with members of our rescue squad. It Is 
always encouraging that members of our greater community reach out to support St. Thomas Rescue 
and other First Responders. 
Despite significant losses to our squad, professionally and personally, we continue our work throughout 
the island. Your gift will positively impact the squad's ability to respond as they will be ready to do so by 
leaving their homes in a better position. 
As we move forward in this recovery, please let us know of opportunities that we can expand our service 
footprint on St. Thomas. 
Best 
to 
as 
Cap 
St. Thomas Rescue 
EFTA00809217

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809218.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00809218
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00809219
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00809220
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00809221
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00809222
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00809223
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00809224
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00809225
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00809226
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00809227
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00809228
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00809229
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00809230
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00809231
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00809232
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00809233
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00809234
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00809235
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00809236
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00809237
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00809238
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00809239
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA00809240
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00809241
--- PAGE 25 ---
EFTA00809242
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA00809243
--- PAGE 27 ---
EFTA00809244
--- PAGE 28 ---
EFTA00809245
--- PAGE 29 ---
EFTA00809246
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00809247
--- PAGE 31 ---
EFTA00809248
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00809249
--- PAGE 33 ---
EFTA00809250
--- PAGE 34 ---
EFTA00809251
--- PAGE 35 ---
EFTA00809252
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00809253
--- PAGE 37 ---
EFTA00809254
--- PAGE 38 ---
EFTA00809255
--- PAGE 39 ---
EFTA00809256
--- PAGE 40 ---
EFTA00809257
--- PAGE 41 ---
EFTA00809258
--- PAGE 42 ---
EFTA00809259
--- PAGE 43 ---
EFTA00809260
--- PAGE 44 ---
EFTA00809261
--- PAGE 45 ---
EFTA00809262
--- PAGE 46 ---
EFTA00809263
--- PAGE 47 ---
EFTA00809264
--- PAGE 48 ---
EFTA00809265
--- PAGE 49 ---
EFTA00809266
--- PAGE 50 ---
EFTA00809267
--- PAGE 51 ---
EFTA00809268
--- PAGE 52 ---
EFTA00809269
--- PAGE 53 ---
EFTA00809270
--- PAGE 54 ---
EFTA00809271
--- PAGE 55 ---
EFTA00809272
--- PAGE 56 ---
EFTA00809273
--- PAGE 57 ---
EFTA00809274
--- PAGE 58 ---
EFTA00809275
--- PAGE 59 ---
EFTA00809276
--- PAGE 60 ---
EFTA00809277
--- PAGE 61 ---
EFTA00809278
--- PAGE 62 ---
EFTA00809279
--- PAGE 63 ---
EFTA00809280
--- PAGE 64 ---
EFTA00809281
--- PAGE 65 ---
EFTA00809282
--- PAGE 66 ---
EFTA00809283
--- PAGE 67 ---
EFTA00809284
--- PAGE 68 ---
EFTA00809285
--- PAGE 69 ---
EFTA00809286
--- PAGE 70 ---
EFTA00809287
--- PAGE 71 ---
EFTA00809288
--- PAGE 72 ---
EFTA00809289
--- PAGE 73 ---
EFTA00809290
--- PAGE 74 ---
EFTA00809291
--- PAGE 75 ---
EFTA00809292
--- PAGE 76 ---
EFTA00809293
--- PAGE 77 ---
EFTA00809294
--- PAGE 78 ---
EFTA00809295
--- PAGE 79 ---
EFTA00809296
--- PAGE 80 ---
EFTA00809297
--- PAGE 81 ---
EFTA00809298
--- PAGE 82 ---
EFTA00809299
--- PAGE 83 ---
EFTA00809300
--- PAGE 84 ---
EFTA00809301
--- PAGE 85 ---
EFTA00809302
--- PAGE 86 ---
EFTA00809303
--- PAGE 87 ---
EFTA00809304
--- PAGE 88 ---
EFTA00809305
--- PAGE 89 ---
EFTA00809306
--- PAGE 90 ---
EFTA00809307
--- PAGE 91 ---
EFTA00809308
--- PAGE 92 ---
EFTA00809309
--- PAGE 93 ---
EFTA00809310
--- PAGE 94 ---
EFTA00809311
--- PAGE 95 ---
EFTA00809312
--- PAGE 96 ---
EFTA00809313
--- PAGE 97 ---
EFTA00809314
--- PAGE 98 ---
EFTA00809315
--- PAGE 99 ---
EFTA00809316
--- PAGE 100 ---
EFTA00809317
--- PAGE 101 ---
EFTA00809318
--- PAGE 102 ---
EFTA00809319
--- PAGE 103 ---
EFTA00809320
--- PAGE 104 ---
EFTA00809321
--- PAGE 105 ---
EFTA00809322
--- PAGE 106 ---
EFTA00809323
--- PAGE 107 ---
EFTA00809324
--- PAGE 108 ---
EFTA00809325
--- PAGE 109 ---
EFTA00809326
--- PAGE 110 ---
EFTA00809327
--- PAGE 111 ---
EFTA00809328
--- PAGE 112 ---
EFTA00809329
--- PAGE 113 ---
EFTA00809330
--- PAGE 114 ---
EFTA00809331
--- PAGE 115 ---
EFTA00809332
--- PAGE 116 ---
EFTA00809333
--- PAGE 117 ---
EFTA00809334
--- PAGE 118 ---
EFTA00809335
--- PAGE 119 ---
EFTA00809336
--- PAGE 120 ---
EFTA00809337
--- PAGE 121 ---
EFTA00809338
--- PAGE 122 ---
EFTA00809339
--- PAGE 123 ---
EFTA00809340
--- PAGE 124 ---
EFTA00809341
--- PAGE 125 ---
EFTA00809342
--- PAGE 126 ---
EFTA00809343
--- PAGE 127 ---
EFTA00809344
--- PAGE 128 ---
EFTA00809345
--- PAGE 129 ---
EFTA00809346
--- PAGE 130 ---
EFTA00809347
--- PAGE 131 ---
EFTA00809348
--- PAGE 132 ---
EFTA00809349
--- PAGE 133 ---
EFTA00809350
--- PAGE 134 ---
EFTA00809351
--- PAGE 135 ---
EFTA00809352
--- PAGE 136 ---
EFTA00809353
--- PAGE 137 ---
EFTA00809354
--- PAGE 138 ---
EFTA00809355
--- PAGE 139 ---
EFTA00809356
--- PAGE 140 ---
EFTA00809357
--- PAGE 141 ---
EFTA00809358
--- PAGE 142 ---
EFTA00809359
--- PAGE 143 ---
EFTA00809360
--- PAGE 144 ---
EFTA00809361
--- PAGE 145 ---
EFTA00809362
--- PAGE 146 ---
EFTA00809363
--- PAGE 147 ---
EFTA00809364
--- PAGE 148 ---
EFTA00809365
--- PAGE 149 ---
EFTA00809366
--- PAGE 150 ---
EFTA00809367
--- PAGE 151 ---
EFTA00809368
--- PAGE 152 ---
EFTA00809369
--- PAGE 153 ---
EFTA00809370
--- PAGE 154 ---
EFTA00809371
--- PAGE 155 ---
EFTA00809372
--- PAGE 156 ---
EFTA00809373
--- PAGE 157 ---
EFTA00809374
--- PAGE 158 ---
PC B Owner Kane 
Str I/ 
Str Nana 
Taxable 
50-43-44-26-01-000-2010-001 MARZOCCA THERESA 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
69,768 
50-43-44-26-01-000-2020-001 SAPKO JOSEPH R & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
168,384 
50-43-44-26-01-000-2030-001 JEAN JOSEPH F 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
55,503 
50-43-44-26-01-000-2040-001 YOHANNA NARK & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
273,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-2050-001 NATALE ROSE V TR 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
303,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-2060-001 PARSHALL ANN GRAY V ESTATE 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
303,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-2070-001 SMITH MARGARET A 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
103,646 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-2080-001 JORDAN CHARLES D å MARY B 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
283,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-2090-001 STEGGEMAN KAREN J 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
303,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-2100-001 CARPENTER STEPHANIE C 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
303,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-2110-001 MUELLER GERFRIED å 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
399,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-2120-001 DOTOLI FRANKLIN 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
399,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3010-001 NOLAN ROSEMARY 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
302,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3020-001 GRAY JAMES H & KAREN 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
302,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3030-001 KAMMER JOHN J JR å 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
278,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3040-001 OLIYERI FELADELFIO & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
278,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3050-001 POLROP H F A 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
308,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3060-001 JACKSON WILLIAM 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
308,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3070-001 FISHER OENAIR 0 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
288,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3080-001 NITROFANES CHRIS å 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
288,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3090-001 KAMMER JOHN J & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
70,735 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3100-001 RITO LUCIANO & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
308,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3110-001 FITZGERALD WILLIAM B å 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
409,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-3120-001 COX THERESE A & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
409,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-4010-001 FILEPPIOES NARY 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
312,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-4020-001 &ABELE 'RIDE M & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
312,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-4030-001 KASEN:CS PHILIP å ALEXANDRA 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
283,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-4040-001 NATZEKIREAKOS PAUL & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
283,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-4050-001 COLLINS BARBARA 0 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
119,861 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-4060-001 GAYRAS MANUEL & IRENE 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
313,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-4070-001 AGELOPOULOS THE000ROS å 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
293,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-4080-001 SILLARI TONY J 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
293,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-4090-001 FILEPPIOIS MARY 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
313,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-4100-001 OSHEA EDWARD 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
313,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-4110-001 TANNER ANDREW S å 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
419,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-4120-001 COLAVITA ANTHONY J & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
419,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5010-001 GROTSCHEL FRANK W & DOROTHY 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
322,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5020-001 KLEWICKI GAIL & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
322,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5030-001 BRUTSCHIN HELNUT 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
199,540 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5040-001 PAOLELLA GERALOYNE N 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
288,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5050-001 MCCAIN CHARLES F å 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
318,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5060-001 PALEKROUSIS ELEFTERIDS & GRIST 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
318,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5070-001 GEORGHIOU HELEN 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
298,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5080-001 STRATT STEVEN L å 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
298,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5090-001 FATTORUSSO HELEN 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
318,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5100-001 MEXISSEN JEAN M å 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
90,128 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5110-001 SACCOMUI RODOLFD H 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
172,327 
50-43-44-26-01-000-5120-001 DAMBROS10 ANTHONY & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
429,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-6010-001 KARPINSKY PHILLIP 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
307,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-6020-001 BURTON DOUGLAS & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
128,831 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-6030-001 SAEGH ROBERT E & 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
293,000 
SO-43-44-26-01-000-6040-001 BRIERLEY ANDREW 0 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
293,000 
50-43-44-26-01-000-6050-001 MCCONNELL TRUDY 
3.230 
OCEAN 
BLY 
73,634 
EFTA00809375
--- PAGE 159 ---
EFTA00809376
--- PAGE 160 ---
EFTA00809377
--- PAGE 161 ---
EFTA00809378
--- PAGE 162 ---
EFTA00809379
--- PAGE 163 ---
EFTA00809380
--- PAGE 164 ---
EFTA00809381
--- PAGE 165 ---
EFTA00809382
--- PAGE 166 ---
EFTA00809383
--- PAGE 167 ---
EFTA00809384
--- PAGE 168 ---
EFTA00809385
--- PAGE 169 ---
EFTA00809386
--- PAGE 170 ---
EFTA00809387
--- PAGE 171 ---
EFTA00809388
--- PAGE 172 ---
EFTA00809389
--- PAGE 173 ---
EFTA00809390
--- PAGE 174 ---
EFTA00809391
--- PAGE 175 ---
EFTA00809392
--- PAGE 176 ---
EFTA00809393
--- PAGE 177 ---
EFTA00809394
--- PAGE 178 ---
EFTA00809395
--- PAGE 179 ---
EFTA00809396
--- PAGE 180 ---
EFTA00809397
--- PAGE 181 ---
EFTA00809398
--- PAGE 182 ---
EFTA00809399
--- PAGE 183 ---
EFTA00809400
--- PAGE 184 ---
EFTA00809401
--- PAGE 185 ---
EFTA00809402
--- PAGE 186 ---
EFTA00809403

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809404.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00809404
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00809405
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00809406
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00809407
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00809408
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00809409
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00809410
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00809411
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00809412
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00809413
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00809414
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00809415
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00809416
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00809417
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00809418
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00809419
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00809420
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00809421
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00809422
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00809423
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00809424
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00809425
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA00809426
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00809427
--- PAGE 25 ---
EFTA00809428
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA00809429
--- PAGE 27 ---
EFTA00809430
--- PAGE 28 ---
EFTA00809431
--- PAGE 29 ---
EFTA00809432
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00809433
--- PAGE 31 ---
EFTA00809434
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00809435
--- PAGE 33 ---
EFTA00809436
--- PAGE 34 ---
EFTA00809437
--- PAGE 35 ---
EFTA00809438
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00809439
--- PAGE 37 ---
EFTA00809440
--- PAGE 38 ---
EFTA00809441
--- PAGE 39 ---
EFTA00809442
--- PAGE 40 ---
EFTA00809443
--- PAGE 41 ---
EFTA00809444
--- PAGE 42 ---
EFTA00809445
--- PAGE 43 ---
EFTA00809446
--- PAGE 44 ---
EFTA00809447
--- PAGE 45 ---
EFTA00809448
--- PAGE 46 ---
EFTA00809449
--- PAGE 47 ---
EFTA00809450
--- PAGE 48 ---
EFTA00809451
--- PAGE 49 ---
EFTA00809452
--- PAGE 50 ---
EFTA00809453
--- PAGE 51 ---
EFTA00809454
--- PAGE 52 ---
EFTA00809455
--- PAGE 53 ---
EFTA00809456
--- PAGE 54 ---
EFTA00809457
--- PAGE 55 ---
EFTA00809458
--- PAGE 56 ---
EFTA00809459
--- PAGE 57 ---
EFTA00809460
--- PAGE 58 ---
EFTA00809461
--- PAGE 59 ---
EFTA00809462
--- PAGE 60 ---
EFTA00809463
--- PAGE 61 ---
EFTA00809464
--- PAGE 62 ---
EFTA00809465
--- PAGE 63 ---
EFTA00809466
--- PAGE 64 ---
EFTA00809467
--- PAGE 65 ---
EFTA00809468
--- PAGE 66 ---
EFTA00809469
--- PAGE 67 ---
EFTA00809470
--- PAGE 68 ---
EFTA00809471
--- PAGE 69 ---
EFTA00809472
--- PAGE 70 ---
EFTA00809473
--- PAGE 71 ---
EFTA00809474
--- PAGE 72 ---
EFTA00809475
--- PAGE 73 ---
EFTA00809476
--- PAGE 74 ---
EFTA00809477
--- PAGE 75 ---
EFTA00809478
--- PAGE 76 ---
EFTA00809479
--- PAGE 77 ---
EFTA00809480
--- PAGE 78 ---
EFTA00809481
--- PAGE 79 ---
EFTA00809482
--- PAGE 80 ---
EFTA00809483
--- PAGE 81 ---
EFTA00809484
--- PAGE 82 ---
EFTA00809485
--- PAGE 83 ---
EFTA00809486
--- PAGE 84 ---
EFTA00809487
--- PAGE 85 ---
EFTA00809488
--- PAGE 86 ---
EFTA00809489
--- PAGE 87 ---
EFTA00809490
--- PAGE 88 ---
EFTA00809491
--- PAGE 89 ---
EFTA00809492
--- PAGE 90 ---
EFTA00809493
--- PAGE 91 ---
EFTA00809494
--- PAGE 92 ---
EFTA00809495
--- PAGE 93 ---
EFTA00809496
--- PAGE 94 ---
EFTA00809497
--- PAGE 95 ---
50-43-43-27-06-000-0391-001 EPSTEIN JEFFREY 
358 
EL 8RILLO 
MAY 
7,879,655 
7,879,655 
7,879,655 
EFTA00809498
--- PAGE 96 ---
EFTA00809499
--- PAGE 97 ---
EFTA00809500
--- PAGE 98 ---
EFTA00809501
--- PAGE 99 ---
EFTA00809502
--- PAGE 100 ---
EFTA00809503
--- PAGE 101 ---
EFTA00809504
--- PAGE 102 ---
EFTA00809505
--- PAGE 103 ---
EFTA00809506
--- PAGE 104 ---
EFTA00809507
--- PAGE 105 ---
EFTA00809508
--- PAGE 106 ---
EFTA00809509
--- PAGE 107 ---
EFTA00809510
--- PAGE 108 ---
EFTA00809511
--- PAGE 109 ---
EFTA00809512
--- PAGE 110 ---
EFTA00809513
--- PAGE 111 ---
EFTA00809514
--- PAGE 112 ---
EFTA00809515
--- PAGE 113 ---
EFTA00809516
--- PAGE 114 ---
EFTA00809517
--- PAGE 115 ---
EFTA00809518
--- PAGE 116 ---
EFTA00809519
--- PAGE 117 ---
EFTA00809520
--- PAGE 118 ---
EFTA00809521
--- PAGE 119 ---
EFTA00809522
--- PAGE 120 ---
EFTA00809523
--- PAGE 121 ---
EFTA00809524
--- PAGE 122 ---
EFTA00809525
--- PAGE 123 ---
EFTA00809526
--- PAGE 124 ---
EFTA00809527
--- PAGE 125 ---
EFTA00809528
--- PAGE 126 ---
EFTA00809529
--- PAGE 127 ---
EFTA00809530
--- PAGE 128 ---
EFTA00809531
--- PAGE 129 ---
EFTA00809532
--- PAGE 130 ---
EFTA00809533
--- PAGE 131 ---
EFTA00809534
--- PAGE 132 ---
EFTA00809535
--- PAGE 133 ---
EFTA00809536
--- PAGE 134 ---
EFTA00809537
--- PAGE 135 ---
EFTA00809538
--- PAGE 136 ---
EFTA00809539
--- PAGE 137 ---
EFTA00809540
--- PAGE 138 ---
EFTA00809541
--- PAGE 139 ---
EFTA00809542
--- PAGE 140 ---
EFTA00809543
--- PAGE 141 ---
EFTA00809544
--- PAGE 142 ---
EFTA00809545
--- PAGE 143 ---
EFTA00809546
--- PAGE 144 ---
EFTA00809547
--- PAGE 145 ---
EFTA00809548
--- PAGE 146 ---
EFTA00809549
--- PAGE 147 ---
EFTA00809550
--- PAGE 148 ---
EFTA00809551
--- PAGE 149 ---
EFTA00809552
--- PAGE 150 ---
EFTA00809553
--- PAGE 151 ---
EFTA00809554
--- PAGE 152 ---
EFTA00809555
--- PAGE 153 ---
EFTA00809556
--- PAGE 154 ---
EFTA00809557
--- PAGE 155 ---
EFTA00809558
--- PAGE 156 ---
EFTA00809559
--- PAGE 157 ---
EFTA00809560
--- PAGE 158 ---
EFTA00809561
--- PAGE 159 ---
EFTA00809562
--- PAGE 160 ---
EFTA00809563
--- PAGE 161 ---
EFTA00809564
--- PAGE 162 ---
EFTA00809565
--- PAGE 163 ---
EFTA00809566
--- PAGE 164 ---
EFTA00809567
--- PAGE 165 ---
EFTA00809568
--- PAGE 166 ---
EFTA00809569
--- PAGE 167 ---
EFTA00809570
--- PAGE 168 ---
EFTA00809571
--- PAGE 169 ---
EFTA00809572
--- PAGE 170 ---
EFTA00809573
--- PAGE 171 ---
EFTA00809574
--- PAGE 172 ---
EFTA00809575
--- PAGE 173 ---
EFTA00809576
--- PAGE 174 ---
EFTA00809577
--- PAGE 175 ---
EFTA00809578
--- PAGE 176 ---
EFTA00809579
--- PAGE 177 ---
EFTA00809580
--- PAGE 178 ---
EFTA00809581
--- PAGE 179 ---
EFTA00809582
--- PAGE 180 ---
EFTA00809583
--- PAGE 181 ---
EFTA00809584
--- PAGE 182 ---
EFTA00809585
--- PAGE 183 ---
EFTA00809586
--- PAGE 184 ---
EFTA00809587
--- PAGE 185 ---
EFTA00809588
--- PAGE 186 ---
EFTA00809589
--- PAGE 187 ---
EFTA00809590
--- PAGE 188 ---
EFTA00809591
--- PAGE 189 ---
EFTA00809592
--- PAGE 190 ---
EFTA00809593

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809594.pdf
----------------------------------------
thepcarik LAND 
FACILITIES 
A A
Billing: 
Ann Rodriquez 
LSJF, LI.0 
5100 Red Hook Quaters.B3 
St Thomas. Virgin Islands. 00802 
Highland ProductsGroup. LLC 
21O Congress Park Drive. Suite 215 
lkiray 
Phone : 
Email 
Shipping 
Ann Rodrigues 
Quote Ptoposal 
LS)E. LLC. -St. Thomas do Tropical Shippinpare of Proposal 
9505 NW 108th Ave 
Proproal valid until 
Medley. Florida. $7178 
T: 
Q10.42873 
Mar 18. 2019 
Apr 15.2019 (29days) 
Sales Rep 
Terry °Neill 
Customer Accounts 
122610 
THANK YOU FOR CHOOSING HIGHLAND PRODUCTS GROUP! 
SALES QUOTE TOTAL: 
$41750.00 
THIS (MOTE COMES WITH A BEST PRICE GUARANTEE 
IF YOU FIND A LOWER QUOTE FOR THIS PRODUCT. WE WILL NOT ONLY MATCH IT BUT BEAT fT! 
TERMS & CONDITIONS 
Shipping: All merchandise it sold F.O.B. Deliveries are made dung normal business hours. Sam 4pm Monday • Friday. 
Standard *hipping Charges are for Tailgate cleanly to any commercial location one commercial truth route: the truck driver is under no obligation to help you unload. 
II you Are unable to accept a shipment via this method you must purchase additional Seri/Weil. 
Additional Services: Residential Delivery. Limited Access Delivay. Litigate Service. Inside Delivery. Construction Site Delivery. Notify Before Delivery. 
Service Discrepancies: If there is a discrepancy an the services requested and the minimum services required to deliver the product. Highland reserves the right to charge the 
costumer for any necessary additional services provided at the tame of delivery. 
Inspection of Shipments: II is the customer responsibility to verify the delivery ts for the correct product. count the number of pieces being delivered. and inspect for damages 
PRIOR to signing the delivery receipt provided by the driver. All claims MUST be recorded on the delivery receipt and reported within 48 hour. of delivery. 
Highland Product does NOT GUARANTEE replacement pare or product FREE of charge due to concealed or unreported damages 
Assembly May Be Required. Many of our produce are shipped unassembled in order to MUUMUU damage and lower freight charges. 
CANCELLATIONS: All cancellations must be done an writing prior to shipping. Made-to-Order items already in production may not be cancelled. 
RETURNS:: 
We will accept returns of unused products up to RI days from shipping date subject to ALL of the following terms and conditions: 
Written approval : and instructions must tar issued by our Customer Service Department before any merchandise ran be returned. 
Shipping Returns: All merchandise must be returned in its original packaging. freight Prepaid. No Collect shipment. are accepted. 
Re-stocking d Snipping Fees: The customer is responsible for a minimum 25% re-stocking fee and all related shipping charges on product returned for reasons other than 
d.untsce o &lea. Original shipping charges w ill not be refunded. 
WeBOrders: For online orders. FWD is not responsible if the cuiromer ceders incorrect product or colors. All return and restock feet apply. 
Made-to-Order or PersonalIzed A<ms aria ItOi returnable unless a defect in manufacturing is presented tom with pictures price to return. 
NOS. 
'Unless Menials* noted Shipping Charges include standard delivery only. 
litigate se vice, nobly before &elven available at adOlhonal cost 
To accept this proposal please sign here 
Credit card holder name 
Card No. 
CVV2 code 
Expiry Date 
Card Billing Address 
City 
Stale 
Zip 
Customer agrees to inspect all deliveries for damage and correct quantities and to note any descrepencies on freight bill and report them to Highland within 48 Hour. of recicpt of 
goods or forfeit any right to freight damage claim or shortages. 
EFTA00809594
--- PAGE 2 ---
thep AAril! 03, 
\LAND 
FACILITIES 
C
Highland Products Group. LLC 
Congress Park Drive. Suite 215 
Iray 
Phone : 
Email 
Billing: 
Ann Rodriquez 
LSJE LLC 
6100 Red Hook Qvaters.B3 
SI Thomas. Virgin Islands, 00802 
Shipping: 
Ann Rodriquez 
Quote Proposal 
IS)E. LLC. -St. Thomas cio Tropical Shippinpate of Proposal 
9505 NW 108th Ave 
Proposal valid until 
Medley. Florida. 1.1173 
Sales Rep 
T: 
Customer Accounts 
Q10.42873 
Mar M. 2019 
Apr 15.2019 (29days) 
Terry °Neill 
122[510 
Product Image 
Product Name 
51W 
QTY 
Unit Nice 
Unit Discount 
Extended Unit Price 
Extended Line Subtotal 
%Lx30Wx30H Rectangular Concrete 
Planter.. 
Finish and Color Combo 
DB Finish-Sand Tan 
Sayk 
With Drain Mrs 
154-ii1S-1807025 
2,4;04 S 
1.405.00 
$ 
405.00 
1000.00 
$ 
ESTIMATED LEAD TIME IS 0 WEEKS. CUSTOMER WILL BE 
RESPONSIBLE MD OFF LOAD TRUCK 
FREKafT IS FOR 2 FULL TRUCKS. 
THIS QUOTE COMES WITH A BEST PRICE. GUARANTEE. 
Product Total 
Product Discount(s) 
Quote Subtotal 
Shipping 
Sales Tax 
TOTAL 
25.000.00 
35.125.00 
10.125.00 
25.000.00 
15.000.00 
1,750.00 
41,730.00 
EFTA00809595

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809596.pdf
----------------------------------------
thepcaytk LAND 
FACILITIES 
A A
Billing: 
Highland Products Group. LLC 
223 Congress Park Drive. Suite 215 
Delray 
Phone: 
Email: 
Ann Rodriquez 
Shipping: 
Ann Rodriquez 
Quote Proposal 
Q10.42873 
LSJE LLC 
LS)E. LLC. -St. Thomas cio Tropical Shippinpate of Proposal 
Mar 18, 2019 
6100 Red Hook Qvaters.B3 
9505 NW 108th Ave 
Proposal valid until 
Ape 15.2019 (29days) 
SI Thomas. Virgin Islands. 00802 
Medley. Florida. 53178 
Sales Rep 
Terry °Neill 
T 
7: 
Customer Accounts 
122610 
THANK YOU FOR CHOOSING HIGHLAND PRODUCTS GROUP! 
SALES OUOTE TOTAL: 
$47521.44 
THIS QUOTE COMES WITH A BEST PRICE GUARANTEE 
IF YOU FIND A LOWER QUOTE FOR THIS PRODUCT. WE WILL NOT ONLY MATCH IT BUT BEAT R! 
TERMS I1 CONDITIONS 
Shipping: All merchandise is sold F.O.B. Deliveries are made during normal business hours. Nano 4pm Monday • Friday. 
Standard *hipping charges are for Tailgate delivery to any commercial location one commercial true* route:the truck driver is under no obligation to help you unload. 
II you: re unabk to accept a shipment via this method ivu must purchase additional services. 
Additional Services: Residential Delivery. Limited Access Delivery. Litigate Service. Inside Delivery. Construction Site Delivery. Notify Before Delivery. 
Service Discrepancies: If there is a discrepancy an the services requested and the minimum service, required to deliver the product. Highland reserves the right to charge the 
customer for any necemasy additional services provided at the time of delivery. 
Inspection of Shipments: II is the customer responsibility to verify the delivery is for the correct product. COMA the number of pieces being delivered. and inspect for damages 
PRIOR to signing the delivery receipt provided by the driver. All claims MUST be recorded on the delivery receipt and reported within 48 holm of delivery. 
Highland Products does NOT GUARANTEE replacement pats or product FREE of charge due to concealed or unreported damages 
Assembly May Be Required. Many ol our products are shipped unassembled in order to minimise damage and lower freight charges. 
CANCELLATIONS: All cancellations must be done an writing prior to shipping. Made-to-Order items already in production may not be cancelled. 
RETURNS:: 
We will accept returns of unused products up to 30 days from shipping date subject to ALL of the following lams and conditions: 
Written approval : and instructions must be issued by our Customer Service Department before any merchandise can be returned. 
Shipping Returns: All merchandise must be returned in its original packaging. freight Prepaid. No Collect shipments are accepted. 
Re-Stocking & Shipping Fees: The customer is responsible for a minimum 25% re-stocking fee and all related shipping charges on product returned for reasons other than 
damage or &led. Original shipping charges will not be refunded. 
Web-Orders: For online orders. FIPti is not responsible if the customer orders incorrect product or colors. All return and restock fees apply. 
Made-to-Order or Personalized items are not returnable unless a defect in manufacturing is presented tons with pictures prim to return. 
NO 
'Unless Otherwise noted ShIPPing Charges Include standard delIVOry only. 
URNS service, ntillty before delivery available at additional coal. 
To accept this proposal please sign here 
Credit card holder name 
Card Nis 
CVV2 code 
Expiry Date.
Card Billing Address 
City 
State 
Zip 
Customer agrees to inspect all deliveries for damage and correct quantities and to note any descrepencies on freight bill and report them to Highland within 48 Ilium of reciept of 
goods or forfeit any right to freight damage claim or shortages. 
EFTA00809596
--- PAGE 2 ---
thepark AND FACILITIES 
CA
T ALOG 
Billing: 
Ann Rodriquez 
LSJE LLC 
0100 Red Hook Qvaters.B3 
SI Thomas. Virgin Islands, 00802 
Highland Products Group. LLC 
Congress Park Drive. Suite 215 
Iklray 
Phone : 
Email 
Shipping 
Ann Rodriquez 
Quote Proposal 
LS)E. LLC. -St. Thomas cio Tropical Shippinpate or Proposal 
9505 NW 108th Ave 
Proposal valid until 
Medley. Florida. 53178 
Sales Rep 
T: 
Customer Account* 
Q10.42871 
Mar 18. 2019 
Apr 15.2019 (29days) 
Terry ONeill 
122810 
Product Image 
Product Name 
51W 
QTY 
Unit Price 
Unit Discount 
Extended Unit Prim 
Extended Line Subtotal 
96Lx30Wx30H Rectangular Concrete 
Planter.. 
154-1155-1807a25 
25000, S 
IA05.00 
$ 
405.00 
1000.00 
$ 
Finish and Calor Combo 
DB Finish-Sand Tan 
St* 
With Drain links 
PLANTERS ARE. MADE TO ORDER AND ARE NON RETURNABLE OR REFUNDABLE 
Special Product1S 
154-SPC-I5 
250:04 S 
255.00 
ADDMONAL COST FOR FLAMERS TO BE ALL WHITE CONCRETE. 
ESTIMATED LEAD TIME LS6 WEEKS. CUSTOMER WILL BE 
RESPONSIBLE TO OFF LOAD TRUCK. 
FREIGHT IS FOR 2 FULL TRUCKS. 
THIS QUOTE. COME' WITli A REST PRICE. GUARANTEE 
S 
12.75 
242.25 
25.000.00 
6.05025 
Product Total 
41,500.00 
Product Discount(s) 
10,443.75 
Quote Subtotal 
31,056.25 
Shipping 
15.000.00 
Sales Tax 
$ 
2.173.94 
TOTAL 
$ 
48.230.19 
EFTA00809597

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809598.pdf
----------------------------------------
Recent 
Transactions 
Account Details 
Recent Transactions 
Spend Snapshot 
boigge 
kira R rc Titsurasuz, 
?a• 
visa 
hatIA 
Pending Transactions (1) 
I 0 , w-tent.' 
JUN 27, 2017 2:07 PM 
CAREFIRST BLUECR 
re -rvd $1,751.53 
INSURANCE 
Authorization Date & Time: Jun 27, 2017 
2:07 PM 
Merchant: CAREFIRST BLUECR 
MCC Description: Insurance Sales And 
I Inripriniritina 
"eZCard" will be permanendy 
• 
I 
• 
EFTA00809598
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sono : 001 
NIt4/I 
Cue5ls: Il 
niLt11 (Ludo' Salad 
Illaikeued lima 'drills' 
fia...abl Pea tut iii:ded 
Polk R160y0 
Ice lea 
Subtotal 
Tax 
Total 
Iht I an tel.) I)tit 
X0 Bistro 
IISDI Red 164 Plats. PI 
St 
VI 00802 
tin/la/Ulf 
Moitdiant ID. 
Drivics ID: 
7•Imina1 ID: 
Ct mull I 
Scs I ta : 
!
iansaction 
ard Typo: 
fn1
ount: 
ry: 
iiiii t
TIP' 
Total :s 
STAN; 
Oath Cod.: 
Rysr, nsii: 
ACI Cods: 
TkANS ID: 
Mods: 
AID: 
AD: 
Pit 
I7:b1:45 
0273 
1214 
PPX1I. 
OOP 
$56.00 
QO 
it) 
135
AUIH/IKT 
ild7ITESOICBSID 
Issuor 
eoeopeetioo 
06010M00000 
6806 
06/71/20li 
5:55 PM 
At164 
9.00 
16.00 
0.50 
28.00 
2.50 
56.00 
0.00 
56.00
ii(i. 414) 
Food: 
' ( knot
53.50 
2.50 
11-1101- Ut6Pt 
I-old us -FD 
&Met( on intwl 
dlaYt We kmac 
rt 
Lusiumfit COPY 
EFTA00809599
--- PAGE 3 ---
IIII
F
. 
welcome To 
Hoe's Fresh Market 
1F4-2 Estate Smi th B 
St 
me; 
Tho 
..,F.A 
Cashie?- 1?
5.1:. 
• . 
GALA b?PLES 
.92 LB 4 $2.99/L3 
m.4v::ES 
1.05 LB 4 $3.49/LB 
,..7.:..DARD ASPARAGUS 
4 $5.99 
.1:CADO.97S 
E 
 LB 4 $3.99/LB 
:ELERY 
lE4MN MW NATRL POPCRN 
4 $3.S9 
:ARDIS, MIN: 1LB BG PEEL 
SABRA RSTD RED PEPPP. 
0 $4.99 
BLUED AL BR UNSW OR: 
AMYS BEAN N RICE BURRiT: 
AMPS ESPECIAL BURRITO 
PACIFIC N/DAIRY MLK VAN 
ZIMA TOMATOES 
BOLTHOUSE EMS GRN G000NES 
BOLTHOUSE BLUE GOODNESS 
ORGNC UNSALTED BUTTER 
0 $7.99 
SG PORTABELLA MUSH CAPS 
0 $4.89 
SO DEL STRAW COCO YOG 
SO DEL VANILLA CNUT YOG 
0 $3.79 
KERRY GOLD SLID BUTTER 
4 $5.99 
GLACEAU SMARTWATER 1.5 L 
ECO ECO SHOP BAG 
0 $1.99 
J B JU2MBO
4$1
I3 .9
NSULATED BAG 
FA 
:... FA 
FA 
7.86 FA 
4.99 FA 
7.98 FA 
2.29 FA 
9.98 FA 
5.99 FA 
4.99 FA 
5.39 FA 
6.99 FA 
5.49 FA 
5.99 FA 
5.99 FA 
23.97 FA 
9.78 FA 
3.79 FA 
7.58 FA 
17.97 FA 
2.69 FA 
3.98 FA 
27.98 
A 
SUBTOTAL 193.05 
TOTAL 193.05 
CREDIT CARD 153.05 
CREDIT ACCT 
0.00 
Item Count 34 
Thank You For Shopping With US Today 
Returns: 24hrs on Perishables 
Days Grocerys 7 Days on Claims 
Date 
Time 
Lane Clerk Trans 
06/16/17 12:14 PH 2 
.a 
uS7I 
Friday. June 16 2017 12:1A:G9 PM 
MID 365083 TID 00000002 
Sequence A 020515161404 
VISA DEBIT 
*was 
***** 
Chip Read 
Total: USD: $193.05 
Mode: Issuer 
APPROVED 151548 
AID: A0000000031010 
TVR: 8080008000 
06010A03600030 
rSI: 6800 
ARC: 3030 
Lane I 02 Checker s 21 Trans V 90 
The Issuer of this Card is authori4ed 
lo pay the amount shown as 'Total' 
upon proper presentation. 
I promise to pay this total 
subject to and in accordance 
with the agreement governing 
the use of this Card. 
PURCHASE 
LSS 
(0015a,
RDDa." le-CtkrlJ1/4
PAU, UM 
EFTA00809600
--- PAGE 4 ---
coo ig a. 
Rea for P1 bite) 
welcome To 
Hoe's Fresh HarKet 
18A-2 Estate Smith Bay St.Thoma:, USvi 
340-693-0254 
Casnier: Ferlicla T. 
34AND BUTTERMILK BIS: 
4 $3.99 
APPL ORG FROVLN CHEESE 
APPL ORG AMERICAN CHEESE 
APPL ORG MUENSTER CH 
A G RICE CRKR WASABI 
JDEAN MAPLE SAUS ROLL 
g $8.99 
7.98 FA 
7.93 FA 
7.99 FA 
7.99 FA 
3.99 FA 
17.98 FA 
SuSTOTAL 
53.92 
TOTAL 
53.92 
CREDIT CARD 
53.92 
CREDIT ACCT 
0.00 
Item Count 8 
Than< v:u For Shopping With US Today 
Returns. 24hrs on Perishables 
Days Grocerys 7 Days on Claims 
Date 
Time 
Lane Clerk Trans 4 
06/23/17 0544 PM 5 
CUSTOMER COPY 
Noe's Fresh Market 
Red Øk St. flomas USVI 
MID 365053 TID 00000005 
Sequence a 050623214429 
APPROVED 009753 
Credit Visa 
Sale * 
***** ***** 
Swipe 
Total 
USO $53.92 
Lane N 
005 C
$ 27 Trans A 34 
6/23/2017 5:44:30 PM 
EFTA00809601
--- PAGE 5 ---
Nelc:Te To 
Moe's Fresh market 
18A-2 Estate Smith el St.Thotas USVI 
340-693-u254 
Cashier: RENAL03 V. 
RIPE BANANA 
POMEGRANATES
$1.29/LB 
0 $4.99 
STANDARD ASPARAGUS 
CHEERIOS 
$5.99 
BREAK 2% LF COTT CHS 
SABRA HUMmUS W RSTD PINE 
SABRA CLSC GUACAMOLE 
CLASS ROASTED GARLIC 
AMYS NON DAIRY RICE MACAR 
0 $7.69 
B H ROASTED PEPPER HUMMUS 
B H KALAMATA OLIVE TAPENA 
BLUEBERRIES 
PACIFIC N DAIRY HEMP MILK 
BOLTHOUSE FPS GRN GODONES 
NATHANS SLICED NOVA SALMN 
TOLFY PLN MINI PITETT 
0 $2.69 
KTTL KRNKL CHPS CRLNA 830 
CLINTS SLSA ROASTED SERRA 
ORGANIC BLACKBERRIES 
TERRA MEDITERR VEG CHIP 
SO DEL BLUEB CC:0 YOG 
0 $3.79 
SO DEL VANILLA CNUT 'fOG 
0 3.79 
BARONIA CRC PENNE RIGATE 
SH OLIVE CHIPS SALT E VIN 
RASTAMAN DREAM TABOULEH 
0.51 lb 0 S9.88/1b 
7ASTAHAN DREAM TABOULEH 
0.57 lb 0 $9.88/1b 
SUBTOTAL 
TOTAL 
CREDIT CARD 
CREDIT ACCT 
1.95 FA 
9.98 FA 
11.98 FA 
3.99 FA 
5.49 FA. 
4.99 FA 
5.99 FA 
8.99 FA 
15.38 FA 
5.99 FA 
5.99 FA 
99 FA 
6.59 FA 
5.99 FA 
18.99 FA 
5.38 FA 
5.79 FA 
6.29 FA 
7.69 FA 
7.99 FA 
7.53 FA 
7.59 FA 
3.49 FA 
4.89 FA 
5.04 FA 
5.63 FA 
185.63 
185.63 
185.63 
0.00 
Item Count 32 
Thank You For Shopping With US Today 
Returns: 24hrs cn Perishables 
Days Grocerys 7 Days on Claims 
Date 
Tlre 
_ere Clerk Trans 
06/27/17 .4:3..E ,su 2 
181 
Tuesday June 27, 2017 4:34:44 PM 
MID 365083 TID 00000002 
Sequence 0 020627203433 
VOID 
VISA DEBIT 
0iIIIIPURCHASE 
.******** 
Chip Read 
Total: USDS (185.60) 
Mode: Issuer 
APPROVED
163845
ATO: A0000000031010 
TVR: 8080008000 
IAD: 06010A03A00000 
TSI: 6800 
ARC: 
Lane 8 2 Checker 0 59 Trans a 181 
The Issuer of tiis Card is authorized 
to pay the amount shown as 'Total' 
upon proper presentation. 
I promise to pay this total 
subject to and in accordance 
with the agreement governing 
the use of this Card. 
Cardholder Signature 
Coblg?.a.-
Ebbs ?or mkiiikAlLiviot 
01.5A 
EFTA00809602

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809603.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendants. 
SUPPLEMENT TO EDWARDS' MOTION TO STRIKE EPSTEIN'S UNTIMELY 
SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AND TO STRIKE ALL EXHIBITS AND ANY 
REFERENCE TO DOCUMENTS CONTAINING PRIVILEGED MATERIALS LISTED 
ON EDWARDS' PRIVILEGE LOG 
Counter-Plaintiff Edwards, by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this 
Supplement to his Motion to Strike Epstein's Untimely Supplemental Exhibits and to Strike all 
Exhibits and Any Reference to Documents Containing Privileged Materials Listed on Edwards' 
Privilege Log, and in support states as follows: 
I. 
On March 7, 2018, in the wake of extensive communications between counsel in 
this matter regarding the source of the untimely Supplemental Exhibits improperly obtained and 
publicly filed by Epstein, the undersigned received a hand-delivered communication from counsel 
for Epstein enclosing "a flash drive which duplicates the disc we located in Fowler White's files." 
2. 
The enclosed flash drive contained three separate files respectively labeled: I) 
"Bradley Edwards.pdf' containing 8,507 pages of documents, 2) "Epstein Searches.pdf' 
containing 17,348 pages of documents, and 3) "Scott Rothstein.pdf' containing 1,687 pages of 
laturnalaigarElir 
EFTA00809603
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Supplement to Motion to Strike Epstein's Untimely Supplemental Exhibits and to Strike all 
Exhibits and Any Reference to Documents Containing Privileged Materials Listed on Edwards' 
Privilege Log 
documents. The format provided clear indication that these emails were obtained prior to Farmer 
Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & Lehrman reviewing and preparing a privilege log. In fact, the 
files were last modified on December 8, 2010, well before Edwards filed his 2011 Privilege Log. 
3. 
Upon further investigation, it has been determined that the documents wrongfully 
in the possession of Epstein were originally formatted in the way described above by the law firm 
of Berger Singerman, as counsel for the Trustee of Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler ("RRA") in the 
Federal Bankruptcy proceeding litigated before United States Bankruptcy Court Judge Raymond 
B. Ray in case 09-34791. 
4. 
The subject documents were prepared by Berger Singerman in that exact format for 
the sole purpose of allowing Fanner Jaffe to review the documents in 2010 to determine whether 
applicable privileges applied to any or all of the communications. leg Judge Ray's Order below. 
5. 
It is also now clear where Epstein got the CD containing Edwards' privileged 
materials. Specifically, on November 30, 2010, Judge Ray entered an explicitly worded Order 
(attached as Exhibit `A') concerning the documents that Epstein is attempting to improperly use 
on the eve of trial. [DE 1194]. 
6. 
Judge Ray's Order states in pertinent part: 
[T]he law firm of Fowler White Burnett, P.A., will print a hard copy of all of the 
documents contained on the discs with Bates numbers added, and will provide a set 
of copied, stamped documents to the Special Master and an identical set to 
Farmer, who will use same to create its privilege log ... Fowler White will not 
retain any copies of the documents contained on the discs provided to it, nor 
shall any images or copies of said documents be retained in the memory of 
Fowler White's copiers. Should it be determined that Fowler White or Epstein 
retained images or conies of the subject documents on its computer or 
otherwise, the Court retains jurisdiction to award sanctions in favor of 
Farmer, Brad Edwards or his client. 
EFTA00809604
--- PAGE 3 ---
L-1\11OS2cir  
 WM
. :sw.
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Supplement to Motion to Strike Epstein's Untimely Supplemental Exhibits and to Strike all 
Exhibits and Any Reference to Documents Containing Privileged Materials Listed on Edwards' 
Privilege Log 
7. 
Epstein's counsel, Fowler White, therefore disregarded Judge Ray's Order and 
Epstein's trial counsel failed to take reasonable and appropriate steps to determine where, when, 
and how the documents were obtained, instead choosing to inject clearly privileged materials into 
the public record and repeatedly refusing to destroy those identified on Edwards' 2011 Privilege 
Log. 
8. 
While Plaintiff fully intends to bring this flagrant disregard of the Federal Court's 
Order to the attention of Judge Ray as well as all other appropriate authorities and governing 
bodies, Plaintiff further moves this Court to take all necessary and appropriate action to adequately 
protect the confidential, privileged information contained within the documents discussed in 
Edwards' underlying Motion to Strike. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 7th day of March, 2018. 
JACK 
OLA 
Flor 
r No.: 169440 
D 
P. VITALE JR. 
nda Bar No.: 115179 
Attome E-Mails: 
and 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00809605

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809606.pdf
----------------------------------------
Palm Beach Reporting Services, Inc. 
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS 
1665 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
Suite 1001 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone 
Fax 
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad. P.A 
315 SE 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone 
Fax 
Invoice 
Wednesday. September 06, 2017 
64845 
Witness: 
Case: 
Venue: 
Case #: 
Date: 
Start Time: 
End Time: 
Reporter: 
Claim #: 
File #: 
Judge Donald Halele • Rm 1OC 
Epstein v Rothstein 
15th Judicial Circuit 
502009CA0408O0XX 
9/6/2017 
845 AM 
09 AfV1 
Sonja Hall 
52912HP 
COPY 
Courier 
Transcr pt Copy 
TRANSCRIPT EMAILED 9/6/17 
Courier Service 
40 
$0 .00 
I 
95 
Sub Total 
Payments 
Balance Due 
557 80 
S0 00 
S5 95 
Fed. I.D. # 59.2339214 
We appreciate your business! 
EFTA00809606
--- PAGE 2 ---
Palm Beach Reporting Services, Inc. 
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS 
1665 Pain Beach Lakes Blyo 
Suite 1001 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone 
Fax.
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad, P A. 
315 SE 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone 
Fax.
Invoice 
Monday, September 18, 2017 
64892 
Witness: 
Judge Donald 1-latele - Rm 10C 
Case: 
Epstein v Rothstein 
Venue: 
15th Judicial Circuit 
Case #: 
502009CA040800XX 
Date: 
9/15/2017 
Start Time: 
9:00 AM 
End Time: 
26 AM 
Reporter: 
Claim #: 
File #: 
52925HP 
0.1 
Transcript Original • One same day 
%BO 
67920 
Courser 
Courier Service 
65.95 
$5.95 
Sub Total 
Payments 
Balance Due 
Fcd. I.D. N 
We appreciate your business! 
EFTA00809607

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809608.pdf
----------------------------------------
ABC CONCEPTS, INC. 
Invoice 
8744 LINDBERG BAY 
ST. THOMAS. VI, 00802-5959 
Bill To 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
ANN RODRIQUEZ 
6100 REDIIOOK QUARTER STE. #113 
ST. THOMAS. V100802 
Date 
Invoice # 
6/7/2018 
ABC 10057 
P.O. No. 
Terms 
Project 
Due on receipt 
Quantity 
Description 
Rate 
Amount 
I Fabrication of 2 Generator Stainless 
14.914.00 
14,914.00 
ICs been a pleasure working with you! 
Total 
SI4,914.00 
Phone # 
E-mail 
Payments/Credits 
-S7,457.00 
(340)776-7798 
bIllgabcconcepts.us 
Balance Due 
$7,457.00 
EFTA00809608

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809609.pdf
----------------------------------------
TONJA HADDAD, PA 
315 SE 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
June 28, 2017 
Via Electronic Mail 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney et at. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Re: 
Epstein v. Edwards et aL 
Good morning Mr. Scarola: 
elephone 
facsimile 
In anticipation of the hearing on July 6, 2017, at which Mr. Brewer will be in attendance in 
person and I will be in attendance telephonically, please see all attached Motions. These 
Motions will be referenced at the hearing on July 6 regarding the time frame within which the 
parties can be ready for trial, as Mr. Epstein will need for you to comply with the Trial Court 
Order regarding you witness and expert witness lists, and once you do, discovery may ensue 
regarding the actual persons you list thereon. Thank you. 
Sincerely, 
TONJA HADDAD, PA 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
for the firm 
cc: 
Parties on Service List 
EFTA00809609

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809610.pdf
----------------------------------------
tstateuastectt.ofnct 
2139 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD 
WEST PALM BEACH. PLORIOA 32609 
P.O. BOX 362E 
WEST PALM BEACH FLORIDA 33402 
SpanIsn 
At1319t11115ATJat 
FOOSALYNSIA BANERSAANES 
ONEOOFTI BARNHART 
T NANOEC SASS F. 
Lamle J BMOCs 
-BAUM R. DENNEY 
BROW* S NUNN 
WAAIANO NAMPA 
VANES M. GUSTAFSON AR 
MARA F. PNNlblN 
ACNA 5/WC 
JACK P. ALL 
KELLY NYTIATi 
CSINESION M KENNEDY 
NCHATT Y TOOLE/. 
ANDREA A TEMA 
PARRA L. LEWIS 
PANTO PAPANCS 
EMIAIID V RICO 
WNW SCAROCA 
ITA104EW N. SCHNOCKE 
CHOW" Stott 
-thartamn 6 SEARCY 
CHRISTOPNER It. snao u
*KAREN E.TEARY 
OAVOP VITALE. JR 
°CHILD J WARD MI
CAAWNWAIIIIINER • 
OES:121.1450.: 
L DENNEY. JO. T 
'JOHN A. SHOUT II 
DAN° K KELLEY. ST 
An.vAti B Awe' 
5NARENOLOIRS 
'BOARD CERTAIN 
ALSQATAAT.T5D 
NON TOO 
UTS5t5SION 
wOoTANA 
'NEWJERSEY 
°NEW WOK 
VIROAVA 
DC 
P68.6.1461.6 
VNIAlt AVAICIVEDA 
INOTOIA$ E OTOLLUS 
meet It DUFRESNE 
TOKYO HOPKINS 
VOLVO L LECNAPO.JR 
NOWNW MTCMn 
DOTS R WOOERS 
XATINEENSIUON 
SIEVE LI SIAM 
BONNIE S &TANN 
MIEN& STET. 
SEARCY 
DEN N EY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
if---SHIPLEYA 
--Ptare 
- 
all 
VIA EMAIL 
September 19, 2017 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., Esquire 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
515 N Flagler Drive, Suite 2100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Joe: 
OTALTAHANNOF OFFKL; 
THE TOWLE HOUSE 
SIT NORTH CALHOUN STREET 
TALLAHASSEE. FL 323014231 
A list of trial witnesses has been filed in the referenced matter suggesting Epstein's intent 
to waive attorney-client privilege in defense of the malicious prosecution claim pending 
against him and which is scheduled for trial beginning December 5, 2017. We are 
noticing your deposition to obtain discovery concerning any possible claim that Epstein 
relied upon your legal advice in suing Brad Edwards. 
While we have unilaterally set the date for your deposition, we will work with you to 
reschedule the date to minimize inconvenience to you to the extent you can be 
accommodated within our discovery deadlines. 
Thank you for your anticipated cooperation, and call if you have any questions. 
WWW.SEARCYLAW.COM 
EFTA00809610

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809611.pdf
----------------------------------------
WEST EAMASEACILDOICE• 
2139 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD. 
WEST PALM BEACH. FLONDA 33409 
PO. BOX 3626 
WEST PALM BEACH. FLOFICA 33402 
=Simplon 
ATTORNEYS IC LAW 
ROSALYN SIA BAKERDARNES 
'F. GREGORY BARNHART 
T HARM; MSS. N 
L ALONE J 011y.10S 
•ORIAN R.DENNEY 
WHOA S.1 MIA 
"ImRiANO GARCIA 
'JAI SW OUSTAESON. JR. 
MARA N. P nAlFian 
ADAM SHEcia 
JACK P. HILL 
KELLY LAYMAN' 
CAMERON It KENNEDY 
MICHAEL N. RuGLER 
ANDREA A LEWIS 
DARRYL E. LEWIS 
PAOLO PEPRACS s
EDWAPDv II3C0 
VOIR. Sf...AA0lA 
NATIKEw K SCHNEMKE 
CARIER w SCOTT 
CHRISTIAN D. SEARCY 
CHRISTOPHER K.SPEED. " 
"KAMME.TERRY 
oKyl0 P %LEAL( .:$1 
DONALO J. wAAO IF 
•c. [ALVIN WARRIMER NI 
'EARL t. DENNEY Ja 
0.04 
SNIPLEy 
DAVID K KELLEY JR 
Vinton., R Knel 
SHAREHOLDERS 
'RONK/ cEmrceo 
6E5E,  AIWITIFQ 
'KENTUCKY 
EASSISSIPIN 
MONTANA 
4PIEWJERSEY 
NEW PORK 
MilellA 
BIRALEGALS. 
VARANATALLTEJEDA 
NICHOLAS I. 0•DELLTE 
RANDY M. OuvAISHE 
JOM/ C HOPKINS 
VICE NI L. LEONARD. JR 
ROOM W MOOR 
ELMS R DODDERS 
KATHLEEN SRO. 
SIEVE Li SmiTs 
UCTnnf S STARK 
wALTER A STEIN 
VIA EMAIL 
www.royblack.com 
September 19, 2017 
SEARCY 
DENNEY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
eet---SHIPLEY. 
—PAtterig 
Roy Black, Esquire 
Black Srebnick Komspan and Stumpf, P.A. 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard, #1300 
Miami, FL 33131 
Re: 
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Roy: 
Omm  MMAtim OFFICE. 
THE TOWLE HOUSE 
517 NORTH CALHOUN STREET 
TALLAHASSEE. FL 32331.1231 
A list of trial witnesses has been filed in the referenced matter suggesting Epstein's intent 
to waive attorney-client privilege in defense of the malicious prosecution claim pending 
against him and which is scheduled for trial beginning December 5, 2017. We are 
noticing your deposition to obtain discovery concerning any possible claim that Epstein 
relied upon your legal advice in suing Brad Edwards. 
While we have unilaterally set the date for your deposition, we will work with you to 
reschedule the date to minimize inconvenience to you to the extent you can be 
accommodated within our discovery deadlines. 
Thank you for your anticipated cooperation, and call if you have any questions. 
SCAROLA 
m 
nc. 
cc: 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
WWW.SEARCYLAW.COM 
EFTA00809611

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809612.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN WEST PALM BEACH DEFINE. 
2139 PALM BEACH LAKES SIM 
WEST PALM SEAM FLCIUDA 33409 
P.O. SOX 3626 
WEST PALM BEACH. FLORIDA 33402 
Spanish 
A?TOREYS ATIAW. 
ROSALYN SIA BAKER4ARNES 
.1 GREGORY BARNHART 
r rEEEtCEE PASS II
tairEf I BEEEIGS 
IMAM R DENNEY 
BRENDA S FULMER 
GARCJA 
'JAMES M. OUSTA/SON. JR. 
MARA R P HAIMD 
ADMIS ICOR 
JACK RNLI 
KELLY HYMAN' 
CAMERON M. XONEOr 
MOUS. H AuGla 
ANDREA A LEWIS 
cmcurn.L LEWIS' 
PABLO PticHACS's
EDWARD V Ricci 
JOIN SCAROLA 
uATTHEW N SG...VENOM 
C.ARTBRw SCOTT 
•ClORSTIN1 O. SEARCY 
comarOpHIR 
WIND" 
'KAREN E. TERRY 
E MVO VITµI. JO 
CONALO 
WARD dr 
•G CALVIN WARARBM 
DE2011.1150.. 
EARL L OEN£Y. AR 
'JOHN A &BRIEN. 
DAV°N KELLEY. JR 
WALLAA40 AM' 
SHAREHOLOERS 
'900A0 LEARNED 
MatiMILO 
'KENtude 
IMRSISSIPPI 
ISOHTANA 
I NEWJERSEV 
'a 
YORK 
wasHmTON DC 
PRY/COALS 
ylVIAPJAYAN.TEJEDA 
PICH<XAS F OoRLUIS 
mucri .4 Dor RE Pa 
JOHN G i.CPWAIS 
NUGENT L LECNARD. JR 
ROBERT w PITCHER 
GMRS R ROOGEFtS 
KATHLEEN SIMON 
STEVE IA EARTH 
034N1 S STARK 
wALIDI A STEW 
HAND DELIVERY 
September 28, 2017 
SEARCY 
DENNEY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
s-SHIPLN. 
i/
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 N Dixie Highway, Room 10.1216 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Case No. 2009CA040800XXXMB 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Judge Hafele: 
Onhummantanat 
THE TOWLE HOUSE 
517 NORTH CALPIMN STREET 
TALLAHASSEE. FL 32301.1231 
Pursuant to Your Honor's Order, enclosed please find the following responses on behalf 
of Bradley J. Edwards to motions filed on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein by September 25, 
2017: 
1. Edwards' Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgment on 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim; 
2. 
3. Edwards' Response to Epstein's Omnibus Motion in Limine; 
4. Edwards' Response to Epstein's Motion to Strike Discovery Objections and 
Compel Responses; 
5. Edwards' Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Continue October 3, 
2017 Hearing; 
Edwards' Response to Epstein's Motion to Compel Discovery Responses; 
6. Edwards' Response to Epstein's Motion to Overrule Objections and Compel 
Edwards to Answer Questions 
WWW.SEARCYLAWCOM 
EFTA00809612
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
2009CA040800XXXMB 
Judge Donald Hafele 
September 28, 2017 
Page 2 
Epstein's Motion for Enlargement of Time to Respond to Edwards' Motions filed 
September 25, 2017 was filed untimely on September 27, 2017, and therefore no response 
is enclosed as this motion should be stricken. 
All Counsel Via E-Service 
a 
sES3s,_&e. 
EFTA00809613

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809614.pdf
----------------------------------------
WEST PAI M BFABRPIMan. 
2139 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD. 
WEST PALM BEACH. FLORIDA 33409 
PO. BO% 3626 
WEST PALM BEACH. FLORIDA 33402 
Spanish 
ATIVINCMALLAYL 
ROSALYN SIA OAKERNARNES 
'F. GREGORY BARNHART 
T HARDEE BASS, IA 
UNA= J BEAGGS 
IMAM FL DENNEY 
BRENDA S. FULMER 
*MARIANO OAR= 
MANES W.CAJS1AFSOM JR. 
ALARA R E. HATFIELD 
ADAM S NECKT 
JACK P.M'S 
KELLY NYMAN 
CAMERON Y. KIAPINIDY 
MICHAEL /4 KUOLER 
ANDREA A. LEWtS 
DARRYL L Lows ' 
PAOLO PERNACS 
EDWARD V RICCI 
'JOHN SCAROLA 
MATTHEW K SOANDICKE 
CARTER W SCOTT 
'CHRISTIAN O.SEARCY 
CHINETOMEER 
SPEED° 
'KAREN EMMY 
DAVID P vnALE. JR 
CONALDJ WARD 
'C. CALVIN WARMER 
DE CROW, 
'WA L ENANEY, JR 2
=Pei A SHIPLEY IB 
DAVID K. KELLEY. JR. 
WLLIMIa IC= • 
SHAREHOLDERS 
%MAW CERTIFIED 
ALSOADISILMO 
KENTUCKY 
214ISSASSIPPI 
Manna 
'raw JIMMY 
NFWVOAK 
VIRMIA 
WASHINGTON= 
FARALEGAIS 
WYNN ATANTEJEOA 
HICKKAS F ON3ELLIS 
RANDY IA DUFRESNE 
JOHN C HOMO= 
~Asa L.LEONARD JR 
=BUNN PITCHER 
04MiS a P00005 
KATHLEEN SIMON 
STEVE M SKIN 
BOWE S STARK 
WALTER A STEIN 
VIA EMAIL 
February 6, 2018 
SEARCY 
DENNEY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
er-SH I PL EY.A 
vitro/46/s 
al all 
Scott J. Link, Esquire 
Kara B. Rockenbach, Esquire 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Mr. Link and Ms. Rockenbach: 
DIALLAHABSFF DFFICF. 
THE TChVLE HOUSE 
517 NORTH CALHOUN STREET 
TAP I aszASSEE. FL 32301.1231 
Your Proposal for Settlement of January 11, 2018 is hereby rejected. Bradley Edwards 
will never sign a document from which it may be inferred that Epstein ever had a 
reasonable basis upon which to dispute the claims made against him by Bradley Edwards, 
that releases any claim except the specific claim currently pending, or that suggests the 
payment of millions of dollars to Bradley Edwards should "not be construed or interpreted 
as an admission of liability on the part of Epstein." Furthermore, Epstein has not 
expressly denied liability. He has consistently hidden behind his Fifth Amendment right 
to remain silent. Bradley Edwards will never sign a document that contradicts that reality. 
The imposition of those unacceptable conditions in your Proposal for Settlement—
conditions unattainable in any judgment—render the Proposal unenforceable in the 
highly unlikely event that other conditions for its enforcement would ever be met. 
9K SCAROLA 
JS/nun 
• 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
David P. Vitale, Esq. 
WWW.SEARCYLAW.COM 
EFTA00809614

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809615.pdf
----------------------------------------
syannsuumcnstram 
2139 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD 
WEST PALM BEACH. FLORIDA 33409 
P.O. BOX 3626 
WEST PAM BEACH. FLORIDA 33402 
=Spanish 
ATIORNEvE N 14W 
ROSALTH NA Socelt-BARNLI 
•F. GREGORY BARNHART 
T ma t& EMS D 
LisEDE J SMOGS 
"Dm A. ottorre 
SAMOA S. FULLER 
OARIA/40 GARCIA 
'JADES W. GUSTAFSON.... 
IJARA R P HATFIELD 
ADAMS HECHT 
JACK P. HAL 
Karr HYMAN 
CAMERONIA KEHEEDV 
UICHAELH KvOLER 
ADORER A LEVIIS 
DARRYL L. LEEDS 
PARC PERHACS 16
t MAR() v MCCI 
'JOIN SCAROLA 
IASTTHEW K SCHwEICKE 
GAMED W SCOTT 
THANT/AM D. SEARCY 
CHNISTOPHER K MEM" 
HEARD/ E. TERRY 
DANCIP vITSLE .111 
DONALD J WARD II 
CALM WMIOHOI 
OE COMM-
'EARL L. DE/DrEt4E 
%Orel A OartET IT 
O4vio K KELLEv JR 
WICLIAM B KM*' 
SHAREHOLDERS 
. 40010CEkriFIED 
ALSO AUNTIE') 
icEirtuOLT 
EmtS.SsDON 
) 410/alsAL4 
• Ntw Hwy 
s PlEw‘Orr< 
I  Moods 
WASHNOTON DC 
BAAALEOALS. 
WYWI AvAWILEDA 
IliCHOLLS F. MELDS 
RANOYM OUFAESNE 
JOHN C HOR044 
VOCCENT L.410,140a JR 
ROBERT w PITCHER 
ACOOERE 
KATHLEEN MOH 
STEVE IS Sam 
BONNE S STARK 
WALTERA STEM 
VIA EMAIL 
September 19, 2017 
SEARCY 
DEN\ EY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
-SHIPLEYpA 
Robert D. 
D. Critton, Esquire 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Bob: 
OTAII AHABiFF OFFICF. 
THE TOWLE MOOSE 
Si? NORTH CALHOUN STREET 
TAUAHASSEE. FL 32301.1231 
A list of trial witnesses has been filed in the referenced matter suggesting Epstein's intent 
to waive attorney-client privilege in defense of the malicious prosecution claim pending 
against him and which is scheduled for trial beginning December 5, 2017. We are 
noticing your deposition to obtain discovery concerning any possible claim that Epstein 
relied upon your legal advice in suing Brad Edwards. 
While we have unilaterally set the date for your deposition, we will work with you to 
reschedule the date to minimize inconvenience to you to the extent you can be 
accommodated within our discovery deadlines. 
Thank you for your anticipated cooperation, and call if you have any questions. 
cc: 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
WWW.SEARCYLAW.COM 
EFTA00809615

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809616.pdf
----------------------------------------
LITIGATION RETAINER AGREEMENT 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Client") retains and employs Scott J. Link, P.A. in connection with the 
matter of Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J Edwards pending in the Fifteenth 
Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida, Case No. 50-2009-CA-
040800XXXXMB-AG (the "Litigation"). Client agrees that, as of November 1, 2017, the law 
firm of Link & Rockenbach, P.A. shall substitute in and replace Scott J. Link, P.A. and that the 
terms of this Retainer Agreement shall continue in MI force and effect with Link & Rockenbach, 
P.A. Scott J. Link, P.A. and Link & Rockenbach, P.A. shall be referred to collectively herein as 
the "Firm." 
SCOPE OF REPRESENTATION 
The Firm is undertaking to represent Client in the Litigation as co-counsel. This work 
will include traditional litigation activities to analyze and defend the claim, including discussing 
strategies and a settlement position, if appropriate, and preparing for and attending trial. 
The Firm is not undertaking to represent Client on any other matter. For example, the 
Firm is not undertaking to advise Client on criminal, personal estate or tax planning matters, 
financial planning, domestic relations, asset protection or possible claims against other 
professionals who may be responsible for losses. In addition, the Firm does not give tax advice 
and does not undertake to advise Client as to the tax consequences of a recovery made in 
connection with the Litigation. The Firm suggests Client seeks independent tax advice from 
attorneys or accountants who are familiar with Client's tax situation and who are qualified in tax 
matters. It will be Client's responsibility to make any tax payments or filings necessitated by the 
resolution of Client's claim. Any other matters that Client wants the Firm to handle must be the 
subject of a new discussion and, if appropriate, a separate agreement between the Firm and 
Client. 
The Firm expects to work on the Litigation with the firms of Tonja Haddad, P.A. and 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. ("Co-Counsel"). To promote efficiency and to avoid 
duplication of work, Client authorizes the Firm to communicate and work with Co-Counsel. 
Furthermore, Client agrees that the Firm is not obligated to independently analyze legal research 
and factual investigation performed by Co-Counsel. The Firm is entitled to rely upon the legal 
research and factual investigation performed by Co-Counsel. The Firm, however, reserves the 
right to do so in order to meet its obligations before the court. This is a material limitation on the 
scope of the Firm's work but is one that will help avoid duplicative legal work. 
The Firm also expects to share information generated in the Litigation and take direction 
from Client's General Counsel (Darren K. Indyke, PLLC). Client agrees that the Firm may take 
direction from and discuss matters with Client's General Counsel. 
RETAINER AND EARNED NON-REFUNDABLE FEE 
At the time this Retainer Agreement is signed, Client will pay the Firm a retainer in the 
amount of $50,000 in the form of a check or money order payable to "Scott J. Link, P.A. Trust 
Account." The retainer will be kept in the Firm's trust account during the representation and will 
EFTA00809616
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein Retainer Agreement 
Page 2 
be used to pay the Firm's invoices as they become due each month (20 days after an invoice is 
issued). Client agrees that, within 30 days of each invoice, he will replenish the retainer to bring 
it back to a $50,000 balance. At the termination of the Firm's representation in this matter, the 
retainer will be applied to any outstanding amounts on the final billing. Any remaining balance 
will be returned to Client. Two of the important aspects of the retainer are that it is not meant to 
be an estimate of the overall legal fees in the case, and it is meant to be kept in the original 
amount throughout the representation. 
In addition, at the time this Retainer Agreement is signed, Client will pay to the Finn as 
an earned, non-refundable fee $50,000 for the Firm's availability in this matter in the form of a 
check or money order payable to "Scott J. Link, P.A." The earned, non-refundable fee is in 
addition to and independent of Clients agreement to deposit a retainer and pay the Firm its 
hourly rates as set forth in this Agreement. 
RATES AND BILLING; STAFFING 
The Firm's hourly rates are as follows: 
Partners 
$750 
Associates 
$395 
Paraprofessionals 
$225 
Hourly rates may be adjusted from time to time (generally once a year) and may change 
during the course of the Firm's representation. 
The Firm's attomeys have varying areas of expertise and amounts of experience. In 
staffing this matter, the Finn's goal will be to render the best legal services it can in the most 
efficient manner. To accomplish this goal the Firm may assign different members of its team to 
perform various services on different matters or different aspects of the same matter. For 
example, if another lawyer has worked on a particular issue before, he or she may undertake a 
specific task that does not require comprehensive knowledge of the case. 
The Firm will also bill Client for disbursements and other services. The disbursements 
include such things as filing fees, court reporting fees, certified or registered mail, postage, 
telephone, copying costs (100 per page), teleconference call charges, courier services (at local 
commercial rate), expedited mail delivery (e.g., Federal Express), travel and meal expenses, trial 
support and the fees and expenses of investigators and experts, if needed. Where possible, the 
Firm will have vendors bill Client directly for such costs or the Firm will send Client the bill and 
request that Client pay the vendor directly. These disbursements are billed on an out-of-pocket 
basis (or at the rates described in parenthesis above) and will be included on each invoice. The 
Firm also charges for certain additional services rendered by the Firm, including computerized 
database access and usage (e.g., Westlaw and other databases) at the suppliers' published rates. 
EFTA00809617
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein Retainer Agreement 
Page 3 
The Firm bills fees and other services on a monthly basis and payment is due within 20 
days of Client's receipt of a statement. Client agrees to carefully read all billing statements and 
promptly notify the Firm, in writing, of any claimed errors or discrepancies, within 15 days from 
the date of statement. If the Firm does not hear from Client in writing, it is presumed that Client 
agrees with the correctness, accuracy and fairness of the billing statement. 
TERMINATION 
If at any time Client wants to terminate the Firm's services, Client must notify the Firm 
in writing. Likewise, if at any time the Firm finds that it is unable to continue representing 
Client, the Firm will notify Client in writing. The Firm reserves the right to terminate Client's 
representation if Client fails to comply with the terms of this fee agreement, if the Firm and 
Client reach a disagreement over the strategy of the case, or as allowed by the Florida Rules of 
Professional Conduct, and Client agrees not to contest the Firm's withdrawal from any court or 
administrative proceeding in such an event. As soon as possible after any such termination, a 
final statement will be prepared and sent to Client. 
FACT GATHERING, USE OF PROFESSIONAL JUDGMENT 
The Firm will perform the legal services which it has agreed to undertake on Client's 
behalf in a professional manner and the Firm will keep Client informed of all material 
developments in a reasonable and timely manner. To enable the Firm to do this, Client agrees to 
disclose such facts as are requested and as are reasonably necessary for the Firm to perform the 
services for which Client has retained it. 
Although the Firm may give Client its professional judgment regarding a matter, as to the 
likelihood of a favorable outcome on a particular case, the amount of a potential recovery, what a 
clause in a document says, or whether a particular contract or negotiation will result in the 
desired outcome, the Firm is never able to guarantee any of these. What the Firm will endeavor 
to do is to give Client its best judgment in light of the law and the particular facts made known to 
it. 
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION 
Client authorizes the Firm to use e-mail, cell phones and other wireless devices in place 
of more traditional methods to communicate with Client and others about this representation. 
Client acknowledges, however, that there is a risk that third parties may improperly intercept 
these communications. The Firm will, of course, be sensitive to security considerations and take 
reasonable precautions against the inadvertent disclosure of confidential information to others. 
Client acknowledges, however, that the Firm cannot and does not insure against the risk of such 
intrusions. 
EFTA00809618
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein Retainer Agreement 
Page 4 
AGREED TO: 
SCOTT J. L 
By: 
CO 
J. LINK 
, 
Dated: 
(!7 -- 
10(10591 
By: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated: 
— It — fl
EFTA00809619

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809620.pdf
----------------------------------------
obviously, what may or nay not be asked of 
Mr. Edwards and Mr. Epstein principally on 
these cases or these Issues, the global 
order of the Court would be that those 
individual claims would not be subject to 
discussion as to the merits, as Mr. Scarola 
has stipulated. 
However, as it relates to both probable 
cause, i.e., motive and malice, the number 
of claims -- that is, speaking in terms of 
voltme -- that Hr. Epstein was facing at the 
time that he brought the suit and continued 
the prosecution of that suit would be 
relevant. So that's the distinction being 
drawn by the Court, the detail, the merits, 
whatever may have been discovered as it 
related to those cases would not be 
individually admissible in evidence, or any 
of those details from those cases. 
However, as I said, the sheer number of 
cases nay be relevant, i.e., to tend to 
prove or disprove a materiel fact as it 
r 00000 
a to probable cause and malice. So 
that's the decision. 
Next issue, please. 
MS. ROCKENBACH: Thank you, Your Honor. 
She next -- I think based on that 
rullnq, Your Honor Would preclude the 
a 
settlenents of any of the claimants, 
a 
including the settlement amounts of the 
a 
three that were represented by Hr. Edwards. 
And in our notion in 11M/60, mo cited 
o 
the Florida Evidence Code 90.408, which 
precludes the admissibility or evidence of 
offers to compromise or settlements to prove 
liability or absence of liability. 
She cases settle all the tine for many 
different reasons. And I know that value 
has become an issue in this case of 
Mr. Edwards' three claimants, but certainly 
not of any of the other claims that 
Mr. Epstein may have settled. So that's the 
first issue. Any other cases that he may 
have settled are wholly irrelevant and 
should be precluded. 
THE COURT: Let me understand. The 
issue of any settlements outside of the 
three people, I don't have a problem with in 
terms of introducing that information. 
In other words, I don't intend to allow 
IS 
)7 
HR. SCAROLA: Excuse ma. Hay I also 
ask for this clarification, Your Honor? 
Will we be permitted to discuss the 
fact that Mr. Edwards had taken a leadership 
role In coordinating the prosecution of all 
of those claims, that Ls, that it was a --
it was a unified effort on the part of 
multiple law firms that Hr. Edwards was 
playing a leadership role, which then led to 
a basis to focus upon Mr. Edwards because of 
that leadership role? 
THE COURT: If that's based on fact, 
then I believe it would be -- you would be 
able to introduce that, yes. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you, sir. 
THE COURT: Because, again, it tends to 
prove or disprove a material fact, i.e., 
probable cause, motive, malice. 
Again, whether or not the jury accepts 
that -- it's going to be up to the jury to 
accept it, reject it, give it the weight it 
deserves, or to infer anything that they 
reasonably believe would be inferrible as a 
result of that information. 
The next issue, please. 
that information to be introduced, unless I 
can be persuaded otherwise. 
HR. SCAROLA: I don't intend to attempt 
to persuade you at this point In time. 
I don't mean to interrupt the Court, 
but I thought it might abbreviate things. 
THE COURT: That's fine. 
MR. SCAROLA: I don't intend to attempt 
to convince the Court at this point in time 
that that evidence is admissible. I can, 
however, foresee that it becomes relevant 
and material. 
THE COURT: You are talking about those 
individuals outside of the three --
HR. SCAROLA: Yes, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: -- that we have been 
speaking about at length. 
HR. SCAROLA: And I am only raising 
that now, because, although I don't intend 
to contest admissibility at this point, I 
foresee the potential that it may be 
admissible and therefore it should be 
discoverable. 
Me should be able to discover what 
Mr. Epstein's economic active was to attempt 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 
EFTA00809620
--- PAGE 2 ---
to avoid liability in all of those other 
• 
But III pretty sure that some cases 
cases, because his economic motive in 
were filed by Mr. Josefsberg. 
attempting to avoid liability -- not only of 
THE COURT: Thank you. 
the three cases settled for $S.S million, 
but for the liability in all of the other 
Ms. Rockenbach, so as far as the 
collateral claims are concerned -- by no 
cases as well -- could become relevant and 
a 
means am I minimizing those by using that 
material, since it's reasonably calculated 
' 
terminology. It's just to distinguish the 
to load to discoverable evidence. 
. 
three cases that aro at the heart of this 
I would ask -- and this may or may not 
case as it relates to the malicious 
bo the appropriate time to address this, but 
prosecution claim as opposed to those other 
it relates directly, so I think that it 
II 
folks -- those other young woman, in 
is -- I would ask that Kr. Epstein be 
particular, who had either brought suit or 
compelled to respond to discovery with 
made claims that were paid by Mr. Epstein. 
regard to each of those sattloments. 
The ruling of the Court is that I am 
THE COURT: All right. Do you know how 
IS 
going to find at this point -- again, 
many cases wore actually filed against him 
subject to further inquiry at a later time 
for the same or similar activities that wore 
1, 
and whether or not that becomes an issue is 
alleged by the three individuals hero? 
IS 
going to be subject to further scrutiny --
MR. SCAROLA: Right now I would only bo 
but I'm going to find that that information 
guessing, Your Honor. 
would be discoverable, i.o., what was the 
II 
THE COURT: I know Kr. Kuvin had 
2: 
total amount of payments made by 
several, if my memory is correct, in my 
Mr. Epstein? 
division. 
At this point I am withholding fly 
MR. SCAROLA: Sid Carcia had a number 
IA 
ruling -- or deferring ruling on 
that he was prosecuting as well. There 
II 
admissibility, just for the record --
I 
were -- I think it was close to 20. I think 
because you all aro far bettor aware of the 
there were approximately 20. I think wo 
standard than I -- but the standard being 
have listed each of the case numbers. 
because discovery is broader than what may 
THE COURT: I won't hold you to the 
bo admissible at trial, the total amount 
exact number. It is really for anecdotal 
h 
paid, again, goes back to that place in tiro 
information. 
when Mr. Epstein would have brought this 
MR. SCAROLA: I think it was about 20. 
a 
lawsuit at or near the time or 
Also, there were a substantial number 
Mr. Rothstein's arrest' at or near the Ciao 
of additional victims with whom settlements 
or rederal and perhaps state agents raiding 
were negotiated in the context of the 
the offices or the rim; at or near the tiro 
2I 
non-prosecution agreement. Those wore all 
or those cases reaching a crescendo as far 
of the victims that wore represented by 
as 
as discovery was transpired; and then 
Mr. Josefsberg. 
es 
ultimately -- at least these three cases --
THE COURT: So they were claims that 
OA 
settling loss than a year thereafter, as I 
wore settled without the formal filing of a 
oh 
recall. You can correct ma if I am wrong. 
lawsuit? Is that what you aro suggesting? 
So the motive, malicious, probable 
MR. SCAROLA: I think that 
cause issues that we have talked about at 
Mr. Josefsberg nay have filed some lawsuits, 
II 
length in the past, again, because of the 
but I believe he also settled some claims 
LI 
nature of discovery Doing broader than what 
under the terms of the non-prosecution 
CO 
may be admissible at trial, I an going to 
agreement simply by asserting the claims 
el 
require that Information bo provided, so . 
under the federal statute and coming to an 
SI 
deferring as to its admissibility. 
agrooment with regard to how those were to 
Any confidentiality matters that may 
be resolved without the necessity of filing 
MB 
have attached to those settlement offers --
formal legal proceedings. 
MI 
strike that -- to those settlement payments 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 
EFTA00809621
--- PAGE 3 ---
as 
would also have to be discussed 
at Saga 
time. 
Section 90.408, for the record, states, 
though, •Evidence of an offer to compromise 
a claim which was disputed as t0 validity or 
amount, as well as any relevant Conduct or 
statements made In negotiations concerning a 
compromise, is inadmissible to prove 
liability or absence of liability for the 
claim or its value. End quote. 
So this is concerning, obviously, In 
light of the statute, as to not only the 
global settlement number that may be 
involved, but also as it relates to the 
three individuals. 
Now, that's not squarely before mo 
today. And I would rather be able tO deal 
with that 
at SORB Other time so that 
it's 
fully briefed and we know where w0 are going 
on this, because Mr. Scarola has his own 
rationale for insisting that the 55.5 
million figure associated between the three 
individuals involve directly here would, in 
his view, be admissible. 
Mr. Epstein largely hanging his hat on 
clarification, please? 
THE COURT: Sure. Of course. 
MR. LINK: Judge, I think I heard you 
a 
say that we are required to produce, on 
Mr. Scarola's ore tenus motion, the 
settlement agreements. 
THE COURT: No, I didn't say settlement 
agreements. I said the gross settlement 
amount. 
HR. LINK: Gross amount. 
Your Honor, for further clarification, 
would that amount only include 
those 
settlements that took place on or after the 
date that Mr. Epstein filed his Complaint? 
If you look at their argument, the 
exposure that still existed is what they 
believe helps them show motive or malice. 
Anything settled beforehand, obviously, had 
been taken care of and should not fit within 
the description that they gave the Court. 
THE COURT: Mr. Scarola, your position 
on that? 
MR. SCAROLA: First, Your Honor, I'm 
not sure we're arguing over any practical 
significance because I don't think any of 
Is 
)7 
Section 90.408 takes a different view. 
Similar t0 the hearsay rule, there aro 
noted and notable exceptions to 90.408, 
meaning that, in the hearsay context, if the 
information is not being used to prove the 
truth of the matter asserted, there aro 
other ways in order to get that information 
in. 
Similarly, I am at least generically 
aware that there have boon exceptions that 
have boon stated under the law to 90.408. 
So again, I would prefer to talk about 
them at a later time. So I think that, 
Ms. Rockenbach, what I would suggest you do 
is separate out, as part of the motion in 
',rano -- my apologies -- if it is, I would 
ask simply to separate it out and set It for 
a half-hour special set hearing and we will 
take it up at another time. 
I would rather get into, now, these 
issues of Fifth Amendment privilege that 
have been scheduled. 
HS. ROCKEHBACH: Yes, Your Honor. 
Thank you. 
HR. LINK: Your Honor, may I make ono 
ii
is 
THE COURT: Ne no longer need to use 
the term alleged in terms of the misconduct 
at RRA. 
the cases settled before this lawsuit 
-- the 
malicious prosecution claim -- was filed. 
MR. LINK: They did in fact, Your 
honor. 
MR. SCAROLA: Well, I stand corrected, 
then. 
But at any rate, we respectfully should 
get discovery that may be admissible with 
regard to the extent to which these claims 
wore, quote, ginned up, unquote, as a 
consequence of anything that Hr. Edwards 
did. 
And what we have hoard repeatedly la, 
we're talking about things Mr. Edwards did 
while he was at Rothstein, Rosonfeldt 
Adler. So settlement of claims before then 
as compared to settlement of Clain/5 after 
that, and settlement of claims following the 
disclosure of the alleged misconduct at RRA, 
would be at least discoverable with regard 
tO ashother these claims were somehow ginned 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 
EFTA00809622
--- PAGE 4 ---
MR. SCAROLA: I was referring to --
THE COURT: There was misconduct at 
RRA. 
MR. SCAROLA: -- Mr. Edwards. 
THE COURT: Whether there was 
misconduct on behalf of Kr. Edwards, that 
is, in fact, still a matter of allegation. 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, air. And that's the 
only misconduct I was referring 
to. 
THE COURT: Absolutely. 
I aurae with Mr. Scarola, 
not only as 
to his argument, but also as it related to 
Mr. Epstein's state of mind, i.a., probable 
cause to bring this claim in the first 
place. 
It can be argued -- and I expect you to 
argue that -- that being Mr. Mr. Link and 
Ms. Rockenbach and his other counsel -- that 
he clearly had probable cause to bring these 
claims. 
On the other hand, an argument -- a 
piece of the argument that will be made on 
behalf or Mr. Epstein is that he was looking 
at this In a vengeful fashion, that he was 
looking at this as a way to get back at 
MR. SCAROLA: May we get a breakdown as 
to -- because of the argument that•a bean 
made and Your Honor's comments -- the number 
of cases settled prior to the filing of the 
malicious 
prosecution 
claim against 
Mr. Edwards, that total grossi than the 
number of cases settled while at -- while 
Mr. Edwards was at RRA, that 
gross; 
the 
number of the cases settled post RRA's 
Implosion and that gross? 
THE COURT: Mr. Link or Ms. Rockenbach? 
MR. LINK: Judge, I think that -- as I 
said, I don't want to dispute the Court's 
ruling, but now breaking it down into 
segments has a whole different potential 
relevance. It's no longer discovery. We 
aro looking at, then, finding 
individual 
folks who may have resolved their cases, 
where if we give you a gross number -- if I 
understand Mr. Scarola'a argument -- It's 
the gross exposure that 
was hanging over 
Mr. Epataln's head that caused him to do 
this. 
THE COURT: That's precisely the word I 
was going to use, and that's the reason 
a 
• 
Alb 
Edwards for not only his pecuniary lost, but 
some or the other things that 
we have 
discussed 
as lc relates 
to motive, 
i.e., 
probable cause, 
1.o., 
malice. 
So that's 
the reason behind the Court's 
ruling that the global sett loran 
amount nay 
be potentially 
admissible 
or discoverable, 
in my view certainly. Because, again, 
the 
issue or relevancy 
is ouch of a broader 
discussion 
and much more or a broader viol. 
on to 
part or the appellate 
courts as it 
r aaaaa a to admissibility.. 
So :or row. that's the ruling of the 
Court. 
MR. LINK: I understand that. We want 
to comply with the Court's order. Two 
things. 
One, you're 
asking us to provide a 
gross number of the total 
amount of 
settlements, 
correct? 
And we ask the Court 
that 
that 
number be subject 
to 
confidentiality. 
Wo aro disclosing 
confidant ial Stitt lament amounts --
THE COURT: 
That would be for, 
at this 
point,. Counsel and his client's 
eyes only, 
and shall 
not be disclosed. 
II
behind the Court's ruling, is that the issue 
of exposure is one that. In my respectful 
view, would be the relevancy 
of potentially 
admitting 
that 
information. 
MR. SCAROLA: And knowledge of 
Mr. Epataln's exposure would clearly be 
based upon what he had to pay even before he 
filed the lawsuit. I had to pay x number of 
dollars and I'm really mad at Bradley 
Edwards now for the role he has played in 
causing ma to expend that 
much money so far. 
I'm going to put a stop to this. 
I'm going 
to sue Edwards and scare off everybody else. 
THE COURT: Again, for discovery 
purposes only at this point, I'm going to 
require, then, simply a breakdown of what 
was paid prior to December 9th, 2009. Happy 
anniversary 1n two days: the girt that keeps 
on giving. 
MR. SCAROLA: Actually, apparently 
today is the anniversary day. Pearl Harbor. 
Sneak attack. 
MR. LINK: Justified filing. We can 
sit out hare and hurdle things to the court 
rep 
, Your Honor. 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 
EFTA00809623
--- PAGE 5 ---
THE COURT: We have boon speaking with 
smiles on our faces, knowing that despite 
the seriousness of everything that has gone 
on here, the attorneys and the Court, at 
least, can have moments of brevity that is 
not disrespectful to any of the litigants or 
any of those who may have been subject to 
the prior cases. I want to make clear that 
that is In fact the case in this brief 
=mane. 
I think that I as at least reasonable♦ 
convinced that any prior settlenents thole 
wore made within a two-year period of. 
December 7th. 2009 -- and then chat would to 
as 
broken down. And then anything paid after 
would be broken do'w'n. 
: chink it's a relatively sine,e 
exorcise that won't cause any typo of 
if 
overburden or onerous type of requirement qg 
the part of Mr. Epstein and/or his prior 
OM 
counsel. 
HR. LINK: Ka understand the Court's 
ruling. Thank you, edge. 
THE COURT: Thank you, again. And 
IS 
that's the reason behind the ruling that en 
THE COURT: Thank you. 
All right, let's get to, now, the Fifth 
Amendment issues, if we could please. I 
have gone through the materials. Thank you, 
particularly to Mr. Se aaaaa and his office 
for culling these out and -- pursuant to the 
court order -- which I have never had a 
situation in the many years I have been 
doing this that Mr. Scarola -- for that 
matter, Ma. Rockenbach -- to a lessor 
degree, to the extent that Mr. Link has not 
appeared before and that often -- to over 
knowingly transgress the Court's order. In 
any event, I commend them for doing what 
they have done to cull this out. 
So my thinking is -- I think I asked 
that both of you try to get together and see 
if there's any cannon ground here to avoid 
the Court's involvement. 
Have there boon any agreements with 
respect to any of these questions and 
answers? 
HR. SCAROLA: We have been told every 
one is challenged, your Honor. 
And if I might make a preliminary 
e 
a 
• 
:0 
II 
al 
Is 
in fact, the nail was hit on the head by 
Mr. Link, is ono of mindset of Mr. Epstein 
going to, again, what may be reasonably 
calculated to load to the discovery of 
admissible evidence, and that is, relating 
co issues of probable cause and nalico as ic 
pertains to the potential total exposure, 
the bast -- a consideration or best 
evidence, not so much under the rule --
What I'm saying is, a way co portray 
that mindset would be one of the exposure 
Mr. Epstein faced, not only at the tine, but 
potentially in the future so-called proof of 
the pudding axiom that ultimately resulted 
in the amount of money that was paid. 
MR. LINK: Your Honor, should we 
prepare an order on that to include the 
attorneys'-eyes-only confidentiality ruling? 
HR. SCAROLA: Attorneys and client. 
THE COURT: Attorneys' and clients' 
eyes only, not to be disclosed in any 
fashion outside of this litigation. 
MR. LINK: Actually, Mr. Edwards is one 
of hie own attorneys, isn't he? 
MR. SCAROLA: He is. yes. 
:0 
II 
State'bent. 
THE COURT: Ms. Rockenbach you may as 
well. 
HR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, the defense 
has cited case law that an element of a 
civil claim may not be proved based solely 
upon the inference that arises from the 
assertion of the Fifth Amendment. NO agree. 
That is not a point of contention. 
The defense has also asked for a jury 
instruction to be given at the time that the 
Fifth Amendment, I assume, is initially 
asserted in the jury's presence by 
Mr. Epstein -- in all likelihood through 
playing excerpts of his deposition -- his 
videotaped depositions -- and we have no 
objection to that. 
I think that both sides can get 
together and fashion an appropriate jury 
instruction that informs the jury that while 
In the context of a criminal case, an 
individual's assertion of a Fifth Amendment 
right may not be used against him. 
In the context of a civil case, an 
adverse inference may be drawn from the 
Palm Beach Reporting Service, Inc. 
EFTA00809624

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809625.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00809625

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809626.pdf
----------------------------------------
de
ismai
st 
yrs'
.  
••••••Ime.,—.-.-
o Pa. reert-b 
co &weer, hat 
a 
eekeD A R 
ft CA, itiV25 
• Weven,i us e-
• at. se je
a itiritcroi tritEA-
Uvu“...O An et+ 
• 
w s Kyr t o au c 
/4 WAte Tv Ate +eters 
sj 
EFTA00809626

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809627.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809627.pdf
----------------------------------------
earn'otki 
I 
P a • reere-
• co ti s/et-rev 
a I> C4Ate 
tki LX)
• Ws-vett-I Use-
• a tack-ex) 
a Ririveby /reek 
• U1)(19E 
Arzeral-
• W4eut to csocirD 
A wAtt- Ta fhe +eer. 
EFTA00809627

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809628.pdf
----------------------------------------
a •vr•v,,y free-A-
• U VU9 kb AREA-
• wttlivr to (Stint) 
A Wittly -ra Ras fewer 
I sisrao v\.) 
, 
EFTA00809628

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809629.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00809629

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809630.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
Social-Media-Search-201903261350 
Results Found for social media records for people with email address 
or 
Record 1013 : 
Email Address: 
Possible Online Profiles 
Name 
Age: 
Gender: mate 
Images: 
Record_2 of 3 : 
Email Address: 
Possible Online Profiles 
Name: None Found 
Age: None Found 
Gender: female 
Images: 
Record 3 of 3 : 
Email Address: 
Name 
Possible Online Profiles 
Page 1 of 2 03/26/2019 
EFTA00809630
--- PAGE 2 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
Soolal•Medla-Seareh•201903261350 
Age: 48 
Gender: Female 
Images: 
Page 2 of 2 03,26,2019 
EFTA00809631

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809632.pdf
----------------------------------------
Executive Summary 
Financial Strategy Group, Ltd. (FSG) is an International Banking Entity (IBE) in the St. 
Thomas - St. John District, incorporated in the U.S. Virgin Islands and wholly-owned by Mr. 
Jeffrey Epstein. FSG's sole office and headquarters are located at American Yacht Harbor, 6100 
Red Hook Quarter, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. FSG will be providing the following lines 
of business and services while ensuring that, except as specifically indicated below, none of the 
financial undertakings arc granted to domestic persons (i.e., residents of the U.S. Virgin Islands): 
1. FSG may make, arrange, guarantee, secure, bond or service loans or other financial 
undertakings. 
2. FSG may engage in financial and business management services; 
3. FSG may make commercial loans in excess of $1,000,000 to U.S. Virgin Islands 
borrowers that (i) have been rejected, or not approved within 30 days from submission, 
by any U.S. Virgin Islands financial institution; or (ii) bear interest at an interest rate of 
not less than five percentage points above the Federal Home Loan Mortgage 
Corporation's posted yield on the last business day of the month on a thirty-year 
standard conventional fixed rate mortgage; 
4. FSG may make capital contributions in excess of S1,000,000 to U.S. Virgin Islands 
business entities in the U.S. Virgin Islands; 
S. FSG may carry out banking transactions permitted by this chapter in the currency of any 
country, or in gold or silver, and participate in foreign currency trade; 
6. FSG may underwrite, issue, distribute, and otherwise deal in securities, notes, debt, 
instruments, drafts, and bills of exchange, issued by FSG, or by a foreign person, for final 
purchase by a person outside of the U.S. Virgin Islands; 
7. FSG may buy and sell securities and non-life insurance annuities for clients outside the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, and provide investment advice in relation to such transactions or 
separate therefrom, to such persons, and in addition offer these services and products to 
the Government of the U.S. Virgin Islands and any of its instrumentalities, agencies and 
investment vehicles; 
8. FSG may organize, manage and provide management services to international financial 
entities, such as investment companies and mutual funds, on the condition that the stock 
or participation in the capital of such companies is not distributed directly by the IBE to 
domestic persons; and with prior authorization from the Director, provide to other IBEs 
or to foreign persons or entities outside of the Virgin Islands, those services of financial 
nature, as these arc defined and generally accepted in the banking industry of the United 
States and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
EFTA00809632
--- PAGE 2 ---
FSG may initially focus on the following lines of business: 
I. Insurance of non-Virgin Islands risk; 
2. Financing of swap transactions and collateralized loan obligations; 
3. Other derivative type transactions; 
4. Venture capital; 
5. Merchant banking; and 
6. Wealth management 
Industry Analysis 
Effective September of 2012, U.S. Virgin Islands entities engaging in bank-like activities are 
eligible for broad tax exemptions similar to those offered to companies through the Economic 
Development Authority. IBEs do not take deposits but engage in bank-like activities. To date, 
the Division of Banking and Insurance has not issued a license to any entity to commence the 
business of international banking in the Territory. FSG has been issued a Permit by the Division 
of Insurance and Banking and would be the first existing IBE in the United States Virgin Islands. 
International banking entities have established trading facilities and they generally trade foreign 
exchange products for their own account. Two major features that distinguish international 
banking entities from domestic banks are the types of deposits and the loans and investments 
offered. International banking entities borrow and lend in the Eurocurrency market. 
An international banking entity may participate in the underwriting of Eurobonds and foreign 
bonds. International banking entities frequently provide consulting services and advice to their 
clients in the areas of foreign exchange hedging strategics, interest rate and currency swap 
financing, and international cash management services. Not all international banking entities 
provide all services. Banks that do provide a majority of these services are known as universal 
banks or full service banks. 
International banking entities have been an important component of a broad financial 
globalization and assimilation. Historically, they have expanded together with international trade 
and performed key functions for the business of international firms. In addition, the local 
operations of foreign banks have stimulated the expansion of financial systems in new markets 
and helped to ease information problems by having close and lasting customer relationships. The 
demand for financial services from multinational corporations and rapidly growing emerging 
markets has shaped the international banking industry and its contribution to economic growth. 
The role of international banks in the global economy is closely related to that of international 
financial markets. As they perform complementary functions, both forms of financial 
intermediation are indispensable, together with a resilient market infrastructure, for the healthy 
functioning of the financial system. International capital markets often cast the funding 
constraints of large corporations when local bank credit contracts. Financial intermediation is an 
activity in which an entity incurs liabilities on its own account for the purpose of acquiring 
financial assets by engaging in financial transactions on the market; the role of financial 
intermediaries is to channel funds from lenders to borrowers by intermediating between them. By 
EFTA00809633

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809634.pdf
----------------------------------------
ST. CROIX 116 King Street, Frederiksted. VI 00840 
FAX 
ST THOMAS 8000 Nisky Shopping Center. Suite 620. St. Thomas. VI 00802 
FAX 
Economic Development Authority vniroUSVIE0korg 
August 20, 2018 
Via Electronic Mail 
Cecile de Jongh 
Manager 
Southern Trust Company. Inc 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 - 1348 
Re: COMPLIANCE REVIEW 
Dear Mrs. de Jongh, 
The Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission has commenced a compliance review 
of Southern Trust Company, Inc, for the period; January I, 2013 to December 31, 2016. 
We are therefore requesting the following documents to substantiate compliance with the 
certificate of tax incentives: 
o 2013 - 2016 Fixed Asset schedule 
o Name of employee(s) participating or participated in the management training program 
o Name of employee(s) who received tuition reimbursement, employee training, 
professional training. 
o Name of employee(s) given time off to participate in and represent the Virgin Islands at 
athletic and sporting events. 
Timely submission of the requested information will expedite the completion of the compliance 
review but does not preclude requests for additional information. Please note the requested 
information may be sent to this office under separate covers no later than August 29, 2018. 
Should you have questions or require assistance, you may contact me via e-mail or at 
Sincerely, 
1311
;ndra Bess 
Compliance Officer 
cc: Claude S. M. Gerard - Director of Compliance - VIEDC 
EFTA00809634

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809635.pdf
----------------------------------------
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
May 22, 2018 
Re: In-Kind Distribution from Honeycomb Ventures I LP (the "Fund") 
Dear Southern Trust Company, 
Honeycomb Asset Management LP (the "Honeycomb-) is making a distribution of Spotify Technology 
S.A. ("SPOT-) pursuant to and in compliance with Honeycomb Ventures I LP's Limited Partnership 
Agreement (the -Agreement"). All capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this letter have the meanings 
given to such terms in the Agreement. 
The value payable to you from this distribution (including the value of in-kind shares as of May 18, 2018 
and cash) is $1,752,515.84. Please see the attached statement for additional details. For those 
investors that receive shares in-kind, we consider such shares to have a holding period of greater 
than 1 year. 
Any future distributions of cash not used to pay current or future expenses will be made by wire, using the 
bank account details provided in each investor's Subscription Agreement. 
As always, we encourage you to contact us with any questions. Thank you for your continued support of 
Honeycomb. 
Best regards, 
The Honeycomb Team 
DOC II) - 27822748.2 
EFTA00809635
--- PAGE 2 ---
HONEYCOMB 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
DISTRIBUTION DETAILS 
If applicable, Morgan Stanley will deliver your allocation of SPOT shares by end of day on May 22, 2018, 
in accordance with the brokerage account instructions you previously provided. 
Limited Partner: 
Southern Trust Company 
Initial Capital Contribution: 
$ 1,000,000 
Net Performance Amount: 
$ 752,515.84 
Total Distribution: 
$ 1,752,515.84 
In-Kind Distribution Amount: 
Shares Distributed: 
Cash Distribution: 
$ 1,752,515.84 
Total Distribution: 
$ 1,752,515.84 
Important Notes 
The "Total Distribution" amount includes estimated deductions for Carried Interest and current and future 
expenses payable by the Fund. 
This document is not intended to be, nor should it be construed or used as an offer to sell, or a solicitation 
of any offer to buy, interests or shares in any fund or account advised by Honeycomb. No offer or 
solicitation may be made prior to the delivery of a definitive offering memorandum which will contain 
additional information about such fund or account, including disclosures relating to risk factors and 
conflicts of interest. Past performance is not indicative or a guarantee of future results. 
Nothing herein or in any other communication to you from Honeycomb should be construed as legal or 
tax advice. The information herein should not be used for tax purposes. All relevant tax information will 
be included on your year-end K-1. You should consult with your own counsel, accountant and other 
advisers as to the legal, tax, economic and related aspects of your investment in the Fund, including with 
respect to the distribution described herein. 
MX' ID - 27822748.2 
EFTA00809636

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809637.pdf
----------------------------------------
General Ledger Account 
15100 . Leasehold Improvements 
15100 . Leasehold Improvements 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
15100 • Leasehold Improvements 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
15200 • Furniture & Equipment 
15206 . ISP equipment 
15206 . ISP equipment 
15206 . ISP equipment 
15206 . ISP equipment 
Total 15206 • ISP equipment 
15250 • Office Equipment 
15250 • Office Equipment 
15250 • Office Equipment 
15250 • Office Equipment 
15250 • Office Equipment 
15250 • Office Equipment 
15250 • Office Equipment 
15250 • Office Equipment 
15250 • Office Equipment 
15251 • Server 
15251 • Server 
15251 • Server 
15251 • Server 
15252 • Software 
15252 • Software 
15400 . Vehicles 
15400 . Vehicles 
Name 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Fixed Asset Ledger 
2013-2016 
Memo 
Reefco Services. Inc. 
Reefco Services. Inc. 
Roan Hodge 
Roan Hodge 
Roan Hodge 
Roan Hodge 
Roan Hodge 
The Floor Factory 
Fest Resort Painting 
Silk Greenery Home 
Liston Network Systems 
Executive Office Equipment 
Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Silk Greenery Home 
Terrance Rabsatt db'a I Am 
Terrance Rabsatt 
Terrance Rabsatt cio% I Am 
Terrance Rabsatt cklYa I Am 
Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Executive Office Equipment 
Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Caribbean Computer Consortium 
Executive Office Equipment 
Ian Abraham 
Ian Abraham 
Ian Abraham 
Wire It Enterprises. LLC 
Liston Network Systems 
Liston Network Systems 
Liston Network Systems 
Liston Network Systems 
novamente LLC 
novamente LLC 
Caribbean Auto Mart 
Caribbean Auto Mart 
50% Deposit for the removal & replacement of At Unit 
nv.# 109275: Balance due on the removal & replacement of At Unit plus Thermostat 
nvoice # OO1:Remove & Replace Ceili-g tiles: Remove & Replace Sheetrodc 
nvoice # 001- A: Instal Foam. Close off window and replace ceding tiles an... 
nvoice # 003- A: Remove and replace ceiling & light fixtures in Kitchen 
nvoice # 003 -B: Remove and replace ceiling tile in office halway with painted 1/2 sheet 
odc 
Invoice # 004: Paint office 
New Rug for STC Office 
% Deposit on Painting of STC Office 
Desk for Fish Tank 
Invoice #1130:Lenovo Laptop 
Inv.M 10334: Printer 
(2) Replacement Drivers for Server 
Invoice # 1065: (2) Standby Drives for Server 
Invoice # 1060: New Server License 
Invoice # 1087: New Lenova Think Pad 
Sena Chair 
Inital deposit on purchase on ISP equipment Inital quote 256472.45 
Payment toward ISP equipment 
25% payment towards wifi & isp & tower 
Final Pay on ISP equipment and Tower 
Invoice # 01172014.001 - Scanner 
Inv.# 10469: Multi Function Printer 
Invoice # 1137 - Scanner 
Invoice # 11140 Scanner 
Inv. # 10487 - Xerox Printer 
50% Depsit for 20 surge protector devices for all the Offices 
Install Surge Protector to regualate the electricity in whole office and replace two ballast 
Balance due for 20 surge protector devices for all the Offices 
Electronic equiprnnet 
Deposit against Servier 
Invoice # 21311:Balance Due on New Server 
Invoice # 21313: Universal Rack for New Server 
Invoice # 1150: Smart UPS Power Back up Unit. Extended Battery Pack Unit & 4 Port 
Monitor. Keybo... 
Wye to dsuntrust bank 1000011778460 Artificial intellgence data anaylis software 
Deposit on Denali 
Caribbean Auto Mart final balance on Denai Invoice 7114 
Amount 
5.796 
5.805 
3.850 
1.495 
1.410 
1,750 
750 
6,144 
3,988 
30,987 
823 
1,499 
1698 
510 
650 
1.210 
1,665 
544 
8,599 
130.000 
2,400 
65,000 
91,120 
288,520 
1,250 
638 
1,250 
1,250 
849 
950 
1.350 
950 
25.000 
9.000 
9.351 
1.408 
1,090 
60,000 
30,000 
144,336 
25,000 
52,412 
77,412 
Total 
$ 549,854 
EFTA00809637

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809638.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 18, 2017 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
C/O Jeffrey Epstein & Darren Indyke 
6100 Red Hook Qtrs B-3 
St. Thomas, VI 00802-1348 
Account Number: 
This will confirm that in accordance with previous communications, with your Financial 
Advisor, Andrew Atlas, relating to your account, we have agreed that it would be in our 
mutual interests to terminate our current broker/client relationship. 
Accordingly, Morgan Stanley hereby requests that you please transfer your above 
referenced account to another brokerage firm within 30 calendar days of the date of this 
letter. In the event transfer instructions are not received within that time, the fully paid 
securities in your account will be registered in your name and shipped to you, with all 
associated costs being charged to your account. 
Please be advised that as of the date of this letter, Morgan Stanley will not permit the 
opening of new positions in this account. However, liquidations and/or the closing of 
positions will be permitted. 
Please direct any instructions or questions that you may have to my attention or to your 
Financial Advisor. 
Sincerely, 
Rachel Kaplan 
Vice President 
Complex Risk Officer 
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Member &PC 
CRC 1599213 (0916) 
EFTA00809638

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809639.pdf
----------------------------------------
ST. CROIX ITS king Street, Fredtriksted. VI 00840 
FAX 
ST. THOMAS 8000 Nisky Shopping Center, Suite 620, St Thomas, VI 00802 
FAX 
_,NITID e:t t af t 4 c;pil::
, 7 ) : i sit");: ric4 
www.USVIFOA.org 
November 19, 2018 
Via Electronic and Certified Mail 
Mrs. Cecile R. de Jongh 
Manager 
Southern Truct Comnanv. Inc. 
Re: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Dear Mrs. de Jongh: 
The Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission ("VIEDC") Division of Compliance completed 
a compliance report of Southern Trust Company, Inc. ("Southern Trust") for period February 1, 2013 
through December 31, 2017 
For the compliance period covering February I, 2013 through December 31, 2017 the VIEDC has 
determined that Southern Trust has complied with the Standard Conditions, Special Conditions and 
Reporting Requirements of its tax incentive Certificate. As of the completion date of this report, the 
Division of Compliance has not received a response from the Virgin Islands Department of Labor 
("VIDOL"). Upon receipt of compliance clearance from the VIDOL, the Division of Compliance will 
issue a compliance clearance letter to Southern Trust for the above mentioned compliance period. 
You may provide a response to this compliance report within 30 days of receipt of this correspondence. 
If we do not receive a response from you by this date, we will conclude that you arc in agreement with the 
compliance report findings. Quest' nns nr concerns renarrIng this 
shalthe_directed_to Claude S.M. 
Gerard, Director of Compliance at 
or email 
Claude S.M. Gerard 
Director of Compliance 
cc. 1Camal I. Latham, Chief Executive Officer, USVIEDA 
Wayne L. Biggs Jr., Assistant Chief Executive Officer, USVIEDA 
Sandra Bess, Compliance Officer 11, VIEDC 
Joy Penn, Senior Compliance Officer, VIEDC 
EFTA00809639
--- PAGE 2 ---
'Cor:3;1k TOe4t44314rWeirt Authority 
St. CROIX 116 king Sant Frederibted.11 ONO 
FAX 
St. THOMAS 8000 Nisky Shopping Coot Suits 620, St. Thomas. VI 00802. 
FIX 
WWW USWEDA.ORG 
CONFIDENTIAL 
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
As of December 31, 2017 
SUMMARY HIGHLIGHTS: 
o Southern Trust Co., Inc. was granted a tax incentive Certificate: commencement February 
1, 2013, termination January 31, 2023. This report covers the period: February I, 2013 to 
December 31, 2017. 
o Southern Trust Co., Inc. met the Certificate's investment requirement of not less than 
$400,000 after a requested extension was granted by the Board of Commissioners. 
o Capital Expenditures for the period: $549,853 of which 84% ($459,853) was procured 
locally. 
o Goods and Services for the period: $7,114,683 of which 15% ($1,091,766) was procured 
locally. 
o Southern Trust Co., Inc. met the tax incentive Certificate's full-time employment 
requirement of five (5) full-time employees within one year the Chairman signs the 
Certificate. 
o Southern Trust Co., Inc. met the tax incentive Certificate's employee statutory residency 
requirement as at least 80% of all employees and 20% of management, technical and 
supervisory positions are residents of the US Virgin Islands. 
o Southern Trust Co., Inc. met the Certificate's requirements of special condition numbers; 
one (charitable contributions), two ($2,500 annually to the Department of Labor), three 
($2,500 annually to the Territorial Scholarship Fund), four (100% employer paid medical 
and dental insurance coverage), five (minimum $50,000 employer paid term life 
insurance), six (Simple IRA or similar retirement plan), seven (paid vacation, personal 
emergency days, bereavement and medical leave), eight (management training program), 
nine (tuition reimbursement, employee training and continuing professional education), 
ten (leave to participate and represent the US Virgin Islands in athletic and sporting 
events), eleven (employee donated leave program), twelve (purchase insurance from 
resident insurance companies), thirteen ( purchase goods and services from US Virgin 
Islands as available to the greatest extent possible). 
o Southern Trust Co., Inc. complied with the statutory requirements of the Virgin Islands 
Economic Development Commission's procurement process. 
o Southern Trust Co., Inc. met the Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission's 
reporting requirements. 
EFTA00809640
--- PAGE 3 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
Title 29, Chapter 12 VIC, Section 715(a) states in part "upon proper application or reapplication, 
public hearing and in compliance with all other relevant provisions of this chapter pertaining to 
the grant of initial benefits, as determined and required by the Commission, any recipient of 
industrial development benefits (sic), may be granted an extension, modification, or renewal of 
benefits..." 
A Compliance Report is performed to substantiate the Beneficiary's performance with the terms 
of its contract with the Government of the Virgin Islands of the United States. The review 
includes compliance with the Virgin Islands Economic Development Program Law, all 
applicable local and federal laws, and program regulations to include the reporting requirements. 
HISTORY: 
On November 18, 2011, Financial Informatics, Inc. filed Articles of Incorporation with the 
Office of the Lieutenant Governor. On December 8, 201 I they were issued a Certificate of 
Incorporation authorizing them to conduct business in the Virgin Islands. On September 20, 
2012, Article 1 of Financial Informatics, Inc.'s articles of incorporation was amended to reflect a 
change of name too Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. specializes in the interpretation of biomedical and financial 
artificial intelligence and offers market intelligence to companies which operate in the financial, 
biomedical and pharmaceutical industries. Southern Trust Company Inc.'s primary goal is to 
become a successful competitor in the field of artificial intelligence concentrated in biomedical 
informatics and financial informatics algorithms and technology. They focus on data acquisitions 
and locating and establishing wide-ranging, all-inclusive biomedical and financial information 
databases on servers located in the US Virgin Islands. 
Southern Trust Co., Inc. was granted tax incentives to conduct the operation of a Category IIA 
designated financial services business, providing extensive DNA database and to develop a data-
mining platform► for the database to be available through the internet. Services include the 
development of financial and biomedical informatics. Information will be kept on servers located 
in the US Virgin Islands. All clients will be located outside the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
The grant of tax incentives is for a period of ten (10) years commencing and terminating as 
follows: 
COMMENCEMENT 
TERMINATION 
Income Truces 
90% 
February I, 2013 
January 31, 2023 
Gross Receipt Taxes 
100% 
February 1, 2013 
January 31, 2023 
Excise Taxes (Raw Materials) 
100% 
N/A 
N/A 
Excise Taxes (Equip., Mach.) 
100% 
February 1, 2013 
January 31, 2023 
Dividend Withholdings 
Interest Withholdings 
February 1, 2013 
February 1, 2013 
January 31, 2023 
January 31, 2023 
Real Property Tax 
100% 
N/A 
N/A 
Custom Duties 
CONFIDENTIAL 
N/A 
N/A 
I 
EFTA00809641
--- PAGE 4 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31.2017 
Southern Trust Company Inc. submitted an application for tax incentives which was presented at 
the Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission's Public Hearing on November 15, 2012 
and Commission meeting on January 23, 2013. The Governor of the US Virgin Islands approved 
the grant of benefits for Southern Trust, Inc. on May 31, 2013. An orientation meeting was 
conducted on February 19, 2014 with the Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission's 
("VIEDC") Director of Compliance and Compliance Officer along with legal counsel and 
principals of Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
As of December 31, 2017, Southern Trust Co., Inc. ("the Beneficiary") received four years, ten 
months of tax incentive benefits. 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. is solely owned by Mr. Jeffery E. Epstein. Mr. Epstein also 
owned former VIEDC Beneficiary Financial Trust Company, Inc. whose tax incentive 
Certificate commenced on April 1, 2009 with a termination date of December 31, 2014. By letter 
dated April 4, 2012, Financial Trust Company, Inc. requested and was granted a termination of 
its tax incentive Certificate effective March 23, 2013. 
INVESTMENT: 
"The Beneficiary shall invest in this business In the Virgin Islands of the United States not 
less than the amount of four hundred thousand dollars ($400,000) in the benefited business 
upon commencement of benefits and completing one (1) year thereafter." 
By letter dated November 12, 2013, the Beneficiary's legal counsel requested a one year 
extension until February 1, 2015, to meet the capital investment requirement. 
The VIEDC informed the Beneficiary by letter dated February 20, 20I4 that at the January 24, 
2014 decision meeting, the Board approved Southern Trust Company's petition and granted an 
extension of time for Southern Trust Company, Inc. to meet its capital investment by February I, 
2015. 
FINDINGS: 
The tax incentive Certificate required Southern Trust Co., Inc. to invest not less than $400,000 
commencing February 1, 2013 and completed one year thereafter — January 31, 2014. The 
Beneficiary's petition request to the VIEDC Board of Commissioners granted an extension to 
February 1, 2015. 
As of 2015, the Beneficiary invested a total of $539,722, meeting the Beneficiary's tax incentive 
Certificate's investment requirement as required by the extension granted by the VIEDC Board 
For the period covered by this report Southern Trust invested a cumulative total of $628,472, a 
total of $228,472 over the tax incentive Certificate's investment requirement. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
I P 
EFTA00809642
--- PAGE 5 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES: 
YEAR 
ELIGIBLE VI 
SUPPLIER 
VI 
SUPPLIER 
NON-VI 
SUPPLIER 
TOTAL 
2013 
S 
- 
S 
8,055 
S 
- 
S 
8,055 
2014 
227,637 
2,300 
60,000 
289,937 
2015 
155,132 
56,598 
30,000 
241.730 
2016 
- 
10,131 
- 
10.131 
2017 
- 
72,325 
6.294 
78,619 
CUMULATIVE 
TOTALS 
S 382,769 
S 149.409 
S 96,294 
S 628,472 
FINDINGS: 
SOUTHERN TRUST MANAGEMENT, INC. 
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE 
2013 - 2017 
Is% 
24% 
..------ 
6,
• f I ti 1,1(2 VI 4uppity 
• VI Suppyt-
• Non VI S•applie,
For the period 2013 to 2017, the Beneficiary reported procuring a total of $628,472 in capital 
expenditures. Of the total expenditures reported; 61% ($382,769) were purchases from Eligible 
Virgin Islands Suppliers for machinery and equipment and vehicles, 24% ($149,409) were 
purchases from VI Suppliers machinery/equipment and leasehold & improvements and 15% 
($77,084) from non-VI Suppliers for computer software. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
I 
. 
. 
EFTA00809643
--- PAGE 6 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
GOODS AND SERVICES: 
[ 
YEAR 
ELIGIBLE 
VI 
SUPPLIER 
VI 
SUPPLIER 
NON-VI 
SUPPLIER 
TOTAL 
2013 
$ 10,089 
$ 202,394 
$ 
771,461 
$ 
983,944 
2014 
38,978 
281,278 
1,895,365 
2,215,621 
2015 
76,611 
201,902 
2,058,586 
2,337,099 
2016 
82,529 
197,985 
1,297,505 
1,578,019 
2017 
93,940 
154,620 
1,428,992 
1,677.552 
CUMULATIVE 
TOTAL 
S 302,147 
S 1,038,179 
S 7,451,909 S 8,792,235 
FINDINGS: 
For the period February 1, 2013 to December 31, 2017, the Beneficiary reported procuring a total 
of $8,792,235 for goods and services. Purchases from non-Virgin Island suppliers totaled 
$7,451,909 (85%) of which the majority was spent on legal/accounting, advertising, supplies and 
insurance. Procurement from Virgin Island Suppliers was $1,038,179 (12%), of which the 
majority was spent on rent, utilities, legal/accounting and supplies. Purchases from Eligible 
suppliers totaled $302,147 (3%) of which the majority was spent on advertising, insurance, 
utilities, repairs and maintenance. 
SOUTHERN TRUST MANAGEMENT, INC. 
GOODS AND SERVICES 
2013 - 2017 
i
iiimil
s..\
12-`‘ 
'
-
S
LOCAL PROCUREMENT: 
• flqublell 
Suptiltv 
• VI 
a Non VI Supc4.ei 
In accordance with Division 7 of the Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission Rules 
and Regulations, the Beneficiary must comply with procurement procedures (Section 708-701 to 
708-713). 
CONFIDENTIAL 
I P a 2c 
EFTA00809644
--- PAGE 7 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
souTHERNTRUsT HANANGEMENT. INC. 
TOTAL PRocuPERNINT 
2013 - 2017 
100% 
90% 
30% 
70% 
60% 
mos 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
Cr. Exp 
Goods 3 Svos 
ONen-lecal 
• 91 
▪ 8101194 VI 
Suppler, 
224 
149 409 
erni 909 
038.1, 9 
332 709 
122.147 
FINDINGS: 
For the period February 1, 2013 to December 31, 2017, the Beneficiary expended a total of 
$9,420,707 for capital expenditure and goods and services. A total of $7,548,203 (80%) was 
expended to non-Local Suppliers, of these purchases the majority was spent on legal/accounting, 
advertising and computer software. Purchases made from Virgin Island Suppliers totaled 
S1,187,588 (13%) of which the majority was spent on utilities, rent and machinery/equipment. A 
total of $684,916 (7%) was expended with eligible suppliers, of these purchases the majority was 
spent on machinery/equipment, vehicles and legal/accounting. 
In accordance with the VIEDC Rules and Regulations, Section 708-709 the Beneficiary was 
required to provide proof of soliciting goods and services on a competitive basis for a single 
purchase exceeding S25,000, unless the good or service is deemed an exempt procurement 
as stated in section 708-706. 
• 
For the period covered by this report, the Beneficiary's purchases for ISP equipment, 
computer software, a vehicle, and machinery/equipment exceeded $25,000. 
The purchase for ISP equipment, a vehicle and machinery/equipment were made with 
Eligible VI Suppliers, and therefore deemed exempt. The computer software was also 
exempt as the specialized software required by the Beneficiary is not available in the 
United States Virgin Islands. 
EMPLOYMENT: 
"The Beneficiary will employ a minimum of five (5) full-time employees within one year 
from the date the Chairman signs its Certificate, and an additional five (5) full-time 
employees by the end of the sixth (6th) year of operation. The Beneficiary was granted a 
50% resident employment waiver for the first five (5) years of operation and to require the 
CONFIDENTIAL 
I t' 
EFTA00809645
--- PAGE 8 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
following: The Beneficiary will contribute two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500) 
annually to the Territorial Scholarship Fund, administered by the Board of Education, for 
each non-resident that causes it not to meet the 80% requirement. Southern Trust will also 
exhaust all recruitment options available but not limited to the University of the Virgin 
Islands and then Department of Labor." 
VIEDC Rules and Regulations Section 708-605 define full-time employees or employment as 
"employment, on a permanent and continuous basis, for thirty-two (32) hours or more per week". 
FINDINGS: 
The Chairman of the VIEDC Board signed the tax incentive Certificate on February 5, 2014. 
YEAR 
TOTAL 
AVERAGE 
FULL TIME 
AVERAGE 
V.I. RES. 
AVERAGE 
% V.I. Res. 
AVERAGE 
MGMT. 
20% 
V.I. MGMT 
2013 
100% 
1009'. 
2014 
91% 
100% 
2015 
100% 
100% 
2016 
100% 
100% 
2017 
949: 
100% 
For the period 2013 to 2017, the Beneficiary employed an average of seven (7) to nine (9) full-
time employees. They met the tax incentive Certificate's requirement of five (5) full-time 
employees within one year from the date the Chairman signed the certificate. Although granted a 
50% resident employment waiver for the first five (5) years of operation, the Beneficiary met the 
statutory requirement of 80% of all employees being residents of the Virgin Islands, with no less 
than 20% in the area of management, supervisory and/or technical positions. 
STANDARD CONDITION: 
Beneficiary shall maintain payroll accounts, from which local employees are paid, in a 
bank licensed and conducting business in the United States Virgin Islands, in compliance 
with 1992 V.I. Sess. Laws 5768. 
• 
The Beneficiary confirmed that a payroll account from which employees are paid 
is maintained at FirstBank VI. First Bank is licensed and conducting business in 
the US Virgin Islands. 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS: 
1. Beneficiary will make a minimum charitable contribution of fifty thousand dollars 
(550,000) annually. The Beneficiary will donate three thousand dollars (0,000) 
annually to the Territorial Scholarship Fund pursuant to 2006 V.I. Sess. Laws 6842. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00809646
--- PAGE 9 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
Additionally, the Beneficiary will donate 50% of its annual charitable contribution 
to public school program and initiatives pursuant to 29 V.I.C. § 708(m). 
REQUIRED BY 
TAX INCENTIVE CERTIFICATE 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
PUBLIC SCHOOL PROGRAMS 
AND INITIATIVES 
525,000 
S 56.000 
S 55,696 
S 34,620 
S 25,000 
S 25,000 
CHARITABLE 
CONTRIBUTION 
S 22,000 
40,924 
31,310 
16,880 
28,250 
26,200 
TERRITORIAL 
SCHOLARSHIP FUND 
S 3,000 
-0- 
6,000' 
3.000 
3.000 
3,000 
ANNUAL BENEFICIARY CONTRIBUTIONS 
ININIAIUm FtE0UIREMENT - SS0,0B0 
VARIANCE (OVER/SHORT) 
S 96.924 
S 93.006 
S 54,500 
S 56,250 
S 54,200 
S 46,924 
S 43,006 
S 
4.500 
S 6,250 
S 4,200 
The tax incentive Certificate required Southern Trust Company, Inc. to make annual 
contributions of $50,000; total contributions of $250,000 for the period January I, 2013 
to December 31, 2017. 
• The Beneficiary provided documentation to substantiate contributions made in 
2013 totaling $96,624. Of the total: $56,000 was given to VI Department of 
Education, and $40,924 to charitable contributions which include the University 
of the Virgin Islands, Community Foundation of the Virgin Islands, Zero 
Tolerance Basketball Org. Inc., and the St. Thomas Reformed Church. 
■ 
The Beneficiary provided documentation to substantiate contributions made in 
2014 totaling $93,006. Of the total: $35,696 was directed to public school 
program and initiatives for the STEM Fair, and $10,000 Science and Math 
scholarships to one student of the Charlotte Amalie and one from the Ivanna 
Eudora Kean High School. Contributions to charitable organizations in the 
amount $31,310 were given to organizations such as Humane Society of St. 
Thomas, Antilles School, Community Foundation of the VI. The Beneficiary also 
made a contribution of S6,000 to the Territorial Scholarship Fund, which included 
a contribution of $3,000 not made in 2013. 
• 
The Beneficiary provided documentation to substantiate contributions made in 
2015 totaling $54,500. Of the total: $34,620 was directed to public school 
program and initiatives for the Ivanna Eudora Kean High School's Dancing 
Classroom and Junior Achievement US Virgin Islands, and Computers for public 
schools through the Board of Education. Contributions to charitable organizations 
in the amount $16,880 were given to organizations such as My Brothers 
Workshop, Humane Society of St. Thomas, Antilles School, and Community 
Foundation of the VI. The Beneficiary also made a contribution of $3,000 to the 
Territorial Scholarship Fund. 
2013 and 2014 Territorial Scholarship Fund conmlution. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
8:I 
EFTA00809647
--- PAGE 10 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
• The Beneficiary provided documentation to substantiate contributions totaling 
$56,250 made in 2016. Contributions to public school programs and initiatives in 
the amount $25,000 was given to the Community Foundation of the VI and the VI 
Chapter of the Organization of Black Aerospace Professionals. Charitable 
Organizations such as Lutheran Social Services, Antilles School, Inc, Community 
Foundation of the VI and the Harmonic Lodge were given a total of $28,250. The 
Beneficiary also made a contribution of $3,000 to the Territorial Scholarship 
Fund. 
• The Beneficiary provided documentation to substantiate contributions totaling 
S51,200 made in 2017. Contributions to the public school and initiatives in the 
amount $25,000 was given to the Department of Planning & natural Resources —
library Revolving Fund. Charitable organizations such as Lutheran Social 
Services of the V.I., St. Thomas Rescue, Inc., Community Foundation and Wesley 
Methodist Church were given a total of $26,200. The Beneficiary also made a 
contribution of $3,000 to the Territorial Scholarship Fund. 
The tax incentive Certificate required the Beneficiary to make a minimum of 
$250,000 in charitable contributions. For the period covered by this report the 
Beneficiary contributed $354,880; a total of $104,880 over the tax incentive 
Certificate's requirement. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
2. Beneficiary will contribute two thousand five hundred ($2,500) annually to the 
Department of Labor, to be managed in collaboration with the USVIEDA, for the 
creation, development, management, and maintenance of a database designed to 
recruit Virgin Islanders living abroad who desire to move back to the US Virgin 
Islands, pursuant to 2011 VI Sess. Laws 7301, as applicable. 
• 
The Beneficiary provided documentation to substantiate contributions made in 
2014 totaling $5,000 to the VI Department of Labor for the years 2013 and 2014. 
• The Beneficiary provided documentation to substantiate a contribution of $2,500 
to the Department of Labor for the year 2015. 
• 
The Beneficiary provided documentation to substantiate a contribution of $2,500 
to the Department of Labor for the year 2016. 
• The Beneficiary provided documentation to substantiate a contribution of $2,500 
to the Department of Labor for the year 2017. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00809648
--- PAGE 11 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
3. The Beneficiary will contribute two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500) annually 
to the Territorial Scholarship Fund administered by the Board of Education for 
each non-resident that causes it not to meet the 80% requirement. Southern Trust 
will also exhaust all recruitment options available but not limited to the University 
of the Virgin Islands and the Department of Labor. 
• For the period 2013 to December 2017, and as shown in the employment chart, 
the Beneficiary's employee recruitment did not fall below the tax incentive 
Certificate's residency requirement of 80% and therefore was not required to 
make annual contributions in the amount of $2,500 to the Territorial Scholarship 
Fund. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
4. The Beneficiary will provide its full-time employees and dependent with one 
hundred percent (100%) employer paid medical and dental insurance coverage. 
The employee handbook provided by the Beneficiary states that all full-time employees 
become eligible to participate in Southern Trust Company's group health plan on the first 
day of the month following one day of employment and satisfaction of any eligibility or 
other requirements of the group health insurance policy in effect at the time. The 
Beneficiary provides its full-time employees and their dependents with 100% employer-
paid medical and dental insurance coverage. 
• 
The Beneficiary provided a copy of health and dental insurance coverage 
provided by United HealthCare to seven employees. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
5. The Beneficiary will provide each eligible full-time employee with a minimum of 
fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) employer paid term life insurance. 
The employee handbook provided by the Beneficiary states that Southern Trust Company 
provides life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance to all full-time 
employees in the amount of $50,000 of employer-paid term life insurance after one day 
of employment. 
• 
The Beneficiary provided a copy of United HealthCare's life insurance coverage 
in the amount of S50,000 provided to seven employees from 2013 and 2014. 
• 
For the years 2015 to 2017 employees were provided employer paid term life 
insurance coverage in the amount of $100,000. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
101 P 
EFTA00809649
--- PAGE 12 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
6. The Beneficiary will provide its employees with a Simple IRA or similar retirement 
plan. The employee participant may make monthly salary deferrals. The 
Beneficiary will make a matching contribution equal to 100% of the employee's 
elective deferral up to a limit of 3% of annual compensation. 
The Beneficiary employee handbook provided to substantiate the SIMPLE IRA or 
retirement plan states that Southern Trust Company has an established Simple IRA 
Retirement Plan in which eligible employee can participate after one day of employment. 
Employee participants may make monthly salary deferrals. Southern Trust Company 
makes a matching contribution equal to 100% of the employee's elective deferral up to a 
limit of 3% annual contribution. 
The Beneficiary also provided the copy of an American Funds Simple IRA Adoption 
Agreement serviced by Shelley Moorhead of Seslia Securities, St. Thomas, Virgin 
Islands. The plan originally created July 1, 2001 was amended and restated on April I, 
2013. The plan's employer contributions states, a matching contribution equal to 100% 
of elective deferrals up to a limit of 3% of compensation for the calendar year. The plan 
also allowed for Rights of Accumulation from Financial Trust Company. 
• 
For the period 2013 to 2016, the Beneficiary provided documentation showing 
annual employee contributions for full-time employees except Mr. Jeffrey 
Epstein. 
• 
For the year 2017, the Beneficiary provided documentation showing annual 
employee contributions for full-time employees except Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, 
Cashkim Z. Bussue, and 
. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
7. The Beneficiary will provide its employees with a minimum of two (2) weeks paid 
vacation during the first year of employment, three (3) weeks paid vacation up to 
five years (5) years of employment and four (4) weeks paid vacation after five (5) 
years of employment. The Beneficiary will also provide its employees with two (2) 
paid personal days and fifteen (15) paid holidays annually. The Beneficiary will 
provide up to five (5) personal emergency days and five (5) days bereavement leave. 
Under medical leave policy, full-time employees may have the financial protection of 
full pay for up to 26 weeks. The Beneficiary will offer fully paid and unpaid medical 
leave dependent upon a number of factors. 
The Beneficiary provided the copy of an employee handbook which states; paid time off 
"PTO" is any time taken from work that is not mandatory; jury duty, bereavement leave, 
or any paid company holiday. PTO can be taken in weeks, days or half days, depending 
on business requirements. A manager's approval is required before PTO can be taken. 
Every full-time employee regularly scheduled to work thirty-two or more hours per week 
is eligible for PTO each calendar year. Each full-time employee will accrue PTO every 
pay period in hourly increments with the total prorated over a I2-month period. Accrued 
CONFIDENTIAL 
IIIP age 
EFTA00809650
--- PAGE 13 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
hours will be added to the employee's PTO account and subtracted when used. PTO is 
accrued based on a 40-hour work week and prorated based on the number of hours 
worked. During the first calendar year if hired before July 1, an employee is eligible for 
two weeks of vacation. If hired on or after July 1, an employee is eligible for three weeks 
per year. After five years of service, employees are eligible for four weeks of vacation. 
PTO must be used in the calendar year it is accrued and generally not permitted to 
carryover. 
Southern Trust Company provides personal days which can be used for religious 
observances or other personal matters. All full-time employees are eligible for two paid 
personal days each calendar year. Personal days can be taken at any time during the 
calendar year provided that the time is scheduled in advance with the employee's 
manager. Unused personal days cannot be carried into the next calendar year nor paid 
when an employee leaves Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Holidays observed by Southern Trust Company, Inc.: 
New Year's Day 
Good Friday 
Memorial Day 
Labor Day 
Friday after Thanksgiving 
Christmas Day 
Boxing Day 
Martin Luther King Day 
Easter Monday 
VI Emancipation Day 
Veteran's Day 
Presidents' Day 
Carnival Parade 
Independence Day 
Thanksgiving Day 
Christmas Eve Day 
New Year's Eve 
Full-time employees are paid for a full eight hour workday on such holidays. Holidays 
falling on a Saturday or Sunday arc observed the preceding Friday or following Monday 
as directed by management. 
The employee handbook states Southern Trust Company provides full-time employees 
with five days of bereavement leave on a rolling I2-month period, after completing three 
months of service, when a member of an employee's immediate dies. An immediate 
family member includes an employee's spouse, or domestic partner, child, or a child for 
whom an employee serves in the role of a parent, parent or someone who served in the 
role of a parent when the employee was a child, parent-in-law, brother or sister, and a 
relative who is a member of the employee's household. 
To help cope with a sudden personal or family emergency, resolve problems with 
childcare, or respond to a household emergency, the Beneficiary provides full-time 
employees with up to five days of personal days in a 12-month period. Full-time 
employees are eligible to request personal emergency days after completing three months 
of service. 
• 
At site visit conducted on September 28, 2018, the Beneficiary provided 
documentation to substantiate the recording of employee's paid time off. 
The Beneficiary's compliance contact stated that in 2013, the employees 
transferred from former VIEDC Beneficiary Financial Trust Company, Inc. were 
allowed to carry over their excess vacation time to be used by March 31, 2013. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
121 P
EFTA00809651
--- PAGE 14 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
The transferred employees' annual leave allotment was then reset based on years 
of service. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
8. The Beneficiary will comply with the management training program as approved by 
the Commission in Resolution no. 006-2011 approved February 25, 2011. 
At the time of application the Beneficiary stated; recruitment to management trainee roles 
is open to all qualified members. A process will be followed to identify and appoint those 
individuals who display the attributes and competencies required to achieve their 
expected potential through the acquisition of a core set of transferable skills and 
professional competencies. 
Approval for management trainee positions will be through a process conducted by the 
President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). The President and CEO will construct a 
"business case" and have final approval prior to proceeding with recruitment. This will 
allow for a consistent approach towards future development and training as well as 
ensure compliance with employment laws. 
The Beneficiary's employee handbook lacked information about a management program 
available to employees. 
• 
The Beneficiary's compliance response letter dated September 4, 2018 stated that 
Daphne Wallace participated in the Company's management training program. 
For the period covered by this report; quarter ending March 2013 to December 31, 
2013 - Daphne Blyden Wallace's position was listed as Personal Administrative 
Assistant/ Accountant. As of quarter ending March 2014 to December 2017, her 
position was listed as Executive Assistant. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
9. The Beneficiary will provide its employees tuition reimbursement, employee 
training and continuing professional education courses for programs related to an 
employee's job function and approved by management. The maximum assistance to 
be provided to an eligible employee during a calendar year is five thousand ($5,000) 
on the grade achieved with 100% for an "A"; 75% for a "B"; and 50% for a "C." 
The employee handbook provided by the Beneficiary states; they value education and a 
strong, knowledgeable workforce and as such provide tuition assistance to qualified 
employees and dependents with a maximum of five thousand two hundred dollars per 
calendar year. To be eligible an employee must be in a regular, full-time, non-temporary 
position and completed the school's admission requirements. Employees must provide 
CONFIDENTIAL 
I" 
EFTA00809652
--- PAGE 15 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
proof of a passing grade (C or better) at the end of the course. If a passing grade is not 
obtained, tuition assistance for the next semester immediately following may be withheld. 
• 
The Beneficiary's compliance response letter to the VIEDC dated September 4, 
2038 stated the following employees were provided tuition reimbursement, 
employee training, or professional training: 
I. Jeanne Brennan 
3. Cecile de Jongh 
5. Anna Rodriguez 
7. Sophia Mwaura 
2. Lucas Pascal 
4. Una Pascal 
6. Daphne Wallace 
The Beneficiary met the requirement of this special condition. 
10. The Beneficiary will provide its employees with additional leave from work, other 
than time applied to their annual leave, to participate and represent the Virgin 
Islands in athletic and sporting events in accordance with 29 V.I.C. § 708(p). 
• 
The Beneficiary's compliance response letter dated September 4, 2018 stated that 
for the period covered by this report no employee of Southern Trust Company, 
Inc. requested leave to participate and represent the US Virgin Islands in sporting 
events. 
The Beneficiary's employee handbook did not state they provide employees with 
additional leave from work, other than time applied to annual leave to participate and 
represent the Virgin Islands in athletic and sporting events in accordance with 29 
V.I.C. § 708(p). The employee handbook states however, paid time off "PTO" is any 
time taken from work that is not mandatory; jury duty, bereavement leave, or any 
paid company holiday. PTO can be taken in weeks, days or half days, depending on 
business requirements. A manager's approval is required before PTO can be taken. 
The Beneficiary met the requirement of this special condition. 
11. The Beneficiary will establish and maintain a donated leave program similar to the 
program established under 3 V.I.C. §583b, in accordance with 29 V.I.C. § 708(s). 
The Beneficiary provided a copy of the employee handbook which states; in addition to 
the fully paid medical and unpaid medical leave, any full-time employee shall be eligible 
to receive donated sick or annual leave from the employee leave pool "ELP" which 
Southern Trust Company shall make available to an employee; 
o who has completed at least one year of continuous employment; 
CONFIDENTIAL 
141 
EFTA00809653
--- PAGE 16 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
o is suffering from a serious health condition or the employee is the primary 
care giver of a spouse, child, parent or any individual who is a legal dependent 
of the employee with a serious health condition, who is expected to require a 
prolonged absence from work by the employer, and 
o has exhausted all sick, annual paid time off and fully paid medical leave while 
absent on approved sick leave. 
• 
At site visit conducted on September 28, 2018, the Beneficiary provided 
documentation to substantiate an established and maintained employee donated 
leave program. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
12. The Beneficiary will require all contractors to purchase insurance from resident 
insurance companies, agents, or brokers licensed to operate in the territory in 
accordance with 29 V.I.C. § 708(r). 
• 
The Beneficiary provided documentation showing health and life insurance 
purchased from Marshal & Sterling hie, d/b/a Theodore Tunick and Company, an 
Eligible Supplier licensed broker, in good standing under the laws of the US 
Virgin Islands. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
13. 1n accordance with and subject to 29 V.I.C. § 708(h) and applicable Commission 
Rules and Regulation with regard to the Eligible Supplier Program, the Beneficiary 
will purchase all goods and services from US Virgin Islands entitles duly licensed 
and in good standing under the laws of the Virgin Islands, as available, to the 
greatest extent possible. 
• For the period February 1, 2013 to December 31, 2016, the Beneficiary reported 
total procurement of $7,664,536. A total of S960,643 (12%) from Virgin Islands 
Suppliers and $590,976 (8%) from VI Eligible suppliers. The remaining 
procurement included the purchase of specialized computer programs and 
equipment. 
The Beneficiary met the requirements of this special condition. 
SPECIFICALLY EXCLUDED TRADE OF BUSINESS: 
U.S. Virgin Islands clients are specifically excluded from tax benefits. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
151 I' .1 u 
EFTA00809654
--- PAGE 17 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
• The Beneficiary confirmed that for the period of covered by this report, gross 
receipt exemptions were taken exclusively from clients outside the US Virgin 
Islands. 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS: 
VIEDC Annual Report: 
Current 
Income Tax Return / 
Audited Financial Statements 
Current 
Lt. Governor's Annual Report: 
Current 
VIESA Report: 
Current 
Affidavit of VIEDC Beneficiary: 
Current 
VIEDC Publication Notices 
Current 
FINDING: 
Southern Trust Co., Inc. met the reporting requirements in accordance with the VIEDC Rules 
and Regulations, section 716-6. 
FINANCIAL ANALYSIS REVIEW: 
YEARS 
AL 
ANNUAL
NET 
AGGREGATE 
% 
CHANGE 
2013 
50,227,528 
2014 
67,529,822 
117,757,350 
34.45% 
2015 
52,793,729 
170,551,079 
(21.82%) 
2016 
4,751,300 
175,302,379 
(91.00%1 
259.03% 
2017 
17,058,555 
192,360,934 
100.00% 
AVERAGE 
ORDINARY 
INCOME 
$38,472,187 
$655,971,742 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. cost benefit analysis reflects a ratio of 1:11. The Virgin Islands 
Economic Development Commission granted tax exemptions to Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
totaling about $73,600,000 for the period January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2017. For every 
$100,000 in tax revenues forgone, the territory of the United States Virgin Islands received 
approximately $22,200 in economic output and $10,500 was added to the Gross Total Product 
(GTP). 
CONFIDENTIAL 
16I h, 
EFTA00809655
--- PAGE 18 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
As of December 31, 2017 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. elected to file its income tax as an S-corporation, which elects to 
pass corporate income, losses, deductions and credits through to its sole shareholder for tax 
purposes. Shareholders of S-corporations report the flow-through of income and losses on their 
personal tax returns and are assessed at the individual income tax rate. For the period 2013 to 
2017 Mr. Epstein's income tax exemption approximated $71,328,241. 
STOCKHOLDERS INTEREST: 
From the submission of its VIEDC application to the completion of this compliance report, 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. is solely owned by Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein. 
OTHER FINDINGS: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. is a tenant at the American Yacht Harbor, located in Red Hook, 
St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein is a passive investor in IGY-AYH St. 
Thomas, LLL d/b/a American Yacht Harbor. 
By letter dated September 5, 2018, The Division of Banking, Insurance and Financial Regulation 
stated that Southern Trust Company, Inc. is not registered to transact securities business in the 
U.S. Virgin Islands. 
CONCLUSION: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc, VIEDC Beneficiary; 
I. Granted ten years of tax incentives which commenced on February 1, 2013 and will 
terminate on January 31, 2023. Received four years of tax incentives, as of December 31, 
2017. 
2. Met the tax incentive Certificate's investment requirement of $400,000. 
3. Met the tax incentive Certificate's full-time employment requirement of five full-time 
employees. Met the statutory requirements as at least 80% of all employees are residents 
of the US Virgin Islands and 20% of management, technical and supervisory positions 
are held by residents of the US Virgin Islands. 
4. Complied with the tax incentive Certificate's standard conditions. 
5. Complied with the procurement requirements in accordance with the VIEDC Rules and 
Regulations 708-701 through 708-713. 
6. Met the tax incentive Certificate's requirements of special condition numbers; one 
(charitable contributions), two ($2,500 annually to the Department of Labor), three 
CONFIDENTIAL 
171I' 
EFTA00809656
--- PAGE 19 ---
COMPLIANCE REPORT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY. INC. 
As of December 3I. 7017 
(52,500 annually to the Territorial Scholarship fund for non-compliance with the 80% 
residency requirement), four (100% employer paid dental insurance and dependent 
coverage), five (minimum 550,000 employer paid term life insurance), six (Simple IRA 
or similar retirement), seven (paid vacation, 2 paid personal days and fifteen paid 
holidays annually), eight (management training), nine (tuition reimbursement), len 
(leave to participate and represent the US Virgin Islands in athletic and sporting events), 
eleven (donated leave program), twelve (purchase insurance from resident insurance 
companies), thirteen (purchase goods and services from US Virgin Islands as available 
to the greatest extent possible). 
7. Complied with the VIEDC's reporting requirements (VIEDC Rules and Regulations 
section 716-6). 
November 15, 2018 
Completed by: 
Reviewed by: 
Submitted by: 
Claude S. M. Gerard 
Director of Compliance 
Sandra Bess 
CompliancF Officer II 
iggs, Jr. 
Assistant Chief Executive Officer 
CONFIDENTIAL 
181 i 
EFTA00809657

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809658.pdf
----------------------------------------
Statement 
MCA 
Date 
1450 BRICKEI.I. AVE 
STE 2120 
MIAMI, [I. 33131 
Project: 
I.S.Iti. 1.11' 
Ti2/20I8 
Phase II: Master Concept Design 
Date 
Team Member/Consultants 
Contract Amount 
Progress Amount... 
10/31/2017 
liability tot ward 
(1.00 
201724-1.Si & OSJ-
12/07720 I 7 
INV #207. Due 01/26/2018. 
47.760.00 
47,760.00 
12/07/2017 
PMT 
-47.760.00 
0.00 
12/07/2017 
PMT 
0.00 
0.00 
02/092018 
INV #250. Due 12/07/2017. 
31.540.00 
31.840.00 
02M5/2018 
INV 8251. Due 02/05/2018. 
11,900.00 
143.740.00 
02/07/2018 
('MT 
-150,000.00 
-6,260.00 
04/12/2018 
INV #274. Due 04/18/20114. 
4,645.27 
-1.614.73 
04/12/2018 
PMT 
-4.645.27 
-6,260.00 
05/16/2018 
INV #288. Due 05/16/2018. 
72,856.00 
(A.596.00 
05/16/2018 
INV #289. Due 0916/2018. 
3.703.51 
70,299.51 
06/01/2018 
tREDMEM #297. 
-42,000.00 
28,299.51 
06/14/2018 
CIIK //REFUND. LANDSCAPE ARCHITECT 
42.000.00 
70,299.51 
06/29/2018 
INV 4293. Due 06/29/2018. 
41,632.1)(1 
111.931.51 
07/02/2018 
INV #295. Due 07/02/2018. 
13,902.50 
1252134.01 
07/02/2018 
(REDMEM 9298. 
-7,452.ou 
118,382.01 
CURRENT 
1.30 DAYS PAST 
DUE 
31-60 DAYS PAST 
DUE 
81.90 DAYS PAST 
DUE 
OVER 90 DAYS 
PAST DUE 
Amount Due 
13902.50 
41,632.00 
62,847.51 
0.00 
0.00 
SI 18,382.01 
EFTA00809658
--- PAGE 2 ---
-2ADYC 
1450 BRICKELL AVE 
STE 2120 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
BM To 
LSJE, LLC 
Item 
Description 
Design Fees 
ARCHITECTURE (65% PROGRESS) 
- CONCEPTUAL DIAGRAMS - CONCEPT 
DESCRIPTION - CONCEPT SKETCHES -
- ILLUSTRATIVE SITE PLAN FOR ALL STRUCTURES • 
CIRCULATION DIAGRAMS ON ALL LEVELS 
- SCHEMATIC FLOOR PLANS INCLUDING 
CIRCULATION CONCEPTS -SCHEMATIC 
ELEVATIONS, SECTIONS 
- 3D RENDERING VIEWS PREPARED IN-HOUSE • 
CONCEPT DESIGN REPORT 
INVOICE 
Date 
Invoice # 
5/16/2018 
288 
Project 
201724-LSJ & GSJ 
Rate 
Amount 
208.160.00 
72,856.00 
Total 
$72,856.00 
EFTA00809659
--- PAGE 3 ---
-2 ADYCA 
1450 BRICKELL AVE 
STE 2120 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
BM To 
LSJE, LLC 
INVOICE 
Invoice # 
IL 
511612018 
511612o18 
289 
Project 
201724-LSJ & GSJ 
Item 
Description 
Rate 
Amount 
Travel Expenses 
TRAVEL EXPENSES MAY 29TH -JUNE 1ST 
TRIP CANCELED BY OWNER AFTER PURCHASING 
CONFIRMATION 
3,703.51 
3,703.51 
Total 
$3,703.51 
EFTA00809660
--- PAGE 4 ---
ADYCA 
1450 BRICKELL AVE 
STE 2120 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
BM To 
LSJE. LLC 
INVOICE 
Date 
Invoice # 
6/29/2018 
293 
Project 
201724-ISJ & GSJ 
Item 
Description 
Rate 
Amount 
)esiee Fees 
ARCHITECTURE (85% PROGRESS) 
- CONCEPTUAL DIAGRAMS - CONCEPT 
DESCRIPTION - CONCEPT SKETCHES-
- ILLUSTRATIVE SITE PLAN FOR ALL STRUCTURES -
CIRCULATION DIAGRAMS ON ALL LEVELS 
• SCHEMATIC FLOOR PLANS INCLUDING 
CIRCULATION CONCEPTS -SCHEMATIC 
ELEVATIONS. SECTIONS 
• 3D RENDERING VIEWS PREPARED IN-HOUSE -
CONCEPT DESIGN REPORT 
298.160.00 
Total 
41.632 00 
$41,632.00 
EFTA00809661
--- PAGE 5 ---
MCA 
1450 BRICKELL AVE 
STE 2120 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
Customer 
LSJE. LLC 
Credit Memo 
Date 
Credit No 
7i2.20Itt 
2.SX 
201724-LSJ & C41 
Description 
Rate 
Amount 
CIVIL 
• SITE ANALYSIS FOR ROADWAY. STORM WATER AND UTILITIES • 
ROADWAY MASTER PLANNING 
- STORM WATER MASTER PLANNING - UTILITY MASTER PLANNING 
2O40.00 
-7.452.00 
Total 
-S7.452.00 
Invoices 
60.00 
Balance Credit 
47.452.00 
EFTA00809662
--- PAGE 6 ---
A3NICA 
1450 BRICKELL AVE 
STE 2120 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
Bill To 
LSJE. LLC 
INVOICE 
Date 
Invoice # 
7/2/2018 
295 
Project 
201724•LSJ & GSJ 
Item 
Description 
Rate 
Amount 
Desing Fees 
ADDITIONAL SERVICES 
ADDITIONAL DESIGN SERVICES FOR LITTLE ST 
JAMES CABANAS FURNITURE 
AS PER ATTACHED TIMESHEET 
13,902.50 
13,902.50 
Total 
$13,902.50 
EFTA00809663
--- PAGE 7 ---
RADYCA 
ADDITIONA I. SF:RVICES I,ITTI.E S r. JAMES • CABANAS El; RN I KID: 
HOURS 
DESCRIPTION OF sEitvICEs 
03/28/18 
AD 
telephone conversation with Karynu to coordinate Cabanas initial presentation 
0.25 
04/11/18 
AD 
Initial Furniture presentation of Cabanas 
16.0 
04/11/18 
DS 
3D hand sketches 
4.0 
04/16/18 
AD 
Revised furniture presentation (incorporating client's images) 
8.0 
04/17/18 
AD 
Furniture mood images send to Client 
4.0 
04/17/18 
PR 
Furniture mood images send to client 
4.0 
05/01/18 
AD 
Research ol' Furniture that will be in stock for immediate delivery. Put together Furniture budget. 
8.0 
05/03/18 
And send furniture details as requested by Mr. Epstein (retail prices. brads) 
05/08/18 
AT 
Communication with Bali vendors to coordinate shipment to St. Thomas of purchased items by Karyna in I 
8.0 
05/11/18 
AU 
Furniture Showrooms visit: May I Oh, From 
Opm 
8.0 
FEE SUMMARY 
EFFECTIVE RATE 
AMOUNT 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS 
PR-PRESIDENT 
5450.00 
$1,800.00 
AD- ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR 
44.25 
$250.00 
Si I,062.50 
DS- DESIGNER 
5100.00 
$400.00 
AT- ADMISNISTRATIVE 
$80.00 
$640.00 
TOTAL AMOUNT DUE Ill* INVOICE 
S t 1,902.50 
INVOICE DUE UPON RECEIPT 
EFTA00809664

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809665.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
CASE NO: 
502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff(s), 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individu 
DLEY 
J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
individually, 
Defendant(s). 
SUBPOENA FOR DEPOSITION DUCES TECUM 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Roy Black, Esquire 
Black, Srebnick Kornspan and Strumpf, P.A. 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard, #1300 
Miami, FL 33131 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to take 
depositions at the offices of undersigned counsel on October 6, 2017, at 3:30 p.m., for the taking 
of your deposition in this action. 
You are to have with you at the above place and time the 
following: 
DUCES TECUM: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing and prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
EFTA00809665
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena Duces Tecum for Deposition 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of Court. 
You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney and unless excused from this 
subpoena by this attorney or the Court, you shall respond to this subpoena as directed. 
DATED this  I  day of 
JAC 
OLA 
On eha of the Court 
Fl 
ar No.: 169440 
S a y Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
omeys or ra ey 
wards 
EFTA00809666

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809667.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
CASE NO: 
502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individual!
J. EDWARDS, individually, and M., 
individually, 
Defendant(s). 
SUBPOENA FOR DEPOSITION DUCES TECUM 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Esquire 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 2100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to take 
depositions at the offices of undersigned counsel on October 10, 2017, at 1:00 p.m., for the taking 
of your deposition in this action. 
You are to have with you at the above place and time the 
following: 
DUCES TECUM: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing and prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
EFTA00809667
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena Duces Tecum for Deposition 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (II) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of Court. 
You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney and unless excused from this 
subpoena by this attorney or the Court, you shall respond to this subpoena as directed. 
\C
DATED this `day
of 
JAC 
LA 
On 
the Court 
No.: 169440 
y Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
33409 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00809668

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809669.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
(Severed Claim; Epstein v. Rothstein) 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, et al., 
Defendants. 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
(Mail in Subpoena) 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA TO: 
TO: 
United States of America 
do United States Attorney's Office 
500 South Australian Avenue, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at Link & Rockenbach, P.A., 1555 Palm Beach 
Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930, West Palm Beach, Florida, on November 16, 2018, at 9:00 a.m. and 
to have with you at that time and place the following: 
All e-mail communications that include both Bradley J. 
Edwards 
and Scott J. Rothstein 
, as either a sender ("from") or 
recipient ("to," "cc," or "bcc"), for the period of March 1, 2009, 
through November 30, 2009, obtained from the e-mail servers of 
the Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & Adler firm during the United 
States' investigation of Scott Rothstein, including in the matter 
of United States of America v. Scott W. Rothstein, U.S. District 
Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 09-60331-CR-
COHN. 
These items will be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be required to 
surrender the original items. You may comply with this Subpoena by providing legible copies of 
EFTA00809669
--- PAGE 2 ---
the items to be produced to the attorney whose name appears on this Subpoena on or before the 
scheduled date of production. You may condition the preparation of the copies upon the payment 
in advance of the reasonable cost of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the 
attorney whose name appears on this Subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the 
time and place specified above. You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this 
Subpoena at any time before production by giving written notice to the attorney whose name 
appears on this Subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. NO TESTIMONY WILL BE 
TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
(1) appear as specified; or 
(2) furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
(3) object to this Subpoena, 
you may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorneys, and 
unless excused from this Subpoena by the attorneys or the Court, you shall respond to this 
Subpoena as directed. 
Dated:  
, 2018. 
EFTA00809670
--- PAGE 3 ---
LINK & ROCKENBACH, PA 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
By: 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in order to respond to 
this Subpoena, you are entitled, at no cost to you, to the provision of certain assistance. Please 
contact Link & Rockenbach, 1555  Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930, West Palm 
Beach, Florida 33401  
, at least seven days before your scheduled appearance, 
or immediately upon receiving this notification if the time before the scheduled appearance 
is less than seven days; if you are hearing or voice impaired, call 711. 
EFTA00809671

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809672.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No. 50-2009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
(Severed Claim; Epstein v. Rothstein) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
Defendant. 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM FOR VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA TO: 
TO: 
Jean-Luc Brunel 
do Joe Titone 
621 S.E. Fifth Street 
Pompano Beach, FL 33060 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to take 
depositions on April 25, 2019, at 9:30 a.m. at Link & Rockenbach, PA, 1555 Palm Beach 
Boulevard, Suite 930, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401, for the taking of your videotaped 
deposition in this action. If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. 
You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorneys, and unless excused from this 
Subpoena by the attorneys or the Court, you shall respond to this Subpoena as directed. 
You are further directed to produce to Plaintiff's counsel by April 18, 2019, the documents 
identified in the attached Exhibit "A." 
EFTA00809672
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dated: April 4, 2019. 
LINK & ROCKENBACH, 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
By: /s/ 
Scott J. Link (FBN 602991) 
Kara Berard Rockenbach (FBN 44903) 
Primary: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
Secondary: 
Counsel for Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein 
If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in order to respond to 
this Subpoena, you are entitled, at no cost to you, to the provision of certain assistance. Please 
contact Link & Rockenbach, 1555  Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 930, West Palm 
Beach, Florida 33401 
, at least seven days before your scheduled appearance, 
or immediately upon receiving this notification if the time before the scheduled appearance 
is less than seven days; if you are hearing or voice impaired, call 711. 
Copies provided to: 
SERVICE LIST 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
1075 Broken Sound Parkway, Suite 102 
Boca Raton, FL 33487 
Counsel for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack A. Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue S., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Co-Counsel for PlaintiffJelfrev Epstein 
EFTA00809673
--- PAGE 3 ---
EXHIBIT A 
DEFINITIONS 
A. 
The terms "you" and "your" refer to Jean-Luc Brunel and entities owned or 
controlled by him, and his agents, representatives, assigns, attorneys or other person or entity 
acting or purporting to act on his behalf. 
B. 
An entity is deemed to be owned by you if you directly or indirectly hold 25% or 
more of the ownership interests, and an entity is deemed to be controlled by you if, through 
ownership of voting interests, by contract or through other understandings or arrangements, you 
have the ability to direct in any meaningful respect the manager and affairs of the entity. 
C. 
Entities owned or controlled by you shall include, without limitation, MC2 Models 
Management, LLC, MC2 Models Miami, LLC, Scouting International Investment Co., Ltd., 
Scouting I International Co., L'eclair au Café Limited Liability Company and Karin Models 
Agency or entities affiliated with Karin Models Agency, and all present or former entities, 
affiliates, subsidiaries, parents and assigns of each. 
D. 
The word "communication(s)" shall mean any oral or written statement or exchange 
of information of any type between two or more persons or entities, including but not limited to 
documents, facsimiles, e-mails, instant messages, text messages, telephone or face-to-face 
conversations, meetings or conferences. 
Communications also includes any enclosures or 
attachments. 
E. 
The word "document" shall include all written, printed, typewritten, electronically 
stored, recorded or graphic matter, photographic matter or sound reproduction, including, without 
limitation, drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, sound recordings, images, correspondence, 
reports, tests, analyses, memoranda, contracts, agreements, notes, notebooks, work papers, charts, 
graphs, projections, financial models, diaries, calendars, appointment books, schedules, travel and 
expense reports, studies, checks, invoices, statements, receipts, bulletins, computer print-outs, e-
mails, social media communication or posts, text and instant messages, interoffice and intraoffice 
communications, applications, tax records, notations of conversations or meetings, transcripts of 
any kind (including transcripts of conference calls or television appearances), video and voice 
recordings and every other data compilation on which or through which information of any type 
can be obtained, translated if necessary into reasonably usable form, which are in the possession, 
custody or control of you or your counsel. "Documents" shall include originals, all drafts and 
copies that differ in any respect from the original, and any material recorded in verbal, graphic, 
computer, telecommunicative, or magnetic form, or any other form capable of being read, heard 
or otherwise understood. The word "document" has the broadest meaning possible, including but 
not limited to all reasonably available electronically stored information. You are requested to 
produce electronically stored information in the form in which it is ordinarily maintained or in a 
reasonably usable form or forms. If a document was attached to an e-mail, produce the 
accompanying e-mail thread. 
F. 
"Communications" and "documents" specifically include all electronically stored 
information ("ESI") or related data which includes, but is not limited to, electronically stored data 
EFTA00809674
--- PAGE 4 ---
on magnetic or optical storage media; documents and emails stored in networked, web, or cloud 
servers (such as Google Mail); network or social media accounts; text or other messages stored on 
electronic devices, including cellular phones, computers, tablets, etc.; and "active" file(s) (readable 
by one or more computer applications or forensics software). If relevant metadata such as author 
and creation data are visible on an ESI document, you are requested to produce the ESI document 
as a bates-stamped text-search PDF; otherwise, you are requested to produce the ESI document in 
native format. 
G. 
The phrases "related to" or "concerning" shall mean refer to, contain, allude to, 
respond to, comment upon, discuss, show, disclose, explain, mention, analyze, constitute, 
comprise, evidence, set forth, summarize, support, refute or characterize, either directly or 
indirectly, in whole or in part. 
H. 
All words in the present tense include the past tense and all words in the past tense 
include the present tense. All words used in singular form include plural form and all words used 
in plural form include singular form. 
I. 
The words "and" and "or" as used herein shall be construed either disjunctively or 
conjunctively as required by the context to bring within the scope of these requests any answer 
that might be deemed outside its scope by another. 
J. 
Any reference to any individual or entity includes their partners, members, 
managers, officers, directors, agents, employees, independent contractors, representatives, assigns, 
attorneys, affiliates or other persons or entities acting or purporting to act on their behalf. 
K. 
The "relevant period" means January I, 2007 to the present. 
REOUESTED DOCUMENTS 
1. 
All documents relating to any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other 
entity in which you hold an interest including, but not limited to: 
a. 
Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, Minute Books, Stock Books, Stock Transfer 
Records and Annual Reports. 
b. 
All financial statements, credit applications, lease applications, loan applications, 
financial affidavits and financial representations which were prepared for or 
submitted by you personally or on your behalf or on behalf of any entity directly 
or indirectly owned by or controlled by you at any time during the relevant period. 
c. 
All Forms W-2, Forms 1099 and any other documents reflecting any income 
(including salary, bonuses, profit distributions, and any other form of income), 
compensation, remuneration or revenue, including all gross and net revenue 
received by you directly or indirectly from any entity owned or controlled by you 
at any time during the relevant period. 
EFTA00809675
--- PAGE 5 ---
d. 
All bank statements, brokerage statements, securities statements, money market 
account statements, commodities account statements, securities account 
statements, mutual fund statements, annuities statements, whole life insurance 
statements, financial account statements, financial institution statements, 
transaction statements, accounts receivable statements, loan statements, lease 
statements, credit card statements, revolving credit statements, accounts payable 
statements which were prepared by or received during the relevant period by you, 
or on your behalf or by or on behalf of any entity owned or controlled by you at 
any time during the relevant period. 
e. 
The most recent bank ledger sheets or other financial account ledger sheets 
(including, without limitation, brokerage accounts, securities accounts, 
commodities accounts, margin accounts, money market accounts, mutual fund 
accounts, annuities accounts, retirement accounts, financial instrument accounts) 
in your possession, or accessible by you on the intemet, with respect to all such 
accounts in which at any time during the relevant period you had or any entity 
owned by or controlled by you had a right to withdraw funds. 
f. 
All records pertaining to the sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition at any 
time during the relevant period of any money or property interests or financial 
interests of any type, nature or description, whether for or without consideration, 
made by you or on your behalf, or by or on behalf of any entity owned or 
controlled by you at such time. 
All records indicating any and all income, compensation, remuneration, revenue, 
reimbursement, benefits and all other things with a fair market value of $1,000 or 
more received from any and all sources at any time during the relevant period in 
question directly or indirectly by you from any entity owned or controlled by you 
or for which during such time you served in any representative capacity. 
h. 
All records indicating any and all income, compensation, remuneration, revenue, 
reimbursement, benefits and all other things with a fair market value of $1,000 or 
more received from any and all sources at any time during the relevant period in 
question directly or indirectly by any entity owned or controlled by you or for 
which during such time you served in any representative capacity. 
i. 
All tax returns, including, without limitation, federal, state, local or foreign tax 
returns and including, without limitation, all such returns relating to taxes on 
income, wealth, sales, use, personal, VAT, gifts, withholding, foreign accounts, 
foreign assets, transfers, stamps, real estate transfers, payments to contractors, 
trusts, small business corporations, corporations, partnerships, limited liability 
company, and charitable organizations ("Taxes") filed with any taxing entity 
during the relevant period by you or on your behalf, or on behalf of any entity 
owned by you or controlled by you at the time of filing. Include all schedules, 
worksheets and supporting documents relied upon, used or prepared in 
connection such returns. 
EFTA00809676

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809677.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
CASE NO: 
502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTEISTEIN, individual) BRADLEY 
J. EDWARDS, individually, and=, 
individually, 
Defendant(s). 
SUBPOENA FOR DEPOSITION DUCES TECUM 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
TO: 
Robert D. Critton, Esquire 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to take 
depositions at the offices of undersigned counsel on October 6, 2017, at 1:30 p.m., for the taking 
of your deposition in this action. 
You are to have with you at the above place and time the 
following: 
DUCES TECUM: 
All documents* regarding your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein with respect to any allegation of criminal wrongdoing 
against Jeffrey Epstein and any consideration of and 
involvement in the filing and prosecution of any claim by Jeffrey 
Epstein against Scott Rothstein and/or Bradley Edwards. 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
EFTA00809677
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Subpoena Duces Tecum for Deposition 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of Court. 
You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney and unless excused from this 
subpoena by this attorney or the Court, you shall respond to this subpoena as directed. 
t 
DATED this 1 
day of 
JACK 
A'OLA 
On 
of the Court 
Fl. 
tar No.: 169440 
S 
y Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach •lorid 33409 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00809678

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809679.pdf
----------------------------------------
(July 1, 2018 thru Sep 30, 2018) 
Apt. 
FMV rent (3,500 per month) 
10,500 
Internet & cable & utilities - (averages 275 per month) 
825 
Cell Phone (150 per month - average) 
450 
30,000 
Replacement of 5,000 check from Dec 201Mnever cashed 
5,000 
a la ry - July & August 
5,000 
July 10th credit card 
1,513 
Aug 10th credit card 
2,294 
Sep 10th credit card 
1,545 
Sep 11 - 25 credit card 
1,622 
AirBNB apt 
6,269 
Flowers for Bday 
136 
Airfare to London 
1,156 
Total 
66,310 
EFTA00809679

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809680.pdf
----------------------------------------
GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
BEFORE THE DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
DIVISION OF COASTAL ZONE MANAGEMENT 
IN THE MATTER OF 
THE DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND 
NATURAL RESOURCES, COMMISSIONER 
DAWN L. HENRY, ESQUIRE, 
) NOVA 04-16-STT 
) 
) ) ) 
) NOTICE OF FAILURE TO CURE 
COMPLAINANT, 
) BREACH OF SETTLEMENT 
) AGREEMENT AND 
vs. 
) ENFORCEMENT OF SETTLEMENT 
) AGREEMENT 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC 
) 
) 
) 
) 
RESPONDENT. 
) 
) 
SUPPLEMENTAL CONSENT AGREEMENT 
WHEREAS, the Complainant, the Department of Planning and Natural Resources 
("DPNR"), is responsible for the administration and enforcement of laws and regulations 
pertaining to the protection and preservation of the coastal resources of the United States Virgin 
Islands, including the Coastal Zone Management Act (the "CZM Act"), Title 12, Chapter 21, of 
the Virgin Islands Code, and the Division of Coastal Zone Management ("CZM") is a division 
thereof; and 
WHEREAS, the Complainant commenced an administrative enforcement proceeding on 
April 25, 2016 by serving Respondent with Notice of Violation No. NOVA-04-16-STT dated 
April 22, 2016 ("NOVA")(Complainant and Respondent are hereinafter referred to collectively 
as the "Parties"); and 
EFTA00809680
--- PAGE 2 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 2 of 9 
WHEREAS, on or about August 4, 2016, Respondent entered into a Settlement 
Agreement ("Settlement Agreement") with DPNR regarding issues pertaining to the NOVA; and 
WHEREAS, on or about November 4, 2016, Complainant served Respondent with a 
Notice to Cure Breach of Settlement Agreement ("Notice") alleging certain unpermitted 
development and structures in violation of the Settlement Agreement and demanding that within 
ten (10) days Respondent remove all of said development and structures cited therein or be 
subject to further enforcement action pursuant to V.I. Code Ann. Tit. 12 § 913 and Section 3(d) 
of the Settlement Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, on or about December 15, 2016, Complainant served Respondent with a 
Notice of Failure to Cure Breach of Settlement Agreement and Enforcement of Paragraph 3(d) of 
the Settlement Agreement ("Failure to Cure") demanding that Respondent comply with the terms 
of the Settlement Agreement alleged to have been triggered by a beach of the Settlement 
Agreement by Respondent and that Respondent make a substantial payment to DPNR of moneys 
claimed to be due under the Settlement Agreement as a result of said breach; and 
WHEREAS, Respondent neither agrees with nor admits to the statements made in the 
foregoing recitals and has contested the statements, findings of fact and conclusions of law set 
forth in both the Notice and the Failure to Cure; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties agree that: (a) settlement of the matters set forth in the NOVA, 
the Settlement Agreement, the Notice and the Failure to Cure are in the best interests of the 
Parties and the public; and (b) entering into this Supplemental Consent Agreement without 
litigation is the most appropriate means of resolving this matter; 
EFTA00809681
--- PAGE 3 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 3 of 9 
WHEREAS, although by entering into this Supplemental Consent Agreement, 
Respondent neither admits to nor agrees with the statements, findings of fact and conclusions of 
law made in the Notice and the Failure to Cure, Respondent agrees that this Supplemental 
Consent Agreement shall be enforceable in the event Respondent fails to comply with the 
provisions contained herein; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties recognize that this Supplemental Consent Agreement has been 
negotiated in good faith and that it is fair, reasonable, and in the public interest. 
NOW THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
The Respondent shall procure funding, whether directly by Respondent or indirectly 
though one or more affiliates of Respondent, of a total of 
 Dollars 
) which shall be applied to pay the fees, costs and expenses for the 
construction of a raveling wall at Fort Christian located in Tier 1 on St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin 
Islands. The construction of said raveling wall shall be deemed a Supplemental Environmental 
Project in Lieu of Stipulated Penalties of that same total funded amount (hereinafter referred to 
as the "SEP"). 
1. 
Payments for the SEP. 
A. Payments for the SEP will be made to the St. Thomas Historical Trust, an exempt 
entity under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Historical Trust"), 
which shall use the proceeds of such payments exclusively to fund the fees, costs and 
expenses of implementing and completing the SEP. 
EFTA00809682
--- PAGE 4 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 4 of 9 
B. Within five business (5) days of receipt of this fully executed Supplemental Consent 
Agreement, Respondent or its affiliates shall pay to the Historical Trust an aggregate 
amount equal to 
(S 
)• 
C. By no later than the first business day in January 2018, Respondent or its affiliates 
shall 
pay 
to 
the 
Historical 
Trust 
an 
aggregate 
amount 
equal 
to 
)• 
D. By no later than the first business day in January 2019, Respondent or its affiliates 
shall 
pay 
to 
the 
Historical 
Trust 
an 
aggregate 
amount 
equal 
to 
)• 
E. The terms under which the Historical Trust shall disburse funds paid to it for the SEP 
shall be set forth in a grant agreement between the Historical Trust and the grantor 
thereof (the "Grant Agreement"), and such disbursement terms shall be subject to the 
prior written approval of by DPNR. 
F. Once funds are transferred to the Historical Trust for the SEP, neither Respondent nor 
its affiliates shall have any control over the disbursement of the same, except that the 
terms and conditions of such disbursement shall be set forth in the Grant Agreement 
which shall be signed by Respondent or its affiliates, as the case may be. 
EFTA00809683
--- PAGE 5 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 5 of 9 
2. SEP Management. 
G. The Grant Agreement shall provide that the Historic Trust shall appoint a 
representative to attend construction meetings and provide input in the management 
of the SEP until the SEP is fully implemented. 
H. Due to the nature and character of the SEP as an historical and a preservation project, 
DPNR-State Historic Preservation Office will oversee all aspects of the 
implementation and completion of the SEP, including, but not limited to, the design 
of the raveling wall, selection of contractor(s) for the same, management of the SEP, 
approval of work for the SEP, and payment of fees, costs and expenses of the SEP, 
and the Grant Agreement for the SEP shall so provide. 
3. 
Compliance with Applicable Laws. 
Except with respect to the liability of Respondent and Respondent Parties (as hereinafter 
defined) for violations of any and all laws, regulations and permits within the 
enforcement jurisdiction of Complainant arising out of any and all matters described in 
the Notice and the Failure to Cure, this Agreement in no way relieves Respondent of its 
responsibility to comply with any applicable federal or territorial laws, regulations and 
permits not specifically mentioned herein, and compliance with this Agreement shall not 
constitute a defense to any action pursuant to said laws, regulations, or permits raised by 
any territorial or federal agency other than DPNR. 
EFTA00809684
--- PAGE 6 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 6 of 9 
4. 
Release. 
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, 
Paragraph 6 hereof, DPNR fully and unconditionally releases and discharges Respondent 
and its successors, assigns, members, managers, employees, affiliates, subsidiaries, 
agents, representatives and attorneys (hereinafter "Respondent Parties"), from any and all 
claims, demands, liens, causes of action, suits, damages, judgments, debts or liabilities 
whatsoever, both at law or in equity, which DPNR and any of its successors or assigns 
may have now against Respondent or any Respondent Parties relating to any alleged 
violation of any and all laws, regulations or permits within the enforcement jurisdiction 
of Complainant arising out of any and all matters contemplated herein and/or in the 
Notice of Violation Assessment NOVA-04-16-STT, the Settlement Agreement, the 
Notice, and/or the Failure to Cure (hereinafter referred to, collectively, as "Released 
Claims"). 
5. 
Covenants Not to Sue. 
In consideration of Respondent's agreement to the obligations set forth in this 
Agreement, and except as expressly provided in Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, DPNR 
covenants not to sue or to take further administrative action against Respondent or any 
Respondent Parties for any Released Claims. These covenants not to sue are conditioned 
upon performance by Respondent of its obligations under this Agreement. 
EFTA00809685
--- PAGE 7 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 7 of 9 
6. Reservations of Rights by DPNR-CZM. 
DPNR reserves and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent 
with respect to all matters not expressly included within the Covenants Not To Sue in 
Paragraph 5 hereof. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, DPNR 
reserves, and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent with 
respect to: 
(a) 
Liability for failure of Respondent to perform any of its obligations under this 
Agreement; and 
(b) 
Liability for future violations that occur after the approval of this Agreement by 
the Commissioner of DPNR. 
(d) 
Liability for damages for injury to, destruction of, or loss of natural resources, and 
for costs of any natural resource damage assessments, arising out of events, conditions or 
circumstances not within the scope of the Released Claims. 
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to be or shall be construed as a release, covenant 
not to sue, or compromise of any claim or cause of action, administrative or judicial, civil 
or criminal, past or future, in law or in equity, which the Government of the Virgin 
Islands may have against any person, firm, corporation or other entity not a signatory to 
this Agreement, other than Respondent Parties. Except as expressly set forth herein, this 
EFTA00809686
--- PAGE 8 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 8 of 9 
Agreement does not limit or affect the rights of Respondent or the Government of the 
Virgin Islands against any third parties not named herein, nor the rights of third parties 
not parties to this Agreement against any other parties. 
7. No Admission. 
Neither this Agreement nor the furnishing of the consideration for this Agreement shall 
be deemed or construed at any time for any purpose as an admission by Respondent of 
any liability, unlawful conduct of any kind or violation by Respondent of any law, 
regulation or permit. 
8. Modification. 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements, representations and 
understandings, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. Prior drafts 
of this Agreement shall not be used in any action involving the interpretation or 
enforcement of this Agreement. All modifications to this Agreement shall be in writing 
and signed by the Parties hereto. 
9. Jurisdiction. 
This Agreement shall be construed and its performance enforced under the laws of the 
United States Virgin Islands. 
EFTA00809687
--- PAGE 9 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 9 of 9 
10. Representations. 
Each person executing this Agreement represents that the party hereto on whose behalf 
the person is executing this Agreement has duly authorized the execution of this 
Agreement and that such person is authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of 
such party. 
JEAN-PIERRE L. ORIOL 
Director — Coastal Zone Management 
8100 Lindberg Bay, Suite #61 
Cyril E. King Airport 
Terminal Building, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
SO ORDERED THIS 
DAY OF 
JEFFERY EPSTEIN, President of 
Poplar, Inc., as Sole Member of 
Respondent, GREAT ST. JIM, LLC 
2017 
HONORABLE DAWN L. HENRY, COMMISSIONER 
DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
EFTA00809688

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809689.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 of 1 
Transaction Details 
Centurion® Card June 9, 2018 to June 19, 2018 
achR
i lmCAN 
EXPRESS 
Prepared for 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account Number 
XXXX-XXXXXX= 
Date 
Descdpdon 
Card Member 
Amount 
Jun 17 2018 
AMAZON MKTPLACE PMTS AMZN.COMiBILL. WA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
§11.98 
Jun 17 2018 
AMAZON MKTPLACE PUTS AMZN.COMIBILL. WA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
§15.99 
Jun 16 2018 
AMAZON.COM AMZN.COM/BILL. WA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$43.54 
Jun 15 2018 
AMAZON MKTPLACE PMTS AMZN.COMIBILL. WA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
518.00 
Jun 15 2018 
AMAZON.COM AMZN.COMIBILL. WA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$18.50 
Jun 15 2018 
AMAZON.COM AMZN.COMIBILL. WA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$154.57 
Jun 15 2018 
GOOGLE 'GOOGLE STORAGE -855.836.3987. CA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
S9.99 
Jun 14 2018 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TVL SVC - PHOENIX. AZ 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$920.81 
Jun 14 2018 
PAYPALTONNEXTIONS - 4029357733 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$98.63 
Jun 13 2018 
AMERICAN EXPRES PHOENIX AZ 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$802.40 
Jun 13 2018 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TVL SVC - PHOENIX. AZ 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$1.493.50 
Jun 13 2018 
BLOOMINGDALES PALM BEACH 000000010 - PALM BCH GDNS. 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
5702.19 
FL 
Jun 13 2018 
BLOOMINGDALES PALM BEACH 000000010 - PALM BCH GDNS. 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$34.498.94 
FL 
Jun 13 2018 
ONLINE PAYMENT - THANK YOU 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
-$99.999.99 
Jun 13 2018 
ONLINE PAYMENT - THANK YOU 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
-$874.92 
Jun 13 2018 
SPOTIFY USA NEW YORK 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$9.99 
Jun 13 2018 
TRAVEL INSURANCE POLICY- RICHMOND. VA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$52.60 
Jun 12 2018 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 03531500 - PHOENIX. AZ 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
-$1.561.90 
Jun 12 2018 
AMTRAK INT - WASHINGTON. DC 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
S1.238.00 
Jun II 2018 
AMAZON MKTPLACE PMTS AMZN.COMIBILL. WA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$99.98 
Jun II 2018 
AMAZON SERVICES-KINDLE - 866.321.8851. WA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
§10.99 
Jun 10 2018 
WYVW.ITUNES.COMMILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$5.99 
Jun 09 2018 
AMEX Aline Fee Reimbursement 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
453.59 
Jun 09 2018 
NYTImes.COM NY TIMES DIGITAL (800)698.4637. NY 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$25.00 
Jun 08 2018 
AMERICAN EXPRES- PHOENIX AZ 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$1.068.72 
Jun 07 2018 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TVL SVC - PHOENIX. AZ 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$230.90 
Jun 07 2018 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TVL SVC - PHOENIX. AZ 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
$230.90 
SUMMARY 
Payments 
-$100.874.91 
Pay In Full Charges 
$41.762.11 
Pay Over Time Charges 
$0.00 
Credits 
-$1.615.49 
Total 
$40.146.62 
EFTA00809689

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809690.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 12 Filed 08/22/18 Page 1 of 1 
AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Sim /mons in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
MARVIN GERBER AND KALMA KOENIG, on behalf 
of themselves and all others similarly situated, 
Plaines) 
v. 
fNE FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, XYZ CORPORATION, 
ABC, INC., and JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
Defendant(s) 
Civil Action No. 18.7580 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: (Defendant's name and address) The Financial Trust Company 
6100 Red Hook Quarter 
St. Thomas. VI 00802 
A lawsuit has been filed against you. 
Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ, 
P. 12 (aX2) or (3)- you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff's attorney, 
whose name and address are: 
HACH ROSE SCHIRRIPA 6 CHEVERIE LLP 
112 Madison Avenue, 10th Floor 
New York, New York 10016 
• 
If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 
Date: 
08/22/2018 
CLERK OF COURT 
/s/ D. Howie 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
EFTA00809690
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 1 of 26 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
MARVIN GERBER AND KALMA KOENIG, on 
behalf of themselves and all others similarly 
situated, 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
THE FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, XYZ 
CORPORATION, ABC, INC., and JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
Case No. 
INITIAL COMPLAINT 
ECF CASE 
Marvin Gerber and Kalma Koenig (collectively "Plaintiffs"), on behalf of themselves and 
all others similarly situated, by their attorneys, Hach Rose Schirripa & Cheverie, LLP ("HRSC"), 
bring this Complaint against the Defendants, The Financial Trust Company ("TFTC"), Jeffrey E. 
Epstein ("Epstein"),' XYZ Corp., and ABC, Inc., as follows: 
INTRODUCTION 
I. 
This is an action to recover damages on behalf of Plaintiffs and members of the 
proposed class, defined below (the "Class"), who are Noteholders and Bondholders of Towers 
Financial Corporation ("TFC") for harm suffered as a result of Defendants' conspiring and 
participation in a massive Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, an uncharged 
co-conspirator of Steven Hoffenberg ("Hoffenberg"). Epstein used The Financial Trust Company, 
XYZ Corp., and ABC, Inc. to conceal his ill-gotten gains, obtained from his participation in a 
Defendant Epstein is sued herein in his individual capacity as well as in his capacity as President 
and Chief Executive Officer of The Financial Trust Company. 
EFTA00809691
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 2 of 26 
fraudulent Ponzi scheme, from banks, financial institutions, and current investors. 
2. 
While Hoffenberg was convicted as a result of his role in this Ponzi scheme, Epstein 
has remained an uncharged co-conspirator.2 All the while, Epstein knowingly and intentionally 
utilized funds he fraudulently diverted and obtained from this massive Ponzi scheme for his own 
personal use to support a lavish lifestyle. All of Epstein's acts and omissions, as alleged herein, 
were in contravention to duties owed to TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class and in violation of the law. 
3. 
Defendants have acquired consistent and unlawful profits at the expense of Plaintiffs 
and the Class by creating and operating a fraudulent Ponzi scheme, as described herein, and without 
disclosing their fraudulent activities. Noteholders and Bondholders, such as Plaintiffs and the 
Class, have remained unaware of these deceptive practices until the recent affidavit of Non-Party 
Affiant Hoffenberg.3
4. 
On information and belief, Defendants' deceptive practices date back to the mid-
1980s, affect similarly-situated customers throughout the nation, and may have yielded hundreds 
of millions of dollars in unlawful profits to Defendants. Defendants' activities were the subject of 
a criminal investigation which led to the conviction of Non-Party Affiant Hoffenberg in the late 
1990s and several related civil lawsuits within this judicial District. 
5. 
Plaintiffs and other Class members could not reasonably have detected Defendants' 
deceptive, unlawful and unfair practices. While Plaintiffs and the Class realized the depth and 
breadth of the Ponzi scheme following Hoffenberg's conviction and the several related civil 
lawsuits, Defendants' involvement was purposefully concealed and not revealed until Hoffenberg's 
In United States of America v. Steven Hoffenberg, 94 Cr. 213 (RWS), 95 Cr. 321 (RWS), 1997 
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 2394 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 4, 1997), Judge Robert Sweet issued a Sentencing Opinion 
("Sentencing Opinion") which lays bare the fraudulent conduct that resulted in Hoffenberg's 
conviction and which was imputed to Hoffenberg's co-conspirators. See Exhibit A. 
'See Exhibit B which is an affidavit from Hoffenberg detailing Defendants' deceptive practices. 
EFTA00809692
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 3 of 26 
recent affidavit. 
6. 
Plaintiffs bring this action as a class action on behalf of all similarly affected 
Noteholders and Bondholders of TFC to recover the hundreds of millions of dollars in investments 
misappropriated for improper and personal uses. 
JURISDICTION AND VENUE 
7. 
This Court has jurisdiction over this case pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §133I. In addition, 
the sum or value of the claims in this case, exclusive of interest and costs, exceeds $5,000,000 and 
Plaintiffs and other Class members are citizens of a slate different than the Defendants. Therefore, 
this Court has jurisdiction over the remaining causes of action pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §1332(d). 
8. 
At all relevant times, the claims arose in this District. Defendants conducted and 
continue to conduct business based in this District. As such, the unlawful and fraudulent conduct 
alleged herein originated in and arose out of this District. Furthermore, Defendants reside and/or 
maintain a principal place of business in this District. Venue in the Southern District of New York 
is therefore proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §139I(a). 
PARTIES 
9. 
Plaintiff Marvin Gerber ("Gerber") is a resident of Wantagh, New York. Plaintiff 
Gerber was an investor and/or noteholder in TFC, a dissolved Nevada corporation which had its 
principal place of business in New York, New York. 
10. 
Plaintiff Kalma Koenig ("Koenig") is a resident of San Mateo, California. Plaintiff 
Koenig was an investor and/or noteholder in TFC, a dissolved Nevada corporation which had its 
principal place of business in New York, New York. 
II. 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein is an uncharged co-conspirator in connection with the 
fraudulent Ponzi schemes described herein. Defendant Epstein resides at 9 East 71st Street, New 
EFTA00809693
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 4 of 26 
York, New York 10021. 
12. 
Defendant The Financial Trust Company ("TFTC") is a hedge fund formed under 
the laws of St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands in 1996. Defendant TFTC was created. 
incorporated, owned, and managed, directly or indirectly, by Epstein, or entities controlled by 
Epstein. Upon information and belief, TFTC was created by and/or received monies, securities or 
proceeds which were obtained and/or raised pursuant to the fraudulent conduct described herein 
and without disclosure of the fraudulent nature. Defendant TFTC has misappropriated or converted 
such monies, securities and proceeds. 
13. 
Defendants XYZ Corp. ("XYZ") and ABC, Inc. ("ABC") are fictitious names. 
Plaintiffs reserve the right to amend this Complaint as a result of pleading fictitious parties. 
Defendants XYZ and ABC are believed to be specific companies engaged in the businesses of 
financial services and real estate, or subsidiaries thereof, including, but not limited to, holding 
companies, trust companies and hedge funds, which have been created, owned, or managed, directly 
or indirectly, by Epstein, or entities controlled by Epstein. during the period beginning from his 
relationship with TFC to the present. Upon information and belief, such entities were created by 
and/or received monies, securities or proceeds which were obtained and/or raised pursuant to the 
fraudulent conduct described herein and without disclosure of their fraudulent nature. Defendants 
XYZ and ABC are entities which have misappropriated or convened such monies, securities and 
proceeds but are not, as of yet, known by Plaintiffs at the time of the filing of this Complaint. 
14. 
Defendants XYZ Corp., ABC, Inc., and The Financial Trust Company, shall 
hereinafter be collectively referred to as the "Defendant Entities." 
15. 
Non-Party Affiant Steven Hoffenberg ("Hoffenberg") was the Chief Executive 
Officer of TFC from 1975 through April 1993 and was a co-conspirator of Defendant Epstein in 
EFTA00809694
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 5 of 26 
the massive Ponzi scheme described herein. 
16. 
On March 4, 1997, Hoffenberg was convicted by Judge Sweet of the Southern 
District of New York for his role in a massive fraud conducted through TFC and associated entities 
and perpetrated by him and his, until now, unnamed co-conspirators (the "TFC Ponzi Scheme"). 
See United States of America v. Steven Hoffenberg, 94 Cr. 213 (RWS), 95 Cr. 321 (RWS), 1997 
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 2394 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 4, 1997). Hoffenberg was convicted of conspiracy to violate 
securities laws by fraudulently selling securities in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371, mail and wire fraud 
in violation of 18 U-S.C. §§ 1341 and 1342, conspiracy to obstruct justice in violation of 18 U.S.C. 
§ 371, and tax evasion in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201.4
17. 
The TFC Ponzi Scheme was implemented through a host of illegal and fraudulent 
conduct which resulted in hundreds of million dollars in losses to over 200,000 investors who, 
directly or indirectly, purchased securities sold by TFC in the late 1980s through the mid-1990s. 
From the late 1980s and through the mid-1990s, the Noteholders and Bondholders of TFC (i.e., 
Plaintiffs and the Class) invested in these securities based on false memoranda, financial statements 
and supporting documents which promised profitable investments and high returns. 
18. 
Defendant Epstein and the Defendant Entities fraudulently obtained investor funds 
by playing key roles in the fraudulent schemes described herein, without disclosing the true nature 
of their activities, such that the Defendants were unjustly enriched, and therefore, may not in good 
conscience retain the continued beneficial interests of their ill-gotten gains. 
STATEMENT OF FACTS 
Hoffenberg was sentenced to (i) twenty (20) years of imprisonment, followed by three (3) years 
of supervised release, (ii) a fine of one million ($1,000,000) dollars, and (iii) restitution owed in 
the amount of $475,157,340 plus interest, which, with over 20 years of accrued interest, now totals 
approximately one billion ($1,000,000,000) dollars, which represents the losses as determined by 
the Bankruptcy Court of the victims of his Ponzi scheme. 
EFTA00809695
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 6 of 26 
19. 
From 1975 through April 1993, Hoffenberg served as Chief Executive Officer of 
TFC, a corporation which provided a wide array of financial services and assistance to its clients. 
Specifically, TFC was in the business of purchasing large volumes of outstanding receivables, and 
then collecting on them. 
20. 
TFC also owned and operated subsidiaries including Towers Credit Corporation, 
which purchased and purportedly collected on commercial accounts receivables; Towers Collection 
Services, Inc., which collected past-due accounts receivable for third parties on a contingency basis; 
and Towers Healthcare Receivables Funding Corporations I, II, Ill, IV and V (collectively the 
"THRFC Bond Funds"), which issued hundreds of millions of dollars in bonds and engaged in 
factoring healthcare receivables. 
21. 
Hoffenberg and Epstein joined forces in the mid-1980s. Prior to that, Epstein had 
been running International Assets Group Inc., a consulting company, out of his apartment in New 
York City. 
22. 
In or around 1987, Hoffenberg and TFC hired Epstein as an associate and expert 
consultant. This "consulting" engagement entailed Epstein assisting Hoffenberg full-time in all 
matters of business operations and management of TFC, as well as working with Hoffenberg to 
raise capital for TFC from investors. 
23. 
Defendant Epstein, through entities including TFC and the Defendant Entities, 
raised over five hundred million dollars ($500,000,000) from investors in the course of carrying out 
the TFC Ponzi Scheme. 
24. 
The Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Hoffenberg and Epstein through Tit was an 
intricate fraud which depended on Epstein and Hoffenberg's maintaining capital inflow to cover 
off losses incurred by existing investors. 
EFTA00809696
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 7 of 26 
25. 
For example, in 1987, TFC acquired a controlling interest in United Diversified 
Corporation ("UDC"), which conducted business through two Illinois insurance company 
subsidiaries, Associated Life Insurance Co. ("Associated") and United Fired Insurance Co. 
("United Fire"). 
26. 
Epstein was the architect of the plan to secure the approval from Illinois state 
regulators for TFC's acquisition of the insurance companies. Indeed, approval was obtained 
because Epstein represented to regulators that TFC would contribute three million dollars 
($3,000,000) to the surplus of United Fire — two million dollars ($2,000,000) immediately and an 
additional one million dollars ($1,000,000) at a later date. 
27. 
Thereafter, in or around November 1987, Hoffenberg and Epstein used Associated 
and United bonds as collateral in securities brokerage accounts, controlled by Epstein, in a failed 
take-over attempt of Pan American Airways, Inc. ("Pan Am"). When the take-over failed, largely 
due to the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, United Fire and Associated 
suffered devastating trading losses, resulting in attendant losses for investors in TFC. 
28. 
Epstein and Hoffenberg diverted investor funds to hide those catastrophic losses, 
while at the same time lining their own pockets with millions of dollars of investment capital to 
keep up with their lavish lifestyles. 
29. 
Notably, between November 1987 and July 1988, checks were issued by TFC from 
UDC and United Fire's accounts for a number of improper expenditures, including the payment of 
investment consultant fees for TFC consultants, including Epstein. 
30. 
Between December 1987 and June 1998, Hoffenberg and Epstein again used 
Associated and United Fire bonds as collateral in securities brokerage accounts, controlled by 
Epstein, to purchase and sell stock and options in a number of high risk investments, including one 
EFTA00809697
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 8 of 26 
in Emery Air Freight ("Emery"). Similar to the situation with Pan Am, TFC's attempted take-over 
of Emery was a dismal failure, resulting in massive trading losses to TFC. 
31. 
In the wake of these losses to TFC, Epstein manipulated the price of Emery stock to 
minimize the losses when the share price began to fall. In order to do so, Epstein opened and 
maintained a number of brokerage accounts to execute false trades in order to artificially inflate the 
price of Emery stock — while the company was in reality useless. Because Epstein did not have a 
license to trade, Epstein traded, purchased and sold stocks, bonds and other securities by what he 
referred to as "making the orders" through licensed brokers. 
32. 
As the puppet master of Emery stock fraud, Epstein was making sizeable profits off 
his trading on insider information. According to Uoffenberg's sworn affidavit, annexed hereto, 
Epstein misappropriated the proceeds for not only his personal use. but also to start his own 
company, Defendant TFTC. 
33. 
United Fire and Associated lost over one million dollars (S1,000,000) on the 
purchase of Emery securities, due to the fact that the stock was purchased with funds borrowed by 
using insurance company bonds as collateral. 
34. 
Defendant Epstein and Hoffenberg concealed their unsavory activities through many 
deceptive actions, including but not limited to, routing all securities trades confirmations from 
brokerage firms to TFC, rather than to the insurance companies' offices; causing false entries to be 
made on the records of the insurance companies; failing to provide supporting documentation for 
expenditures; providing false information or withholding accurate information in annual and 
quarterly reports regarding the location and use of bonds; capital contributions made to the 
insurance companies; creating false documents; and closing out securities positions without regard 
to the profitability of the transactions. 
EFTA00809698
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 9 of 26 
35. 
By the late 1980s, TFC became insolvent as a result of the massive losses it had 
incurred over the years. According to Hoffenberg, Epstein then devised a new fraudulent scheme 
to raise capital for TFC — namely, by selling Promissory Notes. 
36. 
From January 1988 through March 1992, TFC sold the Promissory Notes in private 
placements by means of six (6) separate private placement offering memoranda (the "TFC 
Promissory Notes"). Defendant Epstein and TFC, represented to investors that the TFC Promissory 
Notes were collateralized by accounts receivable owned by TFC. 
37. 
The six private placement offerings resulted in the sale of approximately two 
hundred seventy two million dollars ($272,000,000) in TFC Promissory Notes throughout the 
United States. 
38. 
Epstein fraudulently induced investors to purchase the TFC Promissory Notes by 
assisting in the preparation and the distribution of financial statements which used falsified income 
and asset figures to deceitfully conceal TFC's true financial condition. The falsified income and 
asset figures were a key component of continuing Defendant Epstein's Ponzi scheme. Since TFC 
had taken such heavy losses on a series of failed investments, the company was deep in the red. In 
order to sell investors on the idea of future profits from investment in the TFC Promissory Notes, 
it was necessary to show investors that TFC was profitable. 
39. 
As set forth in the accompanying Affidavit of Hoffenberg, annexed hereto, Epstein 
participated, directly and indirectly, in arranging to have a certified public accountant falsely verify 
that the financial statements reflected TFC's financial condition. 
40. 
Ultimately, only a small fraction of the proceeds from the sale of the TFC 
Promissory Notes were used for the purpose stated in the offering documents. The proceeds from 
the sales of the TFC Promissory Notes were used to pay TFC's operating expenses, including 
EFTA00809699
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 10 of 26 
personal expenses of the conspirators, and to pay interest on the TFC Promissory Notes which were 
not properly collateralized. 
41. 
Defendant Epstein, directly and indirectly, represented to investors that the face 
value of the collateral exceeded the face value of the TFC Promissory Notes. Instead, the collateral 
was a fiction backed by falsified receivables which did not exist. 
42. 
In or about July 1990, Epstein, through TFC and in furtherance of the Ponzi scheme, 
made additional efforts to raise capital and expand TFC by offering and selling additional debt 
instruments in the form of bonds to investors ("TFC Bonds"). 
43. 
Moreover, Defendant Epstein, directly and indirectly, created, or caused to have 
created, TFC subsidiaries, the THRFC Bond Funds, which were a series of corporate entities that 
issued the TFC Bonds. The TFC Bonds were sold pursuant to five (5) separate private placement 
memoranda which indicated that the proceeds from the sales of the TFC Bonds would be used by 
the THRFC Bond Funds, in whole or in part, to purchase healthcare receivables from TFC and that 
the healthcare receivables purchased from TFC would collateralize the TFC Bonds. 
44. 
Defendant Epstein and Hoffenberg deliberately misrepresented how investor funds 
would be used and subsequently misused the proceeds from the sale of the TFC Bonds. 
45. 
In preparation for acquiring healthcare receivables, TFC would provide a total figure 
for the amount of receivables it planned to acquire; in response, a percentage of the value of the 
receivables was released to TFC in cash. This cash was supposed to be used to make the first 
payment on the receivables. When more money was needed to operate TFC, Hoffenberg and 
Epstein provided inflated figures for the receivables to accommodate TFC's cash needs. Thus, 50% 
of the value of falsified receivables was released to TFC who used the cash to pay TFC's operating 
expenses. 
EFTA00809700
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:18•cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 11 of 26 
46. 
Despite the intended and stated purpose in the offering documents, Epstein diverted 
the funds and funneled a substantial amount of the proceeds of the sale of the TFC Bonds to pay 
TFC's operating expenses. 
47. 
To cover up the fraud, Defendant Epstein directed collateral to be moved from one 
THRFC Bond Fund to another and falsified collateral records in the periodic reports to investors 
and SEC filings. Further, Epstein and Hoffenberg created phony receivables, then included those 
items in reports designed to misrepresent the true financial picture of the THRFC Bond Funds. 
Despite Defendant Epstein's central role in this now widespread, massive Ponzi scheme, his actions 
were taken on behalf of TFC — Hoffenberg's company for which Epstein only "consulted". 
48. 
Between July 1990 and May 1992, TFC sold approximately two hundred ten million 
($210,000,000) dollars in TFC Bonds. Like the TFC Promissory Notes, the financial statements 
provided to potential investors used falsified income and asset figures to conceal TFC's true 
financial condition. 
49. 
In February 1993, following a lengthy investigation, the Securities and Exchange 
Commission ("SEC") filed suit against Hoffenberg, TFC, and other TFC officials for, among other 
things, securities fraud through the circulation of false and misleading financial statements to 
investors regarding TFC's financial condition. 
50. 
In or around March 1993, TFC filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, and the 
Noteholders and Bondholders filed claims with the Bankruptcy Court to support their loss claims? 
51. 
On April 19, 1994, and as a result of the SEC investigation, Hoffenberg was indicted 
in the Northern District of Illinois on various fraud charges. 
s See In re Towers Financial Corpora►ion, et at. Case No. 93-841558 (PBA) (S.D.NY. Dec. 8, 
1994). 
II
EFTA00809701
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:18•cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 12 of 26 
52. 
The very next day, on April 20, 1994, Hoffenberg was indicted in the Southern 
District of New York on numerous charges resulting from the SEC investigation and lawsuit, 
including mail fraud, securities fraud in connection with the sale of the TFC Promissory Notes and 
TFC Bonds, unlawful conspiracy and obstruction of justice. The indictment pending in the Northern 
District of Illinois was transferred to the Southern District of New York in April 1995. 
53. 
In the course of the trial, Prosecutors in this District offered Hoffenberg a reduced 
sentence in exchange for information about his co-conspirators in the TFC Ponzi Scheme — namely 
Defendant Epstein's role. However, Hoffenberg did not disclose any details about Defendant 
Epstein's involvement, let alone orchestration, of the fraudulent scheme. It was only in May 2016 
that Hoffenberg provided the first insight to the public and authorities regarding Defendant 
Epstein's role.' 
54. 
As a result of Hoffenberg's refusal to implicate Defendant Epstein, Epstein was 
never indicted for his role in the TFC Ponzi Scheme. Epstein was never charged with any crime in 
connection with the TFC Ponzi Scheme. Rather, Epstein has been permitted to use the ill-gotten 
gains and misappropriated investor funds from his role in the TFC Ponzi Scheme to start and grow 
Defendant TFTC. 
55. 
On April 20, 1995, Hoffenberg pled guilty to conspiracy to violate the securities 
laws by fraudulently selling securities, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371; mail fraud, in violation of 
U.S.C. § 1341; conspiracy to obstruct justice, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371; and tax evasion, 
in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201. Hoffenberg also pled guilty to one count of the indictment 
transferred from the Northern District of Illinois. 
' In May 2016, Hoffenberg through his attorneys, filed a Complaint in this District, docket number 
1:16-cv-03989, alleging similar causes of action against Epstein and the Defendant Entities, seeking 
relief on behalf of himself and as a constructive trustee of the Noteholders and Bondholders of TFC. 
EFTA00809702
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 13 of 26 
56. 
In or around April 1996, the Bankruptcy Court determined that the claims of the 
TFC Noteholders and Bondholders, in the total amount of $475,157,340, were valid and actionable. 
57. 
On March 7, 1997, for his role in the TFC Ponzi Scheme, Hoffenberg was sentenced 
to twenty years' in prison, a term of supervised release, as well as a one million dollar ($1,000,000) 
fine, approximately four hundred seventy-five million dollars ($475,000,000) in restitution, and 
court surcharges. 
58. 
The Sentencing Opinion sets forth fraudulent wrongful acts which were committed 
by Hoffenberg "and his co-conspirators." The Affidavit of Hoffenberg, annexed hereto, makes 
abundantly clear that Defendant Epstein and the Defendant Entities were Hoffenberg's co-
conspirators. 
59. 
As per the Sentencing Opinion, Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators (i) used certain 
of the Associated and United's bonds as collateral in securities brokerage accounts in order to 
purchase stock of Pan Am and Emery; (ii) created false documents and filed false pleadings in 
related legal proceedings brought by state insurance regulators, closed out securities positions 
without regard to the profitability of the transactions, committed and suborned perjury, and 
concealed their fraudulent activities in connection with state insurance regulators' investigations; 
(iii) devised plans to sell Bonds and Promissory Notes and fraudulently induced the purchase of 
such Bonds and Promissory Notes in connection with the TFC Ponzi Scheme; (iv) in addition to 
creating fraudulent financial statements, arranged to have a certified public accountant falsely 
certify that the financial statements accurately reflected TFC's financial condition; (v) although the 
Promissory Notes were not properly collateralized, represented to investors that the face value of 
the collateral exceeded the face value of the Promissory Notes; (vi) deliberately misrepresented 
how investor funds would be used, and misused the proceeds from the sale of the Bonds; (vii) used 
EFTA00809703
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 14 of 26 
substantial amounts of the proceeds from the sales of the securities to meet TFC's operating 
expenses; (viii) created phony receivables to misrepresent the true financial ability to repay Bonds; 
and (ix) agreed from the outset of the SEC's investigation to take whatever steps they deemed 
necessary to obstruct that investigation and conceal their criminal activities. 
60. 
Beginning in the early 1990's, approximately one hundred (100) lawsuits, including, 
but not limited to, the cases listed below, were filed in the District Court of the Southern District of 
New York against Hoffenberg and TFC in connection with the TFC Ponzi Scheme: 
:89-cv-0 1689-R0 
92-a-08998-SS 
93-ev-00810-WK-AJP 
93-cv-00855-WK-KAR 
:93-cv-00987-WK 
93-cl/4104544K 
93-ev-01047-WK 
-93-ev-01094-WK 
:93-cv-0 1095-W1C 
:93-a-01155-WK 
93-cv-0 B03-WK 
93-ev-01543-WK 
-93-a-01686-W1C-KAR 
-93-ev-04449-WK 
94-ev410619-WK-KAR 
:94-cv-00724-WK 
.94-ev-00725-WK 
94-cv-008 I4-WK. 
:94-cv-02727-WK 
94-cv-09344-WK-AJP 
96-ev-04656-MGC 
:96-cv-05125-PKL 
:93-cv-01080-WK-ICAR 
94-ev-0 1792-WK 
:90-cv-00056-LBS 
-88-cv-09178-RWS 
-93-ev-00992-WK 
:93-cv-0 1543-WK 
13-ev-04449-WK 
:91-c-v-05231-1.JF 
-93-a-00961-WIC 
:93-ev-0 1927-WK 
Foti v. Towers Financial Corp. 
filed 03/13/89 
United Air Fleet v. lioffenberg, et al 
filed 12/14/92 
Gold, et a! v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02/10/93 
Field v. Twrs Financial Corp., al 
filed 02/11/93 
Ziegler v. Twrs Financial Corp., et al 
filed 02/19/93 
Inv v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02/23/93 
Batten, et al v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02/23/93 
Casey, et al v. Twrs Financial Corp., et al 
filed 02/25/93 
Leibman, et a! v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02/25/93 
Penner v. Towers Financial. ct al 
filed 03/01193 
Thom, et al v. Twrs Financial Corp.. et al 
filed 03/04/93 
Siudmak, et al v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 03/12/93 
Bank Of Capc Verde v. TFC Funding Corp.. ca filed 03/17/93 
Dinsmore v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 06/30/93 
Davis v. Hoffenbers, et al 
filed 02/01/94 
Rothman v. Hoffenberg 
filed 02/04/94 
General Rciircmcnt. et al v. liolTcnbcrg, a al 
filed 02/04/94 
Inc. et al v. lioffenberg, et al 
filed 02/08/94 
Amer. Inel. lanes, ct al v. Toners Fulani:said al filed 04/14/94 
Sheridan. et al v. Hoffenberg, ct al 
filed 12/29/94 
Cohen. et al v. Hoffenberg, et al 
filed 06r21/96 
Cohen. et al v. Hoffenberg, et al 
filed 07/08/96 
Shawmut Bank v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02/25/93 
Shawmut Bank Conn. v. Iloffenbcrg. et al filed 03/15/94 
Sahlen & Assoc. v. Towers Financial Cor 
filed 01/04/90 
Associated Dry Goods v. Towers Financial filed 12/28/88 
Riviera v. Towers Financial. et al 
filed 02119/93 
Siudmak, et al v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 03/12/93 
Dinsmore v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 06/30/93 
Superstock, Inc. v. Towers Fin. Corp., et al filed 08/01/91 
Murphy, et al v. Tins Financial Corp.. et al filed 02/18/93 
Von Stange v. Twrs Financial Corp.. et al 
filed 03/24/93 
closed 01/04/90 
closed 11/1693 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 10/31/95 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 03/10/97 
closed 08/19/98 
closed 08/02/00 
closed 08/02/00 
closed 04/3098 
closed 08/02/00 
closed 11/30/98 
closed 06/26/96 
closed 06/28/96 
closed 07/15/96 
closed 03/18/98 
closed 08/02/00 
closed 12/10/90 
closed 03/0691 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/0500 
closed 08/19/98 
closed 04/28/92 
closed 03/24/97 
closed 02/21/97 
61. 
Pursuant to Hoffenberg and the Sentencing Opinion, the victims of the TFC Ponzi 
Scheme include over 200,000 individuals, who are directly or indirectly the Noteholders and 
Bondholders of TFC, and are entitled to $475,157,340, plus interest, which now totals 
approximately one billion dollars ($1,000,000,000). 
EFTA00809704
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 15 of 26 
62. 
The full extent of Defendant Epstein's involvement in the TFC Ponzi Scheme and 
related frauds, which harmed Plaintiffs and the Class, could not have been discovered prior to 
Hoffenberg's execution of the Affidavit annexed hereto. Hoffenberg's Affidavit, dated August 17, 
2018, sets forth for the first time, under the penalty of perjury, Defendant Epstein's full involvement 
in the TFC Ponzi Scheme.' 
63. 
While Plaintiffs and the Class were aware of the illegal activities which caused them 
and many others to lose hundreds of millions of dollars, Plaintiffs and the Class only knew that 
Hoffenberg had "co-conspirators" who remained unnamed, uncharged, and unindicted. 
64. 
Defendant Epstein continues to control the Defendant Entities which wrongfully 
received money fraudulently acquired from the Noteholders and Bondholders through the TFC 
Ponzi Scheme and the profits earned from monies misappropriated by Epstein and transferred as 
capital to the Defendant Entities including, but not limited to, Defendant TFTC. 
65. 
Defendant Epstein, individually, and by and through the Defendant Entities, 
continuously engaged in the fraudulent activities by concealing his fraudulent Ponzi schemes from 
banks, financial institutions and current investors of his margin account syndication. 
66. 
Defendant Epstein continues to deny his involvement in the TFC Ponzi Scheme and 
continues to wrongfully possess the funds to which Plaintiffs and the Class are entitled as victims 
of the TFC Ponzi Scheme. 
CLASS ACTION ALLEGATIONS 
67. 
This action is brought and may properly be maintained as a class action pursuant to 
Rules 23(a) and 23(b)(3) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. This action is brought pursuant 
' Hoffenberg's 2016 Complaint contained no statements sworn under penalties of perjury and was 
ultimately withdrawn with prejudice by then-Plaintiff Hoffenberg. See Steven J. Hoffenberg v. 
Jeftey E, Epstein, et. al., Case No. 16-03989 (RJS) (S.D.N.Y May 27, 2016). 
EFTA00809705
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 16 of 26 
to 23(bX3) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for money damages. 
68. 
This suit is a class action brought on behalf of a Class consisting of and defined as 
all investors, Noteholders, and/or Bondholders of TFC who, directly or indirectly, purchased the 
TFC Bonds and TFC Promissory Notes sold by TFC between 1987 and 1993. 
69. 
Excluded from the Class are Defendants, any entity in which any Defendant has a 
controlling interest, and the officers, directors, legal representatives, heirs, successors, subsidiaries 
and/or assigns of any such individual or entity. 
70. 
The members of the Class are so numerous that joinder of all members individually. 
in one action or otherwise, is impracticable. Plaintiffs believe that there arc hundreds (if not 
thousands) of proposed Class members. 
71. 
There are numerous questions of law and fact common to Plaintiffs and the Class. 
including: 
A. whether Defendants, with intent to derive the use, enjoyment and profits 
rightfully belonging to the Plaintiffs and the Class, created a Ponzi scheme and 
concealed their actual intentions of convening the assets of Plaintiffs and the 
Class for their own personal use, upon which Plaintiffs and the Class reasonably 
relied to their detriment; 
B. whether Plaintiffs and the Class suffered monetary damages as a result of the 
Defendants' deceptive, unlawful and unfair actions and, if so, the proper measure 
of those damages; and 
C. whether the Defendants owed certain duties to TFC, the Plaintiffs and the Class, 
including, but not limited to. the duty to exercise the highest degree of honesty, 
care, good faith and loyalty in handling the securities of TFC. 
EFTA00809706
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 17 of 26 
72. 
Plaintiffs' claims arc typical of the claims of the members of the Class, and it is a 
member of the Class described herein. 
73. 
Plaintiffs are willing and prepared to serve the proposed Class in a representative 
capacity with all of the obligations and duties material thereto. Plaintiffs will fairly and adequately 
protect the interests of the Class and has no interests adverse to, or which conflict with, the interests 
of other members of the Class. 
74. 
Plaintiffs' interests are co-extensive with and not antagonistic to those of the absent 
Class members. Plaintiffs will undertake to represent and protect the interests of absent Class 
members. 
75. 
Plaintiffs have engaged the services of the undersigned counsel. Counsel is 
experienced in complex class action litigation, will adequately prosecute this action, and will assert 
and protect the rights of, and otherwise represent, Plaintiffs and absent Class members. 
76. 
The questions of law and fact common to the Class, as summarized above, 
predominate over any questions affecting only individual members, in satisfaction of Rule 23(b)(3). 
and each such common question warrants class certification under Rule 23(c)(4). 
77. 
A class action is superior to other available methods for the adjudication of this 
controversy. Individualized litigation increases the delay and expense to all panics and the court 
system given the complex legal and factual issues of the case, and judicial determination of the 
common legal and factual issues essential to this case would be far more fair, efficient, and 
economical as a class action maintained in this forum than in piecemeal individual determinations. 
78. 
Plaintiffs know of no difficulty that will be encountered in the management of this 
litigation that would preclude its maintenance as a class action. Compared to individualized actions. 
the class action device presents far fewer management difficulties, and provides the benefits of 
EFTA00809707
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 18 of 26 
single adjudication, economy of scale, and comprehensive supervision by a single court. 
79. 
Defendants have acted or refused to act on grounds generally applicable to the Class. 
thereby making appropriate final and injunctive relief with respect to the Class. 
TOLLING THE STATUTE OF LIMITATION 
80. 
The applicable statute of limitation for each of the claims for relief asserted herein 
have been tolled by Defendants' acts of fraud, concealment, and intentional misrepresentation as 
described herein. Plaintiffs reasonably relied on the prior government investigations, which resulted 
in the conviction of Defendants' co-conspirator, and could not have discovered, even alter 
exercising reasonable diligence, any of the claims for relief pleaded herein against Defendants prior 
to the affidavit of Non-Party Iloffenberg, executed on August 17, 2018. Plaintiffs, in fact, did not 
discover any of the claims for relief pleaded herein until after such time. 
CLAIMS FOR RELIEF 
FIRST CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Fraud) 
81. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
82. 
With the intent to derive the use, enjoyment and profits from TFC, Plaintiffs and the 
Class, and with the intent to injure such individuals, Epstein actively participated in devising the 
TFC Ponzi Scheme and he participated in acquiring assets and funds from such entities and 
individuals though TFC for his own personal gain or use, or the gain or use of the Defendant 
Entities. 
83. 
Under the guise of acting on behalf of TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class, Epstein actively 
participated in creating and executing several fraudulent Ponzi schemes. 
84. 
Epstein concealed his actual intentions of converting the assets of TFC, Plaintiffs 
EFTA00809708
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 19 of 26 
and the Class, to himself or the Defendant Entities for his own personal gain or use. 
85. 
Epstein utilized securities and cash, which properly belonged to TFC, Plaintiffs 
and the Class, and for which his co-conspirator Hoffenberg is court ordered to pay restitution, for the 
benefit of himself and/or the Defendant Entities. 
86. 
Epstein utilized these funds in contravention of their intended, disclosed purpose, 
and Epstein, ignoring the intended, disclosed purpose, transferred the funds to himself and/or to the 
Defendant Entities, for his own personal gain or use. 
87. 
TFC reasonably relied upon the Ponzi scheme, which was created and executed by 
Epstein, and that such scheme was in the best interests of TFC. 
88. 
Plaintiffs and the Class reasonably relied upon the fraudulent Ponzi scheme, which 
was created and executed by Epstein, and that such scheme was in the best interests of Plaintiffs 
and the Class. 
89. 
In an effort to continue to conceal this fraud from Plaintiffs and the Class, Epstein 
continues to hide and refuses to identify the assets and funds which were improperly transferred to 
Epstein and/or the Defendant Entities. 
90. 
In an effort to conceal the fraud from banks, financial institutions and current 
investors of his holdings and syndication of margin accounts, Epstein continues to hide and refuses 
to identify the assets and funds which were improperly transferred to Epstein and/or the Defendant 
Entities. 
91. 
As a direct and proximate result of the foregoing fraudulent acts, Plaintiffs and the 
Class have been damaged. 
92. 
The Defendants at all times acted with malice. 
93. 
The fraudulent actions of the Defendants merit the imposition of punitive damages. 
EFTA00809709
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 20 of 26 
SECOND CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Conversion) 
94. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
95. 
From approximately 1987 through 1993, Epstein as a "consultant" to TFC, caused 
the transfer of securities, cash and assets from TFC to himself and/or to the Defendant Entities. 
96. 
Through these transfers and his intentional diversion of cash and assets, Epstein, by 
and through the Defendant Entities, purposefully interfered with the rights of TFC, Plaintiffs and 
the Class deprived Plaintiffs and the Class of use and benefit of the cash and interest earned on the 
securities. 
97. 
Instead Epstein, by and through the Defendant Entities dishonestly usurped the 
benefit and/or use of the cash and interest earned on the securities for himself and/or for the 
Defendant Entities. 
98. 
As a result, because of use of the fraudulent means described herein, Epstein and/or 
the Defendant Entities have continued to enjoy, use, and benefit from funds diverted from TFC. 
Plaintiffs and the Class. 
99. 
As a direct and proximate result of these improper acts by Epstein and/or the 
Defendant Entities, Plaintiffs and the Class have been damaged in an aggregate amount in excess 
of 5500,000,000. 
THIRD CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Unjust Enrichment) 
100. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
101. 
Epstein, as a "consultant" to TFC from approximately 1987 through 1993, caused 
EFTA00809710
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 21 of 26 
the transfer of securities, cash and assets from TFC assets or accounts to himself and/or to 
Defendant Entities. 
102. 
Further, because of Epstein and/or the Defendant Entities' participation in the TFC 
Ponzi Scheme, Epstein and/or the Defendant Entities received improper disbursements of funds 
from TFC as payment for his "services," including broker's fees on investment advice, in the form 
of monthly checks. 
103. 
Through these improper transfers, the intentional diversion of cash and assets, and 
the receipt of payment for "services" which amounted to defrauding hundreds of thousands of 
investors, Epstein, by and through the Defendant Entities, intentionally interfered with the rights of 
TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class and deprived them of the use and benefit of the cash and interest 
earned on the securities. 
104. 
Epstein, by and through the Defendant Entities, have long bcnefitted, and continue 
to benefit, at the expense of the Plaintiffs and the Class, as these funds have been used to create and 
maintain Epstein's lavish lifestyle. 
105. 
As a result of these improper acts by Epstein and/or the Defendant Entities, Plaintiffs 
and the Class have been damaged in an aggregate amount in excess of $500,000,000. 
FOURTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Breach of Fiduciary Duty) 
106. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
107. 
As an associate and consultant to TFC, Epstein was a fiduciary and owed certain 
duties to TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class, including, but not limited to, the duty to exercise the highest 
degree of honesty, care, good faith and loyalty in handling the securities of TFC. 
108. 
Upon information and belief, beginning in or around 1990, continuing through the 
EFTA00809711
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 22 of 26 
present, Epstein, in breach of his fiduciary duties and in violation of New York law, (i) transferred 
cash, securities and assets from the accounts of TFC for his personal use and/or for Defendant 
Entities, (ii) made a series of imprudent investments and loans resulting in a loss of considerable 
sums of money to TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class, and (iii) concealed the true nature of financial 
transactions of the Defendant Entities from Plaintiffs and the Class. 
109. 
Presently, Epstein and the Defendant Entities continue to conceal the true nature of 
financial transactions from banks, financial institutions and current investors of a syndication of 
margin accounts. 
110. 
These breaches of fiduciary duty were fraudulent, a conflict of interest with TFC, 
Plaintiffs and the Class, and constituted waste and mismanagement of the securities and investments 
of such entities and individuals. 
III. 
As a direct and proximate result of Epstein's willful, wanton and malicious breaches 
of fiduciary duties, individually, and by and through the Defendant Entities, TEC, Plaintiffs and the 
Class were damaged. 
FIFTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Negligence) 
112. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
113. 
As a "consultant" to Hoffenberg and executive and/or investment committees 
formed to make decisions with respect to the investments of Plaintiffs and the Class, Epstein owed 
a duty to Plaintiffs and the Class to exercise reasonable business judgment in the handling of the 
securities and investments. 
114. 
Beginning in or around 1987 through the present, Epstein, in breach of his duties. 
negligently invested the funds of TFC in securities that were inappropriate investments and caused 
EFTA00809712
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 23 of 26 
TM to suffer tremendous financial loss. 
115. 
Beginning in or around 1987 and through the present, Epstein, in breach of his 
obligations, negligently transferred securities and cash from assets or accounts in TFC, properly 
belonging to Plaintiffs and the Class who invested in TFC Bonds and TFC Promissory Notes, into 
the Defendant Entities. 
116. 
As a direct and proximate consequence of Epstein's negligence, individually, and 
by and through the Defendant Entities, Plaintiffs and the Class have been injured. 
SIXTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Fraudulent Concealment) 
117. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
118. 
With the intent to derive the use, enjoyment and profits belonging to TFC, Plaintiffs 
and the Class, and with the intent to injure such entities and individuals, Epstein actively 
participated in devising the TFC Ponzi Scheme by participating in acquiring assets and funds 
though TFC for his own personal gain or use, or the gain or use of the Defendant Entities. 
119. 
Under the guise of acting for TFC, Plaintiff and the Class, Epstein actively 
participated in creating and executing several fraudulent Ponzi schemes. 
120. 
Epstein concealed his actual intentions of converting the assets of TFC, Plaintiffs 
and the Class to himself or the Defendant Entities for his own personal gain or use. 
121. 
With the knowledge that the assets of TFC were not being used for the benefit of 
Plaintiffs and the Class, Epstein transferred the assets to himself and/or to the Defendant Entities 
for his own personal gain or use. 
122. 
Through these transfers, Epstein, by and through the Defendant Entities, 
intentionally converted and disposed of the cash and interest earned on the securities for the benefit 
EFTA00809713
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 24 of 26 
or use of Epstein and/or the Defendant Entities. 
123. 
TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class reasonably relied upon the Ponzi schemes, which were 
created and executed by Epstein, and that such schemes were in the best interests of TFC, Plaintiffs 
and the Class. 
124. 
Plaintiffs and the Class became aware of the fraud and Ponzi scheme and the 
subsequent conviction of Hoffenberg and made all reasonable efforts to recover their lost monies. 
including but not limited to the nearly 100 civil lawsuits filed in this judicial district related to the 
fraudulent, negligent, and unethical behavior alleged herein. 
125. 
As a result of their efforts, Plaintiffs and the Class determined that Hoffenberg had 
co-conspirators. 
126. 
Despite the due diligence of Plaintiffs and the Class, the Defendants' continued 
misrepresentations. omissions, and fraudulent activities remained concealed from Plaintiffs and the 
Class; but for Non-Party Hoffenberg's recent affidavit, Plaintiffs and Class members would not 
have uncovered Defendants' identities and the nature of the Defendants' action and role in the TFC 
Ponzi Scheme. 
127. 
Plaintiffs and each member of the Class have lost money and been damaged as a 
result of Defendants' unfair, unlawful, and deceptive conduct alleged herein. They are accordingly 
entitled damages in an amount to be proven at trial. 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, the Plaintiffs respectfully request that the Court enterjudgment against 
the Defendants, as follows: 
A. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages. for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
EFTA00809714
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 25 of 26 
Class as a result of the Defendants' fraudulent acts; 
B. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
Class, as a result of the Defendants' conversion of property belonging to Plaintiffs and the 
Class; 
C. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
Class as a result of Defendants' unjust enrichment; 
D. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
Class, as a result of the Defendants' breaches of fiduciary duties; 
E. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
Class, as a result of the Defendants' continuous wrongful and negligent acts; 
F. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
Class, as a result of Defendants' fraudulent concealment of Defendants' unfair, unlawful, 
and deceptive conduct; 
G. Awarding Plaintiffs and the Class their reasonable attorney's fees and costs, to the fullest 
extent allowed by law; and 
H. Granting all such additional or further relief as this Court deems just and equitable under 
the circumstances. 
EFTA00809715
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21118 Page 26 of 26 
JURY DEMAND 
The Plaintiffs hereby demand a trial by jury. 
Dated: August 20, 2018 
Respectfully submitted, 
HACH ROSE SCHIRRIPA & CHEVERIE LLP 
By:/s/ Frank R. Schirrina 
Frank R. Schirripa 
Daniel B. Rehns 
Hillary M. Nappi 
112 Madison Avenue, 10th Floor 
New York, New York 10016 
Telephone: (212) 213-8311 
Facsimile: (212) 779-0028 
Email: fschirripa@hrsclaw.com 
drehns@hrsclaw.com 
hnappi@hrsclenv.com 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs and the Proposed Class 
Of Counsel: 
Gary H. Seise, Esq. (DC Bar #194878) 
600 New Hampshire Avenue, N.W. Suite 500 
Washington, D.C. 20037 
Telephone: (202) 518-6345 
Email: gbaise@ofivlaw.com 
Additional Counsel for Plaintiffs 
EFTA00809716
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 1 of 16 
Exhibit A 
EFTA00809717
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 2 of 16 
at 
STATES DISTRICT COURT 
RN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
STATES Or AMERICA, 
- against - 
£T£VEN EOFFENSERG 
Defendant. 
Sweet, D. J. 
HEItardEalig QPDilial
Cra,--213--Mar21
23--CX-9-321-D1WHI_ 
Defendant Steven Hoffenberg ("Hoffenberg") pled guilty on 
April 20, 1995, to five counts: (3.) conspiracy to violate the 
securities laws by fraudulently selling securities, in violation of 
U.S.C. § 371; (ii) mail fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C. fi g 
1341, 1342; (iii) conspiracy to obstruct justice, in violation of 
U.S.C. § 371; (iv) tax evasion, in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 
7201; and (v) mail and wire fraud in violation of 18 U.S.C. fig 
1341, 1342, exposing him to a total maximum sentence under the 
applicable statutes of 25 years imprisonment followed by three 
years of supervised release. 
-"For the reasons set forth below, Hoffenberg will be 
sentenced to serve a term of imprisonment of 240 months, followed 
by three years supervised release, to make restitution in the 
amount of $475,157,340, and to pay a fine of 41,000,000, all 
subject to the hearing now set for March 7, 1997. Pursuant to 18 
EFTA00809718
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 3 of 16 
U.S.C. S 3013, a special assessment of $250.00, $50.00 per count, 
is mandatory. 
The offense conduct 
Until April 1993, Hoffenberg was the chief executive 
officer, president and chairman of the board of Towers Financial 
Corporation ("Towers"). 
In 1987, Towers acquired a controlling 
interest in United Diversified Corporation ("UDC"), which conducted 
business through its subsidiaries, Associated Life Insurance Co. 
("Associated") and United Fire Insurance Co. ("United Fire"). 
Hoffenberg later became chairman of the boards of UDC, Associated 
and United Fire. 
Hoffenberg 
obtained 
the 
Illinois 
Department 
of 
Insurance's approval for this acquisition by representing that 
Towers would contribute $3 million to the surplus of United Fire, 
supplying $2 million immediately and an additional $1 million at a 
later date. In approximately November 1967, Hoffenberg and his co-
(7e""9 €92k In ) 
conspirator's used certain of the Associated and United Fire bonds 
as collateral in securities brokerage accounts in order to purchase 
stock of Pan American Airways, Inc. ("Pan Am"). 
When this 
attempted acquisition failed, United Fire and Associated suffered 
trading losses of over $80,000. 
v 
EFTA00809719
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 4 of 16 
TI 
Between November 1987 and July 1988, Hoffenberg also 
removed blank checks belonging to UDC and United Fire from the 
offices of both companies, and then issued over fifty checks on 
these accounts. 
Many of those checks were issued for his own 
benefit or for expenditures, totalling over $3 million, unrelated 
to the insurance companies, -including tuition costs and credit ca'd 
bills for Hoffenberg's stepdaughter; the payment of investment 
consultant fees for Towers; the purchase of Emery Air Freight 
stock; the payment of margin interest; the payment of private 
airplane leasing expenses.; legal and consulting expenses; and 
payments to Towers and one:of its affiliated companies, totalling 
$1.1 million. 
Between December 1987 and June 1988, Hoffenberg And his 
co-conspirators again used Associated and United Fire bonds as 
collateral in securities brokerage accounts to purchase and sell 
stock and options of companies, including Emery Air Freight. In 
this instance, as well as with the previous attempted Pan Am 
acquisition, Hoffenberg did not intend for these purchases of stock 
to be solely for the benefit of the insurance companies, but rather 
intended them to benefit Towers. 
On January 24, 1988, Towers contributed $1.8 million in 
capital to United Fire, $1 million of which was intended to fulfill 
Towers' agreement with state insurance regulators to make a $3 
million capital contribution by December 31, 1987. However, prior 
EFTA00809720
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 5 of 16 
t 
to this contribution, Hoffenberg used the $1.8 million to pay for 
stock in Emery Air Freight in an attempt to acquire that company. 
The attempted acquisition of Emery Air Freight ultimately 
failed. United Fire and Associated lost over S1 million on the 
purchase of Emery securities, as those stocks were purchased with 
fupds borrowed by using insurance company bonds as collateral. 
Hoffenberg concealed his activities from Associated and United Fire 
by: routing all securities trade confirmations, periodic account 
statements and other communications from brokerage firms to Towers, 
rather than to the insurance companies' headquarters; causing false 
entries to be made on the records of the insurance companies; 
failing 
to 
provide 
supporting 
documentation 
for 
certain 
expenditures; providing false information or withholding accurate 
information in annual and quarterly reports regarding the location 
and use of bonds, capital contributions made to the insurance 
companies, securities trading done with insurance company assets, 
and the financial condition of United Fire and Associated. 
--fer-o-Pri 
tett 
Hoffenberg and his co-conspiratbrs also created false documents and 
filed false pleadings in related legal proceedings brought by state 
insurance regulators; closed out securities positions without 
regard to the profitability of the transactions; committed and 
suborned perjury; and concealed their fraudulent activities in 
connection with state insurance regulators' investigations. 
EFTA00809721
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 6 of 16 
Finally, in 
a 
further attempt to conceal their 
activities, Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators filed a lawsuit 
the United States District Court for the Northern District 
in 
of 
Illinois against individual State of Illinois insurance regulation 
employees, alleging that these employees instituted "sham 
conservation procetidings" against the insurance compani4s and that 
their actions were motivated by a "personal animus." IL 
As a result of Hoffenberg's fraudulent activity, over $3 
million of the funds and assets of United Fire and Associated were 
misappropriated through trading losses, margin interest expenses 
and Hoffenberg's unauthorized use of insurance company funds for 
personal expenditures. 
These misappropriations significantly 
reduced the capital available to operate the insurance companies, 
adversely affecting policyholders and shareholders of UDC. 
In July 1988, the Illinois Director of Insurance obtained 
an order placing UDC, Associated and United Fire in conservation. 
On February 14, 1989, Hoffenberg agreed, in a signed stipulation, 
to an entry of an order liquidating Associated and United Fire, 
based on Hoffenberg's agreement that both companies were insolvent. 
Hoffenberg lost control of these companies on March 3, 1989, 
the liquidation order was entered. 
On June 27, 1991, three days before the end of Towers' 
1991 fiscal year, the Illinois Insurance Director filed an action 
EFTA00809722
--- PAGE 34 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 7 of 16 
%of 
charging Hoffenberg and others with using the insurance companies 
as an instrumentality of Towers, and with transferring investments 
and cash belonging to the insurance companies into various 
Hoffenberg-controlled brokerage accounts, in violation of the 
Racketeer Influenced and CorruPt Organizations Act (the "RICO 
Action"). The RICO Action alleged that the defendants had caused 
UDC, Associated Life and United !ire to suffer damagen in excess of 
$4 million, become insolvent, and be placed in consarvation and/or 
liquidation. 
In an agreement dated May 4, 1992, the Insurance Director 
and the defendants agreed to settle the RICO Action, with Towers 
paying $3.5 million. Towers also agreed to sell its interest in 
lb. 
Towers Diversified to the:` Insurance Director for $1, and to 
withdraw objections to the liquidation of Towers Diversified. 
According to the SEC, Towers never disclosed the liquidation of 
these companies or the filing of this civil suit to its investors, 
and continued to carry the investment at its full cost. Towers 
further misrepresented this information in its Annual Reports of 
1989 and 1990. In the Towers Annual report of 1989, a note to the 
financial statements (completed after the agreement by Hoffenberg 
that the companies were insolvent and could be liquidated) 
suggested that Towers had never completed its agreement to purchase 
the companies and that the conclusion of the matter was "being held 
in abeyance pending the finalization of certain regulatory 
EFTA00809723
--- PAGE 35 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 8 of 16 
matters." The 1989 report also falsely stated that there was no
"other material litigation in which the Company [was) involved." 
The 1990 Towers Annual Report disclosed the litigation 
between Towers and the previous UDC owners, but made no mention of 
the "regulatory matters" referred to in the•. 1989 report. 
Upon 
issuance' of the 1991 Towers Annual Report, ithe company admitted 
that Towers had purchased UDC in 1987 and that the company was 
placed in "receivership within six months of the acquisition"; 
however the note also stated that the Insurance Director had 
"instituted a legal action to take possession of all assets of 
UDC." 
The financial statement continued, stating that it was 
management's belief that the Illinois Insurance Director would not 
prevail and "that the Company will ultimately be determined to be 
entitled to all assets of UDC, in which case the Company would 
experience no loss on this investment." 
At the time that this 
statement was made, the Insurance Director had already prevailed in 
the liquidation order, and Towers had already suffered a total loss 
on its investment. 
Hoffenberg, through Towers, was also engaged in illegal 
conduct in the New York area. Towers had two subsidiaries: Towers 
Credit Corporation, which was engaged in "factoring," the purchase 
at a discount of commercial accounts receivable, and Towers 
Collection Services, Inc., which was engaged in the collection of 
past-due receivables for third parties on a contingency-fee basis. 
EFTA00809724
--- PAGE 36 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 9 of 16 
Towers also owned and controlled Towers Healthcare Receivables 
Funding Corporations I, II, III, IV and V (the "THRPC Bond Funds"), 
which were formed to raise funds for the purchaso of accounts 
receivable, and which purchased accounts receivable due to 
hospitals from Towers pursuant to an agreement with 
the 
bondholders' indentumd trustee. 
Hoffenberg controlled !?owers' 
daily operations, including the flow of funds among dneecking 
accounts and the escrow accounts established for the prodieds of 
the promissory notes. 
In the mid-1980's, Hoffenberg decided to expand'Towers. 
In order to raise capital, he and his co-conspirators devised a 
plan to sell Promissory Notes (the "Notes"). Towers sold the Notes 
in private placements by means of six separate offerihg memoranda 
prepared at Hoffenberg's direction. Each issuance rf the Notes was 
purportedly collaterized by accounts receivable owned by Towers' 
subsidiaries, and was additionally guaranteed by Towers to the 
extent of its consolidated assets. The six offering memoranda, 
dated from January 1988 through March 1992, resulted in the sale of 
approximately $272 million in Notes through a network of registered 
broker-dealers throughout the United States. 
Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators fraudulently induced 
the purchase of the Notes by preparing and providing to investors 
financial statements which used bogus income and asset figures to 
falsely conceal Towers' true financial condition. 
The bogus 
EFTA00809725
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JP0 Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 10 of 16 
5 
figures were created after it was determined that the company's net 
cash position was negative, and that a certain profit must be shown 
in order to sell the Notes. In addition to creating fraudulent 
financial statements, Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators arranged 
to have a certified public accountant falsely certify that the 
financial statements accurately 'reflected Towers' financial 
condition. 
Only a small fraction of the proceeds from the sale of 
the Notes were used for the expansion of Towers' business, the 
purpose stated in the offering documents. The proceeds were used 
instead to pay Towers' operating expenses, including a private jet 
and a yacht used by Hoffenberg, and to pay interest on the Notes 
themselves. 
The Notes were not properly collaterized. Hoffenberg and 
his co-conspirators represented to investors that the face value of 
the collateral exceeded the face value of the Notes. In fact, the 
collateral was comprised in significant part of phony receivables, 
which were not worth the total outstanding debt of the investors. 
In addition, the accounts receivable reflected in the financial 
statements consisted mainly of collection receivables which Towers 
did not own, but only collected as agent and took a fee, and of 
certain healthcare receivables purchased by the THRFC Bond Funds. 
Receivables not actually owned by Towers could not properly 
collateralize the Notes. 
EFTA00809726
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-3PO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 11 of 16 
54J 
In about July 1990, Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators 
made additional efforts to raise capital and expand Towers by 
engaging in the sale of a series of Bonds. To this:end, Hoffenberg 
and his co-conspirators created the THRFC Bond Funds, a series of 
corporations which issued Bonds to purchase accounts receivable due 
to healthcarelinstitutions from Towers in accordand.e with a series 
of Indenture Agreements. 
The Bonds were sold pursuant to five separate, private 
placement memoranda prepared at the direction of Hoffonberg and his 
co-conspiratdis. The private placement memoranda got.* each issuance 
of the Bonds'represented that the proceeds from the sales of the 
Bonds would be used by the THRFC Bond Funds, in whole or in part, 
to purchase healthcare receivables from Towerk, and that the 
healthcare receivables purchased from Towers would collateralize 
the Bonds. According to the offering documents, the obligors on 
the healthcare receivables would be major insurance companies such 
as Blue Cross/Blue Shield, State Farm Insurance Company, Aetna 
Insurance Company, Allstate Insurance Company, or government 
entities. 
The documents provided that more than 50% of the 
healthcare receivables must represent the payment obligations of 
insurers having a rating of "A" or better and Government entities 
under Medicaid or Medicare programs who had agreed in writing to 
send all payments directly to the servicer. No more than 50% of 
the healthcare receivables could represent the obligations of 
government entities which had not so agreed. 
EFTA00809727
--- PAGE 39 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 12 of 16 
5,3 
Between July 1990 and May 1992, Towers sold approximately 
$210 million in bonds through the five THRFC funds. The offering 
documents touted not only the quality of the healthcare 
receivables, but also the financial soundness of Towers; the Bond 
sales were promoted by the figures in the fraudulent Towers 
financial statements. The offering documents described Towers and 
its subsidiaries as having:engaged in either servicing or adqui:;.ing 
accounts receivable having an aggregate value in excess of 
$630,000,000 -- a vastly inflated number. 
The gross revenue 
figures in the offering documents were based on the bogus figures 
created by Hoffenberg and'his co-conspirators and certified by the 
certified public accountant. Accordingly, the Bond sales, like the 
Note sales, were promoted by fraud. 
Hoffenberg and' his 6o-conspirators also deliberately 
misrepresented how investor funds would be used, and misused the 
proceeds from the sale of the Bonds. 
The strictures in the 
offering documents and the Indenture Agreements were ignored, and 
Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators used substantial amounts of the 
proceeds from the sales to meet Towers's operating expenses. 
Towers provided two kinds of reports to the Trustee on a regular 
basis: a cash request report and a collateral ratio report. Both 
were used to fraudulently obtain money from the Trustee. 
When Towers acquired healthcare receivables, it provided 
to the Trustee a total figure for the receivables it planned to 
EFTA00809728
--- PAGE 40 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 13 of 16 
acquire, and the Trustee then released 50% of the value of the 
receivables to Towers to make the first payment on the receivables. 
As Hoffenberg needed more money to operate Towers, he directed his 
co-conspirators to provide inflated figures for receivables to 
accommodate Towers's cash needs. In this way, the Trustee released 
S0t..of the value of bogus receivables, anA Hoffenberg had cash with 
which to meet his operating expenses. 
Towers was also required to send collateral ratio reports 
to..the Trustee. These reports were designed to ensure that each of 
the Bond Funds were properly collateralized by accounts receivable. 
Since Hoffenberg was using monies from the Bond Funds to pay his 
operating expenses, the Bond Funds did not have sufficient 
'::•collateral to support payments to Towers. To cover up the fraud, 
Hoffenberg directed his co-conspirators to move collateral from one 
Bond Fund to another, and to fabricate collateral for the reports. 
On numerous occasions, Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators created 
phony receivables, then included those items in reports designed to 
misrepresent the Bond Funds' true financial picture. 
One condition to the issuance of the Bonds was that Duff 
& Phelps Credit Rating Company rate the Bonds as AA or better. 
Because Hoffenberg and 
his co-conspirators were 
acquiring 
healthcare receivables that were not from A rated insurers, and 
this might have affected Duff fi Phelps's rating of the Bonds, 
Hoffenberg directed his employees to alter the reports sent to Duff 
EFTA00809729
--- PAGE 41 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 14 of 16 
& Phelps by combining healthcare receivables from small insurers 
and adding those numbers to the amounts of receivables acqui red 
from A rated insurers. 
The Indenture Agreement also prohibited Towers from 
holding any healthcare accounts receivable on its books for more 
than 90 days. After 90 days, it is less likely that a receivable 
will be collected. To secretly enable Towers to keep old accounts 
on their books, Hoffenberg directed employees to "freshen" accounts 
-- if an account was more than 90 days old, it was deleted and re-
entered as a "new" account. 
In or about 1989, the Securities & Exchange Commission 
("SEC") began an investigation of the fraudulent sale of Towers' 
securities by Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators. In the course of 
this investigation, which ultimately resulted in a lawsuit against 
Towers, the SEC deposed Hoffenberg and numerous officers, employees 
and agents of Towers. The SEC also issued numerous subpoenas and 
requests for documents to Towers, Hoffenberg and his co-
conspirators. Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators had agreed from 
the outset of the SEC's investigation to take whatever steps they 
deemed necessary to obstruct that investigation and conceal their 
criminal activities. 
As part of his attempt to obstruct the SEC investigation, 
Hoffenberg gave false testimony to the SEC in New York City on 
EFTA00809730
--- PAGE 42 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 15 of 16 
several occasions between November 21 and December 12, 1991. 
1992, Hoffenberg directed Towers employees and associates 
In 
to 
testify falsely during the SEC investigation. Hoffenberg and his 
co-conspirators have also admitted to fabricating and falsifying 
documents in response to the SEC subpoenas. 
For example, in 
response to the SEC request for accounting records supporting 
Towers' financial statements, in or about May 1992, Hoffenberg and 
his co-conspiratus instructed employees to fabricate computer runs 
of certain accounts receivable to reflect a 30% collection rate and 
to substantiate Towers's bogus accounting theories used in 
compiling its financial statements for 1989, 1990, and 1991. After 
these false computer runs were created, Hoffenberg directed two 
employees to make tick marks on the runs so that it appeared as if 
an accountant had used ..the runs in certifying the financial 
statements for the appropriate years. 
Towers then provided the 
runs to the SEC. 
Between 1987 and 1991, Hoffenberg evaded personal income 
taxes by causing his personal expenses to be paid by Professional 
Business Brokers, a corporation Hoffenberg owned. 
Some of the 
personal items that Professional Business Brokers paid included: 
Hoffenberg's rent and his stepdaughter's rent, salaries for 
personal servants, furniture and antiques for his residence, 
personal automobiles and maintenance, and maintenance for his 
personal residences. The additional tax due and owing for each 
EFTA00809731
--- PAGE 43 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 16 of 16 
year is as follows: 1987: $7,230; 1988: $31,068; 1989: $43,606; 
1990: $199,674; 1991: $386,702. 
In March 1993, after the SEC had filed a lawsuit against 
Towers, Towers declared bankruptcy. The loss to the Noteholders 
and Bondholders, the victims of Hoffenberg's fraud, was enormous. 
At the time of the Towers bankruptcy, Noteholders and Bondholders 
(as well as victims such as vendors and collections clients) filed 
petitions with the Bankruptcy Court to support their loss claims. 
As of April 1996, the Bankruptcy Court has already determined the 
following Noteholder and Bondholder claims to be valid claims: the 
Bondholders filed valid claims of $196,948,864: the Noteholders 
filed valid claims of $258,244,618; and a second class of 
Noteholders' filed valid claims of $19,963,858. The total of those 
claims equals a loss of $475,157,340. This figure represents the 
approximate losses resulting from the Towers fraud only and does 
not include losses resulting from the Illinois insurance company 
fraud, which totalled between $3 million and $4 million. The total 
losses attributable to Hoffenberg's conduct are $476,157,340. 
EFTA00809732
--- PAGE 44 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 1 of 8 
Exhibit B 
EFTA00809733
--- PAGE 45 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 2 of 8 
AFFIDAVIT OF STEVEN J. HOFFENBERG 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
STEVEN J. HOFFENBERG, being duly sworn, deposes, and says that: 
1. 
I am a not a party in the above captioned case. 
2. 
I served as Chief Executive Officer of Towers Financial Corporation ("TFC") 
from 1975 through April 1993. 
3. 
TFC was a corporation which provided financial services and assistance to its 
clients and was in the business of purchasing large volumes of outstanding receivables, and then 
collecting on them. 
4. 
TFC owned and operated subsidiaries including Towers Credit Corporation, 
Towers Collection Services Inc., and Towers HealthCare Receivables Funding Corporations I, 
II, III, IV, and V. 
5. 
In or around the mid-1980s, I was introduced to Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Epstein"). 
At the time we met, Epstein was running his own consulting company, International Assets 
Group Inc. out of his New York City apartment. 
6. 
In or around 1987, I hired Epstein as an associate and expert to consult with TFC 
and me. Epstein was responsible for assisting me full-time in all matters of business operations 
and management of TFC, as well as raising capital for TFC from investors. 
7. 
Though TFC, Epstein orchestrated and planned an intricate fraud which 
depended on maintaining capital inflow to cover off losses incurred by existing investors. 
8. 
For example, in 1987, TFC acquired a controlling interest in United Diversified 
Corporation ("UDC), which conducted business through two Illinois insurance company 
EFTA00809734
--- PAGE 46 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 3 of 8 
subsidiaries, Associated Life Insurance Co. ("Associated") and United Fired Insurance Co. 
("United Fire"). 
9. 
In order to complete the acquisition, Illinois state regulators required their 
approval. Epstein was the architect of the plan to secure the approval from the regulators. In 
fact, the approval was obtained because Epstein represented to regulators that TFC would 
contribute three million dollars ($3,000,000) to the surplus of United Fire. 
10. 
After the insurance companies were acquired, in or around November 1987, 
Epstein and I used the insurance companies' bonds as collateral in securities brokerage 
accounts. Epstein controlled these brokerage accounts and the accounts were used in a failed 
take-over attempt of Pan American Airways, Inc. 
11. 
When the take-over attempt failed, the insurance companies suffered 
overwhelming trading losses, resulting in attendant losses for investors in TFC. 
12. 
In an attempt to hide these losses, Epstein and I diverted investor funds and used 
the money for our own personal needs. I believe Epstein used the funds as investment capital 
for corporations he controlled, including The Financial Trust Company. 
13. 
Between November 1987 and July 1988, I issued a number of checks from UDC 
and United Fire's accounts on behalf of TFC. These checks were used to pay for a series of 
improper expenditures including the payment of Epstcin's "consultant fee." 
14. 
From December 1987 and June 1998, Epstein and 1 again used the insurance 
companies' bonds as collateral in securities brokerage accounts, controlled by Epstein, to 
purchase and sell stock and options in a number of high risk investments. 
EFTA00809735
--- PAGE 47 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7.2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 4 of 8 
IS. 
In particular, one of these high risk investments was TFC's attempted take-over 
of in Emery Air Freight ("Emery"). This investment was an epic failure resulting in massive 
trading losses to TFC. 
16. 
In the wake of these losses, Epstein manipulated the price of Emery stock to 
minimize the losses when the share price began to fall. Specifically, Epstein opened and 
maintained a number of brokerage accounts to execute false trades in order to artificially inflate 
the price of Emery stock — while the company was actually useless. 
17. 
Epstein did not have a license to trade, but he was determined to trade, purchase 
and sell stocks, bonds and other securities. Epstein accomplished his goal by what he referred to 
as "making the orders." Epstein "made the orders" by utilizing licensed brokers to trade, 
purchase and sell stock. He traded these stocks based on his insider knowledge and, as a result, 
earned sizable profits. 
18. 
Epstein used the monies he misappropriated and earned from his illegal trading 
activities and used them as start-up capital for his corporations, including The Financial Trust 
Company. 
19. 
Epstein conceived many ways we could cover up our dubious activities. Some of 
the actions we took included routing all securities trades confirmations from brokerage firms to 
TFC, rather than to the insurance companies' offices; causing false entries to be made on the 
records of the insurance companies; failing to provide supporting documentation for 
expenditures; providing false information or withholding accurate information in annual and 
quarterly reports regarding the location and use of bonds; making capital contributions to the 
insurance companies; creating false documents; and, closing out securities positions without 
regard to the profitability of the transactions. 
EFTA00809736
--- PAGE 48 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 5 of 8 
20. 
In or around the late 1980s, TFC became insolvent because of the massive losses 
incurred over the years. Epstein devised yet another scheme to raise capital for TFC by selling 
Promissory Notes. 
21. 
From January 1988 through March 1992, by means of six (6) separate private 
placement offering memoranda (the "TFC Promissory Notes"), Epstein and TFC represented to 
potential investors that the TFC Promissory Notes were collateralized by accounts receivable 
owned by TFC. This was not true. 
22. 
Epstein represented to investors that the face value of the collateral exceeded the 
face value of the TFC Promissory Notes. The collateral on the fabricated receivables did not 
exist. 
23. 
Epstein assisted in preparing and drafting the private placement offering 
memoranda which included financial statements filled with falsified income and asset figures 
intended to conceal TFC's true financial condition. 
24. 
To give more credibility to the offerings, Epstein arranged a certified public 
accountant to falsely certify the financial statements. It was imperative that potential investors 
believed that TFC was profitable. Without this belief, investors would never have faith they 
would earn future profits from the TFC Promissory Notes. 
25. 
Approximately two hundred seventy two million dollars ($2'72,000,000) in TFC 
Promissory Notes were sold throughout the United States. The proceeds of the sales were used 
to pay TFC's operating expenses, including private planes and other personal expenses of 
Epstein and me, and to pay interest on the TFC Promissory Notes which were not properly 
collateralized. 
EFTA00809737
--- PAGE 49 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 6 of 8 
26. 
In July 1990, Epstein made additional efforts to raise more capital and expand 
TFC by offering and selling additional debt instruments in the form of bonds to investors ("TFC 
Bonds"). 
27. 
Epstein created or caused to have created TFC subsidiaries -- the THFRC Bond 
Funds -- which were a series of corporate entities that issued the TFC Bonds. 
28. 
The TFC Bonds were sold pursuant to five (5) separate private placement 
memoranda. The memoranda indicated that the proceeds from the sales of the TFC Bonds 
would be used by the THRFC Bond Funds, in whole or in part, to purchase healthcare 
receivables from TFC and that the healthcare receivables purchased from TFC would 
collateralize the TFC Bonds. 
29. 
Epstein deliberately misrepresented how the proceeds of the sale of the TFC 
Bonds would be used. 
30. 
In preparation for acquiring healthcare receivables, TFC would provide a total 
figure for the amount of receivables it planned to acquire; in response, a percentage of the value 
of the receivables was released to TFC in cash. 
31. 
When more money was needed to operate TFC, Epstein would provide inflated 
figures for the receivables to accommodate TFC's cash needs. 
32. 
Epstein developed creative ways to hide this scheme. Epstein directed collateral 
to be moved from one THRFC Bond Fund to another; he falsified collateral records in the 
periodic reports to investors and in SEC filings; and he created phony receivables and then 
included those receivables in reports designed to misrepresent the true financial picture of the 
THRFC Bond Funds. 
EFTA00809738
--- PAGE 50 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 7 of 8 
33. 
Between July 1990 and May 1992. TFC sold approximately two hundred ten 
million ($210,000,000) dollars in TFC Bonds. 
34. 
In February 1993, following a lengthy investigation, the SEC filed suit against 
me, TFC, and other TFC officials for securities fraud. 
35. 
In or around March 1993, TFC filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, and 
the TFC's Noteholders and Bondholders filed claims with the Bankruptcy Court to support their 
loss claims. 
36. 
On April 19, 1994, and as a result of the SEC investigation, I was indicted in the 
Northern District of Illinois on various fraud charges. 
37. 
The next day, on April 20, 1994, I was indicted in the Southern District of New 
York on numerous charges resulting from the SEC investigation and lawsuit, including mail 
fraud, securities fraud in connection with the sale of the TFC Promissory Notes and TFC 
Bonds, unlawful conspiracy and obstruction of justice. 
38. 
Epstein was never charged with any crime for his involvement in the fraudulent 
schemes described herein. 
39. 
During the course of my criminal trial, Prosecutors offered me a reduced 
sentence in exchange for information about Epstein's role. However, I did not disclose any 
details about Epstein's involvement, let alone orchestration, of the fraudulent scheme. 
40. 
On April 20, 1995, 1 pled guilty to conspiracy to violate the securities laws by 
fraudulently selling securities, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §371; mail fraud, in violation of 18 
U.S.C. §1341; conspiracy to obstruct justice, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §371; and tax evasion, in 
violation of 26 U.S.C. §7201. 
EFTA00809739
--- PAGE 51 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 8 of 8 
41. 
On March 7, 1997, I was sentenced to twenty years in prison, a term of 
supervised release, as well as a one million dollar ($1,000,000) fine, approximately four 
hundred seventy-five million dollars ($475,000,000) in restitution, and court surcharges. 
42. 
To be abundantly clear, I was the sole Defendant in the criminal case. However, 
it was known to the investigators, prosecutors, and established as fact by the Court, that there 
were co-conspirators who participated in my crimes. My co-conspirators were never charged 
for their role in my crimes. I, however, was sentenced to prison and served my time. 
43. 
Epstein and the corporations he formed were my co-conspirators. Epstein has 
remained free and has used and benefitted from the ill-gotten gains he amassed as a result of his 
criminal and fraudulent activities. 
44. 
In May 2016, in an attempt to reveal Epstein's involvement in the Ponzi scheme, 
my attorneys filed a civil lawsuit on my behalf. The lawsuit was brought against Epstein and his 
corporations, seeking relief on behalf of myself and as a constructive trustee of the TFC 
Noteholders and Bondholders. 
45. 
That lawsuit was eventually withdrawn with prejudice and the full extent of 
Epstein's involvement in my crimes and the related frauds was never exposed. 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true 
and correct. 
Sworn to before me this 
day of  
Ling 
 , 2018 
Notary Public 
my gam-6.u... 
An. 
o2jewsooay 
3/3r /zing 
EFTA00809740

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809741.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 55903453 E-Filed 05/03/2017 10:43:53 AM 
41pupreine Court of aftortba 
WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 2017 
CASE NO.: SC15-2286 
Lower Tribunal No(s).: 
4DI4-2282; 502009CA0408003CXXXMB 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
vs. 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, ET AL. 
Petitioner(s) 
Respondent(s) 
Petitioner shall show cause on or before May 18, 2017, why this Court's 
decision Debrincat v. Fischer, 42 Fla. L. Weekly S141 (Fla. Feb. 9, 2017), is not 
controlling in this case and why the Court should not decline to exercise 
jurisdiction in this case. Respondent may serve a reply on or before May 29, 2017. 
A True Copy 
Test: 
two 
Served: 
WILLIAM B. KING 
PAUL MORRIS 
PHILIP M. BURLINGTON 
MARC S. NURIK 
TONJA B HADDAD 
W. CHESTER BREWER, JR. 
JACK ALAN GOLDBERGER 
EFTA00809741

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809742.pdf
----------------------------------------
ID Ameritrade 
March 11, 2019 
Southern Financial tic Attn: Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Qtrs Ste B-3 
St Thomas, VI 00802-1348 
RE: TD Ameritrade Account 
Dear Jeffrey Epstein, 
We are writing to inform you we have made the decision to terminate our business relationship 
with you. This means you must either have a transfer in progress to another brokerage firm by 
April 11, 2019, or have liquidated and closed your account by that date. To initiate a transfer to 
another brokerage firm, please contact that firm for the necessary forms and information. 
Your TD Ameritrade account has been restricted to liquidating transactions only. If your account 
has check writing, ATM/Debit card, etc., please do not use these features as they will not be 
honored. 
If you have not closed your account, or do not have a transfer in progress by the close of 
business on April 11, 2019, please understand we may liquidate your account and mail you the 
proceeds in the form of a check, sent to your address of record. Alternatively, at our discretion, 
stock certificates may be issued for positions held in the account and mailed to your address of 
record. 
TD Ameritrade will not change this decision. Please do not attempt to open a new TD Ameritrade 
account in the future. 
Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. 
Sincerely, 
Retail Risk Management 
TD Ameritrade 
TO Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TO Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The 
Toronto-Dominion Bank. O2015 TO Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission. 
3000 TO Ameritrade Lane 
Southlake, TX 76092 
tdameritrade.com 
EFTA00809742

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809743.pdf
----------------------------------------
C
ase s 1 
CUSIVInet 
Tel: 
Email: 
Amu 
Quotation 
Job Name: 
Location: 
Quote Date: 
ECS Quote/Contract Na: 
/ Contract 
GYM EXPORT II 
t-a s,
Onto. 
ma re of sat 
The Saint James Group 
USVI 
St Croix, USVI 
4-Jan.18 
18-11146 
Brice GORDON 
Unit 
EGS 
Unit 
Unit 
Unit 
Screen Design Prea 
Unit 
Glass 
Unit 
Extended 
No. 
Guant. 
Series Na 
Width 
Height 
Config 
Request 
Pos/Neg 
Finish 
Type 
Price 
Price 
UAI130 
XO 
NO 
.801-135 
BRIM KYNAR 
9,16" Clear/Clear (.090" PVB 11141S) 
$4,060.52 
$12.181.56 
R-L/415501 
351/4 
WA 
.1001-100 
BRIM KYNAR 
9116" CleanClear (.090" SOP HS41S) 
$1211.23 
$6,056.15 
UAI130 
XO or OX 
NO 
.80/-130 
BRNZ KYNAR 
9,16" CleanClear (.090" PVB HMIS) 
$4,608.36 
$9,216.72 
Price
Z 
g 
Price 
:TOTAL UNITS 
Series "Bronze 
Film Protection 
or lamb 
steel Assembly 
Anodize (Class 
(70% Kynar) 
wrapped 
Medley. Fl 
handles with 
to be applied by EGS 
covers for exposed fasteners 
screws. stainless 
1) finish Sill Tracks. 
AAMA 2-605 finish 
& cart board. 
calculations 
interior tumb turn. 
as per installation instructions 
steel wheels. stainless steel lock assembly 
Water stop angle or water bar 
Replacement glass 
Silicone to seal frame cornea 
Screen ADD : $260.00 per screen 
$390.00 per screen 
order a Deposit Check: IFS WEEKS 
Tote Material Price: 
Includes• 
EGS "Modem 
Blue Max 
Button coven 
Stainless 
21.5R1 Clear 
PPG Donner 
To be bubble 
Delivery to 
Excludes: 
$27,050.43 
Total Quotation( 
°Ales Tax; 
Export 
Sur- Tax: 
Delivery Fees: 
Contract Price: 
127,454.43 
g0% Deormit Reaulowl• 
$13.72722 
Balance due on Delivery: 
$13.72722 
when ordered with SOD or 
when ordered at a later date. 
the thirty (30)day period. The installation as provided 
Manual. EGS International LW takes no 
This proposal is subject to EGS international 
to 
the 
by others 
resposibility to 
LLC Standard 
Dated: 
glass tint panel 
shall be in 
verify that 
Terms 
a 
Please 
Retention 
Shoe drawings. engineering 
Installation fasteners. grout or shims 
Perimeter sealant material 
Blue Max film protection 
Bituminous paint application 
Special warranty(EGS standard warranties apply) 
Field testing 
Receptor 
Indicate Sill Riser Mgt.: 
34" 
Sill Riser Ht.(.80 PSF Max) 
a 15:16" Sill Riser Ht.(+130 PSF Max) 
Current Delivery Time from receipt of confirmed 
Prices 
accordance 
design 
& Condtions 
By: 
Ali above 
subject to change if not 
with EGS International 
pressure requirements 
as enclosed. We 
Accepted By: 
The Saint lames Group 
accepted 
of the 
solicit 
within thirty 
LLC Product 
products listed 
days. Please 
Approvals (Miami 
above meet 
of 
Dated: 
call 
Dade 
the requirements 
this proposal 
EGS to confirm quotation alter 
& Florida 2017) and EGS installation 
of the customers application. 
in which event we promise 
By: 
your early acceptance 
give 
work our most careful attention. 
EGS International LLC 
Customer supplied design pressure requirements in request for quotation. 
_I 
X 
No design pressure were supplied to EGS International LLC ( EGS ) in request (or quotation. EGS 
cautions customer to check project design pressure requirements prior to pricing to your customer. 
since additional reinforcement or different glass interlayer requirements might need to he incurred 
which will result in additional cost increase. 
frame sins are final sizes by customer accenting contract_ customer has reviewed all information and accepts all frame sizes, 
conlieuations and panel slides as shown above. Any changes after acceptance of contract will incur additional charges and will delay shipment of product. 
•3133 SW 25 Street • Pembroke Park , Fl 33009 • 
EFTA00809743

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809744.pdf
----------------------------------------
Quotation 
Job Name; 
leaden: 
Quote Date; 
EGS Quore/Conuaa NA: 
/ Contract 
GYM 
Inteersastformal 
dir 
Glummer. 
Tel: 
Email: 
Atm: 
reS 
The Saint James Group 
USVI 
(340) 201-9533 
&iceGORDON 
SI Croix. USVI 
1-Aug-18 
18-11019 
Mark 
Unit 
EQS 
Unit 
Unit 
Unit 
Screen Design Pres. 
Unit 
Glass 
Unit 
Extended 
No. 
Ouant. 
Series No. 
Width 
Height 
Config 
Request 
PosNeg 
Finish 
Type 
Price 
Price 
L
LMI130 
OX OR XO See ADD 
40-135 
BRNZ KYNM 
9,16" Bronze:Bronze (.090" PVB HS'HS) 
$4.216.96 
$12.650.88 
R-LMI5501 35 1a1 
O 
NA 
.101X-100 
BRNZ KYNM 
9,16" Bronze:Bronze (.090" PVB HS'HS) 
$1.265.99 
$6.329.95 
Pricelncludes: 
TOTAL UNITS 
Series "Oil 
Film Protection 
or jamb 
steel Assembly 
Anodize (Class 
(70% Kynar) 
wrapped 
Medley. El 
Rubbed Bronze handles 
to be applied by EQS 
covers for exposed fasteners 
screws, stainless 
1) finish Sill Tracks. 
AAMA 2-605 finish 
& cart board. 
calculations 
with interior 
as 
steel wheels, 
apply) 
tomb 
per Installation 
stainless 
II 
Check: 
turn. 
Instructions 
steel lock assembly 
Water stop angle or water bar 
Replacement glass 
Silicone to seal frame corners 
Screen ADD : $260.00 per screen 
$460.00 per screen 
Please Indicate Finish for Classic 
Tote Material Price: 
$18.980.83 
Total Quotation,' 
Sklar= 
Sur- Tax: 
Export 
EGS "Classic 
Blue Max 
a Button covers 
Stainless 
a 2151O Clear 
¢ PPG Duranar 
j To be bubble 
Delivery to 
Price Excludes: 
Delivery Fear 
Contract Price' 
$18.980.83 
HINIlmflujusL 
59A00A2 
Balance due on Delivery: 
$9.490.42 
when ordered with SGD or 
when ordered at a later date. 
Series Handles: 
provided by others 
no resposibility 
International 
careful attention. 
Dated: 
glass tint. panel 
shall be 
to verify 
LLC 
Please 
Retention 
Shop drawings, engineering 
Installation fasteners. grout or shims 
Perimeter sealant material 
Blue Max film protection 
Bituminous paint application 
Special warrantyfEGS standard warranties 
Field testing 
Receptor 
indicate Sill Riser Hgt.: 
X 2 1,2" 
Sill Riser Ht.(See NOA for Spec Use) 
Bright Brass (PVD Coat) 
3/4" 
Sill Riser Ht4•430 PSF Max) 
Brushed Nickel (PVD Coat) 
415116" Sill Riser Ht4+130 PSF Max) 
X 
Oil Rubbed Bronze 
Current Delivery Time from receipt of confirmed order & Deposit 
ti-S WEEKS 
the thirty (30)day period. The installation as 
Manual. EQS International LLC takes 
application. This proposal is subject to EQS 
event we promise to give the work our most 
EGS International LLC 
Prices 
In accordance 
that 
Standard 
By 
All above 
subject to change If not 
with EGS International 
design pressure requirements 
Terms & Condtions 
Accepted By: 
The Saint lames Group 
accepted within thirty 
LLC Product 
of the products 
as enclosed. We solicit 
days. Please 
Approvals 
listed above 
your early 
Dated: 
call 
(Miami Dade 
meet the 
acceptance 
EQS to confirm quotation after 
& Florida 2017) and EQS Installation 
requirements of the customers 
of this proposal in which 
By: 
ICustomer supplied design preasure requirements in request for quotation. 
X 
No design pressure were supplied to EGS International 1.1.0 ( EGS )1n request for quotation. WS 
cautions customer to check project design pressure requirements prior to pricing to your customer. 
since additional reinforcement or different glass interlayer requirements might need to he incurred 
which will result in additional cost increase.
frame sizes are final sizes. by customer accepting contract . customer has reviewed all information and accepts all frame sizes. 
confiquations and panel slides as shown above. Any changes alter acceptance of contract will incur additional charges and will delay shipment of product. 
• 
• Pembroke Park , Fl 33009 • 
Fax • 
EFTA00809744

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809745.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. Jeffrey EPSTEIN 
East 71 Street 
NEW YORK 
NY 10001 
RE : 9 East 71 Street 
STATEMENT DATED OF 20/03/2017 
TRAVELLING EXPENSES 
SUPPLIERS 
DESCRIPTION 
TTC (EUROS) 
AIR France 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
30/03/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
022,91 C 
AIR France 
Mr Dufour's travel 
30/03/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
022,91 C 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
30/03/2016 to 01/04/2016 
400,13 C 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Dufour 's hotel 
30/03/2016 to 01/04/2016 
090,01 C 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
18/09/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
793,40 C 
LE PARKER MERIDIEN 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
18/09/2016 to 20/09/2016 
960,86 C 
LE PARKER MERIDIEN 
Mr Vilette 's hotel 
18/09/2016 to 20/09/2016 
956,65 C 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels 
30/11/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
800,00 C 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels 
05/12/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
397,60 C 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
14/12/2016 to 16/12/2016 
069,77 C 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Vilette's hotel 
14/12/2016 to 16/12/2016 
785,01 C 
TOTAL (EUROS) 
299,25 C 
EFTA00809745

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809746.pdf
----------------------------------------
FORGIVE ME FOR CONTINUING WITH PETER'S RESPONSE TO MY RESPONSE TO 
TWO POSTS. 
I HAVE LEARNED DIRECTLY FROM PETER BUT MORE OFTEN INDIRECTLY-HE 
HAS FORCED ME TO THINK THROUGH MATTERS AND IDENTIFY EXACTLY 
WHERE HE IS WRONG. 
I AM FINISHED WITH THAT NOW. LIFE IS SHORT AND MINE IS GETTING SHORTER 
BY THE DAY, SO I WILL REPEAT MY PIECE AND PETER'S RESPONSE TO IT (IN 
YELLOW) AND THEN MY CURRENT RESPONSE-IN CAPITAL LETTERS. 
I AM ALSO ADDING TWO NAMES TO 
LIST. DAVID HAIG WHO IS A 
BRILLIANT EVOLUTIONARY GENETICIST AT HARVARD AND JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
WHO IS A BRILLIANT FUND AND INVESTMENT MANAGER (PALM BEACH, NYC, US 
VIRGIN ISLANDS) WITH BROAD SCIENTIFIC INTERESTS. 
Dear Gruterites 
Gordon has now brought the argument full circle and given the project a larger 
meaning. The most powerful nation on earth, with the greatest power to vent 
harm—or, in theory, confer benefits—is ruled by an organism that fits the definition 
of a psychopath—of the narcissistic kind—or a malevolent narcissist. This presents 
serious dangers that need to be addressed. 
Peter Richerson has made several valuable points: 
1—Causality could go entirely in the other direction than the one I suggested—
people avoid more psychopathic relatives the more experience they have had due to 
closer relatedness. And the paper I attached does not allow discrimination. The fact 
that psychopaths show only a weak and insignificant tendency to migrate further 
from place of birth is mildly interesting but has nothing to do with who is causing 
any difference in migration. 
As far as I can think it through, selection pressures on psychopaths and relatives of 
psychopaths should be roughly equal and therefore equally likely. Peter is biased 
toward reaction by others, perhaps because of his bias toward "cultural" 
explanations. First, psychopaths always have the first move in the co-evolutionary 
struggle and relatives getting out of the way is the next move. Secondly, it is very 
easy for a psychopath to simply discriminate against harming his relatives but 
harder for them to study and react. Peter claims that they are often spotted early in 
life which I heartily doubt. 
EFTA00809746
--- PAGE 2 ---
«On why cultural explanations are important: It is, at root, a simple, fundamental 
Darwinian point. Evolution works on heritable variation. Human culture is much 
more variable than human genes, so the scope for cultural evolution is much greater 
than for genetic evolution. A simple example is the cultural adaptive radiation of 
humans in the Holocene. We recently spoke about 7,000 languages, most of them 
associated with more or less distinctive social and subsistence systems. A few 
languages—Spanish, English, Chinese—are spoken in societies with a great deal of 
internal social and economic diversity. Culturally we are sort of like thousands of 
species, but genetically we are only 1. To understand this adaptive radiation without 
understanding cultural evolution is impossible Boyd and I and our colleagues argue. 
On the longer time scale the whole human adaptation is all about exploiting cultural 
evolution to adapt to spatial and temporal variation. See Boyd's and my Not By 
Genes Alone: How Culture Transformed Human Evolution (Chicago, 2005) for the 
argument in full. Putting scare quotes around culture is simply whistling past the 
graveyard. If you are a Darwinian you ought to follow the variation, no? 
WELL, IS CULTURAL ARGUMENTATION SUFFICIENT WITHOUT GENETIC LOGIC? 
FOR EXAMPLE, WE KNOW THAT LANGUAGE AND RELIGIOUS DIVERSITY PER UNIT 
AREA IS POSITIVELY ASSOCIATED WITH INTENSITY OF PARASITE SELECTION. 
THE STRONGER SUCH SELECTION, THE MORE YOU ARE SELECTED TO AVOID 
STRANGERS WHO MAY BE CARRYING PARASITES TO WHICH THEY ARE ADAPTED 
BUT NOT YOURSELF. 
IN GENERAL PETER-AS WITH HIS ILK-SEEMS OBLIVIOUS TO THE POWERFUL 
EFFECTS OF CO-EVOLVING PARASITES ON HUMAN SOCIAL EVOLUITON IN THE 
PAST 40,000 YEARS. FOR EXAMPLE, PHONEME DIVERSITY HAS BEEN SHOWN TO 
OBEY THE SAME RULE AS GENETIC DIVERSITY-AS "WE" MOVED OUT OF ARICA 
IN THE LATEST WAVE ABOUT 100,000 YEARS AGO-SERIAL FOUNDER EFFECTS 
REDUCED GENETIC DIVERSITY AND ALSO PHONEMIC DIVERSITY STEADILY FROM 
THE COMPLEX CLICK-SOUNDS OF THE !KUNG BUSHMEN TO SOUTH AMERICAN 
LANGUAGES. A VERY RECENT PAPER SHOWS THE MATTER IS MORE COMPLEX IN 
AN INTERESTING WAY. 
"It is, at root, a simple, fundamental Darwinian point. Evolution works on heritable 
variation. Human culture is much more variable than human genes, so the scope for 
cultural evolution is much greater than for genetic evolution." 
THIS IS PURE BULLSHIT 
THERE IS NO UNIT OF HERITABLE CULTURAL VARIATION. THIS IS JUST A 
METAPHOR. CAN YOU NAME A UNIT THAT REMAINS CONSTANT OVER AN 
INDIVIDUAL'S LIFETIME AND THEN IS INHERITED UNCHANGED, ABSENT 
EFTA00809747
--- PAGE 3 ---
RECOMBINGATION? OF COURSE NOT. BUT THAT WOULD A TRULY DARWINIAN 
SYSTEM... 
INCIDENTALLY CANCER DOES EVOLVE IN US BUT IT IS A ONE-GENERATION 
WONDER, BEING ONLY PASSED ON IN ONLY A COUPLE OF SPECIES OF THE DOG 
FAMILY (where it has become a sexually transmitted disease). IN OURSELVES IT 
EVOLVES GENETICALLY IN ONE LIFETIME AND WE KNOW THE UNITS THAT ARE 
SELECTED FOR. PROBLEM IS THAT THERE ARE AN ALMOST INFINITE VARIETY OF 
CANCERS AND AS WE LEARN TO TREAT ONE, OTHERS COME TO THE FORE. 
The evidence for early onset of psychopathic and related symptoms is fairly 
convincing. See: 
Frick, P. J., & White, S. F. (2008). Research Review: The importance of callous-unemotional traits for 
developmental models of aggressive and antisocial behavior. Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry, 
49(4), 359-375. doi:10.1111/j.1469-7610.2007.01862.x 
The current paper reviews research suggesting that the presence of a callous and unemotional interpersonal 
style designates an important subgroup of antisocial and aggressive youth. Specifically, callous-unemotional 
(CU) traits (e.g., lack of guilt, absence of empathy, callous use of others) seem to be relatively stable across 
childhood and adolescence and they designate a group of youth with a particularly severe, aggressive, and 
stable pattern of antisocial behavior. Further, antisocial youth with CU traits show a number of distinct 
emotional, cognitive, and personality characteristics compared to other antisocial youth. These 
characteristics of youth with CU traits have important implications for causal models of antisocial and 
aggressive behavior, for methods used to study antisocial youth, and for assessing and treating antisocial 
and aggressive behavior in children and adolescents. 
NONSENSE-THE AUTHORS ARE NOT EVEN TALKING ABOUT PSYCHOPATHIC 
BEHAVIOR BUT RATHER 'AGGRESSIVE AND ANTISOCIAL BEHAVIOR' 
I don't know of any real data that can be used to estimate how selection falls on 
psychopaths and their relatives, only anecdotes. Anecdotally, psychopaths make 
lousy mates and parents, suggesting that relatives do indeed suffer from having a 
psychopathic relative. In simple societies individuals who seem like psychopaths are 
often exiled or assassinated often with the assent of their families. If psychopathy is 
in a frequency dependent equilibrium, selection on family members that might 
share genes (or culture) for psychopathy would be part of the selection against it. 
pjr» 
TRUMP IS NOT THE PERFECT MATE BUT IS HE REALLY A 'LOUSY FATHER'?-ASK 
HIS CHILDREN, IVANKA, DONALD JR ETC-THEY SURE DON'T ACT LIKE THEY 
HATE HIM. HOW ABOUT VICTIMS OF HINDU AND MUSLIM HONOR KILLINGS WHO 
ARE 'ASSASSINATED"WITH THE ASSENT OF THEIR FAMILIES'-ARE THE VICTIMS 
PSYCHOPATHS OR ARE THEIR KILLERS? FOR THE EVOLUTIONARY GENETICS OF 
HONOR KILLINGS-SEE BELOW. NOTE THAT CULTURAL PEOPLE HAVE OFFERED 
LITTLE OR NOTHING OF VALUE ON THIS SUBJECT BUT EVOLUTINARY GENETICS 
AT ONCE SUGGESTS AN INTERESTING AND VERY STRONG EFFECT. 
EFTA00809748
--- PAGE 4 ---
2— His suggestion that chimpanzee dominance hierarchies consist of a version of 
psychopathy is utterly novel to me and most interesting. I had always thought of 
dominance hierarchies as being associated with tyranny and despotism—but are 
these not often associated with psychopathy?! 
«Yes, dominants seem to be pretty callous, lacking in empathy, and out for 
themselves. Human evolution involves getting something like psychopathy from 
near fixation down to a low roar. See my former students and my 2016 BBS paper. It 
is on my web site. pjr» 
"NEAR FIXATION"—SEZ WHO? OH YOU AND YOUR STUDENTS—NOW THAT'S A 
SURPRISE. 
Consider the "Butcher of Bagdad" Saddam Hussein or the sadistic Basir Assad. The 
only thing they didn't do is specialize in rape, although Saddam's son Uday did and 
we can be sure each had greater than average reproductive success but note how 
sensitive each is to degree of relatedness writ large. Saddam was most biased 
toward people that came from his place of birth, along the Tigrit River, then people 
in the surrounding province and then Sunnis over Shia. 
Since he was willing to kill others on a large scale-200,000 Shia slaughtered when 
the idiotic first Bush allowed Saddam to retain his Airforce after we had marched to 
Bagdad after flinging Saddam's troops out of Kuwait Or for that matter, Saddam's 
attack on Shia Iran which claimed more than a million lives on both sides. 
«Psychiatrists discourage the diagnosis of leaders without proper clinical 
interviews, especially on the part of layfolk. I would not defend the above guys, but I 
think it is important to understand that the fractious, low trust, multi-ethnic, multi-
confessional turf they ruled would lead to psychopath-like behavior even if those 
leaders were clinically sane. GW Bush's (and Obama's re Gaddafi and drone 
assassinations) big mistake was assuming that once the bad leaders were toppled 
the problem was mainly solved. In Afghanistan, Libya, and Iraq, decapitating the bad 
guys hasn't worked very well even when we go at it wholesale as in drone 
assassinations. Getting Assad out of the way in Syria will not solve the bitter 
Sunni/Shia/Kurdish/secular feuding there. The American attempts to do good, if 
that is even the correct characterization, in the Middle East has been a fiasco. We 
need to learn from our errors I reckon. One general definition of insanity is doing 
the same thing again and again and expecting a different result. US attempts to 
police bits of Asia (small, poor bits at that) have not succeeded since the stalemate 
in Korea. And yet we keep thinking that we can make the apparently unworkable 
work. pjr» 
EFTA00809749
--- PAGE 5 ---
I FEEL CERTAIN I HAVE HAD FAR MORE EXPERIENCE WITH PSYCHIATRISTS THAN 
PETER HAS. AM I A "LAY PERSON"? WHO KNOWS? IF ALL NON-PSYCHIATRISTS 
ARE LAY PEOPLE THEN PSYCHIATRISTS ARE MERELY PUFFING THEMSELVES UP 
AND ROPING THEMSELVES OFF, SOMETHING THEY HAVE BEEN DOING SINCE THE 
TIME OF FREUD. 
"One general definition of insanity is doing the same thing again and again and 
expecting a different result." 
NOT REALLY—THIS IS A FAMOUS JOKE OF EINSTEIN'S BUT, HEY, WHO'SE 
COUNTING? 
TRUMP AS AN ORGANISM-AS SEEN BY A "LAY PERSON" 
STRONGLY BIASED TOWARD CLOSE FAMILY 
STRONGLY BIASED AGAINST DISTANT RELATIVES-A RACIST OF THE 
FIRST RANK 
EXTREME NARCISSIST 
A STRATEGY OF RANDOM MOVES-TO FOOL OTHERS? AND/OR KEEP 
ATTENTION PERPETUALLY FOCUSED ON HIM?-INCREDIBLE HOW HE WILL 
GO AGAINST THE NRA ONE DAY AND INVITE IN THEIR LEADERS THE 
FOLLOWING DAY 
LYING CONTINUOUSLY--VERY CREATIVE AND OBSTINATE-PRODUCING 
AN ENTIRE ALTERNATE UNIVERSE, PERMITTING HIM TO REVERSE COURSE 
AND COVER TRACKS AT THE SAME TIME 
Minor matters: 
Peter points out that Mealy (1995) was the first reference he knows of on 
psychopathy being under frequency dependent selection. An earlier paper, cited in 
the one I attached, developed the same argument—Harpending and Sobus 1987. 
Peter characterizes sickle cell anemia as a "crude adaptation to malaria". Crude? In 
what sense? 
A single copy of the sickle gene gives you anemia, in which the normal shape of the 
red blood cell—a flat round pill—changes under low oxygen tension into a sickle 
shape which crushes the malarial plasmodium inside it. The low oxygen tension is 
caused by the parasite itself, since it consumes oxygen in the red blood cell. The cell 
then quickly flips back into normal shape as the oxygen tension returns to normal 
levels. A sickle individual without malaria suffers no cost at all, since all red blood 
cells have oxygen tension well above the level that would cause sickling. 
EFTA00809750
--- PAGE 6 ---
Sickle cell DISEASE by contrast refers to an individual with two sickle genes and this 
is a serious condition since there is extensive sickling in a person who is otherwise 
normal and lacks, for example, malaria. The survival rate of such individuals in 
Jamaica (where 10% of the population have a sickle gene and 1% two copies) is 57 
years, a good 10+ years below normal—nor is life pleasant or easy. This is the only 
crudity in the same, the failure to ameliorate the negative effects of two copies. 
It is correct as Peter says, that relatively recent human invasion by malaria 
(-10,000 years ago) was probably in response to large population increases due to 
agriculture and so on. This short time period has also prevented much selection to 
ameliorate the sickle cell disease. It is not true, however, that "it and many other 
crude adaptations" result from the "ability of the malarial parasites to outwit the 
immune system". First of all, other "adaptations" are no more crude than the sickle 
trait. For example, the Duffy antigen, a surface protein on red blood cells, is designed 
to spot Plasmodium and prevent entry. And the parasite does not "outwit the 
immune system". It is one of the very few Protozoa (or for that matter bacteria) that 
live WITHIN cells and thus escape the immune system entirely (except see below). 
Viruses live inside cells, precisely why we can't use antibiotics against them. 
And here is a joke for you. Bacteria, as we know, are rapidly evolving resistance to 
almost all antibiotics but on many tips of the branches of the bacterial bush, species 
are evolving that DEPEND on antibiotics for their food—stop treating them with 
antibiotics and they die of hunger! 
Plasmodium reproduces within its red blood cell and the offspring are released into 
the blood as the cell bursts. Now the immune system responds strongly and all hell 
breaks loose, fever and chills, bed-ridden and sometimes dead. When given a choice, 
mosquitos preferentially bite sick people, perhaps because they are too weak to 
swat the mosquitos away. Once in a mosquito, they do nothing to harm it other than 
congregate in its mouth near the biting organ, the better to arrive new human. 
«A more sophisticated adaptation could be had by duplicating the hemoglobin 
gene and selecting for haplotypes that have one normal and one sickling allele at the 
duplicated loci. This haplotype could evolve to fixation because everyone would 
functionally be the analog of a heterozygote. The production of hemoglobin from 
each locus would have to halved at the same time so as not to overproduce it. 
Perhaps the reason this adaptation has not yet evolved is due to the problem of 
needing the conjunction of two rare events, the duplication and downregulation, at 
one time. 
EFTA00809751
--- PAGE 7 ---
In general, I think maladaptations are common and interesting. After all, 
Darwinian's strongest plank in the argument against creationism is the relative 
crudity of the materialistic evolutionary process. An Omniscient Designer would 
have duplicate and downregulated the hemoglobin gene in the face of malaria rather 
than wait for hundreds or thousands of generations for natural selection to get on 
with it. pjr» 
MY, MY—SO NOW WE ARE IN THE BUSINESS OF TELLING THE WORLD HOW GOD 
WOULD HAVE HANDLED THE WHOLE MATTER. I BARELY UNDERSTAND MY 
LITTLE CORNER OF THE WORLD MUCH LESS THE MIND OF THE OMNISCIENT 
CREATOR. WHO SAYS SHE OR HE IS BIASED TOWARD HUMANS? PERHAPS SHE 
HAS AN AFFECTION FOR FLAsmonitIM AS IN HALDANE'S FAMOUS JOKETO WHEN 
ASKED BY A CLERIC WHAT A LIFETIME STUDY OF EVOLUTION HAD TAUGHT 
HALDANE ABOUT THE NATURE OF THE CREATOR-"AN INORDINATE FONDNESS 
FOR BEETLES"-AT THAT TIME, 1/3RD OF ALL ANIMAL SPECIES-300,000-WERE 
BEETLES. 
I enjoyed Brian Mannix's comment, most especially "Pseven". His argument for 
cooperation is the same as that of Adam Smith in the Wealth of Nations. Once a 
medium of exchange is introduced into a system of barter, itself a reciprocal 
relationship, it can be vastly extended, with specialization such that one individual 
no longer produces ten pencils/day, but ten people are specialized to produce a 
single pencil—and thus a thousand/day. I too share an aversion to cultural/group 
selection though perhaps for other reasons. But I side with Peter in feeling that 
male self-domestication is more important in damping male psychopathy than 
female choice—Richard Wrangham vs Sarah Hrdy among evolutionary 
anthropologists. 
«I don't think scientists should have aversions to hypothesis. They should be cool 
analysts of data and models rather than depend on emotional hunches. I think our 
BBS paper at least establishes that cultural group selection is a viable explanation 
for human cooperation. If you think otherwise we describe how you can kill the 
hypothesis: show that (1) culture does not act as an inheritance system, or that (2) 
between group cultural variation is too low as it generally is for genetic variation, or 
that (3) cultural variation is not consequential for human competition, or that (4) 
human competition does not have a group-organized component The trouble for 
your aversion is that the pretty plain evidence is that all four of these statements are 
counterfactual. pjr» 
Peter's argument on reduction of inter-birth interval in humans again veers off into 
culture-land when one does not need it—paternal investment, grandmother 
investment and older sibling investment are all expected on genetic grounds. The 
authority on the subject is David Haig at Harvard. 
EFTA00809752
--- PAGE 8 ---
«Humans are such funny old things! We create cultural institutions to manage 
things for which you and Haig say can, in theory, be managed by kinship and 
reciprocity. Marriage and kinship systems are a great example. Why do societies 
generally have one or a few marriage contracts and kinship systems on offer even 
tho marriage and kinship are quite variable cross-culturally? 
Why the devil do we bother with cultural institutions when plain old evolutionary 
biology ought to do the trick? There is at least arguably some slip between "in 
principle" and "in fact" that ought to make an evolutionist curious. I like this 
argument (see Rob's or Sarah's web site): 
Mathew, S., Boyd, It, & Van Veelen, M. (2013). Human cooperation among kin and close associates may 
require enforcement of norms by third parties. In P. J. Richerson & M. Christiansen (Eds.), CulturatEvolution 
(pp. 4S-60). Cambridge Mk MIT Press. pjr» 
IF THIS IS TRUE—THAT "HUMAN COOPERATION AMONG KIN" and also AMONG 
"CLOSE ASSOCIATES"-"MAY REQUIRE ENFORCEMENT OF NORMS BY THIRD 
PARTIES", THEN I HAVE WASTED 40 YEARS OF MY LIFE ON THESE TOPICS. 
THE MORE GENERAL PROBLEM WITH PETER'S BIAS IS THAT SO LITTLE OF 
INTEREST HAS EMERGED FROM CULTURAL ARGUMENTATION. CONTRAST 
GENETIC. FOR EXAMPLE, WE NOW KNOW THAT WHEN MATERNAL 
GRANDMOTHERS INVEST IN THEIR CHILDREN'S CHILDREN, BOTH 
GRANDDAUGHTERS AND GRANDSONS BENEFIT, WHILE WHEN PATERNAL 
GRANDMOTHERS DO THE INVESTING, GRANDDAUGHTERS BENEFIT WHILE 
GRANDSONS ARE HARMED. THIS WAS PREDICTED BASED ON THE DIFFERENT 
WAY IN WHICH THE GRANDMOTHER'S X CHROMOSOME IS INHERITED IN THE 
TWO SYSTEMS. NO "CULTURAL" ARGUMENTATION HAS COME ANYWHERE CLOSE. 
OR TAKE THE LOGIC OF SO-CALLED HONOUR KILLINGS, WHICH I HAVE NOW 
WORKED ON INTENSIVELY FOR TWO YEARS. NOTHING OF USE FROM CULTURAL 
"THEORY" BUT A POWERFUL ARGUMENT BASED ON THE EFFECTS OF REPEATED 
FIRST COUSIN MARRIAGES IN MUSLIM SOCIETIES-AND IN HINDU SOCIETIES 
ENDOGAMOUS CASTES IN COMPETITION WITH EACH OTHER. See my talk in 
Barcelona, Spain https://youtu.be/F 4Lr13rnx 
EFTA00809753

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809754.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tax 2017 
Income from capital gains: 
— Sold 2,420 shares of MicroPsi GmbH (Berlin) for Euro 2,420 total on 05/09 2017 (part of 
a deal with investors for a small startup I co-founded in September 2014) = USD 2706.53 
(exchange rate as of May 2017) 
— Bitcoin: (USD amount is currently held on Bitcoin exchange "Bitstamp" in Luxembourg, 
and transferring it out requires me to open up a new bank account): sold on 12/07/2017 for 
net USD 71,224.02, bought on 02/27/2014 for USD 2,730.02 
Travels to conferences 
CCC, December 2017 
hotel adina 27-30 
12/27 debit card debit auth 375471 hotel adina apartment leipzig: 530.91 
IJCAI 20-25 august melbourne 
flight 14, 27 
08/25 cab fare melbourne 24.93 
08/21 black cab oukleigh au 10.00 
08/21 crown metropol 1562.60 
07/12 ijcai registration 950.00 
AC! 15-19 august melbourne 
08/18 hotel ibis melboume 16.12 
08/21 hotel ibis melboume 176.96 
08/16 hotel ibis melboume 346.23 
EFTA00809754
--- PAGE 2 ---
08/10 uber 52.60 
08/10 uber 5.00 
07/11 agi fee 400.00 
DLD NYC MaY 11th 
AAAI spring 27-29 03 
fee 
flight 03/11 delta air 372.60 
03/19 delta 239.00 
Science of Consciousness San Diego 4-11 Juni 
fee flight 
06/11 uber 26.66 
hotel 06/13 hyatt regency la jolla san diego 1775.88 
05/30: American Airlines paypal 302.22 
04/27 science of consciousness conf 575.00 
04/28 jetblue 742.40 
AAAI fall Arlington 07-11 november (see below) 
fee 
flight 
hotel 
EFTA00809755
--- PAGE 3 ---
AAAI Conference/membership Spring 2018 
12/11 debit card debit/auth 132767 AAAI: 795.00 
Income 
Income from Grants via II+ 
02/28 deposit 8333.00 
03/29 deposit wire in 50000 
07/03 deposit wire in 109250.00 
wires from jeffrey 
06/17 deposit 10000 
Working expenses 
Webhosting on Github 
84.00 
Domain services 
10/24 101domain 12.00 
Business cards 
06/12 moo corn 110.68 
november (Arlington + NYC, see above) 
11/27 auth 219361 taxi long island new york 19.75 
11/27 auth 464586 taxi svc bronx new york 14.12 
11/27 auth 524863 bos taxi boston 0921 40.60 
11/27 uber 3.00 
11/27 uber 9.52 
EFTA00809756
--- PAGE 4 ---
11/24 uber 5.44 
11/24 uber 54.45 
11/24 uber 6.00 
11/24 uber 67.74 
11/24 uber 5.00 
11/24 uber 65.59 
11/22 uber 5.00 
11/22 uber 8.15 
11/17 amtrak 08008727245 861.00 
11/14 NYC taxiad315 49.11 
11/13 westin arlington 35.01 
11/13 westin arlington 35.00 
11/13 amtrak mobile 93.00 
11/13 westin arlington 7.81 
11/13 westing arlington 6.49 
oct (Arlington and Mainz, see above) 
10/20 westin arlington 608.15 
10/19 jetblue 261.41 
10/11 air lingus 877.44 
10/06 airbnb 882.69 
EFTA00809757
--- PAGE 5 ---
10/10 
september (Arlington and Mainz, see above) 
09/29 DB Bahn automat jena 58.41 
09/25 DBaBahn automat frankfurt 156.09 
09/21 DB Bahn automat frankfurt 5.77 
09/18 AAAI 395.00 
09/05 travel insurance 79.58 
may (DLD NYC, see above) 
05/10 amtrak 290.00 
05/11 taxi astori 20.16 
05/12 taxi svc bronx 26.16 
05/13 taxi svc new york 18.36 
05/15 taxi new york 18.95 
05/15 taxi new york 34.56 
Possible additional expenses (not used in return) 
Office space for 
02/07 check 1130 450 
04/24 
heck 1150 150.00 
10/24 check 1173
350.00 
School fees 
EFTA00809758
--- PAGE 6 ---
280 
280 
17,850.00/2 
130.00 
280.00 
300.00 
800 
17850/2 
800 
Healthcare cost 
EFTA00809759
--- PAGE 7 ---
100.00 
Other 
EFTA00809760
--- PAGE 8 ---
Cost for school 
Swimming classes 
EFTA00809761
--- PAGE 9 ---
nsurances 
Car 
Commerce insurance 1373.91 
10/16 AAA membership 82.00 
EFTA00809762
--- PAGE 10 ---
House 
Amica Mutual Insurance 125.00 
EFTA00809763

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809764.pdf
----------------------------------------
Td Bank Wiring Instructions 
TD BANK 
540 Morris Avenue 
Springfield, NJ 07081 
ABA 031201360 
Account 
NLR Ventures, LLC 
EFTA00809764

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809765.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE RICHARD N. MERKIN 2018 TRUST 
THIS TRUST AGREEMENT ("Agreement"), dated July 
, 2018, by and among 
RICHARD N. MERKIN, as Grantor ("Grantor"), and [DARREN K. INDYKEI and [RICHARD 
D. KAHN[, as Trustees ("my Trustee"), of The Richard N. Merkin 2018 Trust. 
The Grantor hereby pays over, assigns, grants, conveys, transfers and delivers to my Trustee 
the property described in Schedule A annexed hereto and made a part hereof (the "Trust Estate"), to 
be administered and disposed of as provided in this Agreement, with any additions, changes, or 
amendments to this Agreement. 
The trust created hereby shall be known as the "The Richard N. Merkin 2018 Trust" or the 
"this Trust." 
Article I 
During My Lifetime 
The following provisions shall apply during my lifetime: 
Section 1.1. 
- Disbursement of Income 
During my lifetime, all of the income of the Trust Estate shall be paid to me, or accumulated 
or paid as I may direct in writing from time to time. 
Section 1.2. 
- Disbursement of Principal 
My Trustee may distribute any part or all of the principal of the Trust Estate to me as I may 
direct in writing from time to time. 
Section 1.3. 
- Specific Rights Reserved to Me 
A. 
I reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, to amend this 
Agreement, in whole or in part, by a written instrument executed and acknowledged by me. 
B. 
I reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, in my sole and 
unfettered discretion, to remove any trustee of any trust created under this Agreement, including 
my Trustee, by a written instrument executed and acknowledged solely by me. 
C. 
I reserve the right, at any time, to revoke this Trust in its entirety or any 
provision hereof by a written instrument executed and acknowledged solely by me. 
D. 
I reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, to withdraw or 
appoint any part or all of the principal of the Trust Estate by a written instrument executed and 
acknowledged solely by me. 
EFTA00809765
--- PAGE 2 ---
E. 
I reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, to transfer to my 
Trustee, by gift, by Will or by beneficiary designation, such additional property, including life 
insurance policies, as I may desire. Any such additional property shall be held on the same 
terms as are then applicable to the original Trust Estate, except that it may be transferred 
subject to conditions and provisions of special application to such additional property. 
Article II 
After My Death 
The following provisions shall apply after my death: 
Section 2.1. 
- Payment of My Debts and of Taxes and Expenses 
My Trustee shall pay from the principal of the Trust Estate (a) my debts, funeral and 
burial expenses and the administration expenses of my probate estate which are not paid by the 
Executor of my probate estate, and (b) the federal and state estate, inheritance, succession, 
generation skipping and similar taxes imposed by reason of my death which are the obligations 
of my Trustee (including any of such taxes which the Executor of my probate estate directs my 
Trustee to pay by written direction delivered to my Trustee). For purposes of this Section 2.1, the 
principal of the Trust Estate shall not include (a) any assets which are not included in my Gross 
Estate or (b) any assets which are not subject to, or available to creditors for the payment of, my 
debts, my funeral and burial expenses or the administration expenses of my probate estate. 
Section 2.2. 
- Specific Bequests or Devises Under My Will 
If my probate estate is insufficient to satisfy all pecuniary bequests (or bequests payable 
in cash or in kind in the discretion of the Executor of my probate estate) provided in my Will, my 
Trustee shall pay such unpaid bequests from the principal of the Trust Estate. If my Will 
provided for a specific bequest or devise of specified assets and such bequest or devise could not 
be satisfied from my probate estate because such assets were held by my Trustee at my death, my 
Trustee shall distribute such assets to satisfy such bequest or devise. 
Section 2.3. 
- Balance of Trust Estate 
The balance of the Trust Estate, after the distributions provided in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 of 
this Article II, shall be distributed as follows: 
A. 
[Fifty percent (50%) thereof outright to GRATITUDE AMERICA, 
LTD., a United States Virgin Islands not-for-profit corporation, if it shall be a valid, duly 
existing and active corporation on the date of my death.] 
B. 
[Fifty percent (50%) thereof outright to J. EPSTEIN VIRGIN 
ISLANDS FOUNDATION, INC. (A/IC/A ENHANCED EDUCATION), a United States 
Virgin Islands not-for-profit corporation, if it shall be a valid, duly existing and active 
corporation on the date of my death.' 
C. 
[If on the date of my death, GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD. is not a 
valid, duly existing and active corporation, then One Hundred percent thereof to J. 
EFTA00809766
--- PAGE 3 ---
EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS FOUNDATION, INC. (A/K/A ENHANCED EDUCATION), 
if on the date of my death it is a valid, duly existing and active corporation.] 
D. 
[If on the date of my death J. EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FOUNDATION, INC. (A/K/A ENHANCED EDUCATION) is not a valid, duly existing and 
active corporation, then One Hundred percent thereof to GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD., 
if on the date of my death it is a valid, duly existing and active corporation.] 
E. 
[If on the date of my death neither GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD. 
nor J. EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS FOUNDATION, INC. (A/K/A ENHANCED 
EDUCATION) is a valid, duly existing and active corporation, then my Trustee is hereby 
directed to designate, in my Trustee's discretion, one or more charitable organizations, 
including private foundations, private operating foundations and public charities, to which 
the balance of the Trust Estate shall be distributed.] 
Article III 
Trust Administration 
Section 3.1. 
- Exercise of Discretionary Powers 
Except as hereinbefore specifically provided, in connection with the exercise of a 
discretionary power to distribute income or principal to any person, there shall be no requirement 
to take into account such person's other income or capital resources, the interest of such person in 
any other fund or the duty of anyone to support such person, although these factors may be taken 
into account. 
Section 3.2. 
- Discretionary Distributions 
Any discretionary payment from any trust hereunder shall be charged against such trust 
as a whole, and shall not be charged against the individual share of any person at any time. 
Section 3.3. 
- Allocation of Assets 
A. 
For each distribution, partial distribution, allocation, or division of assets 
into shares or trusts involving a fraction, my Trustee shall apply such fraction to the fair market 
value of the relevant assets on the date of such distribution, allocation, or division, whichever 
first occurs. My Trustee shall appropriately adjust such fractions to reflect the effect of any 
partial distributions, allocations, or divisions, taking into account the fair market value as of the 
date of distribution, allocation, or division, whichever first occurred, of the assets so distributed, 
allocated, or divided. 
B. 
My Trustee shall value any assets distributed, allocated, or divided to 
satisfy (in whole or in part) a pecuniary distribution at the fair market value of such assets on the 
date of such distribution, allocation, or division, whichever first occurs. 
Section 3.4. 
- Accounting Allocations 
A. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement and except as 
provided in Paragraph B of this Section 3.4, my Trustee shall allocate receipts and disbursements 
EFTA00809767
--- PAGE 4 ---
in accordance with sound trust accounting principles and have discretion to allocate receipts and 
disbursements when, in the judgment of my Trustee the treatment is uncertain under applicable 
laws or generally accepted accounting principles. 
B. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, my Trustee 
shall not treat any part of the principal amount of the proceeds of sale of any asset of any trust 
created hereunder as income distributable to or for the benefit of any beneficiary entitled to 
distributions of income; provided, however, that my Trustee shall treat a portion of any proceeds 
of sale of any financial instrument originally issued or acquired at a discount equal to the amount 
which (1) has previously been characterized as ordinary income for income tax purposes or (2) 
will be characterized as ordinary income for income tax purposes in the year of such sale, as 
income for trust accounting purposes. 
Section 3.5. 
- Spendthrift Provision 
During the term of any trust created hereunder, no money or other assets (either principal 
or income) payable or distributable under the provisions of this Agreement shall be pledged, 
assigned, transferred, given, conveyed, hypothecated, sold, anticipated, charged, or encumbered 
by any Beneficiary hereunder, nor shall the income and principal of any such trust, while in the 
possession of my Trustee be liable for any debts, contracts, obligations, or undertakings of such 
Beneficiary, voluntary or involuntary, or for any claims or judgments against any Beneficiary, 
including claims for alimony or for the support of any Beneficiary's spouse or children, or for 
reimbursement of a federal, state or local government, or any agency of any federal, state, or 
local government, for the support of any Beneficiary hereunder, prior to the time such money or 
assets are actually paid or distributed to such Beneficiary. Any attempted pledge, assignment, 
transfer, gift, conveyance, hypothecation, anticipation, charge, or encumbrance of any money or 
assets (either income or principal) payable or distributable under the provisions of this 
Agreement by any Beneficiary hereunder prior to the time such money or assets are actually paid 
or distributed to such Beneficiary shall be null and void and shall not be recognized by my 
Trustee. This Section 3.5 of this Article III shall not apply to me. 
Section 3.6. - Division and Combination of Trusts 
A. 
For any administrative, tax or other purpose determined by my Trustee to 
be in the best interests of any Beneficiary (including any remainderman) hereunder, my Trustee 
may at any time and from time to time (whether before or after funding), without approval of any 
court, divide any trust under this Agreement into two or more separate trusts or combine two or 
more trusts with substantially identical terms (whether or not such trusts resulted from division 
of a prior trust). 
B. 
If property is directed to be added to any trust hereunder (the "Original 
Trust"), whether by the terms of this Agreement any other agreement, or the Will of any person, 
my Trustee may hold such property as one or more separate trusts on terms identical to the terms 
of the Original Trust. My Trustee may allocate such property among the separate trusts (if any) 
into which the Original Trust was divided, whether or not pro-rata, using specific assets or 
EFTA00809768
--- PAGE 5 ---
undivided interests therein (including allocation of all such property to one of such separate 
trusts). 
C. 
Any time during the existence of separate trusts created by division of a 
trust hereunder, my Trustee may exercise all discretionary powers differently with respect to the 
separate trusts and take all other actions consistent with such trusts being separate entities. 
Furthermore, the holder of any power of appointment with respect to such separate trusts may 
exercise such power differently with respect to each such trust. 
Section 3.7. 
- Consolidation of Trusts 
If at any time after my death there is in existence a trust under my Will or any trust 
agreement created by me having identical beneficiaries and substantially the same terms as any 
trust under this Agreement, my Trustee may terminate the trust hereunder and transfer the assets 
thereof to the trustees of such other trust having such identical beneficiaries and substantially the 
same terms, to be administered by the trustees thereof. Different termination dates under the 
applicable Rule Against Perpetuities shall not be deemed a difference in the terms of such trusts, 
but the portion of the trust representing the transferred assets shall retain the same termination 
date as the Original Trust. 
Section 3.8. 
- Termination of Trusts 
Notwithstanding anything herein, any trust created hereunder for any person shall (unless 
terminated earlier) terminate upon the day preceding the expiration of the maximum period 
permitted under the Rule Against Perpetuities as applied under the laws of [the State of New 
Californialithe Territory of the United States Virgin Islands', for the vesting of an interest in 
a trust and upon such date the assets of such trust shall be distributed to such person. 
Section 3.9. 
- Equitable Adjustment 
If my Trustee decides to exercise or not exercise any fiduciary power granted by this 
Agreement or by law (including, without limitation, any election available to my Trustee) and 
the exercise or nonexercise of such power confers a benefit on one Beneficiary or class of 
Beneficiaries hereunder and imposes a detriment upon another Beneficiary or class of 
Beneficiaries hereunder, my Trustee shall not attempt to restore the interests of the Beneficiaries 
or classes of Beneficiaries to the position otherwise contemplated by this Agreement through 
adjustment between income and principal or otherwise. 
Section 3.10. - Lapsed Distribution 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, a provision for distribution 
to an individual who is not surviving at the date such individual otherwise becomes eligible for 
such distribution shall lapse notwithstanding any law to the contrary. 
Section 3.11. - Notice 
Any notice required hereunder shall be delivered personally or sent by first class or 
certified mail addressed to the last known address of the intended recipient. 
EFTA00809769
--- PAGE 6 ---
Section 3.12. - Termination of Trust 
An instrument in writing completely revoking this Agreement prior to my death shall, 
without more, upon delivery to my Trustee, completely terminate all of my Trustees' right, title, 
and interest to any life insurance proceeds, death benefits, pension, profit sharing, or other 
retirement benefits or any other assets otherwise payable to my Trustee. 
Article IV 
Powers of My Trustee 
The provisions of this Article IV shall apply to my Trustee. 
Sect ion 4.1. 
- Exercise of Judgment and Powers 
The trustee of each trust hereunder, or any successor trustee thereof, has the entire care 
and custody of all assets of such trust. Each such trustee has the power to do everything such 
trustee in good faith deems advisable, provided that such trustee does so in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement, without necessity of any judicial authorization or approval, even 
though but for this power it would not be authorized or appropriate for fiduciaries under any 
statutory or other rule of law. Each such trustee shall exercise such trustee's best judgment and 
discretion for what such trustee believes to be in the best interests of such trust and the 
Beneficiaries of such trust. If more than two trustees are empowered as trustees under any 
provisions of this Agreement to participate in the decision to exercise or not exercise any 
fiduciary power granted by this Agreement or by law, a majority of such trustees shall be 
empowered to make such decision. If two trustees are so empowered, such decision must be 
made unanimously by both trustees so empowered. 
Section 4.2. 
- Compensation of Trustees 
Each trustee serving as My Trustee hereunder shall be compensated (including, without 
limitation, the payment of commissions and all other applicable compensation) for serving as my 
Trustee to the full extent provided under the law of [the State of California] [the Territory of 
the United States Virgin Islands]. In addition, each trustee serving as my Trustee hereunder 
shall be reimbursed for all reasonable costs, expenses, charges, and liabilities reasonably 
incurred or paid in connection with acting as trustee or performing services hereunder, including, 
but not limited to, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel or any other agents reasonably hired 
by my Trustee, and my Trustee shall not be liable therefor individually. My Trustee has 
discretion hereunder to pay such compensation and reimbursements from trust assets, without 
obtaining judicial authorization or approval. 
Section 4.3. 
- General Investment Powers 
A. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, and subject to Section 
4.1 hereof, each trustee of any trust created hereunder has the power with respect to such trust: 
I. To enter upon and take possession of the assets of such trust and collect 
the income and profits from such assets, and to invest and reinvest such assets in real, 
EFTA00809770
--- PAGE 7 ---
personal, or mixed assets (including the common trust funds of a corporate fiduciary) or in 
undivided interests therein without being limited by any present or future investment laws; 
2. To retain all or any part of the assets of such trust (without regard to the 
proportion that any one asset or class of assets may bear to the whole) in the form in which 
such assets were received or acquired by such trustee; 
3. To sell or dispose of, exchange, transfer, invest, or loan all or any part of 
the assets of such trust which such trustee holds, at any time, for such sums or upon such 
terms as to payment, security, or otherwise as such trustee determines, either by public or 
private transactions; 
4. To buy and sell options, warrants, puts, calls or other rights to purchase or 
sell (collectively called "options") relating to any security or securities, regardless of whether 
such security or securities are then held by such trustee, and whether such options are 
purchased or sold on a national securities exchange, and to exercise with respect to such 
options all powers which an individual owner thereof could exercise, including, without 
limitation, the right to allow the same to expire; 
5. 
With respect to oil, natural gas, minerals, and all other natural resources 
and rights to and interests therein (together with all equipment pertaining thereto) including, 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, oil and gas royalties, leases, or other oil and 
gas interests of any character, whether owned in fee, as lessee, lessor, licensee, concessionaire 
or otherwise, or alone or jointly with others as partner, joint tenant, or joint venturer in any 
other noncorporate manner, (a) to make oil, gas and mineral leases or subleases; (b) to pay 
delay rentals, lease bonuses, royalties, overriding royalties, taxes, assessments, and all other 
charges; (c) to sell, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge or otherwise hypothecate any or all of 
such rights and interests; (d) to surrender or abandon, with or without consideration, any or all 
of such rights and interests; (e) to make farm-out, pooling, and unitization agreements; (f) to 
make reservations or impose conditions on the transfer of any such rights or interests; (g) to 
employ the most advantageous business form in which properly to exploit such rights and 
interests, whether as corporations, partnerships, limited partnerships, mining partnerships, 
joint ventures, co- tenancies, or otherwise exploit any and all such rights and interests; (h) to 
produce, process, sell or exchange all products recovered through the exploitation of such 
rights and interests, and to enter into contracts and agreements for or in respect of the 
installation or operation of absorption, reprocessing or other processing plants; (i) to carry any 
or all such interests in the name or names of a nominee or nominees; (j) to delegate, to the 
extent permitted by law, any or all of the powers set forth herein to the operator of such 
property; and (k) to employ personnel, rent office space, buy or lease office equipment, 
contract and pay for geological surveys and studies, procure appraisals, and generally to 
conduct and engage in any and all activities incident to the foregoing powers, with full power 
to borrow and pledge in order to finance such activities; together with the power to allocate 
between principal and income any net proceeds received as consideration, whether as royalties 
or otherwise, for the permanent severance from lands of oil, natural gas, minerals, and all 
other natural resources; 
EFTA00809771
--- PAGE 8 ---
6. To hold all or any part of the assets of such trust in cash or in bank 
accounts without the necessity of investing the same; of such trust; 
7. To improve, repair, partition, plat, or subdivide all or any part of the assets 
of such trust; 
8. 
To litigate, defend, compromise, settle, abandon, or submit to mediation 
or arbitration on such terms and conditions as such trustee determines any claims in favor of 
or against such trust or the assets of such trust; 
9. To loan or borrow money in such amounts and upon such terms and 
conditions as such trustee determines, assume such obligations or give such guarantees as 
such trustee determines, for the purpose of the acquisition, improvement, protection, retention, 
or preservation of the assets of such trust, or for the benefit of any of the Beneficiaries who 
are entitled or permitted to receive income from such trust; 
10. To create or invest in any entity with all or part of the assets of such trust 
and to carry on for as long and in such manner as such trustee determines any business 
enterprise held or created by such trustee or in which I owned any interest at my death, either 
individually or as a partner, joint venturer, stockholder, trust beneficiary, or member; to sell 
such business enterprise as an ongoing business; to consolidate, merge, encumber, dissolve, 
liquidate or undertake any other extraordinary corporate transaction relating to such business 
enterprise; 
II. To vote in person or by proxy any and all stock or securities and to 
become a party to any voting trusts, reorganization, consolidation, or other capital or debt 
readjustment of any corporation, association, partnership, limited liability partnership, limited 
liability company, or individual with respect to stocks, securities, or debts held by such trust; 
12. Except as provided in Sections 4.3B, C, and D of this Article IV, to enter 
into any good faith transactions with any trustee of any trust created hereunder, including such 
trustee, individually or with any corporation, partnership, limited liability partnership, limited 
liability company, or other entity in which any such trustee has an ownership interest; 
13. To purchase from my estate any stocks, bonds, securities, real or personal 
property, or other assets, or make loans to my estate; 
14. To lease, mortgage, pledge, grant a security interest in, or otherwise 
encumber all or any part of the assets of such trust for any term of years whether or not 
beyond the term of such trust (including, without limitation, any such action for the benefit of 
any of the beneficiaries of such trust); 
15. To abandon any property of such trust, real or personal, which such trustee 
may deem worthless or not of sufficient value to warrant keeping or protecting; to abstain 
from the payment of taxes, water rents or assessments and to forego making repairs, 
maintaining or keeping up any such property; and to permit such property to be lost by tax 
sale or other proceedings or to convey any such property for a nominal consideration or 
EFTA00809772
--- PAGE 9 ---
without consideration so as to prevent the imposition of any liability by reason of the 
continued ownership thereof; 
16. To elect the mode of distribution of the proceeds from any profit-sharing 
plan, pension plan, employee benefit plan, individual retirement plan, insurance contract, or 
annuity contract pursuant to the terms of such plan or to change to another custodian of such 
plan; 
17. To conduct any audit, assessment, or investigation with respect to any 
asset of such trust regarding compliance with any law or regulation having as its object 
protection of public health, natural resources, or the environment (referred to as 
"Environmental Laws"); to pay from the assets of such trust to remedy any failure to comply 
with any Environmental Law (even to the exhaustion of all of the assets of such trust); and, as 
may be required in such trustee's judgment by any Environmental Law, to notify any 
governmental authority of any past, present, or future non-compliance with any 
Environmental Law; and 
18. To refuse to accept any asset distributable to such trust. 
B. 
No trustee of any trust created hereunder shall directly or indirectly buy or 
sell any property for the trust from or to himself or herself, or from or to his or her relative, 
employer, employee, partner or other business associate. 
C. 
No trustee of any trust created hereunder shall as trustee of such trust buy 
or sell property to or from himself or herself as trustee of another trust. 
D. 
No trustee of any trust created hereunder shall lend trust funds to himself 
or herself, or to his or her relative, employer, employee, partner, or other business associate. 
Section 4.4. 
- Administrative Powers 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each trustee of a trust created hereunder 
shall have the power with respect to such trust: 
A. 
To employ agents, attorneys-at-law, consultants, investment advisers (to 
whom such trustee shall have discretion to delegate such trustee's investment authority and 
responsibility), other trustees and other fiduciaries in the administration of such trustee's duties, 
to delegate to such persons, or to one or more other persons serving as a trustee hereunder, the 
custody, control, or management of any part of the assets of such trust as such trustee determines 
and to pay for such services from the assets of such trust, without obtaining judicial authorization 
or approval; 
B. 
To delegate, in whole or in part, to any person or persons the authority and 
power to (1) sign checks, drafts or orders for the payment or withdrawal of funds, securities and 
other assets from any bank, brokerage, custody or other account in which funds, securities or 
other assets of such trust shall be deposited, (2) endorse for sale, transfer or delivery, or sell, 
transfer or deliver, or purchase or otherwise acquire, any and all property, stocks, stock warrants, 
EFTA00809773
--- PAGE 10 ---
stock rights, options, bonds or other securities whatsoever, (3) gain access to any safe deposit 
box or boxes in which assets of such trust may be located or which may be in the name of such 
trustee and remove part or all of the contents of any such safe deposit box or boxes and release 
and surrender the same, and (4) take any other action that such trustee may have the power to 
take with respect to such trust and the property thereof; no person or corporation acting in 
reliance on any such delegation shall be charged with notice of any revocation or change of such 
delegation unless such person or corporation receives actual notice thereof; 
C. 
To pay any property distributable to a Beneficiary under a legal disability 
or who has not attained the age of 21, without liability to such trustee, by paying such property to 
such Beneficiary, (2) for the use of such Beneficiary, (3) to a legal representative of such 
Beneficiary appointed by a court or if none, to a relative for the use of such Beneficiary, or (4) to 
a custodian for such Beneficiary designated by such trustee, to hold until age 21 or such earlier 
age as shall be the maximum permitted under applicable law; 
D. 
To divide such trust into subsidiary accounts if such trustee determines 
that such division is necessary to maintain fair and accurate records; 
E. 
To distribute to such trust or any of the Beneficiaries of such trust in kind 
or in cash, or partly in kind and partly in cash, and to allocate different kinds or disproportionate 
shares of assets or undivided interests in assets among all of such trusts or all of such 
Beneficiaries; 
F. 
In making the division into one or more trusts hereunder (if such trusts 
have the same trustees), to keep the assets of such trusts invested and handled as a single fund 
without actual division and to designate such trusts on such trustees' books as owning a 
designated undivided interest in such fund; 
G. 
To have evidence of ownership of any security maintained in the records 
of a Federal Reserve Bank under the Federal Reserve Book Entry System; to deposit funds in 
any bank or trust company; to carry in the name of such trustee or the nominee or nominees of 
such trustee and with or without designation of fiduciary capacity, or to hold in bearer form, 
securities or other property requiring or permitting of registration; and to cause any securities to 
be held by a depository corporation of which such trustee is a member or by an agent under a 
safekeeping contract; provided, however, that the books and records of such trustee shall at all 
times show that such investments are part of such trust; 
H. 
To register or not register such trust with the probate division of the 
Superior Court of [the State of Californial[the United States Virgin Islands' or otherwise and 
to make all decisions which relate thereto; 
I. 
To give any Beneficiary of any trust hereunder a general power of 
appointment exercisable in such Beneficiary's Will over all or part of such trust, subject to any 
terms and conditions as such trustee determines, by written notice to such Beneficiary; to 
eliminate any such power of appointment by written notice to the Beneficiary; and to irrevocably 
release the power under this paragraph to give a power of appointment or to eliminate a power of 
appointment; 
EFTA00809774
--- PAGE 11 ---
J. 
To renounce and disclaim, in whole or in part, and in accordance with 
applicable law, any assets, interests, rights, or powers (including any power of appointment) 
which are payable to (or exercisable by) such trust or over which such trustee has any right, title, 
interest, or power; and 
K. 
To make, execute, and deliver any and all such instruments in writing as 
shall be necessary or proper to carry out any power, right, duty, or obligation of such trustee or 
any disposition whatsoever of such trust or any asset of such trust and to exercise any and all 
other powers incidental or necessary to carry out or to fulfill the terms, provisions and purposes 
of such trust. 
Section 4.5. 
- Restrictions on Exercise of My Trustee's Powers 
A. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, no 
trustee of a trust created hereunder shall participate in a discretionary decision to exercise or not 
exercise any fiduciary power to distribute income from or principal of any trust hereunder to 
himself or herself or the spouse thereof. 
B. 
Any trustee of a trust created hereunder may by a written notice delivered 
to the other trustee (or trustees) of such trust decline to participate in the decision to exercise or 
not exercise any fiduciary power granted by this Agreement or by law. 
C. 
If a trustee of any trust hereunder is not empowered (because of a conflict 
of interest, declination to act or otherwise) to participate in the decision to exercise or not 
exercise any fiduciary power granted by this Agreement or by law, then the remaining trustee or 
trustees of such trust shall be empowered to make such decision. If no other trustee or successor 
trustee is empowered to participate in such decision, the trustee of such trust may designate a 
substitute trustee to serve as trustee of such trust who shall be empowered to make such decision 
but has no other power or authority of the trustees of such trust. Such designation shall be by 
written notice delivered to such substitute trustee. 
Article V 
Provisions Concerning Trustees 
The provisions hereof shall apply to my Trustee. 
Section 5.1. 
- Successor Trustees 
In the event a trustee of any trust hereunder dies, becomes incapacitated or is unwilling or 
is unable to serve, while I am alive, I shall have the right to appoint a successor trustee of such 
trust. In the event [DAFtREN K. INDYKE] or [RICHARD D. KAHN] does not survive me, 
resigns, is removed, becomes incapacitated or is unwilling or is otherwise unable to serve as my 
Trustee, [Designate one or more Successor Trustees] shall be appointed the successor trustee 
of this Trust in place of such trustee. [You may also specify an order of priority if more than 
one successor trustee is desired]. In the event that any trustee resigns, is removed, becomes 
incapacitated or is unwilling or otherwise unable to serve as my Trustee, and there are no 
remaining successor trustees that have been designated pursuant to this Section 5.1 who are 
willing or able to serve as my Trustee, then the trustees who are then still serving as my Trustee, 
EFTA00809775
--- PAGE 12 ---
if any, shall designate a successor trustee to fill the vacancy created by such resignation, 
removal, incapacity, or unwillingness or inability to serve. 
Section 5.2. 
- Appointment of Trustee 
The appointment of a successor trustee hereunder shall become effective when such 
successor trustee signs an acceptance of the trust to which such successor trustee is appointed. 
Section 5.3. 
- Resignation of Trustees 
Any trustee hereunder may resign at any time, without the approval of any court, by an 
instrument in writing filed with the trust records. In addition, if there is filed with the trust 
records a written certification from any attending physician of any individual trustee of a trust 
hereunder that he or she is no longer able to make decisions with respect to such trust, then from 
the date of filing of such certification, such individual trustee shall be deemed to have resigned 
for all purposes of this Agreement. 
Section 5.4. 
- Vacancy in Office 
If the last remaining trustee of a trust hereunder dies or cannot or will not act as trustee of 
any trust hereunder and if no successor trustee is designated pursuant to Section 5.1 who is able 
or willing to act, then a successor trustee shall be named by order of a court of competent 
jurisdiction. All of the fees and expenses of any trustee (including attorneys' fees) attributable to 
the appointment of a successor trustee of a trust shall be paid from the assets of such trust. 
Section 5.5. 
- Elimination of Bond 
No bond or other security shall be required of any trustee of any trust hereunder in any 
jurisdiction. 
Section 5.6. 
- Exculpation and Indemnification of Trustees 
No one serving as the trustee of any trust under this Agreement shall be accountable or 
responsible to any person interested in any trust hereunder for the manner in which such trustee 
shall in good faith exercise any discretionary authority or any power of such trustee. No one 
serving as the trustee of any trust under this Agreement shall be liable for any loss or 
depreciation in value occasioned by reason of any negligence, error or mistake of judgment in 
entering into any transaction, in making any sale or investment, in continuing to hold any 
property, or by reason of any action or omission, whether by such trustee or any other fiduciary, 
unless such trustee has acted in bad faith. In the absence of proof by affirmative evidence to the 
contrary, each trustee of any trust under this Agreement shall be deemed to have acted within the 
scope of such trustee's authority hereunder, to have exercised reasonable care, diligence, and 
prudence and to have acted impartially as to all interested persons. No trustee of any trust 
hereunder shall be liable for the acts or defaults of any other trustee of any trust hereunder. 
II 
EFTA00809776
--- PAGE 13 ---
In the event a legal action is brought against any individual serving as trustee of any trust 
under this Agreement, all legal fees and related expenses incurred in connection with the defense 
of such legal action shall be paid by such trust without court authorization; provided, however, 
that (a) no such payment shall (or shall continue to) be made if a court enters an order prohibiting 
such payment, and (b) such trustee shall refund to the trust any such payments that previously 
had been made if a court enters an order directing that such payments be refunded, or if a court 
concludes that such trustee acted in bad faith. 
Article VI 
Miscellaneous Provisions 
Section 6.1. 
- Representation of Person Under a Disability 
To the extent allowed by law, where a party to any proceeding with respect to any trust 
hereunder has the same interest as a person under a disability, legal process shall not be required 
on the person under a disability. 
Section 6.2. 
- Simultaneous Deaths 
If a Beneficiary under this Agreement and I die simultaneously or under such 
circumstances that it is difficult to determine who died first, then for all purposes of this 
Agreement such Beneficiary shall be deemed to have predeceased me. 
Section 6.3. 
- Law Governing 
This Agreement and each trust created by it shall in all respects and for all purposes be 
governed and regulated by the laws of [the State of Californialithe Territory of the United 
States Virgin Islands], as they now exist and may from time to time be enacted, amended, or 
repealed. All questions regarding the validity, construction and administration of this 
Agreement, or any of its provisions, and of any trust created by it shall be determined solely by 
the laws of [the State of Californialithe Territory of the United States Virgin Islands]. The 
courts of [the State of Californialithe Territory of the United States Virgin Islands] shall 
have primary supervision over the administration of each trust created by this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, subject to Section 4.1 
hereof, any trustee of any trust created under this Agreement shall have discretion at any time or 
times following my death to transfer the situs of such trust to such other country, or such other 
jurisdiction as such trustee determines, without obtaining judicial authorization or approval 
(unless such judicial authorization or approval is required by applicable law) and without the 
filing of any bond. Such determination to transfer the situs of any trust under this Agreement 
shall be evidenced by an instrument in writing signed, witnessed and acknowledged by the 
trustees of such trust in the same manner as would be required for a deed. The trustees of such 
trust are authorized to take whatever actions are necessary to effect such a transfer of situs. If 
judicial authorization or approval is required to effect such a transfer of situs, I intend and desire 
that the appropriate court accept the determination of such trustee concerning the transfer of the 
EFTA00809777
--- PAGE 14 ---
situs of such trust even if one or more Beneficiaries disagree with such determination. From and 
after the transfer of the situs of such a trust pursuant to this Section 6.3 of this Article VI, the 
administration of such trust shall be governed by the law of the new situs of such trust. 
Section 6.4. 
- Definition of Terms 
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, as used in this Agreement, 
A. 
The term "trustee", including "my Trustee", refers to such persons in their 
capacity as trustee of any trust hereunder while such persons occupy such office, whether one or 
more persons occupy the office of trustee at the same time or times, and includes any successor 
trustee or trustees. The term "Executor" of a person's estate means all persons who occupy the 
office of personal representative, administrator, executor, or ancillary administrator while such 
persons occupy such office, whether one or more persons occupy such office at the same time or 
times, and includes any successor or successors to that office. A reference to a person's Will 
means such person's Last Will and Testament and any Codicil or Codicils thereto. 
B. 
A reference to any tax also includes any interest or penalties thereon. The 
term "my Gross Estate" means my gross estate as finally determined for purposes of computing 
my federal estate tax. 
C. 
Whenever the singular number is used, the same shall include the plural, 
and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders. 
Section 6.5. 
- No Contest 
If any Beneficiary under this Agreement shall in any way directly or indirectly (a) contest 
or object to the probate of my Will or to the validity of any disposition or provision of my Will 
or of this Agreement or (b) institute or prosecute, or be in any way directly or indirectly 
instrumental in the institution or prosecution of, any action, proceeding, contest, objection or 
claim for the purpose of setting aside or invalidating my Will or this Agreement or any 
disposition therein or herein or provision thereof or hereof, then I direct that (aa) any and all 
provisions in this Agreement for such Beneficiary and his or her issue in any degree shall be null 
and void and (bb) my estate, whether passing under my Will or this Agreement or pursuant to the 
laws of intestacy, shall be disposed of as if such Beneficiary and his or her issue in any degree 
had all failed to survive me. 
Section 6.6. 
- Trustee Notice 
Each trustee of any trust created under this Agreement may have duties and 
responsibilities in addition to those described in this Agreement. If any such trustee has questions 
regarding such trustee's duties and obligations, such trustee should obtain legal advice. 
EFTA00809778
--- PAGE 15 ---
CONCLUSION 
I have duly executed this Agreement on the date set opposite my signature. 
Dated: 
Dated: 
Dated: 
RICHARD N. MERKIN, as Grantor 
DARREN K. INDYKE, as Trustee 
RICHARD D. KAHN, as Trustee 
On this 
day of July, 2018, the foregoing instrument was signed, published and 
declared to be the Trust Agreement of The Richard N. Merkin 2018 Trust by RICHARD N. 
MERKIN, as Grantor, and was signed and accepted in our presence; and we, at the Grantor's 
request, in the Grantor's presence and in the presence of each other, did, on said day, sign our 
names as witnesses thereto. 
residing at 
residing at 
STATE OF 
) 
) ss: 
COUNTY OF 
) 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this _day of July, 2018 by RICHARD 
N. MERKIN, the Grantor, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as 
identification. 
Sworn to before me this 
day of July, 2018. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00809779
--- PAGE 16 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of July, 2018, by DARREN 
K. INDYKE, a Trustee, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as 
identification. 
Sworn to before me this 
day of July, 2018. 
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of July, 2018, by RICHARD 
D. KAHN, as Trustee, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as 
identification. 
Sworn to before me this 
day of July, 2018. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00809780

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809781.pdf
----------------------------------------
Drawings and information are for general layout purposes only. Appliances. cabinet drawer/door appearances. dimensions and spacings may vary from the final project. 
BROWN JORDAN 
ENS 
For Assistance, Cal
Project Name: The St. lames Group Brice Gordon for Tiki House 
las 
OBF0901 -RH 
175'1 
1'
9' —I 
ORDI RI I RH 
O 
IS 
36.75" -f-
158" (13'2")  
EFTA00809781
--- PAGE 2 ---
Drawings and information are for general layout purposes only. Appliances. cabinet drawer/door appearances. dimensions and spacings may vary from the final project. 
MI 
... 
na 
2 ??.
i 
4' 
x 
80-8
-488.---. 
i 
t 
Oa 1/) 
2r 
18' 
er. 
en 
co 
158" (13' 2") 
.4 5i" 
EFTA00809782
--- PAGE 3 ---
Drawings and information arc for general layout purposes only. Appliances. cabinet drawer/door appearances. dimensions and spacings may vary from the final project. 
193 50" (16' 1 'A") 
27.875" 
OBD1811 
OBTI810 
TRASH 
30" Full Size 
Propane Oven 
By OTHER 
OBI:090I 
Finished sides 
.75" thickness 
O1311810 
TRASH 
OBS3 
_-FHD 
a 
i • 
Finished side 
.75" thickness 
OBF1501 
OAF90 
4"L 
4"R 
VOID SPACE 
True Refrigerator 
True Refrigerator 
OD 
OBF2702 
27.875" 
ORS 24.25 
EFTA00809783

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809784.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHIPPING 
Tropical Shipping and Construction 
Company Limited 
BILL OF LADING 
'ISM 13356393 
Page I of I 
SHIPPERN-XFORTER 
100667735 
AWNTECH CORPORATION 
10950 5 PIPELINE RD 
EULESS TX 76040 
UNITED STATES 
EXPORT REFERENCES 
EXPRESS RELF:ASE 
INVA • 18005412 DATED - 9/14/2018 
(ONSIGNEFANOT NEGOTIABLE UNLESS CONSIGNED TO ORDERt 
100064506 
I -SJE. LI.0 
6100 REDHOOK QUARTER 
CHARLOTTE AMALIE 00802 
ST THOMAS. USVI 
FORWARDING AGENDEMC NO. 
NOTIFY PARTY 
100064506 
ISJE. LLC 
6100 REDHOOK QUARTER 
CHARLOTTE AMALIE 00802 
ST THOMAS. USVI 
ALSO NOTIFY/ROUTING/INSTRUCTIONS 
DAPHNE WALLACE 
FAXPORTING CARRIER. VOYAGE& EDA 
Updated 
DEPARTING: BOMAR REBECCA • 0122 
ARRIVING: 
BONIAR REBECCA • 0122 
WA 10/11/20I8 
PRP-CARRIAGE BY 
PLACE OF RECEIPT* 
PORT OP LOADING 
PORT OF PALM BEACH SEAPORT 
PORT OP OLSCHARGE 
CROWN BAY SEAPORT (ST THOMAS) 
PUCE OF DELIVERY BY ONCARRIER• 
POINT AND COUNTRY OF ORIGIN OF GOODS 
PARTICULARS FURNISHED BY SHIPPER 
MARKS & NBRSICCNTAINER 
NUMBER 
RAZ 
DESCRIPTION OP PACKAGESIGOODS 
GROSS WEIGHT 
MEASUREMENT 
NBRS WiNTAL NUMBERS 
OP PKGS. 
I.BS 
KG 
CF 
CM 
SHIPMENT NO 7917509 
I 
BANDED CARTON(S) RETRACTABLE AWNING / WIND 
300 
136 
17.0 
0.481 
SENSOR 
TEXU6010880 
TOTAL 300 
136 
17.0 
0.481 
NA 
CLAUSES 
CARRIER'S CUBE. 
SHIPPER'S WEIGHT. 
AES X20181003572407 
INSURED VALUE 
$3.963.48 
 FREIGHT PAYABLE AMY 
ST THOMAS. USVI 
/ LSJE. LLC 
%WERE APPLICABLE TICSE COMMODITIES. TECNNOtOGY OR SOFTWARE WERE 
txFoRna FRO‘l THE UNITED sumo rat timaTEDESTINAliONIAMOVE.IN 
ACCORDANCE WPM ME LEMKE ADAUNISTPAIION REGULATIONS. DIVERSION 
CONTRARY TO CS LAW IS PRONEMED 
CHARGE DESCRIPTION 
PREPAID IU3DI 
COLLECT iuso] 
OCEAN FREIGHT 
INSURANCE PREMIUM 
• LCL 
7100 
74.00 
• APPUCABLE ONLY WIEN LIMITED PER COMPINEDIVANSTORT 
imeamly theCark• Iron the Stioo-oroppoot pod MAY a104401011410knattf•be 
limn) tit mil...Moo quyif Conoco. a id's.. i (WI*. s of win IMIVolo 1 awe tortOW 
Conti lo J.:Camo. new...At:um. od nohoor of be Came Oda be PR. of roar. 
oo a Luoipr omho o .. }room o ae ho 4 Tkuluye or ibe Hoe of DdlW).,OOAOO 
qpIkoNt II coca...snow, t4Ge klartal,  edi•a, Of Ohe 6.4 oft ^VW NB
&lynch...J.8nm Fe asamokuJP0h:Mmhoosolie (Lox ARS Pol ot Dtamise of al 
kwaia.,,,,,wtok wery Ca,: k.../‘Hulth, NINA L.m.i.knbwion.l> . 4(O, S.W.WW, ..) 
al is woad on., ,,,,, . 'nolo (villa. aerifk.e TtIL& if ohm... oNtroani Wraiddlnani 
Ow naentney Alto Eel 41 Lacy t.. Ye Sloan* 
IN ATINTS5 WIRREOF nal,. of Myna, Ras of Latitg no& tools law too f tto" ow 
Iwo/ oonokaolloa n rescuel N ibe Cur... the al.. Oa lvvol 
RJRCARRIER 
ROW 
by do 
o or 
o 
Haw Oho 
ul Nob 
'
)FAT MOIL ROL ITAMS AND COSEITICOS.AVARABLE AT 
OR ATCARRIFR'S LOCAL MICE 
TOTAL. USD 
15100 
DATE 00 ISSUANCE 
10/06/2018 
I 
NO OP ORIGINAL IBMS) SIGNED 
!VOYAGE DATE 
10/062018 
Printed:11/29/2018 15:59:10 
EFTA00809784

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809785.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRUTH ROBOT, LLC 
OPERATING AGREEMENT 
THIS OPERATING AGREEMENT is made as of the 
day of March, 2019 by 
and among Truth Robot, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Company"), 
those persons who execute this Agreement as of the date hereof, and those other 
persons, if any, who from time to time become parties to or are otherwise bound by this 
Agreement as provided herein. 
RECITALS 
A. 
On March 13, 2019, the Company was formed at the direction of the 
Members by the filing of the certificate of Formation with the Secretary of State of the 
State of Delaware. 
B. 
The Members now desire to enter into this Agreement in order to set forth 
the respective rights and obligations of the Members in regard to the ownership, 
management and governance of the Company. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other valuable 
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Members and the 
Company agree as follows: 
ARTICLE 1 
DEFINED TERMS 
1.1 
"Act" means the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, as amended 
from time to time. 
1.2 
"Adjusted Capital Account Balance" means, with respect to each Member, 
such Member's Capital Account balance maintained in accordance with this Agreement, 
as of the end of the relevant fiscal year of the Company, after giving effect to the 
following adjustments: 
(a) 
Credit to such Capital Account of such Member's share of minimum 
gain determined in accordance with Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 
1.704-2(i)(5); and 
(b) 
Debit to such Capital Account of the items described in Regulations 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6). 
The foregoing definition of "Adjusted Capital Account Balance" is intended to comply 
with the provisions of Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and 1.704-2, and shall 
be interpreted consistently therewith. 
1.3 
"Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other person that, 
directly or indirectly, controls, is under common control with, or is controlled by that 
943493.v2 
EFTA00809785
--- PAGE 2 ---
Person. For purposes of this definition, "control" (including, with correlative meaning, 
the terms "controlled by" and "under common control with"), as used with respect to any 
Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct and 
cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through 
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
1.4 
"Agreement" means this Operating Agreement of the Company, and all 
amendments thereto. 
1.5 
"Approved Sale" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(a). 
1.6 
"Capital Account" means, with respect to each Member, the Capital 
Account maintained for such Member in accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
To each Member's Capital Account there shall be credited such 
Member's Capital Contributions, such Member's distributive share of Profits and 
the amount of any Company liabilities assumed by such Member or which are 
secured by any property distributed to such Member by the Company. 
(b) 
To each Members Capital Account there shall be debited the 
amount of cash and the Gross Asset Value of any property distributed to such 
Member pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, and such Member's 
distributive share of Losses. 
(c) 
In the event all or a portion of a Member's Membership Interests 
are transferred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the transferee 
shall succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor to the extent it relates to 
the transferred Membership Interests. 
(d) 
In determining the amount of any liability for purposes of the 
foregoing subparagraph (a), there shall be taken into account Code 
Section 752(c) and any other applicable provisions of the Code and Regulations. 
The foregoing provisions and the other provisions of this Agreement relating to 
the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with Regulations 
Sections 1.704-1(b) and 1.704-2, and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner 
consistent with such Regulations. In the event the Manager shall reasonably determine 
that it is prudent to modify the manner in which the Capital Accounts, or any debits or 
credits thereto, are computed in order to comply with such Regulations, the Manager 
may make such modification; provided that such modification is not likely to have a 
material effect on the amount distributed to any Member pursuant to Article 10 hereof 
upon the liquidation of the Company. 
1.7 
"Capital Contributions" means the aggregate amount of cash and Gross 
Asset Value of property (less the amount of indebtedness, if any, of such Member which 
is assumed by the Company and/or the amount of indebtedness, if any, to which such 
property is subject, as of the date of contribution, without regard to the provisions of 
Code Section 7701(g)) contributed by a Member to the capital of the Company. 
EFTA00809786
--- PAGE 3 ---
1.8 
"Cash Flow" means, for any period, the amount by which (a) the gross 
cash receipts of the Company from any source for such period (including, but not limited 
to, Capital Contributions, loans, distributions received by the Company in respect of any 
stock, partnership interest or other equity interest owned by the Company, and 
proceeds from the sale, financing, refinancing or other disposition of all or any portion of 
the Company property), exceed (b) the sum of (i) the aggregate cash disbursements for 
such period (including, but not limited to, Company administrative 
costs, 
reimbursements paid to the Manager in respect of his or her day-to-day management 
activities hereunder, principal and interest payable on Company debt and capital 
expenditures), and (ii) amounts previously set aside as reserves as determined by the 
Manager in his or her discretion. 
1.9 
"Certificate" means the Certificate of Formation of the Company, as 
amended from time to time, as filed in accordance with the Act. 
1.10 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or any 
corresponding provision of succeeding law). 
1.11 "Company" means the limited liability company herein formed and known 
as Truth Robot, LLC, as said Company may from time to time be constituted. 
1.12 "Consent" means the prior written consent or approval of a Person to do 
the act or thing for which the consent or approval is solicited, or the act of granting such 
consent or approval as the context may require. 
1.13 "Depreciation" means, for each fiscal year or other period, an amount 
equal to the depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction allowable with 
respect to an asset for such year or other period, except that if the Gross Asset Value of 
an asset differs from its adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes at the beginning 
of such year or other period, Depreciation shall be an amount which bears the same 
ratio to such beginning Gross Asset Value as the federal income tax depreciation, 
amortization or other cost recovery deduction for such year or other period bears to 
such beginning adjusted tax basis; provided, however, that if the federal income tax 
depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction from such year or other 
period is zero, Depreciation shall be determined with reference to such beginning Gross 
Asset Value using any reasonable method selected by the Manager. 
1.14 "Gross Asset Value" means, with respect to any asset, the asset's 
adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes, except as follows: 
(a) 
The initial Gross Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Member 
to the Company shall be the gross fair market value of such asset, as determined 
by the contributing Member and the Manager; 
(b) 
The Gross Asset Values of all Company assets shall be adjusted to 
equal their respective gross fair market values, as reasonably determined by the 
Manager, as of the following times: (i) the acquisition of additional Membership 
Interests in the Company by any new or existing Member in exchange for more 
EFTA00809787
--- PAGE 4 ---
than a de minimis capital contribution; (ii) the distribution by the Company to a 
Member of more than a de minimis amount of Company assets, including money, 
as consideration for an interest in the Company; and (iii) the liquidation of the 
Company within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g); 
provided, however, that adjustments pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) and (ii) 
shall be made only if the Manager reasonably determines that such adjustments 
are necessary or appropriate to reflect the relative economic interests of the 
Members in the Company; 
(c) 
The Gross Asset Value of any Company asset distributed to any 
Member shall be the gross fair market value of such asset on the date of 
distribution; and 
(d) 
The Gross Asset Values of Company assets shall be increased (or 
decreased) to reflect any adjustments to the adjusted basis of such assets 
pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section 743(b), but only to the extent 
that such adjustments are taken into account in determining Capital Accounts 
pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) and the definition of "Capital 
Account" herein. 
If the Gross Asset Value of an asset has been determined or adjusted pursuant to any 
of the foregoing subparagraphs (a), (b) or (d) of this Section, such Gross Asset Value 
shall thereafter be adjusted by the Depreciation taken into account with respect to such 
asset for purposes of computing Profits and Losses. 
1.15 "Manager means the Person designated or appointed as Manager 
pursuant to this Agreement, and any other Person who becomes a successor or 
additional Manager of the Company pursuant to this Agreement. 
1.16 "Member" means any Person who is designated as a Member on Exhibit A 
to this Agreement at the time of reference thereto and who is acting in such Person's 
capacity as a Member of the Company, and any other Persons who from time to time 
become parties to or are otherwise bound by this Agreement as Members. 
1.17 "Membership Interest" means an ownership interest of a Member in the 
Company at any particular time, including the right of such Member to any and all 
benefits to which a Member may be entitled pursuant to this Agreement and under the 
Act, together with all obligations of such Member to comply with the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement and the Act. 
Membership Interests are owned by 
Members as set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement, as amended from time to time. 
1.18 "Notice" means a writing, containing the information required by this 
Agreement to be communicated to any Person, and given or delivered in accordance 
with the requirements of this Agreement. 
1.19 "Person" means any individual, partnership, limited liability company, 
corporation, trust, estate or other entity. 
EFTA00809788
--- PAGE 5 ---
1.20 "Profits" and "Losses" means, for each fiscal year or other period, an 
amount equal to the Company's taxable income or loss for such year or period, 
determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a) (for this purpose, all items of 
income, gain, loss or deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Code 
Section 703(a)(1) shall be included in taxable income or loss), with the following 
adjustments: 
(a) 
Any income of the Company that is exempt from federal income tax 
and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to 
this definition shall be added to such taxable income or loss; 
(b) 
Any 
expenditures 
of 
the 
Company 
described 
in 
Code 
Section 705(a)(2)(B), or treated as Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures 
pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), and not otherwise taken into 
account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to this definition shall be 
subtracted from such taxable income or loss; 
(c) 
In the event the Gross Asset Value of any Company asset is 
adjusted pursuant to subparagraph (b) or (d) of Section 1.14 hereof, the amount 
of such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss from the 
disposition of such asset for purposes of computing Profits or Losses; 
(d) 
Gain or loss resulting from any disposition of property with respect 
to which gain or loss is recognized for federal income tax purposes shall be 
computed by reference to the Gross Asset Value of the property disposed of 
notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such property differs from its Gross 
Asset Value; and 
(e) 
Depreciation shall be taken into account for such fiscal year or 
other period in computing such taxable income or loss, in lieu of the depreciation, 
amortization and other cost recovery deductions that otherwise may be taken into 
account in the absence of Section 1.13. 
1.21 "Regulations" means the United States Treasury Regulations, as 
amended from time to time. 
1.22 
"Sale of the Company" means the sale of the Company to any party on an 
arms-length basis, pursuant to which such party or parties acquire (i) a majority of the 
Membership Interests in the Company (whether by sale of Membership Interests or 
merger or otherwise), or (ii) all or substantially all of the Company's assets, determined 
on a consolidated basis. 
1.23 "Transfer" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. 
1.24 "Unreturned Capital Contributions" means, with respect to any Member, 
the difference between (a) the Capital Contributions made by such Member, less (b) the 
aggregate amount of distributions made to such Member pursuant to Section 4.6(a). 
EFTA00809789
--- PAGE 6 ---
ARTICLE 2 
THE COMPANY 
2.1 
Formation and Name. The Company has been formed as a limited liability 
company pursuant to the provisions of the Act. The Company was formed with the 
name "Truth Robot, LLC"; provided that the Company may hereafter adopt such other 
name or names as the Manager may from time to time select. 
2.2 
Purpose. The Company has been organized to engage in the transaction 
of any and all lawful businesses or activities which a limited liability company may carry 
on under the Act and the laws of any other jurisdiction in which the Company is so 
engaged. 
2.3 
Registered Agent. The Company's registered agent shall be the Person 
designated by the Manager from time to time to serve in that capacity in accordance 
with the terms of the Act. 
2.4 
Qualification in Additional Jurisdictions. 
The Manager is authorized to 
qualify the Company to do business in any jurisdiction in which such qualification is 
deemed by the Manager as necessary or desirable in carrying out the Company's 
business, and pursuant thereto, to appoint a registered agent and to establish a 
registered office in such jurisdiction, and to cause the Company to operate in such 
jurisdiction under another name selected by the Manager, in compliance with the 
assumed name statute of such jurisdiction, if the Company is not allowed under the 
laws of such jurisdiction to operate under its legal name. 
ARTICLE 3 
MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS; CONTRIBUTIONS BY THE MEMBERS 
3.1 
Membership Interests. The Company shall issue one type of ownership 
interest, with such rights, preferences and obligations as set forth in this Agreement. 
Holders of Membership Interests shall be entitled to one vote per Membership Interest 
held; provided that such holder is also a Member. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Agreement, no Person shall be entitled to vote with respect to 
any Membership Interests unless such person is a Member. 
3.2 
Initial Capital of the Company. On or prior to the date hereof, each of the 
Members (or the Person from whom such Member acquired, directly or indirectly, its, his 
or her Membership Interests) has made an initial Capital Contribution to the Company 
as recorded in the books and records of the Company. In exchange therefor, each 
Member (or the Person from whom such Member acquired, directly or indirectly, its, his 
or her Membership Interests) has received that number of Membership Interests set 
forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. 
3.3 
No Additional Capital Contributions. 
No Member shall be required to 
make any additional Capital Contribution to the Company. 
EFTA00809790
--- PAGE 7 ---
3.4 
Withdrawal. Except as otherwise provided in Article 9 of this Agreement, 
no Member shall be entitled to withdraw or resign from the Company, prior to its 
dissolution and winding up, without first obtaining the written consent of the Manager. A 
Member who withdraws in violation of this Section 3.4, shall forfeit any and all 
distributions to which such Member may be entitled to receive under the Act or this 
Agreement. 
3.5 
Issuance of Additional Membership Interest to New Members. 
Unless 
waived in writing by all of the Members, no new Members will be admitted to the 
Company unless the new Membership Interests to be issued to such Members shall 
have first been offered to the existing Members in proportion to their Membership 
Interests. 
Such offer shall be made by written notice specifying the number of 
Membership Interest to which each Member is entitled, the price and terms on which 
such Membership Interests are being offered and further specifying that such offer will 
be deemed to have been declined if it is not accepted not later than five business days 
following the date of such notice. To accept such offer, a Member shall, before the 
expiration of such time period, deliver to the Company a written subscription for all or 
any portion of such Membership Interests to which such Member is entitled at such 
price and on such terms as specified in such offer. After the expiration of such time 
period or on receipt of written notice from a Member to whom such notice is given that 
such Member declines to accept such offer, the Company shall issue the Membership 
Interests which have been so accepted to the accepting Member in accordance with the 
subscription and, within the period ending three months following expiration of such five-
day period, the Company may issue the Membership Interests which have not been 
accepted or subscribed for in such manner as the Manager determines to be most 
beneficial to the Company, provided that the price and terms so fixed by the Manager 
shall not be less beneficial to the Company than the price and terms set forth in the offer 
to Members required by this Section. 
ARTICLE 4 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; PROFITS AND LOSSES; DISTRIBUTIONS 
4.1 
Capital Accounts. The Company shall establish and maintain a Capital 
Account for each Member. 
4.2 
Allocation of Profits and Losses. 
(a) 
Profits of the Company shall be allocated among the Members as 
follows: 
(i) 
First, to each Member pro rata and in proportion to the 
cumulative Losses, if any, allocated to such Member pursuant to 
Section 4.2(b)(ii) hereof until the cumulative Profits allocated to such 
Member under this Section 4.2(a)(i) equals the cumulative Losses 
allocated to such Member under Section 4.2(b)(i) hereof; and 
EFTA00809791
--- PAGE 8 ---
(ii) 
Then, the balance, if any, to the Members in accordance 
with their respective Membership Interests. 
(b) 
Losses of the Company shall be allocated to the Members as 
follows: 
(i) 
First, to the Members in accordance with their respective 
Membership Interests; provided, however, that no Member shall be 
allocated Losses in excess of its, his or her Adjusted Capital Account 
Balance, determined immediately prior to the allocation provided for in this 
Section 4.2(b)(i); and 
(ii) 
Then, to the extent any Losses allocated to a Member 
pursuant to Section 4.2(b)(i) would, but for the proviso contained therein, 
exceed a Member's Adjusted Capital Account Balance, such Losses shall 
be allocated first to the other Members in proportion to, and to the extent 
of, their respective Adjusted Capital Account Balances, and then to any 
Member guaranteeing debt of the Company, making loans to the 
Company or otherwise having liability for Company debt, in proportion to 
the debt guaranteed, the loans made or the amount of such liability. 
4.3 
Reallocation by Manager. 
The allocation of Profits and Losses in 
Section 4.2 is intended to have substantial economic effect within the meaning of 
Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2) or be in accordance with the Members' interests in 
the Company within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(4). If subsequent 
events (including, but not limited to, nonrecourse borrowing by the Company or a loan 
by a Member to the Company) cause, in the reasonable opinion of the Manager, the 
Section 4.2 allocations to have neither substantial economic effect nor be in accordance 
with the Members' interests in the Company, the Manager may (a) allocate the income, 
gain, loss, deduction and credit of the Company so that such allocations are in 
accordance with the Members' Membership Interests; or (b) make such other 
modifications to this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the addition of minimum 
gain chargeback, qualified income offset and other special allocation provisions 
specified in Regulations Sections 1.704-2 or 1.704-1(b)) that are necessary in the 
reasonable opinion of the Manager to cause such allocations to have substantial 
economic effect within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2). 
4.4 
Tax Allocations. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all items 
of income, gain, loss and deduction shall be allocated, for federal and state income tax 
purposes, among the Members in the same manner as the corresponding items of 
income, gain, loss and deduction are allocated for purposes of maintaining the Capital 
Account of each of the Members. 
4.5 
Section 704(c) Allocations. In accordance with Code Section 704(c) and 
the Regulations thereunder, income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to any 
property contributed to the capital of the Company shall, solely for tax purposes, be 
allocated among the Members so as to take account of any variation between the 
EFTA00809792
--- PAGE 9 ---
adjusted basis of such property to the Company for federal income tax purposes and its 
initial Gross Asset Value, including, but not limited to, special allocations to a 
contributing Member that are required under Code Section 704(c) to be made upon 
distribution of such property to any of the noncontributing Members. In the event the 
Gross Asset Value of any property of the Company is adjusted pursuant to 
subparagraph (b) of Section 1.14, subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss and 
deduction with respect to such property shall take account of any variation between the 
adjusted basis of such property for federal income tax purposes and its Gross Asset 
Value in the same manner as under Code Section 704(c) and the Regulations 
thereunder. Any elections or other decisions relating to such allocations shall be made 
by the Manager in any manner that reasonably reflects the purpose and intention of this 
Agreement. Allocations pursuant to this Section 4.5 are solely for purposes of federal, 
state and local taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account in 
computing, a Members Capital Account or share of Profits or Losses, other items or 
distributions pursuant to any provision of this Agreement. 
4.6 
Distribution of Cash Flow. To the extent there is Cash Flow available for 
distribution, as determined by the Manager, the Manager shall cause the Company to 
distribute such available Cash Flow: 
(a) 
first, to those Members with Unreturned Capital Contributions, pro 
rata in proportion to the amount of such Unreturned Capital Contributions, until 
the amount of each Member's Unreturned Capital Contributions has been 
reduced to zero; and 
(b) 
thereafter, to the Members, pro rata in accordance with their 
respective Membership Interests. 
ARTICLE 5 
MANAGEMENT 
5.1 
Initial Manager. The management of the Company's business shall be 
vested in one Manager unless a greater number of Managers shall be fixed from time to 
time by action of the Members. The initial Manager of the Company shall be Richard 
Kahn. A Manager shall hold office until his, her or its death, removal, or resignation. 
5.2 
Management Authority. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise authorized in this Agreement, all management 
decisions of the Company (including, without limitation, any actions or votes 
taken by or on behalf of the Company in respect of any equity interest held by the 
Company in another entity) shall be made by the Manager, who shall be 
responsible for the conduct of the business of the Company, subject to the 
provisions of this Agreement and the Act. The Manager shall have all of the 
rights, powers, duties and obligations of managers as provided in the Act, and as 
otherwise provided by law, and any action taken by the Manager, not otherwise 
EFTA00809793
--- PAGE 10 ---
in violation of the Act or this Agreement, shall constitute the act of and serve to 
bind the Company. 
(b) 
Only the Manager and agents of the Company authorized by the 
Manager shall have the authority to bind the Company. The Manager is an agent 
of the Company for the purpose of its business, and the act of the Manager, 
including the execution in the Company's name of any instrument for apparently 
carrying on in the usual way the business of the Company, binds the Company, 
unless such act is in contravention of the Act or this Agreement or any 
agreement between the Manager and the Company or unless the Manager so 
acting otherwise lacks the authority to act for the Company and the Person with 
whom the Manager is dealing has knowledge of the fact that he, she or it has no 
such authority. If the Manager acts without the requisite authority, the Manager 
shall be liable for any damages or liabilities arising with respect to such action 
unless the Manager can show that he, she or it reasonably believed after due 
inquiry that such action was authorized. 
5.3 
Limitation on Liability. The Manager shall perform his, her or its duties as 
the Manager in good faith, in a manner he, she or it reasonably believes to be in the 
best interest of the Company and the Members, and with such care as an ordinarily 
prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. A Person who 
so performs his, her or its duties shall not have any liability by reason of being or having 
been a Manager of the Company. The Manager shall not be liable, responsible or 
accountable in damages or otherwise to the Company or any Member for any action 
taken or failure to act on behalf of the Company within the scope of authority conferred 
on the Manager under this Agreement or the Act, except where the claim at issue is 
based on the fraud, gross negligence or bad faith of the Manager. 
5.4 
Removal of the Manager. The Manager may be removed with or without 
cause upon the Consent of the Members, but such removal shall be without prejudice to 
any contract rights the Manager may have. Any removal of the Manager shall become 
effective on such date as may be specified by the Members voting in favor thereof. 
Should the Manager be removed who is also a Member, such Member will continue to 
participate in the Company as a Member and enjoy the burdens and benefits of his or 
her Membership Interests. 
5.5 
Resignation of the Manager. The Manager may resign at any time by 
giving Notice to the Members. The resignation of the Manager shall take effect upon 
receipt of such Notice or at such later date as specified in such Notice. The acceptance 
of the resignation of the Manager shall not be necessary to make such resignation 
effective. The resignation of the Manager who is also a Member shall not affect the 
Manager's rights as a Member and shall not constitute a withdrawal of the Member. 
5.6 
Appointment of New Manager. 
If a vacancy in the office of Manager 
occurs, a new Manager shall be designated with the Consent of the Members to fill such 
vacancy, provided that in the event of the death, removal, or resignation of Richard 
Kahn as the Manager, or of any other Person hereafter designated by Southern 
EFTA00809794
--- PAGE 11 ---
Financial, LLC as a successor Manager, then a Person designated by Southern 
Financial, LLC, in its sole discretion, by written notice delivered to the other Members, 
shall become the succeeding Manager. In the event that any vacancy in the office of 
Manager is not filled as provided in the preceding sentence, management of the 
Company shall be vested in the Members. 
5.7 
Indemnification by the Company. 
The Company shall indemnify the 
Manager for all costs, losses, liabilities and damages paid or incurred by the Manager in 
connection with the business of the Company to the fullest extent provided or permitted 
by the Act and the other laws of the State of Delaware. In connection therewith, the 
Company shall advance to the Manager as they are paid or incurred all expenses 
arising with respect to the defense of any matter as to which the Company will be 
obligated to provide indemnification pursuant to this Section 5.7. 
ARTICLE 6 
MEMBERS 
6.1 
Powers of Members. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5.2, the 
Members shall have the right to Consent to the following matters: 
(a) 
removal of the Manager as provided in Section 5.4; 
(b) 
designation of a new Manager upon the resignation, removal, death 
or permanent disability of the then-current Manager as provided in Section 5.6; 
and 
(c) 
dissolution of the Company as provided in Article 10. 
6.2 
Partition. While the Company remains in effect or is continued, each 
Member waives its rights to have any Company property partitioned, or to file a 
complaint or to institute any suit, action or proceeding at law or in equity to have any 
Company property partitioned, and each Member, on behalf of itself, its successors and 
its assigns hereby waives any such right. 
6.3 
Authority. Except as expressly authorized in this Agreement, no Member 
shall take any action as a Member to bind the Company, and each Member shall 
indemnify the Company for any costs or damages incurred by the Company as the 
result of the unauthorized action of such Member. 
6.4 
Vote of the Members. An affirmative vote or Consent by or on behalf of 
the Members possessing more than 66 2/3% of the Membership Interests shall be 
required to approve or disapprove any matter on which the Members are entitled or 
required to decide or Consent, except as otherwise required by the provisions of the 
Act. 
EFTA00809795
--- PAGE 12 ---
ARTICLE 7 
TRANSACTIONS; AFFILIATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
7.1 
Transactions Between a Member or Manager and the Company. Except 
as otherwise limited by applicable law, any Member or Manager may, but shall not be 
obligated to, lend money to the Company, act as surety for the Company and transact 
other business with the Company, and shall have the same rights and obligations when 
transacting business with the Company as a person or entity who is not a Member or 
Manager. 
7.2 
Affiliated Party Transactions. 
The Members acknowledge that the 
Company is being formed to purchase and then hold an investments in one or more 
entities, for which the Manager, any Member and/or any Affiliate thereof may provide 
certain advisory or consulting services or on whose governing body the Manager, any 
Member and/or any Affiliate thereof may serve. In connection therewith, the Members 
acknowledge such potential conflict of interest and waive and consent to any such 
transaction that may be approved on behalf of the Company as provided in this 
Agreement. 
ARTICLE 8 
FISCAL YEAR; BOOKS AND RECORDS; BANK ACCOUNTS 
8.1 
Bank Accounts. The funds of the Company shall be deposited in such 
federally insured bank account or accounts or other financial intermediary as the 
Manager in his or her discretion determines are required, and the Manager shall 
arrange for the appropriate conduct of such accounts. 
8.2 
Books and Records. 
(a) 
There shall be kept and maintained full and accurate books 
respecting the business of the Company showing all receipts and expenditures, 
assets and liabilities, profits, losses and distributions, and all other records 
reasonably necessary or appropriate for recording the Company's business 
affairs at the Company's principal place of business or such other location as the 
Manager may determine. 
(b) 
The books of the Company shall be kept on the method of 
accounting determined by the Manager and shall show at all times each and 
every item of income and expense. 
8.3 
Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Company shall be the calendar year. 
8.4 
Tax Matters Partner. 
Pursuant to Code Section 6231, the Person 
designated by the Manager from time to time shall act as the Tax Matters Partner of the 
Company. The Tax Matters Partner shall, within 30 days after receipt thereof, forward 
to each Member a photocopy of any notices relating to the Company received from the 
Internal Revenue Service or other revenue authority. 
EFTA00809796
--- PAGE 13 ---
8.5 
Tax Returns. In addition to the requirements of Section 8.2, tax returns of 
the Company shall be prepared by the Person selected by the Manager. 
ARTICLE 9 
TRANSFERS 
9.1 
General Provision. No Member shall, directly or indirectly, voluntarily or 
involuntarily, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose 
of ("Transfer") the whole or any part of its, his or her Membership Interests in the 
Company, except with the prior written approval of the Manager, in its, his or her sole 
discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such Member is an individual, such 
Person's Membership Interests may pass to his or her estate upon his or her death 
subject to the other provisions of this Agreement. No party shall become a Member 
without the Consent of the Members. 
9.2 
Sale of the Company. 
(a) 
If the Manager approves a Sale of the Company (an "Approved 
Sale"), then each Member and any other holder of Membership Interests will 
consent to and raise no objection to the Approved Sale, and if the Approved Sale 
is structured as a sale of Membership Interests, then each Member and any 
other holder of Membership Interests will agree to sell all of their Membership 
Interests on the same terms and conditions as approved by the Manager. Each 
Member and any other holder of Membership Interests will take all actions which 
the Manager deems reasonably necessary in connection with the consummation 
of the Approved Sale. 
(b) 
The obligations of the Members and any other holders of 
Membership Interests with respect to the Approved Sale are subject to the 
condition that upon the consummation of the Approved Sale, all of the holders of 
Membership Interests will, subject to Section 4.6, receive substantially the same 
form and amount of consideration for their Membership Interests sold, or if any 
such Membership Interests are given an option as to the form and amount of 
consideration to be received, all such holders will be given the same option. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 9.2(b) shall 
prevent any individual from receiving an offer of employment upon reasonable 
terms in connection with services to be provided after the consummation of the 
Approved Sale. 
(c) 
Each Member and any other holder of Membership Interests will 
bear their pro rata share (based upon the total amount of Membership Interests 
sold) of the cost of any sale of Membership Interests pursuant to an Approved 
Sale to the extent such costs are incurred for the benefit of all holders of 
Membership Interests and are not otherwise paid by the Company. 
Costs 
incurred by Members and the other holders of Membership Interests on their own 
behalf, will not be considered costs of the Approved Sale contemplated 
EFTA00809797
--- PAGE 14 ---
hereunder. 
ARTICLE 10 
DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION 
10.1 Dissolution. The Company shall be dissolved upon the Consent of the 
Members or as otherwise provided by the Articles or the Act. 
10.2 Procedures Upon Dissolution. 
(a) 
Upon dissolution of the Company, the Company shall be terminated 
and the Manager, or if there is no Manager, the Members, shall liquidate the 
assets of the Company. 
The proceeds of liquidation shall be applied and 
distributed in the following order of priority: 
(i) 
First, to the payment of the debts and liabilities of the 
Company (other than any loans or advances made by any of the Members 
to the Company) and the expenses of liquidation; 
(ii) 
Second, to the creation of any reserves which the Manager 
or liquidating Members deem reasonably necessary for the payment of 
any contingent or unforeseen liabilities or obligations of the Company or 
Members (to the extent the Company is liable therefor) arising out of or in 
connection with the business and operation of the Company; 
(iii) 
Third, to the payment of any loans or advances made by any 
of the Members to the Company; and 
(iv) 
Thereafter, to the Members in the manner, and in the 
priorities set forth in Section 4.6. 
(b) 
A reasonable time shall be allowed for the orderly liquidation of the 
assets of the Company and the discharge of liabilities. 
During the period 
beginning with the dissolution of the Company and ending with its liquidation and 
termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.2, the business affairs 
of the Company shall be conducted by the Manager or, if there is no Manager, by 
the Members. During such period, the business and affairs of the Company shall 
be conducted so as to preserve the assets of the Company and maintain the 
status which existed immediately prior to such termination. 
EFTA00809798
--- PAGE 15 ---
ARTICLE 11 
MISCELLANEOUS 
11.1 Binding Agreement. 
Subject to the restrictions on transfers and 
encumbrances set forth herein, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be 
binding upon the Members and their respective heirs, executors, legal representatives, 
successors and assigns. Whenever in this instrument a reference to any party or 
Member is made, such reference shall be deemed to include a reference to the heirs, 
executors, legal representatives, successors and assigns of each Member. 
11.2 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the 
same instrument. In addition, this Agreement may contain more than one counterpart of 
the signature pages and this Agreement may be executed by the affixing of the 
signatures of each of the Members to one of such counterpart signature pages; all of 
such signature pages shall be read as though, and this Agreement shall have the same 
force and effect as though, all of the signers had signed a single signature page. 
11.3 Effect of Consent or Waiver. No consent or waiver, express or implied, by 
any Member to or of any breach or default by any other Member in the performance by 
such other Member of its, his or her obligations hereunder shall be deemed or 
construed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default by such other 
Member in the performance by such other Member of the same or any other obligations 
of such Member hereunder. Failure on the part of any Member to object to or complain 
of any act or failure to act of any of the other Members or to declare any of the other 
Members in default, regardless of how long such failure continues, shall not constitute a 
waiver by any such Member of its, his or her rights hereunder. 
11.4 Enforceability. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof 
to any Person or circumstances shall be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the 
remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provisions to other Persons or 
circumstances shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforced to the greatest extent 
permitted by law. 
11.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains all of the terms agreed upon 
by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior 
agreements, arrangements and communications between the parties hereto dealing 
with the Membership Interests, whether oral or written. 
11.6 Governing Law: Jurisdiction. 
In all respects, including all matters of 
construction, validity and performance, the Agreement and the obligations arising 
hereunder shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the 
laws of the State of Delaware, applicable to contracts made and performed in such 
state, without regard to the principles thereof regarding conflict of laws. The Company 
and each of the Members agree to submit to personal jurisdiction and to waive any 
objection as to venue in the Superior Court or the United States District Court located in 
EFTA00809799
--- PAGE 16 ---
St. Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands. Service of process on the Company 
and any of the Members in any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall 
be effective if mailed to such party at the address set forth on the register of Members 
maintained by the Manager. 
11.7 Liability Among Members. 
No Member shall be liable to any other 
Member or to the Manager by reason of its, his or her actions or omissions in 
connection with the Company, unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, and except 
for acts or omissions or alleged acts or omissions that were performed or omitted 
fraudulently or in bad faith or as a result of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
11.8 No Partnership Intended for Nontax Purposes. 
The Members have 
caused the Company to be formed under the Act and expressly do not intend hereby to 
form a partnership under the laws of any jurisdiction. The Members do not intend to be 
partners one to another, or partners as to any third party. To the extent any Member, by 
word or action, represents to another Person that any other Member is a partner or that 
the Company is a partnership, the Member making such wrongful representation shall 
be liable to any other Member who incurs personal liability by reason of such wrongful 
representation. 
11.9 Amendment. 
This Agreement may be amended or modified by the 
Manager in his or her discretion without the Consent of any Member; provided, 
however, that any amendment or modification that materially and adversely effects a 
Member's economic interest in the Company in a manner disproportionate to the other 
members shall not be effective as to such Member without the Consent of such 
Member. 
11.10 Notices. Any Notice to the Manager or Members required under the terms 
of this Agreement shall be sent to their respective addresses, as set forth on the register 
of Members maintained by the Manager. All Notices and copies thereof provided for 
herein shall be hand delivered with receipt therefor, sent by overnight courier service 
with receipt therefor, or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and 
first-class postage prepaid. Changes of address may be given to the Company, the 
Manager, and the Members by Notice given in accordance with the terms of this 
Section. Time periods shall commence on the date that such Notice is delivered or 
attempted to be delivered if receipt thereof is refused by the recipient. Any Notice that 
is required to be given within a stated period of time shall be considered timely made or 
given if delivered or postmarked before 11:59 p.m., local time, on the last day of such 
period. 
11.11 Business Pursuits of Members and Manager. 
Except as otherwise 
expressly provided in this Agreement or in any other written agreement by which any 
Member or Manager may be bound, this Agreement shall not preclude or limit in any 
respect the right of any Member or the Manager to engage in or invest in any business 
activity of any nature or description. Any such permitted activity may be engaged in 
independently or with other Members or the Manager. No Member or Manager shall 
have the right, by virtue of this the Certificate, this Agreement or the relationship created 
EFTA00809800
--- PAGE 17 ---
hereby, to any interest in such other permitted ventures or activities or to the income or 
proceeds derived therefrom. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement 
or in any other written agreement by which any Member or Manager may be bound, the 
pursuit of such permitted ventures shall not be deemed wrongful or improper and any 
Member or Manager shall have the right to participate in or to recommend to others any 
investment opportunity. 
11.12 Reimbursement. 
The Company shall reimburse the Manager and the 
Members for all incremental out-of-pocket expenses approved by the Manager, 
reasonably incurred and paid by any of them in the organization and operation of the 
Company. Such expenses shall not include any expenses incurred in connection with a 
Member's exercise of its rights as a Member apart from the authorized conduct of the 
Company's business on its behalf. Such reimbursements shall be treated as expenses 
of the Company and shall not be deemed to constitute distributions to any Member of 
Profit, Loss or capital of the Company. 
11.13 References. References herein to the singular shall include the plural and 
to the plural shall include the singular, and references to one gender shall include the 
others, except where the same shall not be appropriate. 
11.14 Titles and Captions. Section titles or captions contained in this Agreement 
are for convenience only and shall not be deemed a part of the content of this 
Agreement. 
[Signature page follows] 
EFTA00809801
--- PAGE 18 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties here executed this Agreement 
as of the date first set forth above. 
TRUTH ROBOT, LLC 
By: 
Richard Kahn, Manager 
SAMANTHA ROSE STEIN 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
By: 
Richard Kahn, Treasurer 
S-1 
EFTA00809802
--- PAGE 19 ---
EXHIBIT A 
The names, addresses and Membership Interests of the Members are set forth 
below. 
Number of 
Membership 
Percentage 
Name and Address 
Interests 
Ownership 
Samantha Rose Stein 
500 
50% 
[Address] 
Southern Financial, LLC 
500 
50% 
6100 Red Hook Quarter. B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
TOTAL 
1,000 
100.00% 
EFTA00809803

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809804.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRUTH ROBOT, LLC 
OPERATING AGREEMENT 
THIS OPERATING AGREEMENT is made as of the 
day of March, 2019 by 
and among Truth Robot, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Company"), 
those persons who execute this Agreement as of the date hereof, and those other 
persons, if any, who from time to time become parties to or are otherwise bound by this 
Agreement as provided herein. 
RECITALS 
A. 
On March 13, 2019, the Company was formed at the direction of the 
Members by the filing of the certificate of Formation with the Secretary of State of the 
State of Delaware. 
B. 
The Members now desire to enter into this Agreement in order to set forth 
the respective rights and obligations of the Members in regard to the ownership, 
management and governance of the Company. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other valuable 
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Members and the 
Company agree as follows: 
ARTICLE 1 
DEFINED TERMS 
1.1 
"Act" means the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, as amended 
from time to time. 
1.2 
"Adjusted Capital Account Balance" means, with respect to each Member, 
such Member's Capital Account balance maintained in accordance with this Agreement, 
as of the end of the relevant fiscal year of the Company, after giving effect to the 
following adjustments: 
(a) 
Credit to such Capital Account of such Member's share of minimum 
gain determined in accordance with Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 
1.704-2(i)(5); and 
(b) 
Debit to such Capital Account of the items described in Regulations 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6). 
The foregoing definition of "Adjusted Capital Account Balance" is intended to comply 
with the provisions of Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and 1.704-2, and shall 
be interpreted consistently therewith. 
1.3 
"Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other person that, 
directly or indirectly, controls, is under common control with, or is controlled by that 
943493.v2 
EFTA00809804
--- PAGE 2 ---
Person. For purposes of this definition, "control" (including, with correlative meaning, 
the terms "controlled by" and "under common control with"), as used with respect to any 
Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct and 
cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through 
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
1.4 
"Agreement" means this Operating Agreement of the Company, and all 
amendments thereto. 
1.5 
"Approved Sale" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(a). 
1.6 
"Capital Account" means, with respect to each Member, the Capital 
Account maintained for such Member in accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
To each Member's Capital Account there shall be credited such 
Member's Capital Contributions, such Member's distributive share of Profits and 
the amount of any Company liabilities assumed by such Member or which are 
secured by any property distributed to such Member by the Company. 
(b) 
To each Members Capital Account there shall be debited the 
amount of cash and the Gross Asset Value of any property distributed to such 
Member pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, and such Member's 
distributive share of Losses. 
(c) 
In the event all or a portion of a Member's Membership Interests 
are transferred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the transferee 
shall succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor to the extent it relates to 
the transferred Membership Interests. 
(d) 
In determining the amount of any liability for purposes of the 
foregoing subparagraph (a), there shall be taken into account Code 
Section 752(c) and any other applicable provisions of the Code and Regulations. 
The foregoing provisions and the other provisions of this Agreement relating to 
the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with Regulations 
Sections 1.704-1(b) and 1.704-2, and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner 
consistent with such Regulations. In the event the Manager shall reasonably determine 
that it is prudent to modify the manner in which the Capital Accounts, or any debits or 
credits thereto, are computed in order to comply with such Regulations, the Manager 
may make such modification; provided that such modification is not likely to have a 
material effect on the amount distributed to any Member pursuant to Article 10 hereof 
upon the liquidation of the Company. 
1.7 
"Capital Contributions" means the aggregate amount of cash and Gross 
Asset Value of property (less the amount of indebtedness, if any, of such Member which 
is assumed by the Company and/or the amount of indebtedness, if any, to which such 
property is subject, as of the date of contribution, without regard to the provisions of 
Code Section 7701(g)) contributed by a Member to the capital of the Company. 
EFTA00809805
--- PAGE 3 ---
1.8 
"Cash Flow" means, for any period, the amount by which (a) the gross 
cash receipts of the Company from any source for such period (including, but not limited 
to, Capital Contributions, loans, distributions received by the Company in respect of any 
stock, partnership interest or other equity interest owned by the Company, and 
proceeds from the sale, financing, refinancing or other disposition of all or any portion of 
the Company property), exceed (b) the sum of (i) the aggregate cash disbursements for 
such period (including, but not limited to, Company administrative 
costs, 
reimbursements paid to the Manager in respect of his or her day-to-day management 
activities hereunder, principal and interest payable on Company debt and capital 
expenditures), and (ii) amounts previously set aside as reserves as determined by the 
Manager in his or her discretion. 
1.9 
"Certificate" means the Certificate of Formation of the Company, as 
amended from time to time, as filed in accordance with the Act. 
1.10 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or any 
corresponding provision of succeeding law). 
1.11 "Company" means the limited liability company herein formed and known 
as Truth Robot, LLC, as said Company may from time to time be constituted. 
1.12 "Consent" means the prior written consent or approval of a Person to do 
the act or thing for which the consent or approval is solicited, or the act of granting such 
consent or approval as the context may require. 
1.13 "Depreciation" means, for each fiscal year or other period, an amount 
equal to the depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction allowable with 
respect to an asset for such year or other period, except that if the Gross Asset Value of 
an asset differs from its adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes at the beginning 
of such year or other period, Depreciation shall be an amount which bears the same 
ratio to such beginning Gross Asset Value as the federal income tax depreciation, 
amortization or other cost recovery deduction for such year or other period bears to 
such beginning adjusted tax basis; provided, however, that if the federal income tax 
depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction from such year or other 
period is zero, Depreciation shall be determined with reference to such beginning Gross 
Asset Value using any reasonable method selected by the Manager. 
1.14 "Gross Asset Value" means, with respect to any asset, the asset's 
adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes, except as follows: 
(a) 
The initial Gross Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Member 
to the Company shall be the gross fair market value of such asset, as determined 
by the contributing Member and the Manager; 
(b) 
The Gross Asset Values of all Company assets shall be adjusted to 
equal their respective gross fair market values, as reasonably determined by the 
Manager, as of the following times: (i) the acquisition of additional Membership 
Interests in the Company by any new or existing Member in exchange for more 
EFTA00809806
--- PAGE 4 ---
than a de minimis capital contribution; (ii) the distribution by the Company to a 
Member of more than a de minimis amount of Company assets, including money, 
as consideration for an interest in the Company; and (iii) the liquidation of the 
Company within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g); 
provided, however, that adjustments pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) and (ii) 
shall be made only if the Manager reasonably determines that such adjustments 
are necessary or appropriate to reflect the relative economic interests of the 
Members in the Company; 
(c) 
The Gross Asset Value of any Company asset distributed to any 
Member shall be the gross fair market value of such asset on the date of 
distribution; and 
(d) 
The Gross Asset Values of Company assets shall be increased (or 
decreased) to reflect any adjustments to the adjusted basis of such assets 
pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section 743(b), but only to the extent 
that such adjustments are taken into account in determining Capital Accounts 
pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) and the definition of "Capital 
Account" herein. 
If the Gross Asset Value of an asset has been determined or adjusted pursuant to any 
of the foregoing subparagraphs (a), (b) or (d) of this Section, such Gross Asset Value 
shall thereafter be adjusted by the Depreciation taken into account with respect to such 
asset for purposes of computing Profits and Losses. 
1.15 "Manager means the Person designated or appointed as Manager 
pursuant to this Agreement, and any other Person who becomes a successor or 
additional Manager of the Company pursuant to this Agreement. 
1.16 "Member" means any Person who is designated as a Member on Exhibit A 
to this Agreement at the time of reference thereto and who is acting in such Person's 
capacity as a Member of the Company, and any other Persons who from time to time 
become parties to or are otherwise bound by this Agreement as Members. 
1.17 "Membership Interest" means an ownership interest of a Member in the 
Company at any particular time, including the right of such Member to any and all 
benefits to which a Member may be entitled pursuant to this Agreement and under the 
Act, together with all obligations of such Member to comply with the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement and the Act. 
Membership Interests are owned by 
Members as set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement, as amended from time to time. 
1.18 "Notice" means a writing, containing the information required by this 
Agreement to be communicated to any Person, and given or delivered in accordance 
with the requirements of this Agreement. 
1.19 "Person" means any individual, partnership, limited liability company, 
corporation, trust, estate or other entity. 
EFTA00809807
--- PAGE 5 ---
1.20 "Profits" and "Losses" means, for each fiscal year or other period, an 
amount equal to the Company's taxable income or loss for such year or period, 
determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a) (for this purpose, all items of 
income, gain, loss or deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Code 
Section 703(a)(1) shall be included in taxable income or loss), with the following 
adjustments: 
(a) 
Any income of the Company that is exempt from federal income tax 
and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to 
this definition shall be added to such taxable income or loss; 
(b) 
Any 
expenditures 
of 
the 
Company 
described 
in 
Code 
Section 705(a)(2)(B), or treated as Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures 
pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), and not otherwise taken into 
account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to this definition shall be 
subtracted from such taxable income or loss; 
(c) 
In the event the Gross Asset Value of any Company asset is 
adjusted pursuant to subparagraph (b) or (d) of Section 1.14 hereof, the amount 
of such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss from the 
disposition of such asset for purposes of computing Profits or Losses; 
(d) 
Gain or loss resulting from any disposition of property with respect 
to which gain or loss is recognized for federal income tax purposes shall be 
computed by reference to the Gross Asset Value of the property disposed of 
notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such property differs from its Gross 
Asset Value; and 
(e) 
Depreciation shall be taken into account for such fiscal year or 
other period in computing such taxable income or loss, in lieu of the depreciation, 
amortization and other cost recovery deductions that otherwise may be taken into 
account in the absence of Section 1.13. 
1.21 "Regulations" means the United States Treasury Regulations, as 
amended from time to time. 
1.22 
"Sale of the Company" means the sale of the Company to any party on an 
arms-length basis, pursuant to which such party or parties acquire (i) a majority of the 
Membership Interests in the Company (whether by sale of Membership Interests or 
merger or otherwise), or (ii) all or substantially all of the Company's assets, determined 
on a consolidated basis. 
1.23 "Transfer" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. 
1.24 "Unreturned Capital Contributions" means, with respect to any Member, 
the difference between (a) the Capital Contributions made by such Member, less (b) the 
aggregate amount of distributions made to such Member pursuant to Section 4.6(a). 
EFTA00809808
--- PAGE 6 ---
ARTICLE 2 
THE COMPANY 
2.1 
Formation and Name. The Company has been formed as a limited liability 
company pursuant to the provisions of the Act. The Company was formed with the 
name "Truth Robot, LLC"; provided that the Company may hereafter adopt such other 
name or names as the Manager may from time to time select. 
2.2 
Purpose. The Company has been organized to engage in the transaction 
of any and all lawful businesses or activities which a limited liability company may carry 
on under the Act and the laws of any other jurisdiction in which the Company is so 
engaged. 
2.3 
Registered Agent. The Company's registered agent shall be the Person 
designated by the Manager from time to time to serve in that capacity in accordance 
with the terms of the Act. 
2.4 
Qualification in Additional Jurisdictions. 
The Manager is authorized to 
qualify the Company to do business in any jurisdiction in which such qualification is 
deemed by the Manager as necessary or desirable in carrying out the Company's 
business, and pursuant thereto, to appoint a registered agent and to establish a 
registered office in such jurisdiction, and to cause the Company to operate in such 
jurisdiction under another name selected by the Manager, in compliance with the 
assumed name statute of such jurisdiction, if the Company is not allowed under the 
laws of such jurisdiction to operate under its legal name. 
ARTICLE 3 
MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS; CONTRIBUTIONS BY THE MEMBERS 
3.1 
Membership Interests. The Company shall issue one type of ownership 
interest, with such rights, preferences and obligations as set forth in this Agreement. 
Holders of Membership Interests shall be entitled to one vote per Membership Interest 
held; provided that such holder is also a Member. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Agreement, no Person shall be entitled to vote with respect to 
any Membership Interests unless such person is a Member. 
3.2 
Initial Capital of the Company. On or prior to the date hereof, each of the 
Members (or the Person from whom such Member acquired, directly or indirectly, its, his 
or her Membership Interests) has made an initial Capital Contribution to the Company 
as recorded in the books and records of the Company. In exchange therefor, each 
Member (or the Person from whom such Member acquired, directly or indirectly, its, his 
or her Membership Interests) has received that number of Membership Interests set 
forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. 
3.3 
No Additional Capital Contributions. 
No Member shall be required to 
make any additional Capital Contribution to the Company. 
EFTA00809809
--- PAGE 7 ---
3.4 
Withdrawal. Except as otherwise provided in Article 9 of this Agreement, 
no Member shall be entitled to withdraw or resign from the Company, prior to its 
dissolution and winding up, without first obtaining the written consent of the Manager. A 
Member who withdraws in violation of this Section 3.4, shall forfeit any and all 
distributions to which such Member may be entitled to receive under the Act or this 
Agreement. 
3.5 
Issuance of Additional Membership Interest to New Members. 
Unless 
waived in writing by all of the Members, no new Members will be admitted to the 
Company unless the new Membership Interests to be issued to such Members shall 
have first been offered to the existing Members in proportion to their Membership 
Interests. 
Such offer shall be made by written notice specifying the number of 
Membership Interest to which each Member is entitled, the price and terms on which 
such Membership Interests are being offered and further specifying that such offer will 
be deemed to have been declined if it is not accepted not later than five business days 
following the date of such notice. To accept such offer, a Member shall, before the 
expiration of such time period, deliver to the Company a written subscription for all or 
any portion of such Membership Interests to which such Member is entitled at such 
price and on such terms as specified in such offer. After the expiration of such time 
period or on receipt of written notice from a Member to whom such notice is given that 
such Member declines to accept such offer, the Company shall issue the Membership 
Interests which have been so accepted to the accepting Member in accordance with the 
subscription and, within the period ending three months following expiration of such five-
day period, the Company may issue the Membership Interests which have not been 
accepted or subscribed for in such manner as the Manager determines to be most 
beneficial to the Company, provided that the price and terms so fixed by the Manager 
shall not be less beneficial to the Company than the price and terms set forth in the offer 
to Members required by this Section. 
ARTICLE 4 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; PROFITS AND LOSSES; DISTRIBUTIONS 
4.1 
Capital Accounts. The Company shall establish and maintain a Capital 
Account for each Member. 
4.2 
Allocation of Profits and Losses. 
(a) 
Profits of the Company shall be allocated among the Members as 
follows: 
(i) 
First, to each Member pro rata and in proportion to the 
cumulative Losses, if any, allocated to such Member pursuant to 
Section 4.2(b)(ii) hereof until the cumulative Profits allocated to such 
Member under this Section 4.2(a)(i) equals the cumulative Losses 
allocated to such Member under Section 4.2(b)(i) hereof; and 
EFTA00809810
--- PAGE 8 ---
(ii) 
Then, the balance, if any, to the Members in accordance 
with their respective Membership Interests. 
(b) 
Losses of the Company shall be allocated to the Members as 
follows: 
(i) 
First, to the Members in accordance with their respective 
Membership Interests; provided, however, that no Member shall be 
allocated Losses in excess of its, his or her Adjusted Capital Account 
Balance, determined immediately prior to the allocation provided for in this 
Section 4.2(b)(i); and 
(ii) 
Then, to the extent any Losses allocated to a Member 
pursuant to Section 4.2(b)(i) would, but for the proviso contained therein, 
exceed a Member's Adjusted Capital Account Balance, such Losses shall 
be allocated first to the other Members in proportion to, and to the extent 
of, their respective Adjusted Capital Account Balances, and then to any 
Member guaranteeing debt of the Company, making loans to the 
Company or otherwise having liability for Company debt, in proportion to 
the debt guaranteed, the loans made or the amount of such liability. 
4.3 
Reallocation by Manager. 
The allocation of Profits and Losses in 
Section 4.2 is intended to have substantial economic effect within the meaning of 
Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2) or be in accordance with the Members' interests in 
the Company within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(4). If subsequent 
events (including, but not limited to, nonrecourse borrowing by the Company or a loan 
by a Member to the Company) cause, in the reasonable opinion of the Manager, the 
Section 4.2 allocations to have neither substantial economic effect nor be in accordance 
with the Members' interests in the Company, the Manager may (a) allocate the income, 
gain, loss, deduction and credit of the Company so that such allocations are in 
accordance with the Members' Membership Interests; or (b) make such other 
modifications to this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the addition of minimum 
gain chargeback, qualified income offset and other special allocation provisions 
specified in Regulations Sections 1.704-2 or 1.704-1(b)) that are necessary in the 
reasonable opinion of the Manager to cause such allocations to have substantial 
economic effect within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2). 
4.4 
Tax Allocations. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all items 
of income, gain, loss and deduction shall be allocated, for federal and state income tax 
purposes, among the Members in the same manner as the corresponding items of 
income, gain, loss and deduction are allocated for purposes of maintaining the Capital 
Account of each of the Members. 
4.5 
Section 704(c) Allocations. In accordance with Code Section 704(c) and 
the Regulations thereunder, income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to any 
property contributed to the capital of the Company shall, solely for tax purposes, be 
allocated among the Members so as to take account of any variation between the 
EFTA00809811
--- PAGE 9 ---
adjusted basis of such property to the Company for federal income tax purposes and its 
initial Gross Asset Value, including, but not limited to, special allocations to a 
contributing Member that are required under Code Section 704(c) to be made upon 
distribution of such property to any of the noncontributing Members. In the event the 
Gross Asset Value of any property of the Company is adjusted pursuant to 
subparagraph (b) of Section 1.14, subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss and 
deduction with respect to such property shall take account of any variation between the 
adjusted basis of such property for federal income tax purposes and its Gross Asset 
Value in the same manner as under Code Section 704(c) and the Regulations 
thereunder. Any elections or other decisions relating to such allocations shall be made 
by the Manager in any manner that reasonably reflects the purpose and intention of this 
Agreement. Allocations pursuant to this Section 4.5 are solely for purposes of federal, 
state and local taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account in 
computing, a Members Capital Account or share of Profits or Losses, other items or 
distributions pursuant to any provision of this Agreement. 
4.6 
Distribution of Cash Flow. To the extent there is Cash Flow available for 
distribution, as determined by the Manager, the Manager shall cause the Company to 
distribute such available Cash Flow: 
(a) 
first, to those Members with Unreturned Capital Contributions, pro 
rata in proportion to the amount of such Unreturned Capital Contributions, until 
the amount of each Member's Unreturned Capital Contributions has been 
reduced to zero; and 
(b) 
thereafter, to the Members, pro rata in accordance with their 
respective Membership Interests. 
ARTICLE 5 
MANAGEMENT 
5.1 
Initial Manager. The management of the Company's business shall be 
vested in one Manager unless a greater number of Managers shall be fixed from time to 
time by action of the Members. The initial Manager of the Company shall be Richard 
Kahn. A Manager shall hold office until his, her or its death, removal, or resignation. 
5.2 
Management Authority. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise authorized in this Agreement, all management 
decisions of the Company (including, without limitation, any actions or votes 
taken by or on behalf of the Company in respect of any equity interest held by the 
Company in another entity) shall be made by the Manager, who shall be 
responsible for the conduct of the business of the Company, subject to the 
provisions of this Agreement and the Act. The Manager shall have all of the 
rights, powers, duties and obligations of managers as provided in the Act, and as 
otherwise provided by law, and any action taken by the Manager, not otherwise 
EFTA00809812
--- PAGE 10 ---
in violation of the Act or this Agreement, shall constitute the act of and serve to 
bind the Company. 
(b) 
Only the Manager and agents of the Company authorized by the 
Manager shall have the authority to bind the Company. The Manager is an agent 
of the Company for the purpose of its business, and the act of the Manager, 
including the execution in the Company's name of any instrument for apparently 
carrying on in the usual way the business of the Company, binds the Company, 
unless such act is in contravention of the Act or this Agreement or any 
agreement between the Manager and the Company or unless the Manager so 
acting otherwise lacks the authority to act for the Company and the Person with 
whom the Manager is dealing has knowledge of the fact that he, she or it has no 
such authority. If the Manager acts without the requisite authority, the Manager 
shall be liable for any damages or liabilities arising with respect to such action 
unless the Manager can show that he, she or it reasonably believed after due 
inquiry that such action was authorized. 
5.3 
Limitation on Liability. The Manager shall perform his, her or its duties as 
the Manager in good faith, in a manner he, she or it reasonably believes to be in the 
best interest of the Company and the Members, and with such care as an ordinarily 
prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. A Person who 
so performs his, her or its duties shall not have any liability by reason of being or having 
been a Manager of the Company. The Manager shall not be liable, responsible or 
accountable in damages or otherwise to the Company or any Member for any action 
taken or failure to act on behalf of the Company within the scope of authority conferred 
on the Manager under this Agreement or the Act, except where the claim at issue is 
based on the fraud, gross negligence or bad faith of the Manager. 
5.4 
Removal of the Manager. The Manager may be removed with or without 
cause upon the Consent of the Members, but such removal shall be without prejudice to 
any contract rights the Manager may have. Any removal of the Manager shall become 
effective on such date as may be specified by the Members voting in favor thereof. 
Should the Manager be removed who is also a Member, such Member will continue to 
participate in the Company as a Member and enjoy the burdens and benefits of his or 
her Membership Interests. 
5.5 
Resignation of the Manager. The Manager may resign at any time by 
giving Notice to the Members. The resignation of the Manager shall take effect upon 
receipt of such Notice or at such later date as specified in such Notice. The acceptance 
of the resignation of the Manager shall not be necessary to make such resignation 
effective. The resignation of the Manager who is also a Member shall not affect the 
Manager's rights as a Member and shall not constitute a withdrawal of the Member. 
5.6 
Appointment of New Manager. 
If a vacancy in the office of Manager 
occurs, a new Manager shall be designated with the Consent of the Members to fill such 
vacancy, provided that in the event of the death, removal, or resignation of Richard 
Kahn as the Manager, or of any other Person hereafter designated by Southern 
EFTA00809813
--- PAGE 11 ---
Financial, LLC as a successor Manager, then a Person designated by Southern 
Financial, LLC, in its sole discretion, by written notice delivered to the other Members, 
shall become the succeeding Manager. In the event that any vacancy in the office of 
Manager is not filled as provided in the preceding sentence, management of the 
Company shall be vested in the Members. 
5.7 
Indemnification by the Company. 
The Company shall indemnify the 
Manager for all costs, losses, liabilities and damages paid or incurred by the Manager in 
connection with the business of the Company to the fullest extent provided or permitted 
by the Act and the other laws of the State of Delaware. In connection therewith, the 
Company shall advance to the Manager as they are paid or incurred all expenses 
arising with respect to the defense of any matter as to which the Company will be 
obligated to provide indemnification pursuant to this Section 5.7. 
ARTICLE 6 
MEMBERS 
6.1 
Powers of Members. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5.2, the 
Members shall have the right to Consent to the following matters: 
(a) 
removal of the Manager as provided in Section 5.4; 
(b) 
designation of a new Manager upon the resignation, removal, death 
or permanent disability of the then-current Manager as provided in Section 5.6; 
and 
(c) 
dissolution of the Company as provided in Article 10. 
6.2 
Partition. While the Company remains in effect or is continued, each 
Member waives its rights to have any Company property partitioned, or to file a 
complaint or to institute any suit, action or proceeding at law or in equity to have any 
Company property partitioned, and each Member, on behalf of itself, its successors and 
its assigns hereby waives any such right. 
6.3 
Authority. Except as expressly authorized in this Agreement, no Member 
shall take any action as a Member to bind the Company, and each Member shall 
indemnify the Company for any costs or damages incurred by the Company as the 
result of the unauthorized action of such Member. 
6.4 
Vote of the Members. An affirmative vote or Consent by or on behalf of 
the Members possessing more than 66 2/3% of the Membership Interests shall be 
required to approve or disapprove any matter on which the Members are entitled or 
required to decide or Consent, except as otherwise required by the provisions of the 
Act. 
EFTA00809814
--- PAGE 12 ---
ARTICLE 7 
TRANSACTIONS; AFFILIATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
7.1 
Transactions Between a Member or Manager and the Company. Except 
as otherwise limited by applicable law, any Member or Manager may, but shall not be 
obligated to, lend money to the Company, act as surety for the Company and transact 
other business with the Company, and shall have the same rights and obligations when 
transacting business with the Company as a person or entity who is not a Member or 
Manager. 
7.2 
Affiliated Party Transactions. 
The Members acknowledge that the 
Company is being formed to purchase and then hold an investments in one or more 
entities, for which the Manager, any Member and/or any Affiliate thereof may provide 
certain advisory or consulting services or on whose governing body the Manager, any 
Member and/or any Affiliate thereof may serve. In connection therewith, the Members 
acknowledge such potential conflict of interest and waive and consent to any such 
transaction that may be approved on behalf of the Company as provided in this 
Agreement. 
ARTICLE 8 
FISCAL YEAR; BOOKS AND RECORDS; BANK ACCOUNTS 
8.1 
Bank Accounts. The funds of the Company shall be deposited in such 
federally insured bank account or accounts or other financial intermediary as the 
Manager in his or her discretion determines are required, and the Manager shall 
arrange for the appropriate conduct of such accounts. 
8.2 
Books and Records. 
(a) 
There shall be kept and maintained full and accurate books 
respecting the business of the Company showing all receipts and expenditures, 
assets and liabilities, profits, losses and distributions, and all other records 
reasonably necessary or appropriate for recording the Company's business 
affairs at the Company's principal place of business or such other location as the 
Manager may determine. 
(b) 
The books of the Company shall be kept on the method of 
accounting determined by the Manager and shall show at all times each and 
every item of income and expense. 
8.3 
Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Company shall be the calendar year. 
8.4 
Tax Matters Partner. 
Pursuant to Code Section 6231, the Person 
designated by the Manager from time to time shall act as the Tax Matters Partner of the 
Company. The Tax Matters Partner shall, within 30 days after receipt thereof, forward 
to each Member a photocopy of any notices relating to the Company received from the 
Internal Revenue Service or other revenue authority. 
EFTA00809815
--- PAGE 13 ---
8.5 
Tax Returns. In addition to the requirements of Section 8.2, tax returns of 
the Company shall be prepared by the Person selected by the Manager. 
ARTICLE 9 
TRANSFERS 
9.1 
General Provision. No Member shall, directly or indirectly, voluntarily or 
involuntarily, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose 
of ("Transfer") the whole or any part of its, his or her Membership Interests in the 
Company, except with the prior written approval of the Manager, in its, his or her sole 
discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such Member is an individual, such 
Person's Membership Interests may pass to his or her estate upon his or her death 
subject to the other provisions of this Agreement. No party shall become a Member 
without the Consent of the Members. 
9.2 
Sale of the Company. 
(a) 
If the Manager approves a Sale of the Company (an "Approved 
Sale"), then each Member and any other holder of Membership Interests will 
consent to and raise no objection to the Approved Sale, and if the Approved Sale 
is structured as a sale of Membership Interests, then each Member and any 
other holder of Membership Interests will agree to sell all of their Membership 
Interests on the same terms and conditions as approved by the Manager. Each 
Member and any other holder of Membership Interests will take all actions which 
the Manager deems reasonably necessary in connection with the consummation 
of the Approved Sale. 
(b) 
The obligations of the Members and any other holders of 
Membership Interests with respect to the Approved Sale are subject to the 
condition that upon the consummation of the Approved Sale, all of the holders of 
Membership Interests will, subject to Section 4.6, receive substantially the same 
form and amount of consideration for their Membership Interests sold, or if any 
such Membership Interests are given an option as to the form and amount of 
consideration to be received, all such holders will be given the same option. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 9.2(b) shall 
prevent any individual from receiving an offer of employment upon reasonable 
terms in connection with services to be provided after the consummation of the 
Approved Sale. 
(c) 
Each Member and any other holder of Membership Interests will 
bear their pro rata share (based upon the total amount of Membership Interests 
sold) of the cost of any sale of Membership Interests pursuant to an Approved 
Sale to the extent such costs are incurred for the benefit of all holders of 
Membership Interests and are not otherwise paid by the Company. 
Costs 
incurred by Members and the other holders of Membership Interests on their own 
behalf, will not be considered costs of the Approved Sale contemplated 
EFTA00809816
--- PAGE 14 ---
hereunder. 
ARTICLE 10 
DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION 
10.1 Dissolution. The Company shall be dissolved upon the Consent of the 
Members or as otherwise provided by the Articles or the Act. 
10.2 Procedures Upon Dissolution. 
(a) 
Upon dissolution of the Company, the Company shall be terminated 
and the Manager, or if there is no Manager, the Members, shall liquidate the 
assets of the Company. 
The proceeds of liquidation shall be applied and 
distributed in the following order of priority: 
(i) 
First, to the payment of the debts and liabilities of the 
Company (other than any loans or advances made by any of the Members 
to the Company) and the expenses of liquidation; 
(ii) 
Second, to the creation of any reserves which the Manager 
or liquidating Members deem reasonably necessary for the payment of 
any contingent or unforeseen liabilities or obligations of the Company or 
Members (to the extent the Company is liable therefor) arising out of or in 
connection with the business and operation of the Company; 
(iii) 
Third, to the payment of any loans or advances made by any 
of the Members to the Company; and 
(iv) 
Thereafter, to the Members in the manner, and in the 
priorities set forth in Section 4.6. 
(b) 
A reasonable time shall be allowed for the orderly liquidation of the 
assets of the Company and the discharge of liabilities. 
During the period 
beginning with the dissolution of the Company and ending with its liquidation and 
termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.2, the business affairs 
of the Company shall be conducted by the Manager or, if there is no Manager, by 
the Members. During such period, the business and affairs of the Company shall 
be conducted so as to preserve the assets of the Company and maintain the 
status which existed immediately prior to such termination. 
EFTA00809817
--- PAGE 15 ---
ARTICLE 11 
MISCELLANEOUS 
11.1 Binding Agreement. 
Subject to the restrictions on transfers and 
encumbrances set forth herein, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be 
binding upon the Members and their respective heirs, executors, legal representatives, 
successors and assigns. Whenever in this instrument a reference to any party or 
Member is made, such reference shall be deemed to include a reference to the heirs, 
executors, legal representatives, successors and assigns of each Member. 
11.2 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the 
same instrument. In addition, this Agreement may contain more than one counterpart of 
the signature pages and this Agreement may be executed by the affixing of the 
signatures of each of the Members to one of such counterpart signature pages; all of 
such signature pages shall be read as though, and this Agreement shall have the same 
force and effect as though, all of the signers had signed a single signature page. 
11.3 Effect of Consent or Waiver. No consent or waiver, express or implied, by 
any Member to or of any breach or default by any other Member in the performance by 
such other Member of its, his or her obligations hereunder shall be deemed or 
construed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default by such other 
Member in the performance by such other Member of the same or any other obligations 
of such Member hereunder. Failure on the part of any Member to object to or complain 
of any act or failure to act of any of the other Members or to declare any of the other 
Members in default, regardless of how long such failure continues, shall not constitute a 
waiver by any such Member of its, his or her rights hereunder. 
11.4 Enforceability. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof 
to any Person or circumstances shall be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the 
remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provisions to other Persons or 
circumstances shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforced to the greatest extent 
permitted by law. 
11.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains all of the terms agreed upon 
by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior 
agreements, arrangements and communications between the parties hereto dealing 
with the Membership Interests, whether oral or written. 
11.6 Governing Law: Jurisdiction. 
In all respects, including all matters of 
construction, validity and performance, the Agreement and the obligations arising 
hereunder shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the 
laws of the State of Delaware, applicable to contracts made and performed in such 
state, without regard to the principles thereof regarding conflict of laws. The Company 
and each of the Members agree to submit to personal jurisdiction and to waive any 
objection as to venue in the Superior Court or the United States District Court located in 
EFTA00809818
--- PAGE 16 ---
St. Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands. Service of process on the Company 
and any of the Members in any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall 
be effective if mailed to such party at the address set forth on the register of Members 
maintained by the Manager. 
11.7 Liability Among Members. 
No Member shall be liable to any other 
Member or to the Manager by reason of its, his or her actions or omissions in 
connection with the Company, unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, and except 
for acts or omissions or alleged acts or omissions that were performed or omitted 
fraudulently or in bad faith or as a result of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
11.8 No Partnership Intended for Nontax Purposes. 
The Members have 
caused the Company to be formed under the Act and expressly do not intend hereby to 
form a partnership under the laws of any jurisdiction. The Members do not intend to be 
partners one to another, or partners as to any third party. To the extent any Member, by 
word or action, represents to another Person that any other Member is a partner or that 
the Company is a partnership, the Member making such wrongful representation shall 
be liable to any other Member who incurs personal liability by reason of such wrongful 
representation. 
11.9 Amendment. 
This Agreement may be amended or modified by the 
Manager in his or her discretion without the Consent of any Member; provided, 
however, that any amendment or modification that materially and adversely effects a 
Member's economic interest in the Company in a manner disproportionate to the other 
members shall not be effective as to such Member without the Consent of such 
Member. 
11.10 Notices. Any Notice to the Manager or Members required under the terms 
of this Agreement shall be sent to their respective addresses, as set forth on the register 
of Members maintained by the Manager. All Notices and copies thereof provided for 
herein shall be hand delivered with receipt therefor, sent by overnight courier service 
with receipt therefor, or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and 
first-class postage prepaid. Changes of address may be given to the Company, the 
Manager, and the Members by Notice given in accordance with the terms of this 
Section. Time periods shall commence on the date that such Notice is delivered or 
attempted to be delivered if receipt thereof is refused by the recipient. Any Notice that 
is required to be given within a stated period of time shall be considered timely made or 
given if delivered or postmarked before 11:59 p.m., local time, on the last day of such 
period. 
11.11 Business Pursuits of Members and Manager. 
Except as otherwise 
expressly provided in this Agreement or in any other written agreement by which any 
Member or Manager may be bound, this Agreement shall not preclude or limit in any 
respect the right of any Member or the Manager to engage in or invest in any business 
activity of any nature or description. Any such permitted activity may be engaged in 
independently or with other Members or the Manager. No Member or Manager shall 
have the right, by virtue of this the Certificate, this Agreement or the relationship created 
EFTA00809819
--- PAGE 17 ---
hereby, to any interest in such other permitted ventures or activities or to the income or 
proceeds derived therefrom. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement 
or in any other written agreement by which any Member or Manager may be bound, the 
pursuit of such permitted ventures shall not be deemed wrongful or improper and any 
Member or Manager shall have the right to participate in or to recommend to others any 
investment opportunity. 
11.12 Reimbursement. 
The Company shall reimburse the Manager and the 
Members for all incremental out-of-pocket expenses approved by the Manager, 
reasonably incurred and paid by any of them in the organization and operation of the 
Company. Such expenses shall not include any expenses incurred in connection with a 
Member's exercise of its rights as a Member apart from the authorized conduct of the 
Company's business on its behalf. Such reimbursements shall be treated as expenses 
of the Company and shall not be deemed to constitute distributions to any Member of 
Profit, Loss or capital of the Company. 
11.13 References. References herein to the singular shall include the plural and 
to the plural shall include the singular, and references to one gender shall include the 
others, except where the same shall not be appropriate. 
11.14 Titles and Captions. Section titles or captions contained in this Agreement 
are for convenience only and shall not be deemed a part of the content of this 
Agreement. 
[Signature page follows] 
EFTA00809820
--- PAGE 18 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties here executed this Agreement 
as of the date first set forth above. 
TRUTH ROBOT, LLC 
By: 
Richard Kahn, Manager 
SAMANTHA ROSE STEIN 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
By: 
Jeffrey Epstein, Manager 
S-1 
EFTA00809821
--- PAGE 19 ---
EXHIBIT A 
The names, addresses and Membership Interests of the Members are set forth 
below. 
Number of 
Membership 
Percentage 
Name and Address 
Interests 
Ownership 
Samantha Rose Stein 
500 
50% 
[Address] 
Southern Financial, LLC 
500 
50% 
6100 Red Hook Quarter. B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
TOTAL 
1,000 
100.00% 
EFTA00809822

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809823.pdf
----------------------------------------
)18 
09:49:10 
COURIER RIME 
OPERATIONS SYSTEMS 
UPS DC FREIGHT REPORT 
SHIPPER 
IMPORTER/CONSIGNEE 
LOCK DISTRIBUTORS INC 
LSJE.LLC 
BRICE GORDON 
OUTH STREET 
6100 RED HOOK OTRS 
SUITE 83 
ST THOMAS 
US 
18008475625 
TEL 
)60405090610 
INBOUND 
CUSTOMS 
CTRY 
ENTRY NR 
ORIG UNTS CODE 
MERCHANDISE DESCRIPTION 
FIlE RPT05094909. rpt 
PAGE 
VALUE 
US 
PCS AL SER PASSAGE LATCH JUP 613 
3,790.00 
(USD) 
REFERENCE NUM 2: 
7694554-0001/005447 
I9 PARCEL NO. 
24.0 LBS 
=DESCRIPTION 
SURCHARGE CODE 
AMOUNT 
JRCHRGE (IMPT) 
545 
20.21 
;n INS: 
2.70 
USD 
TOTAL SURCHARGES 
WEIGHT INDICATOR : 
A 
CON/LIC: /NIA 
" 
CTRY ULT DEST: VT •• 
ULD 
" 
SHIPPER EXPORT DECLARATION 
•• CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN - T1 
•• 
NO. 
• FREIGHT COLLECT •• 
RILL TO INDICATOR 
C 
28.21 
USD 
TOTAL SNIP/NWT FREIGHT CHARGE: 
• • 
TOTAL 
VALUE 
3,790.80 (USD) 
DIFF 
0.80 
USD 
EFTA00809823
--- PAGE 2 ---
PackagelD: 121039760405090610 ShIpmentID: 10397647Z4D 
Lock Depot Inc - Print invilice (or order 1116980 
Mips: 
n/index.php7ToDoaprintOrderInvoice.. 
1•14
LOCKDEPOT 
4\c,11/ 
Lock Depot Inc Invoice for Order #169e0 A 
I Lock Depot, Inc • 
4095 S State Road 7,L-126 
Wellington, FL 33449 
Billing Details 
Brice Gordon 
LSJE.LLC
. 575 Lexington Ave 
New York, New York 10022 
United States 
Phone' 
Email: 
Order: 
Payment Method: 
*16980 
Credit Card ($3,790.80) 
Shipping Details 
Brice Gordon 
LSJE.LLC 
6100 Red Hook Otis 
Suite 63 
Si Thomas. 00802 
Virgin Islands. U.S. 
PriongS 
Email: 
Order Date: 
Shipping Method: 
1st Nov 2018 
Free shipping 
* Order Items 
Oty CoderSKU Product Name • 
AL10S- 
ALLOS-JUP-613 Schlage AL Series - 
JUP-613 
Jupiter Style Lock with Passage Latch 
Function in Oil Rubbed Bronze 
(teasel 
2-3/4' 
price 
$126.38 USD 
Total 
53,790.80 USD
I certify the information 0 
correct, to the 
The f0rcign 
sublect to duty hi the 
Subtotal 
$3,790.80 USO
Shipping. 
$0.00 USD 
Grand Total. 
$3,790.80 USD 
112/2018, 932 
EFTA00809824
--- PAGE 3 ---
United Parcel Service 
Freight Collect 
s 
II 
COMPANY NAME AND ADDRESS 
(Phono Nui•bei) 
; 
_, 
,.5 
&Jib 
TY 
It) c.0 D'snethoTed 
Z
r.  
ZAluvlberli 
STIECZ 7
Lik,arkkoeum4+ bzo9D 
C 
O 
COMPANY NAME A1•10 ADDRESS 
(P11011* NumIND 
sgE•tce 
?, /00 Avlicoe-
.57-.714trArei 
ocOZ-
• • 
$ £q/3. F/.
FORM OF PAYMENT 
El 
CHECK 
ON ACCOUNT: 
CASH 
AGOEFiED BY 
( PRINT NAME ) 
DATE 
DRIVER 
ACCOUNT MOW 
OVAII 
ACCO,AT 
UPS WAYSIL 
A 
.5- O 9 
EFTA00809825
--- PAGE 4 ---
PackagelD: 121039760405090529 ShipmenUD: 10397547Z4F 
• . 
• 
• 
Lock Dcpot Inc • Pnnt invoice for order NI 6980 
htips://www.lock-depot.comhidiniriindex.ph
oDosprintOrderInvoice. 
LC)CK[3EPOT® 
Lock Depot Inc Invoice for Order #16980 
I Lock Depot, Inc 
r 4096 3 State Road 7, L.125 
Wellington, Ft. 33449 
Billing Details 
Shipping Details 
I Brice Gordon 
Brice Gordon 
/
LSJE.LLC 
LSJE.LLC 
576 Lexington Ave 
6100 Red Hook Otis 
; New York New Yolk 10022 
Suite 83 
; United 
St Thomas. 00809 
i Phone' 
Email: 
Virgin 
. 
Phon 
Emel. 
Order: 
*16980 
Payment Method: 
Credit Card ($3.790.80) 
f03 070 04 0600 0020 
Order Date: 
1st Nov 2C18 
Shipping Method: 
Free shipping 
I Order Items 
City Code1SKU Product Name 
Price 
AL10S- 
AL10S-JUP-613 Scnlage AL Series • 
JUP-613 
Jupiter Stye Lock with Passage Latch 
Function in Oil Rubbed Bronze 
Backset 
2.314-
$126.36 USD 
Total 
53,790.80 USD 
Subtotal: 
83,790.80 USD 
Shipping: 
$0.00 USD 
Grand Total: 
$5,790.86 USG 
• 
I of I 
I/2/20 I 8. 9:32 p 
EFTA00809826
--- PAGE 5 ---
118 
09:49:10 
COURIER NAME 
OPERATIONS SYSTEMS 
UPS DC FREIGHT REPORT 
INBOUND 
SHIPPER 
IMPORTER/CONSIGNER 
LOCK DISTRIBUTORS INC 
LSJE.LLC 
S 
BRICE GORDON
IOUTH STREET 
6100 RED HOO 
SUITE B3 
US 
18008475625 
'60405090638 
CS DESCRIPTION 
IRCHRGE (IXPT) 
3H7 INS: 
ST THOMAS 
00802 
VI 
TEL 
curiae 
GIRT 
ENTRY Nit 
URIG 
LINTS CODE 
MERCHANDISE DESCRIPTION 
Flit RPT05094909.Ept 
PAGE 
VALUE 
US 
PCS AL SEX PASSAGE LATCH JOP 613 
3,790.00 
(USD) 
REFERENCE • 
2: 
7694554-0001/005497 
IS PARCEL NO. 
24.0 LBS 
SURCHARGE CODE 
Ampotha 
545 
28.21 
2.70 
USD 
TOTAL SURCHARGES 
WEIGHT INDICATOR : 
A 
CON/LIC: /NLR 
** CTRT ULT DEST: VI se 
LILO 
" 
SHIPPER EXPORT DECLARATION 
" 
CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN - TI 
" 
NO. 
" 
FREIGHT COLLECT " 
BILL TO INDICATOR 
C 
28.21 
USD 
TOTAL SHIPMENT FREIGHT CHARGE: 
• 
TOTAL 
VALUE 
3,790.80 (USD) 
"" DIET e n 
0.80 
USD 
EFTA00809827
--- PAGE 6 ---
PeckagelD: 121039760405090538 Shipment"); 103976472AG 
• ' 
' 
• 
Lock kel pot Me • Print invoice for order 016980 
hitps://www.lock 
LOCKD EPOr 
Lock Depot Inc Invoice for Order #18980 
LockOspot Inc 
4095 S State Road 7, L.125 
Wellington, FL 33449 
Billing Details 
Brice Gordon 
- 
LSJE.LLC 
• ' 
575 Lexington Ave 
, New York, New York 10022 
' United States 
EPm
hone:
rit. 
Order; 
018930 
Payment Method: 
Credit Card M3.790.80) 
Shipping Method: 
11011111111.13: 
Shipping Details 
Brice Gordon 
LSJE.LLC 
6100 Red Heck Otrs 
Suite 53 
St Thomas, 00802 
Virgin I 
Phone:
Email: 
• 
Order Date: 
'Order Items 
1st Nov 2018 
Free shipping 
Qty CodetSKU Product Name 
AL10S- 
AL10S-JUP4113 Soilage AL Series - 
JUP-813 
JupkerStyle Lodk valt Passage Latch 
Function In CM Rubbed Bronze 
Buster 
vahr 
Prise 
$128.35 USD 
Total 
$3.790.80 USD 
; 
. 
SubtMel: 
13,750.80 USD 
SlYPPMS 
80.00 USD 5. 
Grand Total: 
83,790.80 USD 1
re lily I be lotormatioo 
correct, to the 
The ford 
subject to duty id tl 
loft 
. 
tax 
is true sod 
ledge. 
not 
Ater 
CO 
1112/2018.9:32 
EFTA00809828
--- PAGE 7 ---
)18 
09:49:10 
COURIER NAME 
OPERATIONS SYSTEMS 
UPS DC FREIGHT REPORT 
INBOUND 
'SHIPPER 
IMPORTER/CONSIGNEE 
LOCK DISTRIBUTORS INC 
LSJE.LLC 
S 
BRICE GORDON 
CUTE) STREET 
6100 RED HOO 
SUITE B3 
OS 
18008475625 
160405090647 
GE DESCRIPTION 
JRCHRGE (1MPT) 
3HT INS: 
ST THOMAS 
00802 
VI 
TEL 
CUSTOMS 
CERT 
ENTRY NR 
ORIG ()NTS CODE 
NERCHANDISE DESCRIPTION 
FIIE RPT05094909.rpt 
PAGE 
VALUE 
US 
PCS Al. SER PASSAGE LATCH JIM 613 
3,790.00 
(USD) 
CON/LIE: /sla 
•• CTRY UL7 DEST: VI •• 
•• SHIPPER EXPORT DECLARATION 
•• CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN - 11 
116 
REFERENCE NUM 2: 
7694554-0001/005447 
IS PARCEL NO. 
24.0 VHS 
SURCHARGE CODE 
545 
2.70 
USD 
TOTAL SURCHARGES 
WEIGHT INDICATOR : 
A 
•• FREIGHT COLLECT •• 
ULD 
AMOUNT 
BILL TO INDICATOR 
28.21 
28.21 
USD 
TOTAL SHIPMENT FREIGHT CHARGE: 
USD 
• • 
TOTAL 
VALUE 
3,790.80 (USD) 
•••• DIFF ••e 
0.80 
EFTA00809829
--- PAGE 8 ---
Packag•ID: 121039760405090847 ShIpment113: 10397647Z4H 
Lock Depot Inc • Print invoice for order E6980 
LOCKDEPOr 
• 
• Lock Depot Inc Invoice for Order #18980 
Lock Depot, Inc 
cl 4095 S State Road 7, L.128 
Wellington, FL 33448 
Billing Details 
Shipping Details 
Bike Gordon 
Brice Gordon 
t LSJE.LLC 
LSJE.LLC 
576 Lexington Ave 
6100 Red Hook Otis 
, New York. New York 10022 
State 03 
United States 
St Thomas. 00802 
Virgin 
Email:
Phone 
Email: 
Order: 
016980 
Order Date: 
1st Nov 2018 
Payment Method: 
Credit Card (53,793 80) 
Shipping Method: 
Free sebein9 
Order Items 
0ty Codet0KU Product Name 
Price 
Total
Al-10S- 
ALI DS-JUP413 Schleps AL Series - 
$126.38 JSD 
53,790 80 USD 
JUP-813 
Jupiter Style Lock with Passage Latch 
Function In Oil Rubbed Bronze 
flackset 
2-3/4-
Subtotal: 
43,790.80 USD 
SG: 
$0 00 USD 
Grand Total: 
53,790.80 USD 
huPsfiwww.lock-
.. 
183 878 04 IMO 0847 
11111INIEN 
certify the information 
con-en, to the 
The foreign 
subject to duty in the 
ri 
loft 
this i *fee is tree and 
owledge. 
are not 
and/or Pe 
• 
11/2/2018, 9:32 A 
EFTA00809830
--- PAGE 9 ---
01H 
09:49:10 
l6 
COURI ER NAME 
OPEKATIONS SYSTEMS 
UPS DC ERFACHT REPORT 
TWROUND 
FILE RPT05099909.mt 
PAGE 
CUSTOMS 
CTRY 
TOTAL 
,SRIPPER 
IMPORTER/CONSIGNEP 
EarRY NR 
URIG 
ORTS CODE 
MERCHANDISC DESCRIPTION 
VALUE 
VALUE 
LOCK DISTRTBUTORS INC 
LSJE.LLC 
S 
RRICR (VDRDON 
US 
PCS AL SER PASSAGE LATCH JUP 613 
3,790 00 
(USD) 
IOUTH STREET 
6100 RED HOCK 
SUITE R3 
CHARLOTTE AMALIE 
)90 
US 
10000475625 
7E1. U M. 
160405090656 
REFERENCE NIA4 2: 
)694554-0001/005447 
IS PARCEL NO. 
24.0 LBS 
COM/LIC /NLR 
ee 
CTRY ULT DEST: VI ** 
ULD 
"I* 
SNIPPER EXPORT DECLARATION 
** CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN - 11 
** 
NO. 
e* 
▪ FREIGHT COLLECT ** 
GE DESCRIPTION 
SURCRARGE CODE 
AMCADM 
BILL TO INDICATOR 
ORCHRGE (IMPTI 
545 
27.32 
C 
GHT INS: 
2.70 
USD 
TOTAL SURCHARGES 
27.32 
USD 
TOTAL SHIPHENT FREICHT CHARGE: 
WEICHT INDICATOR 
A 
• • 
3,790.00 (USD/ 
**** DIFF *** 
0.80 
236.;;\ \ 
000 
EFTA00809831
--- PAGE 10 ---
PackagelD:1Z1030760406090666 ShipmentID: 10397647Z4J 
• 
Look Depot Inc ; Print invoice for order NI6980 
. . 
noire. 
LOCKDEPOTe . 
Lock Depot Inc Invoice for Order #16980 
Lock Depot. the 
4096 S State Road 7, L•125 
Wellington, FL 33449 
• 
! Billing Details 
Shipping Details 
i Britt Gordon 
Brice Gordon 
; LSJE.LLC 
LSJE LLC 
575 Lexington Ave 
8100 Red Hook Otis 
New York. New York 10022 
Suite 83 
.: United 
St Thomas, 00802 
Phone 
Virgin 'sands t1 S. 
i Erne: 
Phone 
Email: 
Order: 
Payment Method: 
016980 
Credit Card (33.790,80) 
Order Date: 
Shipping Method: 
Order Items 
Qty CodiorSKU Product Name 
ALIOS- 
ALIOS-JUP-813 Schlage AL Sena • 
JUP.613 
Jupiter Style Lock W4h Passage Latch 
Function in Olt Rubbed Bronze 
Beckett 
2-3/4" 
. . 
7DJ 
Nov 2318 
Free shipping 
Price 
Total 
3126 .36 USD 
$3,790.80 USD , 
certify the ialormatioe oo tan in 
correct, to the hest:army 
ow 
The foreign udder titre sot 
subject to duty to the United S 
tad/ 
I oft 
Subtotal: 
Shipping! 
Grind Total: 
S3,790 80 USD 
.00 USD 
33,790.80 USD • 
• I I/2/20 It 9:12 ft
EFTA00809832

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809833.pdf
----------------------------------------
United States Department of State 
Washington,.. 20520 
FEB 2 2 2019 
Jeffrey Edward Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
The Department of State has revoked U.S. Passport book number 545368864, U.S. Passport 
book number 547017616, and U.S. Passport card number C13441578, issued to you on May 23, 
2016, May 31, 2016, and October 11, 2016, respectively, along with any other valid passports 
issued to you that do not contain the required passport endorsement described below, pursuant to 
C.F.R. §§ 51.60(aX4) and 51.62(a)(1). These regulations provide that a U.S. passport may be 
revoked when the bearer is a covered sex offender as defined in 22 U.S.C. § 212b(c)(1), unless 
the passport, no matter the type, contains the unique identifier placed by the Department as 
required by 22 U.S.C. § 212b. The regulations cited in this letter may be found online at 
http://www.ecfr.gov.
The Department of Homeland Security, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Homeland 
Security Investigations, Angel Watch Center (DHS/ICEIHSI/AWC) certified to the Department 
of State that you are a covered sex offender in accordance with 22 U.S.C. § 212b. Therefore, 
you are not entitled to a U.S. passport that does not contain the passport endorsement required 
pursuant to that section and your passport books and passport card are revoked. 
Under 22 C.F.R. §§ 51.7 and 51.66, the U.S. passport remains the property of the U.S. 
Government and must be surrendered upon demand. Please immediately return U.S. Passport 
book number 545368864, U.S. Passport book number 547017616, and U.S. Passport card 
number C13441578, along with any other valid U.S. passports issued to you that do not contain 
the required passport endorsement, to the following address: U.S. Department of State, attn.: 
RD77, CA/PPT/S/L/LA, 44132 Mercure Circle, P.O. Box 1227, Sterling, VA 20166-1227. 
There is no administrative appeal before the Department of State. The Department of State has 
no further information concerning your status as a covered sex offender as defined in 22 U.S.C. § 
212b(cX1). All questions regarding your status as a covered sex offender must be addressed 
with the Department of Homeland Security. The Department of State cannot override this 
designation. If you believe you are not subject to this law you may contact DHS/ICE/HSI/AWC 
as follows: Department of Homeland Security, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Angel 
Watch Center dhsintermeganslaw@ice.dhs.gov.
You may apply for a U.S. passport book containing the required endorsement by properly 
executing a new application, presenting the appropriate identity and citizenship documents, and 
paying all required fees. The endorsement reads: 
EFTA00809833

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809834.pdf
----------------------------------------
PatellaSJAWAIMMCONNialfraareallik9alliflaUSSIWWW' 
/AIM 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
An international award-winning school 
Internationally-accredited training courses 
for career development 
LPK License No.: SER.563/3237/Disosnaker 
Accredited A from Lembaga Akreditasi Pelatihan Kerja 
Course times: 
Monday to Friday 9am - 4pm 
Workshop and one day courses available on the weekend 
Jamu courses include: 
Training manual and equipment, uniform, 
lunch, water, coffee/tea and certification. 
CIBTAC courses include: 
Training manuals and equipment, 
CIBTAC trial examination, uniform, 
daily lunch, water, coffee/tea and 
CIBTAC certificate dan Jamu Spa School certificate 
Te: 
Start CIBTAC class: January dan July 
Exam CIBTAC shedule: April dan November 
,
a 
Jamu 
School 
Contact Details: 
Jalan Raya Siligita I/1, Nusa Dua, 
Ball - Indonesia 
www.jamuspaschoolcom 
All price are in US Dollars and subject to change 
J
a 
amu 
Spo School 
JAMU COURSES 
An international award-winning school, Jamu offers a quality 
education in authentic Balinese treatments, internationally-
accredited training courses and career development 
JAMU WORKSHOPS 
Length Courses 
hour Balinese Therapeutic Oil Blending 
hour Jamu Herbal Tonic Making 
Level 
all levels 
all levels 
in USS 
575 
575 
ONE DAY COURSES 
day Introduction to Balinese Massage 
day Javanese Lulur Body Scrub 
day Boreh Body Wrap Treatment 
day Kerokan Treatment 
day Baby Massage 
all levels 
$200 
all levels 
5200 
all levels 
$200 
all levels 
$200 
all levels 
$200 
TRADITIONAL MASSAGE COURSES 
days Basic Balinese Massage 
days Advanced Balinese Massage 
days Herbal Compress Massage 
days Body Scrubs and Wraps 
all levels 
$545 
experienced $600 
all levels 
$545 
all levels 
$545 
JAMU BEAUTYTREATMENT COURSES 
days Natural Facial Treatment 
days Traditional Hair Creambath 
days Body Hair Removal (Waxing) 
days Basic Manicure and Pedicure 
all levels 
5545 
all levels 
$545 
&levels 
$545 
all levels 
$545 
JAMU HEALTH & WELLNESS TREATMENT COURSES 
day 
days 
days 
days 
days 
Ratus Treatment 
Slimming Massage 
Lymphatic Drainage Massage 
Intro Deep Tissue Massage 
Slimming & Gyratory Massage 
all levels
$200 
experienced $540 50
experienced $545 
experienced $545 
experienced $650 
rawragaramaiwannweararrarnea.geawswanams 
EFTA00809834
--- PAGE 2 ---
rafarlISWIP. 
:11NROWSZIAMareallitUallifirf
aIN 
JAMU MATERNITY TREATMENT COURSES 
days 
days 
S days 
Bust Treatment 
Pre Natal/Pregnancy Massage 
Post Natal/Javanese Selendang 
all levels 
$ 31)0 
experienced $545 
experienced $600 
INTERNATIONAL TREATMENT COURSES 
day 
days 
days 
days 
days 
days 
days 
days 
days 
Indian Head Massage 
Thai Massage 
Reflexology Foot Massage 
Swedish Massage 
Warm Stone Massage 
Stone Therapy 
Ayurvedic Abhyanga Shirodhara 
Anatomy & Physiology 
Aromatherapy Massage 
all levels 
$200 
all levels 
$495 
all levels 
$495 
all levels 
$495 
all levels 
$545 
all levels 
$545 
all levels 
$545 
all levels 
$545 
all levels 
$545 
PACKAGE COURSES 
weeks Maternity Package 
Pregnancy, Post Natal Baty, Bust Treatment 
month BalineseTreatment Package 
alllevels 
$1,750 
Balinese Massage, Body Scrub& Wraps, Creambath Facial 
month MassageTherapy Package 
all levels 
$1,750 
Aromatherapy, Warm Stone, Reflexology, Thai Massage 
month BeautyTreatment Package 
al/levels 
$1,750 
Facial Grambath Manicure &Pedicure. BodyScrub& Wraps 
months Massage & BeautyTraining Package 
all levels 
$2,750 
Balinese Massage, Body Scrub & Wraps, Creambath Facial 
Aromatherapy, Warn Stone, Reflexology, Thai Massage 
months Traditional Treatment & Maternity Care all levels 
$3,100 
Balinese Massage, Advanced Balinese Massage, Slimming Massage, 
Ayurvedic Shirodhara, &rho PockMassage. Baty frkicusge
PreNatot Post Nara( Bust Treatment 
months Spa TherapistTraining Package 
all levels 
$3,500 
Balinese Massage, Aromatherapy, Warm Stone Facial Creambath, 
Thai, Reflexology, Booty Scrub&Wrops,Anotomy& Physiabgy, 
Waxing, Mankure& Pedicure 
months Massage, Beauty & Maternity Care 
all levels 
$3,750 
Balinese Massage, Aromatherapy, Warm Stone, Facial Creambath, 
Thai, Reflexology, BodySaub& Wraps,Baby, Pre Natal, Post Natal 
Bust Treatment 
experienced $1,750 
CIBTAC COURSES 
Gain an international qualification recognised worldwide 
and highly sought after by overseas employers! 
CIBTAC AWARD COURSES 
days Level 2 Award in Waxing 
all levels 
days Level 3 Award in Body Massage 
all levels 
days Level 3 Award in Indian Head Massage all levels 
$1,206 
$1,647 
$1,300 
CIBTAC CERTIFICATES COURSES 
days Certificate in Stone Therapy 
all levels 
$1,800 
CIBTAC DIPLOMA COURSES 
days Diploma in Body Massage 
all levels 
days Diploma in Spa Therapy 
all levels 
days Diploma Spa Therapy + 
all levels 
Diploma in Anatomy and Physiology 
days Diploma in Spa & Salon Management alllevels 
$2,777 
$2,750 
$3,150 
$3,200 
CIBTAC BESPOKE QUALIFICATION 
days Diploma in Anatomy & Physiology 
all levels 
$1,294 
days Diploma in Teaching & Assessment` 
all levels 
$2,800 
*Students should have an international qualification in beauty/spa/sport therapy/ 
anatomy& physiology + 2 years of work experience in spa industry. 
CIBTAC ENDORSED 
days Basic Balinese Massage 
all levels 
$645 
days Advanced Balinese Massage 
experienced $700 
days Body Scrubs and Wraps 
all levels 
$645 
days Natural Facial Treatment 
all levels 
$645 
days Traditional Hair Creambath 
all levels 
$645 
days Pregnancy Massage 
experienced $645 
days Javanese Selendang Treatment 
experienced $700 
days Bust Treatment 
all kvels 
$450 
days Baby Massage 
all levels 
$275 
weeks Maternity Package 
experienced $1,850 
Pregnancy Post Natal, Bust, Baby Massage 
weeks Balinese Treatments Package 
all levels 
$2,600 
Bask & Advanced Balinese Massage, Facial, Body Scrub, Creombath 
rawagarsimaranwearentairitessAawawarawaren 
EFTA00809835

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809836.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 3535 
TITLE 26-INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
17621 
end "(and such corporation shall be treated as an S cor-
poration for such taxable year for purposes of para-
graph 13))". 
Subset. (d)(3)(A). Pub. L. 100-697. 
2004(e)(19)(3). 
struck out "or incurred" after "amounts paid". 
Subset. (d)(4). Pub. L. 100-697. *200410191. inserted at 
end ..Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this 
paragraph. for taxable years beginning after 1987. the 
applicable percentage for any partnership or S corpora-
tion shall be 100 percent if more than 50 percent of such 
entity's net income for the short taxable year which 
would have resulted it the entity had not made an elec-
tion under section 444 would have been allocated to 
partners or shareholders who would not have been enti-
tled to the benefits of section 806(e012)1C) of the Tax Re-
form Act of 1986 with respect to such income." 
Subset. (d)(5). Pub. L. 100-647. +200109181. added par. 
(5). 
Subset. (GO). Pub. L. 100-647. 32004(6)(4KB). added 
par. (9). 
Subset. (g). Pub. L. 100-697. §2004(e)(6). substituted 
including regulations providing for appropriate ad-
justments in the application of this section and sec-
tions 280H and 444 in cases where—
"11)2 or more applicable election years begin in the 
same calendar year. or 
"(2) the base year is a taxable year of less than 12 
months" for 
including regulations for annualizing 
the income and applicable payments of an entity if 
the base year is a taxable year of leas than 12 
months". 
EFFECTIVE DATE OP 1997 AMTLNDMENT 
Amendment by Pub. I.,. 105-24 applicable to taxable 
years beginning after Aug. 5. 1997. see section 1281(e) of 
Pub. L. 105-24. set out as a note under section 6652 of 
this title. 
EFFECTIVE DATE OP 1989 AMENDMENT 
Amendment by section 7721(c)(12) of Pub. L. 101-239 
applicable to returns the due date for which (deter-
mined without regard to extensions) is after Dec. 21. 
1989. see section 7721(d) of Pub. L. 101-239. set out as a 
note under section 461 of this title. 
Section 7821th) of Pub. L. 101-239 provided that the 
amendment made by that section is effective with re-
spect to taxable years beginning after 1988. 
EFFECTIVE DATE OP 1988 AMENDMENT 
Amendment by Pub. L. 100-647 effective, except as 
otherwise provided, as it included in the provisions of 
the Revenue Act of 1987. Pub. L. 100-202. title X. to 
which such amendment relates, see section 20041u) of 
Pub. L. 100-647. set out as a note under section 56 of 
this title. 
EFFECTivE DATE 
Section applicable to applicable election years begin-
ning after Dec. 31. 1986. see section 10206(0(2) of Pub. L. 
100-203. set out as a note under section 444 of this title. 
*7520. Valuation tables 
(a) General rule 
For purposes of this title, the value of any an-
nuity, any interest for life or a term of years. or 
any remainder or reversionary interest shall be 
determined—
(1) under tables prescribed by the Secretary. 
and 
(2) by using an interest rate (rounded to the 
nearest 2/10ths of 1 percent) equal to 120 per-
cent of the Federal midterm rate in effect 
under section 1274(d)(1) for the month in which 
the valuation date falls. 
If an income, estate, or gift tax charitable con-
tribution is allowable for any part of the prop-
erty transferred, the taxpayer may elect to use 
such Federal midterm rate for either of the 2 
months preceding the month in which the valu-
ation date falls for purposes of paragraph (2). In 
the case of transfers of more than 1 interest in 
the same property with respect to which the 
taxpayer may use the same rate under para-
graph (2). the taxpayer shall use the same rate 
with respect to each such interest. 
(b) Section not to apply for certain purposes 
This section shall not apply for purposes of 
part I of subchapter D of chapter 1 or any other 
provision specified in regulations. 
(c) Tables 
(1) In general 
The tables prescribed by the Secretary for 
purposes of subsection (a) shall contain valu-
ation factors for a series of interest rate cat-
egories. 
(2) Initial table 
Not later than the day 3 months after the 
date of the enactment of this section. the Sec-
retary shall prescribe initial tables for pur-
poses of subsection (a). Such tables may be 
based on the same mortality experience as 
used for purposes of section 2031 on the date of 
the enactment of this section. 
(3) Revision for recent mortality charges 
Not later than December 31, 1989. the Sec-
rotary shall revise the initial tables prescribed 
for purposes of subsection (a) to take into ac-
count the most recent mortality experience 
available as of the time of such revision. Such 
tables shall be revised not less frequently than 
once each 10 years thereafter to take into ac-
count the most recent mortality experience 
available as of the time of the revision. 
(d) Valuation date 
For purposes of this section, the term "valu-
ation date" means the date as of which the valu-
ation is made. 
(e) Tables to include formulas 
For purposes of this section, the term - tables" 
includes formulas. 
(Added Pub. L. 100-647. title V. §6031(a). Nov. 10, 
1988. 102 Stat. 3668.) 
REFERENCES IN TEXT 
The date of the enactment of this section. referred to 
in subset. (c)(2). is the date of enactment of Pub. L. 
100-647. which was approved Nov. 10. 1988. 
CODIFICATION 
Another section 7520 was renumbered section 7521 of 
this title. 
EFFECTIVE DATE 
Section 5031(c) of Pub. L. 100-647 provided that: —The 
amendments made by this section (enacting this sec-
tion) shall apply in cases where the date as of which 
the valuation is to be made occurs on or after the 1st 
day of the 6th calendar month beginning after the date 
of the enactment of this Act (Nov. 10. 1988).-
f 7521. Procedures involving taxpayer interviews 
(a) Recording of interviews 
(1) Recording by taxpayer 
Any officer or employee of the Internal Rev-
enue Service in connection with any In-person 
EFTA00809836
--- PAGE 2 ---
17522 
TITLE 26-INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
Page 3536 
interview with any taxpayer relating to the 
determination or collection of any tax shall, 
upon advance request of such taxpayer, allow 
the taxpayer to make an audio recording of 
such interview at the taxpayer's own expense 
and with the taxpayer's own equipment. 
(2) Recording by IRS officer or employee 
An officer or employee of the Internal Reve-
nue Service may record any interview de-
scribed in paragraph (1) if such officer or em-
ployee—
(A) informs the taxpayer of such recording 
prior to the interview, and 
(B) upon request of the taxpayer, provides 
the taxpayer with a transcript or copy of 
such recording but only if the taxpayer pro-
vides reimbursement for the cost of the 
transcription and reproduction of such tran-
script or copy. 
(b) Safeguards 
(1) Explanations of processes 
An officer or employee of the Internal Reve-
nue Service shall before or at an initial inter-
view provide to the taxpayer—
(A) in the case of an in-person interview 
with the taxpayer relating to the determina-
tion of any tax, an explanation of the audit 
process and the taxpayer's rights under such 
process, or 
(B) in the case of an in-person interview 
with the taxpayer relating to the collection 
of any tax, an explanation of the collection 
process and the taxpayer's rights under such 
process. 
(2) Right of consultation 
If the taxpayer clearly states to an officer or 
employee of the Internal Revenue Service at 
any time during any interview (other than an 
interview initiated by an administrative sum-
mons issued under subchapter A of chapter 78) 
that the taxpayer wishes to consult with an 
attorney, certified public accountant, enrolled 
agent, enrolled actuary, or any other person 
permitted to represent the taxpayer before the 
Internal Revenue Service, such officer or em-
ployee shall suspend such interview regardless 
of whether the taxpayer may have answered 
one or more questions. 
(c) Representatives holding power of attorney 
Any attorney, certified public accountant, en-
rolled agent, enrolled actuary, or any other per-
son permitted to represent the taxpayer before 
the Internal Revenue Service who is not dis-
barred or suspended from practice before the In-
ternal Revenue Service and who has a written 
power of attorney executed by the taxpayer may 
be authorized by such taxpayer to represent the 
taxpayer in any interview described in sub-
section (a). An officer or employee of the Inter-
nal Revenue Service may not require a taxpayer 
to accompany the representative in the absence 
of an administrative summons issued to the tax-
payer under subchapter A of chapter 78. Such an 
officer or employee, with the consent of the im-
mediate supervisor of such officer or employee, 
may notify the taxpayer directly that such offi-
cer or employee believes such representative is 
responsible for unreasonable delay or hindrance 
of an Internal Revenue Service examination or 
investigation of the taxpayer. 
(d) Section not to apply to certain investigations 
This section shall not apply to criminal inves-
tigations or investigations relating to the integ-
rity of any officer or employee of the Internal 
Revenue Service. 
(Added Pub. L. 100-647. title VI. 16228(a), Nov. 10, 
1988. 102 Stat. 3731, 17620; renumbered §7521. Pub. 
L. 101-239. title VII. 17816(1)(1), Dec. 19. 1989, 103 
Stat. 2423.) 
CODIFICATION 
Another section 7621 was renumbered section 7522 of 
this title. 
EFFECTIVE DATE 
Section 622i3(d) of Pub. L. 100-647 provided that: —The 
amendments made by subsections (a) and to) (enacting 
this section] shall apply to interviews conducted on or 
after the date which is 90 days after the date of the en-
actment of this Act (Nov. 10. 1988]." 
*7522. Content of tax due, deficiency, and other 
notices 
(a) General rule 
Any notice to which this section applies shall 
describe the basis for, and identify the amounts 
(if any) of. the tax due, interest, additional 
amounts, additions to the tax, and assessable 
penalties included in such notice. An inadequate 
description under the preceding sentence shall 
not invalidate such notice. 
(b) Notices to which section applies 
This section shall apply to—
(1) any tax due notice or deficiency notice 
described in section 6155. 6212, or 6303. 
(2) any notice generated out of any informa-
tion return matching program, and 
(3) the 1st letter of proposed deficiency 
which allows the taxpayer an opportunity for 
administrative review in the Internal Revenue 
Service Office of Appeals. 
(Added Pub. L. 100-647. title VI. 16233(a). Nov. 10, 
1988. 102 Stat. 3735. 17621; renumbered §7522. Pub. 
L. 101-608, title XI, §11704(a)(30). Nov. 6. 1990. 104 
Stat. 1398419J 
EFFECTM1 DATE 
Section 6233(c) of Pub. L. 100.647 provided that: •-The 
amendments made by this section (enacting this sec-
tion] shall apply to mailings made on or after January 
1. 1900." 
/7523. Graphic presentation of major categories 
of Federal outlays and income 
(a) General rule 
In the case of any booklet of instructions for 
Form 1040. 1040A. or 1040EZ prepared by the Sec-
retary for filing individual income tax returns 
for taxable years beginning in any calendar 
year. the Secretary shall include in a prominent 
place—
(1) a pie-shaped graph showing the relative 
sizes of the major outlay categories, and 
(2) a pie-shaped graph showing the relative 
sizes of the major income categories. 
(b) Definitions and special rules 
For purposes of subsection (a)—
EFTA00809837

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809838.pdf
----------------------------------------
VI 
STACK
• 
United States Virgin Islands Runoff Election Poll Results 
Conducted: November 13 -15, 2018 
Number of Respondents: 600 
MoE: ±3.99% 
Q. Are you registered to vote? 
Yes 
100% 
Q. There will be a runoff election in the United States Virgin Islands on November 20th. Most 
folks are very busy, and not always able to vote, often for very valid reasons. Thinking ahead, 
how likely are you to vote in the runoff election? 
Certain 
85% 
Likely 
10% 
50/50 chance 
5% 
Total 
100% 
Q. If the runoff election for Governor of the United States Virgin Islands were held today, would 
you support Kenneth E. Mapp or Albert Bryan? 
Albert Bryan 
48% 
Kenneth E. Mapp 
39% 
Undecided 
13% 
Total 
100% 
EFTA00809838
--- PAGE 2 ---
Q. What is your opinion of Kenneth E. Mapp? 
Very Favorable 
25% 
Somewhat Favorable 
21% 
Somewhat Unfavorable 
17% 
Very Unfavorable 
24% 
No Opinion 
13% 
Total 
100% 
Q. What is your opinion of Albert Bryan? 
Very Favorable 
29% 
Somewhat Favorable 
25% 
Somewhat Unfavorable 
13% 
Very Unfavorable 
13% 
No Opinion 
21% 
Total 
100% 
Q. Who did you vote for in the November 6th General Election for Governor of the United 
States Virgin Islands? 
Albert Bryan 
38% 
Kenneth E. Mapp 
34% 
Adlah "Foncie" Donastorg 
16% 
Warren Mosier 
5% 
Soraya Diase Coffelt 
5% 
Moleto A. Smith 
2% 
Janette Millin Young 
1% 
Total 
100% 
EFTA00809839
--- PAGE 3 ---
Demographics 
Party 
Republican Party 
5% 
Democratic Party 
59% 
Independent Citizens Movement 
5% 
No party or independent 
24% 
Not sure 
7% 
Total 
100% 
Gender 
Male 
48% 
Female 
52% 
Total 
100% 
Age 
18-34 
14% 
35-49 
33% 
50-64 
34% 
and over 
18% 
Can't say 
1% 
Total 
100% 
Interview Mode 
ONLINE 
69% 
LIVE & IVR 
31% 
Total 
100% 
Region 
St Croix 
51% 
St Thomas & St John 
49% 
Total 
100% 
EFTA00809840

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809841.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS 
AM
Y AIRKENTICITY SOB CD SP E AIME CH 
OR Wilt DISAPPEAR. THEN REAPPEAR 
I‘Y MSI 
NTERIORS 
3814 CROWN BAY 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THO 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE 
FA 
PHO 
FA 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
B3 
MISCELLANEOUS 
VI 00802 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
SUB: 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
Shipment 0: 1 
INV4ICE8 i mvOtEDATE 
ACCOUNT/ 
CUSTOMER P.0.9 
ORDERS 
ORDER DATE 
!NEON 
20111
NET 10TH FOLLOWIN 
40433024 
I
09/26/17 
KEN 
391186 
09/26/17 
ORDERED 
810 [swim 
°Esc:NI:mom 
r 
PRICE 
I 
AMOUNT 
200 
120 
tl,00 
a 
,EgO 
V 
c4i;0 
84c. 
VVV
x, 
SH 
S 
SH 
SH 
SHY 
SH 
SH 
2X6X20 Ill PRIME S4S 128PCS SOL 
TRD 0.05 AG UCA-C 
2X6X2OT 
NOT RECOMMENDED FOR DECKING USE 
2X8X20 81 PRIME S4S 96PCS/BDL fi0Sal
d t h
TRD 0.05 AG UCA-C 
2X8X2OT 
3X6X 
6 BTR S4S 64PCS/BDL 
0.14 GC UCA-C 
16T 
A A GALVALUME 34°3°4' 26GA 
G 
RE GALVALUME 34"X14' 26GA 
ALUME ROOF 26GA 34"X18' 
GAR 
A 
GALVALUME 34"X20' 26GA 
OG 
GR 
GALVALUME 34"X20' 26GA 
GARG 
E GALVALUME 34"X12' 26GA 
GARW 
WHITE GALVALUME 340/(14' 26GA 
14GARW 
30.790 
38.190 
40.890 
83.790 
83.790 
83.370 
119.700 
119.700 
71.820 
83.790 
6158.00 
4582.80 
1226.70 
3435.39 
670.32 
4168.50 
4309.20 
5985.00 
718.20 
2010.96 
' 
September 26, 2017 15:14:2 OT:KDM 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
33265.07 
S 
• 
INVOICE 
• 
10 
VESTER 
AL 
wiry... 
I 
• 
OTHER 
0.00 
PAGE 1 OF 1 
°.,:t NI — trtv:.:":7•'''' " r "":= 
0.00 
FREIGHT 
0.00 
33265.07 I
TOTAL
AtAci
am en«?«.:ITING i'llig ,...r.,:ten t:d*r.T.1...tr: ..1,°: m Irsr 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00809841
--- PAGE 2 ---
AN
F., euitiCrITIC 
ere OQ DREAM( C., DAR. COCOA
DISAPPEAR 1HEM REAPPEAR 
I‘S
F M S 
!INTERIORS 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHON 
FAX 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS B3 
CHARLOTTE AMA, V/ 00802 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
P 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
SUB: 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
III 
---- 
Shipment it: 1 
IACC 
Om 
TERMS 
ORDER if I 
ORDER DATE 
SLSMN INVOICE!? NVONEDATE 
201 
NET.10TA FOLLOWIN 
40432882 09/26/17 
KDM 
391050 
09/26/17 
ORDERED 
610 
SHIPPED U/M 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
100 
2X6X20 NI PRIME S4S 128PCS/BOL 
30.790 
3079.00 
1,40,0 EA 
TRD 0.05 AG UCA-C 
2X6X T 
NOT ECOMMENDED FOR DECKING USE 
2X 20 #1 PRIME S4S 96PCS/BDL 
38.190 
2291.40 
SO 
SH 
T 
0.05 AG UCA-C 
X8X2OT 
1/2. 4X8 MOLD TOUGH SHEETROCK 
14.930 
746.50 
5k 
LBS MSF S1.2LBS/SHT 
2SK 
R 
SCREWS V468 15/8" 
29.320 
58.64 
CA 
P S PER 5LB BOX 
/ KW5 
R . JOINT COMPOUND 5 GALLON 
21.850 
87.40 
BX 
S 
k10X -1/2" SS LOBE DRIVE DECK BUGLE HEAD 
193.180 
386.36 
BX 
SCR 
1000 PCS / BUCKET TORX 
NOT FOR 
/ SSTX25 
k1 3"SS LOBE DRIVE DECK SCREW BUGLE HEAD 
193.490 
386.98 
SH 
00/B TORX 
NOT FOR TREX 
SST 5 
E GALVALUME 34"X12' 260A 
71.820 
3088.26 
EA' 
GAR 
WHI 
GALVALUME RIDGE CAP 10' 
43.470 
521.64 
EA 
C CIAN STYLE
10W 
AQUA GALVALUME RIDGE CAP 10' 
43.470 
347.76 
L-A."61..--
CRUCIAN STYLE 
RC1OA 
r —
)( 
T
e 5
/
September 26, 2017 09:39:5 OT:KOM 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
• 
INVOICE 
• 
10 
SYLVESTER GIALLARD 
SNIP VIA 
OTHER 
PAGE 1 OF 2 
I 
FREIGHT 
Oa,i 
es
 oft ,NNµ oi (Koss • is 
•wamwmpareowtHmummmour44foove.v. 
:wen eilet applied loss 
mowma.nwmm 
mmhowanAls 
p.10, noravet No /14.ss c. neleros wawa,' way' 
TOTAL 
•••••• NO men ...Khoo 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00809842
--- PAGE 3 ---
M
YALJNISTC,rfAiwG 
M S I 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. TH 
PHON 
FAX 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS 81 
, VI 00802 
0. BREATHE pi BAR. COLOR WILL OLSARREAR Tie REAPPEAR 
"INTERIORS 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHO 
w 
FA 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
• VI 00802 
SUB: 
I IIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIII 
Shipment it: 1 
ACCOUNf• 
cusromenilis 
TERMS 
ORDER f. 
ORDER DATE 
stsmN INVOICE s ',macaws 
31111 
NET 10TH FOLLOWIN 
40432882 09/26/17 
KDM 
391050 
09/26/17 
ORDERED 
OW 
IP.. UIM 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
100 
iii.0 100 LB HEX HEAD WOODSCREW #14 3 1/2" 
25FCS/L8 40L8/BX OF 1000 
31/2HWS14 
10.990 
1099.00 
September 26, 2017 09:39:5 OT:XDM 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
12092.94 
• 
INVOICE 
SYq.TEST 
X 
* 
10 
story.* 
OTHER 
0.00 
PAGE 2 OF 2 
ov...oty mi cis MS a return, MUSI w Med• wilton )5 
er 0 soc.o.s. NO towns or ischeryas *knout eiPOIRR 
0.00 
FREIGHT 
0.00 
TOTAL 
12092.94 
REAOIRY 
UGRIC' °mem RR 
Oen anti lc 
ol S00Y. A 101E in 
voll NOT be Mewed ',INS. Mode 4.) The in,e or 
it. sooRed 
,..d 
..00...i 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00809843
--- PAGE 4 ---
KN
IFE NETNENTICilli Bla300 BREATHE CoN BAR. Cot GA vnu DISAPPEAR THEN REAPPEAR 
kcAdriSI 
'INTERIORS 
3814 CROWN BAY 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ISMS 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED ROCK QTRS 83 
A, VI 00802 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
• 
VI 00802 
SUB: 
, 1 
I NMI
' MIIIIIIIIIIIIIN 
Shipment It: 1 
ACCOUNT I 
CUSTOWERP.O..8 
TERMS 
ORDER0 
ORDER DATE 
SLSMN INVOMEF [WVOICEDATE 
20111 
NE 10TH FOLLOWIN 
404329011 09/26/17 
KDM 
391083 
09/26/17 
ORDERED 
SHIP 
WM 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
IS 
1071.74 
I 
• 
0.00 
D 
915 
071./4 
SH 
SR' 
SH 
BF 
VALUME 34'X18 26GA 
8G R 
A 
ALVALDME 301"X18 1 26GA 
UA CAINALUM8 34°7(12' 26GA 
12GARA 
HEX HEAD WOODSCREW 014 3 1/2" 
25PCS/LB 40LB/BX OF 1000 
31/2HWS14 
3X8X16 81 & BTR $45 60PCSAIDL 
TRD 0.14 GC UCA-C 
3X8X16T 
2" MAHOGANY - DRESSED 
SAPELE / AFRICAN MAHOGANY 
2BM 
Pe 2 X 17-3/4 X 14 
107.730 
107.730 
71.820 
10.990 
54.490 
7.590 
2908.71 
1615.95 
1292.76 
549.50 
817.35 
8134.51 
..-4....2 X 13-1/2 X 14 
PC 2 X 13-3/8 X 14 
Ii
iifif i t 
kA
C 
X 13-1/4 X 14 
61,20" 
PC 2 X 11-1/4 X 14 
rj,C t
..1...2C, 
....,LIZ;
.1 
a
cgo, 2 X 15-5/8 X 14 
X 22 X 14 
X 12-1/4 X 14 
X 12-1/8 X 14 
PC+ 2 X 16 X 14 
I PG 2 X 14-1/4 X 15 
&I lt2it 
_..1 PC % 2 X 17-1/4 X I 
4AL2 
X 12 X 15 
PC 2 X 13-3/8 
I 
PC 
X 14 X 15 
September 26, 2017 10:55:5 OT:EDH 
. 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
EAU Vu 
OTHER 
• 
INVOICE 
• 
10 
PAGE I OF 2 
FREIGHT 
TOTAL 
RAMS 
SEGNONEI Owns foe troan 
NOT OA AllOwall Erten %Mono ono 61 altlowv A-1‘10.%• to too.% mon be %SOO swim is 
days Me Won Ed goods_ A15% rettaIng No Atto44.3 Id .01 %hal NO %Iwo without ptioi A01/,C•0 NO ithaffil 08 0W1/1,01. MIAOW 800001 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00809844
--- PAGE 5 ---
40: 
Y 
TAE TiCinhate OR EAEALsE OM ISAR COLOR WILL DISAPPEAR. Del REAPPEAR 
Acyn1S1 
!INTERIORS 
sins
3814 CROWN BAY 
•
3814 CROWN BAY 
SOLO TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS 83 
CHARLOTTE AMA. VI 00802 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
, VI 00802 
SUB: 
IINDIIIIIIIIIIIillilli 
Shipment 0: 1 
ACCOUNT 0 
CUSTOMER 
TERMS 
ORDER I 
ORDER DATE 
SUSMN INVOICE r I MANCE CAT! 
2Uri 1 
NET 10TH FOLLOWIN 1 40432901 09/26/17 
KIM 
391083 
09/26/17 
OROERED 
SHIPPED UIM 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
PC 2 X 17-1/2 X 15 
I PC 2 X 16-1/4 X 15 
PC 2 X 17 X 15 
I PC 2 X 17-1/2 X 15 
PC 2 X 15 X 15 
PC 2 X 15-3/8 X 15 
PC 2 X 13-1/4 X 14 
PC 2 X 11-5/8 X 14 
PC 2 X 12-3/4 X 14 
PC 2 X 11-1/4 X 14 
PC 2 X 13-3/4 X 15 
PC 2 X 16-1/4 X 15 
I PC 2 X 12-5/8 X 15 
PC 2 X 18-5/8 X 15 
PC 2 X 15 X 15 
PC 
September 26, 2017 10:55:5 OT:XEM 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
15318.78 
IMP vu 
OTHER 
0.00 
• 
INVOICE 
• 
0.00 
10 
PAGE 2 OF 2 
S VESTER 
LARD 
FREIGHT 
0.00 
---- -- - - 
I ion° St 
AE Sienna: cis./or 
rtes win not be *moan onion soda at PS area awry. 
Ax Sam or lisholis tryst b• woe +/owl IS 
TOTAL 
15318.78 
MAS 4/1r ,nn. 
of Seeds A 15%1 aNlcwrip it. Stage a all , pons NO /mem *hat 
0I
 0011•471•1 NO !M.A. pi • .thalims vetreA f•Cr04 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00809845
--- PAGE 6 ---
MAHOGANY PULL LIST 
Quantity Size 
INVOICE*. criat,.3 
BF Per Plece BF Total 
I 
i di( 
//7
/. X /54- 
' '7 / . 764
g2 X /37,2 x Ai- 
i .50 
/ 
paX /5 gy /r- 
,3i .a_i 
II 
, 
,z x /5Afr x /y- 
LID.'"fg-
.X 1/ j  2( /9-
A . -5 
I/ 
,p3e 
5,-1 X /V-
3, `R,
/ 
2X 21 X / 
5r. 3-3-
I 
0?Xi jel- x/ V- 
,Q1. ST 
I 
t2 Xtoq x/9- 
cp_z..zi 
i 
I 
X /6 x /- 
37.33 
. 
BF Grand 
I Pulled By: 
eir""-P 
Total 
, 34.3. 0 
EFTA00809846
--- PAGE 7 ---
MAHOGANY PULL LIST 
Quantity Size 
/ 
INVOICE t. c' /D83 
BF Per Piece .BF Total 
I 
i 1 
X /7 ifPT X /5 
,La j3 I 
I 
I 
.2x 42 x /5 
,10.00 
/ 
., x/3Axi5 
,33.44 
o2.?,, 1 x )5 
,35.0b
IX 0,2 X /5 
1/3.76
I 02X 16/v_x /5 
41-0.(,3 
i .2. XO A' /5 
4.2__Sb 
/ ; 2( )4x/5 
/.M.76
2x /6- x')6-
3/50 
Pulled By: 
• 
BF Gra 
Total 
3S.3.53 
EFTA00809847
--- PAGE 8 ---
MAHOGANY PULL LIST 
• 
Quantity 
Size 
BF Per Piece BF Taal
/ 
0?)( / 5  
x/5 .
31.44-
jcz,vig, x .14 • 
30./g- 
/ 
- xn 5/ 8 xiq 
021.13 
/ 
x i2 
x tv- 
.29. 7,5-
/ 
I x
X 4 
i /54- 
ac .P-5 
/3)st x /5" 
3--tY1 3 11.A1 
/ axm ;4, x /5 
1/0. L,3 
/ 
_. x it- 
/5-
(31.6(7
02 x )A
x/5 
46..5C. 
J d x 15x '5 
37.50 243.i.2- 
Pulled By: 
6191d°
BF Grand 
Total 
/
j
r, 
/ Li 
1-' 
n 1 i* 1 I 
EFTA00809848
--- PAGE 9 ---
WHOLESALE BUILDING PRODUCTS 
Sold To 
American Export Company 
1095 Jupiter Park Drive 
Palm Beach, Fl 33458 
LSJE, LLC - Si. I Minus 
6100 Red Hook Quarters 133 
Si. Thomas. USVI 00802 
Ship To 
INVOICE 
Date 
R171003 
10/5/2017 
LSJE, LLC 
ST THOMAS 
USVI 
Number 
Terms 
Rep 
Ship 
Via 
F.O.B. 
NET DUE 
JACK 
10/5/2017 
TROPICAL 
SOUTH FLORIDA 
Quantity 
UNITS 
Description 
Price Each 
Amount 
192 PCS 
02X04X16 02 S4$ PT 
7.25 
1,392.00 
128 PCS 
02X06X16 #2 S4S PT 
10.40 
1,331.20 
PCS 
04X04X16 #2 $4S PT 
19.80 
1,603.80 
PCS 
04X06X16 #2 S4S PT 
31.96 
767.04 
PCS 
06X06X16 #2 S4S PT 
45.80 
1,832.00 
100 PCS 
5/8" CDX PLYWOOD 4X8 PT 
24.99 
2,499.00 
100 PCS 
I/2" REG SHEETROCK 4X8 
6.99 
699.00 
PCS 
ur CEMENT BOARD 4X8 
22.50 
1,125.00 
100 PCS 
REBAR 20' 
6.25 
625.00 
BOOKING,/ 12766803 
FLATRACK# TCLU 680246-5 
LUMBER & GYPSUM MADE IN THE USA 
REBAR MADE IN TURKEY 
Total 
511974.04 
Phone # 
Fax IS 
E-mail 
Web Site 
EFTA00809849
--- PAGE 10 ---
WHOLESALE BUILDING PRODUCTS 
American Export Company 
1095 Jupiter Park Drive 
Palm Beach. Fl 33458 
Sold To 
LSJE, LLC - St. Thomas 
6100 Red I look Quarters 83 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Ship To 
INVOICE 
Inuit 
Date 
R171004 
11172.201" 
SAME 
. Number 
Terms 
Rep 
Ship 
Via 
F.O.B. 
NET DUE 
JACK 
10/12/2017 
TROPICAL 
SOUTH FLORIDA 
Quantity 
UNITS 
Description 
Price Each 
Amount 
BOX 
2"X8 316 SS #2 SQUARE DRIVE DECK SCREW 
179.00 
358.00 
BOX 
3"X I0 316 SS #2 SQUARE DRIVE DECK SCREW 
189.00 
378.00 
BOX 
4"X10316 SS #2 SQUARE DRIVE DECK SCREW 
198.00 
396.00 
EA 
25LB. BUCKET 3" CHLORINE TABS 
56.00 
168.00 
EA 
GAL SHELL T2 HD I5W-40 ENGINE OIL 
559.00 
2,236.00 
EA 
GAL SHELL TELLUS M68 HYD FLUID 
635.00 
2,540.00 
EA 
GAL SUPER 500 CLEANER DEGREASER 
305.88 
611.76 
JOB# 12766301 -3- TABS 
JOR# 12772859 - SS DECK SCREWS 
JOBri 12766153 - SHELL 
CHLORINE TABS & SHELL OIL, DEGREASER 
MADE IN THE USA 
" 
DECK SCREWS MADE IN TIAWAN "• 
Total 
$6,687.76 
Phone # 
Fax # 
E-mail 
Web Site 
EFTA00809850

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809851.pdf
----------------------------------------
Construction Proposal 
Quantum Vision Construction LLC 
8168 Crown Bay Marina 
Suite 505 PMB 260 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
January 21', 2018 
Owner: LSJE 
Project: 
Asphalt Pathways Paving Works 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SCOPE OF WORK: 
• 
Prepare and grade existing sub base 
• 
Eradicate and remove weeds and organic material from existing sub base. 
• 
Compact sub base to insure stability 
• 
Spread and compact 3 inches of owner-supplied aggregate base material 
• 
Apply Tack Coat prior to asphalt concrete placement 
• 
Place new 2-inch asphalt concrete pathway 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS: 
• 
LSJ will remove, secure, and replace all stone and other border edges. 
• 
LSJ will provide all ferry services and vehicular and equipment barging services to and from Little St. James Island. 
• 
Aggregate base will be supplied by owner. 
• 
Care will be taken throughout this project to minimally impact all existing areas on Little St. James Island that is not a 
part of this project. However, it is understood that some damage will occur to existing landscaped areas and contractor 
will not be responsible for replacement of these damaged areas while implementing normal construction procedures. 
• 
Amount of $114,000.00 will be credited to owner on behalf Betteroads Asphalt LLC. 
OPTIONS (NOT INCLUDED IN BASE PRICE): 
• 
As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" and dated September 
18, 2014. 
TOTAL BASE PRICE: 
$448,500.00 
•Total Base Price is based on Quantum Vision Construction LLC's procurement of asphalt concrete from the Island Roads asphalt 
producing plant. 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page I of 2 
EFTA00809851
--- PAGE 2 ---
Construction Proposal 
Project Table: 
Name 
Asphalt Concrete 
Paving 
Excavation and 
Sitework 
Credit 
Description 
2-inch pathway 
3-inch course using owner 
supplied aggregate base 
material. 
Intervention amount on behalf 
of Betteroads Asphalt LLC 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
Unit 
Total Cost 
1.500 
S350.00 
Ton 
5525.000.00 
11080 
515.00 
S.Y. 
$37.500.00 
-$114.000.00 
-5114.000.00 
Total Base Price 
$448,500.00 
Options 
Drainage Measures: As shown on drawings entitled "Link St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" 
and dated September 18. 2014. 
Concrete Swales 
Described above 
S1.064.00 
EA 
$34.048.00 
Aggregate Base 
Pad 
Described above 
S182.00 
EA 
55.824.09 
Rip Rap Detention 
Area 
Described above 
$202.00 
EA 
56.464.09 
Options Total 
$46,336.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00809852

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809853.pdf
----------------------------------------
Construction Proposal 
Quantum Vision Construction LLC 
8168 Crown Bay Marina 
Suite 505 PMB 260 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
January 21', 2018 
Owner: LSJE 
Project: 
Asphalt Pathways Paving Works 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SCOPE OF WORK: 
• 
Prepare and grade existing sub base 
• 
Eradicate and remove weeds and organic material from existing sub base. 
• 
Compact sub base to insure stability 
• 
Spread and compact 3 inches of owner-supplied aggregate base material 
• 
Apply Tack Coat prior to asphalt concrete placement 
• 
Place new 2-inch asphalt concrete pathway 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS: 
• 
LSJ will remove, secure, and replace all stone and other border edges. 
• 
LSJ will provide all ferry services and vehicular and equipment barging services to and from Little St. James Island. 
• 
Aggregate base will be supplied by owner. 
• 
Care will be taken throughout this project to minimally impact all existing areas on Little St. James Island that is not a 
part of this project. However, it is understood that some damage will occur to existing landscaped areas and contractor 
will not be responsible for replacement of these damaged areas while implementing normal construction procedures. 
• 
Amount of $114,000.00 will be credited to owner on behalf Betteroads Asphalt LLC. 
OPTIONS (NOT INCLUDED IN BASE PRICE): 
• 
As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" and dated September I& 
2014. 
TOTAL BASE PRICE: 
$351,000.00 
•Total Base Price is based on Quantum Vision Construction LLC's procurement of its own asphalt concrete producing plant. 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page I of 2 
EFTA00809853
--- PAGE 2 ---
Construction Proposal 
Project Table: 
Name 
Asphalt Concrete 
Paving 
Excavation and 
Sitework 
Credit 
Description 
2-inch pathway 
3-inch course using owner 
supplied aggregate base 
material. 
Intervention amount on behalf 
of Betteroads Asphalt LLC 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
Unit 
Total Cost 
1.500 
$285.00 
S-327.5oo.(x) 
13000 
515.(10 
S37.500.00 
-SI14.000.00 
L.S. 
-S114.(1410.00 
Total Base Price 
$351,000.00 
Options 
Drainage Measures: As shown on drawings entitled "Link St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" 
and dated September 18. 2014. 
Concrete Swales 
Described above 
$1.064.410 
EA 
534.048.1K) 
Aggregate Base 
Described above 
$182.00 
EA 
55.824.00 
Pad 
Rip Rap Detention 
Described above 
$202.00 
EA 
56.464.00 
Area 
Options Total 
$46,336.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00809854

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809855.pdf
----------------------------------------
Construction Proposal 
Quantum Vision Construction LLC 
8168 Crown Bay Marina 
Suite 505 PMB 260 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
January 21', 2018 
Owner: LSJE 
Project: 
Asphalt Pathways Paving Works 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SCOPE OF WORK: 
• 
Prepare and grade existing sub base 
• 
Eradicate and remove weeds and organic material from existing sub base. 
• 
Compact sub base to insure stability 
• 
Spread and compact 3 inches of owner-supplied aggregate base material 
• 
Apply Tack Coat prior to asphalt concrete placement 
• 
Place new 4-inch reinforced Portland cement concrete pathway 
Little St. James Island, VI 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS: 
• 
LSJ will remove, secure, and replace all stone and other border edges. 
• 
LSJ will provide all ferry services and vehicular and equipment barging services to and from Little St. James Island. 
• 
Aggregate base will be supplied by owner. 
• 
Care will be taken throughout this project to minimally impact all existing areas on Little St. James Island that is not a 
part of this project. However, it is understood that some damage will occur to existing landscaped areas and contractor 
will not be responsible for replacement of these damaged areas while implementing normal construction procedures. 
• 
Amount of $114,000.00 will be credited to owner on behalf Betteroads Asphalt LLC. 
OPTION (NOT INCLUDED IN BASE PRICE): 
• 
As shown on drawings entitled "Little St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" and dated September 
18, 2014. 
TOTAL BASE PRICE: 
$716,500.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page I of 2 
EFTA00809855
--- PAGE 2 ---
Construction Proposal 
Project Table: 
Name 
Portland Cement 
Concrete Pavement 
Excavation and 
Sitework 
Credit 
Description 
4-inch reinforced pathway 
3-inch course using owner 
supplied aggregate base 
material. 
Intervention amount on behalf 
of Betteroads Asphalt LLC 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
Unit 
Total Cost 
13.0(X) 
561.00 
S.Y. 
5793.000.00 
13.0(X) 
515.00 
S.Y. 
$37.500.00 
-$114.000.00 
-5114.000.00 
Total Base Price 
$716,500.00 
Option 
Drainage Measures: As shown on drawings entitled "Link St. James RV and Pedestrian Pathway Re-Surfacing Project" 
and dated September 18, 2014. 
Concrete Swales 
Described above 
S1.064.00 
EA 
$34.048.00 
Aggregate Base 
Described above 
S182AM 
EA 
55.824.00 
Pad 
Rip Rap Detention 
Described above 
S202.00 
EA 
56.464.09 
Area 
Options Total 
$46,336.00 
Little St. James Island Paving 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00809856

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809857.pdf
----------------------------------------
October 13, 2017 
6910 Great Bay. St. Thomas. USVI 00802 
Dear Fellow Ritz-Carlton Club Member, 
It saddens us to report that our Club will be closed at least through March 2nd and quite 
likely even beyond the end of our high season April 28th. We hope to announce early next year a 
date certain for reopening. In the meantime, we encourage Members to exercise great caution in 
making any non-refundable airline reservations to St. Thomas between now and late April in the 
expectation the Club might be open. 
Here are some of the factors that weighed heavily in our decision: 
The Club buildings withstood the two hurricanes with only minimal damage to the facade, 
(lashings and roof structures. However, the landscaping was basically wiped out, all of the elevators 
had water damage and were not working and will require extensive repairs. The air conditioning 
equipment had water damage in over 40% of the units, replacement parts are scarce and require 
lead-times of up to six months to order. We are currently assessing whether we will need to replace 
the entire AC equipment in the Residences. The "chillers" or AC equipment for the Suites were 
substantially damaged and will need to be replaced which will take time. 
Adding to these problems is the water penetration or "wicking" that occurred under the 
doors and windows in almost 90% of our units. This will require extensive replacement of sheet 
rock, mold remediation, rebuilding and decorating. Of course, power was out on the entire Island 
and our back-up generators initially were not operating. 
While it took several days, we are pleased to report that our generators are working now. 
However, these generators were meant to be standby or back up units and were never intended to 
run 24/7 for many months. We therefore already placed an order for one new generator and will be 
purchasing another generator shortly in order to run the club independently of the Virgin Island 
Water and Power Authority (WAPA.) We have now finally put together a remediation plan. We have 
been arranging for contractors and have ordered the necessary parts and equipment. All of this, 
however, takes considerable time even in the best of circumstances which these are not. 
We are a strong Club with great resources. We actually do believe we could overcome these 
difficulties by March. The considerably larger problem, however, is not so much our recovery as it 
is the recovery of those around us. The Hotel disclosed last week that it will not be opening until 
October, 2018. 
EFTA00809857
--- PAGE 2 ---
This impacts us in a number of important ways, including the operation of Coconut Cove and 
the Spa not to mention the Hotel restaurants. 
We are now working to have at least some of these 
facilities available to our Members should we open before the Hotel. 
Essential island services are still lacking. 
Most of the island is still without power. WAPA 
has estimated that it may be February or March before electricity is restored on the East End of the 
island. The hospital remains in disrepair. Many roads are still impassable with power lines down. 
Ferry service is erratic. There are sanitation issues. Curfews remain in effect. ALL restaurants 
near us are closed. 
Cell phone and Internet service is spotty at best. 
All of these factors are 
beyond our control. 
There are some hopeful signs. Power is slowly being restored by linemen 
brought in from the mainland erecting electric poles brought in by barge. Some businesses in 
Charlotte Amalie are beginning to open. But pinpointing when the island will truly be ready for 
tourism again is all but impossible at least until electricity is fully restored. 
As you might imagine, this all raises tricky questions about our 2017-2018 assessments and 
how Members might be compensated for the lost weeks of allocation. 
Prior to Irma's assault on 
St. Thomas, the Board had prepared a budget that paralleled last year's budget with no increase in 
assessments. It would have been the ninth straight year without an increase, an achievement in 
which we all took considerable pride. 
The damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria complicates the calculus. While we have 
plenty of insurance—over $90 million—we have a $2.6 million dollar deductible that we're going to 
have to pay. Also, there may be some uninsured losses. At this time, we estimate that the one-time 
nonrecurring cost per Member should be no more than $2000. Some of this may be offset by a 
reduction in expenses as a result of our closure. 
The Board still expects to have its revised annual bills out before the end of the year. 
We are also in negotiations with our insurance carrier about not only the property losses, 
but also the business interruption coverage. It is our position that the Association should 
get a full credit for the assessments for each day the Club is closed and we are prepared to 
press that claim to the fullest. This would translate into a credit for each Member's lost 
allocation which would be passed on to you. 
Members who booked their 2017 allocated 
time in September and October should also be compensated. While we are not sure what 
form this credit will take, we are determined to work out some appropriate compensation 
to cover these losses one way or another. 
We hope this communication is responsive to the many inquiries we have received from our 
Members. There are still a number of issues that remain unresolved and we will keep you updated 
as best we can. The Board also plans to host a telephone conference call next month to answer 
your questions and hear your concerns. We'll notify you once the date and time are set. 
EFTA00809858
--- PAGE 3 ---
Please bear with us as we work through these complicated issues and difficult times. Know 
that your volunteer Board is putting in countless hours, working closely with the Ritz-Carlton 
Management team, our insurance carriers, our accountants and attorneys to protect the Club and 
all of our interests. We are confident that when our Club opens again, it will be stronger and more 
beautiful than ever. We look forward to seeing you back on our pristine beaches. 
Until then, we thank you for your patience and support. 
GREAT BAY CONDOMINIUM OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC. 
6910 GREAT BAY; ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
E-Mail: 
President: 
John Doyle 
Vice-President 
Abbey Chung 
Treasurer: 
Thomas Doyle 
Secretary: 
Michael Gick 
Director: 
Steve Redan 
Privileged andror Confidential: This communication contains information from the Great Bay Condominium Owners Association that 
may be confidential and/or privileged. Except for personal use by the intended recipient, or as expressly authorized by the sender. 
any person who receives this information is prohibited from disclosing, copying, distributing, and/or using it. If you have received 
this communication in error, please immediately delete it and all copies. and promptly notify the sender at electronic mail address 
of the Sender.. Nothing in this communication is intended to operate as an electronic signature under applicable law. 
EFTA00809859
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00809860

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809861.pdf
----------------------------------------
450 NW 27th Ave. 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33311 
www.premiergarageofsouthf 
ESTIMATE 
ADDRESS 
Kahn, Richard 
358 Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
PremierGarage 
ESTIMATE # 71158 
DATE 09/18/2018 
CONSULTANT 
VB 
TEL 
DESCRIPTION 
QTY 
RATE 
AMOUNT 
INSTALLATION CONTACT 
To loC 
Enclosure 
1,225.00 
1,225.00 
Existed enclosure to be re-done to 18" deep 
PG Existed doors to be used 
Enclosure 
325.00 
325.00 
Pipe enclosure 
door 
Height 96" 
Depth 21" 
Enclosure 
1,300.00 
1,300.00 
Enclosure for the Fridge and Metal cabinet/drawers 
doors 
Height 96" 
Depth to be determine during assessment 
Oxford White - Cabinets 
3,942.00 
3,942.00 
Garage cabinets as drawn (back wall) 
All cabinets to match PG existed height 96" 
Depth 21" 
NOTES 
Fillers on the top to be installed 
Discount 
(-$250 returned client discount) 
EFTA00809861
--- PAGE 2 ---
This contract constitutes the entire understanding of the parties. 50% 
deposit required for each invoiced item. Balances will be charged on 
final day of install. Installers will only install items listed on this 
contract. Deposits are not refundable. Buyers of floor coating systems 
should be aware that some individuals are sensitive to the odor of the 
materials. Floor warranty void if water in slab or acid comes in contact 
with coating. Cabinet warranty void if cabinets are loaded in excess of 
350 pounds. 
Please contact our main office 
vnvw.premiergarageofsouthflorida.com (Local Website) 
vnvw.premiergarage.com (Corporate Website) 
SUBTOTAL 
6,792.00 
DISCOUNT 
-250.00 
TOTAL 
$6,542.00 
Accepted By 
Accepted Date 
EFTA00809862

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809863.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
April 3, 2019 
VIA Email
Mr. Stephen K. Bannon 
Re: Epstein Engagement 
Dear Mr. Bannon: 
I am writing to confirm and memorialize the arrangement agreed to between us, whereby 
you and each additional person who executes a Supplemental Signature Page hereto (you and such 
persons, collectively, the "Consultants") agree to provide certain confidential litigation support 
services (the "Services") which we have discussed with some specificity and which are outlined 
generally below. 
I have been retained, along with other attorneys, to provide legal advice and other legal 
services to Mr. Jeffrey Epstein in connection with certain pending and threatened legal 
proceedings involving Mr. Epstein (the "Legal Proceedings"). The Services relate directly to the 
Legal Proceedings and the litigation support to be provided by the Consultants in connection with 
the same. 
Mr. Epstein has given authority for me to retain the Consultants to perform the Services, 
working under my direction and reporting directly to me, and with such Services being essential to 
my legal work and the legal work of other lawyers acting on behalf of Mr. Epstein in connection 
with the Legal Proceedings. The Services will be performed in a manner that is adjunct to my legal 
services and to the legal services of other attorneys acting on behalf of Mr. Epstein in connection 
with the Legal Proceedings. 
In connection with this arrangement, all communications, whether oral, written, electronic, 
or in any other form, with, by or among any of the Consultants, Mr. Epstein, me, and/or any 
attorney, agent or employee acting on Mr. Epstein's or my behalf, or with, by or among any of the 
Consultants, Mr. Epstein, me and/or any witness or potential witness (each, a "Covered 
Communication" and collectively, "Covered Communications"), shall be deemed to be 
confidential and covered by the attorney-client privilege, fully protected as attorney work product 
EFTA00809863
--- PAGE 2 ---
and engaged in solely for the purpose of assisting legal counsel in giving legal advice or providing 
legal services to Mr. Epstein. In addition, all documents, including, without limitation, writings, 
electronic communications, digital recordings, photographs, audio recordings, video recordings, 
and any and all other records, documents or data in any form, and all information in whatever form 
derived therefrom, disclosed to any of the Consultants by Mr. Epstein, me, any attorney, agent or 
employee working on Mr. Epstein's behalf or on my behalf, or any witness or potential witness 
(hereinafter referred to as "Covered Material") shall be deemed to constitute confidential, 
proprietary, privileged attorney-client communications and/or fully protected attorney work 
product. In the case of work product disclosed, prepared or reflecting communications from legal 
counsel, such work product shall be deemed to constitute or reflecting the mental impressions of 
legal counsel for Mr. Epstein. 
Each of the Consultants recognizes and acknowledges that the Covered Communications 
and the Covered Material may include legal memoranda, defensive theories, attorney-client 
communications, attorney opinion work product, legal strategies, factual and legal strategies, 
factual and legal arguments, factual research, legal research, statistical analyses, legal, factual, or 
investigatory methods, factual resources, and information retrieval systems. In addition, all 
information of a confidential or proprietary nature relating to or reflecting any of the Consultants' 
methodology, recommendations, techniques, conclusions, and analytical mechanisms for 
evaluating any of the Legal Proceedings, or any facts, arguments, claims, defenses, strategies, 
theories, public perception or any other matters in any way related to, arising out of or connected 
with any of the Legal Proceedings that are disclosed or delivered to any of the Consultants by Mr. 
Epstein, me, or any attorney, agent or employee acting on behalf of Mr. Epstein or me, shall be 
deemed Covered Material and confidential information prepared for use in litigation and belonging 
exclusively to me or Mr. Epstein. 
Each of the Consultants acknowledges and agrees that it is being provided access to the 
Covered Communications and Covered Material solely for the purpose of enabling the Consultants 
to provide the Services to me, at my direction, to assist me in advising Mr. Epstein and creating 
attorney opinion work product for purposes of anticipated and pending litigation. 
Each of the Consultants agrees not to directly or indirectly market, sell, deliver, transfer, 
convey, publish, publicize, communicate or otherwise disclose to anyone, without advance written 
permission from me, the existence, nature or content of any Covered Communications, any Covered 
Material, or any information gained from the receipt, inspection or examination of any Covered 
Communication or any Covered Material, including, without limitation, the identities of any persons 
in any way associated with Mr. Epstein, me or any of the Legal Proceedings, and any information 
obtained from corporate records, bank records, pictures, tapes, disks, emails, texts, or any other 
words, documents in any way related to Mr. Epstein, me or any of the Legal Proceedings. Each of 
the Consultants further agrees not to permit the inspection or examination of any such Covered 
Communications, any such Covered Material, or any such information disclosed to such Consultant 
or in any way obtained by such Consultant, without advance written permission from me. 
All Covered Communications and Covered Material, including any and all workpapers, 
records, communications, notes, or other documents derived therefrom, regardless of their 
nature or the source from which they emanate, shall be held by each of the Consultants solely 
for the convenience of Mr. Epstein and me and subject to my unqualified right to instruct each 
EFTA00809864
--- PAGE 3 ---
Consultant with respect to the possession and control of the same. 
Workpapers, notes, communications, electronic communications, digital recordings, 
photographs, video recordings, audio recordings and any other records, documents or data of any 
kind and in any form prepared by any Consultant or under the direction of any Consultant in 
connection with the Services shall be Covered Material and belong exclusively to me. 
As part of the agreement to provide the Services under this Agreement, each of the 
Consultants will immediately notify me in writing of the occurrence of any one of the following 
events: (a) the exhibition or surrender of any Covered Communication or Covered Material, or any 
copy thereof or any information derived therefrom, in a manner not expressly authorized in advance 
in writing by me (and each Consultant acknowledges that neither such Consultant nor anyone 
acting under the direction of such Consultant has the right to allow such exhibition or surrender 
without my express advance written authorization); (b) a request by anyone to examine, inspect, 
or copy any Covered Communications or Covered Material; (c) any attempt to serve, or the actual 
service of any court order, subpoena, or summons upon any Consultant which purports to require 
or has the potential to require the production or disclosure of any Covered Communications or 
Covered Material. Each of the Consultants will immediately return all Covered Communications 
and Covered Material, and all copies thereof, to me at my request. The term the "Consultants" 
includes each Consultant and each officer, director, manager, partner, agent and employee thereof. 
When referred to in this letter, "Jeffrey Epstein" includes any entity owned or controlled by, or 
affiliated with, Jeffrey Epstein, and any officer director, manager, partner, shareholder, member, 
trustee, beneficiary, employee or agent of Jeffrey Epstein or any such entity. 
benefit. 
I very much look forward to working together on this matter for Mr. Epstein's 
Very truly yours, 
Darren K Indyke 
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED: 
By: 
Stephen K. Bannon 
EFTA00809865
--- PAGE 4 ---
Engagement Letter Dated April 3, 2019 
by and between Darren K. Indyke, Esq. and Stephen K. Bannon 
Relating to the Epstein Engagement 
SUPPLEMENTAL SIGNATURE PAGE 
This Supplemental Signature Page is intended to be attached to and is hereby made a part of 
that certain engagement letter dated April 3, 2019 by and between Darren K. Indyke, Esq. ("Indyke") 
and Stephen K. Bannon ("Bannon") relating to the provision by to Bannon to Indyke of litigation 
support services with respect to pending and threatened litigation involving Mr. Jeffrey Epstein (the 
"Engagement Letter"). The undersigned has read, is familiar with and fully understands the 
provisions of the Engagement Letter. The undersigned has discussed with Bannon and is fully aware 
of the litigation support services to be provided pursuant to the Engagement Letter. By executing 
this Supplemental Signature Page, the undersigned hereby agrees to be a Consultant as defined in 
the Engagement Letter, to provide the Services as defined in the Engagement Letter and explained 
to the undersigned by Bannon and to comply with and be bound by all of the provisions of the 
Engagement Letter, including, without limitation, the confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions 
contained therein. 
Dated: 
Print Name: 
Print Name of Authorized Signatory: 
Print Title: 
Signature: 
EFTA00809866

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809867.pdf
----------------------------------------
ADMIRAL FARRAGUT ACADEMY 
8TH - 12th GRADE 
BOARDING & DAY SCHOOL 
2017 - 2018 TUITION 
www.farragut.org 
ANNUAL 
TUITION 
ENROLLMENT 
FEE * 
TOTAL 
STUDENT EXPENSE 
ACCOUNT ** 
DAY STUDENT 
8TII - 12TH 
$22,400 
+ 
$600 
= 
$23,000 
Boarding Only 
DAY BOARDING 
8TH - 12TH 
$39,400 
+ 
$600 
= 
$40,000 
$2,500 
INT'L 8TH 12TH 
$42,400 
+ 
$600 
= 
$43,000 
$4,500 
DAY BOARDING 
8TH -12TH 
$46,900 
+ 
$600 
= 
$47,500 
$2,500 
INT'L 8TH -12TH 
$49,900 
+ 
$600 
= 
$50,500 
$4,500 
*ENROLLMENT FEE: This is a ONE-TIME fee paid upon initial enrollment. 
NOTE: Tuition includes meals in our full service dining hall. 
NOT INCLUDED IN TUITION 
APPLIES TO ALL STUDENTS 
Books - Chromebooks are preferred for on-line 
books. However, textbooks are still available. 
Uniforms - Available for purchase in the school store 
(Ship's Store), initial cost is approx. $1,000. Used uni-
forms may also be available at a substantial savings. 
Entrance Fees for Field Trips - Cost varies per trip. 
Student School Supplies - Cost varies depending on 
what students purchase. 
Extracurricular Activities - After the academic day. 
MAY APPLY TO STUDENT 
AP Course Test Fees - $95 per exam 
Aviation Course Fees - Aero Science I - $100, 
Aero Science II - $1,500, Aviation Academy - $14,000 
Center for Academic Success Services 
Tutoring - Cost varies depending on student needs. 
Academic Coaching Class - $3,400 
Scuba Course Fees - Basic Scuba $1,100, Master 
Diver $600 and Dive Master $500 
International Students Only 
ESOL Classes - $1,500 per year 
Medical Insurance for International Students - $850 
"STUDENT EXPENSE ACCOUNT - This account is mandatory for all boarders. The following are some common 
items, but not all, for which the Student Account is used: International Medical Insurance, field trips, extracurricular 
activities, doctor appointments, prescriptions, purchases in the school store, tutoring, replacement of room key, 
school pictures, taxis and other miscellaneous charges. 
Contact the Admissions Office at (727)384-5500 x 220 or e-mail: admissionsoyfarragut.org 
***See Payment Schedule & Payment Plan Options on reverse side." 
EFTA00809867
--- PAGE 2 ---
Payment Plans are not available for International Students - Use One Time Payment chart below. 
Payment plans are managed through Tuition Management Systems (TMS) program at: 
To enroll, complete the TMS Enrollment Document, which can be found on our website. There is an initial set-up 
fee of $45. 
ONE TIME 
PAYMENT 
ANNUAL 
TUITION 
ENROLLMENT 
FEE 
DEPOSIT 
due 2 weeks 
after accept. 
BALANCE 
DUE 
June 1, 2017 
STUDENT EXPENSE 
ACCOUNT 
Due before classes start 
DAY STUDENT 
Boarding Only 
8TH -12TH 
$22/400 
+ $600 
- 
$2,600 
= 
$20,400 
N/A 
DAY BOARDING 
8TH -12TH 
$39,400 
+ $600 
- 
$4,600 
• 
$35/400 
$2,500 
INT'L 8TH - 12TH 
$42,400 
+ $600 
- 
$9,600 
= 
$33,400 
$4,500 
DAY BOARDING 
8TH -12TH 
$46,900 
+ $600 
- 
$4,600 
• 
$42,900 
$2,500 
INT'L 8TH - 12TH 
$49,900 
+ $600 
- 
$9,600 
• 
$40,900 
$4,500 
Month 
Payment Plan 
DAY STUDENT 
8TH -12TH 
DAY BOARDING 
8TH -12TH 
DAY BOARDING 
8TH -12TH 
ANNUAL 
TUITION 
DEPOSIT 
ENROLLMENT due 2 weeks 
FEE 
after accept. 
PAYMENTS 
STUDENT EXPENSE 
(60%) DUE (40%) 
ACCOUNT 
June I & Nov 15 Due before classes start 
Boarding Only 
523,200 
+ $600 
- 
52,600 
= $12,720 
& 
$ 8,480 
N/A 
$40,800 
+ $600 
- 
$4,600 
= $22,080 
& 
$14,720 
$2,500 
$48,500 
+ $600 
- 
$4,600 
= $26,700 & $17,800 
$2,500 
Month 
Payment I'lan 
ANNUAL 
ENROLLMENT 
TUITION 
FEE 
DEPOSIT 
PAYMENTS STUDENT EXPENSE 
due 2 weeks DUE MONTHLY 
ACCOUNT 
after accept. 
Starting June 1 Due before classes start 
DAY STUDENT 
8TH -12TH 
DAY BOARDING 
8TH -12TH 
DAY BOARDING 
8TH -12TH 
$23,700 
+ $600 
- 
$2,600 
$2,170 
Boarding Only 
N/A 
$41,800 
+ $600 
- 
$4,600 
= 
$3,780 
$2,500 
$49,700 
+ 5600 
- 
$4,600 
= 
$4,570 
$2,500 
Payment Plan questions should be addressed to the Business Office at (727)384-5503 
or e-mail: dkylegfarragut.org 
EFTA00809868

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809869.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
pat Gavle-Gordon 
Bcc: 
Veronica Close 
Subject: 
Agenda 
Date: 
Thursday, June 08, 2006 4:20:50 PM 
Attachments: 
5.13.06 od( 
Attached is the agenda for the Town Council Meeting on 6/13/06. 
Pat Gayle-Gordon 
Administrative Assistant 
Town Manager's Office 
EFTA00809869

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809870.pdf
----------------------------------------
VI-AMBASSADOR PROGRAM 
VOLUNTEER FORM 
In its enhanced effort to build more advanced marketing programs to sell the Territory's key benefits to targeted com-
panies, the U.S. Virgin Islands Economic Development Authority (USVIEDA) launched an initiative called VI-
Ambassadors in 2012 to assist with identifying, cultivating, and securing additional business investment. The program 
leverages the Territory's network of business leaders who can influence key businesses in their decisions to locate op-
erations in the Territory. In short, the VI-Ambassadors are an additional set of "USVI salespeople." 
PROGRAM INFO 
WHO ARE VI-AMBASSADORS? 
♦ 
VIEDC Beneficiaries in key targeted 
sectors 
♦ 
Stakeholders in the USVI business 
community 
♦ 
Friends, family and VIEDC alumni who 
share a passion for the Territory's 
development 
OBJECTIVES OF VI-AMBASSADORS 
♦ 
Raise awareness of the USVI as a viable 
option for investment 
♦ 
Introduce 
target 
companies 
with 
business expansion plans to USVIEDA 
♦ 
Secure 
high 
visibility 
speaking 
engagements 
and 
hosting 
opportunities at key industry events 
♦ 
Secure increased investment and job 
creation 
HOW IT WORKS 
Key Beneficiaries are recruited in target 
industry sectors to support the USVIEDA in 
promoting the Territory through case 
studies, 
testimonial 
videos, 
marketing 
event presentations, advice on targeted 
events 
and 
industry 
conferences, 
introductions to industry colleagues and 
contacts, and meetings with prospective 
investors. 
VI-AMBASSADOR CONTACT INFORMATION FORM 
Company Name: 
Address: 
City/State/ZIP: 
Please provide the name(s) of person(s) from your company who will 
be the point(s) of contact for the VI-Ambassador program. 
Primary Contact Name: 
Title: 
Email Address: 
Secondary Contact Name (if applicable): 
Title: 
Email Address: 
Indicate the activities your company would be willing to participate in 
below. 
a USVIEDA Brochures 
▪ USVIEDA Website 
▪ Testimonial Videos (Local/ 
National) 
▪ Print Advertisements 
a Interviews 
L. Event Presentations 
c Advisement on Industry Confer-
ences 
o Meetings with Prospective Inves-
tors 
o Other 
Completed forms can be mailed or hand delivered to one of our offices located at: 
8000 Nisky Shopping Center Ste. 620, St. Thomas, VI 00802 • 116 King Street, Frederiksted, VI 00840 
Email submissions can be sent to 
EFTA00809870

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809871.pdf
----------------------------------------
First Bank 
Virgin Islands 
PO Box 309600 
St Thomas, VI 00803.9600 
Telephone (340) 775-7777 
WIRE TRANSFER INFORMATION 
TO: 
All Account Holders 
RE: 
Wire Transfer instructions to your remitting financial institution for the movement of funds to your 
account at FirstBank in the U.S. Virgin Islands 
The following instructions are to be used when initiating a wire transfer: 
HAVE YOUR BANK SEND FUNDS TO 
FirstBank, Puerto Rico 
ABA 221571473 
FOR CREDIT TO: 
PO Box 9146 
1519 Ponce De Leon Avenue 
Santurce, PR 00908 
Account Name: 
Account # 
FirstBank Virgin Islands is a civision of FirstBank Puerto Rico 
\LIST. Inc 
NNWN-2260.02031I 
EFTA00809871

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809872.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
IS ‘ lat. IN 1St knE1,
ST. CROIX 116 King Street Frederiksted. VI 00840 
(340)773.6499 FAX (340) 773-7701 
ST. THOMAS 8000 Nisky Shopping Center, Suite 620, St. Thomas, VI 00802 
(340)714-1700 FAX (340) 777-1103 
Economic Development Authority www.USVIE0A.org 
CERTIFICATION OF TRUTH 
(To be filled out by a duly authorized representative of the entity in support of the application for Virgin Islands 
Economic Development Commission ("VIEDC")tox incentive benefits.) 
Examples of authorized signatories: CORPORATION - an officer (President/Secretary/Treasurer or Chief Financial Officer) or a non-officer with 
written signatory authority; LLC -a Manager; PARTNERSHIP (General Partnership/LPALP/LLLP) - a General Partner, but not a Limited Partner 
NAME OF VIEDC APPLICANT: 
Please irditatoubtther 
entiry conduts transxts busiress uneen &acts ore (d/b/a'. 
Under penalties of perjury I,  
 (Print), hereby certify that I have 
examined this application and accompanying documents submitted for consideration before the VIEDC 
and to the best of my knowledge and belief, they are true, accurate and complete. If information 
submitted changes, I understand that I am obligated to inform the VIEDC. 
SIGNATURE: 
TITLE: 
DATE: 
EMAIL: 
STATE OF 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
COUNTY OR DISTRICT OF 
) SS: 
On this  
day of  
before me the undersigned officer, 
personally appeared 
, known to me or satisfactorily 
proven to be the person whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged that 
he/she is authorized to execute same for the purposes therein contained. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal. 
Notary Public 
Commission Expires: 
The VIEDC reserves the right to request the entity's organizational agreement, operating agreement and resolutions duly 
adopted to authorize and empower the herein named signatory to negotiate, enter into and execute, in the name and on 
behalf of the entity, any applications, agreements, documents, instruments, certificates and other commitments and 
obligations that he/she deems or believes to be advisable and in the best interest of the entity. 
A photocopy, electronic, or similar copy of this Certification of Truth shall be considered as effective and valid as the original. 
(Rev. 01/2017) 
EFTA00809872

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809873.pdf
----------------------------------------
116 King Street Frederiksted. VI 00840 
(340)773.6499 FAX (340)773.7701 
8000 Nisky Shopping Center. Suite 620. St Thomas. VI 00802 
(340)714-1700 FAX (340) 777-1103 
Economic Development Authority 
August 20, 2018 
Via Electronic Mail 
Cecile de Jongh 
Manager 
Southern Trust Company, Inc 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 - 1348 
Re: COMPLIANCE REVIEW 
Dear Mrs. de Jongh, 
The Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission has commenced a compliance review 
of Southern Trust Company, Inc, for the period; January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2016. 
We are therefore requesting the following documents to substantiate compliance with the 
certificate of tax incentives: 
o 2013 - 2016 Fixed Asset schedule 
o Name of employee(s) participating or participated in the management training program 
o Name of employee(s) who received tuition reimbursement, employee training, 
professional training. 
o Name of employee(s) given time off to participate in and represent the Virgin Islands at 
athletic and sporting events. 
Timely submission of the requested information will expedite the completion of the compliance 
review but does not preclude requests for additional information. Please note the requested 
information may be sent to this office under separate covers no later than August 29, 2018. 
Should you have questions or require assistance, you may contact me via e-mail or at 
ext. ■. 
Sincerely, 
andra Bess 
Compliance Officer 
cc: Claude S. M. Gerard — Director of Compliance - VIEDC 
EFTA00809873

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809874.pdf
----------------------------------------
ST. CROIX 116 King Street. hider'Icahn!, VI 00840 
(340) 773-6499 FAX (3401773.7701 
ST. THOMAS 8000 N is ky Shopping Center, Suite 620, St. Thomas, VI 00802 
(340) llirl700 FAX (340) 777.1103 
INITID 
',TAW 
YPICIS IS:AMOS 
Economic Development Authority www.(511E0A.org 
NOTICE 2018-002 
Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission 
TO: 
Beneficiaries of the Virgin Islands Economic Development Program 
Attorneys/Advisors of Beneficiaries 
FROM: 
Wayne L. Biggs, Jr. 'Al e
Acting Chief Executive Officer 
DATE: 
May 24,2018 
SUBJECT: 
VI CODE ANN. tit. 29,4§ 713d(c)(2)(E) and (F) — Capital Contributions in Excess of $1 
Million 
As it pertains the commercial loans or capital contributions in excess of One Million Dollars 
($1,000,000.00) to U.S. Virgin Islands business entities or entities located in the U.S. Virgin Islands, the 
applicable law states in relevant part as follows: 
(2) The percentage of exemption of 80% shall apply with respect to the tax on dividends 
and dividend equivalent amounts paid by an applicant granted an economic development 
certificate who, at any time from the beginning of each taxable year that the certificate is in 
effect, but not later than ninety (90) days after the date of filing of the corresponding income 
tax return for such taxable year, places, invests, and maintains, for a fixed term of not less than 
(5) years, not less than fifty percent (50%) of its net income derived from the business or 
industry for which an economic development certificate has been granted for such year after 
the payment of the taxes provided by law, In the payment of ... any of the following: 
(E) commercial loans in excess of one million dollars made to Virgin Islands borrowers 
or borrowers in the Virgin Islands that (i) have been rejected by, or not approved within 30 days 
from the date a written loan application has been made to, any licensed Virgin Islands financial 
institution; and (ii) bear interest at an interest rate of not less than five percentage points above 
the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation's posted yield on the last business day of the 
month on thirty-year standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages committed for delivery within 
sixty days, rounded to the nearest one-fourth percent, which rate shall take effect (a) on the 
EFTA00809874
--- PAGE 2 ---
auto 
SCAR I VIOLIN ISLAND/ 
Economic Development Authority www.USVIE0A.org 
Notke 2018-002: Capital Contributions in Excess of Si Million 
May 24, 2018 
Page 2 
first day of the immediately subsequent month and continue in effect for the remainder of said 
month, and (b) apply to all commitments made by a beneficiary during such month. If for any 
reason, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ceases its auction, temporarily or 
permanently, the index in the preceding sentence shall be based on the Federal Home Loan 
Bank Board's average monthly contract rate. All existing and future beneficiaries are permitted 
to make such loans without modification of their certificates; 
(F) capital contributions in excess of one million dollars made to Virgin Islands business 
entities or business entities in the Virgin Islands. All existing and future beneficiaries are 
permitted to make such capital contributions without modification of their certificates. 
V.I.C. §§ 713d(c)(2)(E) and (F). To be considered for the exemption and partial exemption of tax on 
interest and dividends, a beneficiary that has made such commercial loan (loan") or capital 
contribution ("investment") in excess of $1 Million must submit the following required documents to 
the Chief Executive Officer. 
1. A notification letter to VIEDC from the Beneficiary, Its legal counsel or representative providing 
the date of the loan or investment and an overview of the transaction within 30 days after it was 
made; 
2. Copies of the executed/recorded loan or investment documents, as applicable; 
3. Proof that the business that received the investment is a USVI business or a business entity in 
the USVI; 
4. Proof that the business that received the loan was rejected by, or was not approved within 30 
days from the date a complete written loan application was made to, any licensed Virgin Islands 
financial institution; 
5. Verification of compliance with 9 V.I.C. § 183 regarding the amount of the loan and maximum 
charges; 
6. A sworn statement that as a company wishing to make loans pursuant to 29 V.I.C. 4§ 
713d(c)(2)(E) and (F), it shall register with and provide quarterly reports to the Office of the 
Lieutenant Governor; and 
7. Any other documents deemed necessary by VIEDC to ensure compliance with applicable law. 
Beneficiaries will be notified by VIEDC when the documents have been forwarded to the Virgin Islands 
Bureau of Internal Revenue ("VIBIR") for further action. Notification letters that are not accompanied by 
the required documentation will not be forwarded to the VIBIR. Upon notification from VIEDC that 
beneficiary's letter of notification fails to provide the requisite information, beneficiary shall have 30 
EFTA00809875
--- PAGE 3 ---
UNITIO 
Zrb0;i1; www.USVIE0A.org 
Notice 2018-002: Capital Contributions in Excess of $1 Million 
May 24, 2018 
Page 3 
days to cure the deficiency. Failure to satisfy the requirements set forth herein within the stated period 
shall make the notification ineligible for further consideration or action by VIEDC. 
Should you have any questions regarding this matter,  ou may contact Claude S.M. Gerard, Director of 
Compliance at 
cc: 
VIEDC Governing Board 
Tracy Lynch Bhola, Esq., General Counsel 
Claude S.M. Gerard, Director of Compliance 
Margarita Benjamin, Director of Applications 
EFTA00809876

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809877.pdf
----------------------------------------
ST. CROIX 116 King Street, Frederiksted, VI 00840 
(340)773.6499 FAX (340) 773.7701 
ST. THOMAS 8000 Nisky Shopping Center. Suite 620. St. Thomas. VI 00802 
(340)714-1700 FAX (340)777-1103 
Economic Development Authority www.USVIE0A.org 
Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission 
NOTICE 
To: 
Beneficiaries of the Virgin Islands Economic Development Program 
From: 
Wayne L. Biggs, Jr. \c'e,C 
Acting Chief Executive Officer 
Copy: 
VIEDC Governing Board 
Tracy Lynch Bhola, Esq., General Counsel 
Claude Gerard, Director of Compliance 
Margarita Greenidge-Benjamin, Director of Applications 
Date: 
September 13, 2017 
Subject: 
Hurricane Irma -- VIEDC Procurement and Charitable Contributions 
St. Thomas/St. John District 
Procurement 
In our effort to expedite the rebuilding process for Beneficiaries and our community affected by 
Hurricane Irma in the St. Thomas/St. John District, the Virgin Islands Economic Development 
Commission ("VIEDC") has determined that to prevent undue hardship it is in the best interest 
of the Territory to waive the Economic Development Program's procurement procedures, 
effective September 7, 2017 through December 31, 2017.2 
While this waiver is intended to 
ensure the expeditious return of business to the Territory, all Beneficiaries are reminded that 
recordkeeping requirements shall remain in full force and effect throughout the 
aforementioned waiver period.2
See VIEDC Rules and Regulations 708-709 (Procurement Procedure — Solicitation for Quotes); see also 
V.I.R.R. 701-S and 708-713 (Waiver provisions). 
See V.I.R.R. 708-712. Record Keeping Requirements. 
EFTA00809877
--- PAGE 2 ---
Special Condition - Charitable Contribution 
With regard to charitable contributions, all contributions related to educational programs and 
initiatives shall remain in full force and effect as stated in Beneficiaries' Tax Incentive 
Certificates. Beneficiaries may, however, petition the VIEDC to redirect the remaining amount 
to a locally based 501(c)(3) or government relief agency directly related to Hurricane Irma 
relief. Such relief related petitions will be decided upon by the Chief Executive Officer within 
one (1) business day of receipt. Approved redirected contributions shall be applied to the 
Beneficiary's 2017 calendar year or current fiscal year charitable contribution requirement. All 
such contributions must be well-documented for VIEDC compliance purposes. 
While the Hurricane Irma procurement waiver applies only to beneficiaries in the St. 
Thomas/St. John district, modifications to charitable contributions shall apply in both the St. 
Thomas/St. John and St. Croix districts. Please direct all inquiries to: 
Claude •. 
Gerard, Director of Compliance 
Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission 
EFTA00809878

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809879.pdf
----------------------------------------
TEDx talk in Vienna 
1—Title: The evolutionary genetics of 'honor' killings 
2—Topic: see above Relevant to "inequality" 
3—A contradiction within evolutionary logic is found in so-called `honor 
killings'. Why would the parents of a grown child kill that child, whom they 
have invested in for years, with both resources and love? Evidence suggests 
predominance in some Muslim and Hindu areas, but near-complete absence 
from major swaths of the world such as China. 
In the Muslim case repeated first cousin marriages elevate degrees of 
relatedness in the family so that parents are related to their children by 
nearly 1 but likewise to their nephews/nieces and cousins by nearly the same 
amount. This increases the degree to which harm to them by their child 
could have large genetic costs to their parents and helps explain Muslim 
`honor' killings. 
Hindus practice a more complex system of inbreeding. Within-caste mating 
is promoted but within SUB-caste mating is not. That they have practiced 
endogamy for at least 100 generations has now been well established 
genetically. This has presumably led to competition between village sub-
groups, where strong interactions may favor sub-group 'honor'. 
Additional cases with a different logic—such as lynchings in the United 
States—will also be analyzed (the honor of Southern white women). 
EFTA00809879

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809880.pdf
----------------------------------------
... white and translucent atmosphere ... arms resemble filaments or algae in motion 
stylized faces of women in clear glass ... 
EFTA00809880

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809881.pdf
----------------------------------------
VIP - VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT 
PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
3BIS ARCHITECTURE INTERIEURE 
AUGUST 2018 
3BIS 
EFTA00809881
--- PAGE 2 ---
LOWER PATH WALKWAY 
DRIVEWAY 
SERVICE & 
MAINTENANCE DRIVEWAY 
I 
I 
L 
no
SPA 
10X10m 
i 
L
I 
POOL 
30X5m 
CABANAS 
VIP SUITE 
25X10m 
IMO 
111 1
I 
I 
I 
I 
MUSIC 
ROOM 
n  IIIII 
GUESTS 
BEDROOM 4 
II,
GUESTS 
BEDROOM 3 
SEA 
BEACH 
MAIN DINING 
12X10m 
GUESTS 
LIVING 
GUESTS 
BEDROOM 2 
LOUNGE 
GUESTS 
BEDROOM 1 
GARAGE 
I 
MAIN 
STAIRS 
MAIN 
ENTRANCE 
PORCH 
It
MAIN LIVING 
30X10m 
MASTER SUITE 
APPARTMENT 
HIS 
OFFICE 
LOWER LEVEL 
UPPER LEVEL 
I 
I 
I 
I 
CINEMA 
SERVICE 
AREAS 
MAIN 
KITCHEN 
I 
15X8m 
LOWER LEVEL UNDERGROUND 
I 
I 
r 
MEP 
PRIVATE 
ACCESS 
i 
I S 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
AUGUST 2018 
ORGANIZATIONAL LAYOUT 
EFTA00809882
--- PAGE 3 ---
- -I't0P--=--1_ 
AUGUST 2018 
8 I S 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
ORGANIZATIONAL PERSPECTIVE - VIEW 1 
EFTA00809883
--- PAGE 4 ---
• 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
ORGANIZATIONAL PERSPECTIVE - VIEW 2 
AUGUST 2018 
EFTA00809884
--- PAGE 5 ---
• 
AUGUST 2018 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
ORGANIZATIONAL PERSPECTIVE - VIEW 3 
EFTA00809885
--- PAGE 6 ---
WRRENT ROCK' 
• 
•% 
- wit .w 
: 
\ .• ./ 
11/ 9-7216 • 700•1 / 
i gi Ssets 
.? 
A 
i s ..„. i  
//bites' 05  -' 
i t 
".-;-; 
m"' " 
- a•-1/a nt 
e 
.0( 
,.. 
re_ 
_ 
• l• 
Od"
ke 
I  lag ?Jar MOO i
0./ 
109 
: li  
: l'r  ; ; 7: 9
:
l it 
I I / 1  ": 
NC't 
•.? 
‹.:14..',•C -7 1.--."4 ...- 
le 
,
__iiik,srm
.2f,..w.0...e.r000: . a 
% 
.. .• 
0.-K 
rr, I, Awnr• I A 
'')': 
IL it 
*. 
...
"
V
"
 "..
......
M
"
, 
- 
.- . 
. 
, - .,,,- 
&wises. 1,00•,../i7I F41,19 4.,..- -0 ,  • 
Ncrrlr;: Pr 
la" 
rm. 
• 
"-N.., 
,--'-'' 
..--;;;;Itt.
`-‘,_ 
Ct.% 
..0 ...- 
• 
c
..- 
‘"c4
/.
TAW/ CAT 
 tbre:Af.„AbAc e-i -.., 
•. • 
4,,,C. 
140- 7.ta 000, 1
7/ 
r 2 
•, 
/
'Nc..a.-s:), 
,il. -a 01 r 
&'.• 
h. r 
/rt 
e y 
tr 
e to 
5/ 
/1 y 
float' trb c /•t
, 
_.• 
et' 
II°, 
,,.... 
.000. Arc. 
4.
..,./ 
/4,,. ...,
199- 7917- WOO)
--
e"
teetment Air 'at, 
--/l
(00-nee.-7090/ 
•-".• 
192.7.747- 
s 
.rrre
„Ks, 
• 
- 
‹.`..- 
Wei
e' 
1 
,* ...0i 0' 
••," 
„...0 31,,,si - 
I 
rr 4
Peer*. 
/tw/ 
Ala C- .1- Arm 
Atm • 
19.-7.10.7 moo 
f." 
Arms* robrIe• 
9•6"S • 1R00 
I'r.• v 
, 
•re."-r; 
fag( so 4 
/9P lens e 
CanC•391. 
• 
Pion, Ay 
Aireamd.• 
IreerCar•90•In 
f/./tuas• 
/
I
S 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
AUGUST 2018 
ISLAND MAP WITH PRIVATE RESIDENCE SKETCH 
EFTA00809886
--- PAGE 7 ---
VEHICLES 
ACCESS 
VIP SUITE 
i 
SERVICE ACCESS 
• 
1: 500° 
METERS 
so 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
GENERAL LAYOUT - LEVEL 0 
AUGUST 2018 
EFTA00809887
--- PAGE 8 ---
SEA VIEW 
GUEST 
MAIDS 
AREA 
GUEST
:
GUEST 
LNING 
GUEST 
BUILDING 
 -• 
GUEST 
BATH 
BATH GUEST
:
ENTRANCE 
BUILDING 
DRESS 
• 
•• 
GUM) 
PALL 
:ICE
R
HALL 
- 
• 
PORCH 
MAIN 
BUILDING 
PRIVATE 
SALON 
ANTI 
- CHAMBER 
r--
PRIVATE 
ROOM 
• 
QM • •Iii• 
MASTER 
BEDROOM 
MASTER 
BATH.2 
r 
SEA 
1: 500° 
METERS 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
GENERAL LAYOUT - LEVEL 1 
AUGUST 2018 
EFTA00809888
--- PAGE 9 ---
wt. 
...••••• 
ors•••1  
.•••••••••,-.., 
".""te#Praga
l a
i
ces;lessai
13 I S 
‘RCNITECTURE 
HI
CRI
CURC 
Ie. uss on 4••••• V••••
1500.1 inan 
• [non 
ru. • a 'ml a 
a 
• w w • 3 • 
• • • • • " 
I BBBBBBB 
EFTA00809889

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809890.pdf
----------------------------------------
38I
S 
- 08/18 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
MOOD BOARDS ARCHITECTURE 
E 
EFTA00809890
--- PAGE 2 ---
- 0&18 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
MOOD BOARDS ARCHITECTURE 
' 
r ----- • 
EFTA00809891
--- PAGE 3 ---
- 08/18 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
MOOD BOARDS ARCHITECTURE 
*11 
EFTA00809892
--- PAGE 4 ---
3B
I S 
- 08/18 
VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATE RESIDENCE 
MOOD BOARDS ARCHITECTURE 
EFTA00809893
--- PAGE 5 ---
a 
I3 I S VIRGIN ISLAND PROJECT - PRIVATER 
MOOD BOARDS ARCHITECTURE 
:.7 
•••.. 
- 08/18 
EFTA00809894

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809895.pdf
----------------------------------------
3BIS architecture interieure 
18. rue des Cuatre-Vents 
75006 PARS 
FRANCE 
TEL .33 (0)1 45 49 49 89 E-Iv1AILsecretanat@3Eis.com 
fees proposal 
DATE 13(06/2018 
REF GSJ Project 
CLIENT Mr J. EPSTEIN 
PROJECT Master Planning and Architectural Concept 
SCOPE OF SERVICES 
BASED ON A BRIEF E-44AILS DATED 29 & 31 MAY 2018 
CONCERNED GREAT SAINT JAMES ISLAND 
CONCEPT DESIGN ISLAND MASTER PLAN 
ARCHITECTURAL CONCEPT DESIGN MAIN HOUSE 
CONCERNED AREA 
GREAT SAINT JAMES ISLAND 
MASTER PLAN 
MAIN RESIDENCE 
ALL LEVELS 
TERRACES, LANDSCAPE 
- 
- 
PHASES 
CONCEPT DESIGN 
PHASE 1 
1.1 ARCHITECTURAL STUDIES 
ISLAND 
• MASTER PLAN (SCALE (/2500) 
MAIN HOUSE AND ITS SURROUNDING ENVIRONMENT 
• MASTER PLAN (SCALE I/500) 
• FLOOR PLANS (SCALE 1/200) 
• MAIN SECTIONS AND ELEVATIONS (SCALE 1/200) 
• COLOUR FURNISHED PLANS (SCALE 1/200) 
• EXTERIORS 8 LANDSCAPING PRINCIPLES 
• TABLE OF SURFACES 
1.2 MOOD BOARDS 
• ISLAND PLANNING 8 LANDSCAPING PRINCIPLES 
• MAIN HOUSE ARCHITECTURAL PRINCIPLES 
• MAIN HOUSE EXTERIORS AND LANDSCAPE PRINCIPLES 
PHASE 2 
AFTER ARCHITECTURAL STUDIES APPROVAL 
1.3 3D RENDERINGS 
- AERIAL VIEW 
2- HOUSE VIEW A 
3-HOUSE VIEW B 
IV - VISITS 
NOT INCLUDED - ON CLIENT REQUEST 
3813 ARCHITECTURE INTERIEURE 
EFTA00809895
--- PAGE 2 ---
V FEES. TIME DELIVERY & RATES 
I • CONCEPT DESIGN PHASE 1 
• CONCEPT DESIGN PHASE 2 
TOTAL 
TO 6 WEEKS 
TO 6 WEEKS 
600008 
not included 
• 
COST ESTIMATIONS. BUDGET 
• 
INSURANCES (EXCEPT PUBLIC LIABILITY) 
• 
TRAVEL & ACCOMODATION CHARGES 
VI - PAYMENT 
TERMS OF PAYMENT 
INTERIOR DESIGN STUDIES 
PAYMENT #1 
MOBILIZATION 
30% 
18000E 
PAYMENT #2 
PAYMENT #3 
TOTAL 
CONCEPT DESIGN DELIVERY PHASE 1 
CONCEPT DESIGN DELIVERY PHASE 2 
70% 
70% 
000 
000 
60000 
EUROS (EXCL. VA7) WITH NO WITHHOLDING TAXES 
DATE • 
THE CLENT 
MIS ARCHITECTURE INTERIEURE 
sae au capital de 269 000 C 
TVA FR 31480688324 
SIRET 480 688 320 00009 
APE 7410Z 
3815 ARCHITECTURE INTERIEURE 
EFTA00809896

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809897.pdf
----------------------------------------
3BIS architecture interieure 
18. rue dos °wire-Vents 
75006 PARS 
FRANCE 
TEL .33 (011 45 49 49 89 E-MAILsecxelarial@3eis.com 
fees proposal 
DATE 141012019 
REF SJI 
CLIENT JE 
PROJECT LSJ GSJ Master Plan. Architecture. ID 
PHASE Exploratory Studies 
SCOPE OF SERVICES 
NON-EXHAUSTIVE REFLECTIONS AND EXPLORATORY STUDIES WHICH WILL LAY THE FOUNDATIONS FOR THE STUDIES OF 
THE VARIOUS PROJECTS RELATED TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE "LSG" AND "GSJ' ISLANDS. TOPICS INCLUDE MASTER 
PLAN. LANDSCAPE. ARCHITECTURE. INTERIOR ARCHITECTURE. DECORATION AND ANY OTHER ISSUES DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY RELATED TO THE PROJECT. 
II - CONCERNED AREA 
NON EXHAUSTIVE LIST 
THE ISLANDS 
• MASTER PLAN 
• LANSCAPES. GARDENS 
• ROADS. PATHS. ACCESSES 
• ETC. 
THE SITES 
• MAIN RESIDENCE (PERISTYLE COURT. GRAND 8 PETIT SALON. OBSERVATORY. GUEST SUITE. PAVILLONS. ETC...) 
• MASTER BEDROOM 8 BATHROOM 
• LIBRARY 
• VARIOUS OFFICES 
• SPA. GYM 
• GARDEN LOUNGES 
• GUEST VILLAS 
• SERVICES AREAS 
• ETC. 
II - PROVIDED SERVICES 
EXPLORATORY STUDIES 
THE PHASE COVERS A PERIOD OF 3 MONTHS AND INCLUDES THE FOLLOWING : 
1.1 BIMONTHLY NOTEBOOKS 
• GRAPHICS : SKETCHES. PLANS. ELEVATIONS. ETC. AS APPROPRIATE 
• REFERENCE PICTURES. PHOTOMONTAGES SIMULATIONS. MOODBOARDS. ... 
• ANY OTHER APPROPRIATE REPRESENTATION 
1.2 BIMONTHLY MEETINGS 
• CONFERENCE CALL. MEETING IN OUR PARIS OFFICES OR ABROAD... DEPENDING ON AVAILABILITIES 
1.3 FINAL BOOK 
• WILL INCLUDE ALL SELECTED STUDIES PRESENTED BY THEME 
IV - VISITS 
ON REQUEST 
3BIS ARCHITECTURE INTERIEURE 
EFTA00809897
--- PAGE 2 ---
V . FEES. TIME DEUVERY 8, RATES 
EXPLORATORY STUDY PHASE 
MONTHS 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
32000E 
96000 
not included 
• 
COST ESTIMATIONS. BUDGET 
• 
INSURANCES (EXCEPT PUBLIC LIABILITY) 
• 
TRAVEL 8 ACCOMODATION CHARGES 
VI - TERMS OF PAYMENT 
 a 
PAYMENT PH 
PAYMENT #2 
PAYMENT #3 
TOTAL 
MONTH ft 
MONTH 02 
MONTH 03 
30% 
70% 
70% 
320006 
320006 
320006 
000 
EUROS (EXCL. VAT) WITH NO WITHHOLDING TAXES 
DATE • 
THE CLIENT 
sae au capital de 269 000 
TVA FR 31480688324 
SIRET 480 688 324 00049 
APE 7410Z 
3BIS ARCHITECTURE INTERIEURE 
3BIS ARCHITECTURE INTERIEURE 
EFTA00809898

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809899.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-RBR 
CHAPTER 11 
INTERVENORS..,.., AND 
SUMMARY OF DAMAGES 
Intervenors M., M., and "I=I" 
(hereinafter "the Victims"), proceeding 
pseudonymously, having previously been allowed to intervene in this action, and having 
participated in the Court's hearings on these matters, and pursuant to this Court's order of August 
16, 2018, denying Epstein's motion to strike the victims' previously filed list of requested relief 
(DE 6427), now file this summary of their damages. 
The factual background related to this case has been summarized in previous documents, 
filed by the victims, Bradley J. Edwards, and the Farmer Jaffe law firm. See, e.g., DE 6382, 6393, 
6427. To avoid duplicative filings, the victims simply adopt by reference the factual background 
in their earlier-filed list of requested relief (DE 6393) as if set forth in full herein, as well as the 
factual background set forth in the earlier-referenced documents filed by Edwards and Farmer 
Jaffe. 
The victims now provide this summary of their damages, reserving their right to amend 
this summary as events develop and discovery proceeds in this case: 
1. Significant emotional distress damages, caused to the victims by the conduct of Epstein 
and his attorneys in violating this Court's order — e.g., by improperly retaining a copy of the 
victims' confidential materials and subsequently improperly distributing these materials. Epstein 
EFTA00809899
--- PAGE 2 ---
and his counsel have caused significant emotional distress to the victims though (among other 
things) creating fear about how he might use these documents and to whom he might distribute 
these documents. This distress was compounded by Epstein's sexual abuse if the victims and his 
subsequent history of abusive and harassing litigation tactics directed towards them. 
2. Attorneys' fees and related costs and expenses incurred in course of responding to the 
improper action of Epstein and his attorneys. 
3. All damages previously listed in the victims' list of requested relief (DE 6393). 
The victims request that the Court take all steps within its power to compensate the victims 
for the damages they have suffered, including but not limited to granting their requested relief (DE 
6393), and impose such other sanctions against Epstein and his attorneys as the Court may find 
just and proper. 
EFTA00809900
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served 
electronically to all registered users on the CM/ECF system, which includes counsel identified on 
the service list below, on this 21st day of August, 2018. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the undersigned attorney is appearing pro hac vice in this matter 
pursuant to court order dated this 21" day of August, 2018. 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
Salt Lake Cit UT 84112 
Telephone: 
(above for address/contact purposes only, not to 
imply institutional endorsement) 
By: /s/ Paul G. Cassell 
Paul G. Cassell (Utah Bar No. M) 
Pro Hac Vice 
-AND — 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that I am admitted to the Bar of the United State District Court for 
the Southern District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to 
practice in this court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
SHAPIRO LAW 
Plantation, Florida 33322 
Telephone: (954) 315-1157 
By: s/ Peter E. ha iro 
Peter E. Shapiro FBN 
) 
Attorneys for Intervenors.., M,  and 
EFTA00809901
--- PAGE 4 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Bradley J. Edwards FLBN 
Brittan N. Henderson FLBN 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Phone: (954)-524-2820 
Fax: 954 -524-2822 
Attorneys for Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
Jack Scarola, Escim 
Florida Bar No.: 
David P. Vitale, Jr. Es 
Florida Bar No.: 
Attorney E-Mails: 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Link &Rockenbach P.A. 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Chad P. Pugatch, Esq. 
Rice Pu atch Robinson Storfer & Cohen, PLLC 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00809902
--- PAGE 5 ---
Niall T. McLachlan 
Carlton Fields Jorden Burt P.A. 
Miami FL 33131 
Counsel for Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
Isaac M. Marcushamer 
Ber er Sin erman LLPO 
Miami. FL 33131 
Counsel for Litigating Trustee 
EFTA00809903

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809904.pdf
----------------------------------------
SR Technics 2,
MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENT ITEM PERFORMANCE LIST 
28.04.2017 
REGISTRATION: VP-BAT 
TYPE: B747 
TOT FLIGHT HOURS: 68763 
SUBTYPE: SP-21 
TOT AIRCRAFT CYCLE: 10366 
SERIAL NUMBER: 21648 
DATE OF CUSTOMER ACCEPTANCE: 13.05.2015 
AIRLINE: WORLDWIDE AVIATION 
REVISION tt: 11.2 
VALID FROM: 07.04.2016 
EFTA00809904
--- PAGE 2 ---
VP-BAT 
30.03.1979 
Task Number 
/ 68,763 FH / 10.366 CY / 13.909 DT 
EM 
Task list description 
SignTc InN.Ltr 
FH 
CY Time Limit ime Cha:H ThreshCY Thresh( Time Thres Inst. Lkni Inst. Char 
FH Last 
CY Last 
FH ToGo 
CY ToGo 
DT ToGo 
DI ToGo 
Date Inst. 
LastPortDa 
Last Noti 
NextDueDat 
1-1000101A 
1.1000101A EXTERIOR SAFETY ITEMS 
PFC 
1-1000201A 
1.1000201A INTERIOR SAFETY ITEMS 
PFC 
1-24001011A 
1-24001011A NO. 1 CSD OIL LEVEL 
PFC 
1-24001012A 
1-24001012A NO. 2 CSD OIL LEVEL 
PFC 
1-24001013A 
1-24001013A NO. 3 CSD OIL LEVEL 
PFC 
1-24001014A 
1-24001014A NO. 4 CSD OIL LEVEL 
PFC 
1-2500101A 
1-2500101A PASSENGER CABIN FURNISHINGS 
PFC 
1-2500201 
1-2500201 PASSENGER EMERGENCY EQUIPMENT 
PFC 
1-2500301 
1-2500301 CONTROL CABIN EQUIPMENT 
PFC 
1-2500401 
1-2500401 CONTROL CABIN EMERGENCY EQUIP 
PFC 
1-2800101A 
1-2800101A FUEL SUMPS AND DRAINS 
PFC 
1-2800102A 
1-2800102A CHECK FUEL SUMP AND DRAIN 
PFC 
1-2800201A 
1-2800201A FUEL SYSTEMS 
PFC 
1-2900101A 
1-2900101A HYDRAULIC SYSTEM INDICATORS 
PFC 
1.3100101 
1-3100101 CONTROL CABIN INSTRUMENTS AND 
PFC 
1-3100102A 
1-3100102A ENGINEERS PANEL AND INSTRUME 
PFC 
1-3200101A 
1-3200101A LANDING GEAR AND WHEELWELLS 
A 
PFC 
1-3300101 
1-3300101 EXTERIOR LIGHTING 
PFC 
1-3300201 
1-3300201 EXT NAV AND EMERGENCY LIGHTIN 
PFC 
1-5300101A 
1-5300101A FUSELAGE EXTERIOR WALK-ROUND 
PFC 
1-5300201A 
1-5300201A FUSELAGE OPENINGS AND FIXTUR 
PFC 
1-5400101 
1-5400101 PYLON ALIGNMENT MARKS 
PFC 
1-5500101A 
1-5500101A EMPENNAGE EXTERIOR 
PFC 
1-5600101 
1-5600101 CONTROL CABIN WINDOWS 
PFC 
1-57001011A 
1-57001011A LEFT WING SURFACES 
PFC 
1.57001012A 
1-57001012A RIGHT WING SURFACES 
PFC 
1.71001011A 
1-71001011A NO. 1 POWERPLANT AND NACELL 
PFC 
1.71001012A 
1.71001012A NO. 2 POWERPLANT AND NACELL 
PFC 
1.71001013A 
1-71001013A NO. 3 POWERPLANT AND NACELL 
PFC 
1.71001014A 
1-71001014A NO. 4 POWERPLANT AND NACELL 
PFC 
1.71002011A 
1-71002011A ENGINE NO 1 OIL LEVEL 
PFC 
1.71002012A 
1.71002012A ENGINE NO 2 OIL LEVEL 
PFC 
1.71002013A 
1.71002013A ENGINE NO 3 OIL LEVEL 
PFC 
1-71002014A 
1-71002014A ENGINE NO 4 OIL LEVEL 
PFC 
1-9900101A 
1-9900101A AIRPLANE READINESS 
PFC 
2-0000101 
A/C INCOMING PREP 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-00002011 
#1 ENGINE COWLING 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-00002012 
#2 ENGINE COWLING 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-00002013 
#3 ENGINE COWLING 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-00002014 
#4 ENGINE COWLING 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2.2089301 
#1 ENGINE EWIS INSPECTION 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106184 
23.05.2017 
2.2089301 
#2 ENGINE EWIS INSPECTION 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106184 
23.05.2017 
2.2089301 
#3 ENGINE EWIS INSPECTION 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106184 
23.05.2017 
2.2089301 
#4 ENGINE EWIS INSPECTION 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106184 
23.05.2017 
2.2089501 
#4 ENGINE COWL EWIS INSPECTION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.726 
10.347 
02.07.2016 323938600 23.05.2017 
2.2089501 
#3 ENGINE COWL EWIS INSPECTION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.726 
10.347 
02.07.2016 323938600 23.05.2017 
2.2089501 
#2 ENGINE COWL EWIS INSPECTION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.726 
10.347 
02.07.2016 323938600 23.05.2017 
2-2089501 
#1 ENGINE COWL EWIS INSPECTION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.726 
10.347 
02.07.2016 323938600 23.05.2017 
2-2100101 
AIR CONDITIONING BAY 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-2100201 
AIR CYCLE MACHINE 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-2100302 
2-2100302 AIR RECIRC FAN SCREENS/FILTERS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2100303 
AIR RECIRCULATING FANS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2100401 
WATER SEPERATOR COALESCER BAGS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2100601 
TRIM AIR SHUTOFF VALVES 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2100701 
PRESSURIZATION OUTFLOW VALVES 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2100702 
PRESSURIZATION OUTFLOW VALVE 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2.2100901 
CABIN PRESSURE CONTROL PANEL 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-2101101 
E&E EQUIPMENT COOLING INLET SCREENS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2101102 
EQUIPMENT COOLING SYSTEM 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2101201 
AFT CARGO HEAT OVERIDE CONTROL 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2300101 
PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEM 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2300201 
VOICE RECORDER 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2400101 
STATIC INVERTER 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-2400201 
MAIN BATTERY CONDITION CHECK 
COMP 
120 
DI 
444 
187 
08.02.2017 
03.02.2017 323307979 07.06.2017 
2-24003011 
#1 ENGINE CSDADG OIL FILTER INDICATOR 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-24003012 
#2 ENGINE CSD/IDG OIL FILTER INDICATOR 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-24003013 
#3 ENGINE CSD/IDG OIL FILTER INDICATOR 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-24003014 
#4 ENGINE CSD/IDG OIL FILTER INDICATOR 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-2400501 
AC ESSENTIAL BUS POWER SOURCE SELEC 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
EFTA00809905
--- PAGE 3 ---
2-2500101 
CONTROL CABIN 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-2500301A 
PASSENGER CABIN 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-2500401 
LAVATORY FIRE EXTINGUISHERS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-2500401B 
LAVATORY WASTE COMPARTMENT ACCESS DOORS A 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 
324106112 23.05.2017 
2-2500501A 
EMERGENCY EVACUATION SYSTEMS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 
324106112 23.05.2017 
2-2500601A 
GALLEY SINK DRAIN STRAINERS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-2500701A 
GALLEY AIR FILTERS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-2500801A 
GALLEY WATER FILTERS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-2500901A 
FORWARD CARGO COMPARTMENT 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-2500902 
AFT CARGO COMPARTMENT 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-2501001A 
CARGO RESTRAINT SYSTEM 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-2501101A 
ELECTRONICS COMPARTMENT 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-27001011A 
LEFT WING AILERONS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-27001012A 
RIGHT WING AILERONS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-27003011 
LEFT HAND ELEVATOR 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-27003012 
RIGHT HAND ELEVATOR 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-2700401 
STABILIZER CONTROL SYSTEM 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-27005011A 
LEFT WING TRAILING EDGE FLAPS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-27005012A 
RIGHT WING TRAILING EDGE FLAPS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-27005031A 
LEFT WING TRAILING EDGE FLAPS - OB 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-27005032A 
RIGHT WING TRAILING EDGE FLAPS - OB 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-27005051A 
LEFT WING TRAILING EDGE FLAP INBOARD 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-27005052A 
RIGHT WING TRAILING EDGE FLAP INBOARD 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-27006011 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE FLAPS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-27006012 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE FLAPS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-27007011 
LEFT HAND SPOILERS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-27007012 
RIGHT HAND SPOILERS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-27007021 
SPOILER UNITS IN LEFT WHEEL WELL 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-27007022 
SPOILER UNITS IN RIGHT WHEEL WELL 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-27008011 
LEFT UE FLAP DRIVE UNITS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-27008012 
RIGHT LIE FLAP DRIVE UNITS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-2800101 
FUEL TANK VALVES 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-28002011 
LEFT WING FUEL TANK MICROBIAL GROWTH 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2.28002012 
R/H WING TK FUEL MICROBIAL GROWTH 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.2800301 
FUEL JETTISON SYSTEM 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.28006011 
ENGINE FUEL SHUTOFF VALVES 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-29001011 
HYDRAULIC FILTER INDICATORS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-29001012 
HYDRAULIC FILTER INDICATORS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-29002011 
HYDRAULIC SYSTEM FILTERS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-29002012 
HYDRAULIC SYSTEM FILTERS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-29004011 
AIR DRIVEN HYDRAULIC PUMP OIL LEVEL 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-29004012 
AIR DRIVEN HYDRAULIC PUMP OIL LEVEL 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-3000101 
PITOT STATIC & TEMP PROBE HEATERS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
-180 
24.03.2017 324832016 30.10.2016 
2-30002011 
WING ANTI-ICE VALVE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-30002012 
WING ANTI-ICE VALVES 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-3100101 
FLIGHT DATA ACQUISITION UNIT 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-3100201 
FLIGHT RECORDER SYSTEM 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-3200101 
NOSE LANDING GEAR 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
-300 
24.03.2017 324831665 02.07.2016 
2-3200201 
LEFT BODY LANDING GEAR 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
-300 
24.03.2017 324831694 
02.07.2016 
2-3200202 
RIGHT BODY LANDING GEAR 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
-300 
24.03.2017 324831695 02.07.2016 
2-3200301 
LUBRICATE LEFT WING LANDING GEAR 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
-300 
24.03.2017 324831701 02.07.2016 
2-3200302 
LUBRICATE RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
-300 
24.03.2017 324831706 02.07.2016 
2-3200401 
LEFT WING GEAR SUPPORT BEAM 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
-300 
24.03.2017 324832007 02.07.2016 
2-3200402 
RIGHT WING GEAR SUPPORT BEAM 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
-300 
24.03.2017 324832008 02.07.2016 
2-32005011 
NOSE WHEEL WELL & DOORS. 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32005012 
LEFT WING WHEEL WELL & DOORS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32005013 
RIGHT WING WHEEL WELL & DOORS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32005014 
LEFT BODY WHEEL WELL & DOORS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32005015 
RIGHT BODY WHEEL WELL & DOORS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32006011 
NOSE LANDING GEAR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32006012A 
LEFT WING LANDING GEAR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32006013A 
RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32006014A 
LH BODY LANDING GEAR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32006015A 
RH BODY LANDING GEAR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32007011 
NOSE LANDING GEAR WHEELS & TYRES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32007012 
LEFT WING GEAR WHEELS & TYRES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32007013 
RIGHT WING GEAR WHEELS & TYRES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32007014 
LEFT BODY GEAR WHEELS & TYRES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32007015 
RIGHT BODY GEAR WHEELS & TYRES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-3200801 
BRAKE ACCUMULATOR PRECHARGE 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32009011 
RIGHT BODY WHEEL WELL BRAKE SURGE ACCUM 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32009012 
RIGHT WING WHEEL WELL BRAKE SURGE ACCUM 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-32009013 
LEFT WING WHEEL WELL BRAKE SURGE ACCUMU 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-3300101 
CONTROL CABIN LIGHTING 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-3400401 
GROUND PROXIMITY WARNING SYSTEM 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-3500101 
PORTABLE OXYGEN BOTTLES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
EFTA00809906
--- PAGE 4 ---
2-3500201 
OXYGEN SYSTEMS - CHECK 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-3600301 
WING AIR ISOLATION VALVES 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-36004011 
#1 ENGINE PNEUMATIC PRESS RELIEF VALVE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-36004012 
#2 ENGINE PNEUMATIC PRESS RELIEF VALVE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-36004013 
#3 ENGINE PNEUMATIC PRESS RELIEF VALVE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-36004014 
#4 ENGINE PNEUMATIC PRESS RELIEF VALVE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-36005011 
#1 ENGINE PYLON SHUTOFF VALVE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-36005012 
#2 ENGINE PYLON SHUTOFF VALVE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-36005013 
#3 ENGINE PYLON SHUTOFF VALVE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-36005014 
#4 ENGINE PYLON SHUTOFF VALVE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-4900101 
APU COMPARTMENT 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-4900201 
APU FIRE EXTINGUISHER DISCHARGE 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-4900301 
APU FIRE EXTINGUISHER CIRCUITS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-4900401 
APU TURBINE CONTROL 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-4900501 
APU BATTERY CONDITION CHECK 
COMP 
120 
DI 
121 
08.02.2017 
03.02.2017 323744543 07.06.2017 
2-4901101 
APU OIL LEVEL-DIPSTICK CHECK 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-4901201 
APU THERMOCOUPLE HARNESS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.4901301 
APU STARTER BRUSHES 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2.4901401 
APU OIL CHIP DETECTOR 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.4901501 
APU OIL - DRAINIFILL 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.4901601 
APU MAIN OIL FILTER 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-4901701 
APU FUEL SYSTEM 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.4901801 
APU IGNITER PLUG 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.4901901 
APU INSTALLATION 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.4902001 
APU EXHAUST DUCT 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.4902101 
APU INLET AREA 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-4902201 
APU ENGINE HOT SECTION 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-4902301 
APU COOLING AIR FAN 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-5200101A 
MAIN DECK ENTRY DOORS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-5200201 
AFT CARGO COMPARTMENT DOORS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-5200202 
FORWARD CARGO COMPARTMENT DOORS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-5200301 
DOOR WARNING SYSTEM LIGHTS 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-5300101 
FUSELAGE EXTERIOR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-5300201 
FUSELAGE EXTERNAL WATER DRAINS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-5500101 
EMPENNAGE EXTERIOR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 
324106112 23.05.2017 
2-57001011 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE FLAPS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 
324106112 23.05.2017 
2-57001012 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE FLAPS 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-57002011 
LEFT WING SURFACES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-57002012 
RIGHT WING SURFACES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-57003011 
LEFT WING FLIGHT DEVICES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-57003012 
RIGHT WING FLIGHT DEVICES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-71001011 
#1 ENGINE & NACELLE EXTERIOR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-71001012 
#2 ENGINE & NACELLE EXTERIOR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71001013 
#3 ENGINE & NACELLE EXTERIOR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71001014 
#4 ENGINE & NACELLE EXTERIOR 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71002011 
#1 ENGINE INLET AREA 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71002012 
#2 ENGINE INLET AREA 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71002013 
#3 ENGINE INLET AREA 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71002014 
#4 ENGINE INLET AREA 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71003011 
#1 ENGINE FAN SHROUD SURFACES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71003012 
#2 ENGINE FAN SHROUD SURFACES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71003013 
#3 ENGINE FAN SHROUD SURFACE 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71003014 
#4 ENGINE FAN SHROUD SURFACES 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2.71006011 
#1 ENGINE - CHECK 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2.71006012 
#2 ENGINE - CHECK 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-71006013 
#3 ENGINE - CHECK 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-71006014 
#4 ENGINE - CHECK 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72001011 
#1 ENGINE MAIN OIL FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-72001012 
#2 ENGINE MAIN OIL FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-72001013 
#3 ENGINE MAIN OIL FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-72001014 
#4 ENGINE MAIN OIL FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-72002011 
#1 ENGINE FAN BLADES 
A 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72002012 
#2 ENGINE FAN BLADES 
A 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72002013 
#3 ENGINE FAN BLADES 
A 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72002014 
#4 ENGINE FAN BLADES 
A 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72003011 
#1 ENGINE SECOND STAGE COMPRESSOR AIRFO 
600 
68.395 
10.129 
232 
25.04.2015 319769718 05.10.2017 
2-72003012 
#2 ENGINE SECOND STAGE COMPRESSOR AIRFO 
600 
68.395 
10.129 
152 
19.05.2015 319769719 09.05.2017 
2-72003013 
#3 ENGINE SECOND STAGE COMPRESSOR AIRFO 
600 
68.395 
10.129 
152 
19.05.2015 319769720 09.05.2017 
2-72003014 
#4 ENGINE SECOND STAGE COMPRESSOR AIRFO 
600 
68.395 
10.129 
152 
19.05.2015 319769721 09.05.2017 
2-72005011A 
#1 ENGINE SUMP MAGNETIC CHIP DETECTORS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72005012A 
#2 ENGINE SUMP MAGNETIC CHIP DETECTORS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72005013A 
#3 ENGINE SUMP MAGNETIC CHIP DETECTORS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72005014A 
#4 ENGINE SUMP MAGNETIC CHIP DETECTORS 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72008011A 
#1 ENGINE TURBINE EXHAUST CASE R & S FL 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72008012A 
#2 ENGINE TURBINE EXHAUST CASE R & S FL 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72008013A 
#3 ENGINE TURBINE EXHAUST CASE R & S FL 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
EFTA00809907
--- PAGE 5 ---
2-72008014A 
#4 ENGINE TURBINE EXHAUST CASE R & S FL 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-72009011 
#1 ENGINE COMBUSTION SECTION 
600 
68.395 
10.129 
232 
25.04.2015 319769730 05.10.2017 
2-72009012 
#2 ENGINE COMBUSTION SECTION . 
600 
68.395 
10.129 
152 
19.05.2015 319769731 09.05.2017 
2-72009013 
#3 ENGINE COMBUSTION SECTION 
600 
68.395 
10.129 
152 
19.05.2015 319769732 09.05.2017 
2-72009014 
#4 ENGINE COMBUSTION SECTION 
600 
68.395 
10.129 
152 
19.05.2015 319769733 09.05.2017 
2-72010011 
#1 ENGINE FRONT COMPRESSOR INLET GUIDE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2.72010012 
#2 ENGINE FRONT COMPRESSOR INLET GUIDE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2.72010013 
#3 ENGINE FRONT COMPRESSOR INLET GUIDE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.72010014 
#4 ENGINE FRONT COMPRESSOR INLET GUIDE 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2.72011011 
#1 ENGINE LOW PRESSURE TURBINE BLADES 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2.72011012 
#2 ENGINE LOW PRESSURE TURBINE BLADES 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-72011013 
#3 ENGINE LOW PRESSURE TURBINE BLADES 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-72011014 
#4 ENGINE LOW PRESSURE TURBINE BLADES 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-73002011 
#1 ENGINE FUEL HEATER AIR SHUTOFF VALVE 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-73002012 
#2 ENGINE FUEL HEATER AIR SHUTOFF VALVE 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-73002013 
#3 ENGINE FUEL HEATER AIR SHUTOFF VALVE 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-73002014 
#4 ENGINE FUEL HEATER AIR SHUTOFF VALVE 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-73003021 
#1 ENGINE FUEL CONTROL MAIN FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-73003022 
#2 ENGINE FUEL CONTROL MAIN FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-73003023 
#3 ENGINE FUEL CONTROL MAIN FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-73003024 
#4 ENGINE FUEL CONTROL MAIN FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-73004011 
#1 ENGINE FUEL PUMP FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-73004012 
#2 ENGINE FUEL PUMP FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-73004013 
#3 ENGINE FUEL PUMP FILTER 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-73004014 
#4 ENGINE FUEL PUMP FILTER - CLEAN 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-74002011 
#1 ENGINE IGNITER PLUG 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-74002012 
#2 ENGINE IGNITER PLUG 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-74002013 
#3 ENGINE IGNITER PLUG 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-74002014 
#4 ENGINE IGNITER PLUG - CHECK 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-76001011 
#1 ENGINE FUEL CONDITION CONTROL MOTOR 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-76001012 
#2 ENGINE FUEL CONDITION CONTROL MOTOR 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-76001013 
#3 ENGINE FUEL CONDITION CONTROL MOTOR 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-76001014 
#4 ENGINE FUEL CONDITION CONTROL MOTOR 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-78001011 
#1 ENGINE EXHAUST AREA 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-78001012 
#2 ENGINE EXHAUST AREA 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 
324106112 23.05.2017 
2-78001013 
#3 ENGINE EXHAUST AREA 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 
324106112 23.05.2017 
2-78001014 
#4 ENGINE EXHAUST AREA 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-78002011 
#1 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-78002012 
#2 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-78002013 
#3 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-78002014 
#4 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-78004011 
#1 THRUST REVERSER OIL LEVEL 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-78004012 
#2 THRUST REVERSER OIL LEVEL 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-78004013 
#3 THRUST REVERSER OIL LEVEL 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-78004014 
#4 THRUST REVERSER OIL LEVEL 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-78006011A 
#1 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-78006012A 
#2 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-327 
09.10.2015 322302008 05.06.2016 
2-78006013A 
#3 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-78006014A 
#4 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER 
4A 
240 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-180 
04.03.2016 322788665 30.10.2016 
2-79006011A 
#1 ENGINE, #3 & #4 COMPARTMENT CHIP DET 
A 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-79006012A 
#2 ENGINE, #3 & #4 COMPARTMENT CHIP DET 
A 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-79006013A 
#3 ENGINE, #3 & #4 COMPARTMENT CHIP DET 
A 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-79006014A 
#4 ENGINE, #3 & #4 COMPARTMENT CHIP DET 
A 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-80001011A 
#1 ENGINE STARTER MAGNETIC CHIP DETECT 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-80001012A 
#2 ENGINE STARTER MAGNETIC CHIP DETECT 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-80001013A 
#3 ENGINE STARTER MAGNETIC CHIP DETECT 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-80001014A 
#4 ENGINE STARTER MAGNETIC CHIP DETECT 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-80002011 
#1 ENGINE STARTER OIL 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-80002012 
#2 ENGINE STARTER OIL 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-80002013 
#3 ENGINE STARTER OIL 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-80002014 
#4 ENGINE STARTER OIL 
6A 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302009 03.10.2016 
2-80002021 
#1 ENGINE STARTER OIL LEVEL 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-80002022 
#2 ENGINE STARTER OIL LEVEL 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-80002023 
#3 ENGINE STARTER OIL LEVEL 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-80002024 
#4 ENGINE STARTER OIL LEVEL 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
2-99001011 
CLOSE ENGINE #1 COWLING 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-99001012 
CLOSE ENGINE #2 COWLING 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-99001013 
CLOSE ENGINE #3 COWLING 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-99001014 
CLOSE ENGINE #4 COWLING 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
2-9900201A 
AFTER A CHECK 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
21310110C 
21310110C CABIN PRESSURE CONTROLLER 
NT 
21510110C 
PACK FLOW CONTROL & SHUT - OFF VALVE. 
COMP 6.000 
5.173 
03.12.2013 
27.11.2013 321138693 24.10.2042 
21510110C 
PACK FLOW CONTROL & SHUT - OFF VALVE. 
COMP 6.000 
2.785 
02.09.1999 
13.11.1997 316809603 
14.09.2030 
21510110C 
PACK FLOW CONTROL & SHUT - OFF VALVE. 
COMP 6.000 
3.109 
19.12.2002 
11.12.1996 316809604 
06.05.2032 
21510120C 
HEAT EXCHANGER 
COMP 
1.275 
-88 
26.04.2004 
29.03.2004 
316747387 
14.10.2015 
21510120C 
HEAT EXCHANGER 
COMP 
1.275 
2.798 
1.400 
814 
01.09.2013 
29.07.2013 316755298 27.12.2023 
EFTA00809908
--- PAGE 6 ---
21510120C 
HEAT EXCHANGER 
COMP 
1.275 
814 
07.08.2013 
18.09.2013 321104019 27.12.2023 
21510130C 
AIR CYCLE MACHINE 
COMP 10.000 
-58,532 
11.05.2015 
15.09.2014 
316755378 25.10.1719 
21510130C 
AIR CYCLE MACHINE 
COMP 10.000 
7.381 
31.05.2004 
26.05.2004 
316747340 03.01.2054 
21510190C-01 
MASTER TRIM AIR VALVE 
COMP 3.000 
-229 
12.08.1999 
28.04.1999 
316747339 04.06.2015 
21510190C-02 
MASTER TRIM AIR VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
4.771 
12.08.1999 
28.04.1999 
316747338 09.10.2040 
21620130C 
21620130C RAM AIR EXHAUST & INLET ACTUA 
NT 
221101500 
ACCESSORY BOX 
COMP 24.000 
22.527 
03.03.2011 
18.02.2011 318104105 20.10.2130 
221102900 
MODE SELECT PANEL. 
COMP 
YT 
-1.170 
27.12.2013 
20.06.2013 316755380 
12.02.2014 
22110310C 
221103100 LANDING CONTROL & LOGIC UNIT 
NT 
22110330C 
22110330C LATERAL ACCELEROMETER 
NT 
22140110C 
AUTOMATIC STABILISER TRIM UNIT 
COMP 24.000 
702 
344 
23.064 
30.01.2013 
28.11.2012 319976323 
10.07.2133 
22160110C 
221601100 YAW DAMPER COMPUTER & CALIBRA 
NT 
22310110C 
223101100 AUTO THROTTLE COMPUTER 
NT 
23110110C 
231101100 HF TRANSCEIVER 
NT 
23710110C 
VOICE RECORDER 
COMP 
2.190 
DT 
733 
16.09.2013 
01.01.2008 316746774 
30.04.2019 
24110110C 
CONSTANT SPEED DRIVE 
COMP 9.000 
7.589 
04.04.2014 
30.12.2006 316809595 23.01.2055 
24110110C 
CONSTANT SPEED DRIVE 
COMP 9.000 
-66,869 
01.10.2012 
09.07.2001 316809596 
18.07.1677 
24110110C 
CONSTANT SPEED DRIVE 
COMP 9.000 
-56,445 
18.05.2015 
04.08.1999 
316809597 
25.05.1730 
24210110C 
24210110C GENERATOR - ENGINE 
NT 
24210120C 
24210120C GENERATOR - APU 
NT 
24270110C 
ESSENTIAL POWER FAILURE RELAY R79 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
24290120C 
INVERTER CONTROL RELAY R86 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
24310130C 
MAIN BATTERY CHARGER CHECK 
COMP 8.000 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
24.08.2010 
24.08.2010 316747379 01.05.2049 
243105000 
BATTERY RELAY R56 WORKSHOP CHECK 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-250 
18.08.2010 
27.07.2010 316747381 20.08.2016 
243105000 
BATTERY RELAY R56 WORKSHOP CHECK 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-250 
18.08.2010 
22.02.2010 316747382 20.08.2016 
24310510C 
BATTERY BUS TRANS RELAY R55 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-250 
18.08.2010 
27.07.2010 316747381 20.08.2016 
24310510C 
BATTERY BUS TRANS RELAY R55 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-250 
18.08.2010 
22.02.2010 316747382 20.08.2016 
24330520C 
AUX STANDBY POWER RELAY R82 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-250 
18.08.2010 
10.08.2010 316747380 20.08.2016 
251104000 
CAPTAIN AND FIRST OFFICER SEATS 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.752 
877 
7.152 
902 
18.10.2013 
27.09.2013 316861246 
16.10.2019 
251104000 
CAPTAIN AND FIRST OFFICER SEATS 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.752 
877 
7.152 
902 
18.10.2013 
27.09.2013 316861244 
16.10.2019 
25250110C 
PAX SEATS VISUAL CHECK 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
25610110C 
25610110C FLT CREW ESCAPE DESCENT DEVIC 
COMP 
25610111C 
25610111C FLT CREW ESCAPE DESCENT DEVIC 
COMP 
256200500 
LIFEJACKETS (INCLUDING INFANTS) 
NT 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
256200900 
AIRCRAFT FIRST AID KIT 
DT 
68.595 
10.269 
25.01.2016 323419885 
256201000 
EMERGENCY MEDICAL KIT 
DT 
68.595 
10.269 
25.01.2016 323419909 
25620140C 
SURVIVAL PACK 
COMP 
YT 
1.290 
02.12.2015 
09.11.2015 323555949 07.11.2020 
25620140C 
SURVIVAL PACK 
COMP 
YT 
1.290 
02.12.2015 
09.11.2015 323555950 07.11.2020 
25620140C 
SURVIVAL PACK 
COMP 
YT 
1.290 
02.12.2015 
09.11.2015 323555948 07.11.2020 
25620140C 
SURVIVAL PACK 
COMP 
YT 
838 
27.08.2014 
14.08.2014 
322059595 
13.08.2019 
25620140C 
SURVIVAL PACK 
COMP 
YT 
621 
22.01.2014 
09.01.2014 
321295998 08.01.2019 
25620140C 
SURVIVAL PACK 
COMP 
YT 
621 
22.01.2014 
09.01.2014 
321295999 08.01.2019 
25620140C 
SURVIVAL PACK 
COMP 
YT 
286 
08.04.2013 
08.02.2013 320455525 07.02.2018 
25630110C 
256301100 SURVIVAL BEACON BATTERY CHANG 
COMP 
25680110C 
ESCAPE SLIDE UPPER DECK RH 
COMP 
1.095 
DT 
548 
366 
171 
12.12.2014 
16.10.2014 
322330394 
15.10.2017 
256801200.02 
STORED GAS BOTTLE-UPPER DECK DOOR SLIDE. 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
4.777 
09.10.2015 
01.06.2006 321048345 26.05.2030 
25690110C 
SLIDE RAFT DOOR 2 LH 
COMP 
1.095 
DT 
156 
14.01.2015 
01.10.2014 
322426443 30.09.2017 
25690110C 
SLIDE RAFT DOOR 2 RH 
COMP 
1.095 
DT 
471 
338 
172 
11.12.2014 
17.10.2014 
316807281 
16.10.2017 
25690110C 
SLIDE RAFT DOOR 3 RH 
COMP 
1.095 
DT 
488 
346 
226 
12.12.2014 
10.12.2014 
322330399 09.12.2017 
25690110C 
SLIDE RAFT DOOR 4 RH 
COMP 
1.095 
DT 
359 
183 
246 
12.05.2015 
30.12.2014 
316755308 29A 2.2017 
25690110C 
SLIDE RAFT DOOR 3 LH 
COMP 
1.095 
DT 
289 
13.05.2015 
11.02.2015 322862448 
10.02.2018 
256901100 
SLIDE RAFT DOOR 1 LH 
COMP 
1.095 
DT 
579 
328 
400 
18.06.2015 
02.06.2015 316755309 01.06.2018 
25690110C 
SLIDE RAFT DOOR 4 LH 
COMP 
1.095 
DT 
622 
267 
612 
25.02.2016 
31.12.2015 323736978 30.12.2018 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
1.066 
12.05.2015 
01.04.2005 322791557 28.03.2020 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
1.066 
18.06.2015 
01.04.2005 322911400 28.03.2020 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
1.066 
12.05.2015 
01.04.2005 322791559 
28.03.2020 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
1.066 
18.06.2015 
01.04.2005 322911398 28.03.2020 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
1.675 
13.05.2015 
01.12.2006 322854130 27.11.2021 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
1.675 
13.05.2015 
01.12.2006 322854121 27.11.2021 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
1.765 
12.12.2014 
01.03.2007 316798654 
25.02.2022 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
1.765 
12.12.2014 
01.03.2007 316798666 25.02.2022 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
2.468 
11.12.2014 
01.02.2009 322330380 29.01.2024 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
2.468 
11.12.2014 
01.02.2009 322330378 29.01.2024 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
4.536 
14.01.2015 
01.10.2014 
322399363 27.09.2029 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
4.962 
25.02.2016 
01.12.2015 323736969 
27.11.2030 
25690130C-02 
RESERVOIR DOOR 
COMP 
5.475 
DT 
4.962 
25.02.2016 
01.12.2015 323736973 27.11.2030 
26150110C 
APU FIRE CONTROL MODULE/SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
06.08.2010 316747425 21.08.2016 
26150110C 
APU FIRE CONTROL MODULE/SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-248 
20.08.2010 
06.08.2010 316747422 22.08.2016 
26150110C 
APU FIRE CONTROL MODULE/SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
06.08.2010 316747424 
21.08.2016 
26150110C 
APU FIRE CONTROL MODULE/SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-209 
28.09.2010 
23.09.2010 316859132 30.09.2016 
261501100 
APU FIRE CONTROL MODULE/SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-209 
28.09.2010 
23.09.2010 316859133 30.09.2016 
26160130C 
SMOKE DETECTOR (RADIO COOLING) 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.632 
377 
11.05.2015 
01.01.1900 316756695 09.05.2018 
26170120C 
WHEEL WELL FIRE DETECTION CARD 
COMP 8.000 
2.190 
DT 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-274 
19.08.2010 
29.07.2010 316859134 
27.07.2016 
26210110C 
ENG CONTROL MODULES & FIRE SWITCHES 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-209 
28.09.2010 
23.09.2010 316859133 30.09.2016 
26210110C 
ENG CONTROL MODULES & FIRE SWITCHES 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-209 
28.09.2010 
23.09.2010 316859132 30.09.2016 
26210110C 
ENG CONTROL MODULES & FIRE SWITCHES 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
06.08.2010 316747425 21.08.2016 
EFTA00809909
--- PAGE 7 ---
262101100 
ENG CONTROL MODULES & FIRE SWITCHES 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
06.08.2010 316747424 
21.08.2016 
262101100 
ENG CONTROL MODULES & FIRE SWITCHES 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-248 
20.08.2010 
06.08.2010 316747422 22.08.2016 
262101600 
ENG 2 OB FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
386 
07.09.2010 
20.05.2008 316746771 
18.05.2018 
262101600 
ENG 1 OB FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
401 
07.09.2010 
04.06.2008 316746800 02.06.2018 
262101600 
ENG 1 IB FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
401 
07.09.2010 
04.06.2008 316746801 02.06.2018 
262101600 
ENG 2 IB FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
1.039 
02.11.2011 
04.03.2010 318413754 
01.03.2020 
262101600 
ENG 4 OB FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
2.138 
04.10.2015 
07.03.2013 323274076 05.03.2023 
262101600 
ENG 4 IB FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
2.138 
04.10.2015 
07.03.2013 323274077 05.03.2023 
262101600 
ENG 3 OB FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
2.138 
30.09.2015 
07.03.2013 323274078 05.03.2023 
262101600 
ENG 3 IB FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
2.138 
30.09.2015 
07.03.2013 323274075 05.03.2023 
262200100 
APU FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE. 
COMP 
YT 
1.036 
07.09.2010 
01.03.2010 316746799 
27.02.2020 
262201200 
APU FIRE EXTG BOTTLE SWITCH. 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.152 
-222 
19.09.2013 
18.04.2006 321093438 
17.09.2016 
262300100 
LWR CARGO FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
2.045 
01.08.2013 
04.12.2012 321103998 02.12.2022 
262300100 
LWR CARGO FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
2.016 
01.08.2013 
05.11.2012 321104208 03.11.2022 
262300100 
LWR CARGO FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
2.016 
01.08.2013 
05.11.2012 321103991 03.11.2022 
262300100 
LWR CARGO FIRE EXTG BOTTLE CARTRIDGE 
COMP 
YT 
1.929 
01.08.2013 
10.08.2012 321103988 08.08.2022 
262301300 
LOWER CARGO EXTG PRESS. SWITCHES 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.510 
836 
6.459 
-237 
31.08.2010 
24.08.2010 316747293 02.09.2016 
262301300 
LOWER CARGO EXTG PRESS. SWITCHES 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.510 
836 
6.459 
-237 
31.08.2010 
24.08.2010 316747292 02.09.2016 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.022 
17.03.2010 
15.02.2010 316747443 
13.02.2020 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.022 
17.03.2010 
15.02.2010 316747441 
13.02.2020 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.022 
17.03.2010 
15.02.2010 316747439 
13.02.2020 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.043 
19.04.2010 
08.03.2010 316747417 05.03.2020 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.043 
19.04.2010 
08.03.2010 316747414 
05.03.2020 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.043 
19.04.2010 
08.03.2010 316747411 05.03.2020 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.043 
19.04.2010 
08.03.2010 316747455 05.03.2020 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.092 
12.05.2010 
26.04.2010 316747446 23.04.2020 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.092 
12.05.2010 
26.04.2010 316747449 
23.04.2020 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.092 
12.05.2010 
26.04.2010 316747452 23.04.2020 
262601300 
PORTABLE & FLT DECK BCF EXTG SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
1.101 
03.11.2011 
05.05.2010 320688072 02.05.2020 
262701200 
26270120C TOILET WASTE BIN FIRE EXTG WE 
COMP 
271101200 
271101200 CENTRAL CONTROL ACTUATOR 
NT 
271101500 
27110150C liB AILERON POWER PACKAGE 
NT 
271101600 
27110160C aB AILERON POWER PACKAGE 
NT 
271101700 
aB AILERON LOCKOUT ACTUATOR 
COMP 17.000 
-51,762 
30.03.1979 
30.03.1979 
316810714 
20.02.1754 
271101700 
aB AILERON LOCKOUT ACTUATOR 
COMP 17.000 
-51.762 
30.03.1979 
30.03.1979 
316810715 20.02.1754 
272101100 
RUDDER TRIM ACTUATOR 
COMP 32.000 
28.365 
13.02.1998 
09.01.1998 316747391 26.05.2160 
272101200 
27210120C RUDDER POWER CONTROL PACKAGE 
NT 
272212C 
RUDDER RATIO CHARGER SERVO UNIT 
COMP 25.000 
3.703 
25.01.1996 
20.01.1996 316747236 
11.05.2035 
272212C 
RUDDER RATIO CHARGER SERVO UNIT 
COMP 25.000 
21.385 
29.11.1995 
29.11.1995 316747392 04.01.2125 
272222C 
LOWER HYDRAULIC FUSE 
COMP 18.000 
VI 
17.152 
1.899 
11.07.2013 
01.01.1900 316756677 09.07.2022 
273100100 
27310010C liB ELEV CONT RODS & AFT QUAD 
NT 
273101100 
27310110C liB ELEVATOR POWER CONTROL PA 
NT 
273101400 
27310140C aB ELEVATOR POWER CONTROL PA 
NT 
273101500 
27310150C ELEVATOR FEEL COMPUTER 
NT 
273201200 
ANGLE OF ATTACK SENSOR 
COMP 18.000 
5.663 
08.11.2010 
08.08.2003 318104081 
18.04.2045 
273201200 
ANGLE OF ATTACK SENSOR 
COMP 18.000 
16.689 
28.10.2011 
29.07.2008 318413755 
15.03.2101 
274101500 
STABILISER TRIM HYDRAULIC MOTOR LH 
COMP 35.000 
33.058 
10.10.2007 
28.04.2006 316747192 
12.03.2184 
274101500 
STABILISER TRIM HYDRAULIC MOTOR LH 
COMP 35.000 
31.542 
03.12.1996 
23.11.1996 316747191 04.07.2176 
274105C 
STABILIZER TRIM HYDRAULIC BRAKE 
COMP 
15.000 
4.634 
30.03.1979 
01.05.1978 316809545 25.09.2058 
274105C 
STABILIZER TRIM HYDRAULIC BRAKE 
COMP 
15.000 
4.634 
30.03.1979 
01.05.1978 316809544 
25.09.2058 
275101300 
VB FLAP ALTERNATE DRIVE MOTOR 
COMP 16.000 
13.185 
16.10.2002 
12.11.2001 316809518 08.06.2083 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
30.06.1994 
316747405 
12.01.2166 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
02.11.1995 316747456 
12.01.2166 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
03.11.1995 316747404 
12.01.2166 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
03.11.1995 316747390 
12.01.2166 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
03.11.1995 316747393 
12.01.2166 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
03.11.1995 316747402 
12.01.2166 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747220 22.07.2165 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
07.11.1995 316747406 
12.01.2166 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
06.11.1995 316747407 
12.01.2166 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
03.11.1995 316747458 
12.01.2166 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
03.11.1995 316747457 
12.01.2166 
275208C 
FLAP DRIVE OFFSET TRANSMISSION 
COMP 33.000 
29.476 
23.05.1996 
03.11.1995 316747403 
12.01.2166 
275211C 
INBD TIE FLAP POWER UNIT 
COMP 
15.000 
4.634 
30.03.1979 
30.03.1979 316809593 25.09.2058 
275216C 
FLAP FLOW CONTROL MODULE 
COMP 
10.000 
67.914 
9.905 
9.539 
31.07.2013 
26.07.2013 316811853 09.05.2103 
275216C 
FLAP FLOW CONTROL MODULE 
COMP 
10.000 
67.914 
9.905 
9.539 
31.07.2013 
26.07.2013 316811851 09.05.2103 
276101100 
27610110C liB FLT SPOILER POWER CONTROL 
NT 
276103C 
SPOILER DIFFERENTIAL MECHANISM 
COMP 25.000 
22.381 
01.05.2004 
20.12.2002 316809599 
22.01.2130 
276103C 
SPOILER DIFFERENTIAL MECHANISM 
COMP 25.000 
66.144 
9.003 
22.382 
30.03.1979 
02.12.2002 316809598 24.01.2130 
27810110C-01 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 2.000 
704 
16.11.2011 
31.01.2011 318473036 26.02.2020 
278101100.01 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 2.000 
160.036 
27.488 
958 
05.10.2012 
08.02.2012 321338318 
10.06.2021 
278101100.01 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 2.000 
1.585 
843 
1.152 
01.10.2013 
10.10.2012 319814801 04.06.2022 
278101100.01 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 2.000 
1.152 
06.11.2013 
28.11.2012 321048324 
04.06.2022 
278101100.01 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 2.000 
1.152 
17.09.2013 
07.08.2013 321107423 04.06.2022 
278101100.01 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 2.000 
1.771 
902 
1.152 
17.09.2013 
12.09.2013 321102398 04.06.2022 
27810110C-01 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 2.000 
1.152 
17.09.2013 
12.09.2013 321338319 04.06.2022 
EFTA00809910
--- PAGE 8 ---
27810110C-01 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRNE UNIT 
COMP 2.000 
1.771 
902 
1.152 
17.09.2013 
13.09.2013 317947005 04.06.2022 
278101100.02 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 15.000 
1.771 
902 
14.152 
17.09.2013 
13.09.2013 317946993 02.05.2088 
27810110C-02 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 15.000 
14.152 
17.09.2013 
12.09.2013 321338314 
02.05.2088 
27810110C-02 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 15.000 
1.771 
902 
14.152 
17.09.2013 
12.09.2013 321102396 02.05.2088 
27810110C-02 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 15.000 
14.152 
17.09.2013 
07.08.2013 321107422 02.05.2088 
27810110C-02 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 15.000 
14.152 
06.11.2013 
28.11.2012 321048323 02.05.2088 
27810110C-02 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 15.000 
160.036 
27.488 
13.958 
05.10.2012 
08.02.2012 321338313 09.05.2087 
27810110C-02 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 15.000 
13.704 
16.11.2011 
31.01.2011 318473032 24.01.2086 
27810110C-02 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 15.000 
12.567 
01.10.2013 
20.04.2004 
319814802 
19.04.2080 
27810110C-03 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 25.000 
22.567 
01.10.2013 
20.04.2004 
319814800 02.01.2131 
27810110C-03 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 25.000 
23.704 
16.11.2011 
31.01.2011 318473034 
07.10.2136 
27810110C-03 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 25.000 
159.479 
27.429 
23.401 
05.10.2012 
25.12.2011 321337593 26.03.2135 
27810110C-03 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRNE UNIT 
COMP 25.000 
24.152 
06.11.2013 
28.11.2012 320079759 
15.01.2139 
27810110C-03 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 25.000 
24.152 
17.09.2013 
07.08.2013 321107421 
15.01.2139 
27810110C-03 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 25.000 
24.152 
17.09.2013 
12.09.2013 321337594 
15.01.2139 
27810110C-03 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 25.000 
1.771 
902 
24.152 
17.09.2013 
12.09.2013 321102394 
15.01.2139 
27810110C-03 
FLAP PNEUMATIC DRIVE UNIT 
COMP 25.000 
1.771 
902 
24.152 
17.09.2013 
13.09.2013 316811848 
15.01.2139 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747210 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747211 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747212 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747213 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747214 
29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747215 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747216 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747217 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747238 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747246 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747247 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747248 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747249 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747250 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747251 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747242 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747241 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747240 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747237 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747243 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747244 
29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.396 
18.11.1995 
03.11.1995 321622493 24.01.2125 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747209 
29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
26.08.2010 321622487 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
26.08.2010 321622484 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
26.08.2010 321622486 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622480 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622488 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 316747394 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622481 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622479 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622485 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622482 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622483 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622478 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622489 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622492 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622490 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
23.459 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 321622491 
12.07.2135 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
69.154 
21.389 
28.12.1995 
23.12.1995 316747218 
11.01.2125 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
46.866 
21.389 
28.12.1995 
23.12.1995 316747219 
11.01.2125 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747239 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747245 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747205 29.12.2124 
27810180C 
FLAP ROTARY ACTUATOR 
COMP 25.000 
21.382 
23.11.1995 
18.11.1995 316747208 29.12.2124 
28-AWL-01 
EXTERNAL WIRES OVER CENTER FUEL TANK 
A:F 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
3.119 
14.11.2013 316758871 
11.11.2025 
28-AWL-02 
28-AWL-02 External Wires Over Center Fu 
1:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-03 
FQIS OUT OF TANK WIRING LIGHTNING SHIELD 
A:F 
YT 
67.452 
9.745 
1.868 
05.11.2011 316758872 09.06.2022 
28-AWL-04 
28-AWL-04 FOIS - Out Tank Wiring Lightn 
1:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-05 
28-AWL-05 Lightning Protection -Engine 
1:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-06 
28-AWL-06 Lightning Protection - Hydrau 
1:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-07 
28-AWL-07 AC Pump and DC Pump Maintenan 
1:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-08 
28-AWL-08 AC Fuel Pump Fault Current Bo 
1:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-09 
28-AWL-09 FUEL OVERRIDE JETTISON PUMP G 
F 
28-AWL-10 
28-AWL-10 Lightning. Fault Current or H 
1:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-11 
28-AWL-11 Fuel Quantity Indicating Syst 
A:I:O 
ASO 
28-AWL-12 
28-AWL-12 Center Wing Tank Fuelling Val 
1:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-13 
CENTER WING TANK FUELING VALVE-FAULT CUR 
A:F 
YT 
67.584 
9.802 
2.587 
31.05.2012 316758873 28.05.2024 
28-AWL-14 
28-AWL-14 Fuel Tank Access Doors Cord ig 
1:0 
ASO 
EFTA00809911
--- PAGE 9 ---
28-AWL-15 
28-AWL-15 Fuel Quantity Indicating Syst 
I:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-I6 
28-AWL-16 Fuel Quantity Indicating Syst 
I:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-17 
28-AWL- 17 Fault Current Detectors Repai 
I:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-18 
28-AWL-18 Resetting Tripped Fuel Pump C 
I:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-19 
28-AWL-19 Isolated Fuel Quantity Transm 
I:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-20 
28-AWL-20 Reserve Tank Fueling Valve-In 
I:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-21 
28-AWL-21 Fault Current Protection - Mo 
I:0 
ASO 
28-AWL-22 
28-AWL-22 CENTER TANK OVERRIDE FUEL PUM 
A:F:I 
28-AWL-23 
GROUND FAULT INTERRUPTION (GFI) CONTROL 
F 
YT 
68.763 
10.366 
163 
23.11.2016 323279573 08.10.2017 
28160120C 
TANK 4 TRANS VALVE ACTUATOR LH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.824 
417 
15.06.2012 
13.12.2010 319400246 
18.06.2018 
28160120C 
TANK 1 TRANS VALVE ACTUATOR LH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-241 
27.08.2010 
18.08.2010 316747198 29.08.2016 
28160120C 
TANK 1 TRANS VALVE ACTUATOR RH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-245 
23.08.2010 
16.08.2010 316747197 
25.08.2016 
28160120C 
TANK MAIN TRANS VALVE ACTUATOR LH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
05.08.2010 316747184 
21.08.2016 
28160120C 
TANK MAIN TRANS VALVE ACTUATOR RH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-252 
16.08.2010 
05.08.2010 316747199 
18.08.2016 
28160120C 
TANK 2 TRANS VALVE ACTUATOR RH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-172 
04.11.2010 
01.01.1900 316756698 06.11.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
23.08.2010 316747400 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
30.08.2010 316747401 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
30.08.2010 316747395 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
30.08.2010 316747190 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
30.08.2010 316747187 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
30.08.2010 316747398 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
30.08.2010 316747189 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
30.08.2010 316747188 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
30.08.2010 316747399 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
30.08.2010 316747396 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
30.08.2010 316747397 08.09.2016 
28210130C 
REFUEL VALVE CONTROL UNIT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-231 
06.09.2010 
31.08.2010 316747186 08.09.2016 
28220120C 
ENG 1 FUEL SHUT-OFF VALVE ACT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-245 
23.08.2010 
17.08.2010 316747200 25.08.2016 
28220120C 
ENG 3 FUEL SHUT-OFF VALVE ACT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-245 
23.08.2010 
17.08.2010 316747193 25.08.2016 
28220120C 
ENG 2 FUEL SHUT-OFF VALVE ACT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
453 
332 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
09.08.2010 316747206 21.08.2016 
28220120C 
ENG 4 FUEL SHUT-OFF VALVE ACT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-252 
16.08.2010 
05.08.2010 316747203 
18.08.2016 
28220170C 
ENG 2 FUEL CROSSFEED VALVE ACT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
7.027 
607 
24.12.2012 
01.01.1900 316756699 25.12.2018 
28220170C 
ENG 4 FUEL CROSSFEED VALVE ACT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-252 
16.08.2010 
05.08.2010 316747183 
18.08.2016 
28220170C 
ENG 3 FUEL CROSSFEED VALVE ACT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
13.08.2010 316747194 
21.08.2016 
28220170C 
ENG 1 FUEL CROSSFEED VALVE ACT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
29.807 
11.052 
6.459 
-245 
23.08.2010 
17.08.2010 316747185 25.08.2016 
28220210C 
FUEL BOOST PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEMBLY 
COMP 50.000 
46.382 
09.10.1997 
08.10.1997 316809558 02.10.2251 
28220210C 
FUEL BOOST PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEMBLY 
COMP 50.000 
46.382 
09.10.1997 
08.10.1997 
316809562 02.10.2251 
28220210C 
FUEL BOOST PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEMBLY 
COMP 50.000 
46.591 
14.05.1997 
09.05.1997 
316809561 23.10.2252 
28220210C 
FUEL BOOST PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEMBLY 
COMP 50.000 
46.569 
12.02.1997 
07.02.1997 
316809559 
12.09.2252 
28220210C 
FUEL BOOST PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEMBLY 
COMP 50.000 
46.569 
12.02.1997 
07.02.1997 
316809557 
12.09.2252 
28220210C 
FUEL BOOST PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEMBLY 
COMP 50.000 
46.542 
03.12.1996 
23.11.1996 316809563 24.07.2252 
28220230C 
OVERRIDE/ JETTISON PUMP MOTOR/ IMPELLOR 
COMP 50.000 
49.152 
25.07.2013 
01.01.1900 316756654 
17.10.2265 
28220230C 
OVERRIDE/ JETTISON PUMP MOTOR/ IMPELLOR 
COMP 50.000 
47.395 
01.04.2004 
25.03.2004 
316809551 20.11.2256 
28220230C 
OVERRIDE/ JETTISON PUMP MOTOR/ IMPELLOR 
COMP 50.000 
47.395 
01.04.2004 
25.012004 316809552 20.11.2256 
28220230C 
OVERRIDE/ JETTISON PUMP MOTOR/ IMPELLOR 
COMP 50.000 
47.381 
01.04.2004 
25.012004 316809550 25.10.2256 
28220230C 
OVERRIDE/ JETTISON PUMP MOTOR/ IMPELLOR 
COMP 50.000 
48.058 
16.10.2007 
21.06.2005 316809547 31.03.2260 
28220230C 
OVERRIDE/ JETTISON PUMP MOTOR/ IMPELLOR 
COMP 50.000 
68.206 
11.686 
49.152 
14.11.2013 
08.11.2006 321110538 
17.10.2265 
28220230C 
OVERRIDE/ JETTISON PUMP MOTOR/ IMPELLOR 
COMP 50.000 
109.457 
18.031 
49.152 
14.11.2013 
07.12.2007 321110539 
17.10.2265 
28220230C 
OVERRIDE/ JETTISON PUMP MOTOR/ IMPELLOR 
COMP 50.000 
49.479 
30.09.2015 
21.07.2014 
321813786 
15.06.2267 
28220810C 
FUEL TANK FWD BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.382 
09.10.1997 
08.10.1997 316809562 02.10.2251 
28220810C 
FUEL TANK FWD BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.382 
09.10.1997 
08.10.1997 
316809558 02.10.2251 
28220810C 
FUEL TANK FWD BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.591 
14.05.1997 
09.05.1997 
316809561 23.10.2252 
28220810C 
FUEL TANK FWD BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.569 
12.02.1997 
07.02.1997 
316809559 
12.09.2252 
28220810C 
FUEL TANK FWD BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.569 
12.02.1997 
07.02.1997 
316809557 
12.09.2252 
28220810C 
FUEL TANK FWD BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.542 
03.12.1996 
23.11.1996 316809563 24.07.2252 
28220820C 
FUEL TANK AFT BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.382 
09.10.1997 
08.10.1997 316809558 02.10.2251 
28220820C 
FUEL TANK AFT BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.382 
09.10.1997 
08.10.1997 316809562 02.10.2251 
28220820C 
FUEL TANK AFT BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.591 
14.05.1997 
09.05.1997 
316809561 23.10.2252 
28220820C 
FUEL TANK AFT BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.569 
12.02.1997 
07.02.1997 
316809559 
12.09.2252 
28220820C 
FUEL TANK AFT BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.569 
12.02.1997 
07.02.1997 
316809557 
12.09.2252 
28220820C 
FUEL TANK AFT BOOSTER PUMPS 
COMP 50.000 
46.542 
03.12.1996 
23.11.1996 316809563 24.07.2252 
28250130C 
APU FUEL SHUT-OFF VALVE ACTUATOR 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
09.08.2010 316747204 
21.08.2016 
28310110C 
MAIN JETTISON PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEM 
COMP 50.000 
49.152 
25.07.2013 
01.01.1900 316756654 
17.10.2265 
28310110C 
MAIN JETTISON PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEM 
COMP 50.000 
47.395 
01.04.2004 
25.012004 316809552 20.11.2256 
28310110C 
MAIN JETTISON PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEM 
COMP 50.000 
47.395 
01.04.2004 
25.012004 316809551 20.11.2256 
283101100 
MAIN JETTISON PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEM 
COMP 50.000 
47.381 
01.04.2004 
25.012004 316809550 25.10.2256 
283101100 
MAIN JETTISON PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEM 
COMP 50.000 
48.058 
16.10.2007 
21.06.2005 316809547 31.03.2260 
28310110C 
MAIN JETTISON PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEM 
COMP 50.000 
68.206 
11.686 
49.152 
14.11.2013 
08.11.2006 321110538 
17.10.2265 
28310110C 
MAIN JETTISON PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEM 
COMP 50.000 
109.457 
18.031 
49.152 
14.11.2013 
07.12.2007 321110539 
17.10.2265 
28310110C 
MAIN JETTISON PUMP MOTOR! IMPELLOR ASSEM 
COMP 50.000 
49.479 
30.09.2015 
21.07.2014 
321813786 
15.06.2267 
28310130C 
FUEL JETTISON NOZZLE VALVE ACTUATOR LH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.642 
906 
22.10.2013 
15.08.2012 316755478 20.10.2019 
28310130C 
FUEL JETTISON NOZZLE VALVE ACTUATOR LH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.675 
905 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
13.08.2010 316747343 21.08.2016 
28310130C 
FUEL JETTISON NOZZLE VALVE ACTUATOR RH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
13.08.2010 316747202 21.08.2016 
28310130C 
FUEL JETTISON NOZZLE VALVE ACTUATOR RH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
856 
510 
6.459 
-249 
19.08.2010 
13.08.2010 316747201 21.08.2016 
28310140C 
283101400 TANK JETTISON VALVE 
NT 
283108500 
JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
49.479 
30.09.2015 
21.07.2014 
321813786 
15.06.2267 
EFTA00809912
--- PAGE 10 ---
283108500 
JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
109.457 
18.031 
49.152 
14.11.2013 
07.12.2007 321110539 
17.10.2265 
283108500 
JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
68.206 
11.686 
49.152 
14.11.2013 
08.11.2006 321110538 
17.10.2265 
28310850C 
JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
48.058 
16.10.2007 
21.06.2005 316809547 31.03.2260 
28310850C 
JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
47.395 
01.04.2004 
25.03.2004 
316809551 20.11.2256 
28310850C 
JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
47.381 
01.04.2004 
25.03.2004 
316809550 25.10.2256 
28310850C 
JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
47.395 
01.04.2004 
25.03.2004 
316809552 20.11.2256 
28310850C 
JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
49.152 
25.07.2013 
01.01.1900 316756654 
17.10.2265 
28310870C 
OVERRIDE JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
49.152 
25.07.2013 
01.01.1900 316756654 
17.10.2265 
28310870C 
OVERRIDE JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
47.395 
01.04.2004 
25.03.2004 
316809552 20.11.2256 
28310870C 
OVERRIDE JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
47.395 
01.04.2004 
25.03.2004 
316809551 20.11.2256 
28310870C 
OVERRIDE JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
47.381 
01.04.2004 
25.03.2004 
316809550 25.10.2256 
28310870C 
OVERRIDE JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
48.058 
16.10.2007 
21.06.2005 316809547 31.03.2260 
28310870C 
OVERRIDE JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
68.206 
11.686 
49.152 
14.11.2013 
08.11.2006 321110538 
17.10.2265 
28310870C 
OVERRIDE JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
109.457 
18.031 
49.152 
14.11.2013 
07.12.2007 321110539 
17.10.2265 
28310870C 
OVERRIDE JETTISON PUMP 
COMP 50.000 
49.479 
30.09.2015 
21.07.2014 
321813786 
15.06.2267 
29110130C 
291101300 ENG DRIVEN PUMP 
NT 
29110140C 
291101400 AIR DRIVEN PUMP 
NT 
291101500 
ADP TURBINE DRIVE NI & 4 
COMP 18.000 
802 
448 
17.152 
23.09.2013 
15.08.2013 316791653 20.07.2103 
291101500 
ADP TURBINE DRIVE NI & 4 
COMP 18.000 
16.816 
23.05.2012 
21.04.2011 319400247 05.11.2101 
291101500 
ADP TURBINE DRIVE NI & 4 
COMP 18.000 
1.621 
834 
16.436 
10.07.2003 
15.06.2010 316791627 01.12.2099 
291101500 
ADP TURBINE DRIVE NI & 4 
COMP 18.000 
1.894 
988 
16.436 
18.12.1996 
15.06.2010 316791628 01.12.2099 
291701100 
RES PRESS MODULE AIR FILTER ELEMENT 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
301101200 
WING OVERHEAT SWITCH ANTI-ICE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-242 
26.08.2010 
17.08.2010 316859131 28.08.2016 
302101100 
NACELLE ANTI-ICE CONTROL VALVE 
COMP 12.000 
10.797 
28.02.2012 
02.12.2011 320560649 29.04.2071 
302101100 
NACELLE ANTI-ICE CONTROL VALVE 
COMP 12.000 
10.782 
09.02.2012 
18.03.2011 319008457 02.04.2071 
302101100 
NACELLE ANTI-ICE CONTROL VALVE 
COMP 12.000 
9.381 
23.06.2004 
10.06.2004 
316747168 23.02.2064 
302101100 
NACELLE ANTI-ICE CONTROL VALVE 
COMP 12.000 
8.586 
21.05.2004 
20.05.2004 
316747170 
12.02.2060 
313109 
ULB BATTERY 
COMP 
2.190 
DT 
644 
31.07.2015 
01.02.2013 323075584 
31.01.2019 
32110110C 
LH WING LANDING GEAR ASSY OVERHAUL 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321682984 
29.05.2022 
32110120C 
RH WING LANDING GEAR FOR OVERHAUL 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.872 
01.10.2013 
14.06.2013 321682983 
12.06.2022 
32110140C 
SIDE STRUT ASSY WING GEAR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321091985 29.05.2022 
32110140C 
SIDE STRUT ASSY WING GEAR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321091987 
29.05.2022 
321101400 
SIDE STRUT ASSY WING GEAR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321091983 29.05.2022 
321101400 
SIDE STRUT ASSY WING GEAR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.872 
01.10.2013 
14.06.2013 321091984 
12.06.2022 
321101400 
SIDE STRUT ASSY WING GEAR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.872 
01.10.2013 
14.06.2013 321091986 
12.06.2022 
32110140C 
SIDE STRUT ASSY WING GEAR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.872 
01.10.2013 
14.06.2013 321682989 
12.06.2022 
321101500 
WALKING BEAM WING GEAR FWD AND AFT 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.872 
01.10.2013 
14.06.2013 321092409 
12.06.2022 
321101500 
WALKING BEAM WING GEAR FWD AND AFT 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.872 
01.10.2013 
14.06.2013 321092412 
12.06.2022 
321101500 
WALKING BEAM WING GEAR FWD AND AFT 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321092411 29.05.2022 
321101500 
WALKING BEAM WING GEAR FWD AND AFT 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321092410 29.05.2022 
321301100 
LH BODY LANDING GEAR ASSY OVERHAUL 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321682993 29.05.2022 
321301200 
RTH BODY LANDING GEAR ASSY OVERHAUL 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321682992 29.05.2022 
32130130C 
BODY GEAR DRAG STRUT ASSY OVERHAUL 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321682999 
29.05.2022 
32130130C 
BODY GEAR DRAG STRUT ASSY OVERHAUL 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321683000 29.05.2022 
321301500 
BODY LANDING GEAR STEERING ACTUATOR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321091991 29.05.2022 
321301500 
BODY LANDING GEAR STEERING ACTUATOR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.858 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321091992 29.05.2022 
321301500 
BODY LANDING GEAR STEERING ACTUATOR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
2.345 
25.02.2015 
30.09.2014 
322549655 28.09.2023 
321301500 
BODY LANDING GEAR STEERING ACTUATOR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
2.345 
25.02.2015 
30.09.2014 
322549656 28.09.2023 
321315C 
BODY GEAR POSITIONING ACTUATOR OVERHAUL 
COMP 
7.500 
7.039 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321091988 
10.08.2080 
321315C 
BODY GEAR POSITIONING ACTUATOR OVERHAUL 
COMP 
7.500 
7.039 
01.10.2013 
31.05.2013 321091989 
10.08.2080 
32210110C 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321693799 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321091995 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321686230 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321692131 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092006 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092416 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321091996 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321091997 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321091999 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321091998 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092004 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092002 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092407 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092417 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092003 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092415 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092000 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092408 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092005 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321091994 
10.06.2022 
322101100 
NOSE LDG GEAR ASSY 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321092001 
10.06.2022 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
30.122 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117672 29.07.2290 
32210120C 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
41.636 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117685 23.04.2395 
32210120C 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
30.122 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117671 29.07.2290 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
40.939 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117665 
19.12.2388 
32210120C 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
40.939 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117676 
19.12.2388 
EFTA00809913
--- PAGE 11 ---
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
36.693 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117666 07.05.2350 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
40.939 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321091958 
19.12.2388 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
40.939 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321091959 
19.12.2388 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
36.693 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117677 07.05.2350 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
32.427 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321692121 
18.07.2311 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
14.091 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321692120 03.10.2144 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
33.291 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321692119 27.05.2319 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
40.939 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117682 
19.12.2388 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
38.841 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321692118 
19.11.2369 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
40.939 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321692117 
19.12.2388 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
38.841 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321692111 
19.11.2369 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
40.237 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117673 01.08.2382 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
39.298 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117680 
15.01.2374 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
30.122 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117678 29.07.2290 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
36.693 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117679 07.05.2350 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
38.841 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117683 
19.11.2369 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
30.122 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117663 29.07.2290 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
30.122 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117686 29.07.2290 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
30.122 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117687 
29.07.2290 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
41.366 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117668 07.11.2392 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
31.105 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117670 08.07.2299 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
30.122 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117667 29.07.2290 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
38.161 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117681 
13.09.2363 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
30.122 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117684 
29.07.2290 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
29.150 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117652 25.09.2281 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
33.020 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321692115 08.12.2316 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
30.122 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117675 29.07.2290 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
31.455 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321692113 
14.09.2302 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
14.091 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117674 
03.10.2144 
322101200 
NOSE LANDING GEAR LIFE LIMIT PARTS 
COMP 
50.430 
30.122 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321117664 
29.07.2290 
322101300 
DRAG STRUT ASSY - NOSE GEAR 
COMP 
3.285 
DT 
1.870 
01.10.2013 
12.06.2013 321693799 
10.06.2022 
323201600 
WING GEAR DOWNLOCK ACTUATOR OVERHAUL 
COMP 35.000 
33.787 
21.03.2014 
13.08.2013 318106743 22.11.2187 
323201600 
WING GEAR DOWNLOCK ACTUATOR OVERHAUL 
COMP 35.000 
65.144 
8.509 
31.382 
30.09.1997 
29.09.1997 316747162 
12.09.2175 
323301600 
BODY GEAR DOWNLOCK ACTUATOR OVERHAUL 
COMP 35.000 
31.673 
16.08.2011 
29.09.1997 
316747155 04.03.2177 
323301600 
BODY GEAR DOWNLOCK ACTUATOR OVERHAUL 
COMP 35.000 
33.881 
01.10.2012 
27.04.2011 319007903 
14.05.2188 
324101200 
324101200 BRAKE UNIT 
A 
NT 
324201300 
FILTERS ELEMENTS - ANTI-SKID MODULE 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
324501100 
324501100 MAIN & NOSE WHEEL ASSY INCL T 
NT 
3400101 
IRS BATTERY 
COMP 
1.460 
DT 
107 
27.09.2013 
13.08.2013 316791623 
12.08.2017 
3400101 
IRS BATTERY 
COMP 
1.460 
DT 
359 
27.09.2013 
15.06.2009 
316791625 21.04.2018 
3400101 
IRS BATTERY 
COMP 
1.460 
DT 
313 
27.09.2013 
15.06.2009 
316791624 
06.03.2018 
341301400 
SERVO PNEUMATIC ALTIMETER 
COMP 6.000 
3.379 
12.07.2004 
29.07.2003 316810717 
18.09.2033 
341301400 
SERVO PNEUMATIC ALTIMETER 
COMP 6.000 
5.308 
20.03.2014 
01.01.1900 316756682 01.07.2043 
341301500 
MACH/ ASI INDICATOR 
COMP 8.000 
7.277 
20.03.2014 
29.01.2013 319795403 24.06.2053 
341301500 
MACH/ ASI INDICATOR 
COMP 8.000 
6.989 
14.11.2012 
01.05.1975 319926608 08.01.2052 
341401100 
34140110C MACH AIRSPEED WARNING SWITCH 
COMP 
342101200 
COMPASS COUPLER 
COMP 
VI 
-1.433 
22.05.2011 
07.01.2010 319830560 25.05.2013 
342101200 
COMPASS COUPLER 
COMP 
VI 
-559 
17.10.2013 
01.03.2013 320310756 
16.10.2015 
344401100 
CENTRAL INSTRUMENT WARNING SYS COMP 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.638 
01.08.2011 
01.01.1900 316756701 03.08.2017 
351000-01-S 
FLIGHT CREW OXYGEN 
MT 
68.469 
10.208 
-202 
09.10.2015 322302227 08.10.2016 
351000-02-S 
FLIGHT CREW OXYGEN 
MT 
68.469 
10.208 
-202 
09.10.2015 322302228 08.10.2016 
351000-03-S 
FLIGHT CREW OXYGEN 
B 
COMP 
MT 
1.174 
514 
1.474 
18.05.2015 
12.05.2015 316861213 
10.05.2021 
351000-03-S 
FLIGHT CREW OXYGEN 
B 
COMP 
MT 
1.174 
514 
1.473 
18.05.2015 
11.05.2015 316861209 09.05.2021 
351000-03-S 
FLIGHT CREW OXYGEN 
B 
COMP 
MT 
1.174 
514 
1.473 
18.05.2015 
11.05.2015 316861211 09.05.2021 
351000-03-S 
FLIGHT CREW OXYGEN 
B 
COMP 
MT 
1.174 
514 
1.473 
18.05.2015 
11.05.2015 316861207 09.05.2021 
351000-03-S 
FLIGHT CREW OXYGEN 
B 
COMP 
MT 
1.174 
514 
1.473 
18.05.2015 
11.05.2015 316860405 09.05.2021 
35110115C-01 
CREW OXYGEN CYLINDER 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
-244 
26.09.2013 
01.09.1992 316785614 
26.08.2016 
35110115C-01 
CREW OXYGEN CYLINDER 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
-32 
26.09.2013 
01.04.1993 316859123 26.03.2017 
35110115C-01 
CREW OXYGEN CYLINDER 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
881 
26.09.2013 
01.10.1995 316785618 25.09.2019 
35110115C-01 
CREW OXYGEN CYLINDER 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
1.520 
12.05.2015 
01.07.1997 
316859121 25.06.2021 
35110115C-01 
CREW OXYGEN CYLINDER 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
2.859 
26.09.2013 
01.03.2001 316785610 23.02.2025 
35110115C-01 
CREW OXYGEN CYLINDER 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
6.877 
12.05.2015 
01.03.2012 322791571 24.02.2036 
361101300 
PYLON SHUT OFF & PRESSURE REGULATING VAL 
COMP 6.000 
5.308 
24.03.2014 
30.03.2012 321461811 01.07.2043 
361101300 
PYLON SHUT OFF & PRESSURE REGULATING VAL 
COMP 6.000 
4.380 
01.03.2012 
24.02.2012 316811971 
16.10.2038 
361101300 
PYLON SHUT OFF & PRESSURE REGULATING VAL 
COMP 6.000 
4.205 
06.08.2008 
01.11.2005 316810707 26.11.2037 
361101300 
PYLON SHUT OFF & PRESSURE REGULATING VAL 
COMP 6.000 
2.876 
31.08.2005 
20.05.2005 316810708 02.03.2031 
361101500 
HIGH STAGE BLEED AIR VALVE CONTROL 
COMP 20.000 
17.597 
01.10.2012 
01.08.2005 316810712 21.10.2105 
361101500 
HIGH STAGE BLEED AIR VALVE CONTROL 
COMP 20.000 
-42.245 
04.04.2014 
22.02.1971 316810710 25.05.1802 
361101500 
HIGH STAGE BLEED AIR VALVE CONTROL 
COMP 20.000 
18.691 
01.10.2012 
01.01.1900 316756686 09.05.2111 
361101600 
WING ISOLATION VALVE 
COMP 6.000 
5.453 
21.05.2015 
03.01.2014 
319850000 25.03.2044 
361101600 
WING ISOLATION VALVE 
COMP 6.000 
-62585 
01.11.2013 
17.01.2013 316755423 07.04.1699 
361101800 
APU BLEED AIR SHUT OFF VALVE 
COMP 6.000 
-62585 
01.11.2013 
17.01.2013 316755423 07.04.1699 
361101800 
APU BLEED AIR SHUT OFF VALVE 
COMP 6.000 
5.453 
21.05.2015 
03.01.2014 
319850000 25.03.2044 
381501300 
WATER TANK PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE CHECK 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-259 
09.08.2010 
17.08.2009 316747275 
11.08.2016 
4-0000101A 
OPEN ACCESS DOORS AND PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0000102A 
NO.1 ENG - OPEN ENGINE ACCESS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809914
--- PAGE 12 ---
4-0000201A 
OPEN ACCESS DOORS AND PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0000301 
OPEN ACCESS DOORS AND PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0000401A 
OPEN ACCESS DOORS AND PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0000501A 
OPEN ACCESS DOORS AND PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0000502A 
OPEN #2 ENGINE ACCESS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0000701A 
OPEN ACCESS DOORS AND PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0000702A 
OPEN #3 ENGINE ACCESS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0000801A 
OPEN ACCESS DOORS AND PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0000901A 
OPEN ACCESS DOORS AND PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0001101A 
OPEN ACCESS DOORS AND PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0001102A 
OPEN ENGINE ACCESS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-0001201A 
OPEN ACCESS DOORS AND PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2060201 
INERTIAL NAVIGATION SYSTEM (INS) - OUTBD 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2060401 
MAIN EiE RACKS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2060601 
FORWARD CARGO CONTAINER COMPARTMENT 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2060701 
FORWARD CARGO CONTAINER COMPARTMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2060901 
FORWARD CARGO CONTAINER COMPARTMENT 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2061101 
WING LANDING GEAR WELL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2061301 
BODY LANDING GEAR WELL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2061601 
AFT CARGO CONTAINER COMPARTMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2062301 
MAIN DECK COMPARTMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2062501 
AREA BEHIND AIR GRILLES MAIN DECK COMPT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2063101 
AREA BEHIND AIR GRILLES MAIN DECK COMPT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2063301 
AREAS BEHIND AIR GRILLES MAIN DECK COMT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2063501 
AREAS BEHIND AIR GRILLES MAIN DECK COMPT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2063701 
AREAS BEHIND AIR GRILLES MAIN DECK COMPT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2063901 
AREAS BEHIND AIR GRILLES MAIN DECK COMPT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2064101 
AREA AFT OF PRESSURE BULKHEAD 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2064201 
STABILIZER TORSION BOX COMPARTMENT 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2064301 
AREA AFT OF STABILIZER TORSION BOX COMPA 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2064401 
APU COMPARTMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2064501 
REAR SPAR TO TRAILING EDGE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2064601 
UH & FUN LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2064701 
UH & FLEH LE TO FRONT SPAR CAVITY 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2064801 
UH & FLIH LE TO FRONT SPAR CAVITY 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2065001 
FUEL BOOST PUMP 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2065101 
FUEL BOOST PUMP 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20656011 
#1 ENGINE EWIS INSPECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20656012 
#2 ENGINE EWIS INSPECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.20656013 
#3 ENGINE EWIS INSPECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.20656014 
#4 ENGINE EWIS INSPECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.20657011 
#1 ENGINE - TORQUE BOX UPPER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20657012 
#2 ENGINE - TORQUE BOX UPPER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20657013 
#3 ENGINE - TORQUE BOX UPPER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.20657014 
#4 ENGINE - TORQUE BOX UPPER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20658011 
#1 ENGINE - TORQUE BOX LOWER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20658012 
#2 ENGINE - TORQUE BOX LOWER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20658013 
#3 ENGINE - TORQUE BOX LOWER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20658014 
#4 ENGINE - TORQUE BOX LOWER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20659011 
#1 ENGINE - AFT STRUT FAIRING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20659012 
#2 ENGINE - AFT STRUT FAIRING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20659013 
#3 ENGINE - AFT STRUT FAIRING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-20659014 
#4 ENGINE - AFT STRUT FAIRING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2080001 
NOSE LANDING GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2080101 
LEFT WING LANDING GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2080202 
RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2080301 
LEFT BODY LANDING GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2080402 
RIGHT BODY LANDING GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2080601 
NOSE GEAR WELL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2081001 
AREA BELOW FORWARD CARGO CONT COMPT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2081401 
LEFT WING LANDING GEAR WHEEL WELL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2081602 
RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR WHEEL WELL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2081701 
LEFT BODY LANDING GEAR WHEEL WELL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2081802 
RIGHT BODY LANDING GEAR WHEEL WELL. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2082001 
AREA INSIDE OF FUSELAGE BELOW AFT CARGO 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2083401 
INTERIOR AFT ELECTRICAUELECTRONIC ECIIP 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2083501 
AREA INSIDE FUSELAGE AFT OF REAR PRESS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2083701 
AREA INSIDE FUSELAGE AFT OF STABILIZER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2083801 
INTERIOR OF APU. INCL. COMPARTMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2084301 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE FRONT SPAR CAVITY 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2084401 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2084601 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE FRONT SPAR CAVITY 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2084701 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2084801 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2084901 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE FRONT SPAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2085001 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809915
--- PAGE 13 ---
4-2085801 
LEFT WING REAR SPAR TO LG SUPPORT BEAM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2085901 
LEFT WING LANDING GEAR SUPPORT BEAM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2086001 
LEFT WING REAR SPAR TO INBOARD AILERON 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2086101 
LEFT WING REAR SPAR TO TRAILING EDGE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2086201 
LEFT WING REAR SPAR TO TRAILING EDGE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2086302 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2086402 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2086602 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2086702 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2086802 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2086902 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2087002 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2087802 
RIGHT WING REAR SPAR TO LANDING GEAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2087902 
RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR SUPPORT BEAM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2088002 
RIGHT WING REAR SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4-2088102 
RIGHT WING REAR SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2088202 
RIGHT WING REAR SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2089201 
#1 NOSE COWL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2089201 
#2 NOSE COWL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2089201 
#3 NOSE COWL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2089201 
#4 NOSE COWL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2089601 
#1 FORWARD FAIRING 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2089601 
#2 FORWARD FAIRING 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2089601 
#3 FORWARD FAIRING 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2089601 
#4 FORWARD FAIRING 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319324041 
17.11.2016 
4.2089701 
#4 STRUT TORQUE BOX. UPPER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2089701 
#3 STRUT TORQUE BOX. UPPER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2089701 
#2 STRUT TORQUE BOX. UPPER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2089701 
#1 STRUT TORQUE BOX. UPPER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2089801 
#1 STRUT TORQUE BOX. LOWER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2089801 
#2 STRUT TORQUE BOX. LOWER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2089801 
#3 STRUT TORQUE BOX. LOWER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2089801 
#4 STRUT TORQUE BOX. LOWER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2089901 
#1 AFT STRUT FAIRING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2089901 
#2 AFT STRUT FAIRING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4.2089901 
#3 AFT STRUT FAIRING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2089901 
#4 AFT STRUT FAIRING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035832 
17.11.2016 
4-2100101 
CABIN PRESSURIZATION OUTFLOW VALVES: 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2100201 
PRESSURIZATION RELIEF VALVES 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.632 
07.07.2011 
01.12.2010 318093298 09.07.2017 
4-2100201 
PRESSURIZATION RELIEF VALVES 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.460 
-170 
06.11.2010 
24.03.2008 316859116 08.11.2016 
4-2100202 
CABIN PRESSURIZATION RELIEF VALVES 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2100301 
CABIN AIR RECIRCULATING FAN 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2100302 
PASSENGER CABIN AIR RECIRCULATION FANS 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2100501 
COMPRESSOR DISCHARGE OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.152 
-222 
19.09.2013 
11.02.2013 321093426 
17.09.2016 
4.2100501 
COMPRESSOR DISCHARGE OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.152 
-222 
19.09.2013 
11.02.2013 321093427 
17.09.2016 
4.2100501 
COMPRESSOR DISCHARGE OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.152 
-222 
19.09.2013 
11.02.2013 321093428 
17.09.2016 
4.2100501A 
TEMPERATURE SENSORS AND FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4.2100502 
PACK DISCHARGE OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-243 
25.08.2010 
20.08.2010 316747313 27.08.2016 
4-2100502 
PACK DISCHARGE OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-243 
25.08.2010 
20.08.2010 316747312 27.08.2016 
4-2100502 
PACK DISCHARGE OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-243 
25.08.2010 
20.08.2010 316747369 27.08.2016 
4-2100502 
PACK DISCHARGE OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-230 
07.09.2010 
06.09.2010 316748190 09.09.2016 
4-2100502 
PACK DISCHARGE OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.689 
192 
03.11.2011 
31.10.2011 318413758 05.11.2017 
4.2100601 
RAM AIR SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2100701 
DUAL HEAT EXCHANGERS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2100801 
AIR CONDITION VALVE FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4.21008011 
ZONE DUCT OVER TEMPERATURE SWITCH FOR P 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4.21008012 
ZONE DUCT OVERHEAT SWITCH 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4.21008013 
ZONE DUCT OVER TEMPERATURE SWITCH FOR P 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4.21008015 
ZONE DUCT OVER TEMP SWITCH 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-2100901 
ZONE TEMPERATURE CONTROLLERS 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2101001 
COMPRESSOR BYPASS CHECK VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
2.057 
1.066 
6.459 
-224 
13.09.2010 
03.09.2010 316747308 
15.09.2016 
4-2101001 
COMPRESSOR BYPASS CHECK VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.078 
612 
6.459 
-223 
14.09.2010 
13.09.2010 316747309 
16.09.2016 
4-2101001 
COMPRESSOR BYPASS CHECK VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
926 
539 
6.459 
-223 
14.09.2010 
13.09.2010 316747307 
16.09.2016 
4-2101001 
COMPRESSOR BYPASS CHECK VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
7.706 
1.615 
01.10.2015 
01.10.2015 323274095 28.09.2021 
4-2101101 
COMPRESSOR BYPASS CHECK VALVES. DUCTS AN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-21012012 
GALLEY-LAVATORY VENT FAN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-2101301 
AIR CONDITIONING COMPONENTS 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2101401 
CABIN PRESSURE CONTROLLER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2101402 
CABIN PRESSURE CONTROLLER 
3C 
6.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
5.152 
382 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-2101701 
E & E EQUIPMENT COOLING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2101702 
E & E EQUIPMENT COOLING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2101703 
E & E EQUIPMENT COOLING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2101801 
AIR CONDITIONING COOLING AIR CHECK VALVE 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-2101802 
AIR CONDITIONING COOLING AIR CHECK VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2101901 
DUAL HEAT EXCHANGERS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2102001 
CABIN ALTITUDE WARNING SYSTEM 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809916
--- PAGE 14 ---
4-2102101 
AIR CON HEAT EXCHANGERS 
3C 
6.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
5.152 
382 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-2102102 
E & E EQUIPMENT COOLING SYSTEM 
3C 
6.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
5.152 
382 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-21021032 
GALLEY/ LAV VENT SYSTEM 
3C 
6.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
5.152 
382 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-2102105 
AFT CARGO COMPT OVERHEAT THERMOSTAT 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
342 
288 
6.459 
-236 
01.09.2010 
26.08.2010 316747337 03.09.2016 
4-2102201 
CONDITIONED AIR SHUT-OFF VALVE 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2102301 
CATALYTIC OZONE CONVERTERS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-2102501 
AIR CONDITIONING EXHAUST VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2200101 
AUTOMATIC FLIGHT CONTROL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2200201A 
AUTOMATIC FLIGHT CONTROL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2300101 
HEADSETS AND MICROPHONES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2300201 
COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2300301 
SELCAL CONTROL PANEL & CHIME. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2300401 
HF RADIOS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2300501 
PASSENGER ADDRESS SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2300601 
FLIGHT INTERPHONES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2300701 
SERVICE INTERPHONES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2300801 
CREW INTERPHONES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2300901 
PASS CABIN INTERCOM EQUIPMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2301101 
SELCAL DECODER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2301201 
VHF TRANSCEIVERS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2301301 
VHF ANTENNAS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2301401 
PASSENGER ENTERTAINMENT EQUIPMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.23016011 
HF ANTENNA LIGHTNING ARRESTER - L. WING 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-23016012 
HF ANTENNA LIGHTNING ARRESTOR - R. WING 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.23017011 
STATIC DISCHARGERS - LEFT WING. 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.23017012 
STATIC DISCHARGERS- RIGHT WING. 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.23017013 
STATIC DISCHARGERS EMPENNAGE 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.2301801 
SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS ANTENNA. 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-2400101 
ELECTRICAL SYSTEM COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2400102 
STATIC INVERTER LOAD TEST 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2400120BA 
MAIN TRU AND ST)BY POWER INVERTER GRILLS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-2400201 
CIRCUIT BREAKER AUXILIARY CONTACTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2400301 
E & E COMPT COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2400302 
4-2400302 GENERATOR SYSTEM CONTROLS 
COMP 
4-2400303 
GENERATOR BREAKER CONTROL ISOL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2400401A 
APU ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-24004021 
ENGINE CSD COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-24004022 
ENGINE CSD COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-24004023 
ENGINE CSD COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-24004024 
ENGINE CSD COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2400501 
LIGHTNING PROTECTORS ENG GEN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2400601 
AUTOM DC BUS ISOLATION RELAYS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-2400701 
APU BATTERY COOLING FAN AND THERMOSTAT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2400801 
APU BATTERY HEATER & THERMOSTAT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2400901A 
EXTERNAL POWER RECEPTACLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2400901B 
P7 PANEL DIODES M855. M856 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500101 
CONTROL CABIN FURNISHINGS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500201 
EMERGENCY EQUIPMENT - CONTROL CABIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500301 
LAVATORIES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500401A 
GALLEYS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500501A 
MAIN DECK PASSENGER CABIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500502A 
MAIN DECK PASSENGER CABIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500503A 
MAIN DECK PASSENGER CABIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500504A 
MAIN DECK PASSENGER CABIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500505A 
MAIN DECK PASSENGER CABIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500601 
FORWARD CARGO COMPARTMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500602 
AFT CARGO COMPARTMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500603 
ACCESS PANEL ZIPPERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-2500701A 
UPPER DECK PAX FURNISHING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2500901 
EMERGENCY EVAC PRESSURE BOTTLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2501101A 
EMERGENCY EQUIPMENT - PAX CABIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2501102 
POWER MEGAPHONES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2501201A 
EMERGENCY EVACUATION SYSTEMS 
NT 
68.605 
10.289 
04.03.2016 322790056 
4-2501301 
ESCAPE SLIDE GIRT BAR FITTINGS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-2501401 
UPPER DECK CART LIFT 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2501501 
UPPER DECK CART LIFT ACTUATOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2501601 
UPPER DECK CART LIFT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2501701 
FLIGHT ATTENDANT'S SEATS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.2501702 
FLIGHT ATTENDANTS SEATS - LUBE 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4.2501901 
UPPER DECK CART LIFT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2502201 
CONTROL AND PASSENGER CABIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2502301 
TOILET MANDATORY NOTICES 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-26001011 
NO. 1 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26001012 
NO. 2 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26001013 
NO. 3 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26001014 
NO. 4 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809917
--- PAGE 15 ---
4-2600102 
AFT CARGO COMPARTMENT FIRE EXTINGUISHING 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2600103 
FWD CARGO COMPARTMENT FIRE EXTINGUISHING 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2600104 
APU FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26001051 
NO. 1 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-26001052 
NO. 2 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-26001053 
NO. 3 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-26001054 
NO. 4 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-2600106 
FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM FOR THE APU 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-2600107 
FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM FOR THE AFT CA 
3C 
6.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
5.152 
382 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-2600108 
FWD CARGO FIRE EXT SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26002011 
NO. 1 ENGINE FIRE BOTTLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26002012 
NO. 2 ENGINE FIRE BOTTLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26002013 
NO. 3 ENGINE FIRE BOTTLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26002014 
NO. 4 ENGINE FIRE BOTTLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26002015 
4-26002015 NO. 1 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 
17.11.2016 
4-26002016 
4-26002016 NO. 2 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 
17.11.2016 
4-26002017 
4-26002017 NO. 3 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 
17.11.2016 
4-26002018 
4-26002018 NO. 4 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 
17.11.2016 
4-2600202 
APU FIRE BOTTLE 
COMP 
YT 
1.989 
1.015 
565 
07.09.2010 
14.11.2013 319769827 
13.11.2018 
4-2600202A 
4-2600202A APU FIRE EXTINGUISHER BOTTLE 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 
17.11.2016 
4-2600203A 
CARGO COMPARTMENTS FIRE EXTINGUISHING BO 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2600203B 
4-26002036 CARGO COMPARTMENT FIRE EXTIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 
17.11.2016 
4-2600204 
MAIN AND UPPER DECK PORTABLE FIRE EXTING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2600205 
4-2600205 PORTABLE FIRE EXTINGUISHER BO 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 
17.11.2016 
4-26003011 
LEFT WING FIRE PROTECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26004011 
NO. 1 ENGINE FIRE AND OVERHEAT DETECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26004012 
NO. 2 ENGINE FIRE AND OVERHEAT DETECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26004013 
NO. 3 ENGINE FIRE AND OVERHEAT DETECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-26004014 
NO. 4 ENGINE FIRE AND OVERHEAT DETECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2600402 
WHEEL WELL FIRE DETECTION SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2600403 
APU FIRE AND OVERHEAT DETECTION SYSTEM. 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2600404 
FIRE AND OVERHEAT DETECTION SYSTEMS. WAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-26004051 
NACELLE STRUT OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
690 
384 
3.842 
666 
26.02.2016 
24.02.2016 321093826 22.02.2019 
4-26004052 
NACELLE STRUT OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
690 
384 
3.842 
668 
26.02.2016 
24.02.2016 321093828 24.02.2019 
4-26004053 
NACELLE STRUT OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
690 
384 
3.842 
668 
26.02.2016 
24.02.2016 321093832 24.02.2019 
4-26004054 
NACELLE STRUT OVERHEAT SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
690 
384 
3.842 
669 
26.02.2016 
24.02.2016 321093830 25.02.2019 
4-2600501 
FORWARD CARGO SMOKE DETECTION SYSTEM 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2600502 
AFT CARGO SMOKE DETECTION SYSTEM 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2600503 
LOWER CARGO SMOKE DETECTION SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-26008011A 
#1 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHER PRESS SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.152 
-222 
19.09.2013 
29.05.2008 321093437 
17.09.2016 
4-26008012A 
#2 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHER PRESS SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.152 
-225 
16.09.2013 
29.05.2008 321093435 
14.09.2016 
4-26008013A 
#3 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHER PRESS SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.152 
-224 
17.09.2013 
29.05.2008 321093434 
15.09.2016 
4-26008014A 
#4 ENGINE FIRE EXTINGUISHER PRESS SWITCH 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.152 
-223 
18.09.2013 
29.05.2008 321093436 
16.09.2016 
4-2601001 
LAVATORY FIRE EXTINGUISHING 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.2601101 
ENGINE FIRE SWITCH 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
4.2601201 
APU FIRE SWITCH FLAG 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2601301 
LAVATORY SMOKE DETECTOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27001011 
LEFT WING AILERONS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27001012 
RIGHT WING AILERONS. OUTBOARD AND INBOAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2700201 
RUDDERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27002011 
AILERON CONTROL COMPONENTS LEFT WING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27002012 
AILERON CONTROL COMPONENTS RIGHT WING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2700202 
AILERON PROGRAMMERS L & R HAND 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27003011 
LEFT WING SPOILERS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27003012 
RIGHT WING SPOILERS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27004011 
LEFT WING SPOILER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27004012 
RIGHT WING SPOILER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27005021 
LEFT WING T E FLAP 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27005022 
RIGHT WING T E FLAP 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27005031A 
LEFT WING TE FLAP SYSTEM LUBE 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27005032A 
RIGHT WING TE FLAP SYSTEM LUBE 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27006011 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE FLAPS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27006012 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE FLAPS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27006021 
LEFT WING L E KREUGER FLAPS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27006022 
RIGHT WING L E KREUGER FLAPS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27006031 
LEFT L.E. FLAPS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27006032 
RIGHT L E FLAPS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-2700604 
LEADING EDGE FLAP SYSTEM 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27006051 
LEFT WING LE KREUGER FLAPS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27006052 
RIGHT WING LE KREUGER FLAPS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27006063 
LH LEADING EDGE FLAP ALT DRIVE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-27006064 
RH LEADING EDGE FLAP ALT DRIVE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-27007011A 
LEFT WING T E FLAP MECHANISMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27007012A 
RIGHT WING T E FLAP MECHANISMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2700702A 
T E FLAP MECHANISMS IN WHEEL WELLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2700703A 
FLAP FAILURE PROTECTION SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809918
--- PAGE 16 ---
4-27007041 
T E FLAP POWER UNITS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27007042 
T E FLAP POWER UNITS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27007061A 
LH T E FLAP GEARBOXES AND COUPLINGS - LU 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27007062A 
RH T E FLAP GEARBOXES AND COUPLINGS - LU 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27007071A 
LEFT HAND T E FLAP GEAR BOXES 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-27007072A 
RIGHT HAND T E FLAP GEAR BOXES 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-2700709 
TRAILING EDGE FLAP DRIVE UNITS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27008011 
LEFT ELEVATOR INSTALLATION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27008012 
RIGHT ELEVATOR INSTALLATION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27009011 
LEFT ELEVATOR CONTROL MECHANISMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27009012 
RIGHT ELEVATOR CONTROL MECHANISMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2700902 
ELEVATOR CONTROL MECHANISMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2700903 
ELEVATOR FEEL COMPUTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2700904 
ELEVATOR CONTROL MECHANISMS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-2701002 
UPPER AND LOWER RUDDERS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2701101A 
RUDDER CONTROL MECHANISMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2701201 
RUDDER PEDALS AND JACKSHAFT 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-2701301 
CABLES UNDER COCKPIT FLOOR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-2701302 
CABLES UNDER COCKPIT FLOOR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-2701401 
STABILIZER TRIM DRIVE LIMIT SWITCHES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2701402 
STABILIZER TRIM SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2701403 
STABILIZER TRIM MECHANISMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2701404 
STAB TRIM CONTROL MODULE FILTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2701501 
TRAILING EDGE FLAP ALTERNATE DRIVE MOTOR 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
4-2701602 
STALL WARNING SYSTEM AND FLAP POSITION T 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2701701A 
OVER - ROTATION WARNING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-27019011 
LH WING CONTROL SURFACE SEALS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-27019012 
RH WING CONTROL SURFACE SEALS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-2702001 
FORWARD ELEVATOR QUADRANT TENSION 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.2702101 
RUDDER RIGGING 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.28001011 
FUEL SYSTEM COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-28001012 
FUEL SYSTEM COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-28001021 
THE FUEL JETTISON SYSTEM IN THE LEFT WIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-28001022 
THE FUEL JETTISON SYSTEM IN THE RIGHT WI 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2800103 
APU FUEL FEED SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2800104 
FUEL LOW PRESSURE INDICATION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2800105 
FUEL SURGE TANK FLOAT SWITCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2800201 
FUEL QUANTITY INDICATING SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-28003011 
FUEL SURGE TANK RELIEF VALVES 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-28003012 
SURGE TANK RELIEF VALVES 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-2800401 
THE FUEL JETTISON SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2900101 
AC MOTOR HYDRAULIC SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-2900201 
HYDRAULIC SYSTEM INTERNAL LEAKAGE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-2900301 
AC MOTOR DRIVEN PUMP 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-29003011 
CHECK HYDRAULIC SYSTEM NO. 1 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-29003012 
CHECK HYDRAULIC SYSTEM NO. 2 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-29003013 
CHECK HYDRAULIC SYSTEM NO. 3 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-29003014 
CHECK HYDRAULIC SYSTEM NO. 4 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-29004011 
NO. 1 HYD RESERVOIR PRESSURIZATION CHECK 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-29004012 
NO. 2 HYD RESERVOIR PRESSURIZATION CHECK 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-29004013 
NO. 3 HYD RESERVOIR PRESSURIZATION CHECK 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-29004014 
NO. 4 HYD RESERVOIR PRESSURIZATION CHECK 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-29005011 
HYDRAULIC CASE DRAIN FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-29005012 
HYDRAULIC CASE DRAIN FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-29006011 
HYDRAULIC PRESSURE FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-29006012 
HYDRAULIC PRESSURE FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-2900701 
AUXILIARY POWER HYDRAULIC MOTOR)PUMP 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-29007011 
HYDRAULIC RETURN FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-29007012 
HYDRAULIC RETURN FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-2900801 
HYDRAULIC FLUID SAMPLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-29008011 
HYDRAULIC RESERVOIR FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-29008012 
HYDRAULIC RESERVOIR FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-2900901 
NOSE WHEEL WELL COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-29009011 
AIR DRIVEN HYD PUMP FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-29009012 
AIR DRIVEN HYD PUMP FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4.29010011 
WHEEL WELL COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.29010012 
WHEEL WELL COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.29010013 
WHEEL WELL COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.29010014 
WHEEL WELL COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.29011011 
WING HYDRAULIC COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-29011012 
WING HYDRAULIC COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-30001011 
NACELLE 1 ANTI-ICE CONTROL VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-30001012 
NACELLE 2 ANTI-ICE CONTROL VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-30001013 
NACELLE 3 ANTI-ICE CONTROL VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-30001014 
NACELLE 4 ANTI-ICE CONTROL VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3000201 
THE WINDSHIELD WIPER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809919
--- PAGE 17 ---
4-3000301 
RAIN REPELLANT AND WASHER SYSTEMS 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-30004011 
LEFT WING THERMAL ANTI-ICE VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-30004012 
RIGHT WING THERMAL ANTI-ICE VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3000501 
CABIN WINDOW ANTI-ICING SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3000601A 
FORWARD. MID AND AFT TOILET DRAIN HEATER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3000602A 
POTABLE WATER LINE HEATERS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-3000603 
POTABLE WATER LINE HEATERS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-3000604 
POTABLE WATER LINE HEATERS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-3100101 
INSTRUMENT PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.3100201 
FLIGHT DATA RECORDER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.3100202 
FLIGHT RECORDER SYSTEM TAPE READOUT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.3100301A 
UNDERWATER LOCATOR DEVICES (ULD) 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.3100501 
CABIN ATTENDANTS PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3100601 
AURAL WARNING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32001011 
LEFT WING LANDING GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32001012 
RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32001013 
LEFT BODY LANDING GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32001014 
RIGHT BODY LANDING GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3200201 
NOSE LANDING GEAR ASSEMBLY 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3200202A 
NLG TORSION LINKS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-32003011 
LEFT WING LANDING GEAR ASSEMBLY ELECTRIC 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32003012 
RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR ASSEMBLY ELECTRI 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32003013 
LEFT BODY LANDING GEAR ELECTRICALS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32003014 
RIGHT BODY LANDING GEAR ELECTRICALS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32003015 
NOSE LANDING GEAR ELECTRICALS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32004011 
LEFT WING LANDING GEAR DOOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32004012 
RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32004013 
LEFT BODY LANDING GEAR DOOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32004014 
RIGHT BODY LANDING GEAR DOOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32004015 
NOSE GEAR DOOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32005011 
LEFT WING GEAR WHEEL WELL DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32005012 
RIGHT WING GEAR WHEEL WELL DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32005013 
LEFT BODY GEAR WHEEL WELL DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32005014 
RIGHT BODY GEAR WHEEL WELL DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3200502 
NOSE GEAR WHEEL WELL DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32006011 
LEFT BODY GEAR STEERING CONTROL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32006012 
RIGHT BODY GEAR STEERING CONTROL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3200602 
NOSE GEAR STEERING CONTROL SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3200701 
LANDING GEAR STEERING SYSTEM 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-3200801 
LANDING GEAR ALTERNATE EXTENSION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
4-3200901 
LANDING GEAR SELECTOR VALVES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3201001 
WHEELS AND BRAKES COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3201002 
AUTOBRAKE CONTROL MODULE FILTER 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-3201003 
BRAKE COMPONENT CHECKS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32010041 
BRAKE ANTI-SKID MODULES LEFT WING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32010042 
BRAKE ANTI-SKID MODULES RIGHT WING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32010043 
BRAKE ANTI-SKID MODULES LEFT BODY GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-32010044 
BRAKE ANTI-SKID MODULES RIGHT BODY GEAR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3201101 
NOSE GEAR STEERING METERING VALVE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3201102 
BODY GEAR STEERING CONTROL MODULES 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3201103 
BODY GEAR STEERING MODULE FILTERS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3201201A 
NOSE GEAR SAMPLE INSPECTION 
4C 
66.147 
9.001 
30.07.2004 
316752838 
4-3201202A 
BODY GEAR SAMPLE INSPECTION 
4C 
66.147 
9.001 
30.07.2004 
316752267 
4-3201203A 
WING GEAR SAMPLING INSPECTION 
4C 
66.147 
9.001 
30.07.2004 
316753091 
4-3201301 
NOSE GEAR LOCK SENSOR AND UP SENSOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3201401 
LANDING GEAR AND GEAR DOOR CABLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3201402 
U/C AND U/C DOOR CABLE LUBE - COCKPIT. 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-32015011 
BODY LANDING GEAR AND COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-32015012 
BODY LANDING GEAR AND COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-32015013 
WING LANDING GEAR AND COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-32015014 
WING LANDING GEAR AND COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3201601 
NOSE LANDING GEAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3300101 
CONTROL CABIN LIGHTS 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3300201 
MAIN DECK LIGHTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3300202 
UPPER DECK LIGHTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3300301 
SERVICE COMPARTMENT LIGHTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3300302 
TAIL COMPARTMENT LIGHTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3300501 
EMERGENCY LIGHTING CHARGING CIRCUIT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3300701 
SELF-ILLUMINATING EXIT SIGNS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-3400101A 
DRAIN PITOT-STATIC SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.763 
10.366 
1.632 
-162 
24.03.2017 324832010 
17.11.2016 
4-3400201 
ALTITUDE ALERT SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3400301 
AIR DATA PRESSURE INSTRUMENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3400401 
AIR DATA SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3400402 
AIR DATA COMPUTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3400501 
MACH/AIRSPEED WARNING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3400601 
MAGNETIC HEADING COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809920
--- PAGE 18 ---
4-3400602A 
COMPASS SWING 
18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316758874 
12.11.2022 
4-3400701 
FLIGHT DIRECTOR SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3400801 
VOR ANTENNA CHECK 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3400802 
NAV SYSTEMS ANTENNAS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3400803 
VOR/ILS COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3400901 
MARKER BEACON RECEIVER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3400902 
MARKER BEACON SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401001A 
LOW RANGE RADIO ALTIMETER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401002A 
LOW RANGE RADIO ALTIMETER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401201 
WEATHER RADAR SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401202 
WEATHER RADAR SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401301 
CENTRAL INSTRUMENT WARNING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401302 
CENTRAL INSTRUMENT WARNING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401401A 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401402A 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401403A 
BIT MODE-S ADDRSS AIRFRAME CODE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401501 
DISTANCE MEASURING EQUIPMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401502 
DISTANCE MEASURING EQUIPMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401601A 
AUTOMATIC DIRECTION FINDER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401602 
AUTOMATIC DIRECTION FINDER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3401701A 
PITOT STATIC SYSTEMS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3402001 
RADOME INTERIOR AND COMPONENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3402101 
DME AND ATC ANTENNAS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3402201 
AIRSPEED MACH INDICATORS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3500201 
PASSENGER OXYGEN SYSTEM 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3500202 
PASSENGER OXYGEN SYSTEM 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3500203 
PASSENGER SERVICE UNITS AND OXYGEN SYSTE 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3500301 
OXYGEN SYSTEM UNITS 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
366 
272 
6.459 
-196 
11.10.2010 
06.08.2010 316859128 
13.10.2016 
4-3500301 
OXYGEN SYSTEM UNITS 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.523 
819 
6.459 
-196 
11.10.2010 
06.08.2010 316859129 
13.10.2016 
4-3500301 
OXYGEN SYSTEM UNITS 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
366 
272 
6.459 
-196 
11.10.2010 
06.08.2010 316859130 
13.10.2016 
4-3500302 
OXYGEN BOTTLES AND INSTALLATION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3500401 
OXYGEN BLEED RELIEF VALVES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-350051 
FLIGHT AND CABIN CREW SMOKE HOODS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36001021A 
NO. 1 ENG BLEED AIR SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36001022A 
NO. 2 ENG BLEED AIR SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36001023A 
NO. 3 ENG BLEED AIR SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36001024A 
NO. 4 ENG BLEED AIR SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36002011 
NO.1 PYLON BLEED AIR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36002011A 
BLEED AIR VALVE CONTROL FILTER ENGINE #1 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-36002012 
NO.2 PYLON BLEED AIR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36002012A 
BLEED AIR VALVE CONTROL FILTER ENGINE 2 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-36002013 
NO.3 PYLON BLEED AIR 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36002013A 
BLEED AIR VALVE CONTROL FILTER #3 EINGIN 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-36002014 
NO.4 PYLON BLEED AIR 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36002014A 
BLEED AIR VALVE CONTROL FILTER #4 ENGINE 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-36002021 
NO.1 PYLON VALVE TEST PORT AIR FILTERS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-36002022 
NO.2 PYLON VALVE TEST PORT AIR FILTERS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-36002023 
NO.3 PYLON VALVE TEST PORT AIR FILTERS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-36002024 
NO.4 PYLON VALVE TEST PORT AIR FILTERS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-36003011 
NO.1 ENGINE HIGH STAGE BLEED AIR VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36003012 
NO.2 ENGINE HIGH STAGE BLEED AIR VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36003013 
NO.3 ENGINE HIGH STAGE BLEED AIR VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36003014 
NO.4 ENGINE HIGH STAGE BLEED AIR VALVE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36004011 
NO.1 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-217 
20.09.2010 
13.09.2010 316859119 22.09.2016 
4-36004011 
NO.1 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-217 
20.09.2010 
13.09.2010 316859144 
22.09.2016 
4-36004011 
NO.1 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-236 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 316747277 03.09.2016 
4-36004011 
NO.1 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-236 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 316747276 03.09.2016 
4-36004012 
NO.2 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-217 
20.09.2010 
13.09.2010 316859119 22.09.2016 
4-36004012 
NO.2 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-217 
20.09.2010 
13.09.2010 316859144 
22.09.2016 
4-36004012 
NO.2 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-236 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 316747276 03.09.2016 
4-36004012 
NO.2 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-236 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 316747277 03.09.2016 
4-36004013 
NO.3 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-236 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 316747276 03.09.2016 
4-36004013 
NO.3 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-236 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 316747277 03.09.2016 
4-36004013 
NO.3 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-217 
20.09.2010 
13.09.2010 316859144 
22.09.2016 
4-36004013 
NO.3 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-217 
20.09.2010 
13.09.2010 316859119 22.09.2016 
4-36004014 
NO.4 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-217 
20.09.2010 
13.09.2010 316859119 22.09.2016 
4-36004014 
NO.4 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-217 
20.09.2010 
13.09.2010 316859144 
22.09.2016 
4-36004014 
NO.4 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
6.459 
-236 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 316747277 03.09.2016 
4-36004014 
NO.4 BLEED AIR OVERTEMP SWITCH 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
67.221 
9.615 
6.459 
-236 
01.09.2010 
25.08.2010 316747276 03.09.2016 
4-36005011 
NO.1 BLEED TEMP SENSOR AND CONTROL 
COMP 2.000 
MI 
1.841 
121 
26.02.2016 
03.10.2014 
323743188 26.08.2017 
4-36005012 
NO.2 BLEED TEMP SENSOR AND CONTROL 
COMP 2.000 
MI 
1.737 
948 
1.632 
-177 
04.05.2015 
31.03.2015 321106193 01.11.2016 
4-36005013A 
NO.3 BLEED TEMP SENSOR AND CONTROL 
COMP 2.000 
MI 
1.629 
844 
1.632 
-181 
30.04.2015 
01.04.2015 321106190 28.10.2016 
4-36005014 
NO.4 BLEED TEMP SENSOR AND CONTROL 
COMP 2.000 
MI 
898 
121 
26.02.2016 
28.10.2015 321106182 26.08.2017 
4-36005021 
PRECOOLER VALVE AND ACTUATOR. #1 ENGINE 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36005022 
PRECOOLER VALVE AND ACTUATOR. #2 ENGINE 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36005023 
PRECOOLER VALVE AND ACTUATOR. #3 ENGINE 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809921
--- PAGE 19 ---
4-36005024 
PRECOOLER VALVE AND ACTUATOR. #4 ENGINE 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36005031 
#1 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
74.648 
16.556 
6.803 
236 
01.10.2012 
06.08.2010 316809541 
19.12.2017 
4-36005031 
#1 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
61.338 
14.771 
7.079 
629 
04.04.2014 
06.08.2010 316809542 
16.01.2019 
4-36005031 
#1 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.198 
653 
7.133 
705 
18.05.2015 
06.08.2010 316809543 02.04.2019 
4-36005032 
#2 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
61.338 
14.771 
7.079 
629 
04.04.2014 
06.08.2010 316809542 
16.01.2019 
4-36005032 
#2 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
74.648 
16.556 
6.803 
236 
01.10.2012 
06.08.2010 316809541 
19.12.2017 
4-36005032 
#2 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.198 
653 
7.133 
705 
18.05.2015 
06.08.2010 316809543 02.04.2019 
4-36005033 
#3 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
74.648 
16.556 
6.803 
236 
01.10.2012 
06.08.2010 316809541 
19.12.2017 
4-36005033 
#3 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
61.338 
14.771 
7.079 
629 
04.04.2014 
06.08.2010 316809542 
16.01.2019 
4-36005033 
#3 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.198 
653 
7.133 
705 
18.05.2015 
06.08.2010 316809543 02.04.2019 
4-36005034 
#4 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
74.648 
16.556 
6.803 
236 
01.10.2012 
06.08.2010 316809541 
19.12.2017 
4-36005034 
#4 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
61.338 
14.771 
7.079 
629 
04.04.2014 
06.08.2010 316809542 
16.01.2019 
4-36005034 
#4 ENGINE PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE 
COMP 8.000 
MI 
1.198 
653 
7.133 
705 
18.05.2015 
06.08.2010 316809543 02.04.2019 
4-3600601 
APU BLEED AIR SYSTEM. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36006021 
#1 ENGINE INTER STAGE BLEED CHECK VALVE 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
75.326 
16.868 
3.841 
667 
25.02.2016 
13.03.2015 323736940 23.02.2019 
4-36006022 
#2 ENGINE INTER STAGE BLEED CHECK VALVE 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
695 
256 
3.706 
513 
24.09.2015 
26.11.2014 
321279998 22.09.2018 
4-36006023 
#3 ENGINE INTER STAGE BLEED CHECK VALVE 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.480 
219 
04.12.2014 
01.01.1900 316756691 02.12.2017 
4-36006024 
#4 ENGINE INTER STAGE BLEED CHECK VALVE 
COMP 4.000 
MI 
3.308 
21.03.2014 
01.01.1900 316756690 
19.03.2017 
4-3600603 
ENGINE BLEED AIR DISTRIBUTION 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-36006041 
NO.1 ENG BLEED AIR PRECOOLER 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-36006042 
NO.2 ENG BLEED AIR PRECOOLER 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-36006043 
NO.3 ENG BLEED AIR PRECOOLER 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-36006044 
NO.4 ENG BLEED AIR PRECOOLER 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3600701 
AIR CONDITIONING ISOLATION VALVES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3800101 
WATER SYSTEM TANK COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3800101A 
POTABLE WATER FILTERS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-3800102 
WATER SYSTEM COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3800103 
WATER TANKS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-3800104 
WATER TANK PRESSURE SWITCH AND RELAY 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-3800201A 
WASTE DISPOSAL SYSTEMS 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3800202 
LAVATORY COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-3800203 
LAVATORY DUMP CABLE 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-4900101 
APU INLET DOOR ACTUATOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-4900201 
APU CONTROLS AND INDICATORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-4900202 
APU REMOTE STOP SWITCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-4900301 
APU INSTALLATION. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-4900401 
APU SYSTEM COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-4900501 
APU FIREWALL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-4900601 
APU COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-4900601A 
APU FUEL FILTER/ STRAINER 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-4900801 
APU DRAIN SYSTEM 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-4900901 
APU COMPRESSOR DISCHARGE FILTER 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-4901001 
APU LOAD CONTROL VALVE 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-5200101 
CREW UPPER DECK DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200102A 
MAIN DECK ENTRY DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200103 
MAIN DECK ENTRY DOOR ROTARY SNUBBERS 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200104A 
MAIN DECK ENTRY DOORS - LUBE 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-5200105A 
CREW UPPER DECK DOOR LUBE 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-5200106A 
CREW UPPER DECK DOOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200107A 
MAIN DECK ENTRY DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200109A 
MAIN DECK ENTRY DOORS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5200201 
CREW EMERGENCY EXIT HATCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200202 
CREW EMERGENCY EXIT HATCH 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-5200303 
FORWARD CARGO DOOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200304 
AFT CARGO DOOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200306A 
NUMBER 1 ENTRY DOOR - DEACTIVATED 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5200307A 
NUMBER 1 ENTRY DOOR - DEACTIVATED 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5200308 
NUMBER 1 DEACT ENTRY DOOR ROTARY SNUBBER 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5200401 
APU DOORS 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200402 
APU DOORS LUB 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-5200403 
FWD E & E COMPT DOOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200404 
E & E COMPARTMENT DOOR 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-5200407 
AIR COND BAY DOORS - INSP 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200408 
AIR COND BAY DOORS - LUBE 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-5200501A 
PASS CABIN INTERIOR DOORS 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5200502A 
MAIN DECK E & E COMPT ACCESS PANEL LUBE 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-5200601A 
DOOR WARNING SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5200801 
FUSELAGE DOORS AND HATCHES 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5200802A 
INSPECT LOWER LOBE DOORS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5200901 
PASSENGER ENTRY DOORS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5200902A 
UPPER DECK DOOR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.5201001 
CREW EMERGENCY EXIT HATCH 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.5201101A 
TOILET SERVICE PANELS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5201301 
CARGO DOORS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5201401 
ELECTRONICS BAY EXTERNAL ACCESS DOOR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5300101 
FUSELAGE PRESSURIZED AREA LEAK TEST 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809922
--- PAGE 20 ---
4-5300201A 
CABLES IN FUSELAGE PRESSURIZED AREA 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5300202A 
CABLES IN FUSELAGE PRESSURIZED AREA 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5300203 
BS 960 AND BS 980 CABLE INSPECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5300204 
BS 960 AND BS 980 CABLE LUBE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5300301 
AFT CARGO COMPARTMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5300302 
FWD CARGO COMPARTMENT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5300401 
AREAS AROUND NOSE WHEEL WELL 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5300601 
DEPRESSURIZATION VENT SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5300602 
DEPRESSURIZATION VENT SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5300603 
DEPRESSURIZATION VENT SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5300604 
CABIN SIDEWALL VENT BOXES 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5300605A 
FLOOR VENT PANELS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5300606A 
AFT CARGO VENT SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5300607 
AFT CARGO VENT SYSTEM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5300701 
NOSE RADOME EXTERIOR 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5300801A 
FUSELAGE EXTERIOR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5300901 
EMPENNAGE AND TAIL COMPARTMENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5300902 
AIR CONDITIONING BAYS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5300903 
INSPECT ALL WHEEL WELLS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5300904A 
LOWER LOBE COMPARTMENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5301001 
EMPENNAGE EXTERIOR - TAIL COMPARTMENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5301101 
NOSE GEAR WHEEL WELL AREAS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-53012011 
LEFT WING GEAR WHEEL WELL 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.53012012 
RIGHT WING GEAR WHEEL WELL 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.53012013 
LEFT BODY GEAR WHEEL WELL 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.53012014 
RIGHT BODY GEAR WHEEL WELL 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5301301 
SEAT TRACKS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5301401 
CONTROL CABIN SEAT TRACKS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.5301501 
AFT PRESSURE BULKHEAD 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.5301601 
FUSELAGE CROWN AREA 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.5301701 
LOWER LOBE FUSELAGE INTERIOR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.5301702 
LOWER LOBE BILGE AREAS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5301801A 
WING TO BODY FAIRING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5301801B 
WING TO BODY FAIRING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5301901 
CARGO DOORS AND OPENINGS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5302001 
ENTRY DOOR OPENINGS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5302002 
UPPER DECK/CREW OPENINGS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5302201 
MAIN DECK FLOOR STRUCTURE. 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5302202 
UPPER DECK FLOOR STRUCTURE: 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5302301 
UNDER GALLEYS AND LAVATORIES 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.5302401 
CANTED BULKHEAD 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.5302501 
RADOME LIGHTNING DIVERTERS: 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.5302601 
EXTERNAL FUSELAGE SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.5302602 
EXTERNAL FUSELAGE SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.5302701 
RADIO ALTIMETER ANTENNA 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.5302801 
NOSE WHEEL WELL 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.5302901 
FLOOR BEAMS AND STRUCTURE 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4.53030011 
EMPANNAGE SKIN - LEFT SIDE 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-53030012 
EMPANNAGE SKIN - RIGHT SIDE 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-53031011 
LEFT TAIL CONE/ EMPENNAGE SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-53031012 
RIGHT TAIL CONE/ EMPENNAGE SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-53037011 
FUSELAGE UPPER LOBE SKIN 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-53040011A 
LEFT SIDE OF THE FUSELAGE - EXTERNAL INS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.53040012A 
RIGHT SIDE OF THE FUSELAGE - EXTERNAL IN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.53041011A 
LEFT SIDE OF THE FUSELAGE - EXTERNAL INS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.53041012A 
RIGHT SIDE OF THE FUSELAGE - EXTERNAL IN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.53042011 
LEFT TE FLAP UNITS AND FAIRING EXTERNAL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-53042012 
RIGHT TE FLAP UNITS AND FAIRING EXTERNAL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-53043011 
FUSELAGE AND DOORS-LEFT EXTERNAL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-53043012 
FUSELAGE AND DOORS-RIGHT EXTERNAL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-53044011 
LEFT SIDE FUSELAGE SKIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-53044012 
RIGHT SIDE FUSELAGE SKIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-53045011 
LEFT SIDE AFT FUSELAGE AND TAIL CONE EXT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-53045012 
RIGHT SIDE AFT FUSELAGE AND TAIL CONE EX 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5304601 
NOSE WHEEL WELL CAVITY 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5304701 
FUSELAGE ACCESS CUTOUTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5304801 
FORWARD CARGO COMPARTMENT DOOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-53049011 
FUSELAGE SKIN - LEFT SIDE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-53049012 
FUSELAGE SKIN - RIGHT SIDE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-53050011 
LEFT SIDE FUSELAGE SKIN EXTERIOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.53050012 
RIGHT SIDE FUSELAGE SKIN EXTERIOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.5305101 
AFT CARGO DOORS AND SILLS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.53052011 
LEFT WHEEL WELLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.53052012 
RIGHT WHEEL WELLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.53053011 
LEFT SIDE FUSELAGE SKIN. DOOR AND WINDOW 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.53053012 
RIGHT SIDE FUSELAGE SKIN. DOOR AND WINDO 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809923
--- PAGE 21 ---
4.53054011A 
LEFT SIDE FUSELAGE AND DOOR SKINS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.53054012A 
RIGHT SIDE FUSELAGE AND DOOR SKINS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.53055011 
LEFT SIDE OF FUSELAGE. EXTERIOR SKIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.53055012 
RIGHT SIDE OF FUSELAGE EXTERIOR SKIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.53056011 
LEFT TAIL CONE/ EMPENNAGE SKIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.53056012 
RIGHT TAIL CONE/ EMPENNAGE SKIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.53057011 
LEFT SIDE FUSELAGE EXTERIOR SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.53057012 
RIGHT SIDE FUSELAGE EXTERIOR SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.5305801 
AFT CARGO DOORS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-53059011 
LOWER LEFT SIDE OF FUSELAGE EXTERNAL SKI 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-53059012 
LOWER RIGHT SIDE OF FUSELAGE EXTERNAL SK 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5306001 
KEEL BEAM WEB 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-53061011A 
LEFT SIDE UPPER LOBE FUSELAGE SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-53061012 
RIGHT SIDE UPPER LOBE FUSELAGE SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-53063011 
LEFT FWD FUSELAGE SKIN 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-53063012 
RIGHT FWD FUSELAGE SKIN 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-53064011 
FUSELAGE SKIN - LEFT SIDE 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-53064012 
FUSELAGE SKIN - RIGHT SIDE 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5306501 
NOSE WHEEL WELL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5306601 
NOSE WHEEL WELL AREA 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5306701 
NOSE WHEEL WELL SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-54001011 
NO. 1 ENGINE MOUNTS AND THRUST LINKS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54001012 
NO. 2 ENGINE MOUNTS AND THRUST LINKS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54001013 
NO. 3 ENGINE MOUNTS AND THRUST LINKS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54001014 
NO. 4 ENGINE MOUNTS AND THRUST LINKS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54002011 
NO. 1 PYLON INTERIOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54002012 
NO. 2 PYLON INTERIOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54002013 
NO. 3 PYLON INTERIOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54002014 
NO. 4 PYLON INTERIOR 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54002021 
NO. 1 PYLON INTERIOR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-54002022 
NO. 2 PYLON INTERIOR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-54002023 
NO. 3 PYLON INTERIOR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-54002024 
NO. 4 PYLON INTERIOR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-54003011A 
NO. 1 FORWARD ENGINE MOUNT BOLTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54003012A 
NO. 2 FORWARD ENGINE MOUNT BOLTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54003013A 
NO. 3 FORWARD ENGINE MOUNT BOLTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54003014A 
NO. 4 FORWARD ENGINE MOUNT BOLTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54004011 
NO. 1 ENG STRUT ACCESS DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54004012 
NO. 2 ENG STRUT ACCESS DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54004013 
NO. 3 ENG STRUT ACCESS DOORS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54004014 
NO. 4 ENG STRUT ACCESS DOORS 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-54005011A 
NO. 2 NACELLE STRUT UPPER LINK 
NT 
360 
DT 
67.915 
9.905 
14.11.2013 319769582 
4-54005012A 
NO. 3 NACELLE STRUT UPPER LINK 
NT 
360 
DT 
67.915 
9.905 
14.11.2013 319769582 
4-54007011 
NO. 1 ENGINE STRUT 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-54007012 
NO. 2 ENGINE STRUT 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-54007013 
NO. 3 ENGINE STRUT 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-54007014 
NO. 4 ENGINE STRUT 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-54008011 
NO. 1 NACELLE STRUT CAVITY 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-54008012 
NO. 2 NACELLE STRUT CAVITY 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-54008013 
NO. 3 NACELLE STRUT CAVITY 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-54008014 
NO. 4 NACELLE STRUT CAVITY 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-55001011 
LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-55001012 
RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5500201 
VERTICAL STABILIZER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5500301 
EMPENNAGE CONTROL SURFACE CABLES 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5500302 
EMPENNAGE CONTROL SURFACE CABLES 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5500401 
HORIZONTAL STABILIZER PIVOTS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5500501 
LEFT. RIGHT AND VERTICAL STAB TE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5500601 
INSPECT EMPENNAGE SURFACES 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-55007011 
LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-55007012 
RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-55008011 
LEFT ELEVATOR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-55008012 
RIGHT ELEVATOR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5500901 
VERTICAL STABILIZER RUDDER FITTINGS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5500902 
VERTICAL STABILIZER SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5501001 
UPPER RUDDER SPAR AND INTERIOR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5501101 
VERTICAL FIN ATTACH FITTINGS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-55012011 
VERTICAL FIN - LEFT SIDE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-55012012 
VERTICAL FIN - RIGHT SIDE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-55013011 
LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER UPPER AND LOW 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-55013012 
RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER UPPER AND LO 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.55014011 
LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.55014012 
RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.55015011 
LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-55015012 
RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-55016011 
LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809924
--- PAGE 22 ---
4-55016012 
RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-55017011 
LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-55017012 
RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-55018011 
LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-55018012 
RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5501901 
STABILIZER CENTER SECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5502001 
STABILIZER CENTER SECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-55020021 
LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER EXTERIOR SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.55020022 
RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER EXTERIOR SKI 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.55021011 
VERTICAL FIN - LEFT SIDE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.55021012 
VERTICAL FIN - RIGHT SIDE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.5600101 
CONTROL CABIN WINDOWS -EXTERNAL 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5600102 
CONTROL CABIN WINDOWS - INTERNAL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5600201 
PASSENGER CABIN WINDOWS - EXT/ INT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-56003011 
WINDOWS EXTERNAL - LEFT SIDE 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-56003012 
WINDOWS EXTERNAL- RIGHT SIDE 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-57001011 
LEFT WING EXTERNAL SURFACES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57001012 
RIGHT WING EXTERNAL SURFACES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57002011 
LEFT WING, WITH LEADING EDGE FLAPS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57002012 
RIGHT WING. WITH LEADING EDGE FLAPS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57003011 
LEFT WING WITH TRAILING EDGE FLAPS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57003012 
RIGHT WING WITH TRAILING EDGE FLAPS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57004011 
NO. 1 & 2 NACELLE/ WING FITTINGS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-57004012 
NO. 3 & 4 NACELLE/ WING FITTINGS 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-57007011 
WING LEADING EDGE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57007012 
WING LEADING EDGE 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57008011 
EXTERIOR PAINTED SURFACES OF WING 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57008012 
EXTERIOR PAINTED SURFACES OF WING 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57009011 
FRONT AND REAR WING SPARS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57009012 
FRONT AND REAR WING SPARS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57010011 
INSPAR WING SKIN PANELS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57010012 
INSPAR WING SKIN PANELS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57011011 
LEADING EDGE WING PANELS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57011012 
LEADING EDGE WING PANELS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57012011 
WING LOWER SKIN AND THE BOOST PUMP DOORS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-57012012 
WING LOWER SKIN AND THE BOOST PUMP DOORS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-57013011 
LEFT WING TRAILING EDGE FLAPS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57013012 
RIGHT WING TRAILING EDGE FLAPS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57014011 
LEFT WING LANDING GEAR SUPPORT BEAM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57014012 
RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR SUPPORT BEAM 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57015011 
FUEL TANK ACCESS PANELS: 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-57015012 
FUEL TANK ACCESS PANELS: 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5701601 
WING TO BODY FAIRINGS 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-5701701 
WING CENTER SECTION SKIN 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-57018011 
OUTBOARD TRAILING EDGE FLAP 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57018012 
OUTBOARD TRAILING EDGE FLAP 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57019011 
INBOARD TRAILING EDGE FLAP 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57019012 
INBOARD TRAILING EDGE FLAP 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57020011 
FLAP TRACK ATTACHMENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57020012 
FLAP TRACK ATTACHMENTS 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57021011 
LOWER WING SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57021012 
LOWER WING SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57022011 
WING REAR SPAR WEB 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57022012 
WING REAR SPAR WEB 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57023011 
AILERON EXTERNAL SURFACE/SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57023012 
AILERON EXTERNAL SURFACE/SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57024011 
FRONT SPAR STRUCTURE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57024012 
FRONT SPAR STRUCTURE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57025011 
LOWER WING SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57025012 
LOWER WING SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57026011 
LOWER WING SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57026012 
LOWER WING SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57027011 
UPPER WING SKIN 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57027012 
UPPER WING SKIN 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57028011 
UPPER WING SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57028012 
UPPER WING SKIN 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57029011 
CENTER WING BOX FROM LH WHEEL 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57029012 
CENTER WING BOX FROM RH WHEEL 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-5703001 
CENTER WING BOX SKIN 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-57031011 
LANDING GEAR BEAM AND TRUNNION 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57031012 
LANDING GEAR BEAM AND TRUNNION 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57032011 
LEFT WING TRAILING EDGE ATTACHMENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57032012 
RIGHT WING TRAILING EDGE ATTACHMENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57033011 
WING REAR SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57033012 
WING REAR SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57034011 
WING FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809925
--- PAGE 23 ---
4-57034012 
WING FRONT SPAR 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-57035011 
LEFT WING KREUGER FLAPS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57035012 
RIGHT WING KREUGER FLAPS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57036011 
VARIABLE CAMBER FLAPS - LEFT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57036012 
VARIABLE CAMBER FLAPS - RIGHT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57037011 
VARIABLE CAMBER FLAPS - LEFT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-57037012 
VARIABLE CAMBER FLAPS - RIGHT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-5711001 
FRONT SPAR LWR CORD RH INSPECTION 
I 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035489 
17.11.2016 
4-5715001 
LH WING LOWER SKIN FRONT SPAR INSPECT 
I 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035490 
17.11.2016 
4-57S02012 
WING LANDING GEAR ATTACH FITTING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-71001011 
NO.1 ENGINE COMPONENTS / ITEMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-71001012 
NO.2 ENGINE COMPONENTS / ITEMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71001013 
NO.3 ENGINE COMPONENTS / ITEMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71001014 
NO.4 ENGINE COMPONENTS / ITEMS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71001021 
NO.1 ENGINE COMPONENT HEAT SHIELD 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71001022 
NO.2 ENGINE COMPONENT HEAT SHIELD 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71001023 
NO.3 ENGINE COMPONENT HEAT SHIELD 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71001024 
NO.4 ENGINE COMPONENT HEAT SHIELD 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71002011 
NO.1 ENGINE COWL PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71002012 
NO.2 ENGINE COWL PANELS. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71002013 
NO.3 ENGINE COWL PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71002014 
NO.4 ENGINE COWL PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71002021A 
NO.1 ENGINE COWL PANELS. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71002022A 
NO.2 ENGINE COWL PANELS. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71002023A 
NO.3 ENGINE COWL PANELS. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71002024A 
NO.4 ENGINE COWL PANELS. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71003011A 
NO.1 ENGINE STRUT DRAINS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71003012A 
NO.2 ENGINE STRUT DRAINS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71003013A 
NO.3 ENGINE STRUT DRAINS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71003014A 
NO.4 ENGINE STRUT DRAINS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71005011A 
NO.1 ENG NOSE COWL ACOUSTIC 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71005012A 
NO.2 ENG NOSE COWL ACOUSTIC 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71005013A 
NO.3 ENG NOSE COWL ACOUSTIC 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71005014A 
NO.4 ENG NOSE COWL ACOUSTIC 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.71006011 
NO.1 ENGINE NACELLE AND STRUT ZONE. 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.71006012 
NO.2 ENGINE NACELLE AND STRUT ZONE. 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.71006013 
NO.3 ENGINE NACELLE AND STRUT ZONE. 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4.71006014 
NO.4 ENGINE NACELLE AND STRUT ZONE. 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
4-72001011 
NO.1 ENGINE INLET AREA. 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72001012 
NO.2 ENGINE INLET AREA. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72001013 
NO.3 ENGINE INLET AREA. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72001014 
NO.4 ENGINE INLET AREA. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72002011 
NO.1 POWERPLANT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72002012 
NO.2 POWERPLANT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72002013 
NO.3 POWERPLANT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72002014 
NO.4 POWERPLANT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72003011 
NO.1 TURBINE SECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72003012 
NO.2 TURBINE SECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72003013 
NO.3 TURBINE SECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72003014 
NO.4 TURBINE SECTION 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72005011 
NO.1 POWER PLANT TAILCONE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72005012 
NO.2 POWER PLANT TAILCONE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72005013 
NO.3 POWER PLANT TAILCONE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72005014 
NO.4 POWER PLANT TAILCONE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72006011 
TAILCONE DAMPER ASSEMBLY 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72006012 
TAILCONE DAMPER ASSEMBLY 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72006013 
TAILCONE DAMPER ASSEMBLY 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-72006014 
TAILCONE DAMPER ASSEMBLY 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73002011 
NO.1 ENGINE FUEL SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73002012 
NO.2 ENGINE FUEL SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73002013 
NO.3 ENGINE FUEL SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73002014 
NO.4 ENGINE FUEL SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73007011A 
NO. 1 ENGINE VANE CONTROL -PH- FILTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73007012A 
NO. 2 ENGINE VANE CONTROL -PH- FILTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73007013A 
NO. 3 ENGINE VANE CONTROL -PH- FILTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73007014A 
NO. 4 ENGINE VANE CONTROL -PH- FILTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73008011 
NO.1 ENGINE PS4 AND TT2 SENSOR/ TUBING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73008012 
NO.2 ENGINE PS4 AND TT2 SENSOR/ TUBING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73008013 
NO.3 ENGINE PS4 AND TT2 SENSOR/ TUBING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73008014 
NO.4 ENGINE PS4 AND TT2 SENSOR/ TUBING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73009011 
NO.1 FUEL FILTER DELTA P SWITCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73009012 
NO.2 FUEL FILTER DELTA P SWITCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73009013 
NO.3 FUEL FILTER DELTA P SWITCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73009014 
NO.4 FUEL FILTER DELTA P SWITCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73009021 
NO.1 FUEL FILTER DELTA P SWITCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73009022 
NO.2 FUEL FILTER DELTA P SWITCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809926
--- PAGE 24 ---
4-73009023 
NO.3 FUEL FILTER DELTA P SWITCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-73009024 
NO.4 FUEL FILTER DELTA P SWITCH 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-74002011 
NO.1 ENGINE IGNITION SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-74002012 
NO.2 ENGINE IGNITION SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-74002013 
NO.3 ENGINE IGNITION SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-74002014 
NO.4 ENGINE IGNITION SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75001011 
GENERATOR COOLING COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75001012 
GENERATOR COOLING COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75001013 
GENERATOR COOLING COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75001014 
GENERATOR COOLING COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.75002011 
ENGINE AIR COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75002012 
ENGINE AIR COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75002013 
ENGINE AIR COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75002014 
ENGINE AIR COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75003021A 
NO.1 ENG BLEED AIR UNITS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75003022A 
NO.2 ENG BLEED AIR UNITS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75003023A 
NO.3 ENG BLEED AIR UNITS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75003024A 
NO.4 ENG BLEED AIR UNITS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75005011 
NO.1 ENG TURBINE CASE COOLING SYS MODUL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75005012 
NO.2 ENG TURBINE CASE COOLING SYS MODUL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75005013 
NO.3 ENG TURBINE CASE COOLING SYS MODUL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-75005014 
NO.4 ENG TURBINE CASE COOLING SYS MODUL 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76001011 
NO.1 ENG CONTROLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76001012 
NO.2 ENG CONTROLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76001013 
NO.3 ENG CONTROLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76001014 
NO.4 ENG CONTROLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76002011A 
NO.1 ENG THROTTLE CONTROLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76002012A 
NO.2 ENG THROTTLE CONTROLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76002013A 
NO.3 ENG THROTTLE CONTROLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76002014A 
NO.4 ENG THROTTLE CONTROLS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76003011 
ENGINE CONTROL CABLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76003012 
ENGINE CONTROL CABLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76003013 
ENGINE CONTROL CABLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76003014 
ENGINE CONTROL CABLES 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76003021 
ENGINE CABLES AT BS 960 AND 980 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76003022 
ENGINE CABLES AT BS 960 AND BS 980 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76003031 
ENGINE CABLES AT BS 960 AND BS 980 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-76003032 
ENGINE CABLES AT BS 960 AND BS 980 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77001011A 
NO.1 ENG EGT INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77001012A 
NO.2 ENG EGT INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77001013A 
NO.3 ENG EGT INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77001014A 
NO.4 ENG EGT INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-770020031 
LOW Ni INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-770020032 
LOW Ni INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-770020033 
LOW Ni INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-770020034 
LOW Ni INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77002011 
NO.1 ENG TACHOMETER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77002012 
NO.2 ENG TACHOMETER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77002013 
NO.3 ENG TACHOMETER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77002014 
NO.4 ENG TACHOMETER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77004011A 
NO.1 ENG PRESSURE RATIO INDIC SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77004012A 
NO.2 ENG PRESSURE RATIO INDIC SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77004013A 
NO.3 ENG PRESSURE RATIO INDIC SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77004014A 
NO.4 ENG PRESSURE RATIO INDIC SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77005011 
NO.1 ENGINE EPR PT2 & PT7 TUBING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77005012 
NO.2 ENGINE EPR PT2 & PT7 TUBING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77005013 
NO.3 ENGINE EPR PT2 & PT7 TUBING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77005014 
NO.4 ENGINE EPR PT2 & PT7 TUBING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77006011 
NO.1 ENGINE PT-7 EXHAUST PRESSURE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77006012 
NO.2 ENGINE PT-7 EXHAUST PRESSURE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77006013 
NO.3 ENGINE PT-7 EXHAUST PRESSURE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-77006014 
NO.4 ENGINE PT-7 EXHAUST PRESSURE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78001011A 
NO.1 ENG THRUST REVERSER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78001012A 
NO.2 ENG THRUST REVERSER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78001013A 
NO.3 ENG THRUST REVERSER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78001014A 
NO.4 ENG THRUST REVERSER SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78001021 
THRUST REVERSER SYSTEM. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78001022 
THRUST REVERSER SYSTEM. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78001023 
THRUST REVERSER SYSTEM. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78001024 
THRUST REVERSER SYSTEM. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78002011A 
NO.1 ENG THRUST REVERSER DRIVE UNIT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78002012A 
NO.2 ENG THRUST REVERSER DRIVE UNIT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78002013A 
NO.3 ENG THRUST REVERSER DRIVE UNIT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78002014A 
NO.4 ENG THRUST REVERSER DRIVE UNIT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78003011 
BACKLASH ON FNA THRUST REVERSER BALL SCR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-78003012 
BACKLASH ON FNA THRUST REVERSER BALL SCR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
EFTA00809927
--- PAGE 25 ---
4-78003013 
BACKLASH ON FNA THRUST REVERSER BALL SCR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-78003014 
BACKLASH ON FNA THRUST REVERSER BALL SCR 
4C 
8.000 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
1.632 
-162 
05.11.2010 316760005 
17.11.2016 
4-78005011 
NO.1 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78005012 
NO.2 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78005013 
NO.3 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER COMPONENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78005014 
NO.4 ENGINE THRUST REVERSER COMPONTENTS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78005021 
FAN THRUST REVERSER FLEXIBLE POWER SHAFT 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-78005022 
FAN THRUST REVERSER FLEXIBLE POWER SHAFT 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-78005023 
FAN THRUST REVERSER FLEXIBLE POWER SHAFT 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-78005024 
FAN THRUST REVERSER FLEXIBLE POWER SHAFT 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
4-78006011 
NO.1 ENG FAN Tiff PNEU DRIVE UNIT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78006012 
NO.2 ENG FAN TiR PNEU DRIVE UNIT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78006013 
NO.3 ENG FAN TiR PNEU DRIVE UNIT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-78006014 
NO.4 ENG FAN TiR PNEU DRIVE UNIT 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79001011 
NO.1 ENG OIL TANK 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79001012 
NO.2 ENG OIL TANK 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79001013 
NO.3 ENG OIL TANK 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79001014 
NO.4 ENG OIL TANK 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79002011 
OIL QUANTITY INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79002012 
OIL QUANTITY INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79002013 
OIL QUANTITY INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79002014 
OIL QUANTITY INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79003011 
OIL TEMPERATURE INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79003012 
OIL TEMPERATURE INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79003013 
OIL TEMPERATURE INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79003014 
OIL TEMPERATURE INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79004011 
OIL PRESSURE INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79004012 
OIL PRESSURE INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79004013 
OIL PRESSURE INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79004014 
OIL PRESSURE INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79005011 
FUEL COOLED OIL COOLER. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79005012 
FUEL COOLED OIL COOLER. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79005013 
ENG #3 FUEL COOLED OIL COOLER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79005014 
FUEL COOLED OIL COOLER. 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79006011A 
NO.1 ENG LOW OIL PRESSURE INDICATING SYS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79006012A 
NO.2 ENG LOW OIL PRESSURE INDICATING SYS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79006013A 
NO.3 ENG LOW OIL PRESSURE INDICATING SYS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79006014A 
NO.4 ENG LOW OIL PRESSURE INDICATING SYS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79007011 
OIL FILTER BYPASS INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79007012 
OIL FILTER BYPASS INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79007013 
OIL FILTER BYPASS INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-79007014 
OIL FILTER BYPASS INDICATING SYSTEM 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80001011 
ENGINE PNEUMATIC STARTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80001012 
ENGINE PNEUMATIC STARTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80001013 
ENGINE PNEUMATIC STARTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80001014 
ENGINE PNEUMATIC STARTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80002011 
STARTER AIR CONTROL VALVE UNITS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80002012 
STARTER AIR CONTROL VALVE UNITS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80002013 
STARTER AIR CONTROL VALVE UNITS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80002014 
STARTER AIR CONTROL VALVE UNITS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80003011 
ENGINE START AIR VALVE FILTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80003012 
ENGINE START AIR VALVE FILTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80003013 
ENGINE START AIR VALVE FILTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-80003014 
ENGINE START AIR VALVE FILTER 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900101A 
CLOSE ACCESS DOORSJPANELS LWR LOBE 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900102A 
NO.1 ENG - CLOSE ENGINE PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900201A 
CLOSE ACCESS DOORS/PANELS R WING 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900301 
LWR LOBE - CLOSE ACCESS DOORS/ PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900401A 
LH WING - CLOSE ACCESS DOORS/ PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900501A 
LWR LOBE - CLOSE ACCESS DOORS/ PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900502A 
NO.2 ENG - CLOSE ENGINE PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900701A 
EMPANNAGE - CLOSE ACCESS DOORS/ PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900702A 
NO.3 ENG - CLOSE ENGINE ACCESS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900801A 
A/C BAY - CLOSE ACCESS DOORS/ PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4-9900901A 
LWR LOBE - CLOSE ACCESS DOORS/ PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.9901101A 
LWR LOBE - CLOSE ACCESS DOORS/ PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.9901102A 
NO.4 ENG - CLOSE ENGINE ACCESS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
4.9901201A 
EMPENNAGE - CLOSE ACCESS DOORS/ PANELS 
IC 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
492101100 
49210110C AUXILIARY POWER UNIT 
NT 
493101100 
493101100 FUEL PUMP 
NT 
493101200 
49310120C FUEL METERING VALVE & FLOW DI 
NT 
494101100 
STARTER 
COMP 2.000 
MI 
1.561 
-219 
03.05.2015 
20.05.2015 321098805 20.09.2016 
495101100 
495101100 COOLING AIR SHUT-OFF VALVE 
NT 
495201100 
49520110C LOAD CONTROL VALVE 
NT 
495301100 
495301100 SURGE BLEED VALVE 
NT 
49530120C 
49530120C INTERSTAGE BLEED VALVE 
NT 
EFTA00809928
--- PAGE 26 ---
49610110C 
49610110C ELECTRONIC TURBINE CONTROL 
NT 
49910110C 
499101100 OIL COOLER 
NT 
52110150C-01 
DOOR POWER RESERVOIR ASSY 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
6.087 
10.12.2014 
01.01.2010 316747253 26.12.2033 
52110150C-01 
DOOR POWER RESERVOIR ASSY 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
3.561 
07.12.2014 
01.02.2003 316747228 26.01.2027 
52110150C-01 
DOOR POWER RESERVOIR ASSY 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
881 
06.09.2013 
01.10.1995 316747222 25.09.2019 
52110150C-01 
DOOR POWER RESERVOIR ASSY 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
6.756 
07.05.2015 
01.11.2011 319380223 26.10.2035 
52110150C-01 
DOOR POWER RESERVOIR ASSY 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
6.756 
22.07.2014 
01.11.2011 321844493 26.10.2035 
52110150C-01 
DOOR POWER RESERVOIR ASSY 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
6.756 
01.03.2016 
01.11.2011 319380218 26.10.2035 
52110150C-01 
DOOR POWER RESERVOIR ASSY 
COMP 
8.760 
DT 
7.030 
12.05.2015 
01.08.2012 322864862 26.07.2036 
521101600 
521101600 MED LH & RH 
NT 
52210010C 
522100100 CREW OVERHEAD HATCH 
NT 
52340480C 
523404800 FWD CARGO DOOR 
NT 
52350480C 
52350480C AFT CARGO DOOR 
NT 
52490010C 
52490010C APU ACCESS DOORS LH & RH 
NT 
52490020C 
52490020C FWD ELECT BAY DOOR 
NT 
52540010C 
52540010C UPPER DECK DOOR 
NT 
53410010C 
FLAME SPRAYED FIBREGLASS PANELS AT RADA 
50.000 
66.142 
9.000 
47.379 
01.07.2004 
316751712 21.10.2256 
55200010C 
552000100 I/ B ELEVATOR LH & RH 
NT 
55200020C 
55200020C aB ELEVATOR LH & RH 
NT 
55400010C 
55400010C LWR RUDDER ASSY 
NT 
55400020C 
55400020C UPPER RUDDER ASSY 
NT 
57-AWL-01 
57-AWL-01 Impact-Resistant Fuel Tank Ac 
A:I:O 
ASO 
57510010C 
575100100 aB AILERON LH & RH 
NT 
57510020C 
57510020C IN/BD AILERON LH & RH 
NT 
57540010C 
575400100 KRUEGER FLAP ASSY LH & RH 
NT 
57570010C 
57570010C SPOILER PANEL ASSY IlB & OtB 
NT 
6-2060001 
FORWARD NLG WHEEL WHEEL 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6-2060101 
OUTBOARD OF NLG WHEEL WELL 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6-2060301 
ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONICS COMPARTMENT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6-2060501 
FORWARD CARGO CONTAINER COMPARTMENT 
1D 
36.000 
YT 
67.176 
9.565 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316752163 
15.05.2019 
6-2060801 
FORWARD CARGO CONTAINER COMPARTMENT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2061001 
MAIN CABIN FLOOR 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2061201 
MAIN CABIN FLOOR 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2061401 
AFT CARGO CONTAINER COMPARTMENT 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2061501 
AFT CARGO CONTAINER COMPARTMENT 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2061701 
BULK CARGO COMPARTMENT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2061801 
BULK CARGO COMPARTMENT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6-2061901 
BULK CARGO COMPARTMENT - AREA BELOW 
ID 
36.000 
YT 
67.176 
9.565 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316752164 
15.05.2019 
6-2062001 
AREA AFT OF BULK CARGO COMPARTMENT 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6-2062101 
AREA AFT OF BULK CARGO COMPARTMENT 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2062201 
CEILING MAIN DECK COMPARTMENT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2062401 
6-2062401 SIDEWALLS OF MAIN DECK COMPAR 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2062601 
FLIGHT DECK COMPARTMENT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2062701 
FLIGHT DECK COMPARTMENT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2062801 
6-2062801 UPPER DECK PASSENGER COMPARTM 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2062901 
6-2062901 BEHIND SIDEWALLS OF MAIN DECK 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2063001 
CEILING MAIN DECK COMPARTMENT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2063201 
6-2063201 AREA BEHIND SIDEWALLS - MAIN 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2063401 
6-2063401 AREA BEHIND SIDEWALLS - MAIN 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2063601 
6-2063601 AREAS BEHIND SIDEWALLS - MAIN 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2063801 
6-2063801 MAIN DECK COMPARTMENT - BEHIN 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2064901 
WING TIP 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2080501 
AREA INSIDE OF FUSELAGE FORWARD OF NOSE 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2080701 
AREA INSIDE OF FUSELAGE OUTBD OF NOSE 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2080801 
INTERIOR OF E&E COMPARTMENT 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2080901 
INTERIOR OF FORWARD CARGO CONT COMPT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2081101 
AREA INSIDE OF FUSELAGE AFT OF FWD CARGO 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2081201 
AREA INSIDE OF FUSELAGE FROM BOTTOM 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2081301 
AIR CONDITIONING EQUIPMENT BAY 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2081501 
AREA INSIDE OF FUSELAGE FROM BOTTOM 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2081902 
INTERIOR OF AFT CARGO CONTAINER COMPT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2082101 
INTERIOR OF BULK CARGO COMPARTMENT 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2082201 
AREA INSIDE FUSELAGE BELOW BULK CARGO 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2082301 
AREA INSIDE FUSELAGE AFT OF BULK CARGO 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2082401 
AREA INSIDE OF FWD LWR WING-TO-BODY LH 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2082502 
AREA INSIDE OF FWD LWR WING-TO-BODY RH 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2082601 
AREA INSIDE OF AFT LWR WING-TO-BODY LH 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2082702 
AREA INSIDE OF AFT LWR WING-TO-BODY RH 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2082901 
INTERIOR OF FUSELAGE MAIN DECK COMPT 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2083001 
6-2083001 INTERIOR OF FUSELAGE MAIN DEC 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2083101 
6-2083101 INTERIOR OF FLIGHT DECK COMPA 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2083201 
6-2083201 INTERIOR OF FUSELAGE UPPER DE 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2083301 
AREA INSIDE OF FUSELAGE ABOVE CEILING 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2083601 
FUSELAGE INTERIOR - STABILIZER 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2083901 
FIN - REAR SPAR TO RUDDERS FRONT SPAR 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2084001 
LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER - REAR SPAR 
1D 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
EFTA00809929
--- PAGE 27 ---
6.2084102 
RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER - REAR SPAR 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2084201 
6-2084201 INTERIOR OF CENTER SECTION WI 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2084501 
LEFT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2085101 
6-2085101 LEFT INBOARD MAIN FUEL TANK ( 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2085201 
6-2085201 LEFT OUTBOARD MAIN FUEL TANK 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2085301 
6-2085301 LEFT WING RESERVE FUEL TANK 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2085501 
6-2085501 LEFT WING DRY BAY 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2085601 
6-2085601 LEFT WING SURGE TANK 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2085701 
LEFT WING DRY BAY 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2086502 
RIGHT WING LEADING EDGE TO FRONT SPAR 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.2087102 
6-2087102 RIGHT INBOARD MAIN FUEL TANK 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2087202 
6-2087202 RIGHT OUTBOARD MAIN FUEL TANK 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2087302 
6-2087302 RIGHT WING RESERVE FUEL TANK 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2087502 
6-2087502 RIGHT WING DRY BAY 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2087602 
6-2087602 RIGHT WING SURGE TANK 
2D 
36.000 
YT 
16.419 
747 
15.05.2019 
6.2087702 
RIGHT WING DRY BAY 
ID 
18.000 
YT 
67.182 
9.579 
16.419 
747 
17.05.2010 316761718 
15.05.2019 
6.52-200.01 
MPD NO. 1 PASSENGER CABIN ENTRY DOOR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.52-200.02 
MPD NO. 2 PASSENGER CABIN ENTRY DOORS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.52-200.03 
MPD NO. 3 PASSENGER CABIN ENTRY DOORS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.52-200.04 
MPD NO. 4 PASSENGER CABIN ENTRY DOORS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.52-200.06 
MPD UPPER DECK CREW ENTRY/SERVICE DOORS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.52-200.07 
MPD CREW EMERGENCY EXIT HATCH 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.52-200.11 
MPD FORWARD CARGO COMPARTMENT DOOR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.52-200.12 
MPD AFT CARGO COMPARTMENT DOOR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-52-200.14 
MPD MAIN AND CENTER EE CTR ACCESS DOORS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-001.01 
MPD 6-53.001-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751836 
6-53-001.02 
MPD 6-53.001-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751837 
6.53-001.03 
MPD 6-53.001-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751838 
6.53-001.04 
MPD 6-53.001-04 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751839 
6.53-001.05 
MPD 6-53.001-05 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751840 
6.53-001.06 
MPD 6-53.001-06 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751841 
6-53-001.07 
MPD 6-53.001-07 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751842 
6-53-001.08 
MPD 6-53.001-08 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751843 
6-53-001.09 
MPD 6-53.001-09 MPD FUSELAGE- SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751844 
6.53-001-10 
MPD 6-53.001.10 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751845 
6.53-001.11 
MPD 6-53.001.11 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751846 
6.53-001.12 
MPD 6-53.001-12 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751847 
6.53-001.13 
MPD 6-53.001-13 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751848 
6.53-001.14 
MPD 6-53.001-14 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751849 
6.53-001.15 
MPD 6-53.001-15 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751850 
6.53-001.16 
MPD 6-53.001-16 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751851 
6.53-001.17 
MPD 6-53.001-17 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751852 
6.53-001.18 
MPD 6-53.001-18 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751853 
6.53-001.19 
MPD 6-53.001-19 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751854 
6.53-001.20 
MPD 6-53.001-20 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751855 
6.53-001-21 
MPD 6-53.001-21 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751856 
6.53-001-22 
MPD 6-53.001-22 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751857 
6.53-001-23 
MPD 6-53.001-23 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751858 
6.53-001-24 
MPD 6-53.001-24 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751859 
6.53-001-25 
MPD 6-53.001-25 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751860 
6.53-001-26 
MPD 6-53.001-26 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751861 
6.53-002.01 
MPD 6-53.002-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751862 
6.53-003.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-003.02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-004.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-004.02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-005.01 
MPD 6-53.005-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751863 
6.53-006.01 
MPD 6-53.006-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751864 
6.53-006.02 
MPD 6-53.006-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751865 
6.53-007.01 
MPD 6-53.007-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751866 
6.53-00801 
MPD 6-53.008-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751867 
6.53-00901 
MPD 6-53.009-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751868 
6.53-010.01 
MPD 6-53.010-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751869 
6.53-012.01 
MPD 6-53.012-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751870 
6.53-012.02 
MPD 6-53.012-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751871 
6.53-014.01 
MPD 6-53.014-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751872 
6.53-014.02 
MPD 6-53.014-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751873 
6.53-019.01 
MPD 6-53.019-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751874 
6.53-021.01 
MPD 6-53.021-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751875 
6.53-022.01 
MPD 6-53.022-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751876 
6.53-02301 
MPD 6-53.023-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751877 
6.53-02401 
MPD 6-53.024-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751878 
6.53-02501 
MPD 6-53.025-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751879 
6.53-02601 
MPD 6-53.026-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751880 
6.53-027.01 
MPD 6-53.027-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751881 
6.53-02801 
MPD 6-53.028-01 MPD FUSELAGE- SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751882 
EFTA00809930
--- PAGE 28 ---
6.53-02802 
MPD 6-53.028-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751883 
6.53-02901 
MPD 6-53.029-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751884 
6.53-02902 
MPD 6-53.029-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751885 
6.53-029-03 
MPD 6-53.029-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751886 
6.53-030-01 
MPD 6-53.030-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751887 
6.53-030-02 
MPD 6-53.030-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751888 
6.53-030-03 
MPD 6-53.030-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 41 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751889 
6.53-031.01 
MPD 6-53.031-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751890 
6.53-031.02 
MPD 6-53.031-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751891 
6.53-033-01 
MPD 6-53.033-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316751893 
6.53-033-02 
MPD 6-53.033-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753436 
6.53-033-03 
MPD 6-53.033-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753437 
6.53-034-01 
MPD 6-53.034-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753438 
6.53-034-02 
MPD 6-53.034-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753439 
6.53-034-03 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-035-02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-036-02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-037.01 
MPD 6-53.037-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753440 
6.53-037.02 
MPD 6-53.037-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753441 
6.53-037.03 
MPD 6-53.037-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753442 
6.53-037.04 
MPD 6-53.037-04 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753443 
6.53-038-01 
MPD 6-53.038-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753444 
6.53-038-02 
MPD 6-53.038-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753445 
6.53-038-03 
MPD 6-53.038-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753446 
6.53-038-04 
MPD 6-53.038-04 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753447 
6.53-039-01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-039-02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-040.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-041.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-042.02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-04402 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-045-02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-048-01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-049-01 
MPD 6-53.049-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753450 
6.53-051.02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-052.01 
MPD 6-53.052-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753451 
6.53-054-01 
MPD 6-53.054-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753452 
6-53-054.02 
MPD 6-53.054-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753453 
6-53-054.03 
MPD 6-53.054-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753454 
6.53-054-04 
MPD 6-53.054-04 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753455 
6.53-055-01 
MPD 6-53.055-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753456 
6.53-055-02 
MPD 6-53.055-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753457 
6-53-056-01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 42 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-056.02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-057.01 
MPD 6-53.057-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753458 
6-53-058-01 
MPD 6-53.058-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753459 
6-53-059-01 
MPD 6-53.059-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753460 
6-53-059-02 
MPD 6-53.059-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44.46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753461 
6.53-059-03 
MPD 6-53.059-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44.46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753462 
6.53-060-01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-061.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 LEFT SIDE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-061.02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 RIGHT SIDE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-062.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-063-01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-063-02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-064-01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-065-01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-066.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-067.01 
MPD 6-53.067-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753463 
6.53-073-01 
MPD 6-53.073-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753465 
6.53-075-02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44.46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-075-03 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-080-01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44.46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-081.01 
MPD 6-53.081-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753466 
6.53-082.01 
MPD 6-53.082-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753467 
6.53-083-01 
MPD 6-53.083-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 44 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753468 
6.53-087.01 
MPD 6-53.087-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753469 
6.53-088-01 
MPD 6-53.088-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753470 
6-53-090-01 
MPD 6-53.090-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753472 
6-53-091.02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-092-01 
MPD 6-53.092-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753473 
6-53-092-02 
MPD 6-53.092-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753474 
6-53-093-02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-094-02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-095-01 
MPD 6-53.095-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753475 
6-53-095-02 
MPD 6-53.095-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753476 
EFTA00809931
--- PAGE 29 ---
6-53-09503 
MPD 6-53.095-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753477 
6-53-09601 
MPD 6-53.096-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753478 
6-53-09602 
MPD 6-53.096-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753479 
6.53-09603 
MPD 6-53.096-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753480 
6.53-09604 
MPD 6-53.096-04 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753481 
6.53-097.01 
MPD 6-53.097-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753482 
6.53-097.02 
MPD 6-53.097-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753483 
6.53-097.03 
MPD 6-53.097-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753484 
6.53-097.04 
MPD 6-53.097-04 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753485 
6.53-09801 
MPD 6-53.098-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753486 
6.53-09802 
MPD 6-53.098-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753487 
6.53-09803 
MPD 6-53.098-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753488 
6.53-09804 
MPD 6-53.098-04 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753489 
6.53-09805 
MPD 6-53.098-05 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753490 
6.53-09806 
MPD 6-53.098-06 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753491 
6.53-09901 
MPD 6-53.099-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753492 
6-53-09902 
MPD 6-53.099-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753493 
6-53-09903 
MPD 6-53.099-03 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753494 
6-53-09904 
MPD 6-53.099-04 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753495 
6-53-10002 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-102-02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-102.04 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-10302 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-10304 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-10601 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-107.01 
MPD 6-53.107-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753496 
6-53-108.01 
MPD 6-53.108-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753497 
6-53-111.02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-11301 
MPD 6-53.113-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46.48 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753498 
6-53-11302 
MPD 6-53.113-02 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 46.48 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753499 
6-53-114.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-114.02 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-115.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-116.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-117.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-118.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-119.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-120.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-121.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-122-01 
MPD 6-53.122-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753500 
6-53-12301 
MPD 6-53.123-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753501 
6-53-12401 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-12501 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-12601 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-127-01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-12801 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-12901 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-13001 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-131.01 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-53-132.01 
MPD 6-53.132-01 MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753502 
6-53-13301 
MPD FUSELAGE - SECTION 48 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-134.01 
MPD FLOOR BEAMS AND STRUCTURE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-200.01 
MPD KEEL BEAM 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-201.01 
MPD WING-TO-BODY FAIRINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-201.02 
MPD WING-TO-BODY FAIRINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-202.01 
MPD WING-TO-BODY FAIRING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-202.02 
MPD WING-TO-BODY FAIRING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-20301 
MPD WING-TO-BODY FAIRING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-20302 
MPD WING-TO-BODY FAIRING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-204.01 
MPD KEEL BEAM 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-205.01 
MPD KEEL BEAM 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-206.01 
MPD 6-53.206-01 MPD NOSE COMPARTMENT 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753512 
6.53-207.01 
MPD 6-53.207-01 MPD NOSE COMPARTMENT 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753513 
6.53-208.01-1 
MPD BELOW CABIN FLOOR PANELS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-208.01-2 
MPD BELOW CABIN FLOOR PANELS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-209.01 
MPD ENTIRE EXTERIOR SURFACE - UPPER LOBE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-209.02 
MPD ENTIRE EXTERIOR SURFACE - LOWER LOBE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.53-301.01 
MPD 6-53.301-01 MPD FREIGHTER NOSE DOOR AREA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753514 
6.53-30301 
MPD 6-53.303-01 MPD FREIGHTER NOSE DOOR AREA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753515 
6.53-304.01 
MPD 6-53.304-01 MPD FREIGHTER NOSE CARGO DOO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753516 
6.53-305.01 
MPD 6-53.305-01 MPD FREIGHTER NOSE CARGO DOO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753517 
6.53-307.01 
MPD 6-53.307-01 MPD FREIGHTER NOSE CARGO DOO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753518 
6.53-309.01 
MPD 6-53.309-01 MPD FREIGHTER NOSE CARGO DOO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753519 
6.53-310.01 
MPD 6-53.310-01 MPD FREIGHTER NOSE CARGO DOO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753520 
6.54-001.01-1 
MPD ENGINE 1 FORWARD MOUNT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-54-001.01-2 
MPD ENGINE 2 FORWARD MOUNT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
EFTA00809932
--- PAGE 30 ---
6.54-001.01-3 
MPD ENGINE 3 FORWARD MOUNT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-001.01-4 
MPD ENGINE 4 FORWARD MOUNT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-002.01-1 
MPD ENGINE 1 FWD MOUNT BULKHEAD FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-002.01-2 
MPD ENGINE 2 FWD MOUNT BULKHEAD FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-002.01-3 
MPD ENGINE 3 FWD MOUNT BULKHEAD FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-002.01-4 
MPD ENGINE 4 FWD MOUNT BULKHEAD FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-003.01-1 
MPD ENGINE 1 AFT MOUNT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-003.01-2 
MPD ENGINE 2 AFT MOUNT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-003.01-3 
MPD ENGINE 3 AFT MOUNT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-003.01-4 
MPD ENGINE 4 AFT MOUNT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-00401-1 
MPD ENGINE 1 AFT MOUNT TANGENTIAL LINKS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-004.01-2 
MPD ENGINE 2 AFT MOUNT TANGENTIAL LINKS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-004.01-3 
MPD ENGINE 3 AFT MOUNT TANGENTIAL LINKS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-004.01-4 
MPD ENGINE 4 AFT MOUNT TANGENTIAL LINKS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-54-005.01-1 
MPD ENGINE 1 AFT MOUNT THRUST LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-54-005.01-2 
MPD ENGINE 2 AFT MOUNT THRUST LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-54-005.01-3 
MPD ENGINE 3 AFT MOUNT THRUST LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-54-005.01-4 
MPD ENGINE 4 AFT MOUNT THRUST LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-54-006.01-1 
MPD ENGINE 1 AFT MOUNT BULKHEAD/FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-006.01-2 
MPD ENGINE 2 AFT MOUNT BULKHEAD/FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-006.01-3 
MPD ENGINE 3 AFT MOUNT BULKHEAD/FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-006.01-4 
MPD ENGINE 4 AFT MOUNT BULKHEAD/FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-007.01-1 
MPD STRUT 2 FITTING TO THRUST LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-007.01-2 
MPD STRUT 3 FITTING TO THRUST LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-008.01-1 
MPD STRUT 2 FITTING TO DIAGONAL BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-008.01-2 
MPD STRUT 3 FITTING TO DIAGONAL BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-009.01-1 
MPD STRUT 1 THRUST LINK/DIAGONAL BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-009.01-2 
MPD STRUT 4 THRUST LINK/DIAGONAL BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-010.01-1 
MPD STRUT 2 DIAGONAL BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-010.01-2 
MPD STRUT 3 DIAGONAL BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-011.01-1 
MPD STRUT 1 DIAGONAL BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-011.01-2 
MPD STRUT 4 DIAGONAL BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-012.01-1 
MPD STRUT 2 DIAGONAL BRACE PIN RETAINERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-012.01-2 
MPD STRUT 3 DIAGONAL BRACE PIN RETAINERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-012.02-1 
MPD STRUT 1 DIAGONAL BRACE PIN RETAINERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-012.02-2 
MPD STRUT 4 DIAGONAL BRACE PIN RETAINERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-013.01-1 
MPD STRUT 1 MID SPAR AFT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-013.01-2 
MPD STRUT 4 MID SPAR AFT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-013.02-1 
MPD STRUT 2 MID SPAR AFT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-013.02-2 
MPD STRUT 3 MID SPAR AFT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-014.01-1 
MPD STRUT 2 SIDE BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-014.01-2 
MPD STRUT 3 SIDE BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-015.01-1 
MPD STRUT 1 SIDE BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-015.01-2 
MPD STRUT 4 SIDE BRACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-016.01-1 
MPD STRUT 2 UPPER LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-016.01-2 
MPD STRUT 3 UPPER LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-016.02-1 
MPD STRUT 1 UPPER LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-016.02-2 
MPD STRUT 4 UPPER LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-017.01-1 
MPD STRUT 1 UPPER LINK PIN RETAINER 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-017.01-2 
MPD STRUT 2 UPPER LINK PIN RETAINER 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-017.01-3 
MPD STRUT 3 UPPER LINK PIN RETAINER 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-017.01-4 
MPD STRUT 4 UPPER LINK PIN RETAINER 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-018.01-1 
MPD 6-54.018-01.1 MPD STRUT 1 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753522 
6.54-018.01-2 
MPD 6-54.018-01.2 MPD STRUT 4 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753523 
6.54-018.02-1 
MPD 6-54.018-02.1 MPD STRUT 2 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753524 
6.54-018.02-2 
MPD 6-54.018-02.2 MPD STRUT 3 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753525 
6.54-018.03-1 
MPD 6-54.018-03.1 MPD STRUT 1 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753526 
6.54-018.03-2 
MPD 6-54.018-03.2 MPD STRUT 4 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753527 
6.54-018.04-1 
MPD 6-54.018-04.1 MPD STRUT 2 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753528 
6.54-018.04-2 
MPD 6-54.018-04.2 MPD STRUT 3 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753529 
6.54-018.05-1 
MPD 6-54.018-05.1 MPD STRUT 1 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753530 
6.54-018.05-2 
MPD 6-54.018-05.2 MPD STRUT 4 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753531 
6.54-018.06-1 
MPD 6-54.018-06.1 MPD STRUT 2 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753532 
6.54-018.06-2 
MPD 6-54.018-06.2 MPD STRUT 3 TORQUE BULKHEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753533 
6.54-019.01-1 
MPD STRUT 1 FRONT SPAR AFT END 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-019.01-2 
MPD STRUT 2 FRONT SPAR AFT END 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-019.01-3 
MPD STRUT 3 FRONT SPAR AFT END 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-019.01-4 
MPD STRUT 4 FRONT SPAR AFT END 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-020.01-1 
MPD 6-54.020-01.1 MPD STRUT 1 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753534 
6.54-020.01-2 
MPD 6-54.020-01.2 MPD STRUT 2 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753535 
6.54-020.01-3 
MPD 6-54.020-01.3 MPD STRUT 3 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753536 
6.54-020.01-4 
MPD 6-54.020-01.4 MPD STRUT 4 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753537 
6.54-02002-1 
MPD 6-54.020-02.1 MPD STRUT 1 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753538 
6.54-020.02-2 
MPD 6-54.020-02.2 MPD STRUT 4 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753539 
6.54-020.03-1 
MPD 6-54.020-03.1 MPD STRUT 2 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753540 
6-54-020.03-2 
MPD 6-54.020-03.2 MPD STRUT 3 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753541 
EFTA00809933
--- PAGE 31 ---
6.54-02004-1 
MPD 6-54.020-04.1 MPD STRUT 1 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753542 
6.54-020.04-2 
MPD 6-54.020-04.2 MPD STRUT 2 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753543 
6.54-020.04-3 
MPD 6-54.020-04.3 MPD STRUT 3 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753544 
6.54-020.04-4 
MPD 6-54.020-04.4 MPD STRUT 4 FRONT SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753545 
6.54-021.01-1 
MPD 6-54.021-01.1 MPD STRUT 1 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753546 
6.54-021.01-2 
MPD 6-54.021-01.2 MPD STRUT 4 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753547 
6.54-021.02-1 
MPD 6-54.021-02.1 MPD STRUT 2 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753548 
6.54-021.02-2 
MPD 6-54.021-02.2 MPD STRUT 3 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753549 
6.54-021.03-1 
MPD 6-54.021-03.1 MPD STRUT 1 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753550 
6.54-021.03-2 
MPD 6-54.021-03.2 MPD STRUT 4 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753551 
6.54-021.04-1 
MPD 6-54.021-04.1 MPD STRUT 2 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753552 
6.54-021.04-2 
MPD 6-54.021-04.2 MPD STRUT 3 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753553 
6.54-021.05-1 
MPD 6-54.021-05.1 MPD STRUT 1 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753554 
6.54-021.05-2 
MPD 6-54.021-05.2 MPD STRUT 4 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753555 
6-54-021.06-1 
MPD 6-54.021-06.1 MPD STRUT 2 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753556 
6.54-021.06-2 
MPD 6-54.021-06.2 MPD STRUT 3 UPPER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753557 
6.54-022.01-1 
MPD 6-54.022-01.1 MPD STRUT 1 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753558 
6.54-022.01-2 
MPD 6-54.022-01.2 MPD STRUT 2 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753559 
6.54-022.01-3 
MPD 6-54.022-01.3 MPD STRUT 3 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753560 
6.54-022.01-4 
MPD 6-54.022-01.4 MPD STRUT 4 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753561 
6.54-022.02-1 
MPD 6-54.022-02.1 MPD STRUT 1 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753562 
6.54-022.02-2 
MPD 6-54.022-02.2 MPD STRUT 2 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753563 
6.54-022.02-3 
MPD 6-54.022-02.3 MPD STRUT 3 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753564 
6.54-02202-4 
MPD 6-54.022-02.4 MPD STRUT 4 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753565 
6.54-02203-1 
MPD 6-54.022-03.1 MPD STRUT 1 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753566 
6.54-022.03-2 
MPD 6-54.022-03.2 MPD STRUT 2 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753567 
6.54-022.03-3 
MPD 6-54.022-03.3 MPD STRUT 3 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753568 
6.54-022.03-4 
MPD 6-54.022-03.4 MPD STRUT 4 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753569 
6.54-02301-1 
MPD STRUT 1 LOWER SPAR WEB. FORWARD AREA 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-02301-2 
MPD STRUT 2 LOWER SPAR WEB. FORWARD AREA 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-02301-3 
MPD STRUT 3 LOWER SPAR WEB. FORWARD AREA 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-02301-4 
MPD STRUT 4 LOWER SPAR WEB. FORWARD AREA 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.54-024.01-1 
MPD 6-54.024-01.1 MPD STRUT 1 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753570 
6.54-02401-2 
MPD 6-54.024-01.2 MPD STRUT 4 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753571 
6.54-02402-1 
MPD 6-54.024-02.1 MPD STRUT 2 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753572 
6.54-02402-2 
MPD 6-54.024-02.2 MPD STRUT 3 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753573 
6.54-02403-1 
MPD 6-54.024-03.1 MPD STRUT 1 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753574 
6.54-02403-2 
MPD 6-54.024-03.2 MPD STRUT 4 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753575 
6.54-02404-1 
MPD 6-54.024-04.1 MPD STRUT 2 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753576 
6.54-02404-2 
MPD 6-54.024-04.2 MPD STRUT 3 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753577 
6.54-02405-1 
MPD 6-54.024-05.1 MPD STRUT 1 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753578 
6.54-02405-2 
MPD 6-54.024-05.2 MPD STRUT 4 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753579 
6.54-02406-1 
MPD 6-54.024-06.1 MPD STRUT 2 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753580 
6.54-02406-2 
MPD 6-54.024-06.2 MPD STRUT 3 LOWER SPAR CHO 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753581 
6.54-02501-1 
MPD 6-54.025-01.1 MPD STRUT 1 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753582 
6-54-025-01-2 
MPD 6-54.025-01.2 MPD STRUT 4 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753583 
6.54-02502-1 
MPD 6-54.025-02.1 MPD STRUT 2 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753584 
6.54-02502-2 
MPD 6-54.025-02.2 MPD STRUT 3 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753585 
6.54-02503-1 
MPD 6-54.025-03.1 MPD STRUT 1 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753586 
6.54-02503-2 
MPD 6-54.025-03.2 MPD STRUT 4 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753587 
6.54-02504-1 
MPD 6-54.025-04.1 MPD STRUT 2 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753588 
6.54-02504-2 
MPD 6-54.025-04.2 MPD STRUT 3 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753589 
6.54-02505-1 
MPD 6-54.025-05.1 MPD STRUT 1 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753590 
6.54-02505-2 
MPD 6-54.025-05.2 MPD STRUT 4 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753591 
6.54-02506-1 
MPD 6-54.025-06.1 MPD STRUT 2 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753592 
6.54-02506-2 
MPD 6-54.025-06.2 MPD STRUT 3 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753593 
6.54-02601-1 
MPD 6-54.026-01.1 MPD STRUT 2 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753594 
6.54-02601-2 
MPD 6-54.026-01.2 MPD STRUT 3 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753595 
6.54-02602-1 
MPD 6-54.026-02.1 MPD STRUT 1 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753596 
6.54-02602-2 
MPD 6-54.026-02.2 MPD STRUT 4 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753597 
6.54-02603-1 
MPD 6-54.026-03.1 MPD STRUT 1 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753598 
6.54-02603-2 
MPD 6-54.026-03.2 MPD STRUT 4 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753599 
6.54-02604-1 
MPD 6-54.026-04.1 MPD STRUT 2 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753600 
6.54-02604-2 
MPD 6-54.026-04.2 MPD STRUT 3 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753601 
6.54-02605-1 
MPD 6-54.026-05.1 MPD STRUT 1 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753602 
6.54-02605-2 
MPD 6-54.026-05.2 MPD STRUT 4 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753603 
6.54-02606-1 
MPD 6-54.026-06.1 MPD STRUT 2 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753604 
6.54-02606-2 
MPD 6-54.026-06.2 MPD STRUT 3 MID SPAR CHORD 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753605 
6.54-027.01-1 
MPD 6-54.027-01.1 MPD STRUT 1 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753606 
6.54-027.01-2 
MPD 6-54.027-01.2 MPD STRUT 2 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753607 
6.54-027.01-3 
MPD 6-54.027-01.3 MPD STRUT 3 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753608 
6.54-027.01-4 
MPD 6-54.027-01.4 MPD STRUT 4 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753609 
6.54-027.02-1 
MPD 6-54.027-02.1 MPD STRUT 1 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753610 
6.54-027.02-2 
MPD 6-54.027-02.2 MPD STRUT 4 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753611 
6.54-027.03-1 
MPD 6-54.027-03.1 MPD STRUT 2 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753612 
6-54-027-03-2 
MPD 6-54.027-03.2 MPD STRUT 3 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753613 
EFTA00809934
--- PAGE 32 ---
6.54-027.04-1 
MPD 6-54.027-04.1 MPD STRUT 1 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753614 
6.54-027.04-2 
MPD 6-54.027-04.2 MPD STRUT 2 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753615 
6.54-027.04-3 
MPD 6-54.027-04.3 MPD STRUT 3 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753616 
6-54-027-04-4 
MPD 6-54.027-04.4 MPD STRUT 4 STRINGER SPLIC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753617 
6.55-001.01-1 
MPD 6-55.001-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STABIL 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753618 
6.55-001.01-2 
MPD 6-55.001-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753619 
6.55-002.01-1 
MPD 6-55002-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STABIL 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753620 
6.55-002.01-2 
MPD 6-55002-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753621 
6.55-003.01-1 
MPD 6-55003-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZ STAB UPPER 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753622 
6.55-003.01-2 
MPD 6-55003-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZ STAB UPPER 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753623 
6.55-00401-1 
MPD 6-55.004-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZ STAB LOWER 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753624 
6.55-004.01-2 
MPD 6-55004-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZ STAB LOWER 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753625 
6.55-005.01-1 
MPD 6-55005-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZ STAB UPPER 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753626 
6-55-005.01-2 
MPD 6-55005-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZ STAB UPPER 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
17.152 
2.024 
12.11.2022 
6-55-006.01-1 
MPD 6-55006-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZ STAB LOWER 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753628 
6-55-006.01-2 
MPD 6-55006-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZ STAB LOWER 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753629 
6.55-007.01-1 
MPD 6-55007-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STABS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753630 
6.55-007.01-2 
MPD 6-55007-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753631 
6.55-00801-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB FRONT SPAR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-00801-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB FRONT SPAR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-009.01-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB FRONT SPAR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-009.01-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB FRONT SPAR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-010.01-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB ROOT JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-010.01-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB ROOT JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-011.01-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB ROOT JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-011.01-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB ROOT JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-012.01-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB ROOT JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-012.01-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB ROOT JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-013.01-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB ROOT JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-013.01-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB ROOT JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-014.01-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB ROOT JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-014.01-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB ROOT JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-015.01-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZ STAB FWD TORQUE BOX RIBS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-015.01-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZ STAB FWD TORQUE BOX RIBS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-016.01-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZ STAB FWD TORQUE BOX RIBS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-016.01-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZ STAB FWD TORQUE BOX RIBS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-017.01-1 
MPD 6-55.017-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB F 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753632 
6-55-017-01-2 
MPD 6-55.017-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753633 
6-55-018.01-1 
MPD 6-55.018-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB F 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753634 
6.55-018.01-2 
MPD 6-55018-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753635 
6.55-019.01-1 
MPD 6-55019-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB R 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753636 
6.55-019.01-2 
MPD 6-55019-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753637 
6.55-020.01-1 
MPD 6-55020-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB I 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753638 
6.55-020.01-2 
MPD 6-55020-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753639 
6.55-021.01-1 
MPD 6-55021-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB I 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753640 
6-55-021.01-2 
MPD 6-55021-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753641 
6-55-025-01-1 
MPD 6-55025-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STABS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753642 
6-55-025-01-2 
MPD 6-55.025-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753643 
6.55-02601-1 
MPD 6-55.026-01.1 MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STABS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753644 
6.55-02601-2 
MPD 6-55026-01.2 MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753645 
6.55-027.01-1 
MPD LEFT ELEV HINGES/SUPPORT STRUCTURE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-027.01-2 
MPD RIGHT ELEV HINGES/SUPPORT STRUCTURE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-02801-1 
MPD LEFT ELEV HINGES/SUPPORT STRUCTURE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-02801-2 
MPD RIGHT ELEV HINGES/SUPPORT STRUCTURE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-02901-1 
MPD LEFT INBD ELEVATOR ACTUATOR SUPPORT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-02901-2 
MPD RIGHT INBD ELEVATOR ACTUATOR SUPPORT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-03001-1 
MPD LEFT ELEVATOR HINGES/SUPPORT STRUCT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-03001-2 
MPD RIGHT ELEVATOR HINGES/SUPPORT STRUCT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-031.01-1 
MPD LEFT ELEVATOR HINGES/SUPPORT STRUCT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-031.01-2 
MPD RIGHT ELEVATOR HINGES/SUPPORT STRUCT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-032.01-1 
MPD LEFT OUTBD ELEVATOR ACTUATOR SUPPORT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-032.01-2 
MPD RIGHT OUTBOARD ELEV ACTUATOR SUPPORT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-03301-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB HINGE/SUPPORT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-03301-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB HINGE/SUPPORT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-55-033-02 
MPD HORIZONTAL STABILIZER HINGE PINS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-55-034-01 
MPD HORIZONTAL STAB JACKSCREW SUPPORT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-55-035-01 
MPD HORIZONTAL STABILIZER CENTER SECTION 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-55-036-01-1 
MPD LEFT OUTBD ELEVATOR BALANCE WEIGHT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-55-036-01-2 
MPD RIGHT OUTBD ELEVATOR BALANCE WEIGHT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-55-038-01 
MPD 6-55.038-01 MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER REAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753646 
6.55-039.01 
MPD 6-55.039-01 MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER STRI 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753647 
6.55-040.01 
MPD 6-55.040-01 MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER STRI 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753648 
6.55-041.01 
MPD 6-55.041-01 MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER STRI 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753649 
6.55-042.01 
MPD 6-55-042-01 MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER FRON 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753650 
6.55-043.01 
MPD 6-55-043-01 MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER ATTA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753651 
6.55-04401 
MPD 6-55-044-01 MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER ATTA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753652 
EFTA00809935
--- PAGE 33 ---
6.55-04501 
MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER AUX SPAR LINK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-046.01 
MPD 6-55-046-01 MPD VERTICAL STAB FWD TORQUE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753653 
6.55-047.01 
MPD 6-55-047-01 MPD VERTICAL STAB FWD TORQUE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753654 
6-55-048.01 
MPD 6-55.048-01 MPD VERTICAL STAB FRONT SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753655 
6.55-049.01 
MPD 6-55.049-01 MPD VERTICAL STAB REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753656 
6.55-050.01 
MPD 6-55.050-01 MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER AND 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753657 
6.55-051.01 
MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER INSPAR RIBS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-054.01 
MPD 6-55-054-01 MPD VERTICAL STAB STRINGERS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753658 
6.55-055.01 
MPD RUDDER HINGES AND SUPPORT STRUCTURE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-056.01 
MPD RUDDER HINGES AND SUPPORT STRUCTURE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-057.01 
MPD LOWER RUDDER ACTUATOR SUPPORT STRUCT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-058.01 
MPD RUDDER HINGES AND SUPPORT STRUCTURE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-059.01 
MPD RUDDER HINGES AND SUPPORT STRUCTURE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-060.02 
MPD UPPER RUDDER ACTUATOR SUPPORT STRUCT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-061.01 
MPD UPPER RUDDER BAL WT SUPPORT STRUCT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-200.01 
MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER LEADING EDGE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-201.01 
MPD VERT STAB FRONT SPAR TO REAR SPAR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-201.02 
MPD VERT STAB REAR SPAR TO TRAILING EDGE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-201.03 
MPD UPPER AND LOWER RUDDERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-201.04 
MPD VERTICAL STABILIZER TIP 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-202.01-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STAB LEADING EDGE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-202.01-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STAB LEADING EDGE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-20301-1 
MPD L HORIZ STAB FRONT SPAR TO TRLG EDGE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-20301-2 
MPD R HORIZ STAB FRONT SPAR TO TRLG EDGE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-20302-1 
MPD LEFT ELEVATORS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-203.02-2 
MPD RIGHT ELEVATORS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-203.03-1 
MPD LEFT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER TIP 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-203.03-2 
MPD RIGHT HORIZONTAL STABILIZER TIP 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-203.04 
MPD HORIZONTAL STABILIZER TORSION BOX 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.55-204.01 
MPD EMPENNAGE EXTERIOR SURFACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-001.01 
MPD WING CENTER SECTION FRONT SPAR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-001.02 
MPD WING CENTER SECTION BBL 0 RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-002-01 
MPD WING CENTER SECTION FRONT SPAR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-003.01 
MPD WING CENTER SECTION FRONT SPAR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-004.01 
MPD WING CENTER SECTION SPAN WISE BEAMS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-005.01 
MPD WING CENTER SECTION SPAN WISE BEAMS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-006.01-1 
MPD 6-57.006-01.1 MPD WING CENTER SECTION RE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753659 
6-57-006.01-2 
MPD 6-57.006-01.2 MPD WING CENTER SECTION RE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753660 
6-57-007-01 
MPD 6-57.007-01 MPD WING CENTER SECTION REAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753661 
6-57-008.01 
MPD 6-57.008-01 MPD WING CENTER SECTION REAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753662 
6.57-009.01 
MPD 6-57.009-01 MPD WING CENTER SECTION REAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753663 
6.57-010.01 
MPD WING CENTER SECTION UPPER SKIN 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-011.01 
MPD WING CENTER SECTION UPPER SKIN 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-012.01 
MPD 6-57.012-01 MPD WING CENTER SECTION LOWE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753664 
6.57-013.01 
MPD WING CENTER SECTION LOWER SKIN 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-014.01 
MPD WING CENTER SECTION LOWER SKIN 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-015.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING UPPER SIDE-OF-BODY JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-015.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING UPPER SIDE-OF-BODY JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-016.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING LOWER SIDE-OF-BODY JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-016.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING LOWER SIDE-OF-BODY JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-017.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING LOWER SIDE-OF-BODY JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-017.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING LOWER SIDE-OF-BODY JOINTS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-018.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING SIDE-OF-BODY RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-018.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING SIDE-OF-BODY RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-019.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING SIDE-OF-BODY COMMON JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-019.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING SIDE-OF-BODY COMMON JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-020.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING SIDE-OF-BODY COMMON JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-020.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING SIDE-OF-BODY COMMON JOINT 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-021.01-1 
MPD 6-57.021-01.1 MPD LEFT WING REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753665 
6.57-021.01-2 
MPD 6-57.021-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753666 
6.57-022.01-1 
MPD 6-57.022-01.1 MPD LEFT WING REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753667 
6.57-022.01-2 
MPD 6-57.022-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753668 
6.57-022.02-1 
MPD 6-57.022-02.1 MPD L WING REAR SPAR FLAP 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753669 
6.57-022.02-2 
MPD 6-57.022-02.2 MPD R WING REAR SPAR FLAP 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753670 
6.57-02301-1 
MPD 6-57.023-01.1 MPD LEFT WING REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753671 
6.57-02301-2 
MPD 6-57.023-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753672 
6.57-02401-1 
MPD 6-57.024-01.1 MPD LEFT WING REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753673 
6.57-02401-2 
MPD 6-57.024-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753674 
6-57-024-02-1 
MPD 6-57.024-02.1 MPD LEFT WING REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753675 
6-57-024-02-2 
MPD 6-57.024-02.2 MPD RIGHT WING REAR SPAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753676 
6-57-025-01-1 
MPD 6-57.025-01.1 MPD L WING FRONT AND REAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753677 
6.57-02501-2 
MPD 6-57.025-01.2 MPD R WING FRONT AND REAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753678 
6.57-02502-1 
MPD 6-57.025-02.1 MPD L WING FRONT AND REAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753679 
6.57-02502-2 
MPD 6-57.025-02.2 MPD R WING FRONT AND REAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753680 
6.57-02601-1 
MPD LEFT WING MIDSPAR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-026-01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING MIDSPAR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
EFTA00809936
--- PAGE 34 ---
6.57-03301-1 
MPD 6-57.033-01.1 MPD L WING STRINGER RUNOUT 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753681 
6.57-033.01-2 
MPD 6-57.033-01.2 MPD R WING STRINGER RUNOUT 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753682 
6.57-03401-1 
MPD 6-57.034-01.1 MPD LEFT WING LOWER SURFAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753683 
6-57-034.01-2 
MPD 6-57.034-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING LOWER SURFA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753684 
6-57-035.01-1 
MPD 6-57.035-01.1 MPD L WING LWR SURFACE STR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753685 
6-57-035-01-2 
MPD 6-57.035-01.2 MPD R WING LWR SURFACE STR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753687 
6-57-036-01-1 
MPD 6-57.036-01.1 MPD LEFT WING LOWER SURFAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753688 
6-57-036-01-2 
MPD 6-57.036-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING LOWER SURFA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753689 
6-57-037-01-1 
MPD LEFT WING LOWER SURFACE STRINGERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-037-01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING LOWER SURFACE STRINGERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-038.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING LOWER SURFACE STRINGERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-038-01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING LOWER SURFACE STRINGERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-039-01-1 
MPD LEFT WING LOWER SURFACE STRINGERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-039.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING LOWER SURFACE STRINGERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-040.01-1 
MPD 6-57.040-01.1 MPD LEFT WING UPPER SURFAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753690 
6-57-040.01-2 
MPD 6-57.040-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING UPPER SURFA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753691 
6-57-041.01-1 
MPD 6-57.041-01.1 MPD LEFT WING UPPER SURFAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753693 
6-57-041.01-2 
MPD 6-57.041-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING UPPER SURFA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753694 
6-57-042-01-1 
MPD 6-57.042-01.1 MPD L WING UPPER SKIN AND 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753695 
6.57-042.01-2 
MPD 6-57.042-01.2 MPD R WING UPPER SKIN AND 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753696 
6.57-04301-1 
MPD LEFT WING UPPER SURFACE STRINGERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-043.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING UPPER SURFACE STRINGERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-043.02-1 
MPD LEFT WING INSPAR RIBS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-043.02-2 
MPD RIGHT WING INSPAR RIBS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-04401-1 
MPD LEFT WING STATION 469 RIB CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-044.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING STATION 469 RIB CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-045.01-1 
MPD 6-57.045-01.1 MPD LEFT WING STATION 469 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753697 
6-57-045.01-2 
MPD 6-57.045-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING STATION 469 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753698 
6-57-046.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING STATION 469 RIB CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-046.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING STATION 469 RIB CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-047-01-1 
MPD LEFT WING STATION 469 RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-047.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING STATION 469 RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-048.01-1 
MPD 6-57.048-01.1 MPD LEFT WING STATION 480 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753699 
6.57-04801-2 
MPD 6-57.048-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING STATION 480 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753700 
6-57-049-02-1 
MPD LEFT WING STATION 586 RIB CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-049-02-2 
MPD RIGHT WING STATION 586 RIB CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-050-01-1 
MPD 6-57.050-01.1 MPD LEFT WING STA 586 RIB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753701 
6-57-050.01-2 
MPD 6-57.050-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING STA 586 RIB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753702 
6-57-051.02-1 
MPD LEFT WING STATION 586 RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-051.02-2 
MPD RIGHT WING STATION 586 RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-051.03-1 
MPD LEFT WING STATION 586 RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-051.03-2 
MPD RIGHT WING STATION 586 RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-051.04-1 
MPD LEFT WING STATION 586 RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-051.04-2 
MPD RIGHT WING STATION 586 RIB 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-052-02-1 
MPD LEFT WING WBL 353 RIB CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-052-02-2 
MPD RIGHT WING WBL 353 RIB CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-053-01-1 
MPD 6-57.053-01.1 MPD LEFT WING WBL 353 RIB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753703 
6-57-053-01-2 
MPD 6-57.053-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING WBL 353 RIB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753704 
6-57-053-02-1 
MPD 6-57.053-02.1 MPD LEFT WING WBL 353 RIB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753705 
6-57-053-02-2 
MPD 6-57.053-02.2 MPD RIGHT WING WBL 353 RIB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753706 
6-57-054.02-1 
MPD WING WBL 353 BACKUP TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-054-02-2 
MPD WING WBL 353 BACKUP TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-055-02-1 
MPD WING WBL 353 RIB WEB AND STIFFENERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-055-02-2 
MPD WING WBL 353 RIB WEB AND STIFFENERS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-056.01-1 
MPD 6-57.056-01.1 MPD WG WBL 353 FLAP TRACK 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753707 
6-57-056-01-2 
MPD 6-57.056-01.2 MPD WG WBL 353 FLAP TRACK 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753708 
6-57-056-02-1 
MPD 6-57.056-02.1 MPD WG WBL 353 FLAP TRACK 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753709 
6-57-056-02-2 
MPD 6-57.056-02.2 MPD WG WBL 353 FLAP TRACK 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753710 
6-57-057-01-1 
MPD WING STA 669 RIB UPPER/LOWER CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-057-01-2 
MPD WING STA 669 RIB UPPER/LOWER CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-058-01-1 
MPD 6-57.058-01.1 MPD WG STA 669 RIB UPPER& 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753711 
6-57-058-01-2 
MPD 6-57.058-01.2 MPD WG STA 669 RIB UPPER& 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753712 
6-57-059-01-1 
MPD WG STA 669 - TWO BACKUP TENSION FTGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-059.01-2 
MPD WG STA 669 - TWO BACKUP TENSION FTGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-060.01-1 
MPD WING WBL 470 RIB UPPER/LOWER CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-060.01-2 
MPD WING WBL 470 RIB UPPER/LOWER CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-061.01-1 
MPD 6-57.061-01.1 MPD WING WBL 470 RIB UPR/L 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753713 
6-57-061.01-2 
MPD 6-57.061-01.2 MPD WING WBL 470 RIB UPR/L 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753714 
6-57-062-01-1 
MPD WING WBL 470 BACKUP TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-062-01-2 
MPD WING WBL 470 BCKUP TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-06101-1 
MPD WING WBL 470 RIB UPPER CHORD 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-063.01-2 
MPD WING WBL 470 RIB UPPER CHORD 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-064.02-1 
MPD WING WBL 584 RIB UPR&WR CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-064-02-2 
MPD WING WBL 584 RIB UPR&WR CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-065-01-1 
MPD 6-57.065-01.1 MPD WING WBL 584 RIB UPR/L 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753715 
6-57-065-01-2 
MPD 6-57.065-01.2 MPD WING WBL 584 RIB UHL& 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753716 
EFTA00809937
--- PAGE 35 ---
6-57-06502-1 
MPD 6-57.065-02.1 MPD WING WBL 584 RIB UPR/L 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753717 
6-57-065-02-2 
MPD 6-57.065-02.2 MPD WING WBL 584 RIB UPR/L 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753718 
6-57-066-02-1 
MPD WG WBL 584 - TWO BACKUP TENSION FTGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-066-02-2 
MPD WG WBL 584 - TWO BACKUP TENSION FTGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-067-01-1 
MPD 6-57.067-01.1 MPD WING WBL 584 FLAP TRAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753719 
6-57-067-01-2 
MPD 6-57.067-01.2 MPD WING WBL 584 FLAP TRAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753720 
6-57-067-02-1 
MPD 6-57.067-02.1 MPD WING WBL 584 FLAP TRAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753721 
6-57-067-02-2 
MPD 6-57.067-02.2 MPD WING WBL 584 FLAP TRAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753722 
6-57-068-01-1 
MPD WING STA 1140 RIB UPPER/LOWER CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-068-01-2 
MPD WING STA 1140 RIB UPPER/LOWER CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-069-01-1 
MPD 6-57.069-01.1 MPD WING STA 1140 RIB UPR/ 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753723 
6-57-069-01-2 
MPD 6-57.069-01.2 MPD WING STA 1140 RIB UPR/ 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753724 
6-57-070.01-1 
MPD WG STA 1140-TWO BACKUP TENSION FIGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-070-01-2 
MPD WG STA 1140-TWO BACKUP TENSION FIGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-071.02-1 
MPD WING WBL 743 RIB UPPR/LOWER CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-071.02-2 
MPD WING WBL 743 RIB UPPER/LOWER CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-072-01-1 
MPD 6-57.072-01.1 MPD WING WBL 743 RIB UPR/L 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753725 
6-57-072-01-2 
MPD 6-57.072-01.2 MPD WING WBL 743 RIB UPRIL 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753726 
6-57-072-02-1 
MPD 6-57.072-02.1 MPD WING WBL 743 RIB UPRIL 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753727 
6-57-072-02-2 
MPD 6-57.072-02.2 MPD WING WBL 743 RIB UPRIL 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753728 
6-57-073-02-1 
MPD WING WBL 743 BACKUP TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-073-02-2 
MPD WING WBL 743 BACKUP TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-075-01-1 
MPD WING WBL 834 RIB UPPER/LOWER CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-075.01-2 
MPD WING WBL 834 RIB UPPER/LOWER CHORDS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-076.01-1 
MPD 6-57.076-01.1 MPD WING WBL 834 RIB UPRIL 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753729 
6-57-076.01-2 
MPD 6-57.076-01.2 MPD WING WBL 834 RIB UPRIL 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753730 
6-57-077-01-1 
MPD WING WBL 834 TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-077-01-2 
MPD WING WBL 834 TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-077-02-1 
MPD WING WBL 834 TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-077-02-2 
MPD WING WBL 834 TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-077-03-1 
MPD WING WBL 834 TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-077.03-2 
MPD WING WBL 834 TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-077.04-1 
MPD WING WBL 834 TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-077.04-2 
MPD WING WBL 834 TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-077-05-1 
MPD WING WBL 834 TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-077-05-2 
MPD WING WBL 834 TENSION FITTING 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-078.01-1 
MPD WING-PYLON 1 ATTACHMENT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-078.01-2 
MPD WING-PYLON 2 ATTACHMENT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-078.01-3 
MPD WING-PYLON 3 ATTACHMENT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-078.01-4 
MPD WING-PYLON 4 ATTACHMENT FITTINGS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-07901-1 
MPD 6-57.079-01.1 MPD WING FRONT SPAR UPPER/ 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753731 
6.57-07901-2 
MPD 6-57.079-01.2 MPD WING FRONT SPAR UPPER/ 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753732 
6.57-08001-1 
MPD 6-57.080-01.1 MPD WING FRONT SPAR CHORDS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753733 
6-57-080.01-2 
MPD 6-57.080-01.2 MPD WING FRONT SPAR CHORDS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753734 
6-57-080.01-3 
MPD 6-57.080-01.3 MPD WING FRONT SPAR CHORDS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753735 
6-57-080.01-4 
MPD 6-57.080-01.4 MPD WING FRONT SPAR CHORDS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753736 
6-57-081.01-1 
MPD 6-57.081-01.1 MPD WING UPPER AND LOWERS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753737 
6-57-081.01-2 
MPD 6-57.081-01.2 MPD WING UPPER AND LOWERS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753738 
6-57-081.01-3 
MPD 6-57.081-01.3 MPD WING UPPER AND LOWERS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753739 
6-57-081.01-4 
MPD 6-57.081-01.4 MPD WING UPPER AND LOWERS 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753740 
6-57-084.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING LANDING GEAR SUPPORT BEAM 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-08401-2 
MPD RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR SUPPORT BEAM 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-08501-1 
MPD LEFT WING LANDING GEAR SUPPORT BEAM 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-08501-2 
MPD RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR SUPPORT BEAM 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-086-01-1 
MPD 6-57.086-01.1 MPD LEFT WING LANDING GEAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753741 
6-57-086-01-2 
MPD 6-57.086-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING LANDING GEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753742 
6-57-087-01-1 
MPD 6-57.087-01.1 MPD LEFT WING LANDING GEAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753743 
6-57-087-01-2 
MPD 6-57.087-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING LANDING GEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753744 
6-57-088.01-1 
MPD 6-57.088-01.1 MPD LEFT WING LANDING GEAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753745 
6-57-088-01-2 
MPD 6-57.088-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING LANDING GEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753746 
6-57-088-02-1 
MPD 6-57.088-02.1 MPD LEFT WING LANDING GEAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753747 
6-57-088-02-2 
MPD 6-57.088-02.2 MPD RIGHT WING LANDING GEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753748 
6-57-089-01-1 
MPD LEFT WING LANDING GEAR WALKING BEAM 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-089-01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING LANDING GEAR WALKING BEAM 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-090-01-1 
MPD 6-57.090-01.1 MPD LEFT WING LANDING GEAR 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753749 
6-57-090-01-2 
MPD 6-57.090-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING LANDING GEA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753750 
6-57-091.01-1 
MPD 6-57.091-01.1 MPD LEFT WING FRONT AND RE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753751 
6-57-091.01-2 
MPD 6-57.091-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING FRONT AND R 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753752 
6-57-093-01-1 
MPD 6-57.093-01.1 MPD LEFT WING LOWER SURFAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753753 
6-57-093.01-2 
MPD 6-57.093-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING LOWER SURFA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753754 
6-57-094.01-1 
MPD 6-57.094-01.1 MPD LEFT WING SPOILER SUPP 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753755 
6-57-094-01-2 
MPD 6-57.094-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING SPOILER SUP 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753756 
6-57-094-02-1 
MPD 6-57.094-02.1 MPD LEFT WING SPOILER SUPP 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753757 
6.57-09402-2 
MPD 6-57.094-02.2 MPD RIGHT WING SPOILER SUP 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753758 
6.57-09403-1 
MPD 6-57.094-03.1 MPD LEFT WING INBOARD TRAI 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753759 
6-57-094-03-2 
MPD 6-57.094-03.2 MPD RIGHT WING INBOARD TRA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753760 
EFTA00809938
--- PAGE 36 ---
6.57-09601-1 
MPD LEFT WING INBOARD AILERON HINGES 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-09601-2 
MPD RIGHT WING INBOARD AILERON HINGES 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-097.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING INBOARD AILERON ACTUATOR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-097-01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING INBOARD AILERON ACTUATOR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-098-01-1 
MPD LEFT WING INBOARD AILERON HINGES 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-098-01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING INBOARD AILERON HINGES 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-099-01-1 
MPD LEFT WING OUTBOARD AILERON HINGES 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-099-01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING OUTBOARD AILERON HINGES 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-100.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING OUTBOARD AILERON ACTUATOR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-100.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING OUTBOARD AILERON ACTUATOR 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-101.01-1 
MPD 6-57.101-01.1 MPD LEFT WING INBOARD1OUTB 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753761 
6-57-101.01-2 
MPD 6-57.101-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING INBOARD/OUT 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753762 
6-57-102-01-1 
MPD 6-57.102-01.1 MPD LEFT WING TE FLAP TRAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753763 
6-57-102-01-2 
MPD 6-57.102-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING TE FLAP TRA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753764 
6-57-102-03-1 
MPD 6-57.102-03.1 MPD LEFT WING TE FLAP TRAC 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753765 
6-57-102-03-2 
MPD 6-57.102-03.2 MPD RIGHT WING TE FLAP TRA 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753766 
6-57-103.01-1 
MPD 6-57.103-01.1 MPD LEFT WING TE FLAP 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753767 
6-57-103.01-2 
MPD 6-57.103-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING TE FLAP 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753768 
6-57-104.01-1 
MPD 6-57.104-01.1 MPD LEFT WING TE FLAP 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753769 
6-57-104-01-2 
MPD 6-57.104-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING TE FLAP 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753770 
6-57-105.01-1 
MPD 6-57.105-01.1 MPD LEFT WG INBD/OUTBD TE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753771 
6-57-105.01-2 
MPD 6-57.105-01.2 MPD RIGHT WG INBD/OUTBD TE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753772 
6-57-105.02-1 
MPD 6-57.105-02.1 MPD LEFT WG INBD/OUTBD TE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753773 
6-57-105-02-2 
MPD 6-57.105-02.2 MPD RIGHT WG INBD1OUTBD TE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753774 
6-57-106-01-1 
MPD 6-57.106-01.1 MPD LEFT WING TRAILING EDG 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753775 
6-57-106-01-2 
MPD 6-57.106-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING TRAILING ED 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753776 
6-57-106.02-1 
MPD 6-57.106-02.1 MPD LEFT WING TRAILING EDG 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753777 
6-57-106.02-2 
MPD 6-57.106-02.2 MPD RIGHT WING TRAILING ED 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753778 
6-57-112-01-1 
MPD 6-57.112-01.1 MPD LEFT WING INBOARD TE F 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753789 
6-57-112-01-2 
MPD 6-57.112-01.2 MPD RIGHT WING INBOARD TE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753790 
6-57-112-02-1 
MPD 6-57.112-02.1 MPD LEFT WING OUTBOARD TE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753791 
6-57-112-02-2 
MPD 6-57.112-02.2 MPD RIGHT WING OUTBOARD TE 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753792 
6-57-112-03-1 
MPD 6-57.112-03.1 MPD LEFT WING TRAILING EDG 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753793 
6-57-112-03-2 
MPD 6-57.112-03.2 MPD RIGHT WING TRAILING ED 
66.142 
9.000 
01.07.2004 
316753794 
6.57-200.01 
MPD CENTER SECTION WING BOX 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-202.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING TIP 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-202.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING TIP 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-202-02-1 
MPD LEFT WING WBL 834 TO WING STA 1485 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-202-02-2 
MPD RIGHT WING WBL 834 TO WING STA 1485 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-202.03-1 
MPD LEFT WING OUTBOARD MAIN FUEL TANK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-202.03-2 
MPD RIGHT WING OUTBOARD MAIN FUEL TANK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-202.04-1 
MPD LEFT WING INBOARD MAIN FUEL TANK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-202.04-2 
MPD RIGHT WING INBOARD MAIN FUEL TANK 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-203.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING FLAP TRACK FAIRING AREAS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-203.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING FLAP TRACK FAIRING AREAS 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-203.02-1 
MPD LEFT WING TRAILING EDGE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-203.02-2 
MPD RIGHT WING TRAILING EDGE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6.57-204.01-1 
MPD LEFT WING EXTERIOR SURFACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
6-57-204.01-2 
MPD RIGHT WING EXTERIOR SURFACE 
PACK 18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316761591 
12.11.2022 
7-C3271501 
NOSE LANDING GEAR OVERHAUL/INSPECTION 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316758878 
12.11.2022 
7-C32735011 
CPCP - WING AND BODY LANDING GEAR 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316758879 
12.11.2022 
7-C32735031 
CPCP - LEFT WING 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035682 
18.05.2017 
7-C32735032 
CPCP - RIGHT WING 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035683 
18.05.2017 
7-C32735033 
CPCP - LEFT WING 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316758882 
12.11.2022 
7-C32735034 
CPCP - RIGHT WING 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316758883 
12.11.2022 
7-053100011 
CPCP - LOWER FUSELAGE 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035686 
18.05.2017 
7-053100012 
CPCP - LOWER FUSELAGE 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035687 
18.05.2017 
7-053100013 
CPCP - LOWER FUSELAGE 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035688 
18.05.2017 
7-053100014 
CPCP - LOWER FUSELAGE 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035689 
18.05.2017 
7-053100015 
CPCP - LOWER FUSELAGE 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035690 
18.05.2017 
7.053100016 
CPCP - LOWER FUSELAGE 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035691 
18.05.2017 
7.053100017 
CPCP - LOWER FUSELAGE 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035692 
18.05.2017 
7.053100018 
CPCP - LOWER FUSELAGE 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035693 
18.05.2017 
7-053100019 
CPCP - LOWER FUSELAGE 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035694 
18.05.2017 
7.053110011 
FUSELAGE - LOWER LOBE - CPCP 
YT 
67.223 
9.616 
-176 
05.11.2010 316751516 03.11.2016 
7.053110012 
FWD CARGO COMPARTMENT - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316758894 
13.11.2019 
7.053110013 
AFT CARGO COMP INSPECTION - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316758895 
13.11.2019 
7.053125011 
CPCP - FUSELAGE 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
199 
14.11.2013 316758896 
13.11.2017 
7-053125012 
CPCP - FUSELAGE 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
199 
14.11.2013 316758897 
13.11.2017 
7-053190011 
CPCP - FUSELAGE 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
05.11.2010 316751622 05.05.2017 
7-053190012 
CPCP - FUSELAGE 
MT 
67.223 
9.616 
05.11.2010 316751621 05.05.2017 
7.053200011 
CPCP - UPPER FUSELAGE 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316758900 
13.11.2018 
7.053200012 
CPCP - UPPER FUSELAGE 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316758901 
13.11.2018 
7.053200013 
CPCP - UPPER FUSELAGE 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316758902 
13.11.2018 
7-053200014 
CPCP - UPPER FUSELAGE 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316758903 
13.11.2018 
7-053200015 
CPCP - SECTION 48 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316758904 
13.11.2018 
EFTA00809939
--- PAGE 37 ---
7-053210011 
UPR LOBE-INT - BS 400.1000 - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.659 
14.11.2013 316758905 
12.11.2021 
7-053210012 
UPR LOBE - INT - BS 134.75 - 520 - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.659 
14.11.2013 316758906 
12.11.2021 
7-053210013 
UPR LOBE- INT - BS 520.1000 - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.659 
14.11.2013 316759007 
12.11.2021 
7-053210014 
UPR LOBE- INT - BS 1000.1480 - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.659 
14.11.2013 316759008 
12.11.2021 
7-053210015 
UPPER LOBE- INT- BS 1480. 2360 - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.659 
14.11.2013 316759009 
12.11.2021 
7-053210016 
UPR LOBE- CROWN AREA BS 1000.1480 - CPC 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.659 
14.11.2013 316759010 
12.11.2021 
7-053210017 
UPR LOBE - CROWN AREA BS2040.2360 -CPC 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.659 
14.11.2013 316759011 
12.11.2021 
7-05321002 
UPR LOBE - INT - BS 1217.1265 - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 316759012 
13.11.2016 
7-053210031 
UPR DECK FLOOR UNDER LAVS.GALLEYS (INST) 
YT 
68395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035712 
18.05.2017 
7-053210032 
UPR DECK FLOOR UNDER LAVS.GALLEYS (REM) 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759014 
13.11.2019 
7-053210033 
MAIN DECK FLOOR UNDER LAVS.GALLEYS (INS) 
YT 
68.395 
10.29 
19.05.2015 321035714 
18.05.2017 
7-053210034 
MAIN DECK FLOOR UNDER LAVS. GALLEYS-REM 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759016 
13.11.2019 
7-053210041 
CPCP - FUSELAGE 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759017 
13.11.2019 
7.053210042 
CPCP - UPPER LOBE 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759018 
13.11.2019 
7-05321005 
EXT SURFACE UPPER SKIN CPCP INSPECTION 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759019 
13.11.2019 
7-05321006 
MIDECK LONG. FLOOR BEAMS INSPECTION 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759020 
13.11.2019 
7-05321007 
MrDECK SEAT TRACK INSPECTION 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759021 
13.11.2019 
7-053210081 
CPCP - FUSELAGE 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759022 
13.11.2019 
7.053210082 
CPCP - FUSELAGE 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759023 
13.11.2019 
7-05321009 
MAIN ENTRYiSERVICE DOOR INSPECTION 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759024 
13.11.2019 
7-05321010 
8S2360 PRESSURE BULKHEAD LOWER CHORD 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.659 
14.11.2013 316759025 
12.11.2021 
7-05322101 
FLT CREW COMPT INSPECTION 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759026 
12.11.2023 
7-05322102 
CREW OVERHEAD HATCH CPCP INSPECTION 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759027 
13.11.2018 
7-053310011 
SECT 48 INT.INCL EXT SURFACE OF STAB C/S 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759028 
13.11.2018 
7-053310012 
SECTION 48 INTERIOR. APU COMPARTMENT 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759029 
13.11.2018 
7-05440001P 1 
#1 PYLON ON WING INSPECTION - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 316759030 
13.11.2016 
7-05440001P2 
#2 PYLON INSPECTION ON WING - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 316759031 
13.11.2016 
7-05440001P3 
#3 PYLON INSPECTION ON WING- CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 316759032 
13.11.2016 
7-05440001P4 
#4 PYLON INSPECTION ON WING - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 316759033 
13.11.2016 
7-05440001P5 
#1 PYLON POWER PLANT STRUT - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
4.214 
14.11.2013 317342553 
10.11.2028 
7-05440001P6 
#2 PYLON POWER PLANT STRUT - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
4.214 
14.11.2013 317342554 
10.11.2028 
7-05440001P7 
#3 PYLON POWER PLANT STRUT - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
4.214 
14.11.2013 317342555 
10.11.2028 
7-05440001P8 
#4 PYLON POWER PLANT STRUT - CPCP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
4.214 
14.11.2013 317342556 
10.11.2028 
7-05532001 
VERT STAB AND RUDDER EXT INSP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759038 
13.11.2018 
7-05532101 
VERT STAB UE CAVITY INSP 
YT 
67.724 
9.847 
1.255 
06.10.2012 316759039 04.10.2020 
7-05532301 
VERT STAB MAIN TORQUE BOX 
YT 
67.584 
9.802 
1.127 
31.05.2012 316759040 29.05.2020 
7-05532401 
VERTICAL STABILIZER - TE CAVITY INTERIOR 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759041 
13.11.2018 
7-055330011 
LH HORZ STAB & ELEVATOR EXT INSP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759042 
13.11.2018 
7-055330012 
RH HORZ STAB & ELEVATOR EXT INSP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759043 
13.11.2018 
7-055331011 
UH HORIZ STAB UEDGE CAVIT - INSP 
YT 
67.724 
9.847 
1.255 
06.10.2012 316759044 
04.10.2020 
7.055331012 
RI-I HORIZ STAB UEDGE CAVIT - INSP 
YT 
67.724 
9.847 
1.255 
06.10.2012 316759045 04.10.2020 
7.055333011 
UH HORIZONTAL STAB TORQUE BOX INSP 
YT 
67.584 
9.802 
1.127 
31.05.2012 316759046 29.05.2020 
7.055333012 
R/H HORIZONTAL STAB TORQUE BOX INSP 
YT 
67.584 
9.802 
1.127 
31.05.2012 316759047 29.05.2020 
7.055334011 
HORIZ STAB LH T/E CAVITY INSPECT 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759048 
13.11.2018 
7.055334012 
HORIZ STAB RH T/E CAVITY INSPECT 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759049 
13.11.2018 
7-05533801 
H/STAB CENT/SEC TORQUE BOX INSPECT 
YT 
67.584 
9.802 
1.127 
31.05.2012 316759050 29.05.2020 
7-05713101 
WING - CENTRE SECTION INSPECTION 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759051 
12.11.2023 
7-057500011 
LH WING EXTERIOR SURFACE INSPECT 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035744 
18.05.2017 
7-057500012 
RH WING EXTERIOR SURFACE INSPECT 
YT 
68.395 
10.29 
19.05.2015 321035745 
18.05.2017 
7-057500021 
UWING EXT SURFACE RABBET AREA INSPECT 
YT 
68.395 
10.29 
19.05.2015 321035746 
18.05.2017 
7-057500022 
RtWING EXT SURFACE RABBET AREA INSPECT 
YT 
68.395 
10.29 
19.05.2015 321035747 
18.05.2017 
7-057500031 
U WING - LWR SKIN AT BOOST PUMP ACCESS 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759056 
13.11.2018 
7-057500032 
R/ WING - LWR SKIN AT BOOST PUMP ACCESS 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759057 
13.11.2018 
7-057510013 
UH WING UEDGE CAVITY CPCP INSP 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035750 
18.05.2017 
7-057510014 
RH WING UEDGE CAVITY CPCP INSP 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035751 
18.05.2017 
7-057510021 
LH WING UE CAVITY - CPCP 
YT 
67.223 
9.616 
-176 
05.11.2010 316751557 03.11.2016 
7-057510022 
RH WING UE CAVITY - CPCP 
YT 
67.223 
9.616 
-176 
05.11.2010 316751556 03.11.2016 
7-057540011 
LEFT WING 0/B MAIN BOX INSPECTION 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759062 
12.11.2023 
7-057540012 
RIGHT WING 01B MAIN BOX INSPECTION 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759063 
12.11.2023 
7-057540031 
LH LWR W/SKIN F/TANK ACCESS CUT OUTS-CPC 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759064 
13.11.2018 
7-057540032 
RH LWR W/SKIN F/TANK ACCESS CUT OUTS-CPC 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759065 
13.11.2018 
7-057560011 
LH T/EDGE CAVITY INSPECT 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035756 
18.05.2017 
7-057560012 
RH T/EDGE CAVITY INSPECT 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035757 
18.05.2017 
7-057560101 
LEFT WING - TE CAVITY - FLAPS INSP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759068 
12.11.2023 
7-057560102 
RIGHT WING - TE CAVITY - FLAPS INSP 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759069 
12.11.2023 
7-057560111 
UW TE CAVITY INT.INBD FLAP DRIVE LINK 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035760 
18.05.2017 
7-057560112 
UW TE CAVITY INT.OUTBD FLAP DRIVE LINK 
YT 
68.395 
10.29 
19.05.2015 321035761 
18.05.2017 
7-057560113 
FOW CAVITY INT.INBD FLAP DRIVE LINK 
YT 
68.395 
10.29 
19.05.2015 321035762 
18.05.2017 
7-057560114 
FOW TE CAVITY INT.OUTBD FLAP DRIVE LINK 
YT 
68.395 
10.29 
19.05.2015 321035763 
18.05.2017 
7-057560121 
LW - TE CAVITY - INT FLAP DRIVE LNKG 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759074 
12.11.2023 
7-057560122 
LW - TE CAVITY - INT FLAP DRIVE LNKG 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759075 
12.11.2023 
7-057560123 
FOW - TE CAVITY - INT FLAP DRIVE LNKG 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759076 
12.11.2023 
7-057560124 
FOW - TE CAVITY - INT FLAP DRIVE LNKG 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759077 
12.11.2023 
71110130C 
711101300 NOSE COWLING 
NT 
71210120C 
71210120C FITTING AT LWR MOUNT 
NT 
71210130C 
712101300 TANGENTIAL LINK AT LWR MOUNT 
NT 
EFTA00809940
--- PAGE 38 ---
71210140C 
71210140C SAFETY LINK AT LWR MOUNT 
NT 
71210220C 
71210220C FWD & AFT UPPER ENG MOUNT 
NT 
71210230C 
71210230C FITTING ASSY AFT UPPER MOUNT 
NT 
71210240C 
71210240C THRUST LINK ASSY AFT UPPER MO 
NT 
71210250C 
71210250C BOLTS AFT UPPER MOUNT 
NT 
712102600 
71210260C NUTS AFT UPPER MOUNT 
NT 
71210280C 
71210280C SAFETY STRAP END FWD UPPER MO 
NT 
712102900 
712102900 SUPPORT HANGAR ASSY FWD UPPER 
NT 
712103000 
71210300C BOLTS FWD UPPER MOUNT 
NT 
71210310C 
71210310C NUTS FWD UPPER MOUNT 
NT 
715001100 
71500110C FIRE DETECTION SYSTEM 
NT 
72000010C 
72000010C ENGINE JT9D 
NT 
72310110C 
72310110C INLET CONE (REAR SEGMENT) 
NT 
72310120C 
72310120C FAN CASE MODULE H 
NT 
723102000 
72310200C FAN ROTOR & BLADES MODULE G 
NT 
72320110C 
723201100 FRONT COMPRESSOR ROTOR & STAT 
NT 
72340110C 
72340110C INTERMEDIATE CASE MODULE J 
NT 
72350110C 
723501100 REAR COMPRESSOR ROTOR & STATO 
NT 
72350120C 
72350120C 15TH STAGE COMPRESSOR DISC 
NT 
72350130C 
72350130C 14TH STAGE COMPRESSOR DISC 
NT 
72400110C 
72400110C DIFFUSER CASE & BEARING ASSY 
NT 
72410112C 
724101120 COMBUSTION CASE & DIFFUSER CA 
NT 
72410120C 
72410120C COMBUSTION LINER 
NT 
72410121C 
72410121C COMBUSTION LINER OUTER 
NT 
72410123C 
724101230 FUEL NOZZLE & SUPPORTS 
NT 
72410130C 
72410130C DIFFUSER CASE REAR RAIL 
NT 
72510110C 
72510110C REAR COMPRESSOR DRIVE TURBINE 
NT 
72510111C 
725101110 STAGE 2 TURBINE BLADE 
NT 
72510112C 
725101120 STAGE 1 TURBINE BLADE 
NT 
72520111C 
72520111C FRONT COMPRESSOR DRIVE TURBIN 
NT 
72530120C 
72530120C TURBINE EXHAUST CASE MODULE L 
NT 
72530130C 
72530130C TURBINE EXHAUST CASE 
NT 
72610110C 
726101100 ANGLE GEARBOX C1W COUPLING MO 
NT 
72610120C 
72610120C MAIN GEARBOX MODULE F 
NT 
73110120C 
73110120C PRESSURISING & DUMP VALVE 
NT 
73140120C 
73140120C FUEL HEATER AIR SHUT-OFF VALV 
NT 
75310140C 
75310140C BLEED ACTUATING CYLINDER VALV 
NT 
753101500 
75310150C BLEED VALVE ACTUATOR 
NT 
753101600 
75310160C PRESSURE RATIO BLEED CONTROL 
NT 
75310180C 
75310180C BLEED CONTROL (UPPER & LWR) 
NT 
753101900 
753101900 3.5 BLEED VALVE 
NT 
75310210C 
75310210C DIRECTIONAL CONTROL BLEED VAL 
NT 
75310230C 
75310230C SURGE DETECTOR 
NT 
753102500 
75310250C BLEED CONTROL PS4 TUBE RESTRI 
NT 
76110110C 
761101100 CONDITION CONTROL MOTOR ACTUA 
NT 
76110120C 
76110120C STRUT AREA PUSH-PULL CABLE 
NT 
78310110C 
78310110C THRUST REVERSER AIR MOTOR 
NT 
78310120C 
78310120C BLOCKER VALVE 
NT 
783101500 
783101500 GEARBOX & BALLSCREW ASSY 
NT 
783101600 
783101600 FAN THRUST REVERSER ASSY 
NT 
78340120C 
783401200 THRUST REVERSER SEQUENCING AC 
NT 
8001 
NC WEIGHING 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759078 
13.11.2018 
80110110C 
801101100 PNEUMATIC STARTER 
NT 
80110120C 
80110120C STARTER SHUT-OFF VALVE 
NT 
FAA-00.05.30 
ENGINE THRUST CONTROL CABLE & PULLEY INS 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035769 
17.11.2016 
FAA-00.10.23 
LONGERON FITTINGS INSP 
A 
18.000 
3.000 
65.542 
8.703 
14.779 
1.337 
28.08.1999 
316751732 29.09.2028 
FAA-00.15.08-01 
REPEAT INSP IAW PARAS NB OF AD 
A 
2.000 
65.381 
8.630 
264 
25.11.1995 316751713 26.12.2018 
FAA-00.15.08-02 
REPEAT INSP IAW PARAS C OF AD 
A 
4.000 
20,000 
67.088 
9.446 
19,080 
10.03.2009 
316751714 
19.02.2190 
FAA-00.15.08-03 
REPEAT INSP IAW PARA G 
A 
7.000 
20,000 
9.634 
30.03.1979 
316751715 20.03.2104 
FAA-00.15.08-04 
REPEAT VISUAL INSP IAW PARA I OF AD 
A 
1.500 
20,000 
9.634 
30.03.1979 
316751716 20.03.2104 
FAA-00.15.08-05 
REPEAT HFEC INSP IAW PARA I OF AD 
A 
3.000 
20,000 
9.634 
30.03.1979 
316751717 20.03.2104 
FAA-00.24.07 
FAA-00-24-07 MAIN ENTRY DOOR 1 EDGE FR 
A 
FAA-01.04.11 
FAA-01-04-11 T1 DISC COOLING AIR HOLES 
A 
COMP 
FAA-01.14.18 
REPEAT INSP IAW PARA D PROCEDURE 1 OPTIO 
A 
1.500 
66.142 
9.000 
134 
18.012004 316751736 20.10.2017 
FAA-01.15.15 
ENGINE MOUNT INSP 
A 
1.400 
MT 
10,000 
180 
65.924 
8.887 
8.521 
01.07.2002 316751727 
27.06.2017 
FAA-01.17.25-01 
LG OUTER CYLINDER AFT TRUNNION INSP 
A 
MT 
68.763 
10.366 
-13 
14.10.2016 323744837 
15.04.2017 
FAA-01.17.25-02 
OVERHAUL THE WING LANDING 
A 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
2.389 
14.11.2013 316759084 
12.11.2023 
FAA-01.22-04 
REPEAT INSP IAW PARA D OF AD 
A 
3.000 
66.142 
9.000 
1.634 
17.012004 316751737 
13.06.2031 
FAA-03.10.06 
FAA-03-10-06 LOWER LOBE CARGO DOOR CUTO 
A 
FAA-03.11-01-01 
PRESSURE DECK DRAINAGE SYSTEM 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035772 
17.11.2016 
FAA-03.11.01-02 
INSPECT CANTED PRESSURE DECK 
A 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 319324008 
13.11.2016 
FAA-03.11.01-03 
PRESSURIZATION TEST OF THE CANTED PRESSU 
A 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759087 
13.11.2019 
FAA-03.17.06 
ZONE B REPEAT INSPECTION 
A 
17.000 
4.400 
66.142 
9.000 
14.379 
3.034 
15.04.2004 
316751729 07.03.2044 
FAA-03.20.16 
FAN THRUST REVERSER 
A 
3.000 
67.915 
9.905 
2.152 
14.11.2013 316759089 30.06.2027 
FAA-04.03.09 
REPEAT INSP IAW PARA B OF AD 
A 
25.000 
8.000 
66.142 
9.000 
22.379 
6.634 
05.05.2004 
316751746 04.12.2076 
FAA-05.01-03 
REPEAT INSP IAW PARA F 
A 
1.200 
68.395 
10.129 
963 
19.05.2015 316756138 05.05.2025 
EFTA00809941
--- PAGE 39 ---
FAA-0543.01-01 
REPETITIVE BASELINE INSP 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035776 
17.11.2016 
FAA-05.03.01-02 
REPETITIVE BASELINE INSP (36MTH) 
A 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 319324010 
13.11.2016 
FAA-05.03.01-03 
FAA-05-03-01.03 SUPPLEMENTAL REPEAT INS 
A 
FAA-05.03.01-04 
FAA-05-03-01.04 SUPPLEMENTAL REPEAT INS 
A 
FAA-05.03.01-05 
DIAGONALBRACE AND SPRING BEAM OVERHAUL 
A 
12.000 
65.381 
8.630 
10264 
01.08.1998 316751742 
12.12.2109 
FAA-05.03.01-06 
FUSE PINS AND SECONDARY PINS INSP 
A 
20.000 
9.634 
30.03.1979 316751743 20.03.2104 
FAA-05.05.07 
WEB BULKHEAD AT NACELLE STA 180 INSP 
A 
1.200 
68.720 
10.329 
1.163 
02.06.2016 316756141 01.03.2027 
FAA-05.08.01-01 
DETAIL INSP BETWEEN BS 420 AND 460 
A 
8.000 
65.393 
8.633 
21.04.2009 316751724 
FAA-05.08.01-02 
10000 FLIGHT LIMIT INSP 
A 
10.000 
67.915 
9.905 
14.11.2013 316756142 
FAA-05.08.01-03 
13000 FLIGHT LIMIT INSP 
A 
13O00 
2.634 
30.03.1979 
316751721 
17.07.2040 
FAA-05.08.01-04 
16000 FLIGHT LIMIT INSP 
A 
16.000 
5.634 
30.03.1979 
316751722 31.10.2067 
FAA-05.08.01-05 
19000 FLIGHT LIMIT INSP 
A 
3.000 
19.000 
8.634 
30.03.1979 316751723 
12.02.2095 
FAA-05.10.21 
REPEAT INSP IAW PARA J OF AD 
A 
3.000 
67.915 
9.905 
2.539 
14.11.2013 321034127 05.09.2039 
FAA-05.16.11-01 
WEB INSPECTION 
A 
1.200 
68.395 
10.129 
963 
19.05.2015 316756146 05.05.2025 
FAA-05.16.11-02 
INTERMEDIATE WEB BAY INSPECTION 
A 
350 
68.395 
10.129 
113 
19.05.2015 321035779 
11.08.2017 
FAA-05.16.11-03 
MAFtAGING OR H-11 STEEL BOLT INSP 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035780 
17.11.2016 
FAA-05.19.09-01 
BEARING CORROSION REMOVAL& RE-LUBRICATIO 
A 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759094 
13.11.2019 
FAA-05.19.09-02 
DUAL SIDE BRACE INSPECTION 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035782 
18.05.2017 
FAA-05.19.09-03 
UNDERWING MIDSPAR FITTING INSP 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035783 
18.05.2017 
FAA-05.22-06 
STA 488 FRAME WEB INSP 
A 
3.000 
16.000 
5.634 
30.03.1979 
316751747 31.10.2067 
FAA-06.09.01-01 
ENGINE MOUNT THRUST LINK 
A 
1.200 
MT 
67.129 
9.479 
02.07.2009 
316751696 
FAA-06.09.01-02 
#1 ENGINE MOUNT THRUST LINK 
A 
6.000 
67.113 
9.457 
5.091 
02.07.2009 316761710 22.11.2062 
FAA-06.09.01-02 
#2 ENGINE MOUNT THRUST LINK 
A 
6.000 
67.113 
9.457 
5.091 
02.07.2009 316761710 22.11.2062 
FAA-06.09.01-02 
#3 ENGINE MOUNT THRUST LINK 
A 
6.000 
67.113 
9.457 
5.091 
02.07.2009 316761710 22.11.2062 
FAA-06.09.01-02 
#4 ENGINE MOUNT THRUST LINK 
A 
6.000 
67.113 
9.457 
5.091 
02.07.2009 316761710 22.11.2062 
FAA-06.10.02-01 
HORIZONTAL STABILIZER TRIM DRIVE 
A 
MT 
68.763 
10.366 
169 
14.10.2016 323279578 
14.10.2017 
FAA-06.10.02-02 
HORIZONTAL STABILIZER TRIM DRIVE 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.480 
19.05.2015 321035785 
17.05.2021 
FAA-06.10.16-01 
ZONE C INSPECTION 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035786 
17.11.2016 
FAA-06.10.16-02 
ZONE A HFEC INSP 
A 
15.000 
2.700 
24.000 
13.634 
30.03.1979 
322628725 07.08.2140 
FAA-06.10.16-03 
ZONE B HFEC INSP 
A 
30.000 
6.000 
12.000 
2.400 
68.312 
10.088 
11.549 
2.122 
23.01.2015 322628722 20.11.2035 
FAA-06.20.02 
AREA 4 REPEAT INSP 
A 
3.000 
66.819 
9.301 
1.935 
24.10.2007 
316751730 09.03.2034 
FAA-06.22-09 
FUSELAGE SKIN LAP JOINTS INSP 
A 
3.000 
25.000 
14.634 
30.03.1979 
316751734 
11.09.2149 
FAA-06.24.02 
EXTERNAL HFEC OF FUSELAGE SKIN 
A 
2.000 
12.000 
1.634 
30.03.1979 
316751718 
13.06.2031 
FAA-06.24.05 
SURFACE HFEC INSP 
A 
2.000 
66.819 
9.301 
935 
24.10.2007 
316751733 01.02.2025 
FAA-07.01-09 
FAA-07-01-09 CREASE BEAM INSP 
A 
FAA-07.02-24 
FAA-07-02-24 STA 2360 AFT PRESSURE BULK 
A 
FAA-07.07-03-01 
TRIM AIR DIFFUSER DUCT VISUAL INSP 
A 
12.000 
66.718 
9.264 
9.955 
02.05.2007 
316751711 21.01.2067 
FAA-07.07.03-02 
LEAK CHECK 
A 
1.200 
67.915 
9.905 
352 
14.11.2013 321034125 
15.05.2018 
FAA-07.12.11 
GIRT BAR FITTINGS INSP 
A 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
929 
14.11.2013 316759101 
13.11.2019 
FAA-07.15.07 
FAA-07-15-07 FUSELAGE SKIN AT STRINGER 
A 
FAA-08.05.03-01 
INSP OF INBOARD & OUTBOARD STRUT REAR EN 
A 
350 
66.994 
9.408 
01.11.2008 316751708 
FAA-08.05.03-02 
INSP OF INBOARD & OUTBOARD STRUT REAR EN 
A 
1.200 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
963 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035789 
17.11.2016 
FAA-08.05.03-03 
INSP OF INBOARD & OUTBOARD STRUT REAR EN 
A 
1.200 
MT 
7.200 
67.115 
9.463 
6.297 
03.07.2009 
316751766 
10.11.2073 
FAA-08.14.08 
CARGO DOOR HINGE SEGMENTS INSP 
A 
6.000 
3.000 
66.968 
9.394 
2.028 
14.08.2008 322777139 
12.01.2035 
FAA-08.22.09-01 
RUDDER TAB HINGE LUBRICATION 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035790 
17.11.2016 
FAA-08.22.09-02 
FAA-08-22-09.02 RUDDER TAB CONTROL REPL 
A 
FAA-09.04.18 
FAA-09-04-18 ENGINE BORESCOPE 
A 
COMP 
FAA-09.09.08 
REPEAT INSP IAW PARA F OF AD 
A 
4.000 
67.111 
9.456 
3.090 
03.06.2009 
316751767 09.09.2044 
FAA-09.12.08 
FAA-09-12-08 REPEAT INSP IAW PARA G OF 
A 
FAA-09.18.07-01 
INSP IAW PARA H 
A 
3.000 
25.000 
14.634 
30.03.1979 
316751806 
11.09.2149 
FAA-09.18.07-02 
INSP LAW PARA J 
A 
3.000 
22.000 
11,634 
30.03.1979 
316751807 29.05.2122 
FAA-09.18.07-03 
INSP IAW PARA M 
A 
3.000 
22.000 
11,634 
30.03.1979 
316751808 29.05.2122 
FAA-09.25.11-01 
CARGO SIDE GUIDE SUPPORT BRACKETS FROM F 
A 
3.000 
10.000 
67.915 
9.905 
2.539 
14.11.2013 316756159 05.09.2039 
FAA-09.25.11-02 
FAA-09-25-11.02 LOWER LOBE FRAME INSPEC 
A 
FAA-10.01.10-01 
PART 1 - AFT SIDE INSPECTION 
A 
1.200 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
963 
•162 
19.05.2015 321035792 
17.11.2016 
FAA-10.01.10-02 
PART 2 - FORWARD SIDE INSPECTION 
A 
1.200 
MT 
67.584 
9.802 
31.05.2012 316759108 
FAA-10.05.03 
STRUCTURAL INSPECTION 
A 
6.000 
110.000 
25.000 
41.237 
14.634 
30.03.1979 
316751829 
11.09.2149 
FAA-10.10.05 
STRUCTURAL INSPECTION 
A 
3.000 
22.000 
11,634 
30.03.1979 
316751828 29.05.2122 
FAA-10.14.17 
REPEAT INSPECTION IAW FAA AD 2010.14-17 
A 
3.000 
1.500 
67.222 
9.615 
749 
16.08.2010 316751830 25.05.2023 
FAA-11.05.11-01 
ENGINE NO 1 STRUT INSPECTION 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035840 
17.11.2016 
FAA-11.05.11-01 
ENGINE NO 2 STRUT INSPECTION 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035840 
17.11.2016 
FAA-11.05.11-01 
ENGINE NO 3 STRUT INSPECTION 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035840 
17.11.2016 
FAA-11.05.11-01 
ENGINE NO 4 STRUT INSPECTION 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035840 
17.11.2016 
FAA-11.05.11-02 
ENGINE NO 4 STRUT INSPECTION 
A 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 319324046 
13.11.2016 
FAA-11.05.11-02 
ENGINE NO 3 STRUT INSPECTION 
A 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 319324046 
13.11.2016 
FAA-11.05.11-02 
ENGINE NO 2 STRUT INSPECTION 
A 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 319324046 
13.11.2016 
FAA-11.05.11-02 
ENGINE NO 1 STRUT INSPECTION 
A 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
-166 
14.11.2013 319324046 
13.11.2016 
FAA-11.06.03 
FAA-11-06-03 FUEL MOV ACTUATORS INSPECT 
A:F 
67.337 
9.682 
26.04.2011 317543027 
FAA-11.15.03 
FAA-11-15-03 FUEL PUMPS INSPECTION 
A 
15.000 
6.000 
67.414 
9.720 
4.651 
19.08.2011 318126059 01.03.2040 
FAA-12.04.15-01 
FAA-12-04-1541 FAN HUBS 
A 
NT 
FAA-12.04.15-02 
FAA-12-04-15.02 HPC STAGE 5.15 DISKS AN 
A 
NT 
FAA-12.04.15-03 
FAA-12-04-15.03 HPT STAGE 1.2 DISKS AND 
A 
NT 
FAA-12.04.15-04 
FAA-12-04-15.04 HPT STAGE 1 DISK WEB CO 
A 
NT 
FAA-12.04.15-05 
FAA-12-04-15.05 HPT STAGE 2 DISK WEB TI 
A 
NT 
FAA-12.04.15-06 
FAA-12-04-15.06 LPT STAGE 3.6 DISKS AND 
A 
NT 
FAA-12.13.09-01 
WINDSHIELD INSPECTION 
A 
COMP 12.000 
MT 
841 
497 
10.459 
-986 
28.08.2005 
16.08.2010 319518918 
12.08.2069 
EFTA00809942
--- PAGE 40 ---
FAA-12.13.09-01 
WINDSHIELD INSPECTION 
A 
COMP 12.000 
MT 
1.379 
769 
10.459 
-986 
07.12.2001 
16.08.2010 319518917 
12.08.2069 
FAA-12.13.09-02 
FAA-12-13-09.02 WINDSHIELD INSPECTION 
A 
COMP 
FAA-12.21-03-01 
ENGINE #1 FUEL SUCTION FEED OPERATIONAL 
A 
30.000 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
29.632 
1.477 
19.05.2015 319930755 
14.05.2021 
FAA-12.21.03-02 
ENGINE #2 FUEL SUCTION FEED OPERATIONAL 
A 
30.000 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
29.632 
1.477 
19.05.2015 319931069 
14.05.2021 
FAA-12.21.03-03 
ENGINE #3 FUEL SUCTION FEED OPERATIONAL 
A 
30.000 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
29.632 
1.477 
19.05.2015 319930754 
14.05.2021 
FAA-12.21.03-04 
ENGINE #4 FUEL SUCTION FEED OPERATIONAL 
A 
30.000 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
29.632 
1.477 
19.05.2015 319931070 
14.05.2021 
FAA-2008-17-17 
FAA-2008.17.17 SECTION 41 EXTERNAL DOUB 
A 
FAA-2010.14-07 
WAHO REPEAT INSP IAW PARA G 
A 
3.000 
67.111 
9.456 
2.090 
05.05.2009 
316751831 06.08.2035 
FAA-2010.14-07 
WAHO REPEAT INSP IAW PARA I 
A 
1.500 
68.395 
10.129 
1.263 
19.05.2015 316756163 27.01.2028 
FAA-2010-14-07 
WAHO REPEAT INSP IAW PARA K 
A 
3.000 
67.915 
9.905 
2.539 
14.11.2013 321034126 05.09.2039 
FAA-2010-14-07 
WAHO FAA-2010.14-07 WAH04 POST MODIFICATION I 
A 
FAA-2010-14-07 
WAHO REPEAT INSP IAW PARA S 
A 
1.500 
1.500 
67.222 
9.615 
749 
05.08.2010 316751833 25.05.2023 
FAA-2010-14-07 
WAHO POST-INTERIM MOD INSP IAW PARA T 
A 
1.500 
12.000 
1.634 
30.03.1979 
316751834 
13.06.2031 
FAA-2010-14-07 
WAHO FAA-2010.14-07 WAH07 POST-INTERIM MOD IN 
A 
FAA-2010-26-07 
WAHO FAA-2010.26-07 WAH01 REPEAT INSPECTION I 
A 
3.000 
20.000 
9.634 
30.03.1979 
317047721 20.03.2104 
FAA-2010-26-07 
WAHO REPEAT INSP IAW FAA AD 2010.26.07 PARA L 
A 
1.500 
1.500 
67.915 
9.905 
1.039 
14.11.2013 317083266 
13.01.2026 
FAA-2012-07-07 
FWD AND AFT LWR LOBE CARGO DOORS LATCH 
A 
1.600 
1.000 
67.579 
9.797 
431 
15.05.2012 319252823 03.07.2020 
FAA-2012-10-03 
FAA-2012.10-03 BS400 TO 520 LAP SPLICE 
A 
3.000 
13.000 
2.634 
30.03.1979 
319363467 
17.07.2040 
FAA-2012-20-03 
WING LANDING GEAR BEAM 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
-165 
19.05.2015 321035848 
14.11.2016 
FAA-2012-22-03 
FUSELAGE - NOSE SECTION INSPECTION 
A 
6.000 
1.500 
67.065 
9.436 
570 
12.02.2009 
320077816 08.10.2021 
FAA-2013-01-02 
CONTROL SWITCHES REPLACEMENT 
A 
MT 
68.763 
10.366 
1.990 
14.10.2016 320195391 09.10.2022 
FAA-2013-13-05 
FAA-2013.1305 SKIN PANEL CHEM-MILLED P 
A 
FAA-2013-16-24 
FUSELAGE LAP JOINT INSP 
A 
3.000 
10.000 
67.915 
9.905 
2.539 
24.06.2013 320829421 05.09.2039 
FAA-2013-23-15 
FAA-2013.23.15 SECTION 42 FUSELAGE EXTE 
A 
6.000 
22.000 
11,634 
30.03.1979 321093853 29.05.2122 
FAA-2013-24-11 
WAHO FAA-2013.24.11 WAH01 EXT SURFACE HFEC IN 
A 
2.000 
11.301 
935 
30.03.1979 
321181328 01.02.2025 
FAA-2013-24-11 
WAHO FAA-2013.24.11 WAH02 EXT SURFACE HFEC IN 
A 
2.000 
11,927 
1.561 
30.03.1979 
321181335 
13.10.2030 
FAA-2013-24-11 
WAHO FAA-2013.24.11 WAH03 DISBONDED DOUBLER I 
A 
6.000 
15.927 
5.561 
30.03.1979 321181339 02.03.2067 
FAA-2013-26-12 
VERTICAL STABILIZER SEAL SKIN INSP 
A 
3.000 
2.000 
68.009 
9.943 
1.230 
10.02.2014 
321220334 
27.10.2022 
FAA-2014-14-03 
WAHOHFEC INSPECTION - TAIL SECTION UPPER ARE 
A 
1.500 
68.395 
10.129 
1.263 
19.05.2015 322223180 27.01.2028 
FAA-2014-14-03 
WAHO FAA-2014.14-03 WAH02 HFEC INSPECTION - T 
A 
3.000 
65.671 
8.756 
1.390 
22.05.2000 321807790 24.03.2029 
FAA-2014-22-11 
WAHO FAA-2014.22-11 WAH01 DVI & HFEC OF TENSI 
A 
4.000 
20.000 
9.634 
30.03.1979 322253653 20.03.2104 
FAA-2014-22-11 
WAHO FAA-2014.22-11 WAH02 POST MODIFICATION I 
A 
4.000 
20.000 
9.634 
30.03.1979 322253667 20.03.2104 
FAA-2015-03-04 
FAA-2015.03-04 LWR FWD CORNER OF MAINE 
A 
6.000 
12.000 
1.634 
30.03.1979 322529828 
13.06.2031 
FAA-2015-23-11 
WAHO FAA-2015.23.11 WAH01 Lap Joint inspectb 
A 
FAA-2015-23-11 
WAHO FAA-2015.23.11 WAH02 Lap Joint inspectb 
A 
FAA-2016-06-07 
WAHO AREA 1 & 2 EXTERNAL DETAIL INSP 
A 
1.000 
1.000 
68.624 
10.296 
930 
22.03.2016 323804774 
16.01.2025 
FAA-2016-06-07 
WAHO FAA-2016.0607 WAH02 AREA 1& 2 UT INSP 
A 
500 
20.000 
9.634 
30.03.1979 
323804791 20.03.2104 
FAA-2016-06-07 
WAHO FAA-2016.06.07 WAH03 AREA 3 HFEC INSP 
A 
1.500 
16.000 
5.634 
30.03.1979 323804793 31.10.2067 
FAA-2016-06-07 
WAHO FAA-2016.06.07 WAH04 HFEC inspection OF 
A 
FAA-2016-07-03 
FAA-2016.07.03 FUSELAGE FLOORS UPPER DE 
A 
FAA-2016-16-10 
FAA-2016.16.10 STA 320 CROWN FRAME AND 
A 
FAA-74.08.09 
FAA-74-08-09 TOILET WASTE BIN INSPECTIO 
A 
NT 
FAA-76.24.03 
FAA-76.24-03 ENG FAN BLADES INSPECTION 
A 
NT 
FAA-78.08.13 
FAA-78.08-13 MAIN AND ANGLE GEARBOX MAG 
A 
NT 
FAA-78.17.08 
FAA-78.17-08 15TH STAGE COMPRESSOR DISC 
A 
COMP 
FAA-83.11-02-01 
FLOOR BEAMS AT LBL 33.92. 57350 & 75.92 
A 
125 
68.605 
10.289 
04.03.2016 322789897 
14.08.2016 
FAA-83.11-02-02 
FLOOR BEAM AND WEB INSPECTION 
A 
375 
67.915 
9.905 
-86 
14.11.2013 316756167 20.10.2015 
FAA-83.11-02-03 
FLOOR BEAMS AT LBL 11.33. 33.92. 57.50. 
A 
1.000 
67.915 
9.905 
539 
14.11.2013 316756168 27.06.2021 
FAA-86.16.05 
REAR PRESS BULKHEAD 
A 
YT 
67.223 
9.616 
189 
05.11.2010 316751324 
03.11.2017 
FAA-87.04.07 
ESCAPE SYSTEM OPERATIONAL CHECK 
A 
MT 
68.605 
10.289 
493 
04.03.2016 321035797 03.09.2018 
FAA-88.24.05 
FAA-88-24-05 T6 AIRSEAL INSP AND MODIFI 
A 
COMP 
FAA-90.06.14-01 
NOSE WHEEL WELL VERTICAL BEAM WEBS AREA 
A 
1.500 
4.000 
67.915 
9.905 
1.039 
14.11.2013 316756169 
13.01.2026 
FAA-90.06.14-02 
NOSE WHEEL WELL VERTICAL BEAM WEBS AREA 
A 
3.000 
10.000 
67.915 
9.905 
2.539 
14.11.2013 316756170 05.09.2039 
FAA-90.06.14-03 
NLG WELL TOP PANEL AND INTERCOSTALS AREA 
A 
1.500 
10.000 
67.915 
9.905 
1.039 
14.11.2013 316756171 
13.01.2026 
FAA-90.25.10-01 
INBOARD ELEVATOR PCP ROD 
A 
MT 
68.605 
10.289 
04.03.2016 322302211 03.06.2017 
FAA-90.25.10-02 
INBOARD ELEVATOR PCP ROD 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
203 
19.05.2015 321035803 
17.11.2017 
FAA-90.25.10-03 
FAA-90-25-10.03 VBD ELEVATOR CONTROL R 
A 
NT 
FAA-90.25.10-04 
FAA-90-25-10.04 LSD ELEVATOR CONTROL R 
A 
NT 
FAA-90.25.10-05 
tIBD ELEVATOR QUADRANT 
A 
MT 
68.605 
10.289 
04.03.2016 322302212 03.06.2017 
FAA-90.25.10-06 
tIBD ELEVATOR QUADRANT 
A 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
203 
19.05.2015 321035805 
17.11.2017 
FAA-92.08.02 
851241 BULKHEAD FORGING EDDY CURRENT INS 
A 
3.000 
10.000 
67.915 
9.905 
2.539 
14.11.2013 316756174 
05.09.2039 
FAA-92.27.04 
HORIZONTAL STAB HINGE PIN CORROSION 
A 
28.000 
YT 
66.819 
9.301 
26.056 
-1.649 
24.10.2007 
316751679 
10.09.2148 
FAA-93.19.02 
#1 ENGINE DIFFUSER CASE RAIL 
A 
COMP 
500 
55.426 
8.485 
342 
18.05.2015 
09.10.2015 317783155 
11.09.2019 
FAA-93.19.02 
#3 ENGINE DIFFUSER CASE RAIL 
A 
COMP 
350 
75.480 
16.946 
113 
01.10.2012 
19.05.2015 321035864 
11.08.2017 
FAA-93.19.02 
#4 ENGINE DIFFUSER CASE RAIL 
A 
COMP 
500 
58.107 
8.925 
263 
01.06.2011 
19.05.2015 317783164 
23.12.2018 
FAA-93.19.02 
#2 ENGINE DIFFUSER CASE RAIL 
A 
COMP 
500 
61.569 
14.901 
04.04.2014 
14.09.2012 318454834 
03.06.2017 
FAA-94.12-04 
FUSELAGE SKIN LAP JOINT BODY SECTION 41. 
A 
3.000 
22.000 
11,634 
30.03.1979 
316751665 29.05.2122 
FAA-94.15.16-01 
FAA-94-15-16.01 FUEL PUMP 
A 
COMP 
FAA-94.15.16-02 
FAA-94-15-16.02 FUEL CONTROL UNIT 
A 
COMP 
FAA-94.15.16-03 
FAA-94-15-16.03 ENG VANE CONTROL 
A 
COMP 
FAA-95.12-26 
FSS 628 AND FSS 636 WEB INSP 
A 
1.000 
67.115 
9.463 
02.07.2009 316751672 
FAA-95-20.05 
FAA-95.20-05 INBD PYLON FWD LOWER DIAGO 
A 
FAA-97.03.17 
FUEL BOOST & OVERRIDE/JETTISON PUMPS - I 
A 
5.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
4.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321035807 
17.11.2016 
FAA-98.07.15 
FAA-98.07-15 PARA B OF AD 
A 
FAA-98.26.23 
REAR SPAR WEB INSP 
A 
YT 
68.395 
10.129 
19.05.2015 321035808 
18.05.2017 
FAA-99-07.03 
FAA-99.07-03 EDGE FRAME WEB1 DOUBLER OF 
A 
EFTA00809943
--- PAGE 41 ---
FAA-99.08.10 
LEAK TEST AND VISUAL INSPECTION 
A 
250 
68.605 
10.289 
04.03.2016 322789902 
18.01.2017 
FAA-99.15.02 
#1 ENGINE COMBUSTION CHAMBER CASE 
A 
COMP 
500 
55.426 
8.485 
342 
18.05.2015 
09.10.2015 317765115 
11.09.2019 
FAA-99.15.02 
#2 ENGINE COMBUSTION CHAMBER CASE 
A 
COMP 
500 
61.891 
15.072 
263 
04.04.2014 
19.05.2015 318454835 23.12.2018 
FAA-99.15.02 
FAA-99.15-02 COMBUSTION CHAMBER OUTER C 
A 
COMP 
FAA-99.15.02 
FAA-99.15-02 COMBUSTION CHAMBER OUTER C 
A 
COMP 
FAA-99.15.02 
FAA-99.15-02 COMBUSTION CHAMBER OUTER C 
A 
COMP 
FAA-99.15.02 
FAA-99.15-02 COMBUSTION CHAMBER OUTER C 
A 
COMP 
FAA-99.15.02 
#4 ENGINE COMBUSTION CHAMBER CASE 
A 
COMP 
2.000 
56.045 
7.989 
827 
01.06.2011 
317764405 09.02.2024 
FAA87.08-09 
FAA87-08.09 TYRE PRESSURE 
A 
NT 
SB2I -2399 
RAM AIR DUCT INSP 
2.000 
MT 
68.763 
10.366 
2.000 
392 
23.11.2016 322789903 25.05.2018 
SB23A2482 
INTERPHONE POWER SUPPLY DIODE TEST 
2.000 
MT 
68.763 
10.366 
2.000 
392 
23.11.2016 322789904 
25.05.2018 
SB53.2243 
WING GEAR DOOR ACTUATION LINKAGE INSP 
1.000 
67.915 
9.905 
539 
14.11.2013 316756177 27.06.2021 
SB53.2298 
BODY LANDING GEAR RETRACT ACTUATOR SUPPO 
1.000 
67.915 
9.905 
539 
14.11.2013 316756179 27.06.2021 
SB53A2245 
KEEL BEAM BOX INSP 
1.000 
67.915 
9.905 
539 
14.11.2013 316756180 27.06.2021 
5655.2045 
STABILIZER CENTER SECTION INSP 
3.000 
66.142 
9.000 
1.634 
10.03.2004 
316751752 
13.06.2031 
SB57-2297 
FRONT SPAR CENTER SECTION WEB INS & REP 
2.700 
12.000 
1.634 
30.03.1979 316751649 
13.06.2031 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
-211 
17.02.2016 
01.10.2006 316747264 
28.09.2016 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
800 
17.02.2016 
08.07.2009 
316747274 
06.07.2019 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
800 
17.02.2016 
08.07.2009 316747272 06.07.2019 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
800 
17.02.2016 
08.07.2009 316747273 06.07.2019 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
800 
12.11.2009 
08.07.2009 
316747171 06.07.2019 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
855 
16.03.2010 
01.09.2009 
316747271 30.08.2019 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
855 
17.02.2016 
01.09.2009 316747270 30.08.2019 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
932 
17.02.2016 
17.11.2009 316747269 
15.11.2019 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
1.005 
17.02.2016 
29.01.2010 316747268 27.01.2020 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
1.212 
08.03.2011 
24.08.2010 317198901 21.08.2020 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
1.212 
17.02.2016 
24.08.2010 317199613 21.08.2020 
W351000C 
DRAGER BREATHING UNIT SCRAP 
COMP 
3.650 
DT 
3.132 
16.02.2016 
26.11.2015 323697703 23.11.2025 
WW250000C 
RESUSCITATOR MASK SCRAP 
COMP 
YT 
503 
246 
1.139 
21.05.2015 
11.06.2015 320437535 09.06.2020 
WW2500101 
SPECTRUM AEROMED INC LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
WW25650501 
PORTABLE ELT BATTERY 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
WW25650502 
PORTABLE ELT BATTERY 
COMP 
YT 
739 
02.12.2014 
07.05.2014 
323201870 06.05.2019 
WW25650502 
PORTABLE ELT BATTERY 
COMP 
YT 
739 
02.12.2014 
07.05.2014 
323201874 
06.05.2019 
WW25650502 
PORTABLE ELT BATTERY 
COMP 
YT 
947 
07.10.2015 
01.12.2014 
323278206 30.11.2019 
WW25659001 
FIXED ELT 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
WW25659002 
FIXED ELT BATTERY 
COMP 
YT 
947 
07.10.2015 
01.12.2014 
323278206 30.11.2019 
WW25659002 
FIXED ELT BATTERY 
COMP 
YT 
739 
02.12.2014 
07.05.2014 
323201870 06.05.2019 
WW25659002 
FIXED ELT BATTERY 
COMP 
YT 
739 
02.12.2014 
07.05.2014 
323201874 
06.05.2019 
WW270001 
ALTERNATE LEADING EDGE FLAP DRIVE OPC 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW275218 
TIE FLAP FAILURE PROTECTION SWITCH 
18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316759124 
12.11.2022 
WW2800101 
#1 STRUT FUEL FEED LINE COUPLING 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759125 
13.11.2018 
WW2800101 
#2 STRUT FUEL FEED LINE COUPLING 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759125 
13.11.2018 
WW2800101 
#3 STRUT FUEL FEED LINE COUPLING 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759125 
13.11.2018 
WW2800101 
#4 STRUT FUEL FEED LINE COUPLING 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
564 
14.11.2013 316759125 
13.11.2018 
WW2800201 
HARNESS BONDING CHECK 
18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316759126 
12.11.2022 
WW2800202 
SEPERATION INSP (DRYSIDE HARNESS) 
18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316759127 
12.11.2022 
WW2800203 
HARNESS SHIELD GROUNDING CHECK (NEAR FOP 
18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316759128 
12.11.2022 
WW2800204 
FAN OPERATIONAL CHECK 
18.000 
YT 
67.915 
9.905 
17.152 
2.024 
14.11.2013 316759129 
12.11.2022 
WW29110501 
NO 1 ENG - HYDRAULIC EDP DRIVE SHAFT 
E 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
WW29110502 
NO 2 ENG - HYDRAULIC EDP DRIVE SHAFT 
E 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
WW29110503 
NO 3 ENG - HYDRAULIC EDP DRIVE SHAFT 
E 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
WW29110504 
NO 4 ENG - HYDRAULIC EDP DRIVE SHAFT 
E 
2C 
4.000 
MT 
67.915 
9.905 
1.632 
-162 
14.11.2013 319322579 
17.11.2016 
WW321100 
WLG L/H SIDE STRUT INSPECTION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW335100 
WW335100 EMERGENCY LIGHTS 
WW3400101 
IRS BATTERY CAPACITY TEST 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
WW3400102 
INTERTIAL REFERENCE SYSTEM 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
WW3411011 
PITOT STATIC PROBES 
COMP 
VI 
-73 
12.02.2013 
01.01.1900 316756661 
13.02.2017 
WW3411011 
PITOT STATIC PROBES 
COMP 
VI 
-73 
12.02.2013 
01.01.1900 316756660 
13.02.2017 
WW3411011 
PITOT STATIC PROBES 
COMP 
VI 
-73 
12.02.2013 
01.06.2012 320143981 
13.02.2017 
WW3411011 
PITOT STATIC PROBES 
COMP 
VI 
•73 
12.02.2013 
01.11.2012 320143999 
13.02.2017 
WW3800101 
POTABLE HOT & BIDET WARM WATER TANK 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW3800102 
POTABLE WATER SYSTEM DISINFECTION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW5100001 
WW5100001 AIR CONDITIONING BAY REPAIR I 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 
17.11.2016 
WW510006 
WW510006 RH INB TE FLAP- MID SPAR LOWE 
L 
1.000 
YT 
1.000 
67.915 
9.905 
539 
-195 
16.10.2013 322749938 
15.10.2016 
WW531200 
Frame Repair at STA 240. STGR 32.34 RH 
L 
3.000 
3.000 
67.221 
9.614 
2.248 
11.07.2010 319556074 
11.01.2037 
WW5313001 
WW5313001 STABILIZER TORSION BOX REPAIR 
1.500 
11,629 
1.263 
30.03.1979 
322863428 27.01.2028 
WW532200 
WW532200 RH WLG WHEELWELL CRACK INSPECT 
3.000 
67.915 
9.905 
2.539 
23.10.2013 320966494 
05.09.2039 
WW532201 
WW532201 RH WLG WHEELWELL CRACKS INSPEC 
3.000 
67.915 
9.905 
2.539 
23.10.2013 320966498 05.09.2039 
WW5328611 
FUS LWR LOBE SKIN INSPECTION AREA 28 
A 
3.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
2.763 
19.05.2015 322788660 
18.05.2017 
WW5328612 
FUS LWR LOBE SKIN INSPECTION AREA 2A AND 
A 
6.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
5.763 
750 
19.05.2015 322788661 
18.05.2019 
WW5328613 
FUS LWR LOBE SKIN INSPECTION AREA 2C 
A 
1.500 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.263 
19.05.2015 322788662 
18.05.2017 
WW535100 
RH WING TO BODY FAIRING SEAL INSPECTION 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
WW572200 
LH WING REAR SPAR INSPECTION 
1C 
2.000 
MT 
68.395 
10.129 
1.632 
-162 
19.05.2015 321034240 
17.11.2016 
WW5739011 
PERFORM INT & EXT INSPECTIONS (1) & (2) 
L 
32.000 
8.000 
32.000 
8.000 
67.286 
9.656 
30.523 
7.290 
07.02.2011 317130711 22.11.2082 
WW5739012 
PERFORM EXT DVI OF THE REWORKED AREAS 
L 
5.000 
1.000 
5.000 
1.000 
67.286 
9.656 
3.523 
290 
07.02.2011 317130780 22.03.2019 
WW5739013 
PERFORM EXT DVI OF THE REPAIR AREAS 
L 
5.000 
1.000 
5.000 
1.000 
67.286 
9.656 
3.523 
290 
07.02.2011 317131042 22.03.2019 
EFTA00809944
--- PAGE 42 ---
WW711001 
#1 ENGINE -POLISHING 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
WW711002 
#2 ENGINE -POLISHING 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
WW711003 
#3 ENGINE -POLISHING 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
WW711004 
#4 ENGINE - POLISHING 
1A 
DT 
68.763 
10.366 
24.03.2017 324106112 23.05.2017 
WW725302 
WW725302 ENG #4 TURBINE EXHAUST CASE CR 
200 
200 
68.605 
10.289 
29.02.2016 323736533 
18.10.2016 
WW731401 
ENGINE FUEL HEATER INSP 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW732103 
FUEL CONTROL REGULATED PRESSURE FILTER 
NT 
360 
DT 
68.469 
10.208 
-207 
09.10.2015 322302010 03.10.2016 
WW77005016 
#1 ENGINE EPR DRAIN HOLE INSPECTION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW77005017 
#2 ENGINE EPR DRAIN HOLE INSPECTION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW77005018 
#3 ENGINE EPR DRAIN HOLE INSPECTION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW77005019 
#4 ENGINE EPR DRAIN HOLE INSPECTION 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW79210401 
#1 ENG MAIN BEARING BREATHER TUBE INSPEC 
E 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW79210402 
#2 ENG MAIN BEARING BREATHER TUBE INSPEC 
E 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW79210403 
#3 ENG MAIN BEARING BREATHER TUBE INSPEC 
E 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WW79210404 
#4 ENG MAIN BEARING BREATHER TUBE INSPEC 
E 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
WWTW 
COSMETIC WASH 
2A 
120 
DT 
68.605 
10.289 
-300 
04.03.2016 323279273 02.07.2016 
EFTA00809945

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809946.pdf
----------------------------------------
BcA-A4-
BERMUDA 
::nATiox 
Certificate No: 3090 
CERTIFICATE OF REGISTRATION OF AIRCRAFT 
Nationality and Registration Mark: 
VP-BAT 
Aircraft Manufacturer's Serial Numbei:1 21648 
Manufacturer: 
THE BOEING COMPANY 
Designation of Aircraft: 
B747SP-21 
Name of Registered Owner: 
CSDS AIRCRAFT SALES & LEASING LLC, NEVIS 
Address of Registered Owner: 
HAWKINS WATERFRONT PLAZA 
MAIN STREET, PO BOX 556 
CHARLESTOWN, NEVIS 
WEST INDIES 
Is hereby certified that the above described aircraft haS been duly entered on the register of the Terri 
•ce with the Convention on 
International Civil Aviation dated 7" December, 1944, and with the Air Navigation (Overseas Territories) • der4f
ils 
Date of Issue: 17 May 2018 
NOTES: 
a) 
No entries or endorsements may be made in this Certificate except in the manner and by the Ic 
nst 
dOr -e purpose. 
b) 
The person in whose name an aircraft is registered may or may not be its legal owner. Prospectiv.! 
yearned, therefore, that this 
Certlf•cate of Registration is not proof of ownership. 
c) 
This certificate may be invalidated during any period exceeding 28 days in which the holder is In default of payment of any charges payable in 
respect thereof. 
by 
Christopher 
f 
GP 
uthirity 
Goverrfo 
f Bermuda 
Pearce, on behalf.of D ectOr General 
EFTA00809946

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809947.pdf
----------------------------------------
Appendix 
Brainstem 
Vertebral Artery 
Brain 
Brainstem 
CN V, VII, IX, X, 
and XI 
Cranial nerves 
a 
U O O C 
O 
Spinal cord 
ci
The brainstem extends from the brain; it lies on the underside of the brain and is the 
beginning of the spinal cord. Cranial nerves, except for cranial nerves I (olfactory) 
and II (optic), originate in the brainstem. The vertebral artery supplies blood to the 
brainstem and the five cranial nerves. 
219 
EFTA00809947
--- PAGE 2 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Ventral vagus 
The two divisions of the vagus nerve each go to the heart, the lungs, and the airways. 
In addition to this, the ventral vagus branch extends to the muscles of the throat 
(larynx and pharynx), and it relates to movements of the face. In the drawing, the 
red represents the heart, and the blue represents the lungs and the two tubes—the 
bronchial on the left and the esophagus on the right. 
220 
EFTA00809948
--- PAGE 3 ---
Appendix 
Dorsal vagus 
In addition to reaching the heart and lungs, the dorsal vagus nerve branch goes to 
the subdiaphragmatic organs of digestion (except for the descending colon). It goes 
to the stomach, liver, pancreas, spleen, ascending colon, and transverse colon. In the 
drawing, blue stands for the lungs, red for the heart, green for the stomach, brown for 
the liver, grey-green for the pancreas, darker blue for the ascending and transverse 
parts of the large intestine, yellow for the spleen, and grey for the small intestine. 
221 
EFTA00809949
--- PAGE 4 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
CN XI 
These illustrations show the different branches of CN Xl.The drawing on the left shows 
branches which originate in the spinal cord at the level of the cervical vertebrae and 
go directly to the trapezius and the sternocleidomastoid muscles. The middle draw-
ing shows branches that originate in the spinal cord at the level of the cervical verte-
brae and go up into the skull and then exit the skull through the jugular foramen and 
go to the two muscles. In the drawing on the right, the branch originates in the brain 
stem, exits the skull through the jugular foramen, and then goes to the two muscles. 
All of these nerves going to different bundles of muscle fibers allow flexibility and 
precision in the movement of the neck. 
222 
EFTA00809950
--- PAGE 5 ---
Appendix 
Uvula 1 
Uvula 2 
Uvula 3 
To test the pharyngeal branch of the ventral vagus nerve branch: The levasar veil 
palaiini muscle should pull the soft palate up when we say "ah, ah, ah" in a percussive 
manner.The uvula should go up symmetrically, as in-Uvula 2' If it goes up to one side 
but not the other, as in"Uvula 3; then there is a dysfunction of the pharyngeal branch 
of the ventral vagus on the side that doesn't rise equally. 
223 
EFTA00809951
--- PAGE 6 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Central nervous system 
In this illustration you can see a representation of the central nervous system, showing 
the brain, the brainstem (a narrowing of the lower part of the brain, which continues 
down into the body as the spinal cord), and one of the five cranial nerves that has its 
origin in the brain stem. 
All of the twelve cranial nerves originate on the inferior (bottom) surface of the 
brain or from the brainstem. We are especially interested in CN V, VII, IX, X, and XI. 
All five of these nerves need to function properly if we are to be socially engaged. 
In order to function properly, these cranial nerves need an adequate blood supply. 
Rotation of the atlas, axis, or other cervical vertebrae can reduce the blood supply to 
the brainstem, resulting in dysfunction in these cranial nerves. 
The eleventh cranial nerve (CN XI), one of the five nerves necessary for social 
engagement, also innervates the trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles. 
224 
EFTA00809952
--- PAGE 7 ---
Appendix 
Trapezius 
The trapezius muscle has three parts: the upper (in the illustration, dark red), middle 
(red), and lower (purple). 
225 
EFTA00809953
--- PAGE 8 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Baby on stomach 
When a baby is lying on its stomach, one of the first movements it makes is to lift its 
head.To do this, it tenses all three parts of its trapezius muscle. Tightening the fibers of 
its upper trapezius tips its head back and up. Tightening its middle trapezius pulls its 
shoulder blades together and stabilizes its arms so that they can support the weight of 
its body. Tightening the lower trapezius allows it to arch the entire length of the spine. 
In the photo, you can see that the head is lifted up and tipped back. The shoulder 
blades are pulled together in the back. The entire length of the spine is arched in a 
bow. Then, when, the baby has lifted its head, it adds the sternocleidomastoid muscles' 
activity to rotate its head. The combined action of the trapezius and the sternoclei-
domastoid muscles allows it to move its head and focus its senses of sight, smell, and 
hearing on objects of interest anywhere in front of it. 
226 
EFTA00809954
--- PAGE 9 ---
Appendix 
Baby on all fours 
When the baby comes up on its hands and feet to crawl, the three parts of the upper, 
middle, and lower trapezius muscles continue to tighten in the same way as when it 
lay on its stomach and lifted its head. 
However, this relationship changes drastically when the baby stands up on its 
legs. The upper trapezius no longer tips its head up and back as it did when the baby 
crawled on all fours. 
227 
EFTA00809955
--- PAGE 10 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Baby standing 
If the relationship between the head and the body were the same as when crawling 
on all fours, the head would be rotated ninety degrees, with the face looking straight 
up towards the sky. However, when standing, the head rotates to face forward. There-
fore, the upper trapezius has much less tension in a standing position compared with 
lying on the stomach or crawling on all fours. A forward head posture comes from an 
upper trapezius that is not too tight but too flaccid. As years pass, the upper trapezius 
becomes even more and more slack, and the head slides increasingly forward on C1. 
The Twist and Turn trapezius exercise in Part Two of this book helps to bring the 
head back into better alignment because it stimulates all three parts of the muscle. 
228 
EFTA00809956
--- PAGE 11 ---
Appendix 
Levator scapula 
Supra spinatus 
Supraspinatus 
The supraspinatus muscle runs along the top of the shoulder blade. 
229 
EFTA00809957
--- PAGE 12 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Sternocleidomastoid 
Here you can see a drawing of the sternocleidomastoid muscle.The stemocleidomas-
toid muscles, one on either side, allow us to turn our head to the right or left. Working 
together, the trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles allow us to move our head 
precisely, to position our eyes, ears, and nostrils to get important information from 
our environment. 
230 
EFTA00809958
--- PAGE 13 ---
Appendix 
Headache 1 
Headache 3 
Headache 2 
Headache 4 
Based on years of experience in my private clinic, and contrary to widely accepted 
medical practice, I believe that dysfunction of CN XI, which innervates the trapezius 
and SCM muscles, is involved in migraine headaches. 
Migraine headaches are tension headaches, and there are four kinds, each caused 
by a different pattern of tension in either the stemocleidomastoid or trapezius mus-
cles. If you are having a migraine, look at the four drawings and see if you recognize 
which pattern of pain (in red) has been plaguing you. 
Because these pans of the muscles are innervated by CN XI, the first step in treat-
ment of migraines is to establish proper function of CN XI using the Basic Exercise 
(see Part Two). Then find the appropriate trigger points (TP), each marked by an X, 
and massage these for a few minutes until you feel relief. 
231 
EFTA00809959
--- PAGE 14 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Acupuncture points 
Massage of acupuncture points for the Natural Facelift for CN Vand CN VII: U 20 (the 
acupuncture point Large Intestine 20), to the side of the top of the nostril on each 
side), and B2 (at the inside of the eyebrow). 
232 
EFTA00809960
--- PAGE 15 ---
Stomach 1 
Appendix 
Stomach 2 
Normally, the stomach should be down in the abdomen, well below the respiratory 
diaphragm. The esophagus is a muscular tube running from the pharynx (back of 
the throat) into the stomach, passing through an opening (hiatus) in the respiratory 
diaphragm and into the stomach. When we swallow, the esophagus carries food from 
the throat to the stomach. 
'Stomach 2" shows a hiatal hernia. The upper third of the esophagus is inner-
vated by the ventral vagus nerve. If there is ventral vagus dysfunction, the esophagus 
shortens, pulling the stomach up against the bottom of the diaphragm and creating 
a hiatal hernia. Part of the stomach may even be pulled up into the thoracic cavity. 
This disturbs the proper function of the diaphragm, which cannot descend as it should 
on the inbreath. 
I have found a dorsal vagal state together with a hiatal hernia in almost everyone 
who has come to my clinic with a diagnosis of COPD. 
233 
EFTA00809961
--- PAGE 16 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Suboccipital muscles 
The four pairs of suboccipital muscles are located below the occipital bone at the 
base of the skull.The suboccipital triangle is a region of the neck bounded by three of 
these muscle pairs: the rectus capitis posterior major (above and medial); the obliquus 
capitis superior (above and lateral); and the obliquus capitis inferior (below and lateral). 
Whereas the trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles are responsible for the 
gross movements of the head on the neck, the suboccipital muscles allow for finer 
control of these movements. 
234 
EFTA00809962
--- PAGE 17 ---
Appendix 
Vertebral arteries 
Atlas 
Suboccipal muscles 
with vertebra 
Axis and atlas 
The suboccipital muscles play a critical role in stabilizing the head on the neck by 
stabilizing the cranium on the atlas (the top neck vertebra, or CI) and the atlas on 
the axis (the second vertebra, C2). 
Tensions in the muscles of the suboccipital triangle can pull the occiput, Cl, and 
C2 away from their optimal position in relationship to each other. Tightening and 
imbalance of the suboccipital muscles can also put pressure on the nerves and blood 
vessels in the suboccipital triangle. 
The vertebral artery (red) passes between the suboccipital muscles on its way to 
the brainstem, so tension in these muscles can also reduce blood flow to the brain-
stem. 
235 
EFTA00809963
--- PAGE 18 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Image is still the same size. 
This is the printable size, as of 
the latist sent version. 
Suboccipital nerve 
The suboccipital muscles are innervated by the suboccipital nerve, which passes 
through the suboccipital triangle and branches to the suboccipital muscles. 
Using the gentle techniques in the Basic Exercise, we can balance the tensions 
in these muscles. Then the bones can assume a better position with regard to each 
other, allowing more blood to flow through the vertebral arteries. There is often an 
almost instantaneous improvement of not only the position of the bones but also the 
function of the ventral vagus nerve branch. 
236 
EFTA00809964
--- PAGE 19 ---
Baby cranium 
Appendix 
Baby cranium from above 
A flat back of the head is caused by chronic tension in the sternocleidomastoid muscle 
on one side of the head—most often the right side. This tension is most likely caused 
by a dysfunction in CN XI. 
There are eight bones in the cranium, and fourteen in the face. At birth, the bones 
have not yet calcified and grown together at the sutures. They are joined by tough 
sheets of elastic connective tissue. The flexibility of these bones, and the elasticity 
of the connective tissue between them, are important in the birthing process. The 
cranium is compressed under tremendous pressure as it travels down the birth canal, 
and it is not a straight passage. The cranium's flexibility allows it to change shape as 
it passes through this irregularly shaped tube. 
After birth, muscles of the neck and the forces of the fluids inside the cranium 
begin to bring the baby's head into a more symmetrical and rounded form. A chronic 
pulling from the sternocleidomastoid muscle, however, is enough to pull the indi-
vidual bones of the skull out of shape in relationship to each other. 
A change in the shape of the back of the head can affect the blood supply to the 
brain—some parts get an excessive blood supply, and other parts a reduced supply 
Since I have become aware of the shape of the back of the head, I have noticed a "flat 
back of the head= on every one of my clients on the autistic spectrum or with ADHD. 
The drawing "Baby cranium from above" illustrates a severe case of deformation of 
the cranium, usually caused by a tight sternocleidomastoid muscle. 
It is possible to lessen skull deformation by releasing chronic tension in the SCM 
muscle on one side, even in adults in whom the bones of the skull are believed to have 
grown together so that the shape of the skull is fixed. Far from it! It is surprising how 
much you can round a flattened back of the head, regardless of age. 
O 
237 
EFTA00809965
--- PAGE 20 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Face 
Facial muscles 
Many of us do not have much movement in the muscles of our face. Face-muscle 
movement can occur spontaneously, or can be consciously put orisuch as, for exam-
ple, when we smile for a photo. 
Spontaneous changes of facial expression, especially when someone is looking 
directly at another person, are a sign of social engagement.These small changes occur 
at a rate of several times per second. The individual expressions are too fast to notice, 
but we can see that there is life in the face. 
When someone is socially engaged, the spontaneous facial movements occur in 
the zone between a line drawn across the middle part of the eyes and a line between 
her lips. 
238 
EFTA00809966

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00809967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00809967.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCESSING the HEALING POWER 
of the VAGUS NERVE 
EFTA00809967
--- PAGE 2 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00809968
--- PAGE 3 ---
ACCESSING the HEALING POWER 
of the VAGUS NERVE 
SELF-HELP EXERCISES FOR ANXIETY, 
DEPRESSION, TRAUMA, AND AUTISM 
Stanley Rosenberg 
North Atlantic Books 
Berkeley. California 
EFTA00809969
--- PAGE 4 ---
Copyright 0 2017 by Stanley Rosenberg. All rights reserved. No portion of this book, except 
for brief review, may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form 
or by any means—electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise—without 
the written permission of the publisher. For information contact North Atlantic Books. 
Published by 
North Atlantic Books 
Berkeley, California 
Cover art by jasmine Hromjak 
All other illustrations by Sohan Mie Poulsen; 0 Stanley Rosenberg .211 
Photographs by Tau Bjorn Rosenberg 
Cover design by Nicole Hayward 
Book design by Suzanne Albertson 
Printed in the United States of America 
Accessing the Healing Power of the Vagus Nerve: Self-Help Exercises for Anxiety, Depression, 
Trauma, and Autism is sponsored and published by the Society for the Study of Native 
Arts and Sciences (dba North Atlantic Books), an educational nonprofit based in Berkeley, 
California, that collaborates with partners to develop cross-cultural perspectives, nurture 
holistic views of art, science, the humanities, and healing, and seed personal and global 
transformation by publishing work on the relationship of body, spirit, and nature. 
North Atlantic Books' publications arc available through most bookstores. For further 
information, visit our wcbsite at www.northadanticbooks.com or c 
MEDICAL DISCLAIMER: The following information is intended for general information 
purposes only. Individuals should always see their health care provider before administering 
any suggestions made in this book. Any application of the material set forth in the following 
pages is at the reader's discretion and is his or her sole responsibility. The author takes full 
responsibility for representing and interpreting the ideas related to the Polyvagal Theory. The 
author's interpretations and representations of the Polyvagal Theory may vary in intent and 
accuracy from the writings and presentations by Dr. Stephen W. Purges. 
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data 
Rosenberg, Stanley, 1940—
Accessing the healing power of the vagus nerve : self-help exercises for anxiety, 
depression, trauma, and autism I Stanley Rosenberg. 
pages cm 
ISBN 978-1-62317-024-0 (Trade paperback) — ISBN 978-1-62317-025-7 (Ebook) 
I. Depression, Mental—Alternative treatment 2. Anxiety—Alternative treatment. 
3. Autism—Alternative treatment 4. Vagus nerve. 5. Self-care, Health. I. Title. 
RC537.R63844 2016 
616.85'27—dc23 
2015028780 
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 printer 23 22 21 20 19 18  
North Atlantic Books is committed to the protection of our environment. We partner with 
FSC-certified printers using soy-based inks and print on recycled paper whenever possible. 
Printed on recycled paper. 
EFTA00809970
--- PAGE 5 ---
To Linda Thorborg 
EFTA00809971
--- PAGE 6 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00809972
--- PAGE 7 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Foreword by Stephen Porges, PhD 
xi 
Foreword by Benjamin Shield, PhD 
xv 
Acknowledgments 
xvil 
Preface 
xix 
Introduction: The Autonomic Nervous System 
iocir 
PART ONE: Anatomical Facts Old and New: The Polyvagal Theory 
Overcoming Health Challenges: Are You Fighting the Heads 
of the Hydra? 
The Heads of the Hydra: Common Problems Related to Cranial-
Nerve Dysfunction 
Chapter 1:Get to Know Your Autonomic Nervous System ...__....__....__...._ 7 
The Twelve Cranial Nerves 
Cranial Nerve Dysfunction and Social Engagement 
Treating the Cranial Nerves 
The Spinal Nerves 
The Enteric Nervous System 
Chapter 2: The Polyvagal Theory__....__....__....__....__.__....__....__....__....__ 
The Three Circuits of the Autonomic Nervous System 
Goldilocks and the Three ANS States 
The Five States of the Autonomic 
Nervous System 
The Vagus Nerve 
Two Branches of the Nerve Called "Vagus" 
=Stress: and the Sympathetic Nervous System 
EFTA00809973
--- PAGE 8 ---
Chapter 3: Neuroception and Faulty Neuroception 
Faulty Neuroception and Survival 
Other Causes of Faulty Neuroception 
The Story of Antacus 
Chapter 4: Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
Simple Evaluation from Facial Observation 
Objectively Evaluating Vagal Function through Heart Rate 
Variability (HRV) 
Testing for Vagal Function: Early Experiences 
Discovering the Polyvagal Theory 
Testing for Vagal Function: Cottingham, Porges, and Lyon 
A Simple Test of the Pharyngeal Vagus Branch 
How to Test for Pharyngeal Ventral Branch Function 
Therapists can Test for Vagal Function without Touching....  84 
Chapter 5: The Polyvagal Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 87 
A Polyvagal Approach for Psychological and 
Physical Conditions 
The Healing Power of the Polyvagal Theory 
Relieving COPD and Hiatal Hernia 
Treating a Hiatal Hernia 
Diaphragmatic Breathing 
101 
Shoulder, Neck, and Head Pain: CN XI, Trapezius, and SCM  102 
The Levator Scapulae Muscle 
104 
The "Trap Squeeze Test" for Shoulder and Neck Problems 
115 
Health Problems Related to Forward Head Posture 
117 
Relieving Migraine Headaches 
123 
Chapter 6: Somatopsychological Problems. 
 131 
Anxiety and Panic Attacks 
135 
Phobias 
141 
Antisocial Behavior and Domestic Violence 
143 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) 
151 
EFTA00809974
--- PAGE 9 ---
Depression and the Autonomic Nervous System 
156 
Bipolar Disorder 
157 
ADHD and Hyperactivity 
161 
Chapter 7: Autism Spectrum Disorders 
 163 
Hope for Autism: The Listening Project Protocol 
166 
The Role of Hearing in Autistic Spectrum Disorders 
171 
Treating Autism 
177 
Technique for Rounding a Flat Back of the Head 
178 
Concluding Remarks 
183 
PART TWO: Exercises to Restore Social Engagement 
185 
The Basic Exercise 
186 
Neuro-Fascial Release Technique for Social Engagement 
195 
The Salamander Exercises 
199 
Massage for Migraines 
204 
SCM Exercise for a Stiff Neck 
206 
Twist and Turn Exercise for the Trapezius 
208 
A Four-Minute Natural Facelift, Part 1  
212 
A Four-Minute Natural Facelift, Part 2 
217 
Severing all the Heads of the Hydra 
219 
Appendix 
219 
Notes 
221 
Index 
233 
About the Author 
235 
EFTA00809975
--- PAGE 10 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00809976
--- PAGE 11 ---
FOREWORD 
I met Stanley in June 2002, when I spoke at the United States Association 
for Body Psychotherapy Conference in Baltimore. The evening before 
my talk I received a message from Jim Oschman asking if he and Stanley 
could attend. Jim explained that I would enjoy meeting Stanley and 
learning about his work. After my talk, Stanley explained his desire to 
identify objective measures, such as heart rate variability, that could be 
used to conduct research to validate the clinical work he was doing. 
I was curious and wanted to learn more about his work, his approach, 
and why he was interested in measurements of vagal function. I mentioned 
to him that I had spondylolisthesis, a condition in which a vertebra slides 
forward over the bone below it. He casually responded, "I can fix it." I 
asked him how long he thought it would take. He said about ten to fifteen 
seconds! At this point I was trying to figure out what he could do in ten 
to fifteen seconds. I had assumed, based on his training in Rolfing and 
craniosacral techniques, that his treatment would require several sessions. 
Given my history with an orthopedic specialist, I was curious if a somatic 
therapy could be effective. The suggestion that it could be rehabilitated 
in a few seconds was outside my worldview. 
My diagnosis was based on a slippage in the lower spine at the junction 
of lumbar and sacral vertebrae. The slippage caused back pain and possibly 
a progressive deterioration that would lead to surgery. I was diagnosed by 
an orthopedic surgeon, who imposed on me a fear of surgery to motivate 
progress in physical therapy. Following my graduation from physical 
therapy, I went to a sports medicine physician who prescribed a back 
brace to limit mobility. From this portfolio of health care professionals, 
I received contradictory instructions; the physicians encouraged me to 
immobilize the lower back, while the physical therapists encouraged me to 
move and work on flexibility. By the time I met Stanley, it was not dear to 
me how to treat my condition to minimize symptoms and avoid surgery. 
Wh
t Stanley generously offered tom,"welcomed the 
opportunity. Stanley instructed me to go on my hands and knees, and 
xi 
EFTA00809977
--- PAGE 12 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
to relax and keep my spine relatively level. Then, with the fingers from 
both hands going in opposing directions, he moved the tissue over the 
vertebrae that had slipped. As he did this, the vertebrae immediately 
and effortlessly slipped into position. For fifteen years I have used a 
modification of his procedure to remain pain free. 
I understood immediately what he was doing. The physical 
manipulation, which gently moved the upper levels of tissue, signaled 
the body to relax. The relaxation was sufficient to reorganize the neural 
muscular regulation that supported the spine, allowing the vertebra to 
gently fall into place. Thus Stanley was transmitting signals of safety to 
the neuromuscular system that enabled the system to immediately shift 
from a defensive state of contraction, in which it attempted to protect 
the vulnerability of the lower spine, to a state of safety in which a gentle 
touch would functionally allow the system to find its natural position. 
Stanley's method confirmed that a metaphor of safety is manifest 
throughout the body and not merely in the social engagement system 
via the muscles of the face and head, or in the viscera via ventral vagal 
pathways. In all aspects of the human anatomy, safety is expressed 
by the down regulation and the constraint of defense. When safety 
occurs, the structures can retune themselves to support health, growth, 
and restoration. Functionally, Stanley's work is based on his implicit 
understanding that when the nervous system is manifest in a state of 
safety there is a welcoming to touch, which can be used to align bodily 
structures and optimize autonomic function. 
Our first meeting captured Stanley's essence and brilliance. It 
captured his passionate desire to alleviate pain and suffering. It captured 
his compassionate approach that supports states of safety through 
gentle co-regulation. And it captured his intuitive understanding of the 
integrated systems of the body. 
Stanley and I have now been good friends for fifteen years. In multiple 
visits we have discussed how his manipulations shift autonomic state to 
promote health, growth, and restoration. As this book conveys, he has 
brilliantly integrated features of the Polyvagal Theory with features from 
craniosacral and other somatic therapies. To do this, he artfully extracted 
xii 
EFTA00809978
--- PAGE 13 ---
Foreword 
the primary principle of the Polyvagal Theory: the structures of the body 
become welcoming to touch and manipulation when in a state of safety. 
According to the Polyvagal Theory, the body, including the neural 
regulation of skeletal muscle, functions differently when in a state 
of safety. In the state of safety, ventral vagal pathways coordinate the 
autonomic nervous system. In this state, the defensive features of the 
autonomic nervous system are constrained, and the body is welcoming 
not only to the social engagement behaviors of prosodic vocalizations and 
facial expressions, but to touch. Underlying Stanley's clinical successes 
is his ability to connect and co-regulate the client through interactions 
between the client's social engagement systems, and to convey cues of 
trust and concern that trigger the beneficial attributes of the ventral vagal 
circuit in promoting a state of safety through the entire body. 
Stanley is not a traditional therapist trained within a discipline. His 
training crosses disciplines, and his approach is more consistent with 
the traditions of a healer. Healers enable the body to heal itself, and 
Stanley functions in this role. He co-regulates his clients, enabling and 
empowering them to heal through the body's own mechanisms. His 
interest in the Polyvagal Theory comes from his implicit understanding 
that when states of safety are manifest in the structures of the body, the 
body is poised to serve as a platform for healing. 
Accessing the Healing Power of the Magus Nerve is Stanley's personal 
expression of his insight into and appreciation of the role that vagal 
pathways play in the healing process by calming the body and enabling 
the body to welcome touch. By intuitively understanding this integrated 
process, Stanley has developed a system of manipulations that promote 
states of safety, allowing the body to retune the nervous system, thus 
optimizing behavior, mental health, and physiological homeostasis. 
As a scientist, I do not experience the world of the therapist. As a 
therapist, Stanley does not experience the world as a scientist. However, 
Stanley's gift lies in his ability to implicitly organize information from 
science and to apply it therapeutically in an intuitive, insightful, and 
helpful manner. Stanley's contributions as a creative therapist are unique 
within the complex health care environment. Fortunately, his powerful 
EFTA00809979
--- PAGE 14 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
insights, metaphors, and treatment models are beautifully conveyed and 
archived in Accessing the Healing Power of the Vagus Nerve. 
Stephen W. Porges, PhD, 
Distinguished University Scientist, Kinsey Institute, 
Indiana University, and professor of psychiatry, 
University of North Carolina 
xiv 
EFTA00809980
--- PAGE 15 ---
FOREWORD 
There are times in history when need is met with equal brilliance. We are 
blessed with one of these rare moments. Stanley Rosenberg's Accessing the 
Healing Power of the Vagus Nerve gives the reader tools to navigate and 
treat some of the most complex of maladies. 
Stanley brings forward this new wave of thought with the foundation 
of his almost half-century of clinical experience, trainings, and teaching. 
Accessing the Healing Power of the Vagus Nerve provides insights into 
the genesis of physical and emotional conditions, the reasons why they 
often have not been successfully treated with conventional methods, and 
effective tools to resolve them. 
Our well-being is dependent on a functional and adaptive nervous 
system. At the heart of our adaptability, especially to stress, is the vagus 
nerve. This cranial nerve is integrated into our entire physical and 
neurological matrix. The vagus nerve is central to every aspect of our life. 
It can provide us with deep relaxation as well as offer immediate response 
to life-and-death situations. It can be both the cause and the resolution of 
countless disorders. Additionally, the vagus nerve can provide us with the 
needed deep personal connection to others and our environment. 
I have had the privilege of knowing Stanley for over thirty-five years. 
I have studied together with him, learned from him, and taught for the 
Rosenberg Institute. I know of no other practitioner more qualified to 
bring together all the essential elements that are presented in this book. 
Accessing the Healing Power of the Vagus Nerve unlocks the mysteries 
of chronic disorders. There are many books published that explain these 
conditions, but none so successfully delves into the underlying basis of 
how and why these conditions develop. 
Whether for therapists, sufferers, or simply readers who wish to 
learn more about themselves and others, Accessing the Healing Power 
of the Vagus Nerve is a must-read. We owe Stanley Rosenberg a debt of 
xv 
EFTA00809981
--- PAGE 16 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
gratitude that he has woven his decades of insight into a fascinating 
and unforgettable work. 
Benjamin Shield, PhD, 
author of Healers on Healing, For the Love of Cod, 
Handbook for the Soul, and Handbook for the Heart 
xvi 
EFTA00809982
--- PAGE 17 ---
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 
Thanks to Stephen Porges, who formulated the Polyvagal Theory—his 
teaching and writings opened a world of understanding and have allowed 
me to help many people in my clinic and to teach other clinicians. He 
has been a friend for more than a decade and an inspiration in my for-
mulating and writing of this book. He also reviewed an early draft of this 
manuscript and helped to clarify important points. 
Thanks to Alain Gehin, my friend, mentor, and primary teacher in 
osteopathy and craniosacral therapy for more than twenty-five years. I also 
extend my gratitude to Professor Pat Coughlin at Geisinger Commonwealth 
School of Medicine (formerly known as the Commonwealth Medical 
College), who has been my main teacher of anatomy and physiology and 
who helped to edit the anatomical references in this text. Linda Thorborg 
was an inspiration in the development of many aspects of my hands-on 
techniques and has co-taught optimal-breathing courses with me. 
Thanks to Kathy Glass, my developmental editor, who took my chaotic 
notes and shaped them into this book. I have been living in Denmark and 
speaking Danish for thirty-five years, and my English language, especially 
my written language, has suffered. Looking back, I see that Kathy took 
on a near-impossible task of helping me to formulate my thoughts—and 
completed it with style. Benjamin Shield and Jacqueline Lapidus also 
helped me with the editing of early drafts. 
Also, thanks to Mary Buckley and Erin Wiegand, editors from North 
Atlantic Books, who helped put my manuscript into its final shape. 
Thanks to some of my other teachers, including Jim Oschman, who 
wrote the book Energy Medicine; Tom Myers, author of the book 
Anatomy Trains; my four teachers in tai chi and chi gung: John Chung Li, 
Ed Young, Professor Cheng Man-Ch'ing, and Hans Finne; my teacher in 
mindfulness and Vipassana meditation, Joseph Goldstein; my teachers in 
Rolfinge: Peter Melchior, Peter Schwind, Michael Salveson,,Louis Schului
and Timothy Dunphy, Ann Parks, and my other teachers in healing, 
massage, and other body therapies over the years. 
xvii 
EFTA00809983
--- PAGE 18 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Thanks also to my colleagues at the Stanley Rosenberg Institute, as 
well as all of my students, patients, and my many friends over the years, 
especially Ira Brind, Benjamin Shield, Anne and Philip Neess, Lise Pagh, 
Charlotte Soe, Mohammed Al Mallah, Gordon Enevoldson, DeeDee 
Schmidt Petersen, Trine Rosenberg, and Donna Smith. Thanks to Filip 
Rankenberg and my other colleagues at Manuvision. 
Also, thanks to Sri Sri Ravi Shankar for his interest in our form of 
craniosacral therapy and for his support over the years. 
Thanks to my children, Annatrine, Erik, and Tau; my grandchildren; 
my mother and father; and my brothers, Jack, Allen, and Arnold. 
xviii 
EFTA00809984
--- PAGE 19 ---
PREFACE 
Stanley Rosenberg, an American-born body therapist living in 
Denmark. This book proposes a new approach to healing based on 
my experiences as a body therapist working within the framework of a 
completely new understanding of the function of the autonomic nervous 
system—the Polyvagal Theory, developed by Dr. Stephen Porges. 
The autonomic nervous system not only regulates the workings of our 
visceral organs (stomach, lungs, heart, liver, etc.) but is closely tied to our 
emotional state, which directly influences our behavior. Thus the proper 
working of our autonomic nervous system is central to our emotional as 
well as physical health and well-being. Dr. Porges's Polyvagal framework 
has allowed me to achieve positive results with health issues as far-ranging 
as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), migraine headaches, 
and autism—to name just a few. 
I have been doing various forms of body therapy for more than forty-
five years. That career was a far cry from Swarthmore College, from which 
I graduated in 1962 after majoring in English literature, philosophy, and 
history, participating in an intensive honors program. When I go to 
college reunions, I find that most of my friends became college professors, 
doctors, lawyers, psychologists, and other professionals. I am the only 
body therapist out of the two hundred and fifty students from my class. 
BEHIND THE SCENES:THE PHILOSOPHY OF ACTING 
During my time at Swarthmore I became interested in theater, and 
Japanese theater in particular. That led me to a graduate program in 
theater at the University of Hawaii, where we put on plays from Japan, 
China, India, and Thailand. After two years, I left the sandy beaches of 
Honolulu and moved to the crowded, dirty, noisy streets of the Lower 
East Side of Manhattan along with other young theater hopefuls. 
From time to time, I helped Ellen Stewart, the producer of La MaMa, a 
popular off-off-Broadway theater where aspiring actors and directors put 
xix 
EFTA00809985
--- PAGE 20 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
on new plays by hopeful but as yet undiscovered playwrights. I do not know 
whether it was my fate, my good luck, or my nose for finding good people 
to work with, but I was blessed that Ellen took me under her wing. After 
touring with her and a small theater troupe through Europe, Ellen insisted 
that I visit the Odin Theater, a small experimental venue in Denmark 
On Ellen's recommendation, I ended up as assistant to Eugenio Barba, 
director of the Odin Theater. Barba wanted the actors to create something 
new in every detail of their performance. On one occasion, Barba and 
his actors spent two days rehearsing one small scene—trying variations 
of staging, expressive body movements, and unusual patterns of vocal 
expression—that took only ninety seconds when it was finally finished 
and incorporated into the play. 
Barba had been trained for three years as an assistant director at a 
Polish theater directed by Jerzy Grotowski, who had a reputation for 
doing some of the most exciting theater performances in the world 
at that time. Grotowski was both an innovative theater director and a 
theorist of the connections between mental, physical, and emotional 
processes. Grotowski's actors explored the physical and emotional aspects 
of extreme moments in the lives of their characters. They went into a 
world that was halfway between reality and fantasy, exploring dreamlike 
states invoked by traumatic experiences. 
After three years as Grotowski's assistant. Barba also spent a year in 
India studying classical Kathakali dance theater, which uses extraordinary 
forms of stylized expression including masks, costumes, makeup, and 
frequent use of mime. To attain the high degree of flexibility and muscle 
control required for this art's body movements and footwork, Kathakali 
dancers undergo a strenuous course of training. To help them meet these 
challenges and achieve the necessary flexibility, they receive sessions of 
body massage. 
All of these experiences influenced Barba and the Odin Theater; the 
acting training that I experienced there had its origins in Grotowski's work, 
and included acrobatics, yoga, and freestyle movement improvisation. I 
stayed at Barba's theater for an entire year, taking part in the daily training 
in voice, movement, and emotional expression. 
)C( 
EFTA00809986
--- PAGE 21 ---
Preface 
In his "Statement of Principles," Grotowski wrote, "The main point 
then is that an actor should not try to acquire any kind of recipe or build 
up a "box of tricks." This is no place for collecting all sorts of means of 
expression:" My exposure to this philosophy at the Odin Theater shaped 
my approach to everything I did for the rest of my life, including learning 
and exploring body therapy. 
In voice training, for example, we did not sing a song with a melody 
and text written by someone else. We did not try to imitate anything 
that we heard someone else do, but to explore the world of sounds that 
we generated in our own imagination—sounds that we had never heard 
anyone make before. This could take hours, days, or sometimes a week 
or more before I felt I had succeeded in making the exact sound I had 
imagined—and there was no one else who could judge whether I had 
made the "right" sound or not. Once I had made that sound, I never 
repeated it. I went on to the next sound that appeared in my imagination, 
and worked toward expressing that. 
This same approach has manifested itself in my approach to bodywork. 
Main Gehin, my primary teacher and mentor in craniosacral therapy, 
visceral massage, and osteopathic techniques, once said something very 
similar to what 
learned at Odin Theater: "You learn techniques to 
understand principles. When you understand the principles, you will 
create your own techniques." He also continually emphasized one 
principle: "Test, treat, and then test again." 
TAI CHI 
Body therapy came naturally into my work of teaching actors. As a teacher 
and director, I pushed actors out of their comfort zones and beyond the 
usual limitations of their movement and vocal expression. We worked, 
for example, with mime and acrobatics. Along the way I found a short 
book on shiatsu massage, and I included that as part of our training to 
help the body move better. 
While I was exploring the world of experimental theater in New York 
City, I also learned tai chi from Ed Young, a student and translator of 
xxi 
EFTA00809987
--- PAGE 22 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Professor Cheng Man-Ch'ing, one of the great tai chi masters of the 
twentieth century. Tai chi is unparalleled as a source of knowledge about 
natural ways of moving the body. Practicing the tai chi form every day is 
the kung fu of knowing yourself, similar to deeper forms of meditation 
in other traditions. 
The movements of tai chi are continuous, spiraling, and "soft" 
compared with those of "hard" styles of self-defense such as karate, 
where the movements are in straight lines, fast, and with definite 
beginning and ending points. The goal of tai chi as a martial art is not 
to become stronger and faster than your opponent but to use your own 
body awareness, flexibility, and kinesthetic sense to find where your 
opponents are tense—and then "help" the opponents use their own force 
against themselves. 
The ideal of tai chi is to use "a force of four ounces to deflect a thousand 
pounds." This concept has become an integral part of my body therapy. 
Some people doing massage and body therapies push hard into their 
client's body, with the intention of going deep. By contrast, I try to find 
the exact center of tension and the exact angle for me to push to increase 
the tension, and then use the minimum amount of force necessary to get 
the body to release itself. I often use no more than a few grams of pressure. 
ROLFING AND OTHER INSIGHTS 
After five years in New York, I moved back to Denmark and taught acting 
at the National Theater School for a year. Being a foreigner and trying 
to make headway in the Danish theater world without any network was 
harder than I had thought. So I decided to leave my work in theater and 
to support myself teaching tai chi and giving body therapy sessions. 
In Denmark I kept hearing about Rolfinge, a form of hands-on body 
therapy created by Ida Rolf' that had the reputation at that time of being 
the gold standard of body therapy. (Rolling is a form of "structural 
integration," the generic name for a form of connective-tissue massage 
that has the goal of helping clients have better posture, breathing, and 
movement.) 
EFTA00809988
--- PAGE 23 ---
Preface 
The idea of working from an inner intention, as we had done in our 
voice training at Odin Theater, came up in my discussions with Siegfried 
Libich, a German Rolfer. When he mentioned "working with intention" 
as an important element of Ida Rolf's teaching, I decided to take a series 
of ten Rolfing sessions with him. The effect of those sessions on me was 
so profound that I decided to learn the approach myself I became one of 
the first of three Rolfers in Denmark, and I have now been working with 
this form of bodywork for more than thirty years. 
In theater, actors usually take on the physical tensions of their 
characters, but in Rolfing we work to release the typical physical 
characteristics and habitual emotional patterns that limit our clients, 
restrict their movements, and cause pain and discomfort. The focus is 
on balancing tensions in the connective tissues of the body rather than 
"relaxing" the muscles, which is the usual approach to body therapy. The 
result is that they can move in new ways and have greater emotional 
flexibility. They can liberate themselves from cliches that have previously 
limited their freedom of expression, and move toward a more creative 
and authentic version of themselves. 
Rolfers not only work with their hands; they also learn to read the 
body. Movement and postural analysis are an important part of the 
training that other modalities of body therapy had not yet begun to teach. 
Rolfers ask,"Where is the body out of balance? Where is the flow broken 
in a movement? What needs to be done to bring it back into `shape'?" 
After I had been Rolfing for a few years, I began to hear other Rolfers 
talking about craniosacral therapy as a new frontier in body therapy. I 
went on to study that too, as well as other forms of osteopathic techniques 
including visceral massage and joint manipulation. During the following 
twenty-five-year period, I kept on learning from the best teachers I could 
find, attending advanced classes and trainings at least thirty days a year. 
In Denmark I was able to develop my skills as a body therapist 
slowly, over more than four and a half decades. I am currently in my 
mid-seventies, and I believe that my life has moved more slowly here in 
Denmark than if I had followed a similar path doing body therapy in 
the United States, where financial opportunities are greater and more 
Erin 
EFTA00809989
--- PAGE 24 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
tempting, so that many successful therapists outgrow their practices 
and move on to other more lucrative endeavors. Also, I believe that the 
fashions regarding, which therapy is "in" and which is "out" change 
more quickly in the United States than in Denmark. I have been blessed 
to be able to follow my own path at my own tempo. Alain Gehin, my 
craniosacral teacher, said that becoming a skilled body therapist is not 
so much "knowing about" something intellectually but "learning how 
to do something with your hands." He claimed that a body therapist 
first begins to attain what the French call savoir faire-"know-how"—
after giving ten thousand sessions. I have an image of myself, despite 
my American roots, as having apprenticed to become an Old-World 
European craftsman. I have had time to study, to practice, and to develop 
skills. I have had the luxury to be able to keep reaching for a greater level 
of finesse, sensitivity, and creativity with my hands. 
All these ingredients were in the mixing bowl when I met Stephen 
Forges and was blown away by his new interpretation of how the auto-
nomic nervous system functions—which I will explain later in this book. 
xxiv 
EFTA00809990
--- PAGE 25 ---
INTRODUCTION: 
THE AUTONOMIC NERVOUS SYSTEM 
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind. 
—Albert Szent-Gyorgyi, Hungarian-born biochemist 
(1893-1986) who won the Nobel Prize for his discovery 
of Vitamin C in 1937' 
It doesn't matter how much you drive around, you will never 
get to where you want to go if you don't have the right map. 
—Stanley Rosenberg 
I practiced various forms of body-oriented therapies for more than thirty 
years, but I eventually realized that I was using the wrong map. When 
I learned about Stephen Porges's Polyvagal Theory, his ideas expanded 
my understanding of how the autonomic nervous system functions, and 
immediately I had a better map. 
The autonomic nervous system is an integral part of the human 
nervous system, monitoring and regulating the activity of the visceral 
organs—heart, lungs, liver, gall bladder, stomach, intestines, kidneys, 
and sexual organs. Problems with any of these organs can arise from 
dysfunction of the autonomic nervous system. 
Before the Polyvagal Theory, there was a widely accepted belief that the 
autonomic nervous system functioned in two states: stress and relaxation. 
The stress response is a survival mechanism activated when we feel 
threatened; it mobilizes our body to prepare to fight or flee.' So in the 
stress state, our muscles are tense, thus enabling us to move faster and/or 
exert more power. The visceral organs work to support this extraordinary 
effort by our muscular system. 
When we have won the fight and neutralized the threat, or when we 
have gotten far enough away so that we are no longer in danger, our 
relaxation response kicks in. We remain in this relaxed state until the 
EFTA00809991
--- PAGE 26 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
next threat appears. In the old view of the autonomic nervous system, 
relaxation was characterized as the "rest and digest" or "feed and 
breed" state. This state was attributed to the activity of the vagus nerve, 
also known as the tenth cranial nerve, which, like all cranial nerves, 
originates in the brain or the brainstem. In this old, universally accepted 
interpretation, our autonomic nervous system vacillated between states 
of stress and relaxation. 
However, problems arise when we get stuck in a stress state even when 
the threat or danger has passed, perhaps because our work or lifestyle 
is continually stressful. For many decades, chronic stress has been 
recognized as a health problem, with an enormous amount of scientific 
research devoted to understanding the harmful effects of long-term stress. 
Attempts to treat and manage chronic stress spawned a widespread 
movement on the part of health-care practitioners, who wrote (and 
continue to write) a vast number of popular articles for a general audience 
in newspapers, magazines, books, and blogs. The pharmaceutical industry 
also began to provide a wide range of anti-stress drugs that have netted 
the corporations handsome profits as the use of these medications has 
soared. Yet, in spite of all these resources, many people continue to feel 
that they have not been helped sufficiently. They still feel stressed. Many 
believe that our society is getting more and more stressful every year, and 
that individuals are more stressed out as a result. 
Perhaps the problem is that we have been using the wrong map. With 
the old understanding of the autonomic nervous system, we have not yet 
been able to find truly effective methods of stress management. 
Like almost everyone working in the medical world and the alternative-
therapy scene, I shared existing beliefs about the way that I thought the 
autonomic nervous system worked. Every day in my clinical practice, 
I used what I had learned about the old stress/relaxation model of the 
autonomic nervous system. The fact that my treatments worked served as 
a confirmation that this understanding of the autonomic nervous system 
was correct. 
I enjoyed passing on what I had learned to students who wanted 
to acquire the various skills of body therapy that I had been using 
xxvi 
EFTA00809992
--- PAGE 27 ---
Introduction: The Autonomic Nervous System 
successfully. I taught the old model of autonomic nervous system function 
in all my courses in body therapy. As my classes filled, I founded a school, 
the Stanley Rosenberg Institute in Silkeborg, Denmark. In 19931 invited 
a few of the therapists I had trained to teach some of the introductory 
courses so that 1 could concentrate on teaching the more advanced 
courses. Eventually other teachers took over the more advanced courses 
as well. 
The specialty of our school was craniosacral therapy, which has its 
origins in the work of William Garner Sutherland (1873-1954), an 
American osteopath and the founder of osteopathy in the cranial field 
(OCF). (Osteopaths in the United States are licensed, with the same 
basic training and privileges as medical doctors.) While exploring dried 
cranial bones in an anatomy dissection lab, Sutherland found that he 
could fit the sawtooth edges of adjacent cranial bones together—but he 
noticed the possibility of slight movement between two adjacent bones. 
At the time, the belief was that if something existed in nature, there 
must be a reason for it. Sutherland postulated that the movement of the 
bones facilitated circulation of the cerebrospinal fluid, and he gathered 
techniques into what has become "craniosacral therapy." 
CRANIAL BONE MOVEMENT 
The cranial bones are held together by a system of elastic membranes 
that allow for slight movement between the individual bones. When 
Sutherland carefully palpated the bones of his patients' skulls, he was 
able to sense a slight but perceptible movement of the individual bones 
of the cranium in relationship to each other. 
Sutherland noticed that many of his patients with medical problems 
originating in their nervous systems had restricted movement between 
the bones of their cranium. By releasing some of those tensions, he felt 
that the subtle movement of the bones was increased. This approach 
enabled him to help several of his patients with a wide variety of health 
issues that had not been helped by the usual medical treatments of 
medicine or surgery. 
made 
EFTA00809993
--- PAGE 28 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Whereas medical doctors tend to prescribe medicines to treat stress 
and other medical conditions, the craniosacral approach is a hands-on 
therapy that has proven to be particularly effective in improving the 
function of the nervous system. It can reduce chronic stress, release 
tensions in the muscular system, and bring better balance to the hormonal 
(endocrine) system. Sutherland developed therapeutic techniques in three 
areas: 1) releasing tension in the membranes; 2) releasing restrictions 
between the individual cranial bones; and 3) improving the flow of the 
cerebrospinal fluid. 
THE BRAIN-BODY BARRIER 
There is a physical structure made up of epithelial cells that envelop the 
brain and spinal cord. These cells form what is called the blood-brain barrier. 
There is no direct circulation of blood directly to the neurons of 
the brain and spinal cord. Instead, the tissues of these structures are 
surrounded by colorless cerebrospinal fluid, which circulates to deliver 
necessary nourishment to the cells of the brain and spinal cord and to carry 
away waste products of cellular metabolism before returning to the blood. 
The cerebrospinal fluid is found in small amounts in the blood 
throughout the entire body, but it is finer than the rest of the blood. It 
contains no red or white blood cells, and fewer impurities than blood. 
In the brain the cerebrospinal fluid is filtered out of the blood and 
circulates through the cranium in the spaces surrounding the brain 
and spinal cord. After circulating around the brain and spinal cord, the 
cerebrospinal fluid returns to the jugular veins, where it rejoins the blood 
returning to the heart from the rest of the body. Then it is circulated from 
the heart and freshened by the lungs and kidneys. 
The blood supply to the brainstem and the nerves arising there is crucial 
to the function of the five cranial nerves whose function is necessary for 
the state of social engagement, which includes the ventral branch of the 
vagus nerve. 
Removing restrictions to this blood supply is at the core of successfully 
improving the function of the ventral branch of the vagus nerve and the 
owlii 
EFTA00809994
--- PAGE 29 ---
Introduction:The Autonomic Nervous System 
other four cranial nerves necessary to social engagement. Some of the best 
ways to achieve this are found in the domain of craniosacral osteopathy. 
For decades, craniosacral education was the exclusive domain of 
osteopathic physicians. They traditionally restricted attendance in their 
courses to licensed osteopaths and students enrolled in osteopathic 
medical schools. However, some of the hands-on disciplines were 
eventually taught to non-osteopathic physicians and students. Because 
many of those techniques were so effective, an eager market for them 
developed among practitioners of alternative and complementary 
therapies. 
One American osteopath, John Upledger, broke with tradition 
and began teaching craniosacral techniques to non-osteopaths. Much 
of the focus of Upledger's work was on unwinding the tension in the 
membranes. He founded the Upledger Institute, where I took my first 
course in craniosacral therapy in 1983. Craniosacral therapy has now 
become popular with alternative therapists all over the world. 
In 1995, after I had been successfully practicing what I had learned 
from the Upledger Institute, I went on to study with Main Gehin, a French 
osteopath who specialized in biomechanical craniosacral therapy. His 
focus was on releasing tension in the connective tissue spanning adjacent 
cranial bones, thereby allowing them to move more freely.s 
A few years after that I took introductory courses in biomechanical 
craniosacral therapy, which focuses on increasing the circulation of 
the cerebrospinal fluid. All three approaches have the same goal that 
Sutherland espoused—to improve the function of the craniosacral system. 
MY OWN CLINICAL PRACTICE 
In my own practice I preferred biomechanical craniosacral therapy, which 
reminded me of my work with Rolfing. BC' is specific; it helped me find 
the exact places in the cranial joints that needed releasing and provided 
me with more than 150 specific techniques to release these tensions. This 
powerful approach often effectively restores the function of the cranial 
nerves in a short period of time. 
EFTA00809995
--- PAGE 30 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
In my clinic, in addition to treating clients with craniosacral therapy, 
I gave individual sessions in Rolfing, which balances the myofascia 
(myo- means "muscle"; fascia refers to connective tissue). I also offered 
sessions in visceral massage to improve the function of the digestive and 
respiratory systems. As I worked with techniques from these various 
modalities, I observed changes in the client's nervous system in terms of 
stress and relaxation during the course of a hands-on treatment. 
My work with patients was extremely successful. As time went on, 
more and more people wanted to learn my techniques, and the Stanley 
Rosenberg Institute grew to employ twelve teachers working on a part-
time basis. Courses were taught in Danish. In Denmark alone we educated 
several hundred students over several years. These therapists in turn 
treated thousands of patients. My reputation spread beyond the borders 
of Denmark, and I taught in several other countries as well. 
The idea of the two-state (stress and relaxation) function of the 
autonomic nervous system played a prominent role in our curriculum. I 
taught about it in my classes on craniosacral therapy, visceral massage, and 
connective-tissue release. Together with an American neurologist, Ronald 
Lawrence, MD, I even wrote a book, Pain Relief with Osteomassage,‘ about 
pain relief and hands-on treatment, based on this interpretation of the 
autonomic nervous system. 
When I first heard Stephen Porges lecture about his Polyvagal Theory 
in Baltimore in 2001,1 had been working successfully with body-oriented 
therapies for almost thirty-five years. Porges's theory, however, was right 
up my alley, and it gave me a whole new outlook on the autonomic 
nervous system. This in turn gave me a new and more effective way to 
help my patients. 
Porges's Polyvagal Theory brought about a revolutionary advancement 
in my understanding of the autonomic nervous system. According to this 
theory, five cranial nerves (CNs) must function adequately in order to 
attain the desirable state of social engagement. These five nerves are CN 
V, VII, IX, X, and XI, and they all originate in the brainstem. 
Before I heard Porges speak, I had studied anatomy with Professor 
Patrick Coughlin, who taught us about each of the twelve cranial nerves, 
EFTA00809996
--- PAGE 31 ---
Introduction: The Autonomic Nervous System 
including the vagus nerve (CN X), and how to test their function. I 
had also learned specific biomechanical hands-on techniques from my 
craniosacral teacher Alain Gehin to improve the function of the twelve 
cranial nerves. So I was well prepared for an infusion of insight offered 
by the Polyvagal Theory. I adapted the techniques I had learned to 
successfully address a wide range of maladies with this new paradigm. 
I believe that the information and exercises in this book can be 
usefully implemented by almost anyone, from beginner to experienced 
craniosacral therapist, to improve cranial-nerve function in themselves 
and their patients, and to obtain relief from many unpleasant symptoms, 
conditions, and health issues—especially those that have been difficult 
to diagnose and heal. 
THE NEUROLOGY OF SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
Spinal nerves originate in the brain, make up part of the spinal cord, 
exit the spinal cord between adjacent vertebrae, and then go to various 
areas throughout the body. A spinal nerve is a mixed nerve, carrying 
motor, sensory, and autonomic signals between the spinal cord and 
corresponding regions of the body. 
Some of the fibers of the spinal nerves weave together to make up the 
sympathetic chain, which runs the length of the spine from vertebrae 
Ti to L2. (Ti is the first thoracic vertebrae and L2 is the second lumbar 
vertebra). This chain supports the activity of the visceral organs and 
muscles when a person is mobilized by a threat of danger into a "fight or 
flight" response. 
Cranial nerves, except for cranial nerves I (olfactory) and II (optic), 
originate in the brainstem, at the base of the brain. (See the illustrations 
"Brain" and "Cranial Nerves" in the Appendix.) They then make their way 
to various structures in both the cranium and the rest of the body. Some 
cranial nerves, for instance, innervate the muscles of facial expression, 
while others go to the heart, lungs, stomach, and other organs of digestion. 
Some cranial nerves go to the muscles that move the eyes, while others 
connect to cells in the nose to enable our sense of smell. 
EFTA00809997
--- PAGE 32 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
According to the Polyvagal Theory, when a person is feeling safe—not 
threatened or in danger—and if her body is healthy and functioning 
well, she can enjoy a physiological state that supports spontaneous social 
engagement behaviors. Social engagement, neurologically speaking, is a 
state based on the activity of five cranial nerves: the ventral branch of 
the vagus nerve (cranial nerve X), and pathways within cranial nerves V, 
VII, IX, and XI. 
When working together properly, the activity of these five nerves 
supports a state that enables social interaction, communication, and 
appropriate self-soothing behaviors. When we are socially engaged, we 
can experience feelings of love and friendship. And when individual 
members of a group can come together and cooperate with others, it 
enhances everyone's chances for survival. 
Other inherent values derive from social engagement: we bond 
with each other, develop friendships, and enjoy intimate sexual rela-
tionships; we communicate, talk with each other, care for each other, 
work together, raise families, tell stories, play sports, sing together, dance 
together, and entertain one another. We enjoy sitting at a table and shar-
ing a meal or a drink with friends and loved ones. Social engagement 
might arise when a parent puts a child to sleep, lying close and reading 
a book or telling a story until the child drifts off, or in the intimate 
moment experienced by two lovers lying close to each other after they 
have made love. These are some of the important experiences that make 
us human beings. 
Social interaction is not reserved for our relations with other people. 
We love our pets, we feed them, and we go for walks with our dogs. 
We often talk to our pets, and we are quite sure that they understand 
what we are saying. When they reciprocate with signs of affection, we 
feel happy. Almost anyone recognizes these activities, experiences, and 
qualities arising from the state of social engagement. However, these kinds 
of activities and interactions are neither described nor explained by the 
old model of the autonomic nervous system. 
EFTA00809998
--- PAGE 33 ---
Introduction: The Autonomic Nervous System 
Being together with others in positive ways is not only facilitated by 
the social engagement circuit of the autonomic nervous system; positive 
experiences with others also help us to regulate our autonomic nervous 
system. When we are together with other people who are socially engaged, 
we feel better. On the other hand, when we do not have enough positive 
social interactions with others, we can easily become stressed, depressed, 
asocial, or even antisocial. 
This new understanding of the multifaceted roles of the cranial nerves, 
and particularly their connection with the state of social engagement, 
enabled me to consistently help more people with an even wider range of 
health issues. MI I had to do was to determine whether these five cranial 
nerves functioned well and, if not, to use a technique to get them to 
function better. 
This made it possible for me to achieve far greater success in my 
practice and to treat intransigent conditions such as migraine headaches, 
depression, fibromyalgia, COPD, post-traumatic stress, forward head 
posture, and neck and shoulder problems, among others. 
This book is an introduction to the theory and practice of Polyvagal 
healing. After describing basic neurological structures, I will list some of 
the physical, psychological, and social issues caused by dysfunctions of 
those five cranial nerves. 
According to the Polyvagal Theory, the autonomic nervous system 
has two other functions in addition to those of the ventral branch of the 
vagus nerve: the activity of the dorsal branch of the vagus nerve, and 
sympathetic activity from the spinal chain. This multiple (poly-) nature 
of the vagus nerve gives the theory its name. 
The differences between the functions of the ventral and dorsal 
branches of the vagus nerve have profound implications for physical 
and behavioral health and healing. Throughout the book, I propose a 
new approach to healing that includes self-help exercises and hands-on 
therapeutic techniques that are simple to learn and easy to use. It is my 
hope that this knowledge will continue to spread and enable many more 
people to help themselves and others. 
bcxiii 
EFTA00809999
--- PAGE 34 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
RESTORING SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
I have written this book to make the benefits of restoring vagal function 
available to a broad range of people, even if they have no prior experience 
with craniosacral or other forms of hands-on therapy. Readers can 
acquire a unique set of easy-to-learn and easy-to-do self-help exercises 
and hands-on techniques that should enable them to improve the func-
tion of these five nerves in themselves and others. I used the principles 
behind Main Gehin's work to develop these techniques. 
The exercises and techniques restore flexibility to the functioning 
of the autonomic nervous system. They can help eliminate the general 
adverse conditions of chronic stress, which arises from the overstimul-
ation of the spinal sympathetic chain, and depressive behavior and shut-
down, which arise from activity in the dorsal vagal circuit. The exercises 
are noninvasive and do not involve medicine or surgery. The improve-
ments in ventral vagus nerve function from doing the exercises help to 
regulate the visceral organs involved in breathing, digestion, elimination, 
and sexual function. 
I tested the exercises with more than a hundred patients in my clinic 
before introducing the techniques to closely monitored groups in my 
classes and lectures. My conclusion was that my new approach using 
the exercises in this book will enhance most people's health and their 
capability for social engagement. The positive effects may last for a 
surprisingly long time. 
However, life is challenging, and nothing is permanent. While our goal 
is to help make the autonomic nervous system resilient, social engagement 
is not a permanent condition. Nor can we always prevent a person from 
encountering threatening circumstances or dangerous situations. 
The body, the nervous system, and the emotions continually adapt 
to help us respond to changing conditions. If we are threatened, or in 
physical or emotional danger, it is appropriate for our autonomic nervous 
system to respond physiologically with a temporary state of sympathetic 
activity in the spinal chain, or with dorsal vagal activity. These changes 
mciv 
EFTA00810000
--- PAGE 35 ---
Introduction:The Autonomic Nervous System 
help us to survive. Once the actual threat or danger is over, it is best if we 
can bounce back into a state of social engagement. 
Because nothing in the body lasts forever, though, the nervous system 
may slide back from social engagement into a state of activity of the 
spinal sympathetic chain or the dorsal vagal circuit. In this case, repeating 
the exercises should quickly restore ventral vagal function and leave the 
person in a socially engaged state again. It may be necessary to repeat 
these exercises or techniques occasionally or regularly. 
The positive effects are cumulative. Our autonomic nervous system 
becomes more resilient each time we can restore a state of social 
engagement following activation of the spinal sympathetic chain or the 
dorsal vagus branch. We can do so by using the Basic Exercise, a very 
simple self-help technique described in Part Two. Our long-term goal is 
to encourage the autonomic nervous system to return naturally, on its 
own, from a state of stress (spinal sympathetic activation) or depression 
(activity in the dorsal vagal circuit) to a state of social engagement, as soon 
as conditions change for the better and we return to feeling physically and 
emotionally safe. 
The techniques and exercises in Part Two help to improve movement 
of the head, neck, and shoulders, and to correct some of the postural 
and functional issues that we attribute to aging: forward head posture, 
kyphosis, dowager's hump, flat lower back, reduced breathing capacity, 
etc. Every time that you utilize the techniques in this book, you will notice 
improvement. 
EFTA00810001
--- PAGE 36 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00810002
--- PAGE 37 ---
PART ONE 
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: 
THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Overcoming Health Challenges: 
Are You Fighting the Heads of the Hydra? 
Many people struggle with health issues. Often their stories are reminis-
cent of the contest portrayed in Greek mythology between Hercules, the 
strongest of all men, and the water beast named Hydra. Hercules was 
half god and half human; his father was Zeus, god of the sky and thun-
der, who ruled all the other gods on Olympus. Greatest of all heroes, 
Hercules was sent on a mission to kill Hydra, a snake-like water beast 
with many heads. 
Hercules had a golden sword that had been given to him by Athena. 
In Greek mythology, Athena—the patron of the city-state of Athens—
was the goddess of wisdom, civilization, just warfare, strength, strategy, 
female arts, crafts, justice, and skill, who often accompanied heroes in 
their battles. 
Hydra was a dangerous opponent—even her breath was poisonous. 
For each of Hydra's many heads that Hercules cut off with his sword, 
the seemingly immortal Hydra grew two new heads. Realizing that he 
could not defeat Hydra by cutting off her heads one at a time, Hercules 
summoned his nephew lolaus for help. lolaus came up with the idea of 
using a blazing firebrand to scorch the neck stumps after each decapita-
tion, making it impossible for two heads to grow back in the same place. 
Luckily for Hercules, Hydra had one weak spot: one of her heads was 
mortal. When Hercules found Hydra's mortal head and cut it off, Hydra 
finally died. 
EFTA00810003
--- PAGE 38 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
The mythical Hydra is a metaphor for the frustration of treating one 
symptom only to have one or more others crop up in its place. Like the 
multiple heads of Hydra, multiple health issues plague many of us, and 
chasing symptoms one at a time with a medicine or an operation for each 
may give temporary relief but does not necessarily root out the source. 
We might take a pill for one health problem, another pill for another 
problem, and a third to counteract the side effects of the first two pills. 
We may even take multiple different pills every day. But often the pills 
only help temporarily, if at all, and sometimes we have to continue to take 
them for the rest of our lives. 
Our society primarily relies on two approaches in conventional 
medicine: biochemical (drugs) and surgical. These powerful tools are 
valuable in some cases and 
helped many people, including myself. 
Surgical operations can be lif 
ng. But even the best of operations leave 
scar tissue, which can restrict movement by making it more difficult for 
layers of muscles and connective tissue to slide freely on adjacent layers. 
Also, there are many symptoms, conditions, and health issues that are 
not debilitating or life threatening; often, lacking viable alternatives, we 
try to treat these issues with the usual medical approach of prescription 
drugs and/or surgery. These may not be the best solutions, however. In 
many cases they do not work as effectively as we wish, and often they 
produce undesirable side effects. 
Like fighting the Hydra, our symptom-suppression often just results in 
more symptoms popping up. For achieving lasting health, by contrast, there 
is a largely untapped potential in understanding how the nervous system 
works and approaching difficult health issues in a new way. Simply stated: if 
the ventral branch of the vagus nerve is not functioning, make it functional. 
Since the autonomic nervous system regulates important functions of the 
body such as circulation, respiration, digestion, and reproduction, a wide 
range of consequences can ensue if the vagus and other cranial nerves are 
not working properly. 
Below is a partial list of common problems that can arise from the 
autonomic nervous system. These are symptoms that affect many people. 
Have you experienced any of these symptoms or know people who suffer 
EFTA00810004
--- PAGE 39 ---
Overcoming Health Challenges: Are You Fighting the Heads of the Hydra? 
from them? If so, read on, because working with the cranial nerves can 
bring relief. 
The Heads of the Hydra: 
Common Problems Related to Cranial-Nerve Dysfunction 
Chronic physical tensions 
• Tense/hard muscles 
• Sore neck and shoulder muscles 
• Migraines 
• Back pain 
• Tightly clenched teeth 
• Grinding teeth at night 
• Eye or facial tensions 
• Cold hands and feet 
• Unwarranted sweating 
• Tenseness after exertion 
• Arthritis 
• Nervousness 
• Dizziness 
• Lump in the throat 
Emotional issues 
• Irritability, anger 
• Feeling "down" 
• Feeling of hopelessness 
• Lack of energy 
• Tendency to cry easily 
• General anxiety 
• Feeling of heaviness 
• Extended periods of depression 
• Fearfulness 
• Nightmares 
EFTA00810005
--- PAGE 40 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
• Restlessness 
• Difficulty sleeping 
• Excessive worries 
• Difficulty concentrating 
• Forgetfulness 
• Frustration 
• Excessive daydreaming and fantasizing 
Heart and lung problems 
• Chest pains 
• Asthma 
• Hyperventilation 
• Shortness of breath 
• Irregular heartbeat 
• High blood pressure 
Visceral-organ dysfunctions 
• Poor digestion 
• Constipation 
• Irritation of the large intestine 
• Diarrhea 
• Stomach problems 
• Hyperacidity, ulcer, heartburn 
• Loss of appetite 
• Excessive eating 
Immune-system problems 
• Frequent influenza 
• Minor infections 
• Allergies 
Behavioral problems 
• Frequent accidents or injuries 
• Increase in drinking or smoking 
EFTA00810006
--- PAGE 41 ---
Overcoming Health Challenges: Are You Fighting the Heads of the Hydra? 
• Excessive use of medicine with or without prescription 
• Autism, ADHD, Asperger's syndrome 
Interpersonal relationships 
• Excessive or unreasonable distrust 
• Difficulty in reaching agreements 
• Loss of interest in sex 
Mental Issues 
• Excessive worrying 
• Difficulty concentrating 
• Difficulty remembering 
• Difficulty making decisions 
Other problems 
• Excessive menstrual pains 
• Skin problems 
Given the challenges and stresses that we face in our lives, everyone is 
troubled by one or more of these symptoms from time to time. At first 
glance, this list seems to include unrelated problems—we could classify 
some of them as "physical," some as "mental," others as "emotional," 
and still others as 'behavioral?' Making such distinctions by grouping 
symptoms is not helpful in this context, however, and distracts from 
the observation that the underlying physiological cause is essentially 
the same. 
Usually people have more than one of these symptoms at the same 
time. The scientific term for this is cornorbidity. The symptoms can disap-
pear and recur at irregular intervals. If the symptoms occur rarely and 
are not debilitating, they are not so much of a problem. However, if the 
problems occur often, or most of the time, it is advisable to address them. 
Rather than treating individual symptoms as separate issues with a pill 
to be taken for each one, it would be preferable to find a common thread 
that links them. Perhaps we can we find a simple, effective treatment that 
EFTA00810007
--- PAGE 42 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
can mitigate or terminate these many seemingly separate issues—perhaps 
we can find the Hydra's mortal head. 
The common thread may be a fairly simple one: All of the problems in 
this list occur at least partly from dorsal vagal activity or activation of the 
spinal sympathetic nervous system, and can be addressed by reinstating 
normal function of the ventral vagus nerve branch and other nerves 
required for social engagement. 
The idea that cranial nerves play a role in any of these health issues is 
almost universally overlooked by contemporary medicine. Most people 
do not know much about the brainstem, where these nerves originate, 
nor about the cranial nerves themselves. 
I believe, and have repeatedly confirmed, that if we can get the five 
nerves that support social engagement to function properly, there is a 
good chance of alleviating or eliminating many of the symptoms on 
the list. This belief is based on my own clinical experience over several 
decades, and the experiences of the hundreds of therapists that I have 
trained at the Stanley Rosenberg Institute. 
EFTA00810008
--- PAGE 43 ---
CHAPTER 1 
Get to Know Your Autonomic 
Nervous System 
The human nervous system has one primary function: to ensure the 
survival of our physical body. The nervous system is composed of the 
brain, the brainstem, the cranial nerves, the spinal cord, the spinal nerves, 
and the enteric nerves. The focus of our attention here is the autonomic 
nervous system, which is made up of elements of the brainstem, some of 
the cranial nerves, and some parts of some of the spinal nerves. 
The Twelve Cranial Nerves 
Writing about the function of the twelve cranial nerves for a range of 
readers with extensive to zero knowledge about them has been a chal-
lenge. How can I introduce the subject to readers hearing about these 
nerves for the first time, while also helping knowledgeable people to 
understand cranial nerve function in a new and useful way? 
For readers new to the subject, I will present a simple description 
of the function of each of the twelve cranial nerves. If you are already 
familiar with the cranial nerves, I hope to present a new perspective and 
some new information about their function. 
Cranial nerves are different from spinal nerves. Some cranial nerves 
connect the brainstem with organs and muscles of the head such as the 
nose, eyes, ears, and tongue. The brainstem extends from the brain; it 
lies on the underside of the brain and is the beginning of the spinal cord. 
(See "Brain," "Cranial nerves," and "Spinal cord" in the Appendix.) Other 
cranial nerves go through small openings in the cranium to reach the 
throat, face, neck, thorax, and abdomen. Each of the twelve cranial nerves 
has pathways on both the right and left sides. 
One of the cranial nerves "wanders" through the body, coursing from 
the brainstem into the chest and abdomen to regulate many of the visceral 
EFTA00810009
--- PAGE 44 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
organs. It innervates the muscles of the throat (pharynx and larynx), 
and the organs of respiration (lungs), circulation (heart), digestion 
(stomach, liver, pancreas, duodenum, small intestine, and the ascending 
and transverse sections of the large intestine), and elimination (kidneys). 
Because this nerve is so long and has so many branches, it was named the 
"vagus" nerve, from the Latin word vagus, meaning "vagrant, wanderer?' 
The vagus nerve helps to regulate a vast array of bodily functions 
necessary for maintaining homeostasis. Whereas the sympathetic chain 
extends from the spinal nerves and supports the state of stress and 
mobilization for survival, several of the cranial nerves support non-stress 
states. One of the primary functions of the cranial nerves is to facilitate 
rest and restitution. They also enable the senses of sight, smell, taste, and 
hearing, as well as the sense of touch on the skin of the face. In mam-
mals, some of the cranial nerves work together to facilitate and promote 
social behavior. 
Each cranial nerve is numbered with a Roman numeral; for example, 
the olfactory nerve is also called CN I, meaning "first cranial nerve Note 
that although the nerves are paired, the singular term is usually used, so 
that "CN I" actually refers to a pair of nerves. 
The cranial nerves are numbered based on their location. They extend 
from a half-circle on each side of the brain; an early anatomist assigned 
the number CN Ito the topmost nerve, CN II to the next nerve down in 
the hal ircle, and so on. 
THE VARIOUS FUNCTIONS OF CRANIAL NERVES 
As the fibers within a conduit often have different functions, a cranial 
nerve may have multiple functions as well. When we first look at the 
various cranial nerves, their functions seem to be unrelated. For example, 
one of the nerves helps us swallow, another tightens a muscle that rotates 
the eyeball toward the midline, and a third helps to regulate blood 
pressure. 
However, though it is not usually noted in the study of anatomy, all 
twelve cranial nerves have one thing in common: they are all involved in 
EFTA00810010
--- PAGE 45 ---
Getting to Know Your Autonomic Nervous System 
helping us to find food; chew, swallow, and digest; and eliminate undigested 
food as waste. 
Cranial nerves control the secretion of enzymes and acids in the mouth 
and stomach, the production of bile in the liver and storage of bile in the 
gall bladder, and the production and storage of digestive enzymes in the 
pancreas. They monitor and regulate the movement of undigested food 
all the way from the stomach to the transverse colon. They control the 
release of gall and pancreatic enzymes into the duodenum, in appropriate 
amounts and at appropriate times, to digest the food and break down 
its composition. After the proteins, carbohydrates, and fats have been 
sufficiently broken down, these nutrients can be absorbed through the 
walls of the small intestine. 
We will start this discussion of the individual cranial nerves by noting 
how each one contributes to the digestive process. Then we will look at 
some additional functions of the cranial nerves that are not related to 
food, such as regulation of the kidneys and bladder, the heart and respi-
ration, and sex and reproduction. 
If you have never heard of cranial nerves before, do not worry about 
remembering which nerves have which functions; you can always come 
back to this section and refresh your memory with the table on page 
12. What will be most useful is to get a general impression of the kinds 
of functions regulated by these nerves, including the state of social 
engagement. If you have studied the twelve cranial nerves before, the 
following will present a somewhat different approach to help broaden 
your understanding. 
The olfactory nerve, or CN I, enables our sense of smell. In terms of 
evolution, CN I was the first of the cranial nerves to develop. The sense 
of smell is vital to human beings and all other mammals; it is crucial 
in first finding food and then determining whether a morsel is edible. 
Smells create an immediate response of attraction or repulsion—does 
my mouth water when I bring the morsel closer, or do I turn my head 
away in disgust? 
Our response to smells is powerful, primitive, and instinctual, so 
various smells have strong emotional impacts on us. It is important for a 
EFTA00810011
--- PAGE 46 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
baby to recognize the smell of its mother, and for sexual partners to smell 
each other in order to intensify their arousal. 
The nerve fibers of CN I originate in sensory organs in the nose and have 
a direct pathway to the forebrain. CN I is the only cranial nerve with direct 
transmission from the sensory organs to the brain without intermediary 
synapses. (A synapse is a structure that permits a neuron, or nerve cell, to 
pass an electrical or chemical signal to another cell, neural or otherwise.) 
The olfactory nerve is thus the only cranial nerve that transmits infor-
mation (smell) directly to the cerebral cortex without relaying it through 
another part of the central nervous system. Interestingly, this part of our 
"old brain" is instrumental in the formation of memory, which makes 
sense from the standpoint of survival. This is why smells make up some 
of our strongest and most evocative memories. 
Other cranial nerves enable our vision, and sight of course plays a 
critical role in helping us to find food. CN II, the optic nerve, also origi-
nates in the forebrain. It transmits signals from the rods and cones in the 
retina of the eye to a synapse, and across that synapse to the visual centers 
in the back (occipital) lobe of the cerebral cortex. The brain interprets 
these nerve impulses into what we see. 
We might be searching for something to eat, and see something 
interesting. Can we recognize it from past experience? Does it look like 
food? Does it look fresh? Is it free from mold and discoloration? If it looks 
good, we then might decide to bring it closer to our face so that we can 
smell it, and then we might put it into our mouth to taste it. 
Moving our eyeballs in different directions expands our field of vision. 
The small muscles that move the eyeballs are controlled by three other 
cranial nerves: CN III (oculomotor), IV (trochlear), and VI (abducens). 
These allow us to roll our eyes up, down, right, or left. 
We can extend our field of vision even further if we use the neck 
muscles to move our head. CN XI, the spinal accessory nerve, controls 
the trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles. These muscles move our 
head so that we can look up, down, and to the sides. This allows our search 
for food to include bringing a morsel closer to smell it and, if it does not 
smell good, to turn our head away. 
EFTA00810012
--- PAGE 47 ---
Getting to Know Your Autonomic Nervous System 
However, sight and smell alone do not tell us for sure that something 
is edible. We take the next step and put it into our mouth: does it taste all 
right? In order to taste properly, we need to mix the food with saliva. The 
secretion of saliva is controlled by the CN V (trigeminal), CN VII (facial), 
and CN IX (glossopharyngeal) nerves that innervate the salivary glands. 
Saliva not only increases our ability to taste things, it also initiates the 
digestive process by beginning starch breakdown and moistening food, 
making it easier to swallow. 
To mix the food with saliva, we use CN V (the trigeminal nerve) to 
innervate the muscles of mastication, opening and closing the jaw and 
grinding the food with a side-to-side movement. We use CN XII (the 
hypoglossal nerve) to move our tongue to shift the food around in the 
mouth, and on and off the surfaces of our teeth. We use CN VII (the facial 
nerve) to relax and tighten the muscles of the cheeks, creating a pouch for 
the food and emptying it to move food back onto the grinding surfaces 
of the teeth. We also help move the food around with the muscles of the 
lips, which are also innervated by CN VII. 
For the actual tasting of food, we use the taste buds on the tongue, 
which connect to branches of three cranial nerves: CN VII (the facial 
nerve), CN IX (the glossopharyngeal nerve), and CN X (the vagus nerve). 
Does the food taste all right, or is there a strange taste signaling that the 
morsel might be dangerous to eat? If the food does not taste good, we 
can easily spit it out before we swallow it, and avoid becoming sick or 
poisoned. 
If we decide to swallow, the tongue flips this chewed food mixed with 
saliva to the top of the esophagus, at the back of the mouth. The esophagus 
is a muscular tube that moves food from the throat to the stomach, con-
tracting rhythmically in the same way that the intestines do. We swallow 
food with muscles in the throat that are innervated by CN IX, the gloss-
opharyngeal nerve, and tongue muscles innervated by CN XII, the hypo-
glossal nerve, as well as other muscles innervated by CN V and CN VII. 
The upper third of the esophagus is innervated by the ventral branch 
of the vagus nerve, while the rest of the esophagus is innervated by the 
dorsal vagus branch. 
EFTA00810013
--- PAGE 48 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
If we sense that something is wrong with the food once it reaches 
the stomach, the old (dorsal) vagus branch gives us one last chance to 
regurgitate it before it continues into the small intestine. Our gag reflex is 
controlled on both ends of the esophagus, by the glossopharyngeal nerve 
(CN IX) at the top and the vagus (CN X) lower down. It's easy to see how 
complicated the act of swallowing actually is, requiring the coordinated 
function of many cranial nerves! 
The cranial nerves assist in the search for food in other ways. Many 
animals locate possible prey using their finely attuned sense of hearing. 
Most anatomical sources consider CN VIII, the auditory nerve,' to be 
the only cranial nerve that facilitates hearing. However, in mammals, the 
trigeminal (CN V) and facial (CN VII) nerves also have important roles 
to play in listening and in understanding human speech by regulating the 
middle-ear muscles. Tightening or relaxing tension levels in the eardrum, 
with the help of these nerves, changes the loudness of specific acoustic 
frequencies that pass through the eardrum to the inner ear. When the 
levels of sound are too strong for the fine mechanism of the inner ear, 
the stapedius muscle dampens the vibrations. (For more about hearing, 
see Chapter 7.) 
Major Functions of the Cranial Nerves 
CN I 
Olfactory nerve 
CN II 
Optic nerve 
CN III 
Oculomotor nerve 
CN IV 
Trochlear nerve' 
CN V 
Trigeminal nerve 
CN VI 
Abducens nerve 
CN VII 
Facial nerve 
CN VIII 
Acoustic nerve 
CN IX 
Glossopharyngeal 
nerve 
Smell; helps to locate food 
Vision; makes it possible to see 
Looking; controls some eyeball muscles 
Looking; controls some eyeball muscles 
Chewing and swallowing 
Hearing; tensor tympani muscle 
Looking; controls some eyeball muscles 
Chewing; some facial muscles and salivary 
secretions 
Hearing; stapedius muscle 
Hearing; translates sound waves into nerve 
impulses 
Swallowing 
EFTA00810014
--- PAGE 49 ---
Getting to Know Your Autonomic Nervous System 
CN X 
New vagus nerve 
Old vagus nerve 
CN XI 
Spinal accessory 
nerve 
CN XII 
Hypoglossal nerve 
The new (ventral) vagus branch innervates 
and controls the upper third of the esophagus 
and most of the pharyngeal muscles, and it 
regulates the heart and bronchi. 
The old (dorsal) vagus branch innervates the 
lower two-thirds of the esophagus; it regulates 
stomach function, digestive glands and 
organs such as liver and gall bladder, and 
movement of food through the intestines 
(except the descending colon). 
Innervates the trapezius and stemocleidomas 
toid muscles, which turn the head and expand 
the visual field 
Moves the tongue 
In addition to eating, several other functions are performed by the cranial 
nerves. The visceral afferent (sensory) branches of cranial nerves V, VII, 
IX, X, and XI gather information from our visceral organs: Are we safe, 
threatened, or in mortal danger? Does our body feel healthy, or is there an 
imbalance, pain, dysfunction, or illness? If we are safe and healthy, these 
nerves facilitate the desirable state of social engagement. 
Cranial Nerve Dysfunction and 
Social Engagement 
We consider "normal" human behavior to be an expression of positive 
social values. Our actions should be beneficial for our own survival and 
well-being, as well as for the well-being of others. 
When we are socially engaged, it is easy for other people to under-
stand our behavior, and what we do makes sense to others; most of us are 
socially engaged most of the time. However, sometimes we temporarily 
drop into a state of chronic activation of the spinal sympathetic chain 
system (fight or flight) or of dorsal vagal activity (withdrawal, shutdown). 
Then, if our autonomic nervous system is resilient, we will soon bounce 
back up to a state of social engagement. 
EFTA00810015
--- PAGE 50 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Unfortunately, some of us are not socially engaged most of the time; 
if we lack the necessary resilience to spontaneously come back to a state 
of social engagement, we become stuck in sympathetic-chain or dorsal 
vagal states. In these states it is often hard for other people to understand 
our values, motivation, and behavior. Our actions seem irrational, often 
run counter to our own best interests, and can be destructive to ourselves 
and others. If we are not socially engaged, it makes life difficult not only 
for ourselves but for those around us. 
Let's take a look at the five cranial nerves necessary for social engage-
ment, and what kinds of problems can arise when they are not function-
ing properly. These symptoms provide a clue that someone is not socially 
engaged; a person with these symptoms might benefit from treatment of 
the affected nerve(s). 
THE FIFTH AND SEVENTH CRANIAL NERVES 
CN V, the trigeminal nerve, has several motor functions including control 
of the muscles of mastication that move the jaw when we chew. CN V also 
has sensory functions, and it receives impulses from the sensory nerves 
of the skin of the face. 
CN VII, the facial nerve, also has several motor functions. It controls the 
tensing and relaxing of the individual muscles of the face. Changes in the 
pattern of tensions in our facial muscles create our facial expressions, which 
not only communicate different emotions but also reflect our internal 
states in terms of health or illness. Ideally, changes in facial expressions 
are spontaneous and reflect the flow of changing emotions and thoughts. 
Is someone's face deadpan, lacking animation? This is usually a sign 
of CN VII dysfunction. We can make faces voluntarily—for example, 
putting on a smile or opening our eyes wide. But these are not the same 
as spontaneous facial expressions. 
Spontaneous small changes in facial expression (or lack thereof) in 
this transverse stripe from the corners of the eyes to the corners of the 
lips, whether consciously or unconsciously noticed by others, can reveal 
whether or not we are socially engaged. 
EFTA00810016
--- PAGE 51 ---
Getting to Know Your Autonomic Nervous System 
In addition to these separate functions, CN V and CN VII have inter-
related functions. CN VII innervates the muscles of the face, and CN V is 
a sensory nerve to the skin of the face. When we change facial expression, 
this gives us the "feel of the face." Both nerves play a role in listening to 
and understanding what is being said, enabling us to take part in a con-
versation. This is also crucial to facilitating social engagement. 
The stapedius, the smallest muscle in the body, is innervated by CN 
VII. This muscle protects the inner ear from high noise levels, primar-
ily the volume of your own voice. The roar of a lion can be deafening, 
striking terror in other animals to the point of paralyzing them. The 
lion protects itself from the sound of its own voice by tightening its own 
stapedius muscle an instant before it roars, so that it is not affected by 
the loud noise. 
By reducing the volume of sounds above and below the frequency 
of the human female voice, the stapedius muscle allows a baby to more 
clearly hear her mother's voice. If you are easily disturbed by background 
noises, your stapedius muscle might not be doing its job of reducing the 
volume of the low-frequency sounds, making it hard for you to hear what 
someone else is saying in a noisy room. 
Hyperacusis, another hearing problem, can result from dysfunction 
of the stapedius as well as another muscle in the middle ear, the tensor 
tympani, or eardrum muscle, innervated by CN V. As this muscle tightens, 
it increases the tension, which diminishes sound. This is a useful function 
when we eat, reducing the level of noise from chewing. (For more about 
hyperacusis and stapedius dysfunction, see Chapter 7.) 
Dysfunctions of CN V and CN VII are quite common in adults, often 
coming as an undesirable side effect of tooth extractions or orthodontic 
braces. I have observed in several of my clients who have had dental work 
that the pterygoid process of their sphenoid bone and the palatine bone 
(one of the small facial bones) in their hard palate arepulled out of joint" 
in relationship to each other. As part of my training in biomechanical 
craniosacral therapy, I learned to look at the shape of the hard palate to 
see whether the palatine bone has been displaced laterally, and to perform 
a technique to bring this bone back to its proper position. 
EFTA00810017
--- PAGE 52 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Some of the branches of CN V and CN VII meet in this area. A very 
slight misalignment of the facial bones in the joint between the sphenoid 
and palatine bones can put pressure on both nerves. I sometimes treat 
clients who have had problems in these two nerves after having had a 
tooth pulled. When I ask dentists about pain in a tooth and misalignment 
of these two bones, most of them know exactly what I mean. They often 
respond that they are very careful not to pull a tooth just on the basis of 
pain if there is no sign of infection. 
However, I also meet people whose dentist did not learn this, or per-
haps forgot it. One woman had a pain in a tooth after an extraction 
of a different tooth. Her dentist pulled the second tooth, but this did 
not alleviate the pain. He did not seem to know that the nerves in this 
joint could be compressed from a displacement of these two bones in 
relationship to each other. This dentist was persistent in his attempt to 
help the woman to be free of pain; he pulled another tooth, and then 
another. When she came to me, she had almost no teeth left in her 
mouth—and still had the same pain. 
I presently have another client who started to grind his teeth at night 
after a tooth was pulled out. Many dentists do not recognize the problem, 
or perhaps do not have the skills to address it. 
In my first session, I generally ask all my clients if they have had a tooth 
extracted, or if they wore orthodontic braces. Either of these can cause 
chronic spinal sympathetic stimulation or a chronic dorsal vagal state. 
The sphenoid bone is the most centrally located bone in the cranium. 
The outer surfaces of the sphenoid bone make up what we commonly 
call the temples. If a boxer takes a punch on one of the temples, he risks 
being knocked out cold. Many boxers know this, and target the temples 
of their opponent. If they hit the temple, they will almost surely win by 
knockout. It is also why baseball batters wear a cap with flaps that protect 
their temples from injury if they are hit by a ball. The innermost part of 
the sphenoid bone has a saddle-like depression in which the pituitary 
gland rests. 
When one branch of a cranial nerve is under direct physical pressure, 
not only that branch but other branches of that nerve can become 
EFTA00810018
--- PAGE 53 ---
Getting to KnowYour Autonomic Nervous System 
dysfunctional. Thus a dislocation between the sphenoid and palatine 
bones can result in dysfunction of the nerves to the face and middle ear; 
this is enough to block the entire social-engagement nervous system. 
Cranial nerve V goes to the skin of the face, while cranial nerve VII 
goes to the muscles of the face. To correct some of these dysfunctions 
and to give yourself a natural "facelift," Part Two of this book includes 
a technique that stimulates both the fifth and seventh cranial nerves. 
Although you should notice an improvement in reducing facial tensions 
the very first time you do the exercise, it is a good idea to repeat it 
occasionally, especially if you have lost your natural smile because of 
being in a dorsal vagal or spinal-sympathetic state. 
Two other muscles innervated by CN V are the medial and lateral 
pterygoids, which arise on the sphenoid bone and help to open and close 
the jaw. A slight displacement of this bone can cause irregularities such 
as overbite, underbite, or crossbite. 
THE NINTH, TENTH, AND ELEVENTH CRANIAL NERVES 
One of the two branches of the tenth cranial nerve (the ventral vagus) 
arises in a structure called the nucleus nnibiguus in the brainstem, along 
with the ninth and eleventh cranial nerves. 
The dorsal branch of the vagus nerve originates on the floor of the 
fourth ventricle near the back of the brainstem. (A ventricle is not a 
physical structure but a space between the lobes of the brain, filled with 
cerebrospinal fluid. There are four of these ventricles, interconnected with 
each other via small canals.) 
Both branches of the vagus nerve, along with the ninth and eleventh 
cranial nerves and the jugular vein, pass through the jugular foramen, 
a small opening in the base of the skull between the temporal and 
occipital bones. 
Fibers of both the ninth and eleventh cranial nerves weave themselves 
into the fibers of the tenth cranial nerve. My anatomy teacher, Professor 
Pat Coughlin, told our class that in modern interpretations of anatomy, 
an increasing number of teachers consider CN IX and CN X to be two 
EFTA00810019
--- PAGE 54 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
parts of the same nerve. Just as the fibers of the nerves are woven together, 
their functionality seems to be interrelated as components of the social 
engagement nervous system. 
For clinical purposes of bringing the nervous system into a state 
of social engagement, I find it simplest to approach the ninth, tenth, 
and eleventh cranial nerves as if they were one nerve. When a patient 
presents symptoms indicating a dysfunction in one, there is almost 
always a dysfunction in the other two. If, after treatment, the patient 
shows improvement in the test for vagal (CN X) function, the symptoms 
attributed to dysfunction of the ninth and eleventh cranial nerves usually 
disappear as well. 
MORE ON THE NINTH CRANIAL NERVE 
The ninth cranial nerve is called the glossopharyngeal nerve (glossa-
refers to the tongue, and pharyngeal to the pharynx, the back of the top of 
the throat). This nerve has both afferent (sensory) and efferent (motor) 
fibers. The efferent branch innervates a single muscle, the stylopharyn-
geus, which is involved in swallowing. 
The ninth cranial nerve receives sensory information from the tonsils, 
the pharynx, the middle ear, and the posterior third of the tongue. It is 
also part of the mechanism for regulating blood pressure: it has afferent 
branches in the carotid sinus, located in the base of the neck near the 
carotid arteries, and its sensory fibers monitor blood pressure in order 
to influence the heart and the tons of the muscle cells in the arteries. 
This nerve also monitors oxygen and carbon dioxide levels in the blood, 
to adjust the breathing rate. It is also responsible for stimulating secretion 
from the parotid gland, the large salivary gland in front of the ear. 
THE TENTH CRANIAL NERVE (THE VAGUS) 
The tenth cranial nerve is a vital part of the autonomic nervous system. 
Before Stephen Porges presented the Polyvagal Theory, the vagus was 
assumed to function as a single neural pathway. However, we now know 
EFTA00810020
--- PAGE 55 ---
Getting to Know Your Autonomic Nervous System 
that the two branches of the vagus nerve—ventral and dorsal—arise 
at different places and have very different functions, and this book was 
written to elucidate those differences and their implications. 
An understanding of the two pathways of the vagus nerve provides 
treatment options for a wide variety of health conditions, discussed later 
in this book. 
THE SUB-DIAPHRAGMATIC (DORSAL) VAGUS BRANCH 
The dorsal branch of the vagus nerve has motor fibers that innervate 
the visceral organs below the respiratory diaphragm: the stomach, liver, 
spleen, kidneys, gall bladder, urinary bladder, small intestine, pancreas, 
and the ascending and transverse segments of the colon. Therefore, this 
branch has sometimes been called the "sub-diaphragmatic branch of the 
vagus nerve." 
However, this description is only partly accurate, since some fibers 
originating in the dorsal motor nucleus in the brainstem also affect the 
heart and the lungs, which lie above the diaphragm. Similarly, although 
the ventral vagus primarily provides motor pathways to the organs above 
the diaphragm, some fibers influence organs below the diaphragm. All 
three parts of the autonomic nervous system—the dorsal and ventral 
branches of the vagus nerve, and the spinal sympathetic chain—affect 
the vital functions of breathing and blood circulation. Each of the three 
circuits affects the heart and lungs in different ways. 
The Appendix includes two drawings of the visceral organs. (See 
"Ventral vagus" and "Dorsal vagus.") One shows those innervated by the 
ventral vagus, and the other shows those innervated by the dorsal vagus. 
OTHER FUNCTIONS OF THE VENTRAL BRANCH 
OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
The ventral branch of the vagus nerve originates in the brainstem, at the 
top of the spinal cord under the brain. (See "Brain" in the Appendix.) 
It stimulates rhythmic constriction of the bronchioles, facilitating the 
EFTA00810021
--- PAGE 56 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
extraction of oxygen, while the brainstem area controlling dorsal vagal 
activation may result in chronic constriction of the airways, making 
it difficult for air to get through. (This is part of the mechanism that 
is activated in a state of shutdown or shock. This narrowing of the 
bronchioles also occurs in COPD, chronic bronchitis, and asthma.) 
When we feel safe, the ventral branch of the vagus nerve supports 
rest or calm activity. There is a rhythmic vacillation of the opening of 
the airways; they are moderately open on the inbreath and moderately 
closed on the outbreath. 
The ventral branch of the vagus nerve innervates many of the small 
muscles in the throat, including the vocal cords, larynx, pharynx, and 
some muscles at the back of the pharynx (the levator veil palatini and 
uvular muscles). 
THE ELEVENTH CRANIAL NERVE 
The eleventh cranial nerve, or "accessory nerve," is one of the keys to the 
well-being of the entire musculoskeletal system. Because it innervates 
the trapezius and sternocleidomastoid (SCM) muscles, which enable the 
movement of the head and neck, tension in either of these muscles on one 
side pulls the shoulder, spine, and entire body out of alignment. 
Both the trapezius and the sternocleidomastoid muscles originate on 
the bones of the cranium. (The trapezius attaches to the mastoid process 
of the temporal bone, and the sternocleidomastoid to the occipital bone.) 
Together they make up the outer ring of muscles in the neck, shoulders, 
and upper back. 
If the eleventh cranial nerve is dysfunctional, it results in a lack of 
proper tonus in these muscles. This in turn can cause acute or chronic 
shoulder problems, stiff neck, migraines, and difficulties rotating the 
head from side to side. (See Chapter 5 for more information about these 
muscles. Part Two also contains a treatment for relieving migraines by 
reducing excessive tensions in these muscles.) 
Rather than simply massaging a chronically tense or flaccid trapezius 
or SCM muscle, it is better for a therapist to first improve the function 
EFTA00810022
--- PAGE 57 ---
Getting to Know Your Autonomic Nervous System 
of the eleventh cranial nerve using the Basic Exercise (see Part Two), and 
then massage the muscles after the nerve is functional again. 
Treating the Cranial Nerves 
We need different techniques to treat the cranial nerves than those 
generally used to treat spinal nerves. To treat spinal-nerve dysfunction 
some therapists use chiropractics or chiropractic-like mobilizations 
(short, high-velocity thrusts). A physical therapist may stretch and 
strengthen the muscles of the neck and back in order to reposition the 
vertebrae, thereby reducing pressure on spinal nerves. If these modalities 
fail, we sometimes resort to orthopedic surgery. 
However, if we want to manually improve or restore function in the 
cranial nerves, we need a different approach. Since 1920, there has been 
a form of treatment for addressing dysfunctions of the cranial nerves, 
called "cranial osteopathC"craniosacral therapy (CST)," or "osteopathy 
in the cranial field (Oar 
In the United States, doctors of osteopathy (DOs) have the same 
training as medical doctors. Like their MD counterparts, they are licensed 
to perform surgical operations, write prescriptions, and work in psychiatric 
hospitals. An important difference between osteopaths and MDs is that 
osteopaths have additional training in hands-on treatment techniques. 
William Garner Sutherland, DO (1873-1954) founded cranial osteop-
athy. His student and colleague Harold Magoun, DO (1927-2011), 
wrote the seminal book Osteopathy in the Cranial Field,' which was first 
published in 1951 and is still used today by osteopathic physicians who 
elect to learn the cranial techniques. Magoun's book describes three 
approaches to cranial work. One is biomechanical, in which the therapist 
holds two adjacent cranial bones for the purpose of mobilizing them 
in the sutures (where two or more skull bones come together). This 
can reduce mechanical pressure on the cranial nerves where they come 
through the various openings in the skull. 
The biomechanical approach demands a detailed study of cranial 
anatomy as well as extensive hands-on experience to get the feel of the 
EFTA00810023
--- PAGE 58 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
work and use the techniques effectively. The French osteopath Main 
Gehin further developed the system of biomechanical techniques as 
described by Sutherland and Magoun, and he has taught his approach 
to students in many countries. 
Another cranial treatment approach involves stretching the soft-
tissue membranes within the skull and spine. The Jura mater is a tube of 
connective tissue extending from the skull to the tailbone and containing 
the brain, spinal cord, and cerebrospinal fluid. The fa& cerebri and the 
tentorium are connective-tissue sheets that hold the bones of the skull 
together and are collectively referred to as the "dural membranes?' 
All of these dural structures become less flexible with aging, ill-
ness, certain kinds of antibiotics, and physical trauma. Harold Magoun 
described these membranes and how to release tension in them. Later, 
this work was developed further by John Upledger, DO, and is now taught 
worldwide by the Florida-based Upledger Institute. His approach includes 
stretching the dural membranes as well as allowing them to "unwind?' 
The third approach is called biodynamic craniosacral therapy. Its goal 
is maximizing movement of the cerebrospinal fluid that circulates around 
the brain and spinal cord, bringing nourishment to the tissues and help-
ing to eliminate metabolic waste products. 
Biodynamic techniques facilitate release by using the flow of the cere-
brospinal fluid contained within the dural membranes of the skull and 
spine. The therapist holds the client's head with an extremely light touch, 
combined with a keen awareness of the tiny, subtle movements of the 
cranial bones? 
The Spinal Nerves 
Most people have heard about problems arising from dysfunctions of 
the spinal nerves. Many people suffer from a herniated disk that presses 
on the spinal cord, or a bone growth (spinal stenosis) that can press on 
a spinal nerve and cause pain, loss of sensation, or loss of function (for 
example, bladder control). Spinal nerve dysfunction can also cause local 
paralysis (inability to use a specific skeletal muscle). 
EFTA00810024
--- PAGE 59 ---
Getting to Know Your Autonomic Nervous System 
Some people use chiropractic or osteopathic treatments to alleviate 
spinal-nerve compression. Chiropractors usually use high-velocity, 
short-thrust techniques intended to reposition a vertebra, bringing it 
into better alignment and taking pressure off of the pain-causing nerve. 
Osteopaths have the same goal but usually use a more gentle approach. 
Other popular "conservative" treatments for the spine include yoga 
and stretching, strengthening the back muscles with calisthenics, weight 
training, physical therapy, and massage to balance the tonus of the back 
muscles. If these methods fail to keep the spine in shape, we may feel 
invalidated, despondent, and inclined to choose radical treatments such 
as surgery. 
Back surgery is a booming business. About 500,000 Americans 
undergo surgery each year for lower-back problems alone. According 
to the US Agency for Health care Research and Quality, we spent more 
than $30.7 billion in 2008 alone on hospital procedures for back pain.10
Unfortunately, surgery doesn't always buy relief. And studies show that 
most backaches go away by themselves in time. The hospital in my town 
in Denmark has stopped using surgery for back pain. 
For decades, orthopedic surgeons have treated back problems by cut-
ting away part of a bulging disk, chiseling away a bone spur, or even 
inserting a metal plate and screws to stiffen adjacent vertebrae. In spite of 
the widespread use of surgery, the effectiveness of such operations is not 
scientifically documented. On the contrary, there is a growing body of 
research showing that such operations are not effective in the long run.".12-13
One important function of the spinal nerves is to allow us to use 
our arms, legs, and trunk to move our body by contracting and relaxing 
various muscles. Spinal nerves also innervate some of the visceral organs. 
Messages to the spinal nerves originate in the brain and travel through 
the spinal cord, a tube-like nerve bundle that exits the cranium through 
a large opening in the base of the skull called the foramen magnum (Latin 
for "large hole"). 
After exiting the cranium, pairs of spinal nerves emanate from the 
spinal cord, emerging through spaces between adjacent vertebrae to serve 
the muscles, joints, ligaments, tendons, internal organs, and skin. Human 
EFTA00810025
--- PAGE 60 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
beings have thirty-three pairs of spinal nerves, with one nerve of each pair 
going to the right side of the body and the other to the left. 
Each pair of spinal nerves corresponds to a segment of the vertebral 
column. There are thirty-three vertebrae in all: seven in the neck, 
twelve in the chest, five in the lumbar region, five in the sacrum, and 
four in the tailbone. The spinal nerves, which include both motor and 
sensory nerves, carry signals back and forth between the brain and 
rest of the body. Two important exceptions are the trapezius and the 
sternocleidomastoid muscles in the neck and shoulder, which receive 
their innervation from the eleventh cranial nerve; implications of this 
are discussed elsewhere in this book, including Chapter 5. 
There is always more than one branch of one spinal nerve going to any 
given muscle. This provides insurance that, if one of the spinal nerves is 
damaged, the muscle can still function (albeit less efficiently) using the 
signals from other available nerves. 
Every spinal nerve also affects several muscles. Often the muscles are 
part of a chain of movement—for example, muscles in the shoulder, 
upper arm, forearm, wrist, and fingers work together as a unit to control 
the basic movements of the arm or hand. 
The motor pathways of a nerve signal a muscle to contract. The spi-
nal sensory nerves gather various kinds of information from the body 
and feed it back to the brain: they carry sensations of pain, positions of 
the body parts in relationship to each other, movement, tension in the 
muscles or fascia, and the sense of touch for all of the body except the 
face (which is innervated by cranial nerves). 
Branches of the spinal and cranial nerves are traditionally categorized 
into motor and sensory functions, but this is an oversimplification. If we 
look more closely at the individual "motor nerves," we observe that some 
of their fibers are motor fibers—but that they also contain sensory fibers 
that report the state of tension in a muscle back to the brain. We now 
know that the majority of fibers in "motor nerves" are actually sensory. 
This combination of sensory and motor nerve fibers provides a 
feedback loop that allows us to use the motor fibers to tense a muscle 
while sensory fibers simultaneously send information back to the brain 
EFTA00810026
--- PAGE 61 ---
Getting to Know Your Autonomic Nervous System 
regarding the changing level of tension in the muscle. This allows us to 
calibrate the tensing of the muscle—a much more powerful and efficient 
approach than if the muscle could only tense fully or not at all, which 
would be the case if we had no sensory-fiber feedback. 
Under normal conditions, the spinal nerves facilitate easy, well-
coordinated, graceful movements, and the muscles fire using the 
minimum amount of energy to achieve the desired movement. However, 
if the body is in a state of stress and all the muscles are more tense than 
necessary, this natural coordination is often lost, and movements become 
uncoordinated, awkward, or weak. 
THE SPINAL SYMPATHETIC CHAIN 
Branches of the spinal nerves go to specific bodily structures: the 
skin (dermatomes), the muscles (myotomes), the visceral organs 
(viscerotomes), and the ligaments, fascia, and connective tissue 
(fasciatomes). Rather than a single spinal nerve innervating only one 
muscle, there is some overlap, so that branches of several spinal nerves 
may innervate the same individual muscle. This creates a backup system 
so that if one part of a nerve is damaged, other parts can still contract 
the same muscle, and it can still function, though it works less efficiently. 
Some of the spinal nerves go to the internal organs. For example, the 
nerves from thoracic vertebrae TI and T4 go to the heart, the nerves from 
T5 and T8 go to the lungs, T9 goes to the stomach, and Tt0 goes to the 
kidneys. Other nerves serve other structures including the bladder, genital 
organs, and intestines. 
Upon exiting the spinal cord, some thoracic and upper-lumbar spinal 
nerve fibers (T1—L2) extend laterally a short distance. While some of these 
stay in the same area, others join fibers from vertebrae above and below 
to form part of the sympathetic chain. The sympathetic chain extends the 
length of the vertebral column between Tl and L2, connecting to these 
spinal nerves. Most of the sympathetics, which project to visceral organs 
and to the head, are accompanied by arteries to their destinations. 
EFTA00810027
--- PAGE 62 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
When we face a threat to our survival, there is a surge in the activity 
of the entire sympathetic chain, spreading the fight-or-flight response to 
mobilize the resources of the entire body. This response is immediate and 
total, which is appropriate if we are threatened or in danger. The muscles 
tense to prepare for movements needed to fight or flee; this is described 
in weight-lifting circles as getting "pumped up." 
Some organs innervated by these sympathetic nerve fibers increase 
their level of activity in order to support this mobilization. For example, 
the heart beats faster to supply more blood to the muscular system. 
The blood pressure increases to be able to pump more blood into tense 
muscles. The liver releases stored-up sugars into the blood to make extra 
energy available for the muscles to burn. The survival stress response from 
the sympathetic chain causes the muscles of the airways to open to the 
maximum, improving our breathing capacity and taking in the maximum 
amount of oxygen in order to be fully mobilized to fight or run. 
At the same time, other organs (primarily those involved in digestion) 
are slowed or stopped. There is a loss of appetite, the movement of food in 
the intestine slows or stops, and the person might experience a sensation 
of "butterflies" in her stomach. 
In cases of threat or challenge, the stress state created by the sympa-
thetic response affects the whole body, and it can involve the muscles of all 
the segments simultaneously. Activation of the spinal sympathetic chain 
in the "fight or flight" response is one of the three possible states of the 
autonomic nervous system, to be discussed in more detail later. 
The Enteric Nervous System 
The enteric nervous system is a network of nerves interconnecting the 
visceral organs. We know next to nothing about these nerves; because they 
are so interwoven with each other, with the visceral organs, and with the 
connective tissue between the organs, it has been impossible so far for 
anatomists to fully trace the pathways of the enteric nerves. Therefore, we 
do not find them well represented in most anatomy books. 
EFTA00810028
--- PAGE 63 ---
Getting to Know Your Autonomic Nervous System 
Furthermore, we know almost nothing of how the enteric nerves 
function. At best we can guess that the enteric nerves in some way help 
the different visceral organs to communicate with each other in order to 
coordinate the very complex process of digestion. 
The enteric nervous system is even sometimes referred to as "the 
second brain," possessing an intelligence that operates beyond our 
conscious awareness." We can neither consciously know what is going 
on in our digestive process nor regulate it voluntarily. 
EFTA00810029
--- PAGE 64 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00810030
--- PAGE 65 ---
CHAPTER 2 
The Polyvagal Theory 
Whether you can observe a thing or not depends on the theory 
you use. It is the theory that decides what am be observed. 
—Albert Einstein 
The Three Circuits of the 
Autonomic Nervous System 
Traditionally the autonomic nervous system was recognized for its 
regulation of the various visceral automatic" functions, such as digestion, 
respiration, sex drive, reproduction, etc. The old model of stress-or-
relaxation was based on recognizing only two circuits—the sympathetic 
and the parasympathetic. 
In the old model, the sympathetic nervous system was seen as active 
in stress response to threats and danger. The parasympathetic nervous 
system, by contrast, expressed itself in the relaxation response and was 
associated with the function of the vagus nerve. This older, almost 
universally accepted model of the autonomic nervous system assumed 
that there is a single vagus nerve, and it did not take account of the fact 
that there are actually two quite different neural pathways that are both 
called "vagus." 
The Polyvagal Theory begins by recognizing that the vagus nerve has 
two separate branches—two separate, distinct vagal nerves that originate 
in two different locations. We get a more accurate representation of the 
workings of the autonomic nervous system if we consider that the auto-
nomic nervous system consists of three neural circuits: the ventral branch 
of the vagus nerve (positive states of relaxation and social engagement), 
the spinal sympathetic chain (fight or flight), and the dorsal branch of 
EFTA00810031
--- PAGE 66 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
the vagus nerve (slowdown, shutdown, and depressive behavior). These 
three circuits regulate our bodily functions in order to help us maintain 
homeostasis. 
The Polyvagal Theory also presents another dimension to our under-
standing of the autonomic nervous system. The autonomic nervous sys-
tem not only regulates the function of our inner organs; these three circuits 
also relate to our emotional states, which in turn drive our behavior. 
People who give massage know from experience that one person's 
body might be too tight, another might be too soft, and a third can feel 
"just right." Usually, when therapists are trained to give massage, they 
learn to release tension in a tense muscle. However, this approach does 
not work on a body that lacks sufficient tone. 
Goldilocks and the Three ANS States 
A good metaphor for the three states of the autonomic nervous system 
can be found in the fairy tale "Goldilocks and the Three Bears." 
Goldilocks was wandering alone in the woods when she came to the 
cabin belonging to the three bears. She knocked on the door, but no one 
answered. Being tired and hungry, she decided to go inside and wait until 
someone returned. 
Goldilocks noticed three bowls of porridge on the table. When she 
tasted them, she found that the first was too hot, the next was too cool, 
and the third was just right 
After she ate that third bowl of porridge, she saw three beds and 
decided to take a nap. The first bed was too hard, and the second too 
soft—but the third one was just right, so she lay down on that one and 
fell asleep, contented. 
The quality of the tone of the musculature in the three autonomic 
states can be described as one of the following: too hard or hot (in the 
fight or flight state of spinal sympathetic activity), too soft or cold (in 
the shutdown state of dorsal vagal activity), and just right (in the state 
of social engagement, based on the activity of the ventral branch of the 
vagus and the other four cranial nerves related to social engagement). 
EFTA00810032
--- PAGE 67 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
Activity supported by the spinal sympathetic chain enables us to fight in 
order to meet a threat, or run away in order to avoid it. This is because 
hard, tense muscles allow us to move the entire body more quickly. Higher 
blood pressure is also needed to get the flow of blood into muscles that 
are tensed and hard. 
Low levels of muscle tonus are found when the dorsal vagal circuit is 
activated, when there is no need to tense the muscles to fight or flee (or, in 
some cases of extreme danger, when the body's survival response is to shut 
down). Low blood pressure is sufficient to get the blood into soft, limp 
muscles. In its extreme form, this low blood pressure may cause people 
to lose consciousness and faint. The medical term for this is "syncope:' 
Normal blood pressure is appropriate for muscles that are neither 
tense nor flaccid—muscles that feel just right. In states of social engage-
ment, there is generally no threat or danger in our environment or body. 
Our nervous system registers this fact, so we do not have to do anything; 
we can truly relax and enjoy being with others. In terms of the Polyvagal 
Theory, we can be immobilized without fear, anger, or depressive activity 
when we are in a state of social engagement. Our blood pressure, blood 
sugar, and temperature are all normal. We can be still, yet awake and alert. 
A handshake gives us a good indication of the state of another person's 
autonomic nervous system. An overly tight body usually results from a 
chronic state of activity in the spinal sympathetic chain, where the entire 
muscular system is continually prepared to fight or flee. Such a person 
characteristically has an overly forceful handshake, squeezing harder than 
necessary. The opposite is true for someone lacking muscular tonus—
usually a sign of overactivity in the dorsal vagal circuit. This person gen-
erally has a limp, damp, and sometimes cold handshake. 
If our handshake is just right, it is the ventral branch of the vagus 
nerve that is predominant. We may have some tensions in individual 
muscles, but the tense muscles relax very quickly, and a massage therapist 
will notice that our body also feels right. 
The tonus of the muscles is only one of many ways to monitor the 
state of the body's nervous system. 
EFTA00810033
--- PAGE 68 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
HOMEOSTASIS AND THE ANS 
The neural circuits controlling the nerves regulating visceral-organ func-
tion can be compared to a thermostat linked to both a heater and an air 
conditioner. When the thermostat registers that the air is too cold, it turns 
on the heater, and if the air is too warm, it turns on the air conditioner. 
Mammals similarly need to maintain body temperature within upper 
and lower limits, and their sensory nerves provide feedback about body 
temperature to their "thermostat:' 
Behavioral patterns as well as physiological functions help the body to 
regulate temperature. For example, if we are cold, we can move around 
to produce heat through the activity of our muscles, or we can put on 
more clothes to insulate ourselves and reduce the loss of body heat. The 
blood vessels of the skin constrict to conserve heat. When we are very 
cold, our bodies start to shiver uncontrollably, producing heat from the 
action of the muscles. 
When we are warm, we lie down or sit still in order to reduce muscular 
activity and thereby avoid further overheating. The blood vessels dilate, 
allowing more heat to reach the skin surface where it can be dissipated. 
We take off layers of clothing, and we sweat; when our sweat evaporates, 
it cools the body. 
When people are angry, we sometimes say that they are "hot under 
the collar." We might admonish them to "cool it:' When people do not 
like something, they may withdraw, and we say that they are "cool" to it. 
We think of ways to "warm them up" to the idea. Both heat and coolness 
are sensed as reflections of emotional states. 
The three parts of the autonomic nervous system work together to 
control the activity of the organs, bring about homeostasis, and help us 
continue to appropriately meet environmental situations and balance 
conditions within the body. 
We can also apply the model of the Polyvagal Theory to problems and 
diagnoses in many physiological areas such as digestion or reproduction, 
which we might otherwise consider to be physical issues beyond our con-
trol or influence. 
EFTA00810034
--- PAGE 69 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
For example, there is a growing body of scientific research that 
uses heart rate variability (HRV) to measure ventral vagal activity by 
quantifying a spontaneous rhythm in heart rate known as respiratory 
sinus arrhythmia. These studies find that low levels of ventral vagal 
activity are linked to a wide range of health issues, such as obesity, high 
blood pressure, heart fluctuations, etc.1S There are also some speculations 
that HRV is a potentially useful measurement to help predict the onset of 
cancer, cancer metastasis, or the likely mortality of people with cancer." 
(For more about HRV, sec Chapter 4.) 
The Five States of the 
Autonomic Nervous System 
BIOBEHAVIOR: THE INTERACTION OF BEHAVIOR 
AND BIOLOGICAL PROCESSES 
Unlike the old model of the autonomic nervous system, which focused 
exclusively on its regulation of the function of the visceral organs, the 
new model of the autonomic nervous system includes three distinct neu-
ral pathways, as described above, and relates each of these three neural 
circuits with an emotional state, which drives our behavior. In addition 
to these three states, we have two hybrid states, each of which combines 
two of the individual circuits, for a total of five possible conditions of our 
autonomic nervous system. 
One hybrid state supports the experience of intimacy: the dorsal vagus 
is engaged to slow down our physical activity, at the same time as the ven-
tral vagus allows a feeling of safety with another person. This is discussed 
in further detail below. 
The second hybrid state expresses itself in friendly competition. We 
may fight extremely hard to win in sports or games, but this occurs 
within a framework of safety and rules to which all of the opponents 
have agreed in advance. In this hybrid state, the fight or flight response 
of spinal sympathetic chain activation is combined with the feelings of 
safety associated with activity of the ventral vagus branch. 
EFTA00810035
--- PAGE 70 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
THE THREE NEURAL PATHWAYS OF THE ANS 
The first of the autonomic nervous system's neural pathways is the social-
engagement nervous system. It involves activity in the ventral branch of 
the vagus nerve (CN X) and four other cranial nerves (CN V, VII, IX, and 
XI). Activity in this circuit has a calming, soothing effect, and promotes 
rest and restitution. 
The ventral branch of the vagus nerve relates to positive emotions 
of joy, satisfaction, and love. In terms of behavior, it expresses itself in 
positive social activities with friends and loved ones. The state of social 
engagement supports social behaviors in which we support and share 
with other people. Cooperation with others usually improve our chances 
for survival—we talk together, sing together, dance together, share a meal, 
cooperate to complete a project, teach and nurture children, etc. 
The second of the ANS's neural pathways is the spinal sympathetic 
chain, which is activated when our survival is threatened. If we mobi-
lize our body with this response, we can make an extra effort to help us 
respond to the threat. This state of "mobilization with fear" arises when 
we are not safe, or do not feel safe. The spinal sympathetic chain relates 
to emotions of anger or fear, which can express themselves in behaviors 
such as fighting in order to overcome the threat or fleeing to avoid a 
threatening situation. 
The third neural pathway is the dorsal branch of the vagus nerve. This 
pathway is activated when we face an overwhelming force and imminent 
destruction. When there is no point in fighting or running away, we con-
serve what resources we have—we immobilize. Activation of this pathway 
fosters feelings of helplessness, hopelessness, and apathy, manifesting in 
withdrawal and shutdown. This state can be described as "immobiliza-
tion with fear?' 
When humans or other mammals are faced with seemingly inevitable 
mortal danger, death, or destruction, the dorsal branch of our vagus 
nerve is activated. A sudden or extreme surge of dorsal vagal activity can 
give rise to a state of shock, or shutdown. Among other responses, the 
muscular system loses its tonus, and the blood pressure drops. We might 
faint or go into a state of shock (syncope). 
EFTA00810036
--- PAGE 71 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
Wildlife documentaries on the African plains have captured the fol-
lowing scene. A lion chases and captures a baby antelope, and takes it 
up in its mighty jaws. The baby antelope had been in a state of spinal 
sympathetic chain activity when it was threatened and ran away. Now, 
facing imminent death, it goes into shock and shutdown: it faints, and 
its body goes limp. 
Lions are not generally scavengers. If a lion suddenly senses that that 
its prey has become lifeless, it may open its jaws, drop the prey, and move 
away. Just when the lion is about to shake the baby antelope in order to 
break its neck, or to sink its teeth into its flesh, the limp muscles fail to 
give the usual resistance. Perhaps the antelope's shutdown response is 
enough to nullify the lion's killer instinct. The lion releases its grip, the 
baby antelope falls to the ground, and the lion moves away. 
A few seconds after the lion leaves, the baby antelope stands up, shakes 
it off, and returns to its mother. It then resumes grazing as if nothing has 
happened. The baby antelope is ready to face the next challenge to its 
survival, thanks to its life-saving shutdown response. This illustrates the 
adaptive survival value of the dorsal-branch immobilization response in 
situations of extreme danger. 
We see another example of how the dorsal branch of the vagus nerve 
can facilitate a successful defense: A porcupine, facing danger from a 
predator, withdraws by rolling up into a balks sharp quills bristle out-
ward, making it impossible for the predator to successfully bite it. 
THE TWO HYBRID CIRCUITS 
in addition to these three circuits of the autonomic nervous system, there 
are two hybrid states made up of different combinations of two of the 
three neural circuits. 
The fourth state is a hybrid that supports friendly competition, or 
"mobilization without fear," which is appropriate when we engage in 
competitive sports. This state combines the effects of two neural circuits: 
activation of the spinal sympathetic chain allows us to mobilize our-
selves in order to achieve our best performance. Activation of the social 
EFTA00810037
--- PAGE 72 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
engagement circuit keeps things friendly, so that we can play safely within 
the rules and avoid hurting each other. 
In sports, we can fight very hard to win. Both teams agree to follow 
the rules and stay within boundaries to keep everything safe. After all, it 
is only a game. There are many other examples of mobilization without 
fear. Puppies from the same litter constantly play with each other as if 
they were fighting. They growl and they bite each other for hours on end. 
In Japan, lovers sometimes have a ritual pillow fight. The pillows are 
overfilled with feathers, and slit open along one side. Within a few hits, 
the feathers come out of the pillowcase and fly around until they have 
filled the whole room, usually to the great amusement of the lovers. What 
started out as a "fight" now elicits smiles and laughs from both of them. 
The fifth state is also a hybrid of two neural circuits. Activity in the 
dorsal branch of the vagus nerve, when combined with that of the ventral 
branch of the vagus nerve, supports feelings of intimacy and intimate 
behavior. This state, which we could call "immobilization without fear;' 
is characterized by calm, trusting feelings, allowing us, for example, to lie 
still and cuddle with a loved one. 
The Vagus Nerve 
Physical well-being and emotional well-being are intimately linked. If 
we have a headache, it can be difficult to be happy, joyful, and interested 
in connecting with other people. On the other hand, when we have had 
a sound night's sleep, some exercise, and a good meal, we feel on top of 
things and naturally want to be sociable. This connection is well known. 
However, not many of us know that a nerve called the vagus helps 
regulate most of the bodily functions necessary for our health and emo-
tional well-being. This nerve must function properly in order for us to be 
healthy, feel good emotionally, and interact positively with family, friends, 
and others. 
EFTA00810038
--- PAGE 73 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
HISTORICAL RECOGNITION OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
The anatomy of the nervous system describes where the nerves are located 
in the body in relationship to muscles, bones, skin, visceral organs, etc. 
The physiology of the nervous system describes the function of these 
nerves—how they monitor what is going on at different places in the 
body, how they gather and integrate this information, and how they send 
signals to control various body functions. 
A thorough study of the anatomy and physiology of the nervous 
system is a major undertaking. Together, anatomy and physiology have 
formed the foundation of knowledge taught in the first half of the medical 
school curriculum. For at least the past century, the study of these two 
disciplines has also found its way into the education of almost all other 
health care professionals in the Western world. 
The first recorded mention of the vagus nerve came from the Greek 
physician Claudius Galen (130-200 AD), who lived in the Roman Empire 
and studied the vagus nerve in gladiators whose injuries he treated, and 
also in the Barbary apes and pigs that he dissected in order to learn more 
about the body. Galen noted certain dysfunctions that occurred when the 
vagus nerve had been severed in some of the gladiators. 
Galen's writings on the vagus nerve were only part of his legacy. In 
fact, his writings comprise half of all writings on any subject that have 
survived from ancient Greece. His vast writings were so widespread and 
respected that they served as the foundation of European medicine for 
more than 1,500 years. Since Galen's first explorations, the vagus nerve 
has been included in all medical texts as well as in papers and books by 
many psychologists. 
Over the centuries, as medical doctors and other health care profes-
sionals built upon Galen's observations, they came to believe that the 
autonomic nervous system consisted of two divisions, the sympathetic 
and the parasympathetic, both of which innervate the visceral organs. 
According to this interpretation, the sympathetic division is activated 
in states of stress, and helps to mobilize the body to fight or flee—or 
freeze, if need be. The parasympathetic nervous system was understood 
EFTA00810039
--- PAGE 74 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
to consist primarily of the vagus nerve, and to promote relaxation, rest, 
and restitution, 
The almost universally accepted idea was that the sympathetic and 
parasympathetic nervous systems comprise a balanced system, adjusting 
their activity accordingly as a person moves back and forth between states 
of stress and relaxation. The old idea of the autonomic nervous system 
can be likened to two children on a seesaw: when one child goes down, 
the child on the other side goes up, and vice versa. 
For the last century or so, chronic stress has been identified as a 
health problem involved in heart disease, asthma, diabetes, and a host of 
other illnesses. Therefore, relaxation deriving from a well-functioning 
vagus nerve was considered to be essential to health. The vagus nerve 
was thought to ensure proper function of the visceral organs responsible 
for circulation (heart and spleen), respiration (bronchioles and lungs), 
digestion (stomach, pancreas, liver, gall bladder, and small intestine), and 
elimination (the ascending and transverse parts of the large intestine, and 
the kidneys and ureters). 
In addition to the vagus nerve, a definition of the "relaxed state" usu-
ally included activity of the sacral parasympathetic pathways that go to 
the descending colon, rectum, bladder, and lower portions of the ureters. 
Some of these pathways also innervate the genitalia, enabling various 
sexual reactions. Part of the "parasympathetics" included sacral nerves 
that come from the sacrum at the base of the spine. Taken together with 
the vagus nerve, these were characterized as the "rest and digest" or "feed 
and breed" system. 
In 1994, in his presidential lecture for the Society for Psychophysi-
ological Research, Stephen Porges introduced his Polyvagal Theory, which 
he built around a new understanding of the function of the vagus nerve. 
A year later, he published these ideas in the journal Psychophysiology" in 
an article entitled 'Orienting in a Defensive World: Mammalian Modifica-
tions of our Evolutionary Heritage—A Polyvagal Theory?' 
Porges presented a radically different model of the autonomic system. 
Whereas his concept of stress is similar to the older model, he focused on 
three divisions of the autonomic nervous system: the ventral branch of 
EFTA00810040
--- PAGE 75 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
the vagus nerve, the sympathetic nervous system, and the dorsal branch 
of the vagus nerve. 
Two Branches of the Nerve Called "Vagus" 
The dorsal and ventral branches of the vagus nerve (CN X) originate at 
different locations in the brain and brainstem, have different pathways 
through the body, and have very different functions. There is actually no 
direct anatomical or functional connection between the two; they are 
separate and distinct entities. 
Before the Polyvagal Theory, we did not adequately differentiate 
between these two branches of the vagus nerve. The ventral branch was 
lumped together with the dorsal under the heading "the vagus nerve" 
or "tenth cranial nerve:' This has caused longstanding confusion in our 
attempts to understand the function of the autonomic nervous system. 
The Polyvagal Theory makes it possible to appreciate the differences 
between the two branches of the vagus nerve. The ventral and dorsal 
branches arise at different locations the word ventral refers to the location 
of the ventral branch of the vagus nerve, which originates in the nucleus 
ambiguus on the ventral (front, or stomach) side of the brainstem. The 
word dorsal means "toward the back"; as mentioned earlier, the dorsal 
vagus arises in the floor of the fourth ventricle. The two branches of the 
vagus nerve evoke very different physiological states, affect the individual 
visceral organs differently, support different emotional responses, and 
promote different behaviors. The ventral branch of the vagus nerve func-
tions in conjunction with four other cranial nerves (V, VII, IX, and XI), 
which also originate in the brainstem. The ventral vagus is myelinated, 
i.e., insulated by a covering of Schwann cells (connective-tissue cells) 
that enable it to transmit information more rapidly than non-myelinated 
nerves. The dorsal vagus, the older of the two, is not myelinated. 
In contrast to the sympathetic nervous system, which enables extreme 
mobilization to facilitate fight or flight, the two branches of the vagus 
nerve can both bring about immobilization. However, the ventral vagus 
and the dorsal vagus produce two very different states of immobilization, 
EFTA00810041
--- PAGE 76 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
based on two very different kinds of physiological activity; they are associ-
ated with two different types of behavior, evoke two different emotional 
responses, and have different effects on the visceral organs. 
EFFECTS OF ACTIVITY IN THE VENTRAL VAGUS CIRCUIT 
When the ventral branch of the vagus nerve and the associated four cra-
nial nerves function properly, human beings and other mammals enjoy 
the desirable state of social engagement. To be socially engaged, we need 
to feel safe, with no need to overcome or avoid any external threat by 
fighting or fleeing; we also need to be physically healthy. When we are 
socially engaged, we do not need to do anything, or to change anything; 
we can afford to be immobilized without fear (relaxed). We can maintain 
a vibrant tone without being collapsed or overly aroused. 
The ventral branch of the vagus nerve, together with the other four 
associated cranial nerves, promotes rest and restitution, ensuring that the 
physiological prerequisites are present for optimal physical and emotional 
health, friendship, cooperation, mutual support, parent-child bonding, 
and loving relationships. When we are socially engaged, we can be cre-
ative, positive, productive, and happy. 
Sometimes the ventral vagus is called the "new vagus" because it is 
more recent in terms of its appearance in our phylogenetic species history 
than the dorsal vagus. The ventral branch is newer in terms of evolution; 
it is found only in mammals, and in no other class of vertebrates, though 
there is the possibility that birds may have an equivalent to a ventral vagal 
pathway. According to Stephen Porges, the two branches of the vagus 
nerve emerged at different stages in the evolutionary development of 
vertebrates. 
When we (or other mammals) are safe in our environment—free from 
threats, danger, and unnecessary worries—and in good physical health, 
we normally exhibit behavior that is socially engaged. 
When we are threatened or in danger, however, our autonomic ner-
vous system shuts down the activity of the ventral branch of the vagus 
nerve and regresses to an earlier, more primitive evolutionary response 
EFTA00810042
--- PAGE 77 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
of either spinal sympathetic activity (flight/fight) or depressive behavior 
(withdrawal). 
If we have a well-functioning nervous system and are socially engaged, 
we might naturally meet a new situation with openness, trust, and positive 
expectations. We feel safe, and might first try to communicate, cooperate, 
and share. Even in the face of a threat, our behavior might still be open 
and friendly at first. Sometimes this positive, prosocial behavior can also 
make the other person feel safe, which in turn might be enough to defuse 
a potentially threatening situation. 
However, if this prosocial behavior is not enough to neutralize the 
threat or danger, our evolutionarily most recent neural mechanism—
the social engagement circuit—is the first to be abandoned. We leave the 
realm of rational thought and conscious choice, and all of our energy 
goes into instinctive, defensive responses. 
If our autonomic nervous system feels that a situation is unsafe, our 
response can shift down one phylum, from social engagement to the 
level of reptiles with a strong spinal sympathetic chain response, and we 
might fight to overcome the threat, or flee to avoid it. If the situation is 
so extreme that fighting or fleeing is not enough, we may shift down even 
further and shut down or collapse into a dorsal vagal state of withdrawal, 
dissociation, and shutdown. 
EFFECTS OF ACTIVITY IN THE DORSAL VAGUS CIRCUIT 
The dorsal branch is the older of the two branches of the vagus nerve, 
and is present in all classes of vertebrates, from boneless fish up to and 
including human beings and other mammals. It is sometimes referred 
to as the "old vagus." 
The Polyvagal Theory describes two autonomic nervous-system states 
that employ the dorsal vagal circuit. The dorsal vagus, acting on its own, 
brings about a state of metabolic shutdown. It enables animals to reduce 
the activity level in their vital functions, thereby conserving energy. This 
can be described as "immobilization with fear": we are afraid, but we do 
nothing to confront the danger or run away; we just give up. 
EFTA00810043
--- PAGE 78 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
The other state involving the dorsal vagal circuit is "immobilization 
without fear," which combines activity in the dorsal vagal circuit with 
activity in the social engagement circuit. This state is appropriate when we 
feel safe and choose to be relatively immobilized in order to be intimate 
with another person. 
The hibernation of mammals involves some degree of dorsal vagal 
activity, but it is not the same as shutdown. Bears hibernate in winter, 
for example, but it is more of a slowdown than a shutdown. Bears are 
warm-blooded and, like all other mammals, need to maintain a minimum 
oxygen intake and body temperature, often higher than the tempera-
ture of the surrounding air, in order to keep their brain functioning and 
undamaged by hypothermia. 
By contrast, reptiles can shutdown almost totally, reducing their heart 
rate, breathing, and digestion drastically to conserve energy until their 
next meal. A turtle shuts down its metabolism and life processes as it 
sleeps in the wintry, near-freezing waters at the bottom of a freshwater 
pond; its body temperature falls to the temperature of the surrounding 
water. The turtle is cold-blooded and does not produce its own energy 
to raise its body temperature. Instead, it will often lie on a rock to gather 
warmth from the sun and air. The winter hibernation of a bear in its cave 
involves a lesser degree of dorsal vagus activity, which is quite different 
from the near-total shutdown of a cold-blooded reptile such as a turtle. 
The bear's body temperature falls only a few degrees. 
A sudden, extreme surge in dorsal vagal activity when we or other 
mammals are faced with mortal danger can result in a state of shock, 
or immobilization with fear. Although I sometimes refer to this physi-
ological state as "shutdown:' in mammals it is more precise to think of 
it as a drastic slowdown. This immobilization with fear can be used as a 
defensive strategy, as in behaviors such as freezing and feigning death. For 
example, a mouse freezes when it senses a predator nearby, becoming "as 
still as a mouse" to avoid detection. 
Hawks have extremely good eyesight and can pick up the slightest 
movement, even those of a mouse's normal breathing. If a hawk is cir-
cling in a field over a mouse, the hawk will see any mouse that tries to 
EFTA00810044
--- PAGE 79 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
run away and will swoop down and catch it in its sharp claws. So, instead 
of employing the defense strategy of fleeing, the mouse freezes. It slows 
down its vital activity and holds its breath until the hawk has flown away 
and the danger is over. 
However, if the slowdown is too sudden or too extreme, it can result 
in the mouse being literally scared to death. About 10 percent of mice die 
from shutting down as a response to danger from a bird of prey or a snake. 
The Polyvagal Theory describes how a surge in the activity of the 
dorsal branch of the vagus nerve is a defensive strategy that causes a physi-
ological state of shock or shutdown to help us cope with traumatic events, 
extreme danger, or imminent destruction, whether real or imagined, by 
suddenly collapsing and shutting down. Giving up or feigning death can 
be lifesaving; by not moving, we might avoid the attention of a predator 
or enemy. Physiologically, immobilization also conserves energy. 
However, remaining chronically in a dorsal vagal state when there is 
no longer any threat or danger robs us of our clarity, productivity, and 
joy of living until we can get back into a state of social engagement. In 
our culture, we have become preoccupied with problems stemming from 
stress. Unfortunately, we have remained largely unaware that another 
danger to our health arises from the widespread condition of chronic 
activation of the dorsal vagus circuit. 
When dorsal vagal activity is less extreme but chronic, its emotional 
correlate is characterized by depressive feelings. In everyday conversation, 
many people say that they experience "depression:' or describe their mood 
and behavior as "depressed," without having been diagnosed as such by 
a psychiatrist or psychologist. For the purposes of this book, I prefer to 
use the terms "depressive feelings" and "depressive behavior" or "activity 
of the dorsal branch of the vagus nerve," and to generally avoid the term 
depression, which is a medical or psychological diagnosis. 
People with a diagnosis of depression, or people in a depressed state, 
typically lose interest in activities that once were pleasurable. They over-
eat, experience loss of appetite, or have digestive problems. They have 
reduced energy, and they become inactive, introverted, apathetic, help-
less, and asocial. They can feel sad, anxious, empty, hopeless, worthless, 
EFTA00810045
--- PAGE 80 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
guilty, irritable, ashamed, or restless. They may experience lethargy, lack 
of energy, and a lack of goal-oriented activity. 
They can have problems concentrating, remembering details, or mak-
ing decisions, and are often plagued by the aches and pains of fibromyal-
gia. They may contemplate, attempt, or commit suicide. These can all be 
symptoms of activity in the dorsal branch of the vagus nerve. 
The medical literature has generally focused on the physiology of 
chronic stress, with less attention given to the physiology underlying 
chronic depression. But when people come to my clinic with a diagnosis 
of depression from a psychologist or psychiatrist, or when they exhibit 
depressive behavior, I find that that their problem is usually accompanied 
by a state of activation of the dorsal branch of their vagus nerve. 
If the transition into a dorsal state has involved a sudden surge in 
dorsal-branch activity, the event can be described as a shock or trauma, 
and we can describe its effect as "shutdown." When a person faces an 
overwhelmingly dangerous situation and/or the possibility of imminent 
death, it is a natural reaction to dissociate from ones own body, from the 
here and now; to shut down physically, emotionally, and mentally; and 
perhaps even to faint. 
Ideally, when the danger has passed, we should move out of this state 
and back to social engagement; we should "come back to our senses:' 
However, many people get stuck at some level of this state of immobiliza-
tion with fear. In this case, it is appropriate to suspect that there is chronic 
activation of the dorsal vagal circuit. 
Prior to the Polyvagal Theory, depression and depressive behaviors 
issues lacked a physiological model in terms of the nervous system. It 
neither fit into the category of stress nor that of relaxation. Perhaps this 
is why it has been so difficult to find safe, non-addictive, and effective 
treatments for conditions such as depression. 
Stephen Porges's Polyvagal Theory focuses on the relationships of 
the autonomic nervous system, the emotions, and behavior. His work 
has awakened a growing interest in applications of these understandings 
by psychologists, psychiatrists, and an array of gifted, insightful trauma 
therapists. He describes what he calls the "vagal brake"—how activation 
EFTA00810046
--- PAGE 81 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
of the social engagement circuit "puts the brakes on" the other circuits 
and lifts us out of a chronic dorsal vagal or spinal sympathetic state. 
Under normal conditions of challenges to survival, the spinal sympath-
etic chain or the dorsal branch of the vagal nerve may be triggered into 
active states of defense. However, when social engagement is coupled with 
either of these circuits, the range of human behavior is expanded by keeping 
the individual out of a defensive state. When social engagement joins together 
with the spinal sympathetic chain, this hybrid enables friendly movements, 
including symbolic fighting, which are at the heart of the human activity of 
play. When the dorsal vagal circuit support of immobilization is joined with 
the protective regulatory features of the ventral vagus and other components 
of the social engagement system such as prosodic vocalizations, feelings of 
intimacy may spontaneously emerge. People can be close together physically 
and share the positive feelings of love. 
Using the exercises in this book, it should only take a minute or two 
to get back into a state of social engagement. 
SYMPTOMS OF A DORSAL VAGAL STATE 
If we are not socially engaged, we can experience many negative physi-
cal and emotional symptoms when faced with adverse conditions. One 
response is the state of mobilization of the spinal sympathetic chain, 
characterized by activities of fight or flight. 
The other response comes from activation of the dorsal vagal circuit: 
Our muscles and connective tissues lose their normal tonus, soften, and 
go limp, and our body feels heavy. To someone else, our muscles feel flac-
cid. If we try to do even a small task, it takes a monumental effort to move. 
In this state we typically feel helpless, apathetic, and hopeless. Our 
heartbeat slows, and our blood pressure drops; the blood withdraws from 
the periphery of the body and gathers in the center. Much of the blood, 
full of oxygen and nutrients that normally would go to the arms and legs 
to enable a fight-or-flight response in spinal sympathetic chain activity, 
is retracted to the thorax and abdomen to maintain minimal levels of the 
basic visceral functions. Thus our hands and feet feel cold and clammy. 
EFTA00810047
--- PAGE 82 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
When we are in a dorsal vagal state, we often have pains that move 
around to different places in the body. Most people believe that pain in 
the body comes from tight muscles, and therapists usually massage the 
body where it hurts and/or it where muscles are hard. But often, when a 
massage therapist alleviates pain at one place, another pain arises some-
where else. 
This may seem inexplicable to massage therapists who know that they 
did a good job making a once-hard muscle now feel soft. The client, not 
acknowledging improvement from what we have done, says, "Now the 
pain has moved to here." So the therapist chases the pain from one place 
to another, without the client actually feeling better. This condition is 
often diagnosed as fibromyalgia. 
Rather than simply massaging an area that hurts, the best way to 
treat this condition is to elevate the person from a dorsal vagal state by 
activating the ventral circuit state, for example, with the Basic Exercise 
(see Part Two). 
There are other commonly observable signs when we are in a state of 
shock or shutdown: The face loses its color and appears lifeless and unre-
sponsive; the facial expression is unchanging and facial muscles sag. The 
voice also lacks prosody (melodic expressiveness); it is flat and without 
melody. The eyes appear dull and lifeless—there is no sparkle. We may 
also have low blood pressure, which can cause dizziness or fainting (vaso-
vagal syncope). This occurs because, if our muscles are undertoned, our 
blood pressure does not need to be high in order to push blood through 
the lowered resistance in the muscles. 
Dorsal vagal state may also be involved in POTS (postural ortho-
static tachycardia syndrome). People with POTS typically faint when they 
stand up and their blood pressure drops. They often exhibit numerous 
symptoms of autonomic nervous system deregulation. Many POTS 
symptoms seem to be caused by an imbalance of the autonomic nervous 
system's control over blood flow and blood pressure. The autonomic 
nervous system regulates the necessary adjustments in vascular tone, 
EFTA00810048
--- PAGE 83 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
heart rate, and blood pressure when we stand up. In POTS, the system 
seems to be out of balance, and blood is not going to the right places.18
Activation of the dorsal vagus circuit can also cause sweating or nau-
sea. In extreme situations, such as in sudden and severe fright, there can 
be a loss of bladder and anal-sphincter control. Breathing slows, and the 
volume of each breath is far less than usual. Our mental awareness turns 
inward, or even disappears entirely when overwhelming danger presents 
itself, resulting in dissociation, a withdrawal of consciousness from the 
body. We are not in the here and now, and we may feel as if we are hav-
ing an out-of-body experience, as if watching what is going on from a 
great distance. 
The blood flow to the frontal lobes of our brain is also reduced by dorsal 
vagus activation. These lobes are where our higher functions reside; the 
frontal lobes are considered the human part of the brain and are involved 
with the functions of language and will. By "will," I mean conceiving an 
idea to do something, and monitoring our progress toward that goal. 
Often, after a traumatic event, we say that we do not remember what 
happened. Our brain is incapable of forming verbalizations or visualiza-
tions about what had been going on at the time because we were reacting 
from a different, more primitive part of our brain and nervous system. 
Dissociation is a widespread problem. It can be characterized as 
ongoing activity of the dorsal vagus nerve that keeps us in a physiological 
state of fear. We may be present in a group but not take part in a 
conversation; we may be lethargic and lack empathy. We might talk a lot 
but say nothing meaningful about ourselves or our situation. We cannot 
set goals or take actions to bring about changes that could help us in life. 
This depressive mindset is supported by chronic activity of the dorsal 
branch of the vagus nerve. 
However, if we are without fear, dorsal vagal activity has quite a 
different effect. The state of immobilization without fear, based on 
dorsal vagal activity combined with the activity of the cranial nerves of 
social engagement, provides the physiological foundation for rest and 
restitution, and supports intimacy. 
EFTA00810049
--- PAGE 84 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
EFFECTS OF VENTRAL VAGUS ACTIVITY 
A step above reptiles, at the top of the evolutionary ladder, the class of 
mammals including human beings has attained a more sophisticated ner-
vous system that includes ventral as well as dorsal vagal circuits. (Note 
that modern reptiles are not the evolutionary ancestors of mammals; 
primitive, now-extinct reptiles are our evolutionary precursors.) 
In the entire animal kingdom, only mammals have a ventral circuit, 
which is the ventral branch of the vagus nerve. To activate this ventral 
vagal circuit, the individual must both be and feel safe in terms of the 
environment, as well as in terms of feedback from the proprioceptive 
nerves that monitor what is going on in the body. 
The ventral vagal circuit can be active when we are physically active, 
or when we are immobile. It gives rise to the state of social engagement, 
together with four other cranial nerves (CN V, VII, IX and XI). Social 
engagement goes far beyond the simple concept of "relaxation" in the old 
model of the autonomic nervous system, with its two-state vacillation 
between stress and relaxation. The ventral vagal state allows us to rest 
and restore ourselves. We are not in a state of fear, and we can choose to 
be immobile. We can sit in a rocking chair on the back porch on a warm 
summer evening with someone we like, and watch the sun go down. We 
can listen to music. We can daydream or meditate. 
When we are not socially engaged, on the other hand, we can 
experience many negative physical and emotional symptoms such as the 
state of sympathetic nervous system mobilization, characterized by fight 
or flight, or dorsal vagal immobilization (frozen and/or with depressed 
behavior). 
Despite these very different functions of the vagal and dorsal branches, 
it is not surprising that Galen and the anatomists who followed after him 
were not aware that the dorsal and ventral vagus branches are separate 
entities. When Galen looked into the wounds of the gladiators, or dis-
sected pigs and Barbary apes, he did not have the luxury we have today in 
the dissecting rooms of our universities; he could not cool the cadavers, 
preserve them with formaldehyde, or observe them under microscopes. 
EFTA00810050
--- PAGE 85 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
Given all these difficulties, it is remarkable that Galen was able to 
discover so much detail about the anatomy of the vagal nerves, and with 
such accuracy. Yet his understandable failure to distinguish between the 
two nerve branches that share the name "vagus" has misled students 
and practitioners of anatomy, physiology, psychology, and medicine for 
thousands of years. 
Stress and the Sympathetic Nervous System 
Just as use of the word "depression" is widespread and often inaccurate, 
the word "stress" has been so widely used that its meaning has become 
imprecise. It is more precise to describe stress as the physiological state 
that arises from activation of the spinal sympathetic nervous system, 
resulting in a fight-or-flight response. 
The old stress/relaxation model considered stress to be the opposite 
of relaxation. It did not describe what happens to the visceral organs in 
the physiological state of shock or the related emotional state of depres-
sion—both of which express immobilization with fear. Nor was there an 
appreciation of the separate physical structures in the nervous system that 
are responsible for shock or depressive feelings on one hand and social 
engagement on the other. 
In the Polyvagal model, the vagus nerve, long thought to be respon-
sible for a single state of relaxation, is now understood to include two 
distinct pathways that activate two different non-stress states—neither 
of which exactly corresponds to relaxation in the older model of the 
autonomic nervous system. 
To avoid the confusions that arise from the word "stress," I prefer to 
use Stephen Porges's description of the fight-or-flight state as "mobiliza-
tion with fear:' and will try to hold to the biological model of stress: the 
sympathetic nervous system's response (mobilization with fear) to an 
external event or internal state, maximizing its potential to fight or flee. 
The neurology underlying this state is major activation of the spinal sym-
pathetic chain. As a defensive strategy, this produces a powerful muscular 
EFTA00810051
--- PAGE 86 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
response with the potential for making an extraordinary effort to save our 
life (and/or someone else's) in a threatening situation. 
Ideally, when the threat passes, activation of the sympathetic chain 
should also dissipate. If our nervous system is resilient and flexible, our 
nervous system should naturally return to a state of social engagement. 
If this does not occur, and activation of the sympathetic chain becomes 
chronic, it is not good for our physical and emotional health or our social 
relationships. 
Activation of the sympathetic chain is not limited to a defensive strat-
egy. When we are safe and our autonomic nervous system is functioning 
optimally, there is a slight activation of the sympathetic nervous system 
on every inbreath, causing our blood pressure to rise and our heart to 
beat a little faster. The pulse feels a little stronger to the touch. When we 
breathe out again and this slight sympathetic activation stops, the heart 
rate and the blood pressure decrease. Our heartbeat should slow down 
on the outbreath, and our pulse should feel softer. 
Therapists can train their fingertip sensitivity to feel this normal 
change between slight activation of the spinal sympathetic chain and 
activation of the ventral vagal circuit. If there is no change in the pulse 
between the inbreath and outbreath, it is a sign of autonomic nervous 
system dysfunction. 
THE FIGHT-OR-FLIGHT RESPONSE 
The fight-or-flight response has a number of effects on our physiology, all 
geared to help us survive in a state of stress when we are threatened. When 
muscles are tensed, they increase their resistance to blood circulation. In 
order to pump blood through tense muscles, our blood pressure rises. 
Our heart rate also rises, so that we can pump more blood to the 
muscles. Our bronchioles dilate, helping us breathe more easily, which 
increases the amount of oxygen reaching our lungs, our blood, and our 
cells. Better breathing also helps us eliminate more of the waste products 
of muscle-cell metabolism; we get rid of carbon dioxide (CO2) on the 
EFTA00810052
--- PAGE 87 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
outbreath. Our liver dumps extra sugar into our bloodstream as a quick 
source of energy. 
Bony fish are the first class of vertebrates with a "spinal" sympathetic 
nervous system, which is what generates the state biologists call "stress?' 
Amphibians also have a spinal sympathetic nervous system and are also 
able to flee danger quickly. Reptiles too use their spinal sympathetic state 
to exert extraordinary physical effort. A crocodile engaging its stress state 
can move with great speed and power; for short distances, a crocodile can 
move half again as fast as a champion Olympic sprinter. 
This same spinal sympathetic nervous system allows humans and 
other mammals to use the stress state as a defensive strategy by fighting 
or running away from a threat (mobilization with fear). Just as for reptiles 
and amphibians, our states of stress and states of shutdown can provide 
great flexibility for reacting to various situations. 
When used as a defensive strategy, the sympathetic nervous system helps 
us maximize our ability to fight or to flee. If a person is socially engaged, 
their sympathetic nervous system can also be temporarily activated in a 
positive way, along with the social engagement circuits, to facilitate social 
interchange in play, sporting competition, and even sexual foreplay. 
Not limited to the act of physically engaging in violence, thefight" 
response includes the full range of other behaviors aimed at changing 
things by force: verbal aggression in the form of sarcasm and abuse, 
passive aggression (opposing by not taking part), random aggression 
toward strangers, and wanton destruction of property. 
Similarly, flight is not only the act of running away—it includes 
actively avoiding people, situations, or places. It can be simply withdraw-
ing from social situations by watching television or taking part in other 
solitary activities, possibly driven by anxiety or panic attacks. 
Playing violent video games, for instance, might temporarily put our 
nervous system into a state of arousal and fight, and being addicted to 
these games and playing them continually might keep us in that state. 
With this in mind, parents might try to cut down on the time that child-
ren sit in front of the computer. 
EFTA00810053
--- PAGE 88 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
It may also mean that the parents themselves should spend less time 
in front of their computers. Rather than leaving children alone with the 
television or electronic devices, it is better for parents to be present with 
their children, available for social interaction and conversation. Parents 
should take it upon themselves to initiate play and other social activities 
with the child and other members of the family—activities that used to 
come naturally to families before electronics. 
A NEW UNDERSTANDING OF STRESS 
Although many people talk about being "stag: a large percentage 
of them are not actually stressed in terms of spinal sympathetic chain 
activity. Physiologically, some of them are actually in a state of dorsal 
vagal activity (shutdown or withdrawal); in emotional terms, they are in 
a depressed state. 
This condition can be the result of a traumatic incident sometime 
in the past. They may have a diagnosis of post-traumatic stress even 
if they are not physiologically in an actual state of sympathetic-chain 
stress. According to the Polyvagal Theory, their state is better described as 
activation of the dorsal branch of the vagus nerve, and these individuals 
may accordingly suffer from lethargy and immobilization. 
The way to move people out of both states—stress with accompanying 
fight-or-flight behaviors (mobilization with fear) and depressive feelings 
behaviors with shutdown (immobilization with fear)—is to activate the 
ventral branch of their vagus nerve. 
The three circuits of the autonomic nervous system are hierarchical, 
with a step-like progression from one state to the next, according to the 
evolutionary development of the autonomic nervous system in vertebrates. 
Social engagement, based on the most recently evolved nerve circuit 
including the ventral vagus branch, is at the top of the ladder, and it 
promotes peaceful immobilization and a sense of well-being. The next rung 
down is the spinal sympathetic chain, which activates the fight or flight 
response. At the bottom, the dorsal vagal circuit, the oldest evolutionary 
structure, triggers the defensive response of immobilization with fear. 
EFTA00810054
--- PAGE 89 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
Activity of the ventral branch of the vagus nerve inhibits the two lower 
levels. Activation of the ventral vagal circuit, supporting activities that are 
productive in terms of personal survival as well as social activities, lifts 
us out of chronic activation of the spinal sympathetic system, and it also 
takes us out of dorsal states of shutdown. 
It is not necessary to go up the ladder one step at a time from shut-
down to stress and then from stress to social engagement. Ventral vagal 
circuit activity moves a person directly from shutdown and emotional 
depression all the way up to a ventral vagal state. 
The spinal sympathetic chain is the next rung down. Activity in this 
circuit inhibits the dorsal vagal circuit. Running, swimming, or other 
forms of exercise that simulate fight-or-flight exertions often help to bring 
patients out of depression!' 
Many types of antidepressant medicine work in a similar fashion. By 
chemically stressing the body, they temporarily activate the spinal sym-
pathetic chain. However, antidepressant medicine does not bring us up 
all the way to the level of social engagement, and it can have undesired 
side effects. Given the choice, I believe that most people would prefer to 
come out of states of depression by using simple self-help exercises such 
as those I describe in Part Two. 
The goal of my treatments is to bring my clients out of a state of stress 
or depression and up to the level of social engagement. The exercises 
and hands-on treatments in this book will, ideally, help many people to 
achieve a state of social engagement and well-being. 
There is good reason for emphasizing the importance of proper 
function of the ventral branch of the vagus nerve in achieving optimal 
physical and psychological health. The state of our autonomic nervous 
system gives us an indication of our general level of physical health 
and emotional well-being. When our autonomic nervous system is in 
a state of stress or shutdown, we often have problems with our health, 
our relationships, and our emotional states. In my clinic and practice, if 
testing shows the ventral branch of the vagus nerve to be dysfunctional 
(see Chapter 4), my first goal is to get this nerve to function properly. 
EFTA00810055
--- PAGE 90 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Over the years, I have used different techniques to help move people 
out of stressed or depressed states and restore their ventral vagal branch 
function. For the last few years, I have found it sufficient to have my 
clients help themselves by practicing the Basic Exercise (see Part Two). 
In some cases (for example, with babies, small children, or individuals 
on the autism spectrum), it can be difficult or impossible to communi-
cate sufficiently with language to get them to do the exercise properly for 
themselves. In such cases, I use hands-on techniques from biomechanical 
craniosacral therapy. A description of one of these can be found in "The 
Neuro-Fascial Release Technique' (also in Part Two). 
After clients do the Basic Exercise, or after I have used my hands-on 
technique, I test their vagal function again to ascertain whether the 
desired change has been achieved. After the ventral branch of the vagus 
nerve has come to proper functionality, I apply additional techniques 
from biomechanical craniosacral therapy. In many cases, when their 
ventral vagus has been brought to a proper function, their health issues 
diminish or disappear?' 
"But you're not a doctor!" some people may say. No, I am not. In my 
clinic, I do not make any form of medical diagnosis, or treat disease. 
Giving a diagnosis and treating disease with prescription drugs fall solely 
within the responsibility of a well-trained medical doctor. All I can do 
in this context is evaluate and address the function/dysfunction of the 
ventral branch of the client's vagus nerve and the other four cranial nerves 
necessary for social engagement. 
Many people who come to me have already been diagnosed by a medi-
cal doctor. I do treat people who have been given a medical diagnosis, 
primarily to improve the function of their nervous system. It has been my 
experience that bringing their autonomic nervous system into a state of 
social engagement and moving them toward optimal health has a positive 
effect and helps many of them with various medical issues. 
In the initial interview, if clients tell me about a health issue, I make a 
note of it—can I relate their health issue to a possible dysfunction of one 
of the five cranial nerves involved in social engagement? I test the function 
EFTA00810056
--- PAGE 91 ---
The Polyvagal Theory 
of one branch of their vagus nerve. In some cases, I will test some of the 
other cranial nerves as well. 
Then I have them do the Basic Exercise, or I administer one of the 
hands-on techniques described in Part Two, or other techniques from 
biomechanical craniosacral therapy. Then I test again. If we have brought 
about a positive change in the function of the ventral branch of the vagus 
nerve, there is a good chance that the client's body will self-regulate, and 
their health issues will be mitigated or even disappear. 
My approach has helped many people with a wide range of problems 
including stress, psychological depression, migraines, fibromyalgia, dif-
ficulty in concentrating, remembering, or sleeping, problems with diges-
tion, stiff neck, and back and shoulder pain. 
We live in a world where everything is constantly changing, inside and 
outside of us. Our survival, wellness, and happiness depend on having a 
flexible autonomic nervous system that regulates us in order to respond 
appropriately to changes in our environment and our own organism. 
EFTA00810057
--- PAGE 92 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00810058
--- PAGE 93 ---
CHAPTER 3 
Neuroception and 
Faulty Neuroception 
"Neuroception" is a term coined by Stephen Porges to describe how neural 
circuits distinguish whether a situation is safe, threatening, or dangerous. 
It is an ongoing process through which our autonomic nervous system 
evaluates information from our senses about our environment and the 
state of our body. 
Neuroception takes place in the primitive parts of the brain, beyond 
our conscious awareness. It can be likened to a good watchdog that is 
always on guard, allowing us to focus on things other than survival, or to 
sleep soundly, and rousing us only when intrusions could compromise 
our survival. Based on the signals from neuroception, well-defined 
neural circuits are activated to support the state of social engagement 
and friendly communication behaviors when we are safe; the defensive 
strategies of fight or flight when we are threatened; and shutdown when 
we are in serious danger?' 
Most people have their own experiences of neuroception when they 
accessed a "sixth sense" and knew that they were in danger or something 
was threatening, without consciously knowing how they knew it. A young 
woman in one of my classes once said, "I can have my back turned, and 
know that some guy I don't know is looking at me. I can feel his eyes on 
me before he comes up to me." Although we have no logical explanation 
for it, and even if we do not know its neural pathways, neuroception is 
far from uncommon. 
Faulty Neuroception and Survival 
Neuroception gives us access to information that we do not pick up with 
the conscious part of our mind. When it works properly, it is a true gift 
EFTA00810059
--- PAGE 94 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
and can help us to survive. It works faster than processing conscious 
perceptions. 
"I knew something was wrong even before I went into the room"—
how do we pick up this kind of information? Sometimes we experience 
a conflict between our neuroception and other thoughts:"I had a feeling 
that something just wasn't right, but I allowed myself to be talked into 
going ahead with it anyway?' 
El 
However, neuroception can be "faulty," and when it does not work as 
it should we can find ourselves in deep troubleinstead of clearly perceiv-
ing what is actually there, we distort what is going on. Faulty neurocep-
tion occurs when the neural circuits from perception to behavior do not 
function in an appropriate way. A person might react to a safe situation 
as if it were threatening or dangerous, or react to a dangerous situation 
as if it were safe. 
There can be countless reasons for faulty neuroception. Our percep-
tion might be blinded by anger, fear, jealousy, or apathy, or we might be 
locked into a traumatic memory. We may be fixated in a state of shock; 
we may be hungry and have low blood sugar; we may be tired, in physical 
pain, or suffering from an illness. 
We might be feeling perfectly normal and then suddenly be triggered 
by something that reminds us of a traumatic event in our past—and 
react to this memory as if it were happening in present time. We might 
not actually be threatened or endangered, but our nervous system may 
be stuck in the past, poised to fight or flee at the slightest trigger from 
the environment. A wonderful example of this is an Abbott and Costello 
sketch called "Slowly I 'awned" (searchable on YouTube). 
Faulty neuroception can even come from very positive experiences like 
falling in love and bonding with the partner. We sometimes hear that a 
person's judgment was impaired because they were "blinded by love;' so 
that they failed to be aware of a possibly destructive situation. 
The nervous system should be flexible, enabling our whole organism 
to adapt to the present situation and to support different kinds of behav-
iors depending on whether the situation is safe, threatening, or danger-
ous. In cases of chemical interference (such as prescription medicines, 
EFTA00810060
--- PAGE 95 ---
Neuroception and Faulty Neuroception 
other drugs, and alcohol), information comes in from the environment 
through our senses, but the neural circuits do not process the information 
normally, and our physiology does not respond appropriately. Alcohol, 
for example, alters the way we feel and thus the way we act. Many drugs—
prescription medicines as well as illegal and recreational drugs—also put 
us into an abnormal physiological and experiential state. 
The following story illustrates faulty neuroception from biochemical 
interference. Three friends, young men in their mid-twenties, went for a 
daylong hike up Mount St. Helens, an active volcano in a national park 
in the southwest corner of the state of Washington. Although strenuous, 
this climb is suitable for anyone in good physical condition who is com-
fortable scrambling on steep, rugged terrain. Most climbers complete the 
round trip in seven to twelve hours. 
The three friends prepared well for the hike; in each of their backpacks 
they had a map, compass, first-aid kit, and pocketknife with a set of tools. 
Each had good boots, a climbing helmet to protect his head from falling 
rocks, a lightweight sweater, sunscreen, and dust masks and goggles in 
the event of ash fall. The sun reflecting off snow and volcanic ash can be 
intense, so they also took sunglasses with side shields. They carried food 
and two quarts of water each. 
They set off early in the morning. The weather forecast predicted a mild, 
sunny, clear day, and they dressed accordingly. They were soon quite warm 
from the sun and from their exertions, even though they were dressed only 
in T-shirts. They splashed water on their heads and took off their sweaty 
T-shirts. 
The temperature of the body is regulated by neural feedback mecha-
nisms that operate primarily through the hypothalamus, the part of the 
brain that processes information from key temperature sensors in the 
body. When the body starts to overheat, there are several physiologi-
cal changes. When the temperature rises over 98.6° F (37° C), nerves to 
the blood vessels near the surface of the skin cause the blood vessels to 
dilate, increasing the amount of blood flowing to the skin. This is called 
vasodilation, and it enables more blood to reach the small capillaries in 
the skin. Up to a third of the body's blood can circulate in the skin, and 
EFTA00810061
--- PAGE 96 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
is cooled at the skin surface by the surrounding air. Sweating also helps 
to cool the body as its moisture evaporates. 
A few hours into the climb, the weather suddenly changed. Clouds 
formed, the air got cooler, and it began to snow. All three hikers felt cold, 
and they put on their sweaters. (They did not put their damp T-shirts 
back on.) Unfortunately, this layer of dry clothing did not provide suf-
ficient warmth quickly enough, and they did not have rain gear. Within 
minutes, their sweaters were soaked from the cold, wet snow. 
The hypothalamus works to conserve heat if the body temperature 
drops—autonomic heat-conserving responses are initiated as well as 
mechanisms that produce additional heat. A normal response to cold is 
the secretion of the stress hormones adrenaline (epinephrine), norepi-
nephrine, and thyroxine. These cause the muscles to tighten, resulting in 
shivering. The activity from the rapid contractions of shivering muscles 
produces body heat. 
Nerves during a stress response also cause contraction of the muscular 
walls of the blood vessels, called vasoconstriction. This minimizes heat 
loss by decreasing the volume of blood flowing from the core of the body 
to the skin, especially to the hands and feet. 
One of the young climbers had taken his usual prescribed medication 
earlier in the day to suppress his chronic stress. One effect of this medicine 
is to lower blood levels of stress hormones. As a result, his body could not 
produce a normal stress reaction to cold weather. He did not shiver, his 
blood vessels did not constrict, his arteries and capillaries remained dilated, 
and the blood flow to his skin was not reduced to prevent further heat loss. 
Because of the medicine, he was not able to adapt to the changes in 
his environment, and he became increasingly chilled. Cardiac arrest can 
occur in cases of extreme hypothermia, and finally his heart failed. This 
young hiker did not survive because his body was not able to adapt in 
normal ways to the weather shift. 
This provides a cautionary tale about how chemical substances can 
interfere with our normal responses to dangerous situations, preventing 
our bodies from appropriately responding to protect us. 
EFTA00810062
--- PAGE 97 ---
Neuroception and Faulty Neuroception 
Other Causes of Faulty Neuroception 
Earlier I described the survival value of the shutdown state. When a lion 
gets its jaws on the throat of an antelope or other prey, the autonomic 
nervous system of the prey usually goes into a state of shutdown in the 
face of imminent death and the inability to fight or flee anymore—and 
in some cases this can cause a predator to lose interest, which saves the 
life of its intended prey. 
In contrast, personal problems in our complicated, modern, civilized 
human life are not usually so dramatic and usually last longer than a few 
seconds. We may not be threatened physically, but we are often challenged 
emotionally or mentally. We might need to get a project done on time, 
to address difficult issues in our relationships with the people around us, 
to solve an economic problem, or to care for a family member dying of 
cancer. We need to act—to do something or say something—in order to 
bring our world back to a state of temporary balance. We cannot always 
just sit on a beach, relax, and enjoy the surroundings. 
Furthermore, unlike many wild animals, human beings do not usually 
shake off their traumas as soon as the threat or danger is gone. Ideally, 
we should be able to "reset" our nervous system and get a fresh start. But 
many times the effects of traumatic events stick with us long after the 
original shock. The conscious and unconscious memory can remain in 
our nervous system for months, years, or even for the rest of our lives. 
If we have not shaken it off, we can suffer from recurring inappropriate 
behaviors and ongoing physical symptoms of stress and shutdown. 
Abnormal reactions to certain stimuli can occur because we once had 
a traumatic experience involving them. The psychological trigger causing 
a stress or shutdown reaction can be quite specific. The memory of the 
event sits like an unexploded land mine, waiting to be metaphorically 
stepped on by a soldier, or perhaps years later by an unsuspecting child. 
The reaction is triggered because something reminds us, consciously or 
unconsciously, of whatever traumatized us before. 
EFTA00810063
--- PAGE 98 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
The Story of Antaeus 
The struggle between Antaeus and Heracles was a favorite subject in 
ancient and Renaissance sculpture. 
Antaeus was the son of Poseidon, god of the sea, and Demeter, goddess 
of the Earth.The Greeks believed that he lived on the edge of the desert in 
what is now Libya. Antaeus would challenge all passersby to a wrestling 
match, kill them, and then use their skulls in a temple he was building to 
his father. Antaeus defeated all opponents until he fought Hercules. 
Each time Hercules knocked him down, Antaeus got up and came back 
even stronger. Hercules quickly realized that he could not beat Antaeus by 
throwing him to the ground. He guessed the secret of Antaeus's power: 
when Antaeus came into contact with the Earth—his mother—he would 
be fortified and regain his strength. 
Realizing this, Hercules grabbed Antaeus around the waist and held 
him aloft, breaking Antaeus's connection to the ground. Hercules was 
then able to use his colossal strength to crush him in a bear hug. 
The story of Antaeus has been used to symbolize the dangers of not 
keeping ourselves grounded. Hercules displays the psychological and 
spiritual strength that accrues when, after being "upset," one becomes 
grounded again. 
QFNSING" OUR OWN BODIES 
Back in 1957, when I was sixteen and first learning how to play golf, I 
bought a book by Ben Hogan, one of the greatest early American pro-
fessional golf champions. The book was Ben Hogatt's Five Lessons: The 
Modern Fundamentals of Golf.21 Hogan wrote, "If you want to hit a good 
drive, if you are right-handed, just keep your awareness on the little finger 
of your left hand as you swing the club." 
Before I read that, I had tried to hit the ball as hard as I could, or to 
bring the club down as fast as I could. I did not understand what Ben 
Hogan wrote, but I tried it. And every time I remembered to sense that 
little finger, I got more distance when I hit the ball. Another result was 
EFTA00810064
--- PAGE 99 ---
Neuroception and Faulty Neuroception 
that the ball went straight, toward the green almost every time. This was 
my first experience with the power of sensing my body. 
Today there are many systems, including Pilates, yoga, martial arts, and 
mindfulness meditations, that help restore people to their sense of their 
body. If my clients have such a way of sensing their body, I ask them to 
use that. If not, I teach them an approach to help them do this. 
The skin of the face is innervated by cranial nerve V, and the muscles 
of the face are innervated by CN VII. Light stroking of the face often calms 
us and helps us out of a state of stress. People very often unconsciously 
do this for themselves. 
If I am giving them a massage, I can ask them to keep their attention 
on where my hands are touching their body. This is especially important 
for people in a state of withdrawal and dissociation—getting them back 
into a sense of their body becomes my first priority. I do not actually 
need to do anything. In that moment, when I have my hands on them, I 
am not trying to fix things or bring about any changes in their muscu-
loskeletal structure. I am not relaxing a muscle, freeing the movement 
in a joint, adjusting the spine, or releasing connective tissue. Instead, my 
hands remain at the same place. 
It is enough for me as the therapist to simply place my hands on the 
client's body, lightly touching the skin. Then I ask the client to "come to 
my hands with your awareness?' At first, it can take some time for clients to 
clear their mind sufficiently of mental or emotional clutter in order to sim-
ply sense where their body is and what is going on in it. Therefore, I repeat 
the process several times. This is a simple way of helping clients to use 
their own sensing as a resource to get them grounded in their own body. 
When I ask them to sense their body, I can take the same opportunity 
to sense my own body; I like to open my awareness to sense my own feet 
or hands, further grounding myself at the same time. 
Sensing our own bodies and staying grounded helps us to remain in 
a ventral vagal state. Awareness of our body can help us avoid getting 
carried away by emotions that can lead to faulty neuroception. 
EFTA00810065
--- PAGE 100 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00810066
--- PAGE 101 ---
CHAPTER 4 
Testing the Ventral Branch of 
the Vagus Nerve 
Simple Evaluation from Facial Observation 
According to Stephen Forges, social engagement requires the ability to 
both look and listen. When you are talking with someone, you can sense 
whether or not he is socially engaged by how much he looks at you, how 
well he listens to you, and how well he can understand what you are saying. 
You can determine whether the person is looking and listening by reading 
the muscles of his face. Does the person look at your face and make eye 
contact with you, at least some of the time? Are his eyes open? Can he hear 
and understand what you are saying? 
The muscles of the face are organized around the openings of the eyes, 
the nostrils, and the mouth. (See "Facial muscles" in the Appendix.) When 
these flat, round muscles tighten, they close the skin around the openings. 
Flat, rectangular muscles attach to the round muscles and can pull them 
more open, allowing more light to enter the eyes, more smells to enter the 
nose, and more air to enter the mouth. When we react emotionally, our 
facial expression changes as we open or close these openings. 
Does the other person have slightly raised eyebrows, and are the eyes 
relaxed and open? The flat, round muscle that surrounds the eye is called 
the orbicularis oculi. (Orbicularis designates a muscle around a facial 
opening; oath means related to the eyes.) By tightening this muscle, we 
close the opening around the eye, cutting down the amount of light in 
the same way that a shutter in an old reflex camera reduces the amount 
of light coming through the lens to the film. 
We tighten this muscle to squint when we are exposed to bright light, 
when we wish to cut down on visual input, when there is something 
EFTA00810067
--- PAGE 102 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
that we do not want to see emotionally, or when we want to withdraw 
from external sensory stimuli and contemplate our own thoughts. When 
we tighten this muscle, we move away from current visual stimuli, away 
from the here and now. We may remember events from the past, visualize 
future possibilities, or enter into a state of meditation. 
When the flat, rectangular-shaped muscles above and below the orbi-
cularis ocuii are tense, they pull the orbicularis oculi more open, allowing 
much more light to come in. These muscles tense when we encounter 
something that is an "eye-opener." Physical tension in these flat rectan-
gular muscles is an integral part of the emotional expression of surprise. 
It improves our sensory intake and helps us be more present to what is 
happening around us. 
Strangely enough, when our eyes are more open, we can also hear 
better—there is a neurological connection between the nerves involved 
in sight and hearing. At a lecture, some people open their eyes slightly 
more in order to better hear what is being said. 
When you make eye contact with another person, look for spontane-
ous facial expression in the middle third of her face (between the bottom 
of her eyes and the top of her mouth). The small movements here are an 
indication of social engagement (or lack of it) and the flexibility of her 
emotional responses. 
There are two kinds of facial expression: those that we put on to show 
someone else what we feel, and those that occur without our consciously 
"making a face:' We can categorize the latter into three types, depending 
on how long they last. 
The first type of unconscious facial expression is the pattern of chronic 
tension, which is more or less permanent, etched into our faces with deep 
wrinkles and indicative of our characteristic emotional state. 
The second pattern, of emotional tension, is less permanent and 
expresses our current mood. This pattern of facial tensions remains for 
a while—as long as a mood lasts, and generally long enough for someone 
else to get an impression of how we are feeling. 
In the third kind of emotional expression, the facial muscles located 
in the band between the eyes and mouth change tension rapidly, up to 
EFTA00810068
--- PAGE 103 ---
Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
several times a second. We can usually see these spontaneous micro-
changes of expression in a baby or child. It is more rare to notice these 
changes in adults, as we are more locked into our sense of identity or 
moods. When these rapid changes are seen, they are too fast for us to read 
cognitively in order to say definitively that the facial expression indicates 
a certain emotion, but the fact that these spontaneous movements are 
there gives us a sense nonetheless that the person is open and without fear. 
We can experience these rapid changes of facial expression when two 
people who feel safe with each other make eye contact, look at each other, 
and allow their feelings to flow without censoring or trying to control 
them. This is a reflection of the ideal state of openness, when our facial 
emotional expressions change as quickly as our thoughts. It is far differ-
ent from a put-on smile, as when posing for a photo, where we almost 
grimace in an attempt to show positive feelings. 
Can you see a flow of emotions on someone else's face—slight, rapidly 
changing, mercurial facial movements showing he feels happy, satisfied, 
angry, irritated, afraid, anxious, sad, or depressed—or is his face flat and 
unchanging, stuck in one emotional expression? Does he have melodic 
changes (prosody) in his vocal expression when he speaks? Or is his voice 
flat, with words spoken in a monotone? 
We tend to think of people as unchanging identities. However, their 
interactions with other people are affected by their mood, which is 
affected by the state of their autonomic nervous system at that moment. 
People in a stress state might look at us in a menacing way, and their 
attitude might be aggressive. They might not listen to what is being said. 
They can be prone to react to a single word, to fly off the handle and 
interrupt us in the middle of a sentence. Often we may need to correct 
them: "But that is not what I said!" 
People in fear will avoid eye contact with us, or make eye contact for 
only a split second and then look away. Their breathing might be shallow, 
lifting only the ribs of their upper chest, and they might hold their breath 
after the inbreath. 
People in a depressed state will tip their heads forward or let their 
heads hang, with an expressionless face. They move slowly, indicating a 
EFTA00810069
--- PAGE 104 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
lack of energy. They have no enthusiasm, and do not want to engage in 
conversation. Sometimes, before a depressed person does or says some-
thing, she will breathe out or sigh. 
OTHER TESTS OF VAGAL FUNCTION 
In my clinic, in addition to observing aspects such as these, I like to 
start all my treatments by testing for function of the ventral vagus nerve 
branch. If a client exhibits some of the symptoms that I describe as the 
"heads of the Hydra" (see list at the beginning of Part One), and if testing 
her indicates ventral vagal dysfunction, it's often possible to improve the 
person's condition by using the exercises and techniques described in 
Part Two. 
Then, after the client does the Basic Exercise, or after I treat her with 
my hands, I test again for ventral vagal function to be sure that we have 
achieved the desired results. This information is useful in a clinical setting; 
the procedure described below in a later section of this chapter, which 
makes it possible to evaluate our own ventral vagal function, is also useful 
for self-diagnosis and self-care as well as helping others. 
In addition to looking at the back of the throat and having the per-
son say "ah-ah-ah," as I describe later, I sometimes use another test that 
is useful if I am testing a young child, an autistic individual, or others 
in extenuating circumstances. For example, if I have a class of second 
graders, it might start them all laughing if they see me looking into a 
classmate's throat with a little flashlight and asking her to say "ah-ah-ah." 
This other test is based on the observation by Mayer, Traube, and 
Hering in the late nineteenth century that the pulse and blood pres-
sure should be faster and stronger on the inbreath than on the outbreath 
(assuming good function of the ventral vagus nerve). As you gain expe-
rience treating many people, you can get a sense that one person has a 
greater difference than someone else. You might also observe that the dif-
ference is greater after she has done the Basic Exercise than it was before. 
EFTA00810070
--- PAGE 105 ---
Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
It is my experience that people who have a greater difference between 
the pulses during their inbreaths and outbreaths are usually more robust 
and healthy, both physically and psychologically. 
However, these tests that I use in my clinic have limitations for pur-
poses of scientific research. They are subjectively based on my personal 
observations, which only show whether or not the ventral branch of the 
vagus nerve is functional; they do not quantify the level of vagal function, 
which can be higher in one person than in another. Other options for 
testing for vagal function are described below. 
Objectively Evaluating Vagal Function 
through Heart Rate Variability (HRV) 
In scientific research on the autonomic nervous system, there is increas-
ing awareness of heart rate variability, which may offer us another way to 
assess vagal nerve function. 
When our nervous system is functioning optimally and we are socially 
engaged, there are differences in the length of time between consecutive 
heartbeats, resulting from the natural rise and fall of the heart rate in 
response to breathing, blood pressure, hormones, and emotions. Heart 
rate variability (HRV) is the measurement of these differences. Greater 
variation in the time intervals is designated as high HRV. 
HRV can be used as an indicator of general health." It represents one 
of the most promising evaluative tools to measure autonomic nervous 
system activity." When the ventral branch of the vagus nerve functions 
properly, heart rate variability is high. There is a growing amount of 
research correlating high HRV with health and longevity? 
On the other hand, when there is a reduced level of function in the 
ventral vagus, the person's autonomic nervous system reverts to either a 
stress state or a state of dorsal vagal activity, as described in the previous 
chapter. In this case, differences in the time intervals between heartbeats 
are smaller or nonexistent, and this is designated as low HRV. 
A growing body of scientific studies shows a correlation between low 
heart rate variability and various psychological/psychiatric problems. 
EFTA00810071
--- PAGE 106 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
For example, HRV is related to emotional states, and has been found to 
decrease under conditions of acute time pressure, post-traumatic stress, 
emotional strain, and elevated state anxiety.26 Individuals reporting a 
greater frequency and duration of daily worry are found to have a lower 
HRV."." 
Low HRV is apparently also related to a lack of ability to concentrate, 
and to motor inhibition, both of which are symptoms commonly found 
in children with ADHD.39 There is also a link between post-traumatic 
stress disorder and low heart rate variability." 
In terms of physical health, it is hypothesized that low HRV is an indi-
cator of less favorable health in general." A range of adverse health con-
ditions may be associated with lower HRV: obesity, diabetic neuropathy, 
activity of the dorsal branch of the vagus nerve, susceptibility to sudden 
infant death syndrome (SIDS), and poor survival rates in premature babies. 
People suffering from obesity generally have lower HRV." While we 
might assume that overweight people eat too much, exercise too little, and 
lack the motivation to change their behavior, some overweight people go 
on a diet and almost starve themselves with little improvement in their 
weight. Some people wanting to lose weight work with a psychologist or 
hypnotherapist to change their self-image. I cannot help but speculate: 
what if their program for weight loss included evaluation of their HRV, 
and improvement of their social engagement nervous system with the 
Basic Exercise? 
Many people with sexual dysfunction seek help from their medi-
cal doctor or advice from a psychiatrist or psychologist. A recent study 
sheds some light on women's sexual dysfunction, indicating that it may 
be closely linked to their heart rate variability." There are studies that 
draw a similar conclusion regarding erectile dysfunction in men, noting 
that "general imbalance of the autonomic nervous system is one of the 
causes of erectile dysfunction."" 
Studies of HRV have shown that low HRV was found in people with 
heart damage," and it has been associated with increased risk of coronary 
heart disease.9° Reduced HRV also appears to be a predictor of mortality 
after myocardial infarction (heart attack)." 
EFTA00810072
--- PAGE 107 ---
Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
Low HRV correlates with early death from several causes in addition 
to heart problems, such as COPD. In the United States in 2014, COPD 
was the third most common cause of death after heart disease and 
cancer." Breathing patterns other than normal diaphragmatic breathing 
indicate lower levels of physical and psychological health, and there is a 
relationship between diaphragmatic breathing and higher levels of heart 
rate variability." In my clinic, I have found that clients with a diagnosis 
of COPD have very little movement in their respiratory diaphragm, and 
their tests do not show ventral vagal activity. 
HRV testing, it seems, may yield valuable diagnostic information, and 
can serve as a rapid screening tool to evaluate altered autonomic nervous 
system activity. 
If scientific research confirms that the state of the autonomic ner-
vous system is a factor in psychological issues, it may be interesting to 
explore the possibility of improving heart rate variability and the func-
tion of the ventral branch of the vagus nerve as a first step in treating 
psychological problems, without immediately resorting to traditional 
psychological interventions or prescription drugs. (See Chapter 6 for 
more on this topic.) 
Testing for Vagal Function: Early Experiences 
Let me emphasize the importance of testing by recollecting my practice 
in earlier days. When I started my education in craniosacral therapy, the 
teacher of the course said that if I did the fixed sequence of techniques 
that he taught, I could help people to get relief from their stress. How-
ever, he never taught us to test the physiological states of the body, so I 
wondered how he knew that these techniques worked—perhaps he had 
simply heard that from his teacher, and believed it. 
That was almost thirty years ago, before I studied with Main Gehin, 
and long before I heard about the Polyvagal Theory. The only model of 
stress we had at that time was the old understanding of the autonomic 
nervous system being in a state of either stress or relaxation. 
EFTA00810073
--- PAGE 108 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Everyone knew that chronic stress was unhealthy, and there were books 
and courses on stress management, each promising a positive, stress-free 
outcome. But none of them showed a way of testing stress physiologically. 
Today I test every patient before and after sessions; I do not put my blind 
faith in what someone else once told me about what outcome to expect 
from my treatments. 
When I did sessions based on that first course, I completed the stan-
dard sequence of techniques, and assumed that my work was finished; the 
client could no longer be stressed, and was relaxed and ready to go home. 
But I noticed that clients often had a hard time gathering then$elves after 
treatment, and they would ask if they could remain on the table for a few 
more minutes. After ten or fifteen minutes, they often still did not want 
to get up, and I would have to explain that I needed the massage table for 
my next client. They would be considerate of my needs, get up reluctantly, 
and put their shoes on. I remember some clients 
me if I thought 
that they could drive; I assured them that it was okay. 
When they came for their next appointment, they sometimes told 
me that they were so relaxed after their last session that they had to pull 
off to the side of the road and shut their eyes to nap for a few minutes. 
Sometimes they even pulled over two or three times. They enthusiastically 
commented that this was great because they had been "so relaxed?" Even 
on the next day, they often did not want to get out of bed and go to work. 
Today, looking back, I realize that my sessions had left them in a dor-
sal vagal state. They were not relaxed, but instead were dissociated and 
exhibiting depressive behavior. Nowadays, I am careful to address ventral 
vagal function during a session, and test it again afterward, in order to 
make sure that they can be socially engaged when they depart. I make 
sure that they leave my office calm but at the same time alert and able to 
function, in a state of neither stress nor dorsal vagal activity. Testing the 
state of the autonomic nervous system before and after a session provides 
a great perspective if you are a body therapist, psychologist, or any other 
kind of health care provider. 
EFTA00810074
--- PAGE 109 ---
Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
Discovering the Polyvagal Theory 
In the early 1980s, I began to notice that many of my clinical clients 
who had asthma also had vagal dysfunction. When I helped them to 
improve their vagal function, their symptoms of asthma were reduced 
or disappeared. 
I found this interesting—perhaps people with asthma could be helped 
by hands-on treatment to improve their ventral vagal function rather 
than relying on prescription medications, which are expensive and often 
have negative side effects. I hope someday to do a scientific study based 
on these experiences. 
At the time, I used a method of testing vagal function that was based 
on early concepts of heart rate variability: I monitored the pulse and 
blood pressure of my clients, and correlated these with their breathing. 
I learned this method from my Rolfing teachers, Michael Salveson and 
Gad Ohlgren, in 1982-83. My teachers had learned it from Peter Levine,4° 
a leading teacher and author in the field of trauma therapy. Peter in turn 
had been inspired by Stephen Porges; Peter and Stephen have a friend-
ship that goes back several decades. Michael and Peter were also part of 
a small study group of Rolfers and other body therapists in Berkeley, 
California, in the early 1980s that focused on the function of the auto-
nomic nervous system. 
The method I used involved observation of the breath and pulse. If 
our pulse is faster on the inbreath and slower on the outbreath, this indi-
cates good ventral vagal function. The greater the difference, the better 
the ventral vagal function. I monitored this by putting a finger over an 
artery in the client's wrist while at the same time observing the pattern 
of her breathing. The idea behind this method goes back to studies on 
the autonomic nervous system from the 1890s, with the discovery of 
variability in blood pressure described as Traube-Hering-Mayer waves. 
Although this method was useful in my clinic for my own personal 
evaluation, it left a lot to be desired in terms of scientific research. I had no 
objective measurement of vagal function—just my subjective impression 
based on what I felt under my fingers and saw with my eyes. For scientific 
EFTA00810075
--- PAGE 110 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
purposes, of course, it is preferable to measure more precisely. Today there 
are many instruments available to measure vagal function!' 
Back in 2002, I wanted to ask Stephen Porges (whom I had not yet 
met) to help me develop a research project investigating my successful 
hands-on treatment for asthma. Several clients had come to me with 
breathing difficulties and diagnoses of asthma. When I tested these clients 
before their first session (using a method of diagnosing the function of 
the vagus nerve that I had learned in my Rolfing class), I noticed that 
they all had vagal dysfunction. But after my hands-on treatments, they 
all tested positive for vagal function. At the same time, their symptoms of 
asthma disappeared, and their breathing normalized. I was hoping that 
Stephen could assist me in developing a scientifically acceptable method 
of measuring this. 
I asked Jim Oschman,42 a scientist friend of mine, if he knew Stephen 
and could introduce me to him. Luckily, on my next trip to the United 
States to visit my family in Philadelphia, Stephen Porges was giving a lec-
ture in Baltimore for the American Association of Body Psychotherapists. 
Jim was in Washington, DC, and all three of us were able to meet at the 
Baltimore conference and have dinner together. 
I told Stephen about my idea for doing a research project on treating 
asthma, and I asked if he could help me measure autonomic nervous 
system function before and after my treatments. Rather than supplying 
information on where I could get the hardware and software, as I had 
hoped, he changed the subject and told us about his Polyvagal Theory. It 
was new to me, but it sounded interesting. The next morning, Jim and I 
had breakfast with Stephen, and he told us more about the theory. 
Later that morning, Stephen gave the keynote speech at the confer-
ence. His theme was the Polyvagal Theory, this time illustrated with slides. 
After hearing Stephen describe the theory for the third time in less than 
twenty-four hours, I began to truly grasp it. 
He presented video documentaries showing some of the improve-
ments in communication and behavior in autistic children who had taken 
part in his research, which he calls "The Listening Project Protocori 
EFTA00810076
--- PAGE 111 ---
Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
(further described in Chapter 7). The children had received five daily 
forty-five-minute treatments for five days, consisting of listening to 
unique computer-distorted music through special headphones. The 
result was that more than half of the subjects no longer reported audi-
tory hyperacusis, and many started to engage spontaneously in two-way 
verbal communication, and became more social. 
The video showed the children's interaction with an adult who tried 
to engage them in playful activity that fit their age group—the therapist 
was blowing soap bubbles. Before the music-listening sessions, one child 
was hyperactive, could not sit still, ran around in circles, and showed no 
interest in either the adult or the bubbles. Another child was sitting pas-
sively, with her chin drooping on her chest. By contrast, she seemed to 
be collapsed, alone in her own world, and did not appear to notice the 
bubbles or the adult. 
After their fifth listening sessions, both children looked engaged and 
behaved more naturally. The formerly hyperactive child stood in front 
of the adult, made eye contact, and played with the soap bubbles. The 
child who had been shut down appeared to wake from her stupor, related 
playfully to the adult, and started to play with the soap bubbles as well. 
The children smiled, laughed, had light in their eyes, and were in a play-
ful, relaxed, and open state. 
This is an incredible accomplishment, given the fact that until then no 
one had developed a scientifically verified procedure for helping autistic 
people improve their communication skills and become more social. The 
Listening Project Protocol points to a potential for effectively addressing 
this symptom of autism. 
I was not the only one who was amazed. The room was filled with 
150 therapists. After seeing the impact of this intervention on the two 
children, there was not a dry eye in the house. 
At that time, I had no experience treating children on the autism spec-
trum. I thought about patients I had treated over the years. Many had 
come to my clinic in a state of stress or dorsal vagal withdrawal, and had 
left smiling, with light in their eyes and apparently at peace with them-
selves. This indicated to me that our sessions had been effective. 
EFTA00810077
--- PAGE 112 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
I believed that I had the means to bring about similar changes in 
autistic clients with a protocol of techniques from biomechanical cranio-
sacral therapy. However, before hearing Stephen Porges's lecture, I did 
not have a psycho-physiological model to explain the changes. Also, I 
realized that my previous model of the autonomic nervous system was 
limited to states of either stress or relaxation. My model did not include 
the idea of"shutdown," or any state characterized by activity of the dorsal 
vagal branch; it did not even distinguish between the ventral and dorsal 
branches of the vagus nerve. 
I came away from Stephen's lecture inspired, and my interest shifted 
from doing research on treating asthma with craniosacral therapy to 
exploring the possibility of treating children on the autism spectrum. 
I also had a new understanding of how the autonomic nervous system 
functions. It was no longer a question of improving just vagal function, 
but improving the function of the four other cranial nerves also essential 
for social engagement. I have spent the many years since then studying 
and applying the Polyvagal Theory in my clinical practice and in my 
teaching. 
When I went home to Denmark, I could not set up a lab to do the kind 
of testing that Porges had done, and I did not have access to his process 
of testing and acoustic stimulation. But I decided to work with certain 
clients on the autism spectrum using my new knowledge of the Polyvagal 
Theory and my hands-on skills from biomechanical craniosacral therapy, 
which include techniques for improving the function of the five cranial 
nerves necessary for social engagement. 
My hope was that, by using those techniques and improving the func-
tion of those nerves, I could also help some of these people improve their 
ability to communicate, thus making it possible for them to engage more 
fully in social behavior. 
My treatments resulted in better functioning for most of my autistic 
clients. They did become more communicative and went from states of 
isolation to becoming more socially responsive. Although I used a dif-
ferent therapeutic approach from that of Stephen Porges, I based my 
treatments on his Polyvagal Theory. 
EFTA00810078
--- PAGE 113 ---
Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
It took several years to reach a point where I realized the importance of 
testing everyone, even after hearing about the Polyvagal Theory. At first I 
measured vagal function only when I had a difficult patient and felt frus-
trated with a lack of results; I was slow to incorporate it for all my clients. 
When I gave a myofascial release treatment but did not get the result 
I expected, I would hit a wall—these techniques usually worked, so why 
not this time? So I worked harder, repeating the same technique again and 
again, and giving my clients extra time for their sessions. Even with that, 
my efforts still did not give the results that I wanted, and I became more 
and more frustrated and unsatisfied at the end of a session. 
Testing for vagal function gave me a chance to realize that my failures 
were not due to my lack of judgment in choosing that technique, or skill 
at performing it, but rather to a lack of receptivity in the client's nervous 
system. In these cases, information about the state of their autonomic 
nervous system helped me understand why I did not get the results I 
had attained with most of my other clients who had well-functioning 
autonomic nervous systems. 
With this realization, I no longer questioned my ability as a therapist 
when I had a difficult case; the shortcoming was not in me or my 
technique, but was due to the unreceptive state of the client's autonomic 
nervous system. What would happen if I had the information about their 
autonomic nervous system issues at the start of the session, and addressed 
that first? I began to do this. 
Based on my resultant clinical successes, I believe that the importance 
of testing for the function of the ventral branch of the vagus nerve cannot 
be overestimated. Whether my clients come for a Rolling session, to get 
relief from pain in their back, or to regain mobility in a frozen shoul-
der—or for any other of the health issues that I call the "heads of the 
Hydra"—the first thing that I do is test them for function of the ventral 
branch of their vagus nerve, using the pharyngeal-branch vagal function 
test described below, since my first goal as a therapist is to improve their 
vagal function. 
If I find ventral vagal dysfunction, indicating a state of either stress or 
withdrawal, I have the client do the Basic Exercise (see Part Two). Then 
EFTA00810079
--- PAGE 114 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
I test them again. Usually their vagus nerve responds as it should after 
doing this exercise once or twice. Then I proceed with specific techniques 
to complete the treatment. 
I have learned that if there is not adequate ventral vagal function, 
therapeutic interventions are less likely to stick. However, when vagal 
function is successfully restored, my clients often experience improve-
ments in other areas of their lives—not only in terms of the health issue 
that they came in with, but also at work, with their families, and in social 
relationships with others. 
Testing another person for social engagement can be valuable if you 
are working as a teacher, body therapist, psychologist, psychiatrist, or 
coach. If you are a parent about to send a child to college, it might be a 
good idea to make sure that your child has a well-functioning autonomic 
nervous system—and if not, it would be a good idea to get it functional, 
to ensure the best chance that the time and resources you and your child 
invest in the education will have a positive outcome. If you find that 
your child is in a state of stress or withdrawal, you might want to address 
that with the exercises and treatments in this book, for the best possible 
chance of success. 
Testing for Vagal Function: 
Cottingham, Porges, and Lyon 
If you are a body therapist, or do anything else to help other people with 
their health and wellness, performance, or interactions with others, you 
might find that the state of their autonomic nervous system will predict 
how successful your efforts will be. 
Stephen Porges, together with John Cottingham and Todd Lyon, both 
Rolfers, published the results of a 1988 research project in the journal 
Physical Therapy" They demonstrated that evaluation of the autonomic 
nervous system can be an accurate predictor of the level of success in a 
hands-on therapy session. Over the years, I have found that the implica-
tions of this study go far beyond body therapy, and are relevant in all 
interactions. 
EFTA00810080
--- PAGE 115 ---
Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
The three did a scientific experiment on a group of men in which 
they tested the state of the autonomic nervous system and how it related 
to the level of positive results from a myofascial release technique used 
in Rolfing. 
John Cottingham administered a Rolfing technique called a "pelvic 
lift" to each of the study participants. The pelvic lift is used to balance the 
sacrum at the end of Rolfing sessions, in order to incorporate and bal-
ance changes to the connective tissue from various releases that occurred 
during the session. 
In the pelvic lift technique, the client lies face-up on a massage table. 
The Rolfer slides a hand under the client's sacrum and contacts the bone. 
With the client's weight resting on the palm of their hand, the Rolfer 
creates a slight, steady, gentle traction toward the client's feet. When the 
pelvic lift works as intended, the muscles of the back relax, the spine 
lengthens, and vertebral alignment is improved. The pelvic lift should 
leave the client with better posture, greater flexibility in the lumbar spine, 
and an increased sense of well-being. 
For the purposes of the study, in order to keep the intervention as 
uniform as possible for all of the subjects, John Cottingham was the only 
therapist, administering the same technique to all the subjects. 
John measured the effects of his technique by testing the flexibility of 
the spine before and after the pelvic lift. The subjects started in a relaxed 
standing posture, and then curled forward into spinal flexion. John mea-
sured how close their fingertips came to touching the floor, both before 
and afterward, to determine whether the subject was more flexible, the 
same, or less flexible after the pelvic lift. John asked them how they felt, 
and what they experienced as a result of receiving the pelvic lift. Even 
with the same therapist doing the same technique, there was a wide range 
of responses. 
From a first glance at the findings, it appeared that the younger men 
generally had a more positive gain from the technique compared with 
the older men, showing an increased range of movement when they bent 
over the second time. They reported that receiving a pelvic lift had been an 
enjoyable experience, and they were in a better mood after the intervention. 
EFTA00810081
--- PAGE 116 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
The older group had quite different results. In spite of John's training, 
skills, and positive intention, his efforts with many of the older men were 
not especially successful. Many became stiffer and actually lost some of 
their range of movement; when they curled forward and tried to touch 
their toes, their fingers were further from the floor than before the treat-
ment. Many reported that they did not feel as good after the technique, 
and their mood had changed for the worse. A few were noticeably grump-
ier and more irritable. 
It would be easy to conclude that Rolfing simply works better for 
younger men than for older men. But the researchers were interested 
in relating the results of the technique to a factor other than age. They 
discovered that the state of the autonomic nervous system was a relevant 
indicator in predicting the success of the outcome. 
Before the treatments in the experiment, John measured the subjects' 
heart rate variability (HRV). He attached sensors to their skin and ran 
these wires to a vagal-tone monitor stationed in another room. With 
this setup, he was able to precisely record changes in the beating of their 
hearts, and to correlate them to individual breaths. 
John was not able to see the HRV measurements while carrying out 
the technique. He had no knowledge of which subjects had high levels of 
heart rate variability and which had low levels, so this knowledge could 
not prejudice the way that he performed the treatments. Most of the 
younger subjects, and some of the older men, had reasonably high heart 
rate variability. By contrast, a higher percentage of the older men and 
only a few of the younger men had low HRV. 
When Cottingham, Porges, and Lyon reviewed the data, they saw a 
closer relationship between high heart rate variability and a desirable 
outcome from the treatment than there was between age and outcome. 
In other words, the success of the treatment appeared to be more closely 
related to the state of the autonomic nervous system than to age. This is 
a key point, discussed further below. 
Measuring heart rate variability with a vagal tone monitor can be 
useful in scientific research where you need a quantifiable measurement. 
EFTA00810082
--- PAGE 117 ---
Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
However, there are other ways to evaluate vagal function in a clinical 
setting that do not require special equipment and take less time. For many 
years, I have used some of these other methods and found them to be 
sufficient for my own purposes in my clinic. 
A Simple Test of the Pharyngeal Vagus Branch 
The ventral vagus nerve has several branches. Below is a test for the 
function of one of these, called the pharyngeal branch, which inner-
vates the part of the throat immediately behind the nasal cavity and the 
mouth, above the esophagus and larynx. Nerve fibers from the pharyngeal 
branch of the vagus go to the soft palate and to the pharynx. This nerve 
is involved with swallowing and making vocal sounds. 
The Greek physician Claudius Galen was the first extant writer to 
describe the pharyngeal branch of the vagus nerve, noting that it provided 
motor nerve function for the muscles in the larynx, which produce the 
voice. He learned this by examining a gladiator who had been wounded in 
the neck and had lost his voice; Galen found that the pharyngeal branch 
of his vagus nerve had been severed on one side of his neck. To test the 
validity of his observations, he did an experiment on pigs, whose anatomy 
is quite similar to human beings. He found that cutting the pharyngeal 
nerve on pigs would stop their squealing. 
After trying various ways of testing the ventral branch of the vagus 
nerve, I eventually chose this method focusing on its pharyngeal branch. 
It has been described in some of the older textbooks on anatomy and 
physiology, and it is still taught in medical schools in Denmark. Main 
Gehin also taught this method of testing for vagus function by looking at 
the back of the throat. It has been a great asset in terms of my own work 
with craniosacral therapy. 
This test evaluates the movement of one of the muscles innervated by 
the pharyngeal branch, called the levator yell palatini muscle. From my 
experience, I find that the condition of this branch is a good indicator of 
the function of other branches of the ventral vagus nerve as well. 
EFTA00810083
--- PAGE 118 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Improving the function of the pharyngeal branch of the vagus nerve 
improves the function of the respiratory diaphragm. When this test shows 
a dysfunction of the levator veli palatini muscle, I usually also observe that 
the client's breathing is irregular, somewhat rapid, and not especially deep. 
Then, after the client does the Basic Exercise and this branch becomes 
functional again, I observe that breathing has improved, becoming deeper 
and slower. 
I explain to my clients the importance of proper function in the ven-
tral branch of their vagus nerve. I show them drawings, and I explain what 
I am looking for in terms of movement of their soft palate at the back 
of their throat. Most of my clients like the idea that I test vagal function, 
treat them, and then test vagal function again; they like the fact that their 
autonomic nervous system can be evaluated, and if the ventral branch 
of their vagus nerve has been dysfunctional, that it can be shown to be 
brought back into proper function. 
How to Test for Pharyngeal Ventral Branch Function 
Ask the person to sit comfortably in a chair. Then stand in front of him and 
ask him to open his mouth so that you can see the back of his throat. You 
will need to see the uvula (the small bulb-shaped structure that hangs 
down in the back of the throat) and the soft-tissue arches on either side of 
it. Sometimes you can see these sufficiently with normal light; otherwise, 
you will need to use a small flashlight. (The flashlight app on an iPhone 
is perfect for this.) 
If the person's tongue is blocking your view of the uvula and arches, 
ask him to place one of his fingers on the back of his tongue and push 
it down onto the floor of his mouth. Then you should be able to see the 
soft palate more easily. (Medical doctors use a tongue depressor for this, 
but that makes some people gag, and I have never had a client gag using 
his own finger.) 
See the Appendix for a series of drawings of the uvula. In "Uvula 2,"the 
arches of the soft palate are lifted on both sides by properly functioning 
levator veil palotini muscles. In "Uvula 3; one side is lifted and the other is 
EFTA00810084
--- PAGE 119 ---
Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
not; this indicates dysfunction of the ventral branch of the vagus nerve 
on the side that is not lifted. 
In these drawings, you can see the !evertor veil palatini muscles embed-
ded in the soft tissue, one on either side of the uvula. These muscles 
are innervated by motor fibers of the pharyngeal branch of the vagus 
nerve. When they contract, they lift the arches of the soft palate. They 
are also attached to the auditory (Eustachian) tube between the ears and 
throat, and pull on it during the act of swallowing. This is why the ears 
sometimes"pop"with swallowing, as air moves into the middle-ear cavity 
and pressure is equalized. 
When we swallow, these muscles should contract, elevating the soft 
palate and allowing food to go into the esophagus en route to the stom-
ach, while at the same time preventing food from entering the larynx 
and lungs. These muscles should also contract when someone makes the 
sound-all:A well-trained singer will use this muscle to lift the back of the 
throat before singing the first note of a phrase. 
In order to test vagal function, I ask the other person to say, "ah-ah-
ah-ah-ah" while I observe the arches on either side of the uvula. These 
sounds should be percussive and staccato—short, distinct bursts of 
sound in quick succession, and not a long, drawn-out "aaaaaaaaahhhh: 
which does not create the desired effect. If there is good function in the 
pharyngeal branch of the ventral vagus nerve on both the right and left 
sides, these muscles tighten symmetrically with a clear impulse when the 
person makes the sounds"ah-ah-ah-ah-ah: lifting the arches of the soft 
palate equally on both sides. 
If, on the other hand, there is dysfunction of the pharyngeal branch of 
the ventral branch of the vagus nerve on one side, the nerve impulses do 
not innervate the levotor veil palotini muscle on that side, and the arch in 
the soft palate on that side does not lift when the person says "all: 
This test for ventral vagal function has profound implications. As 
mentioned, if we are in a state of fear, there is activity in one of these other 
two circuits of the autonomic nervous system, and we can suffer from 
any of the conditions I referred to as the "heads of the Hydra:' Stephen 
EFTA00810085
--- PAGE 120 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Porges introduced the idea of the "vagal brake"—the inhibitory effect 
of ventral vagus activity on spinal sympathetic and dorsal vagal activity. 
What if we then came to feel safe? What if we restored activity in our 
ventral vagal circuit instead of our spinal sympathetic chain or dorsal 
vagal branch? 
The exercises and treatments in this book can move someone out of 
states of stress or shutdown and into a ventral vagal state. After someone 
does the self-help exercises or receives the hands-on treatments in this 
book, you should be able to observe improvement when you test again—
the soft palate and the uvula should now lift symmetrically on both sides. 
The "Trap Squeeze Test" is another test that I use to test for the func-
tion of the ventral vagus nerve branch. This test and its implications are 
described in Chapter 5. It is perfect to use with children, or with any-
one on the autistic spectrum who might have difficulty following your 
instructions. 
Therapists Can Test for Vagal Function 
without Touching 
In January 2008, I co-taught a seminar together with Stephen Porges 
in Santa Fe, New Mexico, for a large group of psychologists and body 
therapists. Stephen began the seminar, and everyone was inspired by his 
presentation of the Polyvagal Theory, recognizing its possibilities as a 
model for understanding the difference between normal and abnormal 
human behavior. 
Psychologists interact verbally with their clients and are regulated 
by laws governing their professional behavior. In most states in the 
United States, they are not allowed to touch their clients; doing so would 
be grounds for losing their license. My work with clients, however, is 
primarily "hands-on," for body therapists who want to learn how to use 
their hands to treat their client in this way. 
The night before I lectured to this group, I wondered, "These psy-
chologists cannot touch their clients. How can I give them something 
EFTA00810086
--- PAGE 121 ---
Testing the Ventral Branch of the Vagus Nerve 
that they can take home and use in their clinical practice?" I slept on 
the question, and the next morning, when I woke up, I had an answer: 
they could diagnose the state of the client's autonomic nervous system 
by looking at the back of the throat while the client makes the sound 
"ah-ah-ah-ah-ah" (as described in the section above). 
I provided each of the seminar participants with a small flashlight 
to enable them to look at the back of someone's throat. In a practice 
session during the course, they experimented with testing other semi-
nar attendees. The point was for them to learn how to tell whether or 
not their clients were socially engaged, both before and after their ver-
bal interventions—such testing might help them to better understand 
the behavior and emotional state of their client from a Polyvagal per-
spective. They could also evaluate whether their clients needed work to 
improve the function of their autonomic nervous system and, just as 
importantly, whether their intervention was successful in terms of the 
Polyvagal Theory. The possibility of testing before and after a session 
caught their interest. 
I told them about my work with body therapy, and the research done by 
Porges, Cottingham, and Lyon described above. I raised the possibility of 
a psychologist having clients use their own hands to perform a technique 
that could facilitate a change in their autonomic nervous system, bringing 
them from a state of chronic spinal sympathetic or dorsal vagal activity 
into a state of social engagement. 
If Stephen Porges's vagal brake can be brought into play—if a psy-
chologist can get a client's ventral vagal branch to function properly,"put-
ting the brake on" sympathetic or dorsal vagal activity and their harmful 
consequences—what effects might this have on the behavior, emotions, 
and thoughts of the client? Since the ventral branch of the vagus nerve 
inhibits dorsal vagal or spinal sympathetic activity, bringing about a ven-
tral vagal state may be effective in addressing conditions often diagnosed 
as stress or depression. 
Although in my clinic I utilized a hands-on protocol to bring my cli-
ents into a state of social engagement, I reasoned that a psychologist who 
understood the Polyvagal Theory could use its principles to teach clients 
EFTA00810087
--- PAGE 122 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
to achieve similar results using their own hands. Such an approach would 
also give clients the possibility of helping themselves in the future, after 
the session, to regulate their own autonomic nervous system as needed. 
This was the origin of the Basic Exercise. (See Part Two for instructions 
for doing this simple exercise.) 
This was the first time that I had taught this exercise to anyone, and 
naturally I was curious whether or not it would work. There were about 
sixty psychologists in the group, and half of them had shown vagal dys-
function when tested prior to doing the exercise. (Their partners in the 
practice session never touched them.) After they used their own hands to 
treat themselves, they all showed restored ventral vagal function. Bringing 
about the change in their autonomic nervous systems had taken only a 
few minutes. 
After the seminar, I received an email from one of the psychologists, 
telling me that she now tested every client at the start of their sessions. If 
they had vagal dysfunction, she told them how to do the exercise. When 
she tested them again afterward, they showed ventral vagus function. This 
exercise, it appeared, successfully put her patients into a state of social 
engagement. Then she did her usual verbal psychological interventions. 
She wrote that she was thrilled by the improved results that she was now 
getting with her clients. 
When I went back to work in my own clinic, I began asking whether 
patients had physical or psychological problems. I checked them to see 
if they had ventral vagal function. Then I taught them to do the Basic 
Exercise. When they had done it a single time, I looked at the back of their 
throat again, and each and every one of them now had a well-functioning 
ventral vagus nerve. 
I would have been satisfied if I had helped 50 percent of my patients to 
a ventral vagal state, but I found that I was able to help them all. Eighty-
five out of the next eighty-five clients I tracked had a positive outcome. 
That was a good enough result for me to begin to depend on this exercise. 
Clients, furthermore, usually gave me good feedback not only at the end 
of the session but also when I saw them again in the following weeks. 
EFTA00810088
--- PAGE 123 ---
CHAPTER 5 
The Polyvagal Theory—
A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
Generally, our Western approach to medical treatment is biochemical or 
surgical. If we go to a doctor with a health problem, the doctor listens 
to our description of the problem. After a physical examination and/ 
or laboratory testing, the doctor generally makes a diagnosis, writes a 
prescription for medication, and sometimes suggests a surgical procedure. 
If we have asthma, doctors prescribe asthma medicine. If we have 
migraines, they prescribe migraine medicine. If we are having a problem 
with digestion, they prescribe a specific medicine to help a specific part 
of the digestive tract. There is a different medicine for every nameable 
condition; a well-stocked pharmacy offers thousands of medicines. 
In the conventional approach, however, doctors may be overlooking 
something. Dysfunction of the autonomic nervous system, for instance, 
may be a common factor in autism, migraines, CORD, and many other 
health problems. 
Rather than focusing on one diagnosis or condition that is treated 
by one medicine, there is a growing awareness of comorbidity. Comor-
bidity is the presence of one or more disorders or diseases co-occurring 
with a primary disease or disorder. The additional disorder(s) might be 
behavioral or psychological. 
The autonomic nervous system monitors and regulates the functioning 
of the visceral organs, and is a major contributing factor in determining 
our emotional state. However, doctors do not usually test its function; 
they do not generally consider the autonomic nervous system as a pos-
sible contributing factor, nor are they trained to explore the possibility 
of changing the state of the autonomic nervous system without using 
prescription medicines. 
EFTA00810089
--- PAGE 124 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
In my practice, I have consistently found that assisting the ventral 
branch of the vagus nerve to function properly often eliminates or 
reduces the severity of many health problems, and therefore the need for 
prescription drugs. 
I believe dysfunction of those nerves to be an underlying cause of 
many life-impairing physiological and behavioral conditions. I invite you 
to explore this approach in greater depth after reading this book. Whether 
you are a layperson, health care professional, or body therapist, I trust 
that you will find the concepts and techniques as effective as I have found 
them in my own practice. 
A Polyvagal Approach for Psychological 
and Physical Conditions 
Many people focus on the negative consequences of stress and are gener-
ally not aware of problems resulting from chronic activation of the dorsal 
branch of the vagus nerve. Activity of the dorsal vagus is characterized by a 
lack of physical energy, low blood pressure, fainting, breathing difficulties 
stemming from constriction of the airways in cases of COPD, and chronic, 
general muscle and joint pain, often diagnosed as fibromyalgia." 
As described in Chapter Two, chronic dorsal vagal activity is also a 
factor in depressive behavior, social isolation, feelings of helplessness and 
hopelessness, apathy, lack of empathy, sadness, and grief, as well as some 
cases of post-traumatic stress and many cases of anxiety. 
Prior to the Polyvagal Theory, we did not have an adequate physiologi-
cal model to understand the nature of these common problems. The new 
understanding of the autonomic nervous system set forth in the Polyvagal 
Theory provides us with a physiological model for comprehending the 
neurological factors underlying these dysfunctions. Improving the func-
tion of the ventral branch of the vagus nerve opens new possibilities for 
healing a myriad of health problems arising from chronic sympathetic-
system activation or dorsal-vagal dysfunction. 
Stephen Porges elucidated how our autonomic nervous system affects 
us mentally, physically, and emotionally. He postulated that physiological 
EFTA00810090
--- PAGE 125 ---
The Polyvagal Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
factors such as the autonomic nervous system and hormonal levels play 
a role in determining our psychological state and therefore our behavior. 
If we want to change our psychological state and behavior patterns, or 
help others change theirs, the solutions might lie in initiating changes in 
the state of the autonomic nervous system. 
The implications of Stephen Porges's theory carry the potential to 
develop and implement many new treatments. Perhaps we will not have 
to rely as much on antidepressants or other mood enhancers, which are 
expensive, often do not work as desired, and in some cases have serious 
negative side effects.° 
BUILDING ON STEPHEN PORGES'S SUCCESS 
For fifteen years before I met Stephen Porges, I had been working with 
biomechanical craniosacral therapy, a form of hands-on manipulation to 
improve the function of the cranial nerves." The biomechanical approach 
to craniosacral therapy includes tests for the function of the cranial nerves 
as well as techniques to remove restrictions in the sutures (bone junctions) 
of the cranium in order to improve the function of the cranial nerves. 
After meeting Stephen in 2002,1 developed a craniosacral therapy 
protocol by choosing several of Alain Gehin's techniques. Together these 
techniques usually establish proper function of the ventral branch of the 
vagus and the other four cranial nerves necessary for social engagement. 
I have taught this protocol to more than five hundred craniosacral thera-
pists in Denmark and Norway, and it has proven to be successful in regu-
lating their clients' autonomic nervous systems. In many cases, the positive 
results have been astounding, and there are no negative side effects. 
I would like nothing more than to be able to pass on this knowledge 
to all therapists who are interested. However, these techniques are usually 
communicated in a direct transmission between a teacher and students 
in small classes. It takes a long time for students to learn and to master 
the techniques. 
My first thought when I started to write this book was to introduce 
the Polyvagal Theory and then present a description of how to do 
EFTA00810091
--- PAGE 126 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
these techniques. However, there are major challenges in teaching these 
advanced techniques through a book, especially to people with no prior 
skills or knowledge of the craniosacral system. 
So instead I developed some new exercises and hands-on techniques 
that can achieve the same results. My criteria for choosing the exercises 
and techniques were that they must be effective for improving the func-
tion of the social engagement nervous system for most people; they must 
be easy to learn; and they must be easy to do. 
I was blessed with good intuitions—the exercises and hands-on tech-
niques that I present in this book actually do work to bring most people 
into a state of social engagement, and most people can easily learn them 
from this book. 
ALMOST EVERYONE CAN BENEFIT FROM THESE EXERCISES 
This book is mainly written for average people—not necessarily just health 
care professionals—and for anyone who has failed to find satisfactory 
solutions to their health needs within existing treatment modalities. The 
book can also be a resource for psychologists, psychiatrists,ghands-ore 
body therapists, physicians, and other health care practitioners who are 
looking for new ways to bring about positive changes in their clients. This 
approach can be used as an alternative or as complementary to other 
types of treatments. 
Many of us have a hard time affording the rising costs of medical 
treatment, or want to avoid the negative side effects that can come from 
medicines. The techniques and exercises in this book are a safe and inex-
pensive form of self-help. Once you have bought this book, the treatments 
are free! 
Warning: If you are taking medicine prescribed by a physician and 
want to reduce your dosage or stop taking the medicine entirely, please 
initiate a process of cooperation with your doctor. Do not change your 
dosage or stop taking your medicine without consulting them. 
These exercises should in no way replace medical care by a physician, 
but they will, I hope, help you to become healthier. 
EFTA00810092
--- PAGE 127 ---
The Polyvagal Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
The Healing Power of the Polyvagal Theory 
A variety of very different health issues are partly caused by vagus nerve 
dysfunction. Following are case stories of successful treatments that I have 
given for specific issues, including respiratory difficulties (such as COPD), 
migraine headaches, and autism-spectrum disorders. 
These stories give you a sense of the possibilities that the Polyvagal 
Theory opens up for health care. Later in the book, I will present other 
cases from a wider range of more general physical and psychological 
problems, including stress, depression, and various psychiatric diagnoses. 
These cases, based on my understanding of the Polyvagal Theory, involved 
the application of hands-on techniques that I used to bring about a state 
of ventral vagal activity. 
Rather than encouraging readers to rely on treatment by a therapist, 
I have developed extremely simple self-help exercises for this book that 
achieve the same results. A non-trained reader can learn most or all of the 
self-help exercises by carefully digesting the information in these pages. 
These methods of treatment are both effective and safe. You can use these 
exercises and apply these techniques to achieve similar positive results to 
help yourself and others. 
If you are a therapist in a clinical setting, you would first test the other 
person's autonomic nervous system; then you can demonstrate and teach 
the self-help exercises. Afterward, you should test again to make sure that 
you have achieved the desired changes. You can suggest that your client 
use these self-help exercises in the future if necessary. 
Relieving COPD and Hiatal Hernia 
Though many people have heard about COPD (chronic obstructive 
pulmonary disease) only relatively recently, it is one of the world's most 
common non-communicable health problems. COPD is a disease state 
characterized by chronically poor airflow, shortness of breath, and 
coughing. People with this problem cannot exert themselves physically 
and have increasing difficulty breathing. 
EFTA00810093
--- PAGE 128 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
It is currently believed that COPD has many causes, including smok-
ing and exposure to environmental toxins, in reaction to which the body 
creates a surplus of fibers that block the airways in the bronchioles and 
lungs. This blockage of the airways is assumed to be the cause of the 
individual's breathing difficulties. 
It is often difficult for those with COPD to remain actively employed 
and to maintain their previous lifestyles, so they often have difficulty 
planning ahead in terms of financial commitments. They often also have 
difficulty maintaining their activity levels outside of work, and therefore 
have a reduced quality of life." 
Although steroids and inhalers can temporarily improve breathing, the 
problems can return as soon as the medicine wears off. And inhalers and 
steroids often have negative side effects if used over a long period of time, 
so they are generally recommended for short-term use only. Furthermore, 
most people around the world with COPD cannot afford inhalers and 
steroids and therefore do not have access to them. The bottom line is that 
there is no known cure for their condition, which steadily worsens until 
they succumb to an early death. 
COPD typically worsens over time until the respiration is so limited 
that it cannot sustain life. People with COPD, accordingly, have a reduced 
life expectancy. Worldwide, COPD affects 329 million people, or nearly 5 
percent of the population, although the true prevalence may be higher due 
to underdiagnosis. In 2012, COPD ranked as the third-leading cause of death 
(after heart disease and cancer), killing more than three million people.SO 
How is it possible that, in spite of spending trillions of dollars on 
medical research every year, we are still unable to successfully treat this 
widespread illness? Are we looking for answers in the wrong places? As 
far as I know, until now there has been no known successful treatment 
for COPD. 
Perhaps there are solutions that are not based on drugs or surgery. 
From my success with the following case, among others, I have come to 
believe that many underlying problems with COPD stem from autonomic 
nervous system dysfunction, and that COPD is an example of a health 
EFTA00810094
--- PAGE 129 ---
The Polyvagal Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
issue that might be addressed successfully using the insights gained from 
the Polyvagal Theory. 
Doctors and hospitals do more elaborate and expensive testing than 
ever before, but they usually overlook evaluating the function of the 
autonomic nervous system. This is unfortunate, because patients can be 
screened quickly and inexpensively for ventral vagus branch function—
which affects many other body functions. 
Restoring the function of the vagus nerve is a key element of my 
successful treatment of COPD. In my clinic I have been able to help 
most COPD-diagnosed patients to improve their breathing in spite of 
the accepted belief in the medical community that no medical treatment 
can effectively improve a person's mechanical ventilation. 
By getting the autonomic nervous system to function better, I have 
been able to help people with a wide variety of chronic problems 
that have not been helped by other modalities of treatment, whether 
allopathic or alternative. Although I have worked with many different 
kinds of health issues, I was especially pleased by my successes in helping 
COPD-diagnosed clients to improve their breathing capacity. Through a 
combination of my hands-on treatments and their own practice of self-
help exercises, they were able to improve their breathing capacity and 
thereby increase oxygen uptake into their blood. 
COPD AND HIATAL HERNIA: A CASE STUDY 
Although I do not have the facilities to measure vital capacity accurately 
in my clinic, one of my clients who was diagnosed with COPD had been 
measured at the hospital before he started with me, and again after seven 
sessions. His vital capacity (a test for lung function) had improved from 
percent to 102 percent. (Vital capacity is measured against the aver-
age of other people of one's age group, calibrated by body weight. It is 
possible for a person to be above the average for people in the same age 
group and calibrated for weight. Therefore it is possible for a person to 
have a vital capacity of more than 100 percent.) 
EFTA00810095
--- PAGE 130 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
This client's original lung and bronchial scans showed white areas that 
the doctors assumed were a concentration of extra fibers, which were 
supposed to be part of the reason why he was not absorbing sufficient 
oxygen. My belief was that if we improved the movement of his lungs as 
he breathed, in time the extra fibers might be absorbed. I saw this client 
again recently, and his absorption of oxygen had improved by 15 percent. 
My clinic is in a building in a charming old neighborhood in Copen-
hagen. There is no elevator, and my office is one flight up. One day I was 
expecting a new client, a forty-four-year-old man with difficulty breath-
ing. He had told me in an earlier phone conversation that he had a medi-
cal diagnosis of COPD. 
When I heard a knock at the door, I opened it and saw him at the top 
of the stairs, clutching the railing tightly with one hand, gasping rapidly, 
and fighting for his next breath. He said that he had had to stop twice to 
catch his breath on the way up. 
Before he developed this problem, this man had been in great physical 
shape. He had actively participated in various sports; his special passion 
was cross-country skiing. He had just returned from a skiing vacation in 
the Swiss Alps with his two children, but this time he did not get onto 
skis; he had to sit on the terrace at the restaurant, wrapped in a blanket, 
watching them come down the slope without him. 
He told me about the several large white areas in his lung scan, indi-
cating the growth of extra fibers, which the doctors had told him were 
the cause of his difficulty breathing. I could not deny the fact that there 
were white areas on the scan, but I did not buy into their explanation that 
these fibers were the only cause of his breathing difficulties. I looked at 
his problem as a muscular-skeletal issue: if I could get his ribs and respi-
ratory diaphragm to move more normally, I was sure that his breathing 
would improve, even if scans and x-rays still showed the existence of 
those extra fibers. 
From many years of clinical experience, I had come to suspect that 
when there is a dysfunction in a visceral organ—in this case the lungs—
the cause might partly stem from a dysfunction in the autonomic nervous 
EFTA00810096
--- PAGE 131 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
system nerves serving that organ. The ventral and dorsal branches of the 
vagus nerve, as well as the sympathetic nervous system, innervate the 
heart and lungs. The dorsal vagus also provides the primary pathways 
to the subdiaphragmatic vagus nerve branch that extends to the visceral 
organs below the diaphragm. 
The dorsal branch of the vagus nerve constricts the bronchioles, 
reducing airflow. The sympathetic nervous system (associated with stress) 
dilates the bronchioles, allowing the maximum flow of air. When the ven-
tral branch of the vagus nerve functions properly, the bronchioles relax, 
allowing an adequate flow of air to and from the lungs. 
Before I started treating this short-of-breath cross-country skier, I 
asked him where he felt movement when he breathed. He replied that he 
lifted his upper chest on the inbreath and that it settled back down on the 
outbreath. I could see what he was describing—he was almost panting, 
and his breathing was shallow, rapid, and high in his chest. 
However, this chest movement did not result from lifting of the respi-
ratory diaphragm. Rather, it came from the muscles in his neck and should-
ers tightening in order to lift his upper ribs. Over time, these tensions had 
pulled his head into a forward posture (more on this later), which further 
restricted his breathing. 
I stood behind him and placed both of my hands lightly on the sides 
of the lower part of his chest, sensing whether there was any movement in 
his lowest two ribs. When the respiratory diaphragm functions properly, 
it tightens on the inbreath, pushing downward and laterally expanding 
the lower two ribs. The man had only a minimal amount of lateral rib 
movement on his right side, and no detectable lateral movement on the 
left side. 
I like my clients to participate in the evaluation of their own breathing 
by noticing where there is movement in their chest and belly. Then they 
can participate by evaluating whether there are any positive changes as a 
result of my treatment. I showed this client where to feel the movement 
of different parts of his chest when he breathed in. I asked him what, if 
any, movement of his ribs he could feel out to the sides. He said that he 
could not feel any movement. 
EFTA00810097
--- PAGE 132 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
I tested the function of the ventral branch of his vagus nerve. (I 
describe how to do this test in Chapter 4.) It took me less than thirty 
seconds to determine that the ventral branch of his vagus nerve was 
dysfunctional. Would there be any improvement in his breathing from 
establishing good function in his ventral vagus with the Basic Exercise? 
I asked this client to lie down on his back on my massage table, and 
taught him how to do the Basic Exercise. (You can find instructions 
for this exercise and others in Part Two.) My cross-country skier had 
an immediate improvement in his respiration; he was breathing more 
slowly, more deeply, and without strain. His ribs were expanding out 
to the sides as he inhaled—he could feel this himself. This represented 
a major improvement for someone suffering from COPD who had dif-
ficulty breathing. I again tested the function of the ventral branch of his 
vagus nerve, and found that it was now working as it should. 
Medical doctors and researchers often use a spirometer to test lung 
capacity. People tend to get nervous, however, when they think that they 
are being tested, causing them to tense up and restrict their breathing. I 
prefer to evaluate breathing functionally. I began with the observation 
that this client had a very difficult time climbing one flight of stairs, 
indicating how his breathing was impaired when he had to exert himself 
in a normal, everyday situation. 
After the treatment, my client looked much more relaxed. When he 
stood up, I could see that he breathed more deeply and more slowly, and 
that he had better color in his face. He told me that he felt much better. 
Not bad for less than six minutes—an examination, one exercise, and a 
reexamination. 
My next goal was to further improve the movement of his respiratory 
diaphragm. The lateral movement of his ribs on the right side had 
increased, but there was still almost no palpable lateral movement of 
the lower ribs on his left side. By comparing his right side with his left, 
I clearly felt that something on his left side was interfering with the 
movement of his diaphragm. From my experience with many patients, I 
suspected that this might be caused by a hiatal hernia. 
EFTA00810098
--- PAGE 133 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
What is a hiatal hernia? The stomach is on the left side of the abdo-
men, normally below the respiratory diaphragm. The esophagus—the 
elastic muscular tube that connects the back of the mouth to the top of 
the stomach—passes through a round opening (hiatus) in the respiratory 
diaphragm. The ventral branch of the vagus nerve innervates the upper 
third of the esophagus, allowing its muscle fibers to change their length 
and lift or lower the stomach, although the typical medical understanding 
of a hiatal hernia does not consider the role of the vagus nerve. 
If there is good vagal function, the esophagus can relax and lengthen, 
letting the stomach move down slightly into the abdomen as the dia-
phragm tightens on the inbreath. Ideally, as the diaphragm ascends and 
descends freely along the esophagus, the contents of the chest remain 
in the chest (above the diaphragm), and the contents of the abdomen 
remain in the abdomen (below the diaphragm). However, in cases of 
vagal dysfunction, the upper third of the esophagus tightens and shortens, 
pulling the stomach up against the bottom of the respiratory diaphragm. 
(See "Stomach 2" in the Appendix.) 
In extreme cases, the esophagus can be so tight and short that it pulls 
the stomach up against the diaphragm, forcing its opening to enlarge 
and pulling part of the stomach up into the chest. This is called a hiatal 
hernia. (The word hiatus means "gap or interruption; and a hernia is a 
protrusion through an opening in tissue.) 
In addition to major difficulties breathing, people with hiatal her-
nias often have acid reflux. When stomach acid comes up and burns 
the esophagus or back of the throat, the result is acid reflux, also called 
GERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease), or heartburn. Other symptoms 
can include a bloated feeling after eating, and a propensity to eat several 
small meals rather than three normal meals daily. 
Normal breathing should involve the di 
gm moving up and down 
(see "Diaphragmatic Breathing" on page 
n cases of breathing dif-
ficulties such as asthma and cold lungs (a.k.a. COPD), I have found the 
shortened esophagus to be a factor that disrupts normal breathing—in 
fact, I believe it is at the core of many breathing disorders. When the 
EFTA00810099
--- PAGE 134 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
stomach is pulled up into it, the diaphragm cannot descend freely on 
the inbreath. 
When I treat the vagus nerve with the Basic Exercise and then use a 
technique adapted from visceral osteopathy to lengthen and relax the 
esophagus, breathing difficulties disappear immediately, and the client 
breathes deeply without effort. That's often all it takes! 
Treating a Hiatal Hernia 
Following is an osteopathic visceral-massage technique for treatment of 
a hiatal hernia. It works well as a simple self-help exercise. 
I first instruct clients how to do the Basic Exercise (see Part Two). Then 
I use a simple osteopathic technique to pull their stomach down and to 
stretch (lengthen) and relax the esophagus. I usually teach them to do 
this for themselves. With this protocol, I have helped many patients with 
diagnoses such as asthma, pulmonary fibrosis, and shortness of breath. 
The stomach is on the left side of the abdomen, just under the rib cage. 
Place the fingertips of one hand lightly on the top of where you imagine 
you can find the stomach. The stomach is soft but palpable. You should 
be able to feel the stomach if you slowly and gently extend your finger-
tips into the abdominal muscles. You only want to feel the top surface 
of the stomach. Under no circumstances should your move be painful. If 
the person experiences pain, you should stop immediately. Gently pull it 
downward toward the feet until you sense the first sign of resistance—
usually after pulling it only about one half-inch to one inch (Figure 1). Hold 
it at that point of slight resistance until the esophagus relaxes. Although 
you might be tempted to push the stomach down in order to stretch the 
esophagus, it in not necessary to exert any force. If you have your fingers 
on the top of the stomach, you will signal the nerves for the esophagus 
to lengthen, and the stomach will descend in the abdomen, making room 
for the respiratory diaphragm to descend on the inbreath. 
A sigh or a swallow usually accompanies this moment of relaxation. At this 
point, it feels as if the muscular resistance to the stomach's being pulled down 
melts. And immediately the person is able to breathe moreeasily and deeply. 
EFTA00810100
--- PAGE 135 ---
The Polyvagal Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
Figure 1. Hiatal hernia treatment 
For this particular client, I guided him in this simple self-help tech-
nique so that, by gently pulling his stomach downward, he was able to 
stretch his esophagus and breathe more freely. With a relaxed esophagus, 
his stomach was free to move into a better position, lower in his abdomen, 
an inch or two below his respiratory diaphragm. His diaphragm could 
then move freely up and down, sliding normally over the outer surface of 
his esophagus, now that there was mom for it to descend on the inbreath. 
His lower ribs could also expand laterally to both sides. His breathing was 
much deeper, and markedly slower. He was exchanging a greater volume 
of air on every breath. 
Now came the functional test: The landing at my office door is one 
flight up from street level, and I asked my client to go up to the top of the 
stairwell—another four flights up—and then to come back down again. 
When he returned, he was breathing hard, but his breathing was deeper. 
Smiling, he said, "I ran the whole way up and the whole way down. I 
didn't need to stop once:' This was a man who could not walk up one 
flight of stairs without stopping to catch his breath before our session. 
EFTA00810101
--- PAGE 136 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
This client continues to take occasional sessions with me. In addition 
to treating his hiatal hernia, we addressed tensions in other visceral organs 
that can also hamper breathing. He continued doing the Basic Exercise, 
the self-help technique for hiatal hernia, and other visceral-massage 
techniques. I also gave him some movement exercises. After twelve weeks, 
he was able to ride a bike for several hours with his brother, who had been 
a national triathlon champion in Denmark. When I last spoke with him, 
his breathing was continuing to improve, and he was planning a biking 
trip in the mountains of Switzerland with his brother. This was only six 
months after he started his sessions with me. 
When this man was medically scanned again, there were still white 
areas in his lungs, showing the continued presence of fibers. However, the 
fibers did not seem to be restricting his breathing. The fibers do reduce the 
effectiveness of lung tissue in absorbing oxygen. But with a far greater lung 
capacity, he was now able to perform at a higher level than many athletes. 
I believe most attempts to treat COPD have been using the wrong 
map, failing to take into account that part of the problem can be traced 
to dysfunction of the vagus nerve. I believe that the cause of COPD often 
involves a lack of activity in the ventral branch of the vagus nerve, leaving 
the dorsal branch's activity unchecked. 
The dorsal branch constricts the bronchioles, making it difficult to 
get enough air into the lungs. This constriction is appropriate for the 
immobilized state of shutdown, for instance, in a crocodile after it has 
eaten a big meal and must lie still in order to digest. However, if this 
constriction is unchecked, it becomes problematic for humans trying to 
function normally in everyday life. 
Using the Basic Exercise to activate the function of the ventral branch 
of the vagus nerve moves people out of the dorsal-branch state of 
shutdown, so that their bronchioles are no longer constricted. 
The Basic Exercise, combined with stretching of the esophagus, takes 
only a few minutes. There is no prescription medicine required, and it is 
immediately effective, with no negative side effects. To me, this is evidence 
that the widely accepted explanation of the cause of COPD is not the 
100 
EFTA00810102
--- PAGE 137 ---
The Polyvagal Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
whole story. The man that I treated brought me x-rays and scans showing 
white areas in his lungs, and had been told that these areas were fibers 
causing breathing restrictions. If after ten minutes of my treatment he was 
able to breathe more normally, the idea that his breathing was restricted 
by the fibers does not hold—or at least we can say that this was not the 
only explanation. 
For this man with COPD, improving the function of his ventral vagus 
nerve, bringing his head back from a forward position, and easing the 
function of his respiratory diaphragm contributed to improvement in 
his vital capacity. This was confirmed by hospital tests. 
Diaphragmatic Breathing 
Good diaphragmatic breathing is an important element of social 
engagement. Every person I have observed in my clinic who is in a state 
of stress or dorsal vagal activity has a disturbed pattern of breathing. 
Normal breathing should involve up-and-down movement of the 
diaphragm. In order to evaluate whether this is happening, I place my 
hands lightly on the sides of the chest at the level of the last two ribs. If 
there is diaphragmatic breathing, I can detect a lateral movement of the 
lower two ribs on both sides. However, if there is a hiatal hernia, I can feel 
lateral movement on the right side but almost none on the left. 
When we cannot inhale with a normal lowering of their respiratory 
diaphragm, we find alternative ways to make space for the expanding 
lungs. One very common way is to lift the shoulders and upper ribs.This is 
called high costal breathing ("costal" refers to ribs).This breathing pattern 
is associated with the emotions of fear, anxiety, and panic. 
Another common pattern in non-diaphragmatic breathing is to inhale 
using the abdominal muscles. Sometimes, when we are typically short of 
breath, the belly is distended, soft, and flabby.The belly muscles are too 
soft, and when they go slack the intestines descend, pulling the lungs 
down. Sometimes people call this "belly breathing" and interpret it as a 
good sign because they can see that the breath is going down into the 
101 
EFTA00810103
--- PAGE 138 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
abdomen. However, it does not actively involve tightening the respiratory 
diaphragm. People breathing this way often hold their stomach muscles 
tight on the inbreath. The muscles of their abdomen feel hard. This 
breathing pattern is associated with anger. 
Ideally, the abdomen and chest expand and contract rhythmically, at 
the same time. The lower two ribs (R11 and R12) move to the sides, down, 
and back with expansion. The next five ribs up (R6-R10) swing out to the 
sides; this lateral movement is likened to that of a "bucket handle." The 
next group of ribs above those (R5 to R1) lifts straight upward, along with 
the sternum, in a movement described as the"pump handle:.
If we lose optimal tonus in our diaphragm, we also lose proper tonus 
in our entire musculoskeletal system. We tend to collapse into our body, 
and exhibit the breathing of someone who is shut down and manifesting 
depressive behavior. If, on the other hand, we tighten the diaphragm and 
push it down onto our gut, we get the body and breathing of someone 
in a state of anger. 
The vagus nerve has both sensory and motor fibers that affect and are 
affected by the movements of respiration. There are four times as many 
sensory (afferent, or inward-transmitting) nerve fibers in the respiratory 
branch of the vagus nerve as there are motor (efferent, or outward-
transmitting) nerves, and these are constantly monitoring the functioning 
of the respiratory diaphragm. 
Proper function of the motor fibers of the ventral vagus is necessary 
to facilitate relaxed, efficient breathing. When the respiratory diaphragm 
is not working properly and does not descend on the inbreath, we use 
muscles activated by either our spinal sympathetic chain or our dorsal 
vagal circuit, so a breathing pattern that fails to make proper use of the 
diaphragm will communicate through the sensory nerve fibers that we 
are threatened or in danger. This is one example of how feedback from 
sensory branches of cranial nerves influences the state of our autonomic 
nervous system. 
102 
EFTA00810104
--- PAGE 139 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
Shoulder, Neck, and Head Pain: 
CN XI, Trapezius, and SCM 
In addition to being one of the five "social engagement" nerves, cranial 
nerve XI (the "spinal accessory nerve") has a special muscular function. 
It innervates the trapezius and the sternodeidomastoid (SCM), two large 
muscles in the neck and shoulder. (See "Trapezius" and "Sternocleido-
mastoid" in the Appendix.) These are the only skeletal muscles below 
the face and head that are not innervated by spinal nerves. If either of 
these two muscles is chronically either tense or flaccid, it will respond 
differently to massage treatment and movement training than any other 
muscle of the body. 
Shoulder problems are among the most common forms of musculo-
skeletal problems. Dysfunction in CN XI often leads to pain and stiffness 
in the neck and shoulders, and sometimes simply improving the function 
of CN X and CN XI with the Basic Exercise is enough to eliminate pain or 
restricted movement in this area. After doing the exercise, we might want 
to try other ways to treat other problems stemming from these muscles; 
for example, see the self-help treatment for migraine headaches described 
in Part Two. Doing the Basic Exercise seems to also instantaneously 
improve the function of all five nerves necessary for social engagement 
for most people. 
Returning to the trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles, we note 
that dysfunction of CN XI and/or a lack of proper tonus in the trapezius 
and SCM muscles are involved in many other health issues besides neck 
and shoulder pain and stiffness. These include migraines, forward head 
posture, breathing difficulties, chronic spinal sympathetic chain activa-
tion, chronic dorsal vagal state, and shortened life expectancy. 
The trapezius and SCM are also determining factors in the shape and 
health of the spine. Furthermore, a chronic tension in the sternocleido-
mastoid muscles on one side can actually change the shape of the back 
of the head, leaving it flat on one side because of the constant pull of the 
muscle on the temporal bones (the skull plates behind the ears). In every 
child I've treated on the autism spectrum, I have observed this distortion 
103 
EFTA00810105
--- PAGE 140 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
in the shape of the back of their head?' (See Part Two for a technique to 
round the back of the head.) 
Turning the head to either side should be an even, well-coordinated 
movement, without stops or jerks, and without deviation from a smooth 
curve. The head should be able to turn ninety degrees, or slightly more. 
People often complain about reduced range of movement, stiffness, 
or pain in their neck and shoulders when they rotate their head to one 
side. If the pain or stiffness is on the side opposite to the direction in 
which they turn their head, the shoulder problem is most likely either 
the trapezius or the sternocleidomastoid muscle on the side toward 
which they are turning. If the pain is on the same side as the turn, the 
problem is not cranial nerve XI and the trapezius and SCM but is most 
likely due to the levator scapulae. In Part Two there is a set of exercises 
called "The Salamander Exercises," which improve the neck's capacity 
for lateral movement. This exercise can be slightly painful at first, but if 
we are persistent, we can increase the range of movement, improve the 
flow of blood to CN XI, and improve the function of our trapezius and 
sternocleidomastoid muscles. 
The Levator Scapulae Muscle 
We can improve the function of the cranial nerves, and improve the 
rotation of the head to the right and left, with the Basic Exercise and the 
Salamander Exercises. But these still might not be enough to allow full 
freedom in the turning of the head, since many other muscles of the neck 
are involved in head movement, and tension in any of them can restrict 
head tuming. 
If we have pain in our neck on the same side our head is turning 
toward, then the problem is not cranial nerve XI and the trapezius and 
SCM. It is most likely coming from another muscle, the levator scapulae 
("shoulder-blade lifter"). In these cases, working on cranial nerve XI and 
the trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles will probably not remove 
all of the pain and stiffness. 
104 
EFTA00810106
--- PAGE 141 ---
The Polyvagal Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
Janet Travell, David Simons, and Lois Simons, in their book Myofascial 
Pain and Dysfunction: The Trigger Point Manual, nicknamed the levator 
scapulae the'Stiff Neck"muscle." This pair of muscles reaches down from 
the top vertebrae to the shoulder blade, along either side of the neck. 
I have found that directly massaging the levator scapulae gives 
relief, but only temporarily—the muscle dysfunction quickly returns. 
The problem is probably that the levator scapulae is undertoned. So if 
you want a more lasting result, Tom Myers suggested massaging the 
supraspinatus muscle (along the top of the shoulder blade) to improve 
the tonus of the levator scapulae. (See "Supraspinatus" in the Appendix.) 
Benjamin Shield suggested another approach. He observed that with 
a side-bending of the upper cervical vertebrae, you can open the spaces 
between Cl and C3 to take the pressure off of the spinal nerves that 
go to the levator scapulae. You might try the upper part (Level 1) of the 
Salamander Exercises, tipping the head to one side to open the spaces 
between Cl and C3. 
THE TRAP EZ IUS AND STERNOCLEIDOMASTOID MUSCLES 
Problems with the trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles are more 
serious than just the discomforts of pain, stiffness, or migraines. Usually 
people with dysfunction in either of these two muscles are not socially 
engaged, and they are prone to all of the problems that I earlier described 
as the "heads of the Hydra" (see the beginning of Part One). Correcting 
the function of these two muscles usually improves the function of CN 
XI and can restore the state of social engagement. 
Because these two muscles are innervated by a cranial nerve, they are 
different from the other 660 skeletal muscles in the rest of the body, which 
are all innervated by spinal nerves. Tension in any of these other muscles 
can cause pain, reduced range of movement, and stiffness. Dysfunction 
in the sternocleidomastoid and trapezius muscles, by contrast, is related 
to a host of serious health issues that we usually do not associate with 
muscular problems. 
105 
EFTA00810107
--- PAGE 142 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
The trapezius muscles are a pair of thin, flat, trapezoid-shaped, super-
ficial muscles covering a large area of the back of the neck, shoulders, and 
torso. They originate on the occipital bone, at the base of the back of the 
skull, and attach to the spinous processes of the shoulder blades and the 
spinous process of each vertebra of the cervical and thoracic spine (in the 
neck and torso). The sternocleidomastoid (SCM) muscles attach to the 
tip of the mastoid process of the temporal bones, along the sides of the 
skull just behind the ears. Then the muscle splits into two "bellies" that 
wrap diagonally forward and down, with one part attaching to the top of 
the sternum (breastbone) and the other part to the medial section of the 
clavicle (collarbone). Because the two muscles' bellies attach at slightly 
different places on the skull, they pull the head at slightly differ-ent angles. 
Also, because the sternal and clavicular bellies of the SCM attach in differ-
ent locations on the torso, they also contribute to the rotation of the head. 
The SCM muscles on both sides muscles can be likened to reins that 
allow a horseback rider to steer the movement of the horses head. The 
rider pulls in the reins on one side while letting out slack on the other 
side. If there is no chronic tension in our SCM on either side, our head 
would be perfectly balanced on our neck; it would turn just as easily to 
the right or to the left without restriction or pain. Our head would come 
to a natural resting position looking straight ahead. 
However, there is often tightness in one of the bellies of the SCM 
on one side, resulting in a stiff neck. This makes rotation of the neck 
easy toward one side, but difficult toward the other. Since the SCM is 
innervated by the eleventh cranial nerve, this stiffness is often caused by a 
dysfunction of CN XI and is almost always concurrent with a dysfunction 
of the vagus nerve. 
If the bellies of the SCM attaching to the sternum tighten on both sides 
symmetrically, they will shorten the neck, making it thicker, and pull the 
head forward. This has been described as a "bull neck." If the bellies of the 
SCM attaching to the clavicle tighten symmetrically, they pull the head 
backward, making the neck thinner and longer (a "swan neck"). 
In her book Rolfing,s3 pioneering body therapist Dr. Ida Rolf calls 
our attention to the fact that the trapezius and the sternocleidomastoid 
106 
EFTA00810108
--- PAGE 143 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
muscles comprise the outer ring of neck muscles. Inside this outer ring, 
there are many smaller muscles that help us to make finer movements of 
the head, to lift the upper ribs when we breathe, and to swallow. 
The complicated coordination of tension and relaxation of the muscles 
that turn our head requires precise muscle control. This is programmed 
into our nervous system in such a way that we do not have to think about 
the mechanics of it. When something catches our attention, we automati-
cally focus our eyes on it. The movement of our head follows the direction 
of our eyes, and then the movement of our body follows the movement 
of our head. The eyes focus on an object of interest, and center it in the 
visual field; then the eleventh cranial nerve innervates the fibers of the 
trapezius and SCM muscles in order to turn the head in that direction. 
We were born with this ability to coordinate our eye, head, and body 
movements. When a baby is lying on its stomach, if an object in front of 
it suddenly moves or changes its speed, the baby's eyes will focus on the 
object and follow the movement, first with its eyes and then with its head. 
We respond to sound in the same way. If there is a sound that catches our 
attention, we move our head to center the sound between our ears. All 
of this requires complex coordination of the trapezius, SCM, and other 
muscles. 
TRAPEZIUS AND SCM MUSCLES IN ACTION 
ON THE SERENGETI PLAIN 
A cheetah is the fastest mammal on Earth, able to run at speeds of up 
to sixty miles per hour. Running at that incredible speed, the cheetah 
keeps its eyes fixed on the animal it is chasing. The eleventh cranial nerve 
enables the cheetah to turn its head and, as its head turns, its body follows. 
An antelope being chased by the cheetah looks for clear areas where 
it can get away from the cheetah without bumping into anything. When 
its eyes find such a space, its head follows the direction of the eyes and 
then its body follows. 
Although it is not as fast as the cheetah, the antelope has an advantage: 
if it ran in a straight line, the cheetah could easily catch it, but with its 
107 
EFTA00810109
--- PAGE 144 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
light body and thin legs, the antelope can turn faster. So, to avoid being 
captured by the cheetah, the antelope zigs and zags. The cheetah is unable 
to do this quite as quickly; because it is so agile, therefore, a healthy adult 
antelope will usually survive being chased by a cheetah. The antelope 
also has the endurance to run for a longer period of time and outlast a 
pursuing cheetah. 
When a cheetah, lion, tiger, or other predator chases its prey and does 
not manage to bring it down right away, it becomes exhausted from the 
intense effort, and it takes several hours to regain the strength to try 
again. Therefore, before it exerts itself, the cheetah spends time studying 
the herd of antelopes in order to pick out one that is injured or old, or 
a newborn hiding in the long grass near its mother. Half of all antelope 
fawns are lost to predators before reaching adulthood. 
For both the hunter and the hunted, survival depends in part on turn-
ing their heads effortlessly, and the muscles primarily responsible for 
this are the trapezius and the sternocleidomastoid—both innervated by 
cranial nerve XI. Because turning the head is a matter of life and death, 
it is not surprising that the structure of CN XI is highly developed and 
complex, for precise innervation of the individual fibers of these muscles. 
USE OF TRAPEZIUS MUSCLES WHEN CRAWLING 
The trapezius is one of the very first muscles that we humans use as 
babies. When a baby lies on its stomach, its first movement is to arch its 
back and lift its head using its trapezius muscles. Then, with its head up, 
the baby can turn its head and look around using the sternocleidomastoid 
muscles. (See "Baby on stomach" in the Appendix.) 
The next step in the baby's development will be to lift its head high 
enough to bring its arms under its shoulders to support the weight of 
its upper body. With this, the baby will soon be able to come up on all 
fours. In this position, tensing the fibers of the upper trapezius extends 
and arches the neck and lifts the head, and the face looks forward. (See 
"Baby on all fours" in the Appendix.) In order to do this, the baby tenses 
all the fibers of the three parts of the trapezius more or less equally. The 
108 
EFTA00810110
--- PAGE 145 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
baby arches its lower back with its lower trapezius, pulls the shoulders 
together with the middle trapezius, and lifts its head up and tips it back 
with the upper trapezius. In addition to the trapezius muscle, the head 
is held up and balanced on the vertebrae of the neck partly due to the 
action of the setnispinalis capitis, the largest muscle in the posterior neck. 
Then the sternocleidomastoid muscles can rotate the head quite easily. 
At this stage in its development, the baby supports its weight on its 
hands and knees and moves much like other four-legged mammals. After 
a short while, the baby can begin to crawl forward, moving with first 
one arm forward and the other one back. This asymmetrical pattern 
of arm movement when crawling requires using the trapezius muscles 
asymmetrically. 
With the body supported on all fours, the arms and thighs are at a 
ninety-degree angle to the trunk. As the baby pushes down with its arms, 
there is equal force pushing the arm back up into the socket of the shoulder 
joint, and the proprioceptive nerves in the shoulder joint can report to the 
brain that the arms and shoulders feel right and are in balance. 
CHANGES IN TRAPEZIUS USE WHEN GOING FROM 
CRAWLING TO STANDING 
I 'Liman babies support their weight on all fours when they crawl. Human 
beings have the same physical structure as four-legged animals in terms 
of the muscles, bones, and nerves involved in this movement. 
We live in gravity, and gravity is always pulling us down. When we 
crawled on all fours, we distributed our weight more or less evenly on 
our four limbs, which held our weight by pushing up into our body. This 
is a stable structure. 
When we stood up to balance on our hind legs, we had to use our 
muscles and bones in a completely new way. Everything changed in the 
balance of tensions in our muscular and skeletal systems. Instead of a 
more or less even muscle tonus in the muscle fibers, some muscles became 
chronically tensed, and others became flaccid. Instead of holding our 
weight on four supports, we balance our heavy upper body entirely on 
109 
EFTA00810111
--- PAGE 146 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
the two ball-and-socket joints between the legs and hips when we stand, 
which is most unstable compared to a four-legged stance. (See "Baby 
standing" in the Appendix.) 
Over decades, standing on our back legs can give rise to many prob-
lems that four-legged animals do not have. Common to most of us is an 
increase in our forward head posture (FHP) as we age. (See the following 
section on FHP and its related health problems.) 
When we first came up to crawl on all fours, the trapezius muscle 
held our head up high. The three parts of the trapezius functioned like 
a single muscle in which all of the fibers had roughly the same tension. 
Some of the muscle fibers worked to pull the shoulders back and together 
to support our upper spine, and others fibers pulling in other directions 
worked to lift the head back and up. 
But when we stood up, parts of the trapezius muscle lost their integ-
rity; they were no longer needed to pull our shoulders together in the back 
and tilt our head up, as before. Rather than acting as a single muscle, these 
muscle fibers organized themselves into three functional units—now seen 
as the upper, middle, and lower trapezius—and these three groups of 
fibers began to work as separate entities. One part, therefore, might be 
overly tense while another part is under-tensed. This is reflected in the 
position of the bones of not only the shoulder but the spine as well. (See 
"Trapezius" in the Appendix.) 
The spine of a human being has a much different form than that of 
a horse, a goat, or a giraffe. A four-legged animal supports part of its 
weight on its front legs, in contrast to a human being whose arms hang 
freely from the shoulder joint. There is no longer a pushing of the arms 
into the shoulder joint. 
If we have shoulder pain, we often ask ourselves what we did to create 
the pain—we must have lifted something heavy, or thrown something, 
such as a baseball, which we were not used to doing. However, an unrec-
ognized factor in the creation of imbalances leading to shoulder pain 
might be changes that have occurred because we are standing upright 
only on our legs. And there is no telling what a lifetime habit of sitting 
still on chairs does to our musculoskeletal structure. It is not a surprise 
110 
EFTA00810112
--- PAGE 147 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
that many physical therapists report that the most common problems 
that they treat are shoulder problems. 
The human spine has weaknesses that lead to stiff necks, backaches, 
and shoulder problems. When we stand up, the relationship between the 
head and the spine changes compared to when we were on all fours. (See 
"Baby standing" in the Appendix.) In order to balance on our legs, the 
upper part of the trapezius is no longer positioned to hold the head up 
and back, and the head tends to slide forward. 
The middle part of the trapezius muscle no longer pulls the shoulder 
blades together toward the spine to make a stable base. Instead, for most of 
us, our shoulder blades glide down our back, forward, and around to our 
sides. Compared with the deep barrel chest of a four-legged animal, our 
upper chest caves in, and our belly hangs out. If an actor assumed this pos-
ture, it would be to portray a character who had lost a sense of self-esteem. 
When the lower part of the trapezius does not function as it used to 
when we were crawling on all fours, our spine shortens, and our head 
moves into a forward position. These changes are not due to increased 
muscular tension but rather to a general loss of a balanced tonus in the 
three parts of the trapezius muscle that used to hold our head up against 
the constant pull of gravity. 
To improve the function of the trapezius muscle, therefore, we need to 
improve the tonus of the muscle fibers in all three parts of the trapezius 
by stimulating the nerves to the muscle. We can do that with a simple 
movement that I call the "Twist and Turn Exercise" (see Part Two). Unlike 
most other exercises, this exercise neither stretches nor strengthens the 
muscle; by tightening and releasing muscle tension, it simply wakes up the 
nerves innervating the trapezius muscle. Overly tense areas of the muscle 
can relax, while muscle tone increases in areas that need it. 
ASYMMETRY IN TRAPEZIUS MUSCLE TENSION 
There are always differences in tension among the groups of fibers 
comprising the upper, middle, and lower trapezius muscles. There is also a 
111 
EFTA00810113
--- PAGE 148 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
difference between the right and left sides. This asymmetry of the various 
parts can disrupt the balance in the two shoulders. 
Because the trapezius attaches to the cervical and thoracic spine, 
imbalances in tension between the right and left trapezius muscles add to 
rotations, extensions, flexions, and side-bending of the thoracic vertebrae. 
This changes the internal space within the chest, which in turn affects the 
function of the heart and lungs. 
In some cases this asymmetry can also compress the spinal nerves 
exiting from these segments, affecting the organs they serve. Some of the 
spinal nerves (T1—T4) go to the heart, and some (T5—T8) to the lungs. 
Others (T9 and below) connect to various visceral organs. 
ASYMMETRY IN STERNOCLEIDOMASTOID TENSION 
The sternocleidomastoid muscles on both sides are the primary muscles 
for turning the head left and right, and chronic or acute tension in a 
sternocleidomastoid muscle results in a stiff neck. A baby with this issue 
tends to turn its head to one side when lying on its back. As the child gets 
older, this condition might be diagnosed as torticollis ("twisted neck"). 
If you examine the back of the head of someone with a stiff neck, you 
may find it to be flat on one side. If so, the same technique described in 
the "Technique for Rounding a Flat Back of the Head" on page 178 might 
not only relax a tight sternodeidomastoid muscle but also to some degree 
start to round the back of the head, even in an adult. 
A stiff neck usually accompanies a rotation of the first cervical verte-
bra, called the atlas (see "Atlas" in the Appendix), resulting in a reduced 
blood flow to the brainstem. In adults, a stiff neck may indicate dysfunc-
tion of the eleventh cranial nerve which, as noted earlier, is one of the five 
cranial nerves necessary for social engagement. So releasing SCM tension 
often makes it easier for us to be socially engaged. 
This observation is not new; we find references that go back thousands 
of years. There are surprisingly many references to "stiff-necked" people 
in the Bible. An example from Nehemiah 9:17 says: `They refused to 
listen, and did not remember the wonders you performed among them. 
112 
EFTA00810114
--- PAGE 149 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
They became stiff-necked, and in their rebellion they appointed a leader 
to return to their slavery in Egypt." 
A NEW PICTURE OF CN XI 
Turning the head is one of the most important and complex movements 
of the body. It is one of the first movements that a baby makes, and we are 
so familiar with this movement that we usually do not even think about 
it. Control of the trapezius and SCM muscles requires a coordinated 
tensing and relaxation of their many individual muscle fibers, and this 
action depends on a well-functioning CN XI. 
Most anatomical illustrations of CN XI attempt to show all the 
branches of this nerve in a single drawing, but I have personally found 
those drawings to be confusing. In order to help you gain a clear under-
standing of the complexity of structure of CN XI, I asked my illustrator 
to make some new drawings in color that show the three parts of this 
important cranial nerve. (See the "CN XI" series in the Appendix.) One 
branch of CN XI originates in the brainstem and used to be called the 
"cranial division." It is now considered to be a part of the vagus nerve—
the branch that innervates the pharyngeal muscles discussed in Chapter 
4. Another branch, called the "spinal accessory nerve," exits the spinal 
cord in the neck just below the cranium before going directly to the fibers 
of the trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles. There is yet another 
branch of the spinal accessory nerve, made of up nerve branches that 
leave the spinal cord, weave together, extend up into the cranium through 
the foramen magnum, reach across the floor of the skull, and then exit 
through the jugular foramen in the base of the skull. 
In spite of their diverse pathways, all the branches of CN XI function 
together in a coordinated way to innervate the various parts of the tra-
pezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles. 
CN XI and the ventral vagus (CN X) are closely linked, not only 
functionally, through their role as two of the five cranial nerves necessary 
for social engagement, but structurally. In two of the CN XI drawings in 
the Appendix, a clear connection can be seen between branches of CN XI 
113 
EFTA00810115
--- PAGE 150 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
and the ventral branch of the vagus nerve after they exit the skull through 
the jugular foramen: fibers from CN XI intermingle with fibers of the 
vagus nerve outside the cranium for a few millimeters. In addition to the 
mixing of their nerve fibers after they exit the jugular foramen, both CN 
XI and the ventral vagus branch originate in the nucleus ambiguus, a strip 
of nerve fibers in the brainstem. 
Therefore, it is not surprising that the function/dysfunction of the 
vagus nerve is directly mirrored in the function/dysfunction of CN XL 
The test for CN XI gives the same results in terms of indicating function/ 
dysfunction as do tests for the ventral branch of CN X. 
CN XI AND THE VENTRAL VAGUS BRANCH 
The Trap Squeeze Test for CN XI gives us an indication of the function/ 
dysfunction of not only CN XI but also the other four nerves necessary 
for social engagement. All five of these nerves work together; if one is 
dysfunctional, the others will also be dysfunctional. If we improve the 
function of one, we also improve the function of the other four. 
When I started using the Trap Squeeze Test for CN XI and ventral 
vagus nerve function by asking my patients to open their mouth and 
say "ah-ah-ah," I began to notice that whenever there was a difference in 
tension between the trapezius muscles on the two sides, there was always 
a dysfunction in the ventral vagus as indicated by the uvular lift test. I 
decided to carry out an informal study in my clinic. 
I tested the next eighty people who came to me for treatment: first I 
tested their ventral vagus (with the uvular-lift test for vagal pharyngeal-
branch function described in Chapter 4), and then their CN XI (with 
the Trap Squeeze Test). I found a 100 percent correlation between the 
results of these two tests. On the basis of that, I felt safe concluding 
that testing the trapezius muscles is a valid indicator of vagal function/ 
dysfunction. 
After clients did the Basic Exercise, I tested them again both ways, and 
found improvement in both CN XI and the ventral branch of the vagus 
114 
EFTA00810116
--- PAGE 151 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
nerve. The patients agreed with me: "Now, when you squeeze, the two 
sides feel more like each other?' I asked them to turn their head, and to 
explore the sensations in their head, neck, and shoulders. In almost all 
cases, they had better movement and could turn their head further, with 
less or no pain. 
The Trap Squeeze Test for Shoulder and Neck Problems 
Some of the most common complaints among clients of physical 
therapists and body therapists involve stiffness in the neck and pain in 
the shoulder. As discussed above, these problems usually include a lack 
of proper tonus of the trapezius and/or sternocleidomastoid muscles, 
either of which may be chronically tense or flaccid. 
Most physical therapists, massage therapists, and body therapists start 
their treatment by working directly on tight shoulder muscles, without 
considering the state of the client's autonomic nervous system. When 
people come to my practice with shoulder problems, I base my approach 
to this on the research findings of Cottingham, Porges, and Lyon.50
As suggested by their research, in order to achieve positive results 
with fascial release, myofascial release, or release of muscle tensions in 
general, it is important to have a well-functioning ventral vagus nerve 
before attempting any other intervention. So I first test the ventral branch 
of the vagus nerve, or use the following test for CN XI function. This test 
often takes less time, and is less intrusive than my test for vagal function, 
in which clients have to open their mouths and saysah-ah-alf while I use 
a flashlight to observe uvula-area movement. 
For this test, we only have to squeeze the muscles on the top of the 
shoulder. The Trap Squeeze Test takes only a few seconds, and is well 
suited for use on children and people on the autism spectrum, with whom 
we might otherwise encounter difficulties in getting their cooperation 
for the usual technique. 
To use this form of testing, you first need to practice on several people 
in order to develop the necessary kinesthetic skills. It is normal to feel 
115 
EFTA00810117
--- PAGE 152 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
uncertain the first few times that you try testing the trapezius muscles. 
However, you will likely find that you can get the feel of it after a few 
attempts. 
CN XI can be tested by sliding, lifting, and rolling the top of the 
trapezius muscles (on the tops of the shoulders, halfway to the neck), 
and comparing them on the left and right sides. Although the trapezius 
muscle covers a large area, it is very thin. 
1. Take hold of the trapezius muscle on each side, squeezing it lightly 
between your thumb and your first finger (Figure 2). Whereas most 
novices simply grab the muscle, the lighter you squeeze, the better. 
2. If you squeeze lightly and slowly, you should be able to lift the muscle 
slightly away from the underlying muscles. 
Figure 2. Trap squeeze test 
3. Compare the tonus of the trapezius muscle on one side with the 
tonus of the trapezius muscle on the other side. Do the two sides feel 
the same to you, or is one side harder than the other? Ideally, both 
sides should be soft and elastic. However, one side is often soft and 
116 
EFTA00810118
--- PAGE 153 ---
The Polyvagal Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
elastic, while the other is not. If you squeeze them slowly, with a light 
pressure, you can feel that the muscle on one side remains relaxed, 
soft, and pliable if you push deeper into it, while the other side may 
react to your squeeze by tensing up and feeling hard, even though 
you are using a very light pressure. 
4.1 ask the person who I am testing, "When I squeeze, do the two sides 
feel the same to you, or do they feel different?" If the person answers 
that they feel different, I ask,"Which side is more tense?" Here is 
something that I do not understand, but I encounter it often: more 
than half the time that I do this test, I disagree with the person I am 
testing as to which side is more tense, or harderf I do not know why 
this is so. But I have come to the conclusion that it does not matter in 
terms of the success of my treatment; the main point is that my client 
and I agree that there is a difference between the two sides. 
5. If we agree that there is a difference, I take this as an indication of 
dysfunction in CN XI, and I conclude that their autonomic nervous 
system is not socially engaged, and that they are in a state of either 
stress or dorsal vagal withdrawal. We can then take the appropriate 
steps to restore ventral vagal function before proceeding with any 
further therapeutic techniques. 
Health Problems Related to 
Forward Head Posture 
Serious health problems can stem from kyphosis, or forward head posture 
(FHP), which is related to dysfunctional trapezius and sternocleidomas-
told muscles (Figure 3). A forward head posture is one result of poor 
posture in general. 
As we get older, many of us lose the good posture that we enjoyed as 
children; we may have increased difficulty breathing and be bothered 
by occasional dizziness. These issues are generally not considered to be 
medical problems; doctors tend to assume that they are a natural part 
of growing older and that nothing can be done about them. There is no 
medicine or operation to help remedy these conditions as such. 
117 
EFTA00810119
--- PAGE 154 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Figure 3. Forward head position 
The neck has a tendency to sag when we have FHP, allowing our head 
to thrust forward. Our upper chest collapses, reducing the space for the 
heart and lungs. The forward head posture also blocks the action of the 
muscles responsible for helping to lift the first rib during inhalation, 
resulting in difficulty breathing. 
As time goes on and FHP gets worse, we lose an increasing portion 
of our breathing capacity. FHP is often found in people with breathing 
problems such as asthma and COPD.66 It is no wonder that they experi-
ence general fatigue and low levels of energy. Research published in the 
Journal of the American Geriatric Society also reports that they also have 
shorter life expectancy—shorter even than people who smoke a pack of 
cigarettes a day—and that older patients with FHP have a significantly 
higher mortality rate." 
Could restrictions in the function of these nerves also be contributing 
factors in Alzheimer's disease, dementia, and senility? 
118 
EFTA00810120
--- PAGE 155 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
In addition to reducing breathing capacity, the loss of internal chest 
space puts pressure on the heart and crowds the blood vessels that go to 
and from the heart. FHP also compresses the spaces between the vertebrae 
of the neck and upper thorax, putting pressure on the spinal nerves of 
the neck and the upper thoracic spine. 
Furthermore, forward head posture compresses the vertebral arter-
ies that carry blood up to the head, diminishing blood supply to the 
face, parts of the brain, and the brainstem, where the social-engagement 
cranial nerves V, VII, IX, X, and XI originate. When this occurs, as we 
might expect, we look pale, lack spontaneous facial expression, and are 
not socially engaged. If these five cranial nerves do not receive adequate 
blood circulation, they can fail to function properly, and we are likely to 
be in a state of chronic stress or dorsal vagal activity. 
Many aches, pains, and stiffnesses develop over time due to deterio-
rating posture. According to a Mayo Clinic newsletter, "Forward head 
posture leads to long-term muscle strain, herniated discs, arthritis, and 
pinched nerves."" 
Neurosurgeon and Nobel Prize recipient Dr. AIf Breig stated,"Loss of 
the cervical curve stretches the spinal cord 5-7 cm and causes disease.." 8
The characteristic stiffening of the neck in FHP also stiffens the entire 
spine. According to Dr. Roger Sperry, Nobel Prize recipient for brain 
research,"Ninety percent of the stimulation and nutrition to the brain is 
generated by the movement of the spine.'S9
People with kyphosis often have difficulty breathing, mild back pain, 
and tenderness and stiffness in the spine. Emotionally, they may experi-
ence apathy and indifference about what is happening—also symptomatic 
of dorsal vagal withdrawal. 
Viewed from the side, our ear should be directly above the midline of 
our shoulder. However, as we age, many of us succumb to a forward head 
posture, and you can see that the ear has moved forward in relationship 
to the center of the shoulder. In this case, we are usually stooped over, 
our upper chest is collapsed, and our head is no longer balanced on our 
neck. The neck muscles have to work hard constantly to keep the head 
from tipping even further forward. 
119 
EFTA00810121
--- PAGE 156 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
"Every inch of Forward Head Posture ... can increase the weight of the 
head on the spine by an additional ten pounds," according to A. I. Kapandji 
in The Physiology of the Joints.° The head itself weighs about twelve pounds, 
and many of us have our head forward by two or three inches. 
The man in the forward head posture photograph came to me com-
plaining of difficulty breathing and general fatigue. His forward head pos-
ture was not the result of muscle tensions, but of flaccid trapezius muscles. 
As mentioned earlier, FHP often results from a dysfunction in the trapezius 
and sternocleidomastoid muscles; the trapezius lacks sufficient tonus, while 
parts of the SCM are in chronic tension. Improving the muscular tonus 
of these muscles, therefore, brings the head back into better alignment. 
Many forms of massage and movement work well on muscles of the 
body generally. However, because these two muscles are innervated by cra-
nial nerves, I use a different approach for them. The first step toward nor-
malizing tension in either of these two muscles is doing the Basic Exercise 
(see Part Two). I often see that when a patient does this exercise, even for 
the first time, it helps bring their head back part of the way. 
For further improving FHP and bringing the head back to an upright 
position, I also utilize two other exercises—the "Twist and Turn Exercise" 
and the "Salamander Exercises." You can find instructions for these exer-
cises in Part Two. 
SCAR TISSUE AS A CONTRIBUTOR TO FHP 
Scar tissue forms after surgical operations in order to make the body 
stronger, in case a similar wound occurs at the same place in the future. 
The patient may know intellectually that this extra scaffolding is not nec-
essary, because there is not likely to be another incision at the same exact 
place, but the connective tissue has no way of knowing this. 
Although the operation itself might have been necessary or even life-
saving, the layers of muscle and fascia contract and thicken as the incision 
heals, and this tightening in the fascial network spreads beyond the local 
area of the incision to affect the entire body. Every surgical operation has 
this negative side effect, which is almost never addressed. 
120 
EFTA00810122
--- PAGE 157 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
Even though there may not be much scar tissue visible on the surface, 
there can still be extensive buildup of scar tissue in the muscles and 
connective tissue under the skin, and in the deeper fascia layers. Even if 
the operation was done with a scope to minimize tissue damage, scars 
form in the deeper layers. 
There should be a small amount of thick fluid between adjacent lay-
ers of muscle and connective tissue, allowing them to slide freely across 
one another. During an operation, however, this fluid sometimes dries 
out when exposed to the air so that, instead of sliding, the layers begin 
to stick to one another. 
Also, after a surgical incision or any wound, the connective tissue cells 
produce extra collagen fibers that can bind one layer of muscle or fascia 
to an adjacent layer. When two layers have grown together, they no longer 
slide across each other as they once did. Many surgeons take the extra 
time and care to ensure that the tissues of each layer are sewn together 
without involving tissues from other layers. 
Unfortunately, some surgeons do not understand the importance of 
this, and might sew layers together haphazardly in an attempt to save 
time and money. The result is that the muscles and connective tissue 
are much less flexible in that area. Scar tissue feels thicker and tougher, 
and it forms not just on the surface but deeper in the body. If it is from 
a C-section, the scar tissue goes all the way down from the surface of the 
skin to the uterus. If it is in the chest or abdomen, scar tissue restricts the 
space available for breathing. 
Scarring after an operation pulls everything together into a knot; the 
individual layers dry out and stick together, and movement is restricted. 
As connective tissue on the front of the body tightens, it shortens the front 
of the body and pulls the head even more forward and down. Therefore, 
I recommend that anyone who has had chest or abdomen surgery should 
find a massage therapist skilled in releasing tensions from scar tissue. 
The idea behind the treatment of scar tissue is to work on restric-
tions in each individual layer of muscle and connective tissue, and then 
to free the individual layers from each other so that one layer can again 
slide freely on the adjacent layer. I am regularly amazed by the amount of 
121 
EFTA00810123
--- PAGE 158 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
improvement that occurs in range of motion in the head and neck, flex-
ibility in the spine, and in the posture generally after releasing scar tissue. 
FHP AND SUBOCCIPITAL MUSCLE TENSION 
Whereas the sternocleidomastoid and trapezius muscles provide gross 
rotational movements of the head on the neck, the fine-tuning of these 
movements comes from the small suboccipital muscles between the 
occiput and the first two vertebrae of the neck. Three of these muscles 
define an area called the suboccipital triangle. (See "Suboccipital muscles" 
in the Appendix.) 
When these suboccipital muscles are tight, they can put pressure on 
the suboccipital nerve (see"Suboccipital nerve" in the Appendix) and the 
nearby vertebral arteries, which are embedded in the connective tissue 
of the suboccipital triangle. This reduces blood supply to the brainstem 
as well as to the five cranial nerves whose function is necessary for social 
engagement. 
With a forward head posture, the muscles of the suboccipital triangle 
tighten in order to keep the chin from falling forward onto the chest. If 
these muscles are kept in a state of constant contraction (over months or 
years), they contract more and more, which further accentuates the forward 
head posture, and this can further reduce blood flow to the brainstem. 
It is not surprising that so many people with FHP complain of head-
aches at the back of the neck, just under the base of the cranium, where 
these suboccipital muscles are located. Pressure on the suboccipital nerves 
often expresses itself as pain at the back of the neck. It is interesting that 
some clients with headaches complain that they feel as if they are not 
getting enough energy (blood circulation) up to their head. 
I have observed that patients with asthma have poor ventral vagal 
function. Also, they almost always have a forward head posture. They have 
a stiff upper thoracic spine, and reduced lateral expansion of their chest 
when breathing in. Reducing FHP improves their breathing. 
The Basic Exercise usually releases the tension in the suboccipital 
muscles. Cl rotates back into place, pressure on the vertebral arteries 
122 
EFTA00810124
--- PAGE 159 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
is reduced, the blood flow to the brainstem increases, and this in turn 
improves our capacity for social engagement. 
Relieving Migraine Headaches 
Unlike "cold lungs" (COPD), migraines do not take years off our life 
expectancy, but they certainly reduce the quality of our life. There are 
many affordable medicines for migraines, but these do not work all of 
the time for everyone. Some medicines are also expensive, and most have 
possible side effects. So many people would prefer to be free from taking 
medicine altogether. 
Of the forty-five million people in the United States who suffer from 
headaches every year, twenty-eight million suffer from migraines." Aside 
from affecting quality of life, migraine headaches are one of the most 
costly health problems in terms of time lost from work. This cost in the 
United States alone was estimated to be $17 billion a year in 2005.62
Migraine is Greek for "one side of the head." If the pain is not localized 
on one side of the head, I do not consider it a migraine. Migraine 
headaches, often called tension headaches, range from moderate to severe, 
and are usually intense, sometimes throbbing, and typically last from 
two hours to three days. They often occur with symptoms of autonomic 
dysfunction. They start suddenly and often disappear just as suddenly; 
this sets a migraine apart from other headaches that are sometimes 
described as "dull,""on both sides of the head," or "like a tight helmet; 
or that come on slowly, increase in intensity, and end gradually. 
Migraines may be accompanied by other symptoms such as blurred 
vision, nausea, vomiting, fatigue, and oversensitiviry to light, sound, smell, 
and being touched. Other accompanying symptoms can include visual 
distortions (seeing auras) and dizziness. Women might report that their 
headaches come at a specific point in their monthly cycle. 
Doctors often classify migraines into different types depending on 
these accompanying symptoms, and patients usually want to give me 
detailed information about these symptoms, including how long ago the 
headaches started and how long they last. Although this information is 
123 
EFTA00810125
--- PAGE 160 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
important to my client, it does not help me as a therapist to treat them—I 
know that if I can cure their migraines, the accompanying symptoms will 
also disappear. To effectively treat a migraine, I need only know on which 
side of the head the pain appears, and which parts of the two major neck 
muscles are involved. 
To establish this, I show clients four drawings of trigger points for the 
trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles. (These drawings are based 
on the work of Janet Travell, MD, and David Simons, MD, described 
below.) The red areas in the drawings illustrate the patterns of pain that 
can come from tensions in these muscles. I ask the migraine sufferer to 
pick out which drawing best fits the headache, and to show me exactly 
where she feels pain. 
Without hesitating, all have been able to identify which of these four 
drawings best illustrates the pattern of their pain. With this information, 
I know exactly which muscle is involved. I am primarily interested in 
the pattern of the pain, which tells me exactly where I should intervene 
with my hands to bring about lasting relief. In the "Headache" drawings 
in the Appendix, you can find the different patterns of tension causing 
these headaches, the different patterns of pain, and where to massage 
specifically for each pattern. My discovery of this alternative approach 
to treating migraine headaches did not come all at once in one great 
epiphany, but in the form of many insights over the years. In my work 
with Rolfing and other forms of body-oriented therapies, most of my 
clients came to me because they had pain somewhere in their body. 
From books by Dr. Janet Graeme Travel ( 1901-1997) 1 learned about 
using trigger points to successfully bring about relaxation of muscles and 
to relieve pain. Dr. Travell co-authored the two-volume Myofascial Pain 
and Dysfunction: The Trigger Point Manual with David G. Simons, MD, 
and Lois Simons" and served as a physician in the White House, first to 
John F. Kennedy and then to Lyndon Johnson. 
President Kennedy had severe back pain stemming from wounds 
suffered when he served in the Navy in World War II. His fifth and 
final surgical procedure in September 1957 left him disenchanted with 
surgical solutions for his back pain. Later, a conservative program, 
124 
EFTA00810126
--- PAGE 161 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
including diluted salt-water injections at trigger points, provided 
modest relief. He wore a back brace and took hot baths several times a 
day, often using crutches while walking, except when he was in public 
view. Janet Travell, however, was able to relieve his severe and chronic 
back pain. 
Dr. Travell's research demonstrated that tension in individual muscles 
generates specific patterns of pain. Most inexperienced massage therapists 
simply massage where it hurts, but muscle tension often produces pain 
and other symptoms in other parts of the body. Pain at a distance from 
the source of tension is called "referred pain?' Dr. Travell found that treat-
ing specific points in muscles not only relieves pains near those points 
but can diminish referred pains as well; she called these "trigger points?' 
All muscles have trigger points. The therapist will often observe 
that they feel a little harder compared with other areas on the surface 
of the muscle; the patient will also feel that those points are painful. 
Massaging these trigger points relieves the pain in the area locally, and 
also relieves referred pain occurring at a distance from the tense muscle. 
Relieving tension in the trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles of 
the neck, by pressing the appropriate trigger points, relieves migraine 
headaches. 
I bought two wall posters for my clinic that illustrate the trigger 
points of many major muscles in an easy-to-use format. Each drawing 
showed the pattern of pain in a muscle, the muscle involved, and where to 
massage that muscle in order to release the pain. When people came for 
pain treatment, I would ask them to point to the drawing in the posters 
that matched the pattern of pain they felt in their body; then I knew 
which muscle was involved, and which trigger points, marked with X's, I 
should massage to bring relief. 
When I treated the trigger points on the muscles involved in migraines 
headaches, they disappeared even if they had bothered the clients for 
twenty or more years. 
My clients were often amazed at how quickly I figured out where to 
treat them, and how effectively I could treat pains that other therapists 
had not been able to handle. I gave photocopies of the drawings of those 
125 
EFTA00810127
--- PAGE 162 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
muscles to my clients. In case the pain came back, they could treat them-
selves, or show it to another therapist treating them. About a third of the 
people who suffer from migraines can feel when one is about to unleash 
its fury. This gives them a chance to lie down, take a pill or, better yet, to 
use the exercises and massage described later in this section. 
My next important discovery leading to a successful protocol for 
treating migraines derived from my experiences with biomechanical 
craniosacral therapy. The twelve cranial nerves exchange information 
between the brainstem and various parts of the body, primarily to and 
from regions of the head and neck. One of these nerves, CN XI or the 
accessory nerve, modulates tension in the sternocleidomastoid and 
trapezius muscles in the neck, which can cause one of several patterns of 
pain corresponding to the pains of migraine headaches. 
Biomechanical craniosacral therapy offers specific techniques to free 
blockages to the eleventh cranial nerve at the point where it exits the 
cranium. I get the best results treating migraines when I improve the 
function of CN XI before releasing tension in the muscles with a light 
pressure on trigger points. Migraine relief is then faster and longer lasting. 
Most of my clients are surprised to feel relief on the very first treatment. 
If the eleventh cranial nerve is not functioning properly, the ventral 
branch of the vagus nerve and the ninth cranial nerve are usually dys-
functional as well. Treating one of the three nerves immediately improves 
the function of the other two so that, in practice, we do not have to treat 
each of the three nerves one at a time. The Basic Exercise usually makes 
all three of these nerves functional. 
Some writers on the subject of migraines believe that "the underly-
ing causes of migraines are unknown'M—and not knowing their cause 
makes them hard to treat. Other studies show that a number of psycho-
logical conditions may be associated with migraines, including activity 
of the dorsal branch of the vagus nerve, anxiety, and bipolar disorder." 
I find this of interest from the point of view of the Polyvagal Theory. 
In Chapter 6, we will look at a few psychological conditions, and note 
that they have a physiological aspect and are expressions of non-ventral 
vagal states. 
126 
EFTA00810128
--- PAGE 163 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
Do migraines have a musculoskeletal component? Although some 
physiotherapists and body therapists are aware of it, the muscular com-
ponent underlying migraine headaches is generally not recognized by 
physicians and medical researchers. Myofascial Pain and Dysfunction: The 
Trigger Point Manua!shows patterns of pain on one side of the head that 
are caused by tension in the trapezius and the sternocleidomastoid mus-
cles; these are the patterns I show to my clients who complain of migraine 
headaches, and with these they can easily identify their headache pattern. 
I have found over the years that improving the function of CN X and 
XI, followed by releasing tension in these muscles using the appropriate 
trigger points, usually effectively relieves migraine headaches in a matter 
of minutes. I have even had success with some people who had migraines 
their entire life, as far back as they could remember. 
In my clinic, I like to teach clients how to do the techniques themselves 
in the event that they are plagued by another migraine headache. Doing 
the Basic Exercise, they can first establish proper function in their CN X 
and XI. Then they can find and release the appropriate trigger points. This 
treatment requires no pharmaceuticals, has no side effects—and no cost. 
From my successful experience treating migraines, I believe that 
most migraine sufferers can successfully treat themselves with the Basic 
Exercise and the self-help massage techniques for migraine described in 
Part Two, rather than taking painkillers or subjecting themselves to other 
conventional treatments. 
In my clinic I occasionally get patients who have had migraines for 
many years and have tried everything else before coming to me. Perhaps 
they have treated their migraines with over-the-counter and/or prescrip-
tion painkillers, antidepressants, beta-blockers, or drugs developed to 
treat epilepsy. One of the most common side effects of these drugs is liver 
damage, which in the worst case can eventually lead to buildup of fluids 
around the brain. 
These clients often tell me that they take a lot of medication and would 
like to cut down. I remember a forty-two-year-old carpenter who was tak-
ing fifteen to twenty over-the-counter painkillers a day and was worried 
about negative side effects, since the directions on the bottle said to take 
127 
EFTA00810129
--- PAGE 164 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
a maximum of eight tablets a day. My client started taking his first pain-
killer in the morning as soon as he opened his eyes, regardless of whether 
he had a headache or not. He said that he took the pills as a preventive 
measure so that he did not have to wait for them to take effect in case he 
got a migraine. He also, however, complained that the painkillers did not 
always work for him. 
First I showed him how to treat himself with the Basic Exercise (see 
Part Two), which is safe, easy to learn, and easy to do. Then I showed 
him the four drawings of the patterns of pain that are present in most 
migraine headaches. When he identified the drawing that fit the pattern 
he was experiencing, I knew which muscles needed to relax, and which 
trigger points in his neck would relax the tension. 
His first session with me substantially reduced the number of his head-
aches and decreased the intensity of the few that did occur. If the pain 
returns after I give a treatment, I tell people that they can simply treat 
themselves as described above. 
MIGRAINES: A CASE STUDY 
A woman who had been suffering from migraine headaches for almost 
ten years came to me for treatments. She was experiencing a migraine at 
the time she came into my office. 
On average she had one severe attack every month that usually lasted 
three to four days. She tried taking painkillers, but they did not help. She 
tried in general to avoid known migraine triggers such as heavy red wine, 
strong scents, bright sunshine, etc., but the migraines kept recurring. 
When she felt a migraine coming on, if she could withdraw and stay in 
bed, the attack was usually not so bad. 
This woman is a journalist who wrote articles about beauty for maga-
zines. She could schedule around her deadlines if she got a headache 
because she was working from home; she could take a day or two off, and 
work when she felt up to it. However, the headaches did keep her from 
attending many social events and enjoying her weekends off. 
128 
EFTA00810130
--- PAGE 165 ---
The Polyvaga I Theory—A New Paradigm for Health Care? 
About a year before she came to me, this woman had started a new 
career as a TV journalist, which meant that she now had a harder time 
scheduling around her migraines. She had to show up for work and fol-
low the shooting schedule whether or not she had a migraine, so she felt 
she needed a more effective treatment. 
First I tested her ventral vagus (see Chapter 4) and noted that it was 
not functioning as it should. Then I instructed her to do the Basic Exer-
cise, and she did this herself; I did not even need to touch her. I tested 
her again and saw that her ventral vagus nerve was now functioning as 
it should. 
Then I showed her the four drawings of migraine pain patterns, and 
she pointed to the drawing that matched her pattern. I taught her how to 
use her own hands to treat the trigger points illustrated in that drawing. 
I certainly could have used my hands for this treatment, but I wanted 
her to do it herself so that, if she experienced migraines in the future, she 
could come back to her own muscle memory of how to achieve positive 
results on her own. Although it is nice when people come back to me 
because they remember that I helped them in the past, I think it is better 
for them to help themselves rather than depending on me or any other 
therapist. 
I asked this woman to explore the areas in her neck that generally 
corresponded to the location of the X's in the drawings. She used her 
fingers to search for areas of the muscles that were hard or painful. If an 
X area was not hard or painful, she just ignored it. Then I had her rub the 
hard or painful areas gently until she felt them relax or soften, or until the 
pain diminished. Although I coached her about what to do and where to 
put her hands, she treated herself with her own hands. By the end of the 
session, her migraine had disappeared. 
She was able to live without migraine headaches for four and a half 
months. Then, when she did feel a migraine about to start, she again did 
the Basic Exercise and massaged the trigger points. The symptoms passed 
quickly and did not develop into a full-blown migraine. 
129 
EFTA00810131
--- PAGE 166 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00810132
--- PAGE 167 ---
CHAPTER 6 
Somatopsychological Problems 
A few decades ago, medical doctors began diagnosing some health prob-
lems as "psychosomatic" (meaning that the mind causes problems in the 
body). However, few psychiatrists and psychologists have investigated the 
reverse of this: is there such a thing as a somatopsychological problem, 
where physiology is seen to affect the mind? 
The word psychology is derived from ancient Greek and means "study of 
the mind." Today, defining a problem as "psychological" usually means 
that a psychologist or psychiatrist first looks for the solution in the mind 
or emotions of their clients, most often using a verbal approach to therapy. 
In this traditional, older definition, there was no mention of the body. 
When Freud started psychoanalysis to help people with their psychologi-
cal issues, his treatment modality was 100 percent verbal. He let people 
talk without interruption, and he appeared to be listening. There was no 
dialogue; he did not even make eye contact or look at his patients face-
to-face. People stayed in psychoanalysis for years, often going to sessions 
several times a week. 
Before being trained as a psychiatrist, someone must be a medical doc-
tor. Then they undergo their own process of psychoanalysis, which may 
take several years. At one point there were very few trained psychiatrists, 
and most people could not afford their treatment. 
Psychologists created a new framework that differed from that of clas-
sical psychoanalysis. Clinical psychologists are educated over a period of 
just a few years in a university program. To help their patients improve 
their emotional states and change their behaviors, they rely on various 
models of the human psyche, and they enter into a dialogue with their 
patients using various verbal approaches. They are generally looking for 
solutions to specific problems. Although not as expensive as years of 
131 
EFTA00810133
--- PAGE 168 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
psychoanalysis, psychological treatment is still costly, requiring the time 
of a trained professional in a one-on-one situation. 
Some therapists offer group therapy, which is even less expensive, since 
many patients share the cost of a session. However, that process is more 
random, since everyone in the group, trained or untrained, gives input 
into a session. 
Today we are increasingly moving away from these modalities and 
relying primarily on prescription drugs to change our behaviors and 
emotional states. After an initial period of professional consultation to 
select the medicine and dosage, patients can go for long periods of time 
just taking their pills without needing to visit a health professional. In 
spite of the fact that prescription drugs can be expensive, they are cost-
efficient when compared to ongoing, one-on-one therapeutic processes 
with psychologists or psychiatrists. However, because more and more 
people are taking these medications, this type of treatment means a grow-
ing expense for the individual as well as for insurance companies and the 
national economy. 
Because psychiatry and psychology started out with an emphasis 
exclusively on the mind, and because of the current availability and 
widespread use of prescription medicines, we might be missing out on 
something else that can help with the health issues that these kinds of 
treatments intend to address. Perhaps there is something at our fingertips 
that has no cost or negative side effects. 
In this chapter, we will look to the body to seek alternative and com-
plementary solutions to psychological and mental health issues. We will 
investigate the possibility of regulating our own nervous systems and 
our own emotional states and behaviors. We will explore how self-help 
exercises and hands-on techniques can be perfectly safe and effective in 
achieving positive changes. 
Based on my clinical experiences over the last twelve years, I believe 
that with a working understanding of the Polyvagal Theory many of us 
can help ourselves by directly treating our own autonomic nervous sys-
tems. We may be able to overcome what have been previously considered 
to be even intractable psychological and psychiatric issues. 
132 
EFTA00810134
--- PAGE 169 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
EMOTIONS AND THE AUTONOMIC NERVOUS SYSTEM 
Are we open, friendly, communicative, and cooperative? Are we shut 
down, depressed, or apathetic? Or are we angry, aggressive, anxious, fear-
ful, or withdrawn? How do we react to other people when we are in these 
different states? 
The way other people respond to us is based on a combination of the 
state they are in and the state we are in. Our emotions play out in the 
interaction between the state of our autonomic nervous system and theirs. 
As mammals, we are social animals, and we need others. We all face 
challenges and uncertainty from time to time, and in order to improve 
our chances for survival and fulfillment we are dependent on our interac-
tion with others—family, friends, neighbors, workmates, and our social 
network. How we feel in a given situation or about a specific person is a 
factor in our behavior. Does someone need our help? Do we enjoy sharing 
time with her? Is she usually supportive? Are we willing to support her? 
Do we work well together? Do we feel safe? Is there a chance for coopera-
tion, sharing, and friendship? 
If we are single and dating someone, is there a chance for intimacy and 
long-term bonding with the other person as a potential partner? If we are 
married or in an ongoing relationship, do we have enough time together 
when we are both socially engaged? The more good times we share, the 
more we have to draw on when the going gets tough. 
Proper function of the five social-engagement cranial nerves is central 
to our communication and to bonding with others. These five nerves 
facilitate our hearing, shape the sounds of our speech, and help us to 
understand what other people are saying. Can we look at the other per-
son calmly and directly, or do we shut them out of our field of vision? 
If we feel happy and safe, we will generally be able to carry on a normal 
two-way conversation, listen to what is being said, and look at the other 
person to exchange meaningful visual cues. 
I consider the autonomic nervous system and emotional states as two 
sides of the same coin. If we want to improve our emotional state in order 
to help ourselves or others, we can accomplish this with physical actions 
133 
EFTA00810135
--- PAGE 170 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
that improve the state of our autonomic nervous system and move us out 
of a dorsal vagal or stress state into social engagement. 
A SELF-REGULATING AUTONOMIC NERVOUS SYSTEM 
Social interaction with people who are in a state of balance and social 
engagement is perhaps the most natural and helpful way to achieve self-
regulation. If we experience a problem, it is often enough to simply talk 
about it with a friend. We might sit down and eat a meal, or enjoy a cup of 
coffee or a beer together. We might sing, dance, or go for a walk together. 
Another way to self-regulate our autonomic nervous system is to do 
the exercises in this book. A host of other practices from cultures and 
traditions around the world have been used for centuries with good effect: 
meditation, tai chi, and yogic breathing (pranayama), to name a few. 
When we meditate, we sit still, overcoming any impulse to fight or run. 
We also learn to keep awake, avoiding the tendency to withdraw and dis-
sociate. When we do tai chi, we move slowly, simulating the movements 
of a very relaxed state. Moving slowly also makes it easier to sense our 
body and to be present in it. 
If we can maintain a ventral vagal state, or at least return to it quickly 
after stress or emotional withdrawal, we can achieve optimal health and 
well-being. We can open the way to realizing our human potential, enjoy-
ing being with other people, and doing what we want with our lives. 
A FRESH LOOK AT COMMON PSYCHOLOGICAL DIAGNOSES 
I am neither a psychologist nor a psychiatrist; however, in forty-five years 
as a body therapist, I have encountered many clients diagnosed by a psy-
chologist or psychiatrist. I have also taken many courses in these areas. 
But I have learned the most from my clients who shared their case stories 
with me. 
In this chapter I will present some of these stories. The stories and 
my commentary are purely anecdotal, based on my own experiences 
from my practice over the years, seen in the light of my personal and 
134 
EFTA00810136
--- PAGE 171 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
limited understanding of the Polyvagal Theory and its implications. I 
hope to inspire you—or perhaps provoke you—to take a fresh look at 
some of these issues, whether you are a trained health care professional, 
a consumer using health care professionals, or just someone trying to 
get a better understanding of your own issues in order to help yourself 
and/or loved ones. 
I believe that there is an interrelationship between the mind, body, and 
emotions. Issues as different as post-traumatic stress, anxiety, phobias, 
and autism spectrum disorders have a somatic component, and almost 
all cases of so-called psychological problems include a lack of flexibility 
and resilience in the autonomic nervous system. 
I have found it both interesting and efficacious to consider the somatic 
component of what we generally term "psychological issues." A great deal 
of healing potential becomes available when we consider the possibility 
of identifying and treating the physical manifestations of the autonomic 
nervous system at the outset of psychiatric and psychological treatments. 
If there is indeed a unity of mind-body-emotion, it follows that we 
might be able to help people with psychological diagnoses by starting 
their treatment with body-therapy techniques, especially if these can 
bring them out of a state of chronic stress or dorsal vagal activity and 
toward greater flexibility of autonomic response. 
Anxiety and Panic Attacks 
Since the beginnings of psychiatry at the end of the nineteenth century, 
there has been a strong focus on anxiety disorders. 
Occasional anxiety is a normal part of life. We might feel anxious when 
faced with a problem at work, before taking a test, or when making an 
important decision. But anxiety disorders involve more than temporary 
worry or fear. For some of us, anxiety can become excessive, and while 
we may realize this, we may have difficulty controlling it, so that anxiety 
may negatively affect our day-to-day living. 
For a person with an anxiety disorder, the anxiety does not go away 
and can get worse over time. The feelings can interfere with daily 
135 
EFTA00810137
--- PAGE 172 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
activities, such as job performance, schoolwork, and relationships. Mod-
ern surveys find that some form of anxiety disorder affects as many as 18 
percent of people in the United States in a typical twelve-month period; 
over the course of their lifetimes, 30 percent will experience some anxiety 
disorder." 
What we call "fear" is a psychological process involving nervous-system 
activation in the face of a threatening situation. Fear can immobilize us 
(via dorsal vagal activity) or mobilize us to fight or flight (from activity of 
the sympathetic chain). Physical symptoms can include rapid heartbeat 
(tachycardia), increased respiration, the release of high levels of stress 
hormones, blushing, difficulty speaking, and sweating in the palms of 
the hands, soles of the feet, and armpits. 
Anxiety is similar to fear in terms of its physical manifestations. How-
ever, anxiety may not necessarily occur in response to an actual situation. 
Something can remind us of an event in our past, or we may project our 
imagination onto something that might happen in the future. In either 
case, the threat is not happening now. Nonetheless, this emotional state 
is real, and it exists in the body in present time. 
When anxious, we find that we cannot get the concerns out of our 
minds. If another person tells us there is nothing to worry about, it does 
not quiet our minds; it can sometimes upset us even more. We may 
respond, "Are you saying my feelings aren't real?" 
Panic attacks are brief experiences of intense terror and apprehension. 
They arise abruptly and usually peak in less than ten minutes, although 
uncomfortable feelings can continue for several hours. Sometimes the 
specific cause of a panic attack is not apparent. In other cases, we can 
ascertain that it was triggered by general factors such as stress, fear, or 
even excessive exercise. 
People having a panic attack display recognizable signs of fear. Their 
physical symptoms include trembling, shaking, confusion, dizziness, nau-
sea, and difficulty breathing. Their appearance looks strained, their skin is 
pale, and they have increased sweating in the palms of their hands, soles 
of their feet, and armpits. Their sweat has a characteristic odor. 
Dogs and other mammals respond immediately to body smells arising 
136 
EFTA00810138
--- PAGE 173 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
from different emotional states. People also react instinctively to the smell 
of fear in another person, even though they might not be conscious of 
it. Many people try to mask olfactory signs of fear and anxiety by using 
perfumes, deodorants, or foot powders. However, it is difficult to mask a 
cold, clammy hand and a limp handshake when meeting someone. 
Sometimes anxiety and panic attacks can be effectively addressed with 
exercises or hands-on techniques that help bring us out of a state of sym-
pathetic nervous system or dorsal vagal activation into a state of social 
engagement. 
We sometimes refer to "the drop that made the pitcher overflow!" If an 
anxious person uses the Basic Exercise regularly, they can minimize the 
frequency and intensity of panic or anxiety attacks and, in some cases, 
even prevent attacks. Doing the exercise regularly is like reducing the 
amount of water in the pitcher, so that it can hold many more drops 
without overflowing. 
It is also important to be aware that anxiety can be a side effect of a 
prescription drug, or indicate a substance-abuse problem, since medica-
tions and other drugs alter the state of the autonomic nervous system. 
CASE STUDY: ANXIETY AND PANIC ATTACKS 
I had a client who was bothered by anxiety and panic attacks that were 
keeping her from acting on her desire to have a baby. She also experienced 
pain in the right side of her abdomen. 
The anxiety had started fifteen years earlier, when she was eighteen years 
old and had a surgical operation to remove her ileocecal valve. Problems 
with the ileocecal valve can be debilitating, and often occur with colitis, 
abdominal pain, groin pain, bloating, unpleasant body odor, gas, disten-
sion of the belly, and breathing problems such as asthma and "cold lunge 
The ileocecal valve controls the flow of chyme from the small intes-
tine into the large intestine. Chyme is the thick, semifluid mass of partly 
digested food and secretions formed in the stomach and small intestine 
during digestion. Normally, the ileocecal valve is closed most of the time, 
only opening for short periods to allow the passage of chyme. When the 
137 
EFTA00810139
--- PAGE 174 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
chyme reaches the large intestine, excess water is absorbed into the body, 
and the remaining fiber and other wastes are packed together, formed 
into feces, and eliminated. 
Problems arise if the ileocecal valve does not open properly. Problems 
also occur if it stays open too long, allowing chyme from the small intes-
tine to move unrestricted into the large intestine, or to move backwards 
from the large into the small intestine. 
In addition to anxiety symptoms, this client had occasional short peri-
ods of intense pain on the right side of her abdomen (where the ileocecal 
valve is located or, in her case, had been located before her surgery). Her 
doctor took her physical pains quite seriously and wanted to be sure that 
the operation had gone properly. They did several MRIs and two lapa-
roscopic explorations, but found that everything looked all right; they 
could find nothing to explain her pain. 
When I asked why she had had the operation in the first place, she said 
that it was because of pain. But years after the operation, she still had pain 
in the same area. And despite her psychological pain and suffering, the 
surgeon expressed no interest in her symptoms of anxiety, even though 
these had appeared shortly after the operation. Also, no doctor had ever 
evaluated the function of her autonomic nervous system. 
The dorsal branch of the vagus nerve innervates most of the organs 
of digestion, including the small intestine, the ileocecal valve, and the 
ascending and transverse parts of the large intestine. It receives sensory 
input from the organs themselves, and exerts motor control over their 
functions. 
The first thing that I did in my treatment was to evaluate the state of 
her nervous system by looking at the back of her throat when she said, 
"ah-ah-ah." The uvula pulled to one side (indicating dysfunction of the 
pharyngeal branch of the ventral vagus nerve, described in Chapter 4). I 
also did the Trap Squeeze Test (see Chapter 5) to check the level of ten-
sion in the two sides of her trapezius muscles. There was a dear difference 
between her right and left sides. 
My first objective was to help get the woman's autonomic nervous 
system into a ventral vagal state. I instructed her on how to do the Basic 
138 
EFTA00810140
--- PAGE 175 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
Exercise. One of the great things about this exercise is that clients can do 
it themselves. It took less than two minutes for me to teach her how to 
do the Basic Exercise, and less than two minutes for her to do it. After 
she did the exercise, she felt much better, and she reported that she no 
longer felt anxious. 
The muscular tension in her trapezius on the tense side had also 
relaxed; when I squeezed the trapezius muscles, the muscular tension 
was similar on both sides. To make doubly sure that there had been a 
desirable change, I looked at the back of her throat and saw her uvula 
lifting symmetrical on both sides. 
I also performed an osteopathic visceral-massage technique to relax 
tensions in the ileocecal valve, which usually eliminates pain immediately. 
This client's surgeon assumed that the operation was a success, in terms 
of its limited objective of removing her ileocecal valve. Until she consulted 
me, however, no one considered the possibility that her operation had 
been a traumatic experience that left her autonomic nervous system in a 
state of dorsal vagal activity. 
With appropriate treatment, this client made the transition out of a 
debilitating state of anxiety and into the desirable state of social engage-
ment. I emphasized to her that she had made the positive change all by 
herself, and told her that she could always do the exercise in the future if 
she ever felt anxiety again. 
Then I asked her to think about the difficulties triggered by her anxiety 
in the past. Just thinking about my question was enough to put her into 
a tailspin, into another state of anxiety. She lost her smile and held her 
breath, and the skin on her face went pale. So I asked her to repeat the 
Basic Exercise, and she again told me that she felt better. She looked more 
relaxed, with good color in her face, and her breathing was deeper. She 
also told me that she felt the change from anxiety to calm. 
When I asked her once again to think about the trouble that the anxi-
ety had caused her, she was able to remain calm, and said she thought 
she could manage the anxiety on her own in the future. I tested her auto-
nomic nervous system again and found that she was still in a state of 
ventral vagal activity. She felt no pain. 
139 
EFTA00810141
--- PAGE 176 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
These improvements came in a single session. The client thought it 
was a miracle, after all the pain and anxiety that she had suffered before 
her treatment with me. For me, although I was flattered to hear this, it 
seemed a shame that the surgeon never examined her autonomic nervous 
system and did not have a knowledge of visceral massage. 
A year and a half later, I received an email from this woman. She 
thanked me for my treatment and wrote that she no longer suffered from 
anxiety. I suggested that she come for another session with me in order 
to release any tension that might still remain in the scar tissue, since her 
long-term improvement depended not only on improving the function 
of the vagus nerve but on release of the trauma held in scar tissue locally. 
Pain in the body can cause anxiety. A surgical operation, even though 
it was consciously chosen, is still an assault on the integrity of the body 
and, like any trauma, can leave its mark. 
SOCIAL REGULATION OF ANXIETY STATES 
Simple, everyday social interactions with supportive family, friends, 
and colleagues can help regulate our psychological state. We should not 
underestimate the importance of chatting, small talk, and simple social 
situations like eating together, having a cup of coffee, or taking a walk 
with someone. Good social relationships help our nervous systems to 
self-regulate. 
Like weeding a garden, if we have been victimized we should eliminate 
or minimize contact with people who make us feel bad, and maximize 
the time spent with people who support us and leave us feeling better. 
When we have been traumatized and then become socially engaged 
and leave treatment, we will encounter new situations in which we might 
again feel threatened. At first we may need a therapist's support to be 
restored to a state of social engagement, but the ideal outcome is having 
the tools to be able to reach it ourselves. Each time we get back up, we 
weaken the hold that the traumatic pattern has had on us; we can rest 
and restore ourselves, making more energy available for us to meet the 
next challenges in life. 
140 
EFTA00810142
--- PAGE 177 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
If we feel that our social network is inadequate, we may also experience 
helpful and positive interactions by turning to health professionals such 
as massage therapists, counselors, coaches, psychologists, or psychiatrists. 
We may choose to consult a religious or spiritual teacher or leader. We 
may also find solace in prayer, or read religious and spiritual texts to help 
put things in perspective. 
TREATING ANXIETY IN CHILDREN 
Parents or other adults often tell children, "There is nothing to be afraid 
of." In many cases, this reassurance from a loving parent or a trusted dose 
friend is enough to make someone feel safe. 
It would be even more effective, however, if the adult began by saying, 
"I understand that you are feeling afraid?' This gives the child assurance 
that they have been heard, and the knowledge that fear (like other emo-
tions) is a normal life experience. 
The adult can then continue: "There is nothing to be afraid of. It will 
be all right." Then a little hug helps, so that the child gets positive physical 
contact and can feel the relaxation of the adult. 
Phobias 
Phobias are the single largest category of anxiety disorders, and they can 
be incapacitating. A phobia is characterized by an experience of extreme 
fear, with a specific trigger that sets off a state of anxiety or a panic attack. 
Physiologically, fear arises from a reaction in the sympathetic division of 
the autonomic nervous system. 
Between 5 and 12 percent of the world's entire population is esti-
mated to suffer from phobic disorders.' Sufferers typically anticipate 
terrifying consequences from encountering the object of their fear. They 
want to flee, but they are immobilized. They may understand intellectu-
ally that their reaction of fear is irrational and out of proportion to the 
potential danger, but they are still overwhelmed by their fear." 
141 
EFTA00810143
--- PAGE 178 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Psychologists and therapists often focus on the object of fear, such 
as heights (acrophobia), not having enough space (claustrophobia), or 
spiders (arachnophobia). Their diagnoses focus on the triggers, which 
may or may not be easily linked to specific biographical events. A pho-
bia might be caused by experiences from the past—for example, when 
someone encountered a threatening person or a life-threatening situation. 
A phobia can just as easily come from a virtual experience, in which the 
person suffering the phobia did not actually experience the event—for 
example, it might have come from someone else telling a story, or from 
watching a scene in a movie. 
A list of phobias in Wikipedia—which notes that this list is incomplete 
and invites re 
to add to it—included twenty-three entries that begin 
with the lette 
alone. This gives us an idea of how wide-ranging this 
problem is, and gives the impression that almost anything can trigger the 
same kind of anxiety response. 
In order to better understand something, we tend to classify it and give 
it a name. But rather than considering ablutophobia (fear of washing) as 
basically different from acousticophobia (fear of noise), for example, it 
may be more useful to move our focus away from the triggers and toward 
an understanding of the physiological activity in the autonomic nervous 
system in all cases of phobia. 
You might be able to assist people with phobias if you can help them 
return from a state of extreme fear to a state of social engagement using 
the Basic Exercise (see Part Two). The effect can be similar to what parents 
do when they help their children by hugging and holding them until the 
child relaxes and feels safe again. 
Whereas physical contact is natural between a parent and a child, in 
a professional psychological intervention there should be no physical 
contact. Therefore, a therapist needs to find another way to make the cli-
ent feel safe again, and directing a client to use the Basic Exercise might 
be an ideal solution. 
142 
EFTA00810144
--- PAGE 179 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
Antisocial Behavior and Domestic Violence 
Most people consider normal human behavior as an expression of posi-
tive social values. When people are not socially engaged, however, it is 
often hard for others to understand their behavior. 
Some people who commit aggressive acts do not have any idea that 
there is anything wrong with them; they are convinced that the other 
person caused or justifies their behavior. In other words, aggressive people 
believe their actions to be a natural response: "He had it coming." They 
might even consider their action as helping the other person: "It's the 
only way that she will learn." 
It may be difficult to understand why seemingly normal people com-
mit violent crimes. Observing their actions, we can conclude that they 
lack empathy, but that does not tell us what is going on inside them. 
What drives them? Is it territory, power, money, sex, jealousy, or maybe 
alienation? Or is it just an unpleasant feeling that intensifies and then 
explodes like a bomb into antisocial behavior? Many violent crimes are 
not premeditated. 
I heard an ex-convict in Denmark speak in a radio interview. He had 
been in prison for most of his adult years for many different offenses, 
including several bank robberies. After leaving prison, he joined a volun-
tary rehabilitation program that included yoga, meditation, and breath-
ing exercises, and felt that this program had given him control over his 
emotions and his actions. 
When the moderator asked him if he had any remorse about the effects 
of his actions on his victims, he said no—not when he was committing 
the crimes. "In a war," he said,"the enemy soldiers have no faces." It wasn't 
until he had stopped his criminal activities and had been in the rehabilita-
tion program that he started to think of the effects on the other people. 
The perpetrator of a violent crime may or may not have a rational 
motive that other people can understand, but still somehow they entered 
a psychophysiological state of fight or flight that drove their actions. 
143 
EFTA00810145
--- PAGE 180 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
"NICE GUY" COMMITS WAR CRIMES 
A young man enlisted in the army to serve his country, and was trained to 
fight. He also learned the rules of conduct expected for soldierly behavior 
in a war zone, according to the Geneva Convention—not to torture, not 
to kill civilians, not to rape, not to steal. 
Almost all soldiers adhere to these rules, but occasionally something 
else happens. On a routine patrol, this young soldier's best friend was 
killed by an enemy sniper. Then a few more of his friends were killed 
or wounded in an ambush by a roadside bomb. Suddenly, the soldier 
snapped. He ran amok, gathered a few innocent civilians, tied them up, 
raped one of the women in front of her family, and then massacred them 
all. He was brought to trial by the army, found guilty, and sentenced to 
a long prison term. 
The soldier's parents and friends back home were shocked. They could 
not believe that he was capable of doing anything like this: "He was such 
a nice boy, and he came from a good family." "This was so unlike him." 
"He had always been positive, helpful, and friendly when he was grow-
ing up." The term "intermittent explosive disorder" describes the occur-
rence of discrete episodes of aggression to other people or to property. 
The individual may say that the explosive behavior was preceded by a 
sense of tension or arousal. From the perspective of the autonomic ner-
vous system, intermittent explosive behavior is an example of extreme 
mobilization with fear. Like anxiety, it results in uncontrollable fight or 
flight behavior. 
Individual acts of intermittent explosive behavior show up regularly 
on the evening news—shooting children and teachers at an elementary 
school, blowing up a church, or suicide bombings. We watch the reports, 
we are fascinated by the events, and we think to ourselves that we cannot 
understand how someone could do something like that to other people. 
The individual's behavior does not seem justified; the violent episodes 
appear to be grossly out of proportion to any provocation. If you ask 
the person why they committed the act, they may not be able to give an 
answer or, if they do, it will not make sense to anyone else. They might 
144 
EFTA00810146
--- PAGE 181 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
say that they felt a (5 
of relief are usualk 
episodes can follow. 
c of relief immediately afterward. However, feelings 
d v, hen the level of tension rises again, subsequent 
CASE STUDY: ONGOING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE 
Domestic violence is quite different than facing the enemy in a war, or 
being the victim of random violence in the street. Some people become 
victims of domestic violence simply when a love relationship goes sour. 
Let's shift our focus from the perpetrator of violence to the victim. A 
man and woman are attracted to each other, and they spend more time 
together; they eventually move in together and start a family. She feels 
safe with him; she might even feel that he is her protector. Then one day, 
he suddenly loses his temper and hits her. She is surprised and shocked, 
and starts to cry. 
When things settle down, he gives her a hug and says he is sorry. She 
asks him to promise that he will never do it again, and he promises. After 
a while, they put the incident behind them. At first she is wary, but he 
seems to have settled down. Their life together goes on as before—almost. 
One day, out of the blue, he gets angry and hits her again. She is not 
only in physical pain, she also feels threatened. When his anger fades, he 
says he regrets it. Again, they kiss and make up, but as this cycle repeats 
itself, at some point she moves from feeling safe to living in constant 
fear. He is physically stronger, so she cannot win in a physical fight. She 
sometimes fantasizes about hitting him with a frying pan while he sleeps. 
She considers taking the children and running away. But where would 
she go? Where would she live? How could she support herself and her 
children? What would other people say? She feels trapped, and cannot see 
any viable choices. Reluctantly, she stays. But the joy that she originally felt 
from being with him at the start of their relationship is dead. He notices 
that she has cooled to him emotionally, which upsets him even further: 
"What is wrong with you?" 
After a few more incidents, she loses any will to fight back or run away. 
She just endures, and dissociates from her body when she is attacked, as if 
145 
EFTA00810147
--- PAGE 182 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
she does not care what is happening to her. She may even see herself from 
a distance when she is being hit. She is just hoping that this will soon be 
over. But eventually, she even stops hoping. 
This woman has made a long, unwanted journey from love (social 
engagement) to mobilization with fear (fighting back and/or running 
away) to immobilization with fear. She has succumbed to a state that 
we can describe as "freeze," with the accompanying emotions of apathy, 
detachment, and hopelessness. Perhaps giving in and being passive when 
he attacked her helped her to survive; she might have been even more 
injured if she had fought back, or if she ran away and he came after her. 
She is too ashamed to tell other people, so she suffers alone. The 
responses of others may often sound like condemnation: "If it was so 
terrible, why didn't you run away?""Why didn't you call me? I would have 
helped you:'"How could you let him continue to do this to you?""If you 
were so stupid and did not do anything, it's your own fault." These com-
ments seem unfair when what she needs is a feeling of being understood, 
a feeling of safety and support. 
Other people are unlikely to understand that her nervous system had 
been hammered down the evolutionary scale from social engagement 
to stress and finally to withdrawal and apathy. It was her traumatized 
nervous system that contributed to her behavior. People assumed that 
she was the same person they knew before—a rational, well-functioning, 
and socially engaged person. People can be quick to judge without unde-
rstanding the instinctive, emotional mechanisms behind such changes. 
As a first step, a woman who has been abused needs to find a safe 
environment where she is free from further abuse. The events in the past 
have already occurred, and we cannot change them, but we can change 
the way that we react to them emotionally. 
Is it possible to recover from these abuses and return to a normal 
life? By the time that the woman I've just described came to me for her 
first session, she was already out of the relationship. The first thing I did 
was to test the function of the ventral branch of her vagus nerve. Not 
surprisingly, I found her in a state of dorsal vagal activity. Near the end 
of the first treatment, I tested her again and found that she had come 
146 
EFTA00810148
--- PAGE 183 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
up to a state of social engagement. Before ending the session, I did some 
additional work on her neck and back, and she told me that she felt 
much better. 
However, when she returned for her next session two weeks later, she 
was back in a state of pain, confusion, withdrawal, and apathy. Again 
she responded positively to the session, and came back up to a level of 
social engagement. She returned several more times. Each time she left 
my office, she had come up to social engagement, and the positive effects 
lasted longer and longer. Over time, my treatments were enough to bring 
her out of fear, sadness, and despair. Every time that she got back to a 
state of social engagement, she was less affected by the more difficult 
emotional states. When a person is socially engaged even some of the 
time, their interaction with others can be enough to begin to regulate 
their own nervous system. 
This client came to me before I had developed and tested the Basic 
Exercise. After a few sessions, I taught her how to release the tension at 
the back of her neck with the Neuro-Fascial Release Technique described 
in Part Two. Rather than needing to come to me for a session each time, 
she could use the technique to help regulate herself whenever she felt 
afraid, angry, or powerless. 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE: NOT JUST MEN BEATING WIVES 
Men can be beaten by their wives, children beaten by their parents, and 
parents beaten by their children. Although individuals seldom talk about 
having been sexually victimized or physically abused, domestic violence 
is a more serious problem than many people realize, since most people 
do not readily admit to being a victim of domestic violence. 
When I discuss domestic violence in front of a class, although they 
do not say anything, I can see strong emotional reactions in the faces of 
many women. They may have experienced violent behavior from a father 
who hit them to make a point about how they should behave, or a date 
who had expectations about sex that they did not fulfill, or a husband 
over a disagreement about the family budget. It might also be that these 
147 
EFTA00810149
--- PAGE 184 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
women were thinking about a girlfriend, daughter, mother, or someone 
else close to them who was a victim of domestic violence. 
How widespread is the problem of domestic violence, interpersonal 
violence, and stalking? 
The US government's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
(CDC) conducts an ongoing National Intimate Partner and Sexual Vio-
lence Survey.69 They have found interpersonal violence, sexual violence, 
and stalking to be pervasive in the United States. Intimate partner vio-
lence occurs between two people in a close relationship, including cur-
rent and former spouses as well as dating partners. The violence tracked 
included hurting or trying to hurt a partner by hitting, kicking, or other 
kinds of physical force. The frequency of such violence exists along a 
continuum from a single episode to ongoing battering. 
The CDC reports the following in a report titled Intimate Partner 
Violence in the United States-201e° 
• Nearly one in five women (18%) and one in seventy-one men 
(1.4%) have been raped in their lifetime. 
• One in four women (25%) and one in seven men (14%) have 
been the victim of "severe" physical violence by an intimate 
partner. 
• One in six women (17%) and one in nineteen men (5%) have 
been stalked during their lifetime. 
• Women who experienced physical violence by an intimate part-
ner, or rape or stalking by any perpetrator, in their lifetimes were 
more likely than women who did not experience these to have 
asthma, diabetes, and irritable bowel syndrome. 
Men and women who experienced these forms of violence were 
more likely to report frequent headaches, chronic pain, difficulty 
sleeping, activity limitations, poor physical health, and poor men-
tal health than men and women who did not experience them. 
It should be noted that statistics such as these will always underest{tnate 
the problem because many victims feel ashamed or threatened, and often 
148 
EFTA00810150
--- PAGE 185 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
they do not report such violence to police or health care practitioners, or 
even talk about it to friends or family. 
The majority of this victimization starts early in life. Often intimate-
partner violence starts with emotional abuse, and can progress to physi-
cal abuse, sexual assault, or a mixture of both. The longer the violence 
continues, the more serious are the psychological effects. 
The traumatic experiences have both short-term and long-term con-
sequences. Symptoms may include flashbacks, panic attacks, and trouble 
sleeping. Victims are often left with low self-esteem, can have a hard time 
trusting others, and experience difficulties being in relationships. The 
anger, fear, withdrawal, and helplessness that victims feel may lead to 
eating disorders, symptoms arising from activity of the dorsal circuit 
of the vagus nerve, and suicidal thoughts. Intimate-partner violence is 
linked to harmful health behaviors when victims try to cope with their 
trauma in unhealthy ways such as smoking, drinking, taking drugs, or 
having risky sex. 
When a person is being violated, their nervous system is often in a 
state of shock or shutdown in which they are vulnerable to hypnotic 
suggestions, i.e., whatever is said to them by their abuser is fully accepted 
without critical evaluation. Sometimes victims of abuse have also been 
threatened that "If you ever tell anyone about this, I will kill you:' 
This can make it difficult or even impossible to get a victim to talk 
about what happened. A therapist who suspects that this is the case can 
ask "Just answer me, yes or no—has anyone ever threatened to harm you 
if you speak about this?" If they say "yes:' the therapist may have unlocked 
the door, if the patient is no longer under the compulsion to refrain from 
talking about what happened. 
BRAIN CHANGES FROM DOMESTIC VIOLENCE 
With traumatized victims as well as perpetrators, there are actual changes 
in the structures and function of their brains, especially in the amygdala. 
The amygdala lies in the temporal lobe, in the midbrain. It is involved in 
how we respond emotionally to events and information, and contributes 
149 
EFTA00810151
--- PAGE 186 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
to determining how we behave when faced with potential risks. On scans, 
the amygdala shows increased activity during negative emotional experi-
ences, and when we endure repeated or prolonged periods of stress, our 
amygdala becomes enlarged. An enlarged amygdala can make it easier to 
go into a state of stress or shutdown." 
The hippocampus is in 
temporal lobes next to the amygdala, and it 
is where we store our non rel atic memories. As the amygdala enlarges, 
the hippocampus shrinks from continued exposure to threatening and 
dangerous experiences." 
MOVING OUT OF THE PAST AND RECONNECTING 
TO FUTURE DREAMS 
If we have suffered a trauma, we will recover more quickly if we can 
remember our life dreams, mission, and/or goals, which give meaning 
to our lives. 
I asked my client who had been domestically abused, "What is the 
dream that you had for your life, which you have forgotten? What do 
you want to do?" She said that she wanted to make a good life for herself 
and her son. In this way she began to look forward to creating her future 
rather than fixating on what happened in the past. 
My clinical experience is that the victim of a single traumatic experi-
ence can usually return to a normal state quickly. By contrast, the victim 
of domestic violence may have suffered a series of assaults, both physical 
and psychological, over a long period of time, and is therefore less likely 
to bounce back quickly. 
A successful treatment outcome requires lifting the patient back up 
to the level of social engagement again and again until they are stable 
enough to be self-regulating and function normally. Recovering their 
previous dreams is helpful in this process. 
150 
EFTA00810152
--- PAGE 187 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) 
Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), sometimes referred to as post-
traumatic stress syndrome (PTSS), has become a common diagnosis. With 
the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, we have become increasingly aware of 
the enormous number of veterans afflicted with post-traumatic stress. 
TRAUMA AND THE AUTONOMIC NERVOUS SYSTEM 
Ideally, if we have a resilient autonomic nervous system, we rebound to 
a state of social engagement after a period of time following a traumatic 
event. Unfortunately, many people do not bounce back. 
Everyone experiences events that are intense, shocking, and distress-
ing, but we react differently to similar events. Some of us are able to get 
over them quickly, return to a state of balance, equilibrium, and social 
engagement, and get on with our lives. Others are changed by what hap-
pened, and the effects can be long-lasting, draining, and even incapacitatU 
ing. The negative consequences can even last for the rest of the person's 
life. If a person is locked into a state of spinal sympathetic activity,"post-
traumatic stress" is an accurate description. 
However, after a trauma, not everyone is left in a state of chronic stress. 
Many people are actually left in a state of dorsal vagal activity with depres-
sive behavior, and describing their condition as "post-traumatic stress" 
is inaccurate, confusing, and leads to ineffective treatments. It would be 
more accurate to talk about two different outcomes after a trauma: a 
chronic, post-traumatic, spinal sympathetic activation state (the fight-or-
flight stress response), or a post-traumatic state of chronic dorsal vagal 
activity (withdrawal or shutdown). 
Sometimes a person with PTSD/PTSS flip-flops between these two 
states, both of which prevent a state of social engagement. The problem 
for many soldiers returning home with a diagnosis of post-traumatic 
stress is that often the people treating them have not found effective treat-
ments. Sadly, many men and women who have served their country in 
battle therefore wind up socially isolated, and an alarmingly high number 
of them commit suicide. 
151 
EFTA00810153
--- PAGE 188 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
I find that simply using the term "PTSD" is not specific enough, is 
misleading, and often causes confusion. The label "post-traumatic stress" 
describes an ongoing physical and emotional reaction to an event that 
happened sometime in the past. It does not indicate the nature of the 
problems that are currently resulting from that trauma; it just acknowl-
edges that something traumatic occurred and that the repercussions are 
ongoing. 
Many patients who come to my clinic with a diagnosis of post-
traumatic stress are not stressed in their nervous system (via spinal 
sympathetic chain activation) but are actually in a chronic dorsal vagal 
state. They are not mobilized into fight or flight but immobilized into 
fear, apathy, and hopelessness. Trying to treat them as if they are stressed 
can therefore be confusing and counterproductive. 
We get a clearer and more useful picture by differentiating between 
post-traumatic stress and post-traumatic shutdown. Are the patient's 
behaviors and symptoms a sign of sympathetic nervous system activ-
ity, or of dorsal branch activity? Sympathetic chain activity results in 
what we usually describe as "stressibehaviors, while dorsal vagal activity 
leaves a person withdrawn and exhibiting depressive behavior. Shutdown 
to any degree occurs from a surge of activity in the dorsal (old) vagus 
branch. Mammals share this shutdown reaction with all the other phyla 
and almost all vertebrates, all the way down the evolutionary ladder to 
fish without jaws such as lampreys. 
When treating post-traumatic stress, therapists tend to focus on the 
trauma itself rather than the psychophysiological fixation that followed 
the event. Recalling the experience and telling someone else about it is 
certainly one way to ease post-traumatic stress, but it is not the only way, 
and it can often backfire, as the person can become re-traumatized by 
recounting it. In many cases, it is easier and more effective for a therapist 
to bypass recall of the event, and work with exercises or hands-on trea-
tments to restore a state of social engagement. 
A project in Denmark involved a group of therapists who treated vic-
tims of trauma from the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. The therapists 
included traditional psychologists, a craniosacral therapist, and body 
152 
EFTA00810154
--- PAGE 189 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
therapists using various modalities. All of the subjects received the same 
number of sessions, which included both verbal and nonverbal therapies. 
Some started with craniosacral therapy, followed by other body therapies, 
and others started with more traditional, verbal forms of therapy. 
Looking back on the results, the therapists noticed that the subjects 
who started with the nonverbal craniosacral therapy had better results 
than the subjects who started by talking about what they had experienced. 
One of the psychologists in the group, Marc Levin, speculated that when 
people felt safe and relaxed after the body therapy, they felt more robust 
and therefore more open when they started to talk about what they had 
experienced. By contrast, when people talked about their experiences first, 
it seemed harder for them to let go of it; some of them may have actually 
restimulated the trauma." 
When people recall traumatic events in a therapy session, they may 
go into a hypnotic trance and restimulate the emotional state from that 
event. If the therapist makes a comment such as, "That was terrible," the 
remark can be imprinted on top of the person's own experience, so that it 
is no longer only the client's own belief. Now there is another person—an 
authority figure—who agrees with the grievance, and this may reinforce 
its effect. It is thus possible for people to leave their session in worse shape 
than when they came in. 
DORSAL BRANCH ACTIVITY AND PTSD 
The goal of my treatments for people with a diagnosis of PTSD is to lift 
them out of a state of activity in their spinal sympathetic circuit or dorsal 
vagal nerve, and to bring them into the state of social engagement. The 
next challenge is to help them stay socially engaged by repeating this 
whenever necessary. 
It's incorrect to assume that activity of the dorsal branch is a purely 
psy-chological issue to be treated verbally; it is more aptly termed a psy-
chophysiological state. Medical doctors often treat mental manifestations 
of dorsal branch activity biochemically, with antidepressant medications, 
many of which work as stimulants and create an aroused state in the 
153 
EFTA00810155
--- PAGE 190 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
nervous system. This helps people to mobilize generally, but it does not 
bring about desirable social behaviors, or states of happiness or joy. 
A new understanding of stress and the role of the vagus nerve branches 
can be a great help in treating many psychiatric and psychological dis-
orders. Physiological states driven by activation of visceral organs through 
the dorsal vagal branch result in a tremendous drain of resources and loss 
of quality of life—not only for the individuals themselves, their families, 
and the people around them, but through their economic impact on 
society in the treatment of these psychological issues. I believe that it is 
possible to bring a depressed person up to the highest level of autonomic 
function with the simple and cost-free hands-on techniques and exercises 
described in this book. 
RESTORING FUNCTION AFTER A TRAUMATIC EVENT 
The autonomic nervous system normally has an inherent capacity to 
self-regulate. If we feel safe in both our environment and our body, then 
it is natural to be socially engaged—to share and be at ease with others. 
Similarly, we can be immobilized without fear in order to rest, rebuild 
the body, and reproduce. 
Social interaction with other people where we feel safe often restores 
our ability to return from stress or shutdown to social engagement. 
However, this does not always happen. The actual situation may be over; 
we have stopped running or fighting, and we are now free of the threat 
or danger—but our nervous system can become stuck in the past, and 
remain in a state of fight, flight, or,7reez41(dissociation). Post-traumatic 
stress occurs when the survival responses of fight, flight, or freeze have 
been aroused but not fully discharged. 
When our nervous system is deregulated, we dissociate. We lose contact 
with our body, with other people, or with the here and now. We therefore 
become ineffective and vulnerable. Many commonly used phrases describe 
this; "out of touch,""not with it,"“beside myself." In terms of the nervous 
system, we have lost function in the ventral branch of the vagus nerve. 
This can be observed by the vagal-function testing described in Chapter 4. 
154 
EFTA00810156
--- PAGE 191 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
The trick for restoring self-regulating vagal function is to do some-
thing to get ourselves grounded again, to come back to our senses, be 
in our body, and return to the here and now. Some of us are helped by 
meditation, some by prayer, others by going fishing or getting away to a 
quiet place alone to be able to think things through. 
In Part Two of this book, I present some exercises that help most 
people to get back in touch with themselves again by restoring ventral 
vagal function within a few minutes. I also present a hands-on technique 
called the Neuro-Fascial Release Technique by which one person can help 
another to restore their vagal function. 
Some of us might seek the assistance of a therapist, coach, or teacher. 
The important thing is not what these health care professionals call their 
method, or what positive results they claim they can deliver, but whether 
or not their methods actually work for us. If tests showed that the ventral 
vagus nerve was dysfunctional before the intervention, then the same tests 
should show that the ventral vagus nerve has become functional after the 
intervention is applied. 
If we are trying to restore the regulation of our nervous system with 
social interaction, we must be sure that the people with whom we choose 
to interact are themselves well functioning. A simple way of evaluating 
this is to ask ourselves, "When I am with them, do I feel better afterward?" 
We have all had experiences of being with people and feeling the worse 
for it. 
Once we are balanced and self-regulating again, we should find that we 
have greater resilience when we are with the same people who brought us 
down before. Ideally, we will be less affected by them, or at least recover 
more quickly. Although we can sometimes cut down on the amount of 
time that we spend with people who upset us, we cannot always avoid 
them, so it is helpful to be able to respond more resiliently. 
It is also important to be patient. Helping ourselves successfully even 
once will make it easier the next time. Being alive entails meeting a con-
stant succession of challenges, threats, and dangers, and regulation is 
an ongoing process of successfully addressing the next difficulty when 
it arises. We will have an easier time meeting a new challenge if we can 
155 
EFTA00810157
--- PAGE 192 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
stay grounded, do not become upset, and maintain or quickly recover a 
well-functioning ventral branch of the vagus nerve. 
Depression and the Autonomic Nervous System 
Depression continues to be the leading cause of medical disability in the 
United States and Canada, accounting for nearly 10 percent of all medical 
disability." In recent years, medical doctors have been prescribing more 
and more antidepressants.% In Denmark, where I live, almost 8.3 percent 
of the population takes antidepressants.'6 The most common form of 
treatment of depression is antidepressant medications, which are cur-
rently ranked third among prescription drugs in the United States, with 
global sales of more than $9.8 billion in 2013." 
People with a diagnosis of depression, or people in a depressed state, 
typically lose interest in activities that once were pleasurable. They experi-
ence loss of appetite, overeating, or other digestive problems. They have 
reduced energy, and become inactive, introverted, apathetic, helpless, and 
asocial. They can feel sad, anxious, empty, hopeless, worthless, guilty, irri-
table, ashamed, or restless. They may experience lethargy, lack of energy, 
and a lack of goal-oriented activity. They can have problems concentrat-
ing, remembering details, or making decisions, and are often plagued 
by the aches and pains of fibromyalgia. They may contemplate, attempt, 
or actually commit suicide. These can all be symptoms of activity in the 
dorsal branch of the vagus nerve. 
If we consult with a doctor because we are not feeling good, the doctor 
might ask questions and ascertain from our responses that we are depressed 
or stressed. Rather than considering the possibility that the condition is 
transient, the doctor assumes that it is semipermanent, and we are put on 
medication. Often there is a period of adjusting the dose until we feel better. 
We may then stay on the medicine for months or even years. 
Many people who come to me wish to stop taking their medication. 
Although I support them in this desire, I tell them to only do so in con-
sultation with the physician who prescribed it. Also, I recommend looking 
on the internet to learn about the negative side effects of the medicine, 
156 
EFTA00810158
--- PAGE 193 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
and to find out whatever information is available about withdrawal symp-
toms that might occur if they stop taking it. 
A study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association 
showed that antidepressant prescriptions work no better than placebos 
in mild cases of depression." It is well known that these medicines often 
have negative side effects. Yet antidepressants are still the most commonly 
consumed class of medication in the U.S., with 270 million prescriptions 
written for them each year." 
This raises some obvious questions: Why are doctors prescribing so 
many antidepressants? Could we benefit by taking a new approach? I 
believe the underlying problem is a lack of understanding of the nature 
of the autonomic nervous system, which should normally be flexible, 
resilient and only temporarily affected by stressors. The Polyvagal Theory 
may point the way to this new approach. 
The medical literature has generally focused on the physiology of 
chronic stress, with less attention given to the physiology underlying 
depression. When people come to my clink with a diagnosis of depres-
sion from a psychologist or psychiatrist, or when they exhibit depressive 
behavior, I find that that their problem is usually accompanied by a state 
of activity in the dorsal branch of their vagus nerve. 
Prior to the Polyvagal Theory, dorsal vagal issues lacked a physiologi-
cal model in terms of the nervous system, and perhaps that is why it has 
been so difficult to find safe, effective medicine-free treatments for condi-
tions such as depression. Stephen Porges's Polyvagal Theory focuses on 
the relationships of the autonomic nervous system, the emotions, and our 
behavior, and his work has awakened a growing interest in applications 
of these understandings by psychologists, psychiatrists, and an array of 
gifted, insightful trauma therapists. 
Bipolar Disorder 
Bipolar disorder is a behavioral pattern marked by periods of height-
ened activity, elation, and euphoria ("mania"), alternating with periods 
of depressive behavior. 
157 
EFTA00810159
--- PAGE 194 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Mania is characterized by abnormally elevated energy levels and an 
elated, jubilant, euphoric mood. Periods of mania are followed by periods 
of activity of the dorsal branch of the vagus nerve, experienced as low 
energy. In some people, these mood swings are separated by periods of 
"normal" feelings; in other individuals, states of dorsal branch activity 
and mania alternate with no respite. Such people are often dissociated 
from sensing their body, and can suffer from psychotic symptoms such 
as delusions and hallucinations. Bipolar issues affect up to 4 percent of 
the U.S. population.s° 
From the perspective of the Polyvagal Theory, the manic phase can be 
seen as activation of the spinal sympathetic chain. In a manic state, the 
person expends great amounts of energy and takes many actions without 
necessarily enjoying or being satisfied by them. 
In my clinic, many clients tell me that they have been given a diagnosis 
by a professional psychologist or psychiatrist. I am not trained or qualified 
to make psychological or psychiatric diagnoses; my observations are 
anecdotal, based on treatment of these clients. It seems remarkable that 
the same approach—techniques for establishing social engagement—can 
help so many people with different psychological or psychiatric diagnoses, 
including bipolar disorder. 
CASE STUDY: BIPOLAR DISORDER 
A few years ago, a woman in her fifties came to me for craniosacral 
therapy. I asked her what she wanted in terms of positive change. She said 
that she had heard good reports about our form of craniosacral therapy, 
and "wanted to relax more." 
She went on to say that she had a diagnosis of bipolar disorder and 
had been in and out of the psychiatric hospital regularly over the last 
twenty years. She said that she experienced periods of lethargy followed 
by periods of hectic activity. 
In Denmark some hospitals have a somewhat flexible system of psychi-
atric care. After patients are admitted and have been treated for a while, 
they can ask the psychiatrist to be discharged when they feel that they can 
158 
EFTA00810160
--- PAGE 195 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
cope, and later can be re-admitted when they feel that is needed. This cli-
ent told me that when she was not in a depressed state, she felt compelled 
to action, to the point of being frantic to get everything done. Then, when 
she collapsed into depression, she would have herself hospitalized. 
When this woman told me her history, I could read in her body lan-
guage that she was dissociated, and this was confirmed by her words. 
Rather than being grounded and at ease in her body, she said she felt as 
if she were looking at her life from the outside as it passed in front of her. 
Many women experience postpartum (after childbirth) depression, 
and this woman's bipolar states had started shortly after the birth of her 
son. It's not unusual for postpartum depression to provoke a crisis in 
a woman's marriage as well as in herself; because of the wife's dorsal 
branch-induced shutdown/depression, the husband might feel that she 
is no longer the same woman he fell in love with. This particular couple's 
life took an unfortunate turn for the worse, as the birth of their baby did 
not bring them the joy they had dreamed of. 
Postpartum depression can be exacerbated if the birth was difficult, 
especially if it resulted in a cesarean section. Even when a C-section is 
necessary for medical reasons to save the life of the child or mother, it 
is still a shock for the woman's body, and leaves scar tissue not only in 
the muscles of the abdomen but also in the uterus. It can take years for 
a woman to get over postpartum depression and, unfortunately, some 
women never do. 
I told this woman that I was not qualified to treat her psychiatric con-
dition, but that I would try to help her relax by making her autonomic 
nervous system more flexible. As a body therapist, I am careful not to 
imply that I can successfully treat any psychiatric problem. If a patient 
has a psychiatric diagnosis and I do not feel totally comfortable treating 
them, I sometimes decide not to. If you are a therapist and you are ever 
in doubt in such a case, you can always ask the client to consult with their 
own psychiatrist or psychologist to determine whether there is any reason 
that you should not treat them. 
I found that this client's first two cervical vertebrae were rotated, and 
that she might benefit if we could improve the function of the ventral 
159 
EFTA00810161
--- PAGE 196 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
branch of her vagus nerve. I showed her how to do the Basic Exercise to 
improve the position of these vertebrae. Afterwards, when I checked her 
again, the first two vertebrae of her neck were less rotated, and her ventral 
vagus nerve was functional. 
A week later, when the woman came back for her next session, she 
seemed like another person; she was calm and centered. I checked her 
vagal function and the position of her first two vertebrae. These were 
still good; the effects of the first treatment had held. She told me that 
she now had good energy and was getting things done, but that she did 
them calmly. She said that she felt confident and ready to get on with her 
life again. 
I felt that we had solved the issue in her nervous system. She had 
been bipolar, moving back and forth between agitated states of stress 
and collapsed states of dorsal vagal withdrawal, without finding her way 
into social engagement. Now that she was coming from a state of social 
engagement, she felt robust, and her nervous system was flexible. She 
could be stressed or shut down temporarily, and return to social engage-
ment when the challenge passed. 
I told her that she was welcome to come back if she thought that she 
needed help again. I advised her to go to a good psychologist, and sug-
gested that she could use help to manage her relationships in a new way 
and structure her plans for her future. 
By now, her son had grown up; he was attending school and living on 
his own. My client expressed regret over missing much of the experience 
of being a mother because she had spent so much time in the psychiatric 
hospital. Over the twenty years since giving birth, she had also missed 
opportunities for an education, a career, and a meaningful job. She was 
also living with a man who had fit into her life as long as she was manic-
depressive, but their relationship no longer worked for her. 
She was not sad, however, but quietly optimistic. She was neither 
manic nor depressed when she assessed her situation; she was calm and 
spoke in a clear voice as she expressed her determination to make a good, 
meaningful life for herself. 
160 
EFTA00810162
--- PAGE 197 ---
Somatopsychological Problems 
ADHD and Hyperactivity 
In addition to chronic stimulation of the sympathetic nervous system in 
children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), I believe 
that there may be another physical cause. 
I had five clients—all boys with ADHD—during the same period of 
time, and noticed that all five had hiatal hernias,' This led me to speculate 
that the reason they continually moved from one position to another was 
to change the level of tension in their respiratory diaphragm. After a few 
seconds in the new position, that would also become uncomfortable, so 
they needed to move again. 
I was able to ease their symptoms with a combination of two tech-
niques. The Basic Exercise addressed a dysfunction in the vagus nerve, 
allowing the upper third of the esophagus to relax. This then allowed 
the hiatal hernia technique to gently stretch the esophagus so that the 
stomach could free itself from the respiratory diaphragm and drop to its 
normal position. 
Many people are diagnosed by a psychologist or psychiatrist without 
any consideration that their problems might arise from a dysfunction of 
their autonomic nervous system. It is my experience that bringing the 
person into a ventral vagal state often causes their problems to diminish 
or disappear. 
161 
EFTA00810163
--- PAGE 198 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00810164
--- PAGE 199 ---
CHAPTER 7 
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
The term autism spectrum disorders (ASD) includes autism, Asperger's 
syndrome, and other conditions. (ADHD is not defined as an autism spec-
trum disorder.) ASD encompasses a wide range of symptoms, levels of 
impairment, and disabilities that can appear in children or adults. These 
symptoms, assumed to be developmental brain disorders, can cause sig-
nificant social, behavioral, and communication challenges. However, there 
are no neural tests for these disorders. 
There are many different categories of autism. The disorders affect 
each person in a unique way, and range from very mild to severe. People 
with autism spectrum disorders share some of the same symptoms, and 
seem to handle information in their brain differently than other people 
do. The exact causes of autism spectrum disorders are unknown. Research 
suggests that both genes and environment play important roles. 
The evidence pointing to genes is based in part on the observation that 
if one identical twin is autistic, there is a good chance that the other twin 
will be as well. However, despite spending hundreds of millions of dollars, 
researchers have yet to identify which genes may be defective in cases of 
autism. Ideally, this will be determined soon, but at present there is no 
promising cure for autism spectrum disorder based on genetic research. 
Autism-spectrum diagnoses are based primarily on psychologists' 
observations of behavior. However, the people doing the testing do not 
usually consider the physiological signs of the social-engagement portion 
of the autonomic nervous system. But the autonomic nervous system in 
part determines the emotional state, and the emotional state is a contrib-
uting factor in determining behaviorl believe that if we change a person's 
emotional state, we can change their behavior. 
Might some cases of autism spectrum disorder be understood as 
manifestations of autonomic nervous system disorder? These individuals 
163 
EFTA00810165
--- PAGE 200 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
are often in a chronic state of either fight-or-flight or dorsal vagal 
withdrawal. Sometimes, for no apparent reason, they shift suddenly 
from one of these states to another, catching caretakers off guard. Their 
behavior is frequently unpredictable and inappropriate for the situation. 
Based on my clinical experience, I suggest that autism-spectrum tests 
should include evaluation of the function of their ventral vagus nerve. 
If it shows dysfunction, further research could tell whether bringing the 
patient into a state of social engagement by optimizing the function of 
this nerve brings about positive changes in their behavior. It is my belief 
that this would be the case. 
HOW PREVALENT IS AUTISM? 
The increasing number of individuals diagnosed with autism spectrum 
disorders makes this the most rapidly growing developmental disability, 
with a 10- to 17-percent annual increase in the United States. About one 
in sixty-eight children have been identified with ASD, according to esti-
mates from the CDC's Autism and Developmental Disabilities Monitor-
ing Network (ADDM)." According to other estimates, autism-spectrum 
disorders affect one out of ninety children." 
The economic costs of autism are also enormous, not only for the 
individual families but also for society as a whole, as demands for autism-
related health care and other services skyrocket. The cost of autism over 
an average lifespan is $2.4 million per individual in the United States," 
for an annual total of $20 billion." Other estimates of the cost of support-
ing children with autism in the U.S. are $61-66 billion a year; for autistic 
adults, these costs have been estimated at $175-196 billion a year.d6
More importantly, there is also a human loss to our society. Among 
the personal costs of autism is the heavy emotional toll it exacts on 
the parents, which cannot be calculated in dollars. Before the child 
was born, the parents had dreams and hopes of having a family like 
other families, with well-functioning children; often autistic individu-
als cannot hold a job and contribute to the workforce, or can have 
difficulty in parenting the next generation. Whatever their goals may 
164 
EFTA00810166
--- PAGE 201 ---
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
have been before, the family must now prioritize caring for their child 
in a new way. 
AUTISM AND THE AUTONOMIC NERVOUS SYSTEM 
Activity of the spinal sympathetic chain, and/or dorsal vagal activity, 
can be physiological characteristics of the nervous system of people 
with various diagnoses on the autism spectrum. They might also have a 
physical issue arising from a dysfunction in their organs. 
Their family or caregivers might notice that people with autism some-
times react with fear and panic even with no apparent reason. They may 
be hypersensitive, reacting to a stimulus in the environment that other 
people do not notice, or to something that reminds them of something 
in their past—or they might simply be imagining something dangerous. 
Other people looking at their behavior objectively find that these reac-
tions are unfounded and feel there is nothing to be upset about. 
Sometimes people on the autism spectrum are trapped in states of 
fight-or-flight or shutdown, or shift between these two states. They may 
be in a state of shutdown, folded into themselves and apathetic one 
moment, then suddenly extroverted, afraid, or aggressive in the next. To 
others who do not understand their behavior, they react in seemingly 
strange, unpredictable ways that often make them seem asocial in their 
behavior. Many parents or caregivers are confused and surprised by these 
sudden shifts in behavior because they are not aware of anything that 
could be causing the emotional changes. 
Psychological testing for autism evaluates behavior and defines 
different kinds of autism, but does not consider the underlying 
physiological factors in terms of Porges's new interpretation of the 
function of the autonomic nervous system. As a result, treatments have 
mostly focused on training the parents to try to adapt their behavior 
to fit the special needs of their child, rather than improving the child's 
condition so that they do not have these special needs. 
The Polyvagal Theory presents a new biobehavioral model linking 
autistic behavior to specific physiological states of the autonomic nervous 
165 
EFTA00810167
--- PAGE 202 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
system. This allows us the possibility to develop more effective strategies 
for treating autism. 
When we see that many of these individuals are being affected by 
their spinal sympathetic chain or dorsal vagal activity, or are vacillating 
between the two, we can simply say that they are not socially engaged. 
Then we can focus on using or developing interventions that help them 
to be socially engaged and improve the function of the ventral branch of 
their vagus nerve and the other four associated cranial nerves—resulting 
in more social behaviors. 
Stephen Porges chose to work with autistic children, and has had suc-
cess in improving the behavior of many of them. He interpreted this as 
a verification that there was some validity to the model of the nervous 
system presented in the Polyvagal Theory. I was inspired by his work and 
have also been treating autistic individuals with some success. 
Hope for Autism: The Listening Project Protocol 
Important distinctions were made by Stephen Porges in his Polyvagal 
Theory and Listening Project that point to specialized functions of the 
cranial nerves that go to muscles in the middle ear, and to how proper 
listening enables social engagement.81
Porges made a breakthrough in our understanding of hearing, one 
of the problems affecting about 60 percent of autistic children. I heard 
Stephen Porges describe this in a lecture at the Breath of Life Conference 
in London (May 23-24, 2009). He described how problems associated 
with listening and processing human voices might be related to poor 
function of cranial nerves V and VII—rather than cranial nerve VIII, as 
in typical deafness—and how the mechanisms involved in listening may 
be an important part of autistic symptomology. 
People on the autism spectrum are a challenge in many ways to par-
ents, teachers, and other caregivers. Anyone working with autistic children 
notices that they often do not seem to be able to understand what other 
people are saying, and cannot carry on normal two-way communication. 
Many people on the autism spectrum do not seem to understand the 
166 
EFTA00810168
--- PAGE 203 ---
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
meaning of what is being said to them, and many of them do not speak 
at all. This is especially challenging for psychologists and psychiatrists 
because autistic individuals usually have difficulty communicating ver-
bally, so that verbally based therapies are not helpful. 
Therefore, as a standard practice, their cranial nerve VIII (auditory 
nerve), which has sensory fibers deep in the inner ear, is tested to find 
out whether their hearing is sufficient. Most individuals on the autism 
spectrum pass the standard hearing test, which is usually administered in 
a quiet room with no background noise, or with the subject wearing head-
phones that eliminate all sounds other than the frequencies being tested. 
The problem with this test for individuals on the autism spectrum is 
that it only measures part of the auditory mechanism. Stephen Porges 
realized that for people to hear and understand what is being said, they 
need two other cranial nerves: the trigeminal nerve (cranial nerve V) and 
the facial nerve (cranial nerve VII). 
In order to learn to speak, we first need to be able to hear and under-
stand spoken language. Porges found that many individuals on the autism 
spectrum have a dysfunction in cranial nerves V and VII, which interferes 
with their ability to hear and understand spoken language. These nerves 
originate in the brainstem, and each has several branches with different 
functions, two of which go to two muscles in the middle ear. CN WI goes 
to the stapedius, a tiny muscle in the middle ear, and CN V goes to the 
tensor tympani, at the eardrum. 
One of the many functions of cranial nerve CN WI is innervation of 
the stapedius muscle. When the stapedius functions properly, it helps 
to reduce the volume of sounds that are above and below the frequency 
range of the human female voice, to help a child focus on sounds in the 
frequency range of a mother's voice. When this muscle functions properly, 
a child can easily hear its mother's voice above background noise, learn 
language from its mother, and communicate with her and other people. 
CN VII, which innervates the stapedius muscle, has other branches 
as well, one of which controls the muscles of the face (which have been 
referred to as "organs of emotional expression"). When this nerve is 
not functioning properly, there is often a lack of facial expression. One 
167 
EFTA00810169
--- PAGE 204 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
characteristic of both children and adults with a diagnosis of autism is a 
lack of natural facial expression; their flat facial affect makes it difficult 
for people to read their emotions in a conversation. Because of this, other 
people tend to think that the autistic individual lacks empathy. 
There is a neurological connection between proper hearing and the 
muscles that open the eyes. The flat ring muscle around the eye is inner-
vated by the seventh cranial nerve, and people with hearing problems 
often have drooping eyelids. Lifting the eyebrows— the way we do when 
something just heard is an "eye-opener"—can help us understand spo-
ken language. All these factors point to the importance to hearing of the 
proper functioning of the seventh cranial nerve. 
A branch of CN V regulates the tension in the tensor tympani muscle, 
which is involved in regulating the Eustachian tube that connects to the 
throat. The tensor tympani is similar to the stapedius, regulating the rigid-
ity of the ossicles (small middle-ear bones). Tensing the ossicle chain 
increases the tension of the eardrum, diminishing the volume of low-
frequency background sounds. 
One of the roles of the stapedius and tensor tympani muscles is to 
dampen sounds such as those produced by chewing. If the middle-
ear muscles do not contract sufficiently, the perceived volume of low-
frequency sounds can be extremely high, and even mask human-voice 
sounds. This condition is called hypemcusis. For people suffering from 
this condition, incoming sounds can be disturbing or even painful. 
Some autistic children put their fingers in their ears to block out sounds, 
especially low-frequency sounds. 
In this condition, a child processes acoustic information only within 
a restricted frequency range, so that sounds in the frequency band of 
human speech may be lost in background sounds, while lower-pitched 
sounds may be functionally amplified. Children with hypersensitivity to 
sound might overreact to other people's voices, especially the low-pitched 
voices of some men. And when they put their fingers in their ears, this 
may be misinterpreted to mean that the child does not want to listen to 
what is being said, when in actuality they are just trying to protect their 
ears from a painful experience. 
168 
EFTA00810170
--- PAGE 205 ---
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
Everyday noises that include low frequencies (e.g., vacuum cleaners, 
traffic, or escalators) seem unbearably loud to people with this condition. 
They cannot understand what is being said to them due to background 
noises that bother them tremendously, even though the same noises do 
not bother other people. 
One of my patients, an eleven-year-old boy, stuffed his fingers into his 
ears to reduce the sound whenever a train went by at some distance from 
my office window. I had never noticed the sound of the trains passing 
before, and my other clients never seemed to react to it. 
A different kind of dysfunction of the muscles and nerves can result in 
an opposite kind of problem with hearing and understanding what is being 
said. Muscle tone may be insufficient to amplify the sound adequately, so 
that not enough sound gets through, and the child can appear to be deaf to 
what is being said to him. This is often misinterpreted as a lack of interest 
in communication and social activity, or taken to mean that the child does 
not want to respond or do what is being requested of him. 
Sometimes children with these problems can become very skilled at 
reading lips and interpreting body language. They may appear to be able 
to carry on a conversation and to be sociable—but they have a problem 
if the person who is speaking is not directly in front of them so that they 
cannot read their lips. 
Some adults also struggle to understand what is being said unless they 
can see the other person's face. People who are lip-reading fixate their gaze 
on the other person's mouth, unlike a person with normal hearing who 
looks into the other person's eyes, or looks away while listening. Adults 
who have difficulty understanding if more than one person talks simul-
taneously may avoid going to parties or crowded restaurants, preferring 
to meet people one on one. Or they may use another strategy—talking all 
the time, to avoid revealing that they cannot understand others. 
Children on the autism spectrum can have major difficulties func-
tioning normally in a noisy classroom. When a child is overly sensitive 
to sound, a high level of background noise can be painful, while chil-
dren with a normally functioning inner ear find the same level of noise 
acceptable. 
169 
EFTA00810171
--- PAGE 206 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
For a child with severe hyperacusis, environmental sounds cause bursts 
of pain that they cannot escape. Going through the various soundscapes 
of daily life might feel like the experience of rats in a cage being stressed 
by electrical shocks at unpredictable time intervals. The children might 
not even realize that they have a problem; if they were born with hyper-
acusis, they might not know that their randomly traumatic experience is 
not normal, and might just assume, "That's 
Imagine watching a movie with the soundtrack turned up full blast—
the actors' voices are screaming at you, and you cannot wait to get out of 
the theater. You leave, holding your ears. But what if you were an autistic 
child who cannot get out of the cinema? 
In order to investigate the implications of cranial nerve dysfunction—
and ultimately to prove the validity of the Polyvagal Theory—Stephen 
Porges designed his Listening Project Protocol for a research program that 
he carried out with subjects on the autism spectrum." In peer-reviewed 
research, he describes his empirical studies using the Listening Project 
Protocol with autistic children (see below). 
Porges's research and scientific articles over the last twenty years have 
broken new ground in treating autistic conditions. Identifying a physi-
ological pattern that may be partly responsible for autistic behavioral 
patterns is a significant breakthrough in our understanding of autism, 
and has opened possibilities for new forms of treatment. The method 
that he developed has already helped many people to improve their com-
munication skills and social behavior. 
Porges hypothesized that the reason many children on the autism 
spectrum have difficulty in using language to interact is dysfunction in 
the neural regulation of their middle-ear muscles, described above. CN 
V and CN VII, two of the cranial nerves necessary for social engagement, 
originate in the brainstem and have branches that go to those two muscles 
in the middle ear. 
Porges treated a large group of children with a diagnosis of autism 
using an ingenious therapeutic intervention. In Porges's Listening Project 
Protocol research, all of the children tested had diagnoses on the autism 
spectrum, and many of them also had hyperacusis. All of the children, 
170 
EFTA00810172
--- PAGE 207 ---
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
after receiving extensive hearing tests, received five forty-five-minute 
sessions daily for five days. 
In one publication, Porges and his group demonstrated that spe-
cially computer-altered music improved auditory processing skills and 
increased ventral vagal regulation of the heart.89
A second publication describes two trials conducted by Porges's team. 
One trial contrasted a group of children wearing headphones only with 
another group receiving computer-altered music, processed with an algo-
rithm to enhance the acoustic features of prosody. In the second trial, 
one group received the computer-altered music and the other group 
received the same music, but unaltered. In both trials, only the group 
receiving the computer-altered music exhibited a reduction in auditory 
hypersensitivity.9° 
I had a chance to hear the special music myself. After I listened for 
a few minutes, I felt as if my middle-ear muscles had been stimulated 
and exercised. My eardrum itched, and the structures in my middle ear 
felt as if they were hopping, dancing, and vibrating. More importantly, 
I experienced an improvement in my hearing and in my ability to hear 
speech more clearly. 
At his lectures, Porges presented inspiring videos showing some of 
the changes in the children and how, when they could understand what 
was being said, they emerged from their previous social isolation and 
began to relate to others. Porges is constantly working on improving the 
acoustic stimulation that he uses, and the means of delivering it. At the 
time of this writing, in 2016, he was conducting registered clinical trials 
in Melbourne, Los Angeles, and Toronto. 
The Role of Hearing in Autistic Spectrum Disorders 
In order to be sociable and carry on a two-way communication, people 
have to hear and interpret the meaning of words spoken by others. As 
described above, problems with hearing and understanding character-
iztemany individuals on the autism spectrum. This phenomenon is well 
171 
EFTA00810173
--- PAGE 208 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
recognized; Stephen Porges initially pointed this out in his presentation 
of the Polyvagal Theory, and I have confirmed it in my practice. However, 
these hearing problems are most often related to a dysfunctional CN V 
and CN VII (as Porges discovered) and not CN VIII, the auditory nerve, 
often incorrectly assumed to be exclusively responsible for hearing. 
When an autistic, Asperger's, or otherwise challenging child comes to 
my clinic, I ask the parents about their child's hearing. Invariably, they 
say that their child's hearing was tested by an ear specialist who reported 
that it was normal. Most autistic children have their hearing tested in the 
usual way: they wear headphones, and respond when they hear the varied 
volumes and frequencies of sound from the headphones. 
The parents are almost always told that their child has good hearing, 
but this misses the core of the autistic child's hearing problem. It is not a 
question of the child hearing single tones in a test, without background 
noises. The question should be: can the child hear the human voice in the 
presence of background noise? Does the child have the ability to filter out 
background sounds, especially low-frequency sounds? 
One mother brought her nine-year-old son to me because of his 
aggressive behavior at school. I usually do my own simple test to check 
such a patient's ability to hear well. I ask the child to turn around, so that 
their back is turned and they cannot read my lips. Then I give them a 
simple task to perform—for example, to put their coat on. 
Often the parent will protest, saying that this puts the child at a dis-
advantage since it's easiest for them when they can see the speaker's face. 
This particular mother said something similar. So I asked her what hap-
pens when her son is in the next room or does not see her face, and she 
tries to get him to do something that she wants. 
"If he does not answer," the mother responded, "I stay calm and tell 
him again:' 
"If he still does not answer, what do you do?" 
She replied, "I tell him a third time. If he still does not do it, I know 
it is because he doesn't want to answer me. Sometimes I get so irritated 
that I slap him." 
172 
EFTA00810174
--- PAGE 209 ---
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
From her son's point of view, he was occupied doing something and 
was not aware of the mother's message because his fifth and seventh 
cranial nerves were not functioning sufficiently to filter out background 
sounds. He was probably not even aware that his mother was talking to 
him. Then, all of a sudden, without his understanding why, his mother 
would slap him, and yell at him in an angry voice. 
Even though she had told him something three times, he had been 
unable to hear and understand what she said. In her own frustration at 
not being heard, she then slapped him, but from his perspective this was 
without warning; he did not know what led up to the slap. So he might 
logically interpret his mother's message as,"If you want another person's 
attention, hit them, and then give them your message?' 
Sometimes, when the boy was in school and asked one of the other 
children to do something, and if the other child did not do it right away, 
he would slap them without warning to get their attention. It is no wonder 
that this child had a hard time playing with other children. His mother 
had inadvertently taught him this antisocial pattern herself. 
In my clinic, when children turn their back to me and do not respond 
to my simple request to put their coats on, I do not assume that they 
heard and understood it just because I said it. Instead, I suspect dysfunc-
tion of CN V and VII. If this is indeed the case, and autistic individuals 
cannot understand what others are saying, they will of course have a 
hard time recognizing how to use language to get others to understand 
and help them. 
THE EVOLUTION OF HEARING 
Early in the evolution of Earth's creatures, large predators including the 
dinosaurs and other great lizards roamed the land, often preying upon 
small mammals. The largest animals that could threaten these dinosaurs 
and lizards pounded the earth with their feet when they walked or ran, 
producing low-frequency percussive sounds. The dinosaurs registered 
these low-frequency vibrations in the nerve endings wrapping their large 
skeletal bones. 
173 
EFTA00810175
--- PAGE 210 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
Information about the approach of a potential predator was crucial, 
especially for protection of their offspring. But these large creatures could 
not hear sounds in higher frequencies. Paleontologists have found that 
their middle-ear bones were attached to the jawbone, unlike those of 
later species. Thus it is speculated that dinosaurs "heard" by registering 
low-frequency vibrations in the bones of their skeleton, but could not 
hear higher-frequency sounds made by mammals. 
Mammals have evolved ears that allow us to hear higher frequencies; 
our middle-ear bones, detached from our jaws, vibrate based on sonic 
waves in the air. Mammalian "voices" are in a higher frequency range 
than the rumblings of the dinosaurs and large lizards. Therefore early 
mammals were able to communicate with each other without being 
detected by the larger and faster animals that were their predators, and 
this was a potential advantage in their struggle for survival. 
However, if mammals indiscriminately let all the sounds of their envi-
ronment into their ears, including both very high and low frequencies, 
we would experience a confusing cacophony. The higher and lower fre-
quencies would drown out the mammalian-voice sounds. For humans, 
sounds in the vital frequency range of the female voice might convey 
information from the mother that is crucial to a child's survival in a 
dangerous situation. 
So how does our hearingexusion these important frequencies? The 
ability of mammals to filter out sounds depends on varying levels of ten-
sion in the stapedius and tensor tympani muscles in the middle ear. These 
effectively block out both high- and low-frequency sounds, leaving only 
the sounds roughly in the range of the human voice. A well-functioning 
stapedius muscle can filter out sounds above and below the range of the 
human voice—even otherwise deafeningly loud noises?' 
The evolution of the structures of the ear and the sense of hearing is 
well documented in the field of evolutionary biology, from the time of the 
early dinosaurs starting 190 million years ago until today. In mammals, 
three small parts of the jawbone became separated from the rest of the 
jaw. These three small bones as a group are called the ossicles. (The root 
os- means "bone," and ossiele means "tiny bone.") These three bones are 
174 
EFTA00810176
--- PAGE 211 ---
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
called the hammer (maliens), the anvil (incus), and the stirrup (stapes) 
because they resemble these shapes. They are enjoined in synovial joints, 
and held together by a ligament in a flexible "chain." 
Movement of the ossicles is controlled (either facilitated or restricted) 
by adjustments in the tension of the tensor tympani and stapedius mus-
cles, which attach to the ossicles at opposite ends of the chain. These 
muscles affect the hearing in different ways. The tympanic membrane 
(eardrum) is round in shape, like a drumhead; the tensor tympani muscle 
connects it to the malleus, one of the ossicles. 
Changes in tension in the tensor tympani muscle determine how much 
the eardrum can vibrate. Sounds are louder with increased tension. The 
tensor tympani is innervated by a branch of the fifth cranial nerve, and 
acts as a kind of volume control on how much sound gets passed on to 
the receptors of the acoustic nerve deep in the auditory canal. 
The stapedius, about one millimeter long, is the tiniest muscle in the 
entire body. It is innervated by a motor branch of the seventh cranial 
nerve, which changes the level of muscle tension. The stapedius is also 
a very thin muscle. It originates in a small cavity surrounding the bones 
of the middle ear, and inserts into the neck of the stapes (one of the 
three ossicles). The stapedius only transmits certain frequency ranges as 
it tenses and relaxes. With normal hearing, the sound frequencies of the 
human female voice get through easily, while sounds above and below 
these frequencies are largely filtered out. 
To register the changes of frequency when someone else is talking 
requires a well-functioning stapedius muscle in order to separate out the 
range of sounds needed for us to hear, understand, and communicate 
with each other. This function is crucial for a child in learning vocabulary 
and the melody of language. 
TREATING HEARING IN AUTISTIC CHILDREN 
A characteristic common to people who are socially engaged is that we 
usually have a melodic voice that can communicate feeling. This voice 
melody, or prosody, makes it easier for other people to understand us. In 
175 
EFTA00810177
--- PAGE 212 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
contrast, people with autism often have a flat, monotonous voice, which 
can verge on sounding mechanical and robotic. 
Perhaps the reason that they lack prosody in their voice is that they 
cannot hear it in other people's voices due to a dysfunctional CN VII. If a 
child cannot hear and appreciate, or feel the emotions communicated by, 
the melody in the voices of others, they cannot comprehend the benefits 
of using melody in their own voice, much less learn to express it. 
This quality of the voice is not primarily a vocal problem per se. As 
soon as we help people on the autism spectrum to a state of social engage-
ment through improved function of their cranial nerves, the quality of 
their voice changes; they immediately have more prosody, and it is easier 
for others to understand what they are saying. 
Sometimes hearing can be improved with the Basic Exercise by 
increasing the flow of blood to the brainstem, where cranial nerves V 
and VII originate. The Basic Exercise can also release tension between the 
base of the cranium (where the nucleus of CN V is located) and the first 
three vertebrae. The Neuro-Fascial Release Technique can also be suf-
ficient to reset the function of these nerves and improve social behavior. 
With the understanding gained from my study of the Polyvagal The-
ory, I developed my own approach to autism spectrum disorders. I evalu-
ate the function of cranial nerves V, VII, IX, X, and XI, and then I use a 
selection of specific biomechanical cranial techniques to release restric-
tions and enable proper function in these nerves. 
Based on my clinical experiences and the feedback of my students, I 
have confirmed that it is possible to improve the communication skills 
of some people with a diagnosis of autism. Several of my patients who 
originally came to me with an autism diagnosis were evaluated again after 
I treated them and were found to be no longer autistic. 
I have learned over the years to be careful about saying "cure autism," 
usually simply stating that I have helped some people with a diagnosis of 
autism to improve their hearing and achieve more empathy and better 
communication skills. Many professionals working in the field believe 
that autism cannot be cured and are more receptive to a claim that it is 
possible in many cases to improve communication. 
176 
EFTA00810178
--- PAGE 213 ---
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
Treating Autism 
Over the years, I have successfully helped many children and young peo-
ple with a diagnosis on the autism spectrum. Many such children have 
problems with normal social behavior; they do not seem interested in 
other people, avoiding looking at them or making eye contact. They seem 
to lack empathy, and would rather spend time alone or playing on their 
electronic devices. 
Their parents may designate other young people as "friends" if they 
can sit together in the same room for periods of time. However, the child-
ren do not really interact with these friends, but sit in their own worlds, 
playing alongside each other but by themselves. 
Some autistic individuals lack verbal communication skills, and can-
not take part in a meaningful two-way conversation. They do not seem 
able to listen or understand what is being said, and they are not playful. 
Some do not speak at all; others, when they do speak, may repeat like a 
parrot what was just said by someone else, or repeat sentences from a 
movie. Sometimes they continue speaking without pausing for the other 
person to respond. 
To start to make sense of all the various behaviors exhibited by indi-
viduals on the autism spectrum, I have observed that such individuals 
are not socially engaged, and have faulty neuroception. I have been 
able to help some of them by getting them into a state of social engage-
ment. In several instances, I have brought about normal vagal function 
and improved the function of the other four cranial nerves involved in 
social engagement. This brought the individuals out of states of stress 
or dorsal vagal withdrawal and spontaneously improved their com-
munication skills. 
Perhaps one of my most unexpected discoveries in doing body ther-
apy is that I have found tension in the right sternocleidomastoid (SCM) 
muscle—and an accompanying deformation of the skull called "flat back 
of the head" or plagiocephaly—in every client diagnosed with ADHD or 
a diagnosis on the autism spectrum. Research published in the journal 
Pediatrics reported that this deformation of the skull, usually only on one 
177 
EFTA00810179
--- PAGE 214 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
side, is present in a higher percentage of children with autism and ADHD, 
compared to normally functioning children.91
The sternocleidomastoid muscle is attached to the base of the 
temporal bone, on the side of the skull, so that chronic tension in the 
SCM muscle noticeably deforms the shape of the skull in a particular way. 
Although this client group consists mostly of children and young people, 
this deformation of the skull is not confined to children; I also see it in 
many adults who have had difficulties being socially engaged. This same 
approach can achieve similar improvements in adults. 
Can certain characteristic shapes of the skull put pressure on certain 
blood vessels or nerves inside the skull? A baby's cranium is made up of 
several plates, connected by tough connective tissue. A constant pull on 
the temporal bone from chronic tension in the SCM muscle can pull the 
baby's cranium out of shape. If the tension in the muscle is not released, 
the skull remains out of shape as the child matures. 
Many parents come to me because they already know that their child 
has a flat back of the head. If the parents were not already aware of it, I 
show them how to feel the shape of their child's head, and to notice any 
asymmetry there before we start the treatment. Relaxing the tension in the 
sternocleidomastoid muscle on one side often gives a noticeable improve-
ment in the shape of the child's head within a few minutes. 
Technique for Rounding a Flat Back of the Head 
I start by feeling the two sternocleidomastoid muscles, and I work on the 
side that is tighter. I take the top of the child's SCM muscle on that side 
firmly but gently between my thumb and index finger. This must not 
cause pain. (SeeSternocleidomastoid" in the Appendix.) I ask one of the 
parents to hold the foot on the side where we are going to release the 
SCM, and to gently bend their child's foot down at the ankle joint with one 
hand, and then with their second hand to bend their child's toes up. After 
a minute or two, the child relaxes and the sternocleidomastoid muscle 
is much more relaxed and pliable. When the SCM no longer pulls on one 
side of the back of the cranium, the part that was flat fills out, becomes 
178 
EFTA00810180
--- PAGE 215 ---
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
rounded, and the two sides become symmetrical. The rationale behind 
this technique is found in Tom Myers' book Anatomy Trains, in which he 
describes the-superficial front linen 
Then the parent and I evaluate the back of the child's head again. It 
has always become more symmetrical. When the child comes back for 
another treatment, I observe that the changes have held. 
AUTISM: A CASE STUDY 
As exciting as it was for me to see the changes in the children that I 
treated, and to hear about their improvements, the next step was to find 
out whether other people could learn the approach and have similar suc-
cess. In my school in Copenhagen, we offered a two-year program based 
on the biomechanical cranial techniques I had learned from my teacher, 
Main Gehin. For many years, I started the first day of the first course 
teaching students my Neuro-Fascial Release Technique (see Part Two). 
In this way I began to realize how simple and powerful this technique is. 
On the second day, I asked whether any of the students had tried the 
techniques they learned and, if so, what they experienced. One young man 
named Thor told the class of his success. He had gone home with the idea 
of reviewing the techniques that he had learned that first day, and treated 
his younger brother, William, who had had a diagnosis of infantile autism 
and was then seventeen years old. 
William was asocial, and sat in his chair looking down at his Play-
Station or playing with his keys. He did not speak or make eye contact 
with anyone. He could also be moody; if he was upset about something, 
even though it might seem trivial to other people, he would withdraw 
into himself and sulk. Thor told of one mute episode that lasted for three 
months after William was made to wear a T-shirt that he did not want to 
wear. Even though he only wore T-shirt for one day, he sulked in silence 
for three months. 
After Thor did the Neuro-Fascial Release Technique on him, William 
sat back and looked Thor in the eyes, which he had not done before. Then 
he stood up and balanced on one foot. Like many people with autism, 
179 
EFTA00810181
--- PAGE 216 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
William had been unable to balance well enough to stand on one foot. 
Then he shifted his weight to the other foot, and stood on that. That one 
technique was enough for William to be brought into a state of social 
engagement. He started to communicate with his family and other stu-
dents at school, and started making friends. 
Thor asked me to also treat William, and I treated him four or five 
times. But most of the work on his nervous system had been done by 
Thor's treatments before William ever came to me. 
Over the next few months, William made many friends, traveled to 
other European countries on vacations, got involved in theater, took yoga 
classes, and started dating. He went on to finish a bachelor's degree from 
Copenhagen University in the Study of Media, and then to receive a mas-
ter's degree. 
The last time I saw William, he told me that he is doing very well, and 
proudly related that he had taken a vacation to Amsterdam with three 
of his friends, also young adults with challenging diagnoses. They had 
handled the whole trip themselves—booked a hotel, found restaurants, 
visited museums, and had a good time together and enjoyed the trip. 
William had attained ranking as a chess master, and he had beaten several 
other international chess masters. He is also just starting an apprentice-
ship as a sound designer for a Danish software company that produces 
video games. 
You can see Thor tell William's story on You'Ibbe (Search "autism, 
William, Stanley"). 
SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS IN TREATING AUTISTIC CHILDREN 
Treating children (especially those on the autism spectrum) with hands-
on techniques has its special challenges. Even children without autism will 
usually not lie still on a massage table for very long. Those with medical 
histories have often had a history of countless visits to doctors and hos-
pitals, where they have been forced to lie still for an examination, or to 
receive painful injections. 
180 
EFTA00810182
--- PAGE 217 ---
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
It is hard to imagine how a child with negative experiences like that can 
feel safe, especially on the first treatment—lying on her back in a position 
of total helplessness, in an unfamiliar room, and being approached by a 
complete stranger who towers over her and starts doing something to her. 
Resistance is understandably triggered by this, and it takes patience, skill, 
and experience on the part of the therapist to help these children feel safe. 
Many autistic children, furthermore, do not like being touched. A 
treatment is often an improvised dance of the child, the parent, and me 
before I can gain the child's confidence enough for him to relax on the 
table and allow me to get my hands on him so that I can treat him. 
I find that succeeding with an autistic child, however, is always deeply 
rewarding. 
If you are treating autistic children, there are a few things that you 
should know. When they come into your space for the first time, it is 
natural for them to feel unsafe. They do not know you, and they often 
react with fear upon seeing the massage table, which looks like a medical 
examination table. You may have the best of therapeutic intentions, but 
they do not know that. If you or their parents hold them down, it is coun-
terproductive; they will feel even more threatened, and perhaps violated. 
All children can be wary of being touched, especially by a stranger. A 
lot of these patients have pain in their head and neck, where I want to 
work. Perhaps they will allow me to touch their knee or elbow, but push 
my hands away when I try to touch their head or neck. The techniques 
that I choose must therefore be highly effective, since there is such a small 
window of opportunity in which I can touch these children, especially at 
the start of their very first session. 
I must first make them feel safe, and this might not happen at all on 
the initial treatment. I might give the child toys to play with, and wait 
until they have their attention on the toy, or I'll have their parent lie on 
the table next to them, maybe even with the child on their stomach. I 
keep eye contact with the child, and when I see any expression of pain 
or discomfort, I pause in what I am doing and let the child relax before 
I go further. 
181 
EFTA00810183
--- PAGE 218 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
My cardinal rule in treating children, especially autistic children, is 
that they must feel safe, and must be respected, every step of the way. This 
is a prerequisite to certain techniques in particular that help the child's 
nervous system. 
In my clinic, when I schedule a child for their first treatment, I like to 
talk with one of the parents on the phone first; I do not like to talk about 
the child's "problems" in front of the child. I tell parents not to have high 
expectations for the first session, and that I might not even be able to 
touch their child, much less do a technique, the first time. I inform them 
that my practice is to respect the child's resistance on the first session, 
and not push beyond their comfort zone. Also, I tell the parents that they 
should not try to help me by forcing their child to lie still. 
If the child has a good first or second session with me (including 
attaining a more symmetrical and rounded back of the cranium—see 
"Technique for Rounding a Flat Back of the Head" on page 178) he will 
more readily accept another session and be more willing to lie still and 
allow me to work on him. Rather than reacting to me with fear and panic, 
he will often look at me and smile. I feel that this is significant, since one 
of the characteristics of children on the autism spectrum is that they usu-
ally avoid looking at others, making eye contact, or smiling. 
One problem for autistic individuals who lack normal two-way verbal 
communication is that they cannot understand the spoken word well 
enough to know what to expect in a therapeutic encounter. While the 
value of the therapy may be obvious to their parents or to health care 
professionals, autistic children may have no understanding of why they 
are there, or the value they might gain from the treatment. They most 
likely have no idea that there is even anything wrong with them, or that 
their life can be better. 
Their behavior changes, however, when they realize that they are safe 
with you, especially once your treatment makes them feel better. 
182 
EFTA00810184
--- PAGE 219 ---
Autism Spectrum Disorders 
Concluding Remarks 
While the Polyvagal Theory has given me increased clarity and under-
standing in regard to treating various difficult emotional, physical, and 
mental conditions, the insights I've gained into treatment of individuals 
on the autism spectrum have quite possibly been the most profound. 
A common characteristic of people on the autistic spectrum is that 
they have difficulty communicating normally, not only with people in 
their everyday life, but also with their caregivers and with people trying 
to treat them. These communication difficulties limit the possibilities in 
their lives, as well as the efforts of others to communicate with them and 
to treat them. This causes suffering for them and their families. Under-
standably, their caregivers often feel helpless, challenged, and not up to 
the task. Helping individuals on the autistic spectrum is a journey into 
a vast, uncharted area. 
For caregivers and therapists, trying to grasp the idiosyncrasies of 
behavior exhibited by those on the autism spectrum may only add to the 
confusion. However, when we observe autistic individuals from the point 
of view of the Polyvagal Theory, we realize that we may be able to help by 
simply improving the person's ventral vagal function. 
At any given moment, a person can be in only one of the three auto-
nomic states. Autism-spectrum individuals can suddenly shift between 
states of stress and withdrawal without others understanding why. 
Enabling the state of social engagement by improving the function of 
cranial nerves may have the potential to stabilize these shifts, and reduce 
some of the difficulty that these individuals commonly experience. 
Furthermore, correcting auditory issues by improving the function of 
the fifth and seventh cranial nerves often leads to dramatic improvement 
in a person's communication skills, social behaviors, and empathy. 
Positive changes of this nature tend to build on themselves, further aiding 
the person's development. 
When two people are socially engaged and communicating face to 
face, they pass information about their emotional states by small move-
ments of facial muscles. This also stimulates the nerves in the muscles of 
183 
EFTA00810185
--- PAGE 220 ---
ANATOMICAL FACTS OLD AND NEW: THE POLYVAGAL THEORY 
each person's own face, so that their fifth and seventh cranial nerves give 
them ongoing feedback and a clear idea of what they are feeling them-
selves and what they feel about the other person. 
Our society increasingly relies on emails and text messages. TV 
anchors often have deadpan faces, or assume put-on expressions. More 
and more people deaden their faces with Botox, or reduce their expres-
siveness with plastic surgery. However, the more we communicate without 
seeing each others' faces and hearing the changes of tone in each other's 
voices, the more impersonal the interchange will be, and the less we are 
able to communicate anything emotionally. We can talk, but with words 
alone we are just passing data. 
Telephones are a step up in communication from emails because they 
capture changes in vocal expression. Skype and FaceTime give us both 
the sound of the voice and the facial expressions—but nothing beats 
face-to-face communication. 
The less children relate to adults who communicate fully using a 
melodic voice and an expressive face, the more the children's facial expres-
sivity will be underused and underdeveloped. Is it any wonder that we 
have increasing numbers of children with autism, ADHD, and other com-
munication disorders? 
Beyond relating to autistic people, similar difficulties arise from time 
to time relating to anyone else in any one of our "normal" relationships. 
Our interactions with other people would be so very easy if both we and 
they could be socially engaged all of the time. First, it is helpful to realize 
that we are not in a ventral vagal state all the time—and neither are they. 
Second, we now know that we can do something to bring ourselves or 
the other person into a state of social engagement. 
It is my feeling that we have just begun to explore the potential of the 
Polyvagal Theory not only to help people on the autism spectrum but to 
help each of us in all of our relationships with others. 
184 
EFTA00810186
--- PAGE 221 ---
PART TWO 
EXERCISES TO RESTORE 
SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
ler
PartInexplores the healing power of the vagus nerve. Optimal health 
is possible only when we have a well-functioning ventral branch of the 
vagus nerve. The exercises and techniques in this part should help most 
people to move from a state of either chronic spinal sympathetic chain 
activity (stress) or dorsal vagal activity (shutdown) to a state of social 
engagement. These exercises can also be used to prevent problems in the 
autonomic nervous system from developing, and to maintain a general 
level of well-being. 
When you begin to do these exercises for the first time, I suggest that 
you start a simple journal. Write down any symptoms or issues that 
bother you. Also, take a look at the many symptoms listed in the "Heads 
of the Hydra" list at the beginning of Part One. You might want to add 
one or more of these to your list. 
Note how often a given symptom has appeared. For example, your 
symptom may present "all the time;' "every morning," "once a week," or 
"once a month." If you have a migraine headache every day, your goal is 
certainly to be totally free of migraines; however, any improvement would 
be welcomed as a positive result. 
Also note how strong your symptoms are. You might write that "They 
bother me, but I get through the day anyway,""They require me to take 
medication,""They are so strong that I cannot go to work or take part in 
normal social activities:' "I cannot sleep," or "I cannot get out of bed in 
the morning:" You might prefer to evaluate the pain or symptom using 
a scale from one to ten. 
185 
EFTA00810187
--- PAGE 222 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
After you have been doing the exercises, you can look back at your list 
and note any changes—for example,"The migraines are less frequent: 
"The pain is less severe," or "I spend less money on painkillers every 
month:' Focus on how the exercises have helped—that you do not have 
the symptom(s) so often, or that the problem is not so severe. Perhaps 
whatever symptoms remain will diminish or disappear as you keep doing 
the exercises. 
You might also notice other positive changes—for example, are you 
sleeping better? Breathing better? Is your appetite more normal? All of 
these contribute to better health and resiliency. 
The Basic Exercise 
The goal of this exercise is to enhance social engagement. It repositions 
the atlas (Cl, the first cervical/neck vertebra) and the axis (C2) and 
increases mobility in the neck and the entire spine. (See "Atlas" and "Axis" 
in the Appendix.) It increases blood flow to the brainstem, where the five 
cranial nerves necessary for social engagement originate. This can have 
a positive effect on the ventral branch of the vagus nerve (CN X), as well 
as on cranial nerves V, VII, IX, and XI. 
The Basic Exercise is effective, easy to learn, and easy to do, and takes 
less than two minutes to complete. I usually teach this exercise to my 
clients in their very first session. 
BEFORE AND AFTER DOING THE BASIC EXERCISE 
Evaluate the relative freedom of movement of your head and neck. Rotate 
your head to the right as far as it goes comfortably. Then come back to 
the center, pause, and rotate your head to the left. How far do you rotate 
to each side? Is there any pain or stiffness? 
After doing the exercise, make these same movements again. Is there 
any improvement in the range of your movement? If there was pain when 
you rotated your head, did the exercise reduce the level of the pain? 
186 
EFTA00810188
--- PAGE 223 ---
The Basic Exercise 
Most people I have treated are surprised to experience an improvement 
in the range of movement as they rotate their head to the right and left. 
Better movement of the neck often accompanies an improvement in 
the circulation of blood to the brainstem, which in turn improves the 
function of the ventral branch of the vagus nerve. 
You or your client will probably want to repeat the exercise as needed. 
BASIC EXERCISE INSTRUCTIONS 
The first few times that you do the exercise, you should lie on your back. 
After you are familiar with the exercise, you can do it sitting on a chair, 
standing, or lying on your back 
1. Lying comfortably on your back, weave the fingers of one hand 
together with the fingers of the other hand (Figure 4, 5, and 6). 
Figure 4. Fingers interwoven 
187 
EFTA00810189
--- PAGE 224 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
Figure S. Hands behind the head 
Figure 6. Lying on the back 
188 
EFTA00810190
--- PAGE 225 ---
The Basic Exercise 
2. Put your hands behind the back of your head, with the weight of 
your head resting comfortably on your interwoven fingers. You 
should feel the hardness of your cranium with your fingers, and 
you should feel the bones of your fingers on the back of your 
head. If you have a stiff shoulder and cannot bring both of your 
hands up behind the back of your head, it is sufficient to use one 
hand, with the fingers and palm contacting both sides of the back 
of your head. 
3. Keeping your head in place, look to the right, moving only your 
eyes, as far as you comfortably can. Do not turn your head; just 
move your eyes. Keep looking to the right (Figure 7). 
4. After a short period of time—up to thirty or even sixty seconds—
you will swallow, yawn, or sigh. This is a sign of relaxation in 
your autonomic nervous system. (A normal inbreath is followed 
by an outbreath, but a sigh is different—after you breathe in, a 
second inbreath follows on top of the first inbreath, before the 
outbreath.) 
Figure 7. Looking to the right 
189 
EFTA00810191
--- PAGE 226 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
5. Bring your eyes back to looking straight ahead. 
6. Leave your hands in place, and keep your head still. This time, 
move your eyes to the left (Figure 8). 
Figure 8. Looking to the left 
7. Hold your eyes there until you notice a sigh, a yawn, or a swallow. 
Now that you have you have completed the Basic Exercise, take your 
hands away, and sit up or stand up. 
Evaluate what you have experienced. Has there been any improvement 
in the mobility of your neck? Has your breathing changed? Do you notice 
anything else? 
NOTE: If you become dizzy when you sit up or stand up, it is probably 
because you relaxed when you were lying down, and your blood pres-
sure dropped.This is a normal reaction. It usually takes a minute or two 
before your blood pressure adjusts and pumps more blood to your brain. 
190 
EFTA00810192
--- PAGE 227 ---
The Basic Exercise 
CERVICAL VERTEBRAE AND VENTRAL VAGAL DYSFUNCTION 
When I test clients and find that they have ventral vagal dysfunction, I also 
observe that they have an upper cervical misalignment—i.e., a rotation 
of the vertebrae Cl (the atlas) and a tipping of C2 (the axis) away from 
their optimal positions. Using the Basic Exercise almost always brings my 
clients back into a better alignment of Cl and C2, and when I test them 
again I find that they have proper ventral vagal function. 
A rotation of CI and C2 can put pressure on the vertebral artery, 
which supplies the frontal lobes and the brainstem, where the five nerves 
necessary for social engagement originate. From my clinical observations, 
I believe that it only takes one negative thought to bring Cl and C2 out 
of joint, affecting our posture and physiology. 
I demonstrated this a few times in my advanced craniosacral classes. 
First, I had the students observe the position of my CI. I lay on my back, 
and my students could determine the position of my Cl by gently plac-
ing the pads of their thumbs on its transverse processes. If there was no 
rotation of Cl, their thumbs would be close to horizontal. However, if 
one thumb was higher than the other, that would indicate a rotation of 
the vertebra. 
At the start of the experiment, a student observed that his thumbs were 
horizontal. Then I simply thought about something that was disturbing 
to me. Immediately, the transverse processes of Cl moved; one side went 
up and the other went down. The position of Cl felt like it had rotated 
approximately forty-five degrees away from the horizontal, with one side 
up (anterior) and the other side down (posterior). (Though this obser-
vation is counter to the actual anatomical possibilities for Cl alone to 
rotate, it is what leechlike under your thumbs if you have them lightly 
monitoring the transverse processes of CI. The only explanation I have is 
that the rotation must be a complex combination of the repositioning of 
Cl, C2, and C3 taken together. Cl must somehow slide out of the joint 
so that it can turn even further.) 
I found the experience highly unpleasant, since I had to undergo a 
change of state away from social engagement. The other students in the 
191 
EFTA00810193
--- PAGE 228 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
class could see a change in my breathing, and a loss of color in my face. 
Then I had my student perform our hands-on technique for myofascial 
release (see "Neuro-Fascial Release Technique," on page 195) to realign 
my CI and C2. These vertebrae did not come back into place as quickly 
as they had come out of position. He had to repeat the technique several 
times until C1 was again horizontal. Finally, I felt more like myself. 
The rotation of C1 and C2 has evolutionary survival value; it puts 
pressure on the vertebral artery, reducing blood flow to the brainstem, 
which affects the function of the five nerves necessary for social 
engagement. This puts us into a non-ventral vagal state, which in cases 
of danger can help our survival by shutting off the higher functions when 
we have to fight or to flee, or when we cannot face the present situation 
physically or emotionally. 
If our neuroception suddenly registers signals from the environment 
indicating that we are threatened or in danger, this change in our physiol-
ogy should be instantaneous—and it is. Interestingly enough, although 
our nervous system is quick to be upset, it takes a longer time to settle 
down when we are safe again. 
It does not require a trauma to affect C1 and C2; the memory of a 
past event can do the same thing. Brain-scan studies in women with 
post-traumatic stress disorder show a reduction in blood flow to their 
brains' frontal lobes when they hear a re-telling of the traumatic events.cm 
Why would a trauma, the memory of a trauma, or even just a negative 
thought lead to a structural change such as a rotation of Cl and C2? Ten 
small muscles connect the occipital bone at the base of the skull with C1 
and C2. Eight of these muscles are called the suboccipital muscles, and 
lie on the posterior (back) surface of the vertebrae. Two other muscles, 
the rectus capitis latemlis and the rectus capitis anterior, lie on the anterior 
(front) surface of these same two vertebrae. They are innervated by the 
occipital nerve, located on the scalp at the back of the head. (See “Suboc-
cipital muscles,""Vertebral arteries,""Suboccipital muscles with vertebra:' 
and "Suboccipital nerve" in the Appendix.) Inappropriate tensions in any 
of these ten muscles are enough to shift and hold Cl and C2 out of joint. 
192 
EFTA00810194
--- PAGE 229 ---
The Basic Exercise 
The transverse processes of each cervical vertebra have openings 
(called foramens, or foramina) to accommodate passage of the vertebral 
arteries. Rotation or tipping of the vertebrae can twist or put pressure on 
these arteries, reducing the flow of blood, as in a plastic garden hose; if 
you put a bend in it, you reduce or shut off the flow of water. The amount 
of blood passing through these vertebral arteries depends on the position 
of the upper cervical vertebrae in the neck. 
When we do the Basic Exercise, we lie with the weight of our head 
on our fingers. This pressure is enough to stimulate the occipital nerve, 
causing these muscles to relax and to come into balance with each other. 
When we do the Basic Exercise, the first two cervical vertebrae move into 
a better position relative to each other. 
When Cl and C2 come back into place, it relieves tension on the ver-
tebral arteries, providing better blood flow to the brain and brainstem, 
and allows us to return to social engagement. Adequate blood supply to 
the cranial nerves, brainstem, and brain is necessary for proper function 
of the social nervous system as well as other bodily functions. 
Concurrently, therefore, with realignment of Cl and C2, there is relief 
of many of the symptoms that we earlier described as the 'Heads of the 
Hydra:' 
WHY DO WE MOVE OUR EYES IN THE BASIC EXERCISE? 
The Basic Exercise involves movement of the eyes because there is a direct 
neurological connection between the eight suboccipital muscles and the 
muscles that move our eyeballs. 
We can directly experience this connection between eye movement and 
changes in tension of the suboccipital muscles if we place a finger across 
the back of the head, just under and parallel to the lower edge of the skull. 
Leaving the head in place, if we move our eyes right or left, up or down, or 
diagonally, a light finger pressure should detect a slight movement of the 
upper cervical vertebrae, or a change in the levels of tension in the muscles 
of the neck under our finger along with every movement of our eyes. 
193 
EFTA00810195
--- PAGE 230 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
In my clinic I have observed that people who are socially engaged have 
a well-positioned Cl and C2. They also have a well-functioning auto-
nomic nervous system that is flexible and able to respond appropriately 
to a variety of situations and internal states. 
Social engagement is not a fixed state, nor should the position of Cl 
and C2 stay fixed after doing the Basic Exercise. These bones move the 
instant that our psychological state shifts in moments of happiness, sat-
isfaction, fear, anger, or withdrawal, or when our physiological state shifts 
among social engagement, dorsal vagus activation, or spinal sympathetic 
chain activation. 
Our autonomic nervous system is constantly scanning both our 
external and internal environments. When everything is good, Cl and 
C2 come into place, and we get adequate blood flow to the brainstem. 
When there is a dorsal vagal state, or activity of the spinal sympathetic 
chain, Cl and C2 rotate out of position, reducing blood flow to the origin 
of the five cranial nerves in the brainstem and to some areas of the brain. 
This physiological mechanism takes us away from social engagement, but 
it also enables us to react when we are challenged or endangered. This 
mechanism is instinctive, immediate, and bypasses conscious thought. 
Usually we are not aware of the change. 
One of the cornerstones of my treatment of stress and depression is 
to realign Cl and C2 using the Basic Exercise, or with a hands-on myo-
fascial release technique (see "Neuro-Fascial Release Technique" on page 
195). These interventions release imbalances in the tension of the small 
muscles that hold the skull and the first two vertebrae in relation to each 
other, and this repositions the atlas and the occiput. Improved alignment 
of the vertebrae, especially CI and C2, improves blood flow to the brain 
and usually brings a rapid improvement in the function of the five nerves 
necessary for the state of social engagement. 
There are other forms of manual therapy that use short-thrust, high-
velocity manipulative techniques designed put Cl in place. However, I 
prefer to use a gentle technique. If I can give the body the right information 
with a soft touch at the right place, the body will balance itself. Because 
we cannot put Cl and C2 into place and expect them to stay that way 
194 
EFTA00810196
--- PAGE 231 ---
Neuro-Fascial Release Technique for Social Engagement 
permanently, we should repeat balancing techniques frequently, or as 
needed. Since there is no such thing as a fixed state of balance, it is more 
useful to think of balancing, an ongoing process. 
Neuro-Fascial Release Technique for 
Social Engagement 
Before I ever heard of the Polyvagal Theory or treated a patient on the 
autism spectrum, I managed to develop a hands-on healing technique on 
the base of the cranium that I would fortuitously be able to use later to 
help many people improve their communication and social skills. Some-
times I choose to use this technique in my clinic rather than the Basic 
Exercise. I've named it the "Neuro-Fascial Release Technique." 
I developed this technique based on my understanding of the principles 
of biomechanical craniosacral therapy, osteopathy, and connective-tissue 
release (Rolfing). I have used it with great success for at least twenty-five 
years, and I have taught it to a few thousand therapists. 
This technique takes less than five minutes to perform, requires no 
physical effort, and is highly effective. You can use it on yourself, or to 
treat someone else. 
WHEN TO UTILIZE THE NEURO-FASCIAL RELEASE TECHNIQUE 
The Basic Exercise is a simple self-help method, and an easy and effective 
way to achieve better function of the ventral vagus nerve. However, if you 
are a body therapist, you may prefer to use your own hands rather than 
give people exercises to do; or you may want to combine the self-help 
exercises with hands-on techniques. 
The Neuro-Fascial Release Technique can serve as an alternative to 
the Basic Exercise. It is especially valuable for treating babies, children, 
and adults on the autism spectrum who lack the necessary verbal com-
munication skills to absorb instruction about the Basic Exercise, when it 
might be difficult to communicate with them and have them follow your 
195 
EFTA00810197
--- PAGE 232 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
instructions. Using your hands in this way gives you a nonverbal method 
for bringing about beneficial changes in another person's nervous system. 
If you practice massage or other hands-on modalities, I suggest that 
you do this technique, or have your client do the Basic Exercise, when you 
start your sessions. This recommendation is in line with the research of 
Porges, Cottingham, and Lyon (see earlier section), and will ensure that 
your client's autonomic nervous system will be flexible and that he will 
gain the most he can from your treatment. 
I also suggest that you end your sessions with this technique. 
NEURO-FASCIAL RELEASE TECHNIQUE INSTRUCTIONS 
If you are used to doing massage, you will need to use your hands in a new 
way in order to have success with this technique. Practice this technique 
on yourself and learn how to achieve a release before you try it on some-
one else. To bring about social engagement with this technique, you need 
to stimulate reflexes in the nerves in the loose connective tissue just under 
the skin over the base of the skull. This balances the levels of tension in the 
small muscles between the base of the skull and the vertebrae of the neck 
It will be easier to learn this technique if the person is lying on his 
stomach, so that you can easily see your fingers. Start with one side of 
the back of his head. 
I. Push gently at the base of the skull on one side, and feel the hard-
ness of the occipital bone. Test the "slide-ability" of the skin on 
one side of the occiput. Gently slide the skin over the bone to the 
right. Then let it come back to neutral. 
2. Then slide the skin to the left, and let it come back to neutral. 
In which direction was there more resistance? 
3. Slide the skin in the direction of greater resistance. Go very slowly, 
and be ready to stop at the very first sign of resistance. It may only 
have moved an eighth of an inch or less. Stop there, and hold that 
position. Continue to feel the slight resistance. In the pause when 
196 
EFTA00810198
--- PAGE 233 ---
Neuro-Fascial Release Technique for Social Engagement 
you are doing nothing, the person will sigh or swallow, and the 
resistance in the skin will melt away as it releases. 
4. When you test again, the skin should slide easily in both 
directions. 
5. Repeat the technique on the other side. 
When you test the vagus nerve again (see Chapter 4), it should be 
functioning properly. Also, there should be greater freedom of movement 
when turning the head to the left and right. 
TWO-HANDED NEURO-FASCIAL RELEASE TECHNIQUE 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Once you have practiced with one hand, you can use two hands. 
1.Place one finger of one hand on the occiput at the base of the 
back of the head on one side. Test the slide-ability of the skin over 
the bone, as described above. The skin should slide more easily in 
one direction than the other over the bone. 
2. Place a finger from the other hand at the top of the neck on the 
same side. If you push a little deeper, you should be able to feel 
the muscles. Use this finger to test the slide-ability of the skin over 
the muscles at the top of the neck. It should move more easily in 
the direction opposite to the direction that the other finger is slid-
ing over the skull bone (Figure 9). 
3. After you have tested, lighten your pressure. Let the fingers of 
your two hands slide the skin in opposite directions until you feel 
resistance. 
4. Stop there, and hold that slight tension; wait until you get a sigh 
or a swallow. 
5. Release your fingers, and allow the skin to return to its original 
position. 
197 
EFTA00810199
--- PAGE 234 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
Figure 9. Sliding the skin over the occiput with two hands 
6. Do the same thing on the skin on the opposite side of the skull 
and the neck. 
When you test the vagus nerve again, it should now be functioning 
properly. There should also be greater freedom of movement when turn-
ing the head to the left and to the right. 
PROPER APPLICATION OF THE NEURO-FASCIAL 
RELEASE TECHNIQUE 
The key to success with the Neuro-Fascial Release Technique is getting 
the skin to slide, and stopping at the first sign of resistance. Use your 
fingertips to connect with the skin using the lightest touch imaginable. 
Then slide the skin a very short distance over the underlying layers of 
muscles, bones, and tendons. 
This technique differs from techniques used in other forms of mas-
sage, which primarily target the muscular system and therefore push into 
the body. Please take the time to read the step-by-step instructions so that 
you can learn to do it properly. 
198 
EFTA00810200
--- PAGE 235 ---
Neuro-Fascial Release Technique for Social Engagement 
This hands-on technique stretches the loose connective tissue just 
under the skin. (To get an appreciation of how fine and delicate this tissue 
is, go to YouTube and search "Strolling 
the Skin:") This connective 
tissue is rich in proprioceptive nerve endings. When you gently slide the 
skin a very short distance over the muscles and bones, you create a slight 
traction in this loose tissue, which is enough to stimulate these nerves. 
You slide the skin only a short distance, until you feel the very first 
sign of resistance, and because you are working directly on the proprio-
ceptive nerves you do not need to use the force required by most forms 
of massage that focus on the muscles. If you use unnecessary force and 
keep pushing after the first sign of resistance, or if you slide the skin too 
rapidly, the muscles and the ligaments will actually tighten. You cannot 
cause any damage this way—the release just takes a longer time. At worst, 
you might not get the desired changes. 
You may find that sometimes you are pushing so lightly that the other 
person reports that they cannot feel anything. That is good feedback! 
As you progress with the treatment, you will notice palpable improve-
ment in the slide-ability of the skin. 
The Salamander Exercises 
The following "Salamander Exercises" progressively increase flexibility 
in the thoracic spine, freeing up movement in the joints between the 
individual ribs and the sternum. This will increase your breathing 
capacity, help reduce a forward head posture by bringing your head back 
into better alignment, and reduce a scoliosis (abnormal spine curvature). 
Eighty percent of the fibers of the vagus nerve are afferent (sensory) 
fibers, which means that they bring information back from the body to 
the brain, while only 20 percent are efferent (motor) fibers that carry 
instructions from the brain to the body. Some of the afferent fibers from 
parts of CN IX and CN X monitor the amount of oxygen and carbon 
dioxide in the blood. By improving our pattern of breathing with these 
exercises, we tell the brain (via the afferent nerves) that we are safe and 
199 
EFTA00810201
--- PAGE 236 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
that our visceral organs are functioning properly. This in turn facilitates 
ventral vagal activity. 
But which comes first? Is a limited breathing pattern the result of a 
dysfunctional ventral vagus, or is a lack of ventral vagus function caused 
by feedback from a less than optimal breathing pattern? If there are ten-
sions in the respiratory diaphragm and the muscles that move the ribs, 
feedback from the afferent vagal nerves monitoring those movements will 
report abnormal breathing, which may prevent a state of ventral vagal 
activity, just as restoring ventral vagal activity can improve the physi-
ological condition; in practice, improving either one is helpful, no matter 
which came first. 
A forward head posture reduces the space in the upper chest that is 
available for breathing. The Salamander Exercises can create more space 
in the upper chest for both the heart and the lungs. Reducing a forward 
head posture will also take pressure off of the nerves that reach from the 
spinal cord to the heart, lungs, and visceral organs. By improving the 
alignment of the cervical vertebrae, the Salamander Exercises also relieve 
pressure on vertebral arteries, and can relieve some back pains between 
the shoulders. 
When you do the Salamander Exercises, you bring your head to the 
same level as the rest of your spine. This posture is similar to that of a 
salamander, which does not have a neck, so that its head is like an extra 
vertebra at the top of the spine. A salamander cannot flex, extend, rotate, 
or side-bend its head separately in relationship to the first vertebra of the 
spine, or lift its head above the level of the spinal vertebrae, as reptiles and 
mammals can. This exercise is done with the head in line with the spine. 
In terms of your spinal movements, these exercises put your head in 
a position that is neither up nor down. The thoracic (chest portion of 
the spine) can now side-bend better, somewhat like a salamander. You 
can utilize side-bending movements in your thoracic vertebrae in order 
to release muscular tensions between your ribs and thoracic spine. This 
contributes to the freedom of movement of your ribs and promotes 
optimal breathing. 
200 
EFTA00810202
--- PAGE 237 ---
Neuro-Fascial Release Technique for Social Engagement 
In the extension and flexion of the human spine, there is usually 
greater flexibility in the neck and lumbar vertebrae, and less flexibility in 
the thoracic spine. However, the flexibility of the thoracic spine increases 
dramatically with side-bending. The facet joints of the thoracic vertebrae 
are unlocked, allowing the thoracic spine to side-bend more freely. 
LEVEL 1:THE HALF-SALAMANDER EXERCISE 
To do the first part of the Salamander Exercise to the right, sit or stand 
in a comfortable position. 
1. Without turning your head, let your eyes look to the right. 
2. Continuing to face straight forward, tilt your head to the right so 
that your right ear moves closer to your right shoulder, without 
lifting the shoulder to meet it (Figure 10). 
Figure 10. Half-Salamander with eyes to the right 
3. Hold your head in this position for thirty to sixty seconds. 
4. Then let your head come back up to neutral, and shift your eyes 
to look forward again. 
201 
EFTA00810203
--- PAGE 238 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
5. Now do the same on the other side: let your eyes look to the left, 
and then side-bend your head to the left. After thirty to sixty 
seconds, return your head to an upright position, and your eyes 
to a forward direction. 
THE NALF-SALAMANDER—A VARIATION 
In this variation on the Half-Salamander Exercise, follow the same 
instructions above, but let your eyes look to the right while tipping your 
head to the left (Figure I I). This movement of your eyes in the opposite 
direction before you move your head increases your range of motion; 
you should be able to side-bend your head even further to the left. Hold 
this for thirty to sixty seconds, and then reverse to do the same thing on 
the other side. 
Figure 11. Half-Salamander with eyes to the left 
LEVEL 2:THE FULL SALAMANDER EXERCISE 
The Full Salamander Exercise involves side-bending the entire spine 
rather than just the neck. Also, we use a different body position. 
202 
EFTA00810204
--- PAGE 239 ---
Neuro-Fascial Release Technique for Social Engagement 
1. Get down on all fours, supporting your weight on your knees and 
the palms of your hands. You can rest your hands on the floor, but 
it is better if you place the palms of your hands on a desktop, a 
table, the seat of a chair, or the pillows of a sofa. Your head should 
be on the same plane as your spine (Figure 12). 
Figure 12. Salamander on all fours 
2. In this exercise, your ears should be neither lifted above nor 
dropped below the level of your spine. In order to find the right 
head position, lift your head slightly above what you think is 
right. You should be able to sense that your head is slightly raised. 
Then lower your head slightly below what you think is right. You 
should be able to sense that your head is lower than it should be. 
Go back and forth between the two positions. Take your head 
up a little and then take it down a little. Try to find a position in 
the middle where your head does not feel too far up or down. 
Although you may never find this position exactly, you can begin 
to zero in on it. 
203 
EFTA00810205
--- PAGE 240 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
3. Once you have found a good position for your head relative to 
your spine, look to the right with your eyes, hold them in that po-
sition, and side-bend your head to the right by moving your right 
ear toward your right shoulder. 
4. Complete the movement by letting the bend in your side continue 
beyond your neck, all the way down to the base of your spine. 
5. Hold this position for thirty to sixty seconds. 
6. Bring your spine and head back to center. 
Figure 13. Salamander with head to the left 
7. Repeat all steps above, but on the left side (Figure 13). 
Massage for Migraines 
In the Appendix you will find drawings of four different patterns of 
migraine headache pain, shown in red. (See "Headache" illustrations.) 
The X's in the drawings indicate the location of trigger points on the 
surface of the muscles that can be massaged in order to release tension 
in the affected muscles. 
204 
EFTA00810206
--- PAGE 241 ---
Massage for Migraines 
The four drawings show the four typical patterns of migraine pain. 
Find the pattern of pain that fits your symptoms. Once you identify the 
headache pattern, you can see which part of which muscle has been tight, 
and where to massage it. 
The trigger points, each marked with an X in each drawing, are areas 
on the surface of a muscle where there is a high concentration of nerve 
endings. Some of them will feel more thick or hard than the rest of the 
muscle. People often find that trigger points that need to be released are 
painful when pressure is applied. 
FINDING AND DEFUSING TENSION IN TRIGGER POINTS 
Because you are working on nerves on the surface of the muscle, a light 
touch is usually sufficient to release the tension in the entire muscle. 
Rather than massaging the entire muscle, as in ordinary massage, it is 
usually enough to simply massage the trigger points. You do not need to 
work hard or press deep into the body. 
Massaging trigger points deeply or with a lot of force is usually pain-
ful, and can be counterproductive. Under excessive pressure, the body 
does not feel safe, and the autonomic nervous system is put into a state 
of sympathetic activation or dorsal vagal withdrawal. This is not harmful, 
but it is inefficient because it takes time for the body to settle down again. 
Make a few small circles on the trigger point. Then stop and wait until 
you notice a nervous system reaction in the form of a sigh or a swallow. 
Within a few minutes, the intensity of the pain should start to dimin-
ish or disappear. You can repeat the treatment whenever relief from a 
migraine is needed. 
Not all the X's on the drawing need to be treated. Even if an X indicates 
a trigger point for a particular pattern of pain, if you do not feel anything 
hard or painful at that particular spot on the surface of the muscle, that 
trigger point is not active. Don't waste time trying to release it, but focus 
on the trigger points that do feel hard, thick, or painful. 
205 
EFTA00810207
--- PAGE 242 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
SCM Exercise for a Stiff Neck 
This exercise will extend your range of movement as you rotate your 
head, alleviate symptoms of a stiff neck, and help to prevent migraine 
headaches. It is similar to the very first movements that we made as infants 
lying on our stomachs, propped up on our elbows, with our heads free to 
move so that we could look around. 
1. Lie on your stomach (Figure 14). Lift your head, and bring your 
arms under your chest. Rest the weight of your upper body on 
your elbows (Figure 15). 
Figure 14. Lying on the stomach 
ft al PAI 111 
Figure 15. Lifting the head.jpg 
206 
EFTA00810208
--- PAGE 243 ---
SCM Excercise for a Stiff Neck 
2. Rotate your head to the right as far as it comfortably goes. Hold 
that position for sixty seconds. 
3. Bring your head back to center. 
Figure 16. Turning the head to the left) 
4. Now rotate your head to the left as far as it comfortably goes, and 
hold that position for sixty seconds (Figure 16). 
If you have improved the rotation of the head with this exercise but the 
movement is still not as good as you want it to be on one side, then the 
restriction is probably coming from another muscle, the levator scapulae, 
which is innervated by spinal nerves C3—05. This kind of stiff neck will 
not be eliminated solely by improving the function of CN XI and the 
trapezius and sternocleidomastoid muscles. (See "The Levator Scapulae 
Muscle" on page 104). 
Part of the stiffness may also come from a hiatal hernia and shorten-
ing of the esophagus, since the vagus nerve wraps around the esophagus. 
(See "Relieving COPD and Hiatal Hernia" on page 89.) n
207 
EFTA00810209
--- PAGE 244 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
Twist and Turn Exercise for the Trapezius 
The Twist and Turn Exercise improves the tone of a flaccid trapezius 
muscle, and balances each of its three parts with the other two parts. It 
also helps to lengthen the spine, improve breathing, and correct forward 
head posture (FHP). This in turn often alleviates shoulder and back pain. 
This exercise can benefit anyone, not just those with FHP. It takes less 
than one minute to do, and the feeling of positive change is immediate. 
It is a good idea to take a moment to do this exercise whenever you have 
been sitting for a while, and to repeat it regularly from time to time. I do 
it almost every time that I get up from sitting at my computer. Every time 
you do the exercise, you will experience an improvement in breathing and 
posture, and its positive effects are cumulative. 
The idea behind this exercise is neither to strengthen nor to stretch 
the trapezius muscle. The assumption is that the muscle is strong enough 
and just needs stimulation of the nerves to flaccid muscle fibers. You are 
waking them up so that they can take over their share of the work, as they 
did when we were babies and crawled on all fours. 
When a baby is lying on its stomach, it uses all the fibers of the three 
parts of the trapezius muscle to keep the shoulder blades together, lift 
the head, and turn the head to look around. Later, the baby also uses all 
these muscle fibers when raising itself up on all fours to crawl and to 
look around. 
However, when a baby stands up, all the fibers of the trapezius are no 
longer used evenly. Some become more tense, while the energy goes out of 
other fibers so that they become flaccid. The head is no longer supported 
in the same way by all three parts of the trapezius muscle. Over time, the 
head tends to glide further forward, so that the centers of the ears are in 
front of the center of the shoulders. The shoulders then exhibit a tendency 
to pull forward and down toward the midline. 
After doing this exercise, you will have a more even tone in all the 
muscle fibers of the three parts of your trapezius. Then, when you stand 
or sit, your head will glide back and up naturally by itself, reducing FHP 
and improving your posture. 
208 
EFTA00810210
--- PAGE 245 ---
Twist and Turn EIS) ise for theTrapezius 
TWIST AND TURN EXERCISE INSTRUCTIONS 
There are three parts to this exercise. The difference between the three 
parts is the position of your arms. 
1. Sit comfortably on a firm surface, such as the seat of a chair or a 
bench. Keep your face looking forward. 
2. Fold and cross your arms, with your hands resting lightly on your 
elbows (Figure 17). You will be rotating your shoulder girdle 
briskly, first to one side and then to the other, without stopping, 
and without shifting the hips. 
Figure 17. Hands on elbows 
3. For the first part of the exercise, let your elbows drop and rest just 
in front of your body. Rotate your shoulders so that your elbows 
move, first to one side and then back to the other side. When you 
rotate your shoulders from side to side, your arms glide lightly 
over your stomach. This activates the fibers of your upper trape-
zius (Figure 18). 
209 
EFTA00810211
--- PAGE 246 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
Figure 18.Trapezius twist 
4. Do this three times. Do not strain, and do not stop your move-
ment. Move your shoulders without forcing them or holding 
them; your movements are easy and relaxed. 
5. The second part is just like the first; the only difference is that you 
lift your elbows and hold them in front of your chest, at the level 
of your heart (Figure 19). Rotate your elbows first to one side and 
then to the other (Figure 20). Do this three times. This activates 
the muscle fibers of your middle trapezius. 
Figure 19.Trapezius twist with elbows lifted 
210 
EFTA00810212
--- PAGE 247 ---
Q 
Twist and Turn Excercise for the Trapezius 
Figure 20. Trapezius twist to the right 
6. For the third part, raise your elbows as high as you comfortably 
can, and repeat the exercise above (Figure 21). Rotate your elbows 
from side to side, three times (Figure 22). This activates the 
muscle fibers of your lower trapezius. 
Figure 21. Elbows raised high 
211 
EFTA00810213
--- PAGE 248 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
Figure 22.Trapezius twist with arms lifted 
After you have done the exercise, you might notice that your head feels 
lighter and has moved back and up, away from the forward head posture. 
It is not uncommon for someone with significant FHP to become an inch 
or two taller the first time they do the exercise. If someone has been look-
ing at you from the side, she will see that your head has moved partway 
back from its original forward position, if you had that tendency. 
A Four-Minute Natural Facelift, Part 1 
Benefits of this gentle and pleasant treatment include relaxing the facial 
muscles and leaving a more natural smile in place by improving the 
function of cranial nerves V and VII. You can do it for yourself and share 
it with others. This exercise: 
improves the circulation to your skin 
puts life into the muscles of expression of the middle third of 
your face, in the area between the corners of the mouth and the 
corners of the eyes 
212 
EFTA00810214
--- PAGE 249 ---
A Four-Minute Natural Facelift, Part 1 
• improves blood circulation to the skin of your face 
• brings a youthful quality of liveliness that you can feel and others 
can see 
• helps you smile more naturally and more often 
• makes your face more responsive to interactions with others, and 
thereby increases your sense of empathy 
• makes flat cheekbones a little more prominent and makes very 
high cheeks a little flatter. 
Before you do this technique, look at your face in a mirror. If you are doing 
the technique on someone else, give theta hand-held mirror so they can 
watch their face and follow the changes. Look especially at the area of the 
skin around the cheekbones. 
Do one side of the face first. Then check whether you can see or feel 
a difference between the two sides. The differences are usually obvious 
when you talk or smile. Then do the other side. There should be more 
symmetry again. 
WHERE TO DO THE TECHNIQUE 
There is a point on the face that is the endpoint of the Large Intestine 
acupuncture meridian, called LI 20. (See "Acupuncture points" in the 
Appendix.) It is a beauty point in Chinese, Japanese, and Thai Massage. 
In Classical Thai Massage, this point is called "Golden Bamboo." In 
Traditional Chinese Medicine, this point is called "Welcoming Fragrance 
and it opens the nostrils, improving the breathing. 
This point in Chinese medicine is interesting in terms of Western 
anatomy. It lies directly over a joint between two bones of the face, the 
maxilla and the pre-maxilla. The two bones were separate entities long 
ago in the evolutionary development of our species, but they calcified 
together into a single bone at an early stage. In modern anatomy, the 
maxilla/pre-maxilla is referred to as one bone, called the maxilla. 
213 
EFTA00810215
--- PAGE 250 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
The endpoint of the Large Intestine meridian is easy to find. Just 
lightly touch the skin about an eighth of an inch to the side of the top 
of the supra-alar crease (the fold between the cheek and upper lip), near 
the outer edge of the nostril. If you explore the area with your finger, you 
will find this point easily because it is more sensitive than the rest of the 
surrounding skin (Figure 23). 
Figure 23. Massage at LI 20 
HOW AND WHY TO DO THE TECHNIQUE 
The surface of the facial skin is innervated by branches of the fifth cra-
nial nerve. Lightly touching the skin of your face stimulates these nerve 
endings. 
1. With a very light contact, brush the surface of the skin at acu-
puncture point LI 20. Then let your fingertip melt together with 
the skin. 
2. Slide the skin up and down to find which direction presents 
greater resistance. Push lightly into that resistance. Stop. 
3. Hold at that point, and wait to feel it release. 
214 
EFTA00810216
--- PAGE 251 ---
A Four-Minute Natural Facelift, Part 1 
4. Slide the skin inward toward the midline of the face, and out 
toward the side to find the direction of greater resistance. 
5. Stop there, and push lightly. Hold and wait for the release. 
The muscles of the face are innervated by branches of the seventh cra-
nial nerve (VII). There are two layers of facial muscles just below the skin. 
6. Let your fingertip sink gently into the muscle layers beneath the 
skin at the same point. Let the first muscle layer adhere to your 
fingertip as if it were Velcro. 
7. If you are careful not to push too hard, and if you feel what is 
happening under your fingertips, you can slide these layers of 
muscles; first slide one layer on top of the other, making a small 
circle. 
8. As you go around the circle, you may notice that there is more 
resistance to sliding the skin in one direction. Keep pushing 
lightly in that direction, and hold until there is a release in the 
form of a sigh or a swallow. 
9. Next, push slightly deeper. Now the deeper layer of muscles sticks 
together with the top muscle layer and the skin. You can slide 
both layers together over the surface of the bone. 
10. As you go around the circle, you may notice that there is more 
resistance to sliding the skin in one direction. Keep pushing 
lightly in that direction, and hold until there is a release in the 
form of a sigh or a swallow. 
All bones have a connective-tissue covering called a periosteum (peri-
means "around," and osteurn means "bone"). This tissue is very rich in 
nerve endings from spinal nerves or, in this case, cranial nerves. 
11. Let your fingertip sink even deeper into the face until you rest 
lightly on the surface of the bone. 
12. Massage on the surface of the periosteum has a profound effect 
on the autonomic nervous system. Press lightly, but hard enough 
215 
EFTA00810217
--- PAGE 252 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
to reach the surface of the bone at Large Intestine 20. Let your 
fingertip move from side to side on the surface of the bone, then 
hold a light pressure on the bone and wait until you get a release. 
In the embryo, this bone was two bones, the maxilla and the pre-
maxilla. Even though these have fused into one bone, it is still possible 
for most people to sense that there were once two separate bones. 
This massage of cranial nerves V and VII stimulates the nerves to 
the skin and muscles of the face. It does not erase all the wrinkles, but 
it relaxes the muscles of the face, reduces some wrinkles, and leaves the 
face looking younger and more refreshed. And there are no negative side-
effects such as scar tissue from a face-lift operation or toxic accumulations 
of Botox. 
More importantly, this massage helps the face to be more expressive, 
communicative, and responsive—more socially engaged. Our face should 
be flexible and able to express different emotional responses in various 
situations. Facial expressions are a vital part of our communication with 
other people. 
In addition to expressing our own emotions, facial flexibility is impor-
tant for social engagement. When our face is relaxed and we look at some-
one else's face, our own face automatically makes micro-movements that 
mirror the other's facial expression. These movements are very small, and 
change very quickly. 
These changes in tension in our skin and our facial muscles then feed 
back to the brain via the afferent pathways of cranial nerves V and VII, 
to give us immediate subconscious information about what others are 
feeling. This is a prerequisite for us to have empathy for another person. 
If facial muscles under the skin are generally relaxed, a person usually 
has a smooth, pleasant, and what is seen as a beautiful or handsome face. 
Unfortunately, many people get stuck in the same emotional and facial 
pattern for years. Their facial muscles pull on the skin, creating wrinkles 
or a double chin. If the person stays in the same emotional state and 
does not relax his or her facial muscles, these wrinkles become deeper 
with time. 
216 
EFTA00810218
--- PAGE 253 ---
A Four-Minute Natural Facelift, Part 2 
In addition to this technique, a light stroking of the skin of the face 
stimulates CN V and reduces tension in all the facial muscles. 
A Four-Minute Natural Facelift Part 2 
Part I is focused on 1.120, an acupuncture point on the Large Intestine 
meridian at the side of the nostril. Stimulating this point improves the 
balance and tone of the muscles of the lower face around the mouth 
and the nose. Part 2, in turn, focuses on the eyes. The actual technique 
is similar in many ways to the first facelifting technique that you did at 
Large Intestine 20. You will find the-sensitiw-pleeton the inside corner 
of the eyebrow. People often rub this point naturally, without thinking 
about it, when they are tired. Massaging the skin and muscles of the face 
here is often self-soothing (Figure 24). 
Using your thumb or one finger, connect to the-aenpunc-tufe-peirkt 
B2. This-peint-is-lecated-at-the-medifil4imer4-enil-ef-the-eyebrew, At B2, 
work your way down each of the layers: the skin, two layers of muscles, 
and the periosteum. 
Figure 24. Massage at B2 
217 
EFTA00810219
--- PAGE 254 ---
EXERCISES TO RESTORE SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 
This point is also a trigger point for the orbicularis oculi muscle, a thin, 
flat muscle that surrounds the opening of the eye. The eyes are sometimes 
called the mirror of the soul. Before we work on B2, the muscle might 
be too tight, leaving the eye somewhat closed or it might be undertoned, 
leaving the eye too open. When we finish, there will be an improved 
balance between looking outwards and looking in. You will see another 
person more clearly, and this person in turn will have an easier time 
making eye contact with you and will experience seeing you differently . 
At a deeper level, this acupuncture point is at the edge of a tiny 
facial bone called the lacrimal bone. The word "lacramal" refers to tears. 
Sometimes a person's eyes can be dry and appear lifeless. Someone can 
also experience an annoying flow of tears 
By touching this bone at B2 and holding your contact on the Mal 
bone, you will balance the flow of moisture to the eyes and leave them 
bright and sparkling. The goal of the facelifting massage is leave a smile 
on your lips and a twinkle in your eyes. 
I. Find the place at the inner corner of the eyebrow that is more 
sensitive than the surrounding areas. 
2. First use your fingertip to brush the skin lightly a few times. 
3. Let your fingertip rest lightly on the skin at point B2 (see above), 
and hold that contact with the surface of the skin until you get a 
release in the form of sigh or a swallow. 
4. Next, press gently down to the layer of the facial muscles. This is 
where the flat, round orbicularis oculi muscle, which goes around 
the eye, attaches to the bones of the face. Let the skin stick to 
your finger and make a small circle, sliding the skin lightly and 
searching for the direction where there is resistance. 
5. Hold your finger on that resistance until you get a release in the 
form of a sigh or a swallow. 
6. Then go even deeper until you feel the surface of the bone. Rub 
that a few times. 
218 
EFTA00810220
--- PAGE 255 ---
Severing all the Heads of the Hydra 
7. Then hold the contact with the bone, and wait for a release. 
If the orbicularis oculi muscle is too tight, closing the eyelids into a 
squint, this should open the eye more normally. If the eye was too wide-
open, this technique should firm it down a bit but still leave it open. 
This is the second of two beauty points in Classical Thai Massage. 
Severing all the Heads of the Hydra 
The purpose of all of these self-help exercises and hands-on techniques 
is to help bring people out of a dorsal vagal state, or help them out of 
chronic activation of the sympathetic chain, and bring them home to 
a ventral vagal state. Only in this way can weeever all the heads of the 
Hydriand restore our capability for physical and emotional health. 
219 
EFTA00810221
--- PAGE 256 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00810222
--- PAGE 257 ---
NOTES 
Jerzy Grotowski, ed. Eugenio Barba, Towards a Poor Theatre (New York: 
Routledge Theatre Arts, 2002), 27. 
Ida P. Rolf, PhD, Rolfing Reestablishing the Natural Alignment and 
Structural Integration of the Human Body for Vitality and Well-Being, 
rev. ed. (Rochester, VT: Healing Arts Press, 1989). 
"The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1937," Nobel Media AB 
2014 (Oct 4, 2016), www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/medicine 
/laureates/1937/. 
There is another aspect and medical definition of stress that refers to 
pushing our muscles and/or organs with sports training and other 
physical regimens such as fasting, and it has been said that a certain 
level of this kind of stress is good for an organism. 
Main Gehin's definitive book on his technique is called The Atlas of 
Manipulative Techniques for the Cranium and the Face (Seattle: Eastland 
Press, English translation, 1985). In this book, Gehin teaches more 
than 150 biomechanical techniques, and describes which techniques 
to choose when attempting to improve the function of the individual 
cranial nerves. 
Ronald Lawrence and Stanley Rosenberg, Pain Relief with Osteomassage 
(Santa Barbara, CA: Woodbridge Press, 1982). 
CN VIII is the coccleovestibular nerve. There are two specialized 
organs in the bony labyrinth of the temporal bone. "Cochlear" refers 
to the auditory component of CN VIII, which transduces sound into 
electrical impulses to the brain. "Vestibular" refers to the part of CN 
VIII that translates information from the movement of a thick fluid 
in three semicircular canals embedded in the temporal bone. As we 
change the position of the head in relationship to gravity, fluid in 
these canals moves, pushing on hairs that stimulate nerves to give us 
information about the position and movement of the head. 
Harold Magoun, DO, Osteopathy in the Cranial Field, 3td ed. (India-
napolis, IN: The Cranial Academy, 1976). 
221 
EFTA00810223
--- PAGE 258 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
The idea that the cranial bones move is contrary to almost all teach-
ings in anatomy and physiology. The commonly held belief is that the 
bones fuse together at different ages, the last of these growing fast to 
the rest of the skull at the age of thirty-eight. However, I saw collec-
tions of separate human skull bones from an older adult in an anatomy 
lab; the bones had been separated by filling a prepared skull with rice 
and submerging it in a bucket of water. As the rice absorbed the water 
and expanded, it pushed the bones apart from each other. If the bones 
had fully grown together, as is taught in many anatomy classes, this 
separation of bones would not be possible in an adult of this age. 
Lauren M. Wier, MPH (Thomson Reuters) and Roxanne M. Andrews, 
PhD (AHRQ), Statistical Brief #107: The National Hospital Bill: The 
Most Expensive Conditions by Payer, 2008, Healthcare Cost and Utiliza-
tion Project Statistical Brief #107 (Rockville, MD: Agency for Health-
care Research and Quality, 2011), www.hcup-us.ahrq.gov/reports 
/statbriefs/sb107.pdf. 
M. Widen, "Back Specialists are Discouraging the Use of Surgery," 
American Academy of Pain Medicine, 17th annual meeting, Miami 
Beach, FL (2001). 
Markus Melloh, Christoph Roder, Achim Elfering, Jean-Claude Theis, 
Urs Muller, Lukas P. Staub, Emin Aghayev, Thomas Zweig, Thomas 
Ban, Thomas Kuhlmann, Simon Wieser, Peter Juni, and Marcel 
Zwahlen, "Differences Across Health Care Systems in Outcome and 
Cost-Utility of Surgical and Conservative Treatment of Chronic Low 
Back Pain: A Study Protocol," BMC Musculoskeletal Disorders 9, no. 81 
(2008). 
Lumbar Spinal Stenosis, American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeo 
(2010), www.knowyourbackorg/Pages/SpinalConditions/Degene 
tiveConditions/LumbarSpinalStenosis.aspx. 
Michael Gershon, The Second Brain (New York Harper Collins 
Publishers, 1999). 
B. Zahorska-Markiewicz, E. Kuagowska, C. Kucio, and M. Klin, "Heart 
Rate Variability in Obesity," International Journal of Obesity and Related 
Metabolic Disorders 17, no. I (Jan 1993): 21-23. 
222 
EFTA00810224
--- PAGE 259 ---
Notes 
Gemot Ernst, Heart Rate Variability (London: Springer-Verlag, 2014), 261. 
Stephen W. Porges, "Orienting in a Defensive World: Mammalian 
Modifications of our Evolutionary Heritage—A Polyvagal Theory," 
Psychophysiology32 (1995): 301-18. 
Fischer, Philip, MD, "Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome 
(POTS)," Mayo Clinic podcast (Apr 23, 2008), http://newsnetwor 
mayoclinic.org/discussion/postural-orthostatic-tachycardia 
-syndrome-pots-24cc80/. 
P. J. Carek, S.E. Laibstain, and M. Carek, "Exercise for the Treatment 
of Depression and Anxiety," The International Journal of Psychiatry in 
Medicine 41, no. 1 (2011): 15-28. 
For a list of health issues that can develop, at least in part, from a dys-
functional ventral branch of the vagus nerve, see the table at the begin-
ning of Part One listing the "Heads of the Hydra?' 
Stephen W. Porges, "Neuroception: A Subconscious System for 
Detecting Threats and Safety," Zero to Three 24, no. 5 (May 2004): 
19-24. 
Ben Hogan, Five Lessor's: The Modem Fundamentals of Golf (New York 
Simon and Schuster, 1957). 
Vasilios Papaioannou, loannis Pneumatikos, and Nikos Maglaveras, 
"Association of Heart Rate Variability and Inflammatory Response 
in Patients with Cardiovascular Diseases: Current Strengths and 
Limitations:" P 
osomatic  
 ne 67, suppl. 1 (2005): 529—S33. 
B. Pomeranz,  
 acauley,  
Caudill, I. Kutz, D. Adam, and D. 
Gordon, "Assessment of Autonomic Function in Humans by Heart 
Rate Spectral Analysis," American Journal of Physiology 248 (1985): 
H151-H153. 
U. I. Zulficiar, D. A. Jurivich, W. Gao, and D. H. Singer, "Relation of 
High Heart Rate Variability to Healthy Longevity," American Journal of 
Cardiology 105, no. 8 (Apr 15, 2010): 1181—85, doi: 10.1016/j.amj 
-card.2009.12.022 (epub Feb 20, 2010), erratum 106, no. I (Jul 1, 
2010): 142. 
223 
EFTA00810225
--- PAGE 260 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
P. Jonsson, "Respiratory Sinus Arrhythmia as a Function of 
State Anxiety in Healthy Individuals," International Journal of 
Psychophysiology63 (2007): 48-54. 
P. Nickel and F. Nachreiner, "Sensitivity and Diagnosticity of the 0.I - 
Hz Component of Heart Rate Variability as an Indicator of Mental 
Workload;' Human Factors 45, no. 4 (2003): 575-90. 
J. F. Brosschot, E. Van Dijk, andlErhayer,"Daily Worry is Related 
to Low Heart Rate Variability During Waking and the Subsequent 
Nocturnal Sleep Periar International Journal of Psychophysiology 63 
(2007): 39-47. 
A. J. Camm, M. Malik, J. T. Bigger, G. Breithardt, S. Cerutti, R. J. Cohen, 
P. Coumel, E .L. Fallen, H. L. Kennedy, 
Kleiger, F. Lombardi, A. 
Malliani, A. J. Moss, J. N. Rottman, G. Schmidt, P. J. Schwartz, and D. 
H. Singer (Task Force of the European Society of Cardiology and the 
North American Society of Electrophysiology), "Heart Rate Variability: 
Standards of Measurement, Physiological Interpretation, and Clinical 
Use," Circulation 93 (1996): 1043-65. 
Arpi Minassian, PhD, Mark A. Geyer, PhD, Dewleen G. Baker, MD, 
Caroline M. Nievergelt, PhD, Daniel T. O'Connor, MD, Victoria B. 
Risbrough, PhD, and the Marine Resiliency Study Team, "Heart Rate 
Variability in a Large Group of Active-Duty Marines and Relationship 
to Posttraumatic Stress," Psychosomatic Medicine 76, no. 4 (May 2014): 
292-301. 
Vasilios Papaioannou, loannis Pneumatikos, and Nikos Maglaveras, 
"Association of Heart Rate Variability and Inflammatory Response 
in Patients with Cardiovascular Diseases: Current Strengths and 
Limitations:" Psychosomatic Medicine 67, suppl. 1 (2005): S29—S33. 
Masari Amano, Tomo !Cando, U.E. Hidetoshi, and Toshio Moriani, 
"Exercise Training and Autonomic Nervous System Activity in Obese 
Individuals," Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise 33 (2001): 
1287-91. 
Amelia M. Stanton, Tierney A. Lorenz, Carey S. Pulverman, and Cindy 
M. Meston,"Heart Rate Variability: A Risk Factor for Female Sexual 
Dysfunction," Applied Psychophysiology and Biofeedback 40 (2015): 
229-37. 
224 
EFTA00810226
--- PAGE 261 ---
Notes 
Ji Yong Lee, Kwan-Joong Joo, Jin Tae Kim, Sung Tae Cho, Dae Sung 
Cho, Yong-Yeun Won, and Jong Bo Choi,"Heart Rate Variability in 
Men with Erectile Dysfunction," International Neurourology Journal 15, 
no. 2 (Jun 2011): 87-91. 
Jacqueline M. Dekker, PhD, Richard S. Crow, MD, Aaron R. Folsom, 
MD, MPH, Peter J. Hannan, MStat, Duanping Liao, MD, PhD, Cees A. 
Swenne, PhD, and Evert G. Schouten, MD, PhD, "Clinical Investigation 
and Reports: Low Heart Rate Variability in a 2-Minute Rhythm Strip 
Predicts Risk of Coronary Heart Disease and Mortality from Several 
Causes: The ARIC Study," Circulation 102 (2000): 1239-1244. 
Robert M. Carney, Kenneth E. Freedland, and Richard C. Veith, 
"Depression, the Autonomic Nervous System, and Coronary Heart 
Disease," Psychosomatic Medicine 67 (May—Jun 2005): S29—S33. Studies 
of medically well, depressed psychiatric patients have found elevated 
levels of plasma catecholamines and other markers of altered ANS 
function compared with controls. Studies of depressed patients with 
coronary heart disease (CHD) have also uncovered evidence of ANS 
dysfunction, including elevated heart rate, low heart rate variability, 
exaggerated heart rate responses to physical stressors, high variability 
in ventricular repolarization, and low baroreceptor sensitivity. All these 
indicators of ANS dysfunction have been associated with increased 
risks of mortality and cardiac morbidity in patients with CHD. 
M. Malik, P. Barthel, R. Schneider, K. Ulm, and G. Schmidt, "Heart-
rate Turbulence after Ventricular Premature Beats as a Predictor of 
Mortality after Acute Myocardial Infarction," The Lancet 353, no. 9162 
r 24, 1999): 1390-96. 
epartment of Health and Human Services, National Center for 
Health Statistics,"Health, United States 2015: Special Feature on Racial 
and Ethnic Health Disparities" (accessed June 2016), www.cdc.gov 
/nchs/hus/. 
A. B. Kulur, N. Haleagrahara, P. Adhikary, and R S. Jeganathan, "Effect 
of Diaphragmatic Breathing on Heart Rate Variability in lschemic 
Heart Disease with Diabetes:' Arquivos Brasilieros Cardiologia 92, no. 6 
(Jun 2009): 423-29, 440-47, 457-63. 
225 
EFTA00810227
--- PAGE 262 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Peter Levine is a leading shock and trauma therapist. He uses verbal 
techniques, combined with a close observation of the client in terms 
of subtle changes in their autonomic nervous system, as the client 
regresses to the time of a traumatic event. He wrote Waking the Tiger 
(Berkeley: North Atlantic Books, 1997). Since then, his teaching has 
grown into a form called Somatic Experiencing. 
Stephen Porges developed, patented, and marketed a vagal-tone 
monitor to measure HRV through a small company called Delta-
Biometrics, Inc. That company no longer exists; however, there are now 
many vagal-tone measuring devices manufactured by other companies. 
James Oschman, PhD is a research scientist and author of the bestselling 
book Energy Medicine (London: Churchill Livingstone, 2000). 
The Listening Project Protocol is now available through Integrated 
Listening Systems as the "Safe and Sounds Protocol: A Portal to Social 
Engagement," 
John T. Cottingham, Stephen W. Porges, and Todd Lyon, "Effects of 
Soft Tissue Mobilization (Rol ling Pelvic Lift) on Parasympathetic Tone 
in Two Age Groups," Physical Therapy 68, no. 3 (Mar 1988): 352-56. 
D. Buskila and H. Cohen,"Comorbidity of Fibromyalgia and 
Psychiatric Disorders," Current Pain and Headache Reports 11, no. 5 
(Oct 2007): 333-38. 
P. Schweinhardt, K. M. Sauro, and M. C. Bushnell, "Fibromyalgia: a dis-
order of the brain?" Neuroscientist 14, no. 5 (2008): 415-21. 
A systematic review of antidepressant efficacy failed to demonstrate 
superior effectiveness compared to psychotherapy, alternative therapy 
such as exercise, acupuncture, and relaxation, or active intervention 
controls such as sham acupuncture or therapies not specific to depres-
sion. Arif Khan, Charles Faucett, P. Lichtenberg, I. A. Kirsch, and W.A. 
Brown, "A Systematic Review of Comparative Efficacy of Treatments 
and Controls for Depression:' PLOS (Jul 30, 2012), http://dx.doi 
.org/10.1371/joumalpone.0041778. 
My primary biomechanical craniosacral teacher is Main Gehin, the 
French osteopath who wrote The Atlas of Manipulative Techniques for 
the Cranium and the Face. (See note 5 above.) 
226 
EFTA00810228
--- PAGE 263 ---
Notes 
Monica J. Fletcher, Jane Upton, Judith Taylor-Fishwick, Sonia A. Buist, 
Christine Jenkins, John Hutton, Neil Barnes, Thys Van Der Molen, 
John W. Walsh, Paul Jones, and Samantha Walker, "COPD Uncovered: 
An International Survey on the Impact of Chronic Obstructive 
Pulmonary Disease [COPD[ on a Working-Age Population:' BMC 
Public Health Journal 11, no. 612 (2011), www.biomedcentral 
.com/1471-2458/11/612#B1, doi :10.1186/1471-2458-11-612. 
The 10 Leading Causes of Death in the World, 2000 and 2012, World 
Health Organization Fact Sheet No. 310 (Geneva, Switzerland: World 
Health Organization, 2013). 
Robert I. Miller and Sterling K. Clarren, "Long-Term Developmental 
Outcomes in Patients with Deformational Plagiocephaly," Pediatrics 
105, no. 2 (Feb 2000): e26. 
David G. Simons, MD, Janet G. Travel', MD, and Lois S. Simons, PT, 
Myofascial Pain and Dysfunction: The Trigger Point Manual, 6i° ed., vol. 
(London: Churchill Livingstone, 2008). 
Ida P. Rolf, PhD, Rolfing: Reestablishing the Natural Alignment and 
Structural Integration of the Human Body for Vitality and Well-Being, 
rev. ed. (Rochester, VT: Healing Arts Press, 1989). 
John T. C.ottingham, Stephen W. Porges, and Todd Lyon, "Effects of 
Soft Tissue Mobilization (Rolfing Pelvic Lift) on Parasympathetic Tone 
in Two Age Groups," Physical Therapy 68, no. 3 (Mar 1988): 352-56. 
Their experiment is discussed in detail in Chapter 4. 
C. C. Lunardi, F. A. Marques da Silva, Rodrigues Mendes, Marques A. 
P. Stelmach, and Fernandes Carvalho,"Is there an Association Between 
Postural Balance and Pulmonary Function in Adults with Asthma?" 
Clinics 68, no. 11 (Sao Paulo, Brazil: Department of Physical Therapy, 
School of Medicine, University of Sao Paulo, Nov 2013). 
D. M. Kado, M. H. Huang, H. S. Karlamangla, E Barrett-Connor, and 
G.A. Greendale, "Hyperkyphotic Posture Predicts Mortality in Older 
Community-Dwelling Men and Women: A Prospective Study," Journal 
of the American Geriatric Society 52, no. 10 (Oct 2004): 1662-67. 
Mayo Clink Newsletter (Nov 3, 2000). 
227 
EFTA00810229
--- PAGE 264 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Alf Breig, Adverse Mechanical Tension in the Central Nervous System: An 
Analysis of Cause and Effect: Relief by Functional Neurosurgery (Stock-
holm: Almqvist 8c Wiksell International, 1978). 
Roger W. Sperry, "Roger Sperry's Brain Research," Bulletin of The 
Theosophy Science Study Group 26, no. 3-4 (1988): 27-28. Also see 
Sperry's review of The Formation of Nerve Connections by R. M. Gaze 
in Quarterly Review of  Biology 46 (Jun 1971): 198. 
A. I. Kapandji, The Physiology of the Joints, 6th ed., vol. 3 (London: 
Churchill Livingstone, 2008). 
T. A. Smitherman, R. Burch, H. Sheikh, and E. Loder, "The Prevalence, 
Impact, and Treatment of Migraine and Severe Headaches in the 
United States: A Review of Statistics from National Surveillance Stud-
ies," Headache 53, no. 3 (Mar 7,2013): 427-36. 
L. D. Goldberg, "The Cost of Migraine and its Treatment," American 
Journal of Managed Care 11, no. 2 suppL (Jun 2005): S62-67. 
David G. Simons, MD, Janet G. Travel', MD, and Lois S. Simons, PT, 
Myofascial Pain and Dysfunction: The Trigger Point Manual, 0 ed., vol. 
(London: Churchill Livingstone, 2008). 
M. S. Robbins and R. B. Lipton, "The Epidemiology of Primary Head-
ache Disorders," Seminal Neurology 30 (Apr 2010): 107-19. 
Jes Olesen, Headaches, 3rd ed. (Philadelphia: Lippincott, Williams 8c 
Wilkins, 2006), 246-47. 
R. C. Kessler, W. T. Chiu, O. Demler, K. R. Merikangas, and E. E. Wal-
ters, "Prevalence, Severity, and Comorbidity of 12-Month DSM-IV 
Disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication," Archives of 
General Psychiatry 62, no. 6 (Jun 2005): 617-27. 
Phil Barker, Psychiatric and Mental Health Nursing: The Craft of Caring 
(London: Arnold, 2003). 
Michael Passer, Ronald Smith, Nigel Holt, Andy Bremner, Ed 
Sutherland, and Michael Vliek, Psychology (UK: McGrath Hill Higher 
Education, 2009). 
The National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey (Atlanta, GA: 
National Center for Injury Prevention and Control, Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention, 2017), www.cdc.goviviolenceprevention/nisys/. 
228 
EFTA00810230
--- PAGE 265 ---
Notes 
M. J. Breiding, J. Chen, and M. C. Black, Intimate Partner Violence 
in the United States-2010 (Atlanta, GA: National Center for Injury 
Prevention and Control, Centers for Disease Control and Preven-
tion, 2014), www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/pdf/cdc_nisys_ipv  
report_2013_v17_single_a.pdf. 
T. Frodi, E Meisenzahl, T. Zetsche, R. Bottlender, C. Born, C. Groll, 
M. Jager, G. Leinsinger, K. Hahn, and H.J. Moller,"Enlargement of 
the Amygdala in Patients with a First Episode of Major Depression:' 
Biological Psychiatry 51, no. 9 (May 1, 2002): 708-14. 
Bruce S. McEwen, "LI Stress Induced, Hippocampal, Amygdala 
and Prefrontal Cortez Plasticity and Mood Disorders," Behavioral 
Pharmacology 15, no. 5-6 (2001): Al. 
There was no published report from this treatment project. This sum-
mary is condensed from personal conversations with psychologist 
Marc Levin over several years. 
Thomas Insel,"Antidepressants: A Complicated Picture," The National 
Institute of Mental Health Directors Blog (Dec 6, 2011), www.nimh.nih 
.gov/aboutIdirectors/thomas-inseUblog/2011/antidepressants-a 
-complicated-picture.shtml. 
Peter Wehrwein, "Astounding Increase in Antidepressant Use by Amer-
icans," Harvard Health Blog (Oct 20, 2011), www.health 
.harvard.edu/bloglastounding-increase-in-antidepressant-use-by 
-americans-201110203624. 
Andreas Vilhelmsson, "Depression and Antidepressants: A Nordic 
Perspective Frontiers in Public Health 1, no. 30 (Aug 26, 2013), doi: 
10.3389/fpubh.2013.00030. 
Craig W. Lindsley, ed., "2013 Statistics for Global Prescription 
Medications," ACS Chemical Neuroscience 5, no. 4 (Apr 16, 2014): 250-
251, www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/artides/PMC3990946/, doi: 10.1021 
/cn500063v. 
Jay C. Fournier, MA, Robert J. DeRubeis, PhD, Steven D. Hollon, PhD, 
Sona Dimidjian, PhD, Jay D. Amsterdam, MD, Richard C. Shelton, MD, 
and Jan Fawcett, MD, "Antidepressant Drug Effects and Depression 
Severity: A Patient-Level Meta-analysis," Journal of the American 
Medical Association 303 (2010): 47-53. 
229 
EFTA00810231
--- PAGE 266 ---
ACCESSING THE HEALING POWER OF THE VAGUS NERVE 
Mark Olfson, MD and Steven C. Marcus, PhD, "National Patterns in 
Antidepressant Medication Treatment," Archives of Genera! Psychiatry 
66, no. 8 (2009): 848-856, doi: 10.1001/archgenpsychiatry.2009.81. 
IL C. Kessler, R A. Berglund, O. Demler, R. Jin, K. IL Merikangas, and 
E.E. Walters, "Lifetime Prevalence and Age-of-Onset Distributions 
of DSM-IV Disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replica-
tion," Archives of General Psychiatry 62, no. 6 (Jun 2005): 593-602. 
See Chapter 5, "Relieving COPD and Hiatal Hernia;' for more about 
hiatal hernias and their treatment. 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, "Prevalence of Autism 
Spectrum Disorder Among Children Aged 8 Years—Autism and 
Developmental Disabilities Monitoring Network," Surveillance 
Summaries (Mar 28, 2010): 1-21. 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Autism and 
Developmental Disabilities Monitoring Network Surveillance Year 
2010 Principal Investigators, Jon Baio, EdS, corresponding author, 
"Prevalence of Autism Spectrum Disorder among Children Aged 8 
Years—Autism and Developmental Disabilities Monitoring Network, 
Sites, United States, 2010," Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report 
63, no. SS02 (Mar 28, 2014): 1-21. 
Ariane V. Buescher, MSc; Zuleyha Cidav, PhD, Martin Knapp, PhD, 
and David S. Mandell, ScD, "Costs of Autism Spectrum Disorders in 
the United Kingdom and the United States," Journal of the American 
Medical Association Pediatrics 168, no. 8 (Aug 2014): 721-28. 
Tara A. Lavelle, PhD, Milton C. Weinstein, PhD, Joseph P Newhouse, 
PhD, Kerim Munir, MD, MPH, DSc, Karen A. Kuhlthau, PhD, and Lisa 
A. Prosser, PhD, "Economic Burden of Childhood Autism Spectrum 
Disorders," Pediatrics 133, no. 3 (Mar 1, 2014): e520-29. 
Nicole Ostrow, "Autism Costs More Than 2 Million Dollars over 
Patient's Lifetime:' Bloomberg Business (Jun 10, 2014), 
-than-2-million-over-patient-s-life. 
Also see Erik Borg and S. Allen Counter, "The Middle-Ear Muscles," 
Scientific American 261, no. 2 (Aug 1989): 74—80. 
230 
EFTA00810232
--- PAGE 267 ---
Notes 
The listening project protocol is now available through Integrated 
Listening Systems as the "Safe and Sounds Protocol: A Portal to Social 
Engagement," 
Porges, S. W., Macellaio, M., Stanfill, S. D., McCue, K., Lewis, G. F., 
Harden, E. IL, and Heilman, K. J.,"Respiratory Sinus Arrhythmia and 
Auditory Processing in Autism: Modifiable Deficits of an Integrated 
Social Engagement System?" International Journal of Psychophysiol-
ogy 88, no. 3 (2013): 261-270. 
Stephen W. Porges, Olga V. Bazhenova, Elgiz Bal, Nancy Carlson, 
Yevgeniya Sorokin, Keri J. Heilman, Edwin H. Cook, and Gregory F. 
Lewis, "Reducing Auditory Hypersensitivities in Autism Spectrum 
Disorder: Preliminary Findings Evaluating the Listening Project 
Protocol," Frontiers in Pediatrics 2, no. 80 (Aug 1, 2014), doi: 10.3389/ 
fped.2014.00080. 
This is based on conversations with Stephen and his lab assistant, who 
tested the function of my stapedius musde on two different visits. 
See also Erik Borg and S. Allen Counter, "The Middle-Ear Muscles," 
Scientific American 261, no. 2 (Aug 1989): 74-80. 
IL I. Miller and S. K. Clarren,"Long-Term Developmental Outcomes in 
Patients with Deformational Plagiocephaly," Pediatrics 105, no. 2 (Feb 
2000), http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/105/2/e26.short. 
Thomas W. Myers, Anatomy Trains: Myofascial Meridians for Manual 
and Movement Therapists, 3rd ed. (London: Churchill Livingstone, 
2014). 
J. Douglas Bremner, MD,"Neuroimaging Studies in Post-Traumatic 
Stress Disorder," Current Psychiatry Reports 4 (2002): 254-63. 
231 
EFTA00810233
--- PAGE 268 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00810234
--- PAGE 269 ---
INDEX 
233 
EFTA00810235
--- PAGE 270 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00810236
--- PAGE 271 ---
ABOUT THE AUTHOR 
Stanley Rosenberg is an American-born author and body therapist. A 
Rolfer since 1983 and,practicing craniosacral therapist since 1987. He 
studied biomechanical craniosacral therapy for many years under Main 
Gehin, trained in craniosacral therapy at the Upledger Institute and in 
biodynamic craniosacral courses with Giorgia Milne, studied applica-
tions for treating children with Benjamin Shield, and took courses in 
osteopathy with Jean-Pierre Barral. 
For many years he led a school in Denmark, teaching structural 
integration, myofascial release, release of scar tissue, biomechanical 
craniosacral therapy, visceral massage, and biotensegrity. He is the 
author of four books, published in Denmark: Nevermore Pain in the 
Back, Nevermore Stiff Neck, Pain Relief with Osteomassage, and Hwa 
Yu Tai Chi. In addition to his work as a body therapist, he has worked 
in theater— training actors in yoga, acrobatics, and voice—at various 
institutions, including Yale University, Brandeis University, Swarthmore 
College, and the National Theatre Schools of Denmark and Iceland. More 
information about the techniques presented in this book can be found 
on his website. 
EFTA00810237
--- PAGE 272 ---
I 
I 
EFTA00810238

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810239.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00810239
--- PAGE 2 ---
Valar Ventures 
Formed in 2010 
Spun out of Thiel Capital in 2013 
Based in New York City 
Raising Fund 4, targeting $100M-$150M 
Anticipated closing December 2017 
EFTA00810240
--- PAGE 3 ---
We invest in high margin, fast 
growing technology companies 
that are pursuing huge market 
opportunities. 
VALAR 
EFTA00810241
--- PAGE 4 ---
Stage 
We lead Series A and Series B 
investments (valuations between 
$20M - $100M). 
We keep significant reserves to 
follow-on in our best companies. 
Sector 
We focus on high-margin businesses 
operating in massive addressable 
markets. 
Examples: Fintech, Software, 
Marketplaces 
Geography 
The majority of our companies are 
based in the United States and Europe. 
Q 0 Q 
Cost basis by stage: 
• 
Series A 
• 
Series B 
• 
Seed 
• 
Later follow-ons 
Cost basis by sector: 
• 
Fintech 
• 
Software 
• 
Marketplaces 
• 
Other 
Cost basis by geography: 
• 
US & Canada 
• 
Europe 
• 
Australia/New Zealand 
• 
Other 
VALAR 
EFTA00810242
--- PAGE 5 ---
Results 
Fund 
Inception 
Capital 
Commitments 
Current 
FMV 
Gross/Net 
Multiples 
Gross/Net 
IRRs 
DPI 
% of Fund 
Invested/ 
Reserved 
Fund 1 
Oct 2010 
$100.0M 
$411.8M 
4.3x/ 3.4x 
43.7% / 36.3% 
1.2x 
100% 
Fund 2 
Jan 2015 
$102.3M 
$139.5M 
1.6x / 1.3x 
36.2% / 27.9% 
N/A 
100% 
Fund 3 
Jul 2016 
$103.9M 
$94.8M 
1.4x / 1.3x 
208.5% / 146.8% 
N/A 
90% 
As used throughout this presentation, "Fund I" refers to all funds and investment vehicles managed by Valar Ventures Management LLC prior to the formation of Valar Global Fund 2, on an aggregate 
basis. "Fund 2" refers to Valar Global Fund 2 LP and Valar Global Principals Fund 2 LP, on an aggregate basis, and "Fund 3" refers to Valar Global Fund 3 LP and Valar Global Principals Fund 3 LP, on 
an aggregate basis. All figures presented are unaudited estimates in USD as of 6/30/2017, including signed deals that are expected to close in Q3. Gross figures do not include the impact of fees, expenses 
and carry, and net figures are calculated by reducing gross investment profits by a flat 25% for hypothetical management fees, expenses, and carry. 
VALAR 
EFTA00810243
--- PAGE 6 ---
Why is 
our strategy 
working? 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810244
--- PAGE 7 ---
Portfolio 
Construction 
EFTA00810245
--- PAGE 8 ---
We've kept 
our funds small. 
The first funds raised by Union Square 
Ventures, Founders Fund, FirstMark, IA 
Ventures and Foundry Group had average 
capital commitments of $129M. These 
funds were among the best performing 
early-stage funds of the last decade. 
$250,000,000 
$187,500,000 
$125,000,000 
$62,500,000 
$o 
$ 100M 
Fund 1 
(October 2010) 
$102M 
Fund 2 
(January 2015) 
$104M 
Fund 3 
(July 2016) 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810246
--- PAGE 9 ---
We believe in 
concentration. 
Only 6-8 core investments in each fund, 
with 50%+ of each fund invested in the 
best 2-3 companies. 
$125,000,000 
$93,750,000 
$62,500,000 
$31,250,000 
The 2 best performing 
companies in Fund 1 
received 54% of the 
Fund's capital. 
The 3 best performing 
companies in Fund 2 
received 52% of the 
Fund's capital. 
major investments in 
Fund 3 have received 
42% of the Fund's 
capital commitments, 
with 25% still reserved 
for follow-ons. 
STASH 
1gOctane 
Fund 1 
Fund 2 
Fund 3 
VALAR 
EFTA00810247
--- PAGE 10 ---
We follow-on heavily in our winners. 
$500,000,000 
$375,000,000 
$250,000,000 
$125,000,000 
$o 
Fund 1 
I 
(
separate investments into 
companies account for 
99% of Fund l's current 
profits. 
• 
Transferwise 
• 
Xero 
O
Other Investments 
Cost Basis 
Current FMV 
• 
Fees/Expenses 
$160,000,000 
$120,000,000 
$80,000,000 
$40,000,000 
Fund 2 
$O
Cost Basis 
Current FMV 
separate investments into 
companies account for 92% 
of Fund 2's current profits. 
• 
Breather 
• 
N26 
O 
Kalo 
O
Other Investments 
• 
Fees/Expenses 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810248
--- PAGE 11 ---
High Concentration + Aggressive Follow-Ons + Small Funds = 
Any single company can return a fund multiple times over. 
Fund 1 
7TransferWise 
Fund 2 
©breather 
N 2 6 
kalo 
Fund 3 
STASH 
Octane 
x qonto 
Fund 
Ownership 
Required Exit 
Valuation to 
Return the Fund 
Current 
Valuation 
Current Contribution 
to Fund Multiple 
6.7% 
$1.5B 
$2.0B 
1.3x 
15.2% 
$651M 
$1.7B 
2.6x 
16.8% 
$609M 
$252M 
0.4x 
13.5% 
$758M 
$302M 
0.4x 
23.5% 
$435M 
$70M 
0.2x 
18.4% 
$565M 
$253M 
0.4x 
16.2% 
$642M 
$83M 
0.1x 
22.2% 
$468M 
$48M 
0.1x 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810249
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00810250
--- PAGE 13 ---
Sources of Deal Flow: 
VALAR / THIEL NETWORK 
"TransferWise 
STASH 
kalo 
Octane 
CO :'A 
Pre-
Investment: 
LOCAL FUNDS 
x qonto 
granify 
EyeEm 
Our network and brand generate 
high quality Deal Flow and Access. 
IN-HOUSE RESEARCH 
 to 
® breather 
N26 
Jetty 
VALAR 
VALAR 
EFTA00810251
--- PAGE 14 ---
Post-
Investment: 
Our network and brand help provide 
a Bridge to Growth Capital. 
Sources of Deal Flow: 
\ \EAR 
NETWORK 
"TransferWise 
STASH 
kalo 
Octane 
CO'fik 
LOCAL FUNDS 
qonto 
granify 
EyeEm 
IN-11OLSE RESEARC11 
®breather 
N26 
Jetty 
VALAR 
Follow-On Investors: 
qTransferWise 
• 
N26 
al6z 
IVP 
Accel 
Matrix Capital 
(f)breather 
STASH 
Horizons 
Battery 
Menlo 
Google Ventures 
kalo 
Coatue 
Jim Breyer 
SciFi VC 
(Max Levchin) 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810252
--- PAGE 15 ---
Investment 
Discipline 
VL AP 
EFTA00810253
--- PAGE 16 ---
Strict Investment Discipline 
All investments must pass 3 key tests: 
TEST 1 
Team 
TEST 2 
Total 
Addressable 
Market 
(TAM) 
TEST 3 
Traction 
Most investment opportunities fail the TAM test 
VALAR 
EFTA00810254
--- PAGE 17 ---
"IVIAVERICK" 
EFTA00810255
--- PAGE 18 ---
Great tech companies are 
being started in lots of 
lUir-'114ft
places. 
Our New York base allows us to: 
• Avoid Silicon Valley bias 
• Identify and work with companies anywhere —
from SF to Berlin — at a much earlier stage 
than Bay Area firms. 
• Compare opportunities across geographies. 
We are only looking for global winners but we 
don't presume they will all be in California. 
EFTA00810256
--- PAGE 19 ---
, 
VALAR 
EFTA00810257
--- PAGE 20 ---
We operate like a 
highly-focused 
"Special Ops" team, 
purpose-built to 
outflank other VCs 
Our team is deliberately small: Andrew and 
James are the Investment Committee and meet 
the companies together. There are no "Monday 
morning meetings" or partner politics. We can 
make decisions in real time. We also sit on the 
boards together, eliminating horse trading over 
remaining reserves in follow-on rounds. 
RESULT: We are solely returns focused and can 
move faster than anyone else in the business. 
EFTA00810258
--- PAGE 21 ---
Founding 
Partners 
James Fitzgerald 
Skadden, Clarium, Thiel Capital 
Andrew McCormack 
Yahoo!, PayPal, Clarium, Thiel Capital 
EFTA00810259
--- PAGE 22 ---
Fund 4 Terms 
Raising: $100M-$150M 
Management Fee: 2.5%/year (subject to step-down) 
Carry: 20% scaling to 25%/30% at 3x/6x net to investors 
Fund Life: 10 years 
Investment Period: 5 years 
Minimum Investor Commitment: $5M 
Due Date for Executed Sub Docs: Dec. 2017 (Jan. 2018 vintage fund) 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810260
--- PAGE 23 ---
Appendix 
o o 10 ompanies 
EFTA00810261
--- PAGE 24 ---
Xero is a leading cloud-based 
accounting software provider 
with over 1 million SMB 
customers across the globe. 
Xero is listed on both the NZX 
and ASX under the ticker 
symbol XRO. 
Headquarters: 
Auckland 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$31.4M 
Current FMV: 
$124.3 
Gross Multiple: 
4.0x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
October 2010 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$98.8M 
Company Valuation at Time of Exit: 
$2.0B 
Other Key Investors: 
Accel, Matrix Capital, Fidelity, Blackstone, TCV 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810262
--- PAGE 25 ---
/7TransferWise 
TransferWise is a peer-to-peer 
currency exchange service that 
brings institutional pricing to 
retail customers by coordinating 
transfer needs within countries. 
Headquarters: 
London 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$22.2M 
Current FMV: 
$252.7M 
Gross Multiple: 
11.4x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
January 2013 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$20M 
Current Company Valuation: 
$1.7B 
Other Key Investors: 
IA Ventures, Andreessen-Horowitz, IVP 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810263
--- PAGE 26 ---
*breather 
Breather operates a network of 
private, professional meeting 
rooms designed for work, 
meetings and to focus. 
Headquarters: 
New York City & Montreal 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$25.5M 
Current FMV: 
$42.3M 
Gross Multiple: 
1.7x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
September 2015 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$80.0M 
Current Company Valuation: 
$252.1M 
Other Key Investors: 
RRE, Menlo Ventures, Google Ventures 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810264
--- PAGE 27 ---
N26 
N26 is a new European bank 
focused on building an 
innovative mobile-first banking 
experience. 
Headquarters: 
Berlin 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$14.9M 
Current FMV: 
$40.6M 
Gross Multiple: 
2.7x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
April 2015 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
€38M 
Current Company Valuation: 
€265M 
Other Key Investors 
Earlybird, Horizons Ventures, Battery Ventures 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810265
--- PAGE 28 ---
kalo 
Businesses increasingly rely on 
external workforces of 
freelancers and contractors, 
often without an effective way 
to keep track of them. Kalo 
(formerly Lystable) provides an 
elegant platform to simplify 
every step of these workers —
from onboarding to internal 
reviews to payment. 
Headquarters: 
London & San Francisco 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$12.4M 
Current FMV: 
$16.5 
Gross Multiple: 
1.3x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
May 2015 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$7.5M 
Current Company Valuation: 
$70M 
Other Key Investors: 
Kindred, Goldcrest, SciFi VC (Max Levchin) 
VALAR 
EFTA00810266
--- PAGE 29 ---
EyeEm 
EyeEm is a marketplace for 
commercial photography. The 
company's highly engaged user 
base and machine-curated 
image library provide a more 
valuable sourcing channel for 
commercial clients than 
traditional stock photography 
databases. 
Headquarters: 
Berlin 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$10.4M 
Current FMV: 
$11.1M (change due to FX) 
Gross Multiple: 
1.1x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
April 2015 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
€44.0M 
Current Company Valuation: 
€55.8M 
Other Key Investors: 
Earlybird Capital, Wellington Partners 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810267
--- PAGE 30 ---
Even 
Even is a financial app that 
ensures hourly workers always 
get at least their average pay. 
By offering consistency, Even 
helps its customers save more 
and avoid expensive payday 
lenders. 
Headquarters: 
Oakland 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$4.5M 
Current FMV: 
$4.5M 
Gross Multiple: 
1.0x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
March 2016 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$28M 
Current Company Valuation: 
$37M 
Other Key Investors: 
Khosla Ventures, BoxGroup, Allen & Company 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810268
--- PAGE 31 ---
granify 
Granify maximizes revenue for 
online retailers by identifying 
shoppers that aren't going to 
buy and changing their mind
while they're still on the site
by harnessing the power of real-
time data analytics and machine 
learning. 
Headquarters: 
Edmonton & Austin 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$7.5M 
Current FMV: 
$8.7M 
Gross Multiple: 
1.2x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
May 2015 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$5M 
Current Company Valuation: 
$32M 
Other Key Investors: 
iNovia Capital, BDC 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810269
--- PAGE 32 ---
TRADE IT 
TM
Tradelt facilitates quick and 
secure online stock trading 
through any website or app. 
Headquarters: 
New York City 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$3.7M 
Current FMV: 
$4.6M 
Gross Multiple: 
1.2x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
April 2015 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$3.2M 
Current Company Valuation: 
$23M 
Other Key Investors: 
Citi Ventures, Sandy Robertson, Point72 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810270
--- PAGE 33 ---
homie 
Homie is a peer-to-peer 
marketplace that is 
disintermediating the real estate 
brokerage commission model. 
By leveraging technology and 
taking the transaction process 
online, Homie makes FSBO a 
real option for sellers and saves 
home buyers thousands of 
dollars. 
Headquarters: 
Salt Lake City 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$2.8M 
Current FMV: 
$2.8M 
Gross Multiple: 
1.0x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
March 2016 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$15.9M 
Current Company Valuation: 
$18.5M 
Other Key Investors: 
Peak Ventures, Kleiner Perkins 
VALAR 
EFTA00810271
--- PAGE 34 ---
STASH 
Stash is a community for people 
who want to start investing and 
who don't want to rely on a 
black box service to do it for 
them. Starting with as little as 
$5, Stash investors build a 
portfolio of investments that 
aligns with their interests, 
beliefs and goals. 
Headquarters: 
New York City 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$22.1M 
Current FMV: 
$48.3M 
Gross Multiple: 
2.2x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
January 2016 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$12.0M 
Current Company Valuation: 
$252.6M 
Other Key Investors: 
Coatue Management, Goodwater, Jim Breyer 
EFTA00810272
--- PAGE 35 ---
Octane 
Octane Lending is a technology-
enabled lender focused on 
secured consumer lending 
markets starting with 
powersports. 
Headquarters: 
New York City 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$13.2M 
Current FMV: 
$13.5M 
Gross Multiple: 
1.0x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
April 2017 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$68.0M 
Current Company Valuation: 
$83.1M 
Other Key Investors: 
IA Ventures, Contour Ventures, Third Prime Capital 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810273
--- PAGE 36 ---
x qonto 
Qonto is a next generation bank 
for entrepreneurs, SMEs and 
startups, providing an online 
service that allows businesses to 
create an account in less than 
five minutes. 
Headquarters: 
Paris 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$8.4M 
Current FMV: 
$10.6M 
Gross Multiple: 
1.3x 
Date of Initial Investment: 
September 2016 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
€5.3M 
Current Company Valuation: 
€41.7M 
Other Key Investors: 
Alven Capital 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810274
--- PAGE 37 ---
Jetty 
Jetty is a new kind of insurance 
company designed to help 
people in cities reach their goals 
faster by removing obstacles 
and risks. Its mission is to 
protect its customers against 
setbacks of all kinds, from fire 
and theft to wasted time and 
money. 
Headquarters: 
New York City 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$8.1M 
Current FMV: 
$8.1M 
Gross Multiple: 
1.0x 
Dat of Initial Investment 
July 2017 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
$3 1 .0M 
Current Company Valuation: 
$42.5M 
Other Key Investors: 
Ribbit Capital, BoxGroup, SV Angel 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810275
--- PAGE 38 ---
CO%:°A 
Coya is a full-stack European 
insurance challenger that will 
offer scalable protection at the 
point of need, with personalized 
predictive risk management and 
simple, transparent insurance 
designed to manage life's risks. 
Headquarters: 
Berlin 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$6.3M 
Current FMV: 
$6.3M 
Gross Multiple: 
1.0x 
Dat of Initial Investment: 
July 2017 
Pre-Money Valuation at Initial Investment: 
€19.8M 
Current Company Valuation: 
€27M 
Other Key Investors: 
E.ventures 
VALAR 
EFTA00810276
--- PAGE 39 ---
sIsiCpuy up-rnollod 
t 
s e 
EFTA00810277
--- PAGE 40 ---
Over 60% of Fund l's profits 
from Xero were attributable to 
Valar's follow-on investments. 
75,000,000 
60,000,000 
45,000,000 
30,000,000 
15,000,000 
Xero ($99 pre-) 
Xero ($212M pre-) 
Xero ($529M pre-) 
Xero ($1.8B pre-) 
■ Valar Cost Basis 
■ Valar Current FMV 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810278
--- PAGE 41 ---
(f)breather 
Over 40% of Valar's profits 
from Breather are expected to 
come from our follow-on 
investments in the Company. 
30,000,000 
24,000,000 
18,000,000 
12,000,000 
6,000,000 
Breather (Series B) 
,ft 
 d 
Breather (Series B-2) 
Breather (Series C) 
■ Valar Cost Basis 
■ Valar Current FMV 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810279
--- PAGE 42 ---
N26 
And nearly 40% of Valar's 
profits on N26 will also be 
attributable to follow-on 
investments. 
37,500,000 
30,000,000 
22,500,000 
15,000,000 
7,500,000 
N26 (Series A) 
N26 (Series B) 
N26 (Series B-2) 
■ Valar Cost Basis 
■ Valar Current FMV 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810280
--- PAGE 43 ---
STASH 
37% of Valar's profits from 
Stash are attributable to our 
second investment in the 
company and 57% from Valar's 
third investment. 
37,500,000 
30,000,000 
22,500,000 
15,000,000 
7,500,000 
= 
Stash (Seed) ■ 
Stash (Series A) 
Stash (Series B) 
Stash (Series C) 
■ Valar Cost Basis 
■ Valar Current FMV 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810281
--- PAGE 44 ---
kalo 
90% of our profits from Kalo 
will be attributable to our third 
and fourth investments into the 
company. 
12,500,000 
10,000,000 
7,500,000 
5,000,000 
2,500,000 
Kalo (Seed) 
Kalo (Seed Extension) 
Kalo (Series A) 
Kalo (A-2) 
■ Valar Cost Basis 
■ Valar Current FMV 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810282
--- PAGE 45 ---
'7 TransferWise 
Finally, while only 24% of our 
current Transferwise profits are 
attributable to follow-on 
investments in the company, 
those additional investments are 
expected to add at least a full lx 
to Fund l's returns. 
225,000,000 
180,000,000 
135,000,000 
90,000,000 
45,000,000 
■ 
p 
Transferwise (Series A) 
AmE_J 
Transferwise (Series B) 
Transferwise (Series C) 
■ Valar Cost Basis 
■ Valar Current FMV 
VALAR 
I 
EFTA00810283
--- PAGE 46 ---
Disclaimers 
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL. The information in this 
presentation may not be copied, reproduced, or redistributed without the 
express written permission of Valar Ventures LLC (the "Sponsor"). This 
presentation is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or 
entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use is 
contrary to local law or regulation. Nothing in this presentation should 
be construed as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities and may not be relied upon in connection with the purchase or 
sale of any security. This presentation is not intended to provide, and 
should not be relied upon for, legal, tax, regulatory, investment financial, 
or accounting advice or investment recommendation. 
Statements contained herein are made as of June 30, 2017 unless 
otherwise noted, and are subject to change without notice. The 
valuations forecasts, estimates, opinions, and projections contained 
herein involve elements of subjective judgment and analysis. There can 
be no assurance that assumption made in connection with such 
valuations, forecasts, estimates, opinions, and projections will prove 
accurate. These materials may contain forward-looking statements that 
are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. The Sponsor undertakes no 
obligation to update these forward-looking statements for events or 
circumstances that occur subsequent to such dates or to update or keep 
current any of the information contained herein. Certain information and 
data contained herein are based on sources the Sponsor believes to be 
reliable, but such information has not been independently verified. 
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON FOR MAKING 
AN 
INVESTMENT 
DECISION. 
ANY 
INVESTMENT 
IN 
A 
PROGRAM OFFERED BY THE SPONSOR OR ITS AFFILIATES 
WILL BE HIGHLY SPECULATIVE AND THERE CAN BE NO 
ASSURANCE 
THAT 
SUCH 
PROGRAM'S 
INVESTMENT 
OBJECTIVE WILL BE ACHIEVED. INVESTORS MUST BE 
PREPARED TO BEAR THE RISK OF A TOTAL LOSS OF THEIR 
INVESTMENT. 
ADDITIONAL DISCLAIMER FOR THOSE WHO WILL RECEIVE 
OR ACCESS THIS DOCUMENT IN THE UNITED KINGDOM: This 
document is directed solely at, and made only to, persons that we believe 
are: (a) "investment professionals" (as that term is used in and by article 
19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotions) Order 2005 (the "Order"); and (b) "high 
orth 
companies"; "high net worth unincorporated associations 
igh net 
worth partnerships" or the "trustees of high value trusts" (toge 
"high 
net worth companies etc.") (as each of these terms is us 
and by 
article 49(2) the Order). There are in place proper 
ms and 
procedures to prevent any other recipient from enga 
in the 
investment activities to which this document relates wi 
directing the communication of this document, a close relativ 
member of the same group. This document is not a prospectus. 
It has not therefore been: (a) prepared in accordance with the 
requirements of Part VII of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, and the Handbook of rules and guidance maintained by the 
Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"); and/or (b) submitted to, or 
shared or registered with, the FCA. Consequently, interests in the funds 
described in this document may not be ordered or sold to the public in 
the United Kingdom; and no application can or will be made for interests 
in the fund to be admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating in the United Kingdom, or any other country. 
For investment professionals: 
ument is directed at persons 
having professional expert nee in matters relating to investments; and 
any investment or investment activity to which it relates is available only 
to such persons, and will be engaged in only with such persons. Persons 
who do not have professional experience in matters relating to 
investments should not rely on this document. 
For high net worth companies: This document is directed at high net 
worth companies, and the controlled investments and controlled 
activities to which it r 
tes are available only to such persons. 
4a 
VALAR 
-16 
EFTA00810284

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810285.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
M18 
For calendar year 2018, a tax year 
beginning  
along 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
► See back of form and separate Instructions. 
■ 
Part III 
El 
Amended K-1 
651118 
OMB No. 1545.0123 
Partner's Share of Current Year Income, 
Deductions. Credits and Other items 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
Credits 
Net rental real estate income (ass) 
Other net rental mono (loss) 
Foreign transactions 
Part I 
Information About the Partnership 
A 
Partnership's employer identification number 
Guaranteed payments 
B 
Partneshp's name. address. dry. state. and 2IP code 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II 
LP 
915 BROADWAY, SUITE 1101 
NEW YORK, NY 
10010 
C 
IRS Center where partnership Ned return 
EFI LE 
O 
1-
Check if this Is a publicly traded pannershp (PTP) 
Interest income 
4,431. 
Sa 
Ordinary divdends 
6b 
Qualified dividends 
6c 
Dividend equivalents 
Royalties 
Part II 
Information About the Partner 
S 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
E 
Partners identifying number 
F 
Partners name, address. ply. state. and 2IP code 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
G 
Lj 
General partner or LLC 
member-manager 
• 
Domestic partner 
It 
What type of entity is the partner? 
If this partner is a retirement plan (IRASEPiKeogIVetc.). check here 
Partners share of profit loss. and capital (see instructions): 
Beginning 
Ening 
Profs 
21.050907 
% 
21.052781 
Loss 
21.050907 
21.052781 
Capital 
21.030678 
21.050678 
usi Umited partner«. other LLC 
member 
Foreign partner 
S CORPORATION 
K 
Partners snare of liabilities: 
Beginning 
Non recourse 
e
numailipmeg nonrecourses
Recourse  
$ 
$
$ 
Ending 
o 
9a 
* 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
-1,434,504.
9b 
Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
Nieman* minimum UM (AMT) Items 
9c 
Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Tax-exempt Income and 
nondeductible expenses 
Other income (loss) 
Distributions 
Section 179 deduction 
Other deductions 
W* 
STMT 
A 
B 
Selt'employment earnings (loss) 
L 
Partners capital account analysis: 
Beginning capital account  
13,194,855. 
Capital contributed during the year   $  
300,000 . 
Current year increase (decrease) 
$  
—1, 844, 658. 
Withdrawals 8 distributions . . .   $ ( 
Ending tetanal account  
11,650,197. 
Tax basis K GAAP 
DI Section 700(0) book 
Other (explain) 
IA 
Did the partner contnbute property with a built-in gain or loss? 
EN. 
Eyes 
Other information 
431. 
414,585.
'See attached statement for additional information. 
For IRS Use Only 
If "Yes.' attach statement (see instructions) 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions for Form 1065. 
SA 
$P1200 1.000 
4638KC 
700W 
wvntir .gov/Formt065 
Schedule K-1 (Form 10602018 
EFTA00810285
--- PAGE 2 ---
Schedule K. (Form 1065) 2018 
PARTNER # 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Page 2 
This list Identifies the codes used on Schedule K-1 for all partners and provides summarized reporting information for partners who file Form 1000. 
For detailed reporting and filing Information, see the separate Partners Instructions for Schedule K-1 and the Instructions for your Income tax return. 
1. Ordinary business Income (loss). Determine witether the income (loss) is 
Cado 
Report on 
passive or nonpassive and enter on your return as lams. 
J Work opportunity credit 
Report on 
K Disabled access credit 
Passive loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
Passive income 
Schedule E. Me 28. column (h) 
Nonpassive loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
L Empowerment zone 
employment credit 
IA Credit la increasing research activities 
See the Partners Instructions 
Nonpassrve income 
Schedule E. Me 28. column (k) 
2. Net rental real estate Income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
N Credit la employer social 
secunty and Medicare taxes 
3. Other net rental Income (loss) 
O Backup withhdding 
Net income 
Schedule E. Me 28. column (h) 
Net loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
P Other crews 
16. Foreign transactions 
0. Guaranteed payments 
Schedule E. Me 28. column (k) 
5. Interest Income 
Form 1040. Ine2b 
A Name of country or U.S. 
possession 
Form 1116. Pan I 
6a. Ordinary dividends 
Form 1040. Ine3b 
B Gross income from all sources 
6b. Oualifled dividends 
Form 1040. line 3a 
C Gross Income sourced al puma lapel 
6c. Dividend equivalents 
See the Partners Instructions 
Foreign gross income sourced et peRnersh0 level 
7. Royalties 
Schedule E. line 4 
O Section 951A category 
8. Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 5 
E Foreign branch category 
Form 1116. Pan I 
9a. Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 12 
F Passive category 
9b. Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
28% RateGan Worksheet. line 4 
O General category 
(Schedule D instructions) 
H Other 
9c. Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
See the Partners Instructions 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
10. Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
I 
Interest expense 
Form 1116. Pan I 
11. Other Income (loss) 
J Other 
Form 1116. Pat I 
Code 
Deductions allocated and apportioned et partnersh#3 level to foreign source 
income 
A Other portfolio income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Involuntary conversions 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Sec. 1256 contracts 8 straddles 
Form 6781. line 1 
K Section 951A category 
L Foreign branch category 
O Mining exploration costs recapture 
See Pit 535 
PA PassMs category 
Form 1116. Pat I 
E Cancellation ol debt 
Schedule 1 (Form 1000). line 21 or 
N General category 
Form 982 
O Other 
F Section 951A income 
Other in f oation 
O Section 965(a) leCluSKal 
P Total foreign taxes paid 
Form 1116. Pan II 
H Subpart F income ether than 
See the Partners Instructions 
Total foreign taxes accrued 
Form 1116. Pan II 
sections 951A and 965 inclusion 
R Reduction in taxes available for craft 
Form 1116. line 12 
I Other ncome (less) 
S Foreign trading gross receipts 
Form 8873 
12. Section 179 deduction 
See the Partner's Instructions 
T Extraterritorial ncome exclusion 
Form 8873 
13. Other deductions 
U Section 951A(c)(1)(A) tested income 
A Cash contnbutions (60%) 
B Cash contnbutions (30%) 
V Tested foreign income tax 
See the Partners Instrucbons 
W Section 965 information 
C Noncash contnbutions (50%) 
X Other foreign transactions 
Noncash contnbutions (30%) 
See the Partners 
17. Alternative minimum tax (AMT) hems 
E Capital gain property to a 50% 
Instructions 
A Post-1986 deprecation adjustment 
organization (30%) 
Adjusted gain or loss 
See the Partners 
F Capital gain property (20%) 
C Depletion (other than oil 8 gas) 
Instructions and 
Contributions (100%) 
D Oct. gas. 8 geothermal gross income 
the Instructions tar 
H Investment Interest expense 
Form 4952. line 
E Oil. gas. 8 geothermal - deductions 
Form 6251 
I Deductions royally income 
Schedule E. line 19 
F Other AMT tams 
J Section 59(0(2) expenditures 
See the Partners Instructions 
18. Tax-exempt Income and nondeductible e pauses 
K Excess business nterest expense 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Tax-exempt interest income 
Form 1040. Me 2a 
L Deductions portfolio (other) 
Schedule A. Me 16 
B Other tax-exempt ncome 
See the Partners Instrucbons 
IA Amounts paid to medical insurance 
Schedule A. line 1 or Schedule 
C Nondeductible expenses 
See the Partners Instrucbons 
(Form 1040). Ire 29 
19. Distributions 
N Educational assistance benefits 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Cash and marketable securities 
O Dependent care benefits 
Form 2441. line 12 
B Distribution subject to section 737 
See the Partner's Instructions 
P Preproductive period expenses 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Other property 
Commercial revitalization deduction 
20. Other Information 
from rental real estate ettnnies 
See Form 8582 instructions 
A Investment income 
Form 4952. Me 0a 
R Pensions and IRAs 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Investment expenses 
Form 4952. Me 5 
S Reforestation expense deduction 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Fuel tax credit information 
Form 4136 
T through V 
Reserved for future use 
D Qualified rehabilitation expenditures 
See the Partners Instructions 
W Other deductions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
(other than rental real estate) 
X Section 965(c) deduction 
E Basis ol energy property 
See the Partners Instructions 
10. Sell-employment earnings (loss) 
F Recapture of low-income housing 
Form 8611. Me 8 
credit (section 420)(5)) 
Note: If you have a section 179 deduction or any partner-level deductions. see the 
Recapture of low-income housing 
Form 8611. Me 8 
Partners Instructions before completing Schedule SE. 
credit (other) 
A Net earrings (loss) from 
H Recapture of investment credit 
See Form 4255 
sell-employment 
Schedule SE. Seaton A or B 
I Recapture of other creeks 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Gross farming or fishing income 
See the Partners Instructions 
J Look-track interest completed 
See Form 8697 
C Gross non-farm income 
See the Partners Instructions 
long-term contracts 
15. Credits 
A Low-income housing credit (section 
K Look-back interest - Income forecast 
See Form 8866 
method 
420)(5)) from pre-2008 buildings 
B Low-income housing credit 
(other) from pre-2008 buildings 
L Dispositions of property with 
section 179 deductions 
PA 
Recapture of section 179 deduction 
C Low-Income housing credit (section 
N Interest expense for corporate 
partners 
020)(6)) from post-2007 buildings 
O Low-Income housing credit (other) 
from post-2007 butdngs 
E Qualified rehabilitation 
expenditures (rental real estate) 
See the Partners Instructions 
through Y 
Section 199A income 
AA Section 199A W-2 wages 
AB Section 199A unadanted basis 
AC Section 199A REIT dividends 
See the Partners 
Instructions 
F Other rental real estate cream 
AD Section 199A PTP income 
O Other rental credits 
PE Excess taxable income 
H Undistnbuted capital gains credit 
Schedule 5 (Form 1040), line 74. box a 
AF Excess business interest income 
I Biofuel producer credit 
See the Partners Instructions 
JSA 
8PI303 1.000 
AO Gross receipts for section 59A(e) 
AH Other information 
4638KC 700W 
EFTA00810286
--- PAGE 3 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER # 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
ITEM L - CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS 
300,000. 
TOTAL CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
300,000. 
LINE 9 - NET LONG-TERM CAPITAL GAIN(LOSS) 
LINE 9B 
28% GAIN(LOSS) 
LINE 9A 
TOTAL 
FROM PORTFOLIO ACTIVITIES 
-1,434,504. 
TOTAL NET LONG-TERM CAPITAL GAIN(LOSS) 
-1,434,504. 
LINE 13 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
W OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS INCLUDED IN ITEM L, CURRENT YEAR INCREASE (DECREASE) 
MANAGEMENT FEES 
367,717. 
PORTFOLIO DEDUCTIONS - OTHER 
46,868. 
TOTAL BOX W 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES ASSOCIATED W/SCH. K-1, LINE 20 
INFORMATION FOR FORM 8886, REPORTABLE TRANSACTION 
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT: 
IN THE NORMAL COURSE OF INVESTMENT ACTIVITY, THE 
PARTNERSHIP SOLD ITS INVESTMENT IN OPPA, LTD A 
IRC SECTION 165 LOSS. PARTNERSHIPS ARE REQUIRED TO 
FILE FORM 8886, REPORTABLE TRANSACTION DISCLOSURE 
STATEMENT, IN TRANSACTIONS WHICH IRC SECTION 165 
LOSSES EXCEED $2 MILLION. ALTHOUGH THE PARTNERSHIP 
DID NOT MEET THIS THRESHOLD, AS DEFINED IN 
TREAS. REG. SECTION 1.6011-4(B)(5) (I) (C), WE ARE 
PROVIDING YOUR ALLOCABLE SHARE OF THIS IRC SECTION 
165 LOSS. YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL LOSS ALLOCATED 
FROM RELATED VALAR ENTITIES AS PART OF THE SAME 
TRANSACTION. PER TREAS. REG. SECTION 1.6011-4(B) 
(5)(I)(A)-(D), PARTNERS OTHER THAN CORPORATIONS 
GENERALLY ARE REQUIRED TO FILE FORM 8886, 
REPORTABLE TRANSACTION DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, FOR 
ANY IRC SECTION 165 LOSS OF AT LEAST $2 MILLION IN 
ANY SINGLE TAXABLE YEAR. PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX 
ADVISIOR IN DETERMINING WHETHER YOU ARE REQUIRED 
TO FILE FORM 8886. INFORMATION FOR FORM 8886 IS 
AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. 
YOUR ALLOCABLE SHARE OF THE ABOVE IRC SECTION 165 
LOSS FROM THE PARTNERSHIP IS: 
414,585. 
-403,870. 
SP9OCO 1.000 
4638KC 700W 
STATEMENT 1 
EFTA00810287
--- PAGE 4 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER II 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES 
LINE 13W-OTHER DEDUCTIONS: 
THESE EXPENSES ARE PORTFOLIO DEDUCTIONS FORMERLY REPORTED ON BOX 13K 
AS 2% PORTFOLIO DEDUCTIONS THAT ARE NON-DEDUCTIBLE FOR CERTAIN 
TAXPAYERS, INCLUDING INDIVIDUALS, AND WOULD REDUCE YOUR TAX BASIS IN 
THE PARTNERSHIP. PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR. 
ITEM L: 
YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE YOUR TAX BASIS IN 
YOUR PARTNERSHIP INTEREST. YOU SHOULD DETERMINE WHETHER LOSSES OR 
EXPENSES APPEARING ON YOUR K-1 ARE SUBJECT TO SUSPENSION AND WHETHER 
THERE ARE OTHER LIMITATIONS OR ISSUES THAT MAY ARISE BY VIRTUE OF 
YOUR TAX BASIS IN YOUR PARTNERSHIP INTEREST OR FOR OTHER REASONS. 
CAPITAL ACCOUNT RECONCILIATION: 
THE PARTNERSHIP MAINTAINS CAPITAL ACCOUNT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 
704(B) AND REPORTS THESE BALANCES ON SCHEDULE K-1. FOR FINANCIAL 
PURPOSES, THE PARTNERSHIP MAINTAINS CAPITAL ACCOUNTS IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (GAAP). 
UBTI FOOTNOTE: 
TAX-EXEMPT PARTNERS ARE ADVISED THAT THE PARTNERSHIP IS NOT REPORTING 
UNRELATED BUSINESS TAXABLE INCOME ("UBTI") DURING THE 2018 TAXABLE 
YEAR BASED ON INFORMATION AVAILABLE TO THE PARTNERSHIP. 
EFFECTIVELY CONNECTED INCOME (ECI): 
THE PARTNERSHIP IS NOT REPORTING EFFECTIVELY CONNECTED INCOME ("ECI") 
DURING THE 2018 TAXABLE YEAR BASED ON INFORMATION AVAILABLE TO THE 
PARTNERSHIP. 
ITEM J: 
PARTNER PERCENTAGES REFLECTED IN ITEM J ARE CALCULATED PURSUANT TO 
IRS INSTRUCTIONS, AND MAY VARY FROM PERCENTAGES UNDER THE PARTNERSHIP 
AGREEMENT. 
SECTION 199A AND SECTION 163(J): 
THIS PARTNERSHIP IS NOT ENGAGED IN A TRADE OR BUSINESS AS DEFINED 
UNDER I.R.C. SEC. 162. ADDITIONALLY, THIS PARTNERSHIP IS NOT INVESTED 
IN A FLOW-THROUGH ENTITY WITH ITEMS NECESSARY FOR ITS PARTNER'S 
CALCULATION OF EITHER SEC. 199A OR SEC. 163(J). THEREFORE, SEC. 199A 
IS NOT APPLICABLE. THE PARTNERSHIP DOES NOT HAVE ANY INTEREST EXPENSE 
ALLOCABLE TO A TRADE OR BUSINESS, THUS IT IS NOT SUBJECT TO INTEREST 
EXPENSE LIMITATIONS UNDERS SEC. 163(J). PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX 
ADVISOR. 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 2 
$P9003 1.003 
4638KC 700W 
EFTA00810288
--- PAGE 5 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER II 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES (CONT'D) 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
FORM 8621 INFORMATION 
IF APPLICABLE, VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP HAS MADE TIMELY QUALIFIED 
ELECTING FUND ("QEF") ELECTION(S) WITH RESPECT TO ITS INVESTMENTS IN 
UNDERLYING PASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COMPANIES ("PFIC"), EFFECTIVE 
FOR EACH YEAR OF OWNERSHIP, AND HAS FILED THE REQUIRED FORMS 8621 FOR 
ALL YEARS OF OWNERSHIP. 
THE DIRECT US SHAREHOLDER THAT HAS MADE A QEF ELECTION FOR A PFIC IS 
REQUIRED TO INCLUDE INCOME CURRENTLY UNDER IRC SECTION 1293, AND TO 
FILE FORM 8621. AS A PARTNER THAT HAS INVESTED IN A US PARTNERSHIP 
THAT HAS MADE THE QEF ELECTION AND FILED FORM 8621 (IF APPLICABLE), 
YOUR ALLOCABLE SHARE OF THIS INCOME IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE FURTHER 
REPORTED ON AN ADDITIONAL FORM 8621. THE SERVICE HAS REVISED THE 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR FORM 8621 TO FORMALLY CLARIFY THAT NO ADDITIONAL 
FORM 8621 REPORTING IS NECESSARY UNDER THESE FACTS. PLEASE CONSULT 
YOUR TAX ADVISOR. 
DETRUN 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
FORM 8938 INFORMATION 
IN 2018, INDIVIDUALS AND CERTAIN DOMESTIC ENTITIES ARE REQUIRED TO 
REPORT THEIR DIRECT OR INDIRECT INVESTMENTS ON FORM 8938 IF A CERTAIN 
THRESHOLD IS MET. IF YOUR INTERESTS IN THE BELOW FOREIGN ENTITIES ARE 
ONLY THROUGH YOUR OWNERSHIP IN VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP, YOU DO NOT 
NEED TO INCLUDE THESE ENTITIES ON FORM 8938. HOWEVER, IF YOU HAVE ANY 
OTHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT INVESTMENTS IN THE FOREIGN ENTITIES NOTED 
BELOW, PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE YOUR FILING 
REQUIREMENTS. THE VALUE PROVIDED REPRESENTS THE VALUE OF THE ASSETS 
HELD BY VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP. YOU MUST DETERMINE YOUR PRO RATA 
SHARE ACCORDINGLY. 
BREATHER PRODUCTS INC. 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
STOCK 
FEIN: 
FOREIGNUS 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
NO 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
NO 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: $28,746,321 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
CORPORATION 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
5605 AVENUE DE GASPE, 
SUITE 610 
MONTREAL, QC, H2T 2A4 
CANADA 
EDEN, LTD. (AKA DINDA) 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
PARTNERSHIP INTEREST 
FEIN: 
FOREIGNUS 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
NO 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 3 
IIP9OCO 1.000 
4638KC 700W 
EFTA00810289
--- PAGE 6 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER II 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES (CONT'D) 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
EDEN, LTD. (AKA DINDA) 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
EYE EM LIMITED 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
GRANIFY INC. 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
GRANIFY INC. 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
NO 
$704,361 
PARTNERSHIP 
C/O CAMPBELL CORPORATE 
SVC LTD 
SCOTIA CENTRE, P.O. BOX 268 
GRAND CAYMAN CJ KY1-1104 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
CONVERTIBLE NOTE 
FOREIGNUS 
NO 
NO 
$195,103 
PARTNERSHIP 
C/O CAMPBELL CORPORATE 
SVC LTD 
SCOTIA CENTRE, P.O. BOX 268 
GRAND CAYMAN CJ KY1-1104 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
STOCK 
FOREIGNUS 
NO 
YES 4/9/2018 
$173,819 
CORPORATION 
GREAT HAMPTON STREET, 
BIRMINGHAM, B18 6EW UK 
STOCK 
FOREIGNUS 
NO 
NO 
$3,782,163 
CORPORATION 
10130-103 ST NW, 
SUITE 2100, 
EDMONTON, ALBERTA, 
T5J 3N9 CANADA 
CONVERTIBLE NOTE 
FOREIGNUS 
NO 
NO 
$489,600 
CORPORATION 
10130-103 ST NW, 
SUITE 2100, 
EDMONTON, ALBERTA, 
9P9000 1.000 
4638KC 700W 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 4 
EFTA00810290
--- PAGE 7 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER II 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES (CONT'D) 
N26 GMBH 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
OPPA, LTD. 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
OPPA, LTD. 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
VEND LIMITED 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
DEPOSIT SOLUTIONS GMBH 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
T5J 3N9 CANADA 
STOCK 
FOREIGNUS 
NO 
NO 
$165,487,274 
CORPORATION 
KLOSTERSTRABE 62 
10179 BERLIN, 
GERMANY 
PARTNERSHIP INTEREST 
98-1022690 
NO 
YES 2/8/2018 
$3 
PARTNERSHIP 
C/O CAMPBELL CORPORATE 
SVC LTD 
SCOTIA CENTRE, P.O. BOX 268 
GRAND CAYMAN CJ KY1-1104 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
CONVERTIBLE NOTE 
98-1022690 
NO 
YES 2/8/2018 
$1 
PARTNERSHIP 
C/O CAMPBELL CORPORATE 
SVC LTD 
SCOTIA CENTRE, P.O. BOX 268 
GRAND CAYMAN CJ KY1-1104 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
STOCK 
FOREIGNUS 
NO 
NO 
$1,702,344 
CORPORATION 
NUFFIELD ST 
NEWMARKET, 
AUCKLAND 1023 
NEW ZEALAND 
STOCK 
FOREIGNUS 
SP9003 1.000 
4638KC 700W 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 5 
EFTA00810291
--- PAGE 8 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER 11 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES (CONT'D) 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
NO 
YES 10/3/2018 
$3,416,589 
CORPORATION 
ZIRKUSWEG 1, 
20359 HAMBURG, 
GERMANY 
FORM 5471 INFORMATION 
DURING 2018, VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP ("THE FUND") INDIRECTLY DISPOSED 
OF STOCK IN A CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATION ("CFC") AND CEASED TO BE 
A 10% U.S. SHAREHOLDER. 
THE FUND WILL FILE FORM 5471 "INFORMATION RETURN OF U.S. PERSONS WITH 
RESPECT TO CERTAIN FOREIGN CORPORATIONS" TO FULFILL ITS FILING 
RESPONSIBILITY. 
PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE YOUR FILING REQUIREMENT 
WITH REGARD TO THIS FOREIGN CORPORATION. A COPY OF EACH FILING IS 
AVAILABLE UPON YOUR REQUEST. 
FOREIGN CORPORATION 
MAILING ADDRESS 
OPPA DESIGN LTDA. 
RUA ASPICUELTA, 
153-PINHEIROS 
SAO PAULO, SP 05433-010 
BRAZIL 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP'S INTEREST 
BEGINNING 
ENDING 
25.307% 
0.000% 
FORM 5471 INFORMATION 
DURING 2018, VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP ("THE FUND") WAS A 10% US 
SHAREHOLDER OF A FOREIGN CORPORATION, BREATHER PRODUCTS INC. 
AS A RESULT OF TAX LAW CHANGES BROUGHT ABOUT BY THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS 
ACT OF 2017, CERTAIN FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES OF BREATHER PRODUCTS INC. 
("THE ENTITIES") MAY POTENTIALLY BE CONSIDERED TO BE CONTROLLED 
FOREIGN CORPORATIONS ("CFCS"), RESULTING IN A 5471 FILING 
REQUIREMENT. IF APPLICABLE, THE FUND WILL FILE FORM 5471 "INFORMATION 
RETURN OF U.S. PERSONS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN FOREIGN CORPORATIONS" 
TO FULFILL ITS FILING RESPONSIBILITY. 
HOWEVER, BASED ON AVAILABLE INFORMATION AS OF THE DATE OF THIS K-1, 
THE FUND IS NOT ABLE TO MAKE A DEFINITIVE DETERMINATION AS TO WHETHER 
OR NOT THE ENTITIES HAVE CFC STATUS. 
PLEASE CONTACT THE FUND IF YOU BELIEVE THAT A 5471 FILING REQUIREMENT 
MAY APPLY TO YOU IF THE ENTITIES ARE CONSIDERED TO BE CFCS. 
sP9000 1.000 
4638KC 700W 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 6 
EFTA00810292
--- PAGE 9 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER # 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES (CONT'D) 
FOREIGN CORPORATION 
MAILING ADDRESS 
BREATHER PRODUCTS UK LIMITED 
HILL HOUSE, 1 LITTLE NEW STREET 
LONDON, UK EC4A 3TR 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP'S INTEREST: 
BEGINNING 
12.8295% 
899003 I 003 
4638KC 700W 
STATEMENT 7 
EFTA00810293
--- PAGE 10 ---
NEW 
YORK 
STATE 
2018 
Department of Taxalion and Finance 
New York Corporate Partner's 
Schedule K-1 
Tax Lay/ - Article 9-A 
For calendar year 2018 or tax year beginning 
181 and ending 
IT-204-CP 
Final K-1 
Amended K-1 
Partners: Before completing your franchise tax return, see Form IT-204-CP-I. Partner's Instructions for Form IT-204-CP (available al wmv.tax.ny.gov). 
Partnership's Information 
Partnership's name (as shown on Form IT-204) 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP 
A Mark an X in the box if either applies to your entity 
El Publicly traded partnership 
Partnership's EIN 
a Portfolio investment partnership 
B Tax shelter registration number, if any 
Partner's Information (see instructions) 
Partner's name 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Partners address 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
City 
ST. THOMAS 
C 
D 
The 
is a 
X 
Q 
Gene 
LLC 
Limited partner or other LLC member 
partner 
fiWkail 
OMB vows* boil 
al partner or 
member-manager 
What is the New York tax filing status of the partner? Mark an X in the appropriate box. It known ) 
C corporation 
S corporation 
Partnership 
E If the partner is a disregarded entity, enter the EIN of the entity reporting the income of 
the partner (it known)  
F Did the partner sell its entire interest during the tax year? 
F Yes O
No El 
O Partner's share of profit, loss, and capital 
BeglnNng 
Ending 
1) Profit 
G1 
210509 % 
21.0527 % 
2) Loss  
G2 
21.0509 % 
21.0527 % 
3) Capital 
G3 
21.0306 % 
21.0506 cleg 
H Partner's share of liabilities at the end of the year 
1) Nonrecourse  
H1 
2) Qualified nonrecourse financing  
H2 
3) Recourse  
H3 
State 
VI 
ZIP code 
00802 
Partners EIN 
I 
Partner's capital account analysis 
1) Beginning capital account  
 It 
2) Capital contributed during the year - cash 
3) Capital contributed during the year - property 
4) Current year increase (decrease) 
5) Withdrawals and distributions - cash 
6) Withdrawals and distributions - property 
7) Ending capital account  
8) Method of accounting (mark an X in the appropriate box) 
El Tax basis 
El 
GAAP El Book 
El Other (subnul explanation) 
117001183065 
13194855 
300000 
-1844658 
11650197 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
4638KC 700W 
EFTA00810294
--- PAGE 11 ---
8Q35020 
Page 2 of 11 IT-204-CP (2018) 
100502 1.000 
J Was Form CT-2658-E filed with the partnership?  
J Yes K 
No 
K NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (from Form CT-2658) 
Date 
Amount 
1) First installment 
K1 
2) Second installment  
K2 
3) Third installment  
K3 
4) Fourth installment  
K4 
Total NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (add Ones K1 through K4)  
L Was the partnership required to report any nonqualified deferred compensation, as required by 
IRC § 457A, on its 2018 federal return? (see instructions)  
L Yes K 
Not  X
Partner's share of entire net income (ENI) information when the corporate partner's New York tax filing 
status is a C corporation 
ENI addition modifications 
Total additions  
A - Number 
8- Amount 
A- Number 
8- Amount 
la 
EA-
Id a -
lb 
EA - 
le EA - 
lc 
EA - 
If 
EA - 
ENI subtraction modifications 
Total subtractions  
A - Number 
8- Amount 
A- Number 
- Amount 
2a 
ES-
2d ES-
2b 
ES-
2e ES-
2c 
ES-
2f ES-
Partner's proportionate part of assets and liabilities (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Average value 
Total assets 
Real property and marketable securities included on line 3  
Real property and marketable securities at fair market value (NOV)  
Average value of adjusted total assets  
Total liabilities  
Liabilities directly attributable to business capital  
Liabilities directly attributable to investment capital  
117002183065 II 
III 
4638KC 
700W 
EFTA00810295
--- PAGE 12 ---
6°8408030 
IT-204-CP (2018) Page 3 of 11 
Partner's proportionate pad of items related to investment capital under Article 9-A (for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Part 1 - Investment capital that generates income claimed not taxable by New York under the U.S. Constitution 
Description of asset (identity each asset, and enter number of shares (if applicable) and date acquired here: for each asset complete columns 
through G on the corresponding lines below: enter only directly owned assets in items A through F and Total from additional sheet(s)) 
For each item listed, in columns A through G, enter the information for the partnership as a whole. 
Item 
A- Description of asset 
B- Number of shares 
acquired, if appicable 
C- Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold, if applicable 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s)  
Total from partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
Part 2 - Investment capital - stocks actually held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below: enter only directly owned investments in items A through F and Total from additional sheet(s)) 
For each item listed, in columns A through G, enter the information for the partnership as a whole. 
Item 
A- Name/CUSIP/CIN$Aot number 
B- Number of shares 
acquired 
C- Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s)  
Total from partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
003183065 
III IIII III 'l I l 1 
4638KC 
700W 
EFTA00810296
--- PAGE 13 ---
Page 4 of 11 IT-204-CP (2018) 
8Q35040 
8O35Oa 1.000 
Part 3 - Investment capital - stocks presumed held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete columns F 
and G on the corresponding lines below: enter only director owned investments in items A through F and Total from additional sheet(s)) 
For each item listed, in columns A through G, enter the information for the partnership as a whole. 
Item 
A- Name/CUSINCINS/lot number 
B- Number of shares acquired 
C- Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s)  
Total from partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
Part 4 - Total investment capital 
Total average FMV and liabilities directly attributable 
(add lines TO, I I. am:112h columns Fend 0) . . . 
Part 5 - Prior year investment capital - stocks that d d not meet holding period requirement 
Description of investment (identity each investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding tines below: enter only directly owned investments in items A through F and Total from additional sheet(s)) 
For each item listed, in columns A through G, enter the information for the partnership as a whole. 
Item 
A - Name/CUSINCINSnot number 
- Number ol shares acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average FMV 
as previously reported 
G 
Liabili es directly attributable 
as previously reported 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s)  
Total from partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
_i_ 
117004183065 
III III III i 
63 8KC 
700W 
EFTA00810297
--- PAGE 14 ---
sottiaBi5dat50 
IT-204-CP (2018) 
Page 5 of 11 
Part 6 - Prior year gross Investment Income for stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Prior year presumed gross investment income from stocks presumed in the prior year to 
be held more than one year that failed to meet the presumption (see inseuctions) 
Partner's share of items related to investment and other exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Gross exempt cross-article dividends  
Gross exempt controlled foreign corporation (CFC) income 
Gross exempt unitary corporation dividends  
Gross investment income from investments generating income not taxable by New York 
State under the U.S. Constitution  
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks actually held more than one year 
Net capital gains or losses from investment capital from stocks actually held more 
than one year  
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks presumed held more than one year 
Partner's share of items related to interest deductions directly attributable to investment and other 
exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Interest expense per federal Form 1065, line 15 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 16 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 17 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 18 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 19 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 20 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 21 
Interest deductions directly attributable to income reported on line 22 
Interest deductions directly attributable to business capital 
28, 
29, 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to subtraction modification for qualified banks 
Qualified residential loan portfolio assets 
Gross interest income from qualifying loans  
33a Gross interest income from all loans  
33b Gross interest expense from aU loans 
3b
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to manufacturing 
Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing  
34a Receipts received from the generation and distribution of electricity, the distribution of natural 
gas, and the production of steam associated with the generation of electricity 
Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property  
35a Number of employees employed in manufacturing in New York  
117005183065 
34a 
35a
4638KC 
700W 
EFTA00810298
--- PAGE 15 ---
8035060 
Page 6 of 11 IT-204-CP (2018) 
103506 1.000 
Partner's share of New York modifications (for New York S corporate partners only) 
New York State additions 
Number 
A— Total amount 
36a 
EA-
36b 
EA-
36c 
EA-
36d 
EA-
36e 
E A-
36f 
EA - 
Total addition modifications (total of column A. lines 36a through 360 
New York State subtractions 
Number 
A - Total amount 
38a 
E S - 
38b 
E S - 
36c 
E S - 
38d 
E S - 
38e 
E S - 
38f 
E S - 
Total subtraction modifications (total of column A. lines 38a through 380 
Additions to itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
40a 
40b 
40c 
40d 
40e 
40f 
Total additions to itemized deductions (add lines 40a through 400 
Subtractions from itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
42a 
42b 
42c 
42d 
42e 
42f 
Total subtractions from itemized deductions (add lines 42a through 420 
431 
III III 
II 111111 
63 8KC 
700W 
EFTA00810299
--- PAGE 16 ---
8035500 
8O3550 1.000 
IT-204-CP (2018) Page 7 of 11 
Partner's share of income, deductions, etc. (from federal Form 1065, Schedule K-1) 
Partner's distributive share items 
I 
R 
S 
T 
D 
D 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
et rental real estate income (loss)  
Other net rental income (loss)  
uaranteed payments  
merest income 
4431 
Ordinary dividends 
oyalties  
 _50 
et short-term capital gain (loss) 
 _5J 
et long-term capital gain (loss)  
 _52 
-14 34 504 
et section 1231 gain (loss) 
 _53 
Other income (loss) 
Identify: 
action 179 deduction 
 _55 
ther deductions 
414585 
kleolifY: 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
ax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses 
 _57 
istributions - cash and marketable securities  
'stributions - other property 
 _59 
Other items not included above that are required to be reported separately to partners  
-410154 
Identity: 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
Partner's credit Information (see instructions) 
Part 1 - Flow-through credit bases and information 
Brownfield redevelopment tax credit (Form CT611. Form CT-611. , or Form CT-611.2) 
Site preparation credit component  
Tangible property credit component  
On-site groundwater remediation credit component  
A - Fenn CT411 
- Form CT411.1 
C - Form C1411.2 
EZ capital tax credit (Form CT-602) 
Recapture of credit for investments in certified EZ businesses 
Recapture of credit for contributions of money to EZ community development projects  
QEZE tax reduction credit (Form CT-604-CP) 
QEZE employment increase factor 
QEZE zone allocation factor  
OEZE benefit period factor 
Excelsior jobs program tax credit (Form CT-607) 
Excelsior jobs tax credit component 
Excelsior investment tax credit component 
Excelsior research and development tax credit component  
Excelsior real property tax credit component 
117007183065 
III III III i 
638KC 
700W 
EFTA00810300
--- PAGE 17 ---
Page 8 of 11 rT-204-CP (2018) 
8Q35510 
800561 1.000 
Partners credit Information (continued) 
Farmers' school tax credit (Form CT-47) 
Acres of qualified agricultural property  
Acres of qualified conservation property  
Eligible school district property taxes paid  
Acres of qualified agricultural property converted to nonqualified use 
Other flow-through credit bases and Information 
Credit bases 
Code 
Amount 
recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
77a 
77d 
77b 
77e 
77c 
77f 
Credit information 
Code 
Information 
Code 
Information 
sift 
77j 
77k 
771 
Part 2 Flow-th ough credits, addbacks, and 
Flow-through credits 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
78a 
76e 
78b 
78f 
78c 
78g 
78d 
78h 
Addbacks of credits and recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
79a 
79d 
79b 
79e 
79c 
79f 
Part 3 START-UP NY tax elimination credit information (Form CT-638) 
START-UP NY business certificate number (Form DTF-74)  
Year of START-UP NY business tax benefit period 
START-UP NY area allocation factor  
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation D strict (MCTD) Information 
Part 1 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in New York State? (mark an X in the appropriate box) 
Yes K 
No ❑x
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
K 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in the MCTD? (mark an X in the appropriate box) 
Yes K 
No 
Average value of property 
Real estate owned 
Real estate rented  
Inventories owned  
Tangible personal property owned  
Tangible personal property rented 
117008183065 
A- MCTD 
B- New York State 
4638KC 
700W 
EFTA00810301
--- PAGE 18 ---
8Q35520 
BOSSS2 1.000 
IT-204-CP (2018) Page 9 of 11 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
Section 210-A.2 
Sales of tangible personal property  
Sales of electricity  
Net gains from sales of real property 
Section 210-A.3 
Rentals of real and tangible personal property . . .  
Royalties from patents, copyrights, trademarks, and 
similar intangible personal property 
Sales of rights for certain closed-circuit and cable 
TV transmissions of an event  
Section 210-A.4 
Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 
7a Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 
This line intentionally left blank  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(A) 
Interest from loans secured by real property  
Net gains from sales of loans secured by real properly . .   
Interest from loans not secured by real property K 
Net gains from sales of loans not secured by 
real properly K 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(B) K 
Interest from federal debt  
Interest from NYS and Its political subdonstons debt . . . .  15
Net gains from federal. NYS. and NYS polrlical Sub:In/1SiOAS debt .  
Interest from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Net gains from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(C) K 
Interest from asset-backed securities and other 
government agency debt  
Net gains from government agency debt or 
asset-backed securities sold through an exchange . 
Net gains from all other asset-backed securities . . . 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(D) K 
Interest from corporate bonds 
Net gains from corporate bonds sold through 
broker/dealer or licensed exchange 
Net gains from other corporate bonds 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(E) 
Net interest from reverse repurchase and securities 
borrowing agreements  
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
7a 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(F) 
Net interest from federal funds  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(I) K 
Net income from sales of physical commodities . . 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(J) K 
Marked to market net gains  
111009183065 
A 
638KC 
700W 
EFTA00810302
--- PAGE 19 ---
Page 10 of 11 IT-204-CP (2018) 
8Q35530 
BC135S3 1.000 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(H)
210-A.5(a)(2)(G) 
Interest from other financial 
Net gains from othe 
30a Net gains from othe 
(broker/dealer/exchange) 
30b Other income from 
30c Other income from 
(broker/dealer/exchange) 
30d Dividends from stock 
30e Net gains from sales 
30f Net gains from sales 
financial 
financial 
other 
other 
that 
of 
of 
instruments  
instruments  
instruments 
financial instruments. . .  30b 
financial instruments 
is business capital 
stock that is business capital 
partnership interests 
30a 
30c 
30d 
30e 
30f 
Section 210-A.5(b) 
Brokerage commissions 
Margin interest earned on behalf of brokerage accounts 
Fees for advisory services for underwriting 
or management of underwriting  
Receipts from primary spread of selling concessions 
Receipts from account maintenance fees 
Fees for management or advisory services  
Interest from an affiliated corporation 
371 
Section 210-A.5(c) 
Interest, fees, and penalties from credit cards . . .  
Service charges and fees from credit cards 
Receipts from merchant discounts  
Receipts from credit card authorizations and 
settlement processing 
Other credit card processing receipts 
Section 2104.5(d) 
Receipts Irom certain services to Investment companies 
Section 210-A.6 
Receipts from railroad and trucking business 
Section 210-A.6-a 
Receipts from the operation of vessels 
Section 2104.7 
Receipts from air freight forwarding 
Receipts from other aviation services 
Section 2104.8 
Advertising in newspapers or periodicals 
Advertising on television or radio 
Advertising via other means 
Section 210-A.9 
Transportation or transmission of gas through pipes 51 
Section 2104.10 
Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a 
117010183065 
4638KC 
700W 
EFTA00810303
--- PAGE 20 ---
soaN38640
IT-204-CP (2018) 
Page 11 of 11 
Payroll 
A
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Wages and other compensation of employees except general executive officers. . . . 53 
Average number of individuals employed full time in New York State (excluding employees with 
partnership-wide authority)  
Gross proceeds or receipts from certain sales 
(for apportionment purposes) (see instructions) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
c 
Everywhere 
Sales of loans secured by real property 
Sales of loans not secured by real property 
Sales of other asset-backed securities 
Sales of corporate bonds  
Sales of physical commodities 
Marked to market net gain or loss from deemed sales (for apportionment purposes) 
Of loans secured by real property 
Of loans not secured by real property 
Of federal debt instruments 
Of New York State and its political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of other states and their political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of government agency debt or asset-backed securities (through exchange)  
Of all other asset-backed securities  
Of corporate bonds through licensed exchange or broker/dealer 
Of other corporate bonds  
Of physical commodities 
Of other financial instruments of one type  
Items related to repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending agreements 
Value of reverse repurchase agreements when partnership is purchaser/lender 
Value of borrowing agreements when partnership is securities borrower 
Value of repurchase agreements when partnership is seller/borrower  
Value of lending agreements when partnership is securities lender 
Interest income from reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements 
Interest expense from repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements 
4638KC 
700W 
EFTA00810304
--- PAGE 21 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND II LP 
IT 204-CP, PAGE 1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
ITEM I METHOD OF ACCOUNTING : OTHER 
704(B) 
PARTNER'S SHARE OF INCOME, DEDUCTIONS, ETC 
FEDERAL 
LINE 56 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
OTHER DED INCL IN ITEM L, CURRENT YR INCREASE 
414585 
TOTAL OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
414585 
FEDERAL 
LINE 60 - OTHER ITEMS 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
4431 
LESS: INVESTMENT EXPENSE 
414585 
TOTAL OTHER ITEMS 
-410154 
STATEMENT 1 
SXXCG3 1.00) 
4638KC 700W 
EFTA00810305

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810306.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valar Global Fund II LP 
Unaudited Financial Statements 
March 31, 2018 
VALAR 
EFTA00810306
--- PAGE 2 ---
Valar Global Fund II LP 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities, and Partners' Capital 
March 31.2018 
Assets 
Cash 
1,537,573 
Investments, at fair value (cost $59,507,899) 
[06,578,582 
Interest receivable 
75,177 
Total assets 
$ 
108.191.332 
Partners' Capital 
Contributions 
69,179,430 
Syndication costs 
(315,000) 
Net operating loss 
(5,826,623) 
Net realized loss 
(1,917,158) 
Net unrealized gain 
47,070,683 
Total partners capital 
$ 
108,191,332 
EFTA00810307
--- PAGE 3 ---
Valar Global Fund II LP 
Statement of Operations 
January I, 2018 through March 31, 2018 
Income 
Interest income 
19,389 
Expenses 
Net management fees 
421,804 
Professional fees 
71,456 
General and administrative 
9,782
Total expenses 
503,042 
Net operating loss 
Net realized loss 
Net change in unrealized appreciation 
in fair value of investments 
Net increase in partners' capital 
resulting from operations 
(483,653) 
(1,917,158) 
20,058,658 
17.657.847 
EFTA00810308
--- PAGE 4 ---
Valar Global Fund II LP 
Schedule of Investments 
March 31, 2018 
Shares 
Cost 
Fair Value 
Unrealized 
Gain/(Loss) 
1426 GmbH 
Series A Preferred Shares 
5.314 
$ 4,802,996 
$ 33,540,547 
$28,737,551 
Series B Preferred Shares 
2,127 
5,562,347 
13,425,055 
7,862,708 
Breather Products Inc. 
Series B-2 Preferred Shares 
4,175,999 
11,560,000 
22,966,324 
11,406,324 
Series C Preferred Shares 
1,050,985 
5,779,997 
5,779,997 
Kalo Industries Inc. (Ma Lystable Inc.) 
Series A5 Preferred Shares 
1,542,649 
3,399,998 
3,399,998 
Series A4 Preferred Shares 
3,028,446 
4,705,599 
6,674,695 
1,969,096 
Series A3 Preferred Shares 
194,578 
174,634 
428,850 
254,216 
Series A2 Preferred Shares 
319,095 
179,012 
703,285 
524,273 
Granify, Inc. 
Series A-3 Preferred Shares 
1,215,895 
3,782,163 
3,782,163 
Convertible Note 
489,600 
489,600 
Trade It. Inc. (f/1c/a Trading Ticket. Inc.) 
Series Seed-2 Preferred Shares 
896,484 
1,040,818 
1,040,818 
-
Series Seed Preferred Shares 
1,464,255 
1,360,000 
1,700,000 
340,000 
Common Shares 
329,662 
107,780 
382,738 
274,958 
Even Responsible Finance, Inc. 
Series A Preferred Shares 
1,627,564 
3,093,999 
3,093,999 
Deposit Solutions GmbH 
Series B Preferred Shares 
668 
1,153,583 
2,251,932 
1,098,349 
Homie. Inc. 
Series Seed-2 Preferred Shares 
1,569,713 
1,699,999 
1,699,999 
Convertibe Note 
170,000 
170,000 
Common Shares 
212,894 
170,002 
230,564 
60,562 
Vend Limited 
Series D Preferred Shares 
503,288 
1,336,200 
1.477.776 
141,576 
Stash Financial, Inc (Vida Collective Returns. Inc.) 
Series Seed-2 Preferred Shares 
92,270 
169,998 
1.360.925 
1,190,927 
EFTA00810309
--- PAGE 5 ---
Valar Global Fund II LP 
Schedule of Investments 
March 31, 2018 
Shares 
Cost 
Fair Value 
Unrealized 
Gainnoss) 
Eden, Ltd. 
Series I) Preference Shares 
738,246 
$ 
509,980 
$ 
704,361 
$ 
194,381 
Convertible Note 
195,103 
195,103 
IrisVR. Inc. 
Series AA Preferred Shares 
215,942 
170,000 
258,612 
88,612 
Series A Preferred Shares 
129,308 
154,859 
154,859 
Carmen. Inc. 
Series Seed Preferred Shares 
275,660 
170,000 
265,618 
95,618 
Jopwell, Inc. 
Series A-1 Preferred Stock 
170,622 
226,382 
226,382 
Eye Em Limited 
Common Shares 
562,453,356 
7,342,850 
174,382 
(7.168,468) 
Total Investments 
S 59.507.899 
S 106.578.582 
547.070.6S3 
EFTA00810310

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810311.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
Valor Global Fund II LP Capital Call 
October 10. 2017 
Dear Southern Trust Company, Inc., 
Thank you again for your partnership in Valor Global Fund II LP (the Fund). The Fund is calling 
capital from you in the amount of $600,000.00, which represents 4% of your total commitment of 
$15,000,000.00. This capital contribution is due on or before Friday, October 20, 2017. 
After this capital contribution, you will have contributed 95% of your total commitment with a 
remaining 5% of total unfunded commitment, which is detailed below. 
Total Commitment: 
Total Contributions as of October 20, 2017: 
Total Unfunded Commitment: 
$15,000,000.00 
$14,250,000.00 
$750.000.00 
Please wire your funds in accordance with the following instructions: 
Due Date: 
Amount Due: 
Bank Name: 
ABA#: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Friday, October 20. 2017 
$600.000.00 
Silicon Valley Bank 
Valor Global Fund II LP 
If you should have any questions regarding this information, please feel free to contact me at 
Sincerely, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
COO/CFO 
Valor Venlutes LLC 915 Bloodway Suite 1 101 New York, New York 10010 www.volor.com 
EFTA00810311

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810312.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valar Global Fund III LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Financial Statements 
Year Ended December 31, 2018 
The report exemparging these financial statements was imsed by 
BOO USA. LLP. a Delaware limited liability partnership and the U.S. mentor 
of BDO International Linked. a UK company 'anted by "manta.. 
IBDQ 
EFTA00810312
--- PAGE 2 ---
Valar Global Fund III LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Financial Statements 
Year Ended December 31, 2018 
EFTA00810313
--- PAGE 3 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Contents 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Financial Statements 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Partners' Capital 
Schedule of Investments 
- 7 
Statement of Operations 
Statement of Changes in Partners' Capital 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Notes to Financial Statements 
- 20 
EFTA00810314
--- PAGE 4 ---
I BDO 
Independent Auditor's Report 
To the General Partner of 
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
One Bush Street 
Suite 1800 
San Francisco. CA 94104 
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Valar Global Fund III LP (a Delaware Limited 
Partnership), which comprise the statement of assets, liabilities and partners' capital, including the 
schedule of investments, as of December 31, 2018, and the related statements of operations, changes in 
partners' capital, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements. 
The General Partner's Responsibility for the Financial Statements 
The General Partner is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements 
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes 
the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair 
presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error. 
Auditor's Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted 
our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those 
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
financial statements are free from material misstatement. 
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the 
financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making 
those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair 
presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal 
control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of 
accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by the General 
Partner, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the 
financial position of Valar Global Fund III LP as of December 31, 2018, and the results of its operations, its 
changes in partners' capital, and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
USA, LLE 
March 20, 2019 
E00 USA. ILO. a Delaware limited liability partnership. is the U.S. member of EDO International Limited. a Ulf company limited by guarantee. and forms part of 
the international BDO network of independent member firms. 
EDO is the brand name for the 8D0 network and for each of the BOO Member Firms. 
EFTA00810315
--- PAGE 5 ---
Financial Statements 
EFTA00810316
--- PAGE 6 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Partners' Capital 
December 31, 2018 
Assets 
Investments, at fair value (cost $56,289,593) 
$ 
167,590,032 
Cash 
787,228 
Interest receivable 
15,300 
Total Assets 
$ 
168,392,560 
Liabilities 
Contributions received in advance 
$ 
525,000 
Due to affiliates 
4,668 
Total Liabilities 
529,668 
Partners' Capital 
Cumulative capital contributions 
$ 
61,486,320 
Syndication costs 
(170,655) 
Cumulative net operating loss 
(4,753,212) 
Net unrealized appreciation on investments 
111,300,439 
Total Partners' Capital 
167,862,892 
Total Liabilities and Partners' Capital 
$ 
168,392,560 
See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
EFTA00810317
--- PAGE 7 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Schedule of Investments 
December 31, 2018 
Geographic 
Classification' 
Number 
of shares 
Privately Held Stock 
Other 
Total 
Unrealized 
Appreciation 
(Depreciation) 
Cost 
Fair Value 
Cost 
Fair Value 
Cost 
Fair Value 
Stash Financial. Inc. (f/k/a Collective Returns. Inc.) 
United States 
Series B Preferred Shares 
1.647.819 
$ 
10.200.000 
$ 
33.774.753 
S 
$ 
$ 
10.200.000 
S 
33.774.753 
$ 
23.574.753 
Series A Preferred Shares 
693.529 
1.937.997 
14.215.014 
1.937.997 
14.215.014 
12.277.017 
Series C Preferred Shares 
217.494 
2.692.576 
4.457.896 
2.692.576 
4.457.896 
1.765.320 
Series 0 Preferred Shares 
46.103 
679.991 
944.957 
679.991 
944.957 
264.966 
Olinda S.A.S (cVb/a Oonto) 
France 
Series A Ordinary Shares 
26.165 
5.378.771 
34.043.516 
5.378.771 
34.043.516 
28.664.745 
Series Seed Ordinary Shares 
6.351 
344.546 
8.263.343 
344.546 
8.263.343 
7.918.797 
N26 GmbH 
Germany 
Preferred B Shares 
1.098 
4.334.464 
24.419.437 
4.334.464 
24.419.437 
20.084.973 
Octane Lending. Inc. 
United States 
Series A-Ill Convertible Preferred Stock 
1.562.226 
8.473.658 
12.460.760 
8.473.658 
12.460.760 
3.987.102 
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 
294.122 
2.040.001 
2.346.001 
2.040.001 
2.346.001 
306.000 
Common Stock 
129.127 
516.508 
1.029.954 
516.508 
1.029.950 
513.446 
Petal Card. Inc. 
United States 
Series A Preferred Shares 
4.485.326 
5.405.889 
11.693.245 
5.405.889 
11.693.245 
6.287.356 
Series B Preferred Shares 
652.090 
1.699.999 
1.699.999 
1.699.999 
1.699.999 
Series 6-1 Preferred Shares 
161.325 
378.517 
420.574 
378.517 
420.574 
42.057 
Common Stock 
78.100 
70.532 
203.607 
70.532 
203.607 
133.075 
Coya AG 
Germany 
Series A Preferred Shares 
11.914 
4.422.963 
7.927.383 
4.422.963 
7.927.383 
3.504.420 
Jetty National. Inc. 
United States 
Series A Preferred Shares 
2.375.745 
5.505.551 
7.419.454 
5.505.551 
7.419.454 
1.913.903 
Spaceship Financial Services Pty Ltd 
Australia 
Series Al Preferred Shares 
20.878 
521.876 
599.550 
521.876 
599.550 
77.670 
See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
EFTA00810318
--- PAGE 8 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Schedule of Investments 
December 31, 2018 
Geographic 
Classification• 
Number 
of Shares 
Privately Held Stock 
Other 
Total 
Unrealized 
Appreciation 
(Depreciation) 
Cost 
Fair Value 
Coat 
Fair Value 
Cost 
Fair Value 
Brolly UK Technology Limited 
United Kingdom 
Series Seed Preferred Shares 
592.449 
S 
2' 0.58,2,
S 
216.478 
$ 
- 
$ 
- 
$ 
210,580 
$ 
216,178 
$ 
5898 
Convertible Notes 
237,575 
216,512 
237,575 
216,512 
(21.063) 
Peak Ventures Rod 
United States 
Limited Partnership Interests 
371,000 
374,000 
371,000 
374,000 
Seed Platform, Inc. 
United States 
Simple Agreement for Future Equity 
310,000 
340,000 
310,000 
310,000 
Symple. Inc. 
United States 
Simple Agreement for Future Equity 
217,600 
217,600 
217,600 
217.600 
Mirror Al Inc. 
United States 
Convertible Notes 
170,000 
170,000 
170.000 
170.000 
Anduril Industries. Inc. 
United States 
Series Seed Preferred Stock 
123.113 
68.000 
68,000 
68.000 
68.000 
Brat Inc. 
United States 
Series Seed Preferred Stock 
83.563 
67.999 
67.999 
67.999 
67.999 
Total Investments, all in the technology industry 
$ 
54,950,418 
$ 166,271,920 
$ 1,339,175 
$ 
1,318,112 
$ 56,289,593 
S 
167,590,032 
S 111,300,439 
Percentage of Partners' Capital 
99.05% 
0.79% 
99.84% 
' M used herein. Geographic Classification' has the meaning given to it under applicable AICPA guidelines. For these purposes. 54.75% of Partners Capital is classified in the United States. 25.20% in France. 19.27% in Germany. 0.36% in 
Australia and 0.26% in the United Kingdom. 
See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
EFTA00810319
--- PAGE 9 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Statement of Operations 
Year Ended December 31, 2018 
Investment Income 
Interest income 
$ 
11,092 
Expenses 
Management fee 
1,826,250 
Professional fees 
190,021 
General and administrative 
88,279 
Total expenses before management fee waiver 
2,104,550 
Less: management fee waiver 
(142,080) 
Less: management fee reduction for syndication costs 
(63,000) 
Total expenses after management fee waiver and reduction 
1,899,470 
Net Operating Loss 
(1,888,378) 
Unrealized Appreciation on Investments 
Balance at beginning of year 
25,240,354 
Balance at end of year 
111,300,439 
Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation on Investments 
86,060,085 
Net Increase in Partners' Capital Resulting from Operations 
$ 
84,171,707 
See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
EFTA00810320
--- PAGE 10 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Statement of Changes in Partners' Capital 
Year Ended December 31, 2018 
General 
Partner 
Limited 
Partners 
Total 
Partners' Capital, December 31, 2017 
S 
5,034,781 $ 
67,739,704 $ 
72,774,485 
Capital contributions 
22,200 
10,957,500 
10,979,700 
Syndication costs 
(63,000) 
(63,000) 
Net operating loss 
(2,680) 
(1,885,698) 
(1,888,378) 
Net change in unrealized appreciation on investments 
861,625 
85,056,380 
85,918,005 
Recapture of General Partners deemed contributions -
priority allocation 
142,080 
142,080 
Carried interest reallocation 
16,621,536 
(16,621,536) 
Partners' Capital, December 31, 2018 
$ 
22,679,542 $ 
145,183,350 $ 
167,862,892 
See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
EFTA00810321
--- PAGE 11 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Year Ended December 31, 2018 
Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
Net increase in partners' capital resulting from operations 
$ 
84,171,707 
Adjustments to reconcile net increase in partners' capital resulting from 
operations to net cash used in operating activities: 
Net change in unrealized appreciation on investments 
(86,060,085) 
Purchase of investments 
(5,257,083) 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
Increase in interest receivable 
(8,500) 
Decrease in due to affiliates 
(4,890) 
Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
(7,158,851) 
Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
Capital contributions, net of change in contributions received in advance 
and contributions receivable 
11,504,790 
Line of credit proceeds 
2,090,000 
Line of credit repayments 
(6,090,000) 
Syndication costs 
(63,000) 
Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
7,441,790 
Net Increase in Cash 
Cash, beginning of year 
282,939 
504,289 
Cash, end of year 
787,228 
Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 
Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest to preferred shares 
900,393 
Interest paid during the year 
17,655 
See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
EFTA00810322
--- PAGE 12 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
1. 
The Partnership 
The accompanying financial statements include the accounts of Valar Global Fund Ill LP (the 
"Partnership"). The Partnership was organized as a Delaware limited partnership on July 1, 2016 
(Commencement) to make investments in early-stage technology companies for long-term capital 
appreciation. The Partnership will continue until the tenth anniversary of the final closing date, 
unless extended in accordance with the limited partnership agreement (the "Agreement"), or by 
the election of the general partner. The general partner of the Partnership is Valar Ventures GP Ill 
LLC (the "General Partner"), a Delaware Limited Liability Company. Valar Ventures LLC (the 
"Management Company") serves as the management company of the Partnership. 
If a limited partner informs the General Partner that it must abstain from any specific vote taken 
or consent granted by the limited partners under the Agreement or the Partnership Agreement of a 
parallel fund, such limited partner's interest shall be deemed not to be outstanding for purposes of 
such determination and such limited partner shall be excluded from such vote or consent. 
Allocation of Net Income or Net Loss 
The allocation of income and loss is performed in accordance with the executed Agreement. The 
allocation of ordinary income or ordinary loss, defined as all income received by the Partnership 
from investments of idle funds in short term securities, shall be allocated to the capital accounts of 
all partners in proportion to their respective partnership percentages. The allocations have been 
calculated and financial statements presented on a hypothetical liquidation basis, as prescribed by 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). 
First, realized profits from sale or disposition of securities will be allocated to the General Partner 
equal to the aggregate amount of Fee Adjustments, as defined in the Agreement. 
Remaining profits and losses will be allocated: 
a) Until the cumulative amount allocated to each limited partner is equal to 300% of such 
limited partner's capital commitment, 80% of the profits will be allocated to the partners 
in proportion to their respective partnership percentages and 20% to first restore any 
previously allocated contingent losses of the partners and the remaining profits shall be 
allocated to the General Partner. 
b) From and after the time that the cumulative amount allocated to each limited partner is 
equal to 300% of such limited partner's capital commitment, allocation of cumulative profits 
shall be made 75% to all partners in proportion to their respective partnership percentages 
and 25% to first restore any previously allocated contingent losses of the partners and the 
remaining profits shall be allocated to the General Partner, until the cumulative amount 
distributed to each limited partner is equal to 600% of such limited partner's capital 
commitment. 
c) From and after the time that the cumulative amount allocated to each limited partner is 
equal to 600% of such limited partner's capital commitment, allocation of cumulative profits 
shall be made 70% to all partners in proportion to their respective partnership percentages 
and 30% to first restore any previously allocated contingent losses of the partners and the 
remaining profits shall be allocated to the General Partner. 
EFTA00810323
--- PAGE 13 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
Losses of the Partnership are allocated as follows: 
a) First, to the extent of the profits allocated as outlined above, items of loss shall be allocated 
in proportion to and in reverse order of such profit allocations. 
b) Any remaining items of loss shall be allocated 20% to the General Partner and 80% to all 
partners in proportion to their respective partnership percentages. 
If after these allocations result in a balance of the General Partner that is less than the product of 
(i) the sum of the Adjusted Capital Account balances of all Partners multiplied by (ii) the quotient 
of (A) the sum of (x) the amount of the General Partner's capital contributions made in cash as of 
such time plus (y) aggregate allocations of net Profit to the General Partner pursuant to waived 
management fees divided by (B) the sum of (x) the amount of all of the Partners' capital 
contributions made in cash as of such time plus (y) aggregate allocations of net Profit to the General 
Partner pursuant to waived management fees, then an amount (the "Contingent Loss") shall be 
reallocated from the General Partner's capital account to all of the partners' capital accounts in 
proportion to their respective partnership percentage. There is no contingent loss balance at 
December 31, 2018. 
Distributions 
The General Partner may make a distribution of cash or marketable securities to the partners in 
proportion to their respective partnership percentages until each such partner has received 
distributions in an amount equal to such partner's aggregate capital contributions, less the net 
ordinary losses, if any, previously allocated to such partner. 
First, to the partners in proportion to their respective partnership percentages until each such 
partner has received distributions in an amount equal to such partner's aggregate capital 
contributions less the net Ordinary Losses. 
Second, until the cumulative amount distributed to each limited partner is equal to 300% of such 
limited partner's capital commitment, distributions shall be made 80% to all partners in proportion 
to their respective partnership percentages and 20% to the General Partner. 
Third, from and after the time that the cumulative amount distributed to each limited partner is 
equal to 300% of such limited partners capital commitment, distributions shall be made 100% to the 
General Partner until the General Partner has received aggregate distributions equal to 25% of the 
cumulative distributions. 
Fourth, until the cumulative amount distributed to each limited partner is equal to 600% of such 
limited partner's capital commitment, distribution shall be made 75% to all partners in proportion 
to their respective partnership percentages and 25% to the General Partner. 
Fifth, from and after the time that the cumulative amount distributed to each limited partner is 
equal to 600% of such limited partners capital commitment, distributions shall be made 100% to the 
General Partner until the General Partner has received aggregate distributions equal to 30% of the 
cumulative distributions. 
Any remaining distribution shall be made 70% to all partners in proportion to their respective 
partnership percentages and 30% to the General Partner. 
EFTA00810324
--- PAGE 14 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
The General Partner may at any time waive a distribution of cash or marketable securities that 
would otherwise be made and instead make such distribution 100% to all partners in accordance 
with their respective partnership percentages; provided, however, that the Partnership may make 
subsequent distributions of cash to the General Partner to the extent of any such waived distribution 
at such times as the General Partner shall determine. 
Whenever more than one type of marketable securities are being distributed in kind in a single 
distribution or whenever more than one class of marketable securities of a portfolio company are 
distributed in kind by the Partnership, each partner shall receive its ratable portion of each type, 
class or portion of such class of marketable securities distributed in kind (except to the extent that 
a disproportionate distribution is necessary to avoid distributing fractional shares). 
Marketable securities distributed in kind shall be subject to such conditions and restrictions as the 
General Partner determines are legally required or appropriate. Whenever types or classes of 
Securities are distributed in kind, each partner shall receive its ratable portion of each type or class 
of securities distributed in kind. 
Each partner shall be paid in cash after the end of each fiscal year during the term of the Partnership 
an amount equal to the net taxable income allocated to such partner as a result of such partner's 
ownership of an interest in the Partnership for the current fiscal year multiplied by the highest 
blended federal, state and local marginal income tax rate then applicable to an individual residing 
in any state applied by taking into account the character of the taxable income in question (i.e., 
long-term capital gains, ordinary income, etc.); provided, however, that the General Partner shall 
not be required to make any such distribution if the total amount to be distributed to all partners 
is less than $1,000,000. 
2. 
Significant Accounting Policies 
Basis of Presentation 
The financial statements are presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Partnership is an 
investment company and applies accounting and reporting guidance in accordance with Financial 
Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 946, 
"Financial Services - Investment Companies." 
Use of Estimates 
U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported 
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the 
financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. 
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Valuation of investments at Fair Value - Definition and Hierarchy 
The Partnership follows the guidance in the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of FASB 
ASC 820. Under this guidance, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the "exit price") in an orderly transaction between market 
participants at the measurement date. 
EFTA00810325
--- PAGE 15 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
In determining fair value, the Partnership uses various valuation approaches, as may be appropriate 
in the circumstance, including market, income and/or cost approaches. Investments are valued on 
a quarterly basis taking into consideration any changes, projections and assumptions, as well as any 
changes in economic and other relevant conditions. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for 
inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the 
use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. 
Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset developed 
based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Partnership. Unobservable inputs 
are inputs that reflect the Partnership's assumptions about the assumptions market participants 
would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the 
circumstances. The valuations of the Partnership's investments are reviewed quarterly by the 
General Partner. The valuations are further tested by comparison to actual sales prices obtained on 
disposition of the investments. The fair value hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on 
the reliability of inputs as follows: 
Level 1 - Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that 
the partnership has the ability to access. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not applied 
to Level 1 instruments. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly 
available in an active market, valuation of these products does not entail a significant degree of 
judgment. 
Level 2 - Valuations based on inputs that are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are 
either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date, and fair value is determined through 
the use of models or other valuation methodologies. 
Level 3 - Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and include situations where there is 
little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value 
require significant management judgment and estimation. 
The availability of valuation techniques and observable inputs can vary from instrument to 
instrument and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including, for example, the type of 
instrument, whether the instrument is new and not yet established in the marketplace, and other 
characteristics particular to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or 
inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value 
requires more judgment. Those estimated values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may 
be ultimately realized due to the occurrence of future circumstances that cannot be reasonably 
determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, those estimated values may be 
materially higher or lower than the values that would have been used had a ready market for the 
securities existed. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Partnership in determining 
fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to 
measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for 
disclosure purposes the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in 
its entirety falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement in its entirety. 
Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant who 
holds the asset or owes the liability rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when 
market assumptions are not readily available, the Partnership's own assumptions are set to reflect 
those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. 
EFTA00810326
--- PAGE 16 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
The valuation methodologies used to estimate the fair value the Partnership's classes of investments 
is described below: 
Investments in Portfolio Companies - The General Partner primarily uses a market approach in 
estimating the fair values of its investments in portfolio companies. This approach usually includes 
referencing recent or pending transactions in the same or similar securities of the issuer. Investment 
carrying value may also be supported by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable 
companies, such as an enterprise value or acquisition value to revenue multiple, where 
unobservable data of the issuer is viewed in the context of a relevant range of comparable 
companies or transactions. Such information may be derived from unaudited input sources. In 
certain instances, the General Partner may use a combination of the market and income approaches 
for certain portfolio investments. The Partnership's investments may also be valued at cost for a 
period of time after an investment is made as the best indicator of fair value. Debt instruments are 
recorded at fair value using cost. In assessing portfolio investment companies for impairment, 
management considered these companies' product line portfolio, customers and related commercial 
agreements, labor agreements and other factors for which identifiable cash flows are largely 
independent. 
The fair values of venture capital investments are determined by reference to multiple inputs, 
including: the original transaction price, recent transactions in the same or similar securities, 
completed or pending third-party transactions in the same or similar securities, subsequent rounds 
of financing by the issuer, recapitalization of the issuer, expected near term acquisition or merger 
of the issuer, significant changes in operating performance, financial ratios and cash flows of the 
issuer, historical and projected revenues, public market or private market transactions, valuations 
for comparable companies, information obtained from portfolio company 409A valuations, and other 
measures which, in many cases, are unaudited at the time received. Valuations may be derived by 
reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or transactions (e.g., 
multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company such as revenues by a relevant 
valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by 
management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some 
instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. The fair value 
measurement of such investments does not include transaction costs that may have been capitalized 
as part of such investments' cost basis. 
Interest Income 
Interest income represents interest earned from bank interest and the Partnership's investments 
in debt instruments. Interest is recorded on an accrual basis. 
Taxes on Income 
The Partnership accounts for uncertainty in tax positions by determining whether a tax position of 
the Partnership is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including the resolution 
of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. For 
tax positions meeting the more likely than not threshold, the tax amount recognized in the financial 
statements is reduced by the largest benefit that has a more likely than not position of being 
realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant taxing authority. 
EFTA00810327
--- PAGE 17 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
The Partnership files tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it 
operates. In the normal course of business, the Partnership is subject to examination by federal, 
state, local and foreign jurisdictions, where applicable. As of December 31, 2018, the tax years that 
remain subject to examination by the major tax jurisdictions (U.S. Federal and California State) 
under the statute of limitations are from 2016 forward. 
The Partnership accrues all amounts under relevant tax laws as incurred. As of December 31, 2018, 
the General Partner has determined that the Partnership does not have a liability for uncertain tax 
positions nor did the Partnership incur a liability for interest and penalties. The General Partner 
does not anticipate any unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months that would result in a 
material change to the Partnership's financial position. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Investment securities and other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are revalued 
into U.S. dollar amounts at the date of valuation. Purchases and sales of investment securities and 
income and expense items denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollar amounts 
on the respective dates of such transactions. 
The Partnership does not isolate the portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in 
foreign currency rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in unrealized or 
realized gains and losses from investments. 
Recent Accounting Pronouncement 
In August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards 
Update CASU-9 2018-13- Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework - Changes to 
the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement, which includes amendments intended to 
improve the effectiveness of disclosure requirements for recurring and nonrecurring fair value 
measurements. The standard removes, modifies and adds certain disclosure requirements and 
affects companies that are required to include fair value measurement disclosures. 
For nonpublic entities, the disclosure for the changes in the unrealized gains and losses included in 
earnings for recurring Level 3 fair value measurements held at the end of the period are no longer 
required. In lieu of a rollforward for Level 3 fair value measurements, a nonpublic entity is required 
to disclose transfers into and out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy and purchases and issues of 
Level 3 assets and liabilities. 
The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, 
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption for amendments that remove or modify 
disclosures are permitted and the Partnership has early adopted these amendments. 
3. 
Fair Value Measurements 
The Partnership's assets recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon a fair value 
hierarchy in accordance with ASC 820. See Note 2 for a discussion of the Partnership's policies 
regarding this hierarchy. 
EFTA00810328
--- PAGE 18 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
The following table presents the investments carried on the statement of assets, liabilities and 
partners' capital by level within the valuation hierarchy as of December 31, 2018. 
Investments at Fair Value as of December 31, 2018 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
Preferred stock 
- 
$ 
$ 
165,038,359 
$ 
165,038,359 
Common stock 
1,233,561 
1,233,561 
Partnership interest' 
374.000 
Other 
944.112 
944.112 
Total investments 
- 
$ 
$ 
167,216.032 
$ 
167,590.032 
'Under ASC 820. partnership interests presented in the table above are not required to be categorized within the fair value 
hierarchy, as fair value of these investments are determined using NAV as a practical expedient. 
The following table includes a summary of activity for the year ended December 31, 2018 for 
investments classified within Level 3. The classification of an investment within Level 3 is based 
upon the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement. 
Preferred 
Common 
Stock 
Stock 
Other 
Total 
Purchases 
$ 
4,419,990 
$ 
$ 
837,093 
$ 
5,257,083 
There were no transfers between Level 3, Level 2 or Level 1 investments during the year presented. 
At December 31, 2018, all Level 3 investments were valued based on most recent observable 
transaction price. 
While the General Partner believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with those 
used by other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine 
the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at 
the reporting date. Those estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have 
been used had a readily available market for such investments existed, or had such investments 
been liquidated, and these differences could be material to the financial statements. 
4. 
Management Fee 
The General Partner shall be compensated in cash, payable quarterly in advance, for services 
rendered to the Partnership by the payment in advance by the Partnership in cash to the General 
Partner on the first day of each fiscal quarter of a management fee. The management fee for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the aggregate limited partners' capital commitments as 
of the first day of each such quarter multiplied by 0.625%. The management fee otherwise payable 
by the Partnership to the General Partner shall be offset by one hundred percent (100%) of the 
amount of any cash or noncash compensation in the form of stock, options, warrants or other similar 
rights (net of the amount paid for any such stock or securities) paid as directors, consulting, 
management service, advisory, consultant, transaction, commitment, breakup or broken deal fees 
or similar fees to the General Partner, the Management Company, or the respective managing 
members or managers of such entities, during the immediately preceding quarter by or in connection 
with any company in which the Partnership holds an investment or any company in which the 
Partnership actively sought to invest but did not, net of any unreimbursed expenses of the General 
Partner or the Management Company, or the managing members or managers of such entities, 
provided, however, the foregoing shall not apply to any cash or non-cash compensation paid to any 
such parties by a company in which an "Affiliated Party" (as defined in the Agreement) or a member, 
EFTA00810329
--- PAGE 19 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
employee or Affiliate thereof holds an investment as of the date hereof and by the amount of capital 
that the General Partner elected not to contribute in cash in the preceding quarter ("Fee 
Adjustment"). 
During the year ended December 31, 2018, total management fees were $1,826,250, of which there 
was a (1) Fee Adjustment of $142,080 as a result of the General Partner not contributing in cash 
80% of its capital contributions of $177,600 from October 1, 2017 to September 30, 2018 and (2) a 
management fee reduction of $63,000 as a result of syndication costs for placement agent fees. 
5. 
Partners' Capital 
As of December 31, 2018, the Partnership had a total capital commitment of $73,790,000, including 
the General Partner's capital commitment of $740,000, of which a combined 84% has been called 
with $61,486,320 funded into the Partnership. 
6. 
Commitments 
The Partnership agrees to indemnify, out of the assets of the Partnership only the General Partner, 
the Management Company, the members of the advisory committee, the tax matters partner and 
their respective managers, members, partners, principals, officers, employees, affiliates and agents 
to the fullest extent permitted by law for good faith actions taken on behalf of the Partnership. The 
Partnership is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum amount of potential future payments 
from the Partnership as a result of potential claims, but expects the risk of having to make 
significant indemnification payments to be remote. 
7. 
Related Parties 
The General Partner also provides management services to an affiliated fund, Valar Global Principals 
Fund Ill LP, which co-invests pari passu with the Partnership in the same portfolio companies the 
Partnership invests in. 
Members or assignees of the General Partner serve as a member of the Board of Directors for certain 
portfolio companies of the Partnership as of December 31, 2018. 
The Partnership has amounts due to related parties for payment of expenses on behalf of the 
Partnership in the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2018, $4,668 is due to related 
parties. 
8. 
Line of Credit 
On August 3, 2016, the Partnership entered into a line of credit agreement with a major U.S. bank 
(the "Lender") that allowed the Partnership to borrow cash through August 3, 2019. The Lender has 
committed to provide up to the lesser of $4,760,000 or 50% of callable capital less borrower's 
contingent obligations. The principal amount outstanding under the line shall accrue interest at a 
floating per annum rate equal to one half of one percentage point (0.50%) below the Wall Street 
Journal prime floating rate. The line of credit agreement contained certain nonfinancial covenants 
and the Partnership was in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2018. The outstanding 
balance at December 31, 2018 was $0. 
EFTA00810330
--- PAGE 20 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
9. 
Risk Factors 
The Partnership's investing activities expose it to various types of risk that are associated with the 
financial instruments and markets in which it invests. The significant types of financial risks to which 
the Partnership is exposed include, but are not limited to market risk, illiquidity risk and other 
additional risks. Certain aspects of those risks are addressed below. 
Credit Risk - In the normal course of business, the Partnership maintains its cash balances in 
financial institutions, which at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Partnership is subject 
to credit risk to the extent any financial institution with which it conducts business is unable to 
fulfill contractual obligations on its behalf. Management monitors the financial condition of such 
financial institutions and does not anticipate any losses from these counterparties. 
Market Risk - The Partnership's investments are long-term and highly illiquid and there is no 
assurance that the Partnership will achieve investment objectives including targeted returns. Due 
to the illiquidity of the investments, valuation of the assets may be difficult, as there generally will 
be no established markets for these assets. As the Partnership's financial instruments are carried at 
fair value with fair value changes recognized in the statement of operations, all changes in market 
conditions will directly affect the net asset value of the Partnership. 
illiquidity Risk - Most of the portfolio companies in which the Partnership expects to make 
investments will initially be privately held. As a result there will be no readily available secondary 
market for the Partnership's interests in such portfolio companies, and those interests will be 
subject to legal restrictions on transfer. Therefore, there is no assurance that the Partnership will 
be able to realize liquidity for such investments in a timely manner, if at all. 
Foreign Currency Risk - The Partnership may enter into transactions denominated in currencies 
other than its functional currency. Consequently, the Partnership may be exposed to risks that the 
exchange rate of its currency relative to other foreign currencies may change in a manner that may 
have an adverse effect of the value of that portion of the Partnership's assets or liabilities 
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. 
Industry Risk - The Partnership focuses on investments in the technology industry. Thus, the 
performance of the Partnership will be closely linked to the performance of this industry and the 
Partnership could be severely impacted by adverse developments affecting this industry. 
Geographic Risk - The Partnership has not adopted policies requiring that its portfolio companies 
be diversified in different geographic areas. If several Partnership investments are concentrated in 
one geographic area, the Partnership could be severely impacted by adverse developments affecting 
that geographic area. 
Technology Risk- The technologies developed by the portfolio companies may not work. 
EFTA00810331
--- PAGE 21 ---
Valar Global Fund Ill LP 
(a Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
10. Financial Highlights 
The Partnership is required to disclose financial highlights for the common interest in the 
Partnership (i.e. the limited partners' interest). These financial highlights consist of the operating 
expenses, priority allocation, carried interest reallocation and net operating loss ratios for the year 
ended December 31, 2018 and the net internal rate of return ("IRR") since inception of the limited 
partners, net of all fees and carried interest reallocation to the General Partner, through December 
31, 2017 and 2018. The following summarizes the limited partners' financial highlights: 
Net operating loss 0) 
Total expenses before management fee waiver and deduction for 
syndication cost 0) 
Less: management fee waiver with respect to the General Partner's capital 
commitment 
Less: deduction of syndication cost with respect to the General Partner's 
capital commitment 
Net expenses after management fee waiver 
Priority allocation 
Carried interest reallocation 
Total net expenses, priority allocation and carried interest reallocation 
(0.06%) 
1.95% 
0.15% 
17.10%
19.20% 
Cumulative net IRR through December 31, 2017 (2) 
52.02% 
Cumulative net IRR through December 31, 2018 (2) 
72.76% 
is 
The net operating loss, carried interest reallocation and expense ratios are computed as a percentage of 
quarterly weighted average limited partners' capital balance. 
X21 
The net IRR was computed based on the cash inflows (capital contributions), outflows (cash and stock 
distributions), and the ending limited partners' capital balance at the end of the year (residual value) of the 
limited partners' capital account as of each measurement date. The IRR is net of carried interest reallocation. 
These financial highlights may not be indicative of the future performance of the Partnership. 
11. Subsequent Events 
The Partnership has evaluated subsequent events through March 20, 2019, the date the 
accompanying financial statements were available to be issued and did not note any items that 
would adjust the financial statements or require disclosure. 
EFTA00810332

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810333.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
For calendar year 2018. a tax year 
beginning  
rancho 
M18 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
la See back of form and separate Instructions. 
651118 
r--1 Amended K-1 
OMB No. 1545-0123 
Part III 
Partner's Share of Current Year Income, 
Deductions. Credits and Other Items 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
1S 
Credits 
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental mono (loss) 
B 
Foreign transactions 
405. 
Part I 
Information About the Partnership 
A 
Partnership's employer identification number 
ailli
ame. address. dry. state, and 2IP code 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
915 BROADWAY, SUITE 1101 
NEW YORK NY 10010 
C 
IRS Center where partnership filed return 
EFI LE 
▪ 
Check if this is a publicly traded pannershp (PTP) 
I 
Guaranteed payments 
I 
Interest Income 
4,162. 
6e Ordinary dadends 
Qualified dvklends 
Dividend equivalents 
Royalties 
381 
Part II 
Information About the Partner 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
618. 
Alternative minimum UM(AMT) Items 
E 
Partners identifying number 
F 
Partner's name, address. any, state. and 2IP code 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST.THOMAS, VI 00802 
G 
U
 General partner or LLC 
1_2(j Limited partner a other LLC 
member-manager 
member 
• EI Domestic partner 
K Foreign partner 
It 
What type of entity is the partner?  
S CORPORATION 
If this partner is a retirement plan (lRASEPrKeogIVetc.). check here K 
Partners share of profit. loss. and capital (see instructions): 
Profs 
Beginning 
34.169883 
Sting 
34.174477 
% 
Loss 
34.169883 
34.174477 
% 
Capital 
34.152663 
34.152184 
% 
▪ 
Partners share of liabilities: 
Beginning 
Non recourse 
$ 
Ending 
e
numailipmeg nonrecourses
$ 
Recourse  
$ 
L 
Partners capital account analysis: 
Beginning capital account  
Capital contributed during the year 
Current year increase (decrease) 
Withdrawals & distributions . .  
Ending tetanal account  
16, 332,775. 
. $ 
3,750,000. 
$ 
—646,464. 
. $ ( 
19,436,311. 
Tax basis n GAAP 
DI Section 700(0) book 
Other (molar') 
IA 
Did the partner contnbute property with a built-in gain or loss? 
EN. 
Eyes 
9a 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
9b 
Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
9c 
Unreceptured section 1250 gam 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Tax-exempt Income and 
nondeductible expenses 
Other income (loss) 
Distributions 
Section 179 deduction 
Other deductions 
H* 
6,363. A 
PI* 
STMT 
B 
Self-employment earnings (loss) 
Other information 
4,162. 
644,881.
'See attached statement for additional information. 
For IRS Use Only 
II -Yes.' attach statement (see instructions) 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. see Instructions for Form 1065. 
SA 
SPU001.000 
3597LP 
700W 
www.ir .gov/Formt065 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065)2018 
EFTA00810333
--- PAGE 2 ---
Schedule K. (Form 1065) 2018 
PARTNER # 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Page 2 
This list Identifies the codes used on Schedule K-1 for all partners and provides summarized reporting information for partners who file Form 1000. 
For detailed reporting and filing Information, see the separate Partners Instructions for Schedule K-1 and the Instructions for your Income tax return. 
1. Ordinary business Income (loss). Determine witether the income (loss) is 
Cado 
Report on 
passive or nonpassive and enter on your return as lams. 
J Work opportunity credit 
Report on 
K Disabled access credit 
Passive loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
Passive income 
Schedule E. Me 28. column (h) 
Nonpassive loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
L Empowerment zone 
employment credit 
IA Credit la increasing research activities 
See the Partners Instructions 
Nonpassrve income 
Schedule E. Me 28. column (k) 
2. Net rental real estate Income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
N Credit la employer social 
secunty and Medicare taxes 
3. Other net rental Income (loss) 
O Backup withhdding 
Net income 
Schedule E. Me 28. column (h) 
Net loss 
See the Partners Instructions 
P Other crews 
16. Foreign transactions 
0. Guaranteed payments 
Schedule E. Me 28. column (k) 
5. Interest Income 
Form 1040. Ine2b 
A Name of country or U.S. 
possession 
Form 1116. Pan I 
6a. Ordinary dividends 
Form 1040. Ine3b 
B Gross income from all sources 
6b. Oualifled dividends 
Form 1040. line 3a 
C Gross Income sourced al puma lapel 
6c. Dividend equivalents 
See the Partners Instructions 
Foreign gross income sourced et peRnersh0 level 
7. Royalties 
Schedule E. line 4 
O Section 951A category 
8. Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 5 
E Foreign branch category 
Form 1116. Pan I 
9a. Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 12 
F Passive category 
9b. Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
28% RateGan Worksheet. line 4 
O General category 
(Schedule D instructions) 
H Other 
9c. Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
See the Partners Instructions 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
10. Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
I 
Interest expense 
Form 1116. Pan I 
11. Other Income (loss) 
J Other 
Form 1116. Pat I 
Code 
Deductions allocated and apportioned et partnersh#3 level to foreign source 
income 
A Other portfolio income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Involuntary conversions 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Sec. 1256 contracts 8 straddles 
Form 6781. line 1 
K Section 951A category 
L Foreign branch category 
O Mining exploration costs recapture 
See Pit 535 
PA PassMs category 
Form 1116. Pat I 
E Cancellation ol debt 
Schedule 1 (Form 1000). line 21 or 
N General category 
Form 982 
O Other 
F Section 951A income 
Other in f oation 
O Section 965(a) leCluSKal 
P Total foreign taxes paid 
Form 1116. Pan II 
H Subpart F income ether than 
See the Partners Instructions 
Total foreign taxes accrued 
Form 1116. Pan II 
sections 951A and 965 inclusion 
R Reduction in taxes available for craft 
Form 1116. line 12 
I Other ncome (less) 
S Foreign trading gross receipts 
Form 8873 
12. Section 179 deduction 
See the Partner's Instructions 
T Extraterritorial ncome exclusion 
Form 8873 
13. Other deductions 
U Section 951A(c)(1)(A) tested income 
A Cash contnbutions (60%) 
B Cash contnbutions (30%) 
V Tested foreign income tax 
See the Partners Instrucbons 
W Section 965 information 
C Noncash contnbutions (50%) 
X Other foreign transactions 
Noncash contnbutions (30%) 
See the Partners 
17. Alternative minimum tax (AMT) hems 
E Capital gain property to a 50% 
Instructions 
A Post-1986 deprecation adjustment 
organization (30%) 
Adjusted gain or loss 
See the Partners 
F Capital gain property (20%) 
C Depletion (other than oil 8 gas) 
Instructions and 
Contributions (100%) 
D Oct. gas. 8 geothermal gross income 
the Instructions tar 
H Investment Interest expense 
Form 4952. line 
E Oil. gas. 8 geothermal - deductions 
Form 6251 
I Deductions royally income 
Schedule E. line 19 
F Other AMT tams 
J Section 59(0(2) expenditures 
See the Partners Instructions 
18. Tax-exempt Income and nondeductible e pauses 
K Excess business nterest expense 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Tax-exempt interest income 
Form 1040. Me 2a 
L Deductions portfolio (other) 
Schedule A. Me 16 
B Other tax-exempt ncome 
See the Partners Instrucbons 
IA Amounts paid to medical insurance 
Schedule A. line 1 or Schedule 
C Nondeductible expenses 
See the Partners Instrucbons 
(Form 1040). Ire 29 
19. Distributions 
N Educational assistance benefits 
See the Partners Instructions 
A Cash and marketable securities 
O Dependent care benefits 
Form 2441. line 12 
B Distribution subject to section 737 
See the Partner's Instructions 
P Preproductive period expenses 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Other property 
Commercial revitalization deduction 
20. Other Information 
from rental real estate ettnnies 
See Form 8582 instructions 
A Investment income 
Form 4952. Me 0a 
R Pensions and IRAs 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Investment expenses 
Form 4952. Me 5 
S Reforestation expense deduction 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Fuel tax credit information 
Form 4136 
T through V 
Reserved for future use 
D Qualified rehabilitation expenditures 
See the Partners Instructions 
W Other deductions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
(other than rental real estate) 
X Section 965(c) deduction 
E Basis ol energy property 
See the Partners Instructions 
10. Sell-employment earnings (loss) 
F Recapture of low-income housing 
Form 8611. Me 8 
credit (section 420)(5)) 
Note: If you have a section 179 deduction or any partner-level deductions. see the 
Recapture of low-income housing 
Form 8611. Me 8 
Partners Instructions before completing Schedule SE. 
credit (other) 
A Net earrings (loss) from 
H Recapture of investment credit 
See Form 4255 
sell-employment 
Schedule SE. Seaton A or B 
I Recapture of other creeks 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Gross farming or fishing income 
See the Partners Instructions 
J Look-track interest completed 
See Form 8697 
C Gross non-farm income 
See the Partners Instructions 
long-term contracts 
15. Credits 
A Low-income housing credit (section 
K Look-back interest - Income forecast 
See Form 8866 
method 
420)(5)) from pre-2008 buildings 
B Low-income housing credit 
(other) from pre-2008 buildings 
L Dispositions of property with 
section 179 deductions 
PA 
Recapture of section 179 deduction 
C Low-Income housing credit (section 
N Interest expense for corporate 
partners 
028)(6)) from post-2007 buildings 
O Low-Income housing credit (other) 
from post-2007 butdngs 
E Qualified rehabilitation 
expenditures (rental real estate) 
See the Partners Instructions 
through Y 
Section 199A income 
AA Section 199A W-2 wages 
AB Section 199A unadanted basis 
AC Section 199A REIT dividends 
See the Partners 
Instructions 
F Other rental real estate cream 
AD Section 199A PTP income 
O Other rental credits 
PE Excess taxable income 
H Undistnbuted capital gains credit 
Schedule 5 (Form 1040), line 74. box a 
AF Excess business interest income 
I Biofuel producer credit 
See the Partners Instructions 
JSA 
8PI303 1.000 
AO Gross receipts for section 59A(e) 
AH Other information 
3597LP 700W 
EFTA00810334
--- PAGE 3 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
81-1155894 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER # 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
ITEM L - CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
CASH CONTRIBUTIONS 
3,750,000. 
TOTAL CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
3,750,000. 
ITEM L - RECONCILIATION OF INCOME 
INCOME (LOSS) FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 1 - 11 
4,780. 
LESS: DEDUCTIONS FROM SCH. K-1, LINES 12, 13, 16P, AND 16Q 
651,244. 
TOTAL INCOME PER SCHEDULE K-1 
-646,464. 
TOTAL INCOME PER ITEM L, CURRENT YEAR INCR(DECR) 
-646,464. 
LINE 5 - INTEREST INCOME 
OTHER INTEREST INCOME 
INTEREST INCOME 
3,757. 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
405. 
TOTAL INTEREST INCOME 
4,162. 
LINE 8 - NET SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAIN(LOSS) 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
618. 
TOTAL NET SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAIN(LOSS) 
618. 
LINE 13 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
H - INVESTMENT INTEREST EXPENSE 
OTHER INVESTMENT INTEREST 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
TOTAL BOX H 
W OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
5,982. 
381. 
6,363. 
OTHER DEDUCTIONS INCLUDED IN ITEM L, CURRENT YEAR INCREASE (DECREASE) 
MANAGEMENT FEES 
PORTFOLIO DEDUCTIONS - OTHER 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
554,815. 
85,006. 
5,060. 
TOTAL BOX W 
644,881. 
009003 1.000 
3597LP 700W 
STATEMENT 1 
EFTA00810335
--- PAGE 4 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
81-1155894 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER II 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
LINE 16 - FOREIGN TRANSACTIONS 
LINE 16B - GROSS INCOME FROM ALL SOURCES (NONRIC) 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
405. 
TOTAL BOX B 
405. 
LINE 161 - INTEREST EXPENSE 
FROM PASS-THROUGH ENTITIES 
381. 
TOTAL BOX I 
381. 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES 
LINE 13W-OTHER DEDUCTIONS: 
THESE EXPENSES ARE PORTFOLIO DEDUCTIONS FORMERLY REPORTED ON BOX 13K 
AS 2% PORTFOLIO DEDUCTIONS THAT ARE NON-DEDUCTIBLE FOR CERTAIN 
TAXPAYERS, INCLUDING INDIVIDUALS, AND WOULD REDUCE YOUR TAX BASIS IN 
THE PARTNERSHIP. PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR. 
ITEM L: 
YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE YOUR TAX BASIS IN 
YOUR PARTNERSHIP INTEREST. YOU SHOULD DETERMINE WHETHER LOSSES OR 
EXPENSES APPEARING ON YOUR K-1 ARE SUBJECT TO SUSPENSION AND WHETHER 
THERE ARE OTHER LIMITATIONS OR ISSUES THAT MAY ARISE BY VIRTUE OF 
YOUR TAX BASIS IN YOUR PARTNERSHIP INTEREST OR FOR OTHER REASONS. 
CAPITAL ACCOUNT RECONCILIATION: 
THE PARTNERSHIP MAINTAINS CAPITAL ACCOUNT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 
704(B) AND REPORTS THESE BALANCES ON SCHEDULE K-1. FOR FINANCIAL 
PURPOSES, THE PARTNERSHIP MAINTAINS CAPITAL ACCOUNTS IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (GAAP). 
UBTI FOOTNOTE: 
TAX-EXEMPT PARTNERS ARE ADVISED THAT THE PARTNERSHIP IS NOT REPORTING 
UNRELATED BUSINESS TAXABLE INCOME ("UBTI") DURING THE 2018 TAXABLE 
YEAR BASED ON INFORMATION AVAILABLE TO THE PARTNERSHIP. 
EFFECTIVELY CONNECTED INCOME (ECI): 
THE PARTNERSHIP IS NOT REPORTING EFFECTIVELY CONNECTED INCOME ("ECI") 
DURING THE 2018 TAXABLE YEAR BASED ON INFORMATION AVAILABLE TO THE 
PARTNERSHIP. 
ITEM J: 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 2 
0P9000 1.000 
3597LP 700W 
EFTA00810336
--- PAGE 5 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
81-1155894 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER it 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES (CONT'D) 
PARTNER PERCENTAGES REFLECTED IN ITEM J ARE CALCULATED PURSUANT TO 
IRS INSTRUCTIONS, AND MAY VARY FROM PERCENTAGES UNDER THE PARTNERSHIP 
AGREEMENT. 
SECTION 199A AND SECTION 163(J): 
THIS PARTNERSHIP IS NOT ENGAGED IN A TRADE OR BUSINESS AS DEFINED 
UNDER I.R.C. SEC. 162. ADDITIONALLY, THIS PARTNERSHIP IS NOT INVESTED 
IN A FLOW-THROUGH ENTITY WITH ITEMS NECESSARY FOR ITS PARTNER'S 
CALCULATION OF EITHER SEC. 199A OR SEC. 163(J). THEREFORE, SEC. 199A 
IS NOT APPLICABLE. THE PARTNERSHIP DOES NOT HAVE ANY INTEREST EXPENSE 
ALLOCABLE TO A TRADE OR BUSINESS, THUS IT IS NOT SUBJECT TO INTEREST 
EXPENSE LIMITATIONS UNDERS SEC. 163(J). PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX 
ADVISOR. 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
FORM 8621 INFORMATION 
IF APPLICABLE, VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP HAS MADE TIMELY QUALIFIED 
ELECTING FUND (^QEV') ELECTION(S) WITH RESPECT TO ITS INVESTMENTS IN 
UNDERLYING PASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COMPANIES ( mPFIC"), EFFECTIVE 
FOR EACH YEAR OF OWNERSHIP, AND HAS FILED THE REQUIRED FORMS 8621 FOR 
ALL YEARS OF OWNERSHIP. THE DIRECT US SHAREHOLDER THAT HAS MADE A 
QEF ELECTION FOR A PFIC IS REQUIRED TO INCLUDE INCOME CURRENTLY UNDER 
IRC SECTION 1293, AND TO FILE FORM 8621. AS A PARTNER THAT HAS 
INVESTED IN A US PARTNERSHIP THAT HAS MADE THE QEF ELECTION AND FILED 
FORM 8621 (IF APPLICABLE), YOUR ALLOCABLE SHARE OF THIS INCOME IS NOT 
REQUIRED TO BE FURTHER REPORTED ON AN ADDITIONAL FORM 8621. THE 
SERVICE HAS REVISED THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR FORM 8621 TO FORMALLY 
CLARIFY THAT NO ADDITIONAL FORM 8621 REPORTING IS NECESSARY UNDER 
THESE FACTS. PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR. 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
FORM 8938 INFORMATION 
IN 2018, INDIVIDUALS AND CERTAIN DOMESTIC ENTITIES ARE REQUIRED TO 
REPORT THEIR DIRECT OR INDIRECT INVESTMENTS ON FORM 8938 IF A CERTAIN 
THRESHOLD IS MET. IF YOUR INTERESTS IN THE BELOW FOREIGN ENTITIES ARE 
ONLY THROUGH YOUR OWNERSHIP IN VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP, YOU DO NOT 
NEED TO INCLUDE THESE ENTITIES ON FORM 8938. HOWEVER, IF YOU HAVE ANY 
OTHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT INVESTMENTS IN THE FOREIGN ENTITIES NOTED 
BELOW, PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE YOUR FILING 
REQUIREMENTS. THE VALUE PROVIDED REPRESENTS THE VALUE OF THE ASSETS 
HELD BY VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP. YOU MUST DETERMINE YOUR PRO RATA 
SHARE ACCORDINGLY. 
OLINDA S.A.S 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
STOCK 
FEIN: 
FOREIGNUS 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 3 
009003 1.000 
3597LP 700W 
EFTA00810337
--- PAGE 6 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
81-1155894 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER II 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES (CONT'D) 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
BROLLY UK TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
BROLLY UK TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
N26 GMBH 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
COYA AG 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
SPACESHIP FINANCIAL SERVICES PTY LTD 
NO 
NO 
$42,306,859 
CORPORATION 
RUE DU SENTIER, 
PARIS,75002 
FRANCE 
STOCK 
FOREIGNUS 
NO 
NO 
$229,345 
CORPORATION 
125 CHARING CROSS ROAD, 
SOHO, 
LONDON WC2H OEW, 
UNITED KINGDOM 
CONVERTIBLE NOTES 
FOREIGNUS 
YES 2/26/2018 
NO 
$237,575 
CORPORATION 
125 CHARING CROSS ROAD, 
SOHO, 
LONDON WC2H OEW, 
UNITED KINGDOM 
STOCK 
FOREIGNUS 
NO 
NO 
$24,419,437 
CORPORATION 
KLOSTERSTRABE 62 
10179 BERLIN, 
GERMANY 
STOCK 
FOREIGNUS 
NO 
NO 
$7,927,383 
CORPORATION 
OHLAUER STR. 43 
10999 BERLIN, 
GERMANY 
009000 1.000 
3597LP 700W 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
STATEMENT 4 
EFTA00810338
--- PAGE 7 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
81-1155894 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER II 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
PARTNER FOOTNOTES (CONT'D) 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX YEAR: 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
SPACESHIP FINANCIAL SERVICES PTY LTD 
DESCRIPTION OF ASSET: 
FEIN: 
ASSET ACQUIRED DURING THE YEAR: 
ASSET DISPOSED DURING THE YEAR: 
MAXIMUM VALUE OF ASSET DURING TAX 
TYPE OF FOREIGN ENTITY: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
YEAR: 
STOCK 
FOREIGNUS 
YES 9/19/2018 
NO 
$599,550 
CORPORATION 
SUITE 4.02, 
KING STREET, 
SYDNEY NSW 2000, 
AUSTRALIA 
CONVERTIBLE NOTE 
FOREIGNUS 
NO 
YES 9/19/2018 
$599,550 
CORPORATION 
SUITE 4.02, 
KING STREET, 
SYDNEY NSW 2000, 
AUSTRALIA 
009000 1.000 
3597LP 700W 
STATEMENT 5 
EFTA00810339
--- PAGE 8 ---
NEW 
YORK 
STATE 
2018 
Department of Taxalion and Finance 
New York Corporate Partner's 
Schedule K-1 
Tax Lay/ - Article 9-A 
For calendar year 2018 or tax year beginning 
181 and ending 
IT-204-CP 
Final K-1 
Amended K-1 
Partners: Before completing your franchise tax return, see Form IT-204-CP-I. Partner's Instructions for Form IT-204-CP (available al wmv.tax.ny.gov). 
Partnership's Information 
Partnership's name (as shown on Form IT-204) 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III 
LP 
Partnership's EIN 
A Mark an X in the box if either applies to your entity 
El Publicly traded partnership a Portfolio investment partnership 
B Tax shelter registration number, if any 
Partner's Information (see instructions) 
Partners name 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Partners address 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
City 
ST. THOMAS 
C 
D 
The partner is a (matk an X 10 fat trttO/Mart UV 
Q 
Gene al partner or LLC member-manager 
What is the New York tax filing status of the partner? Mark an X in the appropriate box. It known ) 
C corporation 
S corporation 
Partnership 
Limited partner or other LLC member 
E If the partner is a disregarded entity, enter the EIN of the entity reporting the income of 
the partner (it known)  
F Did the partner sell its entire interest during the tax year? 
F Yes O
No 0 
O Partner's share of profit, loss, and capital 
Beginning 
Ending 
1) Profit 
34.1698 % 
34.1744 % 
2) Loss  
G2 
34.1698 % 
34.1744 % 
3) Capital 
G3 
34.1526 % 
34.1521 % 
H Partner's share of liabilities at the end of the year 
1) Nonrecourse  
HI 
2) Qualified nonrecourse financing  
H2 
3) Recourse  
H3 
State 
VI 
ZIP code 
00802 
Partners EIN 
I 
Partner's capital account analysis 
1) Beginning capital account  
 It 
2) Capital contributed during the year - cash 
3) Capital contributed during the year - property 
4) Current year increase (decrease) 
5) Withdrawals and distributions - cash 
6) Withdrawals and distributions - property 
7) Ending capital account  
8) Method of accounting (mark an X in the appropriate box) 
El Tax basis 
El 
GAAP El Book 
El Other (subnul explanation) 
117001183065 HEE 
16332775 
3750000 
-646464 
19436311 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810340
--- PAGE 9 ---
8Q35020 
Page 2 of 11 IT-204-CP (2018) 
100502 1.000 
J Was Form CT-2658-E filed with the partnership?  
J Yes K 
No 
K NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (from Form CT-2658) 
Date 
Amount 
1) First installment 
K1 
2) Second installment  
K2 
3) Third installment  
K3 
4) Fourth installment  
K4 
Total NYS estimated tax paid on behalf of partner (add Ones K1 through K4)  
L Was the partnership required to report any nonqualilied deferred compensation, as required by 
IRC § 457A, on its 2018 federal return? (see instructions)  
L Yes El 
No [TI 
Partner's share of entire net income (ENI) information when the corporate partner's New York tax filing 
status is a C corporation 
ENI addition modifications 
Total additions  
A- Number 
8- Amount 
A- Number 
8- Amount 
la EA-
Id EA-
1b 
EA-
le EA-
lc 
EA-
lf 
a-
ENI subtraction modifications 
Total subtractions  
A- Number 
8- Amount 
A- Number 
8-Amount 
2a 
ES-
2d ES - 
2b 
ES-
2e 
ES - 
2c 
ES-
2f ES - 
Partner's proportionate part of assets and liabilities (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Average value 
Total assets 
Real property and marketable securities included on line 3  
Real property and marketable securities at fair market value (NOV)  
Average value of adjusted total assets  
Total liabilities  
Liabilities directly attributable to business capital  
Liabilities directly attributable to investment capital  
117002183065 
II III 
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810341
--- PAGE 10 ---
6°8408030 
IT-204-CP (2018) Page 3 of 11 
Partner's proportionate pad of items related to investment capital under Article 9-A (for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Part 1 - Investment capital that generates income claimed not taxable by New York under the U.S. Constitution 
Description of asset (identity each asset, and enter number of shares (if applicable) and date acquired here: for each asset complete columns 
through G on the corresponding lines below: enter only directly owned assets in items A through F and Total from additional sheet(s)) 
For each item listed, in columns A through G, enter the information for the partnership as a whole. 
Item 
A- Description of asset 
0- Number of shares 
acquired, if appicable 
C- Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold, if applicable 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s)  
Total from partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
Part 2 - Investment capital - stocks actually held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding lines below: enter only directly owned investments in items A through F and Total from additional sheet(s)) 
For each item listed, in columns A through G, enter the information for the partnership as a whole. 
Item 
A- Name/CUSIP/CIN$Aot number 
B- Number of shares 
acquired 
C- Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s)  
Total from partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
III IIII III 'l I l 1 
003183065 
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810342
--- PAGE 11 ---
Page 4 of 11 IT-204-CP (2018) 
8Q35040 
8O35Oa 1.000 
Part 3 - Investment capital - stocks presumed held more than one year 
Description of investment (identify each investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete columns F 
and G on the corresponding lines below: enter only director owned investments in items A through F and Total from additional sheet(s)) 
For each item listed, in columns A through G, enter the information for the partnership as a whole. 
Item 
A- Name/CUSINCINS/lot number 
B- Number of shares acquired 
C- Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average 
FMV 
G 
Liabilities directly 
attributable 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s)  
Total from partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
Part 4 - Total investment capital 
Total average FMV and liabilities directly attributable 
(add lines TO, I I. am:112h columns Fend 0) . . . 
Part 5 - Prior year investment capital - stocks that d d not meet holding period requirement 
Description of investment (identity each investment. and enter number of shares and date acquired here: for each investment complete columns D 
through G on the corresponding tines below: enter only directly owned investments in items A through F and Total from additional sheet(s)) 
For each item listed, in columns A through G, enter the information for the partnership as a whole. 
Item 
A - Name/CUSINCINS4ot number 
- Number ol shares acquired 
C - Date acquired 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Item 
D 
Number of 
shares sold 
E 
Date sold 
F 
Average FMV 
as previously reported 
G 
Liabili es directly attributable 
as previously reported 
H 
Net average 
FMV 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total from additional sheet(s)  
Total from partnerships  
Total proportionate part of columns F 
and G (see instructions) 
_i_ 
117004183065 
III III III i 
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810343
--- PAGE 12 ---
sottiaBi5dat50 
IT-204-CP (2018) 
Page 5 of 11 
Part 6 - Prior year gross Investment Income for stocks that did not meet holding period requirement 
Prior year presumed gross investment income from stocks presumed in the prior year to 
be held more than one year that failed to meet the presumption (see inseuctions) 
Partner's share of items related to investment and other exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York 
C corporate partners only) 
Gross exempt cross-article dividends  
Gross exempt controlled foreign corporation (CFC) income 
Gross exempt unitary corporation dividends  
Gross investment income from investments generating income not taxable by New York 
State under the U.S. Constitution  
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks actually held more than one year 
Net capital gains or losses from investment capital from stocks actually held more 
than one year  
Dividend income from investment capital from stocks presumed held more than one year 
Partner's share of items related to interest deductions directly attributable to investment and other 
exempt income under Article 9-A (for New York C corporate partners only) 
Interest expense per federal Form 1065, line 15 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
Interest deductions directly 
attributable to income reported on line 16 
attributable to income reported on line 17 
attributable to income reported on line 18 
attributable to income reported on line 19 
attributable to income reported on line 20 
attributable to income reported on line 21 
attributable to income reported on line 22 
attributable to business capital 
28, 
29, 
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to subtraction modification for qualified banks 
Qualified residential loan portfolio assets 
Gross interest income from qualifying loans  
33a Gross interest income from all loans  
33b Gross interest expense from aU loans 
3b
Partner's share and proportionate part of items related to manufacturing 
Total receipts from the sale of goods by manufacturing  
34a Receipts received from the generation and distribution of electricity, the distribution of natural 
gas, and the production of steam associated with the generation of electricity 
Adjusted basis of qualified manufacturing property  
35a Number of employees employed in manufacturing in New York  
117005183065 
34a 
35a
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810344
--- PAGE 13 ---
8035060 
Page 6 of 11 IT-204-CP (2018) 
103506 1.000 
Partner's share of New York modifications (for New York S corporate partners only) 
New York State additions 
Number 
A— Total amount 
36a 
EA-
36b 
EA-
36c 
EA-
36d 
EA-
36e 
E A-
36f 
EA - 
Total addition modifications (total of column A. lines 36a through 360 
New York State subtractions 
Number 
A - Total amount 
38a 
E S - 
38b 
E S - 
36c 
E S - 
38d 
E S - 
38e 
E S - 
38f 
E S - 
Total subtraction modifications (total of column A. lines 38a through 380 
Additions to itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
40a 
40b 
40c 
40d 
40e 
40f 
Total additions to itemized deductions (add lines 40a through 400 
Subtractions from itemized deductions 
Letter 
Amount 
42a 
42b 
42c 
42d 
42e 
42f 
Total subtractions from itemized deductions (add lines 42a Through 420 
 43! 
117006183065 
III 
III 
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810345
--- PAGE 14 ---
8035500 
8O3550 1.000 
I7-204-CP (2018) Page 7 of 11 
Partner's share of income, deductions, etc. (from federal Form 1065, Schedule K-1) 
Partner's distributive share items 
I 
R 
S 
T 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
et rental real estate income (loss)  
Other net rental income (loss)  
uaranteed payments  
'Wrest income 
4162 
Ordinary dividends 
oyalties  
 _50 
et short-term capital gain (loss) 
 _51 
618 
et long-term capital gain (loss)  
 _52 
et section 1231 gain (loss) 
 _53 
Other income (loss) 
Identify: 
action 179 deduction 
 _55 
'ther deductions 
651244 
kloolifY: 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
ax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses 
 _57 
istributions - cash and marketable securities  
'stributions - other property 
 _59 
Other items not included above that are required to be reported separately to partners  
-640719 
Identity: 
SEE STATEMENT 1 
Partner's credit Information (see instructions) 
Part 1 - Flow-through credit bases and information 
Brownfield redevelopment tax credit (Form CT611. Form CT-611. , or Form CT-611.2) 
Site preparation credit component  
Tangible property credit component  
On-site groundwater remediation credit component  
A - Fenn CT-611 
- Form CT-611.1 
C - Form C1411.2 
EZ capital tax credit (Form CT-602) 
Recapture of credit for investments in certified EZ businesses 
Recapture of credit for contributions of money to EZ community development projects  
QEZE tax reduction credit (Form CT-604-CP) 
QEZE employment increase factor 
QEZE zone allocation factor  
OEZE benefit period factor 
Excelsior jobs program tax credit (Form CT-607) 
Excelsior jobs tax credit component 
Excelsior investment tax credit component 
Excelsior research and development tax credit component  
Excelsior real property tax credit component 
117007183065 
III III III i 
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810346
--- PAGE 15 ---
Page 8 of 11 rT-204-CP (2018) 
8Q35510 
800561 1.000 
Partners credit Information (continued) 
Farmers' school tax credit (Form CT-47) 
Acres of qualified agricultural property  
Acres of qualified conservation property  
Eligible school district property taxes paid  
Acres of qualified agricultural property converted to nonqualified use 
Other flow-through credit bases and Information 
Credit bases 
Code 
Amount 
recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
77a 
77d 
77b 
77e 
77c 
77f 
Credit information 
Code 
Information 
Code 
Information 
sift 
77j 
77k 
771 
Part 2 Flow-th ough credits, addbacks, and 
Flow-through credits 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
78a 
76e 
78b 
78f 
78c 
78g 
78d 
78h 
Addbacks of credits and recaptures 
Code 
Amount 
Code 
Amount 
79a 
79d 
79b 
79e 
79c 
79f 
Part 3 START-UP NY tax elimination credit information (Form CT-638) 
START-UP NY business certificate number (Form DTF-74)  
Year of START-UP NY business tax benefit period 
START-UP NY area allocation factor  
Partner's share of apportionment and Metropolitan Commuter Transportation D strict (MCTD) Information 
Part 1 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in New York State? (mark an X in the appropriate box) 
Yes K 
No K 
During the reporting year, did the partnership do business, employ capital, own or lease property, maintain 
an office, or derive receipts from activity, in the MCTD? (mark an X in the appropriate box) 
Yes K 
No K 
Average value of property 
Real estate owned 
Real estate rented  
Inventories owned  
Tangible personal property owned  
Tangible personal property rented 
117008183065 
A- MCTD 
B- New York State 
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810347
--- PAGE 16 ---
8Q35520 
BOSSS2 1.000 
IT-204-CP (2018) Page 9 of 11 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
Section 210-A.2 
Sales of tangible personal property  
Sales of electricity  
Net gains from sales of real property 
Section 210-A.3 
Rentals of real and tangible personal property . . .  
Royalties from patents, copyrights, trademarks, and 
similar intangible personal property 
Sales of rights for certain closed-circuit and cable 
TV transmissions of an event  
Section 210-A.4 
Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 
7a Sale, licensing, or granting access to digital products 
This line intentionally left blank  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(A) 
Interest from loans secured by real property  
Net gains from sales of loans secured by real properly . .   
Interest from loans not secured by real property K 
Net gains from sales of loans not secured by 
real properly K 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(B) K 
Interest from federal debt  
Interest from NYS and Its political subdonstons debt . . . .  15
Net gains from federal. NYS. and NYS polrlical Sub:In/1SiOAS debt .  
Interest from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Net gains from other states and their political 
subdivisions debt  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(C) K 
Interest from asset-backed securities and other 
government agency debt  
Net gains from government agency debt or 
asset-backed securities sold through an exchange . 
Net gains from all other asset-backed securities . . . 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(D) K 
Interest from corporate bonds 
Net gains from corporate bonds sold through 
broker/dealer or licensed exchange 
Net gains from other corporate bonds 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(E) 
Net interest from reverse repurchase and securities 
borrowing agreements  
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
7a 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(F) 
Net interest from federal funds  
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(I) K 
Net income from sales of physical commodities . . 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(J) K 
Marked to market net gains  
117009183065 
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810348
--- PAGE 17 ---
Page 10 of 11 IT-204-CP (2018) 
8Q35530 
BC135S3 1.000 
Part 2 
Receipts from: 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
C 
Everywhere 
Section 210-A.5(a)(2)(H)
210-A.5(a)(2)(G) 
Interest from other financial 
Net gains from othe 
30a Net gains from othe 
(broker/dealer/exchange) 
30b Other income from 
30c Other income from 
(broker/dealer/exchange) 
30d Dividends from stock 
30e Net gains from sales 
30f Net gains from sales 
financial 
financial 
other 
other 
that 
of 
of 
instruments  
instruments  
instruments 
financial instruments. . .  30b 
financial instruments 
is business capital 
stock that is business capital 
partnership interests 
30a 
30c 
30d 
30e 
30f 
Section 210-A.5(b) 
Brokerage commissions 
Margin interest earned on behalf of brokerage accounts 
Fees for advisory services for underwriting 
or management of underwriting  
Receipts from primary spread of selling concessions 
Receipts from account maintenance fees 
Fees for management or advisory services  
Interest from an affiliated corporation 
371 
Section 210-A.5(c) 
Interest, fees, and penalties from credit cards . . .  
Service charges and fees from credit cards 
Receipts from merchant discounts  
Receipts from credit card authorizations and 
settlement processing 
Other credit card processing receipts 
Section 2104.5(d) 
Receipts Irom certain services to Investment companies 
Section 210-A.6 
Receipts from railroad and trucking business 
Section 210-A.6-a 
Receipts from the operation of vessels 
Section 2104.7 
Receipts from air freight forwarding 
Receipts from other aviation services 
Section 2104.8 
Advertising in newspapers or periodicals 
Advertising on television or radio 
Advertising via other means 
Section 210-A.9 
Transportation or transmission of gas through pipes 51 
Section 2104.10 
Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a Receipts from other services/activities not specified 
52a 
117010183065 
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810349
--- PAGE 18 ---
soa8A383$4 O 
IT-204-CP (2018) 
Page 11 of 11 
Payroll 
A
MCTD 
B
New York State 
Wages and other compensation of employees except general executive officers. . . . 53 
Average number of individuals employed full time in New York State (excluding employees with 
partnership-wide authority)  
Gross proceeds or receipts from certain sales 
(for apportionment purposes) (see instructions) 
A 
MCTD 
B 
New York State 
c 
Everywhere 
Sales of loans secured by real property 
Sales of loans not secured by real property 
Sales of other asset-backed securities 
Sales of corporate bonds  
Sales of physical commodities 
Marked to market net gain or loss from deemed sales (for apportionment purposes) 
Of loans secured by real property 
Of loans not secured by real property 
Of federal debt instruments 
Of New York State and its political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of other states and their political subdivisions debt instruments 
Of government agency debt or asset-backed securities (through exchange)  
Of all other asset-backed securities  
Of corporate bonds through licensed exchange or broker/dealer 
Of other corporate bonds  
Of physical commodities 
Of other financial instruments of one type  
Items related to repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending agreements 
Value of reverse repurchase agreements when partnership is purchaser/lender 
Value of borrowing agreements when partnership is securities borrower 
Value of repurchase agreements when partnership is seller/borrower  
Value of lending agreements when partnership is securities lender 
Interest income from reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements 
Interest expense from repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements 
3597LP 
700W 
EFTA00810350
--- PAGE 19 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
IT 204-CP, PAGE 1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES 
ITEM I METHOD OF ACCOUNTING : OTHER 
(7048) 
PARTNER'S SHARE OF INCOME, DEDUCTIONS, ETC 
FEDERAL 
LINE 56 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
INVESTMENT INTEREST EXPENSE 
6363 
OTHER DED INCL IN ITEM L, CURRENT YR INCREASE 
644881 
TOTAL OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
651244 
FEDERAL 
LINE 60 - OTHER ITEMS 
INVESTMENT INCOME 
4162 
LESS: INVESTMENT EXPENSE 
644881 
TOTAL OTHER ITEMS 
-640719 
STATEMENT 1 
BXX063 1.003 
3597LP 700W 
EFTA00810351

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810352.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valar Global Fund III LP 
Unaudited Financial Statements 
March 31, 2018 
VALAR 
EFTA00810352
--- PAGE 2 ---
Valar Global Fund HI LP 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities, and Partners' Capital 
March 31, 2018 
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
879,320 
Investments, at fair value (cost $52,001,076) 
84,152,228 
Interest receivable 
8,896 
Total assets 
$ 
85,040,444 
Partners' Capital 
Contributions 
$ 
56,362,460 
Syndication costs 
(139,155) 
Net operating loss 
(3,334,013) 
Net unrealized gain 
32,151,152 
Total partners capital 
85,040,444 
Total liabilities and partners' capital 
$ 
85.040.444 
EFTA00810353
--- PAGE 3 ---
Valar Global Fund III LP 
Statement of Operations 
January I, 2018 through March 31, 2018 
Income 
Interest income 
2,096 
Expenses 
Gross management fee 
403,283 
Management fee reduction for syndication costs 
(31,500)
Net management fee 
371,783 
Professional fees 
75,285 
General and administrative 
24,207 
Total expenses 
471,275 
Net operating loss 
(469,179) 
Net change in unrealized appreciation 
in fair value of investments 
6,910,798 
Net increase in partners' capital 
resulting from operations 
$ 
6,441.619 
EFTA00810354
--- PAGE 4 ---
Vida,- Global Fund III LP 
Schedule of Investments 
Match 31. 2018 
Company 
Shares 
Cost 
Fair Value 
Unrealized 
Gaminess) 
Stash Financial. Inc. 
SenesB Named Shares 
1.647219 
S 10.200.000 
S 24.304.309 
S 14.104.309 
Series A Preferred Shams 
693329 
1.937.997 
10.229,123 
8.291,126 
Series C Preferred Shares 
217.494 
2.692.576 
3.207,902 
515.326 
Series D Pretested Shares 
46.103 
679,991 
679,991 
Octane Lending. Inc. 
Series A-Ill Convertible Preferred Stock 
1262226 
8.473.658 
8.473.658 
Common Stock 
129.127 
516308 
700.397 
183.889 
Coss AG 
Series A Preferred Shares 
11.914 
4.422.963 
8.514./// 
4.113,259 
Olinda S.A.S Okra Qonto/ 
Series A ()alma!). Shares 
26.165 
5.378.771 
6.255.352 
876.581 
Series Seed Ordinary Shares 
6.351 
344346 
1318.354 
1.173,808 
N26 GmbH 
Preferred B Shams 
1.098 
4.114.464 
6.930.282 
2.595,818 
Petal Card. Inc. 
Series A Preferred Shares 
4.485.326 
5.405.889 
5.647.025 
241.136 
Common Stock 
18.100 
70332 
98.328 
27.796 
Jetty National. Inc. 
Series A Preferred Shares 
2.315.145 
5.505351 
5.505251 
Spaceship Financial Services Pty Ltd 
Convertible Notes 
521.876 
521.376 
500 
Brolly UK Technology Limited 
Series Seed Preferred Shares 
592.449 
210.580 
238,184 
27,604 
Convertible Notes 
237375 
237.575 
Seed Platform. Inc. 
Simple Agreement fa Hawse Equity 
340.000 
340.400 
Simple. Inc. 
Simple Agreement fa Fbuite Equity 
217.600 
217.600 
Peak Ventures Fund IL.. 
Limited Partnership Intetests 
204.000 
204.000 
Minor Al Inc. 
Convertible Notes 
170.0O) 
170.000 
Andutil Industries. Inc. 
Series Seed Preferred Stock 
123.143 
68.000 
68.0:0 
Brat Inc. 
Series Seed Preferred Stock 
83.563 
67.999 
67,999 
Taal Investments 
S 52.001.076 
S 84.152.228 
S 32.151.152 
EFTA00810355

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810356.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
Valor Global Fund III LP Capital Call 
May 31, 2018 
Dear Southern Trust Company, Inc., 
Thank you again for your partnership in Valor Global Fund III LP (the Fund). The Fund is calling 
capital from you in the amount of $1,750,000.00, which represents 7% of your total commitment 
of $25.000.000.00. This capital contribution is due on or before Thursday, June 14, 2018. 
After this capital contribution, you will have contributed 84% of your total commitment with a 
remaining 16% of total unfunded commitment, which is detailed below. 
Total Commitment: 
Total Contributions as of June 14, 2018: 
Total Unfunded Commitment: 
$25,000,000.00 
$21,000,000.00 
$4,000.000.00 
Please wire your funds in accordance with the following instructions: 
Due Date: 
Amount Due: 
Bank Name: 
ABA#: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Thursday, June 14. 2018 
$1,750.000.00 
Silicon Valley Bank 
Valor Global Fund III LP 
If you should have any questions regarding this information, please feel free to contact me at 
Sincerely, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
COO/CFO 
Valor Ventures LLC 91 S Bloodwoy Suite 1101 New York, New York 10010 www.volor.com 
EFTA00810356

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810357.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
Vt.NTulttU 
Valor Global Fund III LP Capital Call 
April 18, 2017 
Dear Southern Trust Company, Inc., 
Thank you again for your partnership in Valor Global Fund III LP (the Fund). The Fund is calling 
capital from you in the amount of $3,000,000.00, which represents 12% of your total commitment 
of $25,000,000.00. This capital contribution is due on or before Friday May 5, 2017. 
After this capital contribution, you will have contributed 43% of your total commitment with a 
remaining 57% of total unfunded commitment, which is detailed below. 
Total Commitment: 
Total Contributions as of May 5, 2017: 
Total Unfunded Commitment: 
$25,000,000.00 
$10,750,000.00 
$14,250,000.00 
Please wire your funds in accordance with the following instructions: 
Due Date: 
Amount Due: 
Bank Name: 
ABA#: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Friday May 5, 2017 
$3,000,000.00 
Silicon Valley Bank 
Valor Global Fund III LP 
If you should have any questions regarding this information, please feel free to contact me at 
Sincerely, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
COO/CFO 
Valor Ventures LLC 919 Broadway SUiiS 1101 New York, New York 10010 www.volor.com 
EFTA00810357

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810358.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
VLNYUNLU 
Valor Global Fund III LP Capital Call 
July 20, 2017 
Dear Southern Trust Company. Inc., 
Thank you again for your partnership in Valor Global Fund III LP (the Fund). The Fund is calling 
capital from you in the amount of $4,250.000.00, which represents 17% of your total commitment 
of $25,000.000.00. This capital contribution is due on or before Thursday August 3, 2017. 
After this capital contribution, you will have contributed 60% of your total commitment with a 
remaining 40% of total unfunded commitment, which is detailed below. 
Total Commitment: 
Total Contributions as of August 3, 2017: 
Total Unfunded Commitment: 
$25,000,000.00 
$15,000,000.00 
$10,000,000.00 
Please wire your funds in accordance with the following instructions: 
Due Date: 
Amount Due: 
Bank Name: 
ABA#: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Thursday August 3, 2017 
$4.250.000.00 
Silicon Valley Bank 
Valor Global Fund III LP 
If you should have any questions regarding this information, please feel free to contact me at 
Sincerely, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
COO/CFO 
Valor Ventures LLC 915 Bloodwoy SUNS 1101 New York, New York 10010 www.volor.com 
EFTA00810358

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810359.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
Valor Global Fund III LP Capital Call 
October 10. 2017 
Dear Southern Trust Company, Inc., 
Thank you again for your partnership in Valor Global Fund III LP (the Fund). The Fund is calling 
capital from you in the amount of $2,250,000.00, which represents 9% of your total commitment 
of $25,000,000.00. This capital contribution is due on or before Friday, October 20. 2017. 
After this capital contribution, you will have contributed 69% of your total commitment with a 
remaining 31% of total unfunded commitment, which is detailed below. 
Total Commitment: 
Total Contributions as of October 20, 2017: 
Total Unfunded Commitment: 
$25,000,000.00 
$17,250,000.00 
$7,750,000.00 
Please wire your funds in accordance with the following instructions: 
Due Date: 
Amount Due: 
Bank Name: 
ABA#: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Friday, October 20, 2017 
$2.250.000.00 
Silicon Valley Bank 
Valor Global Fund III LP 
If you should have any questions regarding this information, please feel free to contact me at 
Sincerely, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
COO/CFO 
Valor Ventures LLC 915 Broadway SUNS 1101 New York, New York 10010 www.volor.eom 
EFTA00810359

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810360.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
Valor Global Fund III LP Capital Call 
January 3, 2018 
Dear Southern Trust Company, Inc., 
Thank you again for your partnership in Valor Global Fund III LP (the Fund). The Fund is calling 
capital from you in the amount of $1,500,000.00, which represents 6% of your total commitment 
of $25.000.000.00. This capital contribution is due on or before Wednesday, January 17. 2018. 
After this capital contribution, you will have contributed 75% of your total commitment with a 
remaining 25% of total unfunded commitment, which is detailed below. 
Total Commitment: 
Total Contributions as of January 17, 2018: 
Total Unfunded Commitment: 
$25,000,000.00 
$18,750,000.00 
$6,250,000.00 
Please wire your funds in accordance with the following instructions: 
Due Date: 
Amount Due: 
Bank Name: 
ABA#: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Wednesday, January 17. 2018 
$1.500.000.00 
Silicon Valley Bank 
Valor Global Fund III LP 
If you should have any questions regarding this information, please feel free to contact me at 
Sincerely, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
COO/CFO 
Valor Ventures LLC 915 Broadway Suite 1101 New York, New York 10010 www.volor.com 
EFTA00810360

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810361.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
Valor Global Fund III LP Capital Call 
February 14, 2018 
Dear Southern Trust Company, Inc., 
Thank you again for your partnership in Valor Global Fund III LP (the Fund). The Fund is calling 
capital from you in the amount of $500,000.00, which represents 2% of your total commitment of 
$25,000,000.00. This capital contribution is due on or before Thursday. March 1, 2018. 
After this capital contribution, you will have contributed 77% of your total commitment with a 
remaining 23% of total unfunded commitment, which is detailed below. 
Total Commitment: 
Total Contributions as of March 1, 2018: 
Total Unfunded Commitment: 
$25,000,000.00 
$19,250,000.00 
$5,750,000.00 
Please wire your funds in accordance with the following instructions: 
Due Date: 
Amount Due: 
Bank Name: 
ABA#: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Thursday, March 1 2018 
$500.000.00 
Silicon Valley Bank 
Valor Global Fund III LP 
If you should have any questions regarding this information, please feel free to contact me at 
Sincerely, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
COO/CFO 
Valor Ventures LLC 915 Broadway Suite 1101 New York, New York 10010 www.volor.eom 
EFTA00810361

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810362.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR GLOBAL FUND IV LP 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE 
Your investment in Valar Global Fund IV LP (the "Fund") can only be made by means of the 
completion, delivery and acceptance of the subscription documents in this package. 
Please complete and submit the following documents: 
o 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE: Complete all requested 
information in this Subscription Agreement and Investor Questionnaire and date and sign the 
signature page. 
o IRS FORM W-9 OR FORM W-8: Complete and sign IRS Form W-9 or the applicable Form W-8 
to certify your tax identification number or status. 
Valar Ventures GP IV LLC (the "General Partner") reserves the right to request any additional 
documentation necessary to verify your identity or otherwise complete the review process. The Fund and 
the General Partner shall be held harmless by any such prospective limited partner against any loss arising 
as a result of a failure to provide any requested documentation. 
We take precautions to maintain the privacy of personal information concerning current and prospective 
individual investors. For more information, please refer to our Privacy Policy attached as ExIIIBIT E. 
THE OFFERING OF SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT HAS NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR UNDER ANY SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THIS OFFERING IS MADE PURSUANT TO 
RULE 506 OF REGULATION D UNDER SECTION 4(AX2) OF THE SECURITIES ACT, WHICH 
EXEMPT FROM SUCH REGISTRATION TRANSACTIONS NOT INVOLVING A PUBLIC 
OFFERING. FOR THIS REASON, THESE SECURITIES WILL BE SOLD ONLY TO INVESTORS 
WHO MEET CERTAIN MINIMUM SUITABILITY QUALIFICATIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN. 
AN INVESTOR SHOULD BE PREPARED TO BEAR THE ECONOMIC RISK OF AN INVESTMENT 
IN THE FUND FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME BECAUSE THE PARTNERSHIP 
INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE LAWS OF 
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, THEREFORE, CANNOT BE SOLD UNLESS THEY ARE 
SUBSEQUENTLY REGISTERED OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. 
THERE IS NO OBLIGATION ON THE ISSUER TO REGISTER THE PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. TRANSFER 
OF THE PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS IS ALSO RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT RELATING THERETO. 
PROSPECTIVE FOREIGN INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL 
REGARDING WHETHER OR NOT TO INVEST IN THE FUND. IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF 
ANY PERSON OR ENTITY WISHING TO PURCHASE AN INTEREST TO SATISFY HIMSELF, 
HERSELF OR ITSELF AS TO THE FULL OBSERVANCE OF THE LAWS OF ANY RELEVANT 
TERRITORY OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH 
PURCHASE, INCLUDING OBTAINING ANY REQUIRED GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER 
CONSENTS OR OBSERVING ANY OTHER APPLICABLE FORMALITIES. 
EFTA00810362
--- PAGE 2 ---
In_
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND IV LP 
Investor Information 
Legal Investor Name 
Mailing Address Line #1 
Mailing Address Line #2 
City State ZIP Country 
Street Address Line #1 (if different) 
Street Address Line #2 (if different) 
City State ZIP Country 
Phone 
Fax 
Primary Email 
State and Country of Organization (entities only) 
Principal Place of Business (entities only) 
State and Country of Residency (individuals) 
Wire and Check Delivery Instructions for Distributions 
Please provide wire and/or check delivery instructions for the transfer of any payments due from the 
Fund. These instructions must be provided at account inception. The Investor may change these wire 
instructions but may be required to provide an appropriate signature guarantee by a qualified financial 
institution (note that a signature guarantee is different than a notarized signature). 
Bank: 
Bank Address:  
Telephone Number of Bank: 
9-Digit ABA:  
SWIFT: 
Account Name: 
Account Number: 
FFC Account Name: (if applicable): 
FFC Account Number: (if applicable): 
Reference / Attention (if applicable): 
EFTA00810363
--- PAGE 3 ---
To be completed by investors with assets held at an offshore bank: 
Correspondent Bank: 
Correspondent ABA: 
Correspondent SWIFT: 
Correspondent Account Number: 
Correspondent Misc. Details: 
Instructions for Physical Check Delivery (if preferred) 
Payee Name 
Payee Address  
Special Instructions 
Primary Contact (1) 
The following individual will receive all correspondence listed below, and is fully authorized to update 
and change ownership information, provide instructions, and address procedural questions regarding the 
Interest. 
Contact Name 
Company Name (if applicable) 
Title (if applicable) 
Mailing Address (if different from Investor) 
City State ZIP 
Street Address (if different from Investor) 
City State ZIP 
Phone 
Fax 
Email 
Relationship to Investor 
EFTA00810364
--- PAGE 4 ---
Other Interested Parties 
Name (2) 
Title 
Mailing Address 
City State ZIP 
Phone 
Name (3) 
Title 
Mailing Address 
City State ZIP 
Phone 
Name (4) 
Title 
Mailing Address 
City State ZIP 
Phone 
Street Address (if different) 
City State ZIP 
Relationship 
Fax 
Email 
Street Address (if different) 
City State ZIP 
Relationship 
Fax 
Email 
Street Address (if different) 
City State ZIP 
Relationship 
Fax 
Email 
Please indicate below the appropriate correspondence for each party listed above. 
Contact 
Financial 
Reports 
Capital 
Call 
Notices 
Cash 
Distribution 
Notices 
Stock 
Distribution 
Notices 
K-1 and 
Tax 
Reporting 
General 
Notices 
*Stock 
Distribution
Contact 
**Fully 
Authorized 
(1) 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
Key 
* Stock Distribution Contact = Person(s) to be called by the distributing broker upon distribution of 
Securities. 
** Fully Authorized = Authorized to update contact info, add/remove parties to the account, and change 
ownership information, such as wiring instructions. 
PLEASE NOTE: If copies of correspondence, periodic reports, capital calls, distribution notices, tax 
information, etc. should be provided to additional parties, please provide specific instructions and 
complete contact information as noted above (or separately). Please note that if any information is 
requested to be delivered to a party other than the Limited Partner, the General Partner will retain sole and 
absolute discretion over whether such additional party may receive the information, and such additional 
party may be required to execute a nondisclosure agreement in connection therewith. Also note that the 
General Partner will eventually need wire and check delivery instructions for the transfer of any payments 
due from the Fund. If such information is not provided at account inception, the General Partner will 
request such information after the closing. 
EFTA00810365
--- PAGE 5 ---
Investor Type. The Interest will be held under the following type of ownership / structure [Please check 
all applicable boxesj: 
K Individual K Joint Individuals K Limited Liability Company K Limited Partnership 
K Revocable Trust with 
grantors K Irrevocable Trust K IRA / Keogh / SEP 
K C Corporation K Tax-Exempt Organization K S Corporation K General Partnership 
K Employee Benefit Plan K ERISA Partner K Estate K Nominee K Foreign Government Entity 
K U.S. State or Municipal Government Entities K Pension Plan K Fund of Funds 
K Insurance Company K Investment Company Registered with SEC K Broker-Dealer 
K Private Fund K Bank Holding Company K Private Foundation K 501(cX3) 
K Government Pension Plan K Foreign Investor K Other 
1. Accredited Investor Status. The Investor is an "accredited investor" (within the meaning of Rule 501 
under the Securities Act). Please see the definition of "accredited investor" in EXHIBIT A. 
K Yes 
K No 
2. Qualified Client Status. The Investor is a "qualified client" (within the meaning of Rule 205-3 under 
the Advisers Act). Please see the definition of "qualified client" in EXHIBIT B. 
K Yes 
K No 
3. Qualified Purchaser Status. The Investor is a "qualified purchase?' (within the meaning of Section 
2(a)(51) under the Companies Act). Please see the definition of "qualified purchase?' in EXHIBIT C. 
K Yes 
K No 
4. Investment Company Act Matters. If the Investor is an Entity (including a trust), is the Investor 
either (a) an "investment company" under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended (the "Companies Act"), or (b) relying on either Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 
Companies Act to be excepted from the definition of "investment company" as defined in Section 3(a) of 
the Companies Act.' 
K No 
K Yes, the Investor relies on Section 3(c)(1) of the Companies Act 
K Yes, the Investor relies on Section 3(c)(7) of the Companies Act 
K Yes, the Investor is an investment company 
I See definitions in EXHIBIT D hereto. 
EFTA00810366
--- PAGE 6 ---
If the Investor relies on either Section 3(c)(I) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Companies Act, in order to 
accurately count the number of beneficial owners of the Fund, please specify the number of beneficial 
owners of the outstanding securities (other than short-term paper) of the Investor and any existing or 
prospective limited partners of the Fund that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with 
the Investor (such other limited partners referred to as "Affiliated Investors"): 
[Insert Number] 
The Investor further represents and warrants that neither the Investor nor any Affiliated Investor has been 
structured or operated for the purpose of circumventing the registration requirements of the Companies 
Act. 
5. Written Disclosure Exceptions. 
If the Investor has information or an exception to disclose to the General Partner in accordance 
with paragraph 5(a) of this Agreement (e.g., ERISA status, FOIA disclosures, an SPV created to 
invest in the Fund, AIFMD matters, etc.), please describe below or attach additional pages: 
EFTA00810367
--- PAGE 7 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND 
INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE as of the date written below. 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTOR: 
ENTITY INVESTOR: 
(Signature) 
(Legal Name of Entity) 
By: 
Name: 
Date: 
Title: 
Date: 
(Print Name) 
CAPITAL COMMITMENT: $ 
EFTA00810368
--- PAGE 8 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE 
ACCEPTANCE PAGE 
(To Be Completed by the General Partner) 
By its execution of this Acceptance Page, the General Partner and the Fund hereby accept the foregoing 
subscription on the terms set forth in this Subscription Agreement and Investor Questionnaire either for 
(a) the Capital Commitment set forth below or (b) if the Capital Commitment below is left blank, the 
Investor's Capital Commitment amount shall be as set forth on the Investor's signature page to this 
Subscription Agreement and Investor Questionnaire, and by such acceptance admits the Investor as a 
Limited Partner, and binds itself and the Investor to the terms of the Partnership Agreement and this 
Subscription Agreement and Investor Questionnaire. 
Capital Commitment: $ 
SUBSCRIPTION ACCEPTED: 
Accepted on: 
GENERAL PARTNER: 
VALAR VENTURES GP IV LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: Managing Member 
FUND: 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND IV LP 
By: Valar Ventures GP IV LLC 
Its: General Partner 
By: 
Name: 
Title: Managing Member 
EFTA00810369
--- PAGE 9 ---
This SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE (this "Agreement") is entered into 
by and among Valar Ventures GP IV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "General 
Partner"), Valar Global Fund IV LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Fund"), and the investor 
identified on the signature page hereto (the "Investor") in connection with the Investor's purchase of a 
limited partner interest (the "Interest") in the Fund, and admission of the Investor as a Limited Partner 
pursuant to the terms of the Fund's Limited Partnership Agreement, as it may be amended from time to 
time (the "Partnership Agreement"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have 
the meanings given to them in the Partnership Agreement. 
The Investor subscribes for an Interest, and the General Partner, the Fund, and the Investor hereby 
agree as follows: 
1. 
Subscription for a Limited Partner Interest. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Investor agrees (a) to 
purchase from the Fund the Interest at a purchase price equal to 100% of the amount set 
forth on the Investor's signature page hereto on the line captioned "Capital Commitment" 
or such lesser amount as the General Partner may accept pursuant to paragraph 3(b) of 
this Agreement (the Investor's "Capital Commitment"), payable in the manner and at the 
times provided in the Partnership Agreement, (b) to become a party to, and be bound by 
all the terms and provisions of, the Partnership Agreement and to perform all obligations 
therein imposed upon a Limited Partner with respect to the Interest and (c) to become a 
Limited Partner of the Fund. 
(b) 
The Investor agrees to contribute, in installments, an aggregate amount equal to the 
Investor's Capital Commitment pursuant to the terms of, and at the times required by, the 
Partnership Agreement. (All references herein are to United States Dollars.) 
All 
payments of the Investor's Capital Commitment shall be made by wire transfer pursuant 
to instructions provided by the General Partner prior to the due date of such payments. 
The Investor understands that, except as otherwise provided in the Partnership 
Agreement, the Investor may not make less than the full amount of any required capital 
contribution or return less than the total amount of distributions required to be returned, 
and that default provisions with respect thereto, pursuant to which the Investor may suffer 
substantial adverse consequences (including, but not limited to, the loss of its entire 
investment in the Fund), are contained in the Partnership Agreement. 
2. 
Adoption. If the Investor is accepted as a Limited Partner pursuant to paragraph 3 below, the 
Investor hereby agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Partnership Agreement 
(whether or not such Investor has signed the Partnership Agreement) and to perform all 
obligations imposed upon a Limited Partner with respect to the Interest. 
3. 
Acceptance of Subscription; Delivery of Partnership Agreement. The Investor understands 
and agrees that this subscription is made subject to the following terms and conditions: 
(a) 
The General Partner shall have the right to review the suitability of any person desiring to 
purchase an Interest and, in connection with such review, to waive such suitability 
standards as to such person as the General Partner deems appropriate under applicable 
law; 
(b) 
The General Partner shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to reject this subscription, 
in whole or in part, and the subscription shall be deemed to be accepted only when the 
EFTA00810370
--- PAGE 10 ---
Investor has been admitted to the Fund as a Limited Partner (i.e., Limited Partner's 
subscription was accepted by the General Partner); 
(c) 
The General Partner shall have no obligation to accept subscriptions in the order 
received; 
(d) 
The Investor hereby requests and authorizes the General Partner to enter the Investor's 
name in the books and records of the Fund as a holder of the Interest; 
(e) 
The Interest to be created on account of this subscription shall be created only in the 
name of the Investor, and the Investor agrees to comply with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement and to execute any and all further documents necessary in connection with 
becoming a Limited Partner of the Fund; and 
(0 
The Investor hereby undertakes in respect of the Interest that the Investor (i) shall comply 
with the restrictions on transfer of the Interest contained in the Partnership Agreement; 
and (ii) understands that upon a default of the Investor's capital contribution obligations 
to the Fund, the Interest may, among other consequences, be subject to forfeiture in 
accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
4. 
Conditions to Closing. The Fund's obligations hereunder are subject to acceptance by the 
General Partner of the Investor's subscription and to the fulfillment, prior to or at the time of 
closing, of each of the following conditions: 
(a) 
The representations and warranties of the Investor contained in this Agreement and the 
Partnership Agreement shall be true and correct at the time of closing; and 
(b) 
All proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and all 
documents and instruments incident to such transactions shall be satisfactory in substance 
and form to the General Partner, the Fund and Cooley LLP, legal counsel to the Fund 
("Fund Counsel"), and the General Partner, the Fund or Fund Counsel shall have 
received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as 
the General Partner may request. 
5. 
Investor's Representations. In connection with the Investor's purchase of the Interest, the 
Investor makes the following representations and warranties on which the General Partner, the 
Fund and Fund Counsel are entitled to rely: 
(a) 
Except as otherwise disclosed in writing to the General Partner in this Agreement prior to 
the acceptance by the General Partner of the Investor's subscription: 
(0 
To the best of the Investor's knowledge, the Investor does not control, nor is it 
controlled by, or under common control with, any other Limited Partner of the 
Fund. 
(ii) 
If an entity, the Investor has made investments prior to the date hereof or intends 
to make investments in the near future. If the Investor is an entity that has 
beneficial owners (as applicable), each beneficial owner of interests in the 
Investor has and will share in the same proportion of each such investment. 
EFTA00810371
--- PAGE 11 ---
(iii) 
If an entity, the Investor's investment in the Fund will not constitute more than 
forty percent (40%) of the Investor's assets (including for this purpose any 
committed capital for an Investor that is an investment fund). The term 
"committed capital" includes all amounts which have been contributed to the 
Investor by its shareholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners plus 
all amounts which such persons remain obligated to contribute to the Investor. 
(iv) 
If the Investor is an entity that has beneficial owners (as applicable), the 
governing documents of the Investor require that each beneficial owner of the 
Investor, including, but not limited to, shareholders, partners and beneficiaries, 
participate through such beneficial owner's interest in the Investor in all of the 
Investor's investments and that the profits and losses from each such investment 
are shared among such beneficial owners in the same proportions as all other 
investments of the Investor. No such beneficial owner may vary such beneficial 
owner's share of the profits and losses or the amount of such beneficial owner's 
contribution for any investment made by the Investor. 
(v) 
If an entity, the Investor was not organized or recapitalized (and is not to be 
recapitalized) for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
The term 
"recapitalized" shall include new investments made in the Investor solely for the 
purpose of financing its acquisition of the Interest and not made pursuant to a 
prior financial commitment. 
(vi) 
The Investor does not have, in purchasing an Interest, a principal purpose of 
permitting the Fund to satisfy the 100-partner limitation contained in Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(1) and, to the best of the Investor's knowledge, 
no owner of a beneficial interest in the Investor has such a purpose. 
(vil) 
The Investor is not an "employee benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of 
ERISA, that is subject to the provisions of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA, a "plan," as 
defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, that is subject to Section 4975 of the 
Code, or an entity that is deemed to be a "benefit plan investor" under the U.S. 
Department of Labor final plan assets regulation, 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101, as 
amended (the "Regulation") and as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
(viii) 
The following representations are included with the intention of enabling the 
Fund to qualify for the benefit of a "safe harbor" under Treasury Regulations 
from treatment of the Fund as an entity subject to corporate income tax. Either: 
(1) 
The Investor is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or 
(2) 
The Investor is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but (1) at no time during the term 
of the Fund will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial owner's 
direct or indirect interest in the Investor be attributable to the Investor's 
interests in the Fund, (2) less than 65% of the value of the Investor is 
attributable to the Investor's interests in the Fund, and (3) permitting the 
Fund to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-
1(h)(1)(ii) of the Treasury Regulations is not a principal purpose of any 
EFTA00810372
--- PAGE 12 ---
beneficial owner of the Investor in investing in the Fund through the 
Investor. 
If the Investor is unable to make either of such representations, the Investor 
hereby agrees to provide the General Partner, prior to the effective date of the 
purchase of the Interest, with evidence (including opinions of counsel, if 
requested) satisfactory in form and substance to the General Partner relating to 
the status of the Fund under Section 7704 of the Code. Further, if at any time 
after the effective date of the purchase of the Interest the Investor can no longer 
make either of such representations, the Investor shall promptly notify in writing 
the General Partner. 
(ix) 
Neither the Investor nor any of its Beneficial Ownersi has been subject to any 
Regulation D Rule 506(d) disqualifying event as defined below and is not subject 
to any proceeding or event that could result in any such disqualifying event 
("Disqualifying Event"). The following representations apply to the Investor as 
well as each direct and indirect owner of the Investor that would own twenty 
percent (20%) or more of the Fund's Interests if such owner were a direct limited 
partner in the Fund (each a "Significant Owner"). By way of example only, if 
the Investor owns 40% of the Fund's Interests, the Investor would have a 
Significant Owner if one of the Investor's beneficial owners owns 50% or more 
of the outstanding equity of the Investor. Each of the enumerated instances 
below is a "Disqualifying Event." The Investor or any Beneficial Owner has 
been subject to a Disqualifying Event if such person: 
(1) 
Has been convicted within ten years of the date hereof of any felony or 
misdemeanor (i) in connection with the purchase or sale of any security, 
(ii) involving the making of any false filing with the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC') or (iii) arising out of the conduct of 
the business of an underwriter, broker, dealer, municipal securities 
dealer, investment adviser or paid solicitor of purchasers of securities; 
(2) 
Is subject to any order, judgment or decree of any court of competent 
jurisdiction entered within five years of the date hereof that presently 
restrains or enjoins such person from engaging or continuing to engage 
in any conduct or practice (i) in connection with the purchase or sale of 
any security, (ii) involving the making of any false filing with the SEC or 
(iii) arising out of the conduct of the business of an underwriter, broker, 
dealer, municipal securities dealer, investment adviser or paid solicitor of 
purchasers of securities; 
(3) 
Is subject to a final order of a state securities commission (or an agency 
or officer of a state performing like functions); a state authority that 
supervises or examines banks, savings associations or credit unions; a 
state insurance commission (or an agency or officer of a state performing 
like functions); an appropriate federal banking agency; the U.S. 
"Beneficial Owner" means an individual or entity who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, 
understanding, relationship or otherwise has or shares, or is deemed to have or share: (I) voting power, which includes the power 
to vote, or to direct the voting of, the Interest; andfor (2) investment power, which includes the power to dispose, or to direct the 
disposition of, the Interest, as determined consistent with Rule 13d-3 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 
"Exchange Act'). 
EFTA00810373
--- PAGE 13 ---
Commodity Futures Trading Commission; or the National Credit Union 
Administration that (i) as of the date hereof, bars such person from (A) 
association with an entity regulated by such commission, authority, 
agency or officer, (B) engaging in the business of securities, insurance or 
banking or (C) engaging in savings association or credit union activities 
or (ii) constitutes a final order based on a violation of any law or 
regulation that prohibits fraudulent, manipulative or deceptive conduct 
entered within ten years of the date hereof; 
(4) 
Is subject to any order of the SEC pursuant to Section 15(b) or 15B(c) of 
the Exchange Act or Section 203(e) or (f) of the Investment Advisers Act 
that as of the date hereof (i) suspends or revokes such person's 
registration as a broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer or investment 
adviser, (ii) places limitations on the activities, functions or operations of 
such person or (iii) bars such person from being associated with any 
entity or from participating in the offering of any penny stock; 
(5) 
Is subject to any order of the SEC entered within five years of the date 
hereof that presently orders such person to cease and desist from 
committing or causing a violation or future violation of CO any scienter-
based anti-fraud provision of the federal securities laws or (ii) Section 5 
of the Securities Act; 
(6) 
Is, as of the date hereof, suspended or expelled from membership in, or 
suspended or barred from association with a member of, a registered 
national securities exchange or a registered national or affiliated 
securities association for any act or omission to act constituting conduct 
inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade; 
(7) 
Has filed (as a registrant or issuer), or was or was named as an 
underwriter in, any registration statement or Regulation A offering 
statement filed with the SEC that, within five years of the date hereof, 
was the subject of a refusal order, stop order or order suspending the 
Regulation A exemption, or is presently the subject of an investigation or 
proceeding to determine whether a stop order or suspension order should 
be issued; or 
(8) 
Is subject to a United States Postal Service false representation order 
entered within five years of the date hereof or is presently subject to a 
temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction with respect to 
conduct alleged by the United States Postal Service to constitute a 
scheme or device for obtaining money or property through the mail by 
means of false representations. 
(9) 
To the best of the Investor's knowledge, neither the Investor nor any 
Beneficial Owner or Significant Owner is currently the subject of any 
threatened or pending investigation, proceeding, action or other event 
that, if adversely determined, would give rise to any of the events 
described in clauses (1)-(8) above. 
EFTA00810374
--- PAGE 14 ---
(x) 
The Investor will immediately notify the General Partner in writing if the 
Investor or any of its Beneficial Owners become subject to a Disqualifying Event 
at any date after the date hereof. In the event that the Investor or any Beneficial 
Owner becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date after the date hereof, 
the Investor agrees and covenants to use its best efforts to coordinate with the 
General Partner (i) to provide documentation as reasonably requested by the 
General Partner related to any such Disqualifying Event and (ii) to implement a 
remedy to address the Investor's or the Beneficial Owner's changed 
circumstances such that the changed circumstances will not affect in any way the 
Fund's or its affiliates' ongoing and/or future reliance on the Rule 506 exemption 
under the Securities Act. The Investor acknowledges that, at the discretion of the 
General Partner, such remedies may include, without limitation, the waiver of all 
or a portion of the Investor's voting power in the Fund, the Investor's removal 
from the Fund, and/or the Investor's withdrawal from the Fund through the 
transfer or sale of its Interest in the Fund. The Investor also acknowledges that 
the General Partner may periodically request assurance that the Investor and its 
Beneficial Owners have not become subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date 
after the date hereof, and the Investor further acknowledges and agrees that the 
General Partner shall understand and deem the failure by the Investor to respond 
in writing to such requests to be an affirmation and restatement of the 
representations, warranties and covenants in this paragraph and paragraph 
5(a)(ix). 
(xi) 
Except as otherwise disclosed in writing in this Agreement, the Investor and any 
Beneficial Owner of the Investor do not and will not "beneficially own" (within 
the meaning of Rule I3d-3 of the Exchange Act) any other limited partner 
interest in the Fund except for the interest subscribed to by the Investor in this 
Agreement, and the Investor and any Beneficial Owner of the Investor have not 
agreed with one or more other Limited Partners (or the "beneficial owners" of 
such Limited Partner(s)) to act together for the purpose of acquiring, holding, 
voting or disposing of limited partner interests in the Fund (within the meaning 
of Rule I 3d-5 of the Exchange Act). 
(xii) 
Neither the Investor nor one or more of the Investor's beneficial owners is either 
(A) a public agency, department, office or pension plan, or (B) subject (or is an 
agent, nominee, fiduciary, custodian or trustee of an entity which is itself subject) 
to (1) Section 552(a) of Title 5, of the United States Code (commonly known as 
the "Freedom of Information Act") or state freedom of information statutes or 
other similar federal, state, county or municipal public disclosure statutes or 
regulations, whether foreign or domestic, (2) disclosure obligations with respect 
to any of the Fund's Confidential Information to a government agency or other 
regulatory body, trading exchange, or other market where interests in such 
investor are sold or traded (or to the regulating body thereof), whether foreign or 
domestic, or (3) disclosure obligations with respect to any of the Fund's 
Confidential Information to a government body, agency or committee (including, 
without limitation, any disclosures required in accordance with the Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any 
executive, legislative or judiciary organization), whether foreign or domestic. 
(ilii) The Investor acknowledges that neither the General Partner nor its Affiliates 
provide, or intend to provide, advice to the Fund with respect to investment 
EFTA00810375
--- PAGE 15 ---
strategies that are "plans or programs for the investment of the proceeds of 
municipal securities or the recommendation of and brokerage of municipal 
escrow investments" (within the meaning of Rule 15Ba 1 -1 promulgated under 
the Exchange Act). The Investor represents and agrees that none of its 
contributions to the Fund will consist of "proceeds of municipal securities" 
(within the meaning of Rule 15Bal-1). 
(xiv) 
The Investor (a) is not resident or domiciled in a member state of the European 
Economic Area (an "EEA Member State") or in Switzerland, Guernsey or 
Jersey, (b) does not have, and is not part of a group that includes an entity that 
has, a registered office in an EEA Member State or in Switzerland, Guernsey or 
Jersey, (c) has made its own decision to invest, and is not following or 
implementing a decision to invest that was taken by, on the instructions of, or on 
behalf of any other legal or natural person who is resident or domiciled or has a 
registered office in an EEA Member State or in Switzerland, Guernsey or Jersey, 
and (d) does not have and is not relying to any extent on an investment manager 
with discretionary authority to make the decision to invest for the Interests on 
behalf of or for the account of the Investor, where that manager is resident or 
domiciled or has a registered office in an EEA Member State or in Switzerland, 
Guernsey or Jersey. If any of clauses (a) through (d) above are untrue, the 
Investor hereby certifies, represents and confirms the following: 
(1) 
Any document or information sent or otherwise communicated to the 
Investor relating to the Fund or any related investment was sent to the 
Investor at its request or that of its agent or representative and otherwise 
upon its own initiative; 
(2) 
The Investor is (i) a "professional investor", if Investor is resident or 
domiciled or has its registered office in an EEA Member State, as that 
term is used in and defined by the European Union's Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC); (ii) a regulated financial 
intermediary, or a non-regulated "qualified investor", under the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA); or (iii) the 
nearest equivalent to a "professional investor", a regulated financial 
intermediary and/or a non-regulated "qualified investor" under the 
equivalent legislation of Guernsey or Jersey; 
(3) 
None of the Fund, the Management Company, the General Partner, or 
their respective members, managers, partners, principals, directors, 
officers, consultants, employees, affiliates, agents, personnel, and related 
persons have engaged in any "marketing", "distribution", or "promotion" 
of the Fund, and they have not "circulated" the Fund, to Investor and, as 
far as the Investor is aware, such persons have not engaged in any 
"marketing", "distribution", or "promotion" of, and they have not 
"circulated", the Fund in an EEA Member State, Switzerland, Guernsey 
or Jersey either. (For these purposes, (i) "marketing" has the meaning 
given to it in and by the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
(2011/61/EU); (ii) "distribution" has the meaning given to it in any by 
the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA); (iii) 
"promotion" has the meaning given to it in and by the Protection of 
Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law 1987; and (iv) "circulated' has 
EFTA00810376
--- PAGE 16 ---
the meaning given to it in and by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 
1947 and the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958; 
(4) 
The Investor confirms that it was not solicited to express an interest in 
the Fund; 
(5) 
The Investor is aware that the Fund has not been approved for marketing, 
distribution, promotion or circulation in an EEA Member State, 
Switzerland, Guernsey or Jersey; and that interests in the Fund cannot be 
marketed, distributed, promoted, circulated, offered or sold in any of 
these jurisdictions without the permission of the relevant authorities; and 
(6) 
The Investor acknowledges, for the avoidance of doubt, that the 
indemnification 
obligations of the 
Investor 
pursuant 
to 
the 
indemnification provision in this Agreement apply to the Investor with 
respect to these matters. 
(b) 
The Investor has received, read and understands that certain Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum, as it may be amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
"Memorandum"), the Partnership Agreement, and this Agreement, and acknowledges 
and agrees that the Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement 
constitute the sole offering materials on which the offer of the Interest to the Investor is 
based. No representations or warranties have been made to the Investor by the Fund, the 
General Partner or any agent of said persons, other than as set forth in the Memorandum, 
the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement. 
(c) 
The Investor is acquiring the Interest solely for the Investor's own account and not 
directly or indirectly for the account of any other person whatsoever (or, if the Investor is 
acquiring the Interest as a trustee, solely for the account of the trust or trust account 
named herein) for investment and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any 
distribution of the Interest. The Investor does not have any contract, undertaking or 
arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant a participation to any person with 
respect to the Interest. 
(d) 
The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that 
the Investor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment evidenced by 
the Investor's purchase of the Interest, and the Investor is able to bear the economic risk 
of such investment including the risk of complete loss. 
(e) 
The Investor has had access to such information concerning the Fund as the Investor 
deems necessary to enable the Investor to make an informed decision concerning the 
purchase of the Interest. The Investor has had access to representatives of the General 
Partner and the opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers satisfactory to the 
Investor from, such representatives concerning the offering of Interests and the Fund 
generally. The Investor has obtained all additional information requested by the Investor 
to verify the accuracy of all information furnished in connection with the offering of 
Interests, evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Interest or otherwise 
relative to the proposed activities of the Fund. 
The Investor understands that the Interest has not been registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any securities law of any 
EFTA00810377
--- PAGE 17 ---
state of the United States or any other jurisdiction, in each case in reliance on an 
exemption for private offerings. 
(g) 
The Investor is aware that (i) the Investor must bear the economic risk of investment in 
the Interest for an indefinite period of time, possibly until final winding up of the Fund, 
(ii) because the Interest has not been registered under the Securities Act, there is currently 
no public market therefor and it is not anticipated that such a market will ever develop, 
(iii) the Investor may not be able to avail itself of the provisions of Rule 144 of the 
Securities Act with respect to the Interest, and (iv) the Interest cannot be sold or 
otherwise disposed of unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an 
exemption from such registration is available. The Investor understands that the Fund is 
under no obligation, and does not intend, to effect any such registration at any time. The 
Investor also understands that sales or transfers of the Interest are further restricted by the 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement and, as applicable, securities laws of other 
jurisdictions and the states of the United States. The Investor has no need for liquidity in 
connection with its purchase of the Interest, and is able to bear the risk of loss of its entire 
investment in the Interest. 
(h) 
The Investor agrees not to resell or otherwise transfer all or any part of the Interest, 
except as permitted by law, including without limitation, any regulations under the 
Securities Act and the applicable securities acts or similar statutes of the jurisdiction in 
which the Investor resides, including all regulations and rules of such laws, together with 
applicable published policy statements, instruments, notices and blanket orders or rulings 
of general applications (collectively, "Applicable Securities Laws"), and the terms of this 
Agreement and the Partnership Agreement. 
The transfer of the Interest and the 
substitution of another Limited Partner for the Investor is restricted by and subject to the 
terms of the Partnership Agreement and the consent of the General Partner. 
The Fund is relying on (and the offering is conditional upon) an exemption from the 
requirement to provide the Investor with a prospectus under the Applicable Securities 
Laws and, as a consequence of acquiring the Interest pursuant to such exemption, certain 
protections, rights and remedies provided by the Applicable Securities Laws, including 
statutory rights of rescission or damages, may not be or may only be partially available to 
the Investor, or others for whom it is contracting hereunder. Such persons may not 
receive information that would otherwise be required to be provided under the Applicable 
Securities Laws and the Fund is relieved from certain obligations that would otherwise 
apply under the Applicable Securities Laws. The Investor acknowledges that the Investor 
is purchasing the Interest without being furnished any offering literature or prospectus 
other than the Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement. The 
Investor did not rely on any information whatsoever, except for the Memorandum, the 
Partnership Agreement and this Agreement, to make such decision and such materials 
were not accompanied by any advertisement, including, without limitation, in printed 
public media, radio, television or telecommunications, including electronic display and 
the intemet, or part of a general solicitation. 
The Investor acknowledges that it is not purchasing the Interest as a result of or 
subsequent to (i) any advertisement, article, notice or other communications published in 
any newspaper, magazine or other similar media (including any intemet site that is not 
password protected) or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting 
whose attendees, including the Investor, had been invited as a result of, subsequent to or 
pursuant to the foregoing. 
EFTA00810378
--- PAGE 18 ---
(k) 
The Fund is not being registered, and the General Partner does not have any intention of 
registering the Fund, as an "investment company" as the term "investment company" is 
defined in Section 3(a) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 
"Investment Company Act"). None of the General Partner, the Management Company 
or their respective members, managers, shareholders, partners, or any other person 
selected by the General Partner to act as agent or adviser of the Fund with respect to 
managing the affairs of the Fund is currently intended to be registered as an investment 
adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers 
Act"). 
The purchase of the Interest by the Investor is consistent with the general investment 
objectives of the Investor. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it has not relied on the 
General Partner, the Management Company or any of their respective officers, directors, 
employees, members, managers, partners, managing directors or Affiliates for investment 
advice with respect to an investment in the Fund. 
(m) 
The Investor's full legal name, true and correct address of residence (for individuals) or 
principal place of business (for entities), phone number, electronic mail address, United 
States taxpayer identification number (each, if applicable) and other contact information 
are provided in this Agreement. For so long as the Investor holds an Interest, the Investor 
hereby agrees to promptly notify the General Partner of any change in such contact 
information after the date hereof. 
(n) 
The Investor received this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement and first learned of 
the Fund in the jurisdiction listed as the address of the Investor set forth in this 
Agreement, and intends that the Applicable Securities Laws of that jurisdiction alone 
shall govern this transaction. If the Investor is not a resident of the United States, the 
Investor understands that it is the responsibility of the Investor to satisfy himself, herself 
or itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant territory outside of the United 
States in connection with the offer and sale of the Interest, including obtaining any 
required governmental or other consent or observing any other applicable formalities. 
(o) 
The execution and delivery of the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement, the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby and the performance of the 
obligations thereunder will not conflict with or result in any violation of or default under 
any provision of any other agreement or instrument to which the Investor is a party or any 
license, permit, franchise, judgment, order, writ or decree, or any statute, rule or 
regulation, applicable to the Investor. 
(p) 
(q) 
No suit, action, claim, investigation or other proceeding is pending or, to the best of the 
Investor's knowledge, is threatened against the Investor that questions the validity of the 
Partnership Agreement or this Agreement or any action taken or to be taken pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement or this Agreement. 
The Investor has full power and authority to make the representations referred to in this 
Agreement, to purchase the Interest pursuant to this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement and to deliver and perform its obligations under the Partnership Agreement 
and this Agreement. If the Investor is an entity, the person executing this Agreement has 
the full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement on behalf of the 
Investor, and such entity is duly formed and organized, validly existing, and in good 
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, and such entity is authorized by 
EFTA00810379
--- PAGE 19 ---
its governing documents to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this 
Agreement. Furthermore, such investment is in accordance with all laws applicable to 
the Investor's operations. The Partnership Agreement and this Agreement create valid 
and binding obligations of the Investor and are enforceable against the Investor in 
accordance with their terms, except as enforcement may be limited by applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium or other similar laws 
affecting creditors' rights, and subject to general equity principles and to limitations on 
availability of equitable relief, including specific performance. 
(r) 
The Investor acknowledges that the Investor understands the meaning and legal 
consequences of the representations and warranties made by the Investor herein. Such 
representations and warranties are complete and accurate, shall be complete and accurate 
at the time of closing and may be relied upon by the Fund, the General Partner and Fund 
Counsel. Said representations and warranties shall survive delivery of this Agreement 
and the Partnership Agreement. If in any respect such information shall not be complete 
and accurate prior to the time of closing, the Investor shall give immediate written notice 
of such incomplete or inaccurate information to the General Partner, specifying which 
representations or warranties are not complete and accurate and the reasons therefor. In 
the event that after the time of closing the Investor becomes aware that any of the 
representations and warranties made by the Investor herein become incomplete or 
inaccurate as of such time, the Investor shall give immediate written notice of such 
incomplete or inaccurate information to the General Partner, specifying which 
representations or warranties are not complete and accurate and the reasons therefor. 
(s) 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Investor hereby agrees to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Fund, Fund Counsel, the Management Company, the General Partner 
(including without limitation the General Partner acting as tax matters partner, 
Partnership Representative, or as liquidator), the tax matters partner, the Partnership 
Representative and each member, partner, shareholder, managing director, manager, 
director, officer, employee, consultant, agent, advisor or affiliate thereof (each, an 
"Indemnified Party") from and against any and all loss, damage or liability due to or 
arising out of any inaccuracy or breach of any representation or warranty of the Investor 
or failure of the Investor to comply with any covenant or agreement set forth herein, in 
the Partnership Agreement, or in any other document furnished to any Indemnified Party 
specifically supplementing the information in this Agreement by the Investor in 
connection with the subscription for an Interest. The Investor shall reimburse each 
Indemnified Party for its legal and other fees and expenses (including the cost of any 
investigation and preparation) as they are incurred in connection with any such claim, 
action, proceeding or investigation, whether in the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
The reimbursement and indemnification obligations of the Investor under this paragraph 
shall survive any closing applicable to the Investor (or, if this Agreement is terminated 
pursuant to paragraph 3(b) above, such termination) and shall be in addition to any 
liability which the Investor may otherwise have (including, without limitation, liabilities 
under the Partnership Agreement), and shall be binding and inure to the benefit of any 
successors, assigns, heirs, estates, executors, administrators and personal representatives 
of the Indemnified Parties. 
(t) 
The Investor confirms that the Investor has been advised to consult with the Investor's 
attorney regarding legal matters concerning the Fund and to consult with independent tax 
advisers regarding the tax consequences of investing in the Fund. 
The Investor 
acknowledges that he, she or it understands that any anticipated United States federal or 
EFTA00810380
--- PAGE 20 ---
state income tax benefits may not be available and, further, may be adversely affected 
through adoption of new laws or regulations or amendments to existing laws or 
regulations. 
The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Fund is providing no 
warranty or assurance regarding the ultimate availability of any tax benefits to the 
Investor by reason of the Investor's investment in the Fund. The Investor has consulted 
with, and relied solely upon, its own accountant or tax advisors in connection with its 
decision to acquire the Interest 
The Investor understands that information relating to the Investor shall appear on the 
financial statements and other records of the Fund. The Investor acknowledges and 
agrees that other Partners may receive such information as permitted by the Partnership 
Agreement or as required by applicable laws and may share such information with their 
advisors and other parties. 
(v) 
(w) 
(I) 
(y) 
The Investor understands and agrees that the General Partner may cause the Fund to 
make an election under Section 754 of the Code or an election to be treated as an 
"electing investment partnership" for purposes of Section 743 of the Code. If the Fund 
elects to be treated as an electing investment partnership, the Investor shall cooperate 
with the Fund and the General Partner to maintain that status and shall not take any action 
that would be inconsistent with such election. Upon request, the Investor shall provide 
the General Partner with any information necessary to allow the Fund to comply with (a) 
its obligations to make tax basis adjustments under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and 
(b) its obligations as an electing investment partnership. 
The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Fund involves a high degree of risk 
and that there can be no assurance that the Fund's investment objectives will be achieved, 
or that a limited partner will receive a return of its capital. The Investor acknowledges 
that the Investor has received and carefully reviewed and understands the various risks of 
an investment in the Fund, as well as the fees and conflicts of interest to which the Fund 
is subject, as set forth in the Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement and this 
Agreement. The Investor hereby consents and agrees to the payment of the fees so 
described to the parties identified as the recipients thereof, and to such conflicts of 
interest. 
The investor understands that an investment in the Fund may constitute a "reportable 
transaction" under recently promulgated Treasury Regulations. 
The Investor 
acknowledges that it will not be admitted to the Fund without providing the General 
Partner with certain information, including its capital commitment, tax identification 
number (if any), and date of admission to the Fund and that such information may be 
disclosed to the IRS and/or certain advisors to the Fund's Partners to facilitate 
compliance with such Treasury Regulations. 
The Investor acknowledges and agree that: (i) for purposes of convenience or pursuant to 
customary usage within the venture capital industry, members of the General Partner or 
other Persons may occasionally refer to members of the General Partner as "partners" or 
"general partners;" (ii) the sole constituent general partner of the Fund is the General 
Partner, and not any of the individuals who (indirectly through the General Partner) 
participate in the management of the Fund; and (iii) except as otherwise specifically set 
forth in a written agreement executed by the Persons in question, and notwithstanding 
any usage or implication to the contrary, no member of the General Partner is actually a 
constituent partner of the Fund (or any other partnership). 
EFTA00810381
--- PAGE 21 ---
6. 
Anti-Money Laundering Regulations. The Investor hereby acknowledges that the General 
Partner and the Fund's intent is to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws 
designed to combat money laundering and similar illegal activities, including the provisions of 
the Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ending Eavesdropping Dragnet-
collection and Online Monitoring Act of 2015 (the "FREEDOM Act"). In furtherance of such 
efforts, the Investor hereby represents, covenants, and agrees that, to the best of the Investor's 
knowledge based on reasonable investigation: 
(a) 
(b) 
None of the Investor's capital contributions to the Fund (whether payable in cash or 
otherwise) shall be derived from or related to money laundering or similar activities 
deemed illegal under U.S. federal laws and regulations. 
No contribution or payment by the Investor to the Fund, to the extent that such 
contribution or payment is within the Investor's control, and no distribution to the 
Investor (assuming it is made with instructions provided to the General Partner by the 
Investor) shall cause the Fund, the General Partner, the Management Company, the 
Managing Directors or any of their respective Affiliates to be in violation of U.S. federal 
anti-money laundering laws, including without limitation the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, the 
U.S. Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the U.S. International Money Laundering 
Abatement and Financial Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001, the FREEDOM Act or any other 
anti-money laundering laws or regulations, in each case, such statute as amended to date 
and any successor statute thereto and including all regulations promulgated thereunder. 
(c) 
When requested by the General Partner, the Investor will provide any and all additional 
information, and the Investor understands and agrees that the General Partner may release 
confidential information about the Investor and, if applicable, any underlying beneficial 
owner or Related Persons to any person, deemed reasonably necessary to ensure 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations concerning money laundering and 
similar activities. The General Partner reserves the right to request any information as is 
necessary to verify the identity of the Investor and the source of any payment to the Fund. 
In the event of delay or failure by the Investor to produce any information required for 
verification purposes, the subscription by the Investor may be refused. 
(d) 
Except as otherwise disclosed in writing to the General Partner, the Investor represents 
and warrants that neither it, nor any person controlled by, controlling or under common 
control with the Investor, any of the Investor's beneficial owners, any person for whom 
the Investor is acting as agent or nominee in connection with this investment, nor in the 
case of an Investor which is an entity, any Related Person is: 
a Prohibited Investoe 
(ii) 
a Senior Foreign Political Figure,s any member of a Senior Foreign Political 
Figure's "immediate family," which includes such Senior Foreign Political 
"Related Person" shall mean, with respect to any entity, any interest holder, director, senior officer, trustee, beneficiary 
or grantor of such entity; provided that in the case of an entity that is a publicly traded company or a tax qualified pension or 
retirement plan in which at least 100 employees participate that is maintained by an employer that is organized in the U.S. or is a 
U.S. government entity (a "Qualified Plan"), the term "Related Person" shall exclude any interest holder holding less than 5% of 
any class of securities of such publicly traded company and beneficiaries of such Qualified Plan. 
For purposes of this subparagraph (d), "Prohibited Investor" shall mean a person or entity whose name appears on 
(i) the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control; 
(ii) other lists of prohibited Persons as may be mandated by applicable law or regulation; or (iii) such other lists of prohibited 
Persons as may be provided to the Fund in connection therewith. 
EFTA00810382
--- PAGE 22 ---
Figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children and in-laws, or any Close Associate' 
of a Senior Foreign Political Figure, or a person or entity resident in, or organized 
or chartered under, the laws of a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction;?
(iii) 
a person resident in, or organized or chartered under, the laws of a jurisdiction 
that has been designated by the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury under the 
FREEDOM Act (or any predecessor law) as warranting special measures due to 
money laundering concerns; or 
(iv) 
a person who gives the Investor reason to believe that its funds originate from, or 
will be or have been routed through, an account maintained at a Foreign Shell 
Bank,8 an "offshore bank," or a bank organized or chartered under the laws of a 
Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction. 
(e) 
If the Investor is purchasing the Interest as agent, representative, intermediary/nominee or 
in any particular capacity for any other person, or is otherwise requested to do so by the 
General Partner, it shall provide a copy of its anti-money laundering policies ("AML 
Policies") to the General Partner. The Investor represents that it is in compliance with its 
AML Policies, its AML Policies have been approved by counsel or internal compliance 
personnel 
reasonably informed of anti-money laundering policies and their 
implementation and it has not received a deficiency letter, negative report or any similar 
determination regarding its AML Policies from independent accountants, internal 
auditors or some other person responsible for reviewing compliance with its AML 
Policies. 
(0 
The Investor hereby agrees to (i) immediately notify the General Partner if it knows, or 
has reason to suspect that any of the representations in this paragraph 6 have become 
For purposes of this subparagraph (d), "Senior Foreign Political Figure" shall mean a senior official in the executive, 
legislative, administrative, military or judicial branches of a foreign government (whether elected or not), a senior official of a 
major foreign political party, or a senior executive of a foreign government-owned corporation. In addition, a Senior Foreign 
Political Figure includes any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by, or for the benefit of, a Senior Foreign 
Political Figure. 
For purposes of this subparagraph (d), "Close Associate of a Senior Foreign Political Figure" shall mean a Person 
who is widely and publicly known internationally to maintain an unusually close relationship with the Senior Foreign Political 
Figure, and includes a Person who is in a position to conduct substantial domestic and international financial transactions on 
behalf of the Senior Foreign Political Figure. 
For purposes of this subparagraph (d), "Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction" shall mean any foreign country that has been 
designated as non-cooperative with international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental group 
or organization, such as the Financial Task Force on Money Laundering, of which the U.S. is a member and with which 
designation the U.S. representative to the group or organization continues to concur. 
For purposes of this subparagraph (d), "Foreign Shell Bank" shall mean a Foreign Bank without a Physical Presence 
in any country, but does not include a Regulated Affiliate. 
A "Foreign Bank" shall mean an organization that (i) is organized under the laws of a foreign country, (ii) engages in 
the business of banking, (iii) is recognized as a bank by the bank supervisory or monetary authority of the country of its 
organization or principal banking operations, (iv) receives deposits to a substantial extent in the regular course of its business, 
and (v) has the power to accept demand deposits, but does not include the U.S. branches or agencies of a foreign bank. 
"Physical Presence" shall mean a place of business that is maintained by a Foreign Bank and is located at a fixed 
address, other than solely a post office box or an electronic address, in a country in which the Foreign Bank is authorized to 
conduct banking activities, at which location the Foreign Bank (i) employs one or more individuals on a full-time basis, (ii) 
maintains operating records related to its banking activities, and (iii) is subject to inspection by the banking authority that 
licensed the Foreign Bank to conduct banking activities. 
"Regulated Affiliate" shall mean a Foreign Shell Bank that is an affiliate of a depository institution, credit union or 
Foreign Bank that maintains a Physical Presence in the U.S. or a foreign country regulating such affiliated depository institution, 
credit union or Foreign Bank. 
EFTA00810383
--- PAGE 23 ---
incorrect or if there is any change in the information affecting these representations and 
covenants, and (ii) provide the General Partner with a reasonably detailed description of 
any such inaccuracy or change. 
(g) 
The Investor agrees that, if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing anti-
money laundering representations are incorrect, or if otherwise required by applicable 
laws or regulations related to money laundering and similar activities, the General Partner 
may undertake appropriate actions, and the Investor agrees to cooperate with such 
actions, to ensure compliance with such laws or regulations, including, but not limited to 
segregation and/or redemption of the Investor's Interest in the Fund or freezing the 
Investor's account. 
7. 
Withholding. The General Partner is required to withhold a certain portion of the taxable income 
and gain allocated or distributed to the Investor unless the Investor provides documentation 
confirming that the Investor is not subject to withholding, or is subject to a reduced rate of 
withholding. The Investor should consult with a tax advisor concerning the application of the 
U.S. withholding rules to the Investor. 
The type of documentation required by the Investor is a function of whether the Investor is a 
Foreign Person or a United States person. "Foreign Persons" include nonresident aliens, foreign 
corporations, foreign partnerships, foreign trusts or foreign estates (as each of those terms is 
defined in the Code and Treasury Regulations). "United States person" has the meaning set forth 
in EXHIBIT D. In the case of entities that are disregarded for purposes of U.S. tax law (e.g., 
fiscally transparent entities with a single owner that have not elected to be taxed as a corporation 
for U.S. tax purposes), such entities are treated as United States persons or Foreign Persons 
depending on the residence and status of their owners, rather than on where the disregarded 
entities are organized. Thus, an investor that is a U.S. disregarded entity with a foreign owner 
will generally be treated as a Foreign Person and should complete and submit the appropriate 
Form W-8 based on the owner's status. An investor that is a foreign disregarded entity with a 
U.S. owner will generally be treated as a United States person and should complete and submit 
Form W-9. Please contact the General Partner if you need additional information. 
8. 
FATCA. Please note, pursuant to the requirements of Sections 1471-1474 of the Code (the 
"FATCA") the Fund will generally be required to impose a 30% withholding tax on payments 
made by the Fund to a Limited Partner that is either a foreign financial institution (an "FFT') as 
defined in Section 1471(d)(4) of the Code or a non-financial foreign entity (an "NFFE") as 
defined in Section 1472(d) of the Code. To avoid this withholding tax, the Fund will require that 
all Limited Partners (a) establish with the General Partner, by providing all information that the 
General Partner may reasonably request, that they are neither an FFI nor an NFFE, (b) if they are 
an FFI, establish with the General Partner that they have entered into, and are maintaining, an FFI 
Agreement in compliance with Section 1471(bX1) of the Code, or are otherwise exempt from the 
withholding requirements of Section 1471 of the Code, and (c) if they are an NFFE, certify that 
they have no "substantial United States owners," disclose all information that the Fund is required 
to obtain pursuant to the FATCA regarding such substantial United States owners or adequately 
show that they are otherwise exempt from the withholding requirements of Section 1472 of the 
Code. Substantial United States owners are, generally, U.S. persons with at least a 10% interest 
(held directly or indirectly) in the NFFE. The General Partner will notify the Investor of any 
additional documentation, certification or other actions required of the Investor in order to allow 
the Fund to comply with the FATCA. Failure to timely provide the required information may 
result in the Investor's interest in the Fund being redeemed. 
EFTA00810384
--- PAGE 24 ---
9. 
Power of Attorney. By signing this Agreement, the Investor constitutes and appoints the 
General Partner as its agent, true and lawful representative and attorney-in-fact, in its name, 
place, and stead to make, execute, sign, acknowledge, deliver or file (a) the Fund's Certificate of 
Limited Partnership and any other instruments, deeds, documents and certificates which may 
from time to time be required by any law to effectuate, implement and continue the valid and 
subsisting existence of the Fund, (b) the Partnership Agreement, (c) all instruments, deeds, 
documents and certificates that may be required to effectuate the dissolution and termination of 
the Fund in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Act, (d) all instruments, deeds, 
documents, or certificates that may from time to time be required of the Fund by the laws of the 
United States of America or any other jurisdiction in which the Fund shall conduct its affairs in 
order to qualify or otherwise enable the Fund to conduct its affairs in such jurisdictions, (e) all 
amendments of the Partnership Agreement effected in accordance with the terms of the 
Partnership Agreement including, without limitation, amendments reflecting the addition or 
substitution of any Limited Partner, or any action of the Limited Partners duly taken pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement whether or not such Limited Partner voted in favor of or otherwise 
approved such action, and (f) any other instrument, certificate, document, accession agreement or 
deed of adherence required from time to time to admit a Limited Partner, to effect the substitution 
of a Limited Partner, to effect the substitution of a Limited Partner's assignee as a Limited 
Partner, to effect a Transfer pursuant to the Partnership Agreement or to reflect any action of the 
Limited Partners provided for in the Partnership Agreement. The foregoing grant of authority 
(I) is irrevocable, coupled with an interest in favor of the General Partner and deemed to be given 
to secure the performance of the Investor's obligations under this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement and shall survive the death or disability of a Limited Partner that is a natural person or 
the merger, dissolution or other termination of the existence of a Limited Partner that is a 
corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company or trust, and (2) shall survive the 
assignment by the Investor of the whole or any portion of its interest, except that where the 
assignee of the whole thereof has furnished a power of attorney, this power of attorney shall 
survive such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the General Partner to execute, 
acknowledge and file any instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the 
assignee for the assignor as a Limited Partner and shall thereafter terminate. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, this power of attorney and the power of attorney referenced in the Partnership 
Agreement granted by each Limited Partner shall expire immediately on the dissolution of the 
Fund. The Investor is aware that the General Partner and each Limited Partner will rely on the 
effectiveness of such powers in concluding that the Investor is bound by, and subject to the 
Partnership Agreement. The Investor agrees to execute such other documents as the General 
Partner may reasonably request in order to affect the intention and purposes of the power of 
attorney contemplated by this paragraph. The execution of this power of attorney is not intended 
to, and does not, revoke any prior or concurrent powers of attorney executed by the Investor. 
This power of attorney is not intended to, and shall not, be revoked by any subsequent power of 
attorney the Investor may execute. This power of attorney shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware. 
10. 
Fund Legal Matters. The Investor understands that the General Partner has retained Fund 
Counsel in connection with the formation of the Fund and the offering of the Interests and may 
retain Fund Counsel as legal counsel in connection with the management and operation of the 
Fund, including, without limitation, making, holding and disposing of investments, or any dispute 
that may arise between the Investor or any other Limited Partner, on the one hand, and the 
General Partner, the Fund, the Management Company or their respective Affiliates, on the other 
hand (the "Fund Legal Matters"). The Investor acknowledges that Fund Counsel will not 
represent the Investor or any other Limited Partner or prospective limited partner of the Fund, 
unless the General Partner and the Investor or such other Limited Partner or prospective limited 
EFTA00810385
--- PAGE 25 ---
partner otherwise agree and the Investor or such other Limited Partner or prospective limited 
partner separately engage Fund Counsel, in connection with the formation of the Fund, the 
offering of the Interests or any Fund Legal Matter. The Investor will, if it wishes counsel in 
connection with the formation of the Fund, the offering of the Interests or any Fund Legal Matter, 
retain its own independent counsel with respect thereto and will pay all fees and expenses of such 
independent counsel 
11. 
Survival of Agreements, Representations and Warranties. All agreements, representations 
and warranties contained herein or made in writing by or on behalf of the Investor, the Fund or 
the General Partner in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall 
survive the execution of this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement, any investigation at any 
time made by the Investor, the Fund or the General Partner or on behalf of any of them and the 
sale and purchase of the Interest and payment therefor and the dissolution and termination of the 
Fund. 
12. 
Legends. The Investor consents to the placement of the legends contained on page 1 of this 
Agreement and any other legend required or reasonably advisable, as determined by Fund 
Counsel, by applicable law. 
13. 
Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or 
unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of 
this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this 
Agreement in any other jurisdiction. 
14. 
Counterparts, Execution and Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute 
one and the same instrument. A facsimile or other reproduction of this Agreement may be 
executed by the Investor and/or the General Partner, and an executed copy of this Agreement may 
be delivered by the Investor and/or the General Partner by facsimile or similar electronic 
transmission device pursuant to which the signature(s) and questionnaire responses can be seen, 
and such execution and delivery shall be considered valid, binding and effective for all purposes. 
At the request of any party hereto, the Investor and the General Partner agree to execute an 
original of this Agreement as well as any facsimile or other reproduction hereof 
15. 
Assignment. This Agreement is not transferable or assignable by the Investor. 
16. 
Amendments. This Agreement may be amended, changed, waived, discharged or terminated 
only with the written consent of the Investor and the General Partner. 
17. 
Arbitration. 
The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that any claim, dispute or 
controversy of whatever nature arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be resolved by 
final and binding arbitration in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
18. 
Privacy. If the Investor is a natural person (including a natural person investing through an 
individual retirement account or "IRA"), the Investor has carefully read the notice regarding 
privacy of financial information under the U.S. Federal Trade Commission privacy rule, 16 
C.F.R. Part 313 (the "Privacy Rule"), attached hereto as EXHIBIT E, and agrees that the Interest 
is a financial product that the Investor has requested and authorized. The Investor acknowledges 
and agrees that the Fund may disclose nonpublic personal information of the Investor to other 
limited partners of the Fund (including prior to the General Partner's acceptance of this 
EFTA00810386
--- PAGE 26 ---
Agreement) as well as to any Portfolio Companies of the Fund, Fund's accountants, attorneys and 
other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the Fund's and the limited 
partners' rights and obligations. 
19. 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Delaware in all respects as such laws are applied to agreements among 
Delaware residents entered into and performed entirely within Delaware, without giving effect to 
conflict of law principles thereof. 
20. 
Consent to Electronic Delivery. The Investor hereby agrees that the Fund may deliver all 
notices, financial statements, tax reports, valuations, reports, reviews, analyses or other materials, 
and all other documents, information and communications concerning the affairs of the Fund and 
its investments, including, without limitation, information about the Portfolio Companies of the 
Fund, required or permitted to be provided to the Investor under the Partnership Agreement or 
hereunder by means of facsimile or e-mail (to the facsimile number or e-mail address set forth in 
this Agreement, or other number or address as provided in writing by the Investor to the Fund), or 
by posting on an electronic message board or by other means of electronic communication. 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
EFTA00810387
--- PAGE 27 ---
EXHIBIT A 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR DEFINITION 
Accredited Investor Representation. The Investor is an "accredited investor" (within the meaning of 
Rule 501 under the Securities Act), if any of the following are true with respect to the Investor: 
(a) 
(b) 
If an individual, the Investor has a net worth9, either individually or upon a joint basis with the 
Investor's spouse, of at least $1,000,000, or has had an individual income in excess of $200,000 
for each of the two most recent years, or a joint income with the Investor's spouse in excess of 
$300,000 in each of those years, and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income 
level in the current year. 
The Investor is an irrevocable trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000 whose purchase is 
directed by a person with such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that 
such person is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment. 
(c) 
The Investor is a bank, insurance company, investment company registered under the Companies 
Act, a broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended, a business development company, a Small Business Investment Company licensed 
by the United States Small Business Administration, a plan with total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000 established and maintained by a state for the benefit of its employees, or a private 
business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Advisers Act. 
(d) 
The Investor is an employee benefit plan and either all investment decisions are made by a bank, 
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment advisor, or the 
Investor has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 or, if such plan is a self-directed plan, investment 
decisions are made solely by persons who are accredited investors. 
(e) 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or business trust, not formed 
for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, or an organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the 
Code, in each case with total assets in excess of $5,000,000. 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners, or a living trust or other revocable 
trust in which all of the grantors and trustees, qualify under clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or 
this clause (f). 
In calculating the Investor's "net worth": (i) the Investor's primary residence shall not be included as an asset; 
(ii) indebtedness that is secured by the Investor's primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the 
primary residence at the time of the closing on the Investor's investment in the Fund (the "Closing"), shall not 
be included as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of the Closing 
exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary 
residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability); and (iii) indebtedness that is secured by 
the Investor's primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time 
of the Closing shall be included as a liability. In calculating the Investor's joint net worth with the Investor's 
spouse, the Investor's spouse's primary residence (if different from the Investor's own primary residence) and 
indebtedness secured by such primary residence should be treated in a similar manner. 
EXHIBIT A 
EFTA00810388
--- PAGE 28 ---
EXHIBIT B 
QUALIFIED CLIENT DEFINITION 
Qualified Client Representation. The Investor is a "qualified client" (within the meaning of Rule 205-3 
under the Advisers Act), if any of the following are true with respect to the Investor: 
(a) 
(b) 
The Investor is a natural person, trust or a company10 that has made a Capital Commitment of at 
least $1,000,000. 
The Investor is a natural person (together with assets held jointly with a spouse), trust or a 
company that has a net worth' of more than $2,100,000. 
(c) 
The Investor is a Qualified Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51) under the 
Companies Act) (see EXHIBIT C). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Investor is a company that (i) would be an "investment company" 
under the Companies Act but for the exception provided from that definition by section 3(c)(1) of the 
Companies Act, (ii) is an investment company registered under the Companies Act, or (iii) is a "business 
development company," as defined in section 202(aX22) of the Advisers Act (each, an "Excluded 
Company"), all of the Investor's equity owners must be "qualified clients" (as described above) and if 
any of the Investor's equity owners is an Excluded Company, such equity owners must also "qualified 
clients" (as described above) in order for the Investor to be deemed a "qualified client" 
I0 
For purposes of this Exhibit, "company" has the same meaning as in Section 20200(5) of the Advisers Act, but 
does not include a company that is required to be registered under the Companies Act but is not registered. 
In calculating the Investor's "net worth": (i) the Investor's primary residence shall not be included as an asset; 
(ii) indebtedness that is secured by the Investor's primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the 
primary residence at the time of the closing on the Investor's investment in the Fund (the "Closing"), shall not 
be included as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of the Closing 
exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary 
residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability); and (iii) indebtedness that is secured by 
the Investor's primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time 
of the Closing shall be included as a liability. In calculating the Investor's joint net worth with the Investor's 
spouse, the Investor's spouse's primary residence (if different from the Investor's own primary residence) and 
indebtedness secured by such primary residence should be treated in a similar manner. 
EXHIBIT B 
EFTA00810389
--- PAGE 29 ---
EXHIBIT C 
QUALIFIED PURCHASER DEFINITION 
Please review both Part 1 and Pan 11 of this Exhibit C 
Qualified Purchaser Representation (Part I). The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" (within the 
meaning of Section 2(a)(51) under the Companies Act), if any of the following are true with respect to the 
Investor: 
(a) 
(b) 
The Investor is an individual (including any person who is acquiring the Interest with his or her 
spouse in a joint capacity, as community property or similar shared interest) who either 
individually or together with the Investor's spouse, owns Investmentsu that are Valued at not less 
than $5,000,000. 
The Investor is an entity that owns Investments that are Valued at not less than $5,000,000 and is 
owned directly or indirectly by two (2) or more natural persons related as siblings, spouses 
(including former spouses) or direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such 
persons, the estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts established 
by or for the benefit of such persons. 
(c) 
The Investor is a trust not covered by clause (b) above and not formed for the specific purpose of 
acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other person authorized to make decisions with 
respect to the trust and each settlor or other person who has contributed assets to the trust is a 
person described in clause (a) or (b) above or clause (d) below. 
(d) 
The Investor is an entity, acting for its own account or the accounts of others described in clause 
(a), (b) or (c) above, this clause (d) or clause (e) below, that in the aggregate owns and invests on 
a discretionary basis Investments that are Valued at not less than $25,000,000. 
(e) 
The Investor is an entity, all of the outstanding securities of which are owned by persons or 
entities described in clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or this clause (e). 
(0 
The Investor is a "qualified institutional buyer" as defined in paragraph (a) of Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act, acting for its own account, the account of another qualified institutional buyer, 
or the account of a qualified purchaser; provided that (i) a dealer described in paragraph (a)(1)(ii) 
of Rule 144A must own and invest on a discretionary basis at least $25,000,000 in securities of 
issuers that are not affiliated persons of the dealer and (ii) a plan referred to in paragraph 
(a)(1)(i)(D) or (a)(I)(i)(E) of Rule 144A, or a trust fund referred to in paragraph (aX1)(i)(F) of 
Rule 144A that holds the assets of such a plan, will not be deemed to be acting for its own 
account if investment decisions with respect to the plan are made by the beneficiaries of the plan, 
except with respect to investment decisions made solely by the fiduciary, trustee or sponsor of 
such plan. 
For purposes of this paragraph, the terms "Investments" and "Valued" shall have the meanings provided in 
EXHIBIT D hereto. 
EXHIBIT C 
EFTA00810390
--- PAGE 30 ---
Qualified Purchaser Representation (Part II). If one of the representations set forth in clauses (b) 
through (0 in Part I above are true and the Investor would be treated as an "investment company" under 
the Companies Act but for the fact that the Investor qualifies for one of the exemptions from the 
definition of "investment company" provided for in Sections 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Companies Act", in 
order for the Investor to indicate that it is a "qualified purchaser" the Investor certifies that the Investor 
has read and understands the provisions of Section 2(a)(51XC) of the Companies Act and Rule 2a51-2 
promulgated under the Companies Act excerpted on EXHIBIT D hereto and can make one of the 
following representations: 
(a) 
No consent of the Investor's direct or indirect beneficial owners is required for the 
Investor's treatment as a "qualified purchaser" (within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51) 
under the Companies Act) with respect to the Fund. 
(b) 
Both of the following are true (NOTE — this representation is only required if the 
Investor was formed on or before April 30, 1996): (A) all of the beneficial owners of the 
Investor's outstanding securities (other than short-term paper), determined in accordance 
with Section 3(c)(I)(A) of the Companies Act, that acquired such securities on or before 
April 30, 1996 have consented to the Investor's treatment as a "qualified purchaser" 
under the Companies Act with respect to the Fund• and (B) each direct and indirect 
owner of the Investor who: (i) acquired its interest in the Investor on or before April 30, 
1996; and (ii) would be an "investment company" under the Companies Act but for the 
exclusions from the definition of "investment company" provided for in Sections 3(c)(1) 
or 3(c)(7) of the Companies Act, has consented to treatment of the Investor has a 
"qualified purchaser" under the Companies Act with respect to the Fund. 
(c) If one of the representations set forth in clauses (b) or (c) in Part I above are true, all 
of the trustees, directors or general partners of the Investor have consented to the 
Investor's treatment as a "qualified purchaser" (within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51) 
under the Companies Act) with respect to the Fund. 
Relevant excerpts of Section 3(cXl) and 3(c)(7) of the Companies Act are provided in EXHIBIT D attached hereto. 
EXHIBIT C 
EFTA00810391
--- PAGE 31 ---
EXHIBIT D 
DEFINITIONS 
"United States person" shall mean an individual who is a citizen of the United States or a resident alien 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes; a corporation, an entity taxable as a corporation, or a partnership 
created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state or political subdivision thereof 
or therein (including the District of Columbia); an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal 
income taxation regardless of its source; or a trust if (y) a court within the United States is able to exercise 
primary supervision over its administration and one or more United States persons have the authority to 
control all of its substantial decisions or (z) such trust was in existence on August 20, 1996 and was 
treated as a domestic trust on August 19, 1996 and such trust has a valid election in effect under 
applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. 
"Investments" shall mean any of the following: 
"Securities" as such term is defined by Section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, securities of an issuer that controls, is controlled by, or is 
under common control with the Investor shall not be deemed Investments unless the 
issuer is: 
(i) 
An investment company or a company that would be an investment company but 
for the exclusions provided by Sections 3(c)(1) through 3(cX9) of the Companies 
Act, a foreign bank or insurance company, an issuer of asset-backed securities that 
meets certain requirements or a commodity pool; 
(ii) 
A company whose equity securities are listed on a national securities exchange, 
traded on Nasdaq or listed on a "designated offshore securities market" (as defined 
by Regulation S promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act); or 
(iii) A company with shareholders' equity of not less than $50,000,000 (determined in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) as reflected on the 
company's most recent financial statements (provided such financial statements 
present information as of a date not more than sixteen (16) months preceding the 
Investor's investment in the Fund). 
(2) 
Real estate held for investment purposes (i.e., not used by the undersigned for personal 
purposes or as a place of business or in connection with the trade or business of the 
undersigned). 
"Commodity Interest" (i.e., commodities futures contracts, options on such contracts or 
options on commodities that are traded on or subject to the rules of (i) any contract 
market designated for trading under the Commodity Exchange Act and rules thereunder 
or (ii) any board of trade or exchange outside the United States, as contemplated in Part 
of the rules under the Commodity Exchange Act) held for investment purposes. 
(4) 
Physical commodities (with respect to which a Commodity Interest is traded on a market 
specified in paragraph 3 above) held for investment purposes. 
Financial contracts within the meaning of Section 3(c)(2)(BXii) of the Companies Act 
held for investment purposes. 
(6) 
If the Investor is a company that would be an investment company but for the exclusion 
provided by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Companies Act, or a commodity pool, any 
amounts payable to the Investor pursuant to a binding commitment pursuant to which a 
person has agreed to acquire an interest in, or make capital contributions to, the Investor 
upon demand by the Investor. 
(3) 
(5) 
EXHIBIT D 
EFTA00810392
--- PAGE 32 ---
(7) 
Cash and cash equivalents (including bank deposits, certificates of deposit, bankers 
acceptances and similar bank instruments held for investment purposes and the net cash 
surrender value of insurance policies). 
"Valued" shall mean either the fair market value or cost of Investments net of the following deductions: 
(1) 
the amount of any outstanding indebtedness incurred to acquire such Investments; and 
(2) 
if the holder of the Investment is a company, any outstanding indebtedness incurred by 
any owner of such company to acquire such Investments. 
SECTION 2(O51)(C) OF THE COMPANIES ACT: 
"The term "qualified purchaser" does not include a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in 
paragraph (1) or (7) of Section 3(c), would be an investment company (hereafter in this paragraph referred 
to as an "excepted investment company"), unless all beneficial owners of its outstanding securities (other 
than short-term paper), determined in accordance with Section 3(c)(1)(A), that acquired such securities on 
or before April 30, 1996 (hereafter in this paragraph referred to as "pre-amendment beneficial owners"), 
and all pre-amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding securities (other than short-term paper) or any 
excepted investment company that, directly or indirectly, owns any outstanding securities of such excepted 
investment company, have consented to its treatment as a qualified purchaser. Unanimous consent of all 
trustees, directors, or general partners of a company or trust referred to in clause (ii) or (iii) of 
subparagraph (A) shall constitute consent for purposes of this subparagraph." 
RULE 2A51-2 AS PROMULGATED UNDER THE COMPANIES ACT: 
"(a) Beneficial Ownership: General. Except as set forth in this section, for purposes of Sections 
2(a)(51XC) and 3(c)(7)(B)(ii) of the Act, the beneficial owners of securities of an excepted investment 
company...shall be determined in accordance with Section 3(c)(1) of the Act. 
(b) Beneficial Ownership: Grandfather Provision. For purposes of Section 3(c)(7)(BXii) of the 
Act, securities of an issuer beneficially owned by a company (without giving effect to Section 3(c)(1XA) 
of the Act ("owning company") shall be deemed to be beneficially owned by one person unless: (1) The 
owning company is an investment company or an excepted investment company; (2) The owning 
company, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the issuer; 
and (3) On October 11, 1996, under Section 3(c)(1)(A) of the Act as then in effect, the voting securities of 
the issuer were deemed to be beneficially owned by the holders of the owning company's outstanding 
securities (other than short-term paper), in which case, such holders shall be deemed to be beneficial 
owners of the issuer's outstanding voting securities. 
(c) Beneficial Ownership: Consent Provision. For purposes of Section 2(a)(51XC) of the Act, 
securities of an excepted investment company beneficially owned by a company (without giving effect to 
Section 3(c)(1)(A) of the Act ("owning company") shall be deemed to be beneficially owned by one 
person unless: (1) The owning company is an excepted investment company; (2) The owning company 
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the excepted investment 
company or the company with respect to which the excepted investment company is, or will be, a 
qualified purchaser; and (3) On April 30, 1996, under Section 3(c)(1)(A) of the Act as then in effect, the 
voting securities of the excepted investment company were deemed to be beneficially owned by the 
holders of the owning company's outstanding securities (other than short-term paper), in which case the 
holders of such excepted company's securities shall be deemed to be beneficial owners of the excepted 
investment company's outstanding voting securities. 
EXHIBIT D 
EFTA00810393
--- PAGE 33 ---
(d) Indirect Ownership: Consent Provision. For purposes of Section 2(aX51)(C) of the Act, an 
excepted investment company shall not be deemed to indirectly own the securities of an excepted 
investment company seeking a consent to be treated as a qualified purchaser ("qualified purchaser 
company") unless such excepted investment company, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or 
is under common control with, the qualified purchaser company or a company with respect to which the 
qualified purchaser company is or will be a qualified purchaser. 
(e) Required Consent: Consent Provision. For purposes of Section 2(aX51)(C) of the Act, the 
consent of the beneficial owners of an excepted investment company ("owning company") that 
beneficially owns securities of an excepted investment company that is seeking the consents required by 
Section 2(a)(51)(C) ("consent company") shall not be required unless the owning company directly or 
indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the consent company or the 
company with respect to which the consent company is, or will be, a qualified purchaser." 
SECTION 3(c)(1)(A) OF THE COMPANIES ACT: 
"[N]one of the following persons is an investment company ... 
(I) 
Any issuer whose outstanding securities (other than short-term paper) are beneficially 
owned by not more than one hundred persons and which is not making and does not presently 
propose to make a public offering of its securities ... For purposes of this paragraph: 
(A) 
Beneficial ownership by a company shall be deemed to be beneficial ownership by one 
person, except that, if the company owns 10 per centum or more of the outstanding 
voting securities of the issuer and is or, but for the exception provided for in this 
paragraph or paragraph (7), would be an investment company, the beneficial ownership 
shall be deemed to be that of the holders of such company's outstanding securities (other 
than short-term paper)." 
SECTION 3(c)(7) OF THE COMPANIES ACT: 
"[N]one of the following persons is an investment company ... 
(7) 
(A) 
Any issuer, the outstanding securities of which are owned exclusively by 
persons who, at the time of acquisition of such securities, are qualified purchasers, and 
which is not making and does not at the time propose to make a public offering of such 
securities. Securities that are owned by persons who received the securities from a 
qualified purchaser as a gift or bequest, or in a case in which the transfer was caused by 
legal separation, divorce, death, or other involuntary event, shall be deemed to be owned 
by a qualified purchaser, subject to such roles, regulations, and orders as the Commission 
may prescribe as necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of 
investors." 
EXHIBIT D 
EFTA00810394
--- PAGE 34 ---
EXHIBIT E 
PRIVACY POLICY 
Pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Public Law No. 106-102, and the rule issued by the Federal 
Trade Commission regarding the Privacy of Consumer Financial Information, 16 C.F.R. Part 313 (the "FTC 
Privacy Rule"), institutions that provide certain financial products or services to individuals to be used for 
personal, family, or household purposes are required to provide written notices to their customers regarding 
disclosure of nonpublic personal information. We have been advised that we may be subject to such 
requirement. This notice is being provided to you to comply with the FTC Privacy Rule. 
We understand that it is our obligation to maintain the confidentiality of information with regard to 
our investors generally. As a consequence, we do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our 
investors or former investors to anyone other than our affiliates and service providers, except as permitted by 
law and as described in the following sentences. Consistent with industry practice (and the provisions of our 
fund agreements), we may distribute certain personally identifiable financial information such as the names of 
investors, the amount of their capital commitments and capital account information, to all investors or 
prospective investors in each specific fund and in future funds. In addition, in order to accurately and 
efficiently conduct the Fund's investment program, we must collect, maintain, use and disclose certain non-
public information about you and the Fund's other investors. Finally, we may disclose certain personally 
identifiable financial information such as the names of investors and the amount of their capital commitments 
to the portfolio companies of the Fund (including prior to the General Partner's acceptance of this Agreement). 
Furthermore, we may be required by law to provide to self-regulatory organizations and governmental 
authorities or agencies information about the identity of our investors as well as their individual receipts of 
income and gross proceeds, including but not limited to for the purpose of compliance with the Sections 1471-
1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (or any corresponding 
provisions of succeeding law). 
AFFILIATES & SERVICE PROVIDERS 
We collect, and may disclose to our affiliates and service providers (e.g., our attorneys, accountants, 
auditors, administrators, entities that assist us with the distribution of stock to our investors and placement 
agents for future fundraising activities) on a "need to know" basis, certain nonpublic personal information 
about you from the following sources: 
• 
Information we receive from you as set forth in your subscription agreement, investor questionnaire, 
or similar forms, such as your name, address, and social security or tax identification number, and 
• 
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates and service providers, or others, such as 
your participation in each of our funds, such as your capital account balance, contributions and 
distributions and, in the case of an investor that is an individual retirement account, information with 
regard to such account. 
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know 
that information to provide services to the fund and its investors. We maintain physical, electronic, and 
procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. In addition, we will continue to assess 
new technology for protecting information with regard to our investors. 
In connection with fundraising efforts for future funds, we may disclose information about existing 
investors to one or more placement agents for use in marketing efforts, including communication with 
prospective future investors. 
The policy may change from time to time, but you can always review our current policy by asking us 
for a copy. 
EXHIBIT E 
EFTA00810395
--- PAGE 35 ---
Form W-9 
(Rev. December 2014) 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
Print or type 
See Specific Instructions on page 2. 
Name (as sham on you' income tax return). Name is requred on this line: do not leave this line blank. 
Business name/disregarded entity name. if different from above 
Check appropriate box for federal tax classification: check only one of the following seven boxes: 
Individual/sole proprietor or 
C Corporation 
S Corporation 0 
Partnership 
single-member LLC 
O Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation. S=S cciperetion.P=partnership). 
Note. For a single-member LLC that is disregarded. do not check LLC: check the appropriate box in 
the tax classification of the angle-member owner. 
Other (see instructions). 
Trust/estate 
Exemptions 
certain entities. 
instructions 
Exempt payee 
Exemption 
code (if any) 
(Accees to accams 
(codes apply only to 
not individuals; see 
on page 3): 
code Of any) 
from FATCA reporting 
the line above for 
miviesombxentle me U. S) 
Address (number. street. and apt. or suite no.) 
Requesters name and address (optional) 
City. state. and ZIP code 
List account number(s) here Condone° 
Part I 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on line 1 to avoid 
backup withholding. For individuals. this is generally your social secunty number (SSN). However. for a 
resident alien. sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the Part I instructions on page 3. For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number. see How to got a 
TIN on page 3. 
Note. If the account is in more than one name. see the instructions for line 1 and the chart on page 4 for 
guidelines on whose number to enter. 
ligusi 
Certification
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me): and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding; and 
Social security number 
or 
Employer identification number 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below): and 
4. The FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating that I am exempt from FATCA reporting is correct. 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions. item 2 does not apply. For mortgage 
interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement (IRA), and 
generally, payments other than interest and dividends. you are not required to sign the certification. but you must provide your correct TIN. See the 
instructions on page 3. 
Sign 
I Signature of 
Here 
U.S. person ► 
Date ► 
General Instructions 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise noted. 
Future developments. Information about developments affectrg Form W-9 (such 
as legislation enacted after we release it) is at wwwars.gov/M9. 
Purpose of Form 
M individual or entity Form W-9 requester) who is required to file an information 
return with the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (TIN) 
which may be your social security number (SSN). ndividual taxpayer identification 
number (MN). adoption taxpayer identification nu rnber (ATIN). or employer 
identification number (EIN). to report on an information return the amount paid to 
you. or other amount reportable on an information return. Examples of information 
returns include. but are not limited to. the following: 
• Form 1099-INT (interest earned or paid) 
• Form 1099-DIV (dividends. including those from stocks or mutual funds) 
• Form 1099-MISC (various types of income, prizes, awards, or gross proceeds) 
• Form 109943 (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other transactions by 
brokers) 
• Form 1099-S (proceeds from real estate transactions) 
• Form 1099-K (merchant card and Med party network transactions) 
• Form 1098 Nome mortgage interest). 1098-E (student loan interest). 1098-1 
(tuition) 
• Form 1099-C (canceled debt) 
• Form 1099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured property) 
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident alien). to 
provide your correct TIN. 
If you do not return Form W-9 to the requester with a TIN. you might be subject 
to backup withholding. See What is backup withholding? on page 2. 
By signing the filled-out form. you: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are welkin for a number 
to be issued). 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding. or 
3. Clain exemption from backup withholding if you area U.S. exempt payee. If 
applicable. you are also certifying that as a U.S. person. your allocable share of 
any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business is not subject to the 
withholding tax on foreign partners' share of effectively connected income. and 
4. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating that you are 
exempt from the FATCA mewing, is correct. See What is FATCA reporting? on 
page 2 for further infatuation. 
Cat. No. I 0231X 
Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2014) 
EFTA00810396
--- PAGE 36 ---
TAX WITHHOLDING INFORMATION / INSTRUCTIONS FOR FOREIGN PERSONS 
The General Partner is required to withhold a certain portion of the taxable income and gain allocated or 
distributed to each Investor unless the Investor provides documentation confirming that such Investor is 
not subject to withholding, or is subject to a reduced rate of withholding. The following information is 
provided to assist the Investor in complying with the U.S. rules for backup withholding and withholding 
with respect to income earned by Foreign Persons (as defined below). This information is only a 
summary, and is not a substitute for the advice of a tax advisor. Each Investor is urged to consult with a 
tax advisor concerning the application of the U.S. withholding rules to such Investor. 
The type of documentation required by the Investor is a function of whether the Investor is a Foreign 
Person. "Foreign Persons" include nonresident aliens, foreign corporations, foreign partnerships, foreign 
trusts or foreign estates (as each of those terms is defined in the Code and Treasury Regulations). In the 
case of entities that are disregarded for purposes of U.S. tax law (e.g., fiscally transparent entities with a 
single owner that have not elected to be taxed as a corporation for U.S. tax purposes), such entities are 
treated as U.S. Persons' or Foreign Persons depending on the residence and status of their owners, rather 
than on where the disregarded entities are organized. Thus, an investor that is a U.S. disregarded entity 
with a foreign owner will generally be treated as a Foreign Person and should complete and submit the 
appropriate Form W-8 (as discussed below) based on the owner's status. An investor that is a foreign 
disregarded entity with a U.S. owner will generally be treated as a U.S. Person and should complete and 
submit Form W-9 (as discussed below). 
If the Investor is a U.S. Person, please complete U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9. Such Investor 
agrees to notify the General Partner within 60 days if the Investor ceases to be a U.S. Person. 
If the Investor is a Foreign Person, please complete either U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, 
W-8BEN-E, Form W-8ECI, Form W-8EXP or Form W-8IMY (along with any accompanying 
withholding certificates or other required statements, if appropriate), in accordance with the instructions 
provided below and the printed instructions included with the appropriate form. Links to these forms and 
their instructions are also included at the end of this instruction. These forms must be updated and 
provided again to the General Partner in certain circumstances, as described in the printed instructions 
provided with each form. Additionally, the General Partner may request updated submissions of the 
Investor's Form W-8BEN, W-BEN-E, Form W-8ECI, Form W-8EXP or Form W-8IMY when 
amendments to these forms are made. 
"U.S. Person" means an individual who is a citizen of the U.S. or a resident alien for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes; a corporation, an entity taxable as a corporation, or a partnership created or organized in or under the 
laws of the U.S. or any state or political subdivision thereof or therein (including the District of Columbia); an 
estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or a trust if (i) a court 
within the U.S. is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. Persons have the 
authority to control all of its substantial decisions or (ii) such trust was in existence on August 20, 1996 and was 
treated as a domestic trust on August 19, 1996 and such trust has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury 
Regulations to be treated as a U.S. Person. 
EFTA00810397
--- PAGE 37 ---
The following summary guidelines are provided for the benefit of those Foreign Persons required to 
provide Form W-8. In addition to the information provided herein, please refer to the printed instructions 
included for the applicable From W-8 for more detailed guidelines. 
(a) 
The following Foreign Persons should complete and provide Form W-8EXP: 
a foreign government; 
(ii) 
an international organization; 
(iii) 
a foreign central bank of issue; 
(iv) 
a foreign tax-exempt organization; 
(v) 
a foreign private foundation; and 
(vi) 
the government of a U.S. possession claiming the applicability of Section 115(2), 501(c), 
892, 895 or 1443(b) of the Code. 
(b) 
An investor that holds an interest in the Fund which is effectively connected with the investor's 
conduct of a U.S. trade or business should complete and provide Form W-8ECI. 
(c) 
The following Foreign Persons should complete and provide Form W-8IMY: 
Any Foreign Person (including a custodian, broker, nominee or agent) that holds the 
Fund interest on behalf of another person; 
(ii) 
Any Foreign Person that is a flow-through entity or fiscally transparent (including a 
foreign partnership or foreign trust); 
(iii) 
A foreign branch of a U.S. Person to establish that it is a qualified intermediary that is not 
acting for its own account; and 
(iv) 
A U.S. branch of a foreign bank or foreign insurance company, to represent that (A) the 
interest in the Fund is not effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or 
business and (B) that either (1) the U.S. branch is to be treated as a U.S. person with 
respect to any payments associated with the interest in the Fund; or (2) the U.S. branch is 
providing the documentation of the persons for whom it holds the interest in the Fund. 
In order to avoid withholding on income allocated to an interest in the Fund held by the Foreign 
Persons described in this paragraph (c), such Foreign Persons must also provide additional 
information and documentation as detailed in the printed instructions accompanying 
Form W-8IMY. 
Most Foreign Persons described in this paragraph (c) will need to provide the infortnation 
including, but not limited to, the following: 
(1) 
A withholding statement including: 
the name, address, U.S. TIN# (including an MN#, if any) and type of 
withholding documentation for every person for whom documentation 
has been received; 
(ii) 
whether each such person is a U.S. Person exempt from backup 
withholding, a U.S. Person subject to backup withholding, or a Foreign 
Person; 
(iii) 
whether each Foreign Person is a beneficial owner or intermediary, flow-
through entity or U.S. branch; 
EFTA00810398
--- PAGE 38 ---
(iv) 
how income attributable to the interest in the Fund should be allocated 
among the beneficial owners on whose behalf the interest in the Fund is 
held (see printed instructions to Form W-8IMY (attached) for an 
alternative allocation procedure); 
(A) 
for each beneficial owner who is a Foreign Person, the 
applicable rate of withholding, country of residence, the basis for 
any reduced rate of withholding, and other information; and 
(B) 
any other information requested by the General Partner for 
purposes of fulfilling its withholding obligations. 
(2) 
A Form W-8 and other documentary evidence supporting the information 
contained in the withholding statement for each beneficial owner listed in the 
withholding statement. 
Certain Foreign Persons described in this paragraph (c) may have entered into an agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service to act as a withholding foreign partnership, withholding foreign 
trust, or qualified intermediary. Such Foreign Persons should consult the printed instructions to 
Form W-8IMY to determine the information they must provide to the General Partner to reduce 
or eliminate withholding on income allocated to their interests in the Fund. 
(d) 
A Foreign Person who is not described in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above, and who will be the 
beneficial owner of an interest in the Fund, should complete and provide Form W-8BEN or 
W-8BEN-E. 
** Most investors will need to complete Form W-8BEN (if they are investing as individuals) or 
Form W-8BEN-E (if they are investing as entities (other than foreign investment funds))** 
Form W-8BEN (for individuals): htta://wvnv.irs.eov/aub/irs-adf/fw8ben.ridf 
Form W-8BEN Instructions: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/iw8ben.pdf 
Form W-8BEN-E (for entities): http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw8bene.pdf 
Form W-8BEN-E Instructions: httplAvww.irs.eov/imb/irs-pdf/iw8bene.pdf 
Form W-8IMY: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw8imv.pdf 
Form W-8IMY Instructions: htm://wwvv.irs.eov/Dub/irs-pdf/iw8imv.ildf 
Form W-8ECI: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw8eci.pdf 
Form W-8ECI Instructions: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/iw8eci.pdf 
Form W-8EXP: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdflfw8exp.pdf 
Form W-8EXP Instructions: httm//vvww.irs.Rov/pub/irs-ridf/iw8exp.pdf 
EFTA00810399

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810400.pdf
----------------------------------------
Do Not Copy or Distribute Without Written Permission from Valar Ventures LLC 
Valar Global Fund IV LP 
$150,000,000 
VALAR 
Limited Partner Interests 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Valar Ventures LLC 
915 Broadway, Suite 1101 
New York, New York 10010 
Copy # 
Issued to: 
148264373 vl 
EFTA00810400
--- PAGE 2 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND IV LP 
$150,000,000 
Limited Partner Interests 
THIS CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM (THE "MEMORANDUM") HAS 
BEEN PREPARED SOLELY FOR USE BY THE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS OF VALAR GLOBAL 
FUND IV LP (THE "FUND" OR THE "PARTNERSHIP") AND SHALL BE MAINTAINED IN 
STRICT CONFIDENCE. EACH RECIPIENT HEREOF ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT 
(I) THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTE PROPRIETARY AND 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, (II) VALAR VENTURES GP IV LLC (THE "GENERAL 
PARTNER"), VALAR VENTURES LLC (THE "MANAGEMENT COMPANY') AND THEIR 
AFFILIATES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE FUND (COLLECTIVELY, THE 
"FIRM") DERIVE INDEPENDENT ECONOMIC VALUE FROM SUCH CONFIDENTIAL 
INFORMATION NOT BEING GENERALLY KNOWN, AND (III) SUCH CONFIDENTIAL 
INFORMATION IS THE SUBJECT OF REASONABLE EFFORTS TO MAINTAIN ITS SECRECY. 
THE RECIPIENT FURTHER AGREES THAT THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM ARE A 
TRADE SECRET, THE DISCLOSURE OF WHICH IS LIKELY TO CAUSE SUBSTANTIAL AND 
IRREPARABLE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE FIRM. 
ANY REPRODUCTION OR 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS MEMORANDUM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OR THE DISCLOSURE OF 
ITS CONTENTS, WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGEMENT 
COMPANY, IS PROHIBITED. EACH PERSON WHO HAS RECEIVED THIS MEMORANDUM IS 
DEEMED TO AGREE TO RETURN THIS MEMORANDUM TO THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY 
UPON REQUEST. THE EXISTENCE AND NATURE OF ALL CONVERSATIONS REGARDING 
THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING MUST BE KEPT CONFIDENTIAL. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED IN CONNECTION WITH A PRIVATE OFFERING 
TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS OF LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS IN THE FUND (THE 
"INTERESTS"). 
EACH INVESTOR WILL BE REQUIRED TO EXECUTE A LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (AS AMENDED, RESTATED AND/OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, THE "PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT') AND SUBSCRIPTION 
AGREEMENT AND INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE (THE "SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT') TO 
EFFECT ITS INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. THIS MEMORANDUM CONTAINS A SUMMARY 
OF THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND CERTAIN 
OTHER DOCUMENTS REFERRED TO HEREIN. 
HOWEVER, THE SUMMARIES IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM DO NOT PURPORT TO BE COMPLETE AND ARE SUBJECT TO AND ARE 
QUALIFIED IN THEIR ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE ACTUAL TEXT OF THE 
RELEVANT DOCUMENT, COPIES OF WHICH WILL BE PROVIDED TO EACH PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR UPON REQUEST. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD REVIEW THE 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND SUCH OTHER 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810401
--- PAGE 3 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
ii 
DOCUMENTS FOR COMPLETE INFORMATION CONCERNING THE RIGHTS, PRIVILEGES 
AND OBLIGATIONS OF INVESTORS IN THE FUND. IF ANY OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS 
OR OTHER PROVISIONS OF THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE SUBSCRIPTION 
AGREEMENT OR SUCH OTHER DOCUMENTS ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO 
THE DESCRIPTIONS OR TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM, THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, 
THE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT OR SUCH OTHER DOCUMENTS SHALL CONTROL. THE 
FIRM RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE 
INTERESTS DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, AND THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED 
SUBJECT TO THE GENERAL PARTNER'S ABILITY TO REJECT ANY COMMITMENT IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY 
UNITED STATES STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN 
JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD UNDER THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(2) OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND REGULATION D 
PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND OTHER EXEMPTIONS OF SIMILAR IMPORT IN THE 
LAWS OF THE STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE OFFERING WILL BE 
MADE. THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE 
"INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT). CONSEQUENTLY, INVESTORS WILL NOT BE AFFORDED 
THE PROTECTIONS OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. 
THE INTERESTS DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON 
TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT 
AS PERMITTED UNDER THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT AND THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION 
THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY WILL BE REQUIRED TO BEAR 
THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE FUND'S INVESTMENTS WILL BE CHARACTERIZED BY A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK, 
VOLATILITY AND ILLIQUIDITY. A PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER SHOULD THOROUGHLY 
REVIEW THE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN AND THE TERMS OF 
THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT AND SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT, AND CAREFULLY 
CONSIDER WHETHER AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND IS SUITABLE TO THE INVESTOR'S 
FINANCIAL SITUATION AND GOALS. 
CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN 
OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER PARTIES. WHILE SUCH 
SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, NEITHER THE FUND, THE GENERAL PARTNER, 
NOR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE 
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM NOR ANY STATEMENT HEREIN SHOULD BE TAKEN TO IMPLY THAT ANY 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF ANY TIME SUBSEQUENT TO THE 
DATE HEREOF. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY STATEMENT CONCERNING THE 
FUND OR THE SALE OF THE INTERESTS DISCUSSED HEREIN OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH 
IN THIS MEMORANDUM, AND ANY SUCH STATEMENTS, IF MADE, MUST NOT BE RELIED 
UPON. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810402
--- PAGE 4 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
iii 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE CAUTIONED NOT TO RELY ON THE PRIOR RETURN 
INFORMATION SET FORTH HEREIN IN MAKING A DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO 
PURCHASE THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY. THE RETURN INFORMATION CONTAINED 
HEREIN HAS NOT BEEN AUDITED OR VERIFIED BY ANY INDEPENDENT PARTY AND 
SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE RETURNS THAT MAY BE 
RECEIVED BY AN INVESTOR IN THE FUND. CERTAIN FACTORS EXIST THAT MAY AFFECT 
COMPARABILITY INCLUDING, AMONG OTHERS, THE DEDUCTION OF FEES AND 
EXPENSES AND THE PAYMENT OF A CARRIED INTEREST. CERTAIN FACTUAL AND 
STATISTICAL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM 
PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER PARTIES AND HAS NOT BEEN 
INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. 
OPINIONS AND ESTIMATES MAY BE CHANGED WITHOUT NOTICE. IN CONSIDERING THE 
PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE 
OF FUTURE RESULTS, AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL 
ACHIEVE COMPARABLE RESULTS. 
CERTAIN STATEMENTS OF PAST PERFORMANCE OF OTHER INVESTMENT FUNDS 
MANAGED BY THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY OR AFFILIATES THEREOF AND CERTAIN 
ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION, CONTAINED HEREIN INCLUDES PROJECTIONS 
AND ESTIMATES MADE BY THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY AND OTHER PARTIES. THE 
PROJECTED RETURNS CONTAINED HEREIN MAY BE CALCULATED ON A COMPANY BY 
COMPANY BASIS, AND ARE BASED ON ESTIMATES OF THE EVENTUAL MAGNITUDE AND 
THE TIMING OF THE RETURNS FROM EACH COMPANY MADE BY THE MANAGEMENT 
COMPANY. THE PROJECTED RETURNS AND ESTIMATES OF ECONOMIC AND MARKET 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES AND: (I) ARE 
BASED UPON ASSUMPTIONS CONCERNING CIRCUMSTANCES AND EVENTS THAT HAVE 
NOT YET OCCURRED AND (II) MAY BE SUBJECT TO BEING INFLUENCED BY EVENTS 
BEYOND THE CONTROL OF THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY. ACTUAL RESULTS COULD 
DIFFER SIGNIFICANTLY. NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
IS MADE BY THE FIRM AS TO THE REASONABLENESS OR ACCURACY OF THE 
PROJECTIONS OR ESTIMATES AND, AS A RESULT, SUCH PROJECTIONS AND ESTIMATES 
SHOULD BE VIEWED SOLELY AS AN ORDERLY REPRESENTATION OF ESTIMATED 
RESULTS IF UNDERLYING ASSUMPTIONS ARE REALIZED. INVESTORS SHOULD SUBJECT 
THE PROJECTIONS AND ESTIMATES TO REVIEW BY THEIR OWN PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS. UPON REQUEST, THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY WILL PROVIDE INVESTORS 
WITH THE ASSUMPTIONS AND METHODOLOGIES USED IN PREPARING THE PROJECTIONS 
AND ESTIMATES. 
THE MEMORANDUM, TOGETHER WITH ANY AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS 
THERETO, AND ANY OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS DISTRIBUTED TO THE LIMITED 
PARTNERS (TOGETHER, THE "OFFERING MATERIALS") CONTAIN CERTAIN STATEMENTS 
WITH RESPECT TO, AND DISCLOSE CERTAIN INFORMATION WITH REGARD, TO THE 
THIEL PERSONS (AS DEFINED HEREIN). NONE OF THE THIEL PERSONS MAKES ANY 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENTS OF THE OFFERING 
MATERIALS. NONE OF THE THIEL PERSONS HAS OR ASSUMES ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR 
ANY PART OF THE FORM OR SUBSTANCE OF THE OFFERING MATERIALS, AND THE 
OFFERING MATERIALS, IN THEIR ENTIRETY, ARE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE GENERAL 
PARTNER AND THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY. THE THIEL PERSONS ARE RELYING, 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810403
--- PAGE 5 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
iv 
WITHOUT INDEPENDENT VERIFICATION, ON THE ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF 
OFFERING MATERIALS. 
INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE THEIR OWN INVESTIGATIONS AND EVALUATIONS OF THE 
FUND, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED IN AN INVESTMENT THEREIN. 
PRIOR TO ANY INVESTMENT, THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL GIVE INVESTORS THE 
OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS OF AND RECEIVE ANSWERS AND ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION FROM IT CONCERNING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS OFFERING 
AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS TO THE EXTENT THE GENERAL PARTNER POSSESSES 
THE SAME OR CAN ACQUIRE IT WITHOUT UNREASONABLE EFFORT OR EXPENSE. 
INVESTORS SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES AS TO THE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS 
APPLICABLE TO THEM IN RESPECT OF THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION 
OF THE INTERESTS IN THE FUND, AND AS TO THE INCOME AND OTHER TAX 
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF SUCH ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL, OR A SOLICITATION 
OF AN OFFER TO BUY, AN INTEREST IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL 
TO MAKE SUCH AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION. NEITHER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE OR FOREIGN 
REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY 
HAS APPROVED AN 
INVESTMENT 
IN 
THE FUND. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY 
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM, NOR IS IT INTENDED THAT 
THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES WILL DO SO. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY 
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
YOUR INVESTMENT WILL BE DENOMINATED IN UNITED STATES DOLLARS ($) AND, 
THEREFORE, WILL BE SUBJECT TO ANY FLUCTUATION IN THE RATE OF EXCHANGE 
BETWEEN UNITED STATES DOLLARS ($), THE CURRENCY OF YOUR OWN JURISDICTION 
AND THE CURRENCY OF THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH ANY FUND PORTFOLIO COMPANY 
OPERATES OR GENERATES INVESTMENT PROCEEDS, AS APPLICABLE. 
SUCH 
FLUCTUATIONS MAY HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE VALUE, PRICE OR INCOME OF 
YOUR INVESTMENT. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
CERTAIN STATEMENTS IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTE FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
WHEN USED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, THE WORDS "MAY,- "WILL," 
"SHOULD," "PROJECT," "ANTICIPATE," "BELIEVE," "ESTIMATE," "INTEND," "EXPECT," 
"CONTINUE," AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF ARE 
GENERALLY INTENDED TO IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. 
SUCH 
FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS, 
INCLUDING THE INTENDED ACTIONS AND 
PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES OF THE GENERAL PARTNER, FUND, OR ANY PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY 
REFERENCED 
HEREIN, 
INVOLVE 
KNOWN 
AND 
UNKNOWN 
RISKS, 
UNCERTAINTIES, AND OTHER IMPORTANT FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE THE ACTUAL 
RESULTS, PERFORMANCE, OR ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE GENERAL PARTNER, FUND, OR 
ANY PORTFOLIO COMPANY TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS, 
PERFORMANCE, OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY SUCH FORWARD-
LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE 
PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. ALL FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS IN THIS MEMORANDUM SPEAK ONLY AS OF THE DATE HEREOF. THE FUND 
AND THE GENERAL PARTNER 
EXPRESSLY 
DISCLAIM 
ANY OBLIGATION OR 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810404
--- PAGE 6 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
V 
UNDERTAKING TO DISSEMINATE ANY UPDATES OR REVISIONS TO ANY FORWARD-
LOOKING STATEMENT CONTAINED HEREIN TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN ITS 
EXPECTATION WITH REGARD THERETO OR ANY CHANGE IN EVENTS, CONDITIONS, OR 
CIRCUMSTANCES ON WHICH ANY SUCH STATEMENT IS BASED. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE NOT TO CONSTRUE THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
INVESTMENT, LEGAL, TAX, REGULATORY, FINANCIAL, ACCOUNTING OR OTHER 
ADVICE, AND THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE THE SOLE BASIS FOR 
ANY EVALUATION OF AN INVESTMENT IN AN INTEREST. PRIOR TO ACQUIRING AN 
INTEREST, A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT WITH ITS OWN LEGAL, 
INVESTMENT, TAX, ACCOUNTING, AND OTHER ADVISORS TO DETERMINE THE 
POTENTIAL BENEFITS, BURDENS, AND OTHER CONSEQUENCES OF SUCH INVESTMENT. 
+++ 
ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS OFFERING, AND ANY REQUESTS FOR COPIES OF THE 
MEMORANDUM, THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT AND THE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
SHOULD BE FORWARDED TO: 
Valar Ventures LLC 
915 Broadway, Suite 1101 
New York, New York 10010 
email: 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810405
--- PAGE 7 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
vi 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
II. 
KEY PRINCIPAL TERMS 
III. 
INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
IV. 
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES 
V. 
PARTNERSHIP MANAGEMENT 
VI. 
INVESTMENT HISTORY 
VII. 
FUND PERFORMANCE AND PORTFOLIO COMPANY PROFILES 
VIII. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS 
IX. 
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS 
X. 
CERTAIN TAX AND REGULATORY MATTERS 
XI. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
APPENDIX A: LEGAL NOTICES 
A-I 
APPENDIX B: FUND COMPOSITION AND PERFORMANCE 
B-I 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810406
--- PAGE 8 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
I. 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
Valar Ventures is a venture capital firm focused on identifying and investing in high-growth, early-stage 
technology companies with the potential to become multi-billion dollar enterprises within 5.7 years of 
initial investment. Based in New York City, and with one of the strongest brands and networks in the 
industry, Valar is uniquely positioned to identify and access exceptional early-stage investment 
opportunities across geographies — from the Bay Area to New York to Europe. 
Andrew McCormack and James Fitzgerald (the "Managing Partners") formed Valar Ventures in 2010 
while working at Thiel Capital, Peter Thiel's family office. Peter was Valar's initial sponsor and 
represented over S0% of the firm's capital commitments, on an aggregate basis, in the firm's initial 
investment vehicles (collectively referred to herein as "Fund I"). Valar Ventures spun-out of Thiel 
Capital in 2013 and is now backed by a broad range of endowments, foundations, institutional wealth 
managers, family offices and high net worth individuals. Andrew and James are the sole members of the 
firm's Investment Committee and are responsible for all of the firm's day-to-day operations. 
The Firm currently manages over $300 million in capital commitments across all its funds and investment 
vehicles, and is currently investing out of Valar Global Fund 3, a $100 million fund that is more than 90% 
invested or reserved for follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies. 
Valar is now raising a further fund ("Fund 4", the "Fund" or the "Partnership") with targeted capital 
commitments of $100.150 million. The Fund is expected to emphasize Series A and Series B stage 
investments in high-growth technology companies based in first-world economies, with a focus on the 
US, Europe and Canada, where Valar believes the opportunity to build a massive, globally dominant 
technology company is the highest (the "Strategy"). 
Since inception, Valar has consistently generated significant returns for its investors, across all of its 
funds. Fund I has significantly outperformed industry benchmarks. And while Funds 2 and 3 are still too 
early for industry comps, the net IRRs are evidence of early traction in the firm's major investments in 
those funds. 
As of June 30, 2017, Valar has deployed $254.7 million in the Strategy, with a gross asset value of $649.4 
million, including realized and unrealized investment gains and losses. Valar Fund I (an aggregation of 
all funds and investments vehicle managed by Valar prior to the formation of Valar Fund 2) has a current 
gross multiple of 4.3x since October 2010, which, if treated as a single fund, would place its performance 
within the top echelon of all venture funds and one that has significantly outperformed common public 
market index references, such as the S&P 500.1 Out of a total 15 portfolio companies where Valar has 
invested at least $5 million since inception, two (Xero and TransferWise) have already achieved 
valuations in excess of a billion dollars and three (Breather, N26 and Stash) have already achieved 
valuations in excess of a quarter of a billion dollars. 
Composition of public market indices may not be comparable with composition of Valar's portfolio and past performance may 
not be an indicator of future performance. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810407
--- PAGE 9 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
RESULTS 
Inception Capital 
Commitments 
Current 
FMV 
Gross/Net 
Multiple 
Gross/Net IRR 
DPI 
% of Fun 
Invested/ 
Reserved 
Fund 1 
Oct 2010 
$100.0M 
$411.8M 
4.3x / 3.4x 
43.7% / 36.3% 
1.2x 
100% 
Fund 2 
Jan 2015 
$102.3M 
$139.5M 
1.6x / I.3x 
36.2% / 27.9% 
N/A 
100% 
Fund 3 
July 2016 
$103.9M 
$94.8M 
1.4x / I.3x 
207.4% / 146.0% N/A 
90% 
- All figure presented are unaudited estimates 'n USD as of 6/30/2017, including signed deals that are expec ed to 
lose in Q3. Gross figures do not include the impact of fees, expenses and carry, and net figures are calculated by 
reducing gross investment profits by a flat 25/. for hypothetical management fees, expenses. and carry. Past 
performance may not be an indicator of future performance. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810408
--- PAGE 10 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
II. 
KEY PRINCIPAL TERMS 
The following information is presented as a summary of certain of the Fund's key principal terms only 
and is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained in "Section VII. Summary of 
Principal Terms" herein and by the Partnership Agreement, which will be circulated to investors prior to 
closing. To the extent that this summary conflicts with the Partnership Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement will control. 
Target Size 
$100 million - 150 million 
General Partner 
Commitment 
At least 1% of fee-bearing capital 
Term 
years, subject to two, one-year extensions at the General Partner's 
discretion and thereafter with the consent of a majority in interest of 
the Limited Partners 
Commitment Period 
years 
Management Fee 
2.5% of Limited Partners' capital commitments until the end of the 
Commitment Period; reduced thereafter by 0.1% annually, but not 
below 1.5% of the aggregate capital commitments of the Limited 
Partners 
Management Fee 
Reduction 
100% of all directors, consulting, management services, transaction, 
advisory, break-up or broken deal fees 
Carried Interest 
Carried interest is not payable until 100% of capital contributions have 
been returned to the Partners, and thereafter will be 20% of net profits 
until the Fund distributes to each Limited Partner an amount equal to 
300% of its capital commitment; thereafter 25% of net profits until the 
Fund distributes to each Limited Partner an amount equal to 600% of 
its capital commitment; thereafter 30% of net profits (in each case, with 
full catch-up for the General Partner) 
Clawback 
Yes, with a guaranty by each managing member of its share on a 
several, but not joint, basis 
Investment Committee / 
Key Persons 
James Fitzgerald and Andrew McCormack 
No Fault Termination 
Yes, at any time by the election of eighty percent (80%) in interest of 
the Limited Partners 
Organizational Expenses 
Capped at $500,000 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810409
--- PAGE 11 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
III. 
INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
A. 
CORE STRATEGY 
Valar's core strategy is to use its strong brand and its execution-oriented team structure to invest in high-
growth, early stage technology companies located in North America and Europe. 
Stage: Valar's typical initial investment is generally sized at $3-$12 million into a company that has an 
enterprise (pre-money) valuation of between $20 and $100 million (in general, Series A and Series B 
stage investments). A small amount of each fund (up to 10% of capital commitments) may be invested 
into earlier, seed stage companies, which are considered non-core to the fund's strategy, but some of 
which may develop into major investments for a fund. In Funds 2 and 3, the average initial check size for 
major investments has been approximately $7 million. Before making an initial investment, Valar looks 
for a company to have achieved some initial product/market fit. This can be evidenced by significant 
customer engagement, early revenue growth, executed partnership agreements (especially in an enterprise 
sales distribution model) or other market validation of the company's vision and execution. The amount 
of traction required prior to the Fund investing may vary depending on the market a company is focused 
on. For example, fintech companies that are digitizing previously analog or inefficient business processes 
require less proof points, whereas marketplace businesses or companies that are unlocking previously 
hidden demand require more evidence of traction prior to Valar investing. The Managing Partners also 
look to the strength of a company's team (including "founder/market fit") as evidence that it is at an 
appropriate stage to warrant an investment. Valar is comfortable making sizeable investments at even 
very early stages where the above dynamics are in place. 
Sector: Valar is focused on backing companies with the potential to become multi-billion dollar 
enterprises during the life of the Fund. Valar believes these companies tend to be high-margin businesses 
focused on massive markets, such as currency transfer (Transferwise), banking (N26, Qonto), commercial 
real estate (Breather), insurance (Jetty, Coya), investing/retirement savings (Stash), accounting software 
(Xero), and human resources/compliance software (Kato). Given that the statistical likelihood of success 
for any individual startup is low, Valar believes that constructing a portfolio of companies that are 
operating in trillion dollar industries provides the highest potential to produce at least one significant 
success. In sourcing and filtering investment opportunities, Valar's investment process eliminates 
companies that do not have a massive Total Addressable Market ("TAM"). Most often, when the firm 
passes on an investment, it's because it failed this TAM test. 
Geography: Valar backs companies that are founded in, and focused on, the United States and Europe. 
Valar believes that these first-world geographies have the highest potential to consistently produce the 
sort of multi-billion dollar technology companies that Valar seeks to invest in. Valar's headquarters in 
New York City affords it a key advantage in accessing opportunities on the East Coast and in Europe 
while still being within reasonable distance (in terms of time zones and flight times) to work with its 
companies that are based in, or ultimately relocate to, the Bay Area. 
Within North American and Europe, Valar believes that certain cities have a significant advantage in 
terms of affording a startup the best chance of success. While in theory, an internet-based business can 
be started from anywhere in the world, scaling a technology company into a global champion requires 
access to a deep network of capital, business partners and available talent at all stages of the company's 
lifecycle. Valar believes that, in the Western World, these dynamics are most prevalent in Silicon Valley, 
New York, London, Berlin and Paris, and to a lesser extent, in the smaller cities that feed into the larger 
tech hubs (e.g., Provo, Boulder, Portland, Seattle, Los Angeles, all of which feed into Silicon Valley; 
Conlidcanal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810410
--- PAGE 12 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
Toronto, Montreal, and Boston, which feed into New York; or Amsterdam, Stockholm, Helsinki, and 
Tallinn, which feed into London). 
In Fund 4, Valar intends to continue focusing on companies being built in the geographies in North 
America and Europe where Valar has previously invested and where its brand value, networks and 
experience give it a significant competitive advantage in terms of accessing the best opportunities. 
B. 
TARGET RETURNS & PORTFOLIO CONSTRUCTION 
Valar intends for each of its flagship funds to realize a 4-6x gross return over the life of the fund. In order 
to achieve this, Valar places significant importance on the following portfolio construction practices that 
maximize the potential for outsized returns: 
High Concentration: Valar believes strongly in the "power law" theory of venture finance, where the 
single best performing investment tends to generate a greater return than all of the other investments in a 
fund combined (and where the second-best performing investment contributes more to the fund's 
performance than all other investment thereafter combined, and so on). Accordingly, Valar expects that 
a limited number of major investments — companies meriting at least $3M in capital from the fund - will 
receive 90% of the fund's invested capital on a cost basis (e.g., 6-8 major investments in a $100M fund), 
and that the top performing two (or sometimes three) best investments will receive more than 50% of a 
fund's invested capital. 
For example, in Fund I, two companies, Xero and Transferwise, which make up nearly 100% of Fund 
l's profits, received approximately 54% of Fund I (based on committed capital). Similarly, 
approximately 52% of Fund 2 committed capital has been invested in three companies (Breather, N26 
and Kalo), with Breather reaching the fund's concentration limit of 25%. And in Fund 3, three companies 
(Stash, Octane and Qonto) account for 42% of Fund 3's capital commitments, with significant reserves 
remaining for additional follow-on investment, if warranted. 
Significant Follow-On Capital into the Best Performers: Valar believes ensuring that the best performing 
company or companies have received the lion's share of the fund's investment is key to managing a 
successful, highly concentrated venture fund. Valar works to achieve this by legging into its investments 
over time, affording the Managing Partners the opportunity to monitor the performance of each company 
and determine where the fund's incremental dollars are best allocated. For example, in Fund I, Valar 
made four separate investments into Xero over the span of 3+ years (with the third investment being by 
far its largest) and three investments into Transferwise, writing larger checks in each subsequent round. 
Moreover, Valar led Transferwise's Series A and Series B, taking advantage of Valar's position as an 
insider to identify a business that had extreme traction and velocity and significantly increase Fund l's 
ownership in the company at the right time. To this day, Valar remains the largest investor in 
Transferwise, a company now valued at $1.7B. The lessons from Fund I have been applied to Funds 2 
and 3, with Valar making three investments into each of Breather and N26 from Fund 2 (with the majority 
of Valar's investment into each company coming after Fund 2's first investment into each company) and 
three investments into Stash Invest from Fund 3 (where Valar co-led the Series A with a $3M investment, 
and then led the Series B with a $15M investment). Rather than simply taking additional "shots on goal" 
— a strategy that Valar believes is a common mistake among other venture firms — Valar intends to 
continue allocating the remaining reserves from both Funds 2 and 3 into its existing portfolio companies 
that demonstrate the highest expected returns for its investors. 
In some cases, later follow-on investments, including those at significantly higher valuations, may be 
made by separate co-investment vehicles or subsequent funds. In addition, Valar may raise a later stage 
"opportunity fund" in order to take advantage of access to growth stage rounds of companies that have 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810411
--- PAGE 13 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
exceeded the fund's early stage mandate (e.g., companies raising follow-on financing at valuations in 
excess of $250 million). 
Small Funds: Valar believes that smaller funds are more suited for investors looking to achieve annual 
returns in excess of a 20% IRR. Accordingly, all of Valar's funds have been relatively small, with Funds 
and 3 having capital commitments of just over $100M each. The firm is targeting $100M-$150M for 
Fund 4. Given the firm's investment pace, these smaller funds are expected to be fully deployed in 
approximately three years, with a new fund being raised every 18.24 months. 
Venture Math: As a result of Valar's portfolio construction principles (small funds with high 
concentration and significant follow-on in the best performing companies), any single portfolio company 
may return a fund multiple times. For example, in Fund 1, Transfenvise (which received 22% of the 
fund's capital commitments), currently accounts for over 2.5x the fund's capital commitments, a figure 
which the firm expects could end up being two or even three times higher. Valar expects that this dynamic 
may be even more manifest in Funds 2 and 3, where Valar has emphasized buying larger stakes of each 
company in its initial investment, increasing the firm's average ownership percentage in its major 
investments from 12% in Fund 1 to 16% in Fund 2 and nearly 20% in Fund 3. As a result, the average 
exit valuation required in order for a single company to return 100% of each fund's respective capital 
commitments was close to $1 billion for Fund 1, but only $650 million for Fund 2 and closer to $500 
million for Fund 3. 
Valar intends to employ the portfolio concentration principles outlined above in the operation of Fund 4. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810412
--- PAGE 14 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
IV. 
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES 
A. 
SUPERIOR DEAL FLOW & ACCESS 
Early-stage venture capital is fundamentally a people business. Valar's network and reputation are critical 
to identifying the most promising opportunities, convincing the best entrepreneurs to accept Valar's 
investment and then helping its companies access smart, down-stream capital. The Managing Partners 
have spent years building their network and cultivating relationships with key players in each of the 
venture eco-systems in which they operate. 
Deal Flow: Valar's superior deal flow comes from three sources: 
I. Valar/Thiel Proprietary Network: Prior to forming Valar, Andrew and James had already 
developed strong networks on both Coasts: Andrew in California, as part of the "PayPal 
Mafia", and James as a lawyer at a top Wall Street law firm in New York. Then, in 2008, 
the Managing Partners joined Peter Thiel at Clarium (later Thiel Capital), where they 
worked closely with many of the rising generation of start-ups and investors, including the 
founders and senior leadership of Palantir, Facebook, Eventbrite, Founders Fund, Tiger 
Global, Formation8 (now 8VC), 137 Ventures, and Goldcrest Capital, to name just a few. 
These relationships, together with Peter Thiel's initial support, accelerated the Managing 
Partners entry into venture capital and directly yielded some of the firm's best investments 
to date, including Transferwise (an introduction from Max Levchin), Stash Invest (an 
introduction through Andrew's San Francisco network) and Octane Lending (an 
introduction from James' former colleagues at Skadden). 
2. Local Connections: Similar to Silicon Valley, each of the major cities in which Valar 
operates has a known circle of top entrepreneurs and investors. The Managing Partners have 
added to their pre-existing relationships in the Bay Area by spending significant time over 
the past 5 years developing deep relationships with the major players in each of the other 
core cities in which it operates (e.g., New York, London, Berlin, Paris). Each of the tech 
hubs has fairly well established accelerator programs, angel investors and seed-stage 
investing communities. In particular, seed-stage venture firms that are not positioned to be 
lifecycle investors are attractive local partners for Valar, as those firms tend to be highly 
incented to share their best deal flow with deeper pocketed venture funds that can provide 
Series A, B and later financing to their portfolio companies. These relationships serve to 
channel deals to Valar as the investor of first choice when companies are looking to raise 
new financing rounds, particularly in New York (where working with a local investor is 
preferable to Bay Area money) and in Europe (where partnership with a US firm is viewed 
as a strong validation of a startups prospects). 
3. In-House Research: The Internet, it turns out, is a powerful source of information sharing, 
and the past few years have seen an explosion of technology-focused news outlets, blogs 
and daily email circulars that surface even the earliest and geographically most remote of 
startup financings. Because Valar is not generally the first money invested in a company, 
and because the best entrepreneurs are often highly attuned to building their online presence 
early, Valar can identify and monitor startups, even in distant geographies, before they reach 
an appropriate stage of investment for the Fund. Once a potential portfolio company is 
identified, Valar can use its local networks in the relevant market to obtain an introduction, 
or directly contact the company's management team, relying on the Firm's global reputation 
to access to the best companies. 
Conlidcnliat & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810413
--- PAGE 15 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
Access: The best entrepreneurs understand the importance of receiving investment from the most 
reputable venture firms. Unlike public companies or even later-stage private firms, information about 
early-stage startup companies is not readily available. As a result, many of the key contributors to a 
startup's ultimate success (e.g., potential employees, prospective customers and downstream investors) 
rely heavily on the signaling effect that results from a company receiving investment from a highly 
respected investor. Setting this virtuous circle in motion is of paramount concern to early-stage founders, 
and is arguably the single most important "value add" a venture investor can offer. In that regard, the 
imprimatur of Valar choosing to invest in one company over others has significant and immediate 
reputational and branding benefits to the chosen company. As a result of Valar's prior successes investing 
in leading fintech startups (Xero, Transfenvise, N26, Stash), Valar's reputation as a top fintech investor 
has grown significantly in the past two years. Moreover, Valar has demonstrated its ability to help attract 
future downstream financing from top funds, with several of the fum's portfolio companies taking 
subsequent capital from a number of the most respected VCs, including Accel (Xero), Andreesen-
Horowitz and IVP (Transfenvise), Coatue Management (Stash Invest), Menlo Ventures and Google 
Ventures (Breather), and Horizon Ventures (N26). 
Beyond the social proof the Valar brand provides, the Managing Partners have also cultivated a reputation 
for adding value by aligning the core terms of the company's governing documents towards growth and 
removing founder-unfriendly structures that constrain a startup's flexibility and growth. The Firm is 
known for practicing a high-availability, low-touch style of working with founders; connecting 
management with the Firm's networks and offering strategic advice and mentoring as needed. The strong 
referrals provided by Valar's portfolio company CEOs have become an important part of the Finn's 
ability to get into the best deals. Examples include Breather's Series B and Jetty's Series A, both of which 
were highly competitive rounds, and where the founders placed significant weight on the input provided 
by Valar's other portfolio companies. Valar expects that the continued success of its portfolio companies, 
and the increasing respect earned by the Managing Partners in the startup eco-system, will keep in motion 
the virtuous circle that helps drive persistence in venture capital returns for the best performing managers. 
B. 
WILLINGNESS TO TRAVEL 
For most Silicon Valley-based funds, making a small, early-stage investment (seed, Series A or even 
Series B) into an East Coast or European-based startup is simply not practical. The travel required to 
attend board meetings and work closely with companies at that stage is outside of the historical practice 
of most Bay Area VCs, a tradition that has been reinforced by both (a) the intense competition among 
VCs in the Bay Area (there is an important opportunity cost of spending time in other places), (b) the 
sheer difficulty in traveling from San Francisco to many of the emerging tech hubs (for example, there 
are no daily non-stop flights from San Francisco to Berlin, and there are no flights under 10 hours from 
San Francisco to anywhere in Europe), and (c) the simple realities of time zones (Continental Europe is 
+9.10 hours ahead of California, making scheduling board calls and informal check-ins very difficult). 
As a result, many of the most prestigious venture firms still remain largely focused on the West Coast at 
the seed, Series A and Series B stages. This dynamic creates a large and growing opportunity, which 
Valar has been capitalizing on by identifying and working with promising startups on the East Coast and 
in Europe before they are even on the radar or within the investment mandate of most West Coast venture 
capital funds. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810414
--- PAGE 16 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
C. 
EXECUTION-ORIENTED TEAM 
Valar's small size and execution-oriented team has been optimized to allow the Firm to move faster and 
outflank every firm it has competed against to date. The Managing Partners have devoted considerable 
thought to how to structure its team — an area that it believes has posed significant challenges to the ability 
of other venture capital firms to access opportunities outside of their home markets. 
The core dynamic of Valar's investment process is its "perpetual-partner-meeting" model, meaning that 
Andrew and James generally travel and take all calls and meetings together and thus possess nearly 
symmetric information and are in constant communication about all opportunities available to Valar. The 
ability to make partnership level decisions in real-time has been key to Valar's success in securing the 
best opportunities, even in the face of competition from older, more established venture firms with much 
larger funds and partnerships. Moreover, the Managing Partners attend board meetings and work on all 
major investments together, avoiding deal attribution or the political horse-trading that goes along with 
that (there is no "you support my deal and I will support your deal"). This dynamic is particularly 
important when determining how to allocate remaining dollars in a fund that are reserved for a limited 
number of follow-on opportunities. As noted above, Valar has been highly successfully preempting 
successive financing rounds (e.g., Transferwise, Breather, Stash); the Managing Partners' tight alignment 
and shared data set was key to those decisions. 
Valar expects to hire additional investment associates and back office personnel as it expands, but all 
investment decisions and deal sourcing are expected to be made by the existing Managing Partners for 
the foreseeable future. Valar believes that its small team and unanimous voting make it more nimble than 
firms with large investment committees, politicized "Monday meetings", struggles over attribution and 
economics, and other internal angst caused by large teams operating in an industry where lumpy, large 
gains, long divorced in time from the investment decision create unhealthy dynamics that erode returns. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810415
--- PAGE 17 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
V. 
PARTNERSHIP MANAGEMENT 
A. 
VOTING PROCESS AND CONTROL 
The Partnership will be managed by Andrew and James. Investment decisions will be made with the 
unanimous consent of James and Andrew (the "Investment Committee"). If either James or Andrew is 
affected by a conflict of interest, the additional consent of the Fund's Advisory Board regarding the 
proposed transaction will be sought. The General Partner anticipates appointing an advisory board of 
three to five members, to be selected in its discretion following the closing of the Fund. While Peter Thiel 
is not a member of the Investment Committee and is not expected to be involved in the day-to-day 
management of the Firm, he owns 20% of the General Partner and the Management Company and may 
retain veto rights over certain activities of the General Partner, the Management Company and the Fund. 
B. 
STRATEGIC DIRECTION 
Andrew and James have traveled the world and taken nearly all meetings together for the past seven years. 
Based on their intensive experience working together with entrepreneurs and portfolio companies on four 
continents, they have been able to iterate quickly and continuously refine the Strategy to optimize for the 
markets, stage of investment, founder attributes and firm structure with the highest potential for yielding 
outsized venture returns. 
C. 
TEAM BIOGRAPHIES 
Andrew McCormack 
Andrew is a founder and Managing Partner at Valar Ventures. Andrew's career in technology 
has included business and corporate development roles at eCount (acquired by Citicorp) and 
Yahoo! He joined PayPal in 2001, where he worked closely with Peter in preparing for the 
company's IPO. After PayPal's sale to eBay, Andrew helped launch Clarium Capital and later 
founded a restaurant group in San Francisco. 
In 2008, Andrew rejoined Peter at Thiel Capital, where he led various international initiatives 
for Thiel Capital and Peter personally. Andrew received his B.A. in Political Science from the 
University of Pennsylvania. 
James Fitzgerald 
James is a founder and Managing Partner at Valar Ventura. Prior to Valar, he was COO and 
General Counsel of Peter Thiel's global parent company, Thiel Capital, where he helped manage 
Peter's extensive network of investments and businesses. In that capacity, he worked closely 
with Founders Fund, Mithril, and Clarium. 
Prior to joining Thiel Capital, James practiced law for seven years in the New York office of 
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP. He received his J.D. from the University of 
California, Los Angeles and his undergraduate degree from Brigham Young University. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810416
--- PAGE 18 ---
VALAR 
II 
Private Placement Memorandum 
Reuben Kobuinik 
Reuben is the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Valar Ventures, 
responsible for all operational, financial reporting and legal matters. 
Prior to joining Valar, Reuben was Counsel at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, 
where he practiced M&A, private equity and general corporate law for nine years. While at 
Skadden, Reuben worked closely with James on a number of transactions. Before joining 
Skadden, Reuben clerked for Justice Morris J. Fish of the Supreme Court of Canada. 
Reuben received his law degree as well as an undergraduate degree in Finance and Strategy from 
McGill University. 
John Tenet 
John is an Investment Principal at Valar Ventures and is responsible for sourcing and evaluating 
technology-driven companies across a variety of sectors, as well as providing assistance to the 
Firm's portfolio companies. John joined Valar from Allen & Company, where he spent 3 years 
investing in technology, media, and telecom deals, as well as focusing on third party manager 
sourcing and due diligence as part of the Capital Markets and Investment Management 
Divisions. 
John received his B.A. in Government from Georgetown University in 2010. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810417
--- PAGE 19 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
VI. 
INVESTMENT HISTORY 
Valar began as a new strategy incubated within Thiel Capital that sought to invest in the increasing 
number of globally significant technology companies being founded outside of Peter's historical focus of 
Northern Califomia. To that end, the team began scouting internationally for opportunities in 2010, 
initially making investments through a series of special purpose vehicles that were primarily funded by 
Peter, and ultimately spinning out as a stand-alone strategy with significant capital commitments from 
outside investors: 
2010: Valar Ventures LP, a New Zealand partnership (the "New Zealand Fund), made Valar's 
if rst investments in New Zealand. Approximately 40% of the capital commitments to the New 
Zealand Fund were from Peter Thiel; the rest from the New Zealand government and other third 
party investors. 
2012: Opportunities in Xero exceeded the New Zealand Fund's concentration limits and Valar 
launched VV Xero Holdings LLC (the "Xero SPV) to harvest those opportunities. 
2012.2013: As Valar broadened its efforts internationally, VV Global LP and VV Global 
Principals LP were formed to take advantage of a growing number of opportunities outside of 
New Zealand (the "VV Funds"). The VV Funds were 100% funded by Peter Thiel and, with one 
exception, made all investments pari passu. 
2013: Based on the success of earlier Valar funds, Velar Global Fund I LP and Valar Global 
Principals Fund I LP were raised in 2013 with 10% outside capital to invest in technology 
companies globally. These funds have made all investments par! passu and are collectively 
referred to as "Global Fund I". Among other things, Global Fund 1 was intended to serve as a 
template for Valar's first institutional fund, including by providing the legal framework, 
auditable track record and other internal processes necessary to attract institutional capital. 
2014: Valar's pro rata rights in the Series C financing of TransferWise, led by Andreessen-
Horowitz, exceeded the remaining capital of the VV Funds and Global Fund 1. Valar raised a 
sidecar fund, Valar Co-Invest I LP (the "TransferWise SPV), to participate in that round. 
2014.2015: Valar Global Fund II LP and Valar Global Principals Fund II LP, which invest pari 
passu in all transactions (together, "Fund 2") were raised in late 2014 and closed in January 
2015. Capital commitments to Fund 2 totaled $102 million, with approximately 70% of the funds 
coming from outside investors (primarily educational endowments, large multi-family offices 
and high net worth individuals) and the remaining capital commitments coming from Peter Thiel 
(approximately 30%) and Andrew McCormack and James Fitzgerald (approximately 1%). 100% 
of capital commitments have been invested or reserved for follow-ons and expenses. 
2016-2017: Valar Global Fund III LP and Valar Global Principals Fund III LP, which invest 
part passu in all transactions (together, "Fund 3") closed in July 2016. Capital commitments to 
Fund 3 totaled $104 million, with approximately 70% of the funds coming from outside investors 
(primarily educational endowments, large multi-family offices and high net worth individuals) 
and the remaining capital commitments coming from Peter Thiel (approximately 30%) and 
Andrew McCormack and James Fitzgerald (approximately 1%). To date, 90% of capital 
commitments have been invested or reserved for follow-ons and expenses. 
Confidential & Tradc Scat' 
EFTA00810418
--- PAGE 20 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
2017: Valar's pro rata rights in the Series C financing of Stash Invest, led by Coatue 
Management, exceeded Fund 3's reserves for the company. Valar raised a sidecar fund, Valar 
Co-Invest 2 LP (the "Stash SPV"), to participate in that round. 
For ease of reference in this document, "Fund 1" refers to all the funds and investment vehicles listed 
above that were formed prior to Fund 2, on an aggregate basis. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810419
--- PAGE 21 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
VII. 
FUND PERFORMANCE AND PORTFOLIO COMPANY PROFILES 
Performance information for all Fund 1, Fund 2 and Fund 3 portfolio companies where Valar's initial 
cost basis was in excess of $2.5 million ("Major Investments") appear below in Appendix B. Valar's 
detailed investment track record, including a complete list of all portfolio company investments, is 
available in the Finn's electronic data room.2
Interested investors should contact Valar for access to the electronic data room. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810420
--- PAGE 22 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
VIII. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS 
The following is a summary of certain of the proposed terms of the Limited Partnership Agreement of 
Valar Global Fund IV LP (the "Partnership Agreement') and Operating Agreement of the General 
Partner. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 
Partnership Agreement. 
FUND: 
Valar Global Fund IV LP (the "Fund" or the "Partnership") will be 
organized as a Delaware limited partnership. 
PURPOSE: 
To invest, as a general matter, in earlier-stage, high-growth technology 
companies through direct, privately negotiated investments in equity or 
equity-oriented securities of private and, in certain cases, public companies 
with limited liquidity. 
GENERAL PARTNER: 
Valar Ventures GP IV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, will be 
the general partner of the Fund (the "General Partner"). 
LIMITED PARTNERS: 
Institutions and private individuals (or their estate planning vehicles) that 
are "accredited investors" within the meaning of the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 or qualified non-U.S. persons (the "Limited 
Partners", and together with the General Partner the "Partners"). 
FUND SIZE: 
The target size of the Fund is $100 -$150 million in committed capital from 
the Partners (the "Capital Commitments"). 
GENERAL PARTNER'S 
CAPITAL 
COMMITMENT: 
The General Partner will make a Capital Commitment to the Fund of at 
least 1% of the aggregate fee bearing Capital Commitments of the Partners. 
In lieu of a contribution to the Fund entirely in cash, the General Partner 
may elect to make "deemed" capital contributions for up to 80% of its 
Capital Commitment, which would reduce subsequent management fee 
payments due to the General Partner by corresponding amounts (each such 
amount being a "Fee Adjustment"). 
TIMING OF CAPITAL 
Each Limited Partner will contribute capital periodically in installments as 
Con ltd.:float & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810421
--- PAGE 23 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
CONTRIBUTIONS: 
requested by the General Partner upon ten business days' prior written 
notice; provided, that certain investors regulated under the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), may be 
required to make their first capital contribution into an escrow account or 
may not be required to make a capital contribution prior to the date the Fund 
makes its first investment and thereby qualifies as a "venture capital 
operating company" under applicable Department of Labor regulations. 
No Limited Partner will be required to contribute any capital following the 
fifth anniversary of the date of the first investment in a portfolio company 
except to the extent necessary for (i) Fund expenses (including payment of 
management fees), (ii) completion of investments in new portfolio 
companies evidenced by a written term sheet as of such fifth anniversary. 
(iii) funding follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies, and 
(iv) fulfillment of indemnification and other obligations and liabilities of 
the Fund. The period prior to the fifth anniversary of the date of the first 
investment in a portfolio company is referred to as the "Commitment 
Period". 
TERM: 
The Fund will be dissolved ten years after the date of the Fund's first 
investment in a portfolio company; provided, that the General Partner may 
extend the Fund's term (a) for up to two additional one-year periods in its 
sole discretion, and (b) for additional one-year periods with the consent of 
Limited Partners holding more than 50% of the Capital Commitments (a 
"Majority-in-Interest of the Limited Partners"). 
The Fund may be dissolved prior to the end of its stated term upon the 
affirmative vote of Limited Partners holding more than 80% of the Capital 
Commitments, or by the affirmative vote of Limited Partners holding more 
than two-thirds-in-interest of the Capital Commitments ("Two-Thirds-in-
Interest of the Limited Partners") following certain events constituting 
"cause" (as defined in the Partnership Agreement); provided, however, this 
shall not apply if, in the case of acts by a Managing Member, the offending 
individual is removed as a managing member of the General Partner. 
MANAGEMENT 
COMPANY: 
The General Partner will cause the Fund to enter into a management 
agreement with Valar Ventures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
or another entity beneficially owned by Andrew McCormack, James 
Fitzgerald and Peter Thiel (or another Thiel Person (as defined below) 
designated by Peter) (the "Management Company"), who will be the 
manager of the Fund and provide management, administrative, operational 
and other services to the Fund from time to time. 
CONTROL: 
Andrew McCormack and James Fitzgerald are the Managing Members of 
the General Partner of the Fund and responsible for the day-to-day 
operations of the General Partner, the Management Company and the Fund. 
Investment decisions of the Fund are made by the General Partner acting 
Coo lidcanal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810422
--- PAGE 24 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
through its Investment Committee (the "Investment Committee"), of which 
Andrew McCormack and James Fitzgerald are the sole members. 
While Peter Thiel is not a member of the Investment Committee and is not 
expected to be involved in the day-to-day management or operations of the 
General Partner, the Management Company or the Fund, Peter (directly or 
through another Thiel Person) is expected to be a member of the General 
Partner and entitled to 20% of the carried interest and net management fees 
paid by the Fund. Moreover, in view of his status as the firm's 
initial sponsor, Peter may retain veto rights over certain activities of the 
General Partner, the Management Company and the Fund, as well as the 
right to terminate Andrew McCormack and James Fitzgerald upon the 
occurrence of certain events constituting cause. 
ADVISORY 
COMMITTEE: 
The Fund will have an Advisory Committee that will serve as such for the 
Fund and any Parallel Funds, consisting of no less than 3 and no more than 
representatives of the Limited Partners and constituent limited partners of 
the Parallel Funds chosen (and subject to removal at any time) by the General 
Partner in its reasonable judgment (the "Advisory Committee"); provided 
that the General Partner may not appoint any Limited Partner that is an 
affiliate of the General Partner or any of its respective affiliates. The 
Advisory Committee will (a) have such duties as are set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement, (b) approve or disapprove matters pertaining to 
conflicts of interest as requested by the General Partner (excluding certain 
matters otherwise expressly addressed pursuant to the terms of the 
Partnership Agreement), and (c) render such other advice and counsel as 
requested by the General Partner. The Fund will reimburse each member of 
the Advisory Committee for his or her reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in 
connection with his or her activities on the Advisory Committee. 
MANAGEMENT FEE: 
A management fee will be paid by the Limited Partners of the Fund and the 
annual management fee will be equal to the Fund's aggregate Capital 
Commitments made by the Limited Partners multiplied by 2.50% (the 
"Management Fee Percentage"). Notwithstanding the foregoing. 
beginning with the first full fiscal year that begins after the end of the 
Commitment Period the Management Fee Percentage will be reduced 
annually by ten basis points (La, by 0.10% per annum) until it is equal to 
1.50%. The installment of management fee payable for any fiscal quarter 
will be equal to one-fourth (114) of the Management Fee Percentage in 
effect for such fiscal quarter (as adjusted) multiplied by the aggregate 
Capital Commitments made by the Limited Partners. 
The management fee payable with respect to a fiscal quarter will be reduced 
by the aggregate amount that the General Partner has elected not to 
contribute in cash prior to such quarter (i.e., the sum of all Fee 
Adjustments). 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810423
--- PAGE 25 ---
VALAR 
I8 
Private Placement Memorandum 
The management fee will also be reduced by 100% of (i) all cash and non-
cash compensation paid as directors, consulting, management services, 
transaction, advisory, break-up or broken deal fees or other similar fees 
received by the General Partner, the Management Company, or the 
respective managing members or managers of such entities in connection 
with portfolio investments of the Fund and attributable to the Fund's actual 
investment in such entities and (ii) any placement fees paid by the Fund 
with respect to the sale of limited partnership interest in the Fund. The 
management fee will be further reduced during an extension period. 
KEY PERSON: 
In the event that either (i) James Fitzgerald or (ii) Andrew McCormack 
(each as a "Managing Member" and collectively as "Managing 
Members") ceases to be a managing member of the General Partner. 
otherwise ceases to participate in the management of the Fund or fails to 
meet his obligations to devote his business time to the Fund as set forth 
below under "Time Commitment" (a "Suspension Event"), the 
Commitment Period will automatically be suspended and shall terminate 
unless Two-Thirds-in-Interest of the Limited Partners affirmatively vote to 
terminate the suspension within one hundred and eighty (180) days of its 
commencement; provided, that a Two-Thirds-in-Interest of the Limited 
Partners may vote to terminate a suspension period at any time. 
Upon the suspension of the Commitment Period, the General Partner will 
not request further capital contributions except as required for: (i) Fund 
expenses (including payment of management fees), (ii) completion of 
investments in new portfolio companies in process at the time of suspension 
as evidenced by a written term sheet, (iii) funding follow-on investments in 
existing portfolio companies so long as the Advisory Committee consents 
to each such investment, and (iv) fulfillment of indemnification and other 
obligations and liabilities of the Fund. 
Andrew McCormack and James Fitzgerald are each subject to provisions 
under which Peter Thiel may remove them from the Management 
Company or the General Partner for certain events constituting "cause" or 
otherwise by a vote of one or more of the other members. In the event of 
such removal, a Managing Member would cease providing services to the 
Fund, thereby triggering a Suspension Event 
ALLOCATIONS OF 
At the end of each fiscal year or other accounting period, the net profit and 
PROFIT & Loss: 
loss for such period will be allocated as follows: 
i. First, until the "First Allocation Hurdle" (as defined below) is met. 
allocations shall be made in a manner necessary to cause cumulative net 
profit and loss to be allocated 80% to the Partners, in proportion to their 
relative Capital Commitments, and 20% to the General Partner. The "First 
Allocation Hurdle" will be deemed to have been met when each Limited 
Partner has been allocated net profits equal to 200% of its Capital 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810424
--- PAGE 26 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
Commitment (i.e., an amount sufficient to enable the Fund to distribute to 
each Limited Partner an amount equal to 300% of its Capital Commitment). 
ii. Second, after the First Allocation Hurdle has been met, and until the 
"Second Allocation Hurdle" (as defined below) is met, (x) 100% to the 
General Partner until the General Partner has been allocated 25% of the 
Fund's net profits and (y) thereafter allocations shall be made in a manner 
necessary to cause cumulative net profit and loss to be allocated 75% to the 
Partners, in proportion to their relative Capital Commitments, and 25% to 
the General Partner. The "Second Allocation Hurdle" will be deemed to 
have been met when each Limited Partner has been allocated net profits 
equal to 500% of its Capital Commitment (i.e., an amount sufficient to 
enable the Fund to distribute to each Limited Partner an amount equal to 
600% of its Capital Commitment). 
iii. Third, after the Second Allocation Hurdle has been met, (x) 100% to the 
General Partner until the General Partner has been allocated 30% of the 
Fund's net profits and (y) thereafter 70% to the Partners, pro rata in 
proportion to their relative Capital Commitments, and 30% to the General 
Partner. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner will receive priority 
allocations of net profits equal to all prior Fee Adjustments. 
DISTRIBUTIONS: 
The General Partner may cause the Fund to make distributions of cash or 
marketable securities from time to time in its discretion, subject to 
reasonable cash reserves for Fund expenses. No more than 120% of the 
Fund's aggregate Capital Commitments shall be invested in portfolio 
companies during the term of the Fund. Distributions will be made as 
follows: 
i. First, to all Partners in proportion to their relative Capital Commitments 
until each Partner has received an amount equal to its aggregate capital 
contributions. 
ii. Second, until the cumulative amount distributed to each Partner is equal 
to 300% of such Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date of 
distribution, such distribution shall be made in the proportions necessary to 
cause cumulative distributions (other than distributions made pursuant to 
(i) above) to have been made, (x) 20% to the General Partner; and (y) 80% 
to all Partners in proportion to their relative Capital Commitments. 
iii. Third, after the aggregate amount distributed to each Limited Partner is 
equal to 300% of such Limited Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date 
of such distribution, 100% to the General Partner until it has received 
aggregate distributions totaling 25% of (x) the aggregate distributions made 
to the Partners pursuant to (ii) above plus (y) the aggregate Tax 
Distributions (as defined below) made to the Partners. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810425
--- PAGE 27 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
iv. Fourth, until the cumulative amount distributed to each Partner is equal 
to 600% of such Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date of 
distribution, such distribution shall be made in the proportions necessary to 
cause cumulative distributions (other than distributions made pursuant to 
(i) above) to have been made, (x) 25% to the General Partner; and (y) 75% 
to all Partners in proportion to their relative Capital Commitments. 
v. Fifth, after the aggregate amount distributed to each Limited Partner is 
equal to 600% of such Limited Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date 
of distribution, 100% to the General Partner until it has received aggregate 
distributions totaling 30% of (x) the aggregate distributions made to the 
Partners pursuant to (ii), (iii) and (iv) above plus (y) the aggregate Tax 
Distributions made to the Partners. 
vi. Sixth, (x) 30% to the General Partner; and (y) 70% to all Partners in 
proportion to their relative Capital Commitments. 
TAX DISTRIBUTIONS: 
Following the end of each fiscal year, the General Partner may cause the 
Fund to distribute cash to each Partner in an amount equal to the 
"Applicable Tax Rate" (as defined below) multiplied by net taxable income 
(a "Tax Distribution"), less all prior cash distributions; provided, that the 
General Partner will have no obligation to make the foregoing distributions 
if the total amount to be distributed to all Partners would be less than S I 
million. For each fiscal year, the amount distributed to any Partner as a Tax 
Distribution shall not exceed the amount by which (A) such Partner's 
cumulative aggregate annual tax liability with respect to the Fund for such 
fiscal year and all prior fiscal years exceeds (B) the cumulative aggregate 
cash distributions made to such Partner as Tax Distributions and other 
regular distributions through the end of such fiscal year and all prior fiscal 
years. 
The "Applicable Tax Rate" means the highest blended federal, state and 
local marginal income, self employment and medicare tax rates then 
applicable to an individual residing in any state of the United States, applied 
by taking into account the character of the taxable income in question (i.e.. 
capital gain, ordinary income, etc.). 
CLAWBACK: 
The General Partner will be required to pay back to the Fund the amount 
by which the cumulative net distributions received by the General Partner 
over the life of the Fund (excluding amounts received by the General 
Partner in respect of its Capital Commitment) exceeds the product of (A) 
the applicable carried interest percentage; and (ii) the aggregate amount of 
profit distributions made to all Partners during the whole term of the Fund; 
provided, that the General Partner will not be obligated to pay an amount 
in excess of the aggregate carried interest and profit distributions it has 
received (valued at the time of distribution in the case of securities 
distributions) less the gross tax liabilities the General Partner would have 
Coo lidcanal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810426
--- PAGE 28 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
incurred on such distributions if at all times the General Partner were 
subject to the Applicable Tax Rate, all such allocation resulted from fully 
taxable transactions (plus any tax benefit actually received by the General 
Partner in the year in which the General Partner is required to make a 
clawback payment as reasonably determined by the General Partner). Each 
managing member of the General Partner will be severally liable for and 
will personally guaranty his or her pro rata share of the General Partner's 
remaining obligation. 
In addition to the amount to be contributed by the General Partner pursuant 
to the foregoing paragraph, if, upon liquidation of the Partnership, the 
cumulative Fee Adjustments applied against Management Fees exceeds the 
sum of (i) the cumulative profits of the Fund for all accounting periods less 
(ii) the cumulative losses of the Fund for all accounting periods (such 
amount the "Deemed Contribution Shortfall), then the General Partner or 
its designated affiliate with a capital contribution obligation shall be 
required to pay back to the Fund, the lesser of (x) the Deemed Contribution 
Shortfall and (y) the distributions received by the General Partner or its 
affiliate that are attributable to the cumulative amount of Profit allocated to 
the General Partner with respect to such Fee Adjustments, in each case less 
the gross tax liabilities that the General Partner would have incurred on all 
allocations of taxable income (net of losses) made with respect to such Fee 
Adjustments. 
EXPENSES: 
From the management fee, the Management Company and the General 
Partner will pay all normal operating expenses incurred in connection with 
the management of the Fund, the General Partner and the Management 
Company, including without limitation salaries, wages, rent, travel and 
other expenses of employees, consultants and agents of the Fund, the 
General Partner and the Management Company (other than consultants 
retained in connection with investments or proposed investments). The 
Fund will pay all expenses incurred in the investigation, holding, purchase. 
sale or exchange of investments, and certain other related Fund expenses. 
such as legal, audit and accounting expenses (including third party 
bookkeeping services). 
The Fund will bear the out•of-pocket expenses incident to the organization 
of the Fund and the General Partner up to a maximum of $500,000. 
FUND MANAGEMENT 
Each opportunity to invest at least $►50,000 into a company that is 
& CERTAIN 
presented to the Managing Members and that otherwise meets the 
CONFLICTS OF 
investment objectives of the Fund (i.e., the potential investment is within 
INTEREST: 
the Fund's stated scope, the potential investment is sufficiently large, the 
potential investment is not expected to require an inordinate portion of the 
Fund's capital, the company is at an appropriate stage of development, the 
Fund has sufficient capital available at the time the investment is to be 
made, etc.), shall be offered to the Fund and each Parallel Fund in 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810427
--- PAGE 29 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
proportion to their relative available capital; provided, however, that the 
preceding restriction shall only apply from the due date of the initial capital 
contribution until the end of the "Time Standard Period" (as defined 
below); provided, further, that any opportunities may be allocated in whole 
or in part to the Partnership's prior funds or the Opportunity Fund (as 
defined below) until the prior funds or the Opportunity Fund are fully 
invested or reserved; and provided, further, that the foregoing shall not 
apply to any investment opportunity with respect to which: (i) the 
participation of an Affiliated Party (as defined below) in such company has 
been approved by the Advisory Committee; (ii) an Affiliated Party (or an 
affiliate thereof) has initially invested prior to the date of the Fund's initial 
closing; (iii) the General Partner has determined, in good faith, does not 
meet the investment objectives of the Fund; (iv) is to be held by a Special 
Purpose Investment Fund (as defined below); (v) any investment 
opportunity in a portfolio company of a Prior Fund, Successor Fund or 
Opportunity Fund; or (vi) any investment opportunity offered to a Prior 
Fund, Successor Fund or Opportunity Fund. 
Peter Thiel and the Thiel Persons (as defined below) are not required to 
present or offer to the Fund or any Parallel Fund any investment 
opportunities. 
The General Partner, the Management Company, the Managing Members 
and their respective affiliates, members and employees may engage. 
directly or indirectly, in other businesses or activities, including but not 
limited to buying and selling securities for their own accounts, the accounts 
of prior investment funds and other investment vehicles. 
The Fund may invest in any portfolio company in which a Successor Fund. 
Prior Fund or Opportunity Fund (or any other investment fund managed by 
any of the General Partner, the Affiliated Parties or their affiliates) holds 
an interest. In addition, without the consent of the Advisory Committee, the 
Fund shall not invest in any company in which the Managing Members, the 
General Partner, the Management Company or any of their Affiliates hold 
a direct interest (Le., an interest not held through a Successor Fund, Prior 
Fund or other investment fund managed by any of the General Partner, the 
Affiliated Parties or their Affiliates). 
The Fund may not purchase an interest in a portfolio company from, or sell 
securities to, the General Partner, any Affiliated Party, any Thiel Person or 
any of their respective affiliates, members and employees (or any 
investment fund managed by any of the foregoing) without the consent of 
the Advisory Committee. 
The term "Affiliated Party" means any of the General Partner, the 
Managing Members, the Management Company or any member or 
employee or Affiliate thereof; provided, however, that Peter Thiel, Peter 
Thiel's retirement accounts and Thiel Capital LLC and any wholly owned 
subsidiary of the foregoing ("Thiel Persons") shall not be deemed as an 
Affiliated Party or an affiliate of any Affiliated Party. 
The Fund will not have any right of first refusal with respect to the 
onlidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810428
--- PAGE 30 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
investment opportunities or existing portfolio companies of Peter Thiel, nor 
any Thiel Persons, nor any other investment funds managed by Peter Thiel 
or any Thiel Person. 
Without prior approval of the Advisory Committee, (i) no more than 5% of 
"Combined Capital Commitments" (i.e., aggregate capital commitments 
made to the Fund and the Parallel Funds) may be invested in a "blind pool" 
investment fund that is managed and controlled by an unaffiliated third 
party and that pays its manager performance based compensation; (ii) no 
more than 25% of Combined Capital Commitments may be invested in any 
one portfolio company by the Fund and the Parallel Funds; (iii) no more 
than 15% of Combined Capital Commitments may be invested in publicly 
traded securities by the Fund and the Parallel Funds; and (iv) the Fund may 
not incur indebtedness, or guaranty portfolio company indebtedness, in 
excess of the lesser of (A) 10% of the Fund's Capital Commitments, and 
(B) the amount of aggregate Capital Commitments of the Partners that have 
not been contributed to the Fund as of the date of such debt or guaranty. 
TIME COMMITMENT & 
During the Time Standard Period, and so long as they are managing 
FORMATION OF A 
members of the General Partner, each Managing Member will devote 
SUCCESSOR FUND: 
substantially all of his business time to the affairs of the Management 
Company, the General Partner, the Parallel Funds, certain pre-existing 
investment vehicles, and the Fund. Following the earlier of (i) such time as 
at least 75% of the Capital Commitments of the Fund has been invested. 
committed or reserved for investment in portfolio companies, or applied. 
committed or reserved for working capital and expenses and (ii) the end of 
the Commitment Period (the "Time Standard Period"), the Managing 
Members will devote such time as they reasonably deem to be appropriate 
to the Fund. 
The General Partner and the Managing Members may form a "Successor 
Fund" to the Fund following the end of the Time Standard Period. 
In addition, during the Time Standard Period, the General Partner and the 
Managing Members and their respective affiliates may form an 
"Opportunity Funds" and/or "Special Purpose Investment Funds." An 
Opportunity Fund is a fund created to invest in portfolio companies whose 
"pre-money" valuation exceeds the valuation at which the Fund typically 
would invest A Special Purpose Investment Fund is a fund created to 
invest in a specified investment opportunity which meets the Fund's 
investment objectives and the following criteria: (a) each Partner is 
provided the first opportunity (on at least five (5) days advance notice) to 
invest in such special purpose investment fund on a pro rata basis 
determined by reference to the total of (x) the Partners' respective Capital 
Commitments and (y) the respective capital commitments of the constituent 
partners in any Parallel Funds, and (b) such special purpose investment 
fund charges a carried interest and/or management fee that are no higher 
than those charged to the Fund. A Special Purpose Investment Fund may 
not have aggregate capital commitments that exceed 30% of the Combined 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810429
--- PAGE 31 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
Capital Commitments without the Advisory Committee's approval. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither Peter Thiel nor any Thiel Persons shall 
be required to devote any time to the affairs of the Management Company. 
the General Partner, the Fund, any Parallel Funds, any Special Purpose 
Investment Fund or Opportunity Fund or any pre-existing investment 
vehicles. 
REMOVAL OF 
GENERAL PARTNER 
Within 180 days following the occurrence of certain events constituting 
"trigger events" (as defined in the Partnership Agreement), a Two-Thirds-
in-Interest of the Limited Partners may elect to remove the General Partner. 
If the Limited Partners vote to remove the General Partner, a replacement 
general partner may be appointed on such economic terms and with such 
subscription as the replacement general partner and a Two-Thirds-in-
Interest of the Limited Partners may agree. The replacement general partner 
shall continue the business of the Partnership until dissolution in normal 
course, pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the removal of the General Partner, the former General Partner shall 
not be obligated to make any additional capital contributions to the 
Partnership and the former General Partner's entire interest in the 
Partnership shall be converted to that of a Limited Partner with a capital 
contribution and capital account balance equal to those of the former 
General Partner. The former General Partner, as a Limited Partner (i) shall 
be entitled to receive all allocations and distributions to which it would 
otherwise be entitled to receive had it not been removed when, as and if 
such allocations and distributions are made, in respect of all activities of 
and investments by the Fund that occurred or were committed to by the 
Fund prior to the effective date of removal; and (ii) the removed General 
Partner shall be entitled to receive one hundred percent (100%) of all 
allocations and distributions in respect of its capital contributions. The 
removed General Partner shall not be entitled to receive any payments of 
management fee with respect to any period of time after the date of its 
removal. 
UNRELATED BUSINESS 
TAXABLE INCOME & 
STATUS AS A 
VENTURE CAPITAL 
OPERATING 
COMPANY: 
The General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund 
to ensure that no tax-exempt Limited Partner (or any of its equity owners) 
will be allocated unrelated business taxable income ("UBTI') within the 
meaning of Section 512 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"). 
as amended. 
The General Partner will use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) 
avoid having the Fund treated as being engaged in a trade or business within 
the United States under the Code; (ii) avoid the Fund realizing income that 
is or is treated as "effectively connected" with the conduct of a trade or 
business in the United States under the Code; or (iii) prevent the Fund from 
acquiring any interest in real property located in the United States for 
purposes of Section 897 of the Code or in any company that is a "United 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810430
--- PAGE 32 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
States real property holding corporation" within the meaning of the Code. 
The General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund 
so that it will be treated as a "venture capital operating company" under 
ERISA, if "equity participation" in the Fund held by "benefit plan 
investors" is "significant" within the meaning of ERISA. 
PARALLEL FUNDS: 
The General Partner may form (a) one or more investment partnerships or 
similar entities that may waive (or charge a lower) management fees or 
carried interest and will be comprised of the members of the General 
Partner or consultants to, and other persons having strategic or other 
important relationships with, the Fund and (b) one or more investment 
partnerships or similar entities formed to accommodate the tax, regulatory 
or legal needs of investors (including, without limitation, non•United States 
investors) who would othenvise invest as Limited Partners of the Fund on 
substantially similar terms, including economic terms, as the Fund 
(collectively, the "Parallel Funds"). Each Parallel Fund will 
simultaneously invest in the same securities on the same terms and at the 
same price as the Fund, except in cases in which the portfolio company 
gives written notice that a Parallel Fund will not be permitted to so invest. 
or where such investment is not permitted by applicable law or by the terms 
of the governing agreement of such Parallel Fund. The Fund and the 
Parallel Funds shall make and dispose of an investment, or make a 
distribution, on a pan passu basis. Investment by each Parallel Fund and 
the Fund will be according to available capital. 
INDEMNIFICATION: 
The Fund, out of its assets only, may indemnify the General Partner, the 
Management Company, the members of the Advisory Committee, and each 
officer, employee or member of the foregoing, against all liabilities 
incurred in connection with any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or 
in connection with such indemnitee's activities or involvement with the 
Fund, or with any other enterprise that such indemnitee is or was serving. 
as a director, officer, employee or othenvise, at the request of the Fund: 
provided, that this indemnity may not extend to (I) any action, suit or 
proceeding solely between or among the General Partner, the Management 
Company, the Managing Members or their respective members. 
employees, affiliates or agents, (2) conduct which constitutes bad faith on 
the part of any Advisory Committee member or Thiel Person, or any 
conduct which constitutes recklessness, bad faith, gross negligence or 
intentionally wrongful conduct on the part of any other indemnified party. 
or (3) any action, suit or proceeding that arises from any material breach by 
the General Partner of the Partnership Agreement or of its fiduciary duties 
to the Partnership that has a material adverse effect upon the economic 
interests of the Limited Partners of the Fund. In addition, the Fund shall not 
make any advancement of expenses for any claim, action or demand 
brought by a Majority-in-Interest of the Limited Partners. In the event that 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810431
--- PAGE 33 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
an indemnitee is also entitled to indemnification from a portfolio company, 
the portfolio company will be the primary source of indemnification, the 
Fund will be the secondary source of indemnification, and the General 
Partner or the Management Company will be the tertiary source of 
indemnification. If the Fund's assets are insufficient, the General Partner 
may (a) call for any unfunded Capital Commitments and (b) recall 
distributions previously made to the Partners, solely for the purpose of 
fulfilling an indemnity obligation of the Fund described in the preceding 
paragraph. In no event will any Partner be required to return amounts 
pursuant to the foregoing clause (b) in an amount in excess of the lesser of 
(i) all distributions previously received by such Partner from the Fund and 
(ii) 25% of such Partner's Capital Commitment. In no event will the 
General Partner be permitted to call capital pursuant to the foregoing 
clauses (a) and (b) more than two years after dissolution of the Fund, or in 
connection with a recalled distribution, more than three years after the date 
of such distribution. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810432
--- PAGE 34 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
IX. 
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should be aware that an investment in the Partnership involves a high degree of 
risk and, therefore, should be undertaken only by investors capable of evaluating the risks of the 
Partnership and bearing the risks it represents. There can be no assurance that the Partnership's 
investment objectives will be achieved, or that an investor will receive a return of its capital, and 
therefore, an investor should only invest in the Partnership if such investor is able to withstand a total 
loss of its investment. In addition, there will be occasions when the General Partner, the Management 
Company and their affiliates may encounter potential conflicts of interest in connection with the 
Partnership. The following considerations, among others, should be carefully evaluated before making 
an investment in the Partnership. 
RISKS INHERENT IN VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENTS. The Partnership will invest substantially all of 
its available capital (other than capital the General Partner determines to retain in cash or cash equivalents 
or capital applied toward Partnership expenses and liabilities) in securities of portfolio companies. The 
types of investments that the Partnership anticipates making involve a high degree of risk. In general, 
financial and operating risks confronting portfolio companies can be significant. While targeted returns 
should reflect the perceived level of risk in any investment situation, there can be no assurance that the 
Partnership will be adequately compensated for risks taken. A loss of an investor's entire investment is 
possible. The timing of profit realization is highly uncertain. Losses are likely to occur early in the 
Partnership's term, while successes often require a long maturation. 
Early-stage and development-stage companies often experience unexpected problems in the areas of 
product development, manufacturing, marketing, financing and general management, which, in some 
cases, cannot be adequately solved. in addition, such companies may require substantial amounts of 
financing which may not be available through institutional private placements or the public markets. In 
addition, the markets that such companies target are highly competitive and in many cases the competition 
consists of larger companies with access to greater resources. The percentage of companies that survive 
and prosper can be small. 
Investments in more mature companies in the expansion or profitable stage involve substantial risks. 
Such companies typically have obtained capital in the form of debt and/or equity to expand rapidly, 
reorganize operations, acquire other businesses, or develop new products and markets. These activities 
by definition involve a significant amount of change in a company and could give rise to significant 
problems in sales, manufacturing, and general management of these activities. 
The Partnership may invest a substantial portion of its assets in companies with modest capitalization. 
While the General Partner believes that small and medium-sized companies can provide greater growth 
potential than larger, more mature companies, investing in the securities of such companies also involves 
greater risk, potential price volatility and cost. Investments in these companies often involve higher risks 
because the companies lack the management experience, financial resources, product diversification, 
markets, distribution channels and competitive strengths of larger companies. In addition, in many 
instances, the frequency and volume of the trading activity in their stock is substantially less than what is 
typical of larger companies. Therefore, the securities of smaller companies may be subject to wider price 
fluctuations. The spreads between the bid and asked prices of the securities of these companies in the 
over-the-counter markets typically are larger than the spreads for more actively traded securities. As a 
result, the Partnership could incur a loss if it were to sell such a security a short time after its acquisition. 
When making a large sale, the Partnership may have to sell a portfolio holding at a discount from quoted 
Confidential & Tradc Secret 
EFTA00810433
--- PAGE 35 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
prices or may have to make a series of small sales over an extended period of time because of the limited 
trading volume of smaller company securities. 
INVESTMENT IN COMPANIES DEPENDENT UPON SCIENTIFIC DEVELOPMENTS AND TECHNOLOGIES. 
The Partnership plans to focus its investing primarily on technology and technology-related companies. 
The value of the Partnership's interests may be susceptible to factors affecting such companies and to a 
greater risk and market fluctuation than an investment in a fund that invests in a broader range of 
securities. The specific risks faced by such companies include: 
• 
rapidly changing science and technologies; 
• 
new competing products and improvements in existing products which may quickly render 
existing products or technologies obsolete; 
• 
exposure, in certain circumstances, to a high degree of government regulation, making these 
companies susceptible to changes in government policy and failures to secure, or unanticipated 
delays in securing, regulatory approvals; 
• 
scarcity of management, technical, scientific, research and marketing personnel with appropriate 
training; 
the possibility of lawsuits related to intellectual property rights; and 
• 
rapidly changing investor sentiments and preferences with regard to technology sector 
investments (which are generally perceived as risky). 
INVESTMENT IN PUBLICLY TRADED SECURITIES. The Partnership may invest in publicly traded 
securities. Investments in public securities can entail certain risks. For example, the Partnership, the 
General Partner and the Management Company may obtain less information and disclosure about a 
company whose securities are publicly traded than from a privately held company. Further, the market 
for publicly traded securities is extremely volatile due to economic conditions, political events, and for 
many other reasons. Such volatility may adversely affect the ability of the Partnership to dispose of 
investments or affect the value of investment securities on the date of sale by the Partnership. 
Furthermore, notwithstanding the existence of a public market for the securities of a particular portfolio 
company of the Partnership, publicly traded securities held by the Partnership may be thinly traded or 
may cease to be traded after the Partnership invests in them. Any securities that the Partnership holds 
that are thinly traded may be subject to wider price fluctuations than other companies whose securities 
are more actively traded, and the spreads between the bid and ask prices of thinly traded securities of 
these companies may be larger than the spreads for more actively traded securities. There can be no 
assurance that the Partnership's investments in publicly traded securities will be profitable, and there is a 
material risk that the Partnership could incur losses from its investments in publicly traded securities. 
INVESTMENTS IN PIPES. The Partnership may be involved in private investments in public equities 
("PIPEs") or private financing of public companies. PIPE transactions may involve the sale of equity-
like securities of an already public company. In a PIPE transaction, the Partnership may bear the price 
risk from the time of pricing until the time of closing. In addition, the Partnership may have to commit 
to purchase a specified number of shares at a fixed price, with the closing conditioned upon, among other 
things, the Securities and Exchange Commission's preparedness to declare effective a resale registration 
statement covering the resale, from time to time, of the shares sold in the private financing. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810434
--- PAGE 36 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
No ASSURANCE OF RETURNS. There can be no assurance that the Limited Partners will receive 
distributions from the Partnership in an amount equal to their investment in the Partnership. The timing 
of profit realization, if any, is highly uncertain. 
LACK OF OPERATING HISTORY. The Partnership and the General Partner are newly formed entities, 
and, accordingly have no operating history, historical results or investments upon which investors can 
evaluate the potential performance of the Partnership. The prior performance of the Managing Members 
or their investments as described in this Memorandum is not necessarily indicative of the Partnership's 
future results. There can be no assurance that investments by the Partnership will achieve returns 
comparable to the historical performance reflected in this Memorandum, and in any event, the returns 
achieved by the Partnership will be subject to the Management Fee and the General Partner's carried 
interest. Any given investment made by the Partnership may prove to be worthless, and there is a risk 
that investors could lose money. 
RELIANCE ON THE GENERAL PARTNER. The General Partner will have sole discretion over the 
investment of the funds committed to the Partnership as well as the ultimate realization of any profits. 
The Limited Partners will not receive the detailed financial information issued by portfolio companies 
that will be available to the Partnership. Accordingly, the Limited Partners will not have the opportunity 
to evaluate the relevant economic, financial and other information that will be utilized by the General 
Partner in its selection of investments. As such, the pool of funds in the Partnership represents a blind 
pool of funds. Investors in the Partnership will be relying on the General Partner to identify, structure, 
and implement investments consistent with the Partnership's investment objectives and policies and to 
conduct the business of the Partnership as contemplated by this Memorandum. The Limited Partners will 
not make decisions with respect to the management, disposition or other realization of any investment 
made by the Partnership, or other decisions regarding the Partnership's business and affairs. 
RELIANCE ON THE PRINCIPALS. The loss of one or more of the principals of the General Partner could 
have a significant adverse impact on the business of the Partnership. No assurances can be given that 
each of the principals will continue to be affiliated with the Partnership throughout its term. 
Notwithstanding any prior experience that such principals may have in making investments of the type 
expected to be made by the Partnership, any such experience necessarily was obtained under different 
market conditions and with different technologies at the forefront of development. There can be no 
assurance that the principals of the General Partner will be able to duplicate prior levels of success. 
LIMITED PORTFOLIO DIVERSIFICATION. As is typical of venture capital firms, the portfolio holdings of 
the Partnership will not be broadly diversified. In addition, if the General Partner is unable to raise 
sufficient capital commitments to the Partnership, the diversification of the portfolio holdings of the 
Partnership will be further limited. A downturn of the economy or in the business of any one company 
could impact the aggregate returns delivered to investors by the Partnership. 
DIFFICULTY IN VALUING PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS. Generally, there will be no readily available 
market for a substantial number of the Partnership's investments and hence, most of the Partnership's 
investments will be difficult to value. Despite the efforts of the General Partner and the Management 
Company to acquire sufficient information to monitor certain of the Partnership's investments and make 
well-informed valuation and pricing determinations, the General Partner and the Management Company 
may only be able to obtain limited information at certain times. It is possible that the General Partner and 
the Management Company may not be aware on a timely basis of material adverse changes that have 
occurred with respect to certain of the Partnership's investments. 
The General Partner and the 
Management Company may have to make valuation determinations without the benefit of an adequate 
amount of relevant information. Prospective Limited Partners should be aware that as a result of these 
difficulties, as well as other uncertainties, any valuation made by the General Partner and the Management 
Company may not represent the fair market value of the securities acquired by the Partnership. 
confidential & Tradc Sccrri 
EFTA00810435
--- PAGE 37 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
COMPETITIVE MARKETPLACE. The marketplace for venture capital investing has become increasingly 
competitive. Participation by financial intermediaries has increased, substantial amounts of funds have 
been dedicated to making investments in the private sector and the competition for investment 
opportunities is at high levels. Some of the Partnership's potential competitors may have greater financial 
and personnel resources than the General Partner and the Management Company. There can be no 
assurances that the General Partner and the Management Company will locate an adequate number of 
attractive investment opportunities and the General Partner and the Management Company may not be 
able to identify and successfully close a sufficient number of high quality investments to utilize all of the 
Partnership's capital. Such competition may adversely impact the length of time required to fully invest 
the Partnership's capital and may adversely impact returns to Limited Partners in the Partnership. 
CHANGING ECONOMIC CONDITIONS. The success of the investment strategy of the General Partner and 
the Management Company could be significantly impacted by changing external economic conditions in 
the United States and global economies. The stability and sustainability of growth in global economies 
may be impacted by terrorism or acts of war. The availability, unavailability, or hindered operation of 
external credit markets, equity markets and other economic systems which the Partnership may depend 
upon to achieve its objectives may have a significant negative impact on the Partnership's operations and 
profitability. There can be no assurance that such markets and economic systems will be available or will 
be available as anticipated or needed for the Partnership to operate successfully. Changing economic 
conditions could potentially adversely impact the valuation of portfolio holdings. 
MINORITY INVESTMENTS. A significant portion of the Partnership's investments may represent minority 
stakes in privately held companies. In addition, during the process of exiting investments, the Partnership 
is likely to hold minority equity stakes if portfolio holdings are taken public. As is the case with minority 
holdings in general, such minority stakes that the Partnership may hold will have neither the control 
characteristics of majority stakes nor the valuation premiums accorded majority or controlling stakes. 
The Partnership may also invest in companies for which the Partnership has no right to appoint a director 
or otherwise exert significant influence. In such cases, the Partnership will be reliant on the existing 
management and board of directors of such companies, which may include representatives of other 
financial investors with whom the Partnership is not affiliated and whose interests may conflict with the 
interests of the Partnership. 
No ASSURANCE OF ADDITIONAL CAPITAL FOR INVESTMENTS. After the Partnership has financed a 
company, continued development and marketing of products may require that additional financing be 
provided. The Partnership expects to invest in companies that have substantial capital needs that are 
typically funded over several stages of investment. No assurance can be given that such additional 
financing will be available and no assurance can be made as to the terms upon which such financing may 
be obtained. Alternatively, the Partnership, either directly or through one of its portfolio companies, may 
elect to sell developed or undeveloped technologies to existing companies. No assurance can be made 
that buyers for such technologies can be located or that the terms of any such sales will be advantageous. 
No ASSURANCE OF INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES. Although the Partnership expects to have significant 
access to private investment opportunities through the network of relationships of the Managing 
Members, there can be no assurance that investment opportunities for the Partnership will materialize and 
that companies select the Partnership as an investor. Similarly, the Partnership may be unable to identify 
or consummate investments in public companies that meet its criteria. There can be no assurances that 
the General Partner and the Management Company will locate an adequate number of attractive 
investment opportunities that meet the Partnership's investment objectives. 
NATURE OF DIRECT INVESTMENTS. Many of the Partnership's investments will be highly illiquid. As 
such, there will be no public markets for the securities held by the Partnership and there can be no 
assurance that the Partnership will be able to realize such investments in a timely manner. In addition. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810436
--- PAGE 38 ---
VALAR 
3I 
Private Placement Memorandum 
the realization of value for any investments will not be possible or known with any certainty until the 
General Partner and the Management Company elect, in their sole discretion, to sell the Partnership's 
investments and subsequently distribute the proceeds to its Limited Partners or to distribute securities to 
Limited Partners in lieu of cash. Also, since the Partnership may only make a limited number of 
investments and since many of the Partnership's investments may involve a high degree of risk, poor 
performance by a few of the investments could severely affect the total returns to the Limited Partners. 
Additionally, it should be noted that past performance of the Managing Members and their affiliates is 
not a guarantee of future results. 
FUTURE AND PAST PERFORMANCE. The performance of the prior funds is not necessarily indicative of 
the Partnership's future results. While the General Partner intends for the Partnership to make 
investments that have estimated returns commensurate with the risks undertaken, there can be no 
assurance that targeted results will be achieved. Loss of principal is possible on any given investment. 
BRIDGE FINANCING. The Partnership may lend to portfolio companies on a short-term, unsecured basis 
in anticipation of a future issuance of equity or long-term debt. Such bridge loans would typically be 
convertible into a more permanent, long-term security; however, for reasons not always in the 
Partnership's control, such long-term securities may not issue and such bridge loans may remain 
outstanding. In such event, the interest rate on such loans may not adequately reflect the risk associated 
with the unsecured position taken by the Partnership. 
LEVERAGE. To the extent that any investment is made in a portfolio company with a leveraged capital 
structure or any portfolio company borrows or enters into other financing transactions requiring periodic 
payments, such investment will be subject to increased exposure to adverse economic factors such as a 
significant rise in interest rates, a severe downturn in the economy or deterioration in the condition of 
such company or its industry. If such a company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow to meet 
principal and interest payments on its indebtedness, the value of any equity investment by the Partnership 
in such company could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. 
LIMITATIONS ON ABILITY TO EXIT INVESTMENTS. The General Partner expects to exit from its 
investments in two principal ways: (i) private sales (including acquisitions of its portfolio companies) and 
(ii) initial and secondary public offerings. At any particular time, one or both of these avenues may not 
be open to the Partnership, or timing with respect to these exit mechanisms may be inopportune. As such, 
the ability to exit from and liquidate portfolio holdings may be constrained at any particular time. 
CERTAIN LITIGATION RISKS. The Partnership will be subject to a variety of litigation risks, particularly 
if one or more of its portfolio companies face financial or other difficulties during the life of the 
Partnership. Legal disputes, involving any or all of the Partnership, the General Partner, the Management 
Company, their members or their affiliates, may arise from the Partnership's activities and investments 
and could have a significant adverse effect on the Partnership. 
POTENTIAL LIABILITIES. In connection with its investments, the Partnership may negotiate the right to 
appoint one or more of the Managing Members or other employees or representatives of the Management 
Company as a member of the portfolio company's board of directors. Such membership on the board of 
directors of a company can result in the Partnership or the individual director being named as a defendant 
in litigation or other disputes or investigations. The Partnership may also participate in portfolio company 
financings at valuations lower than the valuations in preceding rounds of financing. Disputes arising out 
of such down-round financings may result in the Partnership, the General Partner, the Management 
Company, or their members being named as defendants. Typically, portfolio companies will have 
insurance to protect directors and officers, but this insurance may be inadequate. The Partnership will 
also indemnify the General Partner, the Managing Members, the Management Company and their 
respective affiliates, among others, for liabilities incurred in connection with operations of the 
Con ltd.:float & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810437
--- PAGE 39 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
Partnership, including liabilities arising from such disputes. Such indemnification obligations and other 
liabilities could be substantial. The Partners may also be required to return distributions previously made 
to them to satisfy the Partnership's indemnification obligations. While the General Partner and the 
Management Company intend to manage the Partnership in a way that will minimize exposure to these 
risks, the possibility of successful claims or lawsuits or adverse regulatory action cannot be eliminated, 
and such events could have significant adverse effects on the Partnership. 
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES ON DISPOSITION OF INVESTMENTS. In connection with the disposition of an 
investment in a portfolio company, the Partnership may be required to make representations about the 
business and financial affairs of such company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a 
business. To the extent that any such representations are inaccurate, the Partnership may be required to 
indemnify the purchasers of such investment and may be liable to the purchasers for breach of contract. 
These arrangements may result in the incurrence of contingent liabilities for which the General Partner 
may establish reserves and escrows. In that regard, distributions may be delayed or withheld until such 
reserve is no longer needed or the escrow period expires. 
RESERVES. As is customary in the industry, the General Partner and the Management Company may 
establish reserves for follow-on investments by the Partnership in portfolio companies, operating 
expenses (including the Management Fee), Partnership liabilities, and other matters. Estimating the 
appropriate amount of such reserves is difficult, especially for follow-on investment opportunities, which 
are directly tied to the success and capital needs of portfolio companies. Inadequate or excessive reserves 
could impair the investment returns to the Limited Partners. If reserves are inadequate, the Partnership 
may be unable to take advantage of attractive follow-on or other investment opportunities or to protect 
its existing investments from dilutive or other punitive terms associated with "pay-to-play" or similar 
provisions. If reserves are excessive, the Partnership may decline attractive investment opportunities or 
hold unnecessary amounts of capital in money market or similar low-yield accounts. 
ABSENCE OF LIQUIDITY AND PUBLIC MARKETS. The Partnerships investments will generally be 
private, illiquid holdings. As such, there will be no public markets for the securities held by the 
Partnership and no readily available liquidity mechanism at any particular time for any of the investments 
held by the Partnership. In addition, the realization of value from any investments will not be possible or 
known with any certainty until the General Partner and the Management Company elect, in their sole 
discretion, to sell the Partnership's investments and subsequently distribute the proceeds to its investors 
or to distribute securities to investors in lieu of cash. 
No MARKET; ILLIQUIDITY OF LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS. An investment in the Partnership will 
be illiquid and involves a high degree of risk. There is no public market for the limited partner interests 
in the Partnership, and it is not expected that a public market will develop. Consequently, Limited 
Partners will bear the economic risks of their investment for the term of the Partnership. Prospective 
investors will be required to represent and agree that they are purchasing the limited partner interests for 
their own account for investment only and not with a view to the resale or distribution thereof. 
CERTAIN LIMITATIONS ON ABILITY OF LIMITED PARTNERS TO TRANSFER THEIR INTERESTS IN THE 
PARTNERSHIP. The transferability of interests in the Partnership will be restricted by the Partnership 
Agreement and by United States federal and state securities laws. In general, Limited Partners will not 
be able to sell or transfer their interests in the Partnership to third parties without the consent of the 
General Partner. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS. The Partnership is not and does not expect to be registered as an 
"investment company" under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 
"investment Company Act'), pursuant to an exemption set forth in Sections 3(c)(I) and/or 3(cX7) of the 
Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that such exemptions will continue to be available to 
C4)11110:float & Trade Scott 
EFTA00810438
--- PAGE 40 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
the Partnership. Due to the burdens of compliance with the Investment Company Act, the performance 
of the Partnership's investment portfolio could be materially adversely affected, and risks involved in 
financing portfolio companies could substantially increase, if the Partnership becomes subject to 
registration under the Investment Company Act. Neither the Partnership nor its counsel can assure 
investors that, under certain conditions, changed circumstances, or changes in the law, the Partnership 
may not become subject to the Investment Company Act or other burdensome regulation. 
TAX RISKS. Certain tax risks relating to an investment in the Partnership are discussed in the section 
titled "Certain Tax and Regulatory Matters," which prospective investors should read carefully. No 
assurances can be given that current tax laws, rulings and regulations will not be changed during the life 
of the Partnership. In determining whether or not to make an investment in the Partnership, each 
prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences of such an investment. In addition, 
each prospective Limited Partner is advised to consult its own tax counsel as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Partnership and as to applicable foreign, state and local taxes. 
WITHHOLDING AND OTHER TAXES. The General Partner intends to structure the Partnership's 
investments in a manner that is intended to achieve the Partnership's investment objectives and, 
notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, there can be no assurance that the structure of 
any investment will be tax efficient for any particular investor or that any particular tax result will be 
achieved. In addition, tax reporting requirements may be imposed on investors under the laws of the 
jurisdictions in which investors are liable for taxation or in which the Partnership makes portfolio 
investments. Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisors with respect to the tax 
consequences to them of an investment in the Partnership under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they 
are liable for taxation. Furthermore, the Partnership's returns in respect of its investments may be reduced 
by withholding or other taxes imposed by jurisdictions in which the Partnership's portfolio companies 
are organized. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST. The following discussion enumerates certain potential conflicts of interest 
that should be carefully evaluated before making an investment in the Partnership. The following is not 
intended as an exhaustive list of the potential conflicts. Instances may arise where the interest of the 
General Partner (or its members), the Management Company and/or their affiliates may potentially or 
actually conflict with the interests of the Partnership and the Limited Partners. Among others, investors 
should consider the following conflicts of interest: 
• 
The existence of the General Partner's carried interest may create an incentive for the General 
Partner to make riskier or more speculative investments on behalf of the Partnership than it 
would otherwise make in the absence of such performance•based arrangements. 
• 
Conflicts may arise in the allocation of investment opportunities and the Managing Members' 
time among the Partnership and parallel or co•investment entities, on the one hand, and any prior 
or future investment funds or vehicles or other entities organized in accordance with the 
Partnership Agreement or other fund(s) advised by the Management Company, on the other 
hand. 
• 
Conflicts may arise where the Partnership and parallel or co•investment entities invest in an 
earlier or future round of financing of a portfolio company owned by a prior or future investment 
funds or vehicles or other entities organized in accordance with the Partnership Agreement or 
other fund(s) advised by the Management Company, or its affiliates. In such a circumstance, 
the General Partner may cause the Partnership to invest in such portfolio company at a higher 
valuation or lower valuation than such other investment funds, and may earn lower profit, or 
realize higher loss, as a result. 
Conlidenital & Trade Scat' 
EFTA00810439
--- PAGE 41 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
The Management Company (and its principals or affiliates) or the General Partner may serve as 
investment adviser or investment manager to other client accounts (including separately 
managed accounts) and conduct investment activities for its own accounts. Such other entities 
or accounts (the "Other Clients") may have investment objectives or may implement investment 
strategies similar to those of the Partnership. 
While certain assurances are provided in the Partnership Agreement to address these potential conflicts, 
certain risks may remain. By acquiring an Interest in the Partnership, each Limited Partner will be deemed 
to have acknowledged the existence of any such actual or potential conflicts of interest and to have waived 
any claim with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any such conflicts of interest. 
DIVERSE INVESTORS. The Limited Partners may have conflicting investment, tax, and other interests 
with respect to their investments in the Partnership. The conflicting interests of individual Limited 
Partners may relate to or arise from, among other things, the nature of investments made by the 
Partnership, the structuring or the acquisition of investments and the timing of disposition of investments. 
As a consequence, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with decisions made by the General 
Partner and the Management Company with respect to the nature or structuring of investments that may 
be more beneficial for some Limited Partners than for others, particularly with respect to investors' 
individual tax situations. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Partnership, the 
General Partner and the Management Company will consider the investment and tax objective of the 
Partnership and the Partners as a whole, not the investment, tax or other objective of any Limited Partner 
individually. 
RISK OF DILUTION. Limited Partners subscribing for interests at subsequent closings will participate in 
existing investments of the Partnership, diluting the interest of existing Limited Partners therein. 
Although such Limited Partners will contribute their pro rata share of prior capital contributions 
previously drawn down by the Partnership (plus an additional amount thereon), there can be no assurance 
that such payment will reflect the fair value of the Partnership's existing investments at the time such 
additional Limited Partners subscribe for such interests. 
FAILURE TO MAKE CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS. If a Limited Partner fails to pay when due installments 
of its capital commitment to the Partnership, and the contributions made by non-defaulting Limited 
Partners and borrowings by the Partnership are inadequate to cover the defaulted capital contribution, the 
Partnership may be unable to pay its obligations when due. As a result, the Partnership may be subjected 
to significant penalties that could materially and adversely affect the returns to the Limited Partners 
(including non-defaulting Limited Partners). If a Limited Partner defaults, it may be subject to various 
remedies as provided in the Partnership Agreement. 
FOREIGN INVESTMENTS. The Partnership expects to make a number of investments in companies that 
are based outside of the United States or the operations of which are primarily outside of the United 
States. Any investment in a foreign country involves risks not found in the domestic securities market, 
including the following: the risk of economic and financial instability in the foreign country, which in 
some cases may include a collapse in credit markets, stock prices, currencies and/or consumer spending; 
the risk of adverse social and political developments, including nationalization, confiscation without fair 
compensation, political and social instability and war; the risk that the foreign country may impose 
restrictions on the repatriation of investment income or capital or on the ability of foreign persons to 
invest in certain types of companies, assets or securities; risks related to the possible lack of availability 
of sufficient financial information as a result of accounting, auditing, and financial disclosure standards 
that differ, in some cases significantly, from those in the United States; risks related to foreign laws and 
legal systems, which are likely to differ from those of the United States, including in particular the laws 
with respect to the rights of investors which may not be as comprehensive or well developed as those in 
Conlidanlal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810440
--- PAGE 42 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
the United States and the procedures for the judicial or other enforcement of such rights which may not 
be as effective as in the United States; risks related to the fact that some investments or portfolio company 
operations may be denominated in foreign currencies and, therefore, will be subject to fluctuations in 
exchange rates; and risks related to applicable tax laws and regulations and tax treaties, which are likely 
to vary from country to country and may be less well developed than those in the United States, possibly 
resulting in retroactive taxation so that the Partnership could become subject to an unanticipated local tax 
liability. The profits or losses of the Partnership on any investment, as measured in United States dollars, 
will be affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates and exchange control regulations as well as 
by the success of the investment itself. In addition, the Partnership may incur costs in connection with 
conversions between various currencies. The Partnership does not presently intend to seek to reduce 
currency risks through "hedging" or other methods. 
AIFMD. The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive ("AIFMD") came into force on 21 July 
2011, and certain fund managers have been obliged to comply with the European Economic Area 
("EEA") Member States' respective AIFMD implementing laws since July 22, 2013. AIFMD regulates 
the activities of private fund managers undertaking fund management activities or marketing fund 
interests to investors domiciled or with a registered office in the EEA. If the Partnership is marketed to 
these investors: (i) the Partnership may be subject to certain reporting, disclosure and other compliance 
obligations under AIFMD, which may result in the Partnership incurring additional costs and expenses; 
and (ii) AIFMD will also restrict certain activities of the Partnership in relation to EEA portfolio 
companies including, in some circumstances, the Partnership's ability to recapitalize, refinance or 
potentially restructure an EEA portfolio company within the first two years of ownership. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. The Partnership Agreement will contain confidentiality provisions 
intended to protect proprietary and other information relating to the Partnership and the Partnership's 
portfolio companies. To the extent that such information is publicly disclosed, competitors of the 
Partnership and/or competitors of its portfolio companies, and others, may benefit from such information, 
thereby adversely affecting the Partnership, its portfolio companies, the General Partner and the economic 
interests of Limited Partners. 
COUNSEL TO THE PARTNERSHIP DOES NOT REPRESENT THE LIMITED PARTNERS. The General Partner 
has retained Cooley LLP in connection with the formation of the Partnership and may retain Cooley LLP 
as legal counsel in connection with the management and operation of the Partnership, including, without 
limitation, the making and holding of investments. Cooley LLP will not represent any Limited Partner 
or prospective limited partner of the Partnership, unless the General Partner and such Limited Partner or 
prospective limited partner otherwise agree and such Limited Partner or prospective limited partner 
separately engages Cooley LLP, in connection with the formation of the Partnership, the offering of the 
Interests, the management and operation of the Partnership or any dispute that may arise between any 
Limited Partner, on the one hand, and the General Partner, the Partnership, the Management Company 
and/or their affiliates on the other hand (the "Partnership Legal Matters"). Any Limited Partner or 
prospective limited partner will, if it wishes counsel on any Partnership Legal Matter, retain its own 
independent counsel with respect thereto and will pay all fees and expenses of such independent counsel. 
Each Limited Partner and prospective limited partner acknowledges that Cooley LLP may represent the 
General Partner and/or the Partnership in connection with any and all Partnership Legal Matters. 
WRITTEN AGREEMENTS. The Partnership, the General Partner and the Management Company will be 
authorized, without the approval of any Limited Partner, to enter into side letters or similar written 
agreements with Limited Partners that have the effect of establishing rights under, or altering or 
supplementing the terms of this Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement, such Limited Partner's 
Subscription Agreement or other related agreements. The ability of other Limited Partners to elect to 
receive the benefit of such side agreements will be limited. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810441
--- PAGE 43 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
The foregoing risks do not purport to be a complete enumeration or explanation of all the risks 
involved in acquiring an interest in the Partnership. Potential investors are urged to read this 
entire Memorandum, the Subscription Agreement and the Partnership Agreement and consult 
their own advisers before making a determination whether to invest in the Partnership. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810442
--- PAGE 44 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
X. 
CERTAIN TAX AND REGULATORY MATTERS 
Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations 
Set forth below is a discussion, in summary form, of certain United States federal income tax 
consequences relating to an investment in the Partnership. This summary does not attempt to present all 
aspects of the United States federal income tax laws or any state, local or foreign laws that may affect an 
investment in the Partnership. In particular, foreign investors, financial institutions, insurance 
companies, tax-exempt entities and other investors of special status must consult with their own 
professional tax advisors. No ruling has been or will be requested from the United States Internal 
Revenue Service (the "IRS") and no assurance can be given that the IRS will agree with the tax 
consequences described in this summary. Each prospective Limited Partner should consult with its own 
tax adviser in order to fi lly understand the United States federal, state, local and foreign income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Partnership. 
PARTNERSHIP STATUS. The Partnership will be classified and reported as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. 
TAnTION OF PARTNERS. Each partner (a "Partner") will report on its federal income tax return its 
distributive share of the Partnership's items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit for the taxable 
year. The character of such items, determined at the Partnership level, will pass through to the Partners 
(for example, Partners will treat as interest, dividends or capital gain, their distributive shares of such 
items recognized by the Partnership). 
Each Partner will be required to report on its federal income tax return its distributive share of any income 
or gain recognized by the Partnership, whether or not amounts representing such distributive share have 
been distributed to it. 
Distributions from the Partnership, whether made currently or upon liquidation of the Partnership, 
generally may be received by a Partner without further tax. The general rules relating to the tax treatment 
of distributions to the Partners may be summarized as follows: 
Cash distributions will not be taxable to a Partner except to the extent they exceed the Partner's tax basis 
for its interest in the Partnership. The excess generally would be taxable as long-term or short-term capital 
gain, depending on the Partner's holding period for its Partnership interest; 
In-kind distributions of portfolio securities or other assets of the Partnership generally will not be taxable 
to the recipient Partner or the Partnership. A partner that receives a distribution of marketable securities 
from a partnership generally is required to recognize taxable gain to the extent that the fair market value 
of the distributed securities exceeds the partner's tax basis in its partnership interest. There are a number 
of exceptions to this rule, including an exception for distributions by qualified "investment partnerships." 
It is expected that the Partnership will qualify as an "investment partnership" and that, accordingly, 
distributions of marketable securities by the Partnership generally will not give rise to the current 
recognition of taxable gain; 
For purposes of determining a Partner's gain or loss on a subsequent sale of the Partnership's assets 
distributed in-kind (other than in liquidation of the Partner's interest in the Partnership), the Partner's tax 
basis for such assets will be equal to the Partnership's adjusted basis for the assets or, if less, the Partner's 
tax basis for its Partnership interest immediately before the distribution. A Partner's tax basis for assets 
distributed in liquidation of its Partnership interest will be equal to its tax basis in its Partnership interest. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810443
--- PAGE 45 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A Partner's capital gain holding period for assets distributed without the recognition of gain will include 
the period during which the assets were held by the Partnership; and 
No loss will be recognized by a Partner upon the receipt of a distribution from the Partnership except where 
the distribution is a liquidating distribution consisting solely of cash, and the amount of cash is less than the 
Partner's tax basis in its Partnership interest immediately before the distribution. 
DEDUCTIONS. Subject to certain limitations described below, a Partner will be entitled to deduct on its 
federal income tax return its distributive share of Partnership loss, but not in excess of its tax basis in its 
Partnership interest. If a Partner's distributive share of Partnership loss exceeds the Partner's tax basis in 
its Partnership interest, such excess may not be deducted but will be carried over and become deductible 
in any later year if and to the extent the Partner's tax basis exceeds zero and such loss carryover is 
otherwise deductible. Each Limited Partner should have a sufficient tax basis in its Partnership interest 
to deduct losses up to an amount equal to its cash investment in the Partnership. 
The "at risk" provisions of Section 465 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), 
impose additional limitations on the deductibility of partnership losses, but the at risk provisions are not 
expected to limit the Partners' ability to deduct Partnership losses. 
In the case of a Partner who is an individual, expenses of producing income, including management fees, 
are to be aggregated with unreimbursed employee business expenses and other expenses of producing 
income and the aggregate amount of such expenses will be deductible only to the extent such amount 
exceeds 2% of a taxpayer's adjusted gross income. In addition, total allowable itemized deductions, other 
than medical costs, casualty and theft losses, and investment interest expense, are generally reduced by a 
percentage of the amount of the taxpayer's adjusted gross income in excess of a threshold amount, which 
is adjusted for inflation each year. Thus, there is the possibility that certain taxpayers may not be able to 
enjoy the full tax benefit of their expenses of producing income. 
Expenses subject to the limitations above do not include expenses incurred in connection with a trade or 
business. The issue of whether the Partnership will be engaged in a trade or business for federal income 
tax purposes is unclear and will depend in part on the form or organization of the companies in which the 
Partnership invests. The Partnership may be treated as engaged in a trade or business for federal income 
tax purposes if a company in which the fund invests is classified as a partnership for federal income tax 
purposes, and that company operates a trade or business. Assuming the Partnership is not engaged in a 
trade or business, an individual Partner's share of certain expenses of the Partnership will be subject to 
the two limitations described in the preceding paragraph. 
Section 469 of the Code limits the deductibility of losses from passive activities. These provisions apply 
to individuals, estates, trusts, personal service corporations and closely held corporations. In general, a 
taxpayer's losses from passive activities may only be offset against income from passive activities and 
not against income such as salary or investment income. Any amount of passive activity loss that is 
disallowed will be carried over to the following years to offset passive activity gains in such subsequent 
years. A passive activity is any activity that involves the conduct of a trade or business and in which the 
taxpayer does not materially participate. Although, as noted above, there is uncertainty whether the 
activities of the Partnership will constitute a trade or business as that concept has been interpreted by the 
IRS and the courts, the General Partner believes that the Partnership's activities will not be considered a 
trade or business activity to which the passive activity loss provisions of the Code would apply. 
CAPITAL GAIN, DIVIDEND AND QUALIFIED SMALL BUSINESS STOCK TAX RATES. The Partnership 
expects that its gains and losses from its securities transactions typically will be capital gains and capital 
losses. Property held for more than one year generally will be eligible for long-term capital gain or loss 
treatment. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810444
--- PAGE 46 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
Under current federal income tax law, the maximum federal ordinary income tax rate for individuals is 
39.6% and, in general, the maximum individual income tax rate for long-term capital gains and certain 
dividend income is 20%. The excess of capital losses over capital gains may be offset against the ordinary 
income of an individual taxpayer, subject to an annual deduction limitation of $3,000; unused capital 
losses may be carried forward indefinitely but may not be carried back. For corporate taxpayers, the 
maximum federal income tax rate is 35%. Capital losses of a corporate taxpayer may be offset only 
against capital gains, but unused capital losses may be carried back three years (subject to certain 
limitations) and carried fonvard five years. 
A 3.8% Medicare tax is generally imposed on the net investment income of high-income individuals, 
estates and trusts. Net investment income generally includes interest, dividends and capital gain income. 
Partnership capital gain and other income will generally be subject to the 3.8% Medicare tax. 
In general, non-corporate investors that, directly or via a pass-through entity such as the Partnership, hold 
"qualified small business stock" ("QSBS") for more than 5 years are permitted to exclude from taxable 
income all or a portion of any gain subsequently recognized upon a sale or exchange of such stock. Under 
current U.S. federal income tax law, the QSBS exclusion percentage is generally 100% of QSBS 
purchased on or after September 28, 2010. For each non-corporate investor, the amount of gain eligible 
for the QSBS exclusion generally is limited to the greater of: (i) 10 times the investor's basis in the stock 
or (ii) a total of $10 million with regard to stock in the issuing corporation. The remaining portion of the 
gain on such stock, if any, is subject to tax at long term capital gains rates. 
To be treated as small business stock eligible for the QSBS exclusion, stock must have been acquired at 
original issue from a qualified small business corporation after August 10, 1993. In general, a qualified 
small business corporation is a domestic "C" corporation that, immediately after issuing the stock in 
question, has $50 million or less in gross assets and satisfies certain other requirements. Because several 
of these requirements must continue to be satisfied after the issuance of qualified stock, it is possible that 
the stock may cease to qualify as small business stock due to events occurring after the issue date. 
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any stock acquired directly or indirectly by the Partnership 
would qualify for the QSBS exclusion, even if such stock qualifies as small business stock at the time of 
acquisition. In addition, no assurances can be given that the General Partner will have or provide to 
Partners information about any particular stock investment necessary to determine its status as QSBS, or 
to satisfy applicable tax reporting requirements related to QSBS treatment. 
ROLLOVER FOR QUALIFIED SMALL BUSINESS STOCK. Under Section 1045 of the Code, if an individual 
(i) realizes gain on a sale of QSBS that has been held by the individual for more than six months, and (ii) 
within 60 days after such sale, purchases new QSBS, the individual generally is required to recognize 
(and pay tax on) such gain only to the extent that the net proceeds from the original stock exceed the cost 
of the newly purchased stock. Any remaining gain is carried over to the newly purchased stock and may 
be recognized (and be taxable) upon a subsequent disposition of such stock. The benefits of Section 1045 
are generally available to individuals who purchase, hold and sell qualified small business stock indirectly 
through a pass-through entity such as the Partnership, although the extent to which a qualifying rollover 
may be made through a pass-through entity is limited. No assurances can be given that the General 
Partner will have or provide to Partners information about any particular stock investment necessary to 
determine its eligibility for a Section 1045 rollover, or to satisfy applicable tax reporting requirements 
related to a rollover. 
TAX-EXEMPT LIMITED PARTNERS. Income recognized by tax-exempt entities, including qualified 
retirement plans (stock, bonus, pension or profit-sharing plans described in Section 401(a) of the Code) 
and individual retirement accounts, is generally exempt from federal income tax. Section 511 of the 
Code, however, imposes a tax on such an entity's Unrelated Business Taxable Income ("UBTF). UBTI 
Conlidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810445
--- PAGE 47 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
is income from a trade or business regularly carried on unrelated to the entity's exempt purpose. Most 
types of passive investment income, including dividends, interest, royalties and gains from the sale of 
securities are excluded from UBTI. UBTI could also be generated to the extent of the Partnership's 
"unrelated debt financed income", if any. Unrelated debt financed income is income derived from 
property with respect to which there is outstanding acquisition indebtedness and the use of such property 
is unrelated to its exempt purpose. Dividends, interest, annuities, royalties, gains from the sale of 
securities and other receipts otherwise excluded in computing unrelated business taxable income 
nevertheless may be included to the extent property generating those receipts is debt financed. In 
addition, UBTI could be generated by the Partnership if it invests in businesses operated as pass-through 
entities such as partnerships and limited liability companies. 
FOREIGN PARTNERS. The federal income tax treatment of Partners who are non-resident aliens of the 
United States will vary depending on whether the Partnership is treated as being engaged in a trade or 
business in the United States. If the Partnership is treated as not engaged in a United States trade or 
business, Partners who are non-resident aliens and foreign corporations will be subject to United States 
taxation only in limited instances. If a foreign person is not engaged in a United States trade or business, 
it is generally subject to a flat tax of 30% of the gross amount received in the form of United States source 
investment income. This would include dividends, royalties, certain interest and other similar income 
(but not capital gains, except as noted below) that is not related to the active conduct of a trade or business. 
The 30% tax is collected by imposing a withholding obligation on the Partnership. The withholding tax 
is reduced or eliminated in some circumstances for residents of countries with which the United States 
has income tax treaties. A nonresident alien, but not a foreign corporation, is generally subject to a 30% 
tax on his United States source capital gains where such person is physically present in the United States 
for 183 days or more during the taxable year, although an alien who is present for such a period will 
generally be a United States tax resident and therefore subject to United States taxation on his worldwide 
income. A nonresident alien who is present in the United States for 183 days or more is required to file 
a United States tax return and pay a tax of 30% on his net capital gains. Dispositions of United States 
real property interests are generally subject to U.S. tax under a special provision and do not fall within 
the general capital gains rule. 
Interest from certain investments is exempt from the 30% withholding tax. For example, the portfolio 
interest exception covers a broad class of interest income, which is exempt from withholding tax. In order 
to constitute portfolio interest, the underlying debt obligation on which the interest is paid must generally 
be issued in registered form and the foreign partner must have provided the withholding agent with a 
properly completed IRS Form W-8 BEN or W-8BEN-E or the obligation must be issued in bearer form 
and sold only overseas to foreign buyers (in which case a domestic partnership would generally not be an 
eligible holder). In order to constitute a registered obligation, the debt must be payable only to the named 
owner and any transfer of the obligation must be registered on the books of the issuer or the old note must 
be surrendered for cancellation and a new note issued in the name of the transferee. 
The portfolio interest exemption does not apply to interest received by a person who owns 10% or more 
of the total combined voting power of the payor. In the case of a partnership lender (such as the 
Partnership), this I 0% ownership test is applied at the partner level and so is not likely to prevent portfolio 
interest earned by the Partnership from qualifying for the portfolio interest exemption. 
On the other hand, if the Partnership were engaged in a trade or business (either directly or indirectly 
through an investment in a flow-through entity such as a partnership or limited liability company) at any 
time during the taxable year, each foreign Partner of the Partnership would be treated as being engaged 
in a United States trade or business and would be subject to United States income taxation (at the same 
net progressive rates applicable to United States citizens, residents and domestic corporations) on income 
that is effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business. For corporate Partners an 
Coo lidcatial & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810446
--- PAGE 48 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
additional branch profits tax will generally be imposed on such effectively connected income. If the 
Partnership were engaged in a United States trade or business, a withholding tax would be imposed on its 
effectively connected income allocable to foreign Partners. 
The foregoing discussion relates only to recognized income. The unrealized appreciation in stock or other 
securities distributed in-kind by the Partnership is generally not taxable until such stocks or securities are 
ultimately sold. The sale of stock by a nonresident alien will generally not be taxed by the United States 
so long as the sale is not made through an office or fixed place of business maintained by the alien in the 
United States. 
Each potential investor that is a non-resident alien of the United States is urged to consult with and 
must rely upon the advice of its own professional tax advisors with respect to the United States and 
foreign tar treatment of an investment in the Partnership. 
REPORTING. The General Partner will furnish each Partner with an annual statement setting forth 
information relating to the operations of the Partnership (including information regarding such Partner's 
distributive share of Partnership income and gains, losses, deductions and credits for the taxable year) as 
is reasonably required to enable the Partner to properly report to the IRS with respect to such Partner's 
participation in the Partnership. 
The federal information tax returns filed by the Partnership will be subject to audit by the IRS and the 
audit of the Partnership's returns could result in an audit of the Partners' own federal income tax returns. 
In connection with such audits, adjustments to Partnership items could result in the assertion of tax 
deficiencies (as well as interest and penalties thereon) against the Partners. Any administrative or judicial 
proceedings involving the federal income tax treatment of Partnership items will generally be conducted 
on a unified basis, with binding effect on all Partners. The General Partner will serve as the Partnership's 
"Tax Matters Partner" for purposes of coordinating any such proceedings and providing any required 
notices about such proceedings to the Partners. 
Treasury regulations impose special reporting rules for "reportable transactions." A reportable transaction 
includes, among other things, a transaction in which an advisor limits the disclosure of the tax treatment 
or tax structure of the transaction and receives a fee in excess of certain thresholds. The General Partner 
intends to take the position that an investment in the Partnership does not constitute a reportable 
transaction. If it were determined that an investment in the Partnership does constitute a reportable 
transaction, each Partner would be required to complete and file IRS Form 8886 with such Partner's tax 
return for the tax year that includes the date that such Partner acquired an interest in the Partnership. The 
General Partner reserves the right to disclose certain information about the Partners and the Partnership 
to the IRS on Form 8886, including the Partners' capital commitments, tax identification numbers (if 
any), and dates of admission to the Partnership, to facilitate compliance with the reportable transaction 
rules if necessary. In addition, the Partnership may engage in certain transactions which themselves 
constitute reportable transactions and with respect to which both the Partnership and certain Partners may 
be required to file Form 8886. A significant penalty is imposed on taxpayers who participate in a 
"reportable transaction" and fail to make the required disclosure. Certain states have similar reporting 
requirements and may impose penalties for failure to report. Partners should consult their tax advisors 
for advice concerning compliance with the reportable transaction regulations. 
The Code provides for optional, and in certain cases mandatory, adjustments to the basis of partnership 
property upon distributions of partnership property to a partner and transfers of partnership interests 
(including by reason of death). The General Partner may elect to adjust the basis of Partnership property 
in its sole discretion. In addition, the General Partner will be entitled to require that each Partner provide 
it with any information necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with its obligations under the rules 
relating to tax basis adjustments and disallowance of certain losses under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code. 
Conlidcanal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810447
--- PAGE 49 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
Partners permitted to transfer interests in the Partnership will also be required to provide certain 
information regarding the transfer to the General Partner and any transferee. 
FATCA. Pursuant to Code Sections 1471-1474 and treasury regulations issued thereunder ("FATCA"), 
the Partnership will be required to deduct a 30% withholding tax from payments of certain U.S. source 
income, including capital gains, made to its foreign Partners unless the foreign Partners are individuals 
or establish an exemption from this new withholding tax. The FATCA withholding tax cannot be reduced 
under a tax treaty. Each Partner will be required to provide the Partnership any and all information 
required for the Partnership to meet its obligations under FATCA. The purpose of FATCA is to insure 
that foreign entities receiving payments from U.S. sources disclose all of their direct or indirect U.S. 
owners. The FATCA withholding tax currently applies to payments of interest and dividends, but should 
not apply before January 1, 2019 in the case of proceeds from the sales of stock and securities. 
INVESTMENT BY THE PARTNERSHIP IN CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS. A non-United States 
corporation in which the Partnership invests may be classified as a controlled foreign corporation 
("CFC') in one or more taxable years while the corporation's stock is held by the Partnership. In general, 
a foreign corporation will be classified as a CFC if five or fewer 10% United States Shareholders (as 
defined below) own in the aggregate more than 50% of the voting power or value of the corporation's 
stock. A "10% United States Shareholder" is generally a U.S. person who owns, directly or indirectly, 
and with the application of certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the voting power of the stock of a 
foreign corporation. The Partnership will be considered a U.S. person for these purposes. Each 10% 
United States Shareholder who owns shares, directly or indirectly, in a CFC on the last day of the 
corporation's taxable year will be required to include an amount in gross income, subject to tax at ordinary 
income rates, equal to such 10% United States Shareholder's pro rata share of the corporation's (and each 
of the corporation's subsidiary CFCs) Subpart F income. In general, Subpart F income includes passive 
income and certain related party income. In addition, a 10% United States Shareholder may recognize 
ordinary income on all or a portion of the gain from the sale of stock of a CFC. 
INVESTMENT BY THE PARTNERSHIP IN PASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COMPANIES. A non-United 
States corporation in which the Partnership invests may be classified as a passive foreign investment 
company ("PFJC') in one or more taxable years while the corporation's stock is held by the Partnership. 
In general, a foreign corporation will be classified as a PFIC if (i) at least 75% of its gross income for the 
tax year is passive, or (ii) at least 50% of the assets held by the corporation during the year produce 
passive income. A direct or indirect United States shareholder of stock in a PFIC may defer United States 
tax until the stock is disposed of or until a distribution is received from the corporation. Gains realized 
upon disposition of stock in a PFIC and certain excess distributions by the PFIC will be taxed as ordinary 
income and will cause a United States shareholder to pay interest on the tax deferral obtained by reason 
of holding stock in the PFIC. United States shareholders of a PFIC other than certain entities exempt 
from United States federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code may avoid such interest charges 
by making a qualified electing fund ("QEF') election in the first taxable year in which the corporation 
becomes a PFIC. A QEF election would result in an annual inclusion in gross income of such United 
States shareholder's pro rata share of the corporation's ordinary earnings and net capital gains irrespective 
of whether such income is actually distributed. In order for the Partnership to make a valid QEF election 
with respect to a portfolio company, the PFIC must agree to provide detailed information concerning its 
operating income to the Partnership. There is no guarantee that any given portfolio company would agree 
to provide such information. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Partnership will be able to 
make a valid QEF election for any portfolio company that is a PFIC. 
GENERAL. The foregoing discussion is for general information purposes and intended only as a general 
summary of some of the principal federal income tax aspects of participation in the Partnership. The tax 
Con ltd.:float & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810448
--- PAGE 50 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
rules applicable with respect to the treatment of the Partners, the Partnership and the transactions that the 
Partnership may engage in are highly complex, and their effect, in certain instances, may not be free from 
doubt. It also must be emphasized that the tax rules presently applicable with respect to the transactions 
described in this offering are subject to change at any time, and any such changes may or may not be 
made with retroactive effect. 
Certain Securities Law And Anti-Money Laundering Considerations 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940. The Partnership will not be subject to the provisions of the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"), in reliance upon either 
Section 3(cX1)i or Section 3(cX7)2 of the Investment Company Act. The Subscription Agreement and 
Partnership Agreement will contain representations and restrictions on transfer designed to ensure that 
the conditions of one or both of these provisions will be met. 
In addition, the General Partner will be entitled to form separate, side-by-side partnerships that would 
avoid the application of the Investment Company Act based on application of either Section 3(c)(1) of 
the Investment Company Act (if the Partnership is relying on Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company 
Act) or Section 3(cX7) of the Investment Company Act (if the Partnership is relying on Section 3(cX I ) 
of the Investment Company Act). 
INVESTMENT ADVISORS ACT OF 1940. As of the date hereof, there is no requirement that the General 
Partner must register under the Advisors Act However, future changes in laws may impose such a 
requirement. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. The limited partner interests in the Partnership described herein are not being 
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Ace'), in reliance upon 
exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering. Each investor will be required to execute 
certain agreements in connection with its subscription for a limited partner interest in the Partnership, and 
in so doing will make certain representations to the General Partner, including: (i) that it is an "accredited 
investor" as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act; (ii) that it is acquiring its interest in the 
Partnership for its own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to its distribution; (iii) 
that it has received or had access to all information it deems relevant to evaluate the merits and risks of 
the prospective investment and that it has reviewed and understood all such information; (iv) that it has 
the ability to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Partnership for an indefinite period of time; 
and (v) that it has such knowledge and experience of financial and business matters that it is capable of 
evaluating the merits of an investment in the Partnership. 
Prior to sale, offerees and their advisors are invited to ask questions and obtain additional information 
from the General Partner concerning the limited partner interests in the Partnership described herein, the 
terms and conditions of the offering, and any other relevant matters (including, but not limited to, 
additional information to verify the accuracy of the information set forth herein). 
Section 3(cX I ) excludes from the definition of "investment company" any issuer whose outstanding securities arc beneficially 
owned by not more than one hundred (100) persons (as defined in this § 3(c)( I)), after giving effect to certain attribution rules, 
and that does not engage in a public offering of securities. 
Section 3(eX7) excludes from the definition of "investment company" any issuer whose outstanding securities are beneficially 
owned only by "qualified purchasers" or "knowledgeable employees" and that does not engage in a public offering of securities. 
A "qualified purchaser" includes a natural person who owns not less than $5,000,000 in investments, or a natural person or 
company, acting for its own account or the accounts of other qualified purchasers, who owns and invests on a discretionary basis 
not less than 525,000.000 in investments and certain trusts. 
confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810449
--- PAGE 51 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING REGULATIONS. All subscriptions for the limited partner interests in the 
Partnership described herein are subject to applicable anti-money laundering regulations. Investors will 
be required to comply with such anti-money laundering procedures as are required by Fulfilling Rights 
and Ending Eavesdropping Dragnet-collection and Online Monitoring Act of 2015 (USA FREEDOM 
Act). 
As part of the Partnership's responsibility to comply with any applicable regulations aimed at the 
prevention of money laundering, the Partnership may require verification of identity from all prospective 
investors. The Partnership may seek to: verify the identity of a prospective investor; ensure that the 
prospective investor is not named on one of the prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. Treasury 
Department; verify the source of a prospective investor's funds; once a prospective investor becomes a 
limited partner, monitor communications, capital contributions and withdrawals, and other payments 
involving the limited partner; and report suspicious activity to appropriate authorities. The Partnership 
may be required to exercise special scrutiny when prospective investors employ certain-kinds of financial 
institutions or financial institutions from certain countries or when prospective investors are senior 
governmental or military officials or senior executives of government-owned businesses. U.S. anti-
money laundering regulations are developing and changing continually and the Partnership may be 
required to implement other anti-money laundering measures from time to time. Prospective investors 
should be aware that in order to comply with any applicable anti-money laundering regulations, whether 
in the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction, certain information regarding prospective 
investors and partners may be required to be transmitted to, or held in, the United States or disclosed to 
certain regulatory authorities in any applicable jurisdiction. Depending on the circumstances of each 
subscription, it may not be necessary to obtain full documentary evidence of identity. 
The Partnership reserves the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a 
prospective investor. The Partnership also reserves the right to request such identification evidence in 
respect of a transferee of the limited partner interests in the Partnership. In the event of delay or failure 
by the prospective investor or transferee to produce any information required for verification purposes, 
the Partnership may refuse to accept the application or (as the case may be) to give effect to the relevant 
transfer and (in the case of a subscription for the limited partner interests in the Partnership) any funds 
received will be returned without interest to the account from which the monies were originally debited. 
The Partnership also reserves the right to refuse to make any distribution to a Limited Partner, if the 
General Partner suspects or is advised that the payment of any distribution proceeds to such Limited 
Partner might result in a breach or violation of any applicable anti-money laundering or other laws or 
regulations by any person in any relevant jurisdiction, or such refusal is considered necessary or 
appropriate to ensure the compliance by the Partnership, the General Partner or their respective affiliates 
with any such laws or regulations in any relevant jurisdiction. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
Each prospective investor that is an employee benefit plan or trust (an "ERISA Plan') within the 
meaning of and subject to the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA '7, or a plan within the meaning of and subject to the provisions of Section 4975 of 
the Code, such as an individual retirement account (IRA) (a "Code Plan'), should consider the matters 
described in this section in determining whether to invest in the Partnership. The provisions of ERISA 
are complex and their application to an investment in the Partnership should be reviewed by the 
appropriate representatives of any prospective investor that is an ERISA Plan or a Code Plan (each a 
"Plan"). In particular, each such prospective investor should consult with their own legal counsel 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810450
--- PAGE 52 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
concerning the issues described below. The following is intended to be a summary only and is not a 
substitute for careful planning with a professional adviser. 
FIDUCIARY MATTERS AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS GENERALLY. In considering an investment in 
the Partnership of a portion of the assets of any ERISA Plan, any Code Plan and any entity whose 
underlying assets include plan assets by reason of an investment in such entity by an ERISA Plan or a 
Code Plan (but not a foreign or governmental benefit plan that is not subject to ERISA or the Code) (a 
"benefit plan investor"), a fiduciary should consider, among other factors, (i) whether the investment is 
in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the Plan; (ii) whether the investment 
satisfies the diversification requirements of Section 404(a)(I)(C) of ERISA, if applicable; (iii) whether 
the investment provides sufficient liquidity to permit benefit payments to be made as they become due; 
(iv) any requirement that the fiduciary annually value the assets of the Plan; (v) whether the investment 
is prudent, since there is a high degree of risk in purchasing interests in the Partnership and it is not 
expected that there will be any public market in which the interests may be sold or otherwise disposed of; 
and (vi) whether the investment is for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to participants and their 
beneficiaries. 
ERISA and the Code prohibit Plan fiduciaries from engaging in various transactions ("Prohibited 
Transactions") involving Plan assets with persons who have certain relationships with respect to the Plan, 
such as Plan fiduciaries (a "party in interest"). Thus, for example, absent an exemption the fiduciaries of 
a Plan should not purchase interests in the Partnership with assets of any Plan if the General Partner or 
any of its affiliates (i) has investment discretion with respect to such assets; or (ii) gives individualized 
investment advice where there is an understanding that it will serve as the primary basis for the investment 
decisions made with respect to such assets. 
PLAN ASSETS. If the underlying assets of the Partnership (as opposed to interests in the Partnership alone) 
were deemed to be "plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other fiduciary responsibility 
standards of Title I of ERISA would extend to investments made by the Partnership; and (ii) certain 
transactions in which the Partnership might seek to engage could constitute Prohibited Transactions under 
ERISA and the Code. 
Under a regulation (the "Plan Assets Regulation") issued by the U.S. Department of Labor ("DOL"), the 
assets and properties of certain entities in which a Plan makes an equity investment (other than an 
investment in a publicly offered security or a security issued by an investment company registered under 
the Investment Company Act) would be deemed to be assets of the investing Plan unless (i) the entity is 
an "operating company" (including a "venture capital operating company') or (ii) equity participation by 
"benefit plan investors" is less than 25% of any class of equity of the entity. Interests in the Partnership 
will be neither publicly offered nor securities issued by an investment company registered under the 
Investment Company Act, within the meaning of the Plan Assets Regulation, and it is possible that benefit 
plan investors may purchase 25% or more of the Limited Partner interests in the Partnership. 
For the Partnership to be considered a venture capital operating company, as of the date of its initial long-
term investment and on any date of each "annual valuation period," at least 50% of its assets, valued at 
cost and exclusive of short-term investments pending long term commitment, must be investments in 
operating companies as to which the Partnership has contractual rights directly with the operating 
company to substantially participate in, or substantially influence, the conduct of such companies 
("management rights"). In addition, the Partnership must actually exercise its management rights in at 
least one of such companies in the ordinary course of its business each year. The Partnership cannot 
give any assurances as to whether it will be operated as or considered to be a venture capital 
operating company. 
Coalidential & Tradc Sorrel 
EFTA00810451
--- PAGE 53 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to each investor that is a "benefit plan investor" (as defined in ERISA), 
the General Partner acknowledges that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct the affairs 
of the Partnership so that the assets of the Partnership will not be deemed to be "plan assets" under 
regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Labor. 
PLAN ASSET CONSEQUENCES-PROHIBITED TRANSACTION EXEMPTIONS. If the Partnership's assets 
were deemed to constitute "plan assets" subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and a 
non-exempt Prohibited Transaction were to occur, then the General Partner, as a fiduciary and "party in 
interest," and any other "party in interest" that engaged in the prohibited transaction could be required (i) 
to restore to the Plan any profit realized on the transaction and (ii) to reimburse the Plan for any losses 
suffered by the Plan, as a result of such investment. In addition, each "party in interest" involved could 
be subject to an excise tax equal to 15% of the amount involved in the Prohibited Transaction for each 
year such transaction continues and, unless such transaction were corrected within statutorily required 
periods, to an additional tax of 100%. Plan fiduciaries who make the decision to invest in an interest in 
the Partnership could, under certain circumstances, be liable as co-fiduciaries for actions taken by the 
Partnership or the General Partner. 
Furthermore, unless appropriate administrative exemptions were available or were obtained, the 
Partnership could be restricted from acquiring an otherwise desirable investment or from entering into an 
otherwise favorable transaction, if such acquisition or transaction would constitute a Prohibited 
Transaction. 
FORM 5500 —ALTERNATIVE REPORTING OPTION. Most Plans must annually prepare and file with the 
Internal Revenue Service a Form 5500, Annual Return/Report of Employee Benefit Plan ("Form 5500"). 
Schedule C of Form 5500 requires expanded reporting of "indirect compensation" received by service 
providers to a Plan. "Indirect compensation" refers to compensation received from sources other than 
directly from a Plan or the sponsor of a Plan if received in connection with services rendered to the Plan. 
For this purpose, persons providing investment management services to a pooled investment vehicle in 
which a Plan invests are treated as indirectly providing investment management services to the Plan. 
Reportable "indirect compensation" thus includes fees received by a person from a pooled investment 
vehicle in which a Plan invests to the extent that such fees are charged against the pooled investment 
vehicle and reflected in the value of the Plan's investment, such as, for example, an investment adviser 
asset-based investment management fee. 
The disclosure and description of the Partnership's 
compensation arrangements contained in this Memorandum, the Subscription Agreement and/or the 
Partnership Agreement are intended to satisfy the requirements for the alternative reporting option for 
"eligible indirect compensation" that are set forth in the instructions to Schedule C of Form 5500 because 
they disclose and describe (a) the existence of the indirect compensation, (b) the services provided for the 
indirect compensation or the purpose for the payment of the indirect compensation, (c) the amount (or 
estimate) of the compensation or a description of the formula used to calculate or determine the 
compensation, and (d) the identity of the party or parties paying and receiving the compensation. 
Each Plan fiduciary should consult its legal adviser concerning the potential consequences under 
ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or similar state law before making an investment in the 
Partnership. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810452
--- PAGE 54 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
XI. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Prior to the consummation of the offering, the Partnership will provide to each prospective 
investor and such investor's representatives and advisors, if any, the opportunity to ask questions and 
receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the offering and to obtain any additional 
information which the Partnership may possess or can obtain without unreasonable effort and expense 
that is necessary to verify the accuracy of the information furnished to such prospective investor. 
This Memorandum is intended to present a general outline of the policies and structure of the 
Partnership and the General Partner. The Partnership Agreement, which specifies the rights and 
obligations of the Limited Partners, should be reviewed thoroughly by each prospective investor. The 
"Summary of Principal Terms" of the terms and conditions of the Partnership contained herein is 
necessarily incomplete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such agreement and the subscription 
agreements relating to the purchase of limited partnership interests therein. In the event any description 
of the Partnership's terms and conditions set forth in this Memorandum conflict with the provisions of 
such agreements, the terms and conditions set forth in such agreements shall control. 
Any questions regarding this offering, and any requests for copies of the Memorandum, the 
Partnership Agreement and the Subscription Agreement, should be forwarded to: 
Valar Ventures LLC 
915 Broadway, Suite 1101 
New York, NY 10010 
Email: 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810453
--- PAGE 55 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-1 
APPENDIX A 
NOTICES UNDER CERTAIN UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the applicable legends stated below prior to deciding 
whether or not to invest in the Partnership. 
NOTICE TO FLORIDA RESIDENTS: A PURCHASER (OTHER THAN AN INSTITUTIONAL 
INVESTOR DESCRIBED IN SECTION 517.061(7), FLA. STAT.) WHO ACCEPTS AN OFFER TO 
PURCHASE SECURITIES EXEMPTED FROM REGISTRATION BY SECTION 517.061(11), FLA. 
STAT., MAY VOID SUCH PURCHASE WITHIN A PERIOD OF THREE (3) DAYS AFTER (A) THE 
PURCHASER FIRST TENDERS CONSIDERATION TO THE ISSUER, ITS AGENT OR AN 
ESCROW AGENT OR (B) THE AVAILABILITY OF THAT PRIVILEGE IS COMMUNICATED TO 
THE PURCHASER, WHICHEVER LATER OCCURS, UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER 
THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN FLORIDA (NOT COUNTING THOSE INSTITUTIONAL 
INVESTORS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 517.061(7)). 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF OTHER STATES: IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION 
INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF THE ISSUER AND THE TERMS 
OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THESE SECURITIES 
HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE 
ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A 
CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD 
BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS 
INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
NOTICE TO FOREIGN INVESTORS: IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF ANY PERSON OR 
ENTITY WISHING TO PURCHASE AN INTEREST TO SATISFY HIMSELF, HERSELF OR ITSELF 
AS TO THE FULL OBSERVANCE OF THE LAWS OF ANY RELEVANT TERRITORY OUTSIDE 
OF THE UNITED STATES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH PURCHASE, INCLUDING 
OBTAINING ANY REQUIRED GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER CONSENTS OR OBSERVING 
ANY OTHER APPLICABLE FORMALITIES. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF AUSTRALIA: THE PARTNERSHIP IS NOT REGISTERED AS A 
MANAGED 
INVESTMENT SCHEME 
IN 
AUSTRALIA. THE 
PROVISION 
OF 
THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO ANY PERSON DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OF INTERESTS TO 
THAT PERSON OR AN INVITATION TO THAT PERSON TO APPLY FOR INTERESTS. ANY 
SUCH OFFER OR INVITATION WILL ONLY BE EXTENDED TO A PERSON IF THAT PERSON 
HAS FIRST SATISFIED THE GENERAL PARTNER THAT THE PERSON IS A WHOLESALE 
CLIENT FOR THE PURPOSE OF SECTION 76 I G(7) OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT OF 
AUSTRALIA. THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT A PROSPECTUS OR PRODUCT DISCLOSURE 
Con lidentual & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810454
--- PAGE 56 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-2 
STATEMENT. IT IS NOT REQUIRED TO, AND DOES NOT, CONTAIN ALL THE INFORMATION 
WHICH WOULD BE REQUIRED IN A PROSPECTUS OR PRODUCT DISCLOSURE STATEMENT. 
IT HAS NOT BEEN LODGED WITH OR BEEN THE SUBJECT OF NOTIFICATION TO THE 
AUSTRALIAN SECURITIES AND INVESTMENTS COMMISSION. IT IS A TERM OF ISSUE OF 
INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP THAT THE INVESTOR MAY NOT TRANSFER OR OFFER 
TO TRANSFER THEIR INTERESTS TO ANY PERSON LOCATED IN, OR RESIDENT OF, 
AUSTRALIA UNLESS THE PERSON IS A WHOLESALE CLIENT FOR THE PURPOSES OF 
SECTION 761G(7) OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT OF AUSTRALIA. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF BAHRAIN: THE MARKETING OF INTERESTS IN THE 
PARTNERSHIP IN BAHRAIN HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF 
BAHRAIN. THE CENTRAL BANK OF BAHRAIN TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE 
ACCURACY OF THE STATEMENTS AND 
INFORMATION 
CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF THE PARTNERSHIPS, NOR SHALL IT 
HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY PERSON, A LIMITED PARTNER OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY 
LOSS OR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM RELIANCE ON ANY STATEMENT OR INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF BELGIUM: THE PARTNERSHIP HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED WITH THE BELGIAN BANKING, FINANCE AND INSURANCE 
COMMISSION (COMMISSIE VOOR HET BANK-, FINANCIE- EN ASSURANTIEWEZEN / 
COMMISSION BANCAIRE, FINANCIERE ET DES ASSURANCES) ("CBFA")) AS A FOREIGN 
COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT INSTITUTION UNDER ARTICLE 127 OF THE BELGIAN LAW OF 
JULY 2004 ON CERTAIN FORMS OF COLLECTIVE MANAGEMENT OF INVESTMENT 
PORTFOLIO. THE OFFERING IN BELGIUM HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE NOTIFIED TO 
THE CBFA. THIS MEMORANDUM HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE APPROVED BY THE 
CBFA. THE PUBLIC OFFERING OF INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP IN BELGIUM WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF THE BELGIAN ACT OF JULY 20, 2004, AND THE BELGIAN ACT OF JUNE 
16, 2006 ON THE PUBLIC OFFERING OF INVESTMENT INSTRUMENTS AND THE ADMISSION 
OF INVESTMENT INSTRUMENTS TO LISTING ON A REGULATED MARKET HAS NOT BEEN 
AUTHORIZED BY THE PARTNERSHIP. THE OFFERING MAY NOT BE ADVERTISED, AND 
INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR 
DELIVERED TO, OR SUBSCRIBED TO BY, AND NO MEMORANDUM, INFORMATION 
CIRCULAR, BROCHURE OR SIMILAR DOCUMENT MAY BE DISTRIBUTED TO, DIRECTLY 
OR INDIRECTLY, ANY INDIVIDUAL OR LEGAL ENTITY IN BELGIUM, EXCEPT (I) TO 
"QUALIFIED INVESTORS" AS REFERRED TO IN ARTICLE 10, § 1 OF THE BELGIAN ACT OF 
JUNE 16, 2006, (II) SUBJECT TO THE RESTRICTION OF A MINIMUM INVESTMENT OF E50,000 
PER INVESTOR OR EQUIVALENT IN RELEVANT FOREIGN CURRENCY OR (III) IN ANY 
OTHER CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH THE PRESENT OFFERING DOES NOT QUALIFY AS A 
PUBLIC OFFERING IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AFOREMENTIONED ACT OF JUNE 16, 2006. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN ISSUED TO THE INTENDED RECIPIENT FOR PERSONAL 
USE ONLY AND EXCLUSIVELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE OFFERING. THEREFORE, IT 
MAY NOT BE USED FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE NOR PASSED ON TO ANY OTHER PERSON 
IN BELGIUM. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CANADA: 
PURCHASERS' REPRESENTATIONS, COVENANTS AND RESALE RESTRICTIONS 
CONFIRMATIONS OF THE ACCEPTANCE OF OFFERS TO PURCHASE INTERESTS WILL BE 
SENT TO PURCHASERS IN CANADA WHO HAVE NOT WITHDRAWN THEIR OFFERS TO 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810455
--- PAGE 57 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-3 
PURCHASE PRIOR TO THE ISSUANCE OF SUCH CONFIRMATIONS. EACH PURCHASER OF 
INTERESTS IN CANADA WHO RECEIVES A PURCHASE CONFIRMATION, BY THE 
PURCHASER'S RECEIPT THEREOF, REPRESENTS TO THE PARTNERSHIP AND ANY DEALER 
FROM WHOM SUCH PURCHASE CONFIRMATION IS RECEIVED THAT SUCH PURCHASER IS 
A PERSON OR COMPANY TO WHICH INTERESTS MAY BE SOLD WITHOUT THE BENEFIT 
OF A PROSPECTUS QUALIFIED UNDER APPLICABLE PROVINCIAL SECURITIES LAWS. IN 
PARTICULAR, PURCHASERS RESIDENT IN ONTARIO REPRESENT TO THE PARTNERSHIP 
THAT THE PURCHASER IS (A) EITHER AN "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" AS SUCH TERM IS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 1.1 OF NATIONAL INSTRUMENT 45-106 - PROSPECTUS AND 
REGISTRATION EXEMPTIONS OF THE CANADIAN SECURITIES ADMINISTRATORS (THE 
"NI") OR (B) A PURCHASER WHO PURCHASES INTERESTS THAT HAVE AN ACQUISITION 
COST TO THE PURCHASER OF NOT LESS THAN CS 150,000 PAID IN CASH AT THE TIME OF 
THE PURCHASE, AND WHO IS NOT CREATED OR USED SOLELY TO PURCHASE OR HOLD 
SECURITIES IN RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION IN SECTION 2.10 OF THE NI. IN EITHER 
CASE, THE PURCHASER MUST PURCHASE THE UNITS AS PRINCIPAL. THE DISTRIBUTION 
OF INTERESTS IN CANADA IS BEING MADE ON A PRIVATE PLACEMENT BASIS. 
ACCORDINGLY, ANY RESALE OF THE INTERESTS MUST BE MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS REQUIREMENTS OF 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS, WHICH VARY DEPENDING ON THE PROVINCE. 
PURCHASERS OF INTERESTS ARE ADVISED TO SEEK LEGAL ADVICE PRIOR TO ANY 
RESALE OF INTERESTS. 
IN ONTARIO, THE INTERESTS WILL, AND IN OTHER CANADIAN JURISDICTIONS, THE 
INTERESTS MAY, BE DISTRIBUTED THROUGH ONE OR MORE DEALERS REGISTERED 
WITH THE RELEVANT SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY. THE PARTNERSHIP IS NOT 
A "CONNECTED ISSUER" OR "RELATED ISSUER", WITHIN THE MEANING OF NATIONAL 
INSTRUMENT 33-105 - UNDERWRITING CONFLICTS OF THE CANADIAN SECURITIES 
ADMINISTRATORS, OF ANY SUCH DEALER. 
ENFORCEMENT OF LEGAL RIGHTS 
ALL OF THE PARTNERSHIP, ITS LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, THE ADVISER, AND THEIR 
RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS MAY BE LOCATED OUTSIDE OF CANADA AND, 
AS A RESULT, IT MAY NOT BE POSSIBLE FOR CANADIAN PURCHASERS TO EFFECT 
SERVICE OF PROCESS WITHIN CANADA UPON THE PARTNERSHIP, ITS LEGAL 
REPRESENTATIVES, THE ADVISER, OR THEIR DIRECTORS OR OFFICERS. ALL OR A 
SUBSTANTIAL 
PORTION OF THE ASSETS OF THE PARTNERSHIP, ITS LEGAL 
REPRESENTATIVES, THE ADVISER, AND SUCH PERSONS MAY BE LOCATED OUTSIDE OF 
CANADA AND, AS A RESULT, IT MAY NOT BE POSSIBLE TO SATISFY A JUDGMENT 
AGAINST THE PARTNERSHIP, ITS LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, THE ADVISER, AND SUCH 
PERSONS IN CANADA OR TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT OBTAINED IN CANADIAN COURTS 
AGAINST THE PARTNERSHIP, ITS LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, THE ADVISER, OR SUCH 
PERSONS OUTSIDE OF CANADA. 
SECURITIES LEGISLATION IN CERTAIN OF THE CANADIAN JURISDICTIONS REQUIRES 
PURCHASERS TO BE PROVIDED WITH A REMEDY FOR RESCISSION OR DAMAGES, OR 
BOTH, IN ADDITION TO AND NOT IN DEROGATION FROM ANY OTHER RIGHT THEY MAY 
HAVE AT LAW, WHERE AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM AND ANY AMENDMENT TO IT 
CONTAINS A MISREPRESENTATION. THESE REMEDIES MUST BE EXERCISED BY THE 
PURCHASER WITHIN THE TIME LIMITS PRESCRIBED BY THE APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LEGISLATION. 
Con 
& Trade Secret 
EFTA00810456
--- PAGE 58 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-4 
PURCHASERS SHOULD REFER TO THE APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
LEGISLATION FOR THE COMPLETE TEXT OF THESE RIGHTS OR CONSULT WITH A LEGAL 
ADVISOR. 
THE APPLICABLE CONTRACTUAL AND/OR STATUTORY RIGHTS ARE SUMMARIZED 
BELOW. THE SUMMARY IS SUBJECT TO THE EXPRESS PROVISIONS OF THE APPLICABLE 
PROVINCIAL SECURITIES LAWS AND THE REGULATIONS AND RULES THEREUNDER AND 
REFERENCE IS MADE THERETO FOR THE COMPLETE TEXT OF SUCH PROVISIONS. 
THIS 
MEMORANDUM 
CONTAINS, 
PROXIMATE 
TO 
THE 
FORWARD-LOOKING 
INFORMATION, REASONABLE CAUTIONARY LANGUAGE IDENTIFYING THE FORWARD-
LOOKING INFORMATION AS SUCH, AND IDENTIFYING MATERIAL FACTORS THAT 
COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM A CONCLUSION, 
FORECAST OR PROJECTION IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION, AND A 
STATEMENT OF MATERIAL FACTORS OR ASSUMPTIONS THAT WERE APPLIED IN 
DRAWING A CONCLUSION OR MAKING A FORECAST OR PROJECTION SET OUT IN THE 
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION; AND 
THE PARTNERSHIP HAS A REASONABLE BASIS FOR DRAWING THE CONCLUSION OR 
MAKING THE FORECASTS AND PROJECTIONS SET OUT IN THE FORWARD LOOKING 
INFORMATION. 
THE FOREGOING RIGHTS DO NOT APPLY IF THE PURCHASER IS: 
(A) 
A CANADIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION (AS DEFINED IN NATIONAL INSTRUMENT 
45-106 - PROSPECTUS AND REGISTRATION EXEMPTIONS OF THE CANADIAN SECURITIES 
ADMINISTRATORS) OR A SCHEDULE III BANK; 
(B) 
THE BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT BANK OF CANADA INCORPORATED UNDER THE 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT BANK OF CANADA ACT (CANADA); OR 
(C) 
A SUBSIDIARY OF ANY PERSON REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPHS (A) AND (B), IF 
THE PERSON OWNS ALL OF THE VOTING SECURITIES OF THE SUBSIDIARY, EXCEPT THE 
VOTING SECURITIES REQUIRED BY LAW TO BE OWNED BY DIRECTORS OF THAT 
SUBSIDIARY. 
THE FOREGOING SUMMARY IS SUBJECT TO THE EXPRESS PROVISIONS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT (ONTARIO) AND THE RULES, REGULATIONS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS 
THEREUNDER, AND REFERENCE IS MADE TO THE COMPLETE TEXT OF SUCH PROVISIONS 
CONTAINED 
THEREIN. 
SUCH 
PROVISIONS 
MAY 
CONTAIN 
LIMITATIONS AND 
STATUTORY DEFENSES ON WHICH THE PARTNERSHIP MAY RELY. THE RIGHTS OF 
ACTION DESCRIBED HEREIN ARE IN ADDITION TO AND WITHOUT DEROGATION FROM 
ANY OTHER RIGHT OR REMEDY THAT THE PURCHASER MAY HAVE AT LAW. 
CERTAIN CANADIAN INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF INTERESTS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO ANY TAXES EXIGIBLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR DISPOSITION OF INTERESTS. IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT 
TAX ADVISORS BE EMPLOYED IN CANADA, AS THERE ARE A NUMBER OF SUBSTANTIVE 
CANADIAN TAX COMPLIANCE REQUIREMENTS FOR CANADIAN INVESTORS. 
CONTRACTUAL AND/OR STATUTORY RIGHTS OF ACTION 
ONTARIO: 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810457
--- PAGE 59 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-5 
PURCHASERS IN ONTARIO TO WHOM THIS MEMORANDUM IS DELIVERED AND WHO 
PURCHASE INTERESTS IN RELIANCE ON THE PROSPECTUS EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY 
SECTION 2.3 OF ONTARIO SECURITIES COMMISSION RULE 45.501 ARE HEREBY GRANTED 
THE FOLLOWING RIGHTS: 
IN THE EVENT THAT THIS MEMORANDUM OR ANY AMENDMENT THERETO DELIVERED 
TO A PURCHASER OF INTERESTS IN ONTARIO CONTAINS AN UNTRUE STATEMENT OF A 
MATERIAL FACT OR OMITS TO STATE A MATERIAL FACT THAT IS REQUIRED TO BE 
STATED OR THAT IS NECESSARY TO MAKE ANY STATEMENT THEREIN NOT MISLEADING 
IN THE LIGHT OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH IT WAS MADE (HEREIN CALLED A 
"MISREPRESENTATION") AND IT WAS A MISREPRESENTATION AT THE TIME OF 
PURCHASE, THE PURCHASER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE RELIED UPON THE 
MISREPRESENTATION AND WILL, SUBJECT AS HEREINAFTER PROVIDED, HAVE A RIGHT 
OF ACTION AGAINST THE PARTNERSHIP FOR DAMAGES, OR, WHILE STILL THE OWNER 
OF THE INTERESTS PURCHASED BY THAT PURCHASER FOR RESCISSION, IN WHICH CASE, 
IF THE PURCHASER ELECTS TO EXERCISE THE RIGHT OF RESCISSION, THE PURCHASER 
WILL HAVE NO RIGHT OF ACTION FOR DAMAGES AGAINST THE PARTNERSHIP, 
PROVIDED THAT: 
• 
THE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR RESCISSION WILL BE EXERCISABLE BY A 
PURCHASER ONLY IF THE PURCHASER GIVES NOTICE TO THE PARTNERSHIP NOT 
LATER THAN 180 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE TRANSACTION THAT GAVE RISE 
TO THE CAUSE OF ACTION; 
• 
THE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR DAMAGES OR ANY OTHER ACTION OTHER THAN THE 
RIGHT OF ACTION FOR RESCISSION WILL BE EXERCISABLE BY A PURCHASER 
ONLY IF THE PURCHASER GIVES NOTICE TO THE PARTNERSHIP NOT LATER 
THAN THE EARLIER OF (I) 180 DAYS AFTER THE PURCHASER HAD KNOWLEDGE 
OF THE FACTS GIVING RISE TO THE CAUSE OF ACTION OR (II) THREE YEARS 
AFTER THE DATE OF THE TRANSACTION THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CAUSE OF 
ACTION; 
• 
THE PARTNERSHIP WILL NOT BE LIABLE IF IT PROVES THAT THE PURCHASER 
PURCHASED THE INTERESTS WITH KNOWLEDGE OF THE MISREPRESENTATION; 
• 
IN THE CASE OF AN ACTION FOR DAMAGES, THE PARTNERSHIP WILL NOT BE 
LIABLE FOR ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE DAMAGES THAT IT PROVES DOES NOT 
REPRESENT THE DEPRECIATION IN VALUE OF THE INTERESTS AS A RESULT OF 
THE MISREPRESENTATION RELIED UPON; AND 
• 
IN NO CASE WILL THE AMOUNT RECOVERABLE IN ANY ACTION EXCEED THE 
PRICE AT WHICH THE INTERESTS WERE SOLD TO PURCHASER. 
• 
THE STATUTORY RIGHTS DISCUSSED ABOVE ARE IN ADDITION TO AND 
WITHOUT DEROGATION FROM ANY OTHER RIGHT THE PURCHASER MAY HAVE 
AT LAW. 
UNLESS THE PARTNERSHIP HAS ENGAGED AN ONTARIO-REGISTERED DEALER TO 
PLACE THE INTERESTS IN ONTARIO, EACH PURCHASER OF INTERESTS IN ONTARIO WILL 
BE REQUIRED TO DESIGNATE AN ONTARIO-REGISTERED DEALER TO COMPLETE THE 
PURCHASE OF THE INTERESTS ON ITS BEHALF. THE STAFF OF THE ONTARIO SECURITIES 
COMMISSION TAKE THE POSITION THAT A PERSON THAT PROVIDES INVESTMENT 
ADVICE TO A FUND THAT DISTRIBUTES ITS INTERESTS IN ONTARIO IS CONSIDERED TO 
Con lidcanal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810458
--- PAGE 60 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-6 
BE ACTING AS AN ADVISER IN ONTARIO, AND IS SUBJECT TO THE REQUIREMENT TO 
REGISTER AS AN ADVISER, NOTWITHSTANDING THAT THE ADVICE MAY BE GIVEN TO 
AND RECEIVED BY THE PARTNERSHIP OUTSIDE OF ONTARIO. NEITHER THE GENERAL 
PARTNER NOR THE RELATED "MANAGEMENT COMPANY" IS REGISTERED IN ONTARIO. 
HOWEVER, ONE OR BOTH OF SUCH ENTITIES MAY RELY UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM 
THE ADVISER REGISTRATION REQUIREMENT IF THE INTERESTS ARE DISTRIBUTED 
THROUGH 
AN 
ONTARIO-REGISTERED 
DEALER. 
ACCORDINGLY, 
UNLESS 
THE 
PARTNERSHIP HAS ENGAGED AN ONTARIO-REGISTERED DEALER TO PLACE THE 
INTERESTS IN ONTARIO, NO SALE WILL BE MADE TO A PURCHASER RESIDENT IN 
ONTARIO UNLESS THE DESIGNATION FORM CONTAINED IN THE SUBSCRIPTION 
AGREEMENT HAS BEEN COMPLETED AND DELIVERED TO THE PARTNERSHIP. 
QUEBEC: 
IN QUEBEC, EVERY PERSON WHO HAS SUBSCRIBED FOR SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THIS 
MEMORANDUM MAY, IN THE EVENT THAT THIS MEMORANDUM CONTAINS A 
MISREPRESENTATION, APPLY TO HAVE THE CONTRACT RESCINDED OR THE PRICE 
REVISED, WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO HIS OR HER CLAIM FOR DAMAGES, PROVIDED THAT 
NO ACTION MAY BE COMMENCED TO ENFORCE SUCH RIGHT UNLESS THE RIGHT IS 
EXERCISED: 
IN THE CASE OF RESCISSION OR REVISION OF THE PRICE, WITHIN ONE YEAR 
FROM THE DATE OF THE TRANSACTION; AND 
• 
IN THE CASE OF DAMAGES, WITHIN ONE YEAR OF THE DATE ON WHICH THE 
PERSON ACQUIRED KNOWLEDGE OF THE FACTS GIVING RISE TO THE ACTION, 
EXCEPT UPON PROOF THAT THE PLAINTIFF ACQUIRED SUCH KNOWLEDGE MORE 
THAN ONE YEAR AFTER THE DATE OF THE TRANSACTION AS A RESULT OF THE 
NEGLIGENCE OF THE PLAINTIFF. 
AN ACTION FOR RESCISSION OR REVISION OF THE PRICE OR DAMAGES AGAINST THE 
ISSUER, THE DEFENDANT MAY DEFEAT THE APPLICATION ONLY IF IT IS PROVED THAT 
THE PLAINTIFF KNEW, AT THE TIME OF THE TRANSACTION, OF THE ALLEGED 
MISREPRESENTATION. 
BRITISH COLUMBIA: 
IN THE EVENT THAT THIS MEMORANDUM OR ANY AMENDMENT THERETO DELIVERED 
TO A PURCHASER OF INTERESTS IN BRITISH COLUMBIA CONTAINS AN UNTRUE 
STATEMENT OF A MATERIAL FACT OR OMITS TO STATE A MATERIAL FACT THAT IS 
REQUIRED TO BE STATED OR IS NECESSARY IN ORDER TO PREVENT ANY STATEMENT 
THAT IS BEING MADE FROM NOT BEING FALSE OR MISLEADING IN THE 
CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH IT WAS MADE (HEREIN CALLED A "MISREPRESENTATION") 
AND IT WAS A MISREPRESENTATION AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, THE PURCHASER WILL 
BE DEEMED TO HAVE RELIED UPON THE MISREPRESENTATION AND WILL, SUBJECT AS 
HEREINAFTER PROVIDED, HAVE A RIGHT OF ACTION AGAINST THE PARTNERSHIP FOR 
DAMAGES, OR, WHILE STILL THE OWNER OF THE INTERESTS PURCHASED BY THAT 
PURCHASER, FOR RESCISSION, IN WHICH CASE, IF THE PURCHASER ELECTS TO 
EXERCISE THE RIGHT OF RESCISSION, THE PURCHASER WILL HAVE NO RIGHT OF 
ACTION FOR DAMAGES AGAINST THE PARTNERSHIP, PROVIDED THAT: 
• 
THE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR RESCISSION OR DAMAGES IS ENFORCEABLE BY A 
PURCHASER ON NOTICE BY THE PURCHASER TO THE PARTNERSHIP ON OR 
Con lidcattal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810459
--- PAGE 61 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-7 
BEFORE THE 90TH DAY AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH PAYMENT IS MADE FOR 
INTERESTS OR ON WHICH THE INITIAL PAYMENT WAS MADE FOR THE 
INTERESTS, IF PAYMENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE INITIAL PAYMENT ARE MADE 
UNDER A CONTRACTUAL COMMITMENT ENTERED 
INTO 
BEFORE, OR 
CONCURRENTLY WITH, THE INITIAL PAYMENT; 
• 
A PURCHASER WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO COMMENCE AN ACTION TO ENFORCE 
A RIGHT: (1) IN THE CASE OF AN ACTION FOR RESCISSION, MORE THAN 180 DAYS 
AFTER THE DATE OF THE TRANSACTION THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CAUSE OF 
ACTION; OR (II) IN THE CASE OF AN ACTION FOR DAMAGES, MORE THAN THE 
EARLIER OF 180 DAYS AFTER THE DATE THE PURCHASER FIRST HAD 
KNOWLEDGE OF THE FACTS THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CAUSE OF ACTION OR 
THREE YEARS FROM THE DATE OF THE TRANSACTION THAT GAVE RISE TO THE 
CAUSE OF ACTION; 
• 
THE PARTNERSHIP WILL NOT BE LIABLE IF IT PROVES THAT THE PURCHASER 
PURCHASED THE INTERESTS WITH KNOWLEDGE OF THE MISREPRESENTATION; 
• 
IN THE CASE OF AN ACTION FOR DAMAGES, THE PARTNERSHIP WILL NOT BE 
LIABLE FOR ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE DAMAGES THAT IT PROVES DOES NOT 
REPRESENT THE DEPRECIATION IN VALUE OF THE INTERESTS AS A RESULT OF 
THE MISREPRESENTATION RELIED UPON; AND 
• 
IN NO CASE WILL THE AMOUNT RECOVERABLE IN ANY ACTION EXCEED THE 
PRICE AT WHICH THE INTERESTS WERE SOLD TO THE PURCHASER_ 
THE CONTRACTUAL RIGHTS DISCUSSED ABOVE ARE IN ADDITION TO AND WITHOUT 
DEROGATION FROM ANY OTHER RIGHTS OR REMEDIES AVAILABLE AT LAW TO THE 
PURCHASER. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CHINA (THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA): THE 
INTERESTS ARE NOT BEING OFFERED OR SOLD AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA (FOR SUCH 
PURPOSES, NOT INCLUDING THE HONG KONG AND MACAU SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE 
REGIONS OR TAIWAN), EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY THE SECURITIES AND FUNDS LAWS 
OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF DENMARK: INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP ARE BEING 
OFFERED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF INSTITUTIONAL AND SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS. 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 11 OF THE PROSPECTUS ORDER (MINISTERIAL ORDER NO. 1232 
OF OCTOBER 22, 2007 ON THE PROSPECTUS REQUIREMENTS FOR OFFERINGS OF A VALUE 
ABOVE 62,500,000) ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 23(8) OF THE DANISH 
SECURITIES TRADING ACT (CONSOLIDATED ACT NO. 214 OF APRIL 2, 2008) THE 
FOLLOWING TYPES OF OFFERINGS ARE EXEMPTED FROM PROSPECTUS REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS: 
(A) OFFERINGS TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS; 
(B) OFFERINGS TO NON-ACCREDITED INVESTORS IF THE OFFER IS DIRECTED AT FEWER 
THAN 100 PRIVATE OR LEGAL PERSONS IN DENMARK; 
(C) OFFERINGS FOR WHICH THE VALUE OF EACH INTEREST EXCEEDS €50,000; OR 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810460
--- PAGE 62 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-8 
(D) OFFERINGS WHERE PARTICIPATION IS CONDITIONAL UPON PAYMENT OF MORE 
THAN €50,000 PER INVESTOR. 
THIS MEMORANDUM MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED TO, AND THE OFFERING MAY ONLY 
BE SUBSCRIBED BY, INVESTORS THAT SATISFY ONE OR MORE OF THE CONDITIONS SET 
OUT ABOVE FROM (A) TO (D). ACCORDINGLY, THIS MEMORANDUM HAS NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH THE DANISH FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY OR 
THE DANISH COMMERCE AND COMPANIES AGENCY UNDER THE RELEVANT DANISH 
ACTS AND REGULATIONS ON THE OFFERING IN DENMARK OF FUND INTERESTS. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF FRANCE: THE OFFER OF INTERESTS IS NOT SUBJECT TO THE 
REQUIREMENT OF A PROSPECTUS OR OTHER INFORMATION DOCUMENT FILED WITH 
THE COMMISSION DES OPERATIONS DE BOURSE FOR ITS APPROVAL (VISA). NEITHER 
THIS MEMORANDUM NOR ANY OFFERING MATERIAL RELATING TO THE OFFER OF 
INTERESTS HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE SUBMITTED TO THE CLEARANCE PROCEDURES OF 
THE FRENCH AUTHORITIES, INCLUDING THE COMMISSION DES OPERATIONS DE 
BOURSE. THE INTERESTS MAY ONLY BE OFFERED TO AND PURCHASED OR SUBSCRIBED 
TO BY INVESTORS REFERRED TO IN ARTICLE L. 411-2 OF THE FRENCH MONETARY AND 
FINANCIAL CODE (CODE MONETAIRE ET FINANCIER) AND DECRET N° 98.880, DATED 
OCTOBER 1, 1998, ACTING FOR THEIR OWN ACCOUNT. IN THE EVENT THAT THE 
INTERESTS THUS PURCHASED OR SUBSCRIBED TO BY SUCH INVESTORS ARE OFFERED 
OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO THE PUBLIC IN FRANCE, THE CONDITIONS SET 
FORTH IN ARTICLES L. 412-I AND L. 621-8 OF THE CODE CITED ABOVE MUST BE 
COMPLIED WITH. IF THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED TO A CLOSE CIRCLE OF INVESTORS 
OF 100 PERSONS OR MORE, SUCH INVESTORS MUST REPRESENT THAT THEY KNOW ONE 
OF THE MEMBERS OF THE PARTNERSHIP'S MANAGEMENT PERSONALLY AND HAVE 
EITHER A FAMILY OR PROFESSIONAL RELATIONSHIP WITH SUCH MEMBER. THIS 
MEMORANDUM AND OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS RELATING TO THE OFFER OF 
INTERESTS ARE STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
PERSON OR ENTITY OTHER THAN THE RECIPIENTS HEREOF. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF GERMANY: THIS DOCUMENT AND OTHER RELATED 
OFFERING MATERIALS HAVE NOT BEEN SUBMITTED TO THE GERMAN FEDERAL 
FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
SUPERVISORY 
AUTHORITY 
(BUNDESANSTALT 
FOR 
FINANZDIENSTLEISTUNGSAUFSICHT - 
"BAFIN") AND INTERESTS IN THE FUND 
DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT ARE NOT ADMITTED OR REGISTERED WITH BAFIN FOR 
PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN GERMANY UNDER THE SECURITIES PROSPECTUS ACT 
(WERTPAPIERPROSPEKTGESETZ 
- 
"WPPG"), THE 
CAPITAL 
INVESTMENTS 
ACT 
(VERMOGENSANLAGENGESETZ - "VERMANLG") AND/OR THE CAPITAL INVESTMENT 
CODE (KAPITALANLAGEGESETZBUCH - "KAGB"). CONSEQUENTLY, INTERESTS IN THE 
FUND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD TO THE PUBLIC IN GERMANY AND THIS 
DOCUMENT AND ANY OTHER RELATED OFFERING MATERIALS MAY NOT BE 
DISTRIBUTED TO THE PUBLIC. FURTHER, NO FILING FOR REGISTRATION OF INTERESTS 
IN THE FUND WITH BAFIN UNDER THE KAGB HAS SO FAR BEEN MADE. 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT AND IN OTHER RELATED OFFERING 
MATERIALS IS STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL AND ONLY INTENDED FOR THE RECIPIENT 
THEREOF. RECIPIENTS MAY NOT PASS THIS DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER RELATED 
OFFERING MATERIALS ON TO THIRD PERSONS EXCEPT TO THEIR ADVISORS FOR 
PURPOSES OF EVALUATING THEIR OWN INVESTMENT. ANY RESALE OF INTERESTS IN 
THE FUND IN GERMANY MAY ONLY BE MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS 
Conlidentual & Trade Scat' 
EFTA00810461
--- PAGE 63 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-9 
OF THE WPPG, THE VERMANLG OR THE KAGB, AS APPLICABLE, AND ANY OTHER LAW 
APPLICABLE IN GERMANY GOVERNING THE SALE AND OFFERING OF SECURITIES AND 
FUND INTERESTS. THE FUND WILL NOT MEET THE REPORTING AND PUBLICATION 
REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER 
THE 
GERMAN 
INVESTMENT 
TAX 
ACT 
(INVESTMENTSTEUERGESETZ). POTENTIAL INVESTORS IN THE FUND ARE ADVISED TO 
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANSACTION INVOLVING THE FUND. TAXATION RATES AND THEIR BASES 
MAY CHANGE. AS A RESULT, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD KEEP ANY TAX ADVICE 
OBTAINED UNDER REVIEW. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF GREECE: THIS MEMORANDUM AND INTERSTS TO WHICH IT 
RELATES AND ANY OTHER MATERIAL RELATED THERETO MAY NOT BE ADVERTISED, 
DISTRIBUTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE PUBLIC IN GREECE. THE GREEK 
CAPITAL MARKET COMMISSION HAS NOT AUTHORIZED ANY PUBLIC OFFEREING OF THE 
SUBSCRIPTION OR INTERESTS IN THE FUND; ACCORDINGLY, INTERESTS MAY NOT BE 
ADVERTISED, DISTRIBUTED OR IN ANY WAY OFFERED OR SOLD IN GREECE OR TO 
RESIDENTS THEREOF EXCEPT AS PERMITETD BY GREEK LAW. THIS MEMORANDUM AND 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN DO NOT AND WILL NOT BE DEEMED TO 
CONSITUTE AN INVITATION TO THE PUBLIC IN GREECE TO PURCHASE INTERESTS. THE 
FUND DOES NOT HAVE A GUARANTEED PERFORMANCE AND PAST RETURNS DO NOT 
GUARANTEE FUTURE ONES. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF HONG KONG: NO PERSON MAY OFFER OR SELL IN HONG 
KONG, BY MEANS OF ANY DOCUMENT, ANY INTERESTS OTHER THAN (A) TO 
"PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS" AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ORDINANCE (CAP. 571) OF HONG KONG AND ANY RULES MADE UNDER THAT 
ORDINANCE; OR (B) IN OTHER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH DO NOT RESULT IN THE 
DOCUMENT BEING A "PROSPECTUS" AS DEFINED IN THE COMPANIES ORDINANCE (CAP. 
32) OF HONG KONG OR WHICH DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO THE PUBLIC WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF THAT ORDINANCE. 
NO PERSON MAY ISSUE, OR HAVE IN ITS POSSESSION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ISSUE, 
WHETHER IN HONG KONG OR ELSEWHERE, ANY ADVERTISEMENT, INVITATION OR 
DOCUMENT RELATING TO THE INTERESTS, WHICH IS DIRECTED AT, OR THE CONTENTS 
OF WHICH ARE LIKELY TO BE ACCESSED OR READ BY, THE PUBLIC IN HONG KONG 
(EXCEPT IF PERMITTED TO DO SO UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF HONG KONG) OTHER 
THAN WITH RESPECT TO INTERESTS WHICH ARE OR ARE INTENDED TO BE DISPOSED OF 
ONLY TO PERSONS OUTSIDE HONG KONG OR ONLY TO "PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS" AS 
DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ORDINANCE (CAP. 571) OF HONG KONG AND 
ANY RULES MADE UNDER THAT ORDINANCE. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF INDIA: THIS SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENT DOES NOT 
CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR AN OFFER TO BUY INTERESTS FROM ANY PERSON 
OTHER THAN THE PERSON TO WHOM THIS SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENT HAS BEEN SENT 
BY THE PARTNERSHIP OR ITS AUTHORIZED AGENT. THIS SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENT IS 
NOT AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A PROSPECTUS. THE INTERESTS IN THE 
PARTNERSHIP ARE NOT BEING OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC FOR SALE OR SUBSCRIPTION 
BUT ARE BEING PRIVATELY PLACED WITH A LIMITED NUMBER OF SOPHISTICATED 
INVESTORS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MUST SEEK LEGAL ADVICE AS TO WHETHER 
THEY ARE ENTITLED TO SUBSCRIBE FOR THE INTERESTS OF THE PARTNERSHIP AND 
MUST COMPLY WITH ALL RELEVANT INDIAN LAWS IN THIS RESPECT. 
Conlidennal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810462
--- PAGE 64 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-10 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF IRELAND: THIS DOCUMENT AND THE INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN IS CONFIDENTIAL AND HAS BEEN PREPARED AND IS INTENDED FOR 
USE ON A CONFIDENTIAL BASIS SOLELY BY THOSE PERSONS IN IRELAND TO WHOM IT 
IS SENT BY. IT MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED, REDISTRIBUTED OR PASSED ON TO ANY 
OTHER PERSONS OR PUBLISHED IN WHOLE OR IN ANY PART FOR ANY PURPOSE. IT DOES 
NOT CONSTITUTE AN INVITATION TO THE PUBLIC IN IRELAND OR ANY SECTION 
THEREOF TO SUBSCRIBE FOR OR PURCHASE ANY SHARES OR OTHER SECURITIES IN ANY 
COMPANY AND ACCORDINGLY IS NOT A PROSPECTUS WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE 
PROSPECTUS DIRECTIVE REGULATIONS. 
THE OFFER IS BEING EXTENDED TO A SMALL NUMBER OF PERSONS RESIDENT IN THE 
REPUBLIC OF IRELAND BY WAY OF A PRIVATE PLACEMENT. NEITHER THIS DOCUMENT 
NOR THE OFFER CONSTITUTE AN INVITATION TO THE PUBLIC IN IRELAND OR ANY 
SECTION THEREOF TO SUBSCRIBE FOR OR PURCHASE INTERESTS AND ACCORDINGLY 
IS NOT A PROSPECTUS WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROSPECTUS DIRECTIVE 
REGULATIONS. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF ISRAEL: THIS MEMORANDUM HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED 
BY THE ISRAELI SECURITIES AUTHORITY. THE INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP ARE 
BEING OFFERED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS, IN ALL CASES 
UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES THAT WILL FALL WITHIN THE PRIVATE PLACEMENT OR 
OTHER EXEMPTIONS SET FORTH IN THE ISRAELI SECURITIES LAW 1968 OR THE JOINT 
INVESTMENT TRUST LAW 1994. THIS MEMORANDUM MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR 
USED FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE NOR BE FURNISHED TO ANY OTHER PERSON OTHER 
THAN THOSE TO WHOM COPIES HAVE BEEN SENT. ANY PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR WHO 
PURCHASES AN INTEREST IN THE PARTNERSHIP IS PURCHASING SUCH INTEREST FOR 
ITS OWN BENEFIT AND ACCOUNT AND NOT WITH THE AIM OR INTENTION OF 
DISTRIBUTING OR OFFERING SUCH INTEREST TO OTHER PARTIES. THIS MEMORANDUM 
DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY, 
IN ISRAEL, TO ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR 
SOLICITATION IN ISRAEL. NOTHING IN THIS MEMORANDUM SHOULD BE CONSIDERED 
AS INVESTMENT ADVICE AS DEFINED IN THE ISRAELI REGULATION OF INVESTMENT 
ADVICE, INVESTMENT MARKETING AND INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT LAW 
1995. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF JAPAN: NEITHER THE PARTNERSHIP NOR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES IS OR WILL BE REGISTERED AS A "FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS FIRM" 
PURSUANT TO THE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND EXCHANGE LAW. NEITHER THE 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AGENCY OF JAPAN NOR THE KANTO LOCAL FINANCE BUREAU 
HAS PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM OR 
OTHERWISE APPROVED OR AUTHORIZED THE OFFERING OF INTERESTS IN THE 
PARTNERSHIP TO INVESTORS RESIDENT IN JAPAN. NEITHER THE INTERESTS DESCRIBED 
IN THIS MEMORANDUM NOR THE OFFERING THEREOF HAS BEEN DISCLOSED PURSUANT 
TO THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE LAW OF JAPAN (LAW NO.25 OF 1948 AS AMENDED). THE 
PURCHASER OF AN INTEREST AGREES NOT TO RE-TRANSFER OR RE-ASSIGN SUCH 
INTEREST TO ANYONE OTHER THAN NON-RESIDENTS OF JAPAN EXCEPT PURSUANT TO 
A PRIVATE PLACEMENT EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF, 
AND OTHERWISE IN COMPLIANCE WITH, THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE LAW AND OTHER 
RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF JAPAN (EXCEPT FOR RE-TRANSFER OR 
RE- ASSIGNMENT TO ONE PERSON BY ONE TRANSACTION OF ALL SUCH INTEREST 
Coalidcanal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810463
--- PAGE 65 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-1 I 
PURCHASED BY SUCH PURCHASER). THE INTERESTS ARE BEING OFFERED TO A LIMITED 
NUMBER OF QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS (TEKIKAKU KIKAN TOSHIKA, AS 
DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE LAW OF JAPAN) AND/OR A SMALL NUMBER OF 
INVESTORS, IN ALL CASES UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES THAT WILL FALL WITHIN THE 
PRIVATE PLACEMENT EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE LAW AND OTHER RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF 
JAPAN. AS SUCH, THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE LAW OF JAPAN. THIS MEMORANDUM 
IS CONFIDENTIAL AND IS INTENDED SOLELY FOR THE USE OF ITS RECIPIENT. ANY 
DUPLICATION OR REDISTRIBUTION OF THIS MEMORANDUM IS PROHIBITED. THE 
RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM, BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY THEREOF, AGREES TO 
RETURN IT AND ALL RELATED DOCUMENTS TO THE PLACEMENT AGENT IF THE 
RECIPIENT ELECTS NOT TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY OR IF 
EARLIER REQUESTED BY THE PLACEMENT AGENT. 
THERE IS A RISK THAT THE CUSTOMER MAY LOSE THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT HE OR SHE 
WILL INVEST AS A RESULT OF FLUCTUATIONS IN THE NET ASSET VALUE OF INTERESTS 
IN THE PARTNERSHIP DUE TO CHANGES IN THE PRICES OF SECURITIES OR OTHER 
FINANCIAL PRODUCTS HELD BY THE PARTNERSHIP, CHANGES IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
RATES AND OTHER FACTORS, IF ANY. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF KOREA (SOUTH KOREA): NEITHER THE PARTNERSHIP NOR 
ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES IS MAKING ANY REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE 
ELIGIBILITY OF ANY RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM TO ACQUIRE INTERESTS IN 
THE PARTNERSHIP UNDER THE LAWS OF SOUTH KOREA, INCLUDING, BUT WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE TRANSACTION ACT AND REGULATIONS 
THEREUNDER. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT, AND UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES IS TO BE 
CONSTRUED AS, A PUBLIC OFFERING OF SECURITIES IN SOUTH KOREA. NEITHER THE 
PARTNERSHIP NOR ANY PLACEMENT AGENT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION WITH 
RESPECT TO THE ELIGIBILITY OF ANY RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM TO ACQUIRE 
THE INTEREST UNDER THE LAWS OF SOUTH KOREA, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
INDIRECT INVESTMENT ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS LAW, THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE ACT AND THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE TRANSACTION ACT AND REGULATIONS 
THEREUNDER. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE FINANCIAL 
SUPERVISORY COMMISSION OF KOREA (THE "FSC") FOR A PUBLIC OFFERING IN SOUTH 
KOREA UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT NOR HAVE THEY BEEN 
REGISTERED WITH THE FSC FOR DISTRIBUTION TO NON-QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN 
SOUTH KOREA UNDER THE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS 
ACT OF KOREA AND NONE OF THE INTERESTS MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED, 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR OFFERED OR SOLD TO ANY PERSON FOR RE-OFFERING 
OR RE-SALE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN SOUTH KOREA OR TO ANY RESIDENT OF 
SOUTH KOREA, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF 
SOUTH KOREA. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF KUWAIT: THIS MEMORANDUM AND ANY OTHER OFFERING 
MATERIALS, THE PARTNERSHIP AND INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR 
LICENSED BY THE MINISTRY OF COMMERCE AND INDUSTRY OF THE STATE OF KUWAIT. 
NOTHING HEREIN CONSTITUTES, NOR SHALL BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE, AN 
INVITATION OR AN OFFER TO SELL INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP IN KUWAIT NOR IS 
INTENDED TO LEAD TO THE CONCLUSION OF ANY CONTRACT OF WHATSOEVER 
oalidentual & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810464
--- PAGE 66 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-12 
NATURE WITHIN KUWAIT. INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP MAY ONLY BE MARKETED 
OR SOLD BY A KUWAITI SHAREHOLDING COMPANY WHICH IS PERMITTED TO INVEST 
MONIES FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ITSELF AND OF THIRD PARTIES AND WHICH HOLDS A 
SPECIFIC LICENSE RELATING TO THE MARKETING AND SALE OF THE INTERESTS ISSUED 
BY THE MINISTRY OF COMMERCE AND INDUSTRY UNDER LAW NO. 3111990 AND THE 
VARIOUS MINISTERIAL ORDERS ISSUED PURSUANT THERETO. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF LIECHTENSTEIN: NO ACTION HAS BEEN TAKEN BY THE 
PARTNERSHIP TO PERMIT AN OFFERING OF THE PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS TO THE 
PUBLIC IN LIECHTENSTEIN. NO PUBLIC OFFER OF THE INTERESTS OR PUBLIC 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS MEMORANDUM MAY BE MADE IN OR OUT OF LIECHTENSTEIN. 
THIS PARTNERSHIP IS NOT REGULATED IN LIECHTENSTEIN. IT IS NEITHER SUBJECT TO 
THE INVESTMENT UNDERTAKING ACT OR OF ANY OTHER LAW NOR TO ANY 
SUPERVISION OF THE LIECHTENSTEIN FINANCIAL SERVICES AUTHORITY. THE CONTENT 
OF THIS MEMORANDUM MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR USED FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE, 
NOR BE FURNISHED TO ANY OTHER PERSON OTHER THAN THOSE TO WHOM COPIES 
HAVE BEEN SENT. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF LUXEMBOURG: THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD IN THE GRAND-DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG EXCEPT FOR INTERESTS WHICH ARE 
OFFERED IN CIRCUMSTANCES THAT DO NOT REQUIRE THE APPROVAL OF A 
PROSPECTUS BY THE LUXEMBOURG FINANCIAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF JULY 10, 2005 ON PROSPECTUS FOR SECURITIES. THE 
PARTNERSHIP IS NOT REGISTERED AS A FOREIGN FUND WITH THE LUXEMBOURG 
REGULATORY AUTHORITIES. INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP ARE BEING OFFERED 
ONLY IN DENOMINATIONS PER UNIT OF AT LEAST f50,000. THE COMMISSION DE 
SURVEILLANCE DU SECTEUR FINANCIER OF LUXEMBOURG HAS NOT PASSED UPON THE 
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM OR OTHERWISE APPROVED OR 
AUTHORISED THE OFFERING OF INTERESTS TO INVESTORS RESIDENT IN LUXEMBOURG. 
THIS MEMORANDUM MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR USED FOR ANY PURPOSES OTHER 
THAN THIS PRIVATE PLACEMENT, NOR PROVIDED TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE 
RECIPIENT THEREOF. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MIDDLE EARTH: MALLATH U-THILIAR, RANDIRATH U-
VISTAR; BRUNATH VILL CJ-FIRIR, HELEG 0-VAB THYND AIND. NAUR O LITH LACHATHA, 
GAUL O DAE LABATHA; CRIST RIST PENIATHAR: PEN BEDH-Rt AD ARAN. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MONACO: THE INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO THE PUBLIC IN MONACO OTHER 
THAN BY A MONACO DULY AUTHORISED INTERMEDIARY ACTING AS A PROFESSIONAL 
INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR WHICH HAS SUCH KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN 
FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS MATTERS AS TO BE CAPABLE OF EVALUATING THE RISKS 
AND MERITS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIPS. 
CONSEQUENTLY, THIS MEMORANDUM MAY ONLY BE COMMUNICATED TO BANKS 
DULY LICENSED BY THE COMTE DES ETABLISSEMENTS DE CREDIT ET DES 
ENTREPRISES D'INVESTISSEMENT AND FULLY LICENSED PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT 
COMPANIES BY VIRTUE OF LAW N° 1.144 OF 26 JULY 1991 AND LAW 1.194 OF 9 JULY 1997 
DULY LICENSED BY THE COMMISSION DE CONTROLE DES ACTIVITES FINANCIERES. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF OMAN: THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE INTERESTS TO 
WHICH IT RELATES, MAY NOT BE ADVERTISED, MARKETED, DISTRIBUTED OR 
(onlidcntial & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810465
--- PAGE 67 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-I3 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC IN OMAN. IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE OFFERING OF THE INTERESTS, NO PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH 
OR APPROVED BY THE CENTRAL BANK, OF OMAN, THE OMAN MINISTRY OF COMMERCE 
AND INDUSTRY, THE OMAN CAPITAL MARKET AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER 
REGULATORY BODY IN THE SULTANATE OF OMAN. THE OFFERING AND SALE OF 
INTERESTS DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM WILL NOT TAKE PLACE INSIDE OMAN. 
INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP ARE BEING OFFERED ON A LIMITED PRIVATE BASIS, 
AND DO NOT CONSTITUTE MARKETING, OFFERING OR SALES TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC 
OF OMAN. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING SENT AT THE REQUEST OF THE INVESTOR IN OMAN AND 
SHOULD NOT BE DISTRIBUTED TO ANY PERSON IN OMAN OTHER THAN ITS INTENDED 
RECIPIENT WITHOUT THE PRIOR CONSENT OF THE CONSENT OF THE CAPITAL MARKET 
AUTHORITY AND THEN ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
SUCH CONSENT. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF QATAR: INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP HAVE NOT BEEN 
OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED, AND WILL NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED AT 
ANY TIME, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN THE STATE OF QATAR IN A MANNER THAT 
WOULD CONSTITUTE A PUBLIC OFFERING. THIS MEMORANDUM HAS NOT BEEN FILED 
WITH, APPROVED, REVIEWED OR REGISTERED WITH THE QATARI CENTRAL BANK OR 
ANY OTHER RELEVANT QATARI GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES OR SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A PUBLIC OFFER OF SECURITIES IN THE STATE 
OF QATAR UNDER QATARI LAW. THEREFORE, THIS MEMORANDUM IS STRICTLY 
PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL, AND IS BEING ISSUED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF 
SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS AND MAY NEITHER BE REPRODUCED, USED FOR ANY 
OTHER PURPOSES, NOR PROVIDED TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE INTENDED 
RECIPIENT HEREOF. ALL APPLICATIONS FOR INVESTMENT SHOULD BE RECEIVED, AND 
ANY ALLOTMENT MADE, FROM OUTSIDE QATAR. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF RUSSIA: THIS SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENT IS NOT 
REGISTERED WITH THE RUSSIAN REGULATOR (FEDERAL SERVICE FOR FINANCIAL 
MARKETS) AND INTENDED EXCLUSIVELY FOR THE QUALIFIED INVESTORS (AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 51.2 OF THE FEDERAL LAW NO. 39-FZ OF APRIL 22, 1996 (AS AMENDED), "ON 
THE SECURITIES MARKET" AND IN THE ORDER OF THE FEDERAL SERVICE ON 
FINANCIAL MARKETS NO. 08-I2/PZ-N OF MARCH 18, 2008). 
ACCORDINGLY, THE 
SECURITIES (FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS) CANNOT BE ADVERTISED OR OTHERWISE 
PUBLICLY MARKETED AND/OR OFFERED FOR SALE IN THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF SAUDI ARABIA: NEITHER THIS MEMORANDUM NOR THE 
INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP HAVE BEEN APPROVED, REVIEWED OR PASSED ON IN 
ANY WAY BY THE CAPITAL MARKET AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL 
AUTHORITY IN THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA "SAUDI ARABIA", NOR HAS THE 
PARTNERSHIP RECEIVED AUTHORIZATION OR LICENSING FROM THE CAPITAL MARKET 
AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY IN SAUDI ARABIA TO 
MARKET OR SELL INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP WITHIN SAUDI ARABIA. THE OFFER 
AND SALE OF THE INTERESTS WILL ONLY TAKE PLACE WITHIN SAUDI ARABIA IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CAPITAL MARKET LAW, INCLUDING THE OFFER OF 
SECURITIES REGULATIONS ISSUED THEREUNDER. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED TO 
INVESTORS IN SAUDI ARABIA PURSUANT TO AN "EXEMPT OFFER" AS DEFINED IN THE 
OFFER OF SECURITIES REGULATIONS. PRIOR TO ANY OFFER OF INTERESTS IN SAUDI 
Con lab:float & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810466
--- PAGE 68 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A•I4 
ARABIA, THE CAPITAL MARKET AUTHORITY WILL BE NOTIFIED OF THIS OFFERING IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE OFFER OF SECURITIES REGULATIONS. THIS MEMORANDUM 
DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AND MAY NOT BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF AN OFFER OR 
INVITATION. NO SERVICES RELATING TO INTERESTS IN THE PARTNERSHIP, INCLUDING 
THE RECEIPT OF APPLICATIONS AND THE ALLOTMENT OR REDEMPTION OF SUCH 
INTERESTS, MAY BE RENDERED BY THE PARTNERSHIP WITHIN SAUDI ARABIA. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF SINGAPORE: THIS MEMORANDUM HAS NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED AS A PROSPECTUS WITH THE MONETARY AUTHORITY OF SINGAPORE AND 
THIS OFFERING IS NOT REGULATED BY ANY FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY 
PURSUANT TO ANY LEGISLATION IN SINGAPORE. YOU SHOULD ACCORDINGLY 
CONSIDER CAREFULLY WHETHER THE INVESTMENT IS SUITABLE FOR YOU. 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR MATERIAL IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE OFFER OR SALE, OR INVITATION FOR SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE, OF INTERESTS 
MAY NOT BE CIRCULATED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY INTERESTS BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD, OR BE MADE THE SUBJECT OF AN INVITATION FOR SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE, 
WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO PERSONS IN SINGAPORE OTHER THAN 
INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4A OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT, CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE (THE "SFA"), ACCREDITED INVESTORS (AS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 4A OF THE SFA) OR ANY PERSON PURSUANT TO AN OFFER THAT IS 
MADE ON TERMS THAT INTERESTS ARE ACQUIRED AT A CONSIDERATION OF NOT LESS 
THAN S$200,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN A FOREIGN CURRENCY) FOR EACH 
TRANSACTION, WHETHER SUCH AMOUNT IS TO BE PAID FOR IN CASH OR BY EXCHANGE 
OF SECURITIES OR OTHER ASSETS, UNLESS OTHERWISE PERMITTED BY LAW. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS CONFIDENTIAL. IT IS ADDRESSED SOLELY TO AND IS FOR THE 
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE PERSON TO WHOM IT WAS GIVEN BY THE PARTNERSHIP OR ITS 
AFFILIATES. ANY OFFER OR INVITATION IN RESPECT OF INTERESTS IS CAPABLE OF 
ACCEPTANCE ONLY BY SUCH PERSON AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE. THIS 
MEMORANDUM MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED OR GIVEN TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN 
THE PERSON TO WHOM IT WAS GIVEN BY THE PARTNERSHIP OR ITS AFFILIATES AND 
SHOULD BE RETURNED IF SUCH PERSON DECIDES NOT TO PURCHASE ANY INTERESTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SHOULD NOT BE REPRODUCED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF SWEDEN: THE FUND IS NOT AUTHORISED UNDER THE 
SWEDISH UCITS FUNDS ACT (LAG (2004:46) OM VARDEPAPPERSFONDER) (THE "UCITS 
FUNDS ACT") OR THE SWEDISH ACT ON ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGERS 
(LAG (2013:561) OM FORVALTARE AV ALTERNATIVA INVESTERINGSFONDER) (THE 
"SAIFM ACT") AND IS NOT SUPERVISED BY THE SWEDISH FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY 
AUTHORITY (FINANSINSPEKTIONEN). THIS DOCUMENT HAS NOT BEEN, NOR WILL IT BE, 
REGISTERED WITH OR APPROVED BY THE SWEDISH FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY 
AUTHORITY UNDER THE UCITS FUNDS ACT, THE SAIFM ACT OR THE SWEDISH 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS TRADING ACT (LAG (1991:980) OM HANDEL MED 
FINANSIELLA INSTRUMENT) (THE "TRADING ACT'). ACCORDINGLY, THIS DOCUMENT 
MAY NOT BE MADE AVAILABLE, NOR MAY INTERESTS IN THE FUND BE MARKETED AND 
OFFERED FOR SALE IN SWEDEN, OTHER THAN UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH ARE 
DEEMED NOT TO REQUIRE A PROSPECTUS, UNDER THE TRADING ACT. NO SINGLE 
INVESTOR MAY INVEST AN AMOUNT LESS THAN €100,000. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT AS INVESTMENT, LEGAL 
OR TAX ADVICE. THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES 
Conlidcntial & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810467
--- PAGE 69 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-15 
ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE INVESTMENT ADVICE. A SWEDISH RECIPIENT OF THE 
MEMORANDUM MAY NOT IN ANY WAY FORWARD THE MEMORANDUM TO THE PUBLIC 
IN SWEDEN. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF SWITZERLAND: THE FUND HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY 
THE SWISS FINANCIAL MARKET SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY (FINMA) AS A FOREIGN 
COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEME PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 120 OF THE SWISS 
COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEMES ACT OF JUNE 23, 2006 (CISA). CONSEQUENTLY, 
INTERESTS IN THE FUND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN OR FROM SWITZERLAND TO 
NON-QUALIFIED INVESTORS WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE CISA OR OTHERWISE IN ANY 
MANNER THAT WOULD CONSTITUTE A PUBLIC OFFERING WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE 
SWISS CODE OF OBLIGATIONS (CO) AND WILL NOT BE LISTED ON THE SIX SWISS 
EXCHANGE (SIX) OR ON ANY OTHER STOCK EXCHANGE OR REGULATED TRADING 
FACILITY IN SWITZERLAND. 
THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN PREPARED WITHOUT REGARD TO THE DISCLOSURE 
STANDARDS FOR PROSPECTUSES UNDER THE CISA, ARTICLE 652A OR 1156 CO OR THE 
LISTING RULES OF SIX OR ANY OTHER EXCHANGE OR REGULATED TRADING FACILITY 
IN SWITZERLAND AND THEREFORE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A PROSPECTUS WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF THE CISA, ARTICLE 652A OR 1156 CO OR THE LISTING RULES OF SIX OR ANY 
OTHER EXCHANGE OR REGULATED TRADING FACILITY IN SWITZERLAND. THE 
INTERESTS MAY NOT BE PUBLICLY OFFERED (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN THE CO) IN 
SWITZERLAND AND MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED IN OR FROM SWITZERLAND TO 
QUALIFIED INVESTORS (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED BY THE CISA AND ITS 
IMPLEMENTING ORDINANCE). NEITHER THIS DOCUMENT NOR ANY OTHER OFFERING 
OR MARKETING MATERIAL RELATING TO THE FUND OR THE INTERESTS MAY BE 
DISTRIBUTED TO NON-QUALIFIED INVESTORS WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE CISA IN OR 
FROM SWITZERLAND OR MADE AVAILABLE IN SWITZERLAND IN ANY MANNER WHICH 
WOULD CONSTITUTE A PUBLIC OFFERING WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE CO AND ALL 
OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS IN SWITZERLAND. NEITHER THIS 
DOCUMENT NOR ANY OTHER OFFERING OR MARKETING MATERIAL RELATING TO THE 
FUND OR THE INTERESTS HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE FILED WITH, OR APPROVED BY, ANY 
SWISS REGULATORY AUTHORITY. THE INVESTOR PROTECTION AFFORDED TO 
INVESTORS OF INTERESTS IN COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEMES UNDER THE CISA 
DOES NOT EXTEND TO ACQUIRERS OF INTERESTS IN THE FUND. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF TAIWAN, THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("TAIWAN"): THE 
OFFER OF THE INTERESTS HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH THE 
FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY COMMISSION OF TAIWAN PURSUANT TO RELEVANT 
SECURITIES LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF TAIWAN. NO PERSON OR ENTITY IN TAIWAN 
HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO OFFER OR SELL THE INTERESTS IN TAIWAN. THE INTERESTS 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, DISTRIBUTED, SOLD OR RESOLD WITHIN TAIWAN THROUGH A 
PUBLIC OFFERING OR IN CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH CONSTITUTE AN OFFER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE LAW OF TAIWAN WITHOUT PRIOR 
APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY COMMISSION ("FSC") OF TAIWAN. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS WITHIN THE TERRITORY OF THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA ARE 
REQUIRED TO MEET CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THE RULES GOVERNING 
OFFSHORE FUNDS AND CONDITIONS PROMULGATED BY THE FSC. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE NETHERLANDS: THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE 
SOLICITED, ACQUIRED OR OFFERED IN OR FROM THE NETHERLANDS AND THIS 
(onlidanlal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810468
--- PAGE 70 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A•I6 
MEMORANDUM MAY NOT BE CIRCULATED IN THE NETHERLANDS TO ANY INDIVIDUAL 
OR LEGAL ENTITY AS PART OF THEIR INITIAL DISTRIBUTION OR ANYTIME THEREAFTER, 
OTHER THAN TO INDIVIDUALS OR LEGAL ENTITIES WHO OR THAT DEAL OR INVEST IN 
SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ASSETS IN THE COURSE OF THEIR OCCUPATION OR 
BUSINESS, INCLUDING BANKS, BROKERS, DEALERS, AND OTHER INSTITUTIONAL 
INVESTORS INVESTING IN SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ASSETS (HEREINAFTER 
REFERRED TO AS "PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS"). IN THE EVENT OF A SOLICITATION, 
ACQUISITION OR OFFERING MADE TO OR BY PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND, 
THEREFORE, EXEMPT FROM THE GENERAL PROHIBITION AS CONTAINED IN THE ACT ON 
THE 
SUPERVISION 
OF 
INVESTMENT 
INSTITUTIONS 
("WET 
TOEZICHT 
BELEGGINGSINSTELLINGEN"), NO SUBSEQUENT OFFERING OF THE INTERESTS IN A 
"SECONDARY OFFERING" BY SUCH PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS TO INDIVIDUALS OR 
ENTITIES OTHER THAN PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS MAY BE MADE. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (THE "UAE"): THE 
PARTNERSHIP WILL BE SOLD OUTSIDE THE UAE, IS NOT PART OF A PUBLIC OFFERING 
AND IS BEING OFFERED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS AND 
MUST NOT BE PROVIDED TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE ORIGINAL RECIPIENT AND 
MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR USED FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE. NEITHER THE 
PARTNERSHIP NOR THE INTERESTS HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR LICENSED BY THE UAE 
CENTRAL BANK 
OR 
ANY 
OTHER RELEVANT LICENSING 
AUTHORITIES 
OR 
GOVERNMENTAL AGENCIES IN THE UAE. THIS DOCUMENT IS STRICTLY PRIVATE AND 
CONFIDENTIAL AND HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED, DEPOSITED OR REGISTERED WITH ANY 
LICENSING AUTHORITY OR GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY IN THE UAE. THIS DOCUMENT 
DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AND MAY NOT BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF AN OFFER OR 
INVITATION. NO SERVICES RELATING TO INTEREST IN THE PARTNERSHIP MAY BE 
RENDERED WITHIN THE UAE BY THE PARTNERSHIP. THE PARTNERSHIP MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UAE. THE ENTITY 
CONDUCTING THE PLACEMENT IS NOT A LICENSED BROKER, DEALER OR INVESTMENT 
ADVISER UNDER THE LAWS APPLICABLE IN THE UAE, AND IT DOES NOT ADVISE 
INDIVIDUALS RESIDENT IN THE UAE AS TO THE APPROPRIATENESS OF INVESTING IN OR 
PURCHASING OR SELLING SECURITIES OR OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCTS. NOTHING 
CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM IS INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE UAE INVESTMENT, 
LEGAL, TAX, ACCOUNTING OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT WITH AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL FOR SPECIFIC 
ADVICE RENDERED ON THE BASIS OF THEIR SITUATION. 
NOTICE TO INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS AND HIGH NET WORTH COMPANIES OF 
THE UNITED KINGDOM: THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING MADE AVAILABLE ONLY TO 
PERSONS WHO ARE DEEMED SUFFICIENTLY EXPERT TO UNDERSTAND THE RISKS 
INVOLVED IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT IN THE PARTNERSHIP AND AS SUCH FALL 
WITHIN ARTICLES 19(5), 47(2), 48(2), 49(2), 50(1) OR 51 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND 
MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2001 OR OTHER RELEVANT 
EXEMPTION UNDER WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM MAY LAWFULLY BE COM MUNICATED 
AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION (TOGETHER "EXEMPTIONS"). 
THIS MEMORANDUM SHOULD ONLY BE CONSIDERED AS AN INVITATION OR 
INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO AN INVESTMENT ACTIVITY BY SUCH PERSONS TO WHOM 
SUCH AN INVITATION OR INDUCEMENT MAY LAWFULLY BE SENT UNDER AN 
EXEMPTION AND IT IS NOT INTENDED TO BE DISTRIBUTED OR PASSED FOR SUCH 
(onlidanlal & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810469
--- PAGE 71 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A•I7 
PURPOSE TO ANY OTHER PERSONS. IN THE CASE OF ANY PERSON NOT SO FALLING 
WITHIN THE SCOPE OF AN EXEMPTION, THIS MEMORANDUM SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS AN INVITATION OR INDUCEMENT TO ENGAGE IN INVESTMENT 
ACTIVITIES, AND ANY SUCH PERSON RECEIVING THIS DOCUMENT SHOULD RESPOND 
ONLY BY NOTIFYING THE GENERAL PARTNER THAT HE IS NOT WITHIN ANY EXEMPTION 
AND/OR BY RETURNING IT TO THE SENDER UNREAD AND, IN ANY EVENT, SHOULD NOT 
ENTER INTO AN INVESTMENT ACTIVITY AS A CONSEQUENCE OF IT. 
NOTICE TO CERTIFIED HIGH NET WORTH INDIVIDUALS AND CERTIFIED 
SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM: 
IN THIS PART OF THIS DOCUMENT: 
(a) WHENEVER A TERM APPEARS IN "ITALICS", IT HAS THE MEANING AND EFFECT 
GIVEN TO IT IN AND BY THE UNITED KINGDOM'S FINANCIAL SERVICES AND 
MARKETS ACT 2000 (FSMA); 
(b) WHENEVER A TERM APPEARS IN "BOLD ITALICS", IT HAS THE MEANING AND 
EFFECT GIVEN TO IT IN AND BY THE FSMA 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTIONS) 
ORDER; AND 
(c) WHENEVER A TERM APPEARS IN "BOLD ITALICS WITH UNDERLING", IT HAS 
THE MEANING AND EFFECT GIVEN TO IT IN ANY BY THE UNITED KINGDOM'S 
ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGERS REGULATIONS (THE 
REGULATIONS). 
THIS DOCUMENT IS, OR HAS THE POTENTIAL TO BE, A "FINANCIAL PROMOTION". 
OUR INTENTION IS TO COMMUNICATE THIS DOCUMENT IN A WAY THAT ENSURES THAT 
IT IS DIRECTED SOLELY AT, AND MADE ONLY TO, THOSE PERSONS THAT WE BELIEVE: 
(a) WILL RECEIVE IT IN THE UNITED KINGDOM; AND 
(b) ARE AT LEAST ONE OF THE FOLLOWING: 
i. 
AN "INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL"; OR 
ii. 
A "HIGH NET WORTH COMPANY, A HIGH NET WORTH UNINCORPORATED 
ASSOCIATION, A HIGH NET WORTH PARTNERSHIP, OR THE TRUSTEE OF A 
HIGH VALUE TRUST". 
ANY OTHER PERSON WHO RECEIVES A COPY OF THIS DOCUMENT SHOULD RETURN OR 
DESTROY IT. 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND MUST NOT 
BE SHARED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, WITH ANY OTHER PERSON, EXCEPT FOR THE 
PURPOSE OF TAKING PROFESSIONAL ADVICE IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTMENTS 
DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT. 
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT A "PROSPECTUS". IT HAS NOT THEREFORE BEEN: 
(a) PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF PART VII OF FSMA, 
AND THE HANDBOOK OF RULES AND GUIDANCE MAINTAINED BY THE UNITED 
KINGDOM'S FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY; AND/OR 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810470
--- PAGE 72 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A•IS 
(b) SUBMITTED TO, OR SHARED OR REGISTERED WITH, ANY FINANCIAL SERVICES 
REGULATOR OR SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY OF ANY KIND. 
CONSEQUENTLY, THE INTERESTS IN THE FUND DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM; AND NO 
APPLICATION CAN OR WILL BE MADE FOR INTERESTS IN THE FUND TO BE ADMITTED 
TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKET SITUATED OR OPERATING IN THE UNITED 
KINGDOM, OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY. 
I. 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS 
• 
THIS DOCUMENT IS DIRECTED AT PERSONS HAVING PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN 
MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS; AND ANY INVESTMENT OR "INVESTMENT 
ACTIVITY' TO WHICH IT RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO SUCH PERSONS, AND WILL 
BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH SUCH PERSONS; 
• 
PERSONS WHO DO NOT HAVE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING 
TO INVESTMENTS SHOULD NOT RELY ON THIS DOCUMENT; 
• 
THERE ARE IN PLACE PROPER SYSTEMS AND PROCEDURES TO PREVENT RECIPIENTS 
OTHER THAN 'INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS' ENGAGING IN THE "INVESTMENT 
ACTIVITY" TO WHICH THIS DOCUMENT RELATES WITH THE PERSON DIRECTING THE 
COMMUNICATION OF THIS DOCUMENT, A "CLOSE RELATIVE" OF HIS OR A MEMBER 
OF THE SAME "GROUP'. 
II. HIGH NET WORTH COMPANIES, HIGH NET WORTH UNINCORPORATED ASSOCIATIONS, 
HIGH NET WORTH PARTNERSHIPS, AND THE TRUSTEES OF HIGH VALUE TRUSTS 
• 
THIS DOCUMENT IS DIRECTED AT "HIGH NET WORTH COMPANIES, HIGH NET WORTH 
UNINCORPORATED ASSOCIATIONS, HIGH NET WORTH PARTNERSHIPS, AND THE 
TRUSTEES OF HIGH VALUE TRUSTS", AND THE "CONTROLLED INVESTMENTS' AND 
"CONTROLLED ACTIVITIES" TO WHICH IT RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO SUCH 
PERSONS; 
• 
PERSONS OF ANY OTHER DESCRIPTION SHOULD NOT ACT UPON THIS DOCUMENT; 
THERE ARE IN PLACE PROPER SYSTEMS AND PROCEDURES TO PREVENT RECIPIENTS 
OTHER THAN "HIGH NET WORTH COMPANIES, HIGH NET WORTH UNINCORPORATED 
ASSOCIATIONS, HIGH NET WORTH PARTNERSHIPS, AND THE TRUSTEES OF HIGH VALUE 
TRUSTS' ENGAGING IN THE "INVESTMENT ACTIVITY' TO WHICH THIS DOCUMENT 
RELATES WITH THE PERSON DIRECTING THE COMMUNICATION OF THIS DOCUMENT, A 
"CLOSE RELATIVE" OF HIS OR A MEMBER OF THE SAME "GROUP'. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SHOULD ONLY BE CONSIDERED AS AN INVITATION OR 
INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO AN INVESTMENT ACTIVITY BY SUCH PERSONS TO WHOM 
SUCH AN INVITATION OR INDUCEMENT MAY LAWFULLY BE SENT UNDER AN 
EXEMPTION AND IT IS NOT INTENDED TO BE DISTRIBUTED OR PASSED FOR SUCH 
Con dentual & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810471
--- PAGE 73 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
A-19 
PURPOSE TO ANY OTHER PERSONS. IN THE CASE OF ANY PERSON NOT SO FALLING 
WITHIN THE SCOPE OF AN EXEMPTION AS SET OUT IN THE FORM OF CONFIRMATION, 
THIS MEMORANDUM SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS AN INVITATION OR INDUCEMENT 
TO ENGAGE IN INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES, AND ANY SUCH PERSON RECEIVING THIS 
DOCUMENT SHOULD RESPOND ONLY BY NOTIFYING THE GENERAL PARTNER THAT HE 
IS NOT WITHIN ANY EXEMPTION AND/OR BY RETURNING IT TO THE SENDER UNREAD 
AND, IN ANY EVENT, SHOULD NOT ENTER INTO AN INVESTMENT ACTIVITY AS A 
CONSEQUENCE OF IT. 
Confidential & Trade Secret 
EFTA00810472
--- PAGE 74 ---
VALAR 
Private Placement Memorandum 
B-1 
APPENDIX B 
FUND COMPOSITION AND PERFORMANCE 
«intrap,» 
Date a4 1001 
lil. ~Or 
Perom el (096 
Curiumwrs 
Cmi 
Fair tereuer•• 
Gras 
Matige 
Net 
Menige' 
Gr 
110/` 
Capita Cmuniamaris 199.951.519 
%ne Lid 
Wel logkei 
06.10 
314% 
1.11.101501 
1121262323 
1A 
TrarederWrie lid 
Imide6 
bei-13 
2:22% 
n1.139195 
5252.71608 
11.1 
appra.L k 
St» hola 
Juld 2 
116% 
513.513.915 
511=6.067 
0.7 
Vod I. »wied 
Aaldrad 
Mar- PI 
t6% 
039306 
5/.32000 
0.9 
Item. Lid 116616 
St» hola 
Feb-13 
111% 
11.1.36392 
510709 
Ok 
Olb« lentommts•• 
Vrom 
5.5% 
55305176 
590200 
I./ 
Esiarkil Fte. red Enen» 
.1.9% 
FIND I TOTALS 
1060% 
995.106.667 
5111417.518 
4.3 
563% 
Dal 
(031 <gammelere. S102.21.070 
lIrrean Predens Ik' 
Morriretrk NVV 
5015 
419% 
525490.995 
542.21101 
1.7 
126 (Mei I 
Bed» 
Apr.15 
11.6% 
511.929.971 
519616.10E 
2.7 
K 0o Indam» lek Oh 1)91001 
1/07.16 
12.1% 
511.119.996 
516.40.628 
IJ 
I y rem Luwe! 
Bed» 
Apt.15 
101% 
510396300 
511.137.762 
IJ 
Gemok Ire 
EaricatoM Aar» 
412615 
6.1% 
560200 
56.712.163 
1.0 
I no Rolomble Ferm_ lere 
0.1.4641 
1.0-I6 
.1.1% 
51551000 
5155000 
IA 
I ra» ry; 1 kimt Ia (TraMll I 
Nor Yort 
Arm% 
3.6% 
5309111 
51.01163 
II 
»rem 1•9 
Sak Late Ok 
Mm-16 
17% 
12.719.998 
52.753468 
IA 
eliber 1 ninarnetits•• 
Viltig", 
12% 
5809346 
510.021254 
IJ 
Reten el ern Polln. AM- 
11% 
E 5001 nos and Experms 
10.0% 
FUND 21107.115 
610.0% 
9180112/ 
5139.511.141 
IJ 
27.9% 
Luw 
CarMil G:tombak/4 110102500 
Ceder iive Rekent. lae. 1560 
New York 
Aup-I6 
21.0% 
=1.109.661 
06.535.977 
2.1 
OcheieLerdeginc. 
Nor Yort 
014 7 
12.7% 
511120413 
513.491152 
1.0 
OlInear SA5.100» 
Pars 
Sep-l6 
SA% 
11115470 
510.596,219 
IJ 
kik Noirnol. Ia 
New Vod 
liiI-17 
/II% 
5803100 
0403900 
1.0 
126 embh 
Bet lin 
Sep-l7 
7.1% 
17351430 
17371376 
1.0 
Con AG 
6ttlin 
64.17 
6.0% 
56.0.425 
56.251.125 
1.0 
nam tensorannt• • 
'Geram 
13% 
52347111 
12361.073 
Ik 
Ren» o1 tor lentsumertn P ollotv-Om 
250% 
(311111001 Pttrs end Crigme0 
100% 
FUND 3 TOTALS 
14:04114 
557.515307 
594.716.220 
1.3 
1460% 
D11741. 
Pikker metenieJ ere unauleieJ mom, »twee- a USO ra «6102017. istlading rIped desk Pui me emeAM »Min in OS. 
• • As risd kreek lArtJ 
ritkin »all luMs and intmirmer varder trunsgAd by Iďalar Vrom» Maeormitati L I. C Dim le kt 6~0 
Vater Cd0111 had 2 LP. Air 
ktSrepre tesas. 
•• • 'Oker lon»temaii tere» te e» minaor mime Vshe's. initiál rag tm» 
163 ilun 52.5 »dimt 
•• • ••IYfValere <4 all bedingt n emennakd by 
Gmeral Pon« arxredmx 
US 6.1.A P ar» remrszere 
rib pak karexs. Es ried posnurris 
iturted el keu 
V3I1X. 
• raf t•S 21MPda mi welde Pre »04 er km »punter ml kek. ad mi 6040 ne ral:Jake by snlmen6 pm. asesimeFaCabyu Om 25% Gr 19»óeul nurupeet0 
otpitisa and C0 r4 
e01T1DENTIAL ANP 1RADE SWRET. NOT POR illt7REIIIORCALA1106. 
EFTA00810473

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810474.pdf
----------------------------------------
" 
-1
: 1 
.
.
:
.
Z
•
_
Z
-
•
-
'
t
r
a
i
t
- 
• -a
- 
"...II: ass.
:
.111 
• 
".111104
EFTA00810474
--- PAGE 2 ---
Valar Fund I / Performance 
Fund 1 Performance 
Inception: 
October 2010 
Capital Commitments: 
$100.0M 
Current FMV (including distributions made): 
$400.6M 
Multiple (Gross & Net): 
4.2x / 3.3x 
IRR (Gross & Net): 
35.4% / 29.1% 
% of Fund Invested / Reserved: 
100% 
DPI: 
1.6x 
Performance Drivers: 
Xero (95% exited), Transferwise 
This document is confidential, trade secret, and not for further circulation. This document is informational and is not an offer or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any securities. Except where otherwise indicated. "Fund I" refers to all funds and investment 
vehicles managed by Valar Ventures Management LLC, on an aggregate basis, prior to the formation of Valar Global Fund II LP, "Fund 2" refers to Valor Global Fund II LP and Valar Global Principals Fund II LP, on an aggregate basis, "Fund 3" refers to 
Valar Global Fund III LP and Valar Global Principals Fund III LP. on an aggregate basis. and "Fund 4" refers to Velar Global Fund IV LP and Valar Global Principals Fund IV LP, on an aggregate basis. Except where otherwise stated, figures presented herein 
are unaudited internal estimates in USD as of 10x312018. after giving effect to tam sheets for investments not yet closed. Gross figures arc based on invested capital only and do not include the impact of fees, expenses and carry, and net figures are calculated 
by reducing gross investment profits by a flat 25% for hypothetical management fees, expenses. and carry. 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810475
--- PAGE 3 ---
War Fund I 
• 
w 
*
'_
• 
TransferWise 
Replacing the Infrastructure for Cross-Border Money 
3- 
— 
Java 
Jakarta 
cluno 
Suraka, 
ihov; 
EFTA00810476
--- PAGE 4 ---
Valar Fund 1 /1),•!-10-! 
Transferwise Updates 
I 
Exceeded projections in Q3, adding 446k new users 
(+39% year-over-year) and processing £6.5B in 
transaction volume (+66% year-over-year). 
Monthly revenue passed £16M in October (more 
than $250M annualized), with EBITDA in Q3 
reaching 7% of gross revenues. 
Grown team to 1315 employees at the end of Q3 
2018, and added three new leased spaces allowing 
the team to scale to 1750 over the coming year. 
Rolling out debit card to EU businesses with 5,600 
cards issued so far. 
As Transferwise is profitable, no financing 
transactions are planned for 2018; Potential 
secondary round contemplated in mid-2019. 
Valar is the largest outside investor in Transferwise, 
retaining over 12% of the company following last 
year's partial sale. 
Bye bye bank fees, hello 
world 
Janos...1 m•la. peep. •Prea ..“ Ovid bran, to pet • ye* 
..cluiveest• end • but.. Ewa" t.n• 
S
lyii IP TreniAnWles see/ 
Over 4 ',Mae 
- titte happy offileomen 
Send meet 
iterohve 
1000 
4.1/10 To. B4 es•• 
Yew to.4d lave up te MOW* 
Stetetkil sp.. bp Oct IS 
_s USD 
- 
EUR 
Not all exchange rates are 
created equal. 
0•••• 
1.• 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$22.2M 
$253.6M 
11.4x 
$1.7B 
IA Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, IVP 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810477
--- PAGE 5 ---
Valar Fund I / Performance Driven 
Beautiful Accounting Software 
EFTA00810478
--- PAGE 6 ---
• 
Valar Fund 1 / Pcrformance Driver.
Xero Updates 
 In 2010, Xero became Valar's first investment, with a 
$3M check at a $100M valuation. 
 Today, Xero is a $4B company, publicly traded on 
the Australian Stock Exchange. 
 In 2017, Valar sold 95% of its holdings, distributed 
close to $100M in cash and stock to our investors. 
Valar Global Fund I still retains a small stake. 
 Xero now has over 1.5M customers in 180+ 
countries. 
 The company is profitable, with A$26.0 million in 
EBITDA in FY2018. 
 Revenue has grown from $6M annualized when 
Valar first invested in 2010 to over $600M 
annualized today. 
 Xero's continued success since our partial exit last 
year will impact our thinking about the timing for 
exiting our other winners in the future. 
Wire coming to a city near you 
Minos to free to meet the etre team sod IN: the 
'oleo updates. wishes IS °sumo!, 
A real-time view of your cash flow 
small Wiriness accesoning setwine that s onion. smut end ouanpully inatical 
play vide.) C .) 
Run your business on the go 
Get paid faster with online invoicing 
use ow mob,:{ app to reconcile. send invoices or 
create 0...trisection+. - learn ewshernie. 
Send online invoices to sour customers - and get 
updated when they're married 
Reconcile in seconds 
import and categorize your latest bank banns-wont 
ale are. Then click to reconcile. 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV (includes distributions): 
Gross Multiple: 
Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$31.4M 
$127.2M 
4.0x 
$3.9B today / $2.0B at time of Valar's major exit 
Accel, Matrix Capital, Fidelity, Blackstone, TCV 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810479
--- PAGE 7 ---
Valar Fund 2 / Pei for 
Fund 2 Performance 
Inception: 
January 2015 
Capital Commitments: 
$102.3M 
Current FMV: 
$243.9M 
Multiple (Gross & Net): 
2.7x / 2.1x 
IRR (Gross & Net): 
42.6% / 33.3% 
% of Fund Invested / Reserved: 
100% 
Performance Drivers: 
N26, Breather, Kalo, Even 
VALAR / 6 
EFTA00810480
--- PAGE 8 ---
Valar Fund 2 / Performance Drivers 
N26 
Mobile Banking Made Easy $ 
VALAR 
EFTA00810481
--- PAGE 9 ---
Valar Fund 2 / Pcrionnanec Dri 
N26 Updates 
 Exceeded projections in Q3, reaching £3.9M in 
monthly revenue in August. 
 Adding over 100k new customers per month, passing 
2.2M total customers. 
 Revenue per active user is growing faster than 
forecast, reaching £93 in September. 
 Successfully launched in the UK in October 2018. 
 US launch planned for March 2019, with 15 
employees already in place in New York City. 
 Continued rapid pace of new product launches and 
customer adoption — 150,000 "Spaces" already 
created since launch in July 2018. 
 Customers becoming more profitable — 55% margin 
for each active customer. 
 Series D financing planned for Q4 2018; following 
that round, Valar expects to still own approximately 
12% of the company. 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$25.7M 
$182.7M 
7.1x 
$1.5B 
Tencent, Allianz, Hedosophia, Greyhound 
VALAR / s 
EFTA00810482
--- PAGE 10 ---
Valar Fund 2 / 
MEr 
aD breather 
Bringing Flexibility to Commercial Real Estate 
EFTA00810483
--- PAGE 11 ---
breather 
Valar Fund 2 / Performance Driver:: 
Breather Updates 
 Revenue growing 70% YoY, with September seeing a 
new high of $2.6M. 
 Margin has improved significantly since the 
beginning of the year, a core focus of the company. 
 Continued move to multi-day and month+ bookings, 
which are the fastest growing segment of the 
business. Month+ grew from $91k in December 
2017 to $590k in September 2018. 
 Adding spaces between 2,000 and 10,000 square feet 
in target zones to take advantage of Month+ demand. 
 Team continues to grow, now at 119; projected to 
reach 145 by year end. 
 CEO transition to the Board; new CEO search 
making good progress. 
 $43M Series D financing completed in H1 2018; 
Company funded into 2020. 
How Breather works 
1. Eaa,ly re: wive 
ace 
2. Scrnia,e and secure access 
3. Take a tout 
As+ is moo urn epos' di pont., NM> furw..t flatus. 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$25.5M 
$42.3M 
1.7x 
$295.6M 
RRE, Menlo Ventures, Google Ventures, Temasek 
 Valar Fund 2 owns 14.3% of Breather. 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810484
--- PAGE 12 ---
Valar Fund 2! Pcfrormoncc 
kalo 
Work with Anyone, Anywhere 
EFTA00810485
--- PAGE 13 ---
kalo 
Ov•ev•r* 
SOitIPOSIS • 
Reiourca • 
0/140••••• 
Login 
R•aushi D•mo 
Valar Fund 2 / Pcr.aG rmance Drivers 
Kalo Updates 
Kalo's core focus is on adding freelancers to its 
platform. August and September were its strongest 
months yet, with 80k new freelancers onboarded. 
Monthly revenue hit $80k in September 2018, still 
small, but up 6X from the beginning of the year. 
Key logos closed in Q3 including Lululemon, Mic, 
Complex Magazine, ESPN and RGA. 
Pipeline of new strategic logos includes The New 
York Times, Walmart, Compass, Linkedln, Levi's 
Nike and TechCrunch. 
COO/CFO search underway, important to building 
out the team's operational capabilities. 
Kalo maintains significant cash reserves, with 
funding into 2020. 
 Valar Fund 2 owns approximately 24% of Kalo. 
Make working with 
freelancers a breeze. 
Ka;o s freelancer management piatform is trusted by Google. 
Airbnb. Expedia, IDEO and more to onboard freelancers in 
minutes. track their profiles and contracts. and get them paid 
on time.
Okra/Amain 0 
SURFACE
o gle 
%.' d
• 
IDEO 
airbre 
Cnail=ii• 
NM IN • 
FIF Expedia 
'pre-Kaha was a maze of multr.tablzedGooe* soremr:kzets. rims my, z 
one prase. Onboatd.ng takes minutes not days and our freelancers get pad on time' 
Lily Wan. Surface Magaxine 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$12.4M 
$16.5M 
1.3x 
$70.0M 
Kindred, Goldcrest, SciFi VC (Max Levchin) 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810486
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00810487
--- PAGE 15 ---
= Even 
The Even ago 
Offa Shen as a benefit 
COWn10210 t”e aap 
Valar Fund 2 / Peribrmance Driver,. 
Even Updates 
I 
Exceeded member growth and revenue plans, hitting 
$1.69M revenue in September 2018; On track to 
achieve $18M in revenues for full year 2018. 
I 
Served over 25,000 people and delivered over $200 
million in access to wages. 
I 
Grown team from 19 to 50 so far in 2018. 
I 
Set aggressive goals for the end of 2018 — to serve 
over 25% of Walmart's employees, add an additional 
40,000 members outside of Walmart, and onboard 
150,000 Even members to the Savings account 
platform. 
I 
Demonstrated a significant retention advantage 
between Walmart employees using Even and those 
that are not; Actual numbers are very impressive 
(although not yet publicly announced). 
 Valar is the second largest investor in Even, with a 
13.2% ownership stake in the company. 
psyched n 8 day• 
$28O 
?.) 
How busy people 
master their money 
Get pad on demand, budget instantly, and save 
automatically wrth Even. 
12.7k ratings 
12.6k ratings 
4.9 
AppSrore 
4.8 
► -"c"; 4%,..„ 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$5.4M 
$10.4M 
1.9x 
$99.3M 
Khosla Ventures, BoxGroup, Allen & Company 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810488
--- PAGE 16 ---
Valar Fund 3 / PCITOI 111:IIICC 
Fund 3 Performance 
Inception: 
July 2016 
Capital Commitments: 
$103.9M 
Current FMV: 
$176.8M 
Multiple (Gross & Net): 
2.1x / 1.7x 
IRR (Gross & Net): 
69.8% / 54.2% 
% of Fund Invested / Reserved: 
100% 
Performance Drivers: 
Stash, Qonto, Octane, Petal, Jetty 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810489
--- PAGE 17 ---
Valar Fund 3 / 
sTt 
Investing Made Simple 
VALAR / 
to 
EFTA00810490
--- PAGE 18 ---
STASH
Par• 
••••••••• 
8.1r•no 
Cnod 
Learn 
Si.opm 
for 
Valar Fund 3 / Pcriorm:Inec I )rivers 
Stash Updates 
 Continued rapid user growth, reaching 2.5M users 
and 1.5M funded accounts in September. CAC 
remains stable at < $20 per new user. 
Revenue has grown 5x YoY, exceeding forecasts 
with $3.8M in Q3. Revenue expected to hit $100M 
annualized by the end of next year. 
Gross margins (negative last year) are now positive 
and nearing 50%. 
I 
Accelerated pace of new product launches. 
Retirement and custodial accounts, as well as 
insurance referrals, all growing exponentially. Stash 
debit card, cash back and gifting launching in Q4. 
Over $2.5M has been pre-funded for the Stash Debit 
product, with 50k sign ups during a 3 week period. 
Series D financing expected in Q4 2018. 
Valar is the second largest investor in Stash, with a 
19% ownership stake in the company. 
Put your money where it matters 
Fro nroatco to V. *nom, 
g. tvc n W.Y raters )a you WO SLIM 
You can met in a Seam of sans a-ci LW. mai .s Grotty waled bir our 
•Iv•IbTOM Pt•• tasel On same ralo0.Itieng 
flak proles 
Erpbre an •••••••1••••• 
ren. LLC tr, in. el •• rve:,
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$29.6M 
$65.6M 
2.2x 
$347.5M 
USV, Coatue, Goodwater, Jim Breyer 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810491
--- PAGE 19 ---
Valar Fund 3 / 
Octane Lending 
Fast and Easy Lending 
for Powersports Dealers 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810492
--- PAGE 20 ---
Octane Lending 
Home 
Features 
Lenders 
About Us 
Login 
Sign Up Free 
Add Financing Link 
Valar Fund 3 / Per!hi-mance Drivers 
Octane Updates 
 Now servicing 857 active dealers across multiple 
verticals. 
 Reached $850k in monthly revenue in September 
($10M annualized); Expect revenue to pass $1M 
monthly before year end. 
 Hit $6.5M in originations in August 2018 (2.4x year-
over-year growth) 
 Targeting $150M in originations and $23M in 
revenue in 2019. 
 Strong hiring for the company's Direct-to-Consumer 
initiative, to be launched in 2019. 
 Valar Fund 3 is the largest shareholder in Octane, 
with a 16% ownership stake in the company. 
FINANCE MORE CUSTOMERS 
IN LESS TIME. 
Octane Lending provides fast and easy powersports lending for dealers. For free, 
LILARN MORt 
TRY IT IOII Mt 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$16.2M 
$20.3M 
1.2x 
$130.5M 
IA Ventures, Third Prime Capital, Contour 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810493
--- PAGE 21 ---
Valar Fund 3 / Performance Drivers 
Petal 
Credit Underwriting Without FICO 
ca\ 
\GIs:0
VALAR / 
EFTA00810494
--- PAGE 22 ---
Valar Fund 3 / ['orlon-Imre,' Drivers 
Petal Updates 
 Product went live in July with 5,000 cards issued to 
date. Forecast to issue 75,000 additional cards over 
the next 12 months. 
 Average spend per card per month so far is $650 per 
month, 10% above forecast. 
 Monthly revenue currently at $100k, expected to 10x 
in the next 6 months, reaching $2M by next summer. 
 Rapid rollout of product features in the near term, 
including cashback and card linked offers, split 
payments for large purchases, credit score in the app 
and companion savings accounts. 
 Team growing quickly, from 16 at the end of 2017, to 
today. Plan shows 67 further hires by June 2019. 
 In December 2017, Valar Fund 3 led Petal's Series A 
financing, acquiring a 20% stake in the company. 
Valar Fund 4 is now leading Petal's Series B round at 
a $100M pre-money valuation and will acquire an 
additional 14% of Petal. 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$28.6M 
$38.1M 
1.3x 
$125M 
Third Prime Capital, Brooklyn Bridge Ventures 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810495
--- PAGE 23 ---
War Fund 3 / 
Jetty 
Revolutionary Renters Insurance 
VALAR / 22 
EFTA00810496
--- PAGE 24 ---
Valar Fund 3 / l'cribrrimnrc Drivers 
Jetty Updates 
Between Q1 and Q2, policy sales increased by 31%, 
with the real estate partner channel growing 85%. 
I 
Launched 12 new partners including Related, 
Greystar and Tishman Speyer, with nearly 200k units 
signed. 
I 
Generated $275k in revenue in Q2 with close to 
$800k in gross premium sold in June 2018. 
The current product offering includes traditional 
renters insurance, security deposit coverage and a 
lease guarantee product; The company plans to roll 
out a pet insurance product next. 
Series B financing expected in Q4 2018. 
Valar Fund 3 owns 19% of Jetty and will look to 
increase its stake in the Series B round. 
Better, more 
affordable 
renters insurance 
from S5/mo. 
tt-
as 
111 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$8.1M 
$8.1M 
1.0x 
$42.5M 
Ribbit Capital, BoxGroup, SV Angel 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810497
--- PAGE 25 ---
Valar Fund 4/ Port 
Fund 4 Portfolio Update 
Inception: 
January 2018 
Capital Commitments: 
$133.4M 
Deployed Capital: 
$67.1M (all investments held at cost) 
Gross Multiple: 
1.0x 
% of Fund Invested / Reserved: 
75% 
Portfolio Companies: 
Petal, Coya, Bestow, Qonto, TaxFix, LoanStreet 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810498
--- PAGE 26 ---
Valar Fund 4 / 
qonto 
Business Banking Made Easy 
MAR / 
EFTA00810499
--- PAGE 27 ---
qonto 
On. .••••••• 
Valar Fund 4 / 
h,\ C St 
Qonto Updates 
I 
Product launched in July 2017 and customer base has 
grown to 22,500 business clients. 
I 
Reached $575k in revenue in August 2018. 
I 
Received European Passporting license in June 2018, 
allowing for expansion to 11 other European 
countries. 
I 
In the process of building and deploying their own 
payment infrastructure and core banking systems. 
 Valar led Qonto's Series B financing through Valar 
Fund 4 in September 2018. We also led the Seed and 
Series A rounds though Fund 3. 
I 
In aggregate, Valar funds own 25% of Qonto. 
Your finances on auto-pilot 
Saw time 
:a. 
Monitor your expenses, for free4ancers and teams 
Make accounting easier 
Checkout ow, Snit:Waft 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$27.0M 
Current FMV: 
$52.3M 
Gross Multiple: 
1.9x 
Current Company Valuation: 
El 55.0M 
Other Key Investors: 
Alven Capital 
I 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810500
--- PAGE 28 ---
Valor Fund 41 
CO :'A 
Digital, Flexible, Affordable Insurance 
EFTA00810501
--- PAGE 29 ---
Valar Fund 4 / •,,I 
I 
>1111C II IS 
Coya Updates 
 Insurance license issued in June 2018. 
 First products went live in Germany in September. 
 Initial renters policy can be obtained in less than 60 
second. Users receive a digital offer by simply 
entering their name, postal code and apartment size. 
 Plans to offer customizable products that adapt to 
clients' individual needs, including so-called "micro 
policies" that allow clients to insure individual 
objects for only a few days or even hours. 
 First corporate partnership also now live. B2B2C 
channel is attractive as Coya can innovate on the 
actual insurance product offered (as opposed to other 
"insuretechs" who are limited by the products their 
underlying license holder is willing to underwrite). 
 Valar led Coya's Seed financing round through Valar 
Fund 3 in 2017, and Valar Fund 4 led Coya's Series 
A financing in May 2018. In aggregate, Valar funds 
own 31% of Coya. 
A new view 
insurance. 
Digital. Fl 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$21.8M 
$26.0M 
1.2x 
€75M 
E.ventures, SCOR, Yabeo 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810502
--- PAGE 30 ---
Valar Fig. 4 
1/4nCi
4') bestow 
Life Insurance that is Fast, Easy and Affordable 
EFTA00810503
--- PAGE 31 ---
ValarFund4/CIr
\!..11,111,, 
Bestow Background 
I 
Bestow is a life insurance company that is expanding 
the market for term life insurance through 
technology. 
The company currently operates as an MGA and has 
secured agency licenses in 49 states. Bestow is in the 
process of becoming a fully licensed insurance 
carrier in Texas. 
By selling directly to consumers and removing blood 
draws from the underwriting process, Bestow is able 
to offer term life in much smaller and more 
affordable increments — to a wider population. 
The company has partnered with Sammons and 
Munich Re to underwrite its policies and to reinsure 
the risk. 
I 
In April, Valar led Bestow's Series A financing with 
an $11M investment at a $44M pre-money valuation. 
 Valar Fund 4 owns 20% of Bestow. 
S bestow 
Take our 3 minute 
assessment. 
T II 
tittle Neu. yourself. 
This hey we ton twee • perfect helot, Mal is 
&Pored la ,wan. yOur I arra,/ 
',III
A out 
ol So quenlearsItt 
r
Bask auntkffit about yo u• Inettelosna 
I 
health so we (err get the hest .at. lot you. 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$11.0M 
$11.0M 
1.Ox 
$55M 
NEA, 8VC, Morpheus Ventures 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810504
--- PAGE 32 ---
&MVO 
WWII/ 
err • 
_tad 
Valar Fund 4 / 
'monf 
amalgam.* 
taxfix 
Hassle-Free Tax Filing 
from Your Phone 
POWER 
OF PARKS 
• 
•• 
•••
• 
•• 
• 
- 
-.
•• 
-0 I. 
• 
•• 
• 
• I 
• 
• 
o 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
, •' 
1 
• 
• 
• 
•' 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• es* 
• * 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
IP • 
` 
• 
•• I 
•• 
• 
• 
0•1/) 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•
•
a
V
• 
• 
• 
• 
s 
• • 
• 
AN 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
" 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
, • • 
• 
• a 
I % 
• 
I
 • 
• 
• 
a 
• 
I 
a 
• a 
• a 
• 
• 
• 
0; 
• 
• 
% 
t 
• 
• 
a • 
• 
• 
• 
St‘‘ 
• 
I 
•• 
•• • 
• 
• 
• 
k 
.• 
• 
*lb.  
711,• 
• 
,,,, 
_ 
• 
• 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810505
--- PAGE 33 ---
CS 
Valar Fund 4 / Core In\ estinctit!,
Taxfix Background 
 Taxfix was founded in Berlin by Mathis Buechi and 
Lino Teuteberg, repeat entrepreneurs who previously 
founded Smallpdf, a SaaS business with over 15 
million customers. 
Taxfix asks users simple questions and optimizes 
their taxes intelligently - completing the whole 
process in 60 minutes or less. 
While it is not currently tax season, the company is 
experiencing 38% month-over-month revenue 
growth, with approximately 10,000 new installs per 
week. 
Taxfix is focused on preparing for the next tax year 
in Germany and taking steps towards expansion to 
Italy, France and the UK. 
In August, Valar led the Series A round for Taxfix, 
investing E6.6M at a €25M pre-money valuation. 
Valar Fund 4 owns 20% of Taxfix. 
taxfix 
The Tax App 
File your taxes on your mobile 
phone! Answer simple questions 
and receive 935 € tax return in 
average. 
d Appgrore 
Google Play 
Doing your taxes in 5 simple steps 
1st 
lent4 
No M1 ••••••••• 
WWI 
nee 
loam .11 set 
aa•I pas.. 
• nin. 
*W. 
dl
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$7.8M 
$7.5M (change due to FX) 
1.0x 
£33M 
Creandum, Redalpine Venture Partners 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810506
--- PAGE 34 ---
Valar Fund 4/ 
LOANSTREET 
A Marketplace for Commercial Loans 
A A A 
EFTA00810507
--- PAGE 35 ---
LOANSTREET 
Clients 
Services 
About Us 
Media 
Resources 
Careers 
Sly Up 
Login 
Valar Fund 4 / ( of 
LoanStreet Background 
 LoanStreet connects financial institutions to a 
network of lenders by standardizing and automating 
the complex process of loan syndication. 
LoanStreet's mission is to bring simplicity and 
innovation to all aspects of a lender's syndication 
program. 
LoanStreet's registered users and AUM are growing 
steadily month-over-month. Growth acceleration is 
expected starting in Q4 of this year. 
LoanStreet's long-term goal is to expand its platform 
beyond credit unions to regional and national banks, 
and ultimately to alternative lenders. 
 In June, Valar led the Series A round for LoanStreet, 
investing $5.2M at a pre-money valuation of 
$19.5M. 
Valar Fund 4 owns 20% of LoanStreet. 
• 
III 
• 
• 
• 
• 
.• 
• 
• 
... 
s 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
* 
• 
tot 
• 
• 
• 
SERVICES 
LoanStreet's products and services allow lenders of all sizes to originate, manage and trade 
loans on infinitely scalable infrastructure. 
PARTICIPATION & 
SYNDICATION 
REPORTING 
Il 
ANALYTICS 
ORIGINATION & 
ADMINISTRATION 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•
• 
re 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$5.2M 
$5.2M 
1.Ox 
$26M 
Third Prime Capital 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810508

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810509.pdf
----------------------------------------
STASH 
Velar Fund 3 / 
Put your money where it matters 
Stash Updates 
 Continued rapid user growth, reaching 2.5M users 
and I .5M funded accounts in September. CAC 
remains stable at < $20 per new user. 
Revenue has grown 5x YoY, exceeding forecasts 
with $3.8M in Q3. Revenue expected to hit $100M 
annualized by the end of next year. 
Gross margins (negative last year) are now positive 
and nearing 50%. 
Accelerated pace of new product launches. 
Retirement and custodial accounts, as well as 
insurance referrals, all growing exponentially. Stash 
debit card, cash back and gifting launching in Q4. 
Over $2.5M has been pre-funded for the Stash Debit 
product, with 50k sign ups during a 3 week period. 
Series D financing expected in Q4 2018. 
 Valar is the second largest investor in Stash, with a 
19% ownership stake in the company. 
0.
 neat n • rem 
Of egsO eV WOW cat" 
cuian b
tan *noose maw new. WS 
al 
el p goollisa 
feaP.MgetgillEtt 
Valar Cost Basis:
Current FMV: 
Gross Multiple: 
Current Company Valuation: 
Other Key Investors: 
$29.6M 
$65.6M 
2.2x 
$347.5M 
USV. Coatue. Goodwater. Jim Breyer 
VALAR / 
EFTA00810509

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810510.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
Summer 2017 Update 
EFTA00810510
--- PAGE 2 ---
VALAR SUMMER 2017 UPDATE 
Fund 1 Review 
FUND I PORTFOLIO UPDATE 
Fund 1 continues to perform well, with a 3.5x net multiple and 34.4% net IRR as of 
June 30, 2017. As is our practice, the best investments - Transfenvise and Xero -
account for over 50% of the Fund's deployed capital (and the lionshare of its gains). 
In the second half of 2016, we began selling down our position in Xero, and we 
accelerated that in 2017. While we continue to be bullish on Xero's prospects, our 
initial investment was made nearly seven years ago, and we felt it was time to start 
returning capital to ow investors. We have now exited over 90% of our position, 
with the only remaining piece being the final investment we made into the company 
in October 2013. 
Valar Fund 1 invested $31.4M in Xero. Gross distributions to date are $119M with 
a remaining stake of $5.5M. 
Transfenvise is now a $145M annual revenue business, with monthly volumes 
across the network in excess of $1.58, growing nearly 100% year over year, and 
profitable. They are set to be the global leader for consumer money transfer in the 
coming years. The company predicts they will hit >20% EBITDA margin in 2019, 
generating $80M+ in cash. 
Over the past 7 years, Transfenvise has built the infrastructure to solve money 
transfer for consumers. Now they are well positioned to use that infrastructure to 
address the same problem for businesses and banks across a $200B revenue market, 
essentially replacing the correspondent banking model. Larger customers, including 
some banks (such as N26), have started moving to that new infrastructure. So 
really, they are just getting started. 
The most recent financing news is that the company has accepted a Series E term 
sheet to raise $65M led by Institutional Venture Partners (IVP) at a $1.6 billion pre-
money valuation. The purpose of this fundraise is to bring the company's balance 
sheet to the level where they have enough cash to cover nine months of operating 
expenses. The total transaction size (including secondaries) may end up being quite 
a bit larger, as there is significant interest from many other large buyers. This 
transaction is expected to close within the next month. 
Valar Fund I has invested $22.2M in Transfenvise, which is now valued at 
$252.7M. 
Fund 1 Highlights 
Inception: 
October 2010 
Capital Commitments: 
$100.0M 
Current FMV: 
$411.8M 
Multiple (Gross & Net): 
4.33x / 3.36x 
IRR (Gross & Net): 
43.7% / 36.3% 
% of Fund Invested / Reserved: 
100% 
DPI: 
1.2x 
I I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810511
--- PAGE 3 ---
VALAR SUMMER 2017 UPDATE 
Fund 2 Review 
FUND 2 PORTFOLIO UPDATE 
Fund 2 is now approximately 90% called and deployed, with a significant majority 
of that amount invested in three companies - Breather, N26 and Kalo (formerly 
Lystable). An update on these major investments — and a few notes on some of the 
Fund's smaller investments - follows. 
In our last update, we announced that Breather had raised a Series C round led by 
Venky Ganesan of Menlo Ventures in November 2016. Google Ventures 
subsequently invested $5 million at the beginning of 2017 as part of an extension of 
that round, bringing the companies post-money valuation to $252M. In the 
following seven months (through June 2017), revenue has nearly doubled and they 
have opened 143 more spaces, bringing the total number of Breathers worldwide to 
433. Most of these new spaces were opened in their existing core cities of New 
York, San Francisco, London, Toronto and Los Angeles. 
Since reorienting around B4B (Breather for Business) and implementing 
commercial space utilization standards (starting Q1 2016), they have opened larger 
spaces that allow them to serve bigger groups and a broader range of use cases. This 
approach has more than doubled company-wide square footage since September of 
last year. In addition, since January 2017, user cohorts have had larger than ever 
initial reservations and consistent repurchase pattern. The initial transaction of a 
new customer is now $320 and second and third month cumulative spend levels are 
at record-highs. With both first booking value continuing to rise along with six 
month retention rates, projected LTV has continued to grow. Q1 LTV averaged 
$1,014 which was a 12% increase over Q4. 
While Breather has an extremely high NPS score (north of 70), which drives 
significant organic demand, its CEO felt that their brand marketing and demand 
generation capabilities needed upgrading. To address this, over the first six months 
of 2017 the company has revamped its marketing program and hired a new VP of 
Marketing to further build the demand side and amplify Breather's brand with both 
consumers and businesses. We expect the results of this initiative to dramatically 
decrease the time a new unit takes to ramp up to full utilization, even when the 
company is adding units at a high rate. 
Breather should continue to grow well through the Summer and be positioned for 
another strong fundraise in the Fall. Their Series D valuation will be above the point 
at which the main funds would participate (and Fund 2 is already at its 
concentration limit). We plan to make our pro-rata available to ow investors 
through an SPV, similar to those we have put together for Transferwise and Stash in 
the past. 
Valar Fund 2 has invested $25.5M in Breather, which is now valued at $42.3M. 
Fund 2 Highlights 
Inception: 
January 2015 
Capital Commitments: 
$102.3M 
Current FMV: 
$139.5M 
Multiple (Gross & Net): 
I.57x 11.34x 
IRR (Gross & Net): 
36.2% 127.9% 
% of Fund Invested / Reserved: 
100% 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810512
--- PAGE 4 ---
VALAR SUMMER 2017 UPDATE 
Fund 2 Review 
At the end of 2016, N26 received its full banking license from BaFin (the German 
banking regulator) and transitioned all of its customers off of their partner, 
Wirecard's, platform and onto their own. The focus since the start of 2017 has been 
on building out their internal systems and the customer-facing product suite, 
through internal development as well as through integrations with other startups 
(e.g., N26 customers make foreign currency transfers using Transferwise inside the 
N26 app). 
Offering its customers a wide range of financial products allows N26 to capture a 
greater share of wallet, and unit economics have improved rapidly as a result. In Q4 
2016, the company was earning approximately E29 per customer; that has risen to 
E50 per customer in May 2017, roughly the current level where a customer is 
profitable for N26. As the company scales, they will breakeven at a lower point by 
driving down variable costs (e.g., negotiating a better deal with MasterCard on 
interchange fees). N26 believes it can drive revenue per customer into the high E50s 
by the end of 2017, and projects monetization per user in the high €70s by the end 
of 2018. As a result of its rapid acquisition of customers, N26 has seen a revenue 
ramp of nearly 3X in the first six months of this year. We have seen breakout 
revenue acceleration like this before (with Transferwise) and believe N26 has 
similar potential to become a fintech giant. 
In addition to improving unit economics, N26 has been expanding its geographic 
reach. The company now has over 400,000 customers (-200,000 financially active) 
and operates in 17 EU countries with plans to expand into the UK in the near term. 
Planning is also underway for a potential US launch in 2018. While the UK and 
USA are competitive and enormous markets, we believe N26 is well positioned to 
compete in these markets; it has a huge head start on all the other European 
neobanks and offers a superior product experience and cost structure to incumbent 
banks in all geographies. 
Given N26's ambitions to grow quickly and expand into the UK and USA, we 
expect N26 will raise a Series C round in Q4 this year at a valuation that is above 
the level where it makes sense for Valar main funds to participate. Again, the plan 
is to make ow pro-rata available to our investors through an SPV. 
Including the most recent financing round, which has been agreed to and is 
expected to close later this quarter as soon as regulatory approval is received, Valar 
Fund 2 will have invested $ I 5.0M in N26, which will be valued at $40.6M. 
Between Funds 2 and 3, Valar will own approximately 16.3% of N26 and be the 
company's largest shareholder. 
Lystable formally changed its name to Kalo earlier this year. The rebranding takes 
care of a trademark dispute with a UK company and better aligns the company's 
brand and product. 
The big win for Kalo since our last update is that, after a year of Airbnb using Kalo 
across 10 of its teams, Kalo has secured a global deal to roll out its product to every 
team at Airbnb. This is particularly notable given that, while Airbnb has a large 
number of employees (around 3500), it has an even larger number of freelancers 
(approximately 4200). Moreover, Airbnb spends $15-25 million per year on 
freelancers who manage over 2500 tasks per month. 
Once Kalo has been fully rolled out across Airbnb, the only way someone can 
freelance with Airbnb is through Kalo, Kalo will be the system of record for all 
Airbnb freelancers and more than half of Airbnb's workforce will be reliant on the 
Kalo platform. In short, Kalo will be critical to Airbnb's day-to-day operations. 
This global deal is a big step forward for the company and Kalo has a substantial 
pipeline of smaller and larger size deals it hopes to close this year. 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810513
--- PAGE 5 ---
VALAR SUMMER 2017 UPDATE 
Fund 2 Review 
Granify has continued to solidify its enterprise sales team and revenue has started 
showing the results of the effort to improve their sales capability that began in late 
2016. Revenue in May was —$250k and the company feels they can double that by 
October. If they are able to hit their targets, Granify should be profitable by year-
end. 
Valar Fund 2 has invested $6.3M in Granify, which is being held at cost. 
EyeEm operates in a difficult and shrinking market for paid stock photography. The 
company has been unable to achieve sufficient scale in its own photo marketplace 
to warrant further investment in the business. The positive news is that the 
computer vision technology the team has built to automatically classify photos has 
been the subject of considerable interest from larger companies. EyeEm and its 
board have determined that a trade sale may be the best outcome at this point and 
that process is evolving. 
Valar Fund 2 has invested $10.4M in EyeEm which is now valued at 11.2M 
(change due to FX). 
Even is still heavily in product development — they are building a bank app for 
hourly workers that can use machine learning to automatically budget for its users 
and provide short term loans to smooth income. The company's first customer is 
Walmart, who pays them a fee per user per month. Even plans on rolling out with 
Walmart nationwide in the Fall. 
Valar Fund 2 has invested $4.5M in Even, which is being held at cost. 
Tradelt is in the process of signing Master Services Agreements with Fidelity and 
several other massive financial institutions. These deals would put Tradelt in the 
position of managing all API access for these clients. Once implemented, if a 
developer wants to build something on top of a Fidelity API, they will have to go 
through Tradelt to do it. This is a huge opportunity for the company. 
Valar Fund 2 has invested $3.7M in Tradelt, which is now valued at 4.6M. 
Since our last update, Homie has become licensed as both a mortgage broker and a 
real estate broker, in order to more fully facilitate its for-sale-by-owner customer 
wedge and begin to increase monetization. Now, whenever buyers and sellers use 
Homie's software to transact, they can seamlessly find a mortgage through the 
service as well. This provides a substantial revenue stream for the company. 
Revenues have begun ramping nicely, and the company should be well positioned 
to raise a sizeable Series A this Fall. 
Valar Fund 2 has invested $2.8M in Homie, which is being held at cost. 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810514
--- PAGE 6 ---
VALAR SUMMER 2017 UPDATE 
Fund 3 Review 
FUND 3 PORTFOLIO UPDATE 
Fund 3 is now 60% called and deployed into six major investments and a handful of 
smaller, seed stage companies. We expect that the substantial majority, if not all, of 
the remaining capital will be invested in follow-on financings in these existing 
portfolio companies. 
So far, Stash has commanded the largest share of Fund 3, with just over 20% of the 
Fund invested in the company's Series A, Series B, and Series C financings. 
The big news for Stash is they just raised S40M at a $200M pm-money valuation in 
a Series C funding led by Coatue Management, with participation from Valar, 
Goodwater and Jim Breyer. The company has now raised a total of $78 million in 
less than two years. Coatue has been following the company's progress for some 
time and wanted to be sure they would win the deal before it hit the open market. 
"Stash is disrupting the financial services industry by removing bathers and making 
investing more approachable and accessible to the 100 million-plus Americans on 
the sidelines," said Coatue's Founder and Portfolio Manager Philippe Laffont. "Its 
rapid growth in a short period of time shows that Stash has found a way to 
transform how Americans manage their money and gain financial independence.-
Stash has continued to grow extremely quickly. It currently serves over 865,000 
customers; adding more than 25,000 per week while keeping its blended CAC 
under $16. In our last update we shared the company's audacious goal of reaching 
1,000,000 users by the end of September 2017. We are pleased to report that the 
company is in fad ahead of schedule and should hit that figure six weeks early, 
around mid-August. We believe they are growing faster than any competitor while 
maintaining engagement metrics that are the best in the market. 
The following graph (excerpted from Stash's marketing materials) helps illustrate 
the company's traction vis-i-vis other well-known players in the space: 
Adoption Curve 
Speed of Erna/NA and a kite lAM hos sowed us to goh tro0NA 0NI0Ny. 
Omit 
App Downloads since twitch 
STASH 
robinhccd 
digit 
A Betterment 
Fund 3 Highlights 
Inception: 
July 2016 
Capital Commitments: 
$103.9M 
Current FMV: 
894.8M 
Multiple (Gross & Net): 
1.41x / 1.26x 
IRR (Gross & Net): 
208.5%/ 146.8% 
% of Fund Invested / Reserved: 
90% 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810515
--- PAGE 7 ---
VALAR SUMMER 2017 UPDATE 
Fund 3 Review 
Stash is planning on quickly rolling out new products to its customers. Stash Retire, 
which allows users to save and invest their money in an IRA, is already in beta and 
will be fully released this summer. And a checking account and debit card product 
are on the roadmap for the end of this year. 
In terms of customer growth and fundraising velocity, Stash is reminiscent of 
Transferwise and N26. We have high hopes that the opportunity in front of them is 
as big. 
Valar Fund 3 has invested approximately $21.8M in Stash, which is now valued at 
$46.6M. 
Octane Lending is the second largest position in Fund 3 at this point. Octane is a 
technology-enabled lender focused on secured consumer lending markets, 
beginning with powersports (motorcycles, ATVs, UTVs, etc). 
Octane initially launched as a marketplace for powersports loans, similar to what 
Dealertrack does for the automobile industry. Octane observed that there was 
limited competition to provide loans to buyers who had near-prime credit scores 
(550-650 FICO) and if they built their own underwriting model they could 
efficiently generate high volumes of attractive loans. Octane launched Roadrunner 
Financial in June 2016 to be a direct lender and has been ramping up origination 
volume over the last few months. 
We met the company through a referral from Wes Barton and Keith Hamlin of 
Third Prime Ventures, old friends of lames' from their days as lawyers at Skadden 
Arps. We immediately felt that Jason Guss, the CEO, is a special entrepreneur. 
Andrew affectionately refers to him as a "Terminator Robot sent from SkyNet." 
He is one of the most detail obsessed and knowledgeable entrepreneurs we have 
met in our career. 
Although Octane is currently exploiting a profitable niche within secured lending, 
we believe Jason can build the company into a diversified giant over the coming 
years. 
Octane Lending has raised -428M in equity capital from VCs, including $12.5M 
from Valar, and $95M in warehouse lines from Macquarie Group and other 
financial institutions. 
We are pleased to be working on Octane with Roger Ehrenberg from IA Ventures, 
who sits on the board of Octane as well as the Transferwise board with us. 
Valar Fund 3 has invested $13.2M in Octane Lending, which is now valued at 
13.5M (the change in valuation is due to the small amount of secondary shares we 
purchased from an early investor at a minor discount). 
One of Fund 3's first investments was a seed check into Qonto, an SME focused 
neobank based in Paris. The company was founded by Alexander Prot (whose 
father was formerly the Chairman of BNP Paribas) and Steve Anavi, repeat 
entrepreneurs and co-founders who grew up together and have previously exited a 
company together. 
They started Qonto out of the belief that banking for startups and small businesses 
in France is hopelessly broken. Dominated by Credit Agicole and BNP, the 
customer experience is even worse than with consumer banking. Every time they 
needed to ask for something from their bank, it was costing them a lot of money and 
was a slow and analog process. Qonto is conceptually similar to N26, but 
specifically geared to the needs of SMEs. 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810516
--- PAGE 8 ---
VALAR SUMMER 2017 UPDATE 
Fund 3 Review 
We believe the environment in Europe is quite good for new banks if they can get 
started quickly and build a head start on the competition. The regulators are in favor 
of increasing competition and will grant a de novo license. The local incumbents 
are large and unfocused, and a lack of competition over many decades has left them 
with a customer experience that is inefficient and expensive. 
We were impressed by the level of execution we saw from the Qonto team and led 
their Series A round in January. They launched to the public in June and the initial 
response is promising. 
Valar Fund 3 has invested $8.4M in Qonto, which is now valued at I0.6M 
Recent Insurance Investments 
"Formula for startup success: Find large highly fragmented industry with low NPS; 
vertically integrate a solution to simplify value product" - Keith Rabois (our good 
friend and a co-investor in Even). 
The insurance market is huge, insurance premiums are roughly $2.4 trillion dollars 
per year in the U.S. and Europe. However, it is still dominated by paper processes, 
structural inhibition to innovation and incentives to cut costs by downgrading the 
customer experience (for example, by making claims a hassle). Entrepreneurs that 
manage to navigate the massive regulatory complexity and build the skill set 
required to operate at a high level in the industry, combined with investors patient 
enough to support the companies over the long-haul, will create huge businesses. 
The insurance industry is too large and built on systems too archaic for any result 
other than massive change. 
We have been thinking about insurance and talking to entrepreneurs in the space for 
several years, without finding an investment that made it all the way through our 
process. As it happens, after years of turning down good opportunities, we found 
two compelling companies almost simultaneously, Jetty and Coya. In the business 
of insurance, the most difficult and valuable thing to achieve is effective 
distribution and customer acquisition. There are many paths to reach these goals, 
starting with the way the company is structured. 
Coya is based in Berlin. We met the company through an introduction from Max 
Levchin's firm, SciFi Ventures. SciFi was doing a deep dive on the insurance 
industry and wanted our help from our European network in reference checking the 
entrepreneurs. Andrew Shaw, the CEO, was previously the original data science 
employee at Kreditech, a well-known European consumer loan business. His 
partner, Peter Hagen, was previously the CEO of Vienna Insurance Group. 
Together they have the magic fintech combo of one person who can write beautiful 
code and the other person who deeply understands how this complex industry 
actually functions. Andrew and Peter decided that in the German market, there is an 
opportunity to capture more value by becoming a fully licensed new carrier. Once 
licensed, Coya will build, sell, and service several insurance products, beginning 
with rental P&C policies and expanding to various specialty add-ons (e.g., bicycles, 
jewelry). They will operate in-house a number of departments: product 
development, underwriting, sales, marketing, claims, and finance/investment. They 
should have structurally higher margins through cutting out most traditional brokers 
from their distribution funnel and applying the sophisticated analysis learned at 
Kreditech to their own underwriting models. The license is issued by BaFin, the 
same German regulator that granted N26 its banking license. BaFin's familiarity 
with Valar was a significant advantage in our winning the Series A lead. 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810517
--- PAGE 9 ---
VALAR SUMMER 2017 UPDATE 
Fund 3 Review 
Jetty is based in New York City, and we met the entrepreneurs through 
introductions from our friends at SV Angel and BoxGroup. Mike Rudoy and Luke 
Cohler have had careers in technology and consulting and saw an opportunity to 
apply their backgrounds in design and marketing to the P&C market in the United 
States. The company is set up as a Managing General Agency or MGA. An MGA is 
an insurance business set up through a fronting program with another carrier that 
lends its license and regulatory reserves to the MGA for a fee. Jetty has complete 
responsibility for product design and pricing, similar to a full carrier. The company 
underwrites, quotes, binds, and services policies up to a specific amount. Jetty's 
launch suite includes two traditional insurance products, Renters & Condo/Co-op, 
as well as Jetty Passport, a pair of revolutionary renter services that help tenants get 
in the door and help landlords drive occupancy. Jetty Passport is a pair of credit-
based-underwriting surety bonds which replace traditional security deposits and 
lease guaranty, indemnifying the landlord and preserving Jetty's right to recover. 
They have negotiated distribution agreements with several large residential property 
portfolios owned by Blackrock. 
Both Jetty and Coya are in the very earliest stages, so there aren't a lot of metrics to 
evaluate yet. They are innovating on the sales channel for distributing insurance 
products first, by utilizing mobile and point of sale channels (instead of through 
agents in-person or over the phone) as well as offering shorter duration and more 
granular products (e.g., Jetty Passport). Over time they can collect far more data on 
their customers and utilize big data and machine learning techniques to improve 
underwriting models far above what incumbents are able to. We're excited to work 
with these teams as they transform the insurance business. 
Velar Fund 3 has invested SRAM in Jetty and $6.3M in Coya, both of which are 
being held at cost. 
This document is confidential, trade secret, and not for further circulation. This document is informational and is not an offer or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any securities. Except where otherwise indicated, 
"Fund I" refers to all funds and investment vehicles managed by Valar Ventures Management LLC prior to the formation of Valar Global Fund II LP, on an aggregate basis, "Fund 2" refers to Valar Global Fund II 
LP and Velar Global Principals Fund II LP, on an aggregate basis, and "Fund 3" refers to Velar Global Fund III LP and Valar Global Principals Fund Ill LP, on an aggregate basis. Figures presented are unaudited 
estimates in USD as of 68012017, including signed deals that are expected to close in Q3. Gross figures do not include the impact of fees, expenses and carry, and net figures are calculated by reducing gross 
investment profits by a flat 25% for hypothetical management fees, expenses, and carry. 
S I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810518
--- PAGE 10 ---
VALAR SUMMER 2017 UPDATE 
Fund 4 Preview 
FUND 4 FUNDRAISING 
As Fund 3 is largely invested and reserved for, we are formally entering the market 
for Valar Fund 4. We are currently preparing the marketing materials, data room 
and legal documents (pitch deck, PPM, LPA, DDQ, etc.) and will be making those 
documents available over the next month. Our intention is to have conversations 
with each of you starting after Labor Day and close on our existing investor& 
commitments in December of this year. Consistent with our past practice, the 
official time stamp for the new fund will be in January, making Fund 4 a vintage 
2018 fund. Our expectation is that the Fund will be between $100M and $150M in 
capital commitments. 
We appreciate your continuing support and partnership in Valar. We hope you all 
have an enjoyable summer and we look forward to speaking with each of you in the 
coming weeks and months. 
Fund 4 Terms: 
Target Capital Commitments: 
$100M - $150MM 
Anticipated Deployment Period: 
2018 - 2020 
Target Fund Return: 
4x - 6x 
Due Date for Signed Sub Does: 
December 2017 
Anticipated Closing: 
January 2018 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810519
--- PAGE 11 ---
VALAR FALL 2016 UPDATE 
Fund 1 Key Drivers 
'l TransferWise 
Headquarters: 
Securities Held: 
Initial Investment Date: 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Multiple: 
Headquarters: 
Security Held: 
London 
Series A Preferred Shares 
Series B Preferred Shares 
Series C Preferred Shares 
1/8/2013 
$22.2M 
$252.7M 
11.4x 
Wellington 
Ordinary Shares 
Initial Investment Date: 10/28/2010 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
$31.4M 
$124.3M 
Multiple: 
4.0x 
Company Description: 
TransferWise is a peer-to-peer currency exchange service that brings institutional pricing to 
retail customers by coordinating transfer needs within countries across a large user base. 
Recent Financing History: 
TransferWise recently signed a term sheet for a $65M Series E financing round led by 
Institutional Ventures Partners (IVP). Previously, the company closed on a $58M Series C 
financing round led by Andreessen Horowitz in December 2014, and a $26M Series D 
financing round led by Baillie Gifford in February 2016. 
Company Description: 
Xero is the leading cloud-based accounting software provider globally for SMBs. 
Recent Financing History: 
Fund 1 initially invested in Xero in October 2010 at a $98M valuation, with significant 
follow-on investments by the Fund in February 2012, November 2012 and October 2013. 
Over the past year, Fund I exited over 90% of its position at a blended $2B valuation for 
aggregate proceeds of $118.8M, including through a $30 million block trade with 
Technology Crossover Ventures (TCV). 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810520
--- PAGE 12 ---
VALAR FALL 2016 UPDATE 
Fund 2 Core Investments 
® breather 
Headquarters: 
Securities Held: 
Initial Investment Date: 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Valar Current FMV: 
Multiple: 
N26 
Headquarters: 
Securities Held: 
Initial Investment Date: 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Valar Current FMV: 
Multiple: 
Montreal and New York 
Series B Preferred Shares 
Series C Preferred Shares 
9/10/2015 
$25.5M 
$42.3M 
1.7x 
Berlin 
Preferred A Shares 
Preferred B Shares 
4/24/2015 
$14.9M 
$40.6M 
2.7x 
Company Description: 
Breather provides a network of private, professional meeting rooms designed for work, 
meetings and to focus. 
Recent Financing History: 
Breather completed a $42M Series C financing in October 2016 at a $210M pre-money 
valuation led by Menlo Ventures, with participation from Google Ventures, Valar, RRE, 
Real Ventures, Slow Ventures and others. Prior to that, Valar led the company's Series B 
financing round, investing a total of $17M in two tranches that closed in September 2015 
and April 2016 at a pre-money valuation of $80M. 
Company Description: 
N26is a new European bank focused on building an innovative mobile-first banking 
experience. 
Recent Financing History: 
Currently, N26 has agreed to a E 15M Series B extension round at a E250M pre-money 
valuation led by Valar Ventures and Hedosophia. In June 2016, N26 completed a €35M 
Series B financing at a €120M pre-money valuation, led by Horizons Ventures, with 
participation from Valar, Earlybird and others. Previously, Valar led the company's Series 
A financing in April 2015 at a E38M pregnancy valuation. 
II I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810521
--- PAGE 13 ---
VALAR FALL 2016 UPDATE 
Fund 2 Core Investments 
kalo 
Headquarters: 
Security Held: 
Initial Investment Date: 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Nlultiple: 
EyeEm 
Headquarters: 
Securities Held: 
London and San Francisco 
Series A Preferred Stock 
5/6/2015 
$12.4M 
$16.5M 
1.3x 
Berlin 
Series B Preferred Shares 
Convertible Notes 
Initial Investment Date: 4/14/2015 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Multiple: 
$10.4M 
$11.1M (change due to FX) 
1.1x 
Company Description: 
Businesses increasingly rely on external workforces of freelancers and contractors, often 
without an effective way to keep track of them. Kalo (formerly Lystable) provides an 
elegant platform to simplify every step of these workers — from onboarding to internal 
reviews to payment. 
Recent Financing History: 
In March 2017, Kalo closed on a $10 million Series A extension round led by Valar 
Ventures, with participation from Goldcrest Investments, Kindred, Max Levchin and others. 
Kalo had previously closed on an $1 I.3M Series A financing round in June 2016 also led by 
Valar. The convertible notes held by Fund 2 from Kalo's prior seed financing rounds were 
convened into Series A Preferred Shares in the round, at a blended 2.3x multiple. 
Company Description: 
EyeEm is a marketplace for commercial photography. The company's highly engaged user 
base and machine-curated image library provide a more valuable sourcing channel for 
commercial clients than traditional stock photography databases. 
Recent Financing History: 
In April 2015, EyeEm closed on an El IM Series B round led by Valar Ventures, alongside 
Earlybird and Wellington Partners, among others. Existing investors have since collectively 
added E5.9M in bridge financing rounds. 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810522
--- PAGE 14 ---
VALAR FALL 2016 UPDATE 
Fund 2 Core Investments 
Even 
Headquarters: 
Oakland 
Security Held: 
Series A Preferred Stock 
Investment Date: 
3/11/2016 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$4.5M 
Current FMV: 
$4.5M 
Nlultiple: 
1.0x 
granify 
Headquarters: 
Edmonton 
Security Held: 
Series A Preferred Shares 
Convertible Note 
Investment Date: 
3/2/2015 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$6.3M 
Current FMV: 
$6.3M 
Multiple: 
1.0x 
Company Description: 
Even is a financial app that ensures hourly workers always get at least their average pay. By 
offering consistency, Even helps its customers save more and use expensive payday lenders 
less. 
Recent Financing History: 
In March 2016, Even closed on a $9M Series A financing round, led by Valar Ventures, 
with participation from Khosla Ventures, Box Group, Allen & Company and others. 
Company Description: 
Granify maximizes revenue for online retailers by identifying shoppers that aren't going to 
buy and changing their mind — while they're still on the site — by harnessing the power of 
real-time data analytics and machine learning. 
Recent Financing History: 
Granify closed on a $7M Series A financing round in March 2015 led by Valar Ventures. 
The convertible notes held by Valar Ventures prior to the Series A financing were convened 
into Series A Preferred Shares in the round, at a 3.7x multiple. Existing investors have since 
added $800k in bridge financing to the company. 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810523
--- PAGE 15 ---
VALAR FALL 2016 UPDATE 
Fund 2 Core Investments 
TRADEITIN 
Headquarters: 
Security Held: 
Initial Investment Date: 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Multiple: 
homie 
Headquarters: 
Security Held: 
Initial Investment Date: 
New York 
Common Stock 
Series Seed Preferred Stock 
4/2/2015 
$3.7M 
$4.6M 
1.2x 
Salt Lake City 
Series Seed Preferred Stock 
Convertible Note 
3/17/2016 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$2.8M 
Current FMV: 
$2.8M 
Multiple: 
1.0x 
Company Description: 
Trading Ticket (dba Tradelt) facilitates quick and secure online stock trading through 
any website or app. 
Recent Financing History: 
After participating in Tradelt's $1M pre-seed round in 2015, Valar has led two Series Seed 
rounds totaling $7M, with participation from Citi Ventures, Sandy Robertson, Point72 and 
others. 
Company Description: 
Homie is a peer-to-peer marketplace for buying and selling homes. By leveraging 
technology and taking the transaction process online, Homie saves buyers and sellers 
thousands in broker commissions. 
Recent Financing History: 
Valar led Homie's $3.8M Series Seed round in March 2016, with participation from Peak 
Ventures and others. Most recently, Valar participated in a $3M convertible note round in 
March 2017. 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810524
--- PAGE 16 ---
VALAR FALL 2016 UPDATE 
Fund 3 Core Investments 
STASH 
Headquarters: 
Securities Held: 
Initial Investment Date: 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Multiple: 
New York 
Series A Preferred Shares 
Series B Preferred Shares 
Series C Preferred Shares 
8/5/2016 
$21.8M 
$46.6M 
2.1x 
Octane Lending 
Headquarters: 
Security Held: 
Initial Investment Date: 
Valar Cost Basis: 
Current FMV: 
Multiple: 
New York 
Series A Preferred Stock 
4/7/17 
$13.2M 
$13.5M 
1.0x 
Company Description: 
Stash is a community for people who want to start investing and who don't want to rely on a 
black box service to do it for them. It's a platform to help people take ownership and 
become confident investors. Starting with as little as $5, Stash investors build a portfolio of 
investments that aligns with their interests, beliefs and goals. 
Recent Financing History: 
Stash recently closed on a $40M Series C financing, at a $200M pre-money valuation, led 
by Coatue Management, with participation by Valar Ventures, Goodwater Capital, Jim 
Breyer and others. Valar also led Stash's $25M Series B Preferred financing round in 
November 2016, and co-led the company's $9M Series A Preferred financing round in 
August 2016. 
Company Description: 
Octane Lending is a technology-enabled lender focused on secured consumer lending 
markets starting with powersports. 
Recent Financing History: 
In April 2017, Valar led a $15M Series A extension round with participation from several 
existing investors, including IA Ventures, Contour and Third Prime. 
IS I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810525
--- PAGE 17 ---
VALAR FALL 2016 UPDATE 
Fund 3 Core Investments 
X qonto 
Headquarters: 
Paris 
Company Description: 
Security Held: 
Series Seed Ordinary Shares 
Qonto aims to become the next generation bank for entrepreneurs, SMEs and startups by 
Series A Ordinary Shares 
providing an online service that will allow them to create an account in less than five 
Initial Investment Date: 9/30/2016 
minutes. 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$8.4M 
Recent Financing History: 
Current FMV: 
$10.6M 
in March 2017, Valar led Qonto's E10M Series A financing with participation from Alven 
Multiple: 
1.3x 
Capital, after Valar co-led the Series Seed round with Alven Capital in September 2016. 
Jetty 
Headquarters: 
New York 
Securities Held: 
Series A Preferred Stock 
Initial Investment Date: 7/17/17 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$8.1M 
Current FMV: 
$8.1M 
Multiple: 
1.0x 
Company Description: 
Jetty is a new kind of insurance company designed to help people in cities reach their goals 
faster by removing obstacles and risks. Its mission is to protect its customers against 
setbacks of all kinds, from fire and theft to wasted time and money. 
Recent Financing History: 
In July 2017, Valar Ventures led Jetty's $11.5M Series A financing, with participation from 
Ribbit Capital, BoxGroup, SV Angel and others. 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810526
--- PAGE 18 ---
VALAR FALL 2016 UPDATE 
Fund 3 Core Investments 
COYA 
Headquarters: 
Berlin 
Security Held: 
Series A Preferred Shares 
Investment Date: 
July 2017 
Valar Cost Basis: 
$6.3M 
Current FMV: 
$6.3M 
Nlultiple: 
1.0x 
Company Description: 
The insurance industry is broken with its legacy infrastructure, organizational design and 
products built for brokers rather than around the customer. Coya is a fiillstack European 
insurance challenger that has redesigned the insurance value chain working backwards from 
the customer to offer scalable protection at the point of need with personalized predictive 
risk management and simple, transparent, personal insurance designed to manage life's risks 
and join the customer's journey. 
Recent Financing History: 
Valar Ventures led Coya's €7.25M Series A financing in July 2017, with participation from 
Ribbit, E.ventures and others. 
I CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 
VALAR 
EFTA00810527
--- PAGE 19 ---
Interview with Brandon Krieg. founder of Stash app that lets you invest in the stock market for $5 - Business Insider 
BUSINESS 
INSIDER 
Stash, now valued at $240 million, lets 
anyone start investing in the stock market 
with just $5 
AVERY HARTMANS 
JUL. 13, 2017, 2:35 PM 
Brandon Krieg spent more than 15 years working as 
a trader on Wall Street. But he left his career for the 
startup world after being asked a simple question 
from a financially savvy friend: "Where should I put 
my money?" 
Krieg and his coworker, Ed Robinson, had 
something of an "aha moment." 
"We said, 'If that's happening with a person who 
knows about this stuff, what is everybody else going 
through?'" Krieg told Business Insider. 
Krieg and Robinson started asking around, gauging 
how people were saving their money. But the 
answer to the question "Do you invest?" was always 
a "no," with the reason being that people just didn't 
know how or they thought it was something only 
rich people could do. 
Krieg and Robinson realized then that they had an 
opportunity to help. 
Brandon Krieg, cofounder and CEO of Stash. 
SfUSII 
They founded Stash, an app that lets you build a portfolio and start investing with only $5, plus it teaches you the 
ins and outs of the stock market. 
The company launched in October 2015 and just closed on a $40 million Series C led by Coatue Management. 
That brings Stash's total funding to $78 million and values the New York-based startup at $240 million, 
according to a person familiar with the company. 
Stash makes money by charging a subscription fee of $1 per month for accounts with less than $5,000. When an 
account has more than $5,000, Stash charges a fee of 0.25% fee. 
And the company is growing quickly: Stash now has about 850,000 customers nationwide. 
So how does it work? 
Krieg and Robinson knew that in order for Stash to catch on, they'd need to make the barrier of entry low — very 
low. Getting started with Stash requires only $5 and about five minutes to set up an account. 
hfip://www.businessinsider.com/stash-brandon-krieg-interview-investing-stock-market-2017-7 
EFTA00810528
--- PAGE 20 ---
7/1812017 
Interview with Brandon Krieg. founder of Stash app that lets you invest in the stock market for SS - Business Insider 
Invest in your beliefs 
Clean & Green 
Make your money even greener. 
Invest in the power of clean energy 
sources like solar and wind. 
Defending America 
Aerospace and defense companies 
that provide the weapons our 
troops need to fend off threats... 
"The biggest problem I see right now is people doing nothing," Krieg said. 
"People just want the chance 
to start," Krieg said. "Our 
customers are typically 
starting with around $20 to 
$40, and they're turning on 
our feature called Autostash, 
which helps them invest either 
weekly or biweekly." 
Once you get started with 
Stash, the app evaluates how 
much risk you should be 
taking based on factors like 
your income and your assets. 
Then, it recommends 
investments based on what 
you've told the app about your 
finances. 
You can also choose between a 
handful of packages based on 
what you're passionate about, 
like companies that supply parts to the military (Boeing, Lockheed Martin), companies that champion LGBTQ 
rights (Twitter, Gap, Time), or clean-energy companies (First Solar, Vestas Wind Systems). 
There's also an education component of the app, which Stash hopes to expand with its latest round of funding. 
The "Learn" tab will teach you things like the difference between index funds and mutual funds, or provide a 
glossary of investing terms. 
"People just need to understand that this stuff isn't that hard to understand," Krieg said. "We make it 
relatable and understandable." 
"There's this misconception, we believe, that because people don't understand it and never learned it that they're 
never going to learn it," Krieg said. "But we think that everybody should have an opportunity to start putting 
money away when they're young." 
Krieg said Stash's average customer is around the age of 29 and make about $45,000 per year, typically someone 
who's "hitting those critical life points" like starting a family or buying a house. 
While 29 falls firmly in the millennial generation — which is often critiqued for being bad at saving and investing 
— Krieg says the app is proof millennials do care, and that they shouldn't get all the blame. 
"[Saving] is not just a generational problem, it's an American problem," Krieg said. "My big competitor, I believe, 
is a checking account." 
hnp://www.businessinsider.com/stash-brandon-krieg-interview-investing-stock-market-20I7-7 
2/3 
EFTA00810529
--- PAGE 21 ---
Qonto launches its digital bank accounts for small companies I TcchCrunch 
TC News 
Video 
Events 
Crunchbase 
Ct 
()onto launches its digital bank accounts for small companies 
Posted Jul 5, 2077 by Romoin Dillet (@romaindillet) 
f tf in 8+ 
Ir 
French startup Qonto has raised another $11.3 million (El 0 million) from existing investors 
Valar Ventures and Alven Capital. The company is now also open for business. You can now 
create a French business bank account on the company's website. 
Qonto wants to become the N26 of business accounts. While retail banking hasn't changed 
quickly enough over the past few years, it feels like business banking is even worse and has 
been stuck in the past. Everything is too expensive and it takes too much time to tell your 
bank to do something. 
Qonto wants to put you in charge of your account. It's a web and mobile service like the ones 
you're using every day, and you remain in control. So for €9 per month, you get a 
MasterCard, a French current account with an IBAN to receive payments and the ability to 
manage transfers and debits. 
But that's just the beginning as you can order new cards for €5 per month or create virtual 
cards for €2 per month. Qonto lets you manage your user base. If you hire a new sales 
hups.fitechcrunch.com/2017,07A15/qonto-launches-its-digital-bank-accounts-for-snudl-companies/ 
1/7 
EFTA00810530
--- PAGE 22 ---
7/18/2017 
Qonto launches its digital bank accounts for small companies I TechCrunch 
You can block and unblock your card from the app, change the PIN code and get real-time 
notifications for each transaction. Administrators can adjust card limits and share transaction 
information with accountants. 
Other features are coming soon, such as an easy workflow to upload receipts and attach 
them to a particular expense — accountants are going to love this. Qonto will also make it 
easier to handle transfers in multiple currencies. 
In the future, you'll be able to connect your Qonto account with various fintech services you 
might also be using, such as Stripe, PayPal and GoCardless. This way, you'll be able to 
monitor and manage payments on all sorts of platforms from a single, unified interface. 
Behind the scene, Qonto partnered with Treezor for the back end. Treezor is the company 
that is actually managing your money. It generates current accounts and debit cards for 
Qonto. On the other side of the equation, Qonto tailors the experience and handles the 
relationship with its own customers. 
Other companies, such as iBanFirst in France, Seed in the U.S. and Tide in the U.K. are 
working on similar services with a few differences here and there — Tide just announced a 
$14 million funding round yesterday. While the market seems fragmented, those big funding 
rounds indicate that there seems to be a big opportunity to replace those expensive and 
ineffective business bank accounts. 
f tr in 8+ Jt, 
r 
hups://techcamch.com/2017/071O5/qonto-launches-its-digital-bank-accounts-for-snudl-companies/ 
2/7 
EFTA00810531
--- PAGE 23 ---
= Forbes 
MAR 23. 2017 rµ 06:14 AM 3.636 
Peter Thiel And Max Levchin Bet 
On Freelance Economy 
Peter Johnston, founder and CEO of Lystable 
Peter Thiel's venture capital firm Valar Ventures has led a $10 million investment 
round in Lystable, an app for collaborating with freelancers, Lystable announced 
this morning. 
The round includes earlier investors such as Max Levchin's fund SciFi VC, 
Kindred Capital and Goldcrest Capital, as well as new backers Glynn Capital 
Management and Wilmont Ventures. Thiel and Levchin were co-founders of 
PayPal. 
EFTA00810532
--- PAGE 24 ---
Lystable, which was founded in London and has an office in San Francisco, 
enables companies to onboard freelancers, create profiles for them, assign work 
to them, track invoices and make payments. Freelancers can also use the 
platform for functions such as checking the status of invoices. 
"We are growing rapidly," says Peter Johnston, founder and CEO, a former 
designer at Google and alum of the prestigious Techstars accelerator. "Our plan is 
to hire people to cope with that growth." 
Lystable plans to use the money it raised to introduce a new payments product, 
ideally by the end of the year, and hire senior executives to help that part of the 
business scale, says Johnston. 
Target clients are companies in the media and tech sector that rely heavily on 
freelance talent, according to John 
Lystable is SciFi VC's "first investment focused squarely on the freelance space," 
said Eric Scott, partner in SciFi VC, based in San Francisco. 
Scott said the firm sees the data Lystable is collecting on freelance talent to be 
"enormously valuable." While it is relatively easy for small firms to hire 
freelancers, it can be trickier for multinationals to find freelancers who work well 
with their team and fit into their culture, he noted. 
"They address a problem no one else does," he says. 
Lystable raised $11 million in Series A financing in June 2016, bringing the total 
raised to $25 million since its founding in 2014, according to the company. 
Lystable says its users include celebrity and style site POPSUGAR, the NY Daily 
News, Airbnb, ESPN, CNBC, IDEO, and Google. 
Using Lystable's basic platform is free but companies that pay their freelancers 
through the platform incur a processing fee. Paying through the platform is an 
alternative to direct bank transfers, which can be costly and, in some cases, 
impossible--presenting challenges as multinationals tap into an increasingly 
global talent base, says Johnston. 
"The future of work is becoming more international," says Johnston. "It's going to 
be more important to get these freelancers paid, wherever they are on the earth." 
EFTA00810533
--- PAGE 25 ---
Lystable's 2016 revenue was in the $1 million-$3 million dollar range, according 
to Johnston. The company employs 4o people. 
There is significant competition in the freelance management space, with 
platforms such as Work Market and Upwork going after enterprise clients. Some 
companies, such as the Washington Post, have developed private talent clouds to 
manage freelancers. 
"I think there will always be companies that decide to build vs. buy, but in most 
cases it's still going to make sense to buy," says Scott. 
EFTA00810534
--- PAGE 26 ---
N26 founder Maximilian Tayenthal: Growth. redundant banks, profits - Business Insider 
BUSINESS 
INSIDER 
App-only bank N26 doesn't care about 
'short-term profits' — it wants to build a 
European bank that will make rivals 
'redundant' 
I
OSCAR WILLIAMS-GRUT 
JUN. 29, 2017, 2:00 AM 
COPENHAGEN, Denmark — App-only startup bank 
N26 is one of Europe's hottest startups — and it's 
moving very fast. 
The Berlin-headquartered bank announced on 
Monday that it has partnered with fellow startup 
Clark to offer insurance through its app. 
It's one of a number of new products that N26 has 
launched this year, either built in-house or 
conceived through partnerships. Other launches 
include an overdraft you can apply for through your 
smartphone and a partnership with German 
investment platform Raisin. 
"Right now it's about making traditional banks 
redundant, in that we offer a product for every 
financial need of our customers," cofounder and 
CFO Maximilian Tayenthal told Business Insider at 
the Money2020 conference in Copenhagen this 
week. 
N26 cofounder and CFO Maximilian Tayenthal. 
Numbenth 
"Today, if you're a customer and you want to use a savings product you still have an excuse to use something 
other than N26. In the next 6 months, we want to bring one product and what we see as the best product in every 
category." 
http://www.businessinsider.com/n26-founder-maximilian-tayenthal-gmwth-banks-redundant-profits-2017-6 
1/3 
EFTA00810535
--- PAGE 27 ---
7/18/2017 
N26 founder Maximilian Tayenthal: Growth. redundant banks. profits - Business Insider 
ING's head of fintech Benoit Legrand told Business 
Insider last year: "Frankly, if you look at the 
neobank [as app-only banks are known] space —
they're flourishing everywhere but we're still waiting 
for the business model to show up. Where is the 
money? Where is the return?" 
Tayenthal says: "We used to get people saying you 
don't have a business model. It's not true. We 
always had a clear monetization strategy. 
He adds: "What is true is that no one at N26 has a 
single monetary KPI in the first year after our 
launch. We were working on our customer base, on 
the branding, on launching products, building up 
the team. We didn't work on short-term 
monetization. We want to be an app that customers 
open once a day. 
• 
826 
40.00 
4- 
sew. •• ••••(“d 
I 
N26's insurance partnership with Clark. 
N26 is "not focused on short-term profits," he says. 
For now, it's all growth, growth, growth. 
"We have positive unit economics which is cool, so every customer we add to the platform is making the business 
less negative," Tayenthal says. "When it comes to our revenue model, one has to understand that we operate at a 
very low cost. We acquire customers at a much lower cost. Secondly, we have much lower overheads. We have 
lower IT costs, everything is automated. We don't have branches." 
N26 is working on building more credit products and also has plans to expand its current product range across all 
the markets it is in. There are no immediate plans to get into business banking space but "in the long run we will 
launch a product there as well," Tayenthal says. 
One notable market where N26 is absent is the UK. The Times reported in April that N26 was set to launch in 
Britain by the end of the year, but Tayenthal is coy. 
He says: "It's a really interesting market and we are thoroughly looking at it," before adding: "I don't want to 
commit to any timeline." 
hnp://www.businessinsider.com/n26-founder-maximilian-tayenthal-gmwth-banks-redundant-profits-2017-6 
2/3 
EFTA00810536
--- PAGE 28 ---
If You Can't Real 'Em. Join Em: Landlords Embracing. Investing In Disruptive Forces - O113cc 
If You Can't Beat 'Em, Join 'Em: Landlords 
Embracing, Investing In Disruptive Forces 
May 04, 2017 I Ethan Rothstein, East Coast Editor 
Despite the real estate industry's reputation for adapting to technology at a 
glacial pace, Manhattan landlords have made a rapid about-face in the last 
few years. Pressed to stand out in the most competitive office market in the 
country, they have begun welcoming disruptive forces into their buildings and 
into their investment portfolios. 
Montreal-based on-demand meeting space provider 
Breather is a prime example of the rapid shift in 
mindset. Last year, Breather signed 50 leases totaling 
8oK SF in New York City. Breather operates almost i4o 
spaces in 15OK to 175K SF here at the moment, but vice 
president of real estate Maggie Burns said the firm is 
planning to have more than 200 locations by the end of 2017. 
Breather, which also operates in Toronto; Los Angeles; San Francisco; 
Washington, DC; Denver; and London, leases spaces of up to 4K SF and 
provides full-services meeting spaces by the hour or the day. The firm started 
its Manhattan journey in Midtown South catering to tech tenants, but its 
growth potential reaches far beyond. 
Burns considers some of the firm's most recent deals — at 183 Madison Ave., 
the first in a Tishman Speyer building, and at 594 Broadway in SoHo, its first 
with Newmark Holdings — achievements because of the caliber of landlord 
that has recognized the company's potential. 
"Two and a half years ago, the best-case scenario for us to sit down with a 
Class-A institutional owner was for them to say, 'Seems interesting, let us 
know how it's going in six months,'" Burns said. "Now the level of excitement 
is palpable. We're getting a lot of inbound requests from landlords." 
Just as important as the landlords who recognize the firm's potential — which 
Burns called "massive" numerous times in a telephone interview Thursday 
morning — is the volume of major, multinational companies seeing a need for 
its service. Breather is now the official small meeting space provider for Estee 
Lauder worldwide, Burns said. 
"We are serving more clients than ever before, and I think we're just 
scratching the surface," Burns said. "We're now very focused on serving 
[major institutional] clients, but also thinking about how can we meet the 
hnps://www.bisnow.cornincw-yorkfnewsktffice/lareather-wework-rfr-realty-manhattan-74I19 
1/3 
EFTA00810537
--- PAGE 29 ---
If You Can't Beat 'Ern, Join 'Em: Landlords Embracing. Investing In Disruptive Forces - Office 
needs of these massive occupiers globally as they think about their real estate 
footprint? We see a really massive opportunity there." 
If that business model sounds familiar, that is because it 
is reminiscent of what the office market's biggest 
disruptor is also striving for. 
When WeWork struck a deal to manage nearly an entire 
building, 7oK SF, on behalf of IBM near Greenwich 
Village, it effectively sent a message to brokerage giants like CBRE and JLL 
that it is not content to simply serve as a landing spot for some companies. 
WeWork and Breather launched effectively as middlemen between landlords 
and tenants. Firms of their ilk now see offering real estate as a service —
managing spaces directly on behalf of major clients — rather than short-term 
deals for freelancers and entrepreneurs — as the business model that has the 
best potential to scale. 
"From Day One, we wanted to be both B-to-C and B-to-B," Burns said, 
referencing platforms facing small consumers and large enterprise clients. 
"But two years ago, we started reorganizing around B-to-B, because the 
opportunity was just so massive." 
Likewise, landlords are not waiting for tech firms to come to them. Canadian 
giant Brookfield just invested tens of millions of dollars in Convene, another 
on-demand workspace company. On Tuesday, CBRE, Hines, Lennar, 
Macerich and Equity Residential were among the founding investors in Fifth 
Wall Ventures, an investment fund that raised $212M to invest in real estate 
startups contributing to the "Built World." 
"We're in the early innings of one of the single biggest shifts in the history of 
the U.S. economy," Fifth Wall's launch announcement reads. "The 'Built 
World' encompasses much more than buildings: it represents an entire 
ecosystem of the companies who own and operate physical space, and the 
innovative startups developing technologies that will transform, optimize and 
democratize access to these spaces. This ecosystem hasn't yet fully been 
realized." 
While technology was bound to change the way the real 
estate industry operates eventually, the acceptance of 
the change at every level of the industry in New York 
City has been significant, especially over the last year. 
And it is not just the technology itself, but the ethos and 
environment that technology inspires. 
"Fried Frank, which is one of the most prominent real estate law firms in New 
https:1/www.bisnow.cominew-yorkinews/office/breadier-wework-rfr-realty-manhattan-74119 
2/3 
EFTA00810538
--- PAGE 30 ---
If You Can't Beat 'Em. Join Em: Landlords Embracing. Investing In Disruptive Forces - Office 
York, in their office downtown, they put in a pool table," RFR senior vice 
president and director of leasing AJ Camhi said. "Law firms are usually about 
efficiency and offices, and in a million years you wouldn't think they'd 
encourage downtime. Park Avenue buildings are now putting in ping pong 
tables and open tenant lounges. It spreads the gamut now. It's pretty wild." 
For landlords like RFR, which owns the Seagram Building, attracting the right 
employees to the right project is more important than checking the hip, 
trendy boxes. 
"[The building] is an architectural masterpiece," Camhi said. "We are never 
going to redo that building to attract tech tenants. We were one of the first 
buildings to offer an executive lounge and a 7K SF terrace, but we're not going 
to put in pool tables." 
But the area where WeWork and Breather really succeed — personalized 
touches, service, programming — have landlords taking note. 
"We view our tenants as our partners, we want them to do very well. If they 
do well and we treat them well, then they grow within our building," Camhi 
said. "What WeWork has done has raised the bar for a lot of other landlords. 
A lot [of] amenities that are now springing up have a little to do with what 
WeWork provides. It's showing that level of service works." 
hap If/www.bisnow.cominew-yorklnewsioffice/breather-wewmic-rfr-realty-manhattan-74119 
3/3 
EFTA00810539
--- PAGE 31 ---
Fintech unicorn TransferWise reaches profitability. planning 'new financial services I TechCrunch 
Ts: News 
Video 
Events 
Crunchbase 
Ct 
Fintech unicorn TransferWise reaches profitability, planning 
`new financial services' 
Posted May 16. 2077 by Steve °Wear (@sohear) 
mi 
f 
VP in 3' d 
YOUR BANK IS OVERCHA RGING YOU Or. 
YOUR OVERSEAS most' IRAHSEERS 
V 
TronsisEvENNEENE, 
What's more mythical than a unicorn? A unicorn that is profitable. Six years after launch, 
TransferWise, the London-headquartered international money transfer startup, which was 
most recently valued at a reported $1.1 billion, has announced that it has finally reached 
profitability this calendar year and is "cash-generating". 
Breaking this down a little, the company says it's currently seeing £8 million per month in 
revenue, which extrapolates to a £100 million revenue run-rate, and is growing 150 per cent 
year-on-year and expecting to do the same this year. It also says over £1 billion is being 
moved every month, saving its customers what it claims to be over £1.5 million per day in 
foreign exchange fees. 
For reference, the most recent regulatory filing for the tax year ending March 2016, shows 
that TransferWise generated around £27.8 million in revenue and made a pre-tax loss of 
£17.4 million. It is yet to file its accounts for the year ending March 2017, but based on 
htipsWiechcninch.comt20I7i05/I6/finiech-unicorn-transienvise-reaches-profitability-planning-new-financial-seniees! 
EFTA00810540
--- PAGE 32 ---
Fintcch unicorn TransfcrWisc reaches pmlitability. planning 'new financial scrviccs' I TcchCninch 
Meanwhile, the startup has raised around $117 million in total (which is roughly £91 million 
at today's exchange rate). Top tier backers include Andreessen Horowitz, Peter Thiel's Valar 
Ventures, Sir Richard Branson, and most recently Baillie Gifford. 
"To have hit break-even just six years on from launch shows how strong the foundations of 
our business are," says TransferWise co-founder and CEO Taavet Hinrikus in a statement. 
"This is just the starting point. With the unique platform we've built, we're looking forward to 
creating a new kind of financial services for the future." 
Note the "new kind of financial services" part of the canned quote? That's because I 
understand the company is eyeing up additional customer pain-points that could also be 
solved under the TransferWise brand with functionality or services beyond helping you send 
money from one country to another. 
In a call with Hinrikus, he wouldn't be drawn on what they may be. However, when pressed 
he did say there were "no plans" to apply for a full banking license, for example, which would 
bring with it considerable further capital and regulatory requirements. In other words, we 
probably shouldn't expect a TransferWise challenger bank any time soon. 
With that said, let me speculate on what products I think the company could quite easily 
move into, should it choose to do so. Friend-to-friend or P2P payments within the same 
country, along the lines of Paypal's Venmo or Barclays Pingit, doesn't seem a stretch, given 
that TransferWise already has much of that infrastructure already in place. It also seems odd 
that the company doesn't offer its own debit card with low cost currency exchange when 
spending abroad, for example. 
Were TransferWise to do the latter, that would see it go up against Revolut, and a ton of 
other much more recent fintech startups that utilise MasterCard's low exchange rate, 
including all-your-cards-in-one app Curve, of which Hinrikus himself is an investor. 
What the TransferWise founder would say, however, is that having built a strong and trusted 
brand and now with a 1 million plus customer base, the company is in a great position to 
help its customers solve further problems adjacent to (or perhaps around the edges of) what 
it already offers. And it's true, the startup has, right from the get go, spent a lot of time and 
money on building the TransferWise brand and what is undoubtedly a great product. 
hupsfitcchcrunch.com/20I7J115/I6/finicch-unicorn-transicnvisc-reachcs-prolnability-planning-ncw-financial-scnices! 
EFTA00810541
--- PAGE 33 ---
Fintech unicorn TransferWise reaches profitability. planning 'new financial services' I TechCninch 
success over the last six years, its brand or product? "A billion dollar question," he replied, 
before pausing for thought and choosing his words in a carefully considered manner, as he is 
wont to do. "A product actually builds your brand. It's hard to have a great product which 
does not end up standing on its own two feet as a brand". 
To that end, I'm told TransferWise now claims 10 per cent of the international money transfer 
market in the U.K., a market still dominated by the major four banks who account for about 
per cent by some estimates. Or, put over simply, the company is now the size of half a 
bank in international money transfer terms, something that hasn't gone entirely unnoticed by 
those incumbent banks. 
"If you look around there are a lot of other fintech companies but they are often selling their 
own product through a bank," adds Hinrikus. "In the fintech space, I believe we will only see a 
couple of new global brands being built, and I'm pretty sure we are going to be one of them". 
Lastly, here's a bit of fun. The TransferWise founder recently tweeted a copy of his first ever 
pitch email to TechCrunch, more than six years ago, which resulted in the fintech unicorn's 
first wave of coverage and revenue. The 700 person-strong and now profitable company has 
come a long way since then. 
Steve O'Hear 
@sohear 
Jan 
I'm pretty sure I was first major tech pub to cover TransferWise 
and, I'm told, my story resulted in startup's first £1,000 transfer. 
twitter.comitaaveUstatus/... 
taavet hinrikus 
@taavet 
C
Follow 
you were the first. always thankful. see pitch email below. cc 
@andruspurde pic.twitter.com/OzNfURZpXR 
11:45 AM - 24 Jan 2017 • Palo Alto, CA 
hupsfitechcninch.com/20I7J115/I6/finiech-unicorn-transrenvise-reaches-prolnability-planning-new-financial-senices! 
EFTA00810542
--- PAGE 34 ---
US venture capital firm Technology Crossover Ventures buys Xem stake I afr.com 
FINANCIAL REVIEW 
Home 
News 
Business 
Markets 
Street Talk 
Real Estate 
Opinion 
Technology 
Personal Finance 
Leadership 
Life 
Ibme / Technology 
A01 182017 81 11 08 AM 
1.10,141441A4. 18 2017 at 4 59 PM 
US venture capital firm Technology Crossover Ventures buys 
Xero stake 
..cs44 Marlow 
by John hicDuling 
the NZX and ASX 
A giant US venture capital firm that has backed Facebook. Spotify 
and Netfiix has emerged with a small stake in Kiwi cloud 
accounting provider Xero. 
Technology Crossover Ventures (TCV) spent SNZ28.5 million ($26 
million) to pick up a 1.3 per cent stake in Xero. according to a 
filing to the New Zealand Stock Exchange. Xero is listed on both 
TCV. which raised $U525 billion for its ninth fund last year. bought its shares from 
fellow US venture firm Matrix Partners. which has reduced its stake in the business to 
8.5 per cent from 9.8 previously. TCV declined to comment. citing its policy for listed 
investments. 
While TCVs Xero stake is small. It represents the fund's first investment in the 
Australasian region in over three years and is another sign of growing interest among 
top-tier US venture capital firms for exposure to technology companies from this pan 
of the world. 
In 2014.TCV led a $30 million funding round for SiteMinder. a Sydney based hotel 
booking platform. 
Strong support 
The Indian arm of vaunted Silicon Valley fund Sequoia Capital has made a handful of 
investments on both sides of the Tasman over the past year. Other respected US VC 
hnp://www.afrromitechnologyfus-venturc-eapital-firm-tochnology-crossover-ventures-buys-xero-stakc-20170418-gymnn0 
113 
EFTA00810543
--- PAGE 35 ---
7/18/2017 
US venture capital firm Technology Crossover Ventures buys Xero stake I afrrom 
firms actively investing in this region include Accel Partners (an Investor in Xero and 
Campaign Monitor. and an early backer of Atlassian) and Index Ventures (an investor 
in SafetyCulture and Culture Amp). 
Xero's ASX listing Ls up about 10 per cent this year. outpacing a 3 per cent rLse for the 
broader market. However, the stock has fallen about 55 per cent from its mid-2014 
peak. 
"it Is routine that some earty-stage investors will rebalance their portfolios and we're 
thrilled to receive strong support from new investors who are ready to Join Xero for its 
next phase of growth." the company's chief financial and operating officer. Sankar 
Narayan. said in an emailed statement 
TCV's share purchase - and Matrix's sale - continues the intrigue on Xero's 
shareholder register. Earlier thLs month the powerful Silicon Valley billionaire and 
Donald Trump adviser Peter Thiel sold shares worth about 323 million in the 
company. taking his stake below the 5 per cent threshold at which it must be publicly 
disclosed. 
The sale followed reports that Mr Thiel had been secretly granted New Zealand 
citizenship in 2011. stoking fierce debate in both the US and New Zealand. Mr Thiel's 
application had been strongly supported by Xero founder Rod Drury. while Xero's 
former chairman Chris Liddell recently quit the company to take up a White House 
advisory role in the 'Dump Administration. 
New Zealand's emerging technology scene has been attracting significant global 
attention lately. Last week. The New York Times wrote a glowing article on the 
country's ability to lure top tech talent to its shores. 
bnp://www.atbcomitechnologyfus-venture-capital-limmechnology-crossover-ventures-buys-xero-stake-201704 I 8-gymnn0 
2/3 
EFTA00810544

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810545.pdf
----------------------------------------
* 7:7n
„io're' 
l ove, id eferyi.cif 
BLACK CHALK 
productions 
Financial Plan 
EFTA00810545
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cash Flow 
Currency - $USD 
of 5 
Production Budget 
$2.SM 
$2.SM 
$2.5M 
$2.5M 
Equity Investor 
53M 
$3M 
33M 
$3M 
Domestic Bon Office 
$2,000,000 
$4,000,000 
$8,000,000 
$1 6,000,000 
Rental Rate 
42% 
44% 
45% 
48% 
Theatrical Rentals 
5840,000 
51,760,000 
$3,600,000 
$7,680,000 
R 
Theatrical Rentals 
$840,000 
$1,760,000 
$3,600,000 
$7,680,000 
DVD/Blu Ray Revenues 
$900,000 
51,800,000 
$3,600,000 
$7,200,000 
Pay Television (Netflix) 
$100,000 
8800,000 
$1,600,000 
53,200,000 
Digital Distribution (PPV, VOD) 
$600,000 
51,200,000 
$2,400,000 
54,800,000 
Fry - Broadcast / Basic Cable 
8200,000 
8100,000 
5800,000 
51,600.000 
Foreign Sales 
S 100,000 
8800,000 
-I .600,0011 
!-;i .•)i)i ii lig) 
Total Revenues 
$3,340,000 
$6,760,000 
$13,600,000 
$27,680,000 
Distribution Costs & Fees 
Domestic Distribution Fee 
8835,000 
SI ,690,000 
$3,400,000 
56,920,000 
Foreign Distribution Fee 
00,000 
$200,000 
$400,000 
5800,000 
Print and Advertising 
8500,000 
8500.000 
5500,000 
5500.000 
DVD Costs 
5270,000 
5540,000 
$1,080,000 
52,160,000 
Digital Distribution Costs 
840,000 
570,000 
$130,000 
5250,000 
Television Distribution Costs 
56,000 
512,000 
$24,000 
548,000 
Residuals 
$1 33,600 
5270,400 
$544,000 
81,107,200 
Total Distribution Costs & 
Fees 
$1,884,600 
$3,282,400 
$6,078,000 
$11,785,200 
Total Revenue 
$3,340,000 
$6,760,000 
$13,600,000 
$27,680,000 
Net Re 
$1,455,400 
$3,477,600 
$7,522,000 
$15,894,800 
Investor Capital Repaid 
$3,000,000 
S3,000,000 
$3,000,000 
$3,000,000 
Net Profit, 
41,544,600 
$477,600 
$4,522,000 
$12,894,800 
Production Company Equity 
$0 
$47,760 
$452,200 
$1,289,480 
Total Investor Return 
$1,455,400 
$3,429,840 
$7,069,800 
$14,605,320 
Total Investor Return 
49% 
114% 
236% 
487% 
kr
a.2
1/4:7. ire ,./;In 
EFTA00810546
--- PAGE 3 ---
a 
..
intsire:130C4 
Cash Flow - Receipt Assu mptions 
Domestic Box Office (DBO) > 
US thcatrical rcicasc projected 3-6 months following 
completion. Performance scenarios arc based on the low, 
average, high and home run domestic box office (DBO) of 
selected genre of films within spccific budget ranges. 
Rental Rate > 
Exhibitor revenue projected 42% - 48% based on DBO 
performancc. 
DVD Revenue > 
Pay TV > 
Digital Distribution > 
Broadcast/Basic Cable > 
Other Ancillary Media > 
International Sales > 
DVD sales arc projected at 45%, 45%, 400/0 and 40% rate of 
DBO during initial 5 year rcicasc which include all packaged 
media including Blu-ray and revenue share. 
200/o of DBO, including Nctffix ad other streaming interact 
services. 
30% of DBO — this is primarily cable PPV, VOD, and 
Electronic sell-through of movies (EST) on the intcmct. 
10% of DBO 
Othcr ancillary markets including music, merchandising and 
licensing, comic books and publishing arc NOT modeled for 
purposes of this plan, but represent additional salts 
opportunities. 
This model only tracks the major nation international sales. 
EFTA00810547
--- PAGE 4 ---
Domestic Distribution Fees > 
25% for theatrical and all other down market revenue streams 
uanpire
in 
Cash Flow -Cost Assumptions 
International Distribution Fees > 25% of international receipts from sale to major nations 
Print and Advertising > 
is calculated as a blended average based on anticipated 
theatrical performance, and screen count, with 55°460% of the 
anticipated box office performance spent on M. The model 
contemplates sourcing 
financing though a distribution 
partner. 
DVD Costs > 
30% of DVD sales 
Digital Distribution Costs > 
5% of digital sales and $10,000 for formatting 
Television Distribution Costs > 
3% of Pay and Frcc television sales 
Residuals > 
Residuals arc calculated on guild guidelines on gross receipts 
received by the Company 
Production Budget > 
The total budget is $3M and includes all costs to final 
production for submission to film festivals and distribution pre-
sales formatting. Black Chalk Productions has I0% equity stake. 
EFTA00810548
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00810549

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810550.pdf
----------------------------------------
Verkhovtseva Anastasia 
Female, 24 years, born on 1 October 1993 
— preferred means of communication 
Reside in: Moscow 
Citizenship: Russia, work permit at: Russia 
Ready to relocate, ready for business trips 
Work experience -3 years 8 months 
September 2015 — 
Bremen komnaume Kayganb (Caudal wine company) 
till now 
years 4 months 
March 2015 — May 
2015 
months 
February 2014 —
September 2014 
months 
February 2013 —
June 2013 
months 
Import and brand manager 
Work with producers of alcoholic beverages (mainly wine): business correspondence, purchase of 
wine, dealing with all work issues (claims, free product, etc.), conducting of negotiations (working 
conditions, sales). Preparation of sales and purchases statistics, forecasts. Creation of brand 
plans, which include analysis of competitors on the Russian market and the market in general. 
Clients' support during business trips. Participation in exhibitions. 
Indesit Company 
Trainee 
Putting of documents in corporate database. Work with payment transactions from banks. 
Reassessment of cash proceeds in rubles / euros and euros rubles. Canceling of credit blocks 
from shipments. 
ME)KWHAPOJIHbIlil ttok1HAHCOBblkt Kl1YS, OAO AKB (MFK Bank) 
Assistant of corporate business and finance department 
Preparing of presentations; data collection upon request of the members of the team, making of 
summary tables. 
Use of office equipment, record keeping, putting of the documents in corporate database. 
Booking of hotels and tickets, organisation of transport support. 
AllPYD (ALRUD - Law firm) 
Secretary 
Coordination of incoming calls. Organization of audio- and teleconferences. Booking of the hotels 
and tickets. Meeting of the clients, assistance during negotiations and conferences. 
EFTA00810550
--- PAGE 2 ---
Master 
Academy of Foreign Trade of the Ministry of Economic Development 
and Trade of the Russian Federation, Moscow 
Faculty of international economy, International Economy 
2015 
Academy of Foreign Trade of the Ministry of Economic Development 
and Trade of the Russian Federation, Moscow 
Faculty of international economy, International Economy 
Professional developinum, courses 
2014 
Diplome de frangais professionnel - Affaires B2 
CCI Paris. Business francais 
2012 
Formation Linguistique FLE 
Le CF2M, Centre Formation Montjoye Mediterranee de Nice. Francais 
Key skills 
Languages 
Skills 
Russian 
dative 
English 
I am a fluent speaker 
French 
I can attend an interview 
Negotiation skills MS Outlook Time management Analytical skills 
Additional information 
About me 
Well developed negitiating skills 
Fast learner who focuses on results 
Punctuality 
Able to work under presuure. Have good skills in time managment 
Competence in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel. Outlook). 1C 
Creative 
EFTA00810551

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810552.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00810552
--- PAGE 2 ---
Forward looking statements  
veru 
INICOMMoNC063ACOMOnSkeeeed-1501Ing Skilanenlswankt the MeONN2 Of the Prty0105,3~10(4 U110060nRelOrM ACIOl 1995. 11.93 SIONMUMIS Ore Subjekt 10 bidral on 
unknown aks. uncortalmes and assumptin adb:ny such risks or uncerlonles malorkiao or i any of the assurnplions prove incorrocl. os aclual ros" coud delar 
molbed Man Mose aquessed ar ~ed by sua staemeres. factors bal may causa aclud results to older material:y korn Mose contemreated by such lonvad bobrq 
s101eMenn nekt». bul ote n3Y briter:110: raf reelked SO tre Cltrekenu3n101 Verv MC. % (Me -COrrgeny,OrOrirel pollab. bidvang ~0116M. reoul0ary OpprOwlIS end 
Kne and cosi to ang to merket potentat deby. M tne ~cote, Iming cd and raud; from locol onn end sbxlos end n Ire %ting of bly wbrrysson to the rogulalory 
aumonlet: Mellit in °Maning are regi-foton oppmed ond tro produch bong commercicey soccesske rista reeatrq to Me °bitt od Ide Corrpcny lo °elan suffleer* 
Monene On OCOM)10ble terms ...hen n.)~0 ro lund deveropmenl ond Comp0ny OCKYOlier6.PrvduCt elemonClorKlenOrtelOCCesalonCe. COmpemon in Me COnp0nys 
maten and Me rist ol news Sting ~petiten~ 
arealer rosources and capablees and reve company* procbc1 rntroduchons: the ilsk In sale: bong oflocted by 
ropulakey dembpments. Inaludng a readuncatnn od Me producle price erosen. bom hom ~pang procbch and inaecced government 'anane prosauros: mcnufaclurhg 
Ond Crspedly CORNY prOblenrs: COMplonce ond regylolay ~len hauding COM ond dele» MIJIM2 frem tie exremke gOverrenenSOIMENIotert Ond etled, d nretlen0ere 
Murane* Ond roguSatbn. includng reductbns In reabursemenl and coverago: same ol Me Compansli producrscre ler dauda:ment and tre Campere,' malt fal to 
successkOr cornmeroalm sud, products: mk. rokeed lo inlelleclual propan,. nolocIng mo uncortarty od aceanng pasanis. the e/kalvenes% of the patent% or *Mor 
hlelectuOla0PertyrX0Yechons ond obit710 enlorte Iren, 000Yrt I1V0 ~EM. Me unCedeinly regeretg 001ent coyeroges. the POSSbilly Ol htMoho 011V0 Ø'S  polens 
ordne' Inteheclual properly %MK. and Icensng råske government car...can° ras. ncludng ble operaen: bm process and /undng ~lot 
pasened beseaucrac ddays 
awardng contrach. procest ~dolkesOr olier am -res, and ble risk Mal adyornmore torden ard contracts mor/ bo subjecitocanmetahndeloy.reseucluMg 
wbsionlied mo*, pournents, goyernmenta masa asoid. incbdhp 
Car0Ony's rapen. Saum Aldcø •anole cOnClan lenda ~ard. hocola, OCCepionce of Me 
tidderi øke raner mon on ada a ananes of Me arena.« Orry nifaner rer "aber 01 enis. ti d 0,0~ 
aramwheni Meti6e$010111« OVIMCSOCIOF Gutane', MP/ 
Ø 
ti d over= (mva unn Man Ire hil ~moro sender crnounl:ponclties anda cktarmone lor lak« to sann tander °svarets: Mo lang ol orden undermo 
Canpora's recent Soalh Al6co fane» condom lenda ~ad b .ncen0h. ond OM deby M elde° unO9F the Onad cald minen h Iowa 'mynte bits OrdiebOled in Me 
°aller pen 01 the liree-rea parod cated by Me timda: Ire COnrpaly5tecMl South ~co lande conck)m lenda Ow0r0 could be %Moe. In me lokke kmeonocalion la 
polental kcal manufactumg relattves. whchcouldrectce mo sto od ble emmi lo Ile [brobry: te Company% ~ce 
onlIs internalkeed partners and on Me lovd ol 
lOendngtn Country gMISMMIMII. ClOb0100n3rs onda'« pek ne0eh ofoonizolions in the Øb0l podia secea:fislmeloied 10 otnamlicfon 01 <taum. ,ecaeoble 'Mb 
ow kipena/ganen ond the coh9clion of Mose eoehaSes: n,9 SCOnank Ond bukrenn artsramen Ond Me impoci Ol gtmentneal pOWAfres: Mk% incONed M deing buineis 
en an imanaknoi levet includng amency ras. rea.eatay reguremenls. pakketniks, export reshictora oller trade brak sno Company% prodlcInncapaosy, eticency 
Ond Suy)plyCOMM:inn Ond inlentplfars. inClutIng due 10 leter ~MI Or at« Mk, ~sed so tre coM ond aner &fea. 01 Ploorron. Mcludinp prOduCI lobihy «ans: Ond 
OlheirdskS Cle102M1 b 11. Company. press 'Sose.. 'borehode, oommankolions and %arne% Ond ExChOrX* Canni1U0n dings. inCluong Compony's ^mua Repal On Fan' 
1041a the yap. ondod September 30. 2017. Mil cbcument is avolatlo on Me SEC Ringe sectonol oswebule al owy, vaken-r.7'^ .-nri
"y. M IC/WiTd4COICha 
siolemenh ore boed On irdormoron~oble bus sd The dele hes0l. ond Comooly Gass not mane onyoblpalion ond dom na blend auodale (my lomad-lockinp 
,leiemens. ~Opi Os rettvist" by 
ire Carpony nos lied 0 Moillr011On slden,enlar barn 5.3 fnelvtling 0 prOSpeChys) with tre %CLAES% Ond entreroe Commis~ ("SEC" mal wes deCkretlelfeClive on 
November 14. 2017. Bekre yOu hvest h me «ekg k> ym'ch Mb communicoeonre.ales. ytt, utdun Æsa. Me aopedtsh m0t regitiOrkn slOkeMent. Ire aelm'rcry 
reospecias sua:lemen. robled lo the &føring Odenayalabbl and Me od,
 docuwenls the Company has Mod andedl Ile sNIM Me SEC lor more correlolo nlormallay 
obol tere COMPOrry «Kl Me OMAN. YOu encri del tffle OOeunenhfa NIS by vatn° EDGAR On the SEC unlibfte Ot unnu.SeC.Cten. AllftM011uely. me Genpony. Ony 
ondenaer aly 40041dOrliCtrelktg n the offerM0 wi ononde to send yOu the prOsteClus Ond Me pngmhoty prospeclo...hen OvOl0ae, by <eting Conbafilipsord d 
Co_ Alet Capllal Malers, 459 tak Avenue. da Hoa. Ho* York, NY 101122, by telephone al 2124129.7122. 
EFTA00810553
--- PAGE 3 ---
Pipeline of proprietary product candidates and specialty pharmaceuticals 
vent 
PRODUCT 
INDICATION 
TARGET 
PREcuNICAE PHASE, 
PHASE 2 
PHASE 3 
PHASE.. 
PROSTATE CANCER NOVEL MEDICINES 
Zuclomiphene 
Capsules 
VERU• I 1 (13 nclole) 
Capsules 
Hot flashes caused 
by prostate cancer 
hormone treatment 
Metastatic prostate 
cancer 
Non steroidal 
estrogen agonist 
Oral, targeted 
a • $ htbulin 
inhibitor 
EI:112== 
UROLOGY SPECIALTY PHARMACEUTICALS 
Tomsulosin DRS 
granules 8 XR capsules 
(tamsulosin HCI) 
Todolafli-finasteride 
combo tablets (5mg 
todalafli /5mg 
linasteilde) 
Soldenacln DRG 
(solltenacln granules 
oral suspension) 
BPH (no food effect) 
IIPH a erectile 
dysfunction 
Overactive 
bladder 
Super selective a- 
receptor blacker 
with no food effect 
PDS • 
So reductose 
inhibitors 
Selective M3 
muscarinic 
antagonist 
CS2=322aa 
EFTA00810554
--- PAGE 4 ---
Experienced in clinical practice, drug development and commercialization vett 
Mitchell Steiner, MD 
CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & 
CEO 
CEO & President Aspen Pork 
Pharmaceuticals. President of 
Urology at OPKO Health. Inc.: 
CEO & Founder Cir. Inc.: 
urologist 
Michele Greco, CPA 
CHIEF FINANCIAL & 
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER 
CFO/EVP the Female Health 
Company. 28 years with Frost & 
Young, 15 yeas as an Audit 
Partner 
Kevin Gilbert, JD, CPA 
EVP CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT 
Corporate Development & Legal 
Third Stream Bioscience. Attorney 
at McDermott. Will & Emery, 
Motorola. dosed more that 100 
transactions in 25 countries 
Gary Barnette, PhD 
CHIEF SCIENTIFIC OFFICER 
Sr. VP Scientific and Reg Affairs 
Camorgo Phcrm. Services. VP 
Cfnical & Reg and Founder GTx, 
Inc., Director Reg Affairs Solvay 
Phormo. Clinical Pharmacology! 
Biopharmoceutics Reviewer FDA. 
PhD Basic Pharmaceutical 
Sciences west Virgin° University 
Philip Greenberg, JD 
EVP LEGAL 
General Counsel Latin Arnenca 
Teva Pharmaceuticals with prior 
senior legal positions in 
international and North America 
divisions; Deputy General 
Counsel for VAX Corporation 
Harry Fisch, MD 
CHIEF CORPORATE OFFICER 
Chairman Aspen Park 
Pharmaceuticals and Millennium 
Sciences. Inc.: urologist 
Phil Kuhn, MBA 
EVP STRATEGY AND 
COMMERCIALIZATION 
Global Strategy and Commercial 
expertise in medical devces. 
aognostics. and biologics: 
leadership roles at ISTO Biologics, 
Orthofix, Smith & Nephew, Boston 
Scientific, Johnson & Johnson. and 
Abbott 
UPDATED 
EFTA00810555
--- PAGE 5 ---
u 
Prostate Cancer -
Novel Medicines 
EFTA00810556
--- PAGE 6 ---
Zuclomiphene: potential to be the first FDA approved drug for hot flashes 
caused by prostate cancer hormone therapy 
Hot flashes are one of the most 
common and debilitating side effect 
of androgen deprivation therapy 
(ADT) for advanced prostate cancerl•2
• Occurs in up to 80% of men treated 
with ADT (leuprolide or degarelix) with 
30-40% having moderate to severe hot 
flashes'-3
• Symptoms do not subside over time 
• 44% of men of S yews and 40% of men of 8 
yeas slit suffer from hot floshes2
• Concern over hot flashes make 
patients less likely to begin ADT and 
can lead to early discontinuation2A 
veru 
Zuclomiphene (aka cis-clomiphene) 
is an oral estrogenic agent" 
• Isolated cis-clomiphene from CLOMID 
(30% cis- and 70% trans-clomiphene; 
approved in 1967 for female infertility( 
• Efficacy established for estrogens: off-
label steroidal estrogens are effective 
but have safety concerns" 
• FDA database and scientific literature 
show cis-clomiphene component of 
CLOMID is well tolerated with over 
88,000 men/years using CLOMID off 
label for infertility or hypogonadism 
Gomelb LG el al EUU intsi:25.292037likarinp P el all UV 15211701173 199A %•Gavale2 BDatoll Urol 194690495 20151, 03101SerallSuppore 
Dace. 43,5 320 2004 I guano' It1 el cd Endocnnolow 1397771220 
Fontenot GC el dim ht I I 7N4,50. 20161..fones lm tt cl Auon JAr4obae 
14:192.19720,21' Spell AC el of 1 Supped OrCei 426.3.2732C431.,COmeree Plume Clekof Report 3/ 17 axl FDA SdeiroDoCurnenl BRUDAC AcNiscee 
rneerg 17/16 
EFTA00810557
--- PAGE 7 ---
Zuclomiphene clinical development plan: Phase 2 trial design 
IND accepted 7/18 
Phase 2 placebo controlled dose finding study 
First subject expected in 9/18 & final data 
expected 1H 2019 
Plan to enroll 120 men who have moderate & 
severe hot flashes on ADT in 10 US clinical sites 
• Primary efficacy endpoint- mean change in 
frequency of moderate 8, severe hot flashes from 
baseline to week 4 and maintained until week 12 
• Power 8O%; 40% improvement compared to 
placebo 
• Placebo effect from literature is 22%' 
• Secondary endpoints- bone turnover markers a
veru 
Lopinzi el o12009. Annals of Oncology p1 .8 ICOLI0.I093/annenc/mcfn644 :Table 21 
mg 
Primary endpoint 
Primary endpoint 
weeks 
weeks 
EFTA00810558
--- PAGE 8 ---
Zuclomiphene: greater than $600 million/year expected market 
Market potential 
• Indication: treatment of castration-induced 
hot flashes in men with advanced prostate 
cancer on ADT 
• Estimated 600,000 men on hormonal 
therapies (androgen deprivation therapy as 
well as novel androgen blocking agents) in 
the U.S.' 
• Over a $600 million/year expected market? 
Intellectual property 
• Patent (U.S. No. 9.913.815) issued March 2018, 
expiry 2035- method of use 
• Polymorph identified- composition of matter 
patents filed 
veru 
Scher et cr. PtoS ONE 2015 101-12 (DOI:10.1371(rotmeloone013Pee0 I r Rd to:oleo ocoinike boon on XX of 400000 men io US on AD1 have moderole to more 
ivt norhesilthe once was Sa3C0 hoot of freemen! 
EFTA00810559
--- PAGE 9 ---
VERU-111 may address key limitations of current prostate cancer treatments 
The only effective agents against advanced and metastatic 
prostate cancer are hormonal and antitubulin cytotoxic 
drugs 
Androgen blocking agents ZYTIGA (abiraterone) and 
XIANG' (enzolutomide) have significant cross resistance 
Men who progress on these agents are being healed with 
antilubulin chemotherapies 
Current antitubulins have challenges' 
• Only evadable as intravenous administration 
• Drug resistance is common- multidrug resistance 
proteins. tubulin mutations and overexpression 
• Safety concerns- hypersensitivity reactions, 
neutropenia, and neufoloxicily (peripheral 
neuropathy & muscle weakness) 
'Domoid t ar ol art Treat Opica:Oncci 16:9 2015 
EFTA00810560
--- PAGE 10 ---
VERU-111: novel, oral, next generation, tubulin inhibitor 
targeting a and p subunits of microtubuies 
Precllnical Product profilel-3
• low nanomolar inhibition of tubulin polymerization 
• High oral bioovailability 
• High brain penetration 
• Not a substrate for MDRs 
MRPs. and BCRP) 
• Not a substrate for CYP3A4 
• Efficacy against prostate and other cancers in vitro 
and in vivo 
• Demonstrated activity against taxane. vinca alkaloid, 
doxorubicin, enzalutarnide, and abiraterone resistant 
cancers 
• Favorable safety profile (less neurotoxicity than 
docetaxel and unlike taxanes and vinca alkaloids -no 
neutropenia or myelosuppression)4
MICROTUBULE 
veru 
Chen J el al. J Med Chem 55:7285-7289 2012 I1 Li CM el CI. MOM, Res 29:3053-3043 2012 I Le Y el all Abed Chem 57:73553364 2014 I'28 day 
ral and dog lox ily :ladies an file al veta. hC. 
EFTA00810561
--- PAGE 11 ---
VERU-111 builds on a proven mechanism - inhibiting microtubule assembly yew 
Microtubule assembly 
VERU-111 
(Crossilnks a and (1 subunits 
and Inhibits polymerization) 
control 
"spindle shape" 
Microtubules (red) disrupted from 
spindle to globular shape 
VERU-111 
"globular shape" 
Triple negative human breast cancer xenograft 
(MDA-M8-231)i 
',unmet, ASCO abstrach 2018 
ct profile 
EFTA00810562
--- PAGE 12 ---
VERU-111 inhibits growth of taxane-resistant prostate cancer' 
PC-3 
2503 
'coo 
• 
• 
.,e 20:0 
600 
E 
e 
E 
600 
• 
€ 1503 
°. 
• 
• 
Z 
: TKO 
2P 
100 
i 
O 
- e - -1/4., 
f 
303 
100 
o. 
..
• 
• 
• II 12 14 IS 16 16 
PC-3/TxR 
. 
Wittes 
cee...rcaroma 
a.. 
.
.
. 
.•• 12 14 16 IS 20 
I = VERU-I 11: PO- oral dosing: 
intravenous dosing: mpk- mg per kg 
Treatment flitiated when tumors reached 150-300 mms 
veru 
• PC-3 and taxane-resistant PC-3 (PC-
3/TxR) human prostate cancer 
xenografts were grown in mice 
• Figure a- demonstrates that PC-3 
calk ore inhibited by a 'axone 
Idocetaxel) 
• Figure b- indicates PC-3/NR are 
indeed resistant too taxone 
Idocetaxel) 
• VERU-111 inhibited growth of taxane 
resistant human prostate cancer 
xenografts (3.3.6.7 mg/kg) 
' U Caa et d. otxnn R0689.70534363 2012 
EFTA00810563
--- PAGE 13 ---
VERU-111 inhibits prostate cancer tumors resistant to novel androgen blocking 
(AB) agents with no effect on body weight (surrogate for toxicity) 
veru 
22Rv1- human prostate cancer model' 
• Contains androgen receptor 
• Resistant to novel AB agents: 
variants including AR-V7 
enzalutamide and obiroterone 
Efficacy (median tumor volume) 
•••••••••••••• WM. MA 
 to
.P'1101
PASCO obf000IS 2018 
SPNcelo0 
...WO 
.II )0•41141001 
.Y•••0111111. I MAW* 
SOKKOt110•04*I 
Safety (% starting body weight rats) 
Receb) 
12226 
12211 
VERµ111 Say)* 
12753 
1251$ 
00370 
P0) 
VERIA11120100 
12412 
124.33 
02031 
PO) 
Dxsisca1 lOnvoltg 
II106 
moo 
0/133 
011 
DOIMAI teleate MUM ••••••••0010! OW ID ',WOW tell1011101•••••11P4.0415) 
EFTA00810564
--- PAGE 14 ---
VERU-111 clinical development plan: Target castration and novel androgen 
blocking agent resistant metastatic prostate cancer 
veru 
First in class, next generation, novel oral agent that targets a and 13 subunits of tubulin 
nog 
ADT 
P
Hormone sensitive 
metastatic prostate 
cancer 
S 
rt 
'401
ADT • 
novel A8 agent: 
enzatutornde or 
abiraterone 
re71:
VERU•111 
IF 4 
Castration resistant 
Castration and novel androgen 
metastatic prostate 
blocking agent resistant 
cancer 
metastatic prostate cancer 
nor. antiogon 604641.11441 
reap/ 
ispptht aear000n bMWq 
OWN. ere0/04Ticin 
0440144040.614 4 pOlularlikle 
EFTA00810565
--- PAGE 15 ---
VERU-111 clinical development: we expect open label clinical data Q1 2019 veru 
Successful pre-IND meeting with FDA 9/18 
IND and Phase 1/2 expected calendar Q4 2018- Johns Hopkins Cancer 
Center (lead center) 
Men with metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer who have progressed on 
novel androaen blocking agent (either enzalutamide or abiraterone) and ± 1 taxane 
r‘ 
Phase 1 
3+3 design 
Phase 2 open label study 
Primary endpoint- PSA reduction 
N=15 
N=26 
castration and novel androgen 
blocking agent resistant 
metastatic prostate cancer 
Fix superscript. 
EFTA00810566
--- PAGE 16 ---
VERU-111 has potential to treat multiple indications in prostate cancer 
t • 
Indication 2- novel AS agent and taxane chemotherapy resistant mCRPC 
AD1 • 
enzalutarrkle or 
obioierone t
t
ataCeteeel
ni
t
cabcartwel 
VERU• Ill 
--.—± 
veru 
antioarnarerbedah 
reeler 
neme MI 59~ 
enZaklarrele CO ralenCee. 
Ondageteleeide 
CO:nutan ten:tent 
rennet AD agent 
DOCetaXel (lanCetel 
latale rentlent 
trek.. ute ettneate 
ractent metcaolic 
tenGlant rneneelata 
mole:tale latettatn 
con [...• 
pratale Cancer 
POState <0.100‹ 
COPSE,
Indication 3- Is fine mCRPC resistant to novel Al agents 
Indication 4- I* line hormone sensitive metastatic prostate cancer 
AD? • 
cpaeMridea 
Sniaulan'ide 
tionmelOstate costa:Mon 
Mealtime (MO) with Noll RSA 
ckobang time on ADI 
ee,  
MelplOsiS PM/ 
vERU-I I I 
enCRPC fe./%1Off IO 
00,9! AS 00enh 
ALIT plus 
VERU-I It 
0~1 
syvhol win IV 
ciccelaxel pus A011:24 
IN 9 
t 
a 
ADI 
dens,
Hanle,. %MOW* eneta•aliC 
pasta* cancer 
Seeenei NUM 2015 (0C1 10 10050*.loolS0)747) 
EFTA00810567
--- PAGE 17 ---
VERU-111 has applications in multiple areas of oncology; strong IP 
abstracts at ASCO 2018 
VERU-I II HAD EFFICACY AGAINST THE FOLLOWING 
HUMAN CANCER XENOGRAFT MODELS 
• 22Rv1- human metastatic prostate 
cancer line resistant to enzalutamide 
and abiraterone 
• Triple negative breast cancer 
• Ovarian cancer 
• Pancreatic cancer 
veru 
Over 29 peer-reviewed publications 
issued composition of matter patents 
Including U.S. 9029408, EU 2959900 and 
Japan 5507552 
• U.S. potent expiry 2029 with possible 
extension to 2034 and 63 foreign 
granted or pending patents 
• Polymorphs identified to extend time for 
composition of matter coverage 
EFTA00810568
--- PAGE 18 ---
VERU-111 market opportunity 
Current market for advanced 
prostate cancer drugs 
• $5 billion market for secondary novel androgen 
blocking agents for prostate cancer' 
• $4.8 billion market for anlitubulins such as vino 
alkaloids & taxans Idocetaxel $1 baron ond 
caborilaxel $500 ~on in prostate cancer) 
• VERU-I I I potential global market greater than 
$5 billion for prostate and other cancer types 
veru 
VERU-111, like current antitubulins, 
may have efficacy against broad 
cancer types 
• VINCA ALKALOIDS: VELBAN (VINBLASTINE): 
ONCOVIN (VINCRIST1NE): NAVELBINE 
(VINORELBINE) Prirricrily used in combination 
chemotherapy (ABVD. Stonford-V, CHOP. MOPP) For 
hematologic malignancies (leukemia. tympharna, 
and myeloma). and neuroblastoma. thyroid cancer, 
sarcoma ond non smal cell lung cancer 
• TAXANES: TAXOL (PACLITAXEL); TAXOTERE 
(DOCETAXEL): JEVTANA (CABA/ITAXEL): 
ABRAXANE (PROTEIN BOUND PACLITAXEL) 
~only used for said tumors such as breast, ovarian. 
endometriol. cervical. lung. head and neck, 
esophageal. bladder. gastric. and prostate 
~me krellgen:e I nips 'Haw the rAo:toTecercer matte:vet cner.ae over nod decode' ar Kevn Gregon 
EFTA00810569
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00810570
--- PAGE 20 ---
Urology specialty pharmaceuticals: 
NDAs for 3 drug products to be submitted 2019 
Product 
veru 
Indication 
Formulation and 
advantages 
Market 
Status 
Tamsulosin XR 
BPH 
0.4 mg Stow release 
2017 US market-
Final bioequivolence 
capsules and 
granules with no food 
28,341A04 scripts 
study will be 
granules 
Branded- Flomax 
effect 
completed 2018 
Long term core-
Sprinkles for dysphagia 
3.126.003 scripts 
NDA 2019 
Compliance & safely 
Tadalafil-finasteride 
BPH- enlarged 
Combination tablet 
Bioequivolence 
combination tablet 
prostate 
containing 5 mg tadolafil 
study will be 
Erectile 
and 5 mg finasteede 
Estimated US $150 
completed 2018 
dysfunction 
Convenience and 
NDA 2019 
Brand-
Compliance 
Cioks/Proscar 
Solifenacin DRG 
Overactive 
Sprinkles for dysphagia 
Long term core 
Bic-equivalence 
granules 
bladder 
study 2018/2019 
Estimated US $150 
Brand- Vesicore 
NDA 2019/2020 
EFTA00810571
--- PAGE 21 ---
Commercial 
Product 
EFTA00810572
--- PAGE 22 ---
) and 
nd 
FC2 Female Condoms business profitable from FY 2006- 2017' 
FC2 Female Condom only FDA approved female use 
product that protects against pregnancy & STDs 
• Sold in U.S. and 149 countries 
• Manufacturing plant with 100 noon units annual capacity 
• Public sector represents approx. 90% of revenue (customers 
include UNFPA, USAID. Brazil, and South Africa( 
• FC2 business profitable from FY 2006-FY 2017' 
Global public sector revenues 
• Base revenue $14 million in FY 
2017 
• Awarded South African tender 
8/18 - should add $10.4 miEion in 
revenue/year for approx. $31 
million over 3 yeas 
veru 
Building US prescription business 
for high margin revenue 
• Working with Cardinal Distribution. 
Amerisource Bergen, McKesson. 
and Anda to support broad FC2 
pharmacy avaiability 
• Prescription business is growing 
'Forli:colvCa12wolnougt,lmcci yea 7316. prolloOlty is =eel on Vents rot income ottne,itoble to common Ilocknotder. Foe It col yaw 2017.11101n' 
rscol wof .11Chintle0e$ me l'nonCol,09" Of Aspen Nut PhoirroCeol;Oci,. 
peonl0taily 6 boyecj on opero+ro inccrne 'tom ON COmmerC101 Wren!. 
EFTA00810573
--- PAGE 23 ---
Financial highlights (in millions) 
Capitalization approximately 54.7 million' common shares outstanding as of June 30, 2018 
Balance sheet as of June 30, 2018 
• Cosh and receivables 
$9.2 
• UK NOL carryforward 
$62.2 
• US NOL carryforwarcl 
$10.5 
$10 million received In March 2018 under SWK Holdings synthetic royalty financing on FC2 
Female Condom" product sales 
Results of operations for the nine months ended June 30. 2018 
• Net revenues 
$10.7 
• Gross ptotil 
$ 5.6 
• Operating loss 
$17.1 
Results of operations for the year ended September 30, 2017 
• Net revenues 
$13.7 
• Gross atoll, 
$7.0 
• Operating loss 
$8.5 
Adittos.4 440onts reelscOef elett4 setts estl Wren,. awe outtesArtt are are, or wail rct +'airy be seedwclly ensue 
et 
'Inn 54 test Pen oyerron 
oNa.o. aSoto I Soo 'ettet Ito, SEC clocuteos14 S:e acIatcPal rtcrrnati:n 
EFTA00810574
--- PAGE 24 ---
Veru projected development milestones 
veru 
PRODUCT 
INDICATION 
2018 
2019 
2020 
PROSTATE CANCER NOVEL MEDICINES 
Zuclomlphene 
capsules 
VERU-111 (bisindole) 
capsules 
UROLOGY SPECIALTY 
Tamsulosin XR 
granules 8. capsules 
Tadalafil-lina steride 
combo tablets 
Solifenacin DRG 
granules 
Hot flashes caused by 
prostate cancer 
hormone therapy 
Metastatic prostate 
cancer 
PHARMACEUTICALS 
BPH without food 
effect 
BPH and erectile 
dysfunction 
Overactive bladder in 
patients with dysphagia 
IND 
P2 
P. 
PlID/P2 
NDA..
ND 
P3 
PoR approval 'clef), Rudy 
US launch 
NDA 
US launch 
US launch 
EFTA00810575

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810576.pdf
----------------------------------------
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
April 05. 2018 
Healthcare 
VERU 
Buy 
Initiation of Coverage 
Current Price 
$1.80 
Target Price 
$10.00 
Market Capitalization 
96.32M 
Shares Outstanding 
53.51M 
Float 
28.52M 
Institutional Holdings 
4.28% 
12-month Low/High 
$0.90f$3.00 
Average 90-day Volume 
129,981 
Fiscal Year End 
September 30 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Member FINRA and SI PC 
Equity Research 
Veru, Inc. 
Potential to Create More Value Than Meets the Eye, 
Initiating Buy $10 TP 
• 
Conclusions — We are initiating coverage with a Buy rating and $10 TP. In 
our view. Tamsulosin DRS. slow release granules, and Tamsulosin XR 
capsules have potential to be value drivers for the stock based on their 
differentiated profile including lack of food effect and use in patients with 
dysphagia. We model substantial revenues in benign prostatic hyperplasia 
(BPH) patients with dysphagia. We believe that the stock has significant 
upside potential with modest pipeline success, despite our conservative 
financial estimates. Our $10 TP is based on probability adjusted sum of 
parts valuation of Tamsulosin and 25% premium for rest of the pipeline. 
• 
Tamsulosin XR and DRS differentiated profile should drive uptake —
Tamsulosin XR and DRS would be addressing a well-defined indication with 
an established market and a medical need, and we conservatively model 
33% probability of approval and expect launch in 2020. We model peak 
sales of $886M in 2036. 
• 
VERU-944 Phase 2 expected to begin in Q318 - Phase 2 trial to study 
another 505(b)(2) candidate VERU-944 (cis-clomiphene) to treat hot flashes 
in advanced prostate cancer patients on hormone therapy is expected to 
begin in Q318 with data in O119. 
• 
VERU-111 significant potential in oncology — Veru is also preparing to 
start a Phase 1/2 open label trial to study VERU-111, a novel, taxane-like 
oral therapy for metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer (MCRPC) 
that targets both alpha and beta tubulin. Investigational New Drug (IND) 
application for VERU-111 is expected to be filed in O218 and the clinical 
trial, expected to be done in Johns Hopkins as the lead site is anticipated to 
have data in early 2019. 
Revenues (SM) 
• 
Period 
2017A 
2018E 
2019E 
O1 
O2 
O3 
O4 
$13.7 
16.1E 
25.6E 
EPS ($) 
Period 
2017A 
2018E 
2019E 
O1 
O2 
O3 
O4 
($0.25) 
($0.271E 
($0.261E 
Multiple Catalysts in next 12 months — We foresee multiple catalysts in 
next twelve months, including NDA filing for Tamsulosin, VERU-944 Phase 
initiation and data, and VERU-111 IND filing and data. Solifenacin DRG 
and TadalafillFinasteride combo capsules NDA filing is expected in 2019. 
Equity Research 
Kmr 
I' ll' 
PhD Dir 
or 
nior Bi 
hnology Analyst 
Brookline Capital Markets 
Trading: (646) 807-4124 Institutional Sales: (646) 807-4125 
www.Brooklinecapitalmarkets.com 
Refer to Page 25 for Analyst Certification & Disclosures 
EFTA00810576
--- PAGE 2 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VERWI April 05, 2018 
Portfolio Manager's Summary 
Focus on Developing Urology and Oncology Products Leveraging 505(b)(2) 
Veru is a biopharmaceutical company with a focus on developing products in 
Urology (including a female sexual health division) and Oncology. It has two 
products in the market generating revenues, a female condom and a male penile 
desensitizing wipe for premature ejaculation. These products have potentially 
large niche markets and would continue to generate revenues. Growth in 
established markets and entry into newer geographical markets in South America 
and Africa and increasing sales would ensure sustained revenue growth and a 
source of capital/expertise for portfolio products under development. 
Veru is now focusing on development of differentiated products for urology and 
cancer indications and is advancing its efforts to have a pipeline of potential 
products that can be approved by 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for 
commercializing successful products. 
Figure 1. Pipeline focus on therapeutics targeting urology and oncology 
Product 
Indication 
Target 
Proclinical 
Phase t 
Phase 2 
Phase 3 
Filing 
Marketed 
rc2 tonal* Data 
Barns 
(JdsIll apical dowel <alba:444am 
I 
Iwnwlood DAS 
at study only 
monad Odirgand 
MonalaolOtoolill 
Sups, Weans a s• 
505110 2) 
I ElPal 6 dithata 
mance taxis 
ore *woman) 
swallowing was 
Dr solution 
st 
'an 
Tama/can Xll 
super Seadmay 
Caguas 
,p,rarittrict
why axionali 
5050021 
dinaddis 01
i 
no rod:loom 
i 
Sol/demon ORG 
(_wa= tram 
OrsaaVesaa 
Tatiana Wistaria 
combo *Spada 
raw — 
(Sars 
as. 
Aqaba, STD 
arta Parana, 
lairdeffISM) 
Osman Koala. 
Saab.* M3 
I 
BE study Dan 
unnatIng 100 often 
muicata.c 
505(12X2) 
Ordafteall 
BE study only 
BAa (woo 
tx ru cum.
0—ron 
505(bX2)
Inheaon 
1.01 Nina from 
postale War 
Palmas 11 
veRdall 
swat prtstill• 
aelaa 01001.• 
tw• at*,  atm* 
Soldtword 
a • 6 Md.. 
inromor 
50ald 2) 
Source: Veru 
The most advanced products in its pipeline for 505(b)(2) approval are 
Tamsulosin DRS granules (soluble powder) and Tamsulosin XR (extended 
release capsules) for benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH) that the company is 
planning to file NDAs for in 2018. Solifenacin DRG granules are being developed 
for the indication of overactive bladder, and combination TadalafillFinasteride 
capsules for enlarged prostate and erectile dysfunction (ED), with NDA being 
EFTA00810577
--- PAGE 3 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VERWI April 05, 2018 
planned for these two products in 2019. All these products are well positioned for 
approval only after relatively straightforward pivotal bioequivalence (BE) studies. 
Veru is also initiating a Phase 2 trial to study another 505(b)(2) candidate VERU-
944 (cis-clomiphene) to treat hot flashes in advanced prostate cancer patients on 
hormone therapy with an eye for NDA in 2020. 
In addition, Veru is also preparing to start a Phase 1/2 open label trial to study 
VERU-111, a novel. taxane-like oral therapy for metastatic castration resistant 
prostate cancer (MCRPC) that targets both alpha and beta tubulin. An 
Investigational New Drug (IND) application for VERU-111 is expected to be filed 
in O218 and the clinical trial - expected to be done in Johns Hopkins as the lead 
site - is anticipated to have data in early 2019. 
The company has interest in Urology products that can be approved by the 505 
(b) (2) regulatory pathway. These drugs are already approved for other 
indications, and therefore are overall safe and efficacious with existing clinical 
data. These are good candidates for label expansion, with new formulations as 
approvals are potentially low risk and lower cost with faster path to pivotal trials. 
Tamsulosin DRS formulations to overcome disadvantages of current SOC 
for BPI-I 
Tamsulosin DRS (XR oral suspension) is 505(b)(2) candidate in an extended 
(slow) release soluble powder form for prostate gland enlargement (BPH) 
patients who have difficulties in swallowing pills due to dysphagia. BPH is a 
common old-age related condition affecting men. Based on census data there 
are '-42M men in U.S over that are age 55 and over. Based on a study published 
by Guess et. al in The Prostate Journal, the prevalence of histologically 
diagnosed BPH is 40 to 50 percent in men aged 51 to 60 and is over 80 percent 
in men older than age 80. Branded/generic Tamsulosin is approved (brand name 
as FLOMAX; available as Tamsulosin hydrochloride pills) and available for 
treatment of BPH. FLOMAX was developed by Astellas Pharma. However, many 
elderly patients, or those with neuropsychological disorders or those living with 
consequences of stroke often have dysphagia or swallowing difficulties. Up to 
50% of more of those afflicted with Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, 
stroke, or those living in long term care centers suffer from dysphagia and cannot 
therefore be treated for BPH even when an approved treatment is available. 
EFTA00810578
--- PAGE 4 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VERWI April 05, 2018 
Tamsulosin is a selective alpha 1- adrenergic blocker for alpha 1 receptors in 
prostate gland. Enlarged prostate may push against the urinary bladder and 
affect the musculature around the bladder or urethra that passes urine for 
excretion, thus resulting in reduced capacity of the bladder, pinching/constriction 
of the urethra and other mechanical issues. Tamsulosin acts by relaxing the 
smooth musculature around the bladder/prostate neck area. This helps improving 
urine flow and reducing BPH symptoms. 
Although FLOMAX is the choice alpha-blocker treatment for BPH in the elderly, 
there are several issues with the current state of treatment. FLOMAX is only 
available as a capsule and must be taken 30 minutes after meals to ensure 
optimal absorption. Fasting levels of absorption, or disintegration of the capsule 
can result from accident or nonconformance (chewing, crushing, opening of the 
capsule cover) in patients who have difficulties with instructions, and this results 
in very high absorption in a small amount of time which can have undesirable 
side effects. Since this relaxes musculature, reduction of blood flow could 
happen resulting in low blood pressure, dizziness, fainting. -15% of patients with 
BPH may also suffer from dysphagia (often resulting from neurological damage 
in conditions like Parkinson's disease, stroke) as perhaps unrelated but 
associated conditions and such patients get precluded and cannot benefit fully 
from the standard of care regimen. In these patients that cannot take capsule 
form of Tamsulosin, BPH can lead to bladder infection, sepsis and may have to 
be treated with more invasive methods like catheterization to empty the bladder 
and/or surgery. 
Tamsulosin-DRS can address a substantial market for BPH in dysphagic 
patients 
Veru's Tamsulosin-DRS is its Tamsulosin-XR (extended release formulation) in 
an oral suspension form. XR slows the release of Tamsulosin, thus reducing the 
chances of overdose related side effects. Tamsulosin XR, made into dry granules 
in a powder form that can be suspended in water (DRS formulation) and taken 
orally would allow for the medication to be taken as a liquid instead of a capsule. 
This can therefore bring in the currently underserved population of BPH + 
dysphagia patients into the fold of pharmacological intervention. This leads to 
better conformance of the patients, is more comfortable and an affordable 
solution. This would be a long-awaited solution and Veru is well positioned to 
serve the space and take advantage of this substantial market opportunity. 
EFTA00810579
--- PAGE 5 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VERWI April 05, 2018 
Bioequivalence (BE) studies show DRS to be acceptable and safe 
The XR version itself is the safer (no food effect) capsule version of Tamsulosin 
hydrochloride and should be able to gain traction in the existing BPH market that 
is served by FLOMAX capsules. Tamsulosin-DRS would extend the market for 
the first time to those who also have dysphagia. Two bioequivalence studies 
have been completed to show that the new DRS formulation (extended release 
as suspension granules) leads to similar exposure as FLOMAX. 
In a stage 1 completed study on 12 patients, single dose FLOMAX (given after 
food) was compared with Tamsulosin DRS (after food and in fasting conditions) 
and the PK pharmacokinetics analysis showed that the absorbed amounts of 
Tamsulosin DRS given without food was equivalent to FLOMAX with food. This 
means that the DRS, even when administered as an oral suspension liquid 
(which provides with conformance benefits, but also should be slowly released, 
and therefore slowly absorbed) is able to achieve a slower, optimal absorption 
because of the XR formulation equivalent to FLOMAX with food, essentially 
showing that this formulation has no food effect. 
Results of a stage 2 BE study on 36 patients for 21 days also reported 
bioequivalence between single dose Tamsulosin DRS (fed and fasted) and 
FLOMAX (fed) for measures of AUC (area under curve) but not for Cmax 
(maximum concentration in blood/plasma). AUC measures total drug exposure 
over time and is a function of absorption and elimination. Cmax is the maximum 
concentration of a drug in serum and depends on rate and extent of absorption. 
The ratio of these two measures gives a measure of absorption. The results here 
reiterate that, whereas the body gets the equivalent total amount of exposure to 
the Tamsulosin as DRS or capsule (FLOMAX), the maximum absorption (rate, 
extent) is lower for DRS suggesting a slower absorption rate or lower sustained 
exposure compared to FLOMAX capsules with food. 
Another bioequivalence study, the final one, is ongoing now (1Q18) to confirm 
that Tamsulosin XR has no food effect with an in vitro dissolution study and 
validation of stability of GMP manufactured batches. The Cmax would also be 
tested to see if there is equivalence with FLOMAX. These bioequivalence studies 
are relatively straightforward and have shown acceptable profiles compared with 
FLOMAX. Added with the definite advantages of the XR/DRS formulation 
(removal/reduction of food requirement, ease of administration and lack of side 
EFTA00810580
--- PAGE 6 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CU Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VERWI April 05, 2018 
effects), this should lead to better acceptability and therefore better market 
potential than FLOMAX capsules. Veru anticipates filing an NDA application in 
2018 based on these results. Veru has recently reported that it has received a 
waiver of $2.4M for NDA fees as a small business and it would free up resources 
for further development of pipeline programs 
Major clinical and market need for BPH patients 
FLOMAX and related generics of the alpha-blacker class enjoy a multibillion 
dollar market for BPH in US. The initial target for Tamsulosin DRS would be 
dysphagic men with BPH in long-term facilities. About 13% of FLOMAX and other 
generic markets are represented by long-term facilities. Around 3.6M new 
prescriptions are written annually for BPH patients with dysphagia. It is estimated 
that about 68% of men placed in long-term care facilities have dysphagia. In the 
US, three leading group purchasing organizations (GPOs) that manage FLOMAX 
purchasing supply for long-term facilities could be approached for Tamsulosin 
DRS to give access to this crucial patient population. Veru also plans to maintain 
pricing parity with FLOMAX, the wholesale acquisition cost (WAC) for which is 
about $730 (for 100 tablets) to gain acceptance by the medical community, 
payers and the patients. 
That XR capsule (and therefore DRS powder) has no food effect is an attractive 
proposition for urologists to write prescriptions for Tamsulosin XR capsules over 
FLOMAX, the target prescriptions for which are over 22 million/year for men who 
do not have dysphagia and '-4M prescriptions a year for about -15% patients 
who have dysphagia. This represents a market (for FLOMAX and Tamsulosin 
generics) of $3.58 in US alone (-$4.18 for all alpha-blockers), besides the ROW 
opportunity that could be even bigger. The IP exclusivity could potentially be 
enjoyed by Veru up to 2036 from the Tamsulosin franchise that it licensed from 
Ariana Therapeutics. Ariana (now Camargo) would receive $10M over three 
years after the drug has been in market for one year. Tamsulosin XR and DRS 
would be addressing a well-defined indication with an established market and a 
medical need, and we conservatively model 33% probability of approval and 
expect launch in 2020. 
Solifenacin DRG granules for overactive bladder 
Veru's urology pipeline for 505(b)(2) pathway includes solifenacin DRG granules 
for the treatment of overactive bladder (OAB). Overactive bladder is experienced 
by a sixth to a fifth of the adult US population and has a higher prevalence with 
EFTA00810581
--- PAGE 7 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CU Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEAL!) I April 05, 2018 
increasing age where the prevalence can be from a third of short-term care 
patients to over 70% of population in long-term care facilities. This causes an 
increase in the frequency of urination, lack of bladder control and urge 
incontinence or involuntary emptying of the bladder. OAB affects both men and 
women with a wide variety of causes ranging from medications, infections, 
tumors or stones. The musculature around the urinary bladder controls the urine 
flow and contracts when the bladder is full, resulting in an urge to urinate which is 
aided by the contraction of the muscles and controlled constriction of the bladder. 
In OAB, the muscles may be affected resulting in involuntary contraction of the 
muscles, thus leading to incontinence. 
Solifenacin for treating OAB 
Solifenacin succinate (trade name Vesicare) tablets are given for managing OAB 
and represent the standard of care for overactive bladder. Vesicare is marketed 
by Astellas. Solifenacin is a small molecule urinary antispasmodic that helps by 
relaxing the musculature thereby reducing the urge to pass urine. Solifenacin is a 
selective M3 muscarinic receptor antagonist. These receptors are important for 
muscle contraction and solifenacin competes with acetylcholine to bind these 
receptors, thus resulting in reduced muscle tone in the bladder. This allows for 
reduction in the urge and better retention of urine in the bladder. 
Available solifenacin formulations suffer from similar disadvantages as 
Tamsulosin in that they are available only as capsules or tablets that are to be 
taken in whole and cannot be chewed or crushed. Consequently, people who 
suffer from dysphagia (inability to swallow) remain underserved for treatment for 
OAB. In these patients, compliance is very low, and interventions include 
catheterization and wearing diapers, or surgery. 
Solifenacin DRG oral solution to treat OAB in dysphagic patients 
Veru is developing Solifenacin DRG, as a novel slow release granule formulation 
of solifenacin succinate that can be taken as an oral suspension in dysphagic 
patients with OAB. This will increase compliance in these patients who will be the 
first target population. Although solifenacin is one of the lowest cost drugs to treat 
OAB in US with an average cost of $6.8k for one successful treatment, 
solifenacin has a $1.1B market worldwide. We expect that Solifenacin-DRG can 
capture a substantial portion of the market because of its advantages over the 
solifenacin capsules. DRG formulation would not only bring in revenues from 
EFTA00810582
--- PAGE 8 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEM.I) I April 05, 2018 
treating the dysphagic OAB patients, it can be more attractive for urologists and 
patients because of improved compliance and ease of administration. 
The FDA has already confirmed one bioequivalence study as valid and Veru is 
conducting another bioequivalence study in 2018 and will use the results for 
making an NDA filing planned for early 2019. We feel that since the safety, 
indication in question and the pharmacologic solution are very well defined, and 
the market potential is not in question, solifenacin DRG has a great shot at 
approval and should lead to successful commercialization in 2020. We also note 
that since the initial target population is the same, i.e., the elderly population at 
long-term care facilities. Veru can leverage the same salesforce and marketing 
infrastructure for both of its Tamsulosin and Solifenacin product lines. 
Tadalafil/Finasteride for BPH. 
Tadalafil/Finasteride is another asset that Veru is developing for treatment of 
BPH and would utilize 505(b)(2) pathway for approval. Tadalafil and Finasteride 
are both used for BPH besides several other disease/disorder conditions. 
Tadalafil manufactured by Eli Lilly is marketed as Cialis for treatment of erectile 
dysfunction (ED) and as Adcirca for pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). The 
FDA approved Cialis for treating BPH in 2011. Finasteride (brand names: 
Proscar. Propecia) marketed by Merck is approved for treatment of enlarged 
prostate (>30 cc volume) as well as hair loss. Tadalafil can be used in 
combination with Finasteride can be used for BPH as well as to treat symptoms 
of UTI, ED in BPH patients. Tadalafil is a small molecule inhibitor for 
phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) which blocks degradation of cyclic GMP by the 
enzyme. PDE5 is present in smooth muscles and therefore could be targeted for 
treating musculature/vasculature disorders. Finasteride is a small molecule 
inhibitor of 5 alpha-reductase enzyme and exerts its action by decreasing the 
production of dihydrotestosterone (DHT). Reduction of DHT hormone may 
discourage prostatic dysplasia. 
Tadalafil/finasteride combination approved for treating BPH 
Eli Lilly completed a Phase 3 clinical trial in 2013 to study the combination of 
Tadalafil and Finasteride in patients with BPH and related clinical symptoms 
which showed that 5mg each of Tadalafil and Finasteride (once daily) showed a 
reduction in symptoms (scored by total international prostate symptom score. 
IPSS) from baseline by >5 units (at 12 weeks) whereas the placebo arm (placebo 
with 5mg Finasteride only) gave a IPSS reduction by 3.76 units. Combination 
EFTA00810583
--- PAGE 9 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of OM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEAL!) I April 05, 2018 
also showed a greater reduction on IPSS at other time frames (4.12, 26 weeks) 
as well as improvement in quality of life (IPSS-QOL) index scores and several 
international index of erectile function (IIEF) measures. 
Co-administration of Tadalafil and finasteride is approved for treating initial 
symptoms of BPH for up to 26 weeks, but compliance is an issue which could 
lead to increased urological issues like urine retention, UTI and related toxinoses 
and even death. Veru's proposition is to formulate a combination capsule to 
target patients with enlarged prostate (>30cc volume) because of BPH to achieve 
increased convenience of taking 1 pill instead of two and achieve better 
compliance. 
As discussed earlier. BPH is a very common condition and affects up to 25% of 
men and 1.1B men worldwide would suffer from BPH in 2018. FDA has reviewed 
and validated a BE study in 3O17 and a final BE study is in the offing to support 
an NDA application that is anticipated for early 2019. Other than men with BPH 
(>30cc volume), those who experience partial or suboptimal response to 
finasteride alone or tamsulosin (alone or in combination with finasteride) can 
benefit from introduction of tadalafil in their treatment in form of a tadalafil + 
finasteride combination. 
Veru seems well positioned to take advantage of this generic combination and 
the barriers to entry are very low or even non-existent. It might help Veru to 
establish itself as a leader in generic BPH medication market with this and other 
products that it plans to offer. Ensuring better compliance with an approved 
combination is an achievable goal and makes good business sense. However, 
we also note that this is not a great differentiator and the competitive space could 
get busy if this combination capsule achieves better compliance and ease over 
co-administration. It would be important on Veru's part to maintain a price parity 
with current co-administration standards. 
VERU-944 for hot flashes. 
Veru is developing VERU-944 or cis-clomiphene for treating hot flashes in men 
who are on prostate cancer hormonal therapy. There are no drugs that are 
currently approved for this indication but there is a huge number of patients who 
suffer nonetheless and represent a market ready for a new solution. 
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers and androgen deprivation 
therapy (ADT) is an established treatment that reduces the increased male 
EFTA00810584
--- PAGE 10 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of OM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VERWI April 05, 2018 
hormone (testosterone/dihydrotestosterone) levels so that they do not stimulate 
growth in prostate cancer cells. These androgens are produced in testicles, and 
reduction in their levels involves surgical or chemical/medical castration. Surgical 
castration, also called orchiectomy is done to remove testicles, whereas chemical 
castration involves administration of female hormone analogs/agonists which 
eventually results in reduction in androgens. While the exact cause is unclear, 
reduction/fluctuation in hormone levels is associated with hot flashes, or 
sensation of sudden intense warmth/heat, flushing and sweating, and '-80% of 
ADT patients are affected by episodes of hot flashes (30-40% of them moderate 
to severe) that can be uncomfortable and disruptive to normal physical wellbeing. 
Hot flashes continue to affect men even years after ADT (48% at 5 years, 40% at 
years) and as mentioned above, has no approved therapy to manage the 
condition. 
Medications like Clomid, originally approved for female fertility in 1967 are often 
used off-label for hot flashes in men associated with ADT in prostate cancer. 
Clomid (cis-clomiphene) is an oral nonsteroidal estrogen agonist and has been 
used off label in men post ADT. This can raise testosterone levels and aid in 
hormonal imbalance and has been observed to help with hot flashes. 
Clomid is a mixture of cis-and trans-isomers of clomiphene, out of which cis-
clomiphene is a better estrogen agonist than trans-clomiphene and may result in 
reducing testosterone levels (compared with clomiphene which has trans-
clomiphene in majority which might raise testosterone levels). Since ADT works 
by removal of androgens, cis-clomiphene might be better than a trans-
clomiphene heavy mixture at keeping testosterone levels low while still 
maintaining hormonal balance (and therefore help in managing hot flashes). An 
established drug and one that has proven safety and tolerability. Clomiphene has 
seen increase in its off-label use in men with over 88,000 men taking clomiphene 
in 2016. 
VERU-944 is a cis-clomiphene formulation that would be used to treat hot 
flashes. Clomid (Clomiphene) is a mixture of cis- and trans-clomiphene has 
already been in use for treating hot flashes in ADT men and VERU-944 should 
be better than Clomid because of its high estrogenic (because of cis-clomiphene 
content) lower androgenic (low amount of testosterone producing trans-
clomiphene) potential. Besides, cis-clomiphene has a higher potency and slower 
clearance. making it the choice isomer for treating hot flashes. Consequently, 
EFTA00810585
--- PAGE 11 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEM.1)1 April 05, 2018 
when commercially available, we believe that VERU-944 would be favored over 
Clomid by clinicians for its favorable properties. 
VERU-944 can tap into a substantial market 
We note that Clomid is one of the cheapest drugs in the market and is listed in 
WHO's List of Essential medicine list (as a female fertility drug) that gives it a 
credibility and a purposeful authority. The full treatment (for its intended use) runs 
to the tune of a few dollars. We believe that VERU-944 can benefit from the good 
name of Clomid and can establish a market in men with ADT from prostate 
cancer. On the other hand. we also feel that replacing Clomid, which has already 
been in off-label use, to become the new standard would take substantial efforts. 
Also, we feel that the differentiation from Clomid based on its isomer composition 
has not yet been proven without doubt to be of substantial advantage for the 
clinicians to take notice. The pricing would also have to be in line with Clomid to 
provide a worthy competition to it. Having said that, we are optimistic that VERU-
944 would find its place in the market for treating hot flashes in men, and that 
these hurdles would be dealt with well, with data and good commercialization 
efforts. 
This would be the first approved therapy for hot flashes in men on prostate 
cancer hormonal therapy. An IND is planned in 2018, followed by a Phase 2 trial 
dose finding study in 120 men. The planned 4 and 12-week endpoints to study 
efficacy should reveal dosing and clinical efficacy. We are hopeful that given the 
well-established background. VERU-944 would be successful in this regard. The 
market size for men with ADT is about 700.000 in US, and since hot flashes 
continue even after ADT for many years, VERU-944 would find chronic use. 
Even with a 30% penetration in the hormone-therapy related hot flashes, Veru 
estimates that VERU-944 could bring in -$600M annual revenues. The 
intellectual property should ensure exclusivity in US up to 2035. 
Other than hot flashes in prostate cancer related hormone therapy, VERU-944 
can find use for other indications as well. Prostate cancer is associated with high 
bone metastases and results in bone loss and bone pain. Addition of estrogen or 
estrogen agonists like cis-clomiphene can stem/slow the loss, increase bone 
mineral density, and VERU-944 could potentially be used alone or with other 
therapies like bisphosphonate or radionuclide therapy. Bone metastases related 
bone pain occurs in over 40% of prostate cancer patients and is a significant 
market upwards of a billion dollars. 
EFTA00810586
--- PAGE 12 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEAL)) I April 05, 2018 
Analyzing conservatively, we expect the first indication to be most meaningful for 
Veru and it can possibly extract market value with its new cis-formulation. To be 
considered for other indications. Veru would need to conduct clinical trials, and 
the timelines could be significantly extended. We do not feel that there are any 
useful indicators as of now for the planned entry into the bone pain space. While 
bisphosphonate therapy is associated with ONJ (osteonecrosis of the jaw) and 
estrogen therapy might avoid causing such extreme side effects, VERU-944 is 
not differentiated well enough in terms of data sufficiently to stand alone. Without 
more conclusive studies, the hope for it in the bone indication is that it will be an 
effective product that would find use in conjunction with other therapies, which 
could be a significant market for VERU-944. We will keep a close eye on 
developments in this arena but realize that it could be some time before we see 
VERU-944 for bone remineralization. 
VERU-111 is one of the most valuable assets in the pipeline 
VERU-111 is a novel small molecule in preclinical development for treatment of 
MCRPC and other taxane resistant cancers. It is an orally available small 
molecule inhibitor that can target both alpha- and beta- subunits of tubulin and 
thus would be more effective to cytotoxic tubulin inhibiting drugs like colchicine, 
vinca alkaloids and taxanes. 
Of the cytotoxic drugs used in chemotherapy, tubulin inhibitors differ from DNA-
binding drugs in that they affect microtubule formation, an important step in cell 
division. Microtubules are needed for spindle formation that is an essential step 
in cell division and are therefore these molecules are also called spindle poisons. 
Microtubules are formed by structured organization of tubulin subunits, alpha and 
beta (recently discovered gamma subunit associates with MTOC and is not a 
microtubule component). While colchicine and vinca alkaloids affect formation or 
polymerization of the microtubules, drugs of the taxane family disrupt the 
depolymerization causing shortage of soluble tubulin subunits available and 
affects the dynamicity of further microtubule formation. Whereas all three families 
of tubulin disrupters bind the beta-subunit (colchicine bind alpha: beta interface), 
VERU-111 is unique in that it can bind both alpha as well as beta subunits at the 
colchicine binding site but more tightly. 
Chemotherapy with microtubule disrupters like paclitaxel and taxotere is a major 
modality of treatment for prostate cancer and there are a few perceived 
advantages of VERU-111 to these other agents. VERU-111 is orally available 
EFTA00810587
--- PAGE 13 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEAL)) I April 05, 2018 
whereas the other microtubule disrupting therapies are available in IV form only. 
Secondly, VERU-111 binds to both alpha and beta subunits of tubulin and is 
likely to be more effective than the beta-binders. VERU-111 is not a substrate for 
multiple drug resistance mechanisms that plague the chemo therapy drugs like 
docetaxel (taxotere) which is an important first-line chemotherapy drug for 
Prostate cancer. Also. as a novel target, alpha-subunit targeting by this new 
class of inhibitors may reverse resistance against existing tubulin inhibitors and 
other chemotherapeutic agents in general. This is even more important since the 
established second line androgen-targeting drugs in use for Prostate cancer, the 
likes of Xtandi (enzalutamide) and Zytiga (abiraterone/prednisone) have a very 
high degree of cross resistance and cannot be used in sequence for a long-term 
management strategy for Prostate cancer. Xtandi (AstelllaslPfizer), approved for 
treatment of metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC) is a 
nonsteroidal antiandrogen and acts as an orally delivered antagonist of androgen 
receptor (AR, overexpressed in prostate cancer) and inhibits downstream 
signaling. However, resistance to the drug develops rather quickly through a 
variety of mechanisms including mutations in androgen receptor. Besides. 
Enzalutamide induces cytochrome P450 enzymes (enzymes 34A, 2C9, 2C19 
and 1A2; and metabolized by 2C8) leading to reduction of its active 
concentrations. Zytiga (abiraterone; Janssen) with prednisone is another 
approved orally administered therapy for metastatic Prostate cancer. It is 
delivered as a prodrug (abiraterone acetate) that is metabolized into the 
abiraterone (the active compound) and inhibits androgen production by inhibiting 
Cytochrome P450-17A enzyme. Again, resistance develops almost as a rule, and 
unfortunately, most patients who receive one of these therapies do not respond 
to the other drug as well. 
Several advantages of VERU-111, potential for market and indication 
expansion 
Preclinical studies presented by Veru, showed a few advantages compared to 
Docetaxel. Oral administration of VERU-111 shows comparable tumor inhibition 
with IV administered Docetaxel in PC3 prostate cancer cell xenograft model. In a 
xenograft model with Taxol-resistant PC3 cells, more than 6x inhibition was seen 
with VERU-111 with better safety profile in animals. While in vitro inhibition was 
in PC3 cells was seen at 5.2 nM of VERU-111. comparable inhibition with 
Docetaxel was better at 1.2 nM, however, much better in vitro tumor inhibition 
was seen when taxol-resistant PC3 cells were tested with comparable inhibition 
EFTA00810588
--- PAGE 14 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VERWI April 05, 2018 
seen at 2.1 nM of VERU-111 and 18 nM of Docetaxel. This suggests that VERU-
111 could potentially be used for tumors resistant to other chemotherapy 
interventions, and its binding to alpha-tubulin in addition to beta could be the key 
to breakdown resistance. Adding to its value proposition are its high oral 
bioavailability, availability across the blood brain barrier (can potentially be used 
for primary tumors or metastases in brain), a good safety profile and that it is not 
a substrate for CYP34A (metabolizes docetaxel/paclitaxel) or MDR (multiple drug 
resistance) proteins, factors that would drive VERU-111's entry and success in 
the huge Prostate cancer-treatment chemotherapy market where Docetaxel 
alone earned -$2.2B in 2012.with generics market growing ever since. It can 
potentially be used with or in lieu of vinca alkaloids as well, and in different 
indications, and Veru would seek these indication expansions in time. Xtandi and 
Zytiga both have multibillion dollar markets. 
We believe that VERU-111 could easily achieve indication expansion and can be 
used in other indications and can possibly be used singly and/or in combination. 
While it is still in preclinical studies. VERU-111, in our view has a very promising 
path ahead if it shows safety and efficacy in the Phase 1/2 trials that are in the 
offing. IND submission is planned for mid-2018. We assume the application 
would be successful in leading the company to the Phase 1/2 studies later in 
2H18 where the company plans to enroll MCRPC patients who have progressed 
on Xtandi or Zytiga with or without taxane, as well as patients with taxane-
resistant cancers of breast, endometrium and ovaries. 
Several events in 2018 to raise interest 
In the near term, we see several events in the near horizon that could boost 
Veru's profile and make a good case for early entry into sharing its business to 
reap benefits. For Tamsulosin DRS/XR, we could see completion of the final 
bioequivalence study, followed by an NDA for US and a Marketing Authorizing 
Application (for UK) submission, with launches planned for 2019.For Solifenacin 
DRG and Tadalafil-Finasteride, the bioequivalence studies could be completed 
giving supportive data for their respective NDAs and MAAs in 2019. We note that 
while we are enthusiastic about the success of the BE studies, and share the 
optimism with the company that FDA would accept and act on the BE data for 
approval, it is not outside of realm of possibility that FDA may require more data 
or ask Veru to conduct full-scale clinical studies which could push timelines for 
approval and commercialization. For VERU-944, we anticipate an IND approval 
EFTA00810589
--- PAGE 15 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEM.I) I April 05, 2018 
making way for a Phase 2 trial. For VERU-111, the road is a little longer, but we 
can see a start with an IND followed by initiation of Phase 1/2 trials in 2018. 
Figure 2: Multiple catalysts in 2018 and 2019 
2018 
• Grow US business 
FC2 
• Grow restlic sector• secure new Brat) 
and S. Atrcan tenders 01 d 02 
2019 
• Explore sttalegic alternative. 
Tarroulosb ORS BXR 
capsules- RPM 
• 
• 
• 
Compete BE study 01 
Frie NON 02 
Cornplete Nanny on manufactured 
batches 0203 months) 
• 
• 
• 
Launch n US 1N 
Launch n Eu 2fri 
Continue Seeking aarawship dealt 
• PartnerUS and ROW 
• Meet EMA 02 and Ale ANA 04 
• BE study 03 
• PreNDA meearq 01 and NDA 03 
• 
ScifinwinDRO 
pantiles -0AB 
Partner US and ROW 
• Catlett stabaly on manufactured 
batches QS months) 
• Meet EMA 0 I and MM 02 
• Continue partnetehipdeab 
• BE study 02 
• PreNDA meeting 01 and NDA 02 
ladalafff Inasterlde comto•prostate 
eolamemem and ED 
• Partner US and ROW 
• Comp** stabary on manufactured 
batches (ansaren) 
• Meet Earn Ol and MM 02 
• Continue partnership cleats 
• IND 01 
• Comte* Flian2 0 i 
VERU-944- hex flashes In men on ADT 
• Initiate Nava oinical trial 02 
• inflate Phase 302 
• Seek Pannenteps 
• INO 02 
• Complete Phase1/2 
VERu-111 
• Inmate Phase 1/2- prostate and other 
• Innate Phase203 
cancers 02/3 at Hopkins 
• See large puma pat tner 
Source: Veru 
Other pipeline programs 
We note here that the other programs at Veru for VERU-722 [a 505(b)(2) 
candidate) for male infertility and VERU-112 for gout could see acceleration of 
their development with cash injunctions that could see decline in company value. 
PREBOOST for premature ejaculation in market 
On the other hand, female and male sexual health products have been bringing 
in valuable revenues for Veru and would continue to do so in the foreseeable 
future. Its product PREBOOST is a wipe with 4% benzocaine for topical 
application to prevent premature ejaculation by providing temporary 
desensitization of penis. While there are several pharmacological interventions 
available that address PE and associated problems like ED, PREBOOST has a 
couple of advantages in that it does not have to be taken orally and is available 
as a targeted topical application thus avoiding the potential side effects of the 
EFTA00810590
--- PAGE 16 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEIV.1)1 April 05, 2018 
oral drugs. This just causes a temporary desensitization given its anesthetic 
effects and acts closer to the problem without affecting the sensation of pleasure 
or the ability to attain orgasm, compared to other applications that are systemic 
and may have inhibitory effects on sex drive and libido besides other unpleasant 
side effects. 
In a Phase 4 study in 21 men, PREBOOST has shown to significantly improve 
the control over ejaculation over placebo, with an over four-minute mean 
increase in duration in two months. 80% of men were considered treated for 
premature ejaculation and it met both primary (improvement in intravaginal 
ejaculatory latency time) as well as secondary (assessed by questionnaires on 
global rating of distress, medication assessment and index of premature 
ejaculation, IPE) outcomes. 
Launched in 2017, this is an OTC product and should not be compared with 
other drugs in the space but drives revenues nonetheless. Veru shares 
distribution and promotion rights for PREBOOST in US with its partner, Timm's 
Medical Technologies. 
FC2 is the only FDA approved female condom. Strong revenues globally 
and rising. 
Its subsidiary the Female Health Company markets the FC2, a female condom 
for prevention of pregnancy and STDs in US and 144 other countries. This is a 
very successful product that made -$14M in revenues in 2017, with -90% of 
coming from public sector buyers who are stakeholders in public and global 
healthcare like UNFPA. USAID and Governments of Brazil and South Africa. 
Manufactured in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia with a capacity of 100M units/year, FC2 
already has and anticipates large orders that would bring in revenues in the 
coming years. FC2 is the only FDA-approved female condom as of now was 
launched in US in April 2017 and is already experiencing stronger revenues in 
US in FY18 ($1.5M in first 4 months) and plans to keep up with demands and 
selling by hiring salesforce and medical representatives this year. This is a strong 
area of growth that Veru has already established leadership in, and we expect 
the demand and commercialization to trend higher in the near future. Currently 
classified as a Type 3 medical device by FDA with more stringent review 
requirements that discourages other brands/companies to enter this space, FC2 
currently enjoys a unique place of being the only approved product in the market, 
EFTA00810591
--- PAGE 17 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VERWI April 05, 2018 
and one that is available only by prescription. Most insurance companies cover 
the use of FC2. 
While this is beneficial for Veru at present as the exclusivity drives higher prices, 
it could change in future as there have been calls for reclassification to Type 2 as 
well as making this an OTC product. We feel that in the time to come, the FDA 
would come to reclassify the product category to Type 2, and broaden its use as 
an internal, rather than a female condom, thus rightfully acknowledging its use for 
anal sex and for sex between male partners. This would bring in more 
competition, but Veru would be well placed as an already established and 
recognized product. As a prescription-required object, it is enjoying exclusivity, 
premium pricing and insurance coverage, and even it FC2 is made into an OTC 
again because of market pressures, it could still benefit as a well-established 
product and bring revenues from serving a higher volume of demand. 
EFTA00810592
--- PAGE 18 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEAL!) I April 05, 2018 
Company Description 
Veru (VERU) is a biopharmaceutical company with a focus on developing 
products in Urology (including a female sexual health division) and Oncology. It 
has two products in the market generating revenues, a female condom and a 
male penile desensitizing gel for premature ejaculation. Veru is now focusing on 
development of differentiated products for urology and cancer indications and is 
advancing its efforts to have a pipeline of potential products that can be approved 
by 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for commercializing successful products. The 
most advanced products in its pipeline for 505(b)(2) approval are Tamsulosin 
DRS granules (soluble powder) and Tamsulosin XR (extended release capsules) 
for benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH) that the company is planning to file NDAs 
for in 2018. Solifenacin DRG granules are being developed for the indication of 
overactive bladder, and combination Tadalafil/Finasteride capsules for enlarged 
prostate and erectile dysfunction (ED), with NDA being planned for these two 
products in 2019. Veru is also initiating a Phase 2 trial to study another 505(b)(2) 
candidate VERU-944 (cis-clomiphene) to treat hot flashes in advanced prostate 
cancer patients on hormone therapy with an eye for NDA in 2020. In addition, 
Veru is also preparing to start a Phase 1/2 open label trial to study VERU-111, a 
novel, taxane-like oral therapy for metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer 
(MCRPC) that targets both alpha and beta tubulin. An Investigational New Drug 
(IND) application for VERU-111 is expected to be filed in O218 and the clinical 
trial is anticipated to have data in early 2019. 
We Value Veru Using a Sum of Parts Valuation 
We value Veru based on a sum of parts valuation of the commercial potential of 
Tamsulosin DRS granules (soluble powder) and Tamsulosin XR in benign 
prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). We estimate revenues, COGS, R&D expenses and 
SG&A for the indication and calculate profit after tax until 2036 when Tamsulosin 
patents are expected to expire. We calculate NPV based on the profit after tax. 
We assume 33% probability of success for Tamsulosin in BPH. We assume 10% 
peak penetration and conservatively assume a price of $2,200 per year in 2020 
when we expect Tamsulosin to be launched for BPH. 
We apply a discount rate of 10% to our net present value calculations on top of 
the probability adjustments we apply to account for the development risks 
associated with these programs. We include a valuation of $107M based on 25% 
pipeline premium for the rest of the pipeline to reach our $10.00 target price. 
EFTA00810593
--- PAGE 19 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEAL)) / April 05, 2018 
Figure 3: Veru BioPharma Sum of Parts Valuation 
TAMSULOSIN DRS(XR 
Pipeline premium 25% 
Sum of Parts Value (SM) 
NPV per share 
Expected 
Launch 
Probability of 
Peak Market Peak Sales 
Probability 
Success 
Share 
(SM) 
adjusted NPV 
2020E 
33% 
10% 
S886 
5429 
$107 
5536 
510 
Source: Brookline Capital Markets Estimate 
Risks 
Veru is facing clinical, regulatory and reimbursement risks that are common in 
drug development. If these risks are greater than our expectations then the share 
price may not meet our target price. 
Developmental Risk 
Veru must complete bioequivalence and stability studies for some of the drugs 
being developed under the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. Some of these studies 
may not be successful or may be delayed. There is a possibility that some of the 
drugs under development may fail to meet efficacy and safety requirements in 
clinical trials. There is a lot of variability in patients being treated for various 
indications and, therefore predicting the outcome of clinical trials is inherently 
difficult. 
Regulatory Risk 
Veru is utilizing the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for getting its products 
approved by the FDA. While this pathway is comparatively shorter for approval 
as these drugs are already approved for other indications and therefore are 
overall safe and efficacious with existing clinical data, several risks remain 
including the inability to show bioequivalence. lack of long term stability of the 
drug product etc. These new formulations are potentially low risk and lower cost 
with a faster path to pivotal trials, but there is a possibility for regulatory 
authorities to require additional trials. 
Commercial Risk 
Veru shares distribution and promotion rights for PREBOOST in US with its 
partner, Timm's Medical Technologies. It is also marketing FC2 female condoms. 
It must participate in tender process and be successful to generate revenues 
EFTA00810594
--- PAGE 20 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEM.I) I April 05, 2018 
incremental for its FC2 female condoms. Veru will need to obtain pricing and 
reimbursement approvals following regulatory approval of it new products. 
Intellectual Property Risk 
Veru has filed patent applications covering Tamsulosin. Once granted, the patent 
protections are expected to last from the priority date to 2036. Veru does not 
have any issued patent for Tamsulosin. There are risks involved with patent 
prosecution and some of the patent applications may be rejected or limited 
claims may be allowed. 
EFTA00810595
--- PAGE 21 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru. Inc. (VERU)I April 05, 2018 
Financials 
Figure 4: Veru Annual P&L ($) 
Fiscal Year entities September 30 
■ 
2017 
MU 
20198 
10201 
20211 
20221 
20231 
20211 
Revenues: 
■ 
TaUSQ1.0541 ORS .ore0.14477 acIP4414 ) 
SO 
$21.301.450 
132,591219 
144.324.05E 
556,513,174 
569.172 124 
Revenues from The Fern8e Hear, Company 
513.656592 
516.119.772 
525.551.596 
526.829.178 
19.170837 
529.579.168 
531.058,127 
532,611.033 
Tots revenues 
113466492 116.119272 
525.561.596 
149.139421 
144.761.866 
573.903.226 
117.571401 
S101.713.158 
Operating doneness: 
Cost of pats soli 
56.636.060 
57.497,827 
$11313,735 
513,406.494 
114.158,054 
115.822,620 
517712397 
$18.459,682 
Researe1, a-4 et.tiovnere 
53504482 
18.787423 
510,544,907 
512,653.615 
115.167666 
$18221599 
$21,865,919 
526.239,103 
Acivert669 
554270 
12.947697 
$3,006.651 
13,1166.764 
13.128.120 
53.190,682 
13,254,496 
$3.319,586 
Stang. genera: 501 63—carathe 
511,019.091 116,223,901 
$17846.291 
536,130.920 
139.744.012 
$43.718.413 
548,090,255 
$52.899,280 
flusr.els aceuseon 
$935.781 
Total operating expenses 
122.149.794 $36466.848 
143.151.584 
14546RM 
172.644.862 
510,963.315 
$90,323,067 
1100.917,650 
Operating (loss) income 
(19.494.112) ($19.337.471) 
017499.946) 
(117,12741591(111.582.9%) 
dr.eso.oes) 
152.751,766) 
sass,sor 
Other income (expense' 
Merest and other (excense. more. not 
($46,543) 
(154277) 
($55.363) 
($56.470) 
($57.600) 
(558.752,
(150.927) 
($461.125) 
Foreir curre-cy tansecton roes. peal 
(161.1n6) 
($220,321) 
6224.7271 
(1229222) 
45233606) 
15238,4821 
1$243,2521 
(5248,117) 
loth alter expenses 
($106.378) 
($274,598) 
11280.0901 
($285,692) 
($291,406) 
($297.234) 
15303,1781 
(5309242) 
Matto's/Income 
(18442499) (119.611474) 
017490.076) 
(SI/413.16H (512.174.402)
157.347.323) 
113454.946) 
5566,266 
Income tax (benefn) expense 
(11.910.44.1) (13.246.963) 
Net income (loss) 
(16412.447) (116.365.621) 
017.800.076) 
(517.413.1911 (112.174492)
117.347,323) 
113.564.946) 
1561266 
Net k.ss per share 
0025/ 
(SO 27) 
261 
($0241 
(50 16) 
(10 09) 
(10.041 
SO 01 
Share% autstamang. bssc and darted 
34.640.306 61,515,637 
67,472,723 
71.846.359 
75438677 
79,210,611 
83171,141 
87,329,896 
Source: Company reports, Brookline Capital Markets Estimate 
Figure 5: Veru Quarterly P&L ($) 
Fiscal Year ending September 30 
Dec 31 
Mar 31 
June 30 
Sep 30 
2017 
Ct1:18E 
02:18E 
0118E 
04:18E 
2018E 
Revenues: 
TANSel.059 DRS (Orobabirty adjusted) 
Revenues from The Female Health Company 
$13,655,592 
52.588,613 
$3,103,938 
$4,345,510 
$6,083,714 
516, 119.772 
Total revenues 
$13,666,592 
$2,586,613 
$3,103,936 
$4,346,510 
$6,083,714 $16,119,772 
Operating expenses: 
Cost or coos sold 
56,636.080 
$1,272,574 
61,427,810 
51.998.935 
52,798,508 
57,497,827 
Research and development 
53,504,482 
52,038,786 
$2,140,725 
S2,247,762 
12.360.150 
$8,787,423 
Advertising 
$54270 
62,947,697 
$2,947,697 
Selina. general and administrative 
$11,019,091 
53,764,137 
$3,952,344 
64.149.961 
64.357.459 616,223.901 
Business acouston 
3935,781 
Total operating expenses 
$22,149,704 
$10,023,194 
$7,620,880 
58.396,667 
59416,117 535,466,848 
Operating (loss) income 
($8,494,112) 
($7,436,681) 
($4,416,944) 
($4,061,147) 
(S3f0 /103) (519,337,076) 
Other income (expense) 
Interest and other (expense) income, net 
($46,543) 
(613,189) 
($13,432) 
($13,701) 
(513.975) 
(554277) 
Foreign currency transaction (loss) Rain 
(56t.835) 
(553,455) 
(354,524) 
(555,615) 
(556.727) 
(3220,321) 
Total other expenses 
($108.378) 
(566.624) 
(567,956) 
(369.316) 
(370.702) 
(5274.598) 
Net Lossfincome 
(58,602,490) 
(57,603,206) 
($4,484,900) 
($4,120,463) 
($3,603,106) ($19,611,874) 
Income tax (benefit) expense 
(51,990,443) 
($3,246,663) 
($3,246,063) 
Net income (loss) 
($6,612,047) 
(54257,152) 
($4,484,900) 
($4,120,463) 
($3,503,105) ($16,365,621) 
Net loss per share 
(5025) 
(50.08) 
(50.08) 
(50.07) 
(50.06) 
(50.27) 
Shares outstanding, basic and dieted 
34,640,308 
53,154,076 
56,343,321 
59,723,920 
63,307,355 
61,515,837 
Source: Company reports, Brookline Capital Markets Estimate 
EFTA00810596
--- PAGE 22 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEAL)) l April 05, 2018 
Figure 6: Tamsulosin Market Model 
5$13E 
34456 1wE 
26211 
SOX 
312E 
3164 
MME 
MME 
UM 
Xs* 
263E 
11132 
034 
M3M 
34331 
24345 
10310 
SOW 
non •44 tt. &NS:Hi Men) 
4) 
SO 
S5 
SI 
, 
lg. Pr....once 
4144 
0% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
43% 
0% 
0% 
13% 
41% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
45% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
PrOtittf • I ra0, 4 , 
It 
% of cowl/ owl 004442 
in 
13% 
FS% 
0% 
IS% 
in 
0% 
45% 
9% 
IS% 
IS% 
in 
0% 
IS% 
IA 
15% 
IS% 
in 
In 
("Avis Warta f: r Tale-M.0,A DRS 1)004 
1100 
2677 
2134 
2.110 
SASS 
3314 
300 
SIM 
124 
1370 
342 
3107 
3.5/7 
364 
1721 
3766 
3171 
Shil 
4.02 
lAttrit CA" CRS Premix., 
isorNACSh DC/See...4 oaten 
0T 
10% 
3121 
I3% 
4400 
20% 
61.052 
13% 
77142 
30% 
952711 
33% 
03311 
4* 
12211 
40% 
2022 
:EX 
21642 
it 0% 
20120 
90% 
321107 
100% 
)4.64 
100% 
1/2 03 
100% 
379.5$6 
103 
747.140 
100% 
*IAN 
100% 
402.797 
ia✓y,LO5a. COS strut( ow 
12.201 
12.201 12203 52210 
1220) 
52210 
52,240
12200 
1220) 
5210) 
12200 
52200 
42210 
52210 
12200 
5220) 
52.200 
12200 
12200 
ruasoL094 MS revenue* 112 
KI 
546 
5443 
501 
5171 
1210 
5249 
5327 
1415 
lea 
%I, 
roe 
MI 
190 
SUS 
122 
5666 
COG311M1 
SO 
115 
SIO 
111 
516 
122 
126 
13! 
636 
140 
14, 
542 
SO 
SO 
144 
SILO CiMP 
SS 
SS 
SS 
SS 
SS 
SS 
SS 
SS 
SS 
IS 
SS 
166.4(1111 
144 
551 
ISS 
/44 
NI 
104 
VP 
PS 
174 
VS 
I* 
114 
VA 
WI 
199 
004 
5109 
tow tip/49es (12 
SS 
I* 
562 
567 
171 
579 
SU 
SOS 
RI4 
MS 
III) 
SIX 
51)1 
512 
1141 
51St 
SISI) 
ma Pro* Mil 
16) 
(5S) 
SS 
636 
SP 
SOO 
1433 
SW 
Me 
1347 
342 
5604 
SS* 
5672 
5643 
Si 
VMS 
1116 
3327 
Opeastwq *wpm 
10% 
37% 
50% 
56% 
Si% 
V% 
73% 
16% 
40% 
12% 
OM 
Si% 
SI% 
63% 
63% 
42% 
62% 
PION IPA) 
I* 
06) 
* 
DI 
SO 
1106 
542 
121 
RA 
SUP 
1434 
1604 
SUS 
1617 
242 
NW 
2204 
RS 
star 
Taw Rare 
30% 
X% 
X% 
X% 
X% 
X% 
X% 
X% 
X% 
)0% 
30% 
X% 
X% 
30% 
1011 
X% 
30% 
430% 
19.44 (111 
010% (5202) 02991 0406) 06641 07161 (51042) (512721 015111 IMMO 029161 020491 112012) 021151 021491 1121601 
ROM Ow. W IVA% 
11641 
062 
963 
936.4 
WI 
MO 
KU 
$1172 
$147.2 
1243.1 MU 
Ma 
USA 
500.4 
WU 
MU 
UNA 
SIMS 
1641.7 
SPY*. 1.W14021 1W) Het clistowd 
• a% I 
$1IX* 
11/4 0.011RY CA sun.** 
33% 
Pr Obitateocipened SPY 
141 
WM Del Owe 
111 
Source: Company reports, Brookline Capital Markets Estimate 
EFTA00810597
--- PAGE 23 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru. Inc. (VERU) I April 05, 2018 
Figure 7: Veru Balance Sheet ($) 
2017 
2018E 
2019E 
2020E 
2021E 
2022E 
2023E 
2024E 
Curren sssss tar 
Cash 
53,277,602 
524.518.939 
534,927.895 
$45,852,782 
542,657.195 
548,581248 
559,977.307 
576664,144 
Accounts receivable 
53.555.350 
hvenlory, net 
52.767.924 
Prepaid expenses 
5897.097 
$731952 
$788,549 
$808,977 
5847 326 
5889.692 
$934.177 
$980885 
TOW current assets 
510.297.973 
$26248891 
535.696.444 
546.659.769 
$43.704.520 
549.470.940 
560.911.484 
577.638029 
Rant and equebent net 
$555.539 
4583.316 
5612.482 
$643.106 
5675.261 
$709.024 
$744,475 
$781,699 
Other trade receivables 
57.837,600 
08229375 
58644644 
59,072.888 
59,524530 
$10,002,857 
510,503.000 
511,028150 
Other assets 
$156.431 
5184253 
$172,465 
$161,088 
5190.143 
5199.650 
5209.633 
$220.114 
Deterred neon/ taxes 
58.827.000 
hungbie assets. net 
$20,752,991 
521.790.841 
022.880,173 
524.024.181 
325225.390 
528.488.860 
027.810.993 
029.201.542 
Goodwal 
56.878.932 
57222,879 
$7,584,023 
57,963.224 
56.361.385 
58,779.454 
$9218,427 
59.879.348 
TOW assets 
$55,306,366 
$63239.363 
575.586,430 
188.544.244 
187,683,230 
$95,648,585 
5109,396,011 
5124545683 
Current liabilities: 
Accounts payable 
$2,685,718 
52.820,004 
52.961.004 
$3,109,054 
53264,507 
$3.427.732 
$3,599,119 
53,779.075 
Unearned revenue 
$1,014,517 
$1,065,243 
$1,118,505 
51.174.430 
51233.152 
51294.809 
51.359.560 
$1.427.527 
ACCTUal expenses end other current bates 51.441.359 
51.513.427 
51.589,098 
51.668,553 
$1.751.981 
$1939.580 
$1,931.559 
52.028137 
Accrued ceepernaton 
$345.987 
$383286 
5341.451 
5400.523 
5420.549 
5441.577 
5464656 
5486.838 
TOW current liabilities 
15487.681 
$5,761.960 
$6.050.058 
$6.352.661 
56,670.189 
57.003,696 
$7141)101
57.721.678 
Ober isbanes 
51.233.750 
51.295.438 
51,360209 
51.428.220 
51.494631 
51.574.612 
51.653.343 
$1,736.010 
Deferred rent 
$131830 
5134422 
$145,343 
$152.610 
5160.240 
5163.252 
$176,865 
$185.498 
TOW liabilities 
16.863.161 
57.195.819 
57.656.610 
57.933.391 
$8,330.060 
58.746,563 
59.183.891 
59,643.086 
Stockholders' e0uity 
Comron snares 
$554922 
$809,314 
5870248 
$737,270 
5810,997 
$892,097 
$981.307 
51,079437 
AdditiOnalpaid-6 rumen 
590.550.669 
5107.577.558 5136,917,063 $161.604.474 $167.820.386 
$178.143.083 
$190.809.706 
5206.088245 
Accumulated Ws* consirehensive kiss 
(581.519) 
Acoemulated *fief 
(534,263262) (552.143,338) (549.558.489) (581.730.891) t589,078,213) ($92133.158) (591,576.892) 
(584.264.888) 
Treasury stock. al cost 
'57.808.6051 (57.806.605) (57.806.605) 
(57.806.605) 
(57 806.665) 
(57,806,605) 
(57.805805) 
(57.806605) 
TC4Ill stroCkhotlert eouly 
548.453205 
556.013.534 
568,030.820 
580.610.854 
579.353.170 
586.902.022 
$100.214.120 
$118.902.797 
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 555,306,36 
$63,239.353 
$75,584.430 
$88444244 187,683230 
$95.648.685 
5109.396,011 
1128645983 
Source: Company reports, Brookline Capital Markets Estimate 
EFTA00810598
--- PAGE 24 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VERWI April 05, 2018 
References: 
1. 
httpslAvww.statista.comistatistics/2414881population-of-the-us-by-sex-and-age/ 
2. Guess HA, Arrighi HM, Metter EJ. Fozard JL. Cumulative prevalence of prostatism matches the autopsy 
prevalence of benign prostatic hyperplasia. Prostate. 1990:17(3):241-6. 
Public Companies Mentioned in this Report: 
Astellas Pharma (ALPMY — NR - $15.00) 
Eli Lilly (LLY — NR - $78.60) 
Merck & Co (MRK -NR-$54.54) 
Pfizer Inc. (PFE -NR-$36.13) 
Johnson & Johnson. (JNJ -NR-$130.41) 
EFTA00810599
--- PAGE 25 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEIV.1)1 April 05, 2018 
Important Disclosures and Disclaimers 
Distribution: 
This report and all information contained within is intended for qualified institutional or professional clients 
of Brookline Capital Markets and qualified prospective institutional clients and is not meant for 
redistribution. The contents of this report represent the views, opinions, and analyses of its author. The 
information contained herein does not constitute financial, legal, tax or any other advice. All third party 
data presented herein were obtained from publicly available sources which are believed to be reliable: 
however, Brookline makes no warranty, express of implied, concerning the accuracy or completeness of 
such information. In no event shall Brookline be responsible or liable for the correctness of, or update to, 
any such material or for any damage or lost opportunities resulting from use of this data. 
Analyst Certification: 
I, Kumaraguru Raja, hereby certify that the views expressed in the foregoing research report accurately 
reflect my personal views about the subject securities and issuer(s) as of the date of this report. I further 
certify that my compensation is not directly, or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views 
contained in this report. 
Financial Interests: 
The analyst, Kumaraguru Raja, has no financial interest in the debt or equity securities of the subject 
company of this report. Further, no member of his household has any financial interest in the securities of 
the subject company. Neither the analyst, nor any member of his household is an officer, director, or 
advisory board member of the issuer(s) or has another significant affiliation with the issuer(s) that is the 
subject of this research report. The analyst has not received compensation from the subject company. At 
the time of this research report, the analyst does not know or have reason to know of any other material 
conflict of interest. 
Brookline Capital Markets 
Brookline Capital Markets is a division of CIM Securities, LLC. Brookline Capital Markets is a member of 
FINRA and SIPC. Brookline does not make a market in the securities mentioned in this report, and does 
not have an ownership interest in the securities. Brookline intends to solicit investment banking business 
from the subject company in the next three months. Brookline has not managed or co-managed a public 
offering for the subject company, nor received compensation for investment banking activity from the 
subject company in the 12 months prior to publication. 
Definitions of ratings: 
Buy: Potential returns of more than 15% above current market price 
EFTA00810600
--- PAGE 26 ---
BROOKLINE 
CAPITAL MARKETS 
A Division of CIM Securities 
Veru, Inc. (VEM.1)1 April 05, 2018 
Hold: Potential for the securities to decline or appreciate less than 15% 
Sell: Potential for the securities to decline more than 15% from current market price 
Total companies covered: 9. % of Buy recommendations: 100. % of Hold recommendations: 0. % of Sell 
recommendations: 0. 
EFTA00810601

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810602.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-RBR 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
CHAPTER 11 
Debtor. 
INTERVENOR-VICTIMS M., M.. AND 
RESPONSE TO JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO TAKE THEIR DEPOSITIONS AND TO COMPEL THEIR 
MENTAL EXAMINATIONS 
Intervenors 
M., and "
" (hereinafter collectively "the Victims"), 
proceeding pseudonymously, having previously been allowed to intervene in this action, and 
having participated in the Court's hearings on these matters, now respond to Epstein's motion to 
compel their depositions and to compel their mental examinations. Epstein's motion, filed by a 
man who repeatedly sexually abused the victims, is obviously designed to do little more than harass 
the them. This is a summary contempt proceeding, caused by contumacious behavior by Epstein 
and his attorneys. The Court should allow Epstein to use his own misconduct as a way to facilitate 
harassing the victims. Accordingly, the Court should deny his motion in all respects. 
INTRODUCTION 
As explained in their motion to intervene, the Victims were all repeatedly sexually abused 
by Epstein when they were under the age of eighteen. Specifically, Epstein began sexually 
assaulting ■. 
when she was thirteen years old and continued to molest her on more than fifty 
occasions over three years. DE 6344 at 3. Similarly, Epstein also sexually assaulted.., 
beginning when she was fourteen years old and continued to do so on numerous occasions. Id. 
EFTA00810602
--- PAGE 2 ---
And Epstein sexually assaulted 
on multiple occasions, beginning when she was fourteen 
years old. Id. 
Later, as litigation developed from Epstein's sexual abuse, confidential materials were at 
issue before this Court. In contravention of this Court's order, Epstein's counsel Fowler White 
retained a copy of confidential materials related to the Victims. Id. at 5-6. And ultimately, through 
machinations yet to be fully explained, it appears that confidential information about the Victims 
contained in those materials was transmitted to Epstein. 
In these contempt proceedings, the three Victims all successfully sought intervention to 
seek damages from Epstein and his attorneys. This Court then requested that the Victims file a 
summary of their damages. DE 6427. Pursuant to that directive, the Victims then filed what they 
believed to be adequate extension and summary of their damages request, suggesting that a 
presumptive minimum amount might be an appropriate way of assessing their damages in this case 
due to Epstein's improper retention of confidential materials. DE 6384. Epstein then contested 
the presumptive approach, arguing that the Victims could only proceed if they alleged specific 
actual damages. DE 6393 at 1. As part of his argument, Epstein moved to strike the Victims' 
summary, leading this Court to deny the motion while allowing the victims to supplement their 
summary to respond to the arguments made by Epstein. DE 6427. Thereafter, the victims filed a 
further Summary of Damages, alleging significant emotional distress. DE 6432. 
After the victims filed their summary, Epstein did not file any answer or response, even 
though Epstein had previously filed a detailed Response in Opposition to Bradley Edwards' and 
Farmer Jaffe's Summaries of Damages for violation of the same order from this Court. See DE 
6394. Accordingly, unlike the damages sought by Mr. Edwards which Epstein has specifically 
contested, as of this time Epstein has not specifically contested the damages sought by the Victims. 
EFTA00810603
--- PAGE 3 ---
Instead, Epstein has now filed a sprawling Motion to Take the Intervenors' Depositions 
and to Compel Their Mental Examinations (DE 6440), raising a variety of issues, several of which 
have previously been decided and all of which lack merit. 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
The Victims' Summary of Damaees Is Consistent with this Court's November 2010 
Agreed Order. 
Epstein first alleges that the Victims' summary of damages somehow is unrelated to the 
Court's November 2010 Order forbidding Epstein and his lawyers from retaining copies of the 
Victims' confidential materials. DE 6440 at 3. But as the materials cited by Epstein himself make 
clear, the issue currently before the Court is whether there was a breach of the Court's order and 
"what are the actual damages resulting from that breach." (Aug. 17, 2018, Tr. at 18 (emphasis 
added)). 
Obviously, the Victims are alleging that, as a result of improper retention of their 
materials, actual damages resulted. They are entitled to seek damages "resulting from that breach" 
— which is what they have alleged in their summary of damages. 
B. 
Epstein Should Not Be Allowed to Depose the Women He Abused. 
Epstein next argues that he should be entitled to depose the three victims — victims he 
sexually abused. Epstein's game plan is clear: He intends to further traumatize the victims through 
intrusive depositions. In past proceedings with the victims of his sexual assaults (including some 
of the same victims who are now before this Court), Epstein engaged attorneys to conduct brutal 
questioning of the victims so savage that it made local headlines. See Jane Musgrave, Victims 
' Epstein briefly quotes a passage from the Court's April 13 hearing, suggesting that this was the 
Court's ultimate order on the scope of his deposition. DE 6440 at 4. But the Court ultimately 
allowed the Victims to take Epstein's deposition regarding any "allegations of federal civil 
contempt regarding the alleged discovery violations of the Agreed Order." DE 6366 at 5. Clearly 
all matters related to the Victims' emotional distress resulting from any violation by Epstein of the 
order are proper subjects for the deposition. 
EFTA00810604
--- PAGE 4 ---
Seeking Sex Offender's Millions See Painful Pasts Used Against Them, Palm Beach News, Jan. 
23, 2010, available at 
http://www.palmbeachpost.cotn/news/crime/victims-seeking-sez-offenders-millions-see-
painfulpasts-192988.html. 
In an effort to avoid further trauma resulting from these proceedings, the Victims originally 
pursued their damages through what might be called a liquidated damages/per se losses approach. 
See DE 6397 at 6. The Victims made clear that they would be further victimized if they were 
deposed. See id. It was only after the Court indicated that the Victims might need to further 
specify their damages claim that the Victims indicated that they would proceed under the 
significant emotional distress approach laid out in In re McLean, 794 F.3d 1313, 1325-25 (11th 
Cir. 2015). 
As the Victims proceed under the McLean approach in this contempt proceeding, they 
concede that they are bound by the requirements of McLean to carry their burden of showing 
significant emotional harm to obtain monetary damages for themselves2 — a point that Epstein 
emphasizes in his brief. But that fact hardly entitles Epstein to depose his Victims. Indeed, 
McLean itself clearly differentiates between compensatory sanctions and criminal/punitive 
sanctions in contempt cases. While punitive sanctions for contempt require a higher degree of due 
process protection, 794 F.3d at 1325 (discussing proof beyond a reasonable doubt and other 
requirements), McLean makes clear that "[a]t most, due process requires only `skeletal' protections 
in a civil contempt proceeding." Id. at 1324. 
Other forms of relief, such as attorneys' fees, are not covered by McLean and present separate 
issues. 
EFTA00810605
--- PAGE 5 ---
Epstein fails to explain why deposing the victims is necessary as part of the "skeletal" 
protections he needs to defend against civil contempt here. Indeed, his motion is replete with 
arguments as to why the issues before the Court are "narrow" (DE 6440 at 4) and why the Victims 
claims for damages will ultimately be shown to be "misplaced" (id.). Epstein also cites authority 
that emotional distress damages are only appropriate "where a natural and powerful emotional 
distress is readily apparent from the nature or extent of the wrongful conduct under the particular 
circumstances surrounding the . . . violation." In re Bishop, 296 B.R. 890, 895 (Bankr. S.D. Ga. 
2003). Assuming arguendo that this is the correct standard, the Victims will either be able to carry 
their burden of showing that such "readily apparent" circumstances exist or not. Their deposition 
will not add anything of importance to that inquiry. 
It must also be emphasized that it was Epstein and his attorneys who created the very issues 
that are now before the Court. If they had never improperly retained a copy of the Victims' 
confidential materials, the Victims would not be engaged in these proceedings. It is evident from 
his briefing that Epstein relishes the opportunity to compound the harm that he has already inflicted 
on the Victims through his sexual assaults. This Court should not add insult to injury by ordering 
further depositions of the Victims. 
C. 
Epstein's Sexual Assault Victims Should Not be Compelled to Undergo Independent 
Medical Examinations. 
Epstein also argues that his Victims should be forced to undergo independent mental 
examinations (IMEs). But as with his legal authority regarding depositions, his authority for 
forcing the Victims to undergo intrusive IMEs is inapplicable. For example, Rule 35 of the Federal 
Rules of Civil Procedure applies in a full-blown civil proceeding — not this current contempt 
proceeding for which, "at most," only "skeletal" due process protections are in play. McLean, 794 
F.3d at 1324. 
EFTA00810606
--- PAGE 6 ---
Moreover, under Rule 35, the burden is on the party seeking to force the examination to 
prove why the examination is needed. Rule 35 requires a showing both that mental condition is 
"in controversy" and the "good cause" exists for an examination. These requirements "are not 
simple formalities and are met neither by the mere conclusory allegations of the pleadings—nor 
by mere relevance to the case—but require an affirmative showing by the movant that each 
condition as to which the examination is sought is really and genuinely in controversy and that 
good cause exists for ordering each particular examination." Curtis v. Express, Inc., 868 F. Supp. 
467, 468 (N.D.N.Y. 1994) (internal quotation omitted). Even in cases involving mere allegations 
of discrimination on the basis of sexual harassment, courts have been well aware of the risk of 
well-heeled defendants using medical examinations "as a sort of retaliatory measure . . . ." 
Winstead v. Lafayette Cty. Bd. of Cty. Commissioners, 315 F.R.D. 612, 617 (N.D. Fla. 2016) 
(denying IME in Title VII case due to this concern). Indeed, courts have been particularly skeptical 
where a defendant seeks to compel an IME without explaining carefully how that particular exam 
will shed light on issues in the case. Id. (noting "relatively limited value" of a psychological 
examination in a case involving emotional distress counsels in favor of the court denying such a 
motion). 
Here, of course, the Court has before it not merely a defendant who has harassed a victim, 
but a defendant who has actually sexually abused three minor victims (and many others as well) 
on multiple occasions. Given the dynamics of sexual assault, the risk of retaliatory abuse of legal 
process here is far greater than in other cases in which courts have denied IMEs due to risk of 
retaliation. And reputed billionaire Epstein clearly has the resources to collect ample information 
about the Victims without the need for a medical examination. Indeed, he has already entered 
considerable information with his motion. See DE 6440 at 6 & Ex. A (discussing employment 
EFTA00810607
--- PAGE 7 ---
history, drug usage behavior, and criminal records of Victims, and collecting extensive records 
about such issues). Reliance on this sort of information collected from independent sources, to the 
extent that it is relevant and admissible, offers a "less intrusive means" of Epstein arguing against 
emotional distress damages. See Winstead, 315 F.R.D. at 616.3 As a result, Epstein has "made no 
showing that the information [he] seek[s] cannot be obtained by other discovery techniques." 
Marroni v. Matey, 82 F.R.D. 371, 372 (ED. Pa. 1979) (denying IME on this basis). The Court 
should deny his request for harassing and unnecessary IMEs. 
D. 
The Victims are Entitled to Use Epstein's Deposition to Help Prove Their Case. 
In a remarkable two-paragraph section at the end of his motion, Epstein first argues that 
the Victims should not be able to base any part of their argument for damages on Epstein's 
testimony at his upcoming deposition. DE 6440 at 9-10.4 Epstein seems to believe that his 
testimony will somehow be irrelevant to the Victims' damages claim, but in any event cites no 
legal authority for prohibiting the Victims from using his sworn testimony as part of their case for 
damages. The Victims are obviously entitled to use all discovery in this case in support of their 
claims, and any argument to the contrary by Epstein must be rejected. 
Indeed, in clear contradiction to his argument that his testimony is irrelevant to the Victims' 
damages, in the second paragraph of his argument, Epstein asks the Court to order that the Victims 
In another proceedin .
pstein has also recently deposed.. And he also had the 
opportunity to depose M. and 
in the pending state court proceeding, and elected not 
to do so. 
Whether Epstein will actually be deposed is not yet completely certain. The Court ordered that 
Epstein be deposed more than four months ago, on April 20, 2018. DE 6366 at 4. Yet due to 
various "scheduling" difficulties, Epstein avoided being deposed until a date was finally set for 
September. But once that date was set, Epstein sought mediation, promising to provide post-
mediation dates for his deposition in the event that the mediation failed. And yet, as of this writing, 
Epstein's counsel has failed to provide any post-mediation dates for Epstein's deposition in this 
case. 
EFTA00810608
--- PAGE 8 ---
be precluded from viewing his deposition testimony. DE 6440 at 10. If Epstein's testimony is, 
indeed, utterly irrelevant to their damages, then it is impossible to understand how reading that 
same irrelevant testimony could somehow alter the Victims' testimony on that subject. 
What Epstein seems to be seeking is to somehow invoke the witness exclusion rule. See 
Fed. R. Evid. 615 (allowing witnesses to be excluded from trial). But that rule, by its terms, applies 
only at trial. And, in any event, it does not apply to parties in a case, Fed. R. Evid. 615(a), nor to 
victims of crimes, Fed. R. Evid. 615(d) (cross-referencing 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)). Epstein is not 
entitled to any such relief. 
E. 
M. and 
Are Entitled to Seek Compensation Along with.. 
Epstein appears to hide one last argument in a footnote. He argues that because only ■. 
was specifically listed as a party in the November 2010 agreed order, the other two victims 
and 
at n.1 
— are not entitled to seek damages from his violation of the Court's order. DE 6440 
Epstein's efforts to develop a substantive argument in a footnote is procedurally improper. 
See SmithKline Beecham Corp. v. Apotex Corp„ 439 F.3d 1312, 1320 (Fed. Cir. 2006) ("arguments 
raised in footnotes are not preserved"). But in any event, his argument is without merit. This 
Court has previously allowed ■. 
and 
to intervene in this matter because they have 
protected interests at stake. See DE 6360 (`M., ■., and 
. . . are permitted to intervene 
in this matter."). Of course, the basis for that ruling was that all three victims have confidential 
information, the protection of which lies at the center of this contempt proceeding. Epstein's has 
not carried the heavy burden of showing some reason to revisit the Court's earlier ruling allowing 
intervention by all three Victims. 
EFTA00810609
--- PAGE 9 ---
CONCLUSION 
The Court should deny Epstein's motion in all respects. 
EFTA00810610
--- PAGE 10 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served 
electronically to all registered users on the CM/ECF system, which includes counsel identified on 
the service list below, on this 10th day of September, 2018. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the undersigned attorney is appearing pro hac vice in this matter 
pursuant to court order dated this 10th day of September, 2018. 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
Salt Lake Cit UT 84112 
Telephone: 
(above for address/contact purposes only, not to 
imply institutional endorsement) 
By: /s/ Paul G. Cassell 
Paul G. Cassell (Utah Bar No. M) 
Pro Hac Vice 
-AND — 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that I am admitted to the Bar of the United State District Court for 
the Southern District of Florida and I am in compliance with the additional qualifications to 
practice in this court set forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
SHAPIRO LAW 
Plantation, Florida 33322 
Telephone: 
By: /s/ Peter E. Sha Piro 
Peter E. Shapiro FBN 
) 
Attorneys for Intervenors.., M,  and 
EFTA00810611
--- PAGE 11 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Bradley J. Edwards FLBN 
Brittan N. Henderson FLBN 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
Jack Scarola, Escim 
Florida Bar No.: 
David P. Vitale, Jr. Es. 
Florida Bar No.: 
Attorney E-Mails: 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Link &Rockenbach P.A. 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Chad P. Pugatch, Esq. 
Rice Pu atch Robinson Storfer & Cohen, PLLC 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00810612
--- PAGE 12 ---
Niall T. McLachlan 
Carlton Fields Jorden Burt. P A 
Miami. FL 33131 
Counsel for Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
EFTA00810613

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810614.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Review 
Kathryn Ruemmler 
Danielle Bumess, Senior Vice President - Wealth Management, Senior Financial Advisor 
February 04, 2019 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
SENSITIVE CLIENT INFORMATION INSIDE 
EFTA00810614
--- PAGE 2 ---
Account List 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
As of Close of Business: 02/01/2019 
Merrill Lynch 
Account Number/NickName 
XXX-XX739 "KATHY SMA MUNI' 
AccountTide 
CreditType 
Cash 
Account Registration 
CMA 
Market Value(S) 
636.322 
%of Total 
14.41 
XXX-XX433 "Investment CMA" 
XXX-XX435 "IRA" 
Service Type: Personalized Client Disc 
XXX-XX436 'CMA Checking" 
Cash 
CMA 
Total 
Credit and Loans 
Service Type: Managed Strategy 
Investment Manager/Model: EATON V TABS MUNILAD 1-8 AA- M 
Manager Style: Laddered Muni 
Cash 
CMA Pledged 
Service Type: Personalized Client Disc 
Cash 
IRRA 
2.686.382 
864.101 
227.591 
4,414,396 
60.86 
19.57 
5.16 
100 
Account Number 
AccountTitle 
XXX-XX437 "LMA" 
Cash 
Total 
Balance As Of 
Credit Type 
Account Registration 
Ownership 
Outstanding 
Balance(S) 
802.39542 
802,395.42 
LMA 
SINGLE 
Unless otherwise indicated. assets and investment accoitts included in this Report are held at Merrill Lynch. Pierce. Fenner a Smith Incorporated rkILPF&S"). Member SIPC. 
Bank deposits are held at the Bank of America. NA. and affiliated banks or other depository institutions and are covered by FDIC insurance up to amicable limits. Bank deposits are rot protected by SIPC. 
Loan Management Accounts& (LMPS accounts) are demand lines of credit provided by Bank of America. N.A. secured by eligible Merrill Lynch brokerage accounts and are displayed under Merrill Lynch for your convenience. Please refer to 
'Important Information About this Report' for more information. 
All reports other than the Balances report contain brokerage information only. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings, Balances and Security Values 
Report created February a. 20t9 
for Kathryn Ruemmler 
Page I 
EFTA00810615
--- PAGE 3 ---
Asset Allocation Overview 
As of Close of Business: 02/01/2019 
Cass 
8.49% 
Phis insure 
34.10% 
Asset Class 
■Equity 
■Fixed Income 
■ Cash 
Subtotal 
Managed Assets Short ASocations 
Other 
Total 
Account Summary 
Asset Allocation 
Account 
XXX-X%433 -Investment UMA 
XXX-)O(435 'IRA' 
XXX-XX739 'KATHY SMA MUM 
XXX-)0C436 'CMA Checking" 
Total 
Market 
Value(S) 
2.536.489 
1.506.697 
375.088 
4,418,274 
(9.660) 
5.782 
4.414.396 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Equity Size and Style 
Equate Wad 
081% 
InSematranai early 
1599% 
&name Op Value 
953% 
Smaallee Cap Growth 
25% 
Large Cap Groat 
3455% 
Fed Neon* Deed 
239% 
Snort Terre acne 
OWN 
% of 
Total Size & Style 
Market 
Voioti(3) 
%of 
Total Maturity 
57.41 ■ Large Cap Growth 
876.463 
34.55 ■ Long Term Bond 
34.10 ■ Large Cap Value 
730.530 
28.80 ■ Int. Term Bond 
8.49 ■ SmallrMid Cap Growth 
260.058 
10.25 ■ Short Term Bond 
100.00 • Smallrklid Cap Value 
241.836 
9.53 ■ Fixed Income Blend 
■ International Equity 
405.467 
15.99 Total 
Equities Blend 
22.134 
0.87 
Total 
2,536.489 100.00 
Account Type:Manager 
ci..A ',edged 
IRRA 
EATON V TABS IAUNILAD 1.8 AA- M 
CMA 
Fixed Income 
Lonollimteend 
10.40% 
Mt. Term64.0 
41.13% 
Market 
%of 
Value(S) 
Total 
247.087 
16.40 
619,741 
41.13 
603,868 
40.08 
36.000 
2.39 
1,506,697 
100.00 
Too Holdings (Based on Market Value) 
Market 
Value(S) 
%of 
Total Security Description 
Quantity 
Price(S) 
Market 
Value(S) 
2.686.382 
60.86 ISHARES S&P 500 
3.837 
161.79 
620.788 
864.101 
19.57 GROWTH 
636.322 
14.41 VANGUARD VALUE ETF 
4.785 
105.00 
502.569 
227.591 
5.16 MFS INTERNATIONAL VALUE 
8.643 
41.54 
359.037 
4,414,396 
100.00 FUND CA. I 
LORD ABBETT FLOATING 
38.704 
8.82 
341.367 
PATE FUND CL 
ML BANK DEPOSIT PROGRAM 
311.749 
1.00 
311.749 
ISHARES S&P 500 VALUE 
2.489 
109% 
273.666 
BLACKROCK STRATEGIC MUNI 
18.629 
11.39 
212.188 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND INSTL 
DREYFUS/STANDISH GLOBAL 
9.534 
20.72 
197.555 
FIXED INCOME FD CL1 
MFS VALUE FD CL I 
3.993 
38.42 
153.425 
'SHARES S&P SMALLCAP 600 
718 
175.54 
126.038 
DRUMM 
Total 
3,098,381 
% of 
Total 
14.06 
11.38 
8.13 
7.73 
7.06 
6.20 
4.81 
4.48 
3.48 
2.86 
70.19 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account Lest for accounts ocluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report created February 4.2019 
tor Kathryn RuernmIer 
Page 2 
EFTA00810616
--- PAGE 4 ---
Time Weighted Rate of Return by Period: Yearly 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Performance period: 03/06/2008 to 01:31:2019 
Period 
2019 
4.185.282 
28.147 
908 
193,043 
4.407,380 
4.61 
45.80 
2018 
4.762.288 
(372.110) 
113.949 
(318.845) 
4.185.282 
(4.39) 
39.37 
2017 
3.331.142 
1,031.515 
88.700 
310,931 
4.762.288 
10.45 
45.77 
2016 
2.464.321 
738.915 
62.875 
65,030 
3.331,142 
4.59 
31.98 
2015 
2.668.696 
(189.878) 
73.666 
(88.163) 
2.464,321 
(0.74) 
26.18 
2014 
997.712 
1,589.426 
73.010 
8,548 
2.668,696 
6.27 
27.12 
2013 
888.515 
(2.774) 
39.390 
72,581 
997,712 
12.46 
19.61 
2012 
851.819 
(60.740) 
28.172 
69.265 
888,515 
11.54 
6.36 
2011 
872.953 
281 
13.874 
(35.289) 
851,819 
(2.46) 
(4.64) 
2010 
790.261 
10.920 
8.143 
63,629 
872,953 
8.94 
(2.23) 
2009 
236.650 
457,080 
15.094 
81,438 
790.261 
14.49 
(10.25) 
2008 
298,416 
14,964 
(76.730) 
236.650 
(21.62) 
(21.62) 
Total 
3,529,198 
532,745 
345,437 
4,407,380 
45.80 
Opening 
Balance(S) 
Contributions,
(Withdrawals)($) 
Interest/ 
Dividends($) 
Appreciation! 
(Depreciation)($) 
Closing 
ROR 
ROR 
Balance(S) 
Potiod(%) 
Cum(%) 
Note that various factors. including unpriced securities. and certain adjustments, holdings or activity may cause report results to differ from actual performance. Report results may also differ from results reported by 
other Merrill Lynch services. Past performance does not guarantee future results. 
Accounts Included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts .1c:bided in this report. 
Report created February 4.2019 
ler Kathryn Ruernmler 
Page 3
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
EFTA00810617
--- PAGE 5 ---
Relative Performance - Equity: Yearly
lJ Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Performance period:05/01/2008 to 01/31/2019 
Period 
2019 
7.64 
115.61 
7.78 
105.15 
8.99 
194.41 
10.94 
119.91 
11.55 
165.90 
6.57 
15.94 
8.77 
14.09 
US Equity 
8.12 
134.41 
International Equity 
5.45 
37.39 
2018 
(5.82) 
100.31 
(8.27) 
90.34 
(1.51) 
170.13 
(12.86) 
98.23 
(9.31) 
138.37 
(13.79) 
8.79 
(14.58) 
4.89 
US Equity 
(4.94) 
116.80 
International Equity 
(9.38) 
30.29 
2017 
20.69 
112.68 
13.66 
107.49 
30.21 
174.28 
7.84 
127.49 
22.17 
162.84 
25.03 
26.19 
37.28 
22.79 
US Equity 
19.42 
128.08 
International Equity 
25.47 
43.78 
2016 
10.36 
76.22 
17.34 
82.55 
7.08 
110.64 
31.74 
110.96 
11.32 
115.15 
1.00 
0.93 
11.19 
(10.56) 
US Equity 
11.88 
91.00 
International Equity 
4.60 
14.59 
2015 
0.24 
59.68 
(3.83) 
55.57 
5.67 
96.72 
(7.47) 
60.13 
(1.38) 
93.27 
(0.81) 
(0.07) 
(14.92) 
(19.55) 
US Equity 
0.34 
70.72 
International Equity 
0.45 
9.56 
2014 
9.15 
59.29 
13.45 
61.76 
13.05 
86.17 
4.22 
73.05 
5.60 
95.98 
(4.90) 
0.75 
(2.19) 
(5.45) 
US Equity 
10.51 
70.14 
International Equity 
2.04 
9.06 
2013 
27.15 
45.94 
32.53 
42.58 
33.48 
64.68 
34.52 
66.05 
43.30 
85.58 
22.78 
5.94 
(2.60) 
(3.34) 
US Equity 
29.80 
53.96 
International Equity 
12.13 
6.88 
2012 
17.20 
14.78 
17.51 
7.59 
15.26 
23.37 
18.05 
23.44 
14.59 
29.50 
17.32 
(13.71) 
18.22 
(0.75) 
US Equity 
17.21 
18.62 
International Equity 
17.92 
(4.69) 
2011 
(7.68) 
(2.07) 
0.39 
(8.44) 
2.64 
7.04 
(5.50) 
4.56 
(2.91) 
13.02 
(12.14) 
(26.45) 
(18.42) 
(16.05) 
US Equity 
(6.22) 
1.20 
International Equity 
(13.62) 
(19.17) 
2010 
12.70 
6.08 
15.51 
(8.80) 
16.71 
4.28 
24.50 
10.65 
29.09 
16.40 
7.75 
(16.29) 
18.88 
2.91 
US Equity 
13.73 
7.92 
International Equity 
8.51 
(6.43) 
2009 
26.69 
(5.87) 
19.69 
(21.04) 
37.21 
(10.65) 
20.58 
(11.13) 
34.47 
(9.83) 
31.78 
(22.31) 
78.51 
(13.43) 
US Equity 
26.14 
(5.11) 
International Equity 
40.18 
(13.77) 
2008 
(25.70) 
(25.70) 
(34.03) 
(34.03) 
(34.88) 
(34.88) 
(26.29) 
(26.29) 
(32.94) 
(32.94) 
(41.04) 
(41.04) 
(51.50) 
(51.50) 
US Equity 
(24.78) 
(24.78) 
International Equity 
(38.48) 
(38.48) 
Russell 1000 Value 
Russell 1000 
Russell 2000 Value 
Russell 2000 
MSCI EAFE TR 
MSCI Emerging 
Actual ROR(%) 
TR(%) 
Growth TR(%) 
TR(%) 
Growth TR(%) 
Net(%) 
Markets TR Net(%) 
Year 
Cum 
Year 
Cum 
Year 
Cum 
Year 
Cum 
Year 
Cum 
Year 
Cum 
Year 
Cum 
With respect to performance shown. various factors. including unpriced secunties. and certain adjustments. holdings or activity may cause report results to oiler from actual performance. Report results may also differ from results reported by 
other Merrill Lynch services. Past performance does not guarantee future results. 
Reference Indices are included 11 this report as a general source of information regarding the performance of various types of investments. Allocation models and Indices should not be used to benchmark the performance of a specific accant 
or portfolio. Your Emend& Advisor can provide further information regarding the particular allocation models and Indices shown. including how the composition of an index compares to the composition of your account or portfolio. 
Accounts Included In this report: Please refer to the Account Lest for accounts ricluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report created February 4. 2019 
lot Kathryn Ruernmler 
Page 4 
EFTA00810618
--- PAGE 6 ---
Relative Performance - Fixed Income: Yearly 
Performance period:05/01/2008 to 01/31/2019 
Period 
Actual ROR(%) 
Year 
Cum 
ICE BofAML 
Municipal 
Master(%) 
Year 
Cum 
ICE BofAML US 
Corporate & 
Government 
Master(%) 
Year 
Cum 
ICE BofAML US 
Corporate & 
Government 1.3 
Yrs(%) 
Year 
Cum 
Lipper Core Bond 
Fund Index(%) 
Year 
Cum 
Lipper Flex 
Index(%) 
Year 
Port Fd 
Cum 
2019 
0.95 
53.11 
0.75 
58.70 
1.10 
47.79 
0.38 
20.17 
1.31 
49.95 
6.05 
68.41 
Taxable 
1.34 
52.71 
Tax Exempt 
0.65 
8.79 
2018 
0.49 
51.67 
1.04 
57.51 
(0.32) 
46.19 
1.63 
19.71 
(0.45) 
48.01 
(6.10) 
58.81 
Taxable 
(0.62) 
50.69 
Tax Exempt 
1.20 
8.09 
2017 
4.54 
50.93 
5.42 
55.89 
4.03 
46.66 
0.86 
17.79 
3.95 
48.68 
15.47 
69.12 
Taxable 
3.84 
51.62 
Tax Exempt 
5.26 
6.82 
2016 
2.75 
44.37 
0.44 
47.88 
2.92 
40.99 
1.29 
16.79 
3.43 
43.02 
7.16 
46.47 
Taxable 
4.44 
46.02 
Tax Exempt 
(0.25) 
1.48 
2015 
2.32 
40.51 
3.55 
47.24 
0.30 
36.99 
0.67 
15.30 
0.32 
38.28 
(2.53) 
36.68 
Taxable 
1.46 
39.81 
Tax Exempt 
3.50 
1.73 
2014 
3.96 
37.32 
9.78 
42.19 
6.48 
36.58 
0.78 
14.54 
5.86 
37.84 
4.31 
40.23 
Taxable 
3.59 
37.80 
Tax Exempt 
2.39 
(1.71) 
2013 
(2.16) 
32.09 
(2.89) 
29.52 
(2.68) 
28.27 
0.70 
13.65 
(1.64) 
30.21 
15.55 
34.43 
Taxable 
(1.37) 
33.02 
Tax Exempt 
(5.47) 
(4.01) 
2012 
9.55 
35.01 
7.26 
33.38 
5.09 
31.79 
1.48 
12.86 
6.48 
32.37 
13.34 
16.34 
Taxable 
9.45 
34.87 
Tax Exempt 
1.55 
1.55 
2011 
3.16 
23.23 
11.19 
24.36 
8.61 
25.41 
1.56 
11.21 
7.04 
24.31 
(1.16) 
2.65 
Taxable 
3.16 
23.23 
2010 
7.30 
19.46 
2.25 
11.84 
6.83 
15.46 
2.82 
9.50 
8.16 
16.14 
12.91 
3.85 
Taxable 
7.30 
19.46 
2009 
12.67 
11.34 
14.45 
9.38 
4.83 
8.08 
3.84 
6.50 
12.65 
7.38 
29.17 
(8.03) 
Taxable 
12.67 
11.34 
2008 
(1.19) 
(1.19) 
(4.44) 
(4.44) 
3.10 
3.10 
2.57 
2.57 
(4.68) 
(4.68) 
(28.80) 
(28.80) 
Taxable 
(1.19) 
(1.19) 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
With respect to performance shown. various factors. including unpriced secunbes. and certain adjustments. holdngs or activity may cause report results to differ from actual performance. Report results may also &tier from results reported by 
other Merrill Lynch services. Past performance does not guarantee future results. 
Reference Indices are included in this report as a general source of information regarding the performance of various types of investments. Allocation models and Indices should not be used to benchmark the performance of a specific accowit 
or portfolio. Your Emend& Advisor can provide further information regarding the particular allocation models and Indices shown. including how the composition of an index compares to the composition of your account or portfolio. 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts ricluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report created February 4.2019 
lot Kathryn Ruernmler 
Page 5 
EFTA00810619
--- PAGE 7 ---
Security Performance - Daily Valuation: Yearly 
Performance period: 09126/2012 to 0113112019 
Security 
% of 
Performance 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Entire 
Security 
Description 
Total 
Date Range 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
Period 
Stocks & Related 
FV 
FIRST TR DORSEY WRT 
1.27 
10/262015 to 01/31/2019 
2.68 
(0.55) 
19.97 
(8.27) 
12.48 
26.40 
FOCUS 5 ETF SH 
EFA 
ISHARES MSCI EAFE 
0.87 
12/1812015 to 01/31/2019 
1.14 
1.37 
25.09 
(13.81) 
6.63 
17.89 
EEM 
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING 
1.15 
08/14/2018 to 01/31/2019 
(7.10) 
10.34 
2.51 
MKTS 
IVW 
ISHARES S&P 500 
14.06 
07/31/2014 to 01/31/2019 
7.60 
5.37 
6.82 
27.22 
(0.19) 
7.40 
65.16 
GROWTH 
IVE 
ISHARES S&P 500 VALUE 
6.20 
12/18/2015 to 01/31/2019 
1.39 
17.31 
15.25 
(9.19) 
8.54 
35.12 
IJT 
ISHARES S&P SMALLCAP 600 
2.86 
07/05(2013 to 01/31/2019 
19.47 
4.01 
2.70 
22.07 
14.47 
(4.39) 
9.06 
85.92 
GROWTH 
IJS 
ISHARES S&P SMALLCAP 600 
2.69 
08/19(2016 to 01/31/2019 
13.94 
11.35 
(12.84) 
12.26 
24.14 
VALUE 
TIP 
ISHARES TIPS 
0.89 
08/14/2018 to 01/31/2019 
(1.16) 
1.42 
0.25 
BOND ETF 
VUG 
VANGUARD GROWTH ETF 
2.81 
08/30(2017 to 01/31/2019 
9.06 
(3.30) 
9.20 
15.16 
VTV 
VANGUARD VALUE ETF 
11.38 
08/30(2017 to 01/31/2019 
11.06 
(5.44) 
6.95 
12.32 
Mutual Funds 
FDSWX 
AIG FOCUSED 
1.11 
10/15(2013 to 01/31/2019 
7.05 
8.73 
(0.75) 
15.63 
19.77 
(11.10) 
7.45 
52.82 
DIVIDEND STRATEGY FD W 
MAMTX 
BLACKROCK STRATEGIC MUNI 
4.81 
01/12/2017 to 01/31/2019 
6.90 
1.27 
0.35 
8.63 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND INSTL 
DBLTX 
DOUBLELINE TOTAL RETURN 
1.92 
09/26/2012 to 01/31/2019 
0.73 
0.02 
6.73 
1.96 
1.87 
3.79 
1.75 
0.59 
18.66 
BOND FUND CLI
SDGIX 
DREYFUS/STANDISH GLOBAL 
4.48 
12/18/2015 to 01/31/2019 
(0.11) 
2.41 
4.35 
(0.79) 
1.72 
7.71 
FIXED INCOME FD CL I 
SGIIX 
FIRST EAGLE 
1.09 
09/26/2012 to 01/31/2019 
2.87 
15.79 
3.19 
(0.66) 
10.94 
13.78 
(8.26) 
7.22 
51.61 
GLOBAL CLASS I 
LFRFX 
LORD ABBETT FLOATING 
7.73 
10/15(2013 to 01/31/2019 
1.43 
1.14 
0.33 
10.02 
3.97 
(0.14) 
1.90 
19.79 
RATE FUND CL F 
MFEIX 
MFS GROWTH FUND CL I 
1.44 
09/26(2012 to 01/31/2019 
0.51 
36.61 
8.79 
7.37 
2.46 
30.86 
2.59 
8.75 
139.92 
MINIX 
MFS INTERNATIONAL VALUE 
8.13 
08/21/2014 to 01/31/2019 
(2.07) 
6.77 
4.18 
27.15 
(9.01) 
4.66 
31.90 
FUND CL I 
MEIIX 
MFS VALUE FD CL 
3.48 
08/19(2016 to 01/31/2019 
3.04 
17.76 
(9.86) 
7.91 
18.03 
Municipal Bonds - GO Uninsured 
0782756N9 BELLAIRE TEX GO REF BDS 
1.15 
10/24/2018 to 01/31/2019 
1.39 
0.83 
2.23 
2018 LT 
NOV18 05.000%FEB15 2023 
161681SJI CHASKA MINN INDPTSCH 
0.50 
12/06/2018 to 01/31/2019 
0.44 
0.69 
1.13 
DIST NO 112 GO A SCH GTD 
MAYI 2 05.000%FEBOI 2022 
Accounts Included In this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts included in this report. 
Report created February 4.2019 
Ice Kathryn Ruernmler 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Page 6 
EFTA00810620
--- PAGE 8 ---
Security Performance - Daily Valuation: Yearly 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Performance period: 09/26/2012 to 01/31/2019 
Security 
Security 
Description 
180848X01 CLARK CNTV NEV GO TRANS 
1.20 
10/23/2018 to 01/31/2019 
IMPT BDS LT SER B 
NOV18 05.000%DECO1 2024 
208399N35 CONROE TEX CTFS OBLIG 
0.95 
10/2512018 to 01/31/2019 
SER A 
NOV18 05.000%MAROI 2026 
263713E88 DUBLIN OHIO GO VARIOUS 
1.21 
12/01/2018 to 01/31/2019 
PURP BDS LT SER A 
DEC18 05.000%DECO1 2020 
341530LG9 FLORIDA ST BRD ED PUB ED 
0.54 
12/06/2018 to 01/31/2019 
CAP OUTLAY REF BDS LT C 
DEC17 05.000%JUN01 2025 
367298YK6 GASTON CNTV NC GO SCH 
0.52 
12/01/2018 to 01/31/2019 
BDS 2018 
NOV18 05.000%AUGO1 2023 
489645RW3 KENNETT PA CONS SCH DIST 
0.60 
10/2512018 to 01/31/2019 
GO BDS LT SER AA SCH GTD 
NOV18 04.000%FEBIS 2021 
489645RV5 KENNETT PA CONS SCH DIST 
0.58 
10/2512018 to 01/31/2019 
GO BDS LT SER AA SCH GTD 
NOV18 04.000%FEB15 2020 
495033EZ1 KING CNTY WASH SCH DIST 
0.83 
10/25/2018 to 01/31/2019 
NO 401 H1GHUNE SCH GTD 
NOV18 05.000%DECO1 2026 
807025CX7 SCHOHARIE CNTY NY BANS 
1.15 
10/2512018 to 01/31/2019 
2018 LT 
NOV18 03.250%NOV07 2019 
93974CC40 WASHINGTON ST GO REF BDS 
0.69 
11/202018 to 01/31/2019 
R SER A 
NOV11 05.000%JULOI 2019 
940270DL2 WASHINGTON TWP IND MET 
1.18 
10/2512018 to 01/31/2019 
SCH DIST UNLTD SCH GTD 
NOV18 03.000%JULI5 2022 
Municipal Bonds - Revenue 
34160PDY2 FLORIDA ST DEPT MGMT 
SVCS CTFS PARTN COPS A 
DEC18 05.000%NOVOI 2024 
79625GAD5 SAN ANTONIO TEX ELEC & 
GAS REV REF BDS 2018 
NOV18 05.000%FEB01 2021 
92818ML32 VIRGINIA ST RES AUTH 
INFRASTRUCTURE REV BDS C 
NOV18 05.000%NOV01 2025 
% of 
Performance 
Entire 
Total 
Date Range 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
Period 
Data Not Available for Select Securities 
0.53 
12/01/2018 to 01/31/2019 
1.21 
10/2512018 to 01/31/2019 
1.23 
10/31/2018 to 01/31/2019 
7.55 
2.37 
1.25 
3.66 
2.82 
1.42 
4.28 
0.27 
0.36 
0.63 
0.72 
1.00 
1.72 
1.07 
0.89 
1.98 
0.78 
0.55 
1.33 
0.48 
0.25 
0.73 
3.25 
1.86 
5.17 
0.38 
0.31 
0.69 
0.32 
0.20 
0.52 
1.36 
0.76 
2.13 
1.24 
1.24 
0.72 
0.49 
3.25 
1.40 
2.50 
1.22 
4.69 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts included in this report. 
Report created February 4.2019 
toe Kathryn Rumninler 
Page 7
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
EFTA00810621
--- PAGE 9 ---
Security Performance - Daily Valuation: Yearly 
Performance period: 09/26/2012 to 01/31/2019 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
% of Total S as of 02101/2019. Al numeric values in this repon are percentage based. 
This report is designed to assist you in the evaluation of certain securities in your portfolio. Please contact your Financial Advisor if you have arty questions waning the information contained in this report. 
This report contains useful information about the securities in your portfolio and certain market indexes. Um:le/tying performance data used in generating this report has been obtained from internal BOA/Merrill Lynch systems. Some &cosines in 
your portfolio may not be included in this report due to lack of data avaiability. The return information for the securities and market indexes reflect lime weighted rates of return. The returns shown are based on original purchase date and price for 
the latest contiguously held period of the security dsplayed. when available. 
The aggregated performance of the individual securities shown in this report may not reflect the total performance that may be shown elsewhere in this report for the total portfolio due to certain account activity which is not considered in 
generating this report. Past performance does not guarantee future results. This report does not reflect the impact of advisory fees that may apply to the account in which the securities are held. If these advisory fees were deducted the 
performance shown would be lower. 
Underlying prices used in generating this report have been obtained from the settled closing price recorded al Merrill Lynch. 
Please note that when this report provides performance comparisons to a market index. the market index performance does not reflect transaction costs or the deduction of fees. It is not possible to invest cirectly fl an index. An investment in 
the securities comprising an index would require that an investor incur transaction costs andror fees, with a consequent reduction in returns. Allocation models and indexes shown should not be used to benchmark the performance of a specific 
security. Your Financial Advisor can provide further liformatron regarding the particular allocation models and indexes shown. including how the composition of an ildex compares to the individual investments andror composition of your account 
or portfolio. 
The information herein shad nol constitute an offer, or an invitation to make an offer to buy or sell any mutual fund shown. 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts ncluded in this report. 
Report created February 4.2019 
lot Kathryn Anemone, 
Page 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
EFTA00810622
--- PAGE 10 ---
Estimated Income Summary 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
As of Close of Business: 02/01/2019 
$60.000 
$55.000 
$50.000 
$45.000 
$40.000 
$35.000 
$30.000 
$25.000 
$20.000 
$15.000 
$10.000 
$5.000 
$0 
Nov 
Feb 
Mar 
Apt 
May 
Jun 
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Dec 
Jan 
▪ 
Principal 
K 
Dividends 
Interest 
Month 
February 2019 
March 2019 
April 2019 
May 2019 
June 2019 
July 2019 
August 2019 
September 2019 
October 2019 
November 2019 
December 2019 
January 2020 
Total Income 
Report includes the estimated monthly income from fixed income. equities and mutual funds. For fixed income, estimates are based on the security's coupon. For equities and mutual kinds. estimates are based on recent dividend payments. 
which may change in the future. 
Interest(5) 
Tax-Exempt 
3.247 
1.994 
5.328 
1.065 
1948 
9.113 
14.127 
550 
1.994 
2.631 
1.977 
1.994 
4.058 
4.171 
1948 
10242 
18.362 
2.279 
1.994 
30.000 
34.360 
5.136 
1.994 
7.217 
1.425 
1948 
9.113 
14.487 
550 
1.994 
2.631 
3.800 
1.994 
50.000 
55.881 
4.175 
1948 
16227 
24.350 
1.300 
1.994 
3.381 
29,675 
31,745 
45,393 
80,000 
186,813 
Taxable 
DIvIdend(S) 
Tax-Exempt 
Taxable 
PrInelpal($) 
Total($ 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account Lest for accounts ricluded in this report. 
Report [(Wed February 4.2019 
toe Kathryn Ruemniter 
Page 9
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
EFTA00810623
--- PAGE 11 ---
Unrealized Gain/(Loss) by Account/Product 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
As of Close of Business: 02/01/2019 
XXX-XX739 "KATHY SMA MUNI• 
Cash Balance (Settled and Unsettled) 
Money Accounts 
1,029 
Unit 
Cost 
Unrealized 
Security Description 
Quantity 
Cost(6) 
Price(S) 
Basis(S) 
Market Value(S) 
Galru(Lose)(5) 
G/( -)0X4 
990286916 
14.055 
1.00 
14.055 
ML BANK DEPOSIT PROGRAM 
Total Money Accounts 
14,055 
Municipal Bonds - GO Uninsured 
Unit 
Cost 
Accrued 
Unrealized 
Security Description 
Rating 
Quantity 
Cost(S) 
Price(S) 
Basis(S) 
Interest(S) 
Market Value(S) 
Gainf(Loss)(S) 
G/(L)(%) 
0782756N9 
MA 
45.000 
110.026 
112.09 
49.512 
437 
50.440 
928 
1.88 
BELLAIRE TEX GO REF BDS 
2018 LT 
NOV18 05.000%FE815 2023 
161681SJ1 
N/A 
20.000 
108.658 
109.58 
21.732 
21.915 
184 
0.84 
CHASKA MINN INDPT SCH 
DIST NO 112 GO A SCH GTD 
MAY12 05.000%FEB01 2022 
180848XO1 
AA+ 
45.000 
113.372 
116.95 
51.018 
444 
52.626 
1.609 
3.15 
CLARK CNTY NEV GO TRANS 
IMPT BDS LT SER B 
NOV18 05.000%DECO1 2024 
208399N35 
AA+ 
35.000 
114.524 
118.60 
40.083 
369 
41.511 
1.428 
3.56 
CONROE TEX CTFS OBLIG 
SER A 
NOV18 05.000%MAROI 2026 
263713E88 
MA 
50.000 
105.316 
105.82 
52.658 
299 
52.910 
252 
0.48 
DUBLIN OHIO GO VARIOUS 
PURP BDS LT SER A 
DEC18 05.000%DECO1 2020 
34153QLG9 
MA 
20.000 
116.402 
118.38 
23.280 
167 
23.677 
396 
1.70 
FLORIDA ST BRD ED PUB ED 
CAP OUTLAY REF BDS LT C 
DECI7 05.0009/JUN01 2025 
367298YK6 
AA 
20.000 
111.474 
113.79 
22.295 
211 
22.757 
462 
2.07 
GASTON CNTY NC GO SCH 
BDS 2018 
NOV18 05.000%AUGOI 2023 
489645RW3 
AA 
25,000 
103.546 
104.48 
25.886 
172 
26.121 
234 
0.90 
KENNETT PA CONS SCH DIST 
GO BDS LT SER AA SCH GTD 
NOV18 04.000%FEBI5 2021 
Accounts Included In this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts mcluded in the report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report created February 4.2019 
to Kathryn Ruemmler 
Page 10 
EFTA00810624
--- PAGE 12 ---
Unrealized Gain/(Loss) by Account/Product 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
As of Close of Business: 02101:2019 
Municipal Bonds - GO Uninsured 
Security Description 
489645RV5 
AA 
KENNETT PA CONS SCH DIST 
GO BDS LT SER AA SCH GTD 
NOV18 04.000%FEB15 2020 
495033EZ1 
AA+ 
KING CNTV WASH SCH DIST 
NO 401 HIGHLINE SCH GTD 
NOV18 05.000%DECO1 2026 
807025CX7 
SP1+ 
50.000 
101.225 
101.15 
50.613 
379 
50.577 
(36) 
(0.07) 
SCHOHARIE CNN NY BANS 
2018 LT 
NOV18 03.250%NOV07 2019 
93974CC40 
AA+ 
30.000 
101.269 
101.38 
30.381 
125 
30.415 
0.11 
WASHINGTON ST GO REF BDS 
R SER A 
NOV11 05.00094JUL01 2019 
940270DL2 
AA+ 
50.000 
102.142 
103.72 
51.071 
296 
51.859 
788 
1.54 
WASHINGTON TWP IND MET 
SCH DIST UNLTD SCH GTD 
NOV18 03.0009.4JUL15 2022 
Total Municipal Bonds - GO Uninsured 
3,367 
486,709 
7,969 
1.66 
Unit 
Cost 
Accrued 
Unrealized 
Rating 
Quantity 
Cost(S) 
PrIce(S) 
Basls(S) 
Interest(S) 
Market Value(S) 
Gain/pawn 
GSM 
25.000 
101.939 
102.33 
25.485 
172 
25.583 
0.39 
30.000 
115.756 
121.06 
34.727 
296 
36.317 
1,590 
4.58 
Municipal Bonds - Revenue 
Security Description 
34160PDY2 
AA+ 
20.000 
113.022 
116.60 
22.604 
133 
23.320 
715 
3.16 
FLORIDA ST DEPT MGMT 
SVCS CTFS PARTN COPS A 
DEC1805.000%NOV01 2024 
79625GAD5 
M 
50.000 
105.565 
106.45 
52.783 
53.224 
441 
0.84 
SAN ANTONIO TEX ELEC & 
GAS REV REF BDS 2018 
NOV18 05.000%FEB01 2021 
92818ML32 
MA 
45.000 
115.436 
120.01 
51.946 
481 
54.004 
2.058 
3.96 
VIRGINIA ST RES AUTH 
INFRASTRUCTURE REV BDS C 
NOV18 05.000%NOVOI 2025 
Total Municipal Bonds - Revenue 
615 
130,547 
3,214 
2.52 
Unit 
Cost 
Accrued 
Unrealized 
Rating 
Quantity 
Cost(S) 
Price(S) 
Basis(E) 
Interest(S) 
Market Value(S) 
Gaini(Loss)($) 
G/(L)(%) 
Accrued 
Unrealized 
Interest(5) 
Market Value(S) 
Gaini(Loss)(S) 
Total XXX-XX739 
3,982 
632,340 
11,183 
Total Value (Includes Accrued Interest) 
636,322 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts ricluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report created February 4.2019 
lot Kathryn Kuenunhar 
Page II 
EFTA00810625
--- PAGE 13 ---
Unrealized Gain/(Loss) by Account/Product 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
As of Close of Business: 02101:2019 
Accrued 
Interest(S) 
Market Value(S) 
Unrealized 
Gain/(Loss)($) 
Short Term Gain 
11,218 
Short Term Loss 
(36) 
Total Short Term Gain/(Loss) 
11,183 
Long Term Gain 
Long Term Loss 
Total Long Term Gain/(Loss) 
XXX-XX433 •Investment WA' 
Cash Balance (Settled and Unsettled) 
Money Accounts 
0.97 
Security Description 
Quantity 
Unit 
Cost(S) 
Price(S) 
Cost 
Basis(S) 
Market Value(S) 
Unrealized 
Gain/(Loss)($) 
W(L)(%) 
990286916 
70.103 
1.00 
70.103 
ML BANK DEPOSIT PROGRAM 
Total Money Accounts 
70,103 
Stocks & Related 
Unit 
Cost 
Unrealized 
Security Description 
Rating 
Quantity 
Cost(S) 
Price(S) 
Basis(S) 
Market Value(S) 
Gain/(Loss)(S) 
G/(L)(%) 
FV 
1.965 
22.897 
28.63 
44.993 
56.258 
11.265 
25.04 
FIRST TR DORSEY WRT 
FOCUS 5 ETF SH 
ERA 
614 
58.565 
62.66 
35.959 
38.473 
2.514 
6.99 
[SHARES MSCI EAFE 
EEM 
625 
42.640 
42.76 
26.650 
26.725 
0.28 
(SHARES MSCI EMERGING 
MKTS 
IJT 
553 
147.934 
175.54 
81.808 
97.074 
15.266 
18.66 
[SHARES S&P SMALLCAP 600 
GROWTH 
IJS 
654 
153.706 
148.20 
100.523 
96.923 
(3.601) 
(3.58) 
'SHARES S&P SMALLCAP 600 
VALUE 
IVW 
2.483 
110.587 
161.79 
274.588 
401.725 
127.137 
46.30 
'SHARES S&P 500 
GROWTH 
IVE 
2.489 
92.264 
109.95 
229.644 
273.666 
44.021 
19.17 
'SHARES S&P 500 VALUE 
TIP 
N/A 
355 
111.719 
110.68 
39.660 
39.291 
(369) 
(0.93) 
'SHARES TIPS 
BOND ETF 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts included in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report created February 4.2019 
lot Kathryn Ruemmler 
Page 12 
EFTA00810626
--- PAGE 14 ---
Unrealized Gain/(Loss) by Account/Product 
As of Close of Business: 02/01;2019 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Stocks & Related 
Unit 
Cost 
Unrealized 
Security Description 
Rating 
Quantity 
Cost(S) 
Price(S) 
Basis(S) 
Market Value(S) 
Gain/(Loss)(S) 
OWN 
VUG 
545 
129.800 
146.56 
70.741 
79.875 
9.134 
12.91 
VANGUARD GROWTH ETF 
VTV 
3.847 
103.567 
105.03 
398.423 
404.050 
5.627 
1.41 
VANGUARD VALUE ETF 
Total Stocks & Related 
1,514,060 
211,071 
16.20 
Mutual Funds 
Unit 
Cost 
Market 
Unrealized 
Total Client 
Cumulative 
Security Description 
Rating 
Quantity 
Cost(S) 
Price(S) 
Basis(S) 
Value(S) 
Gainl(Loss)(S) 
Investment(S) 
Investment Retum(S) G/(L)(%) 
MAMTX 
18.629.3510 
11.438 
11.39 
213.074 
212.188 
(885) 
199.993 
12.195 
6.10 
BLACKROCK STRATEGIC MUNI 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND INSTL 
SDGIX 
6.024.4290 
21.196 
20.72 
127.695 
124.826 
(2.869) 
119.978 
4.848 
4.04 
DREYFUSSTANDISH GLOBAL 
FIXED INCOME FD CL I 
SGIIX 
420.7500 
50.510 
54.93 
21.252 
23.112 
1.860 
15.131 
7.981 
52.74 
FIRST EAGLE 
GLOBAL CLASS I 
LFRFX 
23.582.0870 
9.135 
8.82 
215.433 
207.994 
(7.439) 
207.323 
671 
0.32 
LORD ABBETT FLOATING 
RATE FUND CL F 
MFEIX 
623.0220 
55.416 
102.21 
34.525 
63.679 
29.154 
26.539 
37.140 
139.95 
MFS GROWTH FUND CL I 
MINIX 
7.631.0450 
37.135 
41.54 
283.375 
316.994 
33.618 
251.331 
65.662 
26.13 
MFS INTERNATIONAL VALUE 
FUND CL I 
MEIIX 
3.993.3620 
36.391 
38.42 
145.323 
153.425 
8.102 
129.633 
23.792 
18.35 
MFS VALUE FD CL I 
Total Mutual Funds 
1,102,218 
61,540 
949,928 
152,290 
16.03 
Accrued 
Unrealized 
Interest(S) Market Value(S) 
Gain/(Loss)(S) 
Total XXX-XX433 
-- 
2,686,382 
272,611 
Total Value (Includes Accrued Interest) 
2,686,382 
272,611 
Short Term Gain 
958 
Short Term Loss 
(31,461) 
Total Short Term Gain/(Loss) 
(30,503) 
Long Term Gain 
307,519 
Long Term Loss 
(4,405) 
Total Long Term Gain/(Loss) 
303,115 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts ricluded in this report. 
Report Created February 4.2019 
Ice Kathryn Ruernmler 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Page 13 
EFTA00810627
--- PAGE 15 ---
Unrealized Gain/(Loss) by Account/Product 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
As of Close of Business: 02/01/2019 
XXX-XX435 "IRK 
Cash Balance (Settled and Unsettled) 
Money Accounts 
Unit 
Cost 
Unrealized 
Security Description 
Quantity 
Cost(6) 
Price(S) 
Basis(a) 
Market Value(S) 
GalnALose)(1) 
GWOM 
IIAXX 
20.642.3400 
1.000 
1.00 
20,642 
20.642 
BANK OF AMERICA. NA RASP 
Total Money Accounts 
20,642 
Stocks & Related 
Unit 
Cost 
Unrealized 
Security Description 
Rating 
Quantity 
Cost($) 
Price(S) 
Basis(S) 
Market Value(S) 
Gain/(Loss)16) 
EEM 
562 
42.707 
42.76 
24,001 
24.031 
0.12 
!SHARES MSCI EMERGING 
MKTS 
IJT 
165 
104.344 
175.54 
17.217 
28.964 
11.747 
68.23 
ISHARES S&P SMALLCAP 600 
GROWTH 
IJS 
148 
123.742 
148.20 
18,314 
21.934 
3.620 
19.76 
'SHARES S&P SMALLCAP 600 
VALUE 
IVW 
1.354 
113.762 
161.79 
154,033 
219.064 
65.030 
42.22 
SHARES S&P 500 
GROWTH 
VUG 
300 
129.800 
146.56 
38,940 
43.968 
5.028 
12.91 
VANGUARD GROWTH ETF 
VTV 
938 
96.970 
105.03 
90,958 
98.518 
7.560 
8.31 
VANGUARD VALUE ETF 
Total Stocks & Related 
436,479 
93,015 
27.08 
Mutual Funds 
Unit 
Cost 
Market 
Unrealized 
Total Client 
Cumulative 
Security Description 
Rating 
Quantity 
Cost(S) 
Price(S) 
Basis(S) 
Value(S) 
Gairsl(Loss)($) 
Investment($) 
Investment Retum(S) G/(L)(%) 
FDSWX 
2,934.8440 
16.766 
16.65 
49.206 
48.865 
(341) 
31,494 
17.371 
55.16 
AIG FOCUSED 
DIVIDEND STRATEGY FD W 
DBLTX 
8.152.4380 
11.316 
10.42 
92.256 
84.948 
(7.307) 
71.327 
13.621 
19.10 
DOUBLELINE TOTAL RETURN 
BOND FUND CL I 
SDGIX 
3,510.0620 
21.660 
20.72 
76.028 
72.728 
(3.300) 
70,902 
1.826 
2.58 
DREYFUS.STANDISH GLOBAL 
FIXED INCOME FD CL I 
SGIIX 
455.5240 
50.510 
54.93 
23.008 
25.022 
2.014 
16.421 
8.601 
52.38 
FIRST EAGLE 
GLOBAL CLASS I 
Accounts Included In this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts ncluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report created February 4.2019 
Ice Kathryn Ruemmler 
Page 14 
EFTA00810628
--- PAGE 16 ---
Unrealized Gain/(Loss) by Account/Product 
As of Close of Business: 02701/2019 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Mutual Funds 
Security Description 
Bating 
Quantity 
Unit 
Cost(S) 
Price(S) 
Cost 
Market 
Basis(S) 
Value(S) 
Unrealized 
Gain(LossXM 
Total Client 
Investment(S) 
Cumulative 
Investment Retum(S) G/(L)(%) 
LFRFX 
LORD ABBETT FLOATING 
RATE FUND CL F 
MINIX 
MFS INTERNATIONAL VALUE 
FUND CL I 
Total Mutual Funds 
15.121.6630 
1.012.1120 
9.346 
37.062 
8.82 
41.54 
141.323 
133.373 
37.511 
42.043 
406,980 
(7.950) 
4.532 
(12,353) 
115.491 
32.459 
338,094 
17.882 
9.584 
68,886 
15.48 
29.53 
20.38 
Accrued 
Interest(S) Market Value(S) 
Unrealized 
GainnLoss)(S) 
Total XXX-XX435 
864,101 
80,662 
Total Value (includes Accrued Interest) 
864,101 
80,662 
Short Term Gain 
228 
Short Term Loss 
(1,654) 
Total Short Term Gain/(Loss) 
(1,426) 
Long Term Gain 
99,900 
Long Term Loss 
(17,811) 
Total Long Term Gain/(Loss) 
82,089 
XXX-XX436"CMA Checking" 
Cash Balance (Settled and Unsettled) 
0.02 
Money Accounts 
Unit 
Cost 
Unrealized 
Security Description 
Quantity 
Cost(S) 
Price(S) 
Basis(S) 
Market Value(S) 
GainALoss)(5) 
990286916 
227,591 
1.00 
227.591 
ML BANK DEPOSIT PROGRAM 
Total Money Accounts 
227,591 
Accrued 
Unrealized 
Interest(S) 
Market Value(S) 
GainALoss)(5) 
Total XXX-XX436 
227,591 
Total Value (includes Accrued Interest) 
227,591 
Short Term Gain 
Short Term Loss 
Total Short Term Gain/(Loss) 
Long Term Gain 
Long Term Loss 
Total Long Term Gain/(Loss) 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account Lest for accounts ncluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Repot! created February 4.2019 
toe Kathryn Ruernmter 
Page IS 
EFTA00810629
--- PAGE 17 ---
Unrealized Gain/(Loss) by Account/Product 
As of Close of Business: 02701/2019 
Market Value(S) 
Unrealized 
Gain/(Loee)($) 
Total Holdings 
4,409,384 
364,456 
Total Cash Balance (Settled and Unsettled) 
1,030 
Total Accruals 
3,982 
Total Portfolio Value 
4,414,396 
364,456 
Short Term Gain 
12,404 
Short Term Loss 
(33,151) 
Total Short Term Gain/(Loss) 
(20,747) 
Long Term Gain 
407,419 
Long Term Loss 
(22,216) 
Total Long Term Gain/(Loss) 
385,203 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Information will not appear if a cost basis is not known. a security price is not currently available. or the Gain/(Loss) calculations are not appropriate for the type of holding. 
Money accounts are not adjusted for pending trades. 
The G2% is provided to help you monitor the performance of your specific holdings: because the figure is effected by your particular holding period and transaction history. it should not be used to compare mutual fund 
performance.Please refer to the funds Profile for standardized performance information on each mutual fund in your account.Past performance is no guarantee of future returns. 
The cost basis for Municipal Bonds that are pending settlement includes accrued interest. 
Accrued Interest is not included in the unrealized gaireloss calculations. Therefore. the market value does not include accrued interest. 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts ncluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report Created February 4.2019 
for Kathryn Ruernmler 
Page 16 
EFTA00810630
--- PAGE 18 ---
Tax Summary 
As of Close of Business: 
Overview 
0Z01,2019 
Interest and Dividends (S) thru Jan 2019 
Tax-Exempt 
Taxable 
Tax-Exempt 
Taxable 
Interest 
Interest 
Dividends 
Dividends' 
750 
Long Term 
YTD Realized Gainr(Loss)(S) 
Capital Gain 
Short 
Long 
Distributions' 
Term 
Term 
Merrill 
Bank of 
Gaini(Loss)(S) 
Long Term 
Gain 
Lynch 
America Corporation 
Account 
Taxable 
XXX-XX739' 
Total 
Short Term 
Gain 
11.218 
Unrealized 
Short Term 
(Loss) 
(36) 
Long Term 
(Loss) 
Total 
11.183 
'KATHY SMA muNr 
XXX-XX433* 
(18) 
958 
(31.461) 
307.519 
(4.405) 
272.611 
'Investment CMA' 
XXX-XX436* 
118 
*CMA Checking* 
Subtotal 
750 
165 
(18) 
12,176 
(31.497) 
307.519 
(4,405) 
283.794 
Tax Deferred 
XXX•XX435 
1)1tA 
228 
(1.654) 
99.900 
(17.811) 
80.662 
'IRA-
Subtotal 
228 
(1.654) 
99.900 
(17.811) 
80.662 
NtA 
Total 
761 
165 
(18) 
12,404 
(33.151) 
407,419 
(22,216) 
364,456 
'The Unrealized Gabf(Loss) totals for this account may not include certain securities held in the account. such as corporate action items or other securities that have insufficient cost data available to accurately calculate the unrealized 
gainioss figures on the transactions. 
Dividends may include long term capital gain iffistrioutions. 
Long Term Capital Gain Distributions are through prior month end and are a subset of Total Taxable Dividends. 
The 'Interest and Dividend' values reflect the previous month-end statement totals of interest and dividend income. The interest total may include reportable interest. tax-exempt interest. and bank deposit interest. The dividend total may 
include reportable dividends. money fund dividends. tax-exempt fund dividends and non reportable dividend income. 
The report is for informational purposes only and we suggest that you review this information with your tax advisor. Please refer to your account statement for the official record of income payments credited to your account. 
The Realized Gain/(Loss) totals for this account do not include sales transactions where cost information is unavailable or data is insufficient to accurately calculate the realized gairwloss figures. 
The Realized and Unrealized Gailf(Loss) totals reflected in the Tax Overview are for reformational purposes only. and we suggest that you review this information with your tax advisor. Please note that pending sale transactions (trades 
that have not settled) are not reflected in the Realized or Unrealized Gain/(Loss) sections of the Tax Summary Overview. 
Any inbrmation presented about tax considerations affecting your financial transactions or arrangements is not intended as tax advice and cannot be relied upon for the purpose of avoiding any tax penalties. Neither Merrill Lynch nor its 
Friancial Advisors provide tax. accounting or legal advice. You should review any planned financial transactions or arrangement that may have tax. accounting or legal implications with your personal professional advisors. 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts ncluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings, Balances and Security Values 
Report created February 4.2019 
for Kathryn Ruemmler 
Page 17 
EFTA00810631
--- PAGE 19 ---
Realized Gain/(Loss) by Account/Security 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
As of Close of Business: 02/01/2019 
There is no tax lot data for the account(s) selected. 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts ncluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report Created February 4.2019 
for Kathryn Ruemmler 
Page 18 
EFTA00810632
--- PAGE 20 ---
Asset-class winners and losers 
No asset class always outperforms. Asset allocation helps manage risk and can increase a 
portfolio's performance potential. 
Highest 
return 
Lowest 
return 
1998 
1999 
2000 
2001 
2002 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
Small 
stock 
29.8% 
Intl. 
Intl. 
Stock 
Stock 
20.3% 
27.3% 
LT 
govt 
13.1% 
Large 
Stock 
21.0% 
— — 
Div. 
Div. 
Port. 
Port. 
11.9% 
14.8% 
Treas. 
Bills 
4.9% 
Treas 
Bills 
4.7% 
Small 
stock 
7.3% 
LT 
gov't 
.9.0% 
LT 
gov't 
21.5% 
Small 
stock 
222% 
LT 
gov't 
17.8% 
Treas. 
Bills 
5.9% 
Treas. 
Bills 
3.8% 
Treas. 
Bills 
1.6% 
Div. 
Port. 
0.1% 
Small 
Stock 
3.6% 
Large 
stock 
-9.1% 
Large 
stock 
119% 
Intl. 
Intl. 
Stock 
Stock 
-212% 
Div. 
Port. 
-6.3% 
e 
Small 
stock 
13.3% 
Stock 
-ars 
Large 
stock 
221% 
Small 
stock 
60.7% 
Intel. 
stock 
39.2% 
Div. 
Port. 
26.2% 
Intl. 
Intl. 
Intl 
Stock 
Stock 
Stock 
Stock 
20.7% 
14.0% 
26.9% 
11.6% 
Small 
stock 
184% 
LT 
gov't 
7.8% 
Div. 
Div. 
Port. 
Port. 
11.9% 
7.1% 
Large 
stock 
10.9% 
LT 
LT 
gov't 
govt 
1.4% 
8.5% 
Treas. 
B18 
1.0% 
Treas 
Bills 
1.2% 
Small 
stock 
5.7',6 
Large 
stock 
4.9% 
Treas 
Bills 
3.0% 
Small 
stock 
16.2% 
LT 
govt 
9.9% 
Large 
stock 
15.8% 
Large 
stock 
5.5% 
- - 
Div. 
Div.
Port. 
Port. 
13.0% 
5.3% 
Treas 
Bills 
4.8% 
Treas.
Bilk 
4.7% 
LT 
gm/i t 
1.2% 
Small 
tock 
5.2% 
LI
govt 
25.9% 
Treas. 
Bills 
1.6% 
Div. 
Port. 
-179% 
e 
Small 
tock 
Large 
stock 
37.0% 
Stock 
Intel. 
Stock 
325% 
Small 
Stock 
1 
Div. 
Port. 
14.4% 
Treas. 
Bills
0.1% 
LT 
gov't 
14.9% 
Small 
stock 
313% 
Large 
stock 
15.1% 
Div. 
Port./ 
13.00% 
A 
LT 
gov't 
10.1% 
Stock 
8.2% 
Treas. 
Bills 
0.1% 
LT 
gov't 
27.1% 
•
Large 
stock 
2.1% 
Treas 
Bills 
0.0;6
Small 
stock 
-3.3% 
Stock 
-11.7% 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
Small 
Small 
LT 
Large 
stock 
stock 
gov't 
stock 
18.2% 
Stock 
17.9% 
Large 
stock 
16.0% 
45.1% 
24.7% 
Large 
Large 
stock 
stock 
32.4% 
13.7% 
Stock 
23.3% 
Div. - 
-V 
Port. 
Port 
11.1% 
17.(: 
Treas 
0.1Bills 
Treat 
Bills 
0.0% 
LT 
govet 
122% 
Small 
stock 
2.9% 
Treat 
Bills 
0.0% 
Stock 
-4.5% 
1.4% 
Treas 
Bills 
0.0% 
Intl 
Sto 
-0.4! 
Div. 
Port. 
-0.6% 
LT 
gov't 
.0.7% 
Small 
stock 
3.6% 
2016 
2017 
Small 
stock 
6 0 
Large 
stock 
12.0% 
Stark 
25.6% 
Large 
stock 
21.8% 
Div. 
Div. 
Port. 
Port. 
8.2% 
13.1% 
— — • 
• 
Li 
gov't 
1.8% 
Intl. 
Stock 
Treas 
Bills 
0.2% 
Hid 
Bills 
0.8' 
About the data 
Past performance is no guaramee of future results. This is for illustrative purposes only and not indicative of any investment. An investment cannot be made directly in an index. The diversified portfolio is equally weighted 
between small stocks, large stocks, long-term government bonds, Treasury bills, and international stocks (20% each). Small stocks are represented by the Ibbotson* Small Company Stock Index. Large stocks are represented by 
the Ibbotsore Large Company Stock Index, government bonds by the 20-year U.S. government bond, Treasury bills by the 30-day U.S. Treasury bill, and international stocks by the Morgan Stanley Capital International Europe, 
Australasia, and Far East (EAFE') Index. An investment cannot be made directly in an index. The data assumes reinvestment of all income and does not account for taxes or transaction costs. The diversified portfolio is equally 
weighted between small stocks, large stocks, long-term government bonds, Treasury bills, and international stocks (20% each). CI 2018 Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. 
Page 19 
EFTA00810633
--- PAGE 21 ---
Ibbotson° SBBI®: Stocks, bonds, bills, and inflation 
1926 — 2017 
t,15 Merrill Lynch 
MS 
Bank of America Corporation 
Equities have the potential to increase wealth more than other asset classes. 
$100k 
$36,929 
Compound annual return 
10k 
Small stocks 
12.1% 
$7,353 
Large stocks 
10.2 
Government bonds 
5.5 
Treasury bills 
3.4 
Inflation 
2.9 
1k 
$143 
100 
$21 
$11 
1926 
1936 
1946 
1956 
1966 
1976 
1986 
1996 
2006 
2016 
About the data 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Hypothetical value of $1 invested at the beginning of 1926. Assumes reinvestment of income and no transaction costs or taxes. This is for illustrative purposes only and not 
indicative of any investment. An investment cannot be made directly in an index. Small stocks in this example are represented by the Ibbotson' Small Company Stock Index. Large stocks are represented by the Ibbotson' Large 
Company Stock Index. Govemment bonds are represented by the 20-year U.S. government bond, Treasury bills by the 30-day U.S. Treasury bill, and inflation by the Consumer Price Index. Underlying data is from the Stocks, Bonds, 
Bills, and Inflation' (5881') Yearbook, by Roger G. Ibbotson and Rex Sinquefield, updated annually. An investment cannot be made directly in an index. 
2018 Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. 
Page 20 
EFTA00810634
--- PAGE 22 ---
Important Information About Reference Indices 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Market indices are included in this report to provide a reference point when reviewing the performance of your account(s). Indices provide a general source of information on how various market segments and types 
of investments have performed in the past. The index illustrated may be a single index. a combination of indices. or may include the performance of a Merrill Lynch allocation model. The characteristics of the 
indices provided may differ from your actual account(s). You should discuss with your Financial Advisor the reference indices selected and how they compare with your account(s). 
XXX-XX435: Account Performance Range: 031062008 - CURRENT 
Advisor Defined Style Index 
Asset Allocation Blend Index: 
Equity: 
S&P 500 TR 
Fixed Income: 
ICE BotAML US Broad Market Bond 
Cash: 
ICE BotAML 3-Month US Treasury Bill 
Al: 
Al Comp (Sep 2017.Curr) r HFRIFOF (Prior Sep 2017)' 
XXX-XX433: Account Performance Range: 05)07/2008 - CURRENT 
Advisor Defined Style Index 
Asset Allocation Blend Index: 
Equity: 
SSP 500 TR 
Fixed Income: 
ICE BotAML US Broad Market Bond 
Cash: 
ICE BOIAML 3-Month US Treasury Bill 
Al: 
Al Comp (Sep 2017-Curt)! HFRIFOF (Prior Sep 2017) • 
XXX-XX739: Account Performance Range: 1 011 202018 - CURRENT 
Style Index: 
10+15,2018 CURRENT (100.00% ICE BotAML Municipals 1-10 Yrs) 
Additional Comparatives: The following indices are further reference points to various broad market indices. Based on the exhibits selected. these indices may or may not be included in this report. 
MSCI Emerging Markets TR Net 
ICE BotAML Municipals 1-10 Yrs 
Russell 1000 Value TR 
Lipper Flex Port Fd Index • 
Lipper Core Bond Fund Index ' 
Russell 1000 Growth TR 
Russell 2000 Value TR 
ICE BotAML US Corporate & Government Master 
ICE BotAML US Corporate & Government f-3 Yrs 
MSCI EAFE TR Net 
Russell 2000 Growth TR 
ICE BoIAML Municipal Master 
Blended Indlces:The following blended Indices are referenced In exhibits as comparatives or included In a style Index or advisor defined style Index of an account CAG. 
Al Comp (Sep 2017-Cur)/ HFRIFOF (Prior Sep 2017): 
SINCE INCEPTION - 08/31)2017 (100.00% HFRI Fund of Funds Composite) 
09;01r2017 12/31/2018 (25.00% S&P GSCI TR. 25.00% FTSE NAREIT Composite TR. 25.00% Russell Microcap TR. 25.00% HFRI Fund Weighted Composite) 
A Style Index is designed to provide a relevant market comparison to the performance of an account and where applicable, an investment manager or Financial Advisor's investment strategy. It can either be a 
single index benchmark or a combination of indexes. A Style Index is determined by Merrill Lynch based on several factors such as the Manager's investment philosophy and style if applicable. the asset mix over 
time. the range and average market capitalization of stock holdings over time. and maturities and duration of fixed income holdings. 
An Advisor Defined Style Index is the reference index selected by your Advisor as the primary comparative index for your account(s). If risk statistics such as alpha or the information ratio have been included in 
the analysis. this index will be used in calculating those statistics. The following are type(s) of index blends your Financial Advisor selected: 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account Lest for accounts included in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report Mated February 4.2019 
Ice Kathryn Ruemmter 
Page 21 
EFTA00810635
--- PAGE 23 ---
Important Inthrmation About Reference Indices 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Asset Allocation Blend Index - weighs the performance of the Indices selected for each asset class according to the historical asset allocation of the portfolio. If daily performance is available for each component 
index leveraged in the monthly calculation, your Asset Allocation Blend is calculated based on the actual performance start date. If performance data is not available daily for one or more component indices, your 
Asset Allocation Blend will leverage full month performance returns for those indices and months. 
A Custom Index when presented, is calculated using the same market indices included in the Style Index, but leverages the actual asset allocation of your account(s). The difference between the Style and Custom 
Indices provides an indication of positive/negative asset allocation impact. Please note, the Custom Index can leverage indices not included in your Style Index and, therefore, may not have the same data 
availability. 
Allocation Score: This score is designed as a measure of the incremental rate of return added by the investment manager's asset allocation decisions. Mathematically. it is derived by subtracting the Style Index 
Return from the Custom Index Return, thus Isolating' out the effect of the manager's active asset allocation decisions in the Custom Index, as compared with the static or passive allocation guidelines in the Style 
Index. 
Selection Score: This is designed as a measure of the value added by the investment manager or Financial Advisors active security selection. Mathematically, it is derived by subtracting the Custom Index return 
from the actual portfolio's return, thus Isolating' out the effect of the manager or Financial Advisor's active security selection decisions versus the passive alternative of the market indices used in the Custom Index. 
Active Management Score: This score indicates the incremental rate of return added by the investment manager or Financial Advisor through security selection and asset allocation. The score is derived by 
comparing the actual, actively managed portfolio's returns to those of a passive' portfolio, the Style Index. Mathematically. the Active Management Score is computed as the difference between the actual portfolio 
return and the Style Index return. It is also equal to the sum of the Selection and the Allocation Scores, since it "cumulates- the manager's or the Financial Advisor's contribution in both areas. 
Reference Indices may be included as a general source of information regarding the performance of certain types of investments (e.g., US equities, international equities, fixed income. cash, etc.). Direct investment 
into an index cannot be made. Additional information regarding the indices shown is available from your Financial Advisor. 
The Russell Indexes are marks of Frank Russell Company. 
Performance data for indices is generally available on a 'Close of Business" or monthly basis for the performance date range. 
- The noted indices do not have performance information available as of 'Close of Business' or for partial month portfolio returns. In these cases. the indices reflect lull month performance returns. It is important to 
understand this if you are using any indices for performance comparisons relative to your account(s) and the overall market. 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account Lest for accounts included in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Recoil created February d, 2019 
for Kathryn Anemone( 
Page 22 
EFTA00810636
--- PAGE 24 ---
Important Inthrmation About Research Ratings 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
BofA Merrill Lynch Research (BofAML Research) is equity research produced by Merrill Lynch, Pierce. Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S) and/or one or more of its non•U.S affiliates. MLPF&S is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation. 
Fundamental Equity Opinion Key: Opinions include a Volatility Risk Rating, an Investment Rating and an Income Rating. 
BofAML Research VOLATILITY RISK RATINGS, indicators of potential price fluctuation, are: 
A • Low. 
B • Medium. and 
C • High. 
BofAML Research INVESTMENT RATINGS, reflect the analysts assessment of a stock's: (i) absolute total return potential and (ii) attractiveness for investment relative to other stocks within its coverage cluster 
(defined below). 
There are three investment ratings: 
Buy (stocks are expected to have a total return of at least 10% and are the most attractive stocks in the coverage cluster), 
- Neutral (stocks are expected to remain flat or increase in value and are less attractive than Buy rated stocks). 
- Underperform (stocks are the least attractive stocks in a coverage cluster), and 
Analysts assign investment ratings considering. among other things, the 0.12 month total return expectation for a stock and the firm's guidelines for ratings dispersions (shown in the table below). The current price 
objective for a stock should be referenced to better understand the total return expectation at any given time. The price objective reflects the analyst's view of the potential price appreciation (depreciation). 
BofAML Research Investment 
rating 
Total return expectation (within 12-month penod of date of initial 
rating) 
Ratings dispersion guidelines for coverage 
cluster* 
Buy 
greater than or equal to 10% 
less than or equal to 70% 
Neutral 
greater than or equal to 0% 
less than or equal to 30% 
Underperform 
N/A 
greater than or equal to 20% 
'Ratings dispersions may vary from time to time where BofAML Research believes it better reflects the investment prospects of stocks in a Coverage Cluster. 
Coverage Cluster is comprised of stocks covered by a single analyst or two or more analysts sharing a common industry, sector, region or other classification(s). A stoclCs coverage cluster is included in the most 
recent Merrill Lynch Comment referencing the stock 
SWAMI Research INCOME RATINGS, indicators of potential cash dividends. are: 
- same/higher (dividend considered to be secure), 
- same/lower (dividend not considered to be secure), and 
- pays no cash dividend. 
Closed-end Fund Investment Opinion Key: Opinions include an identifier and an investment rating. The identifier, "F." denotes a closed-end fund and the number is a fund's investment rating, which is based on our 
month expectation of stability of the Fund's distributions (including net investment income, short and long term capital gains and return of capital) and stock price from the date of the initial rating. 
SWAMI Research INVESTMENT RATINGS 
- Buy (indicating that distributions are expected to be the same or increase and that the stock price is expected to be stable or increase). 
- Neutral (indicating that distributions are expected to remain the same or decrease and that the stock price is expected to be stable). and 
- Underperform (indicating that distributions are expected to decrease and that the stock price is expected to decline) 
Important Information: Independent. third•party research on certain companies covered by the firm's research is available to clients at no cost. Clients can access this research at vevay.mlol.ml.00m or can call 1-
803-MERRILL to request that a copy of this research be sent to them. For explanation of independent. third-party research ratings key, ask a Financial Advisor at (888) ML-INVEST (654-6837) or go to 
www.ml.comrindependentresearch. Please note that the independent. third-party research rating shown above is not necessarily equivalent to, or derived using the same methodology as. BofAML Research ratings 
or the ratings of other independent, third-party research providers. 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts iduded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings, Balances and Security Values 
Report Created February 4.201g 
to Kathryn Ruemmter 
Page 23 
EFTA00810637
--- PAGE 25 ---
Important Information About This Report 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
Banking. Credit and Loan Information is listed on the Balances and Account List reports and is for 
information purposes only. All other reports reflect brokerage assets: banking. credit and loan assets are 
not included in any other reports. 
The Loan Management Account® (LMA® account) is a demand line of credit provided by Bank of 
America. N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Opportunity Lender. The LMA account requires a brokerage 
account at Merrill Lynch. Pierce. Fenner 8 Smith Incorporated and sufficient eligiale collateral to support 
the loan. All securities are subject to credit approval. Securities•based financing involves special risks 
and is not for everyone. When considering a securities•based loan, consideration should be given to 
individual requirements, portfolio composition and risk tolerance, as well as capital gains, portfolio 
performance expectations and investment time horizon. A complete description of the loan terms can be 
found within the LMA agreement. For detailed information, please refer to your loan account statements. 
Loan Management Account and LMA are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. 
This analysis is a brokerage report that provides you with a detailed review of your investment strategy. 
including current financial positions, asset allocation and investment performance. In conjunction with a 
Financial Advisor's assistance, this report can help you make informed investment decisions in order to 
support your financial objectives. Merrill Lynch offers brokerage, investment advisory and other 
services. For more information about any of these services and their differences. Including the type of 
advice and assistance offered, see your Financial Advisor. Please note that security classifications and 
definitions of objectives described below can be changed from time to time at the discretion of Merrill 
Lynch. 
This Report provides important information about your account(s), market indices. goals and risk 
level. The return information for the account(s), market indices and return comparison charts reflect 
time•weighted rates of return unless the returns are labeled "money weighted rates of return". Time-
weighted rates of return should be used to Judge the performance of the selected investment manager(s) 
and the money weighted rate of return should be used to assess overall growth and accumulation of 
wealth. Both return calculations reflect transaction costs. market appreciation or depredation and the 
reinvestment of capital gains, dividends, interest and other income. The treatment of fees is discussed 
below. 
For accounts enrolled in managed account programs such as the Investment Advisory Program (utilizing 
Managed or Custom Managed strategies), Consults, BlackRock Private Investors ("BR PI"). Mutual Fund 
Advisor ('MFA"), client agreements. disclosure statements, and profiles (if applicable) can provide 
additional information about these programs, including applicable lees, restrictions and other terms. 
Merrill Lynch is both a broker-dealer and an investment adviser, and it offers both brokerage and 
investment advisory services. There are important differences between these services. including the 
type of advice and assistance provided. the fees charged, and the rights and obligations of the parties. 
Brokerage services are also regulated under different laws and rules than advisory services. It is 
important for you to understand these differences, particularly when determining which service or 
investments you might select. 
Priclna of Securities 
Pricing of securities is provided for your information. Your Account Statement is your official record of 
holdings, balances, and security values for your accounts at Merrill Lynch and sold to you by your 
Advisor. Unless you or a third party have provided the values for any External Assets, values reflect 
information as of the "Close of Business" date reflected at the top of each exhibit. Values for External 
Assets (if you have chosen to include them) will reflect information as of the 'Close of Business' date 
indicated, provided pricing information for the particular security is available to Merrill Lynch. Otherwise, 
pricing information for External Assets are based on values you or a third party have provided to Merrill 
Lynch. Please contact your Advisor if you have questions relating to pricing information. Please see the 
'External Assets" section at the end of this Report for important information relating to External Assets 
generally, including reviewing the External Assets with your Advisor on a regular basis. 
Annuities and life insurance products are not held in your account. Their values are listed in the report 
for your convenience. Life Insurance Cash Values and Annuity Contract Values are used to calculate 
Total Portfolio Value. These values are as of "close of one business" day prior to the 'as or date 
shown. Cash values may not reflect immediately available funds due to loan balances andor policy 
changes. Annuity Contract Values may not reflect immediately available funds due to contract 
changes. All market values include accrued interest. unless otherwise indicated. 
Performance 
Account values. cash flows and returns may differ from other sources due to differing methods of pricing, 
accounting or calculation. This Report is prepared on a trade date basis using accrued income when 
sufficient data is available and thus will differ from a report prepared on a settlement date basis (e.g.. 
your Merrill Lynch account statement). From time to time, asset valuation or transaction data may be 
adjusted, which in turn may impact the portfolio performance calculations and other information shown in 
the report. In addition, if your account(s) holds 'when issued securities.' which are not valued by Merrill 
Lynch until the settlement date, your asset allocation may not be accurately reflected. 
Rate of returns presented "Net of Fees" reflect the deduction of the Investment Advisory program fee, 
where applicable. The deduction of the Investment Advisory fee. where applicable, is also reflected in 
the Appreciate)Depreciation section. Other than the applicable program fee, net returns do not reflect 
the deduction of lees that may be charged directly to an underlying account, including, but not limited to 
brokerage•related commissions, transfer taxes. margin interest, certain redemption fees. exchange or 
similar fees (such as American Depositary Receipts) charged by third parties. including issuers, 
electronic fund, wire or other account transfer fees, annual investor fees and repurchase fees relating to 
exchange-traded notes and other charges imposed by law. Rate of returns presented 'Gross of Fees" 
are shown before the deduction of advisory fees where applicable in order to make them comparable to 
the returns of the market indices. Rate of returns are presented "Net of Fees" unless noted as 'Gross of 
Fees." Please refer to the applicable ADV Brochure and Client Agreement for a full description of 
investment advisory fees for accounts enrolled in an investment advisory program. Market indices or 
other benchmark returns are shown for comparison purposes only, and there is no assurance or 
guarantee that such performance will be achieved. Market indices are unmanaged. It is not possible to 
invest in an index. Depending on how account fees are paid (see below), the account returns may be 
shown after the deduction of fees for certain periods. When the fee is deducted directly from this 
account(s), information will be shown both before and after the deduction of fees. When the fee is 
deducted directly from another account(s), information will be shown before the deduction of fees. 
• For periods prior to September 1998, information will be shown before the deduction of fees. 
• For periods after September 1998, information will be shown both before and after the deduction of 
fees. 
It is very important that you provide Merrill Lynch with current information regarding the management of 
your account(s). We encourage you to contact your Advisor if there have been any changes in your 
financial situation or investment objectives, or if you wish to impose any reasonable restrictions on the 
management of your account(s) or reasonably modify existing restrictions. If you are enrolled in a dual-
contract investment advisory program where you separately contract with a thirdparty investment 
manager. it is also important to notify your investment manager with respect to any changes in your 
financial situation. investment objectives andrer restrictions. If you would like to receive a free copy of the 
current Form ADV Brochure(s) for the investment advisory program(s) in which your account(s) is 
enrolled. Please send a written request with your account number(s) to: Managed Accounts Processing 
and Services. 4800 Deer Lake Drive West. Building 1, 3rd Fl.. Jacksonville, FL 32246. You may also 
obtain a copy of the various Merrill Lynch advisory program brochures by accessing the Securities and 
Exchange Commission ('SEC') website at www.adviserinfo.sec.00v.
The valuation of hedge funds is prepared based upon information from third party sources. The 
information has not been verified and cannot be guaranteed. This data may include estimates and is 
subject to revision. 
If an account has been managed by more than one manager. the manager name in the Report reflects 
the current manager. However, return and standard deviation information may be calculated using the 
entire history of each account. This Report may also include information for account(s) that are not 
managed by an investment manager (i.e., where you make the investment decisions). 
Classification of Securities 
For Asset Class. Sector or Size and Style Analysis reports. securities are generally classified by asset 
class. sector, size and style and. for Fixed Income, maturity. 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts ilcluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report created February 4.2019 
for Kathryn Ruemmter 
Page 24 
EFTA00810638
--- PAGE 26 ---
Important Information About This Report 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
- For Size and Style, security classification is as follows: a capitalization breakpoint of $18.90 billion 
defines the size Large Cap. $18.90 billion to $6.20 billion for Mid Cap. and less than $6.20 billion for 
Small Cap for domestic equity securities. SmalliMid Cap (SMID) is defined as less than $18.90 
bilkon. The style (Growth, Core or Value) for these securities is defined by a proprietary procedure which 
utilizes a series of quantitative and qualitative metrics (e.g.. expected earnings growth, analyst coverage. 
etc.). 
- For Equity Sector, security classifications are based on Global Industry Classification Standard 
("GIGS"). Source: Morgan Stanley Capital International (-MSCI") and Standard 8 Poor's (-sap", a 
division of the McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. 
- For Fixed Income, maturity breakpoints are as follows: Short-Term:0.5 years, Intermediate-Term: 5-15 
years, Long-Term greater than 15 years. 
- For Fixed Income, Non-Securitized US Agency, US Government Sponsored Enterprise. and Super 
National debt are classified as US Government / Quasi Government. All Securitized Agency and 
Government Sponsored Enterprise debt are classified as Securitized. 
- For Fixed Income, bonds are classified as either Investment Grade or High Yield based on the bonds 
composite rating as determined by a methodology set out in the Composite Rating Explanation, with the 
exception of bonds pre-refunded or maturity to escrow (including partial redemptions). Bonds pre-
refunded or maturity to escrow (including partial redemptions) are classified as investment grade and 
placed in their respective fixed income sector. 
- Equity Region classifications are based on country of domicile and mapped to Merrill Lynch's RIC 
(Research Investment Committee) global regions. 
- Convertible securities and options are classified as Equities. Preferred Stock is classified as Fixed 
Income. Life Insurance products are classified as Other. 
When available, Market-Linked Investments are classified by the nature of the referenced or linked 
security or market measure associated with that market-linked investment which may be an individual 
security, index, or other investment such as a mutual fund or exchange traded fund. 
For mutual funds, exchange traded funds, closed end funds and the investment options of underlying 
annuities, the fund may be shown by holdings or. optionally. by profile (fund objective). 
When shown by holdings, the fund is classified by the asset class, sector, size and style or maturity 
breakdown (excluding Fixed Income Sectors where applicable) of those holdings. When shown by 
profile, the fund is classified by the asset class, sector (excluding Fixed Income Sectors where 
applicable), size and style or maturity provided by vendors and mapped to Merrill Lynch's Research 
Investment Committee allocation schema in order to report the industry's or Merrill Lynch's interpretation 
of the objective of the fund/pooled investment vehicle. Note that the data used for this classification is 
obtained from a variety of sources and may not be current (see "Data As Of" date shown in the Details 
Section for the date the portfolio holdings were reported by the fund). 
Additionally. Mutual funds, exchange traded funds, closed end funds and the investment options of 
underlying annuities may change their portfolio holdings on a regular (often daily) basis. 
Accordingly, any analysis that includes mutual funds, exchange traded funds, closed end funds, and the 
investment options of underlying annuities may not accurately reflect the current composition of these 
funds. The classification of these securities may differ from other sources due to differing methods of 
classification (e.g. shown and classified by holdings versus by profile). As such, this Report may differ 
from other reports (e.g.. your Merrill Lynch account statement, in which these funds are always shown by 
profile) depending on whether the funds are shown by holdings or by profile in this Report. 
In particular. Non-Traditional Funds (NTFs), mutual funds and exchange traded funds that pursue 
alternative strategies or provide alternative asset exposure. may be classified as alternative investments 
when shown by profile, but when shown by holdings, the NTF will be classified by the asset class. sector, 
size and style or maturity breakdown of its holdings, which may reflect no allocation to alternative 
investments. 
If the holdings or profile data for mutual funds, exchange traded funds. or closed end funds is not 
available, the fund is classified by its predominant asset class ("Data As Of" date shown as "N/A" in the 
Details Section). 
If the holdings or profile data for the investment options of underlying annuities is not available, fixed 
annuities and market value adjusted annuities are classified as Fixed Income and variable annuities are 
classified as Equities. Note that annuities and life insurance products are not held in your account but 
are included here for your information. 
The Details Section may also provide summary information regarding accounts enrolled in managed 
account programs such as the Investment Advisory Program (utilizing Managed or Custom Managed 
strategies). Consults. BlackRod Private Investors ("BR PI"), and MFA, classification detail for the 
managed account is not based on your actual holdings but on the investment style that has been 
identified for the specific investment manager/style. Your Financial Advisor can also provide a report 
based on the account's actual holdings. 
When External Assets are included in a Report (as described further in the External Assets section of 
this Appendix), holdings are generally classified, where available, as indicated above and are based on 
classification types established by Menlo Lynch. The Merrill Lynch classification types may differ from 
those used at those institutions where your External Assets are maintained. These differences in 
classification may cause the External Assets in your External Accounts to be displayed in asset 
allocations and/or sector information on your Merrill Lynch Reports that differ from how they appear in 
those other institutions. These differences in classification types do not impact the valuation of the 
External Assets. Allocations reported when a classification is not available for External Accounts and 
External Account Proxies are classified as "other. 
Classification details for mutual funds, closed end funds, certain managed accounts, annuities and 
External Account Proxies are identified in 'Details for Managed Assets and Pooled Investments" ("Details 
Section"). 
"External Account Proxy" are External Accounts that you have generally identified in the aggregate and 
not by specific holdings. Be sure to periodically review these accounts with your Financial Advisor and 
advise if there have been any changes to the holdings in or value of these Accounts. 
When External Accounts and External Account Proxies are included in a Report (as described further in 
the External Assets section of this Report), holdings are generally classified, where available, as 
indicated above. If a classification is not available, External Accounts and External Account Proxies are 
classified as "Other. 
If "Portfolio Detail" reports are included, the value shown for mutual funds, exchange traded funds, 
closed end funds and the investment options of underlying variable annuities is the proportionate dollar 
value of a funds holdngs, as classified by asset class, sector, size and style or maturity, respectively. 
Date of Composition Information Obtained for Pooled Investments 
If the accounts included in this Report hold mutual funds. closed end funds, annuities, and/or other 
pooled investments, the holdings reported by the fund or carrier as appropriate, as of the date identified 
below. are reflected in the Report. Note that mutual funds change their portfolio holdings on a regular 
(often daily) basis. Accordingly, this Report may not reflect the current composition of the accounts 
included. 
FxternAl Atults 
The following important information is provided to help you better understand the external assets 
information that has been provided in this Report. if applicable, and to advise you of action you may need 
to take by periodically reviewing those assets. If selected for inclusion in this Report, external assets are 
reflected in the Account List. For purposes of the following information, both External Accounts and 
External Account Proxies are referred to generally as 'External Assets". 
External Assets may include holdings, values and other information that have been supplied: (1) by you 
to your Advisor; (2) by you through My Financial Picture: (or) through My Financial Picture by a third 
party service which combines your External Assets and provides that information to Merrill Lynch. 
External Assets information is not included in every exhioit in this Report. External Assets information is 
only included in the following exhiiits: 
• Asset Allocation Overview 
• Asset and Account Allocation 
• Asset Class Analysis Portfolio Summary and Detail 
• Asset Class Analysis Account Summary and Detail 
• Sector Analysis Portfolio Summary and Detail 
• Size and Style Analysis Portfolio Summary and Detail 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts .1c:bided in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report Created February d. 2019 
for Kathryn Ruemmter 
Page 25 
EFTA00810639
--- PAGE 27 ---
Important Information About This Report 
Merrill Lynch 
Bank of America Corporation 
• Balances 
• Holdings by Product and by Account/Product 
• Potential Wealth 
• Progress to Goals 
Please make sure you periodically review your External Assets and if you have provided External 
Assets•related information to your Advisor for inclusion in this or other reports and analyses, it is 
important that you provide your Advisor with updated values, as appropriate. 
Your Advisor and Merrill Lynch will not update information relating to your External Assets, except for 
pricing information, if pricing information for the particular security is available to Merrill Lynch. Please 
refer to "Pricing of Securities" at the end of this Report for additional information. 
Your Merrill Lynch Account Statement is your official record of holdings, balances. and security values kw 
your accounts at Merrill Lynch and sold to you by your Advisor. My investments sold to you by your 
Merrill Lynch Advisor will be included on your Merrill Lynch Account Statement. Any Information 
contained in this Report does not replace or supersede information on your Merrill Lynch Account 
Statement or any third party account statement for your External Assets. If there is any inconsistent 
information reflected for the External Assets information included in this Report. please refer to the 
statement or report sent to you by the third party and notify the Office Management Team at your Merrill 
Lynch branch office so that we may update the information. 
Merrill Lynch does not Independently verify the accuracy of the information supplied, by you or 
any third party used through My Financial Picture. 
Although Merrill Lynch may be providing you with information relating to External Assets. Merrill Lynch 
does not provide investment advice with respect to External Assets unless otherwise agreed to between 
you and Merrill Lynch. 
Asset Allocation Models 
Where an asset allocation model is presented, it may be developed by BofA Merrill Lynch Global 
Research or the Chief Investment Office (CIO) for use with Merrill Lynch clients. These models 
represent asset allocation approaches based on a client's profile and investment objectives and are 
subject to change as market conditions change in the future. In addition, asset allocation models 
including alternative investments consider liquidity needs as an important factor in the formation of an 
asset allocation strategy. Liquidity refers to the ability or timeliness with which assets can be converted 
into cash. Depending on your personal financial needs and objectives. it is important to consider 
whether you may need to sell investments to raise cash over varying time horizons. If the asset 
allocation model used in this report includes alternative investments, it is designed for investors with 
lower liquidity needs. however in some cases, up to 45% of the portfolio may be illiquid for 3-5 years. 
Alternatively, your Financial Advisor may have customized an asset allocation for your specific situation 
which may or may not be based on an asset allocation model. You should regularly review your asset 
allocation with your Financial Advisor and your professional advisors. Asset Allocation does not assure a 
profit or protect against a loss in declining markets. Asset allocation cannot eliminate the risk of 
fluctuating prices and uncertain returns. 
Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Edge®, Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and the 
Private Banking and Investment Group, all of which are made available through Merrill Lynch• Pierce. 
Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). Merrill Edge is available through MLPF&S. and consists of the 
Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self•directed online investing. 
Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by MLPF&S and other subsidiaries of Bank 
of America Corporation ("BofA Corp"). 
MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment advisor and Member SIPC. Merrill Lynch 
Life Agency Inc. ("MLLA") is a licensed insurance agency. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of BofA 
Corp. 
MLPF&S makes available investment products sponsored, managed. distributed or provided by 
companies that are affiliates of BofA Corp or in which BofA Corp has a substantial economic interest. 
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust- a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member 
FDIC. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc.• a licensed 
insurance agency. 
Banking products are provided by Bank of America. NA. and affiliated banks. Members FDIC and wholly 
owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp. 
Investment products, insurance and annuity products: 
Are Not FDIC Insured 
Are Not Deposits 
Are Not Bank Guaranteed 
Are Not Insured by Any Fedora 
Government Agency 
O2019 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved. 
May Lose Value 
Are Not a Condition to Any 
Banking Service or Activity 
Accounts included in this report: Please refer to the Account List for accounts ricluded in this report. 
For Informational Purposes Only - Account Statement is Official Record of Holdings. Balances and Security Values 
Report created February a. 2019 
for Kathryn Ruemmter 
Page 26 
EFTA00810640

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810641.pdf
----------------------------------------
Viewing Attachments in PDF Portfolio View Instructions 
1. To view the attachment(s), select the document with the attachment(s), and from the View menu select 
Show/Hide -> Navigation Panes -> Attachments: 
File Edit 
Window Help 
Rotate Yiew 
Page navigation 
Page Display 
Zoom 
Portfolio 
Ctd+ L 
Tracker... 
Read Out Loud 
:9eliYOS 
compare Documents... 
Sktt:WCis
ders) 
r..7, Navigation Panes 
O Toolbar Items 
Menu Bar 
ia Files 
Date 
Attachments 
Q Bookmarks 
F9 
page Thumbnails 
Signatures 
Show Navigation Pane 
Reset Panes 
• 
2. The Attachment(s) will display in the Attachments window to the left of the screen: 
Attachments 
E 
u-
et
Name 
NeWAssessme'ntdata as of 120.t. 
UG As.sessrne,.. 
Descr 
3. To view any of the attachments, double click the item and it will open: 
Open Attachment 
Save Attachment... 
+ Add Attachment... 
Pelete Attachment 
Edit Description... 
Show attachments by default 
EFTA00810641

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810642.pdf
----------------------------------------
Asset 
Management 
Viola Growth III Access LP 
Viola Growth III Access Offshore LP 
(together, "Viola Growth III Access" or the "Access Fund") 
May 2018 
Viola Growth Ill Access has not been launched yet as of the date above. Note that inlit Viola Growth Ill Access holds its first close. the Access Fund has not launched. This presentation is deivered solely as 
reference material with respect to Vida Growth III Access. an investment product Thal Goldman Sachs may offer in the future. 
This overview provided herein is delivered solely as reference material with respect to Viola Growth III Access and is for informational purposes any. It does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an 
offer to buy any interests in Viola Growth III Access: any such offering will occur only in accordance with the terms and condlions set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum pertaining to such partnership. 
Investments in Vida Growth III Access will be subject to substantial investment restrictions and will be illiquid: investors are strongly urged to review carefully the relevant offering memorandum and other 
documents pertaining to such partnership. Goldman Sachs does not provide accounting. tax or legal advice to its clients and 
investors are strongly urged to consult with their own advisors regardng any 
potential strategy or investment. This overview is confidential and may nol be reproduced or transferred. in whole or in pan. to any other party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. This deck 
is only approved for cistrthution within the US. For distribution to PWM investors outside of the US. PWM Compliance approval is required. 
Goldman Sachs is acting as placement agent for the Access Fund. The Access Find is being organized by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC or its affiliates (collectively. 'Goldman Sachs') and wd invest substantially 
all of its assets in Viola Growth III. L.P. ( 'Fund HID. The overview provided herein relates solely to the Access Fuld and does not constitute an oiler to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or any other 
marketing of any limited partner interests in Fund III. Investors in the Access Fund will not be limited partners in Fund Ill and will not have any of the rights of a limited partner in Fund III. 
Fund III will not be managed or otherwise controlled by Goldman Sachs. and an investment directly in Fund III is not an investment in a Goldman Sachs investment vehicle. Rod III will be managed by Viola 
(the 'Manager"), which is not an affiliate of Goldman Sachs. Except for information relating directly to Goldman Sachs. the information contained herein. inducing the desorption of Fund III. its management 
and investment strategies. has been provided to Goldman Sachs by the Manager. The views or opinions expressed in these materials are the views or opinions solely of the Manager. and Goldman Sachs 
neither agrees nor disagrees with those views and opinions. Goldman Sachs makes no representations. guarantees or warranties of any kind whatsoever regarding the materials provided by the Manager. 
Alternative Investments are suitable only for sophisticated investors for whom such investments do not constitute a complete investment program and who fully understand and are wing to assume the risks 
involved in Alternabve Investments. Alternative Investments by their nature. involve a substantial degree of risk, including the risk of total loss of an investor's capital. This strategy is Stable for investors who 
believe that there are benefits to be gained from investing in private securities. This strategy is not suitable for investors who cannot tolerate the lack of liquidity. Investors should understand that the Access 
Fund wit be investing in private searities and therefore the Access Fund's liquidity will be limited. Your capital will be put at risk and you may lose some or all of your Investment. Additionally. your 
investment xi be locked•up for a certain period of time. Your ability to redeem or transfer your investment or delay receipt of redemption or transfer proceeds may be limited. 
Private & Confidential — For Use with PWM Investors / Professional Investors Only 
EFTA00810642
--- PAGE 2 ---
Executive Summary 
Viola Growth Ill Access 
Asset 
Management 
Goldman Sachs seeks to provide access to Viola, an established and highly regarded investor in the Israeli 
technology sector 
Strategy 
Market 
Opportunity 
Team 
• Viola Growth III Access LP and Viola Growth III Access Offshore LP (together, the 'Access Fund") will invest in Viola 
Growth III, L.P. (the 'Fund" or 'Fund III"), a private equity vehicle managed by the Viola Group ("Viola" or the "Firm") 
• The Fund will pursue expansion phase investments in global technology companies that are based in Israel or have 
strong connections to Israel 
• Viola seeks to invest in companies that cater to a large global market and will not invest in "local only" businesses 
• The Israeli market is characterized by (1) significant R&D expenditures representing 4.3% of GDP compared to 2.8% In 
the U.S. and (2) one of the highest proportional shares of scientists and engineers per residents in the world, leading Israel 
to produce nearly 1,200 new technology start-ups each year' 
• Israel has an increasingly dynamic M&A environment, with exits totaling approximately $22 billion in 2017 compared to 
$700 million in 20102
• While Israel has an established venture capital and traditional buyout investing community, there are relatively fewer 
funds focused on growth equity investing 
• Founded in 1999 by Harel Beit-On, Avi Zeevi, Shlomo Dovrat, and the late Aharon Dovrat, Viola Group is an Israel-based 
investment firm that currently manages nearly $3 billion in AUM across five separately-managed strategies3
• The Firm has deep relationships within the community, recently hosting over 150 CEOs and founders of Israeli growth 
stage technology companies in Tel Aviv for the 2017 inaugural Israel Growth Summit 
• Established in 2008 by Harel Beit-On, Viola Growth is currently raising Fund III to continue the investment strategy and will 
primarily target companies with revenues over $10 million In the fields of cloud analytics, marketing, flntech, 
machine learning and cybersecurity 
Source: OECD. ?Source: IVC Research (as of 2017). Source: Gartner. 3As of December 31. 2017. Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary. There is no guarantee that 
these objectives wil be met. The Access Furd. unless otherwise noted, has not yet been launched. Some of the information contained herein may have been provided by the manager. Viola. and Goldman 
Sachs makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. 
Private & Confidential — For Use with PWM Investors / Professional Investors Only 
EFTA00810643
--- PAGE 3 ---
Preliminary Summary of Terms 
Viola Growth 
Minimum Subscription 
Management Fee' 
Carried Interest' 
Investment Period 
Fund Term 
Viola Growth III Access 
Viola Growth Ill. L.P. 
(Access Fund) 
(Fund III) 
St million 
$5 million 
See underlying Fund III: no additional fees for the 
Access Fund 
See underlying Fund 
no additional fees for the 
Access Fund 
Asset 
Management 
2.0% of commitments during the investment period, 
2.0% of commitments reduced by contributions for realized 
investments and write-offs thereafter 
20% carried interest, subject to a 5% preferred return 
Term will coincide with the term of Fund III 
years 
Term will coincide with the term of Fund III 
years, subject to two successive 1-year extensions 
For illustrative purposes only. Investment terms are prebrnnary and are subject to change in accordance with the oflenng documents. The descriptions set forth above are a summary of certain proposed 
terms and are not intended to be complete. This should not be construed as providing any assurance or guarantee as to the actual terms of the proposed fund. Goldman Sachs has no obligation to offer such 
a fund. If such a product is offered. please carefully review the offering documents and any supplements thereto (copies of which will be available upon request) for a complete description of all information 
regarding the fund including the fund's structure. terms, and portfolio charactensbcs. prior to making an investment decision. 'Please see the Viola Growth III Access Private Placement Memorandum. 
Goldman Sachs will receive a placement fee on aggregate Viola Growth III Access commitments: please see the Viola Growth III Access Private Placement Memorandum. There are no separate fees for the 
Access Fund. 
Private & Confidential — For Use with PWM Investors / Professional Investors Only 
EFTA00810644
--- PAGE 4 ---
Risk Considerations & Disclosures 
Viola Growth III Access 
Han 
Asset 
Management 
This overview is occidental and may not be reproduced or tnansferred, in whole or in part. to any other party that is not an employee. officer. director, or authorized agent of the recipient without the express 
written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
The material provided herein is for informational purposes only and deivered solely as reference material with respect to the Access Find. This overview does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of 
an offer to buy any iterests in the Access Fund. Any offering of the Access Fund will occur only in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in their Private Placement Memorandum. Prior to 
investing. investors are strongly urged to (a) carefully review the Private Placement Memorandum (including the risk factors deserted therein). the subscription agreement and as other documents pertaining 
to the Access Find. as well as the offering memorandum of Fund III. inducing the risk factors discussed in 'Risk Factors" contained in such offering memorandum (and which offering memorandum contains 
the beliefs. views and opinions solely of Viola as to which Goldman Sachs takes no responsibility and makes no representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever. except with respect to information 
relating drectly to Goldman Sachs). (0) ask such additional questions of Goldman Sachs Asset Management. L.P.. in its capacity as investment manager of the Access Find. as they deem appropriate and 
(c) discuss any prospective investment in the Access Fund with their legal and tax advisers in order to make an independent determination of the suitability and consequences of such an investment. 
Investment in the Access Fund is Stable only for sophisticated investors for whom an investment in the Access Fund does not constitute a complete investment program and wno fully understand. and are 
willing to assume. the risks involved in investing in the Access Fund. The possibility of partial or total loss of the Access Fund's capital exists. and prospective investors should not subscribe unless they can 
ready bear the consequences of such loss. My losses in the Access Fund will be borne solely by investors in the Access Fund and not by Goldman Sachs: therefore. Goldman Sachs' losses in the Access 
Fund MI be limited to losses attributable to the ownership interests in the Access Fund, if any. held by Goldman Sachs in its capacity as an investor in the Access Fund. Ownership interests in the Access 
Fund are not insured by the Federal Deposit Inswance Corponation, and are not deposits. obligations of. or endorsed or guaranteed in any way, by any banking entity. 
No person has been authorized to give any information a to make any representation, warranty, statement or assurance not contained in the Private Placement Memorandum and. it given or made. such 
other information or representation. warranty. statement or assurance may not be relied upon. 
Investors in the Access Fund will not be direct investors in or have contractual recourse against Find Ill or Viola. Limited Partners in Find III may receive additional information not provided to investors in 
the Access Fund. 
The offering of interests in the Access Fund Mil be made in reliance upon an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. as amended. for offers and sales of securities that do not involve a 
public offering. No public or other market will develop for the Access Fund's interests. which are higNy illiquid. Access Fund interests are not transferable without the consent of the general partner of the 
Access Fund. and the satisfaction of certain other conditions. including compliance with federal and state secuities laws. The Access Fund will not be registered as an investment company under the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1900. as amended (the "Investment Company Act'). The general partner of the Access Fund is requiring that each purchaser of interests in the Access Fund must be a 'qua/lied 
purchaser as defined in the Investment Company Act. 
Viola will impose significant fees. including incentive fees. on its investors (including the Access Fundy and such fees will reduce the Access Fund's returns. The Access Fund may invest in securities of non-
U.S. issuers. These investments are subject to risks relating to the legal. regulatory, economic and political environments of the relevant country or region. 
Certain information contained herein constitutes 'forward- looking statements." which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as *may."will."should.- 'expect." 'anticipate: 
*protect."'estimate."intencr 'continue' or 'believe' or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties. actual events or results or the 
actual performance of the Access Fund and Fund III may differ materially and adversely from those reflected or contemplated in the forward-looking statements. See 'Risk Factors' in the offering 
memoranda of the Access Fund and of Find Ill. 
To the extent this presentation is used by Private Wealth Management, this presentation is intended only to facilitate your discussions with Goldman Sachs as to the opportunities evadable to ow Private 
Wealth Management clients. The presentation is not intended to be used as a general guide to investing. It makes no implied or express recommendations to purchase or sal a security or concerning the 
manner rt which any client's account should or would be handled. as finding the appropriate investment strategies for a client will depend upon the clients investment objectives. 
Prospective investors should not rely on the fact that certain of Goldman Sachs' partners and employees and/or Goldman Sachs' managed funds may invest in Fund III given. among other considerations. 
differing investment objectives, relative risk tolerance and the size of the expected investment relative to the entire investment portfolios of Goldman Sachs' partners and employees and/or Goldman Sachs' 
managed funds. If such investment is made, the fees and other terms on which Goldman Sachs' partners and employees and/or Goldman Sachs' managed funds may invest may differ from, and be more 
favorable than. the terms upon which other investors Mil invest inducing potentially reduced or waived fees. None of Goldman Sachs. its partners or employees. funds managed by Goldman Sachs. or any 
of the.r respective affiliates is makig any independent investment decision. analysis or recommendation on behalf of any prospective investor with respect to the substantive merits of a potential investment 
Private & Confidential — For Use with PWM Investors / Professional Investors Only 
EFTA00810645
--- PAGE 5 ---
Risk Considerations & Disclosures 
Viola Growth III Access 
Asset 
Management 
in the Access Fund or the Access Fund's investment in Fund Ill and. therefore. except to the extent metered by law, none of Goldman Sachs. its partners or employees or their affiliates is acting as an 
adviser to investors, or has any fiduciary or other duty to investors, in connection with an investment in the Access Fund. Prospective investors in the Access Fund are responstle for making. and must 
make, their own assessment (together with their advisers) of the merits and risks of investing in the Access Fund. including by perfuming thee own legal. accounting and tax analysis of this offering. 
There may be conflicts of interest relating to Viola and Goldman Sachs. and between the Access Fund and thee service providers. inducing the investment manager and Goldman Sachs. who are engaged 
in businesses and have interests other than that of managing. distributing and otherwise providing services to the Access Fund. These activities and interests include potential multiple advisory. 
transactional, financial and other interests in securities and instruments that may be purchased or sold by Fund III, or in other investment vehicles that may purchase or see such securities and instruments. 
These are considerations of which investors in the Access Fund should be aware. Additional information relating to these conflicts is set forth er the applicable Private Placement Memorandum. 
Private equity investments are speculative, highly illiquid. involve a high degree of risk. have high fees and expenses that could reduce returns, and subject to the possibility of partial or total loss of fund 
capital: they are. therefore, intended for experienced and sophisticated long-term investors who can accept such risks. There can be no assurance that any objectives or targets stated in this material can be 
achieved; any targets provided are subject to change and do not provide any assurance as to future results. The ability of underlying funds to achieve their objectives or targets depends upon a variety of 
factors. not the least of Much are political. public market and economic conditions. My historical performance of individual partnerships shown is for informational purposes only and does not guarantee their 
future performance. which can vary considerably. The trading market for the securities of any portfolio investment of the underlying funds may not be sufficiently lipid to enable such funds to see such 
sectrities when it believes it is most advantageous to do so, or without adversely affecting the stock pica. In addition. such portfolio companies may be highly leveraged which leverage could have 
significant adverse consequences to these companies and the funds offered by AIMS Private Equity. Furthermore. restrictions on transferring interests in AIMS Private Equity funds may exist so prospective 
investors should be prepared to retain their investments in any AIMS Private Equity fund until the fund liqu dates. For a complete discussion of risks that are unique to a particular AIMS Private Equity fund. 
please refer to the respective fund's offering documents. which should be carefully reviewed prior to investing. 
Supplemental Risk Disclosure for MI Potential Direct and Indirect Investors in Hedge Funds and other private investment funds (collectively. "Alternative Investments") 
In connection with your consideration of an investment in any Alternative Investment. you should be aware of the 'cloning risks: 
Alternative Investments are subject to less regulation than other types of pooled investment vehicles such as mutual funds. 
Alternative Investments may impose significant fees, including incentive fees that are based upon a percentage of the realized and unrealized gains. and such fees may offset all or a significant portion of 
such Alternative Investment's trading profits. An individual's net returns may differ significantly from actual returns. 
Alternative Investments are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information. Investors may have fl ed rights with respect to their lwestments. including limited voting rights and 
participation in the management of the Alternative Investment. 
Alternative Investments often engage in leverage and other lwestment practices that are extremely speculative and involve a high degree of risk. Such practices may increase the volatility of 
performance and the risk of investment loss. inducing the loss of the entre amount that is invested. 
Alternative Investments may purchase instruments that are traded on exchanges located outside the United States that are 'principal markets' and are subject to the risk that the counterpart' will not 
perform with respect to contracts. 
Past performance does not guarantee future results. which may vary. The value of investments and the income derived from iwestments will fluctuate and can go down as well as up. A loss of principal 
may occur. 
Alternative Investments are offered in reliance upon an exemption from registration under the Semites Act of 1933. as amended. for ones and sales of sectaries that do not involve a public offering. 
No public or other market is available or will develop. Siniady, interests in an Alternative Investment are highly illiquid and generally are not transferable without the consent of the sponsor. and 
applicable securities and tax laws wM limit transfers. 
Alternative Investments may themselves invest in instruments that may be highly illiquid and extremely difficult to value. This also may limit you ability to redeem or transfer your investment or delay 
receipt of redemption or transfer proceeds. 
Alternative Investments are not required to provide their investors with periodic pricing or valuation information. 
Alternative Investments may involve complex tax and legal structures and accorcingly are only suitable for sophisticated investors. You are urged to consult with your own tax. accounting and legal 
Private & Confidential — For Use with PWM Investors / Professional Investors Only 
EFTA00810646
--- PAGE 6 ---
Risk Considerations & Disclosures 
Viola Growth III Accese 
Asset 
Management 
• 
advisers regarding any investment in any Alternative Investment. 
Prospective investors should inform themselves as to any applicable legal requirements and taxation and exchange control regulations in the countries of their citizenship. residence or domiole which 
might be relevant. 
No Distribution: No Offer or Solicitation. This material may not, without Goldman Sachs' prior written consent. be (i) copied. photocopied or duplicated in any form, by any means. or 0) distributed to any 
person that is not an employee. officer, director. or authorized agent of the recipient. This material is not an offer a solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security in any jurisdiction in which 
such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
UK Disclaimer 
This material is for your information only and is not intended to be used by anyone other than you. To the extent this presentation is used by Private Wealth Management. this presentation is intended only to 
(acetate your discussions with Goldman Sachs as to the opportunities available to our Private Wealth Management clients. This is not an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any 
security. This presentation is intended only to facilitate your discussions with Goldman Sachs International ('GSI'). who are authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. as to the opportunities available to our retail clients. The presentation is not intended to be used as a general guide to investing. or as a source of any 
specific investment recommendations, and makes no implied or express recommendations concerning the manner in which any clients account should or would be handled. as finding the appropriate 
investment strategies for a client wi depend upon the dents investment objectives. 
This presentation does not constitute an offer or solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlawful to make such 
offer or solicitation. It is the responsibility of any person or persons in possession of this material to inform themselves of and to observe all applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction. 
Prospective investors should inform themselves and take appropriate advice as to any applicable legal requirements and any applicable taxation and exchange control regulations in the countries of their 
citizenship, residence or domicile which might be relevant to the subscription. purchase. holdng. exchange. redemption or disposal of any investments. 
Information contained herein is believed to be reliable but no warranty is given as to its completeness or accuracy and views and opinions. whilst given in good faith. are subject to change without notice. 
GSI. andlor its affiliates (together 'Goldman Sachs") and its officers. directors, and employees. inducing persons rivolved in the preparation or issuance of this material. may from tine to time have 'long' or 
'short' positions n. or buy or set. or otherwise have a material interest in. the vwestments mentioned herein or in related investments including. without limitation. securities, commodities. derivatives 
(inducing options) or other financial products of companies mentioned herein. In addition. Goldman Sachs may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities by any such 
company within the past 12 months ardor may be the only marital maker in relation to ',vestments mentioned herein andor may be providing significant advice or investment services in relation to 
investments mentioned herein or related investments or have provided such advice or services within the previous 12 months. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance and the value of investments and the income derived from them can go down as well as in. Future returns are not guaranteed and a loss of principal 
may occur. Changes in exchange rates may cause the value of an investment to increase or decrease. Some investments may be restricted or illiquid. there may be no readily available market and there 
may be difficulty in obtaining reliable information about their value and the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed. Certain investments, including warrants and similar securities, often 
involve a high degree of gearing or leverage so that a relatively small movement in price of the underlying security or benchmark may result in a disproportionately large movement. infavonable as well as 
favorable. in the price of the warrant or similar security. In addition. certain investments, including futures. swaps. forwards. certain options and derivatives. whether on or off exchange. may involve 
contingent liability resulting in a need for the investor to pay more than the amount originally invested and may possibly result in unquantihable further loss exceeding the amount invested. Transactions in 
over-the-counter derivatives involve addtionat risks as there is no market on which to close out an open position: it may be impossible to liquidate an existing position, to assess the value of a position or to 
assess the exposure to risk. Investors should carefully consider whether such investments are suitable for them in light of their experience. circumstances and financial resources. 
No part of this material may be i) copied. photocopied or duplicated in any form. by any means. or ii) redstributed without the prior written consent of GSI. 
Indies are urrnanaged, and the figures for the index do not reflect any fees or expenses. We strongly recommend that these factors be taken into consideration before an investment decision is 
made. Investors cannot invest directly in indices. 
References to market or composite indices, benchmarks or other measures of relative market performance over a specified period of time (*benchmarks') are provided by Goldman Sachs for your 
information purposes only. Goldman Sachs does not give any commitment or undertaking that the performance of your account(s) will equal. exceed or track any benchmark. 
Private & Confidential — For Use with PWM Investors / Professional Investors Only 
EFTA00810647
--- PAGE 7 ---
Risk Considerations & Disclosures 
Viola Growth Ill Accese 
Asset 
Management 
GS may record telephone conversations and monitor emais between GS and you (and any of your authorised. connected or affiliated persons) for the purpose of evidencing your instructions. monitoring 
query of service. for compliance and security purposes. otherwise for GS's internal records or where required by Amicable Rules. 
This material has been approved for issue in the United Kingdom solely for the purposes of Section 21 of the Friancial Services and Markets Act 2000 by GSI. Peterborough Court. 133 Fleet Street. London 
EC4A 288. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority 
Certain aspects of the investment strategy described 
this presentation may from time to time kiciixle commodity interests as defined under applicable law. 
For investors based / receiving this document in the United Kingdom. This document may contact references to *non-mainstream pooled investments'. as darned in the UK friancial Conduct Auttoritis 
Handbook of Rules and Guidance (the 'FCA Handbook'). Non-mainstream pooled investments ildude (without limitation) unregulated collective investment schemes and certaM structured products. Where 
this document refers to non-mainstream pooled investments. this document and the non-mainstream pooled investments referred to within it has teen provided to you on the basis that you have 
demonstrated to Goldman Sachs that you fall within an exempt category of person to whom such an investment may lawfuly be promoted in accordance with the rules of the FCA Handbodc. including 
without limitation: 
a. Certified High Net Worth Investors: 
b. Professional or Eligible Counterparty clients: 
c. Certified Sophisticated Investors: 
d. Certified Self-Sophisticated Investors: or 
e. by virtue of this document amounting to an Excluded Communication. 
as such terms are defined in the FCA Handbook. 
II you are aware that the above exemptions do not apply or are no longer applicable to you. you must notify Goldman Sachs without delay and you must not pursue any of the investments highlighted in this 
document. 
Hongi<ong I Singapore 
This document has not teen delivered for registration to the relevant regulators or financial supervisory bodies n Hong Kong or Singapore. nor has its content been reviewed or approved by any financial 
supervisory body or regulatory authority. The information contained in this document is provided al your request and for your information only. It does not constitute an offer or invitation to subscribe for 
smithies or interests of any kind. Accordngly. unless permitted by the securities laws ol Hong Kong or Singapore. (i) no person may issue or cause to be issued this document. directly or indirectly. other 
than to persons who are professional investors. institutional investors. accredited investors or other approved recipients under the relevant laws or regulations (i) no person may issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue. this document. or any advertisement, invitation or document relating to it. whether in Hang Kong. Singapore or elsewhere. which is directed at. or the contents of *hob 
are likely to be accessed by. the public in Hong Kong or Singapore and (iii) the placement of securities or retests to the public in Hong Kong and Singapore is prohibited. Before iwesting in securities or
interests of any kind. you should consider whether the products are suitable for you. 
China I Indonesia I Phiieeines I Taiwan I Thaiand 
These materials are provided at you request and solely for your information. and in no way constitutes an offer. solicitation. advertisement or advice of, or in relation to. the relevant securities. kinds. or 
products by any of Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC ('GSALLC") or Goldman Sadie (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number 193602165W) rGSPE') in any jurisdiction in which such activity is unlawful. or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful Please note that neither GSALLC.GSPE. nor any other entities involved in the Goldman Sachs Asset Management business or Private Wealth Management businesses. that 
provides material and information. or enters or will enter into the relevant transactions. maintain any licenses. authorisations or registrations in the People's Republic of Chkia. the Republic of Indonesia. the 
Phippines. Taiwan or Thailand. Not all services or products can be made available in such countries or regions. Any particular offer ol securities. funds or products may not have been. and may not be. 
registered with the relevant authorities and commissions in such countries or regions pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations. and may therefore not be capable of being sold or offered n such 
countries or regions. The attached information is intended to be read by the addressee only. Before investing in securities or interests of any kind. you should consider whether the products are suitable for 
you. 
Private & Confidential — For Use with PWM Investors / Professional Investors Only 
EFTA00810648
--- PAGE 8 ---
Risk Considerations & Disclosures 
Viola Growth III Access 
Asset 
Management 
India 
For Private Circulation Only 
This Document and the enclosures herein do not constitute an offer to see or a solicitation of an offer to buy the investment product described (the "Investment Product') to any person other than the 
persons whose names are set out herein. This Document and the enclosures are not. and should not be construed as. a prospectus or offering memorandum. The Investment Product is not beng offered for 
sale or subscription. but being privately placed with a limited number of prospective investors. and prospective investors must seek legal advice as to whether they are entitled to subscribe the Investment 
Product and must comply with all relevant local laws in this respect. The attached information is intended to be read by the addressee only. 
Australia 
This material is being disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs & Co ('GSCo'): Goldman Sachs International ('GSI'): Goldman Sachs (Sngapore) Pte ('GSSP') and/or Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC 
('GSALLC'). 
In Australia. this document. and any access to it is intended only for a person that has first satisfied Goldman Sachs that: 
• The person is a Sophisticated or Professional Investor for the purposes of section 708 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Coln) ("Corporations Act'); or 
• The person is a wholesale client for the purposes of section 761G of the Corporations Act. 
No offer to acquire any financial product or interest in any securities or interests of any kind is being made to you in this document. If financial products or interests in any securities or interests of any knd do 
become available in the future, the offer may be arranged by an appropriately licensed Goldman Sachs entity in Australia ii accordance with section 911A(2)(b) of the Corporations Act. My offer will only be 
made in cicumstances where cliscbsures axltor disclosure statements are not required under Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act (as relevant). 
To the extent that any financial service is provided in Australia by GSCo, GSI, GSSP and/or GSALLC. those services are provided on the basis that they are provided only to 'wholesale clients", as defined 
for the paposes of the Corporations Act 
GSCo. GSI. GSSP and GSALLC are exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian Enancial Services Licence under the Corporations Act and do not therefore hold an Australian Financial Services 
Licence. GSCo is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under US laws: GSI is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority under laws in the United 
Kingdom: GSSP is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under Singaporean laws: and GSALLC is regulated by the Securities and Fumes Commission under Hong Kong laws: all ol which atter 
from Australian laws. Any financial services given to any person by GSCo. GS'. incite GSSP in Australa are provided pursuant to ASIC Class Orders 0311100: 03/1099: and 0311102 respectively. 
Thank you for reviewing this presentation which is ntended for educational purposes. Please review the important information below. 
Our Relationship with Clients. We may ad as an advisor or as a broker-dealer depending on our relationship with you, and may act as both for some dents. Cur role and obligations will vary depending 
on the capacity in which we act. Where we act as an advisor. ow primary role is to give you advice. help you manage your investments or. where amicable. help you hire another advisor to do so. Where 
we act as a broker, our primary role is to execute trades for you based on your instructions and any advice we give you is incidental to our brokerage services. How we are compensated by you (and 
sometimes by issuers or managers of investments who compensate us based on what you buy) and how yow Private Wealth Management team is compensated wit vary dependng on whether you are 
classified as a professional or retail client. have an advisory or brokerage account and on the investments we or you make in your account. and may change over time. Please ask us questions to make 
sure you understand your rights and our obligations to you. the dfference between advisory and brokerage accounts and / or how we are compensated based on the capacity in which we act. 
We are part of a full-service, integrated investment banking. investment management, and brokerage firm. Other firm businesses may implement investment strategies that are different from the strategies 
used or recommended for your portfolio. 
Pricing and Valuations. Prices. some of which are provided by third-party pricing services, are not guaranteed for accuracy. currency. or as realizable values. Certain positions may appear without a price if 
Goldman Sachs is unable to obtain a price ancVor the security is not actively traded. Pricing sources and methods are available upon request and are subject to change. 
Investment Risks. Risks vary by the type of investment. For example, investments that involve futwes. equity swaps. and other derivatives. as well as non-investment grade secuities. give rise to 
substantial risk and are not available to or suitable for al investors. We have described some of the risks associated with certain investments below and. in certain cases. earlier in this presentation. 
Addtorial information regarding risks may be available in the materials provided in connection with specific investments. You should not enter into a transaction or make an investment unless you 
Private & Confidential — For Use with PWM Investors I Professional Investors Only 
EFTA00810649
--- PAGE 9 ---
Risk Considerations & Disclosures 
Viola Growth III Across 
Asset 
Management 
and mama co 
n. 
Alternative Investments. Alternative nvestments may nvoNe a substantial degree of risk. including the risk of total loss of an investor's capital and the use of leverage, and therefore may not be 
appropriate for all investors. Private equity. private real estate. hedge funds and other alternative investments structured as private investment funds are subject to less regulation than other types of pooled 
vehicles and liquidity may be limited. Investors in private investment funds should review the Offering Memorandum. the Subscription Agreement and any other applicable disdosures for risks and potential 
conflicts ol interest. Terms and conditions governing private investments are contained in the applicable offering documents.whid, also include information regarcirg the liquidity of such investments. Mid, 
may be tinned. 
Conflicts of Interest. From time to time. Goldman Sachs may be an active participant on both sides of the market for the underlying securities, commodities, futures. options or any other derivative or 
instrument identical or related to those mentioned in this presentation (together 'the Investment"). Goldman Sachs at any time may have long or short positions in. or buy and sell Investments (on a principal 
basis or otherwise) identical or related to those mentioned in this presentation. Goldman Sachs hedging and tradrg activities may affect the value of the Investments. 
Goldman Sachs engages in market making, investing and lending businesses for its own account and the accounts of its affiliates in the same or simiar instruments underlying OTC derivative transactions 
(includng such trading as Goldman Sachs deems appropriate in its sole discretion to hedge its market risk in any OTC derivative transaction whether between Goldman Sachs and you or with thid parties) 
and such tradrg may affect the value ol an OTC derivative transaction. 
Entities Providing Services. This presentation is intended only to facilitate your discussions with the applicable Goldman Sachs entity inducing. but not limited to. Goldman. Sachs 8 Co.. Goldman Sachs 
International. Goldman Sachs AG. Goldman Sachs Bank (Europe) plc. Goldman Sachs Paris Inc. et Cie.. Goldman Sachs (Monaco) S.A.M.. Goldman Sachs Saudi Arabia. Goldman Sachs Bank AG. GS 
International Sucursal en Espana. Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte (Company Number 198502165W). Goldman Sachs Australia Ply Ltd (ACN 006 797 897) and Brazil by 
Goldman Sachs do Brasil Banco mcripio S.A. as to the opportunities evadable to our private wealth management clients. In connection with its distribution n the United Kingdom. this material has been 
issued and approved by Goldman Sachs International which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation AuthoMy and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. This 
material has been approved for issue in the United IGngdom solely for the purposes ol Section 21 ol the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 by Goldman Sachs International. Peterborough Court. 133 
Fleet Street. London EGA MB: by Goldman Sachs Canada. in connection with its distnbuticn in Canada: in the United Slates by Goldman. Sachs 8 Co.: in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) LL.C.: in 
Korea by Goldman Sec's (Asia) LL.C.. Seoul Branch: in Japan by Goldman Sachs (Japan) Ltd: in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Ply Ltd (ACN 006 797 897): and in Singapore by Goldman Sachs 
(Singapore) Pte. (Company Number 19862165W). 
In Australia. this document, and any access to it is intended only for a person that has first satisfied Goldman Sachs that: the person is a Sophisticated or Professional Investor for the purposes of section 
708 ol the Corporations Act of Australia: and the person is a wholesale client for the purpose ol section 761G of the Corporations Act of Australia. To the extern that Goldman. Sadn 8 Co (GSCo). 
Goldman Sadn (Asia) LL.C. (GSALLC). ander Goldman Sachs International (GSI) are providing financial services in Australia. GSCo. GSALLC and GSI are exempt from the requirement to hold an 
Australian financial services licence for the financial services they provide in Australia. GSCo is authorized arid regulated by the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission under US laws: GSALLC is 
regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission under Hong Kong laws: and GSI is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority under UK laws. 
each of which differ from Australian laws. 
Tax Information. Goldman Sachs does not provide legal. tax or accounting advice. My statement contained in this presentation concerning U.S. tax matters is not intended or written to be used and 
cannot be used for the purpose of avoiding penalties imposed on the reieValli taxpayer. You should obtain your own independent tax advice based on your particular cicumstances. 
We refer you to the Private Placemenl Memorandum and the offering memorandum of the Access Fund for a more complete discussion of the risks relating to an investment in any particular Alternative 
Investment. You we urged to read all of the offering materials. including each entire offering memorandum. prior to any investment in any Alternative Investment. and to ask questions of GSAM ol such 
Alternative Investment. 
Although certain information has been obtained from solaces believed to be reliable. we do not guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. We have relied upon and assumed without independent 
verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information available from public sources. 
Confidentielit 
No part of this material may. without GSAM's prior written consent, be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form, by any means, or (i) distributed to any person that is not an employee. officer. 
director. or authorized agent of the recipient. 
ID 2018 Goldman Sachs. All rights reserved. Compliance code: 130261-O1U-750966 
Private & Confidential — For Use with PWM Investors / Professional Investors Only 
EFTA00810650
--- PAGE 10 ---
Risk Considerations & Disclosures 
Viola Growth III Accese 
Asset 
Management 
The information on the following pages has been provided by third party sources. Goldman Sachs is not responsible for 
the content, accuracy, completeness or fairness of such information. Goldman Sachs makes no representations, 
guarantees or warranties of any kind whatsoever regarding such information. Any such information is intended for 
information purposes only, and any views or opinions expressed therein are the views or opinions of that third party. 
Goldman Sachs has relied upon and assumed (without independent verification) the accuracy and completeness of such 
information and neither agrees nor disagrees with the content herein. 
Private & Confidential - For Use with PWM Investors / Professional Investors Only 
EFTA00810651
--- PAGE 11 ---
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
VIOLA GROWTH 
Growth Investments in Scaling Israeli 
Technology Companies 
May 2018 
Confidential I 1 
EFTA00810652
--- PAGE 12 ---
VIOLA GROWTH 
Technology Growth Equity Fund, 
Focused on Investments in Israeli, 
Innovative, Global Companies at 
Expansion Phase 
Our Primary Drivers of Return are 
Growth and Excellence 
EFTA00810653
--- PAGE 13 ---
WHY VIOLA 
GROWTH? 
Brand-
Proprietary 
Access 
Valuation 
Discipline 
Industry 
Pioneers 
High 
Hit Rate 
Highly 
Selective 
VC Returns, 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Hands-on 
Largest 
Downside Protection- 
Partnership 
*See case studies for examples. 
EFTA00810654
--- PAGE 14 ---
bk, r VIOLA 
GROWTH 
OPPORTUNITY 
EFTA00810655
--- PAGE 15 ---
ISRAELI 
INNOVATION 
Hl frkLL-TIME HIGH 
Source IVC 
V
EFTA00810656
--- PAGE 16 ---
GROWTH ROUNDS 
DOMINATING 
INVESTMENT 
ACTIVITY 
Leading Category 
Since 2014 
Total Investment in Israeli Startups ($B) 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
Source: NC Research Center Ltd, 2018 
Confidential 16 
Ifr 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
..4°
h
------- 52
4.8 
3.4 
4.3 
2015 
2016 
2017 
EFTA00810657
--- PAGE 17 ---
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Number of Growth Rounds by Year 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
------------------------
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
2011 
2012 
2013 
Growth Rounds - Total Money Raised ($B) 
0.61 
2010 
Source: ePitChBOOk
, 2078
1.19 
201
0.96 
0.87 
2.11 
2.45 
2.68 
2.97 
Confidential 1 7 
GROWTH ROUNDS AT ALL TIME HIGH 
EFTA00810658
--- PAGE 18 ---
INCREASE 
IN NO. OF LARGE 
INVESTMENT 
ROUNDS 
Number of Financing Deals 
>$30M 
OSimilarWeb pa Kneer edatorama eutbrain T  stomoot tuOlkag3 .O0PsFiVar 
Selected Deals? $30M in 2017 
sour.. 
IPitchBook .201. 
EFTA00810659
--- PAGE 19 ---
O 
• 
EXITS 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Confidential 19 
EXITS GETTING LARGER 
Exits Above $200M ($M) 
Non Unicorn 
Unicorn 
Total 
VIOLA 
Source: SVC Research 2018, V 
DATA 
21.715 
TOP EXITS IN 2017 
ONeuroDerm 
k•Valtech 
eForeScout 
simpliVity 
APPLAUSE °
GIGYA 
-iSkycure 
Aeronautics 
Mtsubtshr Tanabe Marne 
IPO 
HPE 
• 
ARISTOCRAT 
SIGNET
0Symantec 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Proprietary and confidential 19 
EFTA00810660
--- PAGE 20 ---
V
GROWTH 
INCREASING STRATEGIC PARTICIPATION 
(liguazio 
citi 
DAIMLER. 
redu 
%BlueVine 
StoreDot 
Gett di 
2016 
2017 
2015 
Count of Growth Investment Rounds with 
DAIMLER. 
°VIC) 
Strategic Involvement 
Co.00601, 10 
SOC.., 
`
V= 
EFTA00810661
--- PAGE 21 ---
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
The graph 
demonstrates 
pre & post 
money 
valuation in 
growth 
rounds 
The results are 
biased towards 
higher valuations 
due to the round 
valuations being 
publicized mostly for 
large rounds 
STABILIZATION AFTER VALUATION INCREASE 
19.4 
71.9 
52.4 
52.5 
39.9 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
Source: 
V 
VIOLA 
DATA 
168.7 
83.4 
75.1 
67.4 
183.6 
200 
202.1 
136.6 
90.3 
32.6 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
L 
Median Pre Money Valuation 
Median Post Money Valuation 
y 
VIOLA 
DATA 
EFTA00810662
--- PAGE 22 ---
OPPORTUNITY FOR GROWTH INVESTORS 
V
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Seed Ecosystem 
YL VENTURES 
lool ventures 
inirniti 
2B4igek 
F2 Ventures 
the 111 ie 
[Ti] 
wiTIMM% 
nsome.. 
m," 
DISRUPT $ IVE 
*OurCrowd 
MCRAE 
'1ELEVATOlir 
Source: WC 
Confidential 1 12 
;CAE pAN 
UQ 
Angels 
IMITI 
up WEST 
<initial:capital> 
VCs 
V 
VIOLA 
g 
3NORTH 
VENTURES •
014 -11-ei
ar,tazeone 
lkpeallm capital markets 
GROVE Li 
VINTURLS 
'3magma 
SOM V 
Its.W21E; 
Ithosla ventures 
rap 
Moen= Una Warne 
TVENTURE 
nielsen 
Gas 
CASH. 
Cltl 
CAPITAL 
ALEPH 
41VP 
VIIYACKPRIIR 
SIPGARRICAMS)
Glilot 
CNERTEX 
nnntromeu 
USVP 
NEA. 
0seezreg 
QUALCOAMA 
HEARST 
Bag?: el 
SingTel 
6i) capital Microsoft Ventures 
Santander 
rg tees 
"Th 
SUM PINCIAN 
ago 
EMC 
VENTURES 
*PP 
Mao* 
4,44t1r* 
Growth Funds 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
O il
L
I
P
P
'J magma 
Vintage 
itlidDeOT 
AJVP 
FP 
SILVERLAKE 
SaC 
(iOld hS 
man 
RE 
PIMP 
SGE 
VECTOR CAPITAL 
'Ansa StenErri 
SUMMIT 
PARTNERS 
itAkantrifainPV 
..wAYPOINT 
CAP I TAL 
ETPG 
<fay 
KKR 
GenwalCsta/rit 
= SoftBank 
CRED I 
V
r
VIOLA 
CREDIT 
KREOS ff)CAPITAL 
ffffffffff 
CLARIDGE 
SVB> 
EFTA00810663
--- PAGE 23 ---
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
STRATEGY 
EFTA00810664
--- PAGE 24 ---
We Believe Israel 
Will Continue to 
Produce 
Billion Dollar 
Global 
Companies. 
• 
I.
Confidential 114 
• 
EFTA00810665
--- PAGE 25 ---
FOCUS 
PROFITABILITY 
Israel related technology 
companies 
STAGE 
Expansion phase — with high-
to-moderate growth rate 
• Above $10M annual 
revenues 
HOLDINGS 
• Active minority 
or 
• Occasional Control 
MANAGEMENT 
Strong team with ability to 
scale 
• Proven business model with a 
path to profitability 
• Focus on unit economics 
MARKET 
Global, Large, Growing 
POSITIONING 
Potential for category 
leadership 
• Barriers to entry 
TIME-TO-EXIT 
3-5 years — focus on liquidity 
CHECK SIZE 
$15-40M 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
EFTA00810666
--- PAGE 26 ---
Stage 
Growth rate 
Valuation 
Round Participation 
Downside Protection 
Allocation 
Governance 
Return* 
EARLY GROWTH 
Earlier 
High 
Disciplined 
Pre-strategic/PE round 
Regular 
Average -Several Tranches 
Major Influence 
3x-5x (5-7 Yrs) 
Potential for Outsize 
Average Holdings 
20% 
EXPANSION 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Established 
Hyper 
Relatively High 
Final round with strategic 
Strong 
Large Cheque- One Tranche 
Board Representation 
Co-investment Opportunity 
2x-3x (2-3 Yrs) 
10% 
*Any Projections or Targets provided are subject to change and are current as of the date of this presentation. Projections or Targets are objectives and 
do not provide any assurance as to future results. The projected returns presented are gross and do not reflect the deduction of fees or expenses, which 
will reduce returns. 
EFTA00810667
--- PAGE 27 ---
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Strategy 
Scale 
Growth 
Operational Focus 
• 
Weekly meetings with management 
Board Seats (2 Chairmen) in VG II 
• 
Ecosystem Leverage 
EFTA00810668
--- PAGE 28 ---
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
VIOLA 
EFTA00810669
--- PAGE 29 ---
VIOLA 
Israel's Leading Tech-
Oriented Investment 
Group 
VVVVV 
VIOLA 
VIOLA 
VIOLA 
VIOLA 
VIOLA 
VENTURES 
CREDIT 
GROWTH 
PARTNERS 
FINTECH 
Backing the Leading Tech Companies in Israel 
Is ironSource 
PaKrieer 
nutbrain 
VAT B.X 
QPerfecto 
playbuzz 
redislabs 
OSimilarWeb 
= CdorChip 
ciera 
Founded 
in 2000 
$2.8 Billion AUM, 
Global Investor Base 
-200 Companies 
Isor VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Early Stage VC, Credit 
& Growth 
Broad Ecosystem 
with >10,000 People 
and Strong Access 
One Stop Shop for Tech Companies 
Throughout Their Lifecycles 
EFTA00810670
--- PAGE 30 ---
VIOLA DATA 
PROPRIETARY 
INSIGHTS 
Exits 
Valuations 
Domains 
Benchmarks 
Confidential 1 20 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
aossasitilLeaSlifa 
=cm sis
i 
Israeli Funding Rounds 
Kosisornadolis 
MO. 
Cam.. 
"AC
2015 
) 
toss ) ( tote )
sou) 
Ossoonses Osos 
S.Ossosonts. 
IL mums 
a Deals 
Total Money Raised (SM1 
Median Deal (SM) 
ion Oson SS Ws 
1,805 
16.542 
IMILV90V6 
MOW VO 
Total Money Raised (SM) 
LA...groom. 
Iks,asia 
Mk • Ws., or Dui Stu 6Ati 
'0000 
lisausIsnss. 
Seam Les. 
m-m 
32.00 
3200 
3.50 
gaxessi. 
M2C
I 
ZIE2 
All 
DATA 
EFTA00810671
--- PAGE 31 ---
OUR COMMUNITY 
VIOLA 
PLUS 
V 
VIOLA 
PLUS 
CFO 
viola+ Events in 2017 
• SaaS KPIs 
• Operations in China 
• 
• Setting up Shop in China 
• Chinese Politics in Business 
• --- 
V 
VIOLA 
PLUS 
CMO 
• Marketing as a Strategy 
• Building Winning Tech Brands 
VIOLA 
PLUS 
• Employee Branding 
• Global Growth 
• Preparing for an Exit 
PRODUCT 
PLUS 
• Product Roles in Different Organizations 
• Merging Companies & Products 
EFTA00810672
--- PAGE 32 ---
Israel 
Growth 
2017 Summit 
Over 120 CEOs & Founders of Israel's 
leading growth stage tech companies 
Community created, sharing invaluable 
insights and experiences on growing large 
companies in Israel 
Partnership with the Israel Growth Forum 
led by WIX 
Confidential 22 
EFTA00810673
--- PAGE 33 ---
VIOLA GROWTH 
First, Largest & 
Leading Tech Growth 
Investor in Israel 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Funds 
$44OIV Under 
Management 
Investments To Date 
Fully 
Investments 
Invested 
behalf
mobile  
hirs-644 GAON 
VAT B< X 
itamar 
*Including 2 Partial Exits 
l)eganiAMedical 
RRMedia 
• SimilarWeb 
Gross 
Exits* 
S U N 
A Y 
S K Y 
Aeronautilas 
CIRErnad 
atomy 
LA3TiMAX I 
playbuzz 
EFTA00810674
--- PAGE 34 ---
VIOLA GROWTH PARTNERSHIP 
V
VONA 
GROVIIIHN 
Harel Beit-On 
Founder, 
General Partner 
Sami Totah 
General Partner 
Ayal Shiran 
General Partner 
Partners 
Jonathan Kolber 
Partner 8c Senior Advisor 
Natalie Refuah 
Partner 
Eran Westman 
Partner 
Rafi Carmeli 
Partner 
OVER 150 YEARS OF OPERATIONAL EXPERIENCE 
DIVERSIFIED BACKGROUNDS 
LARGEST PARTNERSHIP IN ISRAELI GROWTH 
Confidential 124 
EFTA00810675
--- PAGE 35 ---
INTRODUCING OUR NEW PARTNERS 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Eran Westman 
Partner 
Joining VG in July 2018 towards Fund III 
Former CEO and President of Vidyo with over 20 years 
of business leadership experience and a demonstrated 
track record of guiding sales organizations to the next 
level of growth. 
Prior to his appointment to CEO and President of 
Vidyo, Eran served as Chief Revenue Officer at the 
company where he led their global sales and support 
efforts. 
Former EVP of Global Business, President of APAC and 
VP of EMEA at Ceragon Networks. Eran assisted in 
transforming Cergaon into a global organization of 
over 800 employees managing a budget of over 
$100M and leading the GTM strategy. 
Bachelor of Law degree from Bar Ilan University. 
• Joining VG in July 2018 towards Fund III 
• 14 years of transaction experience as investment 
' 
• 
banker and corporate attorney. 
Rafi Carmeli 
Partner 
Former Senior Vice President and Head of Emerging 
FinTech at Goldman Sachs NY where he sourced, led 
and executed numerous transactions across M&A, 
equity and debt, as well as Growth tech financial 
investments. 
• Former Corporate Attorney at S. Horowitz & Co. 
specializing in M&A and financing transactions. 
• B.A. in Economics and LL.B in law from the University of 
Haifa and an MBA (with Honors) from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business. 
• Rafi served in the Israeli Submarines and is a member 
of the Israel Bar Association. 
Confidential 125 
EFTA00810676
--- PAGE 36 ---
V
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
VIOLA GROWTH TEAM 
Investment Team 
Finance 
IR 
Marketing 
" IN 
k • 
lig 
i 
fl 
t. 
Lt1
..,4, • 
. 
4...%
BI 
Yair 
Tomer 
Itzik 
Shy 
S. Fitz Haney 
Orly 
Merav 
Noya 
Dor 
Weizman 
Meridor 
Avidor 
Amar 
Group Partner; 
Setton 
Meluban 
Lizor 
Polovincik 
Senior Analyst 
Analyst 
Group CFO 
Director of 
Head of Strategic 
Investor 
Head of Marketing 
Director of 
BI Manager 
Finance 
Development 
Relations 
Content 
Confidential 126 
EFTA00810677
--- PAGE 37 ---
Data Driven 
Sourcing 
PROPRIETARY MARKET ACCESS 
-wiew 
Network 
te' 
Portfolio 
Group Brand & 
Market Leadership 
V 
EFTA00810678
--- PAGE 38 ---
Early Stage Categories 
Confdential l28 
CURRENT & FUTURE INVESTMENT AREAS 
Source: 
DAT 
Nr 
V1O14 
A 
V
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Growth Stage Categories* 
Note: Early Stage Security Companies Funding is Characterized by Rounds .$20M 
•Rounds >$20M & B Series Onwards 
EFTA00810679
--- PAGE 39 ---
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
NETWORK 
Label 
Israeli VCs & Growth Funds 
VCs & Growth Funds 
Corporate / Strategic 
Other 
Node 
Single Co-Investment 
Multiple Co-Investments 
• • • • 
• 
Confidential 129 
Spark 
Maven°, Ventures 
'Iola Partners 
Yossi Vardi 
Naspers 
Gredr Walden 
Index 
Intel 
q
uoia Capital 
B behalf 
Cr )
In ii`SiMilarWeb 
a 
Stage 
nted
Accel 
VATBOX 
firmyThings 
•ban Capital 
Viola Credit 
Global Target 
Duetsche Telekom 
Iris Capital 
FA 
zend 
'IX] 
Viola Growth 
ela 
Ventures 
playbuzz 
mobile Access 
Mango 
Sap 
Ainsbury 
InterGamma 
RR Media 
lit
Kardan 
11tiULICF1 
KC PS 
Menora 
Beresheit Fund 
Leumi 
Ban Shiloah 
Publicis Group 
itarnar 
Mizrahi Tefabot 
Brosh Capital 
The Time 
83North 
Genesis 
First Tioigney 
Poalim Ventures 
Yalin Lapidot 
Migdal 
)(VIOLA 
DATA 
EFTA00810680
--- PAGE 40 ---
VIOLA 
GROWTH LPs 
,niN) 
GROVE STREET 
ADVISORS 
SIEMENS 
MIG0AL 
Jewish 
Federation of 
Cleveland 
PSAGOT 
unr 
A
PARAGON 
OUTCOMES 
US 
Family Offices 
fioldnian 
>act's 
-) Phoenix 
NVP 
NORWEST VENTURE 
PARTNERS. 
ENNIO 
BMW Or MAIM 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
MILL CREEK 
Creri Amoxs, 11.0 
SABAN 
Capital Group, Inc. 
3Ecum. 
ALTERNATIVE 
INVISMINT IlANAGMINT LIG 
CLARIDGE 
it bared 
printers 
LIFE
411 
CHINA 
FE 
China & HK 
Family Offices 
Confidential 130 
EFTA00810681
--- PAGE 41 ---
VIOLA GROWTH FUNDS - OVERVIEW 
Viola Growth I (Vintage 2008) 
y
GROWTH 
Confidential 131 
# Investments 
# Investments 
Total 
Commitments 
$163.8m 
Total 
Commitments 
$273.5m 
Capital 
Contributions 
$163.8m 
100% of commitments 
Capital 
Contributions 
$189.8m 
69.1% of commitments 
Total Value 
Realized 
$203.7m 
124.3% of capital 
contributions 
Total Value 
Realized 
Total Amount 
Distributed (*) 
$174.3m 
106.4% of capital 
contributions 
Total Amount 
Distributed 
TVPI (Total Value/ 
Paid-In) Gross/Net 
1.27x / 1.27x 
TVPI (Total Value/ 
Paid-In) Gross / Net 
1.38x / 1.31x 
Fund Gross / Net MR 
9.5% / 5.4% 
Fund Gross/Net IRR 
27.5% / 16.4% 
DPI (Distributed/ 
Paid in) 
1.06 
DPI (Distributed/ 
Paid in) 
*including a recalled amount of $5.7m. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Gross figures are net of 
management fees but gross of carried interest. Net figures are net of management fees and carried interest. 
As of Dec. 31, 2017 
EFTA00810682
--- PAGE 42 ---
Viola Growth I 
$164M Under 
Management 
Exits* 
Tech & 
Industrial 
$14M Av. Check 
Moderate 
Deployment Pace 
* 2 Partial Exits 
REFINING OF 
STRATEGY 
REBRANDING 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Viola Growth II 
I Under 
Management 
Up-rounds 
Growth Tech 
Focused 
Av.Check 
Faster 
Deployment Pace 
EFTA00810683
--- PAGE 43 ---
vni A rePrwm-i II 
AGGREGATE PORTFOLIO 
GROWTH 
Revenue Net Growth YoY 
gra 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Confidential 133 
Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that historical trends will continue during the fund's term 
EFTA00810684
--- PAGE 44 ---
VIOLA 
GROWTH II 
Deployment 
Pace on Track 
in $M 
Graph shows targeted deployment period-
remainder of funds following this period and after 
management fee deduction are reserved for 
follow-on investments. 
Deployed capital takes into account amounts 
invested using a bridge loan. 
Theoretical 
Actual 
IF
F  VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Confidential 134 
EFTA00810685
--- PAGE 45 ---
V
GROWTH 
SimilarWeb 
S U N 
D A Y 
S K Y 
itamar 
medical 
VAT BMX 
B behalf 
Early Growth 
Expansion 
ZI
TiM AX 
playbuzz 
Exit Readiness 
Confidential 135 
VIOLA GROWTH II- BALANCED PORTFOLIO 
EFTA00810686
--- PAGE 46 ---
E-COMMERCE 
A Leading E-commerce Company 
Selling High-quality Prescription 
Eyewear at Attractive Prices, Mainly to 
the US Consumer Market, Offering 
Both Branded 8t Private- Label Eyewear 
Cost of investment: 
$22.5M 
Fair Value: 
$64.9M 
Fair Value/Cost: 
288.4% 
As of Dec. 31, 2017 
Confidential 136 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Date of investment: 
Mar. 2015 
VG Holdings: 
44.1% (FD) 
Exit Expectations: 
Other Shareholders: 
2020 
Private Investors 
IPO / Strategic MLA 
VALUE CREATION 
V 
VIOLA 
0ANYAMI 
27.5 
October 2017 
Round D - $29M 
(+S2M secondary) 
March 2015 
Round C - $11M 
(+$1.5M secondary) 
TRIVEKTURES 
*bank &Imam 
133.5 
30.1 
10.2 
15.3 
2014 
2015 
ublic 
Gross 
Revenues (5M) 
EFTA00810687
--- PAGE 47 ---
Global Multi-device Market 
Intelligence for Understanding, 
Tracking and Growing Digital 
Market Share 
Cost of investment: 
$25.0M 
Fair Value: 
$25.0M 
Fair Value/Cost: 
100% 
As of Dec. 31, 2017 
Confidential 137 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Date of investment: 
Mar. 2017 
VG Holdings: 
6.6% (FD) 
Exit Expectations: 
2022 
IPO / Strategic M&A 
Other Shareholders: 
NASPERS 
SABAN VENTURES 
Private /)Public 
SELECTED CUSTOMERS 
op 
LG Go gle 
P
I 
HSBCCD aN 
it 
COMCAST 
14.9 
40.6 
■ 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Revenues 
($m) 
EFTA00810688
--- PAGE 48 ---
SIGNIFICANT MOMENTUM IN FUND II 
Recent Uprounds 
V
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
VAT BOX 
August 2015 
520M 
(+53.5M secondary) 
January 2017 
519M 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
135 
(1)
 RATGET
GIMBAL 
June 2016 
$25M 
139 
C GLOBESPAN 
(Amu minim., 
179 
August 2017 
$9M 
B behalf 
C 0 
> a 
>, 2 
E 
VI 
0. 
V 
GROWTH 
125 
V 
VIOLA 
CHM 
S() 
It ()ti 
IloDiPTIMAX
erWear 
Lyn en ag 
167 
August 2016 
March 2016 
$30M 
515M 
V 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
TR !VENTURES 
*bank hapoalim 
133.5 
March 2015 
511M 
(+$1.5M secondary) 
October 2017 
529M 
(+52M secondary) 
Confidential I 38 
Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that historical trends will continue during the fund's term 
EFTA00810689
--- PAGE 49 ---
VIOLA 
GROWTH II 
Portfolio 
Snapshot 
OPTIMAX 
Online retailer for 
prescription eye-glasses 
mainly in the US 
Date of Investment 
March 2015 
Total VG 
Investment 
$22.5M' 
U 
A V 
C,3 V 
Personalized, real-time 
smart-video for brands to 
interact with customers 
Date of Investment 
June 2016 
Total VG 
Investment 
$20.9M 
VATB41,X 
Automated VAT reclaim 
and recovery for global 
companies 
Date of Investment 
August 2015 
Total VG 
Investment 
9.5 P,1 
p behalf 
B2B payments platform 
targeted to SMBs, offering 
short-term financing 
Date of Investment 
August 2016 
Total VG 
Investment 
S21.7M 
• itamar 
medical 
Diagnostic medical devices 
for sleep and 
cardiovascular markets 
Date of Investment 
November 2015 
Total VG 
Investment 
523.7M 
SimilarWeb 
Digital market 
intelligence platform 
Date of Investment 
March 2017 
Total VG 
Investment 
$25.0M 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Governed and 
collaborative enterprise 
grade BI software 
Date of Investment 
December 2015 
Total VG 
Investment 
$25.0M 
plwbuzz 
Publishing platform optimized 
for sharing and engagement 
Date of Investment 
September 2017 
Total VG 
Investment 
$15.0M 
Confidential I 39 
*As of April, 2017 
EFTA00810690
--- PAGE 50 ---
VIOLA GROWTH III 
Growth Tech Focused Fund 
$400M 
Fund size 
- 12-14 
Investments 
Confidential I40 
•
$20-40M 
Investment per 
company 
Bifurcated 
Strategy 
Initial Closing 
Expected in 
Q3 2018 
EFTA00810691
--- PAGE 51 ---
V 
VIOLA GROWTH III 
Terms 
Fund Term 
Years + extensions 
GP & Affiliates 
Commitment 
> $20M 
•
Management Fee 
2% per annum 
•
Carried Interest 
20% 
5% 
EFTA00810692
--- PAGE 52 ---
THANK YOU 
VIOLA 
GROWTH 
Cc 
Jai 42 
EFTA00810693

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810694.pdf
----------------------------------------
Indefeasible Right to Use Agreement 
This Indefeasible Right to Use Agreement (the "Agreement") is effective as of the last date 
signed ("Effective Date"), is by and between the Virgin Islands Telephone Corporation dba 
Viya, a United States Virgin Islands limited liability company with a principal place of business 
at 4611 Tutu Park, Suite #200, St. Thomas, VI 00802 ("Viya") and Little St. James, LLC., a 
United States Virgin Islands limited liability company with a principal place of business at A, B, 
& C Little St. James Island, 6B Red Hook Quarter, St. Thomas, VI 00802 ("Customer"). 
WHEREAS, Customer and Viya are party to a Services Agreement whereby Viya will 
deliver telecommunications services (the "Services") to Customer's premises on the terms and 
conditions provided therein; 
WHEREAS, in order to facilitate and as an inducement to Viya to deliver the Services, 
Customer has agreed to provide Viya with an indefeasible right of use of Customer's Fibers (as 
defined below) on the terms and conditions provided herein; 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and covenants made herein, the 
parties hereby agree as follows: 
1. Definitions 
For purposes of this Agreement, the 
following 
terms 
have 
the 
following 
definitions: 
"Affiliate" means, with respect to a party, 
any 
firm, 
corporation, 
partnership, 
association, trust or other person or entity, 
whether now or hereafter existing, that 
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled 
by, or is under common control with that 
party. 
"Customer Fibers" means the fibers, 
conduit, and any other appurtenances thereto 
identified in Exhibit 1. 
"Commencement Date" means the date that 
Viya accepts delivery of the Customer Fibers 
in accordance with Section 3.2. 
"End Points" means the termination points 
of the Customer Fibers to which the Parties 
may mutually agree as specified in Exhibit 1, 
with the costs of any termination equipment 
to be borne by Customer. 
"Governmental Authority" means any 
federal, 
state, 
regional, 
county, 
city, 
municipal, 
local, 
territorial, 
or 
tribal 
government, whether foreign or domestic, or 
any department, agency, bureau or other 
administrative or regulatory body obtaining 
authority from any of the foregoing. 
"Insolvency Event" means (1) a receiver, 
administrator or similar officer is appointed 
over any assets or business of Customer; (2) 
Customer makes a purpose of a genuine 
amalgamation or reconstruction, or anything 
similar happens under national, state or local 
laws of any country. 
"Indefeasible Right of Use" or "IRU" 
means (i) beneficial title and interest in, and 
exclusive, unrestricted and indefeasible right 
of use to the Customer Fibers and (ii) the 
nonexclusive right to use the tangible and 
intangible property (including all Underlying 
EFTA00810694
--- PAGE 2 ---
Rights) necessary for the use of the Customer 
Fibers, but excluding any electronic or 
optronic equipment. 
"Month" means a calendar month, unless 
otherwise specified. 
"Personnel" means, with respect to a party, 
that party's employees, agents, Affiliates, 
independent contractors, subcontractors, and 
suppliers of any tier. 
"Ready for Service Date" means the date 
specified in Exhibit 1 by which date 
Customer must make ready the Customer 
Fibers for Viya connection. 
"Specifications" means all descriptions and 
specifications for the Customer Fibers set 
forth in this Agreement (including Exhibit 1), 
plus all additional written descriptions and 
specifications that Customer may furnish to 
Viya in connection with the Customer Fibers. 
"Underlying Rights" includes all rights, 
licenses, permits, authorizations, franchises, 
rights-of-way, easements and other approvals 
that are necessary for Customer to obtain in 
order to permit Customer to own, install and 
keep installed, and maintain the Customer 
Fibers in accordance with this Agreement 
and to convey the IRU to Viya and all other 
rights under this Agreement pursuant to the 
IRU. 
2. Scope of Grants 
2.1 
General. 
Customer 
hereby 
irrevocably sells, conveys, transfers, assigns 
and delivers to Viya, and Viya hereby accepts 
and acquires from Customer the following: 
(i) exclusive, unrestricted and indefeasible 
right of use to, for the purposes described 
herein, the Customer Fibers. The IRU grant 
does not convey full legal title or legal 
ownership of any fibers or equipment. During 
the Term of this Agreement, Customer has no 
right to revoke or restrict in any manner or to 
any degree whatsoever, through injunctive 
relief or otherwise, the use of the Customer 
Fibers granted to Viya pursuant to this 
Agreement, including following a breach by 
Viya of any legal duty or obligation imposed 
by any contract, including this Agreement, by 
the law of torts (including simple or gross 
negligence, 
strict 
liability 
or 
willful 
misconduct), or by federal or state laws, 
rules, regulations, orders, standards or 
ordinances. The Parties agree that any such 
breach shall be compensable, if at all, by a 
remedy at law and not at equity. 
2.2 
Use of the Customer Fibers. In 
consideration for the grant of the IRU 
specified in Section 2.1, Viya agrees to use 
the Customer Fibers solely to provide the 
Services to Customer and its guests, tenants, 
and designees. The rates, terms, and 
conditions under which Viya will provide 
such communications services will be set 
forth in separate agreements signed by Viya 
and Customer, its guests, tenants, or 
designees to which they may mutually agree. 
The Parties acknowledge and agree that Viya 
has no minimum commitment to use any of 
the Customer Fibers. 
2.3 
Changes to the Customer Fibers. 
Customer may not, at any time, add to, 
reconfigure or otherwise vary the Customer 
Fibers or any fiber optics communications 
system of which the Customer Fibers may be 
a part, including the capacity, segments, 
cable landing stations or landing parties (a 
"Fiber Change"), if that Fiber Change: (1) 
has a material adverse effect on Viya's rights 
in or use of the Customer Fibers as 
determined by Viya in its 
reasonable 
discretion; or (b) interrupts Viya's use of the 
Customer Fibers for a continuous period of 
more than 6 hours or more than an aggregate 
of 12 hours in any six-month period. 
Customer agrees to hold Viya harmless and 
EFTA00810695
--- PAGE 3 ---
waive any rights it may have for service 
credits or other remedies based on an outage 
of the Services caused by a Fiber Change or 
Customer. 
2.4 
Maintenance of Underlying Rights. 
Customer agrees to maintain during the 
Term, at Customer's cost, all Underlying 
Rights necessary for the construction, 
installation, maintenance, and repair of the 
Customer Fibers. Customer will ensure that 
such Underlying Rights are and will remain 
sufficient to allow Viya to perform its 
obligations and to exercise its rights set forth 
in this Agreement. In the event Customer is 
unable to resolve any issue with respect to 
Underlying Rights in a manner reasonably 
acceptable to Viya, and if such issue 
interferes with or prevents the exercise by 
Viya of any of the rights under this 
Agreement, then Viya may: (i) after 
providing Customer thirty (30) days prior 
written notice attempt to resolve the issue 
directly 
with 
the 
Customer of such 
Underlying Rights; or (ii) terminate this 
Agreement for breach pursuant to Section 
6.2. 
2.5 
Relocation. If, after the Effective 
Date, Customer is required (i) by any 
Governmental Authority under the power of 
eminent domain or otherwise, (ii) by the 
provider of any Underlying Right, ( iii) by 
any other Person having the authority to so 
require (each a "relocating authority") or (iv) 
by the occurrence of any Force Majeure 
Event, to relocate the Customer Fibers or any 
portion thereof, Customer may either proceed 
with such required relocation minimizing all 
negative impacts to Viya or pay such 
amounts to the Relocating Authority as are 
necessary to avoid the need for such 
relocation. Customer will keep Viya fully 
informed of such relocation and will consider 
any recommendations of Viya in good faith. 
Customer will bear all costs of such 
relocation. Following receipt notice from 
Customer that a relocation will occur, Viya 
may elect to terminate 
this 
Agreement 
pursuant to Section 6.3, if such relocation has 
an adverse effect on Viya's rights in or use of 
the Customer Fibers as determined by Viya 
in its reasonable discretion. 
2.6 
Network Control. Viya will (at its 
full cost and expense) have full and complete 
control and responsibility for determining 
any network and service configuration or 
designs, routing configurations, re-grooming, 
rearrangement or consolidation of channels 
or circuits and all related functions with 
regard to the use of the Customer Fibers for 
providing the Services; provided, such 
control and responsibility by Viya will not 
materially and adversely 
affect those 
portions of Customer's network not subject 
to the IRU and/or any electric or optronic 
equipment used on Customer's network. 
2.7 
On-Site Services. If Viya needs to 
access Customer's premises to perform its 
obligations under this Agreement, Viya will 
obtain Customer's permission (which may be 
granted verbally) prior to entering the 
premises. 
3. Installation and Delivery; Acceptance 
3.1 
Installation and Delivery. Customer 
will deliver the Customer Fibers on or before 
the Ready for Service Date. 
3.2 
Acceptance 
Process. 
Upon 
completion of the delivery of the Customer 
Fibers, Customer will notify Viya that the 
Customer Fibers are ready for acceptance 
testing. Viya may reject the Customer Fibers 
only if they do not conform to the 
Specifications, in which case Customer will 
promptly correct the deficiency, and the 
acceptance 
process 
described 
in 
this 
paragraph will recommence. 
EFTA00810696
--- PAGE 4 ---
4. Viya Access 
4.1 
General. Subject to the requirements 
of all Underlying Rights, Viya will have 
reasonable access to the Customer Fibers at 
the End Points. Customer will permit Viya 
and its Personnel to have direct access to the 
End Points twenty-four (24) hours a day, 
seven (7) days a week. 
4.2 
Inspections. Customer will have the 
right, upon not less than twenty-four (24) 
hours prior written notice to Viya, to access 
the 
End 
Points 
to perform 
periodic 
inspections to ensure compliance with this 
Agreement. 
5. Fees 
5.1 
No Fees. Customer will not invoice 
Viya, and Viya will have no obligation to pay 
Customer, any fees or charges for the IRU. 
5.2 
Taxes. 
Each 
party 
will 
responsible, as required under applicable law, 
for identifying and paying all taxes and other 
governmental fees and charges (and any 
penalties, interest, and other additions 
thereto) that are imposed on that party upon 
or with respect to the transactions under this 
Agreement. Customer may charge and Viya 
will pay applicable national, state or local 
sales or use taxes or value added taxes that 
Customer is legally obligated to charge 
("Taxes") ,but only if those Taxes are stated 
on the original invoice that Customer 
provides to Viya and Customer's invoice 
states those Taxes separately and meets the 
requirements for a valid tax invoice. Viya 
may provide Customer with an exemption 
certificate 
or 
equivalent 
information 
acceptable to the relevant taxing authority, in 
which case, Customer will not charge or 
collect the Taxes covered by that certificate. 
Viya may deduct or withhold any taxes that 
Viya may be legally obligated to deduct or 
withhold from any 
amounts payable to 
Customer 
under this 
Agreement, and 
payment to Customer as reduced by those 
deductions or withholdings will constitute 
full payment and settlement to Customer of 
amounts payable under this Agreement. 
During the term of this Agreement, Customer 
will 
provide 
Viya 
with 
any 
forms, 
documents, or certifications as may be 
required for Viya to satisfy any information 
reporting or withholding tax obligations with 
respect 
to 
any 
payments 
under 
this 
Agreement. 
6. 
Term; Termination 
6.1 
Term of the Agreement. This 
Agreement is effective on the Effective Date 
and will continue in effect for the longer of 
the term of any agreement for Services 
between the parties or the term of any 
Services that Viya actually delivers to 
Customer. 
6.2 
Termination of Agreement for 
Breach or Insecurity. Either Party may 
terminate this Agreement [and the Services 
Agreement] if: 
(a) The other Party breaches any material 
obligation, other than its confidentiality 
obligations, under this Agreement and the 
breach remains uncured for five business 
days after the non-breaching Party 
delivers written notice of the breach to the 
other Party (or any longer cure period to 
which the Parties mutually agree in 
writing); 
(b) The 
other 
Party 
breaches 
its 
confidentiality obligations under this 
Agreement or violates law applicable to 
Vya's provision of the Services; or 
(c) An 
insolvency 
Event 
occurs 
involving the other Party. 
EFTA00810697
--- PAGE 5 ---
6.3 
Termination for Convenience. Viya 
may terminate this Agreement upon at least 
days' prior written notice to Customer. 
Upon the effective date of any termination, 
all rights in and use of the Customer Fibers 
will revert to Customer, and from and after 
the effective date of such termination, Viya 
have no further rights or obligations under 
this Agreement. 
6.4 
No other Termination. Neither party 
may terminate this Agreement other than in 
accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement. 
6.5 
Removal 
of 
Viya 
Equipment 
Following Termination. If any Viya 
equipment is installed on premises owned or 
controlled by Customer or any of its 
Affiliates, the removal of such equipment 
shall be governed by the terms of the Service 
Agreement. 
7. 
O&M Service 
7.1 
Performance. From and after the 
Effective Date, Customer will maintain and 
repair the Customer Fibers in accordance 
with industry standard requirements and 
procedures. Such maintenance and repair 
work will be performed by Customer or a 
contractor chosen by Customer to perform 
the work. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
nothing contained herein is intended to create 
any contractual relationship between Viya 
and a contractor performing maintenance or 
repair work on Customer's behalf. Customer 
is the party solely responsible to Viya for the 
maintenance and repair of the Customer 
Fibers. 
To that end, in the event the 
Customer Fibers are not maintained or 
repaired in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement, Viya's recourse will be against 
Customer, not Customer's contractor. 
7.2 
Costs. The cost of all maintenance 
and repair will be borne by Customer, and 
there will be no charge for maintenance or 
repair during the Term. 
7.3 
Step-In Rights. If Customer fails to 
maintain and repair the Customer Fibers in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
(the "Disrupted Services"), Viya may, upon 
written notice to Customer, perform 
the 
Disrupted Services itself, have the Disrupted 
Services performed by a third party, or obtain 
from a third party substitute services for the 
Disrupted Services ("Substitute Services"). 
Customer will use commercially reasonable 
efforts to cooperate with Viya and the third 
party, as applicable, in order to allow the 
performance of the Disrupted Services or 
Substitute Services by Viya or that third 
party, 
as 
applicable, 
and 
will 
use 
commercially 
reasonable 
efforts 
to 
recommence performance of the Disrupted 
Services as quickly as commercially possible 
and 
in 
full 
conformance 
with 
the 
Performance Standards and 
the 
other 
applicable terms of this Agreement. Unless 
Customer's failure is caused by a Force 
Majeure Event, Customer will reimburse 
Viya for the costs to Viya for performing the 
Disrupted Services itself or retaining a 
substitute provider to provide the Substitute 
Services, plus all costs that Viya incurs to 
transition the Disrupted Services to 
the 
substitute provider. 
8. 
Representation, Warranties and 
Certain Covenants 
8.1 
By Customer. Customer represents 
and warrants to, and covenants with, Viya 
that: (1) Customer will provide the Customer 
Fibers in a competent, professional and 
workmanlike manner, free from defects in 
materials, workmanship and design, and in 
conformance with the Specifications; (2) 
Customer will promptly and satisfactorily 
EFTA00810698
--- PAGE 6 ---
correct any Customer Fibers that are 
defective or do not conform with the 
Specifications or other requirements of this 
Agreement; (3) none of the Customer Fibers 
or 
Viya's 
use 
thereof 
will 
violate, 
misappropriate or infringe any third party's 
rights (including intellectual property rights) 
or confidential information; (4) Customer 
will comply with all applicable law in 
performing 
its 
obligations 
under 
this 
Agreement; 
(5) 
Customer 
is 
duly 
incorporated, validly existing, and in good 
standing as a company under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its formation; (6) Customer 
has all rights necessary for (and is not subject 
to any restriction, penalty, agreement, 
contract, commitment, law, rule, regulation 
or order which is violated by) its execution 
and delivery of this Agreement and 
performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement; 
(7) 
when 
performing 
its 
obligations under this Agreement, Customer 
will not interfere with the activities and 
obligations of Viya, its employees, agents or 
customers; and (8) Customer will promptly 
notify Viya of any matters pertaining to, or 
the occurrence or impending occurrence of, 
any event of which it is reasonably aware that 
could give rise to any damage (or impending 
damage) to or loss of all or any part of the 
Customer Fibers. 
8.2 
By Viya. Viya 
represents and 
warrants to, and covenants with, Customer 
that: (1) Viya is duly incorporated, validly 
existing, and in good standing as a company 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
formation; (2) Viya has all rights necessary 
for (and is not subject to any restriction, 
penalty, agreement, commitment, law, rule, 
regulation or order which is violated by) its 
execution and delivery of this Agreement 
and performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement; and (3) Viya will use the 
Customer Fibers in compliance with all laws 
applicable to Viya's delivery of the Services. 
9. 
Defense, Indemnity and Limitation 
of Liability 
9.1 
Indemnification 
by 
Customer. 
Customer will defend, indemnify and hold 
harmless Viya, its Affiliates, and its and their 
respective directors, officers, employees, 
successors, assigns and agents, from and 
against all claims, allegations, demands and 
proceedings by a third party, and all resulting 
losses, judgments, 
liabilities, damages, 
settlements, costs and expenses (including 
reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) 
(each, a "Third Party Claim") to the extent 
arising out of or relating to: (1) Customer's 
breach 
of 
any 
of 
its 
warranties, 
representations or covenants under this 
Agreement; 
(2) 
Customer's 
fraud, 
negligence or willful misconduct in the 
performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement; (3) any bodily injury (including 
illness or death) or property damage caused 
by 
Customer; 
(4) 
infringement 
or 
misappropriation of any copyright, patent, 
trademark, trade secret or other proprietary 
right of any third party by the provision or use 
of the Customer Fibers; or (5) any breach by 
Customer of its confidentiality obligations 
under this Agreement. 
9.2 
Indemnification by Viya. Viya will 
defend, indemnify 
and 
hold 
harmless 
Customer, its Affiliates, and its and their 
respective directors, officers, employees, 
successors, assigns and agents, from and 
against all Third Party Claims to the extent 
arising out of or relating to: (1) Viya's breach 
of any of its warranties, representations or 
covenants under this Agreement; (2) the 
fraud, negligence or willful misconduct of 
Viya in the performance of its obligations 
under this Agreement; (3) any bodily injury 
(including illness or death) or property 
damage caused by Viya; or (4) any breach by 
EFTA00810699
--- PAGE 7 ---
Viya of its confidentiality obligations under 
this Agreement. 
9.3 
Indemnification Procedures. The 
indemnifying 
party 
will 
use 
counsel 
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified 
parties to defend each Third Party Claim and 
will keep the indemnified parties informed of 
the status of each Third Party Claim. The 
indemnified parties will cooperate with the 
indemnifying party in the defense at the 
indemnifying 
party's 
expense. 
Any 
indemnified party may participate in the 
defense at its own expense. In addition, any 
indemnified party may, at its own expense 
and without limiting the 
indemnifying 
party's indemnification obligations, take 
control of its own defense of the Third Party 
Claim. After taking control of its defense, 
that indemnified party and its counsel will 
proceed diligently and in good faith with its 
defense. Neither party will consent to the 
entry of any judgment or enter into any 
settlement without the other party's prior 
written consent, which consent will not be 
unreasonably 
withheld. 
Each 
party's 
obligation to defend is independent of its 
obligation to indemnify. 
9.4 
Waiver of Consequential Damages. 
NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO 
THE OTHER PARTY UNDER ANY 
CIRCUMSTANCES 
FOR 
CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING LOST OPPORTUNITIES 
OR PROFITS) OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, 
EXCEPT FOR ANY LIABILITY ARISING 
OUT OF (1) ITS NON-DISCLOSURE 
OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER 
THIS 
AGREEMENT, 
(2) 
ITS 
INDEMNIFICATION 
OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT , (3) ITS 
FRAUD, OR (4) ITS RECKLESS OR 
WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, INCLUDING 
WILLFUL 
BREACH 
OF 
THIS 
AGREEMENT. 
10. 
Confidentiality 
10.1 
Confidentiality Obligations. Both 
Parties will: ( I) protect and keep confidential 
the existence of this Agreement, its terms and 
conditions, and any other information 
obtained in connection with this Agreement 
or related to the Customer Fibers that is 
identified as confidential or proprietary or 
that, given the nature of the information or 
the manner of its disclosure, reasonably 
should 
considered 
confidential 
or 
proprietary 
(including 
all 
information 
relating to a Party's technology, customers, 
business plans, marketing activities and 
finances); (2) use that information only for 
the purpose(s) for which it was originally 
disclosed and in any case only for the purpose 
of fulfilling its obligations under this 
Agreement; 
and 
(3) 
return 
all 
that 
information to the other Party promptly upon 
the termination of this Agreement. 
10.2 
No Publicity. Customer will not use 
any trade name, trademark, service mark, 
logo or commercial symbol, or any other 
proprietary rights of Viya or any of its 
Affiliates in any way without prior written 
authorization of that use by at least a Vice 
President of Viya. Customer will not issue 
press releases or publicity relating to Viya or 
this Agreement or reference Viya or its 
Affiliates in any brochures, advertisements, 
client lists or other promotional materials. 
10.3 
Injunctive 
Relief. 
Each 
Party 
acknowledges that any material breach of this 
Section 10 by it would cause the other party 
(the "Non-breaching Party") irreparable 
harm for which the Non-breaching Party has 
no adequate remedies at law. Accordingly, 
the Non-breaching Party will be entitled to 
obtain specific performance or immediate 
injunctive or other equitable relief for that 
EFTA00810700
--- PAGE 8 ---
breach without the necessity of posting any 
bond or guarantee. 
11. 
Miscellaneous 
11.1 
Force Majeure. Neither party will be 
responsible for any delay or failure in 
performance of any part of this Agreement to 
the extent that the delay or failure in 
performance (1) is caused by an event 
or 
circumstance beyond the reasonable control 
of the party whose performance is affected 
(the "Affected Party") and (2) could not have 
been avoided or corrected through the 
exercise of reasonable diligence (a "Force 
Majeure Event"). The Affected Party will 
promptly notify the other party in writing of 
the Force Majeure Event, giving details of the 
Force Majeure Event circumstances, its 
anticipated effect upon the Affected Party's 
performance under this Agreement, and the 
steps that the Affected Party is taking to 
remedy the delay. If Customer's performance 
is delayed or otherwise affected by any Force 
Majeure Event for more than 30 days, Viya 
may terminate the Agreement or any Services 
agreement upon written notice to the 
Customer. The parties hereby agree that any 
Force Majeure under the terms of this 
Agreement shall be deemed to be a Force 
Majeure impacting Viya's performance of 
the Services. 
11.2 
Assignment. This Agreement is 
binding on the parties and their respective 
successors and assigns. Except as approved 
by Viya in writing or as otherwise permitted 
under this Agreement, Customer will not 
assign any part or all of this Agreement or 
subcontract or delegate any of Customer's 
rights or obligations under this Agreement. 
Customer will remain responsible for the full 
performance 
of 
any 
obligations 
it 
subcontracts or delegates to its Personnel, 
and for all acts and omissions of its Personnel 
under this Agreement . Any attempt by the 
Customer to assign, subcontract or delegate 
in violation of this paragraph is void in each 
instance. Either Party may, without notice to 
or consent from the other Party, assign this 
Agreement (or any of its rights and 
obligations under this Agreement): (1) to its 
Affiliates; or (2) in connection with any 
merger, consolidation, reorganization, sale of 
all or substantially all of its assets or 
any similar transaction. 
11.3 
Governing Law; 
Venue. 
This 
Agreement is governed by the laws of the 
United States Virgin Islands, excluding its 
conflicts of law rules or principles. Customer 
irrevocably submits to venue and exclusive 
personal jurisdiction in the federal and state 
courts in the United States Virgin Islands for 
any dispute arising out of this Agreement, 
and waives all objections to jurisdiction and 
venue of such courts. 
11.4 
Notices. 
Except 
as 
otherwise 
provided in this Agreement, any notice, 
invoice or other document to be given by 
either party under this Agreement must be 
given in writing to the other party at the 
address below its signature line above. Notice 
may be delivered by personal delivery, 
certified mail (return receipt requested), 
nationally recognized overnight courier 
service, 
facsimile 
(with 
electronic 
confirmation to the sender), or email, and will 
be deemed delivered (1) if by overnight 
courier service, 1 business day after deposit 
with a reputable overnight courier with all 
charges prepaid; (2) if by certified mail, 3 
business days after deposit with the mail 
carrier; and (3) if by personal delivery, 
facsimile, or email, on the day of delivery, 
facsimile 
transmission (with electronic 
confirmation to the sender), or email 
transmission if it is a business day, or the next 
following business day otherwise. A party 
may change its notice address by giving 
notice in accordance with this paragraph. 
EFTA00810701
--- PAGE 9 ---
11.5 
Independent 
Contractors. 
Customer 
and 
Viya 
are 
independent 
Contractors. Each Party has exclusive control 
over its Personnel, its labor and employee 
relations and its policies relating to wages, 
hours, 
working 
conditions 
and 
other 
employment conditions. Each Party has the 
exclusive right to hire, transfer, suspend, 
layoff, recall, promote, discipline, discharge 
and adjust grievances with its Personnel. 
Each Party is solely responsible for all 
salaries and other compensation of its 
Personnel, including making all deductions 
and withholdings from its employees' 
salaries and other compensation and paying 
all 
related 
contributions, 
taxes 
and 
assessments. Neither Party has any authority 
to bind the other Party to any agreement or 
obligation. 
11.6 
Severability. If any provision of this 
Agreement 
is 
determined 
to 
unenforceable, this Agreement will be 
enforced as if the unenforceable provisions 
were not present, and any partially valid and 
enforceable provisions will be enforced to the 
extent that they are enforceable. 
11.7 
No Waiver. Neither party waives any 
right under this Agreement by failing to 
exercise any rights under this Agreement. 
Any waiver granted under this Agreement 
will be effective only if stated in a writing 
signed by the party granting the waiver. 
11.8 
Cumulative Rights. The parties' 
rights and remedies under this Agreement are 
cumulative, and either party may enforce any 
of its rights or remedies under this Agreement 
or other rights and remedies available to it at 
law or in equity. 
11.9 
Construction. The section headings 
in this Agreement are for convenience of 
reference only and will not be given effect to 
interpret or construe any provisions of this 
Agreement. Each party has sought the advice 
of legal counsel and has participated to a 
significant degree in the drafting and 
preparation of this Agreement. Accordingly, 
no provision of this Agreement will be 
construed against any party on the basis of 
that party being the drafter. Wherever used in 
this Agreement, the singular includes the 
plural, and the plural includes the singular; 
the use of any gender, tense or conjugation 
includes all genders, tenses and conjugations; 
and the word "including" means "including, 
without limitation." 
11.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may 
be executed by facsimile or other electronic 
means and in any number of counterparts, 
each of which when executed and delivered 
will be an original, which together will 
constitute one and the same agreement. 
11.11 Survival. Any provisions of this 
Agreement which, by their nature, should 
survive or may reasonably be interpreted as 
surviving the termination or expiration of this 
Agreement, including provisions relating to 
payment 
obligations 
arising 
before 
termination or expiration, defense and 
indemnity obligations, limitations of liability, 
and confidentiality obligations, will survive 
the termination or expiration of this 
Agreement and continue in full force and 
effect. 
11.12 Entire Agreement. This Agreement 
(including the Exhibits), all of which are 
incorporated into this Agreement and any 
agreement(s) for Services, constitute the 
complete and final agreement of the parties 
relating to the Customer Fibers and supersede 
the parties' prior or contemporaneous 
agreements, understandings and discussions 
relating to the Customer Fibers. No 
modification of this Agreement will be 
EFTA00810702
--- PAGE 10 ---
binding unless in writing and signed by Viya 
and Customer. 
11.13 Rights of Third Parties. This 
Agreement does not create or confer any 
rights or benefits enforceable by any person 
not a party to it. 
11.14 Time of the Essence. Time is of the 
essence for Customer's performance of its 
obligations under this Agreement. 
11.15 Communications in English. All 
reports, 
correspondence 
and 
other 
communications and documents under this 
Agreement will be in English. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement, effective as of the 
last date written below: 
VI POWERNET, LLC 
By: 
Name: Alvaro Pilar 
Title: Chief Executive Officer 
Date: 
Little St. James, LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
EFTA00810703
--- PAGE 11 ---
EXHIBIT 1 
CUSTOMER FIBERS AND THE ROUTE(S) 
The Route(s) (and any end Demarcation Points of any non-ring Route Segments) for the 
Customer Fibers are as follows: 
NUMBER OF 
CUSTOMER FIBERS 
END DEMARCATION POINT 
OF LINEAR ROUTE SEGMENT 
A map depicting the above-referenced Route is included as 
below. 
0.1,29S3: 
EFTA00810704

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810705.pdf
----------------------------------------
E&V ID W-O1 5EZB 
ENGEL&VOLKERS 
A Cate d'Azur Dream 
Hauteurs de Cannes - Cate d'Azur 
Total Surface 
Plot Surface 
Asking price 
approx. 1,300 ni2
approx. 5,500 ni2
on request 
EFTA00810705
--- PAGE 2 ---
A Côte d'Azur Dream 
Hauteurs de Cannes - Côte d'Azur 
ESN ID W-O15EZB 
Sea views 
Property Details 
• Asking price 
• Total Surface 
• Plot Surface 
Commission Text 
on request 
approx. 1,300 m2
approx. 5,500 m2
This material is based upon information. which we comider reliable, but because third 
parties have supplied it. we cannot represent that it is accurate or complete. and it 
should not be relied upon as such. This offering is subject Co errors. tIllliNNi4M1%. and 
Engel & Nrôlkers Côte d'Azur 
CotedazurNINIC@engelvoelkers.coin 
rue des Etats Unis • 06400 Cannes 
F:1 French Riviera sas 
Phone +3340)493 68 64 72 
• Number of Bedrooms 
• Total Number of Bathrooms 
• Views 
Water View 
change of mice cc withdrawal without notice. Tues. notary and register fees must be 
paid by purchaser. the commission by the seller as stipulated by French regulations 
ENGELMR5LKERS 
EFTA00810706
--- PAGE 3 ---
A C6te d'Azur Dream 
Hauteurs de Cannes - Cate d'Azur 
Views of the villa 
Property Description 
Cannes is synonymous with glamour and sophistication. The 
city is known to be a magnet for society and celebrities who 
enjoy their elegant villas with panoramic sea views, fine 
dining, luxury boutiques, cultural festivals and yachting. Set 
to this stunning canvas, Villa Victoria is a unique "belle 
époque" style villa in white, standing resplendent with 
exquisite features including mirror swimming pool, a 
gourmet kitchen, gym, elevator and beautiful views over the 
bay of Cannes. 
On the garden floor you find the entrance hall, guest toilets 
and cloakroom, double reception room with fireplace, study 
and dining room, equipped professional kitchen with cooler. 
At the upper garden floor you have gallery, large living room 
that can serve as billiard room or cinema, summer lounge 
opening onto the pool-house with its bar area and cloakroom. 
Engel & Winters Cote d'Azur 
CotedazurNINICOengelvoelkers.com 
rue des Etats UnIs • 064.00 Cannes 
EV French Riviera sas 
Phone +3340)493 68 64 72 
EW ID W-015EZB 
First floor is set with large master suite with dressing room, 
bathroom and panic room, 4 en suite guest bedrooms, each 
with bathroom and dressing room, all overlooking an interior 
patio of 250m2 with 8 m height retractable glass roof. Indoor 
and outdoor pool, air conditioning, underfloor heating, 
General Home Automation, lift for owner and staff, 
volumetric alarm device, underground garage for 10 cars, 
wine cellar, professional laundry, technical and staff room. 
Possibility to create an independent apartment of about 
140m2
This unique property is completed with an independent villa 
for staff with 3 -roomed split level apartment and 2 studios. 
The result is a stunning family residence that represents truly 
the meaning of exclusivity. 
ENGEL&VOLKERS 
EFTA00810707
--- PAGE 4 ---
A Cate d'Azur Dream 
Hauteurs de Cannes - Cate d'Azur 
Views of the house 
Location Description 
The luxury real estate market at the C8te d'Azur is one of the 
most attractive in the Mediterranean area. The areas between 
Cap Ferrat, Cap Antibes and Cannes have been the most 
sought locations ever since. The real estate market in the 
greater area of Cannes presents great stability of value for 
prestigious properties. It is defined by a strong and 
Engel & Viilkers Cote d'Azur 
CotedazurNIN1Ceengelvoelkers.com 
rue des Etats Unls • 06400 Cannes 
EV French Riviera sas 
Phone +33•(1)493 68 64 72 
E8V ID W-O15EZB 
continuous growing demand. Les Hauteurs de Cannes is a 
famous and exclusive place. Like a prestigious residential 
area, it is characterized by luxurious villas and magnificent 
apartments with breathtaking panorama on the sea and 
surrounding hills. Quietness and discretion within 5km from 
the city center. 
ENGEL&VOLKERS 
EFTA00810708
--- PAGE 5 ---
A Côte d'Azur Dream 
Hauteurs de Cannes - Côte d'Azur 
Engel & VII!hers Côte d'Azur 
CotedazurMMC@engelvoelkers.com 
rue des Etas Unis • 06400 Cannes 
EV French Riviera sas 
Phone +3340)493 68 64 72 
Indt»r swimming pool 
Interior patio 
Ei,N ID W-015EZB 
ENGEL&VÔLKERS 
EFTA00810709
--- PAGE 6 ---
A Côte d'Azur Dream 
Hauteurs de Cannes - Côte d'Azur 
Logement économe 
1111 L10 
U 
III/Om 
ran aat_ 
LOretteld dnerefore 
Map and energy rating 
Engel & Vôlkers Côte d'Azur 
CotedazurNINIC@engelvoelkers.corn 
rue des Etats Unis • 06400 Cannes 
EV French Riviera sas 
Phone +3340)493 68 64 72 
EnV ID W -O1 SEZB 
ENGEL&VÙLKERS 
EFTA00810710

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810711.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
of 
SUM (LB.) 2015 - LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
the Partnership 
and 
ERGO (E.B. 2014) LTD., 
as the General Partner 
and 
COGITO (LB.) 2015 LTD., 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC., 
and 
MONTILLA INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION, 
as the Limited Partners 
EFTA00810711
--- PAGE 2 ---
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
This Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (this "Agreement"), is made and entered 
into on June 30, 2016 ("Effective Date"). by and between Sum (E.B.) 2015 - Limited Partnership, an 
Israeli limited partnership (the "Partnership"). Ergo (E.B. 2014) Ltd. a private company, registered under 
the laws of the state of Israel, as the general partner of the Partnership (the "General Partner"), and the 
following as the limited partners of the Partnership: Cogito (Ea.) 2015 Ltd.. a private limited company 
incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel (`'Cogito"), Southern Trust Company. Inc.. a private 
corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States Virgin Islands ("STC") and Montilla 
International Corporation, a private company incorporated in the British Virgin Isles ("Montilla" and 
together with Cogito and STC. each a "Limited Partner", and collectively. the "Limited Partners"). The 
General Partner and the Limited Partners shall be referred to collectively herein as the "Partners". 
WHEREAS. 
pursuant to the undertakings and the agreements between the Partnership, the 
General Partner and each of STC and Montilla. it is desire of all the parties hereto 
(each a "Party", and collectively the "Parties") to amend and replace the original 
partnership agreement of the Partnership, dated April 6. 2015 ("Partnership 
Agreement") and to set forth the rights and obligations of the Partners in 
connection with the Partnership, all as set forth herein: 
NOW, THEREFORE. in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein, the 
Partnership. General Partner and the Limited Partners hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
Preamble 
The preamble to this Agreement forms an integral part hereof. 
2. 
The Establishment of the Partnership 
2.1. The name of the Partnership is "Sum (E.B.) 2015— Limited Partnership". 
2.2. The Partnership is a limited partnership in accordance with the provisions of the Partnership 
Ordinance (New Version) — 1975 (the "Ordinance"), and is and shall remain registered with 
the Registrar of Partnerships as a limited partnership. 
2.3. This Agreement constitutes the charter document of the Partnership in accordance with 
Section 61(a) of the Ordinance. 
2.4. In the event of any contradiction between the provisions of the Ordinance and the terms of 
this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 
3. 
The Structure of the Partnership 
As of the Effective Date and until otherwise shall be determined by the Partnership, in accordance 
with this Agreement: 
3.1. The Partnership is a limited partnership: Ergo (E.B. 2014) Ltd. shall be the general partner as 
such term is defined in the Ordinance, and Cogito. STC and Montilla shall be the limited 
partners, as such term is defined in the Ordinance. 
3.2. The holding allocation of the Partnership interests and the holdings of the Preferred Rights (as 
defined and further described below) between the Partners, shall be as set forth hereunder: 
Name of Partner 
Partnership
Preferred 
Interests 
Rights 
Ergo (E.B. 2014) Ltd. (General 
Partner) 
0.01% 
0% 
EFTA00810712
--- PAGE 3 ---
Cogito (ED.) 2015 Ltd. (Limited 
Partner) 
49.99% 
0% 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
(Limited Partner) 
33.33% 
66.67% 
Montilla 
International 
Corporation (Limited Partner) 
16.67% 
33.33% 
Total 
100.00% 
100.00% 
4. 
The Purpose of the Partnership 
The sole purpose of the Partnership is to hold equity interests in Report• Homeland Security Ltd., 
a private company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel ("Reportyl. 
5. 
Powers 
Subject to the provisions of Section 9.3 below, the overall supervision and control of the business 
and affairs of the Partnership shall be vested solely in the General Partner, whereby the powers of 
the General Partner 
include all powers. statutory and otherwise, possessed by general partners 
under the applicable laws of Israel, including the admission of additional or substitute limited 
partners as Partners of the Partnership. Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, 
the General Partner is the sole entity that is entitled, at its sole discretion, to negotiate, undertake, 
sign and execute. on behalf of the Partnership, any contract. agreement or other form of 
commitment with any third party, fix the benefit of the Partnership. 
6. 
Liability of the Limited Partners 
The Limited Partners shall not have any liability for the obligations or liabilities of the Partnership 
except to the extent provided in any applicable law. 
7. 
Assignments and Withdrawal 
Each of the Limited Partners may only assign all or any of its Partnership Interests, rights, 
privileges and/or obligations in the Partnership (and/or may only withdraw from the Partnership), 
with the consent of the General Partner, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
8. 
Representations, Warranties and Covenants 
Each Partner, by executing and delivering this Agreement, acknowledges, represents and warrants 
to the Partnership and to each of the other Partners (but only with respect to itself) as follows: 
8.1. The Partner has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform 
all the obligations required to be performed by the Partner hereunder. 
8.2. The Partner is the sole party in interest with respect to its interests in the Partnership and is 
not acquiring the interests in the Partnership as an agent or otherwise for any other person. 
8.3. The Partner agrees to furnish to the General Partner any additional information reasonably 
requested by it to assure compliance with any applicable laws in connection with its interests 
in the Partnership. 
9. 
Preferred Rights 
In addition to all of the aforesaid, each of the Partners who have provided or will provide Preferred 
Rights' Contribution (as defined below) shall have the following preferred rights (collectively, the 
"Preferred Rights"): 
9.1. Distribution 
Any distribution of assets and/or proceeds that shall be made by the Partnership to its Partners 
(in the amounts and at the dates that shall be determined by it from time to time in accordance 
with the applicable law). shall be subject to the following (each, a "Distribution"): 
EFTA00810713
--- PAGE 4 ---
9.1.1. First. and in preference to any right of any Partner in such Distribution. the holders of 
Preferred Rights shall be entitled to receive any amounts of such Distribution each up 
to the aggregate amount provided by it to the Partnership, including any capital 
contribution provided by it to the Partnership in connection with an Exercise Event 
(as defined below) ("Preferred Rights' Contribution") plus applicable Interest (as 
defined below) accrued thereon ("Preferred Rights Preferred Amount"), less any 
Preferred Rights Preferred Amount distributed to the holders of Preferred Rights by 
the Partnership prior to such date; 
9.1.2. Second. any distribution amount remaining after the payment in MI of the Preferred 
Rights Preferred Amount (the "Profit"), shall be distributed as follows: (i) fifty 
percent (50%) of the Profit shall be distributed between all the Preferred Rights 
holders. on a pro rata basis between them, in accordance with their Preferred Rights 
Partnership's interest and (ii) fifty percent (50%) of the Profit shall be distributed 
between all the non-Preferred Rights holders, on a pro rata basis between them, in 
accordance with their respective Partnership Interest. 
For the purpose of this Agreement "Interest" shall mean an annual interest rate of 
five percent (5%) per annum compounded annually calculated with respect to any 
amount of Preferred Rights' Contribution. from the date such amount was actually 
provided to the Partnership until the date of full repayment of such amount by the 
Partnership. 
9.1.3. Each of the current Preferred Rights Contribution (amount and date) is set forth in 
gxhibit A, The receipt of such Preferred Rights' Contribution by the Partnership 
from each of the applicable holder of Preferred Rights is hereby acknowledged. 
9.2. Future Investments in Report' 
In the event that the Partnership shall elect to exercise (an "Exercise Event'): (i) the 
warrant(s) granted to it under that certain Series A Preferred Share Purchase Agreement, 
dated March 29, 2015 (the —SPA"). with respect to the purchase of Series A Preferred Shares 
of Report•, and/or (ii) any other rights that the Partnership may have with respect to the 
purchase of additional securities of Report>. (collectively hereinafter "Additional Rights"), 
the Partnership shall first offer the holders of Preferred Rights (on a pro rata basis between 
them) the right to contribute to the Partnership an amount equal to the applicable exercise 
price for that purpose (and if such amount is so contributed it shall be used by the Partnership 
solely to pay the applicable exercise price of such Exercise Event), upon providing the 
holders of Preferred Rights with a written notice reasonably detailing the relevant terms and 
conditions of such Exercise Event, which shall include (but not limited to): the number of 
securities of Report, to be purchase& the price of such exercise and each limited partner's 
pro-rata portion of such Exercise Event (the "Exercise Notice"). Upon receipt of the Exercise 
Notice, the holders of Preferred Rights shall have a period of seven (7) business days to 
exercise their rights in connection with such Exercise Event, and to notify the Partnership in 
writing of commitment to make a capital contribution to the Partnership in an amount equal to 
their respective pro-rata portion of the applicable aggregate exercise price. and be committed 
to the provision of the applicable amount within a reasonable time thereafter so as to enable 
the Partnership to exercise such Additional Rights in accordance with the terms of the 
Exercise Event. 
If any of the Preferred Rights holders do not exercise their full option in such Exercise Event, 
the General Partner shall be free, within reasonable time following the Exercise Notice, to 
offer a third part• the ability to contribute to the Partnership, and to join the Partnership as a 
limited partner, by making a capital contribution in an amount equal to the portion of the 
Reporty securities not subscribed to by the Preferred Rights holders in such Exercise Event, 
provided that, unless the Partnership first obtained the consent of the holders holding the 
majority of the Preferred Rights, such third party investor shall not be granted at such 
transaction with rights superior to the Preferred Rights. 
EFTA00810714
--- PAGE 5 ---
9.3. Protective Rights 
The following decisions of the Partnership shall not be adopted by the General Partner or the 
Partnership, without the approval of each of the holders of Preferred Rights: 
9.3.1. Amend this Agreement in a way which prejudices or derogates from the rights and 
privileges of the Preferred Rights holders: 
9.3.2. Entering into any transaction or agreement with the General Partner. or 
9.3.3. Effecting any liquidation. dissolution or winding up of the Partnership or otherwise 
terminating the Partnership's activities. 
10. 
Information Rights 
Upon a Partner's reasonable request. the Partnership will provide the Partners with the financial 
statements of and other information regarding Report• as set forth in Section 1.1 and 1.2 of that 
Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated March 29. 2015, by and between Reporty, its ordinary 
shareholders and the Partnership (the "Information Rights Section"). as well as any other 
relevant information that the Partnership may have from time to time with respect to Reporty, 
provided that any such information is available to the Partnership and can be disclosed to the 
Partners (as a limited partner or otherwise) without violating Partnership confidentiality or similar 
obligations. The Partnership shall procure best efforts to receive such information within the time 
period as specified in the Information Rights Section. 
11. 
Pre-emptive Rights 
If the Partnership proposes to issue additional interests in the Partnership not pursuant to an 
Exercise Event, it shall first offer the holders of Preferred Rights (on a pro rata basis between 
them) the right to purchase such additional interests on a pro-rata basis between them, by 
providing the holders of Preferred Rights with a written notice reasonably detailing the relevant 
terms and conditions of such issuance (the "Preemptive Notice"). Upon receipt of the Preemptive 
Notice, the holders of Preferred Rights shall have a period of seven (7) business days to exercise 
their rights in connection with such issuance, and to notify the Partnership in writing of 
commitment to make a capital contribution to the Partnership in an amount equal to their 
respective pro-rata portion of the applicable aggregate capital contribution. If the Preferred Rights 
holders did not exercise their full option in such Preemptive Notice, the General Partner shall be 
free, within reasonable time following the Preemptive Notice, to offer a third party the ability to 
purchase the Partnership interests not so purchased by the Preferred Rights holders. and to join the 
Partnership as a limited partner, provided that, (i) such third party investor shall not be granted 
rights superior to the Preferred Rights unless the Partnership first obtained the consent of the 
holders holding the majority of the Preferred Rights. and (ii) the Partnership shall require the 
approval of the Preferred Rights holders with respect to the identity of the third party investor. 
such approval not to be unreasonably withheld by the Preferred Rights holders. 
12. 
General Partner Replacement 
In the event that and immediately at such time as Mr. Ehud Barak becomes permanently disabled 
and/or for any reason without obtaining the approval of the holders holding the majority of the 
Preferred Rights, Mr. Ehud Barak is no longer the sole owner and beneficiary of the General 
Partner, the General Partner shall take no further action with respect to the management and 
operation of the Partnership and shall provide the Preferred Rights holders with written notice of 
such event and the holders holding the majority of the Preferred Rights shall have a reasonable 
period of time within which to determine whether or not to replace the General Partner with a new 
general partner of the Partnership as hereinafter provided. The holders holding the majority of the 
Preferred Rights shall have the aforesaid right to replace the General Partner and appoint a new 
general partner to manage the affairs of the Partnership in accordance with the rights, obligations 
and authorizations of the General Partner under the Agreement. In the event that the holders 
holding the majority of the Preferred Rights replace the General Partner with a new general 
partner, the General Partner shall have no further authority to take any action with respect to the 
management and operation of the Partnership. In the event that the holders holding the majority of 
the Preferred Rights do not replace the General Partner, then upon receipt of written confirmation 
EFTA00810715
--- PAGE 6 ---
from such Prefened Rights holders of their decision not to replace the General Partner, the 
General Partner may continue the management and operation of the Partnership. The Preferred 
Rights holders shall not unreasonably delay any determination of whether or not to replace the 
General Partner with a new general partner of the Partnership. 
13. 
The Term of the Partnership 
The Partnership is being set up for the period commencing on the Effective Date, and it shall exist 
until the Partnership is dissolved pursuant to Section 14 below. 
14. 
Dissolution 
The Partnership shall dissolve. and its affairs shall be wound up, at such time as (a) all of the 
partners of the Partnership approve such dissolution in writing: or (b) upon the distribution of all 
the Partnership's assets to the Partners. 
15. 
Confidentiality 
Each Partner hereby agrees that it shall not divulge or communicate to any person or use or exploit 
for any purpose whatsoever or divulge to any third parties at any time. any Confidential 
Information (as defined below), other than to its employees, consultants and representatives, on a 
need to know basis only. Each Partner hereby agrees that it shall use its best endeavors to prevent 
its consultants and/or employees (if applicable) from doing the same. The restriction contained in 
this paragraph shall continue to apply to each Partner after the expiration of this Agreement and 
after such Partner has ceased to hold its Partnership Interest in the Partnership, without limitation 
of time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Partners may disclose the Confidential Information 
pursuant to and in accordance with a valid court order issued by a court or government agency, or 
as required by any governmental entity, provided that the relevant Partner provides, to the extent 
not prohibited from doing so (a) prior written notice to the Partnership of such order or 
requirement in order to enable it to seek relief from such requirement, and (b) Partnership prior 
opportunity to oppose or restrict such disclosure. The relevant Partner shall render reasonable 
assistance requested by the Partnership (at the Partnership's expense) in connection therewith and 
disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information which is required to be disclosed by 
such order and/or law-. 
**Confidential Information' shall mean all ideas, concepts, trade secrets, proprietary information 
or any other information related to the Partnership and any confidential information that belongs to 
a Partner, except that Confidential Information shall not include any information which is publicly 
available or information which is required to be disclosed by operation of law. 
16. 
The Governing Law 
This Agreement shall be subject to the laws of the State of Israel. 
17. 
Entire Agreement 
This Agreement constitute the fidI and entire understanding and agreement between all of the 
Partners with respect to the subject matters hereof and supersede all prior agreements (including 
the Partnership Agreement which shall have no further force and effect), understandings and 
negotiations, both written and oral, among all of the Partners with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, and cannot be amended except by a writing signed by all of the Partners. 
18. 
Notices 
The addresses of the Parties for the purpose of this Agreement are as set forth in Exhibit B. Any 
notice that shall be sent by registered mail in accordance with one of the aforesaid addresses shall 
be deemed to have been brought to the attention of the addressee party within seventy-two (72) 
hours from the time of dispatch thereof, and if delivered by hand or by fax, on the date of the 
delivery thereof, unless such day is not a business day (at the place of the recipient). In such event, 
the notice shall be deemed delivered on the next business day (at the place of the recipient). 
EFTA00810716
--- PAGE 7 ---
19. 
Translation 
In the event that a Hebrew version of this Agreement is filed with any regulatory or governmental 
agency, including the Israeli Registrar of Partnerships. then whether or not such Hebrew version 
contains signatures of the Parties. such Hebrew version shall be considered solely a convenience 
translation and shall have no binding effect, as between the Parties of the Partnership and with 
respect to any third party. The English version shall be the only binding version of this Agreement, 
and in the event of any contradiction or inconsistency between the meaning of the English version 
and the meaning of the Hebrew version of this Agreement, the Hebrew version shall be 
disregarded, shall have no binding effect and shall have no impact on the interpretation of this 
Agreement or any provision hereof. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF. the undersigned, intending to be legally bound hereby. have duly executed this 
Agreement as of this  Sze day of June, 2016. 
Sum (E.B.) 2015 - Limited 
Partnership (By its general 
partner - Ergo (E.B. 2014) 
Ltd.) 
_E 
,4-424 
Ergo (E.B. 2014) Ltd. 
Montilla International 
6e 
Cogito (E.B.) 2015 Ltd. 
Southern Trust Company, 
Corporation 
Inc. 
EFTA00810717
--- PAGE 8 ---
19. 
Translation 
In the event that a Hebrew version of this Agreement is filed with any regulatory or governmental 
agency, including the Israeli Registrar of Partnerships, then whether or not such Hebrew version 
contains signatures of the Parties, such Hebrew version shall be considered solely a convenience 
translation and shall have no binding effect, as between the Parties of the Partnership and with 
respect to any third party. The English version shall be the only binding version of this Agreement, 
and in the event of any contradiction or inconsistency between the meaning of the English version 
and the meaning of the Hebrew version of this Agreement, the Hebrew version shall be 
disregarded, shall have no binding effect and shall have no impact on the interpretation of this 
Agreement or any provision hereof. 
EN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, intending to be legally bound hereby, have duly executed this 
Agreement as of this 3Q day of June, 2016. 
Sum (E.B.) 2015 - Limited 
Partnership (By its general 
partner - Ergo (E.B. 2014) 
Ltd.) 
Ergo (E.B. 2014) Ltd. 
Cogito (E.B.) 2015 Ltd. 
Montilla International 
Southern Trust Company, 
Corporation 
Inc. 
EFTA00810718
--- PAGE 9 ---
19. 
Translation
In the event that a Hebrew version of this Agreement is filed with any regulatory or governmental 
agency, including the Israeli Registrar of Partnerships. then whether or not such Hebrew version 
contains signatures of the Parties, such Hebrew version shall be considered solely a convenience 
translation and shall have no binding effect, as between the Parties of the Partnership and with 
respect to any third party. The English version shall be the only binding version of this Agreement, 
and in the event of any contradiction or inconsistency between the meaning of the English version 
and the meaning of the Hebrew version of this Agreement, the Hebrew version shall be 
disregarded, shall have no binding effect and shall have no impact on the interpretation of this 
Agreement or any provision hereof. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, intending to be legally bound hereby, have duly executed this 
Agreement as of this _SO day of June, 2016. 
Sum (E.B.) 2015 - Limited 
Partnership (By its general 
partner - Ergo (E.B. 2014) 
Ltd.) 
Ergo (ER. 2014) Ltd. 
&lentil's International 
Corporation 
So them Trust 
Inc. 
EFTA00810719
--- PAGE 10 ---
Exhibit A 
Preferred Rights' Contribution 
Name of Partner 
Amount (USS) 
Date 
Southern Trust Company. Inc. 
1.000.000 
27.1.2016 
Montilla 
International 
Corporation 
500.000 
11.2.2016 
EFTA00810720
--- PAGE 11 ---
Exhibit B 
Addresses 
Name of Partner 
Address 
Sum (E.B.) 2015 - Limited 
Partnership 
Shaul Hamelech Boulevard. 
Tel Aviv. Israel 
Ergo (E.B. 2014) Ltd. 
Shaul Hamelech Boulevard. 
Tel Aviv, Israel 
Cogito (E.B.) 2015 Ltd. 
Shaul Hamelech Boulevard. 
Tel Aviv, Israel 
Southern Trust Company. Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3, St. 
Thomas. USVI 00802 
Montilla 
International 
Corporation 
3076 St. Francis Drake's 
Highway, Road Town. Tortola. 
British Virgin Isles 
EFTA00810721

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810722.pdf
----------------------------------------
:Dan VII - 9 
Rev. December 2011) 
aepartment of the Treasury 
Memel Revenue Service 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
Print or type 
See Specific Instructions on page 2. 
Name (as shown on your income tax return) 
DATE OF ETAT!' : 
Business name/disregarded entity name, if different from above 
Check appropriate box for federal tax classification: 
K Partnership • TrusVeslato 
corporation, Pepartnership)P 
K Exempt payee 
■ Individual/sole proprietor 
■ C Corporation 
■ S Corporation 
K Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification C•C corporation, S=S 
K Other (see Instructions), 
Address (number, street. and apt. or suite no.) 
Requester's name and address (optional) 
City, state, and ZIP code 
list account number(s) here (optional) 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your 71N in the appropriate box-TheTIN provided must match the name given on the "Name" line 
to avoid backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
resident alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entitY, see the Part I instructions on page 3. For other 
entitles, It is your employer identification number (EtN). II you do not have a number, see How to get a 
TIN on page 3. 
Note. If the account Is In more than one name, see the chart on page 4 for guidelines on whose 
number to enter. 
Social security number 
Employer Identification number 
Part 
Under penalties of perjury. I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form Is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am wailing for a number to be issued to me), and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding, and 
3. I am a US. citizen or other US. person (defined below). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all Interest and dividends on your tax retum. For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. For mortgage 
interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement QRA), and 
generally, payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the 
instructions on page 4. 
Sign 
Here 
Certification 
Signature of 
US. person,-
Dale I.-
General Instructions 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise 
noted. 
Purpose of Form 
A person who is required to file an information return with the IRS must 
obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (TIN) to report, for 
example, income paid to you, real estate transactions, mortgage interest 
you paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation 
of debt, or contributions you made to an IRA. 
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person Ondudng a resident 
alien), to provide your correct TIN to the person requesting it (the 
requester) and, when applicable, to: 
1. Certify that the T1N you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a 
number to be issued), 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or 
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, Your 
allocable share of any partnership Income from a U.S. trade or business 
is not subject to the withholding tax on foreign partners' share of 
effectively connected income. 
Note. If a requester gives you a form other than Form W-9 to request 
your TIN, you must use the requester's form if it is substantially similar 
to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are 
considered a U.S. person if you are: 
• An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien, 
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or 
organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States, 
• An estate (other than a foreign estate), or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholding 
tax on any foreign partners' share of income from such business. 
Further, in certain cases where a Form W-9 has not been received, a 
partnership is required to presume that a partner is a foreign person, 
and pay the withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a U.S. person that is a 
partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the United 
Slates, provide Form W-9 to the partnership to establish your U.S. 
status and avoid withholding on your share of partnership income. 
Cat. No. 10231X 
Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2011) 
EFTA00810722

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810723.pdf
----------------------------------------
WE TALKS PILOT 
Date: April 12th 
Time: 6pm - 8pm 
Venue: Maiyet Store Soho (16 Crosby St, New York, NY 10013) 
Curator/Host 
Moderator: TBD 
Speakers: 
Dr. Raj / @ Tula (Skincare Company) 
CONFIRMED 
Nadia Masri, Founder & CEO @ Perksy (Marketing) 
CONFIRMED 
Rebecca Huy @ Roots Studio (Arts) 
TBC 
Kathleen Griffith @ Grayce @ Co (Marketing agency for women) TBC 
Brand Partners: TBD 
Topic: Women Founders, Fundraising challenges 
Guest Count: 40 max, preferably 30 
Format: 20 mins mixer + panel for 30 mins + 15 mins Q&A + 20 min 
post mixer 
EFTA00810723

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810724.pdf
----------------------------------------
WE Talks 
Women Empowerment: Women to Women Talks 
Our mission is to support and enhance women's professional and personal growth 
and fulfillment. 
We are deeply committed to providing achievement-driven women with inspiration, 
guidance, and elevating networking opportunities networking. 
We organize and conduct seminars with female speakers who are leaders in their 
industry. 
Our seminal approach can me likened to "TED Talks for Women." The speaker 
shares the secrets of her professional and personal success with the audience and 
answers the questions. The discussions will include, but won't be limited to the 
following topics: How to pursue a career of your dream? What makes you feel 
EFTA00810724
--- PAGE 2 ---
empowered? How to build one of a kind brand? How to achieve both self-realization 
in professional life and fulfillment personal life? 
Our first seminar is going to take place in NYC on April 5th. Consequently, we will be 
conducting one seminar every month. 
Kathy Ruemmler is going to be the first speaker. 
Kathy is an attorney who formerly served as White House Counsel to President 
Barack Obama. She previously worked as Principal Deputy White House Counsel. 
Kathryn Ruemmler is global co-chair of the white-collar defense and investigations 
practice at Latham & Watkins. She rejoined the firm after five years in the Obama 
administration, first in the Department of Justice and then as President Obama's 
chief lawyer, when she headed a team of around 45 lawyers and staff in the White 
House Counsel's office. Obama has said she has "an uncanny ability to see around 
the corners that no one else anticipates." Earlier in her career, Ruemmler was a 
federal prosecutor who helped secure the convictions of former Enron executives 
Kenneth Lay and Jeff Skilling. 
EFTA00810725

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810726.pdf
----------------------------------------
ILR CIVIL TRIAL & APPELLATE LAW 
LINK& 
ROCKENBACH, PA 
Wire Transfer Instructions 
Wire Transfer to: 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
Routing No. / ABA No.: 
121000248 
Address: 
420 Montgomery 
San Francisco, CA 94104 
Beneficiary Account No.: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Address: 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes, Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
TEL: (561) 847-4408 I FAX: (561) 855-2891 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes, Blvd. 
Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Additional Information: 
Operating Account 
EFTA00810726

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810727.pdf
----------------------------------------
WHOIS search results 
2/13/19, 1:54 PM 
SPECIAL OFFER! .COM just $0.99. ! Additional .COMs just $9.99* per year! 
Offer Limitations 
X 
GoDaddy 
EN • 
Contact Us 24/7 • 
Help 
Blog 
= 
Sign In •
Domains 
Websites 
WordPress 
Hosting 
Web Security 
Online Marketing 
Email & Office 
Phone Nu 
Search the WHOIS Database 
Enter a domain name to search 
Private Registration 
Local listings 
WHOIS search 
results 
Domain Name: THEFATHER.COM 
Registry Domain ID: 540732_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN 
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.uniregistrar.com 
Registrar URL: http://www.uniregistrar.com 
Updated Date: 2018-09-11T23:02:46Z 
Creation Date: 1997-10-10T04:00:00Z 
Registry Expiry Date: 2019-10-09T04:00:00Z 
Registrar: Uniregistrar Corp 
Registrar IANA ID: 1659 
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@uniregistry.com 
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.4426008800 
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited 
https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited 
Name Server: BUY.INTERNETTRAFFIC.COM 
Name Server: SELL.INTERNETTRAFFIC.COM 
DNSSEC: unsigned 
Search 
Want to buy 
this domain? 
Get it with our 
Domain Buy 
Service. 
Go 
https://www.godackly.com/whoisiresults.aspx?clomain=thefather.com...Oz9jK9SfaLSMAIhDkUcksixPlIvgFL1dOXh1Nmb0UsWctRYW&isc.gofdl00laj 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00810727
--- PAGE 2 ---
WHOIS search results 
2/13/19, 1:54 PM 
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: 
https://www.icann.org/wicf/ 
>>> Last update of whois database: 2019-02-
13T18:54:06Z «< 
For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://icann.org/epp 
NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is 
the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration 
in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily 
reflect the expiration 
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with 
the sponsoring 
registrar. Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's 
Whois database to 
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this 
registration. 
TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or 
query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that 
are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global 
Registry 
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by 
VeriSign for 
information purposes only, and to assist persons in 
obtaining information 
about or related to a domain name registration record. 
VeriSign does not 
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, 
you agree to abide 
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may 
use this Data only 
Is this your 
domain? 
Add hosting, email 
and more. 
Go 
https://www.godaddy.com/whois/results.aspx?clomain=thefather.com...Oz9jK9SfaLSMAIhDkUdxsixPlIvgFL1dOXh1Nmb0UsWctRYW&isc=gofdl00laj 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00810728
--- PAGE 3 ---
WHOIS search results 
2/13/19, 1:54 PM 
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will 
you use this Data 
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the 
transmission of mass 
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via 
e-mail, telephone, 
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, 
electronic processes 
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The 
compilation, 
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is 
expressly 
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. 
You agree not to 
use electronic processes that are automated and high-
volume to access or 
query the Whois database except as reasonably 
necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign 
reserves the right 
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole 
discretion to ensure 
operational stability. VeriSign may restrict or terminate 
your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of 
use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 
The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU 
domains and 
Registrars. 
https://www.godaddy.com/whois/results.aspx?clomain=thefather.com...Oz9jK9SfaLSMAIhDkUcksixPlIvgFL10O)(h1Nmb0UsWctRYW&isc=gold1001aj 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00810729
--- PAGE 4 ---
WHOIS search results 
2/13/19. 1:54 PM 
About 
GoDaddy 
About Us 
Contact Us 
Newsroom 
Investor 
Relations 
Careers 
Corporate 
Responsibility 
GoDaddy Store 
Legal 
GoDaddy Blog 
Support 
Product 
Support 
Community 
Report Abuse 
Sign up for news and special offers 
Resources 
Webmail 
WHOIS 
GoDaddy 
Mobile App 
ICANN 
Confirmation 
Tools for Pros 
Redeem Code 
Product 
Catalog 
Site Map 
Videos 
Submit I 
United States - English - 
USD 
Partner 
Programs 
Affiliates 
Reseller 
Programs 
GoDaddy Pro 
Account 
My Account 
My Renewals 
Create Account 
Shopping 
Domains 
Websites 
Word Press 
Hosting 
Web Security 
Online 
Marketing 
Email & Office 
Phone Numbers 
Promos 
Follow Us f 11 
o 
Use of this Site is subject to express terms of use. By using this site, you signify that you agree to be bound by these Universal Term 
Legal I Privacy Policy I Advertising Preferences 
I
Cookies 
Copyright O1999 - 2019 GoDaddy Operating Company. LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
of S• rvic 
https://www.godackly.com/whoisiresults.aspx?clomain=thefather.com...Oz9jK9SfaLSMAIhDkUcksixPlIvgFL14O)(h1Nmb0UsWctRYW&isc.gold1001aj 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00810730

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810731.pdf
----------------------------------------
WIRING INSTRUCTIONS 
BANK: IBERIABANK 
ABA: 
ACCOUNT: SEARCY DENNEY SCAROLA BARNHART & SHIPLEY, P.A. TRUST ACCT 
ACCOUNT #: 
EFTA00810731

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810732.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
ealth Management 
Deutsche Bank AG New York 
Preferred Certificates of Deposit 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Preferred Certificates of Deposit (Deutsche Bank AG 
Preferred CDs) offer a balance between your short-term liquidity needs and long-
term strategic objectives, allowing you to purchase one or many deposits with a 
variety of maturities and interest rates. Rates may be fixed, or variable based upon 
an established index. 
Strategic features 
— Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs provide clients with short- and long-term solutions for a strategic cash 
position within their portfolios 
— Clients are required to maintain a Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA) deposit account 
— Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs may offer competitive yields relative to other cash investment alternatives 
— Current Deutsche Bank AG clients can use their existing DBTCA deposit account to purchase 
Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs 
— Laddered Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs may help to mitigate market risk and offer competitive 
returns as well as a tailored balance between long-term returns and short-term liquidity 
— Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs can be timed to help fund strategic payments such as real estate, 
insurance premiums and charitable commitments 
— Deutsche Bank AG's credit ratings are among the highest in the financial industry. Please visit 
https://www.db.corn/idenicurrent-ratings.htm for current Deutsche Bank AG ratings' 
Low interest rates 
Increasing cash deposits 
Need for alternative liquidity solutions 
Terms 
Issuer 
Minimum investment 
Maximum investment 
Asset protection 
Currency 
Available fixed-rate terms 
Available variable-rate terms 
Early withdrawals 
Sales or transfers 
Additional information 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 
5250,000 
525,000,000 per client per term. Please contact your Relationship Manager about 
larger investment amounts. 
Not FDIC insured 
USD denomination only 
1-month, 3-month, 6-month, 12-month, 18-month, 24-month and other terms for 
promotional purposes. 
9-month and other terms for promotional purposes 
No additional deposits or partial withdrawals may be made. No early withdrawals will be 
available but may be permitted by Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch in its sole discretion.' 
Sales or transfers of CDs are not permitted 
— At maturity, the principal and accrued interest will be transferred to your DBTCA 
deposit account? 
— No interest will accrue after maturity of the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD 
— Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs will NOT automatically roll over 
EFTA00810732
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please contact your Relationship Manager for information or current interest rates. 
No penalty will be imposed for early withdrawal upon the death or loss of legal competency of any individual who is the account holder 
of the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD. We may request a certified copy of the death certificate or any other documentation we may 
deem necessary in our sole discretion. 
The annual percentage yield on a Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD assumes that interest will remain on deposit until maturity. 
A withdrawal will reduce the interest earned on the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD. The interest rates offered by Deutsche Bank AG 
are subject to change and fluctuate daily. 
'A credit rating is assigned by leading global ratings agencies and is an assessment of a creditor's/bond issuer's solvency and ability 
to meet its financial commitments. While credit ratings and associated research enable investors to measure their investment risk, 
credit ratings do not remove market risk and are subject to change. 
In the event you wish to make an early withdrawal of your Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD, and such withdrawal is permitted by 
us in our sole discretion, we will impose a penalty if you withdraw the deposited funds within the first six days after purchasing 
your Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD in accordance with Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board. The penalty will equal seven 
days' simple interest on the amount withdrawn. After the initial six day period, the Bank will impose a penalty if it permits you to 
withdraw the deposited funds before the maturity date. If the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD has a maturity of three months or 
less, the penalty will equal the total amount of interest earned on the principal balance of the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD. If 
the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD has a maturity of greater than three months but less than or equal to one year, the penalty will 
equal ninety (90) days' simple interest on the principal balance of the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD. If the Deutsche Bank AG 
Preferred CD has a maturity greater than one year, the penalty will equal six (6) months' simple interest on the principal balance of 
the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD. No partial withdrawals of the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD are permitted. 
'Interest earned on the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs with original maturities of one year or less than one year will be paid at 
maturity and interest earned on Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs with original maturities of more than one year will be paid annually 
and at maturity. The Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD will NOT pay interest after maturity. 
This material has been prepared for discussion purposes only and is not intended to be an offer or solicitation, or the basis 
for any contract to purchase or sell any security, or other instrument, or for Deutsche Bank AG to enter into or arrange 
any type of transaction as a consequence of any information contained herein. These investments may not be suitable for 
all Private Customers of Deutsche Bank AG and advice should be sought from your relationship manager in cases of 
uncertainty. We assume no responsibility to advise the recipients of this document with regard to changes in our views. 
No product or service offered by any entity within Deutsche Bank AG is guaranteed by any other entity within 
Deutsche Bank AG unless specifically agreed in writing. 
Banking deposit products are offered through Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and are not insured by the FDIC 
or guaranteed by any governmental agency of the United States. Deutsche Bank AG, including its subsidiaries and 
affiliates, does not provide legal, tax or accounting advice. This communication was not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used or relied upon, by any taxpayer for purposes of avoiding any U.S. federal tax penalties. 
The recipient of this communication should seek advice from an independent tax advisor regarding any tax matters 
addressed herein based on their particular circumstances. This information also is not financial advice or a solicitation. 
Recipients should consult their applicable professional advisors prior to acting on any information set forth herein. 
Pursuant to IRS regulations, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments) is not intended or written to be used for purposes of 0) avoiding tax related penalties, or (ii) promoting, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter referred to herein. 
Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch's accounts and deposits, and any investment by you in the Preferred CDs issued by, and 
Preferred Banking Account maintained at, Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch, are: 
— NOT insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). 
— NOT insured or guaranteed by any governmental agency of the United States. 
— NOT guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA). 
— Solely obligations of the New York Branch of Deutsche Bank AG. 
Separate information will be provided to you if the relevant product is subject to the statutory deposit guarantee 
scheme under the German Deposit Guarantee Act (EinSiG). If no such separate information is provided to you, the 
relevant product will not be subject to the EinSiG. 
"Deutsche Bank" means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
represents the wealth management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or its subsidiaries. Banking and lending 
services are offered through Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, member FDIC, and other members of the 
Deutsche Bank Group. 
© 2018 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved. WM178439 026746.011518 PREF.CD 
EFTA00810733

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810734.pdf
----------------------------------------
=."•=1:44 
I
re Illosit=m. 
•••••
•••"
1::IN•: 
=:—.I•or 
PLANT 
WORK ORDER 
Number: 
RI 
Date: 
2018.07.31 
Contract Date: 
N/A 
Location: 9 East 71st Street, New York, NY 
Project: 
Master Bathroom 3-18 at 3rd Floor General 
Plant Construction LLC 
East 71st Street 
Contractor: 
181 Broadway, 5th Floor 
New York. NY 
New York, NY 10007 
Owner: 
The Private Residence 
Designer: 
Cabinet Alberto Pinto 
East 71st Street 
New York. NY 
75002 Paris (France) 
The Work Order as follows: 
Preliminary Budget for Bath Tub Alcove and Dome ceiling in Master 
Bathroom 3-18 at 3rd floor: 
Protection: 
$5,255 
F/I 
Furnish and install Temporary protection on floors and stair steps 
(heavy protection) at 1st floor, 2nd floor, 3rd floor, Master Bathroom 3-18, 
and the elevator: reinstallation of protection, removals and discard 
all protection materials after completion of work; 
Demolition: 
$4,600 
RIO 
Removals of the existing bathtub with stone slab tub deck. 
(3) aprons, and (3) stone saddles in Bath Tub Alcove 
including of carting 
"' 
Existing stone wall tiles above bathtub deck and stone tile jambs 
to remain per the walk through notes dated 07.12.2018. 
Plumbing: 
$5,900 
F/I 
Disconnection & cap the exiting bathtub, new plumbing rough-in 
cold, hot water, waste, vent lines for new specified bathtub. new 
shot off valves for hot and cold water riser, fiberglass insulation 
in Bath Tub Alcove 
I/O 
Installation only of new bathtub. drain, (2) overflow, thermostatic 
control, hand shower in Bath Tub Alcove 
NIC 
New booster pumps and associated works or upgrade 
the existing booster pumps 
Plumbing Fixture (Furnish Only), Allowance: 
F/O 
(1) Bath tub ref B10-8550 glossy white finish by THG (to be 
$10,282 
installed under the stone top) 
F/O 
(2) Cover plates to be used as a water spout ref 816-K103 / 
incl. 
K104, glossy nickel finish by THG 
F/O 
(1) Waste cap and over-flow drain / waste knob. glossy 
incl. 
nickel finish by THG 
*A' 
F/O (1) Aero Thermostatic control valve trim with metal cross 
$2,000 
lever handle (ref M12-15EN16EM ?) glossy nickel finish 
F/O 
(2) Aero control volume trim cross handles (ref AEVC57) 
$1,243 
glossy nickel finish (for stop handle and 2 ways 
handle, hand shower or bath tub recessed cover plates spouts) 
F/O 
F/O (1) Aero recessed hand shower (ref AEHS25), 
$2,226 
glossy nickel finish 
"' 
PENDING of Waterworks / Aero hard quote for plumbing 
fixture that indicated 'A' 
"' 
PENDING of final approved specifications for Plumbing fixtures 
/ 4 
EFTA00810734
--- PAGE 2 ---
WO #2 R1 continued ... 
Carpentry:: 
'A' 
Allowance for patching of the existing floor and walls to get 
$4.420 
new stone tub deck for new bathtub in Bath Tub Alcove 
F/I 
Wood blocking for new tub deck 
$650 
I/0 
Reinstallation of the existing framed mirror on stone tile wall 
$570 
F/I 
Miscellaneous work between trades in Master Bathroom 3-18 
$1.000 
Stone slab work (nn stone work on walls above bathtub deck & jambs): 
$50.621 
F/I 
Floor preparation, new soundproofing on floor, & new waterproofing 
on floor extend 6" up perimeter walls & overlap existing 
F/I 
Furnish, fabrication and Installation of new Travertine stone slabs: 
2" thick tub deck with cut out for an undermount tub with custom 
edges, (3) 3/4" thick aprons, & (3) 3/4" thick saddles; and 1-7/8" 
height splash with ogee edge above stone tub deck 
F/I 
Replacement of vertical stone and the stone shelf to match existing 
to install new wall mounted thermostatic control for new bathtub 
Allowance for patching of the existing wall tiles above new 
bathtub deck in Bath Tub Alcove, TBD after removals 
Alternate is Not Included in Base Price: 
ALT 1 
ADD: Allowance for Furnish and Installation of new Stone tile 
walls (above new bathtub) and jambs (Full height) to match 
existing including of removals of stone wall tiles & jambs, 
cement boards on walls, patching of walls and jambs, new 
waterproofing on walls, new cement boards on walls, and 
re-painting of the existing ceiling in Bath Tub Alcove, 
Allowance for Stone tile materials $40 psf 
"' 
Existing metal studs on walls and existing ceiling to remain 
Note to ALT: The duration for construction will be extended by 2 - 3 weeks 
for Stone tile work noted in ALT 1 
Painting of Dome ceiling: 
F/I 
Primer coat on the existing Dome ceiling from the cornice to the edge 
of the surrounding frieze of the opening in Master Bathroom 3-18 
including of scaffolding 
F/I 
Two (2) painters during 2 weeks as assistants of the Artist: 
$650 per day x 2 men x 10 work days including of scaffolding 
in Master Bathroom 3-18 
NIC 
New Decorative painting for the ceiling with a Dome shape by Others 
NIC 
Re-paint the existing walls, trim, and woodwork in Master Bathroom 3-18 
$70,644 
Estimated General Requirements for a 6-weeks period: 
- Project Manager: 20 hours 
- Project Supervision / daily cleaning: 200 hours 
- Driver: 8 hours 
- Estimating / purchasing: 20 hours 
- Reimbursement of Direct Expenses for 6 weeks including of 
(1) Negative Air pressure and HEPA filter during work and Caning 
- Final professional cleaning in Master Bathroom 3-18 and Elevator only 
Constniction Sc - ila 
The Order of THG's bathtub, tub spout / filler is 10 - 12 weeks 
The Order of Waterworks / Aero Thermostatic Control valves is 14 - 16 weeks 
The Order of Stone materials is 8 weeks 
The estimated duration for on-site construction is appr. 6 weeks 
including of Protection, Demolition, Plumbing & Fixture, Carpentry, 
Stone work, Painting (prime coat & assistants), and Final cleaning 
in work areas only. 
$1,500 
$8.840 
$13.000 
$38.100 
214 
EFTA00810735
--- PAGE 3 ---
WO #2 R1 continued ... 
Exclusion; 
Daily dismantle and re-install temporary protection. 
Miscellaneous Touchups. 
Electrical work and Lighting fixtures. 
Correction of existing violations or site conditions (i.e. existing plumbing, etc.). 
Job phasing. 
Mock-ups. 
Overtime for Contractor's labor and its subcontractors. 
Union labor will not be provided on this job. 
Department of Buildings plan filing, applications, building permits, fees. 
Controlled Inspections. 
Integrated drawings. 
Engineering services (MEP). 
Removing and replacing building utilities. 
Chopping and/or channeling structural floors or ceilings. 
Performance or payment bonds. 
Environmental / hazardous materials testing and monitoring. 
Removals of asbestos on floor, walls, ceilings, ductwork, pipe insulations. 
Notpc / flualifiratinnc 
- WO #2 RI is based on regular work hours. 
- Deposit is 50%. 
- Moving Arts and furniture will be provided by Owner. 
- Temporary toilet and sink during construction is assuming to use 
the existing bathroom in Basement. 
- Certificate of Capital Improvement supposed to be signed by the Owner. 
- Plant's General liability insurance minimum limits are $1 million per 
occurrence, $2 million aggregate per year, with a $5 million umbrella. 
Any higher limits, umbrella policy, OCP or other policies requested will 
need to be quoted individually and will provided if requested at additional 
cost to Owner. 
- Plant's Automobile Insurance policy limits are $1 million per occurrence, 
$1 million aggregate per yew and $1 million property damage. Any higher 
limits or any additional coverage requested will be provided if requested 
at additional cost to Owner. 
- The scope of work is limited to the items described above. 
- This WO is valid for 60 days from date on page one. 
Documents: 
- The rendering with the new bath tub that has been approved by the Client 
by e-mail at 01.29.2018. 
- Pictures of the existing by e-mail at 01.29.2018. 
- Location plan by e-mail at 01.29.2018. 
- Pictures of the ceiling shape and existing state (blue painting) by e-mail at 01.29.2018. 
- Two (2) e-mails dated 01.29.2018 from the Designer. 
- The Designer's e-mails dated 06.26.2018, 06.27.2018 (with pictures), 06.28.2018 
(with cut sheets for new bathtub & dimensions), 06.29.2018 (with CAD plan, pictures, 
cut sheets for new bathtub). 
- The walk through notes dated 07.12.2018. 
- The Designers e-mails dated 06.26.2018, 06.27.2018, 07.17.2018, 07.20.2018, 
07.25.2018, 07.26.2018, and 07.27.2018 (with cut sheet). 
- Revised plan for Master Bathroom 3-18 dated 07.25.2018. 
/ 4 
EFTA00810736
--- PAGE 4 ---
WO #2 R1 continued ... 
KEY: 
F/I 
Furnish and Install 
I/O 
Install Only 
RIO 
Remove Only 
F/O 
Furnish Only 
NIC 
Not In Contract 
TBD 
To Be Determined (NIC) 
"' 
Note 
*A' 
Allowance 
ALT 
Alternate (NIC) 
Subtotal 
$150,208 
Overhead & Profit 
$22,531 
Insurance 
$4,318 
Total 
$177,056 
Contingency 5% (NOT included in above "Total") 
$8,853 
NOT VALID UNTIL SIGNED 
Owner's Representative 
Designer 
General Contractor 
414 
EFTA00810737

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810738.pdf
----------------------------------------
:rummar=
. 
PLANT 
WORK ORDER 
Number: 
R1 
Date: 
2018.07.31 
Contract Date: 
N/A 
Location: 9 East 71st Street, New York, NY 
Project: 
Main Staircase 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 
Owner: 
The Private Residence 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 
The Work Order as follows: 
General 
Contractor: 
Plant Construction LLC 
181 Broadway, 5th Floor 
New York, NY 10007 
Designer: 
Cabinet Alberto Pinto 
75002 Paris (France) 
Preliminary Budget for Painting of walls in Main Staircase (sr unitised 
to he at the same time as renovation of Master Rathmnnt 
Fmtentinn• 
F/I 
Furnish and install Temporary protection (heavy protection) 
on floor at 1st floor and Main stair steps; reinstallation of 
protection, removals and discard all protection materials 
after completion of work 
Carpentry 
F/I 
Miscellaneous work between trades 
Electrical work: 
I/O 
Remove and Reinstallation of (4) existing wall sconces at the existing 
locations and Installation of (1) canopy and chain supplied by Others 
at the existing locations including of scaffold as per a walk through 
at 07.12.2018; no new wiring and lighting boxes 
Painting (suppsasediuttime_as_painting  of Dome 
ceilingiftMasterSatbutom): 
two42Lwallia: 
F/I 
Remove carefully the existing canvas and molding around then fill holes, 
sand, and apply skim coat level 5, sand apply (1) coat of primer followed 
by (2) coats of White paint 
F/I 
Apply different coats of Glaze in order to match the Patina validated 
on the preliminary sample 
Front wall.
F/I 
Remove carefully the existing canvas, apply skim coat level 5, sand, 
prime then apply (2) coats of selected paint; on top of this preparation 
apply R35 then install the new Canvas provided by the Decorator; 
apply (2) coats of paint on the rest of the wall 
NIC 
Canvas provided by the Decorator 
Fntranne Vestibule and Staircase Hall. 
F/I 
On top of the existing Gold leaves, realization of a Patina by Glaze 
following Decorator recommendation 
Scaffold: 
F/I 
Installation, rent, dismantle, and removal of pipe scaffolding 
$4,375 
$750 
$8.960 
$17.820 
$8.680 
$9.910 
$7.180 
$24.510 
I 3 
EFTA00810738
--- PAGE 2 ---
WO #3 R1 continued ... 
Fatimateri General Requirements for a 5-week period• 
- Project Manager: 8 hours 
- Project Supervision / daily cleaning: 60 hours 
- Driver: 8 hours 
- Estimating / purchasing: 8 hours 
- Reimbursement of Direct Expenses for 5 weeks including of 
(1) Negative Air pressure and HEPA filter during work and 
Carting 
- Final professional cleaning in Main Staircase area only 
Construction Schedule: 
The estimated duration for on-site construction is 5-6 weeks including 
of Protection, Electrical, Painting, and Final cleaning in work area only. 
Fxritisinn-
Daily dismantle and re-install temporary protection. 
Miscellaneous Touchups. 
New wall partitions. 
New wiring and lighting fixtures. 
Correction of existing violations or site conditions (i.e. existing plumbing. etc.
Job phasing. 
Shop drawings and mock-ups. 
Overtime for Contractor's labor and its subcontractors. 
Union labor will not be provided on this job. 
Department of Buildings plan filing, applications, building permits, fees. 
Controlled Inspections. 
Integrated drawings. 
Engineering services (MEP). 
Removing and replacing building utilities. 
Chopping and/or channeling structural floor, wall, or ceiling. 
Performance or payment bonds. 
Environmental / hazardous materials testing and monitoring. 
Removals of asbestos on floor, walls, ceilings, ductwork, pipe insulations. 
Notes / Qualifications: 
- WO #3 R1 is based on regular work hours. 
- Deposit is 50%. 
- Moving Arts and furniture will be provided by Owner. 
- Certificate of Capital Improvement supposed to be signed by the Owner. 
- Plant's General liability insurance minimum limits are $1 million per 
occurrence, $2 million aggregate per year, with a $5 million umbrella. 
Any higher limits, umbrella policy, OCP or other policies requested will 
need to be quoted individually and will provided if requested at additional 
cost to Owner. 
- Plant's Automobile Insurance policy limits are $1 million per occurrence, 
$1 million aggregate per year and $1 million property damage. Any higher 
limits or any additional coverage requested will be provided if requested 
at additional cost to Owner. 
- The scope of work is limited to the items described above. 
- This WO is valid for 60 days from date on page one. 
Documents-
- The Designer's e-mails dated 06.26.2018 and 06.27.2018 (with pictures). 
R1 
- The walk through notes dated 07.12.2018. 
R1 
- The Designer's e-mail dated 07.17.2018 
$13,250 
/ 3 
EFTA00810739
--- PAGE 3 ---
WO #3 R1 continued ... 
KEY: 
F/I 
Furnish and Install 
I/O 
Install Only 
F/O 
Furnish Only 
NIC 
Not In Contract 
TBD 
To Be Determined (NIC) 
"K 
Allowance 
Note 
ALT 
Alternate (MC) 
Subtotal 
$95,435 
Overhead & Profit 
$14,315 
Insurance 
$2,744 
Total 
$112,493 
Contingency 5% (NOT included in above "Total'; 
$5,625 
NOT VALID UNTIL SIGNED 
Owner's Representative 
Designer 
General Contractor 
/ 3 
EFTA00810740

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810741.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Conference Call 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act: 
A First Look 
Speaker 
Moderator 
Partner, Ernst & Young 
Head of Wealth Planning, 
Deutsche Bank Wealth 
Management —Americas 
Conference 
Please 
here to register. 
details 
Upon registration, an email confirmation 
with dial-in instructions will be provided. 
r4
Senior Wealth Planning Strategist, 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
— Americas 
Replay 
Conference ID: 9178359 
information 
U.S.: 1-866-247-4222 I 631-510-7499 
Available for 30 days 
This invitation is non-transferable. 
The opinions and analyses that will be expressed are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Deutsche 
Bank AG or any affiliate thereof (collectively, the "Bank"). Any comments or suggestions that the speaker will express are 
general, and will not take into account an individual's specific circumstances or applicable governing law, which may vary 
from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and be subject to change. 
No warranty or representation, express or implied, is being made by the Bank, and the Bank does not accept any liability 
with respect to the information and data that will be presented. The information that will be discussed is not intended to be, 
and would not constitute, legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice; it is also not intended to be offered as penalty 
protection or to promote, market or recommend any transaction or matter that the speaker will address. Participants should 
consult their applicable professional advisors prior to acting on the information that the speaker will discuss. 
The Bank is not affiliated with the speaker or the speaker's Firm. 
"Deutsche Bank" means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Bank Wealth Management represents 
the wealth management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or its subsidiaries. Brokerage services are offered 
through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., a broker-dealer and registered investment adviser, which conducts securities 
activities in the United States. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is a member of FINRA, NYSE and SIPC. Banking, lending and 
discretionary portfolio management services are offered through Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, member FDIC, 
and other members of the Deutsche Bank Group. Trust and estate and wealth planning services are provided through 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company, N.A., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware and Deutsche Bank National Trust 
Company. © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved. 026647.121817 
EFTA00810741

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810742.pdf
----------------------------------------
Theoretical Population Biology 12S (2019) 38-55 
ITSEVIER 
Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 
Theoretical Population Biology 
journal home pa go: ..vww.elscvier.comflocateApb 
A two-player iterated survival game 
John Wakeley a.*, Martin Nowak a'b'c
'Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology. Harvard University. Cambridge. MA, 02138. USA 
b Program for Evolutionary Dynamics. Harvard University. Cambridge. MA 02138. USA 
' Department of Mathematics, Harvard University. Cambridge, hfA 02138, USA 
ARTICLE INFO 
Ankle history: 
Received 22 May 2018 
Available online 12 December 2018 
Keywords: 
Prisoner's Dilemma 
Survival game 
Iterated game 
Replicator equation 
Moran model 
I. Introduction 
ABSTRACT 
We describe an iterated game between two players, in which the payoff is to survive a number of steps. 
Expected payoffs are probabilities of survival. A key feature of the game is that individuals have to survive 
on their own if their partner dies. We consider individuals with hardwired, unconditional behaviors 
or strategies. When both players are present. each step is a symmetric two-player game. The overall 
survival of the two individuals forms a Markov chain. As the number of iterations tends to infinity, all 
probabilities of survival decrease to Zero. We obtain general, analytical results for n-step payoffs and use 
these to describe how the game changes as it increases. In order to predict changes in the frequency of 
a cooperative strategy over time, we embed the survival game in three different models of a large, well-
mixed population. Two of these models are deterministic and one is stochastic. Offspring receive their 
parent's type without modification and (finesses are determined by the game. Increasing the number 
of iterations changes the prospects for cooperation. All models become neutral in the limit (ri 
co). 
Further, if pairs of cooperative individuals survive together with high probability, specifically higher than 
for any other pair and for either type when it is alone, then cooperation becomes favored if the number 
of iterations is large enough. This holds regardless of the structure of pairwise interactions in a single 
step. Even if the single-step interaction is a Prisoner's Dilemma, the cooperative type becomes favored. 
Enhanced survival is crucial in these iterated evolutionary games: if players in pairs start the game with 
a fitness deficit relative to lone individuals, the prospects for cooperation can become even worse than in 
the case of a single-step game. 
02018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. 
More than a century ago, Kropotkin (1902) argued that what 
he called mutual aid should be ranked among the main factors of 
evolution. an even more important driver of evolution than within-
species competition. The idea of mutual aid is similar to that of mu-
tualism: partnerships may be beneficial to both partners and thus 
unconditionally favored. Kropotkin had been deeply impressed 
by the abilities of animals to endure harsh winters and perilous 
migrations in northern Eurasia by living together and supporting 
each other in situations where a lone animal had little chance 
of surviving. Thus, he inferred a connection between cooperative 
behaviors and survival under adverse conditions. But Kropotkin did 
not spell out the ways in which adversity might favor cooperative 
behaviors, nor did he consider that cooperative behaviors could be 
disadvantageous. He took the very fact that animals seem to do 
better in groups than alone as evidence for mutual aid, apparently 
unaware that any interaction presents the opportunity, or at least 
* Corresponding author. 
E-mail address: wakeleyefas.harvard.edu U. Wakeley). 
hups://doLorg/10.1016b.tpb.2018.12.001 
0040-S809/0 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. 
the temptation, to be the one who comes out ahead even if it is at 
the expense of other individuals. 
Indeed, game theory and evolutionary theory have uncovered 
numerous situations in which cooperative or otherwise helping 
behaviors are detrimental t0 the individual or selectively disad-
vantageous (Hofbauer and Sigmund, 1998; Mesterton-Gibbons. 
2000; Cressman, 2005; Schecter and Gintis, 2016). It has been 
shown using a variety of models that such behaviors can be disfa-
vored even if there are obvious advantages to mutual cooperation. 
For example, in the classic two-player game called the Prisoner's 
Dilemma (Tucker, 1950; Rapoport and Chammah, 1965; Axelrod. 
1984). cooperation results in a "reward payoff' if one's partner 
also cooperates but a "suckers payoff' if one's partner defects. 
Defection yields a "temptation payoff" if one's partner cooperates 
but a "punishment payoff" if one's partner also defects. The reward 
is of course better than the punishment, but it is further assumed 
that the temptation payoff is greater than the reward, and the 
sucker's payoff is even worse than the punishment This leads to a 
paradox: an individual who defects always receives a higher payoff 
but it is clearly illogical for everyone to defect. 
The Prisoner's Dilemma, in which the payoff for defection is 
higher than for cooperation regardless of one's partner behavior, 
EFTA00810742
--- PAGE 2 ---
J. Wakeley and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125(2019)38-55 
Table 1 
The payoff, a(n). J(n), c(n) or d(n). that an individual receives in a symmetric 
two-player game depends both on the individual and on the individual's paltrier. 
In a survival game, these payoffs are probabilities of survival A and B denote 
two possible strategies or types of individuals (e.g. Dove and Hawk). Payoffs are 
simultaneously awarded to both players, i.e. each is considered the Individual (and 
the other the Partner) and awards a payoff according to the table. 
Partner 
A 
Individual 
A 
B 
o(n) 
c(n) 
b(n) 
d(n) 
represents one of four possible types of two-player games. It is 
the polar opposite of what Kropotkin (1902) imagined for mutual 
aid, that instead it would cooperation that would always yield 
the higher payoff. Between these extremes lie two other kinds of 
games. In the Stag Hunt (Skyrms, 2004) and related games, the 
payoff to an individual is higher if it matches the partner's behavior 
regardless of what that behavior is. Cooperators in the Stag Hunt 
go for the big game, a stag, which two such individuals can catch 
but one alone cannot. Non-cooperators opt out of the big-game 
hunt and accept a middling payoff, a hare, which a single individual 
can catch. In this case, cooperation yields the higher payoff only 
when one's partner also cooperates. The Hawk-Dove game (May-
nard Smith and Price, 1973; Maynard Smith, 1978) represents the 
fourth kind, in which having a different behavior than one's partner 
produces a higher payoff. Doves cooperate by sharing resources but 
retreat when challenged. Hawks do not cooperate. They are ready 
to fight to avoid leaving an interaction empty-handed. A Hawk gets 
the entire resource when facing a Dove but suffers badly when fac-
ing another Hawk Hawk and Dove, of course, refer to stereotypical 
personalities not animals. In this last case, cooperation yields the 
higher payoff only when one's partner does not cooperate. Besides 
Hawk-Dove, other well-studied games of this type are the game 
of chicken and the snowdrift game (Doebeli and liauert. 2005: 
Nowak, 2006a). 
We introduce a two-player survival game which can fall into 
any of these four classes. It may also change, for example from a 
Hawk-Dove game into a Prisoner's Dilemma, depending on one 
key feature, the length of the game. In this game, an initially 
sampled pair of individuals confronts a hazardous situation which 
is repeated n times. With reference to Kropotkin (1902). we might 
imagine that each day of a long journey presents a similar set of 
challenges which threaten survival. They might, for example, be 
trying to survive a number of very cold nights or attempting to 
defend themselves repeatedly against a predator. How they fare in 
each step depends on their behavior and their partner's behavior. 
The payoff for an individual is all or nothing: either survive to 
the end of the game or not. Crucially, an individual must face the 
perilous situation alone for the remainder of the game if its partner 
dies. Survival payoffs are thus meted out at each step, and this will 
be important for determining total payoffs in the game. Denoting 
survival as I and death as 0, the expected total payoff to an 
individual in a given situation (i.e. witha specified partner initially) 
is its probability of surviving to the end of the game. The n-step 
survival game is a symmetric two-player game with total payoffs, 
a(n), d(n), c(n) and d(n) as Table 1. Using Table 1 to represent an 
n-step game that is a Prisoner's Dilemma, with A for cooperation 
and B for defection, the reward would be a(n), the sucker's payoff 
b(n), the temptation payoff c(n) and the punishment d(n). 
More generally, depending on a(n), b(n), c(n) and d(n), any 
n-step survival game falls into one of the four classes described 
above. Ignoring the detail that some payoffs might be identical, 
these are defined as follows. If a(n) < c(n) and b(n) < d(n). cooper-
ation has the lower payoff regardless of the partner. Then the game 
falls into the class exemplified by the Prisoner's Dilemma. which 
we will call PD for short. If a(n) > c(n)and b(n) a d(n), cooperation 
has the higher payoff only when one's partner cooperates. This is 
the Stag-Hunt class of games, or SH for short. If a(n) e c(n) and 
b(n) > d(n), cooperation has the higher payoff only when one's 
partner does not cooperate. This is the Hawk-Dove class, or HD for 
short. Finally, if a(n) > c(n) and b(n) > d(n), cooperation has the 
higher payoff regardless of the partner. We follow De Jaegher and 
Hoyer (2016) and call this a Harmony Game. or HG for short. 
We refer to the n-step survival game as a repeated or iterated 
game because the payoff structure in each of then steps is identical 
and equivalent to the single-step version of the game. The notion 
of repeated or iterated games is generally predicated on the idea 
that individuals can act differently in different steps and can react 
to their partner's behavior. When this is true, the relatively sim-
ple conclusions about which strategy may be favorable based on 
Table 1 do not necessarily hold. For example, if two individuals 
play an iterated Prisoner's Dilemma under these conditions, then 
reactive strategies like Tit-for-Tat (Axelrod, 1984) or win-stay, 
lose-shift (Nowak and Sigmund, 1993) can be favored over the 
single-iteration strategy of always-defect. Such repeated games 
allow for the phenomena of direct and indirect reciprocity (Trivers. 
1971; Nowak and Sigmund, 1998) and trigger strategies which 
punish non-cooperation (Osborne and Rubinstein, 1994). These 
are examples of a general phenomenon of behavioral responsive-
ness (Van Cleve and Alccay, 2014) which is one of a small number 
of mechanisms known to promote the evolution of costly cooper-
ation (reviewed in Nowak, 20066; Van Cleve and Alccay, 2014). 
We do not consider reactive strategies or behavioral respon-
siveness in this work. Individuals have one of two possible simple 
strategies: A or B as in Table 1. When both individuals are present, 
which is always the case initially, their survival probabilities in 
each iteration are given by the single-step version of Table 1. i.e. 
with a( 1), b(1), c(1) and d( 1). We will refer to these single-step 
survival probabilities as a, b, c and d. The n-step survival proba-
bilities, a(n), b(n), c(n) and d(n), will depend on these as well as on 
the probabilities of survival when an individual is alone. Although 
the game always begins with two individuals, if one dies the other 
must continue. In the remaining steps, a loner plays a game against 
Nature. Specifically, a loner survives a single step with probability 
as if it has strategy A and probability do if it has strategy B. We are 
especially interested in cases in which the single-step, two-player 
game defined by a, b. c and d is of a different type than the n-step 
game defined by a(n), b(n), c(n) and d(n). 
Several previous works have considered games in which the 
random survival of individuals is an important factor and envi-
ronmental conditions may be harsh. Eshel and Weinshall (1988) 
introduced a model in which payoffs are probabilities of survival. 
Payoffs were drawn randomly from a distribution, and the game 
was repeated with a fixed probability. As in the model we pro-
pose, Eshel and Weinshall (1988) allowed that the game may con-
tinue even if one individual dies. They considered optimal strategy 
choice by individuals under the assumption that individuals have 
perfect knowledge of the game's structure, including the distribu-
tion of the payoffs. Eshel and Shaked (2001)described a similar sur-
viva I game but included a general probability that both members 
of a pair survive, thus allowing for arbitrary synergistic effects of 
partnership (Hauert et al.. 2006; Kun et al.. 2006) within each step 
of the game. Eshel and Weinshall (1988) had assumed that pairwise 
survival probabilities were the products of two individual survival 
probabilities. 
Garay (2009) combined the idea of a survival game with the 
"selfish herd" theory of Hamilton (1971) to produce a model of 
cooperation between pairs of individuals in defense against re-
peated attacks by a predator. Individuals were of two possible 
types, characterized by a probability of helping their partner in 
defense against attack. Garay (2009) derived the total survival 
EFTA00810743
--- PAGE 3 ---
J. Wakefey and M. Nowak/ Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-55 
probabilities of individuals in different kinds of partnerships given 
a faced number of attacks, and used these to describe evolutionarily 
stable strategies (Maynard Smith and Price, 1973) in an infinite 
population. Using the example contrast of one attack versus eight 
attacks, this revealed cases in which helping could not invade a 
completely selfish population given a one-attack game but could 
invade if the number of attacks was larger (Garay. 2009). 
Kropotkin's notion that high levels of adversity could favor 
cooperation has also been studied using simulations of structured 
populations. Harms (2001) found that in a Prisoner's Dilemma co-
operators could gain an advantage at the inhospitable margins of a 
population by colonizing patches cleared by the local extinction of 
defectors. More recent simulations of another model by Smaldino 
et al. (2013) also found cases in which cooperation can be favored 
despite the Prisoner's Dilemma. Specifically, if there is a high cost 
of living for all individuals which, if unchecked, would lead to the 
extinction of the population and if occasional interactions with 
cooperators are required for survival, then cooperation can be 
favored. As in Harms (2001). the success of cooperators in this case 
relied on their ability to form clusters (Smaldino et al., 2013). 
De Jaegher and Hoyer (2016) considered two game-theoretic 
models of the behavior and ecology of a pair of individuals, in 
which higher levels of adversity can change the type of the game. 
Their Model I includes a degree of complementarity which rescales 
payoffs for mixed-strategy pairs compared to same-strategy pain. 
and which could represent an environmental challenge for mixed 
pairs. Their Model 2 includes a number of attacks by a predator 
on individuals protecting a common resource. Cooperators are 
immune to attacks while defectors can sustain at most one at-
tack before the common resource is lost. As in Garay (2009). the 
number of attacks indicates the level of environmental challenge. 
Cooperation may be disfavored when the number of attacks is 
small and yet become favored when the number of attacks is large. 
Depending on the other parameters in the model, however, a range 
of other switches between types of games may occur as the number 
of attacks increases. De Jaegher (2017) extended these results to 
multi-player games. 
Our concerns here are similar to those of Garay (2009) and 
De Jaegher and Hoyer (2016). We study how the structure of the 
two-player iterated survival game changes as a function of its 
parameters, in particular the number of steps it. We compare the 
conclusions for single-step games with those for n-step games. 
Because the payoffs which are probabilities of survival in this game 
decrease as n increases. n is a measure of adversity. We present 
general results for any level of adversity, then focus on the possible 
structures of large-n games. We find conditions under which any 
type of single-step game, be it a Prisoner's Dilemma, a Stag Hunt or 
a Hawk-Dove game. will become a Harmony Game as n increases. 
We identify three other large-n results, one of which shows the 
opposite: single-step advantages of cooperation may disappear 
as n grows. To facilitate comparisons, we define A throughout as 
the more cooperative type based on the single-step game, so that 
a > d. Thus, AA pairs survive better than BB pairs. We consider 
both infinite and finite populations but in neither case is there 
spatial or any other kind of structure. We do not develop a detailed 
biological. ecological or behavioral model. Akin to what is done in 
models of diploid viability selection, we describe the game and its 
results directly in terms of survival probabilities. Our results are 
applicable to a wide range of specific scenarios in which payoffs 
affect viability (as opposed to fertility or fecundity) and in which 
partnerships may either enhance survival or detract from it. 
It Evolutionary dynamics 
Comparing a(n) to c(n) and b(n) to d(n) in Table I indicates 
whether the more cooperative strategy A yields the higher or the 
lower payoff given partners of type A and B, respectively. In game 
theory and much of evolutionary game theory which treats pop-
ulations, these two comparisons are relevant because individuals 
choose or modify their strategies based on their knowledge of 
the game and its outcomes (Sandholm, 2010). When individuals 
cannot alter or choose their behaviors but payoffs affect fitness. 
the same sorts of evolutionary models are used to predict changes 
in the frequency of hardwired behaviors in a population. In this 
section, we briefly summarize the evolutionary game dynamics of 
infinite populations. 
The replicator equation, in which general payoffs are inter-
preted as contributions to individual fitness (Taylor and Jonker, 
1978; Hofbauer et al., 1979; Zeeman, 1980; Schuster and Sigmund, 
1983; Hofbauer and Sigmund, 1988, 1998) provides an evolution-
ary setting for the classification of two-player games. In a survival 
game payoffs are fitnesses, specifically viabilities. If x is the relative 
frequency of A in an infinite population, the replicator equation 
gives the instantaneous rate of change 
= 
— x)(la(n)— c(n)Ix 
lb(n)— d(n)j(1 — x)). 
(1) 
Eq. (I) illustrates the evolutionary consequences of partner-
dependent payoffs when pain are formed at random in proportion 
to the frequencies of A and B. When x x 1. so thatA is very common 
and nearly all partners are A, it is the sign of a(n) — c(n) that 
determines whether A is favored in the population. On the other 
hand, when x x 0, so that nearly all partners are B, the sign of 
b(n) — d(n) is what matters. Beyond this. Eq. ( I ) shows that for any 
value of x, it is the sign of (a(n) — c(n)ix 
lb(n) — d(n)1(1 — x) 
that determines whether A is favored. Thus. in a population and in 
evolution the relative magnitudesof both a(n)—c(n) and b(n)—d(n) 
are important. such that one may dominate the other at a given 
value of x. This is not something that can be gleaned directly from 
Table 1. 
Without mutation, the fates of A and B in this infinite population 
are entirely determined by Eq. (1). From any starting point, x will 
move deterministically toward one of three possible equilibria 
which are the solutions of k = 0 and which may correspond to 
the evolutionarily stable strategies mentioned in Section 1. Two 
monomorphic equilibria always exist. z = 0 and 1 = 1. The 
polymorphic equilibrium 
b(n) — d(n) 
— 
(2) 
b(n) — d(n) — a(n) 
c(n) 
might also exist, depending on the payoffs. It exists, which is to say 
that Eq. (2) gives a biologically meaningful value, when a(n), b(n), 
c(n) and d(n) are such that 0 < it < 1. 
Eq. ( I ) defines the same four types of symmetric two-player 
games. In the PD case, a(n) — c(n) < 0 and b(n) — d(n) < 0. 
and Eq. (1) shows that z < 0 for all values of x E (0, 1). Starting 
at any value x < 1, the frequency of A will decrease to zero. The 
polymorphic equilibrium given by Eq. (2) does not exist. In the SH 
case, a(n)—c(n) > 0 and b(n)—d(n) < O. ThenA isdisfavored when 
x is below the polymorphic equilibrium Si in Eq. (2) and favored 
when x > 2. The polymorphic equilibrium exists and is unstable. 
In the HD case, a(n) — c(n) < 0 and b(n) — d(n) > 0. Then A is 
favored when x <2. and disfavored when x > z. The polymorphic 
equilibrium exists and is stable. In the HG case. a(n)— c(n) > 0 and 
b(n) — d(n) > O. Then k > 0 and A is favored for all x e (0. 1). The 
polymorphic equilibrium does not exist. Fig. I shows examples of a 
Prisoner's Dilemma, a Stag Hunt and a Hawk-Dove survival game. 
depicting payoffs in their contexts (upper panels) and associated 
shapes of k (lower panels). A Harmony Game is not shown but 
would be another case of directional selection, like Fig. ID but with 
> 0 for all x e (0, 1). 
These four types of games defined by the shape of ic over the 
interval 10, 1] are identical to what is observed in classical models 
EFTA00810744
--- PAGE 4 ---
J. Wakeley and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125(2019)38-55 
A 
D 
Prisoners Dilemma 
1. 
c(n) 
096 a(n) 
..................., 
a(n) 
0.94 
098 
M^> 
o. 
-0.CO1 
X 
-0.002 
-0.003 
0.25 
0.5 
0.75 
x 
B 
7' ow 
n) 
= 
1. 
v 
E 094 
z 
a o sa 
n) 
-0 c 
• n) 
BB 
M BA 
Ark 
- 
BB 
MBA 
AA 
Individual-Partner Pair 
Individual-Partner Pair 
Stag Hunt 
E 
0.001 
0. 
A 
-0.001 
-0.002 
-0.003 
Stag Hunt 
0.25 
0.5 
0.75 
x 
C 
1. 
k 0.98 
0.98 
:E 0.94 
F 
0. 
A 
-0.001 
-0.002 
0.25 
0.5 
0.75 
Hawk-Dove 
cm) 
U^)
a(n)
d(n) 
BB 
MBA 
AA 
Individual-Paitner Pair 
Hawk-Dove 
Flg. 1. A and D: Prisoner's Dilemma with payoffs a = 0.97. b = 0.94, c = 0.99, d = 0.95 (a linear transformation of the classic R = 3, 5 = 0, 7 = 5, P = 1 of Axelrod 
0984e.g.a = 0.94 + R/100).B and E: Stag Hunt, with a = 0.99.0 = 0.94, c = d = 0.97 (corresponding to a stag value of 0.05 and a hare value of 0.03 added to a baseline 
survival probability of 0.94). C and F: Hawk-Dove, with a = 0.97, b = 0.95, c = 0.99, d = 0.94 (corresponding to a cost of fighting of 0.03 and a resource value of 0.04, 
with a baseline survival probability of 0.95). Line segments in A, B and C connect the survival probabilities for B (left) versus A (right) when each occurs with given type 
of partner. The curves in D. E and F show k from Eq. (1). In diploid population genetics. these three cases fora are called directional selection (D), underdominance (E) and 
overdominance (F). 
of diploid viability selection (e.g. see section 4.2 in Nagylaki, 1992). 
The difference is that, barring atypical phenomena such as meiotic 
drive (Dunn, 1953; Sandler and Novitsky, 1957) or segregation-
distortion (Sandler and Hiraizumi, 1960; Hard. 1974), standard 
diploid models always have b(n) = c(n). It is by allowing b(n) # 
c(n) that two-player games introduce the paradox of the Prisoner's 
Dilemma, in which c(n) > a(n) and d(n) > b(n) but a(n) > d(n). In 
order to have c(n) > a(n) and d(n) > b(n) in a standard diploid 
model it would be necessary to have a(n) e d(n). Accordingly. 
the Prisoner's Dilemma is the most stringent form of a cooperative 
dilemma (Doebeli and Hauert, 2005; Hauert et al., 2006; Nowak, 
2012). A cooperative dilemma exists when (i) mutual cooperation 
results in a higher payoff than mutual non-cooperation, so that 
a(n) > d(n) when A represents cooperation, but (ii) there is incen-
tive to be non-cooperative in at least one of three ways: (iia) c(n) > 
a(n), (iib) d(n) > b(n) or (iic) c(n) > b(n) (Nowak, 2012). The 
Prisoner's Dilemma includes all three of these incentives. Games 
with fewer barriers to cooperation, such as the Stag Hunt and the 
Hawk-Dove game, represent relaxed cooperative dilemmas. The 
Harmony Game involves no cooperative dilemma and presents no 
barrier to cooperation. 
2. An n-step survival game between two players 
Our survival game always includes n iterations and begins with 
a pair of individuals. In each step, both might survive or one, 
the other or both might die. These same outcomes hold for the 
complete game, only the probabilities of surviving will be smaller. 
We consider two unconditional strategies. A and B. When both 
players are present, their individual survival probabilities are given 
by the single-step version of Table I with a(1) • a, b(1) • b, 
c(1) • 
c and d(1) • 
d. However, the next iteration must be 
faced by whoever has survived so far, until all n iterations are done. 
Thus, an individual might have to play alone. Then the survival 
probabilities become ao forA without a partner and do for B without 
a partner. In all of what follows. A will be the more cooperative 
strategy, meaning that a > d. 
The n-step survival game is a stochastic process with six possi-
ble states: the paired states AA, AB and BB, the loner states A and B, 
and the state in which both individuals have died which we denote 
0. It is convenient to represent a single iteration using the matrix 
AA AB BB 
A 
IA 
a2 
2a(1 - a) 
AB 
b(1 — r) 
BB 
d2 
A 
a0
B 
O 
B 
O 
(1 — a)2 
r(1 — b) (1 — b)( 1 — c) 
2d(1 — d) 
(1 — d)2
O 
— ao 
(3) 
do 
— do 
O 
with entries equal to the transition probabilities among he six 
states. For example, the transition from state AB to state B means 
that the B individual survives and the A individual dies. In a single 
step, this occurs with probability c(1— b). Note that the transitions 
in Eq. (3) include the fates of both individuals but the individuals 
are not labeled Individual and Partner as they are in Table I. 
The process described by Eq. (3) is depicted in Fig. 2. State 
O is an absorbing state. There is no possibility of transition be-
tween the paired states M. AB, and BB. Instead each of these 
feeds either straight into state 0, from which there is no escape. 
or into one of the loner states. A or B. and from there into 0. 
Therefore, transitions from any of the starting, paired states to 
absorption in state 0 involve either one or two changes of state. 
Further, all of the transitions that cannot occur in a single iteration 
(the 0 entries in the matrix) cannot ever occur regardless of the 
number of iterations. Because of this simple structure, the n-step 
transition probabilities can be calculated directly by conditioning 
on the times these transitions take place, i.e. on their positions 
in the sequence of n iterations. It is also possible to compute the 
n-step transition probabilities using standard techniques for 
Markov chains, and this provides a useful framework for decom-
posing the process and describing its behavior when n is large. 
Details of the matrix approach are given in the Appendix. but 
two key features of it inform our presentation. The first is the fact 
of the absorbing state (0) in which both individuals have died. It 
will be reached eventually, meaning in the limit n 
oo. For large 
n the game process will be just the approach to this state. Second, 
when n is large, the rate of approach to state 0 will be given by the 
largest non-unit eigenvalue of the matrix in Eq. (3). Because it is an 
upper triangular matrix, the eigenvalues are simply the entries on 
the diagonal. By convention, we call the largest of these 2. = land 
EFTA00810745
--- PAGE 5 ---
J. Wake f ey and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 12S (2019)38-55 
® 
 a
rv R 
 .® 
Flg. 2. Flow diagram of the stochastic process given by the matrix of Eq. (3).Arrows 
show all possible transitions among the six states (A4. At BB. A. B. 0).States AA, AB, 
BB. A and B are transient. State 0 is absorbing. The process always begins in one of 
the three states on the left, M. AB or BB. After n iterations. it may be in any of the 
six possible states. 
note that this corresponds to the eventual absorption in state 0. In 
all, we have 
= 1, a2, bc, d2, ao, 
. 
(4) 
Following the discussion of Table 1 and Eq. ( I), we expect the 
fates of A and 8 in this iterated game to depend on the relative 
magnitudes of a versus c and b versus d. Eq. (4) suggests that 
their fates will also depend on the relative magnitudes of the 
pair survival probabilities. a2. be and d2. and on the loner survival 
probabilities. ao and 4. and that this dependence may be especially 
strong when n is large. 
We compute the n-step pair survival probabilities directly as 
Prob(AA —* AA) = a2" 
Prob(AB —a. AB) = (bcr 
Prob(BB 
BB) = dm. 
(5) 
(6) 
(7) 
Then, by considering the possibility that one of the individuals 
might die in step 1 < i < ri and the other individual survives to 
the end of the game, we have 
re 
Prob(AA -* A) = E (a2)1-1 2a(1 - a)arl
= 02. 4)  
2a(1 — a) 
— an 
Prob(AB -> A) = 
Prob(AB 
B) = 
E(bc)i- 1 b(1 - c)arl
a-t 
((kr 
d°)
1_ c)
It 
DbCr
I CO — LOCIrj
i-t 
CO — b) 
(ocr -
 d
frc 
do
Prob(BB 
8) = E 
2d(1 - 
(14)
I 
= (d2n 
A„
)
 2d( 1  d) 
d2
The only other possibility is that neither individual survives, so we 
also have 
Prob(AA 
0) = 1 —Prob(AA 
AA) — Prob(AA —* A) 
(16) 
Prob(AB —a. 0) = 1 — Prob(AB 
AB) —Prob(AB 
A) 
Prob(AB 
B) 
(17) 
Prob(BB —* 0) = 1 — Prob(BB —a. BB) — Prob(BB 
B). 
(18) 
In the Appendix we show how these probabilities are obtained 
using techniques for Markov chains. 
Eqs. (8) through (15) make it clear that this paired survival 
process is one in which the fortunes of individuals may change. 
perhaps drastically depending on the values of ao and do relative 
to a, b, c and d. Consider starting state AB. Eq. (12) shows how the 
probability of being in state Bat the end of n iterations is computed. 
In words, both individuals survive for some time (i -1 steps), then 
A dies, and B survives the rest of time (n - i steps). If A dies, B 
trades its individual survival probability of c. which B enjoys in the 
presence and A, fora loner survival probability of do. It could be that 
do c c, making B worse off after A dies. In fact, B's fate is closely 
tied with A's because this switch could occur quickly if A's survival 
probability, b, is small. Of course. while there is a cost to B when 
A dies (assuming 4 c c), the death of A in this partnership also 
represents a rather direct disadvantage toA. In order to understand 
whether A or B will prevail in evolution, it is necessary to account 
for the full dynamics of reproduction in a population, with fitnesses 
that are determined by this game. We will take this up in Section 3. 
In the n-step game, the differences a(n) - c(n) and b(n) — d(n) 
give the conditions under which A is favored. The n-step payoffs. 
or survival probabilities, are computed by accounting for the two 
ways an individual may survive the game. An individual survives 
if both it and its partner survive or if it survives but its partner 
dies. The total probabilities of individual survival in each kind of 
partnership are 
a(n) = Prob(AA 
AA) + Prob(AA -o A)/2 
_ a2" a—ao
+ a(1 — a) 
a2 — ao 
ao — a2
b(n) = Prob(AB 
AB) + Prob(AB 
A) 
b
 ao 
b(1 — c) 
= (kr be - ao + 4 ao — be 
c(n) = Prob(AB 
AB) 
Prob(AB 
B) 
= (bcr 
c — do +4  c(1 — b) 
be -d o
do — bc 
d(n) = Prob(BB 
BB) + Prob(BB 
B)/2 
— d2" d 
dO + 4d 
— d) 
d2 — 4 
- d2
The transitions AA 
A and BB 
B are adjusted by a factor 
of 1/2 because they are equally likely to happen by the death 
of the partner as by the death of the focal individual. Eqs. (19) 
through (22) are our general results, namely the n-step survival 
probabilities for individuals of types A and B given each kind of 
initial partnership. They are exact for any values of a, b, c, d, ao 
and do greater than zero and less than one, and for any number 
of iterations n 
1. As expected, when n = 1, they reduce to the 
single-step survival probabilities a(1) = a, b( 1) = b, c(1) = c and 
d(1) = d. 
The two key differences in payoff are then 
a(n) - c(n)- am a 
ao 
Go — a2 
+ 4 
— a)
a
 ao 
(15) 
(19) 
(20) 
(21) 
(22) 
EFTA00810746
--- PAGE 6 ---
J. Waketey and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-55 
— 
_ (krc__ 
c(I — b) 
be —do 
° do — bc 
b(n)— d(n)= (bon 
+ aiot bt 
 c) 
bc — a 
ao o 
aol — bc 
do
_ d2nd_ 
d(1 — d) 
d2 — do 
° do — d2
Each term in Eqs. (23) and (24) includes a factor A? for one of the 
non-unit eigenvalues (a2, bc, d2. a0. do). These factors are positive. 
The denominator of each term is the difference between two 
eigenvalues. If we know the eigenvalues, we know whether the de-
nominators are positive or negative. In some cases the numerator 
might be negative, but by the definition of a, b, c, d, ao and do as 
probabilities, the numerator will be positive if the denominator is 
positive. Thus Eqs. (23) and (24) are written so that the sign of each 
term indicates whether it favors A (+ ) or disfavors A (—) when 
the denominator is positive. We do this to facilitate the analysis of 
large n, in which case a(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) will come to be 
dominated by the terms involving the largest non-unit eigenvalue. 
Another way to write Eqs. (23) and (24) is 
on) — c(n) = (a — ao)°
a2" — an 
(c 
do)(bcr - cag 
a2 — ao 
be —do 
+ a; — 
(25) 
b(n)— d(n)= (b — ao)(kr  _4 
2* — 4 
(d 
do)
bc
 ao 
d2 — do
+ ao — d; 
(26) 
which brings attention to the possible survival value of having a 
partner and of being A versus B without a partner. Thus, a — ao and 
c — do in Eq. (25) are the increments to the survival probabilities 
of A and B when each has partner A compared to when they are 
alone. Likewise. b — ao and d — 4 in Eq. (26) are the corresponding 
increments for A and B with partner B versus alone. Note that the 
fractions multiplying these increments are always positive. All else 
being equal, a(n)—c(n) increases witha—ao > 0 but decreaseswith 
c — do > 0, and b(n)—d(n)increases with b — ao > 0 but decreases 
with d -4 > O. Negative increments have the opposite effects. For 
example, if B suffers by having a B partner compared to being alone, 
then d—do < 0. which in turn favors A via the difference b(n)—d(n). 
The last two terms of both Eqs. (25) and (26) quantify the n-step 
effects of differences in the loner survival probabilities, ao and do. 
If ao > do the contribution to both a(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) is 
positive, and if 4 < do it is negative. 
These five possible increments to individual survival, namely 
a —ao, b—ao, c —do, d—do and ao—do. in Eqs. (25) and (26 ) are helpful 
for understanding some of our results and the structure of survival 
games generally. However, it is also clear from the additional 
presence of the pair-state eigenvalues in Eqs. (25) and (26) as well 
as in Eqs. (23) and (24). that these five increments do not entirely 
determine the prospects for cooperation. The relative magnitudes 
of the five eigenvalues will also be important. This may be seen in 
the denominators in Eqs. (25), (26), (23) and (24), which contrast 
the survival of pairs to the survival of loners: a2—ao, be —ao. bc —do, 
d2-4. The preceding expressions, Eqs.(23)and (24). are especially 
useful for predicting the structure of the game when n is large. 
(23) 
(24) 
3. Four types of prolonged survival games 
Here, we present analytical results for large n and use our 
exact results to illustrate how the prospects for A depend on n for 
intermediate values. The analysis of large n allows us to answer 
questions such as: Is there a number of iterations beyond which A 
is unambiguously favored? More generally, we ask how the game 
might change for A, for better or for worse, as the number of 
iterations increases. We present results both for a(n) — c(n) and 
b(n) — d(n) and in terms of the unified predictions of Eq. ( I ). 
Eq. (1) is a standard replicator equation for a symmetric two-
player game. In the Appendix, we show how it may be derived 
for the n-step survival game. This has two notable features: the 
game works by removing individuals from the population instead 
of affecting their rates of reproduction and the derivation follows 
pairs of individuals rather than single individuals. Also in the 
Appendix, we take a discrete-time, population-genetic approach 
to show that the change in frequency of A over one generation is 
Ax = x(1 — x)0a(n)— c(n)1x 
(b(n)— d(n)1(1 — x))/th, 
(27) 
which is identical in form to ic in Eq. ( I ) but scaled by the average 
fitness, tb. Eq. (27) is directly comparable to classical results for 
diploid viability selection. Importantly, tun 0. Therefore, all of the 
conclusions concerning the ultimate fate of the cooperative type 
A in the population, based on the sign of the change in frequency. 
will be the same whether one appeals to Eq. ( I ) or Eq. (27). 
Each of the n-step payoffs a(n), b(n), c(n) and d(n) depends on 
two of the non-unit eigenvalues, and each eigenvalue is raised to 
the power n. Thus a(n), b(n), c(n) and d(n) all decrease to zero as n 
tends to infinity. Surviving more steps is less likely than surviving 
fewer steps. As a consequence, the two key fitness differences. 
a(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n), and the instantaneous rate of change. 
also approach zero in the limit 17 -. co. We study the approach 
to this neutral limit in order to understand whether increasing n 
fundamentally alters the prospects for cooperation. For example. 
if ic < 0 when n = 1 but the neutral limit z = 0 is approached 
from above, then there exists a value of n beyond which k > 0. In 
this case. the single-step game favors the non-cooperative type B 
but large-n games favor the cooperative type A. 
In the following subsections, we describe four main categories 
of large-n. or prolonged, survival games. These are characterized 
both in the usual way by the relative values of a, b, c and d, that 
is by the structure of the single-step game. and by the rank order 
of non-unit eigenvalues a2, bc, d2 ao and do. We have defined the 
cooperative strategy A throughout by a > d, which guarantees that 
a2 > d2. Thus d2 will never be the largest non-unit eigenvalue. The 
first two types of prolonged survival games we describe are those 
for which a2 is the largest and those for which bc is the largest. 
The third and fourth types of prolonged survival games are ones 
in which lone individuals survive with high probability. Simplifi-
cations emerge when 17 is large because the n-step payoffs become 
dominated by their largest terms. We present approximations for 
large n, showing just the leading terms of a(n)—c(n)and b(n)—d(n), 
and of it. 
11. Games in which cooperation will prevail 
The first case we consider is when having a partner significantly 
enhances survival and it is theAA type not theAB type that survives 
best This is case in which a2 is the largest non-unit eigenvalue: 
a2 > bc, ao, do. Thus, the probability that both members of an 
AA pair survive a single iteration is greater than the corresponding 
probability for any other pair and for either type of lone individual. 
The condition a2 > bc may be true of any kind of two-player 
game, but the chance it is depends on the game. One way to 
quantify this is toconsider the total parameter space of two-player. 
single-step survival games. Because a, b. c and d are probabilities 
and here it is assumed that a > d, this space is equal to half of a 
four-dimensional hypercube. Further, since a > d implies a2 > d2, 
there are just three possible relations of the pair-state eigenvalues, 
a2, bc and d2. Either bc > a2, a2 > bc > d2 or d2 > bc. The latter 
two satisfy the condition a2 > bc. Table 2 lists the proportions 
of the total parameter space satisfying the criteria for each type 
of single-step game. In addition, Table 2 shows the percentages 
EFTA00810747
--- PAGE 7 ---
J. WaRefry and M. Nowak/ Theoretical Population Many 125 (2019)38-55 
Table 2 
Partitioning of the four-dimensional hypercube into fractions meeting the game conditions in the first 
column. The types of single-step games are abbreviated PD, SH. HD and HG for Prisoners Dilemma, 
Stag Hunt, Hawk-Dove game, and Harmony Game. Exact results were obtained by integration in 
Mathematica (Wolfram Research. Inc., 2018). Percentages are rounded to the nearest 0.1%. Note that 
in all cases a > el by definition, so it is always true that 02 > d2. 
Game type 
PD: a <c,b<d 
with a > (b + c)/2 
with a > (b + c)12.d < (b+ c)/2 
SH: a>c,b<d 
HD: a < b > d 
HG: a>c,b>d 
Proportion 
Order of pair-state eigenvalues 
be >a,
a2 > bc > d2
el? > bc 
1/12 
10% 
40% 
SO% 
(3/4 of 1/12) 
0% 
40% 
60% 
(1/2 of 1/12) 
0% 
60% 
40% 
1/4 
0% 
11.1% 
88.9% 
1/4 
80% 
20% 
0% 
S/12 
10% 
663% 
23.3% 
of the game-specific parameter regions corresponding to each of 
the three possible relations of the pair-state eigenvalues. So, for 
example, 90% of PD-type games have az > bc, compared to 20% of 
HD-type games. 
When the single-step game is a canonical Prisoner's Dilemma, it 
is always true that az > bc. This is due to the assumption that the 
reward payoff must be larger than the average of the temptation 
payoff and the suckers payoff (see, e.g. Rapoport and Chammah. 
1965; Axelrod, 1984), in which case we have 
> 
b
 c )2- bc +(b
 c ) 2
(- 
(-
> bc. 
(28) 
In what follows, it will be important to know which is the second-
largest non-unit eigenvalue, especially in the consideration of fi-
nite populations in Section 4. Thus, the two cases az > bc > dz 
and d2 > bc are distinguished in Table 2. We find that canonical 
Prisoner's Dilemmas are 40%az > bc > dz and 60%d2 > bc. If 
we also require that the punishment payoff must be less than the 
average of the temptation payoff and the sucker's payoff (e.g. see 
p. 219 of Cressman. 2005). this 40 : 60 split is reversed. 
It would be possible to expand Table 2 by including ao and do 
and integrating over the six-dimensional space of all parameters. 
There would be more than three relations among the five non-unit 
eigenvalues. We do not pursue this here. For the prolonged games 
considered in this section and in Section 3.2, it is taken for granted 
that neither ao nor do is the largest non-unit eigenvalue. In contrast. 
in Sections 3.3 and 3.4 it is taken for granted that one of ao or do is 
the largest non-unit eigenvalue or they both are and they are equal. 
If we were to include a0 and do in Table 2, we expect they would 
often be larger than az and bc due to the fact that these pair-state 
eigenvalues are products of probabilities. 
There is just one term in Eqs. (19) through (22) which includes 
the factor a2.. corresponding to what is assumed here to be the 
largest non-unit eigenvalue, az. It is in the expression for a(n). Thus. 
we have 
a(n) — c(n) r a2„ 
 > 0 
a2 
ao
when n is very large. Eq. (29) gives the approximate value of a(n)—
c(n) as it approaches zero in the limit n 
co. This result shows 
that whatever value or sign a(1) — c(1) = a — c might have in a 
single iteration, there exists a value of n above which a(n) — c(n) 
will be greater than zero. 
The leading term in the other key difference. b(n) — d(n), will 
depend on which of bc, dz. 00 or do is the next-largest eigenvalue. 
Consider, for example, a game which strongly enhances survival, 
such that az, bc, d2 > ao, do. If bc is the next largest eigenvalue 
after az, then from Eq. (24) we have 
b(n)— d(n) e- (bcr bc — ao > 0. 
(30) 
b 
ao 
(29) 
lim 
1?- .00 a(n) — c(n) 
Thus, when n is very large, the advantage in survival that A has 
over B when the partner is A will be much greater than whatever 
difference there is in survival between A and B when the partner is 
B. One may argue from an evolutionary standpoint that the large-n 
Stag Hunt game, with a(n) — c(n) in Eq. (29) and b(n) — d(n) in 
Eq. (31), will be a very relaxed cooperative dilemma. Specifically. 
owing to Eq. (32), a large-n Stag Hunt of this sort will have its 
unstable polymorphic equilibrium x in Eq. (2) close to zero, with 
the result that A will be favored over most of the range of x. 
Finally, when n is very large the replicator equation, Eq. (1), 
becomes 
In this case, the large-n game becomes a Harmony Game in whichA 
is unambiguously favored. On the other hand, if the second largest 
eigenvalue is dz, then from Eq. (24) we have 
b(n)— d(n) 
dea d—
d°  e0. 
(31) 
crz — do 
In this case, the large-n game becomes or remains a Stag Hunt 
game, so A does not become unambiguously favored. The chances 
of being in either of these two sub-cases are given in Table 2. 
Similar arguments can be applied when ao or do is the second-
largest non-unit eigenvalue. Then Eq. (24) shows that for large iv, 
b(n) — d(n) > 0 if ao is the second-largest, and b(n) — d(n) < 0 if 
do is the second-largest. 
Regardless of which is the second-largest non-unit eigenvalue, 
if az is the largest then a(n) — c(n) will be much greater than 
b(n) — d(n) when n is large. This may be expressed as 
b(n) — d(n) 
(32) 
a — a° 
k rr x2(1 — x)a2"— 
>0 for all x e(0, 1). 
(33) 
We conclude that, if n is large enough in the case of this first type 
of prolonged survival game, the more cooperative type A will be 
uniformly favored in an infinite population. This result requires 
only that az is the largest non-unit eigenvalue. It is robust to 
differences in the loner survival probabilities 00 and do. As long as 
az is large enough, the non-cooperative type B cannot be rescued 
by an advantage in loner survivability. Table 2 shows that az > bc 
for the great majority of possible single-step survival games, the 
exception being games of the Hawk-Dove type, of which only 20% 
will have this property. 
Fig. 3 illustrates how the two key differences in payoff. a(n) —
c(n) and b(n) — d(n), change as n increases for two examples based 
on the Prisoner's Dilemma. In Fig. 3A, the survival probabilities for 
individuals with partners are a = 0.8. b = 0.6, c = 0.9. d = 0.7. 
Thus. the cooperative type A incurs an 11% loss of fitness compared 
to B when the partner is A and a 14% loss when the partner is B. The 
survival probabilities for loners are much smaller and identical: 
ao = do = 0.3. The eigenvalues are az = 0.64. bc = 0.54. 
= 0.49, ao = 0.3 and do = 0.3. This game starts as a Prisoners 
EFTA00810748
--- PAGE 8 ---
J. Wakeley and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-55 
A 
Payoff Difference 
Number of iterations. n 
B 
Number of Iterations, n 
fig. 3. Values of the two key differences. a(n) — c(n)and b(n) — d(n). as a function of the number of iterations. for two different survival games which are Prisoner's Dilemmas 
when n = 1. Panel A: a = 0.8. b =0.6,c =0.9.d= 0.7 and ao = do = 0.3. Panel 6: a= 0.9.6 =0.8,c =0.95. d = 0.85 and ao =do = 0.65. 
A 
0.04 
PO 
,go z 
0. 
0.02 
-0.02 
-0.04 
- 0.06 
- 0.08 
HD 
HG 
SO 
• a(n)-c(n) 
• b(n)- d(n) 
Number of Iterations, n 
B 
0.04 
PD 
0.02 
0. 
-0.02 
I 
-0.04 
(5 -0.06 
-0.08 
SH 
HG 
•
• a(n)-c(n) 
• b(n)-d(n) 
Number of Iterations, n 
Fag. 0. Values °IG(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) over n = 1...80 iterations for two games which begin as Prisoner's Dilemmas at n = I. In both cases, the loner survival 
probabilities are ck, = 4 = 0.9. PanelA: a = 0.97.6 = 0.94. c = 0.99,d = 0.95; these are the same as in Fig. IA and D. Panel It a = 0.9733.6 = 0.94.c = 0.99, d = 0.9567: 
this differs from panel A only in that a and d are spaced evenly between c and b. 
Dilemma (PD) when n = 1. For intermediate numbers of iterations. 
specifically n = 3 and n = 4, the game changes to one in which A is 
disfavored when rare (b(n) — d(n) < 0) but favored when common 
(a(n) — c(n) > 0), as in the Stag Hunt (SH). Then as n grows it 
becomes a game in which A is uniformly favored, as in the Harmony 
Game (HG). 
Fig. 3B displays results for a very similar game, but one in which 
the single-iteration probabilities of individual survival are shifted 
closer to 1 by a factor of 1/2. That is, a = 0.9, b = 0.8. c = 0.95. 
d = 0.85 and ao = do = 0.65. Now the eigenvalues are a2 = 0.81. 
be = 0.76, d2 = 0.7225. ao = 0.65 and do = 0.65. Overall, the 
picture is similar to Fig. 3A, with the three phases PD then SH then 
HG. But now in moving from n = I ton = 2. the selection against 
A becomes stronger rather than weaker. This is more in line with 
the usual notion of iterated games, in which payoffs are assumed 
to accrue additively. In survival games, however, this decrease 
cannot continue because all games become neutral as n approaches 
infinity. 
Fig. 3 may be compared to Fig. 4 (Model 2AIII) of De Jaegher 
and Hoyer (2016). with their number of attacks being analogous 
to n. A point of contrast between our model based on multiplying 
single-step survival probabilities and the behavioral and ecological 
scenario, Model 2 of De Jaegher and Hoyer (2016) is that in our 
model the payoff differences a(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) may be 
non-monotonic. as they are in Fig. 3, whereas these are always 
monotonic in Model 2 of De Jaegher and Hoyer (2016). We will 
return to Model 2 of De Jaegher and Hoyer (2016) and make further 
comparisons in the Discussion. 
Because survival probabilities decrease with each iteration. n is 
a measure of the adversity faced by individuals, or the harshness 
of the environment Mother way to measure adversity is directly 
in terms of single-step survival probabilities. Adversity is greater 
when a, b, c, d, ao and do are smaller. Fig. 3 provides an example of 
how an increase in this sort of environmental challenge affects the 
outcome of the game. Single-step survival probabilities are smaller 
in Fig. 3A, so we would say that the environment is harsher in 
Fig. 3A than in Fig. 3B. Comparing the two shows that increasing 
this kind of adversity causes the cooperative type A to become 
unambiguously favored (HG) sooner, that is for smaller n. 
Fig. 4 shows how a(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) change as the 
number of iterations increases for two Prisoner's Dilemmas with 
survival probabilities even closer to 1. In Fig. 4A. the game at n = 1 
is identical to the example in Fig. IA and ID. Again, the payoffs in 
this game follow the classical spacing (R = 3, S = 0, T = 5. P = 1) 
of Axelrod (1984). For comparison, the game in Fig. 4B has the same 
value of the temptation payoff (c = 0.99) and the sucker payoff 
(b = 0.94) but has reward a and punishment d spaced evenly 
between these, as was the case in Fig. 3. 1n both Fig. 4A and 4B, 
the loner survival probabilities are ao = 4 = 0.9. Both show 
the phenomenon of a worsening dilemma (greater disadvantage 
for A) at small n. then a switch to a relaxed dilemma and finally to 
a Harmony Game. In Fig. 4B, the intermediate, relaxed dilemma is 
a Stag Hunt game, as in Fig. 3. In Fig. 4A, the intermediate, relaxed 
dilemma is instead a Hawk-Dove game. Eqs. (25) and (26) are 
helpful in understanding the difference between Fig. 4Aand Fig. 48. 
In moving from Fig. 4A to Fig. 48, the increment a — ao in Eq. (25) is 
boosted by 0.0033 and the increment d — 4 in Eq. (26) is boosted 
by 0.0067. This increases a(n) — c(n) and decreases b(n) — d(n). 
Fig. 5 shows how a(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) change as n 
increases for examples of the Stag Hunt and the Hawk-Dove game. 
Parameters are as in Fig. I with the addition of ao = 4 = 0.9 
for both models. As with the examples in Fig. 4, these are cases 
in which a2 is the largest non-unit eigenvalue. so Eqs. (29), (30) 
and (31) apply. In contrast to what is seen in Fig. 4, one or the 
other of a(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) is still negative in Fig. 5 even 
at n = 100. From n = 
to beyond n = 
100, these remain a 
EFTA00810749
--- PAGE 9 ---
J. Wake! ey and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-55 
A 
Stag Hunt 
0.4 
0.3 
0.2 
-0.2 
100 
Number of Iterations. n 
B 
0.15 
Od 
OM 
0. 
-0.05 
-0.1 
Hawk-Dove 
• a(n)-c(n) 
▪ b(n)-din) 
100 
Number of Iterations, n 
Fig. 5. Values of o(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) over n = 1... 100 iterations for two games whkh begin as a Stag Hunt and as a Hawk-Dove game at n = I. In both cases, as 
in Fig. 4, the loner survival probabilities are cio = do = 0.9. Panel A: a = 0.99. b = 0.94. r = d = 0.97; these are the same as in Fig. IB and E. Panel El: a = 0.97.6 = 0.95. 
c = 0.99. d = 0.94: these are the same as in Fig. IC and F. 
A 
0. 
-0.005 
-0.01 
0.2 
0.4 
0.8
005
s
h.
C 4
14, 
4.) 
x 
0.8 
O. 
B 
0.005 
-0.005 
-001 
o. 
0.2 
OA 
x 
Fig. 6. Picas of k for the models in Fig. 4. that is for two diferent Prisoner's Dilemmas at n = I. Panel A: a = 0.97,8 = 0.94.4 = 0.99. = 0.95 and ao = do = 0.9. Panel It 
a = 0.9733.6 = 0.94, c = 0.99. d = 0.9567 and ao = do = 0.9. In both panels. the thick contour line is drawn at it = 0, which corresponds to the polymorphic equilibrium 
of Eq. (2) for each value of rt. For simplicity of presentation, we plot the surface as a smooth function of n, whereas in reality it is discrete. 
Stag Hunt and a Hawk-Dove game. In the Stag Hunt of Fig. 5A, the 
next-largest eigenvalue is d2, so b(n) — d(n) will remain negative. 
However, as can already be seen in the figure. it will be much 
smaller in magnitude than a(n) — c(n). In the Hawk-Dove game of 
Fig. 56. the next-largest eigenvalue is bc, so b(n) — d(n)will remain 
positive. But since a2 is the largest non-unit eigenvalue, a(n) — c(n) 
will become positive (when n = 615. from numerical solution) and 
eventually will become much larger than b(n) — d(n). 
Another way to view the results presented in Figs. 3-5 is in 
terms of * rather than a(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n). Fig. 6 shows this 
for the examples of Fig. 4. Now the overall shape of * can be seen 
as it moves from ri = 1, where it is a Prisoner's Dilemma identical 
to what is depicted in Fig. ID. to ri = 60, where it is a Harmony 
Game. In both panels, the thick contour line traces z = 0. showing 
the polymorphic equilibrium in Eq. (2) when it exists. In Fig. 6A, 
this equilibrium enters at x = 0 and exits at x = 1. In between, 
the shape of z is like that of Fig. 1F, namely similar to the Hawk-
Dove game in which A is favored when rare and disfavored when 
common. In Fig. 6B, the equilibrium enters at x = 1 and exits at 
x = 0. Here the shape of z for intermediate n is like that of Fig. IE. 
namely similar to the Stag Hunt in which A is disfavored when 
rare and favored when common. Note that although a(n) — c(n) 
and b(n) — d(n) vary non-monotonically in these cases (Fig. 4), the 
equilibrium A is monotonic inn. 
Fig. 7 shows how the shape of * changes as the number of 
iterations increases for the Stag Hunt and the Hawk-Dove game 
depicted in Fig. 5. Note that to aid in visualizing these surfaces. 
the viewpoints are different in the two panels and the ranges of 
n are different than in Fig. 5. As with the Prisoner's Dilemmas in 
Figs. 3 and 6, these are both cases in which a2 is the largest non-
unit eigenvalue. Following the discussion of Fig. 5, although the 
polymorphic equilibria traced by the thick contour lines are still 
in the picture for the largest values of ri in Fig. 7, in both cases A 
will become favored if n is large enough. In the Stag Hunt of Fig. 7A 
or 5A, ic 
as ri 
co. In the Hawk-Dove game of Fig. 76 or 5B. it 
will exit the biologically relevant interval and become larger than 
one when a(n) — c(n) first becomes positive, when n = 615. 
12. Games which preserve noncooperative behaviors 
Here we consider the case that the game enhances survival 
significantly and it is AB that fares best. Thus. bc is the largest non-
unit eigenvalue. Table 2 shows that this will occur most readily 
when the single-step game is a Hawk-Dove game. It might also 
occur for Prisoner's-Dilemma type games, but only if the canonical 
assumption a > (b t c)/2 is violated. It will not occur when the 
single-step game is a Stag Hunt. Here, again, we assume that having 
a partner significantly enhances survival, so bc > a0, do. 
There are two terms in Eqs. ( 19) through (22) which include the 
factor (bc)". They are in the expressions for b(n) and c(n). For very 
large n we have 
c —  
a(n)— c(n) 
do 
—Cory — 
bc — do 
— 
b(n)— d(n) 
(bc)" bcb —ao 
> 0. 
ao 
Thus, survival games of this sort either stay or become Hawk-Dove 
games as n increases. In addition. a(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) will 
be of the same order of magnitude as n tends to infinity. In the 
previous section. where AA survived best, increasing ri converted 
single-step Prisoner's Dilemmas. Stag Hunts and some Hawk-
Dove games into progressively more relaxed cooperative dilemmas 
until, eventually, A became favored. Here. Eqs. (34) and (35) show 
(34) 
(35) 
EFTA00810750
--- PAGE 10 ---
J. Wakeley and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-55 
A 
B 
0.015 
0.01 
0.005 
5( 
0. 
-0.005 
1. 
Fig. 7. Plots of* for the models in Fig. 5. For the n = 1, Stag Hunt in panel A: a = 0.99, b = 0.94.c = d = 0.97 and no = do = 0.9. For the n = 1. Hawk-Dove game in panel 
B: a = 0.97, b = 0.95, c = 0.99, d = 0.94 and ao = do = 0.9. In both panels, the thick contour line is drawn at i = 0, which corresponds to the polymorphic equilibrium it 
of Eq. (2) for each value of n. Note that the viewpoints and the ranges °Info; the two panels are different. 
A 
a 
0.4 
0.2 
0. 
-0.4 
100 
Number of Iterations, n 
120 
B 
1. 
Hg. B. Hawk-Dove type game in which be is the largest eigenvalue: payoffs a = 0.95, b = 0.97.c = 0.99, d = 0.94 and ao = do = 0.9. The thick contour line in B shows 
k = 0, which stabilizes to ilk = 0.5625 as n increases. 
that single-iteration Hawk-Dove games in which AB survives best 
are robust to such alteration. Eqs. (34) and (35) also show that if 
a survival game is a non-canonical Prisoner's Dilemma at n = 1, 
such that bc rather than a is largest non-unit eigenvalue, the 
n-step game will eventually become a Hawk-Dove game rather 
than a Harmony Game. 
When bc is the largest non-unit eigenvalue, the large-n approx-
imation for the change in frequency is 
is Az x(1 — x)(bc)" (— c — do x+ b 
—ao (1 x)). 
(36) 
be —do 
bc — ao 
We deduce that, for large n, is > 0 if x < it& and it <Olin. icon
where 
itbr = (b — ao)/(bc — ao) + (c — do)/(bc — do) 
This frequency cutoff may be interpreted as the probability, when n 
is large, that if AB plays the game and only one individual survives. 
it is the A individual. For reference, if a0 and d0 are both very small. 
then Eq. (37) reduces to b/(b + c). If the population frequency of 
A is smaller than this probability in Eq. (37), then A is favored. 
otherwise it is disfavored. This cutoff is of course equal to the 
limiting (ri 
oo) value of Eq. (2) when bc is the largest non-unit 
eigenvalue, which is stable in this case. 
Fig. 8 depicts both how a(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) change and 
how ic changes as n increases fora Hawk-Dove example in this case. 
It may be more easily seen in Fig. 8B that this example remains 
a Hawk-Dove game with a stable polymorphic equilibrium (the 
(b — 00)/(bc — Go) 
(37) 
thick contour line) as n increases, even as the game first intensifies 
for intermediate n then approaches neutrality for large n. 
13. Games ruled by loner survivability 
In both of the previous sections. it was assumed that having 
a partner provided a substantial boost to survival. In this section 
and the next, we consider cases in which having a partner does 
not enhance survival. If either a lone A or a lone B has the highest 
probability of surviving each iteration of the game, then either a0
or do is the largest non-unit eigenvalue. Two terms in Eqs. (19) 
through (22) include the factor ag—they are in the expressions 
for a(n) and b(n)—and two terms include the factor dg—they are 
in the expressions for c(n) and d(n). If ao is the largest non-unit 
eigenvalue, then for very large n we have 
a 
a(n) — c(n)-- ao 0(1 
) > 0 
(38) 
— 02
b(1 — c) 
b(n)— d(n)-- ao 
 > 0 
(39) 
a0 —bc 
and if do is the largest non-unit eigenvalue, we have 
a(n) — c(n) 
cr c(1 — b) 
° 
<
do — be
 ° 
(40) 
b(n)— d(n)-- d"nd(1 — d) 
— 
e0. 
(41) 
., do _ d2 
Thus. if single individuals of one type have a higher probability 
of survival than single individuals of the other type and than any 
EFTA00810751
--- PAGE 11 ---
J. Wake! ey and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-55 
A 
0.12 HO 
S 
0.09 
C 
a 
-0.03 
0.06 
0.03 
0. 
SH 
PD 
• a(n)-c(n) 
b(n)-d(n) 
Number of Iterations. n 
B 
Payoff Difference 
0.025 
0. 
-0.025 
-0.05 
-0.075 
-OA 
Number of Iterations, n 
flg.9. Values of o(n) — c(n) and b(n) — d(n) as n increases for two games which begin as a Harmony Came and as a Hawk-Dove game at n= 1. Panel A: a= 0.8, b= 0.5, 
c= 0.7, cl= 0.4 and ao =do = 0.9. Panel B: Hawk-Dove a = 0.93.6 = 0.91.c = 0.954 = 0.90 and ao = = 0.95. 
pair of individuals, that type will become favored in the population 
as the number of iterations grows, regardless of the structure of 
pairwise interactions in the single-step game. The corresponding 
approximations for k can be inferred from Eqs. (38) through (41). 
3.4. Games with a pairwise survival deficit 
A related but probably more interesting case is when single 
individuals have higher survival probabilities than any pair of 
individuals but the loner survival probabilities are identical. Then 
having a partner does not enhance survival but the two-player 
game may still provide an advantage to one strategy or the other. 
In this case ao = do is the largest non-unit eigenvalue. When n is 
very large, using Eqs. (23) and (24) and substituting ao for 4, we 
have 
a(n) - c(n) 
[ a(1 - a) 
c(1 — b)] 
(42) 
at, 
ao _ bc
b(n) —
d(n) 
[— 
ao — be 
ao — d2
b(1 — c) 
d(1 — d)i •
Whether these differences are greater or less than zero will depend 
on which of the two terms in the bra kets is larger in absolute 
value. This situation, in which the game is played starting in the 
pair state with a survival deficit, is similar in spirit to the way the 
Prisoner's Dilemma was originally formulated, with two individu-
als in custody, each wanting to get out. Here, as in Section 3.3, we 
do not show the corresponding result for k, which can be inferred 
from Eqs. (42) and (43). 
Consider the case of a strong deficit, specifically with ao = do 
not too small and all of a, b, c and d close to zero. Then, neglecting 
terms of a2, be and d2 which will be even smaller, Eqs. (42) and (43) 
become 
a(n) — c(n) 
-1(a — 
b(n)— 
(12 — 6). 
Thus, with a strong deficit, the results for large n will beof the same 
type as the results for n = 1. 
When the deficit is milder, no simple approximations for Eqs. 
(42) and (43) are available, but numerical analysis shows that the 
conclusions of Section 3.1 can be reversed. Fig. 9 shows two exam-
ples of how a(n) - c(n) and b(n) - d(n) may change as n increases, 
converting a single-step Harmony Came and a single-step Hawk-
Dove game into Prisoner's Dilemmas. In both examples, ao = 4 
is the largest non-unit eigenvalue. In Fig. 9A, the game becomes a 
Stag Hunt for intermediate values of min Fig. 9B. the game changes 
directly from a Hawk-Dove game into a Prisoner's Dilemma as 
n increases. Thus, when having a partner does not significantly 
(43) 
(44) 
(45) 
enhance survival but does cause payoff differences - and is the 
only source of these differences - there is no expectation that the 
prospects for cooperation will improve as the number of iterations 
increases. These cooperative dilemmas may intensify rather than 
becoming more relaxed. 
Evolutionary dynamics in a finite population 
All populations are finite, so changes in the frequency of A will 
be stochastic rather than deterministic. Here we describe these 
changes for a particular population model and check the validity 
of our previous conclusions based on the deterministic predictions 
for k (or .dx). In a finite population, xis discrete, not continuous. If 
N is the population size and K is the number of A individuals. then 
K E (0, 1 
N - 1, N) and x E (0, 1/N 
(N - 1)/N, 1).We 
study the process of jumps in K orx when both death and reproduc-
tion are stochastic. We continue to assume that the survival game 
is the only source of fitness differences and that the population is 
well-mixed in the sense that partners are chosen at random. 
Due to the relative simplicity of its transitions and the ease 
with which the survival game may be embedded within it, we 
base our model on the haploid population-genetic model of Moran 
(1958).The standard version of the Moran model pairs single births 
and deaths such that the population size remains constant. In the 
absence of selection, each individual has probability 1/N of being 
chosen to reproduce in a given time step, and a I/N chance to 
die. The individual chosen to reproduce makes an offspring which 
replaces the individual chosen to die. When selection is included. 
it usually acts by modifying the probability an individual is chosen. 
now based on its fitness, either to reproduce or to die. 
We. instead, consider a model in which two randomly chosen 
individuals play the survival game. Players are chosen without 
replacement from the population. This precludes self-interaction. 
which is appropriate because we wish to model two individuals 
being sequestered from the rest of the population for a period 
of time. When the n iterations of the game are finished. both 
individuals may be alive, one may be alive or both may be dead. 
This is the only source of death in the population and the only 
place in the life cycle where selection acts. In each time step, these 
0, 1 or 2 deaths are compensated by the same number of births. 
All individuals have an equal chance to reproduce, including the 
two who play the game. Thus, parents are sampled at random with 
replacement from the population. Finally, offspring inherit their 
parent's type without modification, i.e. there is no mutation. 
Let K be the current number of A individuals. After one time 
step, the number is K', which will differ from K by at most 2 and 
is bounded by 0 and N. The numbers of A individuals in a series 
of time steps forms a Markov chain with an (N + 1) x 
+ 1), 
EFTA00810752
--- PAGE 12 ---
J. Wakeley and M. Nowakl Theoretical Population Biology ITS (2019)38-55 
pentadiagonal transition probability matrix. Because there is no 
mutation. the states K = 0 and K = N are absorbing.The transition 
probabilities are computed as products of three terms: one for the 
sampling of a pair of individuals to play the game, one for the 
outcome of the game and one for the sampling of parents. In all, 
we have 
N—KN—K—I 
K K 
PK.K 
— 
N — 1 Prob(BB 
0)N
— N 
N—KN—K-1 
PK.K-E1 — 
N — 1 
K 
— 
x [Prob(BB 
B)  + Prob(BB 
0)2N — Ki 
-I- 2N N — I 
K K 
x [Prob(AB 
A)— + Prob(AB —t• 
0)—N N 
— 
(47) 
K N — K 
(46) 
K N — K 
PICK 
— 2 N N — 1 
— 
— 
x [Prob(AB 
B)N — K 
Prob(AB -o 0)N N K 
N K]
- 
— 
K K - 1 
+ NM - 1 
x [Prob(AA 
A)-N
 K + Prob(AA 
0)2-
K NKi 
(48) 
-
- 
PICK-2 =N N - I 
— 
Prout.AA -0 0)NNKNNK 
(49) 
PX.K = I - PK .X+2 
PX 
- PK .K -1 — PK .K -2- 
(50) 
Although this process is not as simple as the standard Moran 
process, for which a number of exact results are available (Moran, 
1962), as a pentadiagonal matrix it may still be amenable to study. 
Following our previous analysis ofic, we focus on the change in the 
number of cooperators, AK = K' - K. in particular on the sign and 
magnitude of ElidiK) which measures the direction and strength of 
selection. 
The expected value of AK is given by 
EIAKI =2PK.K+2 + Pg.g 
PX.K - I - 2PX.K -2- 
(51) 
Using Eqs. (46) through (50) and simplifying yields 
nAKI — 2K N — K 
ll
K — 1 
+ „ ‘ DI
 K 
d(n)N-K-1/ 
x (a(n)
c(n) 
DM 
— I 
N — 1
N-1
N —1 
(52) 
with a(n), b(n), c(n), d(n) as before in Eqs. (19) through (22). 
Because x = K/N, we also have Ekix] = EfAKI/N. Aside from 
the factor of 2, which arises because two individual are chosen to 
play the game and possibly die, Eq. (52) shows nearly the same 
dependence on a(n), b(n), c(n) and d(n) as the deterministic result 
for z in Eq. (I). We define the selection coefficient 
s(n; K) = °(n)N-1
 — 1 c(n)N—K 
+ bi)N — K 
N — I 
N — K —1 
d(n) 
(53) 
N — 1 ' 
which captures the dependence of E(AK] on a(n), b(n), c(n) and 
d(n) in its entirety. Of course, the sign of s(n; K) determines the 
sign of El AK and E(Ax]. 
Comparing s(n; K) in Eq. (53) to its deterministic counterpart in 
Eq. (I) reveals that when N is small or when K is small regardless 
of N the deterministic prediction is incorrect The error comes 
from overestimating the importance of AA and BB pairings in the 
infinite-population model by implicitly allowing self-interaction. 
Our aim here is to reassess the conclusions of the previous section 
in light of such differences and especially in light of the fact that 
A can be fixed or lost from a finite population regardless of the 
value of nein Criteria for A being favored in a finite population 
are generally based on the probability it reaches fixation starting 
at K = 1 versus the probability it is lost starting at K = N - 1 
(Nowak et al.. 2004; Lessard. 2005). If the probability of fixation of 
A is greater than the neutral probability I/N and the probability 
of loss is less than 1/N, we might conclude that A is favored. 
When selection is weak, a number of analytical results for fixation 
probabilities and times in evolutionary games are available (Wu 
et al.. 2010). Alternatively, in models with mutation the decision 
as to whether A is favored can be made by comparing the expected 
equilibrium frequency ofA under neutrality versus selection (Rous-
set and Billiard. 2000). When the mutation rate is small, these two 
approaches become identical. 
In Section 3, we used ic > 0 for all x E (0, I) as a criterion for A 
being unambiguously favored. The analogue here is Wiz] > 0 for 
all x E (I/N 
(N - 1)/N). We take this to be a more stringent 
criterion than the one based on fixation probabilities. However. 
from Eqs. (52) and (53), it is clear that even when AA survives best 
and a2 is the largest non-unit eigenvalue, it will not necessarily be 
true that 6[44> 0 for all x e (1/N 
(N -1)/N). In particular. 
for the two terminal frequencies, we have 
c(n)— d(n) 
s(n: K = 1) = b(n) — d(n) 
N — 1 
and 
s(n; K = N — 1) = a(n)— c(n) 
On) — fa)
N — 1 
When there is only a single A individual, the possible benefit of the 
AA pair is unrealized. At the other extreme. when there is only one 
B individual. it is the BB pair that does not matter. 
Therefore, even when a2 is the largest non-unit eigenvalue, it 
will always be possible to find a population size small enough that 
A remains disfavored even as n tends to infinity. In particular, if 
the population consists of just two individuals, there is only one 
polymorphic frequency, K = N - K = 1, and we have 
s(n; K = 1) = b(n) — c(n) if N = 2. 
(56) 
(54) 
(55) 
From Eqs. (20) and (21) we have 
boo 
coo = 
— ao
bb 
(bcy, 
b(1 — c),.„ 
c — do (bcy, 
ro 
ao - bc 
bc —do 
do 
c(1 — b)d,, 
— do — bc ° 
which will not in general be favorable to A. To illustrate, if we make 
the simplifying assumption that the loner fitnesses are the same 
(a0 = do), then Eq. (57) reduces to 
b(n)- c(n) = (b - c)(bcr - a" ° if ao = do. 
(58) 
bc — Co 
When n = 1, this is simply b - c. Then as n becomes large. 
regardless of which eigenvalue (bc or ao = do) is larger, the sign 
of b(n) - c(n) will be the same as the sign of b — c. One of the 
ways in which a game may be considered a cooperative dilemma 
is that b e c (Nowak, 2012). Note that b e c in all of our numerical 
examples. When N = 2, none of the conclusions about relaxed 
cooperative dilemmas based on z and increasing n will hold. Just 
the opposite: A will be disfavored. 
(57) 
EFTA00810753
--- PAGE 13 ---
SO 
J. Wakefey and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-55 
While there is no expectation that conclusions from an infinite-
population model will be accurate for small populations, we ex-
pect their heuristic value to hold for moderately large N. In what 
follows, we focus on N >> 1. We begin as before by noting that 
our finite-population model collapses to a neutral Moran model 
in the limit n 
co. although it would be one in which pairs of 
individuals rather than single individuals are chosen to die and to 
reproduce. Again, we answer the question aboutA being favored by 
studying the approach to this neutral limit In our finite-population 
model, this neutral limit is E[dx] = 0. Then if. for example. 
Wax] < 0 when n = 1 but the neutral limit E(Ax) = 0 
is approached from above, then there exists a value of n above 
which E[dx] > 0. We briefly reconsider each type of prolonged 
game. 
Case 1, reconsidered This is the case in which a2 is the largest non-
unit eigenvalue and cooperation is expected to prevail. The finite-
population result corresponding to Eq. (33) is 
a—ao K-1 
s(n; K) 
a--
a2 — ao N 1 
— 
> 0 for K = 2 
N - 1. 
(59) 
Thus, for n large enough. EWA > 0 for every frequency x = K/N 
except for one. We must investigate K = 1 because, for a given 
large value of n, even though a(n) may dominate all other terms 
when K = 2 
N — 1. it is only b(n), c(n) and d(n) that appear in 
s(n; K = 1) in Eq. (54). When n is large the sign and magnitude 
of s(n; K = 1) will be determined by the second largest non-
unit eigenvalue. We consider the same two possibilities as before. 
namely when either bc or d2 is next-largest eigenvalue, and we 
continue to assume that the loner survival probabilities, ao and do 
are small by comparison. 
If the next largest eigenvalue is bc, then for K
\
= 1 we have 
b — o 
so ; K = 1) 
a
(kr 
bc — Go 
N ,  1 bc — do 
(60)
For very small N it could be that Eq. (60) is negative, but it will 
be positive for any moderate to large N, making E[dx] > 0 for 
x= 1/N. Combining this with Eq. (59), we conclude that here, with 
a2 > bc > d2 
do, if n is large enough, then Eldx] > 0 for all 
K = 1 
N - 1. Previous Figs. 3 and 4 are examples of this case 
in which A becomes unambiguously favored. 
If the second-largest non-unit eigenvalue is '12, we have 
d — do N — 2 
s(n; K = 1) 
—a- c
ici 6
<0, 
(61) 
and EkIxi < 0 when x = 1/N. But. again, for large n it will 
also be true that d2" <C al", so the magnitude of the selection 
coefficient against A when K = 1 will be small compared to 
selection coefficients in favor of A for every other value of K. We 
state without proof that in this case, if n is large enough, the 
probability of fixation of A starting from a single copy should be 
greater than the neutral probability I/N, and the probability of 
loss of A starting from N — 1 copies should be less than I/N. 
We conclude that A should be considered favored in this case as 
well. 
Situations in which one of the loner survival probabilities. ao or 
do, is the second largest eigenvalue can be treated similarly. We 
do not pursue this in detail, but in Case III below we consider the 
possibility that one of these is the largest non-unit eigenvalue, and 
from that we can infer that nothing beyond the two possibilities 
above for s(n: K = 1) will arise. That is. as n grows. s(n; K = I) will 
be either positive or negative but will be very small compared to 
s(n; K) which is positive for K = 2 
N- 1.Thus, the conclusion 
that A becomes favored when a2 is the largest non-unit eigenvalue 
still holds. 
Case II, reconsidered. This is the case in which bc is the largest non-
unit eigenvalue and the game tends to preserve the less coopera-
tive strategy. The finite-population result corresponding to Eq. (36) 
is 
so; ic) 
I
c — do 
K 
b — ao 
— K 1 ocr
bc — do N — 1 
bc — ao N - 1
for all K = I 
N - 1. 
(62) 
Thus, the terminal frequencies x = 1/N and x = 1 — I/N 
do not require a separate treatment as they did under Case I. 
Here, just as in the infinite-population model, increasing n will not 
fundamentally alter the game. Selection pressure will tend to keep 
both A and B in the population. 
Case Bl, reconsidered. This is the case in which ao or do is the largest 
non-unit eigenvalue. For these games ruled by loner survivability, 
we have 
/a(I —a)K — 1 
b(I — c)D1 —K\ 
s(n; K) 
bc 
>0 
for all K = I, 
N - I 
if ao is the largest non-unit eigenvalue, and 
s(n; K) s 
(63) 
(c(1 — b) K 
d(1 — d)N — K — 1 
< 
— brig — I 
— d2 
N-1 
for all K = 1 
N - 1 
(64) 
if do is the largest non-unit eigenvalue. The conclusions are un-
changed in the modified Moran model relative to the infinite-
population model. Whichever type survives best alone becomes 
favored when n is large. 
Case IV, reconsidered. This is the case in which ao = do is the 
largest non-unit eigenvalue. For these games with a pairwise sur-
vival deficit we have 
ta(I — a) K — 1 
c(1 — b) K 
An; K)
— a2 N — 1 
ao - bc 
— 1 
b(1—c)N —K 
d(1 — d)N —K — 1\ 4
ao — bc N — 1 
ao — d2 
N — 1 ) 
in general, and 
(65) 
An; K) 
(alC — 1 
N — K 
dN — K — 1) 
ao I 
N-1 
cN-1 + bN— 1 
N — I 
(66) 
when the deficit is strong. If K = 1, the first terms in the paren-
theses in Eqs. (65) and (66) disappear, making A worse off when it 
is very rare. because those terms are positive. When K = N - I, 
the last terms in the parentheses in Eqs. (65) and (66) disappear, 
making A better off when B is very rare, because those terms are 
negative. It is not expected that this will improve the already dim 
prospects for the evolution of cooperative behaviors in this case in 
which there is no survival advantage to having a partner. 
S. Discussion 
We have proposed a simple but general, biologically motivated 
survival game. It is a repeated game which always starts with a 
pair of individuals and includes a fixed number of iterations. Prob-
abilities of survival are its expected payoffs. We have assumed that 
multi-step survival is a Markov process, which has consequences 
such as that the game may change stochastically to a loner game 
against Nature if one's partner dies and that all payoffs tend to 
EFTA00810754
--- PAGE 14 ---
J. Wakefey and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-SS 
SI 
zero as the number of iterations tends to infinity. Results provid-
ing some insight into the evolution of cooperation are obtained 
when the number of iterations is large, including the conversion 
of cooperative dilemmas into situations in which cooperation is 
unambiguously favored. 
Survival is an appropriate, direct measure of payoff (or utility) 
in evolution. Our analysis is similar to the analysis of diploid 
population-genetic models in that we have described interactions 
between individuals only in terms of fitness. What we have called 
strategies correspond to the alleles in a diploid population-genetic 
model. We have assumed that individuals' strategies are fixed. 
meaning the same in every step of the game. For this sort of 
survival game, our results are general. They hold for any pattern 
of payoffs in the single-step matrix in Eq. (3). They can be applied 
to any biological, behavioral or ecological model for which the 
assumption of Markov survival is reasonable. They need not be 
pure strategies, for example. They could be mixed, as in Garay 
(2009), so long as they are the same in every step. 
Our Markov assumption is twofold: ( i) when an individual has a 
partner, its single-step survival probability depends on its strategy 
and on its partner's strategy, and (ii) when an individual is alone. 
its single-step survival probability depends on its strategy. An 
individual's multi-step survival probability is the product of its 
single-step survival probabilities given its situation in each step. 
The model of repeated predator attacks in Garay (2009) is precisely 
such a Markov survival model. In constructing the matrix in Eq. (3), 
we have further assumed (iii) that conditional on both of their 
strategies, which determine their individual survival probabilities. 
the two members of a pair survive each step independently of 
one another. If synergistic effects of partnership (Hauert et al.. 
2006; Kun et al., 2006) are defined as non-multiplicative, then 
assumption (iii) precludes synergy within a single step in our 
model. Any synergies in an n-step game result from the Markov 
process of survival for a given set of parameters (a, b, c, d, ao. do). 
We began with the motivation of Kropotkin (1902), whose 
work focused on vertebrates, but we note here that our model 
is not designed with any particular species in mind. None of our 
results rely on individuals possessing the intelligence or decision-
making capability of vertebrates. It could be argued that many 
fundamental steps in the evolution of cooperation happened long 
before, perhaps many hundreds of millions of years before this 
kind of intelligence. The iterated survival game described in Sec-
tion 2 may be applied in a variety of settings, but the evolutionary 
models of Sections 3 and 4 may be better suited to populations 
of single-celled organisms than complicated metazoans, because 
they assume haploid genetic transmission and individuals with 
fixed strategies. 
Kropotkin inferred a connection between cooperation and sur-
vival under adverse conditions, and our work draws a distinc-
tion between games in which partnerships enhance survival and 
those in which having a partner is a liability. If there is a fitness 
advantage of having a partner, then less-cooperative behaviors 
which are advantageous in each single step of a game may become 
disadvantageous as the number of iterations increases. This can be 
true even if cooperative behaviors are strongly disfavored in the 
single-step game, as in the Prisoner's Dilemma (e.g. Fig. 3A). But 
if partnerships do not significantly enhance survival, the opposite 
may occur. In this case, even cooperative behaviors which are 
favored in the single-step game can become disfavored as the 
number of iterations increases (e.g. Fig. 9A). 
We close with a discussion of two examples which illustrate 
the effects of enhanced survival. We have identified two kinds 
of enhanced survival: for individuals and for pairs of individuals. 
These different boosts to survival are captured by the individual-
survival increments of Eqs. (25) and (26), and by the presence of 
the pair-state eigenvalues of the Markov process in these same 
Table 3 
Two models in which individuals of type A and B have the same single-step 
probability of survival given the type of their partner, but in which the survival 
probability of any individual depends on the partner's type. The format is as in 
Table I but with an additional column for the case in which an individual no longer 
has a partner. In the first model having a partner of type A boosts the probability of 
survival of both types of individuals by an amount t above background (do). In the 
second model having a partner of type B lowers the probability of survival of both 
types of individuals by an amount e. 
Equal-payoff model with A-partner increment: 
A 
B 
No partner 
A 
a = do + e 
b = do 
ao =4 
B 
e=do+e 
d = do 
do 
Equal-payoff model with 8-partner decrement: 
A 
B 
No partner 
A 
a=do 
= do — • 
ao = do
B 
c = do 
d = 4 — • 
.4 
equations and their equivalents, Eqs. (23) and (24). Pairwise sur-
vival probabilities are crucial to understanding the structures of 
prolonged (large-n) games. which depend strongly on the largest 
non-unit eigenvalue of the Markov survival process. 
In the first example, having a partner of one particular strategy 
either increases or decreases the survival probability of the indi-
vidual. but by an amount which does not depend on the strategy of 
the individual. We consider the two possibilities shown in Table 3. 
that either having an A partner increases survival or having a B 
partner decreases survival. In both cases, the change in survival 
(+4 or -6) is the same for A individuals and B individuals. All other 
survival probabilities are equal to a baseline, do. Thus a — c = 0 
and b — d = 0. The single-step game is neutral. Fig. 10 shows how 
a(n)— c(n)and b(n)— d(n)depend on n when do = 0.5 ande = 0.1. 
In this case, ao = 4 is the largest non-unit eigenvalue. In Fig. 10k 
a(n)— c(n) > 0 for n ≥ 2 while b(n)— d(n) = 0 for all n. In Fig. 10B. 
a(n) — c(n) = 0 for all n while b(n) — d(n) e 0 for n > 2. These 
results may be understood with reference to Eqs. (25) and (26). 
with ao = do. In the case of Fig. 10A, a — ao = c — do = f but, owing 
to the eigenvalues, the positive increment a — 4 is weighed more 
heavily than the negative increment c — 4 when n > 2. so Eq. (25) 
gives a(n) — c(n) > 0 for n > 2. Eq. (26) gives b(n) — b(n) = 0 
because b — ao = d — 4 = 0. Analogous arguments explain 
the case of Fig. 10B. In sum, the more-cooperative A is favored if it 
unilaterally increases the survival of its partner (Fig. 10A) and the 
less-cooperative B is favored if it unilaterally decreases the survival 
of its partner (Fig. 10B). 
For the second example, we design an iterated survival game 
which expresses key ideas behind Model 2 of De Jaegher and Hoyer 
(2016) directly in terms of survival. Again, this is a model of a 
number of attacks on a pair of individuals. The individuals are 
identical in most respects. There is a public good which benefits all 
individuals equally, if it is preserved against attack. Each individual 
also has a private good which may impart a by-product benefit on 
its partner, again if it is preserved against attack The difference is 
that cooperators (A) pay a cost and are immune to attacks whereas 
defectors (B) pay no cost and are susceptible to attacks. Thus, 
defectors may benefit when they are paired with cooperators. 
This is not a survival game because individuals do not die in the 
attacks. It is Markovian only in that each attack hits one member 
of the pair randomly with probability 1/2. Nonetheless. this behav-
ioral and ecological model has roughly similar outcomes to those 
we have described here. when n corresponds to the number of 
attacks. 
Consider a survival game in which the probability an individual 
survives each attack. or iteration. depends on its type and its 
EFTA00810755
--- PAGE 15 ---
J. Wakeley and M. Nowak/ Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-55 
A 
0.008 
0.004 
-0.004 
a. 
-0.008 
Number of Iterations, n 
B 
Payoff Difference 
0.008 
004 
-0 004 
-0.008 
• a(n)-c(n) 
a b(n)-d(n) 
Number of Iterations, n 
Fly 10. Values of the two key differences, a(n)- c(n)and LIN - d(n). as a function of the number of iterations. for the two versions of the equal-payoff model depicted in 
Table 3, with baseline survival probability do = 0.5 and increment/decrement t = 0.1. Panel A: a = 0.6, b = OS, r = 0.6, d = OS. Panel B: a = 0.5, b = 0.4. r = 0.5, 
d= 0.4. Both panels: ao = do = 0.5. 
partner's type as follows. 
A with A: 
A with B: 
B with A: 
B with B: 
A alone: 
b= do 
g - u 
c= do -Fg-l-u 
d=d o tg 
ao = d,3 — u 
B alone: do 
PD 
SH
HG 
(67) 
0. 
(68) 
I 
-0.01 
(69) 
co 
-0.02 
aa
pie 
• a(n)-c(n) 
t 
-0.03 
• 
• 
• b(n)-d(n) 
(70) 
(71) 
0. -0.04 
• 
• 
ep .
-0.05 
(72) 
Here u is the cost of being a cooperator. v is the benefit an in-
dividual receives when its partner is a cooperator and g is the 
added benefit of simply having a partner. The parameters do and 
g might represent the private and public goods in De Jaegher and 
Hoyer (2016). The general versions of our model and Model 2 
of De Jaegher and Hoyer (2016) each have seven free parameters. 
whereas the model above has five. 
For this model a —c = b-d = -u < 0, so the cooperative type A 
is disfavored in the single-step game. In addition. ao —do = —u < 0 
which suggests that the cooperative type A might be disfavored for 
larger n. However, considering the terms in Eqs. (25) and (26) we 
havea—ao =c
—do =g+v> 
andb—ao =d - do = 
g > 0. If a2 is the largest non-unit eigenvalue then a(n) — c(n) will 
eventually become positive, and if bc is the next-largest eigenvalue 
then b(n) - d(n) will also eventually become positive. 
A strong criterion for partnerships enhancing survival would be 
that a2, bc and d2 are all greater than do. A weak criterion would 
be that only a2 > do. If we adopt the strong criterion and further 
assume that a2. bc > d2. then the game would enhance survival if 
d2 > do. This implies that 
g> Vito - do. 
(73) 
We have assumed throughout that a, b,c and dare all less than one. 
so it must also be true that 
g < 1 — do — u. 
(74) 
For the sake of illustration, set g equal to the midpoint between 
these two extremes, so that g = (1 + 
— u)/2 — do. Assume 
further that v > u, which means that the single-step game is a 
Prisoner's Dilemma. Using the particular values do = 0.8. u = 0.02 
and v = 0.03 gives the survival game shown in Table 4. 
One would not immediately guess that the more cooperative 
type A would ever be favored in such a game. But as Fig. 11 
illustrates, this does become true as the number of attacks in-
creases. For n > 32 both a(n) — c(n) and b(n) - d(n) are greater 
than zero, though clearly the prolonged game yields rather weak 
selection in this particular example. Note that we have not granted 
A any obvious advantage. As previously mentioned, cooperators 
Number of Iterations, n 
Fig. 11. Values of the two key differences, a(n)— c(n)and b(n) — d(n)as a function 
of the number of iterations. for the game with payoffs shown in Table 4. 
Table 4 
Numerical example of the model defined in Eqs. (67) through (72), assuming that 
do =0.8.0 = 0.02. = 0.03andwithg = (I + Nir o — O/2 — do x 0. B. 
A 
B 
No partner 
A 
a = 0.94 
= 0.91 
= 0.78 
c=0.96 
d=0.93 
do = 0.80 
are immune to attack in Model 2 of De Jaegher and Hoyer (2016). 
Here, instead, cooperation becomes favored as n increases due to 
the subtle advantages the more cooperative type A accrues because 
AA pairs survive best and AB second best among the three possible 
pairings, despite the direct disadvantage of A compared to B in AB 
pairs as well as in the loner state. 
Rather than considering that individuals might change their 
strategies between steps of the game in response to their part-
ners, we have focused on the evolution of hardwired, non-reactive 
strategies within populations. Among other results, we find the 
conditions under which cooperation will increase in frequency 
over time in both finite and infinite populations despite being 
disfavored in every step of the game. In the case of a finite pop-
ulation, this conclusion is based on a strong criterion for selective 
advantage, that the expected change in frequency of cooperation 
is positive over the entire range of possible frequencies. 
Acknowledgments 
We thank Sabin Lessard and two anonymous reviewers for 
comments which greatly improved the work We also thank Jo-
hannes Wirtz for posing a question which led to the model pre-
sented in Table 3 and Fig. 10. This work was supported in part by 
grants N00014-16-1-2914 from the US Office of Naval Research. 
EFTA00810756
--- PAGE 16 ---
J. Waketey and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-55 
55832 from the John Templeton Foundation and W911 NF-18-2-
0265 from the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency to 
Martin Nowak. 
Appendix 
Analysis of the Markov chain 
Corresponding to the matrix in Eq. (3), we define the stochastic 
matrix 
a2 0 0 2a(1 — a) 
be 0 a(1 — b) 
b(1 — a) (1 
( 1 — a? 
— a)(1 — b) 
M = 0 0 d2 
2d(1 — d) 
(1 — d)2
(75) 
0 0 
ao 
0 0 
0 0 
do 
1— ao 
1— do 
whose entries are the transition probabilities between the six 
possible states (M. AB, BB, A, B. 0). Thus, M describes a Markov 
process with a single absorbing state (0). When this is iterated n 
times, the probabilities of each of the six possible outcomes will be 
the entries of the n-step transition probability matrix Al". Because 
M is a triangular matrix, its eigenvalues are given by its diagonal 
elements. These are just the probabilities of remaining in each state 
over a single iteration. For reference, we reproduce Eq. (4) 
A= (l,a2 „bc.d2,a0. do) 
(76) 
and further note that 12, 13 and A4 are the probabilities that 
both individuals survive the iteration. Under the assumption that 
neither surviving nor perishing of individuals is guaranteed over a 
single iteration, which is to say 1 > a, b. c, d, ao. do > 0, xl = I is 
the largest eigenvalue and 1 > 12,13, 
13, A6 > 0. 
From the standard theory of finite Markov chains (cf. section 
2.12 in Ewens, 2004), if ri and fi are the corresponding right and 
left eigenvectors of M, normalized so that 
ErA=1, 
i -
for each i E (1. 2, 3, 4. 5, 6). then M" may be expressed in terms of 
its spectral decomposition 
(77) 
mn=EA.frilj 
(78) 
in which T denotes the transpose. With A defined as above, the 
corresponding right and left eigenvectors of the matrix M are 
= [1, 1. 1, 1, 1. lir 
(79) 
r2= [1, O. 0, 0, O. OIT 
(80) 
r3 = [0, 1. 0, 0, 0, Of 
(81) 
r4 = [0, O. 1, 0, 0, OIT
(82) 
2a(1 — a) b(1 — c) 0,1, 0. 0 
[
e 
(83) 
rs — 
—
'ap —bc . 
c(1 — b) 2d(1 — d) 
ro — 
[
0, I. (di.
(84) 
— be 
do 
d2
fl = o, O. 0, 0, O. 11T
(85) 
f2 = [1, 0,0, 2a(1 — a). 0, 1 
2a( I — a)
(86) 
ao _ 02 - 
an _ a2
b(1 — c) c(1 — b) 
b(1 — c) 
f3= [0, 1,0, 
c(1 — b)1T
be—ao '
 be —do '
be—ao
be —do ] 
87) 
2d( 1 — d) 
2d(1 — d)1T
I4 = [0, 0, 1, 0, 
— d2 , 1 
— d2 _I 
= 0,0,0,1,0,
1]T 
/6 = (0, 0, 0, 0, 1, —1jr. 
(88) 
(89) 
(90) 
In erms of the notation here, the probabilities in the main text 
are 
Prob(AA 
AA) = (M")11
(91) 
Prob(AB 
AB) = (M922 
(92) 
Prob(BB 
BB) = (M")33 
(93) 
Prob(AA 
A1= (M")14
(94) 
Prob(AB 
A) = (M")24 
(95) 
Prob(AB 
B) = (M"hs 
(96) 
Prob(BB 
B) = 
(97) 
Prob(AA —0. 0) = (M")16 
(98) 
Prob(AB 
0) = (M"126 
(99) 
Prob(BB 
0) = (Mn)34. 
(100) 
We can define the limiting matrix 
A4(' ) = lim Mn = rig 
(101) 
111-.DO 
which has all six rows equal to [0. 0, 0. 0. 0, 1] and thus captures 
the fact that absorption in state 0 is guaranteed, if n is large enough. 
regardless of the starting state. Then we may write 
M" =m(-)i-E4,17. 
i-2 
(102) 
Because 1 > Ai > 0 for i E (2, 3, 4, 5. 6). the eventual rate of 
decay toward AO') will be depend on which Ai is the leading non-
unit eigenvalue of M. This, in turn, will depend on the values of a, 
b, c, d, ao and do. If n is very large, the sum in Eq. (102) will become 
dominated by a single term, namely the one involving the largest 
non-unit eigenvalue. 
For example, if 12 = a2 is the largest eigenvalue and n is very 
large. 
Prob(AA 
M) = (M")11 x ay' 
Prob(AA —* A) = 04'114 — 2a(1 — )a2" 
(103) 
(104) 
a2 — ao 
a( 
2a21 — a)
Prob(AA 
0) = (ien16 
I 
a2" 
(105) 
ao 
Prob(AB 
0) = (M")26 as- 1 
(106) 
Prob(BB 
0) = (Ain)3o rr 1. 
(107) 
Then the effects of selection via the game reduce to 
a(n) — c(n)*.: a(n) = Prob(AA —. AA) 
Prob(AA 
A)/2 
a — ao 
(108) 
(109) 
a2n
a2 — ao
b(n)— d(n) 
O. 
Our general results, Eqs. (23) and (24), are written to facilitate the 
direct inference of such conclusions. 
Derivation oldie replicator equation 
We assume a well-mixed population of infinite size. Well-
mixed means specifically that initial partnerships in the game are 
formed at random in proportion to the current frequencies of A 
and B. The game is the only cause of death in the population 
EFTA00810757
--- PAGE 17 ---
J. Wakefey and M. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology 125 (2019)38-55 
and the only source of differences in fitness. Here we consider a 
continuous-time model. The replicator equation for the iterated 
survival game can be developed as follows. Changes in the frequen-
cies (x and y) of A and B are given by a pair of differential equations 
= —x2[2Prob(AA 
0) + Prob(AA 
A)] 
— 2xy[Prob(AB 
0) + Prob(AB 
B)] + xo 
(110) 
= —y2[2Prob(BB —* 0) Prob(BB 
B)] 
— 2xy[Prob(AB 
0) + Prob(AB 
A)] + yO 
(111) 
in which the factor of 2 inside the brackets in Eqs. (110) and (111) 
comes from the fact that both individuals die in the transition to 
state 0. Individuals perish in the game, which causes x and y to 
decrease. This is balanced by reproduction, by the positive terms 
xib and yO. As there are only two types, y = 1 - x. sox + y = 1 
and +j, = 0. Then using these to solve for ib and substituting into 
Eq. (110) gives 
=2x(1 — x)([Prob(AB 
0) + Prob(AB 
A) 
— Prob(AA 
0) — Prob(AA 
A)/2]x 
+ [Prob(BB 
0) + Prob(BB 
B)/2 
— Prob(AB 
0) — Prob(AB 
B)](1 — x)). 
(112) 
Note that pairs of terms in the brackets in Eq. (112) are related 
individual survival probabilities. For example, Prob(AB 
0) + 
Prob(AB —. A) = 1 — c(n). In addition, because the choice of 
time scale here is arbitrary, we may drop the leading factor of 2 
in Eq. (112). Making these changes yields 
if = 
- x)(fa(n)— c(n)ix + fb(n) — d(n)K1 — x)) 
(113) 
which is identical to Eq. (1) but now with payoffs from the n-step 
game. 
Classical population-genetic model 
The replicator equation is a model of instantaneous, infinitesi-
mal change in a population. Alternatively, we may follow the fates 
of pairs of individuals when generations are non-overlapping, as 
in classical models of diploid viability selection. The population 
is still assumed to be infinite but time is now measured in units 
of discrete generations. As a straightforward extension of classical 
models (Fisher. 1930; Haldane. 1932; Wright, 1931), we assume 
that the population is well-mixed and that at the start of each 
generation it is composed of pain AA, AB and BB in frequencies x2. 
2x(1 — x) and (1 — 4 2. The frequency of A is computed from the 
pair frequencies as 
x = s.2 + 2x(1 — x)-21 
because both members of AA are A but only one member of AB is A. 
We emphasize that the accounting is of pain. The total population 
is represented by 
+ 2x( 1 — x) + (1 — x)2 = 1. 
(115) 
After selection, which is to say after the game, the population is 
composed of some intact pain with type AA. AB or BB and some 
loners with type A or B. Their relative frequencies are 
AA : iProb(AA 
AA) 
AB : 2.2c(1 — x)Prob(AB 
AB) 
BB : (1 — x)2Prob(BB 
BB) 
A : x2Prob(AA 
A) + 2x(1 — x)Prob(AB 
A) 
B : 2x( 1 — x)Prob(AB 
B)i- (1 — x)2Prob(BB 
B). 
(114) 
Loners must receive half the weight of intact pain in this account-
ing. So. what remains of the total population is represented as 
x2(Prob(AA 
AA) + Prob(AA 
A)/2) 
+ 2x(1 — x)(Prob(AB —. AB) + Prob(AB 
A)/2 
+ Prob(AB 
B)/2) 
+ (1 — x)2(Prob(BB -* BB) 
Prob(BB 
B)/2). 
(121) 
By definition, this is equivalent to the average fitness of the popu-
lation. Using Eqs. (19) through (22), it may be written 
tip = x2a(n) + x(1 — x)13(n)+ x(1 — x)c(n)+ (1 — x)2d(n). 
(122) 
Note that is proportional to 4, in Eqs. (110) and (I11). Finally. 
accounting as in Eq. ( 114) for the fact that only one member of each 
intact AB pair is A and El in Eq. (122) for the average fitness, the 
frequency of A after the game is 
aC = (x2a(n) + x(1 — x)b(n))/Cb. 
(123) 
Then the change in the frequency of A over one generation, Ax = 
— x, is given by 
Ax =x(1 — x)((a(n)— c(n)fx + [b(n)— d(n)1(1 — x))/ii.• 
(124) 
which is presented in the main text as Eq. (27). 
References 
Axelrod. K.. 1954. the Evolution of Cooperation. Basic Books. New York. NY. Revised 
edition published in 2006. 
Cressman. R. 2005. Evolutionary Dynamics and Extensive Form Games. MIT Press. 
Cambridge. Massachusetts. 
De Jaegher. K.. 2017. Harsh environments and the evolution of multi-player coop-
eration. Theor. Popul. Biol. 113. 1-12. 
De Jaegher. K.. Moyer. 8..2016. By-product mutualism and the ambiguous effects of 
harsher environments - A game-theoretic model. J. Theoret. Biol. 393.82-97. 
Doebeli. M.. Haunt. C. 2005. Models of cooperation based on the Prisoners 
Dilemma and the Snowdrift game. Ecol. Lett. 8.748-766. 
Dunn. LC. 1953. Variations in the segregation ratio as causes of variations of gene 
frequency. Acta Genet. Statist. Med. 4. 139-147. 
Eshel. 
Shaked. A..2001. Partnership. J. Theoret. Biol. 208.457-474. 
Eshel. I.. Weinshall. D.. 1988. Cooperation in a repeated game with random payment 
function. J. Appl. Probab. 25.478-491. 
Ewer's. W.J.. 2004. Mathematical Population Genetics. Volume I: Theoretical Foun-
dations. Springer-Verlag. Berlin. 
Fisher. RA. 1930. The Genetical Theory of Natural Selection. Clarendon. Oxford. 
Garay. J.. 2009. Cooperation in defence against a predator. J. Theoret. BioL 257. 
45-51. 
Haldane. J.B. S., 1932. The Causes of Natural Selection. Longmans Green & Co.. 
London. 
Hamilton. W.D.. 1971. Geometry for the selfish herd. J.Theoret. Biol. 31.295-311. 
Harms. W.. 2001. Cooperative boundary populations: the evolution of cooperation 
on mortality risk gradients. J. Theoret. Biol. 213.299-313. 
Haul. D.L. 1974. Genetic dissection of segregation distortion. I. Suicide combina-
tions of 50 genes. Genetics 76. 477-486. 
Hauer. C.. Michor. F.. Nowak. M.. Doebeli. M.. 2006. Synergy and discounting in 
social dilemmas. J. Theoret. Biol. 76.477-486. 
Hofbauer.J..Schuster. P.. Sigmund. K.. 1979. A note on evolutionary stable strategies 
and game dynamics. J. Theoret. Biol. 81.609-612. 
Hofbauer. J.. Sigmund. K.. 1988. The Theory of Evolution and Dynamical Systems. 
Cambridge University Press. Cambridge UK. 
Hofbauer. J.. Sigmund. K.. 1998. Evolutionary Games and Population Dynamics. 
Cambridge University Press. Cambridge UK. 
Kropotkin. P.. 1902. Mutual Aid: A Factor of Evolution. Heinemann. London. 
Kun. A.. Boza. G..Scheuring. L.2006. Asynchronous snowdrift game with synergistic 
effect as a model of cooperation. Behay. Ecol. 17.642-650. 
Lessard. S.. 2005. Long-term stability from fixation probabilities in finite popula-
tions: New perspectives fro ESS theory. Theoret. Pop. Biol. 68. 19-27. 
Maynard Smith. J.. 1978. The evolution of behavior. Sci. Am. 239. 176-192. 
Maynard Smith. J.. Price. G.R.. 1973. The logic of animal conflict. Nature 246. 
15-18. 
Mesterton-Gibbons. M..2000. An Introduction to Came-Theoretic Modelling. Amer-
ican Mathematical Society. Providence. Rhode Island. 
Moran. PAP.. 1958. Random processes in genetics. Proc. Ca mb. Phil. Soc. 54, 
60-71. 
EFTA00810758
--- PAGE 18 ---
J. Wakeley and AI. Nowak/Theoretical Population Biology OS (2019)39-SS 
Moran. P.A.P.. 1962. Statistical Processes of Evolutionary Theory. Clarendon Press. 
Oxford. 
Nagylaki.T.. 1992. Introduction to 'Theoretical Population Genetics. Springer-Verlag. 
Berlin. 
Nowak. M.A. 2006a. Evolutionary Dynamics. Harvard University Press. Cambridge. 
Massachusetts. 
Nowak. MA. 2006b. Five rules for the evolution of cooperation. Science 314. 
1560-1563. 
Nowak. MA. 2012. Evolving cooperation. J. Theoret. Biol. 299. 1-8. 
Nowak. M.A.. Sasaki. A. Taylor. C.. Fudenberg. D.. 2004. Emergence of cooperation 
and evolutionary stability in finite populations. Nature 428.646-650. 
Nowak. MA. Sigmund. IC. 1993. A strategy of win-stay. lose-shift that outperforms 
tit for tat in the Prisoners Dilemma game. Nature 364. 56-58. 
Nowak. M.A. Sigmund. K.. 1998. Evolution of indirect reciprocity by image scoring. 
Nature 393.573-577. 
Osborne. M.J.. Rubinstein. A.. 1994. A Course in Game Theory. MIT Press. Cambridge. 
Massachusetts. 
Rapoport. A.. Chammah. A.M.. 1965. Prisoners Dilemma: A Study in Conflict and 
Cooperation. University of Michigan Press. Ann Arbor. Michigan. 
Roussel. F.. Billiard. S.. 2000. A theoretical basis for measures of kin selection in 
subdivided populations: finite populations and localized dispersal. J. Evol. Biol. 
13.814-825. 
Sandholm. W.H.. 2010. Population Games and Evolutionary Dynamics. MIT Press. 
Cambridge. Massachusetts. 
Sandler. L. Hiraizumi. Y.. 1960. Meiotic drive in natural populations of Drosophila 
melanogaster. V. On the nature of the SD region. Genetics 45. 1617-1689. 
Sandler. L. Novitsky, E.. 1957. Meiotic drive as an evolutionary force. Am. Nat. 91. 
105-110. 
Schecter. S.. Gintis. H.. 2016. Game Theory in Action: An Introduction to Classical 
and Evolutionary Models. Princeton University Press. Princeton. New Jersey. 
Schuster. P.. Sigmund. IC. 1983. Replicator dynamics. J. Theor. Biology 100.533-538. 
Slcyrms. B.. 2004. The Stag Hunt and Evolution of Social Structure. Cambridge 
University Press. Cambridge. UK. 
Smaldino. P.L.Schank.J.C.. McElreath. R..2013. Increased costs of cooperation help 
cooperators in the long run. Am. Nat. 181.451-463. 
Taylor. P.D.. Jon ker. L. 1978. Evolutionarily stable strategies and game dynamics. 
Math. Biosa. 40. 145-156. 
Trivers. R.L. 1971. The evolution of reciprocal altruism. Quart. Rev. Biol. 46. 
35-57. 
Tucker.A.. 1950.A tyro-person dilemma. In: Rasmussen. E. (Ed.). Readings in Games 
and Information. Blackwell. Oxford. pp. 7-8. 
Van Cleve. J.. Akcay.L 2014. Pathways to social evolution: reciprocity. relatedness. 
and synergy. Evolution 68.2245-2258. 
Wolfram Research. Inc.. 2018. Mathematica. Version 11.2. Champaign. IL 
Wright. S.. 1931. Evolution in Mendelian populations. Genetics 16.97-159. 
Wu. B.. Altrock. P.M.. Wang. L Traulsen. A.. 2010. Universality of weak selection. 
Physical Rev. E 82. 046106. 
Zeeman. E.C. 1980. Population dynamics from game theory. In: Nitecki. 2.. Robin-
son. R.0 (Eds.). Global Theory of Dynamical Systems. In: Lecture Notes in 
Mathematics. voL 819. Springer-Verlag. Berlin. pp. 471-497.(Proceedings of an 
International Conference Held at Northwestern University. Evanston. Illinois. 
June 18-22. 1979). 
EFTA00810759

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810760.pdf
----------------------------------------
Melanoma 
Research Alliance 
December 22, 2017 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 10021-4102 
Delivered via email: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
On behalf of the Melanoma Research Alliance (MRA), it is my pleasure to update you on the progress of 
Ian Watson, PhD, of McGill University, who is conducting research supported by you under his MRA 
Young Investigator Award, Identification of therapeutic strategies to target NF1 mutant melanomas. 
Dr. Watson and his research team made significant progress in the first year of his award, which 
supports research aimed at identifying melanoma treatments that are likely to work for the 15 percent 
of melanoma patients whose tumors contain mutations in the gene NFl. Normally, NF1 functions to 
suppress tumor growth. Some patients with NF1 mutations respond to the FDA-approved therapy 
veramafinib (Zelboraf), whereas others do not. To better understand and predict on a molecular level 
the response of melanoma patients whose tumors contain NF1 mutations to various treatments, Dr. 
Watson genetically analyzed 318 melanoma samples from such patients to determine common genetic 
changes in addition to the flawed NF1 gene. He then created cell and mouse models in which to assess 
the influence of these additional genetic changes common in melanomas with NF1 mutations, including 
how these additional mutations affect responses to approved targeted treatments. These studies are 
expected to suggest new treatments appropriate for this subtype of melanoma, including experimental 
therapies. Dr. Watson also assessed how the loss of NF1 affects the function of other proteins in tumor 
cells. This research found NF1 regulates molecules that affect how the immune system functions, 
including influencing the production of a molecule that is a major target in several approved immune 
"checkpoint inhibitor" therapies, such as pembrolizumab (Keytruda). Dr. Watson and his research team 
are currently collaborating with several oncologists, dermatology pathologists, and surgeons at McGill 
University Health Center and the Jewish General Hospital in Montreal to confirm whether genetic 
alterations in NF1 affect how melanoma patients respond to immune checkpoint treatments. 
Dr. Watson presented his team's findings at the 2017 Cancer Trials Group Annual Spring Meeting, at the 
Cancer Research Program Research Institute of the McGill University Health Center and at the Lady 
Davis Institute Seminar Series at Jewish General Hospital in Montreal. 
We appreciate your ongoing support of this promising Young Investigator Award and of the goal of the 
MRA to foster the next generation of melanoma research leaders. 
Sincerely, 
Michael Kaplan 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
The Melanoma Research Alliance Foundation is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. 
1101 New York Avenue, NW, Suite 620, Washington, DC 20005 
Telephone: 
www.curemelanoma.org 
EFTA00810760

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810761.pdf
----------------------------------------
• Settlements 
Taxability 
If you receive proceeds from settlement of a lawsuit, you may have questions about whether you must 
include the proceeds in your income. This publication provides information about whether you must include 
the proceeds of certain kinds of settlements in your income. Whether you must include the settlement 
proceeds in your income depends on all the facts and circumstances in your case. 
A settlement payment may consist of multiple elements that have been allocated by the parties. For 
example, an agreement may include allocations to back pay, emotional distress, and attorneys' fees. 
Generally, the IRS will not disturb an allocation if it is consistent with the substance of the settled claims. 
Personal physical injuries or physical sickness 
• If you receive a settlement for personal physical injuries or physical sickness and did not take an 
itemized deduction for medical expenses related to the injury or sickness in prior years, the full amount 
is non-taxable. Do not include the settlement proceeds in your income. 
BUT 
• If you receive a settlement for personal physical injuries or physical sickness, you must include in 
income that portion of the settlement that is for medical expenses you deducted in any prior year(s) to 
the extent the deduction(s) provided a tax benefit. If part of the proceeds is for medical expenses you 
paid in more than one year, you must allocate on a pro rata basis the part of the proceeds for medical 
expenses to each of the years you paid medical expenses. See Recoveries in Publication 525 for 
details on how to calculate the amount to report. The tax benefit amount should be reported as "Other 
Income" on line 21 of Form 1040. 
Emotional distress or mental anguish 
• The proceeds you receive for emotional distress or mental anguish originating from a personal physical 
injury or physical sickness are treated the same as proceeds received for Personal physical injuries or 
physical sickness above. 
BUT 
• If the proceeds you receive for emotional distress or mental anguish do not originate from a personal 
physical injury or physical sickness, you must include them in your income. However, the amount you 
must include is reduced by: (1) amounts paid for medical expenses attributable to emotional distress 
or mental anguish not previously deducted and (2) previously deducted medical expenses for such 
distress and anguish that did not provide a tax benefit. Attach to your return a statement showing 
the entire settlement amount less related medical costs not previously deducted and medical costs 
deducted for which there was no tax benefit. The net taxable amount should be reported as "Other 
Income" on line 21 of Form 1040. 
Publication 4345 (Rev. 12-2016) Catalog Number 38586D Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service www.irs.gov 
EFTA00810761
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Settlements 
Taxability (continued) 
Lost wages or lost profits 
• If you receive a settlement in an employment-related lawsuit; for example, for unlawful discrimination 
or involuntary termination, the portion of the proceeds that is for lost wages (i.e., severance pay, back 
pay, front pay) is taxable wages and subject to the social security wage base and social security and 
Medicare tax rates in effect in the year paid. These proceeds are subject to employment tax withholding 
by the payor and should be reported by you as 'Wages, salaries, tips, etc." on line 7 of Form 1040. 
• If you receive a settlement for lost profits from your trade or business, the portion of the proceeds 
attributable to the carrying on of your trade or business is net earnings subject to self-employment 
tax. These proceeds are taxable and should be included in your "Business income" reported on line 12 
of Form 1040. These proceeds are also included on line 2 of Schedule SE (Form 1040) when figuring 
self-employment tax. For more information about reporting self-employment income and paying self-
employment tax, see Publication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business (For Individuals Who Use Schedule 
C or C-EZ). 
Loss-in-value of property 
• Property settlements for loss in value of property that are less than the adjusted basis of your property are 
not taxable and generally do not need to be reported on your tax return. However, you must reduce your 
basis in the property by the amount of the settlement. 
• If the property settlement exceeds your adjusted basis in the property, the excess is income. For 
more information, see the Instructions for Schedule D, (Form 1040) Capital Gains and Losses and the 
Instructions for Form 4797, Sales of Business Property. 
Interest: Interest on any settlement is generally taxable as "Interest Income" and should be reported on line 
8a of Form 1040. 
Punitive Damages: Punitive damages are taxable and should be reported as "Other Income" on line 21 
of Form 1040, even if the punitive damages were received in a settlement for personal physical injuries or 
physical sickness. 
Some settlement recipients may need to make estimated tax payments if they expect their tax to be $1,000 or 
more after subtracting credits & withholding. Information on estimated taxes can be found in IRS Publication 
505, Tax Withholding and Estimated Tax, and in Form 1040-ES, Estimated Tax for Individuals. 
For additional information, see Publication 525, Taxable and Nontaxable Income, visit our website at www.irs. 
gov, or call toll-free at 1-800-829-1040. 
Important Note about Health Insurance Coverage. If you, your spouse, or your dependent enrolled 
in health insurance coverage through the Health Insurance Marketplace and advance payments of 
the premium tax credit were made to the insurance company, let the Marketplace know if you have 
a change in circumstances such as a taxable settlement resulting in an increase in your income. 
Reporting changes allows the Marketplace to adjust the amount of your advance credit payments, 
which helps prevent large differences between your advance credit payments and the premium tax 
credit you are allowed and, potentially, an increase in your tax liability. Find out more about the tax-
related provisions of the health care law at IRS.gov/aca. See IRS Publication 5121, Need help paying for 
health insurance premiums? and Publication 5152, Report changes to the Marketplace as they happen. 
All of the forms and publications referenced in this publication are available from the IRS at www.irs. 
gov. Paper copies can be ordered by calling 1-800-829-3676 (1-800-TAX-FORM). 
EFTA00810762

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810763.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 1194 
Filed 11/30/10 Page 1 of 2 
ORDERED/1k Sogdian District of Florida ea 
/1-.9e)-18
Raymond B. Ray, Judge 
United States Bankruptcy Cart 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Fort Lauderdale Division 
www sh.uscourts. go v 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-RBR 
CHAPTER I1 
AGREED ORDER CANCELLING HEARING ON MOTION 
FOR RELIEF FROM AMENDED ORDER (DE 1068) AND TO COMPEL JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN TO PAY FOR THE PRODUCTION OF ALL DOCUMENTS IN RESPONSE 
TO HIS REQUESTS FILED BY INTERESTED PARTY 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
The Motion for Relief From Amended Order (D.E. #1068) and to Compel Jeffrey Epstein 
to Pay for the Production of All Documents in Response to his Requests filed by Interested Party 
Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L ("Fanner"), was adequately resolved 
by agreement of the parties as follows. The law firm of Fowler White Burnett, P.A., will print a 
hard copy of all of the documents contained on the discs with Bates numbers added, and will 
provide a set of copied, stamped documents to the Special Master and an identical set to Farmer, 
EFTA00810763
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 1194 
Filed 11/30/10 
Page 2 of 2 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-RBR 
who will use same to create its privilege log. Farmer agrees to prepare that portion of the 
privilege log relating to emails on or before December 15, 2010, with the remaining portion due 
thirty days from the date of this order, subject to other court orders.Fowler White will not retain 
any copies of the documents contained on the discs provided to it, nor shall any images or copies 
of said documents be retained in the memory of Fowler White's copiers. 
Should it be 
determined that Fowler White or Epstein retained images or copies of the subject documents on 
its computer or otherwise, the Court retains jurisdiction to award sanctions in favor of Farmer, 
Brad Edwards or his client. 
As such, the Motion for Relief is deemed moot, and, the hearing set on the Motion for 
Relief [D.E. 1146] set for November 30, 2010 is hereby cancelled. The court reserves 
jurisdiction to tax fees and costs related to the preparation of the privilege log upon filing of a 
proper motion and hearing thereon. 
# 
# 
# 
Submitted by: 
Seth Lehrman, Esq. 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LE1IRMAN, P.L. 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tel.: 
Fax: 
Seth Lehrman, Esq. who is directed to serve this Order to all parties of interest and to file a 
Certificate of Service. 
EFTA00810764

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810765.pdf
----------------------------------------
Payroll, Calendar 
Week 1 
01/19/19 
Payroll 
In our finance meeting prior to 
departure, a discrepancy became evident between policy and 
practice on how crew time is clocked and paid. For example, the LSJE policy implies that employees 
retain exempt status. However, the practice is when employees work past 4pm they are paid by the hour 
for extra time worked, and if they work on a Saturday they are paid by the day according to each person's 
respective pay rate as long as they work four hours or more. They are not paid overtime for extra hours 
worked. 
Further, the policy does not address the status of LSJE contractors. The expectation I heard from Jeanne 
in our last finance meeting is that the time of contractors should be non-exempt, meaning their time 
should be tracked and paid by the hour. However, the practice has been similar to that of employees, in 
that if they work more than half a day, they are generally paid for the day; if they work beyond a full day, 
they are paid for those additional hours. They are not paid overtime for extra hours worked. 
Further, questions remain about the authority of the manager to implement a practice in good faith when 
the policy is unclear or absent of information. For example, if an employee has been given permission by 
JE to take a class, but the class requires him to leave one hour early on Wednesdays for six weeks, as an 
exempt employee he is not paid by the hour, but is salaried, and so should not be charged for loss of time 
at work. If the individual is an LSJE contractor (non-exempt), the question remains whether the manager 
could implement a compensatory arrangement, where the individual takes the time off on Wednesdays 
but makes up the time on Saturdays. 
We need a policy that leads to clear practice for all of us so we can all be on the same page./ would like 
to consult with Darren to propose revisions to the policy that will address these ayestionq I will 
collaborate with STC staff to ensure all questions are addressed and will implement with the crew upon 
CFO approval. 
In the Interim 
In light of the unexpected staffing transitions that have taken place over the last week mid pay cycle, I will 
be submitting payroll for this pay period consistent with the previous manager's practice and will continue 
to do so until clarifications are made and a better procedure is implemented. 
Calendar 
Proposal
In the event the determination is made what employees and/or contractors are non-exempt, and until a 
better solution is determined and implemented regarding stationary time clocks, I would like to make all 
captains (and the barge mate under the supervision of the captain) responsible for recording all persons 
coming and going on the island, including non-LSJE contractors. The captains will each be equipped with 
a cell-service enabled iPad (or cell phones with hot spots to enable the iPads which might make more 
sense). An icon will be placed on the home page directly linking the captains to a spreadsheet in Google 
does. This will enable all captains to work from the same live spreadsheet and the data will be real time. 
An "X" will be placed beneath the island upon which the individual is currently located. The captain will 
place "both" (or other notes as needed) indicating the individual worked on both islands that day. For 
example: 
Name 
Time In 
Time Out 
LSJ 
OSJ 
Notes 
Example 
Name 
7:00 AM 
4:00 PM X 
Both 
This will remedy he following issues: 
1. Safety. Conce ns of leaving crew behind as currently running two to three different boats rendering 
difficulties knowing whether we "have everyone." 
EFTA00810765
--- PAGE 2 ---
Payroll. Calendar 
Week 1 
01/19/19 
2. Security. Tracking all persons coming and going from the islands in the event something becomes 
broken or goes missing and questions need to be asked. 
3. Accountability. Employees and LSJE contractors paid true to hours worked. Non-LSJE contractors also 
accountable for true hours billed to LSJE. 
4. Documentation for other records. For example, if Reek.° has submitted a parking pass to LSJE for 
payment, Daphne can confirm Reefco's presence by checking the attendance log for that day as backup 
for the invoice. 
In addition to the attendance record, I would like to streamline communication and clean up the chaos of 
boat run schedules by adding a second icon to the home page that links to a shared Google Calendar. 
Randy and Patrick will work together to manage and work from this real time calendar. Crew will 
coordinate with captains directly for transport requests. Scheduled boat maintenance and repairs can be 
added to this calendar in addition to scheduled runs. Other persons coordinating site visits such as Mike, 
Daphne, Anna, Kyle can check the calendar and coordinate with existing runs so as to utilize the boats 
more efficiently and eliminate unnecessary wear on the boats and fuel expenses. Further, we can all be 
informed on who is coming and going and what projects are under way without having to send emails, 
texts, or make half a dozen phone calls. In summary, if used properly this could be a tool to help keep all 
of us informed and streamline a more efficient boat run process. 
I would like to work directly with Jermaine to set up and implement this system, and would like to provide 
a single training for all persons involved so practice is consistent and the method utilized to its fullest 
potential. Please note that initially I requested two iPads. However, until a new crew boat is secured, I 
believe we will need at least four — 1.) Patrick, 2.) Randy, 3.) Austin (barge mate), and 4.) one for 
or an assigned person such as Kyle, Dupson, or Sheridon to take record of ferry transport from 
AYH to LSJ dock in the mornings. 
EFTA00810766

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810767.pdf
----------------------------------------
HOMEWORK QUESTIONS DUE THURS OCT 11.th BY 6P 
1. READING ASSIGNMENT: In preparation for our first seminar on Oct I8th, please read 
"Neurophysiology and Neuroanatomy of Pitch Perception: Auditory Cortex" (posted under Week 2 in 
CCLE. 
2. Please visit the Auditory Neuroscience link at BrainMusic.org and review the Figures. 
3. In class, we discussed several concepts that form the foundation of modem scientific inquiry 
and guide experimental approaches to research on mind-brain correlates. Type the letter of the concept on 
the line preceding the corresponding paragraph. Use each letter once. (8 points) 
A. Verificationism 
B. Falsificationism 
C. Existence Proof 
D. Neuroanatomically-Dissociable Psychological Functions 
In class we listened to a show on Public Radio International about Case SC, a Tony 
Award-winning musical director who suffered damage the Orbitofrontal 
Gyri in the Left and Right Frontal Lobes due to a Stroke. Subsequently, he 
couldn't control his emotional and visceral responses to music, especially his 
lifelong favorites, like Puccini's Madame Butterfly. Case SC demonstrates that emotional 
and visceral responses to music can be heightened following lesions of the Left and 
Right Orbitofrontal Gyri. However, we don't know if that's true for most people, 
especially since Case SC had extraordinary talent in music. (2 points) 
Carl Wemicke was a 19th century German neurologist who published the first cases 
of what he termed "Cortical Deafness" and "Sensory Aphasia." The latter term is 
now often referred to as "Wemicke's Aphasia." In right-handed patient 
populations with acute Left Hemisphere strokes involving posterior Auditory 
Association Cortex, speech comprehension is severely impaired (Sensory 
Aphasia) but speech production is normal or mildly impaired. This 
observation suggests that speech comprehension and speech production are 
governed by different mental operations housed in different brain regions. (2 points) 
Introspection is not an acceptable scientific method for answering questions about 
how the brain perceives, performs, remembers, feels, and creates music. Nor are 
anecdotes an acceptable means of understanding the potential health benefits of 
"music therapy". One must formulate testable hypotheses whose truth value can 
be tested via well-controlled experiments. The Vienna Circle of Logical 
Empiricism (Moritz Schlick, Otto Neurath, Rudolph Catnap, and others), 
sometimes referred to as the "logical positivists," considered a proposition to be 
outside the realm of science if the truth value of the proposition could not be 
established by empirical observation. (2 points) 
We can't really prove any hypothesis is true beyond doubt using scientific methods. 
Karl Popper argued that science advances not by verifying whether hypotheses 
EFTA00810767
--- PAGE 2 ---
are true but by generating conjectures that withstand empirical refutation. In other words, 
what scientists can do empirically is exclude what is not true. By ruling out hypotheses 
using rigorous empirical methods, scientists can refute or refine a theory, even if they 
can't prove beyond a doubt the theory is true. Scientific theories advance and evolve over 
time by this process. (2 points) 
4. Experimental methods scientists use to study music cognition differ with respect to their 
spatial resolution (range = micrometers to centimeters) and temporal resolution (range = microseconds to 
two hours). (8 points) 
a. Rank the following methods from I through 4 with respect to their temporal resolution, 
where "1" corresponds to the method with the highest temporal resolution and "4" 
the lowest. 
functional magnetic resonance imaging (1 point) 
extracellular microelectrode recordings (I point) 
electroencephalography ( I point) 
positron emission tomography (I point) 
b. Rank the following methods from I through 4 with respect to their spatial resolution, 
where "1" corresponds to the method with the highest spatial resolution and "4" 
the lowest. 
functional magnetic resonance imaging (1 point) 
TI-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (I point) 
electroencephalography ( I point) 
positron emission tomography (I point) 
5. Match the Music-Related Function to its Anatomical Location (see the letter on the Lateral 
View of the Right Hemisphere below) and its corresponding Functional Subsystem of the 
Cerebral Cortex (see the corresponding Roman numeral in the list below the brain). Write the 
letter/numeral on the line following the description. Use each letter and numeral once. (16 
points) 
EFTA00810768
--- PAGE 3 ---
I. Modality-Specific System (Auditory) 
II. Modality-Specific System (Motor/Somatosensory) 
III. Modality-Specific System (Visual) 
IV. Supra-Modal System (Future-Supramodal Subsystem) 
Auditory Analysis & Representation (e.g., perception of melody, harmony, 
rhythm, timbre, voice): 
Corresponding Anatomical Structure: Letter =  
. (2 pts) 
Corresponding Functional Cortical Subsystem: Roman Numeral 
. (2 pts) 
Expectancy Generation, Violation, & Satisfaction (e.g., repetition, return, 
appoggiatura): 
Corresponding Anatomical Structure: Letter =  
. (2 pts) 
Corresponding Functional Cortical Subsystem: Roman Numeral 
. (2 pts) 
Visual Perception (e.g., stage lighting, scene design, facial expression, 
body 
language): 
Corresponding Anatomical Structure: Letter =  
. (2 pts) 
Corresponding Functional Cortical Subsystem: Roman Numeral 
. (2 pts) 
Kinetics & Kinesthetics (e.g., dancing, singing, foot-tapping): 
Corresponding Anatomical Structure: Letter =  
. (2 pts) 
Corresponding Functional Cortical Subsystem: Roman Numeral 
. (2 pts) 
EFTA00810769
--- PAGE 4 ---
END 
EFTA00810770

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810771.pdf
----------------------------------------
Monda 
Tuesda 
Wcdncsda 
6:20 - Prep breakfast - wake assistant 
6:45 - Wake up (med distrib) 
7:15 - Breakfast 
8:00 - Class Begins 
9:30 - Break (15 min) 
11:30 - Lunch 
12:15 - Resume class 
1:45 - Break (15 min) 
3:00 - Group with Hutch 
4:00 - Free Time (30 min) 
4:30 - Music/Art with Hutch 
5:30 - Dinner 
6:00 - Clean-up/Getting ready 
7:00 - Gym time 
7:45 - Praise & Worship/Rose & Thorns 
8:00 - Showers/common chores 
8:45 - In Rooms/med distribution 
9:15 - Lights out 
7:45 - Wake up assistant for breakfast 
8:00 - Wake up (med distrib) 
8:30 - Breakfast 
8:50 - Clean-up 
9:15 - Class Begins 
11:30 - Lunch 
12:15 - Resume Class 
1:45 - Break (I5 min) 
3:45 - Class Ends 
4:00 - Group with V 
5:00 - Free time/chores/dinner prep 
5:30 - Dinner 
6:00 - Clean-up/getting ready for gym 
7:00 - Gym time 
7:45 - Praise & Worship/Rose & Thorns 
8:00 - Showers/common chores 
8:45 - In Rooms/med distribution 
9:15 - Lights out 
7:45 - Wake up assistant for breakfast 
8:00 - Wake up (med distrib) 
8:30 - Breakfast 
8:50 - Clean-up 
9:15 - Class begins 
11:30 - Lunch 
12:15 - Resume Class 
1:45 - Break (15 min) 
3:45 - Class ends 
4:00 - Group with V/Mandi 
:00 - Free time/chores/dinner prep (30 mir 
5:30 - Dinner 
6:00 - Clean-up/getting ready for gym 
7:00 - Gym time 
7:45 - Praise & Worship/Rose & Thorns 
8:00 - Showers/common chores 
8:45 - In Rooms/med distribution 
9:15 - Lights out 
6:20 - Prep breakfast - wake assistant 
6:45 - Wake up (med distrib) 
7:15 - Breakfast 
8:00 - Class begins 
9:30 - Break (15 min) 
11.30 - Lunch 
12:15 - Resume class 
1:45 - Break (IS min) 
3:00 - Group with Dr. Hutch 
4:00 - Break (30 min) 
5:00 - Group with Dr Hutch (Music/art) 
5:30 - Dinner 
6:00 - Clean-up/getting ready for gym 
7:00 - Gym time 
7:45 - Praise & Worship/Rose & Thorns 
8:00 - Showers/common chores 
8:45 - In Rooms/med distribution 
9:15 - Lights out 
6:20 - Prep breakfast - wake assistant 
6:45 - Wake up (med distrib) 
7:15 - Breakfast 
8:00 - Class Begins 
9:30 - Break (15 min) 
11:30 - Lunch 
12:15 - Resume Class 
1:45 - Break (15 min) 
4:00 - group with V 
5:00 - free time 
5:30 - Dinner 
5:30 - Dinner 
6:00 - Clean-up/getting ready for gym 
7:00 - Gym time 
7:45 - Praise & Worship/Rose & Thorns 
8:00 - Showers/common chores 
8:45 - In Rooms/med distribution 
9:15 - Lights out 
EFTA00810771

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810772.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mita Weft Ai/ling Coithact 
between 
Supreme Water Well Drilling Service 
Name of Drilling Company (hereinafter called the 'Contractor') 
License Number 
P.O. Box 1562, Christiansted, St. Croix 00821 
Address of Contractor 
and 
Great St. James 
Person or Firm Contracting this Order (hereinafter called the 'Customer') 
(340) 773-3593 
Phone 
(340) 277-3541 
Cellular 
6100 Red Hook, St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Address of Customer 
Phone 
Cellular 
The Customer agrees to retain the services of the Contractor for the purposes of constructing a well or wells at 
the following location: Great St. James (VI) 
The Customer warrants that the premises belong to or are under his legal control, and that he/she has full right 
and authority to enter into this drilling contract. 
The Customer shall be responsible for access to the drill site(s). The location(s) of the well(s) shall be agreed 
upon by the Contractor and the Customer. 
The Customer shall permit the Contractor and his/her representatives free and unobstructed access to the site 
of the water well(s) for the purpose of carrying out this agreement. 
The approximate starting date for construction of the well(s) is (are) constructed, cased, tested and completed 
in compliance with the Water Resources Conservation made under Title 12 § 151 — 167 of Virgin Islands Code. 
The well(s) shall be drilled to a sufficient depth to meet expected needs (or minimum requirements if 
applicable). Should insufficient quantity be obtained by 150 feet of depth the Customer (or his agent), will be 
notified so that options maybe evaluated. Drilling will be discontinued at any time upon direction from the 
Customer. 
The Contractor warrants and guarantees that the work to be performed under this does not warrant or 
guarantee the quantity or quality of any water which may be obtained. 
The Customer agrees to pay the Contractor for the work at the following rates: 
See the attached Estimate # 199 
Extra costs Geological conditions are reasonably well known in most area, but unexpected conditions may 
occur. Such conditions may necessitate the use of additional materials or work such as drilling mud or foam, 
liner casing, well screens, cement, pumps, tanks, pipes, etc.) These may be employed if deemed necessary by 
the Contractor and charged to the Customer accordingly. The Contractor will contact the Customer to inform 
him/her of such conditions and possible extra costs prior to conducting the work. 
Additional materials such as the above, if not required by geological conditions but recommended by 
Government of the Virgin Islands Department of Licensing and Consumer Affairs, or requested by the 
Customer, will be supplied at the Contractor's current retail prices. 
Extra labor Any additional pumping or developing required for bacteriological or chemical testing above and 
beyond regulatory requirements, or use of the Contractor's equipment and personnel for any service not 
referred to above will be an additional cost. 
340-227-5323 
EFTA00810772
--- PAGE 2 ---
Taxes All work and materials are subject to applicable taxes in addition to the above, payable by the 
Customer. 
Payments The Customer agrees to pay the Contractor full payment of $24,320.30 upon the signing of this 
contract or a minimum deposit as follows: 
a) $18,320.30 deposit on signing of this contract, and 
b) the balance of $6,000.00 upon reaching the contracted depth. 
All accounts rendered by the Contractor to the Customer, whether interim, final or otherwise, shall be paid 
within 30 days of the date set out on the accounts. Accounts not paid within the 30 day period shall accrue 
interest at the rate of 1.5% per month calculated from the date set out on the accounts. In the event of 
commencement of suit to enforce payment of this contract, the Customer agrees to pay such additional sum as 
attomey's fees and other costs as the Court may adjudge reasonable. 
The Contractor guarantees workmanship to be free of defect for a period of six (6) months. These 
guarantees shall be void if explosives, dry ice, hydro-fracturing, etc., are used by anyone (including the 
Contractor) in the well(s) 
Upon completion of the work, the Contractor shall complete a well construction report(s) as required by 
Government of the Virgin Islands Department of Licensing and Consumer Affairs, and provide copies to the 
Department, the Customer, and shall keep a copy for a period of at least 2 years from the date of completion of 
the well(s) 
This agreement is subject to other terms and conditions between the Contractor and the Customer as 
set out immediately below: 
Customer must provide a minimum of 3000 gallons of water at the drill site to begin this project. 
I accept the above agreement, dated this 
day of 
, 2016 at: Great St. James 
(VI), in the District of St. Thomas, United States Virgin Islands. 
Customer Signature 
Print Name Here 
Date: 
Contractor's 1 Authorized Agent 
Date: 
EFTA00810773

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810774.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bank Name: Wells Fargo Bank 
Bank Address: 400 Hamilton Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94301 
Bank Phone: 650-330-8135 
Account Name: Peninsula Property Management 
Routing Number: 
Account Number: 
EFTA00810774

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810775.pdf
----------------------------------------
Consciousness, Science, Technology, and Society 
Shanghai, June 7-9, 2017 
CSTS June 2017 will be a three-day event, devoted to the exploration of 
consciousness in all its aspects, and particularly the intersection between 
consciousness with modern science and technology, and the social impacts of this 
intersection. The event will consist of a one-day conference with short TED-style 
talks and two days of in-depth workshops (described below). Eastern and Western 
perspectives will be balanced and constructive synergies between these 
perspectives will be explored. Attendees will also have the opportunity to contribute 
original ideas toward the design of a second CSTS event that will be held in Shanghai 
later in the year. 
East Meets West: The CSTS Vision 
Based in China and hosted by Crystal Globe, the CSTS event series will take an 
Eastern approach toward understanding consciousness and bring together leading 
experts from the East and West to explore the science that relates mind, body, and 
behavior. 
CSTS will showcase new technologies, products, and services that 
promote mental and emotional well being, ultimately for the benefit of society. 
The key difference between Eastern and Western thought is that the core of 
Western knowledge has emerged from a dualistic understanding of mind and matter 
while Eastern science and philosophy is nondual (Atman). From the Eastern 
perspective, all experience finds its origins in consciousness (including first, second, 
and third person experiences) and consciousness is primary. This approach to 
knowledge is based upon personal investigation and practices toward direct 
experiential knowing (e.g., practices such as breathing techniques, meditation, 
visualizations, chanting, etc.), while the western approach to knowledge is rooted in 
materialism, focused primarily on observed (third person) experiences, and based 
upon theories, ideas, and a conceptual understanding. 
By taking an Eastern approach, first person experiences are honored (dreams, 
altered states, psychosis, etc.) and second person research methodologies (inter-
subjective engagement, collaboration) become possible. In Asia, there is over 2500 
years of experimentation and exploration based upon a nondual foundational 
premise (Advaita, Dzogchen, Zen, Taoism). Also prominent in the Eastern approach 
is the role of nature and our relationship within it. 
EFTA00810775
--- PAGE 2 ---
CSTS will bring together the greatest minds from the East and West to advance the 
collective field of knowledge toward greater understanding. This event series will 
encourage the development of new technologies, products, and services with 
particular focus in the areas of education, mental health, creativity, innovation, 
entrepreneurship, and management. This kind of cross-cultural knowledge 
exchange is necessary to address the many thorny problems facing today's global 
society, and to bring about a shift toward a more harmonious future. 
Day Long Conference: 
Elisabet Sahtouris 
Bronislav Vinogradskiy 
Ornella Corazza 
Reza Sanaye 
Jeffery Martin 
Nicoletta lacobacci 
Robert Alexander 
William Chang 
Ben Goertzel 
Piotr Boltuc 
Kevin O'Regan 
Alexander Graur 
Wayne Silby 
John Marshall Roberts 
Adrian Belic 
CSTS June 2017: Workshops 
Mind and Nature: Eastern and Western Approaches 
German Philosopher Karl Jaspers identified the years from the 8th to 3rd century BC 
as a pivotal 'Axial Age' for mankind, a period when the religions and philosophies 
that underlie our modern World were first conceived in and shared by Persia, India, 
China, Greece, Egypt and Rome. With the colonization of the World over the past 
two hundred years by the West, its advancements in science, materialism, 
capitalism, and today's globalization enabled by technology, the religions and 
philosophies of old have lost their true meaning and power. 
EFTA00810776
--- PAGE 3 ---
Globalization can be seen as a natural evolutionary process. However, if it is truly to 
succeed, it must respect the world's multicultural diversity of thought and 
knowledge, find common guiding values, and engage in healthy dialogue that 
permits checks and balances insuring the wellbeing of all people and our planet. I 
Every culture has had a guiding story of who we humans are and in what kind of 
universe we live. According to Joseph Campbell, such a functioning 'mythology' 
serves four functions. 1) The Mystical Function: To open up a realization of the 
mystical dimension (realization of a transcendent mystery source behind the 
surface phenomenology of the World); 2) The Cosmological Function: To 
understand the material world (an understanding that is consistent with 
contemporary knowledge); 3) The Sociological Function: To validate and maintain a 
certain specific social order of the current society; and 4) The Pedagogical 
Function: To guide individuals harmoniously through the inevitable crisis of stages 
of life. At the end of his life, Campell called for a myth for the entire world, one for 
all cultures and our planet Earth. 
Today's military and economic conflicts, along with the devastating conflict between 
man and nature, can all be traced back to the differences between the different core 
approaches to understanding the world and our role in it. In this workshop, we will 
explore the differences between Eastern and Western thought toward the 
development of a contemporary vision of a global society. 
As science has replaced religion in the secular societies of today, we will look 
specifically at how the foundational concepts of our universe and how it can best be 
understood have differed in the sciences of East and West. Western science for 
example, posits a material universe that can be studied objectively, with 
consciousness a late emergent product of advanced nervous systems, while Vedic 
science posits a participatory conscious universe within which matter forms and 
evolves as part of the greater Consciousness field. Islamic science posits a living 
universe and Taoist science focuses on the role of humanity within Nature and 
Cosmos. Most indigenous cultures developed their own sciences, only now being 
discovered by contemporary society. 
When we acknowledge this rich diversity of understanding from the Axial Age until 
now, we see humanity poised on the brink of a new maturity in which hostilities can 
give way to harmonies with apparently limitless creative potential if we shift our 
attention and resources to building a world that works for all. 
Elisabet Sahtouris 
Bronislav Vinogradskiy 
Jamie Hubbard 
Jyoti Kumar 
Ornella Corazza 
Mohammad Reza Sanaye 
Apurve Mehra 
EFTA00810777
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00810778
--- PAGE 5 ---
Personal Development, Mental Health, and Human Potential 
Our experiences shape the beliefs that motivate our actions. Although we do not 
fully understand the mechanisms of how experiences encode beliefs within the 
body, it is clear that the mind and body are interrelated. A newborn baby acts from 
innate behaviors and gradually develops a sense of a "separate self," and a mental 
(symbolic) model of reality. Ultimately, the mechanisms for constructing and acting 
from this mental model are physiologically based. Early experiences such as 
childhood trauma can have a profound impact on personal development, and mental 
health. 
The East and West look at the mind-body relationship very differently. In the West, 
Wilhelm Reich first identified that five different personality types correlated to 
different physical postures and body shapes. Symptoms are primarily addressed 
either chemically with pharmaceuticals, or via psychotherapy. In Traditional 
Chinese Medicine (TCM), emotions are associated with different organs of the 
body. Emotional trauma leads to a stagnation of "qi," or life force and energy, and 
addressed in a more holistic manner. The recognition in Taoist science of matter, 
energy, mind/heart/soul (Ong, qi, shen) as the integral human, as well as all nature 
is clearly distinguished from the western view that mind emerges from matter at 
advanced stages of evolution. 
Although society rewards high-achievers whether it is in academics, sports, 
musicianship, or entrepreneurship, there are many people who, through their 
unique experiences in life, have developed skills that stretch our understanding of 
the human potential. Superior autobiographical memory, synesthesia, non-symbolic 
states of consciousness, pain management, and temperature control are just a few of 
the abilities that have been reported and studied. 
This workshop will explore the mind body relationship from the perspective of 
personal development, human potential, and its relationship with mental 
health. We will also explore methods for personal transformation and healing, from 
Eastern and Western perspectives. 
Gino Yu 
Jeffery Martin 
Lamont Tang 
David Sauvage 
John Marshall Roberts 
Ornella Corazza 
(Xiong Zeng Xiang) 
(Li Si Ceng) 
(Math Prodigy) 
EFTA00810779
--- PAGE 6 ---
Artificial Intelligence and Consciousness 
Al systems are achieving more and more in the practical world, and the grand quest 
to create Artificial General Intelligence is being taken more and more seriously. The 
risks and benefits of advanced Al for human society are also being hotly debated in 
all quarters. 
But what about machine consciousness? If a digital computer is created with a 
human-like cognitive architecture and human-like intelligence, will it have human-
like consciousness? What if instead it is a quantum computer, or a synthetic-biology 
computer, or a brain-machine hybrid computer? What will we be able to learn 
about the nature of consciousness by creating and studying synthetic systems and 
connecting them to human brains and bodies? Should we think about the 
consciousness of an engineered system in a reductive, materialist way or otherwise? 
And how closely connected are the questions of machine consciousness and 
machine ethics? Can an Al without human-like consciousness truly empathize with 
people? Might deep empathy with humans be part of the path to human-like 
machine consciousness? 
The Workshop on AI and Consciousness will consider these issues and more, from a 
variety of perspectives. 
The workshop will open with a keynote by Ben Goertzel (from the AGI Society, the 
OpenCog 
Foundation 
and 
Hanson 
Robotics), 
titled 
"Can 
Als 
Feel 
Compassion?". This will be followed with a series of talks including one by Shuo 
Chen reporting his PhD work on the structure of reflective consciousness and 
subjective awareness in humans and Als. 
After lunch will be a session on Non-Reductive Machine Consciousness. There will 
be three speakers: Piotr Boltuc (Co-Editor of the International Journal of Machine 
Consciousness, current editor of the APA Newsletter on Philosophy and Computers), 
and Kevin O'Regan (Sorbonne), followed by a panel discussion and a moderated 
discussion with audience participation. 
Ben Goertzel 
Piotr Boltuc 
Kevin O'Regan 
Meaningful Media and Transformational Technologies 
Traditional entertainment such as film, television, and music as well as new 
entertainment forms such as computer games and virtual reality have tremendous 
EFTA00810780
--- PAGE 7 ---
power to engage, educate, and transform their audience and users by creating 
unique experiences. However, in the modern hyper-saturated media landscape 
individuals are increasingly turning to screens and headphones as a means of 
distraction and momentary escape. The fundamental question facing a growing 
number of conscious content creators is how to use digital media to cultivate 
greater somatic awareness and reconnect human beings with the innate wisdom 
within their bodies. Those individuals who are spearheading this movement are 
exploring the use of fixed and interactive media to create experiences that facilitate 
inner exploration towards a deeper understanding of the self. Virtual and mixed 
reality applications are proving beneficial in enabling individuals shift their 
perception and overcome limiting beliefs, and new biometric technologies are 
provide users with a more nuanced understanding of their physiological state in real 
time. These advances when taken as a whole signal a nascent paradigmatic shift 
toward meaningful media. 
Sound: 
Robert Alexander 
Jason Asbahr 
Alexander Graur 
Giovanni Lion 
Media: 
Adrian Belic 
Adam Ford 
TransTech: 
Jeffery Martin 
Xubo Yang 
Chandan Sethi 
Laurent Lettree 
William Chang 
Lamont Tang 
EFTA00810781

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810782.pdf
----------------------------------------
CSTS June 2017 
Consciousness, Science, Technology, and Society 
Shanghai, June 6-10, 2017 
CSTS June 2017 will be a five-day event, devoted to the exploration of consciousness in all its 
aspects, and particularly the intersection between consciousness with modern science and 
technology, and the social impacts of this intersection. The event will consist of a one-day 
conference with short TED-style talks and three days of in-depth workshops (described below). 
Eastern and Western perspectives will be balanced and constructive synergies between these 
perspectives will be explored._ Attendees will also have the opportunity to contribute original ideas 
toward the design of a second CSTS event that will be held in Shanghai later in the year. 
East Meets West: The CSTS Vision 
Based in China and hosted by Crystal Globe, the CSTS event series will take an Eastern 
approach toward understanding consciousness and bring together leading experts from the East 
and West to explore  the science that relates mind, body, and behavior. CSTS will  showcase new 
technologies, products, and services that promote mental and emotional well being, ultimately for 
the benefit of society. 
The key  difference between Eastern and Western thought is that the core of Western knowledge 
has emerged from a dualistic understanding of mind and matter while  Eastern science and 
philosophy is nondual (Atman). From the Eastern perspective, all experience finds its origins in 
consciousness (including first, second, and third person experiences) and consciousness is 
primary. This approach to knowledge is based upon personal investigation and practices toward 
direct  experiential knowing (e.g., practices such as  breathing techniques, meditation, 
visualizations, chanting,  etc.), while the western approach to knowledge is rooted in materialism 
focused primarily on observed (third person) experiences, and  based upon theories, ideas, and a 
conceptual understanding, 
By taking an Eastern approach, first person experiences are honored (dreams, altered states, 
psychosis, etc.) and second person research methodologies (inter-subjective engagement, 
collaboration) become possible. In Asia, there is over 2500 years of experimentation and 
exploration based upon a nondual foundational premise (Advaita, Dzogchen, Zen, Taoism). Also 
prominent in the Eastern approach is the role of nature and our relationship within it. 
CSTS will bring together the greatest  minds from the East and West to advance the collective 
field of knowledge toward greater understanding. This event series  will encourage the 
development of new technologies, products, and services with particular focus  in the areas of 
education, mental health, creativity, innovation, entrepreneurship, and management. This kind of 
cross-cultural knowledge exchange is necessary to  address the many thorny  problems facing 
today's global  society  and to bring about a shift toward a more harmonious future. 
EFTA00810782
--- PAGE 2 ---
CSTS June 2017: Workshops 
Mind and Nature: Eastern and Western Approaches 
German Philosopher Karl Jaspers identified the years from the 8th to 3rd century BC as a pivotal 
'Axial Age' for mankind, a period when the religions and philosophies that underlie our modem 
World were first conceived in and shared by Persia, India, China, Greece, Egypt and Rome. With 
the colonization of the World over the past two hundred years by the West, its advancements in 
science, materialism, capitalism, and today's globalization enabled by technology, the religions 
and philosophies of old have lost their true meaning and power. 
Globalization can be seen as a natural evolutionary process. However, if it is truly to succeed, it 
must respect the world's multicultural diversity of thought and knowledge, find common guiding 
values, and engage in healthy dialogue that permits checks and balances insuring the wellbeing 
of all people and our planet. I 
Every culture has had a guiding story of who we humans are and in what kind of universe we live. 
According to Joseph Campbell, such a functioning 'mythology' serves four functions. 1) The 
Mystical Function: To open up a realization of the mystical dimension (realization of a 
transcendent mystery source behind the surface phenomenology of the World); 2) The 
Cosmological Function: To understand the material world (an understanding that is consistent 
with contemporary knowledge); 3) The Sociological Function: To validate and maintain a certain 
specific social order of the current society; and 4) The Pedagogical Function: To guide 
individuals harmoniously through the inevitable crisis of stages of life. At the end of his life, 
Campell called for a myth for the entire world, one for all cultures and our planet Earth. 
Today's military and economic conflicts, along with the devastating conflict between man and 
nature, can all be traced back to the differences between the different core approaches to 
understanding the world and our role in it. In this workshop, we will explore the differences 
between Eastern and Western thought toward the development of a contemporary vision of a 
global society. 
As science has replaced religion in the secular societies of today, we will look specifically at how 
the foundational concepts of our universe and how it can best be understood have differed in the 
sciences of East and West. Westem science for example, posits a material universe that can be 
studied objectively, with consciousness a late emergent product of advanced nervous systems, 
while Vedic science posits a participatory conscious universe within which matter forms and 
evolves as part of the greater Consciousness field. Islamic science posits a living universe and 
Taoist science focuses on the role of humanity within Nature and Cosmos. Most indigenous 
cultures developed their own sciences, only now being discovered by contemporary society. 
When we acknowledge this rich diversity of understanding from the Axial Age until now, we see 
humanity poised on the brink of a new maturity in which hostilities can give way to harmonies with 
apparently limitless creative potential if we shift our attention and resources to building a world 
that works for all. 
EFTA00810783
--- PAGE 3 ---
Personal Development, Mental Health, and Human Potential 
Our experiences shape the beliefs that motivate our actions. Although we do not fully understand 
the mechanisms of how experiences encode beliefs within the body, it is clear that the mind and 
body are interrelated. A newborn baby acts from innate behaviors and gradually develops a 
sense of a "separate self," and a mental (symbolic) model of reality. Ultimately, the mechanisms 
for constructing and acting from this mental model are physiologically based. Early experiences 
such as childhood trauma can have a profound impact on personal development, and mental 
health. 
The East and West look at the mind-body relationship very differently. In the West, Wilhelm 
Reich first identified that five different personality types correlated to different physical postures 
and body shapes. Symptoms are primarily addressed either chemically with pharmaceuticals, or 
via psychotherapy. In Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM), emotions are associated with 
different organs of the body. Emotional trauma leads to a stagnation of "qi," or life force and 
energy, and addressed in a more holistic manner. The recognition in Taoist science of 
matter. energy. mind/heart/soul (jing. qi. shen) as the integral human. as well as all 
nature is clearly distinguished from the western view that mind emerges from 
matter at advanced stages of evolution. 
Although society rewards high-achievers whether it is in academics, sports, musicianship, or 
entrepreneurship, there are many people who, through their unique experiences in life, have 
developed skills that stretch our understanding of the human potential. Superior autobiographical 
memory, synesthesia, non-symbolic states of consciousness, pain management, and 
temperature control are just a few of the abilities that have been reported and studied. 
This workshop will explore the mind body relationship from the perspective of personal 
development, human potential, and its relationship with mental health. We will also explore 
methods for personal transformation and healing, from Eastern and Westem perspectives. 
Artificial Intelligence and Consciousness 
Al systems are achieving more and more in the practical world, and the grand quest to create 
Artificial General Intelligence is being taken more and more seriously. The risks and benefits of 
advanced Al for human society are also being hotly debated in all quarters. 
But what about machine consciousness? If a digital computer is created with a human-like 
cognitive architecture and human-like intelligence, will it have human-like consciousness? What if 
instead it is a quantum computer, or a synthetic-biology computer, or a brain-machine hybrid 
computer? What will we be able to learn about the nature of consciousness by creating and 
studying synthetic systems and connecting them to human brains and bodies? Should we think 
about the consciousness of an engineered system in a reductive, materialist way or otherwise? 
And how closely connected are the questions of machine consciousness and machine 
ethics? Can an Al without human-like consciousness truly empathize with people? Might deep 
empathy with humans be part of the path to human-like machine consciousness? 
The Workshop on Al and Consciousness will consider these issues and more, from a variety of 
perspectives. 
The workshop will open with a keynote by Ben Goertzel (from the AGI Society, the OpenCog 
Foundation and Hanson Robotics), titled "Can Als Feel Compassion?". This will be followed 
with a series of talks including one by Shuo Chen reporting his PhD work on the structure of 
reflective consciousness and subjective awareness in humans and Als. 
EFTA00810784
--- PAGE 4 ---
After lunch will be a session on Non-Reductive Machine Consciousness. There will be three 
speakers:Peter Bolduc (Co-Editor of the International Joumal of Machine Consciousness, current 
editor of the APA Newsletter on Philosophy and Computers), Kevin O'Regan (Sorbonne) and Jun 
Tani (KAIST), followed by a panel discussion and a moderated discussion with audience 
participation. 
Meaningful Media and Transformational Technologies 
Traditional entertainment such as film, television, and music as well as new entertainment forms 
such as computer games and virtual reality have tremendous power to engage, educate, and 
transform their audience and users by creating unique experiences. However, in the modem 
hyper-saturated media landscape individuals are increasingly tuming to screens and headphones 
as a means of distraction and momentary escape. The fundamental question facing a growing 
number of conscious content creators is how to use digital media to cultivate greater somatic 
awareness and reconnect human beings with the innate wisdom within their bodies. Those 
individuals who are spearheading this movement are exploring the use of fixed and interactive 
media to create experiences that facilitate inner exploration towards a deeper understanding of 
the self. Virtual and mixed reality applications are proving beneficial in enabling individuals shift 
their perception and overcome limiting beliefs, and new biometric technologies are provide users 
with a more nuanced understanding of their physiological state in real time. These advances 
when taken as a whole signal a nascent paradigmatic shift toward meaningful media. 
EFTA00810785

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810786.pdf
----------------------------------------
Number-crunching 
The hidden maths of organisms, cities and 
companies 
Non-linear scaling explains everything from the productivity of cities to the safe dosage 
for LSD 
lo Print edition I Books and arts > 
O 
May 11th 2017 
Scale: The Universal Laws of Growth, Innovation, Sustainability, and the Pace 
of Life, in Organisms, Cities, Economies, and Companies. By Geoffrey West. 
Penguin Press; 479 pages; $30. Weidenfeld & Nicholson; £25. 
GEOFFREY WEST is the restless sort. He has spent much of his career as a 
theoretical physicist, working at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New 
Mexico. After a while he became fascinated by biology, then cities and companies. 
He is interested in all sorts of things, from Isambard Kingdom Brunel's ship designs 
to Ingmar Bergman's films. When he says that he drives his wife nuts, you believe 
him. 
Latest updates 
Should animals be allowed to roam freely on 
jets? 
GULLIVER > 
Brussels is not cheered by Theresa May's 
weakened mandate 
EUROPE > 
A primary contest in Virginia offers clues to the 
future of the Democrats 
DEMOCRACY IN AMERICA > 
On one level, "Scale" is a book about Mr 
West's peculiar career path. But on another, 
it is about the hidden mathematical 
patterns underlying life, cities and 
commerce. Many things that appear 
unrelated are actually linked, he says. The 
size of an animal is related to the speed of 
its metabolism and its lifespan. If you 
know the population of a city and what 
See all updates > 
EFTA00810786
--- PAGE 2 ---
country it is in, you can predict fairly 
accurately how many petrol stations it has and how many patents its citizens 
produce. Mr West even suggests that the mice and the metropolises are linked. 
To take an odd example: how much LSD should you give to an elephant, should you 
feel minded to do such an irresponsible thing? The answer is not the 297 
milligrams that was injected into a poor pachyderm called Tusko in 1962, leading 
shortly to his death. The researchers came up with that amount by extrapolating 
from research on cats. They had simply scaled up a feline acid dose to account for 
the greater mass, without accounting for the fact that safe dosages for drugs do not 
quite double with a doubling in mass, and other factors also play a role. Extrapolate 
this over the many multiples of mass an elephant has over a cat, and Tusko should 
have had a few milligrams, not several hundred. 
Non-linear scaling relationships such as these fascinate Mr West. "Underlying the 
daunting complexity of the natural world lies a surprising simplicity, regularity and 
unity when viewed through the coarse-grained lens of scale," he writes. In other 
words: do not get too distracted by what animals and plants look like, or how they 
have evolved. Just look at fundamental properties like their size and weight. These 
tend to obey mathematical laws. 
Cities, he suggests, are a little like giant organisms. They often grow in the same 
exponential way. A map of lorry journeys looks a bit like a network of blood vessels. 
Cities also scale non-linearly. A city that is twice as populous as another does not 
have twice as much infrastructure and twice as much productivity. It has a bit less 
infrastructure than you would expect, and a bit more productivity per head (as well 
as more crime). Just as an elephant is a more efficient animal than a cat, big cities 
are more efficient than small ones. That is why people are drawn to them. 
Having charted these patterns, Mr West is not quite sure what to make of them. He 
suggests that urban planners should think of themselves as facilitators of 
fundamental natural processes. But how, exactly, should they do that? Like many 
urbanists, Mr West admires Jane Jacobs, who believed that cities such as her 
beloved New York should be left to evolve naturally rather than being tweaked by 
meddlesome planners. In fact New York is one of the world's most rigorously 
planned cities. Its grid pattern was laid down when the city was just a small 
EFTA00810787
--- PAGE 3 ---
settlement on Manhattan's southern tip. 
Mr West is an entertaining, chatty guide to the things that interest him. That is 
mostly to the good, although the chattiness does mean that "Scale" suffers from a 
problem of scale. A ruthless editor could have excised at least a quarter of the words 
and created a tighter, more compelling book. Size is not always everything. 
This article appeared in the Books and arts section of the print edition under the headline "Mr Big" 
EFTA00810788

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810789.pdf
----------------------------------------
11/16/2918 
West Palm Beach. FL Code of Ordinances 
Sec. 54-369. - Loitering or prowling by persons convicted of certain sex offenses. 
It shall be unlawful for any person who has been convicted of a violation of F.S. § 787.01, F.S §787.02, 
F.S. § 794.011, F.S. § 800.04, F.S. § 827.071, or F.S. § 847.0145, or any amendments thereto, regardless of 
whether adjudication has been withheld, in which the victim of the offense was less than 16 years of age, or 
any person who is designated as a sexual predator, sexually violent predator, or sexual offender in another 
state or jurisdiction subject to registration or community notification under Florida law to loiter or prowl as 
proscribed in F.S. § 856.021 within 300 feet of a place where children regularly congregate, including a 
school, designated public school bus stop, child care facility, playground, or park. 
(Ord. No. 4159-08, § 2, 7-28-2008) 
1/1 
EFTA00810789

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810790.pdf
----------------------------------------
11/16/2018 
West Palm Beach. FL Code of Ordinances 
Sec. 54-370. - Property owners prohibited from renting real property to certain sexual offenders and sexual 
predators; penalties. 
(a) It shall be a violation of this Code for a landlord or owner of residential property in the city to 
let or rent a residence to any person prohibited from establishing such permanent residence 
of temporary residence pursuant to sections 54-367 and 54-368 above, if such residence is 
located within 1,500 feet of any school, designated school bus stop, child care facility, park, 
playground, or community center, or other place where children congregate. 
(b) A property owner's failure to comply with provisions of this section shall constitute a 
violation of this section, and shall subject the property owner to the code enforcement 
provisions and procedures as provided in chapter 26 of this Code. 
(c) A landlord shall not be liable under the provisions of this section if they can demonstrate 
they made a good faith effort to ascertain whether the proposed tenant or any persons who 
will reside with the tenant are prohibited from establishing residence pursuant to sections 
54-367 and 54-368. If the landlord receives an affidavit from the tenant that the people who 
reside with them are not on the list and the landlord checks the registration list based on the 
identifications of tenants and residents proposed to be living in the rental unit to confirm the 
persons are not on the list. Receipt of such affidavit and efforts of confirmation shall 
demonstrate that a landlord has exercised good faith in ascertaining whether they were 
renting to a sexual predator or sexual offender, even if it is ultimately determined that a 
sexual predator or sexual offender did reside in their rental unit. 
(Ord. No. 4159-08, § 2, 7-28-2008) 
1/1 
EFTA00810790

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810791.pdf
----------------------------------------
11/16/2918 
West Palm Beach. FL Code of Ordinances 
Sec. 54-368. - Temporary emergency shelter; sexual predators and offenders notification requirements. 
(a) Any person who is required by Florida law to register with law enforcement as a sexual 
predator or sexual offender and who utilizes or intends to utilize a temporary shelter 
provided by any public or private entity and established as a result of any emergency or 
incident or threatened emergency or incident shall, immediately upon entering the shelter, 
notify the individual or individuals operating the shelter that he or she is a registered sexual 
predator or sexual offender. The sexual predator or sexual offender shall be assigned to a 
temporary shelter specifically designated for use by sexual predators and sexual offenders. 
(b) The police chief may designate a public building or a jail or other correctional facility, within 
his or her authority, as a temporary shelter to be utilized by sexual predators and sexual 
offenders. 
(Ord. No. 4159-08, § 2, 7-28-2008) 
1/1 
EFTA00810791

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810792.pdf
----------------------------------------
§ 221 Tickets, 9 V.I.C. § 221 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter 15. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
V.I.C. § 221 
§ 221 Tickets 
If any person shall engage in business as a pawnbroker he shall, for any article or thing of value received in pawn or 
otherwise for the security of any loan, transfer, service, undertaking or advantage, give to the plcdgor, or person for 
whom or for whose benefit the transaction is made or done, a ticket or coupon stating the name and address of such 
pawnbroker, the property, security or thing received in pawn and the amount loaned thereupon. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289. 
V.I.C.§221, VI ST T. 9 §22I 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
(:) 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810792
--- PAGE 2 ---
§ 222 Prohibited pledges, 9 V.I.C. § 222 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title co. Banking 
Chapter is. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
q V.I.C. § 222 
§ 222 Prohibited pledges 
No person shall receive in pawn, or as security for any loan, transfer, service, undertaking or advantage, anything of 
value from any minor or person in a visible state of intoxication from liquors or otherwise, or any article of clothing 
removed from the person at the place of business of the pawnbroker. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289. 
V.I.C. §222, VI ST T. 9 § 222 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
(:) 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810793
--- PAGE 3 ---
§ 223 Penalty, 9 
§ 223 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter Is. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
V.I.C. § 223 
§ 223 Penalty 
Whoever violates any provision of sections 221 and 222 of this title shall be fined not more than $20 or imprisoned not 
more than thirty days. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289. 
V.I.C. §223, VI ST T. 9 § 223 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
t 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810794
--- PAGE 4 ---
§ 224 Licenses, 9 
§ 224 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter is. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
V.I.C. §224 
§ 224 Licenses 
The Lieutenant Governor shall license suitable persons to carry on the business of pawnbrokers in any city or town for 
one year, and may revoke such licenses, in his discretion, after a hearing on charges preferred. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289. 
HISTORY 
Revision notes. 'Lieutenant Governor' substituted for `Government S ecretary'. See note preceding chapter I of this title. 
V.I.C. § 224, VI ST T. 9 § 224 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
e 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810795
--- PAGE 5 ---
§ 225 Fees, 9 V.I.C. § 225 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter 15. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
§ 225 
§ 225 Fees 
The fee for such license or renewal thereof shall be fixed by the Lieutenant Governor and shall be paid to the city or 
town in which the license is to be in force. No person in any city or town shall be required to pay a larger fee for said 
license than is required from any other person in the same city or town for a similar license. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289. 
HISTORY 
Revision notes. 'Lieutenant Governor' substituted for `Government S ecretary'. See note preceding chapter I of this title. 
Rules and regulations. For text of regulations governing fees for licenses, see Title 9, V.I. Rules and Reg., § 226-I. 
V.I.C. § 225, VI ST T. 9 § 225 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
ItLi' 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810796
--- PAGE 6 ---
§ 226 Regulations, 9 V.1.C. § 226 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter 15. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
§ 226 
§ 226 Regulations 
The Lieutenant Governor may from time to time establish regulations relative to the business carried on by pawnbrokers. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. L p. 289. 
HISTORY 
Revision notes. 'Lieutenant Governor' substituted for `Government S ecretary'. See note preceding chapter 1 of this title. 
Rules and regulations. For text of regulations issued under authority 
of this section, see Title 9 V.I. Rules and Reg. §§ 226-1, 226-2. 
V.I.C. § 226, VI ST T. 9 § 226 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End or Document 
2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810797
--- PAGE 7 ---
§ 227 Retention of pledged articles, 9 V.I.C. § 227 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter is. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
V.I.C. § 227 
§ 227 Retention of pledged articles 
Articles deposited in pawn with a licensed pawnbroker shall, unless redeemed, be retained by him, on the premises 
occupied by him for his business, for at least four months after the date of deposit, if not of a perishable nature; and, 
if of a perishable nature, for at least one month after said date. Articles of personal apparel shall not be deemed to be 
of a perishable nature. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289. 
V.I.C. §227, VI ST T. 9 § 227 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
1.5 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810798
--- PAGE 8 ---
§ 228 Sale of pledged articles, 9 V.I.C. § 228 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter Is. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
V.I.C. § 228 
§ 228 Sale of pledged articles 
After the expiration of said time he may sell the same by public auction. Notice of such sale shall be given by posting 
notice thereof in two or more public places in the town where the property is situate, fourteen days before the sale, notice 
of the sale shall also be given to the general owner, at such time stating in writing the time and place of sale. The balance 
of the proceeds of sale, if any, after payment of the amount owing and reasonable expenses, shall be paid to the general 
owner on demand. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289. 
V.I.C. § 228, VI ST T. 9 § 228 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
t 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810799
--- PAGE 9 ---
§ 229 Waiver of notice and sale at public auction, 9 V.I.C. § 229 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter Is. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
V.I.C. § 229 
§ 229 Waiver of notice and sale at public auction 
If less than $25 has been loaned on any article so taken in pawn the requirement of notice, and of sale by public auction, 
may be waived by agreement of the parties, made in writing. In other cases the requirement cannot be waived. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289. 
V.I.C. § 229, VI ST T. 9 § 229 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
t 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810800
--- PAGE 10 ---
§ 230 Interest, 9 V.I.C. § 230 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter is. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
V.I.C. § 230 
§ z3o Interest 
The Lieutenant Governor may fix the rate of interest which such pawnbrokers may receive on loans, and may fix different 
rates which may be received for different amounts of money lent; and no licensed pawnbroker shall charge or receive a 
greater rate of interest than that so fixed. The rates of interest so established shall be printed on the loan ticket issued 
by the pawnbroker. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289. 
HISTORY 
Revision notes. 'Lieutenant Governor' substituted for `Government S ecretary'. See note preceding chapter 1 of this title. 
V.I.C. § 230, VI ST T. 9 § 230 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
it, 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810801
--- PAGE 11 ---
§ 231 Records, 9 V.I.C. § 231 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter 15. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
V.I.C. § 231 
§ 231 Records 
(a) Every such pawnbroker shall keep a book in which, at the time of making a loan, shall be legibly written in the English 
language an account and description of the goods, articles or things pawned or pledged, the amount of money loaned 
thereon, the time of pledging them, the rate of interest to be paid on such loan and the name and residence of the pledgor. 
(b) In addition to the requirements contained in subsection (a) the transaction must be recorded on forms obtainable 
from the Virgin Islands Police Department which must include: 
(I) The date and time of the transaction; 
(2) A comprehensive description of the item transacted, including any visible identification marks, such as initials, name 
of manufacturer, model and serial numbers and owner•applied identification numbers or marks; 
(3) The estimated fair market value of the item transacted; and 
(4) The name, address, and date of birth of the person from whom the item is received, including proof of identification 
of the person by a driver's license, passport, resident alien identification or similar credentials. 
(c) The requirements imposed on a pawnbroker by this section arc also binding upon any employee of the pawnbroker 
or any person acting on the pawnbroker's behalf. 
(d) The completed form must be transmitted by the pawnbroker to the Virgin Islands Police Department no later than 
days after the date of the transaction listed on the form. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289; amen ded Oct. 15, 2010, No. 7204, § 1(1), Sess. L. 2010, 
pp. 205, 206. 
HISTORY 
Amendments 2010.Act 7204, § 1(1), designated the existing 
language as subsectio n (a), and added subsections (b) through (d). 
V.I.C.§231, VI ST T. 9 §231 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810802
--- PAGE 12 ---
§ 231a Definitions, 9 
§ 231a 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter Is. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
V.I.C. § 231a 
§ 231a Definitions 
(a) For purposes of this subchapter: 
(I) Pawnbroker' means any person, corporation, partnership or other business entity conducting business in the Virgin 
Islands which acquires from a consumer through purchase, barter, or any form of transfer in exchange for money, 
trade, barter or other valuable consideration precious metals or precious stones as defined in title 27 Virgin Islands 
Code, chapter 9, section 309, subsections (c) and (d), watches, porcelain or any other item of any kind, except that 
those established merchants in fixed locations are excluded when the purchase is made directly from manufacturers or 
wholesalers. 
(2) 'Consumer' means any person who obtains from a pawnbroker money or any form of consideration in exchange 
for an item. 
(b) 
(I) Any pawnbroker who accepts or exchanges or deals in any manner with precious metals or precious stones as defined 
in title 27 Virgin Islands Code, chapter 9, section 309, subsections (c) and (d), watches, porcelain or any item of any 
kind shall install video recording devices in the person's place of business, and all transactions must be video recorded 
showing the face of the consumer and the date and time of the transaction and must be kept for not less than 90 days 
after the recording is made. 
(2) Any pawnbroker who violates paragraph (1) is subject to forfeiture of his business license and is subject to a fine of 
twice the value of the item transacted. 
Credits 
Added Oct. 15, 2010, No. 7204, § 1(2), Sess. L. 2010, p. 206. 
V.I.C. §231a, VI ST T. 9 § 231a 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
CI' 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810803
--- PAGE 13 ---
§ 232 Inspections, 9 V.I.C. § 232 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title 9. Banking 
Chapter 15. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
V.I.C. 232 
§ 232 Inspections 
(a) The Lieutenant Governor or his authorized representative may at any time enter upon any premises used by a licensed 
pawnbroker for the purposes of his business, ascertain how he conducts his business and examine all articles taken in 
pawn or kept or stored in or upon said premises and all books and inventories relating thereto. Every such pawnbroker, 
his clerk, agent, servant or other person in charge of the premises shall exhibit to such person on demand any or all of 
such articles, books and inventories. The book must be kept for inspection for at least five years from the time of the 
transaction. 
(b) Pawnbrokers shall have a fixed place of business with an address and a telephone number, and any business conducted 
in the following designated locations below is prohibited: 
(I) Within any guestroom, guest unit of a hotel, motel, tourist home or tourist camp; 
(2) In or about any vehicle parked within an automobile parking compound, automobile parking lot, or parked elsewhere 
on any lot, parcel, track of land, or public highway, street or sidewalk; or 
(3) On or about any public highway, street or sidewalk. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289; amen ded Oct. 15, 2010, No. 7204, § 1(3), Sess. L. 2010, 
p. 207. 
HISTORY 
Revision notes. 'Lieutenant Governor' substituted for `Government S ecretary'. See note preceding chapter I of this title. 
Amendments 2010.Act 7204, § 1(3), designated the existing language as 
subsectio n (a), added the last sentence to subsection (a), and added subsection (b). 
V.I.C. § 232, VI ST T. 9 § 232 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
e 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810804
--- PAGE 14 ---
§ 233 Penalty, 9 
§ 233 
Virgin Islands Code Annotated Currentness 
Title g. Banking 
Chapter 13. Regulation of Small Loans and Pawnbrokers 
Subchapter II. Pawnbrokers 
gV.I.C. § 233 
§ 233 Penalty 
Whoever, not being licensed, carries on such business or is concerned therein within such city or town; or, being licensed, 
carries on such business or is concerned therein in any other place or manner than that designated in his license or 
after notice to him that his license has been revoked; or who wilfully hinders, obstructs or prevents any person from 
entering the premises or from making the examination authorized in the preceding section; or who otherwise violates 
any provision of this subchapter, shall be fined not more than $50, or imprisoned not more than sixty days, or both. 
Credits 
Added Mar. 29, 1968, No. 2127, § 1, Sess. L. 1968, Pt. I, p. 289. 
V.I.C. § 233, VI ST T. 9 § 233 
Current through Act 8009 of the 32nd Legislature, including all code changes through August 23, 2017 
End of Document 
2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00810805

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810806.pdf
----------------------------------------
Investor Overview 
May 2018 
EFTA00810806
--- PAGE 2 ---
For decades, the commercial 
airline industry has seen only 
incremental improvements 
WheelTug® is a game-changing 
new technology for aviation 
EFTA00810807
--- PAGE 3 ---
WheelTug 
Airplanes Soar Through the Skies 
Airplanes are 
highly efficient 
machines in the 
air... 
But they produce 
revenue only 
while they fly 
EFTA00810808
--- PAGE 4 ---
WheelTug'‘ 
On the Ground, Time = Money 
On the ground, airplanes 
are not as efficient. 
Every minute spent on 
the ground generates no 
revenue - and has an 
opportunity cost of $150.1
Most short-haul flights 
spend nearly as much 
time on the ground as 
they do in the air. 
LaGuardia, Terminal C 
http://airlines.org/data/per-minute-cost-of-delays to u s airlines/ 
EFTA00810809
--- PAGE 5 ---
WheelTug 
Al 
Nay 
Slower on the ground = trailing financial performance 
Ground Efficiency Is Critical 
ASIA 
AirAsia 
• 
../ 
.., 
./.. 
JuneyaO • 
Air G i411^ 
/ 
:0 
• .. 
Air NZ 
•1°I :lainan 
Spring ../ 
. 
.• .• 
..e 
Scootrger• • 
Asians 
Thai • 
Nok • 
110 
35% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
5% 
10% 
-15% 
20% 
Operating Margin 
EUROPE 
RyanAir. 
Wizz 
If 
• 
Aeroflot
IAG 
easviet, 
.• 
• 
..1
El Al 
/ Pegasus 
ifirinair 
• 
e. 
*
Lufthansa 
• 
.. 
.." 
• 
• 
AF-KLM 
SAS 
0% 
120 
100 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
Operating Margin 
Average Narrowbody Ground Times (Min.) 
million + 14-20 Aug 2016 
• Carriers reporting > 2000 flights 
22-28 Nov 2016 
• Excludes ground times > 180 minutes 
flights: 
19-26 Apr 2017 
• Narrowbodies only for FY2015 and 2016 
N. AMERICA
Allegiant 
*Alaska 
Spirit • 
.••• 
Delta*
• 
JetEllue .....• 
./.. ./.. 
..0.
Southwest 
••••4. 
• 
united 
American 
• 
Westlet 
- Air Canada 
120 
100 
0% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
Data From: 
©f 
light rsIdA9Li! 
EFTA00810810
--- PAGE 6 ---
WheelTug 
l•k
)r
The Big Problem on the Ground 
Airplanes cannot maneuver easily or move in reverse. They must 
hook up to a tow tug to push them back from terminal gates. 
This process 
is expensive 
and time-
consuming. 
EFTA00810811
--- PAGE 7 ---
WheelTug 
4r'') f 
How to Solve the Ground Problem? 
The aerospace industry has tried to solve this problem 
for more than 70 years. 
The obvious solution: build electric motors into the 
plane's wheels - but the technology and engineering 
needed to do this are very complex. 
Since we began work on WheelTug, the following large aerospace companies 
have launched programs to develop competing products: Crane, L-3, 
Lufthansa, and EGTS (Safran + Honeywell). No matter what approach they've 
taken, all have abandoned their efforts. 
EFTA00810812
--- PAGE 8 ---
WheelTug 
WheelTug Has the Solution... 
• 
WheelTug makes flying faster — 
by making planes faster on the ground. 
IIIIII
-IIIII 
IIIIIIIIIII 
k 
1111W‘ 
j 
WheelTug 
EFTA00810813
--- PAGE 9 ---
WheelTug 
...Electric Taxiing 
WheelTug is a unique electric taxi system with 
these major components installed on the aircraft 
Electronics 
Motor & Drive 
WheelTug can be easily and quickly retrofitted —
it is not dependent on new aircraft, and does not 
take existing aircraft out of service for weeks. 
Control Panel 
Optional camera: 
— WheelTug Vision'"' 
EFTA00810814
--- PAGE 10 ---
WheelTug 
WheelTug Offers Many Benefits 
Using electric motors in the nosewheels, WheelTug 
enables airplanes to taxi forward and backward. 
WheelTug aircraft can easily maneuver in tight terminal 
areas while keeping jet engines off. 
WheelTug reduces fuel consumption and many other 
costs, eliminates the need for tow tugs (safer), and enables 
faster flight turnarounds. 
WheelTug lets airplanes spend more time flying - and less 
time on the ground. 
See WheelTug at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYYOMJH4gYg 
EFTA00810815
--- PAGE 11 ---
WheelTug 
4`/`  1y
Saving Time & Money 
• Saves 7-20 minutes per flight 
• Enables more flights per day, thus 
• Enables airlines to raise an airplane's productivity by 
up to 20% 
• Unlocks multiple cost savings and efficiency gains 
• Creates total airline benefits of $2 MM to $7 MM per 
airplane per year, depending on airline usage 
(For a midsize airline with 100 airplanes, savings might reach $700 million per year) 
WheelTug is also greener, safer, and quieter, making 
passengers, neighbors, and airports happier. 
EFTA00810816
--- PAGE 12 ---
eW
heelTug 
,.' 
WheelTug Saves Time in Two Ways 
• In pushback from gates and beginning to taxi forward 
(WheelTug lets airlines do this immediately) 
• In parallel parking at gates, using two doors to 
deplane and board (the WheelTug Twist) 
(It will take airlines a while to implement this one) 
Faster pit stops = 
increased earnings 
EFTA00810817
--- PAGE 13 ---
WheelTug 
Streamlined Operations 
Conventional Pushback 
Pilot 
Tug Driver 
Wingwalkers 
Ramp Supervis. 
Tower Control 
Pushback Tractor 
Towbar 
Communications Hardware 
Jet Blast Safety Margins 
Collision Safety Margins 
Pushback Clearance 
Pushback 
Communications Link Disconnection 
Pin Removal 
Ground Crew Clearance 
Engine Start Procedures 
Taxi Clearance 
WheelTug 
with WheelTug Vision 
Pilot 
Ramp Supervis. 
Tower Control 
A Collision Safety Margins 
Al 
Reverse & Taxi Clearance 
Reverse Operation 
EFTA00810818
--- PAGE 14 ---
WheelTug4%.
Ark All 
Nair 
WheelTug = Faster Pushback 
Arrival w/engines off 
Total Ground Time (TGT) 
Wheels-down to wheels-up 
Turnaround Time (TAT) 
On-block to off-block 
Servicing as normal 
Pushback without ground delay, tug or 
engine start. Engine start after exiting 
ramp area 
WheelTug can push back and drive 
forward in 60 seconds! 
NO TUG REQUIRED 
EFTA00810819
--- PAGE 15 ---
WheelTug 
k.-))40 
Faster Pushback Time = Savings 
Current 
Pushback 
Times 
98% 
completed 
a,ll 
I 
1.0 0,0,0,0 p 
4,
O,mmOmm,..m. 
Minutes 
Sourcefor6,723pushbacks, 
Every minute saved on pushback 
saves the average airline at least $150. 
WheelTug will reduce up to 30% of ground time. 
EFTA00810820
--- PAGE 16 ---
WheelTug 
k-k 
Time (minutes) 
Time Benefits 
WheelTug Enables More Flights
Non flight time 
15.00 
45.00 
Current 
....__ Taxi 
out —4
4— Gate 
time 
Taxi in —0. 
10.97 
38.03 
WheelTug 
Savings in this scenario (year 5) are 
11.01 minutes/flight of scheduled time. 
Savings from two-door (Twist) handling included. 
WheelTug pushback times are not 
only shorter, they are also more 
dependable, requiring less schedule 
padding by airlines to meet on-time 
metrics. 
With these efficiencies, WheelTug can 
open up significant schedule gains for 
any airline. 
Depending on an airline's current fleet 
and schedule, WheelTug productivity 
gains may increase 10% or more. 
EFTA00810821
--- PAGE 17 ---
WheelTug Also Reduces Costs... 
Every flight, WheelTug saves other costs... 
• Pushback (no tug or crew) 
• Fuel (main engines not running while taxiing) 
• Engine maintenance 
• Engine damage 
• Brake wear and maintenance 
...totaling more than $250/flight 
For a fleet of 100 airplanes, these ancillary savings add up —
more than $40 million, every year. 
EFTA00810822
--- PAGE 18 ---
WheelTug 
Ar'r" .-
Benefits: 
...And Adds Operational Benefits 
• 
Cuts at least 7 minutes from total ground time 
• 
Reduces fuel burn by 75+% during stop-and-go 
taxi, de-icing queues 
• 
No waiting for a tug after a weather delay 
Impacts: 
• 
Higher aircraft utilization 
• Fewer knock-on delays, crew time-outs 
• 
Fewer ground crew required 
• Happier passengers 
EFTA00810823
--- PAGE 19 ---
WheelTug 
Ark -1r
...Plus Large Environmental Benefits 
Lower Emissions in the Takeoff Queue 
Per flight fuel savings for a 5-minute queue 
assumes dual-engine @ 2.9 gal/minute 
Annual fuel savings, one plane 
4.5 turns/day @ 360 days 
Annual CO2 reduction for 1,050 aircraft: 
@ 9.6 kg CO2/gal Jet A; 1,050 = current WheelTug LOIs with airlines 
Annual CO2 reduction for 14,000 aircraft: 
hypothetical expansion across the industry — B737 / A320 only 
14.5 gal 
23,500 gal 
236,000 tonnes 
3.15M tonnes 
One B737/A320 generates the same CO2 (and NOX) as 48 cars.-
Deploying WheelTug just among those airlines that have already 
signed LOIs will be the equivalent of removing 
50,000 cars from the road for the entire year, every year. 
Adoption of WheelTug industry-wide would offer the 
equivalent of taking 670,000 million cars off the road annually. 
* https://www.epa.gov/greenvehicles/greenhouse-gas-emissions-typical-passenger-vehicle 
EFTA00810824
--- PAGE 20 ---
Arrival 
WheelTug 
k eek 
.4
W 
Future Savings: The Twist"' 
WheelTug enables parallel parking at gates (the WheelTug Twist), thus enabling use of two doors 
for faster boarding and deplaning. The Twist can save another 13-15 minutes per flight. 
Some terminals in Asia are already built with this capability. 
Total Ground Time (TGT) 
Reduced by 20-28 minutes (incl. TAT benefits) 
Turnaround Time (TAT) 
Reduced by 13 minutes' 
Passenger/Aircraft Handling 
Departure 
* Based on UniTED two-door over-the-wing operations in Denver 
EFTA00810825
--- PAGE 21 ---
WheelTug 
kkas 
Nay 
$2,500 
$1,250 
Revolutionary Impact 
Per-flight 
Benefits 
Pushback Fees $100 
Engine Wear $95 —
Fuel $55 
Two-door 
Loading $1,000 — 
Rapid Pushback $1,300 - 
Fuel Savings: $293 
Fuel Savings: $90 
■ 
WheelTug: 
$2,550 
Per-flight Fuel 
Bill: $2,250 
Per-flight Profit: 
$1,620 
Winglets 
NEO/MAX 
WheelTug 
Southwest 
Dev. Cost: 
$100M 
$10+8 
< $100 MM 
Airlines Context 
NEO/MAX and winglet savings based on 
Southwest Airlines fuel/flight @$1.50/gallon. 
SWA profits from 2017. 
Full WheelTug savings per flight ($2,550) reached in 
year 8 of Financial Model / year 6 of service. 
Savings in year 1 of service - approx. $1,120 / flight. 
EFTA00810826
--- PAGE 22 ---
WheelTug 
4rk 
Lease Model 
Calculate & 
Lease for % 
Letter of E> 
Intent 
WheelTug 
Negotiate 
Delivery 
.
of Savings 
Savings 
Minimal annual maintenance and 
no CapEx make WheelTug an easy 
financial decision for airlines. 
Renegotiate 
Payment 
Integrate 
into Airline 
Operations 
Demonstrate 
Additional 
Savings 
EFTA00810827
--- PAGE 23 ---
ti
WheelTug 
kek 
WheelTug Markets 
Initial Markets 
Boeing 737NG in service 
(6,000+) 
Airbus A320 family in service 
(7,000+) 
Future 737 and A320 planes 
(1,000+/yr), incl. MAX/neo 
Potential markets
Regional jets (Embraer, 
Bombardier, Mitsubishi) 
Larger widebody aircraft 
(B777/787, A350/380) 
Private jets and 
certain military aircraft 
EFTA00810828
--- PAGE 24 ---
Aircraft 
different markets 
Status 
Enter Service 
Retrofit? 
Removable? 
Weight (lb / kg) 
Patent families 
Savings due 
mostly to 
Est. savings / flight 
WheelTug Competition 
÷ 
WheelTug 
il 
SAFRAN 
Boeing 737-700 and -800 I. 
Other aircraft families to follow 
FAA Cert Plan Accepted 
2019 
Yes 
Yes 
300 / 135 
100+ issued 
Time 
(always valuable) 
$2,550 
Airbus 318-321 
Expansion uncertain 
Marketed, not yet re-started 
2021? 
..J 
Yes 
AM 
NO 
NM 
"I= 
880 / 400 
25-30? 
'II 
Fuel 
(lower savings if fuel is cheap) 
$150 
_J 
EFTA00810829
--- PAGE 25 ---
WheelTug 
4r'') f
The First to Fly Faster 
One more huge difference between 
WheelTug and the competition? 
WheelTug has already signed more than 
airlines representing 1,000+ aircraft 
(the competition: zero) 
EFTA00810830
--- PAGE 26 ---
WheelTug 
• 
4a-ral 
Nair 
LA13
-i 
WheelTug Timeline and Milestones 
Pre-2012 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
First 
wheetTug 
TestUnit& 
Snow Demo 
In-Wheel 
Twist 
Demonstration) 
Invented) 
d 
I) 
Cert Plan 
CertPlan
Certifialion Engineering 
Submitted 
Approved 
to FAA 
1/4., by FAA 
2018 
2019 
Certifica don 
TestProgram 
E I M 
) 
AU tatia 
J 
.  KLM 
] 
-  airberUn ) 
r -M alaysial 
"Kenya Airways ) 
Jet Ai rway—s- 1 
r
 On u r--- ) 
r Undisd. 1  
- Icelandair") 
rAir Transki 
Israir)  
OlPitorenclorT) 
Volaris ) 
HNA Group ]  
—Sun Express ) 
(Prague 
Ortrice Grp 
Airport 
(now Phixos) 
rUltra 
) 
Or:CSAT ) 
niprog 
%TAG
versan ) 
ill?rvengerp 
grarcoSemco) 
Entry 
Into 
Service 
r
ailladd
rUn 9 j
Dynamics 
WheelTug plc Proprietcry and Confidentiat, subject to Non Disclosure Agreement Dates approximate. 
HNA Group includes Hainan 
Airlines and several other 
subsidiary airlines. 
Status of airberlin slots tbd. 
EFTA00810831
--- PAGE 27 ---
WheelTug 
ksek
•11
rair 
• Certification Plan acceptance 
December 2016 
• Clear and agreed path to 
approval 
• Entry into service mid 2019 
• International certification via 
bilateral agreements 
FAA Acceptance of the Cert. Plan + 
AVENGER 
AAAAAAA 
CW SOCUTIONS 
P •
103 N. Main Street - Suite 106. Greawilk, SC 29601-2756 
(864) 232-8073 
Date. March 2, 2017 
Subject: Wheel Tug FAA Certification 
Avenger Aerospace Solutions. Inc is highly experienced at working with aerospace development 
programs and the FAA at all levels. We possess particular experience within the realm of 
Supplemental Type Certificates and other very invoked FAA projects such as OEM Style Type 
Cali 
(new aircraft) and Pans Manufacturing Authority Mew parts). For more infomuition on 
Avenger Aerospace Solutions. fed free to visit our web page at wissokyngerAcrospacr. cont. 
Our experience with the FAA is deep and thorough and I. personally. have held an FAA delegation to 
approve engineering data for over Ii0ea years. By apply mg for a Supplemental Type Cenilicate, 
receiving a Project Number from the Sank M-O. and now with the completed FAA acceptance on 
the Project Specific Cenification Plan. Whattug is on track to secure its Supplanental Type 
Certificate for the Wheeling system on the 737NG family of aircraft, and then on other aircraft 
models in the frame as well. 
We have been working with the Wheeling tam since the middle of 2015. In our opinion, the team 
possesses all of die capability necessary to execute the technical plumes of the certification project and 
has exercised great diligence and a - working together attitude with all teammates invoked. I have 
full confidence this will continue until MI FAA certification is obtained. 
The purpose of the Project Specific Catification Plan is to have an agreement between Whetting and 
the FAA on an tocepiable path to cenificatien of the Wheeling product. With n Cat Plan that has 
now been egad upon by the FAA. our CUSIOTC13 have experienced a 99% SW issuance rate. In only 
a tangle InalanCC In our hiuory NI% an apillInCd l'Ser n04 iblifflAtli by C‘Cninal FAA approval and 
entry into service and that particular instinct was generated by a customer oriented budgetary concern 
(business case) and was nor due to any technology issue. FAA prohibition, etc. In other words, the 
FAA typically adheres to the PSCP and if they have agreed to this plan as the path to succm, they will 
COM nine to do so fin the duration of the project. In the end, our COSItantla Mt always provided a path 
forward to completion of die project. will obtain FAA certification and have the pmduct entered into 
sen ice once the PSCP is approved and that has now taken place With all dncustions with the FAA 
taken into consideration that have occurred thus far. it is our expert opinion that WheelTug will 
similarly succeed. 
Dand 
President 
Avenger Aerospace Solutions. Inc. 
EFTA00810832
--- PAGE 28 ---
WheelTug 
•14, 
WheelTug Program Team 
With WheelTug or parent since 1992. Oversight of 
Systems & finance 
Commercial Director of 
development, finance, and strategy. Responsible for 
shareholder, industry, and partner relationships 
)
Former 
expert (Nike, IBM, 
ABS Jets, Strategic Director 
Mercedes Benz, Intel) 
Czech Airlines, Vice-Minister of 
(Princeton). 
(UPenn). 
Defense (Czech). 
(ternal WheelTug Team 
Chairman/CFO 
CEO 
Rodney Cox 
Isaiah Cox 
Accounting 
Investor 
Quality & 
Program 
Team 
Relations 
Safety 
Manager 
Mark Lardas 
Joseph Cox 
Former tech. director 
and principal engineer, 
DRS Avionics. 
Manufacturing & Des'gn 
• Avenger (Certification 
• Aversan (Cockpit) 
• Ultra (Control Electronics) 
• Phixos (Software) 
• TAG (Test/Maint. Procedures) 
• HarcoSemco (Wiring) 
• Stirling Dynamics (LG Analysis) 
• CSAT (Test Measurement etc.) 
• Air Transat (Test Aircraft) 
• Kalco Machine (Mfg.) 
• Other non-disclosed partners 
Chief Engineer 
John Hanson 
Mechanical 
Engineer 
Corporate 
Support 
FAA 
DERs 
In-Service 
Operations 
Jan Vana 
Patent 
Team 
WheelTug Vision: 
(taxi camera) 
 • Fokker Services 
• Dresden / FTI 
Airline/Airport Operations 
• Undisclosed training organization 
• Czech Air Navigation Services (ATC Proc.) 
• Prague Airport (Airport Procedures) 
• Czech Technical University (airport ops) 
• Ongoing discussions with many airports 
IT 
Legal 
Industry & 
Corp. Lawyers 
rroauct Lust. bupport 
In discussion with regional 
organizations 
Expert Advisory Groups 
• General Group: 
>250 people. Includes 
shareholders, lessors, 
pilots, contractors, & 
former airline/airport CEOs 
• Marketing Group: 
Agents worldwide for 
hundreds of airlines 
• Investment Agents 
EFTA00810833
--- PAGE 29 ---
WheelTug 
ka
ir
Recent Press 
Daily Updates. Access Anywhere 
WheelTug Begins E-Taxi Certification And Promises 
Pushback Savings 
Graham Warwick I Aviation Week el Space Technology 
au 
in SKAR 
G.' 
ReConwmtnd <2j4 
CnaWaNT0. 
A push please 
Motorised nose wheels will let 
planes leave gates by themselves 
The 
Economist 
WheelTug has begun work to complete development of itselectric taxi system. after the 
FAA signed off on its certification plan. Aiming for FAA approval on the Boeing 737NG by 
T lOURNAI DE I 'AVIATION r 
WheelTug entame son programme de 
certification avec le feu vert de la FAA 
Emil* Drab 
Orsenum Nuys Nwyq ore Oats taught. 
WheelTug touts taxi system's time savings 
Graham *nut I ATWONUS 
aorta 
muneMUM 
<Wary. Whonalluct alocbu tau 
Systam 
WheelTog has Intsn work to 
oompleir clock/Anvil, of ii 
ekviric la•i ,ytternafirr FA 
G. 
seatutats 
Jan .0 :Ott 
OPAMENTS 0 
FlightGlobal 
WheelTug reveals timeframe for 
planned service entry 
Electric taxi specialist WheelTug expects as nose wheel drive 
AWN 
WheelTug Receives FAA Go-Ahead for 
Airplane E-Taxi System Certification Plans 
HOSPODARSICE NOVINY 
Praiske tetiite miiie mit jako prvni na svelte pfevratnou 
novinku v pohybu letadel po pink 
A 
Marek Maer reclaim( 
12. 12. 2016 00:00 (aktuauzovano 12:26) 
udatosa 
ilk 10 
EFTA00810834
--- PAGE 30 ---
Extensive Patent Protection 
WheelTug holds well over 100 issued patents, 
providing worldwide protection for our 
intellectual property and product. 
Dozens more patent applications are pending. 
We continue to apply for further patents in 
multiple jurisdictions worldwide. 
In 2017 alone, WheelTug was granted 27 patents. 
EFTA00810835
--- PAGE 31 ---
WheelTug 
k ek 
SW 
Pro Forma 
WheelTug Aircraft in Service 
millions USD 
2000 
2500 
1757 
1500 
2000 
Existing Backlog: 
1500 
1000 
1,072 Aircraft 
831 
1000 
500 
229 
500 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Total Cash Flows 
1,615.9 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2018 
Cash Expenses 
$ -0.97 
Total Revenue 
-Cash Flow 
Estimated EPS 
2019 
-0.38 
(6.93M issued) 
2020 
9.09 
2021 
62.09 
2022 
264.12 
WheelTug Confidential 
EFTA00810836
--- PAGE 32 ---
WheelTug 
Development & Certification Expenses 
Product 
Development 
$8,141,333 
of which: 
Mgmt + Team 
$0.6 
Wheel Engineering 0.9 
Landing Gear Eng. 
4.4 
Testing + Other 
2.2 
Total Development and 
Certification Cost: $11.8 MM 
(2018-2019) 
Production Setup 
Expense 
$170,000 
Entry into Service 
$870,000 
Sales & 
Marketing 
$615,000 
General & 
Administrative 
$920,000 
Patent Expenses 
$1,120,000 
WheelTug Confidential 
EFTA00810837
--- PAGE 33 ---
WheelTug 
4rk 
2022 Operating Cash Flow 
Chart Figures in 
Millions USD 
Spares: 95.9 
Production: 252.4 
SG&A: 338.2 
_
_ 
M 
Security 
Deposits: 217.5 
All Leases: 2,194.8 
Costs: 
Revenues: 
$686.5 
$2,412.3 
1,757 WheelTug Systems 
in Service by the End of 2022 
WheelTug Confidential
 Confidential 
EFTA00810838
--- PAGE 34 ---
WheelTug 
714 
r)fr 
2004 
Invention 
of concept 
Summary 
Value 
• Ground efficiency 
vital 
• WheelTug Ground 
time reduction: 
up to 30% 
• Savings/aircraft: 
$2+ million/yr 
2004-2016 
Development 
' of technology 
Technology 
• Unique capability 
• 100+ issued patents, 
30+ pending 
2018 
Certification & 
Production Ramp-up 
$12M investment 
FAA Accepted 
• Cert Plan: 
December 2016 
• Clear path to service 
Challenges for Potential Competitors 
2019+ 
2022 Revenue: 
$2+ billion/yr 
Net Income Margin: 75% 
Backlog 
• 1,000+ aircraft 
(- 7% of market) 
• Market growth: 
1000 aircraft/year 
Unique 
Capability 
Technical 
Strong IP 
Certification 
Alliances 
Protection 
Process 
EFTA00810839
--- PAGE 35 ---
WheelTug 
4rk .4
Investment Opportunity 
• We are seeking to raise $12 million to fund the remaining 
certification testing and FAA approval for the Boeing 737NG family. 
• We're open to a variety of deal structures, including revenue 
purchase plans. 
• Strategic deals that will raise these funds are in the works. Until 
they close, we'll continue with large and mid-size investors - the 
same way we always have. 
• We welcome your interest and participation. 
• Let's talk! exec@wheeltug.com 
www.wheeltug.com 
Forward-looking statement available at http://www.wheeltug.com/fls.shtml 
EFTA00810840
--- PAGE 36 ---
Wheel, 
Ar 
WheelTug Makes Flying Faster 
Note: While our product will first go into semice for the 737NG family, no endorsement by Boeing is implied. 
EFTA00810841

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810842.pdf
----------------------------------------
A push please 
Motorised nose wheels will let 
planes leave gates by themselves 
They will no longer need to wait for a tug 
mania 
• 
WAtiljulas 
il•MES.1 
ID Print edition I Science and technology 
The 
Economist 
Dec 14th 2017 
THE frustrations of air travel are many and varied: enduring the scrum to board; 
rummaging for room in the overhead lockers; waiting patiently for "the last two 
remaining passengers" to be extracted from the shops. After all that, those on the 
aircraft often find that it has failed to push back from the gate in time to meet its 
take-off slot. Because, under their own power, planes can only go forward, they rely 
on a tug when reversing from a gate. If such is not available, has lost its driver or 
has broken down, at the gate the plane must stay. 
This may soon change, though. WheelTug, a company in Gibraltar, has spent over a 
decade developing electric motors to drive an aircraft's nose wheel. This month it 
employed Stirling Dynamics, an engineering firm in Bristol, England, to help 
prepare the device for certification by air-safety authorities. It has tested a 
prototype and hopes its motorised wheels will be available in 2019 for fitting onto 
versions of the Boeing 737, and later onto other aircraft. The company says 22 
airlines are already keen. 
EFTA00810842
--- PAGE 2 ---
In theory, planes could leave gates using 
the reverse-thrust baffles deployed to slow 
them during landing. This, though, would 
mean revving the engines up so much that 
it would be safe neither for ground staff nor 
for other aircraft in the vicinity. So, some 
sort of system would still be needed to 
manoeuvre aircraft when they were near 
the terminal. Motorised nose wheels are 
just that, says Isaiah Cox, WheelTug's boss. Using them planes could push back and 
taxi to the runway with their engines ticking over. This would, Mr Cox says, reduce 
noise, save fuel and cut emissions. 
The WheelTug incorporates the elements of an electric motor, such as the stator 
and the rotor, inside the hub of each of the 737's twin nose wheels. Instead of a 
battery, these motors draw current directly from the auxiliary power-unit, a small 
generator in the rear of an airliner that is used on the ground to run its electrical 
services. For a long taxi, they can also take power from the generators driven by the 
aircraft's jet engines. 
A rival idea is the TaxiBot, developed by Israel Aerospace Industries. This is a semi-
autonomous tug with a hybrid diesel-electric motor that is controlled directly by a 
plane's pilot, who can use it to drive the aircraft from the gate to the runway with 
the jet engines switched off. The TaxiBot is already used at Frankfurt airport, but 
means planes still rely on the services of another machine. A motorised nose wheel 
provides independence, although it also adds weight—and therefore increases fuel 
consumption. But the value of the time saved by faster pushbacks would more than 
compensate for that. Passengers do not mind how they depart, as long as they do so 
promptly. 
This article appeared in the Science and technology section of the 
print edition under the headline "When push comes to shove" 
Mt 
Et no it 
Dec 14th 2017 
EFTA00810843

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810844.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
DRESDEN AEROSPACE 
WheelTug 
DRIVING AEROSPACE 
Crn 
transat 
WHEELTUG PLC TO PROVIDE PILOTS 360-DEGREE VIEW 
WheelTug VisionTM Aircraft Camera System Announced 
Gibraltar, 2 May 2018 — Numerous automobiles come with cameras that assist their 
drivers when reversing. Why don't commercial aircraft offer pilots the same capability? 
WheelTug plc are pleased to announce the introduction of WheelTug Vision (WTV), a 
new camera sensor system for aircraft. Developed in cooperation with several partners, 
WTV will serve as a highly useful complement to the company's WheelTug® electric taxi 
system. 
WTV will offer pilots excellent situational awareness during ground manoeuvres, 
especially in congested ramp areas. WTV will provide a 360° view from cameras and 
sensors mounted on the aircraft and display it on the Electronic Flight Bag used by pilots. 
This full-field display will reduce the likelihood of accidents and their attendant injuries, 
costs, and delays. 
This is the first such solution available for commercial aviation, and it will significantly 
improve the efficiency of aircraft ground operations. More and more airlines now realize 
that in today's market, improving ground operations can result in a true competitive 
advantage. 
Two industry partners will certify and supply WTV in accordance with WheelTug 
requirements. Dresden Aerospace AG and FTI Engineering Network GmbH are joining 
to provide one product, and GKN Fokker Services have agreed to offer a second system. 
Demonstrator units from both companies will be on display later this year at a presentation 
co-hosted by WheelTug and Air Transat, the WheelTug launch customer. 
WheelTug will offer WTV as an option alongside its WheelTug e-taxi system, which is 
currently under certification for the Boeing 737NG aircraft family. Entry into service for 
both WTV and WheelTug e-taxi is expected in 2019. Airlines continue to show strong 
interest in WheelTug, as more than 20 airlines worldwide — including three just this year 
- have now reserved nearly 1,100 delivery positions for WheelTug. 
Isaiah Cox, WheelTug CEO, comments: "We are excited to work with such renowned 
industry partners on a technology that we see as a great multiplier of our e-taxi solution. 
EFTA00810844
--- PAGE 2 ---
Airlines will benefit greatly from more efficient ground operations and the other benefits 
unlocked by WheelTug and WTV. We see daily that ramp areas are a bottleneck at many 
airports, and the significant safety and efficiency improvements WheelTug will provide 
are long overdue. We look forward to bringing our solutions to the aviation market soon." 
About WheelTug plc 
Based in Gibraltar, WheelTug plc are developing the WheelTug aircraft electric drive 
system. The WheelTug system consists of high-performance electric motors installed in 
the nose gear wheels of an aircraft. These motors provide full mobility and enhanced 
autonomy to an aircraft on the ground. A full listing of WheelTug partner companies 
and airline customers is on the company's website at http://www.wheeltug.gi.
Forward-looking statement at http://www.wheeltug.gi/fls.shtml 
For more information: 
Jan Vana 
Dir ct r • Wh IT 
lc 
• www.wheeltug.gi 
About Dresden Aerospace & FTI Engineering Network GmbH 
Dresden Aerospace AG was established as an LLC in 2015 by aerospace engineers 
with long-standing professional experience in various aspects of aircraft manufacturing 
and modification. The LLC was then converted into a Stock Company in 2016. The 
technical know-how of the Dresden Aerospace team may be found in multiple 
cooperative projects with industry leaders such as Airbus, United Aircraft Corporation, 
and their suppliers, with a sharp focus on structural engineering and business process 
management in the aerospace industry. www.dresden-aerospace.com 
FTI is a German company founded in 2001. We specialize in the development and 
production of aircraft security video systems for passenger and freighter aircraft. The 
systems are used to monitor inside and outside the aircraft, during flight and on the 
ground. FTI offers full turnkey solutions from the individual system components to the 
evaluation software. The certification of aircraft modifications is another part of our 
portfolio. We are certified as Design Organization DOA: EASA.21J and Production 
Organization for cabin systems according to POA: DE.21G. Since 2018 FTI is a 
member of the peiker Group. http://www.ftigroup.net 
Dresden Aerospace and FTI are proud to bring in their know how as partners in the 
pioneering Wheeltug development program. 
EFTA00810845
--- PAGE 3 ---
About GKN Aerospace 
GKN Aerospace is the world's leading multi-technology tier 1 aerospace supplier. As a 
global company serving the world's leading aircraft manufacturers, GKN Aerospace 
develops, builds and supplies an extensive range of advanced aerospace systems, 
components and technologies- for use in aircraft ranging from helicopters and business 
jets to the most used single aisle aircraft and the largest passenger planes in the world. 
Lightweight composites, additive manufacturing, innovative engine systems and smart 
transparencies help to reduce emissions and weight on the aircraft and enhance 
passenger comfort. 
GKN Fokker Services is an aerospace services provider, supporting a wide range of 
commercial and defense aircraft. Services range from Type Certificate Holder-related 
product support to component availability programs to a wide range of aircraft owners 
and operators. 
GKN Aerospace is market leading in aerostructures, engine systems, transparencies 
and wiring systems and operates in 14 countries at 51 manufacturing locations 
employing approximately 17,000 people. http://www.gkn.com 
About Air Transat 
Air Transat is Canada's number one holiday travel airline in the Canadian and 
transatlantic markets. Every year, it carries some 4.5 million passengers to 
approximately 60 destinations in 26 countries. Based in Montreal, the company employs 
more than 3000 people and operates a fleet of Boeing narrow-body and Airbus wide-
body jets. In 2017, Air Transat was named Best North American Leisure Airline for the 
sixth consecutive year by Skytrax. In recent years, the carrier has earned multiple 
distinctions for its efforts to reduce its environmental footprint. Since 2011, it has 
consistently been ranked number one in North America for energy efficiency, and in the 
Top 20 worldwide, by the Atmosfair Airline Index. Air Transat is a business unit of 
Transat A.T. Inc. a leading integrated international tourism company active in air 
transportation, accommodation, travel packaging and distribution. Transat was awarded 
Travelife Partner status in 2016 in recognition of its commitment to sustainable 
development. 
EFTA00810846

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810847.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRIVING AEROSPACE 
flydubai and WheelTug Sign Option Agreement 
WheelTug Expands Again in 2018 
flydubai looking at efficiencies available from new technologies 
Gibraltar, 23 July 2018 - WheelTug plc, the aviation electric taxi innovator, and Dubai-based 
airline flydubai have signed an agreement to reserve up to 60 WheelTug systems for flydubai's 
fleet of Boeing 737 MAX 8 and Next-Generation Boeing 737-800 aircraft. 
With this agreement, the total number of WheelTug systems reserved is now well over 1,100. 
Worldwide, two dozen airlines have signed with WheelTug. 
The WheelTug system uses high-performance electric motors, installed in the nose gear wheels 
of an aircraft, to provide full mobility and enhanced autonomy while on the ground. Pilots can 
drive pushback and taxi operations themselves without having to use tugs or the aircraft's jet 
engines. WheelTug will enable flydubai to help make its ground operations more efficient and 
reliable, leading to lower costs and improved fleet utilisation. 
WheelTug CEO Isaiah Cox said, "We at WheelTug are delighted to add flydubai, and look 
forward to WheelTug systems delivering time, engine, fuel, and environmental benefits to their 
fleet." 
"With its innovative use of technology, we look forward to seeing what efficiencies WheelTug's 
systems can bring to flydubai's fleet of 61 aircraft," said Mick Hills, Senior Vice President 
Engineering and Maintenance at flydubai. 
About WheelTug plc 
Based in Gibraltar, WheelTug plc is developing the WheelTug aircraft electric drive system. A full listing 
of WheelTug partner companies and airline customers is on the company's website at 
http://www.wheeltug.gi Forward-looking statement at http://www.wheeltug.gi/fls.shtml 
For more information: 
Jan Vana 
Director 
WheelTug plc 
exec@wheeltug.gi www.wheeltug.gi 
EFTA00810847

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810848.pdf
----------------------------------------
MINETURBINE - WHITEPAPER 
MineTurbine 
About Us 
Using our years of experience in crypto mining we offer our customers a Proven Design 
built for heavy duty professional mining. 
Mineturbine designed technology is based on the practical experience of experts. 
Our special Propriety configuration is built for cost effective with advanced cooling 
solutions and fast, easy upgrade helping our clients get the best ROI. 
We set our goal to have none compromising quality and performance with the best 
energy consumption. Our monitoring system combined with our unique maintenance 
service gives our clients the ability to relax and cut on their man power while our 
advanced control system is making sure everything is working at their farm. 
Company site: www.mineturbine.com 
Advantage 
Our system advantages: 
We have designed a machine that will light the eyes of every crypto mining business. 
• 
For starters, we made an intimate and unique collaboration with Bitfury. 
Getting the top ASIC technology for our machine, and sharing information with the 
number one company in the market. 
• 
We offer the Client the strongest Hash rate power you can get (over 230 THs) 
• 
Easy, fast and affordable upgrade — with our system design, upgrade comes only to 
changing your hash board cards, making it affordable plus very fast return on you ROI. 
While at other machines you need to buy a new one. 
• 
Plug & Play —we give the client the strongest machines in the market ready to work. 
No need for a long IT setup. Just roll your machine to place connect and start working. 
• 
Smarts Control Panel — our 24/7 monitoring will verify that the farm is working properly. 
Giving our clients the option to save on their man power. 
• 
Get service anywhere. 
• 
Smart advanced cooling system. 
J 
EFTA00810848
--- PAGE 2 ---
MINETURBINE - WHITEPAPER 
MineTurbine 
The Team 
Nadav Louzon 
Chief Executive Officer 
Nadav is the Chief Executive Officer for the Mineturbine 
LLC. Nadav brings more than 15 years of experience 
in software integration and R&D at the iOT and wireless 
division at Intel innovation and other global big 
companies. Engineering and designing of 
multidiscipline electronic products. Prior to Mineturbine 
foundation, he was one of the start-up management 
team members of Tercio LLC as the CEO and led the 
software R&D teams in Ukraine developing web-based 
software and Android applications include VOIP, 
financing. Electronics and connectivity devices. Prior to 
Tercio LLC, he gave consulting to many companies and 
helped them get fast and cost wise to a working 
prototype. 
Nadav holds a BSc in electronic engineering from HIT. 
Avi Hen 
Chief Technology Officer 
Avi Hen is the Chief Technology Officer for the 
Mineturbine LLC 
Experience: Project Manager, Systems Engineer and 
developer at international defense corporation. 
More than 15 years of experience in electronics 
industries as well Heavy Duty equipment for military and 
civilian systems. 
Including stage of requirement definition, through the 
development of hardware, software and mechanics, 
continuing to documentation, literature, complete 
procurement, assembly, testing and delivery to the 
customer, and ending with training and further support 
during and after the period of warranty He graduated 
from HIT with BSc in electronic engineering. 
EFTA00810849
--- PAGE 3 ---
MINETURBINE — WHITEPAPER 
Stt• 
Mine Turbine 
Mor Vaknin 
Chief Marketing Officer 
Mor Vaknin is the Chief Technology Officer for the 
Mineturbine LLC. Mor brings more than 15 years of 
experience in global software web-based R&D, 
engineering and designing of multidiscipline electronic 
products. Prior he founded Mineturbine, he was one of 
the start-up management team members of Tercio LLC as 
the CTO and led the software R&D teams in Ukraine 
developing web-based software and Android applications 
include VOIP, financing. Electronics and connectivity 
devices. Prior to Tercio LLC, he served as management 
team members of Tacticonn startup of software & 
Hardware for military sector. He graduated from HIT with 
BSc in electronic engineering. 
MineTurbine 
Ctrac+srelcIneecom 
MineThrbIne 
Nadav Louzon 
CEO 
Mineturbine LLC 
Israel 
w: 
mineturbine.com e: 
Avi Hen 
Chief Technology Officer 
Mineturhine LLC 
Israel: 
w: 
inineturbine.com e: 
Ukraine: 
EFTA00810850

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810851.pdf
----------------------------------------
Because of my strong interest in Art History I would like to attend New York University, 
where I feel the dynamic Art History Department would be a great fit for me. Coming from 
an international background, and having lived in four different countries at the age of 
eighteen, I also believe that the international dimensions of NYU will provide the best 
environment for my college years. 
What makes NYU's Art History department stand out to me is it's extremely wide range of 
courses in global art from antiquity to the present. Covering art history from multiple corners 
of the world. My favourite subject matter within Art History is Italian Renaissance art and the 
rich history behind it. Especially masters of the 15th century ranging from Massacio to 
Bellini. Therefore, NYU's courses such as Early masters of Italian Renaissance painting and 
Florentine Villas: An Interpretation Based on Historical, Social Factors would be an excellent 
match for my enthusiasm within these subjects. What draws me in, is not only the visual 
aesthetics and analysis of these masterpieces, but also how these artworks and the renaissance 
as a whole has enormous emphasis on scientific innovation, political, historic, and economic 
factors which brings me to my interest in the Global Liberal Arts programme. Therefore, 
NYU's unique campus in Florence would give me a once in lifetime opportunity to spend a 
year in Florence immersing myself in the art, culture and history of Italy that is compelling 
and personal to me, while simultaneously working towards a bachelor degree in Art History. 
NYU's emphasis on international courses, campuses and students is another reason that I 
think NYU would be an appropriate place for me based on my international background 
having lived and studied in Oslo, Tel Aviv, New York and London. NYU could potentially 
allow me to not only further my international dimensions by studying in Florence but also 
open opportunities to explore Asia and the Middle East through its campuses in Shanghai and 
Abu-Dhabi. 
Lastly, the opportunity to study in New York City returning to the place where I've spent 
most of my Childhood and where my mother will be posted as 
Ambassador to the 
UN in January 2019 is a very exciting possibility for me. 
EFTA00810851
--- PAGE 2 ---
Taking advantage of being based in central London for the past year I've completed the 
Chairmans Programme at Christies, work experience at Courtauld Gallery and I will be 
Maddox in the near future. I want to hopefully utilise being based in New York City the same 
way, obtaining experience in the art world and also broaden my knowledge within 
contemporary as theres no better place to do that than New York. Finally, I have chosen to 
apply to early decision 1 and NYU being the only American university that I will be applying 
to I feel as though NYU is the most suitable place for me. 
EFTA00810852

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810853.pdf
----------------------------------------
Coming from an international background, and having lived in Oslo, Tel Aviv, New 
York and London by the age of eighteen, I believe that the international profile of 
NYU will provide the best environment for my college education, with the added 
benefit of returning to the place where I've spent most of my childhood and where my 
mother will be posted as 
Ambassador to the UN in January 2019. 
NYU's Art History department appeals to me because of its wide range of courses, 
from the global art of antiquity to the contemporary. My passion is the Italian 
Renaissance and the rich history behind it, especially the works of 15th century 
masters such as Masaccio and Bellini. Some of the courses that NYU offers such as 
"Early masters of Italian Renaissance painting" and "Florentine Villas: An 
Interpretation Based on Historical, Social Factors" are, therefore appealing to me. 
What I find exciting, is not only the visual aesthetics and analysis of these 
masterpieces, but also the manner in which the Renaissance emphasised scientific and 
economic innovation, areas of study the Global Liberal Arts programme would offer. 
NYU's unique campus in Florence would give me a once in lifetime opportunity to 
spend a year immersing myself in the art, culture and history of Italy. This would be 
an exciting experience to have while studying for a Bachelor's degree in Art History, 
and would compliment my main interests in the subject. 
As one of the prime cultural centres in the world, NYU's location in NYC is the 
perfect place to broaden knowledge within contemporary art. I am very much looking 
forward to visiting the Whitney Biennia this May. In addition the New museum, 
which shows a lot of the kind of work I find interesting is a short walk away from 
campus. 
Taking advantage of being based in central London for the past year, I have completed 
the Chairman's Programme at Christies, work experience at the Courtauld Gallery and 
I will be working at Maddox Gallery in the near future. Similarly, I want to take 
advantage of being based in NYC to gain as much experience as possible. I have 
chosen to apply Early Decision to NYU as it is the only American university I will be 
applying to, as there is no better place to obtain experience of the contemporary art 
world than New York City. 
EFTA00810853
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00810854

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810855.pdf
----------------------------------------
Why do I want to work for Jeffrey? 
The future as a building. It consists of different bricks. To build it you need to put 
a lot of effort, attention and diligence. Role of the foundation performs contact 
with the right people. So, why do I want to work for Jeffrey? 
I was pondering about this question because I will never have a chance to start 
again. This is like the beginning of the way, taking care in continue to rely on an 
excellent future. At our first meeting or rather at the first conversation, you gave 
me a red clock and said "fix it," I decided that it was something like a test to check 
how smart I am and was very worried at that moment. Worried not from ignorance 
how to fix the clock but from the fact that I can lose such, albeit small, but a 
chance to prove myself. One of the reasons why I want to work with you is 
training and developing myself from all sides on real experience and your 
incredibly necessary advices. I usually listen advices but do not always perceive it. 
But what about yours its totally different thing. I take it properly in the 
understanding that "you must do this= 
because it is very important to be 
directed to the right path by such an experienced intelligent and successful person. 
I want to be able to do anything, I want to learn new things every day, I want to see 
the world, people, their lifes, I want to discover new skills and share them with 
you. When I saw your team (another reason for my desire to work with you), I was 
just amazed and at the time of departure, I was very motivated. 
showed me 
how important it is to be smart and to understand many things, Mhowed how 
much a woman can be a woman, her energy and strength. I want to learn all of this 
and even more. 
I understand that a single desire to achieve this goal is not enough. I need certain 
actions and the return to which I am 100% ready! 
EFTA00810855

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810856.pdf
----------------------------------------
Wiin 2017 
System description 
Sep 2017 
EFTA00810856
--- PAGE 2 ---
The System 
Fully automated low frequency algorithm sampling 50 instruments. 
Instruments such as Fx commodities and indices, on a tic basis, generating a 
trading signal which is automatically executed. 
EFTA00810857
--- PAGE 3 ---
System Design 
Price 
j 
CEP 
Simulator 
Risk 
Mgmt 
Prime 
Broker
EFTA00810858
--- PAGE 4 ---
The Algorithm 
The algorithm produces 64 strategies per instrument with two scales 
• 
Time frame 
o 
From 1 Minute candles to 24 hours candles 
• 
Strategy sensitivity 
o 
From 1 to 8 where 1 is the most solid statistically 
Each of the 64 strategies or all of them could be configured to execute strategies 
per instrument. The strategies are carefully selected according to a backtest 
simulation based on real market past prices. 
EFTA00810859
--- PAGE 5 ---
Algorithm example 
During 2016 
NZDCHF 
day interval 
strategy 5 
EFTA00810860
--- PAGE 6 ---
The Simulator 
A stand alone machine with simulation abilities of specific strategy or a variety of 
strategies with the ability to simulate a specific or multiple instruments. 
The simulator is being synchronized with actual past tic pricing and has the ability 
to present simulated performance including drawdowns. 
It also has the ability to present aggregated exposures on an instrument level and 
the entire portfolio. 
EFTA00810861
--- PAGE 7 ---
Current system settings and Performance 
Currently, after comprehensive analysis the system is configured only on a 
strategy 1 and includes certain time frames of 1 minute and 1 day-
Backtesting outcome is similar to the real performance which generated 
• 
197 trades in the past 6 months from which 154 were profitable, a 78% 
success ratio 
• 
32M worth of volume which generated 4% realized profit. 
EFTA00810862
--- PAGE 8 ---
H1 of 2017 performance 
GI vrad..... 
Ce. 
It • 
in • • 
r • • 
Average monthly 
return 0.7% 
Average monthly 
STD 0.7% 
Portfolio max 
Leverage 1 
Average leverage 
0.4 
EFTA00810863
--- PAGE 9 ---
PnL and Volume distribution 2017 
a PnL 
ii Volume 
• GBP/JPY 
• EUR/CAD 
• USD/SEK 
• GBP/USD 
a NZD/JPY 
• EUR/NZO 
II USD/JPY 
• USD/NON 
• EUR/USO 
EFTA00810864
--- PAGE 10 ---
Margin Management 
10% of fund capital is currently allocated for trading and generating the returns. 
Rest of the funds are secured in Barclays UK. 
Effective return from the margin allocated for trading for H1 2017 is 40%. 
EFTA00810865

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810866.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF TERMS 
The following information is intended as a summary of certain key proposed terms and conditions 
of the agreement of limited partnership of The Fund. This summary is intended to form the basis 
for further discussions regarding a potential investment in the Fund by one or more third-party 
investors. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to a definitive limited partnership 
agreement that would be drafted to reflect final agreed upon terms and conditions. 
Structure: 
Term: 
Investment Objectives: 
Management of the Fund: 
Capital Contributions: 
Distributions: 
The fund will be organized as a Delaware limited partnership. 
The Fund will have a ten-year term. After a liquidity event, the 
fund shall distribute any proceeds, as cash or in kind, as soon as 
practicable. 
The Fund is being organized to provide a limited number of select 
investors (the "Limited Partners") with an opportunity to realize 
substantial long-term capital appreciation. The Fund will invest, 
directly or indirectly, whether through an intermediate investment 
entity or otherwise, only or primarily in the securities of Tencent 
Music Entertainment Group, a Cayman corporation (the 
"Company"), its affiliates and any spin-out companies therefrom. 
The Fund will be managed by its general partner, a Delaware 
limited liability company (the "General Partner"). 
The total committed capital of the Fund (and any affiliated or 
associated investment funds) is expected to be up to USD 
$50,000,000. It is anticipated that all of each first closing Limited 
Partner's capital commitment for investment, directly or indirectly, 
in the Company will be due on or shortly following the first closing 
of the Fund, along with any management and organizational fees. 
A portion of net recognized capital gains and net ordinary income 
sufficient to pay income taxes resulting from such gains and 
income may be distributed to the Partners annually in the 
proportions that such income is allocated to the Partners. 
All other distributions shall be effected so that the General Partner 
receives the product of the General Partner's partnership 
percentage and the total amount to be distributed, with the 
remainder of such distributions to the Partners on a cumulative 
basis as follows: 100% to the Limited Partners in proportion to 
their capital contributions until they have received distributions 
(including tax distributions) equal to their aggregate contributed 
capital; thereafter, distributions will be made 90% to all Limited 
Partners in proportion to their capital contributions and 10% to the 
General Partner. 
GDSVF&W3225588.3 
EFTA00810866
--- PAGE 2 ---
Management Fee: 
Fund Expenses: 
Investment Restrictions: 
Indemnification: 
Reports and Meetings: 
The General Partner, or its designee, will provide management and 
administrative services to the Fund. For its services, the General 
Partner, or its designee, will receive a one-off management fee 
equal to 3.0% of the Fund's initial contributed capital, payable at 
closing. From the management fee, the General Partner or its 
designee shall pay all normal operating expenses of the General 
Partner or its designee, including salaries, wages and rent. 
The Fund will bear all expenses incident to the organization of the 
Fund, the General Partner and related entities. In addition, the 
Fund shall also bear all costs incurred in connection with operation 
of its business, including those costs associated with holding or sale 
of securities; all legal, audit, registration, financial fees; the cost of 
Fund meetings; and any extraordinary expenses of the Fund. 
Without the approval of a majority in interest of the Limited 
Partners, the Fund will not invest directly or indirectly in any issuer 
other than the Company and any affiliate or spin-out or spin-off 
entity of the Company. 
The Fund will indemnify the General Partner, its members, 
employees, agents and affiliates against claims, liabilities, costs 
and expenses (including legal fees, judgments and amounts paid in 
settlement) as incurred, in connection with their activities on behalf 
of, or their association with, the Fund; provided that the person 
seeking such indemnification has acted in good faith in what such 
persons believed to be the best interests of the Fund and did not 
engage in willful malfeasance. 
Limited Partners will receive within 90 days, or as soon as 
practicable following the end of each year unaudited financial 
statements of the Fund and an annual review providing financial 
information for the Fund's investment in each of the portfolio 
companies of the Fund. In addition, each Limited Partner will be 
provided annually with an IRS Schedule K-1 and such other 
information as may reasonably be requested by such Limited 
Partner as necessary for the completion of federal income tax 
returns. 
GDSVF&W3225588.3 
EFTA00810867

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810868.pdf
----------------------------------------
WIRE TRANSFER FORM 
NautilusThink Inc 
360 IV 36th Street, 7S 
New York, NY 10018 
646-239-6858 
Bank Name: 
Bank Address: 
JP Morgan Chase 
1411 Broadway 
New York, NY 10018 
Bank Account Name: 
NautilusThink Inc 
Bank Acct. Number: 
1BAN: 
Bank ABA#/Sort Code: 
021000021 
Bank Swift Code: 
EFTA00810868

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810869.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
Insured Aircraft Title Service, LLC 
S 
E. Main Street, Suite 100, 
• 
73104 
FAX: 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR USD PAYMENTS TO BANK OF AMERICA 
U.S. & INTERNATIONAL WIRE TRANSFERS 
BENEFICIARY BANK: 
BANK OF AMERICA 
ABA HEM= 
211 N Robinson Ave, Oklahoma City, OK 73102 
SWIFT 
CREDIT: 
INSURED AIRCRAFT TITLE SERVICE 
ACCOUNT 4-
E. Main Street, Suite 100, Oklahoma City, OK 
73104 PHONE ADVISE: Kirk Woford 
REFERENCE: 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION AND SERIAL NUMBER 
FUNDS HELD IN ESCROW ARE NON-INTEREST BEARING 
ESCROW FEES MUST BE PAID AT CLOSING. A MINIMUM $150.00 FEE 
WILL BE ASSESSED FOR AN UNSUCCESSFULLY CLOSED ESCROW. 
ESCROW DEPOSITS RECEIVED ARE CONSIDERED REFUNDABLE TO THE DEPOSITOR UNTIL WE ARE 
NOTIFIED OTHERWISE BY THE DEPOSITOR OR UNTIL WE ARE IN RECEIPT OF A PURCHASE 
AGREEMENT THAT HAS BEEN EXECUTED BY BOTH PURCHASER AND SELLER OUTLINING THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FUNDS HELD IN ESCROW. 
EFTA00810869

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810870.pdf
----------------------------------------
LR CIVIL TRIAL & APPELLATE LAW 
LINK& 
ROCKEN BACH, PA 
Wire Transfer Instructions 
Wire Transfer to: 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
Routing No. / ABA No.: 
121000248 
Address: 
420 Montgomery 
San Francisco, CA 94104 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes, Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
TEL: (561) 847-4408 I FAX: (561) 855-2891 
Beneficiary Account No.: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Address: 
1555 Palm Beach lakes, Blvd. 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Additional Information: 
Operating Account 
EFTA00810870
--- PAGE 2 ---
ILR CIVIL TRIAL & APPELLATE LAW 
LINK& 
ROCKEN BACH, PA 
Wire Transfer Instructions 
Wire Transfer to: 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
Routing No. / ABA No.: 
121000248 
Address: 
420 Montgomery 
San Francisco, CA 94104 
Beneficiary Account No.: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Address: 
1555 Palm Beach Lakcs, Blvd., Suite 930 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
TEL: (561) 847-4408 I FAX: (561) 855-2891 
Link & Rockenbach, P.A. 
1555 Palm Beach lakes, Blvd. 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Additional Information: 
IOTA Trust Account 
EFTA00810871

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810872.pdf
----------------------------------------
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 
FOR WIRING FUNDS TO A 
SCOTIABANK, ST. THOMAS, U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS ACCOUNT 
Bank Name & Address 
+ JP Morgan Chase 
SWIFT BIC: 
CHASUS33 
270 Park A
e 
CHIPS ABA: 
278422 
New York, 
10017 
FEDWIRE ABA: 
021000021 
Telephone (813) 432 7716 
t 
Instructions: "Please credit JP Morgan Chase Account Number 
in Ow 
name of The Bank of Nova Scotia, St. Thomas (U.S.V.I.) for further credit to: 
Subbase D doc Inc. 
Acct # 
Parcel 162 Subbase 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, 00802 
EFTA00810872

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810873.pdf
----------------------------------------
WELLS 
FARGO 
August 7, 2018 
RE: Universal Constructors, Inc. — Wire Instructions 
To Whom it May Concern: 
Albuquerque Business Banking 
MAC Q2129-065 
200 Lomas Blvd Nw 
6th Floor 
Albuququerque, NM 87102 
Universal Constructors, Inc. has their business operating account with Wells Fargo Bank. Below please 
find wire instructions to their account: 
Wire To: 
Credit To: 
Wells Fargo Bank NA 
420 Montgomery 
San Francisco, CA 94104 
ABA: 121000248 
SWIFT: WFBIUS6S 
Universal Constructors Inc 
Account Number 
Kennelly-Faust augh 
e President — Sr. Business Relationship Manager 
ells Fargo Bank 
Albu uer ue. NM 
Together we'll go far 
"VrAlit 
EFTA00810873

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810874.pdf
----------------------------------------
Admiral Farragut Academy, Inc 
501 Park Street North 
St. Petersburg, FL 33710 
WIRE TRANSFER INFORMATION 
DOMESTIC WIRES: 
BANKUNITED NA 
ROUTING NUMBER: 267090594 
BENEFICIARY NAME: ADMIRAL FARRAGUT ACADEMY 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
ORIGINATOR TO BENEFICIARY INSTRUCTIONS: Student/Cadet Name 
INTERNATIONAL WIRES: 
BANKUNITED NA 
ABA ROUTING NUMBER: 267090594 
Swift Code: BUFBUS3M 
BENEFICIARY NAME: ADMIRAL FARRAGUT ACADEMY 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
ORIGINATOR TO BENEFICIARY INSTRUCTIONS: Student/Cadet Name 
BANK ADDRESS: 
Bank United 
7815 NW 148th Street 
Miami Lakes, FL 33016 
813-350-4431 
EFTA00810874

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810875.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
xavier cartron 
PARIS 
Wiring Instructions 
Euro Account 
Xavier CARTRON SAS 
HSBC FR CAF SAINT MAUR 
WAN: 
BIC: 
75018 PARIS FRANCE - Tél.
 rtr 
SAS au capitol de 368 400 E- siret 
-APE 7111Z -TVA 
TVA Infra: 
EFTA00810875

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810876.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pal2c 
allow 36:2 38:4 42:25 
award 13:12 30:8 
Bradley 2:5,7 3:15 5:11 childhood 42:5 
A 
ability 50:13 
43:2 
45:12 
12:4 16:25 
circuit 13:19 19:24 
able 9:13 23:3 37:6 
allowed 8:6,16 9:9 
aware 4:24 5:1 11:9 
breadth 38:12 
25:2 29:8 31:2,9.12 
42:2 44:7 45:2 
allowing 16:6 
36:23 
briefly 11:18 18:2 
33:5 
about 1:17 4:10 9:22 
along 4:14 38:14 
35:20 
circumstances 15:12 
20:16,22 23:13 25:1 
already 28:3 31.4 34:4 
B 
Brisco 2:21 4:8 
cited 29:2 31:8,12 
25:10,14 29:20 32:11 
although 16:22 
B 1:13 6:13 
Brittany 2:7 3:19 
City 48:14 
36:3,4,5,9,10,11 42:3 
amount 29:25 30:18 
back 24:3 27:6,20 
Broward 1:15,16 21:3 
Civic 21:3 
42:8 43:20 44:8 
analysis 25:20 
28:13 30:11 32:18.21 
burden 33:22 34:25 
civil 28:19,21 29:24 
above-entitled 1:12 
analyzed 32:13 
33:4 47:25 
30:1 32:6 
absolutely 15:3 
another 25:15 31:21 
bankers 27:16 
C 
claim 19:21 22:3 45:2 
abuse 42:5 
38:24 
banker's 26:5 
calendar 5:9 6:3 16:5 
claiming 19:18 32:10 
accepted 24:2 
answer 16:20 23:1 34:1 bankrupt 12:7 
ca115:15,25 6:2048:2,3 
claims 41:14 
access 17:14 19:1,6 
38:6.8 
bankruptcy 1.1,14 
48:5 
clarification 24:13 
26:20 31:10,15 
answered 23:2 
4:246:12 11:24 
calls 3:6 
25:15 43:13 
accessing 17:10 
antiquated 3:11 
12:24 24:16,18,21 
came 1:12 14:19 22:25 
clarify 19:9 
accomplish 16:3 
anyone 39:9 
29:3 
25:1 34:12 38:25 
clean 21:11 
accomplished 16:11,12 
anything 14:1730:2 
BARNHART 2:4 
camera 20:9,10,1122:4 clear 8:14 10:1,17 15:3 
accord 40:5 
anywhere 11:8 23:12 
based 5:2 29:5 
cancellation 20:14 
15:12,17 20:17 21:25 
accordance 13:24 
23:14 
basis 29:6 31:11 33:2 
capacity 3:16 
25:18,20 27:8,23 28:6 
according 7:20 27:13 
apparently 14:10 27:21 
33:16,18 35:1 
caption 50:12 
28:8,16 29:16 31:11 
27:25 
appeals 21:14 
Bates 11:5 12:13,22 
CARLTON 2:13 
43:14,25 44:5 45:5 
actually 29:12 33:13 
appear 48:13 
13:25 26:8 
Carney 12:23 15:4 26:8 clearly 14:20 17:16 
40:12 
appearance 6:8 47:5 
Beach 19:25 25:248:18 
26:12,18,23 32:20,21 
28:12 
addition 44:8 
appearances 2:2 3:8 
became 11:24 
carte 32:1 
Clerk 6:1 22:12 42:23 
address 23:4 33:11 
appears 7:16 8:3 
before 1:13 9:22 13:20 
case I:4 4:24,25 5:6 
46:21,24 47:13 48:2,4 
Adler 1:5 3:7 11:21 
appellate 21:14,16,19 
20:7,22 21:12 31:4 
13:19 24:23 26:24 
48:7 49:5 
administrative 12:22 
21:20 23:14 
35:2 36:15 44:21 
29:17 31:1,12 33:23 
Clerk's 22:15 
admissible 9:14 
applicable 28:24 
45:3 47:12 
34:8,16 35:22,23,24 
client 7:21 13:13 21:9 
admitted /4:8 34:10 
application 29:17 
begins 37:14 
36:25 42:5 
24:7 27:17 36:11,20 
advanced 8:13 
appointed 1 I :25 
behalf 2:5,8,11,14,17 
cases 29:1931:2,3,9 
39:17,21,21 
advantage 37:11 
appropriate 17:19 
2:19 3:15,17 4:5,7 
Cassell 2:18 5:15 6:23 
clients 7:17 13:17 
adversary 12:17 40:1 
28:25 30:25 31:7 
5:16 7:12,24 12:24 
6:25 7:1,4,4,7 8:2,3 
Code 28:24 
advisement 40:19 
April 1:10,16 50:15 
18:2 33:9,13,21 35:4 
8:24 9:19,20 17:23,23 coerce 30:4 
41:10 
argument 8:12 
35:19 37:5 41:17 
41:22,23 42:8 46:6,13 COHEN 2:10 
affidavit 18:11 24:5 
arguments 8:13 
42:16,25 46:9 
47:15,24 
come 4:2 33:18 39:8 
34:5 
around 23:9 
being 8:13 9:13 15:6 
cause 1:12 5:9 15:10,20 
42:17 
affidavits 27:25 
arrangements 5:18,20 
23:11 34:18,22 39:17 
16:13 33:16,19 34:7 
comes 29:13 34:8 
affirm 29:8 
aside 4:1 
40:6 42:12 43:20 
35:1 40:1941:10 
commencing 1:17 
after 14:18 32:18,2/ 
asked 20:10,11 21:13 
belief 27:12 
46:19 
Commission 50:21 
33:18 34:8 44:19 
21:16,19 23:15 27:18 
believe 18:14,15 31:4,6 
CD 8:23 11:1,4,6,8 
compact 10:4 11:12 
afternoon 3:2,4,5,9 4:6 
33:17 39:18 42:25 
31:7,18 33:2 
26:7,8,14,20,25,25 
12:14 
4:12,196:17 
43:946:15 
best 50:13 
27:10,11,13,1428:10 
compelling 8:15 
against 16:15 35:2 
asking 21:2022:8 
between 12:3 
28:13 32:12,12,15,16 
compensatory 29:10,25 
agent 24:21 39:1 
28:18 
beyond 16:9 24:8 
32:18,19,21 
30:16 
ago 13:21 
asks 27:17 
billionaire 48:17 
CDs 11:3 
completely 17:15 28:7 
agree 34:10 40:15 
assertions 12:8 
blanche 32:2 
Center 21:3 
compliance 30:4,9,9,11 
agreed 20:15 22:9,10 
assisting 6:18 
Blvd 1:15 
cert 21:16 
32:25 33:1,1 34:14 
25:18,21 
assuming 27:21 
booming 3:13 
certainly 17:11 28:9 
complicity 30:24 
agreement 22:9 
attached 26:6 28:5 
both 11:12 15:7 
31:20 32:11 
complied 13:17 
ahead 6:21 42:20 47:25 
attorney 15:7 42:16 
bow 46:24 
CERTIFICATION 
computer 13:11 31:10 
AKERMAN 2:16 
48:5 
box 10:8 20:20 23:1,5 
50:3 
31:15 37:2445:11 
allegation 18:5 30:16 
attorney/client 9:11 
27:3,7,14 38:9 
certify 50:10 
computers 21:11 38:7 
allegations 4:10 
15:8 
boxes 9:23 10:12 14:24 
Chad 2:11 4:13 
concept 28:21 
alleged 30:15 41:14 
authority 5:2 
26:5 27:5,16,18,24 
chain 24:22 32:3,4,14 
concern 4:10 
46:8 
authorize 40:21 
30:5,6 38:13 44:13 
Chambers 23:18,19 
concerned 13:17 17:8 
allegedly 27:5 30:5 
authorizing 46:2 
Brad 4:5 13:13,16 
changed 24:2 
23:12 
alleges 10:22 
automatic 29:21 
35:18 41:16 
Cheryl 1:23 50:8,19 
concerns 25:18 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00810876
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
concert 21:3 
concluded 49:9 
concludes 47:1 48:8 
conduct 30:2 43:16 
confer 35:6 
Conference 6:9 
confidence 37:9 
confidential 9:15 
confirmed 4:25 
connected 6:6 
consequence 11:22 
23:23 34:23 
consequential 40:7 
consider 32:7 
conspiracy 27:13 
constructed 13:23 
contained 11:7,12 13:6 
19:1 38:1 
containing 14:21 
contains 10:4 15:7 
contempt 28:19,19,22 
29:4,13,24 30:1,1,23 
31:3 32:6,7,8 
contention 18:24,25 
contents 16:1 39:20 
contested 8:4 
continue 41:9 
continued 5:22 
continues 46:18 
control 12:1 
controvert 27:22 
copiers 13:8 38:3 
copies 12:23 13:5,7,10 
14:14 19:3,5 23:13 
25:4 26:4 28:10,11 
37:7,22 38:1,2,7 
39:19 43:23 44:2,10 
45:11,14 
copy 12:12,19,25 14:7 
14:8,10 15:5 26:11,11 
26:13 28:12 35:13 
36:24 37:6 
corporate 17:5 
correct 11:2,6 14:7 
17:2 24:25 25:7,9 
44:14 45:18,20 
counsel 3:15,18 6:22 
10:14 21.9 30:6 34:5 
36:10 39:22 41:4 
countless 31:2 
country 48:14 
County 1:16 19:25 25:2 
48:18 50:6 
couple 24:13 26:24 
course 24:18 27:15 
28:6 31:23 
court 1:1,14 2:22 3:2,6 
3:6,11,21 4:1 5:1,7,17 
5:20 6:4,8,8,11,12,23 
7:2,3,5,10 8:2,17 9:5 
9:9,10,15,18,21,25 
10:6 11:7,8,10,14,18 
11:19 12:6,15,18 13:2 
13:11,19 14:3,6,10,18 
14:21,24 15:14,21,25 
16:10,19,23,24 17:17 
17:21,25 18:8,11,13 
18:14 19:10,19,23,24 
20:2,4,12 21:14,16,19 
21:20,22 22:1,13,13 
22:22 23:14,17 24:9 
24:15,22 25:2,3,5,8 
25:22.23,24,25 29:12 
31:2,5,25 33:5,8,18 
33:24 34:14,18,19,22 
35:7,14,16,23 36:2,17 
36:17,20,21 37:1,17 
37:21 38:4,16,18 39:4 
39:5,10,11,18 40:3,3 
40:4,9,14,18,21 41:1 
41:4,6,9,18,21 42:7,9 
42:9,14,20 43:4,5,8 
43:17 44:12,16,19,22 
44:23,25 45:1,6,7,12 
45:15,17,19,22,22 
46:1,5,10,16,23,25 
47:6,10,14,21 48:3,8 
48:10,19 49:1,4 50:20 
CourtCall 5:25 6:6,8 
6:18 48:4 49:5 
courtroom 3:12 5:13 
courts 29:2,3,15,16 
court's 5:9 10:15 13:24 
15:12,17 16:5,16 17:9 
28:23 29:12 30:25 
36:12 43:13 45:3,21 
48:13 
co-counsel 4:13 
criminal 28:19 29:4,9 
30:1 31:3 32:7,8 
custody 32:3,4,14 
C-a-s-s-e-1-17:4 
D 
damaged 30:19 
damages 29:9,11 30:14 
30:1435,17,18,20 
32:10 40:7 41:14 
42:146:8 
date 41:11 50:12 
day 50:14 
DCA 21:15,22 23:18 
deal 12:8 33:5 
deals 20:4 30:2 
dealt 34:18,1922 
Debtor 1:7 
December 50:21 
defies 27:12 
definition 29:9,25 31:1 
delivered 11:3 12:23 
/0:/0 
denied 7:19,23 21:19 
33:4 
DENNY 2:4 
depart 47:12 
depose 32:2 42:9 48:16 
deposition 15:16 16:25 
17:11 33:25 36:3 
38:5 40:22 42:2 
48:12,19 
depositions 46:2 
derived 15:23 
describe 9:21 34:22 
designated 43:9 
destroyed 14:13 
destroying 31:19 
detail 8:10 16:9 
determination 12:7 
15:11 35:941:12 
determine 23:21 26: I" 
30:18 32:14 38:11 
determined 13:9 37:5 
45:10 
determines 32:6 33:18 
determining 17:18 
devoid 17:15 30:16 
difference 19:3,5 25:19 
different 8:11 
digital 1:23 50:11 
direct 10:10,15 14:25 
28:9 
directed 15:24 
direction 15:14 16:13 
disagree 45:6 
disagreement 4:22 
discharge 29:22 
disclosed 39:4,6 
disclosure 11:15 
disconnect 49:5 
disconnected 47:25 
discover 30:24 
discovered 44:12 45:19 
discovery 16:14 22:23 
24:6 28:2,20 29:7 
30:17,21 31:7,8,17,22 
31:23 32:5,9,11 33:3 
34:24 35:11,11 41:12 
discuss 26:22 
discussed 31:4 
disk 9:23 10:4,6,11 
11:12 14:21 18:5,7,12 
18:17,24 19:2,2,13,16 
19:19,20,20 20:18,19 
20:24 21:7 22:2,10,10 
22:12,25 23:5,12,25 
23:25 24:4,5,8 27:20 
27:22,23,25 30:7,11 
33:25 34:1,10 35:13 
35:25 36:3,4,6,7,8,15 
36:16,16,16,18,22 
37:11 38:1,9,14,19 
42:1143:3,10,21 44:9 
44:10,12 45:4 
disks 9:23 12:14 13:6 
14:14 28:4 
dispel 35:20 
dispute 8:17 10:3 25:10 
disputed 11:8 
disseminate 37:10 
disseminated 23:12 
38:15.17 39:25 42:12 
disseminating 42:6 
dissemination 15:22 
16:15 22:16 36:6 
distinct 34:13 
distinction 19:2 
distributed 42:4 
District 1:1,15 48:20 
Docket 24:23 41:24 
documents 11:4,5 
12:11 13:5,7,10,22,25 
14:1,19 16:1,17 20:8 
21:5,7,10,11,18 22:3 
22:18 26:1,9 27:6 
32:16,19 37:22 38:1,2 
39:19,2042:4 43:23 
43:24 44:2,5,5 45:4 
45:11 
Doe 2:19 7:8,16,23 8:4 
9:2 
doing 23:9 
done 25:11 27:15 36:24 
41:6,13 
down 21:3 
draft 41:1 
dropped 8:11 27:7 
dual 3:16 
due 21:21 
during 9:3 36:14 42:2 
E 
E 1:15 
ECF 1:9 
ECRO 2:22 3:1 5:24 
6:2,5,12,16,19 10:23 
Ed 4:8 
EDWARD 2:21 
Edwards 2:5,6,7 3:5,15 
3:16 4:4,5 5:11,14,18 
5:23 12:4,10,17 13:13 
13:16 16:25 21:13 
35:18,18 36:5 37:2,19 
37:25 38:10,22 39:6 
39:13,15 40:4,10,15 
41:16,16,20 46:4,6.9 
46:11 48:22 
eight 27:15 45:15 
either 26:23 32:5 
electronic 2:22 12:2,6 
12:11,20 14:12,14 
43:23 
ended 22:25 25:13 
enforce 28:23,25 29:16 
29:18 
entered 12:15 13:13 
25:11,16 26:2 
entire 46:14 
entirely 28:6,8 
entitled 27:18 
Entry 24:23 41:24 
envelope 22:11 
Epstein 2:114:14 7:25 
8:8,25 10:14 12:43 
12:17 13:10 15:15 
17:1,8,13,16 18:2,5 
18:17,24,25 19:12,14 
19:17 22:1,2425:3 
27:3 30:6 33:10,13,20 
33:21 34:10,16 35:2,4 
35:25 36:3,14,23 37:6 
37:9 39:1,18,19 40:1 
40:12,14,23 42:3,9,25 
43:16,2044:3,4,8,9 
44:18 45:10,14 48:16 
48:17 
Epstein's 17:11 30:6 
34:11 47:5 48:12 
Esquire 2:4,7,7,9,11,13 
2:14,16,18 
essential 17:17 
establish 33:15 34:15 
evaluated 26:20 
eve 13:18 
even 7:17,17,20 21:18 
29:7 30:9 
ever 18:5,17 19:14 
26:19 29:6 32:25 
34:1 36:24 
every 21:16 22:8 
everyone 32:2,3 
everything 34:21 47:22 
evidence 18:16 31:19 
31:19 
II 
2:19 
exactly 37:3 
excuse 3:10 4:3 10:20 
35:5 
exhibit 13:21 21:6 
exhibits 14:23 22:13,19 
36:19 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00810877
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
exist 9:12 28:1 
existed 36:16 
expeditiously 16:12 
explain 38:6 
express 17:9 
expressly 12:18 
extensive 28:19 
extent 16:8 17:13 30:24 
extracted 12:13 
e-mail 5:24 12:9 26:5 
44:11 
e-mailed 21:10 
e-mails 8:5,18,20 9:14 
10:5 12:13 19:16 
20:22 22:18 23:10 
28:5 
E.W 5:16 7:8,16,23 8:4 
8:18 9:2 
F 
facie 33:23 34:8,15 
fact 12:16 16:4 23:5 
34:9 
facts 28:1 29:5 38:18 
factual 18:4 33:11 
36:21 
far 9:13 13:15 17:7 
Farmer 2:8 3:17,18 4:5 
12:25 13:12,16,23 
14:6,8,15 15:4 16:24 
25:16 26:4,7,11,17 
27:4 28:11 32:10,17 
35:19 37:3,8 41:17,24 
fashioning 17:17,19 
favor 13:12 
fees 30:8,13 
few 13:20 
FIELDS 2:13 
figure 23:3 
file 8:8 11:8,10 22:15 
27:7,21 41:19 
filed 5:10 8:10 13:21 
16:17 20:10 25:3,6 
27:25 35:22,23 36:19 
46:7 
files 11:1 12:7 26:14 
27:17,24 
filings 15:25 
Filled 20:2 
final 15:19 16:14 
find 29:4,13 
finding 28:18 29:8 
finds 31:8 32:5 
finished 26:24 
firm 3:17 10:13,14,20 
11:21,24 12:1,7,9,10 
12:25 13:22,24 14:23 
15:7 19:15,16 20:18 
22:24 23:24 25:17 
27:2 32:4,17 34:12 
37:17 39:17,21 
firm's 12:2 
first 3:24 4:17 17:17 
18:3 25:12 32:9 
35:21 
five 15:9 16:2,11 27:5 
flat 29:25 
Florida 1:1,15,16 48:18 
48:20 50:5,9,20 
flow 33:17 
focused 36:13,22 
following 1:17 28:3 
footnote 8:11 
foregoing 50:10 
form 34:4 35:10 
Fort 1:16 
forth 46:7 
forward 35:10 
found 10:8 29:15,19 
44:13,19 
Fowler 2:14 4:7,9 8:10 
8:23 10:13 11:1,3 
12:11,12,16,19 13:5.8 
13:9 14:1,17,23,25 
15:6,15 16:25 17:5 
18:6,15 20:15,16,20 
22:6,11,25 23:1,6,21 
24:12 26:3 27:1,1,12 
31:6,10,15,18,18 32:3 
32:9,25 36:14,22 37:5 
37:16,25 38:3,5,12,19 
40:11,22 43:245:10 
Friday 21:2 
from 1:23 10:13,23 
12:6,13,19 14:23,25 
15:6,14,23 16:7 17:10 
19:15 20:16,21 22:11 
22:24,24,25 24:14 
25:3,5,7,23 27:8 
32:14,18,21 33:17 
34:13 36:6 39:10 
40:8 41:24 44:10 
45:4,17 50:11,12 
front 20:11 21:6 
full 15:11 
fully 16:10 
further 15:22 16:9,15 
22:16 34:21 39:18 
future 30:2 
G 2:18 
game 21:4 
gave 37:8 
general 21:9 
generally 21:17 
gets 29:7 31:21 
getting 19:4 
GG 50:21 
given 23:7 32:24 36:15 
go 6:21 11:15 12:25 
21:4 26:9 33:4 35:3,9 
42:20 47:25 
going 5:5 9:14 10:23 
18:8 20:9,15 21:2,2,3 
22:18,19,19 23:13 
27:1 34:1 35:9,10 
36:2 37:3,6 38:4,8 
40:18,21 41:9 42:7,10 
42:10,2443:1,8 46:1 
46:1947:1548:11 
Goldberg 2:17 4:20 
Goldberger 39:22 
good 3:2,4,5,9 4:6,12 
4:16,19 6:17 40:25 
43:11 
goods 9:23 
grant 9:18 31:22 
granted 5:2 31:13 
47:15,15 
guidance 16:7 
H 
Hafele 20:1,6 21:7.12 
22:1723:11,16,18 
24:1 
Hafele's 19:24 21:8 
22:14 
hand 50:14 
Hang 47:21 
happen 37:3 
happened 22:9 28:4 
30:3 34:23 37:2 
38:11,12 
happy 16:20 
hard 12:12 14:14 
having 14:1420:23 
heard 5:22 9:4 30:5,21 
33:21 34:21 
hearing 1:12 5:4,15 
15:19 16:6,14 20:15 
33:15 41:1146:19 
47:1 49:9 
held 18:17 29:2 50:11 
helpful 11:18 
Henderson 2:7 3:19 
hereto 50:13 
hesitation 23:10 
Hi 6:25 
him 18:8 19:15 20:7,9 
22:5 33:25 47:25 
48:1.3 
himself 4:15 
history 11:18 
Hold 41:6 
home 48:18 
honestly 21:23 
Honor 3:5,9,20 4:6,12 
4:19,24 5:5,14,23 
7:13,24 8:19 9:4,24 
10:10 11:11,20 15:9 
16:6,8,21 17:2,3 
18:24 20:13,25 22:23 
23:20 24:4 26:10,12 
28:21 31:7,13,22 32:5 
32:6 33:9 35:18 
36:13 39:1240:5 
41:8,23 42:15,18 
43:12,19 44:1,14 45:3 
45:9,25 46:11,13 47:3 
47:5,9,18,19,24 48:9 
48:14,16,22,24 49:2 
Honorable 1:13 
Honor's 13:4 19:6 
43:22 44:6 45:5 
hope 16:3,11,12,21 
hopefully 20:9 
I 
Immo 2:14 4:8 
idea 23:8 26:18 
identified 36:19 
identifying 13:25 
images 13:10 28:12 
38:2 45:10 
imagines 13:7 37:22 
imploded 11:21 
important 19:9 
improper 40:8 
improperly 15:23 39:3 
39:25 
inadvertent 38:23 
inadvertently 23:7 
inaudible 5:24 9:6 
40:16 
inclined 31:22 
included 10:12 11:12 
27:25 
including 12:2 36:6 
42:1.3 44:11 
incurred 30:9 
independent 32:13 
38:9 41:25 
indicate 26:16,16 33:22 
indicated 26:10,11 28:3 
40:23 
individual 46:7 
individually 40:23 
information 10:3,10,16 
11:7,11,13 12:6,20 
14:22 15:8,22,24 
16:18 17:10,15 18:16 
19:1,4,7,14,20 24:6 
36:8,11 38:14 39:24 
40:1 42:8 44:10,17 
informed 5:14 10:11 
16:5 
inherent 28:23 29:3,15 
initial 40:8 
inquire 36:9 43:20 44:7 
inquiry 16:23 43:15 
inside 14:23 
instruct 23:17 
intended 37:13 
intentional 38:24 
interest 8:15 
interested 5:10 13:15 
18:13 
interestingly 30:16 
interim 15:21 
interrupt 18:21 42:19 
interrupted 19:8 
interruption 47:17.24 
intervene 5:11,12,21 
7:9,11,19 8:7,16 9:9.9 
intervenors 7:8,22 8:21 
9:18 17:24 
introduce 4:15 
introduced 4:4 
investigation 28:4 
involved 20:14 25:23 
involvement 11:22 
?5:?5 
involves 42:5 
in-clarity 35:21 
in-house 37:6 
issuance 16:12 
issue 9:16 18:421:11 
22:21,23 23:4 26:2 
29:23 31:21 33:16,19 
34:7,13,13,19 35:1,12 
35:12 36:21 
issued 7:18 12:5 13:2 
15:10 
issues 14:18 20:16 
32:24 33:6,11 34:17 
42:10 
J
J 2:5,7 
Jack 2:4 3:15 
Jaffe 2:8 3:17,18 4:5 
12:25 13:16,23 14:6,8 
14:15 15:4 16:24 
26:4,7,11,17 27:4 
28:11 32:10 35:19 
37:3,8 41:17,25 
la
's 25:16 32:17 
2:19 7:8,16,23 8:4 
9:2 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00810878
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
Jeffrey 2:11 4:14 15:15 
17:8 37:9 40:12 
Jeffry 37:6 
Jenkins 1:23 50:8,19 
Joan 2:16 4:20 
join 6:22 7:25 17:24 
41:24 
joinder 5:10,11 47:14 
joined 3:16 
Joseph 2:14 4:8 
judge 4:16,18 6:13 7:14 
8:22 9:15,17 10:21,25 
12:23 15:4 18:1 
19:11,24 20:1,6,12,22 
21:7,8,12,25 22:14,17 
23:11,16,18 24:1,8,11 
24:25 25:5,7 32:24 
33:5,7 34:3 35:5,8 
36:21 39:5 40:17 
41:3 43:11 46:4,12 
47:8 48:23 
Judges 1:13 
Judicial 19:24 
jurisdiction 13:12 
23:20 40:5 45:12 
just 3:22 4:4,22,23 5:4 
5:21 8:22 9:22,25 
13:20 18:1 24:13 
25:20 27:3,14,18 29:5 
32:1 33:4 35:20 
39:21 40:1141:18 
43:6 45:24 48:11 
justify 28:2,2 31:16 
K 
Karina 6:18 
keep 26:16 37:7 49:4 
kept 23:7 
kind 8:12 30:18 33:10 
knew 36:15 37:3 
know 5:18 8:24 21:23 
22:23 23:2,5,9,25 
25:19 26:13,13 27:21 
30:20 36:11,20 38:10 
39:24 40:10,11 44:4 
knowingly 38:19 
knowledge 15:1 17:6 
35:14,15 36:3 38:9,21 
42:11 43:10 
knows 28:22 
L
L 1:23 50:8,19 
laid 29:5 
language 17:9 45:8 
large 10:5 50:10,20 
last 3:24 7:2 35:8 
later 26:24 28:13 37:10 
41:11 45:15 
Lauderdale 1:16 
law 3:17 10:12,13 
11:21 12:1,2,7,9,10 
12:25 13:21,23 14:23 
15:7 19:15,16 20:18 
23:24 25:17 37:17 
39:17,21 
lawyer 27:17 42:25 
45:17 
learn 13:18 
least 16:427:13 
leave 7:9 
legal 33:12 39:22 
let 7:10 20:15 41:13 
47:21 
Let's 5:25 9:21 49:4 
Levit 2:16 4:19,20 
like 15:10,14,19,21,24 
21:142:1,2 44:7 
47:24 48:1 
limited 7:25 31:8 35:11 
36:4 40:23 42:10,22 
48:12 
Link 2:9 4:14,16 9:4,6 
10:13,17,17,19,19 
13:22 14:17 15:15,24 
17:1.3.7.22 18:1,10 
18:21 19:10,11 20:3,6 
20:18 24:10 33:11 
34:12,21 35:6 36:10 
38:15,25 39:12,14,16 
39:20 40:16,20,25 
41:8 42:13,14,15,21 
42:24 43:6,11,25 
44:13,14,16 47:3,8,12 
47:19 48:9,11 49:2 
Link's 32:4 
liquidating 4:20,22,25 
5:3 
list 13:21 20:4,7 21:6 
listed 14:22 21:5 
listing 13:22,24 
litigate 45:3 
litigating 44:23,25 45:1 
litigation 7:17 9:3 12:3 
25:1 37:11 45:23 
little 29:14 46:24 
LLP 2:16 
LM 2:19 
log 11:16 13:1,23 19:22 
19:23 26:9 35:22,23 
longer 4:24 22:7 
look 23:11,20 32:12 
43:3 
looked 20:20,21,25 
22:4 36:18 
looking 20:24 
looks 47:24 
lot 25:19 32:23 
lower 31:2 
lunch 21:4 
L-i-n-k 4:17 
M5:16 7:8,21 8:3,18 
M 
machine 28:12 
Madam 48:7 
made 5:19,20 12:8 15:2 
15:11,25 17:12 21:17 
27:10 35:24 39:16 
43:19,24,25 
main 24:23 28:16 
maintains 48:18 
majority 21:1 
make 18:10 19:19 
21:25 41:1143:6 
47:22 
makes 19:5 23:19 
25:19 
making 6:7 
malicious 45:2 
managing 4:9 
mandamus 21:15 
manner 34:24 
March 27:10 
Marlins 21:4 
massive 11:22 
master 11:15,25 12:1 
12:24 14:4,8 23:8 
24:17,21 26:8,12,18 
26:23 32:20,21 37:4 
material 15:5 34:25 
37:7 39:2 
materials 22:5 27:11 
34:12,20,20 37:11,15 
39:8 
matter 3:7,20 7:6 13:20 
36:8 45:20 
matters 5:8 15:1 17:6 
32:7,8 
may 3:7 6:10 9:4 11:20 
16:21 18:2025:17,17 
27:7 33:9 38:18,18,20 
38:20,22,22 42:15,18 
43:12 45:7 47:9,19 
48:9,13 
maybe 23:3 24:2 27:9 
38:23 42:15 
ma'am 4:18 6:21 
McClean 29:8,22 31:1 
McLACHLAN 24:11 
24:12,25 25:9 
McLAUCHLAN 2:13 
4:6,7 7:14 8:22 10:21 
10:25 11:9 25:6 
mean 39:7 40:10 42:19 
means 32:18 
meant 24:18 
memory 13:8 38:3 
met 33:22 34:8,25 
MIAMI-DADE 50:6 
mic 4:2 42:23 
Michael 2:17 4:20 
might 42:21 
mind 24:3 
minute 26:2247:21 
mistake 20:17 
moment 6:14 35:6 
momentarily 6:9 
monitoring 5:4 
more 8:10 16:22 47:9 
morning 4:16 
most 15:13 17:6 
motion 3:17 4:11 5:9 
5:11,11,12,21 7:9,11 
7:18,22 9:18 10:21,25 
20:10 21:19 27:13 
28:7 29:3 30:15 
31:13 33:447:14 
motions 17:24 
movant 42:16 43:1 
movants 28:18 29:18 
moving 3:19 7:12 
much 47:7,8 48:7,21 
49:2 
multiple 12:14 
myself 48:5 
N 2:7 
name 3:10,14,24 4:17 
6:3,11,17 7:2 10:20 
narrow 48:12 
nature 36:7 
near 31.20 
necessary 26:21 28:25 
28:25 31:25 48:5 
need 3:23 4:16 16:7 
30:17,20 32:11,11,12 
34:18 
needs 5:5 28:7 32:5,8 
never 18:4,6,6,6,12,12 
19:13 20:17 22:2,2,2 
30:21 34:10 39:8 
new 8:12 27:17 48:13 
Niall 2:13 4:7 24:12 
nice 46:24 
night 21:2 
Nobody 22:19 
non-privileged 11:13 
27:5 
normal 31:23 
Notary 50:9,20 
note 8:24 
notes 41:13 
nothing 27:15 33:21 
34:15 36:12 40:9 
notice 16:7 
noticed 31:9 
notified 20:23 
notwithstanding 18:3 
November 12:15 13:14 
26:5 37:12 
nowhere 22:18,19,19 
31:20 
number 10:5 
numbered 12:13 20:21 
22:14 
numbers 11:5 14:1 
26:8 
O 
oath 33:25 38:6 
object 10:15 31:25 
objection 7:25 8:1 9:6 
9:10 12:10,10 25:17 
objections 25:24 32:1 
obtain 30:9 
obtained 10:13 14:21 
14:24 28:13 39:3.25 
44:10 45:4 
obvious 4:10 24:15 
obviously 10:10 15:13 
17:8 38:7 44:20 
occurred 12:3 
occurs 45:21 
offending 32:12 
offered 34:6 
oh 9:7 26:25 27:2 31: 14 
41:7,14 42:16 
okay 3:25 6:1 11:19 
28:1 40:15 41:20 
42:19 43:6 46:22 
48:1 
old 10:20 
once 34:24 36:18 38:25 
41:12 
one 1:13 6:14 7:20.21 
9:23 10:7,12 11:4 
12:23 14:7,8,10,23 
15:3,3 18:18 19:17 
21:15,15 22:4,21.22 
24:14 25:12 26:11.1 1 
26:13 27:6,10,11 
28:22 29:25 35:6,12 
38:23 42:16,21,25 
46:20,21,25 47:9,19 
only 7:20,21 8:11 19:14 
20:13 22:22 23:1,4,4 
25:24 26:19 30:2 
33:17,20 34:7,12 35:4 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00810879
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
36:5,8 37:8,13 39:25 
43:22 
onto 11:4 
opened 27:2 32:17,20 
operator 2:22 6:9,10,14 
6:15,17,21 47:17,23 
48:7 
opportunity 8:8 31:24 
48:16 
opposed 29:10 
opposition 7:11,15 8:12 
order 5:9 9:3,19 10:15 
12:8,15,18 13:4,13,17 
13:24 15:13,17,20 
16:13,16 17:9 19:6 
20:15 21:8 22:9,10,15 
23:21,22 24:24 25:13 
25:16,19,21 26:2,3 
28:7,9,14,15 30:4 
31:1,16 32:2 33:2,10 
33:16,19 34:7,15,16 
35:1 36:12 37:12,12 
37:18,18,19,19 40:19 
41:2,10,10 43:13,22 
44:6 45:4,5,21 46:1 
46:12,14,18,18,20,21 
46:25 47:6,16 48:13 
ordering 40:17 
orders 25:11,13 28:23 
29:16.22 
origin 10:3 
original 36:22 
originally 11:2 
other 4:1 15:4 16:21 
27:4 28:24 29:15 
30:8,23 31:2 33:16 
34:17 35:1241:13,22 
others 36:6 38:15 
otherwise 12:20 13:11 
13:18 37:23,24 45:12 
out 12:12,22 23:3 29:5 
31:24 33:1,12 47:25 
outstanding 22:22 
over 12:931,21 25:16 
26:9 27:16,24 42:17 
over-broad 29:15 
P 
P 2:11 
PA 1:5 
Page 9:1 50:13 
pages 19:21 20:2,5 
Palm 19:25 25:248:18 
paper 19:18 
papers 36:18 
paralegals 27:7 
pardon 20:3 47:17,23 
part 7:17 13:4 20:19 
participating 4:21 9:16 
particularly 28:15 
43:16 
parties 3:19 4:1 7:19 
9:2 13:16 41:15 
partner 4:8,9 
party 5:10 7:13 32:8 
41:22 
past 30:3 
Paul 2:18 5:15 7:1 
pending 7:8 12:3 13:20 
21:14 25:2 
people 32:2 
performing 12:21 
perhaps 11:17 
period 36:14 
permitted 43:15,20 
person 48:16 
personally 17:8 
pertain 8:5 
pertaining 36:7 
pertinent 31:9 
Peter 5:13 
petition 21:15 
phase 35:3 
phone 6:24 48:13 
piece 19:17 
place 48:19 50:12 
placed 14:1 22:15 
plain 18:12 
plan 5:3 
playing 36:1 
pleadings 10:7 21:23 
24:22 
please 3:2 6:11 
point 18:17 19:5.9 
25:15 27:23 28:16 
29:7 30:10,12 31:20 
32:18,20,24 33:12 
35:8 
points 24:13 
Ponzi 11:23 
position 8:19 33:13 
possess 35:25 
possessed 15:23 16:18 
possessing 17:10 
possession 14:19,25 
17:14 24:17 34:11 
36:4,23 38:25 39:8 
43:21 44:8,9 
possibility 27:4 
possible 26:15,18,23 
32:3,4 
possibly 29:14 
potential 14:22 
POTTINGER 2:6 
power 28:23 29:4,13,15 
powers 5:2 28:22 29:12 
precedent 31:12 
preclude 37:13,15 
predecessor 10:14 
prepare 46:17 
prepared 13:1 16:10 
37:17 
present 2:20 5:13 
presentation 24:14 
presented 16:9 20:9 
previously 16:17 44:2 
pre-hearing 16:14 
prima 33:22 34:8,15 
print 6:2,4 12:12 
printed 11:5 19:3.4 
27:5 
printing 11:4 12:22 
prior 42:1I 
privilege 11:16 12:8 
13:1,23 19:22,23 20:4 
20:7 26:9 33:5 35:22 
35:22 
privileged 11:12 15:5,8 
15:23 17:14 19:1,6,20 
19:22 20:8,8 22:4 
27:11 37:11 38:14 
39:20 44:2 
privileges 9:11 
probably 16:2224:15 
25:12 28:21 
problem 3:14 20:23 
37:14 39:7 
procedure 30:22 
Proceed 19:10 
proceeding 9:10,16 
12:6.18 35:3 
proceedings 1:18 11:25 
13:3 50:10 
produced 26:1 31:19 
product 15:7 
production 31:24 32:19 
32:22 
prohibit 15:22 19:6 
prohibited 12:19 15:6 
17:9 
prohibiting 10:15 
45:25 
prohibition 16:15 
proposition 30:19 
prosecution 45:2 
protect 9:11,13 
protected 13:15 
protocol 25:25 
prove 30:20 
proven 30:14 
provide 18:1124:7,7 
provided 8:9 13:6 
19:15 36:11 38:2 
39:17,19 
provision 29:18 
provisions 29:1 
Public 50:9,20 
Pugatch 2:10,11 4:12 
4:13 7:24 33:8,9 34:3 
35:8,15,17 41:1,3 
46:12,14,17,22 47:2 
48:23 
punishment 29:10 
30:25 
punitive 29:9 30:1 
purely 29:10,25 
purposes 12:21 29:24 
30:4 
pursuant 21:8 22:14 
put 11:4 21:6 22:12 
39:1 
putative 7:7,22 8:20 
29:20 
P-u-g-a-t-c-h 4:13 
p.m 1:17 
Q 
question 8:5,18 18:9 
23:1 30:11 38:6 
47:20 
questions 16:21 42:3,3 
42:24 
quiet 5:5 
quite 8:14 26:18,22 
quote 45:9 
R 
raised 14:18 33:12 
34:14,15 
raising 8:11 34:17 
Ray 1:13 6:13 
Raymond 1:13 6:13 
Re 1:4 29:8,22 31:1 
read 28:8 36:6 
reads 13:4 
ready 6:19 
really 19:5 28:16 32:8 
37:14 
reason 7:22 27:22 
30:23 
reasons 26:22 28:3 
recall 11:20 
receive 24:5 
received 19:3,4,15 
20:19 22:6 27:9 
30:10 36:18 
recently 14:24 39:1 
recognize 16:4 
recognizing 12:16 
record 3:8 4:23 8:23 
9:25 10:17 17:15 
35:21 38:16 39:2,16 
40:24 41:21 
recording 1:23 6:7 
50:11 
records 12:1,2,9 14:12 
24:1725:426:15,16 
31:10,15 
redial 47:25 
refer 8:18,20 45:7 
reference 21:9,17 
27:10 43:19 
references 16:17 23:15 
referencing 16:1 
referred 10:7 
refers 7:21 10:25 
regard 8:4 14:19 15:1 
15:17 16:13 17:4,4,6 
17:7,13 43:15,16 45:8 
47:5 
Regardless 38:25 
related 13:1 20:14 
43:22,23 
relates 22:1 
released 34:25 
relevant 13:4 
remain 14:13 
remarkable 30:19 
reminded 3:22 
remove 21:9 
removes 22:17 
repeated 43:19 
repeatedly 37:4 
replied 39:21 
reply 7:20 8:9 
reporter 7:3 50:9,20 
Reporting 2:22 
represent 7:7 18:14 
representation 15:2 
17:16 18:10 24:2 
35:24 39:16 
representations 14:17 
17:12 34:5 44:1 
representative 17:5 
38:5 40:22 43:9 
represented 14:20 24:1 
36:17 38:16 44:16 
representing 3:18 7:5 
12:17 
request 31:24 33:3 
41:2443:12 48:15 
requested 31:22 
requests 41:25 
requirement 35:2 
requiring 21:18 
reserved 40:5 
resolving 5:1 
respect 21:21 
respectfully 33:3 
respond 18:1,20 21:18 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00810880
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
31:25 
responded 16:23 
response 8:9,11,25 9:1 
17:19,21 26:6 28:5,17 
37:1 
responses 5:10 
responsible 17:18 
rest 5:6 
result 30:14 
retain 13:5 26:3 28:10 
28:11 37:10,21 38:1,7 
retained 13:7,10 14:11 
15:6 26:13 27:14 
38:3 44:4 45:10,14 
retaining 12:19 
retains 13:11 45:12 
retention 10:16 14:16 
23:21 37:13 40:73 
44:5 45:4 
return 27:1 
returned 14:15 
reverse 33:10 
review 26:9 37:10 
reviewed 10:12 19:16 
reviewing 37:15 
re-connect 48:1 
RICE 2:10 
right 3:6,21 5:8,25 6:15 
7:109:21 16:19 
17:21 35:16,21 37:12 
37:25 40:5,20 46:3,5 
47:1 48:8 
rights 29:18 
rise 3: I 
RMR 1:23 50:8,19 
ROBINSON 2:10 
Rockenbach 10:18,19 
13:22 15:15,24 17:7 
20:18 
Rosenfeldt 1:5 3:7 
11:21 
Rothstein 1:5 3:7 11:21 
24:17,23 25:4 
Rothstein's 11:22 
RPR 1:23 50:8,19 
rule 15:10 32:1,7 
ruled 23:16 
ruling 25:24 
Run 41:4 
S 
same 13:25 17:7 23:16 
41:21 
sanction 38:23 
sanctions 13:12 28:2,7 
29:20 31:3 33:3 40:6 
41:15 45:13 
Sartory 10:13,20 
saw 36:16 
saying 32:2 
says 25:16 28:10 30:3 
31:13 37:21 
Scare's 2:4,4 3:4,9,13 
3:15,22 4:3,5 7:12 
8:19 9:24 10:2,9,19 
11:11,17,20 14:5,7,12 
16:20 17:2,4 18:3,16 
18:20,22,23 19:22 
20:11 21.13 24:1.1.16 
24:20 25:15 26:10 
31:9,14 33:12,17 41:5 
41:7 43:12,18 44:15 
44:20,24 45:7,16,18 
45:20,24 46:3 47:4,7 
48:15,21,24 
Scarola's 24:14 
scheduled 15:19 
scheduling 16:14 
scheme 11:23 
scope 38:12 43:15 
Scott 2:9 4:14,17 11:22 
seal 22:9,17 34:20 
sealed 21.7,8 22:11,14 
23:10,13 39:11,13,15 
43:3 
SEARCY 2:4 
seated 3:3 
second 12:25 32:11 
43:1 
Section 28:24 29:11 
see 9:19 16:11,12 32:14 
33:25 34:1 47:15 
seeking 9:8 12:6 29:18 
31:3 41:15 46:8 
seen 8:23 34:4 
select 19:15 
self-acknowledged 
48:17 
semantics 36:1 
send 27:18 31:24 
sense 23:19 
sent 22:5 26:4,7,7,25 
27:6 28:11 30:5 44:2 
separate 34:13 
sequentially 20:21 
sequestration 34:20 
serious 17:18 
served 31:17 
serving 12:23 
set 25:25 41:11 
setting 46:7 
seven 26:5 40:11,13 
41:25 
sexual 42:5 
Shapiro 5:13 
SHIPLEY 2:4 
short 16:7 
Shorthand 50:8 
show 5:9 15:10,20 
16:13 31:17 32:21 
33:16,19 34:7 35:1 
38:18,18 40:19 41:10 
46:19 
showed 36:20 
showing 35:1 
shows 6:3 28:4 32:16 
32:19 
sic 27:7 
sign 3:23 
significant 8:15 
simple 18:12 23:21 
33:14 34:2 
simply 19:2 
since 13:20 20:7 42:21 
48:12 
single 10:4,22 11:1,6 
22:8 
sir 3:14 10:2 14:7 17:20 
20:6 43:18 44:15,24 
45:16,16,18 46:3 47:7 
48:21 
sitting 21:12 
solely 12:21 
some 7:14 16:7 19:21 
25:17,18 27:12 30:10 
31:8 32:18 34:24 
35:20 
somebody 23:3 43:3 
somehow 23:22 27:20 
someone 27:2 32:17 
sometime 32:22 
sometimes 48:14 
sorry 9:7 10:22 18:23 
19:8 24:20 41:7 
42:17 44:24 47:23 
sort 27:11,12 30:21 
sound 3:11 
sources 28:22 
Southern 1:1,15 48:20 
speak 10:23 35:4 41:16 
speaking 33:20 
special 11:15,25,25 
12:24 14:3,8 23:8 
24:16,20 26:8,12,17 
26:23 32:20,21 37:4 
specialist 26:21 32:13 
specific 10:16 45:8 
specifically 9:1 15:6 
29:11 
spell 3:23 4:17 7:2 
stake 8:15 
stamp 13:25 
stamped 12:13 
stamping 12:22 
Stand 42:23 
standing 6:10 34:9 
started 9:22 25:11 
starts 24:23 
state 4:23 9:10,15 11:8 
11:9 12:5,18 13:2 
14:18 20:1222:13 
25:2,3,22 34:18,22 
35:23 36:17,19 38:16 
39:5,11 40:3,4 42:9 
43:3 44:23,25 45:1,22 
50:5,9,20 
stated 26:12 44:145:9 
50:12 
statement 41:18 46:7 
STATES 1:1,14 
stay 29:21 
stemmed 40:7 
step 4:1 35:3 
Stettin 25:5,7 
still 39:1 46:18 
stipulate 18:15 
stopped 20:24 
STORFER 2:10 
strictly 35:11 
strike 21:16 
striking 23:15 
sub 14:5 
subject 11:14,24 13:10 
36:5,8 45:11 
submit 15:16 
submitted 14:3 19:22 
24:4 
subpoena 7:18 12:5 
13:2 25:3,12,23 
sudden 27:16 
suffered 32:10 
suggest 18:17 
suggested 24:16 
summaries 39:2 
supplemental 13:21 
21:6 
supposed 3:23 14:13,20 
15:4 
supposedly 11:1 
sure 19:19 21:21,25 
28:15 43:6,14 45:24 
47:22 
sworn 15:16 17:15 
18:11 
system 3: I 2 
S-c-o-t-t 4:17 
S.R 5:16 
T 
table 3:19 4:8 
take 16:25 17:11 22:10 
33:24 40:3,18 41:9 
45:22 48:19 
taken 15:18 16:22 
22:12,13 
talk 20:16 
talking 9:22 25:13 
29:20 36:10 
task 12:22 
technically 8:25 
telephone 2:18 
telephonic 6:8 
teleported 24:3 
tell 21:22 22:24,24 23:2 
38:8 
telling 34:9 
Ten 40:9 
terms 17:17 34:14 
testimony 15:16 38:20 
42:11 
thank 3:25 4:18,18 5:7 
5:7,23 6:7,10,14,16 
6:19,21 9:20 16:6 
17:20,22,25 19:11 
24:9,10,11 33:7 35:16 
35:17 40:25 41:5,8 
43:11,18 46:3,4 47:2 
47:7,8 48:6,7,21,22 
48:23,24 49:1,2,3 
their 9:11,13 21:19 
23:19 27:6 30:15,18 
30:20 33:22 34:8 
38:13,20 43:9 
thereto 5:10 
thing 15:3 20:13 22:8 
23:16 30:21 37:8 
47:9 
things 15:9 16:2,11 
21:1 33:17 36:7 
42:18 
think 3:14 7:18,22 8:14 
19:9 22:21,22 23:19 
23:20 24:14 25:12 
26:21,22 28:15 29:6 
29:14 32:23,24 35:25 
36:10 
thinks 24:3 
though 29:7 38:10 
thought 36:13,21 
three 5:8 7:21 8:5,6,20 
9:2,7,8 46:9 
threw 27:3 
through 6:22 20:21 
24:6 27:9 34:12 
38:13 
thrown 27:14 
time 12:2,17 16:7,22 
32:17 36:14 41:5 
48:25 49:3 
timeframe 47:4 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00810881
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page
Title 29:1,19 
today 5:9 6:18 15:9 
21:4 25:14 26:3 
33:21 35:9 41:5 44:1 
48:25 
today's 47:1 
together 49:4 
told 10:9 14:24 23:14 
24:1 26:17 
touched 36:16 
trace 11:18 
transcribed 1:23 50:11 
transfer 44:21 
transferred 38:13 
44:17 
transferring 38:13 
transmission 38:24,24 
transmit 38:19 
trial 13:19 14:18,2122 
tried 27:11 
trust 4:25 
trustee 4:20,23 12:24 
24:19,21 25:7,8 26:1 
trying 37:14 38:11 
turn 27:16 
turned 12:1121 27:24 
Turning 5:12 
two 7:19 9:1,23 11:3 
18:19 21:14 28:22 
29:24 30:3 35:3,3 
42:18 
U 
unambiguous 15:13 
28:8 
under 15:1229:11,13 
29:19 31:12 33:25 
34:20 38:6 40:19 
41:10 
understand 10:4 19:12 
34:3 39:10 
understanding 11:2 
understands 19:19 
7'7:1 
understood 46:6 
undoubtedly 32:25 
UNIDENTIFIED 
37:23 42:13 49:3 
UNITED 1:1,14 
unlawfully 16:18 
unless 5:5 
until 13:18 20:18 22:17 
24:5 44:13 
use 27:11 37:10 39:7 
using 34:21 37:15 
U.S 6:12 
V 
vast 21:1 
very 10:4 17:1820:17 
24:15 25:18,20 26:15 
27:8,8 29:16 31:11 
33:13 34:1 36:4 
40:25 43:1147:7,8 
48:7,21 49:2 
via 2:18 
victims 8:5,6,14 42:1 
victim's 7:20 
violated 15:13 30:5 
34:16 
violation 15:17 16:15 
23:22 28:14 30:10,25 
40:6.6 44:6 45:3,5,21 
violations 17:19 29:21 
29:21,22 
voice 3:13 
voiced 37:4 
W 
wait 47:10,10,10,10,10 
47:11 
waiting 23:11 
want 6:2 9:25 16:8,25 
17:11 19:18 20:17 
21:25 25:20 30:24 
31:11,13,14 32:13 
33:24 35:20 36:9 
43:14 45:2 46:5,7,18 
wanted 4:22,23 16:22 
33:12 43:6 
wants 43:2 
wasn't 11:14 19:23 
23:8 44:12 
way 25:1 26:19 
weeks 13:20 
well 17:24 18:8 24:22 
26:16 30:5 31:14 
33:24 35:23 36:2 
37:19 38:4 40:14,18 
41:18 43:23 44:1520 
46:16 
went 14:8,8 26:11,12 
26:17 33:10 
were 1:18 5:220 9:2 
10:12,14,15 11:3,4,5 
12:11 13:17 14:12,14 
14:18 16:5 20:22 
21:5 28:11 30:8 
32:16,19,25 33:11 
37:14 41:13 43:24 
50:11 
weren't 7:16,17 
we'll 5:21 46:23,25 
48:2,3 
we're 5:4,5 9:22 16:10 
22:5 23:14 25:13 
31:20 36:1 38:11 
41:9 43:15 44:25 
we've 21:17 22:12 24:4 
29:2 31:8,12 
whatsoever 37:9 
While 17:12 
White 2:14 4:7,9 8:10 
8:23 10:13 11:3 
12:12,12,16,19 13:5,9 
14:2,17,23,25 15:7,15 
17:1,5 18:6,15 20:16 
20:20 22:6,11 23:1,6 
23:22 24:12 26:3 
27:1,1,1231:6,18,18 
32:3,9,25 36:15,22 
37:5,16,25 38:5,13,19 
40:11,2243:245:10 
White's 11:1 13:8 
20:16 22:25 31:10.15 
38:3 
whole 35:3 
willful 29:21 
wiped 21:10 
withdraw 15:25 
withdrawal 16:16 
with-on 19:1 
WITNESS 50:14 
work 15:7 21:24 23:9 
26:24 
working 22:5 
wrap 46:19 
writ 21:15 
written 8:9 
wrong 8:25 
years 26:24 27:15 40:9 
40:12,13 45:15 
York 48:14 
09-34791-RBR 
120:21 50:13 
1:30 1:17 
26:5 
10-minute 16:6 
105(a) 28:24 29:11,13 
29:17 
1068 24:24 
27:9 29:1,19 
11th 29:8 31:2,9,12 
1120 24:24 
1194 24:24 25:21 26:2 
27:9 
1:10,16 
138863 50:21 
15th 19:24 
18th 50:14 
2010 9:3 12:16 13:14 
13:20 20:16 22:6 
23:3,9 24:3 26:5 27:9 
37:4,13,16 
2018 1:10,17 19:16 
20:18 22:7 24:5 
27:10 34:13 50:15 
2021 50:21 
50:21 
27,000 19:21 20:2.5.21 
299 1:15 
9:1 
12:15 
30th 37:12 
10:12 14:24 27:16 
27:24 30:5 44:13 
4th 21:1522 23:18 
21:5,5 22:3 23:10 
36:19 
5,000 20:22,25 
617 24:23 
6325 1:9 
6326 1:9 
6344 1:9 47:16 
6345 1:9 41:24 47:13 
47:14,15 
672 24:23 
807 24:24 
888 24:24 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00810882

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810883.pdf
----------------------------------------
••• 
international jet 
i
m 
T
E
R 
i
O
R
S 
2221 SMITHTOWN AVENUE. LONG ISLAND IAACARTHUR AIRPORT. RONKONKOIAA. NEW YORK 11779 
631.737.5900 P 
631.737.1249 F 
July 7. 2017 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Plan D, LLC 
6100 Red Hood Quarters B3 
St Thomas USVI 00802 
Proposal ER017007R6 
Gulfstream 550, 
Serial No. 5173, 
Registration No. N415LM 
Jeffrey. 
With the mutual understanding that the delivery date is Monday August 141". the items highlighted in red 
can't be accomplished during this down time. 
Floor Plan 
COCKPIT AREA 
208 
Crew Seats 
The crew seats will be stripped of existing materials. The seats will be function-checked for proper 
operation. The customer will be notified of any additional costs required to repair or replace broken 
parts for approval. The cushions. arm rests and related sections will be upholstered with customer-
approved material on the bottom and back cushions. The existing seat and shoulder harness 
assemblies will receive new color-coordinating webbing using the existing hardware. 
209 
Control Column Boots 
Fabricate and install new control column boots in leather to color coordinate. 
EFTA00810883
--- PAGE 2 ---
ENTRYWAY AREA 
304 
Entry Door / Airstair Treatment 
The steps and risers will be stripped and recovered in a similar, color coordinating rubber tread 
material. 
314 
Forward Lavatory Potty Seat & Shroud 
The forward lavatory potty seat and surround(s) will be stripped and upholstered with customer-
approved leather. 
320 
Jump Seat 
The pull out jump seat will be stripped of existing materials. The seat will be function-checked for 
proper operation. The customer will be notified of any additional costs required to repair or replace 
broken parts for approval. The cushions, arm rests and related sections will be upholstered with 
customer-approved material. The existing seat and shoulder harness assemblies will receive new 
color-coordinated webbing using the existing hardware. 
325 
Floor Covering (Entryway) 
A 100% wool custom carpet will be fitted, cut and installed for the entry floor. One (1) entry area 
throw mat will be cut. serged and provided. 
MAIN CABIN AREA 
409 
Lower Side Panels 
The main cabin area lower side panels will be stripped and laminated with 0.125" foam as required. 
The panels will be covered in customer-approved material. 
415 
Mid Cabin Curtain 
The mid cabin curtain will be replaced using the existing retaining system. Fabricate two (2) new 
curtains with customer-approved fabric. 
417 
Aft Cabin Curtain 
The aft cabin will be replaced. Fabricate one (1) curtain with customer-approved material. The 
curtain will be retained through use of rare earth magnets and an embedded metal strip in the 
curtain to keep the curtain tight against the bulkhead. 
420 
Cabin Single Seats 
The eight (8) 16g cabin single chairs will be stripped of existing materials. The chair frames will be 
cleaned and exposed areas will be prepped and painted to match the dress cover material. 
Cushions will be fabricated with multiple density DAX foam to coordinate with the upholstery design. 
The cushions, arm rests and related parts will be upholstered in customer-approved leather. The 
existing seat belts will receive new color-coordinated webbing using the existing hardware. Seats 
will be fire blocked as per Item 803 of this proposal. The two (2) aft cabin chairs will be styled 
differently than the forward four cabin chairs. The R/H & UH #3 seats will not be reinstalled. 
Note: 
Cabin seats will be removed and functionally tested for proper operation, and the 
customer notified of any discrepancies identified and options for repairs. 
420 
Cabin Single Seats 
The #2 PM and #2 UH 16g chairs will be modified to incorporate recliner footrests in accordance 
with manufacturer's Service Bulletin for 16g certification. 
-2- Base Assemblies 
-2- Base Shrouds 
-2- Seat Frame Shroud Assemblies 
-2- Legrest Assemblies 
EFTA00810884
--- PAGE 3 ---
-2- Swivel Stops 
-2- Spring Assemblies (Arms to be reworked) 
-2 Recline Levers 
-1- Service Bulletin 
422 
Divan(s) 
The two (2) mid cabin 16g divan(s) will be stripped of existing materials. Cushions will be fabricated 
with multiple density DAX foam to coordinate with the upholstery design. The cushions, center arm 
rests (if any), and related parts, will be upholstered in customer-approved suede. The existing seat 
and shoulder harness belts will receive new color-coordinated webbing using the existing hardware. 
Seating will be fire blocked as per Item 803 of this proposal. 
424 
Credenza 
Fabricate one (1) new padded leather credenza cover to replace existing. 
425 
Floor Covering (Main Cabin) 
A 100% wool custom carpet will be fitted, cut and installed throughout the main cabin to include 
seat bases and side heat ducts. All unfinished edges will be serged as required or aesthetically 
pleasing. One (1) set of throw mats for the main cabin seating areas will be cut, serged and 
provided. 
GALLEY AREA 
502 
Aft R/H Galley 
Replace the see through plexiglass doors in the upper hutch with new composite door sliders 
laminated in wood veneer. Finish wood veneer in a high build finish. 
503 
Aft LJH Galley 
Replace the see through plexiglass doors in the upper hutch with new composite door sliders 
laminated in wood veneer. Finish wood veneer in a high build finish. 
525 
Floor Covering (Galley) 
A decorative vinyl flooring (TBD) will be fitted, cut and installed in the aft galley area. 
AFT LAVATORY AREA 
606 
Aft Lavatory Potty Seat & Shroud 
The aft lavatory potty seat and surround(s) will be stripped and upholstered with customer-
approved leather. 
625 
Floor Covering (Aft Lavatory) 
A 100% wool custom carpet will be fitted, cut and installed in the aft lavatory. All unfinished edges 
will be serged as required or aesthetically pleasing. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
801 
Incoming Inspection I Remove Interior 
Prior to any work being performed on the aircraft after its arrival, the interior will be evaluated as it 
relates to the Work Scope. Cabin lighting. cabinetry, seating, and other interior furnishings will be 
function-checked prior to removal of the interior. All items of damage or any discrepancies-
including flight squawks reported by the flight crew, will be listed and a plan of action determined. 
All interior furnishings and components will be removed as required to facilitate the Work Scope. 
EFTA00810885
--- PAGE 4 ---
802 
Install Interior / Detail Interior 
All equipment and/or furnishings included in this Work Scope that have been removed, refurbished, 
fabricated new, and / or procured for this aircraft will be installed. 
803 
Fire Blocking 
The belted aircraft cushions will be "fire blocked" to comply with F.A.R. 25.853 (c) Appendix F, 
Part II. FAA conformity and burn test procedures will be performed. An approved FAA Form 
8110-3 certifying compliance will be provided. Price includes two (2) dress cover materials for the 
seats and one (1) dress cover material for the divan. 
804 
Composite Burn Certification 
All materials as required will be tested to comply with F.A.R. 25.853 (a) Amdt. 25-116 Appendix F 
Part I (a) (1) (ii). FAA conformity and burn test procedures will be performed. Provide approved 
FAA Form(s) 8110-3 certifying compliance. 
808 
Placards 
Affected areas of the aircraft interior will be placarded in accordance with applicable Federal 
Aviation Regulations. All placards unless specified otherwise will be self-adhesive type and in the 
English language. 
829 
Engineering / Certification 
Modifications to the aircraft, including newly designed and installed interior furnishings will all be 
engineered to meet the appropriate Federal Aviation Regulations. This work will be approved by a 
Designated Engineering Representative(s) of the F.A.A. and approved on FAA Form 8110-3 and 
FAA Form 337. 
CHANGE ORDER ITEMS REQUESTED by JE 
316 
Fwd Lavatory Door 
Design and fabricate a wood veneer overlay cover for the vacant / occupied sign to make it 
aesthetically blend in with the interior and not make it so conspicuously obvious. The cover will 
have one (1) hole that will display either color green (for vacant) or red (for occupied) and a thin 
horizontal slot for the lock override pin. 
317 
Fwd Crew Galley 
Remove the existing hot water container and associated wiring. Modify the space to accept a 
customer supplied carry on small coffee maker (loose equipment). Relocate existing drawer if 
possible. All interior surfaces to be painted to match existing. Install new 110v 60Hz provisional 
outlet and associated wiring. 
404 
Hand Rails 
Unfasten the cabin area PSU / valence assemblies to gain access to the wood veneered hand 
rails. Remove the hand rails from the PSU assemblies. Prep and cover the hand rails in the 
same ultraleather material as the PSU's to match. Reinstall newly covered hand rails and 
reinstall PSU assemblies. 
412 
Fwd Cabin Bulkheads 
Remove the two (2) leather covered seat belt bumper pads. Template and fabricate thin kydex 
EFTA00810886
--- PAGE 5 ---
overlay panels. Cover panels in Hermes fabric to match the lower side walls. Remove and 
reinstall existing magazine racks (R/H has cabin temp sensor). Relocate any required placards 
and ash tray. Cover both magazine racks in the Hermes fabric to match the bulkheads. 
Fabricate one sliding panel to cover the monitor — tracks will be exposed. 
413 
Fwd Cabin Door 
Cover the cabin side of the twd cabin pocket door in the same Hermes fabric as the cabin 
bulkheads. 
420 
Cabin Single Seats 
Fabricate a heavy duty metal screen and paint to match the carpet over the floor decompression 
blow out panel. Remove sub woofer at L/H #3 seat. Cap and stow wiring. 
423 
Divan End Arm Cabinets 
Design and fabricate light weight composite "sleeve to fit over the four (4) existing end arm 
cabinets. Relocate existing Cabin Management Switches to the outboard ledges of each divan 
rescpetively. 
606 
Aft Lavatory Potty Seat & Shroud 
Laminate an additional .75" foam to the top of the potty seat for additional comfort. Laminate the 
potty seat deck with high gloss white high pressure laminate. Prep and paint toilet seat ring high 
gloss white to match new laminate. 
611 
R/H Aft Lavatory Closet 
Modify closet by fabricating and installing a recessed cavity toilet paper holder. Inside of cavity will 
be laminated in wood veneer. Finish wood veneer in a high build finish. 
823 
Hardware and Components 
Upon inspection by the seat belt manufacturer it has been identified that the two (2) crew belts and 
the jump seat belts need to be repaired in order to be re-webbed. The reels are not dampening. 
823 
Spare Material $ 
Customer decided to change the already agreed upon Suede (being used for the divan upholstery) 
and elects fabric. Please note that some of the suede has been used for preliminary fireblock 
testing to insure the material would pass successfully (it did). Procure new fabric to replace existing 
suede for the two (2) divans. 
I 01:11, link'', 
I Ktti 
f'iLt-r:i I I I'' , 
I 
ITH 
7$117-ftl 
[TIC 
We can not accomplish the items below during this downtime 
410 
Sidewall Tables $ 
Strip the existing veneer from the top side of the two (2) fwd sidewall tables. Create leather inserts 
inlayed into table tops. 
410 
Sidewall Tables $ 
Replace three (3) custom made wide table pull out tray handles. The handles for these tables were 
produced specifically for these tables and have flip out locking mechanisms. 
503 
Aft L/H Galley (Coffee Makers) 
Remove the existing dual coffee makers from the upper galley area. Finish out area to conceal 
all non-essential wiring / plumbing / etc. Cap and stow existing electrical wiring and plumbing for 
EFTA00810887
--- PAGE 6 ---
the coffee makers. New interior surfaces painted to match the existing laminate. 
503 
Aft LJH Galley (Oven) 
Remove the existing oven from the lower galley area. Finish out area to conceal all non-essential 
wiring / plumbing / etc. Cap and stow existing electrical wiring for the oven. New interior surfaces 
painted to match the existing laminate. 
805 
Countertops 
Fabricate new substrate and solid surface countertops for the aft galleys and the aft lavatory 
vanity. Fabricate and install new rectangular sink for aft lavatory vanity. 
Phone charger cradle 
EFTA00810888
--- PAGE 7 ---
PROPOSAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
101 
Work Scope 
These specifications are for the anticipated work to be performed in the refurbishment as outlined 
within. The quoted price(s) include all known basic items to enable the specified installations to 
perform their intended function based on this specification. 
102 
Change Orders 
If Customer requests changes to the work scope as outlined herein or discrepancy repair conditions 
are found, Customer will be provided with a Change Order or such other pricing summary as 
International Jet Interiors may deem appropriate. The Change Order / similar will state the change 
or addition to the scope of work and will inform Customer of the impact this change has to price 
and the estimated delivery date. The Change Order(s) will reference and amend this Proposal. 
Customer will be required to sign the Change Order(s) before the work scope change or additional 
work will begin. Any delay in Customer signing the Change Order / similar may result in a minimum 
of one (1) additional day added to the estimated delivery date for each day the Change Order 
remains unsigned and unreturned to International Jet Interiors. 
103 
Incoming Evaluation 
Prior to any work being performed on the aircraft after its arrival, the interior will be evaluated as it 
relates to the Work Scope. Cabin lighting, cabinetry, seating and other interior furnishings will be 
function checked prior to removal of the interior. All items of damage or any discrepancies, including 
flight squawks reported by the flight crew, will be listed and a plan of action determined. 
104 
Correction of Discrepancies 
This Proposal does not include repairs to the Aircraft resulting from discrepancies in the Aircraft 
discovered during the performance of the agreed Work Scope. Correction of discrepancies 
pursuant to this provision will be preceded in writing by an International Jet Interiors Change Order, 
submitted for Customer approval with an estimate of cost and time delay in delivery, if any. 
107 
Representation / Access 
The customer's representatives will have access to the premises during regular working hours in 
order to inspect the aircraft, check the results of the work performed, and investigate the progress 
of the work. 
108 
Documentation / Federal Aviation Administration Acceptance 
All installations will be made in accordance with specifications stated herein and will be FAA 
approved by FAA Form 337 or other form of Federal Aviation Administration approval in compliance 
with applicable FAA regulations. It is the intent of International Jet Interiors to approve modifications 
utilizing FAA Form 337 unless otherwise stated and this work has been quoted predicated upon 
this assumption. If a 337 approval is unacceptable to the FAA, an STC may be required. The 
additional cost and downtime for certification effort required to generate an STC is not included in 
this proposal and will be quoted separately subject to Customer approval. 
The following documentation will be supplied by International Jet Interiors upon delivery of the 
aircraft where applicable to installations and modifications performed: 
a. FAA Form 337 covering work accomplished on the aircraft. 
b. A copy of the certification of all fabrics and materials that state that they meet the applicable 
Federal Aviation Administration requirements. 
109 
Test Flight(s) 
International Jet Interiors will provide all necessary personnel to perform in flight inspections if 
elected by the customer. The customer will be responsible for all fuel, pilots, oil, and related 
EFTA00810889
--- PAGE 8 ---
operating expenses to perform test flights. The test flight(s) will be limited to those necessary to 
evaluate the installations and modifications made by International Jet Interiors. 
110 
Refurbishment: General 
a. All interior finish items will be selected for durability and ease of maintenance with weight a 
primary consideration. The interior layout and arrangement, color schemes, and finish material 
selections will be in accordance with the customer approved sample(s) / presentation(s). 
Engineering and the choice of construction materials and fabrication techniques will be the 
responsibility of International Jet Interiors and will be in accordance with the accepted and 
current aircraft procedures and practices. 
b. All fabrics and materials not inherently flame resistant will be treated with a fireproofing 
protection process in accordance with applicable FAA specifications. International Jet Interiors 
will be responsible for flammability testing and certification of materials. 
c. My existing wiring or tubing made obsolete by the Work Scope will be capped and stowed. 
Wiring or tubing removal, if requested by the Customer, will be at an additional charge. 
d. Removed equipment that is not to be reinstalled as part of this contract will become the property 
of International Jet Interiors unless stated otherwise. 
e. International Jet Interiors reserves the right to photograph and/or take video of the interior and 
exterior of the aircraft for general marketing purposes. International Jet Interiors is authorized 
to copyright, use and publish the photographs and / or video in print and / or electronically and 
will make commercially reasonable efforts to not name the owner(s) and if applicable, lessor(s), 
and or lessee(s) or show any identifying information. 
f. International Jet Interiors shall have the right to subcontract any portion of the work scope. 
g. This Proposal has been prepared based on customer furnished information, equipment, 
furnishings and avionics equipment list(s). It may be subject to change pending review of 
aircraft specific information including wiring diagrams, avionics software and inspection of 
aircraft and interior configuration. This proposal does not include any additional costs which 
may be incurred from service bulletin /mod status upgrades or repairs to units sent out for 
modification to return them to serviceability as discovered on incoming bench check. 
h. Unless specifically outlined in this Proposal, pricing does not include relocation of existing 
equipment such as antennas, controls etc. to accommodate new components and will be 
quoted separately subject to Customer approval. 
i. 
This Proposal is contingent upon the Customer supplying, within lead times or upon induction, 
all avionic, electrical, system, interior or structural drawings, diagrams, analysis and records, 
which accurately represent the current condition of the aircraft, as approved by the relevant 
aviation authority, and which are required by International Jet Interiors, Inc. to conduct the work 
scope. If any of the above pertinent data is not available in a timely manner, I.J.I. will re-create 
the missing information as required to support the Work Scope on a time and material charge 
basis to the Customer. Please note that the aircraft schedule and/or downtime may also be 
adversely affected by lack of this data. 
j. The Customer is responsible for all specific preservation tasks related to the Aircraft, its engines 
or systems that are required or may become required while the Aircraft is at International Jet 
Interiors facility for the elected work scope. 
k. This Proposal is contingent on all work being accomplished during a single, coordinated 
maintenance visit. 
106 
Statement of Warranty 
Upon delivery and acceptance of the refurbished aircraft, International Jet Interiors warrants its 
goods and services supplied to be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal 
use for a period of 1,500 aircraft flying hours or three (3) years, whichever occurs first. 
No Warranty applies to Services related to the refinishing of existing woodwork where the veneer 
is not replaced; previous coating integrity cannot be ensured and is therefore not warrantable. 
EFTA00810890
--- PAGE 9 ---
International Jet Interiors warrants that the services performed hereunder will comply with 
applicable FAA regulations in effect as of the date the work is performed (as interpreted by the FAA 
office having jurisdiction over the facility at which the work is performed), and will be free from 
defects in workmanship and material. The warranty on all new and used components shall be 
limited to the warranty provided by the supplying manufacturer or vendor, if any. This warranty 
does not apply to (i) normal wear and tear, (ii) the consequences of accidents, negligence, abuse 
or misuse, or of repair, removal, reinstallation or alteration other than by International Jet Interiors 
and, (iii) to Customer furnished parts or equipment or to work which, at Customers direction, was 
not performed in accordance with International Jet Interiors standard operating procedures. The 
sole and exclusive remedy of customer, and International Jet Interiors' sole exclusive 
liability, with respect to this warranty is limited to repair or replacement (at International Jet 
Interiors option) of the nonconforming or defective work or component. Such repair or 
replacement shall be performed at International Jet Interiors facility and customer shall be 
responsible for all transportation costs. THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF, AND THE 
CUSTOMER HEREBY WAVES, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE. 
In no event shall International Jet Interiors be liable for any special, incidental, consequential and/or 
punitive damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits, loss of goodwill, loss of use, loss of 
time, diminution of value, or inconvenience, even if informed of the possibility of such damages. In 
the event International Jet Interiors physically damages Customers property, Customers sole and 
exclusive remedy, and International Jet Interiors' sole and exclusive liability, is limited to the repair 
or replacement (at International Jet Interiors' option) of the damaged portion of the property. 
International Jet Interiors will use reasonable efforts to complete the Work Scope in a timely 
manner. Any completion or promised date is merely an estimated completion date and is not 
guaranteed. International Jet Interiors will not be liable to Customer for any failure to meet its 
obligations under the Agreement or this Proposal due to any cause beyond its reasonable control, 
including, without limitation, (i) government embargoes or other governmental acts that interfere 
with International Jet Interiors' performance, (ii) any other acts or failure to act of any government, 
including delays, failure, or refusal to grant approval(s) by the FAA or other aviation authority. (iii) 
blockades, (iv) seizure or freeze of assets, (v) fires, earthquakes, floods, severe weather conditions, 
or any other acts of God, (vi) labor strikes or lockout, (vii) riots, strife, insurrection, civil 
disobedience, armed conflict, terrorism, or war (declared or not), or impending threat of any of the 
foregoing if reasonably expected to cause injury to people or property, or (viii) shortages of or 
inability to obtain materials or supplies. 
If the work performed in connection with this is to be performed at International Jet Interiors facility 
in New York, the Agreement and this Proposal shall be subject to and interpreted in accordance 
with the laws of the State of New York. irrespective of its choice of law principles. Customer agrees 
that any dispute regarding the Agreement or this Proposal shall be resolved exclusively in the either 
Federal or State court in New York and hereby consents to exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in 
New York to resolve any disputes regarding this Proposal. 
Upon entering into the Agreement, the Agreement and this Proposal and all of the terms and 
conditions set forth therein are binding on and enforceable by and against the parties, their 
successors, legal representatives, and assigns. No part of this Proposal or the Agreement shall 
be affected if any other part of it is held invalid or unenforceable. The Agreement and this Proposal 
shall constitute the sole agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters set forth 
in the Agreement and this Proposal, superseding any and all prior oral and written agreements or 
understandings. The Agreement and this Proposal may only be modified by a written addendum 
specifically referencing the Agreement and this Proposal which is signed by the parties. 
To secure Customer's obligations to make full payment to Company, Customer grants to Company 
a security interest in the aircraft designated on the face hereof and all other aircraft of Customer 
EFTA00810891
--- PAGE 10 ---
being repaired or reconditioned by Company, until all invoices pertaining to all such aircraft are fully 
paid. Company is hereby authorized to sign Customers name on any documents necessary to 
perfect this security interest. This security interest shall be in addition to any common law or 
statutory repairman's or similar possessory lien, and any other liens granted or permitted by the 
laws of the State of New York or the jurisdiction in which the work is performed. as applicable, each 
of which liens and rights thereunder are expressly reserved by Company. In no event shall the 
aircraft or work be delivered to or be deemed in the possession of Customer (including during any 
ground and flight acceptance test), until such time as Company has been paid all amounts due 
Company under the provisions of this Work Authorization. All of Company's rights and remedies 
shall be cumulative and in addition to all other rights and remedies provided by law and equity, 
including all rights and remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code. 
111 
Proposal Acceptance Instructions 
In order to accept the proposal, client shall sign this document in the space(s) provided, including 
any elected options as outlined within and return executed document by means of electronic mail. 
Signatory attests they have full legal authority to sign this Proposal and Agreement on behalf of 
Customer and represents, warrants and affirms that he or she is an AUTHORIZED AGENT OF 
THE AIRCRAFT OWNER(S). and if applicable, lessor(s), and or lessee(s) with full authority to enter 
into this Agreement. 
112 
Payment Terms and Conditions 
a. Fifty percent (50%) non-refundable deposit of the contract total is due upon acceptance of this 
proposal. 
b. Twenty-Five percent (25%) due after five (5) weeks (estimated completion mid-point). 
c. Total balance due upon completion and acceptance of work performed by wire transferred 
funds prior to delivery of aircraft. 
d. Aircraft maintenance and refurbishment is SALES TAX EXEMPT in New York State. 
e. All funds must be in U.S. Dollars. 
f. 
The prices contained in this Proposal shall remain firm for a period of thirty (30) days. 
114 
Remittance Instructions 
Wire Transfer 
International Jet Interiors. Inc. 
Instructions: 
2221 Smithtown Avenue 
Long Island MacArthur Airport 
Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
Bank Identifiers: 
Bank 
Instructions: 
Jericho Triangle 
Jericho. New York 11753 
Account No. 9852497537 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 022000046 
Note: 
Please reference one of the following (as applicable): 
• 
Invoice Number 
• 
Work Order Number 
• 
Aircraft Registration & Serial Number 
EFTA00810892
--- PAGE 11 ---
ill has been 
featured tn..• 
international jet 
EXPERIENCE 
SOMETHING 
EXTRAORDINARY 
letroin/ 
et 
/ed 
• 
E litNewNark ems 
•t• 
• 
ENT•NTAINI•I. 
mkt Ansloke.teltemore Spam 
it3.114Y4 
•-•— • e-. - ••••• • 
1HE WALL STREILKILINAL 
EFTA00810893

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810894.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Steven, 
I assume you watched the Manson movie. 
My friend Michael Simmons asked me about its vibes. 
I replied that I felt strange. It wasn't me. I didn't feel 
afraid there. I brought the LSD there; the girls hadn't 
asked for it. And I didn't have a bad trip there. I 
didn't wake up laying on the floor and hugging the 
toilet. 
There wasn't any flirting me, nor vice-versa, though I 
knew a journalist who had sex with one of them, and 
a lawyer of two of them for a three some. The actor 
playing me smooched with Squeaky. I never did that. 
Below is a recent article about Charles Manson wrote 
for a collection of a book that Fantagraphics Press 
which will be in mid-March. 
Please consider the editor of Rolling Stone. 
Carry on, 
paul 
EFTA00810894
--- PAGE 2 ---
Zapped 
byte 
Cod of-Absurdity 
The Best of Paul krassaer 
Introduction b 
Andy Borowitz 
EFTA00810895
--- PAGE 3 ---
The Parts Left Out of Manson's Obituaries 
By Paul Krassner 
When Charles Manson was a prison inmate, he got introduced to 
Scientology by fellow prisoners, and his ability to psych out people was 
intensified so that he could zero in on their weaknesses and fears. In 
1967, he was released and went to the Scientology Center in San 
Francisco. A friend who accompanied him there told me, "Charlie said 
to them, 'I'm Clear - what do I do now?" 
But they expected him to sweep the floor - shit, he had done 
that in jail. However, in Los Angeles, he went to the Scientology 
Celebrity Center. Now this was more like it - there he could mingle with 
the elite. I was able to obtain a copy of the original log entry: "7/31/68, 
new name, Charlie Manson, Devt. No address. In for processing = 
Ethics = Type III." The receptionist - who, by Type III, meant 
"psychotic" - sent him to the Ethics office but he never showed up. 
At the Spahn Ranch, Manson combined his version of Scientology 
auditing with post-hypnotic techniques he had learned in prison, with 
geographical isolation and subliminal motivation, with sing-along 
sessions and encounter games, with LSD and mescaline, with 
transactional analysis and brainwashing rituals, with verbal probing 
and sexual longevity that he had practiced upon himself for all those 
years in the privacy of his cell. He was also raped by fellow inmates. 
EFTA00810896
--- PAGE 4 ---
Ultimately, in August 1969, he sent his well-programmed 
"family" off to slay actress Sharon Tate, some friends, and her 
. Tate's husband, film director Roman Polanski, was in London at 
the time. A few months later, when the family members were captured 
and charged with homicides, Manson was portrayed by the media as a 
hippie cult leader, and the counterculture became a dangerous enemy. 
Hitchhikers were shunned. Communes were raided. In the public's 
mind, flower children had grown poisonous thorns. But Manson was 
never really a hippie. 
He had grown up behind bars. His real family included con 
artists, pimps, drug dealers, thieves, muggers, rapists, and murderers. 
He had known only power relationships in an army of control junkies. 
Indeed, Charlie Manson was America's Frankenstein monster, a logical 
product of the prison system - racist, paranoid, and violent - even if 
hippie astrologers thought that his fate had been predetermined 
because he was a triple Scorpio. 
Now, on their black-painted bus, they visited the Hog Farm 
commune were all in a circle, chanting "Om," which somehow caused 
the visiting Manson to start choking and gagging, so his family began 
counter-chanting "Evil." It was an archetypal confrontation. Charlie 
even tried to get Hugh [later Wavy Gravy] Romney's wife, Bonnie Jean, 
in exchange for one of his girls. But they finally left, mission 
unaccomplished. 
EFTA00810897
--- PAGE 5 ---
Manson had convinced himself and his family that the Beatles' 
songs - "Helter Skelter" and "Blackbird" - were actually harkening a 
race war, which he wanted to hasten by leaving clues to make it 
appear that black militants had done the killing. Stolen credit cards 
were deliberately thrown away in a black neighborhood. Healter (sic) 
Skelter was scrawled with a victim's blood on the refrigerator, and the 
word WAR was scratched onto a victim's stomach. 
Roman Polanski put a $10,000 contract out on Manson's life. 
Meanwhile, Black Panther Eldridge Cleaver was still on the lam. 
He had gone from Cuba to Algeria. Having been arrested for 
possession of marijuana, Timothy Leary escaped from prison to Algeria 
with the help of the Weather Underground, only to be imprisoned by 
his host, Cleaver. Leary escaped from Cleaver's clutches only to be 
arrested by American agents and taken back to the States, then put in 
solitary confinement at Folsom prison, in a cell right next to Manson's. 
The two "hole-mates" couldn't see each other, but they could talk. 
Manson didn't understand why Leary had given people acid without 
trying to control them. 
"They took you off the streets," Manson explained, "so that I 
could continue with your work." 
* * * 
Coincidentally, as I was diving into my Manson research, I 
received a letter from Charlie himself. He had seen in prison a copy of 
EFTA00810898
--- PAGE 6 ---
The Last Supplement to the Whole Earth Catalog co-edited by Ken 
Kesey and me.. During the trial, I had published an apocryphal piece in 
The Realist about Manson's stay at Boys Town - "Charles Manson Was 
My Bunkmate" by Richard Meltzer. A defense attorney read it to 
Manson and he got pissed off. He complained, "You know how long I 
stayed in Boys Town? Two days!" 
In response to his letter, I mentioned that the article had been 
intended only as a satire of media exploitation. He replied: "Yes, 
brother, the world is a satire and I did see all sides of your story, 
'Charlie's Bunkmate.' But I think in Now with no cover. Most people 
take into their minds bad thoughts and call it joking. Some lie and call 
it funny. I don't lie." Shades of Trump. 
In pursuit of information, I visited Warren Hinckle. He was my 
editor at Ramparts, and after that folded, at Scanlan's, which also 
folded, but he had been planning to publish an article on the Manson 
case in Scanlan's, and now he brought me to former FBI agent William 
Turner, who had checked out Doris Day. The only connection she could 
possibly have with the Manson case was that her son, record producer 
Terry Melcher, had met Charlie and was interested in his music, and 
that Melcher was a former tenant of the Beverly Hills mansion where 
the massacre took place. Aha! I realized that could be the focal point of 
my satire - a torrid affair between Doris Day and Charlie Manson - a 
perfect metaphor for the coming together of the image and underbelly 
EFTA00810899
--- PAGE 7 ---
of Hollywood. Just for the hell of it, I wrote to Manson and asked if he 
ever had sex with Doris Day. 
His reply: "Yes, and I also fucked [the Hollywood dog actor] Rin-
Tin-Tin and the Virgin Mary." 
I continued to absorb whatever details I could find out about the 
Manson case. A prison psychiatrist at San Quentin told me of an 
incident he had observed during Manson's trial. A black inmate said to 
Manson, "Look, I don't wanna know about your theories on race, I don't 
wanna hear anything about religion, I just wanna know one thing -
how'd you get them girls to obey you like that?" 
Manson replied, "I got a knack." 
Hinckle also brought me to the renowned private investigator Hal 
Lipset, who informed me that not only did the Los Angeles Police 
Department seize pornographic films and videotapes that they found in 
Sharon Tate's loft, but also that certain members of the LAPD were 
selling them. Lipset had talked with one police source who told him 
exactly which porn flicks were available - a total of seven hours' worth 
for a quarter-million dollars. Lipset began reciting a litany of porn 
videos. The most notorious was Greg Bautzer, an attorney for Howard 
Hughes, with Jane Wyman, the former wife of then-Governor Ronald 
Reagan. There was Sharon Tate with Dean Martin. There was Sharon 
with Steve McQueen. There was Sharon with two black bisexual men. 
Lipset recalled, "The cops weren't too happy about that one." 
EFTA00810900
--- PAGE 8 ---
He told me there was a videotape of Cass Elliot from the Mamas 
and the Papas in an orgy with actors Yul Brynner, Peter Sellers, and 
Warren Beatty - Brynner and Sellers, together with John Phillips of the 
Mamas and the Papas, had offered a $25,000 reward for the capture of 
the killers.. 
I had felt that there was some connection between Charlie's 
executioners and their victims before the murders took place. I finally 
tracked down a reporter who told me that when she was hanging 
around with L.A. police, they showed her a porn video of killer Susan 
Atkins and 
victim Voytek Frykowski, even though, according to the 
myth, they had never met until the night of the massacre. 
But apparently the reporter mentioned the wrong victim, 
because when I asked Manson directly - "Did Susan sleep with 
Frykowski?" - he replied: "You are ill advised and misled. [hairdresser 
victim Jay] Sebring done Susan's hair and I think he sucked one or two 
of her dicks. I'm not sure who she was walking out from her stars and 
cages, that girl loves dick, you know what I mean, hon. Yul Brynner, 
Peter Sellers . . ." 
* 
* 
I came across Billy Doyle's name in Ed Sander's book, The 
Family. Doyle was Cass Elliot's boyfriend. He was also the drug 
connection for two of the victims, Voytek Frykowski and his girlfriend, 
coffee heiress Abigail Folger. Sanders wrote: 
EFTA00810901
--- PAGE 9 ---
Sometime during [the first week in August] a dope dealer from Toronto 
named Billy Doyle was whipped and video-buggered at [the Tate 
residence]. In the days before his death, Sebring had complained to a 
receptionist at his hair shop that someone had burned him for $2,000 
worth of cocaine and he wanted vengeance. Billy Doyle was involved in 
a large-scale dope-import operation involving private planes from 
Jamaica. 
And Dennis Hopper was quoted in the Los Angeles Free Press: 
They had fallen into sadism and masochism and bestiality - and they 
recorded it all on videotape too. The L.A. police told me this. I know 
that three days before they were killed, twenty-five people were 
invited to that house to a mass whipping of a dealer from Sunset Strip 
who'd given them bad dope. 
Naturally, Billy Doyle felt it was rude of Sebring and Frykowski to tie 
him to a chair, whip him, and then fuck him in the ass while a video 
camera taped the proceedings before a live audience. When folksinger 
Phil Ochs and Yippie Jerry Rubin visited Manson in jail, Ochs asked him 
if he knew Doyle. Manson, who had been quite glib up to that point, 
flinched, then hesitated, and said, "No." 
Police investigators eliminated Doyle as a suspect in the 
murders. However, on the Friday evening just a few hours before the 
massacre took place, Joel Rostau - the boyfriend of Sebring's 
receptionist and an intermediary in a cocaine ring - visited Sebring and 
Frykowski at the Tate house, to deliver mescaline and coke. During the 
Manson trial, several associates of Sebring were murdered, including 
Rostau, whose body was found in the trunk of a car in New York. So it 
appeared that the Manson family had actually served as some sort of 
hit squad for a drug ring. 
EFTA00810902
--- PAGE 10 ---
Voytek Frykowski's father had financed Roman Polanski's first 
film. He and Abigail Folger, were staying at the Polanski residence. She 
was paying the rent and supplying him with the money for their daily 
drug supplies. In July 1969, Billy Doyle promised Frykowski a new 
synthetic drug, MDMMA, made in Canada. I had tried MDMA a few 
times - it felt like a combination of mescaline and amphetamine, acting 
as an extraordinary energizer and, if you were with the right person, a 
powerful aphrodisiac. The plan was for Frykowski to become the 
American distributor of MDMA. He was hoping to sell a screenplay, but 
it's always nice to have something to fall back on. 
Peter Folger was the coffee tycoon whose daughter Abigail had 
been one of the victims. She supported Tom Bradley as the first black 
candidate for mayor of Los Angeles, despite the objection of her father, 
who had a reputation as a fierce racist. While Ed Sanders was 
researching his Manson book, he received a Mafia kiss from a lawyer 
for Peter Folger. 
* * * 
Within a week after the murders, there was a dawn raid on the 
Spahn Ranch, with a grand-theft-auto search warrant. The Manson 
group had been stealing Volkswagens and turning them into dune 
buggies. Manson and four family members - Linda Kasabian, Susan 
Atkins, Patricia Krenwinkel and Leslie van Houten - were arrested, then 
released in three days. But, while they were in confinement, Atkins told 
EFTA00810903
--- PAGE 11 ---
her cellmate about the murders, and when the cellmate was released, 
she informed the Los Angeles police. 
By this time, Manson and the others had moved to another ranch 
in Death Valley, where they were arrested again. Preston Guillory, a 
former deputy sheriff at the Malibu Sheriff's Department, aided the Los 
Angeles Sheriff's Department in the original raid of the Spahn Ranch. 
Guillory had participated in that raid, and I interviewed him at an 
apartment in San Francisco. He stated: 
We had been briefed for a few weeks prior to the actual raiding 
of Spahn Ranch. We had a sheaf of memos on Manson, that they 
had automatic weapons at the ranch, that citizens had 
complained about hearing machine-guns fired at night, that 
firemen from the local fire station had been accosted by armed 
members of Manson's band and told to get out of the area, all 
sorts of complaints like this. 
We had been advised to put anything relating to Manson on a 
memo submitted to the station, because they were supposedly 
gathering information for the raid we were going to make. 
Deputies at the station of course started asking, "Why aren't we 
going to make the raid sooner?" I mean, Manson's a parole 
violator, machine-guns have been heard, we know there's 
narcotics and we know there's booze. He's living at the Spahn 
Ranch with a bunch of minor girls in complete violation of his 
parole. 
Deputies at the station quite frankly became very annoyed that 
no action was being taken about Manson. My contention is this -
the reason Manson was left on the street was because our 
department thought that he was going to attack the Black 
Panthers. We were getting intelligence briefings that Manson was 
anti-black and he had supposedly killed a Black Panther, the 
body of which could not be found, and the department thought 
that he was going to launch an attack on the Black Panthers. 
Manson was a very ready tool, apparently, because he did have 
some racial hatred and he wanted to vent it. But they hadn't 
anticipated him attacking someone other than the Panthers, 
EFTA00810904
--- PAGE 12 ---
which he did. Manson changed his score. Changed the program 
at the last moment and attacked the Tates and then went over to 
the LaBiancas and killed them. And here was the Sheriff's 
Department suddenly 
wondering, "Jesus Christ, what are we 
gonna do about this? We can't cover this up. Well, maybe we 
can." 
I bet those memos are no longer in existence. The memos about 
what Manson was doing. Citizens' complaints. All those things I'm 
sure have disappeared by now. It shows the police were 
conscious of the fact that he had these weapons in violation of 
his parole. You've got at least involvement here on the part of 
Manson's parole officer, on the part of the Sheriff's Department, 
probably the sheriff himself, and whoever gave him his orders. 
Manson should have been [imprisoned] long before the killings, 
because he was on parole, period. He was living at the Spahn 
Ranch with an outlaw motorcycle gang. I feel that, to say the 
least, the sheriff of Los Angeles County is an accessory to 
murder. 
The raid was a week after the Sharon Tate thing, and the 
intelligence information was coming in for about three weeks 
prior to the raid. They just didn't want any arrests made. It was 
obvious they wanted the intelligence information we were 
gathering for some other reason. Three days after they were 
arrested, seventy-two hours later, they were all released - lack of 
evidence - after this mammoth raid. This raid involved two 
helicopters, 102 deputies and about twenty-five radio cars, and 
all the charges were dropped against everyone. 
It appeared to me that the raid was more or less staged as an 
afterthought. It was like a scenario that we were going through. 
There was some kind of a grand plan that we were participating 
in, but I never had the feeling the raid was necessary or that it 
required so many personnel. Now, if you were a police official 
and you were planning a raid on the Spahn Ranch, utilizing 102 
deputies and helicopters and all that, one would think that with 
all the information coming out a month prior to the raid, wouldn't 
you have them under fairly close surveillance? If you did have 
them under fairly close surveillance, wouldn't you see them 
leave the Spahn Ranch to go over and kill seven people and then 
come back? 
So the hypothesis I put forward is, either we didn't have them 
under surveillance for grand-theft-auto because it was a big 
farce, or else they were under surveillance by somebody much 
EFTA00810905
--- PAGE 13 ---
higher than the Sheriff's Department, and they did go through 
this scenario of killing at the Tate house and then come back, 
and then we went through the motions to do our raid. Either they 
were under surveillance at the time, which means somebody 
must have seen them go to the Tate house and commit the 
killings, or else they weren't under surveillance. 
You have to remember that Charlie was on federal parole all this 
time from '67 to '69. Do you realize all the shit he was getting 
away with while he was on parole? Now here's the kicker. Before 
the Tate killings, he had been arrested at Malibu twice for 
statutory rape. Never got [imprisoned for parole violation]. 
During the Tate killings and the Spahn Ranch raid, Manson's 
parole officer was on vacation, so he had no knowledge of 
Manson being incarcerated, so naturally Manson was released, 
but why wasn't a parole hold put on him? 
It's like Manson had God on his side when all these things are 
going down, or else somebody was watching every move he 
made, somebody was controlling from behind the scenes. 
Somebody saw that no parole hold was placed. Manson liked to 
ball young girls, so he just did his thing and he was released and 
they didn't put any hold on him. But somebody very high up was 
controlling everything that was going on and was seeing to it 
that we didn't bust Manson. 
Prior to the Spahn Ranch raid, there was a memo - it was verbal, 
I would have loved to Xerox some things but there wasn't 
anything to Xerox - that we weren't to arrest Manson or any of 
his followers prior to the raid. It was intimated to us that we were 
going to make a raid on the Spahn Ranch, but the captain came 
out briefly and said, "No action is to be taken on anybody at the 
Spahn Ranch. I want memos submitted directly to me with a 
cover sheet so nobody else can read them." So deputies were 
submitting memos on information about the Spahn Ranch that 
other deputies weren't even allowed to see. We were to submit 
intelligence information but not to make any arrests. Manson was 
in a free fire zone, so to speak. He was living a divine existence. 
We couldn't touch him. 
And so it was that the presence of racism had morphed the Sheriff's 
Department into collaborators in a mass murder. But who was the 
higher-up that gave them the order to leave Manson alone? I was 
EFTA00810906
--- PAGE 14 ---
certainly prepared to believe that's what occurred. I had been 
gathering piece after piece of a mind-boggling jigsaw puzzle, trying to 
make them all fit snugly into one big cohesive picture, but without 
having any model to pattern it after. 
Tex Watson, the Manson family member who led the others on 
the night of the massacre, had played a bigger part in planning the 
massacre than generally believed. Charlie had instructed the girls to 
do whatever Tex told them. When Manson was charged, Watson was 
also charged, but federal authorities held Watson in a Texas prison 
with no explanation - not even his own lawyers were allowed to see 
him - while Vincent Bugliosi prosecuted the Manson trial in California. 
In order to find Manson guilty, the jury had to be convinced that 
Charlie's girls were zombies who followed his orders without question. 
However, in order to find Watson guilty, another jury had to be 
convinced that he was not a zombie at all and knew exactly what he 
was doing. 
* * * 
In the course of our correspondence, there was a letter from 
Manson consisting of a few pages of gibberish about Christ and the 
Devil, but at one point, right in the middle, he wrote in tiny letters, Call 
Squeaky, with her phone number. I called, and we arranged to meet at 
her apartment in Los Angeles. On an impulse, I brought several tabs of 
LSD with me on the plane. 
EFTA00810907
--- PAGE 15 ---
Squeaky Fromme resembled a typical redheaded, freckle-faced 
waitress who sneaks a few tokes of pot in the lavatory, a regular girl-
next-door except perhaps for the unusually challenging nature of her 
personality plus the scar of an X that she had gouged and burned into 
her forehead as a visual reminder of her commitment to Charlie. 
That same symbol also covered the third eyes of her roommates, 
Sandra Good and Brenda McCann. "We've crossed ourselves out of this 
entire system," I was told. They all had short hairstyles growing in now, 
having shaved their heads completely. They continued to sit on the 
sidewalk near the Hall of Justice every day, like a coven of faithful nuns 
being witness to Manson's martyrdom. Sandy had seen me perform 
stand-up at The Committee in San Francisco some years previously. 
Now she told me that when she first met Charlie and people asked her 
what he was like, she had compared him to Lenny Bruce and me. It 
was the weirdest compliment I ever got, but I began to understand 
Manson's peculiar charisma. 
With his sardonic rap, mixed with psychedelic drugs and real-life 
theater games such as "creepy-crawling" and stealing, he had 
deprogrammed his family from the values of mainstream society, but 
reprogrammed them with his own philosophy, a cosmic version of the 
racism perpetuated by the prison system that had served as his family. 
Manson stepped on Sandy's eyeglasses, threw away her birth-control 
pills, and inculcated her with racist sensibility. Although she had once 
EFTA00810908
--- PAGE 16 ---
been a civil rights activist, she was now asking me to tell John Lennon 
that he should get rid of Yoko Ono and stay with "his own kind." Later, 
she added, "If Yoko really loved the Japanese people, she would not 
want to mix their blood." 
The four of us ingested those little white tablets containing 300 
micrograms of acid, then took a walk to the office of Laurence Merrick, 
who had been associated with schlock biker exploitation movies as the 
prerequisite to directing a sensationalist documentary, Manson. 
Squeaky's basic vulnerability emerged as she kept pacing around and 
telling Merrick that she was afraid of him. He didn't know we were 
tripping, but he must have sensed the vibes. I engaged him in 
conversation. We discussed the fascistic implications of a movie, The 
French Connection, and he remarked, "You're pretty articulate - " 
"For a bum," I completed his sentence, and he laughed. 
Next we went to the home of some friends of the family, smoked 
a few joints of soothing grass, and listened to music. They sang along 
with the lyrics of "A Horse with No Name": In the desert you can't 
remember your name, 'cause there ain't no one for to give you no 
pain.) was basking in the afterglow of the Moody Blues' "Om" song 
when Sandy began to speak of the "gray people" - regular citizens 
going about their daily business - whom she had been observing from 
her vantage point on the corner near the Hall of Justice. 
EFTA00810909
--- PAGE 17 ---
"We were just sitting there," she said, "and they were walking 
along, kind of avoiding us. It's like watching a live movie in front of 
you. Sometimes I just wanted to kill the gray people, because that was 
the only way they would be able to experience the total Now." That 
was an expression Charlie had borrowed from Scientology. Later, 
Sandy explained that she didn't mean it literally about killing the gray 
people -- that she had been speaking from another dimension. She told 
me that prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi once snarled at her as she kept 
vigil outside the courthouse: "We're gonna get you because you 
sucked Charlie Manson's dick." The girls just sat there on the sidewalk 
and laughed, because they knew that oral-genital relations did not 
constitute a capital offense. 
When we returned to their apartment, Sandy asked if I wanted to 
take a hot bath. I felt ambivalent. I knew that one of the attorneys in 
the case had participated in a ménage a trois with Squeaky and Sandy, 
but I had also been told by a reporter, "It certainly levels the high to 
worry about getting stabbed while fucking the Manson ladies in the 
bunkhouse at the Spahn Ranch - I've found that the only satisfactory 
position is sitting up, back to the wall, facing the door." 
Visions of the famous shower scene in Psycho flashed through 
my mind, but despite the shrill self-righteousness that infected their 
true-believer syndrome, they had charmed me with their honesty, 
humor, and distorted sense of compassion. They sensed my hesitation, 
EFTA00810910
--- PAGE 18 ---
and Squeaky confronted me: "You're afraid of me, aren't you?" she 
asked. 
"Not really. Should I be?" 
Sandy tried to reassure me: "She's beautiful, Paul. Just look into 
her eyes. Isn't she beautiful?" 
Squeaky and I stared silently at each other for a while - I recalled 
that Manson had written, "I never picked up anyone who had not 
already been discarded by society" - and my eyes began to tear. There 
were tears in Squeaky's eyes too. She asked me to try on Charlie's 
vest. It felt like a perverted honor to participate in this ceremony. The 
corduroy vest was a solid inch thick with embroidery - snakes and 
dragons and devilish designs including human hair that had been 
woven into the multicolored patterns. 
Sandy took her bath, but instead of my getting into the tub with 
her - assuming she had invited me - I sat fully dressed on the toilet, 
and we talked. I was thinking, You have pert nipples, but instead I said, 
"What's that scar on your back?" It was from a lung operation.Brenda 
asked for another tab of acid, to send Manson in prison. She ground it 
into powder which she then glued to the paper with vegetable dye and 
the notation, Words fly fast, explaining that Charlie would know what it 
meant. She stayed up late that night, writing letters to several 
prisoners with the dedication of a polygamous war wife. 
EFTA00810911
--- PAGE 19 ---
Squeaky visited me a few times in San Francisco. On the way to 
lunch one day, she lit a cigarette, and I told her about the series of 
advertisements by which women were originally conditioned into 
smoking: a woman standing next to a man who was smoking; then a 
woman saying to the man, "Blow some my way"; and finally a woman 
smoking her own cigarette. Squeaky simply smiled, said "Okay," and 
dropped her cigarette on the sidewalk, crushing it out with her shoe. 
Another time, when I attempted to point out a certain fallacy in 
her logic, she responded, "Well, what do you expect from me? I'm 
crazy!" Once, she told me she had been beaten up by members of the 
Mel Lyman family from Boston because she wouldn't switch her 
allegiance to them, even though they'd had plans to break Manson out 
of jail, by means of a helicopter, while his trial was taking place. She 
said they were "well organized." 
Squeaky mailed me her drawing in red ink of a woman's face 
with a pair of hands coming out of her mouth. Written in script was the 
song lyric: "Makes me wanna holler, throw up both my hands . . ." 
In 1975, she tried to shoot President Gerald Ford. She was 
wearing a Red Riding Hood outfit, and I sent her a note in prison, 
teasing her about fading into the crowd. I never heard from Squeaky 
again. 
However, I did receive an email from an old acquaintance, 
and here's his surprise greeting: 
EFTA00810912
--- PAGE 20 ---
"We met in roughly 1975 when you were living in San 
Francisco. I took a series of photos of you, and thought I had 
one of you standing in front of a sign saying 'Stop When 
Flashing' that I thought would be memorable, but haven't 
tracked it down. 
"In the spirit of your button (Come Clean], I wanted to tell 
you that at the time we met I was an undercover investigator 
working for the Church of Scientology's Guardians' Office, who 
were going quite insane trying to figure out who wrote 'The 
Awful Truth About Scientology' in The Realist. I failed to get 
that from you, but we did smoke a joint together, and that was 
happily the start of my gradual exit from the Church. Drove 
them crazy. Long story. 
"I've always admired your spirit, and read your recent 
piece on Manson with some fascination. Anyhow, embarrassed 
as I am about the circumstances of our meeting back then, I 
was able to leave that outfit in the nick of time. Running a 
medicinal Cannabis lab now...Long. Strange. Trip." 
EFTA00810913

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810914.pdf
----------------------------------------
Remembering Dick Gregory 
By Pau Krassner 
I first met Dick Gregory when he asked me to interview him for The 
Realist in New York. I saw him again when I was in Chicago. He was 
performing at the Playboy Club and invited me to his show. Two years 
previously, Negro comedians performed only in Negro nightclubs, and 
Gregory was no exception. 
But one evening the regular white comic at the Playboy Club got sick, 
and Gregory took his place. It made Time magazine, and he was invited to 
perform on the Tonight Show, but he declined unless, after doing his stand-
up act, he would be asked to sit down and talk with Jack Paar. The gamble 
worked, and Gregory became an instant celebrity, breaking through the color 
barrier with humor. 
Eventually we became friends and fellow demonstrators. Now he was 
performing at the Playboy Club, not as a substitute comic but as a star 
attraction. They had to supply me with a jacket, and a tie that was decorated 
all over with bunny symbols. Gregory was already on stage. 
"How could Columbus discover America," he was asking the 
audience, "when the Indians were already here?" 
EFTA00810914
--- PAGE 2 ---
In his dressing room between shows, Gregory took out his wallet and 
showed me a tattered copy of his favorite poem, "If," by Rudyard Kipling. I 
laughed and he looked offended, until I explained that I was laughing 
because it was also my favorite poem, and "the unforgiving minute" was my 
favorite poetic phrase. 
Gregory visited me on the lower east side of New York. The entire 
side of one building on that block featured a fading advertisement for a 
cleanser personified by the Gold Dust Twins, a pair of little Negro boys. It 
had originally been painted right on the bricks. 
When he saw it, he said, "They ought to take that whole wall and 
preserve it in a museum somewhere." 
* 
* 
* 
On a work-vacation in the Florida Keys with Abbie and Anita 
Hoffman in December in 1967. I followed a neighborhood crow down the 
road, then continued walking to town by myself to use the telephone. First I 
called Gregory, since it was his city Chicago that we were planning to 
invade the presidential convention in the 1968 summer. He told me that he 
had decided to run for president, and he wanted to know if I thought Bob 
Dylan would make a good vice president. 
"Oh, sure, but to tell you the truth, I don't think Dylan would ever get 
EFTA00810915
--- PAGE 3 ---
involved in electoral politics." 
Gregory would end up with assassination researcher Mark Lane as his 
running mate. Next, I called Jerry Rubin in New York to arrange for a 
meeting when we returned. 
At our counter-convention we all attended an Unbirthday Party for 
President Lyndon Johnson at the Coliseum, with Ed Sanders, leader of the 
Fugs, serving as emcee. The atmosphere was highly emotional. Dick 
Gregory recited the Preamble to the Declaration of Independence with 
incredible fervor. Fists were being upraised in the audience as he spoke, and 
I thrust my own fist into the air for the first time. 
* 
* 
* 
When my marriage broke up in 1971 I moved to San Francisco and I 
had my own talk program. Gregory announced on my show that, until the 
war in Vietnam was over, he was going to stop eating solid foods. I in turn 
announced that, until the war was over, I was going to eat all of Dick 
Gregory's meals. Actually, my only real discipline was being silent one day 
a week. 
When my young daughter Holly came out to stay with me that 
summer, she decided to join me on my silent day. We communicated with 
handwritten notes. Holly wrote, Does laughter count? Since we were 
EFTA00810916
--- PAGE 4 ---
making up the rules as we went along, I answered, Yes, but no tickling. 
Naturally she tried to make me laugh, but I held it in — and got a rush. 
All the energy that normally gets dissipated into the air with laughter 
seemed to surge through my body instead. I decided to stop laughing 
altogether, just to see what would happen. The more I didn't laugh, the more 
I found funny. And, paying closer attention to others, I refined my 
appreciation of laughter as another whole language that could often be more 
revealing than words. Sometimes I would get a twinge of guilt if I nearly 
slipped and laughed, and I remembered what I had always known, that 
children must be taught to be serious. When I mentioned my laugh-fast to 
Dick Gregory, still on his food-fast, it didn't sound so far-fetched to him. 
That's two things people do out of insecurity," he said. "Eating and 
laughing." 
"Well, what would happen to us if everyone in our audiences realized 
that?" 
"Brother, we'd go out of business." 
* 
* 
* 
I was invited to a Christmas party in 1977 by Hustler publisher Larry 
Flynt. Gregory was at the party, and Flynt asked each of us to perform, but 
first he would take the microphone himself. To my surprise-shock that he 
EFTA00810917
--- PAGE 5 ---
wanted me to publish his magazine beside The Realist while he traveled 
around the country to spread his (temporary) born-again Chrisianity. 
On Thanksgiving Day, Gregory had been arrested in front of the 
White House for protesting the lack of human rights in South Africa. Larry 
Flynt had a premonition that there would be an assassination attempt on 
Gregory. Flynt contacted him a couple of weeks later, and they became 
friends. Gregory was now staying at Flynt's mansion in Columbus, helping 
him change to a vegetarian diet. Flynt had already taken off forty pounds. 
On the day before the Christmas party, Gregory was in the middle of giving 
himself an enema when Flynt walked in. 
According to Gregory, "Larry said, `Let me tell you about this 
fantastic guy I've got comin' out, and I don't know what I'm gonna do yet but 
I just wanna talk with him.' And I said, `Well, who is it?' He said, `Paul 
ICrassner.' And I just fell out, and said, `Are you serious? He's one of the 
hippest minds in the whole world.' Then he came back and said, `How long 
you been knowin' him?' and I told him, `All through the sixties,' you know. 
And I said it was a fantastic idea." 
For the New Year Flynt flew Gregory and me to the Bahamas. 
Gregory was in the kitchen, diligently preparing a health drink for Flynt — 
this must have been the birth of his Bahamian Diet powder — and he was also 
EFTA00810918
--- PAGE 6 ---
feeding unfiltered conspiracy theories to his eager student. 
At midnight, we all went out on the dock and stood in a misty drizzle 
as Gregory uttered truly eloquent prayers for each of us. When he finished, 
Flynt's wife Althea whined, like Lucy in the Peanuts strip, "My hair's 
getting all wet." It was her way of saying "Amen." 
On New Year's Day, we were sitting in the sand, just relaxing. Flynt 
had bought a paperback novel by Gore Vidal in the hotel store, but first he 
was reading the Sunday New York Times and worrying about the 
implications of juries with only six members. A moment later he was 
rubbing suntan lotion on my back. 
"I'll bet Hugh Hefner never did this for you," he said. 
* 
* 
* 
Larry Flynt had been traveling around a lot, but he happened to be 
back in L.A. at the same time that my friend LSD guru Ram Dass was 
visiting, so I had the unique pleasure of introducing them. Larry, Althea, 
Ram Dass and I went to a health-food restaurant, where we discovered that 
we shared something in common: we were all practicing celibacy — Larry at 
the suggestion of Dick Gregory, Althea by extension, Ram Dass for spiritual 
purposes, and me just for the sheer perversity of it. 
When Larry got shot down south by a racist nut because Hustler had a 
EFTA00810919
--- PAGE 7 ---
black naked model, Althea had transformed the Coca-Cola Suite at Emory 
University Hospital into her office, where she was now studying the slides of 
the irreverent "Jesus and the Adulteress" feature. Dick Gregory was there, 
and he said, "This scares me." He was concerned about reaction in the Bible 
Belt, notwithstanding the fact that Hustler's research department had already 
made certain that the text followed the Bible. 
And now Althea was checking for any sexism that might have slipped 
past the male editors' limited consciousness. The spread was already in page 
forms, but not yet collated into the magazine, and there was still a gnawing 
dilemma about whether or not to publish it. 
The marketing people were aghast at the possibility that wholesalers 
would refuse to distribute an issue of the magazine with such a blatantly 
blasphemous feature. Althea and I voted to publish. Gregory and editor 
Bruce David voted not to publish. "I'm against it," he said, "because we're 
this is an issue that just simply will not be distributed." 
Faced with this crucial decision, Althea made her choice on the basis 
of pure whimsicality. She noticed a pair of pigeons on the window ledge. 
One of them was waddling toward the other. "All right," she said, "if that 
dove walks over and pecks the other dove, then we will publish this." The 
pigeon continued strutting along the window ledge, but it stopped short and 
EFTA00810920
--- PAGE 8 ---
didn't peck the other pigeon, so publication of "Jesus and the Adulteress" 
was postponed indefinitely. 
Of course Dick Gregory continued to spread his diligent activism until 
he died. He was a loss to me, and to this country and around the world, but 
his powerful inspiration remains. 
EFTA00810921

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810922.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
xavier cartron 
Attention: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Owner 
LSJE, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Date: 14 September 2018 
Ref. MA18.36-L-000002 V.1 
Project: LSJ18.41 & GSJ18.42 — Little Saint James Island Development Architecture Design Consultancy 
Services, U.S. Virgin Islands, USA 
Subject: Conceptual Architectural Design Services — Technical and Financial Proposal REV.02 
Dear Sir, 
The Design Agency Xavier Cartron (XC) is pleased to present this revised Brief Technical and Financial 
Proposal to the Client for the Conceptual Architectural Design Services of the Little Saint James Island 
Development Architecture Design Consultancy Services, U.S. Virgin Islands, USA , in response to the 
request for proposal made on the 25th to the 27th of August 2018. 
Following the Submission of our Technical and Financial Proposal REV.1 and the Meeting with the Client 
on Friday the 7th of September 2018, the Clarifications Phone Call on Monday the 10th of September 2018 
as well as the feedback received via the email from the Client on Wednesday the 121" of September 2018, 
please note the following: 
a) We compared our offer with the other counter offer received as a Baseline of negotiation and here-
below are our findings: 
Xavier Cartron Proposal 
Other Proposal 
The Scope of Work proposed was for Little Saint The Scope of Work proposed was for Little Saint 
James Island Development and Great Saint James 
Island Development 
James Island Development 
XC will revise its Scope Work / Perimeter of Scope for Little Saint James Island Development 
The Scope of Service proposed is to create the The Scope of Service proposed are limited to the 
whole Island as one Home. 
Master Plan and the Main House Architecture 
Design 
XC doesn't believe in "Designing" Architecture as a Design Product but we believe that Architecture is a 
Conclusion of a Story justified by the environment, the land, the Client needs, etc... So, even with the tight 
budget perimeters given, we will not be able to deliver part of a whole story and we will stick to our major 
Design Principles. 
The initial Deliverables proposed are based on our The Deliverables proposed are limited to: 
Standard Deliverables as we were trying to give to 
the Client the Maximum Deliverables as an output 
of serious time, effort and quality of Architecture as 
follows: 
750 I 8 PARIS. France 
Tel :.-
Web : xaviercc,ircn.fr 
Page 1 of 10 
EFTA00810922
--- PAGE 2 ---
C 
xavier cartron 
Date: 14 September 2018 
Ref. MA18.36-L-000002 V.1 
1. Data collection and site reconnaissance 
1. N/A 
2. 2 Master Plans for LSJ and GSJ 
2. General Master Plan for LSJ 
3. Architectural Drawings 
3. Main House Architecture Drawings 
4. 27 No. 3D Renderings 
4. 3 No. 3D Renderings 
5. 10 No. Mood Boards 
5. Mood Boards 
XC will still stick to delivering the LSJ Story but with less Deliverables to fit within the Client Budget 
keeping in mind that if the Story will be successful and well reflects the Client's expectations, the Concept 
Design will be developed further to Advance Concept Design as a separate task. 
b) Stating the above, we here-below reiterate our Project Understanding, Scope of Work. Scope of 
Services and Deliverables with minor revisions to reflect the latest development on the Proposal 
Negotiation: 
1. PROJECT COMPREHENSION 
The project comprises the development of the Client's personal Vision and Illustrative Master plan for 
'LSJ' and 'GSJ'. two Personally Owned Islands in the U.S. Virgin Islands, to stimulate the Client and 
provide him with Beautiful Serene Authentic Private Living Places. 
Each Island is considered as "Private Home" with broken components reached by roads depending on 
the mood, time and function during the day. 
Important restriction to be considered during design: 
- Access to the Islands 
- Topography 
- Weather Conditions 
- Wind Effect on the Living 
- Hurricanes 
- Construction Material Availability and Durability 
- Construction Complexity and Quality 
- Logistics 
- Staff Movement during life cycle 
The vision for LSJ And GSJ is to create a destination steeped in the natural beauty of the landscape. The 
different altitude and rugged landscape creating a unique environment for this development, taking full 
advantage of majestic views across the ocean as well as the rich site assets. 
The brief is to establish the identity of each Island to a given character through designing and visualizing 
the conceptual architecture. 
750 I 8 PARIS. France 
Tel :.-
Web : xavicrocrircn..r 
Page 2 of 10 
EFTA00810923
--- PAGE 3 ---
C 
xavier cartron 
2. SCOPE OF WORK 
The project is expected to cover the following: 
Date: 14 September 2018 
Ref. MA18.36-L-000002 V.1 
Code Master Plan Precinct 
Estimated Land Area 
(Hectares) to be 
developed 
Estimated Building 
Area (sqm) to be 
designed 
LSJ 
I Little Saint James Island Development 
27Ha 
7,000 sqm 
75018 PARIS. France 
Tel : + 
Web : xoviercerron.7r 
Page 3 of 10 
EFTA00810924
--- PAGE 4 ---
C 
xavier cartron 
3. SITE ASSETS AND EXISTING PLACES 
Date: 14 September 2018 
Ref. MA18.36-L-000002 V.1 
Code 
Zone 
Components 
LSJ - bite Saint James Island Development 
75018 PARIS. France 
Tel : 
Web : xaviercartron.fr 
01.Central Courtyard 
02. Covered Outdoor Living Space (Desk 1) 
03. Pool 
04. Guests Spaces (x4) 
05. The House Kitchen 
06. Central Laundry (underground) 
07. Cinema spare 
08. Sleeping Space and Amenities 
09. Library: Reading and Working Space 
(Desk 2) 
10. Dental Clinic 
11. House Manger 
12. NSEW Identifier 
13. None Utilized Terrace Space 
14. "E" Place Identifier 
15. Dock for Boats 
16. Swimming Alcove Space 
16. Barge Loading Dock 
17. Tunnel and Workshops 
18. Engineering and Central Plant 
19. Plantation Nursery 
20. Day Space (Desk 3) 
Page 4 of I0 
EFTA00810925
--- PAGE 5 ---
C 
xavier cartron 
Date: 14 September 2018 
Ref. MA18.36-L-000002 V.1 
21. Helipad 
22. Gym and Spa Space 
23. Clock Identifier 
24. Administrative Beach Office 
25. None Utilized Tennis Court Place 
26. Calm Space 
27. Gone with the Wind Building 
28. Flag Identifier 
29. Reading Space 
30. Spiritual Space 
31. Pond 
32. Farming Place 
75018 PARIS. France 
Tel : + 
Web : xcivierccrrcn.7r 
Page 5 of 10 
EFTA00810926
--- PAGE 6 ---
C 
xavier cartron 
Date: 14 September 2018 
Ref. MA18.36-L-000002 V.1 
33. Swimming Pool Space (Desk 4) 
34. Divers Space (Desk 6) 
35. Desk on the Beach (Desk 7) 
4. SCOPE OF SERVICES 
In relation to the above areas, XC shall perform the following services as indicated below: 
DATA COLLECTION, PREPARATORY WORK AND CONCEPT DESIGN STAGE 
PHASE 01 - DATA COLLECTION AND SITE RECONNAISSANCE 
The Consultant will collect relevant data and ascertain in conjunction with the Client the project 
requirements. This phase will include the following: 
Client's statement of project requirements, i.e. the design brief that will generally include the 
Clients objectives of time, cost, quality and function of the project as well as programming 
guidelines. 
Site information, if available, such as: 
• 
Topographical Survey maps of the site and its surrounding in 3-D digital CAD format 
• 
Soil investigation report 
• 
Climatic and environmental data 
• 
Boundary limits 
• 
Location of major nearby utility structures such as sewage treatment plant, ground and/or 
elevated water storage, public landfill areas, etc. 
Statement on fundamental code, regulations & zoning requirements. 
Preliminary space allocation program. 
Relevant local materials and products. 
Relevant local habits and traditions. 
750 I 8 PARIS. France 
Tel :.-
Web : xovicrocrircn.fr 
Page 6 of 10 
EFTA00810927
--- PAGE 7 ---
C 
xavier cartron 
PHASE 2 - MASTER PLAN AND PROGRAMING 
Date: 14 September 2018 
Ref. MA18.36-L-000002 V.1 
The Consultant will undertake the following tasks in the process of preparation of the master plan of the 
project: 
■ 
Review of all Facilities Requirements. 
■ 
Development layout will be prepared responding to the goals and strategies of the project and 
reflecting the outcome of the above review and study indicating: 
o 
The distribution of building types and areas for services. 
o 
Developing area programmes. 
o 
Open space and landscape structure. 
o 
Proposed road network. pedestrian spines and parking. 
Master Plan Report 
The Consultant will prepare a Report summarizing the work leading to the preparation of the final master 
plan. The Report will be accompanied with a series of maps containing the plans of the Project site. the 
parcellation. roads and urban design frameworks highlighting the development goals and objectives, and 
the strategic concepts for development along with the formulation and evaluation of the preliminary site 
plan. 
The Report will be dealing with the site investigations and analysis, its development capacity and will 
provide description of relevant site characteristics using the results of the various surveys and 
investigations. 
The Report will also include and address the following items: 
■ 
Design philosophy and updated Project design detailed description. 
■ 
Proposed Architecture character of the buildings. 
■ 
Area tabulation schedules based on the latest design of the site layout. 
PHASE 3 - CONCEPT DESIGN 
The Consultant will start work, in coordination with the Client and other related parties on 
the Concept Design of the buildings. The Consultant will prepare the Concept Design taking 
into consideration the following elements: 
■ 
Site analysis and zoning studies. 
75018 PARIS. Franco 
Tel : + 
Web : xaviercc•'rcn.4 
Poge 7 of 10 
EFTA00810928
--- PAGE 8 ---
C 
xavier cartron 
Date: 14 September 2018 
Ref. MA18.36-L-000002 V.1 
■ 
Examination of the space allocation program against the areas available. 
■ 
Tabulation of space requirements. 
■ 
Proposed Concept Design. This will be inclusive of plans, elevations, massing studies, 
sketches, mood boards and colored perspectives. 
Concept Desian Report 
At the end of this Phase the Consultant will submit to the Client for review and approval the 
Concept Design Report. The report will present an outline description of the proposed 
Concept Design as well as the outcome of the elements mentioned in above. 
5. PROJECT PROPOSED DESIGN TIME SCHEDULE 
• 
Week Mobilization 
• 
Months design schedule (starting from the date of receiving the Letter of Award) 
6. EXCLUSIONS 
The following items are excluded from this proposal: 
1. Feasibility Studies 
2. Engineering Design Full Services (MEP, Structure, etc....) 
3. Specialized work like Security, Audio Visual, Environmental, Geotechnical, Topographic Surveys, etc 
4. Site Surveys 
5. Local Authorities Approvals and Permits 
6. Life Safety Report and Fire Strategy 
7. Physical Models, As-to-be Built Models, Mock-ups 
8. BIM and 3D Animations 
9. Direct Costs (Travel Expenses outside the Design Office (France), Printing, Courier, Permit Costs, 
etc..) 
10. Any other services or expenses not listed in the Scope of Services above. 
750 I 8 PARIS. France 
Tel :.-
Web : xoviercaircn.fr 
Poge 8 of 10 
EFTA00810929
--- PAGE 9 ---
C 
xavier cartron 
7. FINANCIAL PROPOSAL and DELIVERABLES 
Date: 14 September 2018 
Ref. MA18.36-L-000002 V.1 
The estimated Design Fee for the Preparation of the Concept Design Presentation Little Saint James 
Island Development is broken down as follows: 
Code 
Master Plan Precinct 
Estimated 
Estimated 
Design 
Design Fees 
Land Area 
Building Area 
Deliverables 
(Hectares) 
to be 
developed 
(sqm) to be 
designed 
LSJ 
Little Saint James 
Island Development 
27Ha 
7,000 sqm 
o Master Plan 
o 1 No. CGIs - 
Euro 120,000/-
Nominal Fee 
HERO Shots 
o 4 No.CGIs 
o 
SNo. Design 
Intent Boards 
PAYMENT SCHEDULE FOR THE DESIGN SERVICES 
Payment Phase 
No. 
Milestone % 
1. 
Mobilization 
25% 
2. 
Submission of Task 
75% 
Total 
100% 
75018 PARIS. France 
Tel : 
Web : xaviercartron.fr 
Page 9 of 10 
EFTA00810930
--- PAGE 10 ---
C 
xavier cartron 
GENERAL ASSUMPTIONS & COSTING CONSIDERATIONS 
Date: 14 September 2018 
Ref. MA18.36-L-000002 V.1 
The following assumptions have been used in calculating the proposed design fees: 
• 
Our proposal is based on the above Project Comprehension and Scope of Work. If any addendum will 
be issued that will have an impact on the Consultant (XC) Scope of Work and Services, the 
Consultant will reconsider their fee accordingly. 
• If there is a major increase in the design works defined as a single or accumulative increase 
of the previously agreed ones, then XC will be entitled to additional design fees on a pro-rata 
basis. Client written approval prior to XC undertaking such changes must be obtained. 
• If there is a change to approved design works instructed by the Client, the additional fee 
shall be calculated on the basis of an estimate of staff inputs. 
• 
XC will not be responsible for any delays by third parties such as Statutory Authorities 
Approvals, Specialists and Consultants employed by the Client, Client Activities and the like 
outside our control. 
• 
Costs (time and expenses) of travelling outside the Design Office by Consultants staff 
during all stages and phases of work, if required for the project, shall be paid directly by the 
Client (Business Class Airfares and Hotel accommodation plus expenses at cost). 
• Our offer is valid for three months from the date of submission of this offer. 
We hope this proposal meets your requirements and look forward to receiving your confirmation. 
If you have any queries please don't hesitate to contact the undersigned. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Xavier Cartron — Paris 
Kifah Laham 
Chief Executive Officer 
CC: Xavier Calton — Chairman 
XC-O/KUha 
750 I 8 PARIS. France 
Tel :.-
Web : xovicrco-ron.fr 
Page IO of 10 
EFTA00810931

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810932.pdf
----------------------------------------
www.news.cn 
Ns S 
XINHUANET 
www.xinhuanet.com 
ti _A.AXA1 
en.people.cn 
CHINADAILY.= 
Xi's speech on China's reform 
and opening-up sets trajectory 
for new era: expert 
Xinhua I Updated: 2018-12-19 17:21 
NEW YORK - President Xi Jinping's speech at a grand gathering 
celebrating the country's 40th anniversary of reform and opening-up 
"exemplified the accomplishments of the past and set the trajectory for the 
new era of the future," said Robert Lawrence Kuhn, a leading US expert 
on China. 
Kuhn said Xi's speech was "both a milestone and a benchmark, a 
milestone in reflecting on all that China has accomplished in the past and a 
benchmark in addressing all that China still needs to accomplish in the 
new era," Kuhn told Xinhua via email on Tuesday, after he was honored 
with the China Reform Friendship Medal at the gathering held in Beijing. 
Kuhn, also chairman of the Kuhn Foundation, was among the 10 
foreigners honored Tuesday for helping China to open up. The 74-year-old 
investment banker and the host of an interview-based program titled 
"Closer to China with R. L. Kuhn" was lauded for his devotion to "telling 
the world (the story of) contemporary China." 
EFTA00810932
--- PAGE 2 ---
The award itself "evinces how seriously China takes international 
communication," Kuhn said. 
Kuhn noted that Xi's speech showed a clear and confident direction for 
China. 
"In Xi's telling, China's direction is clear and confident, encapsulated in 
nine major points, stressing confidence in China's socialism with Chinese 
characteristics, the primacy of the Party (the Communist Party of China) 
in all areas, putting people and their well-being and happiness first, and 
the need to implement further and deepen reforms," he said. 
"Sitting in the Great Hall of the People listening to Xi's speech, I was 
struck by the consistency of Xi's thought. When he said 'chanting slogans' 
was not sufficient, (and) that hard work must be done and reform needs to 
be furthered, I smiled to myself, because more than 12 years ago, Xi, then 
secretary of Zhejiang Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of 
China, told me in a private personal meeting precisely the same thing," 
Kuhn recalled. 
"When historians of the future write the chronicles of our times, a 
highlight is sure to be China's remarkable 40 years of reform and opening-
up. What an amazing transformation it has been!" he said. 
China has transformed from "a backward economy and a closed society" 
to the world's second-largest economy, engaged openly with all countries, 
and involved in all matters of global importance, Kuhn said. 
http://www.xinhuanet.com/enaIish/2018-12/19/c_137684858.htm 
htto://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/201812/19/WS5c1a0d8ba3107d4c3a001b01. 
html 
http://en.people.cn/n3/2018/1219/c90000-9530176.html 
EFTA00810933

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00810934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00810934.pdf
----------------------------------------
NA= NOT APPLICABLE 
= OPEN 
T 
TERMINATED 
R = RECURRENT IN= INFORMATION!A= OUARTERLY MEE =AUDITED 
N834BA 
511 29102 
Y G001 
LINE 101 
saw* 
SWARM 
DENNIPTION 
mocns 
ism 
CATEGORY 
F
.. 
m 
Pf COAO 
it 
OCSCRITION 
STATUS 
VI. za 0 
K e n a AN or wig= 
COSOIO.N4EE.
01. 
A 
002,0 
0' 4 ”
, ' 
I '
l VW 
.•,,c1CnMs,,N, 
:•• W. ," KOISMOONVOn 
'WI 
)2CL•02 
0•040E10 A(0.AE 
Aran., 
.1 ne: ID 
l rt0 
11AN of 
ouNotcroinorma 
tunas 
T 
Aran., 
PI Inn ID 
11•03 OP 
0401“ TO TPAOUCCIC 
UCO•AleGY 
T 
ObISTIS 
PI Inn I'D 
l VA 
Welf.S.401110 La *dial,. 
1,401.0P fmme.0.40 
m..n0nerwl.401.som 
nOTIANOIOIHmKSSIAT. 
TV*, WV 
OdoomitoOmmt • 
ati ,,, e.... 
,t,„,. 
1nteN .n.. 
tin 
Mx 
1.011.14041‘0 
PlOOTINVAID 
TV.11•10/4 
HAWN ra0 
voha KA Ono 
Pump am line
,
%tams now can 
Tina Ilmomm Mons. 
linoReid 
liabem 
Na Ow -tag) 
W.:, rt• • 
nom.11.1 
NA 
M•114.8 
PLACAPOSNIO 
MWINGS
!ten 
sni Atem.). - 
.1/4 0 4Mma Cara 
wal•wIst SM.. M 
WI MSOMORVI 9* 
ate 
S 
T 
*VI -STSIS PI 6,01 it 
1.3 
Mu 
”.31 ,1404,t0 
PIOMIKIMAIO 
711,111•101 
PLACARDS NW 
vosAA05 - (aro 
Poen mil Maimi. • 
Ewan Nose [mg 
• 
I 
DyN YEN 
. 
N.,:y.,.....,
I.. ,  ea% 
IMonent 
minim 
mACNIOS MO 
MACHU! SW. 
Mount - MoflilLinto0 
Ifor 'Nun A.S. 
IS 
NA 
... 
, 
, 
TONNA 
eggt10.0 
WAffi09 - tow. hit.. 
Ms.lrmi • Parrtormalmom 
NA NANA Won 
Prwin ni Ann Stift 
Munn. TinalWMen 
.HIT Pcm•M02 MI 
amn 
NA 
MY 
KO 
w• 
10•11•Ilit 
PLACARD A.43 VoWNSS - 
AT NM - Owm Glad 
CatmCMOlot his* 
I 
I e. 
T 
/tamp% on 
am Amain 
NAAAA 
rotbau 
PIAC#1.05,a0 
tWiffiGS Awe 
Ilan 
• irealem a T. 
Am,. rionn TM., 
wooponaina Au Ono 
Ohre wavy Inv 
wooli Nix se 
I. 
WA 
AO 
Mn 
M. 
11110.00 
ilACIADS MO 
likl*Mt. , 011n• 
Ain. 
, verso 0 
Al4WISIMInt• PAK. 
11A 
Mu 
N. 
Pv• 
mina. 
PLACARDS MO 
nuns 
: 
“NNA • 
WA 
.4. 
N. 
w• 
- AN 
•MmNalm .4,0m ,
117•1111•MS 
MM•ommIlMAmli 
, V ,  0..,...mmas md 
'Wm,. - vols. 
AhrftleVadelM ISO. 
Rea IP,. mit 
NA 
DIM 
%CA 
Pvs 
EFTA00810934
--- PAGE 2 ---
RP II 1121 
SUCAPDLMO 
Wa(INGS not Ou • 
Owes newswai• A..
,,, 
%lawn, Talwei pcsonr4 
W. tate Mein 
we noon. 
' 
W A 
'•u 
mu 
mu 
1P 11.112) 
MACMDSMO 
tWitta 
• owe 
• 54•014114.• 
My Mae Innis. 
WA 
1.t
ma 
n.
!Ia. 
717.11.0211 
PIACMOSMO 
Walihrel •Ininrettird 
Panw•Agtern len 
lanSW• V•P‘ Winn
Alonuottoo Mow ,
at• 
Woom 
Na 
mw 
nu 
nu. 
T V II 14 
1_ACAAOSA•0 
ONOS .11•• 
Pair* Wain 0 
AinliirMann 7~ 
esith•aa 
i 
Na 
11%. 
ma 
mu 
717.11.034 
SUCAPOZ MO 
tIC4 awe 
Wa( 
. 0..
. • 
lu  
Nodr
.
A.* ow., ....Aar 
o 
Na 
Av. 
Nu 
n.
ao. 
717.11.031 
its.. 
.5 Naes 
nen Das Wrap -a 
Plan, 'Wino a 
Menlo Moran laim• 
Na 
mw 
., 
, 
71/11.03.1 
et,6 
WA04319 NW NO 
\UN. al fm4244$ 
avg. 1).4.0•1 Bake 
mean, IsionwooN . 4
W. exinliab"n 
Na 
1.M 
., 
nu. 
RP II 1134 
et5r, 
an t 
vOttr,e4 , II,Z0.1. 
Pee IIIPs•sattial4 
M.N.
,  4 . 1,..t
, .. 
0.
01‘...*.b.n. 
TO*, P..... 
Na 
*u 
mu 
mu 
70.11.1.13$ 
PLACASIO:MO 
WONINGS *war 
Phan Rep Mena 
• 
Na 
io 
No 
, 
• 
'woo Vilna mole 1 
ppm. u.s.”, ann., 
717.11.1134 
1[10510 
WilitteA • borer 
Slant • *Sp Mann 
Tao. Wilfren IS. )22 
Asas• ano mare 
S 
WA 
nu 
mu 
mu 
71.7.11.1137 
PAWL* MO 
Whor42.9 blow 
neat 
Choy M.P... 
lama WiVtil NI WI 
Pant lama:Gin 
S 
NA 
.4 
nu 
, 
TS, I 1.itIli 
PAC+AS NO 
ViActi38 sllm 
Pair* On 
tiostin 
Tsai SON In 101 
Pant 0710004int, 
a 
NA 
Ko 
^. 
, 
RP 11.11ft 
MUNN MO 
'minima • owe 
Ilan 
b
• Chap e 
pews ac bin" 
Tamil Video ini Pain 
oaniew.en 
WA 
ko 
no 
, 
70.11.011 
'Warta sraemst • 
Wes PR** hithilkn 
•AbinNtaanal Tail 
W•1010••••• 
Na 
mw 
mu 
mu 
7$111.1241 
/1.0.4P65 MO 
WA01.38 *Me 
Pi.*M Wain. 0 
Als•SIYarma• PAK,
woven...* 
o 
WA 
ko 
nu 
, 
TS, I 1.1110 
SUCMOS Via 
Wilitta 
• owe 
Pair. 
Y W.MT0 
lane Munn tat) 
iwertftt.e 
. 
NA 
ko 
mu 
mu 
TS, 1 1.124. 
tL4CAPOZ MO 
WOOOLS ars 
11... 
....." 0" 
Meets Wave, l ap 
..."3/4..* 
Na 
ti. . 
mu 
u 
EFTA00810935
--- PAGE 3 ---
nions 
no 
NIOVACC - awe 
nasicni 
o 
Na 
a
‘u 
n.. 
. 
auwo.,..•rou 
om... 
113,11.120 
NACAALN MO 
volhorA).3 .....• 
Newt - 0...• One
nu 
iummTsatiOCO:Nal 
Ram a...mins W•in 
NaNA 
H. 
11311.11:44 
etAbi.A0 
vA*1428 . 1. 8. 
Pia* 
Ou•ria
S% 
v.... 
W 
a.... 
ipso worn."'" 
NaNA 
nu 
K.' 
TON.1110.
ftett+1 
Wit .4.8 On, 
tnanwe ru.ros a.) 
Munn few wool Vol 
kison ..rurhas,
Na 
,W. 
4"' 
ts 
rains, 
NACMD:AAD 
Wie0.4 - sin 
...., 
....on 
tanaeliragwv• TIMO• 
Na 
4' 
4' 
ts 
,,
,...n 
na,/,..no 
WI ONCtS - sin 
teen - tunark2 a Twe 
Horns vsan TO** 
...nth. e 
Na 
kw 
4" 
u 
mina, 
rat 
144•AD: 010 
NAM( NM .ku ,
iunt 
crin.,,,,
,
sea Wald's*, lii 
Pn. (Ti
 rikyawl 
I 
Na 
4.
KU 
NA 
4VeAINNAA0 
volh,..0) , Wise 
Num* ..Suti 
Two 
MeV. Mogan 'NW 
luarfte rot 
Na 
kw 
, 
TRIMS, 
NACMDSA,10 
IMAKA08 4luu 
Pint 
.ftw•Ev. 0 
i 
Na 
.0 
nu
WA 
Wor. Taal, •••te 
Puts 
PIACMOSA,10 
Matta 
- as 
Mari - non 
a as- 
Uy.uflOweateuisii 
Catwonieno Nat 
ad 
al 9.a. 
Na 
.v. 
^" 
n.
717.11.1341 
NJOIMMO 
Way 
aw 
sways . natem a 
Awns µpan li•e• 
Pres 
Na 
kw 
4' 
pys 
inalu 
N.ACOAPS MO 
tilhcAOS *Me 
.an 
uttatanOS
1u 
linall,tenhAunni 
Glenna Mira/ 
NaNA 
n. 
n.
rainal 
ittigra0 
V44141.28 .1.. 
Pan% womb" 0 
sank Way, LOW 
...",.... 
NA 
nu 
, 
, 
ft /CIAO: MD 
y4.14.0, `,.. 
Pan% Choy b 
wcua Nue Wm.. 
lima 'NW ...I P,S. 
Mni.Y ,
NA 
iwn 
nu 
,n.
I
TV.II 12111 
ItACAPOS MO 
WOOLS
ft.
, * - ......." 
Pair) 
NA 
P.. 
Ku 
n.
M.... *Ta 41.. . 0.
RACANDS MD 
Wiette.4 - *in 
ntres • natio 
a 
2.3.• "" . ...
""
ism 
Na 
A% 
" 
pys 
IPIACMAL /AO 
VAMAC.$ bk.., 
Pima* hrif•If 0
KM 
An•••••:. Als,* 
Roglithprartad.o0/10 
Mani lawn WOO. 
NaNA 
" 
n.
717.11.1307 
OtAtAA(4 MO 
Wieffie.$ bk.., 
our* Ws. Wu*. • 
'au Nam Manic. 
Na 
vs. 
, 
v s
EFTA00810936
--- PAGE 4 ---
712.11.1343 
notnnon MD 
Wa0s06 sin 
roan. nand 
Sans Piaave. Tan 
w..etiut•• 
Na 
.x 
no 
pv• 
72011.1322 
PMAB05MO 
4.  nir 
roan 
nand 
I ni ellaave TN 
Na 
int 
nu
•n•
A 
72011.1321 
t y ttr
ia, 
MA•141,03 mime, 
Nan 
04e .0.1 42“ 
....nay. 
Na 
.. 
nu 
no . 
72011.1373 
vtle.A.30:ni0 
WA c I.C4 C anct 
teen lantslas.$ 
P•tnao ,
•n• 
co...4. B 
E
an ..”.. 
"-, 
Na 
.. 
.. 
..... 
7121 AI 
0/0.413: MO 
5414(6..n 
Ilan 
Sans& 
s 
T 
- OW • 3203 .1 )314 l 
441 
RI .X4 man 
Is." 
ni0) 10‘01 
LC l:tm, Jo 
.... • NJ 
VA 
PIVISPataavUom. 
, 21118 
.1104....a. 
AA CC•10MO.14.4• 
041•••k• inn 
Onn•Iwin410. 
4111•Olo• illeatIPIO 
rya a. W•nniinilSIO 
i 
WA ow .flOCO .. •1315 L-
s, 
/1* 
"Owl MORD 
1.01/1140040 
7'21  iii' 
MI C0113,11011.0 • VAN 
443134nexe. 
3404••••• cr Wen ha 
" Sc."'
r  c". " .."
ea•V1.01..- sintan 
Vs 
Na 
41-CW • 12,2421 II HID L 
cra 
PI • ne on nr. 
••••••,1 nel 
/1* 
1.31•1114
1113 
1.0011,10 14.0 
:flows 
MI C011011010C• 
Pasunit Can 
Paean. LanSyn 
Cum, 0 in, can. 
Pout CerbnyInlo 
MIN 
• KO. WI 
Mal 0 taI.C.IP 
0nangil tkow OW 
i 
RI CW33443011 
70303 
L 2447 
101414.1141 
lon.1312•4 
wow. we 
weal mo••• 
4/0111•4 
IA CC•10010110.0 
Pre mow C460.4...*0 
041:•143 1in WO*, 
Da
Oa natio. 
ea Samar 
On 
fIsteries 
,) 
,•)(41‘ 174,4 
11143303X• 
I sill.....• 
141 VITIF.1 pa • In Pitons., 
71741.1144 
WI CC•104104.4.0 hin 
rn Cron.] In 
&ant Spun • pr.A1,
nr.,••••+Cerceses• 
iranord•Wenne. 
4. -...whin. 0'en mu mm 
.40111,02 
nuaLoal 
lins. Sasso •tan,... 
pus 
73101.1141 
IA C01401 %01.44 
1Nntenr•Co 4,14.1••• 
• etniC••• *Sad nun 
won., ono own 
NO roe non Anse 
Na 
.. 
no 
, 
4221 MS 
am common, 
tnnielenn• Soar, 
te•AginCearnen 
.11.4117-2
NW 
VOWS,. .......0. 
organ, 
• 
I 
ICV 4 13.4 sa on is tree
plea lry ISA* 
MA 
n'innounto 
4011 1330.43 
72001.1143 
Oa C0140 1,
4•3 
Posairan Cant.* 
• 
Outgo el ...G.. rtman 
&nib I 7t0 01•10. I MI* 
Rala•Po n13411131. 
Cep Ceprieso Na* 
ln 
ICS 
T 
ow • estvam 
on 71310> 
I. 2140 
r, s 14 
110 17/104uo4u yo.1141 I 
.. onto. N ono...v. 
In t Ire 
Rm. 45 O. 
TP21.1131 
0ACC•i0(nOti. 
raven/ 
1.0•60 •011 
any 
honor 
Ono 
In*. ••"... 1
Winn 1.01•4 retelON 
Y 
WA 
/1u 
nu 
pv• 
71/01.1145 
MR CC•tarnONING• CO. 
Os 
voKan so 
any 
Win 
43.4341 
Ppfau•nia,Pnalin• 
2D12.0 11 
53.2 
• CHI - SW12 H0079 l 
in 
1.0 • 10 rot.r. 
near On. 
Pqn1•14044. 
40•ilini.4414 
73741.1174 
CON° On 
Ann 
N. Gros •41•*. 
Cnortero. 
41444inirt 0 Elva 
•••••••• legUrt Pm 
/WIN* eineetela 
ONTO IV Iv Pania 
a-
I 
134 
noon,. tn• 
moan*, 
on 14. M 
axgaue.ti a 
Tot Area. 
r.ramos. 
EFTA00810937
--- PAGE 5 ---
4021,11.1) 
OA C04100101.0.0 • 
Rinarnain Gria40,1400 
• 0.4.1:0 0 0....0 0.00 
ono troessomet Swam 
Ons411...0.30 
Y.1) 
T 
It cv...) in. 
n.. 
rt,.41.030t> 
0.) .71•034n 0 
re121.1106 
M coe.”0)..0.10 • %PI 
4,00100.Coklopsof AP 
0.0.0fres • °NOP I* 
Oa AV ran 
Mem 1.1* 
I 
Ray% T.A 
C01
KO 01A0
0.0011, 
Wind Is 
aril
, X
T 
Was,00 0 0 
Iwo.. 4ra, ken Cionbia 
...Ina. 
non tooMP0 
MOH in 
MI COMDITIONM • 
Poseasuni. Una - 
Owes Pm Can, rise* 
NN •Clee bAusi Inv 
M0 *KO ...le Po Non 
aquoRsuo0owonoro 
374,u Nu Nwisur 
WA 
nn 
nu 
nts 
71021.1M 
AO CaiOrnolinG• Ca. 
SWUM. likan IN 
Inny8ww, 
0•••• PO 
Omni tee Wurreq 
SAO en ay Paiscel4 
010,10Nns in I MON 
Onnice,...014•••• 
Pawl 
WA 
nn 
%CI 
Nts 
4021-Illt 
Mit C01101iontZ • 
RIP•sift ear Cat. 
Per ta C.Aof.04.,0 
Pa • Owe* I, Wo feu 
M14..1 
s 
WA 
11. 
Pl.. 
N• 
4021-1111 
AM C0140,110ntZ • 
regeouni. fora. 
OwenoCae0,00•••• 
04.• 0.0•110 35000 
WA 
.I. 
NU 
nu 
, 2 3 MS 
/0100140.110110.0•COS 
...owe sower ad 
II.njByIIs0 PUP 
Ina.. Vales 
Noweewo vamps:nu 
mkp Asa An
W., 1205 
)012.* I I 
z
ow., '0' ohnpraw to 
P....,..WACCM•0 
ouou 
on rune sup. 
ia+.01.i. 
to nuazww rowan& 
PP)LAWISIVI.10•4140010t 
.X044.W10110,0ROO M Mt 
R.C40 01» 
1.0131.03M0 
0) .71•03M 0 
7WWWII 
AO COPIMOPING• Cal 
haws Mustard 
usurp roam • croon i• 
Caw onaumwool 
WA. dui Paw:* sr 
AnwoOrow• Soto. 
liNdlinIn.A•44, 
WA 
nn 
NU 
Ma 
71741.1M 
AO CpMMFOL.CM1 
India. 1
 ad 
Warr01,,w, -0...• I• 
Can oa to• vim., 
Was* dr00•0•.-0I, 
Alla Paean Sp*. 1 • 
OrelikplaPPONI4S 
WA 
no 
nu 
FM 
"UMW" 
aut C000rnamoc • cur. 
Cara- Catac Cannei 
told.Alo. 
Na 
no 
nu 
VA 
y31. 11X 
MI CWO11O1FO. 
Usu... 
Caw :woo 
• Coot•Cau *owl non 
low Oro u Ow Ise a 
,11W FM Nitrate. 
WA 
.ho 
M. 
M. 
Itnnain 
401CONN11006.4 , Cu. 
Mounts
,  WO 
WIMPY {WYT '.
tw000nwo Wenn 
Pounoto Pasoan 
Awash.... Lapis 
Conga +aW*4a 
Arun 
Na 
inu 
nu 
no 
MONS 
&PECONO.b0.1.4 
INentotan 4,14 
OuretraGAw,Pmnsimr 
MN ar04.0 .Z0 f ea 
nor Wu* 
WA 
II* 
nu 
WA 
rall.M7 
AS 0310010104G 
ert.sreCcesvi 
OwerVetanl me-paean* 
NUM 114, 0,“. 
01114110ann‘ilvaaa,
WA 
VAS 
NU 
N. 
71/4IAIIII 
sACONIDIat-0 
Mame.. - 0.04.•3 
Masan On -hail ea 
n.0..1.1 
Dn. at toe. rmi 
I 
M. 
T 
• ON -400 il IS* L412 
MS 
PO in100.1P> 
ro maw° 
EFTA00810938
--- PAGE 6 ---
r472,41201 
4.9 CC410.11014K1 P. 
Ike Oriel INNS, 
arni 
Torp olni 
8.1. 
0X•1
1••
C 
• 
letYen 
inS0n010ien T ea. 
Meaty WIwa 114pUrat 
Na
v
A 
I M 
nu 
nu 
. 
7”1137 
ketteuorri , Anne,* 
SW 
 C.
Ar 
Nil 
VAAOWAIrtOns
1.µ.•0410.0•804.00 
WA Man./In* 
X% 
Neel *WS. 
Neel •1004 0 
71,42.3.4444 
04.4.0.104~04n I 
011 
1$ 
WA 0* .2451 .1 INO t433 
WA 
"qui II0041, 
ma ..1.1004 o 
Wails. 
onftteuord • YAW 
(W00% Isiltid • 0400in 
• OvAntinsw..e,
inelOrt.4 iap.... 
. 
ZS 
ro cs
sare4,42 AM* seep . 
144-.01.1 iis 
MANX.. 
'An.
m.... no tnn 
WE ID/ 
. 
1> 
T 
14PHOIlft, 
2C4e.11 Xe4 
m.... no tnn 
VAIMAIC.4 U•lor 
%/nal m1*. al. 
Do." OW WOO. OD 
lewd • Lift a Toth...1 
ti AMMO Alini0 
WE 1171 
/010.401.7. DIM rWa 
LawciSomn.R0reftreil 
Cat:4VMM r__ 
ROSA os 0 Paean WON 
WA 
nu 
N. 
Nu 
7270:3101 
mosit.ei tams 
latAptenbbn no 
Pita AA** 400 
Octal • lowvi Vat& NM 
inlidleset /an* 
Na 
nu 
nu 
nu 
71122,114,
'muted Lon/ 
latApt en bblis no 
Dina nS Ubli. SG. 
enrol . Ow 4. NA Kg 
inlidleset /an* 
WA 
.4. 
NA 
vs 
727.23.0.1 
0440, 110rel • 0* NH 
00•11frOon • Ave 
timo Towi we, wm• 
0.0 ', troy cm., 
Na 
nu 
nu 
pys 
WS it° 
onnau6WI , 0.6•Ftin 
OVIVP Spin 4..,n 
toiliSr. 
WA 
WA 
WA 
WA 
71733.044 
AMPS, 
• INNS SW. 
Cattnpain • CP0430 
ea. 
WA 
104 
nu 
nA 
72).22.04$ 
Autte.a..........• 
Nit 0.14 Cay.te 
Kir. IS, Ovis 0 
PPS che &mew 
,46,•ge kuter4. 4
Leap 0,os. W. CAT 
oCAT • a Nan...* 
WA 
DIM 
K. 
tA 
0M.01 
tighl 
ty...nre 
004.0frgn Gout.,
Cc. 
Na 
.4u 
nu 
nA 
mammy 
AV rOhOT CIF/. PAO 
caw span • CPWA 0 
0)... 
Na 
nu 
nu 
nA 
71/41.040 
AtrECOLOT • Opal MI 
enti :wan • OW* 0 
Are 
Na 
MS 
I•44 
nA 
71/41.1221 
ANOOLOrt , °Sip. 
004OttinInrCOltv. 
• 
1.1440 %.r, hownr, • 
'WINO MO. Fallkill 
WA 
DO 
VA 
{A 
Drain 
AVICitlail • 0041. tlY. 
Casa Spain • WY acto 
00.••...a Niro, 
—C--. 
1.4‘0.4 
WA 
WA 
WA 
nA 
mamas, 
Atra:01.01- — 
not 
cmt:ean • asp ..' 
Ofice. 
WA 
WA 
nu 
nu 
Malin 
AlltatiOt • 00% rill 
0,1101414. rtia•S• 
ter. 
Na 
W4 
WA 
vA 
71763.1.1,1 
4.70.160 . 0.0.4 NM 
Orial tog. rA•mal 0 
Gnaw/Poo Bunt 
Nun on, Nruan Ike 
Na 
104 
w. 
nA 
71763. 1354 
inel0,104 • Aso. 
Vol...frfror UWE 
.
4. to 
Nita 
144.0.0 
fti %%a... to 
........J•L
ei Tnc.44441 
b. slim' Aarne. 
WA 
NO 
{A 
EFTA00810939
--- PAGE 7 ---
ThOtOnlit 
ALOWLMIO • 00.4 NO 
Can! Wow • COWS 
Wrom 
WA 
.144 
O. 
o. 
WO2O051 
ALOWDLIO Wogs - 
Moo" 
tan
,44.0. 0 k* a no 
WW 1/4 i WOW, O7 
Ow.). ONO MOW.) 
4. alWwWwwen 
WA 
no 
O. 
o. 
ThOWIna 
„Dna,. 
0. 0weo 
Oat Spiw • Owo sr 
?V 
WO evagn 
Na 
4
W 
o. 
MOWS. 
WA 
104 
O. 
o. 
Wolegike.erlaSeS 
%one:coke is iv 
Dea WI WOW. OD 
$rtoO•Lw ti OW, OM 
W Wow:Avow, 
Wall. 
WrtO.01 - On nell 
CoW :We. Own/ 
co”. 
WA 
.4. 
KO 
O.
'WSW 
orro,..or cvra Pal 
COW Wan • On/ 
OW. 
WA 
.4. 
W 
WA 
PRZOIN2 
ALOWIZIO4unon• 
:Won • Oran. 01.1
tesprinCalpar 
R4Orn0aw 
Na 
" 
mo 
n. 
PROVO) 
MOIST. OW WV 
OHOSIOn ramp*. 
WA 
" 
no 
O.
WOCOLOW (WW fwi 
COW WO., 
a
Cana; tog Owl, 
Own. n Amor WO 
WA 
" 
o.
Va 
WOWINS 
OfrOMOT asAftri 
[cern :Win • Ceowo• 
00, 0
WA 
nu 
no 
n. 
MOMS 
WttaltOT • 00% nu 
CatOWlin • Chow• 
Co 
WA 
nu 
W 
n. 
71/414M1 
Cataryw raw.** 
POO tat
Ces 
WA 
no 
1444 
n. 
ThOWOW 
WM:0MM .O.W MO 
nOWW, • Oww• 
keit ColgOONO• 
CW. 
Na 
W 
W. 
W72241•9 
NOCOLOO • Owens 
COO. OW... 4000WO 
CON., OfioroOsOro 
WA 
.4. 
nu 
v. 
ThOtO072 
Atitetoil
, Os wow 
WWSoho • OWN 
Alk*A*I Lon 1WOW70 
Ow 
WA 
W 
O. 
n. 
71,434724 
S
 uric 
1WW 
Ad — 
oo Oo 
oltinn.
OW,
owns • tor to Owe we 
wavelet...ow, 
Na 
VA 
O. 
. 
T1J221271 
WOCOuger • 0•Wf ion 
te*V$Pin -Chig1 
Ana AN .I MW/AM 
WA 
" 
KM 
v. 
71741.074 
%/W•Lew O•WPW. 
Cava:W. - Creow 0 
o OW 
w.kon. Wa.. 
J
r. 
a 
Na 
Aw 
s
wain. 
wwayoor ap
 WOW 
Cern. Syn. Pada 
Ceenr/oW :eon* 
atria 
o KomO We 
o 
WA 
Y. 
W 
a
WO2OWO 
WWW4wi - O.WW. 
Can Woo -Cow 
lOwsiwnip,.....• 
44noWiao caw 
Juloor. 
WA 
no 
no 
n. 
WM In. 
4/10.4.0T 0.0n4 
WOW 001000t 
SYSTOI• Ono el 00m 
Na 
'
.4.
PRE IN/ 
ALOOOLO • Dolli IWO 
Cainfloln • Rona/a 
COW WOW Boni 
Mom .0 Most. MN 
WA 
N. 
o.
EFTA00810940
--- PAGE 8 ---
717.22.36, 
Mow saima Arms 
Moott1/4 0.3. 
AAMIII0Mak. Mg* 
N'A 
al 
nn 
M.
*Cal. 
71122, 01 
MJTOttrall • 0•L+ rim 
Cam Span • CM.. 
M. CcnotOrtpor 
SAM 
Na 
nu 
IV,
MAMA) 
AL.70012447 , D9.4 r,.. 
*Maio.. .A.rs 
C........; Mery 
0104n on, 'MOJA Mn* 
Na 
.x 
kW 
pw. 
Me*Mil 
at
. Deis tw. 
0,1016.4.,•0.1.• 
OA* 
N'A 
4.4 
kW 
.. 
TRZT MO 
Ml1ORCM. 09kIFIVe 
CO*. tola• 0..0 
;Wawa Camaro 
N'A 
.4* 
N. 
w• 
Ma's) 
AVIC.L.... • Oast ;,.. 
CM. Sri., **et* we 
...COW *An 
t"4.CO4“.... 
immta
NA 
.4* 
N. 
w• 
Ma's. 
AVIOtIM47 • Ovid M. 
CermSoonn • Cas• M. 
Cars I.NOMM 
LMVOCC40***/.. 
NA 
.4* 
N. 
pv• 
M.22.011 
00.00. Cal. 0MY Flon 
C.T.IMon • AOMINO 
Ceit.W.44 %WWI,
Nen. a MOW; 6kON 
Na 
SIM 
NU 
71, 491294 
000, 110., OAP* 
Ain
..0 00•01•0**S 
Wort Paolo, a 
Ma 
o 
Na 
nu 
.. 
M*2411,
MaO1fM
IlirealeiCamar 
Pm.. P. Ours.. 
Per NNW ,* 
hate kv..:n.0 
Linfroteroa... CM 
IS nCAT •A 
NA 
w.. 
N. 
v1 
roams 
000* LON,  AM•01* 
c000nmoo vow... 
Camaro 1...erOwn 
o 
N'A 
Kw 
nu 
n. 
Maill. 
.00.0.
,
000,11.0, Owvot 
OiAlskikt•NOMIlen 
an 0...MI *Ina 
triwiaLt. wpm* 
N'A 
FM 
A. 
pw. 
Wail% 
k110.0. MS 
VIC014 by .... 
CM. NO..,...Laye la 
MIX E. 
Na 
M* 
N. 
.. 
.022 IM 
mnfottan Mir 
.401 Galway... 
C.114 Wei Hang 
Ma.... A......• 
ig4Invere1/2 ke. 
N'A 
;4* 
N. 
"I 
M*2121, 
WM Lien owns. 
Calni....* Cart. 
•?.. Tony Melat• 
stc..•,...P.A. 
NA 
;4* 
N. 
w• 
+nom 
uf0'IOa 0.r•%k 
0.....w.
-Corti 
ay.. ,.."‘ u....•. 
kozw• ;Saran 
Na 
Kw 
nu 
pw. 
711,23;13•8 
')AMMT 
OS,
Cant Min rtasy.• 
.9•:01%4Cogi• 
Na 
DO 
NM 
.. 
71743;08, 
AnvoreiCertalVIN. 
9. , 1•10014011 
....Mn 
N'A 
Wes 
N. 
pw. 
MM.. 
n i n 00.,.0 0.0. 
Ceirdikniireinentar•MP 
nisks ;RR P.m. 
Of ensIM*440:1 
Oimilen Ts Mita A 
Watt Cerinuttn el 
Anpa.M•1* welAnsed 
Na 
MAW/4 
AOIOID4.r • hams 
Dolim • Patna 
Pastio 
I 
~we: CC 
OO Mkt 
DAM 
T 
OS -101.4 HMI I. 
Sr 
%Vs 
at.11.4.41, 
was. Itets 0 
EFTA00810941
--- PAGE 9 ---
4,22.1231 
Alittntail.CCOA. 
Siren CONTiCt 
31.1104 • Mrs Com, 
i 
NA 
.k. 
NA 
WA 
73.7.23- RH 
irriatfriatbOria 
Nunn. 
WA 
Ass 
no ea NNW e 
mem WWOrio 
71703.101 
CONOKA T Owl 
Piewor MAT. Mul 
Cridnihnes • histatetC4 
Tr* Pasanys hate 
MOW/1W h 004 
CrileilimalheleCaval 
.131,... 
I 
HIS 
SO 173 .24 
II0••• 
t
.." 
te 
WA 
Inormeat a wyJni 
.....m0grare.. 
•••••••••••14•4•••••140 
ItInai. la; di 
isaitoore..0rvoi 
In.,. rosy... v. 6.e. 
MISIDI.rh 
moans". 
N01111
cerneara 
00100.40CATIOfl, 103,
kspaWNPICI 
New/4
x 
r
y
ano 
III 
se 
a 001wk k 
07.01, 
als1.. 
r 
0a. 
Val mown, 
wy. 
Ma on li i tents" 
hotel...WM 
.44 tenan•on.nIMAI 
TVAIIIM 
e
Aso 
Ways, Ma 9•110a 
0.no Pens,. 
M. 
10:43501 
Sent 
sweet. 
7112111,0i 
03N0000,ONS 
0wprowNwa 
uturbs i MN • Wat 
/unit row canoNy 
— 
wane.. 
1,0~A 
it 
Na Wane on* 
ow AWN 
S.140 
........ 
71703-1331 
03.0eCallOWS 
lananfonuiedinfr 
Meru. ail Peary 
SW.ile.J4IR - Cm, Oat 
M. f liras 
M. 
'RITMO:MY. 
POIn . 0,W.4 0
TR ST I I 7) 
Qom...r...bon 
tension...a.. 
Nonni in ROAN, 
61m••• Lmuloombe 
MAW^ 
I, 
T *OPT* 1.0 
.1. 
00131,1400,t0 
00IIIII00110 
71703-031 
031WICATIOW. - tiles 
M.Y. 
:par, On} 
0.1.VW•oltna• Ti 
i 
y 
DIM 
PO WI elPaRiD 
NOM 0i0i.•40 
717.33-130 
COVWOCATIOWS 
Ca r
V
 • Rip%Rere.10 
Me nvaulant 
innuena AMM 00 no 
‘01..hti. 2 Gra* 
'finest 
VW 
Onve•Tairi,C400 
hods nif. Soft hen) 
a.* taco.. 
con....,.. 
Me Vre 
ANN. KAN Ova 
Mm we ura car 
NON On...an 
1401 in as tunteen• 
MIAS Panntr,4 Ma 
•VOOT AC003 Ikon 
Na 
DIM 
n... 
71713. I PS 
03W.31.4110113 - 
Maio Owe. ••Mean 
OCcinelaulav 
Valenti LI* Avon
AY
PolvS.14334,0 
Ares. Nan
,. 0 Yin 
Nur. rwani 
Cono.ww. 00'.. No 
we yawn cents owls 
Ur. 
i 
Na 
't, . 
niv 
wy 
00.60000 04 
0.00..0..eaws 
New. p .1 Rits., •41
Stinn,-...
10. 0I 
Ram. Can APtie 7,0 
AWL CtrilatilleM 
VIIIICSIMIV. PACtSil 
Co., rancor fp°. 
Noon Nooveg NANA 
WPC :53 W.,  00,. lot 
Nal Cone 
Torosona Ns cNwo 
In. Ilicolt wt. 0 nint 
aceafroCioar 
I
Na 
EFTA00810942
--- PAGE 10 ---
r)721 0•4 
COW•AOCATIOIN - 
50. raw. awl PORW11 
5W.^ AilMerwl 0 
senetOn'Oegin,
tatiwo el wwPg..1 
-.
‘...."un
V•wonenili n 
AliesIteerarksite• 
W01%ow Cif NW lOcNuo 
tokOrtreNik. 
Nowor. thr. WitAikw 
rw, WO * . l oLown,
CuOt.W0ti 
Towne Con:4, 0144P 
SW.OwATC Msg. 
ran .1<cowelaka 
Moyne Wan 
egva.0 Eno, 
...apt IN NO 
Nowole.C.pao 
9M.O.SI 
Na 
IPA Wit 
COW0.0C.O3,4 %F. 
1Wcedim Sone Wielataws 
Coop VicaRterelo 
VisawrOMArs010,4. 
WA 
nu 
'Vs 
NM Wei 
COWANCATICNS MP 
Fosse/ CcorwtS 
WA. Mentos 0 • 
ani.$40,  •
Ccorvea. Swan we 
ro...4 ti 0u~ 
Ilsoccesenekailes 
61...w0 Owl xi bagle. 
Na 
Nw 
75,43.081 
COWIJOCATIOIN • ten 
yrnr•Soun•hur• 
Na 
nn 
nu 
pvw 
717,2314.8 
We},
 rw 
We prowp. 
0.). 
Cooawtes Pastor" 
W. 
, 
WA ON. WW2 HSI)) I 1923 
nn 
rta ul Olga t• 
rani 60:wid 0 
717.23141) 
ca wcacw. 
&saw Convicsat. 
a
 et
a.O UN 
No* 
On 
W.ww0w4newoUnI0Aw/ 
'SAW..30.n 
W 
, 
nu 
n.
A 
71743141) 
COWIJOCA11310 . 
Anvil Ca.Malink 
WOOS., 0,04p.Wwl 
9Ø4... Wait. te • 
Am., CAM 
CorwAulan Maya. 
DA Opt.. 
al WO 
.40rosiaNY 
Tuna. 
WW1,10,WO NM WM. 
Gila,. NIS.. 
€4 WA 
Anww•Cw.o. MAW 
MT A./..P....0. 
W.Cantiova 
twrcenworovir 
WA 
nn 
nu 
n.
Cemellweas 
72703-100 
Enoneemankn 
AO. 'Cal.. 
Ow Iwo. 
• Can 
oy n0twry 
°Tan. 
Cowern 
1720.0.
ChrlOWS 
, 
NA 
..4 
nc. 
, 
RO Z1 I in 
Onwileowww.e.n. 
OwkWie we 04 Pit.Wl 
blm.. MOW.. 0 
f.w wwaw, a 
Laww•suil. AM-al 
.311.. 
S
t•uw.non Ilan • 
Ccertiales On Lew 
C.w....1. 
14001.1O tfl. tholvco 
K. f mi.., NM:ow 
wrIwilearn 1 N. 
WA 
nw 
NJ 4014L1 
COWLNICA/10.4 - 
SCLCAt - CaweiPirwt.3 
F. puny O.. 
Vols.., 
Ila 
I. 
No 
, 
EFTA00810943
--- PAGE 11 ---
117.2.11113 
COWOCA11011: 
Alatel Concyces 
Nooran. in.P•nl 
6Wn toril in 0 
O.••••nain v. mom.. 
thtmdaninint, 
VW* seal Coen Om* 
SW., Snot On 
WA 
+. 
WA 
4733 Mil 
catWoCMIOW. 
Alatel Concyces 
nora
. 
.1 pits.a.) 
90.... lefla• 0 
lia...s co. PANG:9$ 
*UV Cnnin 
wit 
WA 
Pv. 
!WSJ 105 
=
Ann 
fenan Conn,. 
Nonni iM P.n.) 
BM.. cnCaRtt,
CO ....oats* 
teinrors Wt. nee 
Nay. .6.0.10 
navancy Min TTACIII 
ansCcerc frac rsubien 
nn 3 'V et•swownwt 
Onni• 61sIgniona 
Pen... 
I
W A 
nu 
v.
Owen. 
71743-1134 
COMILNICATIOI“ 
Antel Canaan 
Agana 'I Jos noconna 
Swim Corrounes 
Nibunit V% ed 
&Awn On Ginn 
C.Q. en
, t411,.. 
WA 
K.,
nu 
WA 
71743-11.8 
COMILNICATIOW. 
Antel Conaen 
knit. 
nul Pnr0 
61m." Want
, " 
Vsionert Vickers. 
throw 
I 
WA 
N. 
WA 
n741 in, 
OOMMOOTIOWS 
san'yarn in 
Atlemini •NRCOV,I 
Lon, /OAR • 
Maa2nnt..00) 
A ne On 
had MVO 
(M•ne.C.0150.1/4. IN 
nel
3/4......)9•Itl• 
o 
WA 
K., 
p vs 
71743408 
CO VOLFICA/rild. • OAP 
nein 
Usire• On 
GI/4n. Otainl 
Awn R.0.• 
WA 
+.. 
no 
A. 
Wawa 
COMMOCAlin , Hi 
Ontnn 
ego.... • 
Alnenr 0 Mn 4011 
Mower> 
spawns. 
we. Yr. AP OM." ,
Vann.. 
inn 
swkeva 
o 
WA 
no 
n.
caorwouwa 
717411.12 
COMILNICA/10.6 • 
Arten Canaan 
61,.
14.... COo nn
" . ""...
10il 
non 
LW tam, 
Chn 
WA 
,, 
A. 
WA MI 
COVnICATIOYS 
‘GCE WOW) 
MIN
, 1.41.1LUMOI 
MCC Wan° 
,AWA 
=ant 
via 
W A 
nu 
n.
OnoWNEVIA3COMPO 
WA MS 
COVINIUMCAlln • 
knIfl Omonell 
bow, ow ow WAWA) 
8,14..14‘n 
Omni** 
Mann Olt Mn HI,
frin 
anna 
I  n 
C 
ger ea Dale 
In 
Pens0bcon 
AIIIAS narroadata• 
nosanoCenen 
Mn 
OaCy..* 
BM 
ow FAA* 
Astro 
W A 
n.
no 
. 
EFTA00810944
--- PAGE 12 ---
Wallin 
CO WI 
Mid • Wry 
110 nica .effiiin
Camara 1,ann • 
MUM., d 1t.12. *a 
j Yu % 
na 
NA 
Wh 
nx 
WA 
warn) 
03144.0040041 FAN 
rwww*Sp4n, 
Oern 
At 
Catcl
imInabi 
Loon* 
N'A 
W4 
WA 
PV. 
'WM nn 
unitCov.ondii 
Wow', iM ROAM 
*in 
...Iman* 
ArtunCernacnni 
Stoup is.lbcarq 
LA ,  aAwe:AM' 
i..ara 
a. d Pi naafi 
No. Corolo NAO. 
LA Ofrowncalos cw. 
NA NA L. NM T. 
Na 
W4 
WA 
root* 
TattiwynNiknIMP•rok 
Stan 
wen An 
031•11.011C.01014 • 
%Ott AUX4, 00 
AMNIA INTSCUITI011 
Of nNO00tM AXE 
WOOER 
A 0496,030 005. 
O'NC 
AMY PAN 
M0 
1W1.03VPATO.0 
I.W.ALL ONAuTOCIIT 
00040 
Na 
W4 
AA 
7,711.41.1 
CO.Martid, 
senitCanumwan 
Sent. 
N ItiOnN 
Corm. Asacni at 
rani Mali 
Carauln 
MIMS.. 
.4 4 .1c,, •80 4.• 
Nnaji..ertinwt•• 
C06,40"3 On IA 
CO••••Nin,
%acne Lt* 1,11 Very 
....illaa.4Yieligalt 
...an"
, ••• 
atar
,
Na 
WA 114,
COMMOC.110 ,0 
•,,,,nce.,,,,,,,,, 
Nora eq .014,1ry, 
61w4 
Aopiwww 0 
cowman 
Awn... no
o  
400,0 oat Amori 
$ AGSM. Ways, 0r, 
-,Cownigace. 
Nius.ertIn as 
Wolegra.0.Pro 
Pow .edS MaMeore 
Ccesotessa. LP* fl ea 
NA 
IVS3 Mt 
00000CAnow) 
Aninecenucaena 
WAN. N aN Ihiar0 
Hoer, - Asbconn et 
Caniwin 
Wrive..1.1l.a 0.0 
Ana., POIG001,00 WO 
a+1.40Stro• 0 
Commodon 
timAwron wan 
W
Mesta Ain.. 
Coral., ICarti .1 
Caren avian 5sied, 
Cenn 
a Pon., 
G. le na.,..tctr 
o 
WA 
w. 
po. 
740n On 
COVIAAICATICYPO \La* 
Nom* Owls. wan., 
I Coop vow Now*. 
Ara 00414 000... 
Na 
nn 
717.23-104 
COMMAC.A041 
AW. Cawoodwo 
Aomori aw PcwwW 
44 • Cerewoosaw 
lArwwwrs DA 4 Apt. 
nineralotla, %%1,HO 
Ni 
Na 
n.
hopswe 
Anew 
infewea SY ioNaukn 
in) NM tftwoonoo 
CeVir efsg..Foant 
Wien 
717.23-1411 
031410.011CA/10.12 • %Fa 
Rarest Spun • 
Wo.www. 0 en) 
Vtlenetstgowealt• 
WA 
4, 
EFTA00810945
--- PAGE 13 ---
PRAM) 
CCIVIAAOCAtiOltS • INN 
imp» SIAM  
000 
' r e
Ceenreflognabern 
NA 
110
NU 
w• 
71023100 
OOUL.Knigwl V00 
Am.* Onto, • CAM 
Sp. None 00,100010 
Wni Ann  On, I aril 
nn 
NA 
No 
, 
7)>23-101 
COWLAICA/10112 • 
4,4,  000.0.00, * 
•40.50.. •NPAninl 
SW..
0.001,00,
0.4..nmil MING M10 
tw C. 1.0J0 Ian I. 
07.0.6:00. 
'a=
In
Na 
0. 
nu 
,,,. 
7” 23-1.0.3 
tantoe3 v./ 
*A r......wer 
Ciennacto ewe. 
ronsnatonni• 
'arot MAC no 
Tin... 
Mt. WOO 
 ,•0..0.-0:00I LI. t4:00 
Cwt., rano, T6r10 
pltt 
N'A 
0,4 
nu 
pv. 
?If 
NO 
00.W...<0 T K0 an 
*/“00.wel 
CoThanarbyrn 
hblona.AANC 7N 
air DON Lrik SAS 2-
00000 
Na 
I- 
nu 
pv. 
.Bdl
oonal 
T 
Pads 
71743-1441 
CCAAMOCATIOIN - 
Antal Caracsen 
Arowl ad Ihrn..) 
". 
44" .... " 
1000/1004.4,at 
Co••••Ylirs we 
Alsoto•OrsYs. 
C
r
avry0:01  Vono.001 
WAS Altar 
7000weleaces hiPwsk 
Calellopffiew Con IJO, 
Caraceas tftwaveni 
pr.e, Como* 00,0it 
0100000 MO WM, 
Cyan 500Amin 
0.00400nalAWAIN 
inn. 1 i Went InnIC 
WO garnet Pawn 
Croats:A Was* 
Na 
MI 
n.. 
RtZ, NO 
M .K.igwl. V00 
Amato On*, 
11/4010•001 0 f•Kast• 
00t0 110:001n0
Intu00.0, 0* MASA 
Mcasp ran he.
Ccnt•sra 
V00.0•011,* 
Na 
M. 
AN 
n.a. 
,11.211444 
03.00.4CalK04 , Wry 
...Inner 
CCem104.441 Swan • 
atake. a rreaY•0040, 
Nor/ Cu, AS 
. 
Na 
WA 
nu 
n.. 
rosy iia 
COWAFICAliONS • 
Anen Ccenucts• 
Meru. awl Pe0101 
BAs,, ACAAN V•Iniks 
r t4n.noien, 
'turn 
tht xim VS 
kfil•• 00nallyi/RUI 
VAR 
, 
Na 
.4% 
x 
n.. 
MANN 
3~004,0 
mf, bilaVy 
0V . m
 fi" 
• 
mrdrowile 
r...eiceinuess2 
Na 
00• 
a 
N.
rms.., 
710.23400 
CCAYAOCATIONS • .An 
00,11.0WeI 
000,0001iNni SAW* , 
io 
wan§ Ontrov 4. 
no.,,v4 
• two us 
Mob 
.•0000 
Na 
0,S• 
V. 
WA 
EFTA00810946
--- PAGE 14 ---
"RAMO 
00%....anOWS 
tette Onus <an 
AM map min 1 aprIN 
0,0in [swan. 
Intarnmva 
famn.h• n *assail 
/./.4•WW•8014.• 
Cenroblilin IA••••00.1 
UM se **an 
100:01•••Valla NO.,* 
cant Ist.010 IJO, 
CannICS. Vinyard 
We 7,11 VIC YD. WO= 
3CAPAS“ Wit Triarobe 
PISset .
VMS. 
10....0•0+0.8.nnon 
past pa...an...a 
Na 
nu 
nu 
nnalen 
COVINIAICA/10112 • Int, 
.40, rlIMPOKY 
cancan 
Sow, 
9401leinall drooled. 
WIMP ht0Snr1Wel 
.,1404.0IS a %WYK 
Cairreelain Nal M. In 
/MC No 04 Poo u• 
woe:Caws tm”.•••• 
es I • Of Cy•ILMUS 
Cipa Cateruleader. 
I
WA 
No 
,{. 
'nal*. 
ighhotabOill 
fatal Co...vied,. 
Nonni ird ROAN,
61m..{•CaRts,
11.0 Wines al 
ear....... 
Moyne Lk* MA.0. 
Maw gwoanutr,4 au 
WA 
nu 
pv• 
7) , n NH 
CatinanCknOle. - we,. 
*Pima...ger 
Ca••••Tars Spin 
Waft. narkalw• 
/MC NO 'macaw. 
an Wry Hil Mane 
Ones Mao IC Meet 
anffiase Taney Ma 
Na 
nu 
nu 
v A•02 
Aran Canaan 
AM....Sp is rilapriN 
VInt,ICAlik - vitae, 
yew.. AM.00 n. 
teS IA tAIWIA. I I. 
Onunurnare 
WA 
nu 
71, 231411 
ctitalailCAtiONS - ..,." 
oninsmv 
envacalat1s, 
YoldAlrfr 0  Herrn. 
/MC P50 W.040 
. 
WA 
n.•
nu 
Want. 
COW.DOCA110.4 - 
Aran Gamacaena 
boost. ma fieriN 
Snug+ !KM'S'', - I.o.W. 
Play.. MOIC ••• 
tan, It  Pau*. 
Ce•yosTars 
Mihlule01 VI 
Iv* •••••11
I 
WA 
nu 
nu 
lion 501 
, 
in. rina.ir 
Lartousai, swan . 
rows ,e Ai Inv* 
14neriMAIO1C rte 
,004. 0, 00,Ve0.10 
kail•eg Oak V* MS? 
Ccatery sed Reda 1a0 
in 
, 
Na 
K. 
.,, 
,. 
n7.23-14M 
COVIAJPOCMIONS • EIPI 
nel
.00tInr ,  • 
VIM Pah l' o 
Or" 
O 
/3.4"0. 
WA 
DIM 
VA 
n.
Cat ,
WA UV 
COVII4LOOCA/10.12 • 
Cairr•Ouirs • Pore 
Ma/ bP Ma, 
Nabs. Nowt 
WA 
.441
nu 
vs 
EFTA00810947
--- PAGE 15 ---
IPA UM 
COW:W.0KM 
Ante Onnwur. 
Aaron. an ...IN 
%sun An...rut 
ain.
Camno-Seen *spina. 
r0.1.40•80 ,01. 
Cavrooltin Moivord 
net, Mon 
100,wirrolla Nan. 
CattrInn OYU Oa 
Camas. 
Wags, 
Ina Mini°. 
MCC 
ICAPAIAL WC Trainees 
Anlier....1.
0000:0 
a WAnA AA* SHWA 
DS ATC Worn f ••••• 
WA 
NA 
N. 
717.21WW 
COWIICA11010r inn 
Stan0Any0111, 1 
Cernaciiin %an • 
Mine. a Lila 
.,S• 
PIM 
WA 
MAIO° 
WW.M
Vagn•••6$41. • Oral ,
Centlnh.thabrol ra 
tr•ftwo 
Na 
.,S• 
no 
WA 
TVA 1442 
0310•AnICATIONS • HO 
nai....voin 
Cartleal. ham • 
',Wan <I *toad.. 
I 9 awe 
won WAWA*. 
Ca.* fikiE011 et 
W A 
.h. 
nu 
PV. 
72,034.61 
00100.11CA/1014 • 
na, Cairrueitet 
Sara c. an Perfti 
AAW A &Cat. V6AIOA 
I Wan. COW 
lishoolaln Ur..AWC IN 
&ISM*. Paws,/ 
WaSI• an COIN 
WA 
n.
WM WO 
COMANICA11011: - Warr 
it al MI Ssi.r. - ta in . 
$ <wet Va. frznot 
%no/ Peas. O. Balet 
WA 
n,
W. 
72,43444$ 
COMAMICA/10111-
Arun Otnerucura 
WV .4 al Iblicrili 
190.- anneal 
CawSlilinl 
Minn
{XS 
kW, Oe 
ed 
Pawn 
Mahn 
Nonce Tron.rane. 
%%it w.fraanrOnii 
1.400.1•2anaord 
Mb II Ann) Pmirt 
WA
nth 
717.221444 
COKILAICAnOle. - %bin 
Anal. :sr, 
lbs.. 
a IrCeOpi 
Vag R.,n• owl 
NYASA grin USA 
Ans4 n2F.U..t. 
CawSlilin. 
OANnann we 
WA 
MAIM: 
COMMOCATIOWS Iv/ 
AA Ana," AMA 
Car•Sulas Swim • 
Aninewl 0 foN141, 2 
Cr nyineotArers.in 
• A on*Ond ftWinn 
Orr ',VON...3 Ln.ako 
WA 
EFTA00810948
--- PAGE 16 ---
PRAM, 
COIKNICAU0,4 ,
Arun Cauovuala 
Arent. N Peulua 
Ann • Asown•ne 
[cern Cupb. Wire NY 
anteserel Move LW. 
A•Pluiturt 0 enun 
Cein% 
ACM.190.101 
ilisonor1 viva% 
O•tonoteloonmnavign 
sioicaCrisAansollAt 
Wkanveloia. 
t• • on in U. as 
Wu.. aNCrual 
Cuts. thiM1.COT Ate 
Vamp .1 WA* 
Nun, gollinn. 
14.44.710 onyx. 
awns WO Y. MY .1 
Gwen Temnias 
WA 
nu 
nu 
ISPOI*0 
COvwf/CATICHS - He 
naluiscv Mil 
Canuvat Ann - 
W 
OO. aNdA.Itannt 
O 
Olga Yd, yen
Na 
Nu 
n.
M 
WOW. 
03,AMOCATIO 
wflanonnumsark 
ACO•aci awl Piunna 
SW. - Asacni a to 
Caruraun 
WA 
.N 
nu 
757,21,0 1
t...77., Air, 
AnunCOluuniews 
ACO•aci nil Pion.",
SW. - •Irtift• Or 
ft Xbm OCCellIANC AA 
CamowAn 
Wrhajes.WI VA AnOire 
POWS% M.a.... ~ 
WwAtwAnwAow 
On on !As Wet* 
Toad Mix led Ana 
'al Pat 
WA 
nu 
nu 
71743-10.3 
031,0411CMIOW• - Wk • 
&cp.,. 8,0. WSW 
0•Aw0Wwwwww. 
Owv.at 
. 
WA 
NA 
Mann 
031.1101.C.010.4 - 
Alain Luveracaena 
AOS.1 el .. 04. 1^.) 
Awn-
ArremARAC if 
CO......• n 
" 'W.."
 O. 0 . 4
Sage a 1 tpdmig ft IMO* 
nCeunilwaimi 
WA 
nu 
nu 
71743-104 
030AdLAKAnOse. - 
Alain Orteracaena 
AaNatu is....1.1 
:Ann-
oinenuCanurudiO• 
Mauswest VA min.*. 
0•0••••••••TaIVERI.01 
ins *AM liorovMA, 
rewawyostwww2A2 
Gods Mans 
, 
WA 
In 
?POWS
v 
00MOMCATIOWS 
Itausels Ana Span • 
,,,,c,...,,, 
Pew
suanterNut• 
. 
NaA 
M. 
Nu 
a 
71743104 
COVOLAICATIONI, 
Sae Creuranas 
AualuSkICOII• 
ROMirwid114011•0•16 
VOW.. 0.• 
A.A.mt. TAMAOse• 
WA 
nu 
nu 
In 
71743-1177 
03141.0.1CabOUI vAt 
APhower 
4:•••••allin OW.. VOY 
*PI warty nInneur 
as itere Trip ens 
Mean 
WA 
nu 
nu 
472111.711 
03U14.00‘010II• WO 
Ovinutooiro frown - 
1,4••• (WY, %MC Cairo 
ha/ ainAgusitt):.• 
Calktudn• 
WA 
WAS 
In 
vs 
EFTA00810949
--- PAGE 17 ---
n>11102 
03WAICA11011: 
Antel Caracas. 
Nonni in ROAN,
"..' 
C..."..^'ice
Vskinevel.• Dalai. 
Pacp.infloplOak.i.0 
Cage Ing• A....0 
Ilsocine. 
WA 
KA 
nv. 
17.tri UM 
tens, on ... ea, 
Nonni in Pc.....” 
6Ww.. tortillion, 
An.", Cpe"'na^
Accnot. awl Avon... 
Ssui.. Commas.. 
Wayne. Li,. ay. 
taftwoard Yr...* 
WA 
.0.. 
v. 
VA 
fa 40 .14 ill 
Antel Caracas. 
Accnot. awl Avon... 
WA.* PAPS r50 
Co••••allin V. ',men 
I.W. sego* Pe•na I I 
Wo.iv t.o..04). 
WA 
v.. 
VA 
IV alai 
03WAICA11011: 
Antel Caracs. tea 
Mole SAN. IAURSI • 
14•04...i 0 
Co••••allin V. ',men 
tn. .0.14 r.A Sal, 
lix•••• Cobs 
I 
WA 
... 
nu. 
NA 
7.), 21 Oil 
an.anCoseark 
Nonni in RIWW•1 
SW. anion al 
......rmiterneicalcm. 
Wayne. Li,. ay. 
Oar. a Cara Das* 
WA 
KA 
nu 
N. 
7)>I11.1. 
03,04e0Ca IOW! 
Ante, Caracas. 
AaNa tr. N ReS) 
&wa vigor. a 
Main fm. us. 
40.................) 
W....C.••••••...... 
.....o...........re 
..... V... 
...........0*.• L.I. ow 
...nun. ci Cold 
CkattgAinibetILS. 
ik.a.Ceart.04eby ult. 
eaves:nu. 
Con, 1....v8,..... 
&van 
WA 
..N.
Vent 
rOZJI05 
COM..0.14.1.3.4 Wm, 
_fl_ is ..n • 
Ilvosear. c• ...Cam. 
vtalactviern 
regatta r• Dan 
11.......eF.fro .• to 
Co..........rs 
vas... in 
I 
Na 
Nu 
NA 
V., Z. lg. 
COVILIIICA/10.4 
Anal Ccenacycnt 
NOrani dvd I. ilcsANI 
6Ww.. .teams 
Aryan Cou...egys 
Nonni dvd ROAN' 
61.....Covna......• 
t•vone. Li,. ay. 
sown W2rd.* 
..........
ul. led 
wag.. 0s
. ei Gus 
0.04,..............6 
........eCe....C..weion. 
• ......... te +.....t 
On 
t..U.POWIP 
avIngnee :pr.. 
Camaro 
lawman, Lt*Govoilef 
• Alt blenpanna Wpm 
(........1 
I 
Na
..... 
Pa... 
EFTA00810950
--- PAGE 18 ---
RO VIII) 
00VailManOWS 
tetNettmvuwealem 
ealresel.111.prin) 
LAW, - 4444erice I, 
ArttatOtneraaem 
$40,•••.1.1
•rain2 
*Ow ,-Ce•••.‘.1,0 
Wouprect V... 
a Cala, 0 Pawl, 
(fee toga./ I moor 
MC Vamp. to heir* 
WOW 
, 
Na 
rt, •• taw 
COWAnA/1014: 
PS/ c• 410••• Zion - 
rinaske. a Os Itaxs1 
suer..nanfraena • 
t•fvfle
 want NA.,
•Wierat0 rig flaw0a1 
sacnivol ~Ina nr. 
topic...0 Lean ...." 
NA 
'WSJ MI 
COSPOCala3,4 
/oval Co•••••••• 
.Weep ailltipalerl 
Vaamm -  .......-rAni.ra 
Mayan Li* OAR, . 
lIceaangu. reas.“ 
a4CaaaptVine.aw 
Na.uare 
WA 
TO/INN 
COVIALMCATICPG - 
Anal Cowan 
/Map 
SS Perini 
BYA. &SARIS CollOakm 
/Conroe>, 
tailuzilnIt IN Xla 
anise Polcno104.... 
MM a4SCormoCilaift 
SW. iCOVI•sre 
Oar.* 
WA 
nn 
Nu 
71.743-1111 
COraltaiCATIOYS• 
%tea Pima. laalln• 
Riclitinies a t•Coaia 
%San Paotsaw ea. 
rowan • no ON. 
MOO. ,  Winn PO 
Cammean 
Wawireorl In 
WA 
nn 
u 
7174310.3 
COMMCala3,4 
Nye 
N. 
CarIneoulat
o•••••Swam - 
Of Megan. all Stab 
Va. Para RIO Xs, 
I 
WA 
P..., 
fa 
r033104 
COVOI.NICATIOW., 
Mut Ccenuaena 
/Mao ti Si Itipal..) 
VP. - •Iri nova 
SairraKowrtratka• 
Maakilmertl.a C. 
Arlen Mime". 0 .0 
Na 
d.
nu 
+a 
71743-101 
03VM.a0CATIOW. - ay.
lIceal• Si.-.. 
NOS.. 
d I•Ccata 
V 
an Mote ed 
Yolilaalan fort• Dal/. 
Navy,' f afro n re 
CO••••Yarre 
Pant 
in 
WA 
a 
WSJ 1M 
COVIMOCAT CM 
Nun ccertannat 
Noss.. ... illeal.3 
:Win- •waiwsacl• 
ittornliAlffit 'MUM 
MINIM. Covreeelarra 
taangleTt VII IN in 
Anima Pararsilyna* a 
101Yeal MHO 
EMS% lh,Olell 
N'A 
N. 
0, 
MANN 
031AdIACATOMS • Vega 
Nos 
/NOW, CIO*. 
voNNN•••• (nag 
ANN Naos nu NOS 
wag Non.. p_
* VI 
• 
Na 
no 
na 
1/43-14/4 
COMANNANNS. Slap 
nenM1.0 
sp•w• • Ors 
CO•0141 
gag. Ty. re* 
Urns 
WA 
Mu. 
fa 
EFTA00810951
--- PAGE 19 ---
NA 1M 
ana...04.1011: 
Ante Carr aan 
/Mao ci ais lloparlal 
,... * fl an' 
Cenny•aarifr 
tielcoO•Irt VA MnIC 
WI WI. Onliv• 
P.prally Mali UV 
Seaton tree* ro 
Cupp, 0 =WIC 
Na 
W4 
N... 
.V.
Walt 
rstr..«....tis 
An 4,0.......... 
AeNap aulnionN 
Swim Coraraces 
',mane Lilt MTS. 
to.•••%in 
Ns AM,. I L.• Senn 
.O Con, "So Born 
040* ea". 
U.,
C." ..." . " 7." 
Lan necn Saba.* 
MOM.,
I 
WA 
n ,.. 
Wa 
fa 43-II0 1 
ODYKAOCAT*4 OW. 
n. on SOW,
sribffian 
0.e 
Toira 
ll, 
CotOu 
Br .r 
Na 
AO 
no 
‘" 
MAIM 
COMMOCADOWS Cate 
neAnortisle• Kw 
niorn.M.
, ” MO, . 
4te*I•WOON•0 04. 
WA 
Y. 
nu 
P" 
, S, IW4 
COWOCA/1011: 
Ante CamaCeel 
AaNati ail 110re.) 
Wan.
"t 
on ., s  a e, 
Norm. avlieeprov 
61.1.Cansges. 
14.01.011.ht at 
Wren del V.,140 
negary Os Lb* sea 
INSINr. al Saab 
&that* ran he 
strnee Swan 
WA 
n.,
n' 
P," 
7174110H 
00.6...a TOO 
se NITOrmunde* 
•40•••••.1 14.1p7W4 
IWA.,ACARIS epldildas
T 
Me••••• MIK M 
YWCA WWI rank 
CairrOleen Macrae. 
WO OCI•A ea in AMIC 
107 TAtoll•"••• 
PginCe.WOOMel"ft.to 
AIWA. wt.NA erne.* 
WA 
DIM 
NU 
n. 
7,711.414 
CavidlailCMIOwS. 
&vet [anomaly* 
506.4.• el 0413. 1.) 
N... ((On 
, IMMO:0 
e Paye.le 44.10 ,14 
Led CA Mall. 
car..i.... 
tiara 
115 r. 
San Pesiers 
WA 
VAS 
.0. 
' 
TROOP 
031.40.00CATIORS • Wry 
Int 
fl -Ii. 
Caniteleinefilel , 
a4 T,,..„,....0
1/4 0. 
hert Pin*Patiownei 
Na 
M. 
PM 
" 
Wait 
Cenveralln Anal 
Carawil. 
Mal••••• 
ea licene Sorn 
VW*. 
. 1u...et...WI 
Na 
'',' 
N. 
. 
PRZI **I 
WIG/ 10 •4 An 
inOwpnt Inky. 
Volafakv d Ana 
Ce.04,.• es bean, 
ea
eele 
Camara ter
ti
ty.apaet ti-* re 
Sawa.* nal VW.* 
Ikrylare Oak to*Iel 
4MIX• Cffital AN 
"wage fOtefloil. 
W A 
4,
. 
717.23-1:0 
COVIIILTICATIOMS Mr, 
wor „,,,...c.„ e,,,,, 
Cenv•OuieLmin 
muss 
AZ 54: 
Ors Born 
NA 
IVA 
n ,
Pvs 
EFTA00810952
--- PAGE 20 ---
WOW,. 
RAW fOtOtAtiCV PEP 
COWASICATION8410,1 
• ni4iAiksd On* M. 
nawnereennulealen 
twin+ Iva IV, tan) 
rmota4 
NA 
... 
TVA NW 
COVOIJOCATIOI“ - 
Anen Ccenucsen 
MOW. ail ItionN 
Swin,ACMW. - 
Canisul,n. 
Nshajnyt In ad 
enema PannaprM pm. 
V•Wen 
Na
,t, 
pc. 
WA NW 
COWIJOCATI011: - 
Waco,.
Macron a 
Urnw-Sr. 
Vaisjewst VA Ante. 
Ones* *St an 
Co••••aare 
Vats, 
in Sone. 
I 
NA 
nu 
pc. 
72/401144 
COVOLNICATIOWS • ate 
Aceal• Soimn • Ion g 
WON 
Ann: 
WA 
+.. 
n. 
n.
OnV.01(0•1. 
r0.33 , V,1 
03.000CAMYS wry
worm...Wert 
Canovai, Ssam • 
1146.Inn Ot• US a0 
Vale Vine .."Awria• 
Min Trincmun and We 
Canaan Praia. 
s. Ifl.0 No as DOW 
US YoM2 Cod*/ 
hnw.al al • ‘14 
Cb.ta O.N. Wig CAWS 
Canoleil. Pals 
NA 
.4u 
pc, 
pc, 
NA 41) 
03.00CAMWS 
Maul Calrwetem 
AaNa(isl P.0.1.3 
Ss...-..410.0I 
Alttel Canaan 
5000••••••00.1,1 
—C---. 
lAnajonwt VA V./ WA 
f wasre Pk VAN 
,..."<^ ei  5".".. 
h.m30w. frame 
N'A 
bi.. 
,t, 
Pt,
WAS, 
COWA0‘411011$ - 
an  ../T on .....a.. 
50......11pAN 
6Y....i5CARIS. 
Ca•P•enare 
Vawaanitt* 
Pstg.. 
WA 
bi.. 
NA *Is 
cateil.N.C.M0i0 • 
Of LCMArslem • Camp 
• anal COIP.40010•1 
Nonni .0.001,11 
Rislr*.rne Pane 
i 
I 
WA 
bi.. 
,t, 
WYMAN 
COVW.O.00AMWS• R/0 
Plebe Nye:avid 
QOM. rat *Teel ad 
rnitivonn ItleCwill 
Pea 
NA 
an 
NA Ito 
COVNLTICATIOIW • owl 
run...-. sown • any. 
Umtata I nathr ern 
o 
WA 
Na 
11033 *SW 
ers....
COMAICA110112 • 
lanai COIP.0.14•41 
500,....010.rry 
61....ii•CO, S. leldges 
• em,,,t, ARK We 
Aereaaa 
Na 
Tatar. rust Noma 
Umtata,. 
timerennna 
kW. MIK ):10 
Mr ve.drecivr•reen 
N 4VA:ran II to hal 
Vori 11p I'aaw0A101 
Tmon• NI.an•fliC 
1.52 Of Oa iat Was 2. 
C.04 Tomas 
WatlItW 
COWIICAT3/4. Von 
No.* *Owl • 'WS,. 
• COPP 1/00.A0teS• 
Il mNOlrHnafat0
WA 
EFTA00810953
--- PAGE 21 ---
IVA led 
00101.011CATIOW$ - ... 
tiqa•cr Mil 
Canova.. Porn - 
••••blon cl, a Snani if 
Tons swirl Nt Ann.• 
Corn. v.pf *V", 
r.r...... 
WA 
nu 
w• 
?MA lea 
00101.011CATIOle. - t11. 
i'.....• 
%Ow, • CNN. 
CcerciStarnattatat 
Linn 
WA 
+.. 
n.. 
no 
no 
71743-027 
COMI41.011CA110112 - ..,0" 
K2,  inlaray 
OnoweNtineyAro 
WA 
- 
%Wm. ta CY wenn 
~M0 
tiainin 
AM 
...010M10.1.05.16 
w Ms >two, 
NW 
fax. Pais -I fa -I 
In NM 
Mee 
?WI...
,  4 0 . 44, ird 
bisflalm 
70.2110i 
024OLNICA11041• Wry 
.44/1nnaw ,
Cartnealat Ssar. • 
04, 3 T invent fl
 limb 
ring Prato Palling 
NA 
pvs 
MUNN' 
00101.NICATIOWS • 
Mune...v.4m 
Mega ... ..
1,1•0W0 
on 
,,, 
g 
... 
. el 
m i
; ',e.t.a 
,,. 
IA 004 ....... 
Can • ne."An
Vn
" 
In 
o 
i 
W A 
no 
no 
MANN 
03.00C..T0,0 
Alain Camecaena 
new N w Wonn1 
SwientACAllk - aneolon 
s Now* CA Saw 
rgeutdr•O an YOar 
EV !NW oloW W 
WWWww 
o 
N'A 
no 
no 
no 
71Witn 
COWACONn. 
lananCon.eark 
Nonni in Rip7W•J 
61mcnoCARC WC 
)34 AOACotarialen 
yawns Lilt.X.M 
WA 
11% 
, 
, 
71WINJ 
&StotabOWI 
5— Crone. OM 
WwWOCCon • 
tolooks of two Ws 
Wwwow WNW) 
Wsw 
i 
WA 
no 
no 
no 
MOMS 
00WWWOMS • cop. 
...,:
rtin  , a s,. 
any nun. icst0an 
To Ta Sat. 
moat 
C064 Moat a) Linn* 
WO °Wen In 
Na 
.1. 
ma 
wa 
MANN 
covNACWONS • N. 
hoonownli 
ConwoW Wen , 
Wean 
Wire 
1,.,k ...v.'s's_ /novo 
Coq*. atIC0,13 
!mast 
Na 
.1u 
nu 
w• 
roams 
COvuLACANWS•Nry 
100 4 .cocc 
Law& 
an Warn • 
WIAliknerAIOnle 
tat 
7,‘.  W.,  PAIL'. 
At fn Capt*Vn Mt 
--. 
T., ..... 
WA 
.1. 
PA, 
NO1W 
03140.00C.01014 • WI 
Ca0/1,00400 V•0 0 • 
raw 
tcakin NW 
NA 
no 
no 
no 
PRAM) 
CONWCWOnt 
Win CwwW.• 
Wow 
ANWNINI 
:W..
- 1..•
 In:.
Camay. 
Viaboriti 
IlliAlthe 7•42sila 
Pg1api Cob. ("4•Ing 
Anno Wows CW. 
Oa La WC NJ WM' 
MO Fs 
Avgairret 
,M1•0401.1inpaty 
Unita. 
I 
N'A 
no 
no 
no 
EFTA00810954
--- PAGE 22 ---
rAPAISI. 
03W.0.011CA/10.12 • Olin 
irielsrolgolin • .} 
Oein
a IrS b DA 
WA 
WA 
nu 
v.
CeerceiThignatbr
WOW), 
031ALIAICATIOWS • 
Anal Canaan 
AdOwn.d.ORCAXInli 
Wan (KARR, .001•10n 
.C4•••••cakl• 
••••01../t LI* 011aat 
Na 
WA 
WA 
WA 
?Paw. 
71,2) via 
OCAKOOCA/r3w. FY1 
r.* 
OF•01. 
n e o n
 sp. 
• O 
To rr.* 
sworn 
WA 
WA 
WA 
n.
41/44 
717 MAIO 
03WS.AICA11011: - 
Alien Cceerucacra 
Are•aei.111.4.•13 
Amen - ..)..nlwi WIC 
PSI WS tA V.04014n O. 
Ca••••NINPV 
i.AulaWil 
AvAspagewe 
WA 
WA 
, 
, 
:17.21140 
OWWWCAASAA Ww 
AA byway 
Laynmel•in %Yen , 
Promar i 0 Ad ImAMP 
/AMC WO TInkiterse. 
_..A. hipacy OS 
1.4,4014.2Coall. as 
Rung MRS, r•wql 
I 
WA 
WA 
nu 
WA 
rosissm 
figLOCATIOn Vot 
*.finattit00#1 
Ca••••%., Ws. 
reuretneg 0-11.12 
owed Sne 
Na 
MS 
no 
W. 
rosin's* 
COWANICA/1011$ - 
An.1,0. 6'....dirs 
Ne. am .way 
6Y4A. :WAOA 
ca.....sr. 
VII•Orsore Lit Aftin 
reit" 
Mn.. 011, 3 
Lawn ea la • Sswer, 
I 
Na 
.N. 
WA 
W. 
?noisy 
ar:IYA. 144 Pip 
r..,,,rwconnssto 
W.I.. wrivpq, 
ca....,..... Srin, In 
Na 
.h. 
nu 
q.
siro•Ho, ........ 
mama 
ft :ZZ
'fq .s 
ns t ca.....ers 
Nora v.. .1 Penn,
6Y4A.i ACM*. :WAIN 
CaThragn 
Vsuons Lit Alson 
iwiceale hbAl• .1 
.AINC no of Pe• Ur 
1, 00 W.Or 1' Cat* 
r.......1 ,01•••• 
Na 
At 
N; 
v.
I 
IIMP ISW 
00.000CA110,4 
Anen Ccenucast 
Ace•argailltipatil 
Anin,ACAAR - **abler. 
S Mem.' MALTA 
tr.4t3/4 A0AiWne. 
Ca....,..i.w. VowyWorel 
Ov 
I
Na 
WI 
IVA 
4,33 MS 
COWLAICATIOMS • 
Anal Ccenuass 
...Na p ay Mowilal 
Swim - Coranclen 
tomenenlY 
Antart 
WA 
n, 
A. 
TRAM 
00.000CAMWS 
tonal Conooda 
News.. ird ROAN' 
1_0* - RosSason a 
ta n. Cerrartakes 
Awann u• A a 
twir•PoicesitgMAY. 
xinlowne 
Coinrnellin V. iurowl 
Whed Inv., 
tAlia• 
I 
Na 
v • 
A. 
IVO *M. 
0),SAAMCAT 0,4 VON 
.44“....wer 
Cov•oralin Byrn 
r.imat.erdssn 
we. satire 
WA 
..... 
MI 
IVA 
EFTA00810955
--- PAGE 23 ---
Wm 49): 
C0101.011CATIOW., 
Alval Camaan 
ACO. I Nil 
Acorn%) 
6Woo Wean. a 
Ouna Convonn 
unnoewneo 
On, spowni•O 4 0* 
Al t PsOmit team 
Caraula 
**cow' 
wit on 
o 
WA 
.6% 
NU 
ova 
717431 :41 
t
itre
.
An .an c,,,,..4,,,, 
Nonni in Pap.wv 
Won *Cohn sown 
S Wm.* MilIC MI 
tang a IA0.141.004.. 
Caraula 
twuann u• -.a 
anon Ponver 4 rt. 
WA 
nu 
nu 
pos 
7) 
INS 
fm....”Cow
03.00 0 C4110 ,0 
*P 
rt rictlrfr 
Syl. - •fini IS 0•• 
Laced M Anie., 
Anent. 
WA 
AO 
nu 
71703-100 
covouncamws 
idea. Can nark. 
SWantIATC0/1• 
amble. d Cadoal can 
P. 10C•gandaw. 
CamiluilaroGres•CO 
tow WOW/ Won 
a 
WA 
X% 
nu 
71743-10.2 
COW•AAWPW 
Onto On Ca Ann 
borosown mass 
co no awn wan 
o 
WA 
AIM 
nu 
IVA 
717.23-15.3 
WI 
Cna" 
OF•0%. 
nerfrOO
Pathan 1' % 
SInn • 
n a•
••••• 
W A 
nu 
nu 
w 
717431044 
0:0IMUMCATICHS • .10 
nano.* canna* 
0W.,
 Awe,/^f
rownwinDol*P 
NO.ONEConwalik. 
WA 
AO 
nu 
IVA 
TPA INS 
COMASICATIOVS 
Anvil CavoMedirs 
Nowt' 
0-1 ROAN,
hanuocoAA Anon, 
S AMC 7240 AGM.. 
aternerataa 
WA 
nu 
nu 
nu 
NA .M. 
CO talaliCATIOltS • len 
ii0 finater 
Camara 
Spoln. 
MUM., d ........ 
*Phonon' 
Canonahn /Wen* 
honsonons 
WA 
*SS 
nu 
%a 
WO Mt 
airaoliCATENS • Very 
.40. resamer 
ar•Sn 
Corea. 
Loa • 
MIC Ca••••alin 
y,...,,,, 
row. 
Use. PeiltA104.00•0 
ins cow mos N.M. 
Tali Lars C 
Na 
Y. 
nu 
%a 
TS7.23-1&" 
COMANICATINS 
ArmanCe•Prorolle• 
now*, **Pony 
byst..i Ka* 
weldildas 
S Menne NOOK na 
Um, hakCermailadikes 
teacars Ira Nnorail 
AMC OP Two •Arplito• 
PriOrdit0AXV• NV 
Napa Vil Ciro." OM 
lirowi0P1tht•0000.0. 
WO haTilr Oak* 
fitotlivaNgs, 
WA 
VA 
nu 
nu 
EFTA00810956
--- PAGE 24 ---
rWil WW 
00WWWCAT IOW 
sowiteawwWwe 
Mayan. NRealra 
Sow AGAR • WAWA 
w w ww an 
Wwwwithitialito 
Po IceSts WM,. Mat 
l%) WIC Des L. nOti 
VoitiCipadonewn 
IN W4 Inc. Crlal 
NO/ WWWWWW 
WA 
,W. 
nu 
WA 
COW WIZ 
C OW IA 4 WA i 04 . 
two *WOW. We, 
WWWWW. Caw NOW 
Raw 
WA 
.0• 
Nu 
COW .MI 
00.410A1CATOW • Hill 
FwwwWWII 
00wWWWn 00w0 , 
VOWsksel Swot W 
'heft...NIan 14 earn 
0040. lb Eel et 
-an 
WA 
.h. 
Nu 
:WE iti 
00440WICATiOWS 
twee Cowin Cow 
*own .8.00}I
i 
lwablondPw
CWit 
irtiPOOnsokeve 
CavvewSwi Cow OM 
Pawn:AVOW Swum 
WA 
rt.":111W) 
COWSAWATIOW - 
swat CwwwwwWw. 
NOrini WI 0WWW 
6W00 AWWW•W 0 
SW, ConVICWW• 
WwwWWWW0 
MAW Pinn3/4 1114.10 
all.•••••• 
CawwwWwWwwww. 
tit ard AitinawwW0 
1.00.Wwl Owes 
I:flaw 
. ow.1 WOO 
OOP/ an* iftxrat• &SIP 
tall 4,0
, F skin 
Miew•WwwWw row 
W 
Na 
WNW lea 
COVWWO010,0 
WV. 
WWWw Wan • 0•000
WWWWWwWwwiern 
4020
Na 
MA 
711,204P2 
COWAMICATIOVS 
AnNel OwwwWw0 
May p.4 Picalni 
ym(hCARSD • Wan
a MAD/ Carwiceani 
Viwwwwri Ink AnWo 
PonOtablax•*. at 
Mai Da la nOti 
WW2 COAMI Wen. 
atlin.4 0 nog CrIO 
WOW WM 
WA 
WA. 
n.. 
n* 
Wel WO 
COMMOICATENS•Wor 
NW finny 
OfwWWWwWww0 
',WS n e I AMC MO 
NW PAN LW KW 2 
Cwela !aware; al 
Rata 
twat 
NA 
Mu 
N0 
W. 
7W23-1200 
03140.00CAWOMS • Wita 
Am.* hewb*C000. 
o 
WA 
0A 
nu 
n. 
va• 1400W • • 0 Ca*. 
Pis 
71/42AWA 
031.0.00CATIONS • OW 
Car•Weas Sows • 
N4 I ow0VWS Mows 
04000•00 
2X1>$401 OE 
AD Palliti• 
1101•08 
WA 
NU
Al OW • •13t3 
RI CW • 42100 
SOW 
111111WW .0 WWI-12W 
v,
 -Wt., 6 nt4 sew,. 
I. ita,‘,0 GI 
kW 
W44 WM 
Ma AM POMBA 
Pawn Coln Wan • 
WW0 Salo 5.60 
OWnWhinalwW 04 
WWWW. 
I 
WA OW .4011 M. Iwo Lilt 
Atue.I 
w.wv v... tr-ww 
IW 
Wain, 
rotanonionros 
Mal 
mini. 
IP010,0 
0WHOI 
144140 
tarkaW 
.024 
WA OW - WWI 
Ass 
NOW MOW. 
WWII/24RO 
7174441.12 
OWCWICAL roam • DC 
GIMMICK 
WA OW • LiC9i 
36WWW1 
000.0wWwWWwwalaws 
WA 
EFTA00810957
--- PAGE 25 ---
72/44.034 
PiC/Fitti. itrilIn - 
Surat Itm. San- 
nrk Iasi • Miles 
as 
NA ... 44,Ch*” 
*NUM 
Wit 60.94.404•44.4444I• 
OACS.COSNOOK 
44.wiene44, 
72/44.IIIS 
acne runt- Ann 
WA ea asps... 
SLOJIII 
Writ Ill.Stataa • Coracle. 
ArTroinforn1(0,01414no1k rsilmoil. 
i
4,4, -"Oust 
14.14 tend IATC, Sim. 
M.. Seet•Cliaste 
Swat, lbw Swim 
PRZ4II41 
AMC lit, Nl** 
• 
hist*. 
nr Vasil 
Dilielarnes 0anCrcul 
Mem Re. W KUM 
I 
Na 
*SS 
MI 
.V. 
PRZ4II4) 
MODICA.. KINDY r 
()Whirl...I NSA*. • 
,41.04R^dt•b4/
ibleIwatIlM ,4410nlyll 
Carlo Re. W KUM 
a0),C CO 
0/ 
'04" 4"6,
P.034
T 
P4.14•04.14,404.1m44,4”4 
ponyroltlqieTWIsonol 
aWII01047 Ode VCI, /t 
ItIMMI09.1RAWA.4 
Mosta Crestubma44•444.. 
Penal inlaheRclaciAroinol 
M.% el.l.lheiplfSCROOt 
Iteplownt 
72,44,140 
ILECIRCAO. IONIA • 
Om
an.aufft 
to Clawed 
Lavaca.* n I•Manahml 
s 
A 
SI • (WSW If 
pi MIS> 
I. EH 
.1•404•3711, 
1.111.8a40 
Tion.M•W•alWetfanter 
Weak 
!sane., 
72/44.IIIII 
gltrliM. 
FORM Fe 
Ont. fres* REV 041•1 
NOM*. V 1'4 Ond 
&Mink. iv Chnro 
‘te. 
1' 4 ' 
COS 
OW • VI2l4 II C4:31 I. 
ZS% 
4.2403-i4. 
L.saiMenta.Mtnit 
WA 
Wall% 
PaCCIRCAL IVIMISI• 
Ara, biro Cardin 
ISPOJI Tteelkateinitnv 
Sitar Atiorerladalm 
T 
,4)0:440.0 
DAM.) 
Isl. 
.W40cos.I. 
"Rano 
PASCIIICIL fOnlil• 
Marti lal Deluca 
reAssno....n. 
Can onn. It Ara.° 
043 
,*( 4•VII" ,
iall•••4a4aalfrui 
1.••••Prift 
noniono4gt 
TP.24 INS 
EtECIRCM. RNIOR 
ants Pow 5y44. 
Rawnallloptsterteed 
'r*.r."1.0, 
 YaY 
ZO:.:00:1 
AO $4{4‘.. 
s op.. 
RI LW . I0,0 , 2 14 flit. 
l 1043 
• In rooreri inn. 
• 
1.11T.4
*SS 
PIOWMOORD 
.0,Int0M0 
TRiM OP 
{Wit 
Oat 
AepaelovIi• 
4.COOMONOK•44 
°nein 
a nom, ins§ 
I 
T 
Oa net 'snow trims 
fl ambe* 
M4 
PIOITIVOURD 
PIO .11 003M0 
71701071 
amnia 
TONG 
Olen Lad DAMS* • 
0.4.san Poems 
Irtabileaelhain• 
ERnoWn Bea 
atom nog at. 
C4ntanirl 
T 
RI Cif • NT'NR nor I. MU 
nor 
i•Ont WORM 
..) an ItIOWili 
mann 
BECTRO... • OION. 
Pose ....ono 
eee• 
I tuneiteodni 
Rater. arnarro/o 
004.04.1114.4t. 
pRitaSs 
T 
RI Tit 1 Jr) • CW 11.01001: 
A NUM 
LEN 
RI. 
.1) ninlooknan0 , Wel 
In 
40.01•100t0 
sous Sta•t0 
Warn. 
=craw. 
rONIA• AC 
OinIasentla , R.R. 
finnt T.0 Rli•TwelV 
AMC Cvnl•Ifn the. 
Cress inn S.A0A 
ZO3 
T 
so cw • TISI3 MST. H PIS 
l Zit
Y. 
”IGDY.RD 
KontOWII0 
72/44.IILI 
ELECIRC41. IONIA 
IraiwkoraCrergall• 
•rdellswil/I.h.
GriallillaS.W., Daley 
Sew 
Ass 
„ 
y„ 
y 
OW10401.20I. 
.4 It01.401. M12 
1014400.41.**434 43 W 
PA WON 
Iten.4neti•Ir %Who. 
MT/C4 
nexa 
It724 MS 
BIOFFFCAL AYALA r 
tis. V".4•41. MIS 
eke - •Im30.4001 
Na 
*SS 
MI
VA 
Willi,. 
tiCCIRCAL KOMI-
Strat,Itiw SWIM - 
Owe. pm Cbasul Raw 
9/4.1tht.)01.0FIngo,
O 
• Meet .n.• rt. to 
‘40 4.4 N. Bag,' ....), 
• US Of•SOYA00. 
WA 
*SS 
MI. 
VA 
EFTA00810958
--- PAGE 26 ---
n.74.100 
°Ea 0C./. WNW AC 
Own• hem - 00•0060i 
to Lan/Pm/ iliccee• 
CAMP 
ty.040! 
00000 
444, 4 
IC 
I 
GROUP] 
suawhetiansm4~ 
0.4.0 ...few. eat 
*onto •••n• ...nil 
itiO 
ran.... 
uro•sts../.0,mg.... as. 
inn...J.... ,
. 
s......,no.00.0. co 0., 
4.4.4.4.4444.4,4-4 
annulus animas. 
i • 3 A 0000.6. moss 
cnr•It...”.:4o 
syr n0II is 0 0.W 
ellosobi.11 
Koa0,141 
100ter .4.04.0 A 
....e an .010P I 
NICOSI• MOMS. 
•OvonlIM 
71.0.24 OH 
BECTIICN. IVO. 
/Aver Row by..... 
000,4 
3.(0 wan 
..fa 
Staff Pc. 
P. 
Ana. Fa VraaTheLula 
•usat.i).0.0m 
Na 
.4.. 
NA 
WS. Ms 
IICCTIIIOV..POIVCR. 
&OW 04.• • 104/10..00 
W•0000:0 eu Wass 
thil021414444440444/Cne 
41441.44.4,1 
?MI WO 
I. 
I 
01.1 16.4.4P.44)141 
:Man 3144 
.44,..m.4.444.444.4.4444 
..... an.. r.• unia v.. 
nen.... 
ift • ne....4 e ...nano.. 
••• vmspose, 0 I 
snot 
3...i ......0 v....we.r. ave.. 
to 
r t•00n b...re. swan.. 
44444r.E.444 r....ereet.nr.4 
4444•4..r..4 a...444w 
.444.4444•44‘ •..tir.... 
444 en art 44.444..... 
...nerd 
4.... .4.4444 Woo ausr• 
00.1.4 COSS N1.404.11.44 
..v.41.0.01144CW4440 
i....tustOt MOM TM 
.4. 
4.4 
/7.32.4 In) 
ILI:C/I004. FOAM • AC 
Lane lbw - Owe. 
rota...41Pa. 
Mewl A .. 2,14,14 
I
Ita 
M. 
Nu 
4024 MII 
BECIRCP. NNW% 
%..t 9. Pow WA.. 
fter. Os Laa 
NA 
.4. 
.4. 
N.4 
701,24.011 
=craws roma • 
%way Nay eflor0. 
046••.00 t1 rag (rat 
Trani 
hey 
gionols 
evt 00 
tm.44.14..... 
;a an a ft
Go
-Eon 
00.0. 
 Con 
74.6 
701.44. 
L M.: 
0..../.0a/e0......0:00 
..h.00m.”00•0.0.0.r.n., 
4..00 07ms
....wo 
w.p.m...ingernos..
.ear e.....c. .....
wv•eloina Arr...0 
e•wenn0 W.-
....nay..., 
.., 
.44.4.40.444.44 444.440.44.44 
....n.,......i 00, 0.• 0.0 
.00.,./......30.•,....d 
- . ... . ... .. . .. 
.0,, 0,0 •0 0 00v a.. 08.0.0 
burl 
0,5 
Fount., 
Nat linawa. uMien witri el 
ROOM*. 
'a.m.:. 
4.415.4.....40.4.44.4. 
m...1.00 KO ORR< h ,t.. 
~0 
Ws.
NN tin 
roam. 
CAuni • CM Ship 
Mange VerOlna 
rutianet 
Na 
us 
N0 
7-005114. 
faCCTOCAL roam. 
ant.p. Steer fops, 
ChWq• t. (Wend Pen 
tomnlo Pone. COW.* 
I 14.00/044.444.41 
.41444. 4411.4804457$1.4•14 
• Us 0 floY) kW,* 
WA 
FA 
us 
vs 
raa 12119 
ae0, 0140.00.d. 
%nit, he. 8.01.0 
%WO Mt.* 
pa* 
WA 
MS 
us 
vs 
7004.000. 
Ott/ 004 Munn • 
Surat Pow Cs.. - 
11.ba H Ort044:. 4107 
ord0, 0••••%•1.4. 
4v It. , ken 04 
00. 
WA 
NA 
Ns 
n. 
71/011MI 
itEcinCf.c. Mum - 
fan, ItikIr1900. - 
Strett (Isles* 0•010. 
WA 
RN 
Ns 
pv0 
EFTA00810959
--- PAGE 27 ---
71,04131.2 
01:C/Rai. r010 
tea, now two 
CiariOn am Loll 
Maio um. D.R. pa 
WA 
I 
M. 
nu 
Wa 
wait." 
ILCCIRCX. FOAM 
010.41cab Nfld., 
V el 0, i .... 0 Ewl.c. a 'Prow 
bog obtain. lo Rol. 
ITe. frOohnuol *Won 
o 
WA 
w 
nu 
ow 
71,04.11.4 
M wa frCA
OOR 
AC 
P
Cw
0,0 
NE 
AR, 
••••• .u•••••••• Rawl 
"Wet.
WA 
I 
%A 
nu 
PV0 
71,04,130 
C:C/I4Ca Malt 
Steat5Itme tan 
OttWAIM Sol WK1FW 
0C•om 
. 
Na 
MA 
Nu 
nt. 
7174MvIls. 
ELECIACM.H70 
Steathsw too 
mot, 0....... oRowo 
WA 
SIM 
nu 
wa 
715,344$111 
tiscuics. Roam 
905 Poo tow 
Na 
SIM 
nu 
wa 
Ma 10 
In
tr.! re. V IS 
on.a.en.,.. 
0.04... a s entn.., 
Dan on Wer aW,.. IS 
Mplbeltenwal 
020 .
WA 
.1. 
/M5 
M. 
Ma 0 
PASCIACAL PONCA 
twat, hes 8”4.1 
Na 
.1x 
nu 
ow 
Wt. qv. 
0ECMCM. ONIA DC 
Clor0Onlon 
ructono A It MOO, 
Den al Claw M1.43 
MObe Dowry led 
Os . 
Na 
.1. 
MI 
us. 
75.74/A1141 
1113CMCAL roam. 
Gomel .1.50mtobi Pee, 
(NOW DIOAnt on/ 
"""
Mw" .....
21:00.0 0 
013.0 
 N. 
T
Ro 
10CW • AIM. X.0 I: 
1505 
01.3004,04.111w 
515.0 
oat
,  P4 Woe taw 
VA 
WSW.* 
0.1:WACAL roma. 
Gwen Canso Prtocl0 
•• aorta ceonn a 
toh/OWThentil 
I 
2345492,1 
•4001. 
2002 WO 
A 
R 
It OW •240304 
H 7102.401. 0 
,..' C`e Mc. ,t,,
wan 
lyri •ree*Onitoree 
,oAaor•• 
nonotnet 
1052050 
ILEC/PCsi. ASeoln, AC 
ire. 
I us Dana. • 
'wawa...rem. 
D.O.,‘"? 0,t• 
C40,1•0.41•44. 
ICC liM 
T 
CM -40 
...ITS L401 
K. 
.311.14000 
nOin MIND 
Wallin 
(0.01k10 AF0 
SWAIDel.5 newer 
Cmpeno Crawl 
%Oxon din. 
o 
IS 
WA 1.4".""s""..."4"
stet 
MS 
. 
3.Q7A0
',Towson 
71/46-Iltl 
Walt/a 
to.-
,.,
iFLAPOnnt Leeto7 
Cmpamo•Chwo eft 
Owe %Tun .12 Is Rum 
rAtIt 
if tinlitett 
Eosin.- Coins 
Eicor5Welo0b. 
I 
WA On ...wow two, 
, , 
...v. do...a., 
MOON, 
gomoe Me. Cos 
nodal 
Na 
f 
RI -ft...now:swan, 
rope 
8014,03101 
Rio 
n. 
717.231M3 
(0. 1400010.460:4 
reaceSsidn 
3331.1301 
WA 
CM 
A
-5301 
RiOR• KAM R 
OW* L OA 
nu 
WailliktAte 
PO."' 65.1o40 
Walt. 
(0.0140010,46wed 
two. Rua • was 
0. 50 010010. 
Sternel 
/0 'atm. 
wow* WI Na 
ACM - 5301 
M CW .10•54 H 
2.V0 I. $22 
0,20 • 
l0VN. II 400 I. 021 
Mani 
bp SA .1 Me 
BA 
Row 
no 
0.0211.0 
0VINMMD 
11/WaSearel. ticti 
Cowries • Poona. 
• Sp. ikieSrma. 
T 
OW . 4200 .4 HO /- CIS 
YW010a0 
ton 
pv. 
Want 
ccuowortetsrownRs 
Gwen...K*4 
114401,1,0 Sabi 
TIM 
i 
b300.01.• 
IWO002.112 
Ton.non 
XI./ms. 
71731101 
Csma•Stio•Rotio 
0,,,,,
se, 
215 
',boon O. Conn.. 
InkrIlt 4.ao SA Ann 
eatocoinome 
boon0A40.0141.. 
Pe• boososna keen 
4040:4031,101 
monsaM 
EFTA00810960
--- PAGE 28 ---
717.23-0.11 
LaalPiToLlimand 
L....p. Sm. • CLINT 
Daraill.Sie rat. 
va..Ildasti 
I 
NM LW 
=4
, 00 
as 
Ad 0:01.24 CT 
Itep•Uti. is 
$.43. 
T 
in CS - wilt 
14. aSSIT L. 
1721 
K. 
"gill MUM, 
rinitiS01.140 
Wain) 
COAIWIPITAWAVD4ING: 
lasikni••••1 Matra 
003A 0.0 Li toKiddL0
Woo* LULL admix 
00•009 LL0 On) OLOW* 
% 
T 
La, Ono/ Tin 
11141M.211 
lam •tht Dsi 4maien 
rose. 
NrenTs.A. 
71702,1160 
irtilraileed Ilan 
Cavol.wgienienn 
Cap Cingoinic Not 
Pa 10.1•400tenes Voye 
L. 
T 
L.1003000 TILT 
102.4032.1.01 
L.. 
Oa Did my unto... 
NM ow*. 
717.30.1614 
ti0.0.14000.0449LKs 
Powwow Can Ostuiro 
niCerTLienins Bast 
Tom *maws ILL 
COPinvo(now>0 
Law...0n 
233•LTO> 
LW 
0a0,24.0:0(70.• LLIP 
La....•••• 
Ha40,40., 
iteir.AX 
iciLLLOL 
kV 
lI0M
r..., mom. 
7274COMS 
=rant 
ALLO 
fil1•46~.O P.N.,' 
Caspal.•• I 24•V.•00. 
On. 00...*.s. 0.T• 
IMOVV•^Y,  n.  Thr 
Pw...•.....•“•
43. 
2,O4:O:t 
IS 
WA 
Pia aLL 0 L pa.. 
CO %van 
uunual IT.L.L.,-0:-.:u. 
nu NMI 
Hamei.i La 
33,,iit . PH ActeninPurowsn. 
awn. 
ILLTaietweLL 
717.30.11.1 
LO.ILIWOLILTI5LeILL5 
• 0. 0.03..CLet. onsoe• 
ed Congest ..vu 
Orahef MAIO. Sin 
rinser eat 
I 
WA 4 "'""
°"t
"”
tal.
<oreageftn 
so 
Mu 
‘ u
14,26 IWO 
0001•Lirrni0 
fuLTILLINGS tistame 
Camptroin . inn 
arseiginriet • A IC.1.1 
ar••••••••bm.on 
WA 
.4. 
mu 
." 
71745-1061 
L0.0LiaLii1SLILTOSTOS 
AOT•akOnIsq Urn 
Ciati S MIAS Vita. 
Owe. Qom N Law 
I 
ItS 
T 
ProLacooln• 
MA 
!OM OWN. 
rt31.11•104.4 0 
717.30040 
gni., 
I uf•46n40. (Nu 
CoolL00•1  Cup Ken 
looliMko O.. 
1.5 
LOLLLTML.• PL} at To Ivo 
ktk. ALM) 
ionaLL.Li Iva* .011at 
LA ..0.34 
Una 9.T. 4 4/1 N.C. 
1505 Labarrei 
r.LiteeveLL 
TRIVIMI 
t0.01.1€1.10V44~8 
P.e.a.w Con:anti • 
ilusft.n.lon An 
04. ,P..........ft
.
Ss
w rue. 1..nuion a ON 
ins GAG sew 
NA 
nu 
nu 
VA 
Tins-H44 
LO.0040.1 SuLrOnL3S 
0•340•T•Cit. Palen 
insCaripmen • 000T• 
VoTTL•000....tafi 
st....0"..Tableima 
Tole C.04.213. 04. 
tat... 
te 'wail Nil 
OR Log Ins 0 VI 
Tornnein On 
WA 
nu 
nu 
n. 
MISS. 
tgayaISTonifflo
Asti 
&gnat &man Ns 
MWe1MmP Ciro 
I 
LA/ 
Yfr ,.. 
T 
Lb cx.T.0 Lae fiLts.Le•se) 
• Vopeoetw. 
,....r.sonuTLaril• 
Lams.. 
Want, 
(010140.1 OLILIN 9-0%0 
•Wart.U.1.1•40Ammt 
Pans, ken Op 
Mrs hang Pont. 
tgiDar AIM. Sta. 
AO*/ Aftetly..) 
ft ites• tins 
Merv/ 
NA 
nu 
' ` 
Wallin 
LOJ0040,10LOTOML3S 
• OeSensa Cidt. limp, 
of OWL On* 
*moo trwetecyta 
On
. Ho
pa 
WA 
n.,
mu 
n. 
Wallin 
LO.0040.100,46r4V3S 
Amino Clitu, 0•00,4 
ANC0Marivia) 11110 
11.1001S1••••ITOr0 
DT now Let .....1 as 
IA 7441W
 Nets] 
Rae. in 
WA 
n • 
Wk
WS. len 
DaA•WINt.
TLIC•41.046 • M. LS 
Zio Pt., Om • 
allatillaa) 
WA 
n.,
nu 
. 
EFTA00810961
--- PAGE 29 ---
?Pa an 
tossisessens 
• PatesQUSet • Mow To 
Pet•reertele, 0•••• 
WA 
MS 
NU 
Nu 
Na 
WY 
MO; 
rOMNW3 Nosy 
S&Ls& eSsig 
1.111tA 9Y W P.
&wisp Saw ft
WA 
MS 
NU 
Nu 
&MS-IS 
wormon 
WIS. 
CaboLse sifts 
•ftro Swg au Ass 
SSW, Cww at 
Ara. sha 
WA 
K,. 
Nu 
Nu 
MIS IS 
fulanseed.- lasso 
Cs 
Soain 
w aw 
Sw 
awns 
ar 
isanl1.0.14.04 Oftr 
go_ 
itiOnoth 
o 
Na 
K. 
Ku 
'v. 
nta WY 
Da.1•1406/WilligfUreq4S 
key 9.11•1:0. ..8 
C.O
. tie
 Sway 
WA 
s 
Nu 
Nu 
SWIM 
(0.&14..10044(SOS 
sags 
SYLfta 
SS& 
• SOS• 
Yaws roe TOO& as 
Saga Sas it 
WA 
nn 
g. 
Ira 
an
Ivennargc.:- large 
Caps& Csaing 
msg. a Sama& 
0..ed inuJe e 
r. 
Pass 
an‘ etre}, 
MS Left. &no 
Na
Nu 
NA 
WYSS WI 
E-001 40.1 .•
NONYINCIS USW 
SW Lis& A Wyk& 
uwayAllswilta 
a 
son ft s 
i 3. 
ft) 0", 
n". 
../103•M,
, v.. - s..*.r... 
.......n. 
&Pa na 
EGSVOMCWWWW08 
• Ongs•Caft POWs 
sCestwl*• 
Sft. 
yWs 
SOS 
Usy Nu.trftwign 
An Gas ei lft 
Sys 
anksiggft 
WA 
nu 
Nu 
Nu 
WYSS TM 
(0.0.400t 
nstrOftwa • OWNS,
Cat. resift s) 
Cass& 
• Vgnien• 
Efts nit SYCSIS 
WA 
nu 
Nu 
Nu 
"Pa SI 
runglsegGS - rasa 
Sisal 
ci &as 
Avow. 
WA 
KA 
K• . 
'vs 
IVW WI 
COMUnT01411.0 - 
Ginn. CO. Lags 
Ars min. 
ea Care 
Isis 
WA 
nu 
K, 
A+. 
waft
,
SWIM 
SUSELAS E0owdEnr .. 
ftlegairrai - SUMP.. 
Saws 
Cessna • 
Ss 
Palatt• 
Say Cis 
Or 
*11•••••• 0.e Os 
Oritrakn 
a 
WA 
Kw 
no 
Na 
?Panel 
1:0AnatetaWantS 
• &wand SOS. na 
0alISAIS SAS 
WA 
WA 
KU 
KW 
nft. IS& 
COMinfliSISINGS 
• ft snrCift 
lay 
inforrs , 'warn 
el 
Ns, 
an int AY' hp 
trek. 6•Ain PM .w 
is SYS Sets 
Das Wass 
Na 
NU 
NA 
IMISIAll 
Eseretsfty 
• 
Os 
E 
bass 
(NOM* IN 
. 
Poral•UtOWSIO1 
WA 
NM 
UN 
NA
M• 
EFTA00810962
--- PAGE 30 ---
MI 
bielairreLliriner.e$ 
• Onst tati. [nowt, 
tio
n • A.1•01:40 
Train 
Swipe. 
— 
twit'. 0.02. 
"."‘"^ 
WA 
nu 
',.. 
n .
R,,,Z1 
roam) 
11).1311144...w....). 
cawron. rep/ 
S.v....... • no, 
.> 
Virsi.0 .2. ,0r..." 
14*.2244..0ino 
On • ink 
Na 
nu 
nu 
WA 
4":".0.4 
(0.0140aStan.tsan 
...mo•Sai
, Aoons. 
TN Statinl V147, 
NOS 
pow_ Sob 
WA 
.4. 
.46% 
v
••••••SOOVen 
117.2S-IAS 
[OMSK, t 
FufrOnwS, tar 
0.~Sowis 
Se. , 
el Cop C.d.**. 
*sows, *Iwo* 
Orenvois.tiloftis 
NA 
VOA 
nu 
n.
woes 
roam. 
COMODITSLI.45.4NGS 
..s.e.s.Cory....... ,
boa. , Al Erin...tint 
wow's Os.. ocie 
(+lib.. , tot sof.. 
Son x• nu. 
Oriel 
taxa Fatal. 
I 
WA 
, 
N. 
N. 
WIWI) 
taanatirreLessonces 
bra•Vre , NON/gm 
toworuni rim ea l.nr 
Vat row *War 
o 
WA 
VA 
Nu 
pc• 
71024 In. 
COAMOliga4SearaS 
; Cti." 4.6^ "'" 
lyn'O'nn' C•nevna," 
1Pa Age Etreten 
Na 
,o 
.v.. 
, 
mama 
(0.0140.7.~evet 
• Pal km Owe. Oat 
Onerous.. 
C...• 
Armor.. 
WA 
w. 
nu 
, 
717.2.17,2 
OICVG0i - ft:MS.10M 
SW. - Ina* Med 
Joan 
I 
Na 
. 
nu 
nu 
Wain) 
110.119•19S • MN 
Cagan 
"MI. 
lentarsti.ey 'WOW* 
VOWS. 
I 
0.%01 
t.t...n went on.. ... , 
n:....,. 
bun 
.n.........n.t.,.
. 
nt.en tend° W., .. 
. 4.... 4,1••••• 
1, - 
...nnerawm.tax.- 
neerxed.vaeret- - 
:ma 
6401•4•••no. 
‘.`,•••••• 
tea •mnoo 
wain. 
EOMOITS0.46•••91, 
itie...).Corlosnr. 
ce.....,, Own. Inn 
tiO noweeteamtailat 
as le Palle 
WA 
was 
.451
wa 
wain. 
fraiixtoronest 
• con coonwo. ,
Non Conona os, 
UM 64.4. 4. 0.
,.• 
irsano40/4.wel 
WA 
hM 
n.44
pcs 
MEM, 
IXIAMSIO MO 
FUMISHIVOS • flaw... 
CeinnvorCniss 
Panora Still 
NA 
nn
nu 
, 
Wain. 
'V ains 
(0.041 100 0 LI9494.43 
• Own*. trealiec, 
Win." 
- num . Kg 
• 
• Peery. Cover.
,
Co...... 
0.yona 
:V 4.•p 
[crew*. 
. MP/ay 
o 
I 
WA 
w
KO 
p0a 
Na 
MI 
• 
12,48.029 
WV= i ~Nit 
• F•011Cen~1 
Bonens0......9.at 
fiAtOse !nen. 
WA 
rs 
EFTA00810963
--- PAGE 31 ---
nnoint 
taAnitin.Asseand 
• Dienata (norm 
co/own oaten,. 
iCaw.ri Crogsse 
ss a
o 
N'A 
nv. 
.0 
A. 
Manta 
CCIAMPII,LII.4fna 
• Snow Cite Isms 
asCesanorst 
rrn••
pane. el 
CesiOnrOnSval Sass• 
Ons.AS *A Lars. 
Na 
.0 
A. 
MASON 
(00.14(ArstOrtbiss3S 
Sesess•CSUAM 
inSISHIA Gals Sea. 
041.1.• STS Oland 
ANISMOI 
Na 
... 
.0 
As 
wane. 
isislasS:S • Cep 
Calpay el , MCII") 
Oasts.0 Posno 
OrpolOAre. No 
...0.18h0an &Farm%) 
(Wiwi faits 
lessess vast 
vas, assns. 
Na 
N. 
Wk 
SOS INS 
CaAnNIMINsraisrea. 
• Paussaits Pas. 
insCesamorst• 
isliAss el Oss 
N0vIrsOornsd Assn 
Nnis.r.0 
Vora. 
Na 
A, 
A. 
As 
MOWN 
saw
 Past 
SsArnes • Ostss 
Na 
Ku 
nu 
.v. 
Mann 
ewes. 
.00).8.0 
• ... 
as. to PR. 
Us raw, 
N'A 
AO 
Ku 
pvs 
wain. 
OvislasesS - 
WINIrts a Wow 01 
tenNi.A.se hrsms 
Na 
K. 
Nu 
pv• 
FROWN 
rufslasiGA ns ewsy 
al 
Cts Na n a 
Cap•nnt- PalatiAn 
0.0.4 800 es 
Pins, 
Na 
K. 
Nu 
wa 
SOS IM 
LOSA40,10vAst.0.0 
• Cons Ost., asos 
fr. vows a Ns 
e.t.a 500. 
Cowmen w
.
Na 
K. 
Nu 
n•
Cats 
mains 
sm. Srea ...Ns 
ccaorn,,,,, 
• 
news. Awes:0 
o 
Na 
MA 
N. 
WA 
moos in; 
iewrAm,.... 
........t..int 
Ecws. ...W. 
Tu
60ntra.
1•AA tars 
- 
NA 
I 
.k. 
ma 
P0 
71741113. 
(0,140,0v400435 
• Pausso'Corpersr, 
Nana 
- Ow0...• 
W3Litecntonen 07 
La AlLaave Omit 
CO/tintn 0 .01,01 
Oa w. Ass nine. 
b Om sq Owes 1.,
Ca.. 
Na 
I 
I 
no 
WA 
MASON 
MOUNT,
11,106.00S taws. 
coos,a
, rem, 
, 
N'A 
%A 
, 
, 
Walls 
EOAHNPOSNSlire,08 
Span Canon,
GM.... 
n a 
ine.ent.,
‘”,0 44. 
Colas. TO .164 Sell 
Tos Cats Cossnes ens 
'saws win Osta 
o 
NA 
.0 
A. 
EFTA00810964
--- PAGE 32 ---
Walt.: 
oviniaeWS - Pane 
wn 
sa -Gro
...,..a ciat y min
OILN•l" cern. 024.0.21.• 
422•••••• 
N'A 
A9 
A. 
727.2100 
t0.•••••K10.1,49-P•CS 
• 42.44 - Font•Oce• •0 
24106..104,2u, Nam Is 
Ca kr, GIN II*22assay 
NA 
4. 
to 
pys 
72/31.1172 
FS.11•0,1,040.4•1.s. 
ReSC42404,140 
1.22•29221..X0.2 
he4I ktine nein.. 
NA ON • WNW 
lawn) 
a...... 
pys 
7-040.030 
tCLONArreLsomaiNNS 
• ar mad Qat 
O 
/OS* lelerrt. 
I 
10214.1••• 
Na Ai CA - L003. N OW l 
9N 
Nx 
nein OWN. 
2222/1144‘122 0 
TWOANN 
furrallora -MAINS 
Ei. Ain MeswAyNAI 
LASConowaLA 
onIkknrosenocI2e2 
990 OMAN INA 
0ANAN CA. 
WA 
2, 4. off :tat 
w 
‘. 
pva 
3741.11/2 
00•406990' 001 
OTIMONI•C4211/.1014 
FriSole% NNW Nell 
1.100.00,242.414nth 
Iliftiot TO20.4 Doak 
I 
Pee+ 
i 
0. S. .1)42•03 
.1 IPA 4i t /In 
wAnws9,....... 
99-9An NNA.9 
..,•••••2,•••••••••••••,.." 
t.c.co oir 
2,2••••••••...... a •••• 
2,...4..t....rn2•2...,2 
••••••2,•••••••anwr • ••• 
2•••72 tar. 
a.u2 tn..... : . 
••••••••"..••••••••• 
uwegt• 
,.••••• m••••••• ...nail* 
u...4.,........,2•22. 
i2,22,7<en.ri•e•Pluoraw 
:22.2.ov.27.22tIm•airo 
/r. awe/ lm 
7... 
kaa 
734.........•• 
(t....k p.n..... save. 
P A 0.141MNK.A.•••r9.1. 
tn. IKV06:1•FLit COO 
71,464019 
WE PAO/COMA FN 
EAN.ANN. OA We 
banw•ww Newel.
MA NEyeas N* 
0•Anale 09090•9. 
09,910 A no Atm. 
'ti 
womb 
Au - reopen. W.
rashest 
3/440 22 
I Of MOT KT ON 
000n Crsi• 
hewn:oil retail 
Canon ri to Ihn a 2..I 
AA 
i 
222 
RI OW -6•IbIll NACU I. 
IIMI1 
ell anYn i 
ans • tooweIC•tawa [wow 
••••/11.1COWCWIWYAMOR 
ki2n...4 ra 
VA 
NM
212t PAW WC.. LA. 
c••••C•wneltwE la...24 
0•Ast• realescn a 
NAA2 C roe Ceesaron 
geres Anne. 5040 
twat.' 
T 
OEY I. CM • 0/3316 
I4 330) 
L. 29/2 
WM I.. AA 9NANA was 
IllailM? 
i 421wati 22 42•0442214 
>NA 99.9AAA !NOW NW 
414.1.0*, 
WOO III2 
MS PROMO W. ISE 
Cep Craws. Wm* 
00440,FraMen) 
OTANA180A• 
PoWnew 0•34010s w• 
I 
.01.3 
.t.-... 
T 
Wv i Cµ 
••I 2/2102 
L NA 
num, 
WY.
.0'/%315
  Wawa Ini.l.noho 
Pwa. Arty 
NW
11746-1.0.1 
Nero Fro0NA Ns 
AsumivAN 0 Nana. 
•10.iinenin00•Ogro 
lb 
32Cceck ML 
DIM 
422/I Mug., 
402/11124i.440 
71144 KM 
IN PAOTECION - WS 
not MN mats p Al 
fre•OrtareeDakitn 
9/999 N. Wt AN 
WAWA Cots* 
Ants 
P2 G.0 
T 
fACeapo INA 
mow.. I 
Nam -NAN.AusaAt 
Ashes*. 
Wall)! 
WA PAWKY,* ' 1090 
AN Ara al LANAN 
0.9901 DONNA 
AAA9 - 0.0 us Nese 
C....SwaNALANN 
X 
.Z
Wu. tA 
TO'S,. 
%Cora n 
T 
IW4A0A..NI.I I%. 
.liatrek 
i22.2.4ini•Ostas {Ws:. 
foam/NA:A Wafla nisi.. 
AN wain 
112 X W. 
row A9010910.• 
LMAITY Sears Oie. 
Ir.ven-ilopluarle 
anlICOL•abary Sears 
WA 
%Vs 
Nu 
pys 
EFTA00810965
--- PAGE 33 ---
TOW. NW 
.me
sa%/01.• Cale 
,.....0.,•sw 
Nubia. a :al 
TN• 
know 
.....• 
. 
t 
m 
• 
Na 
., 
WW1 taiiiN01.1 n9 Wins.0.01.l. 0•Ne 
ONNAlt- WINN a WON* 
n>.201H2 
MS PROUCTON• 600. • 
no pecten•CsOwCwe 
Fa Osman Know NIS 
',n en, 
s,..
w, 
OwbernaNdOWN 
.11<R 
I 
NaCeriNlinGw.. 
liar,. 
ma.....n.. 
...... 
ear.- .• 
.......... 
. - 
...a 
..........-
..............,
...............•.‘m 
. 
lam.... 
nava an. R, -, . 
No....iNallou 
ieeneowgaur....
t.
. 
.10sw 
,. 
eaer  
eta.0. 
• N. r 
NaNageN•Ne... 
tbewee• I on. re •.., ... 
mat. 
;.,•..b.r.N.14s....., 
New ,s,N. ne.g...--, = . 
...bran.. ee n • wwr • , 
Ia. 
WWI 
1,4 0 . MIMI • e In . 14 r, ..., 
NOW OW etee•NOThiPa 
Ye edneleilWa 0•00.0$
IA
ter teI {rel., In ini 
—Ike 
. I.• • na(40•11 
Intr. 
Wel re ...inn.. 
ra ............. 
... 
.......... 
a. 
- 
is.. 
as 
.. . .. 
rt :: itr 
.... 
- : +••
..... 
WPSOIM 
IR  RO. ..3. inn 
F. 
WNW. 
W1 6.11
0. 
4" St
"
NaRA 0 CM -.TM 
P.0.111400.00 
NOMIKNIP00 
WPWAIM 
IA) lig Caw ConeeMel 
Tao Lawatoillal• 
Nsw NV WFOINSMI 
Croan.....0.• 
woman ....... 
T 
......, 
, 
,........r.• 
.....• 
:x.. Men Frotao•ahrill 
" 
?, ZNANIr 
ONE PPOTECTOd Gfla 
0•Se•••Cinoci 
[race..
S.
Snb. Cwrio.N.S. 
CWWan dw iNr CN.14
fro>. NNW. 
W.W. 
.r.: 
A 
R 
OW • 0114000 
m
i 
WV 
L WV 
KM OUC • N. itilift0 
....awn.. 
....arstrw.NOvent 
Dona We.-Ow-
 ....... 
wilenwyNne...Nt..- -, 
Kweroottonftsms4,.. 
. 
prou.Nanoust...,.. L. 
sirs not
snov,tioyd.trar.-
{R.41,O1•••••4‘...resrn 
fr
..y.......“..„......nif 
.imatiasawat“tabien 
+flare tan.. 
nett 
Min. 
nonegaNe 
...as 
es...0. 
.......ar....sala 
Ne..
....,..wittessoo 
,.. 
•visnro won 
mg. 
wrint.00WeRNALIWO.WO NJ NI IMMO 
72707.12/8 
ROO 00.100t8 
NNINPIS VW Nitues• 
SiennAtis 
I 
Na
NW
PI C.W - 501. N 4'111 0 t 
IW• 
NON1110uPtD 
NOu1040uWD 
non um 
RCM CON Par 
Oared TY, Fiala. 
TORT•R~Rn 
I 
Na 
ACM - STK* 
......... 
,....1 
..1 
ItIM005.1 
kg. . 
• if Q....an 
of. 
0.6.- 
N. 
T1.41.1024 
RYa 
imam • ....• V. C.. 
WA Ow - V.A. 01 
.. 
.). 
'MORD 
WIN WOMO 
TWONIZU 
trON COWWW3 • 
taweardiabeinha 
., 
t 
OW .30/4 N124OL4SS 
HA 
Paul Muni. 
reasclo0N.WdO 
"Pit IS0. 
nul 
CONTROLS • Win 
Weil WS AND.0....• 
fAnat 94 OW.. 
Owe
T Ott -MIDI N TO 
MN 
.).27.02‘0‘t,
w)ol W00%0 
Wit WU 
WOW; Gonna's- u. 
Raman Lea RV.. 
0.4.00p•nuturbe WAN 
Wel... 
I
NI (..c 
T 
0.............. 
ladioNineN0 IV rawswr 
&WS 
NA 
.J.W .03tIRD 
w)ol W00%0 
EFTA00810966
--- PAGE 34 ---
NIPTIST4 
01111TC011190.S• 
DOD FarCenpar• 
hootiaTraradCanpa 
Sena 
T 
-4 
031 
34. 
M. 
r0M140.01 1 
r0./100,0
11/07430 
01tICCen. - ftea• as 
Nat Tre.443,30.43,n• 
Pun...0,HW* 
Ofiln•Etscer.n 
222042t0 
T 
m OW .i.:3,0 P. en. L 
. M mr•w:a 
nami•opoi 
21141/1 
k.0•, S40.0.......11 
Nu 
72,707.120 
Area somas. 
Osonc01.1
414 0min• 
Tat ....40P•4•Own 
T 
OW -4212 Wit* t Glt 
iumeaTi 
iNK 
72/014.0. 
00141C941TROLS•SY 
tositcowiMs Oman 
LC... 
- nv• 
I 
IS 
RI -CM - 4VXX .4 Int L 
411 
Nu
TOM T10.404 
was/101a° 
NJOTINT 
Rein
 • 
Rani .yIla.m I'm 
Cant Nan - Kamm 
I 44.44•04,43. 
Origtfaln1100, 
2SCO0507 
M• 
MOO ,
NIKKO 
ITONILAS 
T
P -OW -SITS I.234 t 
001 
Ai • loi.T4 31 
ra9 I. IV 
SC -
ON 
• 3.503 .0 3501 L It* 
hi • in ••••• oirk 
mpamliewapp...).*CM 
ale- 9aml 
tumeo-tioailaKOTT• 
I WOO 
taoss•wooNATT Taw NEPA 
CANATTTA 
TP*14343 
.teireaff0.8. 
fuy.. 
...not. 
CoASTIOA 
litsMaMdba.” 
e0.34. 
I 
MOOT 
T 
Vs -6,7".. :OK I. 051 
RI • PT 4,444. 
lama • ore. 
.04 
"
9' 99999
10010001.0 
WV-ISM 
nail COPONO‘S - 
keen. n.34 net 
Cavallo,. - 
3.4444.441,0 HT 
Y 
N'A 
KT 
TT
PVA 
71/41•014 
RCM C04 TPClel 
Aaron, A.Y. no 
Can, SANK - :Tao, 
Tin iniVitnibni Wm. 
Kers, 
I 
1.$ 
WA 
RI titiltaT 
Ti KW A 
1. VI4 
int 
wad. 140uft1 
NOM 0.20110 
woman 
Ft04130311.036 
I igneN r. sacs.
I
Ltd - Cr Nalrepi b 
1.02•040......mson 
Ronk 
T C.* • 13(44 ii LK t. TA 
sim 
"3 110..0. 
r001012,..40 
72707.023 
nail COMM% - 
Pam No Tau In 
Cato:An -ANT3, 
itaimpo-rapreon•CIAT 
iff./.44.3410 
XTW:10. 
C 
A 
Ka..4,,,TAT,,,, 
N 13.43/. 3.11 
PLO Out 
L444}9. I KKK 
PT I A:3CA • .20-443-20TC 
pi reteKt 3.11 
men At 
a
4.- , 
3toTerKirevITIN I Nu 
r0u1S10uP41, 
p•3 in Mogi° 
TR TT iii 
Aron worm= • 
3.43:4”4.5.434 T. 
Caw Ku. - r aT 
rua w.c ..dy, 
krwel MOM 0..+001 
dant 
ery_o 
AM 21.10 
AI - CTif - 3WIL N Wit L 
.90 
2 0.930M 0929M 210.29
ti.. 
.2.41140.011 
Win IMMO 
7111t$204 
1100 COP.I0X8 
Cam 447.K hors 
NOT Cwier Tabraledi 
. 
all WM 
40✓c a el. 
SO. 
T 
RI • UN • 23308 K UN la 
.S03 
IICTIKKI-1-3 
lwrs•imenuti..M. Stem 
10•010. 4m 0
N . 
727.21,1221 
STAILISP IVAI:00 
/ATM STATC,CS• 
1CSVO ThE LOW, 
11.4.014 'ONION 
2011..2-13 
433 
301.04444 
wait* tO k. 
114 6 Kg 
R
OW - iffeizr6 
AW AL 140
Nemictoit SOS 22 
Nu 
P0MIt0uP41, 
P0M012uP40 
nrxiven 
tirf 
M O" , FM 9143.11140111, 
lenn roman. 
ti.. 
"343RD 
PcKnatouno 
Witian 
tf.A0.00 EDO( FvP.o.0 
OAT COar0. Mani • 
toe", Onlag,  lean 
Poen, Pap PrtTotta 
reanam 
. 
n. 
wOngsluv 
r.a ct Luk 0110•311.2tM410. 
 of Tont* WM. 
••11
043 
3:0401440 
.....tiporT3.414.4.4340.4 
te4.04020,4,1•44.40ne 
Nvon 
Nasal 
TP314109 
COP.1.404 
Di*/ MS lib • Dears 
TO GAO ISTAIPA • In 
Ithwilmien 
I 
sipil It 
Pk 
*Thia l  V .
NM &at 
T 
RI OW 0:4334.016 
.4 99109910
331.40004 
1141 
.4
. In 
INK 
PITTOKTS• 
EFTA00810967
--- PAGE 35 ---
,.: a 
nice, L c c,-pc, 
.., 
,, , „T,,,,,, 
„ 
rspn.....,,,.....,, 
WI. 
T 
)W.T! 
MN 
llYTgif. 
GII001 GCMG I 
PS 
Organ* M1
NIIT*Il enucentanTos 
.sea. einw Tama. carat 
Tem 
in Ile.4.....theatialtbro 
Trials tOTRITonwin 
reTTONO•TS191.1.40.• 
in 
..3.. vneamir.wigi Una 
nnts. 
wlC 
... 
rr.......leanwnostur• 
:son ,wini wiSTATIT.• 
.a.0. TweeTrna. TIT 
via 
r............T.....y... 
t...,..o...... 
no,. 
..nt...(mstro.....-
t.nve•ranT....., 
;ar...1.40....,..,. 
ird TT". 
TrediunTriov.r...5 .-. 
rmikaento ttit..,.- 
.....^W Tien" Cul 10 
nit TWIN tore00•Spre 
001.CONCONMITMCMI 
R./O11•10AD
R
.0338•VSPITTCOITTT 
fl an, r 
MOM*, 
Flea COMPOS 
Tww.C.wPW Gnaw 
TT•aarg II TITO 
GaITTUOTISTT04 
b. nos . Tye. 
WA 
.4.• 
nu 
n.
GlovaTaTO.00 
Want , " 
HAW CONWOIS 
nTT i Cymric ‘rpt 
WA Cw .W.X0 
.1. 
PONT TOlt0 
w)./1 IMO, 0 
Tnitillin 
WW1 COPOretS• Ian 
wars r...tents we 
I 
,31.01 
**soar. 
n0. 
WA Al Ow - ews. 
.ow 
” NTWOWP> 
”Ir *NOVO 
MOM= 
MOM CONTROLS. 
T,Pan 650.0 TT 
...wow /Maw Va 
WW• tini 
firMOTTAIPT Pal AS 
Awn ignite., 
411013 
e0 kik.. 
TIT 
WA a
 •42aw 
wwwwt 
wew 
n.
Wino 
T/47AU34 
T Olt CONTPDLS• 
Mae • ICC Reran 
inWicanwwwn 
. 
IOW NCO 
e0 kti[Tit 
1,6T 
WA AI CW •44,2 is wrr t'065 
wv. 
NOT1T0uFit. 
ma sn Taw. 
MitATT 
goo CO400W , 
IlunotTilla.T.IT. 
On. Ww. Paulin 
O Snelldm ?town*. 
tog... , [MN 
Gflerg tire 
20:013 0,
T 
OW • WO% X 
T: L 
IOW WO weans) 
*SS 
PIONMOYAID 
00.31 TOMO 
Wall. 
.104 CON/ 
S• 
OonaoltioTT T IT re 
ST" 
55510641 
I 
A- OW • Mtn 
11% 
'Till Mutt. 
NOT1T0uSte,
IWZMII)07 
w pwwwwwbawarx 
Ca..ream AD3024141 0 
3:02,.. 
f191 
T 
GT • 10,402 H IMO L: 
5try rT 0..0 W. we/ 
...3...5....T1Aci 
FM 
PIONOOlt0 
1.001 TOMO 
PTY.:LON 
DITIT WO rils• 0•0 
Yrolroya TAT • 
Taber. 
I 
DX619,73 
Vi 
T 
a GT . tDfek PI Role 
L IWRI . 'poen wok 
rm.a.1 °Tilly. 
TM rah 
.2 PT Oita To 
t  len• Owes Vitae TM 
raw ls 
R.
1.73101273 
re32/.1ipt 
.ton COMPOIS , 
..v was Saws Va 
Van:run Wass 
A 
Nel - WATS GT 31.4.4, 
331.1 
PI /V ML 31.1 
TM 0..01.4.TX 20,te 
T41
Ra No i MM LM 
IT4 1 ,0 
PI rite Mt 31.1 
TIN 0.54).1, .33Int 
0.02,3 
TyrtValnenttha Cn 
tro r,IC0P+,3 
PIONMOYAID 
1.001 TOMO 
nwwww
.
 wogs. 
LiniTT ed 
rupTOstaii 
EFTA00810968
--- PAGE 36 ---
4721Allb 
(ROCCA, ASA. Teo 
Oriqt•pL rOi•TH1 
Sydow AdaHneH• 
lifted Wan raw, Cate 
0.1 ran He, Vat/ T••• 
TM fmaaftyCPALP 
. 
my wip 
• OW -11010% K S• 12 L 
'0* 
Al -NA ••••••••• 
Fa cansoca el SD 13T III= 
H3inHOOAD 
PIO/HHOLOW) 
HSVAling 
ROO CONTROLS. 
Omer Tab Cann 
OMegrAnOmialal 
. 
?MOM 
T 
• OW - VOL. H MI:04 L 
MO 
Al -PasiaNd Wee 
PP 2:4121)10 
L.t• 
pH. 
wzmar 
feg,204iTFOX8r 
1304. 00 OHIO 
Vatega0/1111.) 
I.e... 
WOO II 
SWAM 
002010: He 
annis 
HY," 
T 
CH CW • MOH H Min 
L iffil 
Al ...oaf 
ye 
CHAphinir• IV 21 , X0 
iHIL.HH Ha 
Q. 0•HowlareHLHan 
wan*, 
IWZMIM 
ken COMM 
000* re Cinel 
tosairoa0111•03 
•••••••••••19 
Adaimadata 
i 
;HO I/ Hp 
V. 
- Ow -Mon H fvfn t 
H.°
AI • Car • OLVAY.101.5 
H 7IHOL 114: 
Ps TCAWATCO RA 
ACLWALS4V00 Ora HO 
n IM APO. I 00E.ENCE 
lab
0100
rHonelL nisloWl. 4 . 
A • 
Dentoo ....do... 
...wale 
1047AI M 
ILEMCS
...woe,: Salm, 
lAtel• .tro 
° 
Na 
S3WH.Hrt IV n• AvVis 
ret•Ens•WHon • 
732.2•0 
10,14YOISOCIVAS 
roROME 
WA OW 10317CAIH Oat 
L 
570 
MAIM) 
SIAL • fug huar• 
NIa.O4iIn.• PS2 Rai 
OfrOVM4.3*ALHHOHH 
)5 
0111. ITId2O1 H 1021. 161 
WA 
"Kiwi li paode. 
reasnotp40 
71/41HISS 
N6 MILLI Leis tad 
lasSusLOS•lonorm 
aliSaAwl 
WA Ow • 4003 HASA 344 
11/2103 
tam 
N. 
71/4841.1
Rat lertilet. BOA Vtµ 
toonwHon.a. too 
X0143(0 
HO OL'VkaH 
PHH 
WA
NW 
• -Sate 
Al WM - lal• 
next **MUD 
PHHAHOund0 
71/484173 
Mt • fano hoznicUY 
Two .Alcan•NC.Grat 
Tasikaar•Htins 
M Pao Arta 
i 
• • CW • 6310 WINO I: 
412 
Al • IL Henan 
••••03, *rid 
HON)14 
114 
LH 
Wan )) 
f uft int°. 
b*Ipn• 
MUD.. I'M LH* Wm. 
rstmunia••••• 
-.Ind 
Pas 
3) 
WA 
o w • tlittedal 
... lio, 
L as, 
Jinn wow:ma
s.. 
Ir. roan:law...um 
v. Sam *no, I sea 
Mn won... How 
................. 
ran 
maw OSse.• HALL1)2. 
Alt IAAHOLNHO 
11,4/••• 
Ha 
imp to O s .............y 
uinorsone. 
MOM, 
MIL • tiara w•PS.2 
i•Ohala WOO Ainerni 
re 44•Hinowl 
T 
O1 OW .xi. 
II 12R L 
ite 
R 2 . W...." 
Hs.) •••• 
Lim ellen(eenet 
jrau
.... munia . ...RAH: re,...ureve
.2.0 a Lnu 
W. 
71/48.1011 
RIM • rusOssy 
%HASH Onlls•Oel • 
01•0 Ontlinatil 
OHM tboto PoHni 
I 
X01.1.40 
T 
WV"- 45W H iii104 L 
412 
Al • Mann Wt 
•••••• • •••025611 
MIAMI. 
Su. 
LH 
7374•1114 
N4. ra4 Awn f./O.i• 
A exam a tangos RH 
I watt. CinHan 
T 
ACM-4011 KIM till2 
Al - WW1 to a:Hoe. • 
.H Ht,  
AI -.ban 
•LA wag HOW ',HA Pa 
• IH.Lono4.e.pred *a) 
WA 
IM HOUND 
F.O314/0 
47301.• 
ma. cniartstad 
HO*.  I t... run.",
W• 
Val•VIPosol Cala 
MA lull 
co. • '.tau H 4HIEr L 
HAS 
Hisal it n 
am L•Wco out 
uyeueLnans 
L.H. 
WS IPM 
N6. AreasNOP 
SY... ••••slinn• 
0•••• lewd PISRMata 
SLT) 0 
T 
A • C•W•• LW,. HAITI L 
?vs 
Al • Kirov NIA 
t•woH1 %rat klai 
VAS 
0,330.030•0 
NOMHOLOtO 
11/48, 010 
Mt 
reicHino V.Yy 
Grim TirSVIN•nfis 
Pasbler.0•0$ 
I 
.33:443.16 
ALS 
i 
S • C•W • »01,R 
IL, 
HH 
Al , Ct.C42015. 
H 61234 
ILAV: 
IMP.) 
Hottan•00 OnrCeNiin 
OrKteHoHli. Marian 
Mateo*. 
EFTA00810969
--- PAGE 37 ---
71/410.1.11S 
in/ FOS thilln 
I 
20t241-01 
Si • 
T 
Oti OW -SCIOn 
1, 115 
N WS L
nu 
N0N1W0uPdt. 
NON. POUND 
I, 
PACs cl 
illOt • eTH01•10, Pe 
On
e AM) sof r*Was 
Awl Sow 
72/411-1IS. 
MIL • WatetepCarti 
t"" 
Worda, ./..flicenel 
tr..... 
IS 
l VC
iti 
.4 tins 
n. 
N0N1.604.40. 
NOM WOUND 
TIICCItIl 
NM- teetonairoall 
4. 0.
- Sean Ms Gni' 
IWO. Gownceas. 
At
°
I 
9:011.1.14 
RI LW • KWH 
.03 
N 41024 I. 
Y. 
.0.131W0400. 
',on ,  wart. 
71/40.17,3 
11.41. • Cnoironalfeal 
82,.„
 n 2..ffi rp. 
fn. rev tallhI/ 
PIONOvirt 
I 
201104201 
AI Ow - won 
MI 
ro YR, I. 
14.44 
n0N1.404.41, 
"roan W0tWa 
71/40.1101 
NEL I' we Dante 
VAS, On*. • Cwt. 
Per,WOMV.Wlvairo 
bw....i...,K,vyni, 
rµnY 
WA 
WA 
nu 
nu 
71/40.110
WA 
run -GM
-L. 
rearcearwitcera 
W4Sv
if Wry On 
I 
WA 
nu 
Was, 
W4 hal:460ft 
rams. Sow, cans 
tofulte• las. 
NV wo rm. Cunt 
rani 
:own Fie 
o 
Na 
.4u 
nu 
n.
S3.0. 
Malan/ 
run Ore. tat we 
Snow*0.1Wat 
...WE...pc...IL/Cane 
lep ,
1.....knala 0.0e-sr 
Na 
.4 . 
nu 
pc. 
71,40.1M4 
Nil. frinlik.W ger) 
&Oa , 4•00u0S440 
Bps wen oda> 
NVW•Wri 
Pt /40144 
„ nw2 „. 
PrItOr. Id 
LW .01,11tAS 
.1 ?Mt. 
L AV 
rie.notoranern 
nears n mown NeMnar 
:news vir 1070 ktoon 
ma ....44. nanautatull 
id..i.....isvausw....41 
...• ty. ilo.S.ra• WNW., 
tnx.ow..0.1•0:4/. nest 
•44.4.mai ernenwawm, 
ilawl;vitaXia.0.11TO>. 
“itoorrowev.“*“.. 
M ....vire...pg....Are 
Vey meaataffiwo view 
swilmaintantatilia:O. 
SI V0,44...“4.4.4wi 
Ss.. i avenUsiumole4vo. 
row sii II tons,. .lov• 
tront.an•anri 
• re 
aakialssaleitanown 
Aaanalial ...Wife lite? 
WISMINACIYALWOOVSIWS 
WA 
IlIWWMING:•41,,, 
unisa mom, 
%gnaw", 
NON100i0ite 
MOM IWILS,14 
ro ONl4 
rim orn 
pas. Sown - C•wo. 
ntfurOseS,M1.se 
SS.. Iwo pars... 
is. 
WA 
nu 
nu 
n.. 
Wall.. 
NEL Cis Ocwit, 
V* Si 8flier. 
Per,W0prethic..e 
C..C.
SS.. Iwo gore.. 
WA 
Au 
nu 
WA 
7)740.1311 
V 
• 
Et 
VAS, 0•00., WWI. 
Pe i0Oratt w/1,00 
W44....wKW.II 
PrAn...........
,
weteses 
•in 
. 
Na 
xx
nu
nu. 
7114•1348 
NM - Voiron.snal 
61, •••• hwt.A.•1/4 11•11. 
taut At. 
I.WpOlo,
r owni „.., 
. 
WA 
nu 
nu 
nu. 
711,111WI 
NCI - tut
e.. 
Oslo 
Pay. sole.. On. 
ttNO.reD
WrsO 
Lairvitre Kenna 
f..... 
WA 
Au 
nu 
nu. 
EFTA00810970
--- PAGE 38 ---
Iva 
I Ira 
FUEL FM Ikea/ 
P ghee .8,am C'w
NS WM I ...led n 
Halemen Kern. 
lb.*. 
Olio. %albu 
i n repro Mari 
Swim 
NA 
nu 
w• 
717411-11.1, 
nAl-tuit Oren 
anti :sr, 
cars 
takatO•re.rckairo 
Halevitre *err.. 
N... 
Na 
%SS 
nu 
.v.
MOINE 
tuft IM Oster 
YAM 8rs. 
• Ono 
'NA...the. wa
ly, 
SY,  
ma ra.• moon 
pa... se.r. roin 
I 
Na 
10% 
Nu 
•• 
71/411-013 
ittircb.n...
0,
own r at wg' *so" 
Pwo..... 
. 
Na 
No 
.v.
W.. 
Inn...OF v•xem 
71/411-11.14 
Oat, 
marl Ssied,..µ. 
i 
Na 
No 
.v.
72/4•1•14 
fee 
rt:t
in*
Yana %an • C•stO 
•OAMONS/OVOIna 
grA„Nnoon....•.. 
ea.. 
Na 
JOS 
no 
'vs
MOOR) 
Mt 
Aso *An* NI 
Kip , WSW tannal,
SYNNONNN 
3, r 
WAS 
coNs I 
Ma 
Oaroirt• Tina 
...,.... senweanormed 
...4aramonlaktna•Fristi 
Vt 
ni. .4 NS Owolit 
lia 
not. me Lannon 
mare wan senwinzeivs 
pal 
• on Nu, ow Nene se 
N... n so lova ANInfee 
........, 
...tow...m.0nm 
102.4.1ta th 
/tn. 
PM MISS 
(S4 MIN≥M 
?Pa On 
NM • ha oar, 
NA AN Onto, Clop 
No AJOONANONINIna 
91,.."
0. MU.% IS 
'VMS 
I 
N'A 
" 
n. 
' 
Ma IR, 
nAL • F. Oar, 
indkartflown • Ono 
to notate • mean 
90....h.v•PArran I I•• 
Paws 
o 
N'A 
Mu 
N. 
' 
rNia INI 
FM DOITROLITION • 
ova r‘soiNdopar, • 
AA I •ryPas U.1 VAA. 
o
Na 
NN
NA
Is 
7174•13.11 
ft,tirr"-
., 
Ydroll..8014.• Orma 
Pe ',Wei.", higSv 
bw.0.,,ni
p700,,, 
ha* ...Cs.. 
rennet:pin 
s 
NaNA 
in. 
nu 
71/4111101 
NM- tug oat, 
logyeaerankm C...a 
POAMOrset ka•fre 
00,
elm ran o• 40e• J. 
[tor. ann.' 0.•••• 
Na 
nu 
nu 
. 
Mal -1M 
OWL • Eva Oat, 
Mats Soimn • CUNT 
vormotanhicev 
wnlv•noravel• 
Pt... "net sq... 
Vaken.to•On 
NaN'A 
nu 
^. 
V 
717411-113$ 
NM— tui Oat, 
pawl 5$3.n • Oro. 
tonalosni aic. " 
61Me.i.y• IN.V.%$, 
pavan cor 4Tare we, 
freveWArunwOinien 
NA 
Kw 
NN 
WA 
72748.034 
NM - kat Ostit, 
tags. 5 own • C•ra• 
torMo/no...Aso 
sw.n..”.”..
o
hints 
NA 
nu 
k. . 
TVS OP 
f vtt I ts OanWO 
'rat', 
fl... CV., 
ru"'"..n.
"
i'' .. ” 
oh.art• oi A tarrova 
o 
Na 
k. 
KO 
'vs
"Pa ItO. 
.K
. =:7
1..' 
V* 
ea
.. Wort 
Asa 
r.. eine 
o 
Na 
10% 
KO 
'vs
EFTA00810971
--- PAGE 39 ---
L139). NIP 
NB. CM 0.tintt 
ein, %Os. • 
Atflann O (knot Axi 
TapaGynarrILEGant 
Posionet %tanned,. 
in.C.sionraeonts 
N'A 
M. 
nu 
%a 
WS ON 
NM - tutOnto 
Mai Sow, • VA.* 
Dun W34,2306 
WA 
14. 
nu 
Iva 
71706-INI 
i lter
a
lft
ane 
Ian, %On . CM,. 
30A0Gon10,41no 
331661.1..”Pnr.*N 
rasa 
WA 
Au 
nu 
Ivs 
72346-134.1 
wo. • Nis Oa*, 
Ian, %On . C•601 
30A.Wein/OVIng 
3316.016/0No.NO3 
On.* 40 enitn win 
knee I...own *an 
WA 
A. 
nu 
nrA 
MONO 
MI. • Eva Onto 
Man Son, • Can} 
in. Cs.toltMdeuen 
3314.1.TP...n1.1.? 
In an to tn..* 
wow Sun ...nun 
lass. 
WA 
Ku 
^.. 
nu 
717.3•1w 
Iva. - twos*, 
ramp Solun •oxy. 
to flarGin 6 nice* 
90..K...‘,..*” 
mown* c• Auter us 
Here ht... 
Ihom 
WA 
... 
nu 
, 
II.PNLVINZ 
VwconfvflY0 tratrA 
a 
Mail. 
T 
A, cw -.3W .x tn. L442 
DI - 11,6* an 
team' • •palliCki.VIA1 -IN 
nen efama.sn • 44.4 
LWOW 
1. 13.41nannt. 
M. 
WSW.* 
D43,4 AWL MO 
MIS 
• los Ind ANN 
OW Al Ant PIo 
Awl.  Baal A.l.l 
1,41•11150 
VOL Nil 
T 
ACM - 2.301 
MON • irmw
Mal SO 
Al .N, 
my waueores 
il ' h, ^.. ^-•••`3,.. 
'```' • '"' 
tinalt4lo IN rani, 
 kali 
'hex. 1R WW 
• 
x. 
W. 
311.26AII61 
IVO. • Doman* • Awl 
Amide. Pre...4n 
MS.. I ow • fra...01 
* 
T 
NM 
SOWLNOUM0 
PIOMNOLRO 
0T- MSC .4 In L tto 
MANNY 
NO. • NS Dam Puro•NI 
fad Dam 'teflon, 
ZNeW.N.C...wn 
I 
Ai Ow- fa:ni N ?NIA t. 
'335 
AN 
666106unn 
66u1NOulte 
71/446111? 
NO.. Dm:8S • Awl 
rum> tienna 
Yeenc..FOArnienin 
=4432 
.ACA• - NAM 14 ON L. 
$79 
Ai - 9, 
rc • •••• w. 
,,,,,,„ „., ..,,,,,,. 
VA 
666106u0n. 
664.6 *Ana 
71/44600 
MO.. tn0IN flan., 
*In 
660,/, GINO 
NW ninak. 
, 
2310 II05. 
NH MT 
IN 
T 
A VOW - WV, . N et. L. 
III. 
AA 
666106u04I3 
nOill .Satan
09.NALOIIMOINkOh 
713.940% 
NB (nest.* - Ca* 
Ns Tw. eat Pon Pa) 
on,'.Y Vat Cant 
Wye Owl* 
, 
MX NM 
NW NCO 
,02 
in
T 
PROOF - vita .4 
CM.40 L. UN At -CW - 
)Al?. N. WA I- NO 
I. 0503736 
w 1.77.010 
L 2/47 
Len • SAIN.Cona,a tin 
Ina Nannfinit 
, 
71/4644017 
run. trot* naiad 
DOn. • 1St ass. 
Mee • Ana Aantlenn 
I 
=ANC. 
i- 
t 
Al C.Ve -10012. N WA I- 
NO 
666106u04. 
.146,11NOMAL6 
71/46441.110 
A/EL E fen Fun gel. 
A4n...ninnin 
AA) fnalltrtionnar to 
arm in. Alan NO 
la lind Pen 
Na 
NM 
nu 
17.3161344 
Ma • tn0IN flag nal 
60•6 
in. 
, 
X06.4441 
NNW 03 
R?
T 
IN CW • 3142. N 431.33 I. 
NM 
a . CW .136.112. 
.1 V.08 /.. N43 
AS *Scow 6 
ri WISP 
LEN 
hanNi 
Len • n40,6•IOneNtil 
In. Utnnia•SOtweau 
n•,
on a 
OW Pena • ram rad 
CA Polder, Sohn in 
Retra.000000 ,
Ann 64106k. 
311.33 WM 
14An.40,Velv.P.0Uk 
rtnr Nan. OM Won. 
Own VS,/ tonal, 
WA ,*) Cost. Two 
MYNA' 
Len • Oat. I/4Sn. Mien Wenn*. 
TENSION 
NORMA C 'OWN • CC 
ilea °ow &oil Who 
1M L01 
1) ACANIM. 
I 
NA,  OW eso le yang* 
by numb.. ONWAN'y 
AM 
143101400446 
re3I/100304t0 
EFTA00810972
--- PAGE 40 ---
W.1.2104 
willItAllt/C INDWin • 
.......c ...gra 
tweatas Swim+ - 
Walorind a* Moor
nno..0c4 
n—&--, Mai* 
I 
TA 
OK I 
....m, 
Na 
I M 
a Matta 3...00:10n1-0-
its• 
lescot•WilwaIWNIWwW• 
re WICOWILIOCI 
. - 
310.4.1C.1 
iv.. -...ne........ 
ne...sre..Inu... 
...wow. 
WM. OM 
W•DRAIRC COMP. 
...~.1wirow 
P.WWWIlneWly. 
1Wwwt.tliroAo•ww 
knives, WS* in! 
OwnivitaknVAIWI 
• 
P.1031 
0-00." I 
PAC. 
OPP". 
WP". 
T 
PY •CM - 4101 II S) L 
NO 
Pli. RS ft trat 
col 
OW • 201.1-1 I< UK II L 
240 
On..WWP.O.A,611.0 
.44a9pWW 
mCW•ligatinial OW,. 
Cweanikrof MO in•Ital• 
Yip 3 Wean Iwiveint 
OW 
.fl
I. MIN. 
ran 
376.WX-0 
1..s-w•walerensAitn. WA 
WallW 
4.01WitCKAWA 
...~. Son. Owa. 
iT no Wor 'Assign 
i 
pa*. 
I, 
T RI CW • 120WI3 14 WI I.: 
VA
MUIPWIIII 
1YM 
WA 
wa rn, 
W•INIAVI/C SOWaill - 
Wituic :pas A a-.3 Is 
Cnoiro0wPa9. 
“WnOw.we titano 
Pennwie P.wriel.kw 
.1, 
WO". C
1WelOIJO 
how, 11.wW•iteve..ww. 
nwe 
favnlowera 
Plowwtois 
8,2,11.1
IODOWAC POWER WO 
Ms. Lag.) (.16•YWOW 
Wol•WWIledord 
Malwdc. Yalta •triftraw. 
flopibial N. Own 
albite 
WA 
.h. 
WA 
WA 
Main. 
WrtakilIC COMP • Ws 
41,nm Lonna A AsS D 
revs . We
.3 
ww.owinO 
MW.. 
wwwwri 
. 
T 
RI LW • 3.7.3.1 II 
.0 L. 
nx
piOall WOUND 
A0u1SOUND 
Walla 
WitakilIC POMP4MA 
•Hgtin.AG Swing-
twain WW Coal V.I.• 
Pack.,  Nell....a..-....• 
W A 
.1 . 
WA 
NA 
727-2241.8 
witalAoLg rewn. 
Wawa Stay A ta 
"0 Hwa..w.a• .. 
Ennwht 
AWIW
hwn 
xµ4innong. 
/... 
W A 
ii, . 
Nu 
VA 
WS.Z., NN
waa 
T 
*WA WATALl s.. 
htn.....414. 
%pp.,. 
OPAY. 
x,
10.001.4 
wars. rm. 
......-coassrew 
.. .......nreaa* 
. 
. ..!......enw•-• 
nil info-
. •'e...' -In 
.. ,,,,,,a„..... m. 
- - ...,..e....a...., 
- 
. .--‘,...•,./kwon 
.......
.../ 
- 
. .. .4........ (HA I* 
ntrai a conAnOW 
r0 40* 
stc04.usowooftw W. 
sus ,...2, 
/Mat
Warne° 
W.72$0,71 
lOORAMC POWER WI 
• Hitn.AG Swim° Cam 
WarOl....Ourvfato 
ISO lbw Nan. In.
grNw1 
raWl.olitcw aw.S..r. 
Jwiam 
NA 
RI LW •42:198 
-ins 
wrowS.Www0 -WSW 
nonai 
ITT la •Tor Twers.wasle• VI 
727-2Waa 
WOWtkutC ADM" - 
1•40.404-$4.0. An) B 
W.OrOw in WOriel• 
TtOCWW0WW•00
. 
WA 
Acniaki 
ten••••Sw....i...A.I..• 
N{A 
WSW.. 
CI MORAN 
PPOTECTIPI.w.ows. 
WWWWWIMOwn 
*nom Avow. T 
(wATATTri 
I
T 
MOW-.OW. is W10 L4V 
.1. 
1.0,01.W/WP 
'Owl W0/0•0 
7W4,16,4 
CC. geSiOn 
PPOTUTICM• Wilopwa 
enn Lir..an . Caw. 
0...W.W Ona.M.Ot. 
tftethAnTxpeo 
*Tyr, 
i
sass., 
is
klOW - %On. II 5760 L 
1W.1 
W.ISI-...-... 
tit
...tor....n
ratart v.e
inuew..• 
.Adiew, 
..{. 
EFTA00810973
--- PAGE 41 ---
Mal* 
CC MOW. 
ISOTIC1101• Cars 
CHAVoteomsAsso 
*Ivo OCEOTIIIsnet, 
110AlmairlOIMIN.Mee 
:Weft.. *lat. 
Cotaltd 
1, 
T 
ea CA • 02.113 H • 
toll/ 
LA% 
PSCA. V.A. I.( 
C*00 I.2.5./ 
1: , ‘ .1
J.
/. 
717.3010111 
cc NOON 
PROTICTIC.I• Pal &se 
Ta.
"
n".""
ImINAINswofinike/a 
fbiOn an wawa 
it.westet 
WA 
n, 
nA 
nA 
Walt** 
ICE MD inn 
IROTICTIC.I• Pal &se 
Turs. Intoner INS 
rdAte.Verafinlicry 
6),... 
Pa Oasrniankul 
sonata. itivihnt... 
tt.wan. 
NA 
n..
nu 
vv 
n3,30 'NI 
LE NO MN 
1101(010.4 PatiSta 
htta Itnyttan hat 
inlAte.Verafinwe 
Wm* Ow. ritedfle 
roan 
Cloinol• 
lanai 
Pato MS s awn 
I 
WA 
AO 
pv.• 
WA 
A5.Xotel 
CC 4•4341.4 
WOTECT,ON Pff(II MO 
VAT° I.V.011 Iv 
5/MICO.CV.A/431, TO 
ACOMIYUL. 
leauwa f co FAA,‘K 
Of PITOT ;Calf 
utAtcX 
• 
. 
,,, 
„......,, 
I. Os 
uomettibir 
edge at., 
cyan* 
T 
xi ,,, , tn.*, 
n........b....nothr 
..nielare Is est 
sof axe 
reialersatructortotat 
c... ramomvlut,...t....] 
Icalgeatm froo.....-. 
oaf MAD., ,.... v... 
i.0M
Vas el....0.... 
II - 
odealle....... 
a . 
-
reireildnalker.•!•• • 
tract......./..0 
rag de.cnrger c.- 
. 
AAA*. 5.AAAA ... 
4.......stenftwott.. t 
tato.stim.
t..---t 
unr
anattetrt
: t . 
so., ......., 
e.tt 
POW/ •IOWIP> 
ii0016/1.41, 
<saw 
711.33Ic0i 
cc NO Mtri 
PROTECTOI • In 
DOHAA *Wm saw, 
1•001040 (Mai
P.—.
Na 
pv., 
nu 
Nu 
TV.30•10i 
CC Na3li•ti 
PliiTUTIC.I• Cent 
COnVIIrtiroinesil 
Mm 
YONve/WslOves 
pritti.enne 
WA 
Ku 
nu 
N'I 
7174:A.M3 
CE.OloelPOOTECION 
10•001.1410.3.10.0 
()gr. WrtinstIWn 
Mm wtt.sC•noo 
I 
MG al.) 
Ai Ow- I014/1 1/ ZleS, I. 
nr 
p,,, 
rOullii3Wil, 
P.) ant(wird0 
7174Mati 
tEerett.Ar. 
PPOTECIX)/1 W.././03 
ars 8,virn Ovs4114 
ressavirim 
Ms. 
CC 
IIICW • &I Ion II at 
lz 
ICI 
Itl CIF •XiCill It 
9,50 l .30 
WleArvin...10...101.8/1 
11. 
Fp3ill Mundt. 
piOnlistaufte 
TIO.33090 
CEYOILIN 
WOWCACA•000TMO 
BLOC •A.CHAPAenoi 
It,/ Bolls • Air Nis P oo
rat
Hamiaalawsubia 
MANS 
MS 
GICSI7 
GIMP., 
GA0.0 1 
WCA • 3.744 A COCA 1 
240 
. : ,...• 1 a {moll. sof 
.4.- A A ...Amt.... 
A 
. .....•..Intwesoam... 
-..H-... onA.A.A.H. 
.......A., ...AAA. 
i 
mmaxatAuosami 
010114/M0 
Gavel
,
tatinMS•Mle./.2.1.0
1. hnOlI3S/SX1 
72/414414 
AsTAASHIS • ruin 
Assam Sfewn•Ane. el 
AO.** Mein 
T.AAA-H 
. 
WA AccnAnr• 
AnHAAL 
Peelli Stalk rayon , Omni 
eAt. 
Asset* 
re1.31.11,9 
NOCHTNOWCOPOCO 
Ainia 
Crridalleby 
SHAA.H0 As•COS 
SWAHHCwam 
NA 
ROWCWW.A. 
3103.1CRYCK 
k. 
CH KIM 
7174/1.1113 
AorATNA NO 
AcceaDAGMATCMS • 
CemetIMpyremou 
twakralreven 
Oaf teden KOCI Bars. 
Wriehlgaimrret 
WA 
oCv IL 20A0,141W A 
H AAA 
l 214 
mmull MI 
Is OlnituCIN 
... 
EFTA00810974
--- PAGE 42 ---
alal.Tigt 
TIOCATWO OD 
flECONaa SYSTEMS . 
Cala OnTai aawal • 
Sawa* Chra m MOW 
at nal Onus Caner 
min ..a. Cern.. 0xt 
T 
CM - Vitas 
AL Alia RC RS PM 
lealialla a ta ila 
araSealla 
SMOSCTUOK 
a. 
Tela.101 
NOCATIAOACOROAO 
Valrfla Ants. 
Aaallan,la, Pawn, 
*Yea t1W0aret 
Weak Pao., 
I 
Pat* 
of 
T Man, SW* 
I41 
POIIMOVAID 
WI/IMMO 
Walla 
x01CMM0 MO 
fACONWIOWMAWA 
GKa CaTai Sawa r 
TaairTaaaroalwat 
aorktaawa 
Carta Ma Farms 
actaa. Cann 
I 
WA 
xa 
nu 
a. 
faCalleS 
M041 PX0aCia000 
Waal Oran Oman 
ava !CO S, C naards 
iarn Yana af't.. 
aave 
. 
a IT CM • 4TaXt H Itt) L 
m 
aS 
a nalaill, 
HON POUND 
TP414231 
FOICa Pa . aCOADING 
TaTtai ano:Talk 
baaa Canal:THEM 
awn Ageara am 
Va. S.a.e.... 
n» 
WA Wank Two 
alara las al int 
tagaal 
Wawa HaCSSOPC Saar, 
Nea sane 
T INWISMI 
la CATAGMO 
IC CORDAGSYSITMS• 
Cana Daly
NO* °Haag 1h. 
earaballaaantaMr• 
Waal% Ms 
la 
wall lapara, 
HOM *fauna 
7faCalle4 
TIOCATICOCCOPIMG 
SYMMS Maw asan• 
Mara an Ganes 
ID rn• Mew 4.4. as 
ra Woa raaaa ay. 
SS 
T 
faCaaallea 
is ataannaveasa. i of ) aloaaa 
lam analailaaaa 
To kaaraleare 
%nil !balm 
TV41.12,1 
Pa Ca rana0Plaa 
SYMMS Cana Ova 
agHT aalld Pala, 
faaaplattatal• 
I, Ways 
I a 
T Moaner.* 
.1. 
POPO/MORD 
Ha/MOM° 
Te141.12101 
ADICATING*0 
MCCODPIGSYSICMS• 
Cara Data Sawn• 
Ova Oaten Oa 
amallailaniontaala 
Cara 
1, 
T Mane T,TH.
nu
a inataia ,
wan Wart° 
Tela.an 
IMICAITOCIACOA0A0 
Walla analNOT 
taAH0 Paala 0 anal 
foam OnaTaa Mt 
Dam Conran MA* 
Tadleada0a Alba 
Owlet orake Ian. 
NA 
WA 
, Ht.KLHTO 
Ivan otala0 
Walla 
Aaaalial Cr.
Cat, 
OiriTS.M.11•01 
Ram la* 
Piet rewrnelsinlier la 
a 
M. 
'Ina fat 
Cara bat.. %Nana 
Aanaa. Scam fan 
37,41 IPS 
MOCAT•aaltaa0A0 
alTad Cana afar 
SW.. iCOW 04.410,  0 
WO cow rtworo C.• 
aviatag Seas anon 
Oaaal Taira aqua.. 
Otaaailtaa a 
Haan arantaa 
Gat. Oa /masa, a,
UM ars. 
T 
apakaaache mai 
vas 5s
arata a eamasseast as 
a 
Ka 
Tea Mt 
ADICATHAMO 
IIICOPDAGSSITCM• 
Canaaatranon• 
Oaf l• CerrasOliaire 
*ea ann. al Oka 
an% a* ay %an 
z a 
NA Gail/12a 
Noakowechaun 
at a Vs a 
boniaraia. mama. Sa 
a 
Paotarar 
WTI all 
MOCM HL FaC000ta 
MUMS. Cann Ova 
SaMaCOR Ovals 
aboaknaatran Saws 
10080a a•CDSCasat 
Saba thaJa a 
, 
T 
a LW • tai 12 H SOTO L 
WA 
as 
NOSTMOVIRD 
NOMITOMO 
EFTA00810975
--- PAGE 43 ---
rOJI-Ita 
SOCATWIACCOPONO 
MINN OATATWACAV 
War. Glom CANNA 
Dye* Matotte. 
Plarnar kJ. tiul. 
OS 
W A 
Noto•onewoon 
urao so•
OnenO in awn ...init. • ei 
A
no 
77,141-11441 
FOICall4MC01.00.0 
SYSTOAS - $4.0. 
%Krim :own. 
Rosin. a..0000 
AV Oss0w•as• uol 
Alltiamon o sass 
T 
*SS 
1.0,014tOORD 
TOANOVAT 0 
n,,wiot 
SOCATNOPECOA009 
trilltwi,Andta 
No00 Soin • Corte 
1111•CO*4. 
T tA ALAN n. 
.5 :, 4.511 nowaroWAWO 
... .....044 
...An mOTAW0•AW 
...."  
eil rFill ay. MI. 
,.., wronnt parer 
•
to. 
!Om. Muerte. 
no on noon° 
rOJI,1431 
SOCATN0/40:00•4 
N11003,0wwooNNWI 
Stain. IMMOVI 0 RIM 
MINN. LIN al Odds 
Sawn 
I 
OM VO 
Oltr • MIMI: 
w novo 
L an 
MY 1460201S 
M MO* 
l an 
,.
,,,,.%. twin. 
.....0CCV 
. u.%to ronita a. 
',ton, the.% 
...,-...n,............ 
,,,,. 
PIONTOtOORD 
.3.7, . Kam') 
TION.W.1 
NOCATANOM0•4 
trNTON ORTAA NW* 
SW.. .....0Witi 
Om. V Camwe 0604 al 
• Emma nino3 do 
o 
WA 
10% 
NU 
w• 
71741 W04 
FOC/0 P4MC0.0.0 
WM14 0,... , 0,44 
:AAA on wa a Wo 
No. 0.•-• ea A law 
Na 
Av. 
A. 
713,31.1SH 
1.0 KAT NCO.: Ca10 t.C. 
SYZTOAS - Carl. Mao 
invin -*sop argrat 
Na ow, .tcov H AA t ITC 
Mithan Z.3. 
310104.0K 
AN 
71141.1612 
NOarreACCOA•O 
trrtlEMO, Ownen NNW 
SYmM• SeOwn 0.0. 
Na 
AA 
KO 
NA 
TV41.1614 
IlOCATNGICCOPONG. 
MOW Con>, NO. 
6N4.0 0.000000. 
WA 
10% 
MI 
WA 
71747.1u7 
NOCATNNWCOPONG 
Pinta - Orem Dap. 
Town - ChAssOota• 
WA 
MA 
KO 
Ma 
713,31.11.1 
NOCANCRECOA00.0 
!ASTON OATAA 
W.A. unit.. 0 
Sawn. at* r. 
Sworn Laracscra 
harp ail 14.1".1 
SW.Cennalcsass 
VatamIt lfrotOnuSal 
WA 
10% 
nu 
na 
?Pa nel', 
IlOCATNICOCCORDIC 
WM16 - Corm, 044 
Aan-anient...0- 
teunda.• 0440'. 
Mit*Ifali 0..v• in 
t"..0.0•••• react 
Na 
K. 
n. 
,. 
72,7411.11•3 
IlOCATNICOCOPACI14. 
MIMIC -Craw.. Dar 
sysen•orpson,” 
WA 
AO 
P5,4 
P5a 
WNW.. 
sOCONOACCOADNI 
IMAM' Ownn NNW 
Syr.. OsA0.003wo 
WA 
ko 
N. 
Nrs 
733,31.11.5 
SOCATNNATCCOONG 
SYMMS • Comm Dap. 
nye. 0.10 • 0010. 
WA 
AO 
KU 
P5 5
7$1.31.9114 
NOCATMO*0:0400.0 
SYMIAS -Gym, 06., 
unasts sot,"tol.
Mem tau anon 
6.•O. T sea Town 
v ,
Na 
ko 
no 
n•
Wr 
TIO4I, lb) 
110CATeCOSCOPOnG 
MIMIC • %NW.. 
rosicnoirenrco 
inort. Noma* %Ow 
0.10111.• 'AVG HO 
Prangs freptiniwti0.1 
hernia 
WA 
ti.0 
vb 
vs 
EFTA00810976
--- PAGE 44 ---
MOHO 
NOCATACANCOPONG 
MON Comm Dap. 
Sownwarin 
1.4mpars Calla. 
as* 
Oen. a nest 
Na 
WA 
PO 
WA 
7$141 lal 
110CAINCOCCOPIING 
MUMS COrnal OAP. 
6)11. 0.10•0~. 
WA 
WA 
WA 
WA 
7174I.Ifill 
110CAINCOCCOPIING 
SYMMS Conn Og. 
Sown Ono:Ow 
Na 
In 
nu 
WA 
?nal nal 
NOCONOACCOONO 
NANO OannrO
nin 
Onw•Osion 
Na 
.4
. 
WA 
WA 
7174I.IS12 
110CAINCOCCOPONG 
SYMMS Conn Dag. 
NWoo Onw•Odas 
Na 
WA 
nu 
Nu 
MOM, 
NOCONOACCOONO 
innbli CoreAnOnn 
,Va. Onp•Onwo 
N'A 
Ma 
VA 
Na 
MOHO 
NOCONOTOOPONO 
SYSn10. Coosa 
nnwarcoNsion• 
Ilabrada 0 Stone DAY 
US 
N'A 
an 
ma 
Na 
MOHO 
NOCATAGICCOPOIn 
rentin Cornanuo: 
*An Ononnl000n 
N'A 
an 
nu 
k. 
MOWN 
NOCATANACCO004 
innia 
cans. on 
Ann Cow•Owto 
Na 
an 
Ma 
'VA 
NN .672 
NINCONONECOA0•4 
NO 
Ownennew. 
SY.S. 0.110I 014n 
Na 
bk. 
WA 
WA 
72741.11•8 
110CAINGICCOPONG 
innia 
cernmOsa 
Awn Conno 
wwwww+Cowo 
SW.....1CoroSs OW* 
BP S^ Wen 
NA 
:NA 
IW 
WOO: 
AIWATOKOrtiOONA 
MOW OnoNon. 
OW.. Ononne 
M t  One.' 
• ATC. 14
Yoe 
....na 
Wpm 
Na 
in 
No. 
As 
7174I.IILI 
NOCAWW4C0110CG 
tr, 310Ai 0.....•tin•Ii 
SW••• 0.2•P14 
ACA% ON Onaii. 
• ATV Yalu:0 (.1.• Vv
We 
Na 
Ifa 
VA 
k. 
7174I.I1L1 
NOCAt.G4CCa0.G 
rennin Comm O4•• 
SW••• Orr Pity 
COO CIA.00orealos 
•orANionowl4woo 
I 
WA 
444.. 
... 
N. 
:VW not 
NOCAINAONCOPONO 
ANTOW Aononnir 
3444.... 0.4.44 stye 
Wacamet cap/. 
fagot wafornzOosaw 
Nowtanw 
o 
NA 
Y. 
Pa 
Mal ISO 
'MCAT P,ftiC0.01.0 
VI.1114 Cana% WO.. 
Loon MI Ili IV it d 
Car. PO. SOW, 
Clqa, lisc 
I.In 
Ce•sla w Iva.. 
CestrawkonioN 
onotoConnon 
C444.4.044.4.* Aes.... 
Annan 0wan 
Na 
.4. 
WA 
NAN INN 
NOCATAGTACCOONG 
MIESAi Coa..• On., 
Ono. Ors 0 0001. 
Na 
:04 
AA 
WA 
704I.ISIII 
NOCAtW4C0110.G 
tAIT043 *oaf 'C0* 
BrAgil Oa". *AGMS 
OW Ganil•I•ATC.
MonylIvOINAUS 
awl* MI 
Na 
wA 
:NA 
MA 
EFTA00810977
--- PAGE 45 ---
4741,1$90 
MOCATN3NCOADM 
4111043 Co.., (MO. 
90.+1 Ovon 000on 
Na 
Y. 
Po 
w. 
71701.1200 
MOW NU leas. 
nIfiminkuSrile• • 
Ildpean a Iota. Mu 
tee 
Na 
no 
ns 
7.3.31.1W1 
FOCATtG,ISCOPDFG 
M1043 Co...IC.4M 
8W.N1 .1 Fat 
Mswowooltengs.ft• 
emir. 0.. 
• OnEn 
N'A 
VA 
W. 
7$141.1,02 
MOCATN3. 01ECOPOIS 
VISMe 0.•••••• 0.04 
SYS.- Ors My. 
limos, 
SW*, 
en 
[await 
Car OW . 
SY1.4e.t. sas rum 
Oa. ily 1-4,4v, Sra•ra 
booking Of rein v.. 
a 
N'A 
W. 
7$141.IMI 
FOCAINGIIICOROIC 
MIMS - Comm Clqt• 
0- 
nie• • Ciro 
Mt* Bab Ma. 
Enge•OR LIMO rosin 
I
Na 
NU 
v. 
71701, 004 
FOCAT•COCCCOOM 
SYMIC - ConricaDvt• 
SY. - Chil... al On., 
I 
NA 
KO 
PVA 
71701, 044 
IMICATI43NECOPOt-0 
MT/I42. Cow., Ciao 
Hunan:, 
Wayne Calpme 
wan -irpas..pea 
Na 
I.N. 
VA 
PVA 
MOMS 
MOCMPOWIEW•000 
MlOgi Dale Lean 
nIfieginfru Sol. 
Rope.. a Arta. Oa 
tate 
WA 
I.N. 
WA 
Nu 
TRJI.litill 
MOCATP41*CDP004 
MAW Oil. Lean 
at/ Awn.° SMon , 
Astuirwri 0 atont tun 
NA 
14. 
Na 
N. 
r1141.1694 
Nowerasconotc 
MIltbli • Rg• MU 
Mo.. en*, ,
Rogaixecirt 0 Disko/. 
Wrw 
N'A 
.4. 
N. 
N• 
r1141.16•9 
140CATMAECOP000 
!WOO <oar tifst. 
Wort- •witram a 
Senn., Learn. 
Angeteamactent 
mensarvainsaina 
*Wen Comister• 
Amon*. U•Ovs11,4 
• MC' ...AVIS' 
Women 
O 
Na 
w. 
MOMS 
MD CAI NtaCCORONG 
SYSTOAS - Convaqop 
5W.,- 0...00.44 
WA 
NO 
POI 
4741,1611. 
n0.01 PKOKC01.004 
SYSTOAS - Cana.. 
Swot to* 
or OW. 
Ifteuestaset Lowe 
Loot waters:nal... 
Swot Wet; 
Na 
MA 
N. 
WA 
re141.101 
n0CAT KIREC01.00.0 
MIrOd Omni, DNA. 
:Yin - Cr.P•011tel 
N'A 
M. 
n. 
IVA 
TSPJI.Itel 
atav44001, F•PI 
vaucirwt Cowie 
61.0••• .rani: 
Ain 
wriagnveConpie 
5W..fama• Gowns. 
Dap. Sean tarn ass 
lanes foram, 
WA 
.4. 
NN N 
WA 
EFTA00810978
--- PAGE 46 ---
V> 31.1.05 
0.00.TtOPEC01.00.0 
kfliTIM3 0......., 010.. 
SW.. Osp. venni. 
Ccerrow... Amni. 
Ca
Pc rare :low. 
Conal.:41. 
1..•••ao.......C.....all 
• Ai 
.o-..4 woe 
0...••.w 
WA 
\A 
VA 
IVA 
,,,,, WM 
PM ICATINCOCCOMOK. 
SW.11145 • Otasitts. 
s.).......0., SSW,
Ma..... 0 M.,•• Ma 
Pa,. 
WA 
n.,
v. 
n.
. 
.V.1.4.0) 
nonarcorco.one 
noon connorno 
effin steno.* ei NO 
Orat•CsennOweest 
• 4•04•Cerairel Da 
N'A 
vu 
n'. 
pv. 
.11.314111. 
necorroorco.one 
V90043 Cowan Ouy 
OW." ...Awx• 0 1.0 .0 
Ves• rM.14 Erin 
law Dna Cute. 
CnoreCul...sel no... 
WA 
K. 
Ku 
pv. 
TY.314101 
necorroorco.ono 
tr90043 tovv.v. Oxy 
B.A... Craspr/00.... 
Na 
K. 
v. 
v. 
71/ 47.I.100 
tntiMe C...vval On./ 
V
....i
•topea..
... Ost*
P....... 
DIOns 
Cans nice. Sawn 
Oates 
Na 
Vs. 
vs 
71701.14.. 
FOCATSC.FICCOCIOIC 
mums -CannMo. 
Hair. -*ono Mork 
nog nrovors fvenkto 
0....., ion.' tolvrviry 
Nott...."...a. 
Clinflo.v.a 
WA 
Mx 
Pk.. 
Va 
7n01.1W 
MOCAINCARCOPONG 
SYMMS • Conn Cup... 
SW*,
 **40•Game• 
WA 
10. 
M. 
Va 
wP061ME 
NOCAT0ONC01.00.0 
6,0043 Cons. tint, 
:Yin • Ch.0.•00..... 
WA 
1... 
.... 
Pv. 
71/ 47.1.14.4 
NOCATO.C.IWOJP004. 
in title Pia, 
Pandenel WO.. 
favn MP hwebi Sown 
Ca.....0•APSIC NO 
INIMN.S.O•verneivu 
Na 
I v.. 
v.. 
v• 
71/ 47.1.14.3 
0.00....K..rtf.)1.00.0 
eflirt... Al% Dale 
NcevipSmir. -Oots 
fps rot.......••.v U.* 
;IOW" 
• 
Na 
I 
I 
II% 
Vs. 
Va 
71/ 47.1.1414 
010Wat.C.FCCOROM 
MUMS 
S. Corm, Dais, 
%It
- ...win a 
VoloreAlv•flyat al 
80...v.Canniere 
hat. 
Na 
...... 
N... 
V• 
71701.160 
MCCATI.C.FCCOROIC 
muss . Can., ow. 
Swim • beanie ”.. 
Dm t..Conv.00......1.1 
• (VON* 
WA 
KU 
VA 
71,41.1611 
-010ICATKOILCOPONC. 
SWIMS • Comm Ddsp.. 
Ho. - Iiirear• Visa 
Lan 0•0(.4••• 
Na 
M. 
PO 
w• 
71,41.16.9 
MDCATeK•I‘COMW.C.• 
Can. MO. Sown • 
A
vs 
flm.ake. a. Cgs Gs 
m...M.0v* ISM 
Na 
*SS 
a 
EFTA00810979
--- PAGE 47 ---
71741.101 
NOCATMOIECOP000 
!Mane Onv , I.0 1. 
9M... 0.prt• Ana 
CenmoleainAillonal 
ea ilipeningipari 
Cenmoluira 
Moyne LttGormall 
MC htuaT en I* Wow 
0.04 Vv. 
WA 
104 
nu 
no. 
71741.1611 
PM CAINCOSCOPOING 
SY:111142 - Comm 04t, 
04044.1)(11.1n04.14
Ofrn,
MaugliwIrt Cowie 
6.0••00... 
Na 
104 
nu 
no. 
71741.1422 
NOICATN001(0)00040 
4,100.1 onoMvssoar 
:woo. *ono town* 
Ca
vailn ..e.fonal 
... :mon 
Cowman 
Mswols...11.110nol.4 
• toTC14101.00 {MM. thy* 
OM/ Vol 
WA 
NM 
p... 
.. 
71741.104 
110CATNGICCOPOIC 
ovum • Cern. Dqe, 
Own. Now onion 
WA 
ten 
nu 
pvs 
47.111.21 
AD ICATeZ MO 
ICCOODPIGSVSICMS• 
Caw. OAS. Stem • 
Can, 0,40 Boy. 
Fusr......... 
WA 
Cu 
Nu 
.. 
PP41-Ittl 
0.0CAT Mr m(C00000 
SYSTOn - Cana, OsPb. 
Wm,- 0•40-0. a 
Calm. 0mpon $0..r. 
Cispb.D.nu Lk* 
Oresino•wdbo 
COOtrale, Penvatly 
&SI Cir.,/ 0.6120 
Na 
.4. 
no 
no 
7V411.2) 
NOCATICASCOODPIG 
curator.. 
As 
ed Assam :pm, • 
Raved,. win., 
ktp.Plinpleir ad 
',Wang r IMO v.*. 
Na 
14. 
N. 
... 
71141.161. 
1•10CATtACCOPOIPC 
MUMS - mit Oaa 
iootar -crown", 
Oat. 01•0.0. Scan swt 
o 
N'A 
4. 
N. 
.. 
720,21.1421 
NOCAT.I01EC000•00 
MUMS - swims.. 
ma obearcin0 :pay • as 
La sem art. 
WA 
nw 
no 
no 
71741.10. 
r. eft•n*telial Coo/ 
gyArt.11.0Vn. C.... • 
al 
ea 
10.1310 
Na 
.0 
no 
n• 
TV.Ii.031 
,,,,,,, . ri..a.n. 
0s.int - C me. agar 
0s.0* - swim a Se 
Sawn la Cadres,.
' 
Ceralla, a T. Ma. 
IM. PealPow 
,. 
N'A 
K. 
v. 
WI 
re141.1.31 
060CAT•0311(0)1, 0040 
mums - ann.. MOW 
Han'. Conant flown 
Cal. raCn Sewn 
00, W sa Dab.. la hid 
Oird ily an Pninn 
WA 
Cu 
.. 
WI 
PP41,1411 
NOrAirtanCOpOnG 
femur mums.. 
roA.N.AoSson,
Assaard 0 401.101. 
NA 
14. 
Nu 
K. 
r/J41.103. 
VAS. 
Wag.* , Cor0c *OM* 
WA.nuenewcw• 
Inuit.. O
sces 
Corson unman. 
Mace TIN. Pair 
NA 
.1. 
Nu 
WI 
71031.11,13 
FDCntW4cCND.G 
Mums. not mu 
11.0.1•1 SOW, 
ihoecies are. be nit. 
ci. Ie 
win 
NA 
Kv. 
'v. 
EFTA00810980
--- PAGE 48 ---
47.11410. 
socATAKMACOMOC 
trrtlEmi anAA Aar 
9W. MU Ito. CI AV. 
°Ma Gerrard MeV.. 
• Ws A* Coned Da 
WA 
K. 
N0 
pva 
TV4I 403) 
IMICAW.KOIEC01.000 
MUMS - Cniva • 
mos, 
a an AANC wl 
WA 
Ku 
N. 
O• 
7 41.143S 
tYaralkv01410.6 
trW10.1 *Awl.",  DV* 
AMA. Cowwww... 
Oym 
WA 
K. 
NA 
WA 
N414039 
MCCAW." WCIA01-0 
tellue 
C40• 44I•C.404 
/ 1.• trIllifta d Me 
liall•CHIS SI In00110 
WA 
,10
0°
pva 
r0414.05 
1,00A0,40“00
1W0 
Verne 
:•••••1010.. 
00 0.., 
bravo. 
WYWaynoW
tonn 
1M.W.0 
046. rein 
"noµ-M.M✓n 
0.0. 4(4°mi...sum* 
Cron roar 
WA 
Ku
nu 
NIA 
72/01440 
MOCATW,WW01.00.0 
WelOw Cc...,. 0 '01 
:swim - •en. no catall 
Omar Ceara Oliadv ill 
a taw *was Oa 
WA 
pv., 
pv. 
W1414.41 
Neva.* 
. RECOODA0 
trilOw cony, NA, 
WA. sturila 0 
/*ea rang 
Oltd
rase ruin 
o 
WA 
N0 
vs 
TP.314.0 
MOICAT003. 1WOOD.W. 
Sr title 
AO* NO 
Awn* %Oro • ...Aar 
IM.W004010 ,4.04. 
Alco00 
TOW* 
NA 
N' 
, 
MOM 
Caws amnia PnwAn 
Sewn tOOR 
IP 41.1.0 
1.0CATNORECONWO 
SYMMS - Cornal CW. 
:V.^ - COn*Ownres 
Caving*, Sonny 
on 
WA 
0°
n•
1.1110.0-0.1.0:qm 
TPJIWM 
AOCATtiLIWCOPONG 
trWl00, Cc...,, 0.01 
%Mr. mutat. 
Con, 0•04 lintwl iv) 
PieW wskap.ve tens., 
0.indaisece,... 
Ccwinia% Satan 
I 
NA 
c 
+. 
, 
7074I-140 
1.0CATPXOWCOPONO 
MVO.'" On ii NOV 
0100 Osp• to 
Ccnrven dor Sown 
/0X,OSINIOtal 
LW i 004 Omnbril 
10.000, Caloasan PPG 
*E•cowswAntom 
On a CA TV mown 
v.reform:0004* 
WA.. 
WA 
Nu 
TPJIW4/ 
1001CA0000CCORO0C 
SYMII42 - Comm 0 00. 
9/A00 00 01r Couto 
liwtre/I4.0
,4* 
DA nes ow Owwsw 
pwromArwww. 
Istooteilint 
WA 
nu 
N.
w 
W1414.0 
No cm nracononG 
trWTOw Canal 0.01 
WAN. twaxot 0~0 
fret...VV....Oran 
/a kairCetv.0...• 
WA 
Ass 
.'a 
w 
EFTA00810981
--- PAGE 49 ---
7001.14.1 
MOCATNORECOP000 
M.00, 
Om.. 
Wan ono. 
a 
Seaton to.* no 
'nun Cownscsent 
tano ei an 14.1‘1 
inownCennekalcn. 
tisane 
Lt.C.ormall 
WA 
mx 
TYJI INS 
110CATICOSCOPOnG 
SYMIC Corm, Def.• 
61.4. 
arias OW. 
IR.O.rescosse0fe 
W 
Na 
.1. 
Nu 
VA 
rroal 1144 
MDCA/HC.F.PC0a2.ING 
SYSTO•S news 
tab.. 
el an.004 7.4 
1.01.10.. e•nr v. 
Na 
bk. 
mu 
NA 
Mal Ile 
MCAT Pr...*“..01.2. 
MTEW, C,..., Dig.. 
91An levillrtn ,
Cane 0.31. en.. a) 
040.1.. F... 
Na 
11%. 
KO 
NA 
?nal IN. 
1.10CAINGICCOAD.ING 
M.E.I 
Cann Dig.; 
tWn ...In.,' 
Corr O.*" On.. a) 
yereara 
Na 
,04 
n+.4 
Pa 
TYJI IN) 
INWAY.1. ....:0.00.1 
tr.I.E.3 Cann 0•1.• 
Wan O.. 
Cann 
Clini Wt. , tOtip 
MOW Cc... 
the 
IOC Vi Opine*. Ont., 
CalwecnIOPCISIva 
fan 
Na 
M. 
NU 
N. 
71/01.1400 
MCCATPCOCCOROING 
MUMS Cornx, 04t• 
'Wan Or. 
0. to. 
net Pavnive Wan.. 
P II
W4 Cona*Pen.) 
S
ONrlitipili" 
Dap. inliOneLlas 
wart.. 
Na 
Nu 
71/01.14.H 
MOCATMOIEC01.000 
SYSTO•S Os•Ladal 
ni Agadir* Spi... • 
Avec.. 
a On knee 
li*Mcdosal•Olonit. 
&toted 00/0 OAS 
WA 
Nn 
nu. 
Nu 
7001.10.1 
MOICATNOVICORONO 
Canyaluptto Solon • 
tabs:nano 
Mon 
CcentaDoasS00. 
Alt 
N'A 
Nu 
Nu 
"'ohm, 
140CAINCOACORONG 
MUMS Cowin MO. 
Wan 0..1001.. 
o 
Na 
to 
Nu 
Pku. 
TYJI IVO 
MOCAT Pr...*C01.00.0 
MUMS Cann 0.09 
Zanr Q.t. 2 
unwind 
Car
,..n edi 
rya -C.... 
[con. 
Wan 1.0. 
Na 
N. 
717.01.16.4 
MDCA/H41.1COPOING 
MUMS 
Cant, 
04.• 
Wan 0.p•OWn.in 
Clig.teerr t 
Alit 
Pron. 
al
 Caviar 
WO.. Oar, 
Na 
N. 
N. 
PUN 
Mal WU 
NOCA/H41.1COPOING 
SYSTO•S CanTD.C.I. 
Zan COWIE ono. 
Na 
.40 
KO 
KM 
7001.14.0 
MOCATNOMECO0.0 
!WOO Wvi,Digaat 
Yon • ell wan.* 
reitOsttinuat. 
Ala 
WA 
N. 
MI 
VA 
72001.90. 
P1OCAINGICCOAD.ING 
SYSTO•S Cann MOW 
Yon antra tiAn 
Co..., 0,34,0Atr. 
=OP OS" (4.00. ../i4 
*EV, C.........n. 
Coign...10K 1 Sna. 
. C. las Ookni 
WA 
VS. 
MI 
PUN 
EFTA00810982
--- PAGE 50 ---
.1041 in 
NOCA.N3A(COFS0043 
tr41043 OO.v.OM, 
Lw- Onsonno. 
NA 
410 
.144 
Ars 
71.7.31.1.7, 
M04.W11ECMC.4 
tc4.0.3 down 
NAN. OnoOldwa 
ran 
I 
Na 
KA 
NO 
n.s
737.3.4.33 
siOCATALlitCOAD MG 
SYSTAIAS 0.414Leitis, 
0401•44.44444aSylkw• PM 
1.0.10, PASS. Bait AV 
inn du Lon 
9444.0.0.1 
NA 
nn 
NA 
pAs 
RJ4Ilta 
140CA4104440.4.0000.0 
:VW. 
W5,04 Can., 
04010 
INA* wr..,0
law 0.0 ra 44 Toc,LIA 
Na 
MA 
MN Nil 
M0Ke114M[CpOW 
SAATt14 teem, OAS, 
AVA.A.. ••-•wa a 
torAnnl I LAC. 
.4.40940.1040 AA= 
Merle RM., 
Na 
.4. 
.04 
710.31 1M 
110CAINGFICCODOIC 
MAW Wanda, 
940. 0 04•Apt V040.4 
Na 
140 
A0 
A• 
Mal lea 
1101fArrYstitC000•C 
VYSTOI any>. 
4YA... *tato o 
001,140.4.4.4.40044* 
f as* 
NA 
.4. 
0.4 
A• 
711.21.140.11 
140CATACOSCOPO•C 
MUMS Corm, Ogee 
SW • 0 *OW 1 CCM. 
0404 9I40.00404. 11 
..4444.044•441Co•pir 
Sit.4.041....4 
o 
Na 
.... 
n. 
.4A 
4114I Mil 
M0CAt1G4CCP01G 
MIAMS Amy. 
Mak. op WA IN4n 
1.64.44.414.4.0rea town 
CospainnoNCNO 
Anent ennned. 
P.m.. 
I 
N'A 
.40 
N0 
r041 ME 
140CA/ eltdIACOFIOAL 
MUSS Car Ay. 0.4.041 
.....% Onnanr.r. 
asp, aw«..✓00. 
14•400.0410.4.4• 
Na 
.4. 
N. 
A.... 
71/41.14•3 
4.04.410434.“0.0.43 
trflane Conn 0n/ 
Nan anneal 
Mita StalleaCtOV 
ran 
Na 
.40. 
.04 
PVA 
72.7.01.1404 
NO [ATM 1 
RAC.0001.14:VSICIC 
fleet 0.11.4 Rion. Spa., 
1444444..0 el ?.• Opt 
44010.4•44.44.444A414 
0.00.4414/10414A4444444 
Na 
in 
4.0 
PVA 
71/431487 
NONA.NNINO:00.4 
trNTON Ands. 
Ann3r0a. One 
44010.4.4 eAso An VII 
NA 
AA 
n. 
N.A 
71701.1484 
NDCAt1CgCCPDMO 
M444. era* 044.0.. 
BAd. Ont...don: 
Its. 
Na 
in 
nu 
71/41.101 
AntannEC01.0.10 
Zinn 
asp 0s 
lAceal• Solmn • 0.01.41 
nes Oa bye Ian Itill 
Ilatelimei 
N'A 
in 
M. 
n. 
31341 Nes 
MOCAtOG1lCCAOK 
MI.043 M•nDµy 
6Wn Ons•dens 
Na 
FS% 
104 
VA 
71741.10.1 
NOCAINGINCOPONG 
Zinn ConasOns. 
14•300 0.4$ 00~4 
NA 
14.Y. 
PM 
WA 
4741 ISO 
MOCAt1GgCCPOK 
MUMS ...tog* 
lAceal• 0/41•1,  A1.7 
po
trent.n. 
Na 
.40 
AM 
VA 
717.31.10.4 
NOCATAGICCOPONG 
SYSTEM Cernanun. 
0000 0.10•00.4... 
NA 
4.0. 
VA 
VA 
EFTA00810983
--- PAGE 51 ---
72/41.0•4 
NOCArt03. 01ECOADMO 
vn,€.ei
 0.0Loaki. 
inOwinin, SM. 
94olleare el r•Anen 
Oa la 
Atill wino. 
Penn On Lonop (PCI.) 
era • Iv RI Prat 
N A 
•
k a 
VA 
Wal NV 
MOICATPORECOP000 
vv lOgi C4nIki•C•Wa. 
61.... Ovipt/Oing.. 
WA 
w. 
PO 
NA 
72/4110W 
SD €M3 
CA/POREC000.60 
M
 Aglicdle 
AmoGpSIA... 
Mpg.. a Cputnes 
Oa Mae desollee gen 
lama 0.3•010, do 
psis...a 
Na 
X% 
WA 
VA 
Mal MS 
INIMMTIGN F
. 
MatipowtterN• 
.11 
WA.. 0.0 
CM
sylim 
Oatibbsc ap
tun 00.0 UM m14414 
Na 
.1 . 
nt. 
W. 
72/ 411.110 
Cdan6KCOADM6 
tr4T0•3 cc..... oar 
Ospl•Oense 
Feta. 
WA
WA 
Nu 
n.
SW.. 
MOH Al 
ADICATIC.A13 
IIICOODPIGSVSICMS 
Cars. Wax Sow, 
....0a04A FigIt 
Ms god trt Cowesen 
b...C. 0 0 ., ...1 
N A 
PIM 
nu 
n.
fd‘t 
Mal IN. 
OIDICATeCalitCPIDMG 
wmms can ,0 4,,, 
sw , 
* set, s o,,, 
Irir.r 
WA 
WA 
PO 
ova 
TYJI IPS 
"OICATMAECOADMI, 
MVO., *Ann NO* 
6W.. Orr 00ton: 
Pr am 
N'A 
*SS 
MI 
pv. 
72/41.1154 
stotatvcsomaiDim 
MTN', ...wan 
WOWS', VI %AVMS WS 
N A 
X% 
nu 
IVA 
"SP41 IN) 
e
°r . S .
OCATeGnICVIDNG 
SY:T
•S Conn, Dap. 
Ssain. *op Vona 
fun 
Na 
10% 
nu 
vs 
73.741.1 154 
P1OCAINCOCCOODING 
San W. Octane 
01•MactOr 
UN,. Sift 
ireOVI 
et.  
Mg**.
tflatkonbantra 
NOsare 
. 
Na 
PO 
WA 
ma1.11O 
MOICATPIAECC*0•4 
MVO., ...i n 
Wologikera MAD Pal 
e.y. A, w.........9,.... 
Lapilli. WOK MO 
m. , fit 41..0.1,14 
IXESSea 
o 
WA 
nx 
PO 
WA 
727.31.17.8 
-010CATKACC0110.14 
SY:TO•S Conn, MA* 
...m.o.. 
k 
Pass °Ora .eara. 
Na 
10% 
V. 
n.
6W.. 
Wal 1111 
-010CATINGICCORDPIG 
sniats can , Ds". 
Zan. • et Sans. 0 
Owe* Waal a.... 
Na 
*SS 
Mu 
w. 
TYJI Olt 
MDCATHCOKCCoOnG 
SY:TO•S Can Cisibir 
Ssain. *op Sontag 
rag.. 
Na 
,0% 
Mu 
vs 
'volIn) 
Ii4v Om iCe4 iv. 
Yauxmortea.p.t• 
6W.. O..»nOfe 
Youonei Cowie 
Yarn Cain. 00. 
14.0+.44a. Ilm 
in ib rae° Stroin. 
IlsoMale µIn Eniint• 
Vnin MUM Paen tAuk 
Tf•sIeti 
I 
Na 
*SS 
Mu 
vs 
EFTA00810984
--- PAGE 52 ---
TP.314,0 
ND ICATeCaltCOOD PIG 
MUMS • Rg• MU 
Mario Spun •D olid 
nits Oa tocquilen we 
ICRIAlliOuetArau 
PICWIN a:AMAIN 0 
L.4000.0.0 0,41104‘404 
Nisei0000*d 
CYO
WA 
nu 
nu 
To3,21-010 
ATeCOSCOOD MD 
SIST616 • Cern:rayon 
SYS4.•0.0•••00:41 
CNN. 
WA 
nu 
pc . 
Wal -I NI 
NOICATIOPECOP000 
vnT€.e (kny..,  Oro* 
Spy" OS. Els0.04 
NW .1014,/t OM...AV 
On* Fon. to Pne, 
Nis Cliol4014.04^ 
04N. as Ow a 
Usfor 
Oleo rani 
Na 
nu 
PV4
Wall*/ 
ICATOOPECOD NO 
SnliMe c,,,,. 
WA. unit...0 Se 
VINS•enreamsa Inevua 
WA 
nu 
nu 
727.01.112.1 
MOICATPORECOP000 
tnevEnt 0..,,O,, 
SW.. 61•11.1A.0 
C.k" rte.
WA 
,,, 
nu 
nu 
mann. 
MICATNCIAGO140141 
MI00, Chliblean 
r0.4•4,1•13Syile• • 
lac*,. C.. 
. 
0,4e, k 
7..0w.. t 
nu. 
Ilduersclorwdwo 
CrNacal *name se 
ad" 
WA 
+•., • 
PM 
WA
7270I.170) 
NO CATINGINCOOD PIG 
SYMMS - Ccarn Cisst• 
%Mr^ 0.... Owns, 
RV. riOnt6W4, 46,1, 
0.04, ion.. to Pena, 
FISH COpUecnipswfr 
Clqp ens 0.• we Usfor 
[rearm. 
WA 
11A 
, 
, 
TIMIIAL112 
MOICAT N3 . FIECOPONIN 
SYMMS -Malawi.. 
SS...m-14,1 1nm ci t. 
4b1,Ati lap Yen. 
swam,  T.,. 
OFOtinit. any 
fkily•Lt144 
10I1026 
OS 
On - SNIT 14 WM I. ON. 
RP • MOWS wok "amid 
hi -014209 
pi NNW 
CM
IC040:61.0/e00:433,1• 
zo 
Ten •teorn sivwei Wren, ten 
nsain4a44“slovers twat 
ia 
rar4 min. 
711.2)110 
aDICATIK)4,0 
INCOODNGSVMCVIS • 
Car. 040. Solo, . 
v., o.,s0, 
i 
WA 
IW 
, 
, 
mozint 
flIgratit .4-
flee Oes ElKlavt 
.41rre* 0.4.Coins.. 
WA O. Ann," I. 4trt” l 
SA 
Moat. is• waling 
214 
72702.0•5 
commas, 4,.. 
It ette Gait At uati* 
Roplitan 
I 
WA 
ACM - •2107 
Si • No nano. 
nano. • Spoil MUM) 
AMIN. 
NI uccuSIar4,4 
nts 
72/40,1341 
10.00.00EAFI , Won 
gni, NS.. INS 
WA 
NON401.1 
', woo 11.4.14.0.We4s0min 
taw" KO 
nt. 
$11 OW - IC.75” 1/ CM., I. 
IVO 
727.0.13t2 
LMO•Lata • WM 
LireteGNIS%Ml 
a 
2S 
CW • Ce24µ4 
RI OW a IlIA NIO 
I4 NM fel. 31541 
370.143440 
14 owl 
moralist.. 
117.20130 
i gitgai
, Pomo 
eV wino , Min ;Aron 
0. 0,....,....„., 
Paixs-driti 
. 
I 
1114011a 
ill 
,,,,,, 
o n. Sul 
"SMUG, 
WWto Ow 
dei.n.n, %%W WA 
N.M../ r.., 
...Ate,. 
4,,,- ,
ea5 
WA CA -yrs.") 
A. 
Po, .31NOOl0 
P,n nano 
n741.1332 
waif,* otAm .... 
0• 0 
r.'. 
sinow• • 
60,... 4 "
. "
GO. 
bawl Pa 
INV 
If 
MCorp, nn 
nalm40447.014.0 
54arveiviii 
rapal ma*, 
71741.1241 
1.010W0060 • &Mal • 
V*N140100 ~ken Is 
to NerLirele0 Cr 
awn. Car aS Dee 
NEM 
I 
IN OP 
If 
swam. 
...Cahn Carrel.• Vey 
aware; gen re 
trn Its re nag 
W...... 
Po. 
Ai Ow- Acww m an., I.
I4/0 
EFTA00810985
--- PAGE 53 ---
72/43.13U 
LOIOWCGOAA • Now 
Leers Geo -0..0 to 
wywystasays cwt. 
i 
411,16 
y 
WAWA' 
taw. • Woo infrow iwo 
nrorownsal Mesta. 
WA 
M OW - W.TAW II CM, L 
WIO 
TYSA IN. 
LOWNGOCAP • WAn Gars 
AV 03Y.• WI anvil 
Ws Lawin)000 Own.,
IWO/ Aset.WWWS 
AV $4•01.0400,4 
I 
? 
T 
WI OW - ii029WH COW L 
ISM 
W0P.WW1 
WA 
TYSIWP 
WIDDLO4R • Min 
IN. Gait Cereal W 
AWN kw AWN, Odakt 
0_ 
SW** 
WOIAAPOG 114WINWit 
b 
T 
;LAE, XI: tAA, 
MOM> 
Martin Wpm, 
rawoewn 
TPSIP4 
LAWOW0060 • Wm 
Awes Gaw• Fawns 
„ L. , n w n I p 41 lawn 
ripsaw. 
T 
OPOW-191, x.011.13 L 
We 
Sew. re wykals 
wYWOOL rata at, ift, wa 
331A3WW0 
krwAllwww knows. w 
wee wri w•Wri Swill 
WA 
...Wows 
TYSON 
LOIOICGT.AW Min Wm 
A40.P. NW ON.. 
A au ( AmOw • Saw, 
ino AAA i KAW. P. 
WWW RapAR4wW 
I 
1,3 
T 
POW - Ann 
Pk 4170* L 
isT) 
AI -..ww•W 
Wend 
Ru 
WWW03AWD 
WwWWWW0 
WSW*. 
DAOT09n. ma 
inn oas Ede., ari 
/41,46. Ow WO 
Ana % ?Anita Suit 
1, 
T 
OW -4003 il WW1 L 
WV
/MUM 
Hen • uB4.N a.WI 
WA 
137.33.14.1
W. 
LAXOnG0tAll • Win 
LI/W. 0W Wacrw 
•all 
Wwpwn OW•ww 
....W.A./ 
I
WA 
WA 
WA 
737.2W WM 
LAADAZOtAll• Wis. 
we Ikea • Pay Sm. 
Www ws Yaws NI 
Mwahlkon Cwt. 
BIM 04 Wise 
3.: 
WCeryry On 
WJAMICh 
(02.44w W. 
',Mies*. 
72/434410 
LAXOCOODAr Woo 
LOW, OA, WA. en* 
ed wawnw Ain, 
Wiwi*,  WPW N 
Welalm 
IAA 
.:4C 
I 
"bow,. L. 
110 
ON HOS A 
WwWWwW0 
WAW32144
3i 
LOIONCGT.AW Cerny 
wel AWarta• Ma Unatl 
fu Reit Mat 
Owen. A•Www* 
I 
T 
Abtowly Two 
ti.. 
W .1WWWW0 
WIIWWWWO 
700004422 
LO$004)0(AA €4•144 
WORioneke. Card 
0010.)4000•00.1.11 
Oannwilesawnwl WA 
ROPIea•I 
ILL 
PbC.00 nr. 
Allum II 
a VO*000•11C0•101 
urea onsawsw 
wo4 mai. 
73303.1433 
LAS0000EAV WAN. 
NO4s. 04ww.81.0 
Draw sal %%wag At 
00000, C.•<<^e.....2 
syn. w :AY AZAWaya 
:y... 
WC4µ Ora 
illy.. /I 
w w wwwwww•CW•Wron RAW Away 
WW3O.04 
LOWING UAW • twin 
muds flown.. 
Ay... Ins WY.* Aw 
Owlet Sward WW•is 
•00.00a wWW$ 
0..4. fl own. *3 WA 
tr• Yr in. 
I 
WA 
Nu 
wa 
737424.41 
LAM 'COW. • Onto 
•Al Awn.. Haw 
Lwow Ow Pena 
tam CreAws 
RSA. ," 
i 
wOrpows 
Dow* rig:Wove 
'Moony twat 
5443, 
f mower KO wow wftwinwi 
...Wm, %OA 
Maine., 
WI.321.4s 
LOIOWCGT.AW WNW. 
in) &We re...No.81W 
Wow at Ws* MA 
OW*0 OKAY LWOW W4 
WPW*13, WWW3 OSA* 
WA 
w 
WA 
WA 
717034441 
WIOALG4R.S 
I3. 
les•WwWwwg Swan 
Weir •ACAnonnt 
Owl. 
. 
N^. 
Atnatey WO WY &WO 
/*won WY ARO MI WAr 
YON ItT Ord wie yA.WW. 
10.0.0000.0, 00P0 It*. 
wwWe 
WWI laid A 
Ann •WwWO 
W1‘32140 
LMONCGtAll . Cower 
inst.-no woo 
(WPWV10:0•0 MyAW0 
04,01$ M. 1,0*. 
040•000r1 
I 
a* 
won"
 OR 
IROVIMI0 
Win • WM.., w•Aw Os. 
0000.040.401.041 
newest. 
WW321444 
tIl100000(00 • twin 
nyof Van Ann OM 
Pan Ws440441wwne. 
W 
En Iwwwwi 
is wcs
, i 
32-033 
WAS 
Sw Howw•ILI 31[2311.31. 
WO MOW. 
Win 0030%0 
EFTA00810986
--- PAGE 54 ---
re.lranto 
VAPCPIA3 °FAA us. 
Lecw•Ga nnon1 v. 
Ai lsona+OnAtowaipe 
i.....,r4Ovnar 
... 
?co. 
Ft 
w11e WCIPPAIACIACE 
PIPPIC.W In al Zrt 
PI APZI Mt MP 
PAR JO VilatICPALOALC 
*PI CWAIOCT MG 
.1 (041.10L 340 
NeXT WE VAOPI ZCII. 
_... 
—.. 
Mann RCM 
Mule.Olin...M.V La PM 
le MGRS PACr.Of •pi 
("wt. 
flet,c00.43 
Ms tAVICATEO 
fOl1a0,000/4, 11 
Mule•ONIIVISZY La 
SCROCCOUUSTI171742- 
Me Ott PM 3 • WM( 
...004C I AS SCOOPED NO 
Differ, .0rED 
'ANIMA...2. 
• K., 00.114W).. 
• trbeetiS a 
'-' 
. 
...- .41.1oWut Pa tw 
• ‘• w in OA ....,.1 
wrnua 
,,•.,.. 
% .mu.* 
MuRbatanfMaord 
relleenoriwUrvae• 
As/ costa 
717.20141: 
LAMM CAAA•WAiwil 
talk** • MO, tree 
Ow :owl sing al 
lismal*todusGxerch 
Cat,  
eon iraPsei 
m Immam 8. ar 
mans.* 
WA 
WA 
, 
, 
71/02, 14111 
LOIONGGCM• T.Ot MI 
MIMI . MO Leas. Csmit 
RSP* ins A Vas
t 
Sus:nes AwAnwm 
Arno CADA how 
WA 
bos 
nu 
pv. 
ISMIOI 
LOIONGGLUI• Nn MI 
A
Inoil• • tanlvalaa Cs 
Amoy r magas. 
Daleicnts OtimaVen 
141•14•449/10n0 
Cabin BA* 
Na 
MS 
Nu 
WA 
MCC,.
ISM? WI 
1.4X0MGCAll• Mama 
eat • Olga Win 
trete. 
445 lira 
:mow ameba nan 
Anse Una° Wo 
Ant. bwalA WAWA 
(Ands 'NIA ea Rohm a 
Ofttlt tosCorican 
wAONSOVA Ws. 
LAW, ONWAso 
) 9.• 
a m lacers 
tarns
0.....4. 
....r....kt.calt 
rasa-ow 
. 
WA 
AA 
W. 
WA 
WA 
nx 
nu 
iv* 
WS IQ: 
VAMP...GAGA trier. 
•Nei Cul:al...van 
lawny..114a$M..11 
brochw PA Aswo 
Ma/O) Peat 
Na 
NA 
N. 
VA 
PRSI1444 
LMOICOtta • Linty 
Lae • iralibilortel Mr 
ovum umw AA,
OAAIO•ww-finver 
WA 
Ku 
N. 
VA 
EFTA00810987
--- PAGE 55 ---
717414401 
1.410•LOCAA•Ildn al 
MPI•laidPopear Lirdr• 
ON SePap•NP• 
P400001/i00110 COMO/ 
Seelde P.M... Noe 
vamp., 
I 
P010.14 
HA 1
.......... 
0,0.0  2. CONFI0 i 
PCV 'GAY -CGIPMS 
H PIT O> 
l at: 
....adorn. 
wkastritlAftweatiii.w. 
InorvimellitsiliMMe• 
inatt4.114COirm roots 
neat liden*Pilag.....P..• 
p 
peseene..n.. 
tnecorowsnri.OPP•Ppr.“ 
pperoneasmen.-- . 
pp. Ix ..op pnr • - 
. 
p...mpersuerits..6..... 
4.0P.P4p. : •. 
...
tip.opneemmt,pe , 
- • 
eins. %pane op, .. . 
....... 
.., 
2.....,..... 
. 
,................. .. 
”...,....
.. 
...,,........in,.., 
PA pa(Owai.P.. 
setortenrs(0vr. , • - 
.40.1n .14.3 4 ,.. . • .. 
72, asou 
LIXOPC-GtAll• That we 
Mg* 
CP.P.T.P.A• 
Tairw 
in 
P 
Na 
no 
n .
•wwww...... 
72,02.1480 
laliDeC41,74 -11.0 ite 
o 
WA 
,, 
, 
, 
roteLuna 
stomp, 
1.4•M reaatsison 
tivn IWAY, Paesa. s. 
roamI s.4, 
ral<SOW 
1.4X0MG.t.alt - n.. ite 
Mods Ra4ae.pno, 
WhoptiVel tiorSas. 
Up. Fen, inset. 
al 4111...• Oinks Ton 
wileplOtpl 0...w TY. 
WA 
n. 
no 
N. 
113.1204t, 
IMO.° Offift /1••• ire 
OPUS CP•p•TP.I,
irtaa mild.. meal 
weeny ilig0ParS 
I
WA 
PP 
Ps.4 
VA 
71702.0.1 
1.4)10PCGLIA•Lpi4.4 
Oa 
olislik.0 Noe 
alpea• 
P Il.flyesa. 
0..40apILP6trenwpf 
. 
WA 
n . 
no 
no 
N.121442 
4210000601• !padre 
Wasp • 110/004,in 
PrelveOpir OS PO 
Mae. 71.nralt 4•3 Pa 
Claw TIvanaernp. 
Ont. ln Calpaprsiest 
N'A 
K. 
no 
”1.320140 
PAP0•406.11• tmnfr we 
nawn Raplanittli 
Tie POW•00,00*.y. 
basil Worn. 
0020 
Pant is 14350Pona 
WA 
P.P. 
Ps.4 
P.,.. 
TEMPO. 
1.0,01.0060 -VA.* 
Ina.** 
-Alia(01•1001 
kW, Min Yap OPP 
Camara wow.* 
at sir Ikea :IVAN-
WA 
PP 
POP 
VA 
7,742-1
primifil; 
- $ 141.1 
a
WA 
.. 
, 
, 
NS PM 
us 
- t.. we 
nods • C4.1:011•PPSIMP 
Wannilepefingt01 
Son.V.0:01.not• so 
152000 Pants 
PIA 
K+ 
mu 
vs 
Plflallill 
LIXOPL-4411• twain 
Whoa •Cion•Meaw. 
Tavel Wettlen.1261,0 
Pon* b wafAorans. 
.qMona loi WWI 
Mon.= 
Poe..• b 
we') 'v.v. 
o 
WA 
nu 
vs 
EFTA00810988
--- PAGE 56 ---
727.2.0.8 
tva0000t01 
Lowe 
Alois Raptioo0 
N KA Poly 
To 
N.M.)... 
Dome Tr. 
NA 
ii,‘ 
Au 
RY 
14, 421M 
OR0.406R 
W.A. 
f  &AO 
jug/ 
ANNNNITO 
•A Portal 
I 
NA 
O. 
PO 
NA 
TPADobn 
IAPIORGGIAR• m..0 
Atm. • Win Ural 
4.i. 
An 1....e.DANO•Coe 
Coto Fain 
ANI•cai 
So no fan Ikaibl I' re 
r04.1•00ops 
o 
Na 
Ao" 
nu 
NA 
Mat ISO 
VADFOOEAR Nan 
Os 
tvo libOvoo 
C.O8.41.14ti 
WaRvortOOk AV 
Paso. 
Na 
O. 
Nu 
w• 
ISMS) 
tAXONG.GtM• lir 
ord 
Waif 
C•stelo ham 
Noy. 
Tao Maya 
Nn Ni/.01Voli 
lo 
name.... 
Na 
.1. 
N. 
VS 
NMI*. 
NA0ANArati • Twin 
moot • Ctnan Toon 
titan 
?Sanwa, 
to , ri,»)Mon 
b 
P. . 
NA 
O. 
N. 
vs 
Wan*. 
4,6• 
• 
•154LAft .... 
La...4... 
Run 
P.a.,. 
a nays& 
Wres”..10....
.O 
nareonl I 141,Caly 
' 
1•• 
o 
Na 
M. 
N. 
.. 
NP.IINO 
tASOV-04(AR ho a0 
-Si.. 
YONdoce 
:twig"... 
MAYON 
Gaa'ASedliavi•proatt 
Ts. 
n DIM Mai 71.04 
N'A 
.4. 
NU 
WA 
72NOISNI 
ltI
t3EAR 
r W..% 
/V&A* 
ram...pion... 
No LYON 00•Cat.r. 
Dion AN Moil .51. 
Da 
soil Ver.A. 
. 
Na 
VA 
Au
Au 
TITAANA1 
LOOINCGDA • tin. 
Woo ROA. I.v. 
tativ•Ova NoNt. ins 
..... a •.4.7, 
NA 
TA 
Au 
IVA 
7.3.IIIIN 
1../10InCGOA • Woo. 
aalleto 
• GOA 
TiVerp 
kart 
Panhel 
Na 
PO 
WA
TV SIMS 
IMOINIGEAR • man 
USW) I., NE•inies sof 
hewn> - W..* 
Out 
Poo•O'n• 
Oy.rw..0./w 
o 
o 
T 
OW tCCIN2115 
.1 NOON. NU 
no ....Win 
n is... bow 
Dv, a 
wo n entai 
alga 
egaiwinnumill 
o 
AAA 
*Mrs
, Hann .
1/4 ••••••• 
1.09•t• es1 *re ,001.0•00 
/WM. De OvViall Mawr 
Irim.V4.0afrano•stle 
Pin, Inf %It Et/run. 
riLiaVaen InTa••••0 
••n•ott 
res/ ...pt.,. 
Mu 
WA 
1./.. 
Na 
NM. 
tmOn006 1A • n••••• 
loss 
tiel•SON. 
ono to...1.1..• 
AN.o/vReoecoal 
N'A 
AN 
Au 
.. 
Nato 
tra0T44601 T.M./ 
Waif 
11•01Re.., / 
a S KA Donor Te Mr 
ANN NooTorim 5 KA 
Mole 
MAdroj Inv 
olio 
loop r.... 
N.. 
ANNA °NAN. 
at" 
NA 
AN 
Au 
.. 
TAA<SAILI 
‘TADA0460T !moo 
....0 
13/4 ~0111{. 
II* •• MA LINA. ON lo. 
o
.. 
Anon Opmallo 
g"
o 
NA 
AM 
nu 
, 
ROSIN) 
LTAOTALIAA No We 
....0 
Rapyroott. 
IN. gr. 1,OUOvi 
Co N 
M. 
An*. 0.....1 
ave. 
Na 
r.M 
PO 
.. 
EFTA00810989
--- PAGE 57 ---
72/014043 
1.431000.40.0 • 
ArGood Sown • 
Agee inn drawee, 
istfltaarrici In 
ICOLUt 
X0147-10 
AO 44,4 
kWh 
T 
OW • 10101% DO • LW. 
PVA 
72/030011 
MO. 
fan 
A•41,0 
0009 -0. 4 O00.0.02
T 
34,Conpl, Ors 
kw ow.. 
ryeal mai. 
7$14301030 
L.C44135 - 0•44.330 
Unprne (Wu - 
TM 
Mau Or 1 IINAL A
Canon 
. 
°Awl •031.04, whose,/ 
040.603. 00 00000 On 
"0.4 Iv volute 0.000. 
WA 
,131046330t0 
0011100330t0 
7123.1003 
LOOS - Man Om we 
1140 5•400 Tea G004 
as W00.0•030. 
S 
30X.00 Ill 
T 
MIL 
0/4 1........03 
0.00.3 0,00,0 5 .00 
'00.00.0  0000
%X 
..301430.04,13 
PO 01430.01,0 
0001•011 
303100 • 31.3400.11•01 
0.000 100• 040
041•13iree• owl 
4400• 0002 
3310  0 0? 
W 
FO0 1 VA CO:00,15
H 30140 
l a33
l "..‘ 
..
4r
•V y,
,.. 
str
100114:0004 30 At01,3400 
304,10444000 
3.004.0 OlCc• IC00011 
2334130340 
.s...00. • 101 
t.......4.042 
rams.. 
03.1430143 
LOOS • Yoe. Palen 
0004 • lay 40.3 ;mica 
.4. TO Sot . iv, ea 
an 2 as. 
. 
NA 
..v. 
na 
au 
71230101 
1.041, teaear. 
Leer, 30/4 - 0.003....4 
02100/00 talmt...t0 
eV Vel0 Orn10.0 
03011•011•0 
004.1410.042 
0001030.040 
043. 1114 
LCKTS - I' at .0.0420.W 
03000 100 4 - Waa 
0013•0 
OM) I 
0.0.0,..“ .00.••••0 01 
143.4.............m.•••• 
3.• tow 04. Wyny n 4 a al 
00wteneets14•44 
.0..4•nieneDin0.00 
syy r• tie portytneyuy 4 
01,..... sr 0..4 00 31 
0•00. /Amy 0 2.•0 1,0110 
We 
0,06•300:0 10 41 034 AD 
ziOlA 4440.04043 
eliany.0.• 
0040 
i• inch sus ma no 
1300.14M 
114.30:0110.4 P•0330 
, 
WA 
• 0 
WU liX.4 
0...044.1,10.0..0 
VA 
WS. IS) 
„..,,,,,,,,, 
e.,„ 
1400,0•200.004• 
40. - :01000034nan 
VI03 
T 
• • CW • 01100 
Alt 
WA 
PIC0101300430 
P100143003.0 
7$341, 00 
l00000000 • Mr, 
yeAcy...4 [caw 
0, 4400 A. 040,010044
3,..„,....n  Oats
1031000.0$004in kr. 
3.002 0 • C4 13.0 
WA 00 000.40 .041
0
0010 MORD 
3001430)03.0 
712340301 
liAvOitiCP4 • 001 
14.00,0•01073p.00r 
4400.00 000 OA 000.34 
IntYCAl 
i 
WA N3Corcly Tin 
rt3•11410.0303 
00441000.041. 
727044112 
liPICTICN•1101 
Wayne Unpin • 
0220004.... 
I 
WA Waspy 2n, 
rt3m1410.0303 
00441000040 
712340333 
InVedateN• 11424 
140„.0•20 Caa,
000.0 4 •••• I PI.2 
0054 Wavy. S..4 
WA OW • 02903 
010,00 o 
lyn.30400000•03407.3 
CroAtirti• 
PVA 
037.34 10.14 
li4VOATICN•n40 
03•1• OS Cow Oats 
P0300. (o Row. 
I 
WA 00 0.00/ T041
103 
/WO /MORD 
0001130‘0410 
712301541 
• 10,104•60 00 
600,40 4 10 4 0 Atria 
Kos.. %an 
WA 
• .CW • C.2203 
iii.n.... gin* int 
ltOrel 
I410.2 will.. 
VA 
72/041143 
inIC013004004000 
031400 MAO 
01.*00,4 0 Fil. 
AxtalKen. MO 
0210.60 
W0:400 On 
WA 
003,1410.0300 
NOM MOUND 
00.4. Ha 
IONCA7100 • haaten• 
in Ian, 
34• 
: 044. 0.41. 
04On
00.
2144 O. 
Oast. 
PCn-nr203 
Al r No 00,1•01.000e/ 
0,01 
3C 30 0•04 303
2334•116X40 
lank- Ornwl••••••••3tva IVA 
712341103 
lOYCATICH•holatan• 
• OW WNW. Ira 
1.000000.440A10•01
100010.0flen 
I 
T 
3141024 
byta pass. II 
7123410.1 
„ w ay, 
a
t , 
so IS 0040103 
WA OW .42303 
01410.402 
roan alOia Cs 
7923.4 ILI 
li4VCATICN • 11424 
3,..„,....4 Cower 
Oa.- PVC Sinai 
Oym 
WA OW .6 1903 
PO 01466.442 
.0 0100.34 0 
EFTA00810990
--- PAGE 58 ---
WWI*? 
laVatal. 
samara 
PlarksOanal•ay 
*an 
/40.11,1004ka 
• 
WA OM - mem 
AM 
w).7, .t0inD 
,01310030,30 
rePJUW13 
IWICA7104•310 
1.4a3wineaipar 
fantRairi•Ohla 
A* rwanOWnoo 
firEnCe Poll Ninas• 
I 
WA WON91471,.. 
10.1a11-5fia 
inn• MN pawnor 
Nacos*. 
71034.1087 
141aderal, Nit 
tftwoo.wiCa•N• 
BM.. 1/41,00314
3b/C 
• 
OW.10•03 
. 
Mil0 I- a 
int 
riCiel W OUND 
NO M *Spa. ,
relarla 
ItAVaTICN•laptal 
PonsOolegra • 
3fload&al Pal* 
a env 0,neft. 
Ilaimoveri 
0W-1, 001 
K0 
,OlcrTWOORD 
1.001W3
,30 
Waal 
AWCAT04. Pain 
Oasis, eyon, 
PanNa1011.0.WO 
I30es *On GS, 
/am 
a coerce Pa 
owes Tema 
as 
WA N.Caly Tin 
Mn
WWI fauna. 
piOntotaie 
re141103 
W..04110.4, ROC 
tan.* irria Pa Oaf 
am ay a taro. 
&am 
WA VII - W102 14 1,31190 
M. 
nOlolaialt. 
1.001W30,30 
Ma rla 
Stwala4• Mrs 
Vsuons
pas Arne yaw.* 
RC kitnelp ,0~
1011 
A CAI - t!Ita II 1044 L HO 
All .10 rasa* inn* 
IOW 
WA 
PIOSTWOYAW 
1.0010030,30 
Marla 
fr
,
au an., 
.C...34..AIS 
rues 
wow 
a 
PlOWIWOORD 
1.001 W00%0 
Marla 
WV aTICN H$4 
.4.02.4ert Cavan. 
nes Yr oneCasa 
PCS Anw, Giant 
Asa.,  Lagoa. DM 
fasaCloardlhar 
%Nolo,  satala 
We MPao* 
Oktan 
.M 
T 
Ass 
PWITIMIRD 
Pityilinaat0 
r11.341,0 
InValal 
. RAW 
PP*,
 laoas 
11100~10a41•
MC
134A 
I 
OM- IaC 
1430 1 34* 
.6% 
PlOWIWOORD 
4,1310030,30 
Malan 
tT11
...WM 
1114 lye 
.4.02..2•103.1le On 
(MO.^ qsao 
V. 
• 
WA w..A.
nn 
ee
.
sew ow e new 
Si licannif..4aulen• ammo/
0•10..*•*%•••1
rapalmoSo 
7.144113 
IMVCATIOY• Nano, 
0• a
PnaRr10✓aM 
fewer ittao Min a 
pare 
erten 
Na OM- 40.0 .4 We L012 
.6% 
1.033TWOORD 
1.0IIIWOMO 
TOW Wn 
NAVCATIOY• hien 
recalanac. rain 
004,53. "Moen. 
b 
ansatWara 
ia 
TA oneen• 
es.. ‘00u Are Pe St 
$ 1...ternagl 
Stoll...rale 
PN43:0500,2aMgf0 
PIOSTWOORD 
1.01.1W00,a0 
TOW Pax 
IWICA7104 • Casa 
ream Dowerre • ea 
Twle Grief N10 Sp.* 
fuesieveseto ale 
Ameeeen we Pe AA v• 
• (*nay 
tOnaeo 
PEW, &tag trOaat 
we aUna 
Stag 
As, Pienars 
WA 
1M 
PIOSTWOOMD 
,01310tOia0 
717.3441.4 
itWeATICH , 'kit 
1a2PITteeiNg 
FACOMrsa Loewe* 
AC tefes, Arno*. 
Tsai 000atio• 5•00416.15•4 
$11737-31,110 Sean* 
low 
mOill Muni. 
rquistara 
Waal, 
nevreATKel. At. 
Erwmawaar Am 
Sit Pat e.a 1.49K4e,
edGerati Pa 
Ptak* 
. 
T 
OW 
4141
. TIM) NH 14 VII 
L ail
suAno..0 
i ten•Pnat•nteberita non 
a 
TRW WO 
14Watal• St Dot 
Cala. tohre • 
Ropeires 0 WAS 
1...oari 
a haw 
T 
nTOTWOORD 
1.001 IMMO 
51, 341.1144 
icw0411010 . 40 ledilt 
Cadairia • Omer/ 
netnews seesaw' 
wag a poS•ISeee 
Arran engem 
l 
WA 
%A 
eo 
we 
EFTA00810991
--- PAGE 59 ---
71/4440/S 
WAVCATICN• Mom, oril 
Pun Osior••• • 
trtormiGreal Pm.* 
a itry1syn Corcul• 
>2 
T 
M1OUµ Tin 
WA 
•Oall160Wit. 
MON POUND 
MOONS 
Ml.nr•Wav 'an.) 
X-) 
Won,. 
007•00,0,
to ILIWII 
Wwwwi 
nimat 
M. 
75/44401.8 
ItAlmW00 4 • 0 .0 
W•www0 Caine 
MO WOW,  Wino 
PaCta.00040000; 
i 
Ai 0w ->Z0, 2 K WS I. 
W56 
%.% 
•:••1160Wit. 
IN 
0i0uff 0 
TVW Wel 
IlAVCATICN 
I. 4. Inn 
Ortatwow inns* 
•ww.200.000, 
&WO Ainrwrop ,4 
&Infest Baas. 
Ewww00••••••kyea 
It a • a afloat 
I 
T 
10% 
PgantialiRD 
Pityolitant0 
TRJ41.04 
ItAWY0104 • F•tt 
Yeazorn Cowie 
Sio.- AO...a 
T 
MANZ On 
rat OK 
pv. 
71/4411.2 
tIttr4, 
Yourodunt Cnia• 
*On ltv•lirel NS 
U.I.A0* 
ma mborw 
SW•liCintOrVII in 
iambi a ri•e• Ai 
1trapten Alma rues 
•02 w TWA Lora Ow 
Na 
Dineen gators wi 
nen 1... 
0••••••••miteurnIe 
fa 
. 
ws.
71744t0:4 
• 04
NAVCATICH• Mrs 
...pi. 
[no.. 
 SW.. •••••IA. in 
1/4 "• ,. a . 9...
Nu 
Vskazonn Capi• *Iv 
EA WI Ivan* 
WA 
MA 
nx 
WA 
7103WOW 
WOPTIN • (rtanel 
OvallImartwanyi 
904... On, .4 
-Mao. 
T 
DIM 
rya ml MUM. 
'CM OS0uff 0 
f17.0.fYE 
mytAtier. • 1101 
tircieoriCaipar 
0/00410:8 I.0•Aw 
WA 
0,0
NM 
WA 
717.3•111. 
MWZATIC.1. 4 , NM 
Yoe., OfraphrflUll • &ft 
6%.*Ovrecalovnes• 
aw50. " 
. 
WA 
Sc' 
Sc. 
F. 
7)7.3•5144 
wt./
6TO. • lb'. 
%Wynn Candy 
5Y•On, wiepalelewra• 
%sleetCadet 
Acta. 
T 
P.0411.60uPd D. 
ra.II•10,a4 Cs 
717.3•5554 
14451A/10.4 -1,:es 
%rurl 
47..g.j. 
1,Ins Sy. a A ow.d. 
NEI I 
thrt,,
WA 
, 
n.
I 
TIO.3422, 2 
IMVGATICtr4 -114.8 
Carpi. 
WA 
MUM X.:. ii 
>MCP( 
F. 
%Inn - Owl* r•ti 
WasiwiCaipar 
717.344221 
WV 04101• Woken., 
Ilarthalor OnSII•• 
ma n Da lawn 
Arse Restsmon 
g n/Xvi. 
. 
WA 
WA 
, 
F. 
717.30:03 
WA. 
Parkroolienlia,
V•Id•dannIAganon• 
Caftan. 54••••• 
4plartel visaed 
ItiMplenSISMOnin 
Linn Inin 
T 
• 
wai00.10 
ro e, Veleurentew 101.9• 
(non i Innatioalurt 
mi
IVW0/35 
wvealicH • II/0 
14•6•2•411Cnpa 
0•010.• WI. IA.s.r•II 
Cava. Owalces, 
dun 
 town 
warm 
, 
vs 
T 
OS Ai. Mile 
K Mitt 
WU 
. 
n. 
r. 
en 
Wynn 
Wine or•O•non OW 
,..s• 
0000,00.0•00.,•••••, 7C 
•A•noris• lir new satin 
es,, wro.co•nnuea .... 
vow( rown•a0w6... In( 
00Win0 
W.Ogiali 
W0.0.3401COS 
10Tialt 
717.1113k3 
Iw00.01)00, Omni 
winse)ww, 
V•11•00410.0", 
Aar 
inOubtaar 
Wien 
. 
Na 
I, 
EFTA00810992
--- PAGE 60 ---
474.12411 
g•V04104 saw UT 
040a. ern.. Yoggit, 
tntroffloicn Spay 
Can Pears 
t 
Pe Yaw 
Can 
30.10W 
I 
,.Cge,Ttro 
Ft WIN 0.4.0:. a. 
ta•allt.t h0140A 
0.34.1.01,XLIS-1 
1.54,1112,48.1. 
Intat. i t 
a 
Ir t.1124014.
fa SO. a an of, 
'Was*
,
TV.341544 
WOOS 
itairA/ler. • !WI 
.. .gas a 
ttotteariCalgar 
gl.a.• 
alanigil 
Sa. 
I 
WA 
11%. 
MI 
W. 
IWILtATICH• Ilea la 
lis.,0min. rams, 
Carl, Sael Stan 
CainOonwil 
WA 
%.% 
M. 
Ns 
7170421.1 
KAYCATICH • In Rep. 
gaigAttow ...gel 
Pahurnsttalida 
I 
a 
, CV 1
Wail
II MIRO 
L W 
.0 
P•0•11,0uP, 
rt nattaa 0 
47O4Nn 
inVitAtICH• Ova 
Fong Ws,. Alen. 
Imabilad Oa, 
Minn. inl../Mag 
%tr. 
I 
WA 
i, 
no 
v. 
PRJ•24.1 
INVORTICrt freleAtIt 
•IOCSOnlfirodsC• 
1140beinel el TCAS 
Caw.•• wansTUS 
I 
Na 
Y. 
KO 
Ka 
71,401.114 
tm
a l liegra
; 
M.malaCap.g.,
6YA. tont, 
Als.,•••••at.8.1, 
WA 
SIM 
NU 
71704NI7 
W9000104 bolt 
r.lamots. 
Maa+14 
WM'S. Ta000.1* 
WA 
SIM 
NU 
'vs 
47r sin 
INVC•110.4 Pieta 
wt.. 
mu, 
• Senn 
Rao M kr, 
ad... 
J elSa.
f
WA 
,... 
v . 
v. 
:,71454.11 
IWILtA7104• It On 
toadilLal.0040,•• 
At 0,,
,IIMAint• 
thffitileisteweinlit., 
%Wilk S.10:014•• 
Attars 
C. , •53.2.
II Tv n 00 
L W 
go...i.affn..4 
e,
,,,..., 
0, 
e. f WelalakIll RCM/ 
nitammv, Oa,* b 
that la Irialipli, 
‘‘eatvotMONAPI la no 
"M.4%00404. s el NN
..1 I la ea 
C a Ito 
et$
gnaw*/ ars 
M 4..A 
WGVAllera,.411,, 
...as. 
er ......tot. Mau 
.4. V tole.. V106, 
No., 
Five re........ 
6W..0e. Aill 
‘....Y."" 
,.J. 
@Pl.. 
le IC . inande Oar. 
tign.a tdca.trOVEL 
konsennanstywas 
an.. 
racautr$3 neat 
1.,.*/ Men. eq.. 
ION ,fvf Oar onto! .•• 
'On...
7,
fat,gsfs,i 
"
a nn. 
a
l an ,n 40,0" 
.0",.V.4 Mt 
MtliatIll 
wen*. 
t401alattny.SC 
OW.PG4MW 
op n. A. 
TV442414 
WAVICATCN•Le• Pine 
RaloAires Ape • 
14$0.1....frra 
NOtIr•Paintly 
Aroma ..r.
= 
T 
Ca tf TVS* 
.1 ?Ma 
L att
ii.....,..
/ . cr. 
.vatiti, ...new 
a 41.• 
"....,.......... 
.0.003 33 So 1, An. 
Rao Attar It ft, at. 
...4st 
wend. 210.293401 I 
Matf.501. 
,......., 
WIntiCatao.,.....4 
...amp. 
Ofaa.S.t. 
TV442431 
x.vr......:..• INN 
....... 
:mit
Rqbeare . .. mil 
'Wow. Ltenti T,O• 
It 30 Upab) alp, 
tire, Tat, 
WA 
bo, 
Ml 
.. 
71704NIII 
koecomer.. no 
MaiwuroWtetripko 
4.. 
A. Nib tens 
Us if • tahlwel 
gotta* receor Peon 
VOSS. 
. 
U 
WA NI CR girra Pi Ma, 
L 
SII05 
..,..........., 
,A.N444 MO.. • .4.a. 
................0.14 
wt.. 
..Ser. 
latowattnae,...., 
.......(4..0.4..., 
NCON 
......,........... 
........,..mif,rt 
r........... 
}440:40,10tOta 
W. ...Or 
MA/Mt). 
OA 4 fla1000)%00 e 
ma. 
At 0C Saw. lie )1(16 00.10.. r0.40.0.0 
71704:141 
I4MitAtieN • Si On 
Dm. • ...mass 
GSM, wel RV Watt 
wen............fr. 
WA 
Its 
Po 
iv. 
EFTA00810993
--- PAGE 61 ---
1-044,...) 
IWW•11WIrsill0114 
In30)......40a• 
61,4••• Amenl 
ON. 
Tori4 Ain pal Cisacn 
nat. Ave,corwsr 
am niunc Awned 
Cain. Acalr.f.pan 
ow., f I [nut 
WA 
n", , ..0 
W..041014.010114 
1000•10.01.0,01001 
5W.. heacwone A. 
1. 14 ANd riCslimen 
Mm.. %la cams, 
El 
COOS 
E, Feellirt• 
2:660) 
Cn• VIAli 
W14•16.) 
0EV 9 
T 
0) flit. 
PI %OM 
L 
au
rn.,.....b•rn ens...Se 
*sal Ply a si ••• hell Merl in0 
“..
,, ......inin 
(WI 
“...ame n.,....rusavont 
tine nth...pupas. 
. 
rewmocrftedes MOM 
P t 
PO au I f.C.,......• 
to 
naxa Cfro 
y. 
PonollSytt• 
Mr it00.1t* 
711,112454 
M•01.1104, Ore Vali 
Oriattclin •1100* 
Ow's. 41•• DOW407 
ArAaws fan.. 
&Alava IN (am 
Spina 1,0511011 reale 
WA 
-
I 
.. 
,, 
WA 
474. NU 
ItWOOTO1 /Irak at 
INCSRsawlesta• 
*WI` • NOW4sird Ore 
AtAi•tel fed 0•49. 
OwniegOeytwoCC.
i 
WA 
Ku 
c% 
P, 
•10.42.14 
M•0001. An Oita 
.M.I. • S•inneflin ,
ToCP64. 
5, 
A 
kw 1 CAI AyAtAAS 
II MIRO 
LW 
PCXT OUC • OtW2:01 
r 
- : .• ',wen frit. 
... ....t..ostlim 
rtv I ..ano I/ Ka Oita. 
ire 1 •m00•11 Ititatal 
AT
CM 
n turn° 1001,00¢0)71 
Awn's:A Afar I o” 
...At 
no unto mt 
an 
v . 
FOIWOO, D 
1.0.3,  *MM.:. 
717.344437 
suAr.AAAA • INF 
SWw. le 
14.0
0. 0,0.W. 
i re • 0 
0110.010400.1,00vArn 
WA 
AA 
NA 
n.
vAli 
717.342451 
IWICATICN- to teat 
ecern Sim,. - I i eglebe 
.• Ow harta Ptyalin 
saes. 
inst.* Os 
Jain 
WA 
so 
nu 
, 
47%). SW 
%WOO 104 A IC *Ma ,
Ai01.401C4le• er• 1 rsT a 
00•01rfaStin* 
.q 
■ 
tomo nano* 
wow 
L....F. an to mewl Wale 
vouidalelstous 
P 
• 
• 
7S 034NU 
IMYCA710.1• Gem"' 
Peas. Winn . earl. 
IIMIUMI00 OP A.•••• 4104.1 
um. A winnyeedena 
WA 
A. 
no 
, 
"Au NI) 
IMMtda104• are 
Arca, 
calpn. 
*An 6101•40 0 I* 
ran a A veva* Men 
halt*. e•-• Mit 
sun.. tin E.. 
WA 
si,x 
nu 
pvs 
717.34)444 
IMVGATIOY • WNW 
Rat Onion • llopitevel 
Csols3 Mtn Mal• 
twee ania4n 
Cat wars Poo 
,1/24.. 
NA 
ivx 
nu 
pvs 
TVG. ZAS 
mr.V.0011 nen 
A...onsca•pAr 
w
et - ars 
es new 
onscalpAr 
twin. Caret Diietted 
SAA.00•A•vArium 
Ova A *AA*. SAN. 
fi, AS. µ. A M.A4 
A*. 
WA 
,. 
,v. 
WG.SM4 
INVCATICN• no 
Arca( 
ca•pur 
sAsn - Anun 0
bcaq 0 igin IntwenSli 
Censi• .0 E•Mnl 
Ponoont In10.1.• 
cairn 
WA 
..; 
, 
EFTA00810994
--- PAGE 62 ---
N.240 
INVIZATIC. 40 
ware. 
cow. 
/1”1.pl w 
Wrale
e, t
ffi nm. 
Itie
aarni 
0ern POW tee 0 01 
Paw f.r.leleate 
WA 
n, 
nu 
no.n tom 
loWCATIP -11.1 
way. 
[cop./ 
f..- 
arena el es 
ra..11.0rbi 
SW. 
raw Pa Sr Perak 
fe . 
Oen.. 
o 
WA 
., 
nu 
.74.1«4 
W..0ATICH • FYN 
Wie
110.pir 
tren - Osar 0 One 
WA 
n,
nu 
IV. 
00/ 
IIMIGAIIP NW 
tAwAnoweenp.AW 
nye WopereiCawar 
........Thalaw coma 
NNW ArnaON. 
Ow. M Open 
WA 
.. 
A. 
RJAW01 
MVIZATIC. 'kit 
W... 
Gripir 
1... 
- Grp Osaka 
lye fideil MAW 
. 
W 
41. 14.
eep
Av ea Aar, ebt‘nose 
4.40.€40 seiree Air 
/Ws 
WA 
nu 
n. 
%a 
7.34102 
IIAVGA/104 • Caw 
h‘e, 
Wes. eoll. 
VOW. for eeelo al 
Owe.. (w. 
Na 
n. 
no 
W. 
7170.203 
I/AVCATIGN• INF 
Weans Cowie 
neon 
a 
• 
WA 
n. 
nu 
W. 
TP.204 
Mr 
.71
Werren LoWer 
W.A. PM. Ftite 
Werren Colpier 
Awn Caret 0..• 
SW.C.ru. pal rum 
0. in. Klan+ Spore 
......• 
I., Corsine. 
WO.. 
(Wan n. 
Iatarif 
tova• freraiN 
Sikh Nov 0,1 sko• 
-- 
Arm... 
WON 
Wet 
WA 
n.. 
n,
pc• 
TIJW205 
laYeeitIGN • 43.1 
h`entIre.el 901. 
VOA.. el ..... 
WWI 
W000:I awrwAAA 0 
Ps isaOaw• . aw 
L.V *** *SW faxls 
0.1.• 
o 
Na 
n,
w 
71/00104 
IWICATICH • P
. 
Pron. Wow Oare.- 
Witte or Alla* Crio. 
VW 0 ,34.11.n.And 
Pres /saes... 
Na 
.. 
A. 
As 
717001477 
ILWAGATIGN• nen 
,..cenn [creme 
WAw. neon!
,
NAP , WWW...• 
COW, .J.4
, 107,14 
Gylmly ',Man 
WA 
.. 
A. 
WA. ZW0 
leAVOATIP !N.A. 
IN COW Ana.. 
WA.. Wownwe 0 r• 
Ina e WA as Casco 
*niece S.. 
Corea 
VT a TAW Men ea 
PlemAelfw•Apw 
Pr. 
P I 00..• 
o 
WA 
A. 
3.3.1", 1 
it•VO/ITIC. FlIt 
wan. 
C... 
Awn -Peep 0.... 
Ir. /WE IPS 
Adana. . W ee
sass As0rwiAmomr,
easweacw tune A41
/Ws 
o 
WA 
.. 
A. 
EFTA00810995
--- PAGE 63 ---
711.34N/3 
waVrIeri 4104 
......OniCenpar 
fv..- O
 Opvilen 
............ 
.......toymnitaler. 
Pailifta.vilf on 
tot. Sp..... 
l‘fd 
WA 
kw 
nu, 
4.41240 
mAvedbliCm• MAN 
MilvOloTt Cog., 
SW. 0.j• CIS 
ha toln MIS. 
............../..
Jam ....0..t.no. 
Jam 2.9 Away R. 
Aso 
Na 
Ku 
nu 
NO 
r...4.44111 
invrAtICN•11104 
1.6.3...Cengule 
bw... C..1.1S.A. 
...01.... Cava. 
SW. Ca.. 0•0*/ 
61.....001.1 on/ chao. 
Call& Fara SW. 
...Den .........4.. 
lat 
Na 
Ku 
nu 
VA 
71, 34NIII 
liWt.allav rite 
timorses °roar 
SW. - aits. 
a 4.1 
Ammeawnramari 
Wit Cot.. W. Q.... 
WA 
.0 
Au 
N. 
71/04N61 
inve..V110.4 • Mel 
M.O.. 
Copia 
1..."91 teas 
0.24.0o.....
......... 
iteit......cyn r.4.1 
Ms. 
Anniston", 
WA 
NA 
VA 
MA 
711.34NiS 
tI ...11'0401N Fkr,
Masol.... Copia 
8,.... 61.1... I. 
Fame. Antos (ham 
Fult• Pa St Teat 
Lb 
Mu Li. 
WA 
10.. 
M. 
MA 
,...."1 NM 
invirA/10.1 • INF 
%won. Copia 
Sislw. CAmm•Ommm 
Na 
FS. 
M. 
VA 
mAvealgm 'in 
••••onvIC‘npa 
SWin + - 0...Cruen 
re...;•• la. 
/.....toce.......... 
Ca.oµw...
Mae A........117. 
Ion 
Na 
nu 
nu
4...). NH 
W...00.110.4 Mgt 
...a.vot Cope. 
g,..."'
.. t . CV."' 
Vona*. Ae. 
.......Ca.......1on 
iteas.....,,,.w 
ot. t...........VW 
Ion 
WA 
n, 
v. 
717.344.11 
ItAVOela4 “ft 
Vironet empire 
SW. - ulral wad I.. 
yawns owner, 
4w... 
an 
N'A 
NA 
717.30413 
W.Yr..V110.1• inn Mr 
INC44.../.. .P.I. 
8W. heflicia. 0 NV 
n. .1A avl u... 
tel.. 
Sy...COrn.t. 
vm a aele 041 IV 
Callialan.kee•Solon 
Ow. '7 I 
VI. 
WA 
k A 
nu 
n. 
.7.,41 MI 
W...041104, PAO 
,..coron Camp.. 
Svu.- Cl..• WO 
teitonors Lawn. 
1,.... 
G. 
DIAS' 
61.....0......0.4. 
Ointly..lellen SM. 
....Wye 1.f.......s 
MA. 
nv 
n. 
v. 
717.3041.1 
inVt.V..3.1• Greed 
Preanly Many Symn. 
P.m. el toSt...<0 
1....r.The Capp 
WA 
ky, 
nu 
NA 
717.30413 
It...STICI.V Owed 
Aln•li*Irt 0 OVak• 
wan. r4upws Amon 
i n 1 1.1 T WU Cat clUtien 
itiliena 
WA 
ky, 
nu 
n. 
EFTA00810996
--- PAGE 64 ---
4,4124,14 
iNVIZATICH, FYN 
lAsant Copia 
.. 
WA. 
n. imus..I 
Caw
A Sy
 ora 
Caw. De" Simi, . 
Ow, el Ottiom 
Na 
Au 
Nu 
Nu 
47.). NM 
ItPICATICH 41441 
tositaang Cowie 
SW.* - Orono 
0.in&We m.sli 
woNnoNauen 
lOgnrilt•FIVIIII•Sto 
fiqwdeArek. 
WA 
Ku 
, 
,• 
17341244) 
InVtAtICH • Implal 
Wow. ham • [avast 
Mort Yalmka Title 
at. 
WA 
.1. 
Nu 
w. 
7)>1.14M 
MAYLCATICH • lea Mr 
NC4IniCsAeles.00 
SW.. NeYeard 0 NO 
Turk NO do0004.1 
Orialeal 11Ww., COM/ 
vn.1.00•1•1 IV 
Cetar, Ise.* Span 
Owes 7 I Caipnr 
WA 
NA 
No 
pv. 
7)>1•1411 
,,,,..00, 0.4. p,„..., 
Orsts Raw Wei 
SW.- an/10W d • 
taxed ar vas's. 
WA 
so 
.. 
pv. 
71744.M. 
.tatibia 
MOU7W1 • IV, 
Wayne Lagar 
WA.. Osp•Cierik. 
hon. On !Mk. 
I.Ceninairn kit., 
tab,. AA,. el• fulmar 
Aggro Seen kwer nit 
W. 
WA 
NA 
5N 
717.041091 
W..04110.4 Figt 
0..•,... ".... 
..., - ch. • 
. 
WA 
ios 
.., 
SN 
r17.342111 
INVCATICN•ncts 
0,..c.ron Camp... 
9M... is VI1130 0 
boon/ gyin Waicern011 
Capin0E-Inl 
PR..., Inl Per 14 
01... 
NA 
N. 
n. 
Pv. 
7,704rAl 
NAVCATICH • 110 
Wayne gap.. 
Stim.- Ow•• iv filf. 
Yawns Cenpnr 
51,... QOM dal f*A.4 
0..0
,......,0••• 
No ENNNAN N INK 
urs al Clap. CONN. 
Fenian( ANS 
AnOnS..... 
Mats havi.Ortop. 
MM eat 4:weeAI.* 
AM 
WA 
w 
n. 
,A 
PRJ1121•4 
IMVIGATICH to fr..
.. 
Orgasm.. Kt IS. 
sOinoloystpEartid 
...... 
........vutson 
...v.. 0 VIP. 
Wire P.....V. WI 
Ie.* 
o 
Na 
Nu 
WA 
71704.1%, 
wvedencri•no 
VirprinCaipar 
ono. ch. of:ftn.. 
WA 
m. 
M. 
7170411N4 
InveATIOV, 00141 
Porkreee Mon • Sao 
4»CMk NB knots 
ircIn Meting fa 
ON 
WA 
w 
M,
nN 
7170411027 
MYCAtICN•1110 
t4.02~ ,  COW,
SW. Crass CIS 
tonJOrl *ego 
hosawk,so....ao,
fefitifyan nand 
Mats A3 gamin:. Mrs 
WA 
w 
m. 
M. 
71741.110/4 
ft
lite. Omnl 
A°ewire.•.•0^M. 
tOldildiko el Alb** Cab 
Mink. 0,5 
WA 
w 
"Nu 
EFTA00810997
--- PAGE 65 ---
47.411.,1 
AWRAT01, 4 0 
1.10010.4.tCapIl• 
Osp.eAko 
von roughs Os
M
MAP Ana. ma Laden 
MS. 2404 Sere, Ohm 
Lot 
NA 
nu 
v.
1r10000...kal 
7104,st.3 
IMMIGTICH • Ws 
OIDA•ans Cava. 
:Wan • Ors Opal.. 
tort.ved Oreg. 
eamstaik•goinmes 
saweremodas 
Map AltneIA. W. 
pea 
N'A 
Jay 
.0 
n.. 
727.34414 1 
IdAVGATICN • WI 
Oamormrs Caipme 
WA 
Jay 
n.. 
PR.N23, 2 
ae?tr
Onn
kr. 
Parpnet Ca.p.t• 
SW.. °spoon. 
WA 
.4u 
n. 
i0a 
MG. EV.) 
IWICATCH • In. 
Vinerseg Calptiv 
1•1400  •ene win 
Na 
.1%. 
WA 
w• 
727 4441.4 
ir
te 
.4.02..2ve Cows 
61,... Ostet•C•Pt 
Vimons fop.. 
Haim Caren op... 
SW00 0010, 4 nit. NY 
O•rm 1...1.1.01son 
'matron u...to WS° 
NA 
nx 
nu 
pvs 
TP.S.203 
itAWZATICH, Fbn 
1,s.~ 
Ove...• 
o 
Na 
v. 
, 
, 
AAA",  0..001~ 
h's.00 "...
). 
$40NooAN AAA. 
Ana AisotAt‘noain 
Qv. Lie• .0..040. 
;um 
141.341SN 
IdAVCATICH • Aainak 
°Mk. As10104001 
Lola, Ana. 
el • 
80renfArOf mi*E•01.4 
Na 
MU 
Nu 
'v. 
MUNI, 
w.MATICN, We. 
Ann. 
9.3.n, 
Ireliblertel lbws 
Gee Amato Sm., 
Na 
K. 
WA 
727.3441.E 
ft
ib t4 , FY' t 
Wiswisnolenki• 
SOW" sVAII30 0 
AAVVOigitimuorsi 
taps. n COIN 
Prteat new,* 
Na 
4427. 
WA 
WA 
737.3413.1 
etT04 
Olt 
%moan Gaps. 
." ...Ult.. ad 
gart0. 0 Bawd 001 
. 
Na 
, 
nu 
N. 
737.3431a 
INVCA/ICH • fl
.4.02•01•1C0np” 
bY". •itainni 
Ir•revold. ea in ~fa 
•• r/0 
Na 
nu 
nu 
n.
mosatelwn4 
7.42t0 
INVCATICH • Greed 
Pvt.'. . Minot/am 
iambi. el Aano Cave
' 
,. 
Na 
,,o 
Nu 
wa 
737.344ta 
WV.Y.104 OW 
...einnt Cmp.t• 
is... 
...tad 
f..o.nOrloi Maaeral 
Organ stet...1 
rrtvaants Ow. 
Na 
, 
Nu 
py. 
EFTA00810998
--- PAGE 66 ---
71,44,..13 
my oa Ta.4 fin 
Yawm-areCmpa 
1.v.._ Ommostionfm 
Ve4 enti Cava*. 
VI., Caren ow 
SW.4  CU...M. 
Pal 
0.41,04.., 
Iola 
w
otionowimuiro 
. .4 C•ave0iSamt. 
1,1, 414 envIrfr 
moInnolmingtomil 
Ms. hilialimetwoon 
Mama ruin krmeie nglm 
Lot 
Na 
, 
TV4.1114 
WOATIO4 • Alt 
••••01414 Cowie 
90,mmian( 
0.prOvrak., 
Fen 
ANS 
Ms. hilialimetwoon 
Mama ruin krmeir nglm 
As
Na 
Nu 
n.
Ada 0. 4 . 4,1• 4
717043tif 
inveddICH•1101 
ift•uanCerepact 
"dr 
gyn.
,  on. 
Na 
n, 
, 
m{m 
767.41SM 
mv0ATIO4 • Aur 
••••00.4 Cowie 
Bole. 0.4 
fOnem
WA 
n., 
Nu 
wa 
717.1.11027 
INVCATICH • nil 
timpars [awe 
SW.,  mealleMm a4 
bale 
ell Zan MN 
Mieweinirt Catty 
. 
Na 
nn 
mu 
mfm 
717041101 
IWICA710.1 • no 
t4•424T1 UnImIl• 
SW. Crams Clirabl 
boa,  ofloraertm 
banoluillin 4 fon 
Man AarimmOrman 
Mao InOceerey ligM 
MY 
WA 
n, 
nu
n.. 
'Pal MI 
%WU/101.11r 
CaNLe 
a 
WA 
n.. 
no 
N. 
WW1, - *Win* nr. 
Ca...it 
5W.^. Cat". O.
bror•Vors ea tr• Fur 
Oat ily 1.40,101416/4 
ton Min WM.\ Ens* 
tn. 
717.10m 
savcsalcri • As Inn 
Repllenril el AI Mat 
OevnThebq WI .p r
Pape044$04,0 
CnikOkS/ 
WA 
n.. 
V+ 
n.. 
in.no
,
Inytei/ICH • Mil 
ift•cnnecnpaer 
SW. - Acanones at 
Cart i Ciasantlienin 
pa, Ina. Cr..> Ommuf 
tn. 
o 
WA 
n., 
Nu 
N. 
r104121/1 
WYeallOri FYI 
%avows Calpair 
1,96. - manta," 
Lon fir 
Wmazormie 
Cammate my CalaN 
Pon aon 04.9.C40/0 
Pod PerA,Rnto4 
ailana4 04,4 OC404. 
WA 
n., 
Pch 
N. 
rIO.MS11 
W04 1104 • Olt 
••••00.4 Cowie 
*ism %mon) ,44+1, 
...bingo. /4pCatl 
WY \Y. Cmalm 
NA 
n.,
NU 
NA 
rta.s.ms 
ItAYWOICP1, lat. 
WomproriCaipnr 
SYsam • Ors na.tm 
WomproriCaipnr 
:sun can. ow,. 
*ism 00a IN rim Fuld 
0.141,1,fl
O *Mtn 
1,1(100 thlital•K 
I 
WA 
R'+ 
nu 
NA 
717443tal 
W04 1104 • ay. 
W.ZIO•rt COIN., 
sw.. - *tin. 
a not 
teuans caw. 
sw..r.m. 
c.a.
,
0.$14 Elan tar. 
mal 
44..swagre 
o 
WA 
MA 
r.0 
nm 
EFTA00810999
--- PAGE 67 ---
717.34JSM 
tweATIO4 , 'kit 
Mowcolart Copia 
90in ...UV:an' Act. 
,..„..iinectepact 
Syn. raw. Caren 
Ow. syn.-Mel 
Axnes rain*. 
WA 
v. 
A. 
A. 
II0J.210 
INVCATICN • FICti 
Wayne Calpie 
Swot - Ow* tofte• 
Wayne Ca...Mr 
WA 
v. 
A. 
BIA^ Ca., 0%.* 
61./...0....n work kg. 
Ow......sase *Wm 
1..4,00 thls to Yr, 
we* 
MG. MI 
PraVGAT/C•l• nell 
%acne Coq.. 
I 
WA 
A. 
A. 
War.  .tia, 0  00 
VOntirIONINIM 
0.4 Kw...n*0n 
“ 4•• 0 I.  Oin 
Minces CaipIe 
4,41rall 
IdAVGATICH • flit 
layer 
Calpie 
SW" 
an d
"
A
&swat I r Achal114 
Owe he Owe %WI 
feihnell • a
. 
I 
Na 
n.
Nu 
PV0 
II0J.2110, 
INVCATICN • flit 
Wayne Lagar 
I 
WA 
M. 
Nu 
N. 
61Mm lento. i . I no 
00101 Nang Omen 
•104.214,
UW3•1101• 140% Mot 
•ISCalitte•neasa 
*14. , Aot•swor
Tree 
l • PO 
Mal al C•aen 
/rano 
am Carlale 
h
AM Or &4/Ann 
Cann Acessossrlon 
OW. P. Copia 
WA 
n. 
v. 
v.0 
7}7.341.0 
IdAVCATICN • flit 
Wayne Ca...a 
WA 
0,0 
n0 
WA 
VW.. OSpa (War, 
ton AM Ins 
“..“0.1:0•
.000,
80•104•VO.PfSel 
Avacelanarnew rein 
ru. 
717441:13 
MVCAIICH • fly. 
Wayne Coq.. 
SW. - Ovoi•Opralen 
Pon 'Ord MOOG. 
I.Cervinain I, It.. 
Iota A.Oirl . luso.. 
ex** &woe e i tAn 
low 
WA 
At 
7103•1:44 
wv0ATIO4 • Alt 
1.40.00•It Capir 
00400 .1•A•00. OH 
1/4 1..rx• 0 Sad AV, 
WA 
., 
n.
. 
71744 MI 
InVtAtICH • Greed 
0,w, W•sieral. 
Voldidiko 4 AIWA Gran 
Mini 04? 
NA 
ins 
., 
, 
ru.snsm 
'p .n.; 
1.01 
timpariCaipair 
Win • anion ci So 
FWIMingolnIt w..7. 
OnsinIenaw, 
CoOtinitn&flatl• 
Erse wer.reilana 
Berg al Mt* 
Hart" Cage% ins 
MI6 Cord
%Wag. Are 
Minosest Cow. 
SHOI. • Ch.•••Ciiri4n 
SAM,. Oreas 
4••••••Cutpon Met
farftriasa•aprel 
innsta Aftass Mrs 
RA. 
Na 
.6% 
no 
w. 
WA 
W4 
no 
w. 
EFTA00811000
--- PAGE 68 ---
MY 44MAII 
mut...ma@ Fir 
timporms Cava. 
Wan • attn. al 
epan 01.0Papientai 
Lo
maw.  14)S.0000 
Pee ••SR0•04 00 
.4.010.re. 0 den 
WA 
nn 
nu 
n.
imidan3 
TP*0141
n. 
W04104 nit 
14.001.04.p.t• 
*As* 'wily- Of. 
ran Ow looprieflition 
in h -at 
Seas Of La nil 
ruppg nee d WISAwesei 
0,114 NS* Ins 
WA 
, 
of
7044X44 
W.341),4 Alt 
timaprortenute 
P...•0••••Catel 
—I-wi 
Meaux. 
Certar0.1. ins 
WA 
nn 
nu 
nu 
MOON, 
IOWA/ler@ WI 
timapron Caw, 
Alit ,
 CI lom ir OnA • 
WA 
K., 
nu 
nu 
MY 40JUI 
IWICATICH • !realm 
inIC*Ples Imam 
PPS.,  Asphrrowl WM 
Tfale Mon ••000.01 
murenonvencoman 
nen 'Neu sou ow 
Coeur Anus.. *an 
on, 
i cans 
WA 
Po, 
no 
nu 
40t44 
WMATIO4, Cord 
rote, reirs.110 WI 
inliden Alm* Loan 
lima 023 ir4 raitCncre 
Nan Haven ea 
la Van•Mlal• Coale 
bin* 
WA 
nN 
nu 
nu 
7104.11.1 
UV 00010.4 7,01044 
INCCOW.:00.:* 
PO. gisinonele 
%AS Ldw
WA 
*SS 
WA 
WA 
40t44 
nnucuuon • WI 
1.1001.1147•3J• 
*An tenon ,
SWAT,/ kive IM 
OP/
ran OPP.. Venn 
i 
WA 
VAS 
nu 
nu 
TVG.t•A! 
INW10101. 'WI 
Mia•prinCenpar 
Hon • fl air 
no 
ra Nt lotento SWIM 
W
ruswra /Minn 
bna• balm IN 
NOIAairt 0 14.4"000 
COW 0,10. V* 
WA 
*SS 
KO 
WA 
717.34MMI 
la•VelblO4 Mit 
VaiszanIt Crep.ar 
61.0••• Mennen" 
t..1.0.01,I.Orniol 
Cmp.InIDES•Al 
irtwatal /matte. 
CSket 
WA 
%.% 
kV. 
nu 
wants, 
WV4iilK 
lilt 
Miswurwet Cowie 
*An 0.p•Onnien 
it. JO rt Inv. 
Ionor•RE Lager Mike* 
5.1,Apmn ftwal 
Mara Iart•Sit• Mel 
WA 
*SS 
M.• 
Pun 
717.3419.4 
ft
:IC.4 Ivy 
t•nenveCaRt• 
61, ..... 0.4. Ovti 
Muons Ccnpnr 
:wen Caret 04$• 
fnuo*Opcit DAS rud 
0.110.4.1.4•11r. 
ton Yen 1)(ra. VMS 
aVOurrogOlinttri 
rtemik. 
4"004.04.1 ./dik. 
04...V
ga.
br... ,
Ian Assn. 
Fir 
WA 
nN 
VA 
nu 
7170•11.1 
nanAu'ron ertrl 
...WWI W.S. OM. 
Weak. orIsaiwl 
Con an
WA 
nN 
nu 
nu 
EFTA00811001
--- PAGE 69 ---
TV.)42Ni 
inVe.,0013N• IVY 
Vianawin Gnaw 
Loin 0
 F
. 
Minolnn fawn,
gyAn Cannon" 
*An 00n, Win' 
Ong% ', foam SrAn 
Men mtg./elan 
fl aw.. Cntinant 
nrcheon, 
Aeon 
 ingen 
wow..., I) tn. ,
tons ennna. Ali 
Pa. 
„ 0 
WA 
nu
nu
n.
ha 
TY.S.NO 
InVedoliCN, R011 
Vircars Cann 
Han On n MP 
Cans 
WA 
.104 
.‘,. 
pv. 
in, 
Cann Ifinrg 
*in (Ma ni &I kg. 
OnO•kno 
m 
1/4
.n
Iiiii at., 
tin 
717.34.3144 
INVCATIGN • Mt 
Incorars Canis 
WA 
nn 
nu 
pv. 
MOONS 
UVMT
uww.nt Conde 
Ofion Ont. /*Alt 
Minoan Cinp.in 
PP. , [cm. Dugs.
Int Ga. nit.* Pad 
Cnna""n'
,nn 
ha Morn In• ea Nosh 
tYn 
WA 
%A 
WA 
WA 
MUNN 
WO/004 0. hag 
Cotfilian ininoto 
o tufts,. A i <mead 
UOISI.C. nits.. al 
Yam. ALGO '0,11.
so me etwon od 
leis 
WA 
in 
nu 
..... 
7$7.3. NO 
IONCATICN• nor 
mason, cyan. 
*An Ono Can. 
00. tin Is ••••~4. 
Gan10,10.1.110 
Na 
M. 
KO 
WA 
717.3435.4 
wYtATO4, 'kit 
PnonIt Cemsko 
61••••• ...wood 
Lard neflnintni 
Cavan ow Canna 
Swoon ea Ciwn 
WA 
WA 
no 
m. 
NO. MI 
YetTiO4, NW 
Misow•wt Cava. 
*own Oesstrak.N 
M.”96 Awn. 
&rani...x..0,nm 
gnapi.n, urn., 
Mionoknonta Mrs 
AA. 
WA 
Y. 
M. 
ova 
717.34:Ca 
MvaTICH• nye 
inconen Cowie 
*inn Onn Cvnien 
ton gof OS &no 
tOnsban awn 
Orniko to.nostminis 
Mar SasOentilti. 
Ins 
WA 
VAS 
no 
Nts 
717.3.N. 
ItAVOATICN, (Npinfn 
hint. 
Osmo*0 • 
Ironn dGS* 
IN:nail:nu Sync 
.Y mgw 
] 
WA 
PM 
WA 
m. 
717.344273 
wYO.tgv Urn
Omit.. A.3. OY1 
Onn. Inv 
Mona 
WA 
nu 
n.
..inn 
731.34N)) 
WealgN FUN 
tinont. [wont 
VI." Ono. Opralen 
*Int Om 4 Moon 
irematzilain%ai 
w
w arnwrinbasor. 
.ba SIWOony Agit 
PM 
Na 
nu 
737.344r4 
uvr64, ... Onn$ 
h t. " 
VeS"
. ""
.
awn , el Moneta*. 
WA 
EFTA00811002
--- PAGE 70 ---
Ini 
+a 
Yin 
wie 
Saw gut Imaiwy 
hate.3.tarde,0 
leliarnenhi•Onawa. 
P Own. ...OKI, 
IAJ • raineWil 
Walt= 
tn. 
VN 
-4. 
Ask...Abuts .fl an, 
..... ,1,. ,..../ en* 
me, .iinnwr, 
.1••••••••••,144 
wogs* 4.0 
- .061 
apygo ofte... 
Mkt • POLVOnni 
Ira stat 
tn. 
VII 
I 
s 
Pe lasse.4••• le 
.I.O. 0 $00 ...HA 
0...1.3 Pa meinpoe4 
en...Nan...ma g 
"NA nil . Laid: .5..0 
MIMS 
Wu 
O. 
ni 
...nip .....4 
iii..1 A/ •II*0.1 
um.% 01pAnr, . ant' 
4,1 lb WWII. ...44 
areun ,SalOrviii 
0.0u • rainflteni 
me mat 
•ni 
X4
Vitl 
00:11.111 
alron0 WRY P1/401.404 
kalodg t...em Ow, 
1....0 nOttvOntli 
MU MOM 
Ini 
X44 
VII 
proms,' 
nen v. twn 141.0 
MA1,, .0.0n*o 
wris pat 
are., paJ...Cnon 
1141P *coin. ...KS 
.l 
to ,......C.Fii 
..INI • Paa 
tra MN 
Ini 
O. 
Viii 
*asp gut iskIks 
two, ••••
01.0 
warren ii•ii Pal 
artion 'Aiwa... 
w0If LPOLY0wel 
II.MICItt 
Viii 
40I4 
awA0•0,40,9 Ora" 
......1,0 ~0 
Oen. 
PAPP ulliniwies 
.swe 'angora.% 
tams* two M1.411 
%owns!. non via. 
utisvailent,.10 
0.04Pons.04)arAll 
atil•t) tun, 'arAll 
spun Mislawel 
).4.••• •Mai) ...KS 
I MILO, laftwaTAII 
Ial • PCIV,A.11 
tSt it .0 
VN 
W.li 
li3/4 0 ,0afy torg awn 
.....V.M.Ie 
moo 
a.
.0100.0•DV 
...sr 
nc0pae4 
wog.* ni, -.01•3 
mt., 
um...0mM 
..61,4 POLv0Ani 
ititut .0 
VN 
.01 
am 4•0* Azionn., 
wintr.a. Inv ...../ 
imar
a
a
v  
.v.4 
Prae4 
000 
., A• 
taigratve.0 aM4 
a IO.03 I...0Si 
Mkt ralv0Ani 
flit red.' 
11,44 
I 
ior......0 
• leen 8 •IasIa4 
OPeambainore41 
mg tai0.043Ingtl 
arelinpsaiewa 
al PM paw- ...SS 
arelinpsaiewa 
iPal • raitLYWYN 
Waved.' 
VAN
o 
amen agab...11 
Amu. •4 *Ws ern Not 
arelinpsaiewa 
Hnil .1. 10 arAll 
a FS.% I...0Si 
Mkt ralv0Ani 
U9SICOli 
EFTA00811003
--- PAGE 71 ---
717.14:tai 
MWMT01, 40 
lAimulnItComa• 
Hain. Grp iv I-f. 
Vauons Caps
Ha...Caren ow 
Swot Wm. Mil taw, 
....4. -.614ralen 
"a" 
Csnil.OPOan 
hm, 001.A.Ms 
OdostluMro 4 fon 
*is tulinimet‘nown 
Mao ItisOciny Rya 
NY 
WA 
I
I 
A, 
n.
,,,,000 .40,WW.SA 
Rr0•M. 
myrAtICH • lir 
Wayne Calpnr 
H40+-•
Zara fletPAnwormii 
Ca,pi. •e.E....v 
...nen AV Pigs 
WA 
At 
nu 
W. 
717.34 MI 
MVGATICP4 - nil 
Waaasean Cenpn 
Han. 0 .14 eata. 
I
WA 
MS 
nu 
nu 
727.341SH 
newnwre - ewe 
Pawasvol Caving 
%MA^ Omp•Cimiv,
ionJara Iwas 
lawnowtsmpl.Amin. 
Lief Almay n t•Am1 
lam &mann Mt, 
WA 
WA 
ASS 
WA 
inks 
727.3415.2 
NAVGATICH• Mrs 
v.v... Cal... 
Va.*. - C7m10 OeMem 
holgo.Otemiltfr 
kInnrISINnqlwli 
Matra eullirlOOIAmon 
4000 8400 aanY An 
kin 
WA 
ii,. 
no 
nu 
WA 
wa 
W442104 
laNCATICH .11ralh Aim 
instessicsinestor 
8714..aCMIOr 
AlgAlmnel 01404/10 
OAM ilvi0C0•10, 4aNeee• 
SW1.1.Cararwa • 
Mae Id • I AMCOMen 
A4aftre•Lbantam0. 
I Carpi* 
WA 
.4u 
Ni.an 
MVCATICH• no 
wwwwwwwer 
We.
rm ee ne 
ue• wa
. netnew syn. 
hwy.. Teat 
WA 
.4. 
n, 
%A 
717.341987 
14AMOATIONI • Ova 
Rope..in a Wm. 
Maw. C4.4101.9.m. 
aVAP Tea Otani 140. 
Sart. 
i 
WA 
WA 
nu 
nu 
TS7441109 
MVOAllery tyt 
Pasorare Cama 
Wee. 4.p. :wren 
4atoat ocemmlemim 
swot Avra, ur•urs 
a se Anne rir 
Na 
.4. 
nu 
w• 
7" 4. 30,
nnvoomen • Filre 
V. . a, im. i re Cop' • 
6)41.. AI % A•magerMI 
Com.t•Orovind 
P.V.U.2 Sawn 
/abet. 
Saes ..t.01i, e4444.1.... 
CO5CM • lid h. 00.00 NOT 
isin41102,101.0 “.1.1•
Mee. 
lia:Cnvii a.m....a:Aral I 
.•,.. 
...no.%
.t.,.......u„.... mu, .4 
,,t,...ou
...m.W.u. cam Cat* AOC, 
rm crown, tea mr. 
............... au caw to 
Do 
fe 
717.34209, 
M+.4641104, M Vigra 
Calartglion • 
% Wm. ei woe nelle 
Orft. Nueva'', as 
Vallalitairm 
De • 
Vin 
a 
T 
PribCcepry Tin 
s
i 
ts 
/kr.,...ssof re 
"...we u ryt.ehrm 
'rnry Con 2 OS i wows.% 
..10,114asVonam IMAM., 
mei ita/weront CM.Not 
vp. nr 
IRMIN4S, 
111.011-6•2 
sit IIVE6/090, 
me. 
o rummx run 
nu 
EFTA00811004
--- PAGE 72 ---
717.34 Mil 
invirAtICN.11101 
'Aryan Ceripar 
SS.. . alky•Opilen 
pen Anima. 
AS adoitasodn /maim 
SAW 040,-yltthdrig 
fops 40.0430 40 
lo. 
WA 
nn 
no 
no 
N.142103 
wvennOn Ford 
Masons+ Canny 
0fil. Cresjo CIS 
Pen flan, AA*. 
Antenna. n nal 
Anne Anne !nonce 
now non Awn non 
non 
WA 
no 
no 
nn 
PP*. Si 
wveanCn • Finn 
unnoron canon. 
Symm MKS. • Ora 
awsilaVrynriami 
Mara 
taiirmnb 
awl 
At 
beak. 
OcirtarnbAxs. eye. 
Mit/ Mat il , ".* 
WA 
ti.0 
n. 
w. 
orP**Wo4 
IMYCATICH • Worm 
Reviver, apse.. 
il Oa YL4Srtiff shit 
Non *on 
o 
WA 
no 
nu 
pv. 
H.I.M. 
Inveninen • Anna 
Cinern RS - Oat 
Ocinie Donn Fre. 
niiIal, 
WA 
no 
nu 
'vs. 
on**no; 
.W0041104 Alt 
14.010•Itt Cowie 
SW. Clan•C
n  IS 
bon None Ano 
Aswan nael 
nom normsoonnin 
nom Ann keen non 
run 
o 
WA 
no 
no 
nn 
717.34 Me 
invtAtICN.1110 
Valenti Caipar 0.-
yew.- taw. 
M..''ino. 
Of. 
rue e• X rewrap (howl 
tn 
Pa SP Into 
LW. Oa int 
WA 
no 
nu 
v.
fz.t,.. 
717.34 Ma 
WA 
%A 
VA 
nu 
717.34“4, 
inyeAtlerl • 11101 
4.10010401Cenisi• 
SjMtk 
Croon no 
inoonn rpm veto 
CinplionOnaudin 
folvtelkeRPAIOr 
tnni An 
lannoulmf lac Adige 
WA 
AO 
no 
M. 
rt.”•103 
TVN, nu 
IdAVCA/ICP4 -nye 
Uwe... Cava, 
:wet - •ei Wm a PION 
Ya•uoVitCapir 
5Y•••• ieg.T. Comm 
No* Bonn own* an 
AOPitt 

hoes 
MYCATOI • no 
ti......c...... 
SW. lines 11 Ain 
,...,,,,,,n o,,,,, 
%non Cann. Owns 
noonnyo Sloan 
Cone Noon 
Na 
10% 
nu
ova 
WA 
Ass 
n. 
nn 
717.34240 
mvcantri • 'nark Ant 
• 4 OT Ks A also 
W.f.. NM, 0•01 dig 
OA.. Iossiwe•Spilen 
Cron parert 
WA 
kv. 
N. 
. fis 
717.341144 
PIAVMATON • Ns folic 
Cat agile. • 
AnAninin ol inn NM 
Ono I...venni, an 
vi• Man Ammon to 
Dvini 00116W 
WA 
An 
no 
WA 
EFTA00811005
--- PAGE 73 ---
MVO/..g4 &nye. 
todPse.tplie.) 
S..' - Y.. •tugn 
ru. $.1.3.3 Gas fan
•
.... 
Duct a Gen. to.. 
Owen 
, 
Da szn/....... 
...bwr.....n........ 
t..to...en 0,..t....., 
.•tenen IlauCt...., 
nu.. AK.A.C,.....1,... 
W./A.m....nue, 
1....0.itena. 
to....ms, Nut.. i•CCI 
run Ir.. orrat.....9 
tont.“... 
no, Aicrso< 
.mu. 
ne.........v....etwu 
.....ercont nt.....In 
• KM% 4 cr..........• 
......, .4...., r...r.....ah 
n aansa nun... 
Ion. sows Wt.», Writ4 
no %nee tan 'U 73...X.S. 
..............ouler. 
Pee up)* VW.K... 
t•uwalOnnfintorrow 
rlioinforno. 
hers Mono. Damn 
Maid*, Limn 
71, 344144 
ItYMATI04, Orsmiul 
C",, ......
,W...,
BIA... NEMO. lag OM 
,c. 
NA 
+. 
no 
pus 
71, 34401 
ItAV-0901:N Wan. 
Da/ %IVO • 10061.10111 
S tn. Mars Pau 
Car woes Atli 
AMw 
NA
n. 
nct 
n.
bSilesneMe.t.in 
TP4.11R, 
ItAWYored 4.01e MK 
r/30,UO,WPAn. 
WO.. Amaerel 0 
1.014 1401003 C.40.1 
Snafu 1.,nCorcul• 
WA 
au 
%A 
71/40ttil 
MVO,. QV Osprof.0 
P.UniroCam...• • 
re..Masan. 
Pei soniroanu Dan 
intor.inlui 
t 
WA 
110 
no 
pv. 
727.1. MN 
iv1vCATICH • NO 
timaprors Cava. 
Opin Ciasstrirakn 
half LYRE (nylon 
bovvinain 4 Oce•I 
/rasp Aar. ootusls. 
M4 SOO bap Asig 
Ls 
Na 
.1. 
WA 
TV.S.2$21 
%WRAY. i , bark All4 
INC40$4,1•000.00 
000010100,0' 
10061..40 OP ("prole 
Pm essCasses Ammo. 
symmurt..... 
Mae Noir 'Wen 
OresswooftWesiCWO 
I Corn* assso 
WOO* WLNUSVISK2 
WA 
th. 
-N N 
Pv. 
717.34107 
konr.th,cw no 
Maporin Cava. 
:soon • Grasp has. 
twig o Nor freaks
OesonniknOMI 
Ones•Agsrlootusls. 
trak• SOO brae/ As• 
11.6.• 
WA 
%.% 
KU 
n.. 
710342001 
wyntAllem, tea Walt 
001010000,1•0101010 
011.01. Y. 011000/114 4 
tom inrecani 
inmadon al MAAS* 
Akan. x. Ds* *MS 
V. 
WA 
%SS 
nu 
WA 
717.3•249 
weiar34 • NW 
wskorswe Co 
mopia
o 
Mtn.PP 
A, Daa 
Na 
so 
N. 
n.
ar
r 
717.16 NW 
InVCATIOY . wee. 
Rs Sasmr. - 'Wotan 
si (....aVtit. 0.4. 
,•••••• MA 44n 
Cam war* fuoir 
WA 
110 
KO 
71, 342$3i 
MY WORN, W011001 
kg- 9/0011 Ataixineri 
a ma. lies Swan 
arne.1.5.• C Mei 
• wt. Rat Solon 
WA 
110 
MO 
EFTA00811006
--- PAGE 74 ---
•07.>.2.32 
INVCAnte4 nit 
%Wane, caw. 
t.svrt ...it. 
a 
tr....tn., yacnit 
Own •., C en.] 
Pn....• .0 Cnns 
COP. 
NA 
101 
nu 
vs 
NJJ.M) 
IMVCATICe4 nil 
Waasean Gnu, 
tr.ww. Rona 
br  
” A•inr a
Nonm baud+ 
N'A 
.1 . 
nu 
vs 
727.34404 
WCANN Filt 
1.1001.01Cenloir 
SW. .1 Cova.CWV 
*Awn On • Oites. 
. 
WA 
si,. 
Nu 
A. 
727.34201 
IONCATICN•NO• 
OANAprinCawit 
air 
AlltiVampwwl 
Inn ,. Calipst. 
bibs, kids* CM." 
. 
WA 
nu 
n,
Ceinen 
72/4422.14 
IV...VATIC?. • NO 
lAnyworiCaipar 
*in 
snip* el amol 
ad Pall.00.1Swi ,o• 
Col/nevi Mg /CON. 
Ow AliglAilviol 
WA 
.i. 
Au 
RP. 
TP.S.2”) 
%MAIM/ICH NW 
%groan Crp.4. 
AAA. P41.1o, V0~.1 
maks, W. 
M
.1 
ICINNCLav 
pia. PM Zaini• 
Wow. ki Inn ad 
Na 
. 
P10 
WA 
•10.)41.14 
CO. Alt 
Mowcanwt Crp.4. 
Aseneowits 
Aplomb. Sinn 
rants 
runt Iv nominee 
WA 
.1.4 
no 
WA 
727.34201 
61,•••• Orr toC.IN 
14.0i..2•1 tapir 
SWin. Cann Oµy 
sswcwou ant. rut 
Os nib ivicadro Win 
ten 0On Um to I4Alc 
WA 
.4,4 
no 
ivx 
NPJ.261,
mwomo, ".!..., 
OworsAaw As 
Aante Din. rear 
SS 
WA 
.1,4 
KO 
VA 
NPJ.Mit 
MICA/10.• S. On 
SW. AJnet *Own 
. 
WA 
.1,4 
NO 
NA 
727.10260 
IONCATICN• Mil 
t41.010•01Cenlot” 
AO. wsvitianffittg 
MowywoolCO•N• 
erAnFoon *v10 eel 
Ana Fewer. CIA•Niq 
aVIASCan...5 
APPean 
WA 
.i. 
no 
,v. 
"""'
wvedoicr. • rite 
WAyeariCaiptit 
SW.,•Clinmirroln••• 
alti l
. 
WA 
.1. 
nu 
w. 
nr.sous 
IONCATICH•NO• 
VirocariCaiguNr 
grAwn sVittio. 0 
teinesillOon. 
OritralevONNS•ls 
Ate. OSPONIell 
1401.0.4e. $.*)
Leatio Adoetnat 
Taagaron.S•3 
WA 
Ku 
nu 
pc. 
Wan", 
inVela 00 Olt 
1Amoseaset Onan 
...? 
4..   tr' 
' 
" 
A. 14 wet. two+ 
WA 
,. 
n.
an 
EFTA00811007
--- PAGE 75 ---
MA 
INVCATICH • tan. 
inSCSIslen Ana.. 
SY.. - lis.cows a to 
Wine (Owl
trains M...
.. a.
ttPS are lave minus. 
Y
 Coln, 6141. 
Tinton.. ...1 knit 
Mon as Coosa, Arax. 
SYS0TAY InrcComa 
ISA 
o 
Na 
FM 
P44 
WA 
NJ. ZVI 
IVWCATICH • Mel 
timpronCaipnr 
90"
. s n
, a .0
BC•aird, edve CORY, 
WekilNartiaknO•y• 
o 
Na 
.04
Nu 
v. 
717.34N00 
ItAW,ATION• Ito 
Vroawnookrar. 
SW.. ..Miltliis 0 PO 
font. Pineal Moon 
hon. 
a. was 
Verna Ma In 
„, 
' 
Na 
WA 
No 
NA 
PP*. MU 
invrAtlerl .110 
4.10010401Centair 
fbil. F.vtllio
%UN giglititavoneep 
townie 
Eel 
I.N.INN on/ 0 ./10 
CIP/a4 
i 
Na 
Y. 
mu 
w. 
717.341/43 
144VCAtICN•110.. 
ViacanCenpair 
Nue. CoNYNI N emo 
•Non, 
a 
Na 
K. 
no 
No 
RJJ.N44 
'WA:AMOY , ROI 
44.ons Cenpar 
$'04." - •I.I.INN 
Lora? le twaymviii 
Lyon vofs.0 
P.nnen aV Pei. 
' 
I 
Na 
.4u 
nu 
pc. 
W.. NO 
WV OA Tad Sire 
%wenn Ccapnr 
SW.* - aal m0 
Nona Not Naomi 
ctn.., as Camaro 
1.n...on RN Owls 
an.. 
NA 
Yu 
no 
n• 
W.. NM 
wveANCN ' NAN 
tftwolvolvt GYN. 
90., 1 On 
OgeilMi 
tong ocMitresks 
JawINNIN *Nal 
Mara Aalinsilines. 
Mara Itierkrore01011 
Ls 
o 
Na 
No 
no 
No 
717.34M4: 
myr.ATNN • Nov 
nab.
-
MY. ...wow ol 
NkoNnotwouram 
COW • 0.30.4•4 
Nan, Rainer Oro 
caw *Neon ins 
IANIA Cad Pied 
w.. 
a IsCserien 
Clapp Swan f ale. 
Owe. 0 4.40 01 
hi 4.911.0.0 • 0 talk* 
Ong ty havIn3 San 
ton Wm ti.b•Cnre, 
Inv 
a 
Na 
IIN 
n. 
MA 
Want.. 
inVirAtICH • Gera 
Peen, Minas.,... 
( Nave Ow., Nano, 
many Byrn Ana 
CdO tin 
f 
N'A 
Yu 
no 
n• 
I-0*. NU 
INV04110,4 • Wrap 
RININI1 Ng 'NO.. Seg., 
lixfros tees Nos Sow 
.0a 9W Yaw I Ts 
Velem, Apar. 
o 
Na 
Yu 
N. 1 
, 10**Nto 
InVtdollOY , HO 
tirpronCaipar 
SW01.•00•0•420nien 
tuna:4**,4m 
Aarneatucoon Mean 
taltOrw..0, 10.a 
taps Sp.... 
'WI 
Na 
ko 
N. 
VS 
TYGN.N,
IMVCA/10•4 - nye 
Vsuonet Croat 
gn
. 
..i.r. 
f...attioeiNapronel 
ayarinCsr0 
r.r.ern 
Na 
Yu 
N. 1 
VS 
EFTA00811008
--- PAGE 76 ---
rea• Mt 
IWICATICH• hi teat 
Una :roe, Kaneko 
I DinevirrelCseal 
knee* ea Lewis' 
Wm, ACC 0 'over 
i
never. ea 
otrob 
NA 
n..
,
% 
Pv• 
Iv.t no 
wvedblai, Ford 
Moscone+ Caw. 
SW. synato 0 Ain 
maw...on caw. 
PPM. rant Coma. 
Da-. Dminfaiao.,
ftasw. raw*. 
o 
NA 
N.; 
Pv• 
47412•41 
WICATICN•FICte 
,,,Acnnecnpaer 
:W..- *nine ci t. 
ny n Nt IC worn Swim 
hints FP. T QM 
fenwebnola 
WA 
vi 
Pv• 
RJJ•16.1 
COVAMOCATIOWS 
/anal CONP,Main 
MPS.' 1•1 Aligainl 
90... Onvavkv* 
wIn 
Ogala4 
Ilatientif irry pt.% eat 
lintendCogOria. 
IlaterPabrin 
WA 
Po. 
Pv• 
MGM.) 
taVedatel • 1104 
voomonorecoopm. 
WA.. AK*. • On 
IVOMOSOITIO:nefte 
Ibii..141091 Ort. 
On. WOOS) eYAI. 
FOGS w•WginiCernm 
Clapii0MIECOS) 
Mpg Doyen In. CCU' 
Sawn la teen 
Va. 1St 
WA 
Pot 
Pv• 
MGM.* 
woe/004,F%),
Mawcirolvt Gni. 
SYSn•••nen,
Lard nentrorsti 
Ccrepanted....1 
Irwin:ft ea Carat 
tivia, *Moo Peon,
0.I.
WA 
.... 
17.,41 MP 
wvealiao • rote 
Mowurort Cep/. 
ftwn Oe•prtirakvo 
ton go:MP/ban 
larnin...1... 
Mama /Jul .0n~ 
Mama L01/pry PS. 
ru. 
NA 
n. 
‘. 
Pv• 
MG. 2VI 
INVCATICH• hi teat 
Ccerci:pain• Kellen 
I DiammirrelCsers1 
tiuM•mie ad LASS) 
eats .ce e Init 
rnr•Pv.Inveed 
ttrei 
. 
WA 
n. 
Pv• 
IVGlitli 
Wea104 Ford
Nnaji..ert Cow.
WM", - 01.1•014necn 
Pen t Owl Fa.. 
Adre...S.... . 
Aga* Ol•ri.D.repiert 
..t..sen tonne An 
Ms 
14'0. 
.... 
Pv• 
11/44:tn 
INVCA/ICN• WI 
,.. cnet [cm... 
„SW. 0.x. /On.. 
WA 
nu 
pvs 
717441C4,1 
W040164 FUN 
Nnajes.ert Copia 
WA.. 0.4. 1%). 
woe..., coop.. 
1,90.0int.e. Wiwi 
.042:bnOalartann 
4.I.
Pamsa 
Con ner
nk
". 
41•••544h, 14110••• 
WA 
oct 
Pv A 
17.1.3.. MN 
WYCe..n [cm...,
llOri FYN 
,....,.. 
SW.- Ors  tont. 
,...„.....tecnpiet 
Owe.  0.ns 
n Cont. Doge 
OW. 
 woo. Fum 
thato.olcoIntinion 
hote,. Vit. toMsfro 
tn. 
o 
WA 
EFTA00811009
--- PAGE 77 ---
717.101CI 
itAVANATIOV , 40 
1/4 1001.11COW• 
*An 
teflon
,
Carat lidipts, Swim, ea 
lips Won's 
Cann 
awalceimPann 
CatInicaSc•Iarill 
arlaniottarsAt 
,41,011o,  IMArn 
NA 
r.. 
NM 
PIA 
IVJOIWI 
inYeAtItri• Wad+ 
Rai Syne • DI* 
Ciao...atom moo B
. 
Wane NOS Yen* HI 
Na 
.4. 
Pea 
r0.)•16., 
ANWANCN • nye 
Nweran Caw. 
SWIM - *Clad
Sooralfliperimporwm. 
CaRta, *OEM.") 
P.n., 
N Over e 
01”. 
N'A 
Mu 
KO 
Pea 
IV. Villi ,
my CANCra • nye 
44DueseaseiCatan 
%Wet Benson. 
tan tre lIrogs. Dar. 
Carib 4. PO. 
Store. DEAL. 
Na 
nu 
144a 
re”•160.1 
lava:ANON Raft 
1.4vconoreCaigar 
SW. •Istato • elOsors 
Wald .421 
ICNINC.oetnAs 
DosroOK: laths. 
Nowa t. LOAN.) 
tar. 
WA 
N. 
KU 
Pea 
r0.)•1604 
IWICATICH• Tana 
raCciasionImair• 
SnorhiTCASD • TCS4 
Ilmitn. 
Na 
.4 . 
KU 
Pea 
717.342/AS 
!Sant. 
144VGAIICH• Mil 
teocariCaigule 
WA.^ 0-plonniden 
bongo*/ Omen 
teinrohalin *Mil 
Agallosiarkil•time. 
Man Lep Agony ItqW 
Let 
Na 
.. 
N4.• 
PIA 
717.3•241. 
inVtATICP1•1101 
WANas000.0.0. 
SYS.• anneal 
Isailtioltntrontai 
Capir IN Ookat 
f 40001.0.er TO 
4.N.V.1.0.• in 
Oisflairvire 0 V* MOO 
Calory.Orstoe 
Caret 04.4.11mn 
nuns mai Or} 
a or 
ndOuseNNINNI 
9/A.....a1.10.0.4,40 0 
Na 
ii,x 
no 
PIA 
TV.I. NV 
14WOOTICIY , WYNN 
Rat BMW, Oltsiv. 
• Sr a Poems Gin 
MA 00111,000 kat 
Vordenli WU Vest 
Na 
Y. 
N. 
nu 
TV.I. NM 
'UNCANNY • Want 
RAN Ban' AgaiNnel 
• tire Pala. Ca. 
MA tkolnY. Oar Mao 
Wiwi 1oVel0, 7 
Na 
ra 
N. 
nu 
717.34tal 
laW1001. 'kit 
tftrocarICaigule 
PP.,  lanisam. GIS* 
lips tiaacononCamitar 
Co on. Penn 
GO frakn ON.* no 
Ann. Oman enc. 
Patna 
OAS.° no 
114 0000 Condor ONON 
NA 
.0.‘ 
Nu 
NrA 
71.74410.1 
wv0A1104 • NO 
Virc...., Ccropnr 
SoOns *mann" 
Vasa ii...,• 
CAR 
Coiralearn lm 
004 
00•0044 
art Omen 
ASysiNteNpontreak. 
NAN*00,0000 Nis 
II A 
rn 
Nu 
NrA 
EFTA00811010
--- PAGE 78 ---
.1., 44.2102 
.‘....CATICN M. 
......A.../tC......• 
t6/ea44... 0.04.0...
. 
flan, FA.....
Aer......18.......... 
Avon Ani.t.repiert 
Anew Los .....Q Aq. 
AA* 
Na 
... 
r.....11,01 
....VGA/ICN • WI 
Viaormr. Caw.. 
Swim *MI IOW d 
6...../........Asnol 
OWV.g• ../€06.) 
1.....e......0.1“. 
Oat. 
Na 
.. N 
wanes. 
tweATO., 'kit 
Mowor.oler..... 
f..1•.•0••••Opirakep 
he tan( hate. 
Anna•annea. 
Anna ....0..4.0near. 
erase ASO ore Al.. 
A......A.0.14 .0 
\YAW 
NA 
n..
v. 
.7.4.2105 
ww3A/04 no 
Mowyworter..... 
9..,... On Cwa.. 
.of te 
1....
a. 
Anloutnepan AA.. 
Seat. Nan 
WNW 
Anna Aflame. Mt. 
HY 
Na 
r., 
N. 
Wk 
wer.mICN• Mrs 
Oftspen.r. Lagar 
VW.. 0+.. ...+w 
....wil•An.......1 
roxriootwron 
Mats IVA. ACOM. AV. 
Ras 
.Na. Nil 
it......110.., frarkAllit 
...K.S.s. ARMS. 
tbiornoltals. 
AS....... 0 ICAS 
Ca....a as =ASCU.. 
liCm0.1...ed Aflame 
CateltATC1 rawasatim 
N'A 
nu 
v. 
.3.
21011 
.....V.Atitri • Greed 
Prong VA... ].nn. 
Cows. Geal Ault* 
aim S.m...1:GrWR 
Owe. Cenci Wwry 1..... 
1....... FM ewe. 
Peon /1/4 0••...••• 
. 
NA 
v . 
v. 
717.341.4. 
inve..../10.1•111.11 
,..„.....C...... 
SSA*. 0....• Owl*, 
ren.bookneta 
810114074111401•11 
.nrs• rosolne“tg 
PI. 
Na 
iv. 
n.• 
n.
4"•004M.1:4•10...0 
r... J. trn 
wvealari FY. 
YawntteenpI• 
1Wer 0....Oginecn 
.....to............. 
Strarnit......... 
Mint Aar. omfareper. 
M— Sin Wee An 
Pan 
Na 
MA 
N. 
Wk 
717.1.2fie 
......C.4710.1• IV. 
,,,,„„...... caw. 
Ss.. "KG.. Ionise 
I Oa run Ai 11.....o. 
XV hark 
Bryce. Milani 
0.......r. (04.4....m..• 
0~ C.10.0..... 
Na 
.N. 
NU 
n.
90,..10•SFIIIII 
TV.341711 
WOAT.3.4 Alt 
MawrIterpi• 
*Wen 0.2•FIVI 
Mamma. Ca...A 
D........ Cern OW* 
Na 
V. 
nu
... 
71).1.1.13 
traffri.a.... 
INC40.45..........1 
A
AA.V.
104.
IC
..I.I
AR, 
TCAS 
.. 
Cava, ...MOUS 
Ono 7 I Cower 
Na 
nx 
no 
n.. 
EFTA00811011
--- PAGE 79 ---
71/4.1/41 
iiw-CATICN • 110 
....one 
Cenpar 
Lair.- 0••••Ognien 
Pea .1:10MIt• 
As asainvon A.444.
tot. es.....a.. Rt. 
WA 
kw 
+u 
vs 
7-04.1,4 
...m.C.AliCr.- cows. 
P.u...0...nwo - 
nnak.oan. 
roman Sown faxes 
• 
WA 
4u 
nu 
v. 
rt.P.M71. 
WAV000104, FOGY 
APsim • *Asp Cenia. 
ton An Pratb• 
AlICSICOsidn Mem 
fostOor.... t, Nand 
Anstodif.......a.140. 
fun 
N'A 
.a 
v . 
v. 
norm; 
..m..011.0.4 • F.Ir. 
Lannon Cons..... 
Moe, • C•AmpoKA 
ea IsAsk• A ru.nAs 
4........ Syne roAnn 
WA 
nu
n•
Puni•Coh.C.O.r...... 
73744.253. 
...w tY.110.1 • WO 
wan...Cava 
Von- Choy floPi 
wansr.Caipar 
'Mi'n'd Mtalen• 
Oro. WIR•11401 
10.40,01•• NV 
Boulin tOff) O•Ado 
Aohnvot Oa fe
Ri
tal ma 
tasty 
WA 
nu 
WA 
717.34:.11 
In....3010.1 , 1SicAirt 
N CeAsien Amara 
Swir..TCAP - 
...pm owed Cate 
7..4 /..... 
Gina 
AvAlacayin.COMOS 
AT ontic 4011.11 
CAI.. .
SpAn 
Ow.,
 i Caine 
WA 
vn 
no 
n. 
717.3•270 
AmAtATOm, 0.ww 
hwy. w'••
 MN.
WOOL.. ........4. 
Casa 
.) 
WA 
K, 
nu 
WA 
717.1.171. 
MVCATICH • no 
Woman. Ca..... 
La.- Ont. to r•fw 
Woman. Caw... 
6.0.... Con, Old.. 
b/m...C........),  *As/ 
Oat b...........S..... 
....00.........1
4...c 
in. ad Oa). 4.
100.• 
Penton. MA.. 
Ararsess. .n... 
-- 
.......w..efleisper. 
Ara* 8400
00ser As.. 
AA* 
o 
WA 
m• 
p.• 
110*.14n 
inVCATICN•110 
lirow•oltay...• 
ASV. • WI II100 4 
SIVOILIPIIWI.471•101
Ons.inb ESAU 
Prossird0.4.4. 
PK , * 
474.2/13 
WV 0•1101, 4 0 
Cava. 
N'A 
nu 
v• 
1.......- Ors Ognien 
hvn feint trallea 
Alraistsr. Atom 
Massa (........tusos 
so top San sranne An 
AA* 
TAPS.2,14 
wvtabOm Omo 
holcarter......3.4. 
..oultanc. (AAA 
he lOW•Seers trynn 
11. • COfaill name* 
WA 
.1. 
MI 
pv• 
WSW.' 
IMVCATICH • INF 
Vsuong Cowie 
SW." Ionian, 
&fine ..A.........4 
C.0.4 hoint0g0to• 
f ellin Ice l4Nig 
WA 
..0 
nu 
v. 
EFTA00811012
--- PAGE 80 ---
TIJJ.V14 
Nwruiwri • Ma Ur 
racasauts• 
%W. MAR • 
Ilipearil el XAS 
onus, alUICASCUIP 
Crrinta 
WA 
Ku 
nu 
wa 
W.W.I. 
WMATICH, Otsinel 
GoaSPreartiV. Alta 
Yarn i CGMVSI - Ow.* 
Na 
M. 
Na 
wa 
NOWA 
Atari Winn ihan 
wwom.ft a E aw ') 
en, 40,..tIV...ry ,
90.Atiirt•C4401 
VW OCA ea resal VN 
Cad 
WA 
.0 
nu 
nu 
717 44M, 
MYCATICH • nor 
wAvancer.... 
sys.,,, ••••optien 
half •30/ Omen 
ounnuoun afoul 
toes. isurustuwon 
M4 WereaswAsu 
Nun 
WA 
inv. 
nu 
WA 
Nam
uouNiNau • no 
Manowwt Co.., 
*W. • AiltiPaupnIel 
GTO, eyAiroOpl•gioNI 
horinCellist. 
Noinotuno 
WA 
"us 
nu 
Nu 
TVJOIN 
umuNOWN, Fkiu 
mouNawwooug. 
Num • Mot Munn. 
caoparowviaus 
NW*. WO NUM. 
WA 
us. 
Nu 
nu 
717.34=4 
M R". , Mr 
Mays•TI
al
Caloir 
*W. , Wf 10 V 
AinirManiin Mn 
WA 
tos 
nu 
Nu 
?NW VW 
luvrAiNN • nor 
,,,„,.....c...... 
swer, - Grp horn. 
unwsuut Caw. 
'Wu., Onus. Ow* 
510.00esernavii. 
Ow.% ....k.al Bryin 
Ile IWO WA m 4Alc 
o 
WA 
'us 
AO 
WA 
717.30214 
_Yuma • MT 
tOrmainriCenpar 
Aden- Grp iv r•I. 
.....}...I Gnp.le 
Won, een..”0•On 
bronco., ...) re km 
Ost1)10., toy* 
ten Copts U.. a to Whet 
an ... Ono CPT.1.• 
ten toln Mac. 
...eat*. n Are 
tab ft A.,Prr 1 I rbasOr• 
ANN. SOW roweessit 
has 
N'A 
11u 
pva 
NUJNOW 
PrAYCATON • T WU ma 
vacuous *usu. 
OsinuicAN - 
Neuman a &ay 
Nile NM al Cape 
oupworOurn Cows 
— •INflc OM IV 
000110 ASS.* Sp*. 
IiCerpA• 
WA 
nu 
, 
•104. OR. 
IIMVATION • Fyn 
mousauoknoi. 
Mn. straws Onto 
lirow.wt Caw. 
Mown Feanu Coroun 
posy Sunn nouns 
Nosysturna 
o 
WA 
nu 
W.S.III,
AW06104 no 
M.P... Grp,. 
:Yw,  ••alwa a 
Zane) 1.1 also 
use nuOutu Suan 
hainVI.Ikte 
....„ 0,,, Can 
o 
WA 
.4. 
N,
nu 
DJ 44.17LI 
IMV-CA/ICN - Cbtol 
Ponazip :own IGIII. 
Imowe. a WY, 
biota. Sown far 
AltsGPIO t. 
WA 
... 
WA 
EFTA00811013
--- PAGE 81 ---
TRAWM 
Awr.Amw • 110. 
VirworitWalAW 
PIMA • Ana. el 
MAN 01.4.4444.04.1 
Ons..• aid 0/1”, 
i$0440.04.$4 0 
44,1WW400.1" 
Ropmearil deo US 
Can Pass ono 
Caw. CWW.S$3.4 
Na 
AM 
N. 
WA 
TW34 MA 
etZTIOA &TAO 
Pnoing reirwwlhaw 
OW. 0 DAIWA 044,0 
hying Winn /h aw 
An
 Cabo. .• lbw 0 
W 
NA 
AM 
WA 
WA 
.0410300 
44.447104 • no 
Waw•norWaipaW 
DMA • 0.p C•eila. 
Ion 4.41.1040A 
44.44A044 PAW 
L.
I SO karlootuwil. 
.ADOSSIOriffAllt 
AAA 
WA 
WA 
AA 
WA 
W4343137 
AWCATXTA no 
Maawww. WO/. 
*In 
Crass evrIkn 
14.4•Witatako 
44.4.44An 4 AM 
WAWA 41.44.14uvww 
Mam 1Vw4Genne Al. 
Ls 
WA 
WA 
NA 
WA 
.4.81/30 
1449041104 MAW U• 
Oster ...car 
enuarneai, Ann 
Ants Piwint 
I 
WA 
w 
WA 
4. 
.47.10121 
kweraTICW nye 
toswons Ca4pme 
'Ai. ' Cl..WOWS.
ton 404/ 44.4. 
AearrA.... I, had 
4.444 4enriallawrn 
WAWA Mn ...MAI. 
Ls 
WA 
WA 
No 
N. 
W 43070 
WA.M.PO4 64,4 
Pnevenvi s. %ow, 
44•Adon el CANeud 
rw.Ap....n4.443 
44444AW•CA.St 
Viro CAS IV fan 
Gild 
Na 
NA 
No 
. 
W4341,0 
..M104 Filt 
Amman taws 
4044,  4444444 d 
Lard fl ptiAlAwmwm 
Cava.. iniCipaar 
4.40.04 C.er TO 
AAnoWsor. se 
41444 
64444. 
Cater.. 0.00 
Lawn 04.4(203.4 
runt Ovoid tofu 
CAnI4144.1,0 44.4.
WA pen ... AV.. 
OA& nary. 
OriniA0A.044 5, 
ANWA441.4. A As 
N'A 
No 
n. 
.47.14 VW 
WACATAN• nye 
wAcann Caw. 
S•ntri1:51•0.0.1• 
pin 
WA 
WA 
%a 
.•
71414170 
MAVCATICH • h. Ina 
Cwinflosin • insaves 
COMO 006 61:Wr 
a no A.A.A. 
WA 
WA 
WA 
n. 
7.4341,43 
44.CATICH• at In*k 
Cale15.4•4 • italteta 
• LVA•444welflawrAl 
Amino aw taw.. 
an,  a 
e "Cur 
434.0eAnnAwil AN 
Ago. Oros 4.044m.. 
WA 
WA 
AA 
n. 
7.4143,40 
14.40ATIOA WO 
Maawww.COTAS• 
everkra Coro Cie VS 
Aoc ou WA Canna. 
AoluM.WW.AIVA. 
aka 
Na 
4. 
AA 
n. 
EFTA00811014
--- PAGE 82 ---
real PO 
invCATICH• NO 
timpars &twit 
Wan Grp AY. 
Nopeuvrt CaspIe 
9fig" Cm.:r0•04/ 
9,0 •••CtOn al imp,
0a00./..,Srairn 
Yen Men n Coon unit 
mai Ow.. Cvetain new 
Jon /Mk. 
AS cseatuven knit. 
fek/s/erp 30 f 01011 
00.110.40000•00.40 
RPM, 
Na 
WI 
141.3427,49 
ItAWZATICH. NO 
Virocwitteeripar 
SYS.•• Ctrs. Opnilen 
Wan. Awns. 
AS (seat tropoin Imam 
taotvien.,1, roma 
Aram* to...or 
NV 
(UN 
WA 
N, 
Va 
TY.341IN 
IWACATICN, INverceks 
iiits$NONIMiNn. 
VW/ HIPhIpaNyiMil 
Neeptia 50 Ifecrole 
Zir YVON May GaT 
WA 
N. 
Va 
TVG.V): 
ItAVOANN NW 
IA100,0,001Cospi• 
twin, C 
Opine*, 
ten/gu 
hop
st/radon 
farnat•tin.bei 
Ana laarlmatutOan 
ewe. rung iceerngt 
OW. k w 4 f kon.N4 cif ears 
•reatfInr• A..win. • 
kart. MIN 
WA 
N. 
WI 
71.01•311) 
liAV 
v. kr 
VisolnItCalpho 
61..e. tomtit. 0 
0.20/40•011A1040000 
Lowy Raters] 
Private!' ars Ow. 
Oakni. 
WA 
W. 
PRJ4101) 
WAVGATICN • lninfia• 
...seaman. bean. 
1v4.ITCAR. • 
110,4.4.4 el Eni. 
Nile NolatletNeen 
Ores,swor GOW0C0r1M0 
'01.0•1/10/0/104 
C00•Plarifta<104•Solon 
Owe. 7 I &nye 
Na 
N. 
WI 
NflI 110.3 
NIVOATON, NO 
timpars &twit 
VO. 'awn 00•••• 
Ital./ MON 
ICINKOsni nsas 
DISr• POK. laved* 
Ana Rettna Tv 1~ 
int L....4p 
Na 
N,
WI 
Wall VW 
invOtM04 f v. 
.4.00 .0014nple 
gym
Itn 
alirx.Japal 
all Al la 
te.• 
furor at Peas Coma 
Pm% nsa.orsti 
WA 
N0
WI 
rova•vw 
INV CATIOS int 
Nueseaset Grip.. 
:mpg, Meillifini 
:and tip i Pdauconiel 
Own.% C airy 
000.000. 
NA 
N,
WI 
717.344748 
INV CA/ICN 110, 
Nuouran Lowe 
Vow, 0./.
110. 
Vouownsti Cceepnr 
%V... Con, O.
Bin*Optirn. dof kg. 
thirdly PIN'S>, Nriein 
took**, Neirs. Vain 
INON•INP0101•••••/0 
re Mtn 
trieninencyain haler. 
Difitpsorcs n Nan 
Mara hi...no no 
fun 
NXICON 
laWYMCN Tn.* Atle 
1100441.4010000.00 
trini, AlVasialvi 0 Po 
T. 
AM -SCOOT 
Oneldirg• Sy/Wotan., 
WA 
— 
EFTA00811015
--- PAGE 83 ---
727.34.l. 
%WOW... • AO 
M.o.". Vow/. 
A.*. • ............ 
no. Moos. Campo. 
Cowan. Poo. 
Caliinal ra..... 
0......10.1010 VS. 
.........01.0 Um 
1O04 SOAKS n M.o. 
Lou. Atom Panne. a 
OW 
WA 
uv. 
AU 
NA 
M.P.S.IT,
w.....M.1, ION 
Maw.. Calts/v 
./.11. 
• Owip. CIS 
halm Ammo 
AnswAispan hose. 
,....t04.PbroNni 
Mara aaman• 110.1 
nw 
WA 
WI 
M. 
WA 
7-0*..42 
It...../.10. • WPM. .. 
Prynt, Winn 6,.]
Pestle m d [Ito 
Genf PrwroVamIal 
A.lo ASA* CAA. 
iam. tame 
WA 
ASS 
M. 
WA 
OPS.ZIO 
itowle.110.1.010.0. 
N Com. Awe.. 
aroom ICAM 
A WAS 
• 
Ropierawl 
Caw.. ataCAS Ct.. 
• 
WA 
%A 
M• 
WA 
WY 44 47/ 4 
ijatg. 
M.a.....00./.. 
Mao snow el no 
fan ................ 
1..." 
"..k." 
gra UAL. 
. 
WA 
Am 
am 
Mo 
MMAUI,
&ovum 
ow-CAMPO We 
m.o... Caw,. 
Mao owl low a 
fo.tal. 
C..4 heOrw 
Emma .Is rico
eersio•
Maven Coon. 
. 
WA 
AA 
NU 
WA 
I04.1.10 
itmor.A.XN • Cam 
anima. /rola. /31•44 • 
imid0.0•0 OWN 
Nairn eV ro,r•Sincr 
i 
WA 
ASS 
WA 
WA. WO 
kair.A110.4 • nor. 
,..„..... cow... 
SW.. - Annan, 
isarationevAcormi 
Camas names 
Rains . AtSirted ei pit 
**%.a 
Ow. Pala 
I M Craw OtoW 
*in imam 0.0.4 
1ps 
Ao 
row. 0.1. 
••• Mid °Illy Mute 
:Won. law Ina is 
entitourat 
WA 
..... 
WA 
4,412/41 
IMICATICN • not 
tirwean Casa. 
8...0 Ow.. ... 
.........C..... 
......Mplb. la...... 
atop Mario. 
cows Amen SS' 
Anna Admen 
Azirinatd. FAN Il.ry 
(Ws 
WA 
pa. 
MUM. 
%WW1.. • AO 
.......... Coo... 
•o 
- sent.. 
Saran .• ....... 
Goo Ito ...... Isar. 
maroo
m.o.... 
ro an
G
s. 
WA 
5.4 
am 
ma 
11704.1.1 
my WO. mot 
yawn. Caw.t. 
Loan •of ma 
tot ....o..... 
Lawn nosy., 
tw..... ad 0w. 
WA 
.. .4 
.• 
Mo 
W.J4WIll 
WI CallOo Ira.. 
wiCa........... 
Aw.00A50 • 
a xis 
Onus wit...DIGS 
On, 
I cans. 
Na 
Ku 
Nu 
N.
ansem• 
EFTA00811016
--- PAGE 84 ---
MOONS 
SOMSTION. ,sear 
inOtass AVM** 
SW.. MAN 
Again. 
el tare 
Tiri4 
.An W Coven 
irealar. Sown Cams 
C
aTee. 4.1 ea 
Cnn Asadm•Splen 
Per 
v I cow. 
WA 
+.. 
rta.s.m. 
kverAtICN•NP Tait 
CatVATC1Soan. 
Maiming ri cl Ow flat 
Caw Ala 'ma 
TwettAtao 
WA 
71744.318, 
ItAVOMICH, te. hat 
Co•O(ryn InIttol 
tiewwliry t .1 E. intW 
Lea. 
to Lerma 
Law. KO 0 over 
awe esAAro rem 
,ale Coon Ovinein 
WA 
717.142,66 
NOWIAIION -1901,AIIII 
NV CeiNda,  tees* 
DININOCAR • 
llopeare al tare 
T.AC 04.1 adll CiaMen 
Sonar. Zorn Cams 
, •/t 41,•18.1 
Co....., Proayas•Sptin 
0.'001 Colas,
N'A 
Awn 
727.341011
WA 
WeaNZN -0IN• 
00..".1180 10.1 308, • 
ViaSkod CM. CMS 
Nat01•0840161$00n 
Lits.G•Whilraildal 
twoura 
I
Fen 
WA 
NPS."19 
kw.CATCN• lir Mak 
Ccertif.pann • 
MOM.. d CsIIIPavi 
D
stma Nicol -
ASS. 
fa, kV, CVELOO) 
ir[Olnan 
Na 
M. 
Nu 
pc. 
TP.S.IN,
inVurA/ICH• Greed 
On." Wt. , . en.l. 
Owen *WM 
OWN 
Pn•nrI re.s. era. 
eat0•C•Pitsl•Vd••0 
MI walat•INCSsitu 
bean. 
NA 
M. 
Nu 
pc. 
7174•>>13 
Mvf.ATICH• Nis 
,Won, 
Coqnr 
ingin.ina5,•isinitilea 
OCuakIlSwealtracca 
KOK UMW 
O 
Cox. era € woo
W.
Poway 
Cowl:Apo AA OAA 
fo how 
WA 
IIM 
NU 
no 
IVA 
, 
TWA. MI 
woCATOo • Alt 
1/4 1.00.107VIS 
4.^ 0..00...4.1 
bw.,,,,,,...... 
iseasacatAn Amen 
Steapage,, I., Nara 
Mao Mnesna MN 
SS 
o 
WA 
no 
TV.S.M5 
NAVCaliCH - Hanle 
Po, 
oniii4e,.....1 
CA 0.0A tonro Arnow 
WA 
Y. 
,.• 
rOJWON 
kmArAtOrt• Qua 
rowan:Am 
AM. • 
Yoldild.:040.40d1 
Powno °noses., 
In.0"fic., 
I 
WA 
A. 
no 
727.34101, 
wo0/00. • OWN 
ty.c.ron c.o.s. 
Ss.. - Ors tont. 
Vaivermrs Calpnr 
Swim Carat ow 
61M."0“irx al f *kw/ 
0..0•4c,•>4014.• 
ton Men V. I. .•6, Ain 
Ilia an ettw Cowen 
rtes./Ms.*. 
tarn Sato:pm, anion 
S.4•4..1.nan. 
Aga. Ainarina nil 
rust 
WA 
P.4 
EFTA00811017
--- PAGE 85 ---
"P.S.M. 
CATCH - ate+ 
e
iuz,:s is pGill 
--kao i sr 
Gaul k wssm Cana is 
Amin lani Vovn 
10.14 Cann . , .,a. 
ti....r. 
NA 
nu 
W. 
717.3447t1 
XVICATIOW - to On 
sa 
a
Spun 
0005p rnan 
or Poi 
PaispilelTai Ai 
ews^P ,... 
Na 
n.. 
nu 
WA 
"P*.2199 
it.W04/104 Yr...KAI. 
,dc 
e•Itm Amesaco 
*on MAR. 
Ropienin a tare 
TCAS Corpa an TCAS 
I  la. 
Na 
nu 
N. 
75),34M03 
Miucarst COW. 
*An Iowan err* 
1011000 Axn... 
Wpm Fru* 
NA 
n.. 
n*. 
... 
757.34M04 
invrA/104 • Mrs 
lAsicolart Cowie 
btinrft• 0 0...,
Oriels...Han 
Na 
nu 
n.
WA." 
717.34160 
INVIGT104 • WI 
Virsocars [awe 
'Va. " Ch... 0S.." ,
Venn...wt. 
AS il...wow, hi
940•• Pen., I Fors 
top. 4).......10 
Ion 
NA 
n.. 
nu 
4,44 M. 
XPICAT10.4, 110, 
w*„...i.tecnpait 
PACT WOW. - realesuil 
Land nee Itssaysentai 
0,npirsloESIN 
Prato. N 0.1vor 
an,.. 
Na 
N. 
IVA 
737.114.17 
itAVRA110.1, 40 
Mil•OloTtCOVO• 
bfilentWairinnialgo 
a Seta. bArts• fie 
Gielie Am • an Sinn 
'wind wry 
Wapiti Caipar 
N'A 
n.. 
nu 
IVA 
727.1.241. 
inVe.,Atitri • /nano 
Me Cabal AIC.1110 
ASYM.00AR 
as "FS 
• 
Simingri 
Onsival:P. %AS OMP 
/ I etwet• 
Na 
,,, 
nu 
n. 
75.7.3•NO 
,M.2.001.1,40% Mot 
eV Canso Aeoese. 
n ilaig,
Appal. el tare 
Talc Ain aid [imam 
*awn :sr cap.. 
at, Or WU Mn we 
C— Pr"Se•tireln 
011.1.0 I 0,"P.• 
Na 
n.. 
nu 
IVA 
717.34202 
kmitAtICN • 11011 
*Awn i F.40 romans 
And  n o  ty s. up , 
00.0.1•.*E.0) 
Penne. 
o
N'A 
we, 
nu 
pv. 
•104.2V,
WV CAT04 Tera Mint 
esiCaux....xbaca 
ingot Arow.erse 
7.•14 An
 C Sigen 
/ate. Lon Corry,. 
an. T ea k Au 
. supra
forAteartyinv,On 
l I !Una, 
o 
Na 
M. 
n; 
pv. 
727.342*(2 
InVrtiAlita Trii*AM 
wife"... • eaVata 
Retnn 
*o 
(KW 
ICAS 
imi gri 0 
Onsi• an. a CM1 
• 
i 
Na 
nv. 
nu 
. 
n.
727.34211.0 
IWACA110.1• Wen 
Mao 8,ann Wean 
%FIATS Wats AU. 
.nfoni•ieilt. 
N ',warm • 
Mtd'gr ti. 
hp PA nlialan 
Mum WM/ 214 
EFTA00811018
--- PAGE 86 ---
71,0420•4 
INV CATICN - nee 
Nueseaset Captor 
%Wet Woo Card 
OA" Wm is IdIJIMaso 
end 0.4.. Wes ma 
Fon PsIFOnAb 
..../eeyo 
Ono,••• Air*C MP 
1N.,•: rot inile• coral 
nivax*. 
WA 
nu 
n. 
47.410, 1 
loAVZA/10.4,141 
Ifteuong Calpie 
WA 
n.,
N. 
W. 
6)... ay/tool,/ 
boTingirnido•Orwill 
Grans 
71.744:10 
WOATION.1.00.ye 
nICono•/0.00. 
tW.ITCAR,
1.40.101•101:4•11. 
/.14 Alm I .3 [Imam 
Man. Sswer,Cor0Y• 
Mt a II tarocAle led 
CSAA Pal.* &Wan 
Ow. IA Oenid• 
WA 
WA 
7,7041611 
IWICATICH • Mrs 
tositmans Calpair 
Son - •val 
 a 
[eyed le 
to 
broi,.0.1Cruss OA. 
i 
Na 
nu 
WA 
71,0410,12 
idAVCATICH • n4.8 
1,1asconwri Caipnr 
WA.. stritato 0 nir 
fvla Or M 'TOM than 
Fein*. IMP. I410 
' 
WA 
nu 
WA 
?P.M Nil 
WICH • 1010 
Wormrs Cava 
Swim- artier al no 
fon., Mlirgilio iltliOn 
r 
Tye% 
8.1640 bill, La IN Oiroo 
Na 
u..., 
NA 
WA 
71,04t024 
inYCAT,CN 4105 
Mayan Cava 
SW.,  asp °Wien 
ton Xt. 'was 
4.0VriSt~in *mks 
WI 00,1%7 if 'Weil 
Aga* RI.Walgo ROY 
IV. 
IVA 
nn 
so 
71,04 UM 
MOCATICH • 110 
Mayan Calpie 
PPS. - seated 
°wain, Pozen 
OrOtr.in 'frfioa• Iv 
kirt•Oan %Mal 
IW00.00 .0,-,1 A03 
Douhr001E:tatlf• 
/nab li•orscs Ur Tide". 
NW. 
It A 
nn 
N. 
5.4 
47042047 
laWY•1104, Nil* AM 
INC.00$9, AS0. 
414.11CAW ,
AlOtincl II MINIS: 
Mel •ISCSIMARSICO 
tyllimCsetuna a 
Talc  M sal &Sam 
Aclart•Poin.CPra 
) I Com°. 
nu 
KA 
71,041146 
inVeATICH • nftt 
Wayne Capt or
SW.- OvisOpinicn 
ton Xwe Mc. 
Sal. Pr so% yOF•Jedi 
Maas 0.0.4, m FY. 
W. 
ft, 
7,A
1040.4in.v1.0mk. 
liflitt.Z. 
w✓wIUA 11,4 
Iftmormis Grip.. 
&wet O 
Opine*, 
tvntodanthatIon 
Saaa* a, sa.Voi 
Am ban ow Woman 
sass Ban kV", AO✓ 
P.i. 
,, 
Na 
nu
WA 
nu 
k.. 
71,04110,1
AtIV42,0104 • F‘f I 
Moucilart Copia 
9/A••• Cpwilikfttlkop.., 
Caltrallen Sorra* 
intalims 
Na 
7, .A 
EFTA00811019
--- PAGE 87 ---
7),14:10i 
10X4S1ICN. bat AAA 
INC4•10:0•4001.0. 
*An MAN • 
Aogarare dean. 
Tovic Ne sail Ca u• 
Avants. Swim Carta.. 
re, II WU .1.1 led 
Como. Anima Spin 
0.„,,,,, Pi Cop). 
WA 
7.))%34 NW 
idAVCATICH • at. 
Yawns [await 
WA"' OspeCitkr• 
ton Aw....e. 
Iairan4uwan beak. 
Sakti Pena For Rs 
Mara A3 vomit. Mt, 
AAA 
WA 
?ff....MN 
MVCAIICH • Mt, 
Oamaans [await 
SW. - Ovii•Opinia, 
Fen ItisiMAdon 
Ocinv"Ar• kit., 
AisoAarlir Wow. 
t..a. 844 tan" AI* 
An 
WA 
COrol1104 
IMVCATCN•learicAlia 
inSCAbilemAteen 
Afill/MICA,Ar 
ACAmeng el &al 
lung AM aftilign 
MeAtirg•Gferneart00 
VT • Tolle AM Ira 
Cain. Aelima•Spion 
] I Carp. 
WA 
r),"41101 
INVOA1.0.4 Terilk MK 
in0 Cols....v...0g 
Al.- AC44aril en 
talc Ale Sal C#*
Maw Hwncepw. 
Wpm yawls. TVS 
fans
Cwt. 
614....Irnireenint IN Is 
he. CotAlf e• a AN 
r000.10,4•00A•e• 
S•On Can Pr.*, 
NA 
N. 
173.3. NM 
ICWCATIO4 • Alt 
Viskoneve Cowie 
SS.. - Ovoi•OpinioN 
Penn.Axon 
AS ailmunacpor. ktalon 
Sli0044/CY 0 ti4.1 
Avon hanni. mt. 
Pa 
WA 
173.3.21P, 
FAvKIAINOPI Fun/ awl 
nIco......valit* 
Sw.iTCAR - 
NON.. a Mat Jun 
inSCollsAn Anew. 
Sya.Cenuo win 
Nrle Awl al Ct.:. 
Mayne tyin.Chisa 
NA 
nu 
N. 
rornm 
MPICATICN - lane 
eaccaiszArreita 
swam acAp. - 
1140senin d tare 
KM COTS'S,. TM< 
tentlie 
NA 
.4. 
,,L4 
N. 
PRJ•NAP 
ICWCATIOY • NW 
Virapars [alp.. 
S•On Ma% . Open. 
fan 
Clam 
WA 
%. 
nu 
N. 
72/44100 
MAYCATICN•Ceera 
Pronto Maas Avner 
nables el AAA* 410.1 
ROHM (Wel !Mire 
Els tin On*Calk4 
WA 
.4,4 
MI 
nu 
NJ 442041 
NAVCA1104 • MK AM 
rata...4am. 
SW.,  Avocets an 
14%14 Asia, e.t.a. 
4.0e...6,rwo COMMA 
441.•1144/1c OM.. 
0raliesAgelmang*In 
Ore. IA 00.4M• 
WA 
$04 
M. 
Ms. 
EFTA00811020
--- PAGE 88 ---
7174411113 
itAWM110.1, 40 
MiuciwilvtCrpli• 
SW.. • *OAP tent. 
,..pr. 
Capp.. 
Ham Una. 0 istr 
SW.44<r. sal to Par 
0..00•4,4v, Sraierr 
ton felon ti.” 14•1‘. 
"...,,, c,,,ci on.,... 
loaf antemil... 
I.Ceninain I, /TM 
ware OnI.Oreed. 
Anew Saw oamv WI. 
rusk 
WA 
Ku 
nu 
wu 
TEPJ.21114 
Aw00104 Alt 
,,,..„...i.i Ocrepait 
%W. "OM . lisdalis 
4.4mnited rptirre 
coig n. rasa, Ss 
00,0*.•••• ,14100 
noww(WwWww•Auv 
(wow /0.“00040. 
AMOOL4I•inf *IV TORO 
in0 Ural, 
o 
Na 
M. 
KO 
WA 
WASWAN 
WWCATOI • ne. 
wkwwwwwAniaa 
SAW A 0AAsoi 
hong &Am Uwe 
WO*. hien WS 
I 
WA 
M. 
nu 
WA 
TP.S.M01 
ItAVLCATen • SIC 503.ft 
OM It 
Coat Tivie 
Al, raCabibrapunau 
000.4:0..0 Pie resnol• 
wA tows own C)7sy* 
trn,TEMILOtto tots 
501•10Ce• 
o 
Na 
M. 
PM 
WA 
7)7442041 
IWIST.I. Ines Awe 
IN C4•14, Aolesk* 
SHOV.11CA/10 
Mean a Caro 
'NU OM MS Crna. 
*mewAm Paw 
Tote Merl en*, 
44.1ecety..01.0 
n eA•ww 
o 
WA 
Au 
Au 
Au 
717.3411•44 
wvedMOu Alt 
Uwwww0 Caw, 
Awn Ors We 
kw* Cswo 
elNiaOksW Was 
WOAAINTAN 
• AI 
wAywn 0 ono tarns 
o 
NA 
Au 
Au 
Au 
n344210 
Aweala FAO 
tftwurItOnsa• 
00.00 WWI. OW. 
',WSW'''. l.'".... 
AS (nat.:eon Fiat. 
Li g Novas u Nam. 
Anew Attaingt• rV. 
W 
o 
WA 
.6% 
N... 
W. 
Wass,
AwedbA0A Alt 
uwwwst Cava. 
SVAPAM0001.0was 
Owaka Pin Neal 
4noiceAtrartimb 
an Fat. 
4".00.4uwl. *mks 
Brow.au Wit Awn 
o 
WA 
.0% 
WA 
W. 
mu...nu 
IdAVGATICN • no 
AMA. 
oftworun carpw r.~1 
Adv.: mat o 
Dr
.
 IS 10.b. Ofn 
NA 
Au 
Au 
WAWA.) 
WC/MOM Tr," 
• lot 
as co., Awns. 
Auw0WCAA 
Ilviatinies 0 ege0 
WS Cap.. Min TCAS 
!leer.. 
o 
WA 
N. 
N.. 
474.M. 
WEC40104 , FIGY 
MaucolnItCON• 
SW. Oni•Csinikr. 
Yee .tl, Ava• 
Paras•wwx.. herr 
Arep4A0, A wand 
toga spout.. Now 
Ion 
WA 
Au 
EFTA00811021
--- PAGE 89 ---
TV4120.1 
IWICATICH, woe* 
Nadi *N n. AlSirret 
• Sr* fial.0 Coss 
1.4.6-SenVerimt Rai 
Vela, I TeVines 2 
NA 
n• 
717.041607 
PS74.2.14 
r4WOATIOrd • MC 
:Se.
- 00t.conai I4 
laic tend Insp.'. 
•Avils .654 ,ocrr 
wAv 
• ry. 
......"..t Goys. 
NW." OvinCiesk. 
No Nrisonflob 
AS orimAttepan halm 
StatfIecybrinprel 
Mara Mann. 
Mel 
AS 
, 
WA 
nu 
k. 
Na 
n. 
n• 
N4.2•11 
INNOATIO.4, NO 
MasuulnIt Copia 
— 
err
NW.. 0,6NaiN
... 
Wean
AS neatimpon knIon 
e.rN.-+nrera
Mao MM./. 
Ins 
RPM, 
WA 
n• 
r174.2011,
INGSICo.#001.c• 
8.1A.,NICAN 
AlniUlt*Ird 0 f*F•enc 
MN AN CoirwfrANN.N• 
SWO.Cenum win 
Tune Om **Ma*, 
ast. Nam Ors 
I Corryill 
WA 
N. 
7)74411141 
InVtAtICH •114.8 
timapariCenpnr
.
SW. trIOCSI. Imitate 
(Senor IgniliN t*
0...4
AIMS. 
Pc
OnWIM. 
N'A 
n. 
Nu 
727.041643 
ICW0610 .4 P.
VSJOIVOit Caviar 
Won tr. 
tont. 
Ifteuenn Cowie 
SW., Own. 0 Or 
Wu...14in mil to Mar 
O. si If W.-4.1, SM" 
NmENY. Ins N bOoK 
Nib.. CNN. (Wan 
torigeNotemlo,
kinnsusan *Noi 
Mae hilinwatuves. 
Mate Ite00•Fry n.l. 
Los 
WA 
Nu 
NJ. MI 
liWelaard • FUN 
Ni.ja•StCapir 
Son- *ono Osaka 
to+ fiasil *Mitt 
Nal
sannaNN. N 
Irene habatietuin 
Mt. Sig &Wee AI.* 
/On 
WA 
PV. 
717.041641 
NAWCAIICH• Mt, 
%acne Cagier 
Hoe,  arsine a W. 
0•Nweb ten..., 
NW.. 
fan 
Na 
n.. 
N. 
Pn 
7)7041664 
INWCATICH• franca. 
eaten n Anna. 
SI•lnaCW - 
NflaariciENI
, , 
TCA8 COTS ••• a TCA8 
Cr4raa 
WA 
nu 
NA 
T574.2.0 
suvrANCN • we 
tiroprinCaNNN. 
SW*. ' Crown' NM 
trocas 
[awn. 
INArweavve•ONNy 
90. ,100intaVEN FM. 
Opal tOucanno/Awn 
iwNNYNNNNIO•K 
ins 
WA 
N. 
7)704240 
PO[nW4COPOG 
WM16 -Comm Ma 
WA.. 
Noy  BM. dreAgit 
Ovon C4••••• 
1/4 10010.01 Copia 
*Ion Noes 
Na 
n",
NU 
EFTA00811022
--- PAGE 90 ---
MUM. 
waiter. 
drill 
vAD.OniCeripar 
1•00* 0.300mrilen 
sarosocoNen. Nato 
80100en..00•Mdl 
Oran* 4).....a. F•ti 
WA 
N • 
No 
No,
M.S./Pi 
InVedalCN, Misr* 
Paw *Non ' NowinNri 
• Ws (Noah Gin 
1.4.414unVememt Re 
Vela. I Werler..2 
WA 
rn 
RJJ•ttn 
InV041,04 TnirkAll4 
raCallan...nara 
AS. aCki 
Ripe.. 
a tat,
TCAS Ca“.. an WAS 
/ Irrett• 
NA 
No 
N • 
No 
rta.s.avi 
%Weal bCst re,"Allit 
long.*" .ndat• 
poen inn, 
OWWinn a tain, 
TCAS Ca“.. Min WAS 
ent. 
o 
WA 
No 
w. 
rta.s.m. 
%WOO Ct4 Tr," 
MK 
INCo.n .ndat• 
910.. 0041
.40‘.. 
CI TC.4 
ergs at At ?vele 
Cava ...MCI T 
era= 
Na 
No 
7370414/3 
WNW! OW MY. 
timonet Groat 
Win. i MKS, Chap 
Caw CNN* va IN MN 
fv.n.0000 OtiOn Vt. 
o 
N'A 
rn 
No 
NN 
47.3.3000 
my-Wier@ OW. 
Youjamwttenpir 
6r... Onftea 
VisszolnIttenpir 
901. 11091•430 lea 
twin /Wm 
Anblairm intai 
AtIli• /Yin- 
, 
Damp. Itoblen SAM 
See 
an kin 
Na 
N.;
No
N. 
717043•77 
MAVCATICH • Tea Ma 
INC0•10,1•00M-• 
9fiii...i1C.tfp Flag MO 
INC0•10,1•00M-• 
INANNN Lino,* 
avow Al Tonccarra 
WA 
Nos 
No 
Pvs 
inntionivitsaxat 
edruanw.. 
7370414/8 
INVCATP:N • 114.8 
,,,...,....necnpait 
Ssa. N•NteNde• 
woad 1/2°...° 
%ova e. fen.. 
• 
N'A 
Nv• 
Nu 
NN 
NJ. MP 
Wea 104 lilt 
WrioS.1.14,isi• 
MnN 
O'Non NM 
WrioS.1.14,isi• 
SW.Ontalen.let. 
ram hau.Oneain 
Man Lep Awry • 
twin Itoilm 
bonsiutin fill fill 
PAN 
WA 
r., 
p‘a 
WOOS 
InVGATI0N• 110 
MiuciwilvteereN• 
90... sniped,* 
louver N 'maw Morn 
towns now INNo 
Sew. W.L. 
WA 
No 
P0 
NN 
MOON 1 
inVirAT334 • 11a•pler. 
Caleitmil • 
kscp.rieNsolikn 
Virg KO 
OAO. 
Ned Polwere.1 
WA 
No 
P0 
4.4 
71/003•03 
P4AVOATION SOW, 
agar masa imam. 
N• °ANNAN.. 
o 
WA 
No 
No 
NN 
raNN an 
PaVGATEN • aye 
yawn, 
calpme 
%mg. Ospet•C•f•t 
Nr.onn Cow. 
BM" Con..00, 
940. 1 0 1... to I. N. 
enatkaleo Swim 
tee Men WY • [Nun 
tn. 
o 
WA 
No 
4. 
EFTA00811023
--- PAGE 91 ---
r0.1.1.11 
r4tWATOP1, Plek.U0 
NA. 4n... woo not 
UP 0.040•01•104Mis. 
Na 
n. 
NU 
A• 
Py. 
n.
Coo', 
717.3•tillt 
IONCAT01•1101 
'drawn,. camps 
town ifilai rinino• 
A.Otitaa•••••1 
PICI 0.~wd 
horwiCeigitto IOICI 
tons* it dada Oebond 
WA 
ndad 
WY 2t14 
WEIVOICH, HO 
Vawow•Irtirepi• 
SW.,  Chwy Ogaden 
Pert.bn *ens 
kraddsconan nen. 
saandercAn Fenn, 
• ot.n.)«.404.40 
WA 
,A. 
Atd 
r114•21,1 
ItAVOMIOY • weir* 
w 
than liairnr. 
I kg* Itie0e• Cian 
MA Sommer. Md. 
%%esti ToVetlen 2 
NA 
.1. 
N. 
vs 
)174411. 
itIMOVred , 40 
t400.••••1 Orin, 
8.114e141091 • Imhof 
Add Foto AA Owes. 
Goa ions had nen 
sweat ON Lnd 
,. 
WA 
nA 
n.
• 
WS. DM 
.11W101101, Fiti 
mouWrn an d 
• 
m ,- *ran. 
Sewn Wises rese. 
Na 
nx 
mud 
vs 
717042IMI 
IMV CATICP4 • franca. 
NOCo.......Kato 
6W.^tICAR,
TOM C 
r10 &JOY. 
OMO/ WM • TOM 
IC 
I 
Na 
MA 
PI,
n.
0404. 
nYJAnn 
invirA/1014101 
ideAc.ronc.rdpar 
SW.. boned. Ad 
&woo nom yawdonni 
fawn* Edson 
kn... av Ow,. 
W 
, ,n, 
nu 
N. 
vs 
717041802 
dtnecancra • nye 
nano
-nod calpdde 
WA.. °end:Ness 
,.^..ndds...• 
no,. ME Awn,  Awn. 
ta......0,1.0.• 
trent wrrmarsn• nen 
du. 
WA 
n A 
nu 
vs 
71.7.341803 
kwrATICH • nil 
virus, [flat 
spa. • 0.10 Gleam 
Yea foling /Men 
• ...win* it.. 
Ma. euenrirtimon 
• may* SieVeVeg AO* 
Ms 
WA 
R.• 
KM 
n. 
71704M04 
7170428•1 
WOAT134 • Fkit 
paunt4np.i. 
SW. -Oniony. 
,....,.....tecnpn. 
SW., Cann Dad 
:Wm 4ten as nAd 
04.11101,4abaltfMn 
i00.0*• i,000 O. 
/V OiNtf OuSainnirn 
an Om*. 
4".0.4invon emiltfr 
itiligAverc, n Nan, 
Man 'anon* 110, 
wvpnrgx. rya 
YaidiAnin CORM, 
nAded-Onsplvd 
vonoarscaqpa 
noon cant owdr 
Hann:drama Avid 
Ol1101,4•104.160. 
h.. 00. ', O.."'" 
/V OiNtf 0.0111•11,./0 
it Oa. 
Aandestudeni one 
Stilit04,1410f 44•11 
Maenanassizt nal 
lial 
WA 
K A 
%. 
n+. 
WA 
K A 
VA 
n+. 
EFTA00811024
--- PAGE 92 ---
rIOJEtt00 
WOAled • Alt 
MismulnIt Cowie 
90." An vni••••• 
CenpnrSymm 00 LS. 
Pons CP•os• e Sappai 
Caw, X Cintea Data 
WA 
, % 
, 
T. 
' 
IdAVGATICN • nye 
Maws Lagar 
W. ,  mega. d MP 
Carpi. 
WA 
0, 
vs 
,,,„ n isi..., 
kaisel Oh/WM 
Gil,...e. 
Ill JIM 
PrOVOAT ad • FYI 
teavans Lagar 
SW.- Ors °Ina. 
Pee Jan Mvice 
AS ailatiropoin Mem 
94••••••,0, Fon 
Agee. S.1...sixsikti 
Ion 
o 
WA 
vs 
W.. ZIOI 
wealari F40 
MougliwIrt Centsa• 
WA...Nair On 
Cava Oispa. Ws Mita. 
lune. Carel OSP, We 
o 
Na 
vs 
NJ.
„ wort", 4. u." 
Catorlipain • 
rupecinies d 'stoic 
Me inSCalleratieleatan 
Caliodrairtial• 
Miss) in, At T.14 
COIOffim10•00,1) 
Eft VA 4, 0s. 
I
Na 
t.,
vs 
PRJ42101. 
WeIGATEN • no" 
,,,,Ac.n...C.ron. 
SW
fo
. ,
xed Poptinseor.i 
Capie .0E...1 
0,.0000 
Na 
vs 
Wax Mx 
INWMTO1, 40 
Miucionvt Craig 
*An svitiewoom. 
0,....i•Coh, Now 
• 
ed MINS Mr ai 
Vne
r M 
knit. Offen in 1 SP. 
AM Carer! trifles. 
Na 
n•
, 
71,44M•3 
IMYCATICN • no 
timprioriCaipar 
SWIP. • Civa•Opnia. 
hon./men 
*saw 
SIMIPMF,4710.9es 
wnik. Ainwsto• 010 
Pb 
WA 
n A 
n.
00,0•01(~in 
717.3•208 
WeSAT/ON • inell 
timpariCaipair 
SYSn • Chn•Opraden 
ton JOrf /veep 
04"•004•41,...fdlk. 
kw Promv 4 fan 
exik. 63•04049. OW 
Pin 
WA 
IVA 
W.. 210) 
ItAVO010.4 4.• PS. 
Cava Spain • Clinton 
ea Win.. Smilax.. 
taidosnia.ti,NZG• 
W'. Into Own% mil 
twenty was 
WA 
n.. 
, % 
, 
71,44,10 
/WPM ON PO. aiti 
MT 4 COlnefr • malt* 
g" ...1"."'"
 a " 
Ctn. Tam.. M 
Clan A.S. SIONI 
Ceriparati • IICAS 7.1 
Ore/a 
WA 
n.• 
IVA 
47.). 20, 3 
ItAYLCATICN • Si Inn 
Aopiumv OS tust• 
0neona Tnin•VOI. 
101~0Dinina) 
beatee- elk &tend
s
salt. 
Ws) in 
tatlei SOS. KS) 
Mtn 
Na 
+, 
, 
EFTA00811025
--- PAGE 93 ---
71744401 
1.6..W.IN. bat AV. 
wets.
,  Avesna 
gyAn (ICAA 
Kee nes aeon, 
Timis Ain aii Cowen 
Ana.. Swan Cams 
ve, • T etc Ain we 
Colon, /sem. Spain 
l I Corm* 
WA 
Ms 
PO 
WA 
WS. MS 
nn..30104, OTC Sel.m • 
Pislanssiti Matki. As 
Tree Cobol T asp... 
.............on a %Woks 
Doors" an.teravas 
Seernwa .n fv.......) 
5A5 in) Ag.rak. a 
Pow' Ain. 
WA 
Ass 
no 
n. 
WOOS% 
•Mv4A10n. • 7.1 t Anol 
eV Casnaeoes... 
$0....1CAA 
AlltuarierEislt• 
%Id Carts ass 7045 
pain. 
WA 
MS 
PO 
WA 
7,174.ni: 
WiVAGATOM - Ate 
Votes.. Cowie 
5W.. Om se 7.
0 
YeurectOssmte 
%Ms., eessre, OM* 
6l...00... 
eV Ian* 
Owl% hAni.)61.... 
halm*. t..."... 
tran.C.vetarrn OA n 
sAATAIn nit Art tea 
pa.. :ann. 
0...40 
Oskesl fest.“, 
NA 
„ A
•10.421.9 
MS, CATICN - Mrs 
Iftsaa:nrasei Cowie 
*in 
m ,d1Im 0 
bzes0 s pit FIdnajonni 
CePing •b€. 0"/ 
en a•10.00. 
aat 
WA 
M.. 
M. 
Nu 
.104.21.9 
SAVGATICH • nye 
Ma......... Unpin. 
Wonv Crass 'ARP. 
.....0..... CAN. 
5l.... Conn, 0•00/ 
blvn aeon ova. tvo. 
On. n infra. Aeon 
Irv+ Copts tilos mldaric 
Ins 
WA 
..0 
M. 
v. 
.104.211,
PMVSMTS". NM 
ninwors. Conde 
*Aro ...K.S. r000s 
......01•Clonw00.... 
Craton 
Na 
WA 
W• 
vs 
71,Jonal 
invr.../.3..• tenni 
Fun. W..... Ant..' 
Cramp Canon NO 
I 
WA 
Mn 
M. 
nu 
PPJ.2.23 
MSMY0104 INSIs. AIM 
pt Casa 4 Ss 
w
et ,TCA.t.. - 
......v a !not Ani 
'tea...Ara.. 
btsts.Co•s4.0 .st, • 
19.15 eicla•JCS*01 
MoS/001.04rn t • 
Only 
WA 
M. 
Ms 
.V.34 nal 
......CATCei • Mr Tee. 
Calaajniwor 
Actuirs.r. glen,* 
OM INCeiras Ilea).* 
0A....1CWAONWs 
.....R.Q1C•nor s 
Cense. Unl lionesnori 
on Lyme maws TCAS 
An.nraned.401111,,4101 
to Iv Wes Carl (MCI 
TOW•Sn fit 00 Die 
Gnarl 41C INverdisk 
WA 
Mn 
n.. 
... 
IPA. Coal 
iinvCA/.3.1•110, 
nimprin Camps 
A.A.T.T.WS.....Atan• 
• Steel led Ana
WA 
... 
n. 
v. 
I1J 44 7170 
MSMATIONI en,/ 
harms Masi Oelm. 
Pala* .... a ti d w c gal 
Cara 'vs...VI...a 
twgre Asa. Cana 
Um. 0 •S 
WA 
n. 
v. 
v. 
EFTA00811026
--- PAGE 94 ---
W 442117 
IMVIGATICP4 • iv Volt 
Catnips. • ru/m 
• 00=0 KC WW1" 
ral Agit:anon or 
Tirana. 
WA 
.0 
Nu 
nj. 
TY.342.20 
INV04/104 Ifrralt Al. 
INC COW Ax.e..,. 
DIldr. 'ICA.% - 
Mean a ea) 
TCASCornie andAR 
Gen. risen 
WA 
K. 
N. 
vs 
"/”.210.1 
AWCATICH • 11,8 
Moulargre Coln., 
904.. 0..p• t•C•rt 
lAshorItCp.pao 
%Men Can, OVA 
Ss..0p.t NM Mal 
C..Ardc.knZwein 
t. , D0A.U.A...,r4 
Un-! Coml.:pan 
iong•Mtereak. 
brevinikn *Owl 
Mm ArpArstusiti. 
4.A.D•84001,0"frAsw 
AA* 
o 
WA 
.1. 
Nu 
pv. 
rt.”•210,
AMM,ATiOl. FbN 
.1 Cattle 
*W. • ChioNCIS 
Vont*. Arno 
Anniatispe. Anion 
soku4ntysa roan. 
*am ASTaallitila rir 
o 
Na 
M. 
WA 
W. 
47412101 
PrivIOATON • lip 
••••02..2•1 Cava 
Loces114.0.Walne 
Caw. .x can! 
o 
WA 
r. 
WA 
W. 
757.342104 
Myr...MICH • Mrs 
00A•0•rwiecerp.m. 
9,,,... FArAP Cub Par4 
A.**. nirt el 4040.1 
gala NUS*/ 
Vernweal 'sem, Chios 
o 
Na 
Ax 
NM 
WA 
727.342101 
MYST*. 4. TN.. 
Catagif in • 
1.1*.irt 0 MI& NO* 
Ont. ninterels la 
ems ACA•fle 
N'A 
.4% 
N. 
n. 
ISPJ. SIN 
PraVGATOm • no`l 
.4.02..2•1 Cr.,. 
Nn 
Mama 
bon/ •101./.400101 
Capir•IDE.M.) 
Prroltbat new*. 
I 
Na 
M. 
N. 
K.. 
717.342107 
AWCAtitri • /ea Mom 
INCOS:n ?Weak* 
ibioni1CAS) 
AISIV*Irt 0 1COS 
Cowie w..148 
<P.P., I 
pa. 
WA 
... 
NU 
727.34210. 
nnurdencn • /arena 
insCassemAnsso 
ftwni1CAA 
AISIV*Irt 0 ICAS 
COWIN AT •VCAS 
Oran I [mai. 
N'A 
n.. 
NU 
IVA 
17434 MI 
%WPM'. , Alt 
1/4 1•11:10.1.1COVir 
PO.', "KS, • 0 ...). 
rm
r °
MAC* MiNaSirt• I) 
an warn 
Oortansf lawbeak. 
tate v"./ 0 " , K.0. 
Na 
n.. 
n; 
pv. 
727.341902 
NAVCATIOn • nen 
MasorIt Cr.,. 
*An Ovineselik. 
t on JO. &nix. 
novo...E.nva,  be.. 
Ass.  e" t 1p F ONII 
Mm Ateatarnte ras 
Pia 
WA 
n.. 
nu 
nu 
NJ 44,101 
wvabTry. f../. 
lAsioneveCony• 
90,.. •SII a• Cl Vs 
ht., Ar Norio:Atha. 
Amara/sr Teat 
tiernie 0. La 
WA 
.... 
nu 
nu 
EFTA00811027
--- PAGE 95 ---
.17.). nit 
.t.W.Y.TOrl, 0....nl 
rye" Noon *a 
Chiv•• fretyyl0 Crag 
— 
Way Dove 
Ana Colas 0144,1014 
N'A 
... 
v. 
v. 
.114.210 
M, wad " 
tisane Callan. 
Yawn Crop font. 
tioaaann Gaya. 
...me, Gwyn Os" 
S......4.0,....4.1..ruil 
Ora .....”...9 by.in 
ton( tentp.i. %WV 
WA 
n.. 
N. 
VS 
71/ OHM 
74.0.CATION•ricts 
,,,A„......Ccnpait 
fem. tan Cram 
WA 
nu 
v. 
71744 MS 
itf..9010.4 • Mel 
...02...vt Copia 
9Ws. 0....)...kn 
toeAM Iona. 
A$70.4uwarbedr777 
faidtp.tcyntnni 
Mara Ann 
Mt, 
WA 
Ma 
71,044947 
iltZW.11. 1.0 
0.41.0../tCa.pM. 
rand 
WA 
7.7 
7,7 
n.
877intAK7r. 
71,0441.40 
Arve.riror • S.
caterowromun • 
inflict el Wan 
Awe tO ArOArrorrio 
Mc 77.74777*...a,  (73 
r 
WA 
777 
7,7 
7{. 
71,04414.1 
...WC.M.3.1• nen 
vitscars orgrarr 
fs..n • Chn•Opiraden 
hen. Axels. 
Moan( non Oren 
rat Pomo Wars 
Arai Asonnear Fon 
Prot 
° 
WA 
no 
77. 
TV 44 it,$) 
PW.V.M.1.1.10104 
Camp... 
o 
NA 
nn 
n• 
por 
fy....* *sew I* Ora 
77.7yorowOrene 
W..... Car (.404 
t......0014..”10.0,0 
ten 
inOFr>747doe
e Ma 
eyArr 
in 
a W. 
In.. 
710.NWIA 
IWICA710.1•Tnirefiaa 
nriCason.bast• 
S.P.n.TCAP 
mown. a Caro 
fine an -.1 C...sn 
Asemple.a.COONIS 
wt.. •I•ek MM.) 
taro Aserwtolo. 
Poor r i *ON, 
WA 
777 
por 
71744346 
P4WtAT SY FIJI 
....aji..• r I Cope 
6W.. ...none 
Lora/ Ypiltatoontal 
cow. at Carror 
ifloittar nave. 
!Wen 
WA 
.7 7 
71,0449.1. 
I.M.C.MOti • Mr Tetra 
Onalt11."' 
AIVAluinir. .1 /*Pa Isik 
Ons/r.s...,10.1. 
Oa Battu 
krorftwor 'WA frescos 
/.....~....C..S., d 
ber....S Ica. {L.. 
WA 
Pva 
nr4.2.42 
in...04104 Sin 
1.1.01unat Onpl • 
*Own O.. 0...14.1 
......0...1,....k. 
iarna. a, n.ve 
Mao .....snm.la 
Mao in. eoniR.I• 
W 
WA 
MA 
7274. no 
inve..itleri • no 
viAroworrc aipar 
s .  
vn.• 
to
..XVI !MS
/0%•004.401.10.6". 
SAW Percykr far. 
erase rotorrnixo rOtr 
Aso 
WA 
F.% 
Nu 
714 
EFTA00811028
--- PAGE 96 ---
KcJ.34 HO 
AwcAricw • nel 
VinnoriCalpie 
Kos. CP•optiKI 
tyLonvve Cap.g. 
KKK,. CaKtn (KOK 
0.1% KKamSysagn 
we Awc noon Wet 
InSOVNOCTKKKOKK 
Jorcha.K. 
Aavtlatnn 
&KOK 
LeasAKK, K Wall 
tots SOKOKK KO 
0a. 
Na 
WA. me 
ntIVOOKOK Kid 
MimulKIK WOK, 
KW.. Ospoevralen 
ton g sk • I fraraft 
ialiKai*Kia.kai 
Aga* Ann ...Unarm, 
Ma. UK 43reg INK 
Rios 
o 
WA 
Kf.3•262,1 
NAW3OCIK tat OW 
ANC4•Ko Kaden 
OM. OCAR • 
Rybeines <Mare 
Mac Me W CO aen 
*alt.. 
Sworn Cony,. 
•Iktic Wind 
On 
PaKasKSKIn 
0-9. F I Gap... 
WA 
N. 
rwwwn 
loWCATCri• Fir 
t4Locorin Can 
KKK,  OawyWrakn 
rorww,A, 
AssawAawpon 
evedips 
AAA. 
isil 
larinonantWitrIONCY 
I
t. Rios Kinteneta el 
Card Whig KM, 
Mr. 
nKsvain MO 
Na 
AA
nu
n.
IP) 
"3,404./. 
AwcAricw • owe 
Mone 
t
[KINK 
K.
y
.. *ap. 
Ovird•TNIwAK KC., 
len. 
nK% 
/ "1 
OW -1.5308 X ZrK.K L 
IN 
Mu 
Po3 in KKR 0 
rOintaatO 
nr.urne 
M9000104 FYN 
teNnre Can 
KO*. KIK keinKrai 
Ca.., termini 
KWan KIKKOMILI 
SolAdto 
/K OK 
T 
OM - 300n K 9019 L 
KV 
Parliald Op SKIT 
34.22,0 
Kt 
PO la MORD 
NO WI 0030,t0 
TO 4442% 
IONCATICH • roe. 
MaOlaWt Cog., 
bl Aw"
"
.. ."" 
GTO 
einKnil 
, C 
Poor. ktsra•VIOA. 
no 
Maim 
Pray 
RI • UN • INAS II %MO 
L INS 
02• /Kea 
sivnKSWO ORKOWKVLIIM .1N
NOW( INKaidis 
pqmil*Kwite 
TP&A.1212 
INVOMICK , &Komi 
09.N.KiattKLKKI 
• ItSmod LoonKri 
0w
, 
...., 
i 
0* • *20I2 K SKIS I. 
ISIS
tp. 
1,00714:00AID 
WM KOURD 
IPS KO 
Pavosm 0WW, Spin 
Kiadend Kg ArKan PK 
LeLKK n /0 Omen 
o 
All w t• 
Na OM -TWOS K1_ 1. PS 
. Ono- 0... on ra KY*/ 
.ot 
1.007.02IARD 
PIKOLKOLOID 
WS ILI. 
IN • CniolCome 
timPoSkon? liet• [MI. 
Can INKY a an 
OvorMaeAs 6.3 &KM 
OK1•• F0 (LK Oxon 
—a It Are.. BK.. 
Onto 
T 
OM- (Ku 
K MK S LEM 
.0. 
.3 Kni000 0 
pill ONOls 
ma DU 
_co. 
Cvnin Knots 
IhKia Patin" t SOK* 
Lim's,. ISW Kr.. Coma 
Gnomes Snap.. 
rasa. 
Na 
.IK 
N. 
N. 
OIKKIN KKK' any.
totem, Sado DiKil 
neftrn 
o 
WA 
NA 
No 
N. 
70.334144 
,. 
IKKKOLasevatn 
. 
Na 
NA 
no 
N. 
EFTA00811029
--- PAGE 97 ---
727.211144
W
OMGPIN•OtypnGeinew 
•Adoluvrtei Musa, 
EntinyCegmellorne 
go %II. 
.6, 
Onsgoormlofino, C0./. 
Crews Dopy ay 9,...... 
Cava.= 
NaNA 
il l 
 . . 
Nu 
pw.
00es 
727.311147 
OMEN Own.flamts 
A...m.0 A....” 
Enna, C....4 Oen. 
Oirareu 
s 
tom 
Crew 
mt. 
Cnw..r0•pwq.v 
Union Ciwponis2 Donn 
Cowen 
I. 
Na 
. N. 
Nu 
n.. 
717411H1 
POGO.- Item. Gown 
t44•We • FUO/14, 1 it 
AOOTIMotria• Owen 
Itt...11.a• 
NA 
nu 
pw. 
WS Mi. 
01000.- NFL.. 
C.ys. Solo. • Chbwn 
C44.4 ii/ Oric.0 al 
• w•Oblemit•Ovin 
WY. an eves 03030 
N. to. CmersOlau mn 
taa. HS. 
Na 
K. 
NU 
w• 
r OM MI 
OMIthr - Onle,:pim.i • 
Rif IOC inn a Mtn. 
Fa km AgmenS La Ova. 
OPOI‘COPVI,  VII,  I IS 
Caw go. I env 0.4.1. 
01. OIFFP** CON. 
Na 
.1. 
N. 
37.1 UM 
LOGIN-raw.. 
Own 804n ...few 
Mangra.).t....1 
tvonOnnw,  C gab 
Tr WM • en 
x 
N'A 
.4. 
nu 
n• 
37.1 134 
CCD-
.
 Paw.... 
.'or. 
flower ed•Sies
N'A 
OvoinenossCOlwe 
T 
. 
I 
nu 
Nu 
727.25135 
Oww39. 0...0,34. 
Vaseen? Set• CUT 
Can rd irnI Mee 
dn.+ Wes *USN. 
C.O.ow NI tar POT. 
WS. at WI.* Br** 
Clots 
NA 
nn 
VA 
757.33137 
OW0111 OF Oonw, 
timPoSibtaja r.  CUT 
Cy :titan fru Want 
Comm mum all fads 
4wwpa is Fa ay Ctqcon 
MS. wt. h. f.. tires 
Ont. 
NA 
Kw 
nu 
VA 
37.25138 
O. Owns. I./Arbil..et 
Ow - Amramnt 4 
Cwa, mwg rni Orlon 
OwroFwiv al MOO 
Gni. is fa rvc.Orain 
Walw 
N.. to
Owth, 
Na 
Kw 
nu 
RA 
37.1 Illt 
CAWsew weber.. 
......." 
a . ...' 01
ren,...s.... I.,..con 
an. x-wa c.a. 
a•-•,,,.. 
Na 
K. 
N. 
WI 
WS 131 
O'c'tt" fr... .. 
Ounamly.le. 
AtOixi.r. a Paseo. 
in03.1.4 LAG Uses 
wa.22411‘.• ago. 
WOL 
A
C.VGIN• 
Na 
WA 
nu 
pw. 
33.VA.91.1 
0,..00 we. 
Nam... 
20,0 NO 
N A 
Al C.W ••Korn m Ve0.7 I. 
AZ VS .103.W. 
_., 
l
*SS 
1.01TMOVIRD 
FOlont00,0 
727.2:1ANN 
OWW0f.fl Owe., 
Prienme 0.2en Owpw. 
blW... 0.3.*C.C. 
hay 
T 
l•wel ant*. 
NA m 
Cr, 1 L. nn 
%.% 
IONIIIIOLIAID 
nom *tea 0 
300MI1q 
onto. {line.. 
lymmam 
Omni'Omn 
ts.an tow wa. 
o 
no. 
Aciudemn 
Na 
FS% 
MI 
KW 
EFTA00811030
--- PAGE 98 ---
WM Mt 
WaWATC ( rye, Ile 
At Wee 
evore 
eve kueaSr. 0. E ... 
ed. 're ki no 
Perolcf.,u., Wm Le 
i 
, 
' 
SO VW -12014 W WISNI 
v. 
:,,,,r ., 
Isola 
ex ,. el 
1/SPJ. URI 
*WOO iC Lewes 
stoccea• Lane -Craton, 
to....e Coen 
tee. 
Oen to Go 
timmesso ...Cad 
I e 
Oa tame e 
WE., E e net 
Ce 'IV SOS,
ears, 
r 
. 
. 
l 
II 
T 
Wee le 
. ...,,i ,.... • ,,,s,. 
.., ,..... flan 
we 
,•^^ 
,IL 
el ere no 
.4. 
.0 in MOW. 
MM IMMO 
72/40[4. 
1.0 - I sacs1VAI IS I• 43a. 
s .....0..m.• an. 
0( 0. 
0. 
WA 
.. ..........i.... 
I0241002.1.0).ree 
fterenceu.....s. 
tem 
eau/ern 
r.....e..m. 
7W4i1100 
SAWAWASTS • We 
(*cad • Own le 
We•Tf• Cale 
Cmeeeler. OR 
-anoffir .... 0 0 'la WI 
Parse 
I 
1> 
T 
so 0...cs. pion:060= 
, 
.... 
W. 
Wall.) 
IWWWASTS • We 
iele.• 
f Me 
CleWerel 
OM 
Cled Fem. feel 
ere 
i 
Cs 
T 
KV I CM/ 
054.22.1 
.4 WI* 
l EH 
iiz•Jel 
...A 
reWone 
M./AM 
POI' eatEMOIA • 
NOW_ WOO $0001. 
Pee WSW 
elermliarre Her 
ea Sne nee 
IC 
T 
WUµ0n. 
' - , • -, ....X 
Moto 
)1,1,0, ncerdrell San, is, 
i' 1,,,,,,
Kee SI k• Me ,  4,
W Iir NOW •-.0 SOW 
tem 
Pete. 
Weal. 
IWOMASTS • 
PeerWe Owe 
savory A fin, a. • S.3 
Owe Nee 
Pearl 
WA 
S. 
, 
, 
Wall* 
CHM SYSTEMS - 
ewe 
eueoVarn 
[Melee Sew In 
SON Caner See 
Wale Int•CwwW, 
Na 
.0.4 
Its 
Me 
Wee] 
fr
iitg* 
C e 
les en... Wee 
V.4.1[E0eneWl 
....000.......r 
awe sc. 
NA 
n. 
, 
, 
TP44 WWI 
We SW/OPS• 
WaSee04 0  few • 
Weereel 
lee 
I 
NA 
n. 
Mu 
O. 
Ca. 
0.,ree ge. 
Welt,* 
WM 5n/OPS• 
wi
ld Car• naNtellan • 
On. %Vivre... 
Men We leo 
Coltiren eel. 
Semoisate M. 
Pee 
tAW Wen b 
[twee 
e 
WA 
Fn 
nu 
nu 
ROW. WI/ 
Gel SYSTEMS • end 
Cer•
laWen • 
PineW GM, 
aCol Ow Me fen 
Na 
M. 
Mu 
M•
Mend 
Wale 
GSM SW/ WS-
b.:Su Crane. 
• 
Cep Sea es Cute* 
Wee We* bno, 
f Melee Ben 
WA 
n. 
PW. 
M. 
7S7461084 
MOFWAPONSWIte 
OraniVIVOINS 9,a. 
JO -.me. cittm I 
ere 
I igt, Ow I SDI 
'Mitt& 
Mt 
o 
leel•Wwe• 
We ' 11 "
ve """°''. 
elms., 
WO/ We 
elWrfe 
W. wet.. ewe 
eel 
'kW** 
Sae. ma en ve 
an 
o 
2* 
o 
.1 . 
”wil MOW* 
Mtn WOMO 
Warle 
IlrOlellOM 5n/ Mm. 
Ow ewe 
See. 
Cep 0 NeW FM 
We WAIM• iv 
CI.301, FON,. Vain. 
I 
WA 
.4. 
Mu 
IVA 
31,414012 
Mon Gs willw . 
Pewee. no Peter 
Staten CONVAICIN 
ITS 
o MeV> re 
WIWOL in 
iwneet. •Iw WOM1ven 
W. OW.. 
Walla* 
V@
W (.4104 - 
V•lese.... eon 
es e Iwe 
mem. iroo.0.4..noas 
802e0WI 
Mom. two% . • Noma orione. 
Stu. 
Neste 
EFTA00811031
--- PAGE 99 ---
TWAT WM 
MIMOSM CCM:PATIO. 
SY:TM tatabecn • Oa 
Penes badman 
PCw
NA 
WA 
nu 
PM 
N. 
1047, 1094 
.n 
1: 
/. anrga 
VMS 
tniatt• 0 
twpw, !so 
maim. 
Upon.. elf IV a 
eb.nim 
+A 
Au 
n* 
rOMIM 
leikeit 
Aomori 
roma • mu Mall.. 
tialain 
MVO tre It 
Ccertnil no Suis Na 
ON. a, 0.11P•Wh• 
in.Rat• edited.* 
WA (JW - 04,01 
KA 
w),11103VIRD 
,1001 10140 
•04511, 9 
itiPOOPM AMWAY 
PONCA , &Ow Civd<1 
WA CM -WSW 
nu 
"OM MORD 
P*MIMMID 
mem, 
UDICONE 
WttukAr 
KAVER, Anti Peso 
WA/ MO 04.1) Pew 
won* ns Ta ,
Ganta Mane 
SW 
T 
basin. winds. 
f0241,1014,
letit•VinetOnelv 
FM esti 
RPM 104 
eget 
NAtON* 
Peedil sieve...M. nil 
....."
1,0,....
,
AD 
o 
NLICOMOW• 
IOWAN 
haat 
i•IMAtaivilm 
ra*.n 
NM costa 
TPAPIIII 
falle0PFE MAWR. 
POW01 Ccaotibr 
yam Pad ran 
c lr
i.
. 
17,3 
it 
r 
rt0"
,01 free 
1010101401 
teatilorai•apitda 
..... An) 
freeborn 
WM I'M 
a 
At A t
"
10410 Anne Prep 
OvitOulal[4.)8yAe. 
011.4.• II* cc* Pon. 
I:AU...V:04U 
WA 
*SS 
Mt 
W. 
r n . "
1“ 
fallaint MAMMY 
POWER Adaneirl. 
thictbel 4. Sole. 
Ow. N./40.n Am* 
Intone:TN wt. 
a1. C40014 !VW 
Iiiscios 
TV•.,nAs in 
taws. 
WA 
VAS 
nu 
n... 
rlf.01147 
ASKAIMMAtoRT 
...MIA Anne Prep 
OA oloWt. Wm. 
Chive. • .1 Paanikwir 
V* tow PM wt. 
Awe,. Cone L4
01. 4 'Ia. VAitnlinr. 
Na 
.0 
nu 
n.. 
T. 
LIME 
AkatoN• 
reidA semodine Pros 
tht00•14•Syylw 
bung nous., P.m 
was...sow Y.* 
into' 
Ciao •• set. 
Now Yes Taw Ala
,
Pas o
, 
Na 
M. 
WA 
n+. 
.T. 
nil 
ISOM 
MALAN, 
FON
in/too Pint,
Ra .,. My
ined olx...... 
tab •  
 trevOO0. 
Mobs Kowa' swan 
Poor in 4/Con. i WM 
Na 
nu 
W. 
WM. Itli 
MOOPAI MM AY 
KWWW Amami Ann. 
w/o.* Ow 
AlSingri ethinlyal• 
...dry...W.0TO% 
SW we, Knee.' Aufial 
Paw UV GlICIPIL ISM 
WA 
nu 
k+. 
'Wenn 
4/4001.10•VER NOT • 
AairrPn 
VTffiew Ow 
POwT Chow to.A.wee 
nratu-.. :ea @wo's 
*woo at. mo ATP 
O
 in 
Fe.w.
.
) 
WA 
nu 
n,.. 
47411W4 
AseOnst okwutAv 
KWWW 4•110, Peso 
trallIMAkSpiiMm• 
Pm. r•Auarp Pon 
WO Sup Nal Whe 
Mina Gm Oa SeP 
bad Ye. ryas.,  ANA •• 
WA 
nu 
k+. 
EFTA00811032
--- PAGE 100 ---
PP. IS 
woiourronsn vin • 
hann. 
.... .,....., 
OP. Crow to &lay/ 
Pewonlit Sep ROO W.e• 
awn Don Tol• 
WS noon 
AT* T. 
noo 
Na 
v. 
TA 
71,45.11) 
Wati4RT POMP MIA. 
tasty Par UM Dial SP 
en Chop es Maly 
h.. , In Sty Seel Owe 
patron MUSS? 
Son Va. Vitin Asp in 
. T.T.T. 
WA 
T. 
mu 
u. 
7114511,11 
.04014NE ALCOUINV 
IONOI• API Mali. 
Owe, Chop f•Aaarf 
Pow In Sep Nom WA. 
anvil Co. so Sup 
!km,. Van whop.. 
F' 4'''..
N'A 
T. 
mu 
nu 
TOTS no 
AiReCI1FE AlACUAlly 
POW* ninnw 
nfon font 
Nonni 0 Satin 
Ann Ton Inv OA 
Aetna LOW OALPM" 
trantanna. ut. 
N'A 
TA 
700) in 
Anna 
AANtAlir 
n2WOI WU Rana 
no. nos 'inn, 
how Lot Sownson 
a r10 IA C410014 6•10
6.00 Ye. ".•,, Wit wir 
Ann 
NA 
ICA 
N, 
w• 
TATSTIONI 
stn.Clut • Conn 
Oen 
Z 
0........annt 
7............onn 
Tr 
ro il...Mon. 
w)... *Mon. 
7041•10.1 
SD
 notion 
Tonnown 
Tway 
A.0.2•Sed. 
I 
IS 
T 
Al 0,.. €0.0,,,,4 
.1 tilt 3, 
A no 
mato ...I 
.............e. 
TAMI INA 
SINXTAPAT non 
poneenawao 
no 
Ann 11 
I 
s T
Damen 
Na 
.4. 
mu 
mu 
7174011M 
0000 fronond • 
Monnanonionw 
I 
Na 
a ....roma-a •••• 
no. vna non 
N. ono on on TA 
en....,. 
ettaaat 
hem 
...nos. 
70.420 . 
Ann nave 
ronneknon• 
on 
San 
omen. 
WA 
,A0E 
OOw. VOW 
non, 
Ton•Svneortnon 
To 
7-0420.41 
CVO Ea? Owen 
On Dz.840 
rupee.. 
a 
Na 
a
,,, 
....., ,, ,,,. „ 
0070146 
Ten Mu* 
nannrin 
I04201.41 
COORS- NI Gay Sinn 
Odes• Uwe Inns. 
Conn niu mna 
Na ON -WNW II TO 
ICIPAR041 
Ion 
To 
W.211.411 
Winn 
ono* 
Alan 'kola linwli 
Inn 
Swoon 
—a,.' 
I 
• CAV • MCA .. 0717 L. 
AI .10nonk 
non noN 
Wain 
Ontiotononvo 
N• 
7047.01 
COONS. non Ante 
ONA•••••> loons 
l • 
N.Conln 
Kann 
If 
u•Nonnanaan 
P.01.•••••4000MFM1.001} 
fa n &Rib relewlan 
M104•••• 
CoNon WAIT 
40n. Coo 
t."...A.^.4 *men 
Ines ea Dam. Cr.. 
maim 
?mum. 
COORS two 
Cava.. Om Pa 
Caw On non.° 
'amt.% Res all 
IN 
We W414....",
Na 
.1. 
nu 
Na 
70.47.04 
000AS trod /nit 
•
rano Non on. 
:polo/a StrOwn 
. 
A 
A, • ... 
Win, 
TT• 
wino 
Tora 
no. 
wenn, 
DOORS Omni, inn 
inwerm. ”fis, 
I_
 noon. 
I 
I. 
T 7....
. ...N• 
no.....A... A 
t•Wintiv,a 
nonven 
7/001.19
e 
COON. Do Wm.. 
g7"n rTn""
ITT°Tv
in Ann 
OEN 
mon annen 
I 
warners non roma. 
so win 
.000).... 
nave, 
lintonn 
. ....waian 
71/42.1144 
COMA tewal mil fa 
Cep 
Yowl 
. 
itCerciale• 
100.1...i<4 
'WO. terydri • Wu., non 
Gyp Ow tank:Om. 
71740•1145 
MMai 
tn 
enyne• tro On 
table Sty Vs -Met 
On 
. 
wino, An 
TX 
mOu11104.41, 
piCm1•104.4 0 
EFTA00811033
--- PAGE 101 ---
474211.13 
COONS - 1 azireGaa. 
liss • Mon 1.6.1.....3 
Cowl:ma - 1..o.oan ea 
AM. 
00,a1 ea 
g, g 
, 
:kw., I CO(P.p..., 
la. 
gyapay.x. 
pe)irtiroime0 
pv)intoo•RO 
71,42.1171 
DOCRY La* u(ax• 
On. 0,,  1.. 6`./ 
Atocanni - ntgacan 
laser u:Idlvit• an 
GnOuT i -Oen. °Mkt/
gam a. VA.. .4010•11 
to.......,,,niaaa,.. 
goo wrogukik.reste 
rsaw..a.I.Inpo. 
.......
u ....'"'" 
- 
' 
lav aotantA.ata Set ...•. 
again. or.. 
.e.metecasen.e01.--.. • 
mactar.ompal • fan.. •••• 
vi.4 suo.a.a Watt 4r. 
...a., 
turax.a. 
domn 
to Tstaro. nT4earsT. 
st.....tliatt.ocaas mad 
w
......
a ....,...,,,. 

..,,,,.....),..W. Sta am n 
vt....sartoicatr• aa., — 
nonce a.aainiaaa, a
1..1....4 ro4rea.  u .. 
• 
Ma ••••••••• ......... 
Vas h. 
y.
'ran 
a. 
.”..d
.. ,^...'
gog.a ...pg.. 
1.  .“...^..,- 
. ' 
...."0 " 
9001 
tub Twl mem% 
in . sti• WO, 
TM: . 1,2 
00C4I5 - rasa *rue 
noose • lbeng el 
reranunorox. 
......w.., 
WA 
70434173 
OOP:TM° MISTA.• SFr 
T.•••••
•0 0..w 
DapoSatO/of kale. 
P3 
Upon. 
OW.. titt 
Vonov 
It 
T 
kecentene• 
•,......• ......p...... 
. 
.......ti. . a es. ,...,, .,. 
tn...enan it.....5...: . 
teener's...Iles.--
, • 
....p.d......• 
.4.TTAT., ...a ..... • L. 
......,*+•,...,“, 
a•ama.neest sow. 
'',..“.• 
P. "....'" 
wat
. " * "” Prn ill ' w' 
anis. 
x,••••. -••••
COOPS 
I
- n , 2 45 
aaintaP. 
*Haw. elltat Ian ora faii 
71/4341174 
61w. 6.0 
Fn., Peas .taurp 
I 
NA 
M
EI 
n. 
Nv• 
‘ s
wall), 
0008 W f ram/ Ott 00o 
Look. nines • 
R 
i 
P2Care 
T 
C. C Oft MIS 
7173 401
.1 
NM 
p„..„.,„......,..p.,,.. 
k.p.,,p,,,,,,,p.........r 
up 
Tara ca......... -.4... •• 
.naaterna.n.9.a...e.te 
, teaavana r.... es. 
FM) /1a$4frOti :Ws sausau 
tat...a...Lai.. 
,,,,,,,,,,, 
ypa
i 104 ;Camas 
orry0:01
9d.I.PitPaCtinak 
mue. 
TP42 MT 
COONS- Ewan to gem 
• (hook..., hna To. 
WA 
a.. 
WA 
wa 
TP421110 
00088 Fon.) 0041• 
..0.• 
• Ammo. 
raw Arum ;m.o. 
I 
NA 
ae4 
IVA 
717.14013 
woos- NI Cep • C.• 
lisii%C.A.concom 
Coaarrnma ." ea 
..,.....
I, 6•40,T RICO 
W.W.I, 
. 
WA 
nn 
PO 
Iya 
MUM., 
DOORS Univ.0Y 
OtTn • Ka. Van WHO 
0.0 Ox....• I e••• • 
Patina 
glapionei 
U
Cuit..‘004d. 
Wan. I.) 
Inn • 010 Ow i....... 
my.. i.e.. 
.
40, 0
7$14,1060 
FtMELAOf Ferw.00.1* 
%Pre b.a...1144tlka 
Avon. Mayas. ins 
haw 
WA 
 *SS 
KO 
ova 
7$14,1065 
Iu
vesion Nat. 
D+ 
Ow 0.4w..... 
WA 
Ass 
WA 
94a 
EFTA00811034
--- PAGE 102 ---
MOM/ 
nifty= 
• Sawa tray 
Damp 
Arian 
ial
Maw. Swan 
ISIlealannilior 
WA 
mu 
mu 
Weill. 
11.1“1.1.“ • La • llsobp 
Um N Frei Sewn 
61‘.0,0010.14110 
/OAS r Hi envy. 
Wen fricsim 1T AC* 
Mwow Voilmien 
Na 
WP 
m 
AMMO 
Tt/fELAC.E Nam. 
Pow./Aw /Wm wW Me 
INN P•31....1 
Na 
/1. 
nu 
NA 
TIMMS] 
FlIbEL‘OE At lis, • 
Pala% 114u1, NSF
rwa n 
/ 
WA 
SIM 
KM 
WA 
AMAMI 
FUVELAGE • SCCION 43 • 
STR .7 Aw Cams 
61.33illimPTAIM 
• 
WA Lacy 30/X0wan 
SIM 
WWI Mundt. 
mOu1SPitte 
14,431219 
rut 
44~N 
&NA VASA11•111.111 
0.041.1,1..I.s NRes 
31.
Na 0a0270/X0CS.01 
MI/AUL if, n a ,.. 
14,0 HS& 6
lam -VW moan St. 
frown • el 
•
sie f ...411d 
Nstiestor 
w0431123 
ttlfELAWE w.p.m../ 
Ww. UMW /Mimi 
(//pmemi 
r3 
T 
OW -.0A HAM Lilt 
~RAZ 
In n 
PM 
nmatv 
Ft/WIAM 1.0•1010.11 
les•Wird Soap 
Ans. 
T 
Cut. 240)00. 
Ones2.41 
lent- Hu*. sa wam. 
Is vne 
weal we., 
15,431103 
AMELME Pfnt Be. 
los [An- raysetvin, 
Stalca SS - SPC•••11 
reins 0.1 ilogaewsn 
I 
totni:s 
413,12 / C V -42(11 14 UM 1.: 
afikillab.316 IS 
MOMS 
UM 
N.
a 
/1343113.1 
tuteLME Pato 
03,111,01•11.1111A1011•41 
A/0mM 
DX /A I I 
WA 0..10224F00 WOW 
10% 
.0.131140.01t0 
P.001.30.0.10 
AMAMI 
rusna • Are T/M4. 
A. itiprT•Pril. 
coisT PaSrtsvPrt 
• 
T ISONroblis, 
X% 
PC•1111.3usia 
MOsil SPAY° 
717.33.031 
trate. 
. • Calm. tal 
M Sok. si:uilsk310 
mr# "v. Wa0 Owl 0.1e1 
W.
 al WI 
ivagi 
20S 
T 
CM - 4¢R1, PASTA a E. 
.1 31112 1_ AS 
OW / /43 
MC *4I • Hr. 
Ill .. Mews sa non. • 
*rod 
.1A 
m0.1111.3usia 
Pa atildinii 0 
r04:112,13 
Noma) Ex testa,* • 
wpm/maw« 
.1 
Oalt01$07,00. 
Y. 
nONT14001t0 
•31.1103.0•0 
APO 11N
f 
rupwara • II MM. 
Center/ • Sap. AO e 
SAO • PAM...Aire' 
fl 
'CV I VII 
CLIM 
II nin WS 
go 
ht: 
f0244 I s 5 
IpoLf•ati.. 
nen I, inn 
wel.)53.1 
Pw
il let.M 
Tram 
C./ 
0.M.. 
AS 
TwiTMAWeinawec.mw 
rawn mamma. MORN
‘
lm
eaRr
-P•am 
tO2WAS:5 
um 
moms 
WPAPPIWP 
we 
BAPpw• • lIMPAIT. 
WICIA swww.DAtaw • 
Wm.. Amome 
ram . 
m
 ibmommom 
SO 
0..1p1.13M00101(1110. 
Y. 
.3111140011t0 
.31.1S00110 
7374Ains 
Arilbrit /p.m we 
SAM. • (1.30MAP. 
10,0 en Stil.s1 MSS, • 
DX./ 4.i• 
IS 
Da bs ItXtecris 
AIM 
Wat111.3usia 
mOu1SPitte 
MO -1M 
/1.164M SUMO 
C.* II401.0 nel1 kr- 
WS) bld el UM, 
SSW s 
, 
'Sawa, Tin 
"""2"1 " ..".4..
SA 
Una• Healey fultdall 
NN met 
7-043 MP 
Mita 
- Psityte 
MA lb m- MAMA w 
MOM. To In 
Allenle1 
Na 
MU 
mu 
NA 
71743.0.1 
An1111..bar., 13• 
RAMA* Ps.v Topa 
. 
T MW/Ma 
numius 
umnirmo Iwo. Im 
ww tem. 
712411VII 
FLISCIACIC • lima ea 
/41412 Cirecatn. • 
CamilemPnwars 
cabala. 
,, 
rel0T10, 1'10 
IMAMS 
7,241. Sten -Cseptenerenva 
famosintows 
Nishostor 
73,7431M 
EUSELACS - !man 
:near. Al.,, POW
. 1•4 " La 141.0 kW> 
b.11.1 rewn.. 143, " 
MAWS, 
, 
T 
WON* 7.1r* 
PAYSI.111 
at ounbsi -A 
onme usage Won tan 
Nsmi Torte 
TP4> MI 
fuPEAVA (Waal.. 
MOvitereVe rqp is Asp 
TAM Walown 
OW011r1.01, t2N)11. 
ST" : 
102e1011(1 
.914 
Itiohn•Ar 
EFTA00811035
--- PAGE 103 ---
IVA).02 
Maw= • void IAA 
Va
MVMVr. kW. 0.3 
Inowns Anion IMAM 
I
An wa or..nee 
...raw 
v2vAnt• 
ruuu.MJ. 
N WW2 
KtIMOVIA 
Nn. AMA.' IAA as 
ba........A.w........ 
sem. to Arl 
....W.A., 
IVAPPIIVI 
own ,
ea 992.
/An AAA'.
 OS iiii 
AIWAr. CvnAst vs 
ii.r.A. CAA War nod 
. 
MS 
MAXWATAI OWN MAO 
ICCOX0.1.0f 
4.04.4......0. um.. 
4.......c....wi. Avon. 
" 9."
.9
r043 WM 
int V,* fin Low 
FAA•A 0 a). 4 WV 
tAdo•AW AA PARANA 
CAA. Ake Vanden int 
W 
Oaty MOW WAN 
bfraw 
w.f..  fa
orywa A ..., 
.........., 
Aso wont 
r043 IAA 
isafava • haw. 
*Ake( my, An 
finael An n* 
IVeAvar. 
Na 
AA 
nA 
IV. 
VIASAin. 
ruVELVA - fissaww
CAA row- ASA WIll 
LbL.o Atuisr. 
I 
View 
3.• 
DA bi 7ACOcies 
ww.).... I 
An.wret. • Sui2Wfm Ain 
ne4 ref* Pa Anasen 
raw mow 
71143$120 
IruiCIAGA - town. 
Awdeirs !WA. -AA 
Caw Asa Tat tram. 
• area Masan 
2,2 
, 
' 
IA orgy ireo• NW amens 
Kafinif.I.2 
IA IA Ara, Vets 
Ax.,......01A Riad AA foe 
Asia...tan 
PAW AAA. 
names 
71143 NM 
linziAta - at • Orvi• 
W Ml llasis to 
Awbv•AA:uo. IA To 
VW 
0211,10202 Ads 
AA 
RO in 
M. 
PlOWIWWW0 
WWI WV 
NSW 
Ywn. 
Apr) Clap Ouvw• 4 
010,0 n• re Stuy• of VA 
VW Is 0,••• Al DIA 
ow...duct.. Sr.* 
Pau 
• 
WA 
nt
AO 
WA 
ThASAllill 
VOW= - rulDJAL • 
Owes AAA in AAI 
taw. Pre wi• &lea 
On
... A.2Am,, pew 
• 
Na 
Av 
NA 
A043.10 
MALAGA - :now 
I...4O;4.4.ot - rants 3 
AVIA.,..... • AA as 
ins es. MA Anion. 
, 
if 
0.* by Itecfcfs 
KA 
Ai in %MORD 
NOM MORO 
WWI*, 
Wwwfa - An • Cw.r• 
Sew AA Acivarinl 
Wallakin R.V.V•We 
NA 
KA 
AA 
5.1 
RAW OW 
(OEMS* Peattia..* 
taitm•ArnievIl• 
Iwo INC NA info.* 
sho•wahr. Ina r 
AAA* 
fw.cfcn AA 
;of 
NVI I vip CA Rai] 
'I MIRO 
L OW 
PART VOW 
WAN'S 
... ?MOD 
wok+,  I.: 
saut• Nave Wifignika 
r.ie rg • woo. ...swot 
Ramo*. 
TRW HAI 
Far.4•• VAA 01•1...1 
AAA.. Can in • 
Awnwnexass • 
A If 
OS W CAA WA,
.4. 
AVM itent. 
miint00/0 
fIASAIMS 
V 
Of 
OrtrlOwnik NAPO 
IiirAim f .s,, • fwAvvori 
MAN 
. 
WA 
s.,A 
510 
As 
TV431104 
IiivELAVE • Saw • Own 
*11 AA Aspannora rd 
if fiWiawriii 
%Oka., A.Vinka 
WA 
VW 
PVA 
AA 
TV43 ON 
WOMB 
flWAL.WE Caw 
OTAWWWWw•I Inv. 
• WWII.. Inf AA. 
terrlOwww. New.. 
. 
onto haw C.40...)• 
Ann 
Air. 
fuf by IttOWIAM• 
Mu 
niiriftaf WC. 
WWI Waal° 
WA 
WA 
W. 
.VA 
71141004 
IingiAra -Own AA-
Pon W. Pa. AvAll 
V 
WA 
AA 
W. 
.VA 
n f Al tin 
Immo= - fawn 
/wed Owlipt -Anew I 
A ver•Www • IVAIalo. 
I 
WA 
Av 
no 
WA 
I04
WASII 
linziAra - Snow 
konWerinit • 'Wow I 
ANA. f v.., • 1...Avori 
. 
Na 
A, 
nu 
WA 
IVAlifil 
ft/WAWA liw• Sin 
AAA. 
Na 
AA 
‘6% 
N. 
EFTA00811036
--- PAGE 104 ---
717420-0011 
NnGLAGE - %a . 
igaidond Nor PArs sa 
Lam rumao• 
Na 
n.. 
nu 
‘3, 
MOHO, 
nas2vA2 - •2.2nee• 
330canNasco 
ffiu....*••••.> 
Ca••••Yilin Eep
roloaka C. Fres. La 
O 
2.2 
#41
•NoN"
w.n Par 
Na 
Yu 
3, 
vs 
71742,IM, 
ONEWN 
i 
MIS 
P3. GA 
ribasupylla 
tvinanokana ruse 
t. ty.m. ....... on.. prer 
• x..., t. te sx. ow • •ent 
,.. I- -.En, pi...rte... 
DIM 
.). ,iatQoi b 
..).11.414.* 0 
ViroolhaTi. 
Lan Sea.. Oen • 
Lane Pees liectaele 
V' a 
la . irdil•Marirl 
"s" 
ilIVELACC • hoisite 
fepaFa.
rrtabNanwpos ay lia
l' ." 0" 
"3£.rarvGal 
Prww BAN 
. 
Na 
AO 
au 
n.. 
TP41041 
n130-ati•Snan 
Orsasaserce • Nat, 
Mary f now • hwran 
ear 
AN 3323 
30.3 
DuNi&CNNIN So I* 
11741.1%.1 
10220301nil VA 42N Ian 
'Nygren .22 Nem toin . 
Simmons( ri•• sign. 
111•44*.tray.,••• 0 MIS r. 
will,....... •
neenent 
NMI SO 
FINELASE N.. 
roasioNIVOIN201.3 
pew fate 
. 
Na 
*SS 
n.44 
.V. 
754,1,44 
13:20400rtetsraaneS 
• Snout nal*. 
4141.0.0.C.,..• 
Alt Van 
Na 
Y. 
KO 
ova 
71.742A1 MO 
I Ot LKIE ...nos 004 
OA... 2.232.2 pars 
TemeOcumr. 2N INN' 
3na 
NA 
kw 
au 
Nfs 
711424Vit$ 
Nast cc ra.
Gag Sow.. Dan. 
ft * mitre. Co•wi - 
146•0", Raps we 
Na 
Ka 
no 
no 
23242NN43 
cucta 
`N.. ca.n 
Or> OwartSon Cireol• 
taw towns, tur• an 
ern 
• •••.kn 
ttalailen rs1 Rope 
Na 
K3 
no 
pv. 
232430172 
FIAIELAa Naas,. 
West Fa Cor in Lemr 
gan1/41•1•••••il 
ADAM arma
Na 
WA 
no 
pv. 
Ta142A080 
FUSCO= • Soh :ear 
ham • We Ca a 
ar Maks 
fl
 abaa a Stair,. 
N INN  in INNvit• 
04wq• en furs 
Na 
%A 
no 
pv. 
71243111/10 
'2UfALACf lama. 
#222.2(NaNs anal 
N•32.52‘...2$ Oaf 
846,..C.o.nettge al 
U.... 
W0.,
S 
NA 
.4u 
no 
pc. 
7174MUM 
FUMY= Nag :St 
10IGN,Ciwan Ih•Paal 
WO Cm., VNettc..1 
1... 
$ 
Na 
DIM 
au 
Nfs 
71/413.223 
FOIELAa IECION. 
Oa • PreDU4.22*0 
&Sow. 
a 
M 7-0,C0
n1 
Na Cut3 N10 .W 
AD since% • 634 
.4 is.W.Q. 
An-gra. ,rn.i a 
wed mai., 
212424.232 
CUSEVOE la, 
220.0424•236up 
Ireitla• Morro 
Pftwetableacila 
2073 NO,
;NOW - lita4. la NILO I. 
Mt 
f 0 . CM t , PetZ1 
.0 ' 0
'mull:WM 
....,......232.• 
..............01.4ove xi 
...•, ,n.
,4944,0wotnns 
r.v 
7......wiftteMt.rn 
Y. 
.).1114t0%.> 
1.001 'MAW 
73/43M230 
{USE NOEAWIC0.40. 
SOWN,* 242 
Nita, 44 
2, 200, 211. 
Na 
OM - $02,201. m ARO L AI 
00 00.012 
m)Ftel2C0(114A0 FOR 
lardit000003,203 
ars • P i . iin tens 
• Coma I • GWACI 
a2 'Anew • 034 
".. 
0320.00u23 
IN MOUND 
PP4241241 
FuSetmE NOS WO 
6.0.10* ret. Slily PA 
DI fin/FM.14M 
NTT** 
11' isNal 
Na 
Y. 
nu 
.V. 
• 
Cann OverCno 
21742ANN 
FLTALNIE lavas, 
wear. kin* 
redais Solna /al 
Vel"
n " 
, 
T
20CW • alteli it Non' 
IX. 
.1. 
nOMII000/0 
001310 ttial0 
IIPIZA Ile 
an:CO.4E - ille*Sala,
A NifiR•veste• (...0.1 
an Nat t•TN, AM 
M110, 
CO 
Oap..)24M) inin 
.1. 
w)IJI.tairt0 
00.310t00,t0 
EFTA00811037
--- PAGE 105 ---
127.5201161 
Rite** 
ta0 . Mei. 
0,ti• hipotse 
MOLL 
tan 0 000.001.0•14,0a. 
n•••••••••b.••••,••••• 
...v.v.,. •••••1 t. •••••••• 
• ,..........u.•••• , . 
' .1...``'.°
Von11/0014, ,r01.1).41hrl 
VA Mi, VA 141.I0i ..a 
.4.w...4rens ILAN La 
MA 
nu 
Mu
TELSILIS3 
Sum 0% inner 
1......• .C.Lkr•••• 
a Mew., 
I 
200. IS al 
A - Lw • i, Lyn PI so, I L 
MT 
,• 
r. • , • , , 
....... 
Mu 
•••NaTobasit0 
Win MOW 0 
127.31%titi 
fvfkLACIE nosed 
(tura 
LW bow To 
Sip kw* Edo • 
...*L00% 6.0.0 
lAmilama. 
I 
Na 
AO 
nu 
La 
TEMILIM 
NtetALE !ay. 
r•i000101.0•0w f0 
tout.* 
I 
"Lama 
a. 
A i••••• .1,a9M.P. MO I. 
'.Q 
MI • •••• ...revs 
...a...) ••••••) 
.... 
'Owl MUM. 
Win *MAO 
717.5aralta 
FUteA00 On • SOY* 
Burdens. eel. 
at en al n:••••••••• 
pour ILL* ed 
Wars, 
WA 
L. 
nu 
n. 
4$0430130) 
ILSCIACL Lit • C... 
Su 1.•• In nucLorc• 
04•••14•0. a Istry• 
 4. 00••••• Beat Oar 
an 0.0 Wet Wel MO 
Na 
M. 
nOnTobasit0 
Win *MW 0 
717.51.023 
IruiLL•LC • ran • 
000400a fawn STA 
II0 Saw Own 8 MP 
lo Lill VA )07 6.0.0•• 
brow 810 b 0 ZIA. 
ad STA SO 000•••• 
*mane LA b 0 at 
nine.. Stop adrin• 
a SIAM .imptier. 
obsion• •L. Rya 
Na
DIM 
roan Moen 
u1040u0t0 
Watioala 
I vtELAOE F...01I01 
!Mao. 0•1•81.•••• 
WM 12? BMW two 
alIMOINS• 
- 
nate., 
obslonr. avnispir 
WA 
Mu 
,. 
WA 
"WI:AIM 
Iiiizt•Lc Lin • 
irs••••. nary. 
roast 
Pa 
NSA
tesikmar. 
La 
.0. 
TILLVana 
,1B
ra, ..2
flot.ELASE tat* knoll 
b0) ear 
Ow.• Lew 
r•••••••••4 
rum. 
WA
One* 
Lv. 
no 
n. 
n.t.usn, 
MINX 0•••••• dal 
0.0Lati, Inc rune To 
%INFIRM Itie• SISTA 
Memo. Sow Wee 
%reg. 
0•0404. ,
hir.“•000ill 
Prtorow.bboirsin 
Na 
X% 
nu 
L. 
Walt Ott 
IwLAa. Me .S14 ue
Lantraaisteolt. 
Lugar. 
3313.0..23
*AM 
IE 
ITO 
MEMEL 
G AO,. . 
OCWG
P
50 II i ii0. 
*Cleat %.00) Cs% ill 
ta Mill tarkoida• kW 
I rte. 11,111*.t• k• b. e.i 
..)L.. 
1.6.4* NO a •.••• to... 
— 
1•1•••••0.% 04 ia, 41.. , 
le°
n't  
" 
ru•••••••••••••• •••••••-. - 
Law•••••••••••..,.... 
•-••••••.•••••.....• 
........... 0..0..4.. 
tvz et•Mma•baaol.... , 
• ly. 
Lac...Ian...al 
EFTA00811038
--- PAGE 106 ---
naonkin3 
niiCIACIC • eery Sitil. 
SICMiniatoKlt.latsd• 
•Wob Le Ran 
tta TOSS 
:4 
I pz,"...zr...:,.....". 
/a0.0.140.110 
tOVAON u.. 
M1 ••••1,... 
ry• eft ha', Idreette414, Ifil 
IV 131.121i 1,00 of N. ‘0 .
MOS.. tettrtoo4n,t, . 
Latiorslawaissa+a 1.•• 
twasurotortora,.- 
otstetecann..—...• 
nt di assootatott,...• , 
re.... may. tor, 0 ,...... 
nary...on...0v 
wavy...Inas Meuse toPK4 
lava.. ternossti ow 
astohotertto re...0st 
Ntalittsat seen so nal 
ttaar tamp,. /sena. 
:as.. 
aa 
t. 
arVOC,
LC**. Mani 
ardIsh0 SS 
07.0•1140 
Sam as:COqua a Nit 
4•0300.gano.• 
torrolOrsoOloS 
0014400,*(toisa 
RM W.
a 
0441011 
MALIILCSINOONIONS• 
SW -M 
MO.. 
e S oda 
a taps au Snsam 
10:anzt 
T 
Cat • 4101 K ON L4/ 
CW • 4 1101 H 
1011.1L110 
SJackaarbitsStta 
Oat. 4TOtatOo tt• Mr 
a. 
PrOUISIOuttif 
oKoll KOLAS° 
0744104, 
MALILLCS/4101.0.11NS• 
Slial•haiKoteneSolal 
ge.• s. .4 a. tu.sers.• 
a1040, 
333333 tt 
NA 
SON -42C0 II Ian LK/ 
Si -an mon* 
t'3
333.3 
r"33
- inn 
II nu 0 l 210 
lit, in tan ...sand 
Katt 
AD *Mena in 
t 5
stialltiOott. 
100100l0 
17441011 
WELLES(' MOM Y 
Fatal • itaalatment 
a 
Sr. 
ctor 
al taOal• 
ambits co at. 01. 
3:04070. 
la IS 
Os .tas its?? PI 1,(00 a 
ins 
Pisa I Pro IY• 0W 
• lb IL.. 
tta4 Spoof • Spoof 
la141%0? 
Mina 
Y. 
075.10111 
etirtn,g
ErsoottortltpItria 
V.s.on, Myatt. 
. 
T 
M CV!. TISIIMS1 14 PM 
zos
oht. 
ronnaono 
,onneauto 
8744,00 
INCIILESSII.ONS • Setl 
0,n." 
a* - M I S.,
Cnoatods AtaroSo 
.N001. 84
420112101 
I05 
T 
RI- CM -3400 14 114, I: 
PM 
SO- nays 
ma* oloonta arol0 
02K0Olatt 
inn 
...non 
0744100 
eftliastoYS SOS 
...t..e.o. 
0.4... 
=Once 
T 
OW -5001) 5.11050 latal 
K010001, 
ten.4ntal• &serf Ka At 
scram 
Maas 
Y. 
tP44 WI 
INCIIISien.OMS • SIN 
ball tanio• Tann. 
Osor0 Woo Su
'POI 
I 
MI NOS 
t. 
T 
SCNO15411og0.11 OS l 
10/2 
Mb nano:* Spas. • 
OAS40104
tagsaastel•tramiretosal 
alsItalsoisnan 
arelsstor 
71/44100 
ft
ilitialoYS 00 
On f•airs WI 9aq 
Moos* se 
Mn
..
IrsatosoAtoat 
20010.14. 
Z0,11, 02 
SS 
it 
oSacitols• 
a , atoms, St0o. tO40 
',a.k.a.,/ la 0010.1. 
elna.114JILI• USK 
tamaastn•Lotemoaf ism 
helatet0 
. wW 
71/4410K 
inn:0.080*AG.. Eno 
tsar. 
SOS NOSS 
Ian MM Oath WS 
tfloast 
St 
• 
Darn. Oflonniti nand 
MW/ 
•400014114 
unsex ON Penn. nu 
tau sins
casaba OnVist esti 
Sad 
Onsets DMUS 1101VISNI. 
40e1SIOLSIS 
P.n. IIHOuffe,
75,4•105. 
ISLO1CSIPVLONS • SKI 
bWatteerlo•SinINI 
tonSpial2141Stea 
nes. 
GROS. 
ts 
Continnt 
%.ao e. • ...1•010•4 .1 
'vat s ittratotina
, o. a 
.....4t Itsasta•astato 
..........a.i.n....4 
1-• -0 0.4 Mans rota.* 
Mn. 
, — n• nos torso, ratan 
10' 240.14 
141%4011/S40 
AA ti ma 
rata OS 
10)01105)
ap 
SlOatet 4 Ks/sal 
teem •Coest IrmbHIrOo 
auto%) 
NA 
nss 
Mt 
al 
71/41I00 
•8000. 210
TO Its ter. 
I 
41043 
WA A 01, a040 
I"  r
 °' ' a
100•1010 
molatateleaaoat 
as 
MSS-IOU 
V00104 80 0Ilata 
Y001 0•44•0000st 
reins ati Cent Fa 
Sliatati 
mamas 
KAI 0.04 
T 
AD oe0.0.•631. 
23150110
Wats.. 
trolt- Van. nitro. 
NIA
TV411011 
FaCCO ROWS" Curs 
Ma • IhOtaarsoi 
H 
NAM 
Os oo reacces.a. 
en,. 
enna, 
01.000144saa r 
sot -tyfenstntesnore 
ef ras e sap mos as 
nototoenn 
r0511.04 
04210110•Hatemat 
Van s•isspok a lad 
lista 0 Tao trice 
01.14 11••••••• Th. 
Weill( MOW. MS TM 
Snare thisSIC011o 
&sae. 
I 
230.0540 
AVM - 1,5 it .1 Ut4 L 
100 
Pal Aa 0015 ton 
i ., 
PAYOU-0 
tam -Poona Sancti 
untotoi 
N. 
EFTA00811039
--- PAGE 107 ---
NM 1W 
SIISIXIIPS• nausea+ 
Stant • Iwo. 
at. 
In rain.* etcAttn.' 
Anvil Swam. no 
Anvil SranarCeis 
l 
: 411 It 
LW ."7.•12 I. 6i50 l 
I.A3 
150 - Army. 
wet • in.**l• and 
ICCAPI03• 
•IurAllordri•midasaitiais 
a•Wwwwl0e/sesera Wine 
NC•WHI:ra 
POI. 
NM 1g1 
STPAILINAS• lArnaaa 
i ma., Tray Dip
34S
TN Cords:ft 
ird 
T 
ii, 
C., 
',M.,/ 
0..., 
0) 
WttniyIne• Agionne•40) 
sermIKAInteOnlypramel 
WelOnpnvent *Win% 
IsOptim" 
mra. Meer, midancia tubas 
Nenterelb0e4wet* 
Onsli tolteln.Arteti• 
maim./ SIA•crAirannave 
maneuiraftopUr0~I 
PWAlcorfor 
WHIM 
STADLIIIIIS• Hatted 
Sate . AO& W. 
loseann3
, 1,1•MAin 
i 
01.1111
in y. 
'n,....t...AW)
........sys.ataltetnnyA. 
101.400307 
'wig, gone, inhetia Salim. 
inst•Onnefase• 
Mies*. 
71,451043 
sflatallAs • Hanged 
at t
' 0.0. 1 "" 
As8sw In!. /IV, Win 
thtrynIttrInterdft 
X0•01.10 
W 
0.06/%0:0(1110. AV 
norrin lanai 
lAiMalifit 
Isal..AenThi• .• en. foLian 
...Sin 
Mies., 
71,4SIOIM 
SIASIXIIIIS• Whom, 
sus• 
List Lt. 
anSI.S.Men 
WA 
Ax 
Nu 
WA 
atIA*14 
O
OII • SS. Pima 
. 
WA 4, 010.1.i(rare 
ii).0•10i4 
1.....ter.•troxre 
Alaan 
+Al
fa 
P.P.S0044 
MrfAT
INA Fal Salr 
“.y.PasjAaptgonool r 
I 
T 
PCA. -t'.4. s }Pal t 0.,
RI - Novo. ve. 
8034100311 
isall• Arnison Inns 
WA 
re4WIM 
Ol.a 00 amt 
/3 IACII 
NA fc -V. -GM, 
.0 inle/SA•l• 01 
10% 
.)I27110Witt,
II0011304A.0 
TAMAIR2 
OAMAIIIIIIS.D.W. 
Ts &taw 
Indees W 
Paso TO issoni 
DOA ObeirICI 
V....." 
I 
MASON 
=IMO. 
AI LW • MVO I. 2,74 Logi 
CW•neSSW1
93.4011 
.6% 
,t0/7, 1100II0 
1.001WOMAIO 
TSWAIWO 
00..n.I.... 
I 
WA Cm.IYZIO3 ../ TO LM 
ilt0Y001A1 
,a./ - .. 
ism ApIarrit 
WA 
WHY wn 
lOrliweat4, 0...toloA 
lko 
81,0AUSAIPO
.
I 
No"
. ...... 
I 
Al CW • Cd011 II IGO L 
SD)
8034100101 
1..7 
WA 
711ASAIW3 
Sloatalli- Dews, 
Lao zed :Ms 
Tab 
Pacer. 
I 
.W17147 
MI NM 
10:04442 
ICCO.W.20 
T 
II CU • 6:130 it >134 LW 
101M41.17 
Imo. • 
von Pow 
A. 
71.7440.112 
STADICCA5- Orme, 
'tabs), . .....1. 
Owe- wean., 
OursOnski suifart• 
P.n....Crowing-ay 
Pee..." Ti. 
I 
T 
RI -Nil 
II:9:06 L WI 
lenalt I 
tip.. • OirGarnowsk 
!VA 
75,4SAINI4 
NOROVNTILSTIOLCVI • 
Ilan 3.4,. - Oar 
Wis. @ye , i.Tan 
I 
00010 
T 
RI • &CAI It 30:4 t WI 
C....WM s era 
7174010410•A•A) 
AN 
NOMMOufrilf 
piOntiAnira 
71/41AM: 
51/AtONAS• NOtttilil 
Dam . Roy Spot lame 
Oaf Irpate 
NADAL 
T 
OM -W-AAritI0 
N 4.61 let 7491. 
T.............
,... 
...cum...won iv tray. 
towns 
muukaw cm. taw 
wear. 
rft.inftlineat,al•wris 
enrOACW34.40))0. 
uxtio. 
...I.o.W.:Mt ma canCWIT 
P
liOnt OWN. 
r•O•A WpaCs 
TEM lOn 
A re.% 
, MO2Cvnatar 
a va., Wt.., Obi , 
Orn.vain. 
I 
nxIO 
Na KY , CV. tl VW 
AD adeat:4• 01 
SOM.: 
A. 2YOnon0martel 
A. 
r0401011 
•TOON8 . Rt. 
Cowan • Wenn - 
AIWA AO . isapcIm rd 
US 
T 
0T.-SCI)13 II IMO L. WS 
.0% 
PIONTWOVII0 
n) In WORD 
nrenc.4 
=7 Gotta.
,
%bow vs,. ws 
M. 4.0"*" 
s o,
Ovetaknminoy 
Sant 
1,77 
T ItOn
0711.• 
U. 
1.0,011400,0) 
n01711400.10 
•010101
ATCONS• Centalt tin 
SSdroVI Fay, Lei W.
1.it• 
1. 0,9,  8. 1.04. 7
linkm flan maganel 
1/4 4 ,1•11, 
I 
V 
T 
I40 "
,01 1W. 
.,.......wwermihr 
.. a-en Li aveow.....s.... 
..,.....,......es...... 
peen 
IA14.103.0, 
Yaw 2 Mee 
weft. -
TSP30 INS 
Mahn- 
are 
Cave.. 
-Nu Cc 
*St 
21Ances Pa - 
Adelina 
Ow -70017 II 7050 L. ISIS 
144 
Pt*InWOORD 
..,Waal" 
EFTA00811040
--- PAGE 108 ---
030102 
.0•3010 • 00 
03.0•00.• An 0.0 
,6000, 2 P4000 4 ir0 
3.00.30.01:00 
Swim 
I 
Mi l, ,
0- 
R 
al • PT.HCAV • 0740020H 
M KM SOL DO 
,0•0302040•104 
IMMO 
ki .0300Ve 0007122MH 
Wein TM 
N•HOH00 law HITT Oa TT 
nro oar. 
000203•000 00•00t3 
a 
0.0 3004411•201.4431 
010202.4 
H On 10 
L:34t3 
0740210 
Swami no 2.03.2 
Rd Yea ea?* .30rogin 
000240 C00. 0400 
TO POTVOTATH BP. 
1375 WIT
02CW • Hatt H: In 0 0 
020 
30. 
w) 0 .030,0 
300 030/0 
014001 
Lindy Vit. a Am r rpm • 
itonw Ma 
A03003 
Y 
NA \u1. F\: 000 
A 0. ...ma 
034 re es 
700.033002.00 
Hi0300 
1220002, 
100 000.000 *0 
6.00.0.0 0070. 
30sra000006 
I.. 
00.0.0003.• 
(300..0 .100 000.e.• 
000•0100 
7047HISS 
aiN0. Usrotew /Hs 
. 
WA KV I  CM 020 
030•323i 
53MM270•••=no' 
3.4,000. m00307.• 0 
,23 
0040304 
•
TH03 60000 
13•03 Om.% Carp 
0-001,0•030-! 
a 
3000•0110* 
30. 
.3.0 000.0,
00000300.0 
0040/14 
•1023 L0nraplaa 
000 • 3.002an• 00
HT 
/3.0 60.. 
I 
ACM - 4201.X 100 8010 
m • 10.3•00.30.00 
*r•T 
0:202000 
030.4eren•40/Htassisin PUT 
71,41.1323 
ilinreS • use. 2.420001 
• Pees S 
mow Rip 
0.303T 0•30.033 
00000.-000, 
T 
INC i A SOW 
07•34214 
.1 *nob 
I. Wu 
IA WWI., 
44•414n41.0•1•••• 
H.00.3•3 
r•TatecTsw 
70401323 
•NCFS 300.0.310. 
Ned. 3000•04001 
',..• 4.1+4.
4. Fa**. 
000HaT)000ww. 
>33034 03 
a 
0,0700200001, 3003 
.W..... WO.. was NIT 
id 00 Ti• 
.0.004.0.0•2.00 
i wow Wiledeoll Vail 11•I 
nay, 
wenn*** 
71740130 
a 006 10.0.63,00 
ha, 00 0070 
080020 th400, 
AuraVOIPCICAve 
01.4.06." 
Mg 
303004.00 
iu•sit 
0.31.••••0020000 A* 
nositeteas 
1042081 
070. a re00000100 
01:0 00 aTiMoi 0 02 
Ito 
HKTH00 .0,
00. 
000 HOORD 
000003000 
00471204 
•03 Taw, Eq. 04 
T036633000TH 
0.30010 - iiii. Ian 
147.003 linx*L. 
Om 
I 
in 
WON* TH* 
800/0073 
030.400 
PH,000.0. 
722501304 
butt 0400 W 0 
Hire 
SCH 0040.3 , 
V•440" flew ow4 
0400.0 
I 
f 
A 
0.0.00000in .0. 
minim, of tie 4,t,S lin) R. 
,.r Cuo ETH 000000 
H.00 
Mutt 1.444 
wow am. Owls Iii•Sit
C00.5311. 
Swat..., 
IV 41.110$
4,
00.0. TH00OHT30 
0302•0300.10100 
TH0H00.0000 
yearn Halusar 
I 
T 
Cuo wan 0300in HT. 
ft...a :Of% 0, %Han 
3•00. 070.00 Has 
06000 
00•0210 
030.40.3•004ara 
nostmoto. 
1001.110 
1002 - 0.50 rAtated 
usitin00.0440 • INA 
CrT0 Par .ens.. 
0210003. 
T 
WOW 'tn. ,'" 4Si HI LM 
LIM
030000 
003•100•••0000400 Hos teem. 
71741, 1314 
And - Ts, Capra 
0.03 020 Cron • 000 
114•11,104 TralliVie• 
µp Pes YOSHI 
0000. wH3.3 ea 
fat, 000 IH00. 
0.000.300.0010, 
T 
CM • Of Kant 
m 70.0> 
l200 
XX 
000 Matte 
0110 .100310 
004/ I PO 
0208, 000 2•03 • 
33••03/0311.1new Si 
010 • tstKOH 00$ 
ETfur0 000". 
0.0% 2000 0.0 
00.340 0311/4100. 
00000.0 02.0.000 $0 
003 0000 HHH•30.0 
000, 
WA 
W)in /novo 
w)motoogo 
EFTA00811041
--- PAGE 109 ---
45, 41, 44411 
1111C4 • TVAICIOCL 
Hat Minn,. 414444Is 04 
was:, Sew 0.4.• 
Leap 0•••• lapieta 
PAS 
T 
0712044 
PI IOW. 
L:211.4 
Y. 
.31,1714001.t0 
P•31.1,t0t0 
TIO.37.1109.
•TrOS 0,0•W vep. 
M 
few Law .0.1 • 
Pena% Peen 
IN.min.• tibleolen 
I.0. 
ry3conty Inv ii••••••••• 
OT•13•1•••••144tY 
<0•4•41•I•44•• 
10141001.9) 
i .i.ra. Sten • Duane. Hes 
a m. •Wers totin4446.4 
Ita•es.• 
7184743,0 
fl ea • uran to • NN 
so,. • r ,... 1 TwA• 
kiss. film • rw. IF 
Onn • Feld*, Fr 
0:nola• 
Cue Oa !SUM%) Hoof • 
don+ r tams... aria 
cwt.'s itleano se•P.Mb 
illAntl• 
mvn 
rwpal test 
71/474.114 
intablend Penman 
P.**, list iro tva• 
9.8•••••4014.3•1 
00•18117 Wav000.3 
macaw, rin 
MA 
.3 all .10und Is 
PC•1•43iSte,
nostum 
art) 
- lail0Ga• 
kn. Dia • PargeN 
..d ms,a ,„ rin 
r«...... 
WA 
11:. 
NU 
IVA 
r3741.022 
•TrKsS 'Nan Wpm. 
Nan (0001••-•1 
rogaste,dflassta, 
wan I rav rAprty 
Acme.. it Cesol 
Na 
.I.• 
Nu 
.v. 
1V4? Ina 
• 
•••.I 
P•• 
••16)0 ( 0 
.44.44%ke . a Argon, .4. 
...
m
."
•.•  n . 
4•••••••• . Ca* 
nand ;Wm. 
a
Na 
11.Y. 
WA 
VC 
/MIMS
•TOS 1 • aim 4(00.4 
00.01 41 “*.Vtc+0 
Om. RUN...In 
teelb.v. 
Clic.' 
We 
• 
loacuto•earewro ail 
ws...•*.,•30.•:ta an. 
1,020..ace00•••• .60,1. 
Mantel Ye Manse 
•••••••Rtantntan 
tarn 44411 el 4201•. 
444%.• n .4 4•44:e0 Nein 44.04 
it."( ..brineri Vita 4, Pew 
..m.• • ....e.a. ••••• 
,..s.oi Art fungus r. 
4% . 41 • scs 'S. num4I4 4 
.. - s , -.• ard0oed 
ox,...t....nokna 
Onc..3.,,criCn tn., ::. 
.......febrotilc..
, . :
.............aw,.... .
,...-.. 
................. 
...,...,,.........• 
- 
,
.. ,,. ...,...ent, 
. • 
1.:0•0001.12? 
-:::mtn:12) 
.. %Ire, 0.0aciAle re ta 
.Kn. 
..t .mµ.tialani:M“:“041 
...irk,. 
Wall 
001 
is too •fasibl. 
Int 5,1.1 
. "5":',' 
• ": 16 T...i OP ' arb 
16...niamPup b:.• 
fnonare•W 
Oftel•rillirel•MIR'er 
tflif Ma 1,41,14.1/er r' 
••• ••••....•/
,..01.. 
.44., W.P.P.Of ek•r ' • 
•es•wanona.I
. 
Am."... fell."
,  • • 
....44•....,,.t... 
• . 
nins ets.........3. .. 
a...tom... 
. , . . 
0..........t.o......•,. 
r<e••••,...emse.,..,..,.. 
K....
.444.14 rut...atom 
...ansid.nstia.laroistio 
........• 
TZelfreirtlar: 
laDOMAIMY 
yea ISAACI 
ma po. Volm COM 
Oats, 
T1141Milf 
''' ' ''' Cn•  •"•• 
• „ 
r.......s........$ 
n,...o...S.,...teate.•••.., 
:', 4 :•4.4-'.. 
:1 to zs tr 
T 
tO C.W , 113I1 
f.le4 I: 
,0 
*SS 
W)PM400,0 
,031.10t0WRO 
EFTA00811042
--- PAGE 110 ---
IV4MI/R 
111.6 • Ye. bp Si0s. 
1.4•• ream Iker•St• 
%Mak r. telOolidal 
AMAMI 
I 
700I142' 
T 011011.01001t 11:01/0.0 la 
CO 
O s00011304 0:44101 1400001.2 
1•0.•••••10 • et.a• 
IlItiaw•• 
nu 
"374/Allul 
•rA4 Ts*. Caw Ww. 
waif SW Meat. 
"sedt.•00•10.0 
li te kut4.14 .0•300,
nnealhee• 
I 
1034 
ila I on irgaanytim 
rain ailai 
140 000100 kr Media 
nom nom s• 
iianousa us. it. 
ura.tren•nawA. 
huo•Tains• Onus... 
PIPS Torte 
'SWAIM 
arts; 1,an0.0[...3 
0.4.1“.000 
Wren A...000r 
one!. 
WA 
MMM
I Pr
%X 
PL. 
AA 
mama 
own FrOw, Am 
fol AwIJA•001 
lielrosn AIL 04 alVAII. 
.113 Ird Writ San Gamer 
ono lava 0a12.10 
ldrub ran 
. 
../010.` 
WA 
MS 
nu 
IVA 
•TrA0 tasswfw, e,
le./.•E 0rOur Ns 
un. a e Uesulu , 
, 
KIMBLE 
T 
010•14190)16 
1410000L )337 
ru •••4•110)?4:6••••••4 
L La i 3..- f 4'. II WilISSIO4414 
• 4 - • TA. fall 1.001,1M 
KV • OP. PIM. MI O.. 
WPM. Amoy., wave m 
stro.A.A:ww00..." 
.A.... 
A.A....4w. ....... 
tummentIn, 
sn r u. onion hruht 
....A...0,44.0a. 
Jo... mil feet noway 
Coy lyte...0naat.ar 
autn• Amon %Sem 
.41 his re. sated of. 
I1/4. sr We. itali I.S. 
Via 00 MK fa 
.1.0 
FLIa 
737.70 
34.474 
Carl. 
Yen n4wa0 
00(lewl 6 e0 MS aa, 
MnsC01,2 6,0 SO St 
021•••••••)f 
074..00 
PONER MOM Ong • 
64001,:couirslren. 
Wu TaNual 00aHri • 
Mee 700 03 Dna 
BIWA.",
I 
WA 
KA 
wail WOLPte 
,0151.02,..6 0 
7t7 WIRE 
000 &Canon V 
13nesna re> 
WA 
A - CAv • wow 
Ai • No.., wn ennui 
470 
ea • Xencronlaremnor 
470 
Yu 
FONT 000R0 
1001000,t0 
727.71.1444 
fONEPOWII Spur 
tAws Esp. vn ars 
Cnirm•On0 LEA 
.10141/4.. cop. r. 
440..., 
I0 
T 
roc:Avows 
nu 
n0,11.10.Se 
50•II 630.44 0 
72071.044 
c...... 
ten. OW COSIV• 
Alp Gellmitio M0144 
7•01"/undateCartute 
100.4 Testleeutoof on 
!rosin 601in menet. 
kr. tu 
O
p*Only Imo f • '°'
MO1~ 
......., . 
wo Si ?OIL • loonmen. 
110440.1 1•• 
TV TI,I6M 
POND, 000f • 0~ 
PSI- Ii4000. 04 fp• 
• SHP 60/400 VO 
BridUlo IO haw Ono 
AIMEI0af.040 
T71 
T 
,00x91.7u* 
" 
,01000
,10. 
100100 ,t0 
72071.034 
WAWA WWI • Ara.. 
Pru Voinobore 
1:flakral 7Iivel MN 
voncrivsulana• 
7•243•In O1O7O Dave 
manse. 
nos 
A0 2207:412.n0 
I. 
WA 
.ons 
Ms 
nu. 
72071.1403 
PONCA *OM 01.0 
M. 4n Cronieft 0 
7,... VW* Uo ko0. 
Sarais Cyrus. S'1
00rai a. CS1a4.71.0 SIC 
0,,... 
*vow Toe 
it istniC cr.*. 
HI S 
AA 
NN Itpu01, 
n00100uff 0 
720.71.103
NZ 
awg.croamy 
Cannulan•T.01.C4. 
101.01A0000314.1, 
AAP tors .044. 
WO WC Enna W 0A, A 
UntfwASECnonn 
I 
...
.."
.. 
We 
tos 
.0.1.02.0I+ 
nO016.02,ii 0 
EFTA00811043
--- PAGE 111 ---
47/146111 
POW04.tita Pm, 
nn 01 n•nh..."
.
' 
O. 
, G 
Wanly T., * 
:. e .,. 
. . 
....owe 
, ,,...rve 
. ...I i.......)..no 
, .,. i t 1...W40 new 
WAWA 
1,0a .0'4.00.0.0 tentarowi 
Pr Otbie ft 1•04.60,01th 
.slairSaninvonwa44) 
NM issAr 
717.71.1717 
POWIn etAN Cs*. 
c.,••• ...• Ramon 
Atemeatadflefe011.00.0% 
.un+ n nat... 
h 
WCaµPM 
'KM 
NOM Mundt, 
17$ //020200 
TV111.1112S 
h
us. 
'Mnualma 0.... 
Pere halakr 0 E•••• 
0.**0.• 
) 
ZVI 
.00"0"
, * 
)10. 
w)In MORD 
,0,31.10•120 
7$111.112. 
FONIAPLAN •00.0
ft ry. Ciao
-in 
C•indaim Tinian...a 
to CM% MM. ma rrer. 
(140. MI( t. 090* ire 
Nbr.rome 
• 
WA 
K0 
mu 
pc• 
717011.1134 
POWOR NAVY Pare 
ft ry. Ciao
-in 
C•indaim Tin.su kn. a 
0•1312'1[ [mina ivn 
NWT .7014 a ?MC 
r.).146.mm•OVE. • nee 
`ent b rd,.* all A0s. 
D9`0• 
WA 
K0 
mu 
%a 
720.71.1173 
POWIn etAN • Pl.* 
Pon Corps T.0".01. 
"0 C,••••CW4n,
now RS" 0 7024.3. 
an ..0.0.0..31• 
WA 
AO 
nu 
PVA 
717.71.1173 
KiW(R•liefr ..IN 
Pat C.a.,' Ito 
Coirs•natrui knit. 
t•Cnte• M SACO RC 
, c,,,,,„ ne 
.11:1,m nt.)4).111an 
m 
WA 
mu 
mu 
n.. 
717.71.17/4 
PW(R.t.rea Pm. 
...I !Own Opc. eat 
nom Rani 0 CAM "0 
reprot ton:002o 7024 
I 
WA 
'KM 
nu 
pvs 
717.71.17/3 
e erateit
4L. 
NC C•apiP Is Pia. a 
9A•14010.056 'X 1 
Erre we, COM MO 
Ciao Crollia Oial a 
10000 Pon Tyra.' 
Roan. C11030101 Ova. 
0111 
Cr 
Tr.,4
elm•Oerabld. :CCM 
WA 
XX 
, 
, 
720.71.1704 
004.09 Otled Iva. 
wC C•aplanoCild. 
AI Inpre•Coin•ardi 
nova Paired TON. 
jb,aa Ann n M24 
WA 
M. 
no 
pus 
TY111.11/4 
rovelsoura • Pwwm 
Iwo • Corps CIantaar 
Tirol PM. el Mate. 
ICI( rien nonS497) 
IN0010 kr 
OA 0.03. 
aVAArn to Omni crave 
kind 20109 Kara 
WA 
w 
nu 
p0. 
7$1011.1711 
lete(Strvert Irmo 
NI Otto. it* 
twain Pe.011.4 11 10 
us c na AI Donate 
70.17101.24relfts•en• 
Mr 
WA 
MM 
mu 
n.. 
rnnow 
rotarteuva • Pas 
Pin • Ctn. no 
Was, Teal Miry el 
C000.603.8403 iTAA 
roisvo (r....on 
iwt, am WSW. WA 
0.000•0V10220 itig 
'PONCA 
Na 
MM 
NO 
Pv. 
720.71.170. 
PLArlf 1, 000 
0.1 Ctn.",
0•00•00/ P0.5010 0a 0 
Up tf WA. W•g.losh 
Masai Don Ion 7•24 
9.0.00,40400 no 
DD MA 
WA 
so. 
no 
WA 
01:11.17/12 
fh 0‘4•0 
as0 
Kr. C•avoi•• 
Omens taw 1x11 10
s-. cOdt4,01torda ha 
0:40 /027•00,00.rma 
Na 
MM 
WA 
NA 
EFTA00811044
--- PAGE 112 ---
717.71.17•3 
PODOUSI• 0~ 
Nel, GIMP OpINSAO 
Pro. fianni Mal*. 
IC.1 (pea Pan IMO) 
• 22.<001.flat 
ea Rognme Oproi Ow 
kin a XI Cet Pun 
WA 
vn 
v.. 
n.
bat 
71701 .0.4 
roam PLAN • P•ww.
lieu Co rosin 
Gondola iv, Angel 
orteersov........ 
legli SOKI•o•Thoi.••• is 
A•34 
WA 
... 
v• 
RP MIMI 
PONCA OtA•0 .....• 
Nu Ct.:SIM 
Ceineavil TINA Alin el 
CCM. liSW•Gl Ire 
MI/WA (wane 
.v'NZ4u1N011W 
ird nom WITS2•33 Ogg 
WA 
v. 
NCI 
Pva 
7170 11.0.4 
10.113 IPIJNI• • Pam 
SIN • Ilicionate re 
1/10.1t a No JI•0•11A 
la tren•II•Toralll). 
I/ SHP 6•0•14.4:1 
KIIMOMVi a loellISI? 
list &VS •Ifi %to fi e 
$•• To. 111.1% Sao 
WA 
Ku 
v. 
kt. 
71/411•1781 
10.113 NOM • Pea. 
IWO • Cap ea 
Orineavil final Alin cl 
C4VItatE fil.iii Oen 
MVOs l(CO•W Aokrn is 
WA 
K. 
nu 
WA 
7170 WON 
Peedill /WI ....• 
Owl, Givoll• 
Owslalil If kruil Miro el 
Dora hvn 
7027a ntirMie Is 1124..+ 
Atoms Mr. s• Minn 
NA
n. 
N. 
v.
briCII4276 
720•711•IM 
PC‘VEA IkA•41 f••••• 
Pwl COIN. 1.• CAS 
le Dors Opanrol thud 
Rasa a 7•24 u Tao 
702amal API.. li 100 
WA 
•••• 
nu 
pv. 
TV/MM 
roam SUM • Ow.p.
ne. • Como Es 
Owalal If *until a 
OM. 7liCtisio Pin 
Milt 4 Mit•Elf• 6, 0 
WA 
•••• 
n• 
N. 
711•71•111 
PONCA Mite Paw" 
Nt.n.u.00a.w 
Tom limey ret Cnitt•Iti 
4044. Ion )3‘ 0 2.tird 
rico, to.X.0 et Foos. 
••••• 
I, za< ni Apr 
WA 
Kw 
nu 
nu 
7)771.112 
PONCA .ter0 0...rd 
Ow 0,01•00.1•10a,
now nary el CIW.4 :0 
Dipratior• Mill I io 
WA 
Kw 
n • 
na 
Iv revs, 
Ireatinr 
r.to..k.a fans. 
C•44••••enk.. 
WA 
•••• 
n, 
pv. 
PP 71.1114 
roam PLAN • oar 
ten • Co eosin 
Pineal+ Timm It gel a 
Ts. C 11[4:1100.• ten 
.1102 to 7D2:12 talon 
NYE /a ret•E •rul Aar 
l• Innotike .., el MVO gr 
WA 
•••• 
nu 
pv. 
7110,71.1171 
roam runt • Mm 
ten • Co 'peso 
4••••xio Tin...angel 
Cs 0.4101(....a tn.. 
•et. Iv *a we NY, Is 
R. 
WA 
mil. 
vb 
v. 
71/41•1711 
Velem fttedr Pan. 
Pen • CORM 
Coral:n.7 Mal Ratr. el 
Celan SAO" 
inivebh 'masa, Dora 
Mahn 410410011.3 
Cog in.01•••••fleM 
Mel 
WA 
•••• 
nu 
n. 
EFTA00811045
--- PAGE 113 ---
?Pre in. 
roinsotten• Psis 
nri•cono0Ansoar 
neat 
raC146.4111 Leta 
von Nino rasa e 
pogo Ws 
NA 
,. 
nu re on 
ItAlf‘Oulera /ono 
Poi ConsOpooloot 
Troniaorwo nt COM. 
30. (now ovozocuo 
kw.. ezzomP000. 
aosaisenroCronolOnol 
Rao el 10 IN Pate 
N'A 
M..
^ ' 
, 
5.7115 
PONDAIILIM 1,..• 
N1. ctimou ion. 
o•ocitenea carom. 
o•ocibto4c I Y.. 
Cnorom Samna too 
Owe's,. tap. iv 
OttalC, Oat /lark 
I:warder vsol...ns 
Too any.. ktamb 
30.tosologrokOoosof 
A etomPosossOnso 
WA 
Mn 
N. 
OP oi nsi 
l'OMEROttell Iwo 
Nei Cons no 
toots nom Pions 
CfleinCt000l ton 
/ON la )1.24 tea Atm SI 
MN 
Na 
oos 
N. 
rk. 
70.71.16•2 
POWIA•lart • In. 
mi.. cainono• 
O•nriknaliruil Raged 
Pot OVA M °WS Pt. 
AK Is aKinsAanitoWc 
N'A 
Mn 
No 
N. 
717.71.15 
'MR 'IAN • Prat 
eliti • Cap T Wu. Rag 
.Mel me-yam. 
atannsaceueenal 
avfflon'toCAO%/lozo 
o 
WA 
Y. 
N. 
N. 
"Poi NH 
ram:ROOM • Ot. 
Ilea • Ctira•n• 
Onskpro Pecsil Piths 0 
real.* IIIEE•los non 
(SW> :WE OCMYI 
MI& ad Adv. *OW. 
Ma 
o 
Na 
Mu 
N. 
N. 
717.71.16•11 
IONIA OILANI Prep 
10n. Clap Oa 
Ciwailavairatri el 
Wain Crisis Mal 
Ma MC rd Ana 'stilt 
N'A 
Mn 
nu 
pvs 
T1J ?I IMP 
ItAtiOttett r000 
.w, 
CoinopOposiong 
news omega cnisolCo 
Vora len ZINOPare 
ancortoostinsora 
wooscr000nat 
WA 
A^ 
no 
N. 
MIMS 
PONC4101AVI Own. 
Psi On* nnAl ON, 
a alIWO [Omen. 
Man>. balite:V:1 
ea Ram is 011441,20 
I 
N'A 
N. 
N. 
non Wm 
Advises. eliNeCniX. 
*2 onoLsoosOlono,
a 22.Cooroomarbus at 
len CCIOWiC i Oro. 
Oeiralo me zoitoOons 
myrif 
N'A 
M. 
N. 
P... 
.37.W' 
PONDAIILlera P.
Ned Onsio. 
twarsiTinmill‘ooni 
atal•Criais Mal 
MU MK nil Ana 'stilt 
I 
WA 
Mu 
N. 
N. 
.37.5E 
PONCithiell NNW 
N1. Voirp•IM 
twat. now. Pan el 
Clietaef tie* Pen 
100rilliCrsilinente2tX 
N'A 
Mu 
N. 
N. 
WTI I6, 3 
rowistrainr •01/4.. 
Psi Voirip.N. 
twakral Ova.", 01 
ate. 
M eft.* 
n.• 
2.1.10 7K .d Arany20c 
x 
Na 
N. 
n. 
EFTA00811046
--- PAGE 114 ---
N771104 
KrieDirvera ....• 
Ned 0.014 
INNNNITNAININI e/ 
010.471.0. 0410 
.14004.0.44.00.2411 
Na 
n.. 
no 
NA 
2P 71.1612 
PON(P NAM N0. 
ebn • GINA no 
002001•00400/ 
AIWA 20 CNN* ha 
1.20 27.073400. 
T.0.1440 ei NY 
WA 
4.11 
NA 
10.7140. 
IONIA CUNT • ON•A 
rwel 0•014 
Awards T10.111001 
01.0412 000 CAN 
700s 2000 Namto WC 
Na 
A.A. 
7021407 
'IONESOura hr.. 
Ned 010 00077.0s 
ThniNins 4 OWN NI 
1/4 0112. ANN 2.00 
INNANZIC 
Na 
so 
nu 
TV 714.1. 
rotanwer • ItrorPla 
,,...
10. 00,...007
T1•011•10 el C002711 
60010071.110414 a 
01140101001•220.0 
011100 AtiNients)10 
Na 
•I0
Na 
P" 
WNW" 
ION IA NAN • New 
Pm • Ctecom hems 
9.01100:107 0 I 
treveram00210 • 
K. Inns al COWA4 
AWN 0;0001 
000 NAN DNA 
WA 
K. 
N. 
IV& 
71171.1011 
rOietsi NAN • Nas.
INN lisplaroa si JUN 
NO0000.110 17 
Errs ni Aim bole> 
... 
WA 
K. 
no 
‘. 
71271.120 
PC•Atiovera ....• 
N4 010 N. 
Awards T0.111021/ 
avrAncrous ten 
MIS MC ra Ana i0240 
WA 
KA 
no 
‘. 
717.7 ISM 
Ow. saran 000 
2.44.70•001110X. 
, frgnree0ponera 
°bong:oraxe 
Pwatienamot. 
6110162 0.00. it 
OMs 22 012.0* 
Tad a C•014••• 
Cs1•022/1110012014 
341 Ansa Prea10403 vs 
MINA. 
o 
NA 
%A 
pvs 
TV 71 MI 
IONIA AtNa 4 1.0p 
two • 0.00 vs 
17200.0.01002 TS 
T sa 2002. 040 10 
101112•4•001•0•”*SK 
Na 
.0 
NA 
72441.101 
iseeckrutert ow. 
wee c•nomrtn.a 
twoncoftse
,
tyr...namtosci 
Ds ANON. ONNIAJA 
.23203 n04t T.A. 01 
NANA Cne430 i INN 
40000.0011107. 
P.P. ',torn.
WA 
to
AN 
7071.101 
KINE1100.0 Irmo 
Pws 00:70.*(0.0 
MINNA rAnOpridere 
Tiros se 240000.4 
Na 
AN 
AN 
IV 71401 
'Mall 
ANA/ 
Pies 010 00077.0s 
077000 40 01101 0 
0•010, 7411s 222 00 
eaNnse NC 
Na 
nu 
nu 
IV. 
7071.107 
PONDA 000 Prep 
1.01•0000 
Csnavi TINssikatri 0 
01.104601.0 110 
11103 sic to 416.0110 Nic 
WA 
nn 
‘.. 
7071.144.1 
romarteera..a.. 
1.01•0000 
aws10.11101Ntri el 
go coin Korn.... 
VW azaca.srwo) 
PO 
WA 
nu 
n. 
ta 
EFTA00811047
--- PAGE 115 ---
71/.71.1441 
a 
Ow. 1.4 O 
e
onder
At/Waingd WWII 
WO. len //Al ./.20C 
WIlliWane ,
Na 
n... 
/10 ?UMW 
Wed .Conn IWO/ . 
CroiroWeat • la tnpro 
VW Lai.Aun/ 
Rowan. rowan 
CW•Wnwl WoOodw 
040 
WOW, 
win ,I.,0 
CAV • WW2 It ISM t ILI 
Ai / /wen ow 
oo. AO WA .5.7 es ../ • /... 
wovcow.w/1 iwtw co 
WOW- IOW/ K WOOL 
W. 
Pal • COW WI 
w 0•• ciur/P 
w/o/0010RP 
WWI IMMO 
Itl /VW 
CAW( • WIWAICrow 
44/ 4/4/WWW/6/04 
ICA AO 
ARYWW. 
I 
Na 
N.
no 
v
WOWPOW 
7/7.71-1011 
Wet WIL/1/0 
WM/AO/ • Wawa/ 
EnpreCtan WC, 
I 
N'A 
w.,„ 
. w ..... 
AICAI-In011 N HY L 
ow 
WNW 4 ./40,1W44.3 
IWA Ms 4 OWWWwww 
WSW woo ol • ICC 4//// 
O.*. 
POI 
737.7/0141 
CroironaiSW,./laa 
as Wenn rwien 
INCI.WWW WOW 
a 
OW UM 
WOW* 
/30344. 
004301. 
Na 
Al OW • WW1 
WM 
AO Otal.41/ solonie424 /4-10eN.S4 a/4 Was i.i 
Iwo Cww.si w 
1..i.worts at I..... 
footoorn 
W 
WOWS% 
Welt OWL ANA 
03%/A0t EWIVA 
Erer•CWO Ital. 
falwedwe 
i 
RI OW .)'M3 14 20/4 t 
47i 
AI • Wwetook 
ecoamf• WW 
W 
ma wietat. 
WWWWili 
717. 74.1018
WOW WITO/ 6Ww/ 
/Mo.
/4/././ 4 'OW id lAl. TW 
a no. • "II0I ur 
, 
I 
Na 
10004.4444 
law twist/ow 
wen. 
/../Wor YIN/ WC .0 AS • 
PIA 
/10 ?MOH 
DONE SOCA KO 
Weptol ArtaWaft 
Wow sAVVIO/ow • 
WW/A 
/WSW/ to Or 
most 
on/ et 
Pimp wow 
W nu*/ 
94/WE •WCATI/K. 
Wow /Woo loW/r•
NW 9,./. Algoact 
Cceellw Lo4 W01104 
/A Crow 
i 
rrwww u w Us./ w 
woolow us ertontoo 
ansoWn• 
wwwoww./.4tWow 
flow/Ws/Pm/W. 
r7:1•• Wto $$$$$ ow Woo 
ore en. v............• 
•40.........r....•• 
e.•••wour......r. 
t"..............0 
no 
ow an Ow Oa 
.,..11000,0> 
WPM/OW° 
TRIISIM 
WW(.1 . Ansi/Ws • 
imako eimoi 
WIOW 
• 
it/ LW • 0203 II OWL. WI 
I- 14/ wow/ 
ne...I• r•r0 
010W • 
.12.1.1/ II 14/3 L IRS 
WW1 I Imailw1.) to 
Wasta/ 
NW 
W. nwi Won 11/4/. 
N. 
W /A IN/ 
CoWArt • 0.00 Atom, 
AfallaFilIWIfro Ire 
ni•0 s•s• 
I 
Na 
Pow - 4201.4 IC 0 I. CI? 
/WWI 
SWO.WW 
N. 
W /WM 
Co.0.00r INvillowsto • 
tr4/4/ Oors•C•Wei 
/Wel Caren WWI 
MY Awl Ws 
WI 
T 
Cm - W002 WV/ l let 
10/ 
PIWYMOWO 
WPWIOWtO 
Wr• WI 
004/051. Awl Awoor• 
Saar Ow. . two ea 
ea rioncoa 
A/01wwwW WWW 
, ...a•S'VA."
1.00
k• tit eMill14 
I
WI. 1/ 
T 
Oe Ow-tarn N /MI L 
ON 
kl/t/W/Twork 
wow) Ow) 
411*. 
10/ 
NOW MAW 
Awl wan. 
W WWI 
OW/ Ow roWn Sod 
Pit0...ri 
I 
her.) 
I 
T 
OW .4tWalt 
NI WI* 
L .,,,y 
IIIMIC-L 01•22•VIA 
Woo asinine...4'44.04r 
WWWWWww Ws 
nesmote
IN lb WI 
MUST • Ansi Avow 
Wan • lawoan we 
A/ 
nWa el PA It* SAS 
in 60 Owe /Ws W 
/pa 
a/o 
T 
/CV /CM 
M/3 
/I 
M  7171.0) 
LEN 
MN 
1100171/Willp 
owntowto 
EFTA00811048
--- PAGE 116 ---
71”010). 
00•MIST . Tai- 
SYen • A.S.:ant 
Cade Aire** 
I 
ebOomly Tine 
IMIM•Zai it 
iwut - nymnam. Ca.. 
ram.. 
ramie).. 
Th,,....“0” 
DOW151 . Rom Raw 
VM.- seine a 
Wiese fra...00..o• 
P. "^. 0..n. 
MKOrmly rm. 010i. Taal 
.0 ellICO 
Yu 
Wen Mundt. 
KMNOWA° 
re,• 
Wle 
0000$11• Trmi Paw 
lamp town • knot 
040.ola to Own, 
/Mar Syk LCO Tn./ 
011..Cal 
II).3 
T 
0627.20.• 
M (014.00 
l MS 
PX*0.101. 
a 
ili•hefloola Yessaie 
h. a 
bolm<mr.24...e 
Nmeceofet 
Warn Ifif 
&M.S.' • P.a.Ras 
Trnecilemnarir 
SaKM 
a 
Cce.OHnoMslitae. 
}MOM 
'02 
T 
in GW • 92311 et WI 11, 
IOW 
mr•motoilip..4, 1m.01 
• *, ,,,....,0,.....•
me 
.0 nend:Mboltteb. VA I101.4.10.40 
iv 
9.../e • Drake.. 
'ne wel 
Nmeceofet 
PI011.1011 
0•44051. Oral Awn. • 
Magacnes a Ccce0MS. 
neatly AS/Salm 
ed.wearaw..."'" 
Aal.. in to Oral 
P.n.. 
I 
NT 002 
se 
T 
Ow -1.20, 2 14 Will-
WS? 
•t, CO:, 
rn,4,,,c, 
.0 spa:al* 
MISS 
1.:0.4,1041. 
I. ...Mien. ',mann. 
. roe waif mmetext......i. 
P.a... 
Mill In)
Z 
0000ST • Tun Roar 
f•Pea.•••••••••• 
Ones a 
limbearil el 
to TailiemnarAtian 
easeatorefrado 
04:100 
IrW1.10,0110,1.1....... 
..........le ...... 
....aol...afaa an 
L.... in ........ Imobet 
...,  ii..,
,A,.., 
as...A , in PAAPA.Aws 
i n. 
.....•. 
.........6..• 
wit. marpu.)Mwhoin( 
tinrettneSntanne 
*veva.. best 
a 
eft
eteie 
Me* 
Mb. Lomita 
SAO* eaX 
elO• 
EX-.061 • P.M Ninny 
b/M.. Owm. 104 
Adding Inns ea its 
nee Rawl 
I 
it Ones Tine • Cartiml• 
nanny:
non
,  W 
Ae...A. Ai A• ealtai 
1024100, 00.041 
Mn .Meril•oulailateat 
.......un n ars.. 
Piew.n.f. 
Itl• 
WM 
G.151. Pnei Mn 
Milan ...Aka Pm 
r'n an. aInegIaa e 
....A.eaterno a re 
x 
10164/0 al 
T 
I LW - ylinIdiblr PI PH 
MP 
...Mon) • pp.al 
10241001./ 
Iena.aae • Dew im...... 
..., &a.m. 
w. 
....... 
WI* Wel 
COM.S1 • P.M hale 
*On IMpeosomel 
a s 
ralnalawl•An.ntei
to Tat CloanerAna•me 
".52 
,C 
T !go.," r.. 
1024100.10 
lio ma. Mae • Dna Mow./ 
4*e mom* 
Pleas*. 
nr. 
$914 
COMUST Trnstfresie 
trevitkoon n. • a 
tome,•.) ,•%. 
I 
VOW'? 
A) 
Mabee* 
P401.1011 
WA 
mAfaionossmoSenr• 
II MI En *Oa .42..)- 
It C. eW101.20. 
`"(":",'",,,",(",” 
L'aWs"Com., "'“ 
n."
.1'"....
IC0410X01 
,....n.,..n...r...... 
aft•IPap.I.Okn In 
ryemilnoristnetf-InS4 
Melees*. 
PRIIIWPI 
OPIAIAT c t ir ',v../ 
Et`n ,,
, ,,A, • ., -. c 
Z5 
,*) Corn n". 
101S1.01 
Ica. olavre • li.....mt, 
Lt.. mai eaery at... 
l. NOON 
Ceauel , Invo Ann. 
PPP,  InliamIed Ira 
Rinmirellhanuel 
RemnartneefleiCesk0 
NzielleWeee 
•, 
PEATO 
PI - 0.0 
T 
%A y 'CHI 
CHPW. 4 
m nneo 
l E U 
ib....ne 
....., .......e 
Or* 
....t ...flaw... 
...” a,............* 
A 
............nonis. 
t••••••,..”..•... 
. 4..
.. ,•••• ...nem m Ia... 
....to taalm toms.* we 
...apt. r o•ummtveet• • 
..........meelte.wees 
...a.m...Wean. 
•...a.owinawioa.teds 
,...eavoretwe.at 
,...........0k 
M. 
nniinoteit. 
n).J 
..“ 
,,, :*1042 
EgnmAl ,IvinEesv 
:Won • con• a 
rAnareacerawenta 
OnmailesiMiesmen 
Sayre 
I 
WA 
WA 
Nu 
EFTA00811049
--- PAGE 117 ---
4.,  te, an
L.0,0 
4..nlhh•s• 
PA. , :1,•• . 
in 
,....net
t,
4.;
ib.........y.. 
D...... 
nn.,: 
Wa,t 
I
.Osent
...nm... 
rd.... eartnrya 
r.r.........flareit**.rem 
tt..m.****0,4••••• 
S.... 
Nall ..012M101.011.11 
kr. ,...u•••• (ow 0.4 4 
...ca.* so Omega VOW 
r• 
tens t..watenOn•I 
4.......“..e.avva WS 
1, 0•L .....carstwlveraa 
rrrx..• 
t............nst 
sewn 
••••••,....raoestenirenir 
...
.ru
gouna• 
....“..a.rae• 
nay 
,............ 
b., it 
a a ....... 
re 
at,. 
. .......e.agr 
we .44.w........ 
*Awn rl re • re. ....ei 
wsten•S 
'onTI5trtnensir. 
p....r..4* „v..' 
isrucstuov•amm. 
Jew...nose 
n.... ,...., 
102410:61.0 
TOMO 
• 
APT lb 
OT.T• WHI CO 
7}71040.4 
STA/illi
• Cs** 1,41**4 
SW. - trin 1 Sut 
wean 
Ila 
a Slin0142311 
woos- wrm, 
MISTAR- ICTOUATION 
Or 0000•AD 1100,01 
SAFTAVANET, TO 
URINATE AASTA* 
MEIMPOCEPPOtt.ST 
a 01/PC0 RV", 
COOtis- Wrw0 
/APAR OPPLICADON 
CONTI 8..0 WIPERtit 
PI IVOALIATOAS 
T06•0 
. 
NCOSOIIIIP446 
BECOICAL POI*, 1 e•Cv 
ASKAAX Of Mitt 
MO WON COLDS 
r
Mi
....C.SOverea
MMOM 
C.a...
mo 'ow 
s./...w.aten•PAS/Pa. At 
natoi... 
.....-an• tenerilnor era 
Imp to Ma Ometat 
...t.orenetil0Onwan• 
..........dun. 
.....-........,......... 
irtowornev.P/01 Toro:Pol. 
1,111:01 
0•SAM034.11 
03.01:9500.4 Cr IMO 
1110.4.G:ACCIL tICO 
101.K.IM000. .l
a itl•R *MO 
an 0 AR iitCanatOsi • 
flOWN*14/A0 411 
RECUATOA.OAITI 
WoftER irm,2610 
POT MAMA 107.94,
T 
ISM TO300,3 
0304IS oiRSTAM WA 
WO. WWI 0414009 
.MODISVACIUATOR 
FROMM 1M 103101 TO 
PliThs.40:002 
I 
Cm 2,1 Wit:Ole 
... rmA 'JO l IMI 
SO I
I YO 
III.M3MMOJIATOR. 
FMCS APSIMM 
MO SOM. C.M.MIZ D 
MA IMCOLATM PART 
*WWI Tr...R. 4TO 
PART KUM* ,rear. 
... CMF IMMO 
KTIPat TEST TOO( 
COW 04 PMT MAIM 
TON024 
OSSIWAMNY.Z• SO ON 
tftstgiVavnti 
tr, 310. (ISOM SI 
OM OTEPIAttmea 
T 
e441070.01Y4ai SSW 
st0001VEt 'WITS.. 
FTENOCTWECT *AND 
TIWCYCT•0110MCNT 
T 
SL WWI -OM 
MOM CMMI FROMM
03/OROt SYSTIMOR 
DM 
I 
OM ...yam mos m Um 
MIMM/Ms) 
Mem.. 
Moony • ms,••••• t. 
ammannamam.ma 
MInueemomsomms. 
iMots•CrIMIMMomt. 
naurorso.....ce,.., 
outs**,o‘trn• 
EFTA00811050
--- PAGE 118 ---
OS RA OWN I 
11(1)µ:11 1CM rnsmt 
FOCATOVS MCP 
WM L PACO 
I 
• • 4.- t•ta r tw 
Y ITPOICC•34401 
1,17 
l'IMMWITIERI.Lalltilt 
1100011010XLM 
PAW NI.4001,1CPP(412- 
N. Ct. 
T 
• ..."
, ^ ,Ti. 
00.9914•40 
%SA 4:0400 
1.07•0110~6e4.16 
ISM 00
,1412,1128017>• 
EWILIITIFONIZE IR* 
in  gta."11.2ad
10021.13Mil bead, 
I. CP IRCINIMI 12362. 
ICcan•C•••*, LIES CCM 
ft in. w$tato.L•40 
1.0.31tE 14,5,19,) 
I 
IS 
a
Ra 
wintinusen 
emvsn.... 
it 
...co 
x
ICOSIORSOWNIARIMCI,40. 
tALCO, 05tAC I l.RI.40, 10,11 
0144151 
KOIPSIIIISAOILYWK.IV) 
LIM/STOMA( aulgilKiliStl) 
:ALM/ 
MK, la kw••••••••• 
10),IXO Iva* Mt), 
sj.C.W0i Ha mas.• 
r•••••••••••64••••••••••••[•• 
kowi••• 7••••0 14*.td•re• 
Oil 
malItl Pwillattp PO .W.410 
-.MC 
5111911401.3442 
O.R•NATE WINANTEO 
.710,Aut Ant* 
Kiri" VIM; 'NA 
TOCOPICCT 
MIRVIITCH Wife 
CALORATONONAIS 
bETMENME 
TIUMPOVER.AnD 
KM 
TIUMAITIERI/LC01008 
EFTA00811051

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811052.pdf
----------------------------------------
Yana Kim 
OBJECTIVE: Pursuing position where my organizational ability, problem solving, 
leadership, and strong interpersonal relation skills can be developed and utilized. 
HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS 
A punctual and reliable individual with a high level of accuracy 
Perfect customer service skills 
Fluent in English,Russian and Spanish 
Communicative 
Work well within a team environment and independently 
Possess solid capability in operating standard office equipment 
Good self-organization and ability to multitask 
Quick learner 
EDUCATION 
Advanced Diploma in Tourism and Travel (Hospitality Management) program. May. 
2012- Apr.2014 
Seneca College of Applied Arts, Toronto, ON 
Course Highlights: 
TICO certified 
Excellent customer service skills 
Learned to operate in a group and being able to accomplish work on time. 
Able to work with Sabre software 
Able to organize meetings and events 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Travel Agent 
Aug.2013 
C-WORLD Travel 
Toronto, Canada 
Sold travel packages, air tickets and insurances. 
Recognized as an excellent customer service representative 
Helped company to gain new customers 
Jun. 2013-
Persona! Assistant 
Sep 2014 -
Jul 2015 
EFTA00811052
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLOBAL CONTRACT 
Toronto, Canada 
Public Relations 
Aug2016 
CRYSTALS COCKTAILS BAR 
Marbella, Spain 
Sales Agent 
- May 2017 
HOMFER 
Marbella, Spain 
REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST 
June 2016 - 
Sep 2016 
EFTA00811053

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811054.pdf
----------------------------------------
From': 
t 
You sent a payment 
Date: December 19. 2018 at 2:51 PM 
t o: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello, Jeffrey Epstein 
to 
sent $500.00 USD t 
Transaction Details 
Transaction ID: 
SENDER 
Jeffrey Epstein 
December 19, 2018 
RECIPIENT 
Funds will be available to your recipient on or before: December 20, 2018. 
Note: The recipient can send or spend the full amount on this date. If the recipient 
wishes to withdraw money, limits may apply. 
EFTA00811054
--- PAGE 2 ---
Money sent 
$500.00 USD 
Fee 
$17.79 USD 
PAID WITH 
AMEX 4009 
$517.79 USD 
You paid 
$517.79 USD 
will 
$500.00 USD 
receive 
Please note it may take a little while for this payment to appear in 
the Activity section of your account. 
Get the Details 
Need to cancel? 
You have the riaht to cancel for a full refund unless your 
EFTA00811055
--- PAGE 3 ---
designated recipient has already received the payment. However, 
since most PayPal payments are received within seconds, you may 
not be able to cancel your payment for a full refund once the 
payment is made. To determine whether your payment is eligible 
for cancellation, log in to your PayPal account at www.paypal.com, 
select the transaction in your transaction details and select Cancel, 
or call Customer Service at 
About disputes 
If this payment is for an item you purchased but haven't received, 
or it's not as described, your purchase may be covered under 
PayPal, Inc.'s purchase protection. In those cases, you can file a 
dispute in the Resolution Center within 180 days of payment. Just 
log in to your PayPal account at www.paypal.com and o to the 
Resolution Center or call Customer Service at 1- 
. 
If you have a different problem with this payment sent to someone 
outside the United States for example, the payment was never 
received, or it was processed for the wrong amount, you have up to 
180 days to dispute it. To file a dispute for this payment or to 
request a written explanation of your rights, go to the Resolution 
Center or call Customer Service. 
If you don't recognize this payment or want to report it as 
unauthorized, you can file a dispute in the Resolution Center at any 
time. To file a dispute, go to the Resolution Center or call Customer 
Service. 
If you aren't satisfied with the service that PayPal's provided you, 
you can contact these agencies: 
Division of Banking and Insurance of the Office of the Lieutenant 
Governor 
htt : www.lt .gov.vi 
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
or 
(TTY/TDD) 
EFTA00811056
--- PAGE 4 ---
www.consumerfinance.gov 
Help & Contact I Security I Apps 
O 0 0
PayPal is committed to preventing fraudulent emails. Emails from PayPal will always 
contain your full name. Learn to identify phishing 
Please don't reply to this email. To get in touch with us, click Help & Contact. 
Copyright © 1999.2018 PayPal, Inc. All rights reserved. PayPal is located at 2211 N. First 
St., San Jose, CA 95131. 
PayPal PPC000956:1.52.44.0.0.2:429948cb14948 
EFTA00811057

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811058.pdf
----------------------------------------
Your payment would be about 
$2,739 a month 
at full retirement age 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
October 23. 2018 
Your Social Security Statement 
Are you thinking about retirement? Are you ready for retirement? 
We have tools that can help you! 
• Estimate your future retirement benefits using our retirement estimator 
• Apply for retirement, spouse's, Medicare, or disability benefits using our Online Applications 
• And once you receive benefits you can manage your benefits within my Social Security 
Your Social Security Statement tells you about how much you or your family would receive in disability, 
survivor, or retirement benefits. It also includes our record of your lifetime earnings. Check out your earnings 
history, and let us know right away if you find an error. This is important because we base your benefits on 
our record of your lifetime earnings. 
Social Security benefits are not intended to be your only source of income when you retire. On average, 
Social Security will replace about 40 percent of your annual pre-retirement earnings. You will need other 
savings, investments, pensions, or retirement accounts to live comfortably when you retire. 
Social Security Administration 
Follow the Social Security Administration at these social media sites. cV You 
EFTA00811058
--- PAGE 2 ---
Your Estimated Benefits 
*Retirement 
You have earned enough credits to qualify for benefits. At your current earnings rate, if you continue 
working until... 
your full retirement age (66 years), your payment would be about 
age 70, your payment would be about 
age 65, your payment would be about 
*Disability 
You have earned enough credits to qualify for benefits. If you became disabled right now 
your payment would be about 
*Family 
If you get retirement or disability benefits, your spouse and children also may qualify for benefits 
*Survivors 
You have earned enough credits for your family to receive survivors benefits. If you die this year, 
certain members of your family may qualify for the following benefits: 
Your child 
Your spouse who is caring for your child 
Your spouse. if benefits start at full retirement age 
Total family benefits cannot be more than 
Your spouse or minor child may be eligible for a special one-time death benefit of $255. 
Medicare 
You already are receiving Medicare benefits. We used your past and current earnings to provide the 
benefit estimates shown above. 
2,739 a month 
3,700 a month 
2,674 a month 
2,720 a month 
2,054 a month 
2,054 a month 
2,739 a month 
4,794 a month 
• Your estimated benefits are based on current law. Congress has made changes to the law in the past and 
can do so at any time. The law governing benefit amounts may change because, by 2034, the payroll taxes 
collected will be enough to pay only about 79 percent of scheduled benefits. 
We based your benefit estimates on these facts: 
Your date of birth (please verify your name on page 1 and this date of birth) 
 January 20, 1953 
Your estimated taxable earnings per year after 2018 
$127,200 
Your Social Security number (only the last four digits are shown to help prevent identity theft) 
 XXX-XX-3348 
How Your Benefits Are Estimated 
To qualify for benefits, you earn "credits" through your work — up 
to four each year. This year, for example, you earn one credit for 
each $1,320 of wages or self-employment income. When you've 
earned $5,280, you've earned your four credits for the year. Most 
people need 40 credits, earned over their working lifetime, to 
receive retirement benefits. For disability and survivors benefits, 
young people need fewer credits to be eligible. 
We checked your records to see whether you have earned 
enough credits to qualify for benefits. If you haven't earned enough 
yet to qualify for any type of benefit, we can't give you a benefit 
estimate now. If you continue to work, we'll give you an estimate 
when you do qualify. 
What we assumed — If you have enough work credits, we 
estimated your benefit amounts using your average earnings over 
your working lifetime. For 2018 and later (up to retirement age), 
we assumed you'll continue to work and make about the same as 
you did in 2016 or 2017. We also included credits we assumed you 
earned last year and this year. 
Generally, the older you are and the closer you are to retirement, 
the more accurate the retirement estimates will be because they are 
based on a longer work history with fewer uncertainties such as 
earnings fluctuations and future law changes. We encourage you 
to use our online Retirement Estimator to obtain immediate and 
personalized benefit estimates. 
We can't provide your actual benefit amount until you apply for 
benefits. And that amount may differ from the estimates above 
because: 
(1) Your earnings may increase or decrease in the future. 
(2) After you start receiving benefits, they will be adjusted for 
cost-of-living increases. 
(3) Your estimated benefits are based on current law. The law 
governing benefit amounts may change. 
(4) Your benefit amount may be affected by military service, 
railroad employment or pensions earned through 
work on which you did not pay Social Security tax. 
Visit www.socialsecurity.gov to learn more. 
Windfall Elimination Provision (WEP) — In the future, if you 
receive a pension from employment in which you do not pay Social 
Security taxes, such as some federal, state or local government 
work, some nonprofit organizations or foreign employment, 
and you also qualify for your own Social Security retirement or 
disability benefit, your Social Security benefit may be reduced, 
but not eliminated, by WEP. The amount of the reduction, if any, 
depends on your earnings and number of years in jobs in which you 
paid Social Security taxes, and the year you are age 62 or become 
disabled. For more information, please see Windfall Elimination 
Provision (Publication No. 05-10045) at www.socialsecurily.gov/ 
WEP. 
Government Pension Offset (GPO) — If you receive a pension 
based on federal, state or local government work in which you did 
not pay Social Security taxes and you qualify, now or in the future, 
for Social Security benefits as a current or former spouse, widow 
or widower, you are likely to be affected by GPO. If GPO applies, 
your Social Security benefit will be reduced by an amount equal to 
two-thirds of your government pension, and could be reduced to 
zero. Even if your benefit is reduced to zero, you will be eligible 
for Medicare at age 65 on your spouse's record. To learn more, 
please see Government Pension Offset (Publication No. 05.10007) 
at www.socialsecurity.gov/GPO. 
IC] 
EFTA00811059
--- PAGE 3 ---
Your Earnings Record 
Years You 
Worked 
Your Taxed 
Social Security 
Earnings 
Your Taxed 
Medicare 
Earnings 
Years You 
Worked 
Your Taxed 
Social Security 
Earnings 
Your Taxed 
Medicare 
Earnings 
1968 
1999 
72.600 
180.000 
1969 
2000 
76.200 
240.666 
1970 
2001 
80.400 
249666 
1971 
2002 
84.900 
240.756 
1972 
256 
256 
2003 
87.000 
241.021 
1973 
2004 
87.900 
241.021 
1974 
4.000 
4.000 
2005 
90.000 
241.021 
1975 
10.200 
10.200 
2006 
94.200 
241.021 
1976 
15.300 
15.300 
2007 
97.500 
180.785 
1977 
16.500 
16.500 
2008 
1978 
17.700 
17.700 
2009 
1979 
22.900 
22.900 
2010 
106.800 
190.980 
1980 
25.900 
25.900 
2011 
106.800 
190.980 
1981 
29.700 
29.700 
2012 
110.100 
190.301 
1982 
2013 
113.700 
186.345 
1983 
2014 
117.000 
189.999 
1984 
2015 
118.500 
189.999 
1985 
2016 
118.500 
197.307 
1986 
2017 
127.200 
189.999 
1987 
43.800 
43.800 
1988 
45.000 
451.00 
1989 
48.000 
48.000 
1990 
51.300 
51.3(X) 
1991 
53.400 
125.000 
1992 
55.500 
130.2(X) 
1993 
57.600 
135.000 
1994 
60.600 
2.014.839 
1995 
61.200 
153.564 
1996 
62.700 
150.754 
1997 
65.400 
150.754 
1998 
68.400 
151.287 
Total Social Security and Medicare taxes paid over your working career through the last year reported on the chart above: 
Estimated taxes paid for Social Security: 
Estimated taxes paid for Medicare: 
You paid: 
$152,811 
You paid: 
$100.601 
Your employers paid: 
$151,151 
Your employers paid: 
$98,397 
Note: Currently, you and your employer each pay a 6.2 percent Social Security tax on up to $128,400 of your earnings and a 1.45 
percent Medicare tax on all your earnings. If you are self-employed, you pay the combined employee and employer amount, which is a 
12.4 percent Social Security tax on up to $128,400 of your net earnings and a 2.9 percent Medicare tax on your entire net earnings. If 
you have earned income of more than $200,000 ($250,000 for married couples filing jointly), you must pay 0.9 percent more in Medicare 
taxes. 
Help Us Keep Your Earnings Record Accurate 
You, your employer and Social Security share responsibility for 
the accuracy of your earnings record. Since you began working, 
we recorded your reported earnings under your name and Social 
Security number. We have updated your record each time your 
employer (or you, if you're self-employed) reported your earnings. 
Remember, it's your earnings, not the amount of taxes you paid 
or the number of credits you've earned, that determine your benefit 
amount. When we figure that amount, we base it on your average 
earnings over your lifetime. If our records are wrong, you may not 
receive all the benefits to which you're entitled. 
Review this chart carefully using your own records to make sure 
our information is correct and that we've recorded each year you 
worked. You're the only person who can look at the earnings chart 
and know whether it is complete and correct. 
Some or all of your earnings from last year may not be shown 
on your Statement. It could be that we still were processing last 
year's earnings reports when your Statement was prepared. Note: If 
you worked for more than one employer during any year, or if you 
had both earnings and self-employment income, we combined your 
earnings for the year. 
There's a limit on the amount of earnings on which you pay 
Social Security taxes each year. The limit increases yearly. 
Earnings above the limit will not appear on your earnings chart 
as Social Security earnings. (For Medicare taxes, the maximum 
earnings amount began rising in 1991. Since 1994, all of your 
earnings are taxed for Medicare.) 
Call us right away at 1-800-772-1213 (7 
■. your local 
time, TTY 1-800.325.0778) if any earnings for years before last 
year are shown incorrectly. Please have your W-2 or tax return 
for those years available. (If you live outside the U.S., follow the 
directions at the bottom of page 4.) 
EFTA00811060
--- PAGE 4 ---
Some Facts About Social Security 
About Social Security and Medicare... 
Social Security pays retirement, disability, family and 
survivors benefits. Medicare, a separate program run by the 
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, helps pay for 
inpatient hospital care, nursing care, doctors' fees, drugs, 
and other medical services and supplies to people age 65 
and older, as well as to people who have been receiving 
Social Security disability benefits for two years or more. 
Your Social Security covered earnings qualify you for both 
programs. Medicare does not pay for long-term care, so you 
may want to consider options for private insurance. For more 
information about Medicare, visit www.medicare.gov or 
call 1-800-633-4227 (TTY 1-877-486.2048 if you are deaf 
or hard of hearing). 
Retirement — If you were born before 1938, your full 
retirement age is 65. Because of a 1983 change in the law, 
the full retirement age will increase gradually to 67 for 
people born in 1960 and later. 
Some people retire before their full retirement age. You 
can retire as early as 62 and take benefits at a reduced rate. 
If you work after your full retirement age, you can receive 
higher benefits because of additional earnings and credits for 
delayed retirement. 
Disability — If you become disabled before full retirement 
age, you can receive disability benefits after six months if 
you have: 
— enough credits from earnings (depending on your age, 
you must have earned six to 20 of your credits in the three 
to 10 years before you became disabled); and 
— a physical or mental impairment that's expected to 
prevent you from doing "substantial" work for a year or 
more or result in death. 
If you are filing for disability benefits, please let us know 
if you are on active military duty or are a recently discharged 
veteran, so that we can handle your claim more quickly. 
Family — If you're eligible for disability or retirement 
benefits, your current or divorced spouse, minor children 
or adult children disabled before age 22 also may receive 
benefits. Each may qualify for up to about 50 percent of your 
benefit amount. 
Survivors — When you die, certain members of your family 
may be eligible for benefits: 
— your spouse age 60 or older (50 or older if disabled, or 
any age if caring for your children younger than age 16); 
and 
— your children if unmarried and younger than age 18, still 
in school and younger than 19 years old, or adult children 
disabled before age 22. 
If you are divorced, your ex-spouse could be eligible for a 
widow's or widower's benefit on your record when you die. 
Extra Help with Medicare — If you know someone who 
is on Medicare and has limited income and resources, extra 
help is available for prescription drug costs. The extra help 
can help pay the monthly premiums, annual deductibles 
and prescription co-payments. To learn more or to apply, 
visit www.socialsecurity.gov or call 1-800-772-1213 
(TTY 1-800-325-0778). 
Receive benefits and still work... 
You can work and still get retirement or survivors benefits. If 
you're younger than your full retirement age, there are limits 
on how much you can earn without affecting your benefit 
amount. When you apply for benefits, we'll tell you what 
the limits are and whether work would affect your monthly 
benefits. When you reach full retirement age, the earnings 
limits no longer apply. 
Before you decide to retire... 
Carefully consider the advantages and disadvantages of 
early retirement. If you choose to receive benefits before 
you reach full retirement age, your monthly benefits will be 
reduced. 
To help you decide the best time to retire, we offer a 
free publication, When To Start Receiving Retirement 
Benefits (Publication No. 05-10147), that identifies the 
many factors you should consider before applying. Most 
people can receive an estimate of their benefit based on 
their actual Social Security earnings record by using our 
online Retirement Estimator. You also can calculate future 
retirement benefits by using the Social Security Benefit 
Calculators at www.socialsecurity.gov. 
Other helpful free publications include: 
— Retirement Benefits (No. 05-10035) 
— Understanding The Benefits (No. 05-10024) 
— Your Retirement Benefit: How It Is Figured (No. 
05-10070) 
— Windfall Elimination Provision (No. 05-10045) 
— Government Pension Offset (No. 05-10007) 
— Identity Theft And Your Social Security Number (No. 
05-10064) 
We also have other leaflets and fact sheets with 
information about specific topics such as military 
service, self-employment or foreign employment. 
You can request Social Security publications at our 
website, www.socialsecurity.gov, or by calling us 
at 1-800-772-1213. Our website has a list of frequently asked 
questions that may answer questions you have. We have 
easy-to-use online applications for benefits that can save you 
a telephone call or a trip to a field office. 
You also may qualify for government benefits outside 
of Social Security. For more information on these benefits, 
visit www.benefits.gov. 
If you need more information — Contact any Social Security office, or call us toll-free at 1-800-772-1213. (If 
you are deaf or hard of hearing, you may call our TTY number, 1-800-325-0778.) If you have questions about your 
personal information, you must provide your complete Social Security Number. If yorne in the United States, you 
also may write to the Social Security Administration, Office of Earnings Operations, 
. Box 33026, Vlore, MD 
21290-3026. If you are outside the United States, please write to the Office of International Operations, 
Box 
17769, Baltimore, MD 21235-7769, USA. 
Form SSA.7006 OL (Wilt 
EFTA00811061

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811062.pdf
----------------------------------------
7/17/2017 
Gmal 
Cabs 
M Gmail 
ZM Carlos 
messages 
Zorro  
To: J Epstein <Jeevacabon@gmail.com> 
Good Morning 
Carlos has got back to me about your offer of a personal loan, he has been reviewing available local mobile homes to 
purchase. He has been unable to find anything that fits his family's needs, hence wanted to thank you very much for the 
offer but at at this time he would like to wait until he finds the right home to purchase 
You had approved, while at the Ranch moving ahead with increasing his salary to be 40k, we had waited on moving 
ahead with this given the possible pending loan, can we move forward with this? 
Thanks 
Warmest regards 
Zorro Ranch 
Zorro Management LLC 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 
Rh 
Ph: 
Fri, Jul 14, 2017 at 7:09 AM 
Jeffrey E. <ieevacationeomail.co 
Fri, Jul 14, 2017 at 7:10 AM 
To: Zorro < 
Yes 
(Quoted text hidden] 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged. may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.corn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Zorro < 
To: "Jeffrey E. <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Thank you very much 
Zorro Management LLC 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 
Ranch Mana er 
Ph: 
Fri, Jul 14, 2017 at 7:12 AM 
1/2 
EFTA00811062

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811063.pdf
----------------------------------------
Employee Loan Request 
Date: 4/17/18 
Company Name and Address: 
Zorro Management LLC 
Zorro Ranch Road 
Stanley, NM 87056 
Employee Name and Address: 
Carlos Delgado 
Zorro Ranch Road 
Stanley, NM 87056 
1. The Employee hereby acknowledges a debt to the Company in the amount of 
Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00) for the following reason(s): 
As of date, owes $16,000 on land in Tijeras, NM which has a fully paid Mobile Home on 
site. Would like to pay the land off completely, hence getting the Title, making the land 
easier to sell. 
Has the opportunity to purchase 7 Acres of land, 13 miles from the Ranch for $25,800, 
allowing to relocate Mobile Home on site. 
The goal is to move to a less remote location and consolidate personal items 
2. The Employee hereby authorizes the Company to deduct the amount of One Thousand Five 
Hundred Dollars ($1,500.00) per pay check, until the balance is paid in full. If Employee has 
available funds he would request if he could pay more per pay check 
3. The Employee further agrees that the entire outstanding amount will be deducted from the 
Employee's paycheck upon resignation or termination of employment with the Company. 
Note: Attached E Mail Traffic 07/14/17 
Signed in the month of 
on the 
day of 20 
Employee's Signature:  
Printed Name: Carlos Delgado 
Company Signature:  
Printed Name: 
Witness Signature:  
Printed Name: 
Copyright O 2015 FreeDownloads.net. All Rights Reserved. 
EFTA00811063
--- PAGE 2 ---
7/1712017 
Gmail -ZM Carlos 
M Gmail 
ZM Carlos 
messages 
Zorro 
To: J Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Good Morning 
Carlos has got back to me about your offer of a personal loan, he has been reviewing available local mobile homes to 
purchase. He has been unable to find anything that fits his family's needs, hence wanted to thank you very much for the 
offer but at at this time he would like to wait until he finds the right home to purchase 
You had approved, while at the Ranch moving ahead with increasing his salary to be 40k, we had waited on moving 
ahead with this given the possible pending loan, can we move forward with this? 
Thanks 
Warmest regards 
Zorro Ranch < 
Zorro Management LLC 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 
Ranch Mana er 
Ph: 
Fri, Jul 14. 2017 at 7:09 AM 
Jeffrey E. <teevacation@omail.com> 
Fri, Jul 14, 2017 at 7:10 AM 
To: Zorro < 
Yes 
[Quoted text hidden) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to leevacation@gmaitcom, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Zorro  
> 
Fri, Jul 14, 2017 at 7:12 AM 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Thank you very much 
Zorro Management LLC 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 
Ranch Manager 
Ph: 505 832 4900 
1t2 
EFTA00811064

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811065.pdf
----------------------------------------
FedEx 
Billing Address: 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
E 71ST ST 
NEW YORK NY 10021-4102 
Invoice Summary Jan 02, 2018 
FedEx_Express_Services 
Transportation Charges 
Base Discount 
Special Handling Charges 
Total Charges 
USD 
TOTAL THIS INVOICE 
USD 
Page 
Invoice Number \ 
Invoice Date \ 
Account Number \ 
1-646-11471 
Jan 02, 2018 
1144-2081-6 
of 4 
CST 
CST 
Shipping Address: 
Invoice Questions? 
Contact FedEx Revenue Services 
Phone: 
M-F 7 AMto 8 PM 
Sa 7 AM to 6 PM 
Fax: 
Internet: 
www.fedex.com 
KLEIN, BELLA 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
301 E 66TH ST APT 10F 
NEW YORK NY 10065-6216 
You saved $176.03 in discounts this period! 
Other discounts may apply. 
704.10 
-176.03 
37.09 
$565.16 
$565.16 
Detailed descriptions of surcharges can be located at fedex.com 
To ensue paper creddq please return this ponion with vas payment to FedEx. 
Please do not staple or fold Please make check payable to Fat 
ID For change of address, check hare andcomplete form on reverse side. 
Remittance Advice 
Your payment is due by Jan 17, 2018 
Invoice Number \ 
Account Number \ 
Amount Due 
\ 
USD $565.16 
1-646-11471 
1144-2081-6 
114420811646114718900005651683 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
9E 71ST ST 
NEW YORK NY 10021.4102 
FedEx 
P.O. Box 371461 
Pittsburgh PA 15250-7461 
EFTA00811065
--- PAGE 2 ---
Invoice Number \ 
Invoice Date \ 
Account Number \ 
Page 
Jan 02, 2018 
1-646-11471 
Adjustment Request 
Fax to 
1144-2081-6 
of 4 
Use this form to fax requests for adjustments due to the reasons indicated below. Requests for adjustments 
due to other reasons, including service failures, should be submitted by going to www.fedex.com or calling 
. Please use multiple forms for additional requests. 
Please complete all fields in black ink. 
Phone 
L_L_LJ - L_L_LJ  
 Fax* L_L_LJ - 
-I I 1 I I 
E-mail Address  
DYes, I want to update account contact with the above information. 
Tracking Number 
I
I 
Bi I to Account 
I
I
I 
I I
I 
I I
I 
$ Amount 
1 I  LJ I 
L_I_J 
I I I I I I LJ_J 
I I I 
L_I_J 
ADR - Address Correction 
o DVC - Declared Value 
d IAN - Invalid Acct # 
INW - Incorrect Weight 
INS - Incorrect Service 
OCF - Grd Pick-up Fee 
OCS - Exp Pick-up Fee 
OVS - Oversize Surcharge 
RSU - Residential Delivery 
PND - Pwrshp Not Delivered 
SDR - Saturday Delivery 
For all Service failures or other 
surcharges please use our web 
site www.fedex.com or call 
Tracking Number 
Code 
$ Amount 
I 
I I I I I 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 
I LLJ 
I 
1 1
1 1
1 
I I I I LLLJ I I I I I I L_LJ 
I I 1
I I I I I__L_LJ I I I I I I LLJ
I I I
I I I I I
L_LJ 
I I I
1
1
1 
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I__LJ 
Check all that apply 
Shipping Address (Physical Address) 
Company 
Address 
Address 
Dept. 
Floor 
City 
State 
Phone 
Fax a 
I 
I I I 
Company 
Address 
Address 
Dept 
Floor 
Cdy 
State 
Phone 
Fax ft
I I I I 
I 
I I I 
1 
1 
I I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I 
I 1 
I I I 
I I I 
1 
Apt/suite 
I I I 
I I 
I 
I 
A &Suite I 
1 1 
I 1 I 1 I I 1 
1 
LLJ 
Zip Code 1
I 1 1 
I I I 
LJ_J 
Zip Code 
I I I -I
LJ__LJ - L_L_LJ 
I I 
L_L_LJ - L_L_LJ - I 1 I 1 
LJ__LJ - L_L_LJ -I I I I 
I I I I L_LJ_J 
I I 
Rerate information only (round to nearest inch) 
LBS 
LJ__LJLLLJxL_L_LJxL_L_LJ 
LLLJ LLLJxL_L_LJxL_L_LJ 
LLLJLJLJxL_Li_lxL_L_LJ 
LLLJLLLJxL_L_LJxL_L_LJ 
LLLJLLLJ x L_L_LJ x L_LLJ 
Effective Date I 
I 
Billing Address Only 
Billing Same As Shipping Address 
EFTA00811066
--- PAGE 3 ---
Fec r r_ 
Invoice Number \ 
Invoice Date \ 
Account Number \ 
Page 
1-646-11471 
Jan 02, 2018 
1144-2081-6 
of 4 
FedEx Express Shipment Summary By Payor Type 
FedEx Ex ress Shi ments (Original) 
Rated 
Special 
Shipments 
Weight 
Transportation
Handling 
Ret Chg/Tax 
lbs 
Charges
Charges 
Credits/Other 
Discounts Total Charges 
Shipper 
I 
1.3 
:iJCI;: 
3. i i 
2'13 
Pi 1E; 
Third Party 
16.5 
613.:,9 
33.22 
15191 
435 11 
17.8 
5704.10 
537.09 
-5176.03 
5565.16 
TOTAL THIS INVOICE 
USD 
S565.16 
EFTA00811067
--- PAGE 4 ---
FedEx 
Invoice Number \ 
Invoice Date \ 
Account Number \ 
Page 
1-646-11471 
Jan 02, 2018 
1144-2081-6 
of 4 
FedEx Express Shipment Detail By Payor Type (Original) 
Fuel Surcharge - FedEx has applied a fuel surcharge of 5.00% to this shipment. 
Discount applied is the greater of volume discount or dropoff discount. No additional discount applies. 
Automation 
INET 
Tracking ID 
771069075713 
Service Type 
FedEx Intl Economy 
Package Type 
FedEx Pak 
Orig./Dem. 
JRB/FOG 
Zone 
Packages 
Rated Weight 
1.3 lbs 
Delivered 
Dec 28, 201711:27 
Signed by 
B.BESCHIERO 
FedEx Use 
/USOOIO/_ 
Sender 
BELLA KLEIN 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
575 LEXINGTON AVE 
4TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK NY 10022 US 
Transportation Charge 
Discount 
Fuel Surcharge 
Total Transportation Charges 
Recipient 
Shipper Subtotal 
USD
USD 
100.51 
-25.13 
3.77 
$79.15
S79.15 
Ship Date: Dec 27, 201 
Paver: Third Pa 
Fuel Surcharge FedEx has applied a fuel surcharge of 9.8% to that shipment. 
Weather delay - Ice. 
We calculated your charges based on a dimensional weight of 7.5 kgs, 60cm x SOcm x tOcm, using a dimensional factor of 139. 
Automation 
Tracking ID 
Service Type 
Package Type 
Orig./Des!. 
Zone 
Packages 
INET 
771083398668 
FedEx Intl Priority 
Customer Packaging 
RIYJFLU 
Saadm 
Transportation Charge 
&MOM 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EAST 71ST STREET 
NEW YORK CITY, NY 10021 US 
603.59 
Actual Weight 
9.0 lbs 
Discount 
-150.90 
Rated Weight 
16.5 lbs 
Adult Signature 
5.50 
Delivered 
Dec 29, 201709:27 
Fuel Surcharge 
23.97 
Signed by 
N.SONAM 
Residential Delivery 
3.85 
FedEx Use 
JUSOOIDL 
Total Transportation Charges 
USD 
5486.01 
Third Party Subtotal 
USD 
S486.01 
Total FedEx Express 
USD 
5565.16 
EFTA00811068

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811069.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Zorro Management LLC.
Zorro Ranch Road Stanley, NM 87056 Tel: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
Employee 
Termination / Resignation 
Name of Employee: 
Herman Ortiz 
Last day of Work: 
May 2nd 2017 
Reason for Leaving: 
Extensive Travel Time/Wanting More Time with Family 
[ 
j Termination due to Disciplinary Action (Please attach Disciplinary Form) 
 I Resignation 
Comments: 
Via Herman - Can you please tell Mr Epstein thank you for everything 
Is Employee eligible for Unemployment: 
r YES & NO 
Comments: 
Handover - AMEX CC, Gate Clicker (12) Cell Phonti 
Note: AMEX - shredded 5/3/17 
Completed by: 
Name: 
Karen L Gordon 
Date: 5/3/17 
Position: 
Manager 
EFTA00811069

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811070.pdf
----------------------------------------
72- WATER 
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
DEVELOPMENT 
5/6/2014 
3/4/19 - Pumping Water into Pond 24/7. Updated Readings will be 
 forwarded to Casey Cook to confirm progress 3/8/19 
966 - PAVING OF 
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
ROADWAY 
6/29/2017 
2/12/19 - Gilbert Luna (Universal Paving) & his Forman On Site to 
Review Final Section of Work. He Proposed Only to "Fix" 2000' - 
MH Z to Bull Head. He indicated Fix for Office to Main Gates. 
Proposed Work to begin March. 
BG has concerns regarding "Fix" & Proposed Start Date, due to 
Temps. Recommend late April/May. BG explained Owner would 
want New Surface to Run from MH Z to Cattle Guard RC, Office to 
Main Gates 
BG indicated a payment of 100k, Gilbert Luna would need to sign 
Legal Binder. He expressed concerns as requested work would 
cost him approx. 100k. He was to review numbers & get back with 
BG. As of date & time no contact has been made. 
Should we contact Mountain States or another Company to see if 
Awaiting 
they are interested in providing a Proposal for a "Fix"? 
Response 
102 - LUTRON 
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
SYSTEM - MH 
2/22/2019 
2/22/19 - Forwarded E Mail with Photos to RMC Electric showing 
the existing system 
Due to weather issues Lutron Rep has cancelled Site Visit to 
review existing system 3 times 
3/8/19 - Lutron Rep Due On Site 
3/8119 - Lutron 
Rep Due On 
Site 
118B PURCHASE 
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
WATER TRUCK 
Will review with JE when On Site 
118C - PURCHASE 
GRADER 
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Will review with JE when On Site 
Pagel 
EFTA00811070
--- PAGE 2 ---
134 - POOL PAC 
START 
END 
COMPRESSOR - MH 
2/2/2019 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
2/27/2019 2/2/19 - Received Quote to Purchase/Install Pool Pac Compressor 
from Honeywell 
2/26/19 - Honeywell on Site to Install Compressor 
136 
REFURBISHMENT 
RED HOUSE 
START 
1/21/2019 
END 
2/27/19 - Compressor Install Running 100% 
NOTES 
I PI
S 
Complete 
STATUS 
2/1/19 - 1/3 Down - House Incorporated - Demo/Remo Upper & 
Lower Levels 
2/27/19 - 1st Coat Painting on Wall & Ceiling Complete
2/27/19 - Airpro Installed New Furnace, Condenser/AC Split Unit 
will be Installed when Weather Permits 
2/28/19 - Installation of Tile Floor Started. Due to very uneven 
floors, taking longer that expected 
3/1/19 - Installation of Shower Tile in Sm Bathroom Started 
3/1/19 - Purchase Shower Tub - Master Bathroom 
Granite Ordered 
Carpet Ordered 
3/5/19 - Fireplace Insert Due On Site 
Cabinets On Site - Installed week of 3/11/19 
Appliances Due On Site 3/7/19 
- WAR. fjj,  
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS
2/7/2019 
3/8/19 - Repairs Due to be completed 
Awaiting Repair 
Page 2 
EFTA00811071
--- PAGE 3 ---
137 - 
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
FURNACE -STABLES 
2/19/2019 2/28/2019 2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
Existing Furnace. Furnish/Install 1 Carrier 110,000 BT Furnace in 
Stables. 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
2/19/19 - Airpro Discounted 10% 
2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
12/27/19 - Airpro Installed New Furnace 
2/28/19 - Furnace Installed. Running 100% 
3/4/19 - Paid Balance to Airpro 
Project Total 
138 -
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
AC SPLIT UNIT & 
FURNACE - LV'S 
HOUSE 
139 - 
P URCHASEJI NSTALL 
AC SPLIT UNIT & 
FURNACE - YELLOW 
HOUSE 
START 
I 
E 
2/19/2019 
START 
END 
NOTES 
x 
Awaiting 
Response 
(2/16/191 
Comic'
PHOTO 
STATUS 
2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
Existing Swamp Cooler. Fumish/Install 1 Carrier 4 ton AC Split Unit 
.and Furnace to LVs House 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
2/19/19 - Airpro Discounted 10% 
2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
2/25/19 - Matenal/Parts Ordered 
Awaftlna 
Response 
12/16/19) 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
2/19/2019 
2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
Existing Swamp Cooler. Fumish/Install 1 Carrier 3 ton Furnace to 
Yellow House 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
2/19/19 - Airpro Discounted 10% 
2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro
2/25/19 - Material/Parts Ordered 
x 
Awaiting 
Response 
(2/16/19)
Page 3 
EFTA00811072
--- PAGE 4 ---
140 
P URCHASE/I NSTALL 
X 6 UNIT HEATERS -
GARAGES RC 
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
2/19/2019 
2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
x 
Awaiting 
Existing 6 Heaters. Fumish/Install 6 Sterling Unit Heaters - 
Response 
Garages RC 
(2/16119) 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount
2/19/19 - Airpro Discounted 10% 
.2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
2/25/19 - Material/Parts Ordered. Installation expected 3/14/19 
141 - CARPET LODGE 
START  
2/11/2019 
END 
142 - PHONE SYSTEM • START 
LODGE & LOG 
143 - SECURITY 
CAMERAS -FRONT 
GATES 
Awaiting 
Installation 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
2/11/19 - JE Approved New Carpet, Blinds/Curtains, Tile in 
Bathrooms & Laundry. New Light Colored Carpet 
Have Swatches & Samples to Show when On Site 
x 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Project Placed On Hold 1/10/18 
Are we still to proceed with Verizon Cellular Phone Line for Lodge? 
Are we still to proceed with Verizon Cellular Phone Line & Solar 
Generator for Log Cabin? 
START 
END 
NOTES 
Awaiting 
Response 
Awaiting 
Response 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Existing Security Camera System has Failed. Gates Operational 
Reviewing Options - Option 1 Did Not Work as Cellular Provider 
was AT&T. Reviewing other Options 
Page 4 
EFTA00811073
--- PAGE 5 ---
i4 - SEPTIC 
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
SYSTEMS -RC 
I 
Septic Line to the Tank & the Leaching Field for the BH need 
replacing. Roots from Trees have Compromised the Line. The 
Adobe is in the same situation 
12/28/2019 
2/28/19 - All RC Septic Tanks, Pumped Out 
PHOTO 
Awaiting 
Gene Basset will forward a Proposal for Removal/Installation New 
Septic Tank by 3/12/19 
Proposal 
STATUS 
145 - GARAGE DOORS 
START 
END 
NOTES 
- RC 
146 -
REFURBISHMENT 
PHOTO 
STSTUS 
WM Review when JE On Site 
START 
END 
NOTES 
-t--
Repair & Painting of all Picket Fences - April 2019 
Awaiting 
PICKET FENCES - RC 
Contacted Gary Mann (RK Contact). He contacted Mercedes 
reference Windshield Repair - Unable to come up with Solution. 
Gary was to contact Guard Car Companies, have left a message 
requesting update 
James Ce forwarded History of Existing Library Computer, Feb 2015 
How do you wish to proceed? 
Programming Issues resolved. System Running 100% 
Awaiting for Break in Weather 
Once Weather Breaks Work will Start on Collapsed Section/Dry 
Stack Walls & Lavender Beds 
WINDSHEILD - 2002 
MERCEDES 
Response 
COMPUTOR - 
Awaiting 
LIBRARY - MH 
HVAC • MH 
Response 
Cw
St 
SITE WALLS & MISC 
PLASTER WORK -MC 
LANDSCAPE - EAST 
GARDEN 
Page 5 
EFTA00811074
--- PAGE 6 ---
LANDSCAPE - 
Need to get the Fountain Pit, repowdered where all the lighting 
LIGHTING 
controllers are located 
2/18/19 - Work to begin 
LAMPS -LODGE 
Purchased X 4 New Lamps to replace lamps that where broken 
during 2018 burglary 
Complete 
Page 6 
EFTA00811075

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811076.pdf
----------------------------------------
/2 - WATER 
DEVELOPMENT 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
5/6/2014 
3/22/19 - Continuing Pumping Water working on the target of 
I68afa. 
36E  - PAVING OF 
START
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO I 
STATUS
ROADWAY 
6/29/2017 
2/12/19 - Gilbert Luna (Universal Paving) & his Forman On Site to 
Review Final Section of Work. He Proposed Only to "Fix" 2000' -
MH Z to Bull Head. He indicated Fix for Office to Main Gates. 
Proposed Work to begin March. 
BG has concerns regarding "Fix" & Proposed Start Date, due to 
Temps. Recommend late ApriVMay. BG explained Owner would 
want New Surface to Run from MH Z to Cattle Guard RC, Office to 
Main Gates 
BG indicated a payment of 100k, Gilbert Luna would need to sign 
Legal Binder. He expressed concerns as requested work would 
cost him approx. 100k. He was to review numbers & get back with 
BG. As of date & time no contact has been made. 
Should we contact Mountain States or another Company to see if 
they are interested in providing a Proposal for a "Fix"? 
3/18119 - Received letter from Calvert & Menicucci - collections 
 agency for Universal Construction, Inc. Forwarded to RK & DI. 
13/20/19 - A Complete Timeline, Details, E Mails & Photos 
'forwarded to DI & RK 
102 - LUTRON 
SYSTEM - MH 
START 
2/22/2019 
118fr PURCHASE 
START j 
WATER TRUCK 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
'3/12/18 - Lutron Rep On Site. Reviewed system with Randy from 
RMC Electric. Existing system was designed for local control at the 
physical switches not controlled by the Lutron system in the Mech 
Rooms, therefore will be difficult, but not impossible to upgrade. 
Lutron are reviewing the options and will forward details within 10 
days 
x 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Awaiting 
Response from 
Lutron 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Will review with JE On Ske 
Page 1 
EFTA00811076
--- PAGE 2 ---
118 -PURCHASE 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
GRADER 
Will review with JE when On Site 
135 
REFURBISHMENT 
RED HOUSE 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
1/21/2019 
NOTES 
3/20/19 - Stone Work on Fireplace and Pony Wall Started 
3/22/19 - Vanity Lights, Toilets, Towel Rails, TV, Lights. Door 
Hardware, Fireplace Installed 
3/23/19 -"In House"- Clean Up both floors 
3/26/19 - Carpet to be Installed 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
i 35!!L 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
AC SPLIT UNIT & 
FURNACE -RED 
HOUSE 
2/19/2019 
2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove Dispose of 
x 
Awaiting 
Existing Swamp Cooler. Furnish/Install 1 Carrier 3.5 ton AC Split 
Response 
Unit & Furnace to Red House. RMC Estimate for New Electrical 
(2/16/191 
Circuits & New Electrical Service to Unit 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
2/19/19 -Airpro Discounted 10% 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
NOTES 
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
AC SPLIT UNIT & 
FURNACE - LV'S 
HOUSE 
2/19/2019 
2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
x 
Awaiting 
Existing Swamp Cooler. Furnish/Install 1 Carrier 4 ton AC Split Unit 
Response 
& Furnace to LV's House. RMC Estimate for New Electrical Circuits 
(2/16/191 
& Run New Electrical Service to Unit 
2116/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
2/19/19 -Airpro Discounted 10% 
$4,896.99 2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
3/15/19 - 90% Complete, Awaiting Electrical Connect - 3/22/19 -
due to weather delayed to 3/25/19 
Page 2 
EFTA00811077
--- PAGE 3 ---
139 
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
AC SPLIT UNIT & 
FURNACE - YELLOW 
HOUSE  
START 
END 
EST.COST 
2)19/2019 
T 
- TT4,603.59 
NOTES 
2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
Existing Swamp Cooler. Furnish/Install 1 Carrier 3 ton Furnace to 
Yellow House. RMC Estimate for New Electrical Circuits & Run 
New Electrical Service to Unit 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
2/19/19 - Airpro Discounted 10% 
2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
13/15/19 - 90% Complete, Awaiting Electrical Connect - 3/22/19-
due to weather delayed to 3/25/19 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
x 
Awaiting 
Response 
12/16/191 
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
X 6 UNIT HEATERS -
GARAGES RC 
START 
2,19/2019 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
Existing 6 Heaters. Furnish/Install 6 Sterling Unit Heaters -
Garages RC 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
2119/19 - Airpro Discounted 10% 
$8,841.43 2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
141 - 
CARPET/TILE/WINDO 
W TREATMENTS -
LODGE 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
3/15/2019 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
x 
Awaiting 
Response 
(2/16/191 
2/25/19 - Material/Parts Ordered. Installation expected 3/14/19 
3/15/19 - Due to weather/road closures. Installation rescheduled 
3/25/19 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
3/19/19 - Carpet Removed - "In House" 
3/20/19 - All Light Fixtures, Electrical Covers, Air Vents, Ducts 
Removed - "In House" 
3/22/19 - Native Son On Site to review window treatments 
3/25/19 - Patching/Priming of all Walls. Trim & Ceilings to Begin 
Page 3 
EFTA00811078
--- PAGE 4 ---
142 - PHONE SYSTEM . START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
LODGE & LOG 
Project Placed On Hold 1/10/18 
Are we still to proceed with Verizon Cellular Phone Line for Lodge? 
143 _.SECURITY 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
CAMERAS -FRONT 
GATES 
lAre we still to proceed with Verizon Cellular Phone Line & Solar 
Generator for Log Cabin? 
Awaiting 
Response 
Awaiting 
Response 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
3/13/19 - Purchased Verizon Cellular Security Camera - 30 day trail 
- $20.00 a month 
3/14/19 - Camera Installed, at present linked to Brice, 
cell 
phone & I Pad. Working very well. Will forward update 3/22/19 
3/22/19 - System is working out very well, no issues. Will purchase 
another Camera to install on 2nd gate 
144 - SEPTIC 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
SYSTEMS -RC 
2/28/2019 
Septic Line to the Tank & the Leaching Field for the BH need 
replacing. Roots from Trees have Compromised the Line. The 
Adobe is in the same situation 
2/28/19 - All RC Septic Tanks, Pumped Out 
Gene Basset will forward a Proposal for Removal/Installation New 
Septic Tank by 3/22/19 
3/21/19 - Gene Bassett on site needed to obtain more 
Awaking 
measurements to obtain detailed Proposal, which he hopes to have 
Proposal 
by 3/28/19 
145 - GARAGE DOORS 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
- RC 
146 -
REFURBISHMENT 
PICKET FENCES - RC 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
$166.82 
Will Review when JE On Site 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STSTUS 
Repair & Painting of all Picket Fences - April 2019 
Purchased 100 Cedar Pickets - Curing in Garages 
Page 4 
EFTA00811079
--- PAGE 5 ---
X17 - SITE WALLS & 
START 
END 
EST. COST 
MISC PLASTER 
WORK MC 
-NEW PATHWAY- 
START 
END 
LOG CABIN 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Expect Bid by 3/22/19 - Work would not start until late April/May 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
2/15/2019 3/22/2019 1 
$3,144.39 
$1,287.69 
$434.20 
2/16/19- Existing Stone Pathway Removed 
2/20/19 - Deposit x 65 3x12x6 Rough Pine A platform will need to 
be constructed under pathway to keep it level 
3/7/19 - Balance Rough Pine 
3/13/19 - Purchase Lag Screws/Washers/Boring Kit 30 2x4x8 
Treated Lumber for Path Foundation 
3/14/19 - Rough Pine On Site 
3/19/19 - Project to begin 
3/22/19 - Project Complete - x 8 support caps will be removed once 
Pine has weather for a few weeks then Sealer/Stain applied to 
matching existing steps 
REFURBISHMENT 
OUTSIDE LOG CABIN 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
Logs Require Sanding. Cleaning, Water Sealing & Replacement of 
Chinking. Will begin in the Spring 
150 • WINDSHEILD - 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
2002 MERCEDES 
COMPUTOR - 
LIBRARY - MH 
2/13/2019 
Car 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
NOTES 
STATUS 
PHOTO, 
Contacted Gary Mann (RK Contact). He contacted Mercedes 
reference Windshield Repair - Unable to come up with Solution. 
Gary was to contact Guard Car Companies, have left a message 
requesting update 
3/22/19 - As of Date & Time No Solution on how to Repair 
Windshield has been found. Will continue investigating 
James Ce forwarded History of Existing Library Computer, Feb 2015 
How do you wish to proceed? 
Awaiting 
Response 
Page 5 
EFTA00811080
--- PAGE 6 ---
LANDSCAPE - EAST 
Once Weather Breaks Work will Start on Collapsed Section/Dry 
GARDEN 
Stack Walls & Lavender Beds 
Page 6 
EFTA00811081

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811082.pdf
----------------------------------------
72- WATER 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
DEVELOPMENT 
5/6/2014 
Continuing Pumping Water working on the target-68afa 
4/4/19 - CC forwarded E Mail with Updated Water Level Charts for 
Wells B & K. Well K is good, Well B need to keep an eye on getting 
close to 20ft. 
4/8119 - New Readings will be taken & forwarded to CC for review 
96B - PAVING OF 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
ROADWAY 
6/29/2017 
102 - LUTRON 
START 
Eta 
SYSTEM - MH 
2/22/2019 
START 
118B PURCHASE 
EST.COST 
WATER TRUCK 
118C - PURCHASE 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
GRADER 
3118119 - Received letter from Calvert & Menlcucci - Collections 
Agency for Universal Construction, Inc. Forwarded to RK & DI. 
3/20/19 - A Complete Timeline. Details, E Mails & Photos 
forwarded to DI & RK 
3/26/19 - DI contacted BG requesting details on Project 
3/26/19 - BG forwarded Universal Construction Contract & 
Corresponding Maps, highlighting areas of concern. Other 
Contractors have indicated a Overlay would help, but not resolve all 
the issues. As soon as they apply the fix the road will look Patchy
—1--
3/29/19 - Forwarded to DI more Photos/Timeline & Reconfirmed 
Areas of Concern 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
3/12/18 - Lutron Rep On Site. Reviewed system with Randy from 
RMC Electric. Existing system was designed for local control at the 
physical switches not controlled by the Lutron system in the Mech 
Rooms, therefore will be difficult, but not impossible to upgrade. 
Lutron are reviewing the options 
4/4/19 - Lutron where due Back On Site with RMC Electric, Lutron 
cancelled meeting due to work emergency. Awaiting new date 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Will review with JE On Site 
Pending 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Will review with JE when On Site 
Pending 
Page 1 
EFTA00811082
--- PAGE 2 ---
135 -
REFURBISHMENT 
RED HOUSE 
START 
1/21/2019 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
135A  -
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
AC SPLIT UNIT & 
FURNACE -RED 
HOUSE 
138 -
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
AC SPLIT UNIT & 
FURNACE - LV'S 
HOUSE 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
4/2/19 - Work by House Incorporated - Complete 
4/2/19 - Chimney Cap Installed 
4/3/19 - Shower Enclosures due to be Installed 4/15/19 
4/4/19 - Chavez Family started moving back into House 
4/5/19 - "In House" - Stairline Railing remaining work 
4/5/19 - Final Invoice from House Incorporated forwarded to RK for 
approval 
x 
x 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
2/19/2019 
3/28/19 - Airpro Completed Install 
3/29/19 - RMC Electric Completed Electrical Hook Up 
 4/4/19 - Unit Working 100% 
$10,644.85 4/5/19 - Airpro Payment Complete 
Awaiting Final Invoice from RMC Electric 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
Awaiting 
Response 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
NOTES 
2/19/2019 
$4,896.99 2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
3/24/19 - Airpro Completed Installation 
3/29/19 - RMC Electric Completed Electrical Hook Up 
4/2/19 - Unit Working 100% 
$4,898.98 4/5/19 - Balance to Airpro Complete 
Awaiting RMC 
Invoice 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Awaiting Final Invoice from RMC Electric 
EmillERBEL 
Invoice 
Page 2 
EFTA00811083
--- PAGE 3 ---
139 :  _
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
AC SPLIT UNIT & 
FURNACE - YELLOW 
HOUSE 
2/19/2019 
$4,603.59 2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
3/15/19 - Airpro Completed Installation 
3/25/19 - RMC Electric Completed Electrical Hook Up
3/29/19 - Unit Working 100%
$4,603.58 4/5/19 - Balance to Airpro Complete 
Awaiting Final Invoice from RMC Electric 
Awaiting RMC 
Invoice 
:END 
140 - 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
X 6 UNIT HEATERS -
GARAGES RC 
-
2/19/2019 
$8,841.43 2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
3/29/19 - All Units Installed - Running 100% 
$8,841.42 4/5/19 - Balance to Airpro Complete 
Project Total 
1[71.6_82.85 
Complete 
Page 3 
EFTA00811084
--- PAGE 4 ---
141 - Mitt I , 
WINDOW 
TREATMENTS.
COUNTERTOPS -
LODGE 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
3/15/2019 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
3./25/19 - Forwarded to JE & RK photos showing the condition of 
Formica Counter Tops in Office & Bathrooms. For review to 
replace with White Quartz $4,500.00 
3/25/19 - JE Approved Installation of White Quartz 
$3,000.00 " 
3/27/19 - Primer/Painting of Ceilings Complete. "In House•• 
Bathrooms will be completed once Countertops Installed - 4/6/19 
3/28/19 - Forwarded Estimate & Photos for Window Treatments 
142 - PHONE SYSTEM • START 
LODGE & LOG 
3/28/19 - JE Approved Window Treatments 
'3/28/19 - Prep & Priming of Walls Started. Due to Age of Structure 
of Walls, Texture was Not Stable. Many patches required to Cover 
Cracks Extra. House Incorporated have Patched, Skim Coated & 
Lightly Textured all Walls, so all areas are the same. 
x 
Awaiting 
Response 
3125/19 
JE Approved
x 
Awaiting 
Response 
3/28/19 
JE Approved
$9,210.36 3/29/19 - Deposit for Window Treatments 
.4/6/19 - White Quartz Countertops to be Installed 
.4/9/19 - Painting to begin "In House"  
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Project Placed On Hold 1/10/18 
Are we still to proceed with Verizon Cellular Phone Line for Lodge? 
Are we still to proceed with Verizon Cellular Phone Line & Solar 
Generator for Log Cabin? 
Mint 
Response 
Page 4 
EFTA00811085
--- PAGE 5 ---
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
CAMERAS -FRONT 
GATES 
$377.55 3/13/19 - Purchased Verizon Cellular Security Camera - 30 day trail 
- $20.00 a month 
3/14/19 - Camera Installed, at present linked to Brice, !Miceli 
phone & I Pad. Working very well. Will forward update 
3/22/19 - System is working out very well, no issues. Will purchase 
another Camera to install on 2nd gate 
$377.55 3/27/19 - Purchased Verizon Cellular Security Camera - 2nd Gate 
3/28/19 - RMC Electric Installed Electrical Hook Up 
3/29/19 - Camera Installed - Running 100% 
4/1/19 - Awaiting RMC Electric Final Invoice 
Awaiting RMC 
!mkt 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
- SEPTIC 
START 
END 
ST.COST 
NOTES 
SYSTEMS -RC 
4/4/19 - Gene Basset Pumped Out/Reviewed All Septic Tanks at 
RC. Reported Poor Flow to & from BH/Adobe Septic to Leaching 
Fields. Poor Flow from Office to Septic Tank 
X 
2/28/2019 
The Office Line was Blocked by Tree Roots & the Abandoned Line 
had not been Capped Correctly. New Clean Cuts have been 
Installed - problem resolved 
It appears Tree Roots have invaded Septic Lines from BH/Adobe, 
Septic Tank to Leaching Field. It has been proposed to replace 
BH/Adobe Septic Line &Septic Line to Leaching Field. This will 
require some Trenching, CNME & RMC Electric will assist as New 
Line will cross over Main Power Supply to RC 
Gene Basset is working on complete proposal. ZM will assist with 
Trenching & Pipe Laying. Will forward Proposal once in hand. 
Tentative Schedule for Repairs - Mid May 2019 
145 - GARAGE DOORS 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
STATUS 
PHOTO 
- RC 
.Will Review when JE On Site 
Pending 
146- 
STSTUS 
START 
ENO i EST.COST f 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
REFURBISHMENT 
PICKET FENCES - RC 
Repair & Painting of all Picket Fences - April 2019 
$166.82 
Purchased 100 Cedar Pickets - Curing in Garages 
Page 5 
EFTA00811086
--- PAGE 6 ---
I V  - SITE WALLS & 
MISC PLASTER 
WORK MC 
11.9 
REFURBISHMENT 
OUTSIDE LOG CABIN 
150 W1NDSHEILD -
2002 MERCEDES 
START 
START 
START 
2/13/2019 
END 
END 
EST. COST 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
Expect Bid by 4/3/19 - Work would not start until late April/May 
NOTES 
Logs Require Sanding, Cleaning, Water Sealing & Replacement of 
Chinking. Will begin in the Spring 
END 
EST .COST 
NOTES 
Contacted Gary Mann (RK Contact). He contacted Mercedes 
reference Windshield Repair - Unable to come up with Solution. 
Gary was to contact Guard Car Companies, have left a message 
requesting update 
3/22/19 - As of Date & Time No Solution on how to Repair 
Windshield has been found. Will continue investigating 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
PHOTO 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
STATUS 
REFURBISHMENT - 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
4/4/2019 
RUNS, FENCELINES & 
GATES -RC 
4/4/19 - Removal of Old Gates on Runs at Stables Started 
x 
Awaiting 
COMPUTOR - 
James Ce forwarded History of Existing Library Computer, Feb 2015 
LIBRARY - MH 
How do you wish to proceed? 
Response 
Page 6 
EFTA00811087

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811088.pdf
----------------------------------------
72- WATER 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
DEVELOPMENT 
5/6/2014 
3/9/19 - Casey reported on readings - is about 29% of the total 
PBU target of 68afa. With 33% of the year gone, Ranch is on target 
Noting that since we started pumping harder in 2017, there has 
been a steady decline in production, with about 40ft decline in 
Water Levels since last year, but with continued monitoring and 
working on giving all the Wells a long rest period after Nov all 
should be good 
96B - PAVING OF 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
ROADWAY 
6/29/2017 
2/12/19 - Gilbert Luna (Universal Paving) & his Forman On Site to 
Review Final Section of Work. He Proposed Only to "Fix" 20001 -
MH Z to Bull Head. He indicated Fix for Office to Main Gates. 
Proposed Work to begin March. 
BG has concerns regarding "Fix" & Proposed Start Date, due to 
Temps. Recommend late April/May. BG explained Owner would 
want New Surface to Run from MH Z to Cattle Guard RC, Office to 
Main Gates 
BG indicated a payment of 100k, Gilbert Luna would need to sign 
Legal Binder. He expressed concerns as requested work would 
cost him approx. 100k. He was to review numbers & get back with 
BG. As of date & time no contact has been made. 
Should we contact Mountain States or another Company to see if 
Awaiting 
:they are interested in providing a Proposal for a "Fix"? 
Response 
3/18/19 - Received letter from Calvert & Menicucci - collections 
agency for Universal Construction, Inc. Forwarded to RK & DI. A 
complete timeline & details of the Project will be forwarded to DI 
PM 3/18/19 
102 - LUTRON 
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
SYSTEM - MH 
118B PURCHASE 
WATER TRUCK 
2/22/2019 
I 3/12/18 - Lutron Rep On Site. Reviewed system with Randy from 
RMC Electric. Existing system was designed for local control at the 
physical switches not controlled by the Lutron system in the Mech 
Rooms, therefore will be difficult, but not impossible to upgrade. 
Lutron are reviewing the options and will forward details within 10 
.days 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
Will review with JE when On Site 
STATUS 
Page 1 
EFTA00811088
--- PAGE 2 ---
1181:  - PURCHASE 
GRADER 
135 
REFURBISHMENT 
RED HOUSE 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
Will review with JE when On Site 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
•
1/21/2019 
3/12/19 - Cabinets Installed, Shower/Tub Installed/Electrical Rough 
 In Complete/Tile Flooring Complete 
 3/17/19 - Granite Installed 
;3/18/19 - Fireplace Installed - Stone Work to start 3/19/19 
'3/22/19 - House Incorporated expected to be Complete with their 
Work 
3/25/19 - Carpet to be Installed 
PHOTO 
STATUS
PHOTO 
STATUS 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
136 - REPAIR F150 
START , 
END 
2/7/2019 
3/8/2019 
END 
$ 2,150.00 3/8/19 - Repairs Complete 
$ _2; 150.09 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
Complete 
Project Total 
START 
STATUS 
137- 
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
2/19/2019 2/28/2019 
2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
x 
Existing Furnace. Furnish/Install 1 Carrier 110,000 BT Furnace in 
Awaiting 
FURNACE - STABLES 
Response 
Stables. 
(2/16/19) 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
$ 1,447.71 2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
2/27/19.7 Airpro Installed New Furnace 
2/28/19 - Furnace Installed. Running 100% 
$ 1,447.71 3/18/19 - Paid Balance to Airpro 
Project Total 
2,895.42 
Complete 
138 -
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS, 
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
AC SPLIT UNIT & 
FURNACE - 
HOUSE 
2/19/2019 
2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
Awaiting 
Existing Swamp Cooler. Furnish/Install 1 Carrier 4 ton AC Split Unit 
and Furnace to LVs House 
Response 
(2/15/19) 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
2119/19 - Airpro Discounted 10% 
$ 4,896.99 2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
3/15/19 - 90% Complete, Awaiting Electrical Connect - 3/22/19 
Page 2 
EFTA00811089
--- PAGE 3 ---
139 -
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
AC SPLIT UNIT & 
FURNACE - YELLOW 
HOUSE 
14C -
PURCHASE/INSTALL 
X 6 UNIT HEATERS -
GARAGES RC 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
2/19/20191 
2/12/19 
Existing 
Yellow 
- Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
Swamp Cooler. Furnish/Install 1 Carrier 3 ton Furnace to 
House 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
2/19/19 - Airpro Discounted 10% 
$ 4,603.59 2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
3115/19 - 90% Complete, Awaiting Electrical Connect - 3/22/19 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
I
Awaiting 
Response 
(2/16/19) 
2/19/2019 
2/12/19 - Proposal Forwarded to RK to Remove/Dispose of 
Existing 6 Heaters. Fumish/Install 6 Sterling Unit Heaters -
Garages RC 
2/16/19 - RK requested 10% Discount 
2/19/19 - Airpro Discounted 10% 
S 8,841 43 2/21/19 - 50% Deposit Paid to Airpro 
PHOTO 
x 
STATUS 
Awaiting 
Response 
(2/16/19) 
2/25/19 - Material/Parts Ordered. Installation expected 3/14/19 
3/15/19 - Due to weather/road closures. Installation rescheduled 
3/25/19 
141 - 
CARPET/TILE/WINDO 
W TREATMENTS -
LODGE 
START 
END 
EST.COST
NOTES 
2/11/2019 
3/15/19 - Carpet/Tile Install Approved - JE 
3/18/19 - Deposit paid for Carpet & Tile 
3/18/19 - Furniture etc. removed from Lodge 
3/19/19 - Native Son On Site to review window treatments 
3/19/19 - Carpet to be removed 
14?  - PHONE SYSTEM • START 
LODGE & LOG 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
Project Placed On Hold 1/10/18 
Are we still to proceed with Verizon Cellular Phone Line for Lodge? 
Are we still to proceed with Verizon Celular Phone Line & Solar 
Generator for Log Cabin? 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
Awaiting 
Response 
Awaiting 
Response 
Page 3 
EFTA00811090
--- PAGE 4 ---
143 - SECURITY 
START 
END 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
CAMERAS -FRONT 
Existing Security Camera System has Failed. Gates Operational 
3113/19 - Purchased Verizon Cellular Security Camera - 30 day trail 
- 820.00 a month 
3/14/19 - Camera Installed, at present linked to Brice, 
cell 
phone & I Pad. Working very well. Will forward update 3/22/19 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
GATES 
144 - SEPTIC 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
SYSTEMS-RC 
Awaiting 
2/28/2019 
Septic Line to the Tank & the Leaching Field for the BH need 
replacing. Roots from Trees have Compromised the Line. The 
.Adobe is in the same situation 
2/28/19 - All RC Septic Tanks. Pumped Out 
Gene Basset will forward a Proposal for Removal/Installation New 
'Septic Tank by 3/22/19 
Proposal 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
145 - GARAGE DOORS 
START 
PA) 
EST.COST 
NOTES 
-RC 
Will Review when JE On Site 
EST.COST 
PHOTO 
STSTUS 
NOTES 
146 
START 
END 
REFURBISHMENT 
PICKET FENCES - RC 
Repair & Painting of all Picket Fences - April 2019 
$ 
166.82 Purchased 100 Cedar Pickets - Curing in Garages 
147 - SITE WALLS & 
START 
END 
EST. COST 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
MISC PLASTER 
WORK MC 
Expect Bid by 3/22/19 - Work would not start until late April/May 
148 - NEW PATHWAY - 
START 
END 
NOTES 
PHOTO 
STATUS 
LOG CABIN 
2/15/19 - Existing Stone Pathway Removed 
$ 3,144.39 2/20/19 - Deposit x 65 3x12x6 Rough Pine. A platform will need to 
be constructed under pathway to keep it level 
$ 1,287.69 3/7/19 - Balance Rough Pine 
3/19/19 - Project to begin 
Page 4 
EFTA00811091
--- PAGE 5 ---
WINDSHEILD - 2002 
MERCEDES 
COMPUTOR - 
LIBRARY - MH 
LANDSCAPE -EAST 
GARDEN 
Stack Walls & Lavender Beds 
Contacted Gary Mann (RK Contact). He contacted Mercedes 
reference Windshield Repair - Unable to come up with Solution. 
Gary was to contact Guard Car Companies, have left a message 
requesting update 
Awaiting 
Response 
James Ce forwarded History of Existing Library Computer, Feb 2015 
How do you wish to proceed? 
Once Weather Breaks Work will Start on Collapsed Section/Dry 
Awaiting 
Response 
Page 5 
EFTA00811092

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811093.pdf
----------------------------------------
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
LOCATION 
MAIN HOUSE 
TASK 
RESPONSIBILITY 
COMPLETE 
Move Cactus from Landing 
Need To Check Electrical Issue - Outside Blue room - Ceiling Light 
 Review String Lights - Master Bathroom & Gym - New Rope Lighting 
Stabilize Wooden Horse Head Statue & Oil 
Pool Door near Pool Mech Bay - Fix Floor Vent - Not Flat 
Refurbishment Easel - Outside Horse Area 
Pool Room Mech Door - Stain 
Hot Feet - Outside Tin Man Area 
Paint Rusty Drain Covers - Outside Big Front Doors 
Rust Marks Under Outside Lights - Telescope Deck 
Review Wiring around Desk - Library 
Repair Fire Grate - Great Room 
Secure Stone Work near Doors -Telescope Room 
Curtains - Sarah's Office/Curtain Repair Master 
Empty Out Storage under JE's Back Stair Line - Inventory
Clean & Tidy Up Mech Bay 3 
Scrape/Paint Vent Ledges Exterior RO/Cooling Tower 
Set Up ATV's - Garage 
Printer Library
Reinstall Hanging Rack in Laundry 
Replace Rotten Wood around Dog Pen, especially near MR - Stain & Paint Roof
Exterior MH Metal Lights need Refurbishment - some are OK 
Stain Legs - Exterior Tables/Benches 
Strip/Paint Lower Exterior Board Great Room Window 
MH Kitchen Mop Room - Paint Ceiling/Walls 
Paint Rusty Drains - Outside Pool Area 
All 
RMC 3/25/19 
RMC 3/25/19 
Carlos  
Steve 
Carlos 
Carlos 
Spring 
Rene 
Spring 
Carlos 
Spring 
Brice 
Spring 
Brice 
Steve 
Complete 
Gilbert 
Complete 
Brice 
Steve & Carlos 
Carlos/Rene 
Carlos/Rene 
Carlos 
Carlos  
Carlos 
Spring 
EFTA00811093
--- PAGE 2 ---
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
LOCATION 
TASK 
RESPONSIBILITY 
COMPLETE 
FRONT GATES 
Check Solar Rock Lights - Correct Location/Working - Replacement 
Brice 
Complete 
Repair Damaged Fence Line - Slickline needs to be tightened 
Steve 
Complete 
RC OFFICE 
Fix Roof Tiles - some fallen on the ground 
Repair/Change Out Broken Conduit near AC 
New Base Board - Paint - Bathroom 
Install Hook - Bathroom 
Sand & Repaint -Grey Deck 
`Repair Hitching Posts 
All 
Steve 
Carlos 
Steve 
Carlos 
Steve 
Spring 
YELLOW HOUSE  Remove Existing Pathways. Install New Pathways like front of Adobe 
RED HOUSE 
Install New Edging Around Planter Beds -Garage Areas 
Review Sm Leak - Ceiling in Kitchen 
Spring 
Spring 
Remove Existing Pathways Install New Pathways like front of Adobe 
Missing Window Screens - Where are they? 
Spring 
Amber & Steve 
Complete 
DISH NETWORK 
Yellow House - Need Receiver & Smart Card Numbers 
Rene 
Complete 
Red House/ BH - Need Receiver & Smart Card Numbers 
Amber & Steve 
Complete 
Adobe - Need Receiver & Smart Card Numbers 
Carlos 
Complete 
Staff House - Need Receiver & Smart Card Numbers 
Karen 
Complete 
EFTA00811094
--- PAGE 3 ---
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
LOCATION 
TASK 
COMPLETE 
BUNKHOUSE 
Remove Existing Stone Courtyard, reconstruct 
Bid Out 
Replacement Missing/Loose Stones under Big Table in Courtyard 
Spring 
Stain Retaining Wall outside BH same as Deck 
Carlos 
Spring 
Fix Door Latch Flag Room 
Steve 
STABLES 
Fix Broken Bedside Table - Arizona Room 
Steve 
Take Down Broken Living Room Wall Scones - will send out for repair 
Sort Out the outside grill - place and secure in correct location 
_ 
Total Repaint of Exterior of Stables 
All 
Spring 
Replacement x 2 Windows Upper Roof Area 
Spring 
Paint Exterior Light on stables - facing horse shelter 
Carlos 
Spring 
Need to sort out gates/replace broken fence boards everywhere 
Steve 
Fix broken Window Gate - Wash Bay 
Steve 
Nail Shut all windows - many have dropped - review 
Review 
Review Runs/Gates everywhere 
Steve 
GREENHOUSE 
Paint Goat Shelter & Chicken Coop 
Carlos 
Fix Interior Office Door - Scrapping on Floor 
Total Clean Up/Fix Metal Edging - Chicken Coop 
Total Clean Up - Pig Pen 2 areas 
Fix Metal Cover on Window - Wash Bay 
Steve 
Repaint Red Floors - Gloss Red not Flat 
Carlos 
Get Check Randy to Check GFI at Stables & Res 
Randy 
Paint Exterior Window Frames - still raw wood 
Carlos 
Spring 
WELL 6 
Wood/Metal - dispose of all 
All 
EFTA00811095
--- PAGE 4 ---
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
LOCATION 
TASK 
RESPONSIBILITY 
COMPLETE 
DAKOTA  
Dispose of Pipe Outside 
 Trim all Loose Electrical Wires 
Back fill Foundation 
Empty Out Cabinet - Inventory 
All 
All 
All 
RC 
Construct Support Wall Outside Polebarn 
Total Clean & Organize all Workshops - Inventory 
 Total Clean Up/Inventory of Paint lockers/Christmas items 
Repaint Purple Windmill 
Clean Out Water Retention Tank 
Stain & Thompson Seal Old Water Tank behind Hay Barn 
'Construct Supports for Scaffolding & Ladders 
Tidy Up Behind Hanger. 
Paint Stock Trailer 
Relocate PVC Supports from Pole Barn to Hanger 
Install Combo Lock on Door 
OLD SO& 
Wood On Site 
LOG 
Repair Window 
Seal Small windows 
Restain/Water Proof Outside Seat & Wheels 
Change Out Padlock System - need to chat about this 
Review 
All 
All 
Carlos 
Review 
Carlos 
Steve 
All 
Review 
Steve 
Spring 
Spring 
Spring 
All 
Steve 
Steve 
Carlos 
EFTA00811096
--- PAGE 5 ---
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
LOCATION 
TASK 
RESPONSIBILITY 
COMPLETE 
NORTH GATE 
Remove Signs, repaint Green gate and Reinstall signs 
Fill in Sink Hole 
LODGE 
Repair/Restain all Outside Furniture 
Carlos & Gilbert 
Complete 
Stain/Seal Well Shed 
Spring 
All Loose/Fallen Stone to be reinstalled - under deck & lower sections of Lodge 
Hot feet needs to be Installed, especially high areas - Woodpeckers 
Rene 
Spring 
Repair all hole/damage caused by Woodpeckers 
Steve 
Trim Tree Back - Right of Electric Fence 
Install New Boot Brush at Front Door 
Steve 
Repair/Refurbish all Furniture which has been relocated to Woodshop (photos) 
Carlos & Gilbert 
CABOOSE 
Remove Wall Paper - Paint 
Outside Table & Benches refurbish 
Spring 
Repair Hitching Post 
Spring 
Install Awning 
Summer 
YURT 
Repair/Cement all Loose & Missing Base Rock Outside 
Stain Front Door 
spring 
LARRY V'S 
Fix Broken Gates - come up with better solution 
All 
Stain & Seal Wooden Barrels 
Carlos 
Spring 
Paint Basket Ball Stand 
Carlos 
Spring 
Culvert Work 
Review 
Sand & Repaint Fencellne 
All 
Spring 
EFTA00811097
--- PAGE 6 ---
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
ELECTRCIAL 
Electrical Fenceline around MH 
Steve 
FENCELINES 
LANDSCAPE 
Trenching/Installation of new Electrdal Cable & New Landscaping Lighting - MH 
Rene & Jamie 
LIGHTING 
Complete 
INVENTORY 
lA complete inventory of all WS/Welding/Garages/Bays/Stables - toots, power tools, etc. 
All 
EFTA00811098

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811099.pdf
----------------------------------------
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
LOCATION 
TASK 
DAYLIGHT SAVINGS 
MONDAY 11TH - PUT ALL CLOCKS - BUILDINGS/CARS ETC 1 HOUR AHEAD 
CPR CLASSES 
Set this up - please provide dates options 
MAIN HOUSE 
Move Cactus from Landing 
COMPLETE 
Paint Metal Ceiling Lights - Outside Blue Room/Bathroom x 2 
Review String Lights - Master Bathroom & Gym - New Rope Lighting 
Stabilize Wooden Horse Head Statue & Oil 
Pool Door Saddles - Replace all Rusty Screws with Brass Screws 
Pool Door near Pool Mech Bay - Fix Floor Vent - Not Flat 
Refurbishment Easel - Outside Horse Area 
Paint White Electrical Caps on Ceiling in Movie Room - Brown 
Remove Paper from Ceiling Vent Outside Staff Kitchen 
Pool Room Mech Door - Stain 
Hot Feet - Outside Tin Man Area 
Paint Rusty Drain Covers - Outside Big Front Doors 
Rust Marks Under Outside Lights - Telescope Deck 
Replace Blown Picture Lights - Library - Lutron Issue 
Review Wiring around Desk - Library 
Repair Fire Grate - Great Room 
Secure Stone Work near Doors -Telescope Room  
Chandler - light needs replacing - Telescope Office - Electrical 
Review Lights - Laundry 
Curtains - Sarah's Office/Curtain Repair Master 
Paint Upper Window - breezeway out side Movie Room 
Empty Out Storage under JE's Back Stair Line - Inventory 
Clean & Tidy Up Mech Bay 3 
Hang Fire Extinguishers - Staff Kitchen, Staff Bathroom, RO Room 
Scrape/Paint Vent Ledges Exterior RO/Cooling Tower 
Set Up ATV's - Garage 
Printer Library 
EFTA00811099
--- PAGE 2 ---
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
LOCATION 
TASK 
MAIN HOUSE 
Chalk in gap between Window Frame & Sill - Starline/Cactus 
Replace Rotten Wood around Dog Pen, especially near MH - Stain & Paint Roof 
Repaint/Touch Up - Exterior Red Wall 
Exterior MH Metal Lights need Refurbishment - some are OK 
Stain Legs - Exterior Tables/Benches 
Strip/Paint Lower Exterior Board Great Room Window 
MH Kitchen Mop Room - Paint Ceiling/Walls 
Paint Rusty Drains - Outside Pool Area 
COMPLETE 
FRONT GATES 
Check Solar Rock Lights - Correct Location/Working - Replacement 
Repair Damaged Fence Line - Slickline needs to be tightened 
Install No Trespassing Signs - will need to change out support posts 
Install Camera Signs - will need to review locations 
RC OFFICE 
Fix Roof Tiles - some fallen on the ground 
Repair/Change Out Broken Conduit near AC 
New Base Board - Paint - Bathroom 
Install Hook - Bathroom 
Sand & Repaint - Grey Deck 
 Repair Hitching Posts 
YELLOW HOUSE 
Remove Existing Pathways. Install New Pathways like front of Adobe 
Install New Edging Around Planter Beds -Garage Areas 
RED HOUSE 
Remove Existing Pathways Install New Pathways like front of Adobe 
Missing Window Screens - Where are they? 
DISH NETWORK 
Yellow House - Need Receiver & Smart Card Numbers 
Red House/ BH - Need Receiver & Smart Card Numbers 
Adobe - Need Receiver & Smart Card Numbers 
Staff House - Need Receiver & Smart Card Numbers 
EFTA00811100
--- PAGE 3 ---
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
LOCATION 
TASK 
COMPLETE 
BUNKHOUSE 
Remove Existing Stone Courtyard, reconstruct 
Replacement Missing/Loose Stones under Big Table in Courtyard 
Stain Retaining Wall outside BH same as Deck 
Fix Door Latch Flag Room 
Fix Broken Bedside Table - Arizona Room 
Take Down Broken Living Room Wall Scones - will send out for repair 
STABLES 
Total Repaint of Exterior of Stables 
Replacement x 2 Windows Upper Roof Area 
Paint Exterior Light on stables - facing horse shelter 
Need to sort out gates/replace broken fence boards everywhere
Fix broken Window Gate - Wash Bay 
Nail Shut all windows - many have dropped - review 
 Review Runs/Gates everywhere 
Paint Goat Shelter & Chicken Coop 
Fix Interior Office Door - Scrapping on Floor 
Total Clean Up/Fix Metal Edging - Chicken Coop 
Total Clean Up - Pig Pen 2 areas 
Fix Metal Cover on Window - Wash Bay 
Repaint Red Floors - Gloss Red not Flat 
Gel Ir I ft indy to Check GFI at Stables & Res 
GREENHOUSE 
Paint Exterior Window Frames - still raw wood 
Good clean Up required 
WELL 6 
Wood/Metal - dispose of all 
EFTA00811101
--- PAGE 4 ---
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
LOCATION 
TASK 
COMPLETE 
DAKOTA 
Dispose of Pipe Outside 
Trim all Loose Electrical Wires 
Back fill Foundation 
Empty Out Cabinet - Inventory 
RC 
Construct Support Wall Outside Polebarn 
Total Clean & Organize all Workshops - Inventory 
Total Clean Up/Inventory of Paint lockers/Christmas items 
Repaint Purple Windmill 
Clean Out Water Retention Tank 
Stain & Thompson Seal Old Water Tank behind Hay Barn  
Sand/Paint Picket Fences 
HANGER 
Construct Supports for Scaffolding & Ladders 
Tidy Up Behind Hanger. 
.Paint Stock Trailer 
Relocate PVC Supports from Pole Barn to Hanger 
OLD CORAL 
Wood Ordered - need to review design/options 
LOG 
Repair Window 
Change Out Pathway as per JE - Wood Ordered 
Seal Small windows 
Trim All Trees Damages by Cows 
Need to Rechink Out Side 
Restain/Water Proof Outside 
Restain/Water Proof Outside Seat & Wheels 
Change Out Padlock System - need to chat about this 
Spring 
EFTA00811102
--- PAGE 5 ---
ZORRO MANAGEMENT LLC 
LOCATION 
TASK 
COMPLETE 
QWEST COMS HUTS Need to be repaint - review with Karen 
NORTH GATE 
Remove Signs, repaint Green gate and Reinstall signs
Fill in Sink Hole 
LODGE 
Stain/Seal Outside Deck Furniture 
Stain/Seal Outside Deck & Outside of Lodge 
Spring
Stain/Seal Well Shed 
Spring
All Loose/Fallen Stone to be reinstalled - under deck & lower sections of Lodge 
Hot feet needs to be installed, especially high areas - Woodpeckers 
Repair all hole/damage caused by Woodpeckers 
Repair broken cabinet doors - back bedroom 
Clean Outside Windows - Deck Sealer everywhere 
Trim Tree Back - Right of Electric Fence  
Install New Boot Brush at Front Door 
CABOOSE 
Remove Wall Paper- Paint 
Outside Table & Benches refurbish  
 Spring 
Repair Hitching Post 
Install Awning 
Summer
YURT 
Repair/Cement all Loose & Missing Base Rock Outside
Stain Front Door 
LARRY V'S 
Garage Tidy Up - Lodge furniture 
Stain & Seal Wooden Barrels 
Spring 
— 
Paint Basket Ball Stand 
Spring 
Culvert Work 
Sand & Repaint Fenceline 
Fix Broken Gates - come up with better solution 
INVENTORY 
A complete inventory of all WS/Welding/Garages/Bays/Stables - tools, power tools, etc. 
EFTA00811103

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811104.pdf
----------------------------------------
Zorro Management, LLC 
Date of Request: 
Amount Requested: 
Requested by: 
Zorro Ranch Road, Stanley, NM 87056 
Wire Transfer Request Form 
Payee Name: 
01/25/19 
$29,107.67 
Brice M Gordon 
Bank Name: 
Bank Account Number. 
Bank Routing Number. 
Purpose/ 
Description: 
Special Notes/ 
Instructions: 
Payee Address: 
DelNorte Credit Union 
IM= 
House Incorporated 
223 N Guadalupe 4261 
Santa Fe 
NM 87501 
Demo/Repairs Required After Water Heater Failed 
Causing Damage to Upper & Lower Levels of Red House 
'Terms: 1/3 Down - $29,107.67 (request submitted 01125/19) 
1/3 Installment - $29,107.67 once repairs, electrical rough in, wall & ceilings repaired & painted 
completed & ready for tile and cabinets 
1/3 Complete - $29,107.67 tile, cabinets, electrical, plumbing all work complete 
GL Account Information: 
GL Description: Red House 
GL Number 15510 
Authorization: Jeffrey E Epstein 
Date: 01/24/19 
EFTA00811104
--- PAGE 2 ---
House, Incorporated 
GB98 LicenseII= 
223 N Guadalupe #261 
Santa Fe, NM 87501 
date:1/16/2019 
Estimate for: Brice Gordon/ Zorro Ranch 
Stanley, NM 
Repair Red House due to Plumbing Damage 
House, Incorporated Proposes to do the following work 
Red House 
Demo and Repair 
Demo 
protect surfaces 
Remove appliances, hot water heater 
Remove plumbing sinks,faucets,disposal,toilets,tubs 
Remove light fixtures 
Remove countertops removal 
Remove cabinets and vanities 
Remove tub and enclosures 
Remove water damaged sheetrock 
Remove tile floor baths, kitchen 
Check electrical for circuts, recessed lights 
Repair 
Water heater closet 
New floor-plywood with water resentant membrane 
New sheetrock walls, painted 
Kitchen ceiling- new recessed cans, sheetrock, painted 
New sheetrock for water damaged walls 
check electrical for circuts, undercab lights 
new ceiling cans with LED's 
Demo and Repair Subtotals 
Labor 
Misc Materials  Allowances 
$ 1,750.00 
6,350.00 
Line Totals 
Demo and Repair Subtotals 
$ 8,100 00 
EFTA00811105
--- PAGE 3 ---
iitti11 
Allowances 
Vanities in cabinet allowances 
Sea sinks @ $77 ea 
ea sink faucets @ $228 ea 
cast Iron tub $424 
tub, jetted @1,200 
tub/showeer faucets-rough-In and trim @$ 245 
toilets w/lid 2 @ $ 321 ea 
111e floor tile allowance $3/scift 
Tile-tub enclosures and backsplash tile allowance $3/scift 
Mirrors 3 ea @ $85ea 
Vanity lights 3 ea @ $125ea 
The Work 
misc materials-drains, stops,caulk, glue, nails, lumber 
install tubs 
install bath faucet rough-ins 2 ea 
tile backer 
sheetrock 
prepare sheetrock for paint 
install bath vanities 
Install countertops baths 
set sink faucets 
Install mirrors 
install vanity lights 
set backsplash tile 
Repair hot water heater closet 
Hot water heater 
install pan 
repair plumbing 
install hot water heater 
S 
Labor 
Misc Materials 
Allowance 
231.00 
684.00 
425 
1,200.00 
490.00 
642.00 
300.00 
480.00 
255.00 
375.00 
S 6,500.00 $ 
2,800.00 $ 
Line Subtotals 
5.621.00 Baths Subtotal 
$ 14,921.00 
EFTA00811106
--- PAGE 4 ---
kitchen 
sheetrock repair 
set cabinets, vanities 
Kitchen allowances 
Countertops-bath and kitchen $85/soft 
Countertop sink cut outs- 3 bath, 1 kitchen 
Cabints bath and kitchen.by bid 
Sink 
Faucet 
disposal 
Refrigerator 
Range 
Dishwasher 
Microwave 
Floor Tile 
Backsplash tile 45 soft @ 54/soft 
Hardware- pull,knobs 
template for countertops 
paint 
install countertops, kitchen 
set backsplash tile, kitchen 
install plumbing fixtures, sinks, kitchen sink 
tile first floor living areas 
Install hardware 
by owner 
by owner 
by owner 
300.00 
300.00 
150.00 
1,800.00 
750.00 
425.00 
325.00 
4,800.00 
180.00 
250.00 
labor 
Misc Materials  Allowance Subtotal 
line Subtotals 
5,400.00 
10,700.00 
$ 
9,280.00 
Kitchen Subtotal 
25,380.00 
TOTAL KITCHEN and BATH 
48,401.00
EFTA00811107
--- PAGE 5 ---
Additional Work 
Clad fireplace in cultured stone 
install 4 lights and ceiling fan in den 
new laundry door $350 door and jam 
new frontdoor $550 door and jam 
Replace mirrored closet doors with painted doors 
Additional additional work 1/16/2019 
Replace existing fire place with an efficient wood burning fireplace 
Install 4-4" cans in each bedrooms with switches 
Replace existing recessed cans with 4" cans, baths, halls 
Add brushed.on moisture barrier to concrete slab (first floor) 
Units Subtot Misc Materials 
Allowance Subtotal 
Line Subtotals 
768 $ 
768.00 
$ 1,536.00 
250 
1250 $ 
350.00 
$ 1,600.00 
1200 
1200 
350.00 
$ 1,550.00 
1200 
1200 
550.00 
$ 1,750.00 
250 
1500 $ 
1,800.00 
S 3,300.00 
$ 9,736.00 
Additional Work Totals 
$ 19,472.00 
Labor 
Misc Materials 
Allowance Subtotal 
TOTALIII L WOliJi 
Line Subtotals 
$ 4,550.00 
2,500.00 $ 
4,200.00 
$ 11,250.00 
$ 1,200.00 
750.00 $ 
1,600.00 
$ 3,550.00 
$ 1,200.00 
250.00 $ 
650.00 
$ 2,100.00 
$ 1,500.00 
1,050.00 
$ 2,550.00 
$ 19,450.00 
TOTAL ALL WORILas 0 11161201$ 
Changes as of 1/16/2019 and 1/24/2019 
additional additional work 
omit cabinet and countertop allowances 
Frame larger opening for larger tub in master bath no change 
Switch tub in bath2 for shower only no change 
Terms- 1/3 down ($29,107.67) to start. 
All repairs done, electrical rough-in done, walls and ceilings repaired and painted, ready for tile floors and cabinets 1/3 ($29,107.67) 
Tile floors finished, cabinets set,electrical and plumbing trim complete, all work completed 1/3 ($29,107.67) 
Wiring information: Delfforte Credit Union routing number- 
accout number-
$ 67,873.00 
$ 87,323.00 
29107.66667 
EFTA00811108
--- PAGE 6 ---
1125/2019 
Gmail - ZM Red House Refurbishment 
M 
Gmail 
ZM Red House Refurbishment 
messages 
Brice Gordon 
To: Rich Kahn 
Cc: "jeffrey E7 <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Zorro Ranch < 
Zorro Ranch <1 
Fri, Jan 18, 2019 at 1:16 PM 
Greeting Rich 
Attached Repair Proposals and Photo's of the Red House for your Review and Reference. 
At this time I am researching a Warranty Claim regarding the water heater, which was purchased by Zorro Development and 
installed by Horizon Mechanical Feb 2016. It appears the Leak is a manufacturing fault not an installation issue. 
House Incorporated (Joe Gammon) can start work the week of 28th. 
4-5 Guys, 5 weeks work 
Kitchen Cabinets. 4-6 weeks lead time 
Please advise on how you wish to proceed? 
regards Brice 
Ph 
ZM Red House Refurbish.pdf 
attachments 
IMG_1260.jpg 
490K 
IMG_1262.jpg 
464K 
IMG_1261.jpg 
538K 
1/3 
EFTA00811109
--- PAGE 7 ---
1/25./2019 
Gmail - ZM Red House Refurbishment 
IMG_1272.jpg 
949K 
"" IMG_1314.MOV 
15266K 
IMG_1326.Jpg 
611K 
Brice Gordon 
To: Rich Kahn 
Cc: leffrey E." <jeevacauon@gmail.com>, Zorro Ranch 
IMG_1271.jpg 
601K 
IMG_1287.jpg 
628K 
Thu, Jan 24, 2019 at 10:54 AM 
2/3 
EFTA00811110
--- PAGE 8 ---
1/2512019 
Gmail - ZM Red House Refurbishment 
Good Morning Rich 
Have you been able to review attached proposals for the Refurbishment of the Red House? 
any concerns let me know 
regards Brice 
(Quoted text hidden] 
Brice Gordon 
Stanle , NM 
Ph 
J .c* 
v 
tion 
mail.com> 
To: 
< 
Cc: Rlc 1 hn < 
Zorro Ranch < 
brice go ahead with the red house. 
(Quoted text Herten) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
To: J <jeevacationr&ornall.com> 
Cc: Rich Kahn < 
Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
(Quoted text hidden) 
>, Zorro Ranch 
Thu, Jan 24. 2019 at 12:03 PM 
Thu, Jan 24, 2019 at 12:25 PM 
3/3 
EFTA00811111

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811112.pdf
----------------------------------------
ALBANO MARINE SURVEY 
MARINE SURVEYOR 
ZODIAC PRO 750 RIB 
ZODIAC 
MEMBER OF SOCIETY OF ACCREDITED MARINE SURVEYORS 
 y 
6501 Red Hook Plaza Suite 201 St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
EFTA00811112
--- PAGE 2 ---
r 
1( 
....
es
ALE3ANO 
MARINE SURVEY 
Report of Marine Survey 
Of The Vessel 
ZODIAC 
ZODIAC PRO 750 RIB 
Conducted by 
TIMOTHY J. ALBANO 
MARINE SURVEYOR 
PREPARED FOR: 
BRICE GORDON 
July 03, 2018 
K_ 
MEMBER OF SOCIETY OF ACCREDITED MARINE SURVEYORS 
EFTA00811113
--- PAGE 3 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
SECTION 
PAGE NO. 
INTRODUCTION  
GENERAL INFORMATION 
III. 
SYSTEMS 
HULL DECK AND SUPERSTRUCTURE 
PROPULSION 
FUEL SYSTEM 
ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS 
STEERING SYSTEM 
ELECTRONICS AND NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 
SAFETY EQUIPMENT 
OUT OF WATER INSPECTION  
SEATRIAL REPORT 
IV. 
FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS 
V. 
SUMMARY AND VALUATION 
VI. 
PHOTOGRAPHS 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 0O802 
TOC 
EFTA00811114
--- PAGE 4 ---
I. INTRODUCTION 
SCOPE OF SURVEY 
Acting at the request of BRICE GORDON, the attending surveyor did attend onboard the ZODIAC PRO 750 RIB, ZODIAC beginning on, 
JULY 2018 where an "in-the-water-survey" WAS conducted at, COMPASS POINT MARINA, ST. THOMAS, USVI. The ship's papers 
were on board and appeared to be in order. The Hull Identification Number (FR-) 
WAS verified from the transom. A 
sea trial WAS performed. An out-of the water inspection of underwater machinery and the exterior of the hulls wetted surface area 
WAS performed. The reason for the survey, was to ascertain the physical condition and value of the vessel. DC power WAS used to 
check operation of the electrical systems specified in this report only. No reference or information should be construed to indicate 
evaluation of the internal condition of the engines or the propulsion system's operating capacity. Electronic equipment was 
checked for "power up" only. 
This vessel was surveyed without removals of any parts, including fittings, tacked carpet, screwed or nailed boards, anchors and 
chain, fixed partitions, instruments, clothing, spare parts and miscellaneous materials in the bilges and lockers, or other fixed or 
semi-fixed items. Locked compartments or otherwise inaccessible areas would also preclude inspection. Owner is advised to 
open up all such areas for further inspection. Further, no determination of stability characteristics or inherent structural integrity 
has been made and no opinion is expressed with respect thereto. This survey report represents the condition of the vessel on the 
above dates, and is the unbiased opinion of the undersigned, but it is not to be considered an inventory or a warranty either 
specified or implied. 
CONDUCT OF SURVEY: 
THE MANDATORY STANDARDS PROMULGATED BY THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD (USCG), UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF TITLE 46 
UNITED STATES CODE (USC); TITLE 33 AND TITLE 46, CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS (CFR), AND THE VOLUNTARY STANDARDS AND 
RECOMMENDED PRACTICES DEVELOPED BY THE AMERICAN BOAT AND YACHT COUNCIL (ABYC) AND THE NATIONAL FIRE PROTECTION 
ASSOCIATION (NFPA) HAVE BEEN USED AS GUIDELINES IN THE CONDUCT OF THIS SURVEY. 
The use of the word "appears" is intended to indicate that a close or complete inspection was not possible or it was not deemed 
appropriate at the time of this survey. The deficiencies reported herein reflect the conditions observed at the time the survey was 
conducted. 
Use of asterisks in the body of the report will indicate that a finding will be listed in the Findings and Recommendations section 
pertaining to the asterisked item, following the body of the report. 
Note: 
An engine surveyor was on board during the hull survey and performed a separate survey on the vessel's propulsion system. 
Questions about the condition of this system should be addressed to that survey. 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 1 of 15 
EFTA00811115
--- PAGE 5 ---
II. GENERAL INFORMATION 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
SURVEY PREPARED FOR• 
BRICE GORDON 
NAME OF VESSEL• 
ZODIAC 
TYPE OF SURVEY: 
Pre-Purchase for Buyer 
OVERALL VESSEL RATING: 
 ""AVERAGE 
ESTIMATED MARKET VALUE: 
$67,690 
ESTIMATED REPLACEMENT COST.  
$98,034 
YEAR/MAKE/MODEL OF VESSEL• 
2015 ZODIAC PRO 750 
HULL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (HIN): 
FR 
STATE VALIDATION STICKER NUMBER: 
VI 7054-TC 
PLACE OF SURVEY• 
COMPASS POINT MARINA, ST. THOMAS, USVI 
DATE/TIME OF SURVEY: 
July 02, 2018 
HULL MATERIAL• 
FRP Hull with Hypalon Neoprene Buoyancy Tubes. 
HULL TYPE• 
 DEEP VEE PLANING. 
LENGTH OVER ALL (L.O.A)..:  
24' 7" 
BEAM• 
 V 6" 
DRAFT:  
 1' 6" 
DISPLACEMENT• 
1896 LBS. 
PROPULSION SYSTEM• 
SINGLE OUTBOARD 
FUEL TYPE• 
 Gasoline. 
FUEL CAPACITY: 
Gallons Reported. 
DC POWER:  
Yes, 12 volt. 
INTENDED USE/BUYER• 
Recreational near coastal cruising. 
INTENDED CRUISING AREA: 
Near Coastal Virgin Islands. 
INTENDED USE• 
Near Coastal Recreational Cruising. 
DEFINITION OF TERMS 
The terms and words used in this report have the following meanings as used in this Report of survey: 
APPEARS: 
Indicates that a very close inspection of the particular system, component or item was not possible due to constraints imposed 
upon the surveyor(e.g. no power available, inability to remove panels, or requirements not to conduct destructive tests). 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 2 of 15 
EFTA00811116
--- PAGE 6 ---
II. GENERAL INFORMATION 
DEFINITION OF TERMS:(continued) 
FIT FOR INTENDED USE: 
Use which is intended by Survey Purchaser(present or prospective owner). 
SERVICEABLE: ADEQUATE: 
Sufficient for a specific requirement. 
POWERS UP: 
Power was applied only. This does not refer to the operation of any system or component unless specifically 
indicated. 
EXCELLENT CONDITION: 
New or like new. 
GOOD CONDITION: 
Nearly new, with only minor cosmetic or structural discrepancies noted. 
FAIR CONDITION: 
Denotes that system, component or item is functional as is with minor repairs. (MONITOR OFTEN) 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 3 of 15 
EFTA00811117
--- PAGE 7 ---
II. GENERAL INFORMATION 
DEFINITION OF TERMS:(continued) 
POOR CONDITION: 
Unusable as is. Requires repairs or replacement of system, component or item to be considered functional. 
USE OF *: 
Use of * in the body of this report will indicate that a finding will be listed in the "Findings and 
Recommendations" section pertaining to the * item. 
Asterisks * in this General Information section refers to the source of such information as follows: 
* Per Manufacturer's Specifications 
**Refer to Summary and Valuation Section 
*** Per USCG Documentation 
**** Per Buc Book 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 4 of 15 
EFTA00811118
--- PAGE 8 ---
III. SYSTEMS 
HULL DECK AND SUPERSTRUCTURE 
HULL CONSTRUCTION 
TYPE: Deep Vee Planing. 
MATERIAL: FRP with Hypalon Neoprene Buoyancy Tubes. 
STRINGERS: Hull stiffness provided by FRP longitudinal stringers. Complete inspection not possible due to limited access. 
Appears serviceable where observed. 
TRANSOM: FRP with Integral Engine Mount. 
BILGE: Deep (below decks) bilge area provides the area for most boat systems and tankage. Generally clean. 
CHAIN LOCKER (DRAINAGE): Drains overboard. 
LIMBER HOLES: Limber holes are of adequate size and clear where sighted. 
DECK CONSTRUCTION 
TYPE: Molded FRP (fiber reinforced plastic) with blue gelcoat and non-skid surface. 
OTHER: Hypalon Tubes appear to be in good condition and holding air pressure. 
ADDITIONAL EQUIPMENT AND ACCESSORIES 
CANVAS AND COVERS: The Bimini Top shows some staining. Appears serviceable. 
BIMINI TOP 
FENDERS: Adequate and serviceable. 
DOCK LINES: Adequate and serviceable. 
FISHING EQUIPMENT 
ROD HOLDERS: Rod holders mounted to the leaning post are serviceable. 
PROPULSION 
MAIN ENGINES 
TYPE: Four Stroke Outboard. 
MANUFACTURER: Yamaha 
SERIAL NUMBERS:6CE X 1045918 X 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 5 of 15 
EFTA00811119
--- PAGE 9 ---
III. SYSTEMS 
PROPULSION 
MAIN ENGINES (continued) 
LABELS AND NOTICES: The engine is new and all required labels appeared to be in place and readable. 
HORSE POWER: 300 HP 
INDICATED HOURS:20 Hrs. Reported. 
THROTTLE CONTROLS: Electronic by Yamaha. 
* ENGINE MOUNTS AND BED: [B1] The engine is well mounted to the transom. The wood spacer between the engine and transom 
is rotted. 
ROTTED WOOD SPACER 
ENGINE SHUT DOWN: Emergency kill switch located at the helm is operable. 
FUEL SYSTEM 
MAIN ENGINE(S) FUEL SYSTEM 
FUEL TYPE: Gasoline. 
MATERIAL: Plastic. 
TANKS CAPACITY: 79 Gallons Reported. 
SECURED: Yes, Metal straps with chafe protection. Appears serviceable. 
LOCATION: Below deck mid-ship. 
MANUFACTURING LABEL: None Sighted Due To Access. 
FILL PIPE LOCATIONS: Under a deck hatch forward to port. 
FILL PIPE GROUNDED: Not sighted due to access. 
FILL PIPE MATERIAL: Type B1 USCG approved hose. Appears serviceable. 
FILL PIPE FITTINGS: Fill deck fitting clearly marked as to fuel type: Yes. 
HOSE CONNECTIONS, CLAMPS: Double clamped where sighted, grade USCG type Al. Appears serviceable. 
FUEL LINES AND FITTINGS:Grade USCG type Al. Appears serviceable where sighted. 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 6 of 15 
EFTA00811120
--- PAGE 10 ---
III. SYSTEMS 
ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS 
ELECTRICAL SYSTEM (DC SYSTEM) 
VOLTAGE: Lead acid battery powered 12 volt system. 
BANKS: Two banks of one battery each. 
MAIN BATTERY SWITCHES:Located in aft Lazarette area. 
TYPE CONNECTORS: Round Lugs: Captive type, where sighted. Condition: Appears serviceable. 
ROUTING/SUPPORT: Well supported and secured where sighted. 
CHARGING SYSTEM:Alternator on main engine. Appears serviceable. 
OUTLETS: 12 Volt outlets were sighted in the helm station and was of cigarette socket type. Appeared serviceable. 
STEERING SYSTEM 
STEERING SYSTEM 
TYPE: Hydraulic by Seastar. Operates normally. 
LINES AND FITTINGS: Reinforced flexible hose, with metallic fittings. Appears serviceable. 
ELECTRONICS AND NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 
ELECTRONICS AND NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 
VHF: None sighted. 
OTHER: Yamaha factory multi function display. Powers up. 
SAFETY EQUIPMENT 
SAFETY EQUIPMENT (UNITED STATES COAST GUARD) 
NUMBER AND TYPE OF PFD'S:Three Type II USCG approved PFD's. 
NUMBER OF THROWABLE PFD'S:One (1) Type IV-U.S.C.G. approved throwable device. 
* FIRE EXTINGUISHERSIA1] None sighted. 
* VISUAL DISTRESS SIGNALS:(A2] None sighted. 
* SOUND DEVICES: [A3] None Sighted. 
OUT OF WATER INSPECTION 
BELOW WATERLINE MACHINERY 
PROPELLER(S): One Stainless Steel, Three Blade, Stamped 19-T, 15 1/4. Good condition. 
2INCS: Engine mounted Zinc appears serviceable. 
CONDITION OF HULL (WETTED SURFACE) 
BLISTERS: None Sighted. 
* CONDITION OF BOTTOM PAINT:(B2] Most of the bottom is well painted, there are areas of wear. 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 7 of 15 
EFTA00811121
--- PAGE 11 ---
III. SYSTEMS 
OUT OF WATER INSPECTION 
CONDITION OF HULL (WETTED SURFACE)(continued) 
* CONDITION OF BOTTOM PAINT: (continued) 
BOTTOM PAINT WEAR 
' OTHER: [B3] There is a gouge in the port forward area that shows signs of water intrusion. 
HULL GOUGE 
SEATRIAL REPORT 
INTRODUCTION 
INTRODUCTION: The ZODIAC was operated from the slip at Compass Point Marina and back, between the hours of 0900 to 
1030 on 02 JULY 2018. The vessel was operated by the potential Captain. 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 8 of 15 
EFTA00811122
--- PAGE 12 ---
III. SYSTEMS 
SEATRIAL REPORT 
OBSERVATIONS 
OBSERVATIONS: 1. 
The engines started without excessive cranking. 
2. 
The engine exhaust appeared normal. 
3. 
The cooling water appeared adequate and normal. 
/8 4. 
The engine instruments operate within normal operating limits at idle, cruising speed, and maximum throttle. 
5. Engines reached 5200 RPM at full throttle. 
la 6. 
The steering system operated normally. 
M 7. 
The throttles operated normally. 
M 8. 
The transmissions operated normally/smoothly. 
/8 9. 
The back down test was satisfactory. 
10. 
There were no excessive vibrations noted. 
PERFORMANCE DATA 
HEADLINE WORDS: CRUISE: 29.3 KTS @ 4700 RPM. MAX: 41.6 KTS @ 5200 RPM. 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 9 of 15 
EFTA00811123
--- PAGE 13 ---
IV. FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS 
Deficiencies noted under "SAFETY" should be addressed before vessel is next underway. These findings represent an endangerment 
to personnel and/or the vessel's safe and proper operating condition. Findings may also be in violation of U.S.C.G. regulations. 
la Deficiencies noted under "OTHER DEFICIENCIES" should be corrected in the near future so as to maintain standards and to help 
the vessel to retain it's value. 
Deficiencies will be listed under the appropriate heading: 
A. 
SAFETY DEFICIENCIES 
B. 
OTHER DEFICIENCIES NEEDING ATTENTION 
C. 
SURVEYORS NOTES AND OBSERVATIONS 
A. SAFETY DEFICIENCIES: 
FINDINGS 
A.1 (PAGE 7) FIRE EXTINGUISHERS: 
RECOMMENDATIONS 
No fire extinguishers sighted onboard this vessel 
Comply with USCG Safety Regulations. 
A.2 (PAGE 7) VISUAL DISTRESS SIGNALS: 
Day/night visual distress signals not sighted. 
Comply with USCG regulations for Visual Distress Signals. 
A.3 (PAGE 7) SOUND DEVICES: 
No sound device onboard. 
Comply with USCG regulations for Sound Devices. 
B. OTHER DEFICIENCIES NEEDING ATTENTION: 
FINDINGS 
B.1 (PAGE 6) ENGINE MOUNTS AND BED: 
RECOMMENDATIONS 
The wood spacer between the engine and transom is 
rotted. 
Investigate further and repair or renew as necessary. 
B.2 (PAGE 7) CONDITION OF BOTTOM PAINT: 
Host of the bottom is well painted, there are areas of wear. 
B.3 (PAGE 8) OTHER: 
Investigate further and repair or renew as necessary. 
There is a gouge in the port forward area that shows signs of 
water intrusion. 
Investigate further. Repair or replace as necessary. Full service 
by an expert. 
NOTE: If cruising more than 25 nautical miles offshore it is also recommended that a USCG approved self-inflating life raft be 
fitted to the vessel. And a first aid kit and small manual watermaker be added to the ships safety gear. 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 10 of 15 
EFTA00811124
--- PAGE 14 ---
V. SUMMARY AND VALUATION 
STATEMENT OF OVERALL VESSEL RATING OF CONDITION: 
It is the surveyor's experience that develops an opinion of the OVERALL VESSEL RATING OF CONDITION After a the survey has been 
completed and the findings have been organized in a logical manner. 
la The grading of condition, developed by BUC RESEARCH, and accepted in the marine industry, for a vessel at the time of survey, 
determines the adjustment to the range of base values in the BUC USED BOAT PRICE GUIDE, for a similar vessel sold within a given 
time period, as a consideration to determine the Market Value. 
al The following is the accepted marine grading system of condition: 
M "EXCELLENT (BRISTOL) CONDITION", is a vessel that is maintained in mint or bristol fashion - usually better than factory new -
loaded with extras - a rarity. 
ta "ABOVE AVERAGE CONDITION", has had above average care and is equipped with extra electrical and electronic gear. 
fa 
fa "AVERAGE CONDITION", ready for sale requiring no additional work and normally equipped for her size. 
fa 
fa "FAIR CONDITION", requires usual maintenance to prepare for sale. 
fa 
fa "POOR CONDITION", substantial yard work required and devoid of extras. 
fa 
fa "RESTORABLE CONDITION", enough of hull and engine exists to restore the boat to usable condition. 
ra 0 
fa As a result of my investigation, as shown in the SYSTEMS AND FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS section of this REPORT OF 
SURVEY, and by virtue of my experience, my opinion is 
OVERALL VESSEL RATING: 
AVERAGE 
STATEMENT OF VALUATION: 
1. The "FAIR MARKET VALUE" is the most probable price in terms of money which a vessel should bring in a competitive and open 
market under all conditions requisite to a fair sale, the buyer and seller, each acting prudently, knowledgeably and assuming the 
price is not affected by undue stimulus. 
la Implicit in this definition is the consummation of a sale as of a specified date and the passing of title from seller to buyer under 
conditions whereby: 
al a. Buyer and seller are typically motivated. 
ta 
al b. Both parties are well informed or well advised, and each acting in what they consider their own best interest. 
ta 
c. A reasonable time is allowed for exposure in the open market. 
d. Payment is made in terms of cash in U.S. dollars or in terms of financial arrangements comparable thereto; and 
e. The price represents a normal consideration for the vessel sold unaffected by special or creative financing or sales 
concessions granted by anyone associated with the sale. 
M 
Et Therefore, after consideration of the reliability of the data, the extent of the necessary adjustments and condition of the vessel, 
it is your surveyor's opinion that the "FAIR MARKET VALUE" of the subject vessel is: 
$67,690 
Sixty Seven Thousand Six Hundred Ninety Dollars 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 11 of 15 
EFTA00811125
--- PAGE 15 ---
V. SUMMARY AND VALUATION 
2. The "ESTIMATED REPLACEMENT COST" indicates the retail cost of a new vessel of the same make/model with similar equipment 
offered by the same manufacturer. "ESTIMATED REPLACEMENT COST" of the subject vessel is: 
$98,034 
Ninety Eight Thousand Thirty Four Dollars 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 12 of 15 
EFTA00811126
--- PAGE 16 ---
V. SUMMARY AND VALUATION 
SUMMARY: 
in accordance with the request for a marine survey of the ZODIAC, for the purpose of evaluating its present condition and 
estimating its Fair Market Value and Replacement Cost, I herewith submit my conclusion based on the preceding report. The 
subject vessel was personally inspected by the undersigned on 02 JULY 2018 and was found to be a well constructed, appointed 
and comfortable vessel. Subject to correction of deficiencies listed in section IV A. (Safety), the vessel is considered to be suitable 
for its intended use. Other deficiencies list should be attended to in a timely fashion. 
SURVEYOR'S CERTIFICATION: 
I certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 
The statements of fact contained in this report are true and correct. 
The reported analyses, opinions, and conclusions are limited only by the reported assumptions and limiting conditions, and are 
my personal, unbiased professional analyses, opinions, and conclusions. 
M I have no present or prospective interest in the vessel that is the subject of this report, and I have no personal interest or bias 
with respect to the parties involved. 
M My compensation is not contingent upon the reporting of a predetermined value or direction in value or direction in value that 
favors the cause of the client, the amount of the value estimate, the attainment of a stipulate result, or the occurrence of a 
subsequent event. 
I have made a personal inspection of the vessel that is the subject of this report. 
®0 
This report is submitted without prejudice and for the benefit of whom it may concern. 
ATTENDING SURVEYOR: 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 13 of 15 
EFTA00811127
--- PAGE 17 ---
VI. PHOTOGRAPHS 
BATTERIES 
ENG SER NUMBER 
BILGE AREA 
ENGINE 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 14 of 15 
EFTA00811128
--- PAGE 18 ---
VI. PHOTOGRAPHS 
HIN 
MODEL 
SERI. • 
ts MI bar Milegerik
: 
1. II • ■ 
III 
MN kg [aid 
I 
* 
a 
mo
w. 
CONFORM A 
Conlwormto TIP 
la 
C 
=tar. "1 a. 
VESSEL DATA PLATE 
MULTIFUNCTION DISPLAY 
ZODIAC surveyed by Albano Marine Survey - St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Page 15 of 15 
EFTA00811129

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811130.pdf
----------------------------------------
PeRKINSCOle 
March 22, 2018 
TO: 
The Zerocoin Electric Coin Company 
FROM: 
Bryan Smith 
RE: 
Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences Applicable to Retention and 
Distribution of Zcash 
This memorandum discusses certain federal income tax consequences applicable to The 
Zerocoin Electric Coin Company ("ZECC") and its members with respect to the retention and 
distribution of Zcash, as defined below. 
1. Background 
We understand the facts to be as follows. ZECC was formed on November 13, 2014, 
with the purpose of developing an open-source, decentralized software protocol that produces 
and defines the rights to a virtual currency referred to as Zcash. The platform created by ZECC 
allows owners of Zcash to engage in transactions with Zcash such that the details of the 
transaction (monetary amounts, transaction metadata, and counterparty identifiers) are not 
disclosed to all parties via the Zcash blockchain, but can still be disclosed to selected third 
parties. Zcash is also more fungible than other virtual currencies, as Zcash coins may be 
unlinked from their history on the Zcash blockchain. ZECC developed a working Zcash 
prototype during 2015, deployed and announced the prototype on January 20, 2016, and 
launched the Zcash protocol and blockchain on October 28, 2016 (the "Launch Date"). Since the 
Launch Date, ZECC has monitored the Zcash blockchain, and it regularly releases protocol 
upgrades, security fixes, and usability improvements. However, ZECC does not engage in any 
activities related to verifying transactions or maintaining the blockchain, nor does it devote any 
computing or other resources to "mining" activities.' Moreover, following the Launch Date, 
ZECC does not exercise control over the Zcash protocol or blockchain. Rather, similar to 
Bitcoin, any changes to the protocol must be adopted by the Zcash users. 
ZECC's protocol established 21 million Zcash virtual currency units, which are "mined" 
or "unlocked" over time, similar to the manner in which Bitcoin is mined. Of those total units, 
10% ultimately will be retained by ZECC as the "Founders Reward." Half of all Zcash will be 
mined in the first four years following the Launch Date (the "First Halving"), and the entire 
Founders Reward will be retained by ZECC during this time. Accordingly, whenever a new 
valid block is mined between the Launch Date and the First Halving, the block is split between 
the "Miners Reward" (80%), which is received by the miner, and the Founders Reward (20%), 
which is retained by ZECC. While each miner choses his or her own address for receipt of 
mined Zcash, the Founders Reward is automatically assigned to a ZECC address pursuant to the 
I Accordingly, ZECC is not engaged in any "mining" activities, as that term is generally understood in the context of 
virtual currencies. See Notice 2014-21, 2014-16 1.R.B. 938, Q/A-8 (April 14, 2014). 
Ptfkris Coe LLP 
139063133.3 
EFTA00811130
--- PAGE 2 ---
Zcash protocol in the source code. ZECC is not required to perform any services or take any 
other action in order to retain the Founders Reward. After the First Halving, 100% of any mined 
Zcash will go to the miner. 
ZECC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The rights and 
responsibilities of ZECC's members (the "Members") are governed by ZECC's Fifth Amended 
Limited Liability Company Agreement (the "Operating Agreement"). The Members own either 
common units, which are held by ZECC's founders, employees, and advisors, or preferred units, 
which were issued to investors through two rounds of funding in 2016. 
The Operating Agreement describes the Founders Reward, providing that, of the twenty-
one (21) million units of Zcash to be created by ZECC, ten percent (10%), or 2.1 million Zcash 
units, shall be "retained" for the benefit of ZECC for distribution to ZECC's Members. Under 
the Operating Agreement, a portion of the Founders Reward will be distributed to the Members 
in proportion to the number of units held by each Member. Prior to the Launch Date, ZECC 
issued a report identifying the number of Zcash units of the Founders Reward to be distributed to 
each Member based on that Member's ownership percentage in ZECC. Of the total Founders 
Reward of 10%, ZECC's common Members will collectively receive 5.72%, the preferred 
Members will receive 1.65%, ZECC will retain 1.19% for use in its operations, and the Zcash 
Foundation (a nonprofit created to further the interests of Zcash) will receive 1.44%. While the 
Founders Reward will be unlocked to ZECC over the four-year period following the Launch 
Date, in accordance with the terms of the Operating Agreement, the Members holding preferred 
units were distributed their entire share of the Founders Reward during the first year following 
the Launch Date. 
Similar to Bitcoin and other virtual currencies, Zcash may be purchased and sold on 
various virtual currency exchanges (e.g., Bitfinex). However, Zcash is not traded on any 
regulated securities or commodities exchange. 
2. Issues 
This memorandum addresses two federal income tax issues that are relevant to ZECC and 
its Members: 
(a) Whether ZECC realizes gross income with respect to its retention of the Founders 
Reward? 
(b) Whether distributions by ZECC of Zcash result in recognition of gain by recipient 
members of ZECC by reason of Zcash being a "marketable security" as defined in 
Section 731(c) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code")? 
Perkm Coe LLP 
-2-
139063133.3 
EFTA00811131
--- PAGE 3 ---
3. Discussion 
(a) 
ZECC's Retention of the Founders Reward 
As an initial matter, ZECC, as a partnership for income tax purposes, is not subject to 
federal income tax. Rather, its income, loss and other tax items pass through to its Members, 
who are required to report their proportionate share of such income, loss and other items on their 
respective tax returns, without regard to whether any amounts are distributed to them by ZECC. 
Accordingly, the treatment of ZECC's retention of the Founders Reward has a direct impact on 
ZECC's Members. 
With respect to ZECC's retention of the Founders Reward, as with many issues relating 
to the treatment of virtual currency transactions for tax purposes, there is no clear authority on 
point? In particular, no authorities specifically address whether a creator of virtual currency may 
recognize income with respect to the retention or receipt of the virtual currency as it is mined by 
others pursuant to an automatic protocol established by the creator (a structure that is unique to 
the virtual currency world). Nevertheless, general tax principles relating to realization of 
income, as well as authorities involving analogous circumstances, provide substantial support for 
the position that ZECC should not realize gross income with respect to its retention of the 
Founders Reward. 
Under general federal tax principles, gross income is only realized to the extent the 
taxpayer has an accession to wealth. It is well established that the mere creation of valuable 
property does not result in the realization of gross income until the property has been disposed or 
otherwise exchanged for money or other property.3 Similarly, where an owner of property 
disposes of only part of the owner's interest in the property, the retention of a portion of the 
property generally does not constitute an accession to wealth!' Under the commonly used 
analogy of property constituting a "bundle of sticks,"5 neither the creation of the bundle nor 
retention of a portion of the bundle generally constitutes an accession to wealth. 
The foregoing analysis is consistent with authorities arising under analogous 
circumstances. First, in the context of natural resource mining, a taxpayer with an economic 
interest in un-mined resources does not realize income until the resources are sold or exchanged 
for consideration that sufficiently differs from the underlying investment.6 The mere extraction, 
production, refinement, or storage of minerals does not cause a taxpayer to realize income, 
because such actions do not sufficiently alter the taxpayer's interest in the underlying minerals.' 
The only authority regarding the treatment of virtual currency for federal tax purposes is set forth in IRS Notice 
2014-21, which does not address any of the issues set forth herein. 
Eisner v. Macomber, 252 U.S. 189 (1920). 
See, e.g., Rev. Rul. 77413, 1977.2 C.B. 298. 
s See Frank Lyon Co. v. United States, 536 F2d 746 (8th Cir. 1976), 
435 US 561 (1978). 
6Rev. Rul. 76.533, 1976-2 C.B. 189; see also Palmer v. Bender, 287 U.S. 551 (1933); Lynch v. Aiworib-Stephens, 
267 U.S. 364 (1925). 
Priv. Ltr. Rul. 88-12-055 (December 24, 1987). 
rtwkrsCoeLLP 
-3-
139063133.3 
EFTA00811132
--- PAGE 4 ---
The foregoing principles continue to apply where a property owner assigns an interest in mineral 
property, but retains an interest in the underlying minerals.
A second analogy may be drawn from authorities involving the sale and simultaneous 
retention of a leasehold or other possessory interest in real property. In such situations, the seller 
of real property has generally been treated as having reserved certain rights in the property it 
already held (resulting in no increase in the seller's amount realized upon sale), provided that the 
seller retains the benefits and burdens of ownership with respect to the retained interest.9 Other 
analogous situations involve (1) a donor's retention of an interest in donated property, where the 
amount of the donation is reduced by the value of the retained rights, and the donor does not 
realize gross income with respect to the retained interest; 1° (2) the retention of an interest in a 
business in connection with its sale, where the retention of the interest itself (as distinguished 
from the receipt of cash payments with respect to such interest) is not included in the seller's 
gross income; I and (3) the partition of jointly-held property into separate assets, where the 
receipt by each owner of their share of the partitioned property is not included in gross income.12
The foregoing authorities support the position that ZECC's retention of the Founders 
Reward is a mere retention of Zcash to which ZECC was already entitled to as the creator of the 
Zcash units. The Operating Agreement supports this characterization by referring to the 
"creation" and "retention" of Zcash by ZECC. ZECC's interest in the Zcash protocol (prior to 
the Launch Date) is analogous to an economic interest in natural resources, and ZECC's right to 
retain, via the Founders Reward, a portion of the Zcash it created may be viewed as similar to an 
interest in minerals retained by an economic owner. In context of virtual currency, the protocol's 
automatic issuance of Zcash to a ZECC address does not change ZECC's retained interest in the 
underlying property; the mining process merely changes the form of ZECC's ownership interest 
in its Zcash units (from an interest in "locked" units to "unlocked" units). If anything, ZECC has 
a much stronger claim that it does not realize gross income than a resource owner, because 
ZECC created the "resource" itself and willingly subjected it to being initially locked and 
unlocked over time. Similarly, ZECC's situation is comparable to other dispositions of property 
where the owner retains an interest in the property, whether pursuant to a sale/leaseback, 
donation of a partial interest, retention of an interest upon the sale of a business, or partition of 
jointly-owned property. Characterizing ZECC's retention of Zcash as the retention of an interest 
in an asset (as distinguished from the disposition of the entire asset and subsequent receipt of 
payments of income) is more consistent with both the form and substance of the arrangement. 
See Priv. Ltr. Rul. 90-23.017 (March 7, 1990). 
Kruesel v. United States, 63-2 USTC ¶ 9714 (D. Minn. 1963); Rev. Rul. 77-413. 1977-2 C.B. 298; Rev. Rul. 71-
567, 1971-2 C.B. 309; Priv. Ltr. Rul. 80-25-116 (Mar. 28, 1980). In some situations, courts have held taxpayers to 
the form of their transactions and treated the reserved rights as additional proceeds for the property. See &stores 
Realty Corp. v. Commissioner, 46 T.C. 363 (1966); Steinway & Sons v. Commissioner, 46 T.C. 375 (1966); Eller v. 
Commissioner, 77 T.C. 934 (1981); Giberson v. Commissioner, 44 
. 154 (CCH) 1982. 
m See, e.g., Rev. Rul. 2003-28, 2003.11 I.R.B. 194; Rev. Rul. 57.293, 1957-2 C.B. 153. 
"See, e.g., Nassau Suffolk Lumber & Supply Corp. v. Commissioner, 53 TC 280 (1969). 
See, e.g., Rev. Rul. 56-437, 1956.2 C.B. 537. 
FtrIcrisCoe LIP 
-4-
139063133.3 
EFTA00811133
--- PAGE 5 ---
While the foregoing authorities support the position that ZECC does not realize gross 
income with respect to its retention of the Founders Reward, the IRS or a court could disagree. 
The authorities cited above, while generally supportive of the desired position, are in contexts 
factually distinct from virtual currency (and, in particular, the establishment of a virtual currency 
protocol), and it is possible that the IRS would not apply such authorities to ZECC on the view 
that the nature of virtual currencies are distinguishable. To the extent the IRS successfully 
maintained such a position, the result could be the inclusion in gross income by ZECC of Zcash 
units derived (or deemed to have been derived) by ZECC. The lack of guidance with respect to 
the treatment of virtual currency transactions results in any position taken by ZECC with respect 
to its retention of Zcash units being somewhat uncertain. 
(b) 
Treatment of Distributions of Zcash 
As described in more detail above, the Members are entitled under the Operating 
Agreement to be distributed a portion of the Founders Reward. Generally, distributions of 
property by a partnership do not result in gain recognition by the partner receiving the 
distribution, except to the extent that the partner receives money in excess of the partner's basis 
in the partner's interest in the partnership.13 In certain circumstances, marketable securities, as 
that term is defined in Section 731(c) of the Code, are treated as if they were money for this 
purpose.14 For this purpose, the term "marketable securities" generally means financial 
instruments and foreign currencies which are actively traded,)  and "financial instruments" 
include stocks and other equity interests, evidences of indebtedness, options, forward or futures 
contracts, notional principal contracts, and derivatives.16 The issue with respect to distributions 
by ZECC of Zcash to its Members is whether such distributions could be treated as distributions 
of "marketable securities," which could result in gain recognition on the part of the recipient 
Members. 
Zcash should not constitute a marketable security within the meaning of Section 731(c) 
of the Code and, even if it were a marketable security for that purpose, its distribution to the 
Members should not result in gain recognition by them. Virtual currency does not fit within the 
list of traditional securities used to define "financial instruments," insofar is does not vest a 
holder with, for instance, an interest in a legal entity (equity), an unconditional right to be paid a 
fixed sum or the right to interest (indebtedness), or the right to buy or sell an asset in the future 
(forward or futures contracts). Rather, for U.S. federal tax purposes, Zcash and other virtual 
currencies are more likely to constitute commodities," rather than securities.18 Moreover, Zcash 
I.R.C. § 731(a)(1). 
I.R.C. § 731(cX1XA). 
I.R.C. § 731(cX2XA). Notably, the IRS has determined that virtual currencies are not considered to be foreign 
currencies for purposes of the Code. Notice 2014-21, Q/A-2. 
I.R.C. § 731(c)(2XC). 
Bitcoin constitutes a commodity for purposes of the broker reporting rules under Treasury Regulations Section 
1.6045-1(a)(5) (defining commodity to include any personal property the trading of regulated futures contracts in 
which has been approved by the CFTC, which occurred with respect to Bitcoin in December, 2017). Additionally, 
the IRS has stated that the term "commodity," for federal income tax purposes, is used "in its ordinary financial 
Peckns Coe LLP 
-5-
139063133.3 
EFTA00811134
--- PAGE 6 ---
should not be treated as "actively traded" within the meaning of the foregoing rules, which 
requires that there be an "established financial market" for the purported security.19 Applicable 
Treasury Regulations provide a non-exhaustive list of established financial markets, none of 
which should include the virtual currency exchanges on which Zcash is traded.20
In the unlikely event that Zcash constitutes a marketable security under the definition set 
forth above, that determination should nevertheless be of no consequence in this situation. 
Under an exception to the foregoing rules, the value of distributed marketable securities treated 
as money is reduced (but not below zero) to the extent the recipient partner receives their 
proportionate share of the partnership's appreciation with respect to securities of the type 
distributed.21 Thus, because the distributions of Zcash to the Members have been in accordance 
with their respective shares of the Founders Reward, as outlined in the Operating Agreement, the 
recipient Members should not recognize gain on these distributions even if Zcash were to be 
treated as a marketable security.22
4. Conclusions and Limitations 
While not free from doubt due to the inherently uncertain nature of applicable law as 
applied to virtual currency, we believe that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (a) substantial 
authority supports the position that ZECC does not realize gross income with respect to its 
retention of the Founders Reward, and (b) Members of ZECC should not recognize any gain 
upon receipt of distributions of Zcash by reason of Zcash constituting a "marketable security" 
within the meaning of Section 731(c) of the Code. 
This memorandum is based upon current law and the facts and assumptions set forth 
above. Changes in the law or the facts may adversely affect the conclusions reached in this 
memorandum. This memorandum is limited to the specific federal income tax matters discussed 
herein, and does not address the potential application of any other laws. This memorandum is 
solely for the use of ZECC and its Members. However, this memorandum does not address the 
individual circumstances of any particular Member, and each Member should seek advice from 
sense and includes all products that are traded in and listed on commodity exchanges located in the United States." 
Rev. Rul. 73.158, 1973.1 C.B. 337. 
For federal income tax purposes, to the extent that virtual currency is a commodity, it should not also constitute a 
"marketable security." See House Report No. 103.826, PL 103.465 r[c]commodities (other than precious metals) 
are not treated as marketable securities under the provision."). 
ig See Treas. Reg. § I.731-2(cX2) (adopting the definition of 
§ 1092(d)(1) and Treas. Reg. § 1.1092(d)-1(a)). 
2° Treas. Reg. §1.1092(d)-1(b)(I) (including markets such as a registered national securities exchange, interdealer 
markets under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, certain boards of trade designated by the CFTC, etc.). 
I.R.C. § 731(c)(3); Treas. Reg. § 1.731-2(bX2). 
n It seems likely that Zcash also would qualify for a different exception applicable to "securities" that are held for at 
least six months by the partnership before becoming marketable. Treas. Reg. § 1.73 1-2(d)(1Xiii). Zcash and the 
related protocol should be analogous to a patentable invention, where the holding period for the invention begins 
upon the creation of a working prototype (which in this case was more than 6 months prior to the Launch Date). See 
Allied Chemical Corp. v. United States, 17 AFTR 2d 316, 
1966). 
Rirkns Coe UY 
-6-
139063133.3 
EFTA00811135
--- PAGE 7 ---
their own tax advisor. We undertake no obligation to update this memorandum after the date 
hereof. 
RthnsCoe LIP 
-7-
139063133.3 
EFTA00811136

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811137.pdf
----------------------------------------
Aircraft S/N: 760750 
AIRCRAFT SPECIAL INSPECTION 
SECTION: 9 
PAGE: 3 
MAINTENANCE WORK 
PART NUMBER 
SERIAL NUMBER 
SIGNATURE 
ORGANIZATION 
DATE 
Main float bottle #1 UH 
Mfg date: 
Dec-2008 
Initial service date: 
Jan-2010 
Replacement date: tie yews) 
Jan-2020 
6-13269-1 
5852 
.
/441.,----
M. Wester, KHC OA 
11-Jan-2010 
Main float valve assy #1 UH 
Mfg date: 
Apr-2009 
76251-01103-102 
R09-506800 
"A 
M. Witter, KHC OA 
11-Jan-2010 
Float Valve Cartridge #1 UH 
Mfg date: 
Apr-2009 
Expiration date: (5Yearro) 
Apr-2014 
2978-0013-3 
5586 
• 
140r------
M. Wisler, KHC GA 
11-Jan-2010 
Main float #1 UH 
Mfg date: 
May-2009 
Inspected and packed: 
Jan-2010 
month repack due: 
Jan-2011 
76251-01102-109 
3028 
' 
, 
/e -al-e----
M. Wisler, KHC CA 
11-Jan-2010 
Main landing Gear explosive link cartridge #1 
Mfg date: 
Feb-2007 
Expiration date: (10 yea's) 
Feb-2017 
76251-00702-043 
AA11457 
' 
"ka(- 
M. Wisler, KHC OA 
11-Jan-2010 
Main float bottle #2 R/H 
Mfg date: 
Dec-2008 
Initial service date: 
Jan-2010 
Replacement date: (10 yows) 
Jan-2020 
6_13269.1 
5765 
- 
Arel---
M. Wisler, KHC OA 
11-Jan-2010 
Main float valve assy #2 R/H 
Mfg date: 
Apr-2009 
76251-01103-102 
R09-606778 
MOO' 
M. Wisler, KHC OA 
11-Jan-2010 
Float Valve Cartridge #2 R/H 
Mfg date: 
Feb-2009 
Expiration date: is years) 
Feb-2014 
2978-0013-3 
6054 
- 
/e a
,
M. Wisler, KHC GA 
11-Jan-2010 
Main float #2 R/H 
Mfg date: 
Apr-2009 
Inspected and packed: 
Jan-2010 
month repack due: 
Jan-2011 
76251-01102-110 
3008 
"Ifide---
M. Wisler. KHC DA 
11-Jan-2010 
Main landing Gear explosive link cartridge #2 
Mtg date: 
Feb-2007 
Expiration date: cloyeani 
Feb-2017 
76251-00702-043 
AA11518 
- 
ased' 
M Wisler, KHC OA 
11-Jan-2010 
KCC-FM-PD-06H 
EFTA00811137
--- PAGE 2 ---
Aircraft S/N: 760750 
AIRCRAFT SPECIAL INSPECTION 
SECTION: 9 
PAGE: 4 
MAINTENANCE WORK 
PART NUMBER 
SERIAL NUMBER 
SIGNATURE 
ORGANIZATION 
DATE 
Nose float bottle #1 L/H 
Mfg date: 
Dec-2008 
Initial service date: 
Jan-2010 
Replacement date: 410 years, 
Jan-2020 
8-13269-1 
5761 
v (gait 
R. Holey KHC QA 
11-Jan-2010 
Nose float valve assy #1 L/H 
Mfg date: 
Apr-2009 
76251-01103-102 
R09-506781 
R. Holey KI-IC QA 
/ 
11-Jan-2010 
Float Valve Cartridge #1 L/H 
Mfg date: 
Apr-2009 
Expiration date: is yen 
Apr-2014 
2978-0013-3 
6061 
../
. 
R. Holey KHC QA 
11-Jan-2010 
Nose float #1 L/H 
Mfg date: 
Sep-2008 
Inspected and packed: 
Jan-2010 
month repack due: 
Jan-2011 
76251-01101-104 
2452 
.. 
R. Holley KHC QA 
/ 
11-Jan-2010 
Nose float bottle #2 R/H 
Mfg date: 
Dee-2010 
Initial service date: 
Jan-2010 
Replacement date: gin .figIfYI 
Jan-2020 
B-13269.1 
5657 
/ 
R. Holey KHC CIA 
11-Jan-2010 
Nose float valve assy #2 R/H 
Mfg date: 
Apr-2009 
76251-01103-102 
R09-506798 
eg-ay 
R. Holley KHC OA 
11-Jan-2010 
Float Valve Cartridge #2 R/H 
Mfg date: 
Feb-2009 
Expiration date: is yarn 
Feb-2014 
2978-0013-3 
6070
11-Jan-2010 
R. Holley KHC QA 
Nose float #2 R/H 
Mfg date: 
Nov-2008 
Inspected and packed: 
Jan-2010 
month repack due: 
Jan-2011 
76251-01101-105 
2487 
/ 
ft Holley KHC OA 
11-Jan-2010 
KCC-FM-PD-06H 
EFTA00811138

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811139.pdf
----------------------------------------
GUlfStreanl
e
ovwwrrw• 
OPPIIPAINIV 
Induction Progress Billing 
500 Gulfstream Rd. - Savannah, Georgia 31407 
Mail Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
P.O. Box 730349 
Dallas. Texas 75373-0349 
Overnight Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (Box # 730349) 
cto JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
ATTN: Dallas National Wholesale Lockbox TXI-0029 
14800 Frye Road 
Wire Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
Chicago, IL 60670 
Account No. 10-15825 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 021 000 021 
S.W.1.F.T. CHASUS33 
Work Order: SC521661 
Plan D, LLC. 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas, 00802 
Virgin Islands US) 
Subject: Maintenance Visit, Gulfstream scheduled for: 
10/6/2017. 
G550 Serial Number: 5173 
Dear , 
Thank you very much for the opportunity to be of service to you on your aircraft. 
The enclosed Induction Progress Billing is submitted for service to be accomplished, on subject aircraft, in 
accordance with the current corporate policies. 
The Induction Progress Billing reflects the estimated amount of the current accepted work scope. 
Any changes or adjustments to the work scope will be reflected in subsequent progress billings. 
Should you have any questions or need additional information please let us know. 
Again, thank you very much for your business. 
Sincerely, 
Beth Simmons 
Service Center Coordinator 
Phone: 
CAC_WOInductionriugressBilling.rpt 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
Page 1 of 2 
Printed: 9/7/2017 1:03:10PM 
Refi 369 
EFTA00811139
--- PAGE 2 ---
Gulfstreame 
Induction Progress Billing 
ovnwraICM COMPANY 
500 Gulfstream Rd. - Savannah, Georgia 31407 
Mail Remittance To: 
Overnight Remittance To: 
Wire Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (Box # 730349) 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
P.O. Box 730349 
c/o JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
Dallas. Texas 75373-0349 
ATTN: Dallas National Wholesale Lockbox TXI-0029 
Chicago, IL 60670 
14800 Frye Road 
Account No. 10-15825 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 021 000 021 
SWIFT. CHASUS33 
Cum ID: BP502 
Progress Billing Date: 
0W07i2017 
Sold To: Plan D, LLC. 
Work Order Number: SC52166I 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
Aircraft Serial Number: 5173 
St. Thomas, 00802 
Virgin Islands US) 
S.C.C.: Beth Simmons 
In Date: 
10/6/2017 
Contact No.: 
Out Date: 
11/10/2017 
Bus. Office No.: 1-912-965-3568 
Internal Tracking No: SC52166I 
Reference Number: 5173-2017-5C5216611ND-BP502 
Please include this reference number with payment 
This Induction Progress Billing is submitted for service accomplished at the above facility. 
Estimated Amount USD: 
5342,500.00 
Amount Due Upon Induction USD: 
$342,500.00 
COMMUNICATIONS CONCERNING DISPUTED DEBTS, INCLUDING A CHECK OR OTHER INSTRUMENT TENDERED AS 
FULL SATISFACTION OF A DEBT, MUST BE FORWARDED TO: 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE, ATTN: CREDIT MANAGER, M/S B-05, PO BOX 2206, SAVANNAH, GA 31402 
Thank you for the opportunity to service your aircraft 
We look forward to working with you on future maintenance and service visits. 
For customers with available credit, and except as set forth below, payment terms are net 30 days from date of invoice. For 
work estimated to exceed $100,000, customer agrees to make progress payments on the following schedule: 50% of the 
estimated amount prior to commencement of work on the aircraft, and final payment of the remaining 50% 30 days from date 
of final invoice. Additional deposits may be required for long-lead or special-purchased parts, which are non-refundable 
should the visit be cancelled or work scope changed to eliminate those items. If any portion of an invoice is disputed, then 
customer shall nevertheless pay all undisputed amounts per this schedule. Gulfstream shall not be required to release 
customer's aircraft to depart if customer's total outstanding balance owed to the Gulfstream parties exceeds the lesser of 
5150,000 or customer's available credit limit. All sums past due bear interest at the lesser of 1.5% per month, or the 
maximum rate allowable by law, plus reimbursement for attorney fees and other costs of collection. For customers 
without available credit, including those without open credit terms (cash in advance, cash on delivery, etc.), progress 
payments will be required as outlined above with remaining outstanding balance payable at departure. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
CIAC_WOInductionriugrendillingzpi 
Printed: 9/7/2017 1:03:10PM 
Page 2 of 2 
Rell 369 
EFTA00811140

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811141.pdf
----------------------------------------
PRELIMINARY INVOICE 
IlfSfreani
t
DVNAMIC• COMININV 
500 Ciulfstream Rd. - Savannah, Georgia 31407 - 
Part/Model #: G550 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 5173 / N415L111 
Mail Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
Overnight Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (Box # 730349) 
do JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
ATTN: Dallas National Wholesale Lockbox TXI-0029 
14800 Frye Road 
Ft. Wash, TX 76155 
Wire Remittance To: 
Ciulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA 
Chicago, IL 60670 
Account No. 10-15825 
Fedwirc Routing No. (ABA) 021 000 021 
S.W.I.F.T. CHASUS33 
ACH Credit Routing No. (ABA)071 000 013 
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas. 00802 
Virgin Islands US) 
Title: Plan D, LLC. 
Invoice Number: 
Invoice Date: 
Customer ID: 
P.O. Number: 
Repair Station: 
In Date: 
Out Date: 
Payment Type: 
Payment Temis: 
5517132452 
12/12/2017 
BP502 
Lindsay' 
FAA CRS CRC:1216M 
10/23/2017 
03/09/2018 
CIA- Wire 
INVOICE SUMMARY FOR WORK ORDER NUMBER: 
SC521661 
Time & Materials 
Flat Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
$42,049.78 
$693,548.16 
$735,597.94 
Parts USD: 
$66,949.00 
$674,209.00 
$741,158.00 
Services USD: 
$2,384.17 
$497,215.90 
$499,600.07 
Misc Charges USD: 
425,000.00 
425,000.00 
Detail Subtotal USD: 
$86,382.95 
51,864,973.06 
S1,951,356.01 
Subtotal USD: 
$1,951,356.01 
Funds on Deposit USD: 
$392,500.00 
Total USD: 
S1,558,856.01 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page I of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811141
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Quotation ID: 7037536 Quote Number:GAC0717-7536-6550-5173-R00 
Complete Exterior Strip And Paint, Photographic Documentation 
Quotation ID: 7038248 Quote Number:GAC0417-5199-6550-5173-R02 
G550 Ka Band Installation 
Quotation ID: 7039407 Quote Number:GAC1017-9407-6550-5173-R00 
Reveneer Woodwork 
Quotation ID: 7039702 
Quotation ID: 7038565 Quote NumberGAC0917-8565-6550-5173-R00 
Generic Avionics - Entertaimnent 
Aircraft 5173: Arrival 10.20.2017 - Departure 01.26.2018 
Paint Dates: Induct 12/4/17 (to strip hangar) - Return to SC 12/24/17 
Contract # if provided 
Corporate Care - 
Yes 
MSP - 
No 
MPP - 
Yes 4400-84746 
HAPP - 
Yes 4400-82081 
PlaneParts - 
No 
MedAire - 
No 
JSSI - 
No 
CASP - 
No 
ESP- 
Yes/No 
EASA - 
Yes/No 
Isle of Man 
Yes/No 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
*Note to Expeditors - If Yes/ No are both present please contact SCC ancVor relevant vendor to determine warranty coverage. 
Larry Visoski 
Plan D LLC. 
e: Ivjet@aol.com 
o: 561.328.7963 
m: 917.868.6145 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 2 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811142
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Item: 1 
Airframe Culfstream C550 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model #: 6550 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 5173 / N415LM 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 1.17 
Consumables & Shop Supplies 
Resolution: For billing purposes only. 
Parts USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
$5,000.00 
Total USD: 
$5,000.00 
Discrepancy: 1.27 
Resolution: 
Sales Concession 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Misc Charges USD: 
Time and Material 
-525.000.00 
Total USD: 
-525.000.00 
Miscellaneous Charge: 
Ref. No. 
Miscellaneous Charge 
Amount USD 
1.27 #1 
Sales Concession 
-$25,000.00 
Discrepancy: 1.28 
Resolution: 
Item written to invoice labor and materials not covered by Rolls Royce Corporate Care Contract 
Billing Method 
I lours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
Total USD: 
$2,255.16 
$45.00 
52.300.16 
Item: 2 
ENGINE BR700-710C4-11 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model 11: BR700-710C4-II 
S/N: 15-149 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 3 
ENGINE BR700-710C4-11 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: BR700-710C4-11 
SIN: 15448 
TSN/TSO: 
CSNJCSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 5 
Technical Bulletins (ASC, CB, SB, AD, ACB) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 5173 / HANGARA 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 3 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811143
--- PAGE 4 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 5.2 
CMP G550 970531 ASC 53A Communications Management Function ARINC Direct - Datalink Service Provider 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 970531 ASC 53A Communications Management Function ARINC Direct - Datalink 
Service Provider. 
Gray Disk: 
PN OFF: N212JE OxAICIBD 28NOV2017 
SN OFF: ASC065-123 
PN ON: N212JE OxAICIBD 02MAR2018 
SN ON: ASC053-065-123 
Orange Disk: 
PN OFF: 69001791-505 
SN OFF: CDC 04JUL2017 
PN ON: 69003236-502 
SN ON: ARINC DIRECT 25JAN2018 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
51,500.00 
Total USD: 
51,500.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
5.281 
ASC053A-1 G5SP 
KIT, COMMUNICATIONS 
51,500.00 
51,500.00 
MANAGEMENT FUNCTION ARINC 
DIRECT, DATA LINK SERVICE 
PROVIDER, 5001-9999 
As Ionics 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model /I: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 63 
Flight Guidance Panel backlighting does not illuminate for night ops. 
Confirm IIAAP Covered Item 
Resolution: Summary: 
Removed flight guidance panel (pn: 7021852-901 sn: 06030509) and replaced with repaired flight guidance panel (pn: 
7021852-901 sn: 08080720) and performed Autopilot operational check with no defects noted. All work done ref CHIP 
G550 221002 item 11.10 and 6550 CMP 22100 item 11.8. See steps below for work performed. 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.00 
(a 
$146.00 
$584.00 
Pans USD: 
No Charge 
WC 
Total USD: 
$584.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
#1 
7021852-901 
CONTROLLER, GUIDANCE PANEL 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Step: 63.1 
Completed 
Removed flight guidance panel (pn: 7021852-901 sn: 06030509) and replaced with 
repaired flight guidance panel (pn: 7021852-901 sn: 08080720) with no defects noted. All 
work done per 6550 CMP 221001. Ref item 11.8 for CMP R&I. 
Step: 63.2 
Completed 
Performed Autopilot operational check n ith no defects noted. All work done ref CMP 
6550 221002 item 11.10. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 4 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811144
--- PAGE 5 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 6.4 
DU #4 loop. Swapped with DU #3 and problem followed. 
Resolution: Removed defective DU and replaced with modified DU (pn: 7028140-905 sn: 09125363) and performed operational check 
with no defects noted. All work done per G550 CMP 316024 and CMP 316030. Ref items 11.7 and 11.9. 
Billing Method 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
Pans USD: 
No Charge 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
ST 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
3.51 
@ 
$146.00 
$512.46 
N/C 
$512.46 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.4 NI 
7028140-905 
DISPLAY UNIT, FLAT PANEL 
$0.00 
50.00 
(DU-I3I0) 
Discrepancy: 6.5 
Customer request to update RAAS settings. 
Resolution: Updated RAAS settings IANV CMP G550 319025 Gulfstream, Setting / Rigging Software (Grey Disk) Ref. 11.148 
PN OFF: N212JE OxAIC1BD 28NOV2017 
SN OFF: ASC065-123 
PN ON: N212JE 0xAICIBD 02MAR2018 
SN ON: ASC053-065-123 
Labor USD: 
Services USD: 
Total USD: 
Step: 6.5.1 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
Flat Rate 
Completed 
Created one Settings and Riggings per GER 5767 
$438.00 
$762.00 
$1,200.00 
Discrepancy: 6.6 
Customer requests to update the airshow 4000 aircraft photo with the new blue paint scheme and to add the 
company logo. Logo to be provided by the customer. 
Ref item 20.1.16 
Resolution: Updated the airshow 4000 aircraft photo with the new blue paint scheme and to add the company logo. as requested by 
customer. 
Ref. Item 20.1.16 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
foul 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$3,894.00 
Total USD: 
$3,894.00 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.6#I 
925940-4794-4V2 
AIRSHOW SOFTWARE 
I 
$3,894.00 
$3,894.00 
Discrepancy: 6.7 
Ft/II wing static wicks MEGG out of tolerance. 
Resolution: Replaced all 3 Rai wing static wicks po: 2-16SC-I. Performed functional check with no defects. All maintenance 
performed using G550 AMM 23-61-01 Oct 30/ 08. 
Megger CN: 557026 Date Due: 02/18 
DLRO CN: 560572 Date Due: 02/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoiccrpt v3 
Page 5 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811145
--- PAGE 6 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$168.75 
Total USD: 
$168.75 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.7 #1 
2-16SC-I 
DISCHARGER. STATIC WICK 
556.25 
$168.75 
Discrepancy: 6.8 
Left Spoiler Position Transducer has a broken backshell. 
Resolution: Summary: 
Replaced Left Spoiler Position Transducer Backshell. Rang out wires with no defects noted. All maintenance performed 
using WDM 6550 27-60-00 June 20113. 
Performed LH Spoiler RVDT functional check with no defects noted. All maintenance performed using 6550 AMM 
27-65-00 Dated November 15/ 17. 
See steps below for more detail. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.90 
@ 
$146.00 
$861.40 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
5329.22 
Total USD: 
$1,190.62 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
6.8#1 
6.8 #2 
Step: 6.8.1 
Step: 6.8.2 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
447HW151XNI0902 
BACKSHELL 
I 
$323.22 
$323.22 
N181969/14-01 
INSERTION/EXTRACTION TOOL, 
GREEN 
$1.20 
$6.00 
Completed 
Replaced Left Spoiler Position Transducer Backshell. Rang out wires with no defects 
noted. All maintenance performed using WDM 6550 27-60-00 June 20113. 
Completed 
Performed LH Spoiler RVDT functional check with no defects noted. All maintenance 
performed using 6550 AMM 2745-00 Dated November 15/ 17. 
Discrepancy: 6.9 
Ops check knee panel camera for new radome installation 
Resolution: Performed operational check of top camera with no defects noted. All work done per 6C515050250 Rev -. 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.00 
® 
$146.00 
$146.00 
Total USD: 
$146.00 
Discrepancy: 6.11 
Resolution: 
Cabin Upwash will not dim from AFT VIP seat or AFT galley switch panels 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$2,336.00 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$90532 
Total USD: 
$3,24132 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.11 #1 
AL-2024 
MODULE, DIMMER 
I 
$90532 
$90532 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 6 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
Pit kW 
EFTA00811146
--- PAGE 7 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 6.11.1 
Step: 6.11.2 
Step: 6.11.3 
Completed 
Removed entry way carpet and padding. Gained access to AFT upper dim module 
581PS3 and disconnected connector 581PS3P1. Disconnected FWD Upper DIM Module 
connector 581PS1 PI and swapped dim modules connectors. Performed operational 
check and FM 1) and AFT Upper Lights would not dim. Returned dim modules 
connectors to original configuration. Performed operational check and only AFT upper 
lights would not dim. Disconnected connector 581PS3P1 and Checked for 28VDC on 
connector 581PS3P1 pin I with no defects noted. Checked pin 2 for ground with no 
defects noted. Reconnected connector 581PS3P1. All work done per (350 DWG 
(;C515810316 Rev -. 
Wailing 
Reinstall entry way carpet and padding (Interior 
Vest/Crewrest 108-101)) 
approval 
(LIP) 
Completed 
Connected DIAG 3000 to aircraft connector port in REER and checked switching 
function of LM AFT VIP switch panel and galley switch panel with no defects noted. 
Removed 3 connectors from CMMI and 031312 and swapped ( :M NI's and performed 
operational check with AFT Upper cabin wash still unable to dim. Returned aircraft to 
original configuration. Performed operational check and AFT Upper cabin wash was 
still unable to dim. Checked power at AFT Upper Dim Module and Output voltage was 
either at 27VDC when up wash light on or OVDC with up wash lights off. Output 
voltage will not adjust when trying to dim lighting. All work done per 6550 DWG 
GC515810316 Rev -. 
Item: 7 
Interior 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model 11: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 7.9 
Galley Microwave retainer block cracked. 
Resolution: Replaced, cracked galley Microwave retainer block, with new CSN1344001014-101 STOP, per GPM308001581-301 Rev 
A. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$35.63 
Total USD: 
$35.63 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
7.9 NI 
GSNI344001014-101 
STOP 
535.63 
535.63 
Discrepancy: 7.13 
Grosspoint material behind LH #1 and RH kl table boxes needs to be resecured. 
Resolution: Resecured grosspoint behind table boxes .Per CCS1136 Rev K. 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.25 
@ 
S146.00 
5474.50 
Total USD: 
5474.50 
Discrepancy: 7.14 
Acoustic door bearing are worn and noisy 
Resolution: Removed existing bearings from acoustic door (4 EACH). Received Ok to install and installed 4 new bearings on acoustic 
door p/n: SUPER S-OPN-DD. 
Work done per CP521400001 REV. C. 
Labor USD: 
Pans USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Taal 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.00 
® 
5146.00 
5292.00 
$216.52 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
liAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 7 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811147
--- PAGE 8 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Total USD: 
WO #: SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
$508.52 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity  
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
7.14 #1 
SUPER 8-OPN-DD 
BEARING, LINEAR, BALL, 
ACOUSTIC DOOR 
$UM 
S216.52 
Discrepancy: 7.17 
Customer request to fabricate new baggage net. (One Inboard of the water cabinet) 
Resolution: Fabricated new baggage net using MIL-T5038CTYPE-IV webbing. MI sewing done in accordance ASTM International 
Standard Practice for Stitches and Seams. Designation 6913-11. All work done per GC525240016 Rev.-. Reference 7.22 
for flammability data. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Fiat Rate 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
32,920.00 
$298.56 
33,218.56 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
7.17 #2 
40044-10 
HOOK ASSY, LOOP& KEEPER 
$2.12 
$12.72 
7.17 #3 
FDA5352 
HOOK AND BUCKLE 
$42.61 
$255.66 
7.17 #4 
MIL-T5038GTYPE-Iv 
WEBBING I" CLASS 1 - BLACK 
$5.03 
$30.18 
Discrepancy: 7.18 
Acoustic door lower bearings are worn and noisy 
Resolution: Removed and replaced the acoustical door lower bearings and slides. PIN SRS9XMSS+400LM. All work done PER. 
GP5210000I Rev.C. 
Billing Method 
I lours 
Rate 
'Foul 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
5596.36 
Total USD: 
5596.36 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
7.1881 
SRS9XMSS+400LM 
RAIL ASSY 
S298.18 
S596.36 
Discrepancy: 7.20 
Fwd Lav fwd door pop-up in-op 
Resolution: Adjusted fwd lay door and pop-up for proper function with all work performed in accordance with GPM412001486-301 
Rev - 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
lival 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.62 
Qa 
5146.00 
S966.52 
Total USD: 
$966.52 
Item: g 
Mechanical 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 8.3 
Customer request full cleaning and operational checks of the Lavatory tank and system. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 8 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811148
--- PAGE 9 ---
Bill To: Plan D. LLC. 
WO #: 5C521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: Complied with cleaning of la% systems and toilets/waste tank per G550 AMM 38-31-01 Rev.03/31/17. See below for work 
performed. Functional operational test for logic control module system performed per CMP 380025 Re111A7. No 
discrepacies noted with logic module. Toilet operation check performed per CMP 380001 Ref.7.15. Operated okay and no 
leaks noted al this time. Ultrasonic sensors cleaned per CMP 380015/383024. No discrepacies noted with sensors at this 
time. see below for work performed. 
Labor USD: 
Pans USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Flat Rate 
Time and Material 
Rate 
Total 
$2,336.00 
$18,672.83 
$21,008.83 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.3 NI 
NAS1611-150A 
ORING 
$2.25 
$4.50 
8.3#2 
MS295I3-226 
PACKING, PREFORMED. 
50.64 
$1.28 
HYDROCARBON FUEL RESISTANT. 
O RING 
8.3 #3 
7700248 
SENSOR, TANK WASTE 
I 
516.56330 
$16,56330 
8.3 #4 
7600123 
GASKET, WASTE TANK SENSOR 
I 
52.103.75 
$2,103.75 
Step: 8.3.1 
Completed 
Removed. ckaned. inspected, and reinstalled ultrasonic sensors PN:7700395-00I lift 
SN:07-G-170. and R/11 SN:07-G-167 per CMP 3800151383024. and CMP 
380031/380032. 
Ref. Items. 11.44.11.45.11.46.11.48. 
Step: 8.3.2 
Completed 
Complied with cleaning of lay systems and toiktstwaste tank per G550 AMM 38-31-01 
Rev.03/31/17. Waste tank full light does not go off. 
Step: 8.33 
Waiting 
approval 
Waste tank "full" light does not go off. 
(L/P) 
Discrepancy: 8.4 
Customer request to inspect all exterior service door latches for serviceability and replace one discrepant latch on 
the external MED switch service door 
Resolution: Summary: Installed New latch P/N 115000-2-102-142 per BP 1159851110 Rev C to the external MED switch service door. 
Completed inspection of all service door latches per 6550 MM 53-00-00 June 15/16 and found no further discrepancies. 
(See steps below for a detail of work performed) 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Rate 
Total 
ST 
2.40 
(a 
5146.00 
$350.40 
$268.82 
$619.22 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.4 NI 
H5000-2-102-142 
LATCH, SERVICE DOOR 
$258.12 
$258.12 
8.4 N2 
hIS20426AD3-4 
RIVET 
$0.22 
42.20 
8.4 #3 
hIS20426AD3-3 
RIVET 
to 
50.22 
$2.20 
8.4 #4 
hIS20426AD3-4.5 
RIVET 
$0.41 
$4.10 
8.4 #5 
hIS20426AD3-5 
RIVET- SOLID, CSK 100 DEG 
$0.22 
$2.20 
Step: 8.4.1 
Completed 
Removed discrepant latch on the external MED switch service door per BP 1159851110 
Rev G. 
Step: 8.4.2 
Completed 
Installed New latch P/N H5000-2-102-142 per BP 1159851110 Rev G to the external 
MED switch service door. Completed inspection of all exterior service door latches per 
6550 MM 53-00-00 June 15/16 and 6550 MM 52-40-00 October 30/06 finding no 
further discrepancies. 
Step: 8.4.3 
Completed 
Request paint on external MED snitch service door due to new latch installation. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 9 of 64 
Printed: 317/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811149
--- PAGE 10 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 8.5 
Customer request to check water system indications 
Resolution: SUMMARY: 
Serviced water system and performed Water system operational check with no defects noted. All work done per 6550 
AMM 38-10-00 dated August 31/05. see steps below for performed. 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.90 (-0, 
$146.00 
$131.40 
Total USD: 
$131.40 
Step: 8.5.1 
Step: 8.5.2 
Completed 
Complied with potable water tank senice per (350 ANN 38-14-01 March 31/17. No 
indication on external panel noted throughout entire senice. 
Completed 
Performed Water system operational check with no defects noted. All work done per 
6550 .AMM 38-10-00 dated August 31105. 
Discrepancy: 8.6 
CMP G550 275019 Flap Actuator Travel Nut (Left) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 275019 Flap Actuator Travel Nut (Lea)- Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
fowl 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5146.00 
Total USD: 
5146.00 
Discrepancy: 8.7 
CMP 6550 275020 Flap Actuator Travel Nut (Right) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 275020 Flap Actuator Travel Nut (Right) - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
-foal 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5146.00 
'total USD: 
$146.00 
thscrenancy: 8.9 
CMP G550 491005 APU Enclosure FS 767 - FS 797 - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 491005 APU Enclosure FS 767 - FS 797 - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$438.00 
Total USD: 
$438.00 
Discrepancy: 8.10 
Customer requests 12 spare aircraft keys. 
Added during debrief 
Resolution: Provided 12 spare aircraft keys to customer. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
5162.00 
Total USD: 
$162.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity  
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.1001 
KEYS 
KEYS 
$13.50 
$162.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 10 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811150
--- PAGE 11 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 8.11 
Blue "R FUEL RETURN FAIL" CAS message appeared one hour into flight. Crew also noted that the right oil 
temperature was 100 degrees celcius and the left oil temperature was 80 degrees celcius. 
Added during debrief 
Resolution: Performed heated fuel return operational check with no defects noted. All work done per C550 AMM 28-16-00 dated 
August 30, 2009. 
Decade resistor box 113/4 568066 cal due date 11/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$584.00 
Total USD: 
$584.00 
Discrepancy: 8.19 
Cyan "APU Mahn Required" Cas message on APU start. CMC fault code 4922222APU (APU Flow Divider Sol 
Short) 
Resolution: Summary: Removed and replaced fuel Bow divider P/N WE3883842-2 S/N NSN and solenoid valve P/N WE3883738-1 
S/N NSN. Performed operational and leak check with no defects noted at this time per CN1P 493011. 
See steps below for detailed work performed. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
10.61 
® 
SI46.00 
$1,549.06 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.18 
® 
SI46.00 
S26.28 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
412,652.36 
Total USD: 
$14,227.70 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.19N1 
8.19 #2 
8.19 #4 
WE3883738-I 
WE3883842-2 
M25988/2-904 
Step: 8.19.1 
Completed 
Step: 8.19.2 
Completed 
Step: 8.19.3 
Completed 
VALVE, SOLENOID 
VALVE, FLOW DIVIDER 
PACKING 
I 
$5,572.61 
$5,572.61 
I 
$7,078.11 
S7,078.11 
50.82 
41.64 
Gained access to 18IA I PI ( on APU Ceiling). Disconnected plug, inspected and cleaned 
cannon plug with no defects noted. Returned aircraft to original configuration. All 
maintenance performed using WDNI 49-60-00 June 15/16. 
Ran API: and still had constant APU mains. required message for CMC fault code 
4922222APU (APU Flow Divider Sol Short) 
Removed and replaced with new fuel flow divider PN-WE3883842-2 NSN and solenoid 
valve PN-WE3883738-1 NSN per CMP G 493011 item 11.153. 
Discrepancy: 8.22 
Horizontal stabilizer Rill hoist plug stripped. 
Ref. 13.1 
Resolution: Replaced horizontal stabilizer FUll and Lill hoist plugs PN: 1159CSM50558-00I with new horizontal stabilizer R/II and 
Lai hoist plugs PN: 1159CSM50558-001 per drawing 1159CSM50558 Rev.B. and C550 AMM 20-42-00 Rev. Mar.31/17. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,145.84 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
$1,145.84 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.22 NI 
8.22 82 
1159CSNI50558-001 
PLUG, HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
HOISTING STOP 
1159CSNI50558-001 
PLUG, HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
HOISTING STOP 
5389.48 
S389.48 
$378.18 
S756.36 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page II of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811151
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO At: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 8.23 
L/II Flap "B" Track Aft I/B Roller is worn beyond limits per 6550 AMM 27-50-00 Rev. March 31/17 
Ref. 13.2 
Resolution: Replaced Lill Flap "B" hack Aft I/B Roller n it It new roller, P/N KRP233012FT, IAW CMP 6550 275037 and Drawing 
1159C554220 Rev C 
Labor USD: 
Pans USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Billing Method 
Flat Rate 
Time and Material 
I
Rate 
Total 
31,168.00 
$999.18 
32,167.18 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.23 #1 
KRP233012FT 
ROLLER, FLAPTRACK 
$703.50 
$703.50 
8.23 #5 
1159CSNI54233-19 
WASHER 
591.20 
$182.40 
8.2386 
MS17826-8 
NUT 
$2.42 
$4.84 
8.2387 
hIS24665-370 
COTTER PIN 
50.22 
50.44 
8.23 W8 
NAS6704L13 
BOLT 
$108.00 
5108.00 
Discrepancy: 8.24 
IUD Flap "B" hack Aft UB Roller is worn beyond limits per 6550 ANIN1 27-50-00 Rev. March 31/17 
Ref. 13.2 
Resolution: Summary: Removed R/II Flap "B" Track Aft outboard bracket. Replaced Rai Flap "B" Track Aft I1B roller with new 
roller, P/N KRP233012FT. Installed Rill Flap "B" Track Aft outboard bracket. Work performed per CMP 6550 275038 
and Drawing 1159CS54220 Rev C. 
See steps below for detailed work performed. 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Billing Method 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Pan number: 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
ST 
8.92 
@ 
5146.00 
$1,302.32 
$1,056.60 
Description 
32,358.92 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.2181 
8.2182 
8.24 83 
Step: 8.24.1 
Step: 8.24.2 
Step: 8.24.3 
KRP233012FT 
NAS67041.II 
NAS67041.II 
Completed 
Completed 
Completed 
ROLLER, FLAPTRACK 
BOLT 
BOLT 
I 
$703.50 
$703.50 
I 
$117.70 
$117.70 
$117.70 
$235.40 
Removed Rdi Flap "B" Track Aft outboard bracket. Replaced Rai Flap "B" Track Aft 
I/B roller with new roller. P/N KRP233012FT. per CMP G550 275038 and Drawing 
1159O354220 Rev C 
Recieved ok to install and installed R/H Flap Track "B" AFT O/B roller fitting. Bolts 
still require torque and fitting requires sealant per 1159CS54220 Rev G. 
Bolts require torque and fitting requires sealant per 1159CS54220 Rev G. 
Discrepancy: 8.27 
Rill Pylon leading edge seal torn 
Resolution: Replaced R/H Pylon leading edge seal per DWG 1159P57911 
rev. C 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Billing Method 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
ST 
3.47 
(a 
5146.00 
$506.62 
$2,044.87 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 12 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit f6I 
EFTA00811152
--- PAGE 13 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Total USD: 
$2,551.49 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.27 #1 
1159SCP510-18E 
SEAL, LEADING EDGE, Rai 
I 
52,02736 
$2,027.56 
8.27#2 
NAS8802-3 
BOLT 
52.72 
$8.16 
8.2783 
MS21043-04 
NUT-SELF LKG,CRES,RING BASE 
52.06 
$6.18 
8.2784 
NASI149DN816K 
WASHER 
50.22 
50.66 
8.27 #5 
hIS21043-08 
NUT, SELF LOCKING. REDUCED H 
$0.77 
$231 
Discrepancy: 8.29 
NLG wire harness is contacting hydraulic lines in aft NLG wheel well when gear is retracted. Found while 
accomplishing clearance check. 
REF 13.1.1 paint traveler 
Resolution: Adjusted AFTsectIon of NLG wire harness (P/N: 1159SCAV516-5) to clear hydraulic lines and repositioned teflon 
protective wrap (P/N: GAP105F2C2). Retracted NLG and verified NLG harness does not contact hydraulic lines. All 
work performed per ANINI G55032-26-03 Dated MArch 31/17 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$876.00 
Total USD: 
$876.00 
Discrepancy: 830 
UH MLG brake harness has tear in insulation located near upper hydraulic brake swivel Found while 
accomplishing clearance check. 
REF 13.1.1 paint traveler 
Resolution: Summary : Complied with LH MLG brake harness insulation tear repair IAN' SR1052 Rev-B. No defects noted. See steps 
below for details of work performed. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$584.00 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$35.44 
Total USD: 
$619.44 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.3081 
GAC501K400H1 
BANDCLAMP 
I 
$32.99 
$32.99 
8.3083 
GAS830CV150-0 
SLEEVING 
I 
$1.76 
41.76
8.30#4 
GAS830CV100-0 
SLEEVE 
I 
$0.69 
S0.69 
Step: 830.1 
Completed 
Replaced upper broken clamp on Left MIA: strut. All maintenance performed using 
DWG 11591.50300 REV K. 
Torque Wrench CN: 562086 Date Due: 09118 
Step: 830.2 
Completed 
Complied with LH N11.6 brake harness insulation tear repair 1AW SRI052 Rev-B. No 
defects noted. 
Discrepancy: 831 
UH MLG brake harness is kinked near upper hydraulic brake swivel when gear is retracted. Found while 
accomplishing clearance check. 
REF 13.1.1 paint traveler 
Resolution: Summary : Added heat shrink to harness to move the bending point of the harness. Placed material butted up to 
repaired area extending up toward the plug end and heat in place. See steps below for details of work performed. 
Engineering disposition complete. See item 8.311 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 13 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811153
--- PAGE 14 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
51.168.00 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$6.28 
Total USD: 
$1,174.28 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
831 #1 
GAS830CV100-0 
831 #2 
GAS830CV150-0 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
SLEEVE 
$0.69 
42.76 
SLEEVING 
$1.76 
$3.52 
Step: 831.1 
Completed 
Request Engineering Disposition 
Step: 831.2 
Completed 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: Add heat shrink to harness to move the bending point 
of the harness to a desired location (gear up). similarly: add aprox. 4 inches heat shrink. 
Place material butted up to repaired area extending up toward the plug end and heat in 
place. Center a 4-6" piece of heat %bring on top of that butt joint. and heat in place. Add 
or remove heat shrink shrink material to increase or decrease flexibility of impingement. 
Discrepancy: 832 
Lill #5 Flap pillow block assembly is worn and making a loud grinding sound when operated with 3000 psi mule. 
Ref. 11.99 
Located at RBS 260 
Resolution: Removed till #5 pillow block assembly PN-1159SCC504-15 SN-3924 and installed new block PN-1159SCC504-15 
SN-7992 per C550 AMM 27-53-05 Aug 30/09. Complied with flap system operational with no defects noted per O550 
AMM 27-50-00 Nov 15/17. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
14.84 
® 
$146.00 
$2,166.64 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,811.89 
Total USD: 
$3,978.53 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
83281 
1159SCC504-15 
PILLOW BLOCK, FLAP CONTROL 
I 
$1,758.99 
$1,758.99 
DRIVE 
832 #2 
NAS6404U6D 
BOLT 
50.00 
$0.00 
832#3 
NASI 587-4C 
WASHER 
$1.69 
$338 
832#4 
NASII49D0163K 
WASHER 
50.23 
$0.46 
832#5 
202-16126-41 
NUT, SELF LOCKING 
$23.62 
$47.24 
832 #6 
MS24665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.22 
$0.44 
832 #7 
MS24665-86 
COTTER PIN 
$0.23 
$138 
Discrepancy: 833 
FUI I #5 Flap pillow block assembly is worn and making a loud grinding sound when operated with 3000 psi mule. 
Ref. 11.99 Located at RBS 260 
Resolution: Removed R/II #5 pillow block assembly PN-I159SCC504-15 SN-3945 and installed new block PN-1159SCC504-15 
SN-7995 per C550 AMM 27-53-05 Aug 30/09. Complied with flap system operational with no defects noted per 0550 
AMM 27-50-00 Nov 15/17. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
14.05 
@ 
$146.00 
$2,05130 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
035 
@ 
$146.00 
S51.10 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
31,810.51 
Total USD: 
33,912.91 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 14 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811154
--- PAGE 15 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.33 #1 
1159SCC504-15 
PILLOW BLOCK, FLAP CONTROL 
$1.758.99 
$1,758.99 
DRIVE 
8.33 #2 
NAS6404U6D 
BOLT 
$0.00 
$0.00 
8.33 #3 
NAS1587-4C 
WASHER 
$1.69 
$3.38 
8.33 #4 
NAS1149D0463K 
WASHER 
$0.23 
$0.46 
8.33 #5 
202-16126-4L 
NUT, SELF LOCKING 
523.62 
$47.24
8.33 #6 
14524665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
50.22 
$0.44 
Discrepancy: 8.36 
Rill NLG door step is out of limits .060. (0.035 Max)) 
Ref. 13.1.1 Paint Travel Section D Line NI 
Resolution: Removed cotter pins (2ea.), loosened jam nuts and adjusted R/II and L/H NLG door control rod P/N: 159L10085-9. 1/2 
turn out to achieve proper door fit stated per GV-GER-313 Rev. P Adjusted R/H NLG aft door stop until contact was 
made with bumper stop. Installed new cotter pins and tightened control rod Jam nuts. Cycled doors and checked for 
proper operation and indications with no faults noted. Work done per GV-GER-313 Rev. P 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.00 Q 
$146.00 
$876.00 
Total USD: 
$876.00 
Discrepancy: 838 
RAI #2 E-window upper heat contactor showing signs of arcing. 
Ref item 19.1.12 
Resolution: Removed contactor P/N 1159F50236-22 from Rill #2 E-window frame and installed new contactor P/N 1159F50236-22 as 
per CAC Drawing 1159F50236 Rev B. 
Ref item 19.1.12 for heat check following window installation 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$146.00 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$250.00 
Total USD: 
$396.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
838 #1 
1159F50236-22 
CONNECTOR ASSY. WDO-RH, 
GVFS490 
$250.00 
$250.00 
Discrepancy: 8.40 
Lill engine has Fire-loop B fault, during and atter fireloop test in cockpit. 
Resolution: Removed 1/H Fire control box PN: 51653-154 SN: 3305 
and installed repaired Fire control box PN: 51653-154 SN: 2763. Performed operational check alth no defects noted. All 
work done per C550 CMP 261201 (Ref 11.151) and CMP G550 261211 (Ref 11.154) 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.50 Q 
$146.00 
$73.00 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
1.50 
@, 
$146.00 
$219.00 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$7,922.87 
Total USD: 
$8,214.87 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.40 #1 
51653-154 
CONTROLLER, FIREWIRE 
$7,921.03 
$7,921.03 
8.40 #2 
14835207-264 
SCREW 
50.23 
$0.92 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
(iAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 15 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811155
--- PAGE 16 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.40 03 
NA51149D0316H 
WASHER 
$0.23 
50.92 
Item: 9 
Paint 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 
Outstanding Parts. Materials, and / or Services 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 11 
Follow on CMP Codes / Maintenance Tasks 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 
WCR's - Work Change Requests 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 12.3 
WCR 3- APPROVED: Customer requests to remove the two (2) console tables and lids from the cabin side ledges. 
Resolution: Removed LH #2 and Ril #2 console tables and lids from the cabin side ledges Per CE522280107 Rev - Res eneered 
Revennered with Dark Eucalyptus Veneer part# CSE150717-1LP Lt 17-366384. Reference RSQCT-400 Rev.-. Index #9 
for details of work done. 
Ref. 19.24 for flammability data. 
Billing Method 
[lours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
Total USD: 
510.840.00 
5207.00 
511.047.00 
Step: 123.1 
Completed 
Wood Labor Only 
Step: 123.2 
Completed 
INT Support (R&R) Labor Only 
Step: 1233 
Completed 
Inspection Labor Only 
Step: 123.4 
Completed 
Electrical Engineering 
Step: 123.5 
Completed 
Mechanical Engineering 
Step: 123.6 
Completed 
Removed the two (2) console tables and lids from the cabin side ledges per drawing 
CE522280I07-01 Rev.-
Discrepancy: 12.4 
WCR 4- APPROVED: Customer requests to remove all cabin dual cupholders and replace with single cupholders. 
No cupholders will be required al the divan or the area where the two console tables are removed. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 16 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811156
--- PAGE 17 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO tr. SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: Removed all cabin dual cupholders and replaced with single cupholders.RH #1, 2 and LI1 #1, 2, and 3 Ledges.Removed 
cupholders at the divan area and Rev ennered with Dark Eucalyptus Veneer part# GSE150717-1LP Lt 17-366384 
All work done per CE522280108 Rev -
Reference RSQCT-400 Rev.-, Index #9 for details of work done. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
413,322.00 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
51,105.00 
Total USD: 
514,427.00 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
12.4 HI 
2123X2.43NEC 
CUPHOLDER 
Step: 12.4.1 
Completed 
INT Sheet Metal Labor Only 
Step: 12.4.2 
Completed 
Wood Labor Only 
Step: 12.4.3 
Completed 
Inspection Labor Only 
Step: 12.4.4 
Completed 
Nlechaincal Engineering 
Step: 12.4.5 
Completed 
Bonded hardwood to fill-in unwanted cup holes using DP-420 per CE522280108-01 
Discrepancy: 12.6 
WCR 6- APPROVED: Customer requests to replace the galley and galley annex counter top nosings with 
hardwood. 
The current nosings will be removed. The new nosings will be fabricated of hardwood and veneer. 
Resolution: Removed existing nosing and installed new galley and galley annex counter top nosings with Hardwood P/N 
8-4QTR-SAWN-MOZAMBIQUEILOT # LTI7-365416 
LAI Galley Veneer P/N GSE 150717-ILP 
LOT# LT17-366384 
Bonded per CCS 1136 TYPE 1 REV K. & CCSII09 Rev A 
Ref. 
Ref 19.24 for flammability & Ref 12.6.7 for work performed) 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
$7,884.00 
$1,338.00 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
12.6 #1 
GSNI344001007-101 
STOP 
12.6#2 
AN525-10R10 
SCREW 
12.6#3 
AN525-101211 
SCREW 
12.6#4 
AN525-10R12 
SCREW 
$9,222.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 17 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811157
--- PAGE 18 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO H: SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 12.6.1 
Completed 
Wood Labor Only 
Step: 12.6.2 
Completed 
INT Finish and Paint Labor Only 
Step: 12.63 
Completed 
Inspection Labor Only 
Step: 12.6.4 
Completed 
Mechanical Engineering 
Step: 12.6.5 
Completed 
Stress Engineering 
Step: 12.6.6 
Completed 
Verify material for WM Galley annex,and Lai Galley Veneer P/N GSE 150717-1LP 
LOTH LT17-366384. 
Hardwood P/N 8-JQTR-SAWN-MOZAMBIQUE ILOT H LT17-365416. 
Bonded veneer per CCS 1136 TYPE 3 REV J. 
Bonded hardwood per CCS 1136 TYPE 1 REV J. 
Received okay to send to finish. 
Step: 12.6.7 
Completed 
Hardwood P/N 8-4QTR-SAWN-MOZAMBIQUE ILOT Of LT17-365416. 
Bonded hardwood nosing on LTH Galley Assy per CCS 1136 TYPE 1 REV K. Ref. 
CP31308001581-301 rev nc. 
Step: 12.6.8 
Completed 
Finish- Lai Galley hardwood nosing 
Step: 12.6.9 
Completed 
Finish - Rill Galley annex 
Item: 13 
Option 1- Full Paint - (Ref. Item D 1.1 of Proposal ID// 7037536. ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 13.1 
Resolution: 
Option I- Full Paint 
The preparation and application of the exterior paint will be applied in accordance with the procedures and 
specifications outlined in the Culfstream Aerospace Material and Process Specification (CAMPS 4000) and will 
include the following Customer specified elements: 
The existing paint will he removed from the aircraft. 
Composite surfaces will be scuff sanded to remove the gloss from the existing paint. 
The main entrance Airstair door, Airstair door jamb, and baggage door jamb will be painted to match the 
primary 
fuselage color. 
The inside of the landing gear doors will be painted with the same base color as the outside surface. 
The landing gear will be cleaned. 
O Wing walks will be applied in accordance with approved data. 
K A new radome boot will be applied. 
K All antenna leading edges will have erosion tape applied. 
O Previously polished metal surfaces will be buffed. 
O The inside surfaces of the airbrakes will be painted. 
- After completion of the exterior paint, a weight and balance will be performed on the aircraft. 
Any Items not listed above will be quoted on a per item basis by the Gulfstream facilities Paint Operations 
Manager, including labor and materials on a Work Change Request (WCR). 
***SEE APPENDIX FOR ADDITIONAL INFO*" 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
liAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page IS of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811158
--- PAGE 19 ---
Bill To: Plan IX LLC. 
WO It: SC521661 
invoice Number: 5517132452 
In addition to the paint specifications listed above, the following standard Cu[(stream Aerospace Paint Specifications 
will be incorporated: 
The existing paint will be removed from the aircraft. 
Composite surfaces will be scuff sanded to remove the gloss from the existing paint. 
The main entrance Airstair door. Airstair doorjamb. and baggage door jamb will be painted to match the primary 
fuselage color. 
The inside of the landing gear doors will be painted with same base color as the outside surface. 
The landing gear will be cleaned. 
Wing walks will be applied in accordance with approved data. 
A new radome boot will be applied. 
All antenna leading edges will have erosion tape applied. 
Previously polished metal surfaces will be buffed. 
The inside surfaces of the air brakes will be painted. 
After completion of exterior paint, a weight and balance will be performed on the aircraft. 
Any items not listed above will be quoted on a per Item basis by the Gulfstream facility's Paint Operations 
Manager. including labor and materials on a Work Change Request (WCR). 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
4223,060.00 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
4'25,294.00 
Services USD: 
Flat Rate 
$21,108.00 
Total USD: 
5269,462.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
13.181 
PAINT KIT GV 6550 
PAINT KIT FOR GV, G550 
I 
13.182 
CA1805CX GAL 
SOLVENT REDUCER 
13.183 
P10010-155 
LACQUER, ACRYLIC-FLAT BLACK 
13.184 
J328 
DEGREASER, ZONE DEFENSE (I EA- 
GL PAIL) 
13.185 
PRI440B1-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE A1654 SENIKIT 
HOUR WORK LIFE 
13.186 
CM3905HP 
CLEAR COAT KIT GL 
13.1 #7 
AN525-832-8 
SCREW 
13.1 #8 
NASI149DN816K 
WASHER 
:. 
13.1 #9 
MS210421,08 
NUT, SELF LOCKING 
' 
13.1810 
738651E5-01 
PAINT, ELITE BLUE IMRON AF700 
13.1811 
137755-0IGL 
THINNER 
13.1 #12 
AF740 
PAINT, CLEAR COAT 
13.1813 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1814 
137655 
REDUCER 
13.1815 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1816 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1817 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.181% 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1819 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #20 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1821 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #22 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #23 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #24 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #25 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1826 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #27 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #28 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #29 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #30 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1831 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #32 
131105 
CATALYST 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 19 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811159
--- PAGE 20 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
CATALYST 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
REDUCER 
SOLVENT REDUCER 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE #654 SEMKIT 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE 
CLEAR COAT KIT GL 
CONVERTER 
SURFACER, SANDING 
EVERCOAT FILLER 
FUSELAGE DRAIN VALVE 
SEAL, BUTTONED STRIP, WHEEL 
WELL DOOR (5' SECTION) 
SCREW-MACHINE, CRES PAN HD, 
STRL 
WASHER 
SCREW, PAN HEAD, X RECESSED 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT 
COUNTERSUNK HD, 100 DEG, 
CROSS RECESS 
SCREW 
BOLT 
SCREW 
WASHER, FLAT ALUMINUM 
NUT, SELF LOCKING 
SCREW 
SCREW, MACHINE 
WASHER-FLAT CRES 
FUSELAGE DRAIN VALVE 
COTTER PIN 
SCREW-MACHINE, CRES PAN HD, 
STRL 
SPACER SLEEVE 
RADOME BOOT 
COTTER PIN 
SEAL 
SEAL 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
100 DEG, STRL, CROSS RECESSED 
SCREW, CSK -100 DEGREE - 
STRUCTURAL - ST 
WASHER-FLAT CRES 
WO ti: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
13.1 #33 
13.1 #34 
13.1 #35 
13.1 #36 
13.1 #37 
13.1 #38 
13.1 #39 
13.1 #40 
13.1 #41 
13.1 #42 
13.1 #43 
13.1 #44 
13.1 #45 
13.1 #46 
13.1 #47 
13.1 #48 
13.1 #49 
13.1 #50 
13.1 #51 
13.1 #52 
13.1 #54 
13.1 #55 
13.1 #56 
13.1 #57 
13.1 #58 
13.1 #59 
13.1 #60 
13.1 #6I 
13.1 #62 
13.1 #63 
13.1 #64 
13.1 #65 
13.1 #66 
13.1 #67 
13.1 #68 
13.1 #69 
13.1 #70 
13.1 #71 
13.1 #72 
13.1 #73 
13.1 k74 
13.1 k75 
13.1 #78 
13.1 #79 
13.1 #80 
13.1 #81 
13.1 #82 
13.1 #84 
13.1 #85 
13.1 #86 
13.1 #87 
I3110S 
I3765S 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
13765.5 
137655 
CA1805CX GAL 
PR1440B1-2-654 
CA8905HP 
D9001 
D8003 
400 EVERCOAT 
140N2022S1 
GAS13AN-1-41 
NIS27039C0807 
NAS1149DN816K 
MS27039C0808 
MS24693526 
MS24693-528 
AN525832R7 
AN525-832R11 
NASI149DN816H 
NIS21042L08 
AN525-832R5 
MS27039-0809 
NAS1149CN816R 
140N2022S1 
MS24665-155 
MS27039C0807 
NAS43DD3-36FC 
SJ8665FP021-1 
MS24665-302 
GAS18N1-1-1440 
GASI8h1-I-I440 
MS24694-C7 
NIS24694C7 
NA51149CN816R 
I8
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 20 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811160
--- PAGE 21 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
13.1 #88 
M524694-C7 
SCREW. MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
100 DEG, STRI, CROSS RECESSED 
13.1 #89 
MS21043-08 
NUT, SELF LOCKING, REDUCED H 
13.1 #90 
M524694-C7 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
100 DEG, STRI, CROSS RECESSED 
13.1.1 #1 
NA51581K4R5 
BOLT 
13.1.1 #2 
NA51580V3R6 
SCREW 
I50 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
13.1 #3 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
13.1 #1 
IAS. Carders. 13.1.6.8 hrs. 2/5-2/11 
1.00 
13.1 #2 
1AS, Carders. 13.1.6.8 hrs, 2/12-2/18 
1.00 
13.1.2 #1 
1AS Graf, David 20.0 HRS item 13.1.2 
1.00 
13.13 #1 
1AS Biddle. Brett 40.0 IIRS and 4.0 HRS OT item 13.1.3 on 
1.00 
12/11/17-12/14/17 
13.13 #2 
1AS Graft. David 11.O IIRS item 13.13 on 12/13/17 
1.00 
13.1.5 #1 
1AS Blanton 40 hrs + 5Inrs ot 13.1.5 12/17 
1.00 
13.1.6 #1 
IASSIKES,12/25-12/31.13.1.6.„16 HOURS 
1.00 
13.1.6 #2 
1AS , Sikes ,13.1.6 , 46hrs. , 1/8 - 1/13 
1.00 
13.1.6 #3 
1AS, Johnson,I3.1.6, 2 hrs. 1/29-2/4 
1.00 
Step: 13.1.1 
Completed 
Mechanical Paint Traveler 
Step: 13.1.1.1 
Completed 
Temporarely install of panel 325AT. and panel 337CT for paint traveler per G550 AMM 
55-30-00 Rev.Nov 15/17. Ref.13.1.1 
Step: 13.1.1.2 
Completed 
Remove panel 325AT. and panel 337CT after completion of paint traveler per G550 
AMM 55-30-00 Rev.Nov 15/17. Ref.17.1 
Step: 13.1.1.3 
Completed 
Complied with landing gear cycling operational checks. No faults noted at this time. 
Work done per G550 MOM 3240-00. Nov 15117 
Step: 13.1.1.4 
Completed 
Panel 325AT installed. needs sealant, panel 337C1 waiting for ops checks prior to final 
installation 
Step: 13.1.1.5 
Completed 
Complied with Aircraft paint traveler RSQCT-330Rev.8. Ftetpaper copy for work 
performed. 
Step: 13.1.2 
Completed 
Strip Aircraft 
Step: 13.13 
Completed 
Prep Aircraft 
Step: 13.1.4 
Completed 
Layout Aircraft 
Step: 13.1.5 
Completed 
Paint Aircraft 
Step: 13.1.6 
Completed 
Detail Aircraft 
Step: 13.1.7 
Waiting 
approval 
Weight and balance 
(L/P/S) 
Step: 13.1.7.1 
Waiting 
lnsp 
Complied with the physical weighing of the aircraft as outlined in the steps of RSQCT 
Rev 17 and the 6550 Weight and Balance Manual. 
Step: 13.1.7.2 
Completed 
Competed the weight and balance report and insert into the customer's weight and 
balance manual. 
Step: 13.1.8 
Completed 
customer support 
Step: 13.1.9 
Completed 
engineering support 
Discrepancy: 133 
Radome to structure perimeter steps- detail inspection Rill side negative step of .053 out of limits, marked with 
masking tape with arrows per 6550 AMM 53-02-01 Rev. Nov 15/17. Ref.Piant traveler II A. 
Resolution: Complied with engineering disposition on item 133.1.1 see steps below for all work preformed 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.45 
@ 
$146.00 
$65.70 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.25 
@ 
$222.00 
$55.50 
Total USD: 
$121.20 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawkslnvoice.rpt v3 
Page 21 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811161
--- PAGE 22 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 133.1 
Step: 133.1.1 
Step: 133.2 
Step: 13.3.3 
Completed 
Request engineering disposition to correct R/Ii side negative step on radome that is out 
of limits. 
Completed 
Engineering Disposition: 
It is acceptable to repair the out-of-tolerance radome steps in accordance with 
Gulfstream Service Letter CR.005300001 Rev. - ."Aerodynamic Filler Sweep - Fair 
Procedure - Radome Steps". This Gulfstream Service Letter (GSL) is classified as a 
Manufacturer's Service Document and is governed by Advisory Circulars 20-176A and 
AC 120-77. Completing a repair per a Gulfstream Service Letter is similar to 
completing a repair per the Structural Repair Manual (SRM): No serial number specific 
FAA Form 8100-9 is required and will not be provided in support of a GM. repair. The 
Engineering (Source) Data for this Service Letter has been shown to comply with the 
applicable FAR's and is FAAApproved. Engineering source data is retained by 
Gulfstream as proprietary data. 
Completed 
Request paint to comply with engineering dispo during full strip and paint, ref item 13.1 
Completed 
Comply with post-paint radome to fixed structure perimeter steps and gap 
measurements. 
Discrepancy: 133 
Replace MED belicrank cover hardware where attaches at airstair riser rail with unpainted screws and washers 
per customer request. 
Resolution: Replaced MED hardware with correct hardware PN:AN525-832-7 per Drawing 159B140023 Revd]. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$126.65 
Total USD: 
$126.65 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
13.541 
AN525-832-1I 
SCREW 
I 
$7.27 
$7.27 
13.542 
NA51149DN816H 
WASHER, FLATALUMINUM 
$0.23 
42.30 
13.543 
MS210421.08 
NUT, SELF LOCKING 
$0.44 
$4.40 
13.514 
AN525-832R11 
SCREW 
I 
$0.22 
$0.22 
13.545 
AN525-8321211 
SCREW 
$0.22 
$LI0 
13.546 
AN525-8321211 
SCREW 
I 
$0.22 
$0.22 
13.547 
AN525-8321211 
SCREW 
I 
50.22 
$0.22 
13.548 
WH832RIIDGI3WH 
SCREW 
$7.87 
$110.18 
13.549 
AN525-8321211 
SCREW 
I 
$0.74 
$0.74 
Discrepancy: 13.7 
One drain dlverter missing just forward of tail compartment door. 
Resolution: Replaced drain diverter PN:1159B4147517-13 just forward of tall compartment door per G550 AMM 53-51-00 RevJan 
15/10. Time adhesive GAA100BD04 was applied 14:00 PM, set in 6 hours. 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
$11235 
$11235 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
13.781 
115981O47517-B 
DIVERTER DRAIN, AFT LOWER 
$11235 
4112.35 
PANEL 
Discrepancy: 13.8 
Customer Requests to polish and swap I.JH and FUR eventing E-light lenses. 
Resolution: •**Summan.*** 
Removed 6 et erwing emergency light lenses. Polished lenses. Reinstalled 6 °venting emergency light lenses. Sealed 6 
overwing emergency light lenses. 
See steps below for details of work performed. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 22 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811162
--- PAGE 23 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
lime and Material 
ST 
18.00 
@ 
$146.00 
$2,628.00 
Total USD: 
$2,628.00 
Step: 13.8.1 
Completed 
Step: 13.8.2 
Completed 
Removed 6 overwing emergency light lease covers. 
Sealent required for 6 overwing emergency light loose coven 
Item: 
Photographic Documentation - (Ref. Item D 2.1 of Proposal 104 7037536. ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 
Jet ConneX (Ka-band) High -Speed Data System Installation - (Ref. Item B 2.2 of Proposal ID# 7038248 R02) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/islodel #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSWISO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 15.1 
Jet ConneX (Ka-band) I firth-Speed Data System Installation 
Gulfstream will install this latest version of high-speed Broad-Band data system. 
One (1) Modem Manager (MODMAN) will be installed in the aft baggage compartment in a new cabinet. If Sat 
TV is 
installed, the existing cabinet will be modified and reused unless the cost exceeds the new cabinet installation. 
As the overall manager for the system, the MODMAN is responsible for providing the user interfaces to the 
aircraft/passengers. 
One (I) Aeronautical Personality Module (APN1) will be located in the baggage compartment equipment cabinet 
and 
holds the configuration data for the system. 
One (I) Ka-band Aircraft Network Data Unit (KANDU) will be installed in the boiler room. The KANDU receives 
commands front the MODMAN through an Ethernet Interface to configure the antenna/KRFU and reports status 
over 
this Ethernet interface 
One (I) Ka-band Frequency Unit (KRFU) will be installed in the proximity of the TMA assembly on top of the tail 
empennage. 
The KRFU contains a Block-Down Converter (BDC) to convert the received Ka-band frequencies to IF 
frequencies 
and also is made up of a Block-Up Convener (BUC) to convert the IF frequencies to Ka-band frequencies. A 
Iligh-
Potter Amplifier (IIPA) increases the signal strength for transmission by the antenna. 
One (I) Tail Mounted Antenna (TMA) will be mounted on top of the tail empennage underneath the radome. 
The antenna system is to acquire and establish communications with satellites in various orbits to enable beyond 
lineof-
sight communications between airborne, ground fixed, and ground transportable terminals. 
The Radome will be removed and replaced by a new Ka-band capable radome. 
Certification: The Jet ConneX (Ka-band) High-Speed Data System along with the Satcom Direct Router will be 
installed via Gulfstream STC; expected, availability of STC, 4th Quarter 2017. 
n* SEE APPENDIX *** 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoicc.rpt v3 
Page 23 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811163
--- PAGE 24 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: Complied with installation of Jet ConneX (Ka-band) High-Speed Data System per STC ST03238AT-D Index List 
GC413038007 Rev R. Configuration Lists 6C513038031 Rev A, GC513038034 Rev A, and GC513038035 Rev —. 
Reference Custom Electrical Drawing List CE51 496???? Rev ?? and Custom Mechanical Drawing List CE5200???? Rev 
?? for deviations. 
Complied with GC41 429G002 Rev — and GC51 303G007 Rev — Ground Test Plans with no defects noted. 
Instructions for Continued Airworthiness GC51 303A004 Rev F applicable to this installation and incorporated into 
maintenance program. 
Airplane Flight Manual Supplement GC51 303M005 Rev F incorporated into Flight Manual 
Reference GWBR000000160 Rev — for Weight and Balance Supplement. 
Reference GC51 4696768 Rev — for Electrical Load Analysis 
Ref 15.30 for Cockpit Storage Box upuolstered with Grospoint Poster P/N GPFR0242 (Ref work 15.20) 
Reference CE51 4696543 Rev -- for Electrical Load Supplement. 
One ( I ) SDR will be installed in the aft baggage and interfaced with the existing aircraft internet capable systems. 
New wiring for the 3C cellular antenna will be installed in the cabin in an engineering approved location. 
If the aircraft has an existing Gogo system installed, the SDR will be integrated with the Gogo utilizing existing 
Ethernet provisions for single MID, unless otherwise directed by Ow ner/Operator. If provisions are not present, 
Ethernet cabling will be quoted as a separate item. 
New Components: 
One (1) 90400012-0001 - Honeywell Modem Manager (MODMAN) 
One (I) 90401121 - Honeywell Aeronautical Personality Module (APM) 
One (I) 90401202 - Honeywell Ka-band Frequency Unit (KRFU Convection Cooled) 
One (1) 90400013-0001 - Honeywell Tail Mounted Antenna (TMA) 
One (I) 90401566 - Honeywell Ka-band Aircraft Network Data Uolt (KANDU) 
One (I) 1233-F-2191-10 - Satcom Direct Router (SDR) 
One (I) Radome 
Various Installation Kits 
Certification: The Jet ConneX (Ka-band) High-Speed Data System along with the Satcom Direct Router will be 
installed via Gulfstream STC: expected. availability of STC. 4th Quarter 2017. 
Notes: 
If an existing Sat TV system is removed to accommodate the Ka band system the CMS software may be modified 
to remove the Satellite Television. This modification is not included in the sell price of the Ka band system and will 
be provided after a detailed engineering review is completed. estimated charges approximately 518,000. 
Changes to the Aircraft's Completion Center Maintenance Handbook (COUR), or Cabin Operating Manual 
(COM) are not included as part of this Proposal. Should a modified CCMH or COM be requested by the 
Customer, it may be provided at additional charge. 
Gulfstream may require assistance front the Customer's Information Technologies (IT) department for the 
configuration of the high speed data system. 
Notes: (continued) 
This involvement will verify proper system configuration as well as provide system simplicity to the operator. 
This will be coordinated at the time of installation and will be completed prior to delivery of the aircraft. 
The Customer must establish and maintain a service subscription for the Ka-band system. 
Quote assumes sufficient space is available for the equipment above and does not include relocation of 
equipment to provide space. 
This installation is a managed program. Please contact your Regional Sales Manager to coordinate the availability 
of components and installation. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5192.054.00 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
5492.946.00 
Semites USD: 
No Charge 
N/ C 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenuaquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 24 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811164
--- PAGE 25 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Total USD: 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
5685,000.00 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
SATCOM DIRECT ROUTER 
ANTENNA 
ANTENNA 
ADAPTER, TNC TO SMA 
TERRETRIAL MODEM ANTENNA 
INSTALLATION OF SATCOM (HIGH 
SPEED DATA HD-I28) SYSTEM 
PEDESTAL SWITCH PANEL ASSY 
SLEEVE 
SPACER 
CONNECTOR 
PLUG, D-SUB, 25-PIN 
RCPT, SOCKET, D-SUB, 25-20 GA 
BACKSHELL 
SPACER 
KA PED OVERLAY 
SLEEVE 
SPACER 
CONNECTOR 
BACKSHELL 
CONNECTOR 
BACKSHELL 
CONNECTOR 
BACKSHELL 
SWITCH 
KIT, SDR COAX CABLE 
REMOTE WIFI ANTENNA 
RING 
RING 
CLIP 
CABLE, ONE CONTINUOUS LENGTH 
ON SPOOL 
BOLT, PROTRUDING SHEAR HEAD, 
TITANIUM 
BOLT 
BOLT 
BOLT, PROT SHEAR HEAD, TI 
BOLT 
BOLT, PROTRUDING SHEAR HEAD, 
TITANIUM 
COLLAR, SHEAR 
BOLT, PROTRUDING SHEAR HEAD. 
TITANIUM 
BOLT, PROTRUDING SHEAR HEAD. 
TITANIUM 
SOLDER SLEEVE (BRAID) 
SOLDER SLEEVE (PIG TAIL) 
LUG,TERMINAL,YELLOW,H8 
TERMINAL 
TERMINAL 
LUG, TERMINAL, RED, #8 
CAP END 
TERMINAL 
TERMINAL 
CLIP ASSEMBLY. 90 DEG. ANGLE 
HINGE BASE (BLUM LARGE) 
Quantity 
15.1 #1 
15.1 #2 
15.1 #3 
15.1 #4 
15.1 #5 
15.1 #6 
15.1 #7 
15.1 #8 
15.1 #9 
15.1 #10 
15.1 #11 
15.1 #12 
15.1 #13 
15.1 #14 
15.1 #15 
15.1 #16 
15.1 #17 
15.1 #18 
15.1 #19 
15.1 #20 
15.1 #2I 
15.1 #22 
15.1 #23 
15.1 #24 
15.1 #25 
15.1 /426 
15.1 #27 
15.1 #28 
15.1 #29 
15.1 #30 
15.1 #3I 
15.1 #32 
15.1 #33 
15.1 #34 
15.1 #35 
15.1 #36 
15.1 #37 
15.1 #38 
15.1 #39 
15.1 #40 
15.1 #4I 
15.1 #42 
15.1 #43 
15.1 #44 
15.1 #45 
15.1 /446 
15.1 #47 
15.1 #48 
15.1 #49 
15.1 #51 
I233-F-2191-I0 
100-1021-30 
100-1021-50 
PE9079 
PI8350-001 
ST03238AT-D 
GPM004001402-301 
27498-001 
27498-006 
GAC830T3 
M24308/4-3F 
M24308/2-3F 
DB115339-22 
27498-006 
GPM004001714-301 
27498-001 
27498-008 
hIS27473T12F3S 
M85049/49-2-12N 
N1S27473T16F55S 
M85049/49-2-161C 
N1S27473T18F35S 
M85049/49-2-181C 
27500-010 
500-35750-101 
PI6917-001 
GAR540BY16 
GAR540BY22 
D20419 
GAC861AH424S 
GAB511AB6B5 
GAB511AB6B6 
GAB511AB6B7 
GAB511AB6B8 
GABSIIAB6B4 
GAB5I [ABM 
GAN510AA6 
GAB511AB6B5 
GAB511AB6B5 
GAS830AJ2 
GAS830All I 
GA11051110-08 
GAT8051118-3B 
GA11051118-36 
GA11051118-08 
324484 
GAT805P8-08 
GAT8051110-3A 
5684-01 
173H7100 
100 
100 
IS 
I00 
100 
100 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 25 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811165
--- PAGE 26 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
15.1 #52 
GA436-5/3 
PANEL ASSY-CONSOLE BLANK 
(COLOR GREY) 
15.1 #53 
NAS1581K4R6 
BOLT 
15.1 #54 
110872 
TNC CONNECTOR, STRAIGHT PLUG 
15.1 #55 
M24308/2-1F 
RCPT, D-SUB, 9-SOCKET 
I 
15.1 #56 
GAR835NK1 
RELAY 
I 
15.1 #57 
65009-001-513 
SOCKET 
I 
15.1 #58 
CTJ716E01D-513 
DEU COMPOSITE TERMINATION 
SYSTEM 
15.1 #59 
1-480698-0 
PLUG 
15.1 #60 
ABMM-A-C 
CABLE, TIE MOUNT 
15.1 #61 
1032.119-24 B/R 
INSERT, THREADED 
15.1 #62 
225791-3 
INSERT, SIZES FOR RG188 
15.1 #63 
P18350-001 
TERRETR1AL MODEM ANTENNA 
I 
15.1 #64 
D38999/26FD19SN 
CONNECTOR, PLUG 
I 
15.1 #65 
D38999/26FC4PN 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 #66 
AS21919WDG23 
CLAMP 
I 
15.1 #67 
M53367-1-9 
STRAP. TY WRAP 
1.000 
15.1 #68 
NAS1802-3-13P 
SCREW, HEX HD, CRUCIFORM REC. 
FULL THD, A286 CRES 
15.1 #69 
NAS1802-3-8P 
SCREW 
15.1 #70 
hIS210421.3 
NUT 
15.1 #71 
NA51149F0332P 
WASHER. FLAT STEEL 
15.1 #72 
NAS1802-3-10P 
SCREW. HEX HD, CRUCIFORM REC, 
FULL THD. A286 CRES 
15.1 #73 
hIS27039C0807 
SCREW-MACHINE. CRES PAN HD, 
STRI. 
15.1 #74 
NA51149FN832P 
WASHER. FLAT STEEL 
15.1 #75 
M525083-7BB11 
JUMPER, BONDING CNT 
I 
15.1 #76 
310701 
CABLE, COAX 
15.1 #77 
CTR002 
PLUG, TNC, 90 DEGREE 
I 
15.1#78 
BTS002 
RCPT,TNC BULKHEAD 
I 
15.1 #79 
2-139N602-70 
-RING 
15.1 #80 
E1257-70/2-0I5 
RING RUBBER 
15.1 #81 
NAS1580C3T12 
BOLT 
15.1 #82 
BTS002 
RCPT,TNC BULKHEAD 
I 
15.1 #83 
CTR022 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 #84 
27500-044 
SWITCH 
I 
15.1 #85 
C75-520/20 
CONTACT 
15.1 #86 
XP-610 
PRINTER, EPSON 
I 
15.1 #87 
ABMM-A-C 
CABLE, TIE MOUNT 
15.1 #88 
M24308/4-1F 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 #89 
MS35207-269 
SCREW 
15.1 #90 
D436-36 
SLEEVE 
200 
15.1 #91 
GAC860K-1 
END CAP, WHITE 
300 
15.1 #92 
324485 
WIRE END CAPS 
150 
15.1 #93 
GAC860K-3 
END CAP-BLUE 
100 
15.1 #94 
GAC860K-4 
END CAP (YELLOW) 
100 
15.1 #95 
CTS002 
PLUG, TNC, STRAIGHT 
I 
15.1 #96 
CTS022 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 #97 
GARI00B2B0031 
RUBBER .031 SHEET 
15.1 #98 
MS35207-260 
SCREW 
15.1 #99 
MS35207-262 
SCREW 
15.1 #100 
MS35207-264 
SCREW 
15.1 #101 
MS35207-266 
SCREW, MACH, PAN HEAD, CROSS 
REC, CARBON STL, CADMIUM PLD 
15.1 #102 
GANIOW1032 
NUT 
100 
15.1 #103 
NAS1149D0316H 
WASHER 
100 
15.1 #104 
NAS1149F0363P 
WASHER. FLAT STEEL 
100 
For detail description of the work complied with sec the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 26 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811166
--- PAGE 27 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
15.1 4105 
NAS1149F0332P 
WASHER. FLAT STEEL 
100 
15.1 4106 
GAS805K3 
SPLICE 
15.1 #107 
GAC860N08 
CAP D300-08 
15.1 #108 
GAC860N12 
CAP 
15.1 #109 
GAC860N18 
CAP, SPLICE 
15.1 #110 
VS-08-RJ45-5-(//1P20 
CONNECTOR, RJ45 (GRAY) 
15.14/111 
M81969-1-01 
INSERT/EXTRACT GREENAYHITE 
METAL 
15.1 #112 
91066-4 
EXTRACTOR TOOL 
15.1#113 
M81969-14-0I 
EXTRACTOR, GREENPNHITE 
PLASTIC 
15.1 #114 
M81969/14-10 
TOOL, ORANGE/RED INSERTION 
AND EXTRACTION 
15.1 #115 
M15570-22-I 
TOOL 
15.1 #116 
hIS27039C1-12 
SCREW. PAN HEAD, X RECESSED 
15.1#117 
294-541 
EXTRACTOR, AMOHENOL 
I 
15.1 WI III 
GARI00B2B0063 
RUBBER .063 SHEET 
15.1 #119 
1159AV33022-5 
CIRCUIT BREAKERASSEMBLY 
(ESDS MATERIAL) 
15.1 #120 
58T-101 
EATON EXTRACTION TOOL 
15.1 #121 
43031-0009 
PIN 
15.1 #122 
90401566 
KA-BAND AIRCRAFT NETWORK 
I 
DATA UNIT (KANDU) 
15.1.5#1 
GC524980001-121 
BRACKET ASSEMBLY 
15.1.5 #2 
14524694555 
SCREW, 100 DEGREE CSK 
STRUCTURAL 
15.1.5 43 
M527039-I-04 
SCREW, PAN HEAD MACHINE 
15.1.5 44 
GSM805001267-10 I 
ANGLE 
15.1.5 45 
GSM806002351-101 
BRACKET 
15.1.5 46 
CB200-40 
ADHESIVE, ACRYLIC (DUAL PACK 
CARTRIDGE) PLUNGER PLA050-10 
ML 
15.1.5 47 
021200-50009 
NOZZLE, STATIC MLXER, SHORT 
100 
GOLD NOZZLE FOR 1.5OZ 
15.1.5 48 
CCS1005-09-48.00 
ANGLE 
15.1.5 49 
CCS1005-33-48.00 
ANGLE 
15.1.5 410 
NAS1836-06-10 
INSERT 
15.1.5 411 
MS35206-226 
SCREW 
15.1.5 412 
TC141 
BRACKET, TIE
-DOWN 
15.1.5 413 
MS21266-7T 
GROMMET, PLASTIC, EDGING 
15.1.5 414 
M53339-4-9 
PLATE MOUNTING 
15.1.5 415 
NIS20470A4-5N RED 
RIVET 
15.1.5 416 
NASI149DN832J 
WASHER 
15.1.5 417 
GAB51IGA3-4 
BOLT 
100 
15.1.5 418 
GAB51IGA3-6 
BOLT 
100 
15.1.5 419 
GAB51IGA3-7 
HI-BOLT 
100 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
15.1.1 41 
REF.. M. Eddy, 15.1.1, 3.0 hrs, 11/27 -12103/2017 
1.00 
15.1.1 42 
REF.. Eddy. 15.1.1, 3 HRS, 11/27 - 12/03 
1.00 
15.1.2 41 
AETS. Molnar. .15.1.2, 1.0 hrs, 1)22 -112812018 
1.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 27 of 64 
Printed: 3/712018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811167
--- PAGE 28 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 15.1.1 
Waiting 
approval 
Avionics Engineering Labor Avionics 
(L/P/S) 
Step: 15.1.2 
Waiting 
approval 
Mech Engr Labor Avionics 
(L/P/S) 
Step: 15.13 
Waiting 
approval 
AVI Systems Test Labor Only 
(L/P/S) 
Step: 15.1.4 
Waiting 
approval 
AVI /Electrical Labor Only 
(L/P/S) 
Step: 15.1.5 
Waiting 
approval 
AVI Sheet Metal Labor Only 
(L/P/S) 
Step: 15.1.5.1 
Completed 
Lightly scuff sanded 5" area around routed area. then cleaned area with cheese cloth 
and isopropyl alcohol. 
Cut and impregnated 3 plies of 120 style fiberglass cloth with 828 resin. Applied 
impregnated fiberglass on routed area and vacuum bagged and 24 inches of mercury. 
Let dwell for 1 hour and heat cured at 140 for 4 hours. 
After cure sanded excess resin smooth to blend new plies into original contour. 
Reference engineers dispo ## 15.8.1.1 
Step: 15.1.6 
Completed 
INT Support (R&R) Labor Only 
Step: 15.1.7 
Waiting 
approval 
SC Ntaintenancefflangar / Primary Codes /Touch Labor Only 
(L/P/S) 
Step: 15.1.8 
Waiting 
approval 
SC Paint Labor Only 
(L/P/S) 
Step: 15.1.9 
Waiting 
approval 
Inspection Labor Only 
(L/P/S) 
Step: 15.1.10 
Waiting 
approval 
Weight and Balance Labor Only 
(L/P/S) 
Item: 
KA BAND HARNESS FABRICATION 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model 8: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 
ASC 085A X61 Weather Installation - (Ref. Item B 2.3 of Proposal ID# 7038248 R02) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model ft: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSNJCSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksinvoice.rpt v3 
Page 28 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811168
--- PAGE 29 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 17.1 
ASC 085A XN1 Weather Installation 
This Service Change installs an antenna, receiver, two (2) data ports and associated wiring for the XM satellite 
weather system. 
Either a fore or an aft installation may be selected based on aircraft configuration. 
Aircraft that are provisioned for XM installation may require an engineering review to complete the installation. 
Provisions may include wiring, antenna, receiver, data ports or any combination of these components and are 
typically 
installed during completion. 
Prerequisites: 
ASC 908 - PlaneView Master Operating Software System Software Update (Cert Fox) 
Prior to. or at the time this ASC is ordered, operators will be required to supply a configuration report of the 
Central Maintenance Computer (CMC). 
The CMC report can be stored on the aircraft PC laptop then electronically submitted to Culfstream at 
asc.softwareCrgulfstream.com. 
Allow three (3) to five (5) days for the CMC report review and up to twenty-one (21) days for the creation of a 
new 
Options Data disk. 
Effectivity: This Service Change is applicable to aircraft Serial Numbers 5001 - subsequent. 
Notes: 
Interior access to perform this installation is not included in the kit price. 
Aircraft configuration. installation location of the system and availability 
of spare wiring may impact labor 
hours, 
amount of access required and could necessitate additional engineering. 
This ASC is a managed program. Incorporation must be coordinated through Culfstream Aircraft Scheduling 
at 
800-810-GULF (4853) or 912-965-4178. 
If not scheduled, aircraft downtime could increase significantly. 
This Service Change may only be installed at a Culfstream Aerospace facility. 
Resolution: Complied with ASC 085A XM Weather Installation 
Ref Item 17.2 CN1P 970851 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$16,060.00 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
563,940.00 
Total USD: 
480,000.00 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
17.1 #1 
A.SC0S5A-1 GSSP 
KIT, XM SATELLITE WEATHER 
I 
INSTALLATION, 5001-SUB(KIT 
ONLY) 
17.182 
RGI42Bill 
COAX 
17.1#3 
HET-A-02C 
FERRULE, SHIELD 
17.1 #4 
PLC1.51-58 
TYRAP 
17.1 #5 
BTS722 
RCPT, RFTNC 
I 
17.1 #6 
CTS722 
CONNECTOR 
17.1 #8 
M24308/4-IF 
CONNECTOR 
I 
17.189 
GAC835MR20S 
CONTACT 
17.1#10 
CSS722 
PLUG, ShIA, STRAIGHT 
17.1 #11 
CSR722 
PLUG, SMA,90° 
I 
17.1 #12 
CTS722 
CONNECTOR 
I 
17.1 #13 
NIS21919WDG2 
CLAMP 
17.1 #14 
NIS21919WDG4 
CLAMP PTYPE-CUSHIONED,IM IN 
17.1#15 
NIS21919WDG3 
CLAMP PTYPE-CUSHIONED,3116 
INCH 
17.1 #16 
DCR-IA-05 
RAIL 
I 
17.1 #18 
GAN IOW 1032 
NUT 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 29 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811169
--- PAGE 30 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LW. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
17.1 819 
GATIIF-BR3-I0A 
TERMINAL INSTALL, ELEC 
GROUNDING AND BONDING 
17.1821 
ABI4-SA 
LUG,TERMINAL-ELEC 
17.1822 
GATIIF-BR3-I0A 
TERMINAL INSTALL, ELEC 
GROUNDING AND BONDING 
17.1 823 
A10086 
TIE-DEX BAND 
17.1824 
AS21919WDG08 
CLAMP. LOOP 
17.1 825 
NASI802-3-14P 
SCREW (AP) 
17.1826 
NASI802-3-8P 
SCREW 
17.1 #27 
58T-101 
EATON EXTRACTION T(Xli. 
Item: 18 
ASC 912 and ASC 123 Planeview MOS Upgrade - (Ref. Item B 2.4 of Proposal ID# 7038248 R02) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
ParttModcl #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSWISO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 18.1 
ASC 912 and ASC 123 Planeview MOS Upgrade 
ASC 912: 
This Service Change (ASC 912) installs the Planeview Master Operating System (MOS) software Media Part 
Number 
(PN) MM7031235-024. 
ASC 123: 
This Service Change (ASC 123) loads a combination of new and existing software based on current aircraft 
configuration. 
Prerequisites: 
Submit an APN1 Settings & Riggings form 
ASC 910 - Planeview MOS Software Update or later; or production equivalent is the minimum cert level 
required. 
Prior to. or at the time this ASC is ordered, operators will be required to supply a configuration report of the 
Central Maintenance Computer (CMC). 
The CMC report can be stored on the aircraft PC laptop then electronically submitted to C airstream at 
asc.software(it gulfstream.com. 
Operators utilizing Custom Electronic Checklist (ECL) must order new software. Prior to. or at the time this 
ASC is 
ordered, software may be ordered from the Custom ECL page on NlyCulfstream.com 
Concurrent Requirements: ASC 912 and ASC 123 are complied with in conjunction. 
Effectivity: This Service Change is applicable to aircraft Serial Numbers 5001 - 5549. This, or a similar change. 
will be 
installed during initial phase manufacturing on aircraft Serial Numbers 5550 and subsequent. 
Notes: 
Aircraft that do not meet the prerequisite minimum level for modification may utilize drawing 11595857083 to 
meet the requirements of ASC 107 and ASC 910. This drawing may only be used concurrently with ASC 123 and 
ASC 912. 
Aircraft utilizing drawing 1159SB57083 to meet the prerequisite minimum requirements of ASC 107 and AM' 
910 
are part of a managed program conducted by Product Support Program Management (PSPM). 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH ASC 912 and ASC 123 Planeview MOS Upgrade 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
53,306.00 
Parts USD: 
No Charge 
N/ C 
Total USD: 
53,306.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 30 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811170
--- PAGE 31 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.1 81 
ASC912-I GSSP 
18.1 82 
ASC123-I GSSP 
KIT, INDICATING/ RECORDING 
$0.00 
$0.00 
PLANEVIEW MOS UPDATE, 
5001-5549 
KIT, INDICATING/RECORDING 
$0.00 
$0.00 
PLANEV1EW AVIONICS 
ENHANCEMENTS. 5001-5549 
Item: 19 
Reveneer Woodwork - (Ref. Item A 1.1 of Proposal ID# 7039407 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Part/Model 8: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 19.1 
Reveneer Woodwork 
The existing veneer covered components will be removed from the aircraft and stripped of all veneer surfaces, 
hardwood caps. and nosing. 
All substrate will be cleaned and prepped for application of new selected veneer with corresponding hardwood 
caps and nosing. 
Modifications or repairs to any substrate material or structural hardware will be evaluated and addressed on a 
time and material basis. 
All the existing latches will be cleaned and retained. New hardware. if requested. will be addressed on a time and 
materials basis. 
New Customer Selected Veneer will be applied to the existing substrates. 
The new veneer will be finished with Gulfstreant standard III-BIL clear coat finish and polished to a 
predetermined luster. 
All applicable internal surfaces will be cleaned and retained in existing condition. Painting or recovering of the 
internal surfaces will he addressed on a time and materials basis. 
Inlays of any type such as wood. metal. or stone inlays are not included in this proposal. Existing inlays will be 
evaluated on a case-by-case basis and addressed on a time and materials basis. 
Burn certification is predicated upon the existing substrates meeting all the FAA flammability requirements. 
Gu[(stream is not responsible for any existing materials meeting burn requirements. 
The recovered doors, panels, and cabinetry will be reassembled and installed in aircraft. All adjustments will be 
made to ensure correct fit and function. 
Equipment relocation is not part of this proposal and will be addressed on a time and materials basis. 
***SEE APPENDIX FOR ADDITIONAL INFO*" 
Resolution: Ref steps 19.2 thru 19.23, For details of veneer covered components that were removed from the aircraft and stripped of 
all veneer surfaces, hardwood caps, and nosing. Reveneered and new hardwood caps and nosings were completed with 
customer approved materials. Ref R&I for details of reinstallation 
REF 19.24 and 19.30 for Veneer & Hardwood Flammability 
Notes: 
Staining or Tinting Finish to achieve a specific color or grain pattern is not included in this proposal. Any finish other 
than natural will be evaluated and addressed on a time and materials basis. 
This proposal includes Natural Wood Veneer. Composite Veneer (due to ordering limitations) may require Gulfstream 
to purchase additional sheets of that product. Should additional sheets will be required: the Customer will be advised of 
the additional charges. 
Sharp radiuses on ledges and other cabinetry that are covered with veneer will require additional labor charges and 
will be accomplished on a time and materials basis. 
Proposal is based on reusing all applicable substrate and componentry. 
All plating will be accomplished on a time and materials basis. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
Parts USD: 
Flat Rate 
5169.036.00 
$68.984.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 31 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811171
--- PAGE 32 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
&niers USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Flat Rate 
Part number: 
Description 
5470,155.00 
5706,175.00 
Quantity 
19.1 #1 
M520-01437 
STAIN, RAW UMBER PENETRATING 
19.1 #2 
M520-2247 
MOHAWK BLACK ULTRA 
PENETRATING STAIN 
19.1 #3 
M520-00017 
REDUCER, ULTRA PENETRATING 
STAIN, GALLON 
19.1 #4 
P63563A 
LEX EDGE OUTDOR SOYD. 
19.1 45 
P77709A 
INTENSE RED (FOIL) 
19.1 #6 
P77685A 
91M FX BLACK SPOT FOIL GERBER 
EDGE GSP 
19.1 #7 
P77753A 
PLACARD, RUBY RED GERBER 
I 
FOIL 
19.1 kt1 
T1310-14 
TRANSFER RITE 1310 UTRACLEAR 
TAPE 14" x 100 VD 
19.1 #9 
GSE150717-1LP 
QTR FIG DARK EUCALYPTUS 
1,139 
19.1 #10 
P65580A 
GERBER 1MAGECAST, CLEAR, IS 
IN/38CM-P 
19.1 #11 
1357 NEUTRAL 5GAL 
ADHESIVE CEMENT, 5GAL, 
I 
GAA100AU1 
19.1 #12 
923450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #13 
929-91-3.5L 
HARDENER,GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #14 
352-91 GAL 
REDUCER 
19.1 #15 
8-4QTR-SAWN-MOZAMBK HARD WOOD QTR SAWN 
150 
MOZAMBIQUE 
19.1 #20 
MS2469456 
SCREW 
19.1 #21 
NIS24694S6 
SCREW 
19.1 #22 
hIS35206-226 
SCREW 
19.1423 
222S 
PAINT-MID-COAT ADHESION 
PROMOTER 
19.1 #24 
NAS1149FN832P 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL 
100 
19.1425 
GSE150717-1LP 
QTR FIG DARK EUCALYPTUS 
126 
19.1 #26 
DMA50 
DISPENSING GUN KIT FOR 50hIL 
EPDXY CARTRIDGES 
19.1427 
hIEGM10001 
PRO SPEED COMPOUND 
19.1 #28 
P65580A 
GERBER IMAGECAST, CLEAR, IS 
IN/38CM-P 
19.1 #29 
1357 NEUTRAL 5GAL 
ADHESIVE CEMENT, SGAL, 
GAA100AU1 
19.1 430 
923450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1432 
923450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #33 
923450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #34 
929-93 
GLASURIT HARDNER (35 LITER) 
19.1#35 
929-91-3.5L 
HARDENER,GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #36 
P77788A 
WHITE (FOIL! 
I 
19.1 #37 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1 #38 
CA40 
ADHESIVE I OZ 
19.1#39 
PRONTO SURFACE 
ACTIVATOR 
19.1 #45 
923460GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
I 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 32 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811172
--- PAGE 33 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Description 
Quantity 
19.1 #47 
437-2263 
PRIMER, IN WC EXTUFF (5 GAL 
PAIL) 
19.1 #46 
923-4S0GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #48 
923-45061 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #49 
923-450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #50 
923-450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1#51 
923-450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #52 
923-450 ;L 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1#53 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER,GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #54 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER, GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #55 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER,GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #56 
832J16-2IBR 
INSERT 
19.1 #57 
400 EVERCOAT 
EVERCOAT FILLER 
19.1 #58 
GMS5005-I QT 
EPDXY PRIMER COATING (TYPE I) 
3012 QUART KIT (44GN011 QK) 
19.1 #59 
282.01.701 
SUPPORT, SHELF 
19.1#611 
PRONTO SURFACE 
ACTIVATOR 
19.1 #63 
923450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #64 
DMD1684/GL 
PAINT, DELTRON BASECOAT 
WHITE 
19.1 #65 
DMD1683IGL 
PAINT, DELTRON BASECOAT 
BLACK 
19.1 #66 
CA8000KICKER QT 
PAINT KICKER 
19.1 #67 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER, GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #68 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER, GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #69 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER, GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #70 
522-10 
ACCELERATOR, DRYING ADDITIVE 
19.1 #71 
522-10 
ACCELERATOR, DRYING ADDITIVE 
19.1 #72 
352-91 GAL 
REDUCER 
19.1 #73 
GMS5005-I QT 
EPDXY PRIMER COATING (TYPE I) 
3012 QUART KIT (44GN011 QK) 
19.1 #74 
hIEGNI10001 
PRO SPEED COMPOUND 
19.1 #75 
M524693-C26 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT 
COUNTERSUNK HD. 100 DEG. 
CROSS RECESS 
19.1 #76 
MS24694-53 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
100 DEG, STRL, CROSS RECESSED 
19.1 #77 
22001-15 
ISOLATOR 
19.1 #78 
MS27039-1-6 
SCREW 
143 
19.1 #79 
MS27039-1-09 
SCREW, MACHINE PAN HEAD 
150 
STRUCTURAL 
19.1 #80 
NAS1149F0332P 
WASHER. FLAT STEEL 
100 
19.1 #81 
NAS6603-7 
BOLT-HEX HEAD, CLOSE 
TOLERANCE 
19.1 #82 
AN970-3 
WASHER. FLAT 
19.1 #83 
M527039-1-06 
SCREW-MACHINE,PAN HEAD 
19.1 #84 
1032J19-24 B/R 
INSERT. THREADED 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawkslnvoice.rpt v3 
Page 33 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811173
--- PAGE 34 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
19.1 #ss 
NAS6603-6 
BOLT, HEX HEAD, CLOSE 
TOLERANCE 
19.1 #86 
CA40 
ADHESIVE I OZ 
19.1 #87 
PRONTO SURFACE 
ACTIVATOR 
19.1 #88 
GAPIO5A15C 
KYDEX 100(#62015) IVORY-.060 
I 
19.1 #89 
151.01.710 
FLUSH HANDLE 
I 
19.1 #90 
NAS1149D0332K 
WASHER. FLAT ANODIZED 
ALUMINUM 
19.1 #91 
NAS1149D0363H 
WASHER 
19.1 #92 
1159F57355-3 
BRACKET AS.SY 
19.1 #94 
GAG8106H3 
GASKET, U.S. 100% INSPECTED 
19.1 #95 
GAG8106H3 
GASKET, U.S. 100% INSPECTED 
19.1 #96 
MS24693-530 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT 
COUNTERSUNK HD, 100 DEG, 
CROSS RECESS 
19.1 #97 
MS24693-532 
SCREW, COUNTERSINK-I00 
DEGREE 
19.1 #98 
MS24665-300 
COTTER PIN 
19.1 #99 
NAS1580C3T17 
BOLT 
19.1.5 #2 
NAS1611-015A 
-RING 
19.1.5 #3 
NASM24665-I53 
COTTER PIN 
19.1.5#4 
NAS1611-013A 
-RING 
' 
19.1.5 #8 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5#9 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 DZ 
19.1.5 #10 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #11 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #12 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #13 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #14 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #15 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #16 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #17 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
I 
19.1.8.6 #1 
M52469456 
SCREW 
19.1.8.6 #2 
M52469456 
SCREW 
IS 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
19.1 #1 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.13 #1 
Vendor Supplied Labor SAPS 
1.00 
19.1.4 #1 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #2 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #3 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #4 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #5 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #6 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #7 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #8 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #9 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #11 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 34 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811174
--- PAGE 35 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO it: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 19.1.1 
Completed 
AV1 /Electrical Labor Only 
Step: 19.1.2 
Completed 
INT Sheet Metal Labor Only 
Step: 19.13 
Completed 
Wood Labor Only (270 ) 
Deducted 270 hours from the original 1897 hours for vendor supplied labor (SAPS) 
Step: 19.1.4 
Completed 
INT Finish and Paint Labor Only 
Total Hours 1186 
Outside Labor for 11/27 to 12/6 
197 hrs 
Outside Labor for 12/4 to 12/10 208 hrs 
Outside Labor for 12/11 to 12/17 58 hrs 
Outside Labor for 12118 to 12124 40 hrs 
Outside Labor for 1/2 to 1/7 90 hrs 
Outside Labor for 1/8 to 1/14 180 hrs 
Outside Labor for 1/15 to 1/21 120hrs 
Outside Labor for 1122 to 1/28 180hrs 
Outside Labor for1/29 to 214 60 hrs 
Outside Labor for2/5 to VII 50 hrs 
Step: 19.1.5 
Completed 
NT Support (R&R) Labor Only 
Step: 19.1.5.1 
Completed 
****VOID**** Entere din wrong section 
Removed all old sealant from the outboard edges of the MED entn way fwd and aft 
bulkhead veneer pieces per .A3134 G550 20-4240 March 31/17. The edges are taped and 
are ready to be scaled. 
Step: 19.1.5.2 
Completed 
*****VOID*** ENT in wrong section ref 
Applied PR 1440 BI/2 sealant to M.E.D. aft bulkhead veneer closeout at 01:00 on 
3/1/2018 per 6550 AMM 20-42-00 March 31/17. 
Step: 19.1.6 
Completed 
Inspection Labor Only 
Step: 19.1.7 
Completed 
Flammability t Placards Labor Only 
Step: 19.1.8 
Completed 
Wood Shop Labor to Strip Existing Veneer. 
Step: 19.1.8.1 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - RH and LH 680 Bulkheads and Door. 
Step: 19.1.8.2 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT LAN' Niche and Shroud. 
Step: 19.1.8.3 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT Lay Vanity 
Step: 19.1.8.4 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT LH Closet. 
Step: 19.1.8.5 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT RH Closet. 
Step: 19.1.8.6 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT LH Galley. 
Step: 19.1.8.7 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT RH Galley Annex. 
Step: 19.1.8.8 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - 4 Divan End Cabinets. 
Step: 19.1.8.9 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -Cabin Ledges. 
Step: 19.1.8.10 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - Console Tables. 
Step: 19.1.8.11 
Completed 
Strip Veneer- FWD Pocket Door. 
Step: 19.1.8.12 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - FWD RH and 1.11 Cabin Bulkheads. 
Step: 19.1.8.13 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - PSU Handrails. 
Step: 19.1.8.14 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - FWD Crew Refresh Cabinet. 
Step: 19.1.8.15 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - FWD RH Lay. 
Step: 19.1.8.16 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - REER and LEER panels. 
Step: 19.1.8.17 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -Acoustic Door. 
Step: 19.1.8.18 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - Entry Panels (2) 
Step: 19.1.8.19 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - AFT LAV Door. 
Step: 19.1.8.20 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - FWD Lav Door. 
Step: 19.1.8.21 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - Magazine Racks. 
Step: 19.1.9 
Completed 
Wood Shop Labor to Reveneer Cabinets. 
Step: 19.1.9.1 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -1.11 and RH 680 Bulkheads and Door. 
Step: 19.1.9.2 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - AFT LAV Niche and Shroud. 
Step: 19.1.9.3 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT Lay Vanity. 
Step: 19.1.9.4 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT LH Closet. 
Step: 19.1.9.5 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT RH Closet. 
Step: 19.1.9.6 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT LH Galley. 
Step: 19.1.9.7 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT RH GalleyAnnex. 
Step: 19.1.9.8 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - 4 Divan End Cabinets. 
Step: 19.1.9.9 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -Cabin Ledges. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 35 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811175
--- PAGE 36 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - FWD Pocket Door. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - FWD LH and RH Bulkheads. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - PSU Hand Rails. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - FWD Crew Refresh Cabinet. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - FWD RH Lay. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - LEER and Reer Panels. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - Acoustic Doors. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - Entry Bulkheads (2) 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT Lav Door. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - FWD Lay Door. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - Console Tables. 
Completed 
1.abor to Veneer - Magazine Racks. 
Completed 
Wood Shop Labor to Assemble Cabinets. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - LH and RH 680 Bulkheads and Door. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble -AFT Lay Niche and Shroud. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - AFT Lay Vanity. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble -AFT LH Closet. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble - AFT RH Closet. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - AFT LH Galley. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - AFT RH Galley Annex. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble - 4 Divan End Cabinets. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - Cabin Ledges. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble - Console tables. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble - FWD Pocket Door. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble - FWD LH and RH Cabin Bulkheads. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - FWD Crew Refresh Cabinet. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - FWD RH Lim 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - Leer and Reer Panels. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - Acoustic Doors. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - AFT Lay Door. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - FWD Lay Door. 
Completed 
***Entered in Error******* 
Flammability Data. 
Completed 
Removal/Install of R/H #1 and R/H #2 E-windows required for access for interior 
installation. As per 6550 AMM 52-22-00 Rev Nov 15/17. 
Step: 19.1.9.10 
Step: 19.1.9.11 
Step: 19.1.9.12 
Step: 19.1.9.13 
Step: 19.1.9.14 
Step: 19.1.9.15 
Step: 19.1.9.16 
Step: 19.1.9.17 
Step: 19.1.9.18 
Step: 19.1.9.19 
Step: 19.1.9.20 
Step: 19.1.9.21 
Step: 19.1.10 
Step: 19.1.10.1 
Step: 19.1.10.2 
Step: 19.1.10.3 
Step: 19.1.10.4 
Step: 19.1.10.5 
Step: 19.1.10.6 
Step: 19.1.10.7 
Step: 19.1.10.8 
Step: 19.1.10.9 
Step: 19.1.10.10 
Step: 19.1.10.11 
Step: 19.1.10.12 
Step: 19.1.10.13 
Step: 19.1.10.14 
Step: 19.1.10.15 
Step: 19.1.10.16 
Step: 19.1.10.17 
Step: 19.1.10.18 
Step: 19.1.11 
Step: 19.1.12 
Step: 19.1.12.1 
Step: 19.1.12.2 
Step: 19.1.12.3 
Step: 19.1.12.4 
Step: 19.1.12.5 
Step: 19.1.12.6 
Step: 19.1.13 
R/H #1 P/N 1159SCCE500-23 S/N 0702030 
R/H #2 P/N 1159SCCE500-23 S/N 0701885 
Completed 
Removed FUH #1 and R/H #2 E-windows for access for interior installation. As per 
6550 .AMM 52-22-00 Rev Noy 15/17. 
FUN #1 P/N II 59SCCE500-23 S/N 0702030 
FUN #2 P/N 1159SCCE500-23 S/N 0701885 
Completed 
Install of R/H #1 and Rill #2 E-windows for access for interior installation. As per G550 
AMM 52-22-00 Rev Nov 15/17. 
Ref.11.141. 11.142 
Rill #1 P/N 1159SCCE500-23 S/N 0702030 
RAF #2 P/N 1159SCCE500-23 SIN 0701885 
Completed 
CMP G550 562115 Cabin Windows- Leak Check 
Ref.11.143 
Completed 
CMP G550 560001 Emergency Window Release Mechanism - Functional Test 
Ref.11.144 
Completed 
CMP 6550 304110 CABIN WINDOW HEAT - 0PS TEST 
Ref.11.145 
Completed 
E-window #2 is out of limits on emergency window release mechanism - fuctional test. 
inside pull is at 42. and outside pull is at 65. 
Completed 
Summary: 
Removed all old sealant from the outboard edges of the MED entry way fwd and aft 
bulkhead veneer pieces per AMM G550 20-42-00 March 31/17. The edges are taped and 
are ready to be scaled. 
see sub-steps below 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksinvoicc.rpt v3 
Page 36 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811176
--- PAGE 37 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 19.1.13.1 
Completed 
Applied PR 1440 8112 sealant to M.E.D. aft bulkhead 'veneer closeout at 01:00 on 
3/1/2018 per 6550 AMM 20-42-00 March 31/17. 
Step: 19.1.13.2 
Completed 
Applied PR 1440 B1/2 sealant to M.E.D. fwd bulkhead veneer closeout at 4:30pm on 
3/1/2018 per 6550 AMM 20-42-00 March 31/17. 
Step: 19.1.14 
Completed 
Permanently install MED airstair upper handrail bolts where handrails attach to 
bulkheads (NA and aft). 
Item: 
Registration Change 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNITSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 20.1 
Comply with registration change as outlined in RSQCT-115 Rev. 12. Registration change to N2I2JE. 
Resolution: Complied with registration change as outlined in RSQCT-115 Rev. 12. 
Reference steps below and traveler paper copy index 013A for details of work performed. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
37.64 
@ 
$146.00 
$5,495.44 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
4.46 
® 
$146.00 
$651.16 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.63 
@ 
$222.00 
$1,027.86 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$31.80 
Total USD: 
$7,206.26 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
20.181 
CTS-S22/22 
CONTACT 
$0.51 
$15.30 
20.182 
GAS805IC2 
SPLICE 
50.22 
$6.60 
20.1 83 
GAC860K-2 
END CAP-RED 
$033 
49.90 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 37 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811177
--- PAGE 38 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO St: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 20.1.1 
Completed 
Customer requests that the Gulfstream (WA issue a replacement standard airworthiness 
certificate due to registration change. Provide to the ODA the following items: 
A. A copy of the workorder cover sheet with current hours and landings. 
B. Standard Airworthiness Certificate. FAA Form 8100-2. 
C. Certificate of Aircraft Registration. AC Form 8050-3. 
Step: 20.1.2 
Completed 
Require a written original statement signed by the registered owner or certificate 
opreator to request a replacement airworthiness certificate. The request shall include the 
registration number. serial number. make and model of the aircraft as well as the reason 
for the request. 
Step: 20.1.3 
Completed 
Review the aircraft records and inspect the aircraft to ensure the request is justified and 
the aircraft is eligible for the certification requested. Records review consists of 
verification that there are no open maintenance due actions or airworthiness directives. 
Aircraft inspection consists of a data plate and registration marking examination. with a 
visual review of the aircraft for obvious conditions impacting aircraft safety. 
Step: 20.1.4 
Completed 
Verify current aircraft registration. reference 14 CFR 47: Hard copy Registration AC: 
form 8050-3 for new registration number or Assignment of Special Registration Number 
AC form 81)50-64 alnd hard copy of old Registration AC Form 8050-3 8050-3 or Dealer 
Registration AC Form K050-6. 
Step: 20.1.5 
Completed 
Verify new registration number is installed on the aircraft. Ref: I4CFR 45.23, 45.25. 
45.29 & 4533. 
Step: 20.1.6 
Completed 
Verify aircraft ID plate installation. Ref: 14 CFR Part 45. 
Step: 20.1.7 
Completed 
FAA form 8100-2 issued for new registration number by Gulfstream ODA. 
Step: 20.1.8 
Completed 
If the customer defers Gulfstream ()DA issuance of a replacement airworthiness 
certificate. a Corridor squawk will be signed as deferred by the customer. Rref : 14 
CFR 91.203 (a) (1) 1
Step: 20.1.9 
Completed 
Re-strap/ Re-program transponders to new registration. (Transponders with Mode S) 
Step: 20.1.10 
Completed 
Re-Strap/Re- program SEI.CAl. to new code if ownership changes. 
Step: 20.1.11 
Completed 
Commission SATCOM for new ownership / or Re-Strap SDU for new registration 
number change. 
Step: 20.1.12 
Completed 
Reconfigure Magnastar. Aircell. & Iridium systems. 
Step: 20.1.13 
Completed 
Configure AFIS. New installation or registration number change. Re-strap via Laptop. 
Step: 20.1.14 
Completed 
Install new registration number placards in cockpit. 
Step: 20.1.15 
Completed 
Install(if new) SELCAL number in cockpit. 
Step: 20.1.16 
Completed 
Change logo on Airshow / Cabinview. if ownership changes. 
Step: 20.1.17 
Completed 
Re-strap or re-program ELT's (406MHZ) in aircraft ( As required to new registration 
and / or country code). 
Step: 20.1.18 
Completed 
Reconfigure High Speed Data Units or BBML. 
Step: 20.1.19 
Completed 
Reconfigure Display Controllers Tail number ISELCAL. 
Step: 20.1.20 
Completed 
Verify proper registration of ELT's (406MHZ) ( if installed in life rafts). 
Step: 20.1.21 
Completed 
Reconfigure the Enhanced Flight Identification Code to the current registration 
Step: 20.1.22 
Completed 
()plain a copy of the Export Certificate of Airworthiness. Foreign Airworthiness 
Certificates. all Foreign Registration Documents and archive with the workorder. 
Item: 
Month CNIP Tasks (Exhibit 1)-(Ref. Item C 1.1 of Proposal ID4 7039702 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model 8: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSNJCSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 21.1 
Accomplish 12 Month CNIP Tasks (Exhibit 1) 
Notes: 
Correction of discrepancies is not included in the quoted price. 
Materials / Outside Services will be billed as required. 
Resolution: Complied with 12 Month CMP Tasks. 
See squawks below for details of all work accomplished. 
(Complied with all required tasks for a 12 months/1C check) 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
liAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 38 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811178
--- PAGE 39 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$9,298.00 
Total USD: 
$9,298.00 
Discrepancy: 21.32 
CMP G550 312003 BATTERY, PILOT CLOCK 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 312003 BATTERY, PILOT CLOCK 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$2.63 
Total USD: 
$2.63 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
21.32 #1 
MN9I00 
BATTERY, LW SIZE N, DURACELL 
$2.63 
52.63 
Discrepancy: 21.33 
CMP G550 312004 BATTERY, COPILOT CLOCK 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 312004 BATTERY, COPILOT CLOCK 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$2.63 
Total USD: 
$2.63 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
2133 #1 
MN9100 
BATTERY, I.5V SIZE N. DURACELL 
$2.63 
52.63 
Discrepancy: 21.65 
CMP G550 381039 WATER STERILIZER 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 381039 WATER STERILIZER 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
No Charge 
N/C 
Pans USD: 
Tittic and Material 
$40.50 
Total USD: 
$40.50 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity  
Scll price USD 
I:mended l'til) 
21.65 #1 
02-190002-012 
WATER FILTER 0 -RIM; 
513.50 
$40.50 
Discrepancy: 21.67 
CAW G550 382002 Water Sterilizer Filter - Removal I Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 382002 Water Sterilizer Filter - Removal / Installation 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
No Charge 
N/ C 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$119.25 
Total USD: 
$119.25 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
21.67 #1 
06-133802-001 
FILTER, WATER 
$92.25 
$92.25 
21.67#2 
02-190002-018 
WATER FILTER 0 -RING 
$13.50 
$13.50 
21.67 #3 
02-190002-019 
WATER SYSTEM 0 -RING, FILTER 
$13.50 
$13.50 
SPACER 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 39 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811179
--- PAGE 40 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Item: 22 
Discrepancies related to 12 Month CMP Tasks (Exhibit 1) - (Ref. Item C 1.1 of Proposal ID# 7039702 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
ParUModel #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 23 
Miscellaneous CUP Tasks (Exhibit 3) - (Ref. Item C 1.3 of Proposal ID# 7039702 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 23.1 
Accomplish Miscellaneous CMP Tasks (Exhibit 3) 
Notes: 
O Correction of discrepancies is not included in the quoted price. 
O Materials / Outside Services will be billed as required. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$8,953.00 
Total USD: 
$8,953.00 
Discrepancy: 23.12 
CMP G550 282651 Main Fuel Boost Pump (Left) - Fuel Leak Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282651 Main Fuel Boost Pump (Left) - Fuel Leak Check 
TW 558064 
Date Due 08/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
No Charge 
N/ C 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
51.88 
Total USD: 
$1.88 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
23.12#1 
NAS1612-3A 
-RING. 0.188 INCH OD TUBING 
50.47 
41.88 
Discrepancy: 23.17 
CMP G550 323012 Landing Gear Emergency Extension Nitrogen Blow-down Bottle (Right) - (Hydrostatic) 
Functional Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 323012 Landing Gear Emergency Extension Nitrogen Blow-down Bottle (Right) -
(Hydrostatic) Functional Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
No ('barge 
N/ C 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$2.86 
Total USD: 
$2.86 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
23.17#1 
NAS1612-4A 
SEAL, 0.250 INCH OD TUBING 
5030 
50.60 
23.17 #2 
2-212 E0540-80 
SEAL-0 RING 
$1.13 
52.26 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoicc.rpt v3 
Page 40 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811180
--- PAGE 41 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 23.34 
CMP G550 262620 Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: EOMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262620 Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Removal / Installation 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
S3.15 
Total USD: 
S3.15 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
2334 MI 
14776 
STRAP AND CLAMP ASSY 
$3.15 
$3.15 
Discrepancy: 23.43 
CMP G550 351222 Passenger Oxygen Cylinder (No. 2)- Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 351222 Passenger Oxygen Cylinder (No.2)- Removal / Installation 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
No Charge 
NI C 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
S5.31 
Total USD: 
S5.31 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
23.43 in 
hIS21044C08 
NUT SELF LKG-CRES.PASS1VATED 
$0.41 
$0.41 
23.43 62 
hIS21044C3 
NUT 
$4.90 
$4.90 
Item: 24 
Discrepancies related to Miscellaneous CMPTasks (Exhibit 3) - (Ref. Item C 13 of Proposal ID# 7039702 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
ParttModcl 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 24.3 
Bruce Batts failed cap check and require replacement. Refer to items 31.1 and 33.1. 
Resolution: Ordered and recieved New Bruce Batts. 
Ref Items 23.35 and 23.37 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$2,810.64 
Total USD: 
$2,810.64 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
243 #1 
2013-BR 
BATTERY. EMERGENCY LIGHTS 
51,40532 
$2,810.64 
Discrepancy: 24.4 
(1) passanger 02 mask has a broken valve and (1) passenger 02 mask has a broken lanyard. Ref 23.44 
Resolution: Removed and replaced (2ea.) o2 masks. 
PN On/Off: 289-601-224-1 
Ref. G550 Atom 35-25-01 dated June 15,2016 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.50 
(t! 
5146.00 
S949.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoicc.rpt v3 
Page 41 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811181
--- PAGE 42 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$159.46 
Total USD: 
$1,108.46 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
24.4 #1 
289-601-224-I 
MASK 
579.73 
S159.46 
Discrepancy: 24.5 
One light bulb from "No smoking" light on cabin PSU #5 LI1 and One light bulb from "No smoking" light on 
cabin PSU #1 RH did not illuminate during test Ref. 23.44 
Resolution: Removed and replaced light bulb from "No smoking" light on cabin PSU #5 LH and light bulb from "No smoking" light 
on cabin PSU #1 RH. Ops ck good. 
PN on/off GE387 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
$3.50 
$3.50 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
24.5 #1 
GE387 
BULBS/A GE387 
5035 
$3.50 
Item: 
Replace all Main and Nose tires - (Ref. Item C 1.5 of Proposal ID# 7039702 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model 
AC Serial NoJTail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSNJCSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 25.1 
Remove and Replace all main and nose landing gear tires. 
Resolution: Summary: 
Removed all MLC wheel assemblies (4ea.) and NI.0 (2ea.) and routed to back shop for lire changes and NUT. reference 
items 34,35,36,37,38 and 39 for work performed in the back shop. Received wheels after tire change and installed on 
aircraft, Reference items 11.58 thru 11.61 for NILC wheel assembly WI CMPs and 11.93 and 11.94 for NLG w heel ass). 
R/I CMPs 
See steps below 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
fowl 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
52.686.00 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
515.350.00 
Total USD: 
518,036.00 
Step: 25.1.1 
Completed 
Removed main wheels (4) and routed to back shop. Ref items 11.58 thru 11.61 
Step: 25.1.2 
Completed 
Removed nose wheels per 6550 CNIP 324001 and G550 CMP 324002 and routed to back 
shop for tire replacement. 
Step: 25.1.3 
Completed 
Installed red wheels on NLG per AMM 6550 32-41-01 rev 3131/17 
TW: 560296 Cal Due: 04/18 
Step: 25.1.4 
Completed 
Removed IJH and R/H NLG red wheels. Received ok to install and Installed L/H NLG 
Wheel Assy P/N 1159150400-37 SiN 508117 per CMP 6550 324002. Received ok to 
install and installed R/H NLG Wheel Assy P/N 1159/50400-37 S/N 508217 per ChIP 
6550 324003. Serviced 14/H and R/H NIG Wheels to 120PS1 per 6550 AMM 12-33-01 
Rev. June 20/13. 
Step: 25.1.5 
Completed 
Installed main wheels (4) IAW 6550 CMPs 324003.324004.324005. and 324006. Ref 
items 11.58 thru 11.61 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoiceept v3 
Page 42 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811182
--- PAGE 43 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO 1r: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Rem: 26 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY OUT TO VENDOR 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator. 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
S/N: N/A 
TSWISO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 26.1 
SEND BLOW DOWN BOTTLE TO SUPPLIER FOR HYDROSTATIC TEST AND RETURN TO AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N415LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE - 11/9 
Resolution: Recleved Blow Down Bottle 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Services USD: 
Flat Rate 
5270.60 
Total USD: 
5270.60 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
26.1 41 
HYDROSTATIC TEST 
Part Ref: 1159SCH233-II BOTTLE, NITROGEN - BLOW DOWN BOTTLE 
1.00 
Discrepancy: 26.2 
SEND 02 BOTTLE TO SUPPLIER TO COMPLY WITH HYDROSTATIC TEST AND RETURN TO 
AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N415LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE - 11/11 
Resolution: Recleved O2 Bottle. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Services USD: 
Flat Rate 
52,527.80 
Total USD: 
52,527.80 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
26.2 41 
HYDROSTATIC TEST 
Pan Ref: 805983-IS BOTTLE, OXYGEN 
1.00 
Discrepancy: 26.3 
SEND 02 MASK TO SUPPLIER FOR RESTORE/RECERTIFY AND RETURN TO AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N415LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE 11124 
Resolution: Recleved O2 Mask 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Services USD: 
Flat Rate 
52392.50 
Total USD: 
$2.392.50 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Descripiion 
Quantity 
26381 
REPAIR 
Part Ref: A1O0-15-158 MASK, OXYGEN, CREW 
1.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 43 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811183
--- PAGE 44 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WON: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 26.5 
SEND 18 EA LIFE VEST TO THE SUPPLIER FOR RESTORE AND RETURN TO AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N415LSI 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE - 2/20 
PN - 63600-105 
SN - L784996, L748997, L784998, L784999, L785000, L785001, L785002, L785003, L785004, L785006, 
L785007. L785008, L785009, L785010 AND L785011 
PN - 63600-505 
SN - L785711, L745141, L785710 
Resolution: Received 18 each repaired life vests 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Services USD: 
Time and Material 
$884.17 
Total USD: 
5884.17 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
 Description 
Quantity  
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
26.5 NI 
REPAIR 
1.00 
5884.17 
S884.17 
Part Ref: AC5173LIFEVESTKIT LIFE VEST KIT 
Discrepancy: 26.6 
SEND CUP HOLDERS AND DOOR HANDLE TO QUAKER CITY TO BE PLATED QCP588 SATIN 
BLUSHED WHITE GOLD AND RETURN TO AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N415LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE - 2/26/2018 
Resolution: Received plated cup holders. 
2/22/18- Per the PO in Corridor It is tracking for 2-26 confirmed by Courtney. CC 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Services USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,500.00 
Total USD: 
$1,500.00 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
26.6 #1 
PLATING 
1.00 
50.00 
S0.00 
Part Ref: AC5173PLATINGKIT KIT 
26.682 
EXPEDITE FEE 
1.00 
$1,500.00 
$1,500.00 
26.683 
PLATING 
1.00 
50.00 
S0.00 
Part Ref: AC5173PLATINGKIT KIT 
Item: 
AIRCRAFT BATTERY (FCS EBIIA BATTERY & MAIN SHIP BATTERY) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
PartModcl N: 1159SCAV519-1 
S/N: 0905200069DDF 
TSN/TS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: Na 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 44 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811184
--- PAGE 45 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LW. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Item: 28 
AVIATION BATTERY TYPE - CORE (FCS EBIIA BATTERY & MAIN SIIIP BATTERY) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model #: 5317C1I-1 
S/N: 09052001067B3 
TSN/TS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Item: 29 
FAIRING ASSY, BULLET, FWD 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 1159C51152024-405 
S/N: N/A 
TSN/TS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 29.1 
FWD BULLET FAIRING (KNEE PANEL) HAS EVIDENCE OF EROSION AT FWD EDGE AROUND FWD 
EDGE AROUND FWD LOOKING CAMERA AND A PUNCTURE INSIDE OF FAIRING. AREAS !WAKED 
WITH BLUE GREASE PENCIL. 
IRAN AND RETURN TO AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N415LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE - 11/17 
Resolution: Repaired satcom radome. Reference: Engineering dispo In step 29.2.1.1 and B/P 1159C51152024 Rev.D 1/17/06 
Engineering dispos in steps 29.3.8 and 29.3.10. 
FWD BULLET 
Part# ->1159CS1152024-405 
Seel ->NFA 
Final finish 
FAIRING 
will apply at service center. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
68.78 
(a 
$146.00 
$10,041.88 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.02 (-a 
$222.00 
$226.44 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$2,318.91 
Total USD: 
$12,587.23 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
29.1 #1 
LSSQW00-0460 
LIGHTNING DIVERTER 
I 
$772.97 
$772.97 
29.1#2 
LSSQW00-0460 
LIGHTNING DIVERTER 
I 
$772.97 
$772.97 
29.1#3 
ISSQW00-0460 
LIGHTNING DIVERTER 
I 
$772.97 
$772.97 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawkslnvoice.rpt v3 
Page 45 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811185
--- PAGE 46 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 29.1.1 
Completed 
Incoming Inspection 
Step: 29.1.2 
Completed 
Teardown 
Step: 29.13 
Completed 
Inspection 
Step: 29.1.4 
Completed 
Rework 
Step: 29.1.5 
Completed 
Assembly 
Step: 29.1.6 
Completed 
Test 
Step: 29.1.7 
Completed 
Refinish 
Step: 29.1.7.1 
Completed 
Made Mytar 
Step: 29.1.7.2 
Completed 
Apply IOP2-3 anti-static coating 
Step: 29.1.7.3 
Completed 
Strip-Sand and prime with 3012 / D-8003 Hi-Bu0d.Apply 10P2-3 Anti-Static.Re-prime 
with 3012. 
Step: 29.1.7.4 
Completed 
Apply IOP2-3 Anti-Static. Perform resistivity test. 
Step: 29.1.8 
Completed 
Outgoing Imagery 
Discrepancy: 29.2 
Erosion along the leading edge and diverter strips. 
Resolution: Repaired erosion along the leading edge and replaced all diverter strips. Reference: Engineering dispo in step 29.2.1.1 
and B/P 1159CSII52024 Rev. D.1/17/06. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.00 
@ 
5222.00 
5444.00 
Total USD: 
5444.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 46 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811186
--- PAGE 47 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO Si: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 29.2.1 
Completed 
Request engineering evaluation for repair of erosion. 
Step: 29.2.1.1 
Completed 
Engineering disposition: 
Remove lightning diverter and hardware as required. Sand eroded areas smooth. 
Scuff sand minimum 1.50in around areas to be repaired. removing all glossy surfaces, to 
prepare for wet lay up. 
Fabricate two plies using plies of 161/181sts le dry fiberglass cloth. Size plies to ensure 
coverage of eroded and sanded regions. Ply #1 should extend at least 1.00in beyond the 
reworked area and Ply #2 should extend at least .50in beyond Ply al. except plies may 
end at edge of part where applicable. 
Saturate Plies 1 and 2 with Shell Epon 828/DTA or Hysol EA956A/B mixed per 
manufacturer's instructions. Lay up rework areas with Ply #1 and Ply #2 ensuring 
adequate overlap as specified above. 
Cure plies under vacuum bag at 75-95°F for at least 12 hours, or under vacuum bag at 
75-95°F for at 2-3 hours followed by 3 hours at 130-140°F. 
Remove vacuum hag and sand smooth. Visually inspect reworked area: if required. fill 
and fair using 11>sol EA960F and sand to contour. 
If required, install lightning diverter as described below. 
Touch up with primer and paint to match customer topcoat, as required. 
Lightning diverter installation: 
Prepare surface to be bonded per CAMPS 8210: scuff sand then solvent wipe with MEN 
or acetone followed by isopropyl alcohol. 
Apply GAA100BDI0 or GAAI00BD03 adhesive and position diverter per 
1159C5H52024. Cure under vacuum bag for 7 days at room temperature, or 2-3 hours 
at room temperature followed by 2 hours at 130-140°F. 
Step: 29.2.2 
Completed 
REMOVED PAINT/PRIMER FROM DISCREPANT FWD AREAS AND SOLVENT 
CLEANED. THEN FABRICATED AND INSTALLED 2 PLIES OF STYLE 181 
FIBERGLASS WET USING EPON 828fDTA. VACUUM BAGGED AND CURED. REF 
ENGINEERING DISPO STEP 29.2.1.1 
Step: 29.2.3 
Completed 
Removed and replaced all diverter strips(P/N LSSQW00-0460). Reference: B/P 
1159O:1152024 Rev. D Released I/17/06. 
Discrepancy: 29.3 
Puncture on LAI Inner surface. 
Resolution: Repaired puncture on Lill Inner surface. 
Reference: Engineering dispos in steps 29.3.8 and 29.3.10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
18.00 
€2; 
5222.00 
$3,996.00 
Total USD: 
53,996.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 47 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat kW 
EFTA00811187
--- PAGE 48 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
( moulded 
Request engineering evaluation for repair of inner skin puncture. 
( moult:Ertl 
Request NDT to perform tap test of inner skin puncture. 
( moult:Ertl 
Preliminary Engineering Disposition: Refer to pic in the "files" tab for suspect location 
of contact area. Place a soft compressible material (clay, repro-rubber. etc.) that will 
retain location and determin if this is the contact area. Install fwd bullet fairing and 
attach with B/P hardware. Remove fairing and take pits of suspect contact area. 
Resubmit pies via Corridor to engineering for evaluation. MRB No. E064 
ompleted 
Per preliminary engineering disposition placed a soft compressible material 
(repro-rubber) on the contact area. Installed fwd bullet fairing and attach with B/P 
hardware. Removeed fairing and took pits of suspect contact area. Resubmited pies to 
engineering. 
ompleted 
Preliminary Engineering Disposition: Refer to pic in the" Files" tab drill a No. 30 at the 
location shown. Take a measurement from the inner surface of outer skin to the outer 
surface of inner skin. Resubmit results to engineering for Final disposition. MRS No. 
F.064 
Completed 
Resubmit engineering after measurement from the inner surface of outer skin to the 
outer surface of inner skin is .240" 
Completed 
Preliminary Engineering Disposition: Refer to attachment in the "Files" tab: using the 
smallest clean up diameter. represented by the red dash line, trim out the discrepant 
section of inner skin and associated core down to the bond surface of outer skin. Do not 
undercut the outer skin or incorporate core ramp at this time. Measure, document, and 
resubmit resulting clean up dia. MRB E064 
Completed 
Final Engineering Disposition: Rework per Steps I thru 13. NOTE. -Steps 9 thru 13 
are in 29.3.9. Cutout of the inner skin and core removal is acceptable. Proceed with 
following rework: 
I. Refer to "Files" Powerpoint attachment Section A-A in 29.3.7. Incorporate core ramp 
that starts from edge of cutout extending .25 to .35 inches beyond cutout. At the lower 
EOP it is acceptable for the chamfer to extend onto the solid laminate. 
2. Straighten out folded over core cells and remove loose cells. Vacuum out debris. 
3. Pot core ramp with Magnobond 68-3. Cure at 70 to 95F' until potting has a harden 
surface. 
Do not touch sanded surfaces with bare hands. wear clean cotton gloves. 
4. Solvent clean using fresh cheesecloth wipers wet with MEK or Isopropyl Alcohol an 
area extending at least 2.0 inches beyond cutout or to EOP. whichever is closer. 
Continue until wipers remain clean. Do not use synthetic or shop towel wiper materials. 
Also solvent clean a corresponding area on outer skin. 
5. Sand off excess potting. Sand inner bond surface to remove core stubble and any 
glossy surface finish, also extend sanding around skin cutout over an area extending 
from lower EOP or at least 2.0 inches beyond edge of cutout to expose the outer 
fiberglass (F/G) ply. Vacuum out debris. Traces of paint, primer. etc. remaining within 
the F/G weave shall be acceptable. 
6. Sand correspond outer skin surface in the same way. 
7. On inner skin add two plies of dry Style 181 (F/C). Orientation of both plies is 
optionaL It is acceptable to dart F7G to allow working out wrinkles. Stagger darts so 
they do not overlap onto each other. Saturated plies with Epon 828 / DTA or EA956 
MB. Refer to SRM 51-34-00 Table 1 and SRM 51078-10 Repair Technique 7. 
8. Refer to Files tab in 29.3.7. Ply I shall overlap .50 to .80 inch onto the inner surface. 
Ply 2 shall overlap Ply 1 by .50 to .80 inches. 
Disposition continues in 29.3.9 
MRB No. E064 
Step: 29.3.9 
Completed 
Final Engineering Disposition Continued from 29.3.8. 
9. On outer surface add like plies centered over cutout. 
10. Install a breather pack and vacuum bag. refer to SRM51-78-10 Repair Technique 8. 
Perform a vacuum leak check by pulling full vacuum (min 21 inches of Hg) until bag is 
pulled tight. Disconnect vacuum source and verify max leakage rate does not exceed 5 
inches of Hg within 5 minutes. 
II. Cure at 70 to 95F until adhesive gels which should take at least 4 hours. 
12. After cure remove bag and sand off excess adhesive and F7G. Tap test outer and 
inner skin within repair area to verify no voids and I or disbands exist. Also visually 
verify no ply separations exist. 
13. On outer surface apply Finish 3012 (CAMPS 3116) followed by anti-static paint and 
customer topcoat. Ensure applied anti-static paint overlaps onto the existing anti-static 
paint. On inner surface no finish is required unless dry surfaces exist and if so apply 
Finish 3012 to entire repaired surface. 
This is a minor repair. MRB No. E064 
Step: 293.1 
Step: 293.2 
Step: 2933 
Step: 29.3.4 
Step: 29.3.5 
Step: 293.6 
Step: 293.7 
Step: 293.8 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 48 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811188
--- PAGE 49 ---
WO tr: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Step: 293.10 
Completed 
Made core ramp and potted core with Magnobond 68-3. Cured at 70 to 95F until potting 
has a harden surface. 
Solvent cleaned, sanded off excess potting. Sanded inner bond surface and extend 
sanded around skin cutout over an area. On inner and outer skin added two plies of dry 
Style 181 (FIG). Saturated plies with Epon 828 / DTA. 
Install vacuum bag, performed a vacuum Ink cheek and cured at 70 to 95F. After cured 
remove bag and sand off excess adhesive and F/6. Tap tested outer and inner skin 
within repair area to verified no voids and I or disbands exist. Also visually verified no 
ply separations exist. 
Work reference:Engineering dispo in steps 29.3.8 and 29.3.10. 
Item: 
Addition of a SIIADE MASTER at the Right-Hand #2 VIP Seat - (Ref. Item B 1.1 of Proposal ID#7038565 ROO ) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSWISO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 30.2 
CMP G550 330934 SWITCH PANEL #34 (Ref. 30.1) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CUP G550 330934 SWITCH PANEL #34 
PN OFF: 2501-2-110Q588A 
SN OFF: 31B3J 
PN ON: 2501-2-714Q588A 
SN ON: 48NOHIC 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Item 
BATTERY, EMERGENCY LIGHTS 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model #: 2013-BR 
S/N: B8662 
TSWISO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Item: 32 
BATTERY, EMERGENCY LIGHTS 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 2013-BR 
S/N: B8663 
TSNffSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Item: 33 
BATTERY, EMERGENCY LIGHTS 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Modcl #: 2013-BR 
S/N: B8660 
TSN/TSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Item: 34 
MAIN WHEEL 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
PartfIsiodcl #: 1159SCL503-9 
S/N: 5159FX 
TSNEISO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: 54022 11725 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 49 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811189
--- PAGE 50 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521681 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Item: 35 
MAIN WHEEL ASSEMBLY 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator. 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model #: 1159SCL503-7 
S/N: 5167FP 
TSN/TS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircrafaime: 5402.8 11225 
Item: 36 
MAIN WHEEL 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Modcl #: 1159SCL503-9 
S/N: 5I75GC 
TSNEIS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: 5402.8 / 1225 
Item: 37 
MAIN WHEEL ASSEMBLY 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model #: 1159SCL503-7 
S/N: 5188FP 
TSNEIS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: 5402.8 11225 
Item: 38 
NOSE WHEEL/TIRE ASSEMBLY-MOUNTED 1159L50400-37 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Modcl #: 1159SCL505-7111TD 
S/N: 5082FZ 
TSN/TS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: 5402.8 
Item: 39 
NOSE WHEEL/TIRE ASSEMBLY-MOUNTED 1159L50400-37 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 1159SCL505-7MTD 
S/N: 5081EZ 
TSNfIS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: 5402.8 
Item: 40 
Customer Requested Due List Items as of 02/15/18 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator 
Julian Brown 
Part/Modcl #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: N/A / N/A 
TSWIS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 40.1 
CMP G550 231108 Airshow 4000 Sys Components - GVI 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 231108 Airshow 4000 Sys Components - GVI 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.2 
CMP G550 231113 Securaplane 500 Components - GVI 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 231113 Securaplane 500 Components - 
Billing Method 
I lours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
DAC_RevenueSquawksInvoicc.rpt v3 
Page 50 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit kW 
EFTA00811190
--- PAGE 51 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 40.3 
CMP G550 232158 Airshow 4000 Above Floor - Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 232158 Airshow 4000 Above Floor - Visual Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.4 
CMP G550 240108 Fwd Emergency Battery - BITE / Battery Level Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP O550 240108 Fwd Emergency Battery - BITE / Battery Level Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.5 
CMP G550 240109 Aft Emergency Battery - BITEJBattery Level Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH ChIP G550 240109 Aft Emergency Battery - BITE! Battery Level Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.6 
CMP G550 251006 Crew Scats Inertia Reel (Pilot) - Operational Test 
Resolution: cOMPLIED WITH CMP O550 251006 Crew Seats Inertia Reel (Pilot) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.7 
CMP G550 251007 Crew Scats Inertia Reel (Copilot) - Operational Test 
Resolution: cOMPLIED WITH CMP G550 251007 Crew Seats Inertia Reel (Copilot) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.8 
CMP G550 251008 Crew Scats Inertia Reel (Observer) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP O550 251008 Crew Seats Inertia Reel (Observer) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.9 
CMP G550 251016 Crew Seat Restraints (Pilot) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 251016 Crew Seat Restraints (Pilot) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 51 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811191
--- PAGE 52 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 40.10 
CMP G550 251017 Crew Seat Restraints (Copilot) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 251017 Crew Seat Restraints (Copilot) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
SI 52.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.11 
CMP G550 251018 Crew Seat Restraints (Observer) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 251018 Crew Seat Restraints (Observer) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
52.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.12 
CMP G550 252102 Passenger Seats Restraints - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 252102 Passenger Seats Restraints - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.13 
CMP G550 252104 Passenger Seats Inertia Reels - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 252104 Passenger Seats Inertia Reels - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Taal 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.14 
CMP G550 256019 EVAS System (Left) - Periodic Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 256019 EVAS System (Left) - Periodic Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Taal 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.15 
CMP G550 256020 EVAS System (Right) - Periodic Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 256020 EVAS System (Right) - Periodic Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
owl 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.16 
CMP 6550 256205 Life Vest - Restore 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 52 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811192
--- PAGE 53 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: The Squawk for this specific task shall be signed off as " Verified compliance of CMP 256205 under vender work order 
number SAPO17-08768 dated Feburaury 20 2018. This documentation is for CMP data base update only - no 
maintenance accomplished by GAC." 
COMPLIED WITH ChIP G550 256205 Life Vest - Restore 
Life Vests Restored 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L784996 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L784997 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L784998 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L784999 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L785000 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L785001 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L785002 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L785003 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :1.785004 
P/N: 63600-105 SIN A.785006 
P/N: 63600-105 SIN :L785007 
P/N: 63600-105 SIN :L785009 
P/N: 63600-105 SIN :L785010 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L785011 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
I oial 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.17 
CMP G550 256404 Defibrillator Battery - Inspect / Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 256404 Defibrillator Battery - Inspect I Check 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
52.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.18 
CUP 6550 256407 Defibrillator Electrode Pads - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 256107 Defibrillator Electrode Pads - Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD. 
Flat Rate 
52.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.19 
•""DELETE*** ChIP G550 256438 - LIFE KIT 
Resolution: Equipment not installed in aircraft, customer email approving deletion is on file 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.20 
ChIP G550 261302 APU (Fire) Shutdown Circuit - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 261302 APU (Fire) Shutdown Circuit - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 53 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811193
--- PAGE 54 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.21 
CMP G550 262122 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (Left Engine) - Integrity Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262122 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (Left Engine) - Integrity 
Test 
multlmeter 556315 
due date:9/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5228.00 
Total USD: 
5228.00 
Discrepancy: 40.22 
CMP G550 262123 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (Right Engine) - Integrity Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262123 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (Right Engine) - Integrity 
Test 
multlmeter 556315 
due date:9/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.23 
CMP G550 262124 Engine Fire Bottle Pressure Switch (Left) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262124 Engine Fire Bottle Pressure Switch (Leib- Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.24 
CMP G550 262125 Engine Fire Bottle Pressure Switch (Right) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262125 Engine Fire Bottle Pressure Switch (Right) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.25 
CMP G550 262126 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (API) - Integrity Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262126 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (APU) - Integrity Test 
multimeter 556315 
due date:9/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate
-lotal
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.26 
CMP 6550 262605 Portable I lalon Fire Extinguisher (Cockpit) - Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262605 Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Cockpit) - Visual Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 54 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
rut ma 
EFTA00811194
--- PAGE 55 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.27 
CMP 6550 262626 Portable union Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 262626 Portable Haien Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Visual Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.28 
CMP 6550 262646 Portable I lalon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Lavatory) - Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH Cup G550 262646 Portable Halton Fire Extinguisher (Aft Lavatory) - Visual Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.29 
CMP 6550 271011 Aileron Control and Trim Cables in Main Wheel Wells! Wing hailing Edge - Detailed 
Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 271011 Aileron Control and Trim Cables in Main Wheel Wells / Wing Trailing Edge -
Detailed Inspection 
Tensiometer 
66853 
Due Date 5/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Ma Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.30 
CMP G550 272108 Rudder Control and Trim Cables in Main Wheel Well / Tail Compartment - Detailed 
Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CUP G550 272108 Rudder Control and Trim Cables in Main Wheel Well / Tail Compartment -
Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
I lours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.31 
CMP G550 273100 ELEVITRIM CABLE(6IVVW/TAIL)-INSP 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 273100 ELEV/TRIM CABLE(MWW/TAIL)-INSP 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$912.00 
Total USD: 
$912.00 
Discrepancy: 40.32 
CMP G550 276105 SPEEDBRAKE CABLE(111WW/WING)INSP 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 55 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811195
--- PAGE 56 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO /I: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 276105 SPEEDBRAICECABLE(MWW/WING)INSP 
Tensiometer 
66853 
Due Date 05/18 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD 
Flat Rate 
$912.00 
Total USD: 
$912.00 
Discrepancy: 4033 
CMP 6550 282606 Engine Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282606 Engine Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 4034 
CMP 6550 282607 Engine Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282607 Engine Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 4035 
CMP O550 282608 APU Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282608 APU Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 4036 
CMP G550 282609 Engine heated Return Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 282609 Engine Heated Return Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 4037 
CMP G550 282610 Engine Heated Return Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 282610 Engine I kated Return Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
I lours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 4038 
CMP G550 282629 Engine Fuel Shut-off Valve (Left) - Operational Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH ChIP G550 282629 Engine Fuel Shut-off Valve (Left) - Operational Check 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 56 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811196
--- PAGE 57 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Total USD: 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.39 
CMP G550 282630 Engine Fuel Shut-off Valve (Right) - Operational Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282630 Engine Fuel Shut-off Valve (Right) - Operational Check 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Ratc 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.40 
CMP G550 291501 Hydraulic System Shut-off Valve (Left) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 291501 Hydraulic System Shut-off Valve (Left) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.41 
CMP G550 291502 Hydraulic System Shut-off Valve (Right) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 291502 Hydraulic System Shut-off Valve (Right) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.42 
CMP G550 313002 DFDR - Functional Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 313002 DFDR - Functional Test 
See step below for details of work performed. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Ratc 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$608.00 
Total USD: 
$608.00 
Step: 40.42.1 
Completed 
Comply with FDR data report from download a% placed on thumbdrne 
Discrepancy: 40.43 
CMP G550 316205 FDR FAIL MESSAGE-OPS TEST 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 316205 FDR FAIL MESSAGE-OPS TEST 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$76.00 
Total USD: 
$76.00 
Discrepancy: 40.44 
CMP 6550 319013 Red Disk Honeywell! Jeppesen - Aerospace, Communication, Navigation Data, (28 Day 
Interval) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 319013 Red Disk Honeywell I Jeppesen - Aerospace, Communication, Navigation Data. 
(28 Day Interval) Expires: 28Nlar2018 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
-total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 57 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811197
--- PAGE 58 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 40.45 
CMP 6550 319014 Blue Disk Honeywell / Jeppesen - Electronic Terminal Charts, Geopolitical Boundaries, 
Airport Information Obstacle Data (14 Day Interval) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH ChIP G550 319014 Blue Disk Honeywell / Jeppesen - Electronic Terminal Charts, Geopolitical 
Boundaries, Airport Information Obstacle Data (14 Day Interval) Expires: 14Mar2018 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD 
Fiat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.46 
CMP G550 319016 Green Disk Honeywell! Jeppesen - Terrain Data (On condition or Six Month Interval) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 319016 Green Disk Honeywell / Jeppesen - Terrain Data (On condition or Six Month 
Interval) 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Taal 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.47 
CMP G550 321005 Main Landing Gear (Left) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 321005 Main Landing Gear (Left) - Lubrication 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Taal 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.48 
CMP G550 321006 Main Landing Gear (Right) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 321006 Main Landing Gear (Right) - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.49 
CMP G550 322004 Nose Landing Gear - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 322004 Nose Landing Gear - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.50 
CMP 6550 322306 Nose Landing Gear Bungee - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 322306 Nose Landing Gear Bungee - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
FM Rate 
$456.00 
Total USD: 
$456.00 
Discrepancy: 40.51 
CMP G550 323037 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Left) - Lubrication 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 58 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tut Me 
EFTA00811198
--- PAGE 59 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 323037 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Left) - Lubrication 
TW 568539 
Due 2/19 
TW 567919 
Due 01/19 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5456.00 
Total USD: 
5456.00 
Discrepancy: 40.52 
CMP 6550 323038 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Right) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 323038 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Right) - Lubrication 
TW 568539 
Due 2/19 
TW 567919 
Due 01/19 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$608.00 
Total USD: 
$608.00 
Discrepancy: 40.53 
CMP G550 325202 Nose Wheel Steering Collar Assembly! Slave Gear - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 325202 Nose Wheel Steering Collar Assembly / Slave Gear - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$76.00 
Total USD: 
$76.00 
Discrepancy: 40.54 
CMP G550 491007 APU Enclosure Thermal Blanket I Coating - General Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH ChIP G550 491007 APU Enclosure Thermal Blanket / Coating - General Visual Inspection 
Reference items 8.14 and 8.17 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
$760.00 
510.45 
$770.45 
Quantity  
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
40.54 MI 
NAS1580C3T12 
BOLT 
52.09 
$10.45 
Discrepancy: 40.55 
CMP 6550 491300 APU Compartment Drain Collectors - General Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 491300 APU Compartment Drain Collectors - General Visual Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.56 
CMP 6550 491301 Auxiliary Power Unit Turbine Plenum Drains - Operational Test 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 59 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811199
--- PAGE 60 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 491301 Auxiliary Power Unit Tbrbine Plenum Drains - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5456.00 
Total USD: 
5456.00 
Discrepancy: 40.57 
CMP G550 523003 Baggage Compartment Door Seal - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH ChIP G550 523003 Baggage Compartment Door Seal - Detailed Inspection 
Air Regulator: 556959 Cal Due:06/I8. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$608.00 
Total USD: 
$608.00 
Discrepancy: 40.58 
CMP G550 523004 Baggage Compartment Door Seal Air Supply Moisture Drain Orifice - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: cOMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 523004 Baggage Compartment Door Seal Air Supply Moisture Drain Orifice - Detailed 
Inspection 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.59 
CMP G550 523008 Baggage Door Seal Check Valve - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 523008 Baggage Door Seal Check Valve - Operational Test 
Ale Regulator: 556959 Cal Due: 06/18. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$456.00 
Total USD: 
$456.00 
Discrepancy: 40.60 
CMP G550 527001 Main Entrance Door Secondary Handle Lock Switch and Circuitry - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 527001 Main Entrance Door Secondary Handle Lock Switch and Circuitry - Operational 
Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5912.00 
Total USD: 
5912.00 
Discrepancy: 40.61 
CMP G550 531005 External Lower Fuselage FS -4 thru FS 758 View From Ground - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 531005 External Lower Fuselage FS -4 thru FS 758 View From Ground - Zonal 
Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.62 
CMP 6550 531055 Aft Cabin Below Floor FS 632 - FS 684 - Zonal Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenuaquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 60 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811200
--- PAGE 61 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 531055 Aft Cabin Below Floor FS 632 - FS 684 - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5912.00 
Total USD: 
5912.00 
Discrepancy: 40.63 
CMP G550 531060 Baggage Compartment Below Floor FS 684 - FS 758 - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 531060 Baggage Compartment Below Floor FS 684 - ES 758 - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$608.00 
Total USD: 
$608.00 
Discrepancy: 40.64 
CMP 6550 531065 External Upper Fuselage FS 63 - Fs 758 View From Ground - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 531065 External Upper Fuselage Fs 63 - FS 758 View From Ground - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.65 
CMP 6550 531082 Electronic Equipment Rack FS 147 - FS 181 - (Enhanced) Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 531082 Electronic Equipment Rack Fs 147 - Fs 181 - (Enhanced) Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$456.00 
Total USD: 
$456.00 
Discrepancy: 40.66 
CMP 6550 531085 Ext Aft Fuselage/Empennage (from Ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 531085 Ext Aft Fuselage Empennage (from Ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.67 
CNIP G550 575021 Wing Rear Beam (Left Enhanced) - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 575021 Wing Rear Beam (Left Enhanced) - Zonal Inspection 
Ref 41.2 for discrepancy found 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$532.00 
Total USD: 
$532.00 
Discrepancy: 40.68 
CMP G550 575022 Wing Rear Beam (Right Enhanced) - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 575022 Wing Rear Beam (Right Enhanced) - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$532.00 
Total USD: 
$532.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 61 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811201
--- PAGE 62 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 40.69 
CMP 6550 711301 External - Powerplants, Cowl Doors, Inlet Areas, Thrust Reverser and Nose Cowls (as viewed 
from ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 711301 External - Powerplants, Cowl Doors, Inlet Areas, Thrust Reverser and Nose 
Cowls (as viewed from ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$228.00 
Total USD: 
$228.00 
Discrepancy: 40.70 
CMP 6550 711302 External - Powerplants, Cowl Doors. Inlet Areas, Thrust Reverser and Nose Cowls (as viewed 
from ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 711302 External - Powerplants, Cowl Doors, Inlet Areas, Thrust Reverser and Nose 
Cowls (as viewed from ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$228.00 
Total USD: 
$228.00 
Discrepancy: 40.73 
CMP 6550 994042 AD 2017-18-12 B/E Aerospace 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.74 
CMP 6550 994045 AD 2017-20-08 - Gulfstrcam Aerospace - Gulfstream AFM Supplement Incorporation 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
S152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.75 
CMP 6550 282641 APU Fuel Shut-off Valve - Operational Check 
Ref Item 40.20 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 282641 APU Fuel Shut-off Valve - Operational Check 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Item: 41 
Discrepancies - Customer Requested Due List Items as of 02/15/18 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Modcl #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: N/A / N/A 
TSN/TSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 41.1 
R/II MLC Bungee upper housing is seized on lower housing. 
ref. item 40.52 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 62 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811202
--- PAGE 63 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: Removed kill MLG Bungee P/N 1159150903.1. Ordered and recieved new Rill MLG Bungee P/N 1159L57903-1. 
Reference Item 11.130 for installation of new Bungee. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$4,371.44 
Total USD: 
54,371.44 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
41.1 #1 
11591.57903-I 
BUNGEE. MAIN LANDING GEAR 
$4371.44 
$4,371.44 
Discrepancy: 41.2 
Found broken grounding strap on L11 wing rear beam just outboard of flight spoiler while complying with rear 
beam inspection, ref item 40.67 
Resolution: Summary: Removed discrepant bonding jumper and Installed new bonding jumper on L/11 wing out board of flight 
spoiler. Ref. ANIN1 27-63-11 Aug. 31/03. 
See steps below for full details of work accomplished and regulatory sign offs. 
Pans USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
41.2 #1 
NIS25083-7BB11 
JUMPER, BONDING CNT 
$41.20 
$41.20 
41.2 #2 
NIS21042-3 
NUT, SLF-LKG, 450 DEG. RDC HEX. 
50.27 
50.54 
RDC HGT, RING BASE, NON-ORES 
Step: 41.2.1 
Completed 
Removed broken grounding strap on 1111 wing rear beam outboard of flight spoiler 
board. Ref. AMM 27-63-11 Aug. 31/03 
Step: 41.2.2 
Completed 
Installed new grounding strap on Lilt sting out board of Right spoiler. Ref. ANINI 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
$41.74 
$41.74 
27-63-11 Aug. 31/03 
Item: 42 
Customer Eval flight 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/N(Ode' #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: N/A / N/A 
TSN/TSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 42.1 
Resolution: 
Comply with customer eval flight. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
22.73 
® 
5146.00 
$3,318.58 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.07 
@' 
5146.00 
$10.22 
Total USD: 
$3,328.80 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 63 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tit W. 
EFTA00811203
--- PAGE 64 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Step: 42.1.1 
Waiting 
approval (L) 
Step: 42.1.2 
Waiting 
approval (L) 
Step: 42.1.3 
Waiting 
approval (L) 
Step: 42.1.4 
Waiting 
approval (L) 
Step: 42.1.5 
Waiting 
approval (L) 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Perform Preflight Inspection. 
Perform Tool Clearance procedure as outlined in SOP 3.028. 
"Comply stab evaluation flight technical support to observe or correct interior articles 
fitment or operation. All in flight actions are to be coordinated and approved by the pilot 
in command. 
Record entry to be made in work order upon return." 
Perform Inbound Inspection as outlined in RSQCT 0056 
Update aircraft hours and landing, engine hours and cycles and APU hours for the 
appropriate Items as applicable. 
Communications concerning disputed debts, including a check or other instrument 
tendered as full satisfaction of a debt, must be forwarded to: 
Gulfstream Aerospace 
Aun. Credit Manager 
PO Box 2206 
MIS B-05 
Savannah, GA 31402 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 64 of 64 
Printed: 3/7/2018 3:15:05PM 
tat W. 
EFTA00811204

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811205.pdf
----------------------------------------
PRELIMINARY INVOICE 
IlfSfreani
t
DVNAMIC• 
COMININV 
500 Ciulfstream Rd. - Savannah. Georgia 31407 
Part/Model 
G550 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 5173 / N415L111 
Mail Remittance To: 
Ciulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
Overnight Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (Box # 730349) 
do JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA 
ATTN: Dallas National Wholesale Lockbox TXI-0029 
14800 Frye Road 
Ft. Wash, TX 76155 
Wim Remittance To: 
Ciulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA 
Chicago, IL 60670 
Account No. 10-15825 
Fedwirc Routing No. (ABA) 021 000 021 
S.W.I.F.T. CHASUS33 
ACH Credit Routing No. (ABA)071 000 013 
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas. 00802 
Virgin Islands US) 
Title: Plan D, LLC. 
Invoice Number: 
Invoice Date: 
Customer ID: 
P.O. Number: 
Repair Station: 
In Date: 
Out Date: 
Payment Type: 
Payment Terms: 
5517132452 
12/12/2017 
BP502 
Lindsay' 
FAA CRS CR41221681 
10/23/2017 
03/10/2018 
CIA - Wire 
INVOICE SUMMARY FOR WORK ORDER NUMBER: 
SC521661 
Time & Materials 
Flat Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
$40,646.72 
$684,739.00 
5725,385.72 
Parts USD: 
$59,045.30 
$674,164.00 
$733,209.30 
Services USD: 
$2,384.17 
$497,215.90 
$499,600.07 
Misc Charges USD: 
425,000.00 
425,000.00 
Detail Subtotal USD: 
$77,076.19 
$1,856,118.90 
S1,933,195.09 
Subtotal USD: 
$1,933,195.09 
Funds on Deposit USD: 
$392,500.00 
Total USD: 
$1,540,695.09 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page I of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set kl• 
EFTA00811205
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Quotation ID: 7037536 Quote Number:GAC0717-7536-6550-5173-R00 
Complete Exterior Strip And Paint, Photographic Documentation 
Quotation ID: 7038248 Quote Number:GAC0417-5199-6550-5173-R02 
G550 Ka Band Installation 
Quotation ID: 7039407 Quote Number:GAC1017-9407-6550-5173-R00 
Reveneer Woodwork 
Quotation ID: 7039702 
Quotation ID: 7038565 Quote NumberGAC0917-8565-6550-5173-R00 
Generic Avionics - Entertaimnent 
Aircraft 5173: Arrival 10.20.2017 - Departure 01.26.2018 
Paint Dates: Induct 12/4/17 (to strip hangar) - Return to SC 12/24/17 
Contract # if provided 
Corporate Care - 
Yes 
MSP - 
No 
MPP - 
Yes 4400-84746 
HAPP - 
Yes 4400-82081 
PlaneParts - 
No 
MedAire - 
No 
JSSI - 
No 
CASP - 
No 
ESP- 
Yes/No 
EASA - 
Yes/No 
Isle of Man 
Yes/No 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
*Note to Expeditors - If Yes/ No are both present please contact SCC and/or relevant vendor to determine warranty coverage. 
Larry Visoski 
Plan D LLC. 
e: Ivjet@aol.com 
o: 561.328.7963 
m: 917.868.6145 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 2 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811206
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Item: 1 
Airframe Culfstream C550 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model If: G550 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 5173 / N415L111 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 1.17 
Consumables & Shop Supplies 
Resolution: For billing purposes only. 
Parts USD: 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
55,000.00 
Total USD: 
55.000.00 
Discrepancy: 1.27 
Resolution: 
Sales Concession 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Misc Charges USD: 
Time and Material 
-525.000.00 
Total USD: 
-525.000.00 
Miscellaneous Charge: 
Ref. No. 
Miscellaneous Charge 
Amount USD 
1.27 #1 
Sales Concession 
-S25,000.00 
Item: 
ENGINE. BR700-710C4-11 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model #: BR700-710C4-11 
S/N: 15449 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 3 
ENGINE BR700-710C4-11 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model 4: gR700-71004-11 
S/N: 15448 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft lime: 
Item: 5 
Technical Bulletins (ASC, CB, SB, AD. ACB) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 5173 / IIANGARA 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 5.2 
CMP 6550 970531 ASC 53A Communications Management Function ARINC Direct - Datalink Service Provider 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 3 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811207
--- PAGE 4 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 970531 ASC 53A Communications Management Function ARINC Direct - Datalink 
Service Provider. 
Gray Disk: 
PN OFF: N212JE OxAICIBD 28NOV2017 
SN OFF: ASC065-123 
PN ON: N2I2JE0NAICIBD 02MAR2018 
SN ON: ASC053-065-123 
Orange Disk: 
PN OFF: 69001791-505 
SN OFF: GDC 04JUL2017 
PN ON: 69003236-502 
SN ON: ARINC DIRECT 25JAN2018 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
I otal 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.00 
O! 
$146.00 
$584.00 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
S1.500.00 
Total USD: 
52.084.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
5.2#1 
ASC053A-1 G5SP 
KIT, COMMUNICATIONS 
$1,500.00 
$1,500.00 
MANAGEMENT FUNCTION ARINC 
DIRECT, DATA LINK SERVICE 
PROVIDER, 5001-9999 
Item: 6 
Avionics 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSNJCSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 6.2 
Customer request custom checklist be installed on DU. 
Please hold until receipt of the custom ACL. 
Resolution: Updated custom check list IAN' CMP G550 319020 Gulfstream, Electronic Checklist Software (Purple Disk) Ref. 11.150 
PN OFF: GYP V0105173003L.ecl 
SN OFF: 5173 I6JAN2015 
PN ON: GVPV0105173004LECL 
SN ON: 5173 0IMAR2018 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Race 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.00 
(a 
$146.00 
$146.00 
Total USD: 
$146.00 
Discrepancy: 63 
Flight Guidance Panel backlighting does not illuminate for night ops. 
Confirm IIAAP Covered Item 
Resolution: Summary: 
Removed flight guidance panel (pn: 7021852-901 sn: 06030509) and replaced with repaired night guidance panel (pn: 
7021852-901 sn: 08080720) and performed Autopilot operational check with no defects noted. All work done ref CMP 
G550 221002 item 11.10 and 6550 CMP 22100 item 11.8. See steps below for work performed. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 4 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811208
--- PAGE 5 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.00 
® 
$146.00 
$584.00 
Pans USD: 
No Charge 
WC 
Total USD: 
$584.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.3 NI 
7021852-901 
CONTROLLER, GUIDANCE PANEL 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Step: 6.3.1 
Completed 
Removed flight guidance panel (pn: 7021852-901 sn: 06030509) and replaced with 
repaired flight guidance panel (pn: 7021852-901 sn: 08080720) with no defects noted. All 
work done per G550 CMP 221001. Ref item 11.8 for CMP R&I. 
Step: 63.2 
Completed 
Performed Autopilot operational check with no defects noted. All work done ref CMP 
6550 221002 item 11.10. 
Discrepancy: 6.4 
DU #4 imp. Swapped with DU #3 and problem followed. 
Resolution: Removed defective DU and replaced with modified DU (pn: 7028140-905 sn: 09125363) and performed operational check 
with no defects noted. All work done per 6550 CMP 316024 and CMP 316030. Ref Items 11.7 and 11.9. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
-foal 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
Parts USD: 
No Charge 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
ST 
3.51 
® 
$146.00 
$512.46 
N/ C 
$512.46 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.4 NI 
7028140-905 
DISPLAY UNIT, FLAT PANEL 
$0.00 
$0.00 
(DU-I3I0) 
Discrepancy: 6.5 
Customer request to update RAAS settings. 
Resolution: Updated RAAS settings IANV CMP GSM 319025 Gulfstream. Setting 1 Rigging Software (Grey Disk) Ref. 11.148 
PN OFF: N212JE OxAIC1BD 28NOV2017 
SN OFF: ASC065-123 
PN ON: N212JE 0xAICIBD 02MAR2018 
SN ON: ASC053-065-123 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$438.00 
ServicesUSD: 
Flat Rate 
$762.00 
Total USD: 
$1,200.00 
Step: 6.5.1 
Completed 
Created one Settings and Riggings per GER 5767 
Discrepancy: 6.6 
Customer requests to update the airshow 4000 aircraft photo with the new blue paint scheme and to add the 
company logo. Logo to be provided by the customer. 
Ref item 20.1.16 
Resolution: Updated the airshow 4000 aircraft photo with the nen blue paint scheme and to add the compans logo. as requested by. 
customer. 
Ref. Item 20.1.16 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 5 of 63 
Printed: 3/92018 4:29:22PM 
ere. 
EFTA00811209
--- PAGE 6 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.50 
@ 
$146.00 
$219.00 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.75 
@ 
$146.00 
$109.50 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$3,894.00 
Total USD: 
$4,222.50 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.6#I 
925940-4794-1V2 
AIRSHOW SOFTWARE 
I 
$3,894.00 
$3,894.00 
Discrepancy: 6.7 
II/II wing static wicks MUM out of tolerance. 
Resolution: Replaced all 3 Rai wing static wicks pn: 2-16SC-I. Performed functional check with no defects. All maintenance 
performed using 6550 AMM 23-61-01 Oct 30/08. 
Megger CN: 557026 Date Due: 02/18 
BIRO CN: 560572 Date Due: 02/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD 
Time and Material 
$168.75 
Total USD: 
$168.75 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity  
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.7 NI 
2-16SC-I 
DISCHARGER. STATIC WICK 
$56.25 
S168.75 
Discrepancy: 6.8 
Left Spoiler Position Transducer has a broken backshell. 
Resolution: Summary: 
Replaced Left Spoiler Position Transducer Backshell. Rang out wires with no defects noted. All maintenance performed 
using WDNI 6550 27-60-00 June 20/13. 
Performed LII Spoiler RVDT functional check with no defects noted. All maintenance performed using G550 AMM 
27-65-00 Dated November 15/ 17. 
See steps below for more detail. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.90 
@ 
$146.00 
S861.40 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$329.22 
Total USD: 
31,190.62 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.8 NI 
447HW151X/.10902 
BACKSHELL 
I 
$323.22 
S323.22 
6.8 #2 
NI81969/14-01 
INSERTION/EXTRACTION TOOL, 
$1.20 
$6.00 
GREEN 
Step: 6.8.1 
Completed 
Replaced Left Spoiler Position Transducer Backshell. Rang out wires with no defects 
noted. All maintenance performed using WDM (350 27-60-00 June 20/ 13. 
Step: 6.8.2 
Completed 
Performed LH Spoiler RVDT functional check with no defects noted. All maintenance 
performed using (350 AMM 27-65-00 Dated Nosrather 15/ 17. 
Discrepancy: 6.9 
Ops check knee panel camera for new radome installation 
Resolution: Performed operational check of top camera with no defects noted. All work done per CC515050250 Rev -. 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.00 
@ 
$146.00 
S146.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 6 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
ut 
EFTA00811210
--- PAGE 7 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Total USD: 
SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
$146.00 
Item: 7 
Interior 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft lime: 
Discrepancy: 7.9 
Galley Microwave retainer block cracked. 
Resolution: Replaced, cracked galley Microwave retainer block, with new GSNI344001014-101 STOP, per GPNI308001581-301 Rev 
A. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$35.63 
Total USD: 
$35.63 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
7.9#I 
GSM344001014-101 
STOP 
$35.63 
$35.63 
Discrepancy: 7.13 
Grosspoint material behind LII #1 and RH PI table boxes needs to be resecured. 
Resolution: Resecured grosspoint behind table boxes .Per CCS1136 Rev K. 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.25 
® 
5146.00 
$474.50 
Total USD: 
$474.50 
Discrepancy: 7.14 
Acoustic door bearing arc worn and noisy 
Resolution: Removed existing bearings from acoustic door (4 EACH). Received Ok to install and installed 4 new bearings on acoustic 
door p/n: SUPER 8-OPN-DD. 
Work done per GP521400001 REV. C. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.00 
Q 
$146.00 
$292.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$216.52 
Total USD: 
$508.52 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
7.14 #1 
SUPER S-OPN-DD 
BEARING, LINEAR, BAI.I.. 
$54.13 
$216.52 
ACOUSTIC DOOR 
Discrepancy: 7.17 
Customer request to fabricate new baggage net. (One inboard of the water cabinet) 
Resolution: Fabricated new baggage net using MIL-T5038GTYPE-IV webbing. All sewing done in accordance ASTM International 
Standard Practice for Stitches and Seams. Designation 6913-11. All work done per GC525240016 Rev. -. Reference 7.22 
for flammability data. 
Labor USD: 
Paris USD: 
Total USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
$2,920.00 
Time and Material 
$298.56 
$3,218.56 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 7 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811211
--- PAGE 8 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO Si: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
7.1782 
40044-10 
HOOK ASSY, LOOP & KEEPER 
$2.12 
S12.72 
7.17 #3 
FDA5352 
HOOK AND BUCKLE 
$42.61 
S255.66 
7.17 #4 
MIL-T5038GTYPE-IV 
WEBBING I" CLASS 1 - BLACK 
$5.03 
$30.18 
Discrepancy: 7.18 
Acoustic door lower bearings are worn and noisy 
Resolution: Removed and replaced the acoustical door lower bearings and slides. P/N SRS9XMSS+400LM. All work done PER. 
CP5210000I Rev.C. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$59636 
Total USD: 
$596.36 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
7.1881 
SRS9NNISS+4001.M 
RAIL ASSY 
S298.18 
S596.36 
Discrepancy: 7.20 
Fwd Lay Ned door pop-up in-op 
Resolution: Adjusted fwd lay door and pop-up for proper function with all work performed in accordance with GPM412001486-301 
Rev - 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.62 
@ 
5146.00 
$966.52 
Total USD: 
$966.52 
Item: 8 
Mechanical 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Part/Model N: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: g3 
Customer request full cleaning and operational checks of the Lavatory tank and system. 
Resolution: Summsry: Complied with cleaning of lay systems and toilets/waste tank per O550 AMM 38-31-01 Rev.03/31/17. See 
below for work performed. Functional operational test for logic control module system performed per CMP 380025 
Ref.11.47. No discrepacies noted with logic module. Toilet operation check performed per CMP 380001 Ref.7.15. 
Operated okay and no leaks noted at this time. Ultrasonic sensors cleaned per CMP 380015/383024. No discrepacies noted 
with sensors at this time, 
see below for work performed. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$2,336.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
418,672.83 
Total USD: 
$21,00853 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8381 
NA51611-150A 
ORING 
$2.25 
$4.50 
#2 
MS295I3-226 
PACKING, PREFORMED, 
HYDROCARBON FUEL RESISTANT, 
RING 
50.64 
$1.28 
8383 
7700248 
SENSOR, TANK WASTE 
$16,56330 
$16,56330 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 8 of 63 
Printed: 3/912018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811212
--- PAGE 9 ---
Bill To: Plan D. I.I.C. 
WO Si: SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8384 
7600123 
GASKET, WASTE TANK SENSOR 
Step: 8.3.1 
Step: 8.3.2 
Step: 8.3.3 
$2,103.75 
Completed 
Removed. cleaned, inspected, and reinstalled ultrasonic sensors PN:7700395-001 1./H 
SN:07-G-170, and R/H SN:07-G-I67 per CMP 380015/383024. and CMP 
380031/380032. 
Ref. Items. 11.44.11.45,11.46,11.48. 
Completed 
Complied with cleaning of lay systems and toilets/waste tank per 6550 AMM 38-31-01 
Rev.03/31/17. Waste tank full light does not go off. 
Completed 
Removed and replaced the Waste tank delta p level sensor on waste tank. OFF: PIN: 
7700248. S/N: 0554. ON: P/N: 7700248 S./NI: 1558. Ref. CMP 6550 381059 item /I: 
11.157 
Waste tank full light now functioning correctly. 
$2,103.75 
Discrepancy: 8.4 
Customer request to inspect all exterior service door latches for serviceability and replace one discrepant latch on 
the external MED switch service door 
Resolution: Summary: Installed New latch P/N 115000-2-102-142 per BP 1159851110 Rev C to the external MED switch service door. 
Completed inspection of all service door latches per 6550 MM 53-00-00 June 15/16 and found no further discrepancies. 
(See steps below for a detail of work performed) 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Labor USD: 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$268.82 
Rate 
Total 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.40 
Qa 
5146.00 
$350.40 
$619.22 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.4 81 
H5000-2-102-142 
LATCH, SERVICE DOOR 
$258.12 
$258.12 
8.4 82 
MS20426AD3-4 
RIVET 
$0.22 
42.20 
8.4 83 
hIS20426AD3-3 
RIVET 
$0.22 
42.20 
8.4 84 
hIS20426AD3-4.5 
RIVET 
$0.41 
44.10 
8.4 85 
hIS20426AD3-5 
RIVET- SOLID, CSK 100 DEG 
$0.22 
42.20 
Step: 8.4.1 
Completed 
Removed discrepant latch on the external MED switch service door per BP 1159 B5I110 
Rev G. 
Step: 8.4.2 
Completed 
Installed New latch P/N H5000-2-102-142 per BP 1159051110 Rev G to the external 
MED switch service door. Completed inspection of all exterior service door latches per 
6550 MM 53-00-00 June 15/16 and 6550 3131 52-40-00 October 30/06 finding no 
further discrepancies. 
Step: 8.43 
Completed 
Request paint on external MED switch service door due to new latch installation. 
Discrepancy: 8.5 
Customer request to check water system indications 
Resolution: SUMMARY: 
Serviced water system and performed Water system operational check with no defects noted. All work done per 6550 
AMM 38-10-00 dated August 31/05. see steps below for performed. 
Labor USD: 
Total USD: 
Step: 8.5.1 
Step: 8.5.2 
Billing Method 
Time and Material 
Completed 
Completed 
ST 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
0.90 
(a 
$146.00 
S131.40 
$131.40 
Complied with potable water tank service per 6550 AMM 38-14-01 March 31/17. No 
indication on external panel noted throughout entire service. 
Performed Water system operational check with no defects noted. All work done per 
6550 AMM 38-10-00 dated August 31/05. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 9 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
set dm 
EFTA00811213
--- PAGE 10 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO Si: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 8.6 
CMP G550 275019 Flap Actuator Travel Nut (Left)- Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 275019 Flap Actuator navel Nut (Left) - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$146.00 
Total USD: 
5146.00 
Discrepancy: 8.7 
CMP GSM 275020 Flap Actuator Travel Nut (Right) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 275020 Flap Actuator navel Nut (Right) - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
-total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
SI 46.00 
Total USD: 
$146.00 
Discrepancy: 8.9 
CMP G550 491005 APU Enclosure FS 767 - FS 797 - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 491005 APU Enclosure FS 767 - FS 797 - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$438.00 
Total USD: 
$438.00 
Discrepancy: 8.10 
Customer requests 12 spare aircraft keys. 
Added during debrief 
Resolution: Provided 12 spare aircraft keys to customer. 
Pans USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
$162.00 
Total USD: 
$162.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.1041 
KEYS 
KEYS 
$13.50 
$162.00 
Discrepancy: 8.11 
Blue "R FUEL RETURN FAIL" CAS message appeared one hour into flight. Crew also noted that the right oil 
temperature was 100 degrees celcius and the left oil temperature was 80 degrees celcius. 
Added during debrief 
Resolution: performed heated fuel return operational check with no defects noted. All work done per O550 AMM 28-16-00 dated 
August 30, 2009. 
Decade resistor box ID/4 568066 cal due date 11/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$584.00 
Total USD: 
$584.00 
Discrepancy: 8.19 
Cyan "APU Maint Required" Cas message on APU start. CMC fault code 4922222APU (APU Flow Divider Sol 
Short) 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 10 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
recut 
EFTA00811214
--- PAGE 11 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: Summary: Removed and replaced fuel flow divider P/N WE3883842-2 S/N NSN and solenoid valve P/N WE3883738-1 
S/N NSN. Performed operational and leak check with no defects noted at this time per CMP 493011. 
See steps below for detailed work performed. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
11.83 
® 
$146.00 
$1,727.18 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.02 
® 
$146.00 
52.92 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
35,574.25 
Total USD: 
57,30435 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.19 81 
8.19 #4 
Step: 8.19.1 
Step: 8.19.2 
Step: 8.19.3 
WE3883738-1 
VALVE, SOLENOID 
35,572.61 
M25981U2-904 
PACKING 
50.82 
Completed 
Gained access to 181A1PI ( on APU Ceiling). Disconnected plug. inspected and cleaned 
cannon plug with no defects noted. Returned aircraft to original configuration. All 
maintenance performed using WDM 49-60-00 June 15/16. 
Completed 
Ran APU and still had constant APU maint. required message for CMC fault code 
4922222APU (APU Flow Divider Sol Short) 
Completed 
Removed and replaced with new fuel flow divider PN-WE3883842-2 NSN and solenoid 
valve PN-WE3883738-1 NSN per CMP G 493011 item 11.153. 
$5,572.61 
51.64 
Discrepancy: 8.22 
Horizontal stabilizer Rfil hoist plug stripped. 
Ref. 13.1 
Resolution: Replaced horizontal stabilizer Rill and Lill hoist plugs PN: 1159CSM50558-00I with new horizontal stabilizer R/II and 
Lill hoist plugs PN: 1159CS3150558-001 per drawing 1159CS3150558 Rev.B. and G550 AMM 20-42-00 Rev. Mar.31/17. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD. 
Time and Material 
$1,145.84 
Total USD: 
$1,145.84 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.22 kl 
1159CS3450558-00I 
PLUG, HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
5389.48 
$389.48 
HOISTING STOP 
8.2282 
1159CS3450558-00I 
PLUG, HORIZONTAL STABILIZER 
5378.18 
$75636 
HOISTING STOP 
Discrepancy: 813 
L/H Flap "B" Track Aft I/B Roller is worn beyond limits per G550 AMM 27-50-00 Rev. March 31/17 
Ref. 13.2 
Resolution: Replaced Lill Flap "B" hack Aft 1/B Roller with new roller, P/N KRP233012FT, IAW CMP G550 275037 and Drawing 
1159CS54220 Rev G 
Labor USD: 
Pans USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
Time and Material 
$1,168.00 
$999.18 
$2,167.18 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.23 #1 
KRP233012FT 
ROLLER. FLAP TRACK 
$703.50 
S703.50 
8.23 #5 
1159C'ShI54233-19 
WASHER 
591.20 
S182.40 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoicc.rpt v3 
Page II of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811215
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.23 #6 
8.23 47 
8.23 48 
hIS17826-8 
hIS24665-370 
NA56704L13 
NUT 
COTTER PIN 
BOLT 
$2.42 
$0.22 
$108.00 
$4.84 
$0.44 
$108.00 
Discrepancy: 8,24 
Rft1 Flap "B" Track Aft DB Roller is worn beyond limits per 6550 A6161 27-50-00 Rev. March 31/17 
Ref. 13.2 
Resolution: Summary: Removed R/11 Flap "B" *hack Aft outboard bracket Replaced FUR Flap "B" Track Aft 1/B roller with new 
roller, P/N KRP233012FT. Installed R/H Flap "B" Track Aft outboard bracket. Work performed per CMP O550 275038 
and Drawing 1159CS54220 Rev G. 
See steps below for detailed work performed. 
Labor USD: 
Pans USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
8.24 #1 
8.24 #2 
8.24 #3 
Step: 8.24.1 
Step: 8.24.2 
Step: 8.243 
Billing Method 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Pan number: 
KRP233012FT 
NAS6704LI I 
NAS67041,11 
ST 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
8.92 
® 
$146.00 
$1,302.32 
31,056.60 
$2,358.92 
Description 
Quantity  
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
ROLLER. FLAP TRACK 
I 
$703.50 
$703.50 
BOLT 
$117.70 
$117.70 
BOLT 
$117.70 
$235.40 
Completed 
Removed RAI Flap "B" Track Aft outboard bracket. Replaced Rai Flap "B" Track Aft 
I/B roller with new roller. FIN KRP233012FT. per ChIP G550 275038 and Drawing 
1159CS54220 Rev G 
Completed 
Recieved ok to install and installed R 11 Flap Track "B" AFT O/B roller fitting. Bolts 
still require torque and fitting requires sealant per 1159CS54220 Rev G. 
Completed 
Bolts require torque and fitting requires sealant per 1159C'S54220 Rev G. 
Discrepancy: 8.27 
Rh i Pylon leading edge seal torn 
Resolution: Replaced R/11 Pylon leading edge seal per DWG 1159P57911 
rev. C 
Labor USD: 
Pans USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Billing Method 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
ST 
3.47 
@ 
$146.00 
$506.62 
$2,044.87 
$2,551.49 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.27 #1 
1159SCP510-18E 
SEAL, LEADING EDGE. R/H 
52,027.56 
$2,027.56 
8.27 #2 
NAS8802-3 
BOLT 
$2.72 
$8.16 
8.27 #3 
MS21043-04 
NUT-SELF LKG,CRES,RING BASE 
$2.06 
$6.18 
8.27 #4 
NASI149DN816K 
WASHER 
50.22 
$0.66 
8.27 #5 
MS21043-08 
NUT, SELF LOCKING. REDUCED H 
$0.77 
42.31 
Discrepancy: 8.29 
NLG %% ire harness Is contacting hydraulic lines in aft NLC wheel well when gear is retracted. Found while 
accomplishing clearance check. 
REF 13.1.1 paint traveler 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawkslnvoice.rpt v3 
Page 12 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
wt 
EFTA00811216
--- PAGE 13 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: Adjusted AFTsection of NLG wire harness (P/N: 1159SCAV516-5) to clear hydraulic lines and repositioned teflon 
protective wrap (P/N: GAP105F2C2). Retracted NLG and verified NLG harness does not contact hydraulic lines. All 
work performed per AMM 655032-26-03 Dated MArch 31/17 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5876.00 
Total USD: 
5876.00 
Discrepancy: 8.30 
L/11 MLG brake harness has tear in insulation located near upper hydraulic brake swivel. Found while 
accomplishing clearance check. 
REF 13.1.1 paint traveler 
Resolution: Summary : Complied with LH MIA: brake harness insulation tear repair 1AW SR1052 Rev-B. No defects noted. Sec steps 
below for details of work performed. 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5584.00 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
535.44 
Total USD: 
$619.44 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.30#1 
GAC501K400H1 
BANDCLAMP 
I 
$32.99 
$32.99 
8.30 #3 
GAS830CV150-0 
SLEEVING 
I 
$1.76 
$1.76 
8.30 Al 
GAS830CV100-0 
SLEEVE 
I 
$0.69 
$0.69 
Step: 830.1 
Completed 
Replaced upper broken clamp on Left 311.6 strut. All maintenance performed using 
DWG 1159130300 REV K. 
Torque Wrench CN: 562086 Date Due: 09118 
Step: 830.2 
Completed 
Complied with I.H 311.(i brake harness insulation tear repair LAW SR1052 Rev-B. No 
defects noted. 
Discrepancy: 831 
LAI hal: brake harness is kinked near upper hydraulic brake swivel when gear is retracted. Found while 
accomplishing clearance check. 
REF 13.1.1 paint traveler 
Resolution: Summaary : Added heat shrink to harness to move the bending point of the harness. Placed mulct-jai butted up to 
repaired area extending up toward the plug end and heat in place. See steps below for details of work performed. 
Engineering disposition complete. See item 8.31.2 
Billing Method 
flours 
Rate 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$1,168.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$6.28 
Total USD: 
$1,174.28 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
83181 
GAS830CV100-0 
SLEEVE 
$0.69 
$2.76 
831#2 
GAS830CV150-0 
SLEEVING 
$1.76 
$3.52 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 13 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811217
--- PAGE 14 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Step: 831.1 
Step: 831.2 
WO fl: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Completed 
Request Engineering Disposition 
Completed 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: Add heat shrink to harness to move the bending point 
of the harness to a desired location (gear up), similarly: add apmx. 4 inches heat shrink. 
Place material butted up to repaired area extending up toward the plug end and heat in 
place. Center a 4-6" piece of heat shrine on top of that butt joint, and heat in place. Add 
or remove heat shrink shrink material to increase or decrease flexibility of impingement. 
Discrepancy: 832 
LAI #5 Flap pillow block assembly is worn and making a loud grinding sound when operated with 3000 psi mule. 
Ref. 11.99 
Located at RBS 260 
Resolution: Removed Lill #5 pillow block assembly PN-I159SCC504-15 SN-3924 and installed new block PN-1159SCC504-15 
SN-7992 per 6550 AMM 27-53-05 Aug 30/09. Complied with flap system operational with no defects noted per 6550 
AMNI 27-50-00 Nov 15/17. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
14.84 
@ 
$146.00 
$2,166.64 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,811.89 
Total USD: 
$3,978.53 
Pans: 
Rd: No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
832#1 
1159SCC504-15 
PILLOW BLOCK, FLAPCONTROL 
I 
$1,758.99 
$1,758.99 
DRIVE 
832 #2 
NAS6404U6D 
BOLT 
50.00 
$0.00 
832 #3 
NASI 587-4C 
WASHER 
$1.69 
$338 
832#4 
NASI149D0463K 
WASHER 
$0.23 
$0.46 
832#5 
202-16I26-4L 
NUT, SELF LOCKING 
$23.62 
$47.24
832#6 
NIS24665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.22 
S0.44 
832 #7 
MS24665-86 
COTTER PIN 
$0.23 
5138 
Discrepancy: 833 
R/I1 #5 Flap pillow block assembly is worn and making a loud grinding sound when operated with 3000 psi mule. 
Ref. 11.99 Located at RBS 260 
Resolution: Removed R/11 #5 pillow block assembly PN-1159SCC504-15 SN-3945 and installed new block PN-1159SCC504-15 
SN-7995 per 6550 ANIM 27-53-05 Aug 30/09. Complied with flap system operational with no defects noted per 6550 
AMM 27-50-00 Nov 15/17. 
Billing Method 
I lours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
14.05 
(a 
5146.00 
$2,05130 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.35 
;tit 
5146.00 
$51.10 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,810.51 
Total USD: 
$3,912.91 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
833 #1 
1159SCC504-15 
PILLOW BLOCK, FLAP CONTROL 
I 
$1,758.99 
$1,758.99 
DRIVE 
833#2 
NAS6404U6D 
BOLT 
50.00 
50.00 
833#3 
NASI 587-4C 
WASHER 
$1.69 
5338 
833#4 
NASI149D0463K 
WASHER 
$0.23 
50.46 
833#5 
202-16I26-4L 
NUT, SELF LOCKING 
$23.62 
$47.24 
833 #6 
MS24665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.22 
50.44 
Discrepancy: 836 
RAH NLG door step is out of limits .060. (0.035 Max)) 
Ref. 13.1.1 Paint Travel Section D Line NI 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 14 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811218
--- PAGE 15 ---
Bill To: Plan D. LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: Removed cotter pins (2ea.). loosened jam nuts and adjusted R/II and Lilt NIG door control rod P/N: 159L10085-9. 1/2 
turn out to achieve proper door fit stated per CV-GER-313 Rev. P Adjusted R./II SIC aft door stop until contact was 
made with bumper stop. Installed new cotter pins and tightened control rod jam nuts. Cycled doors and checked for 
proper operation and indications with no faults noted. Work done per GV-GER-313 Rev. P 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.00 
@ 
S146.00 
5876.00 
Total USD: 
$876.00 
Discrepancy: 8.38 
RAI #2 E-window upper heat contactor showing signs of arcing. 
Re( Item 19.1.12 
Resolution: Removed contactor P/N 1159F50236-22 from RAI #2 E-window frame and installed new contactor P/N 1159F50236-22 as 
per GAC Drawing 1159F50236 Rev B. 
Ref item 19.1.12 for heat check following window installation 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Bitting Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
Time and Material 
$146.00 
$250.00 
$396.00 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.38#1 
1159150236-22 
CONNECTOR ASSY. M DO-R1L 
$250.00 
S250.00 
GVFS490 
Discrepancy: 8.40 
Lill engine has Fire-loop B fault, during and after fireloop test in cockpit. 
Resolution: Removed L/H Fire control box PN: 51653-154 SN: 3305 
and installed repaired Fire control box PN: 51653-154 SN: 2763. Performed operational check with no defects noted. All 
work done per 6550 ChIP 261201 (Ref 11.151) and CMP G550 261211 (Ref 11.154) 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.13 
® 
S146.00 
5164.98 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
1.50 
@ 
S146.00 
5219.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
57.922.87 
Total USD: 
58.306.85 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
8.40 #1 
51653-154 
CONTROLLER, FIREWIRE 
I 
$7,921.03 
$7,921.03 
8.40#2 
MS35207-264 
SCREW 
50.23 
$0.92 
8.40#3 
NAS1149D0316H 
WASHER 
50.23 
$0.92 
Item: 9 
Paint 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSNJCSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 15 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811219
--- PAGE 16 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Item: 10 
Outstanding Pans, Materials, and / or Services 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 
Follow on CMP Codes / Maintenance Tasks 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 
WCR's - Work Change Requests 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 12.3 
WCR 3- APPROVED: Customer requests to remove the two (2) console tables and lids from the cabin side ledges. 
Resolution: Removed Ltl #2 and RII #2 console tables and lids from the cabin side ledges Per CE522280107 Rev - Reveneered 
Revennered with Dark Eucalyptus Veneer part# CSE150717-1LP Lt 17-366384. Reference RSQCT-400 Rev.-, Index #9 
for details of work done. 
Ref. 19.24 for flammability data. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
510.840.00 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
5207.00 
Total USD: 
5'1.047.00 
Step: 123.1 
Completed 
Wood Labor Only 
Step: 123.2 
Completed 
INT Support (R&R) Labor Only 
Step: 123.3 
Completed 
Inspection Labor Only 
Step: 123.4 
Completed 
Electrical Engineering 
Step: 123.5 
Completed 
Mechanical Engineering 
Step: 123.6 
Completed 
Removed the two (2) console tables and lids from the cabin side ledges per drawing # 
CE522280I07-0I Rev.-
Discrepancy: 12.4 
WCR 4- APPROVED: Customer requests to remove all cabin dual cupholders and replace with single cupholders. 
No cupholders will be required al the divan or the area where the two console tables are removed. 
Resolution: Removed all cabin dual cupholders and replaced with single cupholders.RII #1, 2 and LII #1, 2, and 3 Ledges.Removed 
cupholders al the divan area and Res ennered with Dark Eucalyptus Veneer part# GSE150717-1LP Lt 17-366384 
All work done per CE522280108 Rev -
Reference RSQCT-400 
Index #9 for details of work done. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Fiat Rate 
513,322.00 
Parts USD: 
Fiat Rate 
54105.00 
Total USD: 
514,427.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
12.4 #1 
2123X2.43NEC 
CUPHOLDER 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 16 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811220
--- PAGE 17 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO C. SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 12.4.1 
Completed 
INT Sheet Metal Labor Only 
Step: 12.4.2 
Completed 
Wood Labor Only 
Step: 12.4.3 
Completed 
Inspection Labor Only 
Step: 12.4.4 
Completed 
Nlechaincal Engineering 
Step: 12.4.5 
Completed 
Bonded hardwood to fill-in unwanted cup holes using DP-420 per CE522280108-0I 
Rev.-
Discrepancy: 12.6 
WCR 6- APPROVED: Customer requests to replace the galley and gaffe!, annex counter top nosings with 
hardwood. 
The current nosings will be removed. The new nosings will be fabricated of hardwood and veneer. 
Resolution: Removed existing nosing and installed new galley and galley annex counter top nosings with Hardwood P/N 
8-4QTR-SAWN-MOZAMBIQUEILOT # LT17-365416 
LAI Galley Veneer P/N GSE 150717-1LP 
LOTS/ LT17-366384 
Bonded per CCS 1136 TYPE 1 REV K. & CCS1109 Rev A 
Ref. 
Ref 19.24 for flammability & Ref 12.6.7 for work performed) 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Ratc 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
$7,884.00 
$1,338.00 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
12.6 #1 
GSM344001007-101 
STOP 
12.6 #2 
AN525-10R10 
SCREW 
12.6 #3 
AN525-10R11 
SCREW 
12.6 #4 
AN525-10R12 
SCREW 
$9,222.00 
Step: 12.6.1 
Completed 
Wood Labor Only 
Step: 12.6.2 
Completed 
INT Finish and Paint Labor Only 
Step: 12.6.3 
Completed 
Inspection labor Only 
Step: 12.6.4 
Completed 
Mechanical Engineering 
Step: 12.6.5 
Completed 
Stress Engineering 
Step: 12.6.6 
Completed 
Verify material for R/H Galley annes.,and LEH Galley Veneer P/N GSE 150717-1LP 
LOT# LTI7-366384. 
Hardwood P/N 8-4QTR-SAWN-MOZAMBIQUE ILOT # LT17-365416. 
Bonded veneer per CCS 1136 TYPE 3 REV J. 
Bonded hardwood per CCS 1136 TYPE 1 REV J. 
Received okay to send to finish. 
Step: 12.6.7 
Completed 
Hardwood P/N 8-4QTR-SAWN-MOZAMBIQUE ILOT # LTI7-365416. 
Bonded hardwood nosing on I/H GalleyMay per CCS 1136 TYPE 1 REV K. Ref. 
GPM308001581-301 rev ne. 
Step: 12.6.8 
Completed 
Finish- Lai Galley hardwood nosing 
Step: 12.6.9 
Completed 
Finish - Rut Galley annex 
Item: 
Option 1- Full Paint - (Ref. Item D 1.1 of Proposal ID8 7037536, ROD) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Pan/Model #: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 17 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811221
--- PAGE 18 ---
Bill To: Plan D. LLC. 
WO It: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 13.1 
Option I- Full Paint 
The preparation and application of the exterior paint will be applied in accordance with the procedures and 
specifications outlined in the Culfstream Aerospace Material and Process Specification (CAMPS 4000) and will 
include the following Customer specified elements: 
The existing paint will be removed from the aircraft. 
Composite surfaces will be scuff sanded to remove the gloss front the existing paint. 
The main entrance Airstair door, Airstair door jamb. and baggage door jamb will be painted to match the 
primary 
fuselage color. 
C. The inside of the landing gear doors will be painted with the same base color as the outside surface. 
O The landing gear will be cleaned. 
O Wing walks will be applied in accordance with approved data. 
O A new radome boot will be applied. 
MI antenna leading edges will have erosion tape applied. 
O Previously polished metal surfaces will be huffed. 
K The inside surfaces of the airbrakes will be painted. 
r. After completion of the exterior paint, a weight and balance will be performed on the aircraft. 
Any items not listed above will be quoted on a per item basis by the Culfstream facilities Paint Operations 
Manager. including labor and materials on a Work Change Request (WCR). 
""" SEE APPENDIX FOR ADDITIONAL INFO *** 
Resolution: Complied with full paint. See steps below for details of all work accomplished. 
In addition to the paint specifications listed above, the following standard Culfstream Aerospace Paint Specifications 
will be incorporated: 
The existing paint will be removed from the aircraft. 
Composite surfaces will be scuff sanded to remove the gloss from the existing paint. 
The main entrance Airstair door. Airstair door jamb, and baggage door jamb will be painted to match the primary 
fuselage color. 
The inside of the landing gear doors will be painted with same base color as the outside surface. 
The landing gear will be cleaned. 
Wing walks will be applied in accordance with approved data. 
A new radome boot will be applied. 
All antenna leading edges will have erosion tape applied. 
Previously polished metal surfaces will be buffed. 
The inside surfaces of the air brakes will he painted. 
After completion of exterior paint, a weight and balance will be performed on the aircraft. 
Any items not listed above will be quoted on a per item basis by the Culfstream facility's Paint Operations 
Manager. including labor and materials on a Work Change Request (WCR). 
Billing NIethod 
flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
4223,060.00 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
S'25,294.00 
Services USD: 
Flat Rate 
$'21,108.00 
Total USD: 
4269,462.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
13.1 HI 
PAINT KIT GV 6550 
PAINT KIT FOR GV, G550 
I 
13.1 #2 
CA18050C GAL 
SOLVENT REDUCER 
13.1 #3 
P10010-155 
LACQUER, ACRYLIC-FLAT BLACK 
13.1 #4 
J328 
DEGREASER, ZONE DEFENSE (I EA- 
I 
GL PAIL) 
13.1 #5 
P12144081-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE #654 SENIKIT 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE 
13.1 #6 
CA8905HP 
CLEAR COAT KIT GL 
I 
13.1 #7 
AN525-832-8 
SCREW 
13.1 #8 
NASI149DN816K 
WASHER 
13.1 #9 
MS210421.08 
NUT, SELF LOCKING 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
DAC_RevenueSquawkfinvoice.rpt v3 
Page IS of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811222
--- PAGE 19 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
13.1 #10 
738651E5-01 
PAINT, ELITE BLUE IMRON AF700 
13.1 #11 
137755-01GL 
THINNER 
13.1#12 
AF740 
PAINT, CLEAR COAT 
13.1 #13 
131105 
CATALYST 
13.1 #14 
137655 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #15 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #16 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #17 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #18 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #19 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #20 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #2I 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #22 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #23 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #24 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #25 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #26 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #27 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #28 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #29 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #30 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #31 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #32 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #33 
131105 
CATALYST 
I 
13.1 #34 
137655 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #35 
137655 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #36 
137655 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #37 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #38 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #39 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #40 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #41 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #42 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #43 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #44 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #45 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #46 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #47 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #48 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #49 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #50 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #51 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #52 
13765.5 
REDUCER 
I 
13.1 #54 
CA1805CX GAL 
SOLVENT REDUCER 
13.1 #55 
PR1440B1-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE #654 SEMKIT 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE 
13.1 #56 
CA8905HP 
CLEAR COAT KIT GL 
I 
13.1 #57 
D9001 
CONVERTER 
13.1 #58 
D8003 
SURFACER, SANDING 
13.1 #59 
400 EVERCOAT 
EVERCOAT FILLER 
13.1 460 
140N2022S1 
FUSELAGE DRAIN VALVE 
13.1 #61 
GASI3AN-1-41 
SEAL, BUTTONED STRIP, WHEEL 
WELL DOOR (5' SECTION) 
13.1 #62 
MS27039C0807 
SCREW-MACHINE, CRES PAN HD, 
STRL 
13.1 #63 
NAS1149DN816K 
WASHER 
13.1 #64 
MS27039C0808 
SCREW, PAN HEAD, X RECESSED 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 19 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811223
--- PAGE 20 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
13.1 #65 
MS24693S26 
SCREW, MACHINE. FLAT 
COUNTERSUNK HD. 100 DEG. 
CROSS RECESS 
13.1 #66 
MS24693-528 
SCREW 
13.1 #67 
AN525832R7 
BOLT 
13.1 #68 
AN525-832R11 
SCREW 
13.1#69 
NAS1149DN816H 
WASHER, FLAT ALUMINUM 
13.1 #70 
MS21042108 
NUT, SELF LOCKING 
13.1 #7I 
AN525-832R5 
SCREW 
13.1 #72 
MS27039-0809 
SCREW, MACHINE 
13.1 #73 
NA51149CN816R 
WASHER-FLAT CRES 
13.1 #74 
140N2022S1 
FUSELAGE DRAIN VALVE 
I 
13.1 #75 
MS24665-155 
COTTER PIN 
13.1 #78 
NIS27039C0807 
SCREW-MACHINE, CRES PAN HD, 
STRL 
13.1 #79 
NAS43DD3-36FC 
SPACER SLEEVE 
13.1 #80 
SJ8665FP021-I 
RADOME BOOT 
I 
13.1 #81 
MS24665-302 
COTTER PIN 
13.1 #84 
GAS18h1-1-1440 
SEAL 
13.1 #85 
MS24694-C7 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
100 DEG, STRI, CROSS RECESSED 
13.1#86 
NIS24694C7 
SCREW, CSK - 100 DEGREE - 
STRUCTURAL-ST 
13.1 #87 
NAS1149CN816R 
WASHER-FLAT CRES 
13.1 #88 
MS24694-C7 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
100 DEG, STRI, CROSS RECESSED 
13.1 #89 
MS21043-08 
NUT, SELF LOCKING, REDUCED H 
13.1 #90 
MS24694-C7 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
100 DEG, STRI, CROSS RECESSED 
13.1.1 #1 
NAS1581K4R5 
BOLT 
13.1.1 #2 
NAS1580V3R6 
SCREW 
ISO 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
13.1 #3 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
13.1 #1 
IAS. Cardoza, 13.1.6.8 hrs. 2/5-2/11 
1.00 
13.1 #2 
IAS, Cardoza, 13.1.6.8 hrs.2/12-2118 
1.00 
13.1.2 #1 
IAS Graf. David 20.0 HRS item 13.1.2 
1.00 
13.13 #1 
IAS Biddle, Brett 40.O !IRS and 4.0 HRS OT item 13.1.3 on 
1.00 
121I1117-12/14/17 
13.13 #2 
IAS Graft. David 11.0 IIRS item 13.13 on 12/13/17 
1.00 
13.1.5 #1 
IAS Blanton 40 hrs + 5hrs 01 13.1.5 12/17 
1.00 
13.1.6 #1 
IAS,SIKE.S.,12/25-12/31..13.1.6.„16 HOURS 
1.00 
13.1.6 #2 
IAS , Sikes ,13.1.6 , 46hrs. , 1/8 - 1/13 
1.00 
13.1.6 #3 
IAS, Johnson,13.1.6, 2 brs, 1/29-214 
1.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 20 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Wet 01 
EFTA00811224
--- PAGE 21 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 13.1.1 
Completed 
Mechanical Paint Traveler 
Step: 13.1.1.1 
Completed 
Temporarely install of panel 325AT. and panel 337CT for paint traveler per 6550 AMM 
55-3040 Rev.Nov 15/17. Ref.13.1.1 
Step: 13.1.1.2 
Completed 
Remove panel 325AT. and panel 337CT after completion of paint traveler per 6550 
AMM 55-30-00 Rev.Nov 15/17. Ref.17.1 
Step: 13.1.1.3 
Completed 
Complied with landing gear cycling operational checks. No faults noted at this time. 
Work done per 6550 AMM 32-0040. Nov 15/17 
Step: 13.1.1.4 
Completed 
Panel 325AT installed. needs sealant, panel 337CT waiting for ops checks prior to final 
installation 
Step: 13.1.13 
Completed 
Complied with Aircraft paint traveler RSQCT-330 Rev.8. Ref.paper copy for work 
performed. 
Step: 13.1.2 
Completed 
Strip Aircraft 
Step: 13.13 
Completed 
Prep Aircraft 
Step: 13.1.4 
Completed 
Layout Aircraft 
Step: 13.1.5 
Completed 
Paint Aircraft 
Step: 13.1.6 
Completed 
Detail Aircraft 
Step: 13.1.7 
Completed 
Weight and balance 
Step: 13.1.7.1 
Completed 
Complied with the physical weighing of the aircraft as outlined in the steps of RSQCT 
Rev 17 and the 6550 Weight and Balance Manual. 
Step: 13.1.7.2 
Completed 
Competed the weight and balance report and insert into the customer's weight and 
balance manual. 
Step: 13.1.8 
Completed 
customer support 
Step: 13.1.9 
Completed 
engineering support 
Discrepancy: 13.3 
Radome to structure perimeter steps- detail inspection Rill side negative step of .053 out of limits, marked with 
masking tape with arrows per 6550 AMM 53-02-01 Rev. Nov 15/17. Ref.Plant traveler 11A. 
Resolution: Complied with engineering disposition on item 13.3.1.1 see steps below for all work preformed 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.45 
@ 
$146.00 
$65.70 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.25 
@ 
$222.00 
$55.50 
Total USD: 
$121.20 
Step: 133.1 
Step: 133.1.1 
Step: 133.2 
Step: 1333 
Completed 
Request engineering disposition to correct Rill side negative step on radome that is out 
of limits. 
Completed 
Engineering Disposition: 
It is acceptable to repair the out-of-tolerance radome steps in accordance with 
Gulfstream Service Letter 651.005300001 Rev. - ."Aerodynamic Filler Sweep - Fair 
Procedure - Radome Steps". This Gulfstream Service Letter (GSL) is classified as a 
Manufacturer's Sen ice Document and is governed by Advisory Circulars 20-176A and 
AC 120-77. Completing a repair per a Gulfstream Service Letter is similar to 
completing a repair per the Structural Repair Manual (SRM): No serial number specific 
FAA Form 8100-9 is required and will not be provided in support of a 651. repair. The 
Engineering (Source) Data for this Service Letter has been shown to comply with the 
applicable FAR's and is FAAApproved. Engineering source data is retained by 
Gulfstream as proprietary data. 
Completed 
Request paint to comply with engineering dispo during full strip and paint. ref item 13.1 
Completed 
Comply with post-paint radome to fixed structure perimeter steps and gap 
measurements. 
Discrepancy: 13.5 
Replace MED helicrank cover hardware where attaches at airstair riser rail with unpainted screws and washers 
per customer request. 
Resolution: Replaced MED hardware with correct hardware PN:AN525-832-7 per Drawing 159BP10023 Rev.Il. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$126.65 
Total USD: 
$126.65 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 21 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811225
--- PAGE 22 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO tol: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
13.5 #1 
13.542 
13.5#3 
13.5#4 
13.5#5 
13.5#6 
13.5 #7 
13.5#8 
13.5#9 
AN525-832-1 I 
NAS1149DN816H 
NIS210421.08 
AN525-832R11 
AN525-832R11 
AN525-832R11 
AN525-832R11 
WH832R11D613W H 
AN525-832R11 
SCREW 
WASHER, FLAT ALUMINUM 
NUT, SELF LOCKING 
SCREW 
SCREW 
SCREW 
SCREW 
SCREW 
SCREW 
$7.27 
$0.23 
$0.44 
$0.22 
$0.22 
50.22 
$0.22 
$7.87 
$0.74 
$7.27 
42.30 
44.40 
$0.22 
S1.10 
S0.22 
S0.22 
$110.18 
$0.74 
Discrepancy: 13.7 
One drain diverter missing just forward of tail compartment door. 
Resolution: Replaced drain diverter PN:1159BM47517-13 just forward of tail compartment door per G550 AMM 53-51-00 RevJan 
15/10. Time adhesive GAA100BD04 was applied 14:00 PM, set in 6 hours. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$11235 
Total USD: 
$11235 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
13.7 #1 
1159BM47517-13 
D1VERTER DRAIN, AFT LOWER 
$11235 
$11235 
PANEL 
Discrepancy: 13.8 
Customer Requests to polish and swap L/H and Rill overwing E-light lenses. 
Resolution: ***summary*** 
Removed 6 overwing emergency light lenses. Polished lenses. Reinstalled 6 overwing emergency light lenses. Sealed 6 
overwing emergency light lenses. 
See steps below for details of work perforated. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
18.00 
(a 
5146.00 
$2,628.00 
Total USD: 
Step: 13.8.1 
Completed 
Removed 6 overwing emergency light tense covers. 
Step: 13.8.2 
Completed 
Sealent required for 6 overwing emergency light lease coven 
$2,628.00 
Item: 
Photographic Documentation - (Ref. Item D 2.1 of Proposal ID4 7037536, R00) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Modci N: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 15 
Jet ConneX (Ka-band) High -Speed Data System Installation - (Ref. Item B 2.2 of Proposal ID# 7038248 R02) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Parttivlodcl 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 22 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811226
--- PAGE 23 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LW. 
WO Ft: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 15.1 
Jet ConneX (Ka-band) High Speed Data System Installation 
Gulfstream will install this latest version of high-speed Broad-Band data system. 
One (1) Modem Manager (MODMAN) will be installed in the aft baggage compartment in a new cabinet. If Sat 
TV is 
Installed, the existing cabinet will be modified and reused unless the cost exceeds the new cabinet installation. 
As the overall manager for the system. the MODMAN is responsible for providing the user interfaces to the 
aircraft/passengers. 
One (I) Aeronautical Personality Module (APM) will be located in the baggage compartment equipment cabinet 
and 
holds the configuration data for the system. 
One (1) Ka-band Aircraft Network Data Unit (KANDU) will be installed in the boiler room. The KANDU receives 
commands from the MODMAN through an Ethernet interface to configure the antenna/KRFU and reports status 
over 
this Ethernet interface 
One (1) Ka-band Frequency Unit (KRFU) will be installed in the proximity of the TMA assembly on top of the tall 
empennage. 
The KRFU contains a Block-Down Converter (BDC) to convert the received Ka-band frequencies to IF 
frequencies 
and also is made up of a Block-Up Converter (BUC) to convert the IF frequencies to Ka-band frequencies. A 
High-
Power Amplifier (IIPA) increases the signal strength for transmission by the antenna. 
One (I) Tail Mounted Antenna (TMA) will be mounted on top of the tail empennage underneath the radome. 
The antenna system is to acquire and establish communications with satellites in various orbits to enable beyond 
lineof-
sight communications between airborne, ground fixed, and ground transportable terminals. 
The Radome will be removed and replaced by a new Ka-band capable radome. 
Certification: The Jet ConneX (Ka-band) High-Speed Data System along with the Satcom Direct Router will be 
installed via Gulfstream STC; expected, availability of STC. 4th Quarter 2017. 
.•• SEE APPENDIX *fl 
Resolution: Complied with installation of Jet ConneX (Ka-band) High-Speed Data System per STC ST03238AT-D Index List 
GC413038007 Rev R, Configuration Lists GC513038031 Rev A, GC513038034 Rev A, and GC513038035 Rev —. 
Reference Custom Electrical Drawing List CESI 4960797 Rev E and Custom Mechanical Drawing List CE52005173 Rev 
C for deviations. 
Complied with GC41 429G002 Rev — and GC51 303G007 Rev — Ground Test Plans with no defects noted. 
Instructions for Continued Airworthiness GC51 303A004 Rev F applicable to this installation and incorporated Into 
maintenance program. 
Airplane Flight Manual Supplement GC51 303M005 Rev F incorporated into Flight Manual 
Reference GWBR000000160 Rev — for Weight and Balance Supplement. 
Reference GC51 4696768 Rev — for Electrical Load Analysis 
Ref 15.30 for Cockpit Storage Box upuolstered with Grospoint Pewter P/N GPFR0242 (Ref work 15.20) 
Reference CE51 4696543 Rev -- for Electrical Load Supplement. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 23 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811227
--- PAGE 24 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO Ii: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
One (I) SDR will be installed in the aft baggage and interfaced with the existing aircraft Internet capable systems. 
New wiring for the 3C cellular antenna will be installed in the cabin in an engineering approved location. 
If the aircraft has an existing Cogo system installed, the SDR will be integrated with the Cogo utilizing existing 
Ethernet provisions for single SSID, unless otherwise directed by Owner/Operator. If provisions are not present. 
Ethernet cabling will be quoted as a separate item. 
New Components: 
One (1)90400012-0001 - Honeywell Modem Manager (MODMAN) 
One (1)90401121 - Honeywell Aeronautical Personality Module (APM) 
One (I) 90401202 - Honeywell Ka-band Frequency Unit (KRFU Convection Cooled) 
One (1)90409013-0001 - Honeywell Tail Mounted Antenna (TMA) 
One (I) 90401566 - Honeywell Ka-band Aircraft Network Data Unit (KANDU) 
One (I) I233-F-2191-10 - Satcont Direct Router (SDR) 
One (I) Radome 
Various Installation Kits 
Certification: The Jet ConneX (Ka-band) High-Speed Data System along with the Salcom Direct Router will be 
installed via Culfstream STC; expected. availability of STC, 4th Quarter 2017. 
Notes: 
If an existing Sat TV system is removed to accommodate the Ka band system the CMS software may be modified 
to remove the Satellite Television. This modification is not included in the sell price of the Ka band system and will 
be provided after a detailed engineering review is completed. estimated charges approximately $18,000. 
Changes to the Aircraft's Completion Center Maintenance handbook (CCNIII), or Cabin Operating Manual 
(COM) are not included as part of this Proposal. Should a modified CCMH or COM be requested by the 
Customer, it may be provided al additional charge. 
Culfstream may require assistance from the Customer's Information Technologies (IT) department for the 
configuration of the high speed data system. 
Notes: (continued) 
This involvement will verify proper system configuration as well as provide system simplicity to the operator. 
This will be coordinated at the time of installation and will be completed prior to delivery of the aircraft. 
The Customer must establish and maintain a service subscription for the Ka-band system. 
Quote assumes sufficient space is available for the equipment above and does not include relocation of 
equipment to provide space. 
This installation is a managed program. Please contact your Regional Sales Manager to coordinate the ay ailabilit 
of components and installation. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Raw 
Total 
Labor USD: 
fl at Rale 
S192.054.00 
Parts USD: 
Flat Rate 
$492.946.00 
Services USD: 
No Charge 
's; t 
Total USD: 
S685.000.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quanta> 
15.1 #1 
1233-F-2191-I0 
SATCOM DIRECT ROUTER 
15.1 #2 
100-1021-30 
ANTENNA 
I 
15.183 
100-1021-50 
ANTENNA 
I 
15.1 #4 
PE9079 
ADAPTER, TNC TO SMA 
15.185 
P18350-001 
TERRETRIAL MODEM ANTENNA 
I 
15.1 #6 
ST03238AT-D 
INSTALLATION OF SATCOM (HIGH 
I 
SPEED DATA HD-I28) SYSTEM 
15.187 
GPM004001402-301 
PEDESTAL SWITCH PANEL ASSY 
I 
15.1 #8 
27498-4101 
SLEEVE 
15.189 
27498-006 
SPACER 
I 
15.1810 
GAC830T3 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 #I1 
M24308/4-3F 
PLUG, D-SUB, 25-PIN 
I 
15.1812 
M2430812-3F 
RCPT, SOCKET, D-SUB. 25-20 GA 
I 
15.1813 
DBI15339-22 
BACKSHELL 
I 
15.1814 
27498-006 
SPACER 
I 
15.1815 
GPM004001714-301 
KA PED OVERLAN 
I 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenuaquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 24 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811228
--- PAGE 25 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
15.1 #16 
27498-001 
SLEEVE 
15.1 #17 
27498-008 
SPACER 
15.1 #18 
N1S27473T12F3S 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 #19 
M85049/49-2-I2N 
BACKSHELL 
I 
15.1 #20 
N1S27473T16F55S 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 021 
M85049/49-2-I6N 
BACKSHELL 
I 
15.1 #22 
N1S27473T18F35S 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 #23 
M85049/49-2-I8N 
BACKSHELL 
I 
15.1 #24 
27500-010 
SWITCH 
' 
15.1 #25 
500-35750-101 
KIT, SDR COAX CABLE 
I 
15.1 #26 
P16917-001 
REMOTE WIFI ANTENNA 
I 
15.1 #27 
GAR540BY16 
RING 
15.1 #28 
GAR540BY22 
RING 
15.1 #29 
D20419 
CLIP 
l00 
15.1 #30 
GAC861A11424S 
CABLE, ONE CONTINUOUS LENGTH 
100 
ON SPOOL 
15.1 #32 
(;ABSIIAB6B6 
BOLT 
15.1 #33 
(;ABSIIAB6B7 
BOLT 
15.1 #34 
GAB511AB6B8 
BOLT, PROT SHEAR HEAD. TI 
15.1 #35 
GABSIIAB6B4 
BOLT 
IS 
15.1 #36 
GAB5IIAB8B8 
BOLT, PROTRUDING SHEAR HEAD. 
TITANIUM 
15.1 #37 
GANSIOAA6 
COLLAR, SHEAR 
15.1 #39 
GAB5HAB6B5 
BOLT, PROTRUDING SHEAR HEAD. 
TITANIUM 
15.1#411 
GAS830AJ2 
SOLDER SLEEVE (BRAID) 
100 
15.1#41 
GAS830AHI 
SOLDER SLEEVE (PIG TAIL) 
100 
15.1 #42 
GAT805H10-08 
LUG.TERMINAL.YELLOW1/8 
15.1 #43 
GAT805H18-38 
TERMINAL 
15.1 #44 
GAT805H18-3B 
TERMINAL 
15.1 #45 
GAT805H18-08 
LUG, TERMINAL, RED, #8 
15.1 #46 
324484 
CAP END 
100 
15.1 #47 
GAT805P8-08 
TERMINAL 
15.1 #48 
GAT805H10-3A 
TERMINAL 
15.1#49 
5684-01 
CLIP ASSEMBLY, 90 DEG. ANGLE 
15.1 #51 
I73H7100 
HINGE BASE (BLUM LARGE) 
15.1 #52 
GA436-5B 
PANEL ASSY-CONSOLE BLANK 
(COLOR GREY) 
15.1 #53 
NAS1581K4R6 
BOLT 
15.1 #54 
110872 
TNC CONNECTOR. STRAIGHT PLUG 
15.1#55 
M24308/2-IF 
RCPT, D-SUB. 9-SOCKET 
I 
15.1 #56 
GAR835NKI 
RELAY 
I 
15.1 #57 
65009-001-513 
SOCKET 
I 
15.1 #58 
(7.1716E0ID-513 
DEU COMPOSITE TERMINATION 
i 
SYSTEM 
15.1 #59 
1-480698-0 
PLUG 
I 
15.1#611 
ABMM-A-C 
CABLE, TIE MOUNT 
15.1 #61 
1032JI9-24 B/R 
INSERT, THREADED 
15.1#62 
225791-3 
INSERT, SIZES FOR RGI88 
15.1 #63 
P18350-001 
TERRETRIAL MODEM ANTENNA 
I 
15.1 #64 
D38999/26FDI9SN 
CONNECTOR. PLUG 
I 
15.1 #65 
D38999/26FC4PN 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 #66 
AS21919WDG23 
CLAMP 
I 
15.1#67 
M53367-I-9 
STRAP. TY WRAP 
1.000 
15.1 #68 
NASI802-3-13P 
SCREW, HEX HD, CRUCIFORM REC, 
FULL THD, A286 CRE.S 
15.1 #69 
NASI802-3-8P 
SCREW 
15.1 #70 
MS210421.3 
NUT 
15.1#71 
NAS1149F0332P 
WASHER. FLAT STEEL 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 25 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811229
--- PAGE 26 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LW. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
15.1 #72 
NASI802-3-10P 
SCREW. HEX HD, CRUCIFORM REC, 
FULL THD, A286 CRES 
15.1 #73 
NIS27039C0807 
SCREW-MACHINE, CRES PAN HD, 
STRL 
15.1#74 
NASI149FN832P 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL 
15.1 #75 
MS25083-7BBI I 
JUMPER, BONDING CNT 
I 
15.1 #76 
310701 
CABLE, COAX 
15.1 #77 
CTR002 
PLUG, TNC, 90 DEGREE 
I 
15.1#78 
BTS002 
RCPT, TNC BULKHEAD 
I 
15.1 #79 
2-139N602-70 
O-RING 
15.1 #80 
E1257-70/2-015 
RING RUBBER 
15.1 #81 
NASI580C3T12 
BOLT 
15.1 #82 
BTS002 
RCPT, TNC BULKHEAD 
I 
15.1 #83 
CTR022 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 #84 
27500-044 
SWITCH 
I 
15.1 #85 
CT.S-S20/20 
CONTACT 
15.1 #86 
XP-610 
PRINTER, EPSON 
I 
15.1#87 
ABMM-A-C 
CABLE, TIE MOUNT 
IS 
15.1 #88 
M24308/4-IF 
CONNECTOR 
I 
15.1 #89 
MS35207-269 
SCREW 
15.1 #90 
D436-36 
SLEEVE 
200 
15.1 #91 
GAC860K-I 
END CAP, WHITE 
300 
15.1 #92 
324485 
WIRE END CAPS 
150 
15.1#93 
GAC860K-3 
END CAP-BLUE 
100 
15.1 #94 
GAC860K-4 
END CAP (YELLOW) 
100 
15.1#95 
CTS002 
PLUG, TNC, STRAIGHT 
I 
15.1 #96 
CTS022 
CONNECTOR 
15.1 #97 
GARI00B2B0031 
RUBBER .031 SHEET 
15.1 #98 
MS35207-260 
SCREW 
15.1 #99 
MS35207-262 
SCREW 
15.1 #100 
MS35207-264 
SCREW 
15.1 #101 
MS35207-266 
SCREW, MACH, PAN HEAD, CROSS 
REC, CARBON STL, CADMIUM PLD 
15.1 #102 
GAN10%1032 
NUT 
100 
15.1 #103 
NASI149D0316H 
WASHER 
100 
15.1 #104 
NA51149F0363P 
WASHER. FLAT STEEL 
100 
15.1 #105 
NA51149F0332P 
WASHER. FLAT .STEEL 
100 
15.1 #106 
GAS805K3 
SPLICE 
15.1#107 
GAC860N08 
CAP D300-08 
15.1 #108 
GAC860NI2 
CAP 
15.1#109 
GAC860NI8 
CAP, SPLICE 
15.1#110 
VS-08-RJ45-5-Q/IP20 
CONNECTOR, RJ45 (GRAY) 
15.1 #111 
M81969-1-01 
INSERT/EXTRACT GREEN/WHITE 
METAL 
15.1 #112 
91066-4 
EXTRACTOR TOOL 
15.1#113 
M81969-14-0I 
EXTRACTOR, GREEN/WHITE 
PLASTIC 
15.14114 
N181969/14-10 
TOOL, ORANGE/RED INSERTION 
AND EXTRACTION 
15.1 #115 
NII5570-22-I 
TOOL 
15.1 #116 
NIS27039C1-12 
SCREW, PAN HEAD, X RECESSED 
15.1#117 
294-541 
EXTRACTOR, AMOHENOL 
15.1 #118 
GAR100B2B0063 
RUBBER .063 SHEET 
15.1 #119 
1159AV33022-5 
CIRCUIT BREAKER ASSEMBLY 
(ESDS MATERIAL) 
15.1 4120 
58T-101 
EATON EXTRACTION TOOL 
15.1 #121 
43031-0009 
PIN 
IS 
15.1.5#1 
GC524980001-121 
BRACKET ASSEMBLY 
15.1.5 #2 
MS24694555 
SCREW. 100 DEGREE CSK 
STRUCTURAL 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 26 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811230
--- PAGE 27 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LW. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO 4: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
15.1.5 #3 
M527039-1-04 
SCREW. PAN HEAD MACHINE 
15.1.5 #4 
GSM805001267-101 
ANGLE 
15.1.5 85 
GSIM806002351-101 
BRACKET 
15.1.5 #6 
CB200-40 
ADHESIVE, ACRYLIC (DUAL PACK 
CARTRIDGE) PLUNGER PLA050-10 
ML 
15.1.5 #7 
021200-50009 
NOZZLE, STATIC MIXER, SHORT 
100 
GOLD NOZZLE FOR 1.5OZ 
15.1.5 #8 
CCSI005-09-48.00 
ANGLE 
I 
15.1.5 #9 
CCSI005-33-48.00 
ANGLE 
I 
15.1.5 #10 
NASI836-06-10 
INSERT 
15.1.5 #11 
MS35206-226 
SCREW 
15.1.5 #12 
TC141 
BRACKET, TIE-DOWN 
15.1.5 #13 
MS21266-77 
GROMMET, PLASTIC, EDGING 
15.1.5 #14 
MS3339-4-9 
PLATE MOUNTING 
15.1.5 #15 
1.41520470AI-5N RED 
RIVET 
15.1.5 #16 
NAS1149DN832J 
WASHER 
15.1.5 #17 
GAB51IGA3-4 
BOLT 
100 
15.1.5 #18 
GAB51IGA3-6 
BOLT 
100 
15.1.5 #19 
GAB511GA3-7 
HI-BOLT 
100 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
15.1.1 #1 
15.1.2 #1 
RFE. M. Eddy. 15.1.1, 3.0 hrs, 11/27 - 12/03/2017 
1.00 
AETS. Molnar. 15.1.2, 1.0 hrs, 1/22 - 1/28/2018 
1.00 
Step: 15.1.1 
Completed 
Avionics Engineering Labor Avionics 
Step: 15.1.2 
Completed 
Mech Engr 1.abor Avionics 
Step: 15.1.3 
Completed 
AVI Systems Test Labor Only 
Step: 15.1.4 
Completed 
AVI /Electrical Labor Only 
Step: 15.1.5 
Completed 
AVI Sheet Metal Labor Only 
Step: 15.1.5.1 
Completed 
lightly scuff sanded 5" area around routed area. then cleaned area with cheese cloth 
and isopropyl alcohol. 
Cut and impregnated 3 plies of 120 style fiberglass cloth with 828 resin. Applied 
impregnated fiberglass on routed area and vacuum bagged and 24 inches of mercury. 
Let dwell for I hour and heat cured at 140 for 4 hours. 
After cure sanded excess resin smooth to blend new plies into original contour. 
Reference engineers dispo 88 15.8.1.1 
Step: 15.1.6 
Completed 
LNT Support (R&R) Labor Only 
Step: 15.1.7 
Completed 
SC Maintenance/Hangar / Primary Codes /Touch Labor Only 
Step: 15.1.8 
Completed 
SC Paint Labor Only 
Step: 15.1.9 
Completed 
Inspection Labor Only 
Step: 15.1.10 
Completed 
Weight and Balance Labor Only 
Item: 
KA BAND HARNESS FABRICATION 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 17 
ASC 085A X94 Weather Installation - (Ref. Item B 2.3 of Proposal 'DM 7038248 R02) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 27 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811231
--- PAGE 28 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 17.1 
ASC 085A XM Weather Installation 
This Service Change installs an antenna, receiver, two (2) data ports and associated wiring for the XM satellite 
weather system. 
Either a fore or an aft installation may be selected based on aircraft configuration. 
Aircraft that are provisioned for XN1 installation may require an engineering review to complete the installation. 
Provisions may include wiring, antenna, receiver, data ports or any combination of these components and are 
typically 
installed during completion. 
Prerequisites: 
_ ASC 908 - PlaneView Master Operating Software System Software Update (Cert Fox) 
Prior to. or at the time this ASC is ordered, operators will be required to supply a configuration report of the 
Central Maintenance Computer (CMC). 
The CMC report can be stored on the aircraft PC laptop then electronically submitted to Gulfstream at 
asc.softwareCtgulfstream.com. 
Allow three (3) to five (5) days for the CMC report review and up to twenty-one (21) days for the creation of a 
new 
Options Data disk. 
Effectivity: This Service Change is applicable to aircraft Serial Numbers 5001 - subsequent. 
Notes: 
Interior access to perform this installation is not included in the kit price. 
Aircraft configuration. installation location of the system and availability 
of spare wiring may impact labor 
hours, 
amount of access required and could necessitate additional engineering. 
This ASC is a managed program. Incorporation must be coordinated through Gulfstream Aircraft Scheduling 
at 
800-810-GULF (4853) or 912-965—$178. 
If not scheduled, aircraft downtime could increase significantly. 
This Service Change may only be installed at a Culfstream Aerospace facility. 
Resolution: Complied with ASC 085A XM Weather Installation 
Ref Item 17.2 CMP 970851 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
$16,060.00 
$63,940.00 
Total USD: 
$80,000.00 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
17.1 #1 
ASC085A-1 GSSP 
KIT, XM SATELLITE WEATHER 
INSTALLATION, 5001-SUB(KIT 
ONLY) 
17.1 #2 
RGI42B/U 
COAX 
17.1#3 
HET-A-02C 
FERRULE, SHIELD 
17.1 #4 
PLC131-58 
TYRAP 
17.1 #5 
BTS722 
RCPT, RFTNC 
I 
17.1 #6 
CTS722 
CONNECTOR 
I 
17.1 #8 
M24308/4-IF 
CONNECTOR 
I 
17.1 #9 
GAC835MR20S 
CONTACT 
17.1#10 
C55722 
PLUG, SMA, STRAIGHT 
I 
17.1#11 
CSR722 
PLUG, SMA,90° 
I 
17.1 #12 
CTS722 
CONNECTOR 
I 
17.1 #13 
MS21919WDG2 
CLAMP 
17.1 #14 
MS21919WDCA 
CLAMP PTYPE-CUSHIONED,1/4 IN 
17.1#15 
MS21919WDG3 
CLAMP P TYPE-CUSHIONED, 3416 
INCH 
17.1 #16 
DCR-IA-05 
RAIL 
I 
17.1 #18 
GAN IOW 1032 
NUT 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 28 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811232
--- PAGE 29 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LW. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
17.1 819 
GATIIF-BR3-I0A 
TERMINAL INSTALL, ELEC 
GROUNDING AND BONDING 
17.1821 
ABI4-SA 
LUG,TERMINAL-ELEC 
17.1822 
GATIIF-BR3-I0A 
TERMINAL INSTALL, ELEC 
GROUNDING AND BONDING 
17.1 823 
A10086 
TIE-DEX BAND 
17.1824 
AS21919WDG08 
CLAMP. LOOP 
17.1 825 
NASI802-3-14P 
SCREW (AP) 
17.1826 
NASI802-3-8P 
SCREW 
17.1 #27 
58T-101 
EATON EXTRACTION TOOL 
Item: 18 
ASC 912 and ASC 123 Planeview MOS Upgrade - (Ref. Item B 2.4 of Proposal ID# 7038248 R02) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model 8: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSWISO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 18.1 
ASC 912 and ASC 123 Planeview MOS Upgrade 
ASC 912: 
This Service Change (ASC 912) installs the Planeview Master Operating System (MOS) software Media Part 
Number 
(PN) MM7031235-024. 
ASC 123: 
This Service Change (ASC 123) loads a combination of new and existing software based on current aircraft 
configuration. 
Prerequisites: 
Submit an APN1 Settings & Riggings form 
ASC 910 - Planeview MOS Software Update or later; or production equivalent is the minimum cert level 
required. 
Prior to. or at the time this ASC is ordered, operators will be required to supply a configuration report of the 
Central Maintenance Computer (CMC). 
The CMC report can be stored on the aircraft PC laptop then electronically submitted to C airstream at 
asc.software(it gulfstream.com. 
Operators utilizing Custom Electronic Checklist (ECL) must order new software. Prior to. or at the time this 
ASC is 
ordered, software may be ordered from the Custom ECL page on NlyCulfstream.com 
Concurrent Requirements: ASC 912 and ASC 123 are complied with in conjunction. 
Effectivity: This Service Change is applicable to aircraft Serial Numbers 5001 - 5549. This, or a similar change. 
will be 
installed during initial phase manufacturing on aircraft Serial Numbers 5550 and subsequent. 
Notes: 
Aircraft that do not meet the prerequisite minimum level for modification may utilize drawing 11595857083 to 
meet the requirements of ASC 107 and ASC 910. This drawing may only be used concurrently with ASC 123 and 
ASC 912. 
Aircraft utilizing drawing 1159SB57083 to meet the prerequisite minimum requirements of ASC 107 and AM' 
910 
are part of a managed program conducted by Product Support Program Management (PSPM). 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH ASC 912 and ASC 123 Planeview MOS Upgrade 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
53,306.00 
Parts USD: 
No Charge 
N/ C 
Total USD: 
53,306.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 29 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 161 
EFTA00811233
--- PAGE 30 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.1 81 
ASC912-I GSSP 
18.1 82 
ASC123-I GSSP 
KIT, INDICATING/ RECORDING 
$0.00 
$0.00 
PLANEVIEW MOS UPDATE, 
5001-5549 
KIT, INDICATING/RECORDING 
$0.00 
$0.00 
PLANEV1EW AVIONICS 
ENHANCEMENTS. 5001-5549 
Item: 19 
Reveneer Woodwork - (Ref. Item A 1.1 of Proposal ID# 7039407 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Part/Model 8: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSNffSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 19.1 
Reveneer Woodwork 
The existing veneer covered components will be removed from the aircraft and stripped of all veneer surfaces, 
hardwood caps. and nosing. 
All substrate will be cleaned and prepped for application of new selected veneer with corresponding hardwood 
caps and nosing. 
Modifications or repairs to any substrate material or structural hardware will be evaluated and addressed on a 
time and material basis. 
All the existing latches will be cleaned and retained. New hardware. if requested. will be addressed on a time and 
materials basis. 
New Customer Selected Veneer will be applied to the existing substrates. 
The new veneer will be finished with Gulfstream standard III-BIL clear coat finish and polished to a 
predetermined luster. 
All applicable internal surfaces will be cleaned and retained in existing condition. Painting or recovering of the 
internal surfaces will he addressed on a time and materials basis. 
Inlays of any type such as wood. metal. or stone inlays are not included in this proposal. Existing inlays will be 
evaluated on a case-by-case basis and addressed on a time and materials basis. 
Burn certification is predicated upon the existing substrates meeting all the FAA flammability requirements. 
Gulfstream is not responsible for any existing materials meeting burn requirements. 
The recovered doors, panels, and cabinetry will be reassembled and installed in aircraft. All adjustments will be 
made to ensure correct fit and function. 
Equipment relocation is not part of this proposal and will be addressed on a time and materials basis. 
***SEE APPENDIX FOR ADDITIONAL INFO*" 
Resolution: Ref steps 19.2 thru 19.23, For details of veneer covered components that were removed from the aircraft and stripped of 
all veneer surfaces, hardwood caps, and nosing. Reveneered and new hardwood caps and nosings were completed with 
customer approved materials. Ref R&I for details of reinstallation 
REF 19.24 and 19.30 for Veneer & Hardwood Flammability 
Notes: 
Staining or Tinting Finish to achieve a specific color or grain pattern is not included in this proposal. Any finish other 
than natural will be evaluated and addressed on a time and materials basis. 
This proposal includes Natural Wood Veneer. Composite Veneer (due to ordering limitations) may require Gulfstream 
to purchase additional sheets of that product. Should additional sheets will be required: the Customer will be advised of 
the additional charges. 
Sharp radiuses on ledges and other cabinetry that are covered with veneer will require additional labor charges and 
will be accomplished on a time and materials basis. 
Proposal is based on reusing all applicable substrate and componentry. 
All plating will be accomplished on a time and materials basis. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$163,510.00 
Parts USD: 
Flat Rate 
$68,984.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 30 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811234
--- PAGE 31 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
&niers USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Flat Rate 
Part number: 
Description 
$470,155.00 
5702,649.00 
Quantity 
19.1 #1 
M520-01437 
STAIN, RAW UMBER PENETRATING 
19.1 #2 
NI520-2247 
MOHAWK BLACK ULTRA 
PENETRATING STAIN 
19.1 #3 
M520-00017 
REDUCER, ULTRA PENETRATING 
STAIN, GALLON 
19.1 #4 
P63563A 
LEX EDGE OUTDOR SOYD. 
19.1 45 
P77709A 
INTENSE RED (FOIL) 
19.1 #6 
P77685A 
911.1 FX BLACK SPOT FOIL GERBER 
EDGE GSP 
19.1 #7 
P77753A 
PLACARD, RUBY RED GERBER 
I 
FOIL 
19.1 kt1 
T1310-14 
TRANSFER RITE 1310 UTRACLEAR 
TAPE 14" x 100 VD 
19.1 #9 
GSE150717-1LP 
QTR FIG DARK EUCALYPTUS 
1,139 
19.1 #10 
P65580A 
GERBER IMAGECAST, CLEAR, IS 
IN/38CM-P 
19.1 #11 
1357 NEUTRAL 5GAL 
ADHESIVE CEMENT, 5GAL, 
I 
GAA100AU1 
19.1 #12 
923450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #13 
929-91-3.5L 
HARDENER,GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #14 
352-91 GAL 
REDUCER 
19.1 #15 
S-4QTR-SAWN-MOZAMBI( HARD WOOD QTR SAWN 
150 
MOZAMBIQUE 
19.1 #20 
MS2469456 
SCREW 
19.1 #21 
NIS24694S6 
SCREW 
19.1 #22 
hIS35206-226 
SCREW 
19.1423 
222S 
PAINT-MID-COAT ADHESION 
PROMOTER 
19.1 #24 
NAS1149FN832P 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL 
100 
19.1425 
GSE150717-1LP 
QTR FIG DARK EUCALYPTUS 
126 
19.1 #26 
DMA50 
DISPENSING GUN KIT FOR 50hIL 
EPDXY CARTRIDGES 
19.1427 
hIEGM10001 
PRO SPEED COMPOUND 
19.1 #28 
P65580A 
GERBER IMAGECAST, CLEAR, IS 
IN/38CM-P 
19.1 #29 
1357 NEUTRAL 5GAL 
ADHESIVE CEMENT, SGAL, 
GAA100AU1 
19.1 430 
923450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1432 
923450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #33 
923450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #34 
929-93 
GLASURIT HARDNER (35 LITER) 
19.1#35 
929-91-3.5L 
HARDENER,GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #36 
P77788A 
WHITE (FOIL! 
I 
19.1 #37 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1 #38 
CA40 
ADHESIVE I OZ 
19.1 #39 
PRONTO SURFACE 
ACTIVATOR 
19.1 #45 
923460GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
I 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 31 of 63
ucw 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
EFTA00811235
--- PAGE 32 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Description 
Quantity 
19.1 #47 
437-2263 
PRIMER, IN WC EXTUFF (5 GAL 
PAIL) 
19.1 #46 
923-4S0GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #48 
923-45061 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #49 
923-450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #50 
923-450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1#51 
923-450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #52 
923-450 ;L 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 1453 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER,GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 1454 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER, GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #55 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER,GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #56 
832J16-2IBR 
INSERT 
19.1 #57 
400 EVERCOAT 
EVERCOAT FILLER 
19.1 #58 
GMS5005-I QT 
EPDXY PRIMER COATING (TYPE I) 
3012 QUART KIT (44GN011 QK) 
19.1 #59 
282.01.701 
SUPPORT, SHELF 
19.1#611 
PRONTO SURFACE 
ACTIVATOR 
19.1 #63 
923450GL 
CLEARCOAT, MULTI-TEMP BAKING 
URETHANE ACRYLIC, GLASURIT 
(35 LITER) 
19.1 #64 
DMD1684/GL 
PAINT, DELTRON BASECOAT 
WHITE 
19.1 #65 
DMD1683IGL 
PAINT, DELTRON BASECOAT 
BLACK 
19.1 #66 
CA8000KICKER QT 
PAINT KICKER 
19.1 #67 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER, GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #68 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER, GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #69 
929-91-3.51 
HARDENER, GLASURIT FINISH 
19.1 #70 
522-10 
ACCELERATOR, DRYING ADDITIVE 
19.1 #71 
522-10 
ACCELERATOR, DRYING ADDITIVE 
19.1 #72 
352-91 GAL 
REDUCER 
19.1 #73 
GMS5005-I QT 
EPDXY PRIMER COATING (TYPE I) 
3012 QUART KIT (44GN011 QK) 
19.1 #74 
hIEGNI10001 
PRO SPEED COMPOUND 
19.1 #75 
M524693-C26 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT 
COUNTERSUNK HD. 100 DEG. 
CROSS RECESS 
19.1 #76 
MS24694-53 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT CTSK HD, 
100 DEG, STRL, CROSS RECESSED 
19.1 #77 
22001-15 
ISOLATOR 
19.1 #78 
MS27039-1-6 
SCREW 
143 
19.1 #79 
MS27039-1-09 
SCREW, MACHINE PAN HEAD 
150 
STRUCTURAL 
19.1 #80 
NAS1149F0332P 
WASHER. FLAT STEEL 
100 
19.1 #81 
NAS6603-7 
BOLT-HEX HEAD, CLOSE 
TOLERANCE 
19.1 #82 
AN970-3 
WASHER. FLAT 
19.1 #83 
M527039-1-06 
SCREW-MACHINE,PAN HEAD 
19.1 #84 
1032J19-24 B/R 
INSERT. THREADED 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawkslnvoice.rpt v3 
Page 32 of 63
ucw 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
EFTA00811236
--- PAGE 33 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
WO #: SC521661 
Description 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Quantity 
19.1 #ss 
NAS6603-6 
BOLT, HEX HEAD, CLOSE 
TOLERANCE 
19.1 #86 
CA40 
ADHESIVE I OZ 
19.1 #87 
PRONTO SURFACE 
ACTIVATOR 
19.1 #88 
GAPIO5A15C 
KYDEX 100(#62015) IVORY-.060 
I 
19.1 #89 
151.01.710 
FLUSH HANDLE 
I 
19.1 #90 
NAS1149D0332K 
WASHER. FLAT ANODIZED 
ALUMINUM 
19.1 #91 
NAS1149D0363H 
WASHER 
19.1 #92 
1159F57355-3 
BRACKET AS.SY 
19.1 #94 
GAG8106H3 
GASKET, U.S. 100% INSPECTED 
19.1 #95 
GAG8106H3 
GASKET, U.S. 100% INSPECTED 
19.1 #96 
MS24693-530 
SCREW, MACHINE, FLAT 
COUNTERSUNK HD, 100 DEG, 
CROSS RECESS 
19.1 #97 
MS24693-532 
SCREW, COUNTERSINK-I00 
DEGREE 
19.1 #98 
MS24665-300 
COTTER PIN 
19.1 #99 
NAS1580C3T17 
BOLT 
19.1.5 #2 
NAS1611-015A 
-RING 
19.1.5 #3 
NASM24665-I53 
COTTER PIN 
19.1.5#4 
NAS1611-013A 
-RING 
' 
19.1.5 #8 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5#9 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 DZ 
19.1.5 #10 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #11 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #12 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #13 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #14 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #15 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #16 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
19.1.5 #17 
DPIOOFR 
EPDXY ADHESIVE, 1.7 OZ 
I 
19.1.8.6 #1 
M52469456 
SCREW 
.2 
19.1.8.6 #2 
M52469456 
SCREW 
IS 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
19.1 #1 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.13 #1 
Vendor Supplied Labor SAPS 
1.00 
19.1.4 #1 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #2 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #3 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #4 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #5 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #6 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #7 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #8 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #9 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
19.1.4 #11 
Vendor Supplied Labor 
1.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 33 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811237
--- PAGE 34 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO tt: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 19.1.1 
Completed 
AV1 /Electrical Labor Only 
Step: 19.1.2 
Completed 
INT Sheet Metal Labor Only 
Step: 19.13 
Completed 
Wood Labor Only (270 ) 
Deducted 270 hours from the original 1897 hours for vendor supplied labor (SAPS) 
Step: 19.1.4 
Completed 
INT Finish and Paint Labor Only 
Total Hours 1186 
Outside Labor for 11/27 to 12/6 
197 hrs 
Outside Labor for 12/4 to 12/10 208 hrs 
Outside Labor for 12/11 to 12/17 58 hrs 
Outside Labor for 12118 to 12124 40 hrs 
Outside Labor for 1/2 to 1/7 90 hrs 
Outside Labor for 1/8 to 1/14 180 hrs 
Outside Labor for 1/15 to 1/21 120hrs 
Outside Labor for 1122 to 1/28 180hrs 
Outside Labor for1/29 to 2/4 60 hrs 
Outside Labor for2/5 to VII 50 hrs 
Step: 19.1.5 
Completed 
NT Support (R&R) Labor Only 
Step: 19.1.5.1 
Completed 
****VOID**** Entere din wrong section 
Removed all old sealant from the outboard edges of the MED entn way fwd and aft 
bulkhead veneer pieces per .A3134 G550 20-4240 March 31/17. The edges are taped and 
are ready to be scaled. 
Step: 19.1.5.2 
Completed 
*****VOID*** ENT in wrong section ref 
Applied PR 1440 BI/2 sealant to M.E.D. aft bulkhead veneer closeout at 01:00 on 
3/1/2018 per 6550 AMM 20-42-00 March 31/17. 
Step: 19.1.6 
Completed 
Inspection Labor Only 
Step: 19.1.7 
Completed 
Flammability t Placards Labor Only 
Step: 19.1.8 
Completed 
Wood Shop Labor to Strip Existing Veneer. 
Step: 19.1.8.1 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - RH and LH 680 Bulkheads and Door. 
Step: 19.1.8.2 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT LAN' Niche and Shroud. 
Step: 19.1.8.3 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT Lay Vanity 
Step: 19.1.8.4 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT LH Closet. 
Step: 19.1.8.5 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT RH Closet. 
Step: 19.1.8.6 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT LH Galley. 
Step: 19.1.8.7 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -AFT RH Galley Annex. 
Step: 19.1.8.8 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - 4 Divan End Cabinets. 
Step: 19.1.8.9 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -Cabin Ledges. 
Step: 19.1.8.10 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - Console Tables. 
Step: 19.1.8.11 
Completed 
Strip Veneer- FWD Pocket Door. 
Step: 19.1.8.12 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - FWD RH and 1.11 Cabin Bulkheads. 
Step: 19.1.8.13 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - PSU Handrails. 
Step: 19.1.8.14 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - FWD Crew Refresh Cabinet. 
Step: 19.1.8.15 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - FWD RH Lay. 
Step: 19.1.8.16 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - REER and LEER panels. 
Step: 19.1.8.17 
Completed 
Strip Veneer -Acoustic Door. 
Step: 19.1.8.18 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - Entry Panels (2) 
Step: 19.1.8.19 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - AFT LAV Door. 
Step: 19.1.8.20 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - FWD Lav Door. 
Step: 19.1.8.21 
Completed 
Strip Veneer - Magazine Racks. 
Step: 19.1.9 
Completed 
Wood Shop Labor to Reveneer Cabinets. 
Step: 19.1.9.1 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -1.11 and RH 680 Bulkheads and Door. 
Step: 19.1.9.2 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - AFT LAV Niche and Shroud. 
Step: 19.1.9.3 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT Lay Vanity. 
Step: 19.1.9.4 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT LH Closet. 
Step: 19.1.9.5 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT RH Closet. 
Step: 19.1.9.6 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT LH Galley. 
Step: 19.1.9.7 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT RH GalleyAnnex. 
Step: 19.1.9.8 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - 4 Divan End Cabinets. 
Step: 19.1.9.9 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -Cabin Ledges. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 34 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811238
--- PAGE 35 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - FWD Pocket Door. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - FWD LH and RH Bulkheads. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - PSU Hand Rails. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - FWD Crew Refresh Cabinet. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - FWD RH Lay. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - LEER and Reer Panels. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - Acoustic Doors. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - Entry Bulkheads (2) 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer -AFT Lav Door. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - FWD Lay Door. 
Completed 
Labor to Veneer - Console Tables. 
Completed 
1.abor to Veneer - Magazine Racks. 
Completed 
Wood Shop Labor to Assemble Cabinets. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - LH and RH 680 Bulkheads and Door. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble -AFT Lay Niche and Shroud. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - AFT Lay Vanity. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble -AFT LH Closet. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble - AFT RH Closet. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - AFT LH Galley. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - AFT RH Galley Annex. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble - 4 Divan End Cabinets. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - Cabin Ledges. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble - Console tables. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble - FWD Pocket Door. 
Completed 
1.abor to Assemble - FWD LH and RH Cabin Bulkheads. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - FWD Crew Refresh Cabinet. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - FWD RH Lim 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - Leer and Reer Panels. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - Acoustic Doors. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - AFT Lay Door. 
Completed 
Labor to Assemble - FWD Lay Door. 
Completed 
***Entered in Error******* 
Flammability Data. 
Completed 
Removal/Install of R/H #1 and R/H #2 E-windows required for access for interior 
installation. As per 6550 AMM 52-22-00 Rev Nov 15/17. 
Step: 19.1.9.10 
Step: 19.1.9.11 
Step: 19.1.9.12 
Step: 19.1.9.13 
Step: 19.1.9.14 
Step: 19.1.9.15 
Step: 19.1.9.16 
Step: 19.1.9.17 
Step: 19.1.9.18 
Step: 19.1.9.19 
Step: 19.1.9.20 
Step: 19.1.9.21 
Step: 19.1.10 
Step: 19.1.10.1 
Step: 19.1.10.2 
Step: 19.1.10.3 
Step: 19.1.10.4 
Step: 19.1.10.5 
Step: 19.1.10.6 
Step: 19.1.10.7 
Step: 19.1.10.8 
Step: 19.1.10.9 
Step: 19.1.10.10 
Step: 19.1.10.11 
Step: 19.1.10.12 
Step: 19.1.10.13 
Step: 19.1.10.14 
Step: 19.1.10.15 
Step: 19.1.10.16 
Step: 19.1.10.17 
Step: 19.1.10.18 
Step: 19.1.11 
Step: 19.1.12 
Step: 19.1.12.1 
Step: 19.1.12.2 
Step: 19.1.12.3 
Step: 19.1.12.4 
Step: 19.1.12.5 
Step: 19.1.12.6 
Step: 19.1.13 
R/H #1 P/N 1159SCCE500-23 S/N 0702030 
R/H #2 P/N 1159SCCE500-23 S/N 0701885 
Completed 
Removed FUH #1 and R/H #2 E-windows for access for interior installation. As per 
6550 .AMM 52-22-00 Rev Noy 15/17. 
FUN #1 P/N II 59SCCE500-23 S/N 0702030 
FUN #2 P/N 1159SCCE500-23 S/N 0701885 
Completed 
Install of R/H #1 and Rill #2 E-windows for access for interior installation. As per G550 
AMM 52-22-00 Rev Nov 15/17. 
Ref.11.141. 11.142 
Rill #1 P/N 1159SCCE500-23 S/N 0702030 
RAF #2 P/N 1159SCCE500-23 SIN 0701885 
Completed 
CMP G550 562115 Cabin Windows- Leak Check 
Ref.11.143 
Completed 
CMP G550 560001 Emergency Window Release Mechanism - Functional Test 
Ref.11.144 
Completed 
CMP 6550 304110 CABIN WINDOW HEAT - 0PS TEST 
Ref.11.145 
Completed 
E-window #2 is out of limits on emergency window release mechanism - fuctional test. 
inside pull is at 42. and outside pull is at 65. 
Completed 
Summary: 
Removed all old sealant from the outboard edges of the MED entry way fwd and aft 
bulkhead veneer pieces per AMM G550 20-42-00 March 31/17. The edges are taped and 
are ready to be scaled. 
see sub-steps below 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksinvoicc.rpt v3 
Page 35 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811239
--- PAGE 36 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 19.1.13.1 
Completed 
Applied PR 1440 8112 sealant to M.E.D. aft bulkhead 'veneer closeout at 01:00 on 
3/1/2018 per 6550 AMM 20-42-00 March 31/17. 
Step: 19.1.13.2 
Completed 
Applied PR 1440 B1/2 sealant to M.E.D. AA bulkhead veneer closeout at 4:30pm on 
3/1/2018 per 6550 AMM 20-42-00 March 31/17. 
Step: 19.1.14 
Completed 
Permanently install MED airstair upper handrail bolts where handrails attach to 
bulkheads (NA and aft). 
Item: 20 
Registration Change 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TS0: 
CSN/CS0: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 20.1 
Comply with registration change as outlined in RSQCT-115 Rev. 12. Registration change to N2I2JE. 
Resolution: Complied with registration change as outlined in RSQCT-115 Rev. 12. 
Reference steps below and traveler paper copy index #13A for details of work performed. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
37.64 
@ 
$146.00 
$5,495.44 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
4.46 
® 
$146.00 
$651.16 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.63 
@ 
$222.00 
$1,027.86 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$31.80 
Total USD: 
$7,206.26 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
20.181 
CTS-S22/22 
CONTACT 
$0.51 
S15.30 
20.182 
GAS805IC2 
SPLICE 
50.22 
$6.60 
20.1 83 
GAC860K-2 
END CAP-RED 
$033 
49.90 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 36 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
urns 
EFTA00811240
--- PAGE 37 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO St: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 20.1.1 
Completed 
Customer requests that the Gulfstream (WA issue a replacement standard airworthiness 
certificate due to registration change. Provide to the ODA the following items: 
A. A copy of the workorder cover sheet with current hours and landings. 
B. Standard Airworthiness Certificate. FAA Form 8100-2. 
C. Certificate of Aircraft Registration. AC Form 8050-3. 
Step: 20.1.2 
Completed 
Require a written original statement signed by the registered owner or certificate 
opreator to request a replacement airworthiness certificate. The request shall include the 
registration number. serial number. make and model of the aircraft as well as the reason 
for the request. 
Step: 20.1.3 
Completed 
Review the aircraft records and inspect the aircraft to ensure the request is justified and 
the aircraft is eligible for the certification requested. Records review consists of 
verification that there are no open maintenance due actions or airworthiness directives. 
Aircraft inspection consists of a data plate and registration marking examination. with a 
visual review of the aircraft for obvious conditions impacting aircraft safety. 
Step: 20.1.4 
Completed 
Verify current aircraft registration. reference 14 CFR 47: Hard copy Registration AC: 
form 8050-3 for new registration number or Assignment of Special Registration Number 
AC form 81)50-64 alnd hard copy of old Registration AC Form 8050-3 8050-3 or Dealer 
Registration AC Form K050-6. 
Step: 20.1.5 
Completed 
Verify new registration number is installed on the aircraft. Ref: I4CFR 45.23, 45.25. 
45.29 & 4533. 
Step: 20.1.6 
Completed 
Verify aircraft ID plate installation. Ref: 14 CFR Part 45. 
Step: 20.1.7 
Completed 
FAA form 8100-2 issued for new registration number by Gulfstream ODA. 
Step: 20.1.8 
Completed 
If the customer defers Gulfstream ()DA issuance of a replacement airworthiness 
certificate. a Corridor squawk will be signed as deferred by the customer. Rref : 14 
CFR 91.203 (a) (1) 1
Step: 20.1.9 
Completed 
Re-strap/ Re-program transponders to new registration. (Transponders with Mode S) 
Step: 20.1.10 
Completed 
Re-Strap/Re- program SEI.CAl. to new code if ownership changes. 
Step: 20.1.11 
Completed 
Commission SATCOM for new ownership / or Re-Strap SDU for new registration 
number change. 
Step: 20.1.12 
Completed 
Reconfigure Magnastar. Aircell. & Iridium systems. 
Step: 20.1.13 
Completed 
Configure AFIS. New installation or registration number change. Re-strap via Laptop. 
Step: 20.1.14 
Completed 
Install new registration number placards in cockpit. 
Step: 20.1.15 
Completed 
Install(if new) SELCAL number in cockpit. 
Step: 20.1.16 
Completed 
Change logo on Airshow / Cabinview. if ownership changes. 
Step: 20.1.17 
Completed 
Re-strap or re-program ELT's (406MHZ) in aircraft ( As required to new registration 
and / or country code). 
Step: 20.1.18 
Completed 
Reconfigure High Speed Data Units or BBML. 
Step: 20.1.19 
Completed 
Reconfigure Display Controllers Tail number ISELCAL. 
Step: 20.1.20 
Completed 
Verify proper registration of ELT's (406MHZ) ( if installed in life rafts). 
Step: 20.1.21 
Completed 
Reconfigure the Enhanced Flight Identification Code to the current registration 
Step: 20.1.22 
Completed 
()plain a copy of the Export Certificate of Airworthiness. Foreign Airworthiness 
Certificates. all Foreign Registration Documents and archive with the workorder. 
Item: 
Month CNIP Tasks (Exhibit 1)-(Ref. Item C 1.1 of Proposal ID4 7039702 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model 8: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSNJCSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 21.1 
Accomplish 12 Month CNIP Tasks (Exhibit 1) 
Notes: 
Correction of discrepancies is not included in the quoted price. 
Materials / Outside Services will be billed as required. 
Resolution: Complied with 12 Month CMP Tasks. 
See squawks below for details of all work accomplished. 
(Complied with all required tasks for a 12 months/1C check) 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
liAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 37 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811241
--- PAGE 38 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$9,298.00 
Total USD: 
$9,298.00 
Discrepancy: 21.32 
CMP G550 312003 BATTERY, PILOT CLOCK 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 312003 BATTERY, PILOT CLOCK 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$2.63 
Total USD: 
$2.63 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
21.32 #1 
MN9I00 
BATTERY, LW SIZE N, DURACELL 
$2.63 
52.63 
Discrepancy: 21.33 
CMP G550 312004 BATTERY, COPILOT CLOCK 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 312004 BATTERY, COPILOT CLOCK 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$2.63 
Total USD: 
$2.63 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
2133 #1 
MN9100 
BATTERY, I.5V SIZE N. DURACELL 
$2.63 
52.63 
Discrepancy: 21.65 
CMP G550 381039 WATER STERILIZER 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 381039 WATER STERILIZER 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
No Charge 
N/C 
Pans USD: 
Tittic and Material 
$40.50 
Total USD: 
$40.50 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity  
Scll price USD 
I:mended l'til) 
21.65 #1 
02-190002-012 
WATER FILTER 0 -RIM; 
513.50 
$40.50 
Discrepancy: 21.67 
CAW G550 382002 Water Sterilizer Filter - Removal I Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 382002 Water Sterilizer Filter - Removal / Installation 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
No Charge 
N/ C 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$119.25 
Total USD: 
$119.25 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
21.67 #1 
06-133802-001 
FILTER, WATER 
$92.25 
$92.25 
21.67#2 
02-190002-018 
WATER FILTER 0 -RING 
$13.50 
$13.50 
21.67 #3 
02-190002-019 
WATER SYSTEM 0 -RING, FILTER 
$13.50 
$13.50 
SPACER 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 38 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811242
--- PAGE 39 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Item: 22 
Discrepancies related to 12 Month CMP Tasks (Exhibit 1) - (Ref. Item C 1.1 of Proposal ID# 7039702 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
ParUModel #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 23 
Miscellaneous CMP Tasks (Exhibit 3) - (Ref. Item C 1.3 of Proposal ID# 7039702 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 23.1 
Accomplish Miscellaneous CMP Tasks (Exhibit 3) 
Notes: 
Correction of discrepancies is not included in the quoted price. 
Materials! Outside Services will be billed as required. 
Resolution: Complied with Customer Requested Miscellaneous CMP Tasks. 
See squawks below for details of all work accomplished. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Taal 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
58.953.00 
Total USD: 
58.953.00 
Discrepancy: 23.12 
CMP G550 282651 Main Fuel Boost Pump (Left) - Fuel Leak Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 282651 Main Fuel Boost Pump (Left) - Fuel Leak Check 
TW 558064 
Date Due 08/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
No Charge 
N/ C 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$1.88 
Total USD: 
51.88 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity  
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
23.12 #1 
NASI612-3A 
-RING, 0.188 INCH OD TUBING 
50.47 
51.88 
Discrepancy: 23.17 
CMP 6550 323012 Landing Gear Emergency Extension Nitrogen Blow-down Bottle (Right) - (Hydrostatic) 
Functional Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 323012 Landing Gear Emergency Extension Nitrogen Blow-down Bottle (Right) -
(Hydrostatic) Functional Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
No Charge 
N/ C 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$2.86 
Total USD: 
52.86 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity  
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
23.17#1 
NASI612-4A 
SEAL, 0.250 INCH OD TUBING 
5030 
$0,60 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 39 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811243
--- PAGE 40 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LW. 
Pans: 
WO Si: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
23.1782 
2-212 E0540-80 
SEAL-0 RING 
$1.13 
$2.26 
Discrepancy: 23.34 
CMP G550 262620 Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262620 Portable Helen Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Removal / Installation 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
S3.15 
Total USD: 
S3.15 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
2334 01 
14776 
STRAP AND CLAMP ASSY 
$3.15 
$3.15 
Discrepancy: 23.43 
CMP G550 351222 Passenger Oxygen Cylinder (No. 2)- Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 351222 Passenger Oxygen Cylinder (No. 2)- Removal / Installation 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
No Charge 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
Total USD: 
N/C 
S531 
S531 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
23.43 01 
hIS21044C08 
23.43 02 
hIS21044C3 
NUT SELF LICG-CRES.FASSIVATED 
NUT 
$0.41 
$0.41 
$4.90 
$430 
Item: 24 
Discrepancies related to Miscellaneous CMP Tasks (Exhibit 3) - (Ref. Item C 13 of Proposal ID# 7039702 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Modcl te: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 24.3 
Bruce Batts failed cap check and require replacement. Refer to items 31.1 and 33.1. 
Resolution: Ordered and recieved New Bruce Batts. 
Ref Items 23.35 and 23.37 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD: 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
Time and Material 
$2,810.64 
$2,810.64 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
243 91 
2013-BR 
BATTERY, EMERGENCY LIGHTS 
51,40532 
$2,810.64 
Discrepancy: 24.4 
(I) passanger 02 mask has a broken valve and (I) passenger 02 mask has a broken lanyard. Ref 23.44 
Resolution: Removed and replaced (2ea.) o2 masks. 
PN On/Off: 289-601-224-1 
Ref. G550 AMM 35-25-01 dated June 15, 2016 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenuaquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 40 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 161 
EFTA00811244
--- PAGE 41 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
ST 
6.50 
@ 
$146.00 
$949.00 
S159.46 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
Total USD: 
Pans: 
51,108.46 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
24.4 #1 
289-601-224-1 
MASK 
$79.73 
S159.46 
Discrepancy: 24.5 
One light bulb from "No smoking" light on cabin PSU #5 LH and One light bulb from "No smoking" light on 
cabin PSU #1 RH did not illuminate during test Ref. 23.44 
Resolution: Removed and replaced light bulb from "No smoking" light on cabin PSU #5 LH and light bulb from "No smoking" light 
on cabin PSU #1 Rif. Ops ck good. 
PN on/off GE387 
Pans USD: 
Total USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
$3.50 
$3.50 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
24.5#1 
GE387 
BULB SlA GE387 
5035 
53.50 
Discrepancy: 24.7 
Cabin drop down 02 mask has a tear in rubber .Re 24.6 
Resolution: Removed and installed new cabin oxygen mask PN 289-601-224-1 during operational test. Ref item 11.156 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$79.73 
Total USD: 
$79.73 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
24.7 #1 
289401-224-1 
MASK 
$79.73 
519.73 
Item: 25 
Replace all Main and Nose tires - (Ref. Item C 1.5 of Proposal ID# 7039702 ROO) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model Of: 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSNJCSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 25.1 
Remove and Replace all main and nose landing gear tires. 
Resolution: Summary: 
Removed all MIA: wheel assemblies (4ea.) and NLG (2ca.) and routed to back shop for tire changes and NDT, reference 
items 34,35,3637,38 and 39 for work performed in the back shop. Received wheels after tire change and installed on 
aircraft, Reference items 11.58 thru 11.61 for MLG wheel assembly WI CMPs and 11.93 and 11.94 for NLG wheel assy. 
WI CMPs 
See steps below 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USI) 
Flat Rate 
$2,686.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 41 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811245
--- PAGE 42 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Pans USD: 
Flat Rate 
415,350.00 
Total USD: 
418,036.00 
Step: 25.1.1 
Step: 25.1.2 
Step: 25.1.3 
Step: 25.1.4 
Step: 25.1.5 
Completed 
Removed main wheels (4) and routed to back shop. Ref items 11.58 thru 11.61 
Completed 
Removed nose wheels per 6550 ChIP 324001 and 6550 CMP 324002 and routed to back 
shop for tire replacement. 
Completed 
Installed red wheels on NW per AMM 6550 32-41-01 rev 3/31117 
TW: 560296 Cal Due: 04/18 
Completed 
Removed 1./11 and R/H NW red wheels. Received ok to install and Installed L/H NLG 
Wheel Assy P/N 1159150400-37 S/N 508117 per CMP (350 324002. Received ok to 
install and installed R/11 NLG Wheel Any P/N 1159130400-37 S/N 5082F2 per ChIP 
(350 324003. Serviced LAI and RAI NLG Wheels to 120PS1 per 6550 AMM 12-33-01 
Rev. June 20/13. 
Completed 
Installed main wheels (4) LAW 6550 CMPs 324003,324004,324005. and 324006. Ref 
items 11.58 thru 11.61 
Item: 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY OUT TO VENDOR 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
S/N: N/A 
TSN/TSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 26.1 
SEND BLOW DOWN BOTTLE TO SUPPLIER FOR HYDROSTATIC TEST AND RETURN TO AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N4I5LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE - 11/9 
Resolution: Hecieved Blow Down Bottle 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Services USD: 
Flat Rate 
$270.60 
Total USD: 
$270.60 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity
26.1 #1 
HYDROSTATIC TEST 
Part Ref: 1159SCH233-1I BOTTLE, NITROGEN - BLOW DOWN BOTTLE 
1.00 
Discrepancy: 26.2 
SEND 02 BOTTLE TO SUPPLIER TO COMPLY WITH HYDROSTATIC TEST AND RETURN TO 
AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N4I5LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE - II/II 
Resolution: Recto ed O2 Bottle. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Services USD: 
Flat Rate 
52.527.80 
Total USD: 
52.527.80 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quanti”,
26.2 #1 
HYDROSTATIC TEST 
Part Ref: 805983-15 BOTTLE. OXYGEN 
1.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 42 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811246
--- PAGE 43 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 26.3 
SEND 02 MASK TO SUPPLIER FOR RESTORE/RECERTIFYAND RETURN TO AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N415LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE 11/24 
Resolution: Recieved O2 Mask 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Services USD: 
Flat Rate 
$2,392.50 
Total USD: 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
263 #1 
REPAIR 
Part Ref: MC10-15-158 MASK, OXYGEN, CREW 
Quantity 
1.00 
$2,392.50 
Discrepancy: 26.5 
SEND 18 EA LIFE VEST TO THE SUPPLIER FOR RESTORE AND RETURN TO AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N415LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE - 2/20 
PN - 63600-105 
SN - L784996, L748997, L784998, L784999, L785000, L785001. L785002, L785003, L785004, L785006, 
L785007, L785008, L785009, L785010 AND L785011 
PN - 63600-505 
SN - L785711, L745141. L785710 
Resolution: Received 18 each repaired life vests 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Services USD: 
Time and Material 
$884.17 
Total USD: 
$884.17 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
263 HI 
REPAIR 
Part Ref: AC5173LIFEVESTKIT LIFE VEST KIT 
1.00 
5884.17 
S884.17 
Discrepancy: 26.6 
SEND CUP HOLDERS AND DOOR HANDLE TO QUAKER CITY TO BE PLATED QCPSSS SATIN 
BLUSHED WHITE GOLD AND RETURN TO AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N415LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE - 2/26/2018 
Resolution: Received plated cup holders. 
222/18- Per the PO in Corridor It is tracking for 2-26 confirmed by Courtney. CC 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Services USD: 
Time and Material 
31,500.00 
Total USD: 
31,500.00 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
 Description 
Quantity  
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
26.6 #1 
PLATING 
1.00 
S0.00 
50.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 43 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 161 
EFTA00811247
--- PAGE 44 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Part Ref: AC5173PLATINGKIT KIT 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
26.6 #2 
EXPEDITE FEE 
1.00 
$1,500.00 
$1,500.00 
26.603 
PLATING 
1.00 
50.00 
$0.00 
Part Ref: AC5173PLATINGKIT KIT 
Item: 27 
AIRCRAFT BATTERY (FCS EBHA BATTERY & MAIN SHIP BATTERY) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model #: 1159SCAY519-1 
S/N: 0905200069DDF 
TSNEIS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Item: 28 
AVIATION BATTERY TYPE - CORE (FCS EBHA BATTERY & MAIN SHIP BATTERY) 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Part/Model #: 5317C11-I 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
S/N: 09052001067B3 
TSNfIS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Item: 29 
FAIRING ASSY, BULLET, FWD 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 1159CSII52024-405 
S/N: N/A 
TSN/TS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 29.1 
FWD BULLET FAIRING (KNEE PANEL) HAS EVIDENCE OF EROSION AT FWD EDGE AROUND FWD 
EDGE AROUND FWD LOOKING CAMERA AND A PUNCTURE INSIDE OF FAIRING. AREAS !WAKED 
WITH BLUE GREASE PENCIL. 
IRAN AND RETURN TO AIRCRAFT 
CUSTOMER PROPERTY AC 5173 TN - N4I5LM 
REQUESTED RETURN DATE - 11/17 
Resolution: Repaired satcom radome. Reference: Engineering dispo in step 29.2.1.1 and B/P 1159C51152024 Rev.D 1/17/06 
Engineering dispos in steps 29.3.8 and 29.3.10. 
FWD BULLET 
Part# ->1159CSII52024-405 
Ser# 
Final finish 
FAIRING 
will apply at service center. 
Billing Method 
I lours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
68.78 
(it 
$146.00 
$10,041.88 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.02 
(a 
$222.00 
S226.44 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
42,318.91 
Total USD: 
$12,587.23 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
29.101 
ISSQW00-0460 
LIGHTNING D1VEFtTER 
I 
$772.97 
S772.97 
29.102 
ISSQW00-0460 
LIGHTNING D1VERTER 
I 
$772.97 
$772.97 
29.103 
ISSQW00-0460 
LIGHTNING DIVERTER 
I 
$772.97 
$772.97 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
DAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 44 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811248
--- PAGE 45 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 29.1.1 
Completed 
Incoming Inspection 
Step: 29.1.2 
Completed 
Teardown 
Step: 29.1.3 
Completed 
Inspection 
Step: 29.1.4 
Completed 
Rework 
Step: 29.1.5 
Completed 
Assembly 
Step: 29.1.6 
Completed 
Test 
Step: 29.1.7 
Completed 
Refinish 
Step: 29.1.7.1 
Completed 
Made Mytar 
Step: 29.1.7.2 
Completed 
Apply IOP2-3 anti-static coating 
Step: 29.1.7.3 
Completed 
Strip-Sand and prime with 3012 / D-8003 Hi-Bu0d.Apply 10P2-3 Anti-Static.Re-prime 
with 3012. 
Step: 29.1.7.4 
Completed 
Apply IOP2-3 Anti-Static. Perform resistivity test. 
Step: 29.1.8 
Completed 
Outgoing Imagery 
Discrepancy: 29.2 
Erosion along the leading edge and diverter strips. 
Resolution: Repaired erosion along the leading edge and replaced all diverter strips. Reference: Engineering dispo in step 29.2.1.1 
and B/P 1159CSII52024 Rev. D.U17/06. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Labor USD: 
lime and Material 
ST 
2.00 
@ 
5222.00 
5444.00 
Total USD: 
5444.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
tiAC_RevenuaquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 45 of 63 
Printed: 3/92018 4:29:22PM 
&tot 
EFTA00811249
--- PAGE 46 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO 4: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Step: 29.2.1 
Completed 
Request engineering evaluation for repair of erosion. 
Step: 29.2.1.1 
Completed 
Engineering disposition: 
Remove lightning diverter and hardware as required. Sand eroded areas smooth. 
Scuff sand minimum 1.50in around areas to be repaired. removing all glossy surfaces, to 
prepare for wet lay up. 
Fabricate two plies using plies of 161/181sts le dry fiberglass cloth. Size plies to ensure 
coverage of eroded and sanded regions. Ply #1 should extend at least 1.00in beyond the 
reworked area and Ply #2 should extend at least .50in beyond Ply al. except plies may 
end at edge of part where applicable. 
Saturate Plies 1 and 2 with Shell Epon 828/DTA or Hysol EA956A/B mixed per 
manufacturer's instructions. Lay up rework areas with Ply #1 and Ply #2 ensuring 
adequate overlap as specified above. 
Cure plies under vacuum bag at 75-95°F for at least 12 hours, or under vacuum bag at 
75-95°F for at 2-3 hours followed by 3 hours at 130-140°F. 
Remove vacuum hag and sand smooth. Visually inspect reworked area: if required. fill 
and fair using 11>sol EA960F and sand to contour. 
If required, install lightning diverter as described below. 
Touch up with primer and paint to match customer topcoat, as required. 
Lightning diverter installation: 
Prepare surface to be bonded per CAMPS 8210: scuff sand then solvent wipe with MEN 
or acetone followed by isopropyl alcohol. 
Apply GAA100BDI0 or GAAI00BD03 adhesive and position diverter per 
1159C5H52024. Cure under vacuum bag for 7 days at room temperature, or 2-3 hours 
at room temperature followed by 2 hours at 130-140°F. 
Step: 29.2.2 
Completed 
REMOVED PAINT/PRIMER FROM DISCREPANT FWD AREAS AND SOLVENT 
CLEANED. THEN FABRICATED AND INSTALLED 2 PLIES OF STYLE 181 
FIBERGLASS WET USING EPON 828fDTA. VACUUM BAGGED AND CURED. REF 
ENGINEERING DISPO STEP 29.2.1.1 
Step: 29.2.3 
Completed 
Removed and replaced all diverter strips(P/N LSSQW00-0460). Reference: B/P 
1159O:1152024 Rev. D Released 1/17/06. 
Discrepancy: 29.3 
Puncture on Lill Inner surface. 
Resolution: Repaired puncture on Lill Inner surface. 
Reference: Engineering dispos in steps 29.3.8 and 29.3.10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
18.00 
€2; 
5222.00 
53,996.00 
Total USD: 
53,996.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 46 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811250
--- PAGE 47 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
( moulded 
Request engineering evaluation for repair of inner skin puncture. 
( moult:Ertl 
Request NDT to perform tap test of inner skin puncture. 
( moult:Ertl 
Preliminary Engineering Disposition: Refer to pic in the "files" tab for suspect location 
of contact area. Place a soft compressible material (clay, repro-rubber. etc.) that will 
retain location and determin if this is the contact area. Install fwd bullet fairing and 
attach with B/P hardware. Remove fairing and take pits of suspect contact area. 
Resubmit pies via Corridor to engineering for evaluation. MRB No. E064 
ompleted 
Per preliminary engineering disposition placed a soft compressible material 
(repro-rubber) on the contact area. Installed fwd bullet fairing and attach with B/P 
hardware. Removeed fairing and took pits of suspect contact area. Resubmited pies to 
engineering. 
ompleted 
Preliminary Engineering Disposition: Refer to pic in the" Files" tab drill a No. 30 at the 
location shown. Take a measurement from the inner surface of outer skin to the outer 
surface of inner skin. Resubmit results to engineering for Final disposition. MRS No. 
F.064 
Completed 
Resubmit engineering after measurement from the inner surface of outer skin to the 
outer surface of inner skin is .240" 
Completed 
Preliminary Engineering Disposition: Refer to attachment in the "Files" tab: using the 
smallest clean up diameter. represented by the red dash line, trim out the discrepant 
section of inner skin and associated core down to the bond surface of outer skin. Do not 
undercut the outer skin or incorporate core ramp at this time. Measure, document, and 
resubmit resulting clean up dia. MRB E064 
Completed 
Final Engineering Disposition: Rework per Steps I thru 13. NOTE. -Steps 9 thru 13 
are in 29.3.9. Cutout of the inner skin and core removal is acceptable. Proceed with 
following rework: 
I. Refer to "Files" Powerpoint attachment Section A-A in 29.3.7. Incorporate core ramp 
that starts from edge of cutout extending .25 to .35 inches beyond cutout. At the lower 
EOP it is acceptable for the chamfer to extend onto the solid laminate. 
2. Straighten out folded over core cells and remove loose cells. Vacuum out debris. 
3. Pot core ramp with Magnobond 68-3. Cure at 70 to 95F' until potting has a harden 
surface. 
Do not touch sanded surfaces with bare hands. wear clean cotton gloves. 
4. Solvent clean using fresh cheesecloth wipers wet with MEK or Isopropyl Alcohol an 
area extending at least 2.0 inches beyond cutout or to EOP. whichever is closer. 
Continue until wipers remain clean. Do not use synthetic or shop towel wiper materials. 
Also solvent clean a corresponding area on outer skin. 
5. Sand off excess potting. Sand inner bond surface to remove core stubble and any 
glossy surface finish, also extend sanding around skin cutout over an area extending 
from lower EOP or at least 2.0 inches beyond edge of cutout to expose the outer 
fiberglass (F/G) ply. Vacuum out debris. Traces of paint, primer. etc. remaining within 
the F/G weave shall be acceptable. 
6. Sand correspond outer skin surface in the same way. 
7. On inner skin add two plies of dry Style 181 (F/C). Orientation of both plies is 
optionaL It is acceptable to dart F7G to allow working out wrinkles. Stagger darts so 
they do not overlap onto each other. Saturated plies with Epon 828 / DTA or EA956 
MB. Refer to SRM 51-34-00 Table 1 and SRM 51078-10 Repair Technique 7. 
8. Refer to Files tab in 29.3.7. Ply I shall overlap .50 to .80 inch onto the inner surface. 
Ply 2 shall overlap Ply 1 by .50 to .80 inches. 
Disposition continues in 29.3.9 
MRB No. E064 
Step: 29.3.9 
Completed 
Final Engineering Disposition Continued from 29.3.8. 
9. On outer surface add like plies centered over cutout. 
10. Install a breather pack and vacuum bag. refer to SRM51-78-10 Repair Technique 8. 
Perform a vacuum leak check by pulling full vacuum (min 21 inches of Hg) until bag is 
pulled tight. Disconnect vacuum source and verify max leakage rate does not exceed 5 
inches of Hg within 5 minutes. 
II. Cure at 70 to 95F until adhesive gels which should take at least 4 hours. 
12. After cure remove bag and sand off excess adhesive and F'/G. Tap test outer and 
inner skin within repair area to verify no voids and I or disbands exist. Also visually 
verify no ply separations exist. 
13. On outer surface apply Finish 3012 (CAMPS 3116) followed by anti-static paint and 
customer topcoat. Ensure applied anti-static paint overlaps onto the existing anti-static 
paint. On inner surface no finish is required unless dry surfaces exist and if so apply 
Finish 3012 to entire repaired surface. 
This is a minor repair. MRB No. E064 
Step: 293.1 
Step: 293.2 
Step: 2933 
Step: 29.3.4 
Step: 29.3.5 
Step: 293.6 
Step: 293.7 
Step: 293.8 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 47 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811251
--- PAGE 48 ---
WO tr: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Step: 293.10 
Completed 
Made core ramp and potted core with Magnobond 68-3. Cured at 70 to 95F until potting 
has a harden surface. 
Solvent cleaned, sanded off excess potting. Sanded inner bond surface and extend 
sanded around skin cutout over an area. On inner and outer skin added two plies of dry 
Style 181 (FIG). Saturated plies with Epon 828 / DTA. 
Install vacuum bag, performed a vacuum Ink cheek and cured at 70 to 95F. After cured 
remove bag and sand off excess adhesive and F/C. Tap tested outer and inner skin 
within repair area to verified no voids and I or disbands exist. Also visually verified no 
ply separations exist. 
Work reference:Engineering dispo in steps 29.3.8 and 29.3.10. 
item: 
Addition of a SIIADE MASTER at the Right-Hand #2 VIP Seat - (Ref. Item B 1.1 of Proposal ID#7038565 ROO ) 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Item: 31 
BATTERY, EMERGENCY LIGHTS 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 2013-BR 
S/N: B8662 
TSWISO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Item: 32 
BATTERY, EMERGENCY LIGHTS 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model /I: 2013-BR 
S/N: B8663 
TSN/TSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Item: 33 
BATTERY, EMERGENCY LIGHTS 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model If: 2013-BR 
S/N: B8660 
TSWISO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Item: 34 
MAIN WHEEL 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model 
1159SCL503-9 
S/N: 5159FX 
TSN/TSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: 5402.8 / 1725 
Item: 35 
MAIN WHEEL ASSEMBLY 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Modcl 
1159SCL503-7 
S/N: 5167FP 
TSNffSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircrafaime: 5402.8 / 1225 
Item: 36 
MAIN WHEEL 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model 
1159SCL503-9 
S/N: 5175GC 
TSNEISO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft lime: 5402.8 / 1225 
For detail description of the work complied with see the \Vora. Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoicc.rpt v3 
Page 48 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Jet dm 
EFTA00811252
--- PAGE 49 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Item: 37 
MAIN WHEEL ASSEMBLY 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator. 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model 
1159SCL503-7 
S/N: 5188FP 
TSNffS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: 5402.8 11225 
Item: 38 
NOSE WHEEL/TIRE ASSEMBLY-MOUNTED 1159L50400-37 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 1159SCL505-7MTD 
S/N: 5082FZ 
TSWIS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: 5402.8 
Item: 39 
NOSE WHEEL/TIRE ASSEMBLY-MOUNTED 1159L50400-37 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator 
Julian Brown 
Pan/Model 
1159SCL505-7MTD 
S/N: 508IFZ 
TSNfIS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft lime: 5402.8 
Item: 40 
Customer Requested Due List Items as of 02/15/18 
Team Manager: 
Customer Coordinator 
Charles Thomas 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model ft: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: N/A / N/A 
TSN/TS0: N/A 
CSN/CS0: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 40.1 
CMP G550 231108 Airshow 4000 Sys Components - 
V I 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 231108 Airshow 4000 Sys Components - GVI 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.2 
CMP G550 231113 Securaplane 500 Components - GV1 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 231113 Securaplane 500 Components - GVI 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.3 
CMP G550 232158 Airshow 4000 Above Floor - Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 232158 Airshow 4000 Above Floor - Visual Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.4 
CMP G550 240108 Fwd Emergency Battery - BITE / Battery Level Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 240108 Fwd Emergency Battery - BITE / Battery Level Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 49 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811253
--- PAGE 50 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Labor USD: 
fl at Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.5 
CMP G550 240109 Aft Emergency Battery - BITE J Battery Level Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 240109 Aft Emergency Battery - BITE Battery Level Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.6 
CMP €550 251006 Crew Scats Inertia Reel (Pilot) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 251006 Crew Seats Inertia Reel (Pilot) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Fowl 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.7 
CMP G550 251007 Crew Seats Inertia Reel (Copilot) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 251007 Crew Seats Inertia Reel (Copilot) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.8 
CMP G550 251008 Crew Scats Inertia Reel (Observer) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 251008 Crew Seats Inertia Reel (Observer) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.9 
CMP G550 251016 Crew Seat Restraints (Pilot) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 251016 Crew Seat Restraints (Pilot) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Iota' 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.10 
CMP G550 251017 Crew Seat Restraints (Copilot) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 251017 Crew Seat Restraints (Copilot) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.11 
CMP G550 251018 Crew Seat Restraints (Observer) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 251018 Crew Seat Restraints (Observer) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 50 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811254
--- PAGE 51 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO it: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.12 
CMP G550 252102 Passenger Seats Restraints - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 252102 Passenger Seats Restraints - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.13 
CMP €550 252104 Passenger Seats Inertia Reels - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 252104 Passenger Seats Inertia Reels - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Fowl 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.14 
CMP €550 256019 EVAS System (Leh)- Periodic Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 256019 EVAS System (Left) - Periodic Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.15 
CMP G550 256020 EVAS System (Right) - Periodic Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 256020 EVAS System (Right) - Periodic Inspection 
.:11,or t 
total USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.16 
CMP 6550 256205 life Vest - Restore 
Resolution: The Squawk for this specific task shall be signed off as " Verified compliance of CMP 256205 under vender stork order 
number SAP017-08768 dated Feburaury 20 2018. This documentation is for CMP data base update only - no 
maintenance accomplished by CAC." 
COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 256205 Life Vest - Restore 
Life Vests Restored 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L784996 
PIN: 63600-105 FSN :L784997 
P/N: 63600-105 FSN :L784998 
P/N: 63600-105 FSN :L784999 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L785000 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L785001 
P/N: 63600-105 SfN :L785002 
P/N: 63600-105 SIN :L785003 
P/N: 63600-105 SIN :L785004 
P/N: 63600-105 SIN :L785006 
P/N: 63600-105 SIN :L785007 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L785009 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L785010 
P/N: 63600-105 S/N :L785011 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 51 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811255
--- PAGE 52 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO ft: SC52166I 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.17 
CMP 6550 256404 Defibrillator Battery - Inspect / Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 256404 Defibrillator Battery - Inspect / Check 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.18 
CMP G550 256407 Defibrillator Electrode Pads - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 256407 Defibrillator Electrode Pads - Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Toed 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.19 
•"*DELETE** CMP G550 256438 - LIFE KIT 
Resolution: Equipment not installed in aircraft, customer email approving deletion is on file 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Taal 
Fiat Rate 
5152.00 
total t SD 
5152.00 
Discrepancy. 40.20 
CMP G550 261302 APU (Fire) Shutdown Circuit - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 261302 APU (Fire) Shutdown Circuit - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.21 
CMP G550 262122 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (Left Engine) - Integrity Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262122 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (Left Engine) - Integrity 
Test 
multlmeter 556315 
due date:9/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$228.00 
Total USD: 
$228.00 
Discrepancy: 40.22 
CMP G550 262123 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (Right Engine) - Integrity Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262123 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (Right Engine) - Integrity 
Test 
multimeter 556315 
due date:9/18 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 52 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811256
--- PAGE 53 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.23 
CMP 6550 262124 Engine Fire Bottle Pressure Switch (Left) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262124 Engine Fire Bottle Pressure Switch (Leib- Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.24 
CMP 6550 262125 Engine Fire Bottle Pressure Switch (Right) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262125 Engine Fire Bottle Pressure Switch (Right) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.25 
CMP 6550 262126 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (APU) - Integrity Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262126 Engine and APU Fire Extinguishing Firing Circuitry (APU) - Integrity Test 
multlmeter 556315 
due date:9/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Taal 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.26 
CMP G550 262605 Portable I laion Fire Extinguisher (Cockpit) - Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262605 Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Cockpit) - Visual Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.27 
CMP G550 262626 Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262626 Portable Helen Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Visual Inspection 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.28 
CMP G550 262646 Portable !talon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Lavatory) - Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 262646 Portable Helen Fire Extinguisher (Aft Lavatory) - Visual Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 53 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811257
--- PAGE 54 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Discrepancy: 40.29 
CMP 6550 271011 Aileron Control and Trim Cables in Main Wheel Wells / Wing Trailing Edge - Detailed 
Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 271011 Aileron Control and Trim Cables in Main Wheel Wells / Wing Trailing Edge -
Detailed Inspection 
Tensiometer 
66853 
Due Date 5/18 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 4030 
CMP 6550 272108 Rudder Control and Trim Cables in Main Wheel Well / Tail Compartment - Detailed 
Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 272108 Rudder Control and Mini Cables in Slain Wheel Well / Tail Compartment -
Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Ratc 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 4031 
CMP 6550 273100 ELEV/TRIM CABLE(MTVW/TAIL)-INSP 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 273100 ELEVITRIM CABLE(MWW/TAIL)-INSP 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$912.00 
Total USD: 
$912.00 
Discrepancy: 4032 
CMP 6550 276105 SPEEDBRAKE CABLE(MWW/WING)INSP 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 276105 SPEEDBRAKE CABLE(MINW/WING)INSP 
Tensiometer 66853 
Due Date 05/I8 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5912.00 
Total USD: 
5912.00 
Discrepancy: 4033 
CMP G550 282606 Engine Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282606 Engine Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Mors 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 4034 
CMP G550 282607 Engine Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282607 Engine Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Ratc 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
liAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 54 of 63
urw 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
EFTA00811258
--- PAGE 55 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.35 
CMP G550 282608 APU Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282608 APU Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.36 
CMP G550 282609 Engine Heated Return Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282609 Engine Heated Return Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
flat Rale 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.37 
CMP G550 282610 Engine Heated Return Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282610 Engine Heated Return Feed Dual Wall Fuel Line (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Foul 
Labor USD: 
flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.38 
CMP G550 282629 Engine Fuel Shut-off Valve (Left) - Operational Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282629 Engine Fuel Shut-off Valve (Left) - Operational Check 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rale 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.39 
CMP G550 282630 Engine Fuel Shut-off Valve (Right) - Operational Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282630 Engine Fuel Shut-off Valve (Right) - Operational Check 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rale 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.40 
CMP 6550 291501 Hydraulic System Shut-off Valve (Left) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 291501 Hydraulic System Shut-off Valve (Left) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.41 
CMP 6550 291502 Hydraulic System Shut-off Valve (Right) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 291502 Hydraulic System Shut-off Valve (Right) - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 55 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811259
--- PAGE 56 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Total USD: 
WO Ii: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.42 
CMP G550 313002 DFDR - Functional Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 313002 DFDR - Functional Test 
See step below for details of work performed. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
'fowl 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5608.00 
Total USD: 
5608.00 
Step: 40.42.1 
Completed 
Comply.. ith FDR data report from dottnload at. placid on thumhdrite 
Discrepancy: 40.43 
CMP G550 316205 FDR FAIL MESSAGE-OPS TEST 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CHIP 6550 316205 FDR FAIL MESSAGE-OPS TEST 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
-fond 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$76.00 
Total USD: 
$76.00 
Discrepancy: 40.44 
CMP 6550 319013 Red Disk Honeywell /Jeppesen - Aerospace, Communication, Navigation 
Data. (28 Day 
Interval) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 319013 Red Disk Honeywell / Jeppesen - Aerospace, Communication, Navigation Data. 
(28 Day Interval) Expires: 28Mar2018 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
S152.00 
Total USD: 
S152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.45 
CMP 6550 319014 Blue Disk Honeywell! Jeppesen - Electronic Terminal Charts, Geopolitical Boundaries. 
Airport Information Obstacle Data (14 Day Interval) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 319014 Blue Disk Honeywell / Jeppesen - Electronic Terminal Charts, Geopolitical 
Boundaries, Airport Information Obstacle Data (14 Day Interval) Expires: 14Mar2018 
' 
total t SH: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
S152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.46 
CMP G550 319016 Green Disk Honeywell / Jeppesen - Terrain Data (On condition or Six Month Interval) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CHIP 6550 319016 Green Disk Honeywell! Jeppesen - Terrain Data (On condition or Six Month 
Interval) 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
Total USD: 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.47 
CMP G550 321005 Main Landing Gear (Left) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 321005 Main Landing Gear (Left) - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
-foal 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
S304.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 56 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811260
--- PAGE 57 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
Total USD: 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.48 
CMP G550 321006 Main Landing Gear (Right) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 321006 Main Landing Gear (Right) - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Taal 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.49 
CMP G550 322004 Nose Landing Gear - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 322004 Nose Landing Gear - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.50 
CMP G550 322306 Nose Landing Gear Bungee - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 322306 Nose Landing Gear Bungee - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5456.00 
Total USD: 
5456.00 
Discrepancy: 40.51 
CMP G550 323037 Main Landing Gear Bungee (LeR) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 323037 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Left) - Lubrication 
TW 568539 
Due 2/19 
TW 567919 
Due 01/19 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$456.00 
Total USD: 
5456.00 
Discrepancy: 40.52 
CMP G550 323038 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Right) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 323038 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Right) - Lubrication 
TW 568539 
Due 2/19 
TW 567919 
Due 01/19 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$608.00 
Total USD: 
$608.00 
Discrepancy: 40.53 
CMP G550 325202 Nose Wheel Steering Collar Assembly! Slave Gear - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 325202 Nose Wheel Steering Collar Assembly / Slave Gear - Lubrication 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 57 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811261
--- PAGE 58 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$76.00 
Total USD: 
$76.00 
Discrepancy: 40.54 
CMP G550 491007 APU Enclosure Thermal Blanket / Coating - General Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 491007 APU Enclosure Thermal Blanket / Coating - General Visual Inspection 
Reference items 8.14 and 8.17 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$760.00 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
S10.45 
Total USD: 
$770.45 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
 Pan number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
40.54 MI 
NAS1580C3T12 
BOLT 
52.09 
S10.45 
Discrepancy: 40.55 
CMP G550 491300 APU Compartment Drain Collectors - General Visual Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 491300 APU Compartment Drain Collectors - General Visual Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.56 
CMP G550 491301 Auxiliary Power Unit Turbine Plenum Drains - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 491301 Auxiliary Power Unit Turbine Plenum Drains - Operational Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5456.00 
Total USD: 
5456.00 
Discrepancy: 40.57 
CMP G550 523003 Baggage Compartment Door Seal - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 523003 Baggage Compartment Door Seal - Detailed inspection 
Air Regulator: 556959 Cal Due:06/18. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$608.00 
Total USD: 
$608.00 
Discrepancy: 40.58 
CMP G550 523004 Baggage Compartment Door Seal Air Supply Moisture Drain Orifice - Detailed Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 523004 Baggage Compartment Door Seal Air Supply Moisture Drain Orifice - Detailed 
Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
5304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.59 
CMP 6550 523008 Baggage Door Seal Check Valve - Operational Test 
For detail description of the work complied with sec the York Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 58 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811262
--- PAGE 59 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 523008 Baggage Door Seal Check Valve - Operational Test 
Ale Regulator: 556959 Cal Due: 06/18. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$456.00 
Total USD: 
$456.00 
Discrepancy: 40.60 
CMP 6550 527001 Main Entrance Door Secondary Handle Lock Switch and Circuitry - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 527001 Main Entrance Door Secondary Handle Lock Switch and Circuitry - Operational 
Test 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$912.00 
Total USD: 
$912.00 
Discrepancy: 40.61 
CMP G550 531005 External Lower Fuselage FS -4 thru FS 758 View Front Ground - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH ChIP 6550 531005 External Lower Fuselage FS -4 thru FS 758 View Front Ground - Zonal 
Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.62 
CMP 6550 531055 Aft Cabin Below Floor FS 612 - FS 684 - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 531055 Aft Cabin Below Floor FS 632 - FS 684 - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$912.00 
Total USD: 
$912.00 
Discrepancy: 40.63 
CMP G550 531060 Baggage Compartment Below Floor FS 684 - FS 758 - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 531060 Baggage Compartment Below Floor FS 684 - Fs 758 - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$608.00 
Total USD: 
$608.00 
Discrepancy: 40.64 
CMP G550 531065 External Upper Fuselage FS 63 - FS 758 View From Ground - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 531065 External Upper Fuselage FS 63 - ES 758 View From Ground - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.65 
CMP G550 531082 Electronic Equipment Rack FS 147 - FS 181 - (Enhanced) Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 531082 Electronic Equipment Rack FS 147 - Fs 181 - (Enhanced) Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 59 of 63
ucw 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
EFTA00811263
--- PAGE 60 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$456.00 
Total USD: 
$456.00 
Discrepancy: 40.66 
CMP 6550 531085 Ext Aft Fuselage/Empennage (from Ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 531085 Ext Aft Fuselage/Empennage (from Ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$304.00 
Total USD: 
$304.00 
Discrepancy: 40.67 
CMP 6550 575021 Wing Rear Beam (Left Enhanced) - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 575021 Wing Rear Beam (Left Enhanced) - Zonal Inspection 
Ref 41.2 for discrepancy found 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$532.00 
Total USD: 
$532.00 
Discrepancy: 40.68 
CMP G550 575022 Wing Rear Beam (Right Enhanced) - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 575022 Wing Rear Beam (Right Enhanced) - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$532.00 
Total USD: 
$532.00 
Discrepancy: 40.69 
CMP 6550 711301 External - Powerplants, Cowl Doors. Inlet Areas, Thrust Reverser and Nose Cowls (as viewed 
from ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 711301 External - Powerplants, Cowl Doors, Inlet Areas, Thrust Reverser and Nose 
Cowls (as viewed from ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$228.00 
Total USD: 
$228.00 
Discrepancy: 40.70 
CMP 6550 711302 External - Powerplants, Cowl Doors, Inlet Areas, Thrust Reverser and Nose Cowls (as viewed 
from ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP 6550 711302 External - Powerplants, Cowl Doors, Inlet Areas, Thrust Reverser and Nose 
Cowls (as viewed from ground) - Zonal Inspection 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$228.00 
Total USD: 
$228.00 
Discrepancy: 40.73 
CMP 6550 994042 AD 2017-18-12 B/E Aerospace 
Resolution: 
Complied with paragraph (g) of this AD by inspection and found to be N/A by pan number of PBE units Installed. No 
further action required. 
Billing Method 
I lours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 60 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811264
--- PAGE 61 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO #: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$152.00 
Total USD: 
$152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.74 
CMP G5540 994045 AD 2017-20-08 - Gu[(stream Aerospace - Gu[(stream AFM Supplement Incorporation 
Resolution: Complied with paragraph (g) and (h) (4) of this AD by inserting AFM Supplement G550-2016-01, dated July 27. 2016 into 
the Limitations Section of the AFM. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor UM) 
Total USD: 
Flat Rate 
5152.00 
5152.00 
Discrepancy: 40.75 
CMP G550 282641 APU Fuel Shut-off Valve - Operational Check 
Ref Item 40.20 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G550 282641 APU Fuel Shut-off Valve - Operational Check 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Taal 
Labor UM) 
Flat Rate 
5304.00 
Total [SD: 
5304.00 
Item: 41 
Discrepancies - Customer Requested Due List Items as of 02/15/18 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: N/A / N/A 
TSN/TSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 41.1 
RAI MU: Bungee upper housing is seized on lower housing. 
ref. item 40.52 
Resolution: Removed R/II MLG Bungee P/N 1159L50903-1. Ordered and recieved new R/H MLG Bungee P/N 1159L57903-1. 
Reference Item 11.130 for installation of new Bungee. 
Billing Method 
hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.00 
Y/ 
5146.00 
5292.00 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.05 
(a 
5146.00 
57.30 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$4,371.44 
Total USD: 
$4,670.74 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell pike USD 
Extended USD 
41.1 #1 
1159L57903-I 
BUNGEE, MAIN LANDING GEAR 
$4,371.44 
$4,371.44 
Discrepancy: 41.2 
Found broken grounding strap on LH wing rear beam Just outboard of flight spoiler while complying with rear 
beam inspection, ref item 40.67 
Resolution: Summary: Removed discrepant bonding juniper and installed new bonding jumper on Lill wing out board of flight 
spoiler. Ref. AMM 27-63-11 Aug. 31/03. 
See steps below for full details of work accomplished and regulatory sign offs. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
riAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 61 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811265
--- PAGE 62 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
WO U: SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.00 
@ 
$146.00 
$292.00 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.20 
@ 
S146.00 
$29.20 
Pans USD: 
Tinie and Material 
$41.74 
Total USD: 
$362.94 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
41.2 #1 
hIS25083-7BB11 
JUMPER, BONDING CNT 
41.2 #2 
MS21042-3 
NUT, SLF-LKG, 450 DEG. RDC HEX, 
RDC HGT, RING BASE, NON-ORES 
Step: 41.2.1 
Completed 
Removed broken grounding strap on LJH wing rear beam outboard of flight spoiler 
board. Ref. ATOM 27-63-11 Aug. 31/03 
Step: 41.2.2 
Completed 
Installed new grounding strap on I./H wing out board of flight spoiler. Ref. A3131 
27-63-11 Aug. 31/03 
541.20 
$41.20 
$0.27 
$0.54 
Item: 42 
Customer Eval flight 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
Part/Model #: 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: N/A / N/A 
TSN/TSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Item: 43 
Customer Eval flight discrepancies 
Team Manager: 
Charles Thomas 
Pan/Model K: 
Customer Coordinator: 
Julian Brown 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: N/A / N/A 
TSN/TSO: N/A 
CSN/CSO: N/A 
Aircraft Time: N/A 
Discrepancy: 43.14 
HUD and EVS is totally Mop 
Resolution: 
Labor USD: 
Pans USD: 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Flat Rate 
No Charge 
Pan number: 
$1,460.00 
N/ C 
$1,460.00 
Description 
Quantity 
DISPLAY UNIT, HEADS-UP (HUD) 
E0-201 VGS 
43.14 #1 
7023171-901 
Step: 43.14.1 
Waiting 
Insp 
Evaluated the VGS Parameters page in the CMC for the HUD and EVS system. Most 
parameters would X out intermittently and combiner unit stayed failed. HUD 310N 
reason for blanking code is 2048. This code calls for replacement of the Overhead Unit. 
Placed Unit on order. 
Ref 6550 WDM 34-29-02 Dated June 20'13 
Ref G550 WDM 3445-00 Dated November 30/10 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 62 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811266
--- PAGE 63 ---
Bill To: Plan D, LLC. 
SC521661 
Invoice Number: 5517132452 
Communications concerning disputed debts, including a check or other instrument 
tendered as full satisfaction of a debt, must be forwarded to: 
Gulfstream Aerospace 
Aun. Credit Manager 
PO Box 2206 
MIS B-05 
Savannah, GA 31402 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated. all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_RevenueSquawksInvoice.rpt v3 
Page 63 of 63 
Printed: 3/9/2018 4:29:22PM 
Set 01 
EFTA00811267

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811268.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVE ROADRUCK 
PRESIDENT 
02/12/18 
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC 
7 PLUMMER GRANT ROAD 
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32258 
EMAIL:
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
R-20-18 
Gabriela and Patrick Adams 
INVOICE 
02/12/18 Due Diligence Search. 
Total Amount due: 
$300.00 
FAX: 
Please send payment to the address on the letterhead as I am now using 
this address for all correspondence. 
Steve 
Ro ruck
President 
FEIN: 59-2818781 
EFTA00811268

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811269.pdf
----------------------------------------
Alyona Ruchko 
alenaruchko@yahoo.com 
wechat id: alenaruchko 
Model, 
public relations, marketing, 
events, talents manager 
About me 
Energetic, enthusiastic and a positive attitude, quick learner, good communicator, committed, 
team player, very adaptive to new environments. 
Experience
E2 model management 
Italy 
2010 — present 
Living Room by Octave 
China 
March 2017 — present 
DON NICO GRP 
China 
October 2016 — March 2017 
DON NICO GRP 
China 
2014 - 2016 
Freelance 
2013 — present 
IHOP 
USA 
June 2011- October 2011 
Education 
International model 
Contracts with modeling agencies worldwide (Milan, Paris, Hong Kong, 
Shanghai, Jakarta. Singapore, Kiev). 
Work on runways, in print ads. magazine, catalog, e-commerce and 
lookbook shootings, video commercials, events for such brands as 
Armani, Armani Exchange, Vera Wang, Valentino, Boy London. Neroli 
Cheng, Lanafay, Decoster, Mitsubishi. Porsche, Pirelli. Heineken etc. 
Brand Ambassador 
Representing and promoting the brand. 
Maintaining and developing new/old customers in F&B event area as well 
as other services and products of the brand. 
Defining Corporate and Individual Customer sales strategy, developing 
sales policies procedures and systems and delivering to the Marketing 
team. Communicating with media. 
Providing customer feed back regarding the brand to sales managers. 
Event organizer 
Planning, developing and executing event organization. Work with such 
venues as Unico, Hu Bar. Le Royal Meridien Hotel, The Apartment etc. 
PR manager 
Manage staff responsible for event coordination activities. Coordinate 
details of events such as business meetings, birthdays, anniversaries, 
charity events etc. Planning, organizing, executing events in nightclubs 
(Mint, Muse, M2, M18, Hollywood, others) 
Talents Manager 
Organization of castings. Managing talents teams, planning event 
schedules, trips, arranging tickets, food, accommodation, equipment etc. 
Hostess 
Meeting and greeting customers. Monitoring the open dining sections of 
the restaurant for empty and cleaned tables, estimating wait times for 
guests, monitoring the guest waiting list, answering the telephone, 
booking reservations 
Specialist degree 
V.N. Karazin Kharkiv National University (Ukraine) 
September 2008 — June 2013 Major: International Economic relations. Business English Translation 
Skills 
Microsoft Office — basic 
Photoshop — basic 
Piano — advanced 
Languages: 
French — basic 
Ukrainian — native 
Chinese — basic 
Russian — advanced 
English — advanced 
EFTA00811269

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811270.pdf
----------------------------------------
cA FAMAre 
Commercial Airplanes, Renton WA 98124 
Fax No.: 
Desk No.: 
BOEING COMMERCIAL AIRPLANES 
1901 Oakesdale Ave. 
Renton, Washington, 98055 
Email: 
Hyperion Aviation Ltd 
To: 
Mr. Quentin Hadour 
Email 
Date: August 8, 2018 
Location: Malta 
In reply refer to 6-1131-CMM-LLO-29361 
Subject: 
Model: 737-700 Aircraft 
Proposed Change: 2131 MK3011 
Entitled: CABIN PRESSURE - REVISE CABIN ALTITUDE TO 6,500 FEET IN LIEU 
OF 8,000 FEET AT 41,000 FEET FLIGHT ALTLTUDE - LOWER CABIN ALTITUDE 
- BBJ 
The Boeing Company is pleased to offer the attached change proposal for your consideration. 
Acceptance of this proposal and purchase order number must be received by Boeing in writing (by 
return correspondence) on or before the date indicated on the form. Please also note the advance 
payment requirements. If an advance payment is required, Boeing may not begin work on this 
project, or may suspend work if advance payments are not received when due. 
Very truly yours, 
THE BOEING COMPANY 
R. Leo Lyons 
Regional Director 
Contracts - Commercial Airplanes 
EFTA00811270
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 1 of 3 
Kit Proposal 
Date  August 8.2018 
The Boeing Company (Boeing) is pleased to offer the following kit(s) (Kit) to Hyperion Aviation Ltd 
(Customer) for Customers Model 737-700 aircraft listed below: 
Aircraft 
Serial No 
YG077 
32774 
Proposed Kit 
Aircraft 
Serial No. 
Aircraft 
Serial No. 
Aircraft 
Serial No. 
A 
Kit Number: 2131MK3011 
 Dated: August 02. 2018 
Kit Title: 
CABIN PRESSURE - REVISE CABIN ALTITUDE TO 6 500 FEET IN LIEU OF 8 000 FEET AT 41 000 FEET 
FLIGHT ALTLTUDE - LOWER CABIN ALTITUDE - BBJ 
Kit Description: The Kit is described in Attachment A hereto and will be developed based upon the original configuration of 
the above Aircraft as delivered by Boeing, unless otherwise noted herein. 
Price 
No. of 
Kits 
Available to Ship 
Price per Kit (U.S. $,
Based on Kit 
Delivery in (Year) 
Unit 
Price 
Advance 
Payments 
Balance 
Due 
Parts 
Kit 
July 3, 2019 
$360,500 
$360,500 
$0 
2019 
Aggregate Total Price 
$360,500. 
(All Kits) 
Proposal Conditions 
$360,500 
$0 
Each Kit is offered subject to the following: 
1. 
The sale of the Kits will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Customer Services General Terms Agreement 
Number HA3-CSGTA (CSGTA) between Customer and The Boeing Company. Upon Customers acceptance of this Kit Proposal it 
will become an Order to the CSGTA. Each Kit referenced herein will be a Retrofit Kit Change' as defined in the CSGTA. 
2. 
Customer's acceptance of this proposal will include a purchase order number. 
3. 
Customer will pay Boeing an advance payment in the aggregate price set forth above. Such payment will be due within ten (10) 
days after acceptance of this Kit Proposal by unconditional deposit to Boeing's account at the following bank. Boeing will not begin 
work on this Kit until this required advance payment is received. If Boeing does not receive such advance payment by the date 
required above, Boeing may extend the Kit shipment date(s) without penalty. Payment is to be made in immediately available 
funds by unconditional deposit to Boeing's account at the following bank: 
The Boeing Company 
do JP Morgan Chase Bank 
270 Park Ave. 
New York, NY 10017 
Account No. 910.1.012764 
ABA No. 0210-00021 
cite Kit No. 2131MK3011 for Hyperion Aviation Ltd 
4. 
Payment of the total price for each Kit, less the amount of any advance payment paid therefor, will be made within thirty (30) days 
after the date of issuance of Boeing's invoice, to occur on or after Kit shipment. 
EFTA00811271
--- PAGE 3 ---
Hyperion Aviation Ltd 
2131MK3011 dated August 02, 2018 
Proposal Date August 8, 2018 
Page 2 of 3 
Special Considerations/Contingencies 
Boeing will deliver Materials (e.g. service bulletin, task cards, drawings, etc.) via Electronic Access (e.g. 
myboeingfleet.com portal). Customer's requests for other media must be communicated in writing to Boeing at least 
thirty (30) days prior to the specified delivery date(s). Requests should be sent by facsimile to 
or by 
e-mail to 
Acceptance 
Acceptance of this Kit Proposal must be received by Boeing, by return correspondence to fax number 
or 
to e-mail address 
on or before August 23, 2018; the date on which this proposal 
will otherwise expire. 
THE BOEING COMPANY 
Accepted and agreed to 
Date: 
Hyperion Aviation Ltd 
Signature:  
Title:  
Printed Name: 
Shipping and Billing Information: 
By 
R. Leo Lyons 
Contracts - Commercial Airplanes 
Purchase Order: 
Adv. Payment 
Purchase Order: 
requied by Customer) 
Ship to Code 
Method of Shipment 
EFTA00811272
--- PAGE 4 ---
Hyperion Aviation Ltd 
2131MK3011 dated August 02, 2018 
Proposal Date August 8, 2018 
Page 3 of 3 
Shipping Address:  
Billing Address:  
EFTA00811273
--- PAGE 5 ---
Hyperion Aviation Ltd 
Attachment A To Proposal 2131MK3011 
Proposal Date August 8, 2018 
Page A-1 of 2 
Hyperion Aviation Ltd 
Model: 
737-700BJ 
Project ID: 
128234 
Change No: 
2131MK3011 
Dated: 
8/1/2018 
Project Title: 
CABIN PRESSURE - REVISE CABIN ALTITUDE TO 6,500 FEET IN LIEU OF 8,000 FEET AT 
41,000 FEET FLIGHT ALTLTUDE - LOWER CABIN ALTITUDE - BBJ 
Description of Change: 
Provide an FAA approved Boeing STC package, service bulletin, Kit of parts and applicable 
document revisions as required to maintain a BBJ cabin altitude of 6,500 ft at a cruise altitude of 
41,000 ft in lieu of the standard cabin altitude of 8,000 ft. 
The customer will be required to perform the following: 
1) For airplane line numbers less than 1824. Contract with Nord Micro for reworking the existing 
Cabin Pressure Controllers (Nord-Micro p/n 7121-19971-01A (2) two per airplane) with revised 
software for a new Cabin Altitude Schedule for the new cabin altitude. (Nord-Micro LCA part number 
7121-19971-01BA) 
2) Purchase PATS Aux Fuel System Service Bulletin or equivalent to revise the aux tank pressure 
relief valve to be compatible with the Lower Cabin Altitude change. Note: Contact PATS to verify if 
the intent of this bulletin has already been installed on your airplane. If PATS bulletin is required it will 
necessitate the removal of the aux fuel tank for installation. 
3) Review, for compatibility with LCA, all in-service repairs done on the pressure vessel. Utilize LCA 
Roadmap for further definition of steps required for assessment compatibility. (This service can be 
separately requested from Boeing.) 
4) Review, for compatibility with LCA, all existing (and expected to be installed at time of LCA 
installation) STC's on the airplane. Utilize LCA Roadmap for further definition of steps required for 
assessment compatibility. (This is a standard regulatory procedure.) 
The Boeing STC package will provide instructions for the following: 
- Replacing the existing Maximum Pressure Safety Relief Valves (two per airplane) with new Valves 
that open at an increased delta pressure across the fuselage compatible with a cabin altitude of 6,500 
ft. 
- Replacing the existing Flight Deck Cabin Pressure Indicator with a new Indicator. 
- Modifications to prevent the new Safety Relief Valve from being interchangeable with the standard 
8000 foot cabin parts. 
- For airplane line numbers less than 779 only. Parts and instructions to install wing stringer stiffeners 
will be provided as part of the LCA kit. 
EFTA00811274
--- PAGE 6 ---
Hyperion Aviation Ltd 
Attachment A To Proposal 2131MK3011 
Proposal Date August 8, 2018 
Page A-2 of 2 
Note: Installation of SIB 737-57-1285 or MR39359 - 119 is an acceptable means to meet the Stringer 
requirement for airplanes prior to line position 779. 
Manual Revision Note(s): 
If required, Boeing will provide manual revisions required for Aircraft return to service with this Kit. 
For other manuals, Boeing will provide manual revisions if Customer has a revision service 
agreement with Boeing for the affected manuals. 
Delivery Configuration Note(s): 
The engineering provided by this Boeing Kit is applicable and valid only for the Aircraft in its original 
Boeing delivery configuration, and as modified by the incorporation of FAA approved Boeing service 
bulletins, and/or Boeing modification revisions. With respect to any other modifications, it shall be the 
responsibility of the Customer to obtain appropriate regulatory agency approval for application of the 
data provided by this Kit. The Boeing Company will have no obligation to the Customer in obtaining 
any such certification. 
Material/Equipment List: 
Similar To Part Number CAT 
 Part Qty 
Part Description 
 Supplier Name 
Note: Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) is not included in this Kit. The BFE list herein is provided for 
reference only and is subject to change. Customer should coordinate with Boeing before making any 
BFE purchases prior to Boeing's release of the service bulletin. The BFE list is not final until Boeing 
releases the service bulletin. 
EFTA00811275

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811276.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 1 of 11 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
GRAVIER PRODUCTIONS, INC. and 
WOODY ALLEN, 
Plaintiffs, 
VS. 
AMAZON CONTENT SERVICES, LLC, and 
AMAZON STUDIOS, LLC, 
Defendant. 
Case No. 1:19-cv-01169 
DEFENDANTS' MOTION TO 
DISMISS PLAINTIFFS' FIFTH, 
SIXTH, SEVENTH, AND EIGHTH 
CAUSES OF ACTION 
EFTA00811276
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 2 of 11 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
In August 2017, Defendant Amazon Content Services, LLC entered into an agreement 
with Woody Allen's production company, Gravier Productions, Inc., to acquire certain rights in 
the next four motion pictures filmed by Allen. (Compl. 9¶ 24-33.) Just over a month later, 
Allen's son Ronan Farrow published an investigative article in The New Yorker detailing 
multiple reports of serious sexual misconduct by film producer Harvey Weinstein.' The article 
became the catalyst for a broad public reckoning over the persistence of sexual harassment in 
entertainment and other industries. 
Despite immediate consensus on the importance of acknowledging and addressing this 
issue, Allen made a series of public comments suggesting that he failed to grasp the gravity of 
the issues or the implications for his own career. Allen expressed sympathy for Weinstein as 
well as his victims, describing the situation as "very sad for everybody involved."2 Then Allen 
added: "You don't want it to lead to a witch-hunt atmosphere, a Salem atmosphere, where every 
guy in an office who winks at a woman is suddenly having to call a lawyer to defend himself." 
Several months later, in January 2018, Allen's daughter Dylan Farrow recounted her memories 
I See Ronan Farrow, From Aggressive Overtures to Sexual Assault: Harvey Weinstein 's 
Accusers Tell Their Stories, The New Yorker (Oct. 10, 2017), 
https://vvww.newyorker.cominews/news-desk/from-aggressive-overtures-to-sexual-assault-
harvey-weinsteins-accusers-tell-their-stories. 
Daniel Kreps, Woody Allen: 'Harvey Weinstein Thing Is Veiy Sad for Everybody', Rolling 
Stone (Oct. 15, 2017), https://www.rollingstone.corn/culture/culture-news/woody-allen-harvey-
weinstein-thing-is-very-sad-for-everybody-125485/. 
31d. 
-1-
5522404 
EFTA00811277
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 3 of 11 
of Allen's sexual abuse' Allen publicly dismissed those statements as "cynically using" 
#MeToo for attention? 
Allen's statements came out just as Amazon and Allen were preparing to promote Allen's 
film Wonder Wheel, effectively sabotaging those efforts. The response from the film industry 
was swift and damning. Scores of actors and actresses expressed profound regret for having 
worked with Allen in the past, and many declared publicly that they would never work with him 
in the future.' In response, Allen doubled down with further public statements, claiming in an 
interview that he "should be the poster boy for the Me Too movement" because he had "only 
[been] accused by one woman in a child custody case."8 Appearing to understand how his 
comments collectively would impact his recent and future films, Allen himself concluded: "I am 
a pariah!"' 
Understood in the broader context, Allen's actions and their cascading consequences 
ensured that Amazon could never possibly receive the benefit of its four-picture agreement 
(despite already having paid Allen a $10 million advance upon signing). As a result, Amazon 
Sopan Deb, Dylan Farrow Accuses Woody Allen of Sexual Abuse in TV Interview, N.Y. Times 
(Jan. 18, 2018), https://www.nytimes.corn/2018/01/18/movies/dylan-farrow-woody-allen.html. 
sld. 
These include, among others, Judd Apatow, Haley Atwell, Cate Blanchett, Rachel Brosnahan, 
Michael Cain, Timothee Chalamet, Colin Firth, Greta Gerwig, Kathy Griffin, Rebecca Hall, 
David Krumholtz, Griffin Newman, Rosie O'Donnell, Ellen Page, Freida Pinto, Natalie Portman, 
Peter Sarsgaard, and Mira Sorvino. See Alissa Wilkinson, Evety Actor Who Has Publicly 
Expressed Regret For Working With Woody Allen, So Far, Vox (updated Mar. 13, 2018), 
https://vvww.vox.cornkulture/2018/1/16/16896392/actors-regret-woody-allen-dylan-farrow-
greta-gerwig-timothee-chalamet-michael-caine. 
Ella Alexander, Woody Allen Really Thinks He Should Be A "Poster Boy" for the #MeToo 
Movement, Harper's Bazaar (June 5, 2018), https://www.harpersbazaar.com/uk/culture/culture-
news/a21078714/woody-allen-really-thinks-he-should-be-a-poster-boy-for-the-metoo-
movement/ . 
Id. 
Daphne Merkin, Introducing Soon-Yi Previn, Vulture (Sept. 16, 2018), 
https://www.vulture.corn/2018/09/soon-yi-previn-speaks.html. 
- 2 - 
EFTA00811278
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 4 of 11 
was justified in terminating its relationship with Allen, and Plaintiffs ultimately will not recover 
any of the relief they seek. At this stage, however, Amazon moves only to dismiss four of 
Plaintiffs' causes of action that are duplicative of their central breach claims or otherwise fail as 
a matter of law. 
IL 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 
For the purposes of this motion to dismiss only, Amazon takes Plaintiffs' allegations as 
true. Plaintiffs allege as follows in their complaint: 
In July 2016, Amazon and Gravier entered into a film deal, pursuant to which Amazon 
acquired distribution rights in Allen's film Wonder Wheel. (Id. ¶ 21.) Amazon engaged in 
significant media and marketing efforts around the film in order to execute a successful theatrical 
release and awards campaign. (Id.) 
More than a year later, in August 2017, but prior to Allen's public comments and the 
unsuccessful promotion of Wonder Wheel, Amazon and Gravier entered into a Multipicture 
Acquisition Agreement (the "MAA"), which set forth the terms under which Amazon would 
acquire certain rights in Allen's next four pictures. (Id. 1 24 & Ex. A-1.) Each of those films—
Rainy Day in New York and untitled 2018, 2019, and 2020 features (collectively, the "Allen 
Films")—was deemed to be licensed pursuant to a stand-alone agreement in the same form as the 
prior Wonder Wheel agreement, but with changes as specified in the MAA. (Id. ¶¶ 26-27, 30-31 
& Ex. A-1 ¶ 1.) Pursuant to those four stand-alone agreements—the Rainy Day Agreement, 
2018 Allen Film Agreement, 2019 Worldwide Allen Film Agreement, and 2020 Worldwide 
Allen Film Agreement (collectively with the MAA, the "Allen Film Agreements")—Amazon 
agreed to theatrically release the films in specified markets and to pay both a minimum guarantee 
and certain additional amounts based on the success of each film. (Id. ¶¶ 28-29, 32-33.) 
- 3 - 
EFTA00811279
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 5 of 11 
In June 2018, after post-production work on A Rainy Day in New York had been 
completed, Defendants advised Plaintiffs that they were terminating the MAA and did not intend 
to distribute or otherwise exploit the Allen Films on account of "supervening events, including 
renewed allegations against Mr. Allen, his own controversial comments, and the increasing 
refusal of top talent to work with or be associated with him in any way." (Id. ¶¶ 39-40.) On July 
11, 2018, Plaintiffs sent Amazon formal notice of anticipatory breach and demanded that 
Amazon cure its breach within 15 business days. (Id. ¶ 43.) After efforts to reach an agreed 
resolution stalled, Plaintiffs filed suit. (Id.) 
III. 
LEGAL STANDARD 
To survive a motion to dismiss, a claim must "contain sufficient factual matter, accepted 
as true, to `state a claim to relief that is plausible on its facer Ashcroft v. lqbal, 556 U.S. 662, 
678 (2009) (quoting Bell Atl. Coq). v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 570 (2007)). This is "a standard 
that asks for more than a sheer possibility that a defendant has acted unlawfully." Montero v. 
City of Yonkers, 890 F.3d 386, 394 (2d Cir. 2018). A complaint that offers "labels and 
conclusions" or "a formalistic recitation of the elements of a cause of action will not 
do." Twombly, 550 U.S. at 555. For purposes of a motion to dismiss, a complaint "is deemed to 
include any written instrument attached to it as an exhibit or any statements incorporated in it by 
reference." Cortec Indus., Inc. v. Sum Holding L.P., 949 F.2d 42, 47 (2d Cir. 1991). 
IV. 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
Plaintiffs Have Not Adequately Pled Their Fifth And Seventh Claims For 
Relief, For Breach Of The MAA And The Implied Covenant Thereunder. 
In their Fifth and Seventh Claims for Relief, Plaintiffs allege that Amazon breached the 
express terms of the MAA, as well as the covenant of good faith and fair dealing implied therein, 
by failing and refusing to "provide financing for each of the Allen Films," "pay Gravier 
-4-
EFTA00811280
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 6 of 11 
minimum guarantee payments totaling in excess of $68,000,000," "pay Gravier additional 
amounts based on the success of each of the Allen Films," and "distribute each of the Allen 
Films widely." (Compl. 11188-96, 102-106.) These obligations, however, do not arise under the 
MAA. Rather, the MAA specifically states that each of the Allen Films is licensed pursuant to 
"an independent, standalone agreement" (each, a "Picture Agreement"), and that, once a picture 
is deemed licensed, "any claim for damages with respect to a Picture may be brought only under 
and with respect to the applicable Picture Agreement under which the Picture is licensed as if 
the Picture Agreement were a standalone agreement." (Id. Ex. A-1 ¶ 1 (emphasis added).) 
Plaintiffs explicitly acknowledge that each of the Allen Films has been licensed pursuant to a 
stand-alone agreement (id. 1127, 31), and Plaintiffs plead independent breach claims based upon 
Amazon's alleged failure to comply with its funding and distribution obligations thereunder (id. 
¶¶ 88-96, 97-101). Simply put, Plaintiffs have not alleged any actionable breaches of the MAA 
itself." 
Moreover, even if these claims were not explicitly barred, they would fail for lack of 
damages. In addition to the language quoted above, the parties agreed in the MAA to "WAIVE 
ANY AND ALL CLAIMS TO DAMAGES OF ANY KIND UNDER THIS AGREEMENT 
WITH RESPECT TO ANY PICTURE LICENSED PURSUANT TO A PICTURE 
AGREEMENT" and to instead "BRING ANY SUCH CLAIMS ONLY UNDER THE 
APPLICABLE PICTURE AGREEMENT." (Id. Ex. A-1 ¶ 9(O.) It is therefore not surprising 
1° There are provisions of the MAA that continue to apply even after the Allen Films have been 
deemed licensed pursuant to the stand-alone Picture Agreements—i.e., those related to payment 
of a $10,000,000 advance (Compl. Ex. A-1 ¶ 6) and an exclusive "first look" at other literary and 
visual materials that Plaintiffs intend to exploit (id. Ex. A-1 ¶ 7). Plaintiffs, however, do not 
allege that any of those provisions have been breached. In fact, they specifically plead that the 
$10,000,000 advance has been paid in full. (Id.134.) 
- 5 - 
EFTA00811281
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 7 of 11 
that Plaintiffs' prayer for relief identifies only monies allegedly due under the individual Picture 
Agreements. (Id. (Prayer for Relief).) Without recoverable damages, Plaintiffs cannot state 
viable claims for breach of the MAA and implied covenant thereunder. See Sec. Plans, Inc. v. 
Cuna Mut. Ins. Soc., 726 Fed. Appx. 17, 19 n.1 (2d Cir. 2018) ("Under New York law, proof of 
damages is an element of both breach of contract and breach of the implied covenant of good 
faith and fair dealing claims."); LoDuca Assocs., Inc. v. PMS Const. Mgmt. Corp., 936 N.Y.S.2d 
192, 192 (App. Div. 1st Dept. 2012) (dismissing causes of action because contract provided that 
"no damages" could be awarded for the complained-of conduct)." 
For each of these reasons, the Court should dismiss Plaintiffs' Fifth and Seventh Claims 
for Relief, for breach of the MAA and the implied covenant thereunder. 
B. 
Plaintiffs Have Not Adequately Pled Their Sixth Claim For Relief, For 
Breach Of Implied Covenant Under The Rainy Day Agreement. 
In their Sixth Claim for Relief, Plaintiffs allege that Amazon breached the implied 
covenant of good faith and fair dealing that is implied in the Rainy Day Agreement by 
"repudiating the agreement without cause," "refusing to distribute [A Rainy Day in New York]," 
and refusing to "pay the minimum guarantee" due under that agreement. (Comp1.11197-101.) 
This is precisely the same alleged conduct that serves as the basis for Plaintiffs' First Claim for 
Relief, for breach of the Rainy Day Agreement. (Id. ¶¶ 44-54.) 
"Under New York law, parties to an express contract are bound by an implied duty of 
good faith, but breach of that duty is merely a breach of the underlying contract." Harris v. 
Provident Life & Accident Ins. Co., 310 F.3d 73, 80 (2d Cir.2002). In other words, "a breach of 
the implied covenant is not a separate cause of action." Payday Advance Plus, Inc. v. 
Both the MAA and the stand-alone Picture Agreements are governed by New York law. 
(Compl. Ex. A-1 ¶ 9(k); id. Ex. A-2 ¶ 25(iv).) 
- 6 - 
EFTA00811282
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 8 of 11 
Findwhat.corn, Inc., 478 F. Supp. 2d 496, 503 (S.D.N.Y. 2007). Thus, "when a complaint 
alleges both a breach of contract and a breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing based on the same facts, the latter claim should be dismissed as redundant." La. Mun. 
Police Employees' Ret. Sys. v. JPMorgan Chase & Co., 2013 WL 3357173, at *9 (S.D.N.Y. July 
3, 2013) (citation omitted). 
Here, Plaintiffs' claims for breach of the Rainy Day Agreement and for breach of the 
implied covenant thereunder are based on precisely the same agreement and precisely the same 
alleged conduct. Plaintiffs further seek the same damages in both causes of action. (Compl. 
11154, 101.) Because Plaintiffs' implied covenant claim "arises from the same operative facts 
and seeks the same damages as the breach of contract claim," it should be dismissed. NYAHSA 
Sews., Inc., Self—Ins. Trust v. Recco Home Care Servs., Inc., 141 A.D.3d 792, 794 (N.Y. App. 
Div. 2016). 
C. 
Plaintiffs Have Not Adequately Pled Their Eighth Claim For Relief, For 
Unjust Enrichment. 
In their Eighth Claim for Relief, Plaintiffs allege that Defendants' repudiation of the 
Allen Film Agreements after having received the benefits of an association with Allen 
constitutes unjust enrichment. (Compl. ¶¶ 107-11.) Plaintiffs. however, fail to plead a viable 
claim for relief. 
In the first instance, Plaintiffs' unjust enrichment claim is foreclosed by their contract 
claims. Under governing New York law, "[tjhe notion of unjust enrichment applies where there 
is no contract between the parties." Md. Casualty Co. v. W.R. Grace and Co., 218 F.3d 204, 212 
(2d Cir. 2000). A claim for unjust enrichment therefore "cannot survive when there is no dispute 
that a valid contract existed between the parties." Liu v. Beth Israel Med. Ctr., 2003 WL 
21488081, at *4-5 (S.D.N.Y. June 26, 2003); see Ohio Players, Inc. v. Polygram Records, Inc., 
- 7 - 
EFTA00811283
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 9 of 11 
2000 WL 1616999, at *4 (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 27, 2000) ("Where a contract governs the subject matter 
involved, ... a claim for unjust enrichment should be dismissed.").' Plaintiffs allege that they 
have conferred benefits upon Defendants through their "commitment under the Allen Film 
Agreements to produce between four and six films for distribution by Defendants." (Compl. 
¶ 108.) In other words, the unjust enrichment claim not only relates to but arises from the 
written contracts that have allegedly been breached. Because Plaintiffs do not dispute the 
existence of a valid contract between the parties, their unjust enrichment claim must be 
dismissed. Liu, 2003 WL 21488081, at *4-5. 
Apparently recognizing this shortcoming, Plaintiffs allege that Defendants have been 
unjustly enriched not only by Plaintiffs' commitments under the Allen Film Agreements, but also 
by Defendants' "extensive publicity of their relationship with Mr. Allen and Gravier to promote 
and enhance Amazon Studios' and Amazon Content's film production and distribution 
business." (Compl. ¶ 108.) The Allen Film Agreements, however, expressly grant to Amazon 
the right to publicize those agreements (Compl. Ex. A-1 ¶ 9(c); id. Ex. A-2 ¶ 16), such that the 
written contracts cover the same subject matter as the alleged unjust enrichment. See Goldstein 
v. CIBC World Markets corp., 776 N.Y.S.2d 12, 14 (App. Div. 1st Dept. 2004) ("A claim for 
unjust enrichment, or quasi contract, may not be maintained where a contract exists between the 
parties covering the same subject matter."). 
This rule exists because contract damages are "intended to give the injured party the benefit of 
the bargain by awarding a sum of money that will, to the extent possible, put that party in as 
good a position as it would have been in had the contract been performed." Goodstein Const. 
Corp. v. City of New York, 80 N.Y.2d 366, 373 (1992). If an unjust enrichment claim could 
coexist alongside a breach of contract claims, plaintiffs could seek not only the "benefit of the 
bargain," but also amorphous damages based on other benefits that they believe their 
performance—or here, merely their "commitment" to perform—conferred. 
- 8 - 
EFTA00811284
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 10 of 11 
Moreover, the only "publicity" that Plaintiffs plead relates to prior written contracts 
between Allen and Amazon that have been fully performed—not the Allen Film Agreements at 
issue in this action. (See Compl. ¶ 20 (describing publicity in connection with 2016 distribution 
agreement for Cafe Society); id. 1 21 (describing publicity in connection with 2016 distribution 
agreement for Wonder Wheel).) Plaintiffs do not allege any publicity in connection with the 
Allen Film Agreements that Defendants are alleged to wrongfully have repudiated, and Plaintiffs 
fail to plead an unjust enrichment claim that is plausible on its face for this reason alone. 
For each of these reasons, the Court should dismiss Plaintiffs' Eighth Claim for Relief for 
unjust enrichment. 
V. 
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, Defendants respectfully request that the Court grant this 
motion and dismiss Plaintiffs' Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Claims for Relief. 
Dated: April 3, 2019 
HUESTON HENNIGAN LLP 
By: /s/ Robert N. Klieger 
Robert N. Klieger (pro hac vice) 
Mon M. Kaba 
Michael Todisco (pro hac vice) 
HUESTON HENNIGAN LLP 
523 West 6th Street, Suite 400 
Los Angeles, CA 90014 
Telephone: (213) 788-4340 
Facsimile: (888) 775-0898 
Attorneys for Defendants Amazon 
Content Services, LLC. and Amazon 
Studios, LLC 
- 9 - 
EFTA00811285
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:19-cv-01169-DLC Document 25 Filed 04/03/19 Page 11 of 11 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that on April 3, 2019, a copy of the above was filed through the CM/ECF system, 
which will send copies to all counsel of record. 
/s/ Robert N. Klieger 
Counsel for Defendants 
- 10 - 
EFTA00811286

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811287.pdf
----------------------------------------
COMMUNICATIONS 
BIOLOGY 
ARTICLE 
DOI: 10.1038/s42003.018-0078.7 
OPEN 
Construction of arbitrarily strong amplifiers of 
natural selection using evolutionary graph theory 
Andreas Pavlogiannisl, Josef Tkadlecl, Krishnendu Chatterjeel & Martin A. Nowaku 2
Because of the intrinsic randomness of the evolutionary process, a mutant with a fitness 
advantage has some chance to be selected but no certainty. Any experiment that searches 
for advantageous mutants will lose many of them due to random drift. It is therefore of great 
interest to find population structures that improve the odds of advantageous mutants. Such 
structures are called amplifiers of natural selection: they increase the probability that 
advantageous mutants are selected. Arbitrarily strong amplifiers guarantee the selection of 
advantageous mutants, even for very small fitness advantage. Despite intensive research over 
the past decade, arbitrarily strong amplifiers have remained rare. Here we show how to 
construct a large variety of them. Our amplifiers are so simple that they could be useful in 
biotechnology, when optimizing biological molecules, or as a diagnostic tool, when searching 
for faster dividing cells or viruses. They could also occur in natural population structures. 
1IST Austria, A-3400 Klosterneuburg. Austria. 2 Program for Evolutionary Dynamics. Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology, Department of 
Mathematics, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA. These authors contributed equally: Andreas Pavlogiannis, Josef Tkadlec. Correspondence 
and requests for materials should be addressed to M.A.N. (email: martin_noviak@han•ard.edu) 
COMMUNICAIIONS BIOLOGY I (2018)1:71100110.1038/542003.016.0078.7 I wiwynalurecornkommsbto 
EFTA00811287
--- PAGE 2 ---
ARTICLE 
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I DOI: 10.1038/s42003.018-0078.7 
I
n the evolutionary process, mutation generates new variants, 
while selection chooses between mutants that have different 
reproductive rates. Any new mutant is initially present at very 
low frequency and can easily be eliminated by random drift. The 
probability that the lineage of a new mutant eventually takes over 
the entire population is called the fixation probability. It is a key 
quantity of evolutionary dynamics and characterizes the rate of 
evolutiots. 
Consider a population, in which at each time step an individual 
is chosen for reproduction with probability proportional to fit-
ness, and the offspring replaces another individual'. In a well-
mixed population, each offspring is equally likely to replace any 
individual. If the new mutant has relative fitness r, then its fixa-
tion probability is (1 — 1 /r)/(1 — 1/rw), where N is the popu-
lation sizes. For advantageous mutants, which have r>l, the 
fixation probability converges to 1 — lir in the limit of large 
population size. 
Population structure can affect evolutionary and ecological 
dynamics7-16. In evolutionary graph theory, the structure of a 
population is described by a graph17-24: each individual occupies 
a vertex; the edges mark the neighboring sites where a reprodu-
cing individual can place an offspring. The edge weights represent 
the proportional preference to make such a choice. If each 
neighbor is chosen uniformly at random, then the outgoing edges 
of every vertex have identical weights. 'This is modeled by an 
unweighted graph. A self-loop represents the possibility that an 
offspring does not migrate but instead replaces its parent35. The 
classical well-mixed population is described by an unweighted, 
complete graph with self-loops. 
In general, the fixation probability depends not only on the 
graph, but also on the initial placement of the invading 
mutants2e,, 27. The two most natural cases are the following. First, 
mutation is independent of reproduction and occurs at all loca-
tions at a constant rate per unit time. 'Thus, mutants arise with 
equal probability in each location. This is called unifonn initi-
alization. Second, mutation happens during reproduction. In this 
case, mutants are more likely to occur in locations that have a 
higher turnover. This is called temperature initialization. Our 
approach also allows us to study any combination of the two 
cases: some mutants arise spontaneously while others occur 
during reproduction. 
For a wide class of population structures", which include 
symmetric ones28, the fixation probability is the same as for the 
well-mixed population. A population structure is an amplifier if it 
exaggerates the fitness difference between the invading mutant 
and 
the 
resident 
when compared 
to 
the 
well-mixed 
population"- 27. 29. A population structure is an arbitrarily 
strong amplifier (for brevity hereafter also called "strong ampli-
fier") if it ensures a fixation probability arbitrarily dose to one for 
any advantageous mutant, r> 1. Strong amplifiers can only exist 
in the limit of large population size. 
Numerical studies3° suggest that for spontaneously arising 
mutants and small population size, many unweighted graphs 
amplify for some values of r. But for a large population size, 
randomly constructed, unweighted graphs do not amplifym. 
Moreover, proven amplifiers for all values of r are rare. For 
spontaneously arising mutants (uniform initialization): (i) the 
Star has fixation probability of -1 - 1/r2 in the limit of large N, 
and is thus an amplifier17. 32' 33; (ii) the Superstar (introduced in 
ref. 17, see also ref. 31 and the Incubator (introduced in refs. 
35. 36), which are graphs with unbounded degree, are strong 
amplifiers. The mathematical proofs of these assertions are 
intricate37. 
For mutants that arise during reproduction (temperature 
initialization), neither the Star nor the Superstar amplify27. The 
Star can be modified with self-loops and edge weights to obtain 
the Looping Star, which has fixation probability 1 — lir2 in the 
limit of large N both for mutants that arise during reproduction 
and for mutants that arise spontaneously. The Looping Star is the 
only known amplifier for both uniform and temperature initi-
alization27, but it is not an arbitrarily strong amplifier. In fact, no 
strong amplifier for temperature initialization had been known. 
In this work we resolve several open questions regarding strong 
amplification under uniform and temperature initialization. First, 
we show that there exists a vast variety of graphs with self-loops 
and weighted edges that are arbitrarily strong amplifiers for both 
uniform and temperature initialization. Moreover, many of those 
strong amplifiers are structurally simple, therefore they might be 
realizable in natural or laboratory setting. Second, we show that 
both self-loops and weighted edges are key features of strong 
amplification. Namely, we show that without either self-loops or 
weighted edges, no graph is a strong amplifier under temperature 
initialization, and no simple graph is a strong amplifier under 
uniform initialization. 
Results 
Results overview. Our contribution comes in two parts. First, we 
give an explicit construction of a wide range of strong amplifiers. 
Second, we identify features of population structures that are 
necessary for amplification. See Fig. 1 for the illustration of the 
model and Supplementary Table 1 for the summary of our results. 
Construction of strong amplifiers. We prove that almost all 
families of connected graphs with self-loops can be turned into 
arbitrarily strong amplifiers of natural selection by assigning 
suitable edge weights. The resulting structures are arbitrarily 
strong amplifiers for both types of mutants: those that arise 
during reproduction and those that arise spontaneously, or any 
combination of the two. Our result proves not only the existence 
of those structures, but provides an explicit procedure for their 
construction. Note that by assigning small (or even zero) weight 
to an edge, we can effectively erase it. Hence, our construction is 
particularly interesting for sparse graphs. 
The construction first specifies certain subset of vertices that we 
call a "hub". The remaining vertices are split by the hub into a 
number of short "branches". The construction guarantees that the 
combined population size of all the branches is much larger than 
that of the hub. Therefore, with high probability, the first mutant 
arises on a branch. 
The weights of all edges are then defined so that each of the 
following steps happens with high probability (Fig. 2). First, the 
mutants spread on the branch until they reach a vertex that is 
connected to the hub. Second, the mutants repeatedly invade the 
hub and eventually fixate there. Third, one by one the mutants 
spread from the hub to all branches and fixate. 
Intuitively, the weight assignment creates a sense of global flow 
in the branches, directed toward the hub. This guarantees that the 
first two steps happen with high probability. For the third step, we 
show that once the mutants fixate in the hub, they are extremely 
likely to resist all resident invasion attempts and instead they will 
invade and take over the branches one by one thereby fixating on 
the whole graph. For more detailed description, see "Methods" 
section "Construction of strong amplifiers". 
Simulation results. Note that simple structures such as Stars, 
Grids, or Sunflowers can be turned into arbitrarily strong 
amplifiers using our construction (Fig. 3). The explicit weight 
construction is described in Supplementary Figure 1. In Fig. 3, we 
show the results of numerical experiments on the fixation prob-
abilities of advantageous mutants, comparing the weighted 
structures to their unweighted counterparts. The experiments 
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I (2018)1:71IDOL 10.1038/s42003-018-0078-7I www.naturecom/comnabio 
EFTA00811288
--- PAGE 3 ---
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I DOI: 10.1038/s42003.018 0078.7 
ARTICLE 
a 
Extinction 
A new mutant 
d 
e 
Fixation 
• 
• 
• 
0.0 
••• 
• 
• 
f 
Fig.1 Evolutionary dynamics in structured populations. Residents (yellow) and mutants (purple) differ in their reproductive rate. a A single mutant appears. 
The lineage of the mutant becomes extinct or re ches fixation. The probability that the mutant takes over the population is called "fixation probability". b 
The classical, well-mixed population is described by a complete graph with self-loops. (Self-loops are not shown here.) (c) Isothermal structures do not 
change the fixation probability compared to the w Il-mixed population. d The Star is an amplifier for uniform initialization. e A self-loop means the offspring 
can replace the parent. Self-loops are a mathematical tool to assign different reproduction rates to different places. f The Superstar, which has unbounded 
degree in the limit of large population size, is a strong amplifier for uniform initialization. Its edges (shown as arrows) are directed which means that the 
connections are one-way 
Fig. 2 Steps to fixation in strong amplifiers. Residents are shown in yellow, mutants in purpl . a Our construction partitions a graph into a "hub" (orange) 
and a number of "branches" (blue) in such a way that the first mutant appears in one of the branches. The fixation of advantageous mutants is then 
reached in three stages. b The mutant lineage reaches the vertex of the branch adjacent to the hub. c, d Next, the mutants place offspring into the hub 
several times and eventually fixate there. In the worst case, the initial branch can become all residents again. e, f Finally, the mutants fixate in the branches 
one after the other and thereby occupy the whole population 
COMMUNICAtiONS BIOLOGY I (2018)1:71I DOI 10.1038/x42003.018.0078.71 www_nature_com/commsbco 
EFTA00811289
--- PAGE 4 ---
ARTICLE 
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY 1001: 10.1038/s42003.018'0078.7 
a 
b 
C 
• • • • Weighted 
Unweighted 
— 
(-1.05 
— 
rx1.1 
— 
r-1.2 
1.0 
z. 0.8 
0.6 
€ 0.4 
II! 0.2 
0.0 
........... ........... 
.'s 
. _.." 
........... 
................ 
..... 
a 
1.0 
u- 0.2 
0.0 
1.0 
• 
0.8 
<ti 
• 
0.6 
g 0.4 
LL 0.2 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
Population size, N 
• 
• 
• 
. . 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
••.. • • 
. • 
•
100 
Population size. N 
100 
150 
Population size, N 
Fig. 3 Almost any topology can be turned into a strong amplifier. We illustrate the construction using the topology of a Star (a), a Grid (b), and a Sunflower 
(c). The hub is shown in orange, the branches in blue. Thin edges are assigned negligibly small (or zero) weights. For each graph, we compare the fixation 
probability of the unweighted (lines) and the weighted version (dots) as function of the population size, N for uniform initialization (for temperature 
initialization, see Supplementary Figure 2). A Sunflower graph consists of a well-mixed population of size n in the center surrounded by n petals, which are 
local well-mixed populations. Each petal is connected to a unique vertex of the center. For details, see Supplementary Note 1, Section 6 
simulate the evolutionary dynamics on each population structure. 
We vary the population size and the fitness advantages for the 
mutant. For each such case, we simulate the evolutionary 
dynamics many times to obtain an accurate value for the average 
fixation probability. We observe that although the unweighted 
structures have small (or no) amplification properties, our con-
struction turns them into strong amplifiers, where advantageous 
mutants fixate with high probability. 
Specifically, in Fig. 3a, we consider Star graphs SN with N = 10, 
20...., 500. For the unweighted Star, there is an exact formula for 
fixation probability under both uniform and temperature 
initialization32. The values for weighted Star were computed by 
numerically solving large systems of linear equations. 
In Fig. 3b, we consider n x n and n x (n+ I) Grid graphs of 
sizes N = 9,12,16,20, ... .100. In order to avoid boundary,
conditions, the grid "wraps around" that is the vertices in the first 
row are connected to the vertices in the last row and the same 
holds for columns. The unweighted Grid with N vertices is 
isothermal so the fixation probability under both uniform and 
temperature initialization is given by (1 — 1/r)/(1 — 1/rw). 
In Fig. 3c, we consider Sunflower graphs. An n-centered 
Sunflower graph is a graph consisting of a well-mixed population 
of size n in the center and n surrounding petals, which are 
well-mixed population themselves. Each petal is connected with 
all its vertices to a unique vertex from the center. Specifically, we 
consider n- centered Sunflower graphs where all petals have the 
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I (2018)1:711001: KI1038/542033-018-0078-7 wwwAatutecom/comrrabio 
EFTA00811290
--- PAGE 5 ---
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I DOI: 10.1038/542003.018.0078.7 
ARTICLE 
d 
Fig. 4 Infinite variety of strong amplifiers. Many topologies can be turned into arbitrarily strong amplifiers (Wheel (a). Triangular grid (b), Concentric 
circles (c), and Tree (d)). Each graph is partitioned into hub (orange) and branches (blue). The weights can be then assigned to the edges so that we obtain 
arbitrarily strong amplifiers. Thick edges receive large weights, whereas thin edges receive small (or zero) weights 
same size (either n — 1 or n — 2). The total population size is 
N = 6,9, 12, 16, ... , 182. 
Recall that strong amplifiers can only exist in the limit of large 
population size. The above simulations illustrate that our weight 
assignment substantially increases the fixation probability even 
for graphs with small population size. An illustration of a wide 
variety of strong amplifiers for different topologies is presented in 
Fig. 4. 
Necessary conditions for amplification. Our main result shows 
that a large variety of population structures can provide strong 
amplification. A natural follow-up question concerns the features 
of population structures under which amplification can emerge. 
We complement our main result by proving that both weights 
and self-loops are essential for strong amplification. Thus, we 
establish a strong dichotomy. Without either weights or self-
loops, no graph can be a strong amplifier under temperature 
initialization, and no simple graph can be a strong amplifier 
under uniform initialization. On the other hand, if we allow both 
weights and self-loops, strong amplification is ubiquitous. 
Under temperature initialization, we prove that on every graph 
without self-loops (but possibly with weighted edges), the fixation 
probability is at most 1 — 1/(r 
1). Similarly, on every graph 
without weighted edges (but possibly with self-loops), the fixation 
probability is at most 1 — 1/(4r+2). Hence, if the population 
structure lacks either self-loops or weights, strong amplification 
under temperature initialization is impossible. 
Under uniform initialization, we prove two analogous results 
for families of graphs that have bounded degree. Here, a family 
{GI, G2. 
} of graphs has bounded degree if there exists a 
constant c such that every vertex of every graph in the family has 
at most c adjacent edges. An example of bounded degree graphs 
are Grid graphs: every vertex in a rectangular Grid of any size has 
degree at most 4 (or 8 for Moore neighborhood). We prove that 
on every graph without self-loops (but possibly with weighted 
edges), the fixation probability is at most 1 — 1/(c + cr2). 
Similarly, on every graph without weighted edges (but possibly 
with self-loops), the fixation probability is at most 1 — 1/(1 + rc). 
It follows that with either of the two restrictions, there exist no 
strong amplifiers under uniform initialization. 
Discussion 
Prior to our finding, strong amplifiers of natural selection have 
been elusive. Only very few examples of strong amplifiers have 
been described for spontaneously arising mutants. No strong 
amplifiers have been known for mutants that arise during 
reproduction. But here we show that many population structures 
can be turned into arbitrarily strong amplifiers, for both types of 
mutants, by choosing suitable edge weights. Consequently, there 
exists an unlimited variety of population structures that are 
strong amplifiers of natural selection (Fig. 4). We present an 
algorithm for their construction. We note that our structures can 
be remarkably simple. 
It is now conceivable that amplifiers of natural selection could 
be built in the lab. Modem microfluidics technology is capable of 
building population structures (or, so called "metapopulations"", 
which control the topology of interactions and migration38-1 . 
These metapopulations are typically arranged in microscale pat-
ches of habitat, and migration flows between neighboring patches 
are created asymmetrically, using one-way barriers such us fun-
nels41. Most realized topologies are simple, e.g., forming two-
dimensional grids. Our work is the first to show that even such 
simple structures can lead to strong amplification by controlling 
the migration rates between patches. 
Amplifiers of natural selection could become important tools 
for in vitro evolution42-15, because they can greatly boost the 
ability to find advantageous mutants. Amplifiers could aid the 
discovery of optimized protein or nucleotide sequences for any 
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I (2018)1:71100110.1038/x42003.016.0078.71 www.nathrecetry,cominsbe 
EFTA00811291
--- PAGE 6 ---
ARTICLE 
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I DOI: 10.1038/s42003.018-0078.7 
a 
Weights: 
Edge usage 
per generation: 
— 
10% 
40% 
8_8_8
0.8 
0.8 
1.5
20% 
50% 
Stage 3 
C 
Stage 1 
branch 
O—re 
hub 
\\\\\V 
OAP -* tick \ 
-> hub reached 
Stage 2 
hub 
b
in 
-I Ration in the hub 
hub 
Drano4
an the branch 
S Details of steps to fixation. a Assigning different weights to edges and self-loops changes the frequency with which each edge is used in each 
direction. Thicker arrows indicate edges that are used more frequently. b Our weight assignment creates a global sense of flow in the branches, directed 
toward the hub. The hub itself is almost isothermal and evolves fast. c Three stages to fixation illustrated on a single branch and the connecting vertex in 
the hub. After fixating on the hub at the end of Stage 2 (hub becomes dark orange), mutants spread to all the branches and fixate on the whole graph 
medical or industrial purpose. They could also be a highly sen-
sitive diagnostic tool for screening populations of replicating cells 
or viruses for the presence of faster growing (pathological) var-
iants. Amplifiers should be especially useful in situations where 
the rate-limiting step is the discovery and evaluation of margin-
ally advantageous mutants. 
Some naturally occurring population structures could be 
amplifiers of natural selection. For example, the germinal centers 
of the immune system might constitute amplifiers for the affinity 
maturation process of adaptive immunity4°. Habitats of animals 
that are divided into multiple islands with a central breeding 
location could potentially also act as amplifiers of selection. Our 
theory helps to identify those structures in natural settings. 
Our study also establishes structural features that are necessary 
for amplification. For example, under temperature initialization. 
amplification cannot arise from the topology alone, but crucially 
depends on the migration rates between neighboring sites. 
Similarly, any search for natural amplifiers must focus on struc-
tures where the effect of self-loops is present, meaning that the 
offspring of reproducing individuals occasionally remains local 
and does not migrate to neighboring locations. 
Most of the research in the field, including the current work. 
has focused on the populations that evolve according to the 
standard birth-death updating. An interesting direction for future 
research is to study if similar results can be achieved for 
death-birth updating. 
Methods 
Here we describe the bask model and outline the mathematical methods. Further 
details are given in Supplementary Note 1. 
Model. Population structure Is captured by a graph G with N vertices and directed 
edges that are possibly weighted and include self-loops. The vertices represent 
individuals. the edges represent interactions (Fig. I). The weight of an edge between 
vertices i and j Ls denoted by ivy. and captures the rate at which vertex i interacts 
with). Alternatively. the rates can be captured by allowing multiple edges between 
vertices, in which case the structure is modeled by an unweighted multigraph. The 
degree of a vertex is the number of edges adjacent to it. 
Individuals are of two types: residents with fitness I and (advantageous) 
mutants with fitness r>I. The fitness of individual occupying vertex i Is denoted by 
The population evolves according to birth-death updating. In each step. one 
individual is chosen for reproduction randomly and proportionally to its fitness. 
and then one of the adjacent edges is chosen randomly and proportionally to the 
edge weight. The selected individual produces a copy of itself (birth) and sends this 
copy along the selected edge to replace the individual at the other end of the edge 
(death). That is, Individual 7 is selected for reproduction with probability fl E, f, 
and its adjacent edge (7. I') ls then selected with probability wg/ E, leg. The 
individual at vertex I then becomes the same type as individual at vertex i. Note 
that due to different degrees and weights. an edge between Individuals i and I' an 
be used more frequently in direction "from i to e" than in direction 'from i' to C. 
The state of the process is given by vector (sr ay ....4.), where ; =1 
represents that the individual occupying vertex i Is a mutant and x, = 0 for a 
resident. The process starts with a single mutant on one vertex and stops either 
when all the individuals become mutants (fixation) or residents (extinction) 
(Fig. la). 
Initialization scheme. In the beginning, the position of the single mutant can be 
chosen either uniformly at random (uniform initialization. L) or proportionally to 
the temperature of the vertex (temperature initialization. 7). The temperature h, of 
vertex h is defined as 
ea - EZ^ w
and corresponds to how frequently each vertex is being replaced by reproduction 
events happening in the neighboring vertices. 
Amplifiers. The probability of fixation for a single mutant with relative fitness 
appearing on graph G according to initialization scheme U (or 7) is denoted by 
p(G. r. U) (or p(G.e. 7)). 
Denoting by Kg the complete graph on N vertices, we have 
I — 
p(K. r. U) = p(Kr.
(2) 
as N 
co. Graphs for which the fixation probability is greater than this for any 
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I (2018)1:71lDOI: 10.1038/s42003-01B-0078-7 I xymnaturecorn/temrrabo 
EFTA00811292
--- PAGE 7 ---
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I DOI: 10.1038/x42003.018.0078.7 
ARTICLE 
r> I are called unif-amplifiers or temp-amplifiers based on the initialization 
scheme. 
The most well-known unif-amplifiers are Star graphs SN (see Fig. Id) for which 
p(SN. r. U) — 1 — 1/,>1 — 1/r as N — oc. However. Star graphs are not temp-
amplifiers, since p(Sm. 
O. 
We are interested in the behavior for large population sizes. A sequence of 
graphs G,. G„ ... of increasing size is called a strong unif-amplifier if, in the limit. 
the fixation probability under uniform Initialization tends to I for arbitrary. fixed 
r> I (that is. if for any r> 1, we have lima..., 
r. U) — I). Strong temp-
amplifiers are defined analogously. requiring that lira,—: p(G,r.T) — 1. 
Fundamental questions. Despite the rich interest in amplifiers of natural selection. 
many basic questions have remained unanswered. The fundamental open questions 
are the following. 
First. are there strong amplifiers for temperature initialization? More generally. 
are there population structures that function as strong amplifiers for both uniform 
and temperature initialization? 
Second. similarly to the Star. does three exist a graph without self-loops and/or 
without weights that is an amplifier for temperature initialization. achieving 
fixation probability at least 1 — I& for large N? 
Third. are there simple structures, such as graphs with bounded degree. that are 
strong amplifiers for uniform initialization? 
Construction of strong amplifiers. In our positive result. we answer the first 
fundamental question by proving that almost every family of graphs of increasing 
population size can be turned into a strong amplifier (both strong unif-amplifier 
and strong temp-amplifier) by allowing self-loops and assigning weights to edges. 
Self-loops are natural. They indicate that the offspring can replace the parent °. 
The standard Moran process is given by a complete graph with self-loops. 
In the proof1°. we start by defining a subset of vertices called a hub and 
partitioning the remaining vertices into subsets called branches in such a way that 
each branch connects to the hub. The partitioning has the property that the hub is 
larger than each branch individually. but smaller than all of them combined. Such a 
partitioning is possible for all graphs that have diameter polynomially smaller than 
N(i.e.. the distance between every pair of nodes is at most N". where c >0 is fixed 
and independent of PI). 
Once we construct the partitioning with the required properties, we proceed by 
assigning weights in such a way that. intuitively. (I) in each branch. there is a sense 
of global flow directed toward the hub: and (h) the hub is isothermal and evolves 
faster than the rest of the graph. The success of the construction then relies on the 
following two principles. 
First. the weights create a sense of global flow. The weight assignment in the 
branches guarantees that every edge is used more frequently in the direction 
toward the hub than an the direction away from the hub. Moreover. by assigning 
suitable weights to the self-loops. we achieve that edges closer to the hub are used 
more frequently then edges further away from the hub. See Fig. 5a for a small 
numerical illustration. These two facts imply that a mutant arising in a branch will 
propagate toward the hub and repeatedly try to invade it. 
Second. there is an important asymmetry between mutants and residents on a 
cal-mixed population. For large population size N. the fixation probability of a 
single mutant with fitness r >I Invading a well-mixed population of N residents 
tends to the positive constant 1 — Ur. On the other hand, the probability that a 
single resident takes over a large well-axed population of advantageous mutants is 
—r 'v. Le., exponentially small in N. The weight assignment within the hub makes 
the hub behave approximately like a well-mixed population. Therefore once the 
mutants fixate in the hub, they are extremely likely to resist the upcoming invasion 
attempts of the residents. 
With these two principles in mind. we can informally argue as follows. Since the 
hub occupies only a small portion of the graph, the first mutant most likely appears 
in some branch. We focus on that branch and the hub (see Fig. 5b) and prove that 
due to the biased flow toward the hub. the mutants spread all the way to the hub 
(see Fig. 5c. Stage 1). Once in the hub, the mutants have a constant chance to fixate 
there. If the first invading mutant lineage falls in the hub, another such lineage will 
be generated from the branch. Eventually. the mutants take over the hub (see 
Fig. 5c. Stage 2). From that point on, it is extremely unlikely that the residents 
could win the hub back In order to fixate on the branch. the mutants have to 
proceed against the natural direction of the flow. which is. in absolute terns. fairly 
improbable. However, the alternative of residents taking over the hub is much 
more improbable. Thus. with high probability, the mutants will succeed in fixating 
on the branch (see Fig. Sc. Stage 3). Similarly. they fixate on all the other branches. 
Foe details, see Supplementary Note I. Section 5, and the references therein. 
Necessary conditions for ampilkatkm. In our negative results. we answer the 
second and the third fundamental question by proving that both self-loops and 
weighted edges are essential for existence of strong amplifiers. 
First. in order to address the second fundamental question, we consider 
temperature initialization on an arbitrary graph. 
In order to prove that self-loops are necessary features for strong amplification. 
we consider a graph without self-loops (possibly with weighted edges). Them given 
any possible starting position i of the mutant. we find that the probability. p,. that 
the mutant is replaced by one of its resident neighbors before it reproduces even 
once equals p, = rat(r, + r). where t is the temperature of vertex s. Therefore. the 
fixation probability starting from a state with single mutant at vertex i is at most 
- L/(t, + r). Taking all possible starting positions into account. we establish an 
upper bound 1 - 1/(r + I) on the fixation probability using Cauchy-Schwarz 
inequality. This implies that without self-loops. strong amplification under 
temperature initialisation is not possible. 
In order to prove that weighted edges are also necessary, we consider an 
unweighted graph (possibly with self-loops). We argue similarly and establish an 
upper bound 1 - 1/(4r + 2) on the fixation probability. Thus. the second 
fundamental question is answered in negative. 
Second. in order to address the thud fundamental question. we consider 
uniform initialization on graphs with bounded degree. As above. we first consider a 
graph without self-loops (possibly with weighted edges). Given any such graph G. 
we single out a subset 0 of vertices with high temperature that we call hot vertices. 
Formally. V' consists of vertices that are replaced by at least one of their neighbors 
with rate at least lie. where e is the constant that bounds the degtee. We prove that 
the subset V" is large (namely. 'VI > N/c) and that the fixation probability 
starting from a single hot vertex is small (namely. smaller than re/(1 + re)). 
Accounting of all hot vertices, we establish that p(G. r. 
< 1 — 1/(e + er2). The 
case of unweighted graphs (that possibly have self-loops) follows similarly. by 
noticing that under bounded degree. all vertices are sufficiently hot. The bound we 
obtain is p(G. r U) < 1 — 1/(1 + rc). Altogether. this answers the third 
fundamental question in negative. For details. see Supplementary Note I. Section 4. 
and the references therein. 
Data and code ayaBablity. The data sets generated and analyzed dating the 
current study and the related computer code are available in the Figshareu 
repository. hoprfidoLorg/10.6084/m9.figshare.6323240.v1. 
Received: 28 March 2018 Accepted: 25 May 2018 
Published online: 14 June 2018 
References 
I. Ewers, W. Mathematical Population Genetics 2: Theoretical Introduction. 
Interdisciplinary Applied Mathematics (Springer. New York, 2004). 
2. 
Kimura. M. Evolutionary rate at the molecular level Nature 217. 624-626 
(1968). 
3. 
Desai, M. M.. Fisher. D. S. & Murray. A. W. The speed of evolution and 
maintenance of variation in asexual populations. Carr. Biol. 17, 385-394 
(2007). 
4. 
McCandlish. D. M.. Epstein. C. L & Plotkin. I. B. Formal properties of the 
probability of fixation: identities, inequalities and approximations. Them. 
Poput Blot 99, 98-113 (2015). 
5. 
Nowak, M. A. Evolutionary Dynamics (Harvard University Press, Cambridge, 
MA. 2006). 
6. 
Moran, P. A. P. The Statistical Processes of Evolutionary Theory (Oxford 
University Press, Oxford. 1962). 
7. Stain, M. Fixation probabilities and fixation times in a subdivided 
population. Evolution 35.477-488 (1981). 
8. 
Nowak, M. A. & May. R. M. Evolutionary games and spatial chaos. Nature 
359. 826429 (1992). 
9. 
Durrett. It & Levi,.. S. A. Stochastic spatial models: a user's guide to ecological 
applications. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. Lond. Ser. B Blot Set 343.329-350 (1994). 
10. Whitlock, M. Fixation probability and time in subdivided populations. 
Genetics 779,767-779 (2003). 
II. /butte C. & Doeba. M. Spatial structure often inhibits the evolution of 
cooperation In the snowdrift game. Nature 428,643-646 (2000. 
12. Komarova, N. L Spatial stochastic models for cancer initiation and 
progression. Bull. Math. Biol. 68. 1573-1599 (2006). 
13. Pere. M. & SzolnokL A. Social diversity and promotion of cooperation in the 
spatial prisoner's dilemma game. Phys. Rev. E 77, 011904 (2008). 
14. Houchmandzadeh. B. & Manacle. M. The fixation probability of a beneficial 
mutation in a geographically structured population. New 
Phys. 13.073020 
(2011). 
15. Frean. M.. Rainey. P. B. & Traulsen, A. The effect of population structure on 
the rate of evolution. Proc. R. Soc. B Blot. Sc,. 280. 20130211 (2013). 
16. Komarova, N. L. Shahtiyari, L. & Wodarz, D. Complex role of space in the 
crossing of fitness valleys by asexual populations. I. R. Soc. Interface 11. 
20140014 (2014). 
17. Lieberman, E. Hawn. C & Nowak. M. A. Evolutionary dynamics on graphs. 
Nature 433,312-316 (2005). 
18. Broom. M. & Rychtlt.1. An analysis of the fixation probability of a mutant on 
special classes of non-directed graphs. Proc. k Soc. A Math. Phys. Eng. Sci. 
464. 2609-2627 (2008). 
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I (2018)1:71100110.1038/142003.016.0078.7 I www.natureacturroamenstro 
EFTA00811293
--- PAGE 8 ---
ARTICLE 
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I DOE 10.1038/x42003.018.0078.7 
19. StokeIcL A. & Pesci M. Reward and cooperation in the spatial public goods 
game. Europks Len 92. 38003 (2010). 
20. Broom. M.. Ryan/. J. & Stadler. B. Evolutionary dynamics on graphs -- the 
effect of graph structure and initial placement on mutant spread. J. Stat. 
Theory Pratt 5. 369-381 (2011). 
21. Shakarian. P., Roos. P. & Johnson, A. A review of evolutionary graph theory 
with applications to game theory. Biosystems 107, 66-80 (2012). 
22. Dibarre. F.. Haunt. C. & Doebeli. M. Social evolution in structured 
populations. Nat. Commun. 5. 3409 (2014). 
23. Allen. B. et al. Evolutionary dynamics on any population structure. Nature 
544. 227-230 (2017). 
24. Pavlogiannis. A.. Tkadlec. L. Chatterjee. K. & Nowak. M. A. Amplification on 
undirected population structures: comets beat stars. Set. Rep. 7. 82 (2017). 
25. Pattni. K.. Broom. M., Rychtit. 1. & Silvers• L I. Evolutionary graph theory 
revisited: when is an evolutionary process equivalent to the moran process? 
Proc. R. Soc. A Math. Phys. Eng. Set 471. 20150334 (2015). 
26. Antal. T.. Redner. S. & Seed. V. Evolutionary dynamics on degree-
heterogeneous graphs. Phys. Rev. Lett 96. 188104 (2006). 
27. Adlam. B., Chatterjee. K. & Nowak. M. Amplifiers of selection. Proc. R. Sec. A 
Math. Phys. Eng. Sea. 471. 20150114 (2015). 
28. Maruyama. T. A Markov process of gene frequency change in a geographically 
structured population. Genetics 76. 367-377 (1974). 
29. Kaveh. IC. Komareva, N. L & ICohandel, M. The duality of spatial death-birth 
and birth-death processes and limitations of the isothermal theorem. k Sec. 
Open Sci. 2, 140465 (2015). 
30. Hindersin. L & Traulsen. A. Most undirected random graphs are amplifiers of 
selection for birth-death dynamics. but suppressors of selection for death-birth 
dynamics. PloS Comput Biol. 11. e1004437 (2015). 
31. Adlam. B. & Nowak, M. A. Universality of fixation probabilities in randomly 
structured populations Sea. Rep. 4. 6692 (2014). 
32. Monk. T., Green, P. & Paulin. M. Martingales and fixation probabilities of 
evolutionary graphs. Prot. P. Soc. A Math. M.  Eng. Set 470. 20130730 
(2014). 
33. Chalub, F. A. C. C. An asymptotic expression for the fixation probability of a 
mutant in star graphs. J. Then. Games 3. 217-223 (2016). 
34. Jamieson-Lane. A. & Hauer- C. Fixation probabilities on superstars. revisited 
and revised. I. Theor. Biol. 382. 44-56 (2015). 
35. Goldberg. L A. et al. Asymptotically optimal amplifies for the moran process. 
Preprint at httpdfarXiv:1611.04209 (2016). 
36. Giakkoupis. G. Amplifiers and suppressors of selection for the moran process 
on undirected graphs. Preprint at httpdfarXiv:1611.01585 (2016). 
37. Galanis, A.. (Abet A.. Goldberg. L A.. Lipinskas. ). & Richerby, D. Amplifiers 
for the moran process. I ACM 64.5 (2017). 
38. Keymer. ). E. Galanda. P.. Muldoon. C. Park. S. & Austin. R. H. Bacterial 
metapopulations in nanefatiticated landscapes. Prot. Natl. Acad. Set USA 103. 
17290-17295 (2006). 
39. Ge/ajda. P.. Keymer. L. Chaikin, P. & Austin. It A wall of funnels concentrates 
swimming bacteria. I. Bacterial. 189. 8704-8707 (2007). 
40. Mannik. L. Thiessen. It. Galeda. P.. Keymer. I. E. & Dekker• C. Bacterial 
growth and motility in sub-micron constrictions. Proc. Nati. Acad. Set USA 
106. 14861-14866 (2009). 
41. Ruston. It. Garen. M. & Stocker. It Nficrofluidics expanding the frontiers of 
microbial ecology. Anna. Rev. Biophys. 43. 65-91 (2014). PNIID: 24773019. 
42. Mitchell. A. et aL Adaptive prediction of environmental changes by 
microorganisms. Nature 460. 220-224 (2009). 
43. Berk*. I. E. et al. Genome evolution and adaptation in a long-term 
experiment with escherichia coli. Nature 461. 1243-1247 (2009). 
44. D.J. L. Vonelen. D., Korolev, K. S. & Gore, p. Generk indicators for loss of 
resilience before a tipping point leading to population collapse. Science 336•
1175-1177 (2012). 
45. Lang. G. 1. et al. Pervasive genetic hitchhiking and clonal interference in forty 
evolving yeast populations. Nature 500. 571-574 (2013). 
46. Victors. G. D. & Nussenzweig, M. C Germinal centers. Anna. Rev. Iminunot 
30. 429-457 (2012). 
47. Pavlogiannis. A.. Tkadlec, L. Chatterjee. K. & Nowak. M. A. Strong amplifiers 
of natural selection: proofs. Preprint at httpdfarXiv:1802.02509 (2018). 
48. Tkadlec. L. Data for Fig. 3 in Construction of arbitrarily strong amplifiers of 
natural selection using evolutionary graph theory. (2018). httpufidoLorgf 
10.6084fm9.figshare.6323240.v1. 
Acknowledgements 
A.P.. I.T.. and K.C. acknowledge support from ERG Stan (grant no. 279307: Graph 
Games). Austrian Science Fund (EWE) grant nos. P23499.N23 and SI1407-N23 (RLSE). 
MAN. acknowledges support from Office of Naval Research grant N00014.16.1.2914 
and from the John Templeton Foundation. The Program fin Evolutionary Dynamics is 
supported in part by a gift from B Wu and E. Larson. 
Author contributions 
A.P.. IT.. K.C.. and M.A.N. performed the research and wrote and reviewed the 
manuscript. 
Additional information 
Supplementary Information accompanies this paper at lutps://doi.org/I0.103&fs42003. 
018.0378.7. 
Competing interests: The authors declare no competing interests. 
Reprints and permission information is available online at http://npg.nature.comf 
remmtsandper missions/ 
Publishees note:Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in 
published maps and institutional affiliations. 
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons 
Attribution 4.0 International License. which permits use. sharing. 
adaptation. distribution and reproduction in any medium or format. as long as you give 
appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source. provide a link to the Creative 
Commons license. and indicate if changes were made. The images or other third party 
material in this article are included in the ankles Creative Commons license. unless 
indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material. If material is not included in the 
article's Creative Commons license and your intended use is not permitted by statutory 
regulation or exceeds the permitted use. you will need to obtain permUsson directly from 
the copyright holder. To view a copy el this license. Vint hupdfcreativecommons.org/ 
licenseeby74.0f. 
e The Autism(%) 2018 
COMMUNICATIONS BIOLOGY I (2018)1:71Pa 10.103&/x42003.018-0078-7l xviwnMurecorti/comnabio 
EFTA00811294

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811295.pdf
----------------------------------------
you spoke last month about maybe taking profits in apple... 
i do not yet have a draft of 2016 tax return however capital loss carry forwards at 12/31/2015 
was approximately 35mm 
projected capital gains for 2016 3mm and 2017 approximately 9mm so 23mm should remain 
approx 9m 2017 capital gains includes the the sale of 100,000 apple at 143.50 (4.8mm gain) 
Purchase 
Quantity 
Asset Description 
Date 
10/30/17 
Cost 
Value @ 166.53 
Unrealized 
Gain 
Apple Inc 
9/5/14 
64,000 
6,332,800 
10,657,920 
4,325,120 
Apple Inc 
1/11/16 
250,000 
24,750,006 
41,632,500 
16,882,494 
314,000 
31,082,806 
52,290,420 
21,207,614 
EFTA00811295

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811296.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVE ROADRUCK 
PRESIDENT 
03/26/19 
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC 
12887 PLUMMER GRANT ROAD 
TELEPHONE: 
JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA 32258 
EMAIL: 
FAX: 
(904) 802-0753 
Richard Kahn► 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
R-56-19 
INVOICE 
03/26/19 Due Diligence Search. 
hr 
Total Hours: 1 X $150.00 
$150.00 
Expenses: 
See Receipt. 
$68.00 
Total Amount due: $218.00 
Please send payment to the address on the letterhead as I am now using 
this address for all correspondence. 
Steve Roadruck 
Roadruck 
President 
FEIN: 
EFTA00811296
--- PAGE 2 ---
NEW YORK STATE 
Unified Court System 
OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION 
CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORD SEARCH 
RECEIPT 
ROADRUCK, STEVE 
11250 OLD SAINT AUGUSTINE ROAD 
SUITE 15317 
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32257 
03/26/2019 
This will acknowledge receipt of your search request submitted on 03/26/2019 for job number 5728708. 
Submitted By: 
Customer Number: 
Job Number: 
Job Date/Time: 
Quantity: 
Payment Total: 
Requested Name 
1. 
ROADRUCK, STEVE 
54611 
5728708 
03/26/2019 11:30 AM 
$68.00 
Amount Due: 
Convenience Fee: 
Payment Date: 
Confirmation Number: 
Account Ending In: 
Criminal History Record Search Requests 
'Names nnthout a DOB are Company Searcties 
DOB 
$65.00 
$3.00 
03/26/2019 11:32 AM 
OCACHS004929556 
5051 
NYS OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION 
OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES 
EFTA00811297

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811298.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVE ROADRUCK 
PRESIDENT 
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC 
12887 PLUMMER GRANT ROAD 
TELEPHONE: 
JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA 32258 
EMAIL: 
FAX: 
(904) 802-0753 
MEMORANDUM 
To: .Richard Kahn 
From: Steve Roadruck 
Re: 
Date: 03/26/19 
R.-56-19 
DOB: 
I have attached a Comprehensive Report on 
The Comprehensive report did not contain any criminal cases or any 
negative information. 
I did a nationwide U.S. District Court search and did not find any 
criminal, civil or bankruptcy cases. 
I did not find anything negative in a social media search. 
I researched the entire state of New York and did not find any civil or 
ciiminal.cases. 
EFTA00811298
--- PAGE 2 ---
312612019 
Gmall - Criminal History Search Results 
NI Gmail 
Criminal History Search Results 
message 
steve roadruck <11.1.11.1.1> 
CHRS Admin@courts.state.ny.us 
Tue, Mar 26, 2019 at 11:32 
<CHRS Admin courts.state.ny.us> 
AM 
To: 
-- NEW YORK STATE 
Unified Court System 
OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION 
Beaver Street 
New York, New York 10004 
(212) 428-2810 
Division of Administrative Services 
Criminal History Record Search (CHRS) Program 
Job Status Report 
Please reply to this email as a confirmation of receipt... 
Bill To Information 
Job No 
Delivery Type 
Order Date 
steve roadruck 
5728708 
E-mail 
03/26/2019 
11250 Old Saint Augustine Road 
Searches Requested 
Searches Entered 
Suite 15317 
Jacksonville, FL 32257 
Name 
Date of Birth County 
Status 
Statewide 
No Results Found 
SEARCH RESULTS ARE BASED ON FINDING AN EXACT MATCH OF THE NAME AND 
DATE OF BIRTH SUBMITTED. 
AS OF JULY 20, 2007, THE NYS OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION'S CHRS REPORT 
WILL NO LONGER PROVIDE CASE DISPOSITION DATA FOR NONCRIMINAL OFFENSES 
(E.G., VIOLATIONS AND INFRACTIONS.) 
NYS TOWN AND VILLAGE COURT DISPOSITION DATA IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR THE 
PERIOD MAY 1991 THROUGH 2002. AS OF MAY 2007 ALL TOWN AND VILLAGE COURTS 
REPORT TO OCA. TOWN AND VILLAGE DISPOSITION DATA FROM 2002 THROUGH MAY 
2007 IS LIMITED. A LIST OF TOWN AND VILLAGE COURT REPORTING DATES IS 
k 
• 
-ch 
Q'r' II• d, ,,hr 
1-1' 
Q. ,Y6:V74.19'.G.::?<,:k61.fi;,. 
EFTA00811299
--- PAGE 3 ---
Gmai • Criminal History Search Results 
AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE: www.nycourts.gov/apps/chrs 
AS OF MAY 2009 AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH LEGISLATION CPL 720.15(1), 
THE NYS CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORD SEARCH REPORT WILL NOT REPORT PENDING 
CRIMINAL CASES CATEGORIZED AS YOUTHFUL OFFENDER ELIGIBLE. AS OF 
JANUARY 2017, THE NYS CRIMINAL HISTORY SEARCH REPORT WILL NOT REPORT 
CASE DISPOSITION DATA FOR A CASE WHERE A CONDITIONAL YOUTH PARDON HAS 
BEEN GRANTED BY THE GOVERNOR. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
GOVERNOR'S PARDON POLICY: www.ny.gov/services/apply-clemency 
AS OF APRIL 1, 2014, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE MISDEMEANOR REDEMPTION 
POLICY, THE NYS OCA'S CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORD SEARCH (CHRS) REPORT 
WILL NO LONGER DISPLAY A CRIMINAL HISTORY FOR ANY INDIVIDUAL WHOSE ONLY 
CONVICTION WAS A SINGLE MISDEMEANOR MORE THAN TEN YEARS PRIOR TO THE 
DATE OF THE REQUEST. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THIS POLICY CAN BE 
FOUND ON OUR WEBSITE AT: www.nycourts.gov/apps/chrs 
httpsIlmail.google.comimall/uink=b7c.2ecIdecc&view-phIsearcheall&pernand=thmari.f%3A162908274491042965&&simPl=msg"3A16290827449... 
2J2 
EFTA00811300
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00811301
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00811302
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00811303

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811304.pdf
----------------------------------------
(4w:stream 
MYCMP 
Phone: 
Maintenance Due List with Related FOR SELECTED 
ITEMS ONLY 
Sort By ATA Code 
Include only mandatory service Information not yet accomplished 
Aircraft Make 
Gulfstream 
Aircraft Model 
GIV 
Aircraft Serial No. 1085 
Airworthiness Date 16 Dec 1988 
Regulation 
91.40913 
Log Date — 26 Jan 2019 
Analyst: Richard Reynolds 
Phone: 
Projected Througtv 
9882.8 Hours TT 
4502 Landings 
May 2019 Date 
7595 APU Hours 
APU Cycles 
COMPONENT TIMES 
N120JE 
Hours 
9807.8 
Landings 
4457 
Hour Meter 
9807.8 
Position 
Logbook 
Description 
Serial Number 
Total Time 
Total Cycles 
TSO 
CSO 
Engine 
Rolls Royce TAY611-8 (GIV) 
16291 
9696.9 
4402 
2574.0 
1144 
Engine 
Rolls Royce TAY611-8 (GIV) 
16292 
9716.8 
4408 
2574.0 
1144 
APU 
Honeywell GTCP36.150(Gj 
P-465-C 
7535.0 
Code 
Description 
Frequency 
(••_initial) 
CrIN 
HrstyciDt 
Next Due 
(*=Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR I TSNLD I TSNMO 
Logbook 
TAG 
I 
MOD 
HAN 
I 
SiVi 
TSOHR I TSOLD I TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
g= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
245051 
AC DC Power Distribution Syst m - Functional Test 
Airframe 
GIV AMM 
FunctionatOps Test (F) 
MOS 
9208.4 
4232 
Mar 
2016 
Mar 
2019 
Days 
8.0 
270221 
Stall Barrier Dump Valve - Operational Test 
Airframe 
GIV AMM 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
MOS 
Functional/Ops Test (O) 
9208.4 
4232 
Mar 
2016 
Mar 
2019 
Code 
291057 
Airframe 
Combined / Flight Hydraulic System Reservoir Filling 
Procedures 
Logbook 
Description 
Parts Cost 
Labor Hours 
1.00 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
1.00 
Days 
N120JE 
GIV 
1085 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 1 of 6 
Feb 2019 
© 2019 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00811304
--- PAGE 2 ---
Description 
Code 
Frequency 
('•-Initial) 
CM 
Hrstyc/Dt 
Next Due 
( =Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
TAG 
I 
MOD 
W 
I 
SM1i 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
272038 
Rudder Pedals - Lubrication 
9208.4 
1.0 
4232 
Airframe 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
2016 
2019 
GIV AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (L) 
275009 
Flap Actuator Yoke (Left Inboard) • Inspection 
9208.4 
1.0 
4232 
Airframe 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
2016 
2019 
GIV AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Code 
I Logbook I 
Description 
I Parts Cost I Labor Hours 
275003 
Airframe 
Flap (Left) • Removal i Installation 
$0.00 
4.00 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
$0.00 
4.00 
275010 
Flap Actuator Yoke (Right Inboard) - Inspection 
Airframe 
GIV AMM 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Special Inspection (R) 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
2016 
2019 
Code 
275004 
Airframe 
Flap (Right) - Removal / Installation 
$0.00 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
$0.00 
Logbook 
Description 
Parts Cost 
Labor Hours 
4.00 
4.00 
Days 
1.0 
275011 
Flap Actuator Yoke (Left Outboard) - Inspection 
Airframe 
GIV AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
2016 
2019 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Code 
Logbook 
Description 
I Parts Cost I Labor Hours 
275003 
Airframe 
Flap (Left) Removal / Installation 
$0.00 
4.00 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
$0.00 
4.00 
Days 
1.0 
275012 
Flap Actuator Yoke (Right Outboard) • Inspection 
Airframe 
GIV AMM 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Special Inspection (R) 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
2016 
2019 
Code 
275004 
Airframe 
Flap (Right) • Removal Installation 
Logbook 
Description 
Parts Cost 
Labor Hours 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
$0.00 
$0.00 
4.00 
4.00 
Days 
1.0 
N120JE 
GIV 
1085 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 2 of 6 
Feb 2019 
2019 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00811305
--- PAGE 3 ---
Code 
Description 
Frequency 
("-Initial) 
CM 
HrstyciDt 
Next Due 
NAdi) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
TAG 
I 
MOD 
H.W 
I 
SiVi 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TS0MO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
,V= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
275027 
Airframe 
Flap Actuator Bushing (Lett) • Lubrication 
GIV AMM 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Lubrication/Servicing (L) 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
2016 
2019 
Code 
275003 
275005
275007 
Logbook 
Airframe 
Airframe
Airframe 
Description 
Parts Cost 
Labor Hours 
Flap (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Inboard Flap Actuator (Left) • Removal / Installation 
Outboard Flap Actuator (Left) - Removal 1 Installation 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
4.00 
4.00 
4.00 
12.00 
Days 
2.0 
275028 
Flap Actuator Bushing (Right) - Lubrication 
Airframe 
GIV AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (L) 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
2016 
2019 
2.0 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Code 
Logbook 
Description 
Parts Cost 
Labor Hours 
275004 
Airframe 
Flap (Right) • Removal / Installation 
$0.00 
4.00 
275006 
Airframe 
Inboard Flap Actuator (Right) • Removal / Installation 
$153.156.00 
4.00 
275008 
Airframe 
Outboard Flap Actuator (Right) - Removal / Installation 
$182.188.50 
4.00 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: $335.344.50 
12.00 
280005 
Fuel Control System - Functional Test 
9208.4 
6.0 
4232 
Airframe 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
2016 
2019 
GIV AMM 
FunctionaVOps Test (F) 
320004 
Maln Landing Gear (Left) • Lubrication 
9803.6 
1.0 
4453 
Airframe 
MOS 
0ec 
Apr 
Days 
20t8 
2019 
GIV AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (L) 
320005 
Main Landing Gear (Right) • Lubrication 
9803.6 
1.0 
4453 
Airframe 
MOS 
0ec 
Apr 
Days 
20t8 
2019 
GIV AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (L) 
N120JE 
G1V 
1085 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 3 of 6 
Feb 2019 
2019 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00811306
--- PAGE 4 ---
Code 
Description 
Frequency 
( -Initial) 
CrW 
HrstyciDt 
Next Due 
raltdj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD I TSNMO 
Logbook 
TAG 
I 
MOD 
H/W 
I 
&IN! 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
pr. Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
320006 
Airframe 
Nose Gear • Lubrication 
MOS 
9803.6 
4453 
Dec 
Apr 
Days 
1.0 
2018 
2019 
GIV AMM 
LubricationlServidng (L) 
351007 
Crew Oxygen System (Observer) Operational Test 
9735.6 
0.5 
4425 
Airframe 
MOS 
Apr 
Apr 
Days 
2018 
2019 
Functional/Ops Test (0) 
532007 
Forward Cabin Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
9208.4 
8.0 
4232 
Airframe 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
2016 
2019 
GIV AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
532009 
Midcabin Compartment Below Floor Inspection 
9208.4 
10.0 
4232 
Airframe 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
2016 
2019 
GIV AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
532011 
Aft Cabin Compartment Below Floor • Inspection 
9528.6 
7.0 
4352 
Airframe 
MOS 
Apr 
Apr 
Days 
2017 
2019' 
GIV AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
551023 
Horizontal Stabilizer! Elevator (Interior / Exterior) (Left) - Inspection 
9208.4 
20.0 
4232 
Airframe 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
2016 
2019 
GIV AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
N120JE 
G1V 
1085 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 4 of 6 
Feb 2019 
02019 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00811307
--- PAGE 5 ---
Description 
Code 
Frequency 
(" -Initial) 
CM 
Hrstyc/Dt 
Next Due 
(•rAdi) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
TAG 
I 
MOD 
FIN/ 
I 
SW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
Logbook 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
,V= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
551024 
Horizontal Stabilizer / Elevator (Interior / Exterior) (Right) • Inspection 
Airframe 
GIV AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
2016 
2019 
20.0 
553007 
Vertical Stabilizer / Rudder (Internal) Inspection 
Airframe 
GIV AMM 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Special Inspection (R) 
L Code 
I Logbook I 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
2016 
2019 
Description 
I Pans Cost I Labor Hours 
551001 
Airframe 
Horizontal Stabilizer • Removal / Installation 
$0.00 
100.00 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
$0.00 
100.00 
Days 
40.0 
571011 
Wing Front Beam Hi•Lite Collars (Leh) • Inspection 
Airframe 
GIV AMM 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Special Inspection (R) 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
2016 
2019 
Code 
280018 
Airframe 
Fuel Tank (Left) • Leak Check 
4.00 
574005 
Airframe 
Wing Leading Edge (Left Inboard) - Removal / Installation 
$0.00 
10.00 
574011 
Airframe 
Wing Leading Edge (Left Center) - Removal / Installation 
$0.00 
10.00 
574017 
Airframe 
Wing Leading Edge (Left Outboard) • Removal / Installation 
$0.00 
10.00 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
$0.00 
34.00 
Logbook 
Description 
Pans Cost 
Labor Hours 
Days 
22.0 
571012 
Wing Front Beam HI-Lite Collars (Right) • Inspection 
Airframe 
GIV AMM 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Special Inspection (R) 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
2016 
2019 
Code 
280019 
Airframe 
574006 
_Airframe 
574012 
Airframe 
574018 
Airframe 
Logbook 
Description 
Pans Cost 
Labor Hours 
Fuel Tank (Right) Leak Check 
Wing Leading Edge (Right Inboard) • Removal / Installation 
Wing Leading Edge (Right Center) • Removal / Installation 
Wing Leading Edge (Right Outboard) Removal / Installation 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
4.00 
10.00 
10.00 
10.00 
34.00 
Days 
22.0 
N120JE 
G1V 
1085 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 5 of 6 
Feb 2019 
2019 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00811308
--- PAGE 6 ---
Code 
Description 
Frequency 
(.._Initial) 
CrlAl 
Hrstycret 
Next Due 
raltdj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD I TSNMO 
Logbook 
TAG 
I 
MOD 
H/W 
I 
&lir 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
pr. Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
571025 
Airframe 
Wing Tank Interior (Left) • Inspection 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
2016 
2019 
Days 
28.0 
GIV AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Code 
I Logbook
Description 
Pans Cost 
Labor Hours 
280010 
Airframe 
Defueling Procedures 
4.00 
280018 
Airframe 
Fuel Tank (Left) - Leak Check 
4.00 
284135 
Airframe 
Fuel Quantity Probe No. 1 (Left) - Removal! Installation 
$2.010.91 
2.00 
571003 
Airframe 
Wing Fasteners Cadmium Plating Degradation Check (Left) 
28.00 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
62010.91 
38.00 
571026 
Wing Tank Interior (Right) Inspection 
Airframe 
9208.4 
4232 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
2016 
2019 
GIV AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Mandatory Related Codes: 
Code 
I Logbook I 
Description 
I Parts Cost 
Labor Hours 
280010 
Airframe 
Defueling Procedures 
4.00 
280019 
Airframe 
Fuel Tank (Right) Leak Check 
4.00 
284136 
Airframe 
Fuel Quantity Probe No. 1 (Right) - Removal /Installation 
62010.91 
2.00 
571004 
Airframe 
Wing Fasteners Cadmium Plating Degradation Check (Right) 
28.00 
Mandatory Related Codes Totals: 
$2.010.91 
38.00 
TOTAL APPROXIMATE PRICE AND CODE MANHOURS FOR ATAs 05-96 
TOTAL APPROXIMATE PRICE AND CODE MANHOURS FOR ATAs 97-99 
28.0 
Days 
$0.00 
539.50 
$0.00 
0.00 
N120JE 
G1V 
1085 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 6 of 6 
Feb 2019 
02019 Gultstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00811309

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811310.pdf
----------------------------------------
kaiser-partner 
Confidential 
Client 
Dominus Holdings Ltd 
Portfolio 
2396216.1001 EUR 
Account 
IBAN 
Vaduz, October 2, 2018 
Payment 
Reference n° 70253588 
On October 1, 2018 we have executed the following payment according to your instructions 
Order of 
October 1, 2018 - E-Mail 
In favour of 
Gulfrstream Aerospace Corporation 1 Bank One Place IL 60670 Chicago 
United States of America 
Account 
10-15825 
Bank 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA NEW YORK 
BD345 Reference: G-IV sin 1085 Prospal 7050091 R00 and 7050096 
Beneficiary information 
Roo
Amount 
Payment Fee 
Commissions charged to 
us 
Exchange rate 
EUR/USD 1.149116 
Exchange rate date 
October 1, 2018 
Amount debited, value date October 4, 2018 
Yours faithfully 
Kaiser Partner Privatbank AG 
Notice without signature 
USD 
-55'876.00 
USD 
-40.26 
USD 
-10.07 
EUR 
48'669.02 
E. & O. E. 
tl
Kaiser Partner Privatbank AG 
Herrengasse 23. P.O. Box 725, 9490 Vaduz, Liechtenstein, 
Reg.-No. FL-0001.018.213, VAT No. 51163 
www.kaiserpartner.bank 
EFTA00811310

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811311.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 70155549 E-Filed 04/03/2018 12:02:53 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
M., individually, 
Defendants. 
MOTION FOR SANCTIONS FOR VIOLATION OF COURT ORDER 
Bradley J Edwards ("Edwards"), by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this 
Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order, and as grounds therefor states as follows: 
Summary 
At the March 8, 2018 hearing, this Court entered a blanket confidentiality order prohibiting 
Epstein from using or referring to, in any way, the documents contained on the Fowler White CD: 
As a general blanket order I would simply say that all attorneys who have or are 
representing Mr. Epstein shall be subject to this order of confidentiality, of sealing 
and of non-dissemination of any such information that is contemplated in any 
of the documents that are part of the umbrella order of Judge Ray. And that 
would include all of the exhibits that we spoke about today and that have been filed 
as a matter of record. 
3/8/18 Afternoon Session Tr. at 79:9-18 (emphasis added): In so ruling, the Court made clear that 
"when this Court makes a statement, it is abundantly clear that it will be enforced to the letter." 
See id, at 78:7-19. 
While the parties have submitted competing written orders to the Court, both proposed orders memorialize this 
ruling. Sac Epstein's Proposed Order at paragraph 2 ("Epstein and his current attorneys shall be subject to an order of 
EFTA00811311
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order 
As discussed below, Epstein has violated this Court's order no less than four (4) times by 
repeatedly referencing the documents at issue in his filings in both the appellate and trial court.2
Edwards therefore files this motion to compel Epstein to respect this Court's order, to strike 
references to the Fowler White documents in trial court pleadings, and to award Edwards his 
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred in bringing this motion to enforce the Court's Order. 
Background 
1. 
On March 5, 2018, Epstein disclosed 700+ new exhibits only days before the 
scheduled trial and in clear violation of this Court's Pre-Trial Order. 
2. 
Included within that submission was extensive internal email correspondence from 
Edwards' time as an attorney at Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler. These emails were admittedly 
obtained from a CD that Epstein's current counsel acquired from its predecessor counsel, Fowler 
White. 
3. 
At least 49 of these emails are listed by corresponding bates numbers on Edwards' 
April 12, 2012 privilege log, which was filed by Epstein (the "Privilege Log"). Epstein filed the 
confidentiality concerning any of the documents that are part of the umbrella order of Judge Ray that have not already 
been produced and shall not, in any way, refer to or disseminate any information that is contained in any of the 
documents at issue."); Edwards' Proposed Order at paragraph 3 ("Epstein and his attorneys shall be subject to an order 
of confidentiality concerning any of the documents that are part of the umbrella order of Judge Ray and shall not, in 
any way, refer to or disseminate any information that is contained in any of the documents at issue."). 
Edwards feels compelled to point out that, despite Epstein's repeated claims to the contrary, the contents of the 
emails have no relevance to this litigation whatsoever. Chief among the reasons for their inadmissibility is Epstein's 
own admission in his Updated Notice of Compliance with Court's Rulings, filed March 23, 2018, that he never 
received the Fowler White CD at issue and only first learned of the emails in 2018, nearly six (6) years after he 
abandoned his meritless claims against Edwards. kg Updated Notice at p. 2. The documents are therefore irrelevant 
to the issue of probable cause, both as to the initiation and continuance of Epstein's claims. The emails also, frankly, 
do not support any of the conclusions Epstein suggests and are barred not only because they are obviously privileged 
but also under the most basic 401 and 403 analyses. Those issues, however, can be addressed at a subsequent hearing, 
if required by the Court (although the Federal Bankruptcy Court's jurisdiction over the documents at issue likely 
precludes any such review). 
EFTA00811312
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order 
Privilege Log in this state court proceeding after the same privilege log had been filed by Edwards 
in the bankruptcy proceeding before Judge Ray in 2011. Epstein subsequently voluntarily 
dismissed his claim against Edwards on August 16, 2012 without ever successfully challenging 
the asserted privileges, and therefore Edwards' Privilege Log remained in full force and effect. 
Thus, Edwards' privilege assertions were more than seven (7) years old at the time Epstein filed 
his late-disclosed exhibits and injected these privileged materials into the public domain, still 
without ever seeking review of the privileges claimed by Edwards. 
4. 
Despite having been the party to file the Privilege Log, Epstein ignored Edwards' 
privilege assertions and ignored the obvious fact that the 49 documents in question are clearly on 
their face subject to either the attorney-client or work-product privileges (or both). Moreover, it 
later became apparent that Epstein was unable to separate the source of the Fowler White CD from 
the retention expressly prohibited by Judge Ray and was further unable to explain why, despite 
having been in Epstein's hands for over seven (7) years, its existence had never been disclosed to 
either Edwards or the Court. 
5. 
On March 5, 2018, Edwards filed his Motion to Strike Epstein's Untimely 
Supplemental Exhibits Containing Privileged Materials Listed on Edwards' Privilege Log 
("Motion to Strike"), which asked the Court to strike all late-disclosed exhibits and to prevent 
Epstein from further using or referencing Edwards' privileged materials. 
6. 
On March 7, 2018, Edwards filed his Supplement to the Motion to Strike, which 
identified a Federal Court Order issued on November 30, 2010 by the Honorable Raymond B. Ray 
of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida, prohibiting Epstein's 
prior counsel, Fowler White, from creating or retaining the CD in question, and reserving 
EFTA00811313
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order 
jurisdiction to sanction Epstein and his counsel for any violation of that order. Judge Ray's order 
reads in pertinent part as follows: 
[T]he law firm of Fowler White Burnett, ■., will print a hard copy of all of the 
documents contained on the discs with Bates numbers added, and will provide a set 
of copied, stamped documents to the Special Master and an identical set to Fanner, 
who will use same to create its privilege log . . . Fowler White will not retain any 
copies of the documents contained on the discs provided to it, nor shall any images 
or copies of said documents be retained in the memory of Fowler White's 
copiers. Should it be determined that Fowler White or Epstein retained images or 
copies of the subject documents on its computer or otherwise, the Court retains 
jurisdiction to award sanctions in favor of Fanner, Brad Edwards or his client. 
The Court's Blanket Confidentiality Order Prohibiting Epstein from Referring to the 
Privileged Documents 
7. 
On March 8,2018, the Court held a hearing on Edwards' Motion to Strike, at which 
time the Court granted the motion and ordered all pleadings referencing the e-mails at issue to be 
sealed. 
8. 
In apparent recognition that the only credible explanation for Epstein's unexplained 
possession of Edwards' privileged materials was that Judge Ray's order had been violated3, the 
Court also entered the following blanket confidentiality order prohibiting any reference to, use, or 
dissemination by Epstein of any of the documents contained on the Fowler White CD: 
[W]hat the attorneys here recognize — and Mr. Epstein is also under this order — is 
that no further dissemination is going to be made. I think that goes without saying 
as far as the attorneys are concerned . . . I think they recognize that when this 
Court makes a statement, it is abundantly clear that it will be enforced to the 
letter. I have no doubt in my mind that they will all be respectful of the court order 
of non-dissemination of any of those documents hence forth. 
Epstein and Fowler White's possession and retention of the CD at issue is currently the subject of a Motion for 
Issuance of an Order to Show Cause that was filed in the Bankruptcy Court on March 19, 2018. The Bankruptcy Court 
has scheduled a hearing on that motion for April 13, 2018. 
EFTA00811314
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order 
3/8/18 Afternoon Session Tr. at 78:7-19 (emphasis added). 
As a general blanket order I would simply say that all attorneys who have or are 
representing Mr. Epstein shall be subject to this order of confidentiality, of sealing 
and of non-dissemination of any such information that is contemplated in any 
of the documents that are part of the umbrella order of Judge Ray. And that 
would include all of the exhibits that we spoke about today and that have been filed 
as a matter of record. 
3/8/18 Afternoon Session Tr. at 79:9-18 (emphasis added). 
9. 
As previously stated, each party included explicit language memorializing this 
broad ruling in their competing proposed orders on Edwards' Motion to Strike Untimely Exhibits, 
et al, which were submitted to the Court late last week for consideration. 
Epstein's Repeated Violation of the Court's Blanket Confidentiality Order 
10. 
Despite this Court's crystal-clear order that Epstein is prohibited from referencing 
any of the information contained in the documents at issue, Epstein has nonetheless repeatedly 
characterized the contents of these documents in his filings in both the trial court and appellate 
proceedings. Epstein's purpose in disregarding this Court's order appears to be to "poison the 
well" by mischaracterizing the relevance, significance, and content of the emails. 
A. Violations in the Appellate Proceedings. 
II. 
In the appellate proceedings, Epstein has violated this Court's order no less than 
three times by referring to the documents at issue. 
12. 
First, in his Response in Opposition to Edwards' Motion for Partial Relief from 
Stay filed on March 14, 2018, Epstein not only gratuitously referenced the documents, but also 
EFTA00811315
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order 
mischaracterizes their contents in an improper attempt to influence the Fourth District Court of 
Appeal. Specifically, Epstein states as follows: 
Second, the alleged eight-year-old "confidential" information to which Edwards 
refers is 47 exhibits comprised of a series of communications between Edwards and 
other attorneys, including Scott Rothstein, that eviscerate Edwards' case against 
Epstein in its entirety . . . Moreover, on their face, all of these eight-year-old 
communications clearly show that Edwards' claims of work product simply do not 
apply. These inculpatory communications cannot constitute work-product. 
They directly relate to issues that Edwards himself has made central to this case 
and their content provides independent grounds to reject work product protection, 
including both the crime fraud exception and potential unprofessional conduct 
. . . the trial court refused to evaluate these issues, choosing instead to exclude 
the communications on the basis of what the Court believed was Epstein's 
untimely request to identify them on his Exhibit List. 
Epstein's Response in Opposition at p. 3-4 (emphasis added). 
13. 
Over Epstein's objection, the Fourth DCA nonetheless granted in part Edwards' 
Motion for Partial Relief from Stay on March 20, 2018. 
14. 
Immediately thereafter, and only three days after the Motion for Issuance of an 
Order to Show Cause was filed against Epstein in the bankruptcy proceedings, Epstein filed his 
own Motion for Order to Show Cause Why Edwards is Not in Violation of This Court's Order 
Dated March 20, 2018, Granting "In Part" Edwards' Motion for Partial Relief from Stay.' In that 
motion, Epstein once again demonstrated his disregard for this Court by referencing the Fowler 
White documents at issue: 
Included among those issues to be perfected at the trial court is Edwards' errant 
claim of "privilege" which remains a cloud below preventing the admission of 
crucial evidence that Epstein maintains is dispositive of this case. That 
evidence must be reviewed in camera by the trial court while the appellate 
issues are under review. Consistent with this Court's interest in "fairness" and 
"efficient use of the trial court's time and resources," Epstein will be narrowing 
The Fourth DCA denied Epstein's Motion for Order to Show Cause on March 29, 2018. 
EFTA00811316
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order 
his request for in camera review down from 27,000 pages to a readily manageable 
fraction, 47 exhibits numbering approximately 100 pages. 
Epstein's Motion for Order to Show Cause at p. 8 (emphasis added). 
15. 
Epstein further disregarded this Court's blanket confidentiality order on March 26, 
2018, when he again referenced the Fowler White documents in his Reply to Edwards' Response 
to the Petition for Writ of Certiorari, as follows: 
In fact, Edwards' counterclaim is thoroughly disproved by direct documentary 
evidence of Edwards' own misconduct and credibility that Epstein is currently 
asking the trial court to review for presentation to the jury when this case is 
tried. 
Epstein's Reply to Response to Petition for Writ of Certiorari at p. 1 (emphasis added). As the 
Court is aware, no such request for in-camera inspection has been made, and therefore this 
representation to the Appellate Court was improper. 
B. Violations in the Trial Court Proceedings. 
16. 
On March 29, 2018, faced with the pending Motion for Issuance of Order to Show 
Cause in the bankruptcy proceeding regarding the clear violation of Judge Ray's order, and having 
had his own Motion for Show Cause Order denied by the Appellate Court, Epstein filed a Motion 
to Address Scheduling and Professionalism, directed to undersigned counsel. The frivolousness of 
that motion, which appears to be nothing more than another attempt to "poison the well," is evident 
on its face. 
17. 
Continuing with what can only be described as a lack of respect for this Court, 
however, Epstein again referenced the e-mails contained on the Fowler White CD that are the 
subject of this Court's blanket confidentiality and non-dissemination Order. Specifically, Epstein 
states as follows: 
EFTA00811317
--- PAGE 8 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order 
Recent events (appeal and stay) and the discovery of e-mails that total [sic] 
eviscerate Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards' ("Edwards") claims and 
shines a light on his true motivation have prompted unprofessional behavior from 
Edwards and his counsel evidenced by the unilateral setting of hearings, certificates 
of conferring that never happened and intentional ex parte attendance at a hearing 
despite knowing of Epstein's counsel's unavailability. 
Epstein's Motion to Address Scheduling at p. 1 (emphasis added). 
18. 
Simply put, Epstein's repeated violations of this Court's order must end. 
Conclusion 
Undersigned counsel wholeheartedly agrees with this Court's pronouncement that "when 
this Court makes a statement, it is abundantly clear that it will be enforced to the letter." The 
statement made by this Court at the March 8, 2018 hearing, and memorialized in each parties' 
competing proposed orders, was clear: "all attorneys who have or are representing Mr. Epstein 
shall be subject to this order of confidentiality, of sealing and of non-dissemination of any such 
information that is contemplated in any of the documents that are part of the umbrella order 
of Judge Ray." Epstein's decision to disregard that Order and to instead repeatedly refer to and 
argumentatively mischaracterize the Fowler White documents is unacceptable and should not be 
tolerated. This Court has the power to enforce its orders, and Edwards respectfully requests that it 
exercise that clear authority. 
Epstein's decision to violate Judge Ray's Order concerning the retention and possession of 
the documents at issue is currently pending before the United States Bankruptcy Court, and Epstein 
will be required to answer for his disregard of that court's order. He must be compelled to answer 
for his disregard of this Court's order as well. 
EFTA00811318
--- PAGE 9 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order 
WHEREFORE, Edwards respectfully requests that the Court enter an Order granting this 
Motion for Sanctions Regarding Epstein's Violations of Court Order, striking all references to the 
documents contained in the Fowler White CD in Epstein's trial court pleadings, and awarding 
Edwards his attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Court's 
order. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 3rd day of April, 2018. 
JAC• 
OLA 
ar No.: 169440 
N E. TERRY 
rida Bar No.: 45780 
AVID P. VITALE JR. 
Florida Bar No.: 115179 
Attorney E-Mails: 
Primary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Fax: 
561-383-9451 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00811319
--- PAGE 10 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No. 502009CA040800)00C<MBAG 
Motion for Sanctions for Violation of Court Order 
COUNSEL LIST 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Kara Rockenbach, 
Link & Rockenbach 
1555 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
Suite 301 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 561-727-3600 
Fax: 561-727-3601 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldber er 
ui 
Atter ury Goldberger & Weiss, 
. 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-659-8300 
Fax: (561)-835-8691 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Nichole J._Seeal Esctuire 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
444 W Railroad Avenue, Suite 350 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-721-0400 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradle J. Ec
m
i
iiiii 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-524-2820 
Fax: (954)-524-2822 
EFTA00811320

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811321.pdf
----------------------------------------
rigigreen 
rdeaGO 
QQP 
Chris Sheehan 
Ann Rodriguez 
Litter St. James Island 
February 6,2013 
6mo Reed Hook Quarters Suite B; 
St. Thomas USVI 0080z 
GREEN GOOD PRODUCT 
Parque De Las Fuentes #1403 
San Juan, P.R. 00918 
Quotaion Bouganvellias 
11/8/2017 
Description 
Sizes 
Original 
Quantity /
ice 
Pr
SpPecial 
/
ric
Total 
Bouganvelleas Flame ( red) 
3gal. 
goo 
sumo 
S 
9.00 
$ 
3,600.00 
Bouganvilleas Hawaiian White 
3gal• 
goo 
sumo 
9.00 
$ 
3,600.00 
Bouganvilleas Hawaiian purple 
gal. 
400 
$12.00 
9.00 
$ 
3,600.00 
Bouganvilleas Helen Johnson 
3gal. 
400 
$12.00 
S 
9.00 
$ 
3,600.00 
Bouganvellias orange 
gal. 
zoo 
$12.00 
$ 
9.00 
$ 
1,800.00 
$ 
I6,200.00 
LSJ Grounds Manager 
t. LSJ has to do 
of the payment by wire transfer before November 15,2017 
z. Green Good Product is responsible to maintaine the plants in condition by the second week 
of December zoi7. 
3. Green Good Product is responsible to coordinate and do the 
Agricultural Inspection for the delivery. 
4. LSJ need to pay the 50% balance the week of the delivery. 
5. LSJ is responsible for the delivery door to door. 
We appreciate your business. If you have any question, please call. 
Best Regard , 
Ingrid J. Rivas 
Green Good Product 
EFTA00811321
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00811322

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811323.pdf
----------------------------------------
Shimoi VanHolten 
180-1 Subbase 
P.O.Box 306657 
ST. 
Tel. 
Thomas World Air LLC. 
6100 Redhook Quarters B-3 
St.Thomas, VI 00802 
REDMAN REPAIR AND SERVICE CENTER 
INVOICE 
0000025 
Invoice # 
Invoice Date 
09/04/2018 
Due Date 
09/04/2018 
Product 
Hood 
625.00 
1.00 
625.00 
Product 
Left headlight 
235.00 
1.00 
235.00 
Product 
Left fender 
330.00 
1.00 
330.00 
Product 
Hood latch 
45.00 
1.00 
45.00 
Product 
Basecoat 1quart 
95.00 
1.00 
95.00 
Product 
Stablizer /quart 
37.00 
1.00 
37.00 
Product 
939 clear coat 1 quart 
52.00 
1.00 
52.00 
Product 
Uh 80 hardener 1 pint 
32.00 
1.00 
32.00 
Service 
Shipping and handling 
245.00 
1.00 
245.00 
Hours 
Labor 
57.50 
36.00 
2,070.00 
Service 
Estimate fee 
45.00 
1.00 
45.00 
EFTA00811323
--- PAGE 2 ---
NOTES: 2010 Chevy Suburban yin 1GNUCKE05AR225550 
Removal, Straighten radiator support, and fender support , replace damage hood , left headlight , and left fender and 
repaint to OEM specs 
An 70% deposit is require for the purchase of parts and materials for vehicle being repaired. All checks make payable to 
Shimoi Vanholten EIN 660891085 Thank You. 
Sign 
Date 
Total 
Amount Paid 
3,811.00 
0.00 
Balance Due 
$3,811.00 
EFTA00811324

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811325.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subbase Drydock 
P.O. Box 304429 
St. Thomas, USVI 00803 
Name /Address 
LSJ,LLC 
"Big N" 
Estimate 
Date 
Estimate # 
8/31/2017 
915 
Terms 
Project 
Upon Comple... 
Description 
Qty 
Cost 
Total 
Sandsweep cargo bay, cargo bay walls, and aft deck. Prime and paint with a non-skid two part 
epoxy paint. Includes Labor and Materials. 
Fabricate and weld splash guards into place to minimize water intrusion through the front ramp. 
Prime and paint for increased longevity. 
Prep and grind cracks throughout vessel. 
Includes Labor and Materials. 
Both cutless bearings are worn and not within tolerance. We recommend changing these while 
hauled out. We also recommend checking the engine alignment while hauled out to ensure there 
are no issues with the drive train. Includes Labor and Materials. 
Degrease engine room, remove, clean and dispose of all waste oil. Approximately 200 gallons of 
waste oil after clean up. 
12,340.00 
7,500.00 
3,750.00 
3,750.00 
12,340.00 
7,500.00 
3,750.00 
3,750.00 
Total 
S.27.3-10.00 
Signature 
EFTA00811325

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811326.pdf
----------------------------------------
DODSON 
INTERNATIONAL 
Phone 
Fax 
2155 Vermont Rd. 
Rantoul, KS 66079 USA 
www.dodson.com 
Domestic Wire instructions for Dodson International Parts, Inc., Operating 
Account 
First National Bank 
4650 College Boulevard 
Overland Park, KS 66211 
ABA/Routing Number :-
Account Number: 
Beneficiary: Dodson International Parts, Inc. 
2155 Vermont Road 
Rantoul, KS 66079 
The Only Source You Need 
EFTA00811326

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811327.pdf
----------------------------------------
kIISMITE 
IIARD\VOOD 
FLOORING 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Re: Little St. James 
PROPOSAL 
August 21, 2018 
Install Description: 
Bag off and protect adjacent areas as necessary. Remove and discard water damage flooring in the cabana 2 
bathroom. Supply and deliver Hakwood's %- x 
engineered, unfinished, prime grade European Oak in 
random lengths (6'-8'). Adhere a 90 mil membrane, which reduces moisture vapor transmission, water 
intrusion and sound reduction, to the concrete subfloor. Mechanically fasten a'/:' CDX plywood to the 
membrane covered concrete subfloor. Adhere Oak plank to the plywood subfloor. Room to be covered is the 
pool cabana office and cabana 2 bathroom. 
Sand & Finish Description: 
Bag off and protect adjacent areas as necessary. Sand Oak plank coarse, medium and fine as necessary. stain to 
match approved sample and finish with commercial grade urethane. Rooms to be covered include the cabana 
bedroom and bathroom and the pool cabana office. At owner's discretion, damaged boards are to be replaced 
on a time and materials basis. We assume the wear layer is sufficient to sand. 
Job Estimate: 
S 38,070.00 
Option for 2,500 SF of stock material: 
S 34,690.00 
Notations: 
1. 
We assume the subfloor provided for us to be smooth, flat to meet industrs tolerances of 'h" variance over a 
10' span, clean and d n•. Any flattening of subfloor to he done on a lime and material% basis. 
2. Finished floor height is proposed to be I Mi" from a fat/le s el substrate. 
3. Customer understands and accepts that there may be a visible difference in color tone and sheen level between 
newly refinished flooring and existing. flooring 
4. Furniture, furnishings, appliances, etc. to be removed by others prior to start date. 
5. 
We assume the wear layer is sufficient to sand, 
6. It is recommended that the baseboards, casings. and/or plinth blocks be installed after the flooring. 
7. Although AlIF will use reasonable and prudent measures to limit wood dust, it. will be necessary for a final dust 
clean-up after our scope of work. 
8. Although AHF will be careful not to damage any of the adjacent painted surfaces, it is likely that there will be some 
required touch-up painting after our scope of work. 
9. Due to the availability of the floorismaterial, estimate is valid for 30 days. After 30 days, estimate is subject to 
change. 
W. Proposal does not include any permit fees or security deposits. 
II. Failure to pay complete contract total voids all warranties i.e. (all warranties expressed or implied). 
12. No weekendibolidav work is included in contract price. If weekend/holidav work is required, there will be a 
schedule expedition charge to be added on an hourly basis 
nature of Representative 
1241-B OLD OKEECHOSEE ROAD • WEST PALM BEACH, FL 3,3401 • 
EFTA00811327

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811328.pdf
----------------------------------------
GRAND-DUCHE DE LUXEMBOURG 
Mmistere des Affaires etrangeres 
UNITED NUS EMIRATES 
MNISTER OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS 
Thirteenth Ministerial Working Dinner on the Middle East 
Sunday, September 23rd, 2018 at 6:00pm 
International Peace Institute 
Trygve Lie Center for Peace, Security and Development 
777 United Nations Plaza, 12th Floor 
IPI 
OPIATIKIKAL 
PUG! 
mnlrvn 
Co-hosts: 
H.E. Dr. Anwar Mohammed Gargash. Minister of State for Foreign Affairs of the United Arab Emirates 
H.E. Mr. Jean Asselborn, Ministre des Affaires etrangeres et europeennes et Ministre de !immigration et 
de l'Asile du GrandDuche de Luxembourg 
Ambassador Terje Red-Larsen, President of the International Peace Institute 
GUEST LIST 
H.E. Mr. Nikos Kotzias. Minister for Foreign Affairs of Greece 
H.E. Mr. Kairat Abdrakhmanov. Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan 
H.E. Mr. Abdul Latif bin Rashid Al Zayani, Secretary General of the GCC 
H.E. Dr. Ibrahim al-Jaafari, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Iraq 
H.E. Mr. Adel bin Ahmed Al-Jubeir, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Saudi Arabia 
H.E. Dr. Yousef bin Ahmad Al-Othaimeen, Secretary General of the OIC 
H.E. Mr. Josep Borrell, Ministro de Asuntos Exteriores y de Cooperation de Espana 
H.E. Mr. Berge Brende, President, World Economic Forum 
The Rt Hon Alistair Burt MP, Minister of State for the Middle East at the Foreign & Commonwealth Office 
of the United Kingdom 
H.E. Mr. Nikos Christodoulides, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Cyprus 
H.E. Mr. Staffan de Mistura. Special Envoy of the Secretary-Genera! for Syria 
H.E. Mrs. Rosemary DiCarlo, United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs 
H.E. Ms. Ine Marie Eriksen Sereide. Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway 
H.E. Dr. Aurelia Frick, Minister for Foreign Affairs. Minister for Education and Minister for Cultural Affairs 
of the Principality of Liechtenstein 
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Aboul Gheit, Secretary General of the League of Arab States 
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Hussen, Minister of Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship of Canada 
H.E. Mr. Thorbjern Jagland, Secretary General of the Council of Europe 
H.E. Mr. Khemaies Jhinaoui. Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tunisia 
H.E. Mr. Pierre Krahenbuhl. Commissioner-General of United Nations Relief and Works Agency for 
Palestine Refugees in the Near East 
H.E. Mr. Jan KubiS. Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Iraq and Head of UNAM! 
EFTA00811328
--- PAGE 2 ---
H.E. Mr. Miroslav Lajoak, Minister for Foreign and European Affairs of the Slovak Republic 
H.E. Mr. Jean-Yves Le Drian. Ministre des affaires etrangeres et du developpement international de la 
Republique frangaise 
H.E. Dr. Riad Malki. Minister of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates of the State of Palestine 
Mr. Robert Malley, President and CEO of the International Crisis Group 
H.E. Mr. Peter Maurer. President of the !CRC 
H.E. Mr. David Miliband, President and CEO of the International Rescue Committee 
H.E. Mr. Nickolay Mladenov, Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process and Personal 
Representative of the Secretary-General to the Palestine Liberation Organization and the Palestinian 
Authority 
H.E. Ms. Federica Mogherini, High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy 
H.E. Mr. Didier J.L. Reynders, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Affairs 
of Belgium 
The Hon. Kevin Rudd. former Prime Minister of Australia and Chair of IPI Board of Directors 
H.E. Mr. Ayman Safadi, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign and Expatriate Affairs of the 
Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan 
H.E. Mr. Ghassam Salame, Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Head of UNSMIL 
Mr. David M. Satterfield, Assistant Secretary of State of the United States of America 
H.E. Mr. Sameh Hassan Shoukry Selim, Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Arab Republic of Egypt 
H.E. Mr. Mohamed T.H. Siala, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State of Libya 
H.E. Mr. Timo Soini, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Finland 
- 2 - 
EFTA00811329

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811330.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gulfstream*
A G 
DYNAMICS 
COMPANY 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
Char Drive-Westfield,MA,01085-1493-Telephone 
Preliminary Invoice 
Part/Model# GIV 
AC Serial Norfail No: 1085/N1201E 
Mail Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
P.O. Box 730349 
Dallas, Texas 75373-0349 
Courier Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
ATTN: Treasury Manager 
Innovation Drive 
Savannah, GA 31407 
Wire Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
Chicago, IL 60670 
Account No. 10-15825 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 021 000 021 
S.W.I.F.T. CHASUS33 
ACH Credit Routing No. (ABA) 071 000 013 
Bill To:JEGE, INC. 
3800 SOUTHERN BLVD 
SUITE 204 
WEST PALM BEACH, Florida 33406 
USA 
Title: JEGE, INC. 
INVOICE SUMMARY FOR INDUCTION NOTIFICATION NUMBER: 300016796 
Time & Material 
Flat Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
$1,746.60 
$4,473.00 
$6,219.60 
Pans USD: 
$12,506.37 
$438.50 
$12,944.87 
Services USD: 
$0.00 
$7,744.50 
$7,744.50 
Policy Prices USD 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Detail Subtotal USD: 
$14,252.97 
$12,656.00 
$26,908.97 
Tax USD: 
$0.00 
Subtotal USD: 
$26,908.97 
Funds on Deposit USD: 
$0.00 
Invoice Number:90129760 
Invoice Date:11/15/2018 
Customer ID:61388 
PO Number: 
In Date:10/04/2018 
Out Date:11/09/2018 
Payment Term:Cash on Delivery 
Team Manager:Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator:Matthew Landry 
Total USD: 
Comments: 
$26,908.97 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Page: I of II 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
EFTA00811330
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bill To: JEGE, INC. 
SN 300016796 
Invoice No: 90129760 
Item: 1 
AIRFRAME 
Item/Squawk: 50016245 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
INBOUND/OUTBOUND TRAVELER - ACCOMPLISH APPROPRIATE INBOUND/OUTBOUND TRAVELER 
Resolution: 
ACCOMPLISHED APPROPRIATE INBOUND/OUTBOUND TRAVELER 
Billing Method 
Services USD 
Flat Rate 
Totals USD 
Services: 
Work Detail: 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$7,744.50 
$7,744.50 
Part No 
Description 
 Sx
santit 
Scll Price USD 
Extended USD 
MISC_CHARGES 
Fuel Charge - Engine Runs 
1.000 
57,744.50 
$7,744.50 
STEP: 1 PERFORMED INCOMING INSPECTION ON CUSTOMERS ORIGINAL R.4-1 ENGINE PIN TAY 611-8 S/N 
16292 USING ENGINE /APU INBOUND TRAVELER REV NC DA TED 08/17/18 
STEP: 2 COMPLIED WITH INBOUND INSPECTION IAW GULFSTREAM REPAIR STATION TRAVELER 
BAF-RSQCT-001 
STEP: 3 PERFORMED INCOMING INSPECTION ON CUSTOMER'S ORIGINAL Lill ENGINE P/N TAY 611-8 SIN 
16291 USING ENGINE /APU INBOUND TRAVELER REV NC DA TED 08/17/18 
Item: 13 
ADD CUST REQUESTED MAINTENANCE 
Item/Squawk: 50020834 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
GIV_712053_OUTBOARD FORWARD ENGINE SUSPENSION LINK (LEFT) - NDT INSPECTION 
Resolution: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP 712053 OUTBOARD FORWARD ENGINE SUSPENSION LINK (LEFT) - NDT INSPECTION 
DEFECTS NOTED FOUND LEFT HAND LINK GAUGED AND SHOWING FUZZY INDICATIONS AT END OF 
GAUGE REPRESENTATIVE OF SUBSURFACE DEFECT PER GIV NON DESTRUCTIVE TESTING MANUAL 01-000-
9 PAGE 3 REVISION 25,DECEMBER 15,2017. MAGNET PARTICLE INSPECTION PERFORMED PER CMP 
712053 AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV NON DESTRUCTI VE TESTING MANUAL 71-00-002 PAGE 607 
REVISION 25, DECEMBER 15,2017. MAG PARTICLE BENCH SN 1060 CALIBRATION DUE 1/27/2019. 
BLACK L IGHT S/N 90406 USED UV INTENSITY AND WHITE LIGHT INTENSITY CHECKED BY LIGHT 
SENSOR 1964667 CAL DUE DATE 08/01/2019. 
Billing Method 
Labor USD 
Time & Material 
ST 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
1.500 
$142.00 
$213.00 
Totals USD 
$213.00 
Item/Squawk: 50020843 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
GIV_712054_OUTBOARD FORWARD ENGINE SUSPENSION LINK (RIGHT) - NDT INSPECTION 
Resolution: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP 712054 OUTBOARD FORWARD ENGINE SUSPENSION LINK (RIGHT) - NDT INSPECTION 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
Page: 2 of II 
EFTA00811331
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bill To: MOE, INC. 
SN 300016796 
Invoice No: 90129760 
Labor USD 
Totals USD 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
ST 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
0.700 
$142.00 
$99A0 
$99A0 
Item: 30000 
GIV,G300,G400 Dual Eng CorpCare ATA 71 (Left) 
Item/Squawk: 50016037 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
REMOVE LH LOANER ENGINE SN 16694 & INSTL REMOVE LJH LOANER ENGINE S/N 16694 AND INSTALL 
THE CUSTOMER'S ORIGINAL ENGINE S/N 16291, RETURNING FROM ENGINE SHOP INSPECTION / 
MAINTENANCE. ENGINE R & I USING GIV M/M QEC PROCEDURE 71-03-02 & CMP CODES BELOW. 
Resolution: 
RQCI - COMPLIED WITH CMP 710001 ENGINE (LEFT) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION#REMOVED LOANER 
ENGINE PN TAY 611-8 SN 16642 AND INSTALLED CUS TOMERS ORIGINAL PN TAY 611-8 SN 16291 
USING GIV M/M QEC PROCEDURE 71-03-02 & CMP CODES BELOW. #MIDLIFE REWORK AND CALENDAR LIFE 
RE WO RK ACCOMPLISHED ON ENGINE P/N TAY 611-8, S/N 16291 BY ROLLS ROYCE CANADA, APPROVAL # 
AMO 1-58. REFER TO TC FORM ONE TRACKING # 2018- 2000038 DATED 25/OCT/2018.#TSN: 9690.4 
CSN: 4396 TSO: 2567.5 CSO: 1138 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Part No 
Description 
uanti 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
MS35335-6I 
WASHER, TOOTH LOCK, 114 IN DIA, SS 
4.000 
$2.09 
$8.36 
X513 1-21-H 
CLIP 
4.000 
$31.12 
$124.48 
011157-015-20 
GASKET 
1.000 
$108.29 
$108.29 
RTV106 
SEALANT,ADHESIVE,2.8 O7,500 DEC F,RED 
1.000 
534.93 
$34.93 
NAS1580C3R5 
BOLT,100DEG FLHD,OFS CRUCIFORM,DVTL SLOT 
16.000 
$2.24 
$35.84 
AV30-00372 
CORROSION PREVNTIVE,13.5O7,AEROSOL,12/CS 
2.000 
549.40 
$98.80 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$410.70 
$410.70 
Item/Squawk: 50016105 
Discrepancy: 
Engine Alternator (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
COMPLIED WITII GIV CMP 242005 ENGINE ALTERNATOR (LEFT) REMOVAL/INSTALLATION. 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Flours 
Rate 
Time & Material 
Part No 
Description 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Total 
$0.51 
$0.51 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Page: 3 of II 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
EFTA00811332
--- PAGE 4 ---
Bill To: MOE, INC. 
SN 300016796 
Invoice No: 90129760 
MS29512-06 
PACKING, PREFORMED, FUEL RESISTANT, TUBE 
1.000 
$0.51 
$0.51 
Item/Squawk: 50016107 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Discrepancy: 
Engine Alternator Spline Adapter (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
REMOVED LEFT ENGINE ALTERNATOR SPLINE ADAPTOR PART NUMBER 1595443-1. INSTALLED LEFT 
ENGINE ALTERNATOR SPLINE ADAPTOR PART NUMBER 15 95443-1 RECEIVED FROM GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH. 
REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH AUTHORIZATION NUMBER ODA-602216-NM, TRACKING NUMBER 
800787 3862-10 DATED 17 OCTOBER 2018. IAW GIV AMM 24-01-01-RI ENGINE ALTERNATOR SPLINE 
ADAPTER (LEFT) - REMOVAL /INSTALLATION.#10-50 IN LB TORQUE WRENCH ID NUMBER 1750O00 CAL 
DUE DATE 12 OCTOBER 2019 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
Pan No 
Ilours 
Rate 
Total 
$3,926.64 
$3,926.64 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
1595443-1 
ADAPTER SPLINE (CIMS) 
1.000 
$3,926.64 
$3,926.64 
Item/Squawk: 50016115 
Discrepancy: 
Fuel System - Bleed 
Resolution: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP 280020 FUEL SYSTEM - BLEED 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
Part No 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$21.08 
$21.08 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
AS20911 
BOLT 
2.000 
S10.54 
$21.08 
Item/Squawk: 50016117 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Discrepancy: 
Engine-driven Hydraulic Pump (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP 291045 ENGINE-DRIVEN HYDRAULIC PUMP (LEFT) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
Billing Method 
Parts USD 
Time & Material 
Totals USD 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$2.000.27 
$2,000.27 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
Page: 4 of II 
EFTA00811333
--- PAGE 5 ---
Bill To: MOE, INC. 
SN 300016796 
Invoice No: 90129760 
Parts: 
Part No 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
21190 
ADAPTER,SPLINE 
1.000 
52,000.27 
52,000.27 
Item/Squawk: 50016134 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Discrepancy: 
Nose Cowl (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
TQ WRENCH USED 1457U00 CAL DUE 3/21/2019##COMPLIED WITH GIV CMP 711001 - NOSE COWL (LEFT) 
- REMOVAL /INSTALLATION 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
Part No 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$13.35 
$13.35 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
NAS1580C3T5 
BOLT, SHEAR, 100 DEG FL HD,OFS CRUCIFORM 
15.000 
$0.89 
$13.35 
Item/Squawk: 50016138 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Discrepancy: 
Upper Cowl Door (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
COMPLIED WITH GIV CMP 711061 UPPER COWL DOOR (LEFT) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
Part No 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$2.30 
$2.30 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
MS24665-227 
PIN,COTTER,0.62 IN L X 0.07 IN DIA,STL 
10.000 
$0.23 
$2.30 
Item/Squawk: 50016142 
Ref'. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Discrepancy: 
Engine Forward Beam Outboard Suspension Link (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
RQCI#COMPLIED WITH GIV CMP 712051 ENGINE FORWARD BEAM OUTBOARD SUSPENSION LINK (LEFT) - 
REMOVAL/INSTALLATIONINREMOVED DAMAGED L/H E NGINE FORWARD BEAM OUTBOARD SUSPENSION 
LINK 
P/N 09-9023-01 S/N BAL0301 AND REPLACED WITH INSPECTED VII ENGINE FORWARD BEAM OUTBOARD 
SUSPENSION LINK P/N 94756-05 S/N BAL1432. PART RECEIVED FROM GAC SAV. REFERENCE FAA FOR 
8130-3 WITH TRACKING # 20061004103050, APPR OVAL # FAA CRS GR4R216M, DATED OCT, 04 2006. 
ALL WORK DONE IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV CMP 712051. 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
Page: 5 of II 
EFTA00811334
--- PAGE 6 ---
Bill To: MOE, INC. 
SN 300016796 
Invoice No: 90129760 
Billing Method 
Parts USD 
Flat Rate 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Part No 
Ilours 
Rate 
Total 
$389.20 
$389.20 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
94756-05 
Link assembly 
1.000 
5389.20 
$389.20 
Item/Squawk: 50016209 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Discrepancy: 
Engine (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
RQCI - COMPLIED WITH CMP 710001 ENGINE (LEFT) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION#REMOVED LOANER 
ENGINE PN TAY 611-8 SN 16694 AND INSTALLED CUS TOMERS ORIGINAL PN TAY 611-8 SN 16291. 
#MIDLIFE REWORK AND CALENDAR LIFE REWORK ACCOMPLISHED ON ENGINE P/N TAY 611-8, SIN 16291 
BY RO LLS ROYCE CANADA, APPROVAL # AMO 1-58. REFER TO TC FORM ONE TRACKING # 2018-2000038 
DATED 25/OCT/2018.#TSN: 9690.4 CSN: 4396 TSO: 2567.5 CSO: 11380/TORQUE WRENCH USED 
WAS ID 1750Y00 CAL DUE DATE IS 02-28-2019# 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
Part No 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$1,097.24 
$1,097.24 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
M83248/1-219 
O-RING FLUOROCARBON 
1.000 
$1.05 
$1.05 
64CTG 
GREASE: SYNTHETIC,14.1OZ 
1.000 
528.36 
528.36 
MS21919WCH2 
CLAMP, LOOP, 0.38 IN W X 0.2 IN DIA, STL 
18.000 
541.00 
$738.00 
NAS1297-5D20 
BOLT,SHOULDER 
6.000 
549.15 
$294.90 
RTV106 
SEALANT,ADHESIVE,2.8 OZ,500 DEC F,RED 
1.000 
534.93 
534.93 
Item/Squawk: 50016218 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Discrepancy: 
Engine Starter Oil Level (Left) - Check 
Resolution: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP 801011 ENGINE STARTER OIL LEVEL (LEFT) - CHECK#TQ WRENCH ID # 
1750O00#NEXT CAL DUE 12 OCT 2019 
Billing Method 
Parts USD 
Time & Material 
Totals USD 
Ilours 
Rate 
Total 
$64.91 
$64.91 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
Page: 6 of II 
EFTA00811335
--- PAGE 7 ---
Bill To: JEGE, INC. 
SN 300016796 
Invoice No: 90129760 
Parts: 
Part No 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
S9809-3 
GASKET 
2.000 
$10.72 
$21.44 
S9809-6 
GASKET, C 
2.000 
$7.27 
$14.54 
2380 
OIL, TURBO, 1 QT 
1.000 
528.93 
$28.93 
Item/Squawk: 50021688 
Discrepancy: 
GIV_761021_ENGINE CONTROL - RIGGING 
Resolution: 
VOID 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
Part No 
Hours 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 
Rate 
Total 
$25.35 
$25.35 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
GAS13F23 
SEAL, PRESS 
1.000 
525.35 
$25.35 
Item: 30001 
Discrepancies - GIV,G300,G400 Dual Eng CorpCare ATA 71 (Left) 
Item/Squawk: 50021106 
Ref'. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
WHILE PERFORMING PYLON INSPECTION ON LII SIDE NOTED FIXED COWL ACCESSORY DOOR CANNON 
PLUG TO BE UNSERVICEABLE. 
Resolution: 
REMOVED DEFECTIVE CANNON PLUG P/N MS3126F12-10SW. INSTALLED NEW SECURITY SYSTEM ENGINE 
COWLING CANNON PLUG P/N MS3126F12-10SW. ALL WORK DONE I/A/W GAC SAV DWG: SC41 456019 
Billing Method 
Labor USD 
Flat Rate 
Parts USD 
Flat Rate 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$852.00 
$49.30 
$901.30 
Part No 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
MS3126F12-10SW 
CONNECTOR, CIRCULAR,PLG, SIZE 12 
1.000 
549.30 
549.30 
Item/Squawk: 50022157 
Ref'. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
WHILE PERFORMING ENGINE RIG CHECKS NOTED LII THROTTLE HAD A SLIGHT BINDING 
Resolution: 
VISUALLY INSPECTED LH ENGINE THROTTLE CABLE AT LII PYLON AND NOTED TORN UPPER CABLE 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
Page: 7 of II 
EFTA00811336
--- PAGE 8 ---
Bill To: JEGE, INC. 
SN 300016796 
Invoice No: 90129760 
PRESSURE SEAL IN BETWEEN CABLE AND TELEFLEX CABLE PULLEY. REMOVED DEFECTIVE PRESSURE 
SEAL P/N: GASI3F23 NSN. WITH INSPECTOR APPROVAL - INSTALLED NEW PESSURE SEAL P/N: 
GAS13F23 NSN. CYCLED LH THROTTLE AND NOTED NO BINDING. 
Billing Method 
Labor USD 
Time & Material 
ST 
Totals USD 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
3.600 
$142.00 
$511.20 
$511.20 
Item/Squawk: 50022162 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
WHILE PERFORMING PYLON INSPECTIONS NOTED BROKEN NUTPLATE UNDER UPPER FWD PYLON BOARD 
AT 
APPROX. FS 526 
Resolution: 
REMOVED BROKEN NUTPLATE PN: MS21060L3 UNDER LH UPPER PYLON PANEL AT FS 526. INSTALLED NEW 
NUTPLATE PN: MS21060L3 UNDER UPPER FWD PYL ON PANEL AT FS 526. WORK DONE IAW GAC DRAWING: 
1159P41902 REV G. 
Billing Method 
Labor USD 
Time & Material 
ST 
Parts USD 
Time & Material 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
2.400 
$142.00 
$340.80 
$2.91 
$343.71 
Part No 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
MS21060L3 
NUT, PLATE, TWO LUG, FLOATING 
1.000 
$1.53 
$1.53 
CCR264CS3-2 
RIVET, CHERRY, 0.19 IN L X 3/32 IN DIA 
2.000 
$0.69 
S1.38 
Item: 35000 
GIV,G300,G400 Dual Eng CorpCare ATA 71 (Right) 
Item/Squawk: 50016108 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Discrepancy: 
Engine Alternator Spline Adapter (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
REMOVED RIGHT ENGINE ALTERNATOR SPLINE ADAPTOR PART NUMBER 1595443-1. INSTALLED RIGHT 
ENGINE ALTERNATOR SPLINE ADAPTOR PART NUMBER 1 595443-1 RECEIVED FROM GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH. 
REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH AUTHORIZATION NUMBER ODA-602216-NM, TRACKING NUMBER 80078 
73862-10 DATED 17 OCTOBER 2018. IAW GIV AMM 24-01-01-RI ENGINE ALTERNATOR SPLINE ADAPTER 
(RIGHT) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION.#10-50 IN LB TORQUE WRENCH ID NUMBER 1750U00 CAL DUE 
DATE 12 OCTOBER 2019 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
Flours 
Rate 
Total 
$3,926.64 
$3,926.64 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
Page: 8 of II 
EFTA00811337
--- PAGE 9 ---
Bill To: MOE, INC. 
SN 300016796 
Invoice No: 90129760 
Parts: 
Part No 
Dcscription 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
1595443-1 
ADAPTER SPLINE (CIMS) 
1.000 
$3,926.64 
53,926.64 
Item/Squawk: 50016112 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Discrepancy: 
Engine Overheat Switch (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP 261250 ENGINE OVERHEAT SWITCH (RIGHT) - REMOVAL /INSTALLATION#REMOVED 
LH OVERHEAT SWITCH PN 17343-83-860 NSN (BAT CH # 1813) AND SENT TO GAC SAV FOR TRIP POINT 
INSPECTION. RECEIVED AND INSTALLED SAME INSPECTED SWITCH. TORQUE WRENCH ID IS 1750Y00 
WITH A CAL DUE DATE OF 02-28-19. TORQUE WRENCH ID IS 1750U00 CAL DUE DATE OF 31- OCT-2019. 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
Part No 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$1.61 
$1.61 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
NAS1149C0432R 
WASHER, FLAT. 
7.000 
$0.23 
$1.61 
Item/Squawk: 50016133 
Discrepancy: 
Engine - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
RQCI - COMPLIED WITH CMP 710031 ENGINE - OPERATIONAL TEST 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$173.58 
$173.58 
Part No 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
2380 
OIL, TURBO, 1 QT 
6.000 
S28.93 
5173.58 
Item/Squawk: 50016210 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 40000874 
Discrepancy: 
Engine (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
RQCI - COMPLIED WITH CMP 710002 ENGINE (RIGHT) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION#REMOVED LOANER 
ENGINE PN TAY611-8 SN 16642 AND REPLACED WITH CUSTOMERS ORIGINAL REPAIRED ENGINE PN 
TAY611-8 SN 16292. #MIDLIFE REWORK AND CALENDAR LIFE REWORK ACCOMPLISHED ON ENGINE P/N 
TAY 6l 1-8, S/N 16292 BY ROLLS ROYCE CANADA, APPROVAL # AMO 1-58. REFER TO TC FORM ONE 
TRACKING # 2018-2000040 DATED 31/OCT/2018.#TSN: 9710.3 CSN: 4402 TSO: 2567.5 CSO: 
1138triORQUE WRENCH USED WAS ID 1750Y00 CAL DUE DATE IS 02-28-2019 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
Page: 9 of II 
EFTA00811338
--- PAGE 10 ---
Bill To: JEGE, INC. 
SN 300016796 
Invoice No: 90129760 
Billing Method 
Parts USD 
Time & Material 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Part No 
Ilours 
Rate 
Total 
$104.04 
$104.04 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
UP60024 
WASHER 
2.000 
511.35 
522.70 
UP60024 
WASHER 
2.000 
511.35 
522.70 
AS20912 
BOLT,DOUBLE HEXAGON HEAD 
2.000 
512.93 
525.86 
MS20995C.032 
WIRE,SAFETY,.032 IN DIA,' LB,SS 
2.000 
S16.39 
532.78 
Item: 35001 
Discrepancies - GIV,G300,G400 Dual Eng CorpCare ATA 71 (Right) 
Item/Squawk: 50021085 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
WHILE C/W GIV CMP 710002 RH ENGINE R&I NOTED AREA OF CHAFING ON VIBRATION SENSOR WIRES 
AT TOP OF ENGINE. 
Resolution: 
VISUALLY INSPECTED CHAFING AREA OF VIBRATION SENSOR WIRES ON TOP OF RH ENGINE AND FOUND 
MINOR NICKS IN GUTTER TEFLON WRAP, NO DAMAGE NOTED TO INNER WIRING. APPLIED CHAFE 
PROTECTION AS NEEDED TO PREVENT FUTURE CHAFING. REFERENCED RR TAY-611-8 EMM 71-50-01-300-
001 F OR WORK PERFORMED. 
Billing Method 
Labor USD 
Time & Material 
ST 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
1.600 
$142.00 
$227.20 
Totals USD 
$227.20 
Item/Squawk: 50021105 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
WHILE C/W GIV CMP 783002 RH THRUST REVERSER R&I, NOTED SPINNING TR MOUNT STUD. 
Resolution: 
REMOVED STUD, CLEANED STUD AND HOLE AND REINSTALLED PER RR TAY 611-8 MM 70-42-10-300-02. 
TQ WRENCH USED 1457U00 CAL DUE 3/21/2019 
Labor USD 
Billing Method 
Time & Material 
ST 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
2.500 
$142.00 
$355.00 
Totals USD 
$355.00 
Item/Squawk: 50021180 
Ref. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
WHILE INSPECTING RH ENGINE HARNESS NOTED T2.6 THERMAL UNIT CANNON PLUG TO HAVE BROKEN 
BACKSHELL 
Resolution: 
INSTALLED NEW CONNECTOR PIN BTRI208-03SD. NEW PART RECEIVED FROM ROLLS-ROYCE APPROVAL 
NUMBER: UK.21G.2009. REFERENCE FaSA FORM I W ITH FORM TRACKING NUMBER CN SD000549-001-01, 
DATED 04 NOV 2018. ALL WORK DONE UMW G-IV W.M. 75-22-00 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
Page: 10 of II 
EFTA00811339
--- PAGE 11 ---
Bill To: MOE, INC. 
SN 300016796 
Invoice No: 90129760 
Billing Method 
Labor USD 
Flat Rate 
Totals USD 
Work Detail: 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$2,556.00 
$2,556.00 
STEP: I REMOVED SERVICEABLE BACK SHELL P/N BTRI208-03SD FROM LEFT ENGINE T2.6 THERMAL UNIT 
CANNON PLUG. REMOVED BROKEN BACK SHELL P/N BTR12 08-03SD FROM T2.6 THERMAL UNIT CANNON 
PLUG. INSTALLED SERVICEABLE BACK SHELL P/N BTR1208-03SD ON T2.6 THERMAL UNIT CANNON PLUG. 
AL L WORK DONE I/A/W G-IV W.M. 75-22-00 
STEP: 2 INSTALLED NEW CONNECTOR P/N BTR1208-035D. NEW PART RECEIVED FROM ROLLS-ROYCE 
APPROVAL NUMBER: UK.21G.2009. REFERENCE EASA FORM 1 W ITH FORM TRACKING NUMBER CN 
SD000549-001-01, DATED 04 NOV 2018. ALL WORK DONE I/A/W G-IV W.M. 75-22-00 
Item/Squawk: 50022555 
Ref'. Doc. Apvd: 
Discrepancy: 
WHILE PERFORMING ENGINE GROUND RUNS NOTED RH P3 LIMITER WAS LEAKING 
Resolution: 
REMOVED LEAKING RH ENGINE P3 LIMITER/AIR POTENTIOMETER ASSEMBLY WITH P/N 77349591, NSN. 
REPLACED WITH NEW GASKETS USING P/N 77873641 , 77873643, AND 77873640. INSTALLED RH 
ENGINE P3 LIMITER/AIR POTENTIOMETER ASSEMBLY WITH P/N 77349591, NSN. WORK DONE PER TAY 
611-8 EMM 73-21-01-400-003. LEAK CHECKED WITH NO FURTHER DEFECTS NOTED.#TORQUE WRENCH ID: 
1750Y00 DUE DATE: 2/15/2019 
Labor USD 
Parts USD 
Totals USD 
Parts: 
Billing Method 
Flat Rate 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
$1,065.00 
Time & Material 
$735.24 
$1,800.24 
Part No 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
77873641 
GASKET 
1.000 
4280.80 
$280.80 
77873642 
GASKET 
1.000 
$96.13 
596.13 
77873643 
GASKET 
2.000 
$146.44 
$292.88 
77873640 
GASKET 
1.000 
565.43 
565.43 
Work Detail: 
STEP: I REMOVED LEAKING RH ENGINE P3 LIMITER/AIR POTENTIOMETER ASSEMBLY WITH P/N 77349591, 
NSN. REPLACED WITH NEW GASKETS USING P/N 77873641 , 77873643, AND 77873640. INSTALLED RH 
ENGINE P3 LIMITER/AIR POTENTIOMETER ASSEMBLY WITH PIN 77349591, NSN. WORK DONE PER TAY 
611-8 EMM 73-21-0I-400-003.#TORQUE WRENCH ID: 1750Y00 DUE DATE: 2/15/2019 
STEP: 2 LEAK CHECKED P3 LIMITER WITH NO DEFECTS NOTED. 
For detailed description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars 
Printed: 11/15/2018 11:28:36 
Page: II of II 
EFTA00811340

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811341.pdf
----------------------------------------
Phone: 
Bell Helicopter Miami, Inc 
2011 South Perimeter Road. Suite L 
Fort Lauderdale. Florida 33309 
Email: 
HYPERION INC 
Invoice: C01 471 1FL 
Item 
Description 
I I 
Selig 
vie • • 
Helicopter• 
A Textron Company 
Thursday, February 08, 2018 
Make: Model: 
BELL/ 430 
Serial Number: 
49078 
Registration: 
N331JE 
Total Time: 
Parts 
Labor 
Ldt hand window Made pin 430-5630.100.003 an 60210116 it out for mar / refurbish. Ferformed by Aero Solutions 
$8.400.00 
ROI hard window shade pin 430.5630-100.004 an E0210085 mod out for repar 1 returtut Performed by Aero Solutions 
$8.400.00 
Outboard and Inbound 'mem charges 
$150.00 
ale-TOTAL 
TOTAL 
$16,950.00 
$0.00 
$16,950.00 
EFTA00811341

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811342.pdf
----------------------------------------
Figure 25-1 Floorplan 
" 
1:4 
to 
S:". 
faun fen. 
Oa al • In 
Mt 
not ...a 
4A 
VA 
OA 
Q. 
1L 
IN 
I 
I I I I I 41%
Meta 
t 
MS= 
I
I
I
I 
I
I 
W44 
Far n <00. 
CICIMCY 
JD 
2"1 AfatmffaDANTs 
MA 
02IP 
Sa
ar 
co.
MB 
gt. 
41% 
%.1 gt 
CREW 
I 
I 
I 
rt ow 
OS 
nit 
Oak 
EFTA00811342

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811343.pdf
----------------------------------------
P. .... I iif 
Universal Ops Brief: Flight support package 
UNIVERSALLs
fi e information contained within may include flight plans, weather information, NOTAMs, and other critical flight 
information for your He operations. Confirmations and supplemental trip.planning information may also 
accompany this brief. For questions, and to learn more about other package-delivery options, please contact us 
otcurtomercorecenterauniv-wearom, or call N. Amerka +1 
App Store 
I be Orbs 8r,e' 
cis° be 
o:cesbed on )our iPo7' 
th.e.Jgb biS0 
universolvieothereom/uvG0 
To: 
PLAN D. LLC 
Pilot: 
CAPT LAWRENCE VISOSKI JR 
Registry: 
N415LM 
Aircraft: 
GLF5 
Date: 
Oct 2017 
Time Sent: 
13:34Z 
# Pages: 
Tango Team 
N. America 
Worldwide 
E-mail: 
Aviation Weather 
E-mail: 
Apple. and iPad. are trademarks of Apple Inc.. registered in the U.S. and ether countries 
Universal Weather and AWsten. Inc.isnot endorsed. sponsored. affiliated with or otherwise autherued byApple he 
Universal Weather and Aviation, Inc. • 1150 Gemini Street Houston. Texas 770584708 USA 
Asia.Pacdic •852 2109 1530 
Europe. Middle East and Ainca •44 1279 805 212 
North America • I (800)231.9300 • Worldwide 
(713)9441622 
2015 Universal Weather and Aviation. he • DET.M/1024-sjs 
EFTA00811343
--- PAGE 2 ---
FLIGHT PLANS 
START-OF-PLAN RC 350812 PLNR AMARTIN 
FMT ID XX 
******* ************ ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
LFPS - OKBK 
G550 
RC 350812 
TRIP Y 117100245801 
SOUTHERN ROUTE: VIA EGYPT AND SAUDI ARABIA. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
EFTA00811344
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 7 
********* THIS FLIGHT PLAN SHOULD NOT BE USED FOR OPERATIONAL PURPOSES ******** 
WARNING: THIS FLIGHT PLAN WAS COMPUTED FOR A G550-G5SP 
WHILE THE BURN DATA IS BASED ON MANUFACTURE PUBLISHED DATA, THE WEIGHTS, FUEL 
REQUIREMENTS AND AIRCRAFT EQUIPMENT/CAPABILITIES ARE CONSIDERED ALL-PURPOSE 
DATA. THE ROUTING AND FLIGHT LEVELS PROVIDED IN THIS FLIGHT PLAN MAY NOT BE 
SPECIFIC TO YOUR ACTUAL OPERATIONAL SPECIFICATIONS. 
********* THIS FLIGHT PLAN SHOULD NOT BE USED FOR OPERATIONAL PURPOSES ******** 
FLT PLAN: 4242 LFPB/OKBK MACH:M85 A/C: G550 
/GLFS RC 350812 
ETD: 03/10.00Z 
ORG LFPB DEST OKBK 
FUEL 
TIME CORR 
TOGWT 
LDGWT 
AVG W/C 
DEST OKBK 017288 05.45  
 069175 051887 
P025 
RESV 
001918 00.45  
ALTN 
001569 00.36  
 ALTN OEDF DIST 0204 W/C P011 
HOLD 
000000 00.00  
REQD 
021175 07.06  
 BOW 048000 PAYLOAD 000400 
EXTRA 
000000 00.00  
TAXI 
000400 
TTL AT BO 021175 07.16  
 RTE R1 
DIST 2824 
LFPB DCT BUBLI UG42 LUVAL UN491 TRA DCT SUXAN DCT BUSER DCT INKUB 
DCT LATAN UM872 KFN UM601 TRL UL604 SALUN Q680 DBA UM872 WEJ UL604 
HLF A788 SOROR DCT WAFRA DCT OKBK 
LFPB/0410/PLH/0450 
FUEL AND TIME BIASES 
CLIMB: 
0.0 PCT 400.000 LBS 4.000 MIN 
CRUISE: 
0.0 PCT 
DESCENT: 0.0 PCT 0.000 LBS 0.000 MIN 
MAXSHR 05 / SALUN 
AVG TAS 482 
SUMMARY 05.40 INIT FL 39 B/O 018251 PL 000400 TOW 069175 CRZ M85 RT 01 
SUMMARY 05.36 INIT FL 37 B/O 019183 PL 000400 TOW 069175 CRZ M85 RT 01 
CODED ICAO FLIGHT PLAN 
(FPL-G550-IG 
-GLFS/M-SDFGHIRWXY/S 
- LFPB1000 
- N0490F410 DCT BUBLI UG42 LUVAL UN491 TRA DCT SUXAN DCT BUSER DCT 
INKUB DCT LATAN UM872 KFN UM601 TRL UL604 PLH/N0483F450 UL604 
SALUN Q680 DBA UM872 WEJ UL604 HLF A788 SOROR DCT WAFRA DCT 
-OKBK0545 OEDF 
-PBN/A1B2C2D2L1O2S2T2 DOF/171003 REG/G550 
EET/ED000031 LSAS0034 LIMM0047 LIBB0116 LGGG0156 HECC0246 
OEJD0413 OKAC0534 
OPR/PLAN D LLC PER/C 
E/0706 P/4 C/VISOSKI JR) 
EUCHZMFP EUCBZMFP HECCZQZX HECAZPZX OEJDZQZX OKACZQZX OKBKZQZX 
OKBKZTZX OEDFZTZX 
--- END-OF-PLAN RC350812 
EFTA00811345
--- PAGE 4 ---
--- START-OF-PLAN RC 350805 PLNR AMARTIN 
NWT ID XX 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
LFP8 - 0K8K 
G550 
RC 350805 
TRIP 4 117100245801 
NORTHERN ROUTE: VIA TURKEY AND IRAN. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
EFTA00811346
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 of 7 
********* THIS FLIGHT PLAN SHOULD NOT BE USED FOR OPERATIONAL PURPOSES ******** 
WARNING: THIS FLIGHT PLAN WAS COMPUTED FOR A G550-G5SP 
WHILE THE BURN DATA IS BASED ON MANUFACTURE PUBLISHED DATA, THE WEIGHTS, FUEL 
REQUIREMENTS AND AIRCRAFT EQUIPMENT/CAPABILITIES ARE CONSIDERED ALL-PURPOSE 
DATA. THE ROUTING AND FLIGHT LEVELS PROVIDED IN THIS FLIGHT PLAN MAY NOT BE 
SPECIFIC TO YOUR ACTUAL OPERATIONAL SPECIFICATIONS. 
********* THIS FLIGHT PLAN SHOULD NOT BE USED FOR OPERATIONAL PURPOSES ******** 
FLT PLAN: 4235 LFPB/OKBK MACH:M85 A/C: G550 
/GLFS RC 350805 
ETD: 03/10.00Z 
ORG LFPB DEST OKBK 
FUEL 
TIME CORR 
TOGWT 
LDGWT 
AVG W/C 
DEST OKBK 015674 05.10  
 067690 052016 
P041 
RESV 
002047 00.45  
ALTN 
001569 00.36  
 ALTN OEDF DIST 0204 W/C P011 
HOLD 
000000 00.00  
REQD 
019690 06.31  
 BOW 048000 PAYLOAD 000400 
EXTRA 
000000 00.00  
TAXI 
000400 
TTL AT BO 019690 06.41  
 RTE R4 
DIST 2600 
LFPB DCT BUBLI UG42 LUVAL UN491 DEGES UN871 MADEB UN606 ELMEM 
UL607 GEDSO DCT DIMLO DCT INVED M747 NEKUL P975 ARTAT UP975 EZS 
UT36 IMKEN B417 DESLU DCT OKBK 
LFPB/0410/ARTAT/0450/TOD/0430/TULAX/0240 
FUEL AND TIME BIASES 
CLIMB: 
0.0 PCT 400.000 LBS 4.000 MIN 
CRUISE: 
0.0 PCT 
DESCENT: 0.0 PCT 0.000 LBS 0.000 MIN 
MAXSHR 04 / ULTED 
AVG TAS 486 
SUMMARY 05.05 INIT FL 39 B/O 016418 PL 000400 TOW 067690 CRZ M85 RT 04 
SUMMARY 05.04 INIT FL 37 B/O 017327 PL 000400 TOW 067690 CRZ M85 RT 04 
CODED ICAO FLIGHT PLAN 
(FPL-G550-IG 
-GLFS/M-SDFGHIRWXY/S 
- LFPB1000 
- N0490F410 DCT BUBLI UG42 LUVAL UN491 DEGES UN871 MADEB UN606 
ELMEM UL607 GEDSO DCT DIMLO DCT INVED M747 NEKUL P975 
ARTAT/N0486F450 UP975 EZS UT36 IMKEN/N0481F430 B417 MAH/N0316F240 
B417 UKNAR B417 DESLU DCT 
-OKBK0510 OEDF 
-PBN/A1B2C2D2L1O2S2T2 DOF/171003 REG/G550 
EET/ED000031 LSAS0034 LOVV0041 ED000043 LOVV0044 LIMM0052 
LOVV0053 LJLA0110 LHCC0112 LRBB0131 LBSR0205 LTBB0226 LTAA0233 
0IIX0349 OKAC0457 
OPR/PLAN D LLC PER/C 
E/0631 P/4 C/VISOSKI JR) 
EUCHZMFP EUCBZMFP LTACYWYX OIIXZQZX OIIIZRZX OIIIZGZX OKACZQZX 
OKBKZQZX OKBKZTZX OEDFZTZX 
EFTA00811347
--- PAGE 6 ---
OE 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
▪ etat 
cf 20E 
30E 
40E 
50E 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
BEGAR T0031 
AFL410 -54 
EPL T0024 
LUVAL T0020 FL410 -54 
FL410 54 
TRA T0035 
FL410 -53 
LANVI T0022 
FL410 -54 
LASAT T0027 
FL410 -54 
LENGI T0033 
FL410 -53 
• 
• 
INKUB T0121 
FL410 58 
SUXAN T0047 
FL410 -54 
• 
BUSER T0110 
FL410 -57 
LATAN T0IS6 
FL410 -57 
KFN T0208 
FL410 -56 
ASTUS T0205 
FL410 -56 
ENESI T0206 
FL410 -56 
DILMO T0229 
• 
FL410 -56 
350812 
Itinerary: LFPB to OKBK 
• 
• 
ma 
• 
TRL T0219 
FL410 -56 
SALUN T0246 
FL450 -61 
PLH T0236 
FL410 -56 
LUBOS T0342 
DBA T0318 
FL450 -66 
FL450 -63 
FYM T0335 
FL450 -65 
FL450 -67 
SEMRU T0349 
FL450 -66 
HGD T0402 
FL450 -6/ 
UNIVERSAL u s
%flamer& Aviation. lie 
• 
a 
• 
• 
SON 
40N 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
LOXOM T0511 
F1450 -67 
RABDA T0432 
FL450 -67 
TOTAD T0508 
FL450 -67 
NADIK T0429 
SILKA 704141,, FL450 -67 
FL450 -67I HLF T0439 
 F1450 -67 
HER T0524 
FL450 -67 
4.1 
• 
• 
ION 
• 
LOTOK T0518 
FL450 -67 
• 
•
■
• 
• 
• 
• 
IN
)  
• 
• 
 •
■
• 
EFTA00811348
--- PAGE 7 ---
• 
• 
• 
• 
—•ttias? 26E 
• 
• 
• 
• 
a 
• 
sfr
GAMSA T0041 
FL410 -55 
EPL T0024 
FL410 -54 
LUVAL T0019 
FL410 -54 
FL410 -54 
LASAT T0026 
IATB 
LANVI T0022 
FL410 -S4 
MADEB T0044 
FL410 -55 
GEDSO T0051 
FL410 -55 
BEGAR T0031 
FL410 -54 
LENGI T0033 
▪
 FL410 -53 
DEGES T0039 
FL410 -54 
• 
ZUE T0037 
FL410 -53 
TRA T0035 
F1410 -53 
ELMEM T0045 
FL410 -SS 
. . . . . 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • • 
350805 
Itinerary: LFPB to OKBK 
DIMLO T0112 
FL410 -57 
GITT4U T0136 
FL410 -58 
INVED T0131 
FL410 -58 
NEKUL T0143 
FL410 -59 
UBOGU T0154 
FL410 -58 
• 
IN 
• 
stit 
UNIVERSAL u s
%%miners Aviation. St 
• 
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
RELTU T0241 
FL450 -57 
RONBU T0205 .ec4:1/4.)  . APTOX T0242 
FL410 -58 
). F1450 -57 
• 
ASMOB TO240 
• 
FL450 -57 
ORMAN TO247 
FL450 -57 
ARTAT T0226 
FL410 -57 
ERMUP T0233 
FL450 58 
ROKVA TO237 
FL450 -58 
7' UNVUS T0240 
FL450 -57 
PIPUR T0246 
FL450 57 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
30N 
• 
ERGUN T0254 
FL450 -57 
• 
NUNTU T0310 
FL450 -56 
EIS T0321 
FL450 -56 
ARPUT TO319 
FL450 -57 
TEPKI T0244 
FL450 -57 
VEVEN T0312 
FL450 57 
SIV T0307 
FL450 -56 
ASPUL T0327 
F1450 -56 
RENGI T033 
• FL450 -57 
LIVDO T0337 
FL450 -58 
DERIL T0348 
FL450 -58 
i• 
SON 
• ct • 
40N 
ULTED T0334 
FL450 -58 
ENEDA T0405 
FL450 -61 
NAGROT0435] 
FL450 -65 
KRD T0424 
FL4S0 -64 
DAPEM T0429 
FL450 65 
TULAX TO457 
' FL240 -16
DESLU T0459 
• 
• 
. 
FL240 -16 
• 
• 
IMKEN T0439 
FL4SO -65 
• 
EFTA00811349

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811350.pdf
----------------------------------------
r. 
SD satcom direct. 
SATCOM DIRECT 
Pricing Proposal 
Plan D LLC 
Gulfstream G550 
N415LM (5173) 
Page 1 of 7 
Thladdontent la edsideed Sated Odd. Int. powdery Wounded prodded, oe distributed with 
delusive rigid to Sodom Meet, kw. Moldier this document nor Its contents shad In reproduced or 
&dosed to• third perry wkly. the express emitter, consent of Saran Olrect, lot. 
EFTA00811350
--- PAGE 2 ---
SD 
To: 
Plan D LLC 
Larry Visoski 
satcom direct. 
Please see the following Overview of Satcom Direct Services, Plans, and Capabilities: 
Quote Date: Dec 21,2017 
Expiry Date: Jan 20, 2018 
Quote Number 
SD-10413 
Revision Number 
Customer Aircraft Summary 
Aircraft Manufacturer 
Aircraft Type 
Serial Number 
Tail 
Gu!fstream 
G550 
5173 
NIUSLM 
Inmarsat Jet ConneX Ka Internet 
Service Plan and Configuration: 
Plan Name 
GB Allotment 
GB Rollover Limit 
Downlink MIR (Mbps) 
Downlink CIR (Mbps) 
Uplink MIR (Mbps) 
Uplink CIR (Mbps) 
MIR: Maximum information Rate 
CIR: Committed information Rate 
AeroV Enabled 
Minimum Overage Purchase 
Overage Price 
Standard Monthly Service Cost 
Discounted Monthly Service Cost 
Contract Terms 
SD-JX40-2yr-Std 
40GB I Month 
20GB I Month 
7.7 Mbps 
2.6 Mbps 
Mbps 
0.6 Mbps 
No 
20.068 
$9,000.00 
$16,200.00 
$14,400.00 
2-Year Agreement featuring discounted 
monthly payments 
Inmarsat let ConneX Ka and the SD Advantage for your aircraft: 
let ConneX (IX) is Inmarsat's latest and most advanced Ka-band satellite 
communications service with speeds up to 15 Mbps. With IX through Satcom Direct, 
you will experience the fastest inflight internet connection available in the World 
today! JX is the first truly global satellite high-speed broadband internet, enabling 
you to stream videos, watch live television, and download large files fast - just like in 
your home or office! 
The SD Advantage 
Satcom Direct's innovative technology enhances the .IX service to function with 
maximum efficiency and effectiveness, making the best use of the connection. Our 
exclusive services, such as AeroXft, allow you to maximize your bandwidth bringing 
you the best let ConneX experience! 
Page 2 of 
this document it considered ...Nom Direct, Inc. proprietary information. produced, or distributed with 
exclusive rights to Sworn Direct, Inc. Neither this document nor its contents shall be reproduced or 
disclosed to a third party without the express written consent of Satcom Direct. Mc. 
EFTA00811351
--- PAGE 3 ---
SD satcom direct. 
Quote Date: Dec 21,2017 
Expiry Date: Jan 20, 2018 
Quote Number 
SD-10413 
Revision Number 
SD Cyber Security: Firewall 
Service Plan and Configuration: 
Cyber Security Package 
Network Coverage 
Monthly Service Price 
Inmarsat Jet ConneX 
Cyber Security and the SD Advantage for your aircraft: 
Firewall 
Satcom Direct is committed to providing business aviation with the best possible 
cyber security solutions and risk mitigation. SD's cyber security team combines 
experience and expertise, providing comprehensive solutions to help bolster your 
flight security practices —from cockpit to cabin, and beyond. 
SD Advantages 
SD Cyber Security Threat Monitoring and Firewall is an SD Pro Module which protects 
against known cyber security risks using enhanced threat analysis and prevention 
solutions, including: AntiVirus; Modem Malware Protection; Threat Intelligence. 
$795.00 
Threat intelligence and active monitoring and blocking of malicious traffic is provided 
for all customer traffic across SD's APN (Access Point Name). Our in-house network 
security experts stay ahead of evolving security threats and actively monitor network 
activity to detect and block intrusion attempts in real-time. 
Monthly Service Package 
Service Plan and Configuration: 
Monthly Service Package 
Ultimate Package Price 
Satellite Network 
Monthly Service Cost 
Ultimate Monthly Service Package and the SD Advantage for your aircraft: 
Ultimate 
Monthly Service Package Benefits 
$150.00 
2dx7 Support including Unity 
Inmarsat or ViaSat Ku 
MS Position Reporting 
Plane Simple 
Customized Auto Attendant 
Global One Number 
AeroXR' 
AeroV 
SkyTicket - All Networks' 
$150.00 
Global One IP' 
*Requires the SOR Router 
Included Benefits 
Page 3 of 7 
This document is considered Satcom Direct, Inc. proprietary Information, produced, or distributed with 
exclusive rights to Satcom Direct, Inc. Neither this document nor its contents shall be reproduced or 
disclosed to a third party without the express written consent of Sitcom Direct, Inc. 
EFTA00811352
--- PAGE 4 ---
SD satcom direct. 
Please see the following itemized pricing for one-time, monthly, annual and two-year rate plans: 
Quote Date: Dec 21,2017 
Expiry Date: Jan 20, 2018 
Quote Number 
SD-10413 
Revision Number 
Customer Aircraft Summary 
Aircraft Manufacturer 
Aircraft Type 
Serial Number 
Tail 
Gulfstream 
GSSO 
5173 
N415LM 
One-Time Service Pricing 
Service Type 
Service Price 
In-Flight Internet Activation Charges 
Inmarsat Jet ConneX Ka 
$500.00 
S50) 0) 
One-Time Service Total 
$500.00 
Wm' 
Monthly Service Pricing 
Service Type 
Monthly Service Price 
Inmarsat Jet ConneX Ka Internet 
let ConneX Ka-Band: SD-1X40.2yr-Std 
2-Year Agreement featuring discounted monthly payments 
Monthly Service Package 
Monthly Service Package: Ultimate 
$14,400.00 
$14,400.00 
$150.00 
$150.00 
Total Monthly Service Pricing 
$14,550.00 
SD Cyber Security: Firewall 
Service Type 
Cyber Security Package 
SD Cyber Security Solutions: Firewall 
Monthly Service Price 
$795.00 
$795.00 
Threat intelligence and active monitoring for all customer traffic across the SD APN (Access Point Name). Firewall protects against known cyber security 
risks using enhanced threat analysis and prevention solutions, including: Anti Virus; Modern Malware Protection; Threat Intelligence. 
Page 4 of 7 
This document Is considered Sattom Direct, Int. proprietary Intormatko, produced, a distributed with 
exclusive rights to Sitcom Direct, Inc. Nether this document nor Its contents shall be reproduced or 
disclosed to • third party without the express written consent of Sitcom Direct, Inc. 
EFTA00811353
--- PAGE 5 ---
SD PRO° 
Integrated Flight Operations Management Platform 
Keep your flight department in•sync with the aircraft. SD's revolutionary SD Pro technology compiles the critical information your flight department needs 
and displays it in real-time, all from a single login. Your flight operations team can access multiple resources from their personalized SD Pro dashboard, 
saving time and effort. Whether you have one aircraft or an entire fleet, SD Pro helps manage it better. 
• One fully integrated platform, saving time and effort 
• Web•based and scalable for different devices 
• A single access point for all of the functions listed below 
_WM 
• Syncs the aircraft with flight ops in real-time 
• Customizable interface with simple drag and drop format 
I 
7^ I 
!CM 
Sorre)-
• 7 — 
Module 
Description 
Dashboard 
Connectivity 
The dashboard is designed to be customized to fit the needs of each member of the flight department. Each team 
member can configure their personal dashboard to present them with the modules and information that are required to 
perform their duties. 
Displays connectivity status for all services, provides usage alerts and notifications, and tracks voice and data usage by 
month, flight and duration. Reports can be downloaded for offline analysis and distribution. 
Cyber Threat Monitoring 
Real-time view of network security, potential threats, identified incidents, and actions SD has taken to protect data. 
Access every feature previously only available in the FDF Portal Application for easier self-service of all configuration 
FlightDeck Freedom• (FDF) 
items, alerts, messages and notifications. Send messages to the datalink display unit, view and download historical 
datalink messages. 
SD Hardware 
Support 
Shows status of the onboard SD Hardware including available networks and connection status as it automatically 
switches between providers. Tracks device connectivity and usage, also available via the SDR mobile application. SD 
Hardware is a powerful source of aircraft data, enabling the full functionality of SD Pro. 
Access 24/7 support team, view the SD Pro Users Guide, support documents, service forms and schedule Entry Into 
Service (EIS) on•site training and technical support. 
SD Flight Tracker 
Real-time flight tracking including departures, destinations, ETA, altitude, and speed information. At-a•glance status view 
shows weather overlays including NEXRAD and worldwide satellite imagery. 
Trip Support 
Connects to Universal Weather and Aviation, Inc. trip planning and trip support services via a web•based version of 
uvGO. 
Page s of 7 
This document Isconsidered S•tcom Direct, Inc. proprietary Informatics, . prOdured, or distributed with 
exclusive rights to Sitcom Direct. Inc. Neither this document nor its contents shall be reproduced or 
disclosed to a third party without the express written content of Sitcom Direct, Inc. 
EFTA00811354
--- PAGE 6 ---
SD satcom direct. 
Quote Date: Dec 21,2017 
Expiry Date: Jan 20, 2018 
Quote Number 
SD 10413 
Revision Number 
SD Cyber Security Solutions: Firewall 
Satcom Direct views cyber security with the utmost importance and for this reason, the SD Cyber Security Solution: Firewall will automatically 
be activated with your Jet ConneX subscription for an added layer of virus/malware protection to your aircraft. You have the option to opt 
out of this cyber security protection. To opt out of this protective service, please check the opt out box and initial, affirming you do not wish 
to receive the added SD Cyber Security Solution: 
Initial:  
 I acknowledge the benefits of SD Cyber Security Solution: Firewall and wish to opt-out from this protective offering. 
Proposal Acknowledgement 
hereby certify that! am, or I am duly authorized by the Customer to sign this proposal and the information in this proposal is correct and true. 
agree that a facsimile or electronic copy hereof will be valid and binding for all purposes. In order to assist Satcom Direct; Inc. or its affiliates 
or subsidiaries (collectively, "SD") in establishing a line of credit, I authorize SD to obtain credit reports and other documentation from third 
parties! understand that SD's acceptance of this proposal is contingent upon SD's satisfaction with the credit review, and that SD may 
terminate service without further notice within thirty (30) days of this proposal if SD is not satisfied with my credit. further understand and 
agree that, except as otherwise agreed by SD in writing, the Services and/or Equipment requested in this proposal will be provided by SD 
pursuant to the SD Terms and Conditions (as amended from time to time) available at: 
O
I hove read and understand and agree to comply with the above Terms and Conditions. l am authorized to sign this agreement on 
behalf of the Customer. 
Printed Name and Title 
Signature 
Date 
Page 6 of 7 
This document is considered Sefton. Direct, Inc proprietary informstion, produced, or distributed with 
exclusive rights to Satcom Direct, Inc. Neither this document nor its contents shall be reproduced or 
disclosed to a third party without the express written consent of Satcom Direct, Inc. 
EFTA00811355
--- PAGE 7 ---
SD satcom direct. 
Quote Date: Dec 21,2017 
Expiry Date: Jan 20, 2018 
Quote Number 
SD-10413 
Revision Number 
Activation 
All activations will be completed after the receipt of an online customer service agreement (CSA); to be provided separately. The online CSA captures critical activation 
data, such as technical spec for the onboard hardware. 
Special Note: Iridium with Aircell SIM Cards 
A Subscriber Service Agreement (SSA) will be requested from Aircell by SD. Upon receiving this form, please select SD as the Billing Agent. This will enable you to have 
a Global One Number, a Plane Simple account for managing your aircraft, and 24/7 Support. 
Contact Information 
Regional Sales Manager 
Thomas Carling 
Southeast Sales Manager 
Inside Sales Representative 
Steven West 
Southeast Sales 
Page 7 of 7 
Satcom Direct Headquarters 
1050 Satcom Lane 
Melbourne, FL 32940 
United States of America 
This document is considered Satcom Direct, Inc proprietary information, produced, or distributed with 
exclusive rights to Satcom Direct, Inc. Neither this document nor its contents shall be reproduced or 
disclosed toe third party without the express written consent of Satcom Direct. Int. 
EFTA00811356

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811357.pdf
----------------------------------------
CARIBBEAN CONTRACTORS 
SUPPLIES, INC. 
ATLANTIC STATE 
PLANTS PROPOSAL 
PUERTO RICO 
LS1 / GSJ 
2/28/18 
COCONUT PALM TREE INVENTORY 
CLEMENTE'S NURSERY 
2/28/18 
CLEAR BARE TRUNK SIZES 
OVERALL LENGTH 
IN STOCK 
SALE PRICE 
COMMENTS 
20' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
35'- 38' 
$1,895.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
17' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
32'- 35' 
$1,800.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
16' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
30' - 34' 
$1,675.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
15' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
29' - 33' 
$1,550.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
12' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
25' - 27' 
$1,450.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
11' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
24' - 26' 
$1,350.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
10' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
23' - 25' 
$1,225.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
8' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
21' - 23' 
$1,100.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
7' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
20' - 22' 
$975.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
5' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
16' - 18' 
$850.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
4' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
15' - 16' 
$750.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
3' CLEAR BARE TRUNK 
13' - 15' 
$675.00 FOB EX WORKS & LOADED ONTO FLAT RACKS 
COCONUT PALM TREES TOTALS 
EFTA00811357

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811358.pdf
----------------------------------------
_E=V- DODSON 
e
INTERNATIONAL PARTS 
2155 Vermont Rd. 
Rantotn 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Bill To: 
PLAN D LLC 
6100 RED HOOK 
QUARTER B3 
St Thomas, VI 00802 
USA 
Attention: PETE RAWSON 
Thank You! 
We Appreciate Your Business! 
Please Visit Us at Dodson.com 
ORDER DATE: 
SHIP DATE: 
CUSTOMER PO#: 
SALES ORDER#: 
CUSTOMER#: 
TERMS: 
SHIPMENT#: 
09/18/2018 
09/18/18 
VERBAL/PETE 
182343 
PLAND 
Wire Transfer 
Item# Part Number 
Ship To: 
PLAN D LLC 
C/O ATLANTIC AVIATION 
3800 SOUTHERN BLVD 
SUITE 204 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
USA 
INVOICE 
INVOICE#: 
S-81009 
Salesperson: 
Dave Tripp 
Invoice Date : 
09/18/18 
Page 1 of 1 
SHIP VIA: 
SHIP ON ACCT: 
AIRBILL#: 
FOB: 
WEIGHT: 
BOXES: 
PHONE 
FAX 
To Be Determined 
RANTOUL 
973-879-2060 
Ordered Shipped CD UM Unit Price 
Total 
7028140.901 
DISPLAY UNIT, FLAT PANEL 
Serial Number: 04020573 Barcode: 6873203 
Thank you for your order 
ATTN: Restocking lee of 15% may be applied to all returns. Contact Salesman kr RMA# PRIOR to returning prepaidinsure 
for full value and mckido RMA on outside of box. with invoice enclosed. NO RETURNS AFTER 30 DAYS. The company 
reserves the right to add interest at a rate of 12%. calection fees. and NSTbank fees on anylail insufficient fund payments or 
uncollectedtpast due accounts. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED AS TO THE AIRWORTHINESS 
OF ANY ITEM. A licensed mechanic shoild inspect and install al pans. We accept no responsibility for violations of the 
U.S. Dept of State or U.S. Dept of Commerce regulations relating to the exportation of any parts without the proper 
export licenses. It is the buyers responsibility to obtain such licenses as required by U.S. Govt regulations. 
Authorized Signature: 
DaveT 
AR EA 
$80.000.00 
$80,000.00 
Item Total 
$80,000.00 
Tax 
$0.00 
Handling Charge 
$0.00 
Misc Charge 
$0.00 
FREIGHT CHARGE 
$0.00 
Total to Pay 
$80,000.00 
EFTA00811358

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811359.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00811359

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811360.pdf
----------------------------------------
bgC3 Trip Report: Tel Aviv (August 20-22, 2017) 
Key takeaways 
• 
Advances in immunology and hyperbarics may hold promise in the diagnosis and management 
of chronic and degenerative disease. 
• 
Focused sources of physical energy can be complementary tools in the detection and treatment 
of disease. 
• 
Cognitive decline may best be understood in the context of natural aging and many approaches 
to brain health are being targeted — and individualized — across the full life span. 
• 
Israel's unique geopolitical landscape provides start-up founders cross-disciplinary experiences, 
including the IDF, to build new technologies and approaches. 
Background 
Last week, Drs. Gilla Kaplan (BMGF), Niranjan Bose and 
traveled to Tel Aviv to 
• 
Learn more about the life sciences technology landscape in Israel 
• 
Identify life science and other technologies or emerging practices with potential for scale and/or 
widespread adoption 
• 
Validate the most promising of these technologies or practices, especially those with 
neuroscience application 
Israel has a strong tradition of putting science and technology at the forefront of its economic 
development. The country invests 4%-5% of its GDP on R&D each year, which is the highest rate in the 
world, and has developed leadership in terms of scientists, engineers and patents per capita. Despite its 
small size, Israel has become an important center for innovation and has a proven track record in fields 
such as computer science, navigation, nanotechnology, and brain research. 
Recommendations 
• 
There are a few groups pursuing extremely interesting approaches towards AD and 
neurodegeneration 
• 
Foundation and bgC3 should continue to watch the landscape of companies and technologies 
emerging out of Israel and find a way to stay engaged 
• 
There might be great value in planning a 1 day visit for Bill when he is in the region or curating a 
set of learning/science sessions in Europe with some of the Israeli companies 
EFTA00811360
--- PAGE 2 ---
Academic Highlights 
Immune Gatekeeping in Aging and Degenerative Disease 
Dr. Michael Schwartz Lab: http://www.weizmann.ac.il/neurobiologv/labs/schwartz/ 
Can immunotherapy treat neurodegeneration? Dr. Schwartz has a notable research background and in 
the last decade has refocused her lab around harnessing the immune system to combat Alzheimer's 
disease and age-related dementia — specifically in the potential use of immune checkpoint blockade. 
Milestones in her studies that have led to this conclusion include: 
1. Circulating immune cells support brain plasticity and repair 
2. The brain's choroid plexus epithelium —a permissive gateway to the brain 
3. Under brain pathologies the gateway (communication) is malfunctioning 
4. Immune checkpoint blockade for fighting against Alzheimer's disease 
These findings (and more) have led to the conclusion that reversing the age-related signature of the 
aging choroid plexus restores brain function and microglial function. 
Her current "neuro-
immunotherapeutic" direction includes the development of anti-PD-L1 as the first generation of 
immunotherapy to combat Alzheimer's disease, and searching for novel CNS specific checkpoint targets 
as the second generation of immunotherapy. They are specifically going after discovering novel 
antibodies in partnership with Lundbeck. 
Cellular Rejuvenation Therapy and Biomarker Development 
Dr. Shai Efrati Lab: http://www.assafh.org/sites/en/clinic/Hifrbaric/Pages/default.aspx 
Hyperbaric medicine was originally conceptualized to ameliorate the effects of air embolism in deep 
water divers. Dr. Efrati is proposing new indications for this technology, based on the premise that an 
immediate and sustained healing response — for all tissues — is stimulated during the temporal delta 
when dropping oxygen concentration from 100% to ambient levels under high pressure. This reduction 
in oxygen concentration (rather than an absolute) promotes the production of a number of measurable 
factors associated with wound healing and cellular rejuvenation. He now seeks to classify and validate 
the biomarkers he has identified in order to scale the concept and expand the indications for HBOT 
(hyperbaric oxygen therapy). 
Dr. Efrati and his lab partners at Tel Aviv University have proven that HBOT can induce neuroplasticity in 
stroke and traumatic brain injuries even years after an acute incident, and also reverse early cognitive 
decline. However since he is the only lab in the world applying the technology in this way, he has 
struggled to gain the momentum required to take this concept to greater scale. Despite this, he 
continues to treat hundreds of patients per day and has a waiting list of more than 10,000 people. 
EFTA00811361
--- PAGE 3 ---
Companies 
MyndYou 
Concept 
Voice recognition of cognitive decline 
Stage 
R&D; raised $320K till date 
Contact 
http://www.myndyou.com/ 
Ruth Baruchi, Founder and CEO (ruthtaimvndvou.com) 
Notes 
MyndYou is developing a mobile platform for monitoring patients with cognitive decline, 
based on participation, speech and language patterns. The platform collects and analyzes 
passive cognitive and behavioral data in order to generate actionable insights for 
therapists — with algorithms informed by longitudinal (youtube) videos of public figures 
with known cognitive decline. 
SipNose 
Concept 
Nasal drug delivery device 
Stage 
Clinical Trial 
Contact 
https://www.sipnose.com/ 
Iris Schichor, Founder and CEO (iris@sipnose.com) 
Notes 
SipNose (nasal drug delivery device): SipNose focuses on nose-to-brain medical 
applications and is developing a nasal delivery platform for local, systemic, and central 
nervous system indications that bypasses the blood-brain barrier. SipNose's intranasal 
drug delivery platform uses a mechanism that can improve efficacy, patient compliance, 
and safety. SipNose's noninvasive devices ensure accurate dose delivery via the nasal 
cavity and incorporate a simple, efficient mechanism to allow localization of the 
aerosolized drug in the olfactory epithelium, resulting in better absorption to the olfactory 
bulb and brain. Currently under investigation using midazolam, cannabis, and topiramate 
but fit for chemo, protein drugs and biologicals. The founder is a former post-doc in Dr. 
Langer's laboratory. 
ContinUse 
Concept 
Nanoscale resolution contactless biometrics 
Stage 
R&D. Founded in Q12015 and have raised $7.2 million in equity. The product will likely 
enter commercial markets through a partnership with Motorola with a price point of $30 
additional per device at scale. Engaged in a technical partnership with GE as well. 
Contact 
https://www.cu-bx.com/ 
Asher Polani, co-founder and CEO (asher.polani@cu-bx.com) 
Notes 
ContinUse has developed a remote, contactless biometrics based on mechanical 
oscillations — basically a remote optical stethoscope. The company's sensor performs 
active and continuous biometrics, scanning a distance of up to several hundred meters. 
The sensor is based on nanotechnology that detects molecular vibration and is unaffected 
by clothing or other physical conditions. ContinUse currently measures over 20 
bioparameters at nanoscale resolution (heart rate, respiration rate, blood pressure, 
glucose levels, alcohol levels, etc.) — albeit indirectly. There is an appetite to develop 
beyond — into coagulation or pathologic states. 
EFTA00811362
--- PAGE 4 ---
Breezometer 
Concept 
I Real time hyperlocal air quality management platform 
Stage 
Released. Company has raised $5 million to date. 
Contact 
https://breezometer.com/ 
Ran Korber, co-founder and CEO (rank(a@breezometer.com) 
Notes 
BreezoMeter utilizes big-data infrastructure to continuously gather air quality and 
weather measurements from thousands of sources (e.g., satellites, weather, traffic, and 
monitoring stations). They do not deploy any of their own sensors. The collected data is 
processed through algorithms to provide air quality information with hyperlocal street-
level accuracy in more than 24,000 cities. BreezoMeter also provides personalized health 
solutions for adults and children, athletes, and people with health sensitivities. Propellor 
health (US based health focused company) is powered by Breezometer data. 
Somatix 
Concept 
Hand gesture-based behavioral analytic platform 
Stage 
Beta 
Contact 
http://somatix.com/ 
Eran Ofer, co-founder and CEO erar
)
.natix.com 
Notes 
Somatix develops data-integrated behavioral health therapies. The company's technology 
utilizes sensors in smartwatches and wristbands to enable real-time measurement of 
smoking, drinking, eating, and other hand-to-mouth gestures (tremor, bradykinesia, 
medication compliance). The data can then be mined for interpretations and applications 
for both individual and healthcare enterprise clients. 
Intendu 
Concept 
Adaptive gaming platform for cognitive training 
Stage 
Beta 
Contact 
http://www.intendu.com 
Nimrod Madar, founder and CEO (nimrod@intendu.com) 
Notes 
The Intendu solution is based on body-controlled, adaptive videogames. The games 
include interaction with characters and using natural body gestures within functional 
environments. The Intendu training platform provides real-time personalization through 
games targeting cognitive function. The platform has been tested in populations with 
cognitive impairments due to various brain conditions including cognitive decline. 
More 
Intendu Functional Brain Trainer - Intro Video 
ElMinda 
Concept 
EEG-based high resolution functional map of the brain 
Stage 
Released 
Contact 
http://www.elminda.com 
Ronen Gadot, CEO and founder (ronen@elminda.com) 
Notes 
ElMindA's BNA technology is based on noninvasive recordings of multi-channel, EEG 
event-related potentials. ElMindA developed the Brain Networks Activation (BNA) 
platform, which provides high-resolution visualization and evaluation of the complex 
neuro-physiological interconnections of the human brain. The platform captures 
information on the composition, connectivity, synchronization, and operation of brain 
networks. Applications broadly for neurologic pathology. 
EFTA00811363
--- PAGE 5 ---
BrighTap 
Concept 
Smart water meter 
Stage 
R&D (prototype development) 
Contact 
http://www.brightao.com/ 
Konstantin Berezin, founder and CEO (konstantm@bwareit.com) 
Notes 
The BrighTap is smart water meter that attaches to any water tap, pipe, or hose. BrighTap 
provides water-quality and consumed-water quantity data (water quality index, 
liters/gallons, temperature, costs, etc.) on the product's display. BrighTap combines its in-
house-developed analytic algorithm and turbine technology to measure water flow with a 
+/- 4% margin of error. This data can be tracked via the associated app. 
EarlySense 
Concept 
Contactless biometric product 
Stage 
Released 
Contact 
http://www.earlvsense.com 
Avner Halperin, founder and CEO (AvnerH@earlysense.com) 
Notes 
Using data from 400,000 patients and > 100 million monitoring hours, EarlySense has 
developed a continuous, contact-free monitoring solution designed to enhance safety and 
reduce risk for general care patients. EarlySense can be used by hospitals, healthcare 
systems, integrated delivery networks, and rehabilitation centers. Based on piezoelectric 
principles and placed under a mattress or chair cushion. Super exciting ovulation-tracking 
product to be released next month. See supplemental reading (document) on ROI. 
More 
Purchase product on Amazon 
BrainQ 
Concept 
Contactless biometric product 
Stage 
Clinical trial 
Contact 
http://www.braina.co/ 
Yotam Dreschler, CEO (Yotam@brainqtech.com) 
Notes 
BrainQ is a clinical-stage medical technology company that aims to significantly improve 
recovery from a wide variety of neurological disorders using non-invasive means. Their 
technology is personalized from EEG and other imaging and electrodiagnostics and 
delivers 0.5 gauss of focused electromagnetic stimulation to repair the neural networks at 
the site of injury. Data shown from patient videos and imaging demonstrates regrowth of 
spinal cord and brain pathology. 
BrainMarc 
Concept 
Wearable EEG-based cognitive training platform 
Stage 
Clinical trial 
Contact 
http://www.brainmarc.com/ 
Sefi Epel, co-founder and CEO (sefi@brainmarc.com) 
Notes 
BrainMARC has developed an EEG platform for monitoring mental activity compatible 
with off-the shelf devices. The company's biomarkers are applicable to a wide spectrum of 
neuropsychiatric syndromes where they can enhance therapeutic protocols, predict 
clinical dynamics, and promote general wellness. The first mobile health tools that 
BrainMARC developed based on its platform technology are the Brain Engagement 
Monitor (BEM), which measures attention-related performance biomarkers, and a 
EFTA00811364
--- PAGE 6 ---
Comfort Monitor (CM), which measures affect-related biomarkers. The BEM uses the 
Brain Engagement and Focus Events indices to provide real-time feedback regarding the 
effectiveness of treatment, whether pharmaceutical, electromagnetic, behavioral, or 
other for a variety of dysfunctions. The CM uses the Comfort and Comfort Tendency 
indices to provide real-time feedback regarding levels of stress, interest/memorization, 
and enjoyment. It can be used to assess the effectiveness of stress-reduction treatments 
for anxiety and migraine, as well as evaluate viewer responses to media clips. 
Companies Not Visited, Worth a Second Look 
Life Sciences 
Tissue Dynamics 
Lab on a chip 
Polypid 
Encapsulated drug delivery 
Sonorame 
Soundwave diagnostics 
Protekt 
Memory-enhancing therapeutic (Takeda/FutureRx) 
RetiSpec 
Retinal Alzheimer diagnostics 
Oramed Pharmaceuticals 
Injectable to oral therapy tech 
Treato 
Health data / social portal 
Aidoc 
Al radiology 
Zebra Medical Vision 
Al radiology 
Brainvivo 
MRI neuromarkers 
Valera Health 
Insurance-mining and compliance algorithms 
Myndlift 
Personalized neurofeedback 
Adaptive Technologies 
Sesame Enable 
Tablet-based tracking and communications tech 
Physical Sciences 
Sensilize 
Precision agriculture 
SolCold 
Solar-powered cooling (no electricity/CO2 emissions) 
StoreDot 
Amino acid-based nanodot flash batteries 
Supplemental Reading 
• 
Dr. Michal Schwartz short summary (larger document available...) 
• 
Return on Investment on clinical monitoring 
EFTA00811365

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811366.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tropical 
Tropical Shipping and Construction 
Company Limited 
SHIPPING 
BILL OF LADING 
TSCIV 12877668 
Page I of I 
NON-NEGOTIABLE 
100913271 
Liu I.\ (.001) PROIM 1.1 
: kith 1 KO 117.25 
HO '10 I. 
ANA DIAL PR 00795 
NI'l'EU STATES 
EXPORT REFERENCES 
EXPRESS RELEASE 
:. oNSIGNEFTNOT NEGOTIABLE UNLESSCOSSIGNED /CORDER) 
/00064506 
I.SJL LLC 
6100 REDHOOK QUARTER 
CHARI.O1TE AMAI.IE 00302 
‘ rnioroAs. USVI 
FORWARDING AGENEFMC Na 
NOTIFY PARTY 
ALSONOTIFY:ROUTINGINSTRUCTIONS 
i XPORTINGCARPJElek NO. 
in PARTING: TROPIC EXPRESS • 1089 
WAIVING: 
TROPIC EXPRESS • 1089 
EDA: 12,24/2017 
PRECARRIAGE BY 
PLACEOF RECEIPT* 
PORT OP LOADING 
PUERTO NUEVO SEAPORT (SAN JUAN. PU 
FORT OP DISCHARGE 
CROWN BAY SEAPORT (ST THOMAS) 
PLACE OF DEO VERY BY ONCARRIER• 
I POINT AND COUNTRY OP ORIGIN OP GOODS 
PARTICULARSFURNISHEDBY SHIPPER 
mxRKS & NBRSCONTAINER 
NUMBER HAZ 
DESCRIPTION Of PACKAGESGOODS 
GROSS WEIGHT 
MEASUREMENT 
NaRS WSEAL NUMBERS 
Of PKGS. 
LBS 
KG 
CF 
CM 
SHIPMENT NO 7324589 
20ST REEFER 
TTRU3809250 
UNIT(S) ORNAMENTAL PLANTS 
35083 15913 
900.0 
25.485 
831334 
TOTAL 35083 15913 
900.0 
25.485 
TEMP FRONT 75 
CLAUSES 
SHIPPER'S CUBE. 
SHIPPER'S WEIGHT. 
AES X20171222628873 
TEMPERATURES) WILL BE MAINTAINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CARRIER'S GOVERNING TARIFF OF APPLICABILITY. 
SHIPPER'S LOAD, STOW, COUNT, WEIGHT AND SEAL, TEMP. SET BY SHIPPER AT 75 DEGREES FAHRENHEIT. 
INSURED VALUE 
FREIGHT PAYABLE AtITY 
ST THOMAS. USVI 
/ LSJE,LLC 
X IMRE APPLICABLE THESE COMMODIIIPS.TECIINOLOGY OR SOFTWARE WERE 
EXPORTED FROM THE UNITED STATES FOR LLIWATE DESTINATION iAD(WEi D. 
ACCORDANCE WITH DIE ERMA', ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS. DIVERSION 
CONTRARY 10 0.5. LAW IS PROHIBITED 
CHARGE DESCRI PESO!, 
PREPAID I USDI 
COLLEZ7 
I 
. i 
• APPLICABLE ONE Y WHIN UTILIZID POI COMOMD TRANSPORT 
IttWati I, IN: I. &O.,  In IEV RHE't ..*(9•KO D.31 ctikr Ta:a44”:(Iolasolifn.Ke on.1 
Fa no De will toren a geseedy /4 ( ann.. 
te NU guAse 01 lell. atm, 
'haw mow., 
Conn lie iln ( anon Mona' fw tom. oslonitone..ADe < an teen Ot Pat et 'Inver 
RIchno•AR1.1...k•OnOphotte ink Om of IlsclerP, L.OD: Mt, a DM ,,, ? , .0. ...no
r e ' ";!".7.7"1"..”„tatam."=.t17 11,017°....ZICTZ:',"..4.m."471, 
Win. 4.,rtnin.ok (an. , In WI ri r:tt is NI.144 Lllist Madan capre,4 tii:/. s aril 
dials
.
A if ...nu ani ondomna vigil. mew. osnpal. num o mth.n. nip
arrp.Omouln. 
*a gnentroo ot do KO tt Lola/ N Oc S.E.tdon. 
IN WITNESS WIILIUDE arahrs a metalHasW. Lull. anal ham, leva Iva, meal ma: oil 
ban$ ocon0.4.1Idnocpeof t... O[ tunas the ala atalv .6.,....4 
FORCARRIER 
lt, I.. 
ii. 
will. 
ALL CAARL•01 IS SUBJECT TO THE HOE TERMS AND COSIXTIONS.AVAILABLE AT 
WWWIROIPICALOOM OR ATCARRIER'S LOCAL OFIICE. 
DATEOf ISSUANCE 
12(26/2017 
I 
NO. Of ORIGINAL B:14S) SIGNED 
VoYmii. DATF. 
12(23/2017 
Printed: 12/26/2017 I I: I 9:32 
EFTA00811366

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811367.pdf
----------------------------------------
900$ 
gym 
$900 
200$ 
124$ 
65$ vestal? 
phone 
}$389 
400$ 
Women stuff (facial, nails other) 
$400 
300$ 
Thanksgiving (school and girls) 
$300 
350$ 
Birthaday gift 
$350 
600$ 
Shoes 
$600 
5$ 
9$ 
2.50$ 
3.25$ 
6$ 
4$ 
11$ 
7$ 
7.62$ 
3$ 
5$ 
6$ 
6$ 
3$ 
6$ 
5$ 
5$ 
3$ 
3$ 
School coffee 
}$100 
400$ 
wholefoods 
$400 
100$ 
24$ 
120$ vitamins 
pharmacy 
}270 
EFTA00811367
--- PAGE 2 ---
25$ 
160$+ 
72$ 
Home depot 
}232 
-326$(4 dec) 
-83$(11 dec) 
32$ 
86$ 
17$ 
88$ 
317$ 
24$ 
60$ 
54$ 
30$ 
5$ 
30$ 
33$ 
20$ 
30$ 
20$ 
86$ 
28$ 
15$ 
55$ 
160$ 
45$ 
Amazon 
}1,644 
30$ 
6$ 
3$ 
20$ 
25$ 
App 
)$302 
EFTA00811368
--- PAGE 3 ---
10$ 
25$ 
2$ 
30$ 
11$ 
13$ 
3$ 
30$ grammarly 
60$ grammarly 
??wtf 
30$ 
4$ movie 
68$ 
40$ 
35$ 
27$ 
25$ 
30$ 
30$ 
40$ 
52$ 
42$ 
36$ 
42$ 
40$ 
70$ 
51$ 
22$ 
23$ 
12$ 
24$ 
Dinner 
}$728 
Taxi 
}$816.92 
EFTA00811369
--- PAGE 4 ---
10$ 
22$ 
23$ 
11$ 
14$ 
16$ 
14$ 
7$ 
13$ 
8$ 
14$ 
11$ 
76.59$(6 dec) 
18$ 
13$ 
10$ 
24.07$ 
14$ 
14$ 
22$ 
21$ 
23$ 
21$ 
25$ 
13$ 
22$ 
23$ 
13$ 
21$ 
10$ 
10$ 
Lyft 
EFTA00811370
--- PAGE 5 ---
17$ 
10$ 
10$ 
14$ 
27$ 
22.25$ 
10$ 
77$ 
14$ 
Uber 
75$(8 dec) 
4$ 
Columbia university 
}$80 
60$ 
Museum course 
$60 
50$ 
FIT admission fee 
$50 
200$ 
TOEFL 
$200 
6$ 
5$ 
4$ 
10$ 
6$ 
8$ 
7$ 
4$ 
7$ 
10$ 
9$ 
3$ 
2,17$ 
3$ 
7$ 
10$ 
7$ 
WTF (coffee ???) 
}$208 
EFTA00811371
--- PAGE 6 ---
7$ 
12$ 
3$ 
5$ 
5$ 
3$ 
7$ 
7$ 
6$ 
9$ 
9$ 
10$ 
7$ 
9$ 
20$ 
46$ 
8$ 
17$ 
20$ 
17$ 
22$ 
SAN AMBROEUSE 
}$159 
100$ 
BDAY 
$100 
21$ 
86$ 
160$ 
TJMAXX 
}267 
17$ 
17$ 
8$ 
20$ 
8$ 
10$ 
BREAKFAST/ LUNCH 
}.$35J
EFTA00811372
--- PAGE 7 ---
30$ 
24$ 
15$ 
30$ 
10$ 
25$ 
21$ 
20$ 
30$ 
22$ 
25$ 
21$ 
45$ 
Cinema 
}$117 
22$ 
40$ 
10$ 
15$ 
fee 
$15 
50$ 
Jet blue 
}$100 
50$?? 
5$ 
Bed bath and beyond 
}$230 
32$ 
78$ 
100$ 
15$ 
32$ 
stapeles 
$32 
280$ 
Show with 
$280 
64$ 
Apple store 
$64 
90$ 
zara 
$90 
130$ 
Theatre 
$130 
70$ 
Pants 
$70 
117$ 
Task rabbit general assembly 
$117 
EFTA00811373
--- PAGE 8 ---
226$??? 
TWC Time warner NYC 
$226 
500$ 
Tattoo removal 
$500 
$10,879.92 
Food: totally 1,948 
Amazon ?? 
EFTA00811374

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811375.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00811375

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811376.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00811376

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811377.pdf
----------------------------------------
! 
EFTA00811377

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811378.pdf
----------------------------------------
USG 
EFTA00811378

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811379.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00811379

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811380.pdf
----------------------------------------
Next 
Consolidated Cash 
Cash Position as of Feb 22. 2018 
Local currency 
Exchange Rate 
US Dollars 
US 
$ 2,870,175 
$ 2,870,174.88 
UK 
£ 
3,253,075 
1.39 
$ 4,521,774.25 
France 
€ 
626,266 
1.23 
$ 
770,307.18 
Italy 
212 Division 
$ 
55,576 
$ 
55,575.51 
Metier 
$ 
153,384 
$ 
153,384.00 
Total 
$ 8,371,215.82 
EFTA00811380

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811381.pdf
----------------------------------------
CROWN BAY MARINA 
Hurricane Irma Repair Estimate by Ketih Pomeroy, PFPE & Fran Woods, Meridian L.P. 
See Crown Bay Marina Hurricane Damage Evaluation 10 Jan, 2018 by Paul Ferreras, PE 
MV Culebra II 
9,282 
45' Sailboat 
55,549 
Seatow 40' 
347 
Carabena 
375,959 
LS1 1 
123,585 
Run Aweigh 
1,642 
Morningstar/ Evening Star 
239,947 
MV Skyfall 2.0 
136,644 
Cruz Bay 1 
2,242 
Sub-total 
945,197 
Contingency 
20% 
189,039 
Direct cost 
1,134,236 
Construction Managers Fee 
33,082 
Construction Supervision 
60,000 
Total 
1,227,318 
EFTA00811381
--- PAGE 2 ---
COST ANALYSIS SHEET 
Project 
CROWN BAY MARINA RECONSTRUCTION 
Date: 
c", sion no 
LABOR 
MATERIAL 
EQUIPMENT 
SUB 
TOTAL COST 
DESCRIPTION 
QUANTITY 
UNIT 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
TRADES 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
L511 landing Craft 
B Dock 3-5 
120' 
Finger Pier ea 
72' 
Demolition 
LS 
15000 
15,000 
Dolphin Pilings 3-4 
ea 
30000 
5000 
30.000 
Replace Steel Piles 
ea 
6,000 
Rebuild Finger Pier 
section 
11500 
11500 
5000 
5,000 
16,500 
Pile Cap 
ea 
5000 
5,000 
5.000 
Repair Bulk Head 
II 
250 
14000 
150 
8400 
100 
5600 
500 
28,000 
Side Walk Repair 
336 
sq.ft. 
3,360 
SUBTOTAL 
14000 
19900 
5600 
97.860 
OVERHEAD 
10% 
9.786 
FEE 
10% 
9.786 
BOND COST 
n/a 
GROSS RECEIPTS TAX 
5% 
6.153 
OTHER 
TOTAL COST 
123,585 
1/74/2018 
EFTA00811382

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811383.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
Dale 
19= 
1.Oe.2. 
Aircraft Make 
and Model 
Mock 
Ida*amaze Mark 
Points of Departure & Arrival 
Mies 
Flown Fin 
No. 
ROMINtaw Protean , . 
kilastauver& Endorsements 
Number 
Landkrgs 
Aircraft Ca agorY-
From 
To 
of 
IR PIMA: CrWrAlt 
146-LIC 
Oki& 
r.krI 
Ii 
.,., 
a1-3 
I i.) 
6.._ 
B 
cs- 
GI, .. .• ,caste zupilas_rAvey.,
I 
it 
it 
Cest-35 
Ec13 
2-4,A,Lcourwrizeat_p,vsiato 
4) 
it 
, t 
LFPG 
fi-• IC 
TC: 2 li2,2"v 4'c't..P677
I 
tt 
1, 
,, 
f 1( 
3-, i fer
n & 
' 
B 
-  r
:10 Net b C1-3-C. P6 
T3
. ic ,./
Ten, AND ea*,
*).. 
ruff Les 
- IS 
C 
I 
CB 
fiCn 
i 
i.TelrS1Kutf 
li 
t% 
BED 
T&6 
1si zetts\ wiry LE..-.0a5 
1O 
u 
1-&_13 
IT_ST 
■ r it„beL, t 
t"
 Pt 
GS
IS 
t, 
-UST 
f•-i.)- 
im 
Sc-_-,S ,Pppsou.: Le..tn,..1.10,
I, 
G 
:1.1 
.. -leo to 
• c 02,-car . 
tic 
Lvn2
\36 6 V11-(1-ts c i  ' Lvka. 31,am, 
nri_ 
,, 
, , 
Li71),2_ 
ID& 
131 Ilt 4 fr rav,r,
j/Tat.Ate
n ,,, ‘,,,,,Vi 
/ 
s i 
IL 
II
°GBP,- 
(-40- 
_ FL NO V ' 
•D 
vw5u 
c 
A-
'7(a- 
I  
h) 
4g. Li -Celt 
- 
)4 
t 
Li 
I t 
1( 
NP5 -: 
1-Mtde • 
c SAM& AS Agds./c- La5 
cla I 0 . 
Us • 
5 
%( 
,-1 '-(K 
Fo.mP) ■ 
Lb 
rem. 
LW MO Ngrnzi.re 
e l 
if 
t, 
fC9  AFT 
Aor 
Li cram - 
Amore,-
I 
Ti 
i s
,/ 
fr.) eT 
ENTS 
■ 
'4,P'fi'fr ais--41A -giv`tc. LLZ,4; ' se. ' ir-
2. 
• 
9..2 
It 
I i 
-pcs 
ei->tc-r 
■
lie s 41,,, A t pl
o.21fle tfcr45 &Wte fl'irrrii 
a. O 
7.9 
., 
, , 
(A ,--r 
1')Gpir,; 
cn 
4O4 
l) :DI :Senjer."Iilii.i 
a 
G . 
asi 
t l. 
I, 
OG611-p -
LerS 
itt, 
.).11e, RS ,Votifr 
I 
I Cm* 
Moil 
Mat Me stetamentimad0 brim An 
c---L) e 'lel 
Stemma 
. 
. 
INS brill ME WL
l._ 
• 
• 
l
e-.2-_-• 
PfiriOii 
Page Total 
Si / lo 
ba. 
Amount Farmed 
6S53
194 
\ 
' 
I 
I I 
Total to nolo 
eS se 
6.3..bi., 
Wilo (::, 
Hi 
EFTA00811383

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811384.pdf
----------------------------------------
CI Gold Coast Yachts, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2019. 
Revised 23-Jan-2019 by KC 
EFTA00811384

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811385.pdf
----------------------------------------
GC44P 
Crew Boat 
Concept 2 
SPECIFICATIONS 
Length 
gr 
44..0. 
16,0' 
°tan 
Passengers 
sewoO 
monolog 
Li 
r • 
krf 
•5 
1 
• 
I 
6* 
OD Gold Coast Yachts. Inc. NI ROMs Reserved. Copyrighl 2019. 
Revlaed 5-Feb-2019 by TN 
EFTA00811385

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811386.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811386.pdf
----------------------------------------
GC44P 
Crew Boat 
rte-  
Concept 3 
- r 
— — 
I 
Le 
j_L 
e 
sO 
a 
C 
SPECIFICATIONS 
Length 
Beam 
18%0' 
Draft 
3•-6-
Passengers 
seated 
standing 
Gold Coast Yachts. Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2019. 
Revised 5-Feb-2019 by TN 
EFTA00811386

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811387.pdf
----------------------------------------
GC44P 
Crew Boat 
Concept 4 
SPECIFICATIONS 
Length 
42.0c 
Beam 
12.2 
Draft 
3, 6' 
Passengers 
seated 
standing 
I 
I 
4' 
8' 
Cask' Coast Yachts. Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2019. 
Revised 5.Feb.2019 by TN 
EFTA00811387

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811388.pdf
----------------------------------------
Edward Rod-Larsen 
Dear Ms. Kim, 
I am writing to you to apply for a work experience position within fine art at Christies, in London. 
I was informed of this possibility by Mr. Epstein. I am seventeen years old (turning 18 this 
summer). I am currently studying my A levels at Collingham College, taking Art, History of Art 
and Religious Studies. I have previously studied at the Stowe School in Buckingham and the 
Browning School in New York City. 
I have a very strong interest in art, both as an artist and an art historian. I intend to pursue History of 
Art at university and gain a Bachelor degree at Courtauld University or New York University. My 
goal in the future is to have a career within the art world as a curator, art dealer or gallerist. 
I demonstrated good academic ability in my Religious Studies and English GCSE exam achieving 
an A grade in both. In addition I was a member of the debating society at Stowe, leading my House 
in the house debating competition. Two of my art works were recently exhibited at the Royal 
College Of Art six form college competition. 
I am extremely interested in both classic and contemporary art and I follow the contemporary art 
world closely. Humanities are my speciality and I feel I really enjoy and excel at it. However, I also 
find the business side of the Art world extremely interesting. I have a very comprehensive 
knowledge of IT and feel my communication and social skills are excellent. 
I have cultural and social experience from living in different countries as I am a Norwegian citizen 
and have moved around a lot because of my mother's diplomatic postings in Israel, New York, Oslo 
and she is currently the Norwegian Ambassador in London. I speak fluent English and Norwegian. 
I hope to learn the basic ropes of working in a gallery and I feel Christies would be the perfect place 
for me to develop and learn. I hope you take my application into consideration. 
Kind regards, 
Edward Rod-Larsen 
EFTA00811388

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811389.pdf
----------------------------------------
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC 
STEVE ROADRUCK 
12887 PLUMMER GRANT ROAD 
TELEPHONE: 
PRESIDENT 
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32258 
(904) 802-0743 
EMAIL: 
FAX: 
(904) 802-0753 
03/28/19 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
R-58-19 
Grimston & Dick 
INVOICE 
03/28/19 Due Diligence Search. 
Total Hours: 2 X $150.00 
Expenses: See Receipt. 
Total Amount due: $300.00 
$300.00 
Please send payment to the address on the letterhead as I am now using 
this address for all correspondence. 
Steve Roadruq 
President 
EFTA00811389
--- PAGE 2 ---
3/28/2019 
Pennsylvania Access To Criminal History - Record Check Status Petals 
Acting Commissioner Robert Evanchick 
Home 
Record Check Details 
Record Check 
Gov. Thomas W Wolf 
Help 
This screen displays the details of a particular record check request. The review process for this request will take 
approximately 2 - 3 weeks from the date of request. Please check back then:to view an updated status. To 
view/print the invoice associated with this record check request just click on the invoice number hyperlink. To 
view/print the certification form for this request click on the Certification Form hyperlink. 
Subject Name: 
Race: 
Sex: 
Date of Birth: 
Social Security #: 
Reason for Request: 
Control #R21391518 
Company Name: roadruck Inv 
dick,charles w 
Unknown 
M 
Status: 
Request Date: 
Last Update Date: 
Fee: 
Payment Method: 
Employment 
Certification Form 
Back 
Invoice #: 
Request Under Review 
03/28/2019 08:19 PM 
03/28/2019 08:20 PM 
$22.00 
Credit Card 
R21391518 
Home I Record Check I Help I Privacy Policy I PA State Police Home Page 
Pennsylvania 
Hcrne Site 
@ Copyright 2003-18, Commonwealth of PA - Pennsylvania State Pollee 
This Web Site is for Informational Purposes Only - If you have an emergency, crime, or Incident to report, 
please contact your nearest Police Agency or all 911. 
156818AA233AA87600330760A94D1EBD 
htlps:/lepatch.state.pa.usfloadRCDetails.do7rcr id=21391518AgetSource=RCStatusSearch.isp 
1/1 
EFTA00811390
--- PAGE 3 ---
3128/2019 
Pennsylvania Access To Criminal History - Record Check Status Details 
Sex: 
Date of Birth: 
Social Security #: 
Reason for Request: 
Acting Commissioner Robert Evanchick 
Home 
Record Chedc 
Record Check Details 
Gov. Thomas W Wolf 
Help 
This screen displays the details of a particular record check request. The review process for this request will take 
approximately 2 - 3 weeks from the date of request. Please check back then to view an updated status. To 
view/print the invoke associated with this record check request just click on the invoice number hyperlink. To 
view/print the certification form for this request click on the Certification Form hyperlink. 
Control #R21391517 
Company Name: roadruck Inv 
Subject Name: 
Race: 
F 
Employment 
Status: 
Request Date: 
Last Update Date: 
Fee: 
Payment Method: 
Invoice #: 
Certification Form 
Back 
Request Under Review 
03/28/2019 08:18 PM 
03/28/2019 08:20 PM 
$22.00 
Credit Card 
R21391517 
Home I Record Check I Help I Privacy Policy I PA State Police Home Page 
Pennsylvania 
nomeSits 
C Copyright 2003-18, Commonwealth of PA - Pennsylvania State Police 
This Web Site is for Informational Purposes Only - If you have an emergency, crime, or incident to report, 
please contact your nearest Police Agency or call 911. 
156818AA233AA87600330760A9401EBD 
https://epatch.state.pa.us/loadRCOetags.doWcr_id=21391517&getSource=RCStalusSearch.jsp 
1/1 
EFTA00811391

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811392.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVE ROADRUCK 
PRESIDENT 
• 
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC 
' 
12887 PLUMMER GRANT ROAD 
• JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA 32258 
EMAIL 
MEMORANDUM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
From: Steve Roadruck 
Re: 
Charles Walter Dick 
Date: 03/28/19 
R-58-19 
Charles Walter Dick, DOB: 
SSN: 
I have attached a Comprehensive Report on Charles Walter Dick. All his 
recent addresses are in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. 
The Comprehensive showed numerous arrests fot alcohol, marijuana, 
resisting, DUI and vandalism in 2003 and 2004. He shows ownership of 
the above property. 
He had a foreclosure in 2014 with a judgment of $226,441.31 
I did a nationwide U.S.,District Court search and did not find any cases. 
I am waiting for the completion of the Pennsylvania Criminal search. 
This may take a few days. I am confidant that the' nly criminal history 
for this person is contained in the Comprehensive Report. These cases 
all appeared to be misdemeanors and alcohol related. 
EFTA00811392

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811393.pdf
----------------------------------------
— international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
Plan D LLC G550 
Existing Divan 
SECTION A-A 
(VIEW LOOKING FORWARD) 
EFTA00811393
--- PAGE 2 ---
international jet 
i
t, 
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
Plan D LLC G550 
CUSHION - 38" 
ARMS 45.5" 
EFTA00811394

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811395.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 
Page 1 of 12 
ORINMI) la the Soethern District of Hon& oa 
/at& 
yea II kn./Wigs 
Untied Su do BtEvw) Coup 
//721  118 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Fort Lauderdale Division 
In re: 
Case No.: 09-34791-RBR 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT 
Chapter 11 Case 
ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
ORDER DISCHARGING ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE AS TO FOWLER WHITE (D.E. 
0661 
This matter came before the Court on October 26. 2018 for an evidentiary hearing on the 
Court's Order to Show Cause Why Fowler White and Jeffrey Epstein Should Not be Held in 
Contempt and Scheduling Show Cause Hearing (the "Order to Show Cause") (D.E. 6366). Based on 
the Sworn Declarations and the testimony of the witnesses, and the exhibits admitted into evidence, 
the Court makes the following findings of fact and conclusions of law pursuant to Fed. IL Bath. P. 
7052, made applicable to this contested proceeding by Fed. R. Banta. P. 9014. 
Procedural History and Findings of Fact 
This proceeding arises from an agreed order canceling a hearing on a motion to shift costs and 
setting forth a procedure for the printing of certain documents under a subpoena issued from the 
EFTA00811395
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 
Page 2 of 12 
Circuit Court for the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida, in a case styled 
Jeffrey Epstein, Plaintiff v. Bradley Edwards, individually, Scott Rothstein, individually, and L.M., 
individually, Defendants, Case No. 502009CA040800XXXX MB AG (the "State Court Action"). 
(Fanner Jaffe Weissing Ex. I). The subpoena was issued by Jeffrey Epstein seeking documents to 
support his allegation that Bradley Edwards and Scott Rothstein were engaged in a conspiracy to 
manufacture claims against Epstein which could be used to attract investors in Mr. Rothstein's now-
infamous Ponzi-scheme.' Edwards and several other attorneys who had been employed at Rothstein 
Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A ("RRA") later formed Farmer, Jaffe, Wcissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lcrhman, 
P.L. ("Farmer Jaffe"), where Edwards continued to litigate numerous cases filed against Epstein 
before and during Edwards' employment at RRA. (Sworn Declaration of Bradley J. Edwards at I's 4 
& 5). Epstein retained Fowler White after filing the State Court Action and after serving the Rothstein 
bankruptcy Trustee with a subpoena seeking RRA communications related to the cases brought 
against Epstein. 
L.M. objected to the subpoena on the basis of attorney-client and work product privileges. 
[D.E. Nos. 818, 819). On August 13, 2010, this Court appointed retired Judge Robert B. Camey as 
special master to receive the documents from the Trustee and to produce a privilege log. [D.E. 888). 
On October 15, 2010. this court entered an Amended Order Respecting Production of Documents 
Regarding Jeffrey Epstein requiring, inter alia, that the Trustee instead turn over the CD2 with 
responsive documents to Farmer Jaffe to duplicate and Bates number, to prepare a privilege log, and 
to produce non-privileged documents to Mr. Epstein. [D.E. I 06H). 
The Trustee subsequently produced two CDs to Farmer Jaffe on October 18, 2010. (Edwards 
Decl. at '13 & Exhibit 6). One of the two CD's was unusable (Edwards Exhibit 7), and the Trustee 
sent two replacement CDs to Farmer Jaffe on or about November 9. 2010. (Farmer Jaffe Weissing 
That scheme ultimately led to the involuntary bankruptcy proceedings filed against the Debtor in 
this Case No. 09-34791 and the appointment of Herbert Stettin as Trustee. 
Although D.E. 1068 referred to a single CD, the Trustee ultimately produced two CDs on October 
18, 2010 followed to two replacement CDs on November 9. 2010. 
EFTA00811396
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 
Page 3 of 12 
Exhibits 9-12). Edwards and L.M. subsequently filed a Motion for Relief from Amended Order [D.E. 
1068] and to Compel Jeffrey Epstein to Pay for the Production of all Documents in Response to his 
Request. [D.E. 1120]. This Motion led to entry on November 30, 2010 of an Agreed Order Cancelling 
Hearing on Motion for Relief from Amended Order [D.E. 1068] and to Compel Jeffrey Epstein to 
Pay for the Production of all Documents in Response to his Request Filed by Interested Party Farmer, 
Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos, & Lehrman, P.L. [D.E. 1194] (hereinafter, the "Agreed Order"). 
That Order provided: 
The Motion for Relief From Amended Order (D.E. #1068) and to 
Compel Jeffrey Epstein to Pay for the Production of All Documents 
in Response to his Requests filed by Interested Party Farmer, Jaffe, 
Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L ("Fanner"), was 
adequately resolved by agreement of the parties as follows. The law 
firm of Fowler White Burnett, P.A., will print a hard copy of all of 
the documents contained on the discs with Bates numbers added, 
and will provide a set of copied, stamped documents to the Special 
Master and an identical set to Fanner, who will use same to create 
its privilege log. Farmer agrees to prepare that portion of the 
privilege log relating to emails on or before December 15, 2010, 
with the remaining portion due thirty days from the date of this 
order, subject to other court orders. Fowler White will not retain 
any copies of the documents contained on the discs provided to it, 
nor shall any images or copies of said documents be retained in the 
memory of Fowler White's copiers. Should it be determined that 
Fowler White or Epstein retained images or copies of the subject 
documents on its computer or otherwise, the Court retains 
jurisdiction to award sanctions in favor of Farmer, Brad Edwards or 
his client. 
As such, the Motion for Relief is deemed moot, and, the hearing set 
on the Motion for Relief [D.E. 1146]13) set for November 30, 2010 
is hereby cancelled... 
On December 7, 2010, Joseph Ackerman of Fowler White and Seth Lehrman of Farmer Jaffe 
agreed that Special Master Carney could deliver the discs to a representative of Fowler White for 
copying and bates stamping as set forth in the Agreed Order, and that no one from the Fanner Jaffe 
firm wished to be present during the process. (Fowler White Exhibit C; Declaration of Joseph 
' D.E. 1146 was the Notice of Hearing on with respect to D.E. 1120. 
EFTA00811397
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 
Page 4 of 12 
Laurence Ackerman at ¶7; Akerman Decl., Ex. A). The discs were picked up from Judge Carney later 
that day and were delivered by overnight mail to Fowler White's Miami office on December 8, 2010. 
(Fowler White Exhibit B; Sworn Declaration of Lilly Ann Sanchez at ¶10). On Friday, December 10, 
2010, Ms. Sanchez, an attorney at Fowler White, informed Mr. Lehrman that the printed documents 
were being sent in seven boxes for next business day delivery and that the discs were being returned 
to Judge Carney. (Fowla White Exhibit B; Sanchez Decl. at ¶11; Sanchez Decl. Ex. C) 
Ms. Sanchez was the attorney at Fowler White who received the discs in the Firm's Miami 
office on December 8, 2010, and was responsible for the discs and the Bates numbering and printing 
of the documents. (Fowler White Ex. C; Sanchez Decl. at ¶ 11-12; Hearing Tr. 135:16-21). Although 
the Agreed Order refers to delivering printed copies of the Bates numbered documents to Fanner Jaffe 
and Special Master Carney, pursuant to Judge Camey's request, Ms. Sanchez sent the originals discs 
and another disc with the Bates numbered documents to Judge Carney in lieu of printed copies. 
(Hearing Tr.116:17-25, 118:18 - 119:2, 120:21-24). Fanner Jaffe was aware of and did not object to 
this arrangement. (Hearing Tr. 134:20 — 135:4; Sanchez Dccl, Ex. C) Ms. Sanchez testified that to her 
knowledge, as the person responsible for the discs and the Bates numbering and printing of the 
documents, none of the discs or any copies of the printed documents were retained at Fowler White. 
(Id. at 135:16-25; Accord at 131:14-19). No one at Fowler White instructed Ms. Sanchez to retain a 
copy of the disc with the Bates numbered documents, and she is not aware of anyone at Fowler White 
being instructed to do so. (Id. at 121:25 - 122:6). Ms. Sanchez further testified that the printing was 
performed in the Miami office and that she never reviewed, copied, used or obtained any documents 
that Fowler White was not supposed to have. (Hearing Tr. 135:16 — 136:19). 
Fanner Jaffe received 27,542 pages of printed and Bates numbered documents on December 
13, 2010, and Farmer Jaffe produced a privilege log on January 26, 2011. (Edwards Decl. 
27, 29). 
After Epstein challenged that log as insufficient, Farmer Jaffe produced an amended privilege log on 
February 23, 2011. (Edwards Decl. at Is 30, 31). Through February 23, 2011, Edwards produced 
21,119 out of the 27,542 pages of cmails to Epstein, and 6,471 pages remained on the amended 
EFTA00811398
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 
Page 5 of 12 
privilege log. (Edwards Decl. at Is 28 , 31).4 Fowler White withdrew from its representation of 
Epstein in May 2012, [D.E. 3034], and the State Court ultimately found Edwards' amended privilege 
log sufficient in August 2012. (Edwards Decl. at 133). 
Fowler White sent its files related to its representation of Mr. Epstein to offsite storage in 2014 
or 2015, where they remained until requested by Mr. Epstein's current counsel in late 2017 or early 
2018. (Hearing Tr. 39:2 — 40: I ). 
At some point after August 2012, Epstein dropped his case against Edwards, leaving only 
Edwards' counterclaim for malicious prosecution to be litigated in the State Court Action. (Edwards 
Decl. 134). Mr. Epstein retained Scott Link and the law firm of Link & Rockenbach, P.A. in 
November 2017. (Hearing Tr. 84:24 - 85:1). From the time of Fowler White's withdrawal in May 
2012 until Mr. Link's retention in November 2017, Epstein was represented by at least one other firm. 
(Hearing Tr. 85:22 - 86:1). 
Shortly after being retained, Mr. Link contacted Fowler White and requested access to Fowler 
White's files related to Mr. Epstein. (It at 85:19-21). Mr. Link and his paralegal initially reviewed 
boxes of documents in Fowler White's Miami office in January 2018 and flagged certain 
documents and several discs for copying. (Id. at 87:2-10.) Among possibly thousands of documents 
flagged for copying, was a file folder with a label "Judge Carney - Printing of CD Issue", a disc 
labeled "Epstein Bates Stamp", and approximately 30 pages of printed materials. (Id. at 95:13-21, 
87:13-23). Mr. Link testified that the disc contained 27,544 pages of sequentially-numbered 
documents (id. at 89:16-24), and that some of the 30 printed pages were documents listed on Edwards' 
amended privilege log. (Id. at 88:9-16). Mr. Link subsequently requested that Fowler White deliver 
These figures, taken from Mr. Edwards' Sworn Declaration as corporate representative of Farmer 
Jaffe, indicate that Fanner Jaffe must have produced approximately 48 pages of privileged cmails 
to Epstein. If Fowler White printed and delivered 27,542 Bates numbered pages to Farmer Jaffe 
on December 10, 2010, and Farmer Jaffe subsequently produced 21,119 pages back to Fowler 
White, as sworn to by Mr. Edwards in his Declaration, only 6,423 pages remained which could 
have been listed on the Amended Privilege Log. Mr. Edwards' testimony that 6,471 pages were 
listed on the log indicates that 48 pages (or 6,471 less 6,423) of documents which were listed on 
the Amended Privilege Log must have been produced back to Fowler White at some point. 
EFTA00811399
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 
Page 6 of 12 
all thirty six boxes of documents to his office. (Id. at 89:8-13). The boxes were collected by Link & 
Rockenbach's courier on March 1, 2018. (Fowler White Ex. L). 
In March 2018, shortly before the trial of Mr. Edwards' malicious prosecution counterclaim, 
Mr. Link filed several avails in the State Court Action which he had printed from the disc located in 
Fowler White's files, several of which mails were listed on Edwards' amended privilege log. 
Fowler White has been unable to determine how or when the disc or documents came to be 
in its files. In his Declaration, Joseph Laurence Ackerman, stated that 
9. 
On December 10, 2010, Fowler White sent seven boxes of printed and 
bates numbered documents to Farmer Jaffe... 
10. 
Farmer Jaffe subsequently produced documents back to Fowler White 
at various times in 2011. These are the only documents, of those printed and 
bates numbered in December 2010, which I was ever aware that Fowler White 
had copies of. 
11. 
I am aware of the allegations in Farmer Jaffe's filing at D.E. 6326. If 
Fowler White had a copy of any of the printed materials in its files, other than 
those produced by Farmer Jaffe in 2011, or of any disc containing all of the 
bates numbered and printed materials, I have no knowledge of how any such 
materials could have been in the Firm's files. 
12. 
As far as I was aware, all materials bates stamped and printed in 
December 2010 under the terms of the Agreed Order and all discs related 
thereto were out of the Firm's possession once the materials were sent to Farmer 
Jaffe on December 10, 2010 and the discs were returned to Judge Camey, and 
the only materials produced by the RRA Trustee pursuant to the Subpoena and 
subsequently received by Fowler White were those produced by Farmer Jaffe 
in 2011. I am not aware of anyone at Fowler White having had any of the discs 
related to the documents produced by the RRA Trustee pursuant to the 
Subpoena at any time after December 10, 2010. 
Ackerman Decl. at Is 9-12. 
Ms. Sanchez gated in her Declaration that: 
12. 
... Fowler White did not retain any of the discs or any copies of the 
printed materials in December 2010. 
13. 
Fanner Jaffe subsequently produced documents back to Fowler White at 
various times in 2011. These are the only documents, of those printed and bates 
numbered in December 2010, which I was ever aware that Fowler White had 
EFTA00811400
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 
Page 7 of 12 
copies of. 
14. 
I have reviewed the filing of Fanner Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, P.L. ("Farmer Jaffe") at D.E. 6326. If Fowler White had a copy of any 
of the printed materials in its files, other than those produced by Fanner Jaffe in 
2011, or of any disc containing all of the bates numbered and printed materials, 
those items can only have been placed in the files substantially after December 
2010. I have no knowledge of how any such materials could have been in Fowler 
White's files. 
Sanchez Decl. at 9s 12-14. 
Mr. Hurley similarly testified to his understanding, based on review of the Epstein files and 
his investigation of the circumstances related to discovery of the documents in January 2018, that the 
Bates numbered disc was sent to Special Master Carney. (Hearing Tr. 49:21 — 50:11, 66:8-12). 
Although Scott Link testified to finding the disc and 30 printed pages in Fowler White's files, Mr. 
Hurley's investigation gave him no idea as to how or when those materials got into the files. (Id. at 
54:11 -18). Edwards' counsel suggested that the $14.79 cost of the December 7, 2010 Federal Express 
package from West Palm Beach to Miami and the S10.79 cost of the December 28, 2010 Federal 
Express shipment back to Judge Carney suggested that the December 28 package contained fewer 
discs than the December 7 package. (Hearing Tr. 77:8-15, 78:12-15). However, Mr. Hurley testified 
that he didn't know how Federal Express charges were calculated or whether point of origin impacted 
cost. (Id. 79:12-19). Moreover, a review of the Fowler White's Exhibit I, reflecting those charges, 
indicated that three of the seven banker's boxes of printed documents sent to Fanner Jaffe on 
December 10, 2010 actually cost less than the December 7, 2010 shipment of discs. 
The Order to Show Cause 
On March 19, 2018, Fanner Jaffe filed a Motion for Issuance of an Order to Show Cause 
why Fowler White and Jeffrey Epstein Should not be Held in Contempt of Court, to Permit 
Discovery, to Assess Sanctions and Costs and for Other Appropriate Relief [DE 6326]. That 
Motion was joined by Edwards [DE 6325] and by Jane Doe, E.W and L.M. [DE 6343]. All of these 
parties sought findings of civil and criminal contempt and compensatory and punitive damages 
against both Fowler White and Epstein for alleged violation of the Agreed Order. 
EFTA00811401
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 
Page 8 of 12 
On April 20, 2018, the Court issued its Order directing Fowler White and Epstein to appear 
and show cause why they should not be held in civil contempt of the Agreed Order. The Court 
rejected any requests to consider criminal contempt or sanctions other than compensatory damages 
resulting from any violation of the Agreed Order if a finding of civil contempt is made. [D.E. 
6366]. 
On October 3, 2010, the Court struck the claims of Jane Doe and E.W. as they were not 
parties to and were not referenced in the Agreed Order. [D.E. 6471]. The Court also bifurcated the 
contempt proceedings in order to address liability for contempt before addressing discovery and 
damages if a finding of contempt is made. [D.E. 6472]. On October 29, 2018, the Court entered an 
Order Discharging Order to Show Cause Against Jeffrey Epstein, [D.E. 6508], after the Movants 
filed a Notice of Joint Voluntary Dismissal of Jeffrey Epstein, [D.E. 6496]. 
Conclusions of Law 
To prevail in a civil contempt proceeding, the movant must establish by "'clear and 
convincing' proof that the underlying order was violated." Howard Johnson Co. v. Khimani, 892 
F.2d 1512, 1516 (11th Cir. 1990) (citing Newman v. Graddick, 740 F.2d 1513, 1525 (11th Cir. 
1984); Piambino v. Bestline Prods., Inc., 645 F. Supp. 1210, 1213 (S.D. Fla. 1986)). A party may 
only be found in contempt for violating an order which is clear, definite and unambiguous. S.E.C. 
v. Pension Fund of Am., L.C., 396 Fed. Appx. 577, 580 (11th Cir. 2010); Jordan v. Wilson, 851 
F.2d 1290, 1292 n.2 (11th Cir. 1988). The Court's "contempt power is a potent weapon which 
should not be used if the court's order upon which the contempt was founded is vague or 
ambiguous." Matter of Baum, 606 F.2d 592, 593 (5th Cir. 1979)5 (internal quotes, citations 
omitted). Therefore, the court's order "must set forth in specific detail an unequivocal command." 
Id. Where there is "possible uncertainty" as to the effect of a bankruptcy court's order, there can 
In Bonner v. City of Prichard, 661 F.2d 1206 (11th Cir. 1981) (en bane), the Eleventh Circuit 
adopted as binding precedent all cases decided by the Fifth Circuit, prior to October 1, 1981. 
EFTA00811402
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 
Page 9 of 12 
be no finding of contempt. Id. Any ambiguities or uncertainties in such a court order must be 
construed in a light favorable to the person charged with contempt. Georgia Power Co. v. N.L.R.B., 
484 F.3d 1288, 1291 (11th Cir. 2007). The court's focus in a civil contempt proceeding "is not on 
the subjective beliefs or intent of the alleged contemnors in complying with the order, but whether 
in fact their conduct complied with the order at issue." Id. The court's inquiry is limited to whether 
the "four corners" of the order, "in clear and unambiguous terms, prohibited" the conduct 
complained of. Id. at 1292 
This prima facie showing of a violation of an unambiguous order must be made before the 
burden shifts to the alleged contemnor to produce evidence explaining his noncompliance at a 
show cause hearing. Chairs v. Burgess, 143 F.3d 1432, 1436 (11th Cir. 1998). 
"Clear and convincing evidence entails proof that a claim is 'highly probable,' a standard 
requiring more than a preponderance of the evidence but less than proof beyond a reasonable 
doubt." Mansfield v. Sec y, Dept of Corr., 679 F.3d 1301, 1309 (11th Cir. 2012); see also In re 
New Midland Plaza Associates, 247 B.R. 877, 883 (Bankr. S.D. Fla. 2000) ("Preponderance means 
that the existence of a fact is simply more likely than not, while clear and convincing is a higher 
standard and requires a high probability of success"). 
Once the moving party makes a prima facie showing concerning a violation of an 
unambiguous order, "the burden of production shifts to the alleged contemnor to show a 'present 
inability to comply that goes 'beyond a mere assertion of inability.'" Howard Johnson Co. v. 
Khimani, 892 F.2d at 1516. (quoting Combs v. Ryan's Coal Co., 785 F.2d 970, 984 (11th Cir. 
1986)). While the Court may not consider the "subjective beliefs or intent of the alleged 
contemnors in complying with the order", substantial compliance made in good faith can preclude 
a finding of contempt where compliance with the order is not complete. Id. (citing Jim Walter Res.. 
EFTA00811403
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 
Filed 11/21/18 
Page 10 of 12 
I 
Inc. v. Intl Union, etc., 609 F.2d 165, 168 (5th Cir. 1980); United Student Aid Funds, Inc. v. Gary's 
Grading & Landscaping, 2009 WL 161711 *4 (M.D. Fla. 2009) citing Khimani, 892 F.2d at 1516. 
The evidence is unclear how or when the offending disc or materials got into Fowler White's 
files. During the hearing, Edwards' counsel acknowledged the possibility that the materials may have 
been the actual materials sent by Fowler White to Judge Carney, not copies. (Hearing Tr. 33:13-14).6
Fowler White's representatives—including the attorneys who worked on the Epstein file and the 
attorney who was responsible for custody of the original discs and the Bates numbering and printing 
of the documents—testified unambiguously that they all understood that the discs were sent to Judge 
Carney in December 2010, and they were not aware of the disc or any documents in Fowler White's 
files at any time after December 10, 2010 other than the documents produced back to Fowler White 
by Edwards' counsel in 2011. Lilly Sanchez testified similarly that the printing was performed in the 
Miami office and that she, the attorney in Miami tasked with handling the discs in accordance with 
the Agreed Order, never reviewed, copied, used or obtained any documents that Fowler White was 
not supposed to have. There is no direct evidence regarding how the materials got into Fowler White's 
files. The unambiguous testimony of the attorneys at Fowler White indicates that the materials were 
not retained when the documents were Bates numbered and printed in 2010, and both parties have 
speculated that the materials may have been retuned by the Special Master at some point. 
If the disc was returned by Special Master Carney sometime after 2010, no one at Fowler 
White realized it, and the Agreed Order's prohibition on "retaining" copies of the documents should 
not be read so broadly as to make such unknowing receipt a violation of the Order punishable by 
1n response to an inquiry from the Court regarding whether the disc located by Scott Link in 2018 
was a copy of the disc sent to Judge Carney, Mr. Scarola replied "it may be a copy of the one that 
went to Judge Carney. it may be the one that went to Judge Carney. That's, at this point, a matter 
of pure speculation." (Hearing Tr. 33:10-14) (emphasis added). 
EFTA00811404
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 
Page 11 of 12 
contempt. Such a reading would conceivably allow Fanner Jaffe to create a violation of the Agreed 
Order by its apparent production of forty-eight privileged pages in 2011 even though the production 
of those forty-eight pages was unknown by either party. The Court will not so construe the Agreed 
Order, obviously designed to address how the materials were to be handled when printed in December 
2010 and not some unforeseeable occurrence at any point in the future, nor is there a need to consider 
such a construction as the Court finds substantial good faith compliance with said Order. 
No one at Fowler White used any of the privileged materials at any time during the Finn's 
representation of Epstein, and neither Edwards nor Fanner Jaffe produced any evidence to the 
contrary. Epstein dropped his claims against Edwards after the State Court upheld the amended 
privilege log. The disc and documents at issue did not surface between December 2010 and Fowler 
White's withdrawal as Epstein's counsel almost eighteen months later, or at any time while Epstein 
was represented by the firm or firms who represented him between Fowler White's withdrawal and 
Mr. Link's retention. It is hard to imagine that any party who went so far as to intentionally violate an 
order prohibiting the retention of documents would do so only to store the documents away unused 
for nearly seven years. The worst that can be said is that the disc and the 30 pages sat unused in Fowler 
White's files from whenever they were received, in storage from 2014, until discovered by Mr. Link 
when he reviewed and obtained the thirty six boxes of documents in early 2018. 
The Agreed Order was prepared and agreed to between the parties, and the order was 
submitted for entry by Farmer Jaffe on behalf of Edwards and L.M. The procedure set forth was the 
result of negotiations between counsel. If the retention of documents several years later was a 
legitimate concern, counsel should have addressed that specifically and unambiguously. 
Unfortunately, the Agreed Order is unclear and susceptible of two differing interpretations. As set 
EFTA00811405
--- PAGE 12 ---
Cthe 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 6518-1 Filed 11/21/18 'Page 12 of 12 
forth above, in order to be enforced by contempt sanctions, the Agreed Order must be clear and 
definite. 
Additionally, sanctions arc not warranted because the Court finds that Fowler White clearly 
complied with the Agreed Order in December, 2010 when it did not retain any of the documents. At 
best and as suggested by Edwards counsel in argument, the materials could have been returned to 
Fowler White at any time. The most that has been shown is that at some unknown time certain 
restricted materials came into Fowler White's possession and sat, unused in its closed file, until 
early this year therefore amounting to an inadvertent and innocent mistake. Thus, it is clear that 
Fowler White substantially complied with the Agreed Order and acted in good faith as the documents 
were never utilized until new counsel was retained years later and publicly filed the documents. 
For all of the above reasons, the Court declines to find Fowler White in contempt of the 
November 30, 2010 Agreed Order. Accordingly, the Order to Show Cause [D.E. 6366] is discharged 
as to Fowler White. 
# 
Copies to: 
;Vial! T. McLachlan, Esq. 
[Attorney McLachlan is directed to serve a conformed copy of this Order on all interested parties 
and file a certificate of service.] 
EFTA00811406

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811407.pdf
----------------------------------------
ate: 7/19/06 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
ime: 15:01:37 
Incident Report 
Page: 
Program: CMS301L 
ase No 
 1-05-000368 
her mother and then placed into
.
I contacted the School Board Police who •rovided me the information 
for 
also known as 
as, 
. Chebking t e 
school bOard records for 
and aSIIIMMIllille there was no 
disciplinary record found. I was advised if no disciplinary action 
was taken for a fight, such as an expulsion or detention, the incident 
may not have been recorded. This was at the discretion of the 
individual school security and principal. 
(Continued) 
03/15/2005, I called the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office and left a 
message for PBSP Sgt. Chris Keen, Child Abuse Unit. 
On 03/15 2005, I went 
female 
OIMMMUMW 
therapist. During an 
about the allegations 
anything had happened,
identified as 
owed. 
dentified  
 as the cousin'of her 
boyfriends 
She ultimately admitted to knowing that
. Se 
worked for a wealth man and possibly did sexual favors for him 
also admitted that 
had offered her an opportunity to make 
money. 
ormor
to 
where I met with white 
Also present was Kathy Back, 
audiotaped interview, I spoke with 
that were made. 
denied 
only admitting to going with 
)  to Palm Beach to pick up money
was 
ea 
identified 
boss as a white male named "Jeff" who 
lived in Palm Beach 
a er positively identified as iiiiiiy Epstein). 
-explained 
that she was first approached by
to go with 
IIMOMMONN  
her to Jeff's house, when they were atiMillnahouse. According to 
she was not sure exactly what was going on with 
but 
agreed to o w'th her. me 
OMMENIMMEMbboyfriend) became angry when 
he heard 
inviting4IIIIMMOto accom any her. .44iiiMMOIL
a 
ved 
it was to plcck up money the man owed 
. ge 
stated 
told her that she would pick her up at er house on Sunday. 
was not sure of the exact dates but knew it was a Sunday. According 
picked her upil itir father's house on 
told her 
to IMMMilk 
along with an unknown 
ossibly Hispanic female, 
a 
father that they weren't" shopping. It was later confirmed by
that 
picked his daughter up. According to Mr. 
dlilinimps, 
drove a pick up truck. 
drove 
along with the unknown female to Pa m B ach. 
Sometime on the w 
re, a conversation occurred between 
and 
Swhereby 
told a 
that if Jeff asked her 
Iiiii
(fl) 
age, s e s ould say she was eighteen. 
AOMMINOSSorecalled that Jeff's house was on a dead end street. All 
three girls walked up a driveway, ast what appeared to be a small 
guard/security room. In fact, 
recalled a male approaching 
them asking what they wanted. 
stated they were there to see 
Jeff. The male allowed them to continue walking up to the house. 
EFTA00811407

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811408.pdf
----------------------------------------
FLORIDA BOARD OF BAR EXAMINERS 
Form 10-C 
Rev. 08117 
Administrative Board of the Supreme Court of Florida 
1891 Eider Court 
Tallahassee, Florida 32399-1750 
(850)487-1292 
Michele A. Gavagni 
Executive Director 
Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
NAME: 
Mr. Darren Keith Indyke 
PRESENT ADDRESS: 
6030 Le Lac Rd., Boca Raton, FL 333496 
* 
FILE NO. 
DATE: 
01/16/2019 
You are being contacted as someone who may have knowledge of the above-named applicant who is seeking admission 
to The Florida Bar. The Board investigates the background of all applicants for admission to the bar. The applicant has 
authorized sources to cooperate by making information available to the Board and has released and exonerated all 
sources from any and all liability of every nature and kind pertaining to the furnishing of information to the Board. This 
form was developed to facilitate your reply; however, if you prefer to write a personal letter, please attach it to this 
inquiry form (that contains a bar code for automated receipt of your response) and return both documents. 
1. Please check yes or no below: 
OYes ONo a. Do you know the applicant? Length of time: 
years Relationship:  
OYes ONo b. Would you recommend the applicant for a position of trust? If no, please state reasons below. 
2. Please check yes or no below. If your answer to either is no, provide a short summary of details below. 
OYes ONo a. Is the applicant honest? 
OYes ONo b. Is the applicant thorough in fulfilling obligations? 
OYes ONo c. Does the applicant meet deadlines? 
OYes ONo d. Does the applicant treat others with civility? 
3. Please list the names, addresses and occupations of other persons who may have knowledge of this applicant. 
Name 
Occupation 
Address, City, State, Zip 
a. 
b. 
(Page 1 of 2) 
EFTA00811408
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. Please check yes or no. If your answer to any is yes, provide a short summary below. To your knowledge has the 
applicant: 
OYes ONo 
a. been accused of a violation of the honor code or student conduct code, warned, placed on 
scholastic or disciplinary probation, suspended, requested or advised to discontinue studies, 
dropped, expelled, or requested to resign or otherwise subjected to discipline for academic or 
personal conduct reasons by any educational institution? 
OYes ONo b. been a party to legal or administrative proceedings? 
OYes ONo c. violated a court order? 
❑Yes ONo d. been charged with, arrested or cited for any violation of a law or an ordinance? 
OYes ONo e. been accused of a violation of trust? 
❑Yes ONo f. been denied admission to the Bar of any other state? 
OYes ONo g. had a pattern of unexcused absences from school or work? 
OYes ONo h. been dismissed or asked to resign from any employment? 
OYes ONo i. demonstrated violent or disruptive behavior? 
OYes ONo j. within the last 5 years, been diagnosed with, suffered from or been treated for a mental illness 
involving a severe thought disorder (including, but not limited to, schizophrenia), a severe mood 
disorder (including, but not limited to, major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder) or substance 
use disorder (including, but not limited to, abuse of or addiction to/dependence on alcohol, 
marijuana, cocaine, or prescription medications)? 
OYes ONo k. had a mental health condition that currently impairs or limits, or if left untreated could impair or 
limit, the ability to practice law in a competent and professional manner? 
OYes ONo I. been delinquent in any financial obligations? 
5. Your personal remarks are solicited. Please attach a separate sheet of paper if needed. 
The Board sincerely appreciates your cooperation in completing this form and assures you that the information furnished 
by you will be revealed only in accordance with the Rules of the Supreme Court Relating to Admissions to the Bar. 
The information furnished by me is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Date: 
Print Name: 
 Title: 
Signature: 
Enclosure: Return Envelope 
(Page 2 of 2) 
EFTA00811409

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811410.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
Multistate Bar Examination Released Questions 
Section 1 
PRACTICE EXAM 1 
EFTA00811410
--- PAGE 2 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
Question N I — Evidence 
In a suit based on a will, inheritance of SI million 
depended upon whether the wife had survived her 
husband when both died in the crash of a small 
airplane. An applicable statute provided that, for 
purposes of distributing an estate after a common 
disaster, there was a rebuttable presumption that 
neither spouse had survived the other. A witness was 
called to testi& that as she approached the plane she 
heard what she thought was a woman's voice saying, 
dying," although by the time the two occupants 
were removed from the wreckage they were both 
dead. 
Is the witness's testimony admissible? 
(A) No, because the matter is governed by the 
presumption that neither spouse survived the 
other. 
(B) No, because the witness's testimony is too 
speculative to support a finding. 
(C) Yes, because the hearsay rule does not apply to 
statements by decedents in actions to determine 
rights under a will. 
(D) Yes, because it is relevant and not otherwise 
prohibited. 
Question N 2 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
The defendant subsequently moved to suppress the 
testimony of the teller, claiming the lineup violated 
his privilege against 
self-incrimination. At a 
suppression hearing, the teller testified that she had 
not gotten a good look at the robber's face, because 
the robber had been wearing a hat pulled down over 
most of his face, but that she was certain the 
defendant was the robber because she had recognized 
his voice at the lineup. 
A defendant was lawfully arrested without a warrant 
for bank robbery. He was not given Miranda 
warnings, but was immediately taken to a police 
station where he and five other men were placed in a 
lineup to be viewed by the bank teller. Each man was 
required to say the words spoken by the bank robber: 
"Give me all your money. I've got a gun." After all 
the men in the lineup spoke those words, the teller 
identified the defendant as the robber. 
Should the defendant's motion be granted? 
(A) No, because being required to speak at the 
lineup, while compelled, was not testimonial or 
communicative. 
(B) No. because testimony of a witness based on 
firsthand observation is not subject to exclusion 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
as the fruit of the poisonous tree. 
(C) Yes, because the defendant was compelled to 
speak at the lineup, and this compelled speech 
led to the witness's identification testimony. 
(D) Yes, because the defendant was never informed 
that he could refuse to make a statement and that 
any statement could be used as evidence against 
him. 
Question N 3 - Constitutional Law 
A city owned and operated a municipal bus system. 
The city sold space on its buses for the posting of 
placards. Under the relevant city ordinance, the 
administrator of the bus system had sole discretion to 
decide which placards could be posted on the buses, 
and the administrator's decision was final. Although 
most of the placards that appeared on city buses were 
commercial advertisements, the administrator had 
often sold space on the buses for placards promoting 
various political, charitable, and religious causes. 
After a circus bought space on the buses for placards 
advertising its upcoming performances, an animal 
rights organization asked to buy space for a placard 
with photographs showing the mistreatment of 
animals in circus shows. 
The administrator denied the organization's request, 
stating that the proposed placard would be offensive 
to the circus, which had paid a substantial sum to 
place its placards on the buses, and that a circus 
employee had told her that none of the photographs 
on the organization's placard depicted animals 
belonging to this particular circus. 
The organization sued the administrator in an 
appropriate court for a declaration that her denial of 
the organization's request for placard space for the 
reasons she gave violated the First Amendment as 
made applicable to the states by the Fourteenth 
Amendment. 
Is the organization likely to prevail? 
(A) No, because the administrator's denial of space 
to the organization was a reasonable time, place, 
and manner restriction of speech. 
(B) No, because a public official may not allow the 
use of public facilities for the propagation of a 
message that he or she believes may create a 
false or misleading impression. 
(C) Yes, because a public official may not refuse to 
permit the dissemination of a message in a public 
forum solely on the basis of its content unless 
that denial is necessary to serve a compelling 
government interest. 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811411
--- PAGE 3 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
(D) Yes, because a public official may not refuse to 
allow the use of any public facility to publish a 
message dealing with an issue of public concern. 
Question # 4 — Torts 
A landowner who owned a large tract of land in the 
mountains sought to protect a herd of wild deer that 
lived on part of the land. Although the landowner had 
posted 
signs 
that 
said, 
"No 
Hunting—No 
Trespassing," hunters frequently intruded to kill the 
deer. Recently, the landowner built an eight-foot-high 
chain-link fence, topped by three strands of barbed 
wire, across a gully on her land that provided the only 
access to the area where the deer lived. 
A wildlife photographer asked the landowner for 
permission to enter the land to photograph the deer. 
Because the landowner feared that any publicity 
would encourage further intrusions by hunters, she 
denied the photographer's request. Frustrated, the 
photographer attempted to climb the fence. 
He 
became entangled in the barbed wire and suffered 
extensive lacerations. The wounds became infected 
and ultimately caused his death. The photographer's 
personal representative has sued the landowner. 
Is the personal representative likely to prevail? 
(A) Yes, because the landowner may not use deadly 
force to protect her land from intrusion. 
(B) Yes, because the landowner had no property 
interest in the deer that entitled her to use force 
to protect them. 
(C) No, because the photographer entered the 
landowner's land after the landowner had 
refused him permission to do so and therefore 
was a trespasser. 
(D) No, because the potential for harm created by the 
presence of the barbed wire was apparent. 
Question # 5 — Torts 
An ordinance in a small town required all restaurants 
to designate smoking and nonsmoking sections for 
their customers. A cigarette smoker and a nonsmoker 
were seated at adjoining tables in a small restaurant. 
The smoker's table was in the smoking section, and 
the nonsmoker's table was in the nonsmoking 
section. When the smoker lit a cigarette, the 
nonsmoker politely requested that he not smoke, 
explaining that she had a severe allergy to cigarette 
smoke. The smoker ignored the nonsmoker's request 
and continued to smoke. As a result, the nonsmoker 
was hospitalized with a severe allergic reaction to the 
smoke. 
The nonsmoker brought a battery action against the 
smoker. 
Which of the following questions will NOT be an 
issue in the battery action? 
(A) Did the smoker intend to cause the nonsmoker's 
contact with the cigarette smoke? 
(B) Does smoke have the physical properties 
necessary for making the kind of contact 
required for battery? 
(C) Is contact with cigarette smoke from a lawful 
smoking section in a restaurant the kind of 
contact one must endure as a voluntary restaurant 
patron? 
(D) Was the smoker's conduct unreasonable under 
the circumstances? 
Question # 6 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A federal officer had probable cause to believe a 
woman had participated in a bank robbery. Two days 
after the robbery, the woman checked into a local 
hotel room. When the woman left for the evening, the 
hotel manager opened the hotel room door so the 
officer could enter the room and look inside. The 
officer did not find any of the stolen money but did 
see, lying open on the bed, the woman's diary. The 
diary contained an entry describing the woman's 
involvement in robbing the bank. 
The woman was charged in federal court with bank 
robbery. She moved to suppress the diary. 
Should the court suppress the diary? 
(A) Yes, because the officer had no warrant. 
(B) Yes, because admitting the diary would violate 
the woman's privilege against self-incrimination. 
(C) No, because the hotel manager had actual 
authority to allow the officer into the hotel room. 
(D) No, because the officer reasonably relied on the 
hotel manager's apparent authority to allow the 
officer into the hotel room. 
Question # 7 - Real Property 
Thirty years ago, a landowner conveyed land by 
warranty deed to a church (a charity) "so long as the 
land herein conveyed is used as the site for the 
principal religious edifice maintained by said 
church." 
Twenty years ago, the landowner died intestate, 
survived by a single heir. 
There is no applicable statute. The common law Rule 
• 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811412
--- PAGE 4 ---
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
Against Perpetuities is unmodified in the jurisdiction. 
One year ago, the church dissolved and its church 
building situated on the land was demolished. 
In an appropriate action, the landowner's heir and the 
attorney general, who is the appropriate official to 
assert public interests in charitable trusts, contest the 
right to the land. 
In such action, who will prevail? 
(A) The landowner's heir, as successor to the 
landowner's possibility of reverter. 
(B) The landowner's heir, because a charity cannot 
convey assets donated to it. 
(C) The attorney general, because cy pres should be 
applied to devote the land to religious purposes 
to carry out the charitable intent of the 
landowner. 
(3) The attorney general, because the landowner's 
attempt to restrict the church's fee simple 
violated the Rule Against Perpetuities. 
Question ft 8 - Constitutional Law 
With the advice and consent of the Senate, the 
President entered into a self-executing treaty with a 
foreign country. The treaty provided that citizens of 
both nations were required to pay whatever tons 
damages were awarded against them by a court of 
either nation. 
A man and a woman who were U.S. citizens and 
residents of the same state were traveling separately 
in the foreign country when their cars collided. The 
foreign court awarded the woman a judgment for 
S500,000 in damages for her injuries from the 
accident. 
In federal district court in their home state, the 
woman filed suit against the man to enforce the 
judgment. The man filed a motion to dismiss for lack 
ofjurisdiction. 
Should the court grant the motion to dismiss? 
(A) Yes, because the citizenship of the parties is not 
diverse. 
(B) Yes, because the traffic accident was a 
noncommercial 
commerce. 
(C) No, because the case falls within the federal 
question jurisdiction of the court. 
(3) No, because the treaty power is plenary and not 
subject to judicial review. 
transaction outside interstate 
Question # 9 — Contracts 
A fugitive was wanted for murder. The authorities 
offered the following reward: "$20,000 to anyone 
who provides information leading to the arrest and 
conviction of this fugitive." A private detective knew 
of the reward, located the fugitive, and brought him 
to the authorities, who arrested him. The authorities 
then determined that while the fugitive had, in fact, 
committed the crime, he had been directed to commit 
the crime by his boss. The authorities and the fugitive 
then agreed that in exchange for the fugitive's 
testimony against his boss, all charges against the 
fugitive would be dropped. The fugitive testified and 
was released. The authorities refused to pay the 
reward to the private detective on the ground that the 
fugitive was never convicted. 
Would the private detective be likely to prevail in a 
breach of contract action against the authorities? 
(A) No, because the private detective failed to notify 
the authorities that he had accepted the reward 
offer. 
(B) No, because the express conditions set out in the 
reward were not met. 
(C) Yes, because the authorities' agreement with the 
fugitive was against public policy. 
(D) Yes, 
because 
the 
authorities 
themselves 
prevented the conviction of the fugitive. 
Question # 10 — Evidence 
A defendant was on trial for burglary. The prosecutor 
called the arresting officer to testify that shortly after 
her arrest and interrogation, the defendant had orally 
admitted her guilt to the officer. Before the officer 
testified, the defendant objected that no Miranda 
warning had been given to her, and she requested a 
hearing outside the presence of the jury to hear 
evidence on that issue. 
How should the court proceed? 
(A) The court should grant the request, because the 
hearing on the admissibility of the confession 
must be conducted outside the presence of the 
jury. 
(B) The court may grant or deny the request, because 
the court has discretion whether to conduct 
preliminary hearings in the presence of the jury. 
(C) The court should deny the request and rule the 
confession inadmissible, because only signed 
confessions are permitted in criminal cases. 
(O) The court should deny the request and rule the 
confession admissible, because it is the statement 
of a party-opponent. 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 
EFTA00811413
--- PAGE 5 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
• 
Question # 11- Torts 
Under the Federal Tort Claims Act, with certain 
exceptions not relevant here, the federal government 
is liable only for negligence. A federally owned and 
operated nuclear reactor emitted substantial quantities 
of radioactive matter that settled on a nearby dairy 
fans, killing the dairy herd and contaminating the 
soil. At the trial of an action brought against the 
federal government by the farm's owner, the trier of 
fact found that the nuclear plant had a sound design, 
but that a valve made by the Acme Engineering 
Company had malfunctioned and allowed the 
radioactive matter to escape, that Acme Engineering 
Company is universally regarded as a quality 
manufacturer of components for nuclear plants, and 
that there was no way the federal government could 
have anticipated or prevented the emission of the 
radioactive matter. 
If there is no other applicable statute, for whom 
should the trial judge enter judgment? 
(A) The plaintiff, on the ground that the doctrine of 
res ipsa loquitur applies. 
(B) The plaintiff, on the ground that one who allows 
dangerous material to escape to the property of 
another is liable for the damage done. 
(C) The defendant, on the ground that a case under 
the Federal Tort Claims Act has not been proved. 
(D) The defendant, on the ground that the Acme 
Engineering Company is the proximate cause of 
the owner's damage. 
Question # I2- Criminal Law and Procedure 
A state statute provides as follows: "In all criminal 
cases, whenever the Constitution permits, the burden 
of proof as to a defense claimed by the defendant 
shall rest on the defendant, and the magnitude of the 
burden shall be as great as the Constitution permits." 
The same state defines the crime of forcible rape as 
follows: "Forcible rape consists of sexual penetration 
inflicted on an unconsenting person by means of 
force or violence. Consent of the victim is a complete 
defense to a charge of rape." 
At a defendant's trial for forcible rape, he testified 
that the alleged victim had consented to having 
sexual intercourse with him. 
How should the trial judge instruct the jury regarding 
the issue of consent? 
(A) The burden of proving that the victim consented, 
by a preponderance of the evidence, rests on the 
defendant. 
(B) The burden of proving that the victim consented, 
by clear and convincing evidence, rests on the 
defendant. 
(C) The burden of proving that the victim consented, 
by proof beyond a reasonable doubt, rests on the 
defendant. 
(D) The burden of proving that the victim did not 
consent, by proof beyond a reasonable doubt, 
rests on the prosecution. 
Question # 13— Contracts 
A buyer and a seller entered into a contract for the 
sale of 10,000 novelty bracelets. The seller had the 
bracelets in stock. The contract specified that the 
seller would ship the bracelets by a third-party 
carrier. However, the contract did not specify either 
who was to pay the costs of carriage or the place of 
tender for the bracelets. 
On the above facts, when would the risk of loss of the 
bracelets pass to the buyer? 
(A) When the contract was made. 
(B) When the bracelets were identified to the 
contract by the seller, assuming the goods 
conformed to the contract. 
(C) When the bracelets were delivered to a carrier 
and a proper contract for their carriage was 
made. 
(O) When the bracelets were unloaded on the buyer's 
premises by the carrier. 
Question # 14 - Constitutional Law 
A state legislature received complaints from accident 
victims who, in the days immediately following their 
accidents, had received unwelcome and occasionally 
misleading telephone calls on behalf of medical care 
providers. The callers warned of the risks of not 
obtaining prompt medical evaluation to detect 
injuries resulting from accidents and offered free 
examinations to determine whether the victims had 
suffered any injuries. 
In response to these complaints, the legislature 
enacted a law prohibiting medical care providers 
from soliciting any accident victim by telephone 
within 30 days of his or her accident. 
Which of the following is the most useful argument 
for the state to use in defending the constitutionality 
of the law? 
(A) Because the commercial speech that is the 
subject of this law includes some speech that is 
• 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811414
--- PAGE 6 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
misleading, the First Amendment does not limit 
the power of the state to regulate that speech. 
(B) Because the law regulates only commercial 
speech, the state need only demonstrate that the 
restriction is rationally related to achieving the 
state's legitimate interests in protecting the 
privacy of accident victims and in regulating the 
medical profession. 
(C) The state has substantial interests in protecting 
the privacy of accident victims and in regulating 
the practice of medical care providers, and the 
law is narrowly tailored to achieve the state's 
objectives. 
(D) The law is a reasonable time, place, and manner 
regulation. 
Question # 15 — Evidence 
A defendant was charged with murder. While 
walking down the hallway during a recess in the 
defendant's trial, the judge overheard the defendant 
say to his attorney, "So what if I did it? There's not 
enough proof to convict." Upon the judge's reporting 
the incident to counsel, the prosecutor called the 
judge as a witness in the trial. 
Is the judge's testimony regarding the defendant's 
statement admissible? 
(A) Yes, as the statement of a party-opponent. 
(B) Yes, because the defendant's statement, although 
otherwise 
privileged, 
was 
made 
without 
reasonable efforts to preserve confidentiality. 
(C) No, because the statement was a privileged 
attorney-client communication. 
(D) No, because a judge may never testify in a trial 
over which he or she is presiding. 
Question # 16 - Real Property 
A man borrowed money from a bank and executed a 
promissory note for the amount secured by a 
mortgage on an office building that he owned. 
Several years later, the man sold the building. As 
specified in the contract of sale, the deed to the buyer 
provided that the buyer agreed "to assume the 
existing mortgage debt" on the building. 
Subsequently, the buyer defaulted on the mortgage 
loan to the bank, and appropriate foreclosure 
proceedings were initiated. The foreclosure sale 
resulted in a deficiency. 
There is no applicable statute. 
Is the buyer liable for the deficiency? 
(A) No, because even if the buyer assumed the 
mortgage, the man is solely responsible for any 
deficiency. 
(B) No, because the buyer did not sign a promissory 
note to the bank and therefore has no personal 
liability. 
(C) Yes, because the buyer assumed the mortgage 
and therefore became personally liable for the 
mortgage loan and any deficiency. 
(D) Yes, because the transfer of the mortgage debt to 
the buyer resulted in a novation of the original 
mortgage and loan and rendered the buyer solely 
responsible for any deficiency. 
Question # 17 — Contracts 
In a written contract, an architect agreed to draw up 
the plans for and to supervise construction of a 
client's new house. In return, the client agreed to pay 
the architect a fee of $10,000 to be paid upon the 
house's completion. After completion, the client 
claimed erroneously but in good faith that the 
architect's plans were defective. The client orally 
offered to pay the architect $7,500 in full settlement 
of the claim for the fee. The architect orally accepted 
that offer despite the fact that the reasonable value of 
his services was in fact $10,000. The client paid the 
architect $7,500 pursuant to their agreement. 
The architect subsequently sued the client for the 
remaining $2,500. In a preliminary finding, the trier 
of fact found that there were no defects in the 
architect's plans. 
Will the architect be likely to prevail in his action 
against the client for $2,500? 
(A) Yes, because payment of $7,500 cannot furnish 
consideration for the architect's promise to 
surrender his claim. 
(B) Yes, because the oral agreement to modify the 
written contract is not enforceable. 
(C) No, because the architect's promise to accept 
$7,500 became binding when the client made the 
payment. 
(D) No, because the architect's acceptance of partial 
payment constituted a novation. 
Question # 18 — Evidence 
A defendant's house was destroyed by fire and she 
was charged with arson. To prove that the defendant 
had a motive to burn down her house, the 
government offered evidence that the defendant had 
fully insured the house and its contents. 
Should the court admit this evidence? 
MBE RELEASED Qt csnons 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 
EFTA00811415
--- PAGE 7 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
(A) No, because the probative value of the evidence 
of insurance upon the issue of whether the 
defendant intentionally burned her house down is 
substantially outweighed by the dangers of unfair 
prejudice and confusion of the jury. 
(B) No, because evidence of insurance is not 
admissible upon the issue of whether the insured 
acted wrongfully. 
(C) Yes, because evidence of insurance on the house 
has a tendency to show that the defendant had a 
motive to burn down the house. 
(D) Yes, because any conduct of a party to the case is 
admissible when offered against the party. 
Question Et 19 — Torts 
The owner of a shopping mall hired a construction 
company to design and construct the entryway to the 
mall. The construction company negligently selected 
an unusually slippery material for the floor covering. 
A customer at the mall slipped on the floor of the 
entryway, sustaining injuries. The customer sued the 
mall owner for the construction company's negligent 
design of the mall's entryway. 
Will the injured customer recover damages? 
(A) 
No, if the construction company was an 
independent contractor. 
(B) 
No, if no customers had previously slipped 
on the floor. 
(C) 
Yes, if the customer intended to make a 
purchase at the mall. 
(D) 
Yes, if the mall's duty to maintain safe 
conditions was nondelegable. 
Question N 20 — Contracts 
On June I, a seller agreed, in a writing signed by both 
the seller and the buyer, to sell an antique car to a 
buyer for $20,000. The car was at the time on display 
in a museum in a different city and was to be 
delivered to the buyer on August I. On July 15, 
before the risk of loss had passed to the buyer, the car 
was destroyed by fire without fault of either party. 
Subsequent to the contract but before the fire, the car 
had increased in value to $30,000. The seller sued the 
buyer for the contract price of $20,000, and the buyer 
counterclaimed for $30,000. 
Which of the following will the court conclude? 
(A) Both claims fail. 
(B) Only the seller's claim prevails. 
(C) Only the buyer's claim prevails. 
(D) Both claims prevail. 
Question k 21 - Constitutional Law 
A report released by a Senate investigating 
committee named three U.S. citizens as helping to 
organize support for terrorist activities. All three 
were employed by the U.S. government as park 
rangers. 
Congress enacted a statute naming the three 
individuals identified in the report and providing that 
they could not hold any position of employment with 
the federal government. 
Which of the following constitutional provisions 
provides the best means for challenging the 
constitutionality of the statute? 
(A) The bill of attainder clause. 
(B) The due process clause. 
(C) The ex post facto clause. 
(D) The takings clause. 
Question q 22 - Real Property 
A seller owned a single family house. A buyer gave 
the seller a signed handwritten offer to purchase the 
house. The offer was unconditional and sufficient to 
satisfy the statute of frauds, and when the seller 
signed an acceptance an enforceable contract 
resulted. 
The house on the land had been the seller's home, but 
he had moved to an apartment, so the house was 
vacant at all times relevant to the proposed 
transaction. Two weeks after the parties had entered 
into their contract, one week after the buyer had 
obtained a written mortgage lending commitment 
from a lender, and one week before the agreed-upon 
closing date, the house was struck by lightning and 
burned to the ground. The loss was not insured, 
because three years earlier, the seller had let his 
homeowner's insurance policy lapse after he had paid 
his mortgage debt in full. 
The handwritten contract was wholly silent as to 
matters of financing, risk of loss, and insurance. The 
buyer declared the contract voided by the fire, but the 
seller asserted a right to enforce the contract despite 
the loss. 
There is no applicable statute. 
If a court finds for the seller, what is the likely 
reason? 
(A) The contract was construed against the buyer, 
who drafted it. 
(B) The lender's written commitment to make a 
• 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
 • 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811416
--- PAGE 8 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
mortgage loan to the buyer made the contract of 
sale fully binding on the buyer. 
(C) The risk of loss falls on the party in possession, 
and constructive possession passed to the buyer 
on the contract date. 
(D) The risk of loss passed to the buyer on the 
contract date under the doctrine of equitable 
conversion. 
Question # 23 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A federal grand jury was investigating drug 
trafficking in the jurisdiction. It subpoenaed a witness 
to testify, and the prosecutor advised the witness that 
he had a Fifth Amendment privilege not to testi& if 
he so chose. The witness asked that his counsel be 
allowed to advise him inside the grand jury room, but 
the prosecutor refused to allow the attorney inside. 
The witness, after speaking with his attorney outside 
the grand jury room, decided to testify and ended up 
making self-incriminating statements. 
The witness subsequently was indicted for drug 
crimes. The indictment was based on the witness's 
grand jury testimony and on evidence seized in an 
unconstitutional search of the witness's home. 
The witness moved to dismiss the indictment. 
Should the court dismiss the indictment? 
(A) Yes, because the witness was denied his 
constitutional right to advice of counsel. 
(B) Yes, because the indictment was based upon 
illegally seized evidence. 
(C) No, 
because 
the 
witness 
waived 
his 
constitutional rights by testifying. 
(D) No, because the witness had no right to counsel 
inside the grand jury room and the illegally 
seized evidence did not affect the validity of the 
indictment. 
Question # 24 -Torts 
A hiker sustained a head injury when he was struck 
by a limb that fell from a tree. At the time of his 
injury, the hiker was walking through a forest on 
private property without the property owner's 
knowledge or permission. It was determined that the 
limb fell because the tree was infested with termites. 
In an action by the hiker against the property owner 
to recover for his head injury, will the hiker be likely 
to prevail? 
(A) No, because the property owner could not 
foresee that anyone would be injured. 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
• 
(B) No, because the property owner breached no 
duty to the hiker, who was a trespasser. 
(C) Yes, because the property owner had a duty to 
prevent the trees on his property from becoming 
dangerous. 
(D) Yes, because the property owner is liable for 
hidden dangers on his property. 
Question # 25 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
United 
States 
customs 
officials 
received 
an 
anonymous tip that heroin would be found inside a 
distinctively marked red package mailed from a 
foreign country to the United States. Pursuant to this 
tip, United States customs officers opened the red 
package and found heroin inside. They then resealed 
the package and left the heroin inside it. The FBI was 
notified and, as agents watched, the package was 
delivered to the address. 
The FBI then secured a warrant to search the house 
for the package. About two hours after the package 
was delivered, the warrant was executed at the 
house. The man who opened the door was arrested, 
and the agents found the package, unopened, in an 
upstairs bedroom closet. After seizing the package, 
the agents looked through the rest of the house. In a 
footlocker in the basement, they found a machine 
gun. 
The man was charged with, among other crimes, 
unlawful possession of the machine gun. He moved 
to suppress its use as evidence. 
Should the court grant the motion to suppress the 
machine gun? 
(A) Yes, because the search exceeded the authority 
granted by the warrant. 
(B) Yes, because the initial search by the customs 
officers was without probable cause. 
(C) No, because, having found the package, the 
agents had probable cause to believe more 
narcotics could be located in the house and the 
gun was found in a proper search for narcotics. 
(D) No, because narcotics dealers are often armed 
and the search was justified to protect the agents. 
Question ii 26 — Contracts 
A homeowner and a contractor entered into a contract 
for the construction of a home for the price of 
$300,000. The contractor was to earn a profit of 
$10,000 for the job. After the contractor had spent 
$45,000 on labor and materials, including $5,000 on 
oak flooring not yet installed, the homeowner 
informed the contractor that the homeowner had lost 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
ESL 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811417
--- PAGE 9 ---
AXIERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
his job and could not pay for any services. The 
homeowner told the contractor to stop working 
immediately. The reasonable market value of the 
labor and materials provided by the contractor at that 
point, including the oak flooring, was $40,000. The 
contractor used the $5,000 worth of oak flooring on 
another job. 
In an action by the contractor against the homeowner 
for damages, which of the following would be the 
largest amount of damages recoverable by the 
contractor? 
(A) $40,000, the reasonable value of the services the 
contractor had provided. 
(B) $40,000, the contractor's construction costs. 
(C) $50,000, the contractor's construction costs of 
$45,000 plus the $10,000 profit minus the $5,000 
saved by reusing the oak flooring on another job. 
(D) $55,000, the contractor's construction costs of 
$45,000 plus the $10,000 profit. 
Question # 27 - Real Property 
A man died testate. The man's estate consisted of a 
residence as well as significant personal property. By 
his duly probated will, the man devised the residence 
to a friend who was specifically identified in the will. 
The residue of the estate was given to a stated 
charity. 
The man's friend, although alive at the time the man 
executed the will, predeceased the man. The friend's 
wife and their child, who has a disability, survived 
the man. 
The value of the residence has increased significantly 
because of recent zoning changes. There is credible 
extrinsic evidence that the man wanted his friend to 
own the residence after the man's death so that the 
friend and his wife could care for their child there. 
There is no applicable statute. 
If both the charity and the child claim the residence, 
to whom should the estate distribute the residence? 
(A) The charity, because the devise to the friend 
adeemed. 
(B) The charity, because the devise to the friend 
lapsed. 
(C) The child, because extrinsic evidence exists that 
the man's intent was to benefit the child. 
(D) The child, because no conditions of survivorship 
were noted in the will. 
Question # 28- Constitutional Law 
Several sites on a mountain within federal public 
lands are regarded as sacred to a group that for years 
has gathered there to perform religious ceremonies. 
The United States Forest Service recently issued a 
permit to a private developer to construct a ski 
facility in an area that includes the sites that are 
sacred to the group. 
The group filed suit in federal district court against 
the Forest Service to force cancellation of the permit. 
The group claimed solely that the permit violated its 
First Amendment right to the free exercise of 
religion. The Forest Service conceded that the 
group's religious beliefs were sincere and that the ski 
facility would adversely affect the group's religious 
practices. 
In order to prevail in its First Amendment claim, 
what must the group show? 
(A) Construction of the ski facility will have a 
discriminatory impact on the group's religious 
practices in relation to the practices of other 
religious groups. 
(B) The burden on the group's religious practices 
imposed by construction of the ski facility 
outweighs the government's interest in allowing 
the facility. 
(C) The Forest Service can achieve its legitimate 
interest in allowing the ski facility by issuing a 
permit that is less burdensome on the group's 
religious practices. 
(D) The permit issued by the Forest Service is aimed 
at suppressing the religious practices of the 
group. 
Question # 29 - Evidence 
A defendant was charged with battery for allegedly 
attacking a man as they left a local bar together. No 
one else witnessed the fight. At trial, each testified 
that he had acted only in self-defense. The defendant 
called his next-door neighbor as a witness to testify 
as to the defendant's reputation both for truthfulness 
and for peacefulness. The government objected to the 
testimony in its entirety. 
How should the court proceed? 
(A) Admit the evidence in its entirety. 
(B) Admit the evidence regarding the defendant's 
reputation for peacefulness, but exclude the 
evidence regarding his truthfulness. 
(C) Exclude the evidence regarding the defendant's 
reputation for peacefulness, but admit the 
evidence regarding his truthfulness. 
(D) Exclude the evidence in its entirety. 
• 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811418
--- PAGE 10 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
Question # 30 - Torts 
A cigarette maker created and published a magazine 
advertisement that featured a model dressed as a 
race-car driver standing in front of a distinctive race 
car. In fact, the car looked almost exactly like the 
very unusually marked one driven by a famous and 
popular driver. The driver in the ad was not 
identified, and his face was not shown in the 
advertisement. The cigarette maker published the 
advertisement without obtaining the famous driver's 
permission. The race-car driver sued the cigarette 
maker for economic loss only, based on common law 
misappropriation of the right of publicity. The 
cigarette maker moved to dismiss the complaint. 
Will the cigarette maker's motion to dismiss the 
complaint be granted? 
(A) No, because there are sufficient indicia of the 
driver's identity to support a verdict of liability. 
(B) Yes, because the driver is a public figure. 
(C) Yes, because there was no mention of the 
driver's name in the ad. 
(D) Yes, because the driver did not claim any 
emotional or dignitary loss. 
Question 14 31 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
In a city, a number of armed bank robberies were 
committed near closing time by a masked man 
wearing a white hooded sweatshirt and blue 
sweatpants. Police saw a man wearing a white 
hooded sweatshirt and blue sweatpants pacing 
nervously outside one of the city's banks just before 
it closed. The police stopped the man and frisked the 
outer layers of his clothing for weapons, but found 
none. They asked the man what he was doing outside 
the bank and pointed out that he was wearing 
clothing similar to clothing worn by the perpetrator 
of recent robberies. After pausing for several 
moments, the man confessed. The police had not 
provided him with any Miranda warnings. 
After being charged with the bank robberies, the man 
moved to suppress his confession. The parties agreed, 
and the court properly found, that the police had 
reasonable suspicion but not probable cause at all 
times before the man confessed. 
Should the man's motion to suppress be granted? 
(A) Yes, because the confession was the fruit of a 
Fourth Amendment violation, even though there 
was no Miranda violation. 
(B) Yes, because the confession was the fruit of a 
Miranda violation, even though there was no 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
• 
Fourth Amendment violation. 
(C) Yes, because the confession was the fruit of both 
a Fourth Amendment violation and a Miranda 
violation. 
(D) No, because there was neither 
a Fourth 
Amendment violation nor a Miranda violation. 
Question # 32 - Real Property 
A man owned property that he used as his residence. 
The man received a loan, secured by a mortgage on 
the property, from a bank. Later, the man defaulted 
on the loan. The bank then brought an appropriate 
action to foreclose the mortgage, was the sole bidder 
at the judicial sale, and received title to the property 
as a result of the foreclosure sale. 
Shortly after the foreclosure sale, the man received a 
substantial inheritance. He approached the bank to 
repurchase the property, but the bank decided to build 
a branch office on the property and declined to sell. 
If the man prevails in an appropriate action to recover 
title to the property, what is the most likely reason? 
(A) He had used the property as his residence. 
(B) He timely exercised an equitable right of 
redemption.
(C) The court applied the doctrine of exoneration. 
(D) The jurisdiction provides for a statutory right of 
redemption. 
Question # 33 - Real Property 
A farmer borrowed SI 00,000 from a bank and gave 
the bank a promissory note secured by a mortgage on 
the farm that she owned. The bank promptly and 
properly recorded the mortgage, which contained a 
due-on-sale provision. 
A few years later, the farmer borrowed $5,000 from a 
second bank and gave it a promissory note secured by 
a mortgage on her farm. The bank promptly and 
properly recorded the mortgage. 
Subsequently, the farmer defaulted on her obligation 
to the first bank, which then validly accelerated the 
debt 
and 
instituted 
nonjudicial 
foreclosure 
proceedings as permitted by the jurisdiction. The 
second bank received notice of the foreclosure sale 
but did not send a representative to the sale. At the 
foreclosure sale, a buyer who was not acting in 
collusion with the farmer outbid all other bidders and 
received a deed to the farm. 
Several months later, the original farmer repurchased 
her farm from the buyer, who executed a warranty 
MBE Et 
• 
ElleAsED 
QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811419
--- PAGE 11 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
deed transferring the farm to her. After the fanner 
promptly and properly recorded that deed, the second 
bank commenced foreclosure proceedings on the 
farm. The farmer denied the validity of the second 
bank's mortgage. 
Does the second bank continue to have a valid 
mortgage on the farm? 
(A) Yes, because of the doctrine of estoppel by deed. 
(B) Yes, because the original owner reacquired title 
to the farm. 
(C) No, because the purchase at the foreclosure sale 
by the buyer under these facts eliminated the 
second bank's junior mortgage lien. 
(D) No, because of the due-on-sale provision in the 
farmer's mortgage to the first bank. 
Question # 34 - Evidence 
At a trial of a contract dispute, the plaintiff offered to 
testi& to what the defendant said in a private 
conversation between the two of them, which the 
plaintiff had secretly recorded on an audiotape that 
she did not offer in evidence. 
Is the plaintiff's testimony admissible? 
(A) Yes, 
because 
the 
plaintiff has 
personal 
knowledge of the statement of a party-opponent. 
(B) Yes, because the original document rule does not 
apply to audiotapes. 
(C) No, because the statement must be proved by 
introduction of the audiotape itself. 
(D) No, because of the plaintiff's deception, even if 
the recording was not illegal. 
Question # 35 - Torts 
A manufacturing plant located near a busy highway 
uses and stores highly volatile explosives. The owner 
of the plant has imposed strict safety measures to 
prevent an explosion at the plant. During an 
unusually heavy windstorm, a large tile was blown 
off the roof of the plant and crashed into the 
windshield of a passing car, damaging it. The driver 
of the car brought a strict liability action against the 
owner of the plant to recover for the damage to the 
car's windshield. 
Is the driver likely to prevail? 
(A) No, because the damage to the windshield did 
not result from the abnormally dangerous aspect 
of the plant's activity. 
(B) No, because the severity of the windstorm was 
unusual. 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 1 
• 
(C) Yes, because the plant's activity was abnormally 
dangerous. 
(D) Yes, because the plant's location near a busy 
highway was abnormally dangerous. 
Question # 36 - Contracts 
While waiting in line to open an account with a bank, 
a customer read a poster on the bank's wall that said, 
"New Customers! $25 FOR 5 MINUTES. If you 
stand in line for more than five minutes, we will pay 
you $25! We like happy customers!" The customer 
started timing his wait and just as five minutes was 
about to pass, the bank manager tore the poster down 
and announced, "The $25 stand-in-line promotion is 
over." The customer waited in line for 10 more 
minutes before being served. 
Does the customer have a claim against the bank for 
$25? 
(A) No, because the bank withdrew its offer before 
the 
customer 
completed 
the 
requested 
performance. 
(B) No, because the bank's statement was a 
nonbinding gift promise. 
(C) Yes, because the bank could not revoke its offer 
once the customer had commenced performance. 
(D) Yes, because the customer's presence in line 
served as notice to the bank that he had accepted. 
Question # 37 - Constitutional Law 
A federal statute required that any individual or entity 
owning more than 100 cars had to ensure that at least 
percent of those cars were electric-powered. 
A city filed suit in federal district court against the 
federal official who enforced this requirement. The 
city sought an injunction prohibiting enforcement of 
the statute on the ground that it was unconstitutional. 
Should the court grant the injunction? 
(A) 
No, because the statute is valid under the 
commerce clause and does not violate the Tenth 
Amendment. 
(B) 
No, because the federal government has 
sovereign immunity and cannot be sued without its 
explicit consent. 
(C) 
Yes, because the statute violates the 
reserved rights of the states under the Tenth 
Amendment. 
(D) 
Yes, because as applied to state and local 
governments, the statute exceeds Congress's power 
under the commerce clause. 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811420
--- PAGE 12 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 
• 
Question # 38 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A driver stopped at a red light in his home state. A 
stranger opened the passenger door, got in, and 
pointed a gun at the driver. The stranger then directed 
the driver to keep driving. They drove several miles, 
crossed into a neighboring state, and drove several 
more miles. When they reached a remote location, 
the stranger ordered the driver to pull over. The 
stranger then robbed the driver of his wallet and cash, 
and ordered him out of the car. The stranger drove off 
in the driver's car. 
The stranger is charged with kidnapping in the 
neighboring state, which has adopted the Model 
Penal Code. 
Could the stranger properly be convicted of 
kidnapping in the neighboring state? 
(A) Yes, because the driver was transported under 
threat of force in the neighboring state. 
(B) Yes, because the driver in effect paid ransom for 
his release. 
(C) No, because any kidnapping took place in the 
driver's home state. 
(D) No, because the restraint was incidental to the 
robbery. 
Question # 39 - Contracts 
On June I, a seller received a mail order from a buyer 
requesting prompt shipment of a specified computer 
model at the seller's current catalog price. On June 2, 
the seller mailed to the buyer a letter accepting the 
order and assuring the buyer that the computer would 
be shipped on June 3. On June 3, the seller realized 
that he was out of that computer model and shipped 
to the buyer a different computer model and a notice 
of accommodation. On June 5, the buyer received the 
seller's June 2 letter and the different computer 
model, but not the notice of accommodation. 
At that juncture, which of the following is a correct 
statement of the parties' legal rights and duties? 
(A) The buyer can either accept or reject the different 
computer model and in either event recover 
damages, if any, for breach of contract. 
(B) The buyer can either accept or reject the different 
computer model, but if he rejects it, he will 
thereby waive any remedy for breach of contract. 
(C) The seller's prompt shipment of nonconforming 
goods constituted an acceptance of the buyer's 
offer, thereby creating a contract for sale of the 
replacement computer model. 
(D) The seller's notice of accommodation was timely 
.,MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
mailed and his shipment of the different 
computer model constituted a counteroffer. 
Question # 40 - Evidence 
A plaintiff sued a ladder manufacturer for injuries he 
suffered to his neck and back when a rung of the 
ladder on which he was standing gave way. When the 
plaintiff's back and neck continued to be very sore 
after more than two weeks, his treating physician sent 
him to an orthopedist for an evaluation. Though the 
orthopedist did not treat the plaintiff, he diagnosed an 
acute cervical strain. At trial, the plaintiff called the 
orthopedist to testify that in response to the 
orthopedist's inquiry about how the plaintiff had 
injured his back, the plaintiff told him, "I was 
standing near the top of a I5-foot ladder when I 
abruptly fell, landing hard on my back, after which 
the ladder toppled onto my neck." 
Should the statement be admitted? 
(A) Yes, because the plaintiff is present and can be 
cross-examined about it. 
(B) Yes, because it was made for the purpose of 
medical diagnosis or treatment. 
(C) No, because it was not made to a treating 
physician. 
(D) No, because it relates to the inception or the 
cause of the injury rather than the plaintiff's 
physical condition. 
Question ft 41 - Constitutional Law 
The United States government demonstrated that 
terrorist attacks involving commercial airliners were 
perpetrated exclusively by individuals of one 
particular race. In response, Congress enacted a 
statute imposing stringent new airport and airline 
security measures only on individuals of that race 
seeking to board airplanes in the United States. 
Which of the following provides the best ground for 
challenging the constitutionality of this statute? 
(A) The commerce clause of Article I, Section 8. 
(B) The due process clause of the Fifth Amendment. 
(C) The privileges and immunities clause of Article 
IV. 
(D) The privileges or immunities clause of the 
Fourteenth Amendment. 
Question # 42 - Torts 
A consumer bought an electric kitchen blender from 
the manufacturer. Soon after the purchase, the 
consumer was using the blender in an appropriate 
I I 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811421
--- PAGE 13 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 
way when the blender jar shattered, throwing a piece 
of glass into the consumer's eye. 
The consumer brought an action against the 
manufacturer based solely on strict product liability. 
The consumer's expert testified that the blender was 
defectively designed. However, because the blender 
jar was destroyed in the accident, the expert could not 
determine whether the accident was caused by the 
design defect or a manufacturing defect. The 
manufacturer's expert testified that the blender was 
not defective. 
If, at the conclusion of the evidence, both parties 
move for directed verdicts, how should the trial judge 
rule? 
(A) Direct a verdict for the manufacturer, because 
the consumer's expert was unable to specify the 
nature of the defect. 
(B) Direct a verdict for the manufacturer, because 
the consumer's action was brought solely on a 
strict liability theory. 
(C) Direct a verdict for the consumer, because the 
blender was new when the jar shattered. 
(D) Deny both motions and send the case to the jury, 
because a jury reasonably could conclude that 
the harm probably was caused by a defect 
present in the product when it was sold. 
Question # 43 - Constitutional Law 
Congressional committees heard testimony from 
present and former holders of licenses issued by state 
vocational licensing boards. According to the 
testimony, the boards had unfairly manipulated their 
disciplinary proceedings in order to revoke the 
licenses of some license holders as a means of 
protecting favored licensees from competition. 
In response, Congress enacted a statute prescribing 
detailed procedural requirements for the disciplinary 
proceedings of all state vocational licensing boards. 
For example, the statute required the state boards to 
provide 
licensees 
with 
adequate 
notice 
and 
opportunity for an adjudicatory hearing in all 
disciplinary proceedings. The statute also prescribed 
criteria for the membership of all state vocational 
licensing boards that were designed to ensure that the 
boards were likely to be neutral. 
Which of the following provides the best source of 
authority for this federal statute? 
(A) Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
(B) The general welfare clause of Article I, Section 
8. 
(C) The privileges and immunities clause of Article 
IV, Section 2. 
(O) The takings clause of the Fifth Amendment. 
Question # 44 - Real Property 
A seller who owned land in fee simple entered into a 
valid written agreement to sell the land to a buyer by 
installment purchase. The contract stipulated that the 
seller would deliver to the buyer, upon the payment 
of the last installment due, "a warranty deed 
sufficient to convey a fee simple title." The contract 
contained no other provision that could be construed 
as referring to title. 
The buyer entered into possession of the land. After 
making 10 of the 300 installment payments obligated 
under the contract, the buyer discovered that there 
was outstanding a valid and enforceable mortgage on 
the land, securing the payment of a debt in the 
amount of 25 percent of the purchase price that the 
buyer had agreed to pay. There was no evidence that 
the seller had ever been late in payments due under 
the mortgage and there was no evidence of any 
danger of insolvency of the seller. The value of the 
land was then four times the amount due on the debt 
secured by the mortgage. 
The buyer quit possession of the land, stopped 
making payments on the contract, and demanded that 
the seller repay the amounts that the buyer had paid 
under the contract. After the seller refused the 
demand, the buyer sued the seller to recover damages 
for the seller's alleged breach of the contract. 
In such action, should damages be awarded to the 
buyer? 
(A) 
Yes, because in the absence of a contrary 
express 
agreement, 
an obligation 
to 
convey 
marketable title is implied. 
(B) 
Yes, because an installment purchase 
contract is treated as a mortgage and the outstanding 
mortgage impairs the buyer's equity of redemption. 
(C) 
No, because 
an 
installment 
purchase 
contract is treated as a security device. 
(D) 
No, because the time for the seller to deliver 
marketable title has not arrived. 
Question # 45 - Contracts 
On May 1, a seller and a buyer entered into a written 
contract, signed by both parties, for the sale of a tract 
of land for $100,000. Delivery of the deed and 
payment of the purchase price were scheduled for 
July I. On June 1, the buyer received a letter from the 
seller repudiating the contract. On June 5, the buyer 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811422
--- PAGE 14 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
• 
bought a second tract of land at a higher price as a 
substitute for the first tract. On June 10, the seller 
communicated a retraction of the repudiation to the 
buyer. 
The buyer did not tender the purchase price for the 
first tract on July 1, but subsequently sued the seller 
for breach of contract. 
Will the buyer likely prevail? 
(A) No, because the seller retracted the repudiation 
prior to the agreed time for performance. 
(B) No, because the buyer's tender of the purchase 
price on July I was a constructive condition to 
the seller's duty to tender a conveyance. 
(C) Yes, because the seller's repudiation was 
nonretractable after it was communicated to the 
buyer. 
(D) Yes, because the buyer bought the second tract 
as a substitute for the first tract prior to the 
seller's retraction. 
Question # 46 - Torts 
A driver negligently ran over a pedestrian. A 
bystander witnessed the accident from across the 
street. The bystander ran to the pedestrian, whom he 
did not know, and administered first aid, but the 
pedestrian died in the bystander's arms. The 
bystander suffered serious emotional distress as a 
result of his failure to save the pedestrian's life, but 
he experienced no resulting physical manifestations. 
The bystander brought a negligence action against the 
driver. 
Is the bystander likely to prevail? 
(A) No, because the bystander assumed the risk. 
(B) No, because the bystander had no familial or 
other 
preexisting 
relationship 
with 
the 
pedestrian. 
(C) Yes, because danger invites rescue. 
(D) Yes, because the bystander was in the zone of 
danger. 
Question # 47 - Constitutional Law 
A state legislature conducted an investigation into a 
series of fatal accidents in the state involving 
commercial trucks with trailer exteriors made of 
polished aluminum. The investigation revealed that 
the sun's glare off of these trucks blinded the drivers 
of other vehicles. The state's legislature then enacted 
a law prohibiting commercial trucks with polished 
aluminum trailer exteriors from traveling on the 
state's highways. 
RELEASED QUESTIONS 
Litigation over the state law resulted in a final 
decision by the United States Supreme Court that the 
law impermissibly burdened interstate commerce 
and, therefore, was unconstitutional. Congress later 
enacted a statute permitting any state to enact a law 
regulating the degree of light reflectiveness of the 
exteriors of commercial trucks using the state's 
highways. 
Is this federal statute constitutional? 
(A) No, because the U.S. Supreme Court has already 
determined that state laws of this type 
impermissibly burden interstate commerce. 
(B) No, because Article III vests the judicial power 
in the federal courts, the essence of judicial 
power is the ability to render a final judgment, 
and this statute overrules a final judgment of the 
federal Supreme Court. 
(C) Yes, because Article I, Section 8 grants Congress 
authority to enact statutes authorizing states to 
impose burdens on interstate commerce that 
would otherwise be prohibited. 
(D) Yes, because Article 1, Section 8 grants Congress 
authority to enact statutes for the general 
welfare, and Congress. 
Question # 48 - Evidence 
A plaintiff sued a defendant for wrongful death 
arising out of a traffic collision between the 
plaintiff's decedent and the defendant. At trial, the 
investigating traffic officer authenticated a tape 
recording of her shift-end dictation of comments used 
in preparing the written report of her factual 
findings. She testified that the tape recording was 
accurate when made and that she currently had no 
clear memory of the details of the investigation. 
Is the tape recording admissible as evidence? 
(A) Yes, under the past recollection recorded 
exception to the hearsay rule. 
(B) Yes, under the public records exception to the 
hearsay rule. 
(C) No, because it is hearsay and is a police report 
being offered against the defendant in a wrongful 
death case. 
(D) No, because the police report itself is the best 
evidence. 
Question # 09 - Contracts 
A debtor's liquidated and undisputed $1,000 debt to a 
creditor was due on March 1. On March 15, the 
creditor told the debtor that if the debtor promised to 
pay the S1,000 on or before December 1, then the 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811423
--- PAGE 15 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 1 
creditor wouldn't sue to collect the debt. The debtor 
orally agreed. On April I, the creditor sued the debtor 
to collect the debt that had become due on March I. 
The debtor moved to dismiss the creditor's 
complaint. 
Should the court grant the debtor's motion? 
(A) No, because there was no consideration to 
support the creditor's promise not to sue. 
(B) No, because there was no consideration to 
support the debtor's promise to pay $1,000 on 
December I. 
(C) Yes, because a promise to allow a debtor to 
delay payment on a past debt is enforceable 
without consideration. 
(D) Yes, because the debtor was bargaining for the 
creditor's forbearance. 
Question # 50 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A man who had become very drunk left a bar and 
started to walk home. Another patron of the bar, who 
had observed the man's condition, followed him. The 
patron saw the man stumble and fall to the ground 
near an alley. The patron then began to pull out a gun 
but saw that the man had passed out asleep in the 
gutter. The patron reached into the man's pocket, 
grabbed his wallet, and started to walk away. When 
the patron heard police officers approaching, he 
dropped the wallet and ran off. 
The crimes below are listed in descending order of 
seriousness. 
What is the most serious crime for which the patron 
properly could be convicted? 
(A) 
(B) 
(C) 
(D) 
Robbery 
Larceny 
Attempted robbery. 
Attempted larceny. 
Question # 51 - Contracts 
On March I, a homeowner contacted a builder about 
constructing an addition to the homeowner's house. 
The builder orally offered to perform the work for 
$200,000 if his pending bid on another project was 
rejected. The homeowner accepted the builder's 
terms and the builder then prepared a written contract 
that both parties signed. The contract did not refer to 
the builder's pending bid. One week later, upon 
learning that his pending bid on the other project had 
been accepted, the builder refused to perform any 
work for the homeowner. 
Can the homeowner recover for the builder's 
nonperformance? 
(A) No, because efficiency principles justify the 
builder's services being directed to a higher-
valued use. 
(B) No, because the builder's duty to perform was 
subject to a condition. 
(C) Yes, because the builder's attempt to condition 
his duty to perform rendered the contract 
illusory. 
(D) Yes, because the parol evidence rule would bar 
the builder from presenting evidence of oral 
understandings not included in the final writing. 
Question # 52 - Constitutional Law 
A city passed an ordinance requiring individuals to 
obtain a license in order to care for children under the 
age of 12 for pay. To receive such a license, the 
ordinance required the individuals to complete 10 
hours of instruction in child care, undergo a 
background check, and pay a 5100 fee. The 
ordinance affected women disproportionately to men, 
because female babysitters far outnumbered male 
babysitters in the city. City officials who promoted 
the measure said that the certification process would 
ensure that babysitters were adequately regulated for 
the health and safety of the city's children. 
Is the ordinance constitutional? 
(A) No, because it has a disparate impact on women 
without a showing that the ordinance is 
necessary to advance a compelling government 
interest. 
(B) No, because it infringes on the freedom of 
contract without a compelling government 
interest. 
(C) Yes, because any burden it imposes is clearly 
outweighed by 
an 
important 
government 
objective. 
(D) Yes, because it is rationally related to a 
legitimate government objective. 
Question # 53- Real Property 
By a valid written contract, a seller agreed to sell land 
to a buyer. The contract stated, "The parties 2gLee 
that closing will occur on next May I at 10 M." 
There was no other reference to closing. The contract 
was silent as to quality of title. 
On April 27, the seller notified the buyer that she had 
discovered that the land was subject to a longstanding 
easement in favor of a corporation for a towpath for a 
canal, should the corporation ever want to build a 
• 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 1 
EFTA00811424
--- PAGE 16 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
canal. 
The buyer thought it so unlikely that a canal would 
be built that the closing should occur notwithstanding 
this outstanding easement. Therefore, the buyer 
notified the seller on April 28 that he would expect to 
close on May 1. 
When the seller refused to close, the buyer sued for 
specific performance. 
Will the buyer prevail? 
(A) No, because the easement renders the seller's 
title unmarketable. 
(B) No, because rights of third parties are 
unresolved. 
(C) Yes, because the decision to terminate the 
contract for title not being marketable belongs 
only to the buyer. 
(D) Yes, because the seller did not give notice of the 
easement a reasonable time before the closing 
date. 
Question b 54 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A drug dealer agreed with another individual to 
purchase heroin from the individual in order to sell it 
on a city street corner. Unknown to the drug dealer, 
the other individual was an undercover police officer 
whose only purpose was to arrest distributors of 
drugs. The drug dealer made a down payment for the 
heroin and agreed to pay the remainder after he sold 
it on the street. As soon as the undercover officer 
handed over the heroin, other officers moved in and 
arrested the dealer. 
The jurisdiction follows the common law approach to 
conspiracy. 
Could the dealer properly be convicted of conspiring 
to distribute drugs? 
(A) No, because there was no overt act. 
(B) No, because there was no plurality of agreement. 
(C) Yes, because neither an overt act nor plurality of 
agreement is required at COmmon law. 
(10) Yes, because the dealer believed all the elements 
of conspiracy were present and cannot take 
advantage of a mistake of fact or law. 
Question H 55 - Constitutional Law 
Residents of a city complained that brightly colored 
gns detracted from the character of the city's 
.historic district and distracted motorists trying to 
'navigate its narrow streets. In response, the city 
council enacted an ordinance requiring any "sign or 
visual display" visible on the streets of the historic 
district to be black and white and to be no more than 
four feet long or wide. 
A political party wanted to hang a six-foot-long red, 
white, and blue political banner in front of a building 
in the historic district. The party filed suit to 
challenge the constitutionality of the sign ordinance 
as applied to the display of its banner. 
Which of the following would be the most useful 
argument for the political party? 
(A) The ordinance is not the least restrictive means 
of promoting a compelling government interest. 
(B) The ordinance is not narrowly tailored to an 
important government interest, nor does it leave 
open alternative channels of communication. 
(C) The ordinance imposes a prior restraint on 
political expression. 
(D) The ordinance effectively favors some categories 
of speech over others. 
Question if 56 - Contracts 
A buyer ordered a new machine from a manufacturer. 
The machine arrived on time and conformed in all 
respects to the contract. The buyer, however, rejected 
the machine because he no longer needed it in his 
business 
and 
returned 
the 
machine 
to 
the 
manufacturer. The manufacturer sold many such 
machines each year and its factory was not operating 
at full capacity. 
In an action by the manufacturer against the buyer for 
breach of contract, which of the following is NOT a 
proper measure of the manufacturer's damages? 
(A) The contract price of the machine. 
(B) The difference between the contract price and the 
market price of the machine. 
(C) The difference between the contract price and the 
price obtained from a proper resale of the 
machine. 
(D) The profit the manufacturer would have made on 
the sale of the machine to the buyer. 
Question q 57 - Contracts 
An insurance company issued an insurance policy to 
a homeowner. The policy failed to contain certain 
coverage terms required by a state insurance statute. 
When the homeowner suffered a loss due to a theft 
that was within the policy's terms, the insurance 
company refused to pay, claiming that the contract 
was unenforceable because it violated the statute. 
,RELEASED Questions 
IS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811425
--- PAGE 17 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
Will the homeowner succeed in an action against the 
insurance company to recover for the loss? 
(A) 
No, because the insurance policy is not a 
divisible contract. 
(B) 
No, because the insurance policy violated 
the statute. 
(C) 
Yes, because the homeowner belongs to the 
class of persons intended to be protected by the 
statute. 
(D) 
Yes, because the insurance policy would be 
strictly construed against the insurance company as 
the drafter. 
Question N 58 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A foreign diplomat discovered that a small person 
could enter a jewelry store by crawling through an air 
vent. The diplomat became friendly with a woman in 
a bar who he believed was small enough to crawl 
through the air vent. Without telling her that he was a 
diplomat, he explained how she could get into the 
jewelry store. She agreed to help him burglarize the 
store. Someone overheard their conversation and 
reported it to the police. Shortly thereafter, the police 
arrested the diplomat and the woman. Both were 
charged with conspiracy to commit burglary. 
Before trial, the diplomat moved to dismiss the 
charge against him on the ground that he was entitled 
to diplomatic immunity. The court granted his 
motion. The woman then moved to dismiss the 
conspiracy charge against her. 
The jurisdiction has adopted the Model Penal Code 
version of conspiracy. 
Should the woman's motion to dismiss 
the 
conspiracy charge against her be granted? 
(A) No, because the diplomat's defense does not 
negate any element of the crime. 
(B) No, because the woman was not aware of the 
diplomat's status. 
(C) Yes, because a conspiracy requires two guilty 
participants. 
(ID) Yes, because but for the diplomat's conduct, no 
conspiracy would have occurred. 
Question N 59 - Torts 
A recently established law school constructed its 
building in a quiet residential neighborhood. The law 
school had obtained all of the necessary municipal 
permits for the construction of the building, which 
included a large clock tower whose clock chimed 
every hour. The chimes disturbed only one 
homeowner in the neighborhood, who had purchased 
her house prior to the construction of the building. 
The homeowner was abnormally sensitive to ringing 
sounds, such as bells and sirens, and found the 
chimes to be extremely annoying. 
In a nuisance action by the homeowner against the 
law school, will the homeowner prevail? 
(A) Yes, because the chimes interfere with the 
homeowner's use and enjoyment of her property. 
(B) Yes, because the homeowner purchased her 
house prior to the construction of the building. 
(C) No, because the chimes do not disturb the other 
residents of the neighborhood. 
(D) No, because the law school had the requisite 
municipal permits to erect the clock tower. 
Question /1 60 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A woman told a man to accompany her into her 
friend's unlocked barn and retrieve an expensive 
black saddle that she said she had loaned to the 
friend. The man accompanied the woman to the 
friend's barn, opened the door, found a black saddle 
hanging high above the ground, and climbed a ladder 
to reach it. He handed the saddle down to the woman, 
and the two left with it together. In fact, the saddle 
belonged to the friend, and when the friend 
discovered the saddle missing, she suspected that the 
woman was the thief. The friend used a screwdriver 
to break into the woman's house to find the saddle. 
Upon discovering the saddle on the woman's table, 
the friend took it back and called the police. 
The jurisdiction follows the common law, except that 
burglary covers structures in addition to dwellings 
and the nighttime element has been eliminated. 
Which, if any, of these individuals is guilty of 
burglary? 
(A) All of them. 
(B) Only the friend. 
(C) The man and the woman. 
(D) Only the woman. 
Question ft 61 - Evidence 
A plaintiff sued his insurance company for the full 
loss of his banquet hall by fire. The insurance 
company defended under a provision of the policy 
limiting liability to 50 percent if "flammable 
materials not essential to the operation of the 
business were stored on the premises and caused a 
fire." The insurance company called the keeper of the 
• 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811426
--- PAGE 18 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
city fire inspection records to identify a report 
prepared and filed by the fire marshal as required by 
law, indicating that shortly before the fire, the fire 
marshal had cited the plaintiff for storing gasoline at 
the banquet hall. 
Is the report admissible? 
(A) 
No, because it is hearsay not within any 
exception. 
(B) 
No, because the proceeding is civil, rather 
than criminal. 
(C) 
Yes, as a public record describing matters 
observed as to which there was a duty to report. 
(D) 
Yes, as a record of regularly conducted 
activity, provided the fire marshal is unavailable. 
Question ft 62 - Real Property 
A rectangular parcel of undeveloped land contained 
three acres and had 150 feet of frontage on a public 
street. The applicable zoning ordinance required that 
a buildable lot contain at least two acres and have 
frontage of not less than 100 feet on a public street. 
A brother and sister owned the land as tenants in 
common, the brother owning a one-third interest and 
the sister owning a two-thirds interest. Neither of 
them owned any other real property. 
The sister brought an appropriate action to partition 
the land and proposed that a two-acre rectangular lot 
with 100 feet of frontage be set off to her and that a 
one-acre rectangular lot with 50 feet of frontage be 
set off to the brother. The brother's defense included 
a demand that the land be sold and its proceeds be 
divided one-third to the brother and two-thirds to the 
sister. 
Who will prevail? 
(A) The brother, because partition by sale is the 
preferred remedy, unless a fair price is not the 
likely result of a sale. 
(B) The brother, because the zoning ordinance makes 
it impossible to divide the land fairly. 
(C) The sister, because partition by sale is not 
appropriate if the subject property can be 
physically divided. 
(D) The sister, because the ratio of the two lots that 
would result from her proposal conforms exactly 
to the ownership ratio. 
Question # 63 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A woman promised to pay $10,000 to a hit man if he 
would kill her neighbor in any manner that could not 
be traced to her. The hit man bought a gun and 
watched the neighbor's house for an opportunity to 
shoot him. One evening, unaware of the hit man's 
presence, the neighbor tripped as he was walking 
toward his house, falling and hitting his head against 
the front steps. Believing that the neighbor was 
unconscious, the hit man ran over to him and shot 
him twice in the chest. 
When the woman learned of the neighbor's death, she 
paid the hit man $10,000. A medical examiner 
determined that the neighbor was already dead when 
the hit man shot him. 
The crimes below are listed in descending order of 
seriousness. 
What is the most serious crime for which the woman 
properly could be convicted? 
(A) Murder 
(B) Attempted murder. 
(C) Conspiracy. 
(D) Solicitation. 
Question # 64 - Contracts 
Under the terms of a written contract, a builder 
agreed to construct a garage for a homeowner for 
$10,000. Nothing was stated in the parties' 
negotiations or in the contract about progress 
payments during the course of the work. 
After completing 25 percent of the garage according 
to the homeowner's specifications, the builder 
demanded $2,000 as a reasonable progress payment. 
The homeowner refused, and the builder abandoned 
the job. 
If each party sues the other for breach of contract, 
which of the following will the court decide? 
(A) Both parties are in breach, and each is entitled to 
damages, if any, from the other. 
(B) Only the builder is in breach and liable for the 
homeowner's damages, if any. 
(C) Only the homeowner is in breach and liable for 
the builder's damages, if any. 
(D) Both parties took reasonable positions, and 
neither is in breach. 
Question # 65 - Torts 
A company manufactured metal stamping presses 
that were usually sold with an installed safety device 
that made it impossible for a press to close on a 
worker's hands. The company strongly recommended 
MBE Rettnsto QuEs-noNs 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 
I
EFTA00811427
--- PAGE 19 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
 • 
that its presses be purchased with the safety device 
installed, but would sell a press without the safety 
device at a slightly reduced price. 
Rejecting the company's advice, a worker's employer 
purchased a stamping press without the safety device. 
The press closed on the worker's hand, crushing it. 
If the worker were to sue the company, would the 
worker be likely to prevail? 
(A) 
Yes, because the company's press was the 
cause in fact of the worker's injury. 
(B) 
Yes, because the company sold the press to 
the worker's employer without an installed safety 
device. 
(C) 
No, because the failure of the worker's 
employer to purchase the press with a safety device 
was a superseding cause of the worker's injury. 
(D) 
No, 
because 
the 
company 
strongly 
recommended that the worker's employer purchase 
the press with the safety device. 
Question # 66 - Constitutional Law 
In one state, certain kinds of advanced diagnostic 
medical technology were located only in hospitals, 
where they provided a major source of revenue. In 
many other states, such technology was also available 
at "diagnostic centers" that were not affiliated with 
hospitals. 
A group of physicians announced its plan to 
immediately open in the state a diagnostic center that 
would not be affiliated with a hospital. The state 
hospital association argued to the state legislature that 
only hospitals could reliably handle advanced 
medical technologies. The legislature then enacted a 
law prohibiting the operation in the state of 
diagnostic centers that were not affiliated with 
hospitals. 
The group of physicians filed suit challenging the 
constitutionality of the state law. 
What action should the court take? 
(A) Uphold the law, because the provision of 
medical services is traditionally a matter of 
legitimate local concern that states have 
unreviewable authority to regulate. 
(B) Uphold the law, because the legislature could 
rationally believe that diagnostic centers not 
affiliated with hospitals would be less reliable 
than hospitals. 
(C) Invalidate the law, because it imposes an undue 
burden on access to medical services in the state. 
(D) Dismiss the suit without reaching the merits, 
because the suit is not ripe. 
Question ft 67 - Torts 
While driving his open-bed truck with a friend in the 
open bed, the driver swerved, throwing his friend to 
the pavement. The friend sustained severe injuries. 
The friend had often ridden in the open bed of the 
driver's truck, and on some of those neensions the 
driver had swerved to frighten his friend. The friend 
sued the driver to recover both compensatory 
damages for his injuries and punitive damages. 
Which cause of action would NOT permit the friend 
to recover punitive damages? 
(A) 
Assault 
(B) 
Battery 
(C) 
Negligence 
(D) 
Recklessness 
Question # 68 - Evidence 
A plaintiff sued an individual defendant for injuries 
suffered in a collision between the plaintiff's car and 
the defendant's truck while the defendant's employee 
was driving the truck. The plaintiff sought discovery 
of any accident report the employee might have made 
to the defendant, but the defendant responded that no 
such report existed. Before trial, the defendant moved 
to preclude the plaintiff from asking the defendant in 
the presence of the jury whether he destroyed such a 
report, because the defendant would then invoke his 
privilege against self-incrimination. 
Should the court allow the plaintiff to ask the 
defendant about the destruction of the report? 
(A) No, because a report that was prepared in 
anticipation of litigation is not subject to 
discovery. 
(B) No, because no inference may properly be drawn 
from invocation of a legitimate privilege. 
(C) Yes, because a party in a civil action may not 
invoke the privilege against self-incrimination. 
(D) Yes, because the defendant's destruction of the 
report would serve as the basis of an inference 
adverse to the defendant. 
Question # 69 - Contracts 
A collector bought from a gallery a painting correctly 
described in the parties' signed contract as a "one-of-
a-kind self-portrait" by a famous artist that had 
recently died. The contract price was $100,000 in 
cash, payable one month after a truck carrier 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 1 
EFTA00811428
--- PAGE 20 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
delivered the painting to the collector. 
The painting was damaged in transit. The collector 
timely rejected it after inspection and immediately 
notified the gallery of the rejection. The gallery then 
sold the painting to a third party. It informed the 
collector that it would pick up the painting within a 
couple of weeks. Two weeks later, before the gallery 
picked up the painting, the collector sold the painting 
to an art admirer for SI 20,000 cash, after notifying 
her about the damage. 
If the collector's sale of the painting was NOT an 
acceptance of the goods, what is the maximum 
amount that the gallery is entitled to recover from the 
collector? 
(A) S120,000 (damages for conversion). 
(B) $100,000 (the collector-gallery contract price). 
(C) $20,000 (the excess of the market price over the 
contract price). 
(D) Only the allowance of lost profit to the gallery as 
a volume dealer. 
Question # 70 - Real Property 
Six years ago, a landlord and a tenant entered into a 
10-year commercial lease of land. The written lease 
provided that, if a public entity under the power of 
eminent domain condemned any part of the land, the 
lease would terminate and the landlord would receive 
the entire condemnation award. Thereafter, the city 
condemned approximately two-thirds of the land. 
The tenant notified the city and the landlord that an 
independent appraisal of the value of the tenant's 
possessory interest established that it substantially 
exceeded the tenant's obligation under the lease and 
that the tenant was entitled to share the award. The 
appraisal was accurate. 
In an appropriate action among the landlord, the 
tenant, and the city as to the right of the tenant to a 
portion of the condemnation award, for whom will 
the court likely find? 
(A) The 
landlord, 
because 
the 
condemnation 
superseded and canceled the lease. 
(B) The landlord, because the parties specifically 
agreed as to the consequences of condemnation. 
(C) The tenant, because the landlord breached the 
landlord's implied warranty of quiet enjoyment. 
(D) The tenant, because otherwise the landlord 
would be unjustly enriched. 
Question # 71 - Constitutional Law 
In order to reduce the federal deficit, Congress 
enacted a statute imposing a five percent national 
retail sales tax. The tax was levied upon all retail 
sales in the United States and applied equally to the 
sales of all kinds of goods. 
Is this tax constitutional as applied to retail sales of 
newspapers? 
(A) Yes, because it is within Congress's power to 
tax. 
(B) Yes, because the tax is necessary to serve the 
compelling interest of balancing the federal 
budget. 
(C) No, because retail sales taxes are within the 
taxing power of the states. 
(D) No, because the imposition of a tax on the sale of 
newspapers violates the freedom of the press. 
Question # 72 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
The police suspected a woman of growing marijuana 
in her private residence. Narcotics officers went to 
her neighborhood in the middle of the night. Nothing 
unlawful could be seen from the street, so the officers 
walked into the neighbors' yard and looked through 
the woman's kitchen window, which had neither 
drapes nor shades. The officers observed what 
appeared to be marijuana plants being cultivated 
under grow lights in the kitchen. Using this 
information, the officers obtained a search warrant. 
The execution of that warrant netted numerous 
marijuana plants. 
The woman was charged with possession of 
marijuana. She moved to suppress the marijuana 
plants recovered when the warrant was executed, 
claiming that the evidence supporting the warrant 
was obtained through a search that violated the 
Fourth Amendment. 
Should the marijuana plants be suppressed? 
(A) No, because regardless of the lawfulness of the 
police conduct beforehand, they did obtain a 
warrant to search the woman's home. 
(B) No, because the woman could have no 
reasonable expectation of privacy concerning 
activities that she exposed to the view of her 
neighbors. 
(C) Yes, 
because 
the 
officers' 
clandestine 
observation of the plants violated the woman's 
reasonable expectation of privacy concerning 
activities occurring in her home. 
(D) Yes, because no unlawful activities could be 
observed by the officers from any public vantage 
point. 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811429
--- PAGE 21 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 1 
Question # 73 - Real Property 
A niece inherited vacant land from her uncle. She 
lived in a distant state and decided to sell the land to 
a colleague who was interested in purchasing the land 
as an investment. They orally agreed upon a price, 
and, at the colleague's insistence, the niece agreed to 
provide him with a warranty deed without any 
exceptions. The price was paid, the warranty deed 
was delivered, and the deed was promptly and 
properly recorded. Neither the niece nor the 
colleague had, at that point, ever seen the land. 
After recording the deed, the colleague visited the 
land for the first time and discovered that it had no 
access to any public right-of-way and that none of the 
surrounding lands had ever been held in common 
ownership with any previous owner of the tract of 
land. 
The colleague sued the niece for damages. 
For whom will the court find? 
(A) The colleague, because lack of access makes title 
unmarketable. 
(B) The colleague, because the covenants of 
warranty and quiet enjoyment in the deed were 
breached. 
(C) The niece, because no title covenants were 
breached. 
(D) The niece, because the agreement to sell was 
oral. 
Question # 74 - Evidence 
In a prosecution for aggravated battery, a police 
officer testified that when he arrested the defendant, 
he took a knife from the defendant and delivered it to 
the medical examiner. The medical examiner testified 
that the knife blade was consistent with the victim's 
wound but admitted on cross-examination that any 
number of other knives could also have caused the 
wound. 
Should the judge grant a motion to strike the medical 
examiner's testimony? 
(A) 
No, because the probative worth of this 
evidence is for the jury to assess. 
(B) 
Yes, because in light of the medical 
examiner's admission, his testimony has insufficient 
probative value. 
(C) 
Yes, because the medical examiner could 
not state the probability that the wound was caused 
by the defendant's knife. 
(D) 
Yes, because the probative 
value is 
substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair 
prejudice. 
Question # 75 - Torts 
In a plaintiff's action for battery, the evidence 
established that the plaintiff was bad-tempered and, 
the defendant knew, carried a gun and used it often; 
that the plaintiff struck the defendant first; that during 
the altercation, the plaintiff repeatedly tried to get to 
his gun; and that the blows inflicted upon the plaintiff 
by the defendant resulted in the plaintiff being 
hospitalized. 
Which finding of fact would be most likely to result 
in a verdict for the defendant? 
(A) The defendant used no more force than he 
actually believed was nececoary to protect 
himself against death or serious bodily harm. 
(B) The defendant used no more force than he 
reasonably believed was necessary to protect 
himself against death or serious bodily harm. 
(C) The defendant, in fact, feared death or serious 
bodily harm. 
(D) The defendant was justified in retaliating against 
the plaintiff because the plaintiff struck the first 
blow. 
Question # 76 - Evidence 
A defendant was on trial for perjury for having 
falsely testified in an earlier civil case that he knew 
nothing about a business fraud. In the perjury trial, 
the defendant again testified that he knew nothing 
about the business fraud. In rebuttal, the prosecutor 
called a witness to testify that after the civil trial was 
over, the defendant admitted to the witness privately 
that he had known about the fraud. 
Is the witness's testimony in the perjury trial 
admissible? 
(A) Yes, but only to impeach the defendant's 
testimony. 
(B) Yes, both to impeach the defendant's testimony 
and as substantive evidence of the perjury. 
(C) No, because it is hearsay not within any 
exception. 
(D) No, because it relates to the business fraud and 
not to the commission of perjury. 
Question # 77 - Real Property 
A landowner mortgaged her land to a nationally 
chartered bank as security for a loan. The mortgage 
provided that the bank could, at its option, declare the 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811430
--- PAGE 22 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
entire loan due and payable if all or any part of the 
land, or an interest therein, was sold or transferred 
without the bank's prior written consent. 
Subsequently, the landowner wanted to sell the land 
to a neighbor by an installment land contract, but the 
bank refused to consent. The neighbor's credit was 
good, and all mortgage payments to the bank were 
fully current. 
The landowner and the neighbor consulted an 
attorney about their proposed transaction, their desire 
to complete it, and the bank's refusal to consent. 
What would the attorney's best advice be? 
(A) Even if the landowner transfers to the neighbor 
by land contract, the bank may accelerate the 
debt and foreclose if the full amount is not paid. 
(B) The due-on-sale clause is void as an illegal 
restraint on alienation of the fee simple, so they 
may proceed. 
(C) By making the transfer in land contract form, the 
landowner will prevent enforcement of the due-
on-sale clause if the mortgage payments are kept 
current. 
(D) The due-on-sale clause has only the effect that 
the proposed transfer will automatically make 
the neighbor personally liable on the debt, 
whether or not the neighbor specifically agrees to 
assume it. 
Question # 78 - Contracts 
On March 1, an excavator entered into a contract 
with a contractor to perform excavation work on a 
large project. The contract expressly required that the 
excavator begin work on June 1 to enable other 
subcontractors to install utilities. On May 15, the 
excavator requested a 30-day delay in the start date 
for the excavation work because he was seriously 
behind schedule on another project. When the 
contractor refused to grant the delay, the excavator 
stated that he would try to begin the work for the 
contractor on June I. 
Does the contractor have valid legal grounds to 
cancel the contract with the excavator and hire a 
replacement? 
(A) Yes, because the excavator committed an 
anticipatory repudiation of the contract by 
causing the contractor to feel insecure about the 
performance. 
(B) Yes, because the excavator breached the implied 
(C) covenant of good faith and fair dealing.
No. because the excavator would be entitled to 
MBE RELEASED QuenioNs 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
• 
specific performance of the contract if he could 
begin by June 1. 
(D) No, because the excavator did not state 
unequivocally that he would delay the beginning 
of his work. 
Question I! 79 - Constitutional Law 
In response to the need for additional toxic waste 
landfills in a state, the state's legislature enacted a 
law authorizing a state agency to establish five new 
state-owned and state-operated toxic waste landfills. 
The law provided that the agency would decide the 
locations and sizes of the landfills after an 
investigation of all potential sites and a determination 
that the particular sites chosen would not endanger 
public health and would be consistent with the public 
welfare. 
A community in the state was scheduled for 
inspection by the agency as a potential toxic waste 
landfill site. Because the community's residents 
obtained most of their drinking water from an aquifer 
that ran under the entire community, a citizens' 
group, made up of residents of that community, sued 
the appropriate officials of the agency in federal 
court. The group sought a declaratory judgment that 
the selection of the community as the site of a toxic 
waste landfill would be unconstitutional and an 
injunction preventing the agency from selecting the 
community as a site for such a landfill. The agency 
officials moved to dismiss. 
Which of the following is the most appropriate basis 
for the court to dismiss this suit? 
(A) The case presents a nonjusticiable political 
question. 
(B) The interest of the state in obtaining suitable 
sites for toxic waste landfills is sufficiently 
compelling to justify the selection of the 
community as a location for such a facility. 
(C) The Eleventh Amendment bars suits of this kind 
in the federal courts. 
(D) The case is not ripe for a decision on the merits. 
Question # 80 - Real Property 
Fifteen years ago, after a part of the path located on 
his land and connecting his cabin to the public 
highway washed out, the man cleared a small part of 
his neighbor's land and rerouted a section of the path 
through the neighbor's land. 
Twelve years ago, the neighbor leased her land to 
some hunters. For the next 12 years, the hunters and 
the man who had rerouted the path used the path for 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811431
--- PAGE 23 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
access to the highway. 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 1 
A month ago, the neighbor discovered that part of the 
path was on her land. The neighbor told the man that 
she had not given him permission to cross her land 
and that she would be closing the rerouted path after 
days. 
The man's land and the neighbor's land have never 
been in common ownership. 
The period of time necessary to acquire rights by 
prescription in the jurisdiction is 10 years. The period 
of time necessary to acquire title by adverse 
possession in the jurisdiction is 10 years. 
A man contacted his lawyer regarding his right to use 
a path that was on his neighbor's vacant land. 
What should the lawyer tell the man concerning his 
right to use the rerouted path on the neighbor's land? 
(A) The man has fee title by adverse possession of 
the land included in the path. 
(B) The man has an easement by necessity to use the 
path. 
(C) The man has an easement by prescription to use 
the path. 
(D) The man has no right to use the path. 
Question # 81 - Evidence 
A plaintiff sued a defendant for injuries allegedly 
suffered when he slipped and fell on the defendant's 
business 
property. 
Without 
asking 
that 
the 
defendant's property manager be declared a hostile 
witness, the plaintiff called him solely to establish 
that the defendant was the owner of the property 
where the plaintiff fell. On cross-examination of the 
manager, the defendant's attorney sought to establish 
that the defendant had taken reasonable precautions 
to make the ptviscity safe for business invitees. 
Should the defendant's cross-examination of the 
manager be permitted over the plaintiffs objection? 
(A) No, because cross-examination should be limited 
to the subject matter of the direct examination 
and matters affecting the credibility of the 
witness. 
(B) No, because the court has not declared the 
manager hostile. 
(C) Yes, because the cross-examiner is entitled to 
explore matters relevant to any issue in the case, 
including credibility. 
(D) Yes, because the manager is the agent of a party, 
as to whom the scope of cross-examination is 
unlimited. 
Question # 82 - Torts 
As a shopper was leaving a supermarket, an 
automatic door that should have opened outward 
opened inward, striking and breaking the shopper's 
nose. The owner of the building had installed the 
automatic door. The lease, pursuant to which the 
supermarket leased the building, provided that the 
supermarket was responsible for all maintenance of 
the premises. 
The shopper sued the supermarket. At trial, neither 
the shopper nor the supermarket offered any 
testimony, expert or otherwise, as to why the door 
had opened inward. At the conclusion of the proofs, 
both the shopper and the supermarket moved for 
judgment. 
How should the trial judge rule? 
(A) Grant judgment for the shopper, because it is 
undisputed that the door malfunctioned. 
(B) Grant judgment for the supermarket, because the 
shopper failed to join the owner of the building 
as a defendant. 
(C) Grant judgment for the supermarket, because the 
shopper failed to offer proof of the supermarket's 
negligence, 
(D) Submit the case to the jury, because on these 
facts negligence may be inferred. 
Question N 83 - Torts 
A man owned a much-loved cat, worth about 325, 
that frequently trespassed on a neighbor's property. 
The neighbor repeatedly asked the man to keep the 
cat on his own property, but the trespasses did not 
diminish. Aware of the man's attachment to the cat, 
the neighbor killed the cat with a shotgun in full view 
of the man. As a consequence, the man suffered great 
emotional distress. 
In an action by the man against the neighbor, which 
of the following claims would be likely to result in 
the greatest monetary recovery? 
(A) Battery. 
(B) Intentional infliction of mental suffering. 
(C) Trespass to a chattel. 
(D) Conversion. 
Question N 84 - Constitutional Law 
National statistics revealed a dramatic increase in the 
number of elementary and secondary school students 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811432
--- PAGE 24 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
• 
bringing controlled substances to school for sale. In 
response, Congress enacted a statute requiring each 
state legislature to enact a state law making it a crime 
for any person to sell, within 1,000 feet of any 
elementary or secondary school, any controlled 
substance that had previously been transported in 
interstate commerce. 
Is the federal statute constitutional? 
(A) No, because Congress has no authority to require 
a state legislature to enact any specified 
legislation. 
(B) No, because the sale of a controlled substance in 
close proximity to a school does not have a 
sufficiently close nexus to interstate commerce 
to justify its regulation by Congress. 
(C) Yes, because it contains 
a jurisdictional 
provision that will ensure, on a case-by-case 
basis, that any particular controlled substance 
subject to the terms of this statute will, in fact, 
affect interstate commerce. 
(D) Yes, because Congress possesses broad authority 
under both the general welfare clause and the 
commerce clause to regulate any activities 
affecting education that also have, in inseverable 
aggregates, a substantial effect on interstate 
commerce. 
Question # 85 - Evidence 
When a man entered a bank and presented a check 
for payment, the bank teller recognized the signature 
on the check as a forgery because the check was 
drawn on the account of a customer whose 
handwriting she knew. The bank teller called the 
police. Before the police arrived, the man picked up 
the check from the counter and left. 
The man was charged with attempting to cash a 
forged check. At trial, the prosecutor called the bank 
teller to testify that the signature on the check was 
forged. 
Is the bank teller's testimony admissible? 
(A) Yes, because a bank teller is by occupation an 
expert on handwriting. 
(B) Yes, because it is rationally based on the bank 
teller's perception and is helpful to the jury. 
(C) No, because the bank teller was at fault in 
allowing loss of the original by failing to secure 
the check. 
(O) No, because it is not possible for either the jury 
or an expert to compare the signature on the 
missing check with a signature established as 
genuine. 
Question # 86 - Contracts 
An accountant and a bookkeeper, as part of a contract 
dissolving their accounting business, agreed that each 
would contribute $100,000 to fund an annuity for a 
clerk who was a longtime employee of the business. 
The clerk's position would be terminated due to the 
dissolution, and he did not have a retirement plan. 
The accountant and the bookkeeper informed the 
clerk of their plan to fund an annuity for him. The 
clerk, confident about his financial future because of 
the promised annuity, purchased a retirement home. 
The accountant later contributed his $100,000 to fund 
the annuity, but the bookkeeper stated that he could 
afford to contribute only $50,000. The accountant 
agreed that the bookkeeper should contribute only 
$50,000. 
Does the clerk have a valid basis for an action against 
the bookkeeper for the unpaid $50,000? 
(A) No, because the clerk was bound by the 
modification of the agreement made by the 
accountant and the bookkeeper. 
(B) No, because the clerk was only a donee 
beneficiary of the agreement between the 
accountant and the bookkeeper, and had no 
vested rights. 
(C) Yes, because the clerk's reliance on the promised 
retirement fund prevented the parties from 
changing the terms. 
(D) Yes, because the promises to establish the fund 
were made binding by consideration from the 
clerk's many years of employment. 
Question # 87 - Real Property 
Twenty-five years ago, a man who owned a 45-acre 
tract of land conveyed 40 of the 45 acres to a 
developer by warranty deed. The man retained the 
rear five-acre portion of the land and continues to live 
there in a large farmhouse. 
The deed to the 40-acre tract was promptly and 
properly recorded. It contained the following 
language: 
"It is a term and condition of this deed, which shall 
be a covenant running with the land and binding on 
all owners, their heirs and assigns, that no use shall 
be made of the 40-acre tract of land except for 
residential purposes." 
Subsequently, the developer fully developed the 40-
acre tract into a residential subdivision consisting of 
lots with a single-family residence on each lot. 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811433
--- PAGE 25 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 1 
Although there have been multiple transfers of 
ownership of each of the 40 lots within the 
subdivision, none of them included a reference to the 
quoted provision in the deed from the man to the 
developer, nor did any deed to a subdivision lot 
create any new covenants restricting use. 
Last year, a major new medical center was 
constructed adjacent to the subdivision. A doctor who 
owns a house in the subdivision wishes to relocate 
her medical offices to her house. For the first time, 
the doctor learned of the restrictive covenant in the 
deed from the man to the developer. The applicable 
zoning ordinance permits the doctor's intended use. 
The man, as owner of the five-acre tract, however, 
objects to the doctor's proposed use of her property. 
There are no governing statutes other than the zoning 
code. The common law Rule Against Perpetuities is 
unmodified in the jurisdiction. 
Can the doctor convert her house in the subdivision 
into a medical office? 
(A) No, because the owners of lots in the subdivision 
own property benefitted by 
the original 
residential covenant and have the sole right to 
enforce it. 
(B) No, because the man owns property benefitted 
by the original restrictive covenant and has a 
right to enforce it. 
(C) Yes, because the original restrictive covenant 
violates the Rule Against Perpetuities. 
(D) Yes, because the zoning ordinance allows the 
doctor's proposed 
use and preempts the 
restrictive covenant. 
Question # 88 - Contracts 
On March I, a mechanic contracted to repair a textile 
company's knitting machine by March 6. On March 
2, the textile company contracted to manufacture and 
deliver specified cloth to a customer on March IS. 
The textile company knew that it would have to use 
the machine then under repair to perform this 
contract. Because the customer's order was for a rush 
job, the two parties included in their contract a 
liquidated damages clause, providing that the textile 
company would pay $5,000 for each day's delay in 
delivery after March IS. 
The mechanic was inexcusably five days late in 
repairing the machine, and, as a result, the textile 
company was five days late in delivering the cloth to 
the customer. The textile company paid $25,000 to 
the customer as liquidated damages and then sued the 
mechanic for $25,000. Both the mechanic and the 
textile company knew when making their contract on 
March I that under ordinary circumstances the textile 
company would sustain few or no damages of any 
kind as a result of a five-day delay in the machine 
repair. 
Assuming 
that 
the 
$5,000-per-day 
liquidated 
damages clause in the contract between the textile 
company and the customer is valid, which of the 
following arguments will serve as the mechanic's 
best defense to the textile company's action? 
(A) Time was not of the essence in the contract 
between the mechanic and the textile company. 
(B) The mechanic had no reason to foresee on March 
I that the customer would suffer consequential 
damages in the amount of $25,000. 
(C) By entering into the contract with the customer 
while knowing that its knitting machine was 
being repaired, the textile company assumed the 
risk of any delay loss to the customer. 
(D) In all probability, the liquidated damages paid by 
the textile company to the customer are not the 
same amount as the actual damages sustained by 
the customer in consequence of the late delivery 
of the cloth. 
Question # 89 - Real Property 
Five years ago, an investor who owned a vacant lot in 
a residential area borrowed $25,000 from a friend and 
gave the friend a note for $25,000 due in five years, 
secured by a mortgage on the lot. The friend 
neglected to record the mortgage. The fair market 
value of the lot was then $25,000. 
Three years ago, the investor discovered that the 
friend had not recorded his mortgage and in 
consideration of $50,000 conveyed the lot to a buyer. 
The fair market value of the lot was then $50,000. 
The buyer knew nothing of the friend's mortgage. 
One month thereafter, the friend discovered the sale 
to the buyer, recorded his $25,000 mortgage, and 
notified the buyer that he held a $25,000 mortgage on 
the lot. 
Two years ago, the buyer needed funds. Although she 
told her bank of the mortgage claimed by the 
investor's friend, the bank loaned her $15,000, and 
she gave the bank a note for $15,000 due in two years 
secured by a mortgage on the lot. The bank promptly 
and properly recorded the mortgage. At that time, the 
fair market value of the lot was $75,000. 
The recording act of the jurisdiction provides: "No 
conveyance or mortgage of real property shall be 
good against subsequent purchasers for value and 
• 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811434
--- PAGE 26 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
without notice unless the same be recorded according 
to law." 
Both notes arc now due and both the investor and the 
buyer have refused to pay. The lot is now worth only 
x50,000. 
What are the rights of the investor's friend and the 
bank in the lot? 
(A) Both mortgages are enforceable liens and the 
friend's has priority because it was first 
recorded. 
(B) Both mortgages are enforceable liens, but the 
bank's has priority because the buyer was an 
innocent purchaser for value. 
(C) Only the friend's mortgage is an enforceable 
lien, 
because 
the 
bank 
had 
actual 
and 
constructive notice of the investor's fraud. 
(D) Only the bank's mortgage is an enforceable lien, 
because the buyer was an innocent purchaser for 
value. 
Question # 90 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A woman offered to pay her friend one-third of the 
stolen proceeds if the friend would drive the getaway 
car to be used in a bank robbery. The friend agreed 
but made the woman promise not to hurt anyone 
during the robbery. 
The woman then drove to a sporting goods store, 
where she explained to the store owner that she 
needed a small firearm for use in a bank robbery. The 
store owner responded that he would charge extra 
because the woman was so unwise as to confide her 
unlawful plans for using the weapon, and he sold her 
a handgun at four times the regular price. 
During the robbery, the woman used the gun to 
threaten a bank teller into handing over the money. 
The gun discharged by accident and killed a bank 
customer. 
At common law, who in addition to the woman could 
properly be convicted of murder in the death of the 
customer? 
(A) Both the friend and the store owner. 
(B) Neither the friend nor the store owner. 
(C) Only the friend. 
(D) Only the store owner. 
Question # 91 - Evidence 
A pedestrian sued a driver for injuries suffered in a 
hit-and-run accident. At trial, the pedestrian called a 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
• 
witness who testified that he saw the accident and 
that as the car sped off he accurately dictated the 
license number into his properly operating pocket 
dictating machine. The witness stated that he no 
longer remembered the number. 
May the tape recording be played? 
(A) Yes, as a present sense impression only. 
(B) Yes, as a recorded recollection only. 
(C) Yes, as a present sense impression and as a past 
recollection recorded. 
(D) No, because it is hearsay not within any 
exception. 
Question # 92 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A man decided to steal a car he saw parked on a hill. 
When he got in and started the engine, the car began 
rolling down the hill. The man quickly discovered 
that the car's brakes did not work. He crashed 
through the window of a store at the bottom of the 
hill. 
The man was charged with larceny of the car and 
with the crime of knowingly damaging the store's 
property. At trial, the judge instructed the jury that if 
the jury found both that the man was guilty of larceny 
of the car and that the damage to the store was the 
result of that larceny, then it should also find him 
guilty of malicious damage of property. 
The man was convicted on both counts. On appeal, 
he argued that the conviction for malicious damage 
of property should be reversed because the 
instruction was not a correct statement of the law. 
Should the man's conviction be affirmed? 
(A) Yes, because his intent to steal the car provides 
the necessary mental element. 
(B) Yes, because he was committing a felony. 
(C) No, because the instruction wrongly described 
the necessary mental state. 
(D) No, because it would violate double jeopardy to 
convict the man of two crimes for a single act. 
Question # 93 - Contracts 
A seller and a buyer entered into a written agreement 
providing that the seller was to deliver 1,000 cases of 
candy bars to the buyer during the months of May 
and June. Under the agreement, the buyer was 
obligated to make a selection by March I of the 
quantities of the various candy bars to be delivered 
under the contract. The buyer did not make the 
selection by March I, and on March 2 the seller 
MBE REt.EAsF:1) QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811435
--- PAGE 27 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
notified the buyer that because of the buyer's failure 
to select, the seller would not deliver the candy bars. 
The seller had all of the necessary candy bars on 
hand on March I and made no additional sales or 
purchases on March I or March 2. On March 2, after 
receiving the seller's notice that it would not perform, 
the buyer notified the seller of its selection and 
insisted that the seller perform. The seller refused. 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 1 
If the buyer sues the seller for breach, of contract, is 
the buyer likely to prevail? 
(A) No, because a contract did not exist until 
selection of the specific candy bars, and the 
seller withdrew its offer before selection. 
(B) No, because selection of the candy bars by 
March I was an express condition to the seller's 
duty to perform. 
(C) Yes, because a delay of one day in making the 
selection did not have a material effect on the 
seller. 
(13) Yes, because upon the buyer's failure to make a 
selection by March 1, the seller had a duty to 
make a reasonable selection. 
Question # 94 - Real Property 
A grantor owned two tracts of land, one of 15 acres 
and another of 5 acres. The two tracts were a mile 
apart. 
Fifteen years ago, the grantor conveyed the smaller 
tract to a grantee. The grantor retained the larger 
tract. The deed to the grantee contained, in addition 
to proper legal descriptions of both properties and 
identifications of the parties, the following language: 
"I, the grantor, bind myself and my heirs and assigns 
that in the event that the larger tract that I now retain 
is ever offered for sale, I will notify the grantee and 
his heirs and assigns in writing, and the grantee and 
his heirs and assigns shall have the right to purchase 
the larger tract for its fair market value as determined 
by a board consisting of three qualified expert 
independent real estate appraisers." 
With appropriate references to the other property and 
the parties, there followed a reciprocal provision that 
conferred upon the grantor and her heirs and assigns 
a similar right to purchase the smaller tract, 
purportedly binding the grantee and his heirs and 
assigns. 
Ten years ago, a corporation acquired the larger tract 
from the grantor. At that time, the grantee had no 
interest in acquiring the larger tract and by an 
appropriate written document released any interest he 
or his heirs or assigns might have had in the larger 
tract. 
Last year, the grantee died. The smaller tract passed 
by the grantee's will to his daughter. She has decided 
to sell the smaller tract. However, because she 
believes that the corporation has been a very poor 
steward of the larger tract, she refuses to sell the 
smaller tract to the corporation even though she has 
offered it for sale in the local real estate market. 
The corporation has brought an appropriate action for 
specific performance of the right of first refusal after 
taking all of the necessary preliminary steps in its 
effort to exercise its rights to purchase the smaller 
tract. 
The daughter has asserted all possible defenses. 
The common law Rule Against Perpetuities is 
unmodified in the jurisdiction, and there are no 
applicable statutes. 
If the court rules for the daughter, what will be the 
likely reason? 
(A) The provision setting out the right to purchase 
violates the Rule Against Perpetuities. 
(B) The grantee's release 10 years ago operates as a 
waiver regarding any right to purchase that the 
corporation might have. 
(C) The two tracts of land were not adjacent parcels 
of real estate, and thus the right to purchase is in 
gross and is therefore unenforceable. 
(D) Noncompliance with a right to purchase gives 
rise to a claim for money damages, but not for 
specific performance. 
Question N 95 - Constitutional Law 
In order to combat terrorism, Congress enacted a 
statute authorizing the President to construct 
surveillance facilities on privately owned property if 
the President determined that the construction of such 
facilities was "necessary to safeguard the security of 
the United States." The statute provided no 
compensation for the owner of the land on which 
such facilities were constructed and provided that the 
surveillance facilities were to be owned and operated 
by the United States government. 
Pursuant to this statute, the President has determined 
that the construction of a surveillance facility on a 
very small, unused portion of an owner's large tract 
of land is necessary to safeguard the security of the 
United States. The construction and operation of the 
facility will not affect any of the uses that the owner 
• 
Rrl RASED OUESTIONS 
MBE MLXED PRACTICE 1 
EFTA00811436
--- PAGE 28 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
is currently making of the entire tract of land. 
The owner has filed suit 
to challenge 
the 
constitutionality of the construction of a surveillance 
facility on the parcel of land at issue without 
compensation. 
How should the court rule? 
(A) It would be a taking of the owner's property for 
which the owner must be compensated. 
(B) It would single out the owner for adverse 
treatment in violation of the equal protection 
component of the Fifth Amendment. 
(C) It would not interfere with any use the owner is 
currently making of the entire tract of land and, 
therefore, would not entitle the owner to any 
compensation. 
(O) It would be valid without any compensation, 
because it has been determined to be necessary 
to protect a compelling government interest in 
national security. 
Question # 96 - Torts 
A child was bitten by a dog while playing in a 
fenced-in common area of an apartment complex 
owned by a landlord. The child was the guest of a 
tenant living in the complex, and the dog was owned 
by another tenant. The owner of the dog knew that 
the dog had a propensity to bite, but the landlord did 
not have any notice of the dog's vicious propensities. 
In an action by the child against the landlord, will the 
child prevail? 
(A) Yes, because in these circumstances a landlord is 
strictly liable. 
(B) Yes, because a landlord's duty to protect a 
tenant's guests from dangerous conditions is 
nondelegable. 
(C) No, because the landlord did not have any notice 
of the dog's vicious propensities. 
(O) No, because a landlord owes no duty to a 
tenant's gratuitous guests. 
Question # 97 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A state grand jury investigating a murder learned that 
the key suspect might have kept a diary. The grand 
jury issued a subpoena duces tecum requiring the 
suspect to produce any diary. The subpoena made 
clear that the grand jury was seeking only the diary
and not any testimony from the suspect. The suspect 
refused to produce the diary, citing the privilege 
against 
self-incrimination. 
Under what circumstances, if any, could the grand 
jury compel production of the diary over the 
suspect's Fifth Amendment privilege? 
(A) It may compel production without granting 
immunity because the suspect was not compelled 
to write a diary. 
(B) It may compel production only if the suspect is 
granted use and derivative use immunity from 
the act of production. 
(C) It may compel production only if the suspect is 
granted transactional immunity. 
(D) It may not compel production of a private diary 
under any circumstances. 
Question # 98 - Evidence 
A defendant was on trial for tax evasion. The IRS, 
seeking to establish the defendant's income by 
showing his expenditures, called on the defendant's 
attorney to produce records showing only how much 
the defendant had paid his attorney in fees. 
Should the demand for the attorney's fee records be 
upheld? 
(A) Yes, because it calls for relevant information not 
within the attorney-client privilege. 
(B) Yes, because the attorney-client privilege cannot 
be invoked to conceal evidence of a crime. 
(C) No, because the records are protected by the 
attorney-client privilege. 
(D) No, because the records are protected by the 
attorney work-product doctrine. 
Question # 99 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A man was angered after he was unexpectedly laid 
off from his longtime job as a factory assembly 
worker. The next day, he returned to the factory floor 
and indiscriminately fired shotgun rounds in the air. 
The man later testified, without contradiction, that he 
had not intended to kill anyone but simply sought to 
exact revenge on the factory's owners by shutting 
down operations for the day. Unfortunately, one of 
the bullets ricocheted off the wall and killed the 
man's best friend. 
The crimes below are listed in descending order of 
seriousness. 
On these facts, what is the most serious offense for 
which the man properly could be convicted? 
(A) Murder 
(B) Voluntary manslaughter. 
(C) Involuntary manslaughter. 
(D) Assault. 
MBE REitAskti QUESTIoNS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811437
--- PAGE 29 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 
Question # 100 - Torts 
A food company contracted with a delivery service to 
supply food to remote areas. The contract between 
the food company and the delivery service was 
terminable at will. The delivery service then entered 
into a contract with an airline company to provide an 
airplane to deliver the food. The contract between the 
delivery service and the airline company was also 
terminable at will. 
The food company was displeased with the airline 
company because of a previous business dispute 
between them. Upon learning of the delivery 
service's contract with the airline company, the food 
company terminated its contract with the delivery 
service in order to cause the airline company to lose 
the business. When the food company terminated the 
delivery service's contract, the delivery service had 
no choice but to terminate the airline company's 
contract. 
If the airline company sues the delivery service for 
tortious interference with contract, will the airline 
company prevail? 
(A) No, because the airline company and the delivery 
service were the parties to the contract. 
(B) No, because the airline company was not in 
privity with the food company. 
(C) Yes, because the delivery service did not 
terminate 
the 
contract 
because of poor 
performance. 
(D) Yes, because the delivery service's termination 
of the contract made it a party to the food 
company's acts. 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE I 
EFTA00811438

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811439.pdf
----------------------------------------
RIBAR BAR REVIEW 
ultistate Bar Examination Released Questions 
n2 
RACTICE EXAM 2 
EFTA00811439
--- PAGE 2 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
• 
Question I • Contracts 
In January, a teacher contracted with a summer camp 
to serve as its head counselor at a salary of $10,000 
for 10 weeks of service from the first of June to the 
middle of August. In March, the camp notified the 
teacher that it had hired someone else to act as head 
counselor and that the teachers services would not be 
needed. In April, the teacher spent $200 traveling to 
interview at the only other nearby summer camp for a 
position as its head counselor. The teacher was not 
chosen for that job. The teacher then took a position 
teaching in a local summer school at a salary of 
$6,000 for the same 10-week period as the summer 
camp. 
In a breach-of-contract action against the camp, to 
which of the following amounts, as damages, is the 
teacher entitled? 
(A) $4,000 
(B) $4,200 
(C) $10,000 
(D) $10,200 
Question 2 - Constitutional Law 
A federal statute imposes an excise tax of $100 on 
each new computer sold in the United States. It also 
appropriates the entire proceeds of that tax to a 
special fund, which is required to be used to purchase 
licenses for computer software that will be made 
available for use, free of charge, to any resident of 
the United States. 
Is this statute constitutional? 
(A) No, because the federal government may not 
impose any direct taxes on citizens of the United 
States. 
(B)No, because this statute takes without just 
compensation the property of persons who hold 
patents or copyrights on computer software. 
(C) Yes, because it is a reasonable exercise of the 
power of Congress to tax and spend for the 
general welfare. 
(D) Yes, because the patent power authorizes 
Congress to impose reasonable charges on the 
sale of technology and to spend the proceeds of 
those charges to advance the use of technology
in the United States. 
Question 3 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
Nine gang members were indicted for the murder of a 
tenth gang member who had become an informant. 
The gang leader pleaded guilty. At the trial of the 
other eight, the state's evidence showed the 
following: The gang leader announced a party to 
celebrate the recent release of a gang member from 
jail. But the party was not what it seemed. The gang 
leader had learned that the recently released gang 
member had earned his freedom by informing the 
authorities about the gang's criminal activities. The 
gang leader decided to use the party to let the other 
gang members see what happened to a snitch. He told 
no one about his plan. At the party, after all present 
had consumed large amounts of liquor, the gang 
leader announced that the released gang member was 
an informant and stabbed him with a knife in front of 
the others. The eight other gang members watched 
and did nothing while the informant slowly bled to 
death. The jury found the eight gang members guilty 
of murder and they appealed. 
Should the appellate court uphold the convictions? 
(A) No, because mere presence at the scene of a 
crime is insufficient to make one an accomplice. 
(B) No, because murder is a specific intent crime, 
and there is insufficient evidence to show that 
they intended to kill. 
(C) Yes, because the gang members made no effort 
to save the informant after he had been stabbed. 
(D) Yes, because voluntary intoxication does not 
negate criminal responsibility. 
Question 4 - Real Property 
A landlord leased an apartment to a tenant by written 
lease for two years ending on the last day of a recent 
month. The lease provided for $700 monthly rental. 
The tenant occupied the apartment and paid the rent 
for the first 15 months of the lease term, until he 
moved to a new job in another city. Without 
consulting the landlord, the tenant moved a friend 
into the apartment and signed an informal writing 
transferring to the friend his "lease rights" for the 
remaining nine months of the lease. The friend made 
the next four monthly $700 rental payments to the 
landlord. For the final five months of the lease term, 
no rent was paid by anyone, and the friend moved out 
with three months left of the lease term. The landlord 
was on an extended trip abroad, and did not learn of 
the default and the vacancy until last week. The 
landlord sued the tenant and the friend, jointly and 
severally, for $3,500 for the last five months' rent. 
What is the likely outcome of the lawsuit? 
(A) Both the tenant and the friend are liable for the 
full $3,500, because the tenant is liable on privity 
of contract and the friend is liable on privity of 
estate as assignee. 
MBE RELEASED 
t'EsTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811440
--- PAGE 3 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
(B) The hiend is liable for $1,400 on privity of 
estate, which lasted only until he vacated, and 
the tenant is liable for $2,100 on privity of 
contract and estate for the period after the friend 
vacated. 
(C) The friend is liable for $3,500 on privity of estate 
and the tenant is not liable, because the 
landlord's failure to object to the friends 
payment of rent relieved the tenant of liability. 
(D) The tenant is liable for $3,500 on privity of 
contract and the friend is not liable, because a 
sublessee does not have personal liability to the 
original landlord. 
Question 5 - Evidence 
In a civil trial for professional malpractice, the 
plaintiff sought to show that the defendant, an 
engineer, had designed the plaintiffs flour mill with 
inadequate power. The plaintiff called an expert 
witness who based his testimony solely on his own 
professional experience but also asserted, when 
asked, that the book Smith on Milling Systems was a 
reliable treatise in the field and consistent with his 
views. On cross-examination, the defendant asked the 
witness whether he and Smith were ever wrong. The 
witness answered, "Nobody's perfect." The defendant 
asked no further questions. The defendant called a 
second expert witness and asked, "Do you accept the 
Smith book as reliable?" The second witness said, "It 
once was, but it is now badly out of date." The 
plaintiff requested that the July be allowed to 
examine the book and judge for itself the book's 
reliability. 
Should the court allow the jury to examine the book? 
(A) No, because the jury may consider only passages 
read to it by counsel or witness. 
(B) No, because the plaintiffs expert in testifying did 
not rely on the treatise but on his own 
experience. 
(C) Yes, because an expert has testified that the 
treatise is reliable. 
(D) Yes, because the jury is the judge of the weight 
and credibility to be accorded both written and 
oral evidence. 
Question 6 - Torts 
A driver, returning from a long shift at a factory, fell 
asleep at the wheel and lost control of his car. As a 
result, his car collided with a police car driven by an 
officer who was returning to the station after having 
responded to an emergency. The police officer was 
injured in the accident. The police officer sued the 
driver in negligence for her injuries. The driver 
moved for summary judgment, arguing that the 
common-law firefighters' rule barred the suit. 
Should the court grant the motion? 
(A) No, because the firefighters' rule does not apply 
to police officers. 
(B) No, because the police officer's injuries were not 
related to any special dangers of her job. 
(C) Yes, because the accident would not have 
occurred but for the emergency. 
(D) Yes, because the police officer was injured on 
the job. 
Question 7 - Contracts 
A lumber supplier agreed to sell and a furniture 
manufacturer agreed to buy all of the lumber that the 
manufacturer required over a two-year period. The 
sales contract provided that payment was due 60 days 
after delivery, but that a 3% discount would be 
allowed if the manufacturer paid within 10 days of 
delivery. During the first year of the contract, the 
manufacturer regularly paid within the 10-day period 
and received the 3% discount. Fifteen days after the 
supplier made its most recent lumber delivery to the 
manufacturer, the supplier had received no payment 
from the manufacturer. At this time, the supplier 
became aware of rumors from a credible source that 
the 
manufacturer's 
financial 
condition 
was 
precarious. The supplier wrote the manufacturer, 
demanding assurances regarding the manufacturer's 
financial status. The manufacturer immediately 
mailed its latest audited financial statements to the 
supplier, as well as a satisfactory credit report 
prepared by the manufacturer's banker. The rumors 
proved to be false. Nevertheless, the supplier refused 
to resume deliveries. The manufacturer sued the 
lumber supplier for breach of contract. 
Will the manufacturer prevail? 
(A) No, because the contract was unenforceable, 
since the manufacturer had not committed to 
purchase a definite quantity of lumber. 
(B) No, because the supplier had reasonable grounds 
for insecurity and was therefore entitled to cancel 
the contract and refuse to make any future 
deliveries. 
(C) Yes, because the credit report and audited 
financial statements provided adequate assurance 
of due performance under the contract. 
(D) Yes, because the supplier was not entitled to 
condition resumption of deliveries on the receipt 
of financial status information. 
Question 8 - Constitutional Law 
• 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811441
--- PAGE 4 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
A toy manufacturer that has its headquarters and sole 
manufacturing plant in the state of Green developed a 
"Martian" toy that simulates the exploration of Mars 
by a remote-controlled vehicle. It accurately depicts 
the Martian landscape and the unmanned exploratory 
vehicle traversing it. The toy is of high quality, safe, 
durable, and has sold very well. Other toy 
manufacturers, all located outside Green, developed 
similar toys that are lower in price. These 
manufacturers have contracts to sell their Martian 
toys to outlets in Green. Although these toys are safe 
and durable, they depict the Martian landscape less 
realistically than the toys manufactured in Green. 
Nevertheless, because of the price difference, sales of 
these toys have cut severely into the sales of the 
Martian toys manufactured in Green. The Green 
legislature subsequently enacted a law "to protect the 
children of Green from faulty science and to protect 
Green toy manufacturers from unfair competition." 
This law forbids the sale in Green of any toy that 
purports to represent extraterrestrial objects and does 
not satisfy specified scientific criteria. The Martian 
toy manufactured in Green satisfies all of these 
criteria; none of the Martian toys of the competing 
manufacturers meets the requirements. 
Is the Green law constitutional? 
(A) No, because it abrogates the obligations of the 
contracts between the other toy manufacturers 
and their Green outlets who have agreed to sell 
their Martian toys. 
(B) No, because it imposes an undue burden on 
interstate commerce. 
(C) Yes, because it deals only with a local matter, the 
sale of toys in Green stores. 
(D) Yes, because the states interest in protecting the 
state's children from faulty science justifies this 
burden on interstate commerce. 
Question 9- Real Property 
A landowner executed an instrument in the proper 
form of a deed, purporting to convey his land to a 
friend. The landowner handed the instrument to the 
friend, saying, "This is yours, but please do not 
record it until after I am dead. Otherwise, it will 
cause me no end of trouble with my relatives." Two 
days later, the landowner asked the friend to return 
the deed to him because he had decided that he 
should devise the land to the friend by will rather 
than by deed. The friend said that he would destroy
the deed and a day or so later falsely told the 
landowner that the deed had been destroyed. Six 
months ago, the landowner, who had never executed 
a will, died intestate, survived by a daughter as his
sole heir at law. The day after the landowners death, 
the friend recorded the deed from him. As soon as the 
daughter discovered this recording and the friend's 
claim to the land, she brought an appropriate action 
against the friend to quiet title to the land. 
For whom should the court hold? 
(A) The daughter, because the death of the 
landowner deprived the subsequent recordation 
of any effect. 
(B) The daughter, because the friend was dishonest 
in reporting that he had destroyed the deed. 
(C) The friend, because the deed was delivered to 
him. 
(D) The friend, because the deed was recorded by 
him. 
Question 10 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
An undercover police detective told a local drug 
dealer that she wanted to buy cocaine, but that she 
needed time to raise the necessary funds. The drug 
dealer said that he needed time to get the cocaine. 
They agreed to meet again in 10 days. An hour later, 
without a warrant, other officers forcibly entered the 
drug dealer's apartment and arrested him for 
attempted possession of a controlled substance. 
If the drug dealer is prosecuted in a common-law 
jurisdiction for attempted possession of cocaine, 
should he be convicted? 
(A) No, because he had not taken sufficient acts 
toward commission of the crime. 
(B) No, because he was illegally arrested. 
(C) Yes, 
because 
by 
objective 
standards an 
agreement between them had occurred. 
(D) Yes, because his intention to obtain the cocaine 
was unequivocally expressed. 
Question 11 - Torts 
During a comprehensive evaluation of an adult 
patient's psychiatric condition, the psychiatrist failed 
to diagnose the patient's suicidal state. One day after 
the misdiagnosis, the patient committed suicide. The 
patient's father, immediately after having been told of 
his son's suicide, suffered severe emotional distress, 
which resulted in a stroke. The patient's father was 
not present at his son's appointment with the 
psychiatrist and did not witness the suicide. The 
father brought an action against the psychiatrist to 
recover for his severe emotional distress and the 
resulting stroke. 
Will the father prevail? 
MBE RELEAsth Qi FEsTiONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811442
--- PAGE 5 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
(A) No, because the father did not sustain a physical 
impact. 
(B) No, because the psychiatrists professional duty 
did not extend to the harms suffered by the 
patient's father. 
(C) Yes, because the father was a member of the 
patient's immediate family. 
(D) Yes, because the psychiatrist reasonably could 
have foreseen that a misdiagnosis would result in 
the patient's suicide and the resulting emotional 
distress of the patient's father. 
Question 12 - Evidence 
In a civil trial arising from a car accident at an 
intersection, the plaintiff testified on direct that he 
came to a full stop at the intersection. On cross-
examination, the defendant's lawyer asked whether 
the plaintiff claimed that he was exercising due care 
at the time, and the plaintiff replied that he was 
driving carefully. At a sidebar conference, the 
defendant's lawyer sought permission to ask the 
plaintiff about two prior intersection accidents in the 
last 12 months where he received traffic citations for 
failing to stop at stop signs. The plaintiff's lawyer 
objected. 
Should the court allow defense counsel to ask the 
plaintiff about the two prior incidents? 
(A) No, because improperly failing to stop on the 
recent occasions does not bear on the plaintiffs 
veracity and does not contradict his testimony in 
this case. 
(B) No, because there is no indication that failing to 
stop on the recent occasions led to convictions. 
(C) Yes, because improperly failing to stop on the 
recent 
occasions bears on 
the plaintiffs 
credibility, since he claims to have stopped in 
this case. 
(D) Yes, because improperly failing to stop on the 
recent occasions tends to contradict the plaintiffs 
claim that he was driving carefully at the time he 
collided with the defendant. 
Question 13 - Constitutional Law 
According to a state law, state employees may be 
fired only "for good cause." A woman who was both 
a resident and an employee of the state was 
summarily fired on the sole ground that she had 
notified federal officials that the state was not 
following federal rules governing the administration 
of certain federally funded state programs on which 
she worked. The state denied the woman's request for 
a hearing to allow her to contest the charge. There is 
no record of any other state employee having been 
terminated for this reason. 
In a suit to reinstate her employment, which of the 
following claims provides the LEAST support for the 
woman? 
(A) The state's firing of her unconstitutionally 
abridged her freedom of speech. 
(B) The state's firing of her unconstitutionally denied 
her a privilege or immunity of state citizenship 
protected by Article IV. 
(C) The state's firing of her violated the supremacy 
clause of Article VI, because it interfered with 
the enforcement of federal rules. 
(D) The state's firing of her without affording her an 
opportunity for a hearing is an unconstitutional 
denial of procedural due process. 
Question I4 - Contracts 
A landowner and a contractor entered into a written 
contract under which the contractor agreed to build a 
building and pave an adjacent sidewalk for the 
landowner at a price of $200,000. Later, while 
construction was proceeding, the landowner and the 
contractor entered into an oral modification under 
which the contractor was not obligated to pave the 
sidewalk, but still would be entitled to $200,000 upon 
completion. The contractor completed the building. 
The landowner, after discussions with his landscaper, 
demanded that the contractor pave the adjacent 
sidewalk. The contractor refused. 
Has the contractor breached the contract? 
(A) No, because the oral modification was in good 
faith and therefore enforceable. 
(B) Yes, because a discharge of a contractual 
obligation must be in writing. 
(C) Yes, because the parol evidence rule bars proof 
of the oral modification. 
(D) Yes, because there was no consideration for the 
discharge of the contractor's duty to pave the 
sidewalk. 
Question IS - Real Property 
A landowner conveyed his land by quitclaim deed to 
his daughter and son "as joint tenants in fee simple." 
The language of the deed was sufficient to create a 
common-law joint tenancy with right of survivorship, 
which is unmodified by statute. The daughter then 
duly executed a will devising her interest in the land 
to a friend. Then the son duly executed a will 
devising his interest in the land to a cousin. The son 
died, and later the daughter died. Neither had ever 
married. The daughter's friend and the cousin 
•• or act racy° nI IESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811443
--- PAGE 6 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
survived. 
After both wills have been duly probated, who owns 
what interest in the land? 
(A) The cousin owns the fee simple. 
(B) The daughter's friend and the cousin own equal 
shares as joint tenants with right of survivorship. 
(C) The daughters friend and the cousin own equal 
shares as tenants in common. 
(D) The daughter's friend owns the fee simple. 
Question 16 - Evidence 
A defendant was charged with burglary. At trial, a 
police officer testified that, after the defendant was 
arrested and agreed to answer questions, the officer 
interrogated him with a stenographer present, but that 
he could not recall what the defendant had said. The 
prosecutor presented the officer with a photocopy of 
the stenographic transcript of the interrogation. The 
officer, after looking at it, was prepared to testify that 
he recalled that the defendant admitted to being in the 
area of the burglary. The defendant objected to the 
officers testimony on the ground that it violated the 
"original document" rule (also known as the "best 
evidence" rule). 
Should the officer's testimony concerning the 
defendant's recorded confession be admitted? 
(A) No, because a photocopy cannot be used without 
a showing that the original is unavailable. 
(B) No, because the stenographer has not testified to 
the accuracy of the transcript. 
(C) Yes, because a photocopy is a duplicate of the 
original. 
(D) Yes, because the prosecutor is not attempting to 
prove the contents of the document. 
Question 17 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A state legislature passed a statute providing that 
juries in criminal trials were to consist of 6 rather 
than 12 jurors, and providing that jury verdicts did 
not have to be unanimous but could be based on 5 
votes out of 6 jurors. A defendant was tried for 
murder. Over his objection, he was tried by a jury 
composed of 6 jurors. The jurors found him guilty by 
a vote of 5 to I and, over the defendant's objection, 
the court entered a judgment of conviction, which 
was affirmed on appeal by the state supreme court. 
The defendant seeks to overturn his conviction in a 
habeas corpus action in federal court, claiming his 
constitutional rights were violated by allowing a jury 
verdict that was not unanimous and by allowing a 
jury composed of fewer than 12 members. 
• "BE RELEASED QUM-Ms 
How is the federal court likely to rule in this action? 
(A) It will set aside the conviction, because the jury 
was composed of fewer than 12 members. 
(B) It will set aside the conviction, because the 6-
person jury verdict was not unanimous. 
(C) It will set aside the conviction for both reasons. 
(D) It will uphold the conviction. 
Question IS - Real Property 
A grantor executed an instrument in the proper form 
of a warranty deed purporting to convey a tract of 
land to his church. The granting clause of the 
instrument ran to the church "and its successors 
forever, so long as the premises are used for church 
purposes." The church took possession of the land 
and used it as its site of worship for many years. 
Subsequently, the church wanted to relocate and 
entered into a valid written contract to sell the land to 
a buyer for a substantial price. The buyer wanted to 
use the land as a site for business activities and 
objected to the church's title. The contract contained 
no provision relating to the quality of title the church 
was bound to convey. There is no applicable statute. 
When the buyer refused to close, the church sued the 
buyer for specific performance and properly joined 
the grantor as a party. 
Is the church likely to prevail? 
(A) No, because the grantor's interest prevents the 
church's title from being marketable. 
(B) No, because the quoted provision is a valid 
restrictive covenant. 
(C) Yes, because a charitable trust to support religion 
will attach to the proceeds of the sale. 
(D) Yes, because the grantor cannot derogate from 
his warranty to the church. 
Question 19 - Evidence 
In a civil trial for fraud arising from a real estate 
transaction, the defendant claimed not to have been 
involved in the transaction. The plaintiff called a 
witness to testify concerning the 
defendant's 
involvement in the fraudulent scheme, but to the 
plaintiffs surprise the witness testified that the 
defendant was not involved, and denied making any 
statement to the contrary. The plaintiff now calls a 
second witness to testify that the first witness had 
stated, while the two were having a dinner 
conversation, that the defendant was involved in the 
fraudulent transaction. 
Is the testimony of the second witness admissible? 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811444
--- PAGE 7 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MLXED PRACTICE 2 
(A) No, because a party cannot impeach the party's 
own witness. 
(B) No, because it is hearsay not within any 
exception. 
(C) Yes, but only to impeach the first witness. 
(D) Yes, to impeach the first witness and to prove the 
defendant's involvement. 
Question 20 - Torts 
A car owner washed her car while it was parked on a 
public street, in violation of a statute that prohibits 
the washing of vehicles on public streets during rush 
hours. The statute was enacted only to expedite the 
flow of automobile traffic. Due to a sudden and 
unexpected cold snap, the car owner's waste water 
formed a puddle that froze. A pedestrian slipped on 
the frozen puddle and broke her leg. The pedestrian 
sued the car owner to recover for her injury. At trial, 
the only evidence the pedestrian offered as to 
negligence was the car owner's admission that she 
had violated the statute. At the conclusion of the 
proofs, both parties moved for a directed verdict. 
How should the trial judge proceed? 
(A) Deny both motions and submit the case to the 
jury, because, on the facts, the jury may infer 
that the car owner was negligent. 
(B) Deny both motions and submit the case to the 
jury, because the jury may consider the statutory 
violation as evidence that the car owner was 
negligent 
(C) Grant the car owner's motion, because the 
pedestrian has failed to offer adequate evidence 
that the car owner was negligent. 
(D) Grant the pedestrian's motion, because of the car 
owner's admitted statutory violation. 
Question 21 - Constitutional Law 
Two tenured professors at a state university drafted a 
new university regulation prohibiting certain kinds of 
speech on campus. Students, staff, and faculty 
convicted by campus tribunals of violating the 
regulation were made subject to penalties that 
included 
fines, 
suspensions, 
expulsions, 
and 
termination of employment. The regulation was 
widely unpopular and there was a great deal of public 
anger directed toward the professors who drafted it. 
The following year, the state legislature approved a 
severable provision in the appropriations bill for the 
university declaring that none of the university's 
funding could be used to pay the two professors, who 
were specifically named in the provision. In the past, 
the professors' salaries had always been paid from 
funds appropriated to the university by the 
legislature, and the university had no other funds that 
could be used to pay them. 
If the professors challenge the constitutionality of the 
appropriations provision, is the court likely to uphold 
the provision? 
(A) No, because it amounts to the imposition of a 
punishment by the legislature without trial. 
(B) No, because it was based on conduct the 
professors engaged in before it was enacted. 
(C) Yes, because the Eleventh Amendment gives the 
state legislature plenary power to appropriate 
state funds in the manner that it deems most 
conducive to the welfare of its people. 
Clause I of the Constitution. 
(D) Yes, because the full faith and credit clause 
requires the court to enforce the provision strictly 
according to its terms. 
Question 22- Criminal Law and Procedure 
Police officers received a tip that drug dealing was 
occurring at a certain ground-floor duplex apartment. 
They decided to stake out the apartment. The 
stakeout revealed that a significant number of people 
visited the apartment for short periods of time and 
then left. A man exited the apartment and started to 
walk briskly away. The officers grabbed the man and, 
when he struggled, wrestled him to the ground. They 
searched him and found a bag of heroin in one of his 
pockets. After discovering the heroin on the man, the 
police decided to enter the apartment. They knocked 
on the door, which was opened by the woman who 
lived there. The police asked if they could come 
inside, and the woman gave them permission to do 
so. Once inside, the officers observed several bags of 
heroin on the living room table. The woman is 
charged with possession of the heroin found on the 
living room table. She moves pretrial to suppress the 
heroin on the ground that it was obtained by virtue of 
an illegal search and seizure. 
Should the woman's motion be granted? 
(A) No, because the tip together with the heroin 
found in the man's pocket provided probable 
cause for the search. 
(B) No, because the woman consented to the officers' 
entry. 
(C) Yes, because the officers' decision to enter the 
house was the fruit of an illegal search of the 
man. 
(D) Yes, because the officers did not inform the 
woman that she could refuse consent. 
Question 23 - Real Property 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811445
--- PAGE 8 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
A landowner died, validly devising his land to his 
wife "for life or until remarriage, then to" their 
daughter. Shortly after the landowner's death, his 
daughter executed an instrument in the proper form 
of a deed, purporting to convey the land to her friend. 
A year later, the daughter died intestate, with her 
mother, the original landowner's wife, as her sole 
heir. The following month, the wife re-married. She 
then executed an instrument in the proper form of a 
deed, purporting to convey the land to her new 
husband as a wedding gift. 
Who now owns what interest in the land? 
(A) The daughters friend owns the fee simple. 
(B) The wife owns the fee simple. 
(C) The wife's new husband has a life estate in the 
land for the wife's life, with the remainder in the 
daughter's friend. 
(D) The wife's new husband owns the fee simple. 
Question 24 - Contracts 
During negotiations to purchase a used car, a buyer 
asked a dealer whether the car had ever been in an 
accident. The dealer replied: "It is a fine car and has 
been thoroughly inspected and comes with a 
certificate of assured quality. Feel free to have the car 
inspected by your own mechanic." In actuality, the 
car had been in an accident and the dealer had 
repaired 
and 
repainted 
the 
car, 
successfully 
concealing evidence of the accident. The buyer 
declined to have the car inspected by his own 
mechanic, explaining that he would rely on the 
dealers certificate of assured quality. At no time did 
the dealer disclose that the car had previously been in 
an accident. The parties then signed a contract of 
sale. After the car was delivered and paid for, the 
buyer learned about the car's involvement in a major 
accident. 
If the buyer sues the dealer to rescind the transaction, 
is the buyer likely to succeed? 
(A) No, because the buyer had the opportunity to 
have the car inspected by his own mechanic and 
declined to do so. 
(II) No. because the dealer did not affirmatively 
assert that the car had not been in an accident. 
(C) Yes, because the contract was unconscionable. 
(D) Yes, because the dealer's statement 
was 
intentionally misleading and the dealer had 
concealed evidence of the accident. 
Question 25 - Constitutional Law 
A state constitution provides that in every criminal 
MBE RELEASP.D QUESTIONS 
trial "the accused shall have the right to confront all 
witnesses against him face to face." A defendant was 
convicted in state court of child abuse based on 
testimony from a six-year-old child. The child 
testified while she was seated behind one-way glass, 
which allowed the defendant to see the child but did 
not allow the child to see the defendant. The 
defendant appealed to the state supreme court 
claiming that the inability of the witness to see the 
defendant while she testified violated both the United 
States Constitution and the state constitution. Without 
addressing the federal constitutional issue, the state 
supreme court reversed the defendant's conviction 
and ordered a new trial. The state supreme court held 
that "the constitution of this state is clear, and it 
requires that while testifying in a criminal trial, a 
witness must be able to see the defendant." The state 
petitioned the United States Supreme Court for a writ 
of certiorari. 
On which ground should the United States Supreme 
Court DENY the state's petition? 
(A) A state may not seek appellate review in the 
United States Supreme Court of the reversal of a 
criminal conviction by its own supreme court. 
(B) The decision of the state supreme court was 
based on an adequate and independent state 
ground. 
(C) The Sixth Amendment to the United States 
Constitution does not require that a witness 
against a criminal defendant be able to see the 
defendant while the witness testifies. 
(D) The state supreme court's decision requires a 
new trial, and therefore it is not a final judgment. 
Question 26 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A husband and wife took their I2-year-old son to a 
political rally to hear a controversial United States 
senator speak. The speaker was late, and the wife 
stepped outside to smoke a cigarette. While there, she 
saw a man placing what she believed to be a bomb 
against a wall at the back of the building. She went 
back inside and told her husband what she had seen. 
Without alerting anyone, they took their son and left. 
Some 20 minutes later, the bomb exploded, killing 
eight persons and injuring 50. In the jurisdiction, 
murder in the first degree is defined as an intentional 
homicide 
committed 
with 
premeditation 
and 
deliberation; murder in the second degree is defined 
as all other murder at common law; and manslaughter 
is defined as either a homicide in the heat of passion 
arising from adequate provocation or a homicide 
caused by gross negligence or reckless indifference to 
consequence. 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811446
--- PAGE 9 ---
AMEMBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
• 
As to the deaths of the eight persons, what crime, if 
any, did the wife commit? 
(A) Manslaughter. 
(B) Murder in the first degree. 
(C) Murder in the second degree. 
(D) No crime. 
Question 27 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A woman decided to steal a necklace that belonged to 
her neighbor. She knew where the neighbor kept the 
necklace because she had been in the neighbor's 
house on many occasions when the neighbor had 
taken off the necklace and put it away in a jewelry 
box in the bathroom. One night, the woman went to 
the neighbor's house. The neighbor was away and the 
house was dark. The woman opened the bathroom 
window, saw the jewelry box on the counter, and 
started to climb inside. As her leg cleared the window 
sill, the neighbor's cat let out a loud screech. 
Terrified, the woman bolted back outside and fled. 
The crimes below are listed in descending order of 
seriousness. What is the most serious crime 
committed by the woman? 
(A) Burglary, 
(B) Attempted burglary. 
(C) Attempted larceny. 
(D) No crime. 
Question 28 - Torts 
A host pointed an unloaded revolver at her guest, 
threatening to shoot him. The guest knew that the 
revolver was not loaded, and that the ammunition for 
the revolver was stored in a locked basement closet, 
two stories below where the two were then standing. 
In an action brought by the guest against the host for 
assault, will the guest prevail? 
(A) No, because the host did not intend to shoot her 
guest. 
(B) No, because the host did not put her guest in 
apprehension of an imminent contact. 
(C) Yes, because the ammunition was aressible to 
the host. 
(D) Yes, because the host threatened her guest with a 
revolver. 
Question 29 - Evidence 
A defendant has pleaded not guilty to a federal 
charge of bank robbery. The principal issue at trial is 
the identity of the robber. The prosecutor calls the 
defendant's wife to testify to the clothing that the 
defendant wore as he left their house on the day the 
bank was robbed, expecting her description to match 
that of eyewitnesses to the robbery. Both the 
defendant and his wife object to her testifying against 
the defendant. 
Should the wife be required to testify? 
(A) No, because the defendant has a privilege to 
prevent his wife from testifying against him in a 
criminal case. 
(B) No, because the wife has a privilege not to testify 
against her husband in a criminal case. 
(C) Yes, because the interspousal privilege does not 
apply in criminal cases. 
(D) Yes, because the wife's viewing of the 
defendant's clothing was not a confidential 
communication. 
Question 30 - Contracts 
On January 5, a creditor lent $1,000 to a debtor under 
a contract calling for the debtor to repay the loan at 
the rate of $100 per month payable on the first day of 
each month. On February 1, at the debtor's request, 
the creditor agreed to permit payment on February 5. 
On March 1, the debtor requested a similar time 
extension and the creditor replied, "Don't bother me 
each month. Just change the date of payment to the 
fifth of the month. But you must now make the 
payments by cashier's check." The debtor said, 
"Okay," and made payments on March 5 and April 5. 
On April 6, the creditor sold the loan contract to a 
bank, but did not tell the bank about the agreement 
permitting payments on the fifth of the month. On 
April 6, the bank wrote to the debtor: "Your debt to 
(the creditor) has been assigned to us. We hereby 
inform you that all payments must be made on the 
first day of the month." 
Can the debtor justifiably insist that the payment date 
for the rest of the installments is the fifth of each 
month? 
(A) No, because a contract modification is not 
binding on an assignee who had no knowledge of 
the modification. 
(B) No, because although the creditor waived the 
condition of payment on the first of the month, 
the bank reinstated it. 
(C) Yes, because although the creditor waived the 
condition of payment on the first of the month, 
the creditor could not assign to the bank his right 
to reinstate that condition. 
(D) Yes, because the creditor could assign to the 
bank only those rights the creditor had in the 
contract at the time of the assignment. 
• 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811447
--- PAGE 10 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
Question 31 - Contracts 
A buyer entered into a written contract to purchase 
from a seller 1,000 sets of specially manufactured 
ball bearings of a nonstandard dimension for a price 
of $10 per set. The seller correctly calculated that it 
would cost $8 to manufacture each set. Delivery was 
scheduled for 60 days later. Fifty-five days later, after 
the seller had completed production of the 1,000 sets, 
the buyer abandoned the project requiring use of the 
specially manufactured ball bearings and repudiated 
the contract with the seller. After notifying the buyer 
of his intention to resell, the seller sold the 1,000 sets 
of ball bearings to a salvage company for $2 per set. 
The seller sued the buyer for damages. 
What damages should the court award to the seller? 
(A) $2 per set, representing the difference between 
the cost of production and the price the buyer 
agreed to pay. 
(B) $6 per set, representing the difference between 
the cost of manufacture and the salvage price. 
(C) $8 per set, representing the lost profits plus the 
unrecovered cost of production. 
(D) Nominal damages, as the seller failed to resell 
the goods by public auction. 
Question 32 - Torts 
A construction company was digging a trench for a 
new sewer line in a street in a high-crime 
neighborhood. During the course of the construction, 
there had been many thefts of tools and equipment 
from the construction area. 
One night, the 
construction company's employees neglected to place 
warning lights around the trench. A delivery truck 
drove into the trench and broke an axle. While the 
delivery driver was looking for a telephone to 
summon a tow truck, thieves broke into the delivery 
truck and stole $350,000 worth of goods. The 
delivery company sued the construction company to 
recover for the $350,000 loss and for $1,500 worth of 
damage to its truck. The construction company 
stipulated that it was negligent in failing to place 
Warning lights around the trench, and admits liability 
for damage to the truck, but denies liability for the 
loss of the goods. 
On cross-motions for summary judgment, how 
should the court rule? 
(A) Deny both motions, because there is evidence to 
support a finding that the construction company 
should have realized that its negligence could 
cr cri
eate me an opportunity for a third party to commit
a 
MBE Rkkk.AsEn QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
• 
(B) Grant the construction company's motion, 
because no one could have foreseen that the 
failure to place warning lights could result in the 
loss of a cargo of valuable goods. 
(C) Grant the construction company's motion, 
because the criminal acts of third persons were a 
superseding cause of the loss. 
(D) Grant the delivery company's motion, because 
but for the construction company's actions, the 
goods would not have been stolen. 
Question 33 - Constitutional Law 
Several public high school students asked the 
superintendent of the public school district whether 
the minister of a local church could deliver an 
interdenominational prayer 
at 
their graduation 
ceremony in the school auditorium. None of the 
students or their guests at graduation would be 
required to pray while the minister delivered the 
prayer. 
Would the minister's delivery of such a prayer at the 
public high school graduation be constitutional? 
(A) No, because it would be an unconstitutional 
establishment of religion. 
(B) No, because it would deny attendees who are not 
members of the minister's denomination the right 
to freely exercise their religion. 
(C) Yes, because none of the students or their guests 
would be required to pray at the graduation 
ceremony. 
(D) Yes, because the idea for the prayer originated 
with the students and not with school officials. 
Question 34 - Evidence 
At the defendant's trial for a gang-related murder, the 
prosecution introduced, as former testimony, a 
statement by a gang member who testified against the 
defendant at a preliminary hearing and has now 
invoked his privilege against self-incrimination. 
If the defendant now seeks to impeach the credibility 
of the gang member, which of the following is the 
court most likely to admit? 
(A) Evidence that the gang member had three 
misdemeanor convictions for assault. 
(B) Testimony by a psychologist that persons with 
the gang member's background have a tendency 
to fabricate. 
(C) Testimony by a witness that at the time the gang 
member testified, he was challenging the 
defendant's leadership role in the gang. 
(D) Testimony by a witness that the gang member is 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811448
--- PAGE 11 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
a cocaine dealer. 
Question 35 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A defendant was charged with manslaughter. At the 
preliminary hearing, the magistrate dismissed the 
charge on the grounds that the evidence was 
insufficient. The prosecutor then brought the case 
before a grand jury. After hearing the evidence 
presented by the prosecutor, the grand jury refused to 
return an indictment. The prosecutor waited a few 
months until a new grand jury had been impaneled 
and brought the case before that grand jury, which 
returned an indictment charging the defendant with 
manslaughter. The defendant moves to dismiss the 
indictment on double jeopardy grounds. 
Should the motion be granted? 
(A) No, because jeopardy had not attached. 
(B) No, because there has been no conviction or 
acquittal. 
(C) Yes, 
because 
any 
proceeding 
after 
the 
preliminary hearing would violate double 
jeopardy. 
(D) Yes, because bringing the case before the second 
grand jury was a violation of double jeopardy. 
Question 36 - Constitutional Law 
Congress passed a statute directing the United States 
Forest Service, a federal agency, to issue regulations 
to control campfires on federal public lands and to 
establish a schedule of penalties for those who violate 
the new regulations. The statute provided that the 
Forest Service regulations should "reduce, to the 
maximum extent feasible, all potential hazards that 
arise from campfires on Forest Service lands." The 
Forest Service issued the regulations and the schedule 
of penalties directed by Congress. The regulations 
include a rule that provides for the doubling of the 
fine for any negligent or prohibited use of fire if the 
user is intoxicated by alcohol or drugs. 
Which of the following is the best argument for 
sustaining the constitutionality of the Forest Service's 
rule providing for the fines? 
(A) The executive branch of government, of which 
the Forest Service is pan, has inherent rule-
making authority over public lands. 
(B) The rule is issued pursuant to a valid exercise of 
Congress's power to delegate rule-making 
authority to federal agencies. 
(C) The rule 
is justified by 
a 
compelling 
governmental interest in safeguarding forest 
resources. 
• 
(D) The rule relates directly to law enforcement, 
which is an executive rather than legislative 
function, and hence it does not need specific 
congressional authorization. 
Question 37 - Evidence 
A defendant was charged with aggravated assault. At 
trial, the victim testified that the defendant beat her 
savagely, but she was not asked about anything said 
during the incident. The prosecutor then called a 
witness to testify is when the beating stopped, the 
victim screamed: 
dying-don't let [the defendant) 
get away with it!" 
Is the testimony of the witness concerning the 
victim's statement admissible? 
(A) No, because it is hearsay not within any 
exception. 
(B) No, because the victim was not asked about the 
statement. 
(C) Yes, as a statement under belief of impending 
death, even though the victim did not die. 
(D) Yes, as an excited utterance. 
Question 38 - Contracts 
A bakery offered a chef a permanent full-time job as 
a pastry chef at a salary of $2,000 per month. The 
chef agreed to take the position and to begin work in 
two weeks. In her employment application, the chef 
had indicated that she was seeking a permanent job. 
One week after the chef was hired by the bakery, a 
hotel offered the chef a position as a restaurant 
manager at a salary of $2,500 a month. The chef 
accepted and promptly notified the bakery that she 
would not report for work at the bakery. 
Is the bakery likely to prevail in a lawsuit against the 
chef for breach of contract? 
(A) No, 
because 
a 
contract 
for 
permanent 
employment would be interpreted to mean the 
chef could leave at any time. 
(8) No, because the position the chef took with the 
hotel was not substantially comparable to the one 
she had agreed to take with the bakery. 
(C) Yes, because the chefs acceptance of a 
permanent position meant that she agreed to 
leave the bakery only after a reasonable time. 
(D) Yes, because the chefs failure to give the bakery 
a chance to match the salary offered by the hotel 
breached the implied right of first refusal. 
Question 39- Real Property 
•  
ern nf irsTioNs 
-• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE; 
EFTA00811449
--- PAGE 12 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
A creditor received a valid judgment against a debtor 
and promptly and properly filed the judgment in the 
county. Two years later, the debtor purchased land in 
the county and promptly and properly recorded the 
warranty deed to it. Subsequently, the debtor 
borrowed $30,000 from his aunt, signing a 
promissory note for that amount, which note was 
secured by a mortgage on the land. The mortgage 
was promptly and properly recorded. The aunt failed 
to make a title search before making the loan. The 
debtor made no payment to the creditor and defaulted 
on the mortgage loan from his aunt. A valid judicial 
foreclosure proceeding was held, in which the 
creditor, the aunt, and the debtor were named parties. 
A dispute arose as to which lien has priority. A 
statute of the jurisdiction provides: "Any judgment 
properly filed shall, for 10 years from filing, be a lien 
on the real property then owned or subsequently 
acquired by any person against whom the judgment is 
rendered." A second statute of the jurisdiction 
provides: "No unrecorded conveyance or mortgage of 
real property shall be good against subsequent 
purchasers for value without notice, who shall first 
record." 
Who has the prior lien? 
(A) The aunt, because a judgment lien is subordinate 
to a mortgage lien. 
(B) The aunt, because she is a mortgagee under a 
purchase money mortgage. 
(C) The creditor, because its judgment was filed first. 
(D) The creditor, because the aunt had a duty to 
make a title search of the property. 
Question 40 - Torts 
The personnel director of an investment company 
told a job applicant during an interview that the 
company was worth millions of dollars and that the 
company's portfolio would triple in the next several 
months. The applicant was very excited about the 
company's prospects and accepted an offer to work 
for the company. Two days later, the applicant read 
in the newspaper that the investment company had 
tiled for bankruptcy reorganization. As a result of
reading this news, the applicant suffered severe 
emotional distress but he immediately found another 
comparable position. 
Is the applicant likely to prevail in his action for 
negligent misrepresentation? 
(A) No, because the applicant did not suffer any 
physical injury or pecuniary loss. 
(B) No. because the personnel directors statement 
was Purely speculative. 
MBE REI.E.Ast Qt ES TIONS 
y. 4 ra 
(C) Yes, because the applicant relied on the 
personnel director's misrepresentations about the 
investment company. 
(D) Yes, because the personnel director should have 
foreseen that his misrepresentations would cause 
the applicant to be upset. 
Question 4! - Constitutional Law 
A city zoning ordinance requires anyone who 
proposes to operate a group home to obtain a special 
use permit from the city zoning board. The zoning 
ordinance defines a group home as a residence in 
which four or more unrelated adults reside. An 
individual applied for a special use permit to operate 
a group home for convicts during their transition 
from serving prison sentences to their release on 
parole. Although the proposed group home met all of 
the requirements for the special use permit, the 
zoning board denied the individual's application 
because of the nature of the proposed use. The 
individual sued the zoning board seeking declaratory 
and injunctive relief on constitutional grounds. 
Which of the following best states the appropriate 
burden of persuasion in this action? 
(A) Because housing is a fundamental right, the 
zoning board must demonstrate that denial of the 
permit is necessary to serve a compelling state 
interest. 
(B) Because the zoning board's action has the effect 
of discriminating against a quasi-suspect class in 
regard to a basic subsistence right, the zoning 
board must demonstrate that the denial of the 
permit is substantially related to an important 
state interest. 
(C) Because the zoning board's action invidiously 
discriminates against a suspect class, the zoning 
board must demonstrate that denial of the permit 
is necessary to serve a compelling state interest. 
(D) Because the zoning board's action is in the nature 
of an economic or social welfare regulation, the 
individual seeking the permit must demonstrate 
that the denial of the permit is not rationally 
related to a legitimate state interest. 
Question 42 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
State troopers lawfully stopped a driver on the 
turnpike for exceeding the speed limit by four miles 
per hour. One trooper approached the car to warn the 
driver to drive within the speed limit. The other 
trooper remained in the patrol car and ran a computer 
check of the car's license number. The computer 
check indicated that there was an outstanding warrant 
for the drivers arrest for unpaid traffic tickets. The 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811450
--- PAGE 13 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
troopers then arrested the driver based on the warrant, 
and they proceeded to search the driver. During the 
search, they discovered a package of heroin in one of 
the driver's pockets. Later, it was learned that the 
driver had paid the outstanding traffic tickets 10 days 
earlier and that the warrant had been quashed, but the 
clerk of the court had failed to update the computer, 
which continued to list the warrant as outstanding. 
The driver was charged with unlawful possession of 
heroin. Her attorney has filed a motion to suppress 
the use of the heroin as evidence. 
Should the motion be granted? 
(A) No, because the troopers could reasonably rely 
on the computer report and the search was 
incident to arrest. 
(B) No, because troopers may lawfully search a 
driver incident to a valid traffic stop. 
(C) Yes, because there was no arrest for the traffic 
violation and no lawful arrest could be made on 
the basis of the warrant. 
(D) Yes, because there was no probable cause or 
reasonable suspicion to believe that the driver 
possessed drugs. 
Question 43 - Contracts 
A debtor owed a lender $1,500. The statute of 
limitations barred recovery on the claim. The debtor 
wrote to the lender, stating, "I promise to pay you 
$500 if you will extinguish the debt." The lender 
agreed. 
Is the debtor's promise to pay the lender $500 
enforceable? 
(A) No, because the debtor made no promise not to 
plead the statute of limitations as a defense. 
(B) No, because there was no consideration for the 
debtor's promise. 
(C) Yes, because the debtor's promise provided a 
benefit to the lender. 
(13) Yes, because the debtor's promise to pay part of 
the barred antecedent debt is enforceable. 
Question 44 - Evidence 
A homeowner sued a plumber for damages resulting 
from the plumber's allegedly faulty installation of 
water pipes in her basement, causing flooding. At 
trial, the homeowner was prepared to testify that 
when she first detected the flooding, she turned off 
the water and called the plumber at his emergency 
number for help. The plumber responded, "('II come 
by tomorrow and redo the installation for free." 
Is the plumber's response admissible? 
(A) No, because it is an offer in compromise. 
(B) No, because it is hearsay not within any 
exception. 
(C) Yes, as a subsequent remedial measure. 
(D) Yes, as evidence of the plumber's fault. 
Question 45 - Real Property 
An investor purchased a tract of land, financing a 
large part of the purchase price by a loan from a 
business partner that was secured by a mortgage. The 
investor made the installment payments on the 
mortgage regularly for several years. Then the 
investor persuaded a neighbor to buy the land, subject 
to the mortgage to his partner. They expressly agreed 
that the neighbor would not assume and agree to pay 
the investors debt to the partner. The investor's 
mortgage to the partner contained a due-on-sale 
clause stating, "If Mortgagor transfers his/her interest 
without the written consent of Mortgagee first 
obtained, then at Mortgagee's option the entire 
principal balance of the debt secured by this 
Mortgage shall become immediately due and 
payable." However, without seeking his partner's 
consent, the investor conveyed the land to the 
neighbor, the deed stating in pertinent part " 
, , 
subject to a mortgage to (the partner]," and giving 
details and recording data related to the mortgage. 
The neighbor took possession of the land and made 
several mortgage payments, which the partner 
accepted. Now, however, neither the neighbor nor the 
investor has made the last three mortgage payments. 
The partner has sued the neighbor for the amount of 
the delinquent payments. 
In this action, for whom should the court render 
judgment? 
(A) The neighbor, because she did not assume and 
agree to pay the investors mortgage debt. 
(B) The neighbor, because she is not in privity of 
estate with the partner. 
(C) The partner, because the investor's deed to the 
neighbor violated the due-on-sale clause. 
(D) The partner, because the neighbor is in privity of 
estate with the partner. 
Question 46 - Constitutional Law 
A purchaser bought land in the mountain foothills 
just outside a resort town and planned to build a 
housing development there. Soon thereafter, the 
county in which the land was located unexpectedly 
adopted a regulation that, for the first time, prohibited 
all construction in several foothill and mountain 
_ 
Cuit-MIMS 
 • 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811451
--- PAGE 14 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
areas, including the area of the purchaser's property. 
The purpose of the county's regulation was "to 
conserve for future generations the unique natural 
wildlife and plant habitats" in the mountain areas. 
Since the adoption of the regulation, the purchaser 
has been unable to lease or sell the property at any 
price. Several realtors have advised the purchaser that 
the property is now worthless. The purchaser sued the 
county, claiming that the regulation has taken the 
purchaser's property and that the county therefore 
owes the purchaser just compensation. 
Is the court likely to rule in favor of the purchaser? 
(A) No, because the county did not take title to the 
property from the purchaser. 
(B) No, because the regulation has not caused or 
authorized any uninvited physical invasion or 
intrusion onto the property. 
(C) Yes, because the conservation objective of the 
county ordinance is not sufficiently compelling 
to justify the substantial diminution in the 
property value. 
(D) Yes, because the effect of the county's regulation 
is to deny the purchaser's investment-backed 
expectation and essentially all economically 
beneficial use of the property. 
Question 47 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A woman who is a computer expert decided to 
dedicate herself to exposing persons who trafficked 
in child pornography. She posted a number of 
sexually oriented photographs on her web site. The 
file for each photograph contained an embedded 
Trojan horse program (a program that would allow 
the woman to enter the computer of anyone who 
downloaded the photograph). A man downloaded one 
of those photographs onto his personal computer. 
Using the embedded program, the woman entered the 
man's computer and found a file containing a 
pornographic photograph of a child. She copied the 
file and turned it over to a federal law enforcement 
agency. A federal agent told her that a successful 
prosecution would require more than one photograph 
and offered her a monetary reward for additional 
photographs leading to the man's conviction. The 
woman entered the defendant's computer again, and 
this time she found hundreds of child pornography 
photographs, which she turned over to the federal 
agency. The man is charged with multiple counts of 
violating federal child pornography statutes. He has 
moved to suppress the photographs that the woman
discovered on his computer. The motion is based on 
both the Fourth Amendment and a federal statute 
without 
enn
inpgintiessreioenption of electronic communication 
• The parties have stipulated that 
the woman's conduct in downloading photographs 
from the man's computer violated the interception 
statute. 
How should the court rule on the defendant's motion 
to suppress? 
(A) Deny the motion as to all photographs. 
(B) Grant the motion as to all photographs, because 
the woman acted without probable cause. 
(C) Grant the motion as to all photographs, because 
the woman violated the federal interception 
statute. 
(D) Grant the motion only as to the second set of 
photographs. 
Question 48 - Contracts 
A car dealer owed a bank $10,000, due on June I. 
The car dealer subsequently sold an automobile to a 
buyer at a price of $10,000, payable at $1,000 per 
month beginning on June 1. The car dealer then 
asked the bank whether the bank would accept 
payments of $1,000 per month for 10 months 
beginning June 1, without interest, in payment of the 
debt. The bank agreed to that arrangement and the car 
dealer then directed the buyer to make the payments 
to the bank. When the buyer tendered the first 
payment to the bank, the bank refused the payment, 
asserting that it would accept payment only from the 
car dealer. On June 2, the bank demanded that the car 
dealer pay the debt in full immediately. The car 
dealer refused to pay and the bank sued the car dealer 
to recover the $10,000. 
In this suit, which of the following arguments best 
supports the bank's claim for immediate payment? 
(A) The agreement to extend the time for payment 
was not in writing. 
(B) The car dealer could not delegate its duty to pay 
to the buyer. 
(C) The car dealer gave no consideration for the 
agreement to extend the time of payment. 
(D) The car dealers conduct was an attempted 
novation that the bank could reject. 
Question 49 - Evidence 
A defendant was charged in federal court with selling 
a controlled 
substance (heroin) in 
interstate 
commerce. At trial, the prosecutor introduced 
evidence that the defendant obtained the substance 
from a supplier in Kansas City and delivered it in 
Chicago. The defendant denied that the substance in 
question was heroin, but he introduced no contrary 
evidence on the issue of transportation. 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811452
--- PAGE 15 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
Which of the following instructions regarding 
judicial notice may the judge legitimately give the 
jury? 
(A) "If you find that the defendant obtained the drugs 
in Kansas City and delivered them to Chicago, I 
instruct you to find that the substance was sold in 
an interstate transaction." 
(B) "If you find that the defendant obtained the drugs 
in Kansas City and delivered them to Chicago, 
then the burden of persuasion is on the defendant 
to establish that the transaction was not 
interstate." 
(C) "I f you find that the defendant obtained the drugs 
in Kansas City and delivered them to Chicago, 
then you may, but you are not required to, find 
that the transaction was interstate in nature." 
(D) "I instruct you that there is a presumption that 
the substance was sold in an interstate 
transaction, but the burden of persuasion on that 
issue is still on the government." 
Question 50 - Torts 
An associate professor in the pediatrics department of 
a local medical school was denied tenure. He asked a 
national education lobbying organization to represent 
him in his efforts to have the tenure decision 
reversed. In response to a letter from the organization 
on the professor's behalf, the dean of the medical 
school wrote to the organization explaining truthfully 
that the professor had been denied tenure because of 
reports that he had abused two of his former patients. 
Several months later, after a thorough investigation, 
the allegations were proven false and the professor 
was granted tenure. He had remained working at the 
medical school at full pay during the tenure decision 
review process and thus suffered no pecuniary harm. 
In a suit for libel by the professor against the dean of 
the medical school, will the professor prevail? 
(A) No, because the professor invited the libel. 
(B) No, because the professor suffered no pecuniary 
loss. 
(C) Yes, because the dean had a duty to investigate 
the rumor before repeating iL 
(D) Yes, because the dean's defamatory statement 
was in the form of a writing. 
Question 51 - Constitutional Law 
A man bought an antique car from a car dealer in 
State A. Under State A law, a person who buys from 
such a dealer acquires good title, even if the property 
was stolen from a previous owner. The man showed 
the car at an antique car show in State B. A woman 
recognized the car as having been stolen from her. 
Under State B law, a person whose property is stolen 
may reclaim it, even if the current possessor is an 
innocent purchaser. The woman sued the man in a 
State B court to reclaim the car. The man defended, 
claiming that he had good title under the law of State 
A. Nevertheless, the State B court applied State B 
law, and the woman prevailed. The man did not 
appeal. The sheriff gave the woman possession of the 
car. Several months later, the woman drove the car to 
State A. The man brought a new suit against the 
woman, claiming that the State B court in the prior 
suit should have applied the State A law, which 
protected innocent purchasers. The woman appeared 
and moved to dismiss the suit. 
What should the State A court do? 
(A) Apply the federal law of sale of goods, because 
the car has moved in interstate commerce. 
(B) Apply the State A law, because the car is 
currently located in State A. 
(C) Dismiss the suit, because the State A court must 
give full faith and credit to the State B judgment. 
(D) Remove the case to federal court, because the car 
has moved in interstate commerce, and therefore 
the case raises a federal question. 
Question 52 - Real Property 
A seller and a purchaser signed a contract for the sale 
of a 60-year-old house. The contract required a 
warranty deed to be given at closing. The contract 
was silent regarding the condition of the house, and 
the purchaser did not ask. The purchaser received a 
warranty deed with all covenants of title at the 
closing 
and 
promptly 
recorded 
the 
deed. 
Approximately one month after the closing, the 
furnace in the house stopped working, the basement 
flooded, and the roof leaked so badly that the second 
floor could not be occupied. The seller, when told of 
the house's condition, was genuinely surprised. 
There is no applicable statute. 
The purchaser has sued the seller for damages. Will 
the purchaser likely be successful? 
(A) Yes, because with a conveyance of residential 
real property, a warranty of fitness is implied. 
(B) Yes, based on the covenants of title contained in 
the deed the purchaser received. 
(C) No, because the seller gave no warranty 
regarding the condition of the house. 
(O) No, because of the doctrine of merger. 
Question 53 - Torts 
M RR RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811453
--- PAGE 16 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
A dentist was anesthetizing a patient's gum before 
pulling a tooth. Although the dentist used due care, 
the hypodermic needle broke off in the patient's gum, 
causing injury. The needle broke because of a 
manufacturing defect that the dentist could not have 
detected. 
Is the patient likely to recover damages in an action 
against the dentist based on strict products liability 
and malpractice? 
(A) No, on neither basis. 
(B) Yes, based on malpractice, but not on strict 
products liability. 
(C) Yes, based on strict products liability, but not on 
malpractice. 
(D) Yes, on both bases. 
Question 54 - Contracts 
A bottling company sent a purchase order to a 
wholesaler that stated, "Ship 100,000 empty plastic 
bottles at the posted price." Two days after receipt of 
this purchase order, the wholesaler shipped the 
bottles and the bottling company accepted delivery of 
them. A week after the bottles were delivered, the 
bottling 
company 
received 
the 
wholesaler's 
acknowledgement form, which included a provision 
disclaiming consequential damages. After using the 
bottles for two months, the bottling company 
discovered a defect in the bottles that caused its 
products to leak from them. The bottling company 
recalled 10,000 of the bottles containing its product, 
incurring lost profits of $40,000. 
Assuming all appropriate defenses are seasonably 
raised, will the bottling company succeed in 
recovering $40,000 in consequential damages from 
the wholesaler? 
(A) No, because buyers are generally not entitled to 
recover consequential damages. 
(B) No, because the bottling company's acceptance 
of the goods also constituted an acceptance of 
the 
terns 
included 
in the 
wholesaler's 
acknowledgement. 
(C) Yes, because the disclaimer of consequential 
damages is unconscionable.
(0) Yes, because the wholesaler's acknowledgement 
did not alter the terms of an existing contract 
between the parties. 
Question 55 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A state statute defines murder in the first degree as 
knowingly causing the death of another person after 
deliberation upon the matter." Second-degree murder 
is defined as "knowingly causing the death of another 
person." Manslaughter is defined as at common law. 
Deliberation is defined as "cool reflection for any 
length of time, no matter how brief." The defendant, 
despondent and angry over losing his job, was 
contemplating suicide. He took his revolver, went to 
a bar, and drank until he was very intoxicated. A 
customer on the next stool was telling the bartender 
how it was necessary for companies to downsize and 
become more efficient in order to keep the economy 
strong. The defendant turned to him and said, "Why 
don't you shut the hell up." The customer responded, 
"This is a free country and I can say what I want," all 
the while shaking his finger at the defendant. The 
finger-shaking, combined with his already bad 
disposition and the alcohol, enraged the defendant. 
Trembling with fury, he snatched his revolver from 
his pocket and shot and killed the customer. 
What crime did the defendant commit? 
(A) Manslaughter, because there was a reasonable 
explanation for his becoming enraged. 
(B) Murder in the first degree, because deliberation 
can take place in an instant. 
(C) Murder in the 
first degree, because he 
contemplated taking a human life before 
becoming intoxicated. 
(D) Murder in the second degree, because he 
knowingly caused the customer's death without 
deliberation. 
Question 56 - Constitutional Law 
A state statute requires, without exception, that a 
woman under the age of 18 notify one of her parents 
at least 48 hours before having an abortion. A proper 
lawsuit challenges the constitutionality of this state 
statute. 
In that 
suit, should the 
court uphold the 
constitutionality of the statute? 
(A) No, because a 48-hour waiting period is 
excessively long and, therefore, it imposes an 
undue burden on a woman's right to procure an 
abortion. 
(B) No, because the state law does not provide a 
bypass procedure that would allow a court to 
authorize a minor to obtain an abortion without 
prior parental notification under appropriate 
circumstances. 
(C) Yes, because parents' rights to supervise their 
minor daughter's health care outweighs any 
individual right she may have. 
(D) Yes, because such parental notification and 
waiting-period requirements do not impose an 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811454
--- PAGE 17 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
undue burden on a minor's right to procure an 
abortion. 
Question 57 - Real Property 
A businessman owned a hotel, subject to a mortgage 
securing a debt he owed to a bank. The businessman 
later acquired a nearby parking garage, financing a 
part of the purchase price by a loan from a financing 
company, secured by a mortgage on the parking 
garage. Two years thereafter, the businessman 
defaulted on the loan owed to the bank, which caused 
the full amount of that loan to become immediately 
due and payable. The bank decided not to foreclose 
the mortgage on the hotel at that time, but instead 
properly sued for the full amount of the defaulted 
loan. The bank obtained and properly filed a 
judgment for that amount. A statute of the 
jurisdiction provides: "Any judgment properly filed 
shall, for ten years from filing, be a lien on the real 
property then owned or subsequently acquired by any 
person against whom the judgment is rendered." 
There is no other applicable statute, except the statute 
providing for judicial foreclosure of mortgages, 
which places no restriction on deficiency judgments. 
Shortly thereafter, the bank brought an appropriate 
action for judicial foreclosure of its first mortgage on 
the hotel and of its judgment lien on the parking 
garage. The financing company was joined as a party 
defendant, and appropriately counterclaimed for 
foreclosure of its mortgage on the parking garage, 
which was also in default. AU procedures were 
properly followed and the confirmed foreclosure 
sales resulted in the following: The net proceeds of 
the sale of the hotel to a third party were $200,000 
less than the bank's mortgage balance. The net 
proceeds of the sale of the parking garage to a fourth 
party were $200,000 more than the financing 
company's mortgage balance. 
How should the $200,000 surplus arising from the 
bid on the parking garage be distributed? 
(A) It should be paid to the bank. 
(B) It should be paid to the businessman. 
(C) It should be paid to the financing company. 
(D) It should be split equally between the bank and 
the financing company. 
Question 58 - Evidence 
In a personal injury case, the plaintiff sued a retail 
store for injuries she sustained from a fall in the store. 
The plaintiff alleged that the store negligently 
allowed its entryway to become slippery due to snow 
tracked in from the sidewalk. When the plaintiff 
threatened to sue, the store's manager said, "I know 
that there was slush on that marble entry, but I think 
your four-inch-high heels were the real cause of your 
fall. So let's agree that we'll pay your medical bills, 
and you release us from any claims you might have." 
The plaintiff refused the offer. At trial, the plaintiff 
seeks to testify to the manager's statement that "there 
was slush on that marble entry." 
Is the statement about the slush on the floor 
admissible? 
(A) No, because it is a statement made in the course 
of compromise negotiations. 
(B) No, because the manager denied that the slippery 
condition was the cause of the plaintiffs fall. 
(C) Yes, as an admission by an agent about a matter 
within the scope of his authority. 
(D) Yes, because the rule excluding offers of 
compromise does not protect statements of fact 
made during compromise negotiations. 
Question 59 - Torts 
In a civil action, the plaintiff sued a decedent's estate 
to recover damages for the injuries she suffered in a 
collision between her car and one driven by the 
decedent. At trial, the plaintiff introduced undisputed 
evidence that the decedent's car swerved across the 
median of the highway, where it collided with an 
oncoming car driven by the plaintiff. The decedent's 
estate introduced undisputed evidence that, prior to 
the car's crossing the median, the decedent suffered a 
fatal heart attack, which she had no reason to foresee, 
and that, prior to the heart attack, the decedent had 
been driving at a reasonable speed and in a 
reasonable manner. A statute makes it a traffic 
offense to cross the median of a highway. 
In this case, for whom should the court render 
judgment? 
(A) The decedent's estate, because its evidence is 
undisputed. 
(B) The decedent's estate, because the plaintiff has 
not established a prima facie case of liability. 
(C) The plaintiff, because the accident was of a type 
that does not ordinarily happen in the absence of 
negligence on the actor's part. 
(D) The plaintiff, because the decedent crossed the 
median in violation of the statute. 
Question 60 - Constitutional Law 
A group of students at a state university's law school 
wished to debate the future of affirmative action in 
that state and at that law school. For this debate they 
requested the use of a meeting room in the law school 
_ ".•nrwrinAIC 
 • 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811455
--- PAGE 18 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
that is available on a first-come, first-served basis for 
extracurricular student use. Speakers presenting all 
sides of the issue were scheduled to participate. The 
law school administration refused to allow the use of 
any of its meeting rooms for this purpose solely 
because it believed that "such a debate, even if 
balanced, would have a negative effect on the morale 
of the law school community and might cause 
friction among the students that would disrupt the 
institution's educational mission." 
Is the refusal of the law school administration to 
allow the use of its meeting room for this purpose 
constitutional? 
(A) No, because the law school administration 
cannot demonstrate that its action was necessary 
to vindicate a compelling state interest. 
(B) No, because the law school administration 
cannot demonstrate that its action was rationally 
related to a legitimate state interest. 
(C) Yes, because the law school administration's 
only concern was the adverse effect of such a 
discussion of affirmative 
action 
on 
the 
immediate audience and the mission of the 
institution. 
(D) Yes, because the law students do not have a right 
to use a state-owned law school facility for a 
meeting that is not organized and sponsored by 
the law school itself. 
Question 61 - Real Property 
A fee-simple landowner lawfully subdivided his land 
into 10 large lots. The recorded subdivision plan 
imposed no restrictions on any of the 10 lots. Within 
two months after recording the plan, the landowner 
conveyed Lot I to a buyer, by a deed that contained 
no restriction on the lot's use. There was then a lull in 
sales. Two years later, the real estate market in the 
state had generally improved and, during the next six 
months, the landowner sold and conveyed eight of 
the remaining nine lots. In each of the eight deeds of 
conveyance, the landowner included the following 
language: "It is a term and condition of this 
conveyance, which shall be a covenant running with 
the land for the benefit of each of the 10 lots [with an 
appropriate reference to the recorded subdivision 
plan], that for 15 years from the date of recording of 
the plan, no use shall be made of the premises herein 
conveyed 
except 
for single-family 
residential 
Purposes." The buyer of Lot I had actual knowledge 
.of what the landowner had done. The landowner 
ded the quoted language in part because the 
-420Nng ordinance of the municipality had been 
fiPI' amended a Year earlier to permit professional offices 
lipony residential zone. Shortly after the landowner's 
most recent sale, when he owned only one unsold lot, 
the buyer of Lot I constructed a one-story house on 
Lot I and then conveyed Lot I to a doctor. The deed 
to the doctor contained no reference to any restriction 
on the use of Lot I. The doctor applied for an 
appropriate certificate of occupancy to enable her to 
use a part of the house on Lot I as a medical office. 
The landowner, on behalf of himself as the owner of 
the unsold lot, and on behalf of the other lot owners, 
sued to enjoin the doctor from carrying out her plans 
and to impose the quoted restriction on Lot I. 
Who is likely to prevail? 
(A) The doctor, because Lot I was conveyed without 
the inclusion of the restrictive covenant in the 
deed to the first buyer and the subsequent deed to 
the doctor. 
(B) The doctor, because zoning ordinances override 
private restrictive covenants as a matter of public 
policy. 
(C) The landowner, because the doctor, as a 
sucnccor in interest to the first buyer, is 
estopped to deny that Lot I remains subject to 
the zoning ordinance as it existed when Lot I 
was first conveyed by the landowner to the first 
buyer. 
(D) The landowner, because with the first buyer's 
knowledge of the 
facts, Lot I 
became 
incorporated into a common scheme. 
Question 62 - Contracts 
A seller and a buyer have dealt with each other in 
hundreds of separate grain contracts over the last five 
years. In performing each contract, the seller 
delivered the grain to the buyer and, upon delivery, 
the buyer signed an invoice that showed an agreed 
upon price for that delivery. Each invoice was silent 
in regard to any discount from the price for prompt 
payment. The custom of the grain trade is to allow a 
2% discount from the invoice price for payment 
within 10 days of delivery. In all of their prior 
transactions and without objection from the seller, the 
buyer took I5 days to pay and deducted 5% from the 
invoice price. The same delivery procedure and 
invoice were used in the present contract as had been 
used previously. The present contract called for a 
single delivery of wheat at a price of 5300,000. The 
seller delivered the wheat and the buyer then signed 
the invoice. On the third day after delivery, the buyer 
received the following note from the seller: "Payment 
in full in accordance with signed invoice is due 
immediately. No discounts permitted." s/Sel ler. 
Which of the following statements concerning these 
facts is most accurate? 
E RELEASED 
Q
u
Es-I" 
o
s
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811456
--- PAGE 19 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
(A) The custom of the trade controls, and the buyer 
is entitled to take a 2% discount if he pays within 
days. 
(B) The parties' course of dealing controls, and the 
buyer is entitled to take a 5% discount if he pays 
within 15 days. 
(C) The seller's retraction of his prior waiver 
controls, and the buyer is entitled to no discount. 
(D) The written contract controls, and the buyer is 
entitled to no discount because of the parol 
evidence rule. 
Question 63 - Torts 
A bus passenger was seated next to a woman whom 
he did not know. The woman stood to exit the bus, 
leaving a package on the seat. The passenger lightly 
tapped the woman on the back to get her attention 
and to inform her that she had forgotten the package. 
Because the woman had recently had back surgery, 
the tap was painful and caused her to twist and 
seriously injure her back. 
If the woman sues the passenger to recover for the 
back injury, will she prevail? 
(A) No, because she is presumed to have consented 
to the ordinary contacts of daily life. 
(B) No, because she was not put in apprehension 
because of the touching. 
(C) Yes, because the passenger intentionally touched 
her. 
(D) Yes, because the passenger's intentional touching 
seriously injured her. 
Question 64 - Constitutional Law 
The president issued an executive order in an effort to 
encourage citizens to use the metric (Celsius) system 
of temperatures. Section I of the executive order 
requires the United States Weather Bureau, a federal 
executive agency, to state temperatures only in 
Celsius in all weather reports. Section 2 of the 
executive order requires all privately owned federally 
licensed radio and television stations giving weather 
reports to report temperatures only in Celsius. No 
federal statute is applicable. 
Is the president's executive order constitutional? 
(A) Section 1 is constitutional, but Section 2 is not. 
(B) Section 2 is constitutional, but Section 1 is not. 
(C) Sections 1 and 2 are constitutional. 
(D) Sections I and 2 are unconstitutional. 
Question 65 - Evidence 
• 
In a civil action for misrepresentation in the sale of 
real estate, the parties contested whether the 
defendant was licensed by the State Board of 
Realtors, a public agency established by statute to 
license real estate brokers. The defendant testified 
she was licensed. On rebuttal, the plaintiff offers a 
certification, bearing the seal of the secretary of the 
State Board of Realtors. The certification states that 
the secretary conducted a thorough search of the 
agency's records and all relevant databases, and that 
this search uncovered no record of a license ever 
having been issued to the defendant, The certification 
is signed by the secretary. 
Is the certification that there was no record of a 
license issuance admissible? 
(A) No, because it is hearsay not within any 
exception. 
(B) No, because the writing was not properly 
authenticated. 
(C) Yes, for the limited purpose of impeaching the 
defendant. 
(D) Yes, to prove the nonexistence of a public 
record. 
Question 66 - Real Property 
A seller entered into a written contract to sell a tract 
of land to an investor. The contract made no mention 
of the quality of title to be conveyed. Thereafter, the 
seller and the investor completed the sale, and the 
seller delivered a warranty deed to the investor. Soon 
thereafter, 
the 
value of the land 
increased 
dramatically. The investor entered into a written 
contract to sell the land to a buyer. The contract 
between the investor and the buyer expressly 
provided that the investor would convey a marketable 
title. The buyer's attorney discovered that the title to 
the land was not marketable, and had not been 
marketable when the original seller conveyed to the 
investor. The buyer refused to complete the sale. The 
investor sued the original seller on multiple counts. 
One count was for breach of the contract between the 
seller and the investor for damages resulting from the 
seller's failure to convey to the investor marketable 
title, resulting in the loss of the sale of the land to the 
subsequent buyer. 
Who is likely to prevail on this count? 
(A) The investor, because the law implies in the 
contract a covenant that the title would be 
marketable. 
(B) The investor, because the original seller is liable 
for all reasonably foreseeable damages. 
(C) The original seller, because her contract 
• 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE2 
EFTA00811457
--- PAGE 20 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
obligations as to title merged into the deed. 
(D) The original seller, because she did not expressly 
agree to convey marketable title. 
Question 67 - Torts 
A consumer became physically ill after drinking part 
of a bottle of soda that contained a large decomposed 
snail. The consumer sued the store from which she 
bought the soda to recover damages for her injuries. 
The parties agreed that the snail was put into the 
bottle during the bottling process, over which the 
store had no control. The parties also agreed that the 
snail would have been visible in the bottle before the 
consumer opened it. 
Will the consumer prevail in her action against the 
store? 
(A) No, because the consumer could have seen the 
snail in the bottle. 
(B) No, because the store was not responsible for the 
bottling process. 
(C) Yes, because the consumer was injured by a 
defective product sold to her by the store. 
(D) Yes, because the store had exclusive control over 
the bottle before selling it to the consumer. 
Question 68 - Evidence 
A defendant is on trial for attempted fraud. The state 
charges that the defendant switched a price tag from a 
cloth coat to a more expensive fur-trimmed coat and 
then presented the latter for purchase at the cash 
register. The defendant testified in her own behalf 
that the tag must have been switched by someone 
else. On cross-examination, the prosecutor asks 
whether the defendant was convicted on two prior 
occasions of misdemeanor fraud in the defrauding of 
a retailer by the same means of switching the price 
tag on a fur-trimmed coat. 
Is the question about the convictions for the earlier 
crimes proper? 
(A) It is not proper either to impeach the defendant 
or to prove that the defendant committed the 
crime. 
(B) It is proper both to prove that the defendant 
committed the crime and to impeach the 
defendant. 
(C) It is proper to impeach the defendant, but not to 
prove that the defendant committed the crime. 
(D) It is proper to prove the defendant committed the 
crime, but not to impeach the defendant. 
Question 69- Criminal Law and Procedure 
MBE REI.F:•%SED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
• 
In a criminal trial, the evidence showed that the 
defendant's neighbor tried to kill the defendant by 
stabbing him. The defendant ran to his room, picked 
up a gun, and told his neighbor to back off. The 
neighbor did not, but continued her attack and 
stabbed him in the arm. The defendant then shot the 
neighbor twice. The neighbor fell to the floor and lay 
quietly moaning. After a few seconds, the defendant 
fired a third shot into the neighbor. The jury found 
that the neighbor died instantly from the third shot 
and that the defendant was no longer in fear of being 
attacked by her. 
The defendant could properly be convicted of which 
of the following degrees of criminal homicide, if 
any? 
(A) Attempted murder only. 
(B) Manslaughter only. 
(C) Murder or manslaughter. 
(D) No degree of criminal homicide. 
Question 70 - Real Property 
When a homeowner became ill, he properly executed 
a deed sufficient to convey his home to his nephew, 
who was then serving overseas in the military. Two 
persons signed as witnesses to qualify the deed for 
recordation under 
an applicable statute. The 
homeowner handed the deed to his nephew's friend 
and said, "I want [the nephew] to have my home. 
Please take this deed for him." Shortly thereafter, the 
nephew's friend learned that the homeowner's death 
was imminent. One day before the homeowner's 
death, the nephew's friend recorded the deed. The 
nephew returned home shortly after the homeowner's 
death. The nephew's friend brought him up to date, 
and he took possession of the home. The homeowner 
died intestate, leaving a daughter as his sole heir. She 
asserted ownership of his home. The nephew brought 
an appropriate action against her to determine title to 
the home. The law of the jurisdiction requires only 
two witnesses for a will to be properly executed. 
If the court rules for the nephew and against the 
daughter, what is the most likely explanation? 
(A) The deed was delivered when the homeowner 
handed it to the nephew's friend. 
(8) The delivery of the deed was accomplished by 
the recording of the deed. 
(C) The homeowner's death consummated a valid 
gift causa mortis to the nephew. 
(D) The homeowner's properly executed deed was 
effective as a testamentary document. 
Question 71 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811458
--- PAGE 21 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
A woman drove her car through the drive-through 
lane of a fast-food restaurant in the afternoon. When 
she reached the microphone used to place orders, she 
said, "There's a man across the street with a rifle. He 
can see everything you do. If you do not do exactly 
what I tell you, he will shoot you. Put all the money 
from the register into a sack and give it to me when I 
drive up." The clerk did not see anyone across the 
street and was unsure whether anyone was there. 
However, unwilling to risk harm to himself, he put 
$500 in a paper bag and handed it to the woman 
when she drove up to the delivery window. The 
woman drove off with the money but was arrested a 
short time later. She had lied about the man with a 
rifle and had acted alone. 
Of what crime or crimes can the woman be 
convicted? 
(A) Embezzlement. 
(B) Obtaining property by false pretenses. 
(C) Robbery and larceny. 
(O) Robbery or larceny. 
Question 72 - Tons 
A four-year-old child sustained serious injuries when 
a playmate pushed him from between two parked 
cars into the street, where he was struck by a car. The 
child, by his representative, sued the driver of the car, 
the playmate's parents, and his own parents. At trial, 
the child's total injuries were determined to be 
$100,000. The playmate's parents were determined to 
be 20% at fault because they had failed to adequately 
supervise her. The driver was found to be 50% at 
fault. The child's own parents were determined to be 
30% at fault for failure to adequately supervise him. 
The court has adopted the pure comparative 
negligence doctrine, with joint and several liability, 
in place of the common-law rules relating to 
plaintiff's fault. In addition, the common-law 
doctrines relating to intra-family liability have been 
abrogated. 
How much, if anything, is the child's representative 
entitled to recover from the driver? 
(A) $30,000 
(B) $50,000 
(C) $100,000 
(D) Nothing 
Question 73 - Constitutional Law 
The childhood home of a former U.S. president is 
part of a national park located in a city. The National 
Park Service entered into a contract with an 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
• 
independent antique collector to acquire items owned 
by residents of the city during the president's lifetime. 
According to the contract, the collector purchases 
items and then sells them to the Park Service at a 
price equal to the collector's cost plus a 10% 
commission. Purchases by antique collectors are 
ordinarily subject to the sales tax of the state in which 
the city is located. The collector files suit in state 
court to enjoin collection of the tax on these 
purchases, 
claiming 
that 
the 
sales 
tax 
is 
unconstitutional as applied to them. 
Should the state court issue the injunction? 
(A) No, because as the purchaser of these antiques, 
the collector rather than the federal government 
is liable for the tax. 
(B) No, because the suit is within the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the federal courts. 
(C) Yes, 
because 
the 
federal 
government 
is 
contractually obligated to pay the amount of the 
sales tax when it covers the collector's cost of 
these antiques. 
(D) Yes, because under the supremacy clause, the 
federal program to acquire these antiques 
preempts the state sales tax on the purchase of 
these items. 
Question 74 - Evidence 
The defendant, a young doctor, is charged with 
falsely claiming deductions on her federal income tax 
return. At trial, a witness testified for the defendant 
that she has a reputation in the community for 
complete honesty. After a sidebar conference at 
which the prosecutor gave the judge a record 
showing that the defendant's medical school had 
disciplined her for altering her transcript, the 
prosecutor proposes to ask the witness on cross-
examination: "Have you ever heard that the defendant 
falsified her medical school transcript?" 
Is the prosecutor's question proper? 
(A) No, because it calls for hearsay not within any 
exception. 
(B) No, because its minimal relevance on the issue of 
income tax fraud is substantially outweighed by 
the danger of unfair prejudice. 
(C) Yes, because an affirmative answer will be 
probative of the defendant's bad character for 
honesty and, therefore, her guilt. 
(D) Yes, because an affirmative answer will impeach 
the witness's credibility. 
Question 75 - Torts 
MBE RELEASED QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811459
--- PAGE 22 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
A homeowner owned a large poisonous snake which 
had been defanged and was kept in a cage. A storm 
damaged the homeowner's house and the snake's 
cage, allowing it to escape. During the cleanup after 
the storm, a volunteer worker came across the snake. 
The worker tried to run away from the snake and fell, 
breaking his arm. 
In a suit by the worker against the homeowner based 
on strict liability in tort to recover for his injury, will 
the worker prevail? 
(A) No, because the snake's escape was caused by a 
force of nature. 
(B) No, because the worker should have anticipated 
an injury during his volunteer work. 
(C) Yes, because the homeowner did not take 
adequate precautions to secure the snake. 
(D) Yes, because the worker's injury was the result 
of his fear of the escaped snake. 
Question 76 - Real Property 
A buyer validly contracted in writing to buy land 
from a seller. The contract had no contingencies and 
was silent as to risk of loss if there were damage to, 
or destruction of, property improvements between 
contract and closing, and as to any duty to carry 
insurance. As soon as the parties signed the contract, 
the seller (who had already moved out) canceled her 
insurance covering the land. The buyer did not know 
this and did not obtain insurance. A few days later, 
three weeks before the agreed closing date, the 
building on the land was struck by lightning and 
burned to the ground. There is no applicable statute. 
In an appropriate action, the buyer asserted the right 
to cancel the contract and to recover his earnest 
money. The seller said the risk of fire loss passed to 
the buyer before the fire, so the buyer must perform. 
If the seller prevails, what is the most likely 
explanation? 
(A) Once the parties signed the contract, only the 
buyer had an insurable interest and so could have 
protected against this loss. 
(3) The buyer's constructive possession arising from 
the contract gave him the affirmative duty of 
protecting against loss by fire. 
(C) The seller's cancellation of her casualty 
insurance practically construed the contract to 
transfer the risk of loss to the buyer. 
(Di Upon execution of the contract, the buyer 
became the equitable owner of the land under the 
doctrine of equitable conversion. 
Question 77 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A customer asked to see an expensive watch in a 
jewelry store. In conversation with the clerk, the 
customer falsely claimed to be the son of the mayor. 
When handed the watch, he asked if he could put it 
on, walk around a bit so he could see how it felt on 
his wrist, and then briefly step outside to observe it in 
natural light. The clerk agreed, saying, "I know I can 
trust someone like you with the merchandise." The 
customer walked out of the store wearing the watch 
and never returned. A week later, the clerk was at a 
gathering when she spotted the customer wearing the 
watch. She told him that he must either pay for the 
watch or give it back. He hissed, "I'll knock your 
block off if you mess with me." Intimidated, the clerk 
backed off. The following list of crimes is in 
descending order of seriousness. 
What is the most serious crime the customer 
committed? 
(A) Robbery. 
(B) Larceny. 
(C) False pretenses. 
(D) Embezzlement. 
Question 78 - Evidence 
In a civil action for breach of an oral contract, the 
defendant admits that there had been discussions, but 
denies that he ever entered into an agreement with the 
plaintiff. 
Which of the following standards of admissibility 
should be applied by the court to evidence proffered 
as relevant to prove whether a contract was formed? 
(A) Whether a reasonable juror would find the 
evidence determinative of whether the contract 
was or was not formed. 
(B) Whether the evidence has any tendency to make 
the fact of contract formation more or less 
probable than without the evidence. 
(C) Whether the evidence is sufficient to prove, 
absent contrary evidence, that the contract was or 
was not formed. 
(D) Whether the evidence makes it more likely than 
not that a contract was or was not formed. 
Question 79 - Contracts 
A mother, whose adult son was a law school 
graduate, contracted with a tutor to give the son a bar 
exam preparation course. "If my son passes the bar 
exam," the mother explained to the tutor, "he has 
been promised a job with a law firm that will pay 
$55,000 a year." The tutor agreed to do the work for 
$5,000, although the going rate was $6,000. Before 
m BE RI% I %INF I) QUESTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811460
--- PAGE 23 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
the instruction was to begin, the tutor repudiated the 
contract. Although the mother or the son reasonably 
could have employed, for $6,000, an equally 
qualified instructor to replace the tutor, neither did 
so. The son £ailed the bar exam and the law firm 
refused to employ him. It can be shown that had the 
son received the instruction, he would have passed 
the bar exam. 
If the mother and the son join as parties plaintiff and 
sue the tutor for breach of contract, how much, if 
anything, are they entitled to recover? 
(A) $1,000, because all other damages could have 
been avoided by employing another equally 
qualified instructor. 
(B) $55,000, because damages of that amount were 
within the contemplation of the parties at the 
time they contracted. 
(C) Nominal damages only, because the mother was 
not injured by the breach and the tutor made no 
promise to the son. 
(D) Nothing, because neither the mother nor the son 
took steps to avoid the consequences of the 
tutor's breach. 
Question 80 - Constitutional Law 
A federal statute required the National Bureau of 
Standards to establish minimum quality standards for 
all beer sold in the United States. The statute also 
provided that public proceedings must precede 
adoption of the standards, and that once they were 
adopted, the standards would be subject to judicial 
review. No standards have yet been adopted. Several 
officials of the National Bureau of Standards have 
indicated their personal preference for beer produced 
by a special brewing process commonly referred to as 
pasteurization. However, these officials have not 
indicated 
whether 
they 
intend to include 
a 
requirement for pasteurization in the minimum beer 
quality standards to be adopted by the Bureau. A 
brewery that produces an unpasteurized beer believes 
that its brewing process is as safe as pasteurization. 
The brewery is concerned that, after the appropriate 
proceedings, the Bureau may adopt quality standards 
that will prohibit the sale of any unpasteurized beer. 
As a result, the brewery sued in federal district court 
to enjoin the Bureau from adopting any standards that 
would prohibit the sale of unpasteurized beer in this 
country. 
How should the district court dispose of the suit? 
(A) Determine whether the Bureau could reasonably 
believe that pasteurization is the safest process 
by which to brew beer, and if the Bureau could 
reasonably believe that, refuse to issue the 
injunction against the Bureau. 
(B) Determine whether the process used by the 
brewery is as safe as pasteurization and, if it is, 
issue the injunction against the Bureau. 
(C) Refuse to adjudicate the merits of the suit at this 
time and stay the action until the Bureau has 
actually issued beer quality standards. 
(D) Refuse to adjudicate the merits of the suit, 
because it does not involve a justiciable case or 
controversy. 
Question 81 - Contracts 
A landowner entered into a single contract with a 
builder to have three different structures built on 
separate pieces of property owned by the landowner. 
Each structure was distinct from the other two and 
the parties agreed on a specific price for each. After 
completing the first structure in accordance with the 
terms of the contract, the builder demanded payment 
of the specified price for that structure. At the same 
time, the builder told the landowner that the builder 
was "tired of the construction business" and would 
not even begin the other two structures. The 
landowner refused to pay anything to the builder. 
Is the builder likely to prevail in a suit for the agreed 
price of the first structure? 
(A) No, because substantial performance is a 
constructive condition to the landowner's duty to 
pay at the contract rate. 
(B) No, 
because 
the 
builder's 
cessation 
of 
performance without legal excuse is a willful 
breach of the contract. 
(C) Yes, because the contract is divisible, and the 
landowner will be required to bring a separate 
claim for the builder's failure to complete the 
other two structures. 
(D) Yes, because the contract is divisible, but the 
landowner will be able to deduct any recoverable 
damages caused by the builder's failure to 
complete the contract. 
Question 82 - Real Property 
An uncle was the record title holder of a vacant tract 
of land. He often told friends that he would leave the 
land to his nephew in his will. The nephew knew of 
these conversations. Prior to the uncle's death, the 
nephew conveyed the land by warranty deed to a 
woman for $10,000. She did not conduct a title 
search of the land before she accepted the deed from 
the nephew. She promptly and properly recorded her 
deed. Last month, the uncle died, leaving the land to 
the nephew in his duly probated will. Both the 
"nr , n n, vAcvn 
IFSTIONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE2 
EFTA00811461
--- PAGE 24 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
• 
nephew and the woman now claim ownership of the 
land. The nephew has offered to return the $10,000 to 
the woman. 
Who has title to the land? 
(A) The nephew, because at the time of the deed to 
the woman, the uncle was the owner of record. 
(B) The nephew, because the woman did not conduct 
a title search. 
(C) The woman, because of the doctrine of estoppel 
by deed. 
(D) The woman, because she recorded her deed prior 
to the uncle's death. 
Question 83 - Torts 
A customer fell and injured himself when he slipped 
on a banana peel while shopping at a grocers store. 
The banana peel was fresh and clean except for a 
mark made by the heel of the customer's shoe. In an 
action brought by the customer against the grocer, 
these are the only facts in evidence. 
Should the trial judge permit the case to go to the 
jury? 
(A) No, because the customer had an obligation to 
watch where he stepped. 
(B) No, because there is not a reasonable basis for 
inferring that the grocer knew or should have 
known of the banana peel. 
(C) Yes, because it is more likely than not that the 
peel came from a banana offered for sale by the 
grocer. 
(0) Yes, because the grocer could foresee that a 
customer might slip on a banana peel. 
Question 84 - Constitutional Law 
The United States Congress enacted a federal statute 
providing that any state may "require labeling to 
show the state or other geographic origin of citrus. 
fruit that is imported into the receiving state." 
Pursuant to the federal statute, a state that produced 
large quantities of citrus fruit enacted a law requiring 
all citrus fruit imported into the state to be stamped 
with a two-letter postal abbreviation signifying the 
state of the fruit's origin. The law did not impose any 
such requirement for citrus fruit grown within the 
slate. When it adopted the law, the state legislature 
declared that its purpose was to reduce the risks of 
infection of local citrus crops by itinerant diseases 
that have been found to attack citrus fruit. A national 
association of citrus growers sued to have the state 
law declared unconstitutional. The association claims 
that the law is prohibited by the negative implications 
MBE RELEAsEu QuesrioNS 
of the commerce clause of the Constitution. 
 • 
Which of the following is the best argument in favor 
of the state's effort to have this lawsuit dismissed? 
(A) Any burden on interstate commerce imposed by 
the state law is outweighed by a legitimate state 
interest. 
(B) Congress has the authority to authorize specified 
state regulations that would otherwise be 
prohibited by the negative implications of the 
commerce clause, and it has done so in this 
situation. 
(C) The state law does not discriminate against out-
of-state citrus growers or producers. 
(D) The state law furthers a legitimate state interest, 
the burden it imposes on interstate commerce is 
only incidental, and the state's interest cannot be 
satisfied by other means that are less burdensome 
to interstate commerce. 
Question 85 - Contracts 
In financial straits and needing $4,000 immediately, a 
nephew orally asked his uncle for a $4,000 loan. The 
uncle replied that he would lend the money to the 
nephew only if the nephew's mother "guaranteed" the 
loan. At the nephew's suggestion, the uncle then 
telephoned the nephew's mother, told her about the 
loan, and asked if she would "guarantee" it. She 
replied, "Surely. Lend my son the $4,000 and I'll 
repay it if he doesn't." The uncle then lent $4,000 to 
the nephew, an amount the nephew orally agreed to 
repay in six weeks. The next day, the nephew's 
mother wrote to him and concluded her letter with the 
words, "Son, I was happy to do you a favor by 
promising your uncle I would repay your six-week 
$4,000 loan if you don't. is/ Mother." Neither the 
nephew nor his mother repaid the loan when it came 
due and the uncle sued the mother for breach of 
contract. In that action, the mother raised the statute 
of frauds as her only defense. 
Will the mothers statute-of-frauds defense be 
successful? 
(A) No, because the amount of the loan was less than 
$5,000. 
(B) No, because the mother's letter satisfies the 
statute-of-frauds requirement. 
(C) Yes, because the mothers promise to the uncle 
was oral. 
. 
(D) Yes, because the nephew's promise to the uncle 
was oral. 
Question 86 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811462
--- PAGE 25 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
111, 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
After a liquor store was robbed, the police received 
an anonymous telephone call naming a store 
employee as the perpetrator of the robbery. Honestly 
believing that their actions were permitted by the 
U.S. Constitution, the police talked one of the 
employee's neighbors into going to the employee's 
home with a hidden tape recorder to engage him in a 
conversation 
about 
the 
crime. 
During 
the 
conversation, the employee admitted committing the 
robbery. The employee was charged in state court 
with the robbery. He moved to suppress the recording 
on the grounds that the method of obtaining it 
violated his constitutional rights under both the state 
and federal constitutions. Assume that a clear 
precedent from the state supreme court holds that the 
conduct of the police in making the recording 
violated the employee's rights under the state 
constitution, and that the exclusionary rule is the 
proper remedy for this violation. 
Should the court grant the employee's motion? 
(A) No, because the employee's federal constitutional 
rights were not violated, and this circumstance 
overrides any state constitutional provisions. 
(B) No, because the police were acting in the good-
faith belief that their actions were permitted by 
the federal Constitution. 
(C) Yes, because the making of the recording 
violated the state constitution. 
(D) Yes, because use of the recording would violate 
the neighbor's federal constitutional rights. 
Question 87 - Evidence 
At a civil trial for slander, the plaintiff showed that 
the defendant had called the plaintiff a thief. In 
defense, the defendant called a witness to testify, "I 
have been the plaintiffs neighbor for many years, and 
people in our community generally have said that he 
is a thief." 
Is the testimony concerning the plaintiff's reputation 
in the community admissible? 
(A) No, because character is an essential element of 
the defense, and proof must be made by specific 
instances of conduct. 
(B) Yes, to prove that the plaintiff is a thief, and to 
reduce or refute the damages claimed, 
(C) Yes, to prove that the plaintiff is a thief, but not 
on the issue of damages. 
(D) Yes, to reduce or refute the damages claimed, 
but not to prove that the plaintiff is a thief. 
Question 88 - Torts 
• 
A law student rented a furnished apartment. His 
landlord began to solicit his advice about her legal 
affairs, but he refused to provide it. The landlord then 
demanded that he vacate the apartment immediately. 
The landlord also engaged in a pattern of harassment, 
calling the student at home every evening and 
entering his apartment without his consent during 
times when he was at school. During these 
unauthorized visits she removed the handles from the 
bathroom and kitchen sinks, but did not touch 
anything belonging to the student. The lease has a 
year to run, and the student is still living in the 
apartment. The student has sued the landlord for 
trespass to land. 
Is he likely to prevail? 
(A) No, because he has no standing to sue for 
trespass. 
(B) No, because the landlord caused no damage to 
his property. 
(C) Yes, for compensatory damages only. 
(D) Yes, 
for 
injunctive 
relief, 
compensatory 
damages, and punitive damages. 
Question 89 - Contracts 
On May I, an uncle mailed a letter to his adult 
nephew that stated: "I am thinking of selling my 
pickup truck, which you have seen and ridden in. I 
would consider taking $7,000 for it." On May 3, the 
nephew mailed the following response: "I will buy 
your pickup for $7,000 cash." The uncle received this 
letter on May 5 and on May 6 mailed a note that 
stated: "It's a deal." On May 7, before the nephew 
had received the letter of May 6, he phoned his uncle 
to report that he no longer wanted to buy the pickup 
truck 
because his driver's license had been 
suspended. 
Which of the following statements concerning this 
exchange is accurate? 
(A) There is a contract as of May 3. 
(B) There is a contract as of May 5. 
(C) There is a contract as of May 6. 
(D) There is no contract. 
Question 90- Real Property 
A buyer and a seller entered into a written contract 
for the sale of an identified parcel of land. The 
contract expressly provided that the buyer was to pay 
$150,000 cash for the land at the time of the closing 
but did not state the closing date. The parties had not 
agreed on the closing date because the buyer was not 
sure at the time the contract was signed how she 
• 
- 
gm. ocelinNS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811463
--- PAGE 26 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
would raise the cash. 
Fifteen days after the contract was signed, the seller 
learned that he could sell the land to a third party for 
$200,000. 
The seller asked the buyer if she would agree to 
rescind the contract. The buyer refused. The seller 
then told her that he would not complete the 
transaction, contending that the contract was 
unenforceable under the statute of frauds because an 
essential element (time for performance) was not 
agreed upon by the parties and was not expressly 
stated in the written agreement. The seller sold the 
land to the third party. 
The buyer brought an appropriate action against the 
seller for breach of contract. For which party is the 
court likely to find? 
(A) The buyer, because of the doctrine of unjust 
enrichment. 
(B) The buyer, because the court will infer that 
performance within a reasonable time was 
intended. 
(C) The seller, because the contract is unenforceable 
under the statute of frauds. 
(D) The seller, because time of performance is 
presumed to be of the essence. 
Question 91 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
Four men are charged with conspiracy to commit a 
series of bank robberies. Nine successful bank 
robberies took place during the period of the charged 
conspiracy. Because the robbers wore masks and 
gloves and stole the bank surveillance tapes, no direct 
identification of the robbers by the witnesses has 
been made. Some circumstantial evidence ties each 
of the men to the overall conspiracy. During cross-
examination, a prosecution witness testified that one 
defendant was in jail on other charges during six of 
the robberies. That defendant's lawyer has moved for 
a judgment of acquittal at the close of the 
government's case. 
Should the motion be granted? 
(A) No, because a conspirator is not required to agree 
to all of the objects of the conspiracy. 
(B) No, because a conspirator need not be present at 
the commission of each crime conspired upon. 
(C) Yes, provided the defendant has complied with 
the rule requiring pretrial notice of alibi. 
(D) Yes, regardless of compliance with the alibi rule, 
because the government is bound by exculpatory 
evidence elicited during its case-in-chief. 
Question 92 - Contracts 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
• 
A seller and a buyer entered into a contract obligating 
the seller to convey title to a parcel of land to the 
buyer in exchange for $100,000. The agreement 
provided that the buyer's obligation to purchase the 
parcel was expressly conditioned upon the buyer's 
obtaining a loan at an interest rate no higher than 
10%. The buyer was unable to do so but did obtain a 
loan at an interest rate of 10.5% and timely tendered 
the purchase price. Because the value of the land had 
increased since the time of contracting, the seller 
refused to perform. The buyer sued the seller. 
Is the buyer likely to prevail? 
(A) No, because an express condition will be 
excused only to avoid forfeiture. 
(B) No, because the contract called for a loan at an 
interest rate not to exceed 10% and it could not 
be modified without the consent of the seller. 
(C) Yes, because the buyer detrimentally changed 
position in reliance on the seller's promise to 
convey. 
(D) Yes, because the buyer's obtaining a loan at an 
interest rate no higher than 10% was not a 
condition to the seller's duty to perform. 
Question 93 - Torts 
A bright 12-year-old child attended a day-care center 
after school. The day care center was located near a 
man-made duck pond on the property of a 
corporation. During the winter, the pond was used for 
ice-skating when conditions were suitable. At a time 
when the pond was obviously only partially frozen, 
the child sneaked away from the center's property and 
walked out onto the ice over the pond. The ice gave 
way, and the child fell into the cold water. He 
suffered shock and would have drowned had he not 
been rescued by a passerby. At the time of the 
incident, the pond was clearly marked with signs that 
stated, 'THIN ICE - KEEP OFF." When the child 
sneaked away from the day-care center, the center 
was staffed with a reasonable number of qualified 
personnel, and the employees were exercising 
reasonable care to ensure that the children in their 
charge did not leave the premises. There had not been 
a previous instance of a child coming onto the 
corporation's property from the day-care center. The 
jurisdiction follows a rule of pure comparative 
negligence. 
In a suit brought on the child's behalf against the 
corporation and based only on the facts above, who is 
likely to prevail? 
MBE BEI. EASED QUES11ONS 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811464
--- PAGE 27 ---
AMERI BAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
(A) The child, because the corporation owes a duty 
to keep 
its premises free of dangerous 
conditions. 
(B) The child, because the pond was an attractive 
nuisance. 
(C) The corporation, because the danger of thin ice 
may reasonably be expected to be understood by 
a 12-year-old child. 
(D) The corporation, because the day-care center had 
a duty to keep the child off the ice. 
Question 94 - Torts 
[NOTE: These facts are repeated from question 93.1 
A bright 12-year-old child attended a day-care center 
after school. The day care center's property was 
located near a man-made duck pond on the property 
of a corporation. During the winter, the pond was 
used for ice-skating when conditions were suitable. 
At a time when the pond was obviously only partially 
frozen, the child sneaked away from the center and 
walked out onto the ice over the pond. The ice gave 
way, and the child fell into the cold water. He 
suffered shock and would have drowned had he not 
been rescued by a passerby. At the time of the 
incident, the pond was clearly marked with signs that 
stated, "THIN ICE - KEEP OFF." When the child 
sneaked away from the day-care center, the center 
was staffed with a reasonable number of qualified 
personnel, and the employees were exercising 
reasonable care to ensure that the children in their 
charge did not leave the premises. There had not been 
a previous instance of a child coming onto the 
corporation's property from the day-care center. The 
jurisdiction follows a rule of pure comparative 
negligence. 
In a suit brought on the child's behalf against the day 
care center, who is likely to prevail? 
(A) The child, because he left the center while he 
was under the center's care. 
(B) The child, because the day care center is located 
near a pond. 
(C) The day care center, because it was not 
negligent. 
(D) The day care center, because the child was a 
trespasser. 
Question 95 - Constitutional Law 
A man intensely disliked his neighbors, who were of 
a different race. One night, intending to frighten his 
neighbors, he spray-painted their house with racial 
epithets and threats that they would be lynched. The 
man was arrested and prosecuted under a state law 
providing that "any person who threatens violence 
against another person with the intent to cause that 
person to fear for his or her life or safety may be 
imprisoned for up to five years." In defense, the man 
claimed that he did not intend to lynch his neighbors, 
but only to scare them so that they would move away. 
Can the man constitutionally be convicted under this 
law? 
(A) No, because he was only communicating his 
views and had not commenced any overt action 
against the neighbors. 
(B) Yes, because he was engaged in trespass when 
he painted the words on his neighbors house. 
(C) Yes, because his communication was a threat by 
which he intended to intimidate his neighbors. 
(D) Yes, because his communication was racially 
motivated and thus violated the protections of 
the Thirteenth Amendment. 
Question 96 - Criminal Law and Procedure 
A defendant was charged with assault and battery in a 
jurisdiction that followed the "retreat" doctrine, and 
he pleaded self-defense. At his trial, the evidence 
established the following: A man and his wife were 
enjoying a drink at a tavern when the defendant 
entered and stood near the door. The wife whispered 
to her husband that the defendant was the man who 
had insulted her on the street the day before. The 
husband approached the defendant and said, "Get out 
of here, or I'll break your nose." The defendant said, 
"Don't come any closer, or I'll hurt you." When the 
husband raised his fists menacingly, the defendant 
pulled a can of pepper spray from his pocket, aimed it 
at the husband's face, and sprayed. The husband fell 
to the floor, writhing in pain. 
Should the defendant be convicted? 
(A) No, because he had no obligation to retreat 
before resorting to non-deadly force. 
(B) No, because there is no obligation to retreat 
when one is in an occupied structure. 
(C) Yes, because he failed to retreat even though 
there was an opportunity available. 
(D) Yes, because the husband did not threaten to use 
deadly force against him. 
Question 97 - Contracts 
An innkeeper, who had no previous experience in the 
motel or commercial laundry business and who knew 
nothing about the trade usages of either business, 
bought a motel and signed an agreement with a 
laundry company for the motel's laundry services. 
The one-year agreement provided for "daily service 
• 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811465
--- PAGE 28 ---
AMERIBAR BAR REVIEW 
MBE MIXED PFtACTICE 2 
• 
at $500 a week." From their conversations during 
negotiation, the laundry company knew that the 
innkeeper expected laundry services seven days a 
week. When the laundry company refused to pick up 
the motel's laundry on two successive Sundays and 
indicated that it would not ever do so, the innkeeper 
canceled the agreement. The laundry company sued 
the innkeeper for breach of contract. At trial, clear 
evidence was introduced to show that in the 
commercial laundry business "daily service" did not 
include service on Sundays. 
Will the laundry company succeed in its action? 
(A) No, because the laundry company knew the 
meaning the innkeeper attached to "daily 
service," and, therefore, the innkeeper's meaning 
will control. 
(B) No, because the parties attached materially 
different meanings to "daily service: and, 
therefore, no contract was formed. 
(C) Yes, because the parol evidence rule will not 
permit the innkeeper to prove the meaning she 
attached to "daily service." 
(D) Yes, because the trade usage will control the 
interpretation of "daily service." 
Question 98 - Real Property 
A landowner orally gave his neighbor permission to 
share the use of the private road on the landowner's 
land so that the neighbor could have more convenient 
access to the neighbor's land. Only the landowner 
maintained the road. After the neighbor had used the 
road on a daily basis for three years, the landowner 
conveyed his land to a grantee, who immediately 
notified the neighbor that the neighbor was not to use 
the road. The neighbor sued the grantee seeking a 
declaration that the neighbor had a right to continue 
to use the road. 
Who is likely to prevail? 
(A) The grantee, because an oral license is invalid. 
(B) The grantee, because the neighbor had a license 
that the grantee could terminate at any time. 
(C) The neighbor, because the grantee is estopped to 
terminate the neighbor's use of the road. 
(D) The neighbor, because the neighbor's use of the 
road was open and notorious when the grantee 
purchased the land. 
Question 99 - Contracts 
A carpenter contracted with a homeowner to remodel 
the homeowner's home for $10,000, to be paid on 
completion of the work. On May 29, relying on his 
AlliE Rt:l,£ASED QUESTIONS 
expectation that he would finish the work and have 
the homeowner's payment on June I, the carpenter 
contracted to buy a car for "$10,000 in cash, if 
payment is made on June I; if payment is made 
thereafter, the price is $12,000." The carpenter 
completed the work according to specifications on 
June I and demanded payment from the homeowner 
on that date. The homeowner, without any excuse, 
refused to pay. Thereupon, the carpenter became very 
excited, suffered a minor heart attack, and, as a result, 
incurred medical expenses of 81,000. The reasonable 
value of the carpenter's services in remodeling the 
homeowner's home was $13,000. 
In an action by the carpenter against the homeowner, 
which of the following should be the carpenter's 
measure of recovery? 
(A) $10,000, the contract price. 
(B) $11,000, the contract price plus $1,000 for the 
medical 
expenses 
incurred 
because 
the 
homeowner refused to pay. 
(C) $12,000, the contract price plus $2,000, the 
bargain that was lost because the carpenter could 
not pay cash for the car on June I. 
(13) $13,000, the amount the homeowner was 
enriched by the carpenter's services. 
Question 100 - Evidence 
A plaintiff sued her employer, alleging that poor 
working conditions had caused her to develop a 
stomach ulcer. At trial, the plaintiff's medical expert 
testified to the cause of the plaintiffs ulcer and stated 
that his opinion was based in part on information in a 
letter the plaintiff's personal physician had written to 
the plaintiffs employer, explaining why the plaintiff 
had missed work. 
When offered to prove the cause of the plaintiffs 
condition, is the letter from the plaintiffs doctor 
admissible? 
(A) No, because it is hearsay not within any 
exception. 
(B) No, because the plaintiffs physician is not shown 
to be unavailable. 
(C) Yes, because it was relied upon by the plaintiff's 
medical expert. 
(D) Yes, under the business records exception to the 
hearsay rule. 
MBE MIXED PRACTICE 2 
EFTA00811466

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811467.pdf
----------------------------------------
116 King Street. Frederiksted. Vi 00840 
(340)773.6499 FAX (340)773-7701 
8000 Ni sky Shopping Center, Suite 620, St. Thomas. Vl 00802 
(340)714-1700 FAX (340)777-1103 
Economic Development Authority 
. 
August 20. 2018 
Via Electronic Mail 
Cecile de Jongh 
Manager 
Southern Trust Company, Inc 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 - 1348 
Re: COMPLIANCE REVIEW 
Dear Mrs. de Jongh, 
The Virgin Islands Economic Development Commission has commenced a compliance review 
of Southern Trust Company, Inc, for the period; January I, 2013 to December 31, 2016. 
We are therefore requesting the following documents to substantiate compliance with the 
certificate of tax incentives: 
o 2013 - 2016 Fixed Asset schedule 
o Name of employee(s) participating or participated in the management training program 
o Name of employee(s) who received tuition reimbursement, employee training, 
professional training. 
o Name of employee(s) given time off to participate in and represent the Virgin Islands at 
athletic and sporting events. 
Timely submission of the requested information will expedite the completion of the compliance 
review but does not preclude requests for additional information. Please note the requested 
information may be sent to this office under separate covers no later than August 29, 2018. 
Should you have questions or require assistance, you may contact me via e-mail or at (340) 714-
1700 ext. 240. 
Sincerely, 
iekci 
ndra Bess 
Compliance Officer 
cc: Claude S. M. Gerard — Director of Compliance - VIEDC 
EFTA00811467

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811468.pdf
----------------------------------------
Wednesday, October 10, 2018 
ELECTION 2018 
The Virgin Islands Daily News 3 
Daily News candidate interview: 
By U. RAO 
Oar News Staff 
S
T. THOMAS — Sen. Janette 
Millin Young's campaign slogan, 
"Let's Make It Happen." is a 
fitting backdrop for a candidacy 
bent on action, results and scrapping 
what it sees as a slow. mismanaged 
recovery. 
The four-term senator, who recently 
sat down with The Daily News to 
discuss her candidacy for governor, said 
of Millie problems afflicting the 
territory, the lack of proper management 
to effect change —and to do so quickly 
— is arguably the most salient. 
"In the Virgin Islands. there is no focus and 
no management: Millin Young said. "You 
need managers in place who will pay attention 
to deadlines and do the work — it is that 
simple." 
Millin Young, an independent who shares 
the fourth ballot slot with her lieutenant 
governor pick, Edgar Bengoa. said her 
learn intends to accelerate progress by 
venous MUM from reviulizing economic 
development to embracing innovation and not 
letting longienn goals fall by the wayside. 
As the daughter of former Li Gov. Henry 
Millen —and ass former public information 
officer— Millin Young believes she has a 
deep-rooted sense of public service and what it 
sakes toengender trust with the people, a trust 
which, according to her. is deeply lacking with 
the current administration. 
"In this type of reside& more than know-
how, you have to be inspirational and you have 
to lead by example: Millin Young said. "Right 
now, this community doesn't have somebody 
who leads by example. It's more like 'I can do 
what you can't do' — and that's not proper." 
Recovery 
Milian Yang showed link hesitation 
blasting the VI. Territorial Emerger.ey 
Management Agency for what the said was its 
lack of preparedness before lass yeark storms 
and in inability to communicate with the 
public in the aftermath. 
Taking particular aim at VITEMA Director 
Mona Barnes. the senator berated VITEMA's 
leadership for keeping people at arm's length 
and insisting they had things under control 
when they really didn't. 
"VITEMA kept saying 'move away. we got 
this; but they didn't have it, riot then and Mili 
not Soy— they failed test after test: Millin 
Young said. "I am very surprised that someone 
who is sitting there with a military background 
has failed us so miserably. This is a community 
calling for changes at the had of VITEMA. 
We need persons at the helm who are present 
and organized." 
As for Got Kenneth %Sapp. MMus Young 
criticized what she characterized as his 
inability to spend recovery dollars property and 
prow to the federal government theistic Virgin 
Islands can indeed be trusted with millions in 
reimbursable expenses. 
"We're wry fortunate to get 100 percent 
reimbursables for the aftermath of these 
hurricanes, but the key wad is 'reimbursable' 
and this governmem has not been able to 
spend in order to be reimbursed." she said 
"The part that (Mappl dean) get is that when 
something is reimbursable, you have to meet 
certain requirements and use funds the way 
they ate supposed to be used. I don't believe 
there is a lot of trust from the federal 
government and we have to show that we 
can spend in a proper way that. can be 
reimbursed: 
Mdhn Young said the government 
should take the initiative and use 
this opportunity of incoming funds 
to capitalize on other industries, 
from agriculture and manufacturing 
to marine and sports tourism -- all 
of which can bring much.needed 
revenue and employment to the 
territory. 
A lack of creativity. she said has 
been a major hurdle to the recovery. 
as evidenced by the pace of school 
modulus. 
"I kept trying to call the 
governor to tell him that 
there were options for our 
students to get back to 
school right away with the 
modular.," she said. "We 
had a military force, civil 
engineers who were 
sitting by the airport 
and not doing what 
they were called 
to do. All 
they needed 
was a call 
Sen. Janette Millin Young 
lion' the governor to go and Ran and fix those 
schools because that's their job. We could haw 
had our modems studying right away. 
"Sometimes it's not a sin to not be ready," 
she said. 'But it is a sin to not take advice, to 
not get to week because you don't have the 
creativity or know-how to do it" 
Indeed the senator said an approach like this 
Ica applecabk to IU3SpiLliS. top, NUM instead of 
rebuilding smaller hospitals. the intern should 
be to expand and diversify hospital services, 
luring more doctors and profits to the territory 
in the process. 
"Right now, our health care is just the bare 
minimum — what Medicaid and Medicare can 
pay — and we're not delving into the types 
of procedures that will being money:she 
said. "Many of our doctors have len. We have 
to build and incentivize to bring doctors in 
different areas of care, and especially care for 
the elderly." 
GERS 
Al Min Young's muki.prcoged strategy for 
fixing the Govenunent Employees' Retirement 
System involves paying bilk; addressing 
unfunded liabilities and restoring the ratio of 
active employee versus retiree. 
"For 27 years. almost three *cedes, we've 
had administrations who have not been paying 
what they're supposed to —so one of the 
non and first things I will do will Ito to toy: 
Mtl in Young said. "There are also unfunded 
mandates that have been in the works forever 
and its going to take more thanfiat me saying 
'alms to be done this way' I believe we need 
to bnng all concerned to the table: 
Moreover. she said government retirees 
typically at up— in the first ilea to five 
year — everything they have contnbuted and 
arc therefore maintained by active employees. 
Currently. she said the anise employee ratio 
to the ream is 1 so I• when it should be closer 
loam I. 
"We have to restore job vacancies and put 
people to work: Millin Young said. "We have 
lost a lot of government employees and yet 
we're dill paying a whole lot of money in 
alines. Something is wrong," 
Millin Young chided Mapp for ignoring 
the GERS Board and telling them to "pack a 
lunch" instead of displaying leadership and 
resolving the issues at hand. 
"Because of my very nature and background 
in conununicatiggs, you could not expect this 
of me, because ■ 
always at the table: she 
said. "I always wani to meet. I always want to 
hear someone else's perspective. I don't believe 
in the 'one-man m one-woman' show" 
Marijuana 
Mahn Young said she is supportive 
of medical marijuana but that 
allowing recreational use should 
be a gradual process 
"I've come a long way 
when it comes to my 
undemanding and how I 
feel about ii:' she said. "I 
have participated in the 
deenminahanon because 
I thought that we were 
criminahzing a lot of 
our young men for 
doing absolutely 
nothing and now 
I am a supporter 
of the medical 
tilatUU3113." 
While 
acknowkdging 
that recreational 
marijuana would 
bring in revenues. 
Millin Young said 
she is unsure whether 
• could "cure the VI. 
See MIWN YOUNG, page 4 
EFTA00811468
--- PAGE 2 ---
The Virgin Islands Daily News 
BENGOA 
COSIredoW COOm AtGE 
—anything else comes through." he aid. 
GERS 
Bova said the financial malfeasance involving the Govemmern 
Employees' Retirenunt System should be enough to get Got Kenneth Mapp 
impeached. 
"Right now, the amount of money that the goternmem has taken out from 
the employees is $150 minim — and Mapp has only returned $86 
This is the employees' money, the money they worked so lied for Bova 
said. 
There Tone simple solution —pay the bill. The government has not paid 
the GERS in full smut 1991. That 27 }van when: they have n04 paid dollar 
for dollar of what they have collected from the employee" 
Bengal said Ix hopes to smart 100 new companies within his first year 
that are in line with EconOmac Development Commission Averments and 
have a small percereage of their menu put into an account excknisely for 
GERS. 
"Loa say out of the 100 companies, 60 pesters do the requited minimum 
of having five local empSaysts and Ices say we lake a CLIMB met Ike 03 
percent of de revenue that the government is nuking off of that one company 
and send a to a GERS account Bonged said "l'ou know how many millions 
of doll... in a year that's gong to be for 100 companies'? We're along about 
S40 million to $60 million going into the GERS find: 
Bongos dismissed the plans of the other gubernatorial candidacy, insisting 
they only extend the life of GERS for a few yeas. 
What GERS needs instead is a serous infusing of cash. he said. 
Transparency 
As a former president and treasurer orthe St. CrOix Chamber of 
Commerce, Bongos said he tea always ended himself on maintains an 
open book petty end that such a policy wdl continue if elected. 
"Estayling should beopen-boar he said. "My policy is to be as 
transparent as possible" 
While Benito didn't specify ffinher, he did say the connivent needs to 
enhance its interactions will the public. insisting that anemia service is a 
oitical component of gammen( that is hrgely overlooked. 
"C saner tenet on our islands it depletabk." he said "When we all 
go away somewhere, what do we want? We stunt great customer service. 
Customer >civic< i5e55ental for the growth of any place. so vve got to push 
for it." 
What else ... 
Bencoa update, ptioney of his tenure will be to spur entivprencurehip 
the Virgin Islands by makingthe banking and licensing process simpler and 
more convenica. 
"I ware to brag in nos. banks to nuke ii casks foe young entrepreneurs 
to get commercial leans and also to get caner montage% wItah are all tons 
of growing an ccomeny." he said. 'Also, if you arc a teardnew business, 
as somas you walk in and pay, you're walking an of there with 3 buskin" 
license. That is one thing that I've been fighting rayon. And now, once we 
get eketed that's du lam thing dun's going to happen." 
Bctigeo said he would like to haw, an a minimum, the Fire Service. 
Planning arid Natural Resources and Licensing and Consumer Affairs in the 
same building. 
We need to consolidate a lot of this — make the office a me-sop shop." he 
said. "Nett going to make it Troaleconvenknt to renew your license because 
we can't keep muting away business" 
— Com'acrAJ Rao at 340-714-910I or email altuo(6rkstownts.a. 
ELECTION 2018 
MILUN YOUNG 
CONTIIMEDR93WYGE 3 
budget." as some proponents have suggested. 
Moreover. she said the proceeds from the sale of recreational 
manjuana cannot be used in agencies like Education or Human 
Services because they receive federal grants and recreational 
manjuana n still against federal law. 
"We have to be wry careful about how we proceed" she said. 
"We canna forget that our young people have to understand 
how it will also affect them going intocertain jobs. Be have to 
be wry careful that we don't do ourselves a disservice in terms 
of the job market for yang people" 
Transparency 
With a background in public relanans and journalism, Milln 
Young said she is acutely aware of the importance of pubic 
disclosure. not only in keeping constituents condonable with 
their government but also in driving away any suspicions of 
impropriety. 
"I want to be as open as possible:' she said. "You have my 
commitment that that1 how I will be. because you haven't seen 
anything in my track record that's been any different. When 
you keep things to yourself. especially when you're talking 
about polo's. someone is always going to think there an 
underfunded something to be hidden —so I don't operate like 
that 
Mill in Young said each gen-manure agency should have 
a responsive public information Mica who is not afraid to 
divulge information that may upset the sitting governor. 
"You don't need an executive order ma law, you just need to 
all whoever is in the position that this is how we're going to do 
business now." Millin Young said. "We're going to be proactive 
and share information with the public. And you will see the 
difference in how the public men.' 
What else ... 
Millin Young said she was against Mapp's executive order 
to merge V.I. Next Generation Network and the Bureau of 
Information Technology and insisted the decision ultimately 
hurl businesses that are unable to compete. 
She said Viya has been panicularly hurt, with Stapp even 
writing to rode-,al officials to prevent the telcoorninumeatians 
company from receiving federal grants. 
"Right now, the conemor is intervening and causing ha= 
to a private corporation," MilianYoung said. "lie's trying to 
protect VINGN. As the chief occeitive. I too want to Koko my 
goverment assets, but not at the detriment of a business where 
people hove invested their mania' 
Milton Young also said the V.I. Pon Authority should manage 
all ports. with WICO becoming more a division under tlx 
agency. She added. however, that the Pon Authority should not 
be packed with friends and relatives of the governor, but rather 
people selected for their competence. 
"Right now, we have a couple board members that have no 
knowledge about the pons:' she said. "So, it is very important 
that if we get to that big hump of having Port Authority manage 
everything. that we absolutely have a board of directors that's 
knowledgeable." 
- Contact 4.1 Rao as 3(0.714-9104 or email afrooq 
dadynewr.vi. 
Wednesday, October 10, 2018 
Campaign Events 
The St Thomas District Democratic So-
nata is hosting an raceme inviting at 6
today at the Democratic leaky: men 
Topers for discussion will be pollovatchers and 
upcoming events Be on mac. 
• • • 
The vbernatorul campaign of Gov. Kenneth 
Mapp and Lt. Governor Osbert Potter is having a 
lunch food sale bcginning at neon Dattiday at their 
headquaren in I LIN eilf /gill on St Thomas 
The eat ithagn also will intsjaingcs and greet 
swans; at 6 M. &muds). at 
By the Sea 
on St. Thomas. 
• • • 
In its filth in a senor of gobsoutonal fount. 
"Step Up to Truth" presents cantiducs Albert 
Bryan and Sen. 11egenza Roach, latectiatic 
nom 
 for codeine( and IKUICII3/II governor. at 
5:30M Friday at the University of the Vega Is-
landsconference crown in both (When 
the progren will be simulcast over radio sat. 
bons WSTA.AM 17 
- - 
. and 
- 
. 
and 
• • • 
The Committee to Elect it 
itch, fade will 
host Fotde findey staring at 6 
Friday at Porde 
headquarters. Food fix sale et 
barbecue pig-
tail plates with potter) salad and corn for $12 and a 
plate of chicken wings and a jchnny cake is $5. 
The camcuip wil
 a sap ask at Funk Head 
currs Ism
e
to 1 I 
Saturday, Nickles fiah red 
pea and chicken soupnova as coat wax/ will be en 
sale fa $8 fora small bowl and $12 fora rage bawl 
• • • 
The St. Thomas Cluptef of Delta Sigma Theta 
mi
l
Sorority is hosting a fawn lot se 
alnd 
a 
at. 
lenge senatorial candidates at 2 
Sunday at 
de Curette Amalie II igh School au atrium. 
The form is pan one of the sorority's -Still on 
De Foxe" sects. 
On Oss 21. the sorority well kin a forum for on
• 
running for governor, reelynt gover-
nor and delegate to Congress at 2 
Oct. 21N 
the Charlotte Amalie High Schoola 
nom 
• • • 
The public is invited to help the Independot Can 
eon Movement celebrate the ICM Party's 50th 
anniversary on Sunday in Emancipation Gad n. 
There will bc discussions, speeches. notching 
bards. reenactments. entertainment and dancing. 
Vendors will also be there to sell crafts, food and 
cultural and traditional items. 
For move redo 
25190 or 
send an email to 
The Daily News does not independently verily or attest to the accuracy or buthfulness of statements, dalms or opinions contained hl Pald Political Advertisements. 
ISSN 2159.3019 
On, Wm Pansong Ce Ire pea, 
boiON nefelklIC 5.55On Ow 
Imp. SUN% DIN IIEN1 Ws aunt 
Sinery. En 0,55 eaten St. Nan 
Ow EWES lure num 
"nt 
"...".<431 
rift 
WnroNna.danciN4 
St /Man U S VI 
USPS 144-180 
>051m4510..“ Net ism mni 
°" 4 " . "‘"o
L " , 0 " 0 " 4" 
BuckE DENIINNAINEVA4 
lassIBENEE 
V. aka 
Contact us 
St. Thomas office 
The Daily News 
9155 EstateThomas 
St Thomas. V100802 
340-7744772 
St Croix office 
The [laity News 
1115 Strand Street 
Christiansted, V100020 
340-7149127 
0. 3/4 ".ry@.. Samos 
DAILICO)NEWS 
• ra...tr...........Kmryne 
•••••• 
Advertising 
340.714.9103 
oust o'net Mote 
ffidaihnews 
News 
340-714-9106 
not ceshdadynewavi 
Sports 
Subscriptions 
MAIL BUSINESS AND 
RfLOENnµ DEUVERY: 
714-9101 
DWI CW, Pett4 hi:Win Co 
Circulation 
340.714-9117 
°mays SuitsCanieept. 
ea.pr, • 
President 
Executive Editor 
340.714.9101 
besereda lynens.n 
RATIIS:OEN tau 
Archie Nahigian 
GerryYeWel 
Orcuat Onida'yn!ws vi 
Opinions 
4.1, Bar tau u owl in,. ...Neu 
340.714.9105 
340-714.9106 
41,1114.4.1•104vtl • 
evomonatuovxmon 
Editor At Largo 
J. Lowe Davis 
Classifieds 
and Legal Ads 
340-714-2222 
letters8dailynews.vi 
Announcements 
notkestfclailynews.vi 
• NE Nunn Nunn ENNIII• 
ChM! iu)Sitiat to tn.. Or el Pe pan el 
IP OW( a ta .is la On rege rivet ,
is. no 54 note kE Nam ne watalu. 
ty EttEroalsoBN a NB NiNISI/Er Ittle 
a ulnae 
id
chases no to 
340414-9138 
bnedluVaill/arcwiu 
Odatlynews 
u0Entuti q tau pal EN It/NEE NN 
New pot 
EFTA00811469

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811470.pdf
----------------------------------------
L.L1-06. I ILOISI JIJILIVI 
air II IL 1111A‘11111 I.PLMIIILta 
Sunny Isle Annex Unit 4 Christiansted, VI I I 
Box 1499 Kingsh ill, VI 00851 (340) 773-1021 
9200 Lockhart Garden Shopping St. Thomas, VI I 
Box 6038 St. Thomas, VI 00804 (340) 774-3107 
Website: www,vivCite.gew 
ABSENTEE BALLOT APPLICATION 
APPLICATION INFORMATION 
TYPE OR PRINT ONLY 
Name: Jeffrey E. Epstein 
(As listed on the voter Registration Card) 
Last Four Digits of SS Number: 334 
 Date of Birth: New Yeti(  Place of Birth: New York 
Party Affiliation: (Select only one) Democrat® 
Republican 0 
ICM 
No Party® 
Local Physical Address (No. and Street) 
Little St. James Island St. Thomas. VI 00802 
Sex: Male ®Female 
(As listed on registration card) 
Local Mailing Address: 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Telephone: 
Work 
Home  
/Cellular_ 
Email Address: 
MAIL ABSENTEE BALLOT TO: (Complete mailing address where you want ballot to be mailed) 
Fax 
METHOD OF PREFERENCE IN RECEIVING APPLICATION OR BALLOT: WALK-IN 
MAIIAN 
E-Mail (MILITARY ONLY) 
REASON FOR ABSENTEE BALLOT (MARK X ONLY ONE). 
a. Member of the Armed Forces and Spouse or dependent 
b. A student residing outside the Territory 
c. An officer or employee of the Government of the Virgin Islands or Government of the U.S. 
d. Unable to appear because of illness or physical disability (permanent or temporary) 
e. A patient in a hospital, nursing home or home for the aged 
f. Absent from District because of accompanying a spouse, parent or child who would be entitled to apply for the 
right to vote by Absentee ballot 
 g. Detained in jail awaiting action by a grand jury or trial, or has been confined in prison after a conviction for an 
Q
offense other than a felony 
h. Any person who has not been out of the election district for more than 90 days prior to the date of the election 
e .,., 
for which an absentee status is sought 
ki
 i. Religious grounds 
IrIEQUEST AN 
LJ 
A 
ABSE
EE BALLOT FOR THEFOLLOWINGrELECTION(S): 
1_1 PRIMARY 
IF
L.C.GENERAL 
1_ SPECIAL 
LL Elections conducted in the calendar year 
SIGNATURE OF VOTER or Voter Representative 
DATE 
I swear or affirm to the seffiadministered oath, under penalty of perjury that: 
A. I am a United States Citizen, eligible to vote in the United States Virgin Islands. 
B. I have not been convicted of a felon or other disqualifying offense or been adjudicated mentally Incompetent, or if so my 
voting rights have been reinstated. 
C. I am not requesting a ballot from or voting in any other State, Territory, or Possession or Subdivision of the United States 
or Foreign country in the coming election(s) 
D. That I meet all the qualifications of a Virgin Islands elector. 
E. 
The information on this form is true and correct. 
SIGNATURE OF ELECTOR/VOTER 
DATE 
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY - Retistered Voter 
YES 
NO 
Baikal Issued 
Renal Retifined 
APplitatiOn Rejected 
REASON: 
EFTA00811470

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811471.pdf
----------------------------------------
Monday. October 22. 2018 
VIRGIN ISLANDS 
The Virgin Islands Daily News 3 
Excise tax violates U.S. Constitution, Gomez rules 
By BRIAN O'CONNOR 
Dairy News Staff 
A federal judge's ruling could 
imperil $45 million in government 
tax revenues, court records show. 
US. District Court Judge Curtis 
Gomez ruled on Sept. 28 that the 
excise Lax — levied against items 
and goods imported into the Virgin 
Islands — violated the Commerce 
Clause of the U.S. Constitution. 
The tax is worth 545 million in 
revenue for the territorial govern-
ment, budget documents show. 
It wasn't clear whether the rul-
ing would free businesses from ex• 
else tax obligations. or create new 
taxes for businesses not currently 
covered by the tax. 
The government. represented 
by V.I. Attorney General Claude 
Walker. has filed for an appeal 
with the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of 
Appeals. 
The Commerce Clause gives the 
federal government sole power to 
regulatecommerceamong the states. 
The lawsuit that sparked the ruling 
Curbs 
Gomez 
involves Reerce 
Services lac., rep-
resented by Alex 
Golubssky. 
Reefro 
spc• 
cialires in in• 
stalling 
refrig-
eration 
units. 
air conditionen, 
is makers and 
water 
makers 
on local boats. 
according 
to 
Gomee's ruling. The V.I. Internal 
Revenue Bureau — which col-
lects taxes for the government —
changed Reck° for importing vari-
ous items over a number of years. 
Territorial law allows an exemp-
tion to the excise tax for boats, 
boat engines and boat pans. 
Reel& sued the government. 
arguing that the tax collected was 
improper. The government argued 
that the pans in question — in-
eluding small refrigerators and ice 
makers — were not boat parts. 
In an amended complaint, Reef-
ea also argued that the excise tax 
was unconstitutional. Gomez ini• 
daily dismissed that portion of the 
complaint. in pan because the gov-
ernment is neither a person. nor a 
federal agency, which arc covered 
under other sections of federal law. 
However. the Commerce Clause 
— and constitutional law generally 
— allows for claims against gov-
ernments. so Gomez reversed his 
dismissal. 
Excise taxes in the territory — 
<sealed in V.I. Code Title 33, Sec-
tion 42 — date back at least as far 
as 1980, when Congress passed a 
law allowing for the collection of 
the tax whenever an item is brought 
into the territory Two years later. 
Congress instructed federal offi• 
cials to assist in the collection of 
the tax. 
In 1987, a case challenging the 
excise tax as an illegal barrier to 
commerce made it to the U$. Su-
preme Court. 
Justices judged the ease moot, 
in pan because of a 1984 change 
to the law that required excise tax 
to be levied against goods made 
in the Virgin Islands, in addition 
to goods imported into the Virgin 
Islands. 
However, Internal Revenue Bu-
reau employees testified during a 
deposition that the government has 
not charged local businesses the 
exetse tax, despite the change in 
law. Gomez wrote. 
The opinion quotes Glenford 
Hodge. the supervisor of excise tax 
for the Internal Revenue Bureau. 
as representative of the govern-
ment position. 
"We have no basis to charge a 
tax on something that's not im-
ported into the territory." Hodge is 
quoted as saying. 
Government regulations relating 
to the excise tax have not been up• 
dated since 1983. Gomez wrote in 
his opinion. 
The government "ignores the 
corrective amendment to Section 
and continues to implement 
the pre.1984 statute that the Third 
Circuit held was invalid under the 
Commerce Clause." he wrote. 
The law thus represents illegal 
economic protectionism. Gomez 
wrote. 
The government "has not as-
serted any 'legitimate local pur-
pose' for this scheme, let alone 
evidence or argument dot 'this 
purpose could not be served as 
well by available nonditetimina-
tory means.'" Gomez wrote, quot-
ing earlier case law. "Accordingly. 
the Court holds that the Section 42 
— as interpreted and enforced by 
the GVI — violates the Commerce 
Clause." 
Gomez ordered $5.287.74 in 
collected excise taxes returned to 
Reefco 
Internal Revenue Bureau Di-
rector Marvin Pickering directed 
questions to Walker. 
Walker declined to comment, 
citing the ongoing legal case. 
The case is tentatively scheduled 
for hearing during a December 
2019 visit by the 3rd Circuit judg-
es. court documents show. 
— Contact Brian O'Connor 
as 140414.9130 or email boron-
nor@dailynews.H. 
Yacht Haven Grande, EDA come to terms over benefits 
By BRIAN WCONNOR 
Ciatay News Stan 
ST THOMAS — The VI. Foe-
norm Development Authority and the 
owners of Yacht Haven Grande have 
settled over the company's tax exempt 
slam officials said. 
The disagreement prompted EDA 
officials to hold a "show cause" hear-
ing last week, in which the company 
was ordered to show cause why it's 
status should not be revoked suspend• 
ed cc rrinds&d 
Officials from Yacht Haven USVI. 
which is owned by Island Global 
Yachting, lad taken the position that 
in-kind contnbutions — donations of 
time and space for events for com-
munity stoups —should coon( finan-
cially ;ward community contribution 
obligations required to maintain the 
company's Economic Development 
Commission program status. EDA 
staff said they were bound by the letter 
of the law to consider only monetary 
contributions toward the total. 
Thomas Mukamal. CEO of Island 
Global Yachting. said the company 
routinely often space at Yacht Haven 
Grande foe community events Those 
events come at a cost to his company. 
Mukarnal 
"We donate the venue and then 
provide the cleaning services. Hai-
My staff, if it's an indoor maw." he 
said. 'All of that stuff can be quite 
expensive." 
The dispute reached the Economic 
Development Commission in part 
Thomas 
Mukamal 
bfc30‘f EDA 
lud Ixot 
unckat 
about 
\View: Of ram in. 
kind contr-Sut ions 
mild be counted, 
NIL:41331 said 
"It would have 
been 
cheaper 
to pay the fine 
a year ago," he 
said. "We wanted 
to force them to 
take a position." 
The dispute over comnbutions is the 
second time this year finthrial tensions 
between WA aril Island Global Yacht-
ing have spilled into public. IG1LAYII 
St. Thomas Holdings. aruther subsid-
iary company. was paced under a ben 
for 549.036.90in unpaid gross receipts 
taxes on June 25. The company was re-
leased from the lien — metwating the 
tows had been paid or administrathey 
waived — on Oct. 4. 
The AYH stands for Amman 
Yacht Haim, anodes EDC bor.& 
ciary. Mukamal said. The Red lkok• 
based retail location was awaiting 
miewal of its EDC benefits for two 
years, at which point the Internal Rev 
awe Bureau mistakenly charged the 
company gross receipts tax it was ex-
=ivied front. Mukamal said. 
"They mina have bawd us up for 
that pence he said. 
The taxes were waned on renewal. 
Mukamal said 
Community contributions, mini-
mum employment standards, and lo
-
:tie veers Of Men 
he V.I. Revive Festwal in December draws a large crowd to Yacht Haven 
Grange on St. Thomas. The Economic Development Authority and the 
Property's owners have settled a dispute over the company's tax-exempt 
taws and whether in.krid contnbutons of space ft( events for community 
groups shosid count toward nsoblgatons under the Economic Development 
Con-reason program 
cal hire rewirenwrns are all part of 
the EUM EDC program_ In exclanµe 
for meeting MOW Cnteria — rewired 
community contributions can vary 
from company to company and num-
ber in the lens of thousands of dollars 
— EDC beneficiaries reccnv the fol-
towbar:tax benefits: 
• 90 perms reduction in corporate 
income tax 
• 90 percent ;Simian in personal 
interne lax 
• I00 percent exemption on gross 
receipt tax 
• 100 percent exemption on business 
property sex 
• 100 percent exemption on excise 
tax payments 
• Reduction in the custorm duty 
from the standard 6 percent to I percent 
EDA Assistant Executive Direct& 
Waync Biggs Jr. said officals were 
togued 
1'acht Haven's certificate 
— %%Inch lists 'he compuny -speak re-
quirerrtnts for the program 
to count 
mccetary donations instead 
"Mk follow the a...Idioms" lie said. 
"The certificate. when it  done, is a 
contract between the EDC and the 
Island Global las filed at applica-
tion to tredify its certificate to count ith 
kind retributions in addition to mon-
easy contributiorn. Rigid aid. EDA 
staff are m theI:cocoa of mincing the 
spoken:m.84;gs said. 
Similar settlements are a regular pan 
of the EDC pecgram. Biggs said. 
"1 think stele moving ahead." he 
said "Settlements are all pan of the 
proca 
Once additinnal monetary contribu-
tions are made. Pt company will be 
fully renewed Bus said. The FDA 
welcomes in-kind contributions. but 
officials are bound a follow 
the,
kites 
of the law, Boggs said. 
"Now that we've settled, we consider 
them to be in fullcompliance." he sari 
Homier. Mukamal said the corn-
pony will hue to scrutinize community 
events to host at Yacht Ibsenasa result 
of the decision. 
"Now we know" he said. "When 
somebody asks us to do it. We'll likey 
have to be a little mote selective in 
how we do it. That's a potential and 
unfortunate" 
EDA board members Jose Pam. 
Haklane Davies. Juan Figuerea and 
Eugene Farrell vend unanimously for 
the scnkmag 
EFTA00811471

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811472.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cl 
it"'
, 11109tri11•%.“-:4 
0014,..sti.M•101111(Si-c110.1.1 
-11-1...•“1 %I0C, 11.0.1O I 1 i0.411:..1.4 .1),WW1•R'F', -tr) , ` t 
1018 
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS. SUITE 8-3 
ST. THOMAS. VI 00802 
PAY TO THE 
ORDER OF 
GOVDIRMUILOLthe
rgirliSlarldS 
FiRSTBANK PUERTO RICO 
ST THOMAS, VI 
101-7285:2216 
2/6/2019..
 I $ *175,000.00 
»  
*.* 
DOLLARS 
.Seventy.-Eivelhousand.and.00/10D  
*twooprr7c-r= A.c.AiN51F06PP a 
MEW -
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 
Government of the Virgin Islands 
l
a4A124.4_ 
000 10 /80 
216? 28 5 
? /9imi 
98 1,0
1018 
Government of the Virgin Islands 
Annual fees for 2019 renewal 
2/6/2019 
First Bank 
SOUTHERN COUNTRY INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 
Government of the Virgin Islands 
019 
Annual fees for 2019 renewal 
75,000.00 
First Bank 
75,000 00 
75,000.00 
1018 
75,000.00 
• 
• 
• 
• 
10052 J1134600961 
100521 
Rev 2/14 
EFTA00811472

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811473.pdf
----------------------------------------
r
nEW 
YORK 
 STATE 
Sex Offender 
Registry 
March 5, 2019 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
Re:  1FFFRFY F FPSTEIN 
Updated Photograph 
The NYS Sex Offender Registration Act requires level 3 offenders to have a photograph 
taken every year. Level 1 and level 2 offenders must have their photographs taken every 3 
years. 
To comply with this law, your photograph must be taken at your local police department 
between March 26, 2019 and May 5, 2019. Please call the Virgin Islands Dept of Justice -
Sex Offender Registry to schedule a date and time to have your photograph taken. 
If you have moved, call the police department where you live now. The police will send the 
photograph to the NYS Sex Offender Registry. 
Failure to have your photograph updated is a felony. 
NYS Sex Offender Registry 
EFTA00811473
--- PAGE 2 ---
er iNEW 
YORK 
STATE 
Sex Offender 
Registry 
Michael C. Green 
Executive Deputy Commissioner 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Notice of Important Document 
ENGLISH 
This is a time-sensitive legal document. Failure to respond could result in 
criminal charges. If you need free translation, please call 518-417-3384. 
Thank you. 
Español 
Spanish 
Este documento legal tiene fecha de vencimiento. La falta de respuesta puede 
resultar en una qucrclla penal. Si necesita una traducción gratuita, llame al 
518-417-3384. Muchas gracias. 
WI*
Simplified 
Chinese 
itl—feWIMPHIIIIirthlíticffi. TtillizItig-IliailffilttkIto 11 
MI/nR1,9tIt9 ill+ , *RI 518-417-33840 ligt 
Kreyól Ayisyen 
Haitian 
Creole 
Sa a se yon dokiman legal ki gen delé you w respekte. Si w pa reponn sa ka 
lakoz akizasyon lcriminél. Si w bezwen tradiksyon gratis, tanpri rele nan 518-
417-3384. Mési. 
Italiano 
Italian 
Il presente e un documento legate urgente. La mancata risposta puó dar luogo a 
un procedimento penale. Per una traduzione gratuita, chianti it numero 518- 
417-3384. Grazie. 
ti--oi 
Korean 
Ele
017,-.1.1.92. AllI cl- -- el  Yin:1?..! T.'_?:_iSIILIEF. @Sttl-xl Ett 7c1-?-
1:1Áfzita SE1 4 2,,VáLIES-. --T-R- 1t 19.101 iá2tEApilj, 518-417-
3384 `iºá  IIII-tl-tIA12. IAllii--IEF. 
Pyceicn ¡I 
Russian 
3To lopitawiecicnk noxymeirr, Tpe6yIoW(MIi 6esarnaratenEmoro Eunedalima. 
HeCBOeBpeMeHHEA. OTBeT Moxcer npHBeCTM K npubstunetitno yronosnoro 
06BHIleHHA. ECRU Bam HpKlibl 6eCIIIIBTEIbIe ycnyrm nepengna, (103BOHHTe no 
HOmePY 518-417-3384. Cnacn6o. 
EFTA00811474

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811475.pdf
----------------------------------------
7/1/2013 - 
12/31/2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
NES LLC Salary (40k per annum - reduced from 65k 6/1/2015) 
32,500 
65,000 
50,577 
40,000 
Payroll Taxes - 8% of salary 
2,600 
5,200 
4,046 
3,200 
Health / Dental 
4,686 
10,655 
10,947 
11,508 
Apt. 2G (1 bedroom 1 bath 885 sq ft) - FMV rent (3,900 per month) 
23,400 
46,800 
46,800 
46,800 
Internet & cable & utilities - (averages 275 per month) 
1,650 
3,300 
3,300 
3,300 
Cell Phone (150 per month - average) 
900 
1,800 
1,800 
1,800 
Nashville, TN rent (6 months) 
13,800 
13,800 
American Express points 500,000 
5,000 
Wire 7/24/2013 
12,000 
Automobile Purchase 12/19/2013 
100,000 
Quickbooks report to be categorized per categories below 
24579 
58,039 
86,009 
Gifts 
Hair, nails, mist 
Medical / Dental 
Food 
Clothes 
Gym 
Taxi 
Computer & other electronics 
Total 
177,736 
161,334 
189,309 
206,417 
Totals 7/1/2013 - 12/31/2016 
734,796 
EFTA00811475
--- PAGE 2 ---
5:06 PM 
03/23/17 
Accrual Gaels 
Type 
50000 • General 
60010 • Ging_ 
60096• 
Check 
Check 
Chock 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Crew Card Chow) 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Credit Card Charge 
12/31/2014 
Total 50096 .M 
Total 50080 • Gifts 
Total 50000 • General 
TOTAL. 
Date 
Num 
02/03/2014 
02/03/2014 
04/02/2014 
686 
04/02/2014 
686 
05/13/2014 
Woe 
05/13/2014
e 
07/16/2014
09/22/2014 
Wire 
09/22/2014 
Wire 
09/22/2014 
Wire 
09/22/2014 
Wire 
Karyna 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January through December 2014 
Name 
Insurance Office or 
smog 
Amencan Express G.. 
Memo 
n0er Wang lors 
medical and presaipbc
m
est Clay Astallment Audi 07 
I
personal expenses (medical and gets) 
personal 
Pap R 
auren • shopping withaR 
Gilts f 
bet -August Vise 
Medical to 
Oct' r -August Visa 
Parking garage f 
Jan -August 2014 (45 
GYM and Yoga fr 
Neiman Marcus . clothes la 
Spilt 
10013 • DB JE... 
10013 . DB JE-
10013 • DB JE... 
10013 • DB JE... 
10013 . DB JE... 
10013. DB JE.. 
25003 • Amex 
10013 • DB JE... 
10013 • DB JE.. 
10013 DB JE... 
10013 • DB JE... 
Amount 
335.33 
643.84 
1.076.03 
-329,00 
4,903.05 
520.00 
1,948.76 
1,641.94 
5,348.02 
3.150.00 
93.75 
4.147.07 
23.578.70 
23,578.78
23.01.78 
23,576.76 
Papa 1 
EFTA00811476
--- PAGE 3 ---
5:07 PM 
03/2387 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
50000 • General 
50080 • Gifts 
50096 • • 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Credit 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Cheek 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Total 50096 • IM 
Total 50080 • Gifts 
Total 50000 • General 
TOTAL 
Date 
Num 
01/12/2015 
01/12/2015 
0585/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
0585/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
0585/2015 
Woe 
05/1512015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
05/15/2015 
Wire 
11/03/2015 
11/25/2015 
Karyna 
11/25/2015 
Karyna 
11/25/2015 
Karma
1288/2015 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January through December 2015 
Name 
Memo 
American Express 3. 
American Express 3. 
Amman Express 3. 
American Express 3. 
Computer for points for I 
charge credited 
Computer for points for 
Doctors 484.4/15 
Total fuel to Nashville 
Total Cr Insurance I/tom-112015 
Ed 
gifts 4/14-4/15 
moving exp to Nashville 
stipples 
Tsui 484-4/15 
travel 
arnins 
For 
Microsoft office. computer and charger 
rnlaCy suppllea 
El hair 
Gets for Jackie enfd 
Audi service 
Audi poking 5 month Nov - April 2015 
TTaki 
trip and sports 
paid in adv.rice 
clothes for I. 
goners for
§Sgs for IM from Prada 
birthday 
Spat 
Amount 
25003 • Amex._ 
1,958.86 
25003 • Amex ... 
.1,958.75 
10013 • DEI JE... 
9.581/8 
10013 • 08 JE.. 
468.04 
10013 • De JE... 
2,485.68 
10013 08 JE- 
1,840.82 
10013 • 08 JE 
4,221.2e 
10019 • 08 JE.. 
3.977.86 
10013 • 138 JE... 
83.83 
10013 • D8 JE-. 
4/43.58 
10013 • DI3 JE-. 
3,706.81 
104)13 • 08 JE_ 
1,009.41 
10013 • CS JE.- 
1,433.83 
10013 . 08 JE— 
811.72 
10013 • D8 JE- 
445.57 
10013 • D8 JE.- 
351.60 
10013 08 JE_ 
200.49 
10013 • D8 JE._ 
2,490.00 
10013 • D8 JE.- 
341.07 
10013 D8 JE.- 
2,185.17 
10013 • DE1JE.- 
15.000.00 
25003 • Amex 
1,514.39 
25003 • AMU._ 
136.09 
25603 • Amex ... 
1,143.69 
28003 Amex ... 
467.48 
50,038.59 
58,038.59 
58.038.59 
58.038.69 
Page 1 
EFTA00811477
--- PAGE 4 ---
5:08 PM 
03/23/17 
Accrual Basis 
TyPe 
Dato 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January through December 2016 
Num 
N81110 
Memo 
Split 
Amount 
50000 • General 
50080 • Gifts 
50096 • -
Check 
04/1512016 
Karma Shullek 
000 per JE for Europe tap tor each Karyna and 
10502 - LE C-
5.000.00 
Credit Card Charge 
10/19/2016 
Grand Club ?Mato- 
ard 
a hotel 
25003 • Amex
1.727.64 
Credit Card Charge 
10/19/2016 
NY.Toklo_NY 
25003 • Amex _ 
4.904.16 
Check 
10/2512016 
Amex rant). May 2015_October 2016 
10013 - DEJE_ 
72.454.72 
Credit Card Charge 
11/142016 
Grand Club ~to
if
arid 
and Karma hotel 
26003 • Amex...
1.832.65 
-
Total 50096 • ffi
86.009.37 
Total 50080 Gifts 
86.009.37 
Total 50000- General 
88.009.97 
TOTAL 
88,009.37 
Page 1 
EFTA00811478

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811479.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
3/31/2017 
EFTA00811479
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - MARCH 31, 2017 
2/28/17 
3/31/17 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
89,672,522 
110,396,021 
20,723,499 
Fixed Income 
75,939,447 
75,106,683 
(832,764) 
Equities 
94,128,808 
83,337,233 
(10,791,575) 
Equity ETF's 
3,042,600 
3,037,200 
(5,400) 
Options 
288,875 
574,280 
285,405 
Hedge Funds 
71,554,949 
72,697,525 
1,142,576 
Investments 
47,006,000 
47,006,000 
-
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
11,850,000 
26,600,000 
14,750,000 
Loans Receivable 
9,482,446 
9,632,446 
150,000 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
900 000 
17.400,000 
-22,500,000 
Total Assets 
442,865,647 
445,787,388 
2,921,741 
Cash Activity - Items over 50.000 
Leon loan 
22,500,000 
Apple - sold 100,000 shares @ 143 55 - ML 
14,351,000 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions - per brokerage stmts 
721,036 
Earthlink Inc 8.875% bond redemption 
358,789 
Larry Visoski Loan 
(50,000) 
Enhanced - Hasty Pudding 50k /ASU 25k 
(75,000) 
Gratitude - Pe 
25k / Noam 20k / Krasner 5k / Crohn Colitis 10k / Cuba 25k / MS Walk 
(90,000) 
loan 
(100,000) 
Miscellaneous 
(323,963) 
Apple - Bought 2,500 May 150 calls 
ML 
(502,500) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,300,000) 
G 550 closing 
(14,765,863) 
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
20,723,499 
EFTA00811480
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
TO 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Stanley 
Merrill 
Panorniscle 
Totals 
Cash 
Southern Financial LLC 
2%200,046 
51,682 
29,251,728 
Haze Trust 
23,102,730 
23,102.730 
Plan D LLC 
22,819,561 
22.819,561 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
6,205,167 
118 053 
300,000 
701,044 
14,351,900 
21.674,164 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
1,242,337 
76,966 
2,843,528 
4.162.831 
JEE 
2.809,938 
701,062 
456,765 
3.967.765 
jaspers Inc. 
1,481,642 
1,481,714 
LSJE LLC 
362.067 
354,036 
294,634 
1.010,737 
JEGE Inc. 
963.188 
963,188 
Southern Country International LTD 
455,512 
455,512 
Sono Development Corp/Management LLC 
324,025 
324.025 
JEGE LLC 
308,895 
308.895 
NES LLC 
297,909 
297,909 
Hyperion Air LLC 
101.625 
101,625 
Enhanced Education 
9.013 
81,780 
90.793 
Neptune LLC 
82,697 
82,697 
Thomas World Air Ile 
80.826 
80,826 
JEE - Paris (US S) 
69,145 
69,145 
Nautilus Inc. 
42,859 
42,859 
FT Real Estate 
42,299 
42,299 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
23,112 
23.112 
Michelins Transponation Co LLC 
13,573 
13.573 
Great St Jim LLC 
8,877 
8,877 
LSJ LLC 
5,150 
5,150 
Maple Inc. 
440 
4,440 
Laurel Inc. 
‘2?) 
4,220 
Cypress Inc. 
3.807 
807 
ISM 
FSF LLC 
937 
IGO Company LLC 
690 
690 
The JEE Life Ins Trust a3 
206 
206 
Mort Inc 
Butterfly Trust 
Total Cash 
89,311,052 
2,016,271 
825,910 
294,634 
3,544,572 14,351,900 51,682 110,396,021 
EFTA00811481
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
2128117 
3/31/17 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Haze Trust- Fixed Income (DB) 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 
3,000,000 
3,337,958 
3.197,683 
3,207.500 
-130,458 
Ipaymem Inc 10.25% 5/15/2018 
10/02/12 
500,000 
485986 
441,483 
454,361 
-31,205 
JPM Tr Fit Rate Income Fund 
01/22/13 238,034.829 
2,385,730 
2,250,009 
2,249,429 
-136,301 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/28/14 
4%033.00 
1,180,739 
1.253.283 
1,289.955 
89,218 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/29/14 
150,967.00 
3670430
,
3,858 717 
3,910.045 
239 615 
238..651 
269,517 
Citibank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
70,000.00 
1.999.419 
2.267:302.
2.238 070 
Total Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
13,059,843 
13,268,476 
13,329,380 
Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
JPM Trust FLT RT Income fund 
02/13/13 178,313.490 
1.784.202 
685,497  
RAS 062 
9914Q 
Total Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,784,202 
1,685,497 
1,685,062 
-99,140 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Western Digital Corp 7.375% Matures 41-2023 
06/09/16 
2,000,000 
084.067 
255 229 
2.2(*25() 
B 2sa2. 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
2,084,067 
2,266,229 
2,286,260 
182,183 
Southern Trust Ca - Fixed Income (DB) 
Nationwide Society 6.875% GBP callable 6/20/2019 
4/15/14 
2,000,000 
mama 
592.21Q 
573.558 
Mal 
-865,6343 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (DB) 
3,439,193 
2,592,219 
2,673,658 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
Mogan mandatory convertible proffered 5.5%3/1/2018 
08/15/16 
1,000,000 
881,500 
871,530 
848.430 
-33,070 
LSCCOM 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
26,250.000 
2,859,332 
2,859,884 
2,839.457 
-19,875 
Frontier Communications 10.5% 9/15/2022 
11/9/16 
4,000,000 
4,180000 
4,158,720 
4,050000 
-110,000 
Kindred Healthcare 7.25% 1/15/2020 STC ML 
10/13/16 
3,000,000 
3,125,750 
3.060,667 
3,099.417 
-26,333 
Teva mandatory convertible proffered 7.0% 12/15/2018 
08/15/16 
1,000,000 
901.750 
649 875 
577.000 
-324.7w 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
11,928,332 
11,600,676 
11,414,303 
-514,028 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Charles Schwab 6.0% Preferred $25 par 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,051,600 
1,067,200 
67,200 
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred $25 par 
08/04/16 
8.000 
200,000 
160,560 
170500 
-29,200 
Wells Fargo 5.7% Preferred $25 par 
1/19/16 
120000 
3.000,000 
3,009,600 
3,020,400 
400 
115,300 
Ebay 6% Preferred $25 par matures 2.1.2056 
2/2216 
80.000 
2,000,000 
2,064,000 
2,115,200 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
8/16/16 
500,000 
500,000 
533,264 
516,833 
16,833 
Etrade Fnancial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 
2,500,000 
2,623,122 
2,638,350 
2,581.000 
-42,122 
Royal Bars Second 7.64% Fixed to 9-29-2017 then 3M Wm •232163 
11/10/15 
5,000,000 
5,298,817 
4,907,044 
4,672,500 
-628,317 
Goldman Sachs 5.375% Flied to 5-162020 then 392.2 over 3 mo Tibor 
6/4/15 
5.000,000 
5,034,346 
5,243,125 
. 
5,217.760 
183,414 
Capital One 5.55% Fixed to 9.1.2020 then 380 over 3 ma libor 
5/14/15 
3,000,000 
3.00991t 
3145.238 
3.168600 
158.18? 
Total Southern Trust Co. -Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
22,666,104 
22,752,781 
22,529,693 
-136,411 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
Bank of America 8.125% Pfd Dec 29 2049 
1/10/11 
2,000,000 
2,055,000 
2,141,493 
Z146,389 
91,389 
Barclays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/10/2023 
4/3/13 
300,000 
300,000 
330,750 
325,819 
25,819 
Cifigroup Inc - Series 0 5.95% 
8/8/15 
3,000 000 
3,000,006 
3,141,416 
3,150,309 
150,303 
Earthlink Inc 8.875% Ntay 15 2019 
10/23/12 
351.000 
361,349 
redeemed 
General Electric Co GTD Fixed to Fleet 4.0% Dee 15 2065 
12/3/15 
2,469,000 
2,175,016 
2,478,681 
2,454.872 
279,856 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2,687,500 
2,664,736 
2.672,917 
-14,583 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2,675,000 
2.664,736 
2,672.917 
-2,083 
LBG Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5121/13 
1,903,000 
1,948,500 
2,043.857 
2,014,199 
65,699 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3,000.000 
2,995,764 
3,329,813 
3,331,250 
335,486 
GMAC Cap TR I GTD Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80.000 
1882.774 
2.057 600 
2.034 400 
151,621 
Total Southern Financial LLC • Fixed Income (DB) 
19,719,560 
21,212,430 
2%803,072 
083 612 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
(ace value 
Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 ci CBI var 7/25/2033 
11/19/13 
595,372 
455 57Q 
572.14Q 
SOS "iftS,_ 
49.815 
Total Southern Financial LLC • Fixed Income (DE) 
455,570 
672.140 
605,385 
49,815 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
75,136,870 75,939,447 75,106,683 
-30,187 
Note - Accrued interest has been included in month end fixed income values 
EFTA00811482
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
2/28/17 
3131117 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) , 
Southern Financial LW - Equities (DB) 
Akom Inc. 
6/10/15 
5.000 
234,206 
104glir 
120,400 
-113,806 
Alibaba Group 
6/10/15 
000 
444,749 
514 500 
539150 
401 
Allianz SE ADR 
4/13/15 
-Ow 
90,056 
87,050 
92.650 
1:594 
Apple Inc 
10/28/13 
14,000 
1,917860 
*slow 
Apple Inc 
915114 
86,000 
11,781,140 
sits. a 
Apple Inc 
9/5/14 
64,000 
6,332,800 
8,767,360 
9,194,240 
2,861,440 
Apple Inc 
1/11/16 
250,000 
24,750,006 
34,247,500 
35,915.000 
11,164,994 
Apollo Global Management 
3/31/11 
263,157 
4,999,983 
5,984,190 
6,399,978 
1,399,995 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. (Formerly Dress Barn 1.3.11) 
1/16/01 
500 
1,500,000 
324,300 
300.330 
-1,199,670 
Avalanche Blotechnologles now called Adverum 6lotechnologies 
4/20/15 
1(000 
398,606 
28,500 
27.000 
-371,806 
BASF ADR 
4/13/15 
000 
508,056 
465950 
495,875 
-12,181 
Bank of New York Mellon 
6/25/14 
__,__5 
2t6,000 
9,076,406 
11,785;000 
11,807.500 
2,731,094 
Biogen Idec Inc 
2/14/12 
2,095 
250,455 
604,617 
572.815 
322,360 
Bioverativ Inc 
2/1/17 
1,047 
20,254 
54,528 
57020 
36,766 
Centene Corp 
9/8/14 
15,550 
986,497 
1,096,275 
1,108,093 
121596 
47,528 
Dish Network Corp 
6/10/15 
5.000 
364,978 
310,000 
317.450 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
17,500 
665,000 
2,371,950 
2,485,875 
1,820,875 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/16/14 
49,830 
1,265,037 
1,235,784 
1,607,018 
341,981 
General Motors Co 
12/9110 
97,525 
3,585,947 
3,592,821 
3,448,484 
-137,463 
General Electric Co 
4/23/13 
23,000 
496,109 
685,630 
685,400 
189,291 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
215/14 
5,000 
396,407 
352,400 
339.800 
-56,807 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
3/7/14 
3,100 
246,797 
218,488 
210,552 
210,600 
-36,245 
-4,206 
Glaxo Smith Kline PLC 
6/10/15 
5,000 
215,006 
207,400 
Global Partner Acquisition Corp 
7/30/15 
2,000 
20,000 
20,400 
19,600 
400 
GoDaddy Inc. 
4/1/15 
700 
14,000 
25,795 
26.530 
12,530 
Match 
11/19/15 
200 
2,400 
3,232 
3266 
866 
Mobileye NVAmstelveen OW Shares 
' 
8/1/14 
800 
20,000 
36,416 
49,120 
29,120 
Square 
11/19/15 
200 
1,800 
464 
3,456 
1,658 
Sangamo Biosciences Inc 
5128113 
50,000 
422,214 
227:500 
260,000 
-162,214 
Santander Consumer USA 
1/28/14 
1,000 
24,000 
14,780 
13,320 
-10,680 
Terraform Global 
7/31/15 
400 
6,000 
1740 
1,920 
4,080 
Twitter Inc 
11/7/13 
1,500 
39,000 
23,855 
22,425 
-16,575 
Viacom Inc 
6/10/15 
5,000 
338,745 
217,250 
233100 
-105,645 
Volkswagen AG 
4/13/15 
8000 
254,306 
151,750 
149.950 
-104,356 
Wisdon*ee investments Inc 
3/31/15 
15000 
atam
salst
u§.2232
Ilaila
• 
58,293,977 87,597,925 
18,560,140 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
76,854,117 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
Barclays PLC ADR 
7/18/16 
100000 
805,098 
1,119,000 
1,124,000 
318,904 
Credit Suisse Group 
7/18/16 
10O00 
1,137,626 
1,509,000 
1,484.000 
346,374 
270 Express 
1W27/16 
3,500 
fano 
45.11§ 
45115 
-22,435 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,010,972 
2,673,116 
2,663,816 
642,843 
Gratitude America, LTD • Equities Morgan Sterile 
Colony Capital->Colony NatWest' Ina 
9/28/16 
73,315 
928,837 
1.076,264 
946.497 
17,860 
Sequential Brands 
9/23/16 
50,000 
402,134 
196,500 
194,500 
-207,634 
ITO Express 
Bank of America 
10/27/18 
1,150 
22,425 
14824 
15.054 
-7,372 
3/2/16 
500 
100,825 
185,100 
176,295 
75,470 
Editas Medicine 
3/2/16 
i ,,2oo 
102,199 
79,776 
71,424 
-30,775 
Tenant li&
I gal iaa
J,W
8/1 
50,000 
2,720,182 
2,880,464 
126,687 
Total Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,846,769 
J Epstein W Foundation - Equities (DB) 
Bristol Myers Squfifis 
10/30/15 
5,000 
334,712 
283,550 
271,900 
42,812 
Disney 
10/30/15 
5,000 
570,073 
550.450 
566.950 
4,123 
Pfizer Inc 
10/30/15 
4.200 
145,028 
143.304 
143682 
-1 34 
Total J Epstein Ill Foundation - Equities (DB) 
1,049,812 
977,304 
982,532 
47,280 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
64,074,944 94,128,808 83,337,233 19,262,289 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETFs (DB) 
Wisdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/13 
60.000 
2,966.099 
3044600 
=ion 
am 
71,101 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF'S (DB) 
2,966,099 
3,042,600 
3,037,200 
Southern Trust Co. - Options (Merrill Lynch) 
AAPL May 19 2017 150 Cans 
3/29/17 
2.500 
502,500 
432,576 
-69,924 
TLF•mommiall smell My usenta
ltenSISOI•Itillewaliew Sawmills 
12/9/18 
604,174 
2N,SOR 
288 874 
141 704 
11911,2,% 
-178,220 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Options (Merrill Lynch) 
notional 
762,600 
288,875 
574,280 
EFTA00811483
--- PAGE 6 ---
2/28/17 
3/31/17 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financial fSFLLC) 
added 10mm WM 6 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
ill 
395 269 
44.981.287 
1.32%-
2.45% added Starn 3/31216 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
44,395,269 
44,981.287 
*thane Ulaim 1110117 
total Invettmawd 40mat 
2016 return 3.77% 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
King Street 
5153.57Q 
5.753.576 
0.00% 
0.00% 2016/17 paid to data 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
5,753,576 
5,753,576 
tame 0267.054 PIM 
7127/16 6,102,1124 paid 
10/27116 1.186.1101 pak 
1/27t17 3694,644 paid 
2016 ream 4.611% 
Hedge Funds - STC 
Honeycomb 
21.408,104 
962 663 
2.60% 
9.30% added 20mm III31/16 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
1,4106,104 
21,962,663 
2016 ..em 044% 
Total Hedge Funds 
71,554,949 
72,697,525 
SFI. 
Mort 
Southern 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
Kyara I (repaid 100 cost + 201k profi ) 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
II 
250,000 
Kyara III -> 483,915 repaid 8/5/2015 
Kyara IV (Investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment (grat at cost) 
11,250,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,000 
sit 
Adfin Solutions (investment amount 
875,000 
buttidly oust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Uvingston, NJ 
3.000,000 
Coinbase 
I 
STC 
3.001,000 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Velar Global Fund II (investment amount) 
13,650,000 
Velar Global Fund III (investment amount) 
5,250,000 
Totals 
11,250,000 
3,000,000 23,275,000 
3,001,000 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
47,006,000 
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
2,500,000 
2,500,000 
1988 Gulfsheam G-IV N212JE 
6,500,000 
6,500,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
250,000 
also 0 LLC 
250,000 
2008 G550 
15,750,000 
15,750,000 
Automobiles 
900,000 
900,000 
Boats 
700,000 
700,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
2,500,000 
6,500,000 
250,000 17,350,000 26,600,000 
EFTA00811484
--- PAGE 7 ---
• 
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
SIC 
FIRE 
Totals 
Loans Receivable 
100,000 
100,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Karyna 
350,000 
350,000 
Nick Ribis 
75,000 
75,000 
Larry / Eileen Visoski 
225,000 
225.000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
David Mitchell 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
302,000 
302,000 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
3,750,000 
3,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
Lesley 
200,000 
200,000 
Cecile 
50,000 
50,000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
LV Home & Other 
1,300,000 
1,300,000 
525.000 
525,000 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,697,446 
4,950,000 
50,000 1,935,000 
9,632,446 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
Nast bust 
Giacometti 
25,000,000 
25,000,000 
Braque 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
Leon Loan Payable 
-22,500,000 
-22,500,000 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
. 
500,000 
32.73 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamond - Insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
Fine Art Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques 8 Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 10,550,000 17,400,000 
EFTA00811485

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811486.pdf
----------------------------------------
313 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
PAY TO THE 
ORDER OF 
University of Arizona Foundation 
Fifty Thousand and 00/100 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
COMPANY AMERICAS 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 10154 
1-103/210 
4/18/2017 
$ 6'50,000.00 
Ittr***Millikinbinfilni.A************40/********Orde*******Ontrilitimilk 
MINS 
University of Arizona Foundation 
Center for Consciousness Studies 
Faculty Office Building 220 
1609 N Warren Suite 105B 
MEMO 
Tucson, AZ 85719 
e000 3 /30 CO 2 100 10 3 
OS mai 29593 240 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
University of Arizona Foundation 
4/18/2017 
DOLLARS I 
313 
50,000 00 
DB 42959324 
50,000 00 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
University of Arizona Foundation 
4/18/2017 
313 
50.000 00 
DB 42959324 
50,000.00 
nDFLUXE CO2I 
1.800.328.0O4 
CBD076 5760601 02/22/2016 15'00 115 
EFTA00811486
--- PAGE 2 ---
a 
cn 
a 
£6t6 E66Z 6811. 
-o 
m * 
q 
O 
rn 
xi 
-c  -1
co 
co
 73-0 
co 
m 
co 
P:r 
Z_
—i cm 
C-
ia 
cn co 
i: 
m 
cn Z 
zQ 
rrl 
0) 
0) a 
CO
Om 
5•62,CFC653O 
After printing this label: 
1. Use the 'Print' button on this page to print your label to your laser or inkjet printer. 
2. Fold the printed page along the horizontal line. 
3. Place label in shipping pouch and affix it to your shipment so that the barcode portion of the label can be read and scanned. 
Warning: Use only the printed original label for shipping. Using a photocopy of this label for shipping purposes is fraudulent and could result in 
additional billing charges, along with the cancellation of your FedEx account number. 
Use of this system constitutes your agreement to the service conditions in the current FedEx Service Guide, available onmill 
will 
not be responsible for any claim In excess of S100 per package, whether the result of loss, damage, delay, nondelivery, 
e ivery,or 
misinformation, unless you declare a higher value. pay an additional charge, document your actual loss and file a timely claimlimitations found 
in the current FedEx Service Guide apply. Your right to recover from FedEx for any loss, including intrinsic value of the package, loss of sales, 
income interest, profit. attorneys fees, costs, and other forms of damage whether direct, incidental.consequential, or special is limited to the 
greater of S100 or the authorized declared value. Recovery cannot exceed actual documented loss.Maximum for items of extraordinary value is 
$1,000, e.g. jewelry, precious metals, negotiable instruments and other items listed in our ServiceGuide. Written claims must be filed within strict 
time limits, see current FedEx Service Guide. 
EFTA00811487

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811488.pdf
----------------------------------------
I is I AU U.dIUJ 
CU leg IlliDe Ut414 /JUJU I al Pallet I /a UUULIAJU 
CT 
Invoice 
Bebe Avdiu 
Danes K. lodyke, PLC 
575 Lexington Ave El 4 
New York NY 10022.8148 
MEMO 
il=• 
QUESTIONS? CET IN TOUCH: 
Michael Knit 
MCCUCOUR 
BiVOCt OAR 
Phone: I8001522-5183 
18519372-RI 
04127117 
'Federal Tax ION 5100065221 
ORDER NUMBER 
OMR OAT( 
10457450 SO 
0010117 
CIEMMMREAMMX-1 
NY NP Oval 
C0S MO SWAM 
1444471 
CeSI0MERMItINKE - 2 
RIONSODIT 
Bite AvS 
MOM COI 
$575.50 
Pape 1 al 2 
EDUCATION ADVANCE ICA) 
Tenths 
SERVICE CHARGES 
DISBURSEMENTS 
AMOUNT DUE 
Outhfitalion • Not for Profit Ring • New York 
226.00 
Cert Copy of Appicatice Certificate of Authority. New York • 
82.00 
Certificate of Status•Domestic • California 
0.00 
Priority Handling 
73.00 
Disbarsemans - 
Cart Copy of Appletalk., Certificate of Authority • New York ' 
10.00 
°unification • NP Fee • New York 
135.00 
Certificate of Status-Domestic • California • 
5.00 
Certificate of Status•Dcmestic • Over-the-Counter California • 
10.00 
24-Hour • Expedite • 24 hr • New York 
25.00 
SUBTOTAL 
381.00 
185.00 
566.00 
Tax 
Taxes on Thinkable services 
'whims subject to fax 
9.50 
To pey by Ink demi awl WW1 Cat swt with yew polymer. 
For mopes add, tit Meow Ceellitte Novelty somber. itoleieg the two chataden 
followleg the Invoke punier. on Ile the& 
Wire Wreaker CTCopyyytton.tteMAT 
SENO PAYMENTS TO: 
CT Ceiponan 
PO Box 4349 
Cain Sum 160197.4349 
'MCI KUSER 
UN ICE CACI 
Pay online at CTCorporation.comlpay 
16519372-RI 
04(27117 
VISA 
CUST0MERINUSER 
 maw 0te 
1444471 
5575.50 
Babe Avdiu 
Darren K. Indyke, PLI.0 
Due Upon Receipt 
575 Lexington Ave fl 4 
New York NY 10022.6146 
Payment of this invoice constitutes your acceptance of the forms and conditions on the reverse hereof 
402 1 00001'444471 16519372 8273 000057550 10457450 8379 5 
EFTA00811488
--- PAGE 2 ---
lib I Alf 6.4W kl1164 164bb 62424/MIA 
INSISblh ULM WM 
CT 
Invoice 
Bebe Aydn 
Darren K 
PLLC 
575 Lexington Ave Fl 4 
New York NY 10022 6146 
IUM:Ct /LIMBER 
16519372•RI 
DASD( OE, F 
04/7117 
°EDER ',MEER 
ORM DAN 
AIEDUNT 
10:57450 SO 
04119117 
DUE 
5575.50 
Page 2 of 2 
SUMMARY 
Service Champs 
381.00 
Oisbortenents 
185.00 
Saks Tax 
9.50 
Total Saving on this Invoice 
456.00 
TOTAL AMOUNT DUE 
8575.50 
EFTA00811489

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811490.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
4/30/2017 
EFTA00811490
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - APRIL 30, 2017 
3/31/17 
4/30/17 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
110,396,021 
121,833,887 
11,437,866 
Fixed Income 
75,106,683 
75,508,486 
401,803 
Equities 
83,337,233 
84,663,760 
1,326,526 
Equity ETF's 
3,037,200 
3,064,200 
27,000 
Options 
574,280 
226,206 
(348,074) 
Hedge Funds 
72,702,058 
71,500,131 
(1,201,927) 
Investments 
47,006,000 
52,506,000 
5,500,000 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
26,600,000 
26,600,000 
-
Loans Receivable 
9,632,446 
9,632,446 
-
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
17,400,000 
9,400,000 
-8,000,000 
Total Assets 
445,791,921 
454,935,115 
9,143,194 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
Leon loan via BJAV to Plan D LLC 
8,000,000 
STC Fee - Leon 
8,000,000 
King Street Audit Holdback - Haze 
2,137,874 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions - per brokerage stmts 
396,000 
King Street - Sale from Special Fund - Haze 
169,229 
DIS - sold 1000 shares Enhanced DB 
114,120 
Enhanced - Education Advance 
(50,000) 
New Mexico RE Taxes 
(55,770) 
Gratitude - Univerity of Arizona / Science of Consciousness 
(100,000) 
Miscellaneous 
(100,087) 
ING - bought 25000 shares - STC ML 
(373,500) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,200,000) 
Valar III Capital Call 4 
(2,500,000) 
Valar III Capital Call 5 
(3,000,000) 
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50 000 
11,437,866 
EFTA00811491
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
ID 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Stanley 
Merrill 
Parttrade 
Totals 
Cash 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
35,509.685 
715,889 
300,000 
713,630 
14,096,741 
51,335,925 
Southern Financial LLC 
29,263.589 
51,682 
29.315.271 
Haze Trust 
25,494,432 
25,494,432 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
1.142608 
78,918 
2,935,739 
4.155265 
JEE 
4,152,209 
711 057 
456,765 
5320,031 
Jeepers Inc. 
1.472,438 
8,876 
t481,314 
LSJE LLC 
345,807 
542,943 
249,255 
1,138,005 
JEGE Inc. 
983,188 
963,188 
Southern Country International LTD 
455,022 
455,022 
Maple Inc. 
354,415 
354,415 
JEGE LLC 
299,961 
299.961 
Zaro Ommlopment Corp I Management LLC 
269.845 
269,845 
Neptune LLC 
250.390 
250.390 
Plan D LLC 
247,335 
247,335 
NES LLC 
179.047 
179,047 
Enhanced Education 
23,075 
117,126 
140,201 
Hyperion Air LLC 
100.592 
100.592 
Thomas World Air LLC 
76,077 
76.077 
JEE - Pads (US S) 
67,608 
67.606 
Cypress Inc. 
48,036 
48.036 
Nautilus Inc. 
42,859 
42,859 
FT Real Estate 
42.299 
42.299 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
23,112 
23,112 
Michelles Transportation Co LLC 
13,573 
13,573 
Great St Jim LLC 
8,877 
8,877 
LSJ LLC 
5,150 
5,150 
Laurel Inc. 
4,220 
4,220 
FSF LLC 
937 
937 
IGO Company LLC 
690 
690 
The JEE Life Ins Trust #3 
206 
206 
Mort Inc 
Butterfly Trust 
Total Cash 
99,714,414 
3,248,056 
824,371 
249,255 
3,649,369 14,096,741 51,682 121,833,887 
EFTA00811492
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
3/31/17 
4/30/17 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 
3,000 000 
3,337,958 
3,207,500 
3,135,000 
-202,958 
1paymont Inc 10.25% 5/15/2018 
10/02/12 
500,000 
485,566 
454,361 
523.490 
37,924 
JPM Tr Fit Rate Income Fund 
01122(13 238.788.480 
2,392,852 
2,249,429 
2,256.551 
-136,301 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/28/14 
49,033.00 
1,180,739 
3,670,430 
1,269,955 
3,910,045 
1,260,638 
3,881.361 
79,899 
210,931 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/29/14 
150,967.00 
Citibank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000.00 
999 419 
238.070 
2.326 550 
327.131 
Total Haze Trust- Fixed Income (DB) 
13,066,965 
13,329,360 
13,383,690 
316,625 
Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
JPM Trust FLT RT Income fund 
02/13/13 178,878.055 
1.789.537 
iaig,g§a
j.anai§
2i,ia 
1,685,062 
1,690,398 
-99,139 
Total Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,789,537 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Western Digital Corp 7.375% Matures 4-1-2023 
06/09/16 
2,000,000 
?.083.319 
2.266.250 
2.201.882 
na.a%3 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
2,083.319 
2.266,250 
2,201,812 
118,663 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
Nationwide Society 6.875% GBP callable 6/20/2019 
4/15114 
2,000,000 
3.439.193 
2.573 558 
736.380 
-702.813 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fired Income (DB) 
3,439,193 
2,573,558 
2,736,380 
-702,813 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Monti!) 
Allergen mandatory convert/Me weltered 5.5%31112018 
08/15/16 
1,000.000 
881,500 
848,430 
866,780 
-15,720 
LSCCOM 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
26,250.000 
2,859,332 
2,839,457 
2,74gg 
-112,901 
Frontier Communications 10.5%9/152022 
11/9/16 
4.000.000 
4,160,000 
4.050,000 
4,0 
-140,000 
Kindred Healthcare 7.25% 1/15/2020 STC ML 
10/13/16 
3,000 000 
1,00400 
125 750 
'001'153 
11,928,332 
3,099 417 
5771014 
11,414,303 
3,128(2 07:1
11,371,378 
417 
-330knia 
-556,954 
lava mandatory converUble proffered 7.0%12/1512016 
08/15/16 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
Southern Trust Ca - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Charles Schwab 6.0% Preferred $25 par 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,067,200 
1,096,000 
96,000 
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred $25 par 
08/04/16 
8.000 
200,000 
170,800 
172,640 
-27,360 
Wells Fargo 5.7% Preferred $25 par 
1/19/16 
120.000 
3,000,000 
3,020,400 
3,062.800 
52.800 
Ebay 6% Preferred $25 par matures 2-1-2056 
2/22/16 
80,000 
2,000,000 
2,115,200 
2,120,800 
120,800 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
8/16/16 
500,000 
500,000 
516,833 
522.750 
22,750 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 
2,500,000 
2,623,122 
2,581,000 
2,610.781 
-12,341 
Royal Bans Scotland 7.64% Fixed to 9-29-2017 then 3M Libor *232bp 
11/10/15 
5,000,000 
5,298,817 
4,672,500 
4.700.083 
-598,734 
Goldman Sachs 5.375% Fixed to 5-10.2020 then 392.2 over 3 ny fiber 
6/4/15 
5,000,000 
5,034,346 
5,217,760 
5310,560 
3.188.913 
276 314 
thi.0.911 
Capkal One 5.55% Fixed to 9.1-2020 then 380 over 3 motor 
5/14/15 
3.000.000 
3.009.819 
3.168.000 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
22,666,104 
22,529,693 
22,776,427 
109,322 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
Bank of America 8.125% Pfd Dec 29 2049 
1(10/11 
2,000,000 
055,000 
2,146,389 
2,169,479 
114,479 
Bardays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/10/2023 
4/3/13 
300,000 
300,000 
325,819 
315,974 
15,974 
Ciligroup Inc - Series 05.95% 
8/6/15 
3,000,000 
3,000,006 
3,150,309 
3,191,988 
191,982 
General Bectric Co GTD Fixed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
12(3/15 
2,469,000 
2,175,016 
2,454,872 
2,478259 
303,243 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500.000 
2,687,500 
2,672,917 
2,612,500 
-75,000 
JP Morgan Chase 8 Co Pfd 7.9% Apri 30 2049 
6/15(11 
2,500,000 
2,675,000 
2,672,917 
2,612,500 
-62,500 
LBO Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5/21/13 
1.903.000 
1,948,500 
2,014,199 
2.063.566 
115.066 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3,000,000 
2,995,764 
3,331,250 
387,604 
391,840 
GMAC Cap TR I GTD Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80.000 
1.812.774 
2034.400 
236 8110 
154 026
1,149,109 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
19,719,660 
20,803,072 
20,868,669 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
Biwa/0 
Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 d CBI var 7/26/2033 
11/19/13 
568.995 
924.312 
505.385 
480783 
45.373 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fired Income (DB) 
435,387 
505,385 
480,763 
45,376 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
76,128,397 76,106,683 76,608,488 
380,089 
Note - Accrued interest has been Included In month end fixed Income values 
EFTA00811493
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
3/31/17 
4/30/17 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Data 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LW - Equities (DB) 
Akom Inc. 
8/10/15 
5,000 
234,206 
120,400 
187,250 
436.956 
Alibaba Group 
6/10/15 
5,000 
444,749 
539,150 
577,500 
132751 
Allianz SE ADR 
4/13/15 
6000 
90,056 
92,650 
95.045 
4989 
Apple Inc 
9/5/14 
64,000 
6,33Z800 
9,194,240 
9,193,600 
2,860,800 
11,162,494 
Apple Inc 
1/11/16 
250,000 
24,750,008 
35,915,000 
35,912,500 
Apollo Global Management 
3/31/11 
263,157 
4,999,983 
6,399,978 
7,044,713 
2,044,730 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. (Formerly Dress Barn 1.3.11) 
1/16/01 
70,500 
1,500,000 
300,330 
275.655 
-1,224,345 
Avalanche Blotechnologles now called Adverum Blotedinologles 
4/20/15 
10,000 
398,606 
27,000 
28,500 
-370,106 
BASF ADR 
4/13/15 
5,000 
508,056 
495,875 
486.430 
-21,626 
Bank of New York Mellon 
6/25/14 
250.000 
9,078,406 
11,807,500 
11,765.000 
2,688,594 
Biogen Wee Inc 
2/14/12 
2.095 
250,455 
572,815 
568.185 
317,730 
Bloveratiy Inc 
2/1/17 
1,047 
20,254 
57,020 
61,574 
41,320 
Centene Corp 
918/14 
986,497 
108 093 
'317:450 
156,920 
170,423 
Dish Network Corp 
6/10/15 
5.600
550
384,978 
322.200 
-42,778 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
17,500 
665,000 
2,485,875 
2,629,375 
1,964,375 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/16/14 
49,830 
1,265,037 
1,607,018 
1,798.965 
533,928 
General Motors Co 
12/9/10 
97,525 
3,585,947 
3,448,484 
3,378,266 
-207,681 
General Electric Co 
4/23/13 
23,000 
496,109 
685,400 
666,777 
170,668 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
2/5/14 
5,000 
396,407 
339,600 
342,750 
-53,657 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
3/7/14 
3,100 
248,797 
210,552 
212,505 
-34,292 
Glaxo Smith Kline PLC 
6/10/15 
5,000 
215,006 
210,800 
204 500 
-10,506 
Global Partner Acquisition Corp 
7/3&15 
2,000 
20,000 
19,600 
19,700 
-300 
GoDaddy Inc. 
4/1/15 
700 
14,000 
26.530 
27,244 
13,244 
Match 
11/19/15 
200 
400 
3266
,
3,726 
1,326 
Mobileye NV Amstelyeen Ord Shares 
8/1/14 
800 
20',000 
49,120 
49,536 
29,538 
Square 
11/19/15 
200 
1,800 
456 
3,648 
1,848 
-lam 
Sangamo Biosciences Inc 
5/28/13 
50,000 
422,214 
2661,000 
240.000 
Santander Consumer USA 
1/28/14 
1,000 
24,000 
13,320 
12,740 
-11,260 
Terraform Global 
7/31/15 
400 
6,000 
1,920 
1,900 
-4 100 
_ _. 
Twitter Inc 
11/7/13 
1,500 
39,000 
22,426 
24.720 
-14,280 
Viacom Inc 
6/10/15 
5,000 
338,745 
233,100 
212,800 
-125,945 
Volkswagen AG 
4113/15 
5,000 
254,306 
149,950 
160.800 
-93,506 
VVisdombee Investments Inc 
3/31(15 
15000 
- 
19,476,297 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
58,293,977 76,854,117 77,770,274 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
Barclays PLC ADR 
7/18/16 
100,000 
805,096 
1,124,000 
1,081.000 
275,904 
Credit Suisse Group 
7/18/16 
100,000 
1,137,626 
1,484,000 
1,526.000 
388 374 
ZTO Express 
10/27/16 
3,500 
68.259 
45.815. 
48755 
-19,495 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stank ) 
2,010,972 
2,663,816 
2,655,755 
644,783 
Southern Trust Co. • Equities (Merrill) 
ING 
4/4/17 
25,000 
373.54
- 
407 000 
33,500 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
373,600 
407,000 
33,500 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morqa 
Colony Capital->Colony Northslar Inc. 
9/26/16 
73,315 
928,837 
946,497 
958,227 
29,391 
Sequential Brands 
9/23/16 
50.000 
402,134 
194,500 
168,500 
-233.634 
ZTO Express 
10/27/16 
1,150 
22,425 
15,054 
16,020 
-6,406 
Bank of America 
3/2/16 
7,500 
100,825 
176,295 
175,050 
74.225 
Editas Medicine 
3/2/16 
3,200 
102,199 
71,424 
60.320 
41,879 
Tencent Holdings 
7/18/16 
50,000 
lfz
ijilat_1-441.492 
1/¢2,22Q 
403.738 
Total Gratitude America, LTD- Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,72fl82 
2,846,769 
2,945,617 
225,434 
J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DS) 
Bristol Myers Squkb 
10/30(15 
5,000 
334,712 
271,900 
280,250 
-54,462 
Disney 
10/30/15 
456,040 
566,950 
462.400 
6,360 
Pfizer Inc 
10/30Al5
0 
145.028
jjlEa
lgZag
2N2a
935,780 
982,532 
885,114 
- 
-50,666 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
64,334,411 83,337,233 84,663,760 20,329,348 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity E 
s (DB) 
Wisdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/13 
000 
2556.555
5.55Zill2
LO59.255 
ift-Utl 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETPS (DB) 
2,966,099 
3,037,200 
3,064,200 
98,101 
Southern Trust Co. - Options (Merrill Lynch) 
AAPL May 19 2017 150 Cans 
3/29/17 
2.500 
502,500 
432,576 
184,686 
-317,814 
ILI • al h eshotall Imo See WO nen is 
assm • TAP maims knedi ito 
12(9/16 
604,174 
250.008 
14U0k 
4131k 
-208,481, 
-526,294 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Options (Merrill Lynch) 
notional 
752,500 
574,E80 
226,206 
EFTA00811494
--- PAGE 6 ---
3/31/17 
4130/17 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financia ISFLLC) 
Mild 10mm sins 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
990 912 
217 785 
0.50% 
2.98% added Sem 3/31/16 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
44,990,912 
45,217,785 
wihd,w lomm til0f17 
total Invest:madOforn 
2016 Mum 3.77% 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
King Street 
5.753.576 
3.446.473 
0.00% 
0.00% 2011/17 paid to Oat': 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
5,753,576 
3,446,473 
4/27/16 $.967,43400 
7/27/16 6.102,324 paid 
2017. april Mum 
10127116 6.18001 P•11 
of capital of 
1f27/17 3.994,644 paid 
2.307,103 
2016 rotas 4.60% 
Hedge Funds-STC 
Honeycomb 
957 570 
835 873 
4.00% 
13.60% added 2Dmm 931116 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
21,957,570 
22,835,873 
2016 mum 0.4a% 
Total Hedge Funds 
72,702,058 
71,500,131 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
Kyara I (repaid 100 cost + 201k profit 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
250,000 
Kyara III -> 483,915 repaid 8/5/2015 
Kyara IV (Investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment (grat at cost) 
11,250,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000.000 
sic 
Adfin Solutions (investment amount) 
875,000 
buttwfly trust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston, NJ 
3,000.000 
Coinbase 
STC 
3,001,000 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Valor Global Fund II (investment amount - 16mm committment) 
13,650,000 
Valor Global Fund III (investment amount - 25mm committment) 
10,750,000 
Totals 
I 
11,250,000 
3,000,000 28,775,000 
3,001,000 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
52,506,000 
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles a Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
2,500,000 
2,500,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
6,500,000 
6,500,000 
1988 Boeing 727 N908JE 
250,000 
Plan D LLC 
250,000 
2008 G550 
15,750,000 
15,750,000 
Automobiles 
900,000 
900.000 
Boats 
700,000 
700,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
2,500,000 
6,500,000 
250,000 17,350,000 26,600,000 
EFTA00811495
--- PAGE 7 ---
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
STC 
FIRE 
Totals 
Oficeivable 
100,000 
100,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Karyna 
350,000 
350,000 
Nick Ribis 
75,000 
75,000 
Larry / Eileen Visoski 
225,000 
225,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
1,500,000 
David Mitchell 
1,500,000 
302,000 
302.000 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
3,750,000 
3,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
Lesley 
200,000 
200,000 
Cecile 
50,000 
50,000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
LV Home & Other 
1,300,000 
1,300,000 
525.000 
525,000 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,697,446 
4,950,000 
50,000 1,935,000 
9,632,446 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques 8 Jewelry 
haze trust 
Giacometti 
25,000,000 
25,000,000 
Braque 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
-30,500,000 
-30,500,000 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
32.73 Cwrot Emerald Cut Diamond - Insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
Fine Art Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques 8, Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 33,050,000 
9,400,000 
EFTA00811496

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811497.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Welts 
Morgan 
ro 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Stanley 
Merrill 
Amanda 
Totals 
Cash 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
35,509.685 
715.869 
300.000 
713,630 
14,096,741 
51,335.925 
Southern Financial LLC 
29,263.589 
51,682 
29.315271 
Haze Trust 
25,4941,432 
25,494,432 
4,155285 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
1,142.808 
76.91r 
2.935,739 
JEE 
4,152,209 
711057 
456,765 
5,320,031 
Jeepers Inc. 
1,472,438 
8876 
1.481.314 
LSJE LLC 
345,807 
542,943 
249,255 
1,138.005 
JEGE Inc. 
963,188 
963,188 
Southern Country International LTD 
455,022 
455,022 
Maple Inc. 
354,415 
354.415 
JEGE LLC 
299.961 
299,961 
ZC4TO 
Corp/ Maregenonl LLC 
269,845 
269.845 
Neptune L C 
250.390 
250.390 
Plan D LLC 
247 335 
247.335 
179.047 
NES LLC 
179:047 
Enhanced Education 
23,075 
117,126 
140,201 
Hyperion Air LLC 
100,592 
100.592 
Thomas World Air LLC 
76,077 
76.077 
67.606 
JEE • Paris ( 
5) 
67,606 
Cypress Inc. 
48,036 
48.036 
Nautilus Inc. 
42.859 
42,859 
FT Real Estate 
42.299 
42.299 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
23,112 
23.112 
Michelles Transportation Co LLC 
13.573 
13.573 
Great St Jim LLC 
8,877 
8.877 
LSJ LLC 
5.150 
5.150 
Laurel Inc. 
4,220 
4,220 
FSF LLC 
937 
937 
IGO Company LLC 
690 
690 
The JEE Life Ins Trust 03 
206 
206 
Mort Inc 
Butterfly Trust 
Total Cash 
99,714,414 
3,248,056 
824,371 
249,255 
3,649,369 14,096,741 51,682 121,833,887 
EFTA00811497

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811498.pdf
----------------------------------------
international jet 
.
.
S 
MI 
SMITHTOWN MENUS. LOTTO ISLAND MACARTHUR AIRPORT. RONKONKOMA. NEW YORK 11779 
631 737 5900 P 
631.737 1249 P 
wwitintlutt cum 
May 19. 2017 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Plan D, LLC 
6100 Red Hood Quarters 83 
St Thomas USVI 00802 
Proposal ER017007R6 
Gulfstream 550, 
Serial No. 5173, 
Registration No. N415LNI 
Dear Jeffrey. 
Thank you for the opportunity to present our revised proposal to refurbish your Gulfstream 550. 
We pride ourselves on being a distinctive, custom refurbishment center that provides one-on-one 
attention as we produce couture-like craftsmanship for each project we execute. 
We pro-actively communicate with our clients and deliver an extraordinary experience. 
Please review this proposal to ensure that we have identified all the items you would like to have included 
in your work scope. 
We look forward to being of service to you by providing extraordinary personal service and quality 
workmanship at an exceptional value. 
If you have any questions regarding this proposal, please do not hesitate to call me. 
Sincerely, 
Eric H. Roth 
President 
EHR/du 
EFTA00811498
--- PAGE 2 ---
Floor Plan 
Financial Summary: 
$ 347,564 
Proposal (includes $9.000 hangar / ramp cost) 
MATERIAL ALLOWANCES: 
Material Allowances 
Materials included in this proposal are based on the following allowances: 
$ 18.00 per square foot 
$ 18 00 per square foot 
$135.00 per linear yard 
$ 88.00 per linear yard 
$ 88.00 per linear yard 
$300.00 per square yard 
$ 45.00 per square foot 
$ 18.00 per square foot 
Leather (cabin seats, potty's, crew trim) 
Suede Leather (divans) 
Fabric (window line, lower side panels, bulkheads) 
Fabric (headliner) 
Grospoint (baggage and closets) 
Carpet (floor covering) 
Wood Veneer 
Solid Surface (Conan or equal) 
EFTA00811499
--- PAGE 3 ---
COCKPIT AREP 
208 
Crew Seats $8,860 
The crew seats will be stripped of existing materials. The seats will be function-checked for proper 
operation. The customer will be notified of any additional costs required to repair or replace broken 
parts for approval. The cushions, arm rests and related sections will be upholstered with customer-
approved material on the bottom and back cushions. The existing seat and shoulder harness 
assemblies will receive new color-coordinating webbing using the existing hardware. 
209 
Control Column Boots $1,460 
Fabricate and install new control column boots in leather to color coordinate. 
ENTRYWAY AREA 
304 
Entry Door Almtalr Treatment $ 4,580 
The steps and risers will be stripped and recovered in a similar, color coordinating rubber tread 
material. 
314 
Forward Lavatory Potty Seat & Shroud $2,533 
The forward lavatory potty seat and surround(s) will be stripped and upholstered with customer-
approved leather. 
320 
Jump Seat $6,740 
The pull out jump seat will be stripped of existing materials. The seat will be function-checked for 
proper operation. The customer will be notified of any additional costs required to repair or replace 
broken parts for approval. The cushions, arm rests and related sections will be upholstered with 
customer-approved material. The existing seat and shoulder harness assemblies will receive new 
color-coordinated webbing using the existing hardware. 
325 
Floor Covering (Entryway) $1,272 
A 100% wool custom carpet will be fitted, cut and installed for the entry floor. One (1) entry area 
throw mat will be cut, serged and provided. 
MAIN CABIN AREA 
409 
Lower Side Panels $14,730 
The main cabin area lower side panels will be stripped and laminated with 0.125- foam as required. 
The panels will be covered in customer-approved material. 
415 
Mid Cabin Curtain $5,570 
The mid cabin curtain will be replaced using the existing retaining system. Fabricate two (2) new 
curtains with customer-approved fabric. 
417 
Aft Cabin Curtain $2,580 
The aft cabin will be replaced. Fabricate one (1) curtain with customer-approved material The 
curtain will be retained through use of rare earth magnets and an embedded metal strip in the 
curtain to keep the curtain tight against the bulkhead. 
420 
Cabin Single Seats $122,106 
The eight (8) 16g cabin single chairs will be stripped of existing materials. The chair frames will be 
cleaned and exposed areas will be prepped and painted to match the dress cover material. 
Cushions will be fabricated with multiple density DAX foam to coordinate with the upholstery design.
The cushions, arm rests and related parts will be upholstered in customer-approved leather. The 
EFTA00811500
--- PAGE 4 ---
existing seat belts will receive new color-coordinated webbing using the existing hardware. Seats 
will be fire blocked as per Item 803 of this proposal. The two (2) aft cabin chairs will be styled 
differently than the forward four cabin chairs. The R/H & UH #3 seats will not be reinstalled. 
Note: 
Cabin seats will be removed and functionally tested for proper operation, and the 
customer notified of any discrepancies identified and options for repairs. 
420 
Cabin Single Seats $ 27,610 
The #2 R/H and #2 UH 16g chairs will be modified to incorporate recliner footrests in accordance 
with manufacturer's Service Bulletin for 16g certification. 
-2- Base Assemblies 
-2- Base Shrouds 
-2- Seat Frame Shroud Assemblies 
-2- Legrest Assemblies 
-2- Swivel Stops 
-2- Spring Assemblies (Arms to be reworked) 
-2 Recline Levers 
-1- Service Bulletin 
422 
Divan(s) 43,190 
The two (2) mid cabin 16g divan(s) will be stripped of existing materials. Cushions will be fabricated 
with multiple density DAX foam to coordinate with the upholstery design. The cushions, center arm 
rests (if any). and related parts, will be upholstered in customer-approved suede. The existing seat 
and shoulder harness belts will receive new color-coordinated webbing using the existing hardware. 
Seating will be fire blocked as per Item 803 of this proposal. 
423 
Divan End Arm Cabinets 54,392 
New. taller fwd and aft divan end arm rest pads will be fabricated and upholstered in the same 
suede as the divan. 
424 
Credenza $ 2,560 
Fabricate one (1) new padded leather credenza cover to replace existing. 
425 
Floor Covering (Main Cabin) $27,923 
A 100% wool custom carpet will be fitted, cut and installed throughout the main cabin to include 
seat bases and side heat ducts. All unfinished edges will be serged as required or aesthetically 
pleasing. One (1) set of throw mats for the main cabin seating areas will be cut, serged and 
provided. 
GALLEY AREA 
502 
Aft R/H Galley $2,870 
Replace the see through plexiglass doors in the upper hutch with new composite door sliders 
laminated in wood veneer. Finish wood veneer in a high build finish. 
503 
Aft UH Galley 52,320 
Replace the see through plexiglass doors in the upper hutch with new composite door sliders 
laminated in wood veneer. Finish wood veneer in a high build finish. 
626 
Floor Covering (Galley) $636 
A decorative vinyl flooring (TBD) will be fitted, cut and installed in the aft galley area. 
EFTA00811501
--- PAGE 5 ---
AFT LAVATORY AREA 
606 
Aft Lavatory Potty Seat & Shroud $2,980 
The aft lavatory potty seat and surround(s) will be stripped and upholstered with customer-
approved leather. 
625 
Floor Covering (Aft Lavatory) $848 
A 100% wool custom carpet will be fitted, cut and installed in the aft lavatory. All unfinished edges 
will be serged as required or aesthetically pleasing. 
801 
Incoming Inspection! Remove Interior $5,490 
Prior to any work being performed on the aircraft after its arrival, the interior will be evaluated as it 
relates to the Work Scope. Cabin lighting. cabinetry. seating, and other interior furnishings will be 
function-checked prior to removal of the interior. All items of damage or any discrepancies-
including flight squawks reported by the flight crew, will be listed and a plan of action determined. 
All interior furnishings and components will be removed as required to facilitate the Work Scope. 
802 
Install Interior / Detail Interior $7,610 
All equipment and/or furnishings included in this Work Scope that have been removed, refurbished. 
fabricated new, and / or procured for this aircraft will be installed. 
803 
Fire Blocking $41,960 
The belted aircraft cushions will be 'fire blocked to comply with F.A.R. 25.853 (c) Appendix F. 
Part II. FAA conformity and burn test procedures will be performed. An approved FAA Form 
8110-3 certifying compliance will be provided. Price includes two (2) dress cover materials for the 
seats and one (1) dress cover material for the divan. 
804 
Composite Bum Certification $5,044 
All materials as required will be tested to comply with FAR. 25.853 (a) Amdt. 25-116 Appendix F 
Part I (a) (1) (ii). FM conformity and burn test procedures will be performed. Provide approved 
FAA Form(s) 8110-3 certifying compliance. 
808 
Placards $0 
Affected areas of the aircraft interior will be placarded in accordance with applicable Federal 
Aviation Regulations. All placards unless specified otherwise will be self-adhesive type and in the 
English language. 
829 
Engineering / Certification $1,700 
Modifications to the aircraft, including newly designed and installed interior furnishings will all be 
engineered to meet the appropriate Federal Aviation Regulations. This work will be approved by a 
Designated Engineering Representative(s) of the F.A.A. and approved on FM Form 8110.3 and 
FAA Form 337. 
Total Cost for these Items....$ 347,664 
Authorized Acceptance: 
for 
Plan D, LLC 
Date 
1000 _CH 
S
EDULE 
. _ 
1001 
Schedule 
waiss
a.tioit.s.tte:0.0„0;ciai_taLs. 
The schedule is dependent upon electod wnrk e_rnpeandlea
to recur materials
cS . 
4(42 4:;,...fir Li ct; etkcptS, 
r•nmmArrp hi 
n and required engineering 
e Estimated 
.,,,,,- p a ;i1 u v .c.
down time is ten (10) weeks (May 19", - July 30°12017.)
«
t
tatak
c.... 
EFTA00811502
--- PAGE 6 ---
PROPOSAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
101 
Work Scope 
These specifications are for the anticip ted work to be performed in the refurbishment as outlined 
within. The quoted price(s) include all  rteiwitiwbeck items to enable the specified installations to 
perform their intended function based orrrs specithition. 
Change Orders 
Yea. 'Matti 
Plana
(  tai f :
If Customer requests ch 
es to the work scope as outlined herein or discrepancy repair con 
are found, Customer wi be provided with a Change Order or such other pricing summary as Crbcs ron dos
International Jet Interiors ay deem appropriate. The Change Order / similar will state the change 
vibtstcv-sor. 
or addition to the scope of work and will inform Customer of the impact this change has to price 
Ira i"efti.54 
and the estimated delivery date. The Change Order(s) will reference and amend this Proposal. erica 1•A
ustomer will be required to sign the Change Order(s) before the work scope change or additional 
a‘diew 
work will begin. Any delay in Customer signing the Change Order / similar may result in a minimum 
of one (1) additional day added to the estimated delivery date for each day the Change Order 
mains unsigned and unretumed to International Jet Interiors. 
102 
aboutlea, k 
sl-tuwwit 
/Vial-- 
19~
mt. 0 e • 
te.: 134/
er SCLEetiolig3
AtiCk 14.
St ac{  k ar , 
61:17t: e 1,4. .1 
ttF.J4C 
ree 
ke Mewls 
pu 
y14
scl.. a At • 3 
Ca ItO tog X.TI 
ire t.d a QS 
toys ow 
Cleanvo 
pro u 
u_lojs(.._ 
-.)0.JeS1 er4-r-te 4.0a414-4-e ttAtics•- 
Incoming Evaluation 
Prior to any work being performed on the aircraft after its arrival, the interior will be evaluated as it 
relates to the Work Scope. Cabin lighting, cabinetry, seating and other interior furnishings will be 
function checked prior to removal of the interior. All items of damage or any discrepancies, including 
flight squawks reported by the flight crew, will be lipted qnd a plan 9f action determines etateLO I." 40 r.felted 
easCit. 6Ntr to VALQ 11 caLiat.e.e. LA .Jr.
•^5 No.( Cu ci-owter 
41.413e` I° '- 
( 
This Proposal does not include repairs to the Aircraft resulting from discrepancies in thjet:c ara: 
Correction of Discrepancies 
discovered during the performance of the agreed Work Scope. Correction of discrepancies 
pursuant to this provision will be preceded in writing by an International Jet Interiors Change Order, 
submitted for Customer approval with an estimate of cost and time delay in delivery, if any. 
A4• 0,.d. 
4-i ovearkt, 4•• t r e- t rar atscct i,x1- frO Work 
1/414eg 
107 
\Representation / Access PoSr4cm`c••••- 
a 
.• 1 
1,wit 
efKa 
s.l. Wavle- kano.ArieriJ 
eXhe customer's representatives will have access to the premises during regular working hours in 
order to inspect the aircraft, check the results of the work performed, and investigate the progress 
of the work. 
„Ott, 
ase, 
108 
Documentation / Federal Aviation Administration Acceptance 
-Dpae-rwi 
-ten,40-(c,% 
All installations will be made in accordance with specifications stated herein and wit be FAA 
S1/4-in `a 
approved by FAA Form 337 or other form of Federal Aviation Administration approval in compliance 
with applicable FAA regulations. It is the intent of International Jet Interiors to approve modifications 
utilizing FAA Form 337 unless otherwise stated and this work has been quoted predicated upon 
this assumption. If a 337 approval is unacceptable to the FM, an STC may be required. The 
additional cost and downtime for certification effort required to generate an STC is not included in 
this proposal and will be quoted separately subject to Customer approval. 
The following documentation will be supplied by International Jet Interiors upon delivery of the 
aircraft where applicable to installations and modifications performed: 
a. FAA Form 337 covering work accomplished on the aircraft. 
b. A copy of the certification of all fabrics and materials that state that they meet the applicable 
Federal Aviation Administration requirements. 
, 
A 
C . 
eecuw.....4-DA-ro..... (-CAA° ....a-loL (Mu tram(' 
it4--Nike72 
109 
Test Flight(s) 
International Jet Interiors will provide all necessary personnel to perform in flight inspections if 
elected by the customer. The customer will be responsible for all fuel, pilots, oil, and related 
EFTA00811503
--- PAGE 7 ---
j. 
CA•ichwt
reass• Wi t-
t de.-Fersomes 
operating expenses to perform test flights. The test flight(s) will be limited to thos necessary,tio 
evaluate the installations and modifications made by International Jet Interiors. 
L or 
pro per cat.r... 
110 
Refurbishment: General 
t"d
c  
44- 
1.4
live—
a. All interior finish items will be selected for durability and ease of maintenance with weight a 
ot r cuss 356 
primary consideration. The interior layout and arrangement, color schemes, and finish material 
selections will be in accordance with the customer approved sample(s) / presentation(s). 
Engineering and the choice of construction materials and fabrication techniques will be the 
responsibility of International Jet Interiors and will be in accordance with the accepted and 
current aircraft procedures and practicesa 10104•0 (La-war-Art stet- c...4-t o. s 
AA 
c" 
OA. oerto....Es 
b. All fabrics and materials not inherent& flame resistant will be treated with a fireproofing 
protection process in accordance with applicable FAA specifications. International Jet Interiors 
will be responsible for flammability testing and certification of materials. 
c. My existing wiring or tubing made obsolete by the Work Scope will be capped and stowed. 
tewilitrusies;LO fir; 
Wiring or tubing removal, if requested by the Customer, will be at an additional chargej: un 
d. Removed equipment that is not to be reinstalled as part of this contract will become the prope 
lens 
?Nahar1 
of International Jet Interiors unless stated othenvis&C,Oka waf 
? 
e. ( 
O ttua, 
matt" 
exterior of the aircraft for general marketing purposes. International Jet 
crized 
to copyright, use and publish the 
and / or electronically and 
will make corn 
sonable efforts to not name the owner(s) and if applicable, lessor(s). 
International Jet Interiors shall have the right to subcontract any portion of the work scopex s object-
This Proposal has been prepared based on customer furnished information, equipment, 
CAA-tome(  S 
furnishings and avionics equipment list(s). It may be subject to change pending review of 
?"•' orittiV 
aircraft specific information including wiring diagrams, avionics software and inspection of app ro" 1 r 
aircraft and interior configuration. This proposal does not include any additional costs which nth si cv C 
may be incurred from service bulletin /mod status upgrades or repairs to units sent out for 
IL cuts c...irnizd 
ti.a. 
modification to return them to serviceability as discovered on incoming bench check. 
nless specifically outlined in this Proposal, pricing does not include relocation of existing 
c o V c.,.(r.clers
s* 
equipment such as antennas, controls etc. to accommodate new components and will be 
$9  t trf 1OaW 
0,..A 
sic 
oted separately subject to Customer approval. 
CUCA01•••Ir 
i. 
This Proposal is contingent upon the Customer supplying, within lead times or upon induction, 
44,ast not-
all avionic, electrical, system, interior or structural drawings, diagrams, analysis and records, anirttly 
which accurately represent the current condition of the aircraft, as approved by the relevant 
:„(
n.
aviation authority, and which are required by International Jet Interiors, Inc. to conduct the work 
scope. If any of the above pertinent data is not available in a timely manner, I.J.I. will re-create 
the missing information as required to support the Work Scope on a time and material charge 
basis to the Customer. Please note that the aircraft schedule and/or downtime 
ay.also be 
adversely affected by lack of this data. C0.,&ra a So v tau 
tta's 01r 
}frattut 4d 
The Customer is responsible for all specific preservation tasks related to the Aircraft, 
engines 
or systems that are required or may become required while the Aircrak  
ro 
, rAior r -ere • 
islinternational Jet 
t 
Interiors facility for the elected work scope. Cart 
,._"" ) : 423 2 v 
01';  
k. This Proposal is contingent on all work being acarrffrolished during a single, coordinated 
-ppaintenance visit. 
• 
106 
Statement of Warranty 
Upon delivery and acceptance of the refurbished aircraft. International Jet Interiors warrants its 
goods and services supplied to be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal 
use for a period of 1,500 aircraft flying hours or three (3) years, whichever occurs first. CcDoes aa
l 
lle
a
dirlia's 
.1...4ceertakai 
L
No Warranty applies to Services related to the refinishing of existing woodwork where the veneer 
is not replaced; previous coating integrity cannot be ensured and is therefore not warrantable. 
EFTA00811504
--- PAGE 8 ---
ma.) 4A-vro- 6 r cc i Pear.sco. s 
F
0-,...1 
International Jet Interiors warrants that the services performed hereunder 
applicable FM regulations in effect as of the date the work is performed (as interpr 
office having jurisdiction over the facility at which the work is performed), and 
defects in workmanship and material. The warranty on all new and used comp 
limited to the warranty provided by the supplying manufacturer or vendor, if any/ This warranty 
does not apply to (i) normal wear and tear, (ii) the consequences of accidents, negligence, abuse 
or misuse, or of repair, removal, reinstallation or alteration other than by International Jet Interiors 
and, (iii) to Customer furnished parts or equipment or to work which, at Customer's direction, was 
not performed in accordance with International Jet Interiors standard operating procedures. The 
sole and exclusive remedy of customer, and International Jet Interiors' sole exclusive 
liability, with respect to this warranty is limited to repair or replacement (at-katentetiervel-det 
-.—.--- - --
Alatevle=eptierd of the nonconforming or defective work or component. Such repair or 
replacement shall be performed at International Jet Interiors facility amd—ettetemer—ehell--be-
respo
spactelierneets. THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF, AND THE 
CUSTOMER HEREBY WAVES, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE. 
Ch-104- Sure. 
how hot Han IS 
LAI I Coo t. r 
a
3siz
o
cv-
4-0 
. 
troy '44 elbaint ;+ 
II comply with st,,,,(4 Le 
ted by the FAA 
Y deity' 
II be free from 
penipr -de 
nerds shall be Ve4..jur-
t Teo t-rs 
LaJarral
4.41. 
In no event shall International Jet Interiors be liable for any special, incidental, consequential and/or 
punitive damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits, loss of goodwill, loss of use, loss of 
time, diminution of value, or inconvenience, even if informed of the possibility of such damages. In 
the event International Jet Interiors physically damages Customer's property. Customer's sole and 
exclusive remedy, and International Jet Interiors' sole and exclusive liability, is limited to the 
air 
or replacement (at Wernetionat-det-fritetiersl-etalist) of the damaged 
.bk.
International Jet Interiors will use reasonable efforts to 
manner. Any completion or promised date is me 
ap fsig International Jet Interiors will not 
C 
v-of
O
r
"
t
i
l
l
,43t 
j.‘ og cs4-41 
Oft s.% n 
e g • 
able to Customer for any failu 
o igat ors under the Agreement or this Pro• 
al due to any cause beyond its reas 
including, without limitation, () governmen embargoes or other governmental act 
with International Jet Interiors' performan' -, (ii) any other acts or failure to act of any govemmen 
including delays, failure, or refusal to g 
t approval(s) by the FAA or other aviation authority, (ix 
blockades, (iv) seizure or freeze of asset (v) fires, earthquakes, floods, severe weather conditions, 
or any other acts of God. (vi) labo strikes or lockout. (vii) riots, strife, insurrection, civil 
disobedience, armed conflict, terrorism, or war (declared or not), or impending threat of any of the 
foregoing if reasonably expected to cause injury to people or property, or (viii) shortages of or 
inability to obtain materials or supplies. 
a raj 
or 
.5 gob col-Sado( 
or 
O4-iter 
curviveri 
14...arto 
in a timely 
and is =IL r<_{-
to meet its 
able control, 
hat interfere 
If the work performed in connection with this is to be performed at International Jet Interiors facility 
in New York. the Agreement and this Proposal shall be subject to and interpreted in accordance 
with the laws of the State of New York, irrespective of its choice of law principles. Customer agrees 
that any dispute regarding the Agreement or this Proposal shall be resolved exclusively in the either 
Federal or State court in New York and hereby consents to 
' 
jurisdiction of such courts in 
New York to resolve any disputes regarding this Proposal. 
Upon entering into the Agreement. the Agreement and this Proposal and all of the terms and 
conditions set forth therein are binding on and enforceable by and against the parties, their 
successors, legal representatives, and assigns. No part of this Proposal or the Agreement shall 
be affected if any other part of it is held invalid or unenforceable. The Agreement and this Proposal 
shall constitute the sole agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters set forth 
in the Agreement and this Proposal, superseding any and all prior oral and written agreements or 
understandingsei 
r.
The Agreement and 
Proposal may only be modified by a written addendum 
specifically refe ncing the Agreement 
this Prop2S jrvhich is signed by the parties. 
tt,. 
tract- 
Nack 
-tIrg 
EFTA00811505
--- PAGE 9 ---
Ct, rtr
,:14
 akr ow% -ID tint 
-,t(caw frfi 
Alo 
tfl".att. 
S ta.ttc--E 
lieFfect-ti3is-seeerity-intereiet- his- steuritrinterest-eheil-be-ia-adeliiiaa.to any common law or 
statutory repairman's or similar possessory lien, and any other liens granted or permitted by the 
laws of the State of New York or the jurisdiction in which the work is performed, as applicable, each 
of which liens and rights thereunder are expressly reserved by Company. In no event shall the 
aircraft or work be delivered to or be deemed In the possession of Customer (including during any 
ground and flight acceptance test), until such time as Company has been paid all amounts due 
Company under the provisions of this Work Authorization. All of Company's rights and remedies 
shall be cumulative and in addition to all other rights and remedies provided by law and equity, 
including all rights and ternydies of a secured party under the Uniform CommercialCode. 
41,...„„.A .N. at...cure 
Culal 
tO L  fa e.. (VA CtieV 
4.44.4 
•4111‘ 2trEA0-CM•C=4-° 
tiA4C.-
„ 
111 
Proposal Acceptance Instructions wattvre ocrreat at
c.1 
Fir ;v-A 
Car4rari 
SECO te 
C Irets. 
C 
Sian 
16.
r 
CMISP'S 4,4 
Li 
In order to accept the proposal, client shall signuthisdocument in the space(s) provided. Including 
any elected options as outlined within and return executed document by means of electronic mail. l t" (amoitial 
-$1.-* ft 
ide,IT 
Signatory attests they have full legal authority to sign this Proposal and Agreement on behalf of 
alaj
 41.
Customer and represents, warrants and affirms that he or she is an AUTHORIZED AGENT OF 
t 
Cede itter A 
THE AIRCRAFT OWNER(S), and if applicable, lessor(s), and or lessee(s) with full authority to enter 
4^^ 441 `wig
()
into this Agreement. 
.-ALL taku-k- e 
(,..0 Gla tot c 
•-ct
s4
s t.6 r.......4-6, 464)O6 
posit of the contract total is due upon acceptance of this are co a A aufd 
tra. Cu fo4wris 
&ark 4Die 
112 
Payment Terms and Conditions 
a. Fifty percent (50%) non-refundable 
proposal. 
b. Twenty-Five percent (25%) due after ive 5) weeks (estimated completion mid-point) 
c. Total balance due upon completion and acceptance of work performed by wire tra 
funds prior to delivery of aircraft. 
d. Aircraft maintenance and refurbishment is SALES TAX EXEMPT in New York State 
e. All funds must be in U.S. Dollars. 
f. 
The prices contained in this Proposal shall remain firm for a period of thirty (3 
•ays. 
114 
Remittance Instructions 
Wire Transfer 
Instructions: 
Bank Identifiers: 
Instructions: 
Note: 
International Jet Interiors, Inc. 
2221 Smithtown Avenue 
Long Island MacArthur Airport 
Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
Bank 
Jericho Triangle 
Jericho, New York 11753 
Account No. 9852497537 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 022000046 
WA% CM 
ferred tta Cuctowi et: 
has tivo-e )sier-
ecacti 1‘4. 
C-0 total 
Or 4%4- Core4e. 
0012 SZ>410 o4 Ala 
VA 0 VIC.. In
 0.32•41Le1r -
41.0 11/410./Lera20C 
Cir+ 
bra i"1 'S 
0.41‘ UV% del- &la-
aowter 
Please reference one of the following (as applicable): 
• 
Invoice Number 
• 
Work Order Number 
• 
Aircraft Registration & Serial Number 
EFTA00811506

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811507.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mount 
Sinai 
June 2, 2017 
Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein 
E. list St. 
New York, NY 10021-4102 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
Office or Development 
Mount Sinai I lealth System 
One Gonave 1.. Levy Place. Box 1049 
New York. NY 10029-6574 
T 212-639-830(1 
F 212-987-1763 
philanthropy.mounDinaLorg 
On behalf of Mount Sinai, thank you for your support of the Dubin Breast Center. Your commitment helps us provide the 
latest and most innovative approaches available for breast health and the treatment of cancer. 
In grateful appreciation, we would like to recognize you as a member of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends by 
placing your name on a donor wall located at the entrance to the Center in the Klingenstein Pavilion lobby. When we update 
the wall this summer, you will be listed as: 
Gratitude America, Ltd 
Please take a moment to select an option below, and either approve the proposed listing or let us know how you would 
prefer to be recognized. You may use the enclosed envelope to return yo r form, or scan and send your response via e-mail 
to my colleague Susan McCormick at 
 by June 16. If we do not receive a response by 
that time, we will proceed with the proposed listing above. 
I. 
I approve the proposed listing above. 
Signature 
Date 
2. 
I do not approve the listing above, and would prefer to be listed as: 
Signature 
Date 
3. 
I prefer not to be listed on the wall. 
Signature 
Date 
If you have any questions or would like to discuss your recognition, please contact me at 646-605-8791 or Michele.Berico-
Field@mountsinai.org. Thank you for your attention to this matter and for your generous support. 
Warm regards, 
Michele Berko-Field 
Director of Development, Women's Health 
EFTA00811507

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811508.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
5/31/2017 
EFTA00811508
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - MAY 31, 2017 
4/30/17 
5/31/17 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
121,833,887 
122,551,549 
717,662 
Fixed Income 
75,508,486 
71,036,555 
(4,471,931) 
Equities 
84,663,760 
88,944,962 
4,281,202 
Equity ETF's 
3,064,200 
3,059,400 
(4,800) 
Options 
226,206 
506 
(225,700) 
Hedge Funds 
71,555,101 
70,946,742 
(608,359) 
Investments 
52,506,000 
52,506,000 
-
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
26,600,000 
26,875,000 
275,000 
Loans Receivable 
9,632,446 
11,132,446 
1,500,000 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
9,400,000 
12;125,000 
2,725,000 
Total Assets 
454,990,086 
459,178,160 
4,188,074 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
Frontier bond - sold 4mm @ 96.5 
3,981,167 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions - per brokerage stmts 
1,205,000 
Apple Calls - sold 2500 @ 2.40 vs 2.00 cost 
600,000 
I-Payment Bond redemption Haze Trust 
500,000 
Legal - Steptoe & Johnson 
(55,895) 
JSC Interiors funding 
(100,000) 
International Jet - G550 Interior 
(175,000) 
Gratitude - IPI 150k, Met Orch 50k, Int Police & Fire Chaplain 50k & 25k Film Inst 
(275,000) 
Bentley final payment 
(275,338) 
Miscellaneous 
(438,143) 
Coatue - Loan 
(500,000) 
Harlequin - Loan 
(1,000,000) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,300,000) 
NTES- bought 5000 shares - STC ML 
(1,449,129) 
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
717,662 
EFTA00811509
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
to 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Stanley 
Merrill 
AmerWade 
Totals 
Cash 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
32.527,104 
586,297 
300,000 
953.560 
17,199,40' 
51,566,370 
Southern Financial LLC 
28,534,701 
51,690 
28,586,391 
Haze Trust 
26.189.380 
26,189.380 
JEE 
3.720.060 
720,836 
456.832 
4,897.728 
Gratitude America. Ltd. 
865,020 
71,918 
2,935,967 
3,872,904 
Jeepers Inc. 
1.473.299 
8,876 
1,482,175 
LSJE LLC 
256.080 
780,776 
229.798 
1.266,654 
JEGE Inc. 
963.188 
963,188 
Zorro Dev•lopment Cap/ Managemeril LLC 
687,923 
687,923 
Plan D LLC 
646.794 
646,794 
NES LLC 
499,655 
499,655 
Southern Country International LTD 
455,022 
455,022 
Maple Inc. 
354.415 
354.415 
JEGE LLC 
295,660 
295.660 
Neptune LLC 
215.743 
215,743 
Enhanced Education 
25.039 
108,793 
133,832 
Hyperion Air LLC 
100.592 
100,592 
Thomas VVorld Air LLC 
71,440 
71,440 
JEE - Paris (US 5) 
60,273-
60.273 
Cypress Inc. 
48.036 
48,036 
42,859 
Nautilus Inc. 
42,859 
FT Real Estate 
42,300 
42,300 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
23,112 
23,112 
Michelins Transportation Co LLC 
23,036 
23,036 
Great St Jim lie 
8.857 
8.857 
LSJ LLC 
6.150 
6.150 
Mort Inc 
5,003 
5,003 
Laurel Inc. 
4.220 
4220 
FSF LLC 
937 
937 
1GO Company LLC 
690 
690 
The JEE Life Ins Trust #3 
206 
206 
Butterfly Trust 
Total Cash 
97,005,450 
3,358,570 
817,105 
229,798 
3,889,527 17,199,409 51,690 122,551,549 
EFTA00811510
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
4130117 
6131117 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Haze Trust- Fixed Income (DB) 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05(10(11 
3,000,000 
3,337,958 
3,135,000 
3,133,150 
-204,808 
!payment Inc 10.25% 5/15/2018 
10/02/12 
500,000 
523,490 
JPM Tr Flt Rate Income Fund 
01/22/13 239,625.000 
2,400,749 
2,256,551 
2,262,060 
-138,689 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/28/14 
49,033.00 
1,180.739 
1,260,638 
1,261,129 
80,390 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/29/14 
150.967:00 
3.670.430 
3,881,361 
3,882,871 
212,441 
Citibank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000.00 
1.999.419 
326 550 
2.309-4.30 
al1 
12,843 640 
25ir 
Total Haze Trust • Fixed Income (DB) 
12,689,296 
13,383,590 
Avers - Fixed income (DB) 
JPM Trust FLT RT Income fund 
02/13/13 179,505.000 
1295.452 
1.690 398 
1,694.524 
-100 928 
Total Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,795,452 
1,690,398 
1,694,524 
-100,928 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Western Digital Cog) 7.375% Matures 4-1-2023 
06/09/16 
2,000,000 
2.0813116 
201 RR2 
2.213.583 
127.577 
127,577 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
2,086,006 
2,201,882 
2,213,583 
Southern Trust Ca - Fixed Income (DB) 
Nationwide Society 6.875% GBP callable 6/20/2019 
4/15/14 
2.000.000 
3.439193 
2.736,380 
761.059 
&ADA 
478,134 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
3,439,193 
2,736,380 
2,761,059 
Southern Trust Co. - Fried income (Mania) 
Allergen mandatory convertible preffered 5.5% 3/1/2018 
08/15/16 
1.000.000 
881.500 
885,780 
800.770 
-80.730 
LSCCOM 8.75% 1015/2023 
01/13/17 
26,250,000 
2,859,332 
2,746,431 
2,772,378 
-86,954 
Frontier Communications 10.5% 9/15/2022 
11/9/16 
4,000,000 
4.020.000
Kindred Healthcare 7.25%1/15/2020 STC ML 
10/13/16 
3,000.000 
3,125,750 
3,168,167 
3,231,306 
105 556 
-401'75Q 
Teva mandatory convertible preffered 7.0%12/15/2018 
08/15/16 
1,000.000 
01.750 
571.000 
500.000 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (Merrill) 
7,768,332 
11,371,378 
7,304,454 
463,878 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Charles Schwab 8.0% Preferred 525 par 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,096,000 
1,091,600 
91.600 
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred 525 par 
08/04/16 
8.000 
200,000 
172.640 
165.120 
-34.880 
Welts Fargo 5.7% Preferred 525 par 
1/19/16 
120,000 
3,000,000 
3,052.800 
3,058,800 
58,800 
Ebay 6% Preferred 525 par matures 2-1-2056 
2/22/16 
80,000 
2,000,000 
2,120,800 
2,143,200 
143.200 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2028 then floats 
8/16/16 
500,000 
500,000 
522,750 
532,628 
32.628 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9.15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 
2,500,000 
2,623,122 
2,610,781 
2,662,150 
39.028 
Rept Bans Saabs 794% heed to 9-29-2017 then 3M Libor +232bp 
11/10115 
5600,000 
5298.817 
4.700.083 
4.804.417 
494.400 
Goldman Sachs 5.375% Fixed to 5-10.2020 then 302.2 over 3 mo Rye 
614/15 
5,000,000 
5,034.346 
5,310,660 
5,190,677 
156 331 
182'182
174,487 
Capital One 5.55% Fixed to 9.1.2020 then 380 over 3 motor 
5/14/15 
3,000,000 
3.009.819 
3.188.913 
3.19200 
Total Southern Trust Co. • Rxed income (Morgan Stanley) 
22,666,104 
22,776,427 
22,840,591 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed income (DB) 
Bank of America 8.125% PM Dec 29 2049 
1/10/11 
2.000,000 
2,055.000 
2,189,479 
2,090,982 
35,982 
Barclays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/10/2023 
4/3/13 
300,000 
300.000 
315,974 
316,794 
16,794 
Citigroup Inc - Series O 5.95% 
8/8/15 
3.000.000 
3,000.006 
3,191,988 
3,215,698 
215.892 
General Electric Co GTO Faed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
12/3/15 
2,469,000 
2,175.016 
2,478,259 
2,489,849 
314,833 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500.000 
2,887.500 
2,612,500 
2810.958 
-76.542 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500.000 
2,675,000 
2,612,500 
2,610„958 
-64,042 
LTG Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5121/13 
1.903,000 
1.948.500 
2.00.566 
£118,673 
170.173 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3,000,000 
2,995.764 
3387,604 
3,392,500 
396,736 
GMAC Cap TR I GTD Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
1.882774 
2.036.800 
2.041,690 
158.828 
Tote/ Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
19,719,560 
20,868,669 
20,888,013 
1,168,453 
Southern  Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
hat YAM 
Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 el CB1 var 7/25/2033 
11/19/13 
567,081 
411922 
480163 
490.691 
56.769 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
433,922 
480,763 
490,691 
66,769 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
70,497,884 76,608,486 71,038,556 
538,691 
Note - Accrued interest has been included in month end t&ed income values 
EFTA00811511
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
4/30/17 
5/31117 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
Akom Inc. 
6/10/15 
5,000 
234.206 
167,250 
166,350 
-67.856 
Alibabe Group 
6/10/15 
5,000 
444,749 
577,500 
612,300 
167.551 
Allianz SE ADR 
4/13/15 
5,000 
90.056 
95,045 
96,250 
6,194 
Apple Inc 
9/5/14 
64.000 
6,332.800 
9,193,600 
9,776,640 
3,443,840 
Apple Inc 
1/11/16 
250,000 
24,750,006 
35,912500 
38,190,000 
13.439.994 
Apollo Global Management 
3/31/11 
263,157 
4.999.983 
7;044;713 
7,113,134
2.113,151 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. (Formerly Dress Barn 1.3.11) 
1/16/01 
70,500 
500.000 
275,655 
124,785 
-1.375.215 
Avalanche Ellotedinoisgles now called Adverum Biotechnologles 
4/20/15 
10,000 
298.806 
28,500 
25,500 
-373,106 
BASF ADR 
4/13/15 
5000 
508,056 
486,430 
472,250 
-35.806 
Bank of New York Mellon 
6/25/14 
250,000 
9.076,406 
11,765,000 
11,780.000 
2,703.594 
Biogen Idec Inc 
2/14/12 
2,095 
250,455 
568,185 
519,078 
268,623 
Bioverativ Inc 
2/1/17 
1.047 
20,254 
61,574 
57,679 
37,425 
Centime Corp 
9/8/14 
15,550 
986,497 
1,156,920 
1,129,397 
142,900 
-46.128 
Dish Network Corp 
6/10/15 
5,000 
364,978
322,200
318,850
Facebook Inc 
5117112 
17,500 
665.000 
2,629,375 
2,650,550 
1,985,550 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/16/14 
49.830 
1,265,037 
1,798,965 
1,893,540 
628.503 
General Motors Co 
12/9/10 
97,525 
3,585.947 
3,378,266 
3,309,023 
-276,924 
General Electric Co 
4/23/13 
23,000 
496,109 
666,777 
629,740 
133.631 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
215/14 
5,000 
396.407 
342,760 
324,450 
-71.957 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
3/7/14 
3,100 
246,797 
212,505 
201,159 
-45,638 
Glaxo Smith Me PLC 
6/10/15 
5,000 
215,006 
204,500 
221,150 
6.144 
Global Partner Acquisition Corp 
7/30/15 
2,000 
20,000 
700 
20,000 
GoDaddy Inc. 
4/1/16 
700 
14,000 
27:244 
28,798 
14.798 
Match 
11/19/15 
200 
2400 
3,726 
3,896 
1,496 
Mobileye NV Amsteiveen Ord Shares 
8/1/14 
800 
20.000 
49,536 
49,520 
29.520 
Square 
11/19/15 
200 
1.800 
3,648 
3,896 
2,096 
Sangamo Biosciences Inc 
5/28/13 
50.000 
422.214 
240,000 
340,000 
-82214 
Santander Consumer USA 
1/28/14 
1.000 
24,000 
12,740 
11,170 
-12,830 
Terraform Global 
7/31/15 
400 
6.000 
1,900 
1,980 
-4.040 
Twitter Inc 
1117113 
1,500 
39,000 
24,720 
27,480 
-11.520 
Viacom Inc 
6/10/15 
5,000 
338,745 
212,800 
173,950 
-164,795 
Volkswagen AG 
4/13/15 
5,000 
254,306 
160.800 
157,100 
-97.206 
Wisdomtree Investments Inc 
3/31/15 
15000 
324.158 
125.250 
142.650 
J. 81.503 
22,278,268 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
58,293,977 77,770,274 80,672,245 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
Barclays PLC ADR 
7/18/16 
100,000 
805,096 
1,081,000 
1,077,000 
271.904 
Credit Suisse Group 
7/18/16 
100,000 
1.137.626 
1,526,000 
1,414,000 
276,374 
ZTO Express 
10/27/16 
3,500 
ELM 
48251 
01,1 
-18,235 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,010,972 
2,655,755 
2,541,015 
530,043 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
Netease 
5/16/17 
5000 
1,449,329 
- 
1,423 900 
-25,429 
INC 
4/4/17 
2000 
48,500 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
1,822,829 
407,000 
1,846,900 
23,071 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Mo an Stanie 
Colony Capital->eolony Northstar Inc. 
9/26/16 
73.315 
928,837 
958227 
1,035,941 
107,105 
Sequential Brands 
9/23/16 
50,000 
402.134 
168,500 
160,500 
-241,634 
ZTO Express 
10/27/16 
1,150 
22.425 
16,020 
16,434 
-5.991 
Bank of America 
312/16 
7,500 
100,825 
175,050 
168,075 
67,250 
Editas Medicine 
312/16 
3,200 
102,199 
60.320 
43,712 
-58.487 
Tenant Holdings 
7/18/16 
000 
.1 163 762 
10607.3.00 
772 094 
058.738 
Total Gratitude America, LW - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,720,182 
2,945,617 
3,147,162 
426,980 
J Epstein Vi Foundation - Equities (DB) 
Bristol Myers Squibb 
10/30/15 
5,000 
334.712 
280,250 
269,750 
-64.962 
Disney 
10/30/15 
4,000 
456.040 
462,400 
431.760 
-24,280 
Pfizer Inc 
10/30/15 
4,200 
145.028 
142.464 
137.130 
IA91 
-97,140 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
935,780 
885,114 
838,640 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
66,783,740 84,663,760 88,944,962 23,161,222 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF's (DB) 
Wisdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/13 
80,000 
2_966_099 
3.064,20 
3.059.400
2,3401 
93,301 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETFS (DB) 
2,966,099 
3,064,200 
3,069,400 
Southern Trust Co. - Options (Merrill Lynch) 
AAR_ May 19 2017 150 Calls 
3/29/17 
2,500 
184,686 
AFIINOMNII•••••• MO ••••• um, emornstato....u....m...h 
1219/16 
604,174 
219.3292 
41,519 
St 
:24.94a 
-249,494 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Options (Merrill Lynch) 
notional 
250,000 
226,206 
506 
EFTA00811512
--- PAGE 6 ---
4/30/17 
5/31/17 
MTD 
YTO 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern FinanclaifSFLLC) 
added tOortm atm 6 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
45.283.309 
45.002.552 
-0.62% 
2.49% added Sans 341/16 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
45,283,309 
45,002,552 
wthdnv ternm 1110117 
total Invecrnem 40mm 
2016 return 3.7714 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
king Street 
3,444.251 
3.444.251 
0.00% 
0.00% 2016n7 Mild CO datO: 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
3,444,251 
3,444,251 
647n6 14967,954 paid 
7127116 6,102,924 paid 
2017 - apri return 
1047116 6,146.941 pair 
of capitol of 
1127417 2.914.644 PM 
2.102.401 
2016 return 4.68% 
Hedge Funds - STC 
Honeycomb 
22,827.541 
22.499.939 
-1.40% 
12.00% added 20mm emns 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
22,827,541 
22,499,939 
2016 return 0.44% 
Total Hedge Funds 
71,555,101 70,946,742 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
Kyara I (repaid 100 cost + 201k profit) 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
II 
250,000 
Kyara III -> 483,915 repaid 8/5/2015 
Kyara IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment (grat at cost) 
11,250,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,066 
sTc 
Aden Solutions (investment amount) 
875,000 
butterfly trust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston. NJ 
3,000,000 
Coinbase 
sic 
3,001,000 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Valar Global Fund II (investment amount - 15mm oommittment) 
13,650,000 
Valar Global Fund III (investment amount - 25mm committment) 
10,750,000 
Totals 
11,250,000 
3,000,000 28,775,000 
3,001,000 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
52,506,000 
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
2,500,000 
2,500,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
6,500,000 
6,500,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
250,000 
Plan D LLC 
250,000 
2008 G550 
15,750,000 
15,750,000 
Automobiles 
1,175,000 
1,175,000 
Boats 
700,000 
700,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile A Boats 
2,500,000 
6,500,000 
250,000 17,625,000 26,875,000 
EFTA00811513
--- PAGE 7 ---
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
STC 
FTRE 
Totals 
imaceivable 
100,000 
100,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Karyna 
350,000 
350,000 
Nick Ribis 
75,000 
75,000 
Lam/ / Eileen Visoski 
225,000 
225,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
David Mitchell 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
302,000 
302,000 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
4,750,000 
4,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
Lesley 
200,000 
200,000 
Cecile 
50,000 
50.000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
LVHi
1,300,000 
1,300,000 
525,000 
525,000 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,697,446 
6,450,000 
50,000 1,935,000 11,132,446 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
ha
_..
t 
Giacometti 
25,000,000 
25.000,000 
Braque 
7,725,000 
7,725,000 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
-30,500,000 
-30,500.000 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
32.73 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamond - Insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
Fine Art Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 35,775,000 12,125,000 
EFTA00811514

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811515.pdf
----------------------------------------
Nmerican Express - Membership Rewards Points Summary Page 
MY ACCOUNT 
CARDS 
TRAVEL 
REWARDS 
BUSINESS 
MEMBERSHIP REWARDS 
tinned Dates (Chant* Cony) 
tOO OUT 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
7,318,661 points 
TRAVEL 
EMPT CARDS 
SHOPPING 
MORE WAYS TO USE POINTS 
Jeffroy E Epstein 
PROGRAM NUMBER: 1M33334712 
Summary 
Activity Detail 
June 2017 Points Activity 
Starling Points Balance As of June 1 2017 
7.622.574 
Earned 
196,087 
Used 
-500,000 
Points Balance as of today 
7,318,661 Points 
Additional Information: 
Pending 
Pants: 
V to 117I:f I 
Order History (last 30 days) 
294.046 
ABOUT AMERICAN C APPESS 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 
CAREERS 
SITE IMP 
CONTACT US 
p 
GIVE GIFT CARDS 
Ww1ffrAn Drfoie-GB God-. bleu 
-'t
nt 
 000 pooh. Toon-. apply 
vs* Ports Na.. 
' Your Garda 
- Cardmember 
Link Loyalty Programs 
See teeintenelp Rewards 
Program FAOs 
PROOOCTSA SERVICES 
Credit Cards l Small Butlftow Creel Caves I Corpora, Cam I PwpaltIcaros i Siong• A«ounts and CO. I OM Cards 
LINKS YOU MAY IRIS 
Mombonlop Awards' I CndilSecwe' I Sons' I Dubboor I AOTTPI Ames Cares I Rear a Friend 
Suppoof Management 
Terms of SorvIto 
Prwacy GMT. 
AOC Nolte' 
Care Abr.-mono 
Sotyfity Caalef 
tanaortai Eowalion 
Sorocomcottfor Omer,' 
PA urns of wont,* 'brows weed to Poescy ComerrotO ads ayes to be Owed by Tyr% Of Plows Pleat. renew 
02017 AMIntilet Express ComPonT Al r`rit in" ved 
LotusPIMPMd.. 
C :now 
I of 1 
6/15/17,2:39 PM 
EFTA00811515
--- PAGE 2 ---
American Express - Membership Rewards Points Summary Page 
unier SUals (ChIngo Cc,ntry) IM° Cia 
MY ACCOUNT 
CARDS 
TRAVEL 
REWARDS 
BUSINESS 
MEMBERSHIP REWARDS' 
Jeffry E Epstein 
7,318.661 points 
TRAVEL 
WC CARDS 
SHOPPING 
MORE WAYS TO USE POINTS 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
PROGRAM NUMBER: 1M33334712 
Summary 
Activity Detail 
ME Pa/00 From Jun 2017 to 
ACTIVITY 
All Activities 
Present 
1.300 or 392 Transactions 
Feu I Previous 
Page 
I 
of 2 
Neat I Lai! 
DOA nioad 
300 pert
GIVE GIFT CARDS 
American C.inra.GalICatilc-Jaal 
at pnl VrX) panty. Term" apro, 
aka Pats Ns ea 
Date - 
Category 
Description 
Points 
• . 
. 
Your Cares 
t.) 
06/1512017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
' Gardiner:10er 
Orinf/2017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
Link Loyalty Programs 
04M12/2017 Earned 
Utast Earn 2x MR Points 
06/12/2017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
118 
0611112017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card...5022 
164 
06/11/2017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card41013 
145,378 
08/11/2017 Earned 
Centurion0Casd.11120 
4.339 
05/11/2017 Earned 
Centurion0Caid-11104 
1,656 
06/11/2017 Earned 
Compare Card-11096 
450 
08/11/2017 Earned 
Cantons:int Can:slim 
8.408 
06/11/2017 Earned 
Centuriard0Car0-11070 
4.084 
06111/2017 Earned 
Centurion. Card-16061 
4,307 
08/11/2017 Earned 
Centuriane Conti-11047 
2.639 
08/1112017 Earned 
Centurion/0 Card-12011 
1,334 
06/11/2017 
05/0612017 
Earned 
Earned 
Centunone Card-14009 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
24.830 
0610612017 Earned 
Ube( Earn ic MR Points 
0610712017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
OlY05/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
06/05/2017 Earned 
Mee Earn 2x MR Portts 
06/05/2017 Earned 
Ube* Earn 2x MR Polls 
06/0512017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
06102/2017 Used 
$1000 Saks Filth Avenue Gat Card 
.100,000 
00/02/2017 Used 
$1000 Saks Fan Avenue Got Card 
.100.000 
06/02/2017 Used 
S1000 Sass Fifth Avenue GA Card 
.100.003 
06/02/2017 Used 
51000 Saks FM Avenue Cat Card 
.100,000 
Let us nelp yOU...Like Chat Nos 
I of 10 
6/15/17,2:39 PM 
EFTA00811516
--- PAGE 3 ---
American Express - Membership Rewards Points Summary Page 
Date - 
Category 
Description 
_
•
-
08/02/2017 Used 
51000 Saks FEM Avenue OM Cord 
08/02/2017 Earned 
Ube, Earn 22( MR PaVt 
0641/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2:A MR Pones 
06/012017 Earned 
Wier Earn 24 MR Pores 
Points 
-100.000
I 
1 
05/31/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam tr MR Putt 
0541/2017 Earned 
Ube, Eam ti< MR Pants 
106_ . ; 
_ 
. 
05/30/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam bt MR Points 
es 
I 
_ 
. 
05/30/2017 Earned 
Ubet Eam 2x MR Points 
05/30/2017 Earned 
liner Eam 2x MR Points 
05/2912017 Earned 
Ubet Eam 2x MR POWS 
092712017 Earned 
Traditions Gold Card-41208 
1.900 
05/27/2017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-41182 
2.910 
05/27/2017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-42172 
1.523 
05/2712017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-41186 
5.812 
05/27/2017 Earned 
Tradition Gold Card-44152 
6.376 
• 
05/27/2017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-43147 
3.622 
06/2712017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-11125 
2,835 
0527/2017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-42008 
8.400 
06/26/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn Tx MR Poke 
06492017 Earned 
Ube: Elm Zx MR POMO 
062512017 Earned 
Ube/ Elm tx MR Porte 
05/254017 Earned 
Ube( Ham 24 MR Ponta 
133 
05/254017 Earned 
Uber lam 26 MR Polnle 
00/24/2017 Earned 
Ube( Earn 2x MR Points 
06/2412017 Earned 
Ube Eam 2x MR Points 
05/23/2017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Points 
06/23/2017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
05/23/2017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Points 
05/224017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
05/224017 Earned 
Vber Earn 2x MR Points 
05/22/2017 Earned 
Ube. Earn 2x MR Points 
167 
05/222017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
206 
05/22/2017 Earned 
Uba Earn 2x MR Points 
05/19/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
05/19/2017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Pones 
Let se nelp yOu_Live Out Now 
of 10 
6/15/17, 2:39 PM 
EFTA00811517
--- PAGE 4 ---
American Express - Membership Rewards Points Summary Page 
Date - 
Category 
Description 
Points 
I 
06/1612017 Earned 
Uber Eam tic MR Points 
' 
l---
05/102017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Pants 
i 
I 
—9-
05116/2017 Earned 
Ube. Earn bt MR Peen 
051102017 Earned 
Ubar Earn 2x MR Points 
05117/2017 Earned 
Ube/ Earn 2x MR Polls 
051162017 Embed 
Ubm Earn 2x MR Points 
05/162017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
05/152017 Earned 
Ube, Ea.m 2x MR Points 
. _ 
05/1512017 Earned 
Ube, Earn 2x MR Points 
05/15/2017 Earned 
Utter Eam 2x MR Points 
05/152017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
•, . 
_ 
_ 
05/12/2017 Earned 
TIIICTI00001 Gold Card-65022 
21.269 
05/122017 Earned 
TR/Mona/ Gold Card-61013 
133.997 
051112017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
05/122017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
05/1112017 Earned 
Cadency* Cad-11120 
4,581 
05111/2017 Earned 
Centurion* Card-11104 
2,440 
0621/2017 Earned 
Centurion() Card-11016 
883 
0621/2017 Earned 
Ceaaabn€ Card-110N 
113.225 
I 
06212017 Earned 
Continent/ Card-11070 
3,976 
_ 
05/112017 Earned 
ConturioreCeelt160111 
7.160 
06/1112017 Earned 
Centurion* Cer6.11047 
2420 
061122017 Earned 
Centurcing Card-12011 
1,213 
. 
_ . . 
05/11/2017 Earned 
CenturioneCord-14009 
34413 
05/11/2017 Earned 
Ube/ Earn 2x MR Points 
05/112017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
05/10/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
05/09/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
140 
05/09/2017 Earned 
Ube am 2x MR Points 
131 
05/0912017 Earned 
Ulm Earn 2x MR Points 
05/09/2017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
05/052017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Ports 
05/042017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
05/04/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Pouts 
05/04/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
Let es help you...Uve Chat Now 
3of 10 
6/15/17,2:39 PM 
EFTA00811518
--- PAGE 5 ---
American Express - Membership Rewards Points Summary Page 
Date - 
Category 
Description 
-
•
-
•
-
Points 
0610312017 Earned 
Ubir Earn 2x MR Pon 
• - 
- 
- - 
- 
05232017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Polree 
05/03/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Poet 
05/032017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
aa 
— 
-• 
- - - 
05/02/2017 Earned 
Ube: Earn 2x MR Pointe 
05/02/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2* MR Points 
I 
05/02/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
a 
•
-
.
0521/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
•
.
• . 
•
05/01/2017 Earned 
_
•
-
-
-
•
,
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
_ 
•
•
002912017 Earned 
Ube: Earn 2x MR Points 
04/28/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
04/28/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn Zr MR Points 
04/28/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
022012017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
-
-
•
_
•
•
04/28/2017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-41208 
1.120 
04/262017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-41182 
3.398 
04/26/2017 Earned
Traditional Gold Card-42172 
940 
— 
04/28/2017 Earned 
Tradition/ Gold Card-41166 
3,633 
04/202017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card•44152 
6.454 
04/252017 Earned 
TnelOonal Gold Card-43147 
3.100 
042872017 Earned 
WaSoS Gold Card-41125 
3.880 
04202017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-42008 
4.587 
04/2572017 Earned 
Uber Earn Zx MR Points 
•
04/252017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
04/242017 Earned 
Ulna Earn 2x MR Points 
111 
•
-
04/24/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Pants 
- 
- 
- 
04222017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
0472212017 Earned 
Ube, Earn 2x MR Points 
04/21/2017 Earned 
Ober Earn 2x MR Points 
04/212017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Pants 
04/202017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Pants 
04/202017 Earned 
Ube* Earn 2x MR Pants 
04/192017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
04/192017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
04/192017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
let us MlOyou—Uve Get Now 
4of 10 
6/15/17.2:39 PM 
EFTA00811519
--- PAGE 6 ---
American Express - Membership Rewards Points Summary Page 
Data • 
Category 
()wennUon 
Points 
04/17/2017 Earned 
Uber lam 2:4 MR PolMs 
04/17/2017 Earned 
Ube: Earn 2x MR Pointe 
Is 
04/174017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Porte 
is 
34/17/2017 Earned 
Ubet Earn 2x MR Points 
04114/2017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Poet 
04/144017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
04/112017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
•
04/17/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
04/11/2017 Earned 
Traditonal Gold Card-65022 
4.928 
09/11/2017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-61013 
269,696 
04/11/2017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-61005 
405 
04/11/2017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Points 
04/11/2017 awed 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
04/11/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
04/10/2017 Earned 
Centurion. Card-11120 
5.880 
04/102017 Earned 
Centvrion0 Card-11104 
3,222 
04/10/2017 Earned 
Centurion® Card-11096 
04/1042017 Earned 
Centurion® Card-1164N 
13,728 
04/10/2017 Enid 
Canter-long, Card-11070 
4.135 
04/102017 Ewald 
Cealurkall Card-10031 
12,247 
0411W2017 Earned 
CbeneatmlI CenS11047 
1,747 
04/102017 Earned 
Cereelon0 Cord-12011 
2,791 
— 
• 
04/1012017 Earned 
Centurion. Card...14009 
63,678 
0411312017 Earned 
Uber Earn 24 MR Points 
04/1(102017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
164 
04/1(92017 Earned 
Uter Earn 2x MR Ports 
04/07/2017 Earned 
Ube, Eam 2x MR Points 
04/07/2017 Earned 
Ube,: Earn 2x MR Pokes 
04/0712017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
04/062017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
04/06/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
04/0512017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Pouts 
00092017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
04/04/2017 Earned 
Ube Eam 2x MR Points 
04/0412017 Earned 
Uter Earn 2x MR Posits 
Let us help nou...Ltre Crttt ton 
of 10 
6/15/17,2:39 PM 
EFTA00811520
--- PAGE 7 ---
American Express - Membership Rewards 
Data • 
Category 
04/042017 Ewa) 
- 
-------- 
04/0312017 Ear ai 
Points Summary Page 
Description 
Ubtir Um 2x MR Points 
- - - 
- • 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
UbetEam 2x MR Points 
Points 
' 
I 
-
• 
04/0372017 End 
042372017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2:4MR Points 
04/032017 Earned 
Ube Earn 24 MR Points 
• 
03/31/2017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Points 
• 
. 
03/2912017 Earned 
Utter Earn 7x MR Points 
03/29/2017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Points 
032912017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Point; 
•
-
0312812017 Earned 
Utter Earn 24 MR Points 
03/28/2017 Earned 
Utter Earn 24 MR Pants 
032812017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Peens 
-
-
•
.
03427/2017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card•41182 
1.527 
•
•
-
03/27/2017 Earned 
Tradtional Gold Car -42172 
1,046 
0327/2017 Earned 
Trade/tonal Gold Card-41166 
6,145 
03/27/2017 Earned 
'Deadens/ Gold Card-44162 
7,870 
03127/2017 Earned 
Trademnal Gold Card43147 
2,372 
0327/2017 Earned 
Treditional Gold Card-41125 
3,084 
.•.._._ 
__ 
03/27/2017 Earned 
TrmIllonal Gold Card-42001 
10,629 
• 
03027/2017 Lamed 
Ube Earn 2x MR Pokes 
143 
03/27/2017 and 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
03/2A/1017 lamed 
Libor Earn 2x MR Points 
1.
- 
- 
03/24/2017 Earned 
Mar &nista* Points 
' 
03/2=017 Earned 
Uttar Eam 2x MR Points 
ara 
03/232017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
0322/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Point 
•
_
03/22/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
03/21/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
03/20/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
03/20/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
03120/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
03/17/2017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Points 
03/1712017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Points 
03/16/2017 Earned 
Liter Earn 2x MR Points 
03/1502017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Points 
Let us help you.-Live Chat Now 
6of 10 
6/15/17,2:39 PM 
EFTA00811521
--- PAGE 8 ---
American Express • Membership Rewards Points Summary Page 
Date - 
Category 
DoscrIpUon 
Points 
03/152017 Earned 
Libor lam 2x MR Pet 
03/14/2017 Earned 
Ube: Earn 2x MR Pokes 
03/14/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
03/13/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
031132017 Earned 
Ubar Earn 2x MR Points 
03111/2017 Earned 
Tr/463nel Gold Ctird-65022 
20253 
03/11/2017 Earned 
Trig/tonal GOM Card431013 
168.426 
03/1112017 Earned 
Centurion®! Card-11120 
5.095 
03/11/2017 Earned 
Centurion0Card-11104 
2.814 
03/1112017 Earned 
Cemurion0 Card-11096 
3.468 
03/11/2017 Earned 
Centurion® Card-11088 
13.430 
03/1112017 Earned 
Centurion(' Card-11070 
3.020 
03/1112017 Earned 
Centurion!) Card-16061 
11,338 
03/11/2017 Earned 
Centeno**, Card-11047 
3.567 
03/11/2017 Earned 
Centurion:DC*44-12011 
1.229 
03/11/2017 Earned 
Centurion& Card-14009 
71.180 
03/10/2017 Earned 
Ober Earn 2x MR Points 
03/0912017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
03/08/2017 Earned 
Libor Earn 2x MR Points 
03/07/2017 Earned 
Uber Eorn 2x MR POMb 
03/07/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
03/06/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
130 
03/03/2017 Earned 
Ube/ Earn 2x MR Points 
03/03/2017 lamed 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
03/03/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
03/02/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
03/02/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
03/02/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
03/01/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Pouts 
02728/2017 Earned 
Ober Earn 2x MR Points 
IS 
02/28/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
02/2812017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
02/27/2017 Earned 
Ober Earn lx MR Points 
02/27/2017 Earned 
Ubts Earn 2x MR Points 
IS 
02/24/2017 Earned 
Traddional Gold Card-41182 
1.047 
Let as help you...tne Out Now 
of 10 
6/15/17.2:39 PM 
EFTA00811522
--- PAGE 9 ---
American Express - Membership Rewards Points Summary Page 
Date - 
Category 
Description 
02/24/2017 Earned 
Tradeonal Gold Card-42172 
. . 
. 
. . 
_ 
02/242017 Earned 
Tradeonal Gold Card-411603 
02/24/2017 Earned 
Tradeonal Gold Card-44152 
02/242017 Earned 
02242017 Earned 
02/24/2017 Earned 
Tradrional Gold Card-43147 
Tradtonal Gold Card-11125 
Tradeonal Gold Card-42008 
02242017 Earned 
Uber Eam tx MR Points 
•
02/23/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
02/222017 Earned 
Ube:Earn 2x MR Points 
02/21/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
02/20/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2.x MR Points 
02/202017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Points 
02/17/2017 Earned 
Uber Eam 2x MR Poies 
02/182017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
022612017 Earned 
Ube,  Earn 2x MR Points 
022512017 Earned 
Ube: Earn 2x MR Pokes 
02/14/2017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
02/1312017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2:x MR Points 
02/102017 Earned 
Ube Earn 22t MR Pole 
02/10/2017 Earned 
Ube Eam br MR PO N 
02/102017 lamed 
TradtIonal Gold Ceed48022 
02/102017 Lad 
lageonai Gold C00041013 
02/002017 End 
Ube: Eam 2x MR Poets 
. 
02/062017 Earned 
CantenorreCeS11120 
02262017 Earned 
CentunonOCaed-11104 
Points 
1.265 
4.643 
13.805 
2.630 
4.064 
5.154 
_ 2 H 
2,014 
60,404 
0100 
11,815 
02/0812017 Earned 
centurion® Card-11098 
02/0802017 Earned 
Certifiers!) Card-110813 
02/00/2017 Earned 
Centurion!) Card-11070 
02/08/2017 Earned 
Centurion® Card-16061 
021082017 Earned 
Cemuriont Card-11047 
02/08/2017 Earned 
Centurions Card-12011 
02/022017 Earned 
Centurion/ICard-14009 
02/07/2017 Earned 
Ube,  Earn 2x MR Points 
02/06/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
02/05/2017 Earned 
Uber Earn 2x MR Points 
-
-
•
110 
10,705 
3,677 
0.205 
2.841 
8,80 
40,170 
Let us help you...Live Csat Pow 
of 10 
6/15/17,2:39 PM 
EFTA00811523
--- PAGE 10 ---
American Express - Membership Rewards Points Summary Page 
Date - 
Category 
Description 
02404017 Earned 
Ube Earn tx MR Points 
Imps: 
Points 
—1;s1 
0210,2017 Earned 
Ube/ Eam lx MR Points 
02/03/2017 Earned 
untie Eam b MR Points 
I 
02/02/2017 Earned 
Ube/ Earn 7x MR Pokes 
02/02/2017 Earned 
Ube Earn Zr MR Points 
02/014017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
02/01/2017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2c MR Points 
j 
—H 
01/31/2017 Earned 
Ube: Eam 2x MR Points 
* 
I 
01/31/2017 Earned 
Ubet Earn 2x MR Points 
01/30/2017 Earned 
Ube Earn It  MR Points 
01/302017 Earned 
Ube Earn 24 MR Prints 
0113012017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Pokes 
01730/2017 Earned 
Mbar Earn 2x MR Points 
012$12017 Earned 
Traditional Gold Card-41182 
3.494 
0112112017 Earned 
Treallonal Gold Card-42172 
3,599 
01/242017 Earned 
TrealianM Gold Card-41166 
5,157 
01/214017 Earned 
TratRional Gold Card-44162 
15.017 
01/2,2017 Earned 
Tradillonel Gold Cerd-43147 
3.077 
01/202017 Earned 
TratRionri GokICetd41125 
2.300 
_ — 
01/292017 !amid 
Traditional Gold Card.420011 
5,061 
01/274017 Earned 
Uber Earn 24 MR Points 
01/27/2017 Earned 
Ulm Earn 2x MR Points 
_ 
. 
01/27/2017 Earned 
lJtrimEam 2x MR Points 
• 
_ 
01/26/2017 Earned 
Ube( Eam 2x MR Points 
01401/2017 Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
01/254017 
0143/2017 
Earned 
Earned 
Ube Earn 2x MR Points 
Utter Earn 2x MR Points 
01/23/2017 Earned 
Utter Earn 2x MR Points 
01/23/2017 Earned 
Ube Eam 24 MR Points 
1-300 of 392 Transactions 
Fat I Previous 
Pave 
of 2 
rifexi I last 
300 pert ki 
Opening balance es of Dec 
5,915.602 
2016: 
Earned: 
1.903.150 
Wed: 
.5005003 
Points Balance as of Jun 
7,318,661 
2017: 
Let us help yOu... Lrve Crut Row 
of 10 
6/15/17,2:39 PM 
EFTA00811524

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811525.pdf
----------------------------------------
Haim 
ineSefvices 
I 
About 
Contact Us 
My Account 
• 
canoe amps 
HARVEY RUVIN
CLERK of the COURTS a 
1„ .-e
a
rnalat
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA 
4.1
Miami-Dade County Civil, Family and Probate Courts Online System 
Back to Results 
BRUNEL, JEAN LUC VS MCDONALD, TYLER 
Local Case Number: 2014-021348-CA-01 
State Case Number 132014CA021346000001 
Consolidated Case No.: N/A 
Case Status: OPEN 
It Parties 
'AL Hearing Details 
Fa Dockets 
OrE•oon to - 
Event 
Number 
Date 
Book/Page 
Docket Entry 
Type 
I 
03/30/2017 
Memorandum 
Event 
03/30/2017 
Motion to Dismiss 
Event 
03/30/2017 
Notice of Filing: 
Event 
03/16/2017 
Motion: 
Event 
11/21/2016 
Notice of Sconce o! 
Event 
10/05/2016 
Process 
Order: 
Event 
10/05/2016 
Day Summons 
Service 
10/05/2016 
Issued 
Day Summons 
Event 
10/05/2016 
Issued 
Receipt 
Event 
1095/2016 
Minute Motion 
Hearing 
08/11/2016 
Calendar 
Notice of Hearing- 
Event 
06/04/2016 
Motion for Rehearing 
Event 
Filing Date: 08/152014 
Case Type: Equitable Relief (Greater than $15.000) 
Judicial Section: CA34 
Number of Parties: S 
Numb*, of /Sift 
+ 
Desserts Retrieved: So 
Comments 
IN OPPOSITION TO MTN FOR RULING ON SERVICE OF PROCESS 
Parties: Brower Meet Chester Jr; Epstein Jeffrey 
MEMO IN OPPOSITION TO MTN FOR RULING ON SERVICE OFPROCESS 
FOR RULING ON SERVICE OF PROCESS ON DEFENDANT JEFFREY 
GRANTING MOTION FOR REHEARING/RELIEF 
Parties: Epstein Jeffrey, Brunei Jean Luc 
RECEIPTI:2610002 AMT PAID:$11.00 ALLOCATION CODE QUANTITY UNIT AMOUNT 
3139-SUMMONS ISSUE FEE 1 $10.00$10.003120-COPY 1 $1.00 $1.00 TENDER 
TYPE:CASH TENDER AMT:S11.00 RECEIPT DATE:10/05/2016 REGISTER0:261 
10/05/2016 
EFTA00811525
--- PAGE 2 ---
II 
07/28/2016 
Orcfer 
Event 
TO QUASH SERVICE 
07/27/2016 
Minute Mobon 
Hoene° 
06/22/2016 
Calendar 
Minute Motion 
Hearing 
O 
06/21/2016 
Calendar 
Notice of Hearing- 
Event 
07.27.2016 
06/21/2016 
Cancellation Notice 
Event 
O 
04/212016 
Notice of Hearing- 
Event 
06/22/2016 
04/10/2016 
Response: 
Event 
TO MOTION TO OUASH 
O 
03/10/2016 
Notice of Hearing- 
Event 
04/20/2016 
03/10/2016 
Receipt: 
Event 
RECEIPT/1:3210011 AMT PAIDS10.00 ALLOCATION CODE QUANTITY UNIT AMOUNT 
03/10/2016 
Day Summons 
Service 
3139-SUMMONS ISSUE FEE 1 $10.00$10.00 TENDER TYPE:CASH TENDER 
AMTS10.00 RECEIPT DATEO3/102016 REOISTERI".J21 CASHIER:HPUPO 
03/10/2016 
Issued 
Day Summons 
Event 
Parties: Epstein Jeffrey 
O 
01/07/2016 
Issued 
Cancellation Notice 
Event 
11/25/2015 
Notice of Hearing- 
Event 
01/27/2016 
11/24/2015 
Cancellation Notice 
Event 
11/20/2015 
Noticed Hearing- 
Event 
12/16/2015 
O 
11/06/2015 
Text 
Event 
AS OF TODAY NO REPLY BACK FROM ATTY FILE WAS SENT BACK TO THE FILE 
ROOM 
09/17/2015 
Notice of 
Event 
CO/17/2015 
Unavailability/absence 
Notice of Change of 
Event 
05/14/2015 
Address 
Receipt 
Event 
FIECEIPTII-2610025 AMT PAJD:$33.00 ALLOCATION CODE QUANTITY UNIT AMOUNT 
3120-COPY 33 $1.00 $33.00 TENDER TYPECHECK TENDER ANIT433.00 RECEIPT 
DATE16/14/2015 REGISTERI:261 CASHIERSFLOWER 
[ii 
05/13/2015 
Request: 
Event 
COPIES OF PLEADINGS MAIL TO (STEVEN HORN) 
04/29/2015 
Notice of Appearance 
Event 
[11 
04/29/2015 
Email Notice: 
Event 
EMAIL ADDRESS: 
01/29/2015 
Motion to Quash 
Event 
[II 
O 
04/23/2015 
Motion to Dismiss 
Event 
w 
04/23/2015 
Erna Notice; 
Event 
EMAIL ADDRESS: 
04/2312015 
Notice of Appearance 
Event 
04/20/2015 
Receipt 
Even! 
RECEIPTO:2090053 MAT PAIDS565.00 ALLOCATION CODE QUANTITY UNIT AMOUNT 
04/17/2015 
Request: 
Event 
3120-COPY 565 51.005565.00 TENDER TYPECHECK TENDER AMTS565.00 RECEIPT 
DATE:04/20/2015 REGISTERI:209 CASHIER£SAY 
COPIES OF COMPLAINTS AND LETTER OF CORRESPONDENCE MAIL TO (STEVEN 
03/19/2015 
Text 
Event 
HORN) 
RFASCIGNED TO SECTION 34 PER ADM. ORDER 15-06 
EFTA00811526
--- PAGE 3 ---
02/09/2015 
Summons Issued 
Event 
Parties: Epstein Jeffrey 
rn
01/26/2015 
Amended Complaint 
Event 
O 
OW22/2014 
Letter of 
Event 
09/08/2014 
Correspondence 
Text 
Event 
PAYMENT WORKSHEET 
OW26/2014 
Summons Issued 
Event 
Parties: Mcdonald Tyler, Mcdonald Tyler 
08/16/2014 
E-Ftling Number 
Event 
EFILE NUMBER: 17175578 
O 
Ce/15/2014 
Compass,' 
Event 
O 
06/15/2014 
Civil Cover 
Event 
08/15/2014 
Demand for Jury Trial 
Event 
4413nok to Mauna 
Please be advised: 
The Clerk's Office makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of the 'okaying information; however it makes no warranties or representations whatsoever regarding the completeness. 
accuracy, or timeliness of such Information and dale. Information on this website Ins boon posted with the Intent that it be ready available for personal and public non/commercial 
(educational) use and to provide the public with direct online access to information in the Miami-Dade Clerk's Office information systems. Other than making Limited copies of this 
websites content, you may not reproduce. retransmit. redistribute. upload or post any part of this website, including the contents thereof, In any font of by any moans, or store it In 
any information storage and retrieval system. viithoyt prior written permission from the Miami-Dade Clerk's Office. 
II you we Interested in obtain 
Onion to 
duce. retransmit or store any part of this website beyond that with you may use for personal use. as defined above, visit our 
Web API Services 
). To review the complete MiamI-Dade County Disclaimer, follow this link: 
hapdAwrwmiamidade.grnifinfo/disclaimerasp (http://vAvw.miwrid'ade.govinlardisciaimerasp) 
Erma (httpslimenidadecounty.co1 
Lorin Minunbrevcesnego.asbadReerMAIr4 
Home 
I Privacy Sammt 
hump 
About 
 losao
I Contact Us 
I (h
t
DSCISTmel MitobvfoventortdadesovirOoicksciarneur
ttplAvIew.miamidade.gov) 
2015 Clerk of the Courts. All Rights received. 
50142978 
EFTA00811527

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811528.pdf
----------------------------------------
buliaPI.511°0 
al
ffirs-aval Ag 
nadwile 
g 
h 
WESTERN
UNION 14 
moving money lor botter 
Recelpt/Reelbo 
Thank You/Gractas 
Tracklng Hufter (MTCN)/NO. De 
Control del Envlo 
015-620-9309 
*************************** 
For Customer Service, please tall 
1-800-325-6000/Para comunicarse con el 
serviel° de atencldn al cliente, llaue 
al 1-800-325-6000. 
Dunne Rende Store $14153 
885 3RD AVE, NEN YORK, NY 10022 
Money Transfer/Envlo de Dinero 
Cash/Dinero en efectivo 
Ope rator ID/No. ID del Operador: 
Da
te of Transaction/Fecha de transaccide: 
July 18, 2017/Julio 18, 2017 
Time of Transaction/Hora de la 
Transaccldn: 
10:12 AM EDT 
Sender/Rem1tente: 
BELLA KLEIN 
2772 
E 
2635 
63RD ST, BROOKLYN, NY 11234 
7187 
Recelver/Destinatario: 
JELENA MARKOVIC 
Expected Payout Location/ 
Localidad donde se Espera Pago: 
SPain/Espafla 
EFTA00811528

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811529.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
B 
C=A+B 
D 
E= A+D 
Actual days 
1/1/2017 thru 
07/20/17 
Required days 
7121/2017 thru 
12/31/17 
Projected 
2017 
Three 
Year Test 
2015-2017 
Safe Harbor 
Required days 
7121 •12131/2017 
Safe Harbor 
Projected 
2017 
Location 
2015 
2016 
136 
166 
199 
135 
151 
180 
185 
132 
153 
183 
182 
145 
USVI 
170 
148 
Abroad 
a 
Total 
196 
178 
107 
US 
169 
187 
New York 
117 
145 
201 
164 
365 
365 
A 
365 
US VI US & Abroad 
365 
365 
Note 
1) Total days needed over 3 years is 540 
2) Erika article which allows 30 days in Paris or abroad to be used for USVI days to meet 183 days 
as long as days in USVI are still greater than days in USA before 30 days are added 
3) DKI to look into Medical & plane exceptions 
EFTA00811529

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811530.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
6/30/2017 
EFTA00811530
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - JUNE 30, 2017 
5/31/17 
6/30/17 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
122,551,549 
127,228,936 
4,677,387 
Fixed Income 
71,036,555 
72,806,515 
1,769,960 
Equities 
88,944,962 
87,293,777 
(1,651,186) 
E uity ETF's 
3,059,400 
3,120,000 
60,600 
Options 
506 
(506) 
Hedge Funds 
70,976,054 
71,309,742 
333,688 
Investments 
52,506,000 
52,506,000 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
26,875,000 
26,875,000 
-
Loans Receivable 
11,132,446 
11,207,446 
75,000 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
12,125,000 
583 200 
-10,541,800 
Total Assets 
459,207,472 
453,930,616 
-5,276,856 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
Haze Trust - Braque Payment 
7,725,000 
STC ML - Sold 5000 NTES 305.7206 
1,528,603 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions - per brokerage stmts 
508,380 
Enhanced - Sold 4,200 PFE 
137,815 
Cecile loan repaid 
50,000 
Miscellaneous 
(44,097) 
Legal / PR - Hiltzik 25k & Goldberger 25k 
(50,000) 
NES - Sothebys via Pinto 
(50,889) 
LSJE - Ford 250 & Lift Gate 
(54,472) 
Solano Constuction - Zorro Deposit Windows and Staff Cottage 
(65,000) 
GIV Rolls Royce Engine Program (6 months) 
(91,960) 
Enhanced - Humanity + 
(115,000) 
NLR Resorts / Nick Loan 
(125,000) 
STC MS - Bought 10,000 Altice 30.00 then Sold 5,000 
(150,000) 
G550 - Flight Saftety - LV, DR, WH & Chip 
(199,224) 
STC ML - Bought 12,000 shares ON 16.63 
(200,038) 
G550 Rolls Royce Engine Program (9 months) 
(215,755) 
STC ML - Bought 8,000 shares MU 30.85 
(246,798) 
Gratitude America - 125k IPI & 125k MIT & 2 others 
(265,000) 
NES - NYC RE Taxes 
(327,498) 
NES - Pinto NYC renovations 
(372,780) 
STC ML - Bought 20,000 shares XLF 24.34 
(486,800) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,050,000) 
STC MS - Bought 46,484 shares NGL preferred 25.00 
(1,162,100) 
i I 
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
4,677,387 
EFTA00811531
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
TD 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Stanley 
Merrill 
Amnitrads 
Totals 
Cash 
Southern Trust Company Inc 
29,759,824 
462,985 
300.000 
2,752.615 
17,826,766 
51.102.190 
Haze Trust 
33.928,618 
33.928.616 
Southern Financial LLC 
28,733,556 
51,690 
28,785.246 
4,250.922 
JEE 
3,060,307 
733,742 
456,873 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
440,146 
71,822 
2,940,238 
3,452,206 
1,482,999 
Jeepers Inc. 
1.474.273 
8,726 
JEGE Inc 
963 188 
963,188 
LSJE LLC 
12t541 
532,015 
202,156 
857,711 
Zorro Management LW 
500,193 
500,193 
Southern Country International LTD 
454,272 
454,272 
NES LLC 
339,489 
339,489 
Plan D LLC 
220,654 
220,654 
JEGE LLC 
173,343 
173,343 
Neptune LLC 
154,993 
154,993 
Enhanced Education 
38,962 
100,460 
139,422 
Hyperion Air LLC 
100,292 
100.292 
(homes World Alr LLC 
65,656 
65.656 
JEE - Paris (US Si 
54,621 
54.621 
Cypress Inc. 
47,857 
47,857 
FT Real Estate 
42,149 
42,149 
Maple Inc. 
26,768 
26,768 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
22,812 
22,812 
Michelles Transportation Co LW 
22,736 
22,736 
Nautilus Inc. 
15,137 
15,137 
Great St Jim LLC 
8,857 
8,857 
LSJ ISO 
6,150 
6,150 
Mort Inc 
4,853 
4853 
4,070 
Laurel Inc 
4,070 
FSF LLC 
937 
937 
IGO Company LLC 
390 
390 
The JEE Life Ins Trust P3 
206 
206 
Butterfly Trust 
Total Cash 
100,016,437 
2,627,540 
811,494 
202,156 
5,692,853 17,826,766 51,690 127,228,936 
EFTA00811532
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
5/31/17 
6130117 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Dab 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Lose) 
Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% PM 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 
3,000300 
3,337,958 
3,133,150 
-179,958 
JPM Tr Fit Rate Income Fund 
01/22/13 240.303397 
2,407,128 
2.262,080 
_
158300
2261,257 
-145.871 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/28/14 
49,033.00 
1,180,739 
1261,129 
1,276,819 
96,080 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/29114 
150,967.00 
3.670,430 
U62,871 
3331.181 
280.751 
Citibank Preferred Ser I< 6.875% 
2/3/14 
000.00 
12,964,867 
389,19 
Total Haze Trust - F 
name (DB) 
'F6 5,874 
„ 
Japers - Fixed Income DB) 
JPM Trust FLT RT Income fund 
02/13/13 180013.000 
1 
1.694 524 X3.923 
- 
Total Japers - Fixed Income (DB) 
,800,231 
1,694,624 
1,693,923 
-106,308
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Sternal 
Western Digital Corp 7.375% Matures 4-1-2023 
06/09/18 
2,000,000 
2.088.0A _1.213.583 
2.233.965 
147.959 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
2,086,008 
2,213,683 
2,233 965 
147,959 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
Nationwide Society 6.875% GBP callable 6/20/2019 
4/15/14 
2.000 000 
3,439.193 
_2.761.05.2 __1868.513 
-770,681 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (DB) 
3,439,193 
2,761,059 
2,668,513 
-770,681 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income Merril° 
Allegan mandatory convertibleproffered 5.5%3/1!2018 
08/15/16 
1,000,000 
881,500 
800,770 
867,410 
-14,090 
LSCCOM 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
21,250,000 
2789125 
2,772,378 
2,814,889 
25,764 
Kindred Healthcare 7.25%1/15/2020 Sit ML 
10/13/16 
3.000,000 
3,060.528 
3,231,306 
3,260,667 
200,138 
Teas mandatory convertible proffered 7.0% 12/15/2018 
08/15/18 
1,000,000 
01.750 
500.0® 
594.500 
307.250 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (MEMO 
7,832,903 
7,304,454 
7,537,468 
415,436 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Charles Schwab 6.0% Preferred $25 par 
7/27/15 
40.000 
1,000.000 
1,091,600 
1,0t0,400 
86,400 
NGL Energy Partners 9%525 par 
6/6/17 
46484 
1,162,100 
- 
1,151,874 
-10,226 
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred $25 par 
08/04/16 
400 
200.000 
185,120 
168320 
-33,680 
Wells Fargo 5.7% Preferred $25 par 
1/19/16 
120000 
80.000 
3,000,000 
2.000.000 
3,058,800 
2143,200 
3,108,000 
2.189,600 
108.000 
189,600 
Ebay 6% Preferred $25 par matures 2.1.2058 
2/22/16 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
8/16/16 
500,000 
500,000 
532,628 
530,000 
2,650,000 
MO 
26'378 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 
2,500.000 
2,623.122 
2,862,150 
Royal Bank Sco5and 7.64% Fixed M 9-29-2017 then 3M Leor +nap 
11/10/15 
5,000,000 
5,298,817 
4,804,417 
4,895.000 
-403,817 
Goldman Sachs 5.375% Fixed to 5-104020 then 3922 over 3 mo bar 
6/4/15 
5,000.000 
5.034346 
5,190,677—
5,291,326 
256,980 
Capital One 5.55% Fired to 9.1.2020 then 380 over 3 mo libor 
5/14115 
3,000,000 
3,022.819 
3.19232() 
3.10,413 
153,594 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
23,828,204 
22,840,591 
24,231,933 
403,729 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
Bank of America 8.125% PM Dec 29 2049 
1/10111 
2.000.000 
2,055,000 
2090,982 
2100,013 
013 
Barclays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/1072023 
4/3113 
300,000 
300.000 
316,794 
317,187 
17,187 
Citigroup Inc - Series Q 5.95% 
8/6/15 
3,000,000 
3,000,006 
3,215,698 
3,223,598 
223,592 
General Electric Co GTD Fixed to Float 4.0% Dee 16 2065 
12/3/15 
2.489.000 
2.175.016 
2,489,849 
2,485.460 
310,444 
JP Morgan Chase Si Co Pfd 7.9% Apri 30 2049 
6115/11 
2500 000 
2,687,500 
2,610,958 
2331 667 
-55,833 
JP Morgan Chase & Co PM 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2.500300 
2,675.000 
-2,810,958 
2331367 
-43,333 
LBG Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5/21/13 
1903000 
1,948,500 
2,118,673 
2,100,446 
151.946 
Southern Cal Edison 8.25% Dec31 2049 
1/30/12 
3300.000 
2.996.011 
3.392.500 
3.400.104 
404,093 
GMAC Cap TR I GTD Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
1882174 
2,041.600 
2.096.000 
20,986,120 
211226 
1,266,314 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
719,807 
20,888,013 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
tact zallet 
Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-"RA2 cl 081 var 7/25/2033 
11/19/13 
567.081 
.270 
490391 
489,779 
§7. 59 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fired income (DB) 
432.270 
490,691 
489,729 
57,469 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
71,534,289 
71,036,655 
72,806,615 
1,272,227 
Note - Accrued interest has been Included In month ells tired income YAWS 
EFTA00811533
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
6131117 
6/30117 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DO) 
Akorn Inc 
6/10/15 
000 
234.206 
166,350 
167,700 
-66,506 
Alibaba Group 
6110/15 
5:000 
444.749 
612,300 
704,500 
259.751 
Allianz SE ADR 
4/13/15 
6,000 
90.056 
96,250 
98,875 
8.819 
Apple Inc 
9/5/14 
64,000 
6.332.800 
9,776,640 
9,217,280 
2,884,480 
Apple Inc 
1111/18 
250,000 
24.750.006 
38,190.000 
36,005.000 
11,254,994 
Apollo Global Management 
3/31/11 
263,157 
4,999,983 
7,113,134 
6,960.503 
1,960,520 
-1,348,425 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. (Formerly Dress Barn 1.3.11) 
1/16101 
70.500 
1.500.000 
124,785 
151,575 
Avalanche Biotechnologies now called Adverum Biotechnologies 
4/20/15 
000 
398,606 
25500 
25,000 
-373 606 
-41,606 
BASF ADR 
4/13/15 
5000 
508,056 
472,250 
486,450 
Bank of New York Mellon 
6/25/14 
2517,000 
9,076,406 
11,780,000 
12,755,000 
3,678594 
318.044 
Blogen Idec Inc 
2/14/12 
2,095 
250.455 
519.078 
568,499 
Bioverativ Inc 
2/1/17 
1,047 
20,254 
57,679 
62,998 
42,744 
Cenlene Corp 
9/8/14 
15,550 
986,497 
1,129,397 
1,242,134 
255,637 
Dish Network Corp 
6/10/15 
5,000 
364,978 
318.850 
313,800 
-51,178 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
17,500 
665,000 
2,650,550 
2,642,150 
1,977,150 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/16/14 
49,830 
1,265,037 
1,893.540 
1,980,743 
715,706 
General Motors Co 
12/9/10 
97,525 
3,585,947 
3,309,023 
3,406,548 
-179,399 
General Electric Co 
4/23/13 
23,000 
496,109 
629,740 
621.230 
125.121 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
2/5/14 
5,000 
396,407 
324,450 
353,900 
-42,507 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
3/7/14 
3,100 
246,797 
201,159 
219,418 
-27,379 
Glaxo Smith Kline PLC 
6/10/15 
5000 
215OO6 
221 150 
215,600 
594 
Global Partner Acquisition Corp 
7/30/15 
x,000 
20.000 
20:000 
19,700 
-300 
GoDaddy Inc. 
4/1/15 
700 
14,000 
28798 
29,694 
15,694 
Match 
11/19/15 
200 
2.400 
3.896 
3,476 
1,076 
Mobileye NV Amstelveen Ord Shares 
8/1/14 
800 
20.000 
49,520 
50,240 
30,240 
Square 
11/19/15 
200 
1,800 
3,896 
3,476 
1,676 
Sangamo Biosciences Inc 
5/28/13 
50,000 
422.214 
340,000 
440,000 
17.786 
Santander Consumer USA 
1/28/14 
1,000 
24,000 
11.170 
12,760 
-11,240 
Terraform Global 
7/31/15 
400 
6.000 
1,960 
2,020 
4,980 
Twitter Inc 
11/7/13 
1,500 
39,000 
27,480 
26,805 
-12,195 
-170.895 
Viacom Inc 
6/10/15 
5,000 
338.745 
173,950 
167,850 
Volkswagen AG 
4/13/15 
5000 
254,306 
157,100 
155,625 
-98,681 
1Afisdomtree Investments Inc 
3/31/15 
15000
a24.118 
142.650 
152.550 
071.608
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
68,293,977 
80,572,245 
79,243,099 20,949,121 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
Barclays PLC ADR 
7/18/16 
100,000 
805.096 
1.077,000 
1,059,000 
253.904 
Altice 
6/22/17 
5,000 
150,000 
- 
161,500 
1,460.000 
11,500 
322.374 
Credit Suisse Group 
7/18/16 
100,000 
1,137,626 
1,414,000 
ZTO Express 
10/27/16 
3,500 
68250 
50.015 
48.860 
-1929Q 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,160,972 
2,541,015 2,729,360 
568,388 
Southern Trust Ca • Equities (Merril° 
Netease 
5/16/17 
000 
1,423,900 
- 
238.880 
4.238 
Micron Technology 
6/20/17 
d,000 
247,118 
- 
XLF Financial Sector 
6/20/17 
000 
487,600 
- 
493,400 
5,800 
ON Semiconductor 
6/8/17 
12;000 
200,038 
- 
168,480 
-31,558 
ING 
4/4/17 
26,000 
373.509 
422.0(X) 
4_34.750 
61,250 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
1,308,255 1,845,900 1,335,510 
27,255 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morga 
Colony Capital->Colony Northstar Inc. 
9/26/16 
315 
928,837 
1,035,941 
1,033,008 
104,172 
Sequential Brands 
9/23/16 
50:000 
402.134 
160,500 
199,500 
-202,634 
ZTO Express 
10/27/16 
150 
22,425 
16.434 
16,054 
4,371 
Bank of America 
3/2/16 
71400 
100,825 
168,075 
181,950 
81,125 
Editas Medicine 
3/2/16 
3,200 
102,199 
43.712 
53.696 
-48,503 
Tencent Holdings 
7/18/16 
50,000 
1.163 762 
1_722.500 
1.798.000 
634,238 
Total Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,720,182 
3,147,162 3,282,208 
562,026 
J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
Bristol Myers Squibb 
! 10/30/15 
5.000 
334,712 
269.750 
278.600 
-56.112 
Disney 
10/30/15 
4,000 
456,040 
431.760 
425.000 
41,040 
'Pfizer Inc 
10/30/15 
4,200 
3.—.312 
- 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
790,752 
838,640 
703,600 
-87,162 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
65,274,139 
88,944,962 
87,293,777 22,019,638 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETPs (DB) 
Wlsdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/13 
60,000 
2.966 099 
3.059.4% 
3_1.22.2gQ 
153.901 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETPS (DB) 
2,966,099 
3,059,400 3,120,000 
153,901 
Southern Trust Ca - Options (Merrill Lynch) 
NJ II &OM. MO soma My 
14a MS l*Ol• ittesasUniss bra le 
12/9/16 
604.174 
250.000 
5017 taitleisl WORMOH 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Options (Merrill Lynch) 
notional 
250,000 
506 
EFTA00811534
--- PAGE 6 ---
5/31/17 
6/30/17 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financial ISFLLC) 
• . • lOmm 3/1/16 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
031 864 
247 764 
0.48% 
3.05% • • ed 5ram 3/31216 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
45,031,864 
45,247,764 
9.1hdiw 10mm 1/10/17 
total Investment 40mm 
2016 /Mum 327% 
Hedge Funds -Haze 
King Street 
i s,44
1,5
111
3.516.505 
0.55% 
2.99% 2014/17 paid to date: 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
3,516,505 
4127116 5,967.954 pal 
7127116 6,102,924 pad 
2017• awl Mum 
10127114 $,1114,N1 Fps 
capital o/ 
1/27/17 3,994,644 • 
• 
2,307,103 
2016 return 4.16% 
Hedge Funds - STC 
Honeycomb 
499 939 
22.545.473 
0.20% 
12.23% adanomm mit 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
22,499,939 
22,545,473 
2018 Mom 0.44% 
Total Hedge Funds 
70,976,054 
71,309,742 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
I
SFL 
Kyara I (repaid 100 cost + 201k prop ) 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
250,000 
Kyara III -> 483,915 repaid 8/5/2015 
Kyara IV (Investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment (grat at cost) 
11,250,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,000 
src 
Adfin Solutions (investment amount) 
875,000 
butterfly trust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480.000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston, NJ 
3.000,000 
Coinbase 
I 
STC 
3,001,000 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (Investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Valar Global Fund II (investment amount - 16mrn cornmMment) 
13,650,000 
Valar Global Fund III (investment amount - 25mm committment) 
10,750,000 
Totals 
11,250,000 
3,000,000 28,775,000 
3,001,000 
6,480,000 
Total investments 
52,506,000 
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
2,500,000 
2,500.000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
6,500,000 
6,500,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N90&IE 
250,000 
Plitn g LLC 
250,000 
15,750.000 
2008 G550 
15,750,000 
Automobiles 
1,175,000 
1,175, et s 
Boats 
700,000 
700,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
2,500,000 
6,500,000 
250,000 17,625,000 26,875,000 
EFTA00811535
--- PAGE 7 ---
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
STC 
FIRE 
Totals 
Loans Receivable 
100,000 
100,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Karyna 
350,000 
350,000 
Nick RibIs 
200,000 
200,000 
Larry / Eileen Visoski 
225,000 
225,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
David Mitchell 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
302,000 
302,000 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
4,750,000 
4,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
Lesley 
200,000 
200,000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
LVI
ciii
1,300,000 
1,300,000 
525.000 
525,000 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,822,446 
6,450,000 
1,935,000 11,207,446 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Ads, Antiques & Jewelry,' 
haze That 
Giacometti (17.064.000 Pounds a tag 
22,183,200 
22,183,200 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
-30,500,000 
-30,500,000 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
32.73 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamond - insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400.000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
Fine Art Schedule 
3,050,000 
3.050.000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 25,233,200 
1,583,200 
EFTA00811536

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811537.pdf
----------------------------------------
10:14 AM 
07/27/17 
LSJE LLC 
Vendor QuickReport 
Type 
Date 
Num 
All I ragmliglIRTS 
Split 
Credit 
Jaredian Design Group 
LSJ LIVING ROOM EXTENSION 
Check 
01/29/2014 1294 Advance - Living Room Extension 
15305 • Architectural 
10,000.00 
Check 
09/02/2014 1538 Initial Payment - Nautilus, Inc. Project 
15305 • Architectural 
5,000.00 
Check 
09/19/2014 1562 Inv. 14-009.1 - Nautilus, Inc. Project 
15305 • Architectural 
18.000.00 
Check 
10/20/2014 1595 Inv. 14-009.2 - Nautilus, Inc. Project No. 14-009 
15305 • Architectural 
7,000.00 
40,000.00 
LSJ MECHANICAL ROOM/R0 PLANTNVRECKSHOP MAINTENANCE STEEL BUILDINGS 
Check 
0227/2015 1875 Maintenance Shop Design: Initial Payment 
15305 • Architectural 
25.000.00 
Check 
04/08/2015 1930 Maintenance Shop Design: Pre-Design and Conceptual Design Payment 
15305 - Architectural 
5,000.00 
Check 
05/1212015 1981 Maintenance Shop Design: Preliminary Design Services Payment 
15305 • Architectural 
15,000.00 
Check 
0710612015 2060 Maintenance Shop Design: Preliminary Design Services/Final Design Payment 
15305 • Architectural 
12,500.00 
Check 
09/13/2016 3211 Final Design/Construction Documents 
15305 • Architectural 
8,000.00 
65,500.00 
LSJ POOL TERRACE EXTENSION 
Check 
11/02/2016 1113 Initial Payment/Pre-design and Conceptual Design - New structure at the eastern end of pool ten... 
15305 - Architectural 
30,000.00 
Check 
05103/2017 3649 Preliminary Design Services - LSJ Pool Terrace 
15305 • Architectural 
15.000.00 
Check 
05/192017 3689 Preliminary Design Services/Final Design/Construction Documents - LSJ Pod Terrace 
15305 • Architectural 
15.000.00 
60,000.10 
GSJ PRE-DESIGN PERMITTING SERVICES 
Check 
01/20/2017 3427 Preliminary Layouts and Land-Use Modifications, Pre-Design Services - GSJ 
15507 - Permits 
24,230.00 
Check 
0221/2017 1603 Preliminary Layouts and Land-Use Modifications - GSJ 
15507 • Permits 
11,390.00 
Check 
06107/2017 3430 Preliminary Layouts and Land-Use Modifications. Pre-Design Services - GSJ 
15507 • Permits 
16,126.00 
Check 
07/26/2017 1609 Preliminary Layouts and Land-Use Modifications, Pre-Design Services - Payout - GSJ 
15507 • Permits 
8,000.00 
57,745.00' 
TOTAL PAYMENTS TO JAREDIAN DESIGN GROUP - HISTORY TO DATE 
223,245.00 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00811537

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811538.pdf
----------------------------------------
tese m;•:\ 
fri ,,
l sstsA Town of Palm Beach 
11‘  ,...e,\Y P. O. Box 2029 
_Nipi 
Palm Beach, Florida 33480 
LAUREL INC 
9100 HAVENSIGHT PORT OF SALE STE 15 16 
ST THOMAS, VI 00802 
Re: 
Underground Utility Assessment Area 
Parcel No: 
50-4343-27-06-000-0391 
The Town Council of the Town of Palm Beach, Florida (the "Town"), recently 
established and approved a special assessment against property within the Townwide 
Underground Utility Assessment Area of the Town (the "Assessment Area") to fund the design, 
acquisition, construction, and installation of the Underground Utility Improvements. This type 
of financing where the property owners participate in the cost of the program is used throughout 
Florida and is consistent with the policy of the Town. 
The assessments will be collected on the ad valorem tax bill, as authorized by Section 
197.3632, Florida Statutes. The assessments will be payable in not to exceed thirty (30) annual 
installments, the first of which shall be included on the ad valorem tax bill to be mailed in 
November 2017. Failure to pay the assessments will cause a tax certificate to be issued against 
the property which may result in a loss of title. 
The Town plans to finance this project with a combination of short-term and long-term 
debt to ensure the most efficient method of project financing. This will permit the cost 
attributable to your property to be amortized over a period of not to exceed thirty (30) years. 
However, you may choose to prepay your assessment in full at any time prior to September 1, 
2017 to avoid additional interest and other annual costs associated with the assessment program. 
The amount required to prepay the assessment on or prior to September 1, 2017 is $31,969.03. If 
you choose to prepay at this time, your property will no longer be subject to the annual 
assessment for underground utility improvements. 
If you wish to prepay your assessment, please make your check for the prepayment 
amount shown above, payable to the Town of Palm Beach, Florida and mail it to the Town of 
Palm Beach, Attention: Finance Department, P. O. Box 2029, Palm Beach, Florida 33480. Please 
be sure to either write the assessment parcel number (shown at the top of this letter) on your 
check or return a copy of this letter with your payment. 
Assessment records and copies of applicable Ordinances and Resolutions passed by the 
Town Council are on file at the offices of the Town Manager, located at 360 South County Road, 
Palm Beach, Florida. 
TOWN OF PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 
EFTA00811538

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811539.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
7/31/2017 
EFTA00811539
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - JULY 31, 2017 
6130117 
7/31/17 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
'127,228,936 
135,985,107 
8,756,171 
Fixed Income 
72,806,515 
73,841,829 
1,035,314 
Equities 
87,293,777 
73,617,040 
(13,676,737) 
Equity ETF's 
3,120,000 
3,138,000 
18,000 
Options 
91,350 
91,350 
Hedge Funds 
71,455,541 
73,055,554 
1,600,012 
Investments 
52,506,000 
57,756,000 
5,250,000 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
26,875,000 
26,875,000 
-
Loans Receivable 
11,207,446 
11,207,446 
-
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
123.200 
1.583.200 
Q 
Total Assets 
454,076,415 
457,150,525 
3,074,110 
Cash Activity - Items over 50.000 
STC ML - Sold 250,000 shares BK 51.84 
12,955,276 
STC ML - Sold 97,525 shares GM 35.592 
3,471,110 
STC ML - Sold 23,000 shares GE 25.4032 
584,274 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions - per brokerage stmts 
304,386 
STC ML - Sold 8,000 shares MU 31.64 
253,120 
SFL DB - Sale of AKRX, GPACU, MTCH, SQ, GLBL 
199,453 
STC MS - Sold 6,484 NGL Energy Partners 24.81 
160,858 
Enhanced - Sold 1,500 Disney 
159,804 
STC MS - Sold 5,000 Mice 31.5484 
157,532 
Enhanced - BBB 
(25,000) 
Legal - Erika Mapp Invoice 
(50,717) 
Miscellaneous 
(76,715) 
Enhanced - DPNR 
(160,000) 
NES - Pinto 400k Euro 
(456,128) 
SIC MS - Bought 2,000 NTES 308.5245 
(617,049) 
STC ML - Bought 20,000 shares TER 35.2016 
(704,032) 
STC MS - Bought 40,000 NLY 25.00 
(1,000,000) 
Spotify Investment via Honeycomb 
(1,000,000) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,150,000) 
Velar III Capital Call 
(4.250,000) 
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50 000 
8,756,171 
EFTA00811540
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Stanley 
I 
Merrill 
Amentrs. 
Totals 
. .._ 
58.184.007 
Cash 
Southern Must Company Inc. 
21,524297 
343.180 
299,452 
1.478.105 
34.538.973 
Haze Trust 
34,019,367 
34,019,367 
Southern Financial LLC 
28,971,578 
51.891 
29,023.267 
JEE 
4,539,461 
743.738 
456.950 
5,740.149 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
825,259 
71606—
2.060,885 
3,657,750 
Jeepers Inc, 
1,475,399 
7,853 
1.483.252 
963.188
JEGE Inc. 
963,188 
LSJE LW 
393,800 
327.261 
453.880 
157.161 
878221 
Southern Country International LTG 
40410 
Zorro Management LLC 
380,501 
380 501 
Plan D LLC 
220,654 
220,654 
NES LLC 
211,421 
211,421 
JEGE LLC 
141,777 
141,777 
Enhanced Education 
88,512 
22.121 
108.639 
Hyperion Air LLC 
100,292 
---
0,171 
100,292 
JEE - Paris (US 5) 
89.177 
Neptune LLC 
69,063 
69,063 
Thomas World Air LLC 
57.579 
57.579 
Cypress Inc 
FT Real Estate 
47.857 
42.149 
26.768 
22.812 
22.736 
47,857 
42,149 
Maple Inc 
26.768 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
Mrchelles Transportation Co LLC 
22.812 
22.736 
Nautilus Inc 
Great St Jim LLC 
LSJ LLC 
15.137 
8.857 
15,137 
8,857 
6.150 
6,150 
Mort Inc 
4.853 
4,853 
Laurel Inc 
_____. 
FSF LLC 
4.070 
4.070 
9-3r 
937 
IGO Company LLC 
390 
390 
The JEE Lite Ins Trust #3 
206 
20‘ 
Butterfly Trust 
Total Cash 
93,727,827 
2,226,285 
845,579 
157,181 
4,438,790 34,538,973 51,891 135,985,107 
EFTA00811541
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase I 
Quantity 
6130117 
7131/17 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
i 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Haze Weer - Fixed Income (DB) 
JP Morgan Chase 7 9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
JPM Tr Fit Rate Income Fund 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
05/10/11 
01/22/13 
3.000.000 
240,973.957 
-225.458 
-133.856 
83,332 
3937,958 
2.413.469 
3058,000 _ 
112 500 
2,279,614 
2,261,257 
10/28/14 
49,033.00 
1,180 739 
1,276,819 
1,264.071 
10/29/14 
150,967.00 
3,670,430 
3,931,181 
3,891,929 
221,499 
Citibank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000.00 
1199419 
2.337.610 
2073/...630 
368.211 
Total Haze Trust- Fixed Income (DB) 
12,602,016 
12,964,867 
12,915,744 
313,728 
Jeepers - Fixed incomr 
JPM Trust FLT FIT Income fund 
07/13/13 180,515.211 
693a 
693 923 
707174 
1,707,674 
-97 307 
Total Jeepers - Axed income (DB) 
1,804,981 
-97,307 
r i 
e 
. 
- 4x • mom* ". • . n Stange 
Western Digital Corp 7.375% Matures 4-1-2023 
06/09/16 
000 000 
086 0 i ; 
4.9 t;.- 
_ :I 
158.161 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
2,086,006 
2,233,966 
2,244,167 
158,161 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
3.439,193 
2.668.513 
$60 lig 
-660,107 
Nationwide Society 6.875% GBP cable 6/20/2019 
4/15/14 
2,000.000 
_3,779.013 
2,779,086 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
I 
3,439,193 
668 513 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merril) 
Agergan mandatory convertible proffered 5.5%3/1/2016 
08/15/16 
1,000,000 
881.500 
867,410 
894,010 
12,510 
LSCCOM 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
26,250,000 
2,789,125 
2,814889 
2.850,774 
61.649 
Kindred Heston 7.25% 1/15/2020 STC ML 
10/13/18 
3,000.000 
3,060,528 
3,260,667 
3,025667 
44,862 
Teva inarillatoryccevertible proffered 7.0% 12/15/2018 
faitISOtithent Trust Co. - Fixed income (Merrill) 
08715/16.t. ...1,000.000_ 
L. 
901,750 
7,632,903 
594.500 
7,537,466 
584.000 
-317.750
7,354,451, 
-278,462 
Southern Trutt CO. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Charles Schwab 6.0% Preferred 525 pat 
7/27/15 
40,000 
000 000 
1.086.400 
1.106.000 
106,000 
Annaly Cap Management 
7/25/17 
000 
994 000 
4,000 
000 000 
NGL Energy Partners 9%525 par 
61/17 
000 
1.151.874 
996800 
3,200 
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred $2kpar 
08/04/16 
8,000 
200,000 
166,320 
174,080 
-25.920 
Wells Fargo 5.7% Preferred $25 par 
1/19/16 
120.000 
3,000,000 
3,108.000 
3,115,200 
115,200 
Ebay 6% Preferred $25 par matures 2-1.2056 
2/22/16 
80,000 
000 000 
189 600 
2,166,400 
166,400 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
8716/16 
50D,000 
500,000 
530,000 
548,300 
48,300 
Etrade Financial 5.875% faed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 
2,500.000 
262, 3 122 
2650.000 
2,730,083 
106,961 
Royal Bank Scotland 7.64% Fixed to 9-294017 Fran 3M Libor +232Im 
11/10/15 
5.000.000 
5,298,817 
4,895,000 
4,931,082 
467,735 
Goldman Saths 6.375% FOAM to 6404030 then 392.2 one 3 motor 
6f4/15 
5,000,000 
5,034,346 
291 326 
5,285.469 
251,122 
Capital One 5.55% Fixed to 9-1-2020 then 380 over 3 mo libor 
5/14/15 
3.000 000 
413 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley)
f4,231,933 
236 4141 
670,310 
I 
I 
Southern Rnancial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
Bank olAmerica 8.125% PM Dec 29 204 
1/10/11 
2.000,000 
2,055.000 
2.100.013 ' 
2,123.626 
68,626 
Barclays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/10.2023
Citigroup Inc - Series Cl 5.95% 
4/3/13 
300,000 
8/6/15 
3,000000 
i2/3/15 
2.469,000 
6/15/11 
2.500,000 
30.000 
3,030,006 
_ 2 175 016 
687,500 
317.167 
3,223.598 
2,485.460 
2.631.667 
316.919 
3,238,968 
. 
. 
2.643.125 
16919 
238,
General Electric Co GTO Fixed to Float 4.0% Dee 152065_ 
JP Morgan Chase & Co PM 7-W -A-pril 30 2049 
281,913 
44,375 
JP Morgan Chase 6 Co Pfd 7.916 /Vat .30 2049_____ 
LBG Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
6/15/11 
5/21/13 
2.500,000 
1.903.000 
3.000,000 
2,675,000 
1,948,500
2,996.074 
2.631.667 
2,100.446 
3.400.104 
2.643,125 
31,875 
2130,567 
182,067 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3,438 760 
442,676 
GMAC Cap TR I GTD PM Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
000 
1,862.774 
2,096.00 
2.12400 
241.22e
Total Southern Financial LLC • Fixed income (09) 
719 870 
20,986,1$ 
21,116,000 
1,396,139 
Southern Financial LLC .. Fixed Income (DB) 
[tangos 
Washington Mutual hltg 2004-RA2 cl CBI var 7/25/2033 
11119/13 
562.781 
939—.§19, _489.729 
188.293 
57.845 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
430,640 
489,729 
488,285 
57,645 
TOTAL AXED INCOME 
72,381,714 
72,806,515 
73,841,829 
1,480,116 
Note • Accrued Interest mras boon inckided in month en MUNI income auras 
EFTA00811542
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
I 
6/30117 
7131117 
I Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
I Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
Akorn Inc. 
Akbaba Group 
Allianz SE ADR 
6/10/15. 
"-- 
6/10/15 
4/13/15 
5.000 
234.205 
5.000 
444.749 
5.000 
90.056 
fa:VW-
704.500 
98.875 
_ 
' 
.:_1 
774.750 I 
106.750
. 
434.?06
330,001 
Apple Inc 
Apple Inc 
9/5/14 
64.000 
250.000 
6.332.800 
9,217,280 
9,518,720 
3,185,920 
1/11/16 
24,750.008 
38,005000 
37,182.500 
12,432 494 
Apollo Global Management
3/31/11. 
263.157 
999 983 
6.960.503 
7,394,712 
394 729 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. (Formerly Dress Barn 1.3.11) 
1/16101i 
70.500 
151.575 
164,970 
-1,335.030 
1,50000 
Avalanche Biotechnologies now called Advorum Btotochnolowes 
4/20/16 
10,000 
398,606 
25,000 
25,500 
373,106 
BASF ADR 
4/13/15 
5,000 
508.056 
466,450 
476,350 
-31,706 
Bank of New York Mellon 
6/25/14 
250.000 
9.076.406 
12,755,000 
-9,076,406 
356.236 
Biogen Idec Inc 
2114/12 
2,095 
250,455 
568,499 
606.691 
Bioverativ Inc 
OM 
1,047 
20,254 
62,996 
84,863 
44.629 
248,484 
Centene Corp 
9/8/14 
15,550 
986,497 
242,134 
1,234,981 
Dish Network Corp 
6/10/15 
5,000 
384,978 
313,800 
320,150 
-44.828 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
17500 
665000 
2642150 
2961,875 
2,296,875 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/16/14 
49830 
1.265.037 
1,980,743 
1,781,491 
496,454 
General Motors Co 
12/9/10 
97,525 
3.585,947 
3406548 
-3,565,947 
General Electric Co 
4/23/13 
23,000 
496,109 
621,230 
-496,109 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
2/5/14 
5,000 
396,407 
353 900 
380 450 
-15,957 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
3/7/14 
3,100 
246,797 
219,418 
235,879 
202,600 
-10.918 
-12,406 
'Cie xo Smith Kline PLC 
6/10/15 
6,000 
215,008 
215 600 
Global Partner Acquisition Corp 
7/30/15 
2.000 
20,000 
19,700 
-20 000 
GoDaddy Inc. 
4/1/15 
700 
14,000 
29,694 
30,086 
16,086 
Match 
11/19/15 
200 
2,400 
3,476 
- 
-2,400 
Mobileye NVAmstelveen Ord Shares 
811/14 
800 
20,000 
50,240 
50,640 
30,640 
Square 
11/19/15 
200 
1,800 
3,476 
-1,800 
Sangamo Biosciences Inc 
6/28/13 
,000 
422,214 
440,000 
430,000 
7,786 
Santander Consumer USA 
1/28/14 
000 
000 
760 
810 
-11 190 
larraform Global 
7/31/15 
400 
20 
-(000 
Twitter Inc 
11/7/13 
1,500 
000 
26805 1 
24,135 
-14,865 
Viacom Inc 
8/10/15 
5.000 
338,745 
167501 
174.600 
-164,145 
Volkswagen AG 
Wildocn1ree Investments Inc 
4/13/15 
3/31/15 
5,000 
254,306 
15000 
324,158 
155,625
152 550 
157,250 . 
..._.
____ 
156.600 
__ -97,056 
z.16Z,556 
Total eouthern Financial LLC • Equities (DB) 
68,293,977 
79,243,099 
64,449,372 
6,166,395 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
7/18/16
6/22/17 
7/11/17 
7/18/16 
10/27/16 
Barclays PLC ADR 
100.000 
805,096 
5.000 
2.000 
617,135
100,000 
1,137.626 
3.500 
250 
2,628,107 
1.059.000 
161.500 
- 
1.460.000 
48,860 
1.073.000 
622.560 
. 
1.535.000 
430 
267,904 
_ 0 
 5,425 
Alice 
Natease.com Inc 
Credit Suisse Group
ZTO Expiate 
397156 
374 
654,883 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,729,360 
3,282,990 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill)_ 
Teradyhe Inc 
7/20/17._- ' 
6120117 
6/20/17 
6/8/17 
4/4/17 
—2800 
8,000 
i 
704.832 
487.600 
. 
.
-_ _
691.800 
-13,0g 
14,200 
-20.638 
____ 
Moron technology 
238 880 
XLF Finanacial Sector 
20,000 
493,400 
501,800 
ON Semiconductor 
12,000 
25.000 
200.038 
-_873.5co —
4 
434.750._ 
179,400 
465.25 
ING 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (titeryllti 
1,765,970' 1,335,510 1,841,250 
75,280 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (illsuge 
ColtinycapislaCo_kmy NorthstarInct.____ 
Sequential Brenda 
270 Express 
Bank of America 
9/26/16 
9/23/16 
10/27/16 
3/7/161 
. . 73.315 
50.000 
1.150 
7.500 
928.837 
402.134 
22425 
100,825 
1.033.006 
199.500 
16,054 
-- I:073,332 I 
160,500 
17,227 
1:14:496 
__241,634 
-5,198
80.075 
181.950 
180,900 
Eclitas Medicine 
3/2/16 
3,200 
102,199 
53.696 
54,144 
-48.055 
',anoint Holdings 
50.000 
1.163.762 _.1.798.00Q .. 1.996.000 
634,236 
Total Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
J Epateln VI Foundation - Eqult es (DB) 
2,720,182 
3,282,208 3,484,103 
763,920 
-50.212 
j0289 
Bristol Myers Squibb 
334,712 
278.600 
425000 
284.500 
' 
274.825 
Disney 
0/30/ 
285.025 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
 619,737 . _793,600 _ 
659 325 .__ -60412 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
66,027,973 
87,293,777 
73,617 040 
7,689,067 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity EIT's (DB) 
I 
Wlsdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/13 
60,000 
968 099 
120 000 
3.1388001 
121.901 
Total Southern Financial LW - Equity ETF'S (DB) 
I 
2,966,099 3 120 000 3 138 000i 
171,901 
Southern Financial 
Financial LLC - Options (DB) 
Long FXE 113 Calls - exp Sep 15 2017 
7119117i 
450 
36.006 
98,550I 
62,544 
Short FXE 110 Puts - exp Sep 15 2017 
7/19/171 
(450) 
41043 
77.2QQ_ 
460 
Total Southern Financial LW - Options (08) 
4,963 
91,3501 
86,387 
EFTA00811543
--- PAGE 6 ---
6/30/17 
7/31/17 
MID 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern FinancialfSFLLQ 
added 10mm 3iii16 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
45.393.564 
45.746.548 
0.78% 
4.19% *dried fenm 3trine 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
45,393,564 
45,746,548 
winanvlOmm WOW 
weal immetment 40mm 
2015 Mum 3.77% 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
King Street 
3.516.505 
3.648.710 
20M117 mkt be dale: 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
3,516,505 
3,648,710 
3017 •aprp alum 
4172111 5,47,954 paid 
of capital of 
7/27/10 6.102,124 paid 
2.307403 
10/27116 6,186,141 pale 
4tle111.414 
112787 3,99044 US 
diarib000011 
201$ return 4.ee% 
Hedge Funds - STC 
Honeycomb 
22.545.473 
23.660.296 
4.94% 
17.78% added 2Orrun 041/10 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
22,545,473 
23,660,296 
2011 return 0.44% 
Total Hedge Funds 
71,455,541 73,055,554 
. 
- 
. 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
Kyara I (repaid 100 cost + 201k profit 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
250,000 
Kyara III -> 483,915 repaid 8/5/2015 
Kyara IV (Investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment rat at cost) 
11,250,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,000 
SIC 
Adfin Solutions (investment amount) 
875,000 
butterfly trust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investmen amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston, NJ 
3,000,000 
Coinbase 
SIC 
3,001,000 
Spotify via Honeycomb 
1,000,000 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Valar Global Fund II (amount funded vs 15mm committmen ) 
13,650,000 000/24717 Is flaws 5.8rown ommelued pis) 
Valar Global Fund III (amount funded vs 25mm committment) 
15,000,000 (80312017 le Sm. altrommteelimei 061) 
Totals 
I 
260 000 
3,000,000 
34,026,000 
3,001,000 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
57,756,000 
I 
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
I 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
2,500,000 
2,500,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
6,500,000 
6,500,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
250,000 
Plan D LLC 
250,000 
2008 G550 
15,750,000 
15,750,000 
Automobiles 
1,175,000 
1,175.000 
Boats 
700,000 
700,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
2,500.000 
6,500,000 
250,000 17,625,000 26,875,000 
hlto://www.espn.corninin/M0ryi jun20421. 
.J•kvrin.wvintt-hoSIOn•Cellics-deal.unClvding•luaiali-Thomas 
8/2207, 10:27 PM 
Page 10 of 9 
EFTA00811544
--- PAGE 7 ---
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
STC 
FTRE 
Totals 
Loans icervable 
100,000 
100,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100.000 
Karyna 
350,000 
350,000 
Nick Ribis 
200,000 
200,000 
Larry / Eileen Visoski 
225,000 
225,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
David Mitchell 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
302,000 
302,000 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
4,750,000 
4,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
Lesley 
200,000 
200,000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
LV Home & Other 
1,300,000 
1,300.000 
525.000 
525,000 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,822,446 
6,450,000 
1,935,000 11,207,446 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
haze bus 
Giacometti (17,064,000 pounds @ 1.30) 
22,183,200 
22,183,200 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LW) 
-30,500,000 
-30,500,000 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
32.73 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamond - Insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400.000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775.000 
Fine Art Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 -29,725,000 25,233,200 
1,583,200 
EFTA00811545

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811546.pdf
----------------------------------------
Brokerage Account Analysis 
As of July 31, 2017 
Fixed 
Equities 
Cash 
Total 
Value 
Account Name 
Income 
Deutsche Bank 
Haze Trust 
12,915,744 i 
5,238,241 
18,153,985 
Jeepers Inc. 
1,707,674 
0. 
1,475,398 
3,183,072 
J Epstein VI Foundation 
- 
559,3251 
86,512 
645.837 
Southern Trust Company 
2,779,086 ' 
0I 
730,398 
3.509,484 
Southern Financial LLC 
21.604.294 
67.678.7Z2 I 
17.438.124 
106.721.140
132,213,518 
Total Deutsche Bank 
39,006,798 
68,238,047 
24,968,673 
30% 
52% 
19% 
100% 
Total Deutsche Bank without apple ** 
39,006,798 
21,536,827 
24,968,673 
85,512,298 
100% 
25% 
i 
29% 
Merrill Lynch 
Southern Trust Company 
 7.354.461. ' 
1.841.250 
31.067.864 
40.263.565 
Total Merrill Lynch 
354 451 
841 50 i 31 067 864 
63 565 
18% 
5% 
; 
77% 
100% 
Morgan Stanley
Southern Trust Company 
25,236,414 
3,282,990 l 
1,478,106 
29,997,510 
Gratitude America - Andrew 
2,244,167 
2,233,044 l 
232,624 
4,709,835 
Gratitude America - Paula 
- 
1.251.059 
2.728.062 
3.979.120 
Total Morgan Stanley 
27,480,581 
6,767,093 
4,438,791 
38,686,465 
TOTALS 
73,841,830 
76,846,390 
60,475,328 211,163,548 
35% 
I 
38% 
29% 
100% 
TOTALS - without apple ** 
73,841,830 
30,145,170 • 
60,475,328 164,462,328 
45% 
18% 
37% 
100% 
NOTES 
t, 
a) Morgan Stanley STC account must be transferred by September 18, 2017 
b) TD Ameritrade has 50,000 in cash and can be used to trade 
c) Interactive brokers being setup to serve as Prime Broker for STC and subsidiaries 
"Apple 314,000 shares with 98.99 cost basis 
I 
• 
EFTA00811546
--- PAGE 2 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
6/30117 
7131117 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
. . 
— 
Haze Trust - Fixed income (DA)3,, 
-- 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
JPM Tr Fit Rate Income Fund 
05/10/11 
01/22/13 
3.000,000 
240.973.957 
3337.958 
2.413,469 
3158000 
2261,257 
3,112,500
2.279,614 
-225,458-1
-133,85t 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/28/14
10/29/14 
033.00 
150,967.00 
1.180.739 
3.670,430 
276,619 . 
3,931,181 
1,264,071 
3.891.929 
83„3-3-214
221,499 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
Citibank Preferred Set K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
000 00 
1.999 419 _..2,337.610 
2,367 630 
an 211 
Total Haze Trust - Fixed McCune (08) 
12,602,016 
12,964,867 
12,915,744 
313,728 
-Peepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
JPM Trust FLT RT Income fund 
02/13/13 180,515.211 
1.804.981 
1.691923 
1,707.674 
-97.307' 
Total Ampere Fixed Income 
1,804,981 
1,693.923 
1,707,674 
47,307 
- 
(DB) 
Gratitude America - Fixed income (Morgan Stanley.) 
Western Digital Corp 7.375% Matures 4-1-2023 
06/09/16 
2,000,000 
ZaDo6,_ 
244 167 
158.1011 
Total Gratitude America- Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
2,086,006 
_2.233.965 
2,233,965 
2,244,167 
150,141 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DM 
Nationwide Society 6.875% GBP calable 8/202019 
4/15/14
2,000.000 
3.439.193 
LOW= 
2,668,613 
2.779.086
2,779,086 
&Vat 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
3,439,193 
-660,107 
Southern DIM Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
Morgan mandatory convertible proffered 5.5% 3/1/2018 
08/15/16'
1,000,000 
881,500 
867,410 
894,010 
12,510' 
LSGCOM 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
26,250,000 
2,789,125 
2,814.889 
2,850,774 
61.649; 
Kindred Healthcare 7.25% I/15/2020 STC ML 
10/13/16 
3,000,000 
080 528 
260 667 
3,025,667 
34,862 
Teva mandatory convertible preffered 7.0% 12/15/2018 
08/15/16 
1.000.000 
901,750 ,,
wa gt4 
637 466 
SW 
-___7,_354,151 
 -317.75Co
278.2452i 
Total SopthInt Mpg Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill)  
7,632,903 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (Morgan Stanley) 
Charles Schwab 8.0% Preferred $25 par 
727/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,086,400 
1.106.000 
106.000; 
Annaly Cap Management 
7/25/17 
40,000 
1,000,000 
- 
994,000 
-6,000 
NGL Energy Partners 9% S25 par 
6/8/17 
40,000 
000 OCO 
1,151.874 
996,800 
3,200',
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred $25 par 
08/04/16 
8,000 
200000 
166.320 
174 080 
-25,920.
115,200. 
Wells Fargo 5.7% Preferred $25 par 
1/19/16 
120.000 
3,000.000 
3,108,0W 
3,116,200 
Ebay 6% Preferred $25 par matures 2-1-2056 
2122/16 
80,000 
2,000,000 
2,189.600 
2,166,400 
3400: 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
8/16/16 
500,000 
500,000 
530,000 
548,300 
41300; 
Made Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 
/500,000 
2,623,122 
2,650,000 
2,730 083 
106 961. 
Royal Bank Scotland 7.84% Flmd to 4294017 than VA Libor .2320p 
11/1 0/15 
5.06(1.000 
--6,3wsi-7-
4395,000 
4,931,082 
467,73fi 
Gcednian Sachs 5.375% Fond b 5-104020 then 392.2 over 3 mo liar 
6/4/15 
5,000,000 
5,C44346
1009.819 
%291,326 
5,285_,469 
3.189 OQQ 
251,121, 
Capital One 5.55% Fixed to 9-1-2020 Men 380 over 3 mo NW 
5/14/15 
3,000.000 
163 413 
1Z9JAZ : 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stenle 
24,666,104 
24,231,933 
236 414 
570,310: 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
Bank of America 8.125% Pfd Dec 29 2049 
1/10/11 
2,000,000 
2,055,000 
2,100.013 
2,123,626 
68,626; 
Barclays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/10/2023 
413113 
300.000 
300,000 
317.167 
316,919 
16,919i 
Citigroup Inc - Series Q 5.95% 
General Electric Co GTO Fixed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
JP
 Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
JP Morgan Chase 8 Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
LBG Ca_pitai 7.5% 12/29/49 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
8/6/15 
12/3/15 
6/15/11 
6/15/11 
5/21/13 
1/30/12 
3.000.000 
1000208 
3,223.598 
3.238 968 
236 962 
.i._,_.,
x___ 
2.469,000 
2.500.000 
2.500.000 
1.903.000 
3.000,0004_ 
175,016 
2,485,460 
2,631.667 
2.456,929 
2.643525 
281 913' 
44,375! 
1887,500 
2,675,000 
1.948.500 
2,996 074 
2,631.667 
2,100.44!3
Z130,567 
3,400,104 
2.643,125 
3.438,750 
  -31,875 
'
182 0821 
_ 
442,676 
WAG Cap TR I GTO Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
222/12 
80,0001 
1.882.774 Sit= 
SO 
21,116,009 
241.226' 
1,396,139 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
19,719,870 
20,986,120 
430,640 
430,640 
Southern FlnanclallIr Fixed Income (DB) 
lesugge_ 
--
Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 cl CBI var 7/252033 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
11/19/13 
542781 
489229 
489,729 
481285 
488
57,8451 
' 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
72,381,714 
72,806,515 
73,841,829 
isammisi 
Note- Availed interesthas been included In month en liked income MUMS 
_1 
EFTA00811547
--- PAGE 3 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
6/30117 
7/31/17 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
' 
Coat 
Value 
Value 
Galn (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - WtMelPEI)   
_.. 
Alcorn Inc 
_....___... _..._....._ _...... 
Alibaba Group 
Alltanz SE ADR 
6/10/154
6/1W_111_ 
4filsis 
5.000 
5,000 
Cat-
W 206
.i 
444.749 
--9-6,Oto 
167.700 
704.500 
98875 
- 
774,750 
- -Wile 
-234.206 
330,001 
—
18:OOE 
Apple Inc 
915/14 
64,000 
6.332,800 
9,217,280 
9,518 720 
3185,92Q 
le Inc 
1111/16 
250,000 
24.750.006 
36,005,000 
37,182,500 
1432.494 
Apollo Global Management 
3131/11 
263,157 
4,999,983 
6,960,503 
7,394,712 
2,394,729 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. (Formerly Dress Sam 1.3.11) 
inivoi 
70.800 
1500.000 
151.575 
164,970 
-1.335.030 
Avalanche Biotechnoiegles now called Adverum Beledinolcoes 
4120115 
10000 
398,606 
25,000 
25500 
-373,108. 
BASF ADR 
4/13/15 
‘000 
508,056 
466,450 
476,350 
-31,706 
Bank of New York Mellon 
6/25/14 
250,000 
9,076 406 
12,755,000 
- 
-9,076 408 
Biogen Idec Inc 
2/14/12 
Z095 
250,455 
568,499 
608.691 
356,236 
Bioverativ Inc 
2/1/17 
1,047 
20.254 
62,998 
84.883 
44,629 
Centene Corp 
918/14 
15,550 
986,497 
242 134 
1,234,981 
248,484 
Dish Network Corp 
6110115 
5,000 
364,978 
313,800 
320.150 
-44,828 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
500 
665,000 
2,642150 
2,961 875 
2.296,875' 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/16/14 
49.830 
1.285,037 
1,980,743 
1,761,491 
496,454 
General Motors Co 
12/9/10 
97,525 
3,585,947 
3,406,548 
- 
-3585 947; 
General Electric Co 
4/23/13 
23,000 
496.109 
621,230 
-496.10M 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
2/5/14 
5,000 
396 407 
353,900 
380 450 
-15 957 
57)14 
3,100 
246,797 ---
1i9,418 
235,879 
-10,918! 
Glaxo Smith Kline PLC 
6/10/15 
5,000 
215,006 
215,600 
202,600 
-12,4061 
Global Partner Acquisition Corp 
7/30115 
2.000 
20,000 
19,700 
-20,000: 
GoDadgy Inc. 
4/1/15 
700 
000 
29,894 
30,088 
16,086 
Match 
11/19/15 
200 
2,400 
3.476 
- 
-2,400 
Mobileye NV AmsteNeen OM Shares 
811114 
800 
20,000 
50,240 
50,640 
30640 
Square 
11119/15 
200 
1.800 
3,476 
- 
-1,800 
Sangamo Biosciences Inc 
5/28/13 
50,000 
422.214 
440,000 
430,000 
7,788 
Santander Consumer USA 
1128/14 
1,000 
24,000 
12,760 
12,810 
-11190 
Terraform Global 
7/31/151 
400 
6.000 
2,020 
-60001 
Twitter Inc 
11/7/13 
1,500 
39,000 
26805,
24,135 
-14,865/
Viacom Inc 
6110115 
5.000 
338,745 
187.850 
174,600 
-164,1451 
Volkswagen AG 
4/13/15 
341/15 
5.000. ... __._254,306 
15000 
155825 
157,250 
___156.6Q3 
•97,0561 
7.1.0.7aW1 
Wadomtree Investments Inc 
3.24.158 _•,• • 152,9.5P 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
58,293,977 
79,243,099 
64,449,372 
6,155,395j 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Mogan Stanley)
• 
Barclays PLC ADR 
711.116 
100,000 
805,008 
1.059.000 
1,073,000 i 
267,904! 
Mice 
6/22117 
7/11/171.
M8/16 
10/27/16, 
5,000 
2.005 
103.000 
3,500 
617,135 
1,137.626 
0.250 
161,500 
- 
1,460,000 
4(860 
- 
-622.Wi 
1,§3.5,goo 
52.4.30 
Pi 
s4251 
397 374 
ALM'
654,883 
Neteate.com Inc 
Credit Suisse Group 
2:70 Express 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,628,107 2,729,360 
_ 
1;182,990 
Southern Trust Co. -Equities (Merrill) 
- 
i 
41021 
Teradyne Inc 
7/20/17 
20.000 
704,832 
891,800 
Micron Technology 
6120/17 
8.000 
487,600 
238,880 
493.400 
501,800 
0' 
14,2001 
XLF Finanadal Sector 
6/20/17 
20.000 
ON Semiconductor 
6/8/17 
12.000 
200.038 
371,10g 
168,480_ 
179,400 .__ _2 46381 
ING 
4/4/17 
25.000 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
1,765,970 
„ 
I 
P 
75,280
—._ 
. 
Gratitude
 iiiiiiiii: 
C. TD  : 44iiiiiifiliiiiiirtinTe
Colony Capital->Colony_Northslar Inc. 
Sequential Brands 
270 Express 
Bank of America 
—. ..... ....-. 
9/211/16 
9/23/1C .
10/27/181 
3/21161 
.......— . 
73.315 
50.000 
1.150 
7,500 
928,837 
402,134 
22425 ._
100 825 
1.033,60-6 
199,500 
18,054 
181,950 
1,073.332 
160,500 
---- 17227  
180,900 
.
144.4951 
-241,634i 
-51981 
800, 731
Editas Medicine 
312116, 
3,200 
10/199 
53,696 
54,144 
-48,055 
Tencent Holdings 
Total Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
j Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
&islet Myers Squibb 
7/18/161 
I 
. 
50000 
1,163,762 
2,720,182 
1,798,000 
3,282,208 
1.998,000 
3,484,103 
8342t
763a0 
I 
5.000 
2.500 
10/30/1-
334,7121 
278,600 I.
284,500 • 
-50,212I 
Disney 
10/30/18 
285.0251 
425.0420 
274.825
_
nil 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
• •--_ -- 
619,737 
703,600 
66,027,973 
87,293,777. 
559,325 
73,617,040 
-60,412 
7,589,0671
TOTAL EQUITIES 
Southern Financial LLC • Equity—EY-Ps (DB) 
I 
Vesdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/131 
60,000 
2„866.089 
3.120 000 
2.113.402 
1ZL991 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF'S (DB) 
2,966,099 3,120,000 3,138,000 
171,901r 
Southern Financial LLC - Options (DB) 
Long FXE 113 Calls - exp Sep 15 2017 
7/19/17 
450 
36,006 
550 
544! 
Slott FXE 110 Puts - exp Sep 15 2017 
7/19/17 
(450) 
4114.3 
Iii2O 
2;(0431
Total Southern Financial LLC - Options (DB) 
4,963 
91,350 
86,387 
EFTA00811548

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811549.pdf
----------------------------------------
Brokerage Account Analysis 
As of July 31, 201 7 
Account Name 
Fixed 
Income 
Equities 
Total 
Cash 
Value 
Deutsche Bank 
Haze Trust 
12,915,744 1 
5,238,241 
18,153,985 
Jeepers Inc. 
1,707,874 
1,475,398 
3,183,072 
J Epstein VI Foundation 
- 
559,325 
86,512 
645,837 
Southern Trust Company 
2,779,086 
730,398 
3,509,484 
Southem Financial LLC 
21,604,2941 67.678.722, 
17,438,124 
106.721 .140 
Total Deutsche Bank 
39,006,7981 
68,238,047 
24,968,673 132,213,518 
30% 
52% 
19% 
100% 
Total Deutsche Bank without apple" 
39,006,7981 
21,536,827 
24,968,673 
85,512,298 
46% 
25% 
29% 
100% 
Menill Lynch 
Southern Trust Company 
7.354.451 
1.841.250 
31.067.864 
40.263.565 
Total Merrill Lynch 
7,354,451 
1,841,250 
31,067,864 
40,263,565 
18% 
j 
5% 
77% 
100% 
Morgan Stanley 
Southern Trust Company 
25,236,414 
3,282,990 
1,478,106 
29,997,510 
Gratitude America - Andrew 
2,244,167 
2,233,044 
232,624 
4,709,835 
Gratitude America - Paula 
- 
1.251.059 1 
2.728.062 
3.979.120 
Total Morgan Stanley 
27,480,581 
6,767,093 
4,438,791 
38,686,465 
TOTALS 
73,841,830 
76,846,390 i 60,476,328 211,163,548 
35% 
36% 
29% 
100% 
TOTALS - without apple'" 
73,841,830 1 30,145,170i 60,475,328 164,462,328 
45% 
18% 
37% 
100% 
i 
NOTES 
I 
a) Morgan Stanley STC account must be transferred by September 18, 2017 
131 TD Ameritrade has 50,000 in cash and can be used to trade 
c) Interactive brokers being setup to serve as Prime Broker for STC and subsidiaries 
I 
I 
"Apple 314,000 shares with 98.99 cost basis 
EFTA00811549
--- PAGE 2 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
6/30/17 
7/31/17 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Hare Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 
3,000000 
3,337,958 
3,158,000 
3,112,500 
-225,458 
JPM Tr Flt Rate Income Fund 
01/22/13 
240,974 
2,413.469 
2.261,257 
2,279,614 
-133.858 
Cibbank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/28/14 
49033 
1180,739 
1,276,819 
1,264,071 
83,332 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/29/14 
150,967 
3070,430 
3131,161 
3,891.929 
221,499 
Citibank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3114 
79,000 
1199.416 
L3,37.619 
2.367.630 
368.211.
313,728 
Total Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
12,602,016 
12164067 
12,915,744 
Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
JPM Trust FLT RT Income fund 
02(13/13 180,515.211 
1804 981 
1100223 
707-674 
aleVZ 
-97,307 
Total Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,804,961 
1,693,923 
1,707,674 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Western Digital Corp 7.375% Matures 4-1-2023 
06/09/16 
2,000,000 
2.066_006 
233165 
2244 167 
158181, 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed income (Morgan Stanley) 
2,086,006 
2,233,965 
2,244,167 
158,161 
Southern Trust Ca - Axed Income (DB) 
Nationwide Society 6.875% GBP callable 6/20/2019 
4115/14 
2,000,000 
lialia
2,06,112 
779 ON 
-660107 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Axed Income (DB) 
3,S
=39, S 
2,668,513 
2,779,086 
-660,107 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
Allergen mandatory convertible coffered 5.5% 3/1/2018 
08115/16 
1,000,000 
881,500 
867.410 
894010,
12,510 
LSCCOM 8.75% 10115/2023 
01/13/17 
26,250,000 
2.789.125 
2014.889 
2,850,774 
61,649 
Kindred Healthcare 7.25%1/15/2020 STC ML 
10113/18 
3000000 
3,060 528 
3,260.667 
3,025,667 
-34,862 
Teva mandatory convertible prellered 7.0% 12/15/2018 
08/15/16 
1000,000 
601'750 
594.500 
564.006 
-317 750 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
7,632,903 
7,537,466 
7,354,451 
-278,452 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Charles Sthweb 6.0% Preferred 525par 
7/27/15 
40000 
1,000,000 
1,086,400 
1,108000 
106 000 
Ann* Cap Management 
7/25/17 
40100 
1.000,000 
- 
994.000 
4.000 
NM Energy Partners 9% 525 per 
6/8/17 
40,000 
1.000.000 
1,151074 
996,800 
-3,200 
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred 525 par 
08/04/18 
8,000 
200.000 
168.320 
174080 
-25,920 
Welts Fargo 5.7% Preferred 525 par 
1/19/16 
120,000 
3000,000 
3,108,000 
3,115,200 
115,200 
Ebay 6% Preferred 525 par matures 2-1-2056 
2/22/16 
80,000 
2.000.000 
2,189,600 
2,166,400 
166,400 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then Boats 
8/16/16 
500,000 
500.000 
530.000 
548,300 
48,300 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 
2,500,000 
2.623,122 
2,650,000 
2.730.083 
106,961 
Royal Bank Scotland 7.64% Rod b 9442017 then 3M Loo/ +232bp 
11/10/15 
5,000,000 
5.298,817 
4,895,000 
4,931,082 
467,735 
Gcadman Sachs 5 375% Fixed to 5.10.2020 then 392.2 over 3 mo ter 
6/4/15 
5,000,000 
5,034.346 
5,291,326 
5285,469 
251,122 
Capital One 5.55% Ftced to 9.1.2020 then 380 over 3 mo asor 
5/14/15 
3,000,000 
3139.819 
163 413 
3.189 000 
179.18% 
Total Southern Trust Co.- Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
24,666,104 
24,231,933 
25,236,4141 
570,310 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
Bank of America 8.125% Pfd Dec 29 2049 
1/10/11 
2,000,000 
055,600 
2,100013 
2123626
,
68.628 
Barclays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/10/2023 
4/3/13 
300,000 
300,000 
317,167 
swim 9 
16,919 
Citigroup Inc - Series O 5.95% 
8/8/15 
000,000 
3,000,006 
3,223,598 
3,238,968 
238,962 
General Electric Co GTD Foxed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
12/3/15 
2469000 
2.175,018 
2.485,460 
2,456,929 
281.913 
JP Morgan Chase 8 Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2,687,500 
2,631,667 
2,643,125 
44,375 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6115111 
2600,000 
2,675,000 
2.631.667 
2,643.125 
-31.875 
LBG Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5/21/13 
1,903,000 
1.948,500 
2,100,446 
2,130,567 
182,067 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3.000,000 
2,996,074 
3,400.104 
3,438,750 
442,676 
GMAC Cap TR I GTD PSI Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
882 774 
2196000 
2.124108 
241 2gli 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
19,719,870 
20,986,120 
21,116,009 i 
1,396,139 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
lasamalim 
Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 CI CB1 var 7/25/2033 
11/19/13 
562,781 
430.840_ 
489 729 . 
480285 
07-a0, 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed income (DB) 
430,640 
489,729 
488,285 
57,646 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
72,381,714 
72,806,515 
73,841,829 
1,460,116 
Ore - Accrued Interest has been included In month end fixed income values 
EFTA00811550
--- PAGE 3 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
6/30/17 
7131117 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
Akom Inc. 
8/10/15 
5,000 
167,700 
- 
Alibaba Group 
6110115 
5,000 
444.749 
704,500 
774,750 
330.001 
AIDanz SE ADR 
4/13/15 
5,000 
90,058 
98.875 
108,750 
16,694 
Apple Inc 
9/5114 
64,000 
6,332,800 
9,217,280 
9,518,720 
3,185.920 
Apple Inc 
1/11116 
250,000 
24,750,006 
38,005,000 
37,182,500 
12.432.494 
Apollo Global Management 
3131111 
263 157 
4,999,983 
6,960,503 
7,394,712 
2,394.729 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. (Formerly Dress Barn 1.3.11) 
1/16101 
70.500 
1,500,000 
151,575 
164,970 
-1.335.030 
Avalanche Blotechnologies now called Adverum Blotechnologles 
4/20/15 
10,000 
398,606 
030 
25500 
-373.106 
BASF ADR 
4/13/15 
5,000 
508,056 
466,450 
476.350 
-31,708 
Bank of New York Mellon 
6/25/14 
250,000 
12,755,000 
Biogen Idec Inc 
2114/12 
2,095 
250,455 
568,499 
606.691 
356,236 
Bioverativ Inc 
2/1/17 
1,047 
20,254 
62,998 
64,883 
44,629 
Centene Corp 
9/8114 
15,550 
986,497 
1242.134 
1.234,981 
248,484 
Dish Network Corp 
6110115 
5,000 
364,978 
313,800 
320,150 I 
-44,828 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
17,500 
665,000 
2.642.150 
2,961.875 
2,296.875 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/16114 
49,830 
1.265,037 
1,980,743 
1.761.491 
496,454 
General Motors Co 
12/9110 
525 
3.406.548 
- 
General Electric Co 
4123113 
23:540 
621.230 
- 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
2/5/14 
5,000 
396,407 
353,900 
380,450 
-15957 
-1O18 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
3/7/14 
3,100 
246,797 
219.418 
235579 
Glaxo Smith Kline PLC 
6/10/15 
5,000 
215,008 
215.600 
202,600 
-12,406 
Global Partner Acquisition Corp 
7/30/15 
2,000 
19,700 
- 
GoDaddy Inc. 
4/1/15 
700 
14,000 
29,694 
30,086 
16,086 
Match 
11/19/15 
200 
3.476 
- 
Motaeye NVArnsteNeen Ord Shares 
8/1114 
800 
20,000 
50,240 
50,640 
30,640 
Square 
11/1Q/15 
200 
3.476 
- 
Sangamo Biosciences Inc 
5/28/13 
50,000 
422,214 
440,000 
430.000 
7.786 
Santander Consumer USA 
1/28/14 
1,000 
24,000 
12.760 
12.810 
-11,190 
Terratorm Global 
7/31/15 
400 
2,020 
- 
Twitter Inc 
11/7/13 
1,500 
39,000 
26,805 
24.135 
-14565 
Viacom Inc 
6/10/15 
5,000 
338.745 
167.850 
174,600 
-164,145 
Volkswagen AG 
4113/15 
5,000 
254.306 
155,625 
157.250 
-97,056 
Wisdomtree Investments Inc 
3/31/15 
15000 
324 158 
152.55Q 
156899 
-187558 
Total Southern Financial LLC- Equities (08) 
44,871,109 
79,243,099 
64,449,372 19,578,263 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
Barclays PLC ADR 
7/18/18 
100,000 
805,096 
1,059,000 
1.073.000 
267.904 
Altice 
6/22117 
5,000 
161,500 
- 
Netease.com Inc 
7/11/17 
2,000 
617,135 
- 
622.560 
5,425 
Credit Suisse Group 
7/18/16 
100000 
1,137.626 
1460.000 
1.535.000 
397,374 
ZTO
Express 
10/
,,..
.
52430
JAM
250 
48.860 
- 
654,883 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,628,107 2,729,360 3,282,990 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
Teradyne Inc 
7/20/17 
20,000 
704,832 
- 
691.800 
-13.032 
Micron Technology 
6/20/17 
8,000 
238,880 
- 
XLF Financial Sector 
6/20/17 
20,000 
487,800 
493,400 
501.800 
14,200 
ON Semiconductor 
6/8/17 
12000 
200,038 
168,480 
179,400 
-20,638 
ING 
4/4/17 
25,000 
,73.500 
434.750 
488250 
9475Q 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merril° 
1,765,970 1,335,510 1,841,250 
75,280 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan 
nl 
Colony Caphal-'Colony Northstar Inc. 
9/26/16 
73,315 
928,837 
1,033,006 
1.073.332 
144.495 
Sequential Brands 
9/23/16 
50,000 
402,134 
199 500 
160,500 
-241,634
ZTO Ex
ss 
10/27116
22.425 
1.150 
16'554 
17.227 
.5,198 
Bank of America 
3/2/16 
500 
100825 
181,950 
180,900 
80.075 
Editas Medicine 
3/2116 
200 
102:199 
53,696 
54,144 
-48.055 
Tencent Holdings 
7/18/16 
50.000 
1.163/62 
1.798.000 
1.8913100 
834238 
Total Gratitude America, LTD-Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,720,182 3,282,208 3,484,103 
763,920 
J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
Bristol Myers Squit 
10/30/15 
5,000 
334,712 
278,600 
284,500 
-50,212 
Disney 
10/30/15 
2.500 
285 Az-5 
425.000 I 
274.825 
-1020Q 
Total J Epstein Vi Foundation - Equities (DB) 
619,737 
703,600 
559,325 
-60,412 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
52,605,105 
87,293,777 
73,617,040 21,011,935 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETPs (DB) 
YVisdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/13 
60,000 
2.966.099 
3.120.000 
3.138_000 
171901, 
171,901 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF'S (DB) 
2,966,099 3,120,000 3,138,000 
Southern Financial LLC - Options (DB) 
Long FXE 113 Calls - exp Sep 15 2017 
7/19/17 
450 
36.006 
96,550 
62.544 
Short FXE 110 Puts - exp Sep 152017 
7/19/17 
(450) 
-31.043 
1.200 
843 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Options am 
4,963 
91,3501 
86,387 
EFTA00811551

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811552.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
7/31/2017 
EFTA00811552
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - JULY 31, 2017 
6/30/17 
7/31/17 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
127,228,936 
135,985,107 
8,756,171 
Fixed Income 
72,806,515 
73,841,829 
1,035,314 
Equities 
87,293,777 
73,617,040 
(13,676,737) 
Equity ETF's 
3,120,000 
3,138,000 
18,000 
Options 
91,350 
91,350 
Hedge Funds 
71,455,541 
73,055,554 
1,600,012 
Investments 
52,506,000 
47,506,000 
(5,000,000) 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
26,875,000 
23,375,000 
(3,500,000) 
Loans Receivable 
11,207,446 
10,907,446 
(300,000) 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
583 200 
1,583,200 
Total Assets 
454,076,415 
443,100,525 -10,975,890 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
STC ML - Sold 250,000 shares BK 51.84 
12,955,276 
STC ML - Sold 97,525 shares GM 35.592 
3,471,110 
STC ML - Sold 23,000 shares GE 25.4032 
584,274 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions - per brokerage stmts 
304,386 
STC ML - Sold 8,000 shares MU 31.64 
253,120 
SFL DB - Sale of AKRX, GPACU, MTCH, SQ, GLBL 
199,453 
STC MS - Sold 6,484 NGL Energy Partners 24.81 
160,858 
Enhanced - Sold 1,500 Disney 
159,804 
STC MS - Sold 5,000 Altice 31.5484 
157,532 
Enhanced - BBB 
(25,000) 
Legal - Erika Mapp Invoice 
(50,717) 
Miscellaneous 
(76,715) 
Enhanced - DPNR 
(160,000) 
NES - Pinto 400k Euro 
(456,128) 
STC MS - Bought 2,000 NTES 308.5245 
(617,049) 
STC ML - Bought 20,000 shares TER 35.2016 
(704,032) 
STC MS - Bought 40,000 NLY 25.00 
(1,000,000) 
Spotify Investment via Honeycomb 
(1,000,000) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,150,000) 
Valar III Capital Call 
(4,250,000) 
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50 000 
8,756,171 
EFTA00811553
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
SNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Stanley 
Merrill 
Aaudrnd• 
Totals 
Cash 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
21,524,297 
343,180 
299,452 
1,478,105 
34,538,973 
58,184,007 
Haze Trust 
34,019.387 
34,019,367 
Southern Financial LLC 
28,971,576 
51,691 
29.023.267 
JEE 
4,539,461 
743,738 
468,950 
5.740,149 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
625259 
71,806 
2,960,685 
3,657.750 
Jeepers Inc. 
1.475.399 
7,853 
1.483.252 
JEGE Inc. 
963.188 
963,188 
LSJE LLC 
393,800 
327,261 
157,161 
878,221 
Southern Country International LTD 
453,880 
453,880 
Zorro Management LLC 
380,501 
380,501 
Plan 0 LLC 
220,654 
220,854 
NES LLC 
211,421 
211.421 
JEGE LLC 
141,777 
141,777 
Enhanced Education 
512 
22,126 
108,639 
Hyperion Air LLC 
10092 
100.292 
JEE • Paris (US 6) 
89,177 
89.177 
69.089 
Neptune LLC 
69.063 
Thomas World Air LLC 
57,579 
57,579 
Cypress Inc. 
47,857 
47,857 
FT Real Estate 
42,149 
42.149 
Maple Inc. 
26,768 
26.768 
Freedom Alr Petroleum 
22,812 
22,812 
Michelins Transportation Co LLC 
22,736 
22.736 
Nautilus Inc. 
15,137 
15,137 
Great St Jim LW 
857 
8,857 
LSJ LLC 
6).150 
6,150 
Mort Inc 
4,853 
4,853 
Laurel Inc. 
4,070 
4,070 
FSF LLC 
937 
937 
IGO Company LLC 
390 
390 
The JEE Life Ins Trust P3 
206 
206 
Butterfly Trust 
Total Cash 
93,727,627 
2,225,285 
845,579 
157,161 
4,438,790 34,538,973 51,691 135,985,107 
EFTA00811554
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
6/30/17 
741117 
Unrealized 
Gain (Lose) 
Asset Description 
Date 
Coet 
Value 
Value 
Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 
3,000,000 
3.337,958 
3,158,000 
3,112.500 
-225,456 
JPM Tr Pk Rate Income Fund 
01/22/13 240,973.957 
2,413,469 
2,261,257 
2,279,614 
-133.656 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/28/14 
49,033.00 
1180739 
1,276,819 
1,264,071 
83,332 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/29/14 
150.967.00 
3.810,430 
3,931,181 
3,891.929 
221.499 
Citibank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000.00 
999.419 
2.337.619 
Law 630 
368.211 
Total Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
12,602,018 
12,984,687 
*915,744 
313,728 
Anvers - Fixed Income OM 
JPM Trust FLT RT Income fund 
02/13/13 180,515.211 
1.804.981 
1.693.923 
707 674 
-97 307 
Total Jima, - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,804,981 
1,693,923 
1,707,674 
-97,307 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Western Digital Corp 7.375% Matures 4-1-2023 
06/09/16 
2,000,000 
2.008.048 .2221,2O 
244 167 
158.161 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stealer) 
2,086,006 
2,231965 
2.244,167 
158,161 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (O8) 
Nationwide Society 6.875% GBP callable 6/20/2019 
4/15/14 
2,000,000 
3.439.193 
2.668.513 
2.779_068 
-680.107 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (DB) 
3,439,193 
2,668,513 
2,779,086 
460,107 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (Merrill) 
Allergen mandatory convertible preffered 5.5% 3/1/2018 
08/15/16 
1,00%000 
881,500 
867,410 
894,010 
12,510 
LSCCOM 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
26250.000 
2,789,125 
2.814889 
2,850,774 
61.649 
Kindred Healthcare 7.25% 1/15/2020 STC ML 
10/13/16 
3,000,000 
3,060,528 
3260 667 
3,025 667 
-34.862 
Teva mandatory convertible weltered 7.0% 12/1512018 
08/15/16 
1,000,000 
901.750 
694.600 
04.00 
-317 750 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
7,632,903 
7,537,466 
7,354,451 
-278,452 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Charles Schwab 6.0% Preferred $25 per 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,086,400 
1,106,000 
106,000 
Annaly Cap Management 
7/25/17 
40,000 
1.000.000 
- 
994,000 
-8.000 
NGt. Energy Partners 9%325 per 
6/6/17 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,151,874 
996,800 
-3,200 
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred $25 par 
08/04/16 
8,000 
200,000 
166.320 
174,080 
-25.920 
Wells Fargo 5.7% Preferred $25 par 
1/19/16 
120,000 
3.000.000 
3,108,000 
3,115,200 
115,200 
Ebay 6% Preferred $25 par matures 2-1-2056 
2122/16 
80,000 
2,000.000 
2,189,600 
2,166,400 
166,400 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9.15.2028 then boats 
8/18/16 
500,000 
500,000 
530,000 
548,300 
48,300 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9.15.2026 Men boats 
10/11/16 
2,500,000 
2,623,122 
2,650,000 
2,730,083 
106,961 
Royal Sank Scotland 7.94% 'tad to 9.29.2017 than 311 Libor +2320p 
11/10/15 
5,000,000 
5.298.817 
006.000 
4,931,082 
467,735 
Goldman Sadie 5.375% Fixed to 5-10-2020 then 3922 over 3 mo Wog 
6/4/15 
5,000,000 
5,034,346 
5,291,326 
5,285,469 
251,122 
Capital One 5.55% Fixed to 9-1-2020 then 380 over 3 mo nor 
5114/15 
3.000,000 
3.009.618 
3J63.413 
199.000 
179.199 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
24,666,104 
24,231,933 
25,236,414 
570,310 
Southern Financial LLC • Fixed Income (08) 
Bank of America 8.125% Pfd Dec 29 2049 
14/3/13 
300,000
2,055,000 
2,100,013 
2,123,626 
68„626 
Barclays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/10/2023 
4/3/13 
300,000 
300,030 
317,167 
316.919 
1(019 
Citigroup Inc - Series 0 5.95% 
816/15 
3,000,000 
3,000,006 
3223,598 
3.238.988 
238,962 
General Electric Co GTD Faed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
12/3/15 
2,489,000 
2,175,016 
485,460 
2.458.929 
281,913 
JP Morgan Chase & Co PM 7.9% April 30 2049 
8116/11 
2,500,000 
2,687,500 
2,631,667 
2,643,125 
-44,375 
JP Morgan Chase & Co PM 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2,675,000 
2,631,667 
2,643,125 
-31.875 
LBG Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5/21/13 
1,903,000 
1,948,500 
2,100,446 
2,130,567 
182,067 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3,009000 
2,996,074 
3,400,104 
3,438,750 
442.676 
GMAC Cap TR I GM PM Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
60,000 
1)682.774 
2.096.000 
124 000 
241.226 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
19,719,870 
20,986,120 
21,116,009 
1,396,139 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
0tallgia 
Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 d Cal var 7/25/2033 
11/19/13 
562,781 
430.64Q 
489 
4QQ2
e55 
57_64k 
tiViThouthern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
430,840 
6, 
57,645 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
72,381,714 
72,806,616 
73,841,829 
1,480,116 
ore - Accrued interest has been included in month end fixed Income values 
EFTA00811555
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
6130/17 
7/31117 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
Akom Inc 
6(1 0/15 
000 
167,700 
- 
Alibaba Group 
6/10/15 
5.360 
444,749 
704,500 
774,750 
330.001 
Allis= SE ADR 
4/13/15 
5,000 
90,056 
98,875 
106,750 
16,694 
Apple Inc 
9/5/14 
84,000 
6,332,800 
9,217,280 
9,518,720 
3.185.920 
Apple Inc 
1/11/16 
250,000 
24.750,006 
36.005,000 
37,182,500 
12,432,494 
Apollo Global Management 
3/31/11 
263.157 
4,999,983 
6,960,503 
7,394,712 
2,394,729 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. (Formerly Dress Bam 1.3.11) 
1/16/01 
70,500 
1,500,000 
151,575 
164,970 
-1.335.030 
Avalanche Biotechnologies now called Adverum Biotechnologies 
4/20/15 
10.000 
398,608 
25,000 
25,500 
-373,106 
BASF ADR 
4/13/15 
5,000 
508,056 
466,450 
478,350 
-31,706 
Bank of New York Mellon 
6/25/14 
2561,000 
12,755,000 
- 
Blogen Ides Inc 
2/14/12 
2.095 
250.455 
568,499 
606,691 
356238 
Bioverativ Inc 
2/1/17 
1,047 
20,254 
62,998 
883 
44,629 
248.484 
Centene Corp 
9/8/14 
15,550 
986,497 
1.242,134 
1,234981 
Dish Network Corp 
6/10/15 
5000 
364978 
313,800 
320,150 
-44,828 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
17,500 
665,000 
2.642.150 
2.961.875 
2,296,875 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/16/14 
49,830 
1,265,037 
1,980,743 
1,761,491 
496,454 
General Motors Co 
12/9/10 
97,525 
3.406,548 
- 
General Electric Co 
4/23/13 
23,000 
621,230 
- 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
2/5/14 
5,000 
396,407 
353.900 
380,450 
-15,957 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
3/7/14 
3,100 
246,797 
219,418 
235,679 
-10.918 
Glaxo Smith Kline PLC 
6/10/15 
5,000 
215,006 
215,600 
202,600 
-12.406 
Global Partner Acquisition Corp 
7/30/15 
2,000 
19,700 
GoDaddy Inc. 
4/1/15 
700 
14,000 
29,694 
30,086 
16,086 
Match 
11/19/15 
200 
3,476 
- 
Mobileye NV Amstelveen Ord Shares 
811/14 
800 
20.000 
50,240 
50,640 
30,640 
Square 
11/19/15 
200 
3,476 
- 
Sangamo Biosciences Inc 
5/28/13 
000 
422,214 
440,000 
430t000 
7,786 
Santander Consumer USA 
1/28/14 
1:000 
24,000 
12,760 
12810 
-11,190 
Terraform Global 
7/31/15 
400 
2,020 
-14.865 
Twitter Inc 
11/7/13 
1,500 
39,000 
26,805 
24,135 
Viacom Inc 
620/15 
5,000 
338,745 
167,850 
174,600 
-164,145 
Volkswagen AG 
4/13/15 
5,000 
254,306 
155,625 
157250 
-97.056 
VvIsdomtree Investments Inc 
3/31/15 
15000 
324.158
152.550 
156.604 
t18Z.a8 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
44,871,109 
79,243,099 
64,449,372 19,578,263 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
Barclays PLC ADR 
7/18/16 
100,000 
805,096 
1,059,000 
1,073,000 
267,904 
Mice 
6/2287 
5,000 
161,500 
Netease.com Inc 
7/11/17 
2,000 
617,135 
- 
822,560 
5,425 
Credit Suisse Group 
7/18/16 
100,000 
1,137,626 
1,460,000 
1.535.000 
397,374 
ZTO Express 
10/27/16 
5IILI
22222
4=2
12,129
aiala 
2,628,107 
2,729,360 3,282,990 
654,883 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
Teradyne Inc 
7/20/17 
20,000 
704,832 
- 
691,800 
-13,032 
Micron Technology 
6/20/17 
8,000 
238,880 
XLF Flnenaciel Sector 
6/20/17 
20,000 
487,600 
493,400 
501.800 
14200 
ON Semiconductor 
6/8/17 
12,000 
200,038 
168,480 
179,400 
-20,638 
ING 
4/4/17 
25,000 
373.500 
434.750 
468.250 
94.75Q 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
1,765,970 1,335,510 1,841,250 
75,280 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanie 
Colony Capital->Colony Northstar Inc. 
9/26/16 
73,315 
928,837 
1,033,008 
1,073,332 
144,495 
Sequential Brands 
9/23/16 
10/27/16 
50,000 
1,150 
402,134 
22,425 
199.500 
160,500 
-241,634 
ZTO Express 
16.054 
17,227 
-5,198 
Bank of America 
3/2/16 
7,500 
100,825 
181,950 
180,900 
80,075 
Edites Medicine 
3/2/16 
3,200 
102,199 
53.696 
54,144 
-48.055 
Tencent Holding !____
/16 
50,000 
163.782 
1.7_±3131) . 
1_998.004 
834238 
Total Gratitude America, LTD - E Sties (Morgan Stanley) 
2,720,182 
3,282,208 3,484,103 
763,920 
J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
'Bristol Myers Squibb 
10/30/15 
5,000 
334,712 
278,600 
284,500 
-50,212 
Disney 
10/30/15 
2,500 
2O125 _425.00 
274 825 
:10.2.012 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
619,737 
703,600 
559,325 
40,412 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
52,605,105 
87,293,777 
73,617,040 21,011,935 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF's (DB) 
- 
Vi4sdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/13 
60,000 
2,966.099 
2.124,444 
1138.000 
171.901 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF'S (DB) 
2,966,099 
3,120,000 3,138,000 
171,901 
Southern Financial LLC - Options (08) 
Long FXE 113 Calls - exp Sep 15 2017 
7/19/17 
450 
36.006 
98.550 
62.544 
Short FXE 110 Puts - exp Sep 15 2017 
7/19/17 
(450) 
-31.043 
-7200 
23.843 
Total Southern Financial LW - Options (DB) 
4,963 
91,350 
86,387 
EFTA00811556
--- PAGE 6 ---
6130/17 
7131117 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financial SFLLC) 
added i0rtim 3/1/16 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
393 564 
746 548 
0.78% 
4.19% addedSun 341/16 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
45,393,564 
45,746.548 
mildew l0rnm 1110117 
total lansirneat 4020. 
2016 mum 3.77% 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
King Street 
3.516.505 
3.648.71Q 
2016/17 paid to datir 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
3,516,505 
3,648,710 
2017 -aprN alum 
4227116 4,967,956 paid 
al capital al 
7127116 5,102,02.4 pM0 
2,301,103 
10/27/16 1,10641$1 pak 
Ilt16 113,401 
1/27111 499004 paid 
dsldbuddon 
MI rem LW% 
Hedge Funds - STC 
Honeycomb 
?2.545.473 
g3 
4.94% 
17.78% maid 20mm 931/16 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
22,545,473 
23,660,296 
2616 tarn 044% 
Total Hedge Funds 
71,455,541 73,055,554 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
Kyara I (repaid 100 cost + 201k profip 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
250,000 
Kyara III -> 483,915 repaid 8/5/2015 
Kyara IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment (grat at cost) 
1,000,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,000 
sit 
Adfin Solutions (investment amount) 
875,000 
butterfly trust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston, NJ 
3,000,000 
Coinbase 
STC 
3,001,000 
Sootily via Honeycomb 
1,000,000 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Valar Global Fund II (amount funded vs 15mm committmen ) 
13,650,000 (6,302017 Is Wows 5.8rtamtratalzed gar) 
Velar Global Fund III (amount funded vs 25mm committment) 
15,000,000 two
 ft sawn 5.120. unreal:ad pain) 
Totals 
1,000,000 
3,000,000 
34,025,000 
3,001,000 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
47,506,000 
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
2,500,000 
2,500,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
250,000 
Plan D LLC 
250,000 
2008 G550 
15,750,000 
15,750,000 
Automobiles 
1,175,000 
1,175,000 
Boats 
700,000 
700,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile 8 Boats g 
2,500,000 
3,000,000 
250,000 17,625,000 23,375,000 
EFTA00811557
--- PAGE 7 ---
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
STC 
FTRE 
Totals 
Loans Receivable 
150,000 
150,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Nick Ribis 
200,000 
200,000 
Larry / Eileen Visoski 
225,000 
225,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
David Mitchell 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
302,000 
302,000 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
4,750,000 
4,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
Lesley 
200,000 
200,000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
1,300,000 
1,300,000 
525 000 
525,000 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,522,446 
6,450,000 
1,935,000 10,907,446 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
=that 
Gi8001110111 (17,084,000 pounds @ 1.30) 
22,183,200 
22.183,200 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
-30,500.000 
-30.500,000 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
32.73 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamond - insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
Fine Art Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 -29,725,000 25,233,200 
1,583,200 
EFTA00811558

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811559.pdf
----------------------------------------
III MILKEN INSTITUTE 
September 22, 2017 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 10021-4102 
United States 
Dear Jeffrey, 
1250 4th Sueet, Santa Monica, CA 90401 
WWW.MILKENINSTITUTE.ORG 
In 2007, when my friend, Debra Black, was diagnosed with melanoma, there were not many 
treatment options: fewer than 20% of those with late stage melanoma were expected to live five 
years. Debra's immediate priority, of course, was attending to her personal health needs. But very 
soon, she and her husband, Leon, began to think about what they could do to advance progress 
against melanoma in ways that would help the millions of others at risk for this devastating 
disease. They asked for advice based on our experience with medical research and public health 
programs since the 1970s and our work with a broad range of disease-specific research 
organizations. In the wake of our conversations, and under the auspices of Milken Institute, the 
Melanoma Research Alliance (MRA) was born - the largest non-profit funder of melanoma research. 
In the 10 years since, Debra and Leon have committed more than $50 million to melanoma 
research. Through the Black's investment in MRA, and with additional dollars raised, MRA has 
awarded $88 million in research grants and leveraged an additional $89 million from government 
and industry support toward melanoma research. MRA has driven greatly expanded melanoma 
treatment options. Since its founding, patients have moved from just two FDA-approved melanoma 
treatments to 13 with more on the way. And today, with these advances, the percentage of patients 
with late-stage melanoma surviving past five years has DOUBLED. In fact, some of the most 
effective treatments first approved in melanoma (checkpoint immunotherapies) are now being used 
to treat seven other cancers and tested on dozens more. 
In short, MRA has transformed the research landscape for cancer. Still, there is much work to be 
done. While Debra and Leon stay deeply committed, they cannot do it alone. 
On Nov. 2nd, MRA will celebrate its 10-year anniversary at their Sotheby's event 
(www.curemelanoma.org/Celebrate10). At the event, we'll be asking our friends to help keep the 
momentum going by supporting melanoma research. And, Debra and Leon have agreed to 
match every dollar raised at the Sotheby's event so that all gifts will double in value, just as 
MRA has helped to double the survival rate of melanoma patients. 
If you've not already responded for the Sotheby's event, I hope you will do so; and whether or not 
you're able to attend, I hope you'll consider a gift to MRA as we celebrate 10 years of treatment 
advances and power the research forward. Please reach out to Joan Russo at MRA to discuss a 
potential gift, or if you know others that may want to participate. She can be reached at 908-216-
2224 or jrussauremelanoma.org.
Sincerely, 
Michael Milken 
MRA Board Member 
Chairman, Milken Institute 
SAt.:A2C C 
EFTA00811559

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811560.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
 DUBIN BRAST MIER ANL AL BRUIT GALA 
BENEFIT CO-CHAIRS 
Michele and Timothy Barakett 
Lisa and Jeff Blau 
Emily and Len Blavatntk 
Dr. Ronald and Beth Dozoretz 
Dr. Eva Andersson•Dubin 
and Glenn Dubin 
Julie Anne Quay 
and Matthew J. Edmonds 
Sonia and Paul Tudor Jones II 
Ornella and Robert Morrow 
Elisa Port. MD and Jeffrey Port. MD 
Daryl and Steven Roth 
Porn Peitz and Eric Ruttenborg 
Beth and David Shaw 
Iris and Michael Smith 
Melissa and Bruce Spohler 
Nina and Gary Wexler 
BENEFIT COMMITTEE 
Karen and Todd Bullion 
Pilar and Gary Douglas 
Natalia Nastaskin 
and Robert Gershon 
Ann Tenenbaum 
and Thomas H. Lee 
Allison and Howard Lutnick 
Christine and Richard Mack 
Ashley McDermott 
Alice and Lorne Michaels 
Trish and Michael Paliotta 
list as al Aupdst 31.2017 
MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2017 
HONORING KARA DIOGUARDI • BROOKE MORROW 
PHYSICIAN HONOREE STEVEN .1. BURAKOFF, MD 
ZIEGFELD BALLROOM, NEW YORK CITY 
September 13, 2017 
Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 100214102 
Dear Jeffrey: 
The Dubin Breast Center (DBC) is now six years old and we are immensely proud of all we have 
accomplished. Our commitment to providing personalized, comprehensive, and integrative care in 
a welcoming, private, and reassuring setting remains steadfast and unique. We simply could not 
do this without your support. 
Our annual benefit will take place on Monday, December 11th at the newly renovated Ziegfeld 
Ballroom in New York City. We are thrilled to be honoring Brooke Morrow, Executive Director of 
Creator Development, Writer/Publisher Relations at Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI) and Kara 
Dioguardi, Grammy Award nominated hit songwriter, producer, music publisher, author, Broadway 
performer and TV personality. These two incredible women are deeply connected to the mission 
of the DBC and the communities we serve. 
We are also proud to recognize Steven J. Burakoff, MD, who was recently appointed Dean for 
Cancer Innovation at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. Dr. Burakoff will work closely 
with School and Health System hospital leaders to identify and support opportunities for innovative 
cancer research, treatment, and education throughout the Health System. Dr. Burakoff previously 
served as Director of The Tisch Cancer Institute, where he oversaw the expansion of "bench-to-
bedside" medicine, making it possible for breakthroughs in the laboratories to be translated quickly 
into novel therapeutics for our cancer patients. 
The Dubin Breast Center is committed to providing our patients with the absolute highest level of 
breast cancer prevention, screening, treatment, and survivorship. DBC offers a full range of 
leading-edge breast health services and a strong focus on the holistic health and wellbeing of 
individuals with or at risk for cancer. A hallmark of DBC is our commitment to care for patients 
from every New York City neighborhood and beyond ensuring each patient receives optimal care, 
regardless of their ability to pay. Our annual Gala is central to making that promise possible. 
We have enclosed a response form for your convenience and thank you in advance for your 
generosity. We look forward to seeing you on December 11th. 
Sincerely, 
2017 Dubin Breast Center Benefit Co-Chairs 
Mount Dubin Breast Center 
$inai 
of The Tisch Cancer Institute 
Benefit Office: 162 West 56th Street, Suite 405, New York, NY 10019 212.245-6570 
EFTA00811560
--- PAGE 2 ---
DUI\ BRE 1St CI \ 
MAL BRUIT GAL -1 
MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2017 
HONORING KARA DIOGUARDI • BROOKE MORROW 
PHYSICIAN HONOREE STEVEN J. BURAKOFF, MD 
ZIEGFELD BALLROOM, NEW YORK CITY 
PLEASE ADD MY NAME AS A CO-CHAIR AND RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: 
O 
ONE PLACE TABLE(S) AT $100,000 (10 tickets) 
Priority seating, special recognition during the evening, listing in the printed program, and listing on 
Dubin Breast Center Annual and Permanent Donor Walls. 
O 
ONE MISSION TABLE(S) AT $50,000 (10 tickets) 
Premium seating, special recognition during the evening, listing in the printed program, and listing on 
Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall. 
O 
ONE TEAM TABLE(S) AT $25,000 (10 tickets) 
Prime seating, listing in the printed program, and listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall. 
PLEASE ADD MY NAME TO THE BENEFIT COMMITTEE AND RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: 
O 
ONE PURPOSE TABLE(S) AT $15,000 (10 tickets) (limited availability) 
Listing in the printed program and listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall. 
PLEASE RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: 
O 
ONE ROOF SINGLE TICKET(S) AT $2,500 EACH 
Seating for dinner and listing in the printed program. 
O 
ONE INDIVIDUAL SINGLE TICKET(S) AT $1,500 EACH 
Seating for dinner and listing in the printed program. 
O 
I am unable to attend but wish to make a contribution of t 
(Please list name and/or company above as you wish it to appear in print) 
NAME 
COMPANY 
ADDRESS 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
E-MAIL 
PHONE 
FAX 
I WISH TO CHARGE THIS GIFT TO: 
] AMEX (7 MASTERCARD 
] VISA 
( ) PERSONAL CREDIT CARD 
( ] CORPORATE CREDIT CARD 
NAME ON ACCOUNT 
CREDIT CARD NUMBER 
EXP DATE 
SIGNATURE 
Please make checks payable to the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai (Tax ICI4 13.6171197) and return to 
Event Actnciates, Inc., 162 West 56th Street, Suite 405, New York, NY 10019. Contributions are tax-deductible 
to the extent provided by law. Each table is tax-deductible less 52,750 and each ticket is tax-deductible less 5275. 
Gifts from donor advised funds, foundations, and charitable trusts may not be used for purchases 
that provide tangible benefits to any individual. Tax receipts will be mailed after the conclusion of the event. 
For further information, please contact Debbie Fife nr Emily Kline. Phone: 212.245.6570 ext. 20 or ext. 23, 
Far 212-581.8717, E-mail:  
To learn more about the Dubin Breast Center please visit our website at www.dubinbreastcentecorg or call 212.659.8500. 
If you wish to have your name removed from our distribution list of fundraising materials, please contact us 
by telephone 212-659-8500 or email your name and address to PhilanthropyOptOutemountsinalorg. 
Mount Dubin Breast Center 
Sinai 
of Thin. rlsegar MOM* 
EFTA00811561

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811562.pdf
----------------------------------------
10/04/2017 10:30 AM 
Compounding Period: 
Annual 
Nominal Annual Rate: 
15.000% 
Cash Flow Data - Loans and Payments 
Event 
Date 
Amount 
I Number 
Period I End Date 
Loan 
07/01/20,7 
1,711,232.88 
Payment 
11/30/20 
1,818,126.33 
TValue Amortization Schedule - Normal, 365 Day Year 
Date 
I 
Payment 
Interest 
Principal 
Balance 
Loan 07/01/2017 
1,711,232.88 
11/30/2017 
1,818,126.33 
106,893.45 
1,711,232.88 
0.00 
2017 Totals 
1,818,126.33 
106,893.45 
1,711,232.88 
Grand Totals 
1,818,126.33 
106,893.45 
1,711,232.88 
ANNUAL 
FINANCE 
Amount Financed 
Total of Payments 
PERCENTAGE 
CHARGE 
RATE 
The amount of credit 
The amount you will 
The dollar amount the 
provided to you or on 
have paid after you 
The cost of your credit 
as a yearly rate. 
credit will cost you. 
your behalf. 
have made all 
payments as 
scheduled. 
15.000% 
$106,893.45 
$1,711,232.88 
$1,818,126.33 
4j d: looloop 
fmmlakoa 
loo, 
LK/U.33 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00811562
--- PAGE 2 ---
10/04/2017 10:31 AM 
Compounding Period: 
Annual 
Nominal Annual Rate: 
15.000% 
Cash Flow Data - Loans and Payments 
I
Event 
Date 
I Amount 
I Number 
I
Period 
End Date 
Loan 
Payment 
_97/01/2017 
1,711,232.88 
1,839,926.97 
TValue Amortization Schedule - Normal, 365 Day Year 
Date 
I 
Payment 
Interest 
Principal 
Balance 
Loan 07/01/2017 
12/31/2017 
2017 Totals 
Grand Totals 
1,839,926.97 
128,694.09 
1,711,232.88 
1,839,926.97 
128,694.09 
1,711,232.88 
1,839,926.97 
128,694.09 
1,711,232.88 
1,711,232.88 
0.00 
ANNUAL 
FINANCE 
Amount Financed 
Total of Payments 
PERCENTAGE 
CHARGE 
RATE 
The amount of credit 
The amount you will 
The dollar amount the 
Provided to you or on 
have paid after you 
The cost of your credit 
as a yearly rate. 
credit will cost you. 
your behalf. 
have made all 
payments as 
scheduled. 
15.000% 
$128,694.09 
$1,711,232.88 
$1,839,926.97 
/00,000 
Teo/4 9120/20/7-
Page 1 of 1 
10/00640
?3,11t4,91 
"Adfc{,4 7 
EFTA00811563
--- PAGE 3 ---
10/04/2017 10:28 AM 
Compounding Period: 
Annual 
Nominal Annual Rate: 
Cash Flow Data - Loans and Payments 
Date 
I 
Amount 
Number I Period 
End Date 
Loan 
02/01/2017 
1,500,000.00 
Payment 
06/30/2017 
1,561,232.88 
TValue Amortization Schedule - Normal, 365 Day Year 
Date 
I 
Payment 
Interest 
I 
Principal 
Balance 
Loan 02/01/2017 
1,500,000.00 
06/30/2017 
1,561,232.88 
61,232.88 
1,500,000.00 
0.00 
2017 Totals 
1,561,232.88 
61,232.88 
1,500,000.00 
Grand Totals 
1,561,232.88 
61,232.88 
1,500,000.00 
ANNUAL 
FINANCE 
Amount Financed 
Total of Payments 
PERCENTAGE 
CHARGE 
RATE 
The amount of credit 
The amount you will 
The dollar amount the 
provided to you or on 
have paid after you 
The cost of your credit 
as a yearly rate. 
credit will cost you. 
your behalf. 
have made all 
payments as 
scheduled. 
10.000% 
$61,232.88 
$1,500,000.00 
$1,561,232.88 
acklai-et 
i1O4 
1g/0000d 
frAf 
/ C230?-88 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00811564

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811565.pdf
----------------------------------------
9/14/2017 
Is the flying ear ready for takeoll'?1TechnologylTheGuardian 
Is the flying car ready for takeoff? 
At least six developers have retail road-air vehicles in the pipeline, so it's time to watch 
the skies 
Tori Blakeman 
Sunday 10 September 2017 04.30 EDT 
A
little white winged pod lifts itself off the ground and glides off into the 
distance. The whole movement looks effortless. It's like watching Luke 
Skywalker's Landspeeder - except we're in a nondescript airfield in 
Germany, not the planet Tatooine. Echoes of Star Wars perhaps help explain 
why last week the pod's maker, Lilium, secured $9orn (£69m) investment 
from, among others, Chinese tech giant Tencent - although the company 
states its aim has more to do with solving transport problems: "We have 
highly congested cities and we can do things to improve matters," said 
116 
EFTA00811565
--- PAGE 2 ---
9/14/2017 
Is the flying car rcady for takeoff)! Technology I The Guardian 
Lilium's Remo Gerber. "We're trying to move from a niche transport vehicle to 
a mass-transport one". 
Lilium is not flying solo. Prototypes by rival ventures are also passing their test 
flights. So the prospect of flying cars may not be all that far away. Here are six 
projects working towards bringing Back to the Future into the present. 
Lilium 
GOMM 
This German aviation startup, founded in 2014, is working on a five-seater air 
taxi jet, with the aim of making the first manned test flight in 2019. 
Top speed 186mph (300 kilometres per hour). 
Power Electric. 
Takeoff and landing Vertical. 
They say Users will be able to access city centres by calling the air taxi at the 
push of a button. 
We say Creating the large network of landing pads on top of city buildings, as 
envisioned by Lilium, will take considerable time and money. With no 
advanced on-ground driving feature, can we even class this as a flying car? 
Terrafugia: The Transition 
Terrafugia's "roadable aircraft", in development since 2006, drives like a 
typical car on the ground and fits in a standard single-car garage. It can be pre-
hups://mvw.theguardiantom/technology/2017/sep/10/are-flyinpears•ready•fo6takeaffiimg-4 
2/6 
EFTA00811566
--- PAGE 3 ---
9/14f2017 
Is the flying car rcady for takeoff? I Technology I The Guardian 
ordered now for $300,000. 
Top speed 100mph. 
Cruise range 400 miles. 
Power Unleaded petrol. 
They say To drive it you need a US sport pilot certificate that can be "earned in 
as few as 20 hours". 
We say: OK, it can fit into a garage, but what if there's no runway next to the 
garage? 
Kitty Hawk: The Flyer 
Kitty Hawk, backed by Google co-founder Larry Page, has created this open-
seated, propeller-driven machine for recreational use. The retail version will 
be available by the end of this year. Power Electric. 
Maximum flight time 22 minutes. 
Takeoff and landing Vertical on water. 
They say Anyone in the US can drive the Flyer as a pilot's licence isn't 
required. 
We say The launch in April was anti-climactic: the Flyer looked more like a 
hovering jet-ski than a flying car. If you have a spare $5,000-10,000, it might 
be a bit of fun during the summer but it's not a practical transport option. 
Uber: Elevate 
https://www.thegualdian.comffechnology/20I7/sep/I0/are•flying•cars•ready•fomakeoffiimg-4 
3/6 
EFTA00811567
--- PAGE 4 ---
9/14/2017 
Is the flying ear ready for takeoff? !Technology I The Guardian 
, 
Uber has hired a long-serving Nasa researcher and plans to take its ride-
sharing to a vertical level with Elevate, though it's tackling market feasibility 
barriers such as certification, battery technology and infrastructure first. 
Power Electric. 
Takeoff and landing Vertical. 
They say Using distributive electric propulsion (DEP), ie, multiple small 
engines, the vehicle will be "barely audible", thus suitable for urban areas. 
We say Uber seems to be taking a considered approach, working alongside 
regulators, Nasa, air traffic control and even governments before jumping in to 
the flying car market. 
Airbus: Pop.Up 
Best known for its double-decker A380 jet, Airbus premiered its solution for 
urban transit at Geneva international motor show in March. The Pop.Up 
consists of a carbon-fibre passenger capsule that functions as a two-seater 
https://www.theguardiansoinnechno1ogy/2017/sep/10/arc-flying.cars-ready-footakeoffInmg.4 
4/6 
EFTA00811568
--- PAGE 5 ---
911412017 
Is the flying or ready for takeoff? I Technology I The Guardian 
electric car when attached to a chassis, or as an aircraft when a drone is 
summoned by smartphone to remove the capsule from the chassis. 
Power Electric. 
Travel distance per charge 62 miles. Capsule dimensions 2.4 x 1.4 metres. 
They say A "multi-modal vehicle", rather than a flying car, Pop.Up will enables 
passengers to select the fastest, cheapest route through advanced AI. 
We say Pop.Up requires technologies such as electric propulsion that are not 
yet advanced enough - so it's unlikely we'll be seeing this project turn into 
reality soon. 
Aeromobil 
Converting from a car to a plane in three minutes, this is the closest we come 
to the sci-fi dream. Certified for use in the EU and US, Aeromobil's Slovakian 
makers are accepting pre-orders for $lm, with plans to deliver the first models 
in 2020. 
Power: Electric on road, conventional aircraft fuel in flight. 
Top speed 99mph. 
Takeoff and landing Vertical. 
They say: It's a real flying car. 
We say: It really is a real flying car! It might need a runway to take off and land, 
but the prospect of being able to fly somewhere and continue the journey in a 
viable, not-too-silly looking vehicle, is exciting. 
Since you're here ... 
luips://www.theguardianzoniliechnology/2017/sep/Ifitare-flying-ears-ready-for-takeofffimgd 
5/6 
EFTA00811569
--- PAGE 6 ---
9/14/2017 
Is the flying car ready for takeoff? I Technology I The Guardian 
... we have a small favour to ask. More people are reading the Guardian than 
ever but advertising revenues across the media are falling fast. And unlike 
many news organisations, we haven't put up a paywall - we want to keep our 
journalism as open as we can. So you can see why we need to ask for your 
help. The Guardian's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, 
money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our 
perspective matters - because it might well be your perspective, too. 
I appreciate there not being a paywall: it is more democratic for the media to 
be available for all and not a commodity to be purchased by a few.. happy 
to make a contribution so others with less means still have access to 
information. Thomasine F-R. 
If everyone who reads our reporting, who likes it, helps to support it, our 
future would be much more secure. 
Become a supporter 
Make a contribution 
Topics 
• Motoring 
• The Observer 
• Air transport 
• features 
7/sepf IO/are-flying-ears-ready-foritakeoffdimg-4 
6/6 
EFTA00811570

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811571.pdf
----------------------------------------
MILLER & Raved 
271 North Ave 
New Rochelle , NY 
10801 
914 632355 
Mr Jeffrey Epstein 
9E 71 St 
DearJeffrey 
How did Hartman's windows perform this past hurricane season on little St. James. 
Thanks advance for your response 
ROY R 
President MILLER RAVED 
/ 
• 
EFTA00811571

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811572.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jackson National Life Insurance Company 
PO Box 305153, Nashville TN 37230-5153 
Phone 800.437.8854 Fax 803-333-7879 
Visit us 
%/DARREN K INDYKE PLLC 
575 LEXINGTON AVENUE 
FLOOR #4 
NEW YORK NY 10022 
Policy /glue $5,o0D,Dov 
POLICY NO. 
JAC KS ON® 
NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
PAYMENT NOTICE 
"10./. 2oi 
t•liegsr 
INSURED 
DUE DATE 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
VIL0004735 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
11/19/17 
ANNUAL PREMIUM DUE 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: 
Paying by check authorizes Jackson National Life Insurance Company to send the information from your check electronically to your bank for 
payment. Your account will be debited in the amount of your check and the transaction will appear on your bank statement. You will not receive 
your cancelled check back. II we cannot post the transaction electronically, you authorize us to present a copy of your check for payment. 
Payment must be received by the duo date shown above or your policy will enter its grace period and will terminate if the renewal premium is not 
received by the last day of the grace period, unless your policy has a net cash value and provides for and coverage continues under any of the 
following: 1) a nonforfeiture option, 21 an option to discontinue premium payments, or 31 an automatic premium loan election. Common 
nonforfeiture options are the purchase of extended term insurance, the purchase of reduced paid-up insurance or you may surrender your policy 
for the net cash value. Refer to your policy for time limits and options available. 
$9,382.40 
AMOUNT DUE 
$9,382.40 
v 
/9 20/6 ptitc 
e)08-s 
o2 ca4, 
P}o ,N sviee . Q 9, or 9:3-
6-bwittied. 
Domito 
t/ if/a Nov 2o16 
I o.s 37S-
.1\1AI 202t0/471/ 27s-
2oo( 
Ile, qZS 
Noy 20 zo 4/28,323-
RETAIN THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS 
RETURN THIS PORTION WITH YOUR PAYMENT 
POLICY NUMBER 
INSURED'S NAME 
VILD004735 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
MAKE CHECK PAYABLE TO Jackson National Life Insurance Company 
Making multiple full payments. 
Mailing address change indicated on back. 
Enclose your payment with this coupon and send to: 
Jackson National Life Insurance Company 
PO Box 371425 
Pittsburgh, PA 15250-7425 
Amount Due on 11/19/17 
$9,382.40 
Premium Payment 
$9,382.40 
s,
Less Premium Reduction 
$0 00 
Pf
Loan Repayment 
moo $
Tote/ Amount Due 
$9,382.40 $ 
Additional Payment 
$ 
Total Amount Enclosed 
35250913014303031437333500000000000011191712009382401735500938240000000009 
EFTA00811572

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811573.pdf
----------------------------------------
LARGE CABIN GULFSTREAM MARKET UPDATE 
THIRD QUARTER 2017 
Pivforriirtnee. 
Reptila 
GULFSTREAM NEWS 
Goodbye and hello - After 14 years of production, Gulfstream is nearing the end the G450 life cycle and is on the verge 
of delivering the brand new G500. After 14 years of deliveries, the last G45O is scheduled for delivery in Q12018 and is 
currently undergoing completion at the Appleton, WI service center. It will be succeeded by a faster, wider and more fuel 
-efficient successor in the G500. The G500 has a max range of 5,000 NM, a max operating speed of Mach 0.925 and 
will have new and improved 15,000-pound-thrust 
engines. The fifth and final G500 testbed aircraft will be utilized 
as the demonstrator aircraft. Certification is expected by the end of this year with the first customer deliveries expected 
to begin in early 2018. 
MARKET NEWS 
Inventory levels of pre-owned aircraft available for sale have continued to decline throughout 2017 and are nearing a 
10-year low of inventory available for sale — approximately 8% of the current production aircraft are available for sale. 
Despite the continuing decline in large cabin inventory levels (aircraft less than 5 years old), the supply of G650 
inventory has remained relatively level over the last year. A combination of increased demand (predominately from the 
United States) as well as the manufacturers scaling back production levels have helped give the market solid footing. 
AVPRO, INC. 
41O.573.1515 
900 Bestsate Road. Suite 412 
Fax: 410.573.1919 
Annapolis. Maryland 21401 
&mad 
tf.arrep. 
4....1.04s• 4...1••••• /Or a••••,...enn• 
EFTA00811573
--- PAGE 2 ---
Large Cabin Gulfstream Market Update 
Page 2 
G650/G650ER MARKET 
• 
There are currently 17 G650's presently on the market, including 5 aircraft that are currently under contract (3 of the 
aircraft under contract are not advertised). This represents only 7% of the in-service fleet for sale, 
• Current Asking prices range from $47M for a 2013 model with approximately 800 hours to $66.5M for a 2017 model 
with delivery time only. 
• 
During the first 3 quarters of the year, there were only 5 pre-owned transactions (priced from $50M to $63M), but 
activity levels have increased recently. Values on the low end of the market have finally dropped below $50M which 
is spurring on some of the activity. Additionally, there is a handful of like new" aircraft with delivery time only that 
a e discounting their prices in order to find a buyer. 
Oct-16 Nov-16 Dec-16 Jan-17 Feb-17 Mar-17 Apr-17 May-17 Jun-17 Jul-17 Aug-17 Sep-17 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
-0-Avg Asking Price 
$64.000 
$62.000 t 
560.000 
$58.000 
$56.000 
G550 MARKET 
• 
G550's are currently on the market, including 10 that are under contract representing 5% of the fleet available for 
sale. Inventory levels are now 35% lower than Sept '16, thanks to the increased demand. In fact, the average asking 
prices have increased over the last 3 months which is something we haven't seen in over 10 years! 
• Current asking prices range from $13M for a 2004 model with just under 8000 hours to $35.5M for a 2014 model 
with approximately 1000 hours. 
• The only reason that we may start seeing the transactions slowdown during the next 6 months is due to most of the 
heavily sought after aircraft being sold. Buyers still regularly prefer the "forward galley, crew rest" configuration but 
more and more buyers are realizing that the 4 zone configuration, (i.e., the configuration without the crew rest) is 
also acceptable considering you can simply designate another section of the aircraft a "crew rest: 
• It is widely expected that the G550 will be phased out once the G600 begins to deliver. However, the interest level in 
the G550 remains strong (especially with govemment operations) so it's conceivable that production could continue 
for a short period even after the G600 deliveries begin. 
Oct-16 Nov-16 Dec-16 Jan-17 Feb-17 Mar-17 Apr-17 May-17 Jun-17 Jul-17 Aug-17 Sep-17 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
-Avg Asking Price 
$26.000 , 
$25.000 2 
$24.000 7
$23.000 
$22.000 
521.000 
$20.000 
EFTA00811574
--- PAGE 3 ---
Large Cabin Gulfstream Market Update 
Page 3 
GV MARKET 
• 
GV's are currently on the market, including 4 that are under contract (2 of of which are not currently 
advertised). This is a 171% increase in supply since Q3 '16. 
• Aside from an 18,000 hour aircraft asking $6.995M, current asking price ranges from $9.995M for a 1997 model 
aircraft to $12.795M for a 2002 with approximately 5,000 hours and Corporate Care on the engines. 
• 
Year to date, only 4 GV's have sold, all occurring in the month of April. 
• 
Pricing levels have softened recently which is causing us to anticipate a slight increase in sales activity the 
remainder of the year. However, buyers remain cautious of the money that they will be forced to put into the aircraft 
after purchase, including cabin management and avionics. Once the work is completed, it would make for a 
phenomenal aircraft at a fraction of the price of a new G550, but buyers also realize that these aircraft are now at or 
approaching 20 years old, which gives some buyers reason for pause. 
is 
S 
m 
m 
IN 
512.500 
512.000 
511.500 
$11.000 
$10300 
m 
II 
$10.000 
Oct-16 Nov-16 Dec-16 Jan-17 Feb-17 Mar-17 Apr-17 May-17 Jun-17 
Jul-17 
Aug-17 Sep-17 
Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
41-Avg Asking Price 
G450 MARKET 
-
• 27 G450's are currently on the market, including 8 which are under contract. This represents 8% of the in-service 
fleet available for sale.. After rising in inventory by nearly 30% earlier in the year, supply has dropped back down to 
the inventory levels at the start of the year. 
• 
Current asking price range from $10.75M for a 2005 model with just over 4000 hours to $21.5M for a 2014 model 
with approximately 2,000 hours. 
• Sales activity has been consistent and combined with only 8% of the fleet available for sale. Pricing has leveled off 
with no expectation for a dramatic change anytime soon. The majority of buyers in the 6450 market are US based 
and are looking for US aircraft, but we continue to see aircraft from overseas being purchased at a discount and 
later imported into the US. 
Oct-16 Nov-16 Dec-16 Jan-17 Feb-17 Mar-17 Apr-17 May-17 Jun-17 Jul-17 Aug-17 Sep-17 
ion Aircraft for Sale 
IN Aircraft Sold 
4Avg Asking Price 
519.000 
518.000 
517.000 
516.000 
515.000 
514.000 
513.000 
AVPRO, INC. 
900 Restgate Road, Suite 412 
Annapolis, Maryland 21401 
410.573.1515 
E
-ma
Fax
a:
: alai
=
tarr y. alma 
EFTA00811575
--- PAGE 4 ---
Large Cabin Gulfsiream Market Update 
Page 4 
GIVSP/G400 MARKET 
• 33 GIVSP's are currently on the market, including 8 that are under contract. Inventory levels have been dropping 
since Q2 with the majority of the buyers looking for later model aircraft, considering the early model GIVSP's are at 
least 20 years old. 
• Current asking prices range from $3M for a 1993 model with approximately 9,500 hours and engines due mid-life in 
2022 to $6.95M for a 2003 model with under 3,000 hours. 
• Sales activity has increased this summer, and the average asking prices and relative values have steadied. Buyer's 
prefer later model GIVSPs/G400s but even these aircraft have avionics issues to contend with, as well the 16 year 
inspection, which is a large inspection for the GIVSP. 
so 
ao 
Oct-16 Nov-16 Dec-16 Jan-17 Feb-17 Mar-17 Apr-17 May-17 Jun-17 
Jul-17 Aug-17 Sep-17 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
-Avg Asking Price 
$7.000 
$6.000
$5.000 
$4.000 
$3.000 
$2.000 
$1.000 
$0.000 
AVPRO, INC. "WHO WE ARE" 
Avpro is one of the largest intemational aircraft brokerage and acquisition firms in the world. With our extensive aviation sales 
experience, we are able to consistently achieve annual gross sales in excess of $1 billion. By leveraging over 26 years of 
experience and cultivating strong relationships throughout the industry, we are able to capitalize on trends as they emerge. With a 
professional team of specialists in research, marketing, contract negotiations, and closings, we are able to give each client the 
confidence needed to navigate the complexities of each transaction. 
AVPRO'S GULFSTREAM TEAM 
KEVIN WHITE is the Avpro Gulfstream Market 
Specialist. Kevin brings to Avpro a unique and 
in-depth knowledge of not only real time market 
condition expertise, but also operational, 
technical and economic aspects of private jet 
ownership. After joining the industry in 2001, he quickly 
excelled in many facets such as aircraft sales, operation, 
management. Kevin is also an ATP pilot with a type rating in 
the Hawker 8001800XP. 
VALERIE PEREIRA is the Avpro Gulfstream Market 
Analyst. Valerie offers a unique and in-depth 
knowledge of sales and acquisitions as well as the 
operational, technical and economic aspects of aircraft 
ownership. Valerie 
began her career as an 
international researcher for AMSTAT, subsequently moving into 
a Sales support role for Regourd Aviation then Executive Sales 
Director for the Bell Helicopter market at Heli-Asset. Valerie is 
fluent in English, Portuguese, Spanish, French & 
C NBdIRR 
ME BAC 
KEVIN WHITE 
GULFSTREM.I SPECIALLST 
VALERIE PEREIRA 
GULFSTREAM ANALYST 
VPEREIFtA@AVPROJETS.COSI 
I 
AVPRO, INC. 
410.5 
900 Bestgate Road, Suite 412 
Fax: 41 
Annapolis, Maryland 21401 
&mail: 
tih 
A CERTIFIED 
MOW 
• ••4•••• W. • An ...sr 
NV M Itra44sens 
EFTA00811576

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811577.pdf
----------------------------------------
JF Custom Homes, LLC 
P.O. Box 304616 
St Thomas VI 00803-4616 
Statement 
Date 
1/12/2017 
Amount Due 
Amount Enc. 
-832249.87 
Date 
Transaction 
140/Z 
Amount 
Balance 
10/1 2/2017 
10/24/2017 
10/3 I (20 I 7 
I I/O4/2017 
11/122017 
Balance forward 
PMT 4Little St. James. 
INV 4346 Due 10/31/2017. 
INV #351. Due 11/042017. 
INV #355. Due 11/12/2017. 
/01 -CV 
4.069
 T
b  IAP i i "
/Q;6
76t ‘t 
qt ANLM 
41d. 1,5 I ;Avow/ 
Pvtil* 
15/0,1 
3//0•00 
q 4 67,-(.6 
I01 11)0'9 
ail, 001' 
c3, iL10,6 2 
'1 (4\l 
2.1 2-Li q-81-
-60,000.00 ,, 
6.446.40 
10.366.93 '' 
10,936.80 
Oi 
tv,43-4 0, • 
0.00 
-60,000.00 
-53,553.60 
-43,186.67 
-32,249.87 
• do-06 
/14.01/244 26 
CURRENT 
1-30 DAYS PAST 
DUE 
31-60 DAYS PAST 
DUE 
61-90 DAYS PAST 
DUE 
OVER 90 DAYS 
PAST DUE 
Amount Due 
-32,249.87 
0.0(1 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
-S32,249.87 
Acly /941406 ofd d 
‘si-
EFTA00811577
--- PAGE 2 ---
JF Custom Homes, LLC 
Invoice 
P.O. Box 304616 
St Thomas VI 00803-4616 
Bill To 
Little St. James 
Date 
Invoice # 
10/3I/20i 7 
346 
P.Q. No. 
Terms 
Project 
Due on receipt 
Quantity 
Description 
Rate 
Amount 
All work completed week ending October 24, 2017: 
Reimburse Expense Subcontractors Labor: 
Overhead Expenses (40%) 
Steel Plus Supplies 4868696 
2,436.00 
40.00% 
3,036.00 
2,436.00 I
974.40 1
3,036.00 i 
Thank you Ibr your business. 
Total 
$6,446.40 
EFTA00811578
--- PAGE 3 ---
Little St. James Labor 
_IF Custom Homes 
Week Ending 
10/24/2017 
18-Oct 
19-Oct 20-Oct 21-Oct 22-Oct 
23-Oct 
24-Oc 
Wednesday Thursday Friday 
Saturda Sunday Monday Tuesday ITTL Hrs 
Total $$$ 
Jimmy Fraguela 
$352.00 
Clive Benjamin 
$352.00 
Jean Jimmy Porcine 
$284.00 
Martin Abderdeen 
$388.00 
Orjedy DeLeon 
$492.00 
Ruben Ramirez Pillier 
$284.00 
Toni Lesperance 
$284.00 
TOTAL 
Overhead Expenses (40%) 
/1:4Oij 1-14A.e. 
s St' pig LALA 
$2,436.00 
$974.40 
$3,410.40 
two  
522. 
Hz_ 
PI -K 
tici 
Sap 2S-
rib 
-; 50 
1-1-1_ 
N3-71-
Pit 
41175 
EFTA00811579
--- PAGE 4 ---
STEEL PLUS SUPPLIES 
868696
BOX 304456 
AMC 
adorns 
z.p 
old b' 
col. K 
chogc 0 
check 0 
c.o.d. 0 on acn K #-
Je“-ipt5)•, 
e
lq
v 
', Vida it illiOrdiatiOd 
7C0 
3,d3i,‘TO 
S 
e 
In 
Ii 
--pf-rr--ip- 58 4 
le, 
313661
:<eep ri.is slip &.. Nit.. :In.,' 
EFTA00811580
--- PAGE 5 ---
JF Custom Homes, LLC 
Invoice 
P.O. Box 3O4616 
St Thomas VI 00803-4616 
Bill To 
Little St. James 
6100 Red Hook Qtr. B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Date 
Invoice # 
11/4/2017 
351 
M. No. 
Terms 
Project 
Due on receipt 
Quantity 
Description 
Rate 
Amount 
Week Ending October 31, 2017: 
Reimburse Expense Subcontractors Labor: 
6,901.75 
6,901.75 
Overhead Expenses (40%) 
40.00% 
2,760.70 
The Paint Depot, Inc 234537 
13.00 
13.00 I 
Collins Trucking 3978 
425.00 
425.00' 
SeaChest 1461640 
148.53 
148.53 
East End Lumber 643506 
117.95 
I I 7.95t, 
Total Reimbursable Expenses 
Vat 
Thank you for your business. 
Total 
id 0.166 91 
EFTA00811581
--- PAGE 6 ---
LSJ Labor 
JF Custom Homes 
Week Ending 
10/31/2017 
25-Oct 
26-Oct 
27-Oct 28-Oct 
29-Oct 
30-Oct 
31-Oct 
Wednesday Thursday Friday 
Saturda Sunday Monday Tuesday TTL Hrs 
Total $$$ 
Jimmy Fraguela 
$616.00 
Addison Denis 
$95.00 
Clive Benjamin 
$880.00 
Clyde Benjamin 
$165.00 
Jean Jimmy Dorcine 
$710.00 
Jean Jimmy Dorcine 
$133.75 
Jorge Maldonado 
$110.00 
Juan Ramirez 
$100.00 
Martin Abderdeen 
$970.00 
Orjedy DeLeon 
$1,230.00 
Orjedy DeLeon 
$231.25 
Ruben Ramirez Pillier 
$710.00 
Ruben Ramirez Pillier 
$133.75 
Toni Lesperance 
$710.00 
Toni Lesperance 
$107.00 
piertiv 
 Wettle4 
No 
TOTAL 
Overhead Expenses (40%) 
E5ful ki(z-
510 sat timiv tio% piadiur 
o\( -(Ä)( 
11. 0° 
2 a-)
33.(-27 
17?) 
Z b 
22- a> 
z-5--
3o, 7:_r 
fp-
I 7,7_): 
2b. 
$6,901.75 
$2,760.70 
$9,662.45 
EFTA00811582
--- PAGE 7 ---
COLLIN'S TRUCKING 
FAST & DEPENDABLQERVICE 
ANNAS RETREAT 394-279 MI BOX 8687 
SAINT THOMAS, VI 00801 
(340) 775-0174 (340) 690-0777 
IN GOD WE TRUST 
The Paint Depot. Inc 
4003 Raphune Hill Road, Ste 10 
St Thomas. VI 00802
340-775-1466 
340.775-5530 
1r,
Sales Receipt 
Transaction 
234537 
BORDER NO. 
PHONE 
DATE) 0 
- 
Account 
if Custom Homes 
Date'. 11)3/2017 
Cashier: FL 
Time. 12:53•24 PM 
Register p 1 
ri\c Coc,s\-c„crop-,_ 
¶7 ;"his 
Description 
Item 
Qt 
Price 
End 
Discount % 
Y 
CASH 
a 
DESCRIPTION 
CHARGE 
ON ACCT. MOSE ME 
PAID OUT 
AMOUNT 
PRICE 
el---(Ct....e..\/ :.-a..\ 
-,-\-0 
LSI — CiA.0,--A 
.3- 
LCS 
/16-- eie..-L, IL 
' 
TAX 
SY 
TOTAL /AS-. 00 
spa 
Aldabra and returned goods must be accompanied by MX bill. 
3978 • . 
THANK YOU 
fl
ag L. 
Lacquer Thinner 1Qt 
36200669 
50 
$13.00 
as 
Total 
$13.00 
Charge Account 
$13.00 
Change Due 
$0.00 
sign 
_ 
Thank you for your businessl 
15-day return policy with receipt 
EFTA00811583
--- PAGE 8 ---
East End Lumber 
Foster Plaza 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Ph: 340.775-3993 
Fx: 340.776.9034 
INVOICE 
Ship To: 
ATTN. 
J. FRAGUELA 
INVOICE NO.: 643506 
SNS 
Cust #5148 
Bill To: 
Ph:(340) 344.8514 
ATTN: J. FRAGUELA 
01:38 pm 
11/05/17 
Page # 1 
SKU 
DESCRIPTION 
I1012TR 
1X10X12 TREATED 
QTY 
Price 
%Disc 
Net Price 
Total Amount 
5.00 
23.59 
23.59 
117.95 
MasterNma 
$117.95 
(1,,1 6114 I fl I oll 61 %II IIIII~hII
Subtotal 
5117.95 
Tax. 
$0.00 
Amount Charged' 
$0.00 
TOTAL: 
$117.95 
INV8O.FRX/13.5 
15% Service Charge on Returns. No Returns After 30 Days. 
EFTA00811584
--- PAGE 9 ---
SeaChet" 
Alt 
Service Makes the Difference! 
SOLD TO 
JIMMY FRAGUELA 
F CUSTOM HOMES, LLC. 
ST THOMAS 
VI 00803-4616 
SEA CHEST 
3806 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
PHONE: (340) 774.0495 
SHIP TO 
JIMMY FRAGUELA 
F CUSTOM HOMES, LW. 
00803-4616 
IIMINIIIIIIIIIIIINIIII 
Shipment #: 1 
ACCOUNT# 
CUSTOMER 
TERMS 
ORDER # 
ORDER DATE 
SLSMN 
INVOICE # 
1NVOICEOATE 
F01350 
Net EOM 
41469532 
11/10/17 
AVS 
1461640 
11/10/17 
ORDERED 
8/0 
SHIPPED U/M 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
EA 
CONCR SCR 3/16X3-1/4 
25.990 
25.99 
,FHP 
HF-375304 
EA 
SS HEX LAG SCREW 1/2X5" 25 
3.500 
28.00 
HF-832088 
EA /WASHER FLAT SS 1/2" 
0.350 
2.80 
L/ HF-830510 
EA 4" FOOLER BRUSH 
7.950 
23.85 
T-10004 
EA 501 ROLLER FRAME 
6.990 
6.99 
1238450 
EA 9"X1/2" TREELON/9R-32 
5.950 
11.90 
RT-29032 
EA FOUNDATION COATING NF SGAL 
49.000 
49.00 
RC065 
GRHNFFC5 
Cu
friPad
1). 1V(IC
• 
(
61111461
November 10, 2017 14:17:21 OT:AVS 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
148.53 
*************** 
SOWS 
OTHER 
0.00 
* 
INVOICE 
• 
r************** 
0.00 
40 
PAGE 1 OF 1 
FRAGUELA JIMMY 
FREIGHT 
0.00 
X 
READ BEFORE 9GtoreG: All Ms 
be Ingo sten 15 Sys after NSW of goon. A 15% vistOciAlp i.e WSW to mu fetus. No 
TOTAL 
148.53 
or returns as 
Ce oranges 
Mums wm'out Fiat ameba. No fawn 
SSA recOpt or sales S. 
CUSTOMER COPY 
EFTA00811585
--- PAGE 10 ---
JF Custom Homes, LLC 
15. Box 304616 
St Thomas VI 00803-4616 
Little St. James 
6100 Red Hook Qtr. B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Invoice 
Date 
Invoice # 
11/12/2017 
355 
P.O. No. 
Terms 
Project 
Due on receipt 
Quantity 
Description 
Rate 
Amount 
Week Ending November 7,2017: 
Reimburse Expense Subcontractors Labor 
Overhead Expenses (40%) 
7,812.00 
40.00% 
7,812.00 
3,124.80 
Thank you for your business. 
Total 
$10,936.80 
EFTA00811586
--- PAGE 11 ---
LSJ Labor 
JF Custom Homes 
Week Ending 
11/7/2017 
1-Nov 
2-Nov 
3-Nov 
4-Nov 
5-Nov 
6-Nov 
7-Nov 
Wednesday Thursday Friday 
Saturda Sunday Monday Tuesday TTL Hrs 
Total $$$ 
Jimmy Fraguela 
$1,056.00 
Clive Benjamin 
$880.00 
Jean Jimmy Dorcine 
$710.00 
Jean Jimmy Dorcine 
$214.00 
Jorge Maldonado 
$176.00 
Juan Ramirez 
$176.00 
Martin Abderdeen 
$970.00 
Martin Abderdeen 
$292.00 
Orjedy DeLeon 
$1,310.00 
Orjedy DeLeon 
$394.00 
Ruben Ramirez Pillier 
$710.00 
Ruben Ramirez Pillier 
$214.00 
Toni Lesperance 
$710.00 
TOTAL 
Overhead Expenses (40%) 
$7,812.00 
$3,124.80 
$10,936.80 
EFTA00811587
--- PAGE 12 ---
!INTERIORS 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: (340) 776-8800 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS B3 
SUB: 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE (340) 775-1655 
FAX (340) 775-3309 
www.interiorsvi.com 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Shipment #: 1 
ACCOUNT # 
CUSTOMER P.O.# 
TERMS 
ORDER # 
ORDER DATE 
SLSMN INVOICE # 
INVOICE DATE 
20111 
NET 10TH FOLLOWIN 
40439899 10/31/17 
TMM 
397350 
10/31/17 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED WM /..... 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
'Q.t....)
RV 
' 
ICE&WATER SHIELD EMBOSSED 
TOUGHGUARD 200 SOFT (3 X 66.7) 
INS 
, . .• 
. 
106.490 
'04 
Ajj@i0or 
IV 
()).) Ci!
(.1...)-) 
851.92 
ka, 
October 31, 2017 11:40 42 OT:TMM 
MERCHANDISE 
851.92 
*slirk ****** 
* 
INVOICE 
• 
**** ***** ****** 
10 
JIMMY FRAGUELA 
X 
INAPVIA
OTHER 
0.00 
PAGE 1 OF 1 
clams or Wein* men 00 nude within 
NO Moos or **throes wAlieul woe ,
0.00 
FREIGHT 
0.00 
TOTAL 
851.92 
'II AD t15•0111. SIGNING: CIS. 10/ Nonage will NOT b el One unlOSO mode el IN Nom el 04/Wory. Al 
Days alto. /ocelot el geed.. A 15% telfloWAO fee aeOlial le AI Weems. No Muer* willieul DA. 00010eal. 
CUSTOMER COPY 
EFTA00811588
--- PAGE 13 ---
OMSi 
INTERIORS 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: (340) 776.8800 
FAX: (340) 774-3170 
www.msivi.com 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS B3 
SUB: 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE (340) 775-1655 
FAX (340) 775-3309 
www.interiorsvi.com 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Shipment #: 1 
ACCOUNTS 
CUSTOMER 
TERMS 
ORDER I 
ORDER DATE 
SLSMN INVOMES INVOICE GATE 
20111 
NET 10TH FOLLOWIN 
40436518 10/16/17 
DJL 
394278 
10/16/17 
ORDERED 
810 
SHPPED URA 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
-1
) 11 
..2-172 
Nj
,062 
i 
RO 
EA 
BX 
ROOFING FELT 30 LB. 216 S.F. 
WOODLAND 30# ASTIN 4869 
RF30 
#8X2" SS LOBE DRIVE DECK SCREW ' 
25LB BX/3200 PCS TORX 
2SSTX25 
#10X3"SS LOBE DRIVE DECK SCREW BUGLE HEAD 
1500/BX TORX *NOT FOR TREX 
3SSTX25 
40xx060 Silver Tarp 10mil 
11) 
I NO 
270.050 
193.490 
360.000 
af\j
/ 
\JS(3 
il 
25.280 
IC • 
278.08
540.10 
386.98 
360.00f
October 16, 2017 08:32 03 OT:DJL 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
1565.16 
*************** 
* 
INVOICE 
* 
10 
JIMMY FRAGUELA 
X 
SHIPWA 
OTHER 
0.00 
PAGE I OF 1 
41.' Mums must be mode wah0  Is 
No town. C. OXANACOS W;thOA2 cocoa 
0.00 
FREIGHT 
0.00 
TOTAL 
1565.16 
MAO °MAE SIGNING: Clots la Ow top will NOT WI allowed; unless ma to WEN Um* of 0ithu.Y. hhoWmi 
clOys MAX MOW of pews. A' 5% tostoatint too 000ded to all MAIM. No rattan* without pax opprovat. 
CUSTOMER COPY 
EFTA00811589

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811590.pdf
----------------------------------------
1:51 PM 
11/30117 
Accrual Bashi 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2015 
Type 
50000 • General 
Date 
Num 
50080 - 3i be
credit Card Charge 
01/142015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/142015 
Credit Card Charge 
0111412015 
Credit Card Change 
01/142015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/1412015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/142015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/142015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02252015 
Credit Card Charge 
oveseets 
Credit Care Charge 
02/0512015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/052015 
Credit Card Charge 
02/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
03222015 
Credit Card Charge 
03/12/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0322/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
03/12/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0322/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
03112/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
03/12/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
03/12/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
03/12/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
04/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
04/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
04/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
01/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
04/23/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
04/23/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
04/232015 
Credit Card Charge 
04/23/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
04/232015 
Cretin Card Charge 
0423200 
Crean Card Charge 
04/232015 
Credit Card Charge 
04123/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
04/23/2015 
Credit Card Chines 
04/23/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
042312015 
Credit Card Charge 
04/23/2015 
Name 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3. 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3...
American Express 3... 
American Express 3...
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Thomas J. Magnani 
Mount Sinai 
NY Presbyterian 
Weill Cornell Media.. 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Amentan Express 3... 
Amencan Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Memo 
Beauty supplies - Jan 2015 statement 
cleaners 
Polo Rail Lauren - Shoes 
sowers 
food Jan 2015 statement 
jewelry repair 
massage 
music 
nails 
pharmacy 
Leather Spa - shoes repair 
Taxi 
Tong Shoji • supplies for needlepani 
Clothes • Moomingdaies Feb 2015 statement - hay... 
cleaners 
clothes - BI CHH. Amencan apparel. met a porter 
books 
food Feb 2015 statement 
9009le 
ups shire 
music 
nails and spa 
pharmacy 
Leather Spa - shoes repair 
S 
Bolen - hair accessories 
TWIll stores - luaggage 
Food 
Equinox - 2 month 
Beauty supplies BlOomingdales. No 8 
Cleaners 
Food 
Container store • hg 
movies 
Staples - art guppies 
Taxi 
monde:es - towels and hg for iOn 
coffee machine fa tan 
Bed Bath • cleaning supplies for 10n 
Bowers 
food April statement 
Equinox • GYM 
Runes 
Nails 
Taxi - April statement 
Blociningdaks - special lingene for dress 
Dry cleaners 
Burke Decor -wan paper samples 
Kettle for ton 
Cir 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 Amex... 
1,144.07 
1,144.07 
25003 • Amex ... 
55.25 
1,199.32 
25003 - Amex ... 
191.38 
1,390.70 
25003 • Amex ... 
92.54 
1,483.24 
25003 Amex ... 
915.80 
2,399.04 
25003 • Amex ... 
76.21 
2,475.25 
25003 • Amex ... 
63.00 
2,538.25 
25003 . Amex 
29.10 
2,567.35 
25003 • Amex ... 
174.80 
2,741.95 
25003 • Amex ... 
92.44 
2,834.39 
25003 Amex ... 
1903.00 
3,030.39 
25003 Amex ... 
390.10 
3,420.49 
25003 • Amex 
106.74 
3.587.23 
25003 • Amex ... 
841.38 
4,228.61 
25003 • Amex ... 
258.25 
4,488.86 
25003 • Amex ... 
998.83 
5,485.69 
25003 • Amex 
50138 
5,548.37 
25003 • Amex ... 
2.270.00 
7,818.37 
25003 • Amex ... 
4.99 
7,821.38 
25003 Amex ... 
8.55 
7,829.91 
25003 Amex ... 
41.24 
7,871.15 
25003 Amex ... 
228.03 
8,099.15 
25003 Amex ... 
393.08 
8,492.23 
25003 Amex .. 
158.00 
8,650.23 
25003 Amex ... 
483.98 
9,134.19 
25003 Amex ... 
44.86 
9,179.05 
25003 Amex .. 
59.89 
9,238.94 
25003 - Amex ... 
14.07 
9,253.01 
25003 Amex ... 
388.00 
9,839.01 
25003 - Amex ... 
515.48 
10,154.47 
25003 - Amex ... 
39.25 
10,103.72 
25003 - Amex ... 
730.31 
10,924.03 
25003. Amex .. 
205.04 
11,129.07 
25003 - Amex ... 
77.28 
11,206.35 
25003 • Amex ... 
59.69 
11,206.04 
25003 Amex... 
331.39 
11,597.43 
25003 • Amex.,. 
859.65 
12,267.08 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,259.00 
13,516.08 
25003 • Amex 
195.00 
13,711.08 
... 
25003 Amex... 
1,155.82 
14,866.90 
25003 • Amex ... 
70.00 
14,936.90 
25003 • Amex ... 
338.50 
15.275.40 
25003 Amex... 
370.02 
15,645.42 
25003 • Amex ... 
136.09 
15,781.51 
25003 - Amex... 
823.36 
16,604.87 
25003 . Amex ... 
193.00 
16.797a7 
25003 • Amex... 
11.99 
16.809.88 
25003 • Amex ... 
130.10 
18,939.98 
25003. Amex... 
258.88 
17,198.84 
25003 • Amex 
88.00 
17,264.84 
25003 • Amex ... 
106.00 
17,370.84 
25003 - Amex ... 
120.00 
17,490.84 
25003 • Amex 
61.52 
17,572.343 
Page 1 
EFTA00811590
--- PAGE 2 ---
1:51 PM 
11/30117 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2015 
Type 
Date 
Credit Card Charge 
04/23/2015 
Cheek 
05/042015 
Credit Card Charge 
05/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
05/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
05/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
05/14)2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
05/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
05/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
05/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
05/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
05/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0914/2015 
Check 
06/12/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/16/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/172015 
Credo Card Charge 
03/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06x172015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/172015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/17/2015 
Check 
07/07/2015 
Check 
07/07/2015 
Check 
07/14/2015 
Credit Card Credit 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
07/1512015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2015 
Check 
07/30/2015 
Check 
07/30/2015 
Check 
07/30/2015 
Check 
07/30/2015 
Check 
07/30/2015 
Num 
S 
Name 
ligardir 
3...
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3...
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Wells Fargo Visa 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American ExpresIS 3... 
American Express a.. 
American Express 3... 
America, Express 3... 
America Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
NY Academy of Art 
Travel Insurance 
SCo 
NY Academy or Art 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3. . 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
iunencan Express 3... 
ss 3...
Memo 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
clearing supplies. phone protectt screen. paper for 
joint account rent Feb - May 2015 (4 month) Stepan° 
beuty supplies - Bloomingdales.. 
Visa lot Japen 
Cleaners 
GAP - clothes 
Flowers 
Food 
25003 - Amex ... 
10013 • DB JE... 
25003 • Amex ... 
25003 • Amex ... 
25003 • Amex 
25003 - Amex 
25003 • Amex ... 
25003 • Amex... 
150.23 
4,815.00 
659.79 
349.00 
196.00 
49.95 
106.88 
1,384.21 
17.722.59 
22.537.59 
23.197.38 
23.546.38 
23.744.38 
23,79413 
23,903.21 
25,287.42 
GYM 2 month 
25003 - Amex ... 
508.23 
25,796.65 
Apple 
25003 • Amex ... 
95.81 
25491.48 
Burke credit 
25003 . Amex ... 
90.00 
25401.48 
Nails and SPA 
25003 • Amex ... 
367.74 
26.169.20 
e
ph
titia 
fin).
25003 Amex ... 
123.11 
26.292.31 
25003 • Amex ... 
354.97 
24847.28 
joint account rent Jun 
10013 - DB JE... 
1,203.56 
27,850.84 
Elabgap E Hampton Illbdy 
lunch
at... 
25030 • Wells... 
199.15 
28,049.99 
For
 birthday - Car rental. Hotel Hampton. Bare... 
25003 • Amex ... 
9,141.41 
37.191.40 
Utrecht Art supplies 
25003 . Amex ... 
462.16 
37453.56 
Bloomingdales • beauty supplies 
25003 • Amex ... 
756.86 
38,410.42 
Cleaners 
25003 • Amex ... 
157.25 
34667.87 
Clothes 
25003 • Amex ... 
328.44 
38,894.11 
EZ Pass 
25003 • Amex... 
22,85 
38.916.96 
Flowers 
25003 • Amex... 
86.90 
39.003.86 
Food 
25003 • Amex... 
1,222.62 
40,226.48 
HG 
25003 • Amex ... 
206.26 
40,434.74 
!tunes 
25003 - Amex ... 
62.91 
40,497.65 
nails 
25003 • Amex ... 
100.00 
40,597.65 
Pharmacy 
25003 . Amex ... 
176.38 
40,774.01 
Taxis 
25003 . Amex ... 
175.39 
40,949.40 
Focd for 
25003 • Amex ... 
473.70 
41,423.10 
Kites of theVII 
and. trawl 
25003 • Amex ... 
91.25 
41,614.35 
Classes for 
25003 • Amex ... 
4,450.00 
45,964.35 
ar
insurance for 
25003 • Amex ... 
25003 • Amex ... 
450.00 
235.13 
48,423.35 
48,85948 
Doctor fee 
10013 • DB JE.. 
400.00 
47,058.48 
parking violation See 
10013 • DB JE... 
100.00 
47,156.48 
Rent fa July 2014 
10013 • DB JE... 
1,218.56 
48,377.04 
credit Classes for I= 
25003 • Amex ... 
595.00 
47,782.04 
An supplies 
25003 Amex ... 
570.13 
48.352.17 
Hertz car rental for ....I. 
and. 
25003 • Amex ... 
356.14 
48,710.31 
Cleaners 
25003 • Amex ... 
228.00 
44938.31 
clothes 
25003 • Amex ... 
108.87 
49.047.18 
Food 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,492.04 
50,53922 
GYM 
25003 • Amex ... 
65.00 
50,824.22 
HG 
25003 • Amex ... 
82.30 
50,886.52 
!tunes 
25003 • Amex ... 
178.26 
50,56$.78 
Pharmacy 
25003 . Amex ... 
219.86 
51.082.44 
printer 
25003 - AMON( ... 
70.71 
51,153.15 
5PA and nails 
25003 Amex 
261.00 
51,414.16 
25003 - Amex 
93.55 
514437.70 
Taxis
25003 - Amex ... 
664.51 
52,172.51 
Rent for August and September 2015y 2014 
10013 • Da JE... 
2,407.00 
54,579.51 
Medical NM 
10013 • DB JE... 
1411.00 
56.093.51 
French embassy fee 
10013 • DB JE... 
40.00 
54130.51 
Flight fee 
10013 • DB JE... 
85.00 
56,195.51 
Gracious borne • items for apt 11J Ehud saved und... 
10013 • DB JE... 
157.33 
56,352.84 
Page 2 
EFTA00811591
--- PAGE 3 ---
1:51 PM 
11/30/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2015 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Check 
07/30/2015 
Check 
07/30/2015 
Check 
07/3012015 
Check 
08104/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
08/18/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
05/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
08/16/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
08/18/2015 
Cloth' Card Charge 
08/18/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
08/18/2015 
Creel Card Charge 
08/1812015 
Credit Card Charge 
08/1812015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/182015 
Credit Card Charge 
06/18/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
08/18/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
09/24/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
09/24/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
09124/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
09/24/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0924/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
09/24/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
09/24/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
09/202015 
Credit Card Charge 
09/24/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
09/24/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
09/24/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
09/24/2015 
Check 
0/05/2015 
Check 
0/05/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0/20/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0/20/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0/20/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0/20/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0/20/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0/20/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0/20/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0/20.2015 
CANN Card Charge 
0/20/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
0/20/2015 
Check 
0121/2015 
Check 
0/21/2015 
Check 
1/04/2015 
Check 
1/04/2015 
Check 
1/0/2015 
Check 
1/04/2015 
Check 
1/16/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
/252015 
Credit Card Charge 
1252015 
Credit Card Charge 
725/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
/25/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
1252015 
Credit Card Charge 
1252015 
Credit Card Charge 
1252015 
Credit Card Charge 
/25/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
1252015 
Credit Card Charge 
1252015 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3. . 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3...
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Thomas J. hitagnam 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Name 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Amerian Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Amman Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Memo 
Excel class 
Dr receipt submitted and saved ander WT add backu... 
balance kagai $5000 wire transfer 
cash for
 per JE • for food 
Car rental 
Cleaners 
Electronic, 
Food for= - August statement 
pharmacy 
Runes 
Nails and SPA 
Hotel. Hartmann 
clothes 
jut and MTA 
IS 
August 2015 statement 
Auto exp 
Beauty supple septernber statement 
clearers 
earings 
Food 
'tunes 
MTA 
nails 
pharmacy 
taxi 
wifi 
Ns 3•• • 
NI: cleaning supplies. tan, as freshner 
Rent forOctober 2015 
at 
fee for wire 
cleaners 
clothes 
food 
dunes 
medal 
nails 
pharmacy 
I19. supplies 
ss 3... 
taxi 
doctor 
bank fee 
doc1or 
pharmacy 
bank fee 
Bernier Nov 2015 
rein*. for doctor, pharmacy 
Adam mail 
beauty supplies 
boos 
Nevelop cleaners 
clothes 
food 
Runes 
medical 
nails 
pharmacy 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
10013 • DB JE... 
159.00 
56,511.84 
10013 • DB JE... 
600.00 
57,111.84 
10013 • DB JE... 
20.67 
57,132.51 
10502 • JEE C... 
300.00 
57,432.51 
25003 • Amex ... 
366.75 
57,799.26 
25003 - Amex ... 
73.25 
57,872.51 
25003 • Amex ... 
60.94 
57,933.45 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,547.52 
59,481.07 
25003 • Amex... 
91.13 
59,572.20 
25003 • Amex ... 
76.65 
59,649.05 
25003 • Amex ... 
213.10 
59,862.15 
25003 • Amex ... 
265.84 
60,127.99 
25003 • Amex ... 
205.12 
60,333.11 
25003 ' Amex... 
277.87 
60,610.78 
25003 - Amex ... 
60,610.78 
25003 • Amex ... 
34.85 
60,645.43 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,082.18 
81,707.59 
25003 • Amex... 
47.60 
61,755.09 
25003 - Amex... 
215.56 
61,970.65 
25003 • Amex ... 
657.55 
62,828.20 
25003 - Amex ... 
121.01 
62,949.21 
25003 ' Amex... 
10.00 
62,959.21 
25003 - Amex... 
114.00 
63,073.21 
25003 - Amer... 
151.65 
63,224.86 
25003 • Amex ... 
48.47 
63,273.33 
25003 . Amex ... 
10.00 
83,283.33 
25003 ' Amex ... 
795.75 
64,079.0. 
10013 - DUE... 
1,203.58 
65262.64 
10013 - DB JE... 
15.00 
65,297.64
• 
25003 Amex ... 
1,720.00 
67,017.64 
25003 • Amex ... 
104.75 
67,122.39 
25003 • Amex ... 
699.02 
87.821.41 
25003 • Amex ... 
648.17 
68,669.58 
25003 - Amex ... 
96.05 
68,765.63 
25003 - Amex ... 
150.00 
68.915.63 
25003 • Amex ... 
67.00 
68,983.23 
25003 • Amex ... 
313.68 
69,296.91 
25003 • Amex ... 
334.36 
69,631.29 
25003. Amex ... 
583.38 
70,214.67 
10013 • Di3JE... 
302.00 
70,518 67 
10013 • 09 JE... 
15.00 
70,531.67 
10013 • DB JE... 
300.00 
70,831 67 
10013 • 09 JE... 
480.00 
71.291.67 
10013 • 08 JE... 
15.00 
71,306 67 
10013 • DB JE... 
1,204.00 
72,51(3.57 
10013 • DB JE... 
483.89 
72.994.56 
25003 • Amex ... 
116.24 
73.110 80 
25003 • Amex ... 
293.06 
73,404.76 
25003 . Amex ... 
63.35 
73.484 14 
25003 . Amex ... 
105.85 
73.573 99 
25003 • Amex ... 
163.88 
73.737 87 
25003 • Amex ... 
616.94 
74,554.81 
25003 - Amex ... 
60.09 
74.814 90 
25003 • Amex ... 
696.95 
75,311.85 
25003 • Amex ... 
52.00 
75.383 85 
25003 • Amex... 
117.92 
75.481.77 
Page 3 
EFTA00811592
--- PAGE 4 ---
1:51 PM 
11/30/17 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Credit Card Charge 
11/25/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
11/25/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
11/25/2015 
Check 
12/01/2015 
Wire 
Cheek 
utorratn a 
Wire 
Check 
12/15/2015 
Check 
12/15/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12121/2015 
American Express 3.. 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2015 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/71315 
American Eexa
naensiis03
NY
..... 
Credit Card Charge 
12/22/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
12/22/2015 
Slecorn 
Credit Card Charge 
12122/2015 
T 
Check 
12/2312016 
Check 
12/29/2015 
=The 
Check 
12/29/2015 
Total 50093 
Total 50080 Gins 
Total 50000 General 
TOTAL 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2015 
Memo 
hg 
taxi Nov statement 
MIA and gavel exp 
Rent for Dec 2015 
Medical doctor . labs 
reimb. for 7 month rent Jan 2018-July 2016 (7 month) 
relmb. for 7 month rent Jan 2018-Jity 2015 (7 month) 
cleaner 
clothes 
flowers 
food 
gilt 
ho 
dunes 
medical 
movies 
pharmacy 
shoes 
SPA 
taxi 
travel 
UPS 
as
likla 
and- 
Aspen vacation 
Aspen do
 suppoes Ramis 
NY show forte 
Aspen trip airline reimb for MillendM 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex ... 
101.45 
75,583.22 
25003 • Amex . 
705.57 
76.288.79 
25003 . Amex ... 
188.00 
78.458.79 
10013 • OB JE... 
1,203.56 
77.860.35 
10013 • OB JE... 
831.08 
78,491.43 
10013 • OB JE... 
8.424.92 
88,918.35 
10013 • DB JE... 
883.00 
87,599.35 
25003 . Amex ... 
221.75 
87,821.10 
25003 • Amex .. 
34428 
88.155.39 
25003 . Amex ... 
54.36 
58,219.74 
1,159.91 
89,379.65 
25003 • Amex ... 
23.79 
89,403.44 
25003 • Amex .. 
341.59 
89.745.03 
25003 . Amex ... 
67.09 
89,012.12 
25003 . Amex ... 
184.00 
89,996.12 
25003 ' Amex ... 
89.76 
90,085.88 
25003 • Amex ... 
323.34 
90,409.22 
25003 • Amex ... 
218.00 
90,627.22 
25003 Amex ... 
121.00 
90,748.22 
25003 • Amex 
211.03 
90,959.25 
25003 • Amex ... 
81.02 
91,040.27 
26003 • Amex . . 
50.09 
91,090.36 
25003 Amex ... 
140.00 
91,230.36 
26003 • Amex ... 
473.13 
91,703.49 
25003 . Amex ... 
3.842.80 
95,546.29 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,364.20 
98,910.49 
10013 . DB JE... 
419.96 
97,330.45 
10013 . DB JE... 
431.24 
97,781.89 
10013 . 
E.. 
299.94 
98,061.63 
12312 • 
S. 
98.746.83 
98,746.63 
98,746 63 
98,746.63 
Page 4 
EFTA00811593
--- PAGE 5 ---
1:51 PM 
1100/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2016 
Type 
Date 
Num 
50000 • General 
50080 • GI
50033 'M 
01/07/2016 
Check 
01/070016 
Check 
01/07/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
011200018 
Credit Card Charge 
01/20/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
01/20/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
01/20/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
01/20/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
01/20/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
01/20/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
01/200018 
Credit Card Charge 
01/20/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
01/20/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
01/20/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
cnnonole 
Credit Card Charge 
01120/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
01/20/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/23/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/23/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/262016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
02/29/2016 
Check 
03/01/2016 
Credit Card Credit 
0304/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
03/14/2015 
Credit Card Charge 
03/18/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/18/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
03/24/2016 • 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/240016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/24/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
04/120016 
Name 
united Airlines 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3 
American Express 3 
American Express 3 
American Express 3 
Delta As Lines 
Delta Air Lines 
United Airlines 
American ExpreSS 3 
American Express 3 
American Express 3 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3.. . 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
ANIS 
United Airlines 
American Airlines CO 
United Airlines 
United Airlines 
United Airlines 
United Airlines 
American Express 3... 
Frederic Fekkai & Co. 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Thomas J. Moaning ... 
Memo 
Is 
phone repaired and 
Aspen kip airline reimb for
lr ea:a 
ers 
Aspen - Denver 
cleaners 
clothes 
cosmetics 
flowers 
fuel 
he 
runes 
nails 
pharmacy 
shoes 
taxi 
Pavel 
NY - Houston 
NY Houston NY 
NY - Houston 
cleaners 
flowers 
food 
museum 
nails 
pharmacy 
taxi 
travel 
statement 
for 
or 
NY - Houston • NY 
STT_Houston 
Houston • NM 
Houston - NM 
NY • Houston - NY 
NY - Houston • NY 
Car rental Feb 2016 
deanersi 
Clothes 
Food Mardi 2016 statement 
Yoga and GYM 
hair 
888. staples 
'tunes 
bckels movie.. 
pharmaCY 
SPA-3 
taxi 
exp 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
10013. DB JE... 
428.97 
42997 
10013 • D8 JE... 
244.25 
673.22 
10013 • D8 JE... 
220.00 
893.22 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,128.10 
2,021.32 
25003 Amex 
114.50 
2135.82 
25003 • Amex ... 
661.86 
2,797.70 
25003 Amex ... 
50.08 
2,847.76 
25003 
... 
81.66 
2,929.44 
25003 • Amex ... 
11.85 
2,941.29 
25003 - Amex 
55.25 
2,996.54 
25003 • Amex 
7233 
3,068.87 
25003 • Amex ... 
11615 
3,185.02 
25003 • Amex ... 
265.70 
3,470.72 
25003 Amex ... 
169.00 
3,63972 
25003 • Amex ... 
290.16 
3,929.87 
25003 • Amex ... 
266.34 
4,196.21 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,064.79 
5,261.00 
25003 • Amex .. 
352.20 
5,613.20 
25003 • Amex .. 
619.86 
6,233.06 
25003 . Amex ... 
563.10 
6,796.16 
25003 • Amex ... 
57.50 
6,853.68 
25003 • Amax ... 
125.21 
6,978.87 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,609.71 
8,588.58 
25003 • Max 
46.00 
8,634.58 
25003 Amex ... 
65.50 
8,700.08 
25003 • Amex . 
131.05 
8,831.13 
25003 . Amex ... 
339.05 
9,170.18 
25003 • Amax ... 
299.82 
9,470.00 
25003 Amex ... 
140.00 
9,610.00 
25003 . Amex ... 
1,554.64 
11,104.84 
25003. Amex ... 
521.75 
11,686.39 
10013 DB JE... 
400.00 
12,086.39 
25003 • Amex .. 
999.20 
11,067.19 
25003 • Amex ... 
429.36 
11,516.55 
25003 Amex .. 
414.10 
11,930.65 
25003. Amex ... 
64.00 
11,994.65 
25003 . Amex . . 
523.20 
12,617.85 
25003 Amex ... 
999.20 
13,517.05 
25003 • Amex ... 
365.62 
13,882.67 
25003 Amex 
470.25 
14,352.92 
25003 • Amex .. 
135.75 
14,488.67 
25003 • Amex ... 
344.24 
14,832.91 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,007.67 
15,840.58 
25003 . Amex ... 
189.03 
16,029.58 
25003 Amex ... 
74.03 
16,103.61 
25003. Max.,. 
fan 
18,20319 
25003 • Amex ... 
45.97 
16.249.16 
25003 • Amex .. 
25.00 
16,274,16 
25003 • Amex ... 
304.29 
16,578.45 
25003 • Amex ... 
323.50 
16,901.95 
26003 • Amex .. 
335.51 
17.237.46 
25003 • Amex ... 
344.33 
17.581.79 
26003 • Amex ... 
285.00 
17,866.79 
Pearl 
EFTA00811594
--- PAGE 6 ---
1:51 PM 
11/30/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2016 
Type 
Date 
Credit Card Charge 
04/122016 
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
04112/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
04/1272016 
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
0212/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2016
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
04/1272018 
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
04/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
0412/2016 
Cheek 
05/05/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
05/12/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
05/12/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
05/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
05/12/2016 
Credit Caro Charge 
05/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
05/12/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
05/12/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
05/122016 
Credit Card Charge 
05/12/2016 
Check 
05/1372016 
Check 
05/3/2016 
Check 
05713/2316 
Check 
05/13/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
05/132016 
Credit Card Charge 
05/13/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
0213/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
05/13/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
05/31/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
03/31/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
06/142018 
Credit Card Charge 
06/1412016 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
08/14/2010 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2016 
Crean Card Charge 
06/14/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
06/142018 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2016 
Cred t Card Charge 
06/14/2016 
Cad t Card Charge 
08/4/2016 
Cad t Card Charge 
043721/2016 
Cad t Card Charge 
06/21/2016 
Coed t Card Charge 
06/2112016 
Cad t Card Charge 
08/2172016 
Credit Card Charge 
08/21/2016 
Check 
0229/2010 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2010 
Num 
a 
rent 
rent 
rent 
rent 
JE 
Name 
American Express 3... 
United Airlines 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3.. 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Amerier.s 
3... 
Americanxpress 3.. 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3...
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
i
i 
Ilene 
Frederic Fekkai & Co. 
Frederic Fekkal & Co. 
Ralph Lauren 
Federal Express 
Federal Express 
American Express 3...
Della Air Lines 
American Express 3...
American Express 3... 
American Express 3. . 
American Express 3... 
America, Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Mount Sinai 
MSBI 
Wakareens 
BboMingdales 
Atlantic Grill 
Amen"canPpress  3... 
American Express 3 . 
Memo 
bea 
su 
eS 
NY . Hotislon . NY 
broadway 
cleaners 
clothes 
flowers 
food 
GYM 
hg 
'tunes 
medical 
nails 
Pharmacy 
Postage 
shoes 
taxi 
travel 
Per JE for birthday 
beauty supplies 
cleaners 
medical 
food 
GYM 
Runes 
Pharmacy 
taxi 
hg 
Visa exp 
Doctor visit 
May. June. July and August rent as prior money spen.. 
bank lee 
SPA for 
Ma for 
and Karyna 
tedex to anal& 
fedex to Zinaida 
beauty supplies - Bloomingdaies 
Silinskaya/ a 
NY - San Francisco - NY 
Cleaners 
Sport Authority - clothes 
Food 
GYM 
HG 
Fumes 
nails 
pharmacy 
taxi 
doctor 
doctor 
pharmacy 
charged 
mistake to Blue Amex 
food for IIII birthday 
Reimbursement for doctor Lauren Fett 
beauty supplies 
cleaners Jury Statement 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex... 
451.61 
18,318.40 
25003 • Amex... 
787.20 
19,105.80 
25003 • Amex ... 
480.64 
19,586.24 
25003. Amex 
94.50 
18880.74 
25003 • Amex ... 
12.56 
19,693.30 
25003 • Amex ... 
97.99 
19,79129 
25003 - Amex ... 
1,400.76 
21,282.05 
25003 • Amex ... 
140.00 
21,422.05 
25003 . Amex ... 
731.44 
21,653.49 
25003 Amex ... 
89.39 
21.642.88 
25003 Amex . 
1,162.06 
22004.94 
25003 Amex ... 
176.50 
22,981.44 
25003 . Amex . 
204.16 
23.185.60 
25003 • Amex ... 
4.89 
23.190.49 
25003 • Amex ... 
250.00 
23.440.49 
25003 • Amex ... 
360.23 
23,800.72 
25003 Amex ... 
583.14 
24,383.88 
10013 • DB JE... 
10,000.00 
34,363.88 
25003 - Amex ... 
45.73 
34,429.50 
25003 . Amex 
139.00 
34.568.59 
25003 • Amex ... 
34.00 
34,602.59 
25003 - Amex .. 
1,644.67 
36,247.46 
25003 • Amex ... 
430.87 
36.678.33 
25003. Amex ... 
111.87 
38.790.20 
25003 • Amex ... 
219.78 
37,009.98 
25003 • Amex ... 
299.74 
37,309.72 
25003 • Amex 
57.80 
37,367.40 
10013 • DB JE... 
77.00 
37.444.40 
10013. DB JE... 
125.00 
37,569.40 
10013 • DB JE... 
4,814.24 
42,383.84 
10013 • DB JE... 
15.00 
42,39864 
25003 - Amex ... 
310.84 
42,709.48 
25003. Amex ... 
235.13 
42.944.61 
25003 - Amex 
236.13 
43.17874 
25003 - Amex ... 
3.11927 
46.299.01 
25008 • Amex ... 
41.06 
46.340.07 
25008 . Amex 
332.20 
48672.27 
25003 Amex ... 
250.84 
46,922.91 
25003 • Amex ... 
633.83 
47.558.74 
25003 . Amex ... 
160.00 
47,71624 
25003 • Amex ... 
30.00 
47.748.74 
25003 Amex ... 
1,465.65 
49.232.39 
25003 - Amex ... 
230.00 
49,462.39 
25003 Amex ... 
141.14 
49,603.53 
25003 Amex 
101.94 
49,705.47 
25003 Amex ... 
172.80 
49,878.27 
25003 • Amex ... 
165.28 
50.043.55 
25003 • Amex ... 
32822 
50,372.77 
Amex Blue 
146.00 
50,50877 
Amex Blue 
400.00 
50.918.77 
Amex Blue 
2139 
60,940.16 
Amex Blue 
48.50 
50.986738 
Amex Blue 
47.21 
51,033.87 
10013 . DB 
... 
800.00 
51,833.87 
25003 - Amex 
352.63 
52,188.50 
25003 - Amex ... 
248.25 
52,434.75 
Page 2 
EFTA00811595
--- PAGE 7 ---
1:51 PM 
11130/17 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
NUM 
Name 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/20113 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/152016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2016 
American Express 3. . 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2018 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2018 
American Express 3... 
Credal Card Charge 
07/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/152016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/19/2016 
Kwyna 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
Check 
07/20/2018 
08/01/2016 
St' 
Credit Card Charge 
08/11/2016 
Teasel's-go Svc° 
Credit Card Charge 
08/11/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08111/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/112016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/11/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/112016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/11/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/112016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/11/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/11/2016 
America, Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/11/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/112016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08111/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/112016 
Speedway 
Credit Card Charge 
06/11/2016 
Hertz Car Rental 
Credit Card Charge 
06/11/2016 
Food 
Credit Card Charge 
08/11/2016 
Speedway 
Credit Card Charge 
08/11/2016 
Check 
09/01/2016 
Check 
09/14/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
OW1572016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/152016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2018 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/192016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
America, Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/15/2016 
Check 
10/11/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
10/172016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Care Charge 
10/17/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
10/17/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit care Charge 
10/17/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
10/17/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
10/17/2016 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
10/17/2016 
American Express 3... 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 201 6 
Memo 
Apple 
food July statement 
GYM July statement 
medico 
nails July statement 
pharmacy July statement 
taxi July statement 
Travel 
hg 
Adam mail 
at
Jaggploursernent for docta Lauren Feit 
IS 
and Ma 
beauty serapes August statement 
C 
Food 
August statement 
GYM 
August statement 
MISC HG 
Runes 
NY peen medics? 
nails Augµ
atemenl 
August statement 
ta d August statement 
tickets braggbuy 
clothes - 
secret 
Hamptons 
car rentelS05 
food for 
ne0 
Hampton vacation 
Hamptons - 
Pannacy for 
aMME 
Reknbursement for doctor Lauren Fell 
Reimbursement for doclor Lauren Feit 
hg 
beauty supplies 
books 
cleaners 
food Sept statement 
Equinox GYM 
hg 
itunes 
moving 
nails 
pharmacy 
photos 
supplies 
taxi Sept st 
mist 
Reimbursement for doctor Lauren Fat 
beauty supplies 
book 
clothes 
Equinox 
°nom 
food 
hg 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex... 
25003 Amex ... 
25003 • Amex... 
31.57 
1,063.37 
350.00 
52,466.32 
53,549.69 
53899.69 
25003 Amex ... 
34.00 
53,933.69 
25003 • Amex 
211.50 
54,145.19 
25003 • Amex ... 
221.29 
54366.48 
25003 • Amex ... 
330.75 
54,897.23 
25003 • Amex... 
34.95 
54,732.18 
25003 • Amex ... 
42.56 
54,774.74 
25003 • Amex... 
29.24 
54,797.98 
25003 • Amex... 
706.04 
54,001.04 
25003 • Amex ... 
450.00 
54,451.04 
10013 • DB JE... 
1000.00 
55,451.04 
25003 • Amex... 
398.37 
55,649.41 
25003 Amex ... 
200.41 
58,049.82 
26003 • Amex... 
139.25 
56,169.07 
25003 • Amex... 
1,198.77 
57,387.84 
25003 • Amex ... 
370.00 
57.757.84 
25003 • Amex ... 
348.16 
58,104.00 
25003 • Amex ... 
32.00 
58,138.00 
25003 • Amex... 
1,358.53 
5%494.53 
25003 • Amex ... 
202.50 
59.897 03 
25003 • Amex ... 
178.38 
59,875.41 
25003 • Amex ... 
288.28 
60,163.69 
25003 • Amex ... 
67.20 
60230.69 
25003 • A 
80.00 
80,310.89 
Amex Blue 
1916 
60,330.05 
Amex Blue 
778.81 
61.108.86 
Amex Blue 
292.30 
61,401.16 
Amex Blue 
10,61 
61,411.77 
Amex Blue 
71.18 
61,482.95 
10013 • OBJE... 
3,003.00 
64.485.95 
10013 • 08 JE... 
477.00 
64,062.95 
25003 • Amex ... 
66.00 
65.028.95 
25003 • Amex ... 
357.29 
65.386.24 
25003 • Amex ... 
122.92 
65,509.16 
25003 • Amex ... 
68.03 
65,577.18 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,323.62 
6%900.76 
25003 • Amex 
230.00 
67,130.78 
25003 • Amex ... 
209.11 
67,339.89 
25003 • Amex ... 
28.01 
67.387.90 
25003 • Amex .. 
75.12 
67,443.02 
25003 • Amex ... 
251.10 
67,694.12 
25003 • Amex 
91.88 
67,766.00 
25003 Amex 
15.00 
67%01.00 
25003 Amex ... 
34.80 
67,835.80 
25003 • Amex 
575.54 
68,411.34 
25003 • Amex ... 
49.95 
68,461.29 
i00i3. DB JE. 
1203.56 
69,664 D6 
23003 • Amex ... 
246.06 
89,910.91 
25003 • Amex 
57.00 
89,967.91 
25003 • Amex ... 
557.89 
70,525.80 
25003 • Amex ... 
230.00 
70,755.80 
25003 • Amex ... 
87.07 
70,842.67 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,208.70 
72.051.57 
26003 • Amex 
980.17 
73011.74 
Page 3 
EFTA00811596
--- PAGE 8 ---
1:51 PM 
11130/17 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
Credit Card Charge 
10717/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
10/17/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
18/17/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
10/17/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
10/1772016 
Credit Card Charge 
10/1712016 
Credit Card Charge 
10/19/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
10/27/2016 
Check 
18/28/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
11/1472016 
Credit Card Charge 
11/14/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
11/162016 
Credit Card Charge 
11/18/2018 
Credit Card Chafes 
/11182018 
Credit Card Charge 
11/1602016 
Credit Card Charge 
11/18/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
11116/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
11/16/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
11/162018 
Credit Card Charge 
111113/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
1111602018 
Credit Card Charge 
11/16/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
11/18/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
11/16/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
11/16/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
11/18/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
11/16/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
11/16/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
11/18/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
11/16/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
11/113/2016 
Check 
11/2272018 
Check 
12/01/2018 
Check 
12113/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
12121/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
12721/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Credrl Card Charge 
12/21/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Guide Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12121/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
121202018 
Credit Card Charge 
1741/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
12/21/2016 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2016 
Num 
Name 
Mem0 
American Express 3... 
dunes 
American Express 3... 
medical 
American Express 3... 
nails 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy 
American Express 3.. 
taxi 
American Express 3... 
repaired 
Thomas J. Magrtani 
Taxi for moving out from 301 and moving supplies • ... 
burger-nent for doctor Lauren Fail 
Thomas J. Magna..
Frederic Fekkai 8 Co. 
American Express 3... 
fuel 
American Express 3... 
Broadway fora 
American Express 3... 
beauty supplies 
American Express 3... 
doctor-3 
American Express 3... 
flowers 
American Express 3... 
food Nov 2016 
American Express 3... 
Apple - computer supplies 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
American Express 3... 
Haloween costume 
American Express 3... 
hal 
American Express 3... 
hg 
American Express 3... 
phone case. ets 
American Express 3... 
itunes'3 
American Express 3... 
movies 
American Express 3... 
nails 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy 
American Express 3... 
cleaning supplies 
American Express 3... 
dollies 
American Express 3... 
taxi Nov 2016 
gill . 
ss 3... 
p r JE
JE 
per JE rent for Dec 2016 
per JE rabbi class 
American Express 3... 
Medical 
American Express 3... 
PG Senior 
American Express 3... 
accessories 
American Express 3... 
Lush beauty 
American Express 3... 
hg 
American Express 3... 
no 
sunencan Express 3... 
book 
American Express 3_ 
clothing 
American Express 3... 
cosmetics 
American Express 3... 
eyelashes removal 
American Express 3... 
hair products 
American Express 3... 
makeup 
American Express 3... 
food Dec statement 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
American Express 3.. . 
hunts 
Amencan Express 3... 
moviel 
American Express 3_. 
nails 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy 
American Express 3.. 
taxi Dec statement 
American Express 3... 
hg 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex ... 
28.01 
73,039.75 
25003 • Amex . 
125.00 
73,164.76 
25003 • Amex ... 
142.50 
73.307.25 
25003 • Amex .. 
157.14 
73,464.39 
25003 • Amex ... 
588.67 
74,031.06 
25003 • Amex ... 
203.00 
74,234.06 
25003 . 
inik. 
220.00 
74A54.06 
Amex eluei 
480.83 
74.934.89 
10013 - DB JE... 
1.203.00 
71,137.69 
25003 • Amex ... 
275.00 
78,41289 
25003 • Amex ... 
419.10 
76,831.99 
25003 • Amex ... 
21.57 
76,853.56 
25003 • Amex ... 
224.88 
77,078.44 
25003 • Amex ... 
138,33 
77,216.77 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,878.25 
79,095.02 
25003 • Amex ... 
168.76 
79,283.78 
25003 • Amex ... 
538.85 
79,800.63 
26003 • Amex ... 
159.47 
79,980.10 
25003 • Amex ... 
230.00 
80,190.10 
25003 • Amex ... 
127.38 
80,317.48 
25033 • Amex ... 
55.00 
80,372.48 
25003 • Amex ... 
378.92 
80,749.40 
25003 • Amex ... 
108.70 
80,856.10 
25003 • Amex ... 
30.18 
80,886.28 
25003 • Amex... 
31.98 
80,918.28 
25003 • Amex... 
126.40 
81,044.66 
25003 • Amex ... 
153.00 
81,197.66 
25003 • Amex... 
151.08 
81,348.74 
25003 • Amex... 
435.73 
81,764.47 
25003 • Amex... 
232.27 
82.018.74 
Amex 
37.95 
82,054.69 
25003 • 
... 
10013 - DB JE... 
500.00 
82454.69 
10013 • DB JE.. 
1,203.56 
83.75825 
10013 • DB JE... 
720.00 
84,47&25 
25003 • Amex ... 
68.00 
84,576.25 
25003 - Amex ... 
75.91 
84,652.16 
25003 • Amex ... 
41.25 
84,693.41 
25003 • Amex ... 
40.88 
84,734.29 
25003 • Amex ... 
48.98 
84,783.27 
25003. Amex... 
277.51 
85,080.78 
25003 • Amex... 
38.11 
85,098.89 
25003 - Amex ... 
189.03 
85,267.92 
25003 • Amex ... 
174.20 
85,442.12 
25003 • Amex ... 
60.00 
85,502.21 
25003 • Amex ... 
285.26 
85,787.47 
25003 • Amex ... 
32.66 
85,820.13 
25003 • Amex ... 
757.92 
88,578.05 
25003 • Amex ... 
230.00 
86,808.06 
25003 • Amex ... 
67.98 
86,896.03 
25003 • Amex ... 
62.48 
88.958.51 
25003 • Amex ... 
65.50 
87,024.01 
25003 • Amex ... 
234.88 
87,258.89 
25003 • Amex ... 
246.25 
87,505.14 
25003 • Amex ... 
21.18 
$7,526.32 
Page 4 
EFTA00811597
--- PAGE 9 ---
1:51 PIA 
11/30117 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2016 
TYPii 
Taal 50093 • fl
Total 50080 Gilts 
Total 50000 • General 
TOTAL 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
89.322.46 
89,322.48 
89.322 48 
89,322.46 
Page 5 
EFTA00811598
--- PAGE 10 ---
1:51 PM 
11130/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2017 
Type 
Date 
50000 • General 
50080 • Gifts_ 
50093 •Mila 
Check 
01/09/2017 
Check 
01/09/2017 
Check 
01/19/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
01/24/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
01/2412017 
Credit Card Charge 
01/24/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
01124/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
011244017 
Credit Card Charge 
01124/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
01124/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
01/242017 
Credit Card Charge 
01/24/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
D1/24/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
01/24/2017 
Check 
02/03/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
02110/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/10/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/122017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/102017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/10/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/10/2017 
Credo Card Charge 
02/102017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/10/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
021102017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/10/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/10/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/102017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/10/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/11/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/1112017 
Credit Card Charge 
02/11/2017 
Check 
02/1 812017 
Check 
02/16/2017 
Check 
02/27/2017 
Check 
03/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
03115/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/152017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/1512017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/152017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/152017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/1512017 
Credit Card Charge 
01152017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/152017 
Credit Card Charge 
032512017 
Credit Card Charge 
0311642017 
Check 
03/2342017 
Cheek 
03/24/2017 
Check 
04113/2017 
Check 
04/13/2017 
Num 
Name 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
3...
American Express 3... 
American Express 3.. . 
American Express 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Frederic Fekkal 8 Co. 
Mount Sinai Surgery 
Th 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
America, Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
American Express 9... 
American Express 3... 
era . 
Memo 
rabbi Class 
Jan rent 
per JE 
cleaners 
cothes 
fedex 
food 
GYM 
hg - COSIMVCS, pharmacy etc 
itunes 
rnedcal 
movies 
nails 
taxi Jan statement 
per JE 
beauty supplies 
clothes 
food 
GYM 
itunes 
nails 
pet ore, 
pharmacy 
phone exp 
shoes repair 
taxi feb statement 
ai 
rt expense 
medical 
rabbi 
Medal dr 
as per JE 
*mbi for at ticketfor brother 
beauty supplies 
clothes 
Food Mara statement 
GYM 
Amazon hg 
movies 
nines 
medial 
nails 
pet exp 
Dhanmacy 
taxi March statement 
rif 
rent March 2017 
for payment as per DKi and JEE 
C(or
Clr 
Split 
Debit
Credit 
Balance 
10013 • DB JE... 
10013 • DB JE... 
10013 • De JE... 
25003 • Amex... 
720.00 
1,203.56 
1.000.00 
31.50 
195.98 
3.85 
720.00 
1,923.58 
2,923.56 
2,955.06 
3,151.04 
3,154.69 
25003 • Amex ... 
25003 • Amex... 
25003 • Amex ... 
928.90 
4,083.59 
25003 • Amex ... 
230.00 
4,313.59 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,588.87 
5,900.48 
25003 Amex ... 
79.98 
5,980.44 
25003 • Amex... 
51.00 
6,031.44 
25003 Amex... 
37.98 
8,069.42 
25003 , Amex... 
154.00 
6.223.42 
25003 • Amex... 
278.47 
6,501.89 
10013 • DB JE... 
1.20158 
7,705.45 
25003 Amex ... 
191.62 
7,897.07 
25003 • Amex ... 
313.39 
8,210.46 
25003 Amex ... 
568.36 
8.778.82 
25003 • Amex ... 
230.00 
9,008.82 
25003 • Amex ... 
439.23 
9,448.05 
25003 • Amex ... 
28.01 
9,476.06 
25003 , Amex ... 
89.60 
9,565.66 
25003 • Amex._ 
256.13 
9,821.79 
25003 , Amex ... 
185.36 
10,007.16 
25003 • Amex ... 
30.00 
10,037.16 
25003 • Amex ... 
198.00 
10,235.16 
25003 Amex ... 
323.36 
10,558.51 
25003 Amex 
167.50 
10.726.01 
25003 Amex ... 
403.86 
11.129.87 
25003 • Amex ... 
5,300.00 
18.429.87 
25003 • Amex ... 
220.00 
18.649.67 
10013 • DB JE... 
720.00 
17,389.87 
10013 • DB JE... 
400.00 
17,769.87 
10013 • OB JE... 
1,030.00 
18,769.87 
10013 , OB JE... 
784.00 
19.553.87 
25003 • Amex ... 
90.37 
19,844.24 
25003 Amex ... 
326.58 
19,970.82 
25003 • Amex 
1,472.60 
21,443.42 
25003 • Amex ... 
230.00 
21,673.42 
25003 • Amex ... 
360.22 
22,033.64 
25003 • Amex ... 
37.98 
22,071.62 
25003 • Amex ... 
31.00 
22,102.62 
25003 • Amex 
376,00 
22,478.62 
25003 • Amex .. 
40.00 
22,518.62 
25003 • Amex ... 
559.57 
23,078.19 
26003 Amex 
235.08 
23.313 27 
25003 • Amex ... 
213.57 
23.526.84 
25003 • Amex 
180.00 
23.886.84 
25003 • Amex 
1,170.00 
24,856.84 
10013 • DB JE... 
1,203.56 
28,060.40 
10013 • DB JE... 
725.00 
26.765.40 
10013 • DB JE... 
13.5k.
27.988.96 
10013 • DB JE... 
( -3;030.00 
30.981.96 
Page 1 
EFTA00811599
--- PAGE 11 ---
1:51 PM 
11/30/17 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
Credit Card Charge 
04/1872017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
041872017 
Credit Card Charge 
OM 8/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/1872017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/1872017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/1872017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/1872017 
Credit Card Charge 
04/1872017 
Credit Card Charge 
04118/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
05104/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
05)18/2017 
Check 
05/3172017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/12/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
00/14/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/142017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/1472017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/14/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/14/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
03/14/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/1472017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/1472017 
Check 
06121/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/22/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/1172017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/1172017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/1172017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
07/122017 
Check 
07/13/2017 
Check 
07/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/1512017 
Credit Card Charge 
00115/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
06/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
00/15/2017 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2017 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
American Express 3... 
b00k 
American Express 3... 
cosmetics 
American Express 3... 
Design books 
America, Express 3... 
design supplies 
American Express 3... 
medical doctors 
American Express 3... 
food April statement 
American Express 3. .. 
GYm 
America, Express 3... 
itunes 
American Express 3... 
museum 
American Express 3... 
nails? 
American Express 3 .. 
pet supplies 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy 
American Express 3... 
photo 
American Express 3... 
print/copies 
American Express 3... 
taxi ApAl 2017 
American Express 3. .. 
YOGA 
American Express 3... 
Amaze
Food 
la 
for M 
• no sure why Blue card used 
3...
May ID 2017 statement to 
Ousaima Misky and ... ilk and
 products 
American Express 3... 
beauty supplies 
American Express 3... 
books 
American Express 3... 
food June statement 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
America, Express 3... 
hg 
American Express 3... 
dunes 
America, Express 3... 
nails 
American Express 3. .. 
pet supplies 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy 
ss 3 . . 
taxi June statemeni 
rent 
Grey Dog University 
Pet exP 
American Express 3... 
clothes 
American Es/Ness 3... 
hg 
American Express 3... 
tod July statement 
American Express 3... 
itunes 
American Express 3... 
movies 
American Express 3... 
nails 
American Express 3.. 
pet 080 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy 
American Express 3... 
taxi !ley statement 
American Express 3... 
ill 
rent June and July 
doctor 
American Express 3... island. 
Frederic Fekkai & CO. 
American Express 3 .. 
beauty supplies 
American Express 3... 
cleaners 
American Express 3 .. 
clothes 
American Express 3... 
food August st 
American Express 3.. 
GYM 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
American Express 3... 
Auras 
American Express 3... 
medical 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex ... 
19.58 
31.008.54 
25003 - Amex ... 
44.84 
31,053.18 
25003 • Amex ... 
108.88 
31.102.06 
25003 - Amex ... 
157.83 
3131189 
25003 • Amex ... 
449.24 
31.709.13 
25003 - Amex ... 
1,697.99 
33.487.12 
25003 - Amex ... 
230.00 
33,697.12 
25003 • Amex ... 
70.98 
33.768.10 
25003 . Amex ... 
43.00 
33,811.10 
25003 • Amex ... 
100.80 
33.911.90 
25003 . Amex ... 
286.82 
34.196.72 
25003 • Amex ... 
77.75 
34.276.47 
25003 • Amex ... 
15.19 
34.241.68 
25003 - Amex ... 
14.94 
34,308.60 
25003 • Amex ... 
418.48 
34,723.08 
25003 . Amex ... 
160.00 
34183.08 
25003 • Ass. 
76.84 
34.95912 
Amex Blue.. 
55.24 
35,015.16 
10013 • DB JE... 
4,083.02 
1,203.00 
39,098.18 
40,301.18 
25003 . Amex ... 
187.26 
41488.44 
25003 - Amex ... 
5213.87 
41,017.31 
25003 • Amex ... 
40.22 
41,057.53 
25003 • Amex ... 
1.280.61 
42,338.14 
25003 • Amex ... 
236.00 
42,574.14 
25003 . Amex ... 
25.85 
42,59919 
25003 • Amex ... 
28.01 
41621.00 
25003 • Amex ... 
180.00 
42,80800 
26003 - Amex ... 
594.30 
43,402.30 
25003 - Amex ... 
247.71 
43,650.01 
26003 - Amex ... 
10013 - CiB 
307.85 
1100.00 
41957.86 
44,957.88 
Amex Muslin 
57.49 
45,01535 
25003 . Amex ... 
129.55 
45,144.90 
25003 - Amex ... 
987.24 
46,132.14 
25003 • Amex ... 
756.00 
46,888.14 
25003 • Amex ... 
28.01 
46,91115 
26003 • Amex ... 
31.60 
41947.75 
25003 - Amex ... 
129.50 
47177.25 
25003 • Amex ... 
180.54 
47,257.79 
25003 • MUM... 
279.45 
47,537.24 
25003 • Amex ... 
241.38 
47,778.62 
25003 • Amex... 
275.00 
48053.62 
25003 - Amex ... 
356.76 
48,41138 
10013 • DB JE... 
2.407.00 
50,817.38 
10013 - DB JE... 
400.00 
51,217.38 
25003 • Amex ... 
11.97 
51,229.35 
25003 - Amex ... 
321.08 
51,550.43 
26003 *Amex ... 
48 
51,614.91 
251303 • Amex ... 
188.10 
51.803.01 
25003 • Max ... 
438.77 
52,241.78 
25003 - Amex ... 
1.03185 
53,273.33 
25003 - Amex ... 
235.00 
53,508.33 
25003 • Amex ... 
25.00 
53,533.33 
25003 • Amex ... 
87.88 
53,621.21 
25003 - Amex ... 
1,359.00 
54,980.21 
Page 2 
EFTA00811600
--- PAGE 12 ---
1:51 PM 
11/30/17 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Dale 
Num 
Name 
Credit Card Charge 
06/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/1512017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/192017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
08/18/2017 
Korchma Tapas 
Credit Card Charge 
08/18/2017 
Uwe Technologies I.., 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3.. 
Credit Card Charge 
09/1312017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/1372017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
09/16/2017 
Liter Technologies I... 
Credit Card Charge 
10/13/2017 
Thomas J. Magnani 
Credit Card Charge 
10/13/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3...
Credit Card Charge 
11115/2017 
American Express 1... 
Credit Card Charge 
11/16/2017 
American Express 3...
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
11115/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
Amerkan Express 3... 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
American Express 3...
Credit Card Charge 
11/1512017 
American Express 3... 
Total 50093 • 
Total 50080 Gilts 
Total 50000 • General 
TOTAL 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2017 
Memo 
nails 
pet exp 
pharmacy 
SPa 
Taxi August 2017 
food 
Taxi August statement 
lingerie 
clothes 
cosnbetcs 
dance loss 
pet exp 
food • Sept Statement 
GYM and GYM supplies 
hg 
itunes 
massage 
medical 
nails 
pharmacy 
shoes 
taxi 
ups 
returned for crew 185.09. 98 40, 190 (28.77 Credited) 
October 10 2017 statement 
h9 
apple store 
pet exp 
food Nov 10 st 
GYM 
massage arid nails 
thine, 
medical bills 
pharmacy 
post office and telex 
taxi Nov 10 st 
hg 
Clr 
Spot 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex ... 
196.00 
55,176.21 
25003 • Amex .. 
133.15 
55,309.38 
25003 Amex ... 
244.34 
55,553.70 
25003 • Amex ... 
240.35 
55,794.05 
25003 • Aik. 
272.46 
56,086.61 
Amex Blu 
65.73 
56,132.24 
Amex Blu 
18.53 
56.150.77 
25003 • Amex ... 
98.00 
56.248.77 
25003 • Amex .. 
214.40 
56,463.17 
25003 • Amex ... 
252.63 
58,715.80 
25.00 
56,740.80 
25003 • Amex ... 
254.72 
56.99552 
25003 • Amex ... 
777.56 
57.773.08 
25003 • Amex ... 
376.06 
58,149.14 
25003 • Amex ... 
96.92 
58,248.06 
25003 • Amex ... 
28.01 
58.274.07 
25003 • Amex ... 
170.04 
58.444.11 
25003 • Amex ... 
244.00 
58,668.11 
25003 • Amex ... 
158.00 
58,846.11 
25003 • Amex 
99.84 
58,945.95 
... 
25003 • Amex ... 
178.99 
59.124.94 
25003 • Amex ... 
55.78 
59.18072 
25003 • Amex ... 
10.89 
59,191,81 
25003 • Anis.. 
444.72 
59,636.33 
Amex Blue.. 
26.24 
59,662.57 
25003 • Amex ... 
345.00 
60,007.57 
25003 • Amex .. 
3,957.04 
63,984.61 
25003 Amex ... 
239.09 
64,203.70 
25003 • Amax ... 
107.67 
64,311.37 
25003 • Amex... 
162.68 
64,474.05 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,266.88 
85,740.93 
25003 • Amex ... 
235.00 
65,975.93 
25003 • Amex .. 
477.00 
68,452.93 
25003 • Amex ... 
35.81 
86,4888.74 
25003 • Amex 
803.00 
87.291.74 
... 
25003 • Amex... 
232.21 
67,523.95 
25003 • Amex... 
185.61 
67,689.56 
25003 • Amax ... 
232.09 
67,921.65 
25003 • Amex ... 
46.06 
67,967.71 
67,987.71 
0.00 
67,967.71 
67,967.71 
0.00 
67,967.71 
67.967.71 
0.00 
67.967.71 
67,967.71 
0.00 
47447.71 
IMP 
EFTA00811601

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811602.pdf
----------------------------------------
LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT 
OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
I, JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, a resident and domiciliary of St. Thomas, United States Virgin 
Islands, do make, publish and declare this to be my Will hereby revoking all prior Wills and 
Codicils made by me. 
FIRST: 
A. 
I direct my Executor to pay from my estate all expenses of 
my last illness, my funeral and burial expenses, the administration expenses of my estate and all 
of my debts duly proven and allowed against my estate. 
B. 
I direct my Executor to pay from my estate, as 
compensation to each Executor for serving as Executor hereunder, the sum of Two Hundred 
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) to each Executor upon the completion of probate of my 
estate. No Executor shall receive any other compensation for serving as Executor hereunder; 
provided, however, that my Executor shall be reimbursed from my estate for all reasonable 
costs, expenses, charges, and liabilities incurred or paid in respect thereto, including fees and 
expenses of counsel or any other agents hired by my Executor, and my Executor shall not be 
liable therefor individually. 
C. 
I direct my Executor to pay from my estate the federal and 
state transfer taxes described in Paragraph B(1) of Article SEVENTH. 
D. 
I direct my Executor to pay from my estate all expenses of 
storing, insuring, packing, shipping and delivering my tangible personal property in accordance 
with the provisions of Article SECOND. 
SECOND: 
I give all of my property, real and personal, wherever situated, 
after the payments and distributions provided in Article FIRST, to the then acting Trustees of 
The Jeffrey E. Epstein 2017 Trust ("Trust") created under that certain Amendment and 
Restatement of The Jeffrey E. Epstein 2017 Trust (the "Trust Agreement") dated June 
2017, as the same may be amended from time to time, to be held in accordance with the 
provisions comprising the Trust Agreement at the time of my death. 
THIRD: 
A. 
I appoint DARREN K. INDYKE, RICHARD D. KAHN 
and TERJE ROD-LARSEN to serve as the Executors of this Will. If any one or more of my 
Executors fails to qualify, is unable or unwilling to serve or ceases to act, I appoint EVA 
ANDERSSON DUBIN, as successor Executor, followed by KATHRYN RUEMMLER, as 
successor Executor, followed by STEPHEN HANSON, as successor Executor. If one or more of 
such successor Executors fails to qualify, is unable or unwilling to serve or ceases to act, I 
authorize the last acting Executor to designate his or her successor. Such designation shall be 
made by written instrument delivered to such designated successor Executor. 
EFTA00811602
--- PAGE 2 ---
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 2 of 10 
B. 
If my estate must be administered in whole or in part in 
any jurisdiction other than the state or territory of my domicile at the date of my death and if my 
Executor is unable or unwilling to serve in such jurisdiction, then I appoint the successor 
Executor of my estate designated in Paragraph A of Article THIRD provided that he or she is 
able and willing to serve in such jurisdiction. If no Executor or successor Executor is able and 
willing to serve in such jurisdiction, my Executor shall designate a successor Executor to serve 
in such jurisdiction. Such designation shall be made by written instrument delivered to such 
successor Executor. 
C. 
No bond or other security shall be required of any 
Executor in any jurisdiction. 
D. 
Any Executor may resign in the manner provided for by 
the governing statutes of the state or territory having jurisdiction of the administration of my 
estate or in the absence of such statutory guidance, by filing a written notice of resignation with 
the Court having jurisdiction of the administration of my estate. Any Executor who resigns shall 
not be entitled to any compensation hereunder for any services rendered as Executor prior to his 
or her resignation. 
E. 
My Executor shall not be accountable or responsible to any 
person interested in my estate for the manner in which my Executor in good faith exercises or 
declines to exercise any discretionary authority or power of my Executor. My Executor shall not 
be liable for any loss or depreciation in value occasioned by reason of any negligence, error or 
mistake of judgment in entering into any transaction, in making any sale or investment, in 
continuing to hold any property or by reason of any action or omission, whether by my Executor 
or any other fiduciary, unless my Executor has acted in bad faith. In the absence of proof by 
affirmative evidence to the contrary, each Executor shall be deemed to have acted within the 
scope of my Executor's authority, to have exercised reasonable care, diligence and prudence and 
to have acted impartially as to all interested persons. An Executor shall not be liable for the acts 
or defaults of another Executor. 
FOURTH: 
The following provisions shall apply to my estate and to my 
Executor, except as is otherwise specifically provided in this Will: 
A. 
My Executor has the entire care and custody of all assets 
of my estate. My Executor has the power to do everything my Executor in good faith deems 
advisable without necessity of any judicial authorization or approval, even though but for this 
power it would not be authorized or appropriate for fiduciaries under any statutory or other rule 
of law. My Executor shall exercise my Executor's best judgment and discretion for what my 
Executor believes to be in the best interests of the beneficiaries hereunder. If more than two 
Executors are empowered to participate in the decision to exercise or not exercise any fiduciary 
power granted by this Will or by law, a majority of such Executors shall be empowered to make 
such decision. 
B. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, my Executor shall 
have the power: 
EFTA00811603
--- PAGE 3 ---
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 3 of 10 
(1) 
to enter upon and take possession of the 
assets of my estate and collect the income and profits from such assets, and to invest and 
reinvest such assets in real, personal or mixed assets (including the common trust funds of a 
corporate fiduciary) or in undivided interests therein without being limited by any present or 
future investment laws; 
(2) 
to retain all or any part of the assets of my 
estate (without regard to the proportion that any one asset or class of assets may bear to the 
whole) in the form in which such assets were received or acquired by my Executor; 
(3) 
to sell or dispose of, exchange, transfer, 
invest or loan all or any part of the assets of my estate which may, at any time, be held by my 
Executor for such sums or upon such terms as to payment, security or otherwise as my Executor 
determines, either by public or private transactions; 
(4) 
to buy and sell options, warrants, puts, calls 
or other rights to purchase or sell (collectively "options") relating to any security or securities, 
regardless of whether such security or securities are then held by my Executor, and whether 
such options are purchased or sold on a national securities exchange, and to exercise with 
respect to such options all powers which an individual owner thereof could exercise, including, 
without limitation, the right to allow the same to expire; 
(5) 
with respect to oil, natural gas, minerals, 
and all other natural resources and rights to and interests therein (together with all equipment 
pertaining thereto) including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, oil and gas 
royalties, leases, or other oil and gas interests of any character, whether owned in fee, as lessee, 
lessor, licensee, concessionaire or otherwise, or alone or jointly with others as partner, joint 
tenant, or joint venture in any other noncorporate manner, (a) to make oil, gas and mineral leases 
or subleases; (b) to pay delay rentals, lease bonuses, royalties, overriding royalties, taxes, 
assessments, and all other charges; (c) to sell, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge or otherwise 
hypothecate any or all of such rights and interests; (d) to surrender or abandon, with or without 
consideration, any or all of such rights and interests; (e) to make farm-out, pooling, and 
unitization agreements; (f) to make reservations or impose conditions on the transfer of any such 
rights or interests; (g) to employ the most advantageous business form in which properly to 
exploit such rights and interests, whether as corporations, partnerships, limited partnerships, 
mining partnerships, limited liability companies, joint ventures, co-tenancies, or otherwise 
exploit any and all such rights and interests; (h) to produce, process, sell or exchange all 
products recovered through the exploitation of such rights and interests, and to enter into 
contracts and agreements for or in respect of the installation or operation of absorption, 
reprocessing or other processing plants; (i) to carry any or all such interests in the name or 
names of a nominee or nominees; (j) to delegate, to the extent permitted by law, any or all of the 
powers set forth herein to the operator of such property; and (k) to employ personnel, rent office 
space, buy or lease office equipment, contract and pay for geological surveys and studies, 
procure appraisals, and generally to conduct and engage in any and all activities incident to the 
foregoing powers, with full power to borrow and pledge in order to finance such activities; 
together with the power to allocate between principal and income any net proceeds received as 
EFTA00811604
--- PAGE 4 ---
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 4 of 10 
consideration, whether as royalties or otherwise, for the permanent severance from lands of oil, 
natural gas, minerals. and all other natural resources; 
(6) 
to hold all or any part of the assets of my 
estate in cash or in bank accounts without the necessity of investing the same; 
(7) 
to improve, repair, partition, plat or 
subdivide all or any part of the assets of my estate; 
(8) 
to litigate, defend, compromise, settle, 
abandon or submit to arbitration on such terms and conditions as my Executor determines any 
claims in favor of or against my estate or the assets of my estate; 
(9) 
to loan or borrow money in such amounts 
and upon such terms and conditions as my Executor determines, assume such obligations or give 
such guarantees as my Executor determines, for the purpose of the acquisition, improvement, 
protection, retention or preservation of the assets of my estate, or for the welfare of the 
beneficiaries of my estate; 
(10) 
to carry on for as long and in such manner 
as my Executor determines any business enterprise in which I owned any interest at my death, 
either individually, or as a partner, member, joint venture, stockholder or trust beneficiary; to 
sell such business enterprise as an ongoing business; to consolidate, merge, encumber, dissolve, 
liquidate or undertake any other extraordinary corporate transaction relating to such business 
enterprise; 
(11) 
to vote in person or by proxy any and all 
stock or securities and to become a party to any voting trusts, reorganization, consolidation or 
other capital or debt readjustment of any corporation, association, partnership, limited liability 
partnership, limited liability company or individual with respect to stocks, securities or debts 
held by my estate; 
(12) 
except as provided for in Sections (20) and 
(21) of this Article Fourth, to enter into any good faith transactions with any Executor 
individually or with any corporation, partnership or other entity in which any Executor has an 
ownership interest; 
(13) 
To purchase from my estate any stocks, 
bonds, securities, real or personal property, or other assets, or make loans to my estate even 
though the same person or persons occupy the office of my Trustee and the office of the 
Executor of my estate; 
(14) 
to lease, mortgage, pledge, grant a security 
interest in or otherwise encumber all or any part of the assets of my estate for any term of years 
whether or not beyond the duration of my estate (including, without limitation, any such action 
for the benefit of any of the beneficiaries of my estate); 
EFTA00811605
--- PAGE 5 ---
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 5 of 10 
(15) 
to abandon any property of my estate, real 
or personal, which my Executor may deem worthless or not of sufficient value to warrant 
keeping or protecting; to abstain from the payment of taxes, water rents or assessments and to 
forego making repairs, maintaining or keeping up any such property; and to permit such 
property to be lost by tax sale or other proceedings or to convey any such property for a nominal 
consideration or without consideration so as to prevent the imposition of any liability by reason 
of the continued ownership thereof; 
(16) 
to elect the mode of distribution of the 
proceeds payable to my estate from any profit-sharing plan, pension plan. employee benefit 
plan, individual retirement plan, insurance contract or annuity contract pursuant to the terms of 
such plan; 
(17) 
to allocate, in my Executors discretion, any 
adjustment to basis provided to my estate under the provisions of Federal and State law with 
respect to property comprising my estate, without any obligation to make a compensatory 
adjustment among the beneficiaries hereunder on account of such allocation; 
(18) 
to conduct any audit, assessment or 
investigation with respect to any asset of my estate regarding compliance with any law or 
regulation having as its object protection of public health, natural resources or the environment 
("Environmental Laws"); to pay from the assets of my estate to remedy any failure to comply 
with any Environmental Law (even to the exhaustion of all of the assets of my estate); and, as 
may be required in my Executor's judgment by any Environmental Law, to notify any 
governmental authority of any past, present or future non-compliance with any Environmental 
Law; and 
(19) to sell to the Trustee under the Trust 
Agreement any stocks, bonds, securities, real or personal property or other assets or borrow 
from the Trustee under the Trust Agreement even though the same person or persons occupy the 
office of the Executor of my estate and the Trustee under the Trust Agreement. 
(20) No executor shall directly or indirectly buy 
or sell any property for the estate from or to himself, or from or to his relative, employer, 
employee, partner, or other business associate. 
(21) No executor shall lend estate funds to 
himself, or to his relative, employer, employee, partner, or other business associate. 
C. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, my Executor shall 
have the power: 
(1) 
to 
employ 
agents, 
attorneys-at-law, 
consultants, investment advisers (to whom my Executor has discretion to delegate my 
Executor's investment authority and responsibility), other executors and other fiduciaries in the 
administration of my Executor's duties; to delegate to such persons, or to one or more of my 
Executors, the custody, control or management of any part of my estate as my Executor 
EFTA00811606
--- PAGE 6 ---
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 6 of ICI 
determines and to pay for such services from the assets of my estate, without obtaining judicial 
authorization or approval; 
(2) 
to delegate, in whole or in part, to any 
person or persons the authority and power to (a) sign checks, drafts or orders for the payment or 
withdrawal of funds, securities and other assets from any bank, brokerage, custody or other 
account in which funds, securities or other assets of my estate shall be deposited, (b) endorse for 
sale, transfer or delivery, or sell, transfer or deliver, or purchase or otherwise acquire, any and 
all property, stocks, stock warrants, stock rights, options, bonds or other securities whatsoever, 
(c) gain access to any safe deposit box or boxes in which my assets or assets of my estate may 
be located or which may be in the name of my Executor and remove part or all of the contents of 
any such safe deposit box or boxes and release and surrender the same, and (d) take any other 
action that my Executor may have the power to take with respect to my estate and the property 
thereof; no person or corporation acting in reliance on any such delegation shall be charged with 
notice of any revocation or change of such delegation unless such person or corporation receives 
actual notice thereof; 
(3) 
to pay any property distributable to a 
beneficiary under a legal disability or who has not attained the age of 21, without liability to my 
Executor, by paying such property (a) to such beneficiary, (b) for the use of such beneficiary, (c) 
to a legal representative of such beneficiary appointed by a court or if none, to a relative for the 
use of such beneficiary, or (d) to a custodian for such beneficiary designated by my Executor, to 
hold until age 21 or such earlier age as shall be the maximum permitted under applicable law; 
(4) 
to distribute to any of the beneficiaries of 
my estate in kind or in cash, or partly in kind and partly in cash, and to allocate different kinds 
or disproportionate shares of assets or undivided interests in assets among all of such 
beneficiaries; 
(5) 
to have evidence of ownership of any 
security maintained in the records of a Federal Reserve Bank under the Federal Reserve Book 
Entry System; to deposit funds in any bank or trust company; to carry in the name of my 
Executor or the nominee or nominees of my Executor and with or without designation of 
fiduciary capacity, or to hold in bearer form, securities or other property requiring or permitting 
of registration; and to cause any securities to be held by a depository corporation of which an 
Executor is a member or by an agent under a safekeeping contract; provided, however, that the 
books and records of my Executor shall at all times show that such investments are part of my 
estate; 
(6) 
to renounce and disclaim, in whole or in 
part, and in accordance with applicable law, any assets, interests, rights or powers (including 
any power of appointment) which are payable to (or exercisable by) me or my estate, which are 
includible in my estate or Gross Estate or over which I have any right, title, interest or power; 
and 
(7) 
to make, execute and deliver any and all 
such instruments in writing as shall be necessary or proper to carry out any power, right, duty or 
EFTA00811607
--- PAGE 7 ---
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 7 of 10 
obligation of my Executor or any disposition whatsoever of my estate or any asset of my estate 
and to exercise any and all other powers incidental or necessary to carry out or to fulfill the 
terms, provisions and purposes of my estate. 
D. 
In connection with any insurance policy or annuity on the 
life of an Executor which is included in my estate, such Executor shall not participate in the 
decision to exercise or not exercise any fiduciary power in connection with any incidents of 
ownership for such policy or annuity, including, without limitation, any decision to continue, 
assign, terminate or convert such policy or annuity or to name the beneficiary of such policy or 
annuity. 
E. 
An Executor hereunder may by a written notice delivered 
to the other Executor (or Executors) decline to participate in the decision to exercise or not 
exercise any fiduciary power granted by this Will or by law. 
F. 
If an Executor is not empowered (because of a conflict of 
interest, declination to act or otherwise) to participate in the decision to exercise or not exercise 
any fiduciary power granted by this Will or by law, then the remaining Executor or Executors 
shall be empowered to make such decision. If no Executor is empowered to participate in such 
decision, then the successor Executor of my estate designated in Paragraph A of Article THIRD 
and able and willing to act shall be empowered to make such decision. If no Executor or 
successor Executor is empowered to participate in such decision, my Executor may designate a 
successor Executor to serve as Executor of my estate who shall be empowered to make such 
decision but shall have no other power or authority of my Executor. Such designation shall be 
by written notice delivered to such successor Executor. 
G. 
(1) 
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein 
and except as provided in Paragraph G(2) of this Article, my Executor shall allocate receipts and 
disbursements in accordance with sound trust accounting principles and shall have discretion to 
allocate receipts and disbursements when the treatment is uncertain under applicable laws or 
generally accepted accounting principles in the judgment of my Executor. 
(2) 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this 
Will, my Executor shall not treat any part of the principal amount of the proceeds of sale of any 
asset of my estate as income distributable to or for the benefit of any beneficiary entitled to 
distributions of income; provided, however, that my Executor shall treat a portion of any 
proceeds of sale of any financial instrument originally issued or acquired at a discount equal to 
the amount which (a) has previously been characterized as ordinary income for income tax 
purposes or (b) will be characterized as ordinary income for income tax purposes in the year of 
such sale, as income for trust accounting purposes. 
FIFTH: 
Where a party to any proceeding with respect to my estate has the 
same interest as a person under a disability, it shall not be necessary to serve legal process on the 
person under a disability. 
SIXTH: 
If any beneficiary under the Trust shall in any way directly or 
indirectly (a) contest or object to the probate of my Will or to the validity of any disposition or 
EFTA00811608
--- PAGE 8 ---
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 8 of 10 
provision of my Will or of the Trust or (b) institute or prosecute, or be in any way directly or 
indirectly instrumental in the institution or prosecution of, any action, proceeding, contest, 
objection or claim for the purpose of setting aside or invalidating my Will or the Trust or any 
disposition therein or provision thereof, then I direct that (a) any and all provisions in the Trust 
for such beneficiary and his issue in any degree shall be null and void and (b) my estate, whether 
passing under my Will or the Trust or pursuant to the laws of intestacy, shall be disposed of as if 
such beneficiary and his issue in any degree had all failed to survive me. 
SEVENTH: 
A. 
As used herein: 
(1) 
The term "Executor" of a person's estate 
means all persons or entities who occupy the office of executor, administrator, personal 
representative, or ancillary administrator while such persons or entities occupy such office, 
whether one or more persons or entities occupy such office at the same time or times, and 
includes any successor or successors to that office. The term "Trustee" means all persons or 
entities who occupy the office of Trustee under the Trust Agreement while such persons or 
entities occupy such office, whether one or more persons or entities occupy the office of Trustee 
at the same time or times, and includes any successor Trustee or Trustees. A reference to a 
person's estate or probate estate means that person's estate which is subject to probate 
administration. A reference to a person's Will means such person's Last Will and Testament and 
any Codicil or Codicils thereto. 
(2) 
The term "IRC section" means a section of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the corresponding provision of any 
successor Internal Revenue law, as in effect as of the date of my death. 
(3) 
A reference to any tax also includes any 
interest or penalties thereon. A reference to a person's "Gross Estate" means such person's gross 
estate as finally determined for purposes of computing such person's federal estate tax. 
(4) 
Whenever the singular number is used, the 
same shall include the plural, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter 
genders. 
B. 
(1) 
The federal and state transfer taxes which my 
Executor shall be obligated to pay pursuant to Paragraph B of Article FIRST shall consist of all 
federal and state estate, inheritance, succession, and similar taxes (including any federal or state 
generation-skipping transfer tax) imposed upon my probate estate or by reason of my death in 
respect to all assets which pass under this Will or the Trust Agreement. Subject to Paragraph 
B(2) of this Article, all federal estate taxes with respect to assets not passing under this Will or 
the Trust Agreement (such assets are referred to as the "Apportionment Assets") and any 
applicable state estate taxes with respect to the Apportionment Assets shall be apportioned 
among all persons interested in the Apportionment Assets. My Executor shall make reasonable 
efforts to collect all federal estate taxes and state estate, inheritance, succession and similar taxes 
allocable to the Apportionment Assets from the recipients of the Apportionment Assets. Without 
changing the apportionment of taxes in this Paragraph B(1), my Executor has discretion, but is 
not required, to pay all or part of such taxes allocable to the Apportionment Assets. To the 
EFTA00811609
--- PAGE 9 ---
Last Will & Testament ofleffrey E. Epstein 
Page 9 of 10 
extent my Executor pays such taxes allocable to the Apportionment Assets, my Executor shall 
seek reimbursement for such taxes from the recipients of the Apportionment Assets. My 
Executor shall not be personally liable for any of such taxes if my Executor is unable, with 
reasonable efforts, to collect payment (or reimbursement) from any recipient of any 
Apportionment Assets for any or all of such taxes allocable to such assets. 
(2) 
My Executor has discretion to direct the 
Trustee of the Trust Agreement to pay all or any portion of the taxes which my Executor is 
directed or obligated to pay pursuant to Paragraph B of Article FIRST and this Paragraph B 
pursuant to a written direction delivered to the Trustee under the Trust Agreement. Any taxes 
which my Executor directs the Trustee under the Trust Agreement to pay shall be allocated and 
paid from the trusts under the Trust Agreement as provided under the Trust Agreement. 
C. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Will, a 
bequest or devise to an individual who does not survive me shall lapse notwithstanding any law 
to the contrary. 
D. 
To the extent that the distribution to the Trustee under the 
Trust Agreement pursuant to Article SECOND shall not be effective, I give all the rest of my 
property, real and personal, wherever situated, after the payments and distributions provided in 
Article FIRST, to the person or persons named as Trustee or Trustees under the Trust 
Agreement, be to held in trust under this Will in accordance with the provisions comprising the 
Trust Agreement at the time of my death, which provisions are incorporated in this Will by 
reference. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have duly executed this Will thisfA4hday of June, 
2017. 
JEFFREY E. EPS 
The foregoing written instrument was, on the date thereof;signed, published 
and declared by the Testator therein named as the Testator's Will in the presence of us and of 
each of us, who, at the Testator's request, in the Testator's presence, and in the presence of 
each other have subscribed our names as witnesses thereto 
LEO 
1_ j<113 s 
residing a 
 residing a 
tafyna Shokak-
EFTA00811610
--- PAGE 10 ---
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 10 of 10 
AFFIDAVIT 
We, 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, Le.O 
and the witnesses, respectively, whose names are 
been sworn, declared to the undersigned officer 
witnesses, signed the instrument as his Will, that he 
presence of the Testator and in the presence of each 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
)ss: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
, and 1;CYLAila Shu I iOV., the Testator 
signed to the -foregoing instrument, having 
that the Testator, in the presence of the 
signed, and that each of the witnesses, in the 
other, signed the Will as a witness. 
Subscribed and sworn to before me by JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, the Testator, who is personally 
known to me or who has produced  
 as identification, and by 
Lc) Ls:X \\en 
 , a witness who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification, and KOCkflOt 
, a witness who is personally known to me or 
who has produced 
as identification, on June Q 
2017. 
Sworn to before me this cle" day of June, 2017. 
akacke aoday 
Notary Public 
HABIBE AVDIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualllisid In Richmond County 
My Commission Expirts Wotan 10. 201$ 
EFTA00811611
--- PAGE 11 ---
AMENDMENT AND 
RESTATEMENT OF THE 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 2017 
TRUST 
THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF THE JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 2017 
TRUST dated June 
, 2017 ("Amendment "), by and among JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, as 
Grantor ("Grantor"), and DARREN K. INDYKE, RICHARD D. KAHN, and TERJE ROD-
LARSEN, as Trustees ("Trustees"). 
Pursuant to Article I, Section 1.3 of that certain Trust Agreement, dated January 30, 2017, 
by and among JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, as Grantor, and DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD 
D. KAHN, as Trustees of The Jeffrey E. Epstein 2017 Trust (the "Trust Agreement"), this 
Amendment hereby amends and restates in its entirety The Jeffrey E. Epstein 2017 Trust, such 
that all of the provisions of the Trust Agreement are superseded by the provisions hereof and 
have no further force or effect. Although EVA ANDERSSON DUBIN was also named as a 
Trustee in the Trust Agreement, EVA ANDERSSON DUBIN never signed the Trust Agreement 
and never became a Trustee thereunder. 
The Grantor hereby pays over, assigns, grants, conveys, transfers and delivers to the 
Trustees the property described in Schedule A annexed hereto and made a part hereof, to be 
administered and disposed of as provided in this Agreement, with any additions, changes, or 
amendments to this Agreement. 
This Trust shall be known as the "The Jeffrey E. Epstein 2017 Trust" 
Article I  
During My Lifetime 
The following provisions shall apply during my lifetime: 
Section 1.1. - Disbursement of Income 
All of the income of the trust (the "Trust Estate") shall be paid to me, or accumulated or 
paid as I may direct in writing from time to time. 
Section 1.2. - Disbursement of Principal 
My Trustees may distribute any part or all of the principal of the Trust Estate to me as I 
may direct in writing from time to time. 
Section 1.3. - Specific Rights Reserved to Me 
A. 
I reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, to amend this 
Agreement, in whole or in part, by a written instrument executed and acknowledged solely by 
me and delivered to no less than one Trustee of this Trust. 
B. 
I reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, in my sole and 
unfettered discretion, to remove any Trustee by delivering to no less than one Trustee of this 
Trust a written instrument executed and acknowledged solely by me. 
EFTA00811612
--- PAGE 12 ---
C. 
I reserve the right, at any time, to revoke this Trust in its entirety or any 
provision hereof by delivering to no less than one Trustee of this Trust a written instrument 
executed and acknowledged solely by me. 
D. 
I reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, to withdraw or 
appoint any part or all of the principal of the Trust Estate by delivering to no less than one 
Trustee of this Trust a written instrument executed and acknowledged solely by me. 
E. 
I reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, to transfer to my 
Trustees, by gift, by Will or by beneficiary designation, such additional property, including life 
insurance policies, as I may desire. Any such additional property shall be held on the same 
terms as are then applicable to the original Trust Estate, except that it may be transferred 
subject to conditions and provisions of special application to such additional property. 
Article II 
After My Death 
The following provisions shall apply after my death: 
Section 2.1. - Payment of My Debts and of Taxes and Expenses 
My Trustee shall pay from the principal of the Trust Estate (a) my debts, funeral and 
burial expenses and the administration expenses of my probate estate which are not paid by the 
Executors of my probate estate, and (b) the federal and state estate, inheritance, succession, 
generation skipping and similar taxes imposed by reason of my death which are the obligations 
of my Trustees (including any of such taxes which the Executors of my probate estate directs 
my Trustees to pay by written direction delivered to my Trustees). For purposes of this Section 
2.1, the principal of the Trust Estate shall not include (a) any assets which are not included in 
my Gross Estate or (b) any assets which are not subject to, or available to creditors for the 
payment of, my debts, my funeral and burial expenses or the administration expenses of my 
probate estate. 
Section 2.2. — Specific Bequests and Devises under My Will and Trust 
If my probate estate is insufficient to satisfy all pecuniary bequests (or bequests payable 
in cash or in kind in the discretion of the Executors of my probate estate) provided in my Will, 
my Trustees shall pay such unpaid bequests from the principal of the Trust Estate. If my Will 
provided for a specific bequest or devise of specified assets and such bequest or devise could 
not be satisfied from my probate estate because such assets were held by my Trustees at my 
death, my Trustees shall distribute such assets to satisfy such bequest or devise. 
To the extent the assets of the Trust are insufficient to satisfy all bequests, I direct my 
Trustees to pay all specific bequests first, and to the extent assets are insufficient to pay all of 
the remaining bequests in Section 2.3(A)(I) through 2.3(A)(1)(21), then the beneficiaries of 
Section 2.3(A)(I) through 2.3(A)(I)(21) shall share on a proportionate basis in the remaining 
estate assets available for distribution. The determination of the Trustees as to the amounts 
distributable herein shall be binding on all parties. 
EFTA00811613
--- PAGE 13 ---
Section 2.3. - Bequests 
A. 
I make the following bequests: 
1. 
to 
, if she survives me, Four Million ail 
at
), plus an annuity to be purchased by my Trustees for the benefit of 
from a reputable fmancial institution in the amoral."' 
•
Dollars 
($10,000,000), which annuity shall be payable monthly for the life of 
lum sum in the amount of the then remaining principal balance payable to the estate o 
upon her death. 
2. 
to 
(A/K/A 
), if she 
survives me, Four Milli nDollars (S4.000,000), plus an annuity to be purchased by my Trustees 
for the benefit of 
from a reputable financial institution in the amount of 
Ten Milli n D 11 
($10,000,000), which annuity shall be payable monthly for the life of 
payable to the estate o 
with a lum 
• 
amount of the then remaining principal balance 
upon her death. 
3. 
to KARYNA SHULIAK, if she survives me, Twenty Million Dollars 
($20,000,000), plus an annuity to be purchased by my Trustees for the benefit of KARYNA 
SHULIAK from a reputable financial institution in the amount of Twenty Million Dollars 
($20,000,000), which annuity shall be payable monthly for the life of KARYNA SHULIAK 
with a lump sum in the amount of the then remaining principal balance payable to the estate of 
KARYNA SHULIAK upon her death. 
4. 
to 
if she survives me, Two Million Ili 
000 000 
lus an annuity to be purchased by my Trustees for the benefit of 
from a reputable financial institution in the amount 
($10,000,000), which annuity shall be payable monthly for the life of 
with a lum sum in t e amount of the then remaining principal balance payable to the estate of 
upon her death. 
5. 
to DARREN KEITH INDYKE, if he survives me, Twenty Million Dollars 
($20,000,000). 
6. 
to MICHELLE FERN SAIPHER, if she is then married to DARREN 
KEITH INDYKE, Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000), which funds shall be distributed and used 
for the sole purpose of repaying FT Real Estate, Inc. the funds it previously paid to KCAC, LLC 
in connection with a real estate purchase contract between FT Real Estate, Inc., as purchaser, 
and KCAC, LLC, as seller, for the purchase of the real property known as and located at 2 Kean 
Court in Livingston, New Jersey, and terminating said real estate purchase contract, it being my 
express desire and intent, as the sole shareholder of FT Real Estate, Inc., that upon my death, FT 
Real Estate, Inc. be directed to cancel and terminate said real estate purchase contract as 
contemplated herein; provided, however, that such distribution shall not be made and such 
termination shall not occur if the transfer of such real property to FT Real Estate, Inc. pursuant 
to such real estate purchase contract has been completed prior to my death. 
7. 
to 
if she survives me, Two Million Dollars 
EFTA00811614
--- PAGE 14 ---
$2 000 000 
us an annuity to be purchased by my Trustees for the benefit of 
from a reputable financial institution in the amount of Four M
D 
which annuity shall be payable monthly for the life of t
with a lump sum in the amount of the then remaining principal balance payable 
upon her death. 
8. 
to 
if she survives me, Two Millio 
000 000 
plus an annuity to be purchased by my Trustees for the benefit of 
($8,000,000), which annuity shall be payable monthly for the life of 
from a reputable financial institution in the amount 
n Dollars 
with a lum sum in the amount of the then remaining principal balance payable to the estate of 
upon her death. 
9. 
to LESLEY KATHERINE GROFF, if she survives me, Two Million 
Dollars ($2,000,000). 
10. 
to LARWRENCE PAUL VISOSKI, JR., if he survives me, Two Million 
Dollars ($2,000,000). 
11. 
to LUCIANO A. FONTANILLA, JR., if he survives me, an annuity to be 
purchased by my Trustees for the benefit of LUCIANO A. FONTANILLA, JR. from a reputable 
financial institution in the amount of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000), which annuity shall be 
payable monthly for the life of LUCIANO A. FONTANILLA, JR. with a lump sum in the 
amount of the then remaining principal balance payable to the then surviving children of 
LUCIANO A. FONTANILLA, JR. and ROSALYN V. FONTANILLA. 
12. 
to LUCIANO A. FONTANILLA, JR., or his heirs, successors and assigns, 
whether or not LUCIANO A. FONTANILLA, JR. surivives me, all of my interest in the 
property, improvements, fixtures, permits and other rights of and pertaining to the real property 
located at, and known and referred to as, 18 Teneyck Avenue, Valley Stream, New York. My 
interest consists of 100% of the issued and outstanding Membership Interests in Lyn & Jojo, 
LLC, a New York limited liability company which holds legal title to said real property, 
improvements, fixtures, permits and other rights, which Membership Interests are held in the 
name of Darren K. Indyke, as nominee for me, and which I direct my Trustees to transfer to 
LUCIANO A. FONTANILLA, JR., or his heirs, successors or assigns. 
13. 
to RICHARD DAVID KAHN, if he survives me, Twenty Million Dollars 
($20,000,000). 
14. 
to ANN RODRIQUEZ, if she survives me, Five Hundred Thousand 
Dollars ($500,000). 
15. 
to VALDSON VIERA CONTRIN, if he survives me, Five Hundred 
Thousand Dollars ($500,000). 
16. 
to 
if she survives me, Two Hundred Fi 
Thousand Dollars ($250,000 
and in addition thereto and whether or not 
survives me, to 
or her heirs, successors or assigns, an 
EFTA00811615
--- PAGE 15 ---
amount a ual to the total outstanding debt, including accrued and unpaid interest thereon, due 
from 
to FT Real Estate, Inc., which amount shall be distributed to 
or her heirs, successors or assigns, for the sole purpose of being used 
to repay all such outstanding debt and accrued but unpaid interest. 
17. 
to MERWIN DELA CRUZ, if he survives me, One Hundred Thousand 
Dollars ($100,000). 
18. 
to BRICE GORDON, if he survives me, Two Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($200,000), but only if BRICE GORDON, whether in his own name or on behalf of a separate 
entity, continues for a period of two years following my death to provide such services as the 
Trustees deem necessary or appropriate in respect of one or more of the real properties 
beneficially owned by me prior to my death. This bequest shall not be distributed to BRICE 
GORDON prior to the expiration of two years following the date of my death. 
19. 
to 
if She survives me, Two Hundred Thousand 
Dollars ($200,000), but only if 
, whether in her own name or on behalf of a 
separate entity, continues for a period of two years following my death to provide such services 
as the Trustees deem necessary or appropriate in respect of one or more of the real pr 
i 
beneficial) owned by me prior to my death. This bequest shall not be distributed to 
prior to the expiration of two years following the date of my death. 
20. 
to BELLA KLEIN, if she survives me, Two Hundred Fifty Thousand 
Dollars ($250,000). 
($500,000). 
21. 
to DAVID ROGERS, if he survives me, Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 
22. 
I forgive any loans which I made to the following individuals or entities: 
a) 
LUCIANO A. FONTANILLA, JR. 
b) 
c) 
(A/K/A 
d) 
(A/K/A 
A/K/A 
e) 
LESLEY KATHERINE GROFF 
LAWRENCE PAUL VISOSKI, JR., both individually and together 
with his wife, EILEEN VISOSKI 
g) 
h) 
i) 
KARYNA SHULIAK 
EFTA00811616
--- PAGE 16 ---
.i) 
k) 
I) 
SLK DESIGNS, LLC 
m) 
JSC INTERIORS, LLC 
23. Upon my death, my Trustees are directed to distribute to DARREN KEITH 
INDYKE, or his heirs, successors or assigns an amount equal to the sum of all financial 
obligations and liabilities then outstanding and due to me, or any corporation, limited liability 
company, trust, or other entity beneficially owned by me immediately prior to my death, 
including, but not limited to, Southern Financial, LLC, a U.S. Virgin Islands limited liability 
company, from DARREN KEITH INDYKE, his spouse, MICHELLE FERN SAIPHER, if she 
is then married to DARREN KEITH INDYKE, and/or any corporation, limited liability 
company, limited partnership, general partnership, trust or other entity beneficially owned by 
one or both of them immediately prior to my death, including, but not limited to, Harlequin 
Dane, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, or its successor entities. Said funds shall be 
distributed to DARREN KEITH INDYKE, or his heirs, successors or assigns, for the sole 
purpose of being used to repay all such outstanding and due obligations and liabilities. 
24. Upon my death, my Trustees are directed to distribute to RICHARD 
DAVID KAHN, or his heirs, successors or assigns an amount equal to the sum of all financial 
obligations and liabilities then outstanding and due to me, or any corporation, limited liability 
company, trust, or other entity beneficially owned by me immediately prior to my death, 
including, but not limited to, Southern Financial, LLC, a U.S. Virgin Islands limited liability 
company, from RICHARD KAHN, his spouse, LISA KAHN, if she is then married to 
RICHARD KAHN, and/or any corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, 
general partnership, trust or other entity beneficially owned by one or both of them 
immediately prior to my death, including, but not limited to, Coatue Enterprises, LLC, a New 
York limited liability company, or its successor entities. Said funds shall be distributed to 
RICHARD KAHN, or his heirs, successors or assigns, for the sole purpose of being used to 
repay all such outstanding and due obligations and liabilities. 
25. Upon my death, my Trustees are directed to distribute to PAUL 
BARRETT, or his heirs, successors or assigns an amount equal to the sum of all financial 
obligations and liabilities then outstanding and due to me, or any corporation, limited liability 
company, trust, or other entity beneficially owned by me immediately prior to my death, from 
PAUL BARRETT, and/or any corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, 
general partnership, trust or other entity beneficially owned by him immediately prior to my 
death. Said funds shall be distributed to PAUL BARRETT, or his heirs, successors or assigns, 
for the sole purpose of being used to repay all such outstanding and due obligations and 
liabilities. 
26. It is my intention that all amounts due and owing to me by the persons 
listed in Article II, Section 2.3.A.22 shall be cancelled upon my death. While at the date of 
execution of this Amendment, the cancellation of said loans will not result in taxable income to 
the beneficiaries, in the event any changes are made to the applicable tax law, my Trustees are 
EFTA00811617
--- PAGE 17 ---
directed to take any and all steps necessary to ensure that the cancellation of such indebtedness 
does not result in any negative tax consequences to the Beneficiaries. 
27. I give to 
, if she survives me, in a separate trust, 
the provisions of which are set forth in Section 3.1 of Article III below, all of my interest in all 
apartments, improvements, fixtures, permits and other rights of and pertaining to the premises 
located in the building known and referred to as 22 Avenue Foch, 75016, Paris, France. The 
interest consists of units 47 with mezzanine, 48 and 81 on the 2nd floor, units 63 and 74 on the 
5th floor and units 5 and 22 (cellars) in the basement. The units are currently all owned by SCI 
JEP, a French company of which I own 999 of the 1 000 outstanding shares. In addition, I give 
to this separate trust for the benefit of 
, if she survives me, the sum of 
One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) to pay for the operating expenses for the said premises. 
Operating expenses shall include, but not be limited to, property insurance, real estate taxes, 
utilities, general maintenance and repairs and commoncharges. 
Section 2.4. - Balance of Trust Estate 
The balance of the Trust Estate, after the distributions provided in Sections 2.1, 2.2 and 
2.3 of this Article II, shall be distributed as follows: 
A. 
One Hundred percent (100%) thereof to 
if 
she survives me, in separate trust, the provisions of which are set forth in Section 3.2 of Article 
III below. 
B. 
If 
does not survive me, one hundred percent 
thereof to EVA ANDERSSON DUBIN, if she survives me. 
C. 
If EVA ANDERSSON DUBIN does not survive me, one hundred 
percent (100%) of the balance of the trust estate shall be transferred to THE BOARD OF 
TRUSTEES OF THE MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (hereinafter 
"the Board"), an educational institution. The property compromising this gift may, for 
investment purposes, be merged with any of the investment assets of the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology ("MIT"), but the gift shall be entered in the books and records of MIT 
as an endowed fund known as "THE JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN FUND" (the "Fund"). The Board 
shall use the endowment payout from the Fund to provide financial aid for graduate and 
undergraduate students attending MIT. In the event MIT is no longer in existence as of the 
date of any required distribution to it, my Trustees are hereby directed to choose among them 
another educational institution to benefit from my Trust. 
Section 2.5. - Condition Applicable to Certain Bequests 
A. 
Except as expressly provided herein, no bequest to any Beneficiary of this 
Agreement who, during my lifetime, was employed by or provided services to me or any entity 
that was owned directly or indirectly by me during my lifetime or HBRK Associates, Inc. or 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC, shall be distributed to said Beneficiary prior to the expiration of two 
years following the date of my death. Any Beneficiary of this Agreement who, during my 
lifetime, was employed by or provided services to me or any entity that was owned directly or 
indirectly by me during my lifetime or HBRK Associates, Inc. or Darren K. Indyke, PLLC, and 
who, after my death, shall voluntarily discontinue, or as a result of said Beneficiary's 
EFTA00811618
--- PAGE 18 ---
misconduct, cause to be terminated, said Beneficiary's employment with or provision of 
services to my estate or any entity or parcel of real property directly or indirectly owned by me 
during my lifetime or HBRK Assoicates, Inc. or Darren K. Indyke, PLLC, prior to the expiration 
of two years following the date of my death, shall be ineligible to receive any bequest 
hereunder; provided, however, that in the event that prior to the expiration of two years 
following the date of my death, there is a cessation in the specific operations of my estate or said 
real property or entity or HBRK Associates, Inc. or Darren K. Indyke, PLLC in respect of which 
said Beneficiary is employed or provides services, and prior to that cessation, said Beneficiary 
had not voluntarily discontinued, or as a result of said Beneficiary's misconduct, caused to be 
terminated, said Beneficiary's employment with or provision of services to my estate or said real 
property or entity or HBRK Associates, Inc. or Darren K. Indyke, PLLC, then my Trustees shall 
distribute the bequest hereunder to said Beneficiary within sixty days following the date of such 
cessation or as soon as is reasonably practicable thereafter. 
B. 
In order to provide for the continued and uninterrupted maintenance and 
operation of the assets in my Trust Estate following my death, my Trustees shall ensure that all 
persons who were employed by, or provided services to, me or any entity directly or indirectly 
owned by me or HBRK Associates, Inc. or Darren K. Indyke, PLLC, shall continue to be so 
employed or to so provide such services for a period of two (2) years following the date of my 
death; provided, however, that my Trustees shall have the right terminate the employment or the 
engagement of any such employees or service providers if and at such times as my Trustees 
determine in their discretion that there is cause for such termination. For purposes of this 
Section 2.5 of this Article II, cause for such termination shall include, without limitation, 
physical or mental incapacity, intentional misconduct, insubordination, breach of duty, 
disloyalty, dishonesty, fraud, embezzlement, theft, abusive or inappropriate workplace behavior, 
substance abuse, criminal misconduct (whether or not pertaining to the assets in the Trust 
Estate), decrease or cessation of the need for employment or services, or any other 
circumstances causing my Trustees to determine there is cause for such termination. The 
obligation of my Trustees to ensure such continued employment or provision of services shall 
include, without limitation, payment for the costs and expenses of all items of compensation, 
remuneration and benefits as shall then be in effect at the then current rates and in the then 
current amounts immediately prior to my death. 
C. 
The provisions of this Section 2.5 of this Article II shall not apply to my 
Trustees so long as they continue to serve as my Trustees hereunder. 
Section 2.6. - Trust Property that is Real Property 
Except for property directed to be held in trust for a Beneficiary pursuant to the provisions 
of Article III, Section 3.1, any trust property, including, without limitation, trust property 
directed to be held in trust for a Beneficiary pursuant to the provisions of Article III, Section 3.2, 
that is real property, including, but not limited to, improvements, fixtures, permits and other 
rights of and pertaining to such real property, held directly by me, or indirectly through 
ownership of shares of capital stock of a corporation of which I was the sole beneficial owner 
prior to my death, shall be sold by my Trustees and the proceeds thereof held in said trust as 
soon as is reasonably practicable following my death. In marketing and effectuating the sale of 
said real property, my Trustees shall be guided as nearly as my Trustees determine in their 
discretion is possible or appropriate under the then prevailing circumstances by my last express 
EFTA00811619
--- PAGE 19 ---
wishes with respect to the sale of said real property, as shall be contained in the last writing 
signed by me and notarized and delivered to at least one of my Trustees prior to my death. 
Article III 
Tract Provisions 
Section 3.1. - Residence Trust 
Any property directed to be held in trust for a Beneficiary pursuant to the provisions of 
this Section 3.1 of Article III shall be administered as follows: 
A. 
The Beneficiary shall have the right to occupy the residence held by the 
trust and to use the tangible personal property located in the residence for her lifetime. 
B. 
My Trustees, in my Trustees' sole discretion, may pay any part or all of 
the income, and if income is insufficient, the principal of the trust (1) to pay the operating 
expenses of the property held by the trust and (2) for any other purpose my Trustees consider 
advisable. Any income not so paid shall annually be added to the principal of the trust. 
C. 
Upon the death of the Beneficiary, my Trustees shall use my Trustees' 
best efforts to sell the trust property and the tangible personal property within two (2) years of 
the Beneficiary's death, and only in extraordinary circumstances should the property not be 
sold within two (2) years of the Beneficiary's death. 
D. 
Upon the death of the Beneficiary, my Trustees shall distribute the 
remaining principal of the trust (i.e., the proceeds from the sale of the trust assets) to EVA 
ANDERSSON DUBIN, if she then survives the Beneficiary. If EVA ANDERSSON DUBIN 
does not survive the Beneficiary, then my Trustees shall distribute the remaining principal to 
the Board of MIT as provided for in Section 2.4.0 of this Agreement. 
Section 3.2. - Residuary Trusts 
Any property directed to be held in trust for a Beneficiary pursuant to the provisions of 
this Section 3.2 of Article III shall be administered as follows: 
A. 
My Trustees may pay any part or all of the income and such sums from 
any part or all of the principal of the trust as my Trustees, in my Trustees' discretion, from 
time to time and at any time, shall determine for any reason whatsoever to, for the benefit of, 
or on behalf of the Beneficiary. Any income not so paid shall annually be added to the 
principal of the trust. 
B. 
Upon the death of the Beneficiary, my Trustees shall distribute the 
remaining principal of the trust to EVA ANDERSSON DUBIN, if she then survives the 
Beneficiary. If EVA ANDERSSON DUBIN does not survive the Beneficiary, then my 
Trustees shall distribute the remaining principal of the trust to the Board of MIT as provided 
for in Section 2.4.0 of this Agreement. 
Article IV 
Trust Termination 
If at any time my Trustees determine that it is uneconomic to continue any trust with 
EFTA00811620
--- PAGE 20 ---
respect to which my Trustees are acting hereunder, my Trustees may terminate such trust and 
distribute the trust assets, in such amounts and proportions as my Trustees may determine, to 
the person or persons to whom income may be distributed, other than my Trustees, members of 
the respective families of my Trustees, the respective estates of my Trustees, the respective 
creditors of my Trustees or the creditors of the respective estates of my Trustees. 
Article V 
Trust Administration 
Section 5.1. - Exercise of Discretionary Powers 
Except as hereinbefore specifically provided, in connection with the exercise of a 
discretionary power to distribute income or principal to any person, there shall be no 
requirement to take into account such person's other income or capital resources, the interest of 
such person in any other fund or the duty of anyone to support such person, although these 
factors may be taken into account. 
Section 5.2. - Discretionary Distributions 
Any discretionary payment from any trust hereunder shall be charged against such trust 
as a whole, and shall not be charged against the individual share of any person at any time. 
Section 5.3. - Allocation of Assets 
A. 
For each distribution, partial distribution, allocation, or division of assets 
into shares or trusts involving a fraction, my Trustees shall apply such fraction to the fair 
market value of the relevant assets on the date of such distribution, allocation, or division, 
whichever first occurs. My Trustees shall appropriately adjust such fractions to reflect the 
effect of any partial distributions, allocations, or divisions, taking into account the fair market 
value as of the date of distribution, allocation, or division, whichever first occurred, of the 
assets so distributed, allocated, or divided. 
B. 
My Trustees shall value any assets distributed, allocated, or divided to 
satisfy (in whole or in part) a pecuniary distribution at the fair market value of such assets on 
the date of such distribution, allocation, or division, whichever first occurs. 
Section 5.4. - Accounting Allocations 
A. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement and except 
as provided in Paragraph B of this Section 5.4, my Trustees shall allocate receipts and 
disbursements in accordance with sound trust accounting principles and have discretion to 
allocate receipts and disbursements when, in the judgment of my Trustees, the treatment is 
uncertain under applicable laws or generally accepted accounting principles. 
B. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, my 
Trustees shall not treat any part of the principal amount of the proceeds of sale of any asset of 
any trust as income distributable to or for the benefit of any beneficiary entitled to distributions 
of income; provided, however, that my Trustees shall treat a portion of any proceeds of sale of 
any financial instrument originally issued or acquired at a discount equal to the amount which 
(I) has previously been characterized as ordinary income for income tax purposes or (2) will be 
EFTA00811621
--- PAGE 21 ---
characterized as ordinary income for income tax purposes in the year of such sale, as income 
for trust accounting purposes. 
Section 5.5. - Spendthrift Provision 
During the term of any trust hereunder, no money or other assets (either principal or 
income) payable or distributable under the provisions of this Agreement shall be pledged, 
assigned, transferred, given, conveyed, hypothecated, sold, anticipated, charged, or 
encumbered by any of the Beneficiaries hereunder, nor shall the income and principal of any 
trust, while in the possession of my Trustees, be liable for any debts, contracts, obligations, or 
undertakings of such Beneficiaries, voluntary or involuntary, or for any claims or judgments 
against any Beneficiary. including claims for alimony or for the support of any Beneficiary's 
spouse or children, or for reimbursement of a federal, state or local government, or any agency 
of any federal, state, or local government, for the support of any Beneficiary hereunder, prior to 
the time such money or assets are actually paid or distributed to such Beneficiary. Any 
attempted pledge, assignment, transfer, gift, conveyance, hypothecation, anticipation, charge, 
or encumbrance of any money or assets (either income or principal) payable or distributable 
under the provisions of this Agreement by any of the Beneficiaries hereunder prior to the time 
such money or assets are actually paid or distributed to such Beneficiary shall be null and void 
and shall not be recognized by my Trustees. This Section 5.5 of Article V shall not apply to 
me. 
Section 5.6. - Limitation on Distributions 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no discretionary distribution of 
income or principal of any trust hereunder shall be applied to pay for medical care, residential 
facilities, or any other care or service that would otherwise be provided for any Beneficiary 
hereunder by any federal, state, or other governmental agency; and no such discretionary 
distribution of income or principal shall be made for reimbursement for any such care, facilities 
or services previously provided. Before making any discretionary payment to or for the benefit 
of any such Beneficiary hereunder, my Trustees shall consider the amounts such Beneficiary is 
or may be entitled to receive from any governmental agency for such care, facilities, or 
services. If such amounts are available, discretionary distributions of income and principal 
from any trust hereunder shall be made only to supplement such amounts, and to provide 
liberally for needs and comforts over and above the basic maintenance, support, and medical 
care that may be paid for by any such agency. 
Section 5.7. - Division and Combination of Trusts 
A. 
For any administrative, tax or other purpose determined by my Trustees 
to be in the best interests of any Beneficiary (including any remainderman) hereunder, my 
Trustees may at any time and from time to time (whether before or after funding), without 
approval of any court, divide any trust under this Agreement into two or more separate trusts or 
combine two or more trusts with substantially identical terms (whether or not such trusts 
resulted from division of a prior trust). 
B. 
If property is directed to be added to any trust hereunder (the "Original 
Trust"), whether by the terms of this Agreement any other agreement, or the Will of any 
person, my Trustees may hold such property as one or more separate trusts on terms identical 
EFTA00811622
--- PAGE 22 ---
to the terms of the Original Trust. My Trustees may allocate such property among the separate 
trusts (if any) into which the Original Trust was divided, whether or not pro-rata, using 
specific assets or undivided interests therein (including allocation of all such property to one of such 
separate trusts). 
C. 
Any time during the existence of separate trusts created by division of a 
trust hereunder, my Trustees may exercise all discretionary powers differently with respect to 
the separate trusts and take all other actions consistent with such trusts being separate entities. 
Furthermore, the holder of any power of appointment with respect to such separate trusts may 
exercise such power differently with respect to each such trust. 
Section 5.8. - Consolidation of Trusts 
If at any time after my death there is in existence a trust under my Will or any trust 
agreement created by me having identical beneficiaries and substantially the same terms as any 
trust under this Agreement, my Trustees may terminate the trust hereunder and transfer the 
assets thereof to the Trustees of such other trust, to be administered by the Trustees thereof. 
Different termination dates under the applicable Rule Against Perpetuities shall not be deemed 
a difference in the terms of such trusts, but the portion of the trust representing the transferred 
assets shall retain the same termination date as the original trust. 
Section 5.9. -Termination of Trusts 
Notwithstanding anything herein, any trust created hereunder for any person shall 
(unless terminated earlier) terminate upon the day preceding the expiration of the maximum 
period permitted under the United States Virgin Islands Rule Against Perpetuities, for the 
vesting of an interest in a trust and upon such date the assets of such trust shall be distributed to 
such person. 
Section 5.10. — Equitable Adjustment 
If any of my Trustees decides to exercise or not exercise any fiduciary power granted 
by this Agreement or by law (including, without limitation, any election available to my 
Trustee) and the exercise or nonexercise of such power confers a benefit on one Beneficiary or 
class of Beneficiaries hereunder and imposes a detriment upon another Beneficiary or class of 
Beneficiaries hereunder, my Trustees shall not attempt to restore the interests of the 
Beneficiaries or classes of Beneficiaries to the position otherwise contemplated by this 
Agreement through adjustment between income and principal or otherwise. 
Section 5.11. - Lapsed Distribution 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, a provision for 
distribution to an individual who is not surviving at the date such individual otherwise becomes 
eligible for such distribution shall lapse notwithstanding any law to the contrary. 
Section 5.12. - Notice 
Any notice required hereunder shall be delivered personally or sent by first class or 
EFTA00811623
--- PAGE 23 ---
certified mail addressed to the last known address of the intended recipient. 
Section 5.13. - Termination of Trust 
An instrument in writing completely revoking this Agreement shall, without more, 
upon delivery to any of my Trustees, completely terminate all of my Trustees' right, title, and 
interest to any life insurance proceeds, death benefits, pension, profit sharing, or other 
retirement benefits or any other assets otherwise payable to my Trustees. 
Article VI Powers of Trustees 
Section 6.1. - Exercise of Judgment and Powers 
The Trustee of a trust hereunder has the entire care and custody of all assets of such 
trust. My Trustees have the power to do everything my Trustees in good faith deem advisable 
without necessity of any judicial authorization or approval, even though but for this power it 
would not be authorized or appropriate for fiduciaries under any statutory or other rule of law. 
My Trustees shall exercise my Trustees' best judgment and discretion for what my Trustees 
believe to be in the best interests of such trust and the Beneficiaries of such trust. If more than 
two Trustees are empowered as my Trustee to participate in the decision to exercise or not 
exercise any fiduciary power granted by this Agreement or by law, a majority of such Trustees 
shall be empowered to make such decision. 
Section 6.2. - Compensation of My Trustee 
Each Trustee acting hereunder shall be entitled to annual compensation for services 
performed hereunder in the amount of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) per 
year, in addition to any bequest to which they may be entitled under this terms of this Trust. 
No other compensation shall be payable to my Trustees hereunder; provided, however, that my 
Trustees shall be reimbursed for all reasonable costs, expenses, charges, and liabilities 
incurred or paid in connection with acting as Trustee or performing services hereunder, 
including, but not limited to, fees and expenses of counsel or any other agents hired by my 
Trustees, and my Trustees shall not be liable therefor individually. My Trustees have 
discretion to pay such compensation and such reimbursements from trust assets, without 
obtaining judicial authorization or approval. 
Section 6.3. - General Investment Powers 
A. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, my Trustees have the 
power with respect to each and every trust created hereunder: 
I. 
To enter upon and take possession of the assets of such trust and collect 
the income and profits from such assets, and to invest and reinvest such assets in real, 
personal, or mixed assets (including the common trust funds of a corporate fiduciary) or in 
undivided interests therein without being limited by any present or future investment laws; 
2. 
To retain all or any part of the assets of such trust (without regard to the 
proportion that any one asset or class of assets may bear to the whole) in the form in which 
l3 
EFTA00811624
--- PAGE 24 ---
such assets were received or acquired by my Trustees; 
3. 
To sell or dispose of, exchange, transfer, invest, or loan all or any part of 
the assets of such trust which my Trustees hold, at any time, for such sums or upon such 
terms as to payment, security, or otherwise as my Trustees determine, either by public or 
private transactions; 
4. To buy and sell options, warrants, puts, calls or other rights to purchase or 
sell (collectively called "options") relating to any security or securities, regardless of 
whether such security or securities are then held by my Trustees, and whether such options 
are purchased or sold on a national securities exchange, and to exercise with respect to such 
options all powers which an individual owner thereof could exercise, including, without 
limitation, the right to allow the same to expire; 
5. With respect to oil, natural gas, minerals, and all other natural resources 
and rights to and interests therein (together with all equipment pertaining thereto) including, 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, oil and gas royalties, leases, or other oil and 
gas interests of any character, whether owned in fce, as lessee, lessor, licensee, 
concessionaire or otherwise, or alone or jointly with others as partner, joint tenant, or joint 
venturer in any other noncorporate manner, (a) to make oil, gas and mineral leases or 
subleases; (b) to pay delay rentals, lease bonuses, royalties, overriding royalties, taxes, 
assessments, and all other charges; (c) to sell, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge or 
otherwise hypothecate any or all of such rights and interests; (d) to surrender or abandon, 
with or without consideration, any or all of such rights and interests; (e) to make farm-out, 
pooling, and unitization agreements; (f) to make reservations or impose conditions on the 
transfer of any such rights or interests; (g) to employ the most advantageous business form 
in which properly to exploit such rights and interests, whether as corporations, partnerships, 
limited partnerships, mining partnerships, joint ventures, co- tenancies, or otherwise exploit 
any and all such rights and interests; (h) to produce, process, sell or exchange all products 
recovered through the exploitation of such rights and interests, and to enter into contracts 
and agreements for or in respect of the installation or operation of absorption, reprocessing 
or other processing plants; (i) to carry any or all such interests in the name or names of a 
nominee or nominees; G) to delegate, to the extent permitted by law, any or all of the powers 
set forth herein to the operator of such property; and (k) to employ personnel, rent office 
space, buy or lease office equipment, contract and pay for geological surveys and studies, 
procure appraisals, and generally to conduct and engage in any and all activities incident to 
the foregoing powers, with full power to borrow and pledge in order to finance such 
activities; together with the power to allocate between principal and income any net 
proceeds received as consideration, whether as royalties or otherwise, for the permanent 
severance from lands of oil, natural gas, minerals, and all other natural resources; 
6. To hold all or any part of the assets of such trust in cash or in bank 
accounts without the necessity of investing the same; of such trust; 
7. To improve, repair, partition, plat, or subdivide all or any part of the assets 
of such trust; 
8. To litigate, defend, compromise, settle, abandon, or submit to mediation 
or arbitration on such terms and conditions as my Trustees determine any claims in favor of 
EFTA00811625
--- PAGE 25 ---
or against such trust or the assets of such trust; 
9. To loan or borrow money in such amounts and upon such terms and 
conditions as my Trustees determine, assume such obligations or give such guarantees as my 
Trustees determine, for the purpose of the acquisition, improvement, protection, retention, or 
preservation of the assets of such trust, or for the benefit of any of the Beneficiaries who are 
entitled or permitted to receive income from such trust; 
10. To create or invest in any entity with all or part of the assets of such trust 
and to carry on for as long and in such manner as my Trustees determine any business 
enterprise held or created by my Trustees or in which I owned any interest at my death, 
either individually or as a partner, joint venturer, stockholder, trust beneficiary, or member; 
to sell such business enterprise as an ongoing business; to consolidate, merge, encumber, 
dissolve, liquidate or undertake any other extraordinary corporate transaction relating to 
such business enterprise; 
11. To vote in person or by proxy any and all stock or securities and to 
become a party to any voting trusts, reorganization, consolidation, or other capital or debt 
readjustment of any corporation, association, partnership, limited liability partnership, 
limited liability company, or individual with respect to stocks, securities, or debts held by 
such trust; 
12. Except as provided in Sections 6.3B, C, and D of this Article VI, to enter 
into any good faith transactions with my Trustees individually or with any corporation, 
partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company, or other entity in which 
any of my Trustees has an ownership interest; 
13. To purchase from my estate any stocks, bonds, securities, real or 
personal property, or other assets, or make loans to my estate even though the same person 
or persons occupy the office of my Trustee and the office of the Executor of my estate; 
14. To lease, mortgage, pledge, grant a security interest in, or otherwise 
encumber all or any part of the assets of such trust for any term of years whether or not 
beyond the term of such trust (including, without limitation, any such action for the benefit 
of any of the Beneficiaries of such trust); 
15. To abandon any property of such trust, real or personal, which my 
Trustees may deem worthless or not of sufficient value to warrant keeping or protecting; to 
abstain from the payment of taxes, water rents or assessments and to forego making repairs, 
maintaining or keeping up any such property; and to permit such property to be lost by tax 
sale or other proceedings or to convey any such property for a nominal consideration or 
without consideration so as to prevent the imposition of any liability by reason of the 
continued ownership thereof; 
16. To elect the mode of distribution of the proceeds from any profit-sharing 
plan, pension plan, employee benefit plan, individual retirement plan, insurance contract, or 
I5 
EFTA00811626
--- PAGE 26 ---
annuity contract pursuant to the terms of such plan or to change to another custodian of such 
plan; 
17. To conduct any audit, assessment, or investigation with respect to any 
asset of such trust regarding compliance with any law or regulation having as its object 
protection of public health, natural resources, or the environment (referred to as 
"Environmental Laws"); to pay from the assets of such trust to remedy any failure to 
comply with any Environmental Law (even to the exhaustion of all of the assets of such 
trust); and, as may be required in my Trustee's judgment by any Environmental Law, to 
notify any governmental authority of any past, present, or future non-compliance with any 
Environmental Law; and 
IS. To refuse to accept any asset distributable to suchtrust. 
B. 
No Trustee shall directly or indirectly buy or sell any property for the 
trust from or to himself, or from or to his relative, employer, employee, partner or other 
business associate. 
C. 
No Trustee shall as trustee of one trust sell property to himself as trustee 
of another trust. 
D. 
No Trustee shall lend trust funds to himself, or to his relative, employer, 
employee, partner, or other business associate. 
Section 6.4. - Administrative Powers 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, my Trustees have the power with 
respect to each trust: 
A. 
To employ agents, attorneys-at-law, consultants, investment advisers (to 
whom my Trustees have discretion to delegate my Trustees' investment authority and 
responsibility), other trustees and other fiduciaries in the administration of my Trustees' duties, 
to delegate to such persons, or to one or more of my Trustees, the custody, control, or 
management of any part of the assets of such trust as my Trustees determine and to pay for 
such services from the assets of such trust, without obtaining judicial authorization orapproval; 
B. 
To delegate, in whole or in part, to any person or persons the authority 
and power to (1) sign checks, drafts or orders for the payment or withdrawal of funds, 
securities and other assets from any bank, brokerage, custody or other account in which funds, 
securities or other assets of such trust shall be deposited, (2) endorse for sale, transfer or 
delivery, or sell, transfer or deliver, or purchase or otherwise acquire, any and all property, 
stocks, stock warrants, stock rights, options, bonds or other securities whatsoever, (3) gain 
access to any safe deposit box or boxes in which assets of such trust may be located or which 
may be in the name of any of my Trustees and remove part or all of the contents of any such 
safe deposit box or boxes and release and surrender the same, and (4) take any other action that 
my Trustee may have the power to take with respect to such trust and the property thereof; no 
person or corporation acting in reliance on any such delegation shall be charged with notice of 
any revocation or change of such delegation unless such person or corporation receives actual 
notice thereof; 
EFTA00811627
--- PAGE 27 ---
C. 
To pay any property distributable to a Beneficiary under a legal 
disability or who has not attained the age of 21, without liability to my Trustees, by paying 
such property (1) to such Beneficiary, (2) for the use of such Beneficiary, (3) to a legal 
representative of such Beneficiary appointed by a court or if none, to a relative for the use of 
such Beneficiary, or (4) to a custodian for such Beneficiary designated by my Trustees, to 
hold until age 21 or such earlier age as shall be the maximum permitted under applicable law; 
D. 
To divide such trust into subsidiary accounts if my Trustees determine 
that such division is necessary to maintain fair and accurate records; 
E. 
To permit the Beneficiary of such trust to use, possess, and enjoy real 
property, tangible personal property, or club memberships held by such trust; 
F. 
To distribute to such trust or any of the Beneficiaries of such trust in 
kind or in cash, or partly in kind and partly in cash, and to allocate different kinds or 
disproportionate shares of assets or undivided interests in assets among all of such trusts or all 
of such Beneficiaries; 
G. 
In making the division into one or more trusts hereunder (if such trusts 
have the same Trustees), to keep the assets of such trusts invested and handled as a single fund 
without actual division and to designate such trusts on my Trustees' books as owning a 
designated undivided interest in such fund; 
H. 
To have evidence of ownership of any security maintained in the 
records of a Federal Reserve Bank under the Federal Reserve Book Entry System; to deposit 
funds in any bank or trust company; to carry in the name of any of my Trustees or the nominee 
or nominees of the Trustees and with or without designation of fiduciary capacity, or to hold in 
bearer form, securities or other property requiring or permitting of registration; and to cause 
any securities to be held by a depository corporation of which a Trustee is a member or by an 
agent under a safekeeping contract; provided, however, that the books and records of my 
Trustees shall at all times show that such investments are part of such trust; 
I. 
To register or not register such trust with the probate division of the 
Superior Court of the United States Virgin Islands or otherwise and to make all decisions 
which relate thereto; 
J. 
To give any Beneficiary of any trust hereunder a general power of 
appointment exercisable in such Beneficiary's Will over all or part of such trust, subject to any 
terms and conditions as my Trustees determine, by written notice to such Beneficiary; to 
eliminate any such power of appointment by written notice to the Beneficiary; and to 
irrevocably release the power under this paragraph to give a power of appointment or to 
eliminate a power of appointment; 
K. 
To renounce and disclaim, in whole or in part, and in accordance with 
applicable law, any assets, interests, rights, or powers (including any power of appointment) 
which are payable to (or exercisable by) such trust or over which my Trustees have any right, 
title, interest, or power; and 
EFTA00811628
--- PAGE 28 ---
L. 
To make, execute, and deliver any and all such instruments in writing as 
shall be necessary or proper to carry out any power, right, duty, or obligation of my Trustees 
or any disposition whatsoever of such trust or any asset of such trust and to exercise any and 
all other powers incidental or necessary to carry out or to fulfill the terms, provisions and 
purposes of such trust. 
Section 6.5. - Restrictions on Exercise of My Trustee's Powers 
A. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, a 
Trustee shall not participate in a discretionary decision to exercise or not exercise any 
fiduciary power to (1) distribute income from or principal of any trust hereunder to himself or 
herself; or (2) distribute income from or principal of any trust hereunder for the health, 
support, maintenance or education of a Beneficiary if such Trustee has a legal obligation to 
provide for the health, support, maintenance or education of such Beneficiary from such 
Trustee's personal assets. For purposes of this paragraph, a person whose interest in a trust 
hereunder is limited to a remote contingent interest (for example, a contingent remainderman 
whose interest depends upon another person failing to survive to a specified age or a person 
designated to receive assets only in the event a power of appointment is not exercised) shall 
not be treated as a person who is or may be a Beneficiary of such trust. 
B. 
A Trustee of any trust hereunder may by a written notice delivered to 
the other Trustee (or Trustees) of such trust decline to participate in the decision to exercise or 
not exercise any fiduciary power granted by this Agreement or by law. 
C. 
If a Trustee of any trust hereunder is not empowered (because of a 
conflict of interest, declination to act or otherwise) to participate in the decision to exercise or 
not exercise any fiduciary power granted by this Agreement or by law, then the remaining 
Trustee or Trustees of such trust shall be empowered to make such decision. If no Trustee or 
successor Trustee is empowered to participate in such decision, my Trustees may designate a 
substitute Trustee to serve as Trustee of such trust who shall be empowered to make such 
decision but has no other power or authority of the Trustees. Such designation shall be by 
written notice delivered to such substitute Trustee. 
Article VII Provisions Concerning Trustees 
Section 7.1. - Successor Trustees 
In the event a Trustee resigns, is removed, becomes incapacitated or is unwilling or is 
unable to serve, EVA ANDERSSON DUBIN shall be appointed the successor trustee. In the 
event that any other original Trustee or any successor or additional Trustee resigns, is 
removed, becomes incapacitated, or is unwilling or is unable to serve, KATHRYN 
RUEMMLER shall first be appointed to fill any vacancy of such original, successor or 
additional Trustee, and thereafter STEPHEN HANSON shall next be appointed to fill any 
vacancy of such original, successor or additional Trustee, such that the total number of 
Trustees acting on behalf of the Trust at all times shall be three. 
Section 7.2. - Appointment of Trustee 
EFTA00811629
--- PAGE 29 ---
The appointment of a successor Trustee hereunder shall become effective when such 
successor Trustee signs an acceptance of the trust. 
Section 7.3. - Resignation of Trustees 
Any Trustee may resign at any time, without the approval of any court, by an 
instrument in writing filed with the trust records. In addition, if there is filed with the trust 
records a written certification from any attending physician of any individual Trustee of a trust 
that he or she is no longer able to make decisions with respect to such trust, then from the date 
of filing of such certification, such individual Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned for all 
purposes of this Agreement. 
Section 7.4. - Vacancy in Office 
If there is a vacancy in the Trustees and no successor Trustee is designated pursuant to 
Section 7.1 who is willing to act, the legally competent adult Beneficiary (or a majority in 
beneficial interest of the legally competent adult Beneficiaries if there are multiple 
Beneficiaries) then entitled or permitted to receive income from such trust shall designate a 
successor Trustee by an instrument in writing delivered to the designated Trustee. if the legally 
competent adult Beneficiaries do not designate a successor Trustee within sixty days after 
receipt of notice of such vacancy or if there is no legally competent adult Beneficiary of such 
trust, my Trustees shall designate a successor Trustee by written notice delivered to the 
designated Trustee and each adult beneficiary then entitled or permitted to receive income from 
such trust. If no successor Trustee is designated pursuant to this Section 7.4, then a successor 
Trustee shall be named by order of a court of competent jurisdiction. All of the fees and 
expenses of my Trustees (including attorneys' fees) attributable to the appointment of a 
successor Trustee of a trust shall be paid from the assets of such trust. 
Section 7.5. - Elimination of Bond 
No bond or other security shall be required of any Trustee hereunder in any jurisdiction. 
Section 7.6. - Exculpation and Indemnification of My Trustee 
No one serving as the Trustee of any trust under this Agreement shall be accountable or 
responsible to any person interested in any trust hereunder for the manner in which my 
Trustees shall in good faith exercise any discretionary authority or any power of my Trustees. 
No one serving as the Trustee of any trust under this Agreement shall be liable for any loss or 
depreciation in value occasioned by reason of any negligence, error or mistake of judgment in 
entering into any transaction, in making any sale or investment, in continuing to hold any 
property, or by reason of any action or omission, whether by my Trustees or any other 
fiduciary, unless such Trustee has acted in bad faith. In the absence of proof by affirmative 
evidence to the contrary, each Trustee shall be deemed to have acted within the scope of my 
Trustees' authority, to have exercised reasonable care, diligence, and prudence and to have 
acted impartially as to all interested persons. A Trustee shall not be liable for the acts or 
defaults of another Trustee. 
In the event a legal action is brought against any individual serving as the Trustee of 
EFTA00811630
--- PAGE 30 ---
any trust under this Agreement, all legal fees and related expenses incurred in connection with 
the defense of such legal action shall be paid by such trust without court authorization; 
provided, however, that (a) no such payment shall (or shall continue to) be made if a court 
enters an order prohibiting such payment, and (b) such Trustee shall refund to the trust any 
such payments that previously had been made if a court enters an order directing that such 
payments be refunded, or if a court concludes that such Trustee acted in bad faith. 
Section 7.7. - Relief from Virgin Islands Statutory Provisions 
Pursuant to Section 1212, Title 15, of the Virgin Islands Code, I hereby relieve my 
Trustees and any Successor Trustees of the requirements imposed by Chapter 59, Title 15 of 
the Virgin Islands Code, or any similar successor law respecting public filings of inventories 
and accountings by Trustees. Furthermore, pursuant to Section 1107, Title 15, of the Virgin 
Islands Code, I hereby relieve the my Trustees and any Successor Trustees, to the extent 
allowable, from any all duties, restrictions, and liabilities which would otherwise be imposed 
upon my Trustees by Chapter 57, Title 15, Virgin Islands Code. This Section 7.7 shall not be 
deemed a waiver of any and all other rights, powers, or restrictions otherwise granted to my 
Trustees in this Agreement. 
Article VIII 
Miscellaneous Provisions 
Section 8.1. - Representation of Person Under a Disability 
To the extent allowed by law, where a party to any proceeding with respect to any trust 
hereunder has the same interest as a person under a disability, legal process shall not be 
required on the person under a disability. 
Section 8.2. - Simultaneous Deaths 
If a Beneficiary under this Agreement and I die simultaneously or under such 
circumstances that it is difficult to determine who died first, then for all purposes of this 
Agreement such Beneficiary shall be deemed to have predeceased me. 
Section 8.3. - Law Governing 
This Agreement and each trust created by it shall in all respects and for all purposes be 
governed and regulated by the laws of the Territory of the United States Virgin Islands, as they 
now exist and may from time to time be enacted, amended, or repealed. All questions regarding 
the validity, construction and administration of this Agreement, or any of its provisions, and of 
any trust created by it shall be determined solely by the laws of that Territory. The courts of the 
State of Delaware and the U.S. Virgin Islands shall have primary supervision over the 
administration of each trust created by this Agreement. It is intended that each such trust shall 
be a U.S. domestic trust as defined in Title 26 section 7701(a)(30) of the Code by virtue of 
meeting the court and control test. As provided in Treas. Reg. section 301.7701-
7(c)(4)(D), if both a United States court and a foreign court are able to exercise primary 
supervision over the administration of the trust, the trust meets the court test. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, my Trustees of each trust 
EFTA00811631
--- PAGE 31 ---
created under this Agreement have discretion at any time or times following my death to 
transfer the situs of such trust to such other country, or such other jurisdiction as my Trustees 
determine, without obtaining judicial authorization or approval (unless such judicial 
authorization or approval is required by applicable law) and without the filing of any bond. My 
Trustees' determination to transfer the situs of any trust under this Agreement shall be 
evidenced by an instrument in writing signed, witnessed and acknowledged by my Trustees in 
the same manner as would be required for a deed. My Trustees are authorized to take whatever 
actions are necessary to effect such a transfer of situs. If judicial authorization or approval is 
required to effect such a transfer of situs, I intend and desire that the appropriate court accept 
the determination of my Trustees concerning the transfer of the situs of such trust even if one 
or more Beneficiaries disagree with such determination. From and after my Trustees' transfer 
of the situs of a trust pursuant to this Section 8.3 of Article VIII, the administration of such 
trust shall be governed by the law of the new situs of such trust. 
Section 8.4. - Definition of Terms 
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, as used in this Agreement, 
A. 
The term "Trustee" means all persons or entities who occupy the office 
of Trustee of any trust hereunder while such persons or entities occupy such office, whether 
one or more persons or entities occupy the office of Trustee at the same time or times, and 
includes any successor Trustee or Trustees. The term "Executor" of a person's estate means all 
persons or entities who occupy the office of personal representative, administrator, executor, or 
ancillary administrator while such persons or entities occupy such office, whether one or more 
persons or entities occupy such office at the same time or times, and includes any successor or 
successors to that office. A reference to a person's Will means such person's Last Will and 
Testament and any Codicil or Codicils thereto. 
B. 
A reference to any tax also includes any interest or penalties thereon. 
The term "my Gross Estate" means my gross estate as finally determined for purposes of 
computing my federal estate tax. 
C. 
Whenever the singular number is used, the same shall include the plural, 
and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders. 
Section 8.5. - No Contest 
If any Beneficiary under this Agreement shall in any way directly or indirectly (a) 
contest or object to the probate of my Will or to the validity of any disposition or provision of 
my Will 
or of this Agreement or (b) institute or prosecute, or be in any way directly or 
indirectly instrumental in the institution or prosecution of, any action, proceeding, contest, 
objection or claim for the purpose of setting aside or invalidating my Will or this Agreement or 
any disposition therein or herein or provision thereof or hereof, then I direct that (aa) any and 
all provisions in this Agreement for such Beneficiary and his issue in any degree shall be null 
and void and (bb) my estate whether passing under my Will or this Agreement or pursuant to 
the laws of intestacy shall be disposed of as if such Beneficiary and his issue in any degree had 
all failed to survive me. 
EFTA00811632
--- PAGE 32 ---
Section 8.6. -Trustee Notice 
My Trustees may have duties and responsibilities in addition to those described in this 
Agreement. If my Trustees have questions, my Trustees should obtain legal advice. 
CONCLUSION 
I have duly executed this Amended and Restated Trust Agreement on the date set opposite 
my signature. 
Je 
y E. Epstei 
ra or 
Darren K. Indyke, Trustee 
Richard D. Kahn, Trustee 
Terje Rod-Larsen, Trustee 
Date 
Date 
Date 
Date 
EFTA00811633
--- PAGE 33 ---
Section 8.6. -Trustee Notice 
My Trustees may have duties and responsibilities in addition to those described in this 
Agreement. If my Trustees have questions, my Trustees should obtain legal advice. 
CONCLUSION 
I have duly executed this Amended and Restated Trust Agreement on the date set opposite 
my sign: 
Je 
E. Epstein, 
Darren K. Indyke, Trustee 
Richard D. Kahn, Trustee 
Date  co la in 
Date  (40 las In 
 Date  (40)39117 
Terje Rod-Larsen, Trustee 
Date 
EFTA00811634
--- PAGE 34 ---
Section 8.6. -Trustee Notice 
My Trustees may have duties and responsibilities in addition to those described in this 
Agreement. If my Trustees have questions, my Trustees should obtain legal advice. 
CONCLUSION 
I have duly executed this Amended and Restated Trust Agreement on the date set opposite 
my signature. 
Richard D. Kahn, Trustee 
Terje Rod-Larsen, Trustee 
Date _Qat 
Date  (4009 in 
Date  (4 tag b 
Date 
EFTA00811635
--- PAGE 35 ---
Section 8.6. -Trustee Notice 
My Trustees may have duties and responsibilities in addition to those described in this 
Agreement. If my Trustees have questions, my Trustees should obtain legal advice. 
CONCLUSION 
I have duly executed this Amended and Restated Trust Agreement on the date set opposite 
my signature. 
Richard D. Kahn, Trustee 
Terje Rod-Larsen, Tnistee 
Date 
Date 
Date 
Date 
EFTA00811636
--- PAGE 36 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
)ss: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of June, 2017 by JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, the Grantor, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
s„± 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
aiabb 
Notary Public 
NAME AVOIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified In Richmond County 
My Commission Expires October 14. 2015 
EFTA00811637
--- PAGE 37 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
rrel-V1
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me thiso.fri day of June, 2017, by 
DARREN K. INDYKE, a Trustee, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
 as identification. 
Sworn 
a
lh
to 
before 
me 
this 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
aulcu
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
) 
HABIBE AVDIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. DIAV6313116 
Qualified In Richmond County 
My Commission Expiros October 14. 2018 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this Qv 
 day of June, 2017, by 
RICHARD D. KAHN, a Trustee, who is personally known to inc or who has produced 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
OXI411 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
cfrialodle atha 
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
) 
HABIBE AVDIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified In Richmond County 
My Commission holies October 14. 2018 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of 
2017, by 
TERJE ROD-LARSEN a Trustee, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
day 
of 
, 
2017. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00811638
--- PAGE 38 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) ss: 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this/Way of June, 2017 by JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, the Grantor, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
be actiat 
Notary Public 
HABIBE AVDIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified in Richmond County 
My Commission Expires October II. 2018 
EFTA00811639
--- PAGE 39 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
)ss: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me thi 
-illy of June, 2017, by 
DARREN K. INDYKE, a Trustee, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
c.a-tikl 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
Obietbi 
tiolai 
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
)ss: 
IMBIBE AVDIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified In Richmond County 
My Commission Expires October 14. 2018 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me thisc7-1 1kly of June, 2017, by 
RICHARD D. KAHN, a Trustee, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
an ih 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
csiohtilcv thdta 
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
)ss: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
IMBIBE AVM 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified In Richmond County 
My Commission Expires October 14. 2011 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of 
2017, by 
TERJE ROD-LARSEN a Trustee, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
day 
of 
, 
2017. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00811640
--- PAGE 40 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) ss: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me thiagy of June, 2017 by JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, the Grantor, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
S It 
to 
before 
me 
this 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
Okihthe 
an6a 
Notary Public 
NAME AVDIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified In Richmond County 
My Commission Expires October 11, 2016 
EFTA00811641
--- PAGE 41 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
) 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and s 
DARREN K. TNDYKE, a Trustee, who is 
 as identification. 
to 
before 
me 
this 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
Sworn 
Cathhi audw 
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
) 
.-n-i 
worn to before me this 
day of June, 2017, by 
personally known to me or who has produced 
IMBIBE AVOIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified in Richmond County 
My Commission Expires October 14. 2018 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me thisc-ai day of June, 2017, by 
RICHARD D. KAHN, a Trustee, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
before 
me 
this 
cai -h 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
Sworn 
to 
CVOM9A2 
(/J 
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
) 
IMBIBE AVOW 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified In Richmond County 
My Commission Expires October 14. 2018 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of 
2017, by 
TERJE ROD-LARSEN a Trustee, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
day 
of 
, 
2017. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00811642
--- PAGE 42 ---
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) ss: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
rritin 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me thison day of June, 2017 by JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, the Grantor, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
Swop 
to 
before 
me 
this 
cj.Wiln 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
NAME AVOIU 
NOTARY PIJILIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. OlAY6313116 
Qualified in Richmond County 
wy COMmbilOn EXpiref <MOW II. 2018 
EFTA00811643
--- PAGE 43 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
) 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this 
lclay of June, 2017, by 
DARREN K. INDYKE, a Trustee, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
c..‘72141 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
C2Vigh,th lulu( 
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sw 
RICHARD D. KAHN, a Trustee, who is 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
c..D. 44" 
day 
of 
June, 
2017. 
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss: 
) 
IMBIBE AVDIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified in Richmond County 
My Commlulon Expires October 14. 2018 
orn to before me thisj—i • day of June, 2017, by 
personally known to me or who has produced 
NAME AVDIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified In Richmond County 
My Commission Expires October 14. 2018 
The foregoing instrument was subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of 
TERJE ROD-LARSEN a Trustee, who is personally known to me or who 
as identification. 
Sworn 
to 
before 
me 
this 
day 
of 
2017. 
Notary Public 
2017, by 
has produced 
EFTA00811644

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811645.pdf
----------------------------------------
Barclaycard 
S. Box 8828 
Wilmington, DE 1989%8828 
M1 ha I 6 I Pub 
FP 01 059281 12401 8 14 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
9E 71 TU ST 
NEN YORK NY 10021 
A 
borcloycard 
III iii111I••1II111I'III'•IIII..11.11•11'•I1i11nIII••III11ii•'IL
Application: 64677782 
24-NOV-2017 
Regarding Your Application for the Barclaycard Visa® with Apple Rewards 
Dear JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Thank you for your recent application for the Barclaycard Credit Card. 
We have reviewed your application and determined that w: 
you fora 
Barclaycard creditiarcLaccourittorthe- ollowing reason(s): 
to income ratio too high 
Con 
Re orti • 
Information 
The consumer reporting agency that provided information that influenced our decision in whole or in 
part was: 
TRANS UNION 
P.O. Box 1000 
CHESTER, PA 19022-1000 
800-888-4213 
The reporting agency played no part in our decision and is unable to supply specific reasons why we 
have taken this action. You have a right under the Fair Credit Reporting Act to know the information 
contained in your credit file at the consumer reporting agency. You also have a right to a free copy of 
your report from the reporting agency, if you request it no later than 60 days after you receive this 
notice. In addition, if you find that any information contained in the report you receive is inaccurate 
or incomplete, you have the right to dispute the matter with the reporting agency. 
Credit Score Information 
We also obtained your credit score from this consumer reporting agency and used it in making our 
credit decision. Your credit score is a number that reflects the information in your credit report Your 
credit score can change, depending on how the information in your credit report changes. 
Your credit scor1
Date: 11/24/2017 
Scores range from a low of 300 to a high of 850. 
Key factors that adversely affected your credit score: 
The Barclaycard Credit Card is issued by Barclays Bank Delaware, P.O. Box 8801, Wilmington DE 19801. 
EFTA00811645
--- PAGE 2 ---
Application: 64677782 
24-NOV-2017 
- Lack of recent installment loan information 
- Too many accounts with balances 
- Amount owed on revolving accounts is too high 
- Proportion of balances to credit limits on bank revolving or other rev accounts is too high 
In addition to the factors above, the number of inquiries on your file has also affected your score. 
We regret not being able to meet your credit needs at this time, and we look forward to the potential 
opportunity to assist you in the future. If you have any questions regarding this letter, please contact 
us at 
Card Services 
P.O. Box 8828 
Wilmington, DE 19899-8828 
Toll-Free Phone: 1-866-408-4064 
Hours: 24 hours a day 7 days a week. 
Sincerely, 
Barclaycard 
NOTICE: The Federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of 
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age (provided the applicant has the capacity to enter into a binding 
contract); because all or part of the applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the applicant has in 
good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. The federal agency that administers compliance with this 
law concerning Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard) is the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, 1700 G Street NW., 
Washington, DC 20006. 
The Barclaycard Credit Card is issued by Barclays Bank Delaware, P.O. Box 8801, Wilmington DE 19801. 
EFTA00811646

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811647.pdf
----------------------------------------
01/02/2018 8:04 AM 
Compounding Period: 
Monthly 
Nominal Annual Rate: 
10.000% 
Cash Flow Data - Loans and Payments 
Event 
Date 
Loan 
12/07/2017 
Payment 
12/20/2017 
Payment 
01/02/2018 
Amount I Number I Period I End Date 
206,727.90 
TValue Amortization Schedule - Normal, 365 Day Year 
Date 
Payment 
I Interest 
Principal 
Balance 
Loan 12/07/2017 
206,727.90 
12/20/2017 
50,000.00 
736.29 
49,263.71 
157,464.19 
2017 Totals 
50,000.00 
736.29 
49,263.71 
01/02/2018 
158,025.02 
560.83 
157,464.19 
0.00 
2018 Totals 
158,025.02 
560.83 
157,464.19 
Grand Totals 
208,025.02 
1,297.12 
206,727.90 
ANNUAL 
FINANCE 
Amount Financed 
Total of Payments 
PERCENTAGE 
CHARGE 
RATE 
The amount of credit 
The amount you will 
The dollar amount the 
provided to you or on 
have paid after you 
The cost of your credit 
as a yearly rate. 
credit will cost you. 
your behalf. 
have made all 
payments as 
scheduled. 
10.000% 
$1,297.12 
$206,727.90 
$208,025.02 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00811647
--- PAGE 2 ---
01/02/2018 7:56 AM 
Compounding Period: 
Monthly 
Nominal Annual Rate: 
5.000% 
Cash Flow Data - Loans and Payments 
Event 
I Date 
I Amount I Number I Period I End Date 
Loan 
12/08/2016 
75,000.00 
Loan 
06/21/2017 
125,000.00 
Payment 
12/07/2017 
206,727.90 
TValue Amortization Schedule - Normal, 365 Day Year 
Date 
Loan 
I 
Payment 
Interest I 
Principal 
Balance 
Loan 12/08/2016 
75,000.00 
75,000.00 
2016 Totals 
75,000.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Loan 06/21/2017 
125,000.00 
2,031.58 
-2,031.58 
202,031.58 
12/07/2017 
206,727.90 
4,696.32 
202,031.58 
0.00 
2017 Totals 
125,000.00 
206,727.90 
6,727.90 
200,000.00 
Grand Totals 
200,000.00 
206,727.90 
6,727.90 
200,000.00 
ANNUAL 
FINANCE 
Amount Financed 
Total of Payments 
PERCENTAGE 
CHARGE 
RATE 
The amount of credit 
The amount you will 
The dollar amount the 
Provided to you or on 
have paid after you 
The cost of your credit 
as a yearly rate. 
credit will cost you. 
your behalf. 
have made all 
payments as 
scheduled. 
4.980% 
$6,727.90 
$200,000.00 
$206,727.90 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00811648

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811649.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
12/31/2017 
EFTA00811649
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - DECEMBER 31, 2017 
11/30/17 
12/31/17 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
121,090,909 
119,111,263 
(1,979,646) 
Fixed Income 
84,962,692 
81,548,416 
(3,414,276) 
Equities 
91,329,982 
94,570,326 
3,240,344 
Equity ETF's 
6,427,720 
6,444,920 
17,200 
Options 
5,395,568 
5,280,333 
(115,235) 
Hedge Funds 
76,886,666 
78,522,866 
1,636,200 
Investments 
50,702,680 
50,702,680 
-
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
23,375,000 
23,375,000 
-
Loans Receivable 
12,740,708 
12,790,708 
50,000 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
21,149,417 
21,149,417 
-
Loan Payable - BJAV 
(30,500.000) 
(30,500,000) 
-
Total Assets 
463,561,342 
462,995,928 
-565,414 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
DB - Sold 314,000 Apple @ 169 5469 
53,231,447 
DB - Sold 2,000,000 Nationwide Society 6.875% 
2,799,247 
TD - Sold 20,000 Brunswick Corp @ 56.10 
1,122,000 
AYH Distribution 
1,000,000 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions - per brokerage stmts 
575,348 
TD - Sold 3,300 Cavco Industries Inc @ 147.75 
487,575 
ML - Sold 1,000 Teva Preferred @ 330.087 
330,080 
IB - Sold 10,000 XLF @ 27.86 
278,600 
TD - Sold 50,500 Ascena Retail Group Inc. @ 2.36 
119,180 
Nick Ribis Loan Repayment 
50,000 
LSJ - Jimmy prepayment 
(60,000) 
LSJ - Lull 
(65,250) 
Gratitude America - MIT Neri Oxman 25k Moskowitz 50K 
(75,000) 
JEGE LLC - 6 months Rolls Royce Engine Corporate Care 
(93,404) 
SFL LLC Loan - Lesley Groff 
(100,000) 
DB - Bought 150,200 Dongfang Electric Corp 
(127,069) 
Plan D LLC - 6 months Rolls Royce Engine Corporate Care 
(145,020) 
DB - Bought 24,800 HSBC Holdings PLC 
(246,105) 
EFTA00811650
--- PAGE 3 ---
DB - Bought 228,000 Weichai Power Co 
(246,611) 
DB - Bought 6,300 Nabtesco Corp 
(247,324) 
DB - Bought 144,000 Nine Dragons Paper Ho 
(248,025) 
DB - Bought 224,000 China Communications 
(248,728) 
DB - Bought 512,000 Bank of China Ltd 
(248,967) 
DB - Bought 52,500 Anhui Conch Cement 
(249,073) 
DB - Bought 70,600 ZTE Corp 
(249,835) 
DB - Bought 710,000 Lonking Holdings Ltd 
(253,693) 
DB - Bought 43,400 Zhuzhou CRRC Times 
(253,976) 
Legal - Link 
(257,198) 
DB - Bought 900 SPY 270 Calls @ 2.89 
(262,806) 
Legal - Gunster Yoakley and Stewart 
(275,000) 
Miscellaneous 
(323,630) 
DB - Bought 30,000 AMD @ 13.00 
(390,000) 
DB - Bought 2,000 Naspers Ltd 
(515,466) 
ML - Bought 10,000 Tencent Holdings @ 52.05 
(520,900) 
ML - Bought 1,000 Allergen @ 634.40 
(634,400) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,300,000) 
Haze - Bought 1,000 Google @ 1,014.015 
(1,014,015) 
DB - Bought 314,000 Apple @ 169.7941 
(53,321,627) 
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
(1,979,646) 
EFTA00811651
--- PAGE 4 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
Interactive 
TD 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
EttiP Paribas 
Fargo 
Stanley 
Merrill 
Braun i Amerltrid• 
Totals 
Cash 
Haze Trust 
56,338,148 
56,338,148 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
16,694,496 
503,210 
299.452 
21.645.286 1,260,8031 
40,403,047 
Southern Financial LLC 
9,893,685 
2,363,572 
12,257,257 
Gratitude AMMO. Ltd. 
2,596.030 
221,430 
594.625 
3.412.085 
JEE 
2.402,089 
59,906 
143,647 
2,605.642 
Jeepers Inc. 
1,522,838 
7.737 
1,530.575 
LSJE LLC 
200,443 
315,636 
45,146 
561.225 
Southern Country International LTD 
438,684 
435.684 
JEGE LLC 
415.319 
415,319 
Zom, Management LLC 
245.850 
245.850 
Plan D LW 
239,246 
239,246 
Thomas World Air LLC 
132,274 
132,274 
Neptune LLC 
104.949 
104,949 
NES LLC 
95.738 
95.738 
Hyperion Air LLC 
51,300 
51,300 
FT Real Estate 
42.149 
42,149 
Laurel Inc 
129 
37,129 
35,422 
Enhanced Education 
24,960 
16,462' 
Cypress Inc. 
29,736 
29736 
26,427 
JEE - Pans (US 6) 
28,421 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
812 
22612 
22.736 
Mk:hellos Transportation Co LW 
22:736 
Maple Inc 
18281 
1881 
Nautilus Inc. 
14,367 
14.387 
JEGE Inc. 
9,790 
9,790 
Great St Am LLC 
ow 
8,817 
LSJ LLC 
6,150 
6,150 
Mon Inc 
4,853 
4.853 
FSF LLC 
637 
637 
no Company LLC 
390 
390 
The JEE Life Ins Tnssl 13 
206 
206 
Butterfly Trust 
Total Cash 
90,839,943 
1,892,562 
469,526 
45,146 
594,825 21,645,286 1,260,603 2,363,572 119,111,263 
EFTA00811652
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
11/30/17 
12131/17 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Wile 
Gain (Loss) 
Haze Trust- Fixed Income (DB) 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% PM 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 
3,000,000 
3,337,950 
3,057,010 
3,077,000 
-260,958 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
01/22/13 
244,929 
2,450,844 
2,289,377 
2.297.436 
-153,208 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/28/14 
49,033 
1,180,739 
1,260,148 
1,248,380 
67,641 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/29/14 
150,967 
3,670,430 
3.879.852 
3,843,620 
173,190 
Cibbank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000 
999 419 _2.268O90 
2.253.870 
254451 
Total Haze Trust - Fixed income (DB) 
12,639,191 
12,754,477 
12,720,306 
81,115 
Japers - Fixed income (DB) 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
02/13/13 
1,834.787 
832 829 
714 987 
1.721.025 
-111.804 
Total Jaspers - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,832,829 
1,714,987 
1,721,025 
-111,804 
Gratitude America • Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
General Motors 5.75% fixed to 9/30/2027 
09/20/17 
1,450,000 
1,493,756 
1,505,855 
1,516645 
980,979 
22,t389 
-16,343 
Citizens Communications 7.125% Matures 3/1512019 
10102/17 
1,000,000 
997,322 
981,094 
Plains All America 6.125% 
10/10/17 
500,000 
501,381 
495,651 
503.163 
1,782 
Teekay LNG Partners 8.5% 
10/17/17 
10,000 
250 000 
246.200 
245.40Q 
-AM 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
3,242,459 
3,228,800 
3,248,187 
3,728 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
Royal Sank &Oland 7.64% Fixed to 9-20-2017 then 3M Libor +2320p 
11/10/15 
5,000,000 
5,298,817 
4,951,700 
4,962,500 
436,317 
Nationwide Society 6.875% GBP callable 6f20/2019 
4/15/14 
2,000.000 
2020957 
- 
Q 
Total Southern Trust Co. • Fixed Income (DB) 
6,298,817 
7,872,667 
4,962,600 
-336,317 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
Allergen mandatory convertible predated 5.5% 
08/15/16 
1,000 
881,500 
636.060 
586,250 
495,250 
Allergen mandatory convertible pawed 5.5% 
11/29/17 
1,000 
834,400 
836.060 
586.250 
-48,150 
Plains All America Pipefine 
10/04/17 
1,000 
1000,000 
989,279 
1,000,022 
LSCCOM 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
2,650,000 
2,89.125 
2,752,503 
2,771.826 
-17,299 
Kindred Healthcare 8% 1/152020 
10/13/16 
3,000,000 
3,060,528 
3,113,167 
361,017 
300,488 
Teva mandatory convertible preffered 7.0% 12/15/2018 
08/15/16 
1,000,000 
302.4%) 
- 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merril° 
8,366,663 
8,429,069 
8,306,385 
40,189 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (Interactive Brokers) 
Charles Schwab 6.0% Preferred 525 par 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,080,800 
1,075,200 
75,200 
NGL Energy Partners 9% 525 par 
616/17 
40,000 
1,000,000 
972.800 
976.000 
-24,000 
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred $25 par 
08/04/16 
8,000 
200,000 
190.000 
189,200 
-10,800 
Wells Fargo 5.7% Preferred $25 par 
1/19/16 
120,000 
3,000,000 
3,132,000 
3,118,800 
2,158200 
118 800 
155:200 
Ebay 6% Preferred $25 par matures 2-1-2056 
2122116 
80,000 
2,000,000 
2,148,000 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 
3,000,000 
3,123,122 
3,264,600 
3,10&750 
5,159000 
-14 372 
11454 
Goldman Sachs 5.375% Fined to 5-102020 then 392.2 over 3 mo tor 
614/15 
5,000,000 
5,034,346 
5,187,500 
Ca 
!One 5.55% Fixed to 9-1-2020 then 380 over 3 mo lftsor 
5/14/15 
000 000 
Total So 
ern rust o. - Fixed income interactive Brokers) 
8,367,287 
19,193,950 
„ 
597, 
Southern Financial LW - Fixed Income (DB) 
Bank of America 8.125% Pfd Dec 29 2049 
1/10/11 
2,000,000 
2,055,000 
2,061,911 
2,060,764 
5,764 
Barclays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/10/2023 
4/3/13 
300,000 
300,000 
308,929 
309,731 
9,731 
Citigroup Inc - Series O 5.95% 
8/8/15 
3,000,000 
3,000.006 
3,198.703 
3,202,433 
202,427 
General Electric Co GTD Fixed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
12/3/15 
2469000 
2,175,016 
2,486,489 
2,404,504 
229,488 
JP Morgan Chase & Co PM 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2O87,500 
2.547.508 
2,564,167 
-123,333 
JP Morgan Chase & Co PM 7.9% Apri 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2675,000 
2,547508 
2,564,167 
-110,833 
LBG Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5/21/13 
1,903,000 
1948,500 
2.180.125 
2,159,112 
210,612 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3,000,000 
2,996,137 
3,422,909 
3,355.925 
359,788 
Service Master 7.25% Mar 1 2038 
10/20/174
1,500,000 
1,559,765 
1,564,385 
1,570,000 
10,235 
Citizens Communications 7.125% Mar 15 2019 
10/3/17 
1,000,000 
1,000,849 
981,094 
980.979 
-19,870 
Exelainter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
10/24/17 
2,000,000 
1,940,506 
1,954,167 
038,889 
98,383 
Frontier Communications 8.5% April 15 2020 
10/11/17 
1,000,000 
987,506 
925,005 
847,944 
•13
JBS Investments 7.25% April 3 2024 
10/31/17 
2,000,000 
1,981,300 
2,012,958 
2,000,042 
18,742 
JPM Floating Rate income fund 
9/28/17 
322,062 
3,030.543 
3,010,641 
3,620,938 
-9,605 
GMAC Cap TR I GTD Pict Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
882 77.4_ 
089 60e 
2.076.000 
19322Q 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed income (DB) 
30,220,402 
31,291,932 
31,155,595 
935,194 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
face value 
Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 cl CBI var 72512033 
11119/13 
514,038 
393.335 
475 87Q 
472.21Q 
78.953
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed income (DB) 
393,335 
476,820 
472,288 
78,953 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
80,359,872 
84,962,692 
81,548,416 
1,188,543 
EFTA00811653
--- PAGE 6 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
11/30/17 
12/31/17 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
Advanced Micro Devices (received 0.70 from selling puts) 
9/15/17 
20,000 
246,012 
217,800 
205,600 
-40,412 
Advanced Micro Devices (received 0.77 from selling puts) 
12/15/17 
30,000 
366.913 
308.400 
-55.513 
Alibaba Group 
6/10/15 
5,000 
444,749 
885.400 
862,150 
417,401 
Apple Inc 
915/14 
64,000 
10,998.400 
Apple Inc 
1111/16 
250,000 
42,962.500 
- 
Apple Inc 
12/7/17 
314,000 
53,321,627 
- 
53,138,220 
-183,407 
Apollo Global Management 
3/31/11 
283,157 
4,999,983 
8,239,448 
8,807,865 
3.807.882 
Broadcom Ltd 
10/13/17 
000 
985,931 
1,111,760 
1,027,600 
41,669 
BASF ACM 
4/13/15 
5,000 
508,058 
560,000 
549,400 
41,344 
Biogen Idec Inc 
2/14/12 
2,095 
250,455 
674,946 
667,404 
416,949 
Centene Corp 
9/8/14 
15,550 
986,497 
1,587,500 
1,568,684 
582,187 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
17,500 
665,000 
3,100,650 
1,-*,050 
2,423,050 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
10/24/17 
4,400 
352,396 
329,032 
315 216 
-37,180 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
2/5/14 
8,100 
643,204 
605,718 
seom 
-62.920 
HSBC Holdings PLC 
12/4/17 
24.800 
246 105 
- 
257234 
11,129 
Lotting Holdings Ltd 
12/4/17 
710,000 
253,693 
- 
311$38 
57,845 
Nine Dragons Paper Ho 
12/4/17 
144,000 
248,025 
- 
230,635 
-17,390 
ZTE Corp 
12/4/17 
70,600 
249,835 
- 
265,077 
15,242 
Anhui Conch Cement 
12/4/17 
52,500 
249,073 
- 
246,817 
-2,258 
Bank of China Ltd 
12/4117 
512,000 
248,967 
- 
251,512 
2545 
China Communications 
1214/17 
224,000 
248,728 
- 
254,460 
5.732 
Dongfang Electric Corp 
12/4/17 
150,200 
127069 
- 
123,165 
-3,904 
VVeichai Power Co 
1214/17 
228,000 
246,611 
- 
249,870 
3.059 
Zhuzhou CRRC Times 
12/4/17 
43,400 
253,976 
- 
282,319 
28,343 
Nabtesco Corp 
12/4/17 
6,300 
247,324 
- 
241,624 
-5,700 
Wavers Ltd 
12/4/17 
2,000 
515,468 
- 
557,689 
42,223 
Volkswagen AG 
4/13/15 
5,000 
254,306 
207,600 
202,175 
-52,131 
Volkswagen AG 
9/21/17 
24,000 
820.503 
996 480 
970 440 
149.937 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
67,980,504 
72,477,232 
75,563,227 
7,582,722 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (TD) 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. (Formerly Dress Bam 1.3.11) 
1/16/01 
50,500 
118,170 
- 
Brunswick Corp 
9/18/17 
15.000 
830,250 
- 
Brunswidc Corp 
10/27/17 
5,000 
276,750 
- 
Cavco Industries Inc 
9/27/17 
3,300 
505.395 
- 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/16/14 
25000 
857,115 
1,330,000 
1,705,000 
847,885 
General Electric 
10/20/17 
75,000 
1.127.899 
1,371,750 
1,308,750 
180,851 
Sangamo Therapeutics Inc 
5/28/13 
40,000 
337.771 
848.000 
856.(1® 
318.229 
Total Southern Financial LLC-Equities (TD) 
2,322,785 5,080,315 3,669,750 1,346,965 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
Bardays PLC ADR 
7/18/16 
100,000 
805,096 
1,035.000 
1,090,000 
284,904 
Advanced Micro Devices 
8/11/17 
12,000 
144,486 
130,680 
123,360 
-21,126 
16,300 
XLF Finanacial Sector 
11/16/17 
10,000 
262,800 
525.683 
279.100 
Credit Suisse Group 
7118116 
100,000 
137 Pfl 
1.690.000 
1.785.000 
647.374 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
2,350,008 3,381,363 3,277,460 
927,452 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
Teradyne Inc 
7/20/17 
20,000 
704,832 
809,400 
837,400 
132,558 
XLF Finanacial Sector 
6/20/17 
20,000 
487,600 
550.400 
558,200 
70,600 
XLF Finanacial Sector 
8/2/17 
80,000 
2,023,688 
2,201,600 
2,232,800 
209,112 
JD Corn Inc 
8/23/17 
10,000 
419,839 
374.500 
414,200 
-5.439 
JD Corn Inc 
1013/17 
20,000 
759,982 
749,000 
828,400 
68,418 
Caesars Entertainment 
10/4/17 
30,000 
391,185 
397.500 
379,500 
-11,685 
First Republic 
10/24/17 
1,000 
97,300 
95,540 
86,640 
-10,660 
Qualcom Inc 
10/11/17 
10,000 
542,890 
663.400 
640,200 
97,310 
ON Semiconductor 
6/8/17 
12,000 
200,038 
240.980 
251,280 
51,242 
Tencent Holdings 
11/2/17 
20,000 
986280 
511750 
1,038720 
52,440 
KBW Regional Bank ETF 
11/16/17 
9.000 
50167 
533.970 
520,650-
26,483 
ING 
414/17 
25,000 
%)3/4
452_50Q 
7,580,520 
461.500 
8,258,490 
$11-002
768,390 
Total Southern Trust Co. • Equities (Merrill) 
7,490.
,100 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities Morgan Stanley) 
EFTA00811654
--- PAGE 7 ---
Colony Capital->Colony Northstar Inc. 
9/26/16 
73,315 
928.837 
402,134 
893.710 
85,500 
836,524 
89,000 
-92,313 
-313,134 
Sequential Brands 
9/23/16 
50,000 
General Electric 
10/23/17 
22,000 
491,068 
402,380 
383,900 
-107,168 
Bank of America 
32/16 
7,500 
100,825 
211,275 
221,400 
120,575 
Tencent Holdings 
7/18/16 
12,500 
298.878 
639.688 
649 0°°
350.122 
Total Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,221,742 2,232,552 2,179,824 
41,918 
Haze That • Equities (DB) 
Google 
12/5/17 
1,000 
- 
tQ46 40Q 
32.385 
Haze Trust- Total Equities (DB) 
1, 117AM 
1,046,400 
32,385 
J Epstein Vi Foundation - Equities (DB) 
Bristol Myers Squibb 
10/30/15 
5,000 
334,712 
315,950 
306,400 
-28,312 
Disney 
10/30/15 
2,500 
285.025 
262.050 
268.775 
-16.250 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
619,737 
578,000 
575,176 
_ -44,562 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
83,998,892 
91,329,982 
94,570,328 10,571,434 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF's (DB) 
'shares South Korea ETF 
11/3/17 
13,000 
985,997 
976.950 
974.090 
-11,907 
'shares China ETF 
11/3/17 
000 
973 747 
969 570 
969 570 
177 
s ores man 
, 
Wisdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/13 
60,000 
2951099 
3.51.6.649 
1559-8012 
593.701 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF'S 'DB) 
5,913,048 6,427,720 6,444,920 
531,872 
Southern Financial LLC - Options (DB) 
Forward LongARS 59.020.000 us USD Shed 3.000.000 Exp 6/15/2018 
11/9/17 
19.94 
86,687 
42.975 
42,975 
Forward LongARS 64870,000 vs USD Shod 3.000.000 Exp 315/2018 
12/5/17 
18.29 
-135,808 
-135,808 
Font-aid LongARS 58.341.500 vs USD Short 3.000.000 Exp 6/15.2018 
12/15/17 
19.46 
-119,841 
-119,841 
Long EUR 10.003.000 vs CHF Short 11.703.000 Exp 3/12/2010 
11/20/17 
1.1703 
4,350 
4,350 
Long USD 10.000.000 vs EUR Shot 4583,691 Exp 2/20/2018 
11/20/17 
1.1650 
78,000 
50,000 
10,727 
-67,273 
Long TWX 100 Calls - exp Jan 19 2018 
10/13/17 
4,536 
400 
4,476 
Short GE 18 Puts - exp Jan 19 2018 
12/5/17 
(250) 
-21,493 
-17,000 
4,493 
Short AVGO 260 Calls - exp Jan 19 2018 
12/15/17 
(2O) 
-21,127 
-9,340 
11,787 
Shod GILD 75 Puts - exp Jan 19 2018 
12/15/17 
(125) 
-20,994 
44,500 
-23,507 
Short AVGO 250 Calls - exp Feb 16 2018 
12/15/17 
(20) 
-36.803 
-29,000 
7,803 
Long SPY 270 Calls - exp March 16 2018 
12/11/17 
900 
262,806 
265,500 
2,694 
Short GILD 85 Calls - exp Dec 15 2017 
10/24/17 
(60) 
-240 
Short GILD 75 Puts - exp Dec 15 2017 
10/24/17 
(125) 
-22,250 
Short GILD 82.5 Calls - exp Dec 15 2017 
10/24/17 
(65) 
-325 
Short AVGO 250 Calls - exp Dec 15 2017 
10/13/17 
(90) 
-59,120 
Short AVG° 260 Calls - exp Dec 15 2017 
10/13/17 
(20) 
-4Z600 
ShodAVG° 240 Puts • exp Dec 15 2017 
10/13/17 
(40) 
4,400 
Shod AMC 13 Puts - exp Dec 15 2017 
10/25/17 
(300) 
:Q2.12QQ. 
Q 
Total Southern Financial LW - Options (DB) 
244,926 
-55,748 
-128,627 
-373,452 
Southern Financial LW - Options (TD) 
Long 280 JD 40 Celts - exp 1/19/2018 
10116/17 
280 
75.122 
20.328 
56,645 
-18,477 
Shod 280 JD 44 Coifs - exp 1192018 
10116/17 
(280) 
-5,449 
Shod 280 JD 37 Puts - exp1/19/2018 
10/18/17 
(280) 
-37.498 
Q 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Options (TO) 
75,122 
-22,618 
56,545 
-18,477 
Southern Trust Co. - Options (Merrill) 
Euro Wu 50 Index Si oio7igoio steep sue 3508 (amnia threshold 73.5% 
9/25/17 ref price 3555 
2,500,000 
2,520,126 
2,473,556 
-26e144 
-121,341 
SX7E Market Plus Note Exp 4/26/2019 
10/24/17 
3.000,000 
2,916,385 
2,878,659 
TWx 100 Calls Exp 1/19/2018 
10/13/17 
50,000 
19,845 
EEM > IWN Exp 12/29/2017 
10/13/17 10mm notional 
579 
Q 
O 
Southern Trust Co. • Options (Merrill) 
6,500,000 
5,473,935 
5,352,215 
(147,755) 
TOTAL OPTIONS 
5,820,047 5,396,568 5,280,333 
(539,714) 
EFTA00811655
--- PAGE 8 ---
11/30/17 
12/31/17 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financia (SFLLC) 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
335 627 
• • 2 204 
2.69% 
15.38% wluwmw,amm WIWI? 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
49,335,627 
50,662,204 
widWrew,3mm +111110 
2016 return 3.77% 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
King Street 
3.555.125 
Hedge Funds -Haze 
3,555,125 
3,552,188 
416 270,7103 
4n11e 6.667,eaawie 
&16113,684 
7127116 6,102,824 paid 
6113 2,776 
10127116 4,166,601 paid 
1011216,»0 
1127717 3,664,444 p.16 
1119 4.060 
2016 return 4.66% 
Hedge Funds - STC 
Honeycomb 
23.995.914 
24.308.474 
1.30% 
21.01% odded20rm6/31/16 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
23,995,914 
24,308,474 
2016 mute 0.44% 
Total Hedge Funds 
76,886,666 78,522,866 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
Grat 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
Kyara I (repaid 100 cost + 201k profit) 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
ll 
250,000 
Kyara III -> 483,915 repaid 8/5/2015 
Kyara IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount) 
1.000,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000.000 
Jawbone Investment (grat) 
1,000,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3.000,000 
sic 
Seaford Avenue Capital - PB Investment -Auto Debt (total comm 2.6mm) 
346,680 
Adfln Solutions (investment amount 
875,000 
butterfly trust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston. NJ 
3,000,000 
Coinbase via Grat 
sic 
3,001,000 
Spotify via Honeycomb 
ll 
1,000,000 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Velar Global Fund II (amount funded vs 15mm committment) 
14,250,000 (N012017 stmt sham 3,665,396 nallzitl 94e 
Velar Global Fund Ill (amount funded vs 25mm committment) 
17,250,000 (40012017 am( shows 027,24? wirealla0 944 
Totals 
1,000,000 
3,000,000 
37,221,680 
3,001,000 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
50,702,680 
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
2,500,000 
2,500,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
250,000 
plan D LLC 
250,000 
2008 G550 
15,750,000 
15,750,000 
Automobiles 
1,175,000 
1,175,000 
Boats 
700,000 
700,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
2,500,000 
3,000,000 
250,000 17,625,000 23,375,000 
EFTA00811656
--- PAGE 9 ---
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
JEGE Inc. 
FTRE 
Totals 
Loans Receivable 
pods am moons woo 
150,000 
150,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Nick Ribis 
150,000 
150,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
Osboume Lane Capital (Paul B) 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
David Mitchell 
100,000 
1,500,000 
1,600,000 
MI 
303,262 
303,262 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
4,750,000 
4,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
Lesley 
300,000 
300,000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
Darren Indyke 
475,000 
475.000 
Richard Kahn 
475,000 
475,000 
LV Home & Ot er 
1,307,000 
1,307,000 
525,000 
525,000 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,354,446 
6,550,000 
950,000 2,936,262 12,790,708 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques .4 Jewelry 
Lasers 
Giacornetti (8,532,000 pounds © tat 
11,249.417 
11,249,417 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
32.73 Carrot Enteral Cut Diamond - Insurance value 
5,400,000 
5.400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
3,050,006 
Fine Art Schedule 
3,050,000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 14,299,417 21,149,417 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
(30,500,000) 
(30,500,000) 
EFTA00811657

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811658.pdf
----------------------------------------
Canada 
Rehabilitation and 
Temporary Resident 
Permit (TRP) 
Visa Office Instructions 
For the following country: 
United States 
IMM 5939 E (05-2016) 
Table of Contents 
Document Checklist - Rehabilitation and 
- emparary Resident Permit (TRP) 
This application is made available free by 
Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship 
Canada and is not to be sold to 
applicants. 
Cette trousse est egalement 
disponible en trancais 
EFTA00811658
--- PAGE 2 ---
Application for Rehabilitation or a Temporary Resident Permit -
Checklist for applicants in the USA 
In addition to the documents listed in the standard document checklist, you must provide the 
following office specific documents as applicable. These are minimum requirements. An officer 
will make a decision based on the documentation and evidence you provide in support of your 
application. 
You must submit the following items: 
A fully completed Aoolication for Criminal Rehabilitation [IMM14441. If you are applying r
for a Temporary Resident Permit, check the "For Information Only" box in Section 
A, Part 2 of the form and write "TRP" on the top of the first page. 
Two passport-sized photographs taken within the last six months. 
r
Federal police clearance from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Find out 
more about 'low to aoolv for an FBI certificate. 
r 
• All criminal background checks should be no more than six months old at the 
time it is received at our office. 
*If the FBI police certificate you previously submitted to our office was issued more 
than 24 months ago, you will need to obtain an updated version. 
State police certificates: 
• 
From all states in which you have resided for 6 months or more since age 18 
• 
From all states in which you have been charged with an offense 
• All police certificates should be no more than 6 months old at the time they are 
received at our office. 
*If the police certificate you previously submitted to our office was issued more than 
months ago, you will need to obtain an updated version. 
r 
All court documents and certificates of disposition for any changes or convictions. 
These documents must show the judgment imposed and all sentencing details. 
r
Documentary evidence showing if and when you completed all terms and 
conditions of your sentence(s). This includes information related to release from 
custody, discharge from probation, payment of any fines, costs or restitution, 
reinstatement of your driver's license, etc. 
The documents must clearly demonstrate: 
• If all of the terms and conditions of your sentence have been completed 
• The date on which each term and condition of your sentence was completed 
r 
IMM 5939 E 
EFTA00811659
--- PAGE 3 ---
Documentary evidence supporting your statements regarding your 
rehabilitation. This can include: 
• 
Letters of reference from professionals (such as parole officers, doctors, 
counselors, educators etc.) who have participated in your rehabilitation process, 
or if these are not available, character references; 
• 
Evidence that you have obtained therapy or counseling; 
• 
Evidence that you have paid restitution to your victims 
• 
Documents demonstrating you have completed a rehabilitation or substance 
abuse program 
• Documents demonstrating you have participated in training for life-skills, or 
social/survival skills. 
• 
Certificates showing your completion of educational vocational training 
programs. 
• Letters of employment. These letters should provide information about your 
dates of employment, your position and your work responsibilities. 
• 
Evidence of any community involvement or volunteer activities. 
• 
Information about your family circumstances or responsibilities. This can 
include: 
o 
A marriage certificate 
o Divorce orders 
o Custody agreements or orders (for your children) 
o Birth certificates (for your children) 
o 
Adoption order (for any child you have adopted) 
o 
Power of attorney (for an elderly parent or relative) 
r 
Detailed personal statement describing the circumstances leading to each arrest. 
r 
Personal statement describing why you consider yourself rehabilitated. 
r 
Personal statement describing the purpose of your trip to Canada. 
r 
Additional information required for TRP applicants only: 
V 
Personal statement describing the purpose of your trip to Canada. 
F 
Documentary evidence supporting your statements regarding your purpose of travel to 
Canada. This can include a letter from your employer, a letter from your host, work 
contracts, travel itineraries, promotional material etc. 
r 
Letter from your probation officer authorizing you to leave your area of jurisdiction, if 
applicable. 
r
IMM 5939 E 
EFTA00811660

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811661.pdf
----------------------------------------
1►1 
Citizenship and 
Ciloyennete et 
Immigration Canada 
Immigration Canada 
PROTECTED WHEN COMPLETED - B 
PAGE 1 OF 1 
DOCUMENT CHECKLIST 
REHABILITATION 
This document checklist will help ensure that you attach all the required documents to your application. Your entire application will be 
returned to you with a letter asking for the necessary documents if any information is missing. This will delay processing of your application. If 
you cannot get documents listed on the checklist and the court, country. and arresting police department do not have the information you 
require, you must obtain a written explanation from them and include it with your application. In the event you are not able to get a written 
explanation, you must provide details of your efforts to obtain the information and why it is not available. Documents you submit that are not 
in English or French must be accompanied by a certified translation. 
I have enclosed the following items: 
FORMS 
K 
Application for Criminal Rehabilitation (IMM 1444) 
K Use of a Representative (IMM 5476), if applicable 
PHOTOCOPIES OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS 
Pages from your passport showing your name, date of birth, and country of birth. 
For citizens of the United States only: If you do not have a passport, a copy of your drivers licence and USA birth certificate 
Each court judgement made against you which must clearly show the charge, the section of the law under which you were 
charged, the verdict and the sentence 
The foreign or Canadian laws under which you were charged or convicted. You can obtain copies of foreign laws by contacting 
local police authorities, lawyers, the courthouse where the offence occurred, visiting your local law library, or searching the 
Internet. If you need information about another country, their local embassy or consulate may be able to help you 
Any documents relating to sentence imposed, parole, probation or pardon; e.g. court records, judge's comments (including 
recommendation concerning parole), probation or parole reports, certificate of rehabilitation, letters of recommendation from public 
officials or respected private citizens, etc. These documents must clearly show when your sentence was completed 
ORIGINAL DOCUMENTS 
A criminal clearance from the police authorities in all countries (including Canada) where you have lived for six consecutive 
months or longer since reaching the age of 18 
For people who have lived in the United States: Provide a state certificate (or a letter from a police authority) for each state in 
which you have lived for six consecutive months or longer since reaching the age of 18 and a national FBI certificate 
If you were a juvenile offender (see Determining inadmissibility), a letter or document proving that the country you were convicted 
in has special measures for juvenile offenders 
If you are applying from within Canada: Provide the form - Fee for immigration Service, Approval of Rehabilitation (IMM 5310) 
If you are applying from outside Canada: Provide the Internet receipt (consult "Pay the fee" section of the instruction guide for 
more instruction) 
This form Is made available by Citizenship and Immigration Canada and is not to be sold to applicants. 
EWA 5507 (05-2015) E 
(DISPONIBLE EN FRANCAIS • IMM 5507 F) 
Canada. 
EFTA00811661

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811662.pdf
----------------------------------------
1+1 
Citizenship and 
Citoyennet6 et 
Immigration Canada 
Immigration Canada 
PROTECTED VYNEN COMPLETED - B 
PAGE 1 OF 4 
APPLICATION FOR CRIMINAL REHABILITATION 
SECTION A 
MI APPLICATION FOR APPROVAL OF REHABILITATION 
r 
FOR INFORMATION ONLY 
SECTION B 
Family name 
Epstein 
Given name(s) - Do not use initials 
Jeffrey Edwards 
Dale of birth (YYYY-MM-DD) 
1953-01-20 
Sea 
Or Male 
O 
Female 
Country of birth 
USA 
Citizenship
USA 
Mental status 
r 
Single 
El Married 
LI Common-law 
O 
Vtadowed 
O 
Divorced 
O 
Separated 
— 
All other names that I use or have used 
1) Family name 
i 
(Include maiden name, previous married 
Given name(s) 
name(s), aliases and nidummes, legal 
I 
2) Family name 
change of name) 
Given name(s) 
Ill 
No 
Little 
My home address is 
& street 
St. James Island 
I Apt/Unit 
City/Toren 
St. Thomas 
Province I State / Country 
U.S. Virgin Islands, USA 
Postal / ZIP code 
00802 
LI 
No 
6100 
Making address 
All correspondence should be mailed to box 8 
El 
or to: 
street 
Red Hook Quarter 
IP4A/Unit 
B3 
City/Town 
St. Thomas 
Province! State / Country 
U S. Virgin Islands, USA 
Postal / ZIP code 
00802 
Home telephone no. 
Business telephone no. 
Fax no. 
Time 
E
Indicate most convenient time 
ASA 
to reach you by telephone 
r 
PM 
E-mail address (Indicating an e-mail address will authorize all correspondence, including fie and personal information, to be sent to the e-mat address you 
TO BE COMPLETED BY APPLICANT 
Language of correspondence 
ID English 
OR El French 
TO BE COMPLETED BY APPLICANT 
I may be inadMiSaile to Canada because of the following offense*); (use a separate sheet if necessary, entitled #15: Offences / Convictions) 
OFFENCE(S)/CONVICTION 
DATE(S) OF OFFENCE(S)! 
CONVICTION 
(YYTY-MM-DO) 
PLACE OF OFFENCE(S)/CONVICTION 
SENTENCES) 
STATUTE 
NUMBER(S) 
Solicitation of Prostitution 
2008-06-30 
Palm Beach County, Florida 
Nos. 
FS 796.07 
Procuring a person under 18 
for Prostitution 
2008- 06- 30
Palm Beach County, Florida 
Mos. and 
FS 796.03
Nos of 
Probation 
On a separate sheet of paper, explain in detail the events/circumstances leading to the offence(s)/conviction(s). Indicate 118: Events! Circumstances on 
the sheet of paper. 
WARNING 
DETAILS OF ALL OFFENCES AND CONVICTIONS MUST BE ACCURATELY RECORDED ON THIS DOCUMENT. PROVIDING FALSE OR MISLEADING 
INFORMATION WILL LIKELY RESULT IN A REFUSAL OF YOUR APPLICATION AND MAY PERMANENTLY BAR YOUR ADMISSION TO CANADA. 
imM 1444 (08-2012) E 
This form Is made available by CitlzonsMp and Immigration Canada and is not to be sold to applicants. 
(DISPONIBLE EN FRANCAIS • IMM 1444 F) 
Canadig 
EFTA00811662
--- PAGE 2 ---
PAGE 2 OF 4 
emlain the purpose of your visit or stay in Canada 
To attend the TED 2018 Conference, entitled The Age of Amazement, in Vancouver, BC from April 
10-14,2018, and before, during and after the conference, to meet with, and share information and 
ideas with other professionals regarding the topics addressed at the TED Conference. 
On a separate sheet of paper, provide reasons why you consider yourself to be rehabilitated and why you do not represent a risk to pubac safety. 
Indicate #18: Rehabilitation Factor on the sheet of paper. 
Addresses since the age of 18. (Use a separate sheet if necessary) 
cs Forms will be returned if the e is any period of time for which you have not shown an address. Do not use post office (■) box addresses. 
DATES 
(tYYYMM) 
(YYYY-IMA) 
NUMBER AND STREET 
(Do not use ii boxes) 
APT. 
NO. 
PROVINCE I STATE 
COUNTRY 
Little St. James Island 
St. Thanes 
USVI, USA 
358 El Brillow Way 
Palm Beach 
FL, USA 
East 71st Street 
New York 
NY, USA 
East 69th Street 
New York 
NY, USA 
Avenue Foch 
Paris 
FR 
Zorro Ranch Road 
(Other Addresses) 
Stanley 
NM, USA
Provide the details of your employment history since the age of 18. Start with the most recent information. Under "OCCUPATION", wile your occupation 
or job title if you were working. If you were not working, provide information on what you were doing (for example: unemployed. studying, traveling, in 
detention, etc.) 
Note: Please ensure that you do not leave any gaps in time. 
 Failure to account for all time periods will result in a delay in the processing of your appktahon. 
_ 
DATES 
FROM 
TO 
(rtYY-1.41A) 
(TYrv-mkt) 
NAME AND ADDRESS OF COMPANY 
(Write name in lull do not use abbreviations)
OCCUPATION 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Florida Science Foundation 
FinancisiTrust Conway Inc, 
J Epstein & Company. Inc. 
Bear Steams & Company 
The Dalton School 
(Out Employment) 
THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE IN THIS DOCUMENT IS COLLECTED UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF THE CANADA IMMIGRATION AND REFUGEE 
PROCTECTION ACT AND IS STORED IN PERONAL INFORMATION BANK NUMBER CIC PPU 042, 054 OR 300. THE INFORMATION IS PROTECTED 
UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVACY ACT AND IS ACCESSIBLE TO YOU UPON REQUEST. 
I certify that the Information provided by me is true and complete to the best of my knowledge. 
I also certify that I am not currently charged with any criminal offence. 
SIGNATURE OF APPLICANT 
Date (YYYY-MM-DD) 
IMM 1444 (08-2oi2)E 
EFTA00811663
--- PAGE 3 ---
PAGE 3 OF 4 
SECTION C 
TO BE COMPLETED BY THE OFFICER. 
Name of originating office 
File no. 
NW) file no. (if known) 
Cost recovery oode 
Fee 
GST 
Receipt no. 
FOSS / NCMS ID no. 
Equivalent offence(s) under Canadian law 
Maximum penalty under Canadian law 
Inadmissibility provision(s) 
19' 
IM 
A36(1)a) 
O A36(1)b) 
A36(1)c) 
A36(2)a) 
O A36(2)b) 
O A36(2)c) 
Eligiole to apply for rehabilitation? 
Ille. O Yes O No 
Date when subject 
(YYYY-MM-DD) 
was / will be eligible
19'
If subject is not eligible. state reason(s) 
Officers recommendation 
I recommend approval of rehabilitation 
O I recommend an application for a Temporary Resident's Permit 
El I do not recommend approval of rehabilitation 
O I do not recommend an application for a Temporary Residents Permit 
Reasons for recommendation 
Name of officer 
Signature of officer 
Date FiYYY-MMDD) 
1MM 1444 (08-2012) E 
EFTA00811664
--- PAGE 4 ---
PAGE 4 OF 4 
l
Reviewing officer's 
illi
recommendation 
Ile• 
Ill I concur / approve r
II I do not concur / approve 
Comments 
Name of reviewing officer 
Signature of reviewing officer 
Date (YYYY-MM-DD) 
_11 List of documents or photocopies attached - check those attached 
▪ 
Passport 
D Drivers License and USA Birth of Certificate (USA-born citizens only) 
O 
Court Judgement(s) 
D Text of non-Canadian statutes 
▪ 
Police certificate 
O 
Documentation re: sentence, parole, probation, fine or pardon 
O 
Documentation re: juvenile offender 
D Other documentation (specify) 
I certify that a copy of these documents has been provided to the applicant and that the applicant has been given an opportunity to provide 
comments. 
Name of officer 
Signature of officer 
Date (YYYY-MM-DD) 
SECTION D 
Notification by diode-mail) received that authority from the Minister for 
reef under A313(1)(b) or A36(1)(c) was: 
ile• O 
Granted 
D Refused 
Initials 
Date (YYYY-MM-DD) 
Authority from the Ministers delegate for relief under A36(2Xb) or 
A36(2)(c) granted 
Pio 
 O Yes 
O No
Date (YYYY-MM-DD) 
Name (please print) 
Title 
SIGNATURE 
Date (YYYY-MM-DO) 
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
NAM 1444 (08-2012) E 
EFTA00811665

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811666.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
1/31/2018 
EFTA00811666
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - JANUARY 31, 2018 
12/31/17 
1/31/18 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
119,111,263 
107,909,055 
(11,202,208) 
Fixed Income 
81,548,416 
81,642,786 
94,370 
Equities 
94,570,326 
103,157,212 
8,586,886 
Equity ETF's 
6,444,920 
3,127,830 
(3,317,090) 
Options 
5,280,333 
8,841,609 
3,561,276 
Hedge Funds 
78,776,310 
82,272,841 
3,496,531 
Investments 
50,702,680 
52,202,680 
1,500,000 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
23,375,000 
23,375,000 
Loans Receivable 
12,790,708 
14,440,708 
1,650,000 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
9,900,000 
9,900,000 
Loan Payable - BJAV 
(30.500.000) 
(30,500,000) 
-
Total Assets 
451,999,956 
456,369,722 
4,369,766 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
DB - Sold 60,000 Wisdomtree Japan Hedged Equity @ 61.30 
3,678,231 
DB - Sold 900 SPY 270 Calls Exp 3-16-2018 @ 14.5011 
1,302,363 
DB - Sold 1,000,000 Frontier Communications 8.5% April 15 2020 
986,130 
MS - Sold 73,315 Colony Capital @ 9.3518 
680,473 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions - per brokerage stmts 
622,286 
TD - Sold Short 9,900 XLU @ 50.561 
499,546 
MS - Sold Teekay LNG Partners 8.5% 
246,440 
Enhanced - Sold 1,600 BMY @ 61.66 
98,651 
Enhanced - Sold 815 DIS © 110.49 
90,051 
Nick - Loan repayments 25,000 x 2 
50,000 
DB - Bought Sy10y USD Rates Curve Cap 100,000,000 Notional 
(41,000) 
Brice Karen bonus 
(50,000) 
Paul Barrett fees Q1 2018 
(54,165) 
LSJ - Prosolar 
(58,100) 
Dave Rodgers - 2017 hours 
(85,000) 
Legal Fees - Steptoe and Johnson 
(100,000) 
Cash withdrawal at bank 
(100,000) 
DB - Bought Long USD 10,455,000 vs EUR Short 8,500,000 
(100,000) 
IB - Bought 525 XLI 80 Calls @ 1.929 
(101,269) 
EFTA00811667
--- PAGE 3 ---
IB - Bought 1,000 EWY 79 Calls @ 1.0213 
(102,130) 
IB - Bought 2,400 EEM 55 Calls @ 0.44 
(105,606) 
Enhanced - Joscha Boch 
(125,000) 
IB - Bought 675 SPY 295 Calls @ 1.87 
(126,313) 
Larry Visoski Loan 
(150,000) 
TD - Bought 1,000 SPY 300 Calls @ 1.8055 
(180,576) 
Legal Fees - Link 
(260,807) 
MS - Bought 5,930 Starbucks @ 58.0283 
(344,464) 
Miscellaneous 
(361,959) 
MS - Bought 3,500 Anheuser busch @ 112.2844 
(393,352) 
IB - Bought 1,850 GS @ 269.03 
(499,868) 
HBRK Funding 
(500,000) 
Coatue Enterprises LLC Loan 
(500,000) 
TD - Bought 43,000 AMLO @ 11.65 
(500,956) 
DB - Bought 95,400 China PAC Insurance Group @ 5.31 
(506,380) 
DB - Bought 151,000 China Life Insurance Co @ 3.36 
(507,285) 
DB - Bought 59,000 AIA Group Hong Kong @ 8.62 
(508,816) 
DB - Bought 40,500 PING An Insurance @ 12.64 
(511,931) 
ML - Bought 40,000 NY Community Bank @ 13.63 
(545,212) 
IB - Bought 10,000 SBUX @ 58.04 
(580,378) 
DKI Funding 
(600,000) 
ML - Bought 4,000 Cummins Inc @ 188.90 
(755,600) 
TD - Bought 50,000 GE @ 19.25 
(962,506) 
Harlequin Dane, LLC Loan 
(1,000,000) 
DB - Bought Buckeye Partners Fixed to Float 6.37 
(1,019,996) 
IB - Bought 100,000 AMLP @ 11.43 
(1,142,710) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,475,000) 
Valar III funding 
(1,500,000) 
ML - Bought Japan Banks Capped Note Exp Feb 1 2019 
(3,000,000) 
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
(11,202,207) 
EFTA00811668
--- PAGE 4 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan intoracriv• 
To 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
SNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Merrill 
Stanley 
Brokers 
Amortrade 
Totals 
Cash 
Haze Trust 
54423,200 
54,423200 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
10,328,286 
555,442 
299.452 
12.525,985 
3.836.376 
27.545.544 
Southern Financial LLC 
13,784362 
1.339.834 
15.124.196 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
61092 
221,430 
2.000.000 838,435 
3.876,857 
JEE 
1,996,201 
59,906 
7,025 
2,063,132 
1,532,188 
Jaspers Inc. 
1,524,431 
7,737 
LSJE LLC 
231,806 
728,155 
325,222 
1285,183 
463.079 
JEGE LLC 
463,079 
Southern Country International LTD 
434,889 
434.889 
Plan 0 US 
239,248 
239246 
Neptune LW 
207661 
207.661 
143,188 
NES LLC 
143.188 
Thomas World Ai LW 
127,973 
127,973 
121.954 
2orro Management LLC 
121.954 
JEE - Paris (US 8) 
108,465 
108,465 
Enhanced €ducation 
-6-.320 
86.827 
92,947 
Nautilus Inc. 
64,387 
64,387 
Hyperion Air LW 
51,300 
51.300 
FT Real Estate 
42,149 
42.149 
Laurel Inc. 
37,129 
37,129 
Cypress Inc. 
29,736 
29.736 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
22,812 
22,812 
Michellos Transportation Co LLC 
22,736 
22,736 
Maple Inc. 
18,281 
18281 
JEGE Inc. 
9,790 
9.790 
Great St Jim LLC 
817 
8,817 
LSJ LW 
6150 
6,150 
Mod Inc 
4,853 
4.853 
FSF LW 
837 
837 
IGO Company LLC 
390 
390
i
The JFFi fe Ins Trust #3 
206 
206 
Butledly Trust 
a 
Total Cash 
84,152,877 
2,475,382 
414,942 
326,222 
14,625,986 838,435 3,836.378 1,336.634 107,909,055 
EFTA00811669
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
12/31/17 
1131/18 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 
3000000
,
,
3337958 
3,077,000 
3,100,500 
-237,458 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
01/22113 
24089 
2458,427 
27297743-8 
2,325,163 
-133,264 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/28/14 
49,033 
1,180,739 
1,248,380 
1,228,277 
47,537 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
1029/14 
150,957 
3,670,430 
3,843,620 
3,781,723 
111,293 
Citibank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000 
999 419 
2253 87Q 
2.227.50Q 
228.381 
Total Haze Trust- Fixed income (DB) 
12,646,973 
12,720,306 
12,663,463 
16,489 
Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
02/13/13 
184,122 
838 659 
1.721 025 
1.741.795 
-96 854 
Total Joiners - Fbred Income (DB) 
1,838,669 
1,721,026 
1,741,795 
-96,864 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
General Motors 5.75% fixed to 9/30/2027 
09/20/17 
1,450,000 
1,493,756 
1,516645 
1,527464 
33,708 
Citizens Communications 7.125% Matures 3/15/2019 
1O132/17 
1,000,000 
997,322 
980,979 
1.,036,667 
38,345 
Plains Al America 6.125% 
10/10/17 
500,000 
501,381 
503.163 
509,590 
8,209 
Teekay LNG Partners 8.5% 
10/17/17 
10,000 
245.400 
- 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed income (Morgan Stanley) 
2,992,469 
3,246,187 
3,072,721 
80,262 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
Buckeye Partners Fixed to Float 6.375% Ciliate 1/22/23 
1/25/18 
1,000 000 
1019,996 
- 
1,020.544 
548 
Royal Bank Scotland 7.64% Fixed to 9-29-2017 then 3M Ubor +232% 
11/10/15 
5,000,000 
5.298 817 
4.962 500 .-8.083 280 
-215.537 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
6,318,813 
4,962,500 
6,103,824 
-214,989 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
Allergan mandatory convertible preffered 5.5% 
08/15/16 
1,000 
881,500 
586,250 
647,700 
-233,800 
Allergen mandatory convertible proffered 5.5% 
11/29/17 
1,000 
834.400 
586,250 
847,700 
13,300 
Plains All America Pipeline 
10/04/17 
1000 
1,000,000 
1,000,022 
1,906,764 
8,764 
LSCCOM 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
2,650,000 
2,789,125 
2,771.826 
2,824,274 
35,149 
Kindred Healthcare 8%1/1512020 
10/13/16 
3,000 000 
150.778 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
8,365,553 
8,305,365 
, 
, 
-25,809 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers) 
Charles Schwab 6.0% Preferred $25 par 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1.000,000 
1,075,200 
1,049.200 
49,200 
NGL Energy Partners 9%525 par 
6/6/17 
40,000 
1,000,000 
976,000 
980,004 
-19,996 
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred $25 par 
0&134/16 
8,000 
200.000 
189,200 
187.920 
-12,080 
Wells Fargo 5.7% Preferred $25 par 
1/19/16 
120,000 
3,000,000 
3,118,800 
3,024,000 
24,000 
Ebay 6% Preferred $25 par matures 2-1-2056 
2/22/16 
80,000 
2.000,000 
2,155,200 
2,072.800 
72,800 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9.15-2026 then floats 
10/11/18 
3,000,000 
3,123,122 
3,108,750 
3,217,073 
93.951 
Goldman Sachs 5.375% Fixed to 540.2020 then 392.2 over 3 mo Ibor 
6/4/15 
5,000,000 
5,034346 
5,150,000 
5,223.715 
189.369 
Centel One 5.55% Fixed to 9.1.2020 then 380 over 3 mo libor 
5/14/15 
3,000,000 
3.009.81f 
3.:192100 
3.118.213 
108.394 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (Interactive Brokers) 
18,367,287 
18,965,150 
18,872,925 
505,638 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed income (DB) 
Bank of America 8.125% Pfd Dec 29 2049 
1/10/11 
2,000,000 
2,055,000 
2,060,764 
2,072,348 
17,346 
Barclays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/1012023 
4/3/13 
300,000 
300,000 
309,731 
309,119 
9,119 
Citigroup Inc - Series Q 5.95% 
8/6/15 
3000000 
3.000,006 
3,202,433 
213,558 
213,552 
General Electric Co GTD Fixed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2085 
12/3/15 
2.469,000 
2.175.018 
2,404,504 
2,$58,169 
183,153 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Phi 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500 000 
2,687,500 
2,564,167 
2,583,750 
-103,750 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2.500.000 
2.675.000 
2,564,187 
2,583,750 
-91.250 
LBG Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5/21/13 
1903,000 
1,948,500 
2,159.112 
2,161,491 
212,991 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec31 2049 
1/30/12 
3.000,000 
2.996.137 
3,355,925 
3,315,000 
318.863 
Service Master 7.25% Mar 1 2038 
10/20/17 
1,500,000 
1.559.785 
1,570,000 
1,582,813 
23,048 
Citizens Communications 7.125% Mar 15 2019 
10/3/17 
1,000,000 
1,000,793 
980,979 
1,035,667 
34,874 
Exelainter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
10/24/17 
2,000.000 
1.940.506 
2.038.889 
1,983,889 
383 
Frontier Communications 8.5% April 15 2020 
10111/17 
1,000000 
847944 
- 
JBS Investments 7.25% April 3 2024 
1041717 
7.000.000 
1.981.300 
2.000.042 
2.052.125-
70.825 
JPM Floating Rate Income kind 
9/28/17 
323192 
3.041.226 
3.020.938 
3,057,397 
171 
19625 
GMAC Cap TR I GT0 Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
Ap. 774 
2.076_000 
2.081 600 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
29,243,622 
31,155,595 
30,390,673 
1,147,150 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
intlibli_ 
Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 d CBI var 7/25/2033 
11/19/13 
485,210 
371.276 
472.288 
457642 
86.366 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
371,276 
472,288 
457,642 
86,366 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
80,144,543 
81,548,416 
81,642,786 
1,498,244 
EFTA00811670
--- PAGE 6 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
12/31117 
1131/18 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
Advanced Micro Devices (received 0.70 from selling puts) 
9115117 
20,000 
246,012 
205,600 
274,800 
28,788 
Advanced Micro Devices (received 0.77 from selling Puts) 
12/15/17 
30,000 
366,913 
308,400 
412,200 
45,287 
Alibaba Group 
6/10/15 
5,000 
444,749 
862,150 
1,021,450 
576,701 
Apple Inc 
12/7/17 
314,000 
53,321,627 
53,138,220 
52,573,020 
-748,607 
Apollo Global Management 
3/31/11 
263,157 
4,999,983 
8,807,865 
9,407,863 
4,407,880 
Broadcom Ltd 
10/13/17 
4,000 
985,931 
1,027,600 
992,120 
6,189 
BASF ADR 
4/13/15 
5,000 
508,056 
549,400 
586,000 
77,944 
Blogen Idec Inc 
2/14/12 
2,095 
250.455 
667,404 
728.662 
478,207 
Centene Corp 
W8/14 
15,550 
986,497 
1,568,684 
1,667,582 
681,085 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
17,500 
665,000 
3,088,050 
3,270,575 
2,605,575 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
10/24/17 
4,400 
352,396 
315,218 
368,720 
16,324 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
2/5/14 
8,100 
643,204 
580,284 
678,780 
35,576 
Volkswagen AG 
4/13/15 
5,000 
254.308 
202,175 
222.200 
-32,106 
Volkswagen AG 
9/21/17 
24,000 
820,503 
970,440 
1,066,560 
246 057 
20,881 
HSBC Holdings PLC 
12/4/17 
24,800 
246,105 
257,234 
265.986 
Lonking Holdings Ltd 
12/4/17 
710,000 
253,693 
311,538 
317,724 
64.031 
Nine Dragons Paper Ho 
12/4/17 
144,000 
248,025 
230,635 
224,251 
-23.774 
ZTE Cow 
12/4/17 
70,600 
249,835 
265,077 
257,261 
7,426 
Anhui Conch Cement 
12/4/17 
52,500 
249073 
246,817 
289.308 
40,235 
Bank of China Ltd 
12/4/17 
512;000 
248,967 
251,512 
308.329 
59,362 
China Communications 
12/4/17 
224,000 
248728 
254.460 
267,497 
18,769 
1C194 
Dongfang Electric Corp 
12/4/17 
150,200 
127,069 
123,165 
143,263 
Weichai Power Co 
12/4/17 
228,000 
248,611 
249,670 
285,101 
38,490 
-13,705 
Zhuzhou CRRC Times 
12/4/17 
43,400 
253,976 
282.319 
240,271 
Nabtesco Cow 
12/4/17 
6,300 
247,324 
241,824 
297,261 
49,937 
NaspersLti
12)4/17 
laMO2
569.914 
54.448 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
67,980,504 
75,563,227 
76,737,698 
8,757,193 
Southern Financial LW - Equities (TO) 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/16/14 
25,000 
857,115 
1.705.000 
1,735,000 
877,885 
General Electric 
10/20/17 
75,000 
1,127,899 
1,308,750 
1,212„750 
806500 
84,851 
-154,006 
General Electric 
1/11/18 
50,000 
962.506 
ALPS ETF Alerian MLP 
1/12/18 
000 
500 956 
- 
490,200 
-10756 
-6,750 
Utility Sector Spider XLU 
1/12/18 
(400) 
49448 
- 
(505,296) 
Sangamo Therapeutics Inc 
5/28/13 
40,000 
337 771. 
656.000  
834.000  
496.229 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (TD) 
3,286,701 3,669,750 4,575,154 1,288,453 
Southern Twat Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
331,904 
Barclays PLC ADR 
7/18716 
100,000 
805,096 
1,090,000 
1,137.000 
Advanced Micro Devices 
8/11/17 
12,000 
144,486 
123,360 
164,880 
20,394 
ALPS ETF Alerian MLP 
1/8/18 
100,000 
1.142,710 
1,140,000 
-2,710 
Goldman Sachs 
1/25/18 
1,850 
499,873 
- 
495,597 
-4,276 
Starbux 
1/26/18 
10,000 
580,378 
- 
568,100 
-12,278 
XLF Finanacial Sector 
11/18/17 
10,000 
262,800 
279,100 
297,400 
34,600 
Credit Suisse Group 
7/18/16 
100,000 
1.137.62k 
1.785.000 
1.934.000 
796.374 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
4,572,969 3,277,460 5,736,977 1,164,008 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
Teradyne Inc 
7120117 
20,000 
704,832 
837,400 
918,800 
211,968 
XLF Finanacial Sector 
6/20/17 
8/2711
907600 
20,_000 
487,600 
558,200 
2,232,800 
594,800 
2,375200 
107,200 
355512 
XLF Finanacial Sector 
2.023.8/1 
JD Corn Inc 
8/23/17 
10,000 
419,639 
414,200 
492,300 
72,661 
224.618 
JO Corn Inc 
10/3/17 
20,000 
759,982 
828,400 
984,600 
Caesars Entertainment 
10/4/17 
30,000 
391,185 
379.500 
418,500 
27,315 
-7,750 
First Republic 
10/24/17 
1,000 
97,300 
86,640 
es 550 
Qualcom Inc 
10/11/17 
10,000 
542,890 
640.200 
682.500 
139.610 
ON Semiconductor 
6/8/17 
12,000 
200,038 
251,280 
299,880 
96,842 
Tencent Holdings 
11/2/17 
20,000 
986,280 
1,038.720 
1,183.400 
197.120 
New York Community Bancorp 
1/10/18 
40,000 
545,212 
- 
565,400 
21,188 
Cummins Inc 
1/19/18 
4,000 
755.600 
- 
752,000 
3.600 
KBW Regional Bank ETF 
11/18/17 
9,000 
503,167 
529.650 
560.700 
57,533 
ING 
4/4/17 
25,000 
373.500 
461 500 
492 500 
119.000 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
8,790,912 8,258,490 10,410,130 1,619,218 
EFTA00811671
--- PAGE 7 ---
Gratitude America, LTD . Equities (Morg 
Colony Capital->Colony Northstar Inc. 
9/26/16 
73.315 
836,524 
- 
Sequential Brands 
923/16 
50,000 
402,134 
89,000 
81,000 
-321.134 
Anheuser Busch 
1129/18 
3,500 
393,352 
397,180 
3.628 
Starbucks 
1/30/18 
5,930 
344,464 
- 
335.883 
-7,581 
General Electric 
10/23/17 
22,000 
491,068 
383,900 
355,740 
-135,328 
Bai t of America 
3/2/18 
7,500 
100,825 
221,400 
240,000 
139,175 
Tencent Holdings 
7/18/16 
12,500 
298.878 
649.000 
739.625 
940.747 
Total Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,030,722 2,179,824 2,150,428 
119,706 
Haze Trust- Equities (DB) 
AIA Group Hong Kong 
1/23/18 
59,000 
508.816 
- 
506,279 
-2.537 
China Life Insurance Co 
1/23/18 
151,000 
507,285 
- 
510,654 
3,369 
PING An Insurance 
1/23/18 
40.500 
511,931 
- 
484,243 
-27,688 
China PAC Insurance Group 
1/23/18 
95,400 
506,380 
- 
479,761 
-26.619 
Google 
12/5/17 
1,000 
014 015 
1.046.406 
1169 940 
155.825 
Haze Trust • Total Equities (DB) 
3,048,427 1,046,400 
3,150,877 
102,450 
J Epstein VI Foundation • Equities (DB) 
Bristol Myers Squibb 
10/30/15 
3,400 
227,604 
306,400 
212,840 
-14,764 
Disney 
10/30/15 
1,685 
192.114 
268.775 
1814109 
AZ& 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation • Equities (DB) 
419,718 
575,175 
395,949 
-23,769 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
90,129,953 
94,570,326 103,157,212 13,027,260 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF's (DB) 
'shares South Korea ETF 
11/3/17 
13,000 
985,997 
974,090 
1,017,120 
31,123 
Ishares China ETF 
11/3/17 
21,000 
973,747 
959 570 
105 070 
132,323 
Ishares Taiwan ETF 
11/3/17 
26,000 
987,205 
941).460 
1tickf.64o 
17,435 
Vifisdomtree Japan Hedged Equity 
12/16/13 
60,000 
&Mak 
Q 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETPSIDS) 
2,946,949 6,444,920 3,127,830 
180,881 
Southern Financial LLC - Options (DB) 
Poniard Long ARS 59.820.000 vs USD Short 3,000.000 Exp W1372016 
11/9/17 
19.94 
42,975 
-154,647 
-154,647 
Forward LaXIARS 54,870.000 vs USD Short 3,000.000 Exp 315/201$ 
12/5/17 
18.29 
-135,808 
Bomar(' Long ARS 58.381.500 vs USD Short 3.000.000 Exp 6/15/2018 
12/15/17 
19.46 
-119,841 
-228,748 
-228,748 
Long EUR 10,000.000 vs CHF Shod 11.703.000 Exp 3/1212018 
11/20/17 
1.1703 
-6,350 
-139,405 
-139,405 
Long USD 10.000,000 vs EUR Shod 8.583,591 Exp 2/20/2018 
11/20/17 
1.1650 
78,000 
10,727 
-77,916 
Long USD 10.455.000 vs EUR Short 8.500.000 Exp 4/30/2018 
1/25/18 
1.2300 
100.000 
80,688 
-19,312 
Sy100.130 Rates Curve Cap 100,C00,000 Notional 
1/12/18 Strike 0.14% 
41,000 
34,994 
22,721 
-6,806 
22.721 
USD 2 yew swap 12.800,000 Notional we pay 2.215% ti received 3 month lbw 
2.215% 
Forward Shod ARS 29.910.000 vs USD Shod 1,422.931 Exp W1372010 
1/24/18 
21.02 
709 
709 
Short GILD 75 Puts - exp Feb 16 2018 
1/9/18 
(125) 
(19,554) 
- 
(3.375) 
16.179 
Short GILD 82.5 Puts - exp Feb 16 2018 
1/9/18 
(125) 
(15,341) 
- 
(42,500) 
-27,159 
Long Ishares South Korea ETF 79 Calls - exp Feb 16 2018 
1/23/18 
132 
- 
186 
Short GE 18 Puts - exp March 16 2018 
1/19/18 
(250) 
(45,543) 
- 
(49.750) 
4207 
Long EEM 55 Calls @ 0.44 
1/17/18 
2,400 
105,606 
220800 
115194 
Long XU 80 Calls a 1.929 
1/9/18 
525 
101,289 
144,375
4106 
Long TIM( 100 Calls - exp Jan 19 2018 
10/13/17 
Short GE 18 Puts - exp Jan 19 2018 
12/5/17 
(250) 
-17,000 
Short AVGO 260 Calls - exp Jan 19 2018 
12/15/17 
(20) 
-9,340 
Short GILD 75 Puts - exp Jan 19 2018 
12/15/17 
(125) 
-44,500 
Shod AVGO 250 Calls - exp Feb 16 2018 
12/15/17 
(20) 
-29,000 
Long SPY 270 Calls - exp March 16 2018 
12/11/17 
900 
20.12I 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Options (DB) 
346,689 
-128,527 
-113,868 
-469,438 
Southern Financial LLC - Options (TO) 
Long 280 JD 40 Cans - exp 1/19/2018 
10116/17 
280 
56,645 
Long 1,000 SPY 300 Cab - exp 8/15/2018 
1/30/18 
1,000 
180.576 
Q 
155 000 
-25.576 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Options (TD) 
180,576 
56,645 
155,000 
-25,576 
Southern Trust Ca - Options BB) 
Long 1,000 EIVY 79 Calls - exp 2/16/2018 
1/24/18 
1,000 
102,130 
82,03-5 
-20,100 
long 675 SPY 295 Calls-exp 5/18/2018 
1/23/18 
675 
126.313 
Q 
lam 
Lagi 
Southern Trust Co. - Options (18) 
228,443 
- 
216,693 
(11,750) 
Southern Trust Co. • Options (Merrill) 
-
ewe swot so index due 3127/2019 stomp Si. 3538 (034,41$** Meld 73.6% 
9/25/17 ref price 3555 
2.500.000 
2,473.556 
2,547,912 
47,912 
Japan Banks Capped Note Exp Feb 1 2010 (75% barrier) 
1/25/18 
3,000,000 
2,928651 
3.107.222 
-71,349 
107.222 
S)(7E Market Plus Note Exp 4/26/2019 (72%1:order) 
10/24/17 
3,000,000 
9,878 659 
Southern Trust Co. - Options (Merrill) 
8,500,000 
5,352,216 
8,683,785 
83,785 
TOTAL OPTIONS 
9,254,588 
5,280,333 8,841,609 
(412,979) 
EFTA00811672
--- PAGE 8 ---
12/31/17 
1/31/18 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern FlnanciatfSFLLC) 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
848 101 
643 039 
3.53% 
3.53% withdraw/10mm 1110117 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
50,848,101 
52,643,039 
withdraw Haim 1131/14 
basis 40mm - s 26mm 
2016 return 3.77% 
2017 return 15.8% 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
King Street 
3.619.735 
3.619.735 
2017 return of capital 2016117 gold to date: 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
3,619,735 
3,619,735 
Old 230,7103 
4/9/16 6967,954 paid 
0/16 113,664 
MISIO 6.10024 Pal 
sna 2,710 
loam 5.196,941 pal 
1011218.370 
1127/17 3,994,644 paid 
110 4,050 
2016 return 4.50% 
Scott Shelton - IPO / Secondary Trading 
Gratitude America 
Feb 1 2018 start added 2ffen 1131114 
Total Scott Shelton - !PO / Secondary Tradl2 
Hedge Funds - STC 
Honeycomb 
308 474 
010 067 
7.00% 
7.00% added 20mm 6/31/16 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
24,308,474 
26,010,067 
2016 return 0.44% 
Total Hedge Funds 
78,776,310 82,272,841 
12017 return 21.0% 
SFL 
Mod 
Southern 
Grat 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
A
SFL 
Kyara I (repaid 100 cost + 201k profit 
Ryara II (investment amount) 
r 
250,000 
Kyara III -> 483,915 repaid 8/5/2015 
Kyara IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment (grat) 
1,000,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,000 
STC 
Seaford Avenue Capital - PB Investment -Auto Debt (total comm 2.6mm) 
346,680 
Adfin Solutions (investment amount) 
875,000 
butterfly trust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Uvingston, NJ 
3,000,000 
Coinbase via Grat 
SIC 
3,001,000 
Spotify via Honeycomb 
1,000,000 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Velar Global Fund II (amount funded vs 15mm commIttment) 
14,250,000 (9/30/2017 suet shows 3.6111,393 unread:ad gal 
Velar Global Fund III (amount funded vs 25mm committment) 
18,750,000 (9/30/2017 Witt shorn 4.327.247 unrealized gel 
Totals 
1,00%000 
3,000,000 
38,721,680 
3,001,000 
6,480,000 
Total investments 
52,202,680 
EFTA00811673
--- PAGE 9 ---
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
2,500,000 
2,500,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
250,000 
plan 0 isc 
250,000 
2008 G550 
15,750,000 
15,750,000 
Automobiles 
1,175,000 
1,175,000 
Boats 
700,000 
700,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
2,500,000 
3,000,000 
250,000 17,625,000 23,375,000 
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
JEGE Inc. 
FTRE 
Totals 
Loans Receivable 
(boon Now 100k yal tee veld 150K) 
150,000 
150,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Nick Ribis 
150,000 
150,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
Osboume Lane Capital (Paul B) 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
David Mitchell 
100,000 
1,500,000 
1,600,000 
303,262 
303,262 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
5,750,000 
5,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
Lesley 
300,000 
300,000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
Darren Indyke 
475,000 
475,000 
Richard Kahn 
475,000 
475,000 
LV Home & Other 
1,457,000 
1,457,000 
525.000 
525,000 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,504,446 
8,050,000 
950,000 2,936,262 14,440,708 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
32/3 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamond - insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
Fine Art Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 
3,050,000 
9,900,000 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
(30,500,000) 
(30,500,000) 
EFTA00811674

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811675.pdf
----------------------------------------
JJEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Po icy Number: 
Claim Numbe 
Description of Item 
Class 
Location on LSJ 
Insured Value 
Man's Patek Phillippe Watch, Silvertone Dial & 3 Subdials 
Jewelry Scheduled 
71,602 
Loose Diamond - 2.63 carats 
Jewelry Scheduled 
120,750 
Loose Diamond - 2.28 carats 
Jewelry Scheduled 
100,275 
Loose Diamond - 2.13 carats 
Jewelry Scheduled 
91,875 
Loose Diamond - 2.03 carats 
Jewelry Scheduled 
86,625 
JP Molyneux Pair of Mythological Terracota Figures 
Fine Arts Scheduled 
98,245 
JP Molyneux - Liechtenstein Desk 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
286,166 
Dupagne Bronze Sculpture 
Fine Arts Scheduled 
80,000 
Pair of White Continental Urns 
Fine Arts Scheduled 
56,644 
Jewelry Blanket 
Jewelry Blanket 
Sacco Carpet - 15' x 17' 
Fine Arts Blanket 
Flag Pole Pool 
20,400 
Sacco Carpet -10'6" x 13' 
Fine Arts Blanket 
Master Bathroom 
11,650 
Sacco Carpet -10' x 12' 
Fine Arts Blanket 
Master Bedroom 
11,760 
Sacco Carpet - 91 x 10' - rugs 
Fine Arts Blanket 
Guest Bedroom #1 
15,300 
Sacco Carpet -10' x 11'5' 
Fine Arts Blanket 
Guest Bedroom #2 
9,704 
Sacco Carpet - 10' x 11'6" 
Fine Arts Blanket 
Guest Bedroom #3 
9,775 
Sacco Carpet -15' x 15' 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
15,900 
Sacco Carpet -12' x 12' 
Fine Arts Blanket 
rn 
12,240 
Sacco Carpet-IS' x 15' 
Fine Arts Blanket 
rn 
8,075 
JP Molyneux - Office Lamp 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
21,743 
JP Molyneux - Five Palms Woodworking ?? 500,940 total cost 
Fine Arts Blanket 
blanket limit 50k-> 
50,000 
Pinto - Mural Decoration of Fresco, 1930 
135,110 cost 
Fine Arts Blanket 
blanket limit 50k-> 
50,000 
Pinto - Marble Furniture 
70,800 cost 
Fine Arts Blanket 
blanket limit 50k-> 
50,000 
Pinto - 40 Belts for Decoration 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
47,200 
Pinto - Marc Arthur Kohn - Fossilised Wood Table Top 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
9,656 
Pinto - Marc Arthur Kohn - Fossilised Wood Base 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
16,013 
Pinto - Atelier Misia - Mirror 
Fine Arts Blanket 
7?? 
4,720 
Pinto - Atelier Misia - End of Sofa Tables (2) 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
16,874 
Pinto - Dona Sol - Pair of Lamps in Black Wood 
Fine Arts Blanket 
7?? 
3,422 
Pinto - Dona Sol - Mirro of Wood and Trimmings & Blue Lamp 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
10,526 
Pinto - Degroote - Pair of Bathroom Cabinets 
Fine Arts Blanket 
rn 
26,727 
Pinto - Seigneur - Double Curtains - 6 pairs 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
22,217 
Pinto - Degroote - Pair of Oak Armoires 
Fine Arts Blanket 
m 
29,500 
Pinto - Atelier 181 - 2 Plaster Shells 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
7,670 
Pinto - Degroote & Mussy - Oak door with mirror on face 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
20,473 
Galivict Temenaga France, SA - painting by Takehlko Sugawara 
Fine Arts Blanket 
rn 
12,616 
Tajan, SA - 2 chairs 
Fine Arts Blanket 
?7? 
13,081 
ABC Broadloom - Rug 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
3,021 
Christian Dior - Dishes for LSJ 
Fine Arts Blanket 
m 
6,593 
Damien Vannieenwenhove - painting & sculpture 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
4,979 
ABC Home Furnishing 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
5,670 
Jean Pierre Secula - Chandelier 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
7,188 
Leah's Gallery - Antique Furniture 
Fine Arts Blanket 
7?? 
30,000 
Leah's Gallery - shell box with bamboo lighting 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
1,900 
Leah's Gallery - praying grey marble figure 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
5,700 
Leah's Gallery :pair of birds __ _ ___ __ _ _ _ . _ _ __ 
_ _ 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
6145 
EFTA00811675
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Po Icy Number: 0021940016 
Claim Number: 00610421 
Description of Item 
Class 
Location on LSJ 
Insured Value 
Leah's Gallery - pair of bronze trees 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
3,755 
Sad Cie Moderne - 4 sconces 
Fine Arts Blanket 
7?? 
5,025 
Simply fountain 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
4,177 
Plus Two Interiors - Teak antique chest 
58,883 cost 
Fine Arts Blanket 
blanket limit 50k-> 
50,000 
Weathertand Estate - 3 pieces 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
44,477 
Seoul Action - 2 paintings from Korea 
64,506 cost 
Fine Arts Blanket 
blanket limit 50k-> 
50,000 
Mckee Galary 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
35,250 
Anthonys Outred Antiques - oil canvas signed aimee follet 
Fine Arts Blanket 
7?? 
23,717 
Sothebys french school mid 19th century 
Fine Arts Blanket 
rn 
3,450 
Leah's Gallery - Pair of neo classic paintings 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
45,000 
Leah's Gallery - Painting of reclining nude 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
12,000 
Leah's Gallery - Painting of Seated Women against stone wall 
Fine Arts Blanket 
rn 
12,000 
Leah's Gallery - Ponce de Leon painting 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
15,000 
Pinto - Christies Sir Anthony Van Dyck 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
26,148 
Pinto - Stairs Hall 129 
Fine Arts Blanket 
??? 
28,109 
Total Loss 
1,948,726 
EFTA00811676

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811677.pdf
----------------------------------------
Richard J. Katz, M.D. 
Steven A. Albert, M.D. 
Stephen D. Greenberg, MD 
Douglas R. DeCoral°, M.D. 
Gavin L. Duke, M.D. 
Paul S. Choi, M.D. 
Sean K. Herman, M.D. 
Robert L. Ludwig, M.D. 
 EAST 
RIVER 
MEDICAL IMAGING, PC 
Timothy W. Deyer, M.D. 
James W. Brady, M.D. 
Gwen N. Harris, M.D. 
Adam a Wilner, M.D. 
Mark H. PineIt M.D. 
George Stassa, M.D. (ret.) 
Morton Schneider, M.D. (ret.) 
Alison Bender Haines, M.D. (ret.) 
5191 523 East 72nd Street • New York. NY 10021.3 East 75th Street. At Fiflh Avenue • New York. NY 10021 
430 East 59th Street. Sutton Place • New York. NY 10022 
Tel: 
BRUCE W MOSKOWITZ, M.D. 
1411 NORTH FLAGLER DRIVE 
SUITE 7100 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401 
Patient: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Exam Date: 1/30/18 
Acc No: 7103073 
Dear Dr. Moskowitz, 
CT NECK 
Clinical History: 
y/o male with elevated PTH, concern for parathyroid adenoma. 
Techniaue: 
MRN: 0315192 
Multidetector helical CT scans of the neck were performed utilizing 4D parathyroid technique, from 
the superior orbital rim to the thoracic inlet using 2.5 mm slices, prior to and during the constant 
infusion of nonionic intravenous contrast. Multiphase postcontrast dynamic imaging was employed. 
Images were reconstructed at 1.25mm slice thicknesses at 1.25mm slice intervals with coronal and 
sagittal reformats. 
Comoarisom 
Neck MRI performed 11/30/2016 
Findinas: 
The visualized brain parenchyma is normal. 
The orbital contents are partially excluded from the field of view but are grossly normal in appearance. 
The masticator spaces are normal. 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY ACC: 7103073 Exam Date: 1/30/18 DOB: 01/20/1953 
ACCESS YOUR PATIENTS IMAGES AND REPORTSC WWW.EASTRIVERIMAGING.COM 
PET/CT • HIGH FIELD MRI • OPEN MRI • MULTIDETECTOR VOLUME CT IVC7) • BONE DENSITY • NUCLEAR MEDICINE 
ULTRASOUND • DIGITAL X-RAY • CORONARY CT ANGIOGRAPHY • VIRTUAL COLONOSCOPY • CT/MR ANGIOGRAPHY 
EFTA00811677
--- PAGE 2 ---
The mastoid air cells and tympanic cavities are clear. 
Mild scattered paranasal sinus mucosal thickening is seen with areas appearing polypoid in nature. 
Findings are worse along the left frontal drainage pathway which is occluded. 
A few of the maxillary and mandibular teeth have been endodontically treated. There is a left 2nd 
mandibular molar dental implant. Small bilateral mandibular tori are present. 
The nasopharynx is normal Prominence of the bilateral palatine tonsils are seen without deep 
extension, likely reactive in nature. Punctate calcifications involve both palatine tonsils, likely reflecting 
remote inflammation. Minimal prominence of the bilateral lingual tonsils is seen without deep 
extension, likely reactive in nature. There is a tiny air-filled right internal laryngocele. The hypopharynx 
and larynx are otherwise normal. The true cords are adducted. 
The major salivary glands including the parotid, submandibular and sublingual glands are normal. 
The thyroid is mildly heterogeneous. There is a 0.5 cm enhancing nodule within the posterior right 
midpole of the thyroid. 
There are no early enhancing parathyroid nodules. No discrete parathyroid mass is present There is 
no evidence for a parathyroid adenoma. 
There is no suspicious or pathologically enlarged cervical chain lymphadenopathy. 
There is a partially imaged lipoma within the left supraclavicular fossa measuring 4.7 cm in greatest 
craniocaudad dimension and 2.5 cm in greatest AP dimension. This is unchanged. 
There is a bovine configuration of the great vessels arising from the aortic arch, a normal anatomic 
variant. There is patency of the major vessels of the neck. 
The pericervical musculature, scalene musculature and sternocleidomastoid muscles are normal 
asymmetric atrophy. 
The lung apices are clear. There is no suspicious mediastinal mass or evidence of ectopic parathyroid 
adenoma within the mediastinum on the images provided 
Multilevel cervical spondylosis is seen with disc hemiations and superimposed disc osteophyte 
complexes resulting in multilevel ventral cord impingement as well as foraminal narrowing with 
suspected cervical nerve root impingement. 
IMPRESSION 
No evidence for parathyroid adenoma. 
Mild scattered polypoid paranasal sinus mucosal thickening with an occluded left frontal drainage 
pathway. 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY ACC:7103073 Exam Date: 1/30/18 DOB: 01/20/1953 
EAST RIVER MEDICAL IMAGING, PC 
www.eastriverimagingcom 
PET/CT • HIGH FIELD URI • OPEN AIR! • MULTIDETECTOR VOLUME CT (VCT) • BONE DENSITY • NUCLEAR MEDICINE 
ULTRASOUND • DIGITAL X-RAY • CORONARY CT ANGIOGRAPHY • VIRTUAL COLONOSCOPY • CT/AIR ANGIOGRAPHY 
EFTA00811678
--- PAGE 3 ---
A 0.5 cm right midpole thyroid nodule. 
Left supraclavicular lipoma, unchanged. 
Multilevel cervical spondylosis. 
Very truly yours, 
ADAM WILNER, M.D. 
Electronically Signed By ADAM WILNER, M.D. 
Dateff ime Transcribed: 1/30/18 9:02 am 
Contrast: Omnipaque Contrast 350mg 100cc 
Creatinine 1.2mg/dI 
REPORT 
CC: 
CC PATIENT 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY ACC:7103073 Exam Date: 1/30/18 DOB: 01/20/1953 
EAST RIVER MEDICAL IMAGING, PC 
PET/CT • HIGH FIELD MR! • OPEN AIN • AMULTID£TECTOR VOLUME CT (VC7)• BONE DENSITY • NUCLEAR MEDICINE 
ULTRASOUND • DIGITAL X-RAY • CORONARY CT ANGIOGRAPHY • VIRTUAL COLONOSCOPY • (T/MRANGIOGRAPHY 
EFTA00811679
--- PAGE 4 ---
EAST 
RIVER 
MEDICAL IMAGING. PC 
519 East 72nd Street, Suite 103 
New York, NY 10021 
1: 
1-ZECkS1 v r_;.c.) 
FEB 0 5 20111 
NEW YORK 
NY 1.1.30 
FEE ':18 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS, APT B3 
SAINT THOMAS, VI 00802 
00802-134823 
FIRST CLASS 
7103073 
POSTAGE*PPNEY BOWES 
11.1 
$ 
ZIP 10021 
000.47° 
0001382394FEB 01 2010 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
EFTA00811680

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811681.pdf
----------------------------------------
/2k. 6,./ 4,6 
, 
y VW 
0L -f 
PA"- ` 17 
-ig, 4.,14 
f 
p
, :i 
S.g7rer0/ /
„.„
j 
Gl ;-, 
62,4 
CYcv 
Th0O- you for eveiryiiiin3 (jet: 
hku done ancl co-Fince 4c ctc 
-r-ry Cartes. your so 61,1
gicelecc otoc has Mc 0,. ‘t our 
mil -ft 90- Mrct,i9h ui±h
gra-YiiloY, 13e cca 
THANK 
YOU 
FOR 
EVERYTHING 
firvilk 100 So fvGn For 
hP)Pifli'5 ri
did. ("NJ e, ace. 
very _uaoif) For Yov. 
F.CO(Y) 
1-;)
S 
gcylril9LeZ. 
EFTA00811681

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811682.pdf
----------------------------------------
\i/H- NIXON 
‘7" PEABODY 
Via Federal Express 
March 30, 2018 
Mr. Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Dear Rich: 
William E. Kelly 
100 Summer Street 
Rnenn %A A Mt 0).2131 
Samuel E. Bain, Jr., Managing Partner of our client, Bainco International Investors LLC ("Bainco"), 
has informed me that he received a call on Thursday, March 29, from one of Bainco's investment 
advisory clients, Max Kohlenberg, a co-trustee of the Carol Chomsky Exempt Marital Trust and the 
Carol Chomsky Non-Exempt Marital Trust (together, "Carol Chomsky's Trusts"), reporting that you 
had communicated with him on behalf of Noam Chomsky and had advised him that Bainco and Mr. 
Chomsky had recently entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release of 
Claims (the "Settlement Agreement"). Mr. Kohlenberg told Mr. Bain that you had disclosed to him 
the subject matter of the Settlement Agreement and the amount paid by Bainco to Mr. Chomsky 
pursuant thereto. 
I am writing to remind you that Section 15 of the Settlement Agreement contains a covenant by the 
parties to keep the Settlement Agreement confidential and not to disclose to any third parties the 
Settlement Agreement or any information regarding its terms and conditions. On the assumption 
that you were acting as Mr. Chomsky's agent in making the call to Mr. Kohlenberg, the disclosure 
that you made is a direct violation of Mr. Chomsky's confidentiality obligations under the 
Settlement Agreement. 
The Carol Chomsky Trusts are active and valued clients of Bainco and your unauthorized 
disclosure to Mr. Kohlenberg has put in jeopardy Bainco's beneficial business relationship with 
those clients. 
On behalf of Bainco, we hereby demand that you immediately cease making statements to any 
third party (including Mr. Kohlenberg and Harry Chomsky, his co-trustee) regarding the 
Settlement Agreement, the terms thereof, or the claims released thereby. Without waiving any 
rights or remedies Bainco may have with respect to yesterday's breach of Mr. Chomsky's non-
disclosure obligations under the Settlement Agreement, we advise you that Bainco reserves all of 
its rights under the Settlement Agreement and intends, in the event of any further breach, to 
pursue all available remedies against Mr. Chomsky. 
46504268.8096.2 
EFTA00811682
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mr. Richard Kahn 
March 30, 2018 
Page 2 
NIXON PEABODY LLP 
ATTORNEYS AT LAM 
NIXONPEABOOY.COM 
ONIXONPEABOOYLLP 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or comments regarding this matter. 
Very truly yours, 
illiam E. Kelly 
415042684096.2 
EFTA00811683

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811684.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: CARLUZ TOYLO 
Subject: Fwd: Front Entrance Area and Retention Wall 
Date: April 17. 2018 at 9:18A 
To: Richard K 
Cc: Sella Klein 
Renato L 
Forwarded new quotes from Jim ( pavers ) . 
Carluz & Arline Toylo 
358 EL Brillo Way 
Palm Beach , FL 33480 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: James Bird 
Date: April 17, 2018 at 09:03:21 EDT 
To: CARLUZ TOYLO ecl 
Subject: Front Entrance Area and Retention Wall 
Reply-To: James Bird
tz- 300A, k 
5,4414
; weda 740,) 7%4C1-
Carluz, 
 
41-ca 13 
4r 
I have attached our Plan for both the front entrance steps and area in front of 
steps to the walkway entrance. 
This also includes removal and rebuild facing and cap of the old retaining wall the 
full length of the wall which Mr Epstein requested. 
The original plan, Replace Front Entrance, does not change and the new plan 
marked Change Order covers the retaining wall, removal of the old concrete pads 
and new field area in front of steps. 
Both copies are attached. 
Jim 
510) 
7920 a 
ho 
(No 
6tual:diq 12Q°
kto4,,,,, u.,4,/1 
goo 
19,q00 
EFTA00811684
--- PAGE 2 ---
PAYEE & MA 
LE 
Professionals 
www.Paversa ndMarble.com 
'-'9,POW ER WASH INC 
Jim — Direct #: 
Es!. 1994 
201 W. Ocean Are #3828, Lanwna FL 33465 
Install / Repair 
Clean / Seal 
PROFESSIONALS 
Work Plan & Agreement 
REPLACE FRONT ENTRANCE 
Fax: 561- 557- 8061 
Date: April 3, 2018 
E-Mail: 
Phone: 347-549-2291 Office Rich: 917-414-7584 
Subdivision: 
Customer Name: Jeff Epstein 
Property Mgr. Name: Carluz Toylo 
Address: 358 Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
O Driveway 
O Pool Area 
s Walkway 
N Patio 
S1 Other: Front Entrance and Correct Drainage Right Side of Steps to New Drain 
Service / Product 
Est. Sq. Ft. / Size 
Product Type 
REMOVE EXISTING STEPS 
REMOVE CEMENT 3 X 3 (S) (9 EACH) 
X 16 
REBUILD 3 STEPS 
WHITE FOSSIL 
INSTALL WHITE FOSSIL 
(PER SAMPLE) 
X 8 @ GUEST HOUSE 
• Installations / Extensions 
• Repair / Lift and Reset Areas Discussed 
• Sand Spaces Where and When Needed 
O Pool Remodel / Coping & Tile 
O Retaining Wall Cement Block 
• Drainage Field Created 
• Excavate As Needed 
■ Road Rock Base Material I Ton 
■ Root Clearing 
O Extra Chemical / Detergent Used for Stains 
II Work Completed to ICPI and Florida Code 
O Hot Water / Steam Clean All Surfaces 
O Strip Bad Sealer (No Guarantees) 
O Tinted Sealer Per Cust. Auth./Color Approval 
• Apply Sealer per Manufacture Spec 
II Apply with Airless Spray Guns 
O Xylene Base Acrylic Brick/Cement 
• Water Base Acrylic Marble/Stone 
O DOT Approved Filter Fabric 
• Silica Polymer Sand 100 Lbs. 
• Crushed Silica 400 Lbs. 
Items 
Description 
Amount 
REMOVE EXISTING CHIPPED AND CRACKED MARBLE FROM ENTRANCE STEPS 
REMOVE 3 X 3 MAN MADE PAVERS FROM AREA IN FRONT OF STEPS (9 PIECES) 
REMOVE TREE ROOTS AND OLD DIRT, ETC. AND INSTALL NEW DRAINAGE ROCK / GRATE 
TIE IN EXISTING DOWN SPOUT GUTTER TO NEW DRAINAGE BOX AWAY FROM STEPS 
APPROX. 4 FT RUN UNDERGROUND TO GRAVITY FEED BOX 
INSTALL AND REBUILD STEPS WITH WHITE FOSSIL WITH 18 INCH TREADS. 
MATCH EXISTING RISER HEIGHT APPROX 6 1/2 INCHES, POLISHED BULLNOSE 
$7,200 
FOR PATIO AREA AT ENTRANCE, 24 X 24 WHITE FOSSIL AND INSTALL AREA TO AND 
INCLUDING ENTRANCE TO GUEST HOUSE 
$4,400 
SAND ALL GAPS AND SPACES 
GROUT STEPS SOLID AND POWER WASH, CLEAN AND APPLY SEALER 
$1,200 
• Customer is responsible to move all furniture and items including pool fences before start date 
TOTAL 
$12.800 
• All Installations / Repairs and Sealing — 2 Year Warranty — Workmanship & Repairs — Warranty upon completion 
• Brick / Marble ordered may have efflorescence or imperfections. Manufacturers' specifications & warrantees accepted by Customer 
• New Brick or Marble ordered will be matched to the existing surfaces to the best of our ability 
• Powerwashing Professionals is not responsible for dirt in pool from cleaning, or broken sprinkler / electrical lines 
• Stains will be treated and removed 25% — 100% - No guarantee 
• Permitting, underground piping, water lines, etc. that are unknown, may require additional work and charges. 
• A deposit of $ 
is required to place on work schedule. 
Balance due day of completion. 
Agreement & Scheduling 
Email: aversandmarble ti?comeast.net 
Deposit Check /I 
Amount: 
Date: 
Paver & Marble Professionals is Authorized for the work described. 
The above conditions, specifications and prices Accepted. 
Paver & Marble Signature: Jim Bird 
Customer Signature: 
EFTA00811685
--- PAGE 3 ---
PAVER CS MARBLE 
Professionals 
www.PaversandMarble.com 
t•vg-POWERWASHING PROFESSIONALS 
Jim — Direct #: 
CHANGE ORDER 
Install / Repair 
Es!. 1994 
201 W. Ocean Ave 03828, Lantana FL 33465 
-me 
Clean / Seal 
Work Plan & Agreement 
Fax: 561- 557- 8061 
Date: April 13,2018 
E-Mail: 
Phone: 347-549-2291 Office Rich: 917-414-7584 
Subdivision: 
Customer Name: Jeff Epstein 
Property Mgr. Name: Carluz Toylo 
Address: 358 Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
O Driveway 
O Pool Area 
• Walkway 
III Patio 
• Other: Front Entrance and Correct Drainage Right Side of Steps to New Drain 
Service / Product 
Est. Sq. Ft. / Size 
Product Type 
REMOVE EXISTING STEPS 
REMOVE CEMENT 3 X 3 (S) (9 EACH) 
X 16 
REBUILD 3 STEPS 
WHITE FOSSIL 
INSTALL WHITE FOSSIL 
(PER SAMPLE) 
X 8 @ GUEST HOUSE 
• Installations / Extensions 
IN Repair / Lift and Reset Areas Discussed 
• Sand Spaces Where and When Needed 
O Pool Remodel / Coping & Tile 
• Retaining Wall Cement Block 
• Drainage Field Created 
• Excavate As Needed 
• Road Rock Base Material I Ton 
■ Root Clearing 
O Extra Chemical / Detergent Used for Stains 
• Work Completed to ICPI and Florida Code 
O Hot Water / Steam Clean All Surfaces 
O Strip Bad Sealer (No Guarantees) 
Tinted Sealer Per Cust. AuthJColor Approval 
• Apply Sealer per Manufacture Spec 
III Apply with Airless Spray Guns 
K Xylene Base Acrylic Brick/Cement 
■ Water Base Acrylic Marble/Stone 
O DOT Approved Filter Fabric 
• Silica Polymer Sand 100 Lbs. 
• Crushed Silica 400 Lbs. 
Items 
Description 
Amount 
I 
REMOVE EXISTING CEMENT PAVERS FROM STEPS TO APPROX. 12 FT X 7 FT 
REMOVE OLD RETAINER WALL (ROUNDED BRICK) FULL LENGTH IN FRONT OF GUEST 
HOUSE (APPROX. 30 FT) 
REBUILD RETAINING WALL WITH CONCRETE FOOTER AND STEEL REBAR 
INSTALL WHITE FOSSIL FACE AND CAP WITH SAME MATERIAL AS ENTRANCE AND STEPS 
INSTALL NEW BASE MATERIAL AND INSTALL 24 X 24 IN FIELD AREA IN FRONT OF STEPS 
WITH NO GAPS AND 6 X 12 BORDER. ALL TO MATCH UPPER LEVEL MATERIAL. 
(FOSSIL SHELL ROCK) 
HAUL OUT ALL CONCRETE AND DEBRIS 
• Customer is responsible to move all furniture and items including pool fences before start date 
TOTAL 
$5.600 
• All Installations / Repairs and Sealing — 2 Year Warranty — Workmanship & Repairs — Warranty upon completion 
• Brick / Marble ordered may have efflorescence or imperfections. Manufacturers' specifications & warrantees accepted by Customer 
• New Brick or Marble ordered will be matched to the existing surfaces to the best of our ability 
• Powerwashing Professionals is not responsible for dirt in pool from cleaning, or broken sprinkler / electrical lines 
• Stains will be treated and removed 25% — 100% - No guarantee 
• Permitting, underground piping, water lines, etc. that are unknown, may require additional work and charges. 
• A deposit of S 
is required to place on work schedule. 
Balance due day of completion. 
Agreement & Scheduling 
Email: pavetsandmarble(i@comcast.net 
Deposit Check 11 
Amount: 
Date: 
Paver & Marble Professionals is Authorized for the work described. 
The above conditions, specifications and prices Accepted. 
Paver & Marble Signature: Jim Bird 
Customer Signature: 
EFTA00811686

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811687.pdf
----------------------------------------
NOAM & VALERIA CHOMSKY 
CAROL CHOMSKY 
BALANCE SHEET 
Account 
Account 
Account 
Account 
Titled 
Number 
Balance 
Notes 
ASSETS 
Bank Accounts 
as of Nov 28 2017 
_ 
Bank of America - checking 
Noam & Valerie 
0000 7342 8637 
24,258 
Bank of America - savings 
Noam & Valeria 
0001 7342 6637 
370 as of Nov 28 2017 
Bank of America - checking 
T7 
ends In 9281 
as of Nov 20 2017 
Harbor One Bank- checking 
Noam & Valeria 
3560300184 
14,372 
Cambridge - savings 
?? 
Rua Unibank 
?? 
?? 
Total Bank Accounts 
39,000 
Brokerage 
Bainco - IRA 
Noam Chomsky 
A2A-950307 
2,422,197 as of Feb 28 2018 RMD for 2018 211 725 
Bainco - rollover IRA from Carol Chomsky 
Noam Chomsky 
A2A-950422 
416,035 as of Feb 28 2018 RMD for 2018 = 73,752 
Bainco - revocable trust UAD 6/15/67 
Noam Chomsky 
A2A-500094 
14,520 
as of Feb 28 2018 
Bainco - Exempt Marital Trust 
Carol Chomsky 
2,899,507 Dec 31 2017 per Bainco (includes 500k note rec) 
Bainco - Non Exempt Marital Trust 
Carol Chomsky 
148.820 as of Dec 31 2017 per Balm 
Total Brokerage 
5,901,079 
Real Estate 
984 Memorial Dive Apt 404 Cambridge MA 
Noam Chomsky 
1,108,784 as of Dec 31 2017 per Bainco 
9777 N Korte Lane Tuscon AZ 85704 Valeria Chomsky? 
Gull Haven Lane LLC 
VVedfleet home? 
es on ?? 
Total Real Estate 
, ' 
,784 
Other Assets 
500 NRI, LP 
per K-1 
8.885 capital balance as of Dec 31 2017 (cost 10k) 
372 RFID CVT (Tego Coverfible Debt) 
Noma Chomsky IRA 
25.000 as of Dec 31 2017 per Bainco 
373 RFID CVT II (Tego Covetable Debt) 
Noam Chomsky IRA 
50,000 as of Dec 31 2017 per Bainco 
Settlement Funds In DKI Escrow 
287.500 
Total Other Assets 
351,385 
TOTAL ASSETS 
8,300,248 
LJABILITIca 
Mortgage - AZ n 
Mortgage - Cambridge 
lender Boston Private 
539.000 as of Dec 31 2017 per BSc° 
Promissory Note - Cambridge to Carol Marital Trust? 
516,000 as of Dec 31 2017 per Bainco 
Credit Cards - Cid ending in 6990 
Other?? 
Income Taxes Payable 
0.000 based on 500k RMD at 30% 
Total LW:Wiles 
1,205,000 
NET WORTH 
7,095,248 
EFTA00811687
--- PAGE 2 ---
NOAM & VALERIA CHOMSKY 
INCOME STATEMENT 
Account 
Notes 
Income Sources 
Bainco - IRA 
211,725 2017 Est 672k 2016 710k 2018 RIAD . 211,725 
Bainco - rollover IRA from Carol Chomsky 
73,752 RMD for 2018 = 73,752 
Social Security 
MIT Pension 
32,206 2016 per Nick Nichols CPA email 
Royalties 
133,614 2016 2015 = 132k 
Noam Business Income 
Valeria Business Income 
Other Income 
Total Income Sources 
451,297 
Expenses 
984 Memorial Drive Cambridge MA 
Real estate taxes 
Maintenance - lawn, pool, etc 
Utilities - Telephone, Heat AC, Internet 
Misc other home expenses 
9777 N Kate Lane Tuscon AZ 
Real estate taxes 
Maintenance - lawn, pool. etc 
Utilities - Telephone. Heat AC, Internet 
Misc other home expenses 
Charity 
Gifts 
Groceries 
Income taxes payable - Federal 
Income taxes payable - State 
Insurance 
Medical 
Miscellaneous 
Mortgage Interest 
Office Rent 
Personal Care & Clothing 
Pet Expenses 
Professional Fees - Accounting 
Professional Fees - Legal 
Rent - Gull Haven Lane 
Travel 
Total Expenses 
Net Income (loss) 
EFTA00811688
--- PAGE 3 ---
No am and Paleis Chon0v 
2015 and partial 1016 
Expe risk and Travunion Summary 
IManr 
$5•552/ 
15555,9". 
2013 
34, 5042014
IN 
OUT 
NET 
IN 
OUT 
NET 
Pen59... 
Nca rn 
32,2c4 
214701
155 
Piesen 
30.5:8 
10100 
99eNdes 
Ntraien 
132.065.58 
1X44135 
Mac Wan 
»ni 
114.65 
TOI» 
fl ansten-
191175.07 
380356.63 
167,14613 
(Ir-een b5 10251 and ka Cheda•6637 
ant 
1410:000 
I4;000.Ø 
5950050 
(39.507 CO) 
lanne n is Sav I.6637 atl ka 09000137 
mint 
a 
52*) 
11~8 IC MUM 'Leid 8910180851)37 
XLC0103 
1310:003) 
lietwan LOC MIX an0 INA Chect 96137 
»Int 
Øo3 
(ron 'RADS* intouitrá 
Mee 
431.32042 
3300003 
• 
Fr Ma» NCI1~9189 
Nova 
107 
•
Wi Wiet Carol C Las« Mot/fl 
fl
ut We Ti 
1040.0 
8)8(1888:catolC100542~/*mecitolTe 
CC No041591 Maar 
INS 909 innen ets omes* lor ~na 
v51.58 
X0.0(«0 
403503 03) 
79555019 .0 080 
~Ma 
• 
1S0(100Ø 
— 
To C85*•50015~18 X8'0 "
.
Ce, Wlednwab 
~na 
am 
18181100078 
(150.1:01C0) 
tatiaann rarapio• 
Mat 
Tata 
(*41013411 40044.0 
1.1.$0.71 
5835.732.36I 
515,45148 
•640sparalnim us acoartie not ~cd 
n (N Nytmi 
Milmay 
Prees*. kano 
172.723.231 
011027) 
$m-A~Y*
880.9 
Hata
5~4_ 808S1—,.... 
96.767.04 
(IVO. SU 
151.377.721 
I 
ra.— 
..--~ 
~ani 
985« ,51 . 14905; untI, Wener 
Aaanta y • DeGre: a IK,~ 
_____
. .----
)3Ø01 
Acc995055Abritra Utdt•Gil tobedso K 
innox 
Sockkeit0808nicts-Milty U.0 
031 
(3$0.00J_____ 
v
. 
13810 
—.....(8.380
To i*/^/€8535115Y Wek. Met .54a) 
Ø0g_ 
To Mom Ownsiy Onsrldas l Tme 0198~80) 
01.403 IS) 
warwri 
TOK 
___..W03031— 
44993". 
To AUCTR 
(15.030 03) 
unbosn 
%XXX 
Wow 03 
Wilars• 
To DCLOR 
I150, 1038 
onbSe 
89_1:CC)* 
087 
unbpn 
To KMI* 
115001C0) 
9518»59 
~Nena 
Ion 
15Ø0
0) 
Ta.« 
OM» 545 
Man) 
tiefict4 t 100 Watetat (Nam &vaam) 
119,32660) 
IoN1 
13010 40 
24.921052 
180.898ce 
(1137213) 
8unåwlµ 
(11537 27) 
(3.43.0:0 
"e 
ROM 
iq 
A4 
Penanat Care 4 ~dag 
(9,02275) 
C2.332138 
Pet Comea 
4134 n_ 
thiii_m____. 
Auto 500598 
(7.32580) 
..._ 
(445535) 
855215• 15S 5 *POL 
M0721191 
Ot3338..- 
mam* 0085w 
(061$21 
---
(3.55515) 
Artmoks 
5132-12) 
(90173) 
&pin & Nome IBaMvaOMI 
11.173 Pa 
15.17133) 
0,5c• ~se 
78060 
263.2 
P•Ano ik" Ik lloolu 
(1.132 38) 
Ia») 
Nats 
' 
021 
88,15030058 
ma mercianeis 
(890-501 
(019 nu 
Rasaco, 
mat 
v/ineat ns ~er $140) 
(6.541 79] 
(3.21250) 
Law9195 RE /n 
1.4 
7901 
• 
(184.339 081 (54059442 
- 
(144.319 MI 04.341p 
:a1254th 
Tv 2014 10 80 6303526.1858 (NO" 5~4) 
Mat 
111034 UA ()litenn & I.516t15) 
Men 
19201403(N~ 3 Van) 
 3aM 
W3014 uw (Por & WW5) 
Mat 
Tv 2035 1093 OCT 950 PA5Orr mem 5 van) 
»int 
ir anS3Calert ira ta CC (CC &rom mem 
tle...
Meert 
X 3015 1051 (51 •••5 It5 ca (cc 0535-00001 OS TY) 
CatoMbei Ment 
Ton. 
yekno%5 CrOtni95 
Bric of ~a 
TOO. 
PP10(12itlala~ 
113010.00) 
149.30103) 
03~ 
91(801531
(2640:000) tanimoi 
(7573121
(21.841•131 
C25.531121 
tan SI 
EFTA00811689
--- PAGE 4 ---
Noam & Valeria Chomsky 
Income Statement 
Based on 2016 tax return and 2017 estimated tax return 
Gross Income 
Interest- Cambridge Savings Bank 
Interest- Boston Private Bank & Trust 
IRA Distributions 
Pension Distributions 
Social Security 
Noam's Business Income 
Valerie's Business Income 
Valerie's Royalties 
Total Gross Income 
Expenses 
Noam's Business Expenses 
Valerie's Business Expenses 
Deductible Medal Expenses 
Real Estate Taxes 
Personal Property Taxes 
Mortgage Interest 
Gifts to Charity 
Tax Preparation Fees 
State Income Taxes 
Federal Income Taxes 
Personal Expenses 
Personal Gifts 
Other expenses not on tax return 
2016 
1,349 
710,000 
32,206 
35,721 
133,614 
1,478 
94,625 
2017 Estimate 
unknown 
unknown 
672.000 
unknown 
unknown 
98,857 
unknown 
unknown 
1.009,018 
eipt
109,422 
16,203 
2,971 
5,824 
364 
16,469 
250 
8,000 
38,000 
I39,000 
unknown 
unknown 
unknown 
62,616 
unknown 
unknown 
unknown 
unknown 
unknown 
unknown 
unknown 
55,000 
325,000 
unknown 
unknown 
unknown 
770,857 
Total Expenses 
436,503 
442,616 
Net Income 
572,515 
328,241 
Notes 
actual as of 12/6/17 
per Anthony Amove as of 12/W17 
Only Anthony's commissions as of 12/6/17 
EFTA00811690

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811691.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Exceptional Sale I Christie's 
hups:/Avww.christies.com/salelanding/index.aspx?intsaleid=27... 
Salo 16114 
The Exceptional Sale 
April 2018, New York 
Catalogue View catalogue 
Print lot list 
Sale information 
AUCTION 
New York 
Rockefeller Center 
Apr. 11am (Lots 1- 27) 
CHRISTIE 
of 1 
4t20/18,1:51 PM 
EFTA00811691
--- PAGE 2 ---
Christie's 
CHRISTIE'S 
SALE 16114 
The Exceptional Sale 
April 2018, New York 
Sale information 
AUCTION 
New York 
Rockefeller Center 
Apr, 11am (Lots 1 - 27) 
Lots for Salo 16114 
LOT I 
A ROSSO AND GIALLO ANTICO MARBLE OIL 
LAMP 
ATTRIBUTED TO BENEDETTO BOSCHET11, ROME, 
SECOND QUARTER 19TH CENTURY 
In. (40.6 em.) high 
ESTIMATE 
$30.000 - $50,000 
PRICE REALIZED 
35I-
LOT 2 
A POLYCHROME-GLAZED TERRACOTTA BUST 
OF A YOUTH IN A FRAME OF FRUIT, 
VEGETABLES,... 
BY GIOVANNI DELLA ROBBIA (1469-1529), FLORENCE, 
EARLY 16TH CENTURY 
in. (56 cm.) diameter of terracotta frame. 13 % in. (35 
cm.) diameter of the bust relief 
ESTIMATE 
$100.000 - $150.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
LOT 3 
AN ITALIAN MAIOLICA ISTORIATO CHARGER 
(PIATTO DA POMPA) 
DATED 1637, SIGNED FRA(NCESCO) %CANTO AVELLI 
DA) R(OVIGO) 
'A In. (47 cm.) Omelet' 
ESTIMATE 
$200,000 - $400,000 
PRICE REALIZED 
4,3D 
of 6 
4/20/18, 1:51 PM 
EFTA00811692
--- PAGE 3 ---
Christie's 
S 
Lots for Sale 16114 
LOT 4 
A CHARLES II IRISH SILVER SIX PART 
DRESSING-TABLE SERVICE 
MARK OF JOHN SEGAR, DUBUN, 1685 
134 oz. (4,170 gr.) total gross weight 
ESTIMATE 
560.000 - 590.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
90/e0 
LOT 5 
A ROMAN MARBLE HERCULES 
CIRCA 1ST CENTURY B.C.-1ST CENTURY 
1/8 In. (56.2 cm.) high 
ESTIMATE 
51,500,000 - 52600.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
IVOF 501 ) 
Al
LOTS
A RUSSIAN ORMOLU AND MARBLE GUERIDON 
ST. PETERSBURG, CIRCA 1800, POSSIBLY AFTER A 
DESIGN BY ANDREI VORONIKHIN 
'A in. (76.3 cm.) high; 22 'A in. (56.5 an.) diameter 
ESTIMATE 
580.000 - 5120.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
Ito? 50t-D 
LOT 7 
A LOUIS XVI ORMOLU TABLE REGULATOR 
WITH EQUATION OF TIME AND REMONTOIRE 
THE CLOCKMAKER ROBERT ROBIN, HORLOGER DU 
ROI, PARIS, THE ENAMELLER JOSEPH 
16118 in. (41 an.) high. 8 518 in. (21.9 cm.) wide. 6'/. in. 
(72 cm.) deep 
ESTIMATE 
$100,000. $15000 
PRICE REALI 
W
 ZED 
C
LOT 8 
A MAGNIFICENT PAIR OF PAINTED POTTERY 
FIGURES OF EARTH SPIRITS,... 
TANG DYNASTY (AD 618.907) 
'A and 29 % in. (76.8 and 75 an.) high 
ESTIMATE 
$200.000- $300,000 
PRICE REALIZED, 
29) 
IC—
LOTS 
AN IMPORTANT QUEEN ANNE ROYAL SILVER-
GILT SUGAR CASKET 
MARK OF PHILIP ROLLOS, LONDON, 1710, BRITANNIA 
STANDARD 
1/81n. (13 an.) high. 8 1/8 In. (20.5 cm.) wide. 55/8 in. 
(14.2 an.) deep; 35 oz. 6 dwt (1.098 gr.) 
ESTIMATE 
520000 • 330.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
Ea 
2of 6 
4/2O/18, 1:51 PM 
EFTA00811693
--- PAGE 4 ---
Christie's 
https:/Avww.christies.comflotfinder/print_sale.aspxisaleid=27... 
Lots for Sale 16114 
LOT 10 
A GEORGE II SCARLET AND GILT JAPANNED 
BUREAU-CABINET 
ATTRIBUTED TO GILES GRENDEY, CIRCA 1740 
% in. (245 cm.) high. 42 % In. (107.5 an.) wide, 26 in. 
(66 cm.) deep 
ESTIMATE 
5200,000 - 3300.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
32y -sit 
LOT 11 
CAROLE KING'S 'MODEL M' STEINWAY PIANO 
NEW YORK, 1924 
58'% inches wide: 5 feel 7 inches long 
ESTIMATE 
$40.000 - S60.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
LOT 12 
A SET OF FOUR ROYAL LOUIS XVI GREY-
PAINTED FAUTEUILS 
BY JEAN-BAPTISTE CLAUDE SENE, SUPPLIED FOR 
THE SALLE DE BILLARD AT THE CHATEAU 
ESTIMATE 
550.000 - 560.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
4o-i 501-1)
li 
LOT 13 
A PAIR OF MONUMENTAL RESTAURATION 
ORMOLU AND PATINATED-BRONZE 
TORCHERES 
BY JEAN-FRANCOIS DENIERE, PARIS, CIRCA 1820-40 
t 10 %In. (240 an.) high. 32 Man. (82.5 an.) wide 
ESTIMATE 
5150.000 - 5250,000 
PRICE REALIZED 
LOT 14 
A RUSSIAN SILVER SOUP TUREEN, COVER 
AND STAND FROM THE GRAND DUCHESS 
OLGA... 
MARK OF NICHOLLS & PUNCKE, WITH THE 
WORKMASTER'S MARK OF CARL TEGELSTEN, ST. 
in (38.1 an) high 
ESTIMATE 
580.000 - $100.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
NO) 50L°
LOT 16 
A PAIR OF LOUIS XVI ORMOLU FIVE-BRANCH 
WALL-LIGHTS 
ATTRIBUTED TO FRANCOIS REMOND, CIRCA 1785 
in. (81.2 an.) high. 21 in. (53.3 cm.) wide 
ESTIMATE 
515O000 - 5250.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
of 6 
4/20/18, 1:51 PM 
EFTA00811694
--- PAGE 5 ---
Christie's 
Lots for Sale 16114 
LOT 16 
A MONUMENTAL LIMESTONE FIGURE OF 
POMONA WITH THE GENIE OF VERTUMNUS 
BY JEAN-BAPTISTE DUPONT (D. 1754), CIRCA 1763 
% in (202 cm.) high, overall 
ESTIMATE 
$100.000 - $150,000 
PRICE REALIZED 
LOT 17 
A SET OF FOUR LOUIS XV GILTWOOD 
FAUTEUILS 
BY JEAN-BAPTISTE CRESSON, CIRCA 1745 
ESTIMATE 
$60.000 • 5100.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
/V or )64-
pal 
LOT 18 
A FRENCH ORMOLU AND JASPERWARE-
MOUNTED MAHOGANY, TULIPWOOD, 
AMARANTH, SYCAMORE... 
BY EMMANUEL-ALFRED (OFT ALFRED II) BEURDELEY 
(1847-1919), AFTER THE 
in. (145 an.) high, 74 in. (188 an.) wide. 38 in. (97 an.) 
deep 
ESTIMATE 
5503.000 - 5800,000 
PRICE REALIZED 
©o,100 
IMP 
LOT 19 
A ROYAL LOUIS XVI ORMOLU-MOUNTED GILT-
TOOLED RED LEATHER COFFER SUPPLIED 
TO... 
in. (18 cm) high, 35 In. (89 cm.) wide. 14% in. (37.5 an.) 
deep 
ESTIMATE 
540.000 • 380,000 
PRICE REALIZED 
/0 W,4)
LOT 20 
AN ITALIAN INLAID MARBLE TABLE TOP 
ROME, CIRCA 1580.1600 
681n. (147.5 an.) wide. 44 % in. (113 cm.) deep 
ESTIMATE 
5100.000 - 5200,000 
PRICE REALIZED 
of 6 
4/20/18, 1:51 PM 
EFTA00811695
--- PAGE 6 ---
Christie's 
Lots for Sale 16114 
LOT 21 
AN EXCEPTIONAL DUTCH SILVER EWER 
BY ADAM VAN VIANEN, UTRECHT, 1619 
In. (23 crn.) high 
oz. 5 dsvt. (680 gr.) 
ESTIMATE 
- 50 
PRICE REALIZED 
3isic" 
LOT 22 
AN EARLY LOUIS XV ORMOLU CARTEL CLOCK 
AFTER A DESIGN BY JUSTE-AURELE MEISSONNIER, 
CIRCA 1736-40, WITH ASSOCIATED 
in. (134.5 cm.) high. 22 in. (56 cm.) wide 
ESTIMATE 
580.000 - 5120.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
JU0/0 0O 
LOT 23 
AN ITALIAN PIETRA DURA PANEL 
ATTRIBUTED TO THE GRAND DUCAL WORKSHOPS, 
FLORENCE, CIRCA 1610-1620 
In. (28.5 an.) high. 21 ' h. (55 cm.) wide 
ESTIMATE 
5150.000 - 5250.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
i t/ 3 lirj
LOT 24 
A PAIR OF ROYAL LOUIS XVI GILTVVOOD 
MARQUISES (TAUTEUILSMII) 
BY GEORGES JACOB, 1784 
In (84 an.) wide. overall 
ESTIMATE 
580.000 - 5120,000 
PRICE REALIZED 
111 
LOT 2$ 
A PAIR OF LATE LOUIS XVI ORMOLU AND 
PATINATED-BRONZE THREE-LIGHT 
CANDELABRA 
CIRCA 1785, THE FIGURES AFTER LOUIS-SIMON 
BOIZOT 
%In (108 an.) Ngh, 14 In. (36cm.) wide 
ESTIMATE 
570.000 - 5100.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
LOT 26 
A BRONZE AND WHITE MARBLE BUST OF 
EMPEROR LUCIUS VERUS 
ATTRIBUTED TO LUDOVICO LOMBARDO (CIRCA 
1509-1575), CIRCA 1550 
'A In. (77.5 cm.) high, overall. 25 'A In. (84.8 cm.) high. 
the bust 
20'A In. (51.4 cm.) wide 
ESTIMATE 
5200,000 - 5400.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
2}4/ 
$o16 
4/20/IS, I:51 PM 
EFTA00811696
--- PAGE 7 ---
Christie's 
Lots for Sale 16114 
LOT 27 
DANIEL CRAIG'S PERSONAL ASTON MARTIN 
A 2014 'CENTENARY EDITION' VANQUISH NUMBERED 
007 
184.72 in. (4692 rnm.) long. excluding number plate plinth 
75.28 in. (1912 mm.) wide (excluding door mirrors); 81.38 
In. (2067 mm) wide (Including door minus) 
50.95 in. (1294 mm.) high 
ESTIMATE 
$400.000 - $600.000 
PRICE REALIZED 
Lt W DLiu 
The currency wow:tram rates on 
are updated dabs. My convey on 018 pre-seta OStITI8t8 or price realized Inn a currency different 
from that c4 the saleroom site is solely for your convenience. Errors may cccw in such conversion and currencies fluctuate. We do not accept talably 
for wch errors a Ow:Wilco; or for any rdlance you a others moy have on Mo converted currency amounts. Al PUICAJMO rural be mode in the 
currency of Me country where the saleroom is located. 
of 6 
4/20/18, 1:51 PM 
EFTA00811697

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811698.pdf
----------------------------------------
PER MILLIE AS OF 2-22-2018 
Local 
Cash 
Exchange 
US 
Entity 
Currency 
Distributions 
Rate 
Dollars 
US 
2,870,175 
USD 
2,870,175 
UK 
3,253,075 
Pounds 
1.36 
4,424,182 
France 
626,266 
Euros 
1.20 
751,519 
Italy 
RK estimate-> 
3,500,000 
Euros 
1.20 
4,200,000 
212 Division 
55,576 
USD 
55,576 
Metier 
153,384 
USD 
153,384 
Cash as of 2-22-2018 
10,458,476 
12,454,836
Cash as of 9-30-2017 Per Golden Gate Analysis 
16,271,585 
Difference 
(3.816,749) 
EFTA00811698

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811699.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ending 
Claxon Inc. Claxon Inc. 
Total for Next Mana ement LLC 
Ordinary 
Cash 
Cash as % 
Capital 'Shareholder Ownership Nonrecourse Recourse 
Total 
K-1 Year 
Income 
Distributions of Ord Inc 
Account 
Salary 
Percentage 
Debt 
Debt 
Debt 
2008 
1,406,473 
1,428,000 
102% 
1,121,685 
124,988 
42% 
9,144,329 
32,060 
9,176,388 
2009 
319,747 
588,000 
184% 
963,554 
156,032 
42% 
9,425,362 
32,060 
9,457,421 
2010 
514,139 
162,224 
32% 
687,102 
68,438 
42% 
12,338,695 
770,721 13,109,417 
2011 
897,176 
943,464 
105% 
218,752 
65,738 
42% 
12,285,519 
1,168,362 13,451,881 
2012 
714,795 
498,597 
70% 
674,317 
199,894 
42% 
11,629,305 
1,368,357 12,997,662 
2013 
951,223 
630,000 
66% 
250,220 
203,556 
42% 
13,909,538 
1,597,831 15,507,169 
2014 
871,460 
420,000 
48% 
777,664 
(100,911) 
42% 
15,512,171 1,826,355 17,338,526 
2015 
1,014,678 
1,260,000 
124% 
492,058 
21,336 
42% 
14,614 260 
1,485,124 16,099,383 
2016 
973,188 
945,000 
97% 
520,246 <- all numbers per Millie excel schedule 
2017 
247,886 
840,000 
339% 
310,245 <- all numbers per Millie excel schedule 
7,910,763 
7,715,285 
Matt 
@ 25% 
1,977,691 
5,737,594 <-net cash received 
© 30% 
2,373,229 
5,342,056 <-net cash received 
a 35% 
2,768,767 
4,946,518 <-net cash received 
EFTA00811699

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811700.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 Global Inc Statement. WW in USD 
NY 
nall 
CA 
IT 
TWO12 
METIER 
TOTAL ' 
Revenue 
Revenue - Female 
9,102,497 
1,715,131 
2,735,257 
4,106,232 
5,169,755 
22,828,872 
Revenue - Male 
327,985 
384,903 
580,276 
1,418,017 
227,297 
2,938,478 
Revenue - Elms 
889.488 
12,824 
902,313 
Agency Fees - Next Pads Direct 
25,214 
25,214 
Revenue - Influencers 
312,002 
723,044 
1,035.047 
Revenue - Chefs 
320,413 
320,413 
Revenue - Metier 
1,642,906 
1,642,906 
Events, Spons. & Consulting 
103,938 
103,938 
Talent Revenue 
896,414 
194,685 
195,346 
5,755 
1,292,200 
Commission Inc/Exp 
-1.364,897 
-209,678 
-375.515 
-732,201 
-489,059 
-3 171 349 
Misc. Income—
918,315 
23,968 
50,607 
91,769 
-16,107 
346,253 
564 
1,415.391 
Overhead Reimbursement 
1.345,783 
1,345,783 
Revenue 
12,452,802 
1,914,345 
3,921,180 
5,079,163 
4,897,640 
770,605 
1,643,470 
30,679,204 
Expenses 
Total Scouting Expenses 
2,573,004 
33.333 
145,859 
258.053 
284,197 
3,294,446 
Total Sales Expenses 
7,417,388 
989,664 
2,116,988 
2,680,929 
2,321,122 
418,332 
1,165.745 
17,110,149 
Total Administrative Expenses 
3,380,205 
336,504 
705.198 
2.267,840 
2,204,964 
197,586 
304,922 
9,397,219 
Total Expenses 
13,370,677 
1,359,501 
2,968,045 
5,206,822 
4,810,284 
615,918 
1,470,667 
29,801,814 
Net Income (loss) 
-917.775 
654,844 
963,136 
.127.669 
87,356 
Pn54,686 
172,803 
877,390 
(a) Add Back Talent Advisor's Consulting Fees 
514,965 -514,965 
Allocation of Direct Fees 
-25.214 
25,214 
Adjusted Income 
-942.989 
564,844 
963,136 
387,306 
-402,395 
154,686 
172,803 
y377,390) 
Billing is accrued monthly, certain expenses are accrued on a quarterly basis. (US commissions are accrued monthly starting Feb.) 
Rates of exchange E1 = $1.2888; E1 = 61.1303 
FR= PARIS + FRENCH BRANCH 
42±/dE. • g in
tgA4
Miscellanous Income for Two12 includes gain on APA 
060.000
a) For 2017 TA. consulting fees consists of €200K annual fees 
and €200K bonus(pd in Sept 2017) and incentive award for prior year $62,845(pd in Oct 2017) 
ao arowel/O 
gival-dpeAcidiems, 
2-0116
41q bi g26. ,AlcovAe 
co or 9-b-20/7 
EFTA00811700
--- PAGE 2 ---
Next - Consolidated 
Confidential DRAFT 
FY 2012 
FT 2013 
FY 
FY 
FY 2014 
% 2015 
FT 
FV 
FT 2016 
1914 - ON 2017 
I 
py 0) 
Tpal ROVenth3 
P*y % 4%0% 
85,664,992 
56A65.099 
$ 
93.401,567 
42.510.049 
$ 
100,744,372 
86,674,447 
$ 
110,017,377 
71440,671 
S 
111,942,926 
72.917.343 
41. :113,878,196 
76461,023 
Net Revenue 
Ela111110 
Total Scouting ~it 
0/Nit %maws 
%of Tow Revenue 
Tow Sales Expenses 
% of Net Revenue 
of TOW Revenue 
Total Aemsgstrareo %%Nei 
%et Net Revenue 
% of Total Retinue 
28,779,893 
2,744,616 
95% 
3.2% 
14,652,218 
50.9% 
27.2% 
7,940,417 
27.7% 
9.3% 
S 
30,873,498 
3,429.944 
11.1% 
3.7% 
15,571,377 
50.4% 
16.7% 
9.055,194 
29.3% 
92% 
34,069,725 
3,344,166 
9.8% 
3.3% 
17,728,928 
57.0% 
27.6% 
10,141,880 
29.8% 
10.1% 
$ 
37,176,698 
3,347,002 
9.0% 
3.0% 
19,038,120 
51.2% 
17.3% 
31,511,226 
320% 
20sis 
S 
39,030,583 
3,121,335 
8.0% 
22% 
20,6244239 
52.8% 
28.4% 
11,616,465 
29.8% 
10.4% 
$ 
41,917,173 
3.287,407 
7.8% 
2.8% 
20,879,87* 
49.8% 
27.6% 
22,001,062 
28.6% 
10.2% 
Total Operating &pants 
25,377,321 
28,056.515 
31,216,974 
33.896,426 
35,358,310 
.168. 
Net Inceamt 
% OF Net &WNW! 
% of Tow Revenue 
$ 
3,402,572 
11.8% 
4.0% 
$ 
4816,982 
21% 
3.0% 
2,852,751 
8.4% 
2.8% 
$ 
3,280,270 
8.8% 
3.0% 
S 
3,672,273 
9.4% 
3.3% 
$ 
5,748,826 
13.7% 
4.8% 
plus: DM 
aka: Intent 
plus: Taxes 
Plus: Fore GOWL00% 
Plus: Etoar0 Fees 
plus: Consueng Fees 
plus: Exturordinary Charges 
88570* 
4,240,210 
$ 
4,050,697 
$ 
4,263,517 
$ 
5,219,313 
$ 
5,153,162 
$ 
7,202,547 
%flee Revenue 
14.7% 
13.1% 
12..5% 
14.0% 
13.2% 
17.2% 
% of Tow Revenue 
4.9% 
4.3% 
4.2% 
4.7% 
4.6% 
6.2% 
254,959 
294.244 
211,160 
292,645 
45,154 
170,200 
( 97,743 ) 
( 63,631 ) 
( 56,780 ) 
( 83,750 ) 
( 61,273 ) 
( 44606 ) 
235,250 
632,625 
535,953 
821,441 
693,021 
760,795 
130,806 
8,000 
351,118 
114,815 
369,672 
245,334 
295,103 
295,363 
295,383 
295,343 
295,383
403,385 
18,980 
66,574 
56,991 
105,054 
139,472 
28,675 
COrelant FX at current extharos rats. 
(1) Italy Nang" LTM as .31~16 (Dec not 'NNW% 
Page 1 of 9 
Consolidated P4
 (Incl.,27.2) 
.1,1350,3V0 
7.4%O 
104,072 
5.3% 
259,389 
1.3% 
344,576 
3.3% 
814037 
2.3% 
2,07-,553 
56.5% 
124,946 
276.1% 
14,667 
NM 
67,774 
9.8% 
(124,357) 
(33.6%) 
(0)
<DIM) 
NM 
(310,797) 
(79.4%) 
EFTA00811701

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811702.pdf
----------------------------------------
NOAM & VALERIA CHOMSKY 
INCOME STATEMENT 
, 
Notes 
2017 Expenses per Valerie 
Agency (anthony arnove jan - oct only) 
62,616 
Books & Subscriptions 
6,000 
Cable, Phone, Internet, Hotspot 
7,000 
Cambridge Apt Fee 
16,908 
Cambridge Apt Mortgage 
45,843 
Cambridge Home Repairs 
45,000 
Cambridge Sales Expenses 
33,000 
Car Financing 
4,938 
Electricity 
703 
Forms and City Taxes 
497 
Health 
30,000 
Insurance - home and car 
3,374 
Moving Expenses 
30,000 
Office & Professional Expenses 
40,000 
Professional Fees - Accounting 
9,400 
Professional Fees - Legal 
83,864 
Solar Panel 
37,000 
Taxes 
260,000 
Tucson Mortgage (June - december 2017) 
18,280 
Tucson Office Renovation 
40,850 
Wellfleet 
655 
Total Ex senses 
713,311 
EFTA00811702
--- PAGE 2 ---
NOAM & VALERIA CHOMSKY 
CAROL CHOMSKY 
BALANCE SHEET 
Account 
Account 
Account 
.I 
Account 
Titled 
Number 
Balance 
Notes 
AspEis 
Bank Accounts
Bank of America - checking 
Noam & Valeria 
0000 7342 6637 
24,258 as of Nov 28 2017 
Bank of America - savings 
Noam & Valeria 
0001 7342 6637 
370 as of Nov 28 2017 
Bank of America - checking 
ends In 9261 
Harbor One Bank- checking 
Noam & Valeria 
3560300184 
14.372 as of Nov 20 2017 
Cambridge - savings 
7? 
?? 
Itua Unibank 
7? 
?? 
Total Bank Accounts 
39,000 
Brokerage 
Bainco - IRA 
Noam Chomsky 
A2A-950307 
2,422,197 as of Feb 28 2018 RMD for 2018 a 211.725 
Bainco • rollover IRA from Carol Chomsky 
Noam Chomsky 
A2A-950422 
416,035 as of Feb 28 2018 RMD for 2018 a 73.752 
Bainco • revocable trust UAD 8/15/67 
Noam Chomsky 
A2A.500094 
14,520 
as of Feb 28 2018 
Bainco - Exempt Marital Trust 
Carol Chomsky 
2,899,507 Dec 31 2017 per Bainco (includes 500k note rec) 
Bainco - Non Exempt Marital Trust 
Carol Chomsky 
148.820 as of Dec 31 2017 per Bainco 
Total Brokerage 
6,901,079 
Real Estate 
984 Memorial Drive. Apt 404 Cambridge MA 
Noam Chomsky 
1,108,784 as of Dec 31 2017 per Bainco 
9777 N Korte Lane Tuscon AZ 85704 Valeria Chomsky? 
Gull Haven Lane LLC 
Wellfleet home? 
900.000 n 
Total Real Estate 
2,008,784 
Other Assets 
500 NRI, LP 
per K-1 
8,885 capital balance as of Dec 31 2017 (cost 10k) 
372 RFID CVT (Togo Covertible Debt) 
Noam Chomsky IRA 
25,000 as of Dec 31 2017 per Branco 
373 RFID CVT II (Tego Covertible Debt) 
Noam Chomsky IRA 
50.000 as of Dec 31 2017 per Bainco 
Settlement Funds in DKI Escrow 
267.500 
Total OtherAssets 
351,385 
TOTAL ASSETS 
8,300,248 
LIABILITIES 
Mortgage - AZ ?? 
Mortgage - Cambridge 
lender Boston Private 
539,000 as of Dec 31 2017 per Bainco 
Promissory Note - Cambridge to Carol Marital Twat ? 
516,000 as of Dec 31 2017 per Bainco 
Credit Cards - Citi ending in 6990 
Other ?? 
Income Taxes Payable 
150.000 based on 500k RMD at 30% 
Total Liabilities 
1,205,000 
NET WORTH 
7,095,248 
EFTA00811703

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811704.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front: Jeevacation 
Subject: Fwd: Temp Address 
Uate. July 20, 2010 11:14: 7 AM 
T 
To: Jack Goldberger 
Darren Indyke 
• 
I AllaChment 51.4 KB 
Sent from my Phone 
Begin lonvarded message: 
From: <IAnxxIL(Wobso ern> 
Dat 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Temp Address 
Mt Epstein. 
AM EDT 
>, Martin Weinberg 41... 
ms is a losow iv to our previous phone calls and address verification visits. You have changed your per inwien4 addie>> to p in US Virgin Islands and 
nave retained n temporary address in Palm Beach County. 
If you are going to be in Palm Beach County for more than 5 days please register al the stockade. 
If it is going to be less than 5 days a courtesy call Or email would be appreciated. 
Since you have a temporary address you are registered here until you remove that address from your registration. 11 you are in Florida during we month of 
re-registration please go 10 the stockade Otherwise you are not required 10 ro-regisler 
Thank you for you, diligence in registering properly it makes law enlorcements job easier or more manageable. 
Detective Larry Wood 
Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office 
Sexual Predator/ Offender Tracking Unit, SPOT 
Florida Regional Fugitive Task Force 
3228 Gun Club Road 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33406 
Office: 
Cell: 
FAX: 
4'11 
• 
',WIN threrStIrTrrTrjry-rt 
EFTA00811704

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811705.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
4/30/2018 
EFTA00811705
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS -APRIL 30, 2018 
3/31/18 
4/30/18 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
108,529,600 
93,225,893 
(15,303,707) 
Fixed Income 
73,511,947 
80,123,947 
6,612,000 
Equities 
120,961,675 
126,464,427 
5,502,752 
Equity ETF's 
980,850 
982,800 
1,950 
Options 
-485,652 
-116,621 
369,031 
Hedge Funds 
83,368,270 
84,468,702 
1,100,432 
Investments 
51,598,855 
51,568,855 
(30,000) 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
22,875,000 
22,875,000 
- 
Loans Receivable 
14,684,408 
14,784,408 
100,000 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
9,900,000 
9,900,000 
-
Loan Payable - BJAV 
(30,500,000) 
(30,500,000) 
-
Total Assets 
455,424,953 
453,777,410 
-1,647,543 
Cash Activity - Items over 45.000 
DB - Sold 6500 FB @ 160.882 
1,045,443 
Butterfly Trust - sale of Celmins 
732,995 
King Street Distributions (2) 37,263 & 374,259 
411,522 
DB - Sold Barclays 7.75% - redeemed early by bank 
300,000 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions - per brokerage stmts 
235,000 
DB - Enhanced Sold 1,000 DIS @ 100.47 
100,472 
LSJE - NGS Power - 2 generators 
(46,325) 
LSJE - Ford 450 Truck 
(67,165) 
JEGE - GIV - 24 month inspection 
(70,218) 
ML - Bought SPX Index Call with 2950 KO - Strike 2800 exp 9/21/2018 
(95,999) 
Plan D - G550 International Jet (eric roth) - interior work 
(100,000) 
SFL Loan - Bella Klein 
(100,000) 
Legal Fees - Steptoe & Johnson 
(100,000) 
ABC Nursery Plants 
(123,304) 
301 East 66th Street - 2017 annual charges 
(202,840) 
Miscellaneous 
(206,053) 
Legal Fees - Link Feb 2018 
(226,688) 
Legal Fees - Link March 2018 
(250,000) 
MS - Gratitude Bought 1200 Equinox Inc @ 410.65 
(492,775) 
EFTA00811706
--- PAGE 3 ---
MS - Gratitude Bought 5200 Microsoft @ 95.58 
(497,008) 
DB - Bought 10,000 QCOM @ 60 
(600,412) 
IB - Bought 4000 Broadcom @ 250.52 
(1,002,093) 
DB - Bought 1000 GOOG @ 1005 
(1,004,634) 
IB - Bought 10,000 NXP Semi @ 102.9 
(1,028,951) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,110,000) 
DB - Bought 31,348 CD Projeckt @ 35.53 
(1,113,904) 
DB - Bought 2,000,000 Republic of Argentina @ 0.63 
(1,259,388) 
DB - Bought 1000 AMZN @ 1,395 
(1,395,441) 
DB - Bought 2,000,000 Assurant Inc Fixed to Float 7% exp 3/27/2048 
(2,042,339) 
ML - Bought 5,000,000 Treasury bill 
(4.993,603)
Total Cash Activity - Items over 45,000 
(15,303,707) 
EFTA00811707
--- PAGE 4 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan Interactive 
TO 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Merrill 
Stanley 
Broken 
*mu* 4e 
Totals 
Cash 
Haze Trust 
52,954,353 
52,954,353 
The 2017 Colsonlir Trust 
13,471,910 
13,471.910 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
5,119,381 
430,348 
299.452 
621,746 
2.701.329 
9,172.256 
JEE 
4,659,712 
128,113 
7,027 
4,794,852 
Southern Financial LLC 
3,479,656 
1,258,115 
4,737,771 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
474,093 
221,406 
1.616.722 
2,214221 
Jeepers Inc. 
1,529,822 
7,309 
1,537.131 
LSJE LLC 
242.993 
753,125 
240,178 
1.226.296 
Butterfly Trust 
733,265 
733,265 
Plan 0 LLC 
485,885 
485.885 
363.758 
Southern Country International LTD 
363,758 
JEGE LLC 
346,590 
346.590 
Zona Management LLC 
276 481 
276,481 
NES LLC 
1991.947 
199.947 
Enhanced Education 
8,830 
121,014 
129.844 
Thomas World Air LLC 
111,516 
111,516 
Neptune LLC 
88,881 
88,881 
JEE - Paris (US 3) 
72,214 
72214 
Nautilus Inc. 
54,887 
54,887 
Hyperion Mr LLC 
51,300 
51,300 
FT Real Estate 
42,785 
42,785 
Laurel Inc. 
37,129 
37.129 
Cypress Inc. 
29,686 
29.686 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
22,812 
22,812 
Michelins Transportation Co LLC 
22,736 
22,736 
Maple Inc. 
18,256 
18,256 
JEGE Inc. 
9,078 
9.078 
Great St Jim LLC 
817 
8,817 
LSJ LLC 
t?.1-50 
5,150 
Mort Inc 
4,853 
4,853 
FSF LLC 
637 
837 
IGO Company LLC 
390 
390 
The JEE life ins Trust 83 
206 
206 
Total Cash 
84,127,236 
2,379,874 
378,693 
240,178 
621,746 1,518,722 2,701,329 1,258,115 93,225,893 
EFTA00811708
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
3131/18 
4130118 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
Citibank Preferred Ser C 5.8% 
10/28/14 
033 
180 739 
246 419 
237,103 
364 
'Wank Preferred Ser 
5.8 
10129/14 
150,987 
3.870.430 
3,837,581 
3,908. 97 
Citibank Preferred Sec K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000 
1,999,419 
2,214,370 
2,173290 
173871 
-316458 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/302049 
05110/11 
3,000,000 
3,337,958 
3,114,050 
3,0a500 
JP Morgan Floating Rate Income fund 
01/22/13 
248,355 
2.482.548 
2.326.698 
2.337,cgo 
12,578,81.0 
-145.54 
-92,285 
Total Haze Trust - Fixed income (DB) 
12,671,095 
12,739,118 
Jeepers - Fixed income (DB) 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
02/13/13 
186,044 
85B 728 
1.742.946 
750 678 
-106 050 
Total Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,856,728 
1,742,945 
1,750,678 
-106,050 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Citizens Communications 7.125% Matures 3/15/2019 
10/02/17 
1,000,000 
997,322 
1,001,917 
1,003,906 
6.584 
Plains All America 6.125% 
10/10/17 
500,000 
501.3111 
494.069 
NOM 
-1.095 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
1,498,703 
1,495,986 
1,504,192 
6,489 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
Buckeye Partners Fixed to Float 6.375% Caiabee 1/22123 
1/25/18 
1,000,000 
1,018,753 
1,001,969 
992,774 
-25,979 
Royal eank Scothend 7.64% Fixed to 9-29.2017 then 3M Libor *23299 
11/10/15 
5,000,000 
5.2.93,194 
5.037.500 
5,054.222 
-244.142, 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
6,317,157 
6,039,469 
6,046,996 
-270,161 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
Bank of America 5.88% Pfd Dec 2051 
03/08/18 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
1,006,310 
1,00t670 
7,670 
Kindred Healthcare 8% 1/1512020 
10/13/16 
3,000,000 
3,041.990 
3,226,917 
3,284,417 
242,427 
LSCCOM 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
2,850,000 
2,773,650 
2,833,273 
2,733,181 
-40,469 
US Treasury Bill Due 5/3/2018 
04/04/18 
5,000,000 
4,993,603 
4,999,550 
5.947 
Plains All America Pipekne 
10/04/17 
1,000 
1.000 000 
969.499 
977.992 
:2290 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
12,809,243 
8,035,998 
13,002,810 
193,567 
Southern Trust Ca - Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers) 
Capkal One 5.55% Fixed to 9.1.2020 then 380 over 3 mo libor 
5/14/15 
3,000,000 
3,009,819 
3,105,000 
3,142,500 
132,682 
Charles Schwab 6.0% Preferred 325 par 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000.000 
1,041,600 
1,039,600 
39,600 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 
3,000,000 
3.123.122 
3,127,500 
3,135.750 
12,628 
Goldman Sachs 5.375% Fixed to 5-10-2020 then 392.2 over 3 mo itor 
6/4/15 
5,000,000 
5,034,346 
5,154,050 
5,243,750 
209,404 
NGL Energy Partners 9% 525 par 
6/6/17 
40,000 
1.000.000 
930.208 
953.200 
-46,800 
Se 
an 7.875% Preferred $25 par 
08/04/16 
4,995 
124875 
115.634 
117.033 
7-842 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers) 
13,292,162 
13,473,992 
13,631,833 
339,671 
Southern Financial LW - Fixed Income (DB) 
Bank of America 8.125% PM Dec 29 2049 
1/10/11 
2,000,000 
2,079,598 
2,069,389 
2,078,479 
-1,117 
Assurant Fixed to Float 7% March 2048 
3/29/18 
2,000,000 
2.039,973 
- 
2,096,713 
56,740 
Barclays Bank PLC 7.75% 4/10/2023 
4/3/13 
300,000 
- 
311,104 
- 
CM- ou - Inc - Series 0 5.95% 
8/6/15 
000,003 
3.001),006 
3,131,588 
3,138,438 
138,432 
itizens•ommunications 7.125 
Mar 15 2019 
10/3/17 
1.000.737 
1,001,917 
1,003,906 
3.169 
1,000,000 
Exelainter LLC 0% J 
2023 
10/24/17 
2,000,000 
1,940,506 
2,064,722 
2,080,833 
120,327 
12/3/15 
2469,000 
2.175.016 
2,275.869 
2259,135 
84,119 
GMAC Cap TR I GTD PM Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
1.882,774 
2,078,000 
2,127,200 
244,428 
JBS Investments 7.25% April 3 2024 
10/31/17 
2,000,000 
1,981,300 
2,058,292 
1,982,775 
1,475 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2.887,500 
2,595,042 
2,518,750 
-168.750 
JP Morgan Chase & Co PM 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2,675,000 
2,595,042 
2,518,750 
-156,250 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
9/28/17 
326,566 
3.072.943 
3,059,416 
3,072,989 
LBG Capital 7.5% 1229/49 
5/21/13 
1,903,000 
1,948,500 
2,063,962 
2,066,420 
117,920 
Service Master 7.25% Mar 1 2038 
10/20/17 
1,000,000 
1.039.620 
1.010,792 
1,009,382 
-30,238 
Southern Cat Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3,000,000 
2.996137 
3210.250 
3,226.354 
230.217 
Total Southern Financial LW - Fixed Income (DB) 
30,519,608 
29,533,884 
31,160,124 
640,516 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
OtaxMa_ 
Washin on Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 ci CBI var 7/25/2033 
11/19/13 
483,267 
366,648 
450.555 
448.504 
81.856 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
366,648 
450,555 
448,504 
81,866 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
79,331,343 
73,511,947 
80,123,947 
792,604 
EFTA00811709
--- PAGE 6 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
3/31/18 
4/30/18 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
Advanced Micro Devices 
12/15/17 
50,000 
612,925 
502,500 
544,000 
-68,925 
Amazon 
4/2/18 
1,000 
1.395,441 
1,568,130 
170,689 
Alibaba Group 
6/10/15 
5,000 
444,749 
917,700 
1,017,330 
572,581 
Alphabet Inc 
4/2/18 
1,000 
1,004.634 
1.017,330 
12,696 
Apple Inc 
1217/17 
314,000 
53,321,627 
52,682,920 
51,891,640 
-1,429.987 
Apollo Global Management 
3/31/11 
263.157 
4.999.983 
7.794.710 
7.589,448 
2.589.465 
BASF ADR 
4/13/15 
5,000 
508,056 
507,800 
521,000 
12,944 
Berkshire Hathaway 
2/5/18 
1,852.362 
1,794,600 
1,743,900 
-108,482 
Berkshire Hathaway 
3127/18 
2,707,938 
2,691,900 
2,615.850 
-92,088 
Biogen Idec Inc 
2/14/12 
2,095 
250,455 
573,653 
573,192 
322737 
701,922 
Centene Corp 
9/8/14 
15,550 
986,497 
1,661,829 
1,688.419 
Facebook Inc 
5/17/12 
6,500 
1,038,635 
General Electric (exercise of puts sold at 18) 
2/24/18 
25,000 
405,493 
337,000 
351,750 
-53,743 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
10/24/17 
12,500 
995,600 
942,375 
902,875 
-92,725 
Nintendo 
2/5/18 
10,000 
517,906 
555,100 
524,800 
6,894 
-71,718 
Qualoomm Inc 
4118/18 
10,000 
581,718 
510.000 
Ubisoft Entertainment 
3/29/18 
11,200 
974,199 
943,701 
1,072445 
98,246 
CO Projekt - Poland 
3/29/18 
41,348 
1,445.508 
319,462 
1,413.oes 
27,578 
Republic of Argentina 
4/13/18 
1,000,000 
1,259,388 
- 
1,177,293 
-82,095 
IISBC Holdings PLC 
12/4/17 
24,800 
246,105 
233,839 
248,693 
2,588 
Lonking Holdings Ltd 
12/4/17 
710,000 
253.693 
302,161 
325.686 
71,993 
Nine Dragons Paper Ho 
12/4/17 
144,000 
248.025 
215,409 
217,246 
-30,779 
ZTE Corp 
12/4/17 
70,600 
249.835 
229,842 
230.294 
-19,541 
Anhui Conch Cement 
12/4/17 
52,500 
249,073 
285,976 
330,464 
81,391 
Bank of China Ltd 
12/4/17 
512,000 
248.987 
275,307 
280,528 
31,561 
China Communications 
1214117 
224,000 
248,728 
230,047 
259,733 
11,005 
tonglang Electric Corp 
12/4/17 
150,200 
127.069 
116,935 
117.893 
-9,176 
Weichai Power Co 
12/4/17 
228,000 
246,611 
255,653 
266,114 
19,503 
Zhuzhou CRRC Times 
1214/17 
43,400 
253,976 
210,139 
231,432 
-22,544 
Nabtesco Cal) 
12/4/17 
6,300 
247,324 
241,424 
227,712 
-19,612 
Naspers Ltd 
12/4/17 
2,000 
515.466 ....gi2§2 
490.281 
-25.185 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
77,399,351 
76,348,886 
80,008,584 
2,807,213 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (TO) 
Foundation Medicine Inc 
1/18/14 
25,000 
857,115 
1,968,750 
1,908,750 
1,051,635 
General Electric 
10/20/17 
75,000 
1127,899 
1011,000 
1,055,250 
-72649 
-259,008 
General Electric 
1/11/18 
50,000 
'962,506 
674,000 
703,500 
ALPS ETF Aktrien MLP 
1/12/18 
40,000 
500,956 
402,910 
434,300 
-66,656 
Utility Sector Spider XLU 
1/12/18 
(9,900) 
(499,546) 
(500,247) 
(510,444) 
-10,898 
Sangamo Therapeutics Inc 
5/28/13 
40,000 
337 771 
760.400 
QUM 
ULM 
936,655 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (1V) 
3,286,701 4,316,413 
4,223,356 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
Advanced Micro Devices (exercise of puts sold at 12) 
3116(18 
40,000 
462716 
402,000 
435,200 
-27,516 
ALPS ETF Aledan MLP 
1/8/18 
100,000 
1,14710 
1,102,520 
1,010,000 
-132,710 
ALPS ETF Alerian MLP 
3/9/18 
50,000 
511,069 
551,260 
505,000 
-6,069 
Broadcom 
4/17/18 
4,000 
1,002,093 
917,680 
-84,413 
JD Corn Inc 
3/6/18 
10.000 
431,100 
404,900 
365,100 
-66,000 
Goldman Sachs 
1/25/18 
1,850 
499,873 
465,941 
440,911 
-58,962 
General Dynamics 
2/7/18 
2,300 
501,381 
508,070 
463,013 
38,388 
General Dynamics 
3/27/08 
3,450 
773,056 
76%105 
694520 
-78,536 
Lockheed artin 
2/7/18 
1,400 
489,300 
473,102 
44176 
40.124 
Lockheed Martin 
3/20/18 
2,100 
707,676 
70%653 
673,764 
-33,912 
Northtrop Grumman 
2/7/18 
1,470 
493,920 
513,206 
473,399 
-20,521 
Northtrop Gunmen 
3/28/18 
2,195 
760,159 
766,318 
706,878 
-53,281 
NXP Semiconductor 
4/24/18 
10,000 
1,028,951 
1,049,000 
20,049 
Raytheon 
2/7/18 
2,400 
498,840 
517,968 
491,856 
-6,984 
Raytheon 
3/20/18 
3,600 
763,284 
776,952 
737,784 
-25,500 
KBW Regional Bank ETF (KRE) 
3/26/18 
20,000 
1.210.847 
1,182,755 
1,232,800 
21,953 
XLF Financial Sector 
11/16/17 
10,000 
262,800 
275,700 
274,500 
11,700 
XLF Financial Sector 
3/26/18 
22,000 
603,789 
806,540 
803,900 
111 
Credit Suisse Group 
7/18/16 
100,000 
t137.626 
1.679.000 
1.677,000 
539.374 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
13,281,190 11,697,990 13,201,481 
-79,709 
EFTA00811710
--- PAGE 7 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
3131118 
4/30/18 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Lon) 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Mendlo 
Allergen (mandatory convert from preferred) 
311/18 
7,01E 
1,515.900 
1,189,137 
1,085,691 
-430.209 
Cummins Inc 
1/19/18 
4000 
755600 
648,360 
639,440 
-116,160 
ING 
4/4/17 
26000 
373,500 
423,250 
419,750 
46,250 
JD Corn Inc 
8/23/17 
10,000 
419.639 
404,900 
385,100 
-54,539 
JD Corn Inc 
10/3/17 
20,000 
759.982 
809,800 
730,200 
-29 782 
KBW Regional Bank ETF (KRE) 
11/16/17 
9,000 
503,167 
643,610 
554.760 
51,593 
ON Semiconductor 
6/8/17 
12,000 
200,038 
293,520 
264,960 
64.922 
Qualcom Inc 
10(11/17 
10,000 
542,890 
654,100 
510,100 
-32,790 
Tencent Holdings 
112/17 
20,000 
986,260 
1,043,800 
982,600 
-3,680 
Tenant Holdings 
3/22/17 
20.000 
1.046.140 
1.043,800 
962.600 
-63,540 
Teradyne Inc 
7/20/17 
20900 
704,832 
914,200 
651,000 
-53932 
233)12 
XLF Financial Sector 
8/2/17 
100,000 
2,511,288 
2.757,000 
2,745.000 
Euro Sion so mon due 3/77/2019 Stang SO 3538 (Ckmiiitle elf Ofh014 73.515 
9/25/17 ref price 3555 
2,500,000 
2,372,989 
2,496,541 
-3,459 
Japan Banks Capped Note Exp Feb 1 2019 (75% barrier) 
1/2918 
3.000.000 
2,617,110 
2,738,867 
-261,133 
vortex Linked Nous (slang S&P put spreads and buying utx coos) 
3/8/18 
3.000.000 
2,955,340 
2,988,673 
-11,327 
5X7E Market Plus Note Exp 4/26/2019 (72% barrier) 
10/24/17 
3.000.000 
2.772.981 
2,ffilega 
-130166 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
21,819,255 21,343,797 21,025,116 
-794,139 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Mon” 
Anheuser Busch 
1129/18 
3,500 
393,352 
384,790 
350,280 
-43,072 
Sequential Brands 
9/23/16 
50,000 
402,134 
104,250 
96,500 
405934 
Starbucks 
1/30/18 
5,930 
344.464 
343,288 
341,390 
4) 74 
Microsoft 
4/17/18 
5,200 
497,008 
486,304 
-10,704 
12,173 
Equinox Inc 
4/17/18 
1,200 
492.775 
- 
504,948 
Bank of America 
3/2/16 
7,500 
100,825 
224,925 
224,400 
123,575 
-181,528 
General Electric 
10/23/17 
22,000 
491,068 
296,560 
309,540 
Tencent Holdings 
7/18/16 
500 
298.878 
666.186 
614.125 
315.247 
Total Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
3,020,505 2,019,938 
2,927,487 
-93,018 
Haze Trust- Equities (DB) 
15.8a 
AIA Group Hong Kong 
1/23/18 
59,000 
508,816 
500,320 
524,510 
China Life Insurance Co 
1/23/18 
151,000 
507,285 
415,590 
432,909 
74,376 
China PAC Insurance Group 
1/23/18 
95,400 
506,380 
427,275 
424,848 
-81,532 
Google 
2/2/18 
2,000 
2,222,173 
2,063.580 
2,034,660 
-187,513 
Google 
12/5/17 
1,000 
1,014,015 
1,031,790 
1,017,330 
3,315 
PING An Insurance 
1/23/18 
40,500 
511 931 
411,805 
400,198 
-111.73 
Haze Trust- Total Equities (DB) 
5,270,599 4,850,360 
4,834,455 
-436,144 
J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
Bristol Myers Squib 
10/30/15 
3,400 
227,604 
215,050 
177,242 
-50 382 
Disney 
10/30/15 
685 
BUDD 
169 241 
68. a 
-9.374 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
305,704 
384,291 
245,968 
-59,736 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
124,383,304 120,961,675 126,464,427 
2,081,122 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF's (DB) 
'shares South Korea ETF 
11/3/17 
13,000 
985.997 
91/9,1,6V 
982.800 
.,M.
Total Southern Financial LW - Equity ETF'S !DB) 
985,997 
980,850 
982,800 
4,197 
Southern Financial LLC - Options (DB) 
Forward Long ARS 59.820.000 vs USD Short 3,000,000 Exp 6/2312018 
11/9/17 
19.94 
- 
-150,299 
- 
- 
Forward Long ARS 56.361.500 vs USD Short 3.000.000 Exp onsnous 
12/15/17 
19.46 
- 
-222,019 
- 
Shod QCOM 60 Aprl 20 2018 Puts 
3/7/18 
(100) 
- 
(52,000) 
- 
long S&P 500 277.50 April 20 2018 Cat 
3119/18 
(200) 
- 
7,800 
- 
Short S&P 500 255 April 20 2018 Puts 
3/19/18 
(200) 
- 
(42,000) 
- 
- 
Shod GILD 82.5 Aprii 20 2018 Calls 
3/16/18 
(125) 
- 
(3,125) 
- 
• 
Short GILD 77.5 Apnl 20 2018 Pula 
3/16/18 
(125) 
- 
(37,500) 
- 
- 
Shod GILD 77.5 May 18 2018 Puts 
4/20/18 
(125) 
(62.118) 
- 
(68,750) 
-6,632 
Long EEM 55 Calls @ 0.44 Exp 6/15/2018 
1/17/18 
2,400 
105.606 
400 
4(10 
-103.206 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Options (DB) 
43,488 
-472,743 
46,350 
408,838 
Southern Financial LLC - Options (TD) 
Long 1,000 SPY 300 Calls • exp 6/15/2018 
1/30/18 
1,000 
180.570 
13.099 
2,1394 
-178.0Zei 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Options (TD) 
180,576 
13,000 
2,600 
-178,076 
EFTA00811711
--- PAGE 8 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
3/31118 
4130118 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss), 
Southern Trust Co. - Options (ML) 
SPX Index Cal with 2950 KO - Snits 2800 exp 9/21/2018 
4110/18 
7524 
95.999 
Q 
99.186 
3187 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Options (ML) 
95,999 
99,186 
3,187 
Southern Trust Co. - Options PM 
Long XLV 88 Calls @ 1.75 exp 8/15/2018 
2/Stig 
210 
20,993 
4,489 
937 
-20.056 
Shod XLV 80 Puts O 2.24 exp 6/15/2018 
2/5/18 
-26
884 
-25.956 
-10,949 
15,937 
Sh 
Shat JD 38 Puts 
0.75 exp 5
g 
/18/2018 
4/20118 
Re 
=7,8-7 
-21,710 
-14.223 
Short JD 40 Calls @ 3.32 exp 5/18/2018 
4/20/18 
(100) 
-33,233 
-37,340 
-4.107 
Long AVGO 40 Puts @ 6.86 Exp 5/18/18 
4/17/18 
100 
-27,450 
42,929 
-55,479 
Short JD 40 Puts a 0.85 exp 4/20/2018 
3/6/18 
(40) 
-11,034 
Short JD 46 Calls @ 0.99 exp 420/2018 
3/6/18 
(48) 
-921 
Long 675 SPY 295 Cells • exp 5/18/2018 
1/23/18 
675 
128.313 
7.533 
all 
-126.279 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Options (IS) 
52,250 
(25,909) 
(151,957) 
(204,207) 
TOTAL OPTIONS 
372,313 
(485,652) 
(116,621) 
(488,934) 
EFTA00811712
--- PAGE 9 ---
3/31/18 
4/30/18 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financial ISFLIC) 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
45,538,044 
45,994,860 
0.93% 
5.43% withdrew 10mm 1710/17 
Boothbay Enhanced Fund 
7.557.965 
7.672.630 
1.37% 
2.15% withd,,,wiemm lawn 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LW 
53,096,009 
53,667,490 
ra le raren - > 25mm 
2016 retum 3.77% 
2017 return 16.6% 
Hedge Funds-Haze 
2018 return of caora 
2017 return cit capital 2016417 redeMCOMIS pe 
King Street - Illiquid Special Investments 
612 150 
3.272.578 
2/13/2018 67,388 
4/16 230,7103 
4/27/16 5.167,954 paid 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
3,612,150 
3,272,578 
311412011 12.077 
6711 113.614 
7727116 6,102)24 pald 
4/3/2018 37,263 
9/13 2,730 
10/27/16 6.186,911 pekl 
411182018 374,239 
10712 18,370 
1171117 3.994,344 PSI 
11/1 4,050 
2018 tram 448% 
Scott Shelton - WO /Secondary Trading 
Gratitude America 
869 591 
1.895.236 
1.37% 
-5.24% semi 2ran Witte 
Total Scott Shelton - IPO 1 Secondary Trodh 
1,869,591 
1,895,236 
"0120111art 
Hedge Funds - STC 
Honeycomb 
24.790.520 
25.633.398 
3.40% 
5.50% added 20ra 8/31116 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
24,790,520 
25,633,398 
12016 ret OM% (6 mo.) 
Total Hedge Funds 
83,368,270 84,468,702 
2017 return 21.0% 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
Grat 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
250,000 
Kyara IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount less 30k distribution 4/20/18) 
970,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment (grat) 
1,000,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,000 
STC 
Seaford Avenue Capital - PB Investment - Auto Debt (total comm 2.6mm) 
743,355 
Adfin Solutions (Investment amount 
875,000 
butterfly trust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston, NJ 
3,000,000 
Coinbase via Grat (50% sold for $15mm Feb 2018) 
sic 
1,500,500 
Spotify via Honeycomb 
1,000,000 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Valar Global Fund II (amount funded vs 15mm committment) 
14,250,000 cumulative IRR thru 1241-2016 
23.20% 
cumuletive IRR thru 1241.2017 
12.32% 
Vaiar Global Fund III (amount funded vs 25mm committment) 
19,250,000 curate** IRR thru 12414016 
67.3015 
cumulative IRR thru 12.31.2017 
52.02% 
Totals 
1,000,000 
3,000,000 
39,588,355 
1,600,600 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
51,568,855 
EFTA00811713
--- PAGE 10 ---
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
2,500,000 
2,500,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
250,000 
Plan D LIS 
250,000 
2008 G550 
15,750,000 
15,750,000 
Automobiles 
875,000 
875,000 
Boats 
500,000 
500,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
2,500,000 
3,000,000 
250,000 17,125,000 22,875,000,
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
JEGE Inc. 
FTRE 
Totals 
Loans Receivable 
(boob:non 10% yel *saki 150I0 
150,000 
150,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Nick Ribis 
150,000 
150.000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
Osboume Lane Capital (Paul B) 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
David Mitchell 
243,700 
1,500,000 
1.743,700 
303,262 
303,262 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
5,750,000 
5,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
Bella Klein 
100,000 
100,000 
Lesley 
300,000 
300,000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
Darren Indyke 
475,000 
475,000 
Richard Kahn 
475,000 
475,000 
LV Home & Other 
1,457,000 
1,457,000 
625.000 
625,000 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,748,146 
8,150,000 
950,000 2,936,262 14,784,408 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
32.73 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamond - insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
Fine Art Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050.000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 
3,050,000 
9,900,000 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LW) 
(30,600,000) 
(30,500,000) 
EFTA00811714

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811715.pdf
----------------------------------------
HIRSCH LAW 
JILLIAN HIRSCH 
jhirsch@hirschlawlIc.com 
F. 617.663-4801 275 Grove Street. Ste 2-400. Newton. MA 02466 
May 8, 2018 
VIA E-MAIL AND REGULAR MAIL 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4'h Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Re: 
Carol S. Chomskv Marital Trusts 
Dear Mr. Kahn, 
As you may know, I represent Harry Chomsky in his capacity as a co-trustee of the 
Marital Trusts created under the Carol S. Chomsky Revocable Trust (the "Trust"). I understand 
that on behalf of Noam Chomsky you have been in touch with Max Kohlenberg to discuss 
various issues related to the administration of the Trust. Specifically, I am aware that you have 
made a request for a distribution to Noam to make certain tax payments and that you have 
proposed changes to the administration of the Trust so that Noam may have greater access to the 
Trust funds. Harry is committed to fulfilling his fiduciary obligations to the beneficiaries and 
will, together with Max, gladly consider your requests. However, to make an informed decision 
Harry must be included in your ongoing dialogue with Max. Please send to me any documents 
that you have already provided to Max to aid him in considering your requests. Going forward, 
please make sure to include me on any correspondence concerning the Trust and its 
administration. In addition, if Noam has retained an attorney to whom I should be directing this 
communication, please let me know. 
Sincerely, 
cc: 
Noam Chomsky 
Max Kohlenberg, Esq. 
Jillian B. Hirsch 
HIRSCHLAWLLC.CONI 
EFTA00811715

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811716.pdf
----------------------------------------
WINDOW 
WINDOW 
WINDOW 
WINDOW 
0! 
, J 
10' X 179" 
Suite 602 
1,395 RSF. 
10'6' X 10' 
10' X 17'9' 
'b C 
s
The Bank 
Bank United Building (Rev. 3/18) Yomtob Investments, LLC 
5300 W. Atlantic Ave. Delray Beach, FL 33484 
5300 W. Atlantic Ave. Ste. 507 Delray Beach, FL 33484 
EFTA00811716
--- PAGE 2 ---
530) W Atlenlic Ave, Delray Beech, FL. 33984 - medical Property For Lease on 
5/31/18, 2:413 PM 
Pout I of 1? 
EFTA00811717
--- PAGE 3 ---
5300 W Atlantic Ave, Delray Beach, FL, 33484 - Medical Property For Lease on 
5/21118, 2:48 PM 
Page 1 of 12 
EFTA00811718
--- PAGE 4 ---
5300 W Atlantic Ave, Delray Beach, FL, 33484 - Medical Property For Lease on 
5/21/18, 2:56 PM 
1„ite 1 al 12 
EFTA00811719
--- PAGE 5 ---
5300 W Atlantic Ave, Delray Beach, FL, 33484 - Medical Properly For ***** on 
5121/18, 2:55 PM 
Put:L. 1 cl 12 
EFTA00811720
--- PAGE 6 ---
5300 W Atlantic Ave, Delray Beach, FL, 33484 - Medical Property For Lease on 
5/21/18, 2:48 PM 
Page 1 of 12 
EFTA00811721

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811722.pdf
----------------------------------------
CELEBRATING 
YEARS OF 
EXCELLENCE, 
el.UNO,„ 
Performance. Integrity. Reputation. 
LARGE CABIN GOLFSTREAM MARKET UPDATE 
FIRST QUARTER 2018 
GULFSTREAM NEWS 
The sales of the flagship G650 have cooled slightly but this on the heels of the one of the most active quarters 
Gulfstream has seen in the last three years. Q1 deliveries of 26 aircraft (19 large cabin and 7 G280s) is a reduction 
over 13% compared to Q1 of last year but we should point out that Gulfstream has now delivered more than 300 
G650/G650ERs cementing its place as the leader in the ultra-long range category. Although Q1 revenues were down 
12% and earnings were down over 21%, Gulfstream is quick to point out that their revenue plan is back-end loaded and 
the customer deliveries of the G500 later this year and the 0600 in 2019 will give a big boost. According to Gulfstream, 
certification of the 0500 is now expected to be in June or July with customer deliveries to begin shortly thereafter. 
Additionally, the recently announced Hawker Pacific acquisition for Jet Aviation will give the company a strategic 
advantage and will simultaneously be helpful to Gulfstream by providing Gulfstream support facilities in locations where 
it is needed. 
MARKET NEWS 
Nearly every market indicator has shown promising signs over the last 12 months and this has led to a steadily 
improving business jet industry. Inventory of in-service aircraft available for sale has continued to decline and has not 
been this low since 2007 (currently 6.7% of the in-service fleet available). However, average asking prices have 
declined consecutively since January which is impart the result of many of the later model aircraft going under contract. 
We expect the volume of pre-owned transactions to be lower in 2018 than it was in 2017, but simply because of a lack of 
supply, not a lack of demand. Flight operations in the U.S. and in Europe are on a continual rise and we expect this 
trend to continue throughout the year. 
I 
AVPRO, INC. 
410.573.1515 
900 Elestgale Road. Suite 412 
Fax 410 523 1919 
Annapolis.. Maryland 21401 
Firnaii 
tid 
EFTA00811722
--- PAGE 2 ---
Large Cabin Gu',steam Market Update 
Page 2 
G650/G650ER MARKET 
• 
There are currently 11 G650s on the market, including 1 that is under contract. This represents 4% of the in-service fleet for 
sale. 
• Current asking prices range from $47.9M for a 2013 model, non-ER model with approximately 1,000 hours to $66.95M for a 
2015 model with defivery time only. 
• 
Supply had come down by nearly 50% from summer of 2017 but inventory levels have bounced back up recently. There were 3 
G650 transactions in Q1, 2 of which were ER models and all configured with the forward-galley/aew rest configuration. 
• 
Sold prices have ranged recently from $45M for a 2013 model with 750 hours and RRCC to $61M for a 2016 model with 100 
hours and no RRCC on the engines. 
• 
Surprisingly, there has been a lot of interest from foreign buyers, although demand from the U.S. for the 6650 is still 
strong. Preference is still for the forward-galley/crew rest configuration but buyers are more often times contemplating the 
4-zone aircraft that is configured without the enclosed forward crew rest. 
Apr-17 May-17 Jun-17 Jul-17 Aug-17 Sep-17 Oct-17 Nov-17 Dec-17 Jan-18 Feb-18 Mar-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
...Aircraft Sold 
-0-Avg Asking Price 
G550 MARKET 
$58.500 
$58.000 
557.500 
557.000 
556.500 
556.000 
• 
There are currently 20 G550s on the market, including 4 that are under contract (this represents 4% of the in-service fleet for 
sale). Additionally, there are 5 6550s that are under contract but not publicly advertised on the market. 
• 
Current asking prices range from $13.995M for a 2006 model with close to 11,000 hours to $33.75M for a 2013 model with 
nearly 1,700 hours. 
• 
Supply has been reduced by nearly 50% since December 2016 but supply has recently bounced back up slightly. 
• 
During 01/2018 there were a total of 12 G550 transactions and 5 of the aircraft were sold without ever coming to the open 
market. 
• Recent selling prices have ranged from $12.5M for a 2005 model with approximately 12,000 hours to $30M for a 2013 model 
with 2,200 hours and RRCC on the engines. 
• 
We expected prices to continue to remain stable and we may even see a slight uptick for the preferred low time, forward-galley 
configured aircraft. 
Apr-17 May-17 Jun-17 Jul-17 Aug-17 Sep-17 Oct-17 Nov-17 Dec-17 Jan-18 Feb-18 Mar-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
-0-Avg Asking Price 
530.000 L. 
$28.000 
$26.000 
$24.000 
$22.000 
$20.000 
EFTA00811723
--- PAGE 3 ---
Large Cabin Gulfstream Market Update 
Page 3 
GV MARKET 
• 
There are currently 18 GVs on the market, including 5 that are under contract. This represents 9% of the in-service fleet for 
sale. 
• 
Current asking price ranges from $5.995M for a 1997 model with over 18,000 hours to $12.295M for a 2001 just under 5,000 
hours. 
• Unfortunately, supply had doubled February 2017 to February 2018 but there has been a recent surge in sales activity with 
very few new ophons coming to the market which has caused the supply to come back down. During Q1/2018, there were a 
total of 7 transactions with selling prices ranging from $7.5M for a '97 model with over 9,000 hours to over $12m for a 2002 
model with 6,000 hours. The increased demand is largely due to the lack of G550 supply on the low end of that market. 
$ 
Apr-17 May-17 Jun-17 
Jul-17 
Aug-17 Sep-17 Oct-17 Nov-17 Dec-17 Jan-18 
Feb-18 Mar-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
-0-Avg Asking Price 
$12.000
511.500 2
511.000 
510.500 
510.000 
G450 MARKET 
• 
There are 21 G450s on the market, including 8 that are under contract. This represents just 6% of the in-service Heel for sale. 
• Current asking prices range from $9.95M for a 2007 model with slightly over 2,500 hours to $20M for a 2012 model with nearly 
1,400 hours. 
• During Q1/2018 there were a total of 8 transactions with sold prices varying from $10M for a 2007 model with 2,800 hours to 
$18M for a 2013 model with 1,500 hours. 
• 
The vast majority of the buyers in the G450 market have been from the United States with strong preference going towards the 
U.S. pedigree aircraft. However, only 4 of the G450s remaining on the market are U.S. based aircraft. 
RI 
LIN PSI LA III 1411 PIII 
711 PIO rim no 
Apr-17 May-17 Jun-17 
Jul-17 
Aug-17 Sep-17 Oct-17 Nov-17 Dec-17 Jan-18 Feb-18 Mar-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
4-Avg Asking Price 
Avpro has completed over 300 Gulfstream transactions. 
Including 18 Gulfstream transactions in the past 6 months! 
515.500 
515.000 3 
514.500 
514.000 
513.500 
513.000 
I 
AVPRO. iNC. 
410.573.1515 
900 Bestgate Road. Suite 412 
Fax: 410.5711919 
Annapolis, Maryland 21401 
2.rnail infoliayproleisopm 
1.•• • 
IND 
EFTA00811724
--- PAGE 4 ---
Large Cabin GoIfstream Market Update 
Pap 4 
GIVSP/G400 MARKET 
• 
There are 28 GIV-SPs currently on the market, including 9 aircraft that under contract. This represents 8% of the in-service fleet 
for sale, a 2% decline vs 04/2017. 
• 
Current asking prices range from $2.695M for a 1992 with just over 14,000 hours to $6.95M for a 2003 model with 3,600 hours. 
• 
During 01/2018 there were a total of 13 transactions with sold prices varying from $1.3M to $5.6M. 
• 
Much of the interest has been for GIVSPs that are in the $5M or less range, that have had some 
refurbishments with next 
generation avionics installed. 
; I 
.11; 
to 
7' 
$6.000 , 
$5.000 = 
••am 
.. _ , -, 
Il'ININIIrmismw 
no 
2< 
$4.000 
$3.000 
$2.000 
Apr-17 May-17 Jun-17 
INN Aircraft 
a
Jul-17 
for 
Aug-17 
Sale 
I
Sep-17 
NI Aircraft 
Oct-17 
Sold 
a
Nov-17 Dec-17 
-Avg 
Jan-18 
Asking 
Feb-18 
Price 
e 
Mar-18 
$1.000 
$0.000 
AVPRO, INC. "WHO WE ARE" 
Avpro is one of the largest international aircraft brokerage and acquisition firms in the world. With our extensive aviation sales 
experience, we are able to consistently achieve annual gross sales in excess of $1 billion. By leveraging over 26 years of experience 
and cuftivating strong relationships throughout the industry, we are able to capitalize on trends as they emerge. With a professional 
team of specialists in research, marketing, contract negotiations, and closings, we are able to give each client the confidence needed to 
navigate the complexities of each transaction. 
AVPRO'S GULFSTREAM TEAM 
KEVIN WHITE is the Avpro Gulfstream Market Specialist. Kevin brings to Avpro a unique and in-depth knowledge of not 
only real time market condition expertise, but also operational, technical and economic aspects of private jet ownership. 
After joining the industry in 2001, he quickly excelled in many facets such as aircraft sales, operation, management. 
Kevin is also an ATP pilot with a type rating in the Hawker 8001800XP. 
acquisitions as well as the operational, technical and economic aspects of aircraft ownership. Valerie began her career as 
an international researcher for AMSTAT, subsequently moving into a Sales support role for Regourd Aviation then 
II
VALERIE PEREIRA is the Avpro Gulfstream Market Analyst. Valerie offers a unique and in-depth knowledge of sales and 
Executive Sales Director for the Bell Helicopter market at Heli-Asset. Valerie is fluent in English, Portuguese, Spanish, 
. . 
French 8 Italian. 
KEVIN WHITE 
VALERIE PEREIRA 
GLAYSTREAM SPECIALIST 
GUIFSTREAM ANALYST 
KWHITE@AVPROJETS.COM 
madmd 
li 
M=BA's 
C NBRR 
is\ NA RA 
i,, CERTIFIED 
...3=-' 
AVPRO, INC. 
410.573.1515 
• 
• 
W W W. 
900 liestgate Road. Suite 412 
Fax: 410 573 1919 
II LS W 
Annapolis, Maryland 21401 
Email: 
EFTA00811725

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811726.pdf
----------------------------------------
3_North-Elevation_980.128.gil 950x4134 pixels 
5/31/18, 5:03 PM 
M 
r71 
L QC ve(A.--L 
V 
sr--Tee_-\—
cv,z .) cceb 7\ 
r
r 
ri 
= 
•• 
- 
This—.
.94 
• 
,MMM' 
htips://www.lrlekluture.org/wp.content/uploade/2018/04/3_North-ElevatIon_980_128.glf 
page 1 of I 
EFTA00811726
--- PAGE 2 ---
3_North-Elevation_980..128.gif 960.484 pixels 
5/31/18, 5.03 PM 
7-7 
-n rift 
..dc:Ser 
?vol,c
6-9s4 
• . ' '''' '' 
kec ik
eactierr 
Cl C) 
htlps://www.frickfuture.orgfwp-content/uploads/2018/04/3_North-Elevation_9030 128.gif 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00811727
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00811728
--- PAGE 4 ---
Welcoming Access for All Visitors - Frick Future 
5/30/18, 1:33 PM 
Recontrygurod Recoptkn mall looking oast towards 70th Soot Gordon. Costely of SoWon Artitleas 
Welcoming Access for All Visitors 
The Frick's visitors deserve amenities that match the superb quality of its collections. To this end, 
the plan features amenities and enhancements for better visitor circulation and ADA-accessibility 
throughout the Frick. 
Visitors entering the Frick through the original 1930s museum entrance on 70th street will 
experience improvements to circulation inside. From the 1935 Beaux-Arts entrance hail, visitors 
will move into the reception hall, which will be reconfigured to streamline the flow of guests 
through the main admissions and information areas. This room also will offer seating and views of 
the 70th Street Garden, designed in 1977 by Russell Page. Improved coat check facilities and 
restrooms will be located below ground level, accessible via a pair of new ADA-accessible 
elevators. 
The reception hall will provide access to a new upper-floor lobby by elevator or an elegant new 
staircase, a nod to the signature Grand Staircase in the 1914 portion of the building. On this upper 
level, the public will be able to enjoy a contemplative seating area with another view of the 70th 
Street Garden, museum shop, and the institution's first cafe. Beyond these amenities, the public 
will gain access to a suite of roams on the second floor of the original Flick residence, which will 
be transformed into galleries. 
In addition new ramps will be introduced at the public entrances to the museum on 70th Street 
and to the library on 71st Street, where there will also be an entrance for schoOl and other 
groups. The design will also create a public passageway linking The Frick Collection and Frick Art 
Reference Library, enabling visitors and students to move easily between the buildings for the first 
time without having to exit the institution. 
- Previous Page (/thevision/special-exhibition-gallery/) I Next Page (/the-vision/inspiring.new• 
students-of-art/) - 
"The plan features amenities and 
enhancements for better visitor circulation 
and ADA-accessibility throughout the Frick" 
&tom° lobby of Frick An Rologreo Wray, snoynng now 
passageway cennedng 
fitrary: Courtesy of
(*
p -0 4- C 
e. 
* SZAA 
VV"ata
ittPsliwww.frickfuture.orgithe-yision/access-to-art-for-all/ 
Page 1 012 
EFTA00811729
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00811730
--- PAGE 6 ---
EXISTING 71ST STREET ENTRY 
EIZZEOZ0212ZE. 
FIRST 
FLOOR 
le 
2'9' 
10'0" 
37'0" 
Doriconc=r, -ricer cerorm-r r KITDV 
EFTA00811731
--- PAGE 7 ---
)NDITION 
CELLAR DOOR 
PROPOSED RAMP LOCATION 
EFTA00811732

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811733.pdf
----------------------------------------
Richard J. Katz, M.D. 
Steven A. Albert, M.D. 
Stephen D. Greenberg, M.D 
Douglas R. DeCorato, M.D. 
Gavin L Duke, M.D. 
Paul S. Choi, M.D. 
Sean K. Herman, M.D. 
Robert L. Ludwig, M.D. 
EAST 
RIVER 
MEDICAL IMAGING, PC 
Timothy W. Deyer, M.D. 
James W. Brady, M.D. 
Gwen N. Harris, M.D. 
Adam J. Wilner, M.D. 
Mark H. Pinals, M.D. 
George Stassa, M.D. (ret.) 
Morton Schneider, M.D. (ret.) 
Alison Bender Halmes, MD. (ret.) 
519& 523 East 72nd Street • New York. NY 10021.3 East 75th Street. At Fifth Avenue • New York. NY 10021 
430 East 59th Street, Sutton Place • Ncw York. NY 10022 
Tel 
• www.castriverimaging.com 
BRUCE W MOSKOWITZ, M.D. 
1411 NORTH FLAGLER DRIVE 
SUITE 7100 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401 
Patient EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Exam Date: 6/5/18 
Acc No: 7156124 
Dear Dr. Moskowitz, 
MRI SCAN OF THE LEFT CLAVICLE 
Clinical History: 
65-year-old male with left sided lipoma, increase in size. 
Techniaue: 
MRN: 0315192 
Magnetic resonance imaging of the left clavicle was performed using T1 and T2 weighted axial 
sagittal and corona! images. Fat suppression was selectively used. 
Comparison: 
The study is compared to an MRI of the neck dated 11/30/2016. 
Findinas: 
A marker was placed over the region of interest prior to initiation of the study. 
Evaluation of the left supraclavicular fossa once again demonstrates a lesion identified, inferior to the 
subclavian vein, and displacing the roots of the brachial plexus inferiorly. This lesion measures 
approximately 5.8 cm in transverse dimension by 2.8 cm in anterior-posterior dimension by 3.6 cm in 
craniocaudad dimension. This lesion is isointense to fat on all pulse sequences, consistent with a 
lipoma. When measured at a similar location on the prior study this it measured approximately 6.0 x 
2.5 x 3.4 cm in size. Allowing for the overall difference in technique this is without significant change. 
No discrete soft tissue components are identified There are small vascular structures, which 
permeate the lipoma. 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY ACC: 7156124 Exam Date: 6/5/18 DOB: 01/20/1953 
ACCESS YOUR PATIENTS IMAGES AND REPORTS (re, 
PET/CT • !UGH FIELD MI • °FEMUR, • MULTIDETECTOR VOLUME CT (1 CT) • BONE DENSITY • NUCLEAR 111EDICINE 
ULTRASOUND • DIGITAL X-RAY • CORONARY CTANGIOGRAPHY • VIRTUAL COLONOSCOPY • CT/AIRANGIOGRA PRY 
EFTA00811733
--- PAGE 2 ---
There is no evidence of adenopathy identified. 
The osseous structures demonstrates some degenerative change noted at the acromioclavicular 
joint No destructive lesions are seen. 
JMPRESSION 
Lipoma identified within the left supraclavicular fossa, allowing for the difference in technique without 
significant change from the prior study of 11/30/2016. 
Very truly yours, 
DOUGLAS DECORATO, M.D. 
Electronically Signed By DOUGLAS DECORATO, M.D. 
Date/Time Transcribed: 6/5/18 10:06 am 
REPORT 
CC: 
CC PATIENT 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY ACC:7156124 Exam Date: 6/5/16 DOB: 01/20/1953 
EAST RIVER MEDICAL IMAGING, PC 
www.eastriverimaging.com 
PET/CT • 111G11 FIELD MR! • OPEN MR I • MULTIDETECTOR VOLUME CT (VCT) • BONE DENSITY • NUCLEAR MEDICINE 
ULTRASOUND • DIGITAL X-RAY • CORONARY CT ANGIOGRA PUY • VIRTUAL COLONOSCOPY • CT/MR ANGIOGRAPHY 
EFTA00811734
--- PAGE 3 ---
ut EAST 
- - 
RIVER 
MEDICAL IMAGING. PC 
519 East 72nd Street, Suite 103 
New York, NY 10021 
itscErvED
lUti 11 9113 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS, APT B3 
SAINT THOMAS, VI 00802 
OO6O2 -i7.14e2S 
U.S POSTAGE*PiThE7 BOWES 
(1/4 r
,==
ZIP 10021 $ 000.47 °
IW 
0001387394 JUN 07 2018 
7156124 
11111 
I ill 
al 1'1 A 11111111111111 11 
III II 
I 
EFTA00811735

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811736.pdf
----------------------------------------
E Mail: 
LSJE, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarters 
Suite B3 
St Thomas 
USV
Ini
all
ammi
Check Request Form 
Date of Request: 
07/02/18 
Amount Requested: $1)901.38 
Payee: 
Brice M Gordon 
Payee Address: 
St Thomas 
VI 00802 
Invoice N./Memo: Attached Amazon Invoice 
Notes: 
Sonos Wireless Speakers/Surround System/Mounting Bar - Media System Staff Cottage - ISJ 
Special Notes/Instructions: 
In error used personal Credit Card for transaction 
Approved LSI Manager: B.M Gordon 07/0 
Authorization: 
EFTA00811736
--- PAGE 2 ---
7/1/2018 
amazon.com• 
Amaten.com - Order 111.58$939-2391401 
Final Details for Order #111-5896939-2391401 
Print this oagejstyour records. 
Order Placed: June 24, 2018 
Amazon.com order number: 111-5896939-2391401 
Order Total: $1,901.38 
Shipped on June 26, 2018 
Items Ordered 
Price 
of: Sonos 5.1 Surround Set - Home Theater System with Playbar, Sub and 2 Sonos $1,678.00 
Ones 
sold by: OneCell Delver profile) I Product question? Ask Sent( 
Condition: New 
Shipping Address: 
IS
ALM BEACH, FL 33480-4730 
United States 
Shipping Speed: 
Two-Day Shipping 
Item(s) Subtotal: $1,678.00 
Shipping & Handling: 
$0.00 
Total before tax: $1,678.00 
Sales Tax: 
$117.46 
Total for This Shipment: $1,795.46 
Shipped on June 30, 2018 
Items Ordered 
Price 
of: Sanus Wireless Speaker Wall Mounts for Sofas PLAY:1 & PLAY:3 - Tool Free Tilt & 
$59.99 
Swivel Adjustments For Best Audio - Pair (Black) - WSWM2-B1 
Sold by: Semis AV (ear profile) 
Condition: New 
Shipping Address: 
M BEACH, FL 33480-4730 
United States 
Shipping Speed: 
Two-Day Shipping 
Item(s) Subtotal: $59.99 
Shipping & Handling: $0.00 
Total before tax: $59.99 
Sales Tax: $4.20 
Total for This Shipment: $64.19 
Shipped on June 26, 2018 
Items Ordered 
of: SONOS Wall Mount Kit for PLAYBAR Soundbar 
Sold by: Amazon.com Services, Inc. 
Condition: New 
Shipping Address: 
Price 
$39.00 
Item(s) Subtotal: $39.00 
httpoiewoyamazon.cornigpiess/summaty/pmtrembrel=oltaui_pi_o01:Tie=OTF&SorderlDvI11-5896139-2391401 
112 
EFTA00811737
--- PAGE 3 ---
7/1/2018 
PALM BEACH, FL 33480-4730 
United States 
Shipping Speed: 
Two-Day Shipping 
Payment Method: 
Visa I Last digits: 5965 
Billing address 
Brice Gor 
nited States 
Arnazon.com - Order 111-5896939-2391401 
Shipping & Handling: $0.00 
Total before tax: $39.00 
Sales Tax: $2.73 
Total for This Shipment:$41.73 
Payment information 
Item(s) Subtotal: $1,776.99 
Shipping & Handling: 
$0.00 
Total before tax: $1,776.99 
Estimated tax to be collected: 
$124.39 
Grand Total:$1,901.38 
Credit Card transactions 
Visa ending in 5965: June 30, 2018: 
$64.19 
Visa ending in 5965: June 26, 2018: $1,837.19 
To view the status of your order, return to Order Summary. 
conditions of use I Privacy tiatisc o 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. or Its affiliates 
Cotu 
(Di 
kso, 
rora 
\S-luo‘asc 
\Lai /1_004. cker"nitYL4r„, get 
attAvickcm-11
LSi 
wbtaci 
Inoe://mWeerdezed.derdiflPiteS/Sumrmary/print.htrellree-ohedi_pi_001_?ieaUTF88orderiCm111-5886939-2391401 
EFTA00811738
--- PAGE 4 ---
amazoncom.
Details for Order #111-5896939-2391401 
Print this oar for your records. 
Order Placed: June 24, 2018 
Amazon.com order number: 111-5896939-2391401 
Order Total: $1,901.38 
Not Yet Shipped 
Items Ordered 
Price 
of: Sanus Wireless Speaker Wall Mounts for Sonos PLAY:1 & PLAY:3 - Tool 
$59.99 
Free Tilt & Swivel Adjustments For Best Audio - Pair (Black) - WSWM2-B1 
Sold by: Sanus AV (seller profile) 
Condition: New 
of: Sonos 5.1 Surround Set - Home Theater System with Playbar, Sub and $1,678.00 
Sonos Ones 
Sold by: OneCall (seller profile) I Product question? Ask Seller 
Condition: New 
of: SONOS Wall Mount Kit for PLAYBAR Soundbar 
Sold by: Arnazon.com Services, Inc. 
Condition: New 
$39.00 
Shipping Address: 
PALM BEACH, FL 33480-4730 
United States 
Shipping Speed: 
TWo-Day Shipping 
Payment information 
Payment Method: 
American Express I Last digits: 1144 
United States 
Item(s) Subtotal: $1,776.99 
Shipping & Handling: 
$0.00 
Total before tax: $1,776.99 
Estimated tax to be collected: 
$124.39 
Grand Total:$1,901.38 
d
todTtozw the status of your order, return to Order Summary. 
https.11wwwariazon.comfgpicssisummaraprintlamiftefood aui prim inivice7ie eUTF8Lorder10 -111-5894939 -2391401e 
si2<ii8. 8:04 PV.
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00811739
--- PAGE 5 ---
LSJE, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarters 
Suite B3 
St Thomas 
E
MEM 
Check Request Form 
Date of Request: 
07/02/18 
Amount Requested: $855.99 
Payee: 
Brice M Gordon 
Payee Address 
St Thomas 
VI 00802 
Invoice N./Memo: 
Attached Amazon Invoice 
Notes: 
Nakamichi 45" Soundbar/Subwoofers x 2 Speakers - Media System Sam's Place - LSJ 
Special Notes/Instructions: 
In Error Used Personal Credit Card for transaction 
Approved LSJ Manager: K1 G 
Authorization: 
EFTA00811740
--- PAGE 6 ---
amazon.com.
Details for Order #114-8544214-7145014 
print this °age for your records. 
Order Placed: June 28, 2018 
Amazon.com order number: 114-8544214-7145014 
Order Total: $855.99 
Not Yet Shipped 
Items Ordered 
Price 
of: Nakamichi Shockwafe Elite 7.2Ch DTS:X 800W 45-Inch Sound Bar System with $799.99 
Dual 8" Wireless Subwoofers & 2-Way Rear Satellite Speakers 
Sold by: Nakamichi LLC (seller profile) I Product question? Ask Seller 
Condition: New 
Shipping Address: 
es 
Shipping Speed: 
Standard Shipping 
Payment information 
Payment Method: 
Item(s) Subtotal: $799.99 
Visa I Last digits: 5965 
Billing address 
RK, NY 10022-6102 
United States 
Shipping & Handling: 
$0.00 
Total before tax: $799.99 
Estimated tax to be collected: $56.00 
Grand Total:$855.99 
To view the status of your order, return to Order Summary. 
Conditions of Use I Privacy Notice CO 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. or Its affiliates 
WE CC: 
LITit 
tE -hoe 
ME C: 
kindocL 
ixthav
Mcdo 1#fryv- 
135 '7,68,6h4 
EFTA00811741

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811742.pdf
----------------------------------------
Available 6-Sep 291O. . 
Invoice 
Description of Item 
for viewing km M. 
Attached 
LSJ Location 
Insured Value 
Simply fountain 
No 
Bushes - entryway 
4.177 
Anthonys Outred Antiques - oil canvas signed aimee follet 
No 
Tunnel Storage 
717 
15:600 
Leah's Gallery - Ponce de Leon painting 
No 
Tunnel Storage 
Pinto - °Mabee Sir Anthony Van Dyck 
No 
Tunnel Storage 
26,148 
Pinto - Stairs Hall 129 
No 
Tunnel Storage 
28.109 
Pinto - Mural Decoration of Fresco, 1930 
135,110 cost 
No 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
50.000 
Pinto - Marble Furniture 
182,250 cost 
No 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
50,000 
Pinto - 40 Belts for Decoration 
No 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
47.200 
Pinto - Atelier Misia - Mirror 
No 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
4,720 
Pinto - Degroote - Pair of Bathroom Cabinets 
No 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
26.727 
Pinto - Seigneur - Double Curtains - 6 pairs 
No 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
22,217 
Plus Two Interiors - Teak antique chest 
58,883 cost 
No 
Tunnel Storage 
50.000 
Weathertand Estate - 3 pieces 
No 
Tunnel Storage 
44,477 
Mckee Galary 
No 
Tunnel Storage 
35,250 
Leah's Gallery - Pair of neo classic paintings 
No 
Tunnel Storage 
45,000 
Pinto - Atelier Mists - End of Sofa Tables (2) 
No 
yes 
Tdd Hut 
16.874 
Pinto - Dona Sol - Pair of Lamps in Black Wood 
No 
yes 
lid Hut 
3,422 
Sacco Carpet - 15'x 17' - rug 
No 
Flag Pole Pool 
20,400 
Pinto - Degroote & Mussy - Oak door with mirror on face 
No 
Flag Pole Pool 
20,473 
JP Molyneux - Liechtenstein Desk 
No 
yes 
Palms 
286,166 
Dupagne Bronze Sculpture 
No 
Palms 
80.000 
JP Molyneux - Office Lamp 
No 
yes 
Palms 
21,743 
JP Molyneux - Five Palms Woodworking 500,940 total cost 
Yes 
yes 
Palms 
50.000 
Pinto - Dona Sol • mirro or wood and Trimmings & Blue Lamp 
No 
yes 
Palms 
10.526 
Galerie Temenaga France, SA- painting by Takehiko Sugawara 
No 
yes 
Palms 
12,618 
Christian Dior - Dishes for LSJ 
No 
yes 
Palms 
6.593 
ABC Home Furnishing 
No 
Palms 
5.670 
Leah's Gallery - shell box with bamboo lighting 
No 
Palms 
1,900 
JP Molyneux Pair of Mythological Terracota Figures 
No 
yes 
Palms - Outside 
98.245 
ABC Broadloom - Rug 
No 
psbulausurabwrompiThal• 
St Crolx Lookout 
3,021 
Damien Vannieenwenhove - painting & sculpture 
No 
yes 
St Croix Lookout 
4,979 
Pinto - Marc Arthur Kohn - Fossilised Wood Table Top 
No 
yes 
St Croix Lookout 
9.656 
Pinto - Marc Arthur Kohn - Fossilised Wood Base 
No 
yes 
St Croix Lookout 
16,013 
Tejon, SA - 2 chairs 
No 
Grotto 
13,081 
Man's Patek Philippe Watch, Silvertone Dial & 3 Subdlals 
3S 
No 
Kite House 
71,602 
Loose Diamond - 2.36 carets 
No 
yes 
Kite House 
120,750 
Loose Diamond - 2.28 carats 
No 
yes 
Kite House 
100,275 
Loose Diamond - 2.13 carets 
No 
yes 
Kite House 
91.875 
Loose Diamond - 2.03 carats 
No 
yes 
Kite House 
86,625 
Pair of White Continental Urns 
No 
Klte House 
56,844 
Pinto - Atelier 181 - 2 Plaster Shells 
No 
yes 
Kite House 
7,670 
Sacco Carpet - 121x 12' - rug 
No 
yes 
Staff Cottage 
12,240 
Sacco Carpet -15' x 15' - rug 
No 
yes 
Staff Cottage 
15.900 
Leah's Gallery - praying grey marble figure 
No 
Staff Cottage 
5.700 
Leah's Gallery - pair of bronze trees 
No 
Staff Cottage 
3.755 
Sacco Carpet - 9' x 10' - rug 
No 
Cabana 1 
15,300 
Sari Cie Modems - 4 sconces 
No 
yes 
Cabana 1 
5,025 
Sacco Carpet - 10' x 11'V - rug 
No 
Cabana 2 
9,704 
Leah's Celery - Painting of reclining nude 
No 
yes 
Cabana 2 
12,000 
Sacco Carpet -10' x 17'6' - rug 
No 
Cabana 3 
9775 
12,000 
Leatrs Gaiety -Pairing of Sealed Women against stone wall 
No 
Cabana 3 
EFTA00811742
--- PAGE 2 ---
Available 6Sep 
invoice 
airiaglaiditin 
for viewing Irma 
la 
Attached 
LSJ Location 
Insured Valuk 
Sacco Carpet - 15'x 15 - rug 
No 
yes 
Cabana 4 
8,075 
Jean Pierre Secula - Chandelier 
No 
Cabana 4 
7,188 
Seoul Action - 2 paintings from Korea 
64.506 cost 
No 
yes 
Cabana 4 
50,000 
Sacco Camel -10'8" x 13' - rug 
No 
yes 
Master Bathroom 
11,650 
Sacco Carpet - 10'x 12' - rug 
No 
Master Bedroom 
11,760 
Pinto - begroote - Pair of Oak Armoires 
No 
Master Bedroom 
29.500 
Leah's Gallery -Antique Furniture 
No 
Master Bedroom 
30,000 
Total Loss 
1,939,131 
EFTA00811743
--- PAGE 3 ---
$.3rahROUOTE 
re 
41, 
Dear Rich, 
As per your email below please find the items 
and their purchase/sale price: 
Mural Decoration of Fresco, 1930 - 114.500 )( 1. 18= 135-> /11)
Euros 
Decorative Wall Panelling - 60.000 Euros 
,0‘.7
'X 
Marble Furniture - 675.000 Dirhams x az* 
oo 40 Belts for Decoration - 40.000 Euros x I. IRS 
y ALcd 
As well as photos attached. 
Best regards, 
Sarah Rouquie 
EFTA00811744
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00811745
--- PAGE 5 ---
Thnvert United Arab Emirates Dirhams to US Dollars - Exchan... 
hups://www.exchange-rates.org/coneerter/AED/USD/I 
EXCHANGE-RATES.oRG 
EXCHANGE RATES 
CONVERT UNITED ARAB EMIRATES DIRHAMS TO US DOLLARS (/CONVERTER/AED/USD/1) 
Currency Converter Results 
1.0000 AED 
0.27227 USD 
United Arab Emirates Dirham (AED) 
US Dollar (USD) 
AED = 0.27227 USD 
USD = 3.6729 AED 
tA - 
(/converter.aspx) 
Another Conversion? (/converter.aspx) 
2/7/2018 5:49 PM 
Major World Currencies 
Webmasters 
Currencies By Name 
contacteiffigt1PlartawfliNion Privacy (/privacy.aspx) 
Exchange•Rates.org O2018 Matt Media, Inc. 
Cunene./ Oa by time intifrainvw Krim call) 
() 
of 1 
2/7/I8, 5:50 PM 
EFTA00811746
--- PAGE 6 ---
'Woo. I bp 
tat Ve. 1.1 nay 
Claotaar1 • 
Mr.), Ho. 
Ye 
l• Mena PM sem 
4) was mosisellialC44.4.-404, 
• 
Sinn., a. 
• 
.t.... a...,..... 
nonvc Clan , ac.,o a •••• 
xr-r 
h•aa• 
Euro Dollar Exchange Rate (EUR USD) - Historical Chart 
Fent t.a /WOKS OM, s•Ortine re dor (WO - US. Our 4441,10)43Sir Fes bac) a UM Ps co," 
OJRUSOINCIveat raise cl Fe/n.707. 2018 is 
o ilnarWpainkos CI talcs* 
Oak 44444.re rilel 
e aim_ 
Mal 4 Mws• I tike I 1,10•4 I Wars I PO 4••• I id Von 
LAO 
Ia
-00 
cl 4.01.11AOMWay 
St* 
mere.-.. 
MCP co 
■ 
cal 
4V. tfr/ v. twirls fo 
iT 
141 
204 
1010 
3012 
1:44 
KM 
IOU 
,KTA,:;) 
n:i1 
„kto V 
MI! 
lip MIN 
EFTA00811747
--- PAGE 7 ---
From: Sablne GENAUX 
Subject: 11:4 : TR : Payments 
Date: March 24, 2006 at 9:02 AM 
To: Rich Kahn 
Dear Mr. Kahn, 
Please find herewith the list of items for LSJ. 
6' 
The boat departure should leave Havre Port end of March and should arrive 17TH April at Miami Port + 
days of redirection to St Thomas. 
(or more depending on weather, ...) 
Still waiting for your reply for the payment 
Best regards, 
Accounting Department 
4:5 qi/0, /(7/12/17 
32,7 33 
-----Message d'origine-----
De : Sabine GENAUX [mailtOl 
Envove : vendredi 24 mars 2006 14:57 
A: 
Objet : TR : Payments 
-----Message d'origine-----
De : Sabine GENAUX [mailto 
Envoye vendredi 17 mars 2006 15:07 
A: 
Objet : Payments 
Dear Mr. Kahn, 
Please let us know when you receive our DHL (should be today) and when we can expect payment. 
Thank you and best regards, 
Accounting Department 
Wanadoo vous informe que cet e-mail a ete controle par l'anti-virus mail. 
Aucun virus connu a ce jour par nos services n'a ete detecte. 
list Isj.xls 
EFTA00811748
--- PAGE 8 ---
PROCHAINE EXPEDITION 
LSJAJC-NY 
FOURNISSEURS 
SUPPLIERS 
ORDERS 
LOTS N° 
PRIX 
EUROS 
ROOMS AND ITEMS 
N° DE CAISSES 
N° OF PACKAGES 
MARC ARTHUR KOHN 
RAYSSAC 
731E 
862 
31- 
4552)
9109 
. 
8,183.00 
• 13,570.00 
ibi°13
Master Bedroom 
% 
Fossilised Wood Table Top 
(6D 
Wood Table Base 
Dressing Room 
Mirrors Wood 
ATELIER MISIA 
72/1. 
ill 
$
lidI
t 
4,000.00 
t)5 D 
Dormitory 
Minor 
/ilb 
ATELIER MISIA 
702 
li I 61-tf 
14,300.00 
@LOS 
-15 C) 
Movie Room 
a 
End of Sofa Tables 
LAURENT BEUFFE 
1032 
1,200.00 
Movie Room 
- 64 
Painting of 6 False Stone Panels 
back of the bookcase 
EFTA00811749
--- PAGE 9 ---
MILLION & ASSOCIES 
7111. 
1,32365 
Movie Room 
Stone Lions 
Mosher Bedroom 
VERDOT 
94/1. 
600.00 
Iron Bench 
DONA SOL 
96/1. 
\I '
 '541,1, 
/ 
2,900.00 
O D 
Office
Pair of Lamps in Black Wood 
s 0606 u) 
Master Bedroom 
DONA SOL 
91/1.
8,920.00 
Mirror of Wood and trimmings 
Blue Lamp 
Wall Sconces - Plastic 
TAJAN 
7411. 
863.25 
Terracotta Vase-Lamp 
Office 
Master Bedroom 
ABATJOURISSIMA 
9811. 
2,266.00 
Electrification and 
ABATJOURISSIMA 
8911. 
265.00 
Lampshades 
EFTA00811750
--- PAGE 10 ---
DONA SOL 
92/1. 
300.00 
Movie Room 
Wall Lights on Bookcase 
DONA SOL 
ATELIER 181 
77/1 
116/1. 
504.00 
500.00 
Dressing Room 
101 
Lamps 
and decorative painting 
DONA SOL 
DEGROOTE 
99/L 
79/L 
# r _ 
504.72 
22,650.00 
5212,114 
Master Bathroom 
- 92 • 93 
Porcelain Sinks 
Bathroom Cabinets 
VSO 
BATAILLARD 
BATAILLARD 
SEIGNEUR 
DONA SOL 
DONA SOL 
DONA/SIMILI VT 
82/1. 
85/1. 
83/1.
81/1. 
88/1 
7U/U1
cn
i
110/1 
S 
\ 
t  7U/U1
DONA/FREY 
WV 
/ 
1,300.00 
650.00 
18,828.00 
5,049.00 
560.70 
315.00 
370.50 
Study 
101 
Curtains Rods 
Curtains Rods 
Pairs of Double Curtains 
Fabric 
Movie Room 
Fabric for cinema Curtain 
Fabric for slippers yellow 
armchairs 
EFTA00811751
--- PAGE 11 ---
PESCHETEAU BADIN 
112/1. 
3,676.00 
Movie Room 
Vases, bowls,plates ceramic 
EL TAPISERO 
80/1. 
2,500.00 
Study 
Striped Rug Wool 
EL TAPSIERO 
90/1. 
1,008.00 
His clinking 
Cotton Rug 
CAMARO & AS$OCIES 
106/1. 
1,709.76 
Movie Room 
Vase Ceramic 
CHRISTIAN SAPET 
SEIGNEUR 
DONA/BISSON 
I07/L 
108/1 
111.O. 
3,500.00 
450.00 
660.00 
Study 
Wicker Armchair 
DONA SOL 
101A. 
5,180.00 
Movie Room 
Masks 
Stools 
Feathers Hats 
DONA/ASIATIDES 
114/1. 
1,593.28 
Study 
End of Sofa table 
I Straw Cushion 
Dormitory 
Ashtrays 
Glass Elephant vases 
Black and Orange Vases 
Ceramic Small Boxes 
DEGROOTE 
95/1 
25,000.00 
Master Bedroom 
-90 
Armoires Oak 
ALAIN VAGH 
105/1. 
3,927.66 
Master Bedrrom 
Lava Tops for bathrooms 
cabinets 
DONA SOL 
100/1, 
461.95 
Master Bedroom Suite/Entrance 
I Framed Mirror 
ASTUGUEVIELLE 
87/1 
8,800.00 
Movie Room 
Columns painted corde 
ANTIQUES ET PRESENTS 
117/1. 
L
liti 
300.00
Movie 
f 3i 
Rpm,. 
rt) VID 
EFTA00811752
--- PAGE 12 ---
MR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EAST 71ST STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 
10022 
J. P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
PROPOSAL NO. 30440 
PAGE 1 
AMOUNT 
ITEMS FOR: ST JAMES - OFFICE 
OFFICE - LIECHTENSTEIN DESK 
Purchase of a large and rare cherrywood library, 
plan or map desk, Vienna circa 1020 from the 
princely house of Lichtenstein. 
Cost includes restoration. 
PLEASE NOTE: THIS ITEM BILLED IN POUNDS 
AUGUST 14, 2006 
DEPOSIT 
ITEM 
VENDOR: JOHN HOBBS LTD 
(-0.00-) 
£ 150000.00X• f 150000.00 43610 
TOTAL 
150000.00 
£ 150000.00 
PLEASE RETURN PROPOSAL WITH 100.00% DEPOSIT WHICH IS... £150000.00 
• ANTIQUES, FABRICS & OTHER MATERIALS REQUIRE 100% DEPOSIT 
TAX AND .7PM FEE INCLUDED IN DEPOSITS REQUIRED ABOVE. 
XmN0 TAX S-SPECIAL TAX 
SUBJECT TO 0.0006 TAX, DELIVERY ADDITIONAL (F.O.B. ORIGIN) 
PLEASE MAKE YOUR CHECK PAYABLE TO: 
J.P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
ACCEPTED: 
DATE 
EFTA00811753
--- PAGE 13 ---
#zi 
MR. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EAST 71ST STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 
10022 
J. P. HOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
PROPOSAL NO. 29480 
PAGE 1 
**** LITTLE ST. JAMES **** 
APRIL 19, 2006 
AMOUNT 
DEPOSIT 
ITEM 
OFFICE - LAMP BASES 
(2) Lamp bases; without electrification. 
PLEASE NOTE THIS IS BILLED IN POUNDS. 
VENDOR: JOHN KING 
1-0.00-1 
£ 
9000.00X* £ 
9000.00 41501 
30% JPM FEE ON ABOVE 
4.375% TAX ON JPH FEE PER NYC REGULATION 
VENDOR: JP MOLYNEUX STUDIO LTD. 
(-0.00-) 
£ 
2700.00S* L 
2818.13 41502 
TAX 
f 
118.13 
TOTAL 
E 11700.00 
£ 11818.13 
GRAND TOTAL 
E 11818.13 
E 11818.13 
PLEASE RETURN PROPOSAL WITH 100.00% DEPOSIT WHICH IS... £11818.13 
* ANTIQUES, FABRICS 4 OTHER MATERIALS REQUIRE 100% DEPOSIT 
TAX AND JPM FEE INCLUDED IN DEPOSITS REQUIRED ABOVE. 
XeN0 TAX SwSPECIAL TAX 
SUBJECT TO 8.625% TAX, DELIVERY ADDITIONAL (F.O.B. ORIGIN) 
PLEASE MAKE YOUR CHECK PAYABLE TO: 
J.P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
ACCEPTED: 
DATE 
EFTA00811754
--- PAGE 14 ---
From: Marten! Galindo 
Subject: Proposal 29480 
Date: April 20, 2008 at 3:38 PM 
To: Rich Kahn 
Dear Mr. Kahn, 
Please find attached a proposal for the Little St. James project. If you 
have any questions please feel free to contact the office. 
Thank you, 
Marleni Galindo 
man 
29480.doc 
EFTA00811755
--- PAGE 15 ---
MR. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EAST 71ST STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 
10022 
J. P. NOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
PROPOSAL NO. 31075 
PAGE 1 
AMOUNT 
ITEMS FOR: ST. JAMES - RESIDENCE 
GUEST POOL - POOL AREA WOODWORKING 
Fabrication and installation of pipe" woodworking 
and coffered Ceiling per JPN design and model. 
This will include columns with bolted base and 
center band, sculptured wainscoting, twisted metal 
cable chaicrail in brushed nickel, lattice upper 
wall panels, metal cable on band attaching to side 
of wood casing, crown, coffered ceiling panels and 
twisted metal cable in tension in place of beams 
and 4 hidden doors to match paneling. This will 
also include a study, shop drawings, fabrication, 
shipping, travel and lodging of personnel and 
installation. 
DECEMBER 13, 2006 
DEPOSIT 
ITEM 
PLEASE NOTE: THIS ITEM BILLED IN EUROS 
(-0.00-) 
81150000.00X e 379500.00 45238 
TOTAL 
61150000.00 
379500.00 
PLEASE RETURN PROPOSAL WITH 33.00% DEPOSIT WHICH IS... 6379500.00 
TAX AND JPN FEE INCLUDED IN DEPOSITS REQUIRED ABOVE. 
X-NO TAX S•SPECIAL TAX 
SUBJECT TO 0.000% TAX, DELIVERY ADDITIONAL (F.O.B. ORIGIN) 
PLEASE MAKE YOUR CHECK PAYABLE TO: 
J.P. NOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
ACCEPTED: 
DATE 
EFTA00811756
--- PAGE 16 ---
From: Doug Stine 
Subject: Mock-up 
Date: November 19, 2007 at 4:34 PM 
To: Rich Kahn 
<e..JPM1.JPG» Dear Rich 
This was the mock-up that was supplied for the pool woodworking. 
As I have stated the mock-up for the library is in fabrication and will 
be finished January 30th. 
Doug 
EFTA00811757
--- PAGE 17 ---
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
/-
MEMORANDUM 
To 
Arthur Tendler 
From: 
Darren K Indyke
...A...c.IL,„1/4. V, 
Value Date: 
April 28, 2015 
Debit Account # : 
680519 
to 11'/ ID I b `) o 
Please wire Eleven Thousand Five Hundred Euros (EUR 11,500) from the above 
account to: 
Receiving BIC: 
BNPAFRPPPLZ 
Receiving Bank Name: 
BNP PARIBAS 
Centre d'affaires: Elysee Haussmann Enterprises 
(00804) 
Receiving IBAN #: 
RIB #: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Street Address: 
Cont i and ZIP: 
Galerie Tamenaga France, S.A. 
18, avenue Matignon 
75008 Paris, France 
Reference: Jeff Epstein Invoice # FV 15-BC67 
EFTA00811758
--- PAGE 18 ---
salerie larnenacia 
s  
PARIS • TOKYO • OSAKA 
Paris, le 10 avril 2015 / pssix 10 April 2015 
Mr. Jeff Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
Saint Thomas, USVI 00802 
USA 
c/o Mrs. de Driven 
+ 41 22 758 24 24 
maria.debrignacedeckooint.ch 
FACTURE provisoire N° FV 15-BC67 
Judo OF PURCHASE No FV IS-BC67 
Un tableau de/One painting by: Takehiko SUGAWARA 
NUMERO / Nuenero: BC 67 
TITRE/Tint « Seccirubal » 
DIMENSIONS / Dimension: 90,9 x 116,7 cm / 35.78 x45.94 inches 
PRIX H.T. / Price with no tax:  
11.500 Euros 
ONZE MILLE CINQ CENTS EUROS /Elena thousand five hut 
Euros. 
Marchandises H.T. — ceuvre(s) exportee(s) / Pieces of art with no tax — for export 
Valeur FOB / FOB value 
A Bigler par virement bancaire /To be paid by wire transfer 11.500 Ewes 
BANK DETAILS / IBAN of: 
Galerie Tarnenaga France, S.A. 
18, avenue Matignon 
75008 Paris 
France 
B.N.P PARIBAS 
Centre d'affaires : Elysee Haussmann Entreprises (00804) 
IN..n tiller 
hi Ip1011 l' Sin i $ Pal i• • 
: II! .12 oo to 
•i2 
: III .7 42 Ito I 
wwwiamt.mg,wym 
EFTA00811759
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00811760
--- PAGE 20 ---
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Account Ending 0-13001 
p. 4/16 
Detail Continued 
Indicates posting date 
Amount 
06/25/13 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TYLPHOENIX 
AZ 
AMERICAN AIRLINES INC 
From: 
N/A 
To: 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Ticket Number: 00172868303782 
Passenger Name: SHUUAK/KARYNA 
Document Type: SUPPORTED REFUND 
Carder: 
Class: 
)1, 
TY 
YY 
YY 
-51,291A0 
06/29/13 
AMERICAN EXPRESS 11/LPHOENIX 
AZ 
AMERICAN AIRLINES INC 
From: 
To: 
Carrier: 
Class: 
BOSTON LOGAN INTER 
ST THOMAS CYRIL E 
AA 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Ticket Number: 00172895235030 
Passenger Name: ITO/JOICHI 
Document Type: SUPPORTED REFUND 
vr 
Die 
Date of Departure:07/03 
-5357.90 
New Charges 
Summary 
Total 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 0-13001 
0-12037 
Total New Charges 
$14,708.90 
520,78025 
$35,489.75 
Detail 
s
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Card EniNng 0-13001 
Foreign 
Spend 
Amount 
06/10/13 
DARTY TERNES 
PARIS 
PA 
0821082082 
51890 
European Union 
Euro 
$689.46 
06/10/13 
SNCF NEUILLY MAILLOTPARIS 
PASSENGER RAILWAY 
FR 
o
European742g 
Euro 
5973.88 
06/10/13 
ETAM 
PARUIS 
PA 
0155907600 
787,10 
European Union 
Euro 
51,041.49 
06/12/13 
HOTEL PLAZA ATHENEE PARS 
0153676665 
PA 
, 0 
European union
Euro 
$89.23 
06/14/13 
ITUNES MUSICUSA ITUNCUPERTINO 
(TUNES MUSK STORE 
CA 
$5.99 
06/14/13 
CHRISTIAN DIOR BOUTIPARIS 
0140735299 
PA 
4.928,94 
European i.t
Euro 
56,592.96 
Continued on next page 
EFTA00811761
--- PAGE 21 ---
MR. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EAST 71ST STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 
10022 
J. P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
PROPOSAL NO. 29779 
PAGE 1 
••'LITTLE ST. JAMES••• 
MAIN HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - TERRACOTTA FIGURES 
One pair of mythological terracotta figures. Circa 
1859, Designs by Heinrich von Ferstel and formerly 
on the Stock Exchange building in Vienna. 
Statue with a horn: H-120.5cm, W-94cm, D-103cm 
Statue with a fork: H-164.5cm, W-122cm, D-109.25cm 
PLEASE NOTE THIS IS BILLED IN POUNDS 
VENDOR: JOHN HOBBS LTD 
(-0.00-) 
AMOUNT 
MAY 24, 2006 
DEPOSIT 
ITEM 
50000.00X• E 50000.00 42201 
TOTAL 
C 50000.00 
E 50000.00 
PLEASE RETURN PROPOSAL WITH 100.008 DEPOSIT WHICH IS... £50000.00 
• ANTIQUES, FABRICS 6 OTHER MATERIALS REQUIRE 100% DEPOSIT 
TAX AND JPM FEE INCLUDED IN DEPOSITS REQUIRED ABOVE. 
X-NO TAX S-SPECIAL TAX 
SUBJECT TO 8.6255 TAX, DELIVERY ADDITIONAL (F.O.B. ORIGIN) 
PLEASE MAKE YOUR CHECK PAYABLE TO: 
J.P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
ACCEPTED: 
DATE 
EFTA00811762
--- PAGE 22 ---
From: Marled Galindo 
Subject: Proposal 29779 
Oat.: May 24, 2006 at 2:02 PM 
To: Rich Kahn 
Dear Mr. Kahn, 
ao 
Please find attached a proposal for the Little St. James project. If you 
have any questions please contact the office. 
Thank you, 
Marleni Galindo 
J.P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO 
- 
I 
29779.doc 
EFTA00811763
--- PAGE 23 ---
Subject Rig 
anti pad emeriti' 
From 
Date December It 2013 at 7331 PM 
To: Rthercl Kahn r harcrcannt 
Berta 
Daphne waxen 
ann rodiquez 
THis is the invoice for the rug that we bought for flagpole cabana. 
Should arrive in Miami on Friday. 
Forwarded 
From: Eve Bohlin 
Date: Mon, Dec 16, 2013 at 4:21 PM 
Subject: ru and ad recei is 
To:"
I checked on Kayla's schedule, and she'll be in tomorrow, which will 
allow plenty of time for the sisal rugs shipping to be taken care of by 
her (even if I had charged the shipping all on the same invoice, the 
rugs would still each be shipped in a separate roll). I'll also check in 
with her in the morning to ask that they get shipped out tomorrow. All 
the rugs, as well as the pad for the blue rug, should arrive in Miami 
on Friday. 
I've attached your receipts for the rug and for the pad. 
Best, 
Eve 
Evo Dalin 
Sales & Design Consultant 
tax -
days off: Wod. & Thurs. 
ABC Carpet & Home 
EFTA00811764
--- PAGE 24 ---
of p<koo up RUIS Plint ORETT. Duns< 
&I in nd..nnci. 
n'xtiamcom 
corpet & home 
NEW YORK. NV 
ABC CARPET & HOME 
ABC ORIENTAL 
ABC INTERNATIONAL DESIGN 
MADELINE WEINRIE1 ATELIER 
BRONX. NV 
BRONX WAREHOUSE OUTLET 
SOUTH HACKENSACK. NJ 
NEW JERSEY 
WAREHOUSE OUTLET 
EXT. 0222 
DELRAY BE(1O-1. FL 
ABC CARPET 
& HOME FLORIDA 
Rounns omkat dan fok Vult mfund. 
wolokti ao dan lot sron< MOA 
match/and« nor orauannbk pi 
excknnqinble afrui do dan. 
Spion( ondon and pnddinG nor 
nounnabli 
odenncdnbk. Rauw» 
mug bi windt RT lannon cf Punctinsc 
wide onic,img n«opr nnd otidn inicd 
mbookild ts nor nifundnbli. 
NO ntrusun WITTTOUIORIRTETTIL ABC med. 
odwar ncoprnruc br n dooftman 
OR ogien a/orka:ad bintdaK 
nomunrcrang stug( <omrol.« 
ddivon, r0 Ik COOH.TITITR. 
PLEASE SEE REVERSE 
FOR FURTHER TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS 
• 
Ir Ixdarro UP TOJCO siiin opm. !god< 
ogl en ndynn« 
nbchomt com 
OFFICE COPY 
.4IC in te n t [na Des19) 
S81 ?rooit 
Tal: 
Fan: 
late: 2/16/1.1 1:238 
81s, 1:ag C‘t Wil», 
5:.:09 
£5.0 
T 
1.1rt8 
Let 2:0 
Sild ItrifitaDI, 
al 9691B! 111: 
591 ERST 
TET 
D. 
• 
WIM TOF 
Pet 'rak 
B(10321 
Tel : :017) 'nl - 2E59 
Data t ta a: ab-013.012857-11L2 
ktt 
Tri, 9N ItscrhrtLTI 
Radii kv 
(muit 
R 
1.3%241 5>401-5.70 Ce.Cal1.0, 
$10.0.09 I 
thM.0) 2 
fe£Y 5 3s Sawke. 
$181.80 1 
SIR1.01 
9.1F IC 
KIM"... Ai(£až 
la, IE 
JEIN. StRit 
Klad 
TL 55178 
(551) 681 - 5599 
klim b's: 12/17/2013 
&edit trad InfOrsalim 
bth D.03:12E+2 
nstanno2031 
Proxi 
a/37sta): 
1,561 
:1)14 fa: 
118 
To% 
(tint: 
2.099 
12&-ta AB: 
d Of ;tm: 
»E< 
Liroilixtx thit I hm rail srd warstad tic star° soliala 
VP:orite ShIPPIN to tt adr To čd2rM move 
I aart to Ni (OR total alant acrxdbo io thg card Isstzr Nrdoamt. 
Trim& You lor SYC0102 Et ra...2FICEEelY 
fik alo 
OFFICE COPY 
Paz 1 
EFTA00811765
--- PAGE 25 ---
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
MEMORANDUM 
To 
Amanda Kirby 
Harry Beller i l 
AP
C
From: 
)
Value Date: November 19,1,201/3 
Debit Account # : 35266976 
)140.Ak '4)
•**** 
*•******* ************** * ******** **•*****•**** 
***** *****•**•** 
ee Thousand Six Hundred Fifty Euros and 00/100 Euros 
) from the above account to: 
Receiving Bank name: Credit Lyonnais 
Le Perreux De Gaule 
132 Avenue Du General De Gaulle 
94170 Le Perreux Sur Mame 
Receiving IBAN #: 
Sort Code: 
Code Guchet: 
BIC: 
Beneficiary name: 
M Damien Vannieenwenhove 
Beneficiary Account #: 
Reference: 
Facture 34 
RC 537825838 
EFTA00811766
--- PAGE 26 ---
damien vannienwenhove 
To 
Cc. RIM Knan 
Re Contacts 
Hi Rich 
November 19.2013 807 AM 
anausin . uua 
i am Damien the seder of Paris. My shipper will be contact you today with all detail for the 
transfed 
In my side . i send you my invoice for items and my detail bank for the transfers cf money 
Thank • u 
EFTA00811767
--- PAGE 27 ---
Noverreer 19. 2013 8.08NA 
e 
InEilEva crIDENTTITE 113.41VCA1FlE 
;LY CDNN A IS 
Egt 
liX DE GAULLE 
iaa.A./E-1\11 JE-- DU GENERAL DE GAULLE 
fii;J:101;,E PERREUX SUR MARNE 
Titulaire 
du compte 
M CIAMIUN VANIIVIENIVVEN.11-140VE 
Domiciliation 
E FERREUX 
DE GAULLE 
(00730) 
ronces 
bancaires 
nationales 
- 
Indicatif 
IV° de compte 
Clé 
00730 
00000467823 
érences 
bancaires 
internationales 
2R.17 3000 2007 2000 0004 6787 
379 
• 
.„. 
nee 
2013/11/19 damien vannienwenhove <ciaclayanniagmacom> 
EFTA00811768
--- PAGE 28 ---
WI\STO\ 
ART GROUP 
Retail Replacement Value 
WAG *: 8182/153542 
LOOSE ROUND BRILLIANT DIAMOND 2.36 CARATS 
One loose round brilliant cut diamond 2.36 carats, measuring 8.68 x 8.73 x 
5.17 mm , Color D, clarity Internally Flawless, polish Very Good, symmetry 
Excellent, Fluorescence none. For further details please see the attached 
GIA certificate *13096420 
FURTHER DETAILS 
CIA certificate #13096420 (see Appendix) 
WAG #: 8182/153539 
LOOSE ROUND BRILLIANT DIAMOND 2.28 CARATS 
One loose round brilliant cut diamond 2.28 carats, measuring 8.54 x 8.61 x 
5.18 mm, Color D, clarity Internally Flawless, Polish Excellent, Symmetry 
Excellent, Fluorescence Faint. For further details please see the attached 
GIA certificate #13100048 
113
-
FURTHER DETAILS 
GIA certificate 0 13100048 (see Appendix) 
WAG #: 8182/153541 
LOOSE ROUND BRILLIANT DIAMOND 2.13 CARATS 
One loose round brilliant cut diamond 2.13 carats, measuring 8.22 x 8.33 x 
5.20 mm, Color D, clarity Internally Flawless, polish Very Good, symmetry 
Very Good, Fluorescence none. For further details please see the attached 
GIA certificate # 12378695 
FURTHER DETAILS 
GIA certificate *12378695 (see Appendix) 
WAG te: 8182/153540 
LOOSE ROUND BRILLIANT DIAMOND 2.03 CARATS 
One loose round brilliant cut diamond 2.03 carats, measuring 8.19 x 8.31 x 
4.99 mm, Color Do clarity Internally Flawless, polish Very Good, symmetry 
Very Good, Fluorescence none. For further details please see the attached 
GIA certificate * 10177902 
FURTHER DETAILS 
GM certificate *10177902 (see Appendix) 
;115,000 
;95,500 
687,500 
$82,500 
Values as of June 24, 2015 
8182.1, Retal Replacement Value Appraisal 
East 57th Street * 29th Floor * New York, NY * 10022 * 
Page 7 of 32 
EFTA00811769
--- PAGE 29 ---
WINSTON 
ART GROUP 
Retail Replacement Value 
Grand Total (4 Items) $380,500 
Values as of June 24, 2015 
8182.1, Retail Replacement Value Appraisal 
East 57th Streets 29th Floor * New York, NW * 10022 * 
Page 8 of 32 
EFTA00811770
--- PAGE 30 ---
\ STO\ 
ART GROUP 
Appendix 
GIA Certificates (see corresponding WAG# 
noted upper left) 
Values as of June 24, 2015 
8182.1, Rated Replacement Value Appraisal 
East 57th Street * 29th Floor * New York, NY * 1 CO22 " 
Page 9 of 32 
EFTA00811771
--- PAGE 31 ---
WAG #: 8182/153539 
GIA 
GEM TRADE LABORATORY 
DIAMOND GRADING REPORT 
January 29, 2004 
Shape and Cutting Style  
ROUND BRILLIANT 
Measurements .    
—BASS - 823 x 5.17 mm 
2.36 *Nat 
Proportions 
Depth  
4% 
Girdle :....._ 
__........THIN TO MEDIUM, FACETED 
Culot  
Fnish 
VERY GOOD 
Synynetty 
Clarity Grade . 
INTERNALLY FLAWLESS 
Color Grade 
. 
. 
Fluorescence 
Comments: 
Minor details of posh are not shown. 
KEY TO SYMBOLS 
• 
CURITT
SCAT( 
I 
IRK 
COLOR 
!SCUT 
i 
fF 
• e 
t • a 
—
J 
; K
IN 
Ii
I 0 
; P 
F
; s
t ' V
i
wx
Fs-
Re. Yerk ataparts 
Filll 
IR. wt. u TWSS-ITOT 
T: 
I 4: 2125641.45 
Ciot5T4 
RIM ToctaS tort I 
'A ' 
ARTS 
T: 
X:41T6CO-.5W
F: 
RS, 
to bud t d a smote ',Los o t, t' 
It kyal pas ca 114O,:gtital“ a u 
rrtl frsaki Ivreta Att to. tin otti! WEL 
find rt &Am N CM Cr. ITS ltSztoi 
Tito 1St norTiwn KVT, Ids ten west 
cot to serer° a.: twat! :Sea L St; 
tot los latiralor it Ile Vs: 0 tkt 02ers.01 
t 
t1 LY 640h:2%4e/A Mt,* blf 
comiel 
lecolo mas-Ts rot 
to :Of ct-soTto tontet :Togrz.wO voco 
mossol In ITSITosc.iaztala; c, ?car., 
.W2 le &ten! =feral :hall. 14 
OM a 
$411(1-1$01 t'4,19 atail 
• tartithi lonswo 
Troia COW 
Gat law Vizigt tow 
RITTS:okoo.. elosal 
trelsto 
arlaTT Watt(' c itsrw, COT ob-
tots read dwiatlats (ccinoal tor. 
RIO *go:: kW& mum cloor"-•-• 
eta 04.54 N apRatcat clottaSzollt, 
ft. :.= :riot son WM 17a POoT 
rd k;10012i/Ivn d cbnliTITACoroo ing 
I fi  datlftais oved Of ten Geiz at irsl 
of al L1/4.10 R,l is:
s des Pt:rag r.2 oa 
=OA a CasaJ.3.0 :ree..a S Cita:cti alai 
em.t0Ce up 0W0.1t010-4 d KC ect:e a ea 
as mil cal( 
I/ MAW 0000MENI. STORE SAFELY 
U 
A OIICt IMPEPIttlr 
OS el CC 
4PIP1 CI' Mitt tt 
Values as of June 24, 2015 
8182.1, Retail Replacement Value Appraisal 
Page 10 of 32 
EFTA00811772
--- PAGE 32 ---
WAG #: 8182/153540 
vane.* 
1.2tV1.4: 
1.;I" 
t:k 
GIA 
GEM TRADE LABORATORY 
DIAMOND GRADING REPORT 
R
e 
Proportions 
January 26, 2004 
Shape and Cutting Style 
ROUND BRILLIANT 
Measurements 
..... 
......8.64 - 8.81 x 5.18 mm 
...2.28 carat 
Depth 
. 
.
. 
.. 
60A % 
Girdle 
..... 
....... ...... MEDIUM. FACETED 
Culot 
.. 
..__.....___....._.SMALL 
Finish 
-- 
-EXCELLENT 
Symmetry 
..... EXCELLENT 
Clarity Grade ........ -.....- ........ 
INTERNALLY FLAWLESS 
Comments: 
Minor details of polish are no; shown. 
KEY TO SYMBOLS 
au 
CURRY 
St SU 
Rana 
VIA
WIa 
vs. 
Ma 
18' 
I 
CIA 
COLOR 
•tUtt 
bar Yid &410/51. 
St File. Una I lkw hat n1(035.4/91 
1: 2:142145S8 I F: 212.55W 
Gedsbad 
455 Ant) Ogee It t+4 
405 
1: 40e81tS00 I F: 
110111111311111 
146012601 
lbw Fun b nil t cast That w asra-ti 
Du tat nits c Os Santa 41 is Ca-
radiant satattbkabul Fat cm 
nand cad titta ly Gli 6:a kW, US:41air 
tit 
lel rriatalwa. r Liz 123 tea tuts!. 
tui It nits la3 Samna stalt:a b 0A 
Gat Tsai Wang at Vt wadi. wcn 
SOU co rit taia W tea) twice. 144x1171
usactitt ten :d Xt.~ttaat".A7cSt 
It cig4 arata t4:tat aulaaaall iras 
tart at WI aura es t= ca Sza:a 
trait Rama rams" /oat y;li 
at nu taraza tra;a9 
zan 
van eavan 
etttla tran.cf.a: 
swim sma. ants 
=bin less 
Pnautttka:a. atundS Inn cratla cal! 
al .cCq katuar-a: s: crate N 
Abate elm--; a:atm:Su Radta) Gra r 
Mad apbaS &Ws Wand abaa:Leatia ft= 
dri Onilant tAnuana ft:antes, atl 
tlaci S sante Ann viral, au, at:. 
IldaPutit au F1 Wry ate= 
Lida 
ptitactusst 
aal 01 dent kali a tata 
alto Tti not elm Rims oaf 
tab watt tot, Ccabo ta 
:OM 
tt1t13WC al cm cote. 
'Maul uran 
HIPOILLUI UetaYEll STOIE SUM 
NOIRE. IMf :MANI 
sac 
twaalbtaNaa ntawlat 
Mack, 
Values as of June 24, 2015 
8182.1, Retal Replacement Value Appraisal 
Page 11 of 32 
EFTA00811773
--- PAGE 33 ---
WAG #: 8182/153541 
ntql7Z -illi 4Wr; r--- 6-7 
.y  
t
WA REPORT 12378695 
GIA 
GEM TRADE LABORATORY 
DIAMOND GRADING REPORT 
January 28, 2008 
Shape and Cutting Style ..-....- 
ROUND BRILLIANT 
Measurements
...._.8,22.8.33
5.20 mm 
Weight  
2.13 carat 
Proportions 
Depth 
82.8 % 
Table 
. .
. 
. . 
65 
Girdle .._......MEDIUM TO SLIGHTLY THICK. FACETED 
Finish 
Polish  
VERY GOOD 
Symmetry 
- 
VERY GOOD 
Clarity Grade 
— 
INTERNALLY FLAWLESS 
Color Grade  
. 
. 
. D 
Fluorescence 
NONE 
Commenter 
Minor details of polish aro not shown. 
KEY TO SYMBOLS 
WA 
CURRY 
SCALE 
awn 
m, 
IS, 
aI
Pr 
Is 
h 
.
1•1
1•10 
V 
168 
;COLOR 
'stet 
o 
r E
Sy. Yost Ihnhaas 
AM li
a:1194 
1: 
11: 
Wan 
515$1.w.11 CS I 100146131 
I: IS0:20.190) If 
IthcC 1ari noshlo, 'theta a 4-Ind 
10.0spal cciOns tkij W stawhatna ;Ws 04 
ardinninilgt1 We ifros ka ote,OU's4. 
nue s41 xastat Ls CM Gm 100 likatal 
Wu 101 sonkolth. 22116 S IX% 61111 
exo et Istshsw r ,/ tuna 1131Th '1 Ill 
Cs log Utailry ti ea bud tt 
rex g at tea el taw noutal. Wits 
tOntn/ 11:$ hie ia7 ta:six cara 
to:r. unpins, &cads, casdudist snci 
tostressi WIlitssuadststhicsal Um. 
kr.O.,3t *vest zonni anti. b. nults 
Mal von IlswastIcs m 
sync, :On 
:am 0lente..1 Minnow dsteels3 :fins, h64 
now,: to,:, Pis Ow tct.e Inv. 
,mpRevel .itilst 
sax:: tw 
3.1 ache lzh-atai 
ctuem 0« tc,JJ 
ett tICV. cbriolott ( czcv:A CoZ r 
Rd :h6sis dna anwsl deg:1sta thc,
0pcasnn rnaer.a 
%wed 
onkh. s14-4 sh!ces ost mkt 
mesas an al tbs./ dsnothSa dr-
chr.:`-senn 
aYu9>n 911120 Iv? 
tom sbet 11mons: Albs WA no 413 
t>al sarlplan k** w Cands$1 sist 
csa ae semi uarbi el vs tot Ivy 
al an' vs0 
ilIPOSTANI 110CII VIII. Still SPRY 
J.7 
ROM IUPORIIGI 
LtLIII/Ilttl$ 
Mann 0.V4 Cuictlicm arelit ' , selects. 
Values as of June 24, 2015 
8182.1, Retai Replacement Value Appraisal 
Page 12 of 32 
EFTA00811774
--- PAGE 34 ---
WAG #: 8182/153542 
t.
t
.
C 
GIA 
GEM TRADE LABORATORY 
DIAMOND GRADING REPORT 
November 26,2002 
Shape and Cutting Style ....-----.... ROUND BRILLIANT 
14001lidaMING 
..... 
..... ..-8.19 • 8.31 t 4.99 mm 
Weight 
203 carat 
Proportions 
Depth 
— 
5% 
Girdle 
TO MEDIUM, FACETED 
Culet  
 ..... ............. 
..... --.........VERY SMALL 
Finish 
Polish — 
_VERY GOOD 
Symmetry 
VERY GOOD 
Clarity Grade 
INTERNALLY FLAWLESS 
Color Grade 
Fluorescence . 
.... 
. . 
NONE 
Comments: 
Minor details of polish aro not shown. 
KEY TO SYMBOLS 
Od 
CLARITY 
SOMT 
MRS 
XX 
Wa, 
vat 
SI, 
m 
I 
h I 
.saima.mi•MO 
CIA 
COLOR 
SOMA 
L 
w 
X 
Xs York SSW= 
S
1:
qA 
1.
lISI 
IF: 
212415.9t0C.F. 
Rultli 
I C1444 CA rte.U.45. 
f: 1604$340 It 
°158410102
;maims na a forma Maim MM.t 
Tits Fold ,ebb 
eh kit daldiams a t I 
u4 dext44 Watt /4 Spat:I' 
tir“v..1 to Woolly F.1 Cu, 'v.?) le<rnY 
tok 1•';t 
•;-1 Pt-PIN,' ate r: 
I' 
CM tit 1.41,1WI v:.• rat d r< Writ 
tittr N no tea d 
cx444. reek? ‘4f 
seal otM Is vitae:0 nos at 
Ia aka SS* OS& embitel 'ft'? 
Sas* al 144 an. Jan:; nil tdrt4. 
*Lis Ozabl SSC And. Wt IIWY 
a id will SUSS ones rciarti. 
tau *1011 tuaratituitarslest 
namim dint AS Imo Skirq 
'nags
.  Platt Con. Cara MR 
*4 'Witty newru U *Aso Rif :Itch 
desa wmi thr‘tAta  
 kw 
itxt *IN* hos *Si ddriatnitti oh. 
tlta ais a sic #042zU rquetiks 
scrod. r4 lyd** 004 bkx* 'n paw 
vs2 amen* 
$ Walthora0R3 at (' 
Up:Slot ix* as brt Sat bob deaf 
m rl aid 
ft  kat my a* 
oak a creSid.freJa Web,* Ants 
taste* NO Matta 
d at Cali AO 
al a* rat 
IIIPORTAIT 00C*IILAI 
SOW 
101ICE:IMMIAVT 
liMlImiOBS el BACK 
annwera Lilian011We, /10 WICA 
Values as of June 24, 2015 
8182.1, RetaJ Replacement Value Appraisal 
Page 13 of 32 
EFTA00811775
--- PAGE 35 ---
WINSTON 
ART GROUP 
AFFIDAVIT 
STATE OF NEW YORK) 
SS: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK) 
I, David Sleeman, Director of Winston Art Group, Tax ID # 27-2541263, being duly sworn, hereby depose 
and certify: 
That the facts contained in this report are true and correct to the best of the ability of the appraiser. 
That the reported analyses, opinions, and conclusions herein are limited only by the reported 
assumptions and limiting conditions and are the appraisers personal, impartial, and unbiased 
professional analyses, opinions, and conclusions. That the appraiser has no personal or financial interest 
regarding the property or the parties involved. That the appraiser has no bias regarding the property or 
the parties involved. That this appraisal represents our best judgment and opinion as to the Retail 
Replacement Value of the subject property. That our appraisal will not be a representation or warranty 
with respect to authenticity, genuineness or provenance. That the values are given for the same or 
comparable items. That you agree to indemnify and hold Winston Art Group harmless from and against 
any and all claims, actions, damages, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including legal fees) relating to this 
appraisal. That the fee is charged on an hourly basis and is not contingent upon the value of the objects 
appraised. 
That on June 24, 2015, at the request of Mr. Richard Kahn, he caused Kelly Schaber, a qualified appraiser 
of tangibles of the kind and character set down upon the annexed schedule who has been in the 
appraisal business for over 30 years to examine and appraise the retail replacement value of property 
belonging to Mr. Richard Kahn, 9 East 71st Street, New York, New York. 
That the appraisal is prepared in accordance with the 2014-2015 USPAP. The values provided are as of 
the date of inspection, June 24, 2015. That the appraisal is for Retail Replacement Value, defined by the 
Appraisers Association of America as the amount it would cost to replace an item with one of similar 
and like quality purchased in the most appropriate marketplace within a limited amount of time. 
That this appraisal was prepared using the Comparative Market Data Approach, in which appraised 
value is based upon past prices for similar works by the same artist or artisan, or similar works by 
another artist or artisan of equal standing and related reputation. 
Values as of June 24, 2015 
8182.1, Retai Replacement Value Appraisal 
East 57th Street * 29th Fbor * New York, NY * 10022 * 
Page 3 of 32 
EFTA00811776
--- PAGE 36 ---
WINSTO\ 
ART GROUP 
That the Retail Replacement Value is: 
THREE HUNDRED EIGHTY THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED AND 
00/1 ($380,500.00) DOLLARS. 
Sleeman 
actor 
ned on behalf of all appraisers. 
Notary Public 
Signed and sworn before me this day 
1" day of July, 2015 
JOELLE KRAUS 
NOTARY PUBLIC•STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01KR6314174 
Qualified In New York County 
My Commission Expires November 03. 201e 
Vaves as of June 24. 2015 
8182 1. Retail Reolacerar. Vete Arpraisei 
page 4 ct 32 
East 57th Street 29th Floor New York, NY'10022 212.542.5755 
EFTA00811777
--- PAGE 37 ---
ESTIMAIE- S6 215 KS 
09/13/2011 
11O: 
SHIP : 
SIX Designs 
Epstein Residence 
301 East 66th Street 
lBC 
14O 
New York. NY 10065 
'Rh 
Attention: 
Project: epacin Aqua Area Rig 
To supply die following area rug spread over non skid pad to fit 
Quality: 100%Dull Silk, Hand tufted 
Color. White and Aqua to match selected porn CI 
Size: 12' x 12' 
Note: 75% Credit from Account 
S/14: SU( Designs -Epstein Aqua Area Rig 
lb order, kindly sign and return with 50% deposit. 
FOB additional. 
a 
SACCO 
12.240.00 
9.180.00 
Net ibtal: 
Sl2.240.00 
Deposit Ret.: 
Freight: 
$0.00 
Sales Tax (0.0000%) : 
Amount Due: 
53,060.00 
Mr 
ARP NPTPASJI RPFORESPIDIPPW OP %IFRCHANDHP PO • AND ALLPREVARDID IAXPC ARHADDDION Al. 
IL icing.: 
M.o. ten 
pare:• 
CL, Inawli L. ,...op• 
nnl •••2 $016 
.We AM' 4IIIIMIMOMI, 
wit bib.' N....I, b. ets•0, w.0106,6 
..dbmnbe thew bri bu an addle.ma I Juice. I- U•II0MIONIas al. PII.IMMMICA In alieltOmffi. 
Customer Signature 
Date 
SACCO CARET. NC. 
520 WOADW AY 
6TH RDOR 
NEW YORK. NY 10012 
in 
IA 
WWW.SACCOCARTHCOM 
Kim Stab. 
EFTA00811778
--- PAGE 38 ---
ESTEVIAlE - S6 2 6 7 KS 
09/30/2011 
1"O1 
SHIP : 
SIX Designs 
Epstein Residence 
301 East 66th Street 
Tic 
I 14 G 
New York. NY 10065 
Tbl: 
Attention: 
Ont. PO: 
S6267KS 
Tel 
Project: Epstein Conon Area Rug 
lb Supply the following Area Rug. Over and microbial non skid padding: 
Quaky: Cotton Rag. Woven Area Flog 
Color: Custom per cknt supplied sample 
Size: 15' x 15' 
Fringe: per sample 
Credit Client has credit on account: 75% off cote 
S/ M: SIX Design -Epstein -Area Rig 
lb order. kindly sign and return with 50% deposit. 
FOB additional. 
SACCO 
g 95 
15.900.00 
41.925.00 
Net Tafel: 
315.900.00 
Deposit Rec.: 
S-11.923.00 
Freight: 
$0.00 
Sales 11x (0.0000%) : 
Amount Due: 
$3.975.00 
IRREI4 A DR N PT CASH RYAS RF 4111, PRY C OF MFRCNA N DNB' FO R ANR W. RUYAN FAIC TARS 4RF sonmoNAL 
rho. 
..•41.1.tht 'la 
assucii‘ L. N. 
IN.' 
rt4, 
 C.4 t win I. 
ark, kid Am: 
vain. 444.1. Sir arc p mown.. 4 MI A-n. ..“ •• tiAL wild A • . .4.4A.. on.uD.Won .4 nwwha 
•41434 use Iliac wit be an addl6, 114 I Chi lg.:. Cal•ItIlat.IIJCP.. arc ..4 At:Elect lo or,ccttn. 
Onto m er Sigma tore 
SACCO CAPPER. EYC 
320 BROADWAY 
6Th BOOR 
NEW IONS NY 10012 
rn 
in 
WW W SACCOCARTLY COM 
Date 
Kim Ste abe 
EFTA00811779
--- PAGE 39 ---
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
MEMORANDUM 
To 
Janet, JP Morgan 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: 
October 4, 2010 
Re: 
JP Morgan 
Account # 739-110438 
**•********** ******** **** *********** ****************••**** 
******** *****• 
Please wire Three Thousand Six Hundred Euros (EUR 3,600) from the above 
account to: 
LCL Bank 
Releve D'Identite Bancaire 
CL Paris Pte Versalles 
Swift: 
IBAN #: 
S5192'5 
5.L. 
For the account of: 
Sarl Cie Moderne 
Et Contemporaine 
CC Le Malasiers 
93400 St Oven 
Re: 
Purchase of 4 sconces 
Please call Bella Klein if you have any questions. 
Ref. No 
EFTA00811780
--- PAGE 40 ---
Bella Klein 
IMG_0896 
From: 
Sent: 
111111.11.iii 
To: 
Bella Klein 
Subject: 
IMG_0896 
Hi Bella, 
JE wants to buy 4 sconces from a shop in Paris that doesn't accept credit cards. Please find attached the info for 
a bank transfer that JE would like done to purchase the sconces for LSJ. The amount is 3600 Euro. 
Please let me know if you have any questions and when it is done so I can arrange for them to be sent to the apt. 
here. thanks.. 
• RELEsid D'IDENtrrilygiSit 
"aoo au woes 
11M 01.07:01,1 
CrCOCIIIIPNIM 
Gel. ‘44.14/4 
milst0144:3tvs 
tusSi Cita 
salaam mow.* t. 
r.....ang • so 
I 7 
.36=• 
0:002 
sa:P; 
LE16Jl41LY
OttStatra. 
t-newm 41 nein G.4-.-Yu 
raii uoixirsyC•icf: 
• 
::,;;".• 
EFTA00811781
--- PAGE 41 ---
723 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK 1:WARMAN 
ST. THOMAS, USN 00802-1348 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
COMPANY AMERICAS 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10154 
1.103.210 
PAY TO THE 
ORDER OF 
Twelve Thousand and 00/100 
. 
YM Antiques 
-912/201-5-
"12,000.00 
DOLLARS • 
MEMO 
Oa 
II' OOO ? 230 I:O 2 1OO 1O 3 31: OS in 3 
6 g, 
? 
EFFREY EPSTEIN 
723 
YM Antiques 
DB JEE ckg 3526697 
9/2/2015 
12,000.00 
12,000.00 
EFTA00811782
--- PAGE 42 ---
YM 
EFTA00811783
--- PAGE 43 ---
ESTIMATE- S6 2 6 7 KS 
09/30/2011 
1DI 
SNIP 
SIX Designs 
Epstcin Residence 
301 East 66th St not 
1BC 
1146 
New York, NY 10065 
1bl: 
Tel: 
Attention: 
Project: Epstein C0R0n Area Rig 
To Supply the following Area Rug. Over and microbial non skid padding: 
Quality: Cotton Rtg, Woven Am. Rug 
Color. Custom per cfient supplied sample 
Size: 15' x 15' 
Credit Client has credit on account: 75% off cost 
St M: SIX Design -Epstein -Arta Rug 
lb order, kindly sign and return with 50% deposit. 
FOB additional. 
SACCO 
4157-
8.075 00 
4,056.00 
Net Total: 
58,075.00 
Deposit Rec.: 
54,056.00 
FY-eight: 
50.00 
Sa les Tax (0.0000%) : 
Amount Due: 
52,019.00 
putts ARFNFTCASH RFFORFSHIPPRIG OF SIEW1IANDIKP FO R ANn AO.PRFVAIING TAXFS 4RF ADDITRINAI 
Mit Peltalli nal oniony in onto a cI4.4 won be: incen ew pANN. 6cRa,. ('.AM nooks. neyk lahmnial. Inuat.s. 
and kaJ tint noi ;unranked. Sue are appn.v.w k. All Sion art e. be scatty Is ft,:the 
uncioNondr,-
,AciA ne N.w aA to an addsaw I OlaCpc. 
aal.-I. Je.: a4 whiNt to caneelowt. 
Customer Signature 
SACCO Con. INC 
620 NOADWAY 
6TH HOCR 
NEW 1010( NY MI 2 
in 
Pi 
W W SACCOCAWELCOM 
Date 
Kim Steube 
EFTA00811784
--- PAGE 44 ---
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
MEMORANDUM 
To 
Amanda 
From: 
Darren Indyke 
Value Date: 
March 16, 2015 
Debit Account # : 
35266976 
Please wire Sixty Four Thousand five Hundred Five ($64,506) from the above 
account to: 
Receiving SWIFT: 
Receiving Bank Name: 
Tel: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary account #: 
Reference: 2015-03-09 sale 135th Modem and Contemporary art 
EFTA00811785
--- PAGE 45 ---
From: Jeffrey E. Revacation@gmell corn 
Subject: Re: 
Date: March 16, 2015 et 328 PM 
To: belleldeln 
yes 
On Mon, Mar 16, 2015 at 3:14 PM, bellaklein ica. 
wrote: 
requested payment in the amount $64,506 (71,300,000 KRW) for 2 paintings purchased 
e action in Seoul. Please advise. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: March 16 2015 at 9:51:27 AM EDT 
To: bellaklein 
Hi Bella, 
• 
JE approved. Would you please make the wire. The shipment goes to Palm beach. Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "marie.debrignac" 
Date
 1S
t
To: " 
Dear 
Please find attached invoice for 2 large photographs bought on J.E. behalf for a total amount of 
KRW 71'300 in Seoul auction of Modern and Contemporary Art Auction on 9th March. Payment 
is to be made in KRW to the Kookmin Bank, Gochon Branch in Seoul for Seoul Auction. Please 
make sure that account mentions : Name of buyer, Sale Title and date and lot numbers. 
When payment has been made, pieces will have to be shipped either to N.York or the Virgin 
islands according to J.E. wishes. 
All best wishes 
Marie Therese 
EFTA00811786
--- PAGE 46 ---
EFTA00811787
--- PAGE 47 ---
EFTA00811788
--- PAGE 48 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
he us 
h 
r see. It is the property of 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00811789
--- PAGE 49 ---
ESTIMATE - S5353 KS 
12/09/10 
TO: 
SHOT*: 
SIX Designs 
Epstein Residence 
301 East 66th Street 
Virgin blinds 
I 13O 
New York. NY 10065 
This 
7b1 
Attention: 
Project: Master Bathroom 
To supply the following goods only: 
Quality: Marvel. 100%Nusilk. Cut pile, made in USA 
Color: BL216 Blue &JM 172 While 
Size: 10'6° X 13' 
Itadame: approx 8 weeks 
Padding: Heakhierchice Padding with MoistureBloe &Antimicrobial Protection 
lb order, kindly sign and return with 50% deposit. 
FOB additional. 
a 
SACCO 
47155 
11.650.00 
Net Thiel: 
$11,650.00 
Deposit Reed 
$0.00 
Weight: 
$0.00 
Sales Mx (0.0000%) : 
Amount Due: 
511,650.00 
VILLA ARE NFTCACR RFFORFRRIPPNG OFLFRrwAN0RF FO RAND All PRFYAIIINC TARR Alt,  ADIMICIN AL 
11R nont...t 6/../Sc/Nretine dy. noun: asp:Into amen De punk. Nee.. OA./ ne. wit •• %oink NabnuwAl. tannate 
an) had w4 ,•C vit.6.666J. Sue me Appn,untioe. An 
Jot .. he '<Ads e. wet i‘e on.e.11ason Pn merclumlow 
,Mm Re Roe Al he an n indesons I :ha iFe. Cw•m O.4on .66 me RANoa k‘ eancelbbon. 
Oastomer Signature 
Dote 
SACCO CAMS PIC 
520 8RO A DV/ AY 
601 DOOR 
NEW YON( NY 10012 
In 
WWW SACCOCARMCOM 
Kim Ste ube 
EFTA00811790

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811791.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valar Global Fund II LP 
Unaudited Financial Statements 
June 30, 2018 
VALAR 
EFTA00811791
--- PAGE 2 ---
Valar Global Fund 11 LP 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities, and Partners' Capital 
June 30, 2018 
Assets 
Cash 
$ 
404.138 
Investments, at fair value (cost $52,964,083) 
107.942.704 
Interest receivable 
94.782 
Total assets 
$ 
108.441,624 
Partners' Capital 
Contributions 
$ 
69,179.430 
Syndication costs 
(315,000) 
Net operating loss 
(6.315238) 
Net realized loss 
(9,086.189) 
Net unrealized gain 
54.978.621 
Total partners capital 
$ 
108,441,624 
EFTA00811792
--- PAGE 3 ---
Valar Global Fund II LP 
Statement of Operations 
January 1, 2018 through June 30. 2018 
Income 
Interest income 
S 
38,994 
Expenses 
Net management fees 
855,128 
Professional fees 
133,324 
General and administrative 
22,810
Total expenses 
1.011.262
Net operating loss 
Net realized loss 
(972,268) 
(9.086.189)
Net change in unrealized appreciation 
in fair value of investments 
27,966.596 
Net increase in partners' capital 
resulting from operations 
S 
17.908,139 
EFTA00811793
--- PAGE 4 ---
Valar Global Fund II LP 
Schedule of Investments 
June 30. 2018 
Shares 
Cost 
Fair Value 
Unrealized 
Gain/(Loss) 
N26 GmbH 
Series A Preferred Shares 
5.314 
$ 
4,802,996 
S 31.798.746 
S 26.995.750 
Series B Preferred Shares 
2,127 
5.562,347 
12.727.876 
7.165329 
Breather Products Inc. 
Series B-2 Preferred Shares 
4,175.999 
11.560.000 
22.966.324 
11.406.324 
Series C Preferred Shares 
1.050.985 
5.779.997 
5.779.997 
Kalo Industries Inc. (0k/a Lystable Inc.) 
Series A5 Preferred Shares 
1.542.649 
3,399.998 
3,399,998 
Series A4 Preferred Shares 
3,028,446 
4,705,599 
6,674.695 
1.969.096 
Series A3 Preferred Shares 
194,578 
174.634 
428.850 
254.216 
Series A2 Preferred Shares 
319.095 
179.012 
703.285 
524.273 
Even Responsible Finance. Inc. 
Series A Preferred Shares 
1.627,564 
3,093,999 
6.484,866 
3.390.867 
Series B Preferred Shares 
140,808 
561,035 
561.035 
Granify, Inc. 
Series A-3 Preferred Shares 
1.215.895 
3,782.163 
3.782.163 
Convertible Note 
489,600 
489,600 
Trade It. Inc. (f/k/a Trading Ticket, Inc.) 
Series Seed Preferred Shares 
1.464255 
1.160.000 
1.700,000 
340.000 
Series Seed-2 Preferred Shares 
1.101.479 
1,278,817 
1,278.817 
Common Shares 
329,662 
107.780 
382.738 
274.958 
Deposit Solutions GmbH 
Series B Preferred Shares 
668 
1,153.583 
2,134.987 
981,404 
Homie, Inc. 
Series Seed-2 Preferred Shares 
1,569,713 
1,699,999 
1,699,999 
Convertibe Note 
170.000 
170.000 
Common Shares 
212,894 
170,002 
230.564 
60.562 
Vend Limited 
Series D Preferred Shares 
503,288 
1,336,200 
1,382.304 
46.104 
Stash Financial, Inc. (f7k/a Collective Returns, Inc.) 
Series Seed-2 Preferred Shares 
92,270 
169,998 
1,360,925 
1,190,927 
EFTA00811794
--- PAGE 5 ---
Valar Global Fund II LP 
Schedule of Investments 
June 30, 2018 
Shares 
Cost 
Fair Value 
Unrealized 
Gain/(LossI 
Eden, Ltd. 
Series 1) Preference Shares 
738.246 
S 
509,980 
S 
704.361 
S 
194.381 
Convertible Note 
195,103 
195.103 
IrisVR. Inc. 
Series AA Preferred Shares 
215,942 
170.000 
258.612 
88.612 
Series A Preferred Shares 
129,308 
154,859 
154.859 
Camera, Inc. 
Series Seed Preferred Shares 
275,660 
170,000 
265.618 
95.618 
Jopwell. Inc. 
Series A-I Preferred Stock 
170,622 
226.382 
226.382 
Total Investments 
$ 52,964.083 
$107.942.704 
S 54.978.621 
EFTA00811795
--- PAGE 6 ---
VALAR 
Limited Partner: 
Fund: 
Commitment: 
Paid in Capital: 
Remaining: 
Unaudited Statement of 
Changes in Partner's Capital 
As of 06-30-2018 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Velar Global Fund II LP 
$15,000,000 
$14,550,000 
$450,000 
Current 
Quarter 
Year to 
Date 
Inception to 
Date 
Partner's capital, beginning 
$20,961,349 
$17,718,634 
$0 
Contributions 
$0 
$300,000 
$14,550,000 
Net operating income/(loss) 
Management fees 
($91,322) 
($180,217) 
($1,123,095) 
Partnership expenses 
($15,626) 
($32,575) 
($298,468) 
Interest income 
$4,090 
$8,136 
$26,334 
Total net operating income/(loss) 
($102,858) 
($204,656) 
($1,395,229) 
Distributions 
$0 
$0 
$0 
Transfer 
$0 
$0 
$0 
Net realized gain/(loss) on investments 
($1,495,729) 
($1,895,721) 
($1,895,721) 
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on investments 
$1,637,709 
$5,082,214 
$9,741,421 
Partner's capital, ending 
$21,000,471 
$21,000,471 
$21,000,471 
EFTA00811796

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811797.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valar Global Fund III LP 
Unaudited Financial Statements 
June 30, 2018 
VALAR 
EFTA00811797
--- PAGE 2 ---
Valar Global Fund III LP 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities, and Partners' Capital 
June 30.2018 
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
$ 
3.360.542 
Investments, at fair value (cost $54.143.077) 
104.150.863 
Interest receivable 
1.01$ 
Total assets 
$ 
107.522.420 
Partners' Capital 
Contributions 
$ 
61.486.320 
Syndication costs 
(139,155) 
Net operating loss 
(3,832,531) 
Net unrealized gain 
50,007.786 
Total partners capital 
107,522,420 
Total liabilities and partners' capital 
$ 
107.522,420 
EFTA00811798
--- PAGE 3 ---
Vain Global Fund III LP 
Statement of Operations 
January 1.2018 through June 30.2018 
Income 
Interest income 
S 
4.215 
Expenses 
Gross management fee 
812,485 
Management fee reduction for syndication costs 
(31,500)
Net management fee 
780,985 
Professional fees 
126.629 
General and administrative 
64,298 
Total expenses 
971,912 
Net operating loss 
(967,697) 
Net change in unrealized appreciation 
in fair value of investments 
24,767,432 
Net increase in partners' capital 
resulting from operations 
S 
23.799.735 
EFTA00811799
--- PAGE 4 ---
else Glottal Fund III 1.P 
Schedule of Interments 
lone ;U. 24'8 
Comport 
Shams 
Coil 
I'm Value 
Utirealifed 
Gaisalmm) 
Stash Financial, Inc 
Sena D Preferred Sham 
1.647319 
S 10200.000 
S 24304,309 
S 14,104309 
Saki A Preferred Shares 
693.529 
1.937997 
10229.123 
8.291.126 
Sams C Preferred Shares 
217.494 
2.692576 
3307,902 
515.326 
Series I) Preferred Shares 
46,103 
679991 
679.991 
Clint S.A.S (r119a Guido) 
Saws A Ordinary Shines 
26.165 
3378.771 
19239.059 
13.860388 
Senn Seed Ordinary Shams 
6351 
344346 
4.669.874 
4,325228 
Octane Lending. Inc 
Sena A411Consemble Professed Sleek 
1.562226 
8,473.658 
10.815,443 
2361,785 
Sena II Convenkle Preferred Sleek 
294.122 
2.040.001 
2,040.001 
Common Stock 
129.127 
516.508 
895.612 
379,101 
Co),  AG 
Sena A Preferred Simms 
11,914 
4.422.963 
8.092.926 
3.669,963 
N26 Gmbll 
Mefened II Shares 
LOU 
4334.464 
6.570.383 
2.233921 
Pelat Can!. Inc 
Sena A Preened Shares 
4485126 
5.405289 
5.647.025 
241.136 
Canteen Mock 
lefty Mammal. Inc 
Series A Prefened Share. 
78.100 
2.375.245 
70.332 
5.505351 
98328 
5305.551 
27.796 
Spaceship Financial Scniom Pty Ltd 
Comestible Nola 
521276 
303,676 
418200) 
Molly IlK Technology Lined 
Series Seed Preferred Sures 
592.449 
210380 
.124.484 
13.101 
Cnnsenihle Nola. 
237375 
237.575 
Seed 17Mkwn. hie 
Simple Aeœlllell for future liquily 
340.000 
340000 
Peak Verdun:. Fund WM 
I smiled l'Ininership lateens 
306.000 
306.000 
Sylmar. Inc 
Simple Ageoneic for Future [quay 
217.600 
217.600 
Mirror Al Inc 
Conn-ruble Noies 
170400 
170100 
Andusil 'wineries. Inc 
Series Seed Pedaled Slack 
123.143 
68.000 
65100 
Ike Inc. 
Series Seed 'Inferred Slot* 
83,563 
67.999 
67.999 
fetal Imminent. 
$ 54.I43.077 
104.150.863 
S 50.007.786 
EFTA00811800
--- PAGE 5 ---
VALAR 
Limited Partner: 
Fund: 
Unaudited Statement of 
Changes in Partner's Capital 
As of 06-30-2018 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Velar Global Fund Ill LP 
Commitment: 
$25.000,000 
Paid in Capital: 
Remaining: 
$21,000,000 
$4,000.000 
Current 
Quarter 
Year to 
Date 
Inception to 
Date 
Partner's capital, beginning 
$26,904,496 
$23,182,649 
$0 
Contributions 
$1,750,000 
$3,750,000 
$21,000,000 
Net operating income/(loss) 
Management fees 
($140,042) 
($267,278) 
($1,061,658) 
Partnership expenses 
($30,978) 
($75,466) 
($299,472) 
Interest income 
$718 
$1,428 
$4,552 
Total net operating income/(loss) 
($170,302) 
($341,316) 
($1,356,577) 
Distributions 
$0 
$0 
$0 
Transfer 
$0 
$0 
$0 
Net realized gain/(loss) on investments 
$0 
$0 
$0 
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on investments 
$4,861,076 
$6,753,936 
$13,701,846 
Partner's capital, ending 
$33,345,270 
$33,345,270 
$33,345,270 
EFTA00811801

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811802.pdf
----------------------------------------
iilo, 33 
Mons ke q,tutkpa4i.i4( Set ttitiAd 
z
Ned 40 Demovik,k. MIL( &Hal 
(;(MM 
Jeffrey Epstein- Hurricane Damage to Fine Art Jewelry - USVI Cairn #610421 - Mclarens File #008021055.00 
b0 3,2.7 
• Need 12.E
 &6cct-ptiofti_diNvoloz, 
Status as of July 27, 2018 
Description of Item 
Invoice 
Attached 
L5.1 Location 
Insured Value 
Adjusters Comments 7.27.18 
Simply fountain 
Bushes • entryway 
4,177 Need artist name, materials and dimensions. 
Anthonys Outred Antiques - oil canvas signed aimee toilet 
Tunnel Storage 
• 23,717 Need confirmation of artist's name. No artist "Aimee Follets located. Need 
dimensions and title. 
Leah's Gallery- Ponce de Leon painting 
Tunnel Storage 
• 15,000 Need full artist's name, dimensions, date and title of work (if possible). 
Pinto • Christies Sir Anthony Van Dyck 
Tunnel Storage 
26,148 Need photograph, sale location, dimensions, year purdiased If possible. 
Pinto - Stairs Hall 129 
Tunnel Storage 
• 28,109 Need better description of object, artist, title, dimensions. etc.. 
Pinto - Mural Decoration of Fresco, 1930 
135,110 cost 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
• 50,000 
Need artist's name, title of work, dimensions (if not a paint in plaster, media). 
Pinto - Marble Furniture 
182,250 cost 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
• 50,000 
Possibly Moroccan (we provided images to expert for confirmation of FMV). 
Pinto - 40 Belts for Decoration 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
• 47,200 Textile (we provided images to expert for FMV). 
Pinto • Atelier Misia - Mirror 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
• 4,720 Need period, manufacturer size, etc.? 
Pinto • Degroote • Pair of Bathroom Cabinets 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
a 26,727 Need period. manufacturer, size, etc.? 
Pinto - Seigneur - Double Curtains - 6 pairs 
yes 
Tunnel Storage 
.O 22,217 Are the curtain rods antique or vintage? If so, need period, manufacturer. 
Plus Two Interiors - Teak antique chest 
58,883 cost 
Tunnel Storage 
• 50,000 Need photograph, Invoice, description of object including period, country of 
origins and dimensions. 
Weatherland Estate - 3 pieces 
Tunnel Storage 
• 
44,477 Need better description of object, artist, title, dimensions, etc.. 
Mckee Galary 
Tunnel Storage 
• 35,250 Need artist's full name, title of work, dimensions and media. 
Leah's Gallery - Pair of neo dassic paintings 
Tunnel Storage 
• 45,000 Need artist's full name, title of work, dimensions and media. 
Pinto - Atelier Misia • End of Sofa Tables (2) 
yes 
Tiki Hut 
• 16,874 Period, country of origins, manufacturer, materials. 
Pinto - Dona Sol - Pair of Lamps in Black Wood 
yes 
Tiki Hut 
• 
3,422 Period, country of origins, manufacturer, materials. 
Sacco Carpet -15' x it - rug 
Flag Pole Pool 
a 
20,400 Type of carpet unclear, photograph would be helpful, handwoven, machine 
made, etc.. 
Pinto • Degroote & Mussy - Oak door with mirror on face 
Flag Pole Pool 
as 20,473 Type of carpet unclear, photograph would be helpful, handwoven, machine 
made, etc.. 
JP Molyneux - Liechtenstein Desk 
yes 
Palms 
® 286,166 We await confirmation from expert that the desk's FMV Is not more than the 
scheduled amount. 
Dupagne Bronze Sculpture 
Palms 
80,000 Is this Arthur Dupagne? Is this figure pictured next to the couch? Would the 
bronze not have been restorable? 
JP Molyneux - Office Ump 
yes 
S Palms 
a 
21,743 Sent dots to expert for valuation. Confirm the lamps are tall desk lamp 
pictured on desk? 
JP Molyneux - Five Palms Woodworking 500,940 total cost 
yes 
Palms 
e? 50,000 Await opinion from expert. 
EFTA00811802
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein- Hurricane Damage to Fine Art Jewelry - USVI - Claim x610421- McLarens File #00&021055.00 
Status as of July 27, 2018 
Pinto Don Sol- Mem of Wood and Trounrigs & BSA Lamp 
yes 
Palms 
Galli* Imams Franca. SA • piMing by Takehiko Sugawara 
yes 
Palms 
Christian Dior - Dishes for LSJ 
Yes 
Palms 
ABC Home Furnishing 
Palms 
Leah's Gallery - shell box with bamboo lighting 
Palms 
JP Molyneux Pair of Mythological Terracota Figures 
Yes 
Palms-Outside 
ABC Broadloom • Rug 
St Croix Lookout 
Damien Vannieenwenhove - painting & sculpture 
yes 
St Croix Lookout 
Pinto - Marc Arthur Kohn - Fossilised Wood Table Top 
yes 
St Croix Lookout I 
Pinto - Marc Arthur Kohn - Fossilised Wood Base 
yes 
St Croix Lookout 
Tajan, SA - 2 chairs 
Grotto 
Man's Patek Phillippe Watch, Slivertont Dial & 3 Subdials 
Kite House 
Loose Diamond - 2.36 carats 
Yes 
Kite House 
Loose Diamond - 2.28 carats 
Yes 
Kite House 
Loose Diamond - 2.13 carats 
yes 
Kite House 
loose Diamond - 2.03 carats 
yes 
Kite House 
Pair of White Continental Urns 
Kite House 
Pinto - Atelier 181 - 2 Plaster Shells 
yes 
Kite House 
Sacco Carpet - 12' x 12' - rug 
yes 
Staff Cottage 
Sacco Carpet - 1.51x 
rug 
yes 
Staff Cottage 
Leah's Gallery - praying grey marble figure 
Staff Cottage 
Leah's Gallery - pair of bronze trees 
Staff Cottage 
Sacco Carpet - 9' x 10' - rug 
Cabana 1 
Sad Cie Moderne - 4 sconces 
yes 
Cabana 1 
Sacco Carpet - 10' x 11'5" - rug 
Cabana 2 
Leah's Gallery - Painting of reclining nude 
yes 
Cabana 2 
a 10,526 Cannot locate maker "Dona Sol". Photograph and/or dear description of 
a
maker and/or period needed. Are these antiques? 
12,616 This artist only seems to sell through dealer in Paris. One action sale
. 
6,593 Need pattern and number of settings. 
• 
5,670 Need better description. Is this the rug under the couch? 
• 1,900 Need better description and/or photograph. 
98,245 Checking with expert that to confirm FMV is not greater than scheduled 
amount. 
3,021 
• 
4,979 
• 
9,656 
• 16,013 
• 13,081 
el 
71,602 
120,750 
100,275 
91,875 
86,625 
56,644 
• 7,670 
12,240 
.B. 15,900 
• 
5,700 
• 
3,755 
15,300 
a 
a 
5.025 
9,704 
• 
12,000 
Is this the rug under table or the bed? 
Invoice is not dear. Please provide description printed on Invoice and 
photograph 
Sent Rich photograph and await confirmation item is depicted In photograph. 
Sent Rich photograph and await confirmation item is depicted in photograph. 
Who made the chairs? 
Need to confirm FMV has not increased. 
Need to confirm FMV has not increased, require statement from Insured. 
Need to confirm FMV has not increased, require statement from Insured. 
Need to confirm FMV has not increased, require statement from Insured. 
Need to confirm FMV has not increased, require statement from Insured. 
Need to confirm FMV has not increased, require statement from Insured. 
Not dear what these were. Are they depicted in any photographs? 
Dull silk 
Custom cotton rag area rug. 
Need photo and/or better description. 
Need photo and/or better description. 
Type of carpet unclear, photograph would be helpful, handwoven, machine 
made, etc.. 
Photograph (purchased from antique shop in 2010), or better description 
Type of carpet unclear, photograph would be helpful, handwoven, machine 
made, etc.. 
Need artist's name dimensions, media 
EFTA00811803
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein - Hurricane Damage to Fine Art Jewelry - USVI - Claim 4610421 • Mclarens File #008.021055.00 
Status as of July 27, 2018 
Sacco Carpet - 10' x 11'6" - rug 
Cabana 3 
(1) 
9,775 Cotton woven rug 
Leta. Gallery • Painting of Stated Women nominal stone wall 
Cabana 3 
„ 
12,000 Artist name, title, dimensions 
Sacco Carpet • 15' x 15' - rug 
Cabana 4 
A 
8,075 
Jean Pierre Secula - Chandelier 
Cabana 4 
• 7,188 Need photo or details of piece including period and size. 
Seoul Action - 2 paintings from Korea 
64,506 cost 
Cabana 4 
- 
50,000 Need artist name, media and dimensions or name of auction company and 
lot numbers. 
Sacco Carpet - 10'6" x 13' - rug 
yes 
Master Bathroom 
11,650 Need better description of type of rug. 
Sacco Carpet- 10'x 12' - rug 
Muter Bedroom 5 11,760 
Pinto - Degroote Pair of Oak Armoires 
Master Bedroom 
• 29.500 Need period and site or photograph. 
Leah's Gallery - Antique Furniture 
Master Bedroom 
• 30,000 Need photo or better description. 
Total Loss 
1,939,131 
EFTA00811804

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811805.pdf
----------------------------------------
athe tlictsbington pot 
1301 K Street, NW 
Washington, DC 20071 
202.334.6000 
August 16, 2018 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 10021 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
I've attempted to call you, but our researcher at The Washington Post is unaware if the cell 
phone number listed for you is a current and accurate number. I recently saw your address 
printed in the New York Post, so I figured I would try to send you a letter by mail. 
I'm one of The Washington Post reporters who broke the story of sexual harassment by Charlie 
Rose. During the reporting process, your name was mentioned to me by two of the women who 
were harassed by Mr. Rose. I must protect their confidentiality and the specific details of what 
they shared, but I was left with the general impression that at one point you had a strong 
friendship with Mr. Rose, and that perhaps that relationship had deteriorated because of his 
behavior toward the women working for him. 
I've largely moved on from the Charlie Rose story, but I do have a few lingering questions on 
my mind concerning your connection to Mr. Rose. 
am not sure that speaking to you will lead to a story or would necessarily be productive for 
either of us, but my continuing curiosity about the topic has driven me to reach out to you. I am 
hopeful that we could at least have a phone conversation, even if it is on background or off the 
record. My cell number is 202-815-9810. I am on Signal and WhatsApp if you prefer to reach 
out through an encrypted messaging app. 
Thank you for your consideration, and I hope to hear from you soon. 
Sincerely, 
0, 3 p urkivt 
Amy Brittain 
EFTA00811805
--- PAGE 2 ---
.1*(\si 
ttfteti 
• gig ilMslitngton Most 
1301 K Street, NW 
Washington, DC 20071 
(Me Washington Jost 
Amy Brittain 
Reporter 
1301 K Street NW 
Washington. DC 20071 
CAP DISTRICT 
ai i) 
1.7 AL*: 
7r,; I 1 
P\ . 75-eke/ 
FsaeT 
1\ 
New 
Noi'Y-1 
J1 100 
U.S. POSTAGE >› PaNEYSOWES 
ZIP 20071 $ 000.47°
417 
0000356482AU0 17 2018 
OO2 - 410209 
Illili.IIIIIII'lliIIIIIIIIIII,IIIIIiiIII.IIII.IIIII,IiIIIIIIIIIII 
EFTA00811806

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811807.pdf
----------------------------------------
James P. Cornelio 
Jack Goldberger, Esq 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Mr. Goldberger, 
August 15, 2018 
Prior to pleading guilty in 2005 to illicit sex with an underage male prostitute, I 
was a commercial finance attorney in Manhattan for over 20 years. 
I'm writing to you because you represented a client who might be interested in 
a case I've submitted to the U.S. Supreme Court (docket no. 17-1564 on the 
S/C website) in which I argue, among other things, that the CT quarterly sex 
offender address verification law violates a long line of precedent holding that 
laws which encourage arbitrary enforcement are unconstitutionally vague. 
But it's not the power of my legal arguments, of which I have no doubt and of 
which I have no doubt that you will have no doubt if you read my Petition, 
which may interest your client. It's the potentially explosive revelation of the 
bias of a Federal District Court Judge against sex offenders which led him to 
cite a case for a proposition for which that case clearly did not stand in order to 
defeat my claim. It's so explosive that the mainstream media, pundit and legal 
types whom I've attempted to engage have retreated into silence. 
Your client, I'm sure, has connections in those worlds far beyond anything I 
could dream of. While you have the authority to convince him of the truth of 
my claim. And once you convince him, I'm hoping he'll use those connections 
to help level the playing field between those who judge and those who are 
judged by exposing the hypocrisy and bias of at least this one particular judge. 
I know it's a tough decision to make. I think it's worth it. I hope he does too. 
Sincere 
bcc: Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00811807
--- PAGE 2 ---
James P. Cornello 
101 West Shore Road 
New Preston, CT 06777 
rep 
PtARTFORD Cr as3 
--1" 
t6 
203 PM 3.. 
s
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
East 71St Street 
New York, New York 10021-4102 
002 1-4 i 0209 
nl'III'i11,Ili„I 
+IP 
EFTA00811808

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811809.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 11 Filed 08/22/18 Page 1 of 1 
AO 440 (Rev. 06112) Summons in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of NeWlYork 
MARVIN GERBER AND KALMA KOENIG, on behalf 
of themselves and all others similarly situated, 
Pia intiff(s) 
V. 
rHE FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, XYZ CORPORATION, 
ABC, INC.. and JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
Defendant(s) 
Civil Action No. 18-7580 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: (Defendant's name and address) Jeffrey E. Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, New York 10021 
A lawsuit has been filed against you. 
Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (aX2) or (3)— you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff's attorney, 
whose name and address are: 
HACH ROSE SCHIRRIPA & CHEVERIE LLP 
112 Madison Avenue, 10th Floor 
New York. New York 10018 
If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 
Date: 
08/22/2018 
CLERK OF COURT 
/s/ D. Howie 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
EFTA00811809
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 1 of 26 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
MARVIN GERBER AND KALMA KOENIG, on 
behalf of themselves and all others similarly 
situated, 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
THE FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, XYZ 
CORPORATION, ABC, INC., and JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
Case No. 
INITIAL COMPLAINT 
ECF CASE 
Marvin Gerber and Kalma Koenig (collectively "Plaintiffs"), on behalf of themselves and 
all others similarly situated, by their attorneys, Hach Rose Schirripa & Cheverie, LLP ("HRSC"), 
bring this Complaint against the Defendants, The Financial Trust Company ("TFTC"), Jeffrey E. 
Epstein ("Epstein"),' XYZ Corp., and ABC, Inc., as follows: 
INTRODUCTION 
I. 
This is an action to recover damages on behalf of Plaintiffs and members of the 
proposed class, defined below (the "Class"), who are Noteholders and Bondholders of Towers 
Financial Corporation ("TFC") for harm suffered as a result of Defendants' conspiring and 
participation in a massive Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, an uncharged 
co-conspirator of Steven Hoffenberg ("Hoffenberg"). Epstein used The Financial Trust Company, 
XYZ Corp., and ABC, Inc. to conceal his ill-gotten gains, obtained from his participation in a 
Defendant Epstein is sued herein in his individual capacity as well as in his capacity as President 
and Chief Executive Officer of The Financial Trust Company. 
EFTA00811810
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 2 of 26 
fraudulent Ponzi scheme, from banks, financial institutions, and current investors. 
2. 
While Hoffenberg was convicted as a result of his role in this Ponzi scheme, Epstein 
has remained an uncharged co-conspirator.2 All the while, Epstein knowingly and intentionally 
utilized funds he fraudulently diverted and obtained from this massive Pont scheme for his own 
personal use to support a lavish lifestyle. All of Epstein's acts and omissions, as alleged herein, 
were in contravention to duties owed to TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class and in violation of the law. 
3. 
Defendants have acquired consistent and unlawful profits at the expense of Plaintiffs 
and the Class by creating and operating a fraudulent Ponzi scheme, as described herein, and without 
disclosing their fraudulent activities. Noteholders and Bondholders, such as Plaintiffs and the 
Class, have remained unaware of these deceptive practices until the recent affidavit of Non-Party 
Affiant Hoffenberg.3
4. 
On information and belief, Defendants' deceptive practices date back to the mid-
1980s, affect similarly-situated customers throughout the nation, and may have yielded hundreds 
of millions of dollars in unlawful profits to Defendants. Defendants' activities were the subject of 
a criminal investigation which led to the conviction of Non-Party Affiant Hoffenberg in the late 
1990s and several related civil lawsuits within this judicial District. 
5. 
Plaintiffs and other Class members could not reasonably have detected Defendants' 
deceptive, unlawful and unfair practices. While Plaintiffs and the Class realized the depth and 
breadth of the Pont scheme following Hoffenberg's conviction and the several related civil 
lawsuits, Defendants' involvement was purposefully concealed and not revealed until Hoffenberg's 
In United States of America v. Steven Hoffenberg, 94 Cr. 213 (RWS), 95 Cr. 321 (RWS), 1997 
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 2394 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 4, 1997), Judge Robert Sweet issued a Sentencing Opinion 
("Sentencing Opinion") which lays bare the fraudulent conduct that resulted in Hoffenberg's 
conviction and which was imputed to Hoffenberg's co-conspirators. See Exhibit A. 
See Exhibit B which is an affidavit from Hoffenberg detailing Defendants' deceptive practices. 
EFTA00811811
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 3 of 26 
recent affidavit. 
6. 
Plaintiffs bring this action as a class action on behalf of all similarly affected 
Noteholders and Bondholders of TFC to recover the hundreds of millions of dollars in investments 
misappropriated for improper and personal uses. 
JURISDICTION AND VENUE 
7. 
This Court has jurisdiction over this case pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §1331. In addition, 
the sum or value of the claims in this case, exclusive of interest and costs, exceeds $5,000,000 and 
Plaintiffs and other Class members are citizens of a state different than the Defendants. Therefore, 
this Court has jurisdiction over the remaining causes of action pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §1332(d). 
8. 
At all relevant times, the claims arose in this District. Defendants conducted and 
continue to conduct business based in this District. As such, the unlawful and fraudulent conduct 
alleged herein originated in and arose out of this District. Furthermore, Defendants reside and/or 
maintain a principal place of business in this District. Venue in the Southern District of New York 
is therefore proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §1391(a). 
PARTIES 
9. 
Plaintiff Marvin Gerber ("Gerber") is a resident of Wantagh, New York. Plaintiff 
Gerber was an investor and/or noteholder in TFC, a dissolved Nevada corporation which had its 
principal place of business in New York, New York. 
10. 
Plaintiff Kalma Koenig ("Koenig") is a resident of San Mateo, California. Plaintiff 
Koenig was an investor and/or noteholder in TFC, a dissolved Nevada corporation which had its 
principal place of business in New York, New York. 
11. 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein is an uncharged co-conspirator in connection with the 
fraudulent Pont schemes described herein. Defendant Epstein resides at 9 East 71st Street, New 
EFTA00811812
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 4 of 26 
York, New York 10021. 
12. 
Defendant The Financial Trust Company ("TFTC") is a hedge fund formed under 
the laws of St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands in 1996. Defendant TFTC was created, 
incorporated, owned, and managed, directly or indirectly, by Epstein, or entities controlled by 
Epstein. Upon information and belief, TFTC was created by and/or received monies, securities or 
proceeds which were obtained and/or raised pursuant to the fraudulent conduct described herein 
and without disclosure of the fraudulent nature. Defendant TFTC has misappropriated or converted 
such monies, securities and proceeds. 
13. 
Defendants XYZ Corp. ("XYZ") and ABC, Inc. ("ABC") are fictitious names. 
Plaintiffs reserve the right to amend this Complaint as a result of pleading fictitious parties. 
Defendants XYZ and ABC are believed to be specific companies engaged in the businesses of 
financial services and real estate, or subsidiaries thereof, including, but not limited to, holding 
companies, trust companies and hedge funds, which have been created, owned, or managed, directly 
or indirectly, by Epstein, or entities controlled by Epstein, during the period beginning from his 
relationship with TFC to the present. Upon information and belief, such entities were created by 
and/or received monies, securities or proceeds which were obtained and/or raised pursuant to the 
fraudulent conduct described herein and without disclosure of their fraudulent nature. Defendants 
XYZ and ABC are entities which have misappropriated or converted such monies, securities and 
proceeds but are not, as of yet, known by Plaintiffs at the time of the filing of this Complaint. 
14. 
Defendants XYZ Corp., ABC, Inc., and The Financial Trust Company, shall 
hereinafter be collectively referred to as the "Defendant Entities." 
15. 
Non-Party Affiant Steven Hoffenberg ("Hoffenberg") was the Chief Executive 
Officer of TFC from 1975 through April 1993 and was a co-conspirator of Defendant Epstein in 
EFTA00811813
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 5 of 26 
the massive Ponzi scheme described herein. 
16. 
On March 4, 1997, Hoffenberg was convicted by Judge Sweet of the Southern 
District of New York for his role in a massive fraud conducted through TFC and associated entities 
and perpetrated by him and his, until now, unnamed co-conspirators (the "TFC Ponzi Scheme"). 
See United States of America v. Steven Hoffenberg, 94 Cr. 213 (RWS), 95 Cr. 321 (RWS), 1997 
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 2394 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 4, 1997). Hoffenberg was convicted of conspiracy to violate 
securities laws by fraudulently selling securities in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371, mail and wire fraud 
in violation of 18 U.S.C. §§ 1341 and 1342, conspiracy to obstruct justice in violation of 18 U.S.C. 
§ 371, and tax evasion in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201.°
17. 
The TFC Ponzi Scheme was implemented through a host of illegal and fraudulent 
conduct which resulted in hundreds of million dollars in losses to over 200,000 investors who, 
directly or indirectly, purchased securities sold by TFC in the late 1980s through the mid-1990s. 
From the late 1980s and through the mid-1990s, the Noteholders and Bondholders of TFC (i.e., 
Plaintiffs and the Class) invested in these securities based on false memoranda, financial statements 
and supporting documents which promised profitable investments and high returns. 
18. 
Defendant Epstein and the Defendant Entities fraudulently obtained investor funds 
by playing key roles in the fraudulent schemes described herein, without disclosing the true nature 
of their activities, such that the Defendants were unjustly enriched, and therefore, may not in good 
conscience retain the continued beneficial interests of their ill-gotten gains. 
STATEMENT OF FACTS 
° Hoffenberg was sentenced to (i) twenty (20) years of imprisonment, followed by three (3) years 
of supervised release, (ii) a fine of one million ($1,000,000) dollars, and (iii) restitution owed in 
the amount of 5475,157,340 plus interest, which, with over 20 years of accrued interest, now totals 
approximately one billion ($1,000,000,000) dollars, which represents the losses as determined by 
the Bankruptcy Court of the victims of his Ponzi scheme. 
EFTA00811814
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 6 of 26 
19. 
From 1975 through April 1993, Hoffenberg served as Chief Executive Officer of 
TFC, a corporation which provided a wide array of financial services and assistance to its clients. 
Specifically, TFC was in the business of purchasing large volumes of outstanding receivables, and 
then collecting on them. 
20. 
TFC also owned and operated subsidiaries including Towers Credit Corporation, 
which purchased and purportedly collected on commercial accounts receivables; Towers Collection 
Services, Inc., which collected past-due accounts receivable for third parties on a contingency basis; 
and Towers Healthcare Receivables Funding Corporations I, II, III, IV and V (collectively the 
"THRFC Bond Funds"), which issued hundreds of millions of dollars in bonds and engaged in 
factoring healthcare receivables. 
21. 
Hoffenberg and Epstein joined forces in the mid-1980s. Prior to that, Epstein had 
been running International Assets Group Inc., a consulting company, out of his apartment in New 
York City. 
22. 
In or around 1987, Hoffenberg and TFC hired Epstein as an associate and expert 
consultant. This "consulting" engagement entailed Epstein assisting Hoffenberg full-time in all 
matters of business operations and management of TFC, as well as working with Hoffenberg to 
raise capital for TFC from investors. 
23. 
Defendant Epstein, through entities including TFC and the Defendant Entities, 
raised over five hundred million dollars ($500,000,000) from investors in the course of carrying out 
the TFC Ponzi Scheme. 
24. 
The Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Hoffenberg and Epstein through TFC was an 
intricate fraud which depended on Epstein and Hoffenberg's maintaining capital inflow to cover 
off losses incurred by existing investors. 
EFTA00811815
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:18-mi-07580-JP() Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 7 of 26 
25. 
For example, in 1987, TFC acquired a controlling interest in United Diversified 
Corporation ("UDC"), which conducted business through two Illinois insurance company 
subsidiaries, Associated Life Insurance Co. ("Associated") and United Fired Insurance Co. 
("United Fire"). 
26. 
Epstein was the architect of the plan to secure the approval from Illinois state 
regulators for TFC's acquisition of the insurance companies. Indeed, approval was obtained 
because Epstein represented to regulators that TFC would contribute three million dollars 
($3,000,000) to the surplus of United Fire — two million dollars ($2,000,000) immediately and an 
additional one million dollars ($1,000,000) at a later date. 
27. 
Thereafter, in or around November 1987, Hoffenberg and Epstein used Associated 
and United bonds as collateral in securities brokerage accounts, controlled by Epstein, in a failed 
take-over attempt of Pan American Airways, Inc. ("Pan Am"). When the take-over failed, largely 
due to the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, United Fire and Associated 
suffered devastating trading losses, resulting in attendant losses for investors in TFC. 
28. 
Epstein and Hoffenberg diverted investor funds to hide those catastrophic losses, 
while at the same time lining their own pockets with millions of dollars of investment capital to 
keep up with their lavish lifestyles. 
29. 
Notably, between November 1987 and July 1988, checks were issued by TFC from 
UDC and United Fire's accounts for a number of improper expenditures, including the payment of 
investment consultant fees for TFC consultants, including Epstein. 
30. 
Between December 1987 and June 1998, Hoffenberg and Epstein again used 
Associated and United Fire bonds as collateral in securities brokerage accounts, controlled by 
Epstein, to purchase and sell stock and options in a number of high risk investments, including one 
EFTA00811816
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 8 of 26 
in Emery Air Freight ("Emery"). Similar to the situation with Pan Am, TFC's attempted take-over 
of Emery was a dismal failure, resulting in massive trading losses to TFC. 
31. 
In the wake of these losses to TFC, Epstein manipulated the price of Emery stock to 
minimize the losses when the share price began to fall. In order to do so, Epstein opened and 
maintained a number of brokerage accounts to execute false trades in order to artificially inflate the 
price of Emery stock — while the company was in reality useless. Because Epstein did not have a 
license to trade, Epstein traded, purchased and sold stocks, bonds and other securities by what he 
referred to as "making the orders" through licensed broken. 
32. 
As the puppet master of Emery stock fraud, Epstein was making sizeable profits off 
his trading on insider information. According to Hoffenberg's sworn affidavit, annexed hereto, 
Epstein misappropriated the proceeds for not only his personal use, but also to start his own 
company, Defendant TFTC. 
33. 
United Fire and Associated lost over one million dollars ($1,000,000) on the 
purchase of Emery securities, due to the fact that the stock was purchased with funds borrowed by 
using insurance company bonds as collateral. 
34. 
Defendant Epstein and Hoffenberg concealed their unsavory activities through many 
deceptive actions, including but not limited to, routing all securities trades confirmations from 
brokerage firms to TFC, rather than to the insurance companies' offices; causing false entries to be 
made on the records of the insurance companies; failing to provide supporting documentation for 
expenditures; providing false information or withholding accurate information in annual and 
quarterly reports regarding the location and use of bonds; capital contributions made to the 
insurance companies; creating false documents; and closing out securities positions without regard 
to the profitability of the transactions. 
EFTA00811817
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-3PO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 9 of 26 
35. 
By the late 1980s, TFC became insolvent as a result of the massive losses it had 
incurred over the years. According to Hoffenberg, Epstein then devised a new fraudulent scheme 
to raise capital for TFC — namely, by selling Promissory Notes. 
36. 
From January 1988 through March 1992, TFC sold the Promissory Notes in private 
placements by means of six (6) separate private placement offering memoranda (the "TFC 
Promissory Notes"). Defendant Epstein and TFC, represented to investors that the TFC Promissory 
Notes were collateralized by accounts receivable owned by TFC. 
37. 
The six private placement offerings resulted in the sale of approximately two 
hundred seventy two million dollars ($272,000,000) in TFC Promissory Notes throughout the 
United States. 
38. 
Epstein fraudulently induced investors to purchase the TFC Promissory Notes by 
assisting in the preparation and the distribution of financial statements which used falsified income 
and asset figures to deceitfully conceal TFC's true financial condition. The falsified income and 
asset figures were a key component of continuing Defendant Epstein's Ponzi scheme. Since TFC 
had taken such heavy losses on a series of failed investments, the company was deep in the red. In 
order to sell investors on the idea of future profits from investment in the TFC Promissory Notes, 
it was necessary to show investors that TFC was profitable. 
39. 
As set forth in the accompanying Affidavit of Hoffenberg, annexed hereto, Epstein 
participated, directly and indirectly, in arranging to have a certified public accountant falsely verify 
that the financial statements reflected TFC's financial condition. 
40. 
Ultimately, only a small fraction of the proceeds from the sale of the TFC 
Promissory Notes were used for the purpose stated in the offering documents. The proceeds from 
the sales of the TFC Promissory Notes were used to pay TFC's operating expenses, including 
EFTA00811818
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 10 of 26 
personal expenses of the conspirators, and to pay interest on the TFC Promissory Notes which were 
not properly collateralized. 
41. 
Defendant Epstein, directly and indirectly, represented to investors that the face 
value of the collateral exceeded the face value of the TFC Promissory Notes. Instead, the collateral 
was a fiction backed by falsified receivables which did not exist. 
42. 
In or about July 1990, Epstein, through TFC and in furtherance of the Ponzi scheme, 
made additional efforts to raise capital and expand TFC by offering and selling additional debt 
instruments in the form of bonds to investors ("TFC Bonds"). 
43. 
Moreover, Defendant Epstein, directly and indirectly, created, or caused to have 
created, TFC subsidiaries, the THRFC Bond Funds, which were a series of corporate entities that 
issued the TFC Bonds. The TFC Bonds were sold pursuant to five (5) separate private placement 
memoranda which indicated that the proceeds from the sales of the TFC Bonds would be used by 
the THRFC Bond Funds, in whole or in part, to purchase healthcare receivables from TFC and that 
the healthcare receivables purchased from TFC would collateralize the TFC Bonds. 
44. 
Defendant Epstein and Hoffenberg deliberately misrepresented how investor funds 
would be used and subsequently misused the proceeds from the sale of the TFC Bonds. 
45. 
In preparation for acquiring healthcare receivables, TFC would provide a total figure 
for the amount of receivables it planned to acquire; in response, a percentage of the value of the 
receivables was released to TFC in cash. This cash was supposed to be used to make the first 
payment on the receivables. When more money was needed to operate TFC, Hoffenberg and 
Epstein provided inflated figures for the receivables to accommodate TFC's cash needs. Thus, 50% 
of the value of falsified receivables was released to TFC who used the cash to pay TFC's operating 
expenses. 
EFTA00811819
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 11 of 26 
46. 
Despite the intended and stated purpose in the offering documents, Epstein diverted 
the funds and funneled a substantial amount of the proceeds of the sale of the TFC Bonds to pay 
TFC's operating expenses. 
47. 
To cover up the fraud, Defendant Epstein directed collateral to be moved from one 
THRFC Bond Fund to another and falsified collateral records in the periodic reports to investors 
and SEC filings. Further, Epstein and Hoffenberg created phony receivables, then included those 
items in reports designed to misrepresent the true financial picture of the THRFC Bond Funds. 
Despite Defendant Epstein's central role in this now widespread, massive Ponzi scheme, his actions 
were taken on behalf of TFC — Hoffenberg's company for which Epstein only "consulted". 
48. 
Between July 1990 and May 1992, TFC sold approximately two hundred ten million 
($210,000,000) dollars in TFC Bonds. Like the TFC Promissory Notes, the financial statements 
provided to potential investors used falsified income and asset figures to conceal TFC's true 
financial condition. 
49. 
In February 1993, following a lengthy investigation, the Securities and Exchange 
Commission ("SEC") filed suit against Hoffenberg, TFC, and other TFC officials for, among other 
things, securities fraud through the circulation of false and misleading financial statements to 
investors regarding TFC's financial condition. 
50. 
In or around March 1993, TFC filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, and the 
Noteholders and Bondholders filed claims with the Bankruptcy Court to support their loss claims .$ 
51. 
On April 19, 1994, and as a result of the SEC investigation, Hoffenberg was indicted 
in the Northern District of Illinois on various fraud charges. 
s See In re Towers Financial Corporation, et. al. Case No. 93-B41558 (PBA) (S.D.NY. Dec. 8, 
1994). 
EFTA00811820
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 12 of 26 
52. 
The very next day, on April 20, 1994, Hoffenberg was indicted in the Southern 
District of New York on numerous charges resulting from the SEC investigation and lawsuit, 
including mail fraud, securities fraud in connection with the sale of the TFC Promissory Notes and 
TFC Bonds, unlawful conspiracy and obstruction of justice. The indictment pending in the Northern 
District of Illinois was transferred to the Southern District of New York in April 1995. 
53. 
In the course of the trial, Prosecutors in this District offered Hoffenberg a reduced 
sentence in exchange for information about his co-conspirators in the TFC Ponzi Scheme — namely 
Defendant Epstein's role. However, Hoffenberg did not disclose any details about Defendant 
Epstein's involvement, let alone orchestration, of the fraudulent scheme. It was only in May 2016 
that Hoffenberg provided the first insight to the public and authorities regarding Defendant 
Epstein's role.' 
54. 
As a result of Hoffenberg's refusal to implicate Defendant Epstein, Epstein was 
never indicted for his role in the TFC Ponzi Scheme. Epstein was never charged with any crime in 
connection with the TFC Ponzi Scheme. Rather, Epstein has been permitted to use the ill-gotten 
gains and misappropriated investor funds from his role in the TFC Ponzi Scheme to start and grow 
Defendant TFTC. 
55. 
On April 20, 1995, Hoffenberg pled guilty to conspiracy to violate the securities 
laws by fraudulently selling securities, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371; mail fraud, in violation of 
U.S.C. § 1341; conspiracy to obstruct justice, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371; and tax evasion, 
in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201. Hoffenberg also pled guilty to one count of the indictment 
transferred from the Northern District of Illinois. 
In May 2016, Hoffenberg through his attorneys, filed a Complaint in this District, docket number 
1:16-cv-03989, alleging similar causes of action against Epstein and the Defendant Entities, seeking 
relief on behalf of himself and as a constructive trustee of the Noteholders and Bondholders of TFC. 
EFTA00811821
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 13 of 26 
56. 
In or around April 1996, the Bankruptcy Court determined that the claims of the 
TFC Noteholders and Bondholders, in the total amount of $475,157,340, were valid and actionable. 
57. 
On March 7, 1997, for his role in the TFC Ponzi Scheme, Hoffenberg was sentenced 
to twenty years' in prison, a term of supervised release, as well as a one million dollar ($1,000,000) 
fine, approximately four hundred seventy-five million dollars ($475,000,000) in restitution, and 
court surcharges. 
58. 
The Sentencing Opinion sets forth fraudulent wrongful acts which were committed 
by Hoffenberg "and his co-conspirators." The Affidavit of Hoffenberg, annexed hereto, snakes 
abundantly clear that Defendant Epstein and the Defendant Entities were Hoffenberg's co-
conspirators. 
59. 
As per the Sentencing Opinion, Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators(i) used certain 
of the Associated and United's bonds as collateral in securities brokerage accounts in order to 
purchase stock of Pan Am and Emery; (ii) created false documents and filed false pleadings in 
related legal proceedings brought by state insurance regulators, closed out securities positions 
without regard to the profitability of the transactions, committed and suborned perjury, and 
concealed their fraudulent activities in connection with state insurance regulators' investigations; 
(iii) devised plans to sell Bonds and Promissory Notes and fraudulently induced the purchase of 
such Bonds and Promissory Notes in connection with the TFC Ponzi Scheme; (iv) in addition to 
creating fraudulent financial statements, arranged to have a certified public accountant falsely 
certify that the financial statements accurately reflected TFC's financial condition; (v) although the 
Promissory Notes were not properly collateralized, represented to investors that the face value of 
the collateral exceeded the face value of the Promissory Notes; (vi) deliberately misrepresented 
how investor funds would be used, and misused the proceeds from the sale of the Bonds; (vii) used 
EFTA00811822
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 14 of 26 
substantial amounts of the proceeds from the sales of the securities to meet TFC's operating 
expenses; (viii) created phony receivables to misrepresent the true financial ability to repay Bonds; 
and (ix) agreed from the outset of the SEC's investigation to take whatever steps they deemed 
necessary to obstruct that investigation and conceal their criminal activities. 
60. 
Beginning in the early 1990's, approximately one hundred (100) lawsuits, including, 
but not limited to, the cases listed below, were filed in the District Court of the Southern District of 
New York against Hoffenberg and TFC in connection with the TFC Pont Scheme: 
1:89-cv-0 1689-R0 
Foti v. Towers Financial Corp. 
filed 03/13/89 
I :92-cv-08998-SS 
United Air Fleet v. Hoffenberg, et al 
filed 12/14/92 
193-cv-00810-WK-AJP Gold, et a! v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02/10/93 
I:93-cv-00855-WK-KAR Field v. Twit Financial Corp., et! 
filed 02/11/93 
1:93-cv-00987-WK 
Ziegler v. Twrs Financial Corp., et al 
filed 02/19/93 
1:93-cv-0 I045-WK 
Ito v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02/23/93 
1:93-cv-01047-WK 
Batten, et al v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02/23/93 
I:93-tv-01094-WK 
Casey, et al v. Twrs Financial Corp., et al 
filed 02/25/93 
I:93-cv.0 1095-WIC 
Leibman, et al v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02/25/93 
I :93-cv-01155-WK 
Penner v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 03/01193 
l:93-cv-0 1303-WK 
Thorn, et al v. Twrs Financial Corp., et al 
filed 03/04/93 
1:93-cv-01543-WK 
Siudmak, et al v. Towers Financial, a al 
filed 03/12/93 
I:93-cv-01686-WK-KAR Bank Of Cape Verde v. TFC Funding Corp., en filed 03/17/93 
k93-cv-04449-WK. 
Dinsmore v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 06/30/93 
1:94-cv-00619-WK-KAR Davis v. Hoffenberg, et al 
filed 02/01/94 
1:94-ev-00724-WK 
Rothman v. Hoffenberg 
filed 02/04/94 
1:94-cv-00725AIC 
General Retirement. a al v. Hoffenberg. ct al 
filed 02/04/94 
1:94-cv-00814-WK 
Izzo, et al v. Hoffenberg, et al 
filed 02/08/94 
I:94-cv-02727-WK 
Amer. Intl. Lines, et al v. Towers Financial, et al filed 04/14/94 
1:94-cv-09344-WK-AJP Sheridan, a al v. Hoffenberg, et al 
filed 12/29/94 
1:96-cv-04656-MGC 
Cohen, et al v. Hoffenberg, et al 
filed 06/21/96 
1:96.ev-05125-PKL 
Cohen, et al v. Hoffenberg. et al 
filed 07/08/96 
1:93-cv-01080-WK-KARShawmut Bank v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02/25/93 
1:94-cv-0 I792-WK 
Shawmut Bank Conn. v. Reifenberg, et al filed 03/15/94 
1:90-cv-00056-U3S 
Sahlen & Assoc. v. Towers Financial Cor 
filed 01/04/90 
1:88-cv-09178-RWS 
Associated Dry Goods v. Towers Financial filed 1228/88 
1:93-cv-00992-WK 
Riviera v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 02119/93 
I:93-cv-01543-WK 
Siudmak, et al v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 03/12/93 
l:93-cv-04449-WK 
Dinsmore v. Towers Financial, et al 
filed 06/30/93 
I:91-cv-05231-UF 
Superstock, Inc. v. Towers Fin. Corp., et al filed 08/01/91 
I:93-cv-00961-WK 
Murphy, a al v. Twrs Financial Corp., et al filed 02/18/93 
1:93-ev-0 1927-WK 
Von Stange v. Twrs Financial Corp., et al 
filed 03/24/93 
closed 01/04/90 
closed 11/16/93 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 10/31/95 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 03/10/97 
closed 08/19/98 
dosed 08/02/00 
closed 08/02/00 
dosed 04/30/98 
closed 08/02/00 
dosed II/30/98 
dosed 06/26/96 
closed 06/28/96 
dosed 07/15/96 
closed 03/18/98 
closed 08/02/00 
closed 12/10/90 
closed 03/06/91 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 01/05/00 
closed 08/19/98 
closed 04/28/92 
closed 03/24/97 
closed 02/21/97 
61. 
Pursuant to Hoffenberg and the Sentencing Opinion, the victims of the TFC Ponzi 
Scheme include over 200,000 individuals, who are directly or indirectly the Noteholders and 
Bondholders of TFC, and are entitled to 5475,157,340, plus interest, which now totals 
approximately one billion dollars (S1,000,000,000). 
EFTA00811823
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 15 of 26 
62. 
The full extent of Defendant Epstein's involvement in the TFC Ponzi Scheme and 
related frauds, which harmed Plaintiffs and the Class, could not have been discovered prior to 
Hoffenberg's execution of the Affidavit annexed hereto. Hoffenberg's Affidavit, dated August 17, 
2018, sets forth for the first time, under the penalty of perjury, Defendant Epstein's full involvement 
in the TFC Ponzi Scheme.' 
63. 
While Plaintiffs and the Class were aware of the illegal activities which caused them 
and many others to lose hundreds of millions of dollars, Plaintiffs and the Class only knew that 
Hoffenberg had "co-conspirators" who remained unnamed, uncharged, and unindicted. 
64. 
Defendant Epstein continues to control the Defendant Entities which wrongfully 
received money fraudulently acquired from the Noteholders and Bondholders through the TFC 
Ponzi Scheme and the profits earned from monies misappropriated by Epstein and transferred as 
capital to the Defendant Entities including, but not limited to, Defendant TFTC. 
65. 
Defendant Epstein, individually, and by and through the Defendant Entities, 
continuously engaged in the fraudulent activities by concealing his fraudulent Ponzi schemes from 
banks, financial institutions and current investors of his margin account syndication. 
66. 
Defendant Epstein continues to deny his involvement in the TFC Ponzi Scheme and 
continues to wrongfully possess the funds to which Plaintiffs and the Class are entitled as victims 
of the TFC Ponzi Scheme. 
CLASS ACTION ALLEGATIONS 
67. 
This action is brought and may properly be maintained as a class action pursuant to 
Rules 23(a) and 23(b)(3) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. This action is brought pursuant 
Hoffenberg's 2016 Complaint contained no statements sworn under penalties of perjury and was 
ultimately withdrawn with prejudice by then-Plaintiff Hoffenberg. See Steven J Hoffenberg v. 
Jay E, Epstein, et al., Case No. 16-03989 (RJS) (S.D.N.Y May 27, 2016). 
EFTA00811824
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 16 of 26 
to 23(b)(3) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for money damages. 
68. 
This suit is a class action brought on behalf of a Class consisting of and defined as 
all investors, Noteholders, and/or Bondholders of TFC who, directly or indirectly, purchased the 
TFC Bonds and TFC Promissory Notes sold by TFC between 1987 and 1993. 
69. 
Excluded from the Class are Defendants, any entity in which any Defendant has a 
controlling interest, and the officers, directors, legal representatives, heirs, successors, subsidiaries 
and/or assigns of any such individual or entity. 
70. 
The members of the Class are so numerous that joinder of all members individually, 
in one action or otherwise, is impracticable. Plaintiffs believe that there are hundreds (if not 
thousands) of proposed Class members. 
71. 
There are numerous questions of law and fact common to Plaintiffs and the Class, 
including: 
A. whether Defendants, with intent to derive the use, enjoyment and profits 
rightfully belonging to the Plaintiffs and the Class, created a Ponzi scheme and 
concealed their actual intentions of convening the assets of Plaintiffs and the 
Class for their own personal use, upon which Plaintiffs and the Class reasonably 
relied to their detriment; 
B. whether Plaintiffs and the Class suffered monetary damages as a result of the 
Defendants' deceptive, unlawful and unfair actions and, if so, the proper measure 
of those damages; and 
C. whether the Defendants owed certain duties to TFC, the Plaintiffs and the Class, 
including, but not limited to, the duty to exercise the highest degree of honesty, 
care, good faith and loyalty in handling the securities of TFC. 
EFTA00811825
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Piled 08/21/18 Page 17 of 26 
72. 
Plaintiffs' claims are typical of the claims of the members of the Class, and it is a 
member of the Class described herein. 
73. 
Plaintiffs are willing and prepared to serve the proposed Class in a representative 
capacity with all of the obligations and duties material thereto. Plaintiffs will fairly and adequately 
protect the interests of the Class and has no interests adverse to, or which conflict with, the interests 
of other members of the Class. 
74. 
Plaintiffs' interests are co-extensive with and not antagonistic to those of the absent 
Class members. Plaintiffs will undertake to represent and protect the interests of absent Class 
members. 
75. 
Plaintiffs have engaged the services of the undersigned counsel. Counsel is 
experienced in complex class action litigation, will adequately prosecute this action, and will assert 
and protect the rights of, and otherwise represent, Plaintiffs and absent Class members. 
76. 
The questions of law and fact common to the Class, as summarized above, 
predominate over any questions affecting only individual members, in satisfaction of Rule 23(6)(3), 
and each such common question warrants class certification under Rule 23(c)(4). 
77. 
A class action is superior to other available methods for the adjudication of this 
controversy. Individualized litigation increases the delay and expense to all parties and the court 
system given the complex legal and factual issues of the case, and judicial determination of the 
common legal and factual issues essential to this case would be far more fair, efficient, and 
economical as a class action maintained in this forum than in piecemeal individual determinations. 
78. 
Plaintiffs know of no difficulty that will be encountered in the management of this 
litigation that would preclude its maintenance as a class action. Compared to individualized actions, 
the class action device presents far fewer management difficulties, and provides the benefits of 
EFTA00811826
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 18 of 26 
single adjudication, economy of scale, and comprehensive supervision by a single court. 
79. 
Defendants have acted or refused to act on grounds generally applicable to the Class, 
thereby making appropriate final and injunctive relief with respect to the Class. 
TOLLING THE STATUTE OF LIMITATION 
80. 
The applicable statute of limitation for each of the claims for relief asserted herein 
have been tolled by Defendants' acts of fraud, concealment, and intentional misrepresentation as 
described herein. Plaintiffs reasonably relied on the prior government investigations, which resulted 
in the conviction of Defendants' co-conspirator, and could not have discovered, even after 
exercising reasonable diligence, any of the claims for relief pleaded herein against Defendants prior 
to the affidavit of Non-Party Hoffenberg, executed on August 17, 2018. Plaintiffs, in fact, did not 
discover any of the claims for relief pleaded herein until after such time. 
CLAIMS FOR RELIEF 
FIRST CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Fraud) 
81. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
82. 
With the intent to derive the use, enjoyment and profits from TFC, Plaintiffs and the 
Class, and with the intent to injure such individuals, Epstein actively participated in devising the 
TFC Ponzi Scheme and he participated in acquiring assets and funds from such entities and 
individuals though TFC for his own personal gain or use, or the gain or use of the Defendant 
Entities. 
83. 
Under the guise of acting on behalf of TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class, Epstein actively 
participated in creating and executing several fraudulent Ponzi schemes. 
84. 
Epstein concealed his actual intentions of converting the assets of TFC, Plaintiffs 
EFTA00811827
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 19 of 26 
and the Class, to himself or the Defendant Entities for his own personal gain or use. 
85. 
Epstein utilized securities and cash, which properly belonged to TFC, Plaintiffs 
and the Class, and for which his co-conspirator Hoffenberg is court ordered to pay restitution, for the 
benefit of himself and/or the Defendant Entities. 
86. 
Epstein utilized these funds in contravention of their intended, disclosed purpose, 
and Epstein, ignoring the intended, disclosed purpose, transferred the funds to himself and/or to the 
Defendant Entities, for his own personal gain or use. 
87. 
TFC reasonably relied upon the Ponzi scheme, which was created and executed by 
Epstein, and that such scheme was in the best interests of TFC. 
88. 
Plaintiffs and the Class reasonably relied upon the fraudulent Ponzi scheme, which 
was created and executed by Epstein, and that such scheme was in the best interests of Plaintiffs 
and the Class. 
89. 
In an effort to continue to conceal this fraud from Plaintiffs and the Class, Epstein 
continues to hide and refuses to identify the assets and funds which were improperly transferred to 
Epstein and/or the Defendant Entities. 
90. 
In an effort to conceal the fraud from banks, financial institutions and current 
investors of his holdings and syndication of margin accounts, Epstein continues to hide and refuses 
to identify the assets and funds which were improperly transferred to Epstein and/or the Defendant 
Entities. 
91. 
As a direct and proximate result of the foregoing fraudulent acts, Plaintiffs and the 
Class have been damaged. 
92. 
The Defendants at all times acted with malice. 
93. 
The fraudulent actions of the Defendants merit the imposition of punitive damages. 
EFTA00811828
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 20 of 26 
SECOND CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Conversion) 
94. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
95. 
From approximately 1987 through 1993, Epstein as a "consultant" to TFC, caused 
the transfer of securities, cash and assets from TFC to himself and/or to the Defendant Entities. 
96. 
Through these transfers and his intentional diversion of cash and assets, Epstein, by 
and through the Defendant Entities, purposefully interfered with the rights of TFC, Plaintiffs and 
the Class deprived Plaintiffs and the Class of use and benefit of the cash and interest earned on the 
securities. 
97. 
Instead Epstein, by and through the Defendant Entities dishonestly usurped the 
benefit and/or use of the cash and interest earned on the securities for himself and/or for the 
Defendant Entities. 
98. 
As a result, because of use of the fraudulent means described herein, Epstein and/or 
the Defendant Entities have continued to enjoy, use, and benefit from funds diverted from TFC, 
Plaintiffs and the Class. 
99. 
As a direct and proximate result of these improper acts by Epstein and/or the 
Defendant Entities, Plaintiffs and the Class have been damaged in an aggregate amount in excess 
of S500,000,000. 
THIRD CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Unjust Enrichment) 
100. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
101. 
Epstein, as a "consultant" to TFC from approximately 1987 through 1993, caused 
EFTA00811829
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 21 of 26 
the transfer of securities, cash and assets from TFC assets or accounts to himself and/or to 
Defendant Entities. 
102. 
Further, because of Epstein and/or the Defendant Entities' participation in the TFC 
Ponzi Scheme, Epstein and/or the Defendant Entities received improper disbursements of funds 
from TFC as payment for his "services," including broker's fees on investment advice, in the form 
of monthly checks. 
103. 
Though these improper transfers, the intentional diversion of cash and assets, and 
the receipt of payment for "services" which amounted to defrauding hundreds of thousands of 
investors, Epstein, by and through the Defendant Entities, intentionally interfered with the rights of 
TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class and deprived them of the use and benefit of the cash and interest 
earned on the securities. 
104. 
Epstein, by and through the Defendant Entities, have long benefitted, and continue 
to benefit, at the expense of the Plaintiffs and the Class, as these funds have been used to create and 
maintain Epstein's lavish lifestyle. 
105. 
As a result of these improper acts by Epstein and/or the Defendant Entities, Plaintiffs 
and the Class have been damaged in an aggregate amount in excess of $500,000,000. 
FOURTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Breach of Fiduciary Duty) 
106. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
107. 
As an associate and consultant to TFC, Epstein was a fiduciary and owed certain 
duties to TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class, including, but not limited to, the duty to exercise the highest 
degree of honesty, care, good faith and loyalty in handling the securities of TFC. 
108. 
Upon information and belief, beginning in or around 1990, continuing through the 
EFTA00811830
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 22 of 26 
present, Epstein, in breach of his fiduciary duties and in violation of New York law, (i) transferred 
cash, securities and assets from the accounts of TFC for his personal use and/or for Defendant 
Entities, (ii) made a series of imprudent investments and loans resulting in a loss of considerable 
sums of money to TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class, and (iii) concealed the true nature of financial 
transactions of the Defendant Entities from Plaintiffs and the Class. 
109. 
Presently, Epstein and the Defendant Entities continue to conceal the true nature of 
financial transactions from banks, financial institutions and current investors of a syndication of 
margin accounts. 
110. 
These breaches of fiduciary duty were fraudulent, a conflict of interest with TFC, 
Plaintiffs and the Class, and constituted waste and mismanagement of the securities and investments 
of such entities and individuals. 
111. 
As a direct and proximate result of Epstein's willful, wanton and malicious breaches 
of fiduciary duties, individually, and by and through the Defendant Entities, TFC, Plaintiffs and the 
Class were damaged. 
FIFTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Negligence) 
112. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
113. 
As a "consultant" to Hoffenberg and executive and/or investment committees 
formed to make decisions with respect to the investments of Plaintiffs and the Class, Epstein owed 
a duty to Plaintiffs and the Class to exercise reasonable business judgment in the handling of the 
securities and investments. 
114. 
Beginning in or around 1987 through the present, Epstein, in breach of his duties, 
negligently invested the funds of TFC in securities that were inappropriate investments and caused 
EFTA00811831
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 23 of 26 
TFC to suffer tremendous financial loss. 
115. 
Beginning in or around 1987 and through the present, Epstein, in breach of his 
obligations, negligently transferred securities and cash from assets or accounts in TFC, properly 
belonging to Plaintiffs and the Class who invested in TFC Bonds and TFC Promissory Notes, into 
the Defendant Entities. 
116. 
As a direct and proximate consequence of Epstein's negligence, individually, and 
by and through the Defendant Entities, Plaintiffs and the Class have been injured. 
SIXTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Fraudulent Concealment) 
117. 
Plaintiffs repeat, reiterate and re-allege each and every allegation contained in all 
preceding paragraphs with the same force and effect as if more fully set forth herein. 
118. 
With the intent to derive the use, enjoyment and profits belonging to TFC, Plaintiffs 
and the Class, and with the intent to injure such entities and individuals, Epstein actively 
participated in devising the TFC Ponzi Scheme by participating in acquiring assets and funds 
though TFC for his own personal gain or use, or the gain or use of the Defendant Entities. 
119. 
Under the guise of acting for TFC, Plaintiff and the Class, Epstein actively 
participated in creating and executing several fraudulent Ponzi schemes. 
120. 
Epstein concealed his actual intentions of converting the assets of TFC, Plaintiffs 
and the Class to himself or the Defendant Entities for his own personal gain or use. 
121. 
With the knowledge that the assets of TFC were not being used for the benefit of 
Plaintiffs and the Class, Epstein transferred the assets to himself and/or to the Defendant Entities 
for his own personal gain or use. 
122. 
Through these transfers, Epstein, by and through the Defendant Entities, 
intentionally converted and disposed of the cash and interest earned on the securities for the benefit 
EFTA00811832
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 24 of 26 
or use of Epstein and/or the Defendant Entities. 
123. 
TFC, Plaintiffs and the Class reasonably relied upon the Ponzi schemes, which were 
created and executed by Epstein, and that such schemes were in the best interests of TFC, Plaintiffs 
and the Class. 
124. 
Plaintiffs and the Class became aware of the fraud and Ponzi scheme and the 
subsequent conviction of Hoffenberg and made all reasonable efforts to recover their lost monies, 
including but not limited to the nearly 100 civil lawsuits filed in this judicial district related to the 
fraudulent, negligent, and unethical behavior alleged herein. 
125. 
As a result of their efforts, Plaintiffs and the Class determined that Hoffenberg had 
co-conspirators. 
126. 
Despite the due diligence of Plaintiffs and the Class, the Defendants' continued 
misrepresentations, omissions, and fraudulent activities remained concealed from Plaintiffs and the 
Class; but for Non-Party Hoffenberg's recent affidavit, Plaintiffs and Class members would not 
have uncovered Defendants' identities and the nature of the Defendants' action and role in the TFC 
Ponzi Scheme. 
127. 
Plaintiffs and each member of the Class have lost money and been damaged as a 
result of Defendants' unfair, unlawful, and deceptive conduct alleged herein. They are accordingly 
entitled damages in an amount to be proven at trial. 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, the Plaintiffs respectfully request that the Court enterjudgment against 
the Defendants, as follows: 
A. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
EFTA00811833
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 25 of 26 
Class as a result of the Defendants' fraudulent acts; 
B. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
Class, as a result of the Defendants' conversion of property belonging to Plaintiffs and the 
Class; 
C. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
Class as a result of Defendants' unjust enrichment; 
D. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
Class, as a result of the Defendants' breaches of fiduciary duties; 
E. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
Class, as a result of the Defendants' continuous wrongful and negligent acts; 
F. Ordering compensation in an amount to be determined at trial, with additional damages, for 
all general, special, incidental, and consequential damages suffered by the Plaintiffs and the 
Class, as a result of Defendants' fraudulent concealment of Defendants' unfair, unlawful, 
and deceptive conduct; 
G. Awarding Plaintiffs and the Class their reasonable attorney's fees and costs, to the fullest 
extent allowed by law; and 
H. Granting all such additional or further relief as this Court deems just and equitable under 
the circumstances. 
EFTA00811834
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7 Filed 08/21/18 Page 26 of 26 
JURY DEMAND 
The Plaintiffs hereby demand a trial by jury. 
Dated: August 20, 2018 
Respectfully submitted, 
HACH ROSE SCHIRRIPA & CHEVERIE LLP 
By:/s/ Frank R. Schirripa 
Frank R. Schirripa 
Daniel B. Rehns 
Hillary M. Nappi 
112 Madison Avenue, 10th Floor 
New York, New York 10 
Telephone: 
Facsim 
Email: 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs and the Proposed Class 
Of Counsel: 
Gary H. Baise, Esq. (DC Bar #194878) 
600 New Hampshire Avenue, N.W. Suite 500 
Washington, D.C. 20037 
Telephone: (202) 518-6345 
Email: gbaise@ofivlaw.com 
Additional Counsel for Plaintiffs 
EFTA00811835
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 1 of 16 
Exhibit A 
EFTA00811836
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 2 of 16 
STATES DISTRICT COURT 
RN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
STATES OP AMERICA, 
- against - 
STEVEN ROPPENEERO 
Defendant. 
Sweet, D. J. 
AmmTPwriNG OEIMQN 
9SSSs--212---tEltel
• 9.5._ara-12111M
Defendant Steven Hoffenberg ( 0,Hoffenberg")pled guilty on 
April 2o, 1995, to five counts: (I) conspiracy to violate the 
securities, 
laws by fraudulently selling securities, in violation of 
U.S.C. g 371; (ii) mail fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C. ff 
1341, 1342; (iii) conspiracy to•obstruct justice, in violation of 
18. U.S.C. f 371; (iv) tax evasion, in violation of 26 U.S.C. 
7201; and (v) mail and wire fraud in violation of 18 U.S.C. sg 
1341, 1342, exposing him to a total maximum sentence under the 
applicable statutes of 25 years imprisonment followed by three 
years of supervised release. 
-"For the reasons set forth below, Hoffenberg will be 
sentenced to serve a term of imprisonment of 240 months, followed 
by three years supervised release, to make restitution in tho 
amount of $475,157,340, and to pay a fine of $1,000,000, all 
subject to the hearing now set for March 7, 1997. Pursuant to 18 
j/y//-7, 
EFTA00811837
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 3 of 16 
U.S.C. S 3011, a special assessment of $250.00, $50.00 per count, 
is mandatory. 
The Offens0 Conduct 
Until April 1991, Hoffenberg was the chief executive 
officer, president and chairman of the board of Towers Financial 
Corporation ("Towers"). 
In 1987, Towers acquired a controlling 
interest in United Diversified Corporation ("UDC"), which conducted 
business through its subsidiaries, Associated Life Insurance Co. 
("Associated") and United Fire Insurance Co. ("United Fire"). 
Hoffenberg later became chairman of the boardi of UDC, Associated 
and United Fire. 
Hoffenberg 
obtained 
the 
Illinois 
Department 
of 
Insurance's approVal for this acquisition by representing that 
Towers would contribute S3 million to the surplus of United Fire, 
supplying $2 million immediately and an additional $1 million at a 
later date. In approximately November 1967, Hoffenberg and his co-
if (-Fee 
€654 in 7 
onspiratoes used certain of the Associated and United Fire bonds 
as collateral in securities brokerage accounts in order to purchase 
stock of Pan American Airways, Inc. ("Pan Am"). 
When this
attempted acquisition failed, United Fire and Associated suffered 
trading losses of over $80,000. 
EFTA00811838
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 4 of 16 
Between November 1987 and July 1988, Hoffenberg also
removed blank checks belonging to UDC and United Fire from the 
offices of both companies, and then issued over fifty checks on 
these accounts. 
Many of those checks were issued for his own 
benefit or for expenditures', totalling over $3 million, unrelat4d 
to the insurance companies, ;including tuition costs and credit camd 
bills for Hoffenberg's stepdaughter; the payment of investment 
consultant fees for Towers; the purchase of Emery Air Freight 
stock; the payment of margin interest; the payment of private 
airplane leasing expenses.; legal and consulting expenses; and 
payments to Towers and one:of its affiliated companies, totalling 
$1.1 million. 
Between December 1987 and June 1988, Hoffenberg 4ind his 
.:cO1 
co-conspirators again used Associated and United Fire bonds as 
collateral in securities brokerage accounts to purchase and sell 
stock and options of companies, including Emery Air Freight. In 
this instance, as well as with the previous attempted Pan Am 
acquisition, Hoffenberg did not intend for these purchases of stock 
to be solely for the benefit of the insurance companies, but rather 
intended them to benefit Towers. 
On January 24, 1988, Towers contributed $1.8 million in 
capital to United Fire, $1 million of which was intended to fulfill 
Towers' agreement with state insurance regulators to make a $3 
million capital contribution by December 31, 1987. However, prior 
EFTA00811839
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 5 of 16 
est et 
to this contribution, Hoffenberg used the $1.8 mi]lion to pay for 
stock in Emery Air Freight in an attempt to acquire that company. 
The attempted acquisition of Emery Air Freight ultimately 
failed. .United Fire and Associated lost over $1 million on the 
purchase of Emery securities, as those stocks were purchased with 
fuids borrowed by using insurance company bonds as collateral. 
Hoffenberg concealed his activities froM Associated and United Fire 
by: routing all securities trade confirmations, periodic account 
statements and other communications from brokerage firms to Towers, 
rather than to the insurance companies'' leadquarters; causing false 
entries to be made on the records of the insurance companies; 
failing 
to 
provide 
supporting 
dOcumentation 
for 
certain 
expenditures; providing false information or withholding accurate 
information in annual and quarterly reports regarding the location 
and use of bonds, capital contributions made to the insurance 
companies, securities trading done with insurance company assets, 
and the financial condition of United Fire and Associated. 
"Yer-+'&i'(frteki 
Hoffenberg and his co-conspiratbrs alto created false documents and 
filed false pleadings in related legal proceedings brought by state 
insurance regulators; closed out securities positions without 
regard to the prOfitability of the transactions; committed and 
suborned perjury; and concealed their fraudulent activities in 
connection with state insurance regulators' investigations. 
a 
EFTA00811840
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 6 of 16 
Finally, in a further attempt to conceal their
activities, Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators filed a lawsuit in 
the United States District Court for the Northern District of 
Illinois against individual State of Illinois insurance regulation 
employees, alleging that these employees instituted "sham 
conservation proce4dings" against the insurance companigs and that 
their actions were'motivated by a '"personal animus." 
As a result of Hoffenberg's fraudulent activity, over $3 
million of the funds and assets of United Fire and Associated were 
misappropriated through trading losses, margin interest expenses 
and Hoffenberg's unauthorized use of insurance company funds for 
personal expenditUres. 
These misappropriations significantly 
reduced the capital available to operate the insurance companies, 
adversely affecting policyholders and shareholders of 'UDC. 
In July 1988, the Illinois Director of Insurance obtained 
an order placing UDC, Associated and United Fire in conservation. 
On February 14, 1989, Hoffenberg agreed, in a signed stipulation, 
to an entry of an order liquidating Associated and United Fire, 
based on Hoffenberg's agreement that both companies were insolvent. 
Hoffenberg lost control of these companies on March 3, 1989, when 
the liquidation order was entered. 
On June 27, 1991, three days before the end of Towers' 
1991 fiscal year, the Illinois Insurance Director filed an action 
EFTA00811841
--- PAGE 34 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 7 of 16 
ime 
charging Hoffenberg and others with using the insurance companies 
as an instrumentality of Towers, and with transferring investments 
and cash belonging to the insurance companies into various 
Hoffenberg-controlled brokerage accounts, in violation of the 
Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (the "RICO 
(; 
I • 
r 
Action"). The RICO Action alleged that the defendants had caused 
UDC, Associated Life and United Sire to suffer danagen in excess of 
S4 million, become insolvent, and• be placed in consarvation and/or 
liquidation. 
In an agreement dated May 4, 1992, the Insurance Director 
and the defendants agreed to settle the RICO Action, with Towers 
paying $3.5 million. Towers also agreed to sell its interest in 
Towers Diversified to tht:t Insurance Director for $1, and to 
withdraw objections to the liquidation of Towers Diversified. 
According to the SEC, Towers never disclosed the liquidation of 
these companies or the filing of this civil suit to its investors, 
and continued to carry the investment at its full cost. Towers 
further misrepresented this information in its Annual Reports of 
1989 and 1990. In the Towers Annual report of 1989, a note to the 
financial statements (completed after the agreement by Hoffenberg 
that the companies were insolvent and could be liquidated) 
suggested that Towers had never completed its agreement to purchase 
the companies and that the conclusion of the matter was "being held 
in abeyance pending the finalization of certain regulatory 
EFTA00811842
--- PAGE 35 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 8 of 16 
I 
matters." The 1989 report also falsely stated that there was no 
"other material litigation in which the Company [was] involved." 
The 1990 Towers Annual Report disclosed the litigation 
between Towers and the previous UDC owners, but made no mention of 
the "regulatory matters" referred to in the‘1989 report. 
Upon 
issuance of the 1991 Towers Annual Report, ithe company admitted 
that Towers had purchased UDC in 1987 and that the company was 
placed in "receivership within six months of the acquisition": 
however the note also stated that the Insurance Director had 
"instieuted a legal action to take possession of all assets of 
UDC." 
The financial statement continued, stating that it was 
management's belief that the Illinois Insuiance Director would not 
prevail and "that the Company will ultimately be determined to be 
entitled to all assets of UDC, in which case the .Company would 
experience no loss on this investment." At the time that this 
statement was made, the Insurance Director had already prevailed in 
the liquidation order, and Towers had already suffered a total loss 
on its investment. 
Hoffenberg, through Towers, was also engaged in illegal 
conduct in the New York area. Towers had two subsidiaries: Towers 
Credit corporation, which was engaged in "factoring," the purchase 
at a discount of commercial accounts receivable, and Towers 
Collection Services, Inc., which was engaged in the collection of 
past-due receivables for third parties on a contingency-fee basis. 
EFTA00811843
--- PAGE 36 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 9 of 16 
s&C 
Towers also owned and controlled Towers Healthcare Receivables 
Funding Corporations I, II, III, /v and V (the "THRFC Bond Funds"), 
which were formed to raise funds for the purchase of accounts 
receivable, and which purchased accounts receivable due to 
hospitals from Towers pursuant to an agreement with the 
bondholders' indentured trustee. 
Hoffenberg controlled Towers' 
daily operations, iilauding the flow of funds among d.necking 
accounts and the escrow accounts established for the proCeeds of 
the promissory notes. 
In the mid-1980's, Hoffenberg decided to expand'Towers. 
In order to raise capital, he and his co-conspirators devised a 
plan to sell Promissory Notes (the "Notes"). Towers sold the Notes 
in private placements by means of six separate offerihg memoranda 
prepared at Hoffenberg4s direction. Each issuance rf the Notes was 
purportedly collaterized by accounts receivable owned by Towers' 
subsidiaries, and was additionally guaranteed by Towers to the 
extent of its consolidated assets. The six offering memoranda, 
dated from January 1988 through March 1992, resulted in the sale of 
approximately $272 million in Notes through a network of registered 
broker-dealers throughout the United States. 
Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators fraudulently induced 
the purchase of the Notes by preparing and providing to investors 
financial statements which used bogus income and asset figures to 
falsely conceal Towers' true financial condition. 
The bogus 
EFTA00811844
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 10 of 16 
figures were created after it was determined that the company's net 
cash position was negative, and that a certain profit must be shown 
in order to sell the Notes. In addition to creating fraudulent 
financial statements, Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators arranged 
to have a certified public accountant falsely certify that the 
financial statements accurately :reflected Towers' financial 
condition. 
Only a small fraction of the proceeds from the sale of 
the Notes were used for the expansion of Towers' business, the 
purpose stated in the offering documents. The proceeds were used 
instead to pay Towers' operating expenses, including a private jet 
and a yacht used by Hoffenberg, and to pay interest on the Notes 
themselves. 
The Notes were not properly collaterized. Hoffenberg and 
his co-conspirators represented to investors that the face value of 
the collateral exceeded the face value of the Notes. In fact, the 
collateral was comprised in significant part of phony receivables, 
which were not worth the total outstanding debt of the investors. 
In addition, the accounts receivable reflected in the financial 
statements consisted mainly of collection receivables which Towers 
did not own, but only collected as agent and took a fee, and of 
certain healthcare receivables purchased by the THRFC Bond Funds. 
Receivables not actually owned by Towers could not properly 
collateralize the Notes. 
EFTA00811845
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 11 of 16 
In about July 1990, Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators 
made additional efforts to raise capital and expand Towers by 
engaging in the sale of a series of Bonds. To this end, Hoffenberg 
and his co-conspirators created the THRFC Bond Funds, a series of 
corporations which issued Bonds to purchase accounts receivable due 
to healthcare:institutions from Towers in accordance with a series 
of Indenture Agreements. 
The. Bonds were sold pursuant to five separate, private 
placement memoranda prepared at the direction of Hoffenberg and his 
co-conspiratdis. The private placement memoranda g21: each issuance 
of the Bonds represented that the proceeds from the sales of the 
Bonds would be used by the THRFC Bond Funds, in whole or in part, 
to purchase healthcare receivables from Towers, and that the 
healthcare receivables purchased from Towers would collateralize 
the Bonds. According to the offering documents, the obligors on 
the healthcare receivables would be major insurance companies such 
as Blue Cross/Blue Shield, State Farm Insurance Company, Aetna 
Insurance Company, Allstate Insurance Company, or government 
entities. 
The documents provided that more than 50% of the 
healthcare receivables must represent the payment obligations of 
insurers having a rating of "A" or better and Government entities 
under Medicaid or Medicare programs who had agreed in writing to 
send all payments directly to the servicer. No more than 50% of 
the healthcare receivables could represent the obligations of 
government entities which had not so agreed. 
to 
EFTA00811846
--- PAGE 39 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 12 of 16 
Between July 1990 and May 1992, Towers sold approximately 
$210 million in bonds through the five THRFC funds. The offering 
documents touted not only the quality of the healthcare 
receivables, but also the financial soundness of Towers; the Bond 
sales were promoted by .the figures in the fraudulent Towers 
financial statements. The:offering documents described Towers and 
its subsidiaries' as havinV'engaged in either servicing or adqui;:ing 
accounts receivable having an aggregate value in excess of 
S630,000,000 -- a vastly inflated number. 
The gross revenue 
figures in the offering documents were based on the bogus figures 
created by Hoffenberg and'his co-conspirators and certified by. the 
. certified public accountant. Accordingly, the Bond sales, like the 
Note sales, were promoted by fraud. 
Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators also deliberately 
misrepresented how investor funds would be used, and misused the 
proceeds from the sale of the Bonds. 
The strictures in the 
offering documents and the Indenture Agreements were ignored, and 
Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators used substantial amounts of the 
proceeds from the sales to meet Towers's operating expenses. 
Towers provided two kinds of reports to the Trustee on a regular 
basis: a cash request report and a collateral ratio report. Both 
were used to fraudulently obtain money from the Trustee. 
When Towers acquired healthcare receivables, it provided 
to the Trustee a total figure for the receivables it planned to 
EFTA00811847
--- PAGE 40 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 13 of 16 
b 
acquire, and the Trustee then released 50t of the value of the 
receivables to Towers to make the first payment on the receivables. 
As Noffenberg needed more money to operate Towers, he directed his 
co-conspirators to provide inflated figures for receivables to 
accommodate Towers's cash needs. In this;way, the Trustee released 
S0C:of the value of bogus receivables, an4 Hoffenberg had cash with 
which to meet his operating expenses. 
Towers was also required to send collateral ratio reports 
tothe Trustee. These reports were designed to ensure that each of 
the Bond Funds were properly collateralized by accounts receivable. 
Since Hoffenberg was using monies from the Bond Funds to pay his 
operating expenses, the Bond Funds did not have sufficient 
1::.collateral to support payments to Tbwers. To cover up the fraud, 
Hoffenberg directed his co-conspirators to move collateral from one 
Bond Fund to another, and to fabricate collateral for the reports. 
On numerous occasions, Hoffenberg and his co-bsEIAILInitaEs created 
phony receivables, then included those items in reports designed to 
misrepresent the Bond Funds' true financial picture. 
One condition to the issuance of the Bonds was that Duff 
& Phelps Credit Rating Company rate the Bonds as AA or better. 
Because Hoffenberg and 
his co-conspire
were acquiring 
healthcare receivables that were not from A rated insurers, and 
this might have affected Duff & Phelps's rating of the Bonds, 
Hoffenberg directed his employees to alter the reports sent to Duff 
EFTA00811848
--- PAGE 41 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 14 of 16 
& Phelps by combining healthcare receivables from small insurers 
and .adding those numbers to the amounts of receivables acquired 
from A rated insurers. 
The Indenture Agreement also prohibited Towers from 
holding any healthcare accounts receivable on its books for more 
than 90 days. After 90 days, it is less likely that a receivable 
will be collected. To secretly enable Towers to keep old accounts 
on their books, Hoffenberg directed employees to "freshen" accounts 
-- if an account was more than 90 days old, it was deleted and re-
entered as a "new" account. 
In or about 1989, the Securities & Exchange Commission 
("SEC") began an investigation of the fraudulent sale of Towers' 
securities by.Hoffenterg and his co-conspirators. In the course of 
this investigation, which ultimately resulted in a lawsuit against 
Towers, the SEC deposed Hoffenberg and numerous officers, employees 
and agents of Towers. The SEC also issued numerous subpoenas and 
requests for documents to Towers, Hoffenberg and his co-
conspirators. Hoffenberg and his co-conspirators had agreed from 
the outset of the SEC's investigation to take whatever steps they 
deemed necessary to obstruct that investigation and conceal their 
criminal activities. 
As part of his attempt to obstruct the SEC investigation, 
Hoffenberg gave false testimony to the SEC in New York City on 
EFTA00811849
--- PAGE 42 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 15 of 16 
several occasions between November 21 and December 12, 1991. 
1992, Hoffenberg directed Towers employees and associates 
In 
to 
testify falsely during the SEC investigation. Hoffenberg and his 
co-conspirators have also admitted to fabricating and falsifying 
_ .... 
documents in response to the SEC subpoenas. 
For example, in . 
response to the SEC request for accounting records supporting
Towers' financial statements, in or about May 1992, Hoffenberg and 
his co-conspirators instructed employees to fabricate computer runs 
of certain accounts receivable to reflect a 30% collection rate and 
to substantiate Towers's bogus accounting theories used in 
compiling its financial statements for 1989, 1990, and 1991. After . 
these false computer runs were created, Hof£enberg directed two 
employees to make tick marks on the runs so that it 4ppeared as if 
an accountant bad used _the runs in certifying the financial 
statements for the appropriate years. 
Towers then provided the 
runs to the SEC. 
Between 1987 and 1991, Hoffenberg evaded personal income 
taxes by causing his personal expenses to be paid by Professional 
Business Brokers, a corporation Hoffenberg owned. 
Some of the 
personal items that Professional Business Brokers paid included: 
Hoffenberg's rent and his stepdaughter's rent, salaries for 
personal servants, furniture and antiques for his residence, 
personal automobiles and maintenance, and maintenance for his 
personal residences. The additional tax due and =wing for each 
b 
EFTA00811850
--- PAGE 43 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-1 Filed 08/21/18 Page 16 of 16 
year is as follows: 1987: $7,230; 1988: 
1990: $199,674; 1991: $386,702. 
$31,068; 1989: $43,606; 
In March 1993, after the SEC had filed a lawsuit against 
Towers, Towers ;declared bankruptcy. The loss to the Noteholders 
and Bondholders, the victims of Hoffenberg's fraud, mas enormous. 
At the time of the Towers bankruptcy, Noteholders and Bondholders 
(as well as victims such as vendors and collections clients) filed 
petitions with the Bankruptcy Court to support their loss claims. 
As of April 1996, the Bankruptcy Court has already:determined the 
following Noteholder and Bondholder claims to be valid claits: the 
Bondholders filed valid claims of $196,948,864; the Noteholders 
filed valid' claims of $258,244,618; and a sepond class of 
Noteholders' filed valid claims of $19,963,858. The total of those 
claims equals a loss of $475,157,340. This figure represents the 
approximate losses resulting from the Towers fraud only and does 
not include losses resulting from the Illinois insurance company 
fraud, which totalled between $3 million and $4 million. The total 
losses attributable to Hoffenberg's conduct are $478,157,340. 
EFTA00811851
--- PAGE 44 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 1 of 8 
Exhibit B 
EFTA00811852
--- PAGE 45 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 2 of 8 
AFFIDAVIT OF STEVEN J. HOFFENBERG 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
STEVEN J. HOFFENBERG, being duly sworn, deposes, and says that: 
1. 
I am a not a party in the above captioned case 
2. 
I served as Chief Executive Officer of Towers Financial Corporation ("TFC") 
from 1975 through April 1993. 
3. 
TFC was a corporation which provided financial services and assistance to its 
clients and was in the business of purchasing large volumes of outstanding receivables, and then 
collecting on them. 
4. 
TFC owned and operated subsidiaries including Towers Credit Corporation, 
Towers Collection Services Inc., and Towers HealthCare Receivables Funding Corporations I, 
11,11I, IV, and V. 
5. 
In or around the mid-1980s, I was introduced to Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Epstein"). 
At the time we met, Epstein was running his own consulting company, International Assets 
Group Inc. out of his New York City apartment 
6. 
In or around 1987, I hired Epstein as an associate and expert to consult with TFC 
and me. Epstein was responsible for assisting me full-time in all matters of business operations 
and management of TFC, as well as raising capital for TFC from investors. 
7. 
Through TFC, Epstein orchestrated and planned an intricate fraud which 
depended on maintaining capital inflow to cover off losses incurred by existing investors. 
8. 
For example, in 1987, TFC acquired a controlling interest in United Diversified 
Corporation ("UDC", which conducted business through two Illinois insurance company 
EFTA00811853
--- PAGE 46 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 3 of 8 
subsidiaries, Associated Life Insurance Co. ("Associated") and United Fired Insurance Co. 
("United Fire"). 
9. 
In order to complete the acquisition, Illinois state regulators required their 
approval. Epstein was the architect of the plan to secure the approval from the regulators. In 
fact, the approval was obtained because Epstein represented to regulators that TFC would 
contribute three million dollars ($3,000,000) to the surplus of United Fire. 
10. 
After the insurance companies were acquired, in or around November 1987, 
Epstein and I used the insurance companies' bonds as collateral in securities brokerage 
accounts. Epstein controlled these brokerage accounts and the accounts were used in a failed 
take-over attempt of Pan American Airways, Inc. 
11. 
When the take-over attempt failed, the insurance companies suffered 
overwhelming trading losses, resulting in attendant losses for investors in TFC. 
12. 
In an attempt to hide these losses, Epstein and I diverted investor funds and used 
the money for our own personal needs. I believe Epstein used the funds as investment capital 
for corporations he controlled, including The Financial Trust Company. 
13. 
Between November 1987 and July 1988, I issued a number of checks from UDC 
and United Fire's accounts on behalf of TFC. These checks were used to pay for a series of 
improper expenditures including the payment of Epstein's "consultant fee." 
14. 
From December 1987 and June 1998, Epstein and 1 again used the insurance 
companies' bonds as collateral in securities brokerage accounts, controlled by Epstein, to 
purchase and sell stock and options in a number of high risk investments. 
EFTA00811854
--- PAGE 47 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 4 of 8 
15. 
In particular, one of these high risk investments was TFC's attempted take-over 
of in Emery Air Freight ("Emery"). This investment was an epic failure resulting in massive 
trading losses to TFC. 
16. 
In the wake of these losses, Epstein manipulated the price of Emery stock to 
minimize the losses when the share price began to fall. Specifically, Epstein opened and 
maintained a number of brokerage accounts to execute false trades in order to artificially inflate 
the price of Emery stock — while the company was actually useless. 
17. 
Epstein did not have a license to trade, but he was determined to trade, purchase 
and sell stocks, bonds and other securities. Epstein accomplished his goal by what he referred to 
as "making the orders." Epstein "made the orders" by utilizing licensed brokers to trade, 
purchase and sell stock. He traded these stocks based on his insider knowledge and, as a result, 
earned sizable profits. 
18. 
Epstein used the monies he misappropriated and earned from his illegal trading 
activities and used them as start-up capital for his corporations, including The Financial Trust 
Company. 
19. 
Epstein conceived many ways we could cover up our dubious activities. Some of 
the actions we took included routing all securities trades confirmations from brokerage firms to 
TFC, rather than to the insurance companies' offices; causing false entries to be made on the 
records of the insurance companies; failing to provide supporting documentation for 
expenditures; providing false information or withholding accurate information in annual and 
quarterly reports regarding the location and use of bonds; making capital contributions to the 
insurance companies; creating false documents; and, closing out securities positions without 
regard to the profitability of the transactions. 
EFTA00811855
--- PAGE 48 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 5 of 8 
20. 
In or around the late 1980s, TFC became insolvent because of the massive losses 
incurred over the years. Epstein devised yet mother scheme to raise capital for TFC by selling 
Promissory Notes. 
21. 
From January 1988 through March 1992, by means of six (6) separate private 
placement offering memoranda (the "TFC Promissory Notes"), Epstein and TFC represented to 
potential investors that the TFC Promissory Notes were collateralized by accounts receivable 
owned by TFC. This was not true. 
22. 
Epstein represented to investors that the face value of the collateral exceeded the 
face value of the TFC Promissory Notes. The collateral on the fabricated receivables did not 
exist. 
23. 
Epstein assisted in preparing and drafting the private placement offering 
memoranda which included financial statements filled with falsified income and asset figures 
intended to conceal TFC's true financial condition. 
24. 
To give more credibility to the offerings, Epstein arranged a certified public 
accountant to falsely certify the financial statements. It was imperative that potential investors 
believed that TFC was profitable. Without this belief, investors would never have faith they 
would earn future profits from the TFC Promissory Notes. 
25. 
Approximately two hundred seventy two million dollars ($272,000,000) in TFC 
Promissory Notes were sold throughout the United States. The proceeds of the sales were used 
to pay TFC's operating expenses, including private planes and other personal expenses of 
Epstein and me, and to pay interest on the TFC Promissory Notes which were not properly 
collateralized. 
EFTA00811856
--- PAGE 49 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 6 of 8 
26. 
In July 1990, Epstein made additional efforts to raise more capital and expand 
TFC by offering and selling additional debt instruments in the form of bonds to investors ("TFC 
Bonds"). 
27. 
Epstein created or caused to have created TFC subsidiaries — the THFRC Bond 
Funds -- which were a series of corporate entities that issued the TFC Bonds. 
28. 
The TFC Bonds were sold pursuant to five (5) separate private placenient 
memoranda. The memoranda indicated that the proceeds from the sales of the TFC Bonds 
would be used by the THRFC Bond Funds, in whole or in part, to purchase healthcare 
receivables from TFC and that the healthcare receivables purchased from TFC would 
collateralite the TFC Bonds. 
29. 
Epstein deliberately misrepresented how the proceeds of the sale of the TFC 
Bonds would be used. 
30. 
In preparation for acquiring healthcare receivables, TFC would provide a total 
figure for the amount of receivables it planned to acquire; in response, a percentage of the value 
of the receivables was released to TFC in cash. 
31. 
When more money was needed to operate TFC, Epstein would provide inflated 
figures for the receivables to accommodate TFC's cash needs. 
32. 
Epstein developed creative ways to hide this scheme. Epstein directed collateral 
to be moved from one THRFC Bond Fund to another; he falsified collateral records in the 
periodic reports to investors and in SEC filings; and he created phony receivables and then 
included those receivables in reports designed to misrepresent the true financial picture of the 
THRFC Bond Funds. 
EFTA00811857
--- PAGE 50 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 7 of 8 
33. 
Between July 1990 and May 1992, TFC sold approximately two hundred ten 
million ($210,000,000) dollars in TFC Bonds. 
34. 
In February 1993, following a lengthy investigation, the SEC filed suit against 
me, TFC, and other TFC officials for securities fraud. 
35. 
In or around March 1993, TIC filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, and 
the TFC's Noteholders and Bondholders filed claims with the Bankruptcy Court to support their 
loss claims. 
36. 
On April 19, 1994, and as a result of the SEC investigation, I was indicted in the 
Northern District of Illinois on various fraud charges. 
37. 
The next day, on April 20, 1994, I was indicted in the Southern District of New 
York on numerous charges resulting from the SEC investigation and lawsuit, including mail 
fraud, securities fraud in connection with the sale of the TFC Promissory Notes and TFC 
Bonds, unlawful conspiracy and obstruction of justice. 
38. 
Epstein was never charged with any crime for his involvement in the fraudulent 
schemes described herein. 
39. 
During the course of my criminal trial, Prosecutors offered me a reduced 
sentence in exchange for information about Epstein's role. However, I did not disclose any 
details about Epstein's involvement, let alone orchestration, of the fraudulent scheme. 
40. 
On April 20, 1995, I pled guilty to conspiracy to violate the securities laws by 
fraudulently selling securities, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §371; mail fraud, in violation of 18 
U.S.C. §1341; conspiracy to obstruct justice, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §371; and tax evasion, in 
violation of 26 U.S.C. §7201. 
EFTA00811858
--- PAGE 51 ---
Case 1:18-cv-07580-JPO Document 7-2 Filed 08/21/18 Page 8 of 8 
41. 
On March 7, 1997, I was sentenced to twenty years in prison, a term of 
supervised release, as well as a one million dollar ($1,000,000) fine, approximately four 
hundred seventy-five million dollars ($475,000,000) in restitution, and court surcharges. 
42. 
To be abundantly clear, I was the sole Defendant in the criminal case. However, 
it was known to the investigators, prosecutors, and established as fact by the Court, that there 
were co-conspirators who participated in my crimes. My co-conspirators were never charged 
for their role in my crimes. I, however, was sentenced to prison and served my time. 
43. 
Epstein and the corporations he formed were my co-conspirators. Epstein has 
remained free and has used and benefated from the ill-gotten gains he smacepd as a result of his 
criminal and fraudulent activities. 
44. 
In May 2016, in an attempt to reveal Epstein's involvement in the Ponzi scheme, 
my attorneys filed a civil lawsuit on my behalf. The lawsuit was brought against Epstein and his 
corporations, seeking relief on behalf of myself and as a constructive trustee of the TFC 
Noteholders and Bondholders. 
45. 
That lawsuit was eventually withdrawn with prejudice and the full extent of 
Epstein's involvement in my crimes and the related frauds was never exposed. 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true 
and correct. 
Steven J. Hoff a erg 
Sw9rn to before me this 
it' day of  
u<us r 
 , 2018 
Notary Public 
my eamsoss..... 
3/31 /20t1 
gra S 020.1400047 
//( 
EFTA00811859

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811860.pdf
----------------------------------------
OOP. I MO U.OZO 
WM) I PAM I IN,J134002/ Ol r i0/ /0Z / LiVIMAJU 
CT 
Invoice 
Darren Indyke 
Oars. K. Indyke. PL LC 
575 Lexington Ave Fl 4 
New York NY 10022 6146 
QUESTIONS? GET IN TOUCH: 
Danny VanNID1 
Phone 87 467-3525 
Email: 
Pay online at C7Corporation.comfpey 
Payment Due Upon Receipt 
(Federal Tax ION 5/00065221 
DMACE AVVOM 
18335435-RI 
0811508 
OMR NUMIER 
Mtn 0Att 
I COSMO% NIMBI* 
10984122 SO 
05122)18 
1444471 
CUTOILER REFERENCE - I 
NY filing 
CUSIOVB RS IfillaCE -2 
MetsESTEOST 
Darren Wyk, 
OMNI Mt 
$3,024.41 
Page I of I 
WE Talks Enterprises, LLC (NY) 
Semites 
Formation New York 
Domestic Rep IlLC1• New Yak 
Cert Copy of Articles of Ore - New York 
Certificate of Publication - New York 
Potication • Formation im New York New York 
Cm Copy of Cert of Pee • New York • 
Oistriesements • 
Cert Copy of Articles of Org • New York • 
Certificate of Pailicatim • New York 
Ceti Copy of Cert of Pub • New York • 
PLe...kcation • Formation in New York New York 
Formation New York 
24-Hour Expedite • 24 hr • New Yolk 
SUBTOTAL 
Tax 
Taxes en app cable services 
'services subject to tax 
SUMMARY 
Total Saving on this Invoice 
$15.45 
Payment of this invoice constitutes y ur acceptance of the terms and conditions on tho reverse hereof 
To pay by not death and :titan the stub with yaw {upon!. 
For greyer unit, Scale tut complete intake number. lactating the two characters 
following tho invoice maw, on the cheek. 
Wire kattucicas: CTCorovation.con'pay 
Pay online at CTCorporation.comlpay 
Darren Indyke 
Darren K. Indyke. PLLC 
575 Lexington Ave 114 
Hew York NY 10022-6146 
402 1 00001444471 18335435 8273 000302441 10984122 8379 1 
SERVICE CHARGES 
DISBURSEMENTS 
AMOUNT DUE 
240.00 
293.55 
85.00 
240.00 
169.00 
85.00 
1,11235 
10.00 
50.00 
10.00 
1.80010 
20010 
25.00 
1.89510 
3,007.55 
16.86 
Serrice Charges 
1,11/65 
Disbursements 
1,895.00 
Sales Tax 
16.86 
TOTAL AMOUNT DUE 
43,024.41 
SENO PAYMENTS TO: 
CT Corporation 
PO Box 4349 
Cud Sweatt 60197.4349 
MODICI KAMM 
18335435-RI 
INVOICE Dal( 
08:15/18 
MOILER MOOR 
1444471 
AUMPIT DUE 
S3,024.41 
Payment Due Upon Receipt 
Payment of this invoice constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions on the reverse hereof 
EFTA00811860
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please contact your Service Team with any changes to your account (Do not send with remittance) 
CT CORPORATION SYSTEM - TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The provision MServices by C T Corporator System. a Detonate cap:radon Cer). and wor use thereof is abject to these terms and candles DNB 'Agreement') You ECuslomer) 
amornerbe Tel you agree to empty with teas A;re0Tent and are SUPCIII6d b are co benen d all Coiromer Users Nownlotanding anything to the °oaten, herein, your vse of. 
Of payment for. the Services shall be darned your acceptance of this Agreement. Na modifeallons by you to these terms and condifices shall be effective unless agreed by 
CT in writing. 
1. SERVICES AND FEES' PAYMENT TERMS TAXES 
1.1 Proviron and Wader° StavOIS Feet. CT itself or thicegh commove of its atoms. saccmacms a agenb (-CT Parties') shat made to Cusamer ard.ts MOM" Te seNdts (Tt.CVOC 
by Customer a a Customer Uw and described at ctecltensansor comiscrawdescrows are any mar swam rearaslca by Comm( a a Connor User and gobbed by CT (cotecmar. the 
•Saviceel The premien end sae ci no Samosa Nat SW be suttee! to the kens and condoms located aectwransiknear cornberAcesmrmono <crams Cfshal to toso:nalble lot be 
perbmance of any CT Pardes Galan, shall perform its remonstibes and obigabbos set WM it gm Agreement be rest:abbe br de sambas el its personnel began and perrnord tot 
patty users ('Customer Users, !weed, and coepteate well CT n oNnecton nth Crs premien Cl be Unice% Customer shill use the Siestas ar.1F br me Kemal booen purposes of 
Cumcse and to Ciliate& Gana( Use,, Shed not Maude arty ergots of CT. and Cut ter Shall ret pant ary bird any to uso vie Santo:14X CT ProMets Mewl the prior when consort 
NCI. Crammer shall nee 0) resat offer a use the Santa, /X the befell of any MS pales or (gine Me Swiss In ,kiaSN1 of my appketle bw, eta regattas Customer moms b pay CT 
they:patio foes fa me Sawa in axonlarce was Crs Iron attar menden lee errodriet tor sob Seems (or es Memo weed by CT end Customer Me 'Pates)) Cuitcerer NM also 
pay all scabs] lees patted by CT en behalf of Dra wer. inchcing um. sbaitory tees. ma oarespeaSern arc cater chalet Customs agrees to pay CT al Mooed arrouns within 
thirty (30) days or invoice, sago to a taro fee of WS% per rem pals costs of collection Following NM 30clay period. CTs oblige:len to provide the Smarm shell t• suspended during 
any period of norpaywent by 0.stomer. Customer shall pay all sales. use end smut taxes Si connectionwith to Services. 
1.2 melee, Nina. 
and Inunramt Pernmunce of to SerSces mks to May canpletion de Cusiwer's nricormbilbes and otagationt Macao/ lees may apply for any merldesitions 
IC Award dowsers a prccesses made by Curtest a al °BMWs request. Custom vii be reap:risible Sx (0 te accuracy and ecoplettress and bit constants. sulcicrcy and 
oflostveness underppladatrr el MOW. cbDUMerel, torplabas 
oberiniormalon proMed b CT by or on behata CuMorner. and 00 any Intoructkrtigiffn tryCustomer a any °worm Use 
le CT. 
2. TERM' TERMNATION The win ca Ns Ageorrert Thal to offeceve at of the ode olCintaners noel nine/ tang Clete (be 'Effective OM') rd briery* until %mama es set bit Mai 
(the 'Tenn. Leer Petty may terminate um Agreement of a parectitr Sense (0d the eater Party faes to reribm ley materiel obligation of to  Agreement (Including Me Paserent of 
arrconts wed Tandar) and tags b cum such talon wean May (n) days ol notes thereof. 00 If the odor Party seeks No:Wm unsr baMuptcy a simlar Its: or (ii) at wry time 
upon ISO a» pier eaten mike to the on. Pray CT may terminate this Agnmenenl M any ere II Melly legated a upon Octet of CullOrner's Irrtsropef use ofawe Services in the 
even of wry teftrinabOn 01 this Agreamern. (a) CuS:Ofnef shall pay CT Ice Sesces (1) imbed under INS Agfeefnefil MIS,' be Cate of terrrinalko and (2) that CT d Nasty required to 
provide lo Custom,' blowing termination. (b) Customer Nall also pay aN fees in correction with Me removal of cr. nano at as Restored Argent In each applicable Secretary of Stale 's 
cake. (e) CT's Negations to provide the Services shall cease and (0) ell Vert granted to Cul-tenor by CT under this Aaeemest related to *Tread &bias Mae termlnale N 
proAsions relating to ownership igloo corademairry and ran-Codosure. 8a dtliteban of lay 
Stall surto sty teMsnatOn Cl INS Agreement. 
3. CONFIDE-SNOOTY. 'Cora:Waal infoentallOn' rakes, any proprietary a confidential infamMon provided by the disclosing Reny to the receiving Party ether than any Information 
Ntich: (a) is generate, available to the pubic throgh no fault of the recoiwg Party or any of Its flame or its a thee OnXIOrS. &ken). emplanes. cialtractors. a other agents 
bosecovery. a Partys Iteptesentathniel. (a) Is or becomes aratiebe to Ire receiving Parry brougham:we cow than the airlosing Party Or Os Repassintabeti *theist ray a 
confidentiality; a (C) Is or haS been developed by be receiving Party Mependenely of Me disclosing Partys Confidenal inform:on. memorised and de-ideated data shat rot be 
considered Therner's Confidential Sonnffion and CT shall be per-rated to robin and Woo such data. Each Party sisal 0) keep al Ccoldeneut Infarnalion of the Other Pasty 
eaddental. (d)rat dubs° the other Panys Conteenos informason to any gird party except h requited by law. subpoena a Simla: legal demand, and (Ii) um and disclose Canasentiai 
Inlormebm el the other Pally eery as necessary to perform es obtgatiors herein 
CTs CIIMOSure b its Representatm) 
4. OWNERSHIP RIGHTS Al iniellemual properly eghls related to the Services (inane ad podastS, documentation thereof end mode cations thereto) rCT Products') NM remain the 
excliThe property of CT et Its Ileentere Durvo the MM. Customer Nall have a persona non.transteratle, ronextbsive none to access and use the CT Products Si Connection art the 
Scrams rotary as sot forth how 
S. WARRANTY E4SCLAIMER: LIMITATION OF LABILITY. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WHETHER EXPRESS OR lidPLIEO. THE 
SERVICES DO NOT INCLUDE THE PROVISION OF LEGAL. ACCOUNTING OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVICE ANO SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON AS SUCH 
CT. ITS DATA 
PROVIDERS AND THE CT PARTIES SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR DELAYS. ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY GOVERNMENTAL OR THIRD 
PARTY INFORUATION PROVIDERS OR FILING SYSTEMS OR WITH RESPECT TO INFORMATION OR RECORDS THAT MAY CONTNN PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE 
INFORMATION. NEITHER PARTY (NOR ANY CT PARTY) SHALL BE LUKE FOR ANY INDIRECT. INCIDENTAL SPECIAL. PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. AND THE 
TOTAL LIABILITY OF CT AND THE CT PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREeesE NT SMU.L NOT EXCEED THE LESSER OF (I) S50.000 AND (ROAN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE FEES PAID 
BY CUSTOMER TO CT IN THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD WAIEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE UPON WHICH A CLAN IS MST ASSERTED AGAINST CT BY CUSTOMER. CT 
AND THE CT PARTIES ARE NOT INSURERS WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICES AND SHALL HAVE HO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OF UNDERLYNO COLLATERAL OR LOSS (OR 
Ilmormsel PRIORITY) OF SECURITY INTEREST. 
d.analliefigatil, AA communications to CT under Wee Agreemenl that be [Wavered le: CT, I it as Am. taw Fl, New Yak NY 10011, AS,: Gle. wlc copies to (I) the foregoing 
address. AS,: &Seek*. GC. ma 00 be booing address, Atbt EVP as General Counsel. 
7. APPLICABLE LAM FORUM WAVER OF TRIAL BY JURY This Agreement Shia be governed by the laws of the State el New Ye& My Party bracing a legal *dm relating to trm 
Agreernes shall ping such arm In any Coat sitting In New York City. and each Party wanes any objection to such meta EACH PARTY WANES ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN 
CONNECTION YAW ANY SUCH ACTION. 
S. InCELLANEQUE. This Apreament corablulos the entire esteems between rho Panes In connection seta the stabled matter hexed and supersedes se pace agreements This 
Agreement. or any tights a orngatons hereunder. may not be assigned by Customer without the Thor written consent el CT. No modificalons to We Agreement shed be wed unless In a 
wax; escorted by the Parties CT is acting N pertmv0/10) a this Agreement m art independent 0:eareder. There she be no get pry beneficiaries b tlis Agreement Nellie Party Mae be 
liable for tan a delay in porlowenco olds obagatens hereunder tabor ban Cummers Macaw to pay rho loos Jar Sasses molded) caused by events beyond es morel 
Rev Seplenter 2017 
INVOICE NUMBER 
CT ACCOUNT NUMBER 
CT Corporation 
PO Box 4349 
Carol Stream IL 60197-4349 
PAYMENTS BY BANK CARD 
Cam Number H 
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
(aiWa4,1 Oat. pied Tr) 
NM O
lotableKant 0  
AMA 0
card Sleeker HMSO  
Scriature 
PAYMENTS BY AC II 
tinkles* 
Sank MOM. ISM 
leg 'sne
Oise 0 
Swarm 
Wes 
Cul,toentiName  
Waits,*  
EFTA00811861
--- PAGE 3 ---
0001:0002 
CT 
Undeliverable mail only to: 
University Plaza Drive Suite 506 
Hackensack NJ 07601 
8674 1 M80.424 E0031X 10070 03931854933 S2 P5627827 0001:0002 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
kill DARREN INDYKE 
YOUR BILL(S) ARE ATTACHED 
EFTA00811862
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00811863

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811864.pdf
----------------------------------------
PNM 
414 Silver Ave SW 
Albuquerque, NM 87102 
PNM.com 
August 28, 2018 
CYPRESS, INC PORT OF SALE 
9100 HAVENSIGHT STE 15/16 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
Pan 
Case # CUP 18-5050 PNM BB2 345IcV Transmission Line Project 
Dear Property Owner: 
Notice is hereby given that a public hearing will be held to consider a request by PNM for a 
Conditional Use Permit to construct approximately 31 miles of new single-circuit 345kV 
transmission line in southern Santa Fe County. The proposed transmission line will connect 
PNM's existing Clines Corners 345kV Switching Station (within Santa Fe County) to a new 
switching station within Sandoval County. The new single-circuit transmission line will be 
located immediately adjacent to the existing BB 345kV transmission line on a separate 150' 
easement. The steel "H" frame structures (140 pole sites) will be constructed 120' to 150' in 
height. 
The proposed 31 mile transmission line will meander through State Land (2.5 miles) and through 
parcels that are zoned Agricultural/Ranching and Rural (31 miles). Ordinance No. 2016-9, the 
Sustainable Land development Code, Appendix B, Use Matrix, identifies high-voltage electric 
power transmission lines as a Conditional Use within these Zoning Districts. The proposed 
transmission line will run east to west within southern Santa Fe County, north of Stanley and 
north of Golden, meandering through approximately 25 separate parcels of land, within T 10, R 
7, 8, 9, 10, 11 E, T 11, R 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 E and T 12 N, R 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 E, SDA-3, (Commission 
District 3). 
A public hearing will be held in the County Commission Chambers of the Santa Fe County 
Courthouse, corner of Grant and Palace Avenues, Santa Fe, New Mexico on the 20th day of 
September 2018, at 4 p.m. on a petition to the Santa Fe County Planning Commission. 
Please forward all comments and questions to the County Land Use Administration Office at 986-6225. 
All interested parties will be heard at the Public Hearing prior to the Planning Commission taking action. 
All comments, questions and objections to the proposal may be submitted to the County Land use 
Administrator in writing to P.O. Box 276, Santa Fe, N.M. 87504-0276; or presented in person at the 
hearing. 
Sincerely: 
PNM 
End: Vicinity Map 
EFTA00811864

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811865.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
...Albuquerque 
(Madrid 
New Switching Station 
(Approilmato Location) 
irriNital. • 
BB? PlOjett Line 
4..1
/4 0 Existing PNM 34SkV Line 
•—•—• Existing Other 34SkV Line 
O
Station 
* 
Point of Interconnection 
Moriarty 
cCarta 
II 
Clines Corners 
Switching Station 
To Slackwaler 
Station 
/ 
alms Corners 
Wind Farm 
====0 
Wes 
EFTA00811865

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811866.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
8/31/2018 
EFTA00811866
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - AUGUST 31, 2018 
7/31/18 
8/31/18 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
92,429,110 
101,512,764 
9,083,654 
Fixed Income 
69,199,199 
61,437,427 
(7,761,772) 
Equities 
131,074,081 
141,426,424 
10,352,343 
Equity ETF's 
874,380 
875,160 
780 
Options 
122,392 
168,553 
46,161 
Hedge Funds 
99,608,897 
100,343,432 
734,535 
Investments 
52,318,855 
52,492,187 
173,332 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
22,525,000 
22,525,000 
-
Loans Receivable 
16,039,472 
16,039,472 
-
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
9,900,000 
9,900,000 
-
Loan Payable - BJAV 
500 000 
500 000 
- 
Total Assets 
463,591,386 
476,220,419 12,629,033 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
Sold 4,000,000 Royal Bank of Scotland Preferred at 95.85 at DB 
4,759,908 
Sold 100,000 AMLP @ 11.24 at IB 
1,119,515 
Sold CD Projekt - Poland 
1,084,774 
Sold 1,000,000 Service Master Bonds @ 98.375 at DB 
1,004,884 
Sold 1,000,000 Plains All American Pipeline 6.125% preferred @ 98.5 ML 
985,000 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions 
838,000 
Sold 50,000 AMLP @ 11.23 @ IB 
559,713 
Sold 40,000 SGMO @ 13.83 at TD 
552,614 
Sold 500,000 Plains All American 6 125% preferred @ 98.5 MS 
499,725 
Sold 43,000 AMLP @ 11.30 at TD 
I 
485,916 
Sold 1,200,000 Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 @ 87 at DB 
412,499 
Sold 5,000 TSG @ 31.92 MS 
159,417 
Sold 4,995 Seaspan Preferred @ 25.04 a IB 
122,717 
Sold 50,000 SQBG @ 2.12 MS 
103,886 
Humanity Plus-Gratitude 
(50,000) 
Edge Foundation - Enhanced 25k & Gratitude 35k 
(60,000) 
LSJ - Cherrington 5500 
(121,800) 
Miscellaneous 
(169,100) 
EFTA00811867
--- PAGE 3 ---
STC - Seaford Avenue Capital Draw 
(173,332) 
LSJ - Cat 303 & 307 equipment 
(192,884) 
Birch Tree LLC funding 
(200,000) 
Zorro - Paving Deposit of 40% 
(272,098) 
MS - Gratitude bought 10,000 shares of World Acceptance @ 111.07 
(1,110,700) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,255,000)
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
9,083,654 
September Cash Spending 
CVNA - 125,000 shares @ 66.006 
8,250,750 
MSFT - 10,000 shares @ 111.33 
1,113,298 
CTL - 10,000 shares @ 21.18 
211,827 
Euro bond via Paul 
2,915,396 
Total Cash Spent September 
12,491,271 
EFTA00811868
--- PAGE 4 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
Interactive 
TO 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Merrill 
Stanley 
Braun 
AmerItrado 
Totals 
Cash 
Haze Trust 
41.681,487 
41,661.487 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
7.245,194 
685.680 
299.452 
4.314.329 
4.885.951 
17,430.606 
Southern Financial LLC 
8,729,146 
100,366 5.280.333 
14,109,845 
The 2017 CatepIllar Trust 
13.548.085 
13548.085 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
2,347,269 
156,406 
2039351 
5,543,026 
JEE 
3.057.524 
182.445 
7.027 
3.246,996 
Jaspers Inc. 
1.497.593 
7.009 
1.504,602 
LSJE LLC 
178.628 
511.687 
341.721 
1.032,036 
Butterfly Trust 
705.281 
705,281 
Zono Management LUX 
416.616 
416,616 
FT Real Estate 
382,485 
382,485 
Southern Country International LTD 
361,873 
361,873 
Plan D LLC 
I 
312.178 
312,178 
JEGE LLC 
I 
284,983 
284,983 
NES LLC 
231.503 
231.503 
Neptune LLC 
179.689 
179,689 
Hyperion Air LLC 
147.203 
147,203 
Thomas World Air LLC 
92,425 
92,425 
Enhanced Education 
12.189 
62.682 
74,871 
Nautlus Inc. 
I 
54.587 
54.587 
JEE • Paris (US 5) 
I 
42,743 
42,743 
Laurel Inc. 
I 
36.829 
36,829 
Maple Inc. 
I 
31,484 
31,484 
Cypress Inc. 
I 
29.386 
29,386 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
I 
22.512 
22,512 
JEGE Inc. 
I 
8.366 
8.386 
Groat St Jim LLC 
I 
6.000 
6,000 
LSJ LLC 
5.150 
5.150 
Mechelles Transportation Co LLC I 
4.733 
4.733
Mort Inc 
I 
4,553 
4,553 
FSF LLC 
I 
337 
337 
The JEE Life Ins Trust N3 
206 
206 
IGO Company LLC 
Total Cash 
80,567,692 
2,638799 
349,222 
341.721 
4,314,329 
3.039,351 4,986.317 5,280,333 101,512,764 
EFTA00811869
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
7/31/18 
8131/18 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Symbo 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
Citbank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000 
1,999419 
2,194,620 
2,188.300 
188,881 
JBS Investments 7.75% October 28 2020 
5/18/18 
2,000,000 
2,046,231 
2,089,911 
2,084.548 
38,317 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 
3,000,000 
3,337,958 
3,013,686 
3,036,541 
-301,417 
JP Morgan Floating Rate Income fund 
01/22/13 
251,591 
2,512.832 
2.349.054 
2.357.402 
-155,430 
Total Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
9,896,440 
9,647,271 
9,666,791 
-229,649 
Jeepers - Fixed Income (08) 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
02/13/13 
188,468 
1.879.415 
1.759.692 
1.765.946 
-113.469 
Total Jeepers- Fixed income (DB) 
1,879,415 
1,759,692 
1,765,946 
-113.469 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
Frontier Communications 7.125% Matures 3/15/2019 
10102/17 
1.000000 
997.322 
1.031.917 
1,036.604 
39,282 
Plains Al America 6.125% 
10/10/17 
500,000 
492.715 
• 
Total Gratitude America- Fixed income (Morgan Stanley) 
997,322 
1,524,632 
1,036,604 
39.282 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
Buckeye Partners Fixed to Real 6.375% Caltalsle 1(22/23 
1/25/18 1,000,000 
1,018.741 
925,284 
958.286 
-60,455 
Ftoyal Bank Scotland 7.64% Reed to 9'29.2017 Mon 3M Le or •232b0 
11/10./15 
5.000.000 
4.789,780 
• 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,018,741 
5,715,064 
958,286 
-60,455 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (Merrill) 
Bank of America 5.88% Pfd 12-31-2049 
03/08/18 
1,000,000 
1.000,000 
990.000 
1.000.000 
LSC Communications Inc. 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
2850000 
2,773,650 
2,661,962 
2,704.472 
-69.178 
Rails Al America Fixaine 
10/04/17 
1,000 
985.431 
- 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
3,773,650 
4,637,393 
3,704,472 
-69,178 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers) 
Capital One 5.55% Fixed to 9-1-2020 then 380 over 3 mo fiber 
5/14/15 
3,000,000 
3,009,819 
3,086,250 
3,093,030 
83,181 
Charles Schwab 6.0% Preferred 625 par 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,062,800 
1,044,400 
44,400 
Etrade Fhancial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then bats 
10/11/16 
3,000,&30 
3,123,122 
3.076.500 
3,093.750 
-29,372 
Goldman Sachs 5.375% Fixed to 5-104020 then 392.2 over 3 no fiber 
6/4/15 
5,000,000 
5,034,346 
5,096,500 
5,162,500 
128,154 
NGL Energy Partners 9% $25 par 
6/6/17 
40.000 
1.000.000 
974000 
993.560 
-6,440 
Seaspan 7.875% Preferred $25 Par 
08/04/16 
4,995 
124.775 
- 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers 
13,167,287 
13,420,825 
13,387,210 
219,923 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
Assurant Fixed to Float 7% March 2048 
3/29/18 
2,000.000 
2,039,868 
2,088,222 
2,099,889 
60.021 
Citloroup Inc - Series 0 5.95% 
8/6/15 
3,000,000 
3,000,006 
3,188,808 
3,111,073 
111,067 
Citizens Communications 7.125% Mar 15 2019 
10/3/17 
1,000,000 
1,000,392 
1,031,917 
1,036,604 
36,212 
Deutsche Bank AG 4.875% exp 12/1/2032 
6/1(18 
1.000,000 
868,256 
891,995 
879,998 
11,742 
Deutsche Bank AG 4.296% exp 5124/2028 
6/1/18 
1,000,000 
917,776 
918,235 
925,595 
7,819 
Exetainter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
10/24/17 
2.000,000 
1,940,506 
2,071,389 
2,120.556 
180.050 
Exelainter LLC 10% JUN 15 2023 
7/9/18 
1.000,000 
1,028,517 
1,035,694 
1,060,278 
31,761 
General Electric Co GTO Fixed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
12/3/15 
2,469,000 
2,175,016 
2,234,719 
2,193.569 
18,553 
GMAC Cap TR I GTD Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
1,882,774 
2.125,600 
2,144,000 
261,226 
JBS Investments 7.25% Apri 3 2024 
10/31/17 
2,000,000 
1,981,300 
2,052,125 
1,987,740 
6,440 
JP Morgan Chase & Co PM 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2.500,000 
2,687,500 
2,511,405 
2,530.451 
-157.049 
JP Morgan Chase 8 Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2.675.000 
2,511,405 
2,530,451 
-144,549 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
9/28/17 
330,821 
3,112,765 
3,088,811 
3,099.789 
-12,976 
Lloyds Banking Group Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5/21/13 
1,903,000 
1,948,500 
1.978.328 
2,002,171 
53,671 
Service Master 7.25% Mar 1 2038 
10/20/17 
1.000.000 
1,030.208 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30112 
3.000,000 
996.137 
3.292.500 
3.195.955 
199 818 
Total Southern Financial LW - Fixed Income (DB) 
30,254,313 
32,051,361 
30,918,118 
663,805 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
face value 
Washington Mutual Mtg 2004-RA2 cl CBI var 7/25/2033 
11/19/13 
475,159 
442.961 
- 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
442,961 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
60,987,167 
69,199,199 61,437,427 
450,260 
EFTA00811870
--- PAGE 6 ---
Southern Financial LLC- Equities (DB) 
Amazon 
AWN 
4/2/18 
1.000 
1,395,441 
1,777,440 
2,012 710 
617,269 
Albaba Group 
BABA 
6/10/15 
5.000 
444,749 
936.150 
875.050 
430.301 
Apple Inc 
AAPL 
12/7/17 
314,000 
53,321,627 
59,751,060 
71,475.820 
18,154,193 
Apple Inc 
AAPL 
6/20/18 
50,000 
9,339,691 
9514,500 
11.381,500 
2,041,809 
Apollo Global Management 
APO 
3731/11 
263,157 
4,999,983 
9,342,074 
9,086,811 
4,086,828 
Biogen Idec Inc 
Bite 
2/14/12 
2.095 
250,455 
700,505 
740.562 
490,107 
Centeno Coro 
CNC 
918/14 
15.550 
986,497 
2,026,632 
2,277,764 
1,291,267 
General Electric (exercise of puts sold at 18) 
GE 
2/24/18 
25.000 
405.493 
340,750 
323.500 
-81,993 
Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc 
KPTI 
7/12/16 
25.000 
467.106 
426.700 
526250 
59,144 
Nintendo 
NTDOY 
2/5/18 
10,000 
517,906 
426,700 
449.500 
-68,406 
Ubisoft Entertainment 
U8SFF 
3/29/18 
11,200 
974.199 
1,237,436 
1,207.367 
233.168 
CD Projekt - Poland 
OTGLF 
3/29/18 
20,000 
1.080.562 
- 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
73,103,147 
87,560,509 
100,356,834 
27253.687 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (TO) 
General Electric 
GE 
mullple 
125,000 
2,593,861 
1,703,750 
1,617.500 
-976,361 
ALPS ETF Alerian MLP 
AM..P 
1/12/18 
43,000 
470,420 
- 
Sangamo Therapeutics Inc 
SGMO 
5/28/13 
40.000 
546,000 
- 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (TO) 
2,5 9 3,8 61 
2,7 2 0,1 7 0 
1,61 7,500 
-976,381 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merril° 
Allergen (mandatory convert from preferred) 
AGN 
3/1/18 
7,066 
1,515,900 
1,300,780 
1,354,623 
-161,277 
KBW Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
11/16/17 
9,000 
503,167 
553,590 
568.350 
65,183 
Facebook 
FB 
7/26/18 
20.000 
3.559,596 
3,451.600 
3,514,600 
-44,996 
0111 Oi Services ETF 
OIH 
5/16/18 
17,000 
490.376 
441,830 
420.070 
-70,306 
XLF Financial Sector 
XLF 
8/2/17 
82,000 
2,072,448 
2,291,900 
2,323,060 
250,612 
Groat= antic( am 3/2a20MaaringraulieaMaaraiderresnla73.5%) 
9/25/17 ref price 3555 
2,500,000 
2,505,025 
2,453,400 
-46.600 
Japan Banks Capped Nolo Exp Feb i 2019 (75% Waif) 
1/25118 
3.000,000 
2,972.100 
2,972.100 
-27,900 
Vertex Linked Note (ceding SW pi spreads and buying VIX cals) 
3/8/18 
3,000.000 
3,049,632 
3,074,430 
74,430 
SX7E Market Plus Note Exp 4/26/2019 (72% binied 
10/24/17 
3.000.000 
2.742.060 
2.49078Q 
-509.220 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merril° 
9,6 4 1,4 8 7 
19,3 0 8,51 7 19,1 71,41 3 
-470,074 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
ALPS ETF Medan MLP 
AMP 
1/8/18 
100,000 
1,094,000 
- 
ALPS ETF Alerian MLP 
AMLP 
3/9/18 
50,000 
547.000 
• 
Broadcom 
AVGO 
4/17/18 
4,000 
1,002,093 
887,080 
876,120 
-125,973 
Broadcom 
AVGO 
5/17/18 
4,000 
1,000,000 
887.080 
876.120 
-123.880 
Goldman Sachs 
GS 
1/25/18 
1,850 
499,873 
439.246 
439.949 
-59,924 
General Dynamics 
GD 
2/7/18 
2,300 
501,381 
459,448 
444.820 
-56,561 
General Dynamics 
GD 
3/27/08 
3,450 
773,056 
689,172 
667.230 
-105,826 
General Dynamics 
GD 
5/7/08 
2,500 
491,250 
499,400 
483,500 
-7,750 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
2/7/18 
1.400 
489,300 
456.540 
448.574 
-40.726 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
3/20/18 
2,100 
707,676 
684,810 
672,861 
-34,815 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
5/7/18 
1,500 
472,500 
489,150 
480.615 
8,115 
Nkilendo 
NTDOY 
5/22/18 
20,000 
853.400 
Northtrop Grumman 
1400 
2(7/18 
1,470 
493,920 
441,720 
438,780 
-55,140 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
3/28/18 
2,195 
760,159 
659.576 
655.188 
-104.973 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
5/7/18 
1,500 
475,800 
450,735 
447,735 
-28,065 
OIH Oil Services ETF 
0114 
5/17/08 
17,000 
504.839 
441.830 
420.070 
-84,769 
Raytheon 
RTN 
2/7/18 
2,400 
498,840 
475.920 
478,560 
-20,280 
Raytheon 
RTN 
3/20/18 
3,600 
763.284 
713,880 
717,840 
-45,444 
Raytheon 
RTN 
57/18 
2,400 
491,880 
475,920 
478,580 
-13,320 
KBW Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
326/18 
20,000 
1,210847 
1.230,200 
1,263,000 
52,153 
XLF Financial Sector 
XLF 
11/16/17 
10,000 
262.800 
279.500 
283.300 
20.500 
XLF Financial Sector 
XLF 
3/26/18 
22,000 
603.789 
614.900 
623.260 
471 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers, 
2,0 0 3,287 
13,7 7 0,5 07 11,19 6,080 
-807,207 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Mo _ an Stanle
Sequential Brands 
SOBG 
9/23/16 
50,000 
108,500 
General Electric 
GE 
10/23/17 
22,000 
491,068 
299,860 
284,680 
-206,388 
Work] Acceptance Group 
VVRLD 
10,000 
1.111.107 
- 
1,186.100 
74,993 
Stars Group 
TSG 
7/19/18 
5,000 
171,500 
- 
Total Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
1,602,175 
579,860 1,470,780 -131,395 
Haze Trust - Equities (DB) 
Bombardier Inc Class B 
proem 
6/21/18 
25,000 
97,249 
94.100 
82.643 
-14.606 
Carvana 
CVNA 
6/21/18 
25.000 
1,086,102 
1,075,000 
1,618,500 
532,398 
Google 
GOOG 
2/2/18 
2,000 
2,222,173 
2,434,520 
2,436.380 
214,207 
Google 
GOOG 
12/5/17 
1,000 
1,014,015 
1,217,260 
1,218,190 
204.175 
United Techncbgies 
Urn 
6/21/18 
15,000 
1,882.944 
2,036.100 
1.975,500 
92.556 
Haze Trust- Total Equities (DB) 
6,302,483 6,856,980 7,331,213 1,028,730 
EFTA00811871
--- PAGE 7 ---
J Epstein W Foundation - Equities (DB) 
Bristol Myers Squibb 
BMY 
10/30/15 
3,400 
227,604 
199,750 
205,870 
-21,734 
Disney 
DIS 
10/30/15 
685 
78.100 
77.789 
76.734 
-1.366 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
305,704 
277,539 
282,604 
-23,100 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
115,552,143 
131,074,082 
141,426,424 25,874,280 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF's (DB) 
Ishares South Korea ETF 
11/3/17 
13.000 
985.997 
874380 
875.160 
-110)337 
Total Southern Financial LW - Equity ETFS (DB) 
985,997 
874,380 
875,160 -110,837 
Southern Financial LLC - Options (DB) 
US curve cap between 2yr and 10yr swap exp 5.22.2020 
5/22/18 ONILLO) •••• a al 
103500 
85,435 
88.528 
-16,972 
US curve cap between 2yr and 
wap exp 6-1-2020 
6/1/18 asato.....s 
96,7N 
f 41 6, a 
sto25.
166,553 
-14.725 
.31,697 
Total Southern Financial11C 
 (DB) 
Options 
200,250 
Southern Trust Co. - Options (IB) 
Long OM 30 Calls CO 0.88 Exp 8/17/18 
5/31118 
370 
Short O1H 25 Puts a 0.12 Exp 8/17/18 
5/31118 
(370) 
-7,289 
Short OtH 26 Puts a? 0.64 Exp 8/17/18 
6/7/18 
(500) 
-28,485 
Long DIN 29 Calls til 0.73 al? 8117/18 
6/7/18 
500 
550 
Long NXPI 110 Cats a 7.50 Exp 1/18/2019 
5/7/18 
100 
26,600 
Short NXPI 125 Cats a 2.30 Exp 1/18/2019 
5/7118 
(100) 
-7,508 
Short NXPI 85 Puts (...a 5.50 Ex 1/182019 
517118 
100)
-29.663 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Options (IB) 
- 
(43,732) 
- 
TOTAL OPTIONS 
200,250 
122,392 
168,553 
(31,697) 
EFTA00811872
--- PAGE 8 ---
7131/18 
8/31/18 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financia (SFLLC) 
0ana 50mm - a 4Ornm 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
46,659,587 
46,841,952 
0.39% 
7.37% withdrew lfnan 1/1017 
Boothbay Enhanced Fund 
835 726 
879 421 
0.56% 
5.06% Enti Fie 12018:fart 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
54,495,313 
54,721,373 
2016 /Num ITT% 
2017 mom 156% 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
2011Iretorn of mitt 
7017 nal I/0 of moll* W417 ladeenotions o4 
King Street - Illiquid Special Investment 
102 745 
102 745 
ws3riots 57.303 
415 230.7103 
4/27116 5467.954 paid 
Hedge Funds -Haze 
3,102,745 
3,102,745 
0142015 12,077 
815 113,584 
7127/16416;924 pain 
4/3/2018 37.263 
413 2.738 
10/27/16 6.118.641 pint 
416/2018 37093 
10/12 18.370 
1/77/17 3534,644 paid 
617720113 67,976 
11/9 4.060 
2016 Mum 068% 
7116/2015 435 
Hedge Funds - STC 
Initial Inv 20min 5131/16 
Honeycomb 
42.010.839 
42.519,314 
1.21% 
11.69% added 15rrm 6/27/16 
Total Hedge Funds-STC 
42,010,839 
42,519,314 
2016 int 244% (6 504 
Total Hedge Funds 
99,608,897 100,343,432 
2017 return 21.0% 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
Grat 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
, 
SFL 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
marked to $0 in Sep 2018 
250,000 
Kyara IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount les 30k distribution 4/20/18) 
970,000 
Prylanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment (prat) 
1,000,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3.000,000 
STC 
Seaford Avenue Capital - PB Investment - Auto Debt (total comrn 2.6mm) 
916,687 
Adfin Solutions (investment amoun ) 
875,000 
butterflytrust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3.480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston. NJ 
3,000,000 
Coinbase via Grat (50% sold for $15mm Feb 2018) 
sit 
1,500,500 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Velar Global Fund II (amount funded vs 15mm comrnittment) 
14,250,000 comulativ6 IRR !lira 12-31.2016 
2220% 
[value as of 6-30-2018 21.000,470 
cumulafavo IRA Dm 12414017 
1232% 
Velar Global Fund III (amount funded vs 25mm committment) 
21,000,000 cumulative IRR Um 1 414016 
6t$% 
value as of 6-30 2018 33,345,270 
cumulative IRA Ihru 12414017 
WA% 
Totals 
1,000,000 
3,000,000 
40,511,687 
1,500,500 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
52,492,187 
, 
EFTA00811873
--- PAGE 9 ---
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
2,500,000 
2,500,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
2,900,000 
2,900,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
plan D LLC 
2008 G550 
15150,000 
15,750.000 
Automobiles 
875,000 
875.000 
Boats 
500,000 
500,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
2,500,000 
2,900,000 
17,125,000 22,525,000 
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
JEGE Inc. 
FIRE 
Totals
Loans Receivable 
(tccs sham iON yet lee :Ss 1SCK) 
150,000 
150,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Nick Ribis 
150,000 
150,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
David Mitchell 
243,700 
1,160,000 
1,403,700 
Osboume Lane Capital (Paul B) 
1.000,000 
1,000,000 
20,000 
303,262 
323,262 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
6,750,000 
6,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
2,500,000 
2,500,000 
Bella Klein 
100,000 
100.000 
Lesley 
300,000 
300.000 
David Rodgers 
50,000 
50,000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
Darren Indyke 
475,000 
475,000 
Richard Kahn 
475,000 
475,000 
LV Home & Other 
1,457,000 
1,457,000 
650,064 
650,064 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,793,210 
9,700,000 
950,000 2,596,262 16,039,472 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
 Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry_ 
Cello 
175,000 
175.000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500.000 
500,000 
3273 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamond - I nsuranos yaw 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
Fine Arts Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 
3,050,000 
9,900,000 
Loan Payable to BJAV LW (PLAN D LW) 
(30,500,000) 
(30,500,000) 
II 
EFTA00811874

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811875.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management L 
I. 
Wire Confirmation 
The wire transfer request below has been transmitted successfully. The template created with the transfer request has 
been created successfully. 
The balances shown below are recorded at the time of the request. 
Schedule Information 
Confirmation: 
Approval status: 
Transmitted: 
Transmitted by: 
Debit Information 
Template name: 
Account: 
Wire type: 
Security code: 
Send on date: 
Amount: 
Currency: 
Recipient Information 
3313362064 
of 1 received 
09/18/2018 12:05:26 PM (ET) 
BELLAKLEIN 
LSJE to Xavier Cartron SAS 
LSJE, LLC - DDA '9295 - DBTCA Checking - 5419.242.59 
(Balance as of: 09/18/2018 11:58:18 AM (ET) Not a guarantee of available funds.) 
Foreign currency international wire 
09/18/2018 
30,000.00 
EUR 
Bank ID type: 
SWIFT 
Bank ID: 
Bank name: 
HSBC FRANCE (FORMERLY HSBC CCF) 
Bank address 1: 
PARIS 
Bank address 2: 
Bank address 3: 
Recipient account: (If appropriate enter 
the IBAN) 
Recipient name: 
Xavier Cartron SAS 
Recipient address 1: 
75018 Paris 
Recipient address 2: 
France 
Recipient address 3: 
Additional information for recipient: 
Reference Little Saint James Island 
First Intermediary Information 
Bank ID type: 
Bank ID: 
Intermediary account (If appropriate 
enter the IBAN) 
Bank name: 
Bank address 1: 
Bank address 2: 
Bank address 3: 
EFTA00811875
--- PAGE 2 ---
Second Intermediary Information 
Bank ID type: 
Bank ID: 
Intermediary account: (If appropriate 
enter the IBAN) 
Bank name: 
Bank address 1: 
Bank address 2: 
Bank address 3: 
Wire Initiator Information 
Wire initiator name: 
Wire initiator address 1: 
Wee initiator address 2: 
Wire initiator address 3: 
Bella Klein 
do HBRK Associates, Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue,4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
EFTA00811876
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Jeffrey E. jeevacationeegmailcom 
Subject: Fwd: LSJ18.41: Little Saint James Island Development 
Date: September 17uA.ULIWUrtaid. 
To: Darren Indyke 
Richard Kahn -
Forwarded messaae
From: Kifah Laham < 
Date: Mon, Sep 17, 2018 at 4:18 PM 
Subject: LSJ18. 
To: "'effre E." 
Cc: 
<xcartron@xaviercartron.fr>
Dear Mr. Jeffrey, 
Apologies for the delay. 
Please find attached our account details. 
Regards. 
Kifah laham 
Chief Executive Officer 
C 
xavier cartron 
; 
3. passage Krocher 
land Development 
Xavier CARTRON 
EFTA00811877
--- PAGE 4 ---
75018 PARIS 
FRANCE 
Tel: 
Mob: 
Email: 
Web: xaviercortron.fr 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:leevacationeamail.com]
Sent: Monday, Se tember 17 2018 8:00 PM 
To: Kifah laham; 
Subject: 
wiring instructions? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00811878
--- PAGE 5 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
C 
xavier cartron 
Wiring Instructions 
Euro Account 
Xavier CARTRON SAS 
IISI3C FR CAF SAINT MAUR 
WAN: 
BIC: 
EFTA00811879
--- PAGE 6 ---
From: jeffrey E. jeevacation@gmad corn 
Subject: 
Date: September 17, 2018 at 4:26 PM 
To: Richard Kah 
send 30k euros to kifah 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.conn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00811880
--- PAGE 7 ---
From: Jeffrey E. jeevacalion@gmaii corn # 
Subject: Re: LS.118.41: Little Saint James island Development I XC Technical and Financial Propsoal Rev.2 
Date: September 
M 
'li
ana
=
To: 
alt Lawn 
, Richard Kahn 
Darren Indyke 
On Fri Se 14 2018 at 2:36 PM, Kifah Laham 
wrote: 
Dear Mr. Jeffery, 
I think there is misunderstanding in the terminologies. If you have 5 min, I can call you and 
explain. 
Thank you, 
Kifah Laham 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto 
Sent: Friday, September 14, 2018 9:26 PM 
To: Kifah Laham 
Subject: Re: LSJ18.41: Little Saint James Island Development I XC Technical and Financial 
Propsoal Rev.2 
all good except the exemption for any services not included??! 
funny . doesnt anyone ever read these things. , I am happy to 
work with you , but i dont think we need to consider sewage 
treatment plants nearby :) 
On Fri Se 14 2018 at 12:29 PM, Kifah Laham 
wrote: 
Dear Mr. Jeffery, 
Please find attached our revised Technical and Financial Proposal REV.2. 
EFTA00811881
--- PAGE 8 ---
We hope this proposal meets your requirements and look forward to receiving your confirmation. 
If you have any queries please don't hesitate to contact the undersigned. 
Regards, 
Kifah Laham 
Chief Executive Officer 
C 
xavier cartron 
PA P: 
75018 PARIS 
FRANCE 
Tel: 
Mob: 
Email: 
Web: xoviercortron.fr 
From: Kifah Laham 
Sent: Thursday, September 13, 2018 11:30 AM 
To: 'Jeffrey E.' 
rte. 
dab. r 
A rb-rnnk I. 
EFTA00811882
--- PAGE 9 ---
ACIVICI tart I RUN, rosiya IJOIJUI 
Subject: LSJ18.41: Little Saint James Island Development 
Dear Mr. Jeffery, 
Hope you are well and it was very nice to speak again on Monday. 
Thank you for your below email, we will review it and compare it to ours (perimeter of scope and 
deliverables) and come back to you by tomorrow regarding our revised proposal. 
We assume that the below covers Little Saint James Island Development only and not both Islands. 
Please confirm. 
We will do our best to drop our fees to the bare minimum as we are very excited to work together on 
your project. 
Regards, 
Klfah Laham 
Chief Executive Officer 
C 
xavier cartron 
P • f:!s 
3, passage Krocher 
75018 PARIS 
EFTA00811883
--- PAGE 10 ---
FRANCE 
Tel: 
Mob: 
Email: 
Web: xaviercaMon fr 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto•jeemacatioragmailatO 
Sent: Wednesday Se tember 12, 2018 6:28 PM 
To: Kifah Laham; 
Subject: 
here is a proposal from another firm . so im not sure what to do. 
as i think you guys are great but the risk should be shared. I am 
happy to pay the same or even double. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights 
■ 
EFTA00811884
--- PAGE 11 ---
MLR Itinethet 
ZA.11.0.:-..rb 
YAW 1•241111 NO ITS SLISOUTC••••:. IFTWOMICHT 
• uLLSLU1 ILAh ITCHU HMI 
• IL COR RAM 004 
V2/2104 
• YAM It CTONS MO ILLVAIDCHe Waal no, 
• cacka FULOISHIO PUNS /501/LI T'1» 
• Ian ibtoTiLAHOWJJPITGIHRTOR/11 
• 4.411 CT WHIT HUH 
IS f/000 HO/JOS 
• dand2 RAnwnl.liT~HTC. 
• Lum HCvSt An(THECT844. atI~E 
• 1144 HOI/SL t XTr ROHS 400 14OHCATL IYlMgf  S 
xt 
an tor A.HQ•111CHT21 1 H.Cm S ~TA: 
20 IIITOOPLIMIS 
1.4141 VIEW 
2. HOUSt Vt., A 
HO,4 14 es H 
N • CI 
PC LOCO <WU TOtt 1419J1 
TI ClUidr MtC4YURI 
V -  
VrtI1•A OARS 
t 
COTCCIII 0114o Tay I 
; 
COCIPT CeTiOT HTL4 
TOTAL 
e "if I.% 
S'C e nr0.5 
rot ~4 
• 
COS l St4AI~ 
HVOGt 1 
• 
151.44-2211 HCt 
TIP. V; 1.14-1.1t • 
• 
ttA.tt & Al:COLL:OA '0% CTTat../ 
- PAYMITHIr 
. 
11[40$ Or 1•414211 
Al II I•Xfk 
Les IluDerl 
~KW 
el 
. 
rw:loott r:_
TKISHALATON 
OILSOMINT.TalliV roast I 
TT  
ro.. 
1411100 
»OH 
Mint tif eo 
OTTAL 
conotri OE WON ~Orr 
Malt 
TO% 
II COTS 
11114114 
C4403 at. 
VA I) »Irma "OeteaC 
2MCCS 
EFTA00811885

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811886.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00811886
--- PAGE 2 ---
an der Heide - Sep. 08, '17 
EFTA00811887

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811888.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY 
2016 
2017 
1/1/2018 - 10/4/2018 
Per Quickbooks 
47,360 
104,390 
45,253 
Note: Travel is not included in above totals unless it is a gift and we are made aware 
EFTA00811888
--- PAGE 2 ---
8:31 AM 
10/04/18 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January 1 through October 4, 2018 
Type 
Dote 
Num 
50000 • General 
50080 
sone iniMi 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
01/12/2018 
01/1212018 
01/12/2018 
01/124018 
01/12/2018 
01/12/2018 
01/12/2018 
01/12/2018 
02/1312018 
02/13/2018 
02/13/2018 
02/1312018 
02/13/2018 
02/13/2018 
02/13/2018 
02/13/2018 
02/132018 
02/13/2018 
02/13/2018 
03/142018 
031102018 
03/142018 
meals 
03/14/2018 
03/14/2018 
03114/2018 
03/14/2018 
03/14/2018 
03/14/2018 
04/122018 
04/1212018 
04/1212018 
04/12/2018 
04112/2018 
04/12/2018 
04/12/2018 
04/1212018 
04/12/2018 
04/12/2018 
04/12/2018 
04/12/2018 
04/12/2018 
0511512018 
00104/2018 
06/152018 
06/15/2018 
08/1512018 
06/15/2018 
0625/2018 
06/15/2018 
0611512018 
08/1512018 
06/15/2018 
Name 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37. 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37. 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Ewes 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37. . 
Frederic Fekkai 8 Co. 
American Express 37. 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Amencan Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Memo 
month american phone 
facial. beauty, book 
food Jan St 
GYM 
travel to Italy 
Nunes 
Presemt in Moscow 
UM Jan 51 
books and english course 
clothes 
cosmetics. manicure 
food Feb st 
GYM 
h9 
Runes 
JE present forM birthday 
two Fob st 
Theft test 
yrinterclothos 
beauty supplies, hair nail facial 
chimes* corset toot books 
Clothes 
food 
hg 
has 
Moscow apr rent 2 month 
present for morn 
Pegne 
two March statement 
beauty supples 
books 
chimes* and language COurSOS 
facial 
food 
grh 
he 
hotel 
itunes 
motile 
Moscow rent 
he 
tranSP0PahOrl 
2018 st 
clothes 
facia nails 
flowers 
fool 
GRE class 
GYM 
hg 
rare 
Venmo Cass 
Cir 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex 
133.06 
133.06 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,342.48 
1,475.54 
25003 • Amex ... 
505.81 
1,981.15 
25003 • MVO ... 
235.00 
2.216.15 
26003. Amex ... 
2.829 22 
4.845.37 
25003 • Amex ... 
81.53 
4,928.90 
25003 • Amex 
125.00 
5,051.90 
25003 • Amex ... 
224.38 
5,278.28 
25003 • Amex ... 
2134.29 
5.540.57 
25003 • Amex ... 
837.33 
6177.90 
25003 • Amex ... 
791.47 
6989.37 
25003 • Amex ... 
595.88 
7,665.23 
25003 • Amex ... 
235.00 
7,800.23 
25003 • Amex ... 
533.55 
6333.78 
25003 • Amex ... 
88.99 
8,420.77 
25003 • Amex ... 
899.39 
9,320.18 
25003 • Amex ... 
364.50 
9,684.88 
25003 • Amex 
260.00 
9,94418 
25003 • Amex ... 
852.14 
10,708.80 
25003 • Amex... 
762.62 
11,559.42 
25003 • Amex ... 
509.57 
12,068.99 
25003 • Amex ... 
179.89 
12,248.88 
25003 • Amex ... 
848.43 
13,097.11 
25003 • Amex 
237.78 
13,334.89 
25003 • Amex ... 
22.87 
13,367.58 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,020.30 
14,386.88 
25003 Amex ... 
12000 
14,515.88 
25003 Amex 
86.63 
14,582_39 
25003 • AMA ... 
510.33 
15,092.72 
25003 • Amex 
72.70 
15,165.42 
25003 • Amex ... 
57.07 
15,222.49 
26003 Amex ... 
768.52 
15,970.01 
25003 • Amex ... 
112.88 
18,091.87 
25003 • Amex... 
871.30 
18,983.17 
25003 • Amex ... 
240.00 
17,203.17 
25003 • Amex ... 
128.93 
17,332.10 
25003 • Amex... 
163.78 
17,485.88 
25003 • Amex ... 
85.78 
17,551.84 
25003 • Amex... 
65.53 
17,817.17 
25003 • Amex .. 
515.00 
18,132.17 
26003 Amex .. 
913.41 
19,045.58 
25003 Amex ... 
981.48 
20.027.08 
26003 • Amex 
4.588.72 
24,613.78 
25003 • Amex ... 
423.23 
25,037.01 
26003 • Amex ... 
84.75 
26,101.78 
25003 • Amex... 
385.91 
25,487.87 
26003 • Amex ... 
103.43 
25,571.10 
25003 • Amex ... 
329.47 
25,900.57 
25003 • Amex ... 
1.249.00 
27,149.57 
26003 • Amex 
240.00 
27,389.67 
25003 • Amex ... 
23812 
27,628 29 
25003 • Amex ... 
515.00 
28,143 29 
25003 • Amex ... 
30.55 
28,173.84 
Page 1 
EFTA00811889
--- PAGE 3 ---
8:31 AM 
10/0418 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January 1 through October 4, 2018 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
Clr 
Spilt 
25003 - Amex... 
14077 • LSJ E... 
25003 • Amex... 
25003 • Amex ... 
25003 • Amex... 
Debit 
Credit 
Selene* 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2018 
General Journal 
07/11/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
07/20/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
08/14/2018 
Credit Card Charge 
09114/2018 
Total 50104 NEM 
Total 50080 Gifts 
Total 50000 • General 
TOTAL 
ress 37.. 
Amencan Express 37.. 
American Express 37.. 
American Express 37.. 
two and subway 
58000 as per JE 
July 10 2018 st 
August 10 2018 st 
Amex spending OW10/18-0925/18 
419.07 
8,000.00 
3,043.34 
3,020.55 
2,595.71 
28,59291 
36,592.91 
39,63625 
42,656.80 
45,252.61 
45,252.61 
000 
43,262.61 
45,252.61 
0.00 
4026161 
45,252.61 
000 
45,252.51 
45,252.51 
0.00 
45,252.51 
Page 2 
EFTA00811890
--- PAGE 4 ---
8:31 AM 
1004/18 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2017 
Type 
50000 • General 
Date 
60080 • GI 
50104• 
Credit Card Charge 
01/11/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
0104/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/2412017 
01/2412017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
01/24/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/102017 
02/1012017 
02/10/2017 
02002017 
02/10/2017 
02/10/2017 
02/11/2017 
02/11/2017 
02/11/2017 
02/11/2017 
02/11/2017 
02/110017 
02/11/2017 
02/27/2017 
03/02/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/1512017 
03/15/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/16/2017 
03/15/2017 
03/1512017 
03/150017 
03/150017 
03/15/2017 
03/152017 
03/15/2017 
03/184017 
04/18/2017 
04/18/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card charge 
Credit Card Chortle 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Check 
Check 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Check 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Num 
Name 
Stubhub 
Delta Air Lines 
JetBlue 
United Airlines 
United Airlines 
United Airlines 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Amencan Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37...
Aeroflot Russian 
American Alnines Co 
American Ailnes Co 
Delta Air Lines 
W South Beach note 
FontaneElleu Miami 
Miami 
American Expresi 37... 
Delta Air Lines 
American Aire
Nikolay Gyrov • M... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Amercan Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Banana Republic 
American Express 37... 
Frederic Fekkei Si Co. 
Memo 
C ballet 
NY-PB 
PB-NY 
NY - Aspen_NY 
NY -Denver economy Pus 
Denver - NY 
Aspen trip expenses- hotel, food. ententainm... 
An 
ballet Supplies and classes 
clothes 
xosmetics 
Litesteps -doctor 
Bryant park 
foal January statement 
hotel NY 
pharmacy January statement 
photo 
tan January statement 
travel exp airport charges 
ATT 
bust classes 
clothes 
food Feb 2017 siatternent 
Hotel charges Means 01/28.02/06/17 
nails 
pharmacy 
taxi Feb 2017 statement 
• travel 
NY - Moscow 
NY - Komi 
Miami • NY 
NY • PB 
metier 
per JE to Karina 
NY • PB 03102/17 
STT- NY 
Shape magazine publication 
charger, book, cd. etc 
clothes 
manicure, cosmetics etc 
flowers 
Food March Statement 
GYM 
phone - 2 month 
Tani March statement 
MY exam 
JE shopping With= 
V
payment tor magazine 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex . 
826.42 
826.42 
25003 • Amex ... 
299.05 
1,125.47 
25003 • Amex 
223.10 
1,348.57 
25003 • Amex ... 
849.20 
2,197.77 
25033. Amex . 
107.00 
2,304.77 
25403 • Amex 
99.00 
2403.77 
25003 • Amex . 
2999.37 
5,403.14 
25003 • Amex . 
49.00 
5,452.14 
25003 • Amex 
244.41 
5,696.55 
25003 • Amex . 
2,176.87 
7,872.42 
25003 • Amex ... 
133.01 
8,005.43 
25003 • Amex 
370.00 
8,375.43 
25003 • Amex ... 
30.00 
8,405.43 
25003 • Amex 
880.07 
9.085.50 
25003 • Amex „. 
238.58 
9,324.08 
25003 . Amex 
158.12 
9,480.20 
25003 • Amex ... 
5.00 
9,485.20 
25003 . Amex ... 
817.74 
1430294 
26003 • Amex 
207.55 
10,510.79 
25003 . Amex ... 
65.33 
10,576.12 
26003 • Amex 
79.00 
10,655.12 
25003 • Amex .. 
774.33 
11,429.45 
25003 • Amex 
1,078.73 
12,50118 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,885.49 
14,391.87 
25003 • Amex 
87.00 
14,47187 
25003 • Amex 
147.56 
14,82623 
25003 • Amex . 
879.95 
15,505.18 
25003 • Amex . 
96.78 
15,80216 
25003 • Amex . 
105.00 
15,707.96 
26003 • Amex 
135.62 
15,843.58 
25003 • Amex ... 
212.26 
16,055.84 
26003 • Amex 
108.20 
16,184.04 
25003 • Amex ... 
2.674.44 
18.838.48 
25003 • Amex 
2.825.35 
21,483.83 
25003 • Amex ... 
2,625.35 
24,089.18 
10013 • D8 JE. . 
10.00400 
34,089.18 
10502 • JEE Ca... 
5400.00 
39,089.18 
25003 Amex ... 
201.19 
39,290.37 
25003 • Amex ... 
231.20 
39.521.57 
25003 Amex 
328.36 
39,847.93 
10013 • DB JE 
2,000.00 
41,847.93 
25003 • Amex 
136.11 
41.98444 
25003 • Amex 
1,311.56 
43,295.80 
25003 Amex ... 
303.52 
43,599.12 
25003 • Amex._ 
212.28 
43,011.40 
25003 • Amex 
846.42 
44.057.82 
25003 • Amex .. 
426.96 
45,084.78 
25003 • Amex ... 
130.66 
45,215.44 
25003 • Amex . 
1,038.08 
46.253.52 
25003 • Amex . . 
195.00 
46,448.52 
25003 • Amex .. 
302.00 
48,750.52 
25003 • Amex 
124.99 
46175.51 
25003 • Amex ... 
245.56 
47,121.07 
Page 1 
EFTA00811891
--- PAGE 5 ---
8:31 AM 
10/04/18 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
04/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05118/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/180017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/1842017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
05/18/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/12/2017 
Frederic Fekkai 8 Co. 
Credit Card Charge 
0(012/2017 
GAP 
Credit Card Charge 
06/12/2017 
Frederic Fekkai & Co. 
Credit Card Charge 
OB/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/1412017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/1412017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06114/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
06/14/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
General Journal 
06/14/2017 
07/10/2017 
JE fro. Ma
ss 37...
Credit Card Charge 
07/10/2017 
Delta Air Lines 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit card Charge 
07/112017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/11/2017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/112017 
American Express 37... 
Credit Card Charge 
07/12/2017 
Frederic Finkel 8 Co. 
Credit Card Charge 
07/12/2017 
Frederic Fekkai 8 Co. 
Cheek 
07/14/2017 
Wells Fargo Visa 
Credit Card Change 
06115/71317 
Frederic Fekkai 8 Co. 
Credit Card Charge 
06/15/2017 
Frederic Nikkei 8 Co. 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
American Express 37... 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2017 
Memo 
Food April 2017 
GYM 
hg and clothes 
pharmacy and hg 
nrir3 
Taxi Apri 2017 
cleaners 
flowers 
food May 10 statement 
GYM 
hg 
phanacyllig 
phone 
taKnay 10 statement 
TOEFL 
Shoes 
Dully Puerto Rico 
COs fora and Karyna 
ATT 
beauty supplies — Bbomingdales 
Books 
edhes 
Food June statement 
GYM 
HG • Century 21. Staples 
Runes 
Tiffany jewelry 
lingerie 
museum 
rises 
pharmacy 
tan 
rent for 6 month 
LaS Vegas-NY 06/19/17 
AT&T - 2 month 
beauty supplies 
toles 
food July st 
GYM 
Icy 
hotel Las Vegas 
Nunn 
phamiacy 
taxi July St 
ticket master LV 
charges 
15t
2015 interment - cent 229012082 
ATI 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex _. 
1,635.63 
48,756.70 
25003 • Amex ... 
235.00 
48,991.70 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,075.28 
50,066.98 
25003 • Amex ... 
366.38 
50,433 34 
25003 • Amex... 
199.00 
50,63234 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,067.00 
51,699.34 
25003 • Amex... 
183.75 
51,883.08 
25003 • Amex... 
175.48 
52,058.55 
25003 • Amex... 
1,212.62 
53,271.17 
25003 • Amex... 
235.00 
53,506.17 
25003 • Amex 
861.71 
54,367.68 
25003 • Amex ... 
92.74 
54,460.62 
26003 • Amex 
75.33 
54,535.95 
25003 • Amex ... 
842.09 
55,378.04 
25003 • Amex .. 
195.00 
55.573.04 
25003 • Amex ... 
96.52 
55,669.56 
25003 • Amex 
250.00 
55,919.56 
25003 • Amex ... 
115.64 
56,035.20 
25003 • Amex ... 
436.81 
56.472.01 
25003 • Amex ... 
270.45 
56,742.46 
25003 Amex ... 
590.43 
57,332.89 
25003 • Amex 
65.33 
57,398.22 
25003 • Amex ... 
339.28 
57,737.50 
25003 • Amex 
38.10 
57,775.60 
25003 • Amex... 
358.35 
58,133.95 
25003 • AMISX 
1,318.08 
59,452.03 
25003 • Amex 
235.00 
59,687.03 
25003 • Amex ... 
550.15 
60.237.18 
25003 • Amex ... 
15.98 
60,253.16 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,627.68 
61,880.84 
25003 • Amex 
485.81 
62366.65 
25003 • Amex... 
37.02 
62,403.67 
25000 • Amex 
53.20 
52,458.87 
25003 • Amex... 
123.84 
62,580.71 
25003 • Amex 
831.03 
63,411.74 
25003 • Amex ... 
45.95 
63,457.69 
14077 • LS) E... 
3,000.00 
86,457.69 
25003 • Amex ... 
328.20 
86,785.89 
25003 • Amex .„ 
130.66 
66,916.55 
25003 • Amex ... 
462.35 
87,378.90 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,055.94 
68,434.84 
25003 • Amex 
1.248.19 
89,683.03 
25003 • Amex ... 
322.78 
70,005.81 
25003 • Amex ... 
48.80 
70,054.61 
25003 • Amex _. 
671.76 
70,726.37 
25003 • Amex „. 
88.90 
70,815.27 
25003 • Amex ... 
388.20 
71,203.47 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,180.31 
72.383 70 
25003 • Amex ... 
348.10 
72.729.88 
25003 • Amex._ 
100.00 
72,829.88 
25003 • Amex 
245.58 
73,075.46 
25003 • Amex 
470.00 
73.545.46 
10013 • 0B JE... 
495.00 
74.040.413 
25003 • Amex... 
91229 
74,952.75 
25003 • Amex 
491.15 
75,443.90 
25003 • Amex 
1&34 
75,48024 
Page 2 
EFTA00811892
--- PAGE 6 ---
8:31 AM 
10/04/18 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
Credit Card Charge 
*1512017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/7017 
Credit Card Charge 
ovisava 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/154017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
08/15/017 
Credit Card Charge 
09113/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/1302017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/132017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/132017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
091132017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/132017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
09113/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/132017 
Credit Card Charge 
09/19/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
10/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
10/1312017 
Credit Card Charge 
10113/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
10/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
10/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
10/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
10/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
10/13/2017 
Credit Card charge 
10/13/2017 
Credit card Charge 
10/13/2012
Credit Card Charge 
10/13/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
10113/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
10/13/2012
Credit Card Charge 
10/132017 
General Journal 
10/17/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
10/30/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
Credit card Charge 
11/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2012
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2012
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2017 
Num 
Name 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American ()press 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37,.. 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Frederic Fekkai 5 Co. 
Thomas J. Magnin' 
Thomas J. Magnani 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Ticket Master 
Amencan Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Memo 
beady supplies 
Coursehouse5 - classes 
dollies August st 
Food 
Food August 2017 
Equinox2 and Dogpound GYM 
hair 
hg 
Runes 
pharmacy 
Staples 
tad August st 
Broadway tickets 
hg7 
ballet 
becks 
chinese dasses_ABC languages 
clothes 
beauty supplies 
dry cleaner 
food Sept statement 
Runes 
Magazine 
coffins ease 
shoes • Macys 
Equinox and other 
staples 
hg 
tend 
English class - test success 
beauty supplies 
books 
clothes 
food Oct statement 
lutes 
nails and masage 
eel phone 
°Nate course 
photo 
GYM and bootcamp October statement 
taxi 
clothes 
facial. hair and nails 
food Nov 10 st 
GYM 
Mines 
phone and win 
Taxi noir 10 st 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex ... 
25003 • Amex ... 
25003 • Amex ... 
25003 Amex 
25003 • Amex... 
258.10 
322.00 
806.85 
41.37 
1,922.07 
75216.34 
70,038 34 
76,845.19 
76,688.56 
78,608.63 
25003 • Amex ... 
773.34 
79,381.97 
25003 • Amex ... 
287.41 
79069.38 
25003 • Amex... 
496.33 
00,165.71 
25003 • Amex 
87.73 
80253.44 
25003 • Amex... 
7262 
00,326.08 
25003 • Amex 
6.60 
80332.66 
25003 • Amex... 
794.45 
81,127.11 
25003 • Amex 
212.00 
81,339.11 
25003 • Amex ... 
56.94 
81,396.05 
25003 • Amex 
19.00 
81,415.05 
25003 Amex ... 
41.62 
81,456.57 
25003 Amex ... 
370.00 
81,828.67 
25003 • Amex ... 
192.80 
82,019.53 
25003 • Amex ... 
374.77 
82.394.30 
25003 • Amex 
47.75 
82,442.05 
25003 Amex ... 
637.27 
83,079.32 
25003 • Amex... 
77.59 
83,166.91 
25003 • Amex ... 
27.65 
83,184.56 
25003 • Amex ... 
39.00 
83,223.56 
25003 • Amex ... 
849.23 
84.07279 
25003 • Amex ... 
334.94 
84,407.73 
25003 • Amex ... 
6.08 
84,413.81 
25003 • Amex ... 
328.61 
84,740.42 
25003 • Amex ... 
844.22 
85,584.64 
25003 • Amex ... 
643.75 
86,228.39 
26003 • Amex 
62.06 
86,290.45 
25003 • Amex 
261.25 
88,551.70 
25003 • Amex ... 
220.00 
80,771.70 
25003 • Amex ... 
220.00 
86,991.70 
25003 • Amex 
48.96 
67,040.68 
25003 Amex... 
76.32 
87,116.98 
26003 • Amex 
530.27 
87,847.25 
25003 • MVO ... 
1,738.77 
89.386.02 
25003 • Amex ... 
307.87 
89.693.89 
25003 • Amex 
132.24 
89,828.13 
25003 • Amex ... 
300.36 
90,126.49 
25003 • Amex ... 
70.77 
90,197.26 
25003 • Amex ... 
39.00 
90,236-26 
25003 Amex .. 
43.53 
90279.79 
25003 • Amex ... 
612.94 
90,892.73 
26003 • Amex 
331.96 
91,224.69 
14077 • LSJ E... 
2000.00 
93,224.69 
25003 • Amex . . 
168.60 
93,391.29 
25003 ATM( ... 
1,056.66 
94,449.95 
25003 • Amex . 
480.53 
94,930.48 
25003 • Amex . . 
1,830.78 
96,761.24 
25003 • Amex ... 
499.55 
97.260.79 
25003 • Amex . 
28.40 
97,289.10 
25003 • Amex .„ 
86.66 
97,375.85 
264)03 Amex .. 
304.16 
97,680.01 
25003 • Amex 
899.38 
98.579.37 
Page 3 
EFTA00811893
--- PAGE 7 ---
8:31 AM 
10104/18 
Accrual Basle 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2017 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
Credit Card Charge 
11/15/2017 
Credit Card Charge 
12/13/2017 
rots 50104 =MI 
Total 50080 . Gifts 
Total 50000. General 
TOTAL 
Amencan Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
jar.LFL 
M 
Dec 10 2017 statement 
25003 • Amex .. 
25003 • Amex 
195.00 
5,615 58 
98.774.37 
104.389 95 
104.389 95 
0.00 
104.389 95 
104,389.95 
0.00 
104.389 95 
104.389 95 
0.00 
104,38995 
104,389.95 
0.00 
104,389.95 
Page 4 
EFTA00811894
--- PAGE 8 ---
8:31 AM 
10104118 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 201 6 
Type 
50000 General 
50080 • Gifts 
50104 '•anal. 
01/20/2016 
01/20/2016 
02/23/2016 
03/24/2016 
03424/2016 
04/12/2016 
04/12/2016 
04/122016 
04/12/2016 
04/12/2016 
04/1242016 
04/12/2016 
05/12/2016 
0541302016 
0541312016 
0541342016 
0541302016 
05/13/2016 
05/18/2016 
05/14/2016 
0841442016 
06/14/2016 
06414/2018 
07/152016 
07/19/2016 
07/1942016 
071202016 
07/20/2018 
07/2042018 
07/2042018 
07/20/2016 
07/202018 
0841142016 
08/11/2018 
06/11/2016 
08/11/2016 
08.212016 
08111/2016 
08411/2016 
08/11/2016 
06/1142016 
08/18/2018 
09/04/2016 
09/14/2018 
09/14/2016 
09/14/2018 
0925,2016 
09/15/2018 
09/15/2016 
09/2312016 
10/17/2016 
10/17/2016 
10/17/2016 
Date 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Credit 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Check 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Check 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Num 
r 
Name 
Delta Air Lines 
American Airlines Co 
Aeroflot Russian Aidi... 
Aeroflot Russian AN... 
Delta Air Lines 
Rapunzers Closet 
GAP 
JetBlue 
JetBlue 
JetBlue 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37...
American Express 37... 
Frederic Fekkai & Co. 
Ralph Lauren 
American /Wines Co 
Aeroflot Russian Aire. 
Delta Air Lines 
Toils 
Amercan Express 37.. 
Delta Air Lines 
Aeroflot Russian MIL. 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Delray Beach Ruffling 
Atter Midnight lIngerey 
Aeroflot Russian Airli.. 
Aeroflot Russian Ala.. 
Della Air Lines 
Aeroflot Russian Ake.. 
Aeroflot Russian Akh... 
Aeroflot Russian MIL 
Apple Computer 
Telecharge Svce 
for MI Mankind 
OK Medical Center 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Walgreens 
Wells Fargo Visa 
American Express 37... 
Thomas J. Magnani 
Ticket Master 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Nikday Gyrov • 
.. 
American EExpressa 
American Express 37... 
Amencan Express 37... 
or
AMOS 
massage 
SONS • AMOY, 
In• for 
Moscow - NY - Moscow 
NY - STT 
Moscow - Moscow-Pans.Moscow 
Moscow- NY -Moscow 
Moscow - NY -Moscow 
Menlo 
or 
Gift for 
osxow - Amsterdam NY - Mo... 
arls • NY -Moscow 
NY • Moscow. 
cow • NY • Moscow 
Ire • STT 
PB - NY 
PEI • NY 
PB - NY 
-clothes fora 
M
el 
- clothes for,
NY - SIT 
NY • Moscow 
STT - NY 
or 
fail June Am x statement 
NY -STT 
scow - NY - Moscow 
and Olivia 
on auly 
statement 
ve 
and 
CbEtEes- "r• • •img with JE 
Medical for 
or 
PB
Seamless - 
or 
August statement 
Beach wear for 
Lunch for aan~a• 
JE approved 
Massage 
Shopping for 
and 
• JE approved 
prescription 
ne fo 
August 14 2015 slaloms • cowINI6432 
food for 
Seamless 
e
Rano morn 
ngliSil classes 
phone payment - Vesta AT&T 
beautiful fOr In 
U
pubecations krraltseazin• 
or 
Seamless Od for ME 
taxi 
-JE approved 
Clr 
Split 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex 
347.48 
347.46 
25003 : Amex ... 
803.28 
1,150.72 
25003 • Amex 
470.60 
1,821.32 
25003 • Amex ... 
432.16 
2,053.48 
25003 • Amex ... 
363.90 
2417.38 
25003 • Amex ... 
461.10 
2,878.48 
25003 • Amex 
250.82 
3,129.30 
25003 • Amex ... 
201.10 
3,330.40 
25003 Amex ... 
50.00 
3.380.40 
25003 • Amex 
282.10 
3,662.50 
25003 • Amex... 
25840 
3,920.90 
25003 • Amex . . 
75.00 
3,996.90 
25003 Amex... 
271.50 
4,267.40 
25003 : Amex .. 
235.11 
4,502.51 
25003 : Amex .. 
3,881.38 
8,383.89 
25003 Amex ... 
284.90 
8,668.79 
25003 • Amex._ 
201.00 
8,869.79 
25003 • Amex... 
344.88 
9,214.65 
25031 • Arnerk.... 
462.72 
9.677.37 
25003 Amex ... 
462.41 
10.129.78 
25003 • Amex ... 
345.90 
10.475.68 
25003 • Amex ... 
61436 
11,090.04 
25003 • Amex ... 
325.58 
11.415.60 
25003 • Amex ... 
527.30 
11,942.90 
Amex Blue Jug... 
85.91 
12.008.81 
Amex Blue Jug... 
192.67 
12,201.48 
25003 • Amex ... 
335.00 
12,536.48 
25003 • Annex ... 
114.00 
12,650.48 
25003 • Amex 
348.90 
12,999.38 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,483.50 
14.482.88 
25003 • Amex... 
114.00 
14,596.88 
25003 • Amex ... 
1,483.50 
13,113.36 
25003 • Amex ... 
86.01 
13,199.39 
25003 : Amex ... 
398.38 
13.59777 
25003 • Amex... 
421.35 
14,019.12 
25003 • Amex ... 
140.00 
14,169.12 
25003 • Amex ... 
382.66 
14,541.78 
25003 • Amex ... 
26750 
14,80928 
25003 • Amex ... 
71.05 
14,880.33 
25003 • Amex ... 
144.00 
15,024.33 
25003 • Amex ... 
635.28 
15,859.61 
Amex Blue Kar... 
810.28 
16,669.89 
10013 • DB JE.. 
1,976.80 
18,646.69 
25003 • Amex ... 
108.21 
18,752_90 
25003 • Amex ... 
492.00 
19,244.90 
25003 'Amex ... 
427.20 
19072.10 
25003 • Amex ... 
311.00 
19,983.10 
25003 • Amex 
49.00 
20,032.10 
25003 . Amex ... 
29.98 
20,082-08 
10013 • DB JE.. 
1.700.00 
21,762.08 
25003 • Amex 
49.00 
21,811.08 
26003 • Amex 
317.91 
22,128.99 
25003 - Amex ... 
27.11 
22,156.10 
Page 1 
EFTA00811895
--- PAGE 9 ---
811 AM 
10/04/18 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Transaction Detail By Account 
January through December 2016 
Type 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Check 
Check 
Credit Card Charge 
Check 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
Deposit 
Check 
Credit Card Charge 
Credit Card Charge 
General Journal 
Total 50104 
Total 50080 • Gifts 
Total 50000 General 
TOTAL 
Date 
10/17/2016 
10/17/2016 
10/18/2016 
10/10/2016 
10/19/2016 
10/19/2016 
10/10/2016 
10/192016 
10/19/2018 
11/04/2015 
11/04/2016 
11/14/2018 
11/15/2016 
11/16/2010 
11/162016 
11/16/2016 
11/18/2016 
11/18/2016 
11/162016 
11/16/2016 
11/16/2016 
11/162016 
11/16/2016 
11/16/2016 
11/16/2016 
11/16/2016 
11/16/2016 
11/182016 
11/20/2016 
1221/2016 
12/21/2016 
12/312016 
Num 
Name 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37..
Frederic Fekkal & Co. 
CET/Citicar 
Amtrak - T 
Ralph Lauren 
Ralph Lauren 
Chacott by Freed 
swan 
Ant.. 
Radik tshmakoy - Art.. 
nani 
likair 
Man.- 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Arnencan Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
American Express 37... 
Radik Ishmakoya.. 
Nikotay Gyrov 
Delta Air Lines 
American Express 37... 
Memo 
opscal - glasses fixed 
a
rnaingeales - loather Jacket 
Kappa 
and parents 
and her morn to Washington 
s for` 
NY -Moscow 
per JE 
it
Rubles -3 month rent Nov - Jan 2018 ( 
84000 Rubles -3 month rent Nov - Jan 2016 . 
halal classes (20 ea) 
beauty supplies 
&Vies Nov statement, included halloween 
dry cleaners 
food Nov statement 
Mirror dumb bells forts 
plic4oshooling stub, rent and photoshooling 
lase -SPA 
tan - Nov statement 
tickets for halicriveen party 
TOEFL eras 
Seamless I 
Vetting - engkas lOrMa 
ATT prepaid ex 
wire returned 84000 Rubles .3 month rent No... 
publication 
P8 - NY 
Dec 2016 statement - correct when rep...
Clr 
Spilt 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
25003 • Amex ... 
80.00 
22,238.10 
25003 Amex ... 
300.00 
22,535.10 
Amex Blue Ker... 
269.09 
22,805.19 
25003 Amex ... 
205.77 
23,010.96 
25003 Amex .., 
576.00 
23,586.96 
25003 AMU ... 
340.23 
23,927.19 
25003 Amex ... 
1,63312 
25,580.31 
25003 Amex .., 
478.22 
28038.53 
25003 Amex ... 
254.00 
26,292.53 
10502 JEE Ca.. 
10,000.00 
38,292.53 
10013 • DEI JE... 
1,337.00 
37,629.53 
25003 • Amex... 
1,450.00 
39,079.53 
10013 • 08 JE... 
1,306.48 
40,386.01 
25003 - Amex._ 
79.00 
40.465.01 
25003 Amex... 
281.26 
40,748.27 
25003 Amex._ 
1274.85 
42,021.12 
25003 • Amex ... 
83.75 
42,104.87 
25033 • AMU ... 
131.93 
42,236.80 
25003 • Amex... 
168.45 
42,403.25 
25003 - Amex... 
609.50 
43,07275 
25003 • Amex ... 
218.41 
43,291.16 
25003 • Amex ... 
159.71 
43,450.67 
25003 • Amex -. 
267.16 
43718.03 
25003 • Amex ... 
190.00 
43,908.03 
25003 • Amex ... 
330.68 
44,238.69 
25003 Amex .. 
85.00 
44,323.69 
25003 Amex . 
49.00 
44,372.69 
10013 • DB JE 
1297 32 
43,075.37 
10013 • DB JE... 
1,100.00 
44,175.37 
25003 Amex 
459.38 
44834.75 
25003 AS( 
2.725.35 
47,360.10 
12327 AIM 
34,000.00 
13.360.10 
50.140.92 
33780.82 
13,360.10 
50.14092 
36.780 82 
13,360.10 
50,140 92 
38780.82 
13.360.10 
50,140.92 
36,78022 
13,360.10 
Page 2 
EFTA00811896

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811897.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
9/30/2018 
EFTA00811897
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - SEPTEMBER 30, 201 
8/31/18 
9/30/18 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
101,512,764 
84,251,574 
(17,261,190) 
Fixed Income 
61,437,427 
64,959,055 
3,521,628 
Equities 
141,426,424 
144,578,820 
3,152,396 
Equity ETF's 
875,160 
(875,160) 
Options 
168,553 
(168,553) 
Hedge Funds 
100,411,249 
109,368,930 
8,957,681 
Investments 
52,492,187 
52,242,187 
(250,000) 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
18,350,000 
18,350,000 
-
Loans Receivable 
16,039,472 
16,124,472 
85,000 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
9,900,000 
9,900,000 
-
Loan Payable - BJAV 
(30_500,000) 
(30,500.000) 
- 
Total Assets 
472,113,236 
469,275,038 
-2,838,198 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
ML -STC sold 82,000 shares XLF @ 27.98 
2,294,535 
ML- STC sold 7,066 shares AGN @ 192.53 
1,360,100 
DB - SFL sold 13,000 shares South Korea ETF @ 67.77 
880,276 
-SIC sold 22,000 shares XLF @ 27.98 
615,560 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions 
338,000 
IB -STC sold 10,000 shares XLF @ 27.98 
279,800 
DB - sold 2/10 yield curve option I 
141,000 
DB - Haze sold 25,000 sharies Bombardier @ 4.73 CAD 
90,435 
Plan D LLC - DU Flat Panel (to be refunded less 15% restocking) 
(80,000) 
Loan - David Mitchell 
(85,000) 
Zorro - Paving Additional Deposit 
(99,723) 
Legal Fees - Link 
(100,000) 
LSJE LLC - Car Mixer Cement Truck 
(110,930) 
GSJ - RO 50% deposit 
(118,410) 
MS - Gratitude bought 10.000 shares CTL p 21.18 
(211,827) 
MS -Gratitude bought 250,000 GM 6.5% preferred @ 100 
(250,000) 
MS - Gratitude bought 10,0001PM 5.75% preferred @ 25 
(250,000) 
Miscellaneous 
I 
(319,529) 
MS - Gratitude bought 10,000 shares MSFT @ 111.33 
(1,113,298) 
Monthly Spending 
I 
I 
(1,350,000) 
DB - Bought 2.5mm COFP 4.407 8/2019 Euro Bond 
(2,921,428) 
Honeycomb 8,000,000 additional subscription as of 10-1-2018 
(8,000,000) 
ML - STC bought 125,000 shares CVNA @ 66.01 
(8,250,750) 
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
(17,261,190) 
EFTA00811898
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
bowsaws 
To 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Merrill 
Stanley 
Brokers 
Ameritrada 
Totals 
Cash 
Haze Trust 
28.816,308 
28,816.308 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
4,230,269 
562,662 
299,452 
3,761,389 
5.738.174 
14,591,946 
The 2017 Calendar Trust 
13,548.085 
13,548.085 
Southern Financial LLC 
7.998.993 
100.4134 5.282,498 
13,381,975 
JEE 
3.724,340 
182,445 
49,770 
3.956.555 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
2,339,529 
156,408 
1.248805 
3,744,020 
Jeepers Inc. 
1,499,911 
7.009 
1,506,920 
LSJE LLC 
214.598 
564.997 
303.849 
1,083,444 
Butterfly Trust 
705,802 
705,802 
FT Real Estate 
382.485 
382,485 
Neptune LLC 
386.851 
366,851 
Southern Country International LTD 
361.849 
361.849 
Zorro Management LLC 
267.017 
267,017 
JEGE LLC 
255.685 
255.685 
Plan D LLC 
225,445 
225,445 
Laurel Inc. 
216,829 
216,829 
JEE • Paris (US 5) 
186.275 
186,275 
NES LLC 
148.081 
148,081 
Hyperion Air LLC 
147.204 
147.204 
Thomas World Air LLC 
88.328 
88,328 
Enhanced Education 
12,208 
54,349 
66,557 
Nautilus Inc. 
54.587 
54.587 
Maple Inc. 
31,484 
31,484 
Cypress Inc. 
27.465 
27.465 
JEGE Inc. 
26,796 
26,796 
Michel1es Transportation Co LLC 
24.733 
24.733 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
22,512 
22,512 
Great St Jim LLC 
6.000 
6.000 
LSJ LLC 
5.150 
5,150 
Mon Inc 
4,553 
4.553 
FSF LLC 
337 
337 
The JEE Life Ins Trust #3 
206 
206 
IGO Company LLC 
Total Cash 
64,531,881 
2,749,717 
535,497 
303,849 
3,761,389 
1,248,085 5,838,658 5,282,498 
84,251,574 
EFTA00811899
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
8/31118 
9130118 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Symbo 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
FIXED INCOME 
Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
Citbank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000 
1.999.419 
2.188.300 
2,192.250 
192.831 
JBS Investments 7.75% October 28 2020 
5/18/18 
2,000,000 
2.046,231 
2,084,548 
2,106,224 
59,993 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 3.000,000 
3.337.958 
3.036.541 
3,042,861 
-295,097 
JP Morgan Floating Rale Income fund 
01/22/13 
252,521 
2,521.575 
2.357.402 
2.373.702 
-147.873 
Total Haze Trust • Fixed Income (DB) 
9,905,183 
9,666,791 
9,715,037 
-190,146 
JeeperS - Fixed Income (DE) 
JPM Fbaung Rate Income fund 
02/13/13 
189,166 
1.879,415 
1.765.946 
1.778.158 
-101.259 
Total Jeepers - Fixed Income (OB) 
1,879,415 
1,765,946 
1,778,156 
-101,259 
Income
'GM Financial 6.5% Ned to 9/30/18 Floats thereafter 
9/24/18 
250.000 
250,000 
245583 
-4,417 
JP Morgan Preformed 5.75% 
JPM.D 
9/19/18 
10,000 
250,000 
- 
253,100 
3,100 
Frontier Communications 7.125% Matures 3/15/2019 
10/02117 
1,000,000 
997 32Z 
036 604 
009 269 
947 
Total Gratitude America -Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
1,497,322 
1,036,604 
1,507,952 
10,630 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
Buckeye Partners Fixed to Float 8.375% Callable 1/22/23 
1125/18 
1,000,000 
1,018,741 
958.286 
961 142 
-57 599 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,918,741 
958,286 
961,142 
-57,599 
Southern Trust Co. • Fixed income (Merril° 
Bank of America 5.88% Pfd 12-31-2049 
03/08/18 
1,000,000 
1.000.000 
1,000.000 
990,111 
-9,889 
LSC Communications Inc. 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 
2,650,000 
2,773,650 
704 472 
779 420 
770 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
3,773,650 
3,704,472 
3,769,531 
119 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers) 
Capital One 5.55% Fixed to 9.1.2020 then 380 over 3 mo tor 
5/14/15 3,000,000 
3,009,819 
3.093,000 
3,076,890 
67,072 
Planes Schwab 6.0% Preferred $25 par 
7127/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,044,400 
1,027,200 
27,200 
Etrade Fit-rancid 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then Goats 
10/11/16 
3,000,000 
3,123,122 
3,093,750 
3,101,250 
-21,872 
Gokeren Sachs 5375% Fixed to 5-10-2020 then 392.2 over 3 no litior 
614/15 5,000,000 
5,034.346 
5,162,500 
5,112,000 
77,654 
NGL Energy Partners 9% $25 par 
6/6/17 
40,000 
1.000,000 
993.560 
986.000 
-14,000 
Total Southern Trust Co. -Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers 
13,167,287 
13,387,210 
13,303,340 
136,053 
Southern Financial LLC • Fixed Income (DB) 
Asstxant Fixed to Float 7% March 2048 
3/29/18 
2,000,000 
2,039,798 
2,099,889 
2,031,167 
-8,631, 
CO:nub Inc - Series 0 5.95% 
816115 
3.000,000 
3.000,006 
3,111,073 
3,110.963 
110,957 
Citizens Communications 7.125% Mar 15 2019 
10/3/17 
1,000,000 
1,000,392 
1,036,604 
1,009,269 
8,877 
COFP 4.407 8/2019 Euro Bond 
9/12/18 
2,500,000 
2,921,428 
- 
2,875,046_ 
-46 382 
Deutsche Bank AG 4.875% ow 12/1/2032 
6/1/18 
1,000,000 
868,256 
879,998 
904,665 
36,409 
Deutsche Bank AG 4.296% exp 5/24/2028 
6/1/18 
1,000,000 
917,776 
925,595 
937.026 
250 
Exelanter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
10/24/17 
2,000.000 
1,940,506 
2,120,556 
2,171,667 
231,161 
Exelanter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
7/9/18 
1,000,000 
1,027,756 
1,060,278 
1,085.833 
58,077 
General Electric Co GTO flied to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2085 
12/3/15 
2,469,000 
2,175,016 
2,193,569 
2,250,905 
75,889 
GMAC Cap TR I GTD Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
882 774 
144 000 
104 000 
221,226 
JBS Investments 7.25% April 3 2024 
10/31/17 
2,000,000 
1,981.300 
1,987.740 
2,106.312 
125.012 
JP Morgan Chase 8 Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2,687,500 
2,530,451 
2,535,718 
-151,782 
JP Morgan Chase 8 Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2,675,000 
2,530,451 
2,535,718 
-139,282 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
9/28/17 
332,045 
3,124,261 
3,099,789 
3,121,222 
-3,039 
Lloyds Banking Group Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5/21/13 1,903,000 
1,948.500 
2,002,171 
1.963,658 
15.158 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1130/12 
3,000,000 
2.996.137 
3.195.955 
3.180.729 
184.592 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
33,186,406 
30,918,118 
33,923,897 
737,492 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
64,428,003 
61,437,427 64,959,055 
531,052 
EQUITIES 
Southern Financial LLC- Equities (DB) 
Amazon 
AMZN 
4/2/18 
1,000 
1,395,441 
2,012,710 
2,003,000 
607,559 
Alibaba Group 
MBA 
6/10/15 
5,000 
444.749 
875.050 
823.800 
379.051 
Apple Inc 
AAPL 
12/7/17 
314.000 
53,321.627 
71.475.820 
70.882.360 
17.560.733 
Apple Inc 
AAPL 
6/20/18 
50,000 
9.339,691 
11,381,500 
11,287,000 
1,947,309 
Apollo Global Management 
APO 
3/31/11 
263,157 
4.999.983 
9.086.811 
9.092.074 
4.092.091 
Bogen Idec Inc 
BIIB 
2/14/12 
2,095 
250.455 
740.562 
740,184 
489.729 
Centeno Corp 
CNC 
9/8/14 
15550 
986.497 
2.277.764 
2.251.329 
1.264.832 
General Electric (exercise of puts sold at 18) 
GE 
2/24/18 
25.000 
405.493 
323.500 
282,250 
-123.243 
Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc 
KPTI 
7/12/18 
25,000 
467,106 
526.250 
425,750 
-41,358 
Nintendo 
NTDOV 
2/5/18 
10,000 
517,906 
449.500 
454.650 
-63,256 
Ubisoft Entertainment 
UBSFF 
3/29/18 
11,200 
974,199 
207 367 
215 177 
240 978 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
73.103,147 
100.356.834 
99,457.574 
26.354,427 
EFTA00811900
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase 
Quantity 
8/31/18 
9/30/18 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Symbo 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC • Equities (TO) 
General Electric 
GE 
muhtple 
125,000 
593 861 
1617.50Q 
1.411150 . -1 187 611,
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (TD) 
2,593,861 
1,617,500 
1,411,250 -1,182,611 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Mean° 
Magian (mandatory convert from preferred) 
AGN 
3/1/18 
7,066 
- 
1,354,623 
- 
_ 
KBW Re 'mat Bank ETF 
KRE 
11/16/17 
9.000 
503.167 
568.350 
534.780 
31,613 
Carvana 
CVNA 
9/4/18 
125,000 
8.255,075 
- 
7,386.250 
-868,825 
Facebook 
FB 
7/26/18 
20,000 
3,559,596 
3.514,600 
3,289.200 
-270,396 
OIH Oil Services ETF 
0tH 
5/16/18 
17,003 
490.376 
420.070 
428.230 
-62,146 
XLF Filanacial Sector 
XLF 
8/2/17 
82,000 
- 
2,323.060 
worm COW= On Y27/2019sameixisake efulltduasside tanead nalitl 
9/25/17 ref rime 3555 
2.500.000 
2,453,400 
2,462,650 
-37,350 
Japan Banks Carped Note Exp Feb 1 2019 (75% ',artier) 
1/25/18 
3,000,000 
2,972,100 
2,972,100 
-27,900 
vortex Linked Nita (salted S&P put spreads and buying V1X calls) 
318(18 
3.000,000 
3.074,430 
3.081.756 
81,756 
SX7E Market Plus Nate Ewe/26/2019 (72% baffled 
10/24/17 
3.000.000 
&490.78Q 
2562 150 
-437.850 
Total Southern Trust Co. • Equities (Merrill) 
24,308,214 
171 413 22,717,116 -1,591,098 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
Broadcom 
AVGO 
4/17/18 
4,000 
1,002,093 
876.120 
986,920 
-15.173 
Broadcom 
AVGO 
5/17/18 
4,000 
1,000,000 
876,120 
986.920 
-13 080 
Goldman Sachs 
GS 
1/25/18 
1,850 
499,873 
439,949 
414,844 
-85,029 
General Dynamics 
GD 
217/18 
2,300 
501,381 
444,820 
470,856 
-30,525 
General Dynamics 
GO 
3/27/08 
3,450 
773,056 
667,230 
706.284 
-66,772 
General Dynamics 
GD 
5/7/08 
2,500 
491,250 
483,500 
511,800 
20,550 
Lockheed Manic 
LMT 
2/7/18 
1,400 
489,300 
448,574 
484,344 
-4,956 
Lockheed Martii 
LMT 
3/20/18 
2,100 
707,676 
672,861 
726,516 
18,840 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
5/7118 
1,500 
472,500 
480,615 
518,940 
46,440 
Northeop Grumman 
NOC 
2/7/18 
1,470 
493,920 
438,780 
466,534 
-27,386 
Northeop Grumman 
NOC 
3/28/18 
2,195 
760,159 
655,186 
696,627 
-63,532 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
5/7/18 
1,500 
475,800 
447,735 
476,055 
255 
OIH Oi Services ETF 
OIH 
5/17/08 
17,000 
504,839 
420,070 
428,230 
-76,609 
Raytheon 
RTN 
2/7/18 
2,400 
498,840 
478,560 
495,984 
-2,856 
Raytheon 
RTN 
3/20/18 
3,600 
763,284 
717,840 
743,976 
-19.308 
Raytheon 
RTN 
577/18 
2,400 
491,880 
478,560 
495,984 
4,104 
KBW Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
3/26/18 
20,000 
1,210,847 
1,263,000 
1,188,400 
-22,447 
XLF Finanacial Sector 
XIS 
11/16/17 
10,000 
283,300 
XLF Financial Sector 
XLF 
3/26/18 
22,000 
623260 
• 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers 
11,136,698 
11,196,080 10,799,214 
-337,484 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
General Electric 
GE 
10/23/17 
22,000 
491,068 
284,680 
248,380 
-242,688 
Microsoft 
WET 
9/6/18 
10,000 
1,113,704 
- 
1,143,700 
29,996 
Century Link 
CTL 
9/6118 
10,000 
212,233 
- 
212,000 
-233 
World Acceptance Group 
WRLO 
8/9/18 
10,000 
1.111,107 
186 100 
143 600 
493 
Total Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,928,112 1,470,780 2,747,680 -180,432 
Haze Trust - Equities (DB) 
Bombardier Inc Class B 
swam 
6/21/18 
25,000 
82,643 
Carvana 
CVNA 
6/21/18 
25,000 
1,086,102 
1,61$,500 
1,477250 
391,148 
Google 
GOOG 
2/2118 
2,000 
2222,173 
2.436.380 
2.386.940 
164,767 
3oogle 
GOOG 
12/5/17 
1,000 
1,014,015 
1,218,190 
1.193,470 
179,455 
Jnited Technologies 
UTX 
6/21/18 
15,000 
1.882 944, 
1.975.500 
2.097.150 
214.206 
Haze Trust- Total Equities (DB) 
6,205,234 7,331,213 7,154,810 
949,576 
J Epstein VI Foundation • Equities (DB) 
Bristol Myers Squbb 
SW 
10/30/15 
3,400 
227,604 
205,870 
211,072 
-16,532 
Disney 
OIS 
10130/15 
685 
76.100 
76.734 
80.104 
2.004 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
305,704 
282,604 
291,176 
-14,528 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
120,580,969 
141,426.424 144,578.820 23,997,851 
Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF's (DB) 
shares South Korea ETF 
11/3/17 
13,000 
875,160 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equity ETF'S (DB) 
875,160 
Southern Financial LLC • Options (DB) 
_IS curve cap between 2yr and 10yr swap exp 5.22-2020 
5122/18 *stows sews 
86,528 
- 
JS curve cap between 2yr and 10yr swap exp 6-1.2020 
611/18 *MUM ......• 
82.025 
• 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Options (OB) 
168,553 
Southern Trust Co. - Options (16) 
TOTAL OPTIONS 
- 
168,553 
- 
- 
EFTA00811901
--- PAGE 6 ---
8/31/18 
9/30/18 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financial (SFLLC) 
Oasis 50rtre • >401m 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
46,894,854 
47,287,994 
0.84% 
8.40% withdrew 10mm 1/10/17 
Boothbay Enhanced Fund 
894 336 
7,991 165 
1.23% 
6.55% Eon Feb 12015 start 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
54,789,190 
55,279,159 
2016 Mum 7.77% 
2017 return 153% 
Hedge Funds -Haze 
776 stmt until 10125 
nig retire el mak 
207 retain of caolja1 2616/17 omenotions 04 
King Street - Illiquid Special Investment 
3,102.745 
3,102.745 
2/192010 57,366 
4/15 230.7103 
1127116 5.157.954 mid 
Hedge Funds -Haze 
3,102,745 
3,102,745 
sunom man 
ens lisses 
rime 6.107.524 PIM 
93/2718 37.264 
917 2.738 
1917716 6788.981 0110 
416/2016 Mae 
10121%370 
1/17117 It/4.541mM 
91/2018 57.976 
11/1 4,000 
2016 return 466% 
7/13/3019 435 
Hedge Funds - STC 
Initial Inv 2Ornm 931/16 
Honeycomb 
42,519.314 
50,987,026 
1.10% 
12.90% added 15mR 927116 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
42,519,314 
50,987,026 
added Ifnm 9/20/15 
2014M 044%(6 m15) 
Total Hedge Funds 
100,411,249 109,368,930 
2017 Mum 21.0% 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
Grat 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
marked to SO in Sep 2018 
Kyara IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount less 30k distribution 4/20/18) 
970,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment (grat) 
1,000,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,000 
sic 
Seaford Avenue Capital - PB Investment - Auto Debt (total coon 2.6mm) 
916,687 
Adfin Solutions (investment amoun ) 
I 
875,000 
butterfly trust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston, W I 
3,000,000 
Coinbase via Grat (50% sold for $15mm Feb 2018? 
sit 
1,500,500 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Valar Global Fund II (amount funded vs 15mm committment) 
14,250,000 cumulative MR Oyu 1241.2015 
23.20% 
value as of 6.30-2018 21,000,470 
cumulathe IRR thm 1241.2011 
1132% 
Valar Global Fund III (amount funded vs 25mm committment) 
21,000,000 cumulative IRR mm 1241.2010 
07.31% 
value as of 6-30 2018 33,345,270 
cumulative IRR Rim 12414017 
52.02% 
Totals 
1,000,000 
3,000,000 
40,261,687 
1,500,500 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
52,242,187 
EFTA00811902
--- PAGE 7 ---
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
1,000.000 
1,000,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
2,900.000 
2,900,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
piano i i c, 
2008 G550 
14,000,000 
14,000,000 
Automobiles 
250,000 
250,000 
Boats 
200.000 
200,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
1,000,000 
2,900,000 
14,450,000 18,350,000 
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
JEGE Inc. 
FIRE 
Totals 
. 
Loans Receivable 
liXdarow 100k yethe SS 15CK) 
150.000 
150,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Nick Ribis 
150,000 
150,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
David Mitchell 
328,700 
1,160,000 
1,488,700 
Osboume Lane Capital (Paul B) 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
323,262 
lin 
20,000 
303,262 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
6,750,000 
6,750.000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
2,500,000 
2,500.000 
Bella Klein 
100,000 
100.000 
Lesley 
300,000 
300.000 
David Rodgers 
50,000 
50,000 
Louella Home 
133,000 
133.000 
Darren Indyke 
475,000 
475,000 
Richard Kahn 
475,000 
475,000 
LV Home & Other 
1,457,000 
1.457,000 
650,064 
650,064 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,878,210 
9,700,000 
950,000 2,596,262 16,124,472 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
Cello 
175.000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
i_ 
500,000 
500,000 
32.73 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamond- Joanne.) value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
Fine Arts Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques &Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 
3,050,000 
9,900,000 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
(30,500,000) 
(30,500,000) 
EFTA00811903

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811904.pdf
----------------------------------------
DUBIN BREAST CENTER 
ANNUAL BENEFIT 
MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2018 • ZIEGFELD BALLROOM, NEW YORK CITY 
HONORING PRISCILLA ALEXANDER • MEREDITH SHEPHERD • MELISSA SPOHLER 
PHYSICIAN HONOREE AMY TIERSTEN, MD 
BENEFIT CO-CHAIRS 
Gabrielle and Louis Bacon 
Michele and Timothy Barakett 
Lisa and Jeff Blau 
Laura and James DeMare 
Dr. Ronald and Beth Dozoretz 
Dr. Eva Andersson•Dubin 
and Glenn Dubin 
Julie Anne Quay 
and Matthew J. Edmonds 
Sonia and Paul Tudor Jones II 
Jane and Daniel Och 
Veronique and Bob Pittman 
Elisa Port, MD 
and Jeffrey Port, MD 
Daryl and Steven Roth 
Perri Pelu and Eric Ruttonborg 
Beth and David Shaw 
Iris and Michael Smith 
Lynn and Stephan Solomon 
Katherine Farley 
and Jerry Speyer 
Nina and Gary Wexler 
Natasha Ziff 
BENEFIT COMMITTEE 
Karen and Todd Builione 
Pilar and Gary Douglas 
Natalia Nastaskin 
and Robert Gershon 
Ashley and Rusty Holzer 
Ann Tenenbaum 
and Thomas H. Lee 
Christine and Richard Mack 
°melte and Robert Morrow 
Trish and Mike Paliotta 
Liu as of September 12.2018 
September 27, 2018 
Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 10021-4102 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Family is not an important thing. It's everything. 
Please join the Dubin Breast Center family at our annual benefit being held on Monday, 
December 10 at the Ziegfeld Ballroom in New York City. This year, we will be celebrating the strong 
bond between mothers and daughters and its impact on the breast cancer journey. 
To that end, we are honored to recognize mother and daughter trio: Melissa Spohler, Meredith 
Shepherd and Priscilla Alexander, each of whom has been touched by breast cancer. They are strong 
advocates for the Dubin Breast Center — Melissa serves on the Dubin Breast Center Advisory Board —
and are passionate supporters of breast health and care. It is a privilege to honor these women and 
to share their story. 
Additionally, we are thrilled to honor Dr. Amy Tiersten— a renowned medical oncologist specializing 
in the treatment of breast cancer. Dr. Tiersten has served as principal investigator for many regional 
and national clinical trials and has published extensively in the areas of breast and ovarian cancer in a 
plethora of prestigious medical journals. We are delighted to honor such an esteemed and well-
loved colleague whose impressive work impacts the lives of so many. 
The Dubin Breast Center of the Tisch Cancer Institute at Mount Sinai is committed to providing our 
patients with the absolute highest level of breast cancer prevention, screening, treatment, and 
survivorship. The Center offers a full range of leading-edge breast health services, including 
diagnostics, surgery, medical and radiation oncology and post-treatment support. Our extraordinary 
team of breast cancer experts and compassionate staff provides the most advanced treatment 
techniques as well as emerging therapies via clinical trial enrollments, all housed within a serene, 
state-of-the-are facility designed to ensure the best possible experience for our patients. 
A hallmark of the Dubin Breast Center is our commitment to care for patients from every New York 
City neighborhood and beyond ensuring each patient receives optimal care, regardless of their ability 
to pay. Our annual Gala is central to making that promise possible. We simply could not do this 
without your support. 
Invitations with further details will be mailed shortly. To secure your table and tickets early, we have 
enclosed a response form for your convenience. 
Thank you in advance for your generosity and we look forward to seeing you on December 10th. 
Sincerely, 
2018 Dubin Breast Center Benefit Co-Chairs 
Mount 
Sinai 
Dubin Breast Center 
nwirechCanceinskitte 
Benefit Office: 162 West 56th Street, Suite 405, New York, NY 10019 212-245-6570 
EFTA00811904
--- PAGE 2 ---
DUBIN BREAST CENTER 
ANNUAL BENEFIT 
MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2018 
ZIEGFELD BALLROOM, NEW YORK CITY 
PLEASE ADD MY NAME AS A CO-CHAIR AND RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: 
O 
ONE PLACE TABLE(S) AT $100,000 (10 tickets) 
Priority seating, special recognition during the evening, listing in the printed program, and listing on 
Dubin Breast Center Annual and Permanent Donor Walls. 
O 
ONE MISSION TABLE(S) AT $50,000 (10 tickets) 
Premium seating, special recognition during the evening, listing in the printed program, and listing on 
Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall. 
O 
ONE TEAM TABLE(S) AT $25,000 (10 tickets) 
Prime seating, listing in the printed program, and listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall. 
PLEASE ADD MY NAME TO THE BENEFIT COMMITTEE AND RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: 
O ONE PURPOSE TABLE(S) AT $15,000 (10 tickets) (limited availability) 
Listing in the printed program and listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall. 
PLEASE RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: 
O 
ONE ROOF SINGLE TICKET(S) AT $2,500 EACH 
Seating for dinner and listing in the printed program. 
O 
ONE INDIVIDUAL SINGLE TICKET(S) AT $1,500 EACH 
Seating for dinner and listing in the printed program. 
O I am unable to attend but wish to make a contribution of S 
TO PURCHASE TICKETS OR TO MAKE A GIFT ONLINE, please visit giving.mountsinai.org/dubingala 
(Please list name and/or company above as you wish it to appear in print) 
NAME 
COMPANY 
ADDRESS 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
E-MAIL 
PHONE 
FAX 
I WISH TO CHARGE THIS GIFT TO: 
[ 
AMEX 
[ ) MASTERCARD 
[ 
VISA 
) PERSONAL CREDIT CARD 
[ 3 CORPORATE CREDIT CARD 
NAME ON ACCOUNT 
CREDIT CARD NUMBER 
EXP DATE 
SIGNATURE 
Please make checks payable to the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai (Tax ID# 13-6171197) and return to 
Event Associates, Inc., 162 West 56th Street, Suite 405, New York, NY 10019. Contributions are tax•deductible 
to the extent provided by law. Each table is tax-deductible less $2,750 and each ticket is tax-deductible less $275. 
Gifts from donor advised kinds, foundations, and charitable trusts may not be used for purchases 
that provide tangible benefits to any individual. Tax receipts will be mailed after the conclusion of the event. 
For further information, please contact Debbr  FmilvIdina• 
212.,AC.AG711  ext. 20 or ext. 23, 
Fax: 212.581.8717, 
To learn more about the Dubin Breast Center please visit our website at www.dubinbreastcentecorg or call 212-659-8500. 
If you wish to have your name removed from our distribution list of fundraising materials, please contact us 
\‘
4%. 
by telephone 212-659-8500 or email your name and address to PhilanthropyOptOutemountsinai.org. 
Mount Dubin Breast Center 
steal 
Of Tiro TOChCa•Connitikit 
EFTA00811905

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811906.pdf
----------------------------------------
Item # 
Description 
Insured Value 
Watch Yeager LeCoultre Chronograph Reveil 633 18kt 
$ 
39,173 
Man's Patek Philippe Watch 
$ 
16,620 
Patek Philippe Watch 
$ 
15,670 
Man's Patek Philippe 150th Anniversary Watch 
$ 
43,528 
Man's Breitling Chronograph Watch 
$ 
26,115 
Pair Hematite Cuff Links 
$ 
26,115 
Pair Asprey Cuff Links 
$ 
26,115 
Man's Patek Philippe Watch. Silvertone Dial & 3 Subdials - #9 & #3 with moon face on #6 
$ 
75,182 
Man's 18kt Y/G Franck Mueller Watch, Ref #6850MCL 
$ 
33,396 
Ladies 32.73ct Emerald Cut Diamond Ring with baguette diamonds on the side 
$ 
5.953,500 
Franck Mueller, "Master of Complication" Watch with leather strap & diamonds around face #285FCD 
$ 
39,256 
FP Joume Watch. Ser # 44-9901 T 
$ 
72,967 
FG Joume Watch, Ser # 44-9901 R 
$ 
72,967 
Impressive Pair of Ladies Diamond Ear Pendants 
$ 
61,096 
Richard Mille Watch, Ref # RM003AEPG/74 
$ 
436,056 
Loose Diamond - 2.63 carats 
$ 
126.788 
Loose Diamond - 2.28 carats 
$ 
105,289 
Loose Diamond - 2.13 carats 
$ 
96.469 
Loose Diamond - 2.03 carats 
$ 
90,957 
Total 
$ 
7,357,259 
EFTA00811906
--- PAGE 2 ---
Item # 
Description 
Location 
Insured Value 
Liechtenstein Desk 
New York 
286.166 
One Pair of Mythological Terracota Figures 
One in NY & One at LSJ 
98.245 
Old Mahl Carpet - 28' x 38' 
New York 
$ 
138,000 
Pair of Italian Baroque Ormolu-Mounted Cabinets 
New York 
$ 
92.900 
Gift Bronze & Cut Crystal. 10 light 
New York 
$ 
173.741 
Trish Torkidsen (andre charles boulle)- Desk 
New York 
$ 
600,000 
Louis XIV Armchair - late 17th century 
New York 
$ 
88,704 
Dining Room Chairs (12) in Leopoard Print 
New York 
$ 
224,423 
Steinway Piano - "IT Ebony 
New York 
$ 
77,831 
Tapestries (2) - Etude de Maitre 
Kohn 
New York 
$ 
135,177 
"The Penitent Magdalen" Painting by Mateo Cerezo 
New York 
$ 
50,353 
Painting - Fleur de Lys 
New York 
$ 
194.145 
Teak Antique chest of drawers (pair) 
65th Street 
$ 
58.883 
Four Poster Bed - Mahogany bed with canopy 
65th Street 
$ 
60.662 
Five (5) Rugs by Dona / Zrbi 
Zorro 
S 
51,901 
2x Gun Cabinets - Sad E-M-H 
Zorro 
S 
57.529 
Chandelier by Georges Coudiet 
Zorro 
$ 
63.123 
17th Century painted wood panel collection 
Zorro 
$ 
115,000 
Dupagne Bronze Sculpture 
LSJ 
$ 
80.000 
Wooden Chest with cream doors 
Paris 
$ 
69.533 
Circular Console covered in red leather 
Paris 
$ 
83,239 
Twelve (12) Dining Armchairs - Style et Confort 
Paris 
67,864 
Pair of white continental urns - Lux Properties 
Paris 
$ 
56,644 
French Harlequin & Base 
Paris 
$ 
14,151 
TV Hi Fi Video 
Paris 
S 
50,778 
Total 
$ 
3.048.992 
Item # 
Musical Instruments Description 
Location 
Insured Value 
Piano 
$ 
100,000 
EFTA00811907

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811908.pdf
----------------------------------------
CELEBRATING 
YEARS OP 
EXCELLENCE 
11V1 
111/IM. 
Pellermance. Intep-itv. Reputation.
LARGE CABIN GULFSTREANI MARKET UPDATE 
THIRD QUARTER 2018 
GULFSTREAM NEWS 
Gulfstream Aerospace delivered the very much anticipated first all-new G500 to one of its North American customers this past 
September, nearly four years after being announced back in October 2014. 
Expectations are for a total of five G500 aircraft to be delivered by the end of this year. escalating to 32 aircraft by year end of 
2019. Analysts at Jefferies reckon the O500 aircraft sales will be at about S1.4 billion in 2019, which is approximately 15% of the 
total Gulfstream revenues. 
It has been reported recently that General Dynamics will now operate the line at Nordam's Tulsa, Oklahoma facility. 
The approved transfer occurred on September 26th. when a federal bankruptcy judge awarded a clear path for this acquisition in 
favor of General Dynamics. The Gulfstream maker acquired the Nordam Group's nacelle manufacturing line for the G500 and 
G600 aircraft, bringing an end to previous delays and eliminating any uncertainty. Certification for the all-new G600 is making 
steady progress and is anticipated for later this year and expected to initiate customer deliveries in 2019. 
Overall inventory levels of pre-owned aircraft for sale have continued to decline with only 5.8% of the total fieet available in Q3. 
Average asking prices in August 2018 have slightly increased when compared year over year. which is predominantly due to the 
limited supply of aircraft available for sale. However. this is significant because pre-owned jet prices have been on a downward 
sprat nearly every month since third quarter of 2015 
I 
AVPRO. INC 
410.573.1515 
900 Bestgate Road. Suite 412 
Fax: 410 573 1919 
Annapolis. Maryland 21.401 
(imit onfo@avotoletscom 
EFTA00811908
--- PAGE 2 ---
Large Calm GuItsteam Market Update 
Page 2 
Oct-17 Nov-17 Dec-17 
Jan-18 
Feb-18 Mar-18 Apr-18 May-18 Jun-18 
Jul-18 
Aug-18 Sep-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
itimAircraft Sold 
♦Avg Asking Price 
G650/G650ER MARKET 
• 
There are 13 G650s on the market, including four that are under contract. This represents 4% of the in-service fleet which has 
remained unchanged the past four quarters. 
• 
Current asking prices range from $44.95M for a 2012 ER model with 2,500 hours to $66.95M for a 2017 ER model with 500 
hours. 
• 
Year-to-date there have been 14 G650/ER transactions with foreign buyers dose to outweighing domestic U.S. buyers for the 
first time. Despite poor representation in pm-owned sales, it's worth noting that 29% of new G650 deliveries this year have 
gone to Chinese end users. This continues to solidify China as the second largest G650 base with 17% of the in-service fleet. 
• 
Buyers' preference has begun to shift from like-new G650s to two to four year old aircraft for less than $55M. Preference in 
layout has remained unchanged, as 77% of G650/ERs sold year-to-date have been configured with a forward galley and crew 
rest. 
• 
Despite supply remaining steady, 127% market turnover year-to-date and less than 5% of the fleet available paint a dear 
picture of a very healthy market. 
$58.000 z 
556.000 
$54.000 
552.000 
$50.003 
G550 MARKET 
• 
There are currently 27 G550s on the market, including six that are under contract. This represents 5% of the in-service fleet, 
unchanged since last quarter. 
• 
Current asking prices range from $21M for a 2005 model with 5,500 hours to $37M for a 2015 model with 800 hours. 
• 
During Q3 there have been a total of 16 transactions. 
• 
The G550 market continues to be one of the hottest markets with 37 aircraft trading this year, equating to an over 168% market 
turnover year-to-date. This is impressive because the number of aircraft available for sale in January 2018 was half what it was 
in January 2017. That means the same number of aircraft sold in the first three quarters of both years, while only half as many 
G550s were available in 2018. 
• 
Over 43% of SI G550 transactions this year have occurred off-market which shows that buyers are ready to make an informed 
and quick decision when presented with an opportunity. 
• 
U.S. principals continue to dominate the pre-owned buyer profile for a G550. This quarter alone, 94% of transacted G550s 
were sold to U.S. buyers. Preference continues to be for forward galley U.S. based and operated aircraft, but for the first time 
ever, more forward galley 4 seating zone G550s (no crew rest) sold than their traditional forward galley 3 seating zone (crew 
rest) counterparts. 
Oct-17 Nov-17 Dec-17 Jan-18 Feb-18 Mar-18 Apr-18 May-18 Jun-18 Jul-18 Aug-18 Sep-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
♦Avg Asking Price 
530.000 
528.000 3. 
526.000 
524.000 
522.000 
EFTA00811909
--- PAGE 3 ---
Lame Cabin GoIfstream Market Update 
Page 3 
GV MARKET 
• 
There are 12 GVs on the market, including three that are under contract. This represents 6% of the in-service fleet available. 
• Current asking prices range from $5.995M for a 1997 model with approximately 18,000 hours to $12.45M for a 2002 model 
with just over 5,500 hours. 
• 
Activity has slowed down in Q3, with only two GV transactions. Selling prices have ranged from $9.5M to $11.51. 
• Supply has been cut in half since January 2018, when there were 22 aircraft available for sale. During the first half of 2018 
alone, 15 GVs sold. This increase in demand was mostly a result of a lack of options available on the low end of the 6550 
market. 
a 
m 
a 
111 
Oct-17 Nov-17 Dec-17 
Jan-18 
Feb-18 Mar-18 Apr-18 May-18 Jun-18 
Jul-18 
Aug-18 Sep-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
-Avg Asking Price 
511.000 , 
Slasco 
510.000 
$9.500 
59.000 
G450 MARKET 
• 
There are 24 G450s currently on the market, including 12 that are under contract. This represents 7% of the in-service fleet. 
• Current asking prices range from $9.5M for a 2005 model with slightly over 3,000 hours and no programs to $29M for a 2016 
model just under 650 hours. 
• In Q3, seven transactions were reported, unchanged compared to Q2/2018. All seven aircraft sold had 5,000 hours or less and 
were enrolled on an engine program. Sold prices varied from $10.3M to $17.5M. 
• Once again, supply is limited. The majority of buyers are expressing interest in the mid to top end of the market, on aircraft that 
could be acquired in the sub $16M range, with U.S. pedigree, on programs, and have less than 5,000 hours. 
S 
Oct-17 Nov-17 Dec-17 Jan-18 
Feb-18 Mar-18 Apr-18 May-18 Jun-18 
Jul-18 
Aug-18 Sep-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
-Avg Asking Price 
516.500 
516.000 2 
515.500 
515.0O3 
514.50O 
514.000 
513.500 
513.000 
Avpro has completed over 300 Gulfstream transactions. 
Including 16 Gulfstream transactions in 2018.E 
I 
AVPRO, INC. 
10 .57 3 .15 15 
%X Seagate Road. Suite 412 
Fag: 410.573.1919 
Annapolis. Maryland 21401 
E-mail: 
ILI 
EFTA00811910
--- PAGE 4 ---
Large Cabin Gulfstream Market Update 
Page 4 
GIVSP/G400 MARKET 
• 
There are 33 GIV-SPs currently on the market, including six aircraft under contract. This represents 10% of the in-service fleet, 
which is a 2% increase since Q2. 
• 
Current asking prices range from $1.895M for a 1992 model with nearly 10,000 hours to $5.5M for a 2004 model G400 with 
approximately 11,800 hours. 
• 
In Q3, there have been seven transactions, five less than in 02. Selling prices have ranged from $2.95M to $6.25M. 
• 
The discussion with nearly every buyer comes down to 'what else does it need". Simply stated, the purchase of the aircraft is 
just the beginning considering the required avionics upgrades as well as the paint and interior refurbishment - not to mention the 
scheduled maintenance that needs to be closely watched. 
o 
54.800 
$4.700 
54,4:60.00i 
$4.400 
54.3
stuoo 
& 
s
;0 
- 
-,I) 
_ 
rags 
- I= 
la 
■ 
,
III III 
ia.,- ri 
a VI fil 
Nov-17 
Dec-17 
=Aircraft 
B
e 
Jan-18 
Feb-18 
for Sale 
II 
Mar-18 
=Aircraft 
ll 
Apr-18 
Sold 
May-18 
-0-Avg 
Jul-18 
Price 
m
54.2o0 
Sep-18 
I 
I 
Oct-17 
Jun-18 
Asking 
Aug-18 
AVPRO, INC. "WHO WE ARE" 
Avpro is one of the largest international aircraft brokerage and acquisition firms in the world. With our extensive aviation sales 
experience, we are able to consistently achieve annual gross sales in excess of $1 billion. By leveraging over 26 years of experience 
and cultivating strong relationships throughout the industry, we are able to capitalize on trends as they emerge. With a professional 
team of specialists in research, marketing, contract negotiations, and closings, we are able to give each client the confidence needed to 
navigate the complexities of each transaction. 
AVPRO'S GULFSTREAM TEAM 
KEVIN WHITE is the Avpro Gulfstream Market Specialist. Kevin brings to Avpro a unique and in-depth knowledge of not 
i il
itiii 
only real time market condition expertise, but also operational, technical and economic aspects of private jet ownership. 
i 
After joining the industry in 2001, he quickly excelled in many facets such as aircraft sales, operation, management. 
' 
. 
Kevin is also an ATP pilot with a type rating in the Hawker 800/800XP. 
acquisitions as well as the operational, technical and economic aspects of aircraft ownership. Valerie began her career as 
an international researcher for AMSTAT, subsequently moving into a Sales support role for Regourd Aviation then 
II
VALERIE PEREIRA is the Avpro Gulfstream Market Analyst. Valerie offers a unique and in-depth knowledge of sales and 
Executive Sales Director for the Bell Helicopter market at Heli-Asset. Valerie is fluent in English, Portuguese, Spanish, 
French & Italian. 
KEVIN WHITE 
VALERIE PEREIRA 
GULFSTREAM SPECIALIST 
GULFSTREALI ANALYST 
KWHITE@AVPROJETS.COM 
VPEREIRA@AVPROJETS.COM 
rtv.bef of 
IVA 
M
.: BA\ 
e- . NBRR 
j IADA 
14.. 
, 
carom 
VVVVW. 
AVPRO, INC. 
900 Bestgate Road, Suite 412 
Annapolis, Maryland 21401 
I 410.573.1515 
Fax: 410.573.1919 
Si 
E-mail: 
EFTA00811911

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811912.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
10/31/2018 
EFTA00811912
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - OCTOBER 31, 2018 
9/30/18 
10/31/18 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
84,251,574 
67,625,019 
(16,626,555) 
Fixed Income 
64,959,055 
59,581,658 
(5,377,397) 
Equities 
144,578,820 
142,554,263 
(2,024,557) 
Hedge Funds 
109,393,453 
104,886,131 
(4,507,322) 
Investments 
52,242,187 
52,625,224 
383,037 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
18,350,000 
18,350,000 
Loans Receivable 
16,039,472 
16,119,472 
80,000 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
9,900,000 
9,900,000 
Loan Payable - BJAV 
500 000 
500 000 
000 000 
Total Assets 
469,214,561 
451,141,767 -18,072,794 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
Haze-Sold 2mm JBS Investments 7.75% October 28 2020 
2,038,760 
SFL LLC DB -JPM Partial Bond Redemption (1.4mm of 5mm) 
1,400,000 
King Street Distribution 
875,489 
Haze DB -JPM Partial Bond Redemption (840k of 3mm) 
840,000 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions 
356,764 
Gratitude MS - Sold 10,000 JPM.D R25.04 
249,991 
Plan D LLC - DU Flat Panel return of money 
72,000 
Florida homeowners insurance premium (50%) 
(50,819) 
Zorro - Bikes & Accessories 
(52,235) 
Gratitude - 50,000 Euro 
(57,897) 
Great Saint Jim real estate taxes 
(66,639) 
LSJ -Gemini Water Systems (new pumps) 
(67,779) 
LSJ - Warren Power - (2) 175kw Generators 
(76,715) 
Loans -David Mitchell Loans (65+70+80 less 135k repayment) 
(80,000) 
Zorro - Paving Additional Deposit 
(124,854) 
Miscellaneous 
(375,000) 
Seaford Avenue Capital - Draw 5 
(383,037) 
STC ML - Bought 10,000 XOM @ 81.40 
(813,881) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,550,000) 
SFL LLC DB - Bought 40,000 AAPL @ 218.9774 
(8,760,702) 
Haze to Plan D LLC to BV7OLLC 
(10,000,000)
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
(16,626,555) 
I 1 
EFTA00811913
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
Intotactho 
TO 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Merrill 
Stanley 
BroWs 
Amerind, 
Totals 
Cash 
Haze Trust 
17.717.510 
17,717,510 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
3,253,769 
1,024,430 
299,452 
3,063,446 
5,947,630 
13,588,928 
The 2017 Catepillar Trust 
13,568,129 
13,588,129 
Southern Financial LLC 
6,795,480 
100,566 
298.405 
7,194,472 
JEE 
4,453,093 
182,445 
7,027 
4,642,565 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
2,281,632 
156,405 
1,501.316 
3,939,353 
Jeepers Inc. 
1,541,548 
7,009 
1,548,557 
LSJE LLC 
385.271 
536.095 
240.324 
1,161,690 
Plan D LLC 
790,453 
790,453 
Butterfly Trust 
706,342 
706,342 
FT Real Estate 
375,970 
375,970 
Southern Country International LTD 
361.849 
361,849 
NES LLC 
I 
308,055 
306,055 
Zono Management LLC 
I 
293,081 
293,081 
Neptune LLC 
I 
283,740 
283,740 
JEGE LLC 
I 
239,918 
239,918 
Laurel Inc. 
I 
216.829 
216.829 
JEE - Pads (US 5) 
I 
190.420 
190,420 
Hyperion Air LLC 
I 
147.204 
147.204 
Thomas World Air LLC 
I 
78,103 
78,103 
Enhanced Education 
I 
12,229 
46.016 
58,245 
Nautilus Inc. 
I 
53.837 
53.837 
Maple Inc. 
I 
30.484 
30,484 
Cypress Inc. 
I 
27.465 
27.465 
JEGE Inc. 
I 
26.796 
26,796 
Mlchelles Transportation Co LLC I 
24.733 
24,733 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
I 
22,512 
22,512 
Great St Jim LW 
I 
19,445 
19,445 
LSJ LLC 
I 
5,150 
5,150 
Mort Inc 
I 
4,553 
4,553 
FSF LW 
I 
337 
337 
The JEE Life Ins Trust #3 
I 
206 
206 
IGO Company LLC 
I 
Total Cash 
52,807,009 
3,169,204 
496,899 
240,324 
3,063,446 
1.501,316 6,048,416 
298.405 67,625,019 
EFTA00811914
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase Quantity 
9/30/18 
10/31/18 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Symbo 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
FIXED INCOME 
Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
Citbank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
213/14 
79,000 
1,999,419 
2,192,250 
2,159,070 
159,651 
JBS Investments 7.75% October 28 2020 
5/18/18 2,000,000 
- 
2,106,224 
- 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 2,160,000 
2,395,200 
3,042,861 
2,171,926 
-223,274 
JP Morgan Floating Rate Income fund 
01/22/13 
253,726 
2,532.828 
2.373.702 
2.369.803 
-163.025 
Total Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
6,927,447 
9,715,037 
6,700,799 
-226,648 
Jeepers • Fixed Income (DB) 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
02/13/13 
190,068 
1.894.393 
1.778.156 
1,775.235 
-119.158 
Total Jeepers • Fixed Income (DB) 
1,894,393 
1,778,156 
1,775,235 
-119,158 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
GM Financial 6.5% fixed to 9/30/18 Floats thereafter 
9/24/18 
250,000 
250,000 
245,583 
236,670 
-13,330 
JP Morgan Preferrred 5.75% 
JPM.D 
9/19/18 
10,000 
253,100 
Frontier Communications 7.125% Matures 3/15/2019 
10/02/17 1,000,000 
997.322 
009 269 
011 604 
14.282 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
1,247,322 
1,507,952 
1,248,274 
952 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
Buckeye Partnixs Fixed to Float 6.375% Callable 1/22/23 
1/25/18 1,000,000 
1,018,741 
961,142 
933.111 
-85 630 
Total Southern Trust Co. • Fixed Income (DB) 
1,018,741 
961,142 
933,111 
-85,630 
Southern Trust Co. • Fixed Income (Merrill) 
Bank of America 5.88% Pfd 12-31-2049 
03/08/18 1,000,000 
1,000,000 
990,111 
977,507 
-22,493 
LSC Commutations Inc. 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 2,650,000 
2,773,650 
779 420 
852 431 
781 
Total Southern Trust Co. • Fixed Income (Merrill) 
3,773,650 
3,769,531 
3,829,937 
56,287 
Southern Trust Co. • Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers) 
Capaal One 5.55% Fixed to 9-1-2020 then 380 over 3 mo kior 
5/14/15 3,000,000 
3,009,819 
3,076,890 
3,039,900 
30,082 
Chaves Schwab 6.0% Pretend $25 par 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,027,200 
1.028.800 
28.800 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 3,000,000 
3,123,122 
3,101,250 
2,981,280 
-141,842 
Cabman Sachs 5.375% Fixed to 5-10-2020 then 392.2 over 3 me ibor 
6/4/15 5,000,000 
5,034,346 
5,112,000 
5.062,500 
28,154 
NGL Energy Partners 9%525 par 
6/6/17 
40,000 
1,000,000 
986,000 
916,000 
-84.000 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (Interactive Brokers) 
167 287 
303 340 
028 480 
-138,807 
Southern Financial LW - Fixed Income (DB) 
Assurant Fixed to Float 7% March 2048 
3/29/18 
2,000,000 
2,039,762 
2,031,167 
2,013.222 
-26,540 
Citigroup Inc • Series 0 5.95% 
8/6/15 
3,000,000 
3,000,006 
3,110,963 
3,086,433 
86,427 
Citizens Communications 7.125% Mar 15 2019 
10/3/17 
1,000,000 
1,000,274 
1,009,269 
1,011,604 
11,330 
COFP 4.407 8/2019 Euro Bond 
9/12/18 
2,500,000 
2,921,428 
2,875,046 
2,899,392 
-22.036 
Deutsche Bank AG 4.875% exp 12/1/2032 
6/1118 
1,000,000 
868,256 
904,665 
870,403 
2,147 
Deutsche Bank AG 4.296% exp 5/24/2028 
6/1/18 
1,000,000 
917,776 
937,026 
920.155 
2,379 
Exebinter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
10/24/17 
2,000,000 
1,940,506 
2,171,667 
2,138,289 
197,783 
Exebinter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
7/9/18 
1,000,000 
1.027,756 
1,085,833 
1.069,144 
41,388 
General Electric Co GTD Fixed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2085 
12/3/15 
2,469,000 
2,175,016 
2,250,905 
2,120,528 
-54,486 
GMAC Cap TR I GTO Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
1,882,774 
2,104,000 
2,100,800 
218,026 
JBS Investments 7.25% April 3 2024 
10/31/17 
2,000,000 
1,981,300 
2,106,312 
2.029,875 
48,575 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
1,100,000 
1,179,898 
2,535,718 
1,106,074 
-73,825 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2,669,524 
2,535,718 
2,513,803 
-155,721 
JPM Floating Rate Income fund 
9/28/17 
333,629 
3,139,057 
3,121,222 
3,116,095 
-22,982 
Lloyds Banking Group Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5/21/13 1,903,000 
1,948,500 
1,963,658 
1,933,131 
-15,369 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3,000,000 
2,996.137 
3180.729 
136,875 
140.738 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
31,687,970 
33,923,897 
32,065,822 
377,852 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
59,716,809 
64,959,055 59,581,658 
-135,151 
EQUITIES 
Southern Financial LW - Equities (DB) 
Amazon 
AMZN 
4/2/18 
1,000 
1,395,441 
2.003.000 
1,598,010 
202.569 
Alibaba Group 
BABA 
6(10/15 
5,000 
444,749 
823,800 
711,400 
266,651 
Apple Inc 
AAPL 
12/7/17 
314,000 
53,321,627 
70,882,360 
68,722,040 
15,400,413 
Apple Inc 
AAPL 
6/20/18 
50,000 
9,339.691 
11.287.000 
10.943.000 
1.603.309 
Apple Inc 
AAPL 
10/15/18 
40,000 
8,760,702 
8,754,400 
-6,302 
Apolo Global Management 
APO 
3/31/11 
263,157 
4,999,983 
9,092,074 
7,741,079 
2,741.096 
Biogen Ides Inc 
Elle 
2/14/12 
2,095 
250,455 
740,184 
637.446 
386,991 
Centene Corp 
CNC 
9/8/14 
15,550 
986,497 
2,251,329 
2,026,476 
1,039,979 
General Electric (exercise of puts sold at 18) 
GE 
2/24/18 
25.000 
405.493 
282.250 
252.500 
-152,993 
Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc 
KPTI 
7/12/18 
25,000 
467.106 
425.750 
263.500 
-203.606 
Nintendo 
NTDOY 
2/5/18 
10,000 
517,906 
454,650 
391,300 
-126.606 
Ubisoft Entertainment 
U8SFF 
3/29/18 
11,200 
974,199 
215 177 
008 734 
535 
Total Southern Financial LLC- Equities (DB) 
81,863,849 
99,457,574 
103,049,885 
21,186,036 
EFTA00811915
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase Quantity 
9130/18 
10131/18 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Symbo 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (TO) 
General Electric 
GE 
mulitple 
125,000 
2.593.881 
1.411.250 
262 500 
-1.331.361 
Total Southern Financial LLC- Equities (TO) 
2,593,861 
1,411,250 
1.262,500 -1,331,361 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
KBW Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
11/16/17 
9,000 
503,167 
534,780 
485.910 
-17,257 
Carvana 
CVNA 
914/18 
125,000 
8,255.075 
7,386,250 
4.843,750 
-3,411,325 
Exxon Mobi 
XOM 
10/15/18 
10,000 
813,881 
- 
796,800 
-17,081 
Facebook 
FB 
7/26/18 
20,000 
3,559,596 
3,289,200 
3,035,800 
-523,796 
OIH Oil Services ETF 
OIH 
5/16/18 
17,000 
490,376 
428,230 
349,520 
-140,856 
Etats semi 50 Index due 3innots stmling value 3538 (downside troth*, 715%) 
9/25/17 nil Oa 3555 
2,500,000 
2,462,650 
2,420,125 
-79,875 
Japan Banks Capped Nate Exp Feb 1 2019(75% barrier) 
1/25/18 
3,000,000 
2,972,100 
2,820,000 
-180,000 
Vonex Linked Note (selling SSP put spreads and buying VIX calls) 
318/18 
3,000,000 
3,081,756 
2,999,390 
-610 
5X7E Market Plus Note Exp 4/26/2019 (72% banker) 
10/24/17 
2.249.22, 
562 15() 
2.315.760 
-684.240 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
25,122,095 
22,717,116 20,067,055 -5,055,040 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
Broadcom 
AVGO 
4/17/18 
4,000 
1,002.093 
986,920 
893,960 
-108,133 
Broadcom 
AVGO 
5/17/18 
4,000 
1,000,000 
986,920 
893,960 
-106.040 
Goldman Sachs 
GS 
1/25/18 
1,850 
499,873 
414,844 
416,935 
-82,938 
General Dynamics 
GD 
2/7/18 
2,300 
501,381 
470,856 
396,934 
-104,447 
General Dynamics 
CD 
3/27/08 
3,450 
773,056 
706,284 
595,401 
-177,655 
General Dynamics 
GD 
5/7/08 
2,500 
491,250 
511,800 
431,450 
-59,800 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
217/18 
1,400 
489,300 
484,344 
411,390 
-77,910 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
3/201/18 
2,100 
707,676 
726,516 
617,085 
-90,591 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
5/7/18 
1,500 
472,500 
518,940 
440,775 
-31,725 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
2/7/18 
1,470 
493,920 
466,534 
385,067 
-108,854 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
3/28/18 
2,195 
760,159 
696,627 
574,980 
-185,179 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
5/7/18 
1,500 
475,800 
476,055 
392,925 
-82,875 
ON Oil Services ETF 
OIH 
5/17/08 
17,000 
504,839 
428230 
349,520 
-155,319 
Raytheon 
RTN 
2/7/18 
2,400 
498,840 
495,984 
420,096 
-78,744 
Raytheon 
RTN 
3/20/18 
3,600 
763,284 
743,976 
630,144 
-133,140 
Raytheon 
RTN 
5(7/18 
2,400 
491.880 
495,984 
420,096 
-71.784 
KBW Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
3/26/18 
20,000 
1.210.847 
1.188.400 
1.079.800 
-131.047 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
11,136,698 
10,799,214 
9,350,518 -1,786,180 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
General Electric 
GE 
10/23/17 
22,000 
491,068 
248,380 
222,200 
-268,868 
Microsoft 
MSFT 
9/6/18 
10,000 
1,113,704 
1,143,700 
1,068,100 
-45,604 
Century Link 
CTL 
9/6/18 
10,000 
212,233 
212,000 
206,400 
-5.833 
World Acceptance Group 
WRLD 
8/9/18 
10,000 
1,111,107 
143 600 
014 900 
-96,207 
Total Gratitude America, LTD • Equines (Morgan Stanley) 
2,928,112 2,747,680 2,511,600 -416,512 
Haze Trust - Equities (DB) 
Carvana 
CVNA 
6/21/18 
25,000 
1,086,102 
1,477,250 
968,750 
-117,352 
Google 
GOOG 
2/2/18 
2,000 
2,222,173 
2,386,940 
2,153,540 
-88.633 
Gooale 
GOOG 
12/5/17 
1,000 
1,014.015 
1,193,470 
1,076,770 
62,755 
United Technologies 
UTX 
6/21/18 
15,000 
1.882.944 
2.097.150 
1,863.150 
-19.794 
Haze Trust • Total Equities (DB) 
6,205,234 7,154,810 6,062,210 -143,024 
J Epstein Vi Foundation - Equities (DB) 
Bristol Myers Squbb 
8MY 
10/30/15 
3,400 
227,604 
211,072 
171.836 
-55,768 
Disney 
DIS 
10/30/15 
685 
78.100 
80.104 
78.659 
559 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
305,704 
291,176 
250,495 
-55,209 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
130,155,552 
144,578,820 
142,554,263 12,398,710 
EFTA00811916
--- PAGE 6 ---
9130/18 
10/31/18 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financia (SFLLC) 
huh  Wren • >Wren 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
47,323,065 
46,725,145 
-1.29% 
7.08% withdmv 10mm 1/10/17 
Boothbay Enhanced Fund 
001 118 
851 503 
-1.90% 
4.66% En h Fee 1 2018 at 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
55,324,183 
54,576,648 
2016 return 177% 
2017 ttum 15.6% 
Hedge Funds -Haze 
no Wm( Wu 10'25 
701) Minn' al mad 
2037 tolum 07caolizi 201.917 reE44106664 tatd 
King Street - Illiquid Special Investment 
3,102,745 
2,248,050 
zunon stsea 
415 2937103 
427/16 5.967.954 paid 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
3,102,745 
2,248,050 
3/W201$ 12,077 
8/16113,664 
7/27/16 6.102.024 paid 
02016 37,263 
0/13 2.73$ 
10/27/16 6.1116.941 paid 
6/7/2018 67,976 
4,18/2016 374,250 
10/1218,370 
427/17 3,994644 paid 
7/1E/2013 435 
11/9 4060 
3316 return 468% 
101161201$ 675489 
Hedge Funds - STC 
in1114 Inv 20rnrri 5/31/16 
Honeycomb 
50$66,525. 
48061.43a 
-5.70% 
6.50% added Orme 6/27/111 
Total Hedge Funds -Sit 
50,966,525 
48,061,433 
aided Own 9128/18 
2016nt 0.44%(6 mos) 
Total Hedge Funds 
109,393,453 104,886,131 
2017 Ileum 21.0% 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
Grat 
FT 
Asset Description 
I 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
marked to $0 in Sep 2018 
Kyara IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount less 30k distribution 4/20/18) 
970,000 
Prytanee LLC (art partnership) 
I 
1,000,000 
Jawbone Investment (prat) 
1.000,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,000 
sit 
Seaford Avenue Capital - P8 Investment - Auto Debt (total coon 2.6mm) 
1,299,724 
Adfin Solutions (investment amoun ) 
I 
875,000 
butterflytrust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston, NJ I 
3,000,000 
Coinbase via Grat (50% sold for $15mm Feb 2018? 
STC 
1,500,500 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Valar Global Fund II (amount funded vs 15mrn committment) 
14,250,000 
value as of 9-30-2018 21,166,482 
cumuloUve IRR Ulna 0.3o-2ens 
33.3% 
Velar Global Fund III (amount funded vs 25mm committmeM) 
21,000,000 
value as of 9-30 2018 33,165,591 
cumulative IRR thrte 9434018 
54.2% 
Totals 
1,000,000 
3,000,000 
40,644,724 
1,500,500 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
52,625,224 
EFTA00811917
--- PAGE 7 ---
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
2,900,000 
2,900,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
PlanDltr, 
2008 G550 
14,000,000 
14,000,000 
Automobiles 
250,000 
250,000 
Boats 
200,000 
200,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
1,000,000 
2,900,000 
14,450,000 18,350,000 
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
JEGE Inc. 
FTRE 
Totals 
Loans Receivable 
(bra stow WM yet its said 191K) 
150,000 
150,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Nick Ribis 
150,000 
150,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
David Mitchell 
323,700 
1,160,000 
1,483,700 
Osboume Lane Capital (Paul B) 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
20,000 
303,262 
323,262 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
6,750,000 
6,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
500 000 
2,500,000 
Bella Klein 
100,000 
100,000 
Lesley 
300,000 
300,000 
David Rodgers 
50,000 
50.000 
Louella Home _ 
133,000 
133,000 
475,000 
Darren Indyke 
475,000 
Richard Kahn 
475,000 
475,000 
LV Home & Other 
1,457,000 
1.457,000 
650,064 
650,064 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,873,210 
9,700,000 
950,000 2,596,262 16,119,472 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
32.73 Carot Emerald Cul Diamond - insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
_ 
775,000 
Fine Arts Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Total Rne Arts, Antiques 8 Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 
3,050,000 
9,900,000 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
(20,500,000) 
(20,500,000) 
EFTA00811918

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811919.pdf
----------------------------------------
Miami ±ierala 
3511 NW 91•Avcnuc, Miami, it 33172 I ihr.wlvii 
October 30, 2018 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 10021 
Personal & Confidential 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
I have attempted several times to reach you in person and through your lawyer, Jack Goldberger. 
I am sending this letter to your homes in Palm Beach and Manhattan to give you an opportunity 
to comment for a series of stories, as well as a documentary, we are producing about you. 
As part of this project, we have identified more than 60 women, and interviewed four, who 
allege they were molested by you when they were teenagers, under the age of consent in Florida. 
We have also reviewed thousands of court documents, witness testimony and discovery to put 
together this series, which primarily focuses on the failings of the criminal justice system as it 
relates to your case. 
I have also poured over hundreds of stories about you, some of which included interviews with 
you directly and others who know you. As you are aware, many of those stories -- as well as 
several lawsuits -- allege that you, Ghislaine Maxwell and others -- were involved in a much 
larger sex-trafficking operation. 
I am offering you the opportunity to discuss anything you like related to the allegations that have 
been made in the media against you over the past decade. An interview would help provide 
balance to my story. In lieu of speaking to you directly, I am willing to speak to anyone you 
designate, should it be a lawyer or someone else. 
This story is scheduled to run sometime in the next few weeks, so it is important that, if you want 
to contribute, that you respond in a timely manner. 
J i = K. Brown 
Iry stigative Reporter 
cc: Jack Goldberger, esquire 
Eheilliami Meta IT 
MiamiHerald.com 
Julie Brown 
investigative Reporter 
3511 NW 91 Ave., Miami, H. 33172 
305.376-3682 
3511 NW 91 Avenue, Miami, FL 33172 jbrown@Miamihcrald.com 
EFTA00811919
--- PAGE 2 ---
Miami Heralb 
CERTIFIED MAIL' 
el Nuevo Heral 
3511 NW 91, Avenue, Miami, FL 33172 
7018 1830 0000 9026 1785 
J e{frg 
/ 6(4
a 
C-71-
/Oetv 
/D0/ 
,002141:b203 
11).1414.11,S.PIPI'InHWIIII"11 11 
EFTA00811920

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811921.pdf
----------------------------------------
Service Estimate 
Metro Motors 
405 Estate Mines Retreat 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
340-775-4900 Fax: 340-775-2740 
Estimates good for 30 days 
LSJ.LLC 
Vehicle: 17 FORD F250 PICKU 
6100 RED HOOK STE B3 
VIN: 1FT7X2Et6XHEC08464 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
Control #: 11022 
Home: (340) 513-9972 
Other Phone. (340) 513.9972 
IN 
Opcode 
Description 
Hours 
Amount 
A 
99P 
MULTI-POINT INSPECTION 
0.00 
Labor 
$0.00 
Line Total 
$0.00 
B 
REBUILD DRIVERS SEAT WITH NEW TRACK COMPONENTS 
5.00 
Labor 
$50000 
Parts 
$80500 
Line Total 
$1.305.00 
C 
REPLACE MIRROR COVERS 
0.00 
Labor 
$0.00 
Parts 
$14000 
Line Total 
$140.00 
D 
REPLACE REAR GLASS(SUBLET TO BODY SHOP) 
0.00 
Labor 
$300.00 
Pans 
$930.00 
Line Total 
$1.230.00 
Estimate Total Summary 
Total Hours 
500 
Total Labor 
$800.00 
Total Pans 
$1,875.00 
Total Misc 
$0.00 
Shop Supply 
$40.00 
Grand Total 
$2.715.00 
X 
Page 1
- LAST PAGE 
10,15118 2:38 PM 
EFTA00811921

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811922.pdf
----------------------------------------
PSIS WWII 
American International Group, Inc. 
PO Box 25825 
Shawnee Mission. KS 66225 
Electronic Service Requested 
0.0118 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIII IIIIIIIII III IIIIIIIIIIII II I II III II I I I I
Jeffrey Epstein 
575 LEXINGTON AVE FL 4 
C/O RICH KAHN HBRK 
NEW YORK. NY 
10022-6146 
American International Group, Inc. 
A division of AIG 
JOIST IOFIO) 
Questions?? Please call us at 
888-760-9195 
Adjuster ID Number 10630 
Check Number 
RFP Numbe 
Check Date: 11/07/2018 
Claimant Name: Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Insured Name: Jeffrey E Epstein 
Claim Office: 346 
Producer: Insurance Office Central Ohio 
Insuring Company: AIG PROPERTY CASUALTY COMPANY 
Payee Name: Jeffrey Epstein 
Policy No. 
Claim No. 
Symbol 
Date of Loss 
Type 
Status 
Amount 
000021940015 
00610421 
PIM 
09/2012017 
MD 
FINAL 
542,659.00 
000021940015 I 
00610421 
PIM 
09/20/2017 
IND 
FINAL 
457,341.00 
otal Amount
T. 
. 
. 
Reason for Payment 
FINAL SETTLEMENT 
FOR SECURITY PURPOSES. THE FACE OF THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS 
MG Property Casualty Company 
Funded by National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. 
A BLUE BACKGROUND AND MICROPRINTING IN THE BORDER 
50-9,37/2I3 
Policy No.: 000021940015 
Claim No.: 00610421 
CHECK NO. 
60530004 
RFP NO. 
90647833 
tr) 
DATE 
II/072018 
a) Pay 
One Million Dollars*** 
%%WI \I I' \II) 
Vold Mir On Vas 
S1,000,000.00 
TO THE 
Jeffrey Epstein 
__
C.)
1/4--) ORDER OF 
JPAIORGAN CHASE BANK. N.A 
SYRACUSIbiRda3B6sn IF WATERMARK IS NOT PRESENT ON THE REVERSE SIDE OF THIS DOCUMENT- HOLD AT Agcu.-e TU agiGNATURE 
O6O53OOO4v I:0 2L309379i: 
78642O539O 
EFTA00811922

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811923.pdf
----------------------------------------
10:32 AM 
11/14/18 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Register QuickReport 
All Transactions 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Memo 
Account 
Clr 
Split 
Amount 
Link á Rockenbach, PA 
Check 
10/17/2017 
Epstein v. Rot.. 
10013 - DB JEE dg 35289691 
X 
60404 toga 
-100.000.00 
Check 
11/13/2017 
Epstein r Edw... 
10013. DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Lege 
-194.971.50 
Check 
12108/2017 
Epstein r Edw... 
10013. DB JEE ckg 35289891 
X 
50404 • Lege 
-257,198.13 
Check 
01/09/2018 
Epstein r Edw... 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Eega 
-150,000.00 
Check 
01/31/2018 
Epstoin r Edw... 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35289891 
X 
50604 • Lege 
-110,806.50 
Check 
02/27/2018 
Epstein r Edw... 
10013. DB JEE ekg 35289691 
X 
50404 • Lega 
-279.560.86 
Check 
04/03/2018 
Epstoin r ebt,. 
10013 • DB JEE dg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Leg 
-226.668.06 
Check 
04124/2018 
Epstein r Echt.. 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Leg 
-250.000.00 
Check 
05/03/2018 
Epstein r Edw... 
10019 - DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Leg 
-142,9013.11 
Check 
06/0812018 
Epstein r Edw... 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Lega 
-187.210.23 
Check 
07/18/2018 
Epstein v Echo_ 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 - Leg 
-117.991.44 
Check 
07/18/2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 • DB JEE ckg 35269891 
X 
50404 , Lege 
-122.434.53 
Check 
09/08/2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Lege 
-4.857.50 
Check 
09/06/2018 
Epstein v Edw . 
10013 • DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 - Lege 
-100.000.00 
Check 
09/12/2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35289691 
X 
50404 • Lega 
-10000.00 
Check 
10/24/2018 
Epstein v Edw.. 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Lege 
-3,000,000.00 
Deposit 
10/25/2018 
Epstein v Edw.. 
10013 • DB JEE ckg 35289691 
X 
50404 • Lege 
3,000,000.00 
Total Link 6 Berken/me" PA 
-2,254,435.90 
TOTAL 
-2,254,435.90 
Page 1 
EFTA00811923
--- PAGE 2 ---
10:32 AM 
11/14/18 
Accnial Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Register QuickReport 
January through December 2018 
Typ 
Dato 
Num 
Memo 
Account 
Clr 
spat 
Amount 
Link 44 Rcaenbach, PA 
Check 
01/09/2018 
Epstein v EcIn... 
10013 • DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Legal 
-150.000.00 
Check 
01/31/2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 - Lege 
-110.806.50 
ctiock 
02/27/2018 
Epstein v E41«... 
10013 • D13 JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Lege 
-279560.88 
Check 
0/103/2018 
Epstein v ES... 
10013 • DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Lege 
-228.888.08 
Check 
04/24/2018 
Epstein v Eds... 
10013 • DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Lege 
-250.000.00 
Check 
05/03/2018 
EPSteln v Edw... 
10013 • OB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 - Lege 
-142.908.11 
Check 
08/08/2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 • OB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
60404 • Lege 
-187.219.23 
Check 
07/18/2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 • DB JEE Mg 35269691 
X 
50404 - Lego 
-117.991.44 
Check 
07/1812018 
Epstein v Eche.. 
10013 - DB JEE Mig 35269691 
X 
50404 • Lege 
-122,434.53 
Check 
OW08/2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 - Lege 
-4.857.50 
Check 
09/06/2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35269691 
X 
50404 • Lega 
-103000.00 
Check 
09/12/2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 08 JEE 04 35269691 
X 
80404 - Lege 
-10,000.03 
Check 
10/24/2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 - OB JEE Mg 35289691 
X 
50404 • Lega 
-3.000.000.00 
Depos4 
10/25,2018 
Epstein v Edw... 
10013 - DB JEE ckg 35289891 
X 
50404 • Lege 
3,000,000.03 
Total Link 8. Rockentamh. PA 
-1,702266.27 
TOTAL 
-1,702.29627 
Page 1 
EFTA00811924
--- PAGE 3 ---
10:32 AM 
11/14/18 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Register QuickReport 
January through December 2017 
nit* 
Oats 
Num 
Memo 
Account 
Clr 
Split 
Amount 
Link & Rodtenbach. PA 
Chock 
10/17/2017 
Epstein v Rot 
10013 DB JEE ckg 35269891 
X 
50404 Legal 
-1000000 
Check 
11/132017 
Epstein v Eder 
10013 DB JEE dig 35269891 
X 
50404 • Legal 
-194.971.50 
Check 
12,0812017 
Epstein v Eft 
10013. DB JEE dm 35289691 
X 
50404 • Legal 
-257.1913.13 
Total Link & Rockenbach. PA 
-552.169.63 
TOTAL 
452,169.63 
Page 1 
EFTA00811925

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811926.pdf
----------------------------------------
SECKENDORF HASSON AND REILLY, CPA'S LLC 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
Bruce S. Seckendorf, CPA 
David M. Hasson, CPA 
Robert P. Reilly, CPA 
Joscha & Mira Bach 
Irving Street 
Somerville MA 02144 
3000 Marcus Avenue, Suite 1 W 5 
Lake Success, New York 11042 
(516) 488-8400 Fax: (516)488-8487 
11/13/2018 
For Professional Services Rendered 
Date 
12/31/2017 
Balance forward 
Amount 
Balance Due 
0.00 
11/13/2018 
Preparation of Amended Federal Form 1040 and Massachussets MA - 
5,600.00 
5,600.00 
I for the Tax Year 2017, Including Analysis of Orignial Returns as 
Filed, backup, correspondence and discussions 
11/13/2018 
Courtesy Discount 
-1,120.00 
4,480.00 
11/13/2018 
Amount Due 
4,480.00 
"'Please make checks payable to Seckendorf, Hasson & Reilly CPA's. LIP. 
'To make payments by American Express, Yea & Mastercard, please contact our office. 
All unpaid invoices that are in excess of 30 days old trill be subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month. 
EFTA00811926

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811927.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
11/30/2018 
EFTA00811927
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - NOVEMBER 30, 2018 
10/31/18 
11/30/18 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
67,625,019 
76,273,353 
8,648,334 
Fixed Income 
59,581,658 
47,984,695 
(11,596,963) 
Equities 
142,554,263 
126,691,259 
(15,863,004) 
Hedge Funds 
104,719,145 
105,037,246 
318,101 
Investments 
52,625,224 
52,625,224 
-
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
18,350,000 
18,350,000 
-
Loans Receivable 
16,119,472 
17,619,472 
1,500,000 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
9,900,000 
9,900,000 
-
Loan Payable - BJAV 
(20,500,000)
(20,500.000) 
Total Assets 
450,974,781 
433,981,249 -16,993,532 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
SFL LLC DB Sold 333,629 JP Morgan Floating Rate Income Fund @ 9.21 
3,072,723 
DB - Sold 2,650,000 LSC Communications Inc. 8.75% 
2,775,875 
Haze Trust DB Sold 253,726JP Morgan Floating Rate Income Fund @ 9.21 
2,336,818 
Jeepers DB Sold 190,068JP Morgan Floating Rate Income Fund @ 9.21 
1,750,526 
Fine Arts Insurance Proceeds 
1,000,000 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions 
730,774 
David Mitchell Loan Repayment to FIRE - From Sagaponick Sale 
500,000 
David Mitchell Loan Repayment to JEE - Hotel 
80,000 
Gratitude to Humanity Plus - Joscha Bach 
(50,000) 
Zorro Real Estate Taxes 
(108,484) 
Miscellaneous 
(175,000) 
PBI Real Estate Taxes 
(196,674) 
IEGE LLC - GIV Prebuy and Other work 
(205,126) 
LSJ - Purchase of Cat 325 & Accessories 
(313,098) 
Coatue_Enterprises LLC Loan 
(500,00_01 
-Iarlequin Dane LLC Loan 
(1,000,000) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,050,000)
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
8,648,334 
EFTA00811928
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
Intwattito 
TD 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
BNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Merrill 
Stanley 
Stoke,, 
AmerUndo 
Totals 
Cash 
Raze Trust 
17,645.648 
17,645.648 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
6.026.540 
816.315 
299.452 
3.083.445 
6.105.926 
16,311.679 
The 2017 Catepalar Trust 
13.609.615 
13,609,615 
Southern Financial LLC 
8,867.546 
100,710 
298.479 
9.266.735 
JEE 
6,922,186 
205,863 
7.027 
7,135,076 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
2,232,433 
131,406 
1,9)1832 
3,865,770 
Jeepers Inc 
3,262,879 
7,009 
3,269,888 
LSJE LLC 
405,180 
494,248 
190,921 
1,090,348 
FT Real Estate 
800,870 
800,670 
Plan 0 LLC 
783,196 
783,196 
Buttedly Trust 
706,882 
708.862 
Southern Country International LT 
361,849 
361,849 
Neptune LLC 
257.574 
257.574 
Zorro Management LLC 
223,334 
223,334 
NES LLC 
217.814 
217.814 
JEGE LLC 
194,618 
194,618 
Hyperion Air LLC 
147.204 
147.204 
Thome; World Air LLC 
73.728 
73,728 
Nautius Inc. 
53,837 
53,837 
Enhanced Education 
13.612 
37.683 
51.295 
Groat St Jim LLC 
46,573 
46,573 
Maple Inc. 
30.484 
30.484 
JEGE Inc. 
26,796 
26,796 
Micheles Transportation Co LLC 
23.907 
23.907 
:random AY Petroleum 
22,512 
22,512 
_aural Inc. 
20.155 
20,155 
.---YPress Inc. 
18.825 
18,825 
SEE - Paris (US S) 
7.027 
7,027 
.SJ LLC 
5.150 
5.150 
Van Inc 
4,553 
4,553 
:SF LLC 
337 
337 
rho JEE Life Ins Trust #3 
206 
206 
GO Company LLC 
Total Cash 
61,547,795 
3,150,639 
313,506 
190,921 
3,063,445 
1,501,932 6,206,636 
298,479 
76,273,353 
EFTA00811929
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase Quantity 
10/31/18 
11130/18 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Symbo 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
FIXED INCOME 
Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
Citibank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000 
1,999,419 
2,159,070 
2,057,950 
58,531 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 2,160,000 
2,395,200 
2,171,926 
2,178,935 
-216,295 
JP Morgan Floating Rate Income fund 
01/22/13 
253,726 
2.369.803 
Total Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
4,394,619 
6,700,799 
4,236,855 
-157,764 
Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
ADM Floating Rate Income fund 
02/13/13 
190,068 
1,775,235 
- 
Total Jeepers - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,775,235 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
GM Financial 6.5% fixed to 9/30/18 Floats thereafter 
9/24/18 
250,000 
250,000 
236,670 
221,729 
-28,271 
Frontier Communications 7.125% Matures 3/15/2019 
10/02/17 1,000,000 
997322 
1,011,604 
013 594 
272 
Total Gratitude America -Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
1,247,322 
1,248,274 
1,235,323 
41,999 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
3tickeye Partners Axed to Abel 6.375% Case 1122123 
1/25/18 1,000,000 
1,018,741 
933.111 
887,687 
-131,054 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,018,741 
933,111 
887,687 
-131,054 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
3ank of America 5.88% Pfd 12-31-2049 
03/08/18 1,000,000 
1,000,000 
977,507 
967,403 
-32 597 
_SC Communications Inc. 8.75% 10/15/2023 
01/13/17 2,650,000 
2852 431 
.. 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Menill) 
1,000,000 
3,829,937 
967,403 
-32,597 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Interactive Broken) 
:legit& One 5.55% Fixed to 9-1-2020 then 380 over 3 mo libor 
5/14/15 3.000.000 
3,009.819 
3,039,900 
3,017,250 
7,432 
:flatlets Schwab 8.0% Preferred $25 par 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,028,800 
1,009,600 
9,600 
_trade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 3,000,000 
3,123,122 
2,981,280 
2,913,240 
-209,882 
kliiman Sachs 5.375% Fixed to 5-10-2020 then 392.2 over 3 no libor 
614/15 5,000,000 
5,034,346 
5,062,500 
4,993,700 
-40,646 
4GL Energy Partners 9% $25 par 
6/6/17 
40,000 
1,000,000 
916,000 
918,000 
-82 000 
rota) Southern Trust Co. -Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers) 
13,167,287 
13,028,480 
12,851,790 
-315,497 
≥outhem Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
\ssurant Fixed to Float 7% March 2048 
3/29/18 
2,000,000 
2,039,762 
2,013,222 
1,954,500 
-85,262 
;digroup Inc - Series O 5.95% 
8/6/15 
3,000,000 
3,000,006 
3,086,433 
3,067,063 
67,057 
;itizens Communications 7.125% Mar 15 2019 
10/3/17 
1,000,000 
1,000,274 
1,011,604 
1,013,594 
13,320 
;OPP 4.407 8/2019 Euro Bond 
9/12/18 
2,500,000 
2,921,428 
2,899,392 
2,800,249 
-121,179 
>eutsche Bank AG 4.875% exp 12/1/2032 
6/1/18 
1,000,000 
868,256 
870,403 
798,300 
-69,956 
)eutsche Bank AG 4.296% exp 5(24/2028 
6/1/18 
1,000,000 
917,776 
920,155 
848,488 
-69,290 
Exelainter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
10/24/17 
2,000,000 
1,940,506 
2,138,289 
2,095,000 
154,494 
Exelainter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
7/9118 
1,000,000 
1,027,756 
1,069,144 
1,047,500 
19,744 
;anent] Electric Co GTD Fixed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
12/3/15 
2,469,000 
2,175,016 
2,120,528 
1,687,150 
-487,866 
3MAC Cap TR I GTD Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80.000 
1,882,774 
2,100,800 
2,040,000 
157,226 
BS Investments 7.25% April 3 2024 
10/31/17 
2,000,000 
1,981,300 
2,029,875 
2,030,158 
48,858 
P Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
1,100,000 
1,179,898 
1,106,074 
1,109,627 
-70.271 
P Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6/15/11 
2,500,000 
2,669,524 
2,513,803 
2,521,880 
-147,644 
PM Floating Rate Income fund 
928/17 
333,629 
3,116,095 
- 
byds Banking Group Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
5/21/13 1,903,000 
1,948,500 
1,933,131 
1,827,651 
-120,849 
buthern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3,000,000 
2.996.137 
3.136,875 
2.964.479 
-31.658 
"otal Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
28,548,913 
32,065,822 
27,805,637 
443,276 
-OTAL FIXED INCOME 
49,376,881 
59,581,658 47,984,695 -1,392,187 
EQUITIES 
:outhem Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
mazon 
AWN 
4018 
1,000 
1,395.441 
1.598,010 
1,690,170 
294,729 
,baba Group 
BABA 
6/10/15 
5,000 
444,749 
711,400 
804,300 
359,551 
.pple Inc 
AAPL 
12/7/17 
314,000 
53,321,627 
68,722,040 
56,074,120 
2,752,493 
pple Inc 
AAPL 
6/20/18 
50000 
9.339.691 
10,943,000 
8,929,000 
-410,691 
gale Inc 
AAPL 
10/15/18 
40.000 
8,760,702 
8,754,400 
7,143,200 
-1,617,502 
polio Global Management 
APO 
3/31/11 
263.157 
4,999,983 
7,741,079 
7,418.396 
2,418.413 
bgen Ides Inc 
8118 
2114/12 
2.095 
250,455 
637,446 
699,143 
448,688 
entene Corp 
CNC 
9/8/14 
15.550 
986,497 
2,026,476 
2,211,988 
1,225,491 
teneral Electric (exercise of puts sold at 18) 
GE 
2/24/18 
25.000 
405,493 
252,500 
187,500 
-217,993 
aryopharm Therapeutics Inc 
KPTI 
7/12/18 
25,000 
467,106 
263,500 
260,000 
-207,106 
intendo 
NTDOY 
2/5/18 
10,000 
517.906 
391,300 
378,700 
-139,206 
bisoft Entertainment 
UBSFF 
3/29/18 
11,200 
974,199 
008 734 
912.165 
-62,034 
brat Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
81,863,849 
103,049,885 
88,708,682 
4,844,833 
EFTA00811930
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase Quantity 
10/31/18 
11/30/18 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Symbol 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (TD) 
General Electric 
GE 
mulilple 
125,000 
2593,861 
1.262.50Q 
937.500 
-1 656.361 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Equities (TD) 
2,593,861 
1,262,500 
937,500 4,656,361 
Southem Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
KBW Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
11/16/17 
9,000 
503,167 
485,910 
501,840 
-1,327 
Carvana 
CVNA 
9/4/18 
125,000 
8,255,075 
4,843,750 
5.411,250 
-2,843,825 
Exxon Mobil 
XOM 
10/15/18 
10,000 
813,881 
796,800 
795,000 
-18,881 
Facebook 
F8 
7/26/18 
20,000 
3,559,596 
3,035,800 
2,812,200 
-747,396 
011-I Oil Services ETF 
OIH 
5/16/18 
17,000 
490,376 
349,520 
307,360 
-183,016 
Euro Eton 50 Stec Os 327/a319 'transvalue 3538 (downside Isrestord 73550 
9/25/17 ref price 3555 
2,500,000 
2,420,125 
2,436,850 
-63,150 
Japan Banks Capped NonsaxiFeb 1 2019 (75% barrier) 
1/25/18 
3,000,000 
2,820,000 
2,820,000 
-180,000 
vortex Linked Noe (sari 
put spreads and buying VIX calls) 
3/8/18 
3,000,000 
2.999.390 
3.056.796 
56,796 
Sx7E Market Plus Note Exp 4/26/2019472% baffler) 
10/24/17 
000 000 
2.315.760 
2.381.220 
-618.780 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merril° 
25,122,095 
20,067,055 20,522,516 4,599,579 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
Broadcom 
AVGO 
4/17/18 
4,000 
1,002,093 
893,960 
949,640 
-52.453 
Broadcom 
AVGO 
5/17/18 
4,000 
1,000,000 
893,960 
949,640 
-50,360 
Goldman Sachs 
GS 
1/25/18 
1,850 
499,873 
416,935 
352,777 
-147,096 
General Dynamics 
GD 
2/7/18 
2,300 
501,381 
396,934 
425,247 
-76,134 
General Dynamics 
GD 
3/27/08 
3,450 
773,056 
595,401 
637,871 
-135,186 
General Dynamics 
GD 
5/7/08 
2,500 
491,250 
431,450 
462,225 
-29,025 
Lockheed martin 
mT 
2/7/18 
1,400 
489,300 
411,390 
420,602 
-68,698 
Lockheed Martn 
MT 
3/20/18 
2,100 
707,676 
617,085 
630,903 
-76,773 
'Lockheed Marin 
DKr 
5/7/18 
1,500 
472,500 
440,775 
450,645 
-21,855 
Vorthtrop Grumman 
NOC 
2/7/18 
1,470 
493,920 
385,067 
382,024 
-111,896 
Vorthtrop Grumman 
NOC 
3/28/11 
2.195 
760,159 
574,980 
570,437 
-189,722 
Vorthtrop Grumman 
NOC 
5/7/18 
1.500 
475,800 
392,925 
389,820 
-85,980 
DIH Oil Services ETF 
Ott 
5/17/08 
17,000 
504,839 
349,520 
307,380 
-197,479 
Raytheon 
RTh 
2/7/18 
2,400 
498,840 
420,096 
420,816 
-78,024 
Raytheon 
RTN 
3/20/18 
3,600 
763,284 
630,144 
631,224 
-132,060 
Raytheon 
RTai 
5/7/18 
2.400 
491,880 
420,096 
420,816 
-71,064 
<SW Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
3/26/18 
20,000 
1,210.847 
1.079.800 
1.115.200 
-95.647 
Total Southem Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
11,136,698 
9,350,518 
9,517,246 -1,619,452 
3ratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
3eneral Electric 
GE 
10/23/17 
22,000 
491,068 
222,200 
165,000 
-326.068 
rticrosoft 
MSFT 
9/6/18 
10,000 
1,113.704 
1.068,100 
1,089,400 
-24,304 
:entury Link 
CIL 
9/6/18 
10,000 
212,233 
206,400 
188,000 
-24,233 
Norld Acceptance Group 
WRLD 
8/9/18 
10,000 
1,111,107 
014 900 
108 900 
-207 
rota! &nada America, LTD- Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,928,112 2,511,600 2,551,300 -376,812 
laze Trust - Equities (08) 
arvana 
CVNA 
6/21/18 
25,000 
1,086,102 
968,750 
1,082,250 
-3,852 
ioogle 
GOOG 
2/2/18 
2,000 
2,222,173 
153,540 
2,188,860 
-33,313 
300gle 
GOOG 
12/5/17 
1,000 
1,014,015 
1,076.770 
1,094,430 
80,415 
lofted Technologies 
UTX 
6/21/18 
15,000 
1,882.944 
1,863,150 
1,827,600 
-55,344 
faze Trust- Total Equities (DB) 
6,205,234 6,062,210 6,193,140 
-12,094 
'Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
tristol Myers Squibb 
Bkirr 
10/30/15 
3,400 
227,604 
171,836 
181.764 
-45,840 
tieney 
MS 
10/30/15 
685 
78.100 
78.659 
79,111 
1,011 
"eta, J Epstein Vi Foundation - Equities (DB) 
305,704 
250,495 
260,875 
-44,829 
-OTAL EQUITIES 
130,155,552 
142,554,263 
126,691,259 -3,464,294 
EFTA00811931
--- PAGE 6 ---
10/31/18 
11/30/18 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financial (SFLLC) 
Oasis 5Onvo • 4,40erm 
3oothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
46,767,736 
46,237,950 
-1.13% 
5.99% wither...10mm 5/10/17 
3oothbay Enhanced Fund 
856 682 
721 303 
-1.72% 
2.04% Enh Fes 1 XIS start 
Total Hedge Funds - SF LLC 
54,624,418 
53,959,253 
2016 nitum 3.77% 
2017 Mum Ism 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
2als room of nnitot 7017 mum of ell= Elio7 nollenotIoa4 n4 
<ing Street - Illiquid Special Investmen 
2,248_050 
2.226_536 
≥1312018 5/.388 
4115 230.7103 
4/27/16 5.96/.9540610 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
2,248,050 
2,226,536 
314/2010 12,on 
5/16113,564 
7127/16 6.107.924 P410 
4131201$ 37,263 
9/13 2.73$ 
10/1/716 6.129,963..4d 
71161201$ 435 
4/1612018 374,259 
10/1218.370 
1127/17 3,995644 pagt1 
1C/1612015 $75489 
617/2013 67.976 
1119 4.060 
2016 return 4.68% 
11/16/2018 22.933 
Hedge Funds - STC 
In1110 lov Anon 931/16 
-toneycomb 
47_846,677 
48$51_,457 
2.10% 
8.60% added *re C/27718 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
47,846,677 
48,851,457 
Wiled &we WA'S 
20161.4 0.44% (6 mot) 
Total Hedge Funds 
104,719,145 105,037,246 
2017 noum 21.0% 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
Grat 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
<yam II (investment amount) 
marked to $0 in Sep 2018 
<yara IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount less 30k distribution 4/20/18) 
970.000 
Drytanee LLC (art partnership) 
.000,000 
Jawbone Investment (prat) 
1,000,000 
kYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,000 
sit 
Seaford Avenue Capital - PB Investment - Auto Debt (total comm 2.6mm) 
1.299,724 
ekdfin Solutions (investment amoun ) 
875,000 
butterfly trust 
aric Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
'aid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston, NJ I 
3,000,000 
.:loinbase via Grat (50% sold for $15mm Feb 2018? 
STC 
1,500,500 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
/alar Global Fund II (amount funded vs 15mm comnittment) 
14,250,000 
!Value as of 9-30-2018 21.166,482 
curnulalivoIRR Choi 940-208 
313% 
/alar Global Fund III (amount funded vs 25mm cornmiument) 
21,000,000 
value as of 9-30-2018 33.165,591 
cumulaleve 1RR that S30-2010 
542% 
Totals 
1,000,000 
3,000,000 
40,644,724 
1,500,500 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
52,625,224 
EFTA00811932
--- PAGE 7 ---
Hyperion 
JEGE 
JEGE 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
Inc 
Various 
Totals 
4vialion, Automobiles 8 Boats 
?001 Bell 430 N331JE 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
2,900.000 
2,900,000 
1968 Boeing 727 N908JE 
plan n 11 r 
≥008 G550 
14,000,000 
14,000,000 
automobiles 
250,000 
250,000 
3oats 
200,000 
200,000 
rota) Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
1,000,000 
2,900,000 
14,450,000 18,350,000 
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
JEGE Inc. 
FIRE 
Totals 
_oars Receivable 
dins Keita (mcks &row ici:kyei x•OSS 15CK) 
150,000 
150,000 
bilark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
dick Ribis 
150,000 
150,000 
lohnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
)avid Mitchell 
323,700 
1,160,000 
1,483,700 
)sboume Lane Capital (Paul B) 
1.000.000 
1,000,000 
\nna 
20,000 
303,262 
323,262 
larleguin Dane, LLC 
7,750,000 
7,750,000 
:oatue Enterprises LLC 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
Sella Klein 
100,000 
100,000 
.esley 
300,000 
300.000 
)avid Rodgers 
50,000 
50,000 
.ouella Home 
133,000 
133,000 
)arren Indyke 
475,000 
475,000 
Richard Kahn 
475,000 
475,000 
.V Home & Other 
1,457,000 
1,457,000 
3ertrude & Larry Delson 
650,064 
650,064 
"otal Loans Receivable 
2,873,210 11,200,000 
950,000 2,596,262 17,619,472 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
'in° Arts, Antiques 8 Jewelry 
:elk) 
175,000 
175.000 
'agano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
≥73 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamcnd - insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Vetches. Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
The Arts Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Mal Fine Arts, Antiques & ✓ewelry 
175,000 I
5,900,000 
775,000 
3,050,000 
9,900,000 
oan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
(20,500,000) 
(20,500,000) 
EFTA00811933

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811934.pdf
----------------------------------------
Asset Description 
Purchase 
Symbol 
Date 
Quantity 
Cost 
Cost per 12/11/08 @ 10:50an 
Share 
Value 
Cost per 
Share 
unrealized 
Gain (Loss) 
Apple Inc 
AAPL 
6/20/18 
50,000 
9,339,691 
186.79 
8,442,500 
168.85 
-897,191 
Apple Inc 
AAPL 
10/15/18 
40,000 
760 702 
219.02 
754 000 
168.85 
-2.006.702 
18,100,393 
15,196,500 
-2.903,893 
Carvana 
CVNA 
9/4/18 
125,000 
8,255,075 
66.04 
4,550,000 
36.40 
-3,705,075 
Carvana 
CVNA 
6/21/18 
25,000 
1.066.102 
43.44 
910.000 
36.40 
-176.102 
9,341,177 
5,460,000 
-3.881,177 
Facebook 
FB 
7/26/18 
20,000 
3,559,596 
177.98 
2,834,000 
141.70 
-725,596 
General Electric (exercise of puts sold at 18) 
GE 
2/24/18 
25,000 
405,493 
16.22 
175,250 
7.01 
-230,243 
General Electric 
GE 
mulitple 
125,000 
L593.861 
20.75 
876.250 
7.01 
4717.611 
"Note there is a 22,000 lot in Gratitude as well which will not give is tax loss 
2,999,354 
1,051,500 
-1,947,854 
General Dynamics 
GD 
2/7/18 
2,300 
501,381 
217.99 
403,305 
175.35 
-98,076 
General Dynamics 
GD 
3/27/08 
3,450 
773,056 
224.07 
604,958 
175.35 
-168,099 
General Dynamics 
GD 
5/7/08 
2,500 
491250 
196.50 
438375 
175.35 
-52.875 
1,765,687 
1,446,638 
-319,050 
Goldman Sachs 
GS 
1/25/18 
1,850 
499,873 
270.20 
333,204 
180.11 
-166,669 
Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc 
KPTI 
7/12/18 
25,000 
467,106 
18.68 
258,750 
10.35 
-208,356 
KEW Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
3/26/18 
20,000 
1,210,847 
60.54 
1,025,400 
51.27 
-185,447 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
2/7/18 
1,400 
489,300 
349.50 
414,526 
296.09 
-74,774 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
3/20/18 
2,100 
707,676 
336.99 
621,789 
296.09 
-85,887 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
5/7/18 
1,500 
472.500 
315.00 
444.135 
296.09 
-28.365 
1,669,476 
1,480,450 
-189.026 
Nintendo 
NTDO' 
2/5/18 
10,000 
517,906 
51.79 
364,000 
36.40 
-153,906 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
2/7/18 
1,470 
493,920 
336.00 
400,987 
272.78 
-92,933 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
3/28/18 
2,195 
760,159 
346.31 
598,752 
272.78 
-161,407 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
5/7/18 
1,500 
475.800 
317.20 
409.170 
272.78 
-66.630 
1,729,879 
1,408,909 
-320,970 
OIH Oi Services ETF 
OIH 
5/17/08 
17,000 
504,839 
29.70 
280,330 
16.49 
-224,509 
OIH OI Services ETF 
OIH 
5/16/18 
17,000 
490.376 
28.85 
280.330 
16.49 
-210.046 
995,215 
560,660 
-434,555 
Raytheon 
RTN 
2/7/18 
2,400 
498,840 
207.85 
413.520 
172.30 
-85,320 
Raytheon 
RTN 
3/20/18 
3,600 
763,284 
212.02 
620,280 
172.30 
-143,004 
Raytheon 
RTN 
5/7/18 
2,400 
491.880 
204.95 
413.520 
172.30 
-78360 
1.754,004 
1,447,320 
-306.684 
SX7E Market Plus Note Exp 4/26/2019 (72% barrier) 
10/24/17 
3,000,000 
2,095,000 
-905.000 
Ubisoft Entertainment 
UBSFF 
3/29/18 
11,200 
974,199 
86.98 
842,800 
75.25 
-131.399 
TOTALS 
48,584,711 
35,805,130 
-12,779,582 
TOTALS WITHOUT APPLE 
30,484,318 
20,608,630 
-9,875,689 
EFTA00811934

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811935.pdf
----------------------------------------
hups://secure.bill4time.com/B4T2/Invoicing/invoiceHTML.asp... 
Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin PUS 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone 340.779.2564 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
575 Lexington Ave., 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
In Reference To: Corporate (Expenses) 
Date 
By 
Expenses 
INVOICE 
Invoice 46535 
Date 
Jan 11, 2019 
Terms 
Service Thru 
Dec 31, 2018 
Amount 
12/31/2018 exp 
Business Basics VI corporate services. 
Please see attached invoice below. 
$ 945.00 
Total Expenses 
Total Amount 
$ 945.00 
$ 945.00 
In Reference To: Estate Planning (Labor) 
Date 
By 
Services 
Hours 
Rates 
Amount 
12/11/2018 EK 
Revise documents and send to R. 
0.60 
$ 490.00/hr 
$ 294.00 
Kahn; status call with D. Indyke 
In Reference To: General (Labor) 
Date 
By 
Services 
12/03/2018 AG 
Research on firearms and 
executive powers. 
12/03/2018 AG 
Draft Research Memo on 
firearms. 
Total Hours 
Total Labor 
Total Amount 
0.60 hrs 
$ 294.00 
$ 294.00 
Hours 
Rates 
Amount 
1.00 
$ 325.00/hr 
$ 325.00 
0.70 
$ 325.00/hr 
$ 227.50 
of 7 
I/14/19,9:56 AM 
EFTA00811935
--- PAGE 2 ---
12/03/2018 
12/04/2018 
12/12/2018 
EK 
EK 
EK 
hups://secure.bill4time.com/B4TVInvoicing/invoiceliTML.asp... 
Research availability of pardon 
7.00 
$ 490.00/hr $ 3,430.00 
Research availability of pardon 
7.00 
$ 490.00/hr $ 3,430.00 
Email correspondence with JEE 
0.20 
$ 490.00/hr 
$ 98.00 
re: visit from DPNR 
In Reference To: Litigation (Labor) 
Date 
By 
Services 
Total Hours 
Total Labor 
Total Amount 
Hours 
Rates 
15.90 hrs 
$ 7,510.50 
$ 7,510.50 
Amount 
12/07/2018 
12/30/2018 
EK 
EK 
Discussion with B. Walden re: 
possible settlement; review email 
from B. Walden - send same to R. 
Kahn for review. 
Review emails from JEE & R. 
Kahn re: pro solar issue. 
1.00 
$ 490.00/hr 
0.20 
$ 490.00/hr 
$ 490.00 
$ 98.00 
In Reference To: Litigation (Expenses) 
Date 
By 
Expenses 
Amount 
12/31/2018 exp 
Westlaw 
$ 217.69 
Total Hours 
1.20 hrs 
Total Labor 
$ 588.00 
Total Expenses 
$ 217.69 
Total Amount 
$ 805.69 
Total Hours 
17.70 hrs 
Total Labor 
$ 8,392.50 
Total Expenses 
$ 1,162.69 
Total Invoice Amount 
$ 9,555.19 
Previous Balance 
$ 2,342.17 
Balance (Amount Due) 
$ 9,555.19 
Notes: 
In accordance with the terms of our engagement, please note that our billing rates for 
certain attorneys have changed. 
of 7 
I/14/19,9:56 AM 
EFTA00811936
--- PAGE 3 ---
Payment History: 
Date 
Type 
12/14/2018 
Payment - Wire Transfer 
Payment Description 
Amount 
($2,342.17) 
of 7 
1/14/19, 9:56 AM 
EFTA00811937
--- PAGE 4 ---
https://secure.bill4time.com/B4T2/Invoicing/InvoiceHTML.asp... 
Receipts: 
Date: 12/31/2018 12 00 00 NA 
Expense Type: E132 - Business Basics VI 
Description: Business Basin VI corporate services. Please see atiached invoice below 
Business Basics VI 
9053 Estate Thomas 
Sae 101 
SI. Thomas. 00802 
t 340.778.8812 
1: 888815.0482 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
In Reference To: Entity (Labor) 
Date 
By 
Services 
Hours 
Rates 
Amount 
12/202018 
8G 
Service: EC net. Pent re licenses and permits. 
0.20 
$ 100.001W 
S 20.00 
12/214018 
8G 
Service: Dissolute., • Man. Inc 
Fist fee 
$300 00 
$ »D.00 
12/21/2018 
EiG 
Service: Draft resolution to dessolve Mod Inc. EC 
with GJF re review. 
050 
0.00ar 
No Charge 
1221/2018 
8G 
Service: EC with doh re LGO aulboaatio,  fonn 
0.20 
0.00hr 
No Purge 
12/27/2018 
Serikhi Receipt and access LGO authorization. 
0.20 
$ 0.031v 
No Charge 
Submit some to LGO. 
1212812018 
Service: Oran consent or clifenwS. races and 
1.30 
$ 0.(Xlihr 
NO Otaii» 
~driers to ~a 
Review and inallze. EC 
with Client re same 
12/302018 
BO 
Service: Receipt and process samaras. Prepare 
and submit dissaaon. 
030 
0.03.1v 
No Charge 
12/31/2018 
8G 
Resident Agent: Annual resident agent lee - LSJ 
Flat Fa 
200.00 
$ 700.00 
Emergency. LLC. 
12/31/2018 
8G 
Resident Agent: Annual resiani raw fee - TTR 
fat Fee 
$ 200.00 
S 200.00 
Consuang. LLC. 
12/31/2018 
Reagent Arnt: Annual re Writ Eel lee • Zeno 
fAansgement JIG 
Fat fee 
200 00 
S 200.00 
la Reference To: Entity (Expenses) 
Dale 
BY 
Expenses 
Amount 
12/3012018 
8G 
Government Fest Di extueoe - Men. Inc. 
$ 25.00 
M. Business Basics VI 
Invoice 30091 
Dar 
an oe. 2019 
Tenne 
Service Tau 
Dec 31, 2018 
Told News 
2.40 hos 
Total Labe% 
51120.00 
of 7 
1/14/19, 9:56 AM 
EFTA00811938
--- PAGE 5 ---
hups://secure.bill4time.com/B4Mlnvoicing/invoiceHTMLasp... 
Business Basica VI 
9053 Estate Thomas 
Suite 101 
St. Thomas. 00802 
1:340.776.8812 
868.815.0482 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
Business Basics VI 
Invoice 30091 
Date 
An 06. 2019 
Tern 
SoreIce Thou 
Dec 31.2018 
Total Expanses 
S 25.03 
Total Invoice Amount 
$ 045.00 
Previous Balance 
52,067.76 
Bowe (Amount Due) 
S 3.032.76 
Notes: 
PLEASE REMIT PAYMENT WITICIN 30 DAYS OF THE INVOICE DATE. 
CHECKS SHOULD BE MADE PAYABLE TO BUSINESS BASICS VI. 
By familia° payment of era /woke you agree that ii  Iowa. heed herein have been rendered by Busatots Basics VI. LLC 
and you agree to payment day 10050Zatent incites for services renderer] 
Falun/ b pay the nvoaCe attain 60 days of Vie Invoice date may result re the irrpostcn dame hundred dollar (5100.00) 
Late lee and alter 90 days may to subject to a 10% per &num surcharge at re electlen of Business Basics VI 
of 7 
I/14/19,9:56 AM 
EFTA00811939
--- PAGE 6 ---
hups://secure.billeltime.com/B4T2/InvoicineinvoiceHTML.asp... 
Trust Account Summary 
Billing Period: 12/01/2018 - 01/11/2019 
Client: Epstein, Jeffrey I General Project Trust 
Total Deposits 
Total Disbursements 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Current Balance 
$0.00 
Date 
Transaction 
Deposit 
Disbursement 
Balance 
No activity for this billing period. 
of 7 
1/14/19, 9:56 AM 
EFTA00811940
--- PAGE 7 ---
https: 
User Hours Summary 
Billing Period: 12/01/2018 - 12/31/2018 
User Hour Totals 
User 
Hours Billed 
Rate/Hour 
Amount Billed 
Erika Kellerhals 
16.00 
$490.00 
$7,840.00 
Aysha Gregory 
1.70 
$325.00 
$552.50 
' of 7 
1/14/19, 9:56 AM 
EFTA00811941

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811942.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811942.pdf
----------------------------------------
4:30 AM Tuo Feb 5 
e t. 55%/_:• 
a 
Appendix: Carvana Memo (NYSE: CVNA) 
Note This NW wiginalfr a,: internal memo nil/esby Philip Kew a/ Hayden Copia. It 
&mfr. 
been trpmblisbed 
the betties 
goarpartnen. 
We've always been impressed by portfolio managers who were able to successfully bet on what were early-
stage companies on their way to disrupting whole industries. For example, Nicholas Sleep of Nomad 
Investment Partnership's writings on .tinazon from the early 2000s comes to mind. With hindsight, the 
business else for Amazon and e-commerce may seem obvious. But back then, at less than S7 Billion in 
revenues, Amazon's ability to challenge the likes of Barnes and Noble or Walmart was uncertain at best. 
Was the investment purely a bet on Jeff Bezos? Was the total addressable market just Large enough to take 
the chance? Was this decision more along the lines of a venture capitalist than a value investor? Is this a type 
of bet that one can get good at and therefore repeat over time? 
These were the questions we had to answer for Carvana (CVNA), our long thesis today. This is a company 
that intends to disrupt the 576413 used car industry by using an c-commerce model. The used car industry is 
highly fragmented and its biggest player, CarNlax, has only a market share of —1.9%. Over 90% of the used 
car dealerships are still owned by small mom & pop businesses. We think Carvana is well-positioned to 
consolidate this industry. 
With Can-ana's e-commerce model, there is now no need for each market to be served only by local 
inventory (what the dealership can buy and display). When coupled with a nationwide logistics network, 
Can-am is able to deliver the tuition's inventory to any individual marker. This lowers the capital required to 
build inventory in each market. 
Carvana is able to keep all its 15,000+ inventory of cars in just four locations (IRCs mentioned below), versus 
CarMax which has —350 cars per location. A pooled national inventory improves inventory turns as supply 
and demand ran be more accurately matched nationwide. This lowers working capital and boosts mirgins as 
there is less depreciation with quicker turnarounds. 
A typical dealership costs at least $20 million to build and set up, including sizeable real estate to hold their 
inventory. In Carvana's case, all they need in each new market is S500K: consisting of an optional 10-car 
hauler, a small office space, and a few flatbed trucks. Even their car vending machines cost just S5m, 
considerably cheaper than a traditional dealership, and has the added PR value and helps legitimize the brand 
in consumer's eyes. 
The low capes requirement for expansion along with the lack of a need to build inventory in each new market 
gives Carvana a scaling advantage that traditional car dealers do not have. 
Carvana currently has 91 markets opened, with four (soon to be five) regional Integrated Reconditioning 
Centers (IRCs) that serve as the "hub" to each market's "spoke". Centralized reconditioning processes allows 
car quality standards to be kept consistently high. 
Carvana is on track to sell —95,000 vehicles this year, about an eighth of CarMax's unit sales. Growth has 
been explosive, with unit numbers by end 2018 estimated to be double last years', and 2017 numbers 2.4x 
higher than 2016's unit sales. We expect sales numbers to grow at a moderated, although still rapid, 46% 
CAGR over the next few years. We expect to Carvana to sell approximately 650K units in five years. If we 
are right, Carvana will realize over SI Billion in net profit, and we'll realize a 23% IRR on our investment. 
Below, we'll describe why we believe the company has a high probability of achieving this. 
The &commerce model is clearly superior so why hasn't this been clone before? 
Fred 1.ni, 
\ 
freil.hufaThayilencapital.coin j 646.883-8805 
Pagi. 1 12 
EFTA00811942
--- PAGE 2 ---
4:30AM Tue Feb 6 
f 
L 
Carvarees CEO and founder is Ernie Garcia III, whose father founded Drivel -me Automotive, one of the 
largest auto-dealerships in the country. The younger Garcia graduated from Stanford and worked in 
DriveTime font few years before starting Carvana, an online version of his father's business. After growing 
Carvana internally for two years, it was finally spun off to stand on its own in 2012. 
We believe Carvana's unique relationship with DriveTime from its founding years is one of the reasons why 
previous online-only car dealerships have not had the same success. Building IRCs is capital intensive, but 
Carvana was able to lease space from DriveTime's existing infrastructure. The partnership turned what 
would have been a significant total 5100 Million fixed cost, into a variable cost. This provided it an unfair 
advantage versus competitors, who didn't have access to the same terms. In addition, other start-ups would 
not have had the advantage of industry relationships and know-how that Carvana was able to benefit off 
DriveTime. 
On the other hand, existing auto dealerships would nor be able to enter the online world so easily as they face 
the typical "Innovator's Dilemma" problem: the internal start up would have faced cultural hurdles from the 
old guard, and would find it hard to attract required engineering or marketing talent required to scale a 
technology-enabled company targeting the millennial customer. 
Emic's unique position as the son of Drivctime's founder puts him in a better position to push for change 
within a more traditional establishment. His educational background, relative youth, entrepreneurial drive, 
and having the personal network required to recruit qualified co-founders, enabled the disruption from within 
DriveTime. When would be the next time we find a big auto retailer with a son possessing the required 
qualifications and ambition? 
Current competitors to Carvana sell at a fraction of the volume, and face the exact hurdles mentioned above. 
While they have received investments from brick and mortar car retailers, we don't expect the integration or 
sharing of assets to be easy. 
At a higher level, we also think consumers' preferences and trust needed to evolve before the idea of buying 
cars online was commonplace. It takes a while for c-commerce to disrupt industries dealing in tangible, high-
value items. We've seen this happen with diamonds, furniture, and clothes, defying sceptics along the way. 
Millennials are also more open to buying items from the interact, and Carvana is able to capitalize on this 
trend and tailor their marketing accordingly. The time is right for a purely online model for cars. 
The negative experience of the current car shopping process is a big factor in this push online too. Canna, 
as the biggest online retailer, is now in the game of changing consumer behavior. They know this, and it 
shows in their laser focus on the customer experience and brand-based marketing. 
Bringing Silicon Valley to Detroit (or Phoenix): Management's ability to craft a superior brand, 
Everyone dislikes the current car buying process of haggling, visiting dealer after dealer, and wondering just 
how the salesperson is going to rake advantage of you when your guard is down. Carvana's vertically 
integrated e-commerce model offers a much better alternative, where you can shop from home and fill up 
paperwork any time of the day. We like to back a company where the customer themselves would want the 
company to succeed. 
Management has repeated their principle of placing customers first, and from details like how customer 
service deals with customer complaints, to their social media engagement, to their sales process and policies, 
we believe the customer-centric philosophy has spread through the organization. 
Reviews online have generally been positive. All Net Promoter Score numbers and crowd-sourced review 
sites have Carvana rated significantly higher than their competitors. We take these numbers with a pinch of 
Fred I.iu, CFA j frtefathaydencapititcom 1646.883-881)5 
Page 1 13 
EFTA00811943
--- PAGE 3 ---
4:30 AM Tue Feb 6 
c SS% WM 
salt, but it does offer at least a directional sense and helps rule out extremes. Certainly if a company is hated, 
they will dearly rank low, and this is not the case for Carvana. 
Carvana is being compared and ranked alongside other technology start-ups, which alone is a compliment for 
any auto-dealer. Do check out their Instagram account (and #ctrrana trishtag) to get a sense of the employee 
culture and customer response. 
Carom is very conscious of every touch point with the customer, starting from viewing cars on their site 
where they have a unique 360-degree car viewing technology for both the exterior and interior of the car. 
They quote you a trade-in price within seconds for your current car. Financing and conditional approvals are 
all done online. The whole process takes 10 minutes. !Delivery is done on one of their Carona branded 
trailers, your traded-in car is picked up, and you even receive a goody4xig of Carvana swag. You have 7 days 
to test drive the car and return it if you choose to (yes, Carvana will even come pick it up again). Painless and 
easy. 
Ernie, along with his co-founders Ryan Keeton and Ben Huston, are more like successful Silicon Valley 
founders who just happen to have had the natural advantage of a relationship with an existing large used-car 
dealership, and therefore found their start-up opportunity. Ernie's involvement in a previous start up with 
co-founder Ben Huston called Looterang, all while still working at Drive Time, shows his inherent 
entrepreneurial drive to do something more. 
Delivering a service well adds to the brand of Carvana. But the conscious crafting of a brand uplifts the 
experience even further. The founders were able to attract top notch creative talent. Cawana's Chief 
Creative Officer Paul Keister, for example, spent nine years at Crispin Porter Bogusky, renowned for their 
BMW Mini campaigns. This Fact is easy to take for granted, but we do not think many used car retailers arc 
able to attract such talent. 
From leveraging social media, to their ad campaign tie-ups with Disney's movie Ralph Breaks the Internet, 
and the exciting vending machines deployed, we believe making the car buying experience fun and having 
customers feel an emotional attachment to the brand is important. Canna's customers skew young, and 
have better credit than the average used or customer. 
Carona has 15 vending machines, as of the end of 2018. Each vending machine costs SSm to build and may 
at first come across as gimmicky. In fact, they do contribute positively to sales, as there is an uplift in each 
market of 2x each time a machine is built. It also legitimizes the brand, so the company doesn't just exist 
within a few webpages. Collecting a car via vending machine is chosen by 50% of customers, showing its 
popularity. The car collection process also automatically produces a video for you, which is meant to be 
shared on social media, and results in organic referrals. The vending machine ranks high on virility and is 
great for branding. 
Carona has suggested that the ease and positive experience of buying cars online may prompt people to 
change cars more frequently, growing the market. We may not go as far, but at the very least, having a strong 
brand and customer experience will help make sure Carvana is top of mind. This is a moat that not many 
other auto retailers own. 
The numbers: Losses today. hut scale and profits to be achieved in two to three years. 
Canana is expected to make a loss of about 5240M for 2018, off a revenue of $2B, or a 11.3% EBITD.1 loss. 
That has improved from a 16.9% loss a year ago. Thus far, all metrics point to soling advantages being 
realized. We expect breakeven in 2020 and profits in 2021. We project 5300NI of operating losses over the 
next two years, which we think is comfortably supported by the current $440M cash reserve. There arc 
additional levers the company can pull to conserve cash, if needed. 
Fred Liu. CF.% I fred.hu@hardeneintdeom 646-tiS3 ssi13 
Rage 
t 
EFTA00811944
--- PAGE 4 ---
4:31AM rue Fab 5 
55% 
a 
Carvana aims to be in 200 markets, covering most of the US population, and are currently are about halfway 
there at 91 markets opened (as of January 2019). Can
 even provides cohort data, which gives a level of 
transparency that is useful for sales projections. Atlanta was opened in 2013 and went from 0.04% of market 
share to —1.9% today. Subsequent cohort years show similar rates of growth. By blending new market 
openings and maturing of 'misting markets, we conservatively estimate —650K units sold in 5 years, or by 
2023. 
Current GP per unit (GPU) is around $2,200, with half coming from financing and other fees. Atypical brick 
and mortar retailer has a GPU of $3,000. But due to the cost advantages of an online model, we think 
Cantina is able to hit a GPU of $3,600 at scale. The increase in GPU will come from a combination of 
sourcing directly from consumers instead of through car auctions, improving time taken to turnaround 
inventory as stale is achieved, and increasing fees from financing and extended warranties, which have been 
under-monetized (low cross-selling rates). 
Currently, total costs per unit sold are at $4,400. We think that can drop by half in 2022, or to $2,200. One 
indication of how costs scale is the cohort data for marketing. In the most mature markets marketing spend 
is at $440 per unit, which is almost three times less than the current cost of $1,181 per unit. To put our costs-
scaling assumptions in perspective—as we see a 63x increase in units sold (-100K to 650K) in 2023, we only 
build in a halving of costs. 
With $3,600 GPU and $2,200 of costs per unit, this gives a profit per unit of $1,400. At sales of 650K units, 
that's $910M of EBITD.%. We do think Canana's higher growth and low capital requirement should deserve 
a higher multiple than any other auto retailer today. But to be conservative, we assign Car tax's (K.\ N.) 
historic EV/EBITDA multiple of around 16x, and that gives an EV of 514.613 in 2023. 
Carvana is trading at $5.3B EV today, which is a ax gain over 5 years, or an IRR of 23%. 
If the outlook ie so great then why ie short intereer at over 90% of the float> 
There arc those that arc bearish on the auto market in general and Canna being loss-making and having the 
highest EV/Sales ratio seems like the best way to short the theme. However, we believe this is ignoring 
Cervarra's specific business qualities and unit economics. 
There is a risk of ride-sharing and autonomous vehicles shrinking the market for used vehicles, and while we 
agree that less people in the future may find the need to own cars, (%pecially in dense urban areas, we think 
Carvana's ability to capture market share starting from a very small base today will far out-pace the speed of 
decline of used car sales. 
A quick look at auto dealership stocks will reveal how unkind the market has been over the pest year, with 
most trading in mid to high single digits PE multiples today. Compressed margins due to off-lease vehicle 
supply and rising costs arc reasons for this bearish view, and this has led to more M&A between dealerships. 
We do feel Carvana is best positioned as the industry goes through consolidation due to its lower-cost and 
lower-capes model, with these saving being passed back to consumers regularly at a +$1,000 discount to 
competitors. A downturn in the industry in fact gives Carvana a better chance in gaining market share. 
Shorts arc also concerned with Ernie's dad, Ernie Garcia II. Ernie senior was embroiled in a savings and loan 
scandal in 1990 and was fined and placed under probation after pleading guilty to a charge of fraud. The 
predecessor to Drivelime Automotive was a company called Ugly Duckling, where in 2002, Garcia had taken 
private after the stock price crashed from $25 to S2.50. DriveTime Automotive deals in the subprime market 
and was also fined by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in 2014. Basically, Garcia II has not had a 
good track record reputation-wise. 
Ittd I.m. 
6.16.883-8$05 
Rig,. I 
EFTA00811945
--- PAGE 5 ---
4:31AM Tue Feb 5 
^L 55% AID 
In 2014, Carvana was spun out of DriveTime and Ernie Garcia II is not a director in the company nor c ocs 
he hold any management responsibilities. He does still, along with his son, own close to 70% of the 
company, and 97% of voting power. 
There are shorts out there that look at the non-straight forward financials of Carvana through the lens of 
Garcia dl's past actions and feel something is not right. We have dug into the financials and are comfortable 
with what we see. In fact, the apparent messiness and the fact that the name doesn't screen well is an 
opportunity for us. 
We also do not think it's fair to form a judgement on a father's business history and assume that culture 
continues to his son. Ernie checks out well, and is very much running Carvana, not his dad. From what we 
gather, we find Ernie to be thoughtful, driven, and has shown the leadership required to pull together a strong 
senior tram with low turnover. In September, to celebrate 100,000 cars sold, Ernie even gifted $35 million 
worth of his own stock to his employees. 
Let's not forget that Carvana is very much shaped by the other co-founders too, who have had a hand in 
creating what we feel is a customer-oriented and employee-engaged organization (from Glassdoor reviews, 
ability to attract non-automotive industry talent, etc.). 
\\liar is the bet here exactly? 
Carvana is a bet on the management tram and their ability to execute a business that has shown tremendous 
growth, a clear path to positive unit economics, attacking a large addressable market, and possesses a strong 
brand and culture that wins both talent and customers. 
Typically, culture clashes impede the growth of an internal start-up. However, we see Carvana as a positive 
example of Clayton Christerson's "Innovator's Dilemma". The old economy world of Drivaime is 
incentivized for the new economy version of themselves to succeed, not just due to shared ownership, but 
also for the simple reason that this is Family business, where there could he a hope for the senior generation 
to witness a "succession plan" that could be even bigger than themselves. With a large ownership stake in 
Carvana, we estimate Garcia senior's holdings to be valued at multiples of his Drivetime stake. In this sense, 
the son has overtaken the father. DriveTime is therefore incentivized in giving Car ana the start it needs with 
its Facilities, relationships and know-how. 
An investment in Carvana is a chance to put money behind a growth start-up story, that uniquely also comes 
with old-economy industry support. 
Without an earnings track record, a strong balance sheer backstop, and with execution uncertainty, Carvana 
sits in a riskier category within a typical value rramager's portfolio; a term we use broadly with the belief that 
"value" can be found in all places. We attempt to mitigate this risk by holding a smaller than standard 
position, and to diversify by making sure to limit positions that have similar risk profiles of being earlier in a 
company's growth cycle. 
J4 being early worth it? 
The question is: if we project profitability in two years, why not wait till then to invest? The simple answer is 
that we fear it would be too late. Once the success of the business model is obvious, it's likely this will be 
already reflected in the market's valuation. 
We never know when the tipping point of attention will be reached for any stock, and when the multiple may 
expand. Anecdotally, the name seems to be getting more attention from investors, so the story isn't entirely 
unknown at this point. By being early, we are being compensated for taking a view when the rest of the 
market is still uncertain. 
Fred lain. CV\ I fred.limitihaydencapital.coiti I 4-li'ess3-8805 
Page j 16 
EFTA00811946
--- PAGE 6 ---
4:31AM ale Feb 5 
'9* 
55% *--) 
a 
We estimate that --S1.8B of capital has been already been put into the business, to get it to where it is today. 
T is can be thought of as the approximate tangible replacement cost for the business, and doesn't even 
include the qualitative advantages Carvana benefits from, as described above. If our analysis and thesis is 
correct, we expect to make multiples of our investment within just a few years, as customers and the market 
alike recognize the advantages of this business. 
Fred Liu. CI: 1, 
frediiii@haydencapital.com j 6-16-883-8805 
Page 1 17 
EFTA00811947

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811948.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
1/31/2019 
EFTA00811948
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - JANUARY 31, 2019 
12/31/18 
1/31/19 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
75,798,977 
64,386,774 
(11,412,203) 
Fixed Income 
47,239,211 
48,504,739 
1,265,528 
Equities 
109,277,812 
115,692,726 
6,414,914 
Hedge Funds 
103,213,747 
105,853,201 
2,639,454 
Investments 
52,625,224 
56,643,626 
4,018,402 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
18,350,000 
18,350,000 
-
Loans Receivable 
17,459,472 
17,359,472 
(100,000) 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
9,900,000 
9,900,000 
-
Loan Payable - BJAV 
(20,500,000) 
(20,500,000) 
Total Assets 
413,364,443 
416,190,539 
2,826,096 
Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
STC IB - Sold 8000 AVGO @ 265.75 
2,125,667 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions 
136,500 
Enhanced DB Sold 2,400 BMY @ 47.50 
114,000 
David Mitchell Loan Repayment 
100,000 
Connie Goldberger 
(50,000) 
LSJE - 2 Light Towers & 2 Electric cars 
(55,411) 
SFL Loans: Larry Visoski 57k (boeing proceeds 29 & loan interest 28) 
(57,000) 
Bell Helicopter - Battery, Starter Generator & Pitch Links 
(62,821) 
Dave Rodgers Additional Payout of Time from 2018 vs 50,000 salary 
(92,000) 
LSJE -JLG 600A Boom Lift 
(97,676) 
LSJE -John Deere 6130 Tractor and Loader 
(112,585) 
Insurance Premiums (homeowners and car) Zorro, Neptune & NES 
(117,998) 
LSJE -Genie 1256 Lull / Telehandler 
(167,491) 
Legal Fees-Scott Link 
(300,000) 
Miscellaneous 
(356,986) 
STC funding of Prytanne LLC (art partnership) 
(500,000) 
Seaford Avenue Capital - PB Investment - Auto Debt 
(1,018,402) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,400,000) 
Valar III Capital Call 
(2,500,000) 
Edwards Settlement 
(7,000,000)
Total Cash Activity - Items over 0 NCI 
(11,412,203) 
6- 
EFTA00811949
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
ImamIvo 
TO 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
GNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Merrill 
Stanley 
&nos 
Aintitriclo 
Totals 
Cash 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
3,994,064 
537,857 
299,452 
3,079,596 
8.384.084 
16,295.053 
The 2017 Catearer Trust 
13.653.978 
13.653.978 
Haze Trust 
12,869,961 
12,869.961 
Southern Financial LLC 
3,333.108 
100.838 2.262.901 
5,696,847 
JEE 
3,679,006 
222,701 
7,027 
3,908,734 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
2.233,088 
131.406 
1615,043 
3,879,536 
.03001146 Inc. 
3.275,394 
7009 
3,282,403 
LSJE LLC 
399.049 
326.721 
101.102 
826.872 
FT Real Estate 
800.970 
800,970 
Plan O LLC 
563.476 
563.476 
NES LLC 
425,793 
425.793 
Zorro Management LLC 
369.340 
369,340 
Neptune LLC 
363,748 
363,748 
Southern Country International LT 
381,849 
361,849 
Butterfly Trust 
357.420 
357.420 
Hyperion Air LLC 
249,348 
249,348 
Enhanced Education 
1.423 
112.016 
113,439 
JEGE LLC 
83,144 
83,144 
Thomas World Air LLC 
64,144 
64,144 
Nautlus Inc. 
53.837 
53,837 
Great St Jim LLC 
46,502 
46,502 
Madras Transportation Co LLC 
23.907 
23,907 
Freedom Air Petroleum 
22,512 
22,512 
Maple Inc. 
21.625 
21,625 
Laurel Inc. 
20,155 
20,155 
Cypress Inc. 
18.825 
18.825 
JEE • Parts (US Si 
7,574 
7,574 
LSJ LLC 
5,150 
5,150 
FSF LLC 
337 
337 
The JEE life Ins Trust #3 
206 
206 
IGO Company LLC 
Total Cash 
45,851,545 
2,777,612 
314,053 
101,102 
3,079,596 
1,515,043 8,484,922 2,262,901 
64,386,774 
EFTA00811950
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase Quantity 
12/31/18 
1131119 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Symbo 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
FIXED INCOME 
Haze Trust - Fixed income (DB) 
Citibank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000 
1,999.419 
2.071,380 
2,054,000 
54,581 
JP Morgan Chase 7.9% Pfd 4/30/2049 
05/10/11 2,160.000 
2,395,200 
52 584 
173 319 
-221,881 
Total Haze Trust - Fixed Income (DB) 
4,394,619 
4,223,964 
4,227,319 
-167,299 
Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
GM Financial 6.5% fixed to 9/30/18 Floats thereafter 
9/24/18 
250,000 
250,000 
215,628 
226.983 
-23,017 
Frontier Communications 7.125% Matures 3/15/2019 
10/02/17 1,000,000 
997.322 
993 479 
011 917 
595 
Total Gratitude America -Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
1,247,322 
1,209,107 
1,238,900 
-8,422 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed income (DB) 
Buckeye Partners Fixed to Boat 6.375% Callable 1/22/23 
1/25/18 1,000,000 
1,018,741 
840,626 
871,594 
-147,147 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
1,018,741 
840,626 
871,594 
-147,147 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
Bank of America 5.88% Pfd 12-31-2049 
03/08/18 1,000,000 
1,000,000 
927.299 
972,600 
-27 400 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
1,000,000 
927,299 
972,600 
-27,400 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers) 
Capital One 5.55% Faced to 9.1.2020 then 380 over 3 no libor 
5/14115 3,000,000 
3,009,819 
3,007,500 
3,020,160 
10,342 
Charles Schwab 6.0% Preferred 525 par 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,015,600 
1,048,800 
48,800 
Etrade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
10/11/16 3.000,000 
3,123,122 
2,785,200 
3,000,000 
-123,122 
Goldman Sachs 5.375% Fixed to 5-10-2020 then 392.2 over 3 no libor 
6/4/15 5,000,000 
5,034,346 
4,867,250 
5,006,250 
-28,096 
NGL Energy Partners 9%525 par 
6/6/17 
40,000 
1,000.000 
846,000 
920.800 
-79 200 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (interactive Brokers) 
13,167,287 
12,521,550 
12,996,010 
.1 71,277 
Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
Assurant Fixed to Float 7% March 2048 
3/29/18 
2,000,000 
2,039,653 
1,936,556 
1,948,222 
-91,431 
Citigroup Inc - Series 0 5.95% 
8/6/15 
3,000,000 
3,000,006 
2,962,433 
3,108,558 
108,552 
Citizens Communications 7.125% Mar 15 2019 
10/3/17 
1,000,000 
1,000,095 
993,479 
1,011,917 
11,822 
COFP 4.407 8/2019 Euro Bond 
9/12/18 
2,500,000 
2,921,428 
2,967,039 
2,990,360 
68,932 
Deutsche Bank AG 4.875% exp 12/1/2032 
6/1/18 
1,000,000 
868,256 
781,603 
851,125 
-17,131 
Deutsche Bank AG 4.296% exp 5/24/2028 
6/1/18 
1,000,000 
917,776 
850,215 
895,935 
-21,841 
Exetsinter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
10/24/17 
2,000,000 
1,940,506 
2,002,222 
2,008,889 
68,383 
Exelainter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
7/9/18 
1,000,000 
1,026,197 
1,001,111 
1,004,445 
-21,753 
General Electric Co GTD Fixed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
12/3/15 
2,469,000 
2,175,016 
1,582,080 
1,689,070 
485,946 
SMAC Cap TR I GTD Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
1,882,774 
2,028,000 
2,088,800 
206,026 
JIGS Investments 7.25% Apd 3 2024 
10/31/17 
2,000,000 
1,981,300 
2,051,062 
2,115,265 
133,965 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049
6/15/11 
1,100,000 
1,179,898 
1,096,223 
1,106,783 
-73,115 
JP Morgan Chase & Co Pfd 7.9% April 30 2049 
6(15/11 
2,500,000 
2,669,524 
2,491,417 
2,515,416 
-154,108 
Joyds Banking Group Capital 7.5% 12129/49 
5/21/13 1,903,000 
1,948,500 
1,837,600 
1,949,782 
1,282 
Southern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
1/30/12 
3,000,000 
2.997.261 
2.935.625 
2.913.750 
-83.511 
Total Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (DB) 
28,548,190 
27,516,666 
28,198,316 
-349,873 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
49.376,158 
47,239,211 48,504,739 
-871,419 
EQUITIES 
Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
kmazon 
AMZN 
4/2/18 
1.000 
1,395,441 
1,501,970 
1,718,730 
323.289 
ibaba Group 
BABA 
6/10/15 
5.000 
444,749 
685,350 
842,450 
397,701. 
Vole Inc 
AAPL 
12/7/17 
314,000 
53,321,627 
49.530.360 
52,262,160 
-1,059,467 
VP* Inc 
AAPL 
6/20/18 
50,000 
9,339,691 
7,887,000 
8,322,000 
-1,017,691 
apple Inc 
AAPL 
10/15/18 
40,000 
8,760,702 
6,309,600 
6,657,600 
-2,103,102 
%polo Global Management 
APO 
3/31/11 
263.157 
4,999,983 
6,457,873 
7,705,237 
2,705,254 
3logen Idec Inc 
BIIB 
2/14/12 
2,095 
250,455 
630,427 
699,269 
448,814 
;entene Corp _ 
CNC 
9/8/14 
15,550 
986,497 
1,792,915 
2,030,364 
1,043,867 
Caryopharm Therapeutics Inc 
KPTI 
7/12/18 
25.000 
467.106 
234.250 
211.750 
-255.356 
rota: Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
79,966,251 
75,029,745 
80,449,560 
483,309 
EFTA00811951
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase Quantity 
12/31/18 
1/31/19 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Symbol 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
KBW Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
11/16/17 
9,000 
503,167 
421,110 
476,640 
-26527 
Carvana 
CVNA 
9/4/18 
125,000 
8.255,075 
4,088.750 
4,643,750 
-3,611,325 
Exxon Mobil 
XOM 
10/15/18 
10,000 
813,881 
681,900 
732,800 
-81,081 
Facebook 
FB 
7/26/18 
20,000 
3,559,596 
2,621,800 
3.333,800 , 
-225,796 
0IH Od Services ETF 
0111 
5/16/18 
17,000 
490,376 
238,510 
286,790 
-203,586 
Euro Stu 50 edex due 3/27019 ssanirg Sus 39390kveside evestad 71570 
9/25/17 ref price 3555 
2,500,000 
2,394,675 
2.473,375 
-26,625 
Japan Banks Capped rote Exp Feb 1 2019175% barrier) 
1/25/18 
3,000,000 
2,280,000 
2,200,000 
-800,000 
Vortex Linked Note (sting S&P put spreads and buying MX calls) exp 4/9/201 
3/8/18 
3,000,000 
2,745,637 
2.962,279 
-37,721 
SVE market Plus Note Exp 4/26/2019 (72% barrier) 
10/24/17 
000.000 
1.968 900 
2121.03Q 
-878.979 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merrill) 
25,122,095 
17,441,282 19,230,464 -5,891,631 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
Broadcom 
AVGO 
4/17/18 
4,000 
1,002,093 
1,017,120 
- 
- 
Broadcom 
AVGO 
5/17/18 
4,000 
1,000,000 
1,017,120 
- 
- 
Goklman Sachs 
GS 
1/25/18 
1,850 
499,873 
309,043 
366,319 
-133.554 
General Dynamics 
GD 
2(7/18 
2,300 
501,381 
361,583 
393,691 
-107,690 
General Dynamics 
GD 
3/27/08 
3,450 
773,056 
542,375 
590,537 
-182,520 
General Dynamics 
GD 
5/7/08 
2.500 
491,250 
393,025 
427,925 
-63.325 
Lockheed Marlin 
LMT 
2/7/18 
1,400 
489,300 
366,576 
405,566 
-83,734 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
3/20/18 
2,100 
707,676 
549,864 
608,349 
-99,327 
Lockheed Martin 
LMT 
5/7/18 
1,500 
472,500 
392,760 
434,535 
-37,965 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
2/7/18 
1,470 
493,920 
360,003 
405,059 
-88,862 
Northtrop Grumman 
NOC 
3/28/18 
2,195 
760,159 
537,556 
604,832 
-155,327 
Nerthfrop Grumman 
NOC 
5/7/18 
1,500 
475,800 
367,350 
413,325 
-62,475 
OM Oil Services ETF 
OIH 
5/17/08 
17,000 
504,839 
238,510 
286,790 
-218,049 
Raytheon 
RTN 
2/7/18 
2,400 
498,840 
368,040 
395,424 
-103,416 
Raytheon 
RTN 
3/20/18 
3,600 
763,284 
552,060 
593,136 
-170.148 
Raytheon 
RTN 
5/7/18 
2,400 
491,880 
368,040 
395,424 
-96,456 
KBW Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
3/26/18 
20,000 
1.210.847 
935.800 
1.059.200 
-151,647 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (interactive Brokers 
11,136,698 
8,676,825 
7,380,111 4,754,494 
Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
General Electric 
GE 
10/23/17 
22,000 
491,068 
166,540 
223,520 
-267,548 
Microsoft 
MSFT 
9/6/18 
10,000 
1,113,704 
1,015,700 
1,044,300 
-69,404 
Century Link 
CTL 
9/6/18 
10,000 
212,233 
151,500 
153,200 
-59,033 
World Acceptance Group 
WRLD 
8/9/18 
10,000 
1,111,107 
022 600 
036 900 
-74 207 
total Gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
2,928,112 2,356,340 2,457,920 -470,192 
Haze Trust - Equities (DB) 
Carvana 
CVNA 
6/21/18 
25,000 
1,086,102 
817,750 
928,750 
-157,352 
GOogle 
GOOG 
2/2/18 
2,000 
2,222,173 
2,071,220 
2,232,740 
10,567 
Google 
GOOD 
12/5/17 
1,000 
1,014,015 
1,035,610 
1,116,370 
102,355 
United Technologies 
UTX 
6/21/18 
15,000 
1.882.944 
1.597.200 
1.771,093 
-111.894 
Haze Trust- Total Equities (DES) 
6,205,234 5,521,780 6,048,910 -156,324 
J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
3ristol Myers Squibb 
8MY 
10/30/15 
1,000 
227,604 
176,732 
49,370 
-178,234 
Disney 
DIS 
10/30/15 
685 
78.100 
75.110 
76.391 
-1.709 
Total J Epstein VI Foundation - Equities (DB) 
305,704 
251,842 
125,761 -179,943 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
125,664,094 
109,277,814 
115,692,726 
-7,969,275 
EFTA00811952
--- PAGE 6 ---
12/31/18 
1/31/19 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds- Southern Financla (SFLLC) 
Omit 50mrs • > Onm 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
46,082,499 
46,718A37 
1.38% 
1.38% withdrew, aim warn 
Boothbay Enhanced Fund 
678 772 
840 794 
2.11% 
2.11% Enh Fob f2018statt 
Total Hedge Funds-SFLLC 
53,761,271 
54,559,232 
2016 Mum 3.77% 
2017 Mum 15.5% 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
2013 mum 44 WIRRIL 
7017 velum of milli% 2616117 rolanotinfts psi 
King Street - Illiquid Special Investment 
2,194.432 
2,1cI9 A89
--.,...-- 
2/13/2018 54.303 
4/15 2WW03 
4/27116 %%7.954 paid 
Hedge Funds -Haze 
2,194,432 
2,192,862 
3/14/3016 ILorr 
6115 113,564 
7127716 9%2.924 paid 
4/31216 37.263 
W13 2.738 
10/27/16 6.116.961 paid 
2guanducLaLcanlis 
icrunoie 675.469 
41161201937%2W 
'W121%370 
1/27117 398044 paid 
1/11/2019 1.570 
11/1612018 22.933 
6/7/2013 67.976 
11/9 %OW 
2316 Mum 4.68% 
12/13/2016 00.116 
7/161201$ 435 
Hedge Funds - STC 
InIttal Inv Xmm 431/111 
Honeycomb 
47.258_044 
49.101.108 
3.90% 
3.90% added 15nm 6121118 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
47,258,044 
49,101,108 
Mad lAwn9/2111/13 
201601 0 4I% (0 mod) 
Total Hedge Funds 
103,213,747 105,853,201 
277 /Mum 21.0% 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
Grat 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
Investments 
SFL 
Kyara II (investment amount) 
marked to $0 in Sep 2018 
Kyara IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount less 30k distribution 4/20/18) 
970,000 
Plytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,500,000 
Jawbone Investment (prat) 
1,000,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000,000 
sic 
Seaford Avenue Capital - PB Investment - Auto Debt (total comm 2.6mm) 
2,318,126 
Adfin Solutions (investment amoun ) 
875,000 
butterfly trust 
Park Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
Paid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston, NJ i 
3,000,000 
Coinbase via Grat (50% sold for $15mm Feb 2018) 
sic 
1,500,500 
Reporty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
Valar Global Fund II (amount funded vs 15mm convniument) 
14,250,000 
W30/2018FMV21,165,482 
FFMV as of 12-31-2018 40,750,000 
cunwlat• IRR thru 940.2013 
313% 
Valar Global Fund III (amount funded vs 25mm comrnittment) 
23,500,000 
, r. 
930/2018 F mV 33,165,591 
FMV as of 12-31 2018 49,690.000 
CV millathes IRR lbw S-30-2014 
542% 
Totals 
1,000,000 
3,000,000 
44,663,126 
1,500,500 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
56,643,626 
I 
EFTA00811953
--- PAGE 7 ---
Hyperion 
JEGE 
Plan D 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
LLC 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
1,000.000 
1,000,000 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV N212JE 
2.900,000 
2.900,000 
2008 G550 
14,000,000 
14,000,000 
Automobiles 
250,000 
250,000 
Boats 
200,000 
200,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
1,000,000 
2,900,000 14,000,000 
450,000 18,350,000 
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
JEGE Inc. 
FIRE 
Totals 
Loans Receivable 
Nina Keita rensztow on re joo sae 15CK) 
150,000 
150,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100,000 
100,000 
Nick Ribis 
150,000 
150,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
David Mitchell 
243,700 
660,000 
903,700 
Osboume Lane Capital (Paul B) 
1,000,000 
1,000.000 
20,000 
303,262 
323,262 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
7,750,000 
7,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
Bella Klein 
115,000 
115,000 
Lesley 
410,000 
410.000 
David Rodgers 
60,000 
60,000 
Mervin 
10,000 
ome 
133,000 
133,000 
Darren Indyke 
475,000 
475.000 
Richard Kahn 
475,000 
475,000 
LV Home & Other 
1,457,000 
175,000 
1,632,000 
650,064 
650,064 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,793,210 11,520,000 
950,000 2,096,262 17,359,472 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
Cello 
175,000 
175,000 
Pagano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
2.73 Carrot Emerald Cut Diarmad - insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Watches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
Fine Arts Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
Total Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 
3,050,000 
9,900,000 
Loan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
(20,500,000) 
(20,500,000) 
EFTA00811954

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811955.pdf
----------------------------------------
LARGE CABIN GULFSTREAM MARKET UPDATE 
INC 
Performance. Integrity. Reputation. 
FOURTH QUARTER 2018 
GULFSTREAM NEWS 
Gulfstream has taken the crown of most popular aircraft with 66 new G650/650ERs delivering in 2018. The demand across the 
industry continues to lean more towards larger cabin aircraft. For the first time ever, there are more large cabin aircraft in service than 
there are small cabin aircraft (8,036 vs 7,963). Additionally, the number of aircraft wholly owned in North America continues to climb 
(13,741 aircraft currently) while all other regions of the world have shown moderate declines in aircraft ownership since 2016. 
The recent volatility in the equity markets and a potential slowdown in the global economy gave reason for domestic and 
international buyers alike to take a step back and pause in December. However, the U.S. market remains strong and many of the 
pm-owned aircraft that are coming to market now, are the result of owners purchasing new aircraft. The supply of available 
pm-owned aircraft rose slightly in O4 2018, currently at 6.1% of in-service fleet for sale. However, this is still below the historical 
average and well below the peak of 14% available in Q4 2009. Inventory of aircraft 10-years old or newer has tightened considerably, 
with 390 aircraft currently available as opposed to approximately 700 aircraft for sale in 2016 (5% and 11% of the in-service fleet 
respectively), 
new GS00s have delivered in Q4 2018, including its first international G500 which delivered in December. The international 
delivery was to Qatar Airways who received two G500s that will join a fleet consisting of five G650/ER already in service. Gulfstream 
was hoping to certify the G600 before the end of last year, but has run into some delays. They hope to soon get back on track with 
certification and customer deliveries within the first half of 2019. 
Lastly, although this has not been confirmed by Gulfstream directly, it has been reported by an Israeli media source that the board of 
Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. (IAI) has approved development of a new executive jet. which Gulfstream will market and complete 
as they do with the G280. The new aircraft, would eventually replace the G280 which it has been producing since 2012. 
S 
A vpro is Averaging 
Gulfstream 
Transactions per Year! 
AVPRO. INC. 
900 Bestgate Road. Suite 412 
Annapolis. Maryland 21401 
410.573.1515 
Fax: 410.573.1919 
(-marl.
©©0 
EFTA00811955
--- PAGE 2 ---
Large Cabin Gulf:a:earn Market Update 
Page 2 
G650/G650ER MARKET 
• 
Q4 ended with 11 G650s on the market (including four aircraft under contract). This represents 3% of the in-service fleet for 
sale, and is consistent with inventory levels from 04 2017. 
• Current asking prices range from $44.25M for a 2013 model with dose to 1,000 hours to $66.8M for a 2017 ER model with 
nearly 500 hours. 
• 
Year to date there have been 19 G650/ER transactions with international buyers expressing slightly more interest vs U.S. 
buyers. 58% of the G650/ER sales in 2018 were acquired by international buyers, while U.S. buyers represent 42% of the 
pre-owned 6650 acquisitions in 2018. 
• 
The vast majority of buyers continue to lean heavily towards aircraft configured with the forward galley and forward crew rest 
configuration that are priced in the mid $50M or less. In 2018. 68% of the G650/ER that were sold were configured with the 
forward galley, crew rest configuration. 
• 
Supply has been relatively steady in 2018. During Q4 2018, there were five pre-owned transactions, four of which were 
G650ER. Selling prices ranged from $42M to $49M. 
Jan-18 
Feb-18 Mar-18 Apr-18 May-18 Jun-18 
Jul-18 
Aug-18 Sep-18 Oct-18 Nov-18 Dec-18 
mi Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold ♦Avg Asking Price 
G550 MARKET 
560.000 
558.000 2 
556.000 2
$54.003 
552.000 
550.000 
548.000 
• 
Q4 ended with 29 G55Os on the market, including five aircraft under contract, representing 6% of the in-service fleet. Inventory 
has risen 31% since Q4 2017. 
• 
Current asking prices range from $15.95M fora 2006 model 6500 with close to 5.000 hours to $35M fora 2015 model G550 
with just under 1,000 hours. 
• 
During Q4 2018 there were a total of eight transactions, seven fewer transactions than in Q3 2018. 
• 
Although activity has slowed and inventory is now on the rise, there were 44 total transactions in 2018, six more when 
compared to 2017. 
• 
U.S. buyers continue to far outnumber the international buyers. In Q4, 86% of the G550 sold were sold to U.S. buyers. Similar 
to the G650 market, preference continues to be for a U.S. pedigree aircraft configured with a forward galley and forward crew 
rest configuration. 72% of the G550s sold in 04 were configured with crew rest, of which 57% were configured with the 
forward galley and 43% were aft galley configured. It's worth pointing out that some operators still operate their aircraft on 
FAR 135 without a forward crew rest. Not having this crew rest, the aircraft is configured with a very spacious 4-zone seating 
area (as compared to a 3-zone seating area with a forward crew rest). 
Jan-18 
Feb-18 Mar-18 Apr-18 May-18 Jun-18 
Jul-18 
Aug-18 Sep-18 Oct-18 Nov-18 Dec-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
♦Avg Asking Price 
530.000 . 
528.000 2 
526.000 
524.000 
522.000 
EFTA00811956
--- PAGE 3 ---
Large Cabin Gulfstream Markel Update 
Page 3 
GV MARKET 
• Q4 ended with 15 GVs on the market, (including four aircraft under contract) representing 8% of the in-service fleet currently 
available. This represents a 32% decline in inventory since 04 2017. 
• 
Current asking prices range from $7.9M for a 1996 model with nearly 7,000 hours to $12.25M for a 2002 model with just under 
5,500 hours. 
• Activity decreased in 03 with only two GV transactions, but has increased in 04 by four GV transactions. Sold prices ranged 
from $10M to $11.5M. Supply decreased by half since January 2018, when there were 22 aircraft available for sale, but has 
since risen again. In Q1 and Q2 2018 alone there were 15 GVs total transactions. The increased activity was mainly due to 
buyers not finding G550 options below $20M. 
■ 
II 
a 
I 
ll 
a 
a 
Jan-18 Feb-18 Mar-18 Apr-18 May-18 Jun-18 Jul-18 Aug-18 Sep-18 Oct-18 Nov-18 Dec-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
=Aircraft Sold 
-Avg Asking Price 
G450 MARKET 
$10.600 
S10.400 E 
510.200 
510.000 
$9.800 
$9.600 
$9.400 
59.200 
59.000 
• 04 ended with 19 G450s on the market, (including five aircraft under contract) representing 6% of the in-service fleet. This 
represents a 20% decline in inventory since Q4 2017. 
• 
Current asking prices range from $8.5M for a 2007 model with nearly 6,400 hours with no engine programs to $22.75M for a 
2016 model with 900 hours. 
• In Q4 2018 there were 16 transactions, twice the number of transactions vs Q3 2018. Sold prices range from $10.5M to $21M. 
• 
Similar to the larger cabin Gulfstream markets, there is limited pre-owned inventory to choose from. The majority of the buyers 
are expressing interest in mid to low end of the market that can be purchased for under $15M. 
a"
 Ca
MEM 
ri al II 
III ill 
!I MI .5 
Jan-18 Feb-18 Mar-18 Apr-18 May-18 Jun-18 Jul-18 Aug-18 Sep-18 Oct-18 Nov-18 Dec-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
IIII Aircraft Sold 
-Avg Asking Price 
517.500 e 
517.00o 2 
516.500 2
516.000 
515.500 
515.000 
514.500 
514.000 
513.500 
513.000 
I 
AVPRO, INC. 
410.573.1515 
900 Bestgate Road, Suite 412 
Fax. 410.573.1919 
Annapolis. Maryland 21401 
E-mail. 
EFTA00811957
--- PAGE 4 ---
Large Cabin Gullet:earn Market Update 
Page 4 
GIVSP/G400 MARKET 
• 
ended with 27 GIV-SPs on the market, (including four aircraft under contract) representing 8% of the in-service fleet. This 
demonstrates a 22% decline in inventory since 04 2017. 
• 
Current asking prices range from $1.25M for a 1992 with nearly 10,000 hours to $6.95M for a 2003 G400 model with 
approximately 6,000 hours, FANS and new paint and interior. 
• 
There were 10 transactions in 04, 3 more compared to Q3. Sold prices range from $2.1M to $5.4M. 
• 
Much of the interest has been with aircraft that are not viewed as a project aircraft. The issue that most of the sellers have is that 
given the age of the aircraft, there is often a lot of work that needs to be done in order to property update the aircraft to today's 
standards. The aircraft with 'everything done are selling at a premium whereas the aircraft that need major maintenance or 
expensive avionics and paint and inters refurbishment are selling at a heavy discount 
Jan-18 
Feb-18 
Mar-18 
Apr-18 May-18 
Jun-18 
Jul-18 
Aug-18 
Sep-18 
Oct-18 
Nov-18 
Dec-18 
=Aircraft for Sale 
NIAircra ft Sold 
-Avg Asking Price 
54.800 , 
S 
54.600 
$4 400 
54.200 
54.000 
53.800 
AVPRO, INC. "WHO WE ARE" 
Avpro is one of the largest international aircraft brokerage and acquisition firms in the world. With our extensive aviation sales 
experience, we are able to consistently achieve annual gross sales in excess of $1 billion. By leveraging over 28 years of experience 
and cuftivating strong relationships throughout the industry, we are able to capitalize on trends as they emerge. With a professional 
team of specialists in research, marketing, contract negotiations, and closings, we are able to give each client the confidence needed to 
navigate the complexities of each transaction. 
KEVIN WHITE-GULFSTREAM SPECIALIST 
 KEVIN WHITE is the Avpro Gulfstream Market Specialist. 
Kevin brings to Avpro a unique and in-depth knowledge of not only real time market condition expertise, but also 
operational, technical and economic aspects of private jet ownership. After joining the industry in 2001, he quickly 
excelled in many facets such as aircraft sales, operation, management. Kevin is also an ATP pilot with a type rating in 
the Hawker 800/800XP. 
VALERIE PEREIRA-GULFSTREAM ANALYST 
VALERIE PEREIRA is the Avpro Gulfstream Market Analyst. 
Valerie offers a unique and in-depth knowledge of sales and acquisitions as well as the operational, technical and 
economic aspects of aircraft ownership. Valerie began her career as an international researcher for AMSTAT, 
subsequently moving into a Sales support role for Regourd Aviation then Executive Sales Director for the Bell Helicopter 
market at Heli-Asset. Valerie is fluent in English, Portuguese, Spanish, French & Italian. 
MEBAN 
DA 
; 
C(AnstIO 
I 
AVPRO, INC. 
410.573.1515 
900 Bestgate Road, Suite 412 
Fax: 410.573.1919 
Annapolis. Maryland 21401 
E•illail' 
OOO 
EFTA00811958

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811959.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gary R. Taman 
Partner 
1177 Avenue aline Americas 
T 
New Yak. NY 10036 
F 
TF 
February 22, 2019 
MAPLE, INC. 
E. 71ST ST. 
NEW YORK NY 10021-4102 
Re: 
The Frick Collection, I East 70th Street (Block 1385. Lot1) 
BSA Cal. No. 2018.171-BZ 
Dear Property Owner: 
On behalf of The Frick Collection ("The Frick"), we are sending you the 
enclosed notice fora public hearing at the NYC Board of Standards and 
Appeals ("BSA") on The Frick's application for a zoning variance. The variance 
would allow for an addition to The Frick's existing museum and library buildings. 
A proposed addition would allow The Frick to provide more space for the 
display of art by opening up a portion of the second floor of the original home to 
the public as galleries, modernize and expand its art and book conservation 
facilities, create an education center and new auditorium, and improve visitor 
circulation and amenities, including ADA-accessibility throughout the building. 
The Frick's existing building was developed decades before the current zoning 
regulations were adopted; as a result, it contains a number of zoning non-
compliances that would be increased with the proposed addition, necessitating 
an application to the BSA for a zoning variance. 
The proposed addition would total 11.095 net square feet of above-grade 
building area, which is only an approximately 11 percent increase above the 
existing building's above-grade area (100,295 square feet). The proposed 
addition would not alter the facades of the Frick's original home fronting on Fifth 
Avenue, and The Frick's Fifth Avenue and 70th Street gardens would be 
preserved. The Landmarks Preservation Commission voted to approve the 
proposed addition on June 26, 2018. A model of the proposed addition is 
available for viewing in the Frick's galleries. 
KRAMER LEVIN NAFTALIS S FRANKEL LIP 
PARIS I NEW YORK I SIUCON VALLEY 
KW 3200590.2 
EFTA00811959
--- PAGE 2 ---
Febuoy 22.2019 
We would very much appreciate your support for the application. A form 
for objection or consent is attached to the hearing notice. Per the attached 
instructions, the form may be returned to the BSA. 
The BSA public hearing will be held on Wednesday. March 20. 2019. 10:00 
AM In Spector Hat 22 Reade Skeet. Mant.pttan• If your property is a cooperative 
or condominium, please notify all tenants in the manner customarily employed 
by the cooperative or condominium. 
If you have any questions 
'cation or the public henrinn 
Il
se feel free to contact me at 
or Jeff Mulligan at 
•
Sincere 
Gary R. Tarno 
Kl3 3200590.2 
EFTA00811960
--- PAGE 3 ---
NYC Board of Standards and Appeals 
Public Hearing Announcement 
Dear: Owner/Tenant 
Residing at:9 EAST 71 STREET 
Owner/Tenant of Block No. Lot No. Block 1386, Lot 10 
Community Board No.: 8M 
This letter is to advise you that your neighbor, located at 1 East 7Oth Street, has an application with 
the Board of Standards and Appeals ("BSA") and is scheduled for a Public Hearing *Wednesday, March 
20, 2019, at the 10:00 A.M. session of the BSA, in *Spector Hall. 22 Reade Street, Manhattan. You are 
invited to attend the public hearing, where you will be given an opportunity to testify, if you wish. 
The property is referenced by the following BSA Calendar number: 2018-171-BZ 
The owner of I East 70th Street, seeks the following modification(s) to the land use regulations: 
Variance (§72-21) to permit an addition to an existing museum and library buildings (The 
Frick Collection) contrary to ZR §24-591 (height); ZR §24-11 (lot coverage); ZR §§24-33 and 
24-382 (rear yard equivalent) and ZR §§23-661 and 23-662 (street wall location and setback). 
RIO (Special Park Improvement District), RSB (Limited Height District 1-A) Upper East Side 
Historic District and an individual New York City Landmark. 
You may complete the enclosed Form for Objection and Consent. 
It must be notarized and the 
consenter/objector must identify the address of his or her residence. Forms may be filed in person (by 
scheduling an appointment with BSA), emailed to SubmitaAhsa.nvc.gov, or mailed to the New York City 
Board of Standards and Appeals, 250 Broadway, 20 floor, New York, New York 10007. The form should 
be received at the BSA office at least five (5) days prior to the public hearing. 
The referenced application may be reviewed by appointment at the BSA's office, Monday through Friday, 
9:00 am to 4:00 pm. To 
pointment or to obtain subsequent information regarding additional 
hearing dates, please call 
and reference BSA Calendar Number: 2018-171-BZ. A copy of the 
application is also available for review at your local Community Board office. 
If this notice is received by the business office of a cooperative or condominium, please notify all tenants of 
the cooperative or condominium in the office's customary manner and post the hearing notice in the common 
areas. 
This notice Ls published by the applicant In accordance with the BSA's Rules of practice and procedure. 
Applicant: 
Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel, LLP 
Property Owner: The Frick Collection 
r
Dated: : c 4 
c 
,Applicant 
*  Please confirm hearing location by visitiot www.nvcstovibsa or contact 
The BZ calendar win immallately_follow the SOC and A calendars. Please note that sulmerment hearings for this 
jwollcatIon mint be scbabtled at 10:NAM, 
EFTA00811961
--- PAGE 4 ---
Board of Standards 
and Appeals 
Margery Perlmutter 
Chair/Commissioner 
250 Broadway. 29th Floor 
New 
07-2516 
Tel 
Fa 
Website C www.nyc.goWbsa 
FORM FOR OBJECTION OR CONSENT 
The NYC Board of Board of Standards and Appeals has scheduled a public hearing on the 
following application: 
Cal. No.: 
2018-171-BZ 
Address: 
East 70th Street, Block 1385, Lot 1, Borough of Manhattan. 
Applicant: 
Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel, LLP, for The Frick Collection, owner. 
You may complete the Affidavit provided below and indicate whether you consent or object 
to the application. 
Name: 
I am the owner of or lessee at the following: 
Address: 
K 
I support the application. 
K 
I object to the application for the following reasons (attach additional paper if 
necessary). 
Sign Here 
Sworn to before me this 
day 
Of 
Notary 
EFTA00811962

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811963.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
2/28/2019 
EFTA00811963
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - FEBRUARY 28, 2019 
1/31/19 
2/28/19 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
64,386,774 
85,206,240 
20,819,466 
Fixed Income 
48,504,739 
34,254,173 (14,250,566) 
Equities 
115,692,727 
111,516,104 
(4,176,623) 
Hedge Funds 
106,253,079 
109,761,209 
3,508,130 
Investments 
56,643,626 
56,643,626 
-
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
18,350,000 
18,850,000 
500,000 
Loans Receivable 
17,359,472 
17,459,472 
100,000 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
9,900,000 
9,900,000 
-
Loan Payable - BJAV 
(20,500,000) 
(20,500,000) 
Teta! Assets 
416,590,417 
423,090,824 
6,500,407 
Cash Activity - Items over 45,000 
STC IB Capital One 5.55% Fixed to 9-1-2020 
3,054,899 
SFL DB Sold 2,500m COFP 4.407 08/06/19 at 101.275 Euros 
3,028,507 
Vortex Linked Note (selling S&P put spreads and bu ing VIX calls) 
2,943,000 
SFL DB Southern Cal Edison 6.25% 
2,811,244 
Japan Banks Capped Note Exp Feb 1 2019 
2,196,813 
3FL DB Centene Corp sold 15,550 shares at 127.35888 
1,979,777 
SFL DB General Electric Co GTD 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
1,707,170 
Gratitude sold 10k WRLD @ 109.2641 
1,092,641 
)ividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions 
948,500 
3TC IB NGL Energy Partners 9% $25 par 
944,000 
3FL DB Deutsche Bank AG 4.296% exp 5/24/2028 
887,901 
3TC DB Buckeye Partners Fixed to Float 6.375% 
861,213 
3FL DB Deutsche Bank AG 4.875% exp 12/1/2032 
823,244 
3ratitude sold GM Financial 6.5% fixed to 9/30/28 
231,268 
Gratitude sold 10k CTL Co? 14.26 
142,600 
inhanced DB Sold DIS 685 Shares at 111.413 
76,318 
.'.rihanced DB Sold BMY 1000 Shares at 49.58802 
49,588 
)avid Mitchell 
(100,000) 
3utteryfly Trust to Karyna 
(150,000) 
.01 East 66th Street Annual Expenses including storage units 
(245,100) 
Aiscellaneous 
(314,116) 
egal Fees - Martin Weinberg 
(350,000) 
;76 Deposit 
(500,000) 
Aonthly Spending 
(1,300,000) 
20,819,466 
7otal Cash Activity - Items over 45,000 
EFTA00811964
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche 
First 
Banco Pop 
Wells 
Morgan 
Intersah* 
TO 
Asset Description 
Bank 
Bank 
SNP Paribas 
Fargo 
Merrill 
Stanley 
Bowan 
Am•rltne• 
Totals 
Cash 
Southern Fmancial LLC 
24.754.423 
100,838 5.839.411 
30,694,672 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
2.858.177 
410,169 
299,452 
8.219.409 
12,401,541 
24,188,748 
The 2017 Catepilar Trust 
12.121,319 
12,121,319 
JEE 
5.185.033 
243.403 
7,027 
5,415,463 
Gratitude America, Ltd. 
364,494 
4,933,386 
5,347,880 
LSJE LLC 
283,494 
879,553 
571,387 
1,734,414 
FT Real Estate 
800,945 
800,945 
Hyperion Air LLC 
749,348 
749,348 
Plan D LLC 
563,476 
563,476 
Maple Inc. 
471,600 
471,600 
Neptune LLC 
334,959 
334.959 
Great St jr LLC 
293,703 
293,703 
NES LLC 
281,171 
281,171 
Southern Country International LTD 
276,849 
276,849 
Zone Management LLC 
271,906 
271.906 
Laurel Inc. 
270,155 
270,155 
Thomas World Air LLC 
263,404 
263.404 
Michelin Transportation Co LLC 
223,907 
223,907 
Butterfly Trust 
207,578 
207,578 
Nautlus Inc. 
203.837 
203,837 
QYPress Inc. 
193.775 
193,775 
Enhanced Educatbn 
162.309 
162,309 
JEGE LLC 
83,144 
83,144 
lireedorn Air Petroleum 
22.512 
22,512 
JEE • Pans MO FM Richards (shown in US 5) 
16,374 
16,374 
Jaspers Inc. 
7.009 
7.009 
.SJ LLC 
5,150 
5.150 
:SF LLC 
337 
337 
fhe JEE Life Ins Trust N3 
206 
206 
GO Company LLC 
-laze Trust 
. .. 
rota/ Cash 
47,674,234 
5,093,201 
322,853 
571,367 
8,219,409 
4,983,386 
12.502.375 5,139,411 
85,206,240 
EFTA00811965
--- PAGE 4 ---
Purchase Quantity 
1/31/19 
2128/19 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Yield 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
FIXED INCOME 
3ratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
3M Financial 6.5% fixed to 9/30/28 
8.500% 
9/24/18 
250,000 
• 
226,983 
- 
:rontier Communications 7.125% Matures 3/15/2019 
7.125% 
10/02/17 1,000,000 
997.372 
011 917 
031 010 
688 
Total Gratitude America - Fixed Income (Morgan Stanley) 
997,322 
1,238,900 
1,031,010 
33,688 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
kokeye Partners Rue to Root 8.375% Callable 1/22/23 
1/25/18 1,000,000 
• 
871,594 
- 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (DB) 
- 
871,594 
Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
lank of America 5.88% Rd 12-31.2049 
5.880% 
03/08/18 1,000,000 
1,000,000 
972,600 
985,800 
-14 200 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Merrill) 
1,000,000 
972,600 
985,800 
-14,200 
iouthern Trust Co. - Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers) 
lspital One 5.55% Fixed to 9-1-2020 then 380 over 3 rno ;tor 
5/14/15 3,000,000 
- 
3,020,160 
- 
:banes Schwab 6.0% Profaned 625 par 
8.000% 
7/27/15 
40,000 
1,000,000 
1,048,800 
1,067,600 
57,600 
'grade Financial 5.875% fixed to 9-15-2026 then floats 
5.875% 
10/11/16 3,000,000 
3,123,122 
3,000,000 
3,043,050 
-80,072 
;oldrren Sachs 5.375% Fixed to 5-10-2020 then 392.2 over 3 rro libor 5.375% 
6/4/15 5.000,000 
5,034,346 
5,006,250 
5,048,150 
13,804 
JGL Energy Partners 9% 325 par 
6/6/17 
40,000 
920.800 
- 
rota/ Southern Trust Co. -Fixed Income (Interactive Brokers) 
9,157,468 
12,996,010 
9,148,800 
-8,668 
itlythem Financial LLC • Fixed Income (TO) 
tssurant Fixed to Float 7% March 2048 
7.000% 
3/29/18 
2,000.000 
2,039,653 
1,948,222 
1,960,000 
-79,653 
;itigroup Inc - Series 0 5.95% 
5.950% 
8/6/15 
3,000,000 
3,000,006 
3,108,558 
3,037,500 
37,494 
Citibank Preferred Ser K 6.875% 
6.875% 
2/3/14 
79,000 
1,999,419 
2,054,000 
2,137,740 
138,321 
:wizens Communications 7.125% Mar 15 2019 
7.125% 
10/3/17 
1,000,000 
1,000,095 
011 917 
998,750 
-1,345 
;OPP 4.407 8/2019 Euro Bond 
9/12/18 
2,500,000 
- 
2,990,360 
)eutsche Bank AG 4.875% exp 12/112032 
6/1/18 
1,000,000 
- 
851,125 
- 
kiutedie Bank AG 4.296% exp 5/24/2028 
611/18 
1,000,000 
- 
895,935 
- 
izelainter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
10.00% 
10/24/17 
2,000,000 
1,940,506 
2,008,889 
2,040,000 
99,494 
Exelainter LLC 10% July 15 2023 
10.00% 
7/9/18 
1,000,000 
1,028,197 
1,004,445 
1,020,000 
-6,197 
tenni Electric Co GTO Fixed to Float 4.0% Dec 15 2065 
12/3/15 
1.689,070 
- 
MAC Cap TR I GTO Pfd Sec Ser 2 8 
2/22/12 
80,000 
1,882,774 
2,088,800 
2,079,200 
196,426 
BS Investments 7.25% AprN 3 2024 
7.250% 
10/31/17 
2,000,000 
1,981,300 
2,115,265 
2,066,020 
84,720 
P. Morgan Chase & Co Rd 7.9% Aprd 30 2049 
7.900% 
6/15/11 
5,760,000 
6,244,622 
5,795,518 
5,787,360 
-457,262 
byds Banking Group Capital 7.5% 12/29/49 
7.500% 
5/21/13 1,903,000 
1,948,500 
1,949,782 
1,961,993 
13,493 
icuthern Cal Edison 6.25% Dec 31 2049 
6.250% 
1/30/12 
3,000,000 
- 
2.913.7Q 
Q 
"otal Southern Financial LLC - Fixed Income (TD) 
23,063,072 
32,425,635 
23,088,563 
25,492 
-OTAL FIXED INCOME 
34,217,862 
48,504,739 34,254,173 
36,311 
EQUITIES 
:out hem Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
pple Inc 
AAPL 
12/7/17 
224,000 
38,038,358 
37,282,560 
38.785.600 
747,242 
:entene Corp 
CNC 
9/8/14 
15,550 
- 
2.030.364 
btal Southern Financial LLC - Equities (DB) 
38,038,358 
39,312,924 
38,785,600 
747,242 
buthem Financial LLC - Equities (TD) 
:' 
ihaba Group 
BABA 
6/10/15 
5,000 
444,749 
842,450 
915,150 
470,401 
mazon 
AMZN 
4/2/18 
1,000 
1,395,441 
1,718,730 
1,639,830 
244,389 
pple Inc 
AAPL 
6/20/18 
50.000 
9,339,691 
8,322,000 
8,657,500 
-682,191 
poi° Inc 
AAPL 
10/15/18 
40,000 
8,760,702 
6,657,600 
6,926,000 
-1,834,702 
pple Inc 
AAPL 
12/7/17 
90,000 
15,283,269 
14,979,600 
15,583,500 
300,231 
polio Global Management 
APO 
3/31/11 
263,157 
4,999,983 
7,705,237 
7,710,500 
2,710 517 
boon Idec Inc 
BilB 
2/14/12 
2.095 
250,455 
699,269 
687,181 
436,726 
arvana 
CVNA 
6/21/18 
25,000 
1,086,102 
928,750 
121 500 
35,398 
cog* 
GOOG 
2/2/18 
2,000 
3,236,188 
3,349,110 
3,359,760 
123,572 
aneopharm Therapeutics Inc 
Kvn 
7/12/18 
25,000 
467,106 
211,750 
103,250 
-363,856 
need Technologies 
UTX 
6/21/18 
15,000 
1.882.944 
1.771,050 
1.885.050 
2.106 
otal Southern Financial LLC - Equities (TD) 
47.146,630 
47,185,546 48,589,221 1,442,591 
EFTA00811966
--- PAGE 5 ---
Purchase Quantity 
1/31/19 
2/28119 
Unrealized 
Asset Description 
Yield 
Date 
Cost 
Value 
Value 
Gain (Loss) 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merril° 
<8W Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
11/16/17 
9,000 
503,167 
476,640 
509,490 
6,323 
Darvana 
CVNA 
9/4/18 
125,000 
8,255,075 
4,643,750 
5,607,500 
-2,647,575 
Exxon Mobil 
XOM 
10/15/18 
10,000 
813,881 
732,800 
790,300 
-23,581 
:acebook 
FB 
7/26/18 
20.000 
3,559,596 
3,333,800 
3,229,000 
-330,596 
DIN Oil Services ETF 
OIH 
5/16/18 
17,000 
490,376 
286,790 
290,700 
-199,676 
aro alma FA Index eke Y27f1019 oar dna value Me (downekle eveetdd 73.9%) 
9/25/17 net wise asss 
2,500,000 
2,473,375 
7478,275 
-21,725 
Japan Banks Capped Note Exp Feb 1 2019 (75% barrier) 
1/25/18 
- 
2,200,000 
- 
/ones Linked Note Being SSP put spreads and buying VIX taus) exo4/9/01i 
3/8/18 
2,962,279 
- 
(X7E Market Plus Note Ey 4/26/2019 (72% barrier( 
10/24/17 
3,999_999 
2171.030 
gazzaa 
-913.71Q 
Total Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Merril0 
19,122,095 
19,230,464 14,991,555 -4,130,540 
Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers) 
3oldman Sachs 
GS 
1/25/18 
1,850 
499,873 
366 319 
363,895 
-135,978 
3eneral Dynamics 
GD 
2/7/18 
2,300 
501,381 
393,691 
391,506 
-109,875 
3eneral Dynamics 
GD 
3/27/08 
3,450 
773,056 
590,537 
587,259 
-185,797 
3eneral Dynamics 
GD 
5/7/08 
2.500 
491,250 
427,925 
425,550 
-65,700 
.ockheed Martin 
LMT 
2/7/18 
1,400 
489,300 
405,566 
433,174 
-56,128 
.ockheed Marlin 
LMT 
3/20/18 
2,100 
707,676 
608,349 
649,761 
-57,915 
.ockheed Martin 
LIST 
5/7/18 
1.500 
472,500 
434,535 
464,115 
-8,385 
•lorthtrop Grumman 
NOC 
2/7/18 
1,470 
493,920 
405,059 
426,241 
-67,679 
4orthtrop Grumman 
NOC 
328/18 
2095 
760,159 
604,832 
636,462 
-123,697 
JOrthlt00 Grumman 
NOC 
5/7/18 
1,500 
475,800 
413,325 
434,940 
-40,860 
)911Dil Services ETF 
OIH 
5/17/08 
17,000 
504,839 
286,790 
290,700 
-214,139 
kaYtheon 
RTN 
2/7/18 
2,400 
498,840 
395,424 
447,600 
-51.240 
leytheon 
RTN 
3/20/18 
3,600 
763,284 
593,136 
671,400 
-91,884 
taytheon 
RTN 
5/7/18 
2,400 
491,880 
395,424 
447,600 
-44,280 
(8W Regional Bank ETF 
KRE 
3/26/18 
20,000 
1.210.847 
1.059.200 
1.172 000 
-88.847 
rota/ Southern Trust Co. - Equities (Interactive Brokers 
9,134,605 
7,380,112 
7,792,203 -1,342,401 
I-rat/rude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
3eneral Electric 
GE 
10/23/17 
22,000 
491,068 
223,520 
228,580 
-262,488 
Aicrosoft 
MSFT 
9/6/18 
10,000 
1,113,704 
1,044,300 
1,120,300 
6,596 
3entury Link 
CTL 
9/6/18 
- 
153,200 
Vabtec (General Electric spinoff) 
WAB 
2/25/19 
118 
9,081 
- 
8,645 
-436 
Vorld Acceptance Group 
WRLD 
8/9/18 
- 
036 900 
Wel gratitude America, LTD - Equities (Morgan Stanley) 
1,613,853 2,457,920 1,357,525 -256,328 
i Epstein In Foundation - Equities (DB) 
Irislol Myers Squibb 
BMY 
10/30/15 
1,000 
- 
49,370 
- 
hsney 
DIS 
10/30/15 
685 
- 
76.391 
- 
oral J Epstein W Foundation - Equities (DB) 
125,761 
-OTAL EQUITIES 
115,055,540 
115,692,727 
111,516,104 
-3,539,436 
EFTA00811967
--- PAGE 6 ---
1/31/19 
2/28/19 
MTD 
YTD 
Asset Description 
Value 
Value 
Return 
Return 
Notes 
Hedge Funds - Southern Financial (SFLLC) 
basis %arm • 7.10mrn 
Boothbay Multi-Strategy Fund 
46,876,610 
47,825,381 
2.02% 
3.44% withdraw tOniii 4/917 
Boothbay Enhanced Fund 
873 200 
116 540 
3.09% 
5.22% anti Feb r arm sad 
Total Hedge Funds-SFLLC 
54,749,810 
55,941,921 
2016 mum 3.77% 
2017 mum 118% 
Hedge Funds - Haze 
nja return of canlat 
7417 realm of =dal 31917 reon
iions rid 
King Street - Illiquid Special Investment 
2,192,862 
2,191,292 
'mums 57368 
4115 2247103 
4127116 5.94954 paid 
Hedge Funds -Haze 
2,192,862 
2,191,292 
Yuma 12.017 
B/15 113,514 
7/29169162.924 paid 
93/2018 37.213 
9113 2,738 
1921116 1186.961 paid 
7019 return of cholla 
1916/2018 871489 
416/2018 374.293 
10/12 18,370 
1/27117 339(644 paid 
1111/2019 1,570 
1416/2018 22,933 
97/2018 67976 
11/9 4460 
2016 Mum 4.68% 
coact 
12/1372018 80.116 
7/192016 435 
kedge Funds -STC 
Mills Inv 201120 931/11 
Honeycomb 
49,310_407 
51,627,996 
4.70% 
8.80% added 1520206/22041 
Total Hedge Funds - STC 
49,310,407 
51,627,996 
aided &on 9/234 
2016 na 0.44% (6 mod) 
Total Hedge Funds 
106,253,079 109,761,209 
2017 Mum 21.0% 
SFL 
Mort 
Southern 
Grat 
FT 
Asset Description 
Inc. 
JEE 
Trust 
IGO LLC 
Real Estate 
IA Vestments 
SFL 
<j/ara II (investment amount) 
marked to $0 in Sep 2018 
<yam IV (investment amount) 
250,000 
Neoteny 3 (investment amount less 30k distribution 4/20/18) 
970,000 
'rytanee LLC (art partnership) 
1,500,000 
Jawbone Investment (prat) 
1,000,000 
AYH Marina (value per jee) 
3,000.000 
sic 
Seaford Avenue Capital - PS Investment - Auto Debt (total comm 2.6mm) 
2,318,126 
Ndfin Solutions (investment amoun ) 
875,000 
buttedtytrust 
'ark Partners LLC - 320 East 82nd Street (investment amount) 
3,480,000 
'aid Contract to Purchase 2 Kean Court Livingston. NJ I 
3,000,000 
Joinbase via Grat (50% sold for $15mm Feb 2018) 
sit 
1,500,500 
lePorty via Ergo Ltd (investment amount) 
1,000,000 
/Oar Glcbal Fund II (amount funded vs 15mm committmen0 21.03% ownership 
14,250,000 
. 
930/2018 FMV 21,166,482 
FMV as of 12-31-2018 40,750,000 
cumulative IRR thru 943-20111 
313% 
'alar Global Fund III (amount funded vs 25mm committment) 34.17% ownership 
23,500,000 
960/2018 FMV 33,165,591 
FMV as of 12-31 2018 49,690,000 
CU nvIallve IRR 6120 9-30.2018 
5(7% 
Totals 
1,000,000 
3,000,000 
44,663,126 
1,500,500 
6,480,000 
Total Investments 
56,643,626 
EFTA00811968
--- PAGE 7 ---
. 
Hyperion 
JEGE 
Plan D 
Asset Description 
Air LLC 
LLC 
LLC 
Various 
Totals 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
2001 Bell 430 N331JE 
1,000.000 
1,000,000 
1988 Gulfslream G-IV N212JE 
2,900,000 
2,900,000 
2008 G550 
14,000,000 
14,000,000 
2008 S76C Deposit 
500.000 
500,000 
Automobiles 
250,000 
250.000 
Boats 
200,000 
200,000 
Total Aviation, Automobile & Boats 
1,500,000 
2,900,000 14,000,000 
450,000 18,850,000 
Asset Description 
JEE 
SFL 
JEGE Inc. 
FTRE 
Totals 
Loans Receivable 
Nina Keita Rocks stow iotx yet pa sao 150Iq 
150,000 
150,000 
Mark Lloyd 
100.000 
100,000 
Nick Ribis 
150.000 
150,000 
Johnny O'Sullivan 
22,446 
22,446 
David Mitchell 
343,700 
660,000 
1.003,700 
Osboume Lane Capital (Paul B) 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
IIIIIIII 
20,000 
303,262 
323,262 
Harlequin Dane, LLC 
7,750,000 
7,750,000 
Coatue Enterprises LLC 
3,000.000 
3,000,000 
Bella Klein 
115.000 
115,000 
Leiley 
410,000 
410,000 
David Rodgers 
60.000 
60,000 
Mervin 
10,000 
10,000 
Home 
133,000 
133,000 
Darren Indyke 
475,000 
475,000 
Richard Kahn 
475,000 
475,000 
LV Home & Other 
1,457,000 
175.000 
1,632,000 
650,064 
650,064 
Total Loans Receivable 
2,893,210 11,520,000 
950,000 2,096,262 17,459,472 
Enhanced 
Asset Description 
Education 
JEE 
JEE 
Various 
Totals 
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
Dello 
175,000 
175,000 
'agano Diamonds 
500,000 
500,000 
12.73 Carrot Emerald Cut Diamond* Insurance value 
5,400,000 
5,400,000 
Natches, Earring & Other 
775,000 
775,000 
:ine Arts Schedule 
3,050,000 
3,050,000 
...... 
Kiel Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
175,000 
5,900,000 
775,000 
3,050,000 
9,900,000 
i_oan Payable to BJAV LLC (PLAN D LLC) 
(20,500,000) 
(20,500,000) 
EFTA00811969

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811970.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule 8 form 990,990.EZ, or 990-PF) (2017) 
Name of organization 
EDUCATION ADVANCE 
Page 
of 
of Part I 
Employer Idenblication number 
81-3901980 
Part 
Contributors (see instructions). Use duplicate copies of Part I if additional space is needed. 
(a) 
Number 
(b) 
Name, address, and ZIP +4 
(c) 
Total 
contributions 
Type of contribution 
1__ J. EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS FD./  
INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER/. B3 
ST THOMAS 
VI 00802 
$ 
55L000 
Person 
X
Payroll 0 
Noncash 0 
(Complete Part II for 
noncash contributions.) 
(a) 
Number 
0)) 
Name, address, and ZIP +4 
(c) 
Total 
contributions 
Type of contribution 
___  
i‘... 
$ 
Person D 
Payroll 
K 
Noncash K 
(Complete Part II for 
noncash contributions.) 
(0) 
Number 
(b) 
Name, address, and ZIP + 4 
(c) 
Total 
contributions 
Type of contribution 
___  
$ 
Person 0 
Payroll 
g 
Noncash I 
(Complete Pact II for 
noncash contributions.) 
(a) 
Numoer 
Name, address, and ZIP +4 
(c) 
Total 
contributions 
Type of contribution 
— — 
$ 
Person 
II 
Payroll 
Noncash 
.
(Complete Patin for 
noncash contributions.) 
a) 
Nu(moer 
Name, address, and ZIP + 4 
(C) 
Total 
contributions 
Type of c(o6)ntribution 
___ 
_ 
$ 
Person 
I 
Payroll 0 
Noncash 9 
(Complete Part II for 
noncash contributions.) 
(a) 
Number 
Name, address, and ZIP +4 
(c) 
Total 
contributions 
(d) 
Type of contribution 
___ 
_ 
$ 
Person 0 
Payroll 
II 
Noncash 0 
(Complete Pad II for 
noncash contributions.) 
BAA 
REA0702L 084,17 
Schedule B (Form 990, 990-EZ, or 990-PF) (2017) 
EFTA00811970

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811971.pdf
----------------------------------------
2017 
CLIENT VIRGINIS 
FEDERAL STATEMENTS 
J. EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS FOUNDATION,INC 
(ENHANCED EDUCATION) 
PAGE 2 
66-0585379 
8/01/18 
STATEMENT 5 
FORM 990-PF, PART XV, LINE 3A 
RECIPIENT PAID DURING THE YEAR 
05:35PM 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
DONEE 
RELATIONSHIP 
FOUND-
ATION 
PURPOSE OF 
STATUS 
GRANT 
AMOUNT 
HUMANITY + 
NONE 
501 (C) 3 UNRESTRICTED 
115,000. 
LOS ANGELES CA 90036 
CONTRIBUTION 
THE HASTY PUDDING INSTITUTE NONE 
501 (C) 3 UNRESTRICTED 
50,000. 
OF 1770 
GARDEN STREET 
CAMBRIDGE MA 02138 
CONTRIBUTION 
ASU FOUNDATION 
NONE 
501 (C) 3 UNRESTRICTED 
25,000. 
400 EAST TYYLER MALL, S 105 
TEMPE AZ 85287 
CONTRIBUTION 
BARBRO SCHOOL 
NONE 
501 C 3 
UNRESTRICTED 
25,000. 
STOCKHOLM SWEDEN 
CONTRIBUTION 
EDUCATION ADVANCE 
NONE 
501 C 3 
UNRESTRICTED 
55,000. 
575 LEXINGTON AVE, FL 4 
NEW YORK NY 10022 
CONTRIBUTION 
PACIFIC COLLEGE ORIENTAL 
NONE 
501 C 3 
UNRESTRICTED 
8,000. 
MEDICINE 
7445 MISSION VALLEY RD, 
SUITE 105 
SAN DIEGO CA 92108 
CONTRIBUTION 
UAB FORS PROJECKTAI 
NONE 
501 C 3 
UNRESTRICTED 
75,000. 
THEATRO ST 9B-19 
VILNIUS 03107 LITHUANIA 
CONTRIBUTION 
VIBT INC 
NONE 
501 C 3 
UNRESTRICTED 
3,000. 
ST THOMAS USVI 00802 
CONTRIBUTION 
TOTAL $ 
356 000. 
EFTA00811971

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811972.pdf
----------------------------------------
ROBERT FRIEDMAN, M.D., P.C. 
1001 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK, N.Y. 10028 
* onr 
(212) 772-6202 
FAX (212)7724028 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, #133 
St Thomas, VI 00802 
OFFICE@RFRIEDMANNO.COM 
February 20, 2019 
Dear Mr. Epstein. 
Our records indicate that you are due for your next ophthalmic examination in March. 
Please contact this office at your earliest convenience so that we can schedule an appointment for 
you. 
Sincerely. 
Dr. Robert Friedman 
*For your convenience: 
• We have an optician on premises. 
For further information, please contact Alba of 1001 Optics, Inc. at (212) 772-2925 
We can order your contact lenses to be delivered directly to your home or office. 
To place an order, please call out office or go on our website: www.RTRIEDIVIANMAconi 
EFTA00811972

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811973.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS 83 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00602 
FIRKMANK 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00002 
101726611216 
4/8/2019 
1997 
a 
PAY TO THE 
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. 
ORDER OF 
Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100""""""'"""""""`"""""""""""""'»"""""'""""""""'"`«
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
larectesmmattarcentkune 
4.1411/4. 
$ **250,000.00 
 DOLLARS
I
CI) 
n'00 L99 ?II' I:22 
g, 7 285 LC ? 2 Int Lne098 5 2 III' 
MEMO 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. 
DB JEE ckg 3526969 
4/8/2019 
1997 
250,000.00 
250,000 00 
EFTA00811973
--- PAGE 2 ---
Charles 
SCHWAB 
Instructions for the Schwab One Account 
Application for Incorporated Organizations 
1-800435-4000 (inside the U.S.) I .1415-667-8400 (outside the U.S.) 11-888-686.6916 (multilingual services) 
Instructions for How to Open a Schwab One Incorporated Organization Account 
• You must meet a $250.000 relationship minimum across all Schwab accounts and complete this application to open a new Schwab Incorporated 
Organization Account. 
• if you are submitting a handwritten form, please print in ALL CAPITAL LETTERS. 
• This application is only for use by organizations incorporated and domiciled in the United States. If your Organization is a non-incorporated 
organization (sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, unincorporated association, etc.) or a non-U.S. organization, please contact 
us for the correct account application. 
• If the Organization wishes to request option, margin, and short trading, please complete and submit a separate Add Options Trading and Margin to 
Your Account form. 
• If the Organization wishes to have the ability to write checks In the account, please complete and submit a Checkwriting and Visa• Debit Card 
Application for Organization Accounts. 
• If the Organization wishes to fund this account by transferring assets from another brokerage firm, please also submit a Transfer Your Account to 
Schwab form. 
• A minimum of two signatures of corporate officers are required to open an account. One signature must be from the Chairman of the Board, the 
President. or any Vice President: the second signature must be from the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary. the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer. 
or any Assistant Treasurer. 
Schwab, like all U.S. financial institutions, Is required to follow federal regulations to assist the government in its efforts to fight money laundering and 
other financial crimes. Schwab therefore requests specific information and documentation in order to verify the identity of an entity applying for a 
Schwab account, as well as the identities of that entity's Control Persons, Authorized Individuals, and Beneficial Owners. Schwab may require additional 
documentary evidence demonstrating identity and legal status. Schwab also captures personal information on all customers and related authorized 
parties who have the ability to transact, control, or manage an account. Schwab has the discretion to not accept an account, to close an account, or to 
terminate any and all services rendered under the Schwab One Account Agreement at any time. 
Return Instructions 
• Upload online with secure messaging (if you are an existing client and have online access to your account). 
1. Go to 
and log in to your account. 
2. Click Message Center (under Service), and then click Upload Document. 
• Fax to 1-888-526-7252. 
• Bring to your nearest Schwab branch (visit 
for locations). 
• Mall to any of the following addresses: 
Regular Mail (West) 
Regular Mail (East) 
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. 
aeries Schwab & Co., Inc. 
Box 982600 
■. Box 628291 
El Paso. TX 79998-2600 
Orlando, FL 328624291 
Overnight Mall (West) 
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. 
1945 Northwestern Dr. 
El Paso, TX 79912 
Overnight Mall (East) 
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. 
1958 Summit Park Or., Ste. 200 
Orlando, FL 32810 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. Ail rights reserved. Member Sin. 
CC2344861(1118.8AK) APP63584-12 (12/18) 
Please retain this page for your files. 
You do not need to send it back to Schwab. 
EFTA00811974
--- PAGE 3 ---
charles 
SCHWAB 
Schwab One® Account Application 
for Incorporated Organizations 
EMIMII
1-800435-4000 (inside the U.S.) 1+1416436743400 (outside the U.S.) 0.488-6866916 (multilingual services) 
Page 1 of 13 
1. Required Information About the Corporation 
Schwab will use the information you provl 
en ands 
ur account, communicate with you, and provide information about products and services. 
Read about Schwab's privacy policy a 
. As required by law. Schwab will use the information provided to verify the identity of 
the corporation and its Authorized Individuals, Control Persons, and Beneficial Owners. As provided In the Schwab One Application Agreement for 
Incorporated OrpnizatIons. Schwab is also authorized to inquire as to the creditworthiness of the corporation or any person associated with your account. 
TYPO of OrgenkatIon/Fedeial Tee CfassAcation Meatered—sefect only Om) 
C Corp: cation 
RiSCOMMatlim 
Name of ConsatIon Ms Penn on the charter or other legal document mating the carporadm) illereinatter referred to as the -Corporallann 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Corporedan Tax '0 Member 
66-0779861 
II COreoredOn Is Imam by weds name. enter name. 
telephone Number 
(340) 775-2525 
Corporation Street Address Oda OM'S 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
City 
St. Thomas 
State 
USVI 
Zip 040 
' 
00802 
..iatling Address Of Onion from abovea. sates may be used) 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Country of Incorporation 
U. S. Virgin Islands 
State of Incorpotemon 
USVI 
Detect Inceepottidin IroriVrIctehtt, 
11/18/2011 
Corporation's URL Wren 
Are you a Mecum 10% einivehletlet or Wrenn...king (racer a a swiftly ass Certain(' 
g m,  
Ayes 
(II 'ors: enter coupons some 
end traded Wheel 
/ 
2. Required Information About the Corporation's Primary Business or Professional Activity 
2a.To property categorize and serve your Corporation, we need to know the type of activity in which it is engaged. 
Please provide the siiockiPt North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code that best describes 
our business (If you don't know your NAICS code. you can look it up at vnyw.census.govieos/wwwinalcs). 
2b. Select only one option that most closely reflects the Corporation's primary business and provide the additional requested information (as applicable): 
flumetel IratitiMon 
EraMpleS of antihero, institutions include: 
• investment Mick (eated/oSSsite investment vehicles) 
• Termite Mita, mmicles 
• Private equity ',chide, 
• Investment Advisor, 
grokendealerS 
. Baum 
• tnsui once cannon** 
• Trust companies 
Please describe the Cceeoratim's Peeedry SuilaOseiS) end Seld(S) Or detests. 
Please also prOvde the name el the sSerominent agents VW semis as phiprimary rt-Mator. 
ID if the Orienitatron .5 *Chin a U.S. registered brokendealot or a norrU.S. Mumma' 
institution and II the asses in tra Account are not euStOrnee Mat. please Cheek this bOx. 
peer( 
Operating Why 
The COrpelallOn geol.:WS cornmeicrat orodicts of tented. 
Please (laser*, the eOnuneroal products or services Mot oh/ital./W*0On provides. 
Business Consulting Services 
Non-Operating EMILY 
Emmoits of nOnr0OlooOnd made* Wilier 
• Holding companies 
• Estate reaming vehicles 
• Asset pretty:On vehrcleS 
• Shea <WIWI,. 
• Personal investment CConparotS 
Please Onalhe me Cciporalrorie ornery PuroOfe(sl and ee40(5) of stainer. 
Charitable annuli llon 
Please detente the CeeparilliOn'S chaeltaye purpose. 
Cleverninental Ormazatim 
ThiS Indoles Wry MU or poetical subdivision or e state. Including: 
• Any agency. authOnty. Of InStrufneMallty of the state or political sybdniltion 
• A ow of assets so:named or established by date state or poetical subdivision or any erlitnCy. trolerecth or redtromentalltY thereerf. intloden. but not smith:I to. a 'dealer tenon plan' as 
demea in section 414(I)Of gm merino' Ramis Code 120 U.S.C. 41em) or • sole gene's fund 
- A plan or protein ola gOvementrot entity 
• 04a em. agents. or employees of the stew or malice' subonsion or am money. authmity. or instrumentality thereof. acting in their of Ica' capacity 
TAUS Organization 
A tribe-governed organization that is created by the um or tribal chambers on reservation land and under trim Lives (Contact Schwab 0 eactitiorel 00CAsnent reClUiretents.) 
ST 
O2018 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
CC2344861 (11.18-8ANE) APP63584.12 (12/18) 
ipiiVrtp4diiiipnii.i 
EFTA00811975
--- PAGE 4 ---
Schwab One• Account Application for Incorporated Organizations Page 2 of 13 
3. Required Information About the Organization's Investment Profile 
Annual Income of Corporation 
K Under $15,000 K $15,000-$24,999 L.] $25.000-$49,999 K 550.000-599.999 [El $100,000 or more 
Liquid Net Worth of Corporation 
K Under $25,000 K $25.000-$49,999 K $50.000-$99.999 K $100.000-5249.999 15 $250,000 or more (please specify): $  t00.000.00Qa.
Overall Investment Objective of Account 
K Capital preservation K Income g Growth K Speculation 
Source of Funds in Account (Check all that apply.) 
Please provide the source of assets that will be deposited or held in the account. If the source is a transfer from another firm, please indicate the 
source of funds that were used to purchase the assets. 
K Salary, wages, savings K Working capital [!J Investment capital gains 
g Corporate income K Family, relatives. inheritance 
Purpose of Account (Check all that apply.) 
K Business operating revenue and expense processing 
K Investing for estate planning purposes 
K Investing of pooled assets 
(Er General investing 
K Other (please specify):  
K Sales of property K Other (please specify):  
K Investing of retirement funds 
K Investing of college funds 
K Business payroll processing 
K Business funding 
K Investing of business revenue 
K Business cash management and treasury 
K investing for tax benefits 
4. Required Information About Authorized Individuals, Control Persons and 210% Beneficial Owners 
Please complete this section for the following: 
• Each Authorized Individual 
• At least one Control Person of the Organization 
• All 210% Beneficial Owners 
K Check here if no single individual or Legal Entity/Trust owns 210% of this Organization. You agree to notify Schwab if or when someone owns ≥10% 
of the Organization in the future. If checked, complete the following for Authorized Individuals and at least one Control Person (e.g., principals. 
directors, officers, and managing members). 
Authorized Individuals 
• Any individual or representative of an owner, partner, member, officer, employee, or agent of the Organization that is 
authorized by the Organization to: 
• Buy and sell securities; 
• Withdraw and transfer cash and securities; 
• Sign contracts, waivers, and releases; and 
• Otherwise conduct business with Schwab on behalf of the Organization. 
• Complete Individual 1 below for the PrimaryAuthorized Individual who will receive all email correspondence from Schwab. 
• Schwab will have no obligation of inquiry with respect to the validity of. or authority with respect to. any transaction or 
instruction provided by an Authorized Individual. 
• An individual with significant responsibility for managing the Organization (e.g.. a Chief Executive Officer, Chief 
Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Managing Member, General Partner. President. Vice President. or Treasurer). 
• Please complete Section 4b for a Legal Entity or Trust that is a Control Person of the Organization. 
• At least one Control Person is required. 
• Each individual, if any, who owns, directly or Indirectly. 210% of the equity interests of the Organization (e.g.. each 
natural person that owns 210% of the shares of a corporation). 
• In the instance where a Trust is an equity owner of the Organization, the Trustees are considered Beneficial Owners 
per Industry regulations. Please complete Section 4c with Trust and Trustee Information. 
• Please note that the Beneficial Ownership information provided in this application wi I be applied to all other similarly 
registered Organization accounts with the same Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN maintained at Schwab. 
Control Persons 
21.0% Beneficial Owners 
FOR CHARLES SCHWAB USE ONLY: 
Stanch Office and 
ACCOunt NUfillyer 
sr 
C2018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
CC2344861 (1118-8ANE) APP6358442 (12/18) 
A II 1111
311 Pill
RI II 
EFTA00811976
--- PAGE 5 ---
Schwab One°  Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 3 of 13 
4a. Required Information About Individuals Who Are Authorized Individuals, Control Persons and/or zits; Beneficial Owners 
If there are more than four individuals who are Authorized Individuals, Control Persons and/or ≥10% Beneficial Owners. please make, complete. and 
attach additional copies of this section. 
Individual 1 
Rote of indniOual On Account (Secret ise Mat apply.) 
Z 
Primary ketnorued lndhldubi I:l Control Parton O 
210% Bondage) Owner 
Title ecCepeOty of InSlylOual (Setter as that apPlY1 
O CIO 
DCF0 
O COO 
O eribmian of the Board 
EleMet 
Donner 
SeerelefY 
iFf Pamir 
Elailletint waster 
El Other (soecityl: 
. 
President 
EIViCe President 
OSeCretery 
O AseeStant 
Name (First) 
(Middle) 
(Last) 
Richard 
Kahn 
Home Street eddreSS (no . 
beced) 
130 East 75th Street Apt 7E 
ow 
New York 
State 
NY 
Zip Cade 
10021 
Mailing Address Ill deferral Iran above: IM. bases may be used) 
Lexington Ave 4 Fl 
Cary 
New York 
Stale 
NY 
DP Code 
10022 
;veers Tmeolsone Number(lading Nee code) 
014extro Efeuswass CIA400ile (212) 971-1306 
ANernille Telephone Humber (Ineludnil area code) 
O °nine= ErMOtrit (9 7) 414.7584 
• mow 
Social Security Honer 
108-50-9833 
Date of girth Ina1/0441)11 
12/06/1972 
Email Adding 
CeonVy(ieS) Of CitibenSfllPPAUSt est all.) 
gine Dower 
Doreen 
Country Of Leta ReeddenCe 
gum I:i Other: 
TO Number and Type 
ErPasspon 
O Dbeer'S Ucense Demmelessuedi0 477516497 
CountryOr State of Issuance
Evade° 
USA 
Keene 
Me beci/ddinyal 
03/16/2021 
eiviemeni sews (Select Only one.) 
O Student O Not Employed 
Employer Name/Sus/1M 
HBRK ASSOCIATES INC 
gEnviOyed 
O 
SeITEmplOyed x Flared alernemaker 
Occupation (If yOti selectee implored' or 'Seittnuerairad: select one aerial that best desciteS Ireml cucleTelfm) 
Professions 
Om Mary 
O eanSultant 
Pe:45w°' 
Dclucator 
O Omer Ispeelfy)1 
O CleficabAdminsostive Services 
Employee liederst/State/Local) 
arade/Senica aliter/Manulacbcelng/Production) 
Employee defamb.S.i 
OSaWs/Marsetinc 
II Business OwnefiMil.Ereplommo 
D 
financial Seruces/Clanking 
EExecutive/SenkxManagtenem 
D informilion TechnOletlY 
O Malcal Professimal 
DOtlwr Professional 
II Legal Probsbortal 
O U.S. Government 
El Recounting Profirse/Onal 
O PlielHie Gonuitirnont 
Business Street Address 
575 Lexington Ave 4 Fl 
Oty 
NEW YORK 
State 
NY 
Zip Cede 
10022 
Are you al and ran or employed bye flack ecnang or member km of an eteronge or FINRA. Ore municipal Securities OroltectleaSer? 
Elko Des 
(If yes: yet; must attach a letter from your emplOyer Or maws Proem-dealer approving the establishment of your account %nen Suballtfing 
List the company name: 
) 
this application. 
Are you a director. 10% Shatehaider or DOliCprimillin• officer of • Needy Told company? 
Miro Oyes or Its: Wirer compaew name 
and trading symbol 
.1 
rot Benelcial Owners OW 
what IS your percentage of venal:M 
a 
% 
O uneaten, wan) 
O orlefsbeng 
O sot,* Security benefits 
O 
Lottery 
O Sale of moped), Or busintas 
OGIlts 
whet is your source of peastrt?(Caeck al that 'COM 
Mselary. wens. taints 
D Family. relatives. nitedUnC• 
O Invtstment capital Calms 
O Invention/patent 
ST 
G)2018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. Alt rights reserved. Member SI PC 
CC2344862 II.118-flANE) APP63584.12 (12/18) 
I'll] Hill II 
EFTA00811977
--- PAGE 6 ---
Schwab 0ne° Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 4 of 13 
4a. Required Information About Individuals Who Are Authorized Individuals, Control Persons and/or ≥.1.0% Beneficial Owners (Continued) 
Individual 2 
pole or inismsoal on Account (Select all that aetsly.i 
OMethod/eel IncliMuerk O Control Person ig≥ 10% Beneficial Owner 
Toe or Capacny or inamduad (Select VI Mat *W .} 
0CE0 
0CF0 
Ocoo 
O Chalons.. of Me Beard 
O Manager 
DN.*/ 
SeCrett",  
O Treats/et 
O ASSietant Treasurer 
O Onset (SPeolli): 
MPresidemt 
E Vice President 
O SeatterY 
O Assistant 
Name (First) 
(Middle) 
oast) 
JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN 
Home Street Mina (ne al boon) 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 83 
City 
ST THOMAS 
State 
VI 
Zip owe 
00802 
Mailing Address Of Orferent from above: it tares may be used) 
City 
State 
be Cede 
Pretend TeittetiOne Number (inducting wee code) 
OHente igetnisess O Mobile (340) 775-2525 
stomas Telephone Member (included area coat) 
O Home O Business OMobilit 
Social Security Nunn., 
090-44-3348 
Olite ot Sinn franVelehrni 
01/20/1953 
Email Address 
richardkahn12@gmail.com 
COun(rytieS)Olatisenship (Must Int till.) 
EfUSA 00then 
ClOther: 
COUntryrat Legal Residence 
&rum Dump: US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
eons Nu Type 
Er Passport O Divers License puove.ssuba 0 566672615 
Countryor State of issuance 
USA 
Esolnyikle Date trInVeltUrifY) 
0=7/2029 
Email:Meant Statue (Select Only one.) 
gEmoloyed OSellerployed °Retired O Homemaker O Stotirmt O Not Emptorld 
SWIM. NarneMuSineSS Name 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Occupation(,  you selectee • Employed' et • SelleImployed: select 
O Bunnell Owner/Seiginployee 
Drsiancral Secnceifftenkng 
ElEsecutive/Senict management 
OInf effusion Technology 
O Medical raoressicem 
00ther ProresVonar 
one *Won that beet cieltlantt your OccvetillOrs) 
Professional 
O 
PA Lary
OConsultant 
Professional 
DEducatOr 
00ther (WOW: 
OCierieW/Administrative Services 
Employee geOveaState/tocoll 
O Trade/Service Itersor/Manulacturinuproductiony 
Ern:Ovine [POMMY 
OSeles/Marlysting 
in LOU' Protinsional 
U.S. Government 
O AccOunting Professions 
O Rain Government 
Cosiness Street Address 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 83 
City 
ST THOMAS 
State 
VI 
Zip Code 
00802 
me you affiliated with Of ern040110 by a stock eschenge or member arm of an exchange or FINRA. or a muncipal securities Of0Sentleseet? 
IgNO Dyes of yes: yOU must attach a letter from your employer of affiliated OrOkeridealer approving 010 establiShment of your account Pawn submitting 
List the company in 
tan application. 
Aro you a orator, lox shareholder Or colkyaeldng officer of a Publicly AM CernOaPP 
[Ero O l'eS Or yes: enter oxbow name 
and &acme symbol 
.) 
Far Broefictel Owners emir- 
what is your percentage of ownersNp? 
100 % 
O litigation award 
Detail:sling 
OSociel Searatybeneita 
O Lottery 
Oasis of property or business 
O GUIs 
Mel is your source of wealth? (Check all that 5000 
O Geralls wages. savings 
O Freely. relatives. onenunce 
EfInvntmer4 Caput gain 
O Inventioh/patent 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
CC2344861 (1118-SANE) 'v136358442 (12/18) 
nii 11IIIIIIIII
EFTA00811978
--- PAGE 7 ---
Schwab one• Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 5 of 13 
4a. Required Information About Individuals Who Are Authorized Individuals, Control Persons and/or 210% Beneficial Owners (Continued) 
Individual 3 
Role of mammal on Accoom (Select at that MOM 
0Authorized Inc/Nichol 0 
Censor Person 0210% Elenersisi Miner 
Tale Of Caps:ayor rovidual 'Select all that apply.) 
O CEO 
❑CFO 
❑coo 
❑President K Vice Mash:fent 
❑Secretary 
Name mrso 
K Chairman el the board 
K Assistant Secretary 
Deanna 
Treasurer 
K Nom 
K Assistant %Snorer 
K Other (specilyr 
Middle) 
Home Street AddreSS Nos 
Soros) 
City 
Stele 
Zip Code 
mailing Address (if afferent horn aeon; s boon may he used) 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Preferred Telephone bombes(inchona area code) 
El Have K BuSOOSS K MOM 
Social Security Hunter 
Memel Telephone Number fineltramit sees MOO 
0/tern. 
K Business K M0000 
DOW of Dinh OrinVddiryyyyl 
(mall Address 
Country(NS) of Otizensalp (Must tat all? 
LISA 0 
Other: 
Other: 
ID Hunter and Type 
K PM4Con K others License Obalakssued ID 
Employment Status (Select only One.) 
Employed K Self-Employed 0 
Retired K Homemaker 0 
Student K Not Employed 
OCCUp0000 (it you $440C100 '0110totte of 'S.$-mployed: school on. option Met bast descrilNs yoo ocCv00110o) 
K Busmen Owner/501 ElorPrzfod 
K Execultue/Sonlor Management 
K
Medea' Preessknal 
K Lep Proltssiona 
0Accounting Professional 
Business Street Address 
Country &Legal nascence 
El OSA ❑Other. 
Ga)ntrya State of istranoe 
Expiration Date anmSdertYffff 
Employer Name/bus/neat Name 
K Nankai Seraces/Banking Professional 
K information ?tonne/eV NI:011MM' 
Other PrOansonai 
❑0.s. Othamment employee (Federal/Sul./hall 
Oniveignemoemmom Employee (Non-U.00 
Off Mtn 
K
Educator 
K Clencal/Adrraniatrothe Services 
K Iteder/Servic• (Lebef/hilalitletuting/PrOduCVOn) 
K Sales/Menurong 
City 
Consultant 
K °the:Welly): 
Stale 
Zip Cede 
Are you 01111100/0 with a 0000000 by a stock echange of fnembor farm of an exthange a ForRa. or a munieffal securities broker-dealer? 
K NO 0 
MS (If Yes: you must attach 8 letter from your employer or affiliated broker-dealer approving the establishment of your account when SubMittIng this appliCaliOn. 
MOO COMMAS Miarlei  
Me you a director. 10% shareholder or path-trashing officer of a pubicly Mid company? 
No 0 Ma (If yes: enter company name 
 and trading symbol 
For Beneath Owners Only: 
What Incur ptnetttlite of onfolhoO? 
Minot la your SOWN Of wealth? (Chock all that apply.) 
K Salary. wages. sating, 
K ramps relatives. trVitrillnet 
O
investment capital gains 
K invermon/pacent 
K Miamian avraro 
❑Ganeang 
K Social Security benefits 
Lottery 
K Sale of property or business 
OWN& 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. AB rights reserved. Member 08C. 
CC2344861 u118-amozi acm6358412 01/181 
ftl11411111II
11111 
EFTA00811979
--- PAGE 8 ---
Schwab One* Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 6 of 13 
4a. Required Information About Individuals Who Are Authorized Individuals, Control Persons and/or ≥10% Beneficial Owners (Continued) 
Individual 4 
Role of inclivicual on Account Omen all mat asely.) 
O Autroodzed Individual OControl Person MI 310% Benders, Owner 
nue or Capacity of InclivIdeal (Select al mat axis) 
OCE0 
OCII0 
0000 
O Cheers/mot the board 
O manager 
O Owner 
OPresident 
O vice OfeSidelt O SeCretaff 
O *SSW afil Sauna'',  
a hemmer 
PASSietrint Treasurer 
O Other (specify): 
Name OHM 
Paddle) 
Met) 
Home Street Address (no Il. boxes) 
Guy 
State 
Zip Coie 
mailing Address Of *Velem from above:. bores Maybe used) 
Oty 
Stale 
Zip Code 
Preferred Telephone Number (Oohs:ling area code) 
O Home O &mass O Motile 
Memel Telephone Number Inclutang area COPP) 
O Hom 
OBusiness O Mobile 
Social Security Number 
Data of girth immiclooryy) 
Email Address 
Country( *M M Citizenship (Must Mt all.) 
O USA O Other: 
Dome
Counvy 01 Segal Malden,* 
MI USA 00ther: 
Number and Type 
Country or Stine of !nuance 
Expiration bate (mmid4O/YYY) 
• 
Passport O Covers ucense OGoestssued lb 
Employment Status (Select Only One) 
O EMMA.] O SeltEnefle0 O Reared O Homemelor OStment O Not Employed 
EmPlOrefilarne/eusiness Name 
Occupetion (limy selected 'Ernolorocr or • saw(mployed. select one moan that best describes your occupation.) 
O business Owner/SeitEmoloyecl 
P roamer SenncesAllankim Professions 
O Khios 
00:extuitent 
OEyesight/Senior Management 
O information Technoiegy processional 
O Educate( 
O 0tnef ISINCifyk 
O Memel R/OltSSIMIII 
00ther Prolosucoai 
OClencar/Admnistraio Services 
Oleg., Professional 
(0 u.s. Gmernment Enwoyee (PedefaliSteteAccall 
O padeiService (Labof/Mamfactoung/Productionl 
O Accounting Proltolcoar 
ofore;r0ovemmem Employee (Nal.U.S 1 
OSatosiMarlieting 
Business Street Acktfess 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Ate you affiliated with or employed by a sack Ma:flange or member fan of an exmango or FINRA. or a municipst securities brokesclealer? 
Olio fp yes (II yes: you must attach a better from your employee Or (mated brokendealer apfxoying the establishment of your account when Submitting this application. 
Ust the company name: 
I 
Are you a dimmer. 10% shareholder or poky.making ofacef of a 0 SAO held comeanY? 
ONO pros Ill *Ww. enter compere name 
and tracing symbol 
.) 
rot Benachtl Owners Only 
That Is your percentage Of amortise? 
% 
OILrogation award 
O Gambling 
O Social Security benefits 
O Lottery 
O Sale of property of bosoms 
Delfts 
What Is )0W source N wealth? (OWN NI Mat mealy.) 
O Stew. wages. sayings 
O FSMilf. mothers. Weientance 
O inwestmere capital gains 
O swention/patent 
Sr 
8,2018 Charles Scrwrab & CO.. Inc. All rights reserved. member SIPC. 
CC2344861 (1118-SANE) APPt33584-12 (12/18) 
A 
EFTA00811980
--- PAGE 9 ---
Schwab One*  Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 7 of 13 
4b. Control Person That Is a Legal Entity 
If the Control Person is a Legal Entity or a Trust. provide the information requested below—all Information is required. In addition, please complete the 
information requested for at least one of the underlying Control Persons/Trustees of the Legal Entity/Trust. 
Name of Legal Entity 
Legal Entity Tax IC Number 
■ apt Entity le known by soothe. name. ear name. 
Telephone Member 
Legal Emily Swat Mellen (no. boa.) 
City 
State 
!Made 
Mailing Address (if afferent from Name boos ray be used) 
City 
State 
Zif) Code 
Country of InuorporstiordEStabliament 
state of IncorpOratierV 
Establisreant 
Date or Incuporabon/Establishment 
lmiliVOWM111 
6-0Igit NAICS Cale 
Provide the following information for at least one Control Person/Trustee for the above Legal Entity/Trust. If information was provided for the Control 
Person/Trustee in Section 4a, list only his/her name below. 
Control Person/Trustee 
Name (First) 
(Middle 
0.030 
Nome Street Address OM boxes) 
Oty 
Slate 
Zip Cede 
Preferted Telephone Number lincordIng aces code) 
K &Gass 0 Mobile 
Afternele To/No.1one 
lire 
Number (including area cede) 
• 
BusineSS 0 Mobile 
Nicene 
Social Security Monter 
Bale of Birth imenad/n7N 
CountiMieS)cit C(diasnlp (Must Ni all.) 
Country el legal Residence 
USA 0 
Other 
USA ❑owe.: 
IMI Other 
Cr Number and Type 
Passport K Drivers license 00alossued IO 
COunUyOr Sate Of issuance 
Corium One boor/dd./WW) 
Employment Wild clad only one.) 
Employe Nerne/Busteess Name 
EnclOyed ❑settEmotged ■ Retired 011:memaker 0 
Student 0 
Not Employed 
Occupation Of you selected 'imps:Ise et •SeaMmoloted: select ere option that best delabes pydr occupatica.) 
K Business Owner/Selamployed 
❑rman:ai Strikes/Banked Professional 
OM Amy 
K Ficeanlve/Senia Management 
Osamu:Mon TechnOicela PrcasMonal 
Educator 
K Medial Professcnal 
Other Professional 
0ClesiceMAdministratia 
K Legal Prolessionai 
U.S. Government Employee tarletaliState/loral) 
K Trade/Serva (laitsx/Manuf 
0Accounting Proltsolcoal 
K Foreign Goyemmern Employee OroniU.S.1 
OSMes/Matating 
• Conata 
Ili Other (specify): 
Sen%es 
sawing/Production) 
Business Street ArlOress 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
ate you affiliated eat or ernolOad bye stock Mange or member Arm of an etettage or FIMTA, or
 securities brokenderier? 
EjNO OleS (If "yeS: YOU must attach a letter from your employer or Militated bream:Male, approving the establishrnem of your account even suomitting 
test tie company name: 
• ) 
this application.
Are you e Orman 10% shirehower or ookresaltieg officer ten a giubliclY held company? 
No 0 MS Ill yes: Matra. company name 
and trading symbol 
a 
ST 
022018 Charles Schwab & CO.. Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
CC2344861 (1118.8ANE) APP63584.12 (12/18) 
A I II I III III, i 
EFTA00811981
--- PAGE 10 ---
Schwab One*  ACCount Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 8 of 13 
4c, Information About Trusts That Are 210% Beneficial Owners 
in the instance where a Trust is a 210% equity owner of the Organization, the Trustees are considered Beneficial Owners per industry regulations. 
Information for at least one current Trustee is required. If there is more than ono Trust that is a 210% Beneficial Owner of the Organization, please 
make, complete, and attach additional copies of this Section 4c. 
Name of Trust 
Country CA Eatebtiervnent 
State of Establishment 
Met is the Trust's percentage 01 ownership in the OrganizatalT 
Please complete Part 1 for a current Trustee(s) that is an Individual and Part 2 for a current Trustee that is an Entity Trustee. 
Part 1.• Trustee That Is an Individual 
Provide the following information for at least one current Trustee of the aforementioned Trust. If information was provided for a current Trustee in 
Section 4a or 4b, list only his/her name below. 
Trustee 
liarne (First) 
(Middle) 
(Lob 
Home StreetMolten (n0■ born) 
City 
State 
Zip COO 
Prelernicl Telephone Number (incMding lirea 0000) 
Li Home K Busness O Mobile 
Alternate Teletertne 
O Heine O 
Number Mauling fired code) 
Susktees O Mobile 
Social SeatebY Sumba(
Date of Birth (mmiddiyyyy) 
Coontryllee) Of Cittranship pant am aio 
K us. ❑Other. 
Dome.. 
Country or Legal Residence 
K usa ❑ouwr. 
Number end Type 
K PeopOrt O Driver's License OtimebiSsuery ID 
COMP, or State of Invent& 
ExplraUcn Date (mmMIAITO 
Employment SUMS (Select Only Mt) 
O Employed ❑sernEmgo)ed O Retired akeriernaker O Student K Not Employed 
Employer kame/BuSinind Name 
Occupation (1l you selected 'Employed* or •Sai'Emplomd: select one onion that best descries purr occupation.) 
K Business Onner/Sellexployed 
K FinaMal Secnces/Sertking ProlessiOnal 
ODetuthe/Senor Management 
K information Technology Pordessimai 
ElMosical Professional 
K Other Professional 
pail 
Proleselonio 
O U.S. Goverment DitOlOyet woo•raVStatenouill 
K Amounting Professicoel 
K Foreign Government Employee Illorsti.SY 
O MOUSY 
O Edtrostor 
OCierical/Acsmisuative 
O OrnSultant 
ClOmer feeecifyli 
Services 
Itabee/marlofeetvringraretietiont 
I. weee/Service 
K Sales/Mannting 
Business Street Morels 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
me you affiliated with or employed by a stock exchange or member irm of an exchange or MCA, or
 securities 
O No O yes (II "05.- you must attach a letter from your employer Or aftlialea brokeodeMer approving 
List the company name: 
) 
brokerclealer? 
the establishment of your account when Submitting this application. 
Me you a director. 10% sharaholcier ot poky-making *Meer Of a publicly held MOW 
❑Iii O 
Yes Of 'yes: also cote' «moony nano 
 and Ulidilt symbol 
.) 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
CC234486111118.8ANE) API:03584-12 (12/18) 
I j II IR 
iw 
I 
EFTA00811982
--- PAGE 11 ---
Schwab One° Accowtt Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 9 of 13 
4c. Information About Trusts That Are 210% Beneficial Owners (Continued) 
Part 2: Entity Trustee 
Complete this section if the Trustee is an entity (corporate trustee or other entity). 
Name of Legal Entity (as charm se the charter or other legal document cresting the legal entity: hereinafter referred to as the Nagai Entity") 
Legal Entity Tea IC (*Amber 
II Loot Entityla moon by another name. enter name. 
Telephone Ninnyor 
Legal Entity Street Address (no MI bores) 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Country of InOXPOratIOEVEStablishment 
State or hcoroaration/ 
Establishment 
Date of IneerporaoarVastahaslonont 
(mmidcVnyt) 
6.Exot MACS COOe 
Required Information About Entity Trustee Control Person 
Complete this section for one Control Person of the aforementioned Entity Trustee. 
Entity Trustee Control Person 
/omens') 
(Middle) 
(Last) 
Nome Street ...Wren (non bons) 
City 
Stag 
be Code 
Preened Ultra?, Number (Including area coda) 
p 
E❑I euelnelS O Mcbas 
mounme Tele:none Number (Including Yea MOM 
O Home O Business 0 Mobile 
Mee 
Social Security Number 
Otte of Own UnnVelliyyyy) 
COuntryllIS) OE Citizenship (Must int ad.) 
O USA DOthea 
CI Other: 
Country of Legs Residence 
O USA DettieR 
D Number and Type 
O Passport O Divers License ❑60VI issued ID 
Country or State of Issuance 
Expiration Date (mrrizadimiYA 
Employment Status (Select only one.) 
ElEmployed O SettEmpoyed O Retired ONomerneker I:Student O Not Employed 
Emulator None/Business Name 
Occupation Of you sainted 'Cmporrop' or • Self-Employed; Weer one ormon inn ton descraes your occupation.) 
O Business Ownet/Seil.EmOloved 
O Anomie Sonricos/Bankino Proltselonal 
OMOrlery 
ElCormultant 
Execotmermnox Management 
O information TecnnolOgY FOOMSMoIM 
DEducster 
Does (specify), 
OMedical Orden:pod 
O Other Professiami 
Ociericammaxinistrative Services 
O Legal Professions 
O U.S. 0Cmyrnment Employee II ecletal/Stete/locall 
El Toote/Sorylca tlatior/Marolocwring/Productmnl 
OAecounting Professional 
O foreign Government Employee (NonD.S) 
OSoles/Maasting 
Business Street Address 
City 
State 
Zip Cod 
Ate you MAIMS with Of employed bye Mock exchange or member1ml of en exchange or FINIAL or a municipal securities OrckentloMerl 
Elmo ID Ye If Ids: also enter company name 
. 
(You must attach a letter tO this application Mat is from your employer, approving the establishment of Ws account.) 
Are you a director. 10% shareholder or polictmaking officer of a publicly held company? 
O No Oyes (If 'yes.' also enter conspany name 
 and trading symbol 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab & CO.. Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
CC2344861 (111813ANE) APP83584.12 (12/18) 
A 
1111 11 111111 
EFTA00811983
--- PAGE 12 ---
Schwab One* Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 10 at 13 
5. Your Consent to Enroll In Schwab's Cash Features Program 
The Cash Features Program is a service that we provide that permits the uninvested cash or 'free credit balance' In your Account to earn income while 
those funds remain uninvested. Additional information about the Cash Features Program and each Cash Feature is available in the Cash Features 
Disclosure Statement. 
The designated Cash Feature for this Account is the Schwab One Interest feature. By signing this Application, you consent to participate in Schwab's
Cash Features Program• as described in the Cash Features Disclosure Statement, and you also consent to having the Schwab One Interest feature as. 
your designated cash feature. 
You understand and agree that Schwab may (1) make changes to the terms and conditions of the Cash Features Program; (2) make changes to the 
terms and conditions of any Cash Feature; (3) change, add, or discontinue any Cash Feature: (4) change your investment from one Cash Feature to 
another if you become ineligible for your current Cash Feature or your current Cash Feature Is discontinued; and (5) make any other changes to the Cash 
Features Program or Cash Feature as allowed by law. Schwab will notify you in writing of changes to the terms of the Cash Features, changes to the Cash 
Features we make available, or changes to the Cash Features Program prior to the effective date of the proposed changes. 
6. Fund Account 
g Check or money order made payable to Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. enclosed for S  250.°°0-0° 
K Transfer from another financial institution (complete the Transfer Your Account to Schwab form). 
K Electronic transfer using Schwab MoneyLink• (complete the Set Up Schwab MoneyLink Electronic Funds Transfer form). 
7. Paperless Document Enrollment 
Here's how paperless works: The Primary Authorized Individual will receive account statements, trade confirmations, shareholder materials, account 
agreements and related disclosures, and other regulatory documents, if available in paperless form, by email. For certain documents, including account 
Statements. you will receive an email notification with a link to log on to our secure website to access your documents. For complete information, please 
see Important Information About Your informed Consent to Receive Paperless Documents In the Appendix to this application. 
To opt for Paperless Documents, simply provide the Primary Authorized Individual's email address in Section 4a. The enrollment completion will depend 
on one of the following scenarios. 
Scenario 1 
If you are the Primary Authorized Individual, and already have an account enrolled in Papedess Documents using the email address provided in Section 
4a, have logged on to 
in the past six months, and agree to the following, your paperless enrollment will be complete once your account is 
opened. 
• I have read and understood the Important Information About Your Informed Consent to Receive Paperless Documents In the Appendix to this applica-
tion and consent to enrolling this account In Paperless Documents. 
• i understand that I will receive an email with my new account agreement and related disclosures. 
Or 
Scenario 2: 
If you ere the Primary Authorized Individual, and do not have an existing account enrolled In Papedess Documents, are using a different email address, or 
have not logged on to 
in the past six months. we will send you an email after the account is opened. To complete enrollment, you will need to 
cick the 
Consent" button in that email and/or follow the instructions to access 
If you do not click the 'I Consent' button, this account will 
not be enrolled in Paperless Documents and we will send your account agreement an re ate disclosures, as well as future regulatory documents, by 
postal mall. 
If you are the Primary Authorized Individual and do not want to participate in Paperless Documents, please check the box below. 
(PS No. do net enroll my account in Paperless Documents. Please send my regulatory documents via postal mail. 
ST 
O2018 Charles Schwab & Co.. inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
CC2344862 (1118-BANE) APP63584.12 (12/18) 
A 
p
EFTA00811984
--- PAGE 13 ---
Schwab Ones Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 11 of 13 
8. Offer/Referral Code (Optional, up to three offer/referral code entries) 
env/Werra: Code 
Orferinsfarrei Code 
Orrer/Rererna Code 
Terms and conditions may apply. Any taxes related to an offer are your responsibility You should consult with your tax or legal advisor regarding any tax 
implications and the appropriate tax treatment of an offer. For more information regarding an offer, please call 1.866-469-7017. 
9. Required Account Opening Authorizations 
Required Signatures for Section 9 
At least two signatures are required to open a Schwab One Organization Account for a Corporation. There must be at least one signature in each of 
the following categories: 
Category 1: The Chairman of the Board, the President. or any Vice President of the Corporation 
Category 2: The Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, or any Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation 
• If you ars the only corporate officer, please sign in boas Category 1 and Category 2, indicating your respective corporate roles under each category. 
• All other Authorized Individuals listed in Section 4a who have the authority to conduct business with Schwab and who have not already signed 
under Category 1 or 2 must sign in the Additional required signatures and W-9 certifications section. 
Please complete all four Signature fields: (1) sign name, (2) print name. (3) specify title, and (4) enter date. Schwab cannot complete these fields on 
your behalf—failure to complete all four fields will delay the processing of your application. 
By signing this application, each individual in his or her representative and individual capacity ('you') certifies, represents and warrants that all of the 
information supplied in this application Is complete, true and correct. You also agree that you have received and read a copy of the attached Schwab One 
Account Application Agreement for Incorporated Organizations (-Application Agreement"). which contains a predispute arbitration clause. You acknowl-
edge and agree that this arbitration clause Is a binding obligation of both the Corporation and you with respect to your capacity as an authorized individual 
on the account(s). 
You represent and warrant that you have all the requisite power and authority to (1) provide the tax certifications and (2) establish, maintain and operate an 
account(s) with Schwab on behalf of the Corporation and to bind the Corporation to the Application Agreement and all incorporated agreements and 
disclosures, including, but not limited to. the Schwab One Account Agreement and the Charles Schwab Pricing Guide for Individual Investors, each as 
amended from time to time (the -Agreement and Disclosures"). You represent and warrant that the Corporation documents, resolutions, agreements and 
laws governing the Corporation permit the establishment and maintenance of the account(s) in accordance with the Agreement and Disclosures. You 
represent and warrant that you will not take any action or provide any instruction to Schwab that exceeds your authority under Corporation documents, 
resolutions, agreements and laws governing the Corporation. 
You represent and warrant that each Authorized Individual listed on this application or subsequently provided to Schwab is authorized by the Corporation 
to act individually, independently and without the consent of the board or any director, officer or other person of the Corporation. You represent and 
warrant that any notice sent to any Authorized Individual will constitute notice to the Corporation. You represent and warrant that nothing in the Corpora-
tion documents, agreements and laws governing the Corporation imposes any obligation upon Schwab for determining the purpose or propriety 0) of any 
instructions received from any Authorized Individual or (II) of payments or deliveries to or among Authorized Individuals. 
You authorize Schwab to apply the Beneficial Ownership information provided in this application to all other similarly registered Organization accounts with 
the same Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) maintained at Schwab. 
You authorize Schwab to inquire from any source. including a consumer reporting agency, as to the identity of you and any Corporation you represent (as 
required by federal law), creditworthiness and ongoing eligibility for the account(s) at account opening, at any time throughout the life of the account(s), and 
thereafter for debt collection or investigative purposes. 
You agree to notify Schwab immediately in writing of any change that would cause these representations and warranties to become incorrect or incom-
plete. You hereby, jointly and severally, in both personal and representative capacities, agree to indemnify Schwab and its affiliates, officers, directors, 
employees and agents from• and to hold such persons harmless against, any claims, judgments, surcharges. settlements or other liabilities or costs of 
defense or settlement (including investigative and attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to any act or omission to act by any Authorized Individual with 
respect to the account(s), the breach of any agreement with Schwab or any dispute involving you and the Corporation. 
The representations and obligations stated in this certification will survive the termination of the account(s). 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. All rIPts reserved. Member SIPC. 
CC2344861 (11184BANM APP63584.12 (12/18) 
I( 
1111111 
EFTA00811985
--- PAGE 14 ---
Schwab One° Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 12 Of 13 
9. Required Account Opening Authorizations (Continued) 
By signing below, you represent and warrant that this application and the incorporated Agreement and Disclosures constitute a legal, valid, and binding 
obligation enforceable against the Corporation. You also agree, In your personal capacity. that your relationship with Schwab with respect to the 
account(s) will be governed by the Agreement and Disclosures. 
All Authorized Individuals listed in Section its must sign. Please complete all four steps: (1) sign, (2) print name, (3) specify title, and (4) enter date. 
Schwab cannot complete these fields on your behalf—failure to complete all four steps will delay the processing of your application. 
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that (1) the number shown on this application is the correct Taxpayer Identification Number; (2) 1/Organization am not 
subject to backup withholding because (a) I/Organization am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I/Organization am not subject to backup 
withholding due to a failure to report interest and dividend Income; (3) l am (a) a U.S. person, or (b) a partnership. corporation, company, or association 
created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States, or (C) an estate (other than a foreign estate), or (d) a domestic trust as 
defined in federal tax regulations; and (4)I/Organizatlon am exempt from Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) reporting. I/Organization 
understand that if VOrganization have been notified by the IRS that i/Organization am subject to backup withholding as a result of dividend or interest 
underreporting and I have not received a notice from the IRS advising me/Organization that backup withholding is terminated, VOrgenuation must 
cross out item 2 above. 
Tho internal Revenue Service does not require your consent to any 
provision of this 
nt other than the certifications required to avoid 
backup with 
ding. 
Required s 
The Agreement with Schwab Includes a predispute arbitration clause. 
You acknowledge receipt of the predispute arbitration ciause contained 
in Section 12, page 2, of the attached Schwab One Account Application 
Agreement for Incorporated Organizations. 
d W-9 certification(s) for Category 1: Chairman of the Board, President. or any Vice President 
10' 
Jeffrey Epstein 
SignilitUre 
Plot Name 
Title: DChartm 
of the 
rd (President K Vice President 
1/4120/q 
Date (iviVieWnwl 
Signature 
Print Nome 
Title: EChairman of the Board ID President El Vice President 
Date Imm/.51/Dyr) 
Require 
nature(s) and W-9 c rtincation(s) for Category 2: Secretary, any Assistant Secretary. Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, or any 
Assist 
s er 
Richard Kahn 
Pmt Name 
Date (alm/da/M2) 
Title: O Secretary DAssistant Secretary [pier Financial Officer 
[Treasurer DAssistant Treasurer 
10' 
Strain 
Print Name 
Data (nunrcid/WW) 
Title: O Secretary DAssistant Secretary ['Chief Financial Officer DIreasurer ['Assistant Treasurer 
10" 
Y/5-40/9
Pint
Stature
nt Name
Title: 
Secretary DAssistant Secretary OChief Financial Officer 
['Treasurer ['Assistant hemmer 
Date (rilm/m/ww) 
Additional required signatures and W-9 certifications: All remaining Authorized Individuals fisted in Section 4a who have not already signed and 
certified under Categories 1. or 2. 
Signaling 
Print Homo 
Title 
► 
Stratum 
title 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
CC2344861 (111.8•8ANE) APP63584.12 (12/18) 
Date arim/c0/m71 
Ant Name 
A 1,11,1 
I 113 I. 
Date onfaidd/rvir) 
ni 1 
EFTA00811986
--- PAGE 15 ---
Schwab One' Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 13 of 13 
10. Required Certificate of Authority and Corporate Resolution: President or Secretary 
The Corporation adopts the following Certificate of Authority and Corporate Resolution. 
The undersigned certifies that: 
1. Each individual whose signature appears in Section 9 (each, an Authorized Individual) is authorized to (1) provide tax certifications; (2) establish. 
maintain, and operate an account(s) with Schwab on behalf of the Corporation and to bind the Corporation to the Application Agreement and all 
incorporated agreements and disclosures, including, but not limited to. the Schwab One Account Agreement and the Charles Schwab Pacing Guide for 
Individual Investors, each as amended from time to time (the 'Agreement and Disclosures"); and (3) designate persons to operate such account(s). 
2. Each Authorized Individual is authorized to act Individually, independently, and without the consent of the board or any director, officer, or other 
person of the Corporation. Notice sent to any Authorized Individual will constitute notice to the Corporation. Nothing in the organizational documents, 
agreements, and laws governing the Corporation Imposes any obligation upon Schwab for determining the purpose or propriety (1) of any Instructions 
received from any Authorized Individual or (2) of payments or deliveries to or among Authorized Individuals. 
3. The authority thereby conferred Is not inconsistent or in conflict with the Certificate of incorporation. charter, bylaws, resolution, or other 
applicable constituent documents of the Corporation and is within the Corporation's corporate power and authority and agreements and laws 
governing the Corporation. 
4. The signatures that 
Section 9 are true and genuine original signatures. 
The information set 
Certificate of A 
Schwab at an a 
ertiflcate of Authority and Corporate Resolution is true and correct, and Schwab may conclusively rely upon this 
rate Resolution until the Corporation delivers a written replacement Certificate of Authority and Corporate Resolution to 
by Schwab. 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. MI rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
CC2344881 (1118 8ANE) APP83584-12 0.2/18) 
A 
9/5'40/f 
Date (mmiddintyl 
IN IIII I11J 11 1111112 
EFTA00811987
--- PAGE 16 ---
charles 
SCHWAB 
Schwab Ones Account Application Agreement 
for Incorporated Organizations 
These terms relate to your Account and are part of the Account Agreement between each Account Holder and Schwab, 
Please retain for your files. 
Account Opening Authorizations 
By signing this application, each individual in 
his or her representative and individual capacity 
("you") represents and warrants that all of the 
information supplied in this application is true 
and correct. You also agree that you have 
received and read a copy of the attached Schwab 
One Account APPlitation Agreement for Incorpo-
rated Organizations (*Annotation Agreement"). 
which contains a predispute arbitration clause. 
You acknowledge and agree that this arbitration 
clause is a binding obligation of both the Corpo-
ration and you with respect to your capacity as 
an Authorized Individual on the Account(s). 
You represent and warrant that you have all the 
requisite power and authority to (1) provide the 
tax certifications and (2) establish, maintain and 
ooerate an account(s) with Schwab on behalf of 
the Corporation and to bind the Corporation to 
the Application Agreement and all incorporated 
agreements and disclosures, including, but not 
limited to, the Schwab One Account Agreement 
and the Charles Schwab Pricing Guide for 
Individual Investors, each as amended from time 
to time (the 'Agreement and Disclosures"). 
You represent and warrant that the Corporation 
documents, resolutions, agreements and laws 
governing the Corporation permit the establish-
ment and maintenance of the Account(s) in 
accordance with the Agreement and Disclosures. 
You represent and warrant that you will not take 
any action or provide any instruction to Schwab 
that exceeds your authority under Corporation 
documents, resolutions, agreements and laws 
governing the Corporation. 
You represent and warrant that each Authorized 
Individual listed on this application or subse-
quently provided to Schwab is authorized by the 
Corporation to act individually, independently 
and without the consent of the board or any 
director, officer or other person of the Corpora-
tion. You represent and warrant that any notice 
sent to any Authorized Individual will constitute 
notice to the Corporation. You represent and war-
rant that nothing in the Corporation documents. 
agreements and laws governing the Corporation 
imposes any obligation upon Schwab for 
determining the purpose or propriety (I) of any 
instructions received from any Authorized 
individual or Oh of payments or deliveries to or 
among Authorized Individuals. 
You authorize Schwab to apply the Beneficial 
Ownership information provided in this Update 
Form to all other similarly registered Organization 
accounts with the same Taxpayer identification 
Number (TIN) maintained at Schwab. 
You authorize Schwab to inquire from any source. 
including a consumer reporting agency, as to the 
identity of you and any Corporation you represent 
(as required by federal law), creditworthiness and 
ongoing eligibility for the Account(s) at account 
opening, at any time throughout the life of the 
AccounUS), and thereafter for debt collection or 
Investigative purposes. 
You agree to notify Schwab immediately in 
writing of any change that would cause these 
representations and warranties to become 
incorrect or incomplete. You hereby. Jointly and 
severally, in both personal and representative 
capacities, agree to Indemnify Schwab and its 
affiliates, officers, directors, employees and 
agents from, and to hold such persons harmless 
against, any claims, judgments, surcharges, 
settlements or other liabilities or costs of 
defense or settlement (including investigative 
and attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to 
any act or omission to act by any Authorized 
Indhidual with respect to the Account(s), the 
breach of any agreement with Schwab or any 
dispute involving you and the Corporation. 
The representations and obligations stated in 
this certification will survive the termination of 
the Account(s). 
By signing this application, you represent and 
warrant that this application and the incorpo-
rated Agreement and Disclosures constitute a 
legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable 
against the Corporation. You also agree, in your 
personal capacity, that your relationship with 
Schwab with respect to the Account(s) will be 
governed by the Agreement and Disclosures. 
Certificate of Authority and Corporate Resolution: President or Secretary 
The Corporation adopts the following Certificate 
of Authority and Corporate Resolution: 
1. Each individual whose signature appears in 
Section 9 (each, an Authorized Individual) is 
authorized to (1) provide tax certifications; 
(2) establish, maintain and operate an 
account(s) with Schwab on behalf of the 
Corporation and to bind the Corporation to the 
Application Agreement and all incorporated 
agreements and disclosures, including, but 
not limited to, the Schwab One Account Agree-
ment and the Charles Schwab Pricing Guide for 
Individual Investors, each as amended from 
time to time (the "Agreement and Disclo-
sures"); and (3) designate persons to operate 
such account(s). 
2. Each Authorized individual is authorized to act 
individually, independently and without the 
consent of the board or any director, officer or 
other person of the Corporation. Notice sent 
to any Authorized Individual will constitute 
notice to the Corporation. Nothing in the 
organizational documents, agreements and 
laws governing the Corporation imposes any 
obligation upon Schwab for determining the 
purpose or propriety (i) of any instructions 
received from any Authorized Individual or 
(i) of payments or deliveries to or among 
Authorized Individuals. 
3. The authority thereby conferred is not incon-
sistent or in conflict with the Certificate of 
Incorporation, charter, bylaws, resolution or 
other applicable constituent documents of 
the Corporation and is within the Corporation's 
corporate power and authority and agree-
ments and laws governing the Corporation. 
4, The signatures that appear in Section 9 are 
true and genuine original signatures. 
The information set forth in this Certificate of 
Authority and Corporate Resottion Is true and 
correct, and Schwab may conclusively rely upon 
this Certificate of Authority and Corporate 
Resolution until the Corporation delivers a 
written replacement Certificate of Authority and 
Corporate Resolution to Schwab at an address 
specified by Schwab. 
Schwab One Account Application Agreement for Incorporated Corporations 
Section 1: Scope of Agreement. Your agree-
ment with Schwab consists of the terms set 
forth in this Application Agreement and the 
terms set forth in the Schwab One Account 
Agreement, which incorporates the Charles 
Schwab Pricing Guide for InalWdual Investors and 
a number of other important disclosures. The 
Schwab One Account Agreement is provided 
with this application or at the opening of your 
Account. You agree to contact Schwab if you do 
not receive the Schwab One Account Agreement. 
In addition. you may in the future receive from 
Schwab supplemental terms or disclosures that 
pertain to certain account types, service 
features and benefit packages. These supple-
mental terms and disclosures, this Application 
Agreement and the Schwab One Account 
Agreement are collectively referred to as the 
"Agreement and Disclosures: You agree to read 
the Agreement and Disclosures carefully and 
retain copies for your records. 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab 6 Co.. Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. CC2344881 (1118.8ANC) APP83584.12 (12/18) 
EFTA00811988
--- PAGE 17 ---
Schwab One• Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 2 of 3 
Section 2: Acceptance of Agreement and 
Disclosures. You agree that the Agreement and 
Disclosures govern all aspects of your relation. 
ship with Schwab. Including all transactions 
between Schwab and you and all products and 
services now or in the future offered through 
Schwab. Schwab may rely on your use of 
Schwab's products and services as evidence of 
your continued acceptance of the Agreement 
and Disclosures. 
Section 3: Your Representations and Warran-
ties. You represent and warrant that: (a) you are 
of legal age in the state in which you live and you 
are authorized to enter into this Agreement: 
(b) you have suppiied accurate information in 
your Account Application; (c) no one except the 
Account Holders listed on the Account Applica-
tion (and if community property is held, the 
Account Holders' spouses) has an interest in the 
Account; (d) no additional authorizations from 
third parties are required for you to open the 
Account and effect transactions therein; 
(e) except as you have otherwise indicated on 
your Account Application or in writing to us. 
(i) you are not an employee of or affiliated with 
any securities exchange or member firm of any 
exchange, the Financial Industry Regulatory 
Authority (FINRA), or any securities firm, bank, 
fast company, or insurance company; and 
(I0 you are not a director, 10% beneficial 
shareholder. policy-making officer, or otherwise 
an 'affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act of 1933) of a publicly traded 
company: and (1) this Application Agreement, as 
amended from time to time, is a legal, valid and 
binding obligation, enforceable against you in 
accordance with its terms. 
Section 4: Account Handling. Schwab will 
automatically hold all of your securities 
purchased, sales proceeds. dividends and 
interest. Schwab will also release your name, 
address and securities positions to companies 
in which we hold securities for your Account 
upon request, unless you notify us otherwise In 
Writing. If you maintain more than one account 
at Schwab, you authorize Schwab to transfer 
assets between your accounts when no written 
authorization Is requested. 
Section 5: Responsibility for Investment 
Decisions. You agree that you and any agent 
under a power of attorney or Investment Advisor 
(if you have one) are solely responsible for 
investment decisions in your Account, including 
whether to buy or sell or hold a particular secu-
rity. Unless required by law, or unless Schwab 
provides advice to you that is clearly identified 
as an individualized recommendation for you, 
you understand that Schwab has no obligation 
to determine whether a particular transaction, 
strategy, or purchase or sale of a security is 
suitable for you. Your obligation includes an affir-
mative duty to monitor and stay informed about 
Your Account and your investments and respond 
lb Changes as you deem appropriate. 
Unless Schwab otherwise agrees with you in 
writing. Schwab does not have any discretionary 
authority or obligation to review or make recom-
mendations for the investment of securities or 
cash in your Account. 
You acknowledge that Schwab does not provide 
tax or legal advice. 
Section 6: Payment of Indebtedness. You agree 
to make payment of any indebtedness related to 
your Account, including. but not limited to, any 
such Indebtedness that results from instructions 
provided to Schwab by you, your agent or any 
attorney-in-fact under a power of attorney or 
Investment Advisor authorized to make transac-
tions in your Account. We may elect anytime, with 
or without notice, to make any debit balance or 
other obligation related to your Account imrnedi. 
ately due and payable. We may report any 
pastdue account to a consumer and/or 
securities credit reporting agency. We may also 
refer your Account to a collection agency. 
Section 7: Security for Indebtedness. Note: 
This section does not apply to any tax-qualified 
accounts subject to the prohibited transaction 
rules of the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA, or 
any indebtedness arising therefrom. 
As security for the repayment of all present or 
future indebtedness owed to us by any Account 
Holder under the Schwab One Account Agree-
ment or otherwise, each Account Hokier grants 
to us a continuing security interest in and lien 
on, and a right of setoff with respect to. all 
Securities and Other Property that are, now or in 
the future, held, carried or maintained for any 
purpose In or through the Schwab One Account. 
and, to the extent of such Account Holder's 
interest in or through. any present or future 
account with us in which the Account Holder has 
an interest. 
If you owe money to Schwab as the result of 
activity in your Account and there are assets 
available in any account that you hold at Schwab 
which could fully or partially satisfy the debt, you 
agree that upon Schwab's written demand, you 
will execute all documents necessary t0 effect a 
distribution from your account and agree to pay 
or cause such funds to be paid immediately to 
Schwab in order to satisfy your indebtedness 
to Schwab. 
Section 8: Liquidations. Whenever it is neces-
sary for our protection or to satisfy a margin 
deficiency, debit or other obligation owed us, we 
may (but are not required to) sell, assign and 
deliver all or any part of the property securing 
your obligations, or close any or all transactions 
in your Account. We may choose which property 
to buy or sell, which transactions to close and 
the sequence and timing of liquidation. We may 
take such actions on whatever exchange or 
market and in whatever manner (including pubic 
auction or private sale) that we choose in the ex-
ercise of our business Judgment. You agree not 
to hold us liable for the choke of which property 
to buy or sell or of which transactions to close 
or for timing or manner of liquidation. 
In certain circumstances we may. at our sole 
discretion, liquidate your entire margin loan 
balance to satisfy a margin call. You agree not 
to hold us liable for taking such action. 
We may transfer property from any non-retirement 
brokerage account in which you have an interest 
to any other brokerage accounts in which you 
have an interest regardless of whether there 
are other Account Holders on either account, 
if we determine that your obligations are not 
adequately secured or to satisfy a margin defi-
ciency or other obligation. You agree to pay on 
demand any account deficiencies after liquida-
tion. whether liquidation is complete or partial. 
All of the above may be done without demand 
for margin or notice of purchase, sale, transfer 
or cancellation to you. No demand for margin or 
notice shah impose on Schwab any obligation to 
make such demand or provide such notice to 
you in the future. Any such notice or demand is 
hereby expressly waived, and no specific 
demand or notice shall invalidate this waiver. 
Section 9: Interest on Debit Balances. We will 
charge and compound interest on your debit 
balances according to our Disclosure of Credit 
Terms and Policies. 
Section 10: Using the Check Feature. If you 
have requested the check feature through 
your Account, you authorize checks to be issued 
as indicated in your Account Application. You 
agree that each Account Holder Is authorized to 
write checks. 
Section 11: Verification. You authorize Schwab to 
Inquire from any source, including a consumer 
reporting agency, as to the identity (as required by 
law). creditworthiness and ongoing ekgrbrity for 
the Account of the Account Holders, any other 
person referred to on this appacaticn, or any 
person who Schwab is later notified is associated 
with or has an interest in the Account at account 
opening, at anytime throughout the fife of the 
Account, and thereafter for debt collection or 
investigative purposes. 
Section 12: Required Arbitration Disclosures. 
Regulatory authorities require that any 
brokerage agreement containing a predispute 
arbitration agreement must disclose that this 
agreement contains a predispute arbitration 
clause. This Agreement contains a predispute 
arbitration clause. By signing an arbitration 
agreement, the parties agree as follows: 
• All parties to this Agreement are giving up the 
right to sue each other in court, including the 
right to a trial by jury, except as provided by 
the rules of the arbitration forum in which a 
claim is filed. 
• Arbitration awards are generally final and 
binding: a party's ability to have a court 
reverse or modify an arbitration award IS 
very limited. 
• The ability of the parties to obtain docu-
ments, witness statements and other 
discovery Is generally more limited in 
arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• The arbitrators do not have to explain the 
reason(s) for their award unless, in an eligible 
case, a joint request for an explained decision 
has been submitted by all parties to the panel 
at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled 
hearing date. 
• The panel of arbitrators will typically Include 
a minority of arbitrators who were or are 
affiliated with the securities industry. 
• The rules of some arbitration forums may 
impose time limits for bringing a claim in 
arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is 
ineligible for arbitration may be brought 
in court. 
• The rules of the arbitration forum in which the 
claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, 
shall be incorporated into this Agreement. 
No person shall bring a putative or certified 
class action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce 
any predispute arbitration agreement against 
any person who has initiated in court a putative 
class action; or who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with 
respect to any claims encompassed by the 
putative class action until: 
1. the class certification Is denied; 
2. the class is decertified; or 
3. the customer is excluded from the class 
by the court. 
ST 
02018 Charles SClitiab & Co., inc. At rights reserved. Member SIPC. CC2344861 (1118.8ANE) APP63584-12 (12/18) 
EFTA00811989
--- PAGE 18 ---
Schwab Onee Account Application for Incorporated Organizations I Page 3 of 3 
Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to 
arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any 
rights under this Agreement except to the 
extent stated herein. 
Section 13: Arbitration Agreement. Any 
controversy or claim arising out of or relating 
to (I) this Agreement, any other agreement 
with Schwab, an Instruction or authorization 
provided to Schwab or the breach of any such 
agreements, instructions, or authorizations; 
(ii) the Account, any other Schwab account or 
Services; (Ili) transactions In the Account or 
any other Schwab account (iv) or In any way 
arising from the relationship with Schwab, its 
parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or service 
providers ("Related Third Parties"), including 
any controversy over the arbitrabllity of a 
dispute, will be settled by arbitration. 
This arbitration agreement will be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto 
and their respective representatives, attorneys-
in-fact, heirs, successors, assigns and any other 
persons having or claiming to have a legal or 
beneficial interest In the Account, including 
court-appointed trustees and receivers. This 
arbitration agreement will also Inure to the 
benefit of third-party service providers that 
assist Schwab in providing Services ("Third-
Party Service Providers") and such Third-Party 
Service Providers are deemed to be third-party 
beneficiaries of this arbitration agreement. 
The parties agree that this arbitration agree-
ment will apply even if the application to open 
the Account is denied and will survive the 
closure of your Account and/or the termination 
of services rendered under this Agreement. 
Such arbitration will be conducted by, and 
according to tho securities arbitration rules 
and regulations then in effect of, the Financial 
Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) or any 
national securities exchange that provides a 
forum for the arbitration of disputes, provided 
that Schwab is a member of such national 
'angles exchange at the time the arbitration 
,w
rs initiated. Any party may initiate arbitration by 
filing a written claim with FINRA or such eligible 
national securities exchange. If arbitration 
before FINRA or an eligible national securities 
exchange is unavailable or impossible for any 
reason, than such arbitration will be conducted 
by, and according to the rules and regulations 
then in effect of, the American Arbitration 
Association (AAA). If arbitration before the AAA 
is unavailable or impossible for any reason, the 
parties agree to have a court of competent 
jurisdiction appoint three (3) arbitrators to 
resolve any and all disputes or controversies 
between or among the parties. Each party shall 
bear its own Initial arbitration costs, which ore 
determined by the rules and regulations of the 
arbitration forum. In the event of financial 
hardship, the arbitration forum may waive 
certain costs in accordance with such rules. At 
the conclusion of the hearing, the arbitrators will 
decide how to assess the costs of the arbitra-
tion among the parties. 
Any award the arbitrator makes shall bo final and 
binding, and judgment on it may be entered in 
any court having jurisdiction. This arbitration 
agreement shall be enforced and interpreted 
exclusively in accordance with applicable federal 
taws of the United States, including the Federal 
Arbitration Act. Any costs, fees or taxes involved 
in enforcing the award shall be fully assessed 
against and paid by the party resisting enforce-
ment of said award. 
For FINRA arbitrations, FINRA will appoint a 
single public arbitrator in customer cases 
decided by one arbitrator. In customer cases 
decided by three arbitrators, investors have the 
option of choosing an arbitration panel with two 
public arbitrators and one non-public arbitrator 
(Majority-Public Panel Rule) or a panel of all 
public arbitrators (Optional All•Public Panel 
Rule). If the customer declines to elect a panel 
selection method in writing by the applicable 
deadline, the Majority-Public Panel Rule for 
selecting arbitrators will apply. 
All notices from one party to the other 
involving arbitration shall be considered to 
have been fully given when so served, mailed 
by first-class, certified or registered mail, or 
otherwise given by other commercially 
accepted medium of written notification. 
In addition to the above provisions, if a party 
to this Agreement is or becomes a non4J.S. 
resident at the time of any controversy subject 
to this arbitration agreement, such party 
acknowledges and agrees to the following 
additional provisions: 
(1) The rules of the organization administering 
the arbitration specifically provide for the 
formal designation of the place at which the 
arbitration is to be held. 
(2) Entering into this Agreement constitutes 
consent to submit to the personal jurisdic-
tion of the courts of the state of California, 
U.S.A., to interpret or enforce any or all of 
these arbitration provisions. Judgment on 
any arbitration award may be entered in any 
court having jurisdiction, or application may 
be made to such court for judicial accep-
tance of the award and an order of enforce-
ment, as the case may be. 
(3) The exclusive language to be used by the 
parties and the arbitrators in the arbitration 
proceedings shall be English. Any party 
wishing an interpreter shall make all 
arrangements directly with the interpreter 
and shall assume all costs of the service. 
(4) If a party is a foreign government or state, 
state-owned or state-operated enterprise or 
other instrumentality of a foreign govern-
ment or state, such party waives all rights 
of sovereign immunity and neither the 
Federal Act of State doctrine nor the 
doctrine of sovereign immunity shall apply 
insofar as any enforcement in courts located 
in the U.S.A. is concerned. 
Section 14: Electronic Copies. The electronically 
stored copy of your (or your agent's) signature. 
any written Instructions or authorizations, the 
Account Application and the Agreement and 
Disclosures are considered to be the true, 
complete, valid, authentic and enforceable 
record, admissible in judicial, administrative or 
arbitration proceedings to the same extent as if 
the documents and records were originally 
generated and maintained in printed form. 
You agree to not contest the admissibility or 
• 
enforceability of Schwab's electronically stored 
copy of such documents in any proceeding 
between you and Schwab. 
Section 15: Unclaimed Property. If no 'activity 
occurs in the Account within the time period 
specified by applicable state law, the Account 
may be transferred to the appropriate state. 
Section 16: Information About SIPC. To obtain 
information about the Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation (SIPC). including an 
explanatory SIPC brochure, please contact SIPC 
at www.sipc.org or 1-202-371-8300. 
Section 17: Impartial Lottery for Securities 
Subject to Partial Call or Partial Redemption. 
If Schwab holds securities for you in street name. 
in Schwab's name. or In bearer form that are 
subject to partial call or partial redemption, then 
in the case of a partial call or partial redemption 
Schwab will use an impartial lottery system to 
select the Securities to be called or redeemed 
from among accounts holding those securities. 
For a descrl
allir 
please visit 
If 
you would like a printed description of Schwab's 
lottery system mailed to you, please contact 8 
Schwab representative at 1-800-435-4000. 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. MI rlgbts reserved. Member SIPC. CC2344861 (1118'BANE) APP63584.12 (12/18) 
EFTA00811990
--- PAGE 19 ---
charles 
SCHWAB 
Cash Features Program 
General Terms and Conditions 
Page 1 of 2 
The automatic investment of your free credit balance, including the frequency and the amount of each sweep, 
is governed by the terms and conditions set forth In the Cash Features Disclosure Statement and in the Account 
Agreement applicable to your account. The material in this document is intended for informational purposes only. 
If there is any conflict between the descriptions in this document and the terms of the Cash Features Disclosure 
Statement, the Cash Features Disclosure Statement will control. 
How the Cash 
Features Program 
Works 
Schwab's Cash Features Program is the service (described in the Cash Features Disclosure 
Statement) that we provide to automatically invest, or "sweep," the free credit balance in your 
account into a liquid investment to earn interest. The program permits you to earn income 
white you decide how those funds should be invested longer term. 
Available Cash 
Feature 
The available cash features currently consist of: 
• The free credit balance in your eligible account (the "Schwab One Interest feature"), on 
which Schwab pays interest; 
• Interest-bearing deposit accounts at one or more of our affiliated banks (the "Bank Sweep 
feature" for most accounts and the "Bank Sweep for Benefit Plans feature" for retirement 
plan accounts); and 
• For some accounts, one or more affiliated money market mutual funds (the "Money Fund 
Sweep feature"). 
Eligibility 
Eligibility for each cash feature is based on the registered ownership and the type of account. 
Not all account registrations and account types will be eligible for all cash features. Some 
account registrations and account types will be eligible for only one cash feature. Please see 
your Account Application and the Cash Features Disclosure Statement for more complete 
eligibility details. 
Duty to Monitor 
Eligibility for Cash 
Features 
It is your responsibility to monitor your eligibility for the cash features and determine the best 
cash feature available to you. Schwab is not responsible for contacting you if you are, or later 
become, eligible for other higher-yielding cash features. 
Interest Rates and 
Yields 
The interest rates and yields for the different cash features vary over time. There is no 
guarantee that the interest rate and yield on any particular cash feature will be or will remain 
higher than the interest rate and yield on any other cash features over any period. Current 
interest rates and yields can be obtained by contacting your independent investment advisor 
or your Financial Consultant, or by callin us at 1- 
-4 5-4000. If you already have an 
account, you can visit our website at 
If 
r ccount is an Advisor 
Services account, please contact your advisor, visit 
, or call 
Schwab Alliance at 1-800-515-2157. 
• The interest rate on the Schwab One Interest feature is set by Schwab. We may seek to pay 
as low a rate as possible consistent with our views of competitive necessities. With certain 
exceptions, the rate will be tiered based upon the overall free credit balance within your 
account. 
• The interest rate on the Bank Sweep feature is set by our affiliated bank(s), which may 
seek to pay as low a rate as possible consistent with their views of competitive necessities. 
Retirement accounts will be paid a reasonable rate consistent with applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. With certain exceptions, the rate will be tiered based upon your 
account type and the combined amount of your account's Bank Sweep deposits at our 
affiliated bank(s). 
Brokerage Products: Not FDIC-Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose Value 
ST 
02017 Owles Schwab.; Co. Inc. Al rights resemd. member SIPC. SC1297321101184104 MS91285-01 WITT) 
EFTA00811991
--- PAGE 20 ---
Cash Features Program General Terms and Conditions I Page 2 of 2 
Interest Rates and 
Yields 
(Continued) 
• The interest rate on the Bank Sweep for Benefit Plans feature is set by our affiliated bank(s), 
which intend to pay interest consistent with reasonable rate provisions of applicable legal 
and regulatory requirements. This may be lower than some competitors' rates. Interest rates 
do not vary by tiers and do not vary based on your cash balances. 
• Money market mutual funds offered through the Money Fund Sweep feature seek to achieve 
the highest yield (less fees and expenses) consistent with prudence and their investment 
objectives. 
Cash features are not intended to be long-term investments, and yields on any of our cash 
features may be lower than those of similar investments or deposit accounts offered outside 
the Cash Features Program. If you desire to maintain cash balances for other than a short-term 
period and/or are seeking the highest ields 
l 
v i ble in the market, please contact 
your Schwab representative or visit 
for investment options that may 
be available outside of the Cash Features Program to help maximize your return potential 
consistent with your investment objectives and risk 
an Advisor 
Services account, please contact your advisor, visit 
, or call 
Schwab Alliance at 1-800-515-2157. 
Benefits to Schwab 
We may charge fees and receive certain benefits under the different cash features. A portion 
of these fees and benefits may be shared with your investment professional. Because of these 
fees and benefits, we have a financial incentive to select the particular cash features included 
in the Cash Features Program. 
Differing Risks and 
Account Protection 
The different cash features are subject to different risks and account protection: 
• The Schwab One° Interest feature is not subject to market risk and value loss but is subject 
to the risk of Schwab's failure. In the unlikely event that Schwab fails, cash is eligible for 
SIPC coverage up to a limit of $250,000 (including principal and interest) per client in each 
insurable capacity (e.g., individual or joint). Free credit balances held at Schwab are not 
insured or guaranteed by the FDIC. 
• The Bank Sweep and Bank Sweep for Benefit Plans features are not subject to market risk 
and value loss but are subject to the risk of the failure of one or more of our affiliated banks. 
In the unlikely event that one or more of our affiliated banks fails, deposits at each bank 
are eligible for FDIC insurance protection up to a limit of $250,000 (including principal and 
interest) per depositor in each insurable capacity (e.g., individual, joint, and plan participant). 
This limit includes any other deposits you may have at that bank outside of the Bank Sweep 
and Bank Sweep for Benefit Plans features. You are responsible for monitoring your bank 
balances in the Bank Sweep and Bank Sweep for Benefit Plans features and the balances 
in any of your other bank accounts at each affiliated bank to determine if these, in total, 
exceed FDIC insurance limits. Monies held in both features are not covered by SIPC. 
• Money market mutual funds in the Money Fund Sweep feature invest in high-quality, short-
term securities and seek to maintain a stable value, but are subject to market risks and 
potential value loss. They are not bank accounts and are not subject to FDIC insurance 
protection. They are instead covered by SIPC, which protects against the custodial risk (and 
not a decline in market value) when a brokerage firm fails by replacing missing securities 
and cash up to a limit of $500,000, of which $250,000 may be cash. Shares held through the 
Money Fund Sweep feature are not considered cash, but are treated as securities for SIPC 
coverage. 
Brokerage Products: Not FDIC-Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose Value 
Sr 
02017 Charles Schwab& Ca.Inc. Al right' resew!. Member SPC. CC1292321 10118-7768) REG9122601107/17) 
EFTA00811992
--- PAGE 21 ---
charles 
SCHWAB 
Important Information About Your Informed 
Consent to Receive Paperless Documents 
The Purpose and Effect of Your Consent 
This disclosure and informed consent applies to all communications for 
ices offered in person or available via 
, or via a Schwab mobile website or 
mobile application used to access those accounts, products or services, 
to the extent they are not otherwise governed by the terms of a separate 
disclosure and informed consent. 
We are required to provide to you "in writing" certain records and 
disclosures about our relationship and transactions in your account. You 
are entitled to receive those documents on paper. With your affirmative 
consent, we can provide the documents to you electronically instead via 
the Schwab Paperless Documents program ("Paperless Documents"). 
The information below will help you understand the conditions and 
requirements relating to Paperless Documents. You can 
most up-to-date version of this important information a 
papertess_consent 
Papedess Documents categories include: tax forms, trade confirmations, 
shareholder materials, statements and account documents (e.g., account 
statements and other account-related documents associated with 
the account, including account agreement amendments and program 
disclosures, fund prospectuses, and investment advisory service 
disclosures). Each of these document categories is described in detail 
below. If you are opening an account, the account agreements and account 
and program disclosures delivered to you as part of the account opening 
process are also included in Paperless Documents. Electronic documents 
specific to your transactions and account will be available online for up to 
1O years from the date of initial delivery. Your consent to receive documents 
electronically is not limited in duration and does not expire. 
Depending on where you reside, the initial scope of your Paperless 
Documents enrollment, and whether you have made modifications to 
your enrollment, not all document categories may apply to you. Certain 
documents that are not currently included in Paperless Documents may 
continue to be delivered to you via postal mail. In the future, some or all 
of these documents may be added to Paperless Documents and made 
available to you electronically in accordance with your informed consent 
to this disclosure. If you are uncertain which documents are covered by 
your Papertess Documents enrollment, please check online at schwab. 
Corn/papertess_services or call or email Schwab or Schwab Bank using the 
contact information below. 
For additional information about Schwab Bank account statements, see 
the "Addendum• on the following page. 
You indicate your consent to Paperless Documents by providing an email 
address and signing an account agreement, or by clicking or touching 
an "I consent" or other button indicating assent to or acceptance of the 
conditions and requirements relating to Paperless Documents, and we 
record your consent. The method of consent may depend on whether you 
are opening an account or separately enrolling in Paperless Documents 
for an existing account. If you do not provide consent. Schwab or Schwab 
Bank will send you paper copies. Your consent will be effective until you 
cancel your enrollment in Papertess Documents or Schwab or Schwab 
Bank notifies you that the program is discontinued. If you are a joint 
account holder, your consent binds the other account holder. 
By providing consent, you confirm that you have the ability to access 
Schwab on the web, and the ability to open, view, save, retain, and print 
PDF documents as described below. These abilities demonstrate that you 
can receive the documents we will deliver to you. You also confirm that 
you have provided a valid email address as part of the account opening or 
PaperieSS Documents enrollment process. 
We may, if necessary and at our discretion, end your participation in 
Paperless Documents, or change the terms and conditions relating 
to Paperless Documents and electronic communications. It is your 
responsibility to review any updates in a timely manner. We will provide you 
with notice of any discontinuation or update as required by law. 
Page 1 of 2 
Our Contact Information to Request Paper or Ask Questions 
To access the document and print a copy, log in to your Schwab or Schwab 
Bank account, select the "Accounts" tab, then select "Statements." To 
request paper, ask questions about, or report problems concerning 
Paperless Documents, you may contact us as follows: 
To contact us by email, log in toe, 
click "Contact Us," and then 
••
" 
Message." Advisor Services clients, please log in to 
To contact us by phone: 
• Investor Services clients: 1-800-435-4000. 
• Schwab Bank High Yield Investor Checking' (or other Schwab Bank) 
clients: 1-888-603-9000. 
• Clients in the U.K.:OO 800 0826-5001. 
• Clients in other countries: *1-415-667-84OO. 
Advisor Services clients: Contact your independent advisor or call 
1-8OO-515-2157. 
• Schwab Intelligent Portfolios• clients: 1-855-694-52O8. 
• Institutional Intelligent Portfolios® clients: 1-877-805-3399. 
To Withdraw Your Consent 
When you change your preference back to postal mail delivery, this cancels 
your enrollment in Paperless Documents and withdraws your consent 
for tha ru,,, ,n'ant rsti.nnns. .i indicate. You can do this by logging in 
to 
, Or by calling or emailing Schwab 
or Schwab Bank using the contact information above. Allow 48 hours 
for processing. Your consent will remain effective for other document 
categories for which you maintain a paperless delivery preference. 
Important note forSchwab Advisor Services clients: Canceling or 
modifying your enrollment may make your account(s) ineligible for lower 
commission rates, and the commissions you pay may increase. 
Important note for Schwab Intelligent Portfolios and Institutional Intelligent 
Portfolios clients: Intelligent Portfolios is an all-electronic service. If in the 
future you request paper documents, withdraw your consent or are unable 
to receive Paperless Documents, Schwab may terminate your account. 
Electronic Notification When a Paperless Document Is Ready 
We send you an email to let you know a document is available. For some 
documents, the email itself will be the paperless document. For other 
documents, the email wil contain a link that will allow you to access or 
download the document, and your login may be required prior to such 
access. 
Keeping Your Email Address Current and Actions Schwab or 
Schwab Bank Wilt Take If There Is a Problem 
Please note that after three consecutive months of unsuccessful electronic 
delivery attempts of your tax forms, trade confirmations, or statements and 
account documents, your accounts) will revert backto postal mail delivery. 
This will cancel your enrollment in Paperless Documents and withdraw 
your consent to receive Papertess Documents. 
It is your responsibility to notify Schwab or Schwab Bank of any change in 
your email address by logging in to the Schwab site and going to Service > 
My Profile > Email Addresses or using the contact information above. In 
addition to the unenrollment process outlined above, if we receive any 
indication either that the email notification did not reach you successfully 
or that there is a problem with your email address or service, we will take 
the following actions: 
• Tax Forms—Send a letter by postal mail within two business days to 
inform you that we were unable to deliver your tax form electronically. 
In certain circumstances, as may be required by law or regulation or 
for other reasons, we may send you the tax form itself by postal mail 
within the time period prescribed by the relevant legal or regulatory 
requirements. 
• Trade Confirmation—Send a paper copy of trade confirmation by postal 
mail within 24 hours. Also send a letter by postal mail to inform you that 
we were unable to detiveryour Trade Confirmation to you electronically. 
Sr 
O2018 Chadic Schwab 8 Co. Inc. All rights reserved. M 
SIPC. CCi597816 (0188-M1N REG86030.00 (ome) 
EFTA00811993
--- PAGE 22 ---
Informed Consent to Receive Paperless Documents I Page 2 of 2 
Statements and Account Documents—Send a letter by postal mail 
informing you that we were unable to deliver your statement or account 
document electronically. 
Shareholder Materials—Send a paper copy of the shareholder materials 
via postal mail within 24 hours. We will send you a letter informing you 
that we were unable to deliver your shareholder materials electronically. 
The account will be unenrolled from Paperless Documents, and we will 
begin to send you paper shareholder materials. 
Hardware and Software Requirements 
Paned/ass Documents requires you to have access to a device (computer 
or smartphone) with Internet service and an active email account and 
address, along with the following. 
• A current version of a common Internet browser, with JavaScript 
enabled. 
• A current version of a program, such as Adobe° Reader? that accurately 
reads and displays PDF documents. If you do not have Adobe Acrobat 
' 
n your device, you can download the free software at 
• An operating system on your device that supports the above. 
• A printer that connects to your device, if you wish to print documents. 
• Electronic storage connected to your device, if you wish to retain records 
in electronic form. (If you are using your computer, just save documents 
to your local hard drive.) 
If you use your smartphone, you must access the full Schwab website to 
view and print your documents. If you have questions relating to hardware 
and software requirements, please call or email Schwab using the contact 
information on the previous page. 
Security and Privacy Information 
Unless expressly stated, email notifications for Papertess Documents are 
not encrypted. For security and confidentiality, unencrypted emails will not 
include your name, full account number, or any other personal identifier. 
Be aware, however, that some email addresses may use part of your name 
or your entire name. If you use a work email address, your employer or 
other employees may have access to your email. To help you identify your 
account, we may include some portion, but not all, of your account number. 
Schwab or Schwab Bank may use a vendor to deliver Papertess Documents. 
Whether Schwab, Schwab Bank, or a vendor delivers the documents, 
Schwab's privacy policy applies. 
Records and Disclosures Included In Schwab and Schwab Bank's 
Paperless Documents Program 
Tax Forms relax Documents") 
A tax document provides important information you need to complete 
your tax returns. Much of the information we provide in tax documents 
is also reported to the IRS. This includes any corrected tax documents 
and accompanying notices. When a tax document is ready, we will send 
an email notification with the subject line "IMPORTANT TAX RETURN 
DOCUMENTAVAILABLE" and containing a web link to the document 
available after you log in. 
Trade Confirmations reconfirms") 
A trade confirmation is an official record of your securities transaction. 
It includes the price, number of shares, and the commission we charge 
you, as well as disclosures required under federal law. If you choose to 
receive paperless trade confirmations, the terms and conditions of your 
transaction will appear in the email and on a web page you can link to 
from the email. Your consent to receive paperless trade confirmations 
also includes paperless delivery of prospectuses or other regulatory 
information we provide to you at the time of your trade. Your consent to 
receive paperless trade confirmations also covers paperless delivery of 
Trade Confirmation Reports (TCRs) if you elect this alternative as part of 
your Managed Account enrollment. 
Statements and Account Documents ("eStatements") 
An account statement provides important information about your account, 
including the price and quantity of securities you hold, the transactions 
conducted, other activity in your account, and terms and conditions 
governing your account. Account statements are sent at the end of each 
month in which you conducted activity in your account or at the end of 
each calendar quarter, regardless of any account activity. With your 
account statements, we often include accompanying account-related 
notices and other regulatory information, including, but not limited to, 
Schwab's Statement of Financial Condition, pricing changes, changes to 
payment features, privacy policy, annual notices, amendments to your 
account agreements, and any other documents, notices, and disclosures 
required by law or regulatory rules W be provided to you. At account 
opening and from time to time thereafter, we also send you notifications 
about your account. Collectively, we call these documents, notices, and 
disclosures "account documents." When you consent to papedess account 
statements, you also consent to papertess account documents. 
Investment Advisory Service Disclosures 
(A Sub-Category of Account Documents) 
Your consent to paperless Statements and Account Documents includes 
investment advisory program disclosures, brochure supplements with 
information about individual Schwab representatives, and related 
materials such as periodic updates or annual summaries of any changes 
to those documents ("Form ADV Disclosures") as Schwab makes these 
available in the future. The investment advisory programs may include 
Schwab Private Client; Schwab Managed Portfolios' Schwab Managed 
Account Services', the Schwab Advisor Networks Schwab Intelligent 
Portfolios': and other similar advisory services, and fee-based Financial 
Planning Services. In addition to Schwab's and its affiliates' own Form ADV 
Disclosures, your consent also covers ADV Disclosures from third-party 
investment advisors whose services you select through Schwab. Paperless 
Form ADV Disclosures may accompany your account statements or be sent 
independently. If the third party does not make its Form ADV Disclosures 
available electronically, you will instead receive the standard printed 
materials by postal mail. 
Shareholder Materials ("Electronic Delivery) 
Shareholder materials include regulatory information such as 
prospectuses; prospectus supplements; quarterly, semi-annual, and 
annual reports; and proxy materials. You will receive an email notification 
with a web link to shareholder materials if you have a position in an 
equity or mutual fund as of the record date for a particular shareholder 
distribution and the materials are made available electronically by the 
issuer or third party. If the issuer or third party does not make shareholder 
materials available electronically, you will instead receive the standard 
printed materials by postal mail. By providing your consent to receive 
electronic delivery of shareholder material, you also consent to electronic 
householding. This means that if you and someone else enroll in this 
paperless service using the same email address, we may send one email 
announcement to this email address if each account holds securities of the 
same issuer. This avoids duplicate mailings of shareholder documents. If 
you no longer want electronic householding of your shareholder materials, 
you must modify your Paperless Documents enrollment as described 
above. Your shareholder materials ma include electronic proxies. You may 
elect to vote your proxy online at 
by entering the control 
number included in your email an 
d the last four digits of 
your Social Security number or Taxpayer Identification Number as your PIN. 
Addendum for Schwab Bank Papertess Statements 
("eStatements") 
Schwab Bank Paperless Documents categories include statements and 
account documents and tax forms. The above information regarding 
the purpose and effect of your consent, including how to request paper 
delivery, how to ask questions, how to withdraw consent for papertess 
delivery, electronic notification of ready statements, keeping a current 
email address, hardware and software requirements, and security 
and privacy information, are all applicable to Schwab Bank accounts. 
Paperless Documents include account statements and tax forms. In 
addition, account statements for your Investor Checking account(s), 
Investor Savings account(s), and Pledged Asset Line' account(s) provide 
important information about your accounts, including the account balance; 
the transactions conducted; other activity in your accounts; and other 
information, terms. and conditions governing your accounts. 
Brokerage Products: Hot FDIC-Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose Value 
Chides Scenvab Link and Chats Schwab & Co., Inc us mutate but aniatod tampion anti subsitUries of The Cartes Schwab Corporation. Brokerage prcoxlsolleced by tholes Schen', g Co.lnc
are not inured by the FDIC, are not &Mils et obligations ce Chain Schwab Bark, and a e Saject to investment rig. axtudin the cossble loss ce oienpal if-Nested. Depost and or lenling ceoducts 
rd services are oil wed by Drain Schwab tank, liembe FDIC Ed an FpatHasing Lender. Charles Schwab Bank es not actin or registered as a secunties broker. dealer or ',vestment adesce. 
SF 
02018 Charles Sclverab & Co.. Inc. All rigta reserved. Member SIPC. CC1597876 (0188-7A1V) REG8E030-03 (01/18) 
EFTA00811994
--- PAGE 23 ---
',Anted on reepled paper. 
ST 
02018 Charles Schwab & Co.. Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. CC2344861 (1118 BANE) APP63584 12 (12/18) 
00219912 
EFTA00811995

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811996.pdf
----------------------------------------
Elysium 
MANAGEMENT 
September 18, 2017 
Ms. Laura Gowen 
Laura Gowen Art Connection SA 
2-4, place du Grand-Mezel 
CH-1204 Geneve, Suisse 
Re: 
Paul Klee, Was fehlt ihm?, 1930, oil on cotton laid down on canvas, 
V. x 17 'A in., signed `Klee' (lower right); signed again, dated, numbered 
and titled `1930 AE 9 "was fehlt ihn?" Klee' (on the stretcher) 
Dear Ms. Gowen: 
I am the in-house art attorney at Elysium Management LLC, the family office of Leon D. Black. 
This letter is to confirm that Narrows Holdings LLC ("Narrows"), one of Mr. Black's family 
entities, owns the above work of art (the "Klee") and has agreed to sell the Klee to Sublime Art 
LLC, having an office at 244 Fifth Avenue #1590, New York, New York 10001 ("Sublime"). 
Sublime has informed us that it is purchasing the Klee for resale. Once Sublime receives 
payment in full of the agreed-upon sale proceeds for the Klee, Sublime is authorized to arrange 
shipment of the Klee to Switzerland. 
If you have any questions, please feel free to telephone me 
Sincerely, 
Heather Gray, Esq. 
or email me 
Art Counsel 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 • New York, New York 10022 
EFTA00811996

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811997.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
O1lice of the Inspector General 
January 29, 2019 
The Honorable Debbie Wasserman Schultz 
The Honorable Charlie Crist 
The Honorable Frederica Wilson 
The Honorable Steve Cohen 
The Honorable Lois Frankel 
The Honorable Ted Deutch 
The Honorable Cheri Bustos 
The Honorable Val Butler Demings 
The Honorable Darren Soto 
The Honorable Juan Vargas 
The Honorable Kathy Castor 
The Honorable Alcee Hastings 
The Honorable Grace F. Napolitano 
The Honorable Stephanie Murphy 
United States House of Representatives 
Washington, D.C. 20515 
Dear Representatives: 
I am writing in response to your letter dated November 30, 2018, 
requesting that the Department of Justice (DOJ) Office of the Inspector General 
(OIG) conduct an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the 
decision of then-U.S. Attorney R. Alexander Acosta to enter into a non-
prosecution agreement with Jeffrey Epstein. Your letter raises important 
questions about the resolution of this case by Department attorneys. However, 
the OIG does not currently have jurisdiction over matters involving allegations 
of misconduct relating to DOJ attorneys' handling of litigation or legal 
decisions. Congress, in Section 8E(b)(3) of the Inspector General Act, granted 
exclusive jurisdiction over such matters to the DOJ Office of Professional 
Responsibility. 
Over the past 30 years, my three predecessors as DOJ Inspector General 
and I have objected to this limitation on the OIG's jurisdiction because it 
shields prosecutorial misconduct from review by a statutorily independent O1G. 
Recent editorials in The New York Times and the Miami Herald also have 
EFTA00811997
--- PAGE 2 ---
expressed serious concerns about this limitation on the OIG's jurisdiction, with 
reference to the Epstein prosecution decision.' 
Earlier this month, the House of Representatives passed without 
opposition H.R. 202, the "Inspector General Access Act of 2019," legislation 
that removes this limitation on the OIG's jurisdiction. Identical legislation has 
previously received bipartisan support in the Senate. It is certainly our hope 
that the Senate takes up and passes the Inspector General Access Act, thereby 
enabling my office to exercise jurisdiction over allegations of attorney 
misconduct. 
Thank you for your inquiry, and for your support of independent 
oversight. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact me or 
Adam Miles, Counselor to the Inspector General, at (202) 514-3435. 
Sincerely, 
4.
Michael E. Horowi 
Inspector General 
cc: Corey R. Amundson 
Director and Chief Counsel 
DOJ Office of Professional Responsibility 
I "Federal Prosecutors Need a Watchdog, Too," The New York Times Editorial Board, December 
25, 2018 (available at httos://www.nvtimes.com/2018/12/25/ooinion/editorials/orosecutors-
iustice-insoector-general.html); `Senate's First Order of Business: Remove roadblock to 
independent investigation into egregious Acosta/Epstein plea deal," Miami Herald Editorial 
Board, January 2, 2019 (available at 
httris:/ /www.miarniherald.com /opinion /editorials/article223741420.htmll. 
EFTA00811998

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00811999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00811999.pdf
----------------------------------------
M AJ O R , 419 Park Avenue South 
Telephone 
I suite 1201 
I Facsimile 
I New York, NY 10016 
model management 
NEW YORK • PARIS • MILAN • MUNICH 
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR'S AGREEMENT 
Between Major Model Management Inc., New York 
and 
This agreement certifies that I am an independent contractor and not an employee of Major 
Model Management Inc., NY. 
As my manager, Major Model Management Inc negotiates only my time and image use fee 
compensation on assignment-by-assignment basis. 
I understand and agree that I am responsible for the payment of my own federal, state and 
city income taxes, social security taxes, workman's compensation and liability insurance. I 
am not eligible to collect unemployment benefits. As I am not a resident of New York or in 
the United States of America. 
I understand and agree that Major Model Management Inc., NY as management service and 
convenience to me in order to promote by services, will from time to tome charge expenses 
on my behalf such as portfolios, cards, color copies, pictures, airfares, hotel expenses, 
messengers, etc. to my account. I agree that such expenses will be deducted from my 
checks, as they become available. 
Any photographs, cards, or portfolios left on the premises of Major Model Management 
Inc, NY arc left at my own risk, and I agree to hold Major Model Management Inc, NY 
harmless for any loss of such materials for whatever reason. 
Signed: 
 Date:  
e 1/4
-s7.0 -0, 7' 
Printed Name: 
Social Security no: 
Telephone no: 
Address: 
City:  
 State:  
 Zip: 
Major Model Management Inc. 
Authorized representative 
EFTA00811999

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812000.pdf
----------------------------------------
AARON 
F
A
B
E
R 
February 15, 2017 
Purchaser: Jeffrey Epstein 
666 Fifth Avenue New York NY 10103 T 212.586.8411 F 
INVOICE 
www.aaronfabeccom 
Description: Patek Philippe 18k yellow gold, open face pocket watch, split seconds 
chronograph, minute repeater. White porcelain dial with register, painted black Arabic 
hour markers and black painted minute track. Serial number 124612, case number 
415611. Dial, case, movement signed. Swiss. Ca. 1905. 
Purchase price: 
$52,000 
NY State sales tax 
4.615 
Total 
$56,615 
Amount paid 
( 52,0001 
Balance due 
$4,615 
Balance payment by wire, instruction attached. 
Thank you. 
Edward Faber 
EFTA00812000

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812001.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVE ROADRUCK 
PRESIDENT 
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC 
12887 PLUMMER GRANT ROAD 
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32258 
EMAIL: SROADRUCK60aGMAIL,COM 
MEMORANDUM 
To: -Richard Kahn 
From: Steve Roadruck 
Re: 
Date: 03/28/19 
R-58-19 
DOB: 08/26/1979 
SSN: 059-64-8662 
I have attached a Comprehensive Re ort on 
her recent addresses are in 
Corn • ehensive re • ort did not contain an criminal cases. She sold her 
TELEPHONE: 
FAX: 
. The 
All 
I did not find anything negative in a social media search. 
I researched the entire state of New York and did'not find any civil or 
criminal cases. 
I am waiting for the completion of the 
Criminal search. 
has a new system and it may take awhile for this search to 
come back. .I am confidant with the results of the Comprehensive Report 
that she'does not have any criminal history. 
EFTA00812001
--- PAGE 2 ---
3/28/2019 
Live Database Atea 
DISMISSED, CASE_CLOSED 
Assigned to: Judge Stephen Raslavich 
Chapter 13 
Voluntary 
Asset 
• 
Debtor disposition: Dismissed for failure 
to make plan payments 
Trustee; 
FREDERICK L. REIGLE 
Chapter 13 Trustee 
2901 St. Lawrence Avenue 
P.O. Box 4010,
Readin PA 19606 
U.S. Trustee 
United States,Trustee 
Office of the U.S. ,Trustee 
833 Chestnut Street 
Suite 500 
U.S. Bankruptcy Court 
Eastern District of Pennsylvania Philadel hia) 
Bankruptcy Petition #: 
Date filed: 09/19/2016 
Date terminated: 05/22/2017 
Debtoi, dismissed: 03/29/2017 
represented CAROL B. MCCULLOUGH 
by McCullough Eisenberg, LLC 
W. Street Road 
Suite A-204 
Warminister, PA 18974 
Fax: 
Email: mccullougheisenberg@gmal I corn 
represented POLLY A.,LANGDON 
by Frederick L. Reigle, Esq. 
2901 St. Lawrence Avenue 
P.O. Box 4010 
Readin PA 19606 
Email: 
hupsTectpaeb.uscarts.govicgt-bm/DktRpt.pl?126385065261649-1_1_0-1 
119 
EFTA00812002
--- PAGE 3 ---
3/28/2019 
Philadelphia, PA 19107 
Live Database Area 
(215) 57-4411 
r. 
Filing 
Date 
# 
. Docket Text 
Chapter 13 VOluntary Petition for 
(7 pgs) 
Individual . Fee Amount $310 Debtor has 
received counseling and has attached 
rualu
d documents Filed by-
. Ceriification Concerning Credit 
Counseling and/or Certificate of Credit 
Counseling due 9/26/2016. Matrix List of 
Creditors due 09/26/2016. Government 
Proof of Claim Deadline: 
03/18/2017.Chapter 13 Statement of,Your 
Current Monthly Income and Calculation 
of Commitment Period Form 122C-1 Due 
10/3/2016 Means Test Calculation Form 
122C-2 Due49/3/2016. Schedules AB-J 
due 10/3/2016. Statement of Financial 
Affairs due 10/3/2016. Summary of Assets 
• 
and Liabilities Form B106 due 10/3/2016. 
Atty Disclosure Statement due 10/3/2016. 
. Incomplete Filings due by 10/3/201'6. 
(MCCULLOUGH, CAROL) Modified on 
9/20/2016 (GJennifer). (Entered: 
09/19/2016 
09/19/2016): .i 0 
s
.) 
Receipt of Voluntary Petition (Chapter 13) 
(16-16606) [misc,volpl3a] (310.00).
Filing Fee. Receipt number 17857556. Fee 
Amount $ 310.00. (re: Doc# 1) (U.S. 
09/19/2016 
Treasury) (Entered: 09/19/2016) 
09/19/2016 
Statement of Social Security Number 
Received. Filed by CAROL B. 
MCCULLOUGH on behalf of 
A. 
htlpsliecf.paeb.uscoufts.govicgi-bm/DkiRpt.p1, 1263135065261649-L_1_0-1 
2/9 
EFTA00812003
--- PAGE 4 ---
3/28/2 19 
Live Database Area 
Grimston. (MCCULLOUGH, CAROL) 
(Entered: 09/0/2016) 
20 2016 
FREDERICK: L. REIGLE added to case. 
(G., Jennifer) (Entered: 09/20/2016) 
• 
09/20/2016. 
(1 pg) 
Order Entered the debtor having failed to 
file or submit .with the petition all of the 
documents required by Fed. R. 
Bankr.P.1007t.:4 is hereby ORDERED that 
this case MAtIlE DISMISSED 
WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE if the 
documents listed are not filed by deadlines 
listed: Certification Concerning Credit 
Counseling and/or Certificate of Credit 
Counseling due 9/26/2016. Matrix List of 
Creditors due 09/26/2016. Chapter 13 
Statement of Your Current Monthly 
Income and 6lculation of Commitment 
Period Form 122C-1 Due 10/3/2016 
Means Test Calculation Form 122C-2 
Due: 10/3/2016. Schedules AB-J due 
10/3/2016. Statement of Financial Affairs 
due 10/3/2010. Summary of Assets and 
Liabilities Form B106 due 10/3/2016. 
Atty Disclosure Statement due 10/3/2016. 
Any request for an extension of time must 
be filed prior to the expiration of the 
deadlines listed. (G., Jennifer) (Entered: 
09/20/2016) 
09/22/2016 
(2 pgs) 
BNC Certificate of Mailing - Voluntary 
Petition. Numer of Notices Mailed: 
(related documents) (Related Doc # a)). 
No. of Notic0,: 1. Notice Date 
09/22/2016. (/Xdmin.) (Entered: 
09/23/2016) • 
09/26/2016 
.d 
(2 pgs) 
Notice of Appearance and Request f9r 
Notice by. JOHN A. TORRENTE Fired by 
httpelleapseb.uscaurts.gliy/cg4bInOktRpt.07126385065261649-1_1_01 
3/9 
EFTA00812004
--- PAGE 5 ---
3/28/2019 
Live Database Area 
JOHN A. TORRENTE on behalf of Bucks 
County Tax Claim Bureau. (TORRENTE, 
JOHN) (Entered: 09/26/2016) 
• 
09/27/2016 
Matrix Filed. Number of pages filed/ 2, 
Filed by CAROL B 
OUGH on 
behalf of
(MCCULLOUGH, CAROL) (Entered: 
09/27/2016) 1 et. 
' 
i 
09/27/2016 
(1 pg) 
Certificate of Credit Counseling Filed by 
CAROL B. M 
LOUGH on behalf of 
(MCCULLOUGH, 
CAROL) (Entered: 09/27/2016)
10/03/2016 
a 
(4 pgs; 3 docs) 
Motion to extend time to
schedules 
and statements Filed by 
Repretented by CAROL B. 
MCCULLOUGH (Counsel). 
(Attachments: # I Proposed Order # 2 
Service List) ('MCCULLOUGH, CAROL) 
(Entered: 10/03/2016) 
10/03/2016. 
(1 pg) 
Order Grantin Motion to Extend Time 
(Related Doc, ) Incomplete Filings due 
by 10/17/2016. Atty Disclosure Statement 
due 10/17/200. Chapter 13 Plan due by 
10/17/2016. Schedules AB-J due 
10/17/2016. Statement of Financial 
Affairs due 16%17/2016. Summary of 
Assets and Liabilities Form B106 due 
10/17/2016. Chapter 13 Statement of Your 
Current Monthly Income and Calculation 
of Commitnie*Yeriod Form 122C-1 Due 
10/17/2016. Isieans Test Calculation Form 
122C-2 Due: I0/17/2016. (S., Antoinette) 
(Entered: 10/04/2016) 
10/06/2016 
lii 
(2 pgs) 
BNC Certificate of Mailing - PDF
Document. (related document(s) (Related 
httpS:ifect.paeb.950aertS.90vIcgebet/DktRpt.p17126385085261649-L_1_0-1 
419 
EFTA00812005
--- PAGE 6 ---
2202019 
Lem Database 
; 
Area 
; 
Doc # 2)). Nci. of Notices: 1. Notice Date 
10/06/2016. (Admin.) (Entered: 
10/07/2016) ',„ 
10/17/2016 
a 
(2 pgs) 
ia re3 P16 Filed byll... 
. (MCCULLOUGH, CAROL) 
(Entered: 1047/2016) 
10/17/2016 
(21 pgs) 
Schedules A/B: - J Filed by CAROL B. 
MCCULLOUGH on behalf oil.. 
. (MCCULLOUGH, CAROL) 
(Entered: 10/1'7/2016) 
" 
10/17/2016 
13. 
. 
(2 pgs) 
Summary of Assets and Liabilities and 
Certain Statistical Information Filed by 
CA 
OUCH on behalf of 
. (MCCULLOUGH, 
CAROL) (Entered: 10/17/2016) 
10/17/2016 
(1 pg) 
. 
, 
Declaration About Individual Debtoi's 
Schedules Filqd by CAROL B 
mccunoupH on behalf of... 
. (MCCULLOUGH, CAROL) 
(Entered: 1ogigolo 
, 
10/17/2016 
1.1 
(6 pgs) 
Statement of financial Affairs for 
Individual Filed by CAROL B 
MCCULLOUGH on behalf of 
. (MCCULLOUGH, CAROL) 
(Entered: 10/17/2016) 
10/17/2016 
ift 
(3 pgs) 
Chapter 13 Stiitement of Your Current 
Monthly Incotne and Calculation of ' 
Commitment Period for 5 Years Form 
122C-1. Disposable Income Is Not ' 
Determined Filed by CAROL B. 
MCCULLOUGH on behalf of 
(MCCULLOUGH, CAROL) 
(Entered: 10/17/2016) 
httpa://eetpaeb.uscourts.gaviegken/DktRptpl,  I 26385065261649-L_1_0-
519 
EFTA00812006
--- PAGE 7 ---
3/28/2019 
Uve Database Area 
10/17/2016 
• 
(1 pg) 
Disclosure of compensation of Attorney 
for Debtor in the amount of 3500.00 
Debtor 
Filed by 
CAROL B. MCCULLOUGH on behalf of 
(MCCULLOUGH, 
CAROL) (Entered: 10/17/2016) 
11/15/2016, 
.La 
(2 pgs) 
Meeting of Creditors. The Debtor has filed 
a Plan. This Plan proposes payment to the 
trustee of $447.66 per month for 60
months. Filed, by FREDERICK L.
REIGLE. 341,(a) meeting to be held on 
12/16/2016 atA11:00 AM at 1234 Market 
Street. ObjectiRn to Dischargeability of 
Certain Debts due: 2/14/2017. Proofs of 
Claims due by 3/16/2017. Government 
Proof of Claim Deadline: 
03/18/2017.COnfirmation Hearing 
scheduled 1/11/2017 at 10:00 AM at nix4 
- Courtroom 44. (REIGLE, FREDERICK) 
(Entered: 11/15/2016) 
11/18/2016 
(4 pgs) 
BNC Certificate of Mailing - Meeting of 
Creditors. Number of Notices Mailed: 
(related document(s) (Related Doc # 2)). 
No. of Notices; 9. Notice Date 
11/18/2016. (Admin.) (Entered: 
11/19/2016) 
01/11/2017 
Confirmation Rearing Continued on 2 
Confirmation Hearing scheduled 
3/22/2017 at 10:00 AM at nix4 -
Courtroom #4. (S., Antoinette) (Entered: 
01/11/2017) 1.
91/12/2017 
Meeting of Creditors Continued. Reason 
for continuance: 12/16/2016 meeting of 
creditors contiptied at request of Counsel 
for Debtor(s)tkew date and time to be 
i 
https://ectpaeb.usoauls.govicgi-binThktRpt.pl?126385065261649-L_1_0-1 
6/9 
EFTA00812007
--- PAGE 8 ---
3128/2019 
Live Database Area
announced... (REIGLE, FREDERICK) 
(Entered: 01/12/2017) 
Meeting of ' editors Continued. Reason 
for continuance'.. 341(a) meeting to be 
held on 2/10/2017 at 11:00 AM at 1234 
Market Street. (REIGLE, FREDERICK) 
01/18/2017 
(Entered: 0I/r8/2017) 
2.a 
. 
Document in re: Notice of Rescheduled 
(4 pgs; 2 docs) Meeting of Cr.ditors Filed by CAROL B. 
mccunowi on behalf of 
(r4101 document(s) 21 , 2 , 
la). (Attachnients: # 1 Service List) 
(MCCULLOUGH, CAROL) (Entered: 
01/25/2017 
01/25/2017) !,. 
Meeting of Creditors Continued. Reason 
for continuance: 2/10/2017 meeting of 
creditors cont*ved at request of Counsel 
for Debtor(sOlew date and time to be 
announced... (REIGLE, FREDERICK) 
02/27/2017 
(Entered: 02/27/2017) 
• 
Motion to Disitiss Case for Failure to 
• 
(4 pgs; 3 does) 
Make Plan Payments , Motion to Diimiss 
Case. feasibility Filed by FREDERICK L. 
REIGLE Remented by POLLY A. 
03/07/2017 
LANGDONMunsel). (Attachments: #1 
Proposed Or r # 2 Certificate of Seivice) 
(LANGDON,POLLY) (Entered: 
. 
03/07/2017) 
03/07/2017 
L 
Notice of (relAted document(s): 25, Motion 
(2 pgs) 
to Dismiss Cap for Failure to Make Plan 
Payments ) Motion, Response Deadline 
and Hearing*e Filed by FREDERICK 
L. REIGLE. 4 .6-aring scheduled 3/29/2017 
at 10:00 AM k nix4 - Courtroom #4. 
ttps://ecf.Daeb.uscourts.gov/orbin/DktRpt.pl? I 26385065261649-1__1_0-1 
7/9 
EFTA00812008
--- PAGE 9 ---
3/28/2019 
Live Database Area 
(LANGDON,TOLLY) (Entered: 
03/07/2017) , ', 
03/22/2017 
Confirmation Hearing Continued on .1a 
Confirmation Hearing scheduled 
3/29/2017 at 10:00 AM at nix4 -
Courtroom #4. (S., Antoinette) (Entered: 
03/23/2017) 
03/28/2017 
Meeting of Creditors Continued. Reason 
for continuance:`.. 341(a) meeting to be 
held on 4/21O17 at 11:00 AM at 1234 
Market Street (REIGLE, FREDERICK) 
(Entered: 03/28/2017) 
03/29/2017 
(1 pg) 
Order Granting Motion to Dismiss Case 
for Failure to Make Plan Payments. 
Debtor Dismissed. (Related Doc # 25.) 
(S., Antoinette) (Entered: 03/29/2017) 
. 
03/29/2017 
Confirmation Hearing Held and 
concluded. Case dismissed. (S., 
Antoinette) (Entered: 03/29/2017) 
03/29/2017 
Hearing Held on 21 Motion to Dismiss 
Case for Failure to Make Plan Payments , 
Motion to Dikiiiiss Case. feasibility Filed 
by FREDERICK L. REIGLE Repreiented 
by POLLY A:',LANGDON (Counsel). 
Motion to dismiss granted. Order entered. 
(S., Antoinette) (Entered: 03/29/2017) 
03/31/2017 
(3 pgs) 
BNC Certificate of Mailing - PDF 
Document. (related document(s) (Related 
Doc # 22)). N4. of Notices: 9. Notice Date 
03/31/2017. (Admin.) (Entered:
04/01/2017) : 
04/25/2017 
Ittnalleal comb useeurlsoailool-hinffiletRetel?1,6385065261649-L 
0.1 
Meeting of Creditors Not Held on 4/21/17 
due failure of Debtor(s) to appear. 
EFTA00812009
--- PAGE 10 ---
3%28,2019 
Live Database Arne 
(REIGLE, FREDERICK) (Entered:
04/25/2017) 
05/18/2017 
(4 pgs) 
Chapter 13 Trustee's Final Report and 
Account, disinissed. Filed by 
FREDER1CK,L. REIGLE. (REIGLE, 
FREDERICK) (Entered: 05/18/2017) 
05/22/2017 
,r. 
Bankruptcy gii,e Terminated for 
Statistical Purposes. (S., Antoinette) 
(Entered: 05/22/2017) 
PACER Service Cent4
Transaction Receipt
03/28/2019 20:08:16 
PACER 
Login: 
Client 
Code: 
• 
Description: Docket Report 
Search 
Criteria • 
- s 
. '. • 
16-16606-
sr Fil or 
Ent: filed 
Doc From: 
Doc To: 
99999999
,r,' erm:
included 
Format: 
html Page 
counts for 
documents: 
included 
Billable 
Pages: 
Cost: 
0.30 
ht:ps fleet. Da e b. uscou rt;.govIcgi-bin/OktRpt.pl ?126385065261849-L_1_0-1 
9/9 
EFTA00812010
--- PAGE 11 ---
:P282019 
Live Database Area 
Case type: bk Chapter: 13 Asset: Yes Vol: v Judge: Stephen Raslavich 
Date filed: 09/19/2016 Date of last filing: 05/22/2017 
Debtor dismissed: 03/29/2017 
Date terminated: 05/22/2017 
Creditors 
American InfoSource LP as agent for 
T Mobile/T-Mobile USA Inc 
PO Box 248848 
Oklahoma City, OK 73124-8848 
AT&T Mobility II LLC 
(09/30/16) 
(13800398) 
(cr) 
%AT&T SERVICES INC. 
(03/07/17) 
KAREN A. CAVAGNARO PARALEGAL (13878558) 
ONE AT&T WAY, SUITE 3A104 
(cr) 
BEDMINSTER, NJ. 07921 
Berks Credit and Collections 
(09/27/16) 
PO Box 329 
(13798136) 
Temple, PA 19560-0329 
(cr) 
Bucks County Tax Claim Bureau 
(09/27/16) 
E Court St 
(13798137) 
Doylestown, PA 18901-4318 
(cr) 
Backs CountiTax Claim Bureau 
c/o John A. Tokrente,Esq. 
E. Court ST. 
Doylestown, PA 18901 
(09/26/16) 
(13797300) 
(cr) 
Cavalry sPy I, LLC 
(09/21/16) 
500 Summit Lake Drive, Ste 400 
(13794962) 
Valhalla, NY 10595 
(cr) 
Comcast 
(09/27/16) 
PO Box 3006 
(13798138) 
Southeastern, PA 19398-3006 
(cr) 
https://ectpaeb.uscourts.gov/cgi-binICrediterCliy.pl?4435944184329eA82-L_1_0-1 
113 
EFTA00812011
--- PAGE 12 ---
312812019 
Live Database Area 
Credit Collection Services 
(09/27/16) 
PO Box 55126 
(13798139) 
Boston, MA 02205-5126 
(cr) 
Credit Collections Services 
(09/27/16) 
725 Canton St 
(13798140) 
Norwood, MA 02062-2679 
(cr) 
ERC 
(09/27/16) 
PO Box 23870 
(13798141) 
Jacksonville, FL 32241-3870 
(cr) 
6randview Hospital 
(09/27/16) 
pO Box 397 
! • 
(13798142) 
Souderton, PA 18964-0397 
(cr) 
JC Christensen and Associates 
(09/27/16) 
PO O0x 519 
, 
(13798143) 
Sauk Rapids, MN 56379-0519 
(cr) 
Receivables Performance Management 
(09/27/16) 
PO Box 1548. 
(13798144) 
Lynnwood, WA 98046-1548 
(cr) 
Republic Services #320 
(09/27/16) 
PO Box 9001099 
(13798145) 
Louisville, KY 40290-1099 
(cr) 
Sunrise Credit Services 
(09/27/16) 
13O Box 9100 ' 
(13798146) 
Farmingdale, NY 11735-9100 
(cr) 
PACER Service Center 
Transaction Receipt 
03/28/2019 20:09 14 
PACER 
Login: 
roadruck:2623271:0 Client 
Code: 
kahn 
Description: Creditor List 
Search, 
Criterja; 
16-
I6606-sr 
Creditor 
Type: cr 
• 
haps:fleet paeb.uscourts.eoveml-bln/CreditorarveO465944186296462-L_1_0-1 
2/3 
EFTA00812012
--- PAGE 13 ---
3128/2019 
Live Database Area 
Billable 
Pages: 
Cost: 
0.10 
ettps://ecf.paeb.uscourts.govicgi-bin/CreditorQry.p17465944186296482-L1_01 
3/3 
EFTA00812013

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812014.pdf
----------------------------------------
OF Turkish Hammam & Spa 
STEAM 
CENFRATCR 
STEAM ROOM 
a 
cle 
dr 
4P 
4P 
I 
NAP
MAN 
COOltilICAt 
I 
I 
-7
L E.INTRAN:U
•r• 
■ % 
■ 
I 
a 
QUITE 
& PEACE 
ROOM 
• 
MASSAGE
* 
ROOM 
\ 
\ \ N
d r
▪ 
••• 
\ 
NE. 
IF 
Sk i
r
CAR PARKING 
••• 
atur ••• 
architecture 
interiors Ct 
Changes 
it it should have a regular massage room 
modification of relaxing area to massage 
room 
a place for cold drinks 
done 
 - 
views 
I possible view from the private part 
air condition 
will be everywhere 
steam room needs shower next to it 
done 
no staff will live there 
done 
need a place to shower 
showers are in all parts, except yours, 
like we agreed at the meeting 
▪ I parking should be closer to entrance 
r  
done 
a 
 
' too formal and people will nearly park 
L 
their bikes outdise the front door. 
A done 
EFTA00812014

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812015.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
i. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION - FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
" TEMPORARY AIRMAN CERTIFICATE 
IX 
THIS CERTIFIES THAT 
iv. WILLIAM GARY HAMMOND 
M 
iv CERTIFICATE NO 
NATIONALITY 
USA 
VI 
has been found to be properly qualihed and to hembyautherloditraccordance with the conditions of issuance on the 
reverse of this certificate to exerciii S privitages of 
AIRLINE TRANSPORT PILOT
RATINGS AND LIMITATIONS 
xii. AIRPLANE MULTIENGINE LAND; B-727; B-737; DA-200; G-1159. 
G-IV; G-V; HS-125; IA-JET; COMMERCIAL PILOT PRIVILEGES; 
AIRPLANE SINGLE ENGINE LAND; [LIMITATIONS]: ENGLISH 
PROFICIENT 
lett' 
(riarS4 
xiii. 
THIS IS DAN ORIGINAL Mel IANCE CIA REISSUANCE OF 
THIS GRADE OF CERTIFICATE 
DATE OF SUPERSEDED AIRMAN CERTIFICATE 
10/28/2008 
BY DIRECTION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR 
EXAMINER'S DESIGNATION NO. OR 
INSPECTORS REG NO 
x DATE OF ISSUANCE 
09/10/2017 12:44:28 PM 
xi SIGNATURE OF EXAMINER OR INSPECTOR 
HAROLD EUGENE FORD JR 
IACRA E•SIGNED APPLICATION CE07 
DATE DESIGNATION EXPIRES 
11/30/2017 
FAA Form 8060-4 (8-79) USE PREVIOUS EDITION 
Application Number: 1548880 
IACRA Equivalent 
XIV. CONDITIONS OF ISSUANCE 
This is an interim certificate issued subject to the approval of the Federal Aviation Administration 
pending the issuance of a certificate of greater duration. It becomes void —
1. Upon the receipt of a certificate of greater duration to replace it 
2. Upon a finding by the FAA that an error has been made in its issuance; 
3. Upon a finding by the FAA that is was issued illegally or as the result of fraud or mis-representation; 
4. Upon the refusal or failure by the holder to accomplish a flight check by a Flight Standards 
Inspector tf so requested; and 
5. In any case, at the expiration of 120 days from date of issuance. 
EFTA00812015

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812016.pdf
----------------------------------------
Generated by PitchBook for Richard Kahn, HBRK 
Associates 
Stash Invest I Private Company Profile 
Last Updated: 08-Oct-2018 
General Information 
pbiD: 119115-19 
Description 
Provider of an investment application designed to simplify investing. The company's application provide access to 
financial education, technology, advice, guidance that helps users to help pick an investment strategy that reflects their 
interests, beliefs and goals, enabling users to get access to financial opportunity that help them achieve their life goals. 
Most Recent Financing Status (as of 05.Oct-2018) 
The company raised $37.50 million of Series D venture funding in a deal led by Union Square Ventures on February 12, 
2018, putting the company's pre-money valuation at $312.5 million. Breyer Capital, Goodwater Capital, Valar Ventures, 
Entrée Capital and Coatue Management also participated in the round. The funds will be used to continue to accelerate 
product innovation. Previously, the company raised $42 million of Series C venture funding in a deal led by Coatue 
Management on July 10, 2017, putting the company's pre-money valuation at $223 million. Breyer Capital, Goodwater 
Capital and Valar Ventures also participated in the round. 
Entity Type 
Private Company 
Year Founded 
2015 
Website 
Universe 
Venture Capital 
Also Known As 
Stash 
Primary 
Application Software 
Legal Name 
Stash Investments LLC 
Industry 
Business Status 
Generating Revenue 
Other 
Financial Software, Other Financial 
Industries 
Services 
Ownership Status 
Privately Held (backing) 
Verticals 
FinTech, Mobile, SaaS 
Financing Status 
Venture Capital-Backed 
Employees 
100 
Contact Information 
Primary Contact 
Brandon Krieg 
Co-Founder. Chief Executive Officer and Board Member 
Phone: +1 (800) 205-5164 
Primary Office 
West 22nd Street 
12th Floor 
New York, NY 10010 
United States 
Phone: +1 (800) 205-5164 
Top 5 Similar Companies 
S Name 
Competitor Financing Status 
HQ 
Growth 
Size 
Last 
Last Financing 
Location 
Rate 
Multiple 
Financing 
Date/Type 
Amount 
SigFig 
Venture Capital- 
San 
0.10% 
35.68x 
2018/Series E 
$50.75M 
Backed 
Francisco, 
CA 
FutureAdvisor 1 
Accelerator/Incubator 
San 
-0.75% 
44.79x 
2015 
$152.00M 
Backed 
Francisco, 
CA 
I of 25 
2/26/19, 5:38 PM 
EFTA00812016
--- PAGE 2 ---
Motif 
Venture Capital- 
Rancho 
5.36% 
40.36x 
2015/Series E 
540.00M 
(Financial 
Software) 
Backed 
Cordova, 
CA 
Personal 
Venture Capital- 
Redwood 
0.45% 
183.41x 
2019/Series F 
550.00M 
Capital 
Backed 
City, CA 
S 
PayActiv 
Private Equity- 
San Jose. 
-0.16% 
4.67x 
2018/PE 
520.00M 
Backed 
CA 
Growth 
Comparisons 
Description 
Primary Industry 
HQ Location 
Employees 
Total Raised 
Post Valuation 
Last Financing 
Details 
Os Stash Invest 
Provider of an 
investment application 
designed to simplify 
investing. 
Application Software 
New York, NY 
100 I 2018 
5116.75M 
SigFig 
Developer of a wealth 
management platform 
designed to offer 
investment advisory 
services. 
Financial Software 
San Francisco. CA 
12015 
5117.80M 
le FutureAdvisor 
Provider of an 
automated wealth 
management and 
financial advisory 
platform intended to 
make wealth 
management experience 
accessible to everyone. 
"-"" Motif (Financial 
Software) 
Provider of an 
investment trading 
platform designed to 
empower customers to 
meet their investment 
goals. 
Financial Software 
Financial Software 
San Francisco, CA 
I 2015 
521.80M 
Rancho Cordova, CA 
164 12015 
5126.00M 
5350.00M 112-Feb-2018 
$470.75M 13-Jun-2018 
5152.00M 102-Sep-2015 
5436.43M 120-Jan-2015 
537.50M 12018/Later 
Stage VC (Series D) 
550.75M 2018/Later 
Stage VC (Series E) 
5152.00M 12015/Merger 
540.0014 12015/Later 
/Acquisition 
Stage VC (Series El 
Current Executives (12) 
Name 
Title 
Board 
Office 
Phone 
Email 
Seats 
Brandon Krieg 
Co-Founder, Chief 
New York, NY 
+1 (800) 
Executive Officer 
and Board Member 
205.5164 
Ed Robinson 
President, Co. 
New York, NY 
+1 (800) 
Founder and Board 
205.5164 
Member 
Peter Kalmakis 
Chief Technology 
New York, NY 
+1 (800) 
Officer 
205.5164 
Dale Sperling 
Chief Marketing 
New York, NY 
+1 (800) 
Officer 
205.5164 
Adrien Pesa 
Deputy CCO 
New York, NY 
+1 (800) 
205.5164 
Dougal Weir 
Research Analyst 
New York, NY 
+1 (917) 
733.4010 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812017
--- PAGE 3 ---
Shiv Kaushal 
Software Engineer 
New York, NY 
+1 (917) 
733.4010 
Ryan Burke 
Vice President, 
New York, NY 
+1 (800) 
Brokerage & 
205.5164 
Compliance 
Cliff Hazelton 
Vice President, 
New York, NY 
+1 (800) 
Engineering 
205.5164 
Garrett Wright 
Vice President, 
New York, NY 
+1 (800) 
Finance 
205.5164 
Natalie 
Vice President of 
New York, NY 
+1 (800) 
Ledbetter 
People 
205.5164 
Gifford Carter JD 
Chief Revenue 
New York, NY 
+1 (800) 
Officer 
205.5164 
Current Board Members (4) 
Name 
Title 
Representing 
Role 
Since 
Phone 
Email 
Andrew 
Co-Founding 
Velar Ventures 
Board 
Feb 
McCormack 
Partner & 
Member 
2016 
General Partner 
Brandon Krieg 
Co-Founder, 
Stash Invest 
Co- 
Jun 
+1 (800) 
Chief Executive 
Officer and 
Founder, 
Chief 
2015 
205.5164 
Board Member 
Executive 
Officer 
and 
Board 
Member 
Chi-Hua Chien 
Co-Founder & 
Goodwater Capital 
Board 
Feb 
Managing 
Member 
2016 
Partner 
Ed Robinson 
President, Co. 
Stash Invest 
President, Jul 2015 
+1 (800) 
Founder and 
Co-
205.5164 
Board Member 
Founder 
and 
Board 
Member 
Deal History (5) 
# Deal Type 
Date 
Amount 
Raised to 
Pre-Val 
Post-Val 
Status 
Stage 
Date 
5. 
Later Stage VC 
12- 
S37.50M 
$116.75M 
S312.50M 
$350.00M 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series D) 
Feb-2018 
Revenue 
4. Later Stage VC 
10-Jul-2017 
S42.00M 
479.25M 
S223.00M 
$265.0014 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series C) 
Revenue 
3. Early Stage VC 
14- 
S25.00M 
437.25M 
S75.00M 
$100.0014 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series B) 
Dec-2016 
Revenue 
30125 
2/26/19. 5:38 PM 
EFTA00812018
--- PAGE 4 ---
2. Early Stage VC 
17-
$9.25M 
412.24M 
523.89M 
$33.14M 
Completed 
Startup 
(Series A) 
Aug-2016 
1. 
Seed Round 
08- 
$3.00M 
43.00M 
412.75M 
415.75M 
Completed 
Startup 
Feb-2016 
t Indicates an Add-On 
E Estimated 
CAP TABLE HISTORY (as of 12-Feb-2018) 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Par 
Dividend 
Original 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Conversion 
% 
Authorized 
Value 
Rate S 
Issue 
Pref. 
Price 
Owned 
Price 
Multiple 
Series 
2,542,475 
$0.000010 
$0.89 
$14.75 
$14.75 
lx 
$14.75 
10.71% 
Series 
3,392,568 
$0.000010 
$0.74 
$12.38 
$12.38 
lx 
$12.38 
14.30% 
C 
Series 
4,018,574 
$0.000010 
$0.37 
$6.19 
$6.19 
lx 
$6.19 
16.93% 
B 
Series 
3,310,188 
$0.000010 
$0.17 
$2.79 
$2.79 
lx 
$2.79 
13.95% 
A 
Seed 
1,628,291 
$0.000010 
$0.11 
$1.84 
$1.84 
lx 
$1.84 
6.86% 
Seed 
1,147,725 
$0.000010 
$0.07 
$1.15 
$1.15 
lx 
$1.15 
4.84% 
Series Terms for: A, B, C, D, Seed 1, Seed 2 (as of 12-Feb-2018) 
Liquidation Preferences 
Pad Passu 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Non-Cumulative 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Non-participating 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Weighted 
Average 
Dividend Rights 
Yes 
Redemption Rights 
No 
Board Voting Rights 
Yes 
General Voting Rights 
Yes 
Deal #5: Later Stage VC (Series D), $37.5M, Completed; 12-Feb-2018 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital-
Total 
$37.50M 
Deal Types 
Later Stage VC, Series 
Status 
Backed 
Invested 
D 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Capital 
Deal 
$37.50M 
Source 
Pre-money 
$312.50M 
Amount 
Raised to Date 
$116.75M 
Valuation 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Total Invested 
$37.50M 
Post 
$350.00M 
Deal Date 
12-Feb-2018 
Equity 
Valuation 
% Acquired 
10.71% 
Investor 
Ownership 
67.59% 
CEO/Lead 
Mgt 
Brandon Krieg 
Stock Split 
: 1 
Site 
New York, NY 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised $37.50 million of Series D venture funding in a deal led by Union Square Ventures on February 12, 
2018, putting the company's pre-money valuation at $312.5 million. Breyer Capital, Goodwater Capital, Valar Ventures, 
Entrée Capital and Coatue Management also participated in the round. The funds will be used to continue to accelerate 
product innovation. 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812019
--- PAGE 5 ---
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
" Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Series of Stock 
Shares Sought 
Price Per Share 
Preferred 
D 
2,542,475 
$14.75 
# of Shares Acquired 
Conversion Ratio 
2,542,475 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SERIES D TERMS 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Dividend Rights 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Non-participating 
Yes 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Redemption Rights 
Board Voting Rights 
General Voting Rights 
Non-Cumulative 
Weighted 
Average 
No 
Yes 
Yes 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Authorized 
Par 
Value 
Dividend 
Rate S 
Original 
Issue 
Price 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Pref. 
Multiple 
Conversion
Price 
Owned 
Series 
2,542,475 
$0.000010 
$0.89 
$14.75 
514.75 
lx 
$14.75 
10.71% 
D 
Series 
3,392,568 
$0.000010 
$0.74 
$12.38 
512.38 
lx 
$12.38 
14.30% 
C 
Series 
4,018,574 
$0.000010 
$0.37 
56.19 
$6.19 
lx 
$6.19 
16.93% 
B 
Series 
3,310,188 
$0.000010 
$0.17 
52.79 
$2.79 
lx 
$2.79 
13.95% 
A 
Seed 
1,628,291 
$0.000010 
$0.11 
51.84 
$1.84 
lx 
$1.84 
6.86% 
Seed 
1,147,725 
$0.000010 
$0.07 
$1.15 
$1.15 
lx 
$1.15 
4.84% 
Investors (6) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Breyer Capital 
Follow-On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
James Breyer 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
IDG China Capital Fund 
II 
2. Coatue Management 
Follow-On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Philippe Laffont 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Coatue CT XIII 
of 25 
2/26119.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812020
--- PAGE 6 ---
3. Entree Capital 
4. Goodwater Capital 
5. Union Square Ventures 
6. Valar Ventures 
E Estimated 
Advisors (6) 
Follow-On 
Investor 
Follow-On 
Investor 
New Investor 
Follow-On 
Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Chi-Hua Chien 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Goodwater Capital II 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
Rebecca Kaden 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
USV 2016 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Andrew McCormack 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Valar Global Fund II 
# 
Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
1. Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe 
Legal Advisor 
Coatue Management 
2. Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe 
Legal Advisor 
Goodwater Capital 
3. McCarter & English 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
Lead Partner: 
David 
4. 
WilmerHale 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
Sorin JD 
5. Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Union Square 
6. Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe 
Legal Advisor 
Ventures 
Valar Ventures 
Deal #4: Later Stage VC (Series C), $42M, Completed; 10-Jul-2017 
VC Round 
Deal Types 
Deal Amount 
Deal Status 
Deal Date 
Announced 
Date 
% Acquired 
Round 
Later Stage VC, 
Series C 
$42.00M 
Completed 
10•Jul-2017 
28-Jun-2017 
15.85% 
Financing 
Status 
Financing 
Source 
Raised to Date 
Total Invested 
Equity 
Investor 
Ownership 
Stock Split 
Venture Capital-
Backed 
Venture Capital 
879.25M —
$.42.00M 
63.90% 
: 1 
Total 
Invested 
Capital 
Pre-money 
Valuation 
Post 
Valuation 
CEO/Lead 
Mgt 
Site 
Business 
Status 
542.OOM 
5223.OOM 
5265.OOM 
Brandon Krieg 
New York, NY 
Generating 
Revenue 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812021
--- PAGE 7 ---
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised $42 million of Series C venture funding in a deal led by Coatue Management on July 10, 2017, putting 
the company's pre-money valuation at 5223 million. Breyer Capital, Goodwater Capital and Valar Ventures also 
participated in the round. The fund will be used to accelerate the company's investments in technology and data analytics, 
to better serve its growing community of investors with more personalization, educational tools, and new products. 
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
" Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Series of Stock 
Shares Sought 
Price Per Share 
Preferred 
# of Shares Acquired 
3,392,568 
C 
Conversion Ratio 
3,392,568 
$12.38 
S Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SERIES C TERMS 
Liquidation Preferences 
Pari Passu 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Non-Cumulative 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Non-participating 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Weighted 
Average 
Dividend Rights 
Yes 
Redemption Rights 
No 
Board Voting Rights 
Yes 
General Voting Rights 
Yes 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Authorized 
Par 
Value 
Dividend 
Rate S 
Original 
Issue 
Price 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Pref. 
Multiple 
Conversion 
Price 
Owned 
Series 
3,392,568 
$0.000010 
$0.74 
$12.38 
512.38 
lx 
$12.38 
15.85% 
C 
Series 
4,038,772 
$0.000010 
$0.37 
56.19 
$6.19 
lx 
$6.19 
18.87% 
B 
Series 
3,310,188 
$0.000010 
$0.17 
52.79 
$2.79 
lx 
$2.79 
15.46% 
A 
Seed 
1,628,291 
$0.000010 
$0.11 
51.84 
$1.84 
lx 
$1.84 
7.61% 
Seed 
1,309,277 
$0.000010 
$0.07 
$1.15 
$1.15 
lx 
$1.15 
6.12% 
Investors (4) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Breyer Capital 
Follow-On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
James Breyer 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
IDG China Capital Fund 
2. Coatue Management 
New Investor 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
Philippe Laffont 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812022
--- PAGE 8 ---
3. Goodwater Capital 
4. Valar Ventures 
E Estimated 
Advisors (3) 
# 
Advisor Name 
1. Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe 
2. WilmerHale 
3. 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Form of Payment: 
Fund 1: 
Follow•On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Fund 1: 
Follow•On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Fund 1: 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
Legal Advisor 
Coatue Management 
Lead Partner: 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
Legal Advisor 
Valar Ventures 
Cash 
Coatue CT XIII 
Chi•Hua Chien 
Cash 
Goodwater Capital I 
Andrew McCormack 
Cash 
Valar Global Fund II 
John 
Bautista 
Deal #3: Early Stage VC (Series B), $25M, Completed; 14-Dec-2016 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital-
Total 
525.OOM 
Deal Types 
Early Stage VC, Series 
Status 
Backed 
Invested 
B 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Capital 
Deal 
525.OOM 
Source 
Pre-money 
575.OOM 
Amount 
Raised to Date 
537.25M —
Valuation 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Total Invested 
$25.00M 
Post 
5100.OOM 
Deal Date 
14-Dec-2016 
Equity 
Valuation 
% Acquired 
25.00% 
Investor 
Ownership 
63.67% 
CEO/Lead 
Mgt 
Brandon Krieg 
Stock Split 
: 1 
Site 
New York, NY 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised 525 million of Series B venture funding in a deal led by Valar Ventures on December 14, 2016, putting 
the pre•money valuation at $75 million. Goodwater Capital, Entrée Capital and Breyer Capital also participated in the 
round. The funds will be used to continue to develop new features, services and products; including its free educational 
hub, Learn. 
* Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
•• Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812023
--- PAGE 9 ---
Type of Stock 
Preferred 
# of Shares Acquired 
4,038,772 
Sehlictsdtalttotod Price Per Sharelitalculatecl using the Weighted ACISMeatiffitnciRatio 
sPeeissirileirms 
4.038,772 
Price Per Share 
$6.19 
Liquidation Preferences 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Dividend Rights 
Pad Passu 
Non-participating 
Yes 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Redemption Rights 
Board Voting Rights 
General Voting Rights 
Non-Cumulative 
Weighted 
Average 
No 
Yes 
Yes 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Authorized 
Par 
Value 
Dividend 
Rate S 
Original 
Issue 
Price 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Pref. 
Multiple 
Conversion
Price 
Owned 
Series 
4.038,772 
$0.000010 
50.37 
$6.19 
$6.19 
lx 
$6.19 
25.00% 
B 
Series 
3,310,188 
$0.000010 
50.17 
52.79 
$2.79 
lx 
$2.79 
20.49% 
A 
Seed 
1,628,291 
$0.000010 
50.11 
51.84 
$1.84 
lx 
$1.84 
10.08% 
Seed 
1,309,277 
$0.000010 
50.07 
$1.15 
$1.15 
lx 
$1.15 
8.10% 
Investors (4) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Breyer Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
James Breyer 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
2. Entree Capital 
Follow-On 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Investor 
3. Goodwater Capital 
Follow-On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Chi-Hua Chien 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Goodwater Capital I 
4. Velar Ventures 
Follow-On 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
Andrew McCormack 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
E Estimated 
Advisors (2) 
# 
Advisor Name 
1. McCarter & English 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
Lead Partner: 
David 
Sorin JD 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812024
--- PAGE 10 ---
2. Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Valar Ventures 
Deal #2: Early Stage VC (Series A), $9.25M, Completed; 17-Aug-2016 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital-
Total Invested 
$9.25M 
Deal Types 
Early Stage VC, Series 
Status 
Backed 
Capital 
A 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Pre-money 
$23.89M 
Deal 
$9.25M 
Source 
Valuation 
Amount 
Raised to Date 
$12.25M 
Post Valuation 
$33.14M 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Total Invested 
$9.25M 
CEO/Lead Mgt 
Brandon 
Deal Date 
17-Aug-2016 
Equity 
Krieg 
% Acquired 
28.57% 
Investor 
Ownership 
53.92% 
Site 
New York, 
NY 
Stock Split 
: 1 
Business Status 
Startup 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised 59.25 million of Series A venture funding from lead investor Goodwater Capital on August 17, 2016, 
putting the company's pre-money valuation at 523.89 million. Valar Ventures and Entree Capital also participated. The 
company intends to use the funds to accelerate user growth and to build out its technology platform. 
* Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
•• Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Series of Stock 
Shares Sought 
Price Per Share 
Preferred 
A 
3,310,192 
$2.79 
# of Shares Acquired 
3,310,192 
Conversion Ratio 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SERIES A TERMS 
Liquidation Preferences 
Pad Passu 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Non-Cumulative 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Non. participating 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Weighted 
Average 
Dividend Rights 
Yes 
Redemption Rights 
No 
Board Voting Rights 
Yes 
General Voting Rights 
Yes 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Par 
Dividend 
Original 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Conversion 
Authorized 
Value 
Rate S 
Issue 
Pref. 
Price 
Owned 
Price 
Multiple 
Series 
3.310,192 
$0.000010 
$0.17 
52.79 
$2.79 
lx 
$2.79 
28.57% 
A 
Seed 
1.628,311 
$0.000010 
$0.11 
51.84 
$1.84 
lx 
$1.84 
14.05% 
Seed 
1.309,277 
$0.000010 
$0.07 
51.15 
$1.15 
lx 
$1.15 
11.30% 
Investors (3) 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812025
--- PAGE 11 ---
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Entree Capital 
Follow-On 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Investor 
2. Goodwater Capital 
Follow-On 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
Chi•Hua Chien 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Goodwater Capital I 
3. Valar Ventures 
Follow-On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Andrew McCormack 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
E Estimated 
Advisors (7) 
# 
Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
1. Red Oak Compliance Solutions 
Consulting 
Stash Invest 
2. JPMorgan Chase 
General 
Stash Invest 
Business 
Banking 
3. Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe 
Legal Advisor 
Goodwater Capital 
Lead Partner: 
Harold Yu 
4. Haynes and Boone 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
5. Lowenstein Sandler 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
6. McCarter & English 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
Lead Partner: 
David 
7. Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Valar Ventures 
Sorin JD 
Initial Deal Preferences 
Target Open Date 
Target Low 
Amount Committed 
12-Aug•2016 
Stock Type 
$9.25M 
$9.07M 
Preferred 
Deal #1: Seed Round, $3M, Completed; 08-Feb-203.6 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital-
Total Invested 
$3.00M 
Deal Types 
Seed Round 
Status 
Backed 
Capital 
Deal Amount 
$3.00M 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Pre-money 
$12.75M 
Source 
Valuation 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Raised to Date 
53.OOM " 
Post Valuation 
$15.75M 
Deal Date 
08-Feb-2016 
Total invested 
$3.OOM 
CEO/Lead Mgt 
David 
`Ye Acquired 
16.39% 
Equity 
Ronick 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812026
--- PAGE 12 ---
Stock Split 
: 1 
Site 
New York, 
NY 
Business Status 
Startup 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised $3 million of seed funding from lead investor Goodwater Capital on February 8, 2016, putting the pre-
money valuation at $12.75 million. Valar Ventures and Entree Capital also participated. The company will use the funding 
to support the continued growth and development of the app, including new product features and expansion to the Android 
platform. 
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
•• Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Shares Sought 
1,628,311 
# of Shares Acquired 
1,356,926 
Price Per Share 
$1.84 
Conversion Ratio 
E. Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SEED 2 TERMS 
Liquidation Preferences 
Pad Passu 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Non•Cumulative 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Non-participating 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Weighted 
Average 
Dividend Rights 
Yes 
Redemption Rights 
No 
Board Voting Rights 
Yes 
General Voting Rights 
Yes 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Stock 
# Of 
Par 
Dividend 
Original 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Conversion 
% 
Shares 
Value 
Rate $ 
Issue 
Pref. 
Price 
Owned 
Authorized 
Price 
Multiple 
Seed 
1,628.311 
50.000010 
$0.11 
$1.84 
51.84 
lx 
51.84 
-500.00% 
Seed 
1,309.285 
50.000010 
$0.07 
$1.15 
51.15 
lx 
51.15 
-482.45% 
Investors (3) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Entrée Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
2. Goodwater Capital 
New Investor 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
Chi-Hua Chien 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Goodwater Capital I 
3. Valar Ventures 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Andrew McCormack 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
E Estimated 
Advisors (1) 
1.2of25 
2/26/19, 5:38 PM 
EFTA00812027
--- PAGE 13 ---
# 
Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
1. McCarter & English 
Tranches (1) 
Tranche Date 
1. 12•Aug•2015 
Amount 
$1.51M 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
Financing Type 
Comments 
Bridge 
Comments 
Lead Partner: 
Stock Type: 
Promissory Notes 
Tranche Size 
Actual 
Status: 
Conversion 
Yes 
Status: 
David 
Sorin JD 
Investors (6) 
Active Investors (6) 
Name 
Investor Type 
Holding Investor 
Board Related Deals 
Since 
Union Square Ventures 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Feb 2018 
Coatue Management 
Hedge Fund 
Breyer Capital 
Entrée Capital 
PE/Buyout 
Minority 
Jul 2017 
Minority 
Dec 2016 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Feb 2016 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series D): New 
Investor, Feb 2018, Rebecca Kaden, 
$37.50M 
#4. Later Stage VC (Series C): New 
Investor, Jul 2017, Philippe Laffont, 
$42.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series D): Follow-
on, Feb 2018, Philippe Laffont, 
$37.50M 
#3. Early Stage VC (Series B): New 
Investor, Dec 2016, James Breyer, 
$25.00M 
#4. Later Stage VC (Series C): 
on, Jul 2017, James Breyer, $42.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series D): Follow-
on, Feb 2018, James Breyer, $37.50M 
#1. Seed Round: New Investor, Feb 
2016, $3.00M 
#2. Early Stage VC (Series A): Follow-
on, Aug 2016, $9.25M 
#3. Early Stage VC (Series B): Follow-
on, Dec 2016, $25.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series DI: Follow-
on, Feb 2018, $37.50M 
Goodwater Capital 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Feb 2016 
V 
#1. Seed Round: New Investor, Feb 
2016, Chi-Hua Chien, $3.00M 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812028
--- PAGE 14 ---
#2. Early Stage VC (Series A): Follow-
on, Aug 2016, Chi-Hua Chien, $9.25M 
#3. Early Stage VC (Series B): Follow-
on, Dec 2016, Chi•Hua Chien, 525.00M 
#4. Later Stage VC (Series C): Follow-
on, Jul 2017, Chi•Hua Chien, $42.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series D): Follow-
on, Feb 2018, Chi-Hua Chien, $37.SOM 
Valar Ventures 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Feb 2016 
vi
#1. Seed Round: New Investor, Feb 
2016, Andrew McCormack, 53.00M 
#2. Early Stage VC (Series A): Follow-
on, Aug 2016, Andrew McCormack, 
$9.25M 
#3. Early Stage VC (Series B): Follow-
on, Dec 2016, Andrew McCormack, 
$25.00M 
#4. later Stage VC (Series C): Follow-
on, Jul 2017, Andrew McCorrnack, 
$42.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series D): Follow-
on, Feb 2018, Andrew McCormack, 
$37.50M 
Service Providers 
General Service (4) 
Service Provider Name 
Haynes and Boone 
IPMorgan Chase 
Lowenstein Sandler 
Red Oak Compliance Solutions 
Service on a Deal (19) 
Service Provider 
Name 
Gunderson Dettmer 
McCarter & English 
Orrick, Herrington & 
Sutcliffe 
Orrick, Herrington & 
Sutcliffe 
Service Provided 
Comments 
Legal Advisor 
Contact: 
General Business 
Banking 
Legal Advisor 
Consulting 
Service Provided 
Service To 
Legal Advisor 
Legal Advisor 
Legal Advisor 
Legal Advisor 
Kit Addleman JO 
Deal Date 
Deal # 
Comments 
Union Square 
12- 
Ventures 
Feb-2018 
Stash Invest 
12- 
Feb-2018 
Goodwater 
12- 
Capital 
Feb-2018 
Coatue 
12- 
Management 
Feb-2018 
14of25 
2/26/19, 5:38 PM 
EFTA00812029
--- PAGE 15 ---
Orrick, Herrington & 
Legal Advisor 
Valar Ventures 
12• 
Sutcliffe 
Feb•2018 
WilmerHale 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
12• 
Contact: Stephanie Evans 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Orrick, Herrington & 
Sutcliffe 
Legal Advisor 
Legal Advisor 
Valar Ventures 
Coatue 
Management 
Feb•2018 
10•Jul•2017 
WilmerHale 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
10•Jul•2017 
Contact: Stephanie Evans 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Valar Ventures 
14• 
McCarter & English 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
Dec•2016 
14• 
Gunderson Dettmer 
Legal Advisor 
Valar Ventures 
Dec•2016 
17- 
Aug•2016 
Haynes and Boone 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
17- 
Contact: Kit Addleman JD 
JPMorgan Chase 
General Business 
Stash Invest 
Aug•2016 
17- 
Lowenstein Sandler 
Banking 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
Aug•2016 
17- 
McCarter & English 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
Aug•2016 
17- 
Orrick, Herrington & 
Legal Advisor 
Goodwater 
Aug•2016 
17• 
Sutcliffe 
Red Oak Compliance 
Consulting 
Capital 
Stash Invest 
Aug•2016 
17- 
Solutions 
McCarter & English 
Legal Advisor 
Stash Invest 
Aug•2016 
08• 
Feb•2016 
Former General Service (2) 
Service Provider Name 
McCarter & English 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe 
Service Provided 
Comments 
Legal Advisor 
Legal Advisor 
Lead Partners on Deals (22) 
Investors (16) 
Name 
All 
Title 
Deals 
Representing 
Deals 
Phone 
Email 
425 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812030
--- PAGE 16 ---
Andrew McCormack 
Chl-Hua Chien 
James Breyer 
Philippe Laffont 
Rebecca Kaden 
Andrew McCormack 
Chl-Hua Chien 
James Breyer 
Philippe Laffont 
Andrew McCormack 
Chl-Hua Chien 
James Breyer 
Andrew 'McCormack 
Chl-Hua Chien 
Andrew McCormack 
Co-Founding 
Valor Ventures 
Partner & General 
Partner 
Co-Founder & 
Managing Partner 
Goodwater Capital 
Founder & Chief 
Breyer Capital 
Executive Officer 
Founder & Chief 
Executive Officer 
Partner 
#5. Later Stage VC 
(series 0): Feb 
2018, $37.50M, 
Completed 
#5. Later Stage VC 
(Series 13): Feb 
2018, $37.50M, 
Completed 
#5. Later Stage VC 
+1 (415) 
(Series D): Feb 
310-6790 
2018, $37.50M, 
Completed 
Coatue Management 
05. Later Stage VC 
+1 (212) 
(Series D): Feb 
715-5100 
2018, $37.50M, 
Completed 
Union Square 
Ventures 
Co-Founding 
Valor Ventures 
Partner & General 
Partner 
Co-Founder & 
Managing Partner 
Goodwater Capital 
Founder & Chief 
Breyer Capital 
Executive Officer 
Founder & Chief 
Executive Officer 
#5. Later Stage VC 
+1 (212) 
(Series D): Feb 
990-7880 
2018, $37.50M, 
Completed 
#4. Later Stage VC 
(Series C): Jul 
2017, $42.00M, 
Completed 
*4. Later Stage VC 
(Series C): Jul 
2017, $42.00M, 
Completed 
*4. Later Stage VC 
+1 (415) 
(Series C): Jul 
310-6790 
2017, 502.00M, 
Completed 
Coatue Management 
MC Later Stage VC 
+1 (212) 
(Series C): Jul 
715-5100 
2017, S42.00M, 
Completed 
Co.Founding 
valet Ventures 
Partner & General 
Panne, 
Co.Founder 
Managing Partner 
#3. Early Stage VC 
(Series B): Dec 
2016, $25.00M, 
Completed 
Goodwater Capital 
#3. Early Stage VC 
(Series 8): Dec 
2016, $25.00M, 
Completed 
Founder & Chief 
Breyer Capital 
Executive Officer 
Co-Founding 
Valor Ventures 
Partner & General 
Partner 
Co-Founder & 
Managing Partner 
Goodwater Capital 
Co-Founding 
Velar Ventures 
Partner & General 
Partner 
#3. Early Stage VC 
(Series B): Dec 
310-6790 
2016, $25.00M, 
Completed 
#2. Early Stage VC 
(Series A): Aug 
2016, $9.25M, 
Completed 
02. Early Stage VC 
(Series A): Aug 
2016, $9.25M, 
Completed 
#1. Seed Round: 
Feb 2016, 53.00M, 
Completed 
+1 (415) 
of 25 
2/26/19,5:38 PM 
EFTA00812031
--- PAGE 17 ---
Chl-Hua Chien 
Co.Founder & 
Managing Banner 
Service Providers - Sell Side (4) 
Goodwater Capital 
91. Seed Round: 
Feb 2016, S3.OOM, 
competed 
Name 
All 
Title 
Representing 
Deals 
Phone 
Email 
Deals 
David &DM JD 
230 
Partner & Co-
McCarter & English 
95. Later Stage VC 
+11732) 
chairman, Venture 
(Series Di: Feb 
B67-9742 
Capital & Emerging 
Growth Companies 
2018, 537.50M, 
completed 
David Sorin JD 
230 
Partner & Co-
McCarter & English 
93. Early Stage VC 
+11732) 
chairman, Venture 
(Series B): Dec 
B67-9742 
Capital & Emerging 
Growth Companies 
2016, S25.OOM, 
completed 
David Sorin JD 
230 
Partner & co-
McCarter & English 
92. Early Stage VC 
+1 (732) 
chairman, Venture 
(Series A): Aug 
867-9742 
Capital & Emerging 
Growth Companies 
2016, 59.25M, 
completed 
David Sarin JD 
230 
hanner& co-
McCarter & English 
at. Seed Round: 
+1 (732) 
chairman, Venture 
Capital & Emerging 
Feb 2016. S3.OOM, 
completed 
867-9742 
Growth Companies 
Service Providers - Buy Side (2) 
Name 
John Bautista 
Harold Yu 
All 
Title 
Deals 
196 
Partner 
Rattner 
Representing 
Deals 
Phone 
Email 
OniCk. Herrington & 
94. Later Stage VC 
+1 (212) 
Sutcliffe 
'Series C): Jul 2017. 
506-5000 
142.OOM, completes 
OniCk. Herrington & 
92. Early Stage VC 
+1 (212) 
Sutcliffe 
'Series A): Aug 
506-5000 
2016. 59.25M, 
completed 
Market Information 
Competition 
The company's competitors include Oapital, Digit, Motif (Financial Software), Personal Capital, FutureAdvisor, SigFig, 
PayActiv 
Signals Summary 
This company has a weekly growth rate of 0.58%, placing it in the 95th percentile of all growth rates tracked within 
PitchBook. Its underlying data points generate a size multiple that is 523x times larger than the median of all size 
multiples tracked within PitchBook, placing it in the 100th percentile of all size multiples tracked within PitchBook. 
of 25 
2/26/19. 5:38 PM 
EFTA00812032
--- PAGE 18 ---
Growth Rate Summary (Weekly) 
Twitter Followers 
29,753 
Similar Web Unique 
Visitors 
103,667 
Majestic Referring 
Domains 
1,586 
Mobile App Reviews 
83,775 
Social 
0.78% 
Web 
0.58% 
GIO•th SUM 
'8" 
 95th ptICOntilo 
Mobile 
1.79% 
Size Multiple Summary (x Median) 
Twitter Followers 
29,753 
Similar Web Unique 
Visitors 
103,667 
Majestic Referring 
Domains 
1.586 
Mobile App Reviews 
83,775 
Social 
83.0x 
Web 
523x 
Sin Multiple 
 ICON pore...8M 
96.3x 
Mobile 
1.39Kx 
Signals History 
Growth Rate History 
10.0 
7.5 
5.0 
2.5 
0.0 
I
I
I 
Sep '18 
Oct 18 
Nov'18 
Dec 18 
Jan '19 
Feb '19 
Growth
es 
 Rate 
es Web Growth Rata 
Social Growth Rate 
Mobile Growth Rate 
Size Multiple History 
Laic 
I.6K 
I.AK 
I.2K 
I.OK 
800 
600 
400 
200 
I 
Sap '18 
Oct 18 
Nov '18 
Doc '18 
Jan '19 
Fab '19 
Sze Molople 
Web Size Multiple 
Es Social Size Mu It pie 
Mobile Stze Multiple 
Social Media Signals 
Twitter Followers 29,753 
of 25 
2/26/19,5:38 PM 
EFTA00812033
--- PAGE 19 ---
31.0K 
28.8K 
26.7K  
24.5K 
Sep'18 
Oct 1 8 
Nov 1 8 
Doc '18 
Jan '19 
Feb19 
Twitter Folbvters 
Calculation Range 0 
Metric 
Stash Invest 
All 
Companies 
Average 
Twitter Followers 
29.753 
11,958 
Growth Rate 
0.78% 
0.10% 
Growth Rate 
98th 
44th 
Percentile 
Size Multiple 
83.0x 
34.0x 
Size Multiple 
98th 
50th 
Percentile 
Web Signals 
SimilarWeb Unique Visitors 103,667 
170K 
140K 
110K 
80K 
Seia'18 
Oa 18 
Nov 1 8 
Doc 18 
Jan19 
Fob 19 
UniqueMstors 
Cakulation Range 0 
Metric 
Stash Invest 
All 
Companies 
Average 
SimIlarWeb Unique 
103,667 
21,451 
Visitors 
Growth Rate 
-2.13% 
-0.55% 
Growth Rate 
20th 
39th 
Percentile 
Size Multiple 
146x 
39.2x 
Size Multiple 
98th 
50th 
Percentile 
Majestic Referring Domains 1,586 
1.65K 
156K 
147K 
1.38K 
Sop'18 
Oct 1 8 
Nov18 
Dec18 
Jan '19 
Fab 19 
Referring Dynan, 
Cakulation Range 0 
Metric 
Stash invest 
All 
Companies 
Average 
Majestic Referring 
1,586 
365 
Domains 
Growth Rate 
0.45% 
-0.01% 
Growth Rate 
93rd 
23rd 
Percentile 
Size Multiple 
46.9x 
10.8x 
Size Multiple 
98th 
50th 
Percentile 
Ranking And Distribution 
Weekly Growth 0.58%, 95th %ile 
of 25 
2/26/19,5:38 PM 
EFTA00812034
--- PAGE 20 ---
a 
'0 
100 
ALL 
Decline/Flat 
K 
Steady 
Percentile 
• 
Growing 
Min Rate 
Fast 
Rapid 
Max Rate 
I Stefli Invest 
Avg. Rate 
0.10 
-44.0% 
-0.16% 
-1.34% 
10-20 
-0.15% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
20-30 
-
30.40 
- 
-
40.50 
- 
-
50.60 
- 
-
60.70 
- 
- 
70.80 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.02% 
»4o 
0.04% 
0.26% 
0.13% 
90.100 
0.27% 
497% 
1.21% 
Size Multiple 523; 100th %ile 
SC 
0.00x 
Ao. 4L 
131Kx 
• 
%Small 
■ 
Small 
Percentile 
ø 
Average 
Min Size 
Large 
• 
%Large 
Max Size 
I Stash Invest 
Avg. Size 
0.10 
0.00x 
0.12x 
0.07x 
10.20 
0.13x 
0.26x 
0.20x 
20.30 
0.27x 
0.44x 
0.36x 
30.40 
0.45x 
0.65x 
0.55x 
40.50 
0.66x 
0.99x 
0.81x 
50.60 
1.00x 
1.49x 
1.22x 
60.70 
1.50x 
2.35x 
1.88x 
70.80 
2.36x 
4.15x 
3.12x 
»4o 
4.16x 
10.7x 
6.59x 
90.100 
10.7x 
131Kx 
117x 
Employee Signals 
Company 
Employee 
Growth Rate 
Growth 
Size Multiple 
Size 
of 25 
2/26/19, 5:38 PM 
EFTA00812035
--- PAGE 21 ---
Stash Invest 
All Companies Average 
Count 
100 
2,626 
0.28% 
Percentile 
49th 
22.6x 
Percentile 
50th 
Mobile Signals 
Primary Mobile App 
Stash: Invest. Learn. Save. ***tit 
Category: Finance, Education 
Price: Free 
Stash is a personal finance and investment app that helps you save money and Invest In 
select individual stocks and curated funds (ETFs), starting with just $5. What's New? Banking 
Is coming to STASH! Were offering a debit account with zero set-up, monthly, minimum 
balance, or overdraft fees. -- STASH for your life with:* Personal investment accounts * 
Retirement accounts with Roth and Traditional IRAs * Custodial accounts to invest for and 
with your children -- Every STASH subscription includes:* Coach - Personalized savings and 
investment advice* Learn - Financial education, guidance, and curated investment news* 
Auto-Stash - Save and invest automatically-- Safety & Security -- 256-bit encryption and 
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)-to keep your money, identity, and personal information safe. 
Stash is an SEC registered investment adviser. While such registration does not imply a 
certain level of skill, it does require us to follow federal regulations that protect you - the 
investor. Our custodian is an SEC registered broker-dealer and a member of FINRA, NYSE, and 
SIPC. Securities in your account are protected up to $500,000 (including $250,000 for claims 
for cash). For details, please visit www.sipc.org.-- Investment account pricingEach account 
has one simple advisory fee. Invest and Custodial accounts cost $1 per month for balances 
under 55k. Retire accounts cost $2 per month for balances under $5k. All accounts with 
balances of 55k or more only cost 0.25% per year (Just $12.50 per year for a balance of 55k). 
We NEVER charge for deposits or withdrawals, and there are no add-on trading commissions. 
Disclosurel Other fees may apply.Banking services provided by Green Dot Bank and Stash 
Visa Debit card issued by Green Dot Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa 
U.S.A. Inc. Visa is a registered trademark of Visa International Service Association. Green Dot 
Bank operates under the following registered trade names: GoBank, Green Dot Bank and 
Bonneville Bank. All of the registered trade names are used by, and refer to a single FDIC-
insured bank, Green Dot Bank. Deposits under any of these trade names are deposits with 
Green Dot Bank and are aggregated for deposit insurance coverage. Green Dot is a registered 
trademark of Green Dot Corporation. O2018 Green Dot Bank. All rights reserved.Investment 
products and services are offered by Stash Investments LLC, not Green Dot Bank, and are Not 
FDIC Insured, Not Bank Guaranteed, and May Lose Value. Securities offered through Apex 
Clearing Corporation, Member FINRA/SIPC.Investing Involves Risk. Listed Investments 
currently available on Stash but not necessarily representative of all Investments. A full list of 
available investments on Stash can be found here: learn.stashinvest.com/stash-inv... 
Information shown is strictly for illustrative and educational purposes only and should not be 
considered a solicitation to buy, an offer to sell, or a recommendation for any security In any 
jurisdiction where such an offer, solicitation or recommendation would be unlawful or 
unauthorized. All product and company names are trademarks'" or registered® trademarks of 
their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by 
them. Any preliminary information provided to prospective clients prior to Stash accepting a 
signed advisory agreement does not constitute investment advice and should not be relied on 
as such. Stash Investments LLC ("Stash") is an SEC registered investment adviser. In order to 
open a Stash account, you must be at least 18 years of age and Stash Is only available to US 
citizens, permanent residents and select visa types. See www.stashinvest.com/disclosur... for 
more Info. 1. Clients may incur ancillary fees that are not part of wrap-fee.lf you receive a 
bonus offer, you agree to and accept the terms and conditions here: 
www.stashinvest.com/terms-and... 
of 25 
2/26/19,5:38 PM 
EFTA00812036
--- PAGE 22 ---
Mobile Reviews 83,775 
MK 
34K 
76K 
38K 
Sep '18 
Oct '18 
Nov '18 
Dec'18 
Jan '19 
Feb '19 
Mobile Reviews ■ Calculation Range 
Mobile Rating 
Sep '18 
Oct '18 
Nov '18 
Dec'18 
Jan '19 
Feb '19 
iOS Rating 
Company 
Mobile 
Growth Rate 
Growth 
Size Multiple 
Size 
Reviews 
Percentile 
Percentile 
Stash Invest 
83,775 
1.79% 
85th 
1.39Kx 
99th 
All Companies Average 
12,446 
1.20% 
46th 
228x 
51st 
Today's Chart Ranking 
Fl 
411 
(Top Free Applications) 33rd 
Sep 18 
Oct '18 
Nov '18 
Dec'18 
Jan '19 
Feb '19 
Mobile Ranking 
Company signals data was calculated against 843696 companies within all companies. 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812037
--- PAGE 23 ---
Company Signals Population: Company Signals data is tracked for active companies (i.e. have not gone out of business) 
that haven't been exited from VC, PE, or Incubator/Accelerator. Social media presence is tracked only for companies that 
have a Twitter account; web presence is tracked only for companies whose websites are tracked by SimilarWeb and 
Majestic. 
News 
Breaking Banks: One robo-advisor's approach to simplifying wealth management 
Brandon Krieg, co-founder and CEO of StashInvest, shares what his company is doing to create a comfortable, "frictionless" 
point of entry for investing. 
American Banker I 13-Feb-2018 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest, Brandon Krieg 
Stash Raises $37.5M in Series D 
NEW YORK, NY, Financial platform revolutionizing how millions of Americans invest and save, today announced it has 
raised $37.5 million in Series D funding. 
VC News Daily I 12-Feb-2018 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Microinvesting app Stash raises $40M 
The micro-investing app allows users, many of them first-time investors, to get started for as little as 55. 
American Banker 113-Jul-2017 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Stash raises $40 million Series C to make investing more approachable 
Stash raises 540 million Series C to make investing more approachable 
TechCrunch 113-Jul-2017 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Stash Secures $40M Series C Financing 
NEW YORK, NY, Stash, the financial technology platform that's revolutionizing investment and education for all Americans, 
announced today that it has raised $40 million in Series C funding. Click here for more funding data on Stash To export 
Stash... 
VC News Daily I 13-Jul-2017 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Stash Secures $40M in Series C Funding to Meet Massive Demand for Its Investing and 
Financial Education Platform 
Stash Secures $40M in Series C Funding to Meet Massive Demand for Its Investing and Financial 
PR NewsWire 113-Jul-2017 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Millennial-focused micro investment platform Stash raises US$25 million Series B round 
Millennial•focused micro investment platform Stash raises US$25 million Series B round New York-based mobile 
investment startup Stash, cofounded by Australian Ed Robinson, has today announced the closing of a US$25 million Series 
B round led by... 
of 25 
2/26/19. 5:38 PM 
EFTA00812038
--- PAGE 24 ---
StartupSmart 23-Dec-2016 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Stash Secures $25 mm in Series B Financing Led by Valar Ventures 
Stash Secures 525 mm in Series B Financing Led by Velar Ventures Target Overview Transaction Details SUGGEST 
TRANSACTION UPDATE Stash Invest http://www.stashinvest.com 27 W 24th Street New York, NY 10010 United States 
FinTech Sector:... 
FT Partners 14-Dec-2016 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Micro-investing aim Stash raises $25 million Series B 
Micro-investing app Stash raises $25 million Series B Stash, a mobile application that aims to make investing easier for 
those who aren't as financially experienced, has raised 525 million in Series B funding, the company announced today. 
The... 
TechCrunch 114•Dec-2016 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Mobile Investing App Stash Closes $25 Million Series B: Startup enables consumers to 
invest as little as $5 
Mobile investing service Stash has raised $25 million four months after closing its Series A round.Valar Ventures led the 
Series B investment, joined by Breyer Capital, Goodwater Capital and Entrée Capital. 
VentureWire 
14-Dec•2016 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Stash Raises $25M In Series B Funding 
By FinSMEs Stash , a NYC-based mobile investing app, raised $25M in Series B funding. The round was led by Velar 
Ventures, with participation from Breyer Capital, Goodwater Capital, and Entrée Capital. The company, which has raised 
$9.25m in... 
FinSMEs 114-Dec•2016 
Tagged entities: Stach Invest 
Mobile Investing App Stash Raises $25 Million In Series B Funding 
Mobile Investing App Stash Raises 525 Million In Series B Funding Velar Ventures Leads Round; Platform Reaches 300,000 
Users News provided by Dec 14, 2016, 06:30 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Dec. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ •• Stash makes 
investing... 
PR NewsWire 14-Dec•2016 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Stash Invest Secures $9.3 mm in Series A Financing Led by Goodwater Capital and Valar 
Ventures 
Stash Invest Secures $9.3 mm in Series A Financing Led by Goodwater Capital and Velar Ventures Target Overview 
Transaction Details SUGGEST TRANSACTION UPDATE Stash Invest http www.stashinvest.com 27 W 24th Street New York, 
NY 10010 United... 
FT Partners IS-Aug-2016 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Stash Raises $3M Seed Round for App for Novices to Stock Investing 
Stash Raises 53M Seed Round for App for Novices to Stock Investing Joo-Pierre S. Ruth February 9th, 2016 @jpruth 
@xconomy Like Us Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Linkedln Email Reprints The stock market might be cruel 
of 25 
2/26/19.5:38 PM 
EFTA00812039
--- PAGE 25 ---
and unforgiving... 
Xconomy I 09•Feb•2016 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
Stash. the Investment Apo for MillenniaIs. Secures S3 Million in Seed Funding 
Stash, the Investment App for MillenniaIs, Secures $3 Million in Seed Funding Goodwater Capital, Valar Ventures, and Entre 
Capital Invest to Accelerate Stashs Growth February 09, 2016 0900 AM Eastern Standard Time NEW YORK—(BUSINESS... 
BusinessWire I 09-Feb-2016 
Tagged entities: Stash Invest 
SEC Filings (8) 
Type 
Date 
Title 
OK 
D 
22-Feb-2019 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1647051 
12-Feb-2018 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities: 
1647051 
13•Jul•2017 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1647051 
14-Dec-2016 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1647051 
16•Aug•2016 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1647051 
08-Feb-2016 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1647051 
LvA 
12•Aug•2015 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities(Amend] 
1647051 
D 
02•Jul•2015 
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities 
1647051 
Copyright t 2019 PitchBook Data, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Provided under contract for the exclusive use of subscriber Richard Kahn, HBRK Associates . 
of 25 
2/26/19, 5:38 PM 
EFTA00812040

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812041.pdf
----------------------------------------
Generated by PitchBook for Richard Kahn, HBRK 
Associates 
Vroom I Private Company Profile 
Last Updated: 31-Dec-2018 
General Information 
pblD: 120442.24 
Description 
Operator of an online used-car marketplace intended to provide dealership of reconditioned vehicles. The company's 
marketplace features a wide range of carefully inspected cars, leading price positioning and an end-to-end online 
transaction, enabling customers to buy used cars at an affordable price. 
Most Recent Financing Status (as of 11-Dec-2018) 
The company raised $146 million of Series G venture funding in a deal led by AutoNation on December 11, 2018, putting 
the company's pre-money valuation at $650 million. L Catterton, Fraser McCombs Capital, General Catalyst, and T. Rowe 
Price and other undisclosed investors also participated in the round. The funds will be used to enhance key technologies 
and processes, expand customer acquisition efforts and continue to build the management team. 
Entity Types 
Private Company 
Year Founded 
2013 
Website 
Also Known As 
Acquirer 
www.vroom.com 
vroom.com 
Universe 
Primary Industry 
Other Industries 
Venture Capital 
Other Software 
Other Services (B2C Non-Financial) 
Formerly Known 
As 
AutoAmerica, 8CM Partners Ill, 
CarAmerica 
Verticals 
E-Commerce, Industrials 
Employees 
550 
Legal Name 
Vroom, Inc. 
Business Status 
Generating Revenue 
Ownership 
Privately Held (backing) 
Status 
Financing Status Venture Capital-Backed 
Contact Information 
Primary Contact 
Robert Mylod Jr. 
Chairman 
Phone: +1 (248) 712 1086 
Primary Office 
1375 Broadway 
11th Floor 
New York, NY 10018 
United States 
Phone: +1 (855) 524-1300 
Alternate Offices 
Houston 
Houston, TX 
United States 
I of 28 
3/11/19,12:23 PM 
EFTA00812041
--- PAGE 2 ---
Top S Similar Companies 
# Name 
Competitor Financing Status 
HQ 
Growth 
Size 
Last Financing Last Financing 
Location 
Rate 
Multiple 
Date/Type 
Amount 
Gogoout 
Accelerator/Incubator 
Taipei. 
0.00% 
0.03x 
2017/Accelerator/Inc 
50.03M 
Ctrl (Car 
Backed 
Venture Capital- 
Taiwan 
Saint 
2012/Early Stage VC 
Leasing) 
Backed 
Petersburg. 
Russia 
Carlili 
Accelerator/Incubator 
Paris, 
0.04% 
1.87x 
2016/Angel 
$0.34M 
Udrive 
Backed 
Angel-Backed 
France 
Dubai. 
0.45% 
2.64x 
S 
One 
Pending Transaction 
United 
Arab 
Emirates 
London, 
Angel 
50.36M 
Woman 
Owner 
(Angel) 
United 
Kingdom 
Comparisons 
Description 
Vroom 
Operator of an online 
used-car marketplace 
intended to provide 
dealership of 
reconditioned vehicles. 
O Gogoout 
Provider of a car rental 
platform created to offer 
cars on rental online. 
Ctrl (Car 
Leasing) 
Developer and provider 
of auto leasing services 
designed to simplify and 
speed up the process of 
buying a car on lease. 
Carlili 
Provider of a car rental 
platform intended to 
help users to book rental 
vehicles online. 
Primary Industry 
Other Software 
Other Services (82C 
Other Software 
Other Software 
Non-Financial) 
HQ Location 
New York, NY 
Taipei. Taiwan 
Saint Petersburg. Russia 
Paris, France 
Employees 
55012016 
I 2017 
12016 
Total Raised 
5463.73M 
50.03M 
50.34M 
Post Valuation 
5796.00M I 11-Dec-2018 
- 
Last Financing 
5146.0014 2018/Later 
Details 
Stage VC (Series 6) 
50.03M I 
2017/Accelerator 
/Incubator 
Undisclosed amount I 
50.34M 12016/Angel 
2012/Early Stage VC 
(individual) 
Current Executives (10) 
Name 
Paul Hennessy 
Kurt Beckeman 
Title 
Board 
Seats 
Office 
Phone 
Chief Executive 
New York, NY 
+1 (855) 
Officer, President & 
Board Member 
Co-Chief Financial 
Officer & Treasurer 
524.1300 
New York, NY 
+1 (855) 
524.1300 
Email 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PN1 
EFTA00812042
--- PAGE 3 ---
Dave Jones 
Co•Chief Financial 
New York, NY 
+1 (855) 
Officer 
524.1300 
Mitch Berg 
Chief Technology 
New York, NY 
+1 (855) 
Officer 
524.1300 
Peter Scherr 
Chief Marketing 
New York, NY 
+1 (855) 
Officer 
524.1300 
Scott Chesrown 
Chief Revenue 
New York, NY 
+1 (855) 
Ph.D 
Officer 
524.1300 
John Caine 
Chief Conversion 
New York, NY 
+1 (855) 
Officer 
524.1300 
Dennis Looney 
Chief Supply Chain 
New York, NY 
+1 (855) 
Officer 
524.1300 
Sarah Feingold 
General Counsel & 
New York, NY 
+1 (855) 
JD 
Secretary 
524.1300 
Denise Stott 
Senior Vice 
New York, NY 
+1 (855) 
President, People 
and Culture 
524.1300 
Current Board Members (9) 
Name 
Title 
Representing 
Role 
Since 
Phone 
Email 
Adam Valkin 
Managing 
General Catalyst 
Board 
Jul 2015 +1 (617) 
Director 
Member 
234.7000 
Elie 
Co•Founder, 
Pico Partners 
Board 
Dec 
+972 
elie@pico.partners 
Wurtman 
Managing 
Member 
2015 
(0)2 560 
Partner & 
9402 
General Partner 
Ethan 
Board Member 
Board 
Nov 
+1(508) 
Benovitz 
Member 
2014 
541.8800 
Michael 
Board Member 
Vroom 
Board 
+1 (855) 
Farello 
Member 
524.1300 
Paul 
Chief Executive 
Vroom 
Chief 
Jun 
+1 (855) 
Hennessy 
Officer, President 
Executive 
2016 
524.1300 
& Board Member 
Officer, 
President 
& Board 
Member 
Richard 
Board Member 
Vroom 
Board 
+1 (855) 
Williams 
Member 
524.1300 
Robert 
Founder & 
Annox Capital 
Chairman 
Jun 
+1(248) 
Mylod Jr. 
Managing 
2016 
712.1086 
Partner 
Scott 
Global Co•Chief 
L Catterton 
Board 
Jul 2015 +1 (203) 
Dahnke 
Executive Officer 
Member 
629.4901 
of 28 
3/II/I9. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812043
--- PAGE 4 ---
Stephen 
Berrard 
Angel 
(individual) 
Self 
Board 
Nov 
+1 (855) 
Member 
2014 
524.1300 
Deal History (7) 
# Deal Type 
Date 
Amount 
Raised to 
Pre-Val 
Post-Val 
Status 
Stage 
Date 
7. 
Later Stage VC 
11-
$146.00M 
4463.73M 
5650.00M 
5796.00M 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series 6) 
Dec-2018 
Revenue 
6. 
Later Stage VC 
08-
$99.52M 
4317.73M 
5510.00M 
$609.5214 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series F) 
Dec-2017 
Revenue 
S. 
Later Stage VC 
20-
$50.00M 
4218.21M 
5390.92M 
$440.9214 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series El 
Sep-2016 
Revenue 
4. 
Later Stage VC 
16-
$95.00M 
4168.21M 
5222.24M 
$317.2414 
Completed 
Generating 
(Series 0) 
Dec-2015 
Revenue 
3. 
Later Stage VC 
20-Jul-2015 
$54.21M 
473.21M 
5163.80M 
$218.0114 
Completed 
Startup 
(Series C) 
2. 
Early Stage VC 
17-
$11.75M 
419.00M 
556.50M 
$68.2514 
Completed 
Startup 
(Series B) 
Nov-2014 
1. 
Early Stage VC 
25-Jun-2013 
$7.25M 
$7.25M 
529.42M 
$36.6714 
Completed 
Startup 
(Series A) 
t Indicates an Add-On 
E Estimated 
CAP TABLE HISTORY (as of 11-Dec-2018) 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Authorized 
Par 
Value 
Original 
Issue Price 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Pref. Multiple 
Conversion 
Price 
% 
Owned 
Series 
9,748,777 
$0.001000 
517.95 
517.95 
lx 
$17.95 
18.34% 
Series 
6,352,790 
$0.001000 
517.06 
517.06 
lx 
$17.06 
14.33% 
F 
Series 
3,081,896 
$0.001000 
516.22 
516.22 
lx 
$16.22 
6.95% 
E 
Series 
7,215,568 
$0.001000 
513.17 
513.17 
lx 
$13.17 
16.27% 
D 
Series 
4,567,121 
$0.001000 
511.87 
511.87 
lx 
$11.87 
10.30% 
C 
Series 
2,358,242 
$0.001000 
$4.97 
$4.97 
lx 
54.97 
5.32% 
B 
Series 
1,991,998 
$0.001000 
$3.22 
$3.22 
lx 
53.22 
4.49% 
A 
Series Terms for: A, B, C, D, E, F, G (as of 11-Dec-2018) 
Liquidation Preferences 
Senior 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Non-Cumulative 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Non•participating 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Weighted 
Average 
Dividend Rights 
Yes 
Board Voting Rights 
Yes 
General Voting Rights 
Yes 
of 28 
3/11/19. l2:23 PM 
EFTA00812044
--- PAGE 5 ---
Deal #7: Later Stage VC (Series G), $146M, Completed; 11-Dec-2018 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital- 
Total 
5146.OOM 
Deal Types 
Later Stage VC, 
Series G 
Status 
Financing 
Backed 
Venture Capital 
Invested 
Capital 
Deal Amount 
$146.00M 
Source 
Pre-money 
5650.OOM 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Raised to Date 
5463.73M 
Valuation 
Deal Date 
11-Dec-2018 
Total Invested 
Equity 
$146.00M 
Post 
Valuation 
5796.OOM 
Announced 
Date 
17-Aug-2018 
Investor 
Ownership 
76.00% 
CEO/Lead 
Mgt 
Paul 
Hennessy 
% Acquired 
18.34% 
Stock Split 
: 1 
Site 
New York, NY 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised $146 million of Series G venture funding in a deal led by AutoNation on December 11, 2018, putting 
the company's pre-money valuation at $650 million. L Catterton, Fraser McCombs Capital, General Catalyst, and T. Rowe 
Price and other undisclosed investors also participated in the round. The funds will be used to enhance key technologies 
and processes, expand customer acquisition efforts and continue to build the management team. 
* Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Preferred 
# of Shares Acquired 
8,133,265 
Series of Stock 
G 
% Owned by Buyer Before 
0.00% 
Shares Sought 
9,748,777 
% Owned by Buyer After 
7.00% 
Price Per Share 
$17.95 
Conversion Ratio 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SERIES G TERMS 
Liquidation Preferences 
Senior 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Non-Cumulative 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Non-participating 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Weighted 
Average 
Dividend Rights 
Yes 
Redemption Rights 
Yes 
Board Voting Rights 
Yes 
General Voting Rights 
Yes 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Par 
Original 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Conversion 
% 
Authorized 
Value 
issue Price 
Pref. Multiple 
Price 
Owned 
Series 
9,748,777 
$0.001000 
517.95 
$17.95 
lx 
$17.95 
18.34% 
G 
Series 
6,352,790 
$0.001000 
517.06 
$17.06 
lx 
$17.06 
14.33% 
F 
Series 
3,081,896 
$0.001000 
516.22 
$16.22 
lx 
$16.22 
6.95% 
E 
Series 
7,215,568 
$0.001000 
513.17 
$13.17 
lx 
$13.17 
16.27% 
Series 
4,567,121 
$0.001000 
511.87 
$11.87 
lx 
$11.87 
10.30% 
C 
of 28 
3/11/19, 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812045
--- PAGE 6 ---
Series 
2,358,242 
$0.001000 
$4.97 
B 
$4.97 
lx 
54.97 
5.32% 
Series 
1,991,998 
$0.001000 
$3.22 
$3.22 
lx 
53.22 
4.49% 
A 
Investors (5) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. AutoNation 
New Investor 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
Michael Jackson 
2. Fraser McCombs Capital 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Follow•On 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Investor 
Fund 1: 
Fraser McCombs 
Ventures II 
3. General Catalyst 
Follow•On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Adam Valkin 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
General Catalyst Group 
VIII 
4. L Catterton 
Follow•On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Scott Dahnke 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
L Catterton Growth 
Partners III 
5. T. Rowe Price 
Follow•On 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Investor 
Fund 1: 
T.Rowe Price New 
Horizons Fund 
E Estimated 
Advisors (1) 
# 
Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
1. E*Law Group 
Legal Advisor 
Vroom 
Lead Partner: 
Jeremy 
Makarechian 
JD 
Tranches (2) 
Tranche Date 
Amount 
Financing Type 
Comments 
1. 31•Aug•2018 
530.OOM 
Series G 
Stock Type: 
Preferred 
Tranche Size 
Actual 
Status: 
of 28 
3/11/19,12:23 PM 
EFTA00812046
--- PAGE 7 ---
2. 31.Oct-2018 
Stock Price Data 
$61.90M 
Deal Closed: 11-Dec-2018 
Series G 
Stock Type: 
Tranche Size 
Status: 
Preferred 
Actual 
AutoNation (AN) 
T. Rowe Price (TROW) 
VWAP 30 days prior: 
437.13 
VWAP 30 days prior: 
595.85 
Price 5 days prior: 
435.24 
Price 5 days prior: 
594.86 
Price 1 day prior: 
433.78 
Price 1 day prior: 
592.45 
Price on Close Date: 
$33.84 
Price on Close Date: 
$92.03 
Price 1 day after: 
434.04 
Price 1 day after: 
594.02 
Price 5 days after: 
433.37 
Nice 5 days after: 
591.97 
Price 30 days after: 
436.57 
Price 30 days after: 
592.29 
Deal #6: Later Stage VC (Series F), $99.52M, Completed; 08-Dec-2017 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital- 
Total 
599.52M 
Deal Types 
Later Stage VC. 
Status 
Backed 
invested 
Series F 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Capital 
Deal Amount 
$99.52M 
Source 
Pre-money 
5510.OOM 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Raised to Date 
5317.73M 
Valuation 
Deal Date 
08-Dec-2017 
Total Invested 
$99.52M 
Post 
Valuation 
5609.52M 
Equity 
Announced 
Date 
30-Jun•2017 
Investor 
70.99% 
CEO/Lead 
Mgt 
Paul 
Hennessy 
Ownership 
% Acquired 
16.33% 
Stock Split 
: 1 
Site 
New York, NY 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised 599.52 million of Series F venture funding in a deal led by Pico Partners and T. Rowe Price on 
December 8, 2017, putting the company's pre-money valuation at 5510 million. L Catterton, Eastward Capital Partners, 
Fraser McCombs Capital, Annox Capital, General Catalyst and other undisclosed investors also participated in the round. 
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
•• Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Series of Stock 
Shares Sought 
Price Per Share 
Combination, Preferred 
F 
Conversion Ratio 
6,597,150 
$17.06 
# of Shares Acquired 
5,834,516 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SERIES F TERMS 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812047
--- PAGE 8 ---
Liquidation Preferences 
Senior 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Non•Cumulative 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Non•participating 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Weighted 
Average 
Dividend Rights 
Yes 
Redemption Rights 
Yes 
Board Voting Rights 
Yes 
General Voting Rights 
Yes 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Authorized 
Par 
Value 
Original 
Issue Price 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Pref. Multiple 
Conversion 
Price 
% 
Owned 
Series 
6,597,150 
$0.001000 
517.06 
$17.06 
lx 
$17.06 
16.33% 
F 
Series 
3,081,896 
$0.001000 
516.22 
$16.22 
lx 
$16.22 
8.62% 
E 
Series 
7,215,568 
$0.001000 
513.17 
$13.17 
lx 
$13.17 
20.19% 
D 
Series 
4,567,121 
$0.001000 
511.87 
$11.87 
lx 
$11.87 
12.78% 
C 
Series 
2,416,816 
$0.001000 
$4.97 
$4.97 
lx 
54.97 
6.76% 
B 
Series 
2,249,998 
$0.001000 
$3.22 
$3.22 
lx 
$3.22 
6.30% 
A 
Investors (7) 
Investor Name 
1. Annox Capital 
2. Eastward Capital Partners 
3. Fraser McCombs Capital 
4. General Catalyst 
5. L Catterton 
6. Pico Partners 
Status 
New Investor 
No 
New Investor 
No 
New Investor 
No 
Follow•On 
Investor 
Follow•On 
Investor 
Follow•On 
Investor 
Lead/Sole Comments 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Form of Payment: 
Fund 1: 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Form of Payment: 
Fund 1: 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Form of Payment: 
Fund 1: 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
Form of Payment: 
Fund 1: 
Cash 
Fraser McCombs 
Ventures II 
Adam Valkin 
Cash 
General Catalyst Group 
VIII 
Scott Dahnke 
Cash 
L Catterton Growth 
Partners Ill 
Elie Wurtman 
Cash 
PICO Venture Partners 
of 28 
3/11/19, 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812048
--- PAGE 9 ---
7. T. Rowe Price 
Follow•On 
Investor 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
Henry Ellenbogen 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
T.Rowe Price New 
Horizons Fund 
E Estimated 
Advisors (1) 
# 
Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
1. E*Law Group 
Legal Advisor 
Vroom 
Lead Partner: 
Jeremy 
Makarechian 
JD 
Tranches (3) 
Tranc he Date 
Amount 
Financing Type 
Comments 
1. 14•Jul•2017 
576.36M 
Later Stage VC 
Stock Type: 
Preferred 
2. 24•Aug•2017 
55.84M 
3. 08•Dec•2017 
517.33M 
Stock Price Data 
Deal Closed: 08-Dec-2017 
T. Rowe Price (TROW) 
VWAP 30 days prior: 
Price 5 days prior: 
Price 1 day prior: 
499.05 
4102.79 
4102.74 
Tranche Size 
Actual 
Status: 
Stock Series 
F 
Type: 
Later Stage VC 
Stock Type: 
Preferred 
Tranche Size 
Actual 
Status: 
Stock Series 
F 
Type: 
Later Stage VC 
Stock Type: 
Preferred 
Tranche Size 
Actual 
Status: 
Stock Series 
F 
Type: 
of 28 
3/11/19, 12:23 Pivt 
EFTA00812049
--- PAGE 10 ---
Price on Close Date: 
$102.75 
Price 1 day after: 
$102.75 
Price 5 days after: 
$101.90 
Price 30 days after: 
$107.23 
Deal #5: Later Stage VC (Series E), $5OM, Completed; 20-Sep-2016 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital-
Total 
550.OOM 
Deal Types 
Later Stage VC. 
Status 
Backed 
Invested 
Series E 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Capital 
Deal Amount 
$50.00M 
Source 
Pre-money 
5390.92M 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Raised to Date 
5218.21M 
Valuation 
Post 
5440.92M 
Deal Date 
20-Sep-2016 
Total Invested 
550.OOM 
Valuation 
Equity 
Announced 
28•Jun•2016 
CEO/Lead 
Paul 
Date 
Investor 
71.87% 
Mgt 
Hennessy 
Ownership 
% Acquired 
11.34% 
Site 
New York, NY 
Stock Split 
: 1 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised $50 million of Series E venture funding from lead investor T. Rowe Price on September 20, 2016, 
putting the pre money valuation at $390.92 million. Altimeter Capital, Foxhaven Asset Management, Alpha Venture 
Partners, L Catterton, Pico Partners, General Catalyst Partners and Allen & Company also participated. The company will 
use the funding to expand its operations in the United States and increase inventory. With the round, the company has 
now raised a total of $218 million in funding to date. 
Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
4A Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Series of Stock 
Shares Sought 
Price Per Share 
Preferred 
# of Shares Acquired 
3,081,896 
E 
Conversion Ratio 
3,081,896 
$16.22 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share cakulated using the Weighted Average Method 
SERIES E TERMS 
Liquidation Preferences 
Senior 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Non•Cumulative 
Participating vs. Non- 
participating 
Non-participating 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Weighted 
Average 
Dividend Rights 
Yes 
Redemption Rights 
Yes 
Board Voting Rights 
Yes 
General Voting Rights 
Yes 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Par 
Original 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Conversion 
% 
Authorized 
Value 
Issue Price 
Pref. Multiple 
Price 
Owned 
Series 
3,081,896 
$0.001000 
$16.22 
$16.22 
lx 
$16.22 
11.34% 
E 
Series 
7,215,568 
$0.001000 
$13.17 
$13.17 
lx 
$13.17 
26.55% 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812050
--- PAGE 11 ---
Series 
4,567,121 
$0.001000 
$11.87 
$11.87 
lx 
$11.87 
16.80% 
C 
Series 
2,416,816 
$0.001000 
$4.97 
$4.97 
lx 
$4.97 
8.89% 
Series 
2,249,998 
$0.001000 
$3.22 
$3.22 
lx 
$3.22 
8.28% 
A 
Investors (7) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Allen & Company 
Follow-On 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Investor 
2. Alpha Venture Partners 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
3. Altimeter Capital 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Bradley Gerstner JD 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Altimeter Private 
Partners Fund I 
4. Foxhaven Asset Management 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
5. General Catalyst 
Follow-On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Adam Valkin 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
General Catalyst Group 
VIII 
6. L Catterton 
Follow-On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Scott Dahnke 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
L Catterton Growth 
Partners III 
7. T. Rowe Price 
Follow-On 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
Henry Ellenbogen 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
T.Rowe Price New 
Horizons Fund 
E Estimated 
Advisors (1) 
# 
Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
Comments 
1. Finn Dixon & Heding 
Legal Advisor 
Stock Price Data 
I of 28 
3/11/19,12:23 PM 
EFTA00812051
--- PAGE 12 ---
Deal Closed: 20-Sep-2016 
T. Rowe Price (TROW) 
VWAP 30 days prior: 
Price 5 days prior: 
Price 1 day prior: 
Price on Close Date: 
Price 1 day after: 
Price 5 days after: 
Price 30 days after: 
Financials 
$68.36 
$67.80 
$66.64 
$66.63 
466.83 
465.92 
465.88 
Financials - Fiscal Year 2016 
All Financials in Thousands, USD 
Deal Multiples 
Valuation / 
Revenue 
Deal Size / Revenue 
Data Origination 
Original 
Calculated 
0.40 
0.05 
Yes 
Yes 
Income Statement 
Total Revenue 
1,100,000 
Ratios 
Revenue % Growth 
22.22% 
Deal #4: Later Stage VC (Series D), $95M, Completed; 16-Dec-2015 
VC Round 4 Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital. 
Total 
595.00M 
Deal 
Types 
Later Stage VC, Series D, 
Acquisition Financing 
Status 
Financing 
Backed 
Venture Capital 
Invested 
Capital 
Deal 
$95.00M 
Source 
Pre-money 
5222.24M 
Amount 
Raised to Date 
5168.21M — 
Valuation 
Deal 
Completed 
Total Invested 
595.00M 
Post 
5317.24M 
Status 
Equity 
Valuation 
Deal Date 16-Dec-2015 
Investor 
68.27% 
CEO/Lead Mgt 
Allon Bloch 
29.95% 
Ownership 
Site 
New York, NY 
Acquired 
Stock Split 
: 1 
# of 
150 
Employees 
Business 
Generating 
Status 
Revenue 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised $95 million of Series D venture funding led by L Catterton, formerly Catterton Partners on December 
16, 2015, putting the company's pre money valuation at 5222.24 million. Allen & Company, PICO Venture Partners, 
General Catalyst, T. Rowe Price, Bob Mylod and Jeffery Boyd also participated. The company will use the funding to finance 
the acquisition of Texas Direct Auto. 
t Not necessarily a summation of individual debt figures 
Does not include grant funding 
E Estimated 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812052
--- PAGE 13 ---
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Series of Stock 
Shares Sought 
Price Per Share 
Preferred 
D 
7,215,568 
$13.17 
# of Shares Acquired 
7,215,567 
Conversion Ratio 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average Method 
SERIES D TERMS 
Liquidation Preferences 
Senior 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Non-Cumulative 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Non. participating 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Weighted 
Average 
Dividend Rights 
Yes 
Redemption Rights 
Yes 
Board Voting Rights 
Yes 
General Voting Rights 
Yes 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Par 
Original 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Conversion 
% 
Authorized 
Value 
Issue Price 
Pref. Multiple 
Price 
Owned 
Series 
7,215,568 
$0.001000 
$13.17 
$13.17 
lx 
$13.17 
29.95% 
Series 
4,567,121 
$0.001000 
$11.87 
$11.87 
lx 
$11.87 
18.95% 
C 
Series 
2,416,816 
$0.001000 
$4.97 
$4.97 
lx 
$4.97 
10.03% 
B 
Series 
2,249,998 
$0.001000 
$3.22 
$3.22 
lx 
$3.22 
9.34% 
A 
Investors (6) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. Allen & Company 
New Investor 
No 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
2. General Catalyst 
Follow•On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Adam Valkin 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
GC Stripe Platform Fund 
3. L Catterton 
Follow•On 
Yes 
Lead Partner: 
Scott Dahnke 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Catterton Partners VII 
4. Pico Partners 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Elie Wurtman 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
5. Robert Mylod 
Follow-On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Robert Mylod Jr. 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812053
--- PAGE 14 ---
2. Finn Dixon & Herling 
3. Gross Kleinhendler Hodak 
Halevy Greenberg & Co. 
Financials 
Financials - Fiscal Year 2015 
All Financials in Thousands, USD 
Deal Multiples 
Valuation / 
0.35 
Revenue 
Deal Size / Revenue 
0.11 
Data Origination 
Original 
Calculated 
Yes 
Yes 
6. T. Rowe Price 
E Estimated 
Advisors (3) 
# 
Advisor Name 
Follow•On 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Investor 
Form of Payment: 
Fund 1: 
Service Type 
Hired By 
1. Broadband Capital Management 
Advisor: 
General 
Legal Advisor 
L Catterton 
Legal Advisor 
Vroom 
Vroom 
Income Statement 
Total Revenue 
900,000 
Comments 
Ratios 
Henry Ellenbogen 
Cash 
T.Rowe Price New 
Horizons Fund 
Revenue % Growth 
800.00% 
Deal #3: Later Stage VC (Series C), $54.21M, Completed; 20-Jul-2015 
VC Round 
Round 
Financing 
Venture Capital-
Total Invested 
554.21M 
Deal Types 
Later Stage VC, Series 
Status 
Backed 
Capital 
C 
Financing 
Venture Capital 
Pre-money 
5163.80M 
Deal 
554.21M 
Source 
Valuation 
Amount 
Raised to Date 
$73.21M 
Post Valuation 
5218.01M 
Deal Status 
Completed 
Total Invested 
$54.21M 
CEO/Lead Mgt 
AlIon Bloch 
Deal Date 
% Acquired 
20•Jul•2015 
24.87% 
Equity 
Investor 
50.27% 
Site 
New York, 
NY 
Ownership 
Business Status 
Startup 
Stock Split 
: 1 
Deal Synopsis 
The company raised 554.21 million of Series C venture funding from L Catterton, General Catalyst and John Albert Elway Jr. 
on July 20, 2015, putting the company's pre-money valuation at 5163.80 million. Bob Mylod and T. Rowe Price also 
participated in the round. 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812054
--- PAGE 15 ---
Not necessarily a summation of indivklual debt figures 
.** Does not include grant funding 
F Estimated 
Stock Info + Cap Table History 
Type of Stock 
Series of Stock 
Shares Sought 
Price Per Share 
Preferred 
C 
4,567,121 
$11.87 
# of Shares Acquired 
4,567,121 
Conversion Ratio 
E Shares Sought and Price Per Share calculated using the Weighted Average method 
SERIES C TERMS 
Liquidation Preferences 
Senior 
Cumulative/Non-cumulative 
Non-Cumulative 
Participating vs. Non-
participating 
Non-participating 
Anti-dilution Provisions 
Weighted 
Average 
Dividend Rights 
Yes 
Redemption Rights 
Yes 
Board Voting Rights 
Yes 
General Voting Rights 
Yes 
CAP TABLE HISTORY 
Stock 
# Of Shares 
Par 
Original 
Liquidation Liquidation 
Conversion 
% 
Authorized 
Value 
Issue Price 
Pref. Multiple 
Price 
Owned 
Series 
4,567,121 
50.001000 
511.87 
511.87 
lx 
$11.87 
24.87% 
C 
Series 
2,416,816 
50.001000 
$4.97 
54.97 
lx 
$4.97 
13.16% 
B 
Series 
2,249,998 
50.001000 
$3.22 
53.22 
lx 
$3.22 
12.25% 
A 
Investors (5) 
Investor Name 
Status 
Lead/Sole Comments 
1. General Catalyst 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Adam Valkin 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
GC Stripe Platform Fund 
2. John Elway 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
John Elway Jr. 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
3. L Catterton 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Scott Dahnke 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
Fund 1: 
Catterton Partners VII 
4. Robert Mylod 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Robert Mylod Jr. 
Form of Payment: 
Cash 
5. T. Rowe Price 
New Investor 
No 
Lead Partner: 
Henry Ellenbogen 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812055
--- PAGE 16 ---
E Estimated 
Advisors (3) 
# 
Advisor Name 
Service Type 
Hired By 
1. Broadband Capital Management 
Advisor: 
Vroom 
General 
2. Finn Dixon & Herling 
Legal Advisor 
L Catterton 
3. Gross Kleinhendler Hodak 
Legal Advisor 
Vroom 
Halevy Greenberg & Co. 
I Financials 
Financials - Fiscal Year 2015 
All Financials in Thousands, USD 
Deal Multiples 
Valuation / 
Revenue 
Deal Size / Revenue 
Data Origination 
Original 
Calculated 
Income Statement 
0.24 
Total Revenue 
0.06 
Yes 
Yes 
Form of Payment: 
Fund 1: 
Cash 
T.Rowe Price New 
Horizons Fund 
Comments 
Ratios 
900,000 
R 
% Growth 
800.00% 
Investors (15) 
Active Investors (15) 
Name 
Investor Type 
AutoNation 
Corporation 
Annox Capital 
Eastward Capital 
Partners 
Fraser McCombs 
Capital 
Venture Capital 
Venture Capital 
Venture Capital 
Holding Investor 
Board Related Deals 
Since 
Minority 
Dec 2018 
Minority 
Dec 2017 
Minority 
Dec 2017 
Minority 
Dec 2017 
#7. Later Stage VC (Series G): New 
Investor. Dec 2018, Michael Jackson, 
$146.00M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series F): New 
Investor. Dec 2017, $99.52M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series F): New 
Investor, Dec 2017, $99.52M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series F): New 
Investor. Dec 2017, $99.52M 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812056
--- PAGE 17 ---
#7. Later Stage VC (Series G): Follow-
on, Dec 2018, $146.00M 
Alpha Venture Partners 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Sep 2016 
Altimeter Capital 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Sep 2016 
Foxhaven Asset 
Hedge Fund 
Minority 
Sep 2016 
Management 
Investor, Sep 2016, $50.00M 
#5. later Stage VC (Series E): New 
Investor, Sep 2016, $50.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series E): New 
Investor, Sep 2016, Bradley Gerstner 
JD, $50.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series E): New 
Allen & Company 
Investment Bank 
Minority 
Dec 2015 
#4. Later Stage VC (Series DI: New 
Investor, Dec 2015, $95.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series E): Follow-
on, Sep 2016, $50.00M 
Pico Partners 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Dec 2015 
‘ 09 
#4. Later Stage VC (Series D): New 
Investor, Dec 2015, Elie Wurtman, 
$95.00M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series FI: Follow-
on, Dec 2017, Elie Wurtman, 599.52M 
General Catalyst 
Venture Capital 
Minority 
Jul 2015 
‘of 
#3. Later Stage VC (Series C): New 
Investor, Jul 2015, Adam Valkin, 
$54.21M 
#4. Later Stage VC (Series D): Follow-
on, Dec 2015, Adam Valkin, $95.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series E): Follow-
on, Sep 2016, Adam Valkin, $50.00M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series F): Follow-
on, Dec 2017, Adam Valkin, $99.52M 
#7. Later Stage VC (Series G): Follow-
on, Dec 2018, Adam Valkin, $146.00M 
John Sway 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jul 2015 
L Catterton 
#3. Later Stage VC (Series C): New 
Investor, Jul 2015, John Elway Jr., 
$54.21M 
PE/Buyout 
Minority 
Jul 2015 
Ne 
#3. Later Stage VC (Series C): New 
Investor, Jul 2015, Scott Dahnke, 
$54.21M 
#4. Later Stage VC (Series D): Follow-
on, Dec 2015, Scott Dahnke, $95.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series E): Follow-
on, Sep 2016, Scott Dahnke, $50.00M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series F): Follow-
on, Dec 2017, Scott Dahnke, $99.52M 
#7. Later Stage VC (Series G): Follow-
on, Dec 2018, Scott Dahnke, $146.00M 
Robert Mylod 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Jul 2015 
#3. Later Stage VC (Series C): New 
Investor, Jul 2015, Robert Mylod Jr., 
$54.21M 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812057
--- PAGE 18 ---
#4. Later Stage VC (Series D): Follow-
on, Dec 2015, Robert Mylod Jr., 
$95.00M 
T. Rowe Price 
Stephen Berrard 
Asset Manager 
Minority 
Jul 2015 
Angel (individual) 
Minority 
Nov 2014 
#3. Later Stage VC (Series C): New 
Investor, Jul 2015, Henry Ellenbogen. 
$54.21M 
#4. Later Stage VC (Series D): Follow-
on, Dec 2015, Henry Ellenbogen. 
$95.00M 
#5. Later Stage VC (Series E): Follow-
on, Sep 2016, Henry Ellenbogen, 
$50.00M 
#6. Later Stage VC (Series F): Follow-
on, Dec 2017, Henry Ellenbogen, 
$99.52M 
#7. Later Stage VC (Series G): Follow-
on, Dec 2018, $146.00M 
#2. Early Stage VC (Series B): New 
Investor, Nov 2014, $11.75M 
Service Providers 
Service on a Deal (12) 
Service Provider 
Service Provided 
Service To 
Deal Date 
Deal # 
Comments 
Name 
E*Law Group 
Legal Advisor 
Vroom 
11- 
Dec-2018 
E*Law Group 
Legal Advisor 
Vroom 
08- 
Dec-2017 
Finn Dixon & Herling 
Legal Advisor 
L Catterton 
20- 
Sep-2016 
Broadband Capital 
Advisor: General 
Vroom 
16- 
Management 
Dec-2015 
Finn Dixon & Herling 
Legal Advisor 
L Catterton 
16- 
Dec-2015 
Gross Kleinhendler 
Legal Advisor 
Vroom 
16- 
Hodak Halevy 
Dec-2015 
Greenberg & Co. 
Broadband Capital 
Advisor: General 
Vroom 
20-Jul-2015 
Management 
Finn Dixon & Herling 
Legal Advisor 
L Catterton 
20-Jul-2015 
Gross Kleinhendler 
Legal Advisor 
Vroom 
20-Jul-2015 
Hodak Halevy 
Greenberg & Co. 
of 28 
3/11/19, 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812058
--- PAGE 19 ---
Broadband Capital 
Advisor: General 
Vroom 
17- 
Management 
Nov-2014 
E•Law Group 
Legal Advisor 
Vroom 
17- 
Nov-2014 
Broadband Capital 
Advisor: General 
Vroom 
25-Jun-2013 
Management 
Lead Partners an Deals (24) 
Investors (21) 
Name 
Adam Valkin 
All 
Deals 
Title 
Managing 
Director 
Representing 
General Catalyst 
Deals 
#7. Later Stage 
VC (Series G): 
Dec 2018, 
$146.00M, 
Completed 
Phone 
+1 (617) 
234-7000 
Email 
Michael Jackson 
Chief Executive 
AutoNation 
07. Later Stage 
+1 (404) 
0Mcer 
VC (Series G): 
498.8500 
Dec 2018, 
S146.00M, 
Completed 
Scott Dannke 
Global Co-Chief 
L Catterton 
#7. Later Stage 
+1 (203) 
Executive Officer 
VC (Series G): 
629.4901 
Dec 2018, 
S146.00M, 
Completed 
Adam Valkin 
Managing 
General Catalyst 
#6. Later Stage 
+1 (617) 
Director 
VC (Series F): 
234.7000 
Dec 2017, 
$99.52M, 
Completed 
Elie Wurtineln 
Co-Founder, 
Pico Partners 
06. Later Stage 
+972 (0)2 
eile@pco.partnets 
Managing Partner 
VC (Series F): 
560 9402 
6, General Palmer 
Dec 2017, 
$99.52M, 
Completed 
Henry Ellenbogen 
thief Investment 
T. Rowe Price 
#6. Later Stage 
+1 (800) 
Officer & Portfolio 
VC (Series F): 
638.7890 
Manager 
Dec 2017, 
$99.52M, 
Completed 
Scott Dannke 
Global Co-Chief 
L Catterton 
#6. Later Stage 
+1 (203) 
Executive Officer 
VC (Series F): 
629.4901 
Dec 2017, 
$99.52M, 
Completed 
Mara Valkin 
Managing 
General Catalyst 
#5. Later Stage 
+1 16171 
Director 
VC (Series E): 
234.7000 
Sep 2016, 
$50.00M, 
Completed 
Bradley Gerstner JO 
Founder & Chief 
Altimeter Capital 
#5. Later Stage 
+1(617) 
Executive Officer 
VC (Series E): 
310.6180 
Sep 2016, 
$50.00M, 
Completed 
of 28 
3/11/19,12:23 PM 
EFTA00812059
--- PAGE 20 ---
Henry Ellenbogen 
Met Investment 
T. Rowe Price 
»5. Later Stage 
+1 1800) 
Officer 6 Portfolio 
VC (Series E): 
638.7890 
Manager 
Sep 2016, 
550.00M, 
Completed 
Scott Clannke 
Global Co-Chief 
L Cattenon 
»5. Later Stage 
+1 (203) 
Executive Officer 
VC (Series E): 
629.4901 
Sep 2016, 
550.00M, 
Completed 
Adam Valkin 
Managing 
General Catalyst 
#4. Later Stage 
+1 16171 
Director 
VC (Series D): 
234.7000 
Dec 2015, 
595.00M, 
Completed 
Elie Wuitman 
Co-Founder, 
Pico Partners 
#4. Later Stage 
+972 (0)2 
elie@pico.partners 
Managing Panne( 
VC (Series 0): 
560 9402 
General Partner 
Dec 2015, 
$95.00M, 
Completed 
Henry Ellenbogen 
Chief investment 
T. Rowe Price 
#4. Later Stage 
+1 (800) 
Officer 6 Portfolio 
VC (Series 0): 
638.7890 
Manager 
Dec 2015, 
595.00M, 
Completed 
Robert MySod Jr. 
Angel Investor 
Robert Mylod 
#4. Later Slage 
+1 (248) 
VC (Series D): 
712-1086 
Dec 2015, 
595.00M, 
Completed 
Scott Clannke 
Global Co-Chief 
L Cattenon 
#4. Later Stage 
+1 (203) 
Executive Officer 
VC (Series D): 
629.4901 
Dec 2015, 
$95.00M, 
Completed 
Adam Valkin 
Managing 
General Catalyst 
43. Later Stage 
+1 (617) 
Director 
VC (Series C): Jul 
234-7000 
2015, $54.21M, 
Completed 
Henry Ellenbogen 
Chief Investment 
T. Rowe Price 
#3. Later Stage 
+1 (800) 
Officer 6 Portfolio 
VC (Series Q: Jul 
638.7890 
Manager 
2015, 554.21M, 
Completed 
John Elway Jr. 
Angel Investor 
John Elway 
#3. Later Slage 
VC (Series C). Jut 
2015. $54.2114. 
Completed 
Robert Mylod Jr. 
Angel Investor 
Robert bly/od 
»3. Later Stage 
+1 (248) 
VC (Series C). Jul 
712-1086 
2015. 554.21M, 
Completed 
Scott Dahnke 
Global Co-Chief 
L Cattenon 
»3. Later Stage 
+1 (203) 
Executive Officer 
VC (Series C): Jul 
629.4901 
2015,$54.21M, 
Completed 
Service Providers - Sell Side (3) 
Name 
Jeremy Makareclhan 
All 
Title 
Deals 
Representing 
Deals 
Phone 
Email 
Founder & Managing 
E•Law Group 
si 7. Later Stage VC 
+1(303) 
jrnakarechlan
g-
Partner 
(Series G): Dec 
410-8988 
-
2018,5146.00M, 
of 28 
3/11/19,12:23 PM 
EFTA00812060
--- PAGE 21 ---
Completed 
Jeremy Makarechlan JD 
Jeremy Makarechlan 
Founder & Managing 
E•Law Group 
#6. Later Stage VC 
+1 (303) 
OakarecnianOelg-
Partner 
(Series F): Dec 2017, 
410-8988 
599.52M, Completed 
Founder & Managing 
E•Law Group 
*2. Early Stage VC 
+1 (303) 
Partner 
(Series 6): Nov 2014, 
410-8988 
S11.75M, Completed 
jmakarecnianOelg-
Investments I Buy Side (2) 
Company Deal Date 
Deal Type 
Deal Size 
Co-Investors 
Company 
Industry 
Lead 
Name 
Texas 
16-Dec-2015 
Merger/Acquisition 
$95.00M 
Direct Auto 
Beepi 
(Software) 
t indicates an Add•On 
F Estimated 
x Investor Exited Deal 
Corporate Asset 
Purchase 
Stage 
Partner 
Generating 
Automotive 
Allon Bloch 
Revenue 
Automotive 
Affiliates 
Subsidiaries (1) 
Name 
Texas Direct Auto 
Industry 
Location 
Year Founded 
Automotive 
Stafford, DC 
2002 
Market Information 
Competition 
The company's competitors include Beepi 
Financials 
Key Metrics (TTM) 
Amounts in thousands, USD (except Ratios, 
Multiples & per share [terns) 
Income Statement 
Total Revenue 
Ratios 
Revenue % Growth 
Data Origination 
Preliminary 
Original 
Restated 
months Ending 
Dee 2016 
Start: 31.Oec-2015 
End: 31.Oec-2016 
Months Ending 
Dec 2015 
Start: 31-Dec-2014 
End: 31-Dec-2015 
months analog 
Dec 2014 
Start: 31-Dec-2013 
End: 31.DeC-2014 
1,100,000 
900,000 
100,000 
22.22% 
800.00% 
No 
No 
No 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
No 
No 
No 
of 23 
3/11/19, 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812061
--- PAGE 22 ---
Calculated 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Signals Summary 
This company has a weekly growth rate of 0.32%, placing it in the 92nd percentile of all growth rates tracked within 
PitchBook. Its underlying data points generate a size multiple that is 35.2x times larger than the median of all size 
multiples tracked within PitchBook, placing it in the 97th percentile of all size multiples tracked within PitchBook. 
Growth Rate Summary (Weekly) 
Size Multiple Summary (x Median) 
Twitter Followers 
Social 
Twitter Followers 
Social 
1.280 
0.35% 
1.285 
3.59x 
Similar Web Unique 
Similar Web Unique 
Visitors 
0.32% 
Visitors 
35.2x 
16,987 
web 
Cavoth alto 
923+4 Ptitefq le 
16,987 
Web 
4•16411{4* 
97111 gerceNtile 
majestic Referring 
0.30% 
Majestic Referring 
66.7x 
Domains 
Domains 
865 
865 
Signals History 
Growth Rate History 
2.0 
1.5 
1.0 
0.9 
0.0 
4.5 
Smile Oct'18 
Nov 'IR 
Dm 18 
Jan 1 9 
Feb19 
Growth Rate 
ma Web Growth Rate 
Im Social Growth Rate 
Size Multiple History 
203.0 
175.0 
150.0 
125.0 
103.0 
75.0 
50.0 
25.0 
0.0 
25.0 
I 
I 
t 
I 
Sep'18 Darla 
Nov 1 8 
Dec 18 
Janie 
Feb '19 
m 
Sue Mulople 
— Web Sire Multple 
m Social Size Mukple 
Social Media Signals 
of 28 
3/11/19,12:23 PM 
EFTA00812062
--- PAGE 23 ---
Twitter Followers 1.288 
Web Signals 
128K 
SimilarWeb Unique Visitors 76.947 
90K 
82K 
73K 
65K 
Sep'18 Oct 18 
1/42alcjia,Raferring Domainc 865 
1% 
Sepii48-430441—Pler48-13e c9
9a
49— 
817 
M 
733 
 TS^ •c^iw - 
Ca Itflier: id; e 
room 
—AU 
nies 
Average
Noy '18 
Dec '18 
Jan 19 
Feb '19 
TVetp
 date 
Dec
Growth
0. 0% 
ISO Unlquethscors 
Calculation Range 0 
Metric 
Vroom 
All 
Companies 
Average 
SimilarWeb Unique 
76,947 
21,451 
Visitors 
Growth Rate 
-1.20% 
-0.55% 
Growth Rate 
25th 
39th 
Percentile 
Size Multiple 
108x 
39.2x 
Size Multiple 
97th 
50th 
Percentile 
Growth Rate 
Referring Dornalfr2nd 
Cakulation RalhOhO 
OrAatOtql0 
Vroom 
Size Multiple 
3.59x 
Size Multiple 
74th 
Percentile 
All 
Complita?i 
AveNfe 
Majestic Referring 
865 
365 
Domains 
Growth Rate 
Growth Rate 
Percentile 
Size Multiple 
Size Multiple 
Percentile 
1.80% 
-0.01% 
99th 
23rd 
25.5x 
10.8x 
95th 
50th 
Ranking And Distribution 
Weekly Growth 0.32%, 92nd %ile 
SO 
100 
44.0% 
897% 
DeclinerFlat 
• 
Percentile 
Steady 
• 
Growing 
MM Rate 
• 
Fan 
• 
Max Rate 
Rapid 
I VI130111 
Avg. Rate 
0.10 
-44.0% 
-0.16% 
-1.34% 
10-20 
-0.15% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
20-30 
-
30.40 
- 
-
40.50 
- 
-
50.60 
-
60.70 
- 
-
70.80 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.02% 
80-90 
0.04% 
0.26% 
0.13% 
of 28 
3/11/19,12:23 PM 
EFTA00812063
--- PAGE 24 ---
90.100 
0.27% 
497% 
1.21% 
Size Multiple 35.2x, 97th Voile 
100 
C CO, 
'a:2x 
131Kx 
X Small 
WSJ 
X 
Average 
X 
Laigc 
X 
X Large 
I 
Vroom 
Percentile 
Min Size 
Max Size 
Avg. Size 
0.10 
0.00x 
0.12x 
0.07x 
10.20 
0.13x 
0.26x 
0.20x 
20.30 
0.27x 
0.44x 
0.36x 
30.40 
0.45x 
0.65x 
0.55x 
40.50 
0.66x 
0.99x 
0.81x 
50.60 
1.00x 
1.49x 
1.22x 
60.70 
1.50x 
2.35x 
1.88x 
70.80 
2.36x 
4.15x 
3.12x 
80.90 
4.16x 
10.7x 
6.59x 
90.100 
10.7x 
131Kx 
117x 
Employee Signals 
Company 
Vroorn 
All Companies Average 
Employee 
Growth Rate 
Count 
Indeed Current Job Openings: 91 
Openings by Department 
548 
Growth 
Size Multiple 
Percentile 
Size 
Percentile 
2.626 
0.28% 
49th 
22.6x 
50th 
'18 
Auo '18 
eo'18 
Oct le 
lac '19 
Feb1.9 
Ao% '12 
Dec 18 
MI Administration/Operations • Engineering 
Executive 
Human Resources MI Legal • 
Marketing/PR ■ Product 
Research MI Sales 
Finance MI Supply Chain NI Other 
FEBRUARY 2019 
of 2K 
3/11/19. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812064
--- PAGE 25 ---
Department 
Open Jobs 
% Change lm 
% Change 3m 
% Change 6m 
Change ly 
Engineering 
• 4.35% 
♦ 37.50% 
♦ 37.50% 
Other 
♦ 23.53% 
♦ 31.25% 
• 8.70% 
Finance 
♦ 16.67% 
♦ 25.00% 
♦ 150.00% 
Sales 
♦ 12.50% 
♦ 50.00% 
♦ 125.00% 
Administration/Operations 
♦ 14.29% 
♦ 60.00% 
♦ 100.00% 
Human Resources 
♦ 28.57% 
♦ 25.00% 
Marketing/PR 
♦ 150.00% 
♦ 150.00% 
♦ 150.00% 
Supply Chain 
♦ 25.00% 
♦ 400.00% 
♦ 400.00% 
Product 
♦ 50.00% 
♦ 50.00% 
♦ 50.00% 
Research 
♦ 50.00% 
♦ 200.00% 
♦ 50.00% 
Executive 
• 100.00% 
Legal 
• 100.00% 
• 100.00% 
Summary 
♦ 8.33% 
A 46.77% 
♦ 49.18% 
Company signals data was calculated against 843794 companies within all companies. 
Company Signals Population: Company Signals data is tracked for active companies (i.e. have not gone out of business) 
that haven't been exited from VC, PE, or Incubator/Accelerator. Social media presence is tracked only for companies that 
have a Twitter account; web presence is tracked only for companies whose websites are tracked by SimilarWeb and 
Majestic. 
News 
Vroom nabs $146M from AutoNation, VCs for its used car site 
Vroom has raised 5146 million in Series G funding, an expansion to a $30 million investment we reported in early 
September. U.S. automotive retailer AutoNation led the round for the startup, with participation from existing investors T. 
Rowe... 
PB Mentions I 26-Dec-2018 
Tagged entities: Vroom 
Vroom Raises $146M Series G 
NEW YORK, NY, Vroom, the national online auto retailer, today announced a $146 million Series G funding round led by 
AutoNation. 
VC News Daily I 11-Dec•2018 
Tagged entities: Vroom, AutoNation, Dave Jones, Dennis Looney, Fraser McCombs Capital, General Catalyst, L 
Catterton, Mitch Bert Paul Hennessy, T. Rowe Price 
Vroom Raises $146M in Series G Funding 
Vroom Raises $146M in Series G Funding 
FinSMEs 11-Dec-2018 
Tagged entities: Vroom, Dave Jones, Dennis Looney, General Catalyst, Mitch Berq, Paul Hennessy 
Vroom nabs $146M from AutoNation. VCs for its used car marketplace 
Vroom nabs $146M from AutoNation, VCs for its used car marketplace 
TechCrunch I 11-Dec-2018 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PNI 
EFTA00812065
--- PAGE 26 ---
Tagged entities: Vrnnm AUTO1 Group AutoNation, farsoring Dave (ones Dennis Looney Fraser Mernmhs 
Caoltat Mitch Berg paul Hennessy 
Used car marketplace Vroom raises $146 million 
Used car marketplace Vroom raises $146 million 
VentureBeat 11-Dec-2018 
Tagged entities: Vroom, General Catalyst, Shift (Car Marketplace) 
AutoNation invests in online used-car retailer Vroom 
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. -- AutoNation, the nation's largest auto retailer, is investing in Vroom, one of the largest online 
retailers of used cars. Fort Lauderdale•based AutoNation said Tuesday that it 
Arizona Daily Star 130.Oct•2018 
Tagged entities: Vroom 
Used car site Vroom is raising $70M six months after a big round of layoffs 
Used car site Vroom is raising $70M six months after a big round of layoffs 
TechCrunch 101•Sep•2018 
Tagged entities: Vroom, Carvana, Shift (IT Consultant') 
Online car retail co Vroom raises $76m 
The Series F financing round was led by Israel's PICO Venture Partners. 
Globes I 17jul-2017 
Tagged entities: Vroom Texas Direct Auto 
Vroom Raises $76M Series F Round 
NEW YORK, NY, National online auto retailer announced a 576 million Series F funding round. Click here for more funding 
data on Vroom To export Vroom funding data to PDF and Excel, click here Vroom (www.vroom.com), the national online 
auto retaile... 
VC News Daily 114•Jul•2017 
Tagged entities: Vroom 
Online Auto Retailer Vroom Raises $76 Million 
Online Auto Retailer Vroom Raises $76 Million 
Fleet News Daily I 14-Jul-2017 
Tagged entities: Vroom 
Vroom Raises $76 Million Series F Round 
Vroom (www.vroom.com), the national online auto retailer, announced a $76 million Series F funding round with certain 
funds and accounts advised by T. 
BusinessWire 113•Jul•2017 
Tagged entities: Vroom 
Online PreA)wned Car Retailer Vroom Raises $50 Million Series E Round to Drive 
Accelerated Growth 
Online Pre•Owned Car Retailer Vroom Raises $50 Million Series E Round to Drive Accelerated Growth New Investors 
Foxhaven and Altimeter Join Previous Investors L Catterton, General Catalyst Partners, Allen & Company, and Funds and 
Accounts Advised... 
of 28 
3/11/19. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812066
--- PAGE 27 ---
BusinessWire I 20-Sep•2016 
Tagged entities: Vroom 
Vroom raises $50 million to make buying a used car as easy as shoe shopping online 
Vroom raises $50 million to make buying a used car as easy as shoe shopping online Posted 1 hour ago by Lora Kolodny 
(@lorakolodny) 
Next Story Gunning to become the top seller of used cars online, Vroom Inc. has raised $50... 
TechCrunch 20-Sep-2016 
Tagged entities: Vroom 
Israeli technoloay and the future of transportation 
Israeli technology and the future of transportation Posted 9 hours ago by Max Marine 
Next Story Max Marine 
Crunch Network Contributor Max Marine is the investment team analyst at iAngels. How to join the network To get from... 
TechCrunch 2flul-2016 
Tagged entities: Vroom 
Online Pre-Owned Car Retailer Vroom Raises $28.82M 
Online Pre•Owned Car Retailer Vroom Raises $28.82M USA Published on July 10, 2016 Vroom, a NYC-based online pre• 
owned car retailer, has said it raised $28.82m in equity funding. According to a regulatory form filed with the SEC, two 
investors... 
FinSMEs I 10-Jul-2016 
Tagged entities: Vroom 
Online car seller Vroom acquires competitor Texas Direct Auto, raises $95M 
Online car seller Vroom acquires competitor Texas Direct Auto, raises 595M Vroom, the online used car seller that 
launched two years ago with the concept of no-haggling purchases, announced today that it is acquiring an an older, larger 
rival... 
Puget Sound Business Journal 16-Dec-2015 
Tagged entities: Vroom, Texas Direct Auto 
Vroom Agrees to Acquire Texas Direct Auto. to Be Financed Through a $95 Million Series 
C Equity Round 
Vroom Agrees to Acquire Texas Direct Auto, to Be Financed Through a $95 Million Series C Equity Round Combined Entity 
Will Continue to Reinvent How Cars Are Bought and Sold by Putting the Entire Process Online and Offering Nationwide Pick 
Up and... 
BusinessWire 116-Dec-2015 
Tagged entities: Vroom, Texas Direct Auto 
Vroom to buy Texas Direct Auto for Salm 
Vroom to buy Texas Direct Auto for $95m 16122015, 1408 Roy Goldenberg The online second hand car sales company, 
headed by CEO Allon Bloch, has an R&D center in Ness Ziona. Second hand online car sales company Vroom is acquiring 
Texas Direct... 
Globes 16-Dec-2015 
Tagged entities: Vroom, Texas Direct Auto 
Vroom Raises $95M And Acquires Texas Direct Auto In Its Ouest To Bring Car-Buyinq 
Online 
Vroom Raises $95M And Acquires Texas Direct Auto In Its Quest To Bring Car-Buying Online Posted 15 minutes ago by 
Anthony Ha 1@anthonyha) 108 SHARES 
Next Story )People seem to be comfortable buying an ever-growing number 
of things... 
of 28 
3111119. 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812067
--- PAGE 28 ---
TechCrunch I 16-Dec-2015 
Tagged entities: Vroow, texas Direct Auto 
Copyright O 2019 PitchBook Data, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Provided under contract for the exclusive use of subscriber Richard Kahn, HBRK Associates . 
of 28 
3/11/19, 12:23 PM 
EFTA00812068

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812069.pdf
----------------------------------------
Instructions for Form 1023 
(Rev. December 2017) 
Application for Recognition of Exemption Under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal 
Revenue Code 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue 
Code unless othenvise noted. 
Contents 
Page 
Future Developments  
What's New  
Overview of Section 501(c)(3) 
Organizations  
General Instructions  
Answers  
Purpose of Form  
Obtaining Tax-Exempt Status  
What to File  
When to File  
Where To File  
Filing Assistance  
Signature Requirements  
Representation  
Public Inspection  
Foreign Organizations in General . 
Specific Instructions  
Part I. Identification of Applicant  
Part II. Organizational Structure  
Part III. Required Provisions in 
Your Organizing Document  
Part IV. Narrative Description of 
Your Activities  
Part V. Compensation and Other 
Financial Arrangements With 
Your Officers, Directors, 
Trustees, Employees, and 
Independent Contractors  
Part VI. Your Members and Other 
Individuals and Organizations 
That Receive Benefits From 
You  
Part VII. Your History  
Part VIII. Your Specific Activities . . 
Part IX. Financial Data  
Part X. Public Charity Status  
Part XI. User Fee Information  
Schedule A. Churches  
Schedule B. Schools, Colleges, 
and Universities  
Schedule C. Hospitals and 
Medical Research 
Organizations  
Schedule D. Section 509(a)(3) 
Supporting Organizations  
Schedule E. Organizations Not 
Filing Form 1023 Within 27 
Months of Formation  
Schedule F. Homes for the Elderly 
or Handicapped and 
Low-Income Housing  
Schedule G. Successors to Other 
Organizations  
Schedule H. Organizations 
Providing Scholarships, 
Fellowships, Educational 
Loans, or Other Educational 
Contents 
Page 
Grants to Individuals and 
Private Foundations 
Requesting Advance 
Approval of Individual Grant 
Procedures  
Appendix A: Sample Conflict of 
Interest Policy  
Appendix B: States with Statutory 
Provisions Satisfying the 
Requirements of Internal 
Revenue Code Section 
508(e)  
Appendix C: Glossary of Terms . 
Index  
Note. Keep a copy of the completed 
Form 1023 for your permanent records. 
Future Developments 
For the latest information about 
developments related to Form 1023 and 
Its instructions, such as legislation 
enacted after they were published, go to 
IRS.gov/Form1023.
Phone Help 
If you have questions and/or need help 
completing Form 1023, please call 
877-829-5500. This toll-free telephone 
service is available Monday through 
Friday. 
What's New 
New section 170(b)(1)(A)(xl). Form 
1023 includes the new public charity 
status for section 170(b)(1)(A)(lx) 
agricultural organizations. See Part X. 
Public Charity Status, new line 5g. 
User fees are updated annually. 
Organizations should reference Rev. Proc. 
2017-5, 2017-1 I.R.B. 230, at ham& 
core.publish.no.irsloWirblod1/ 
wb201701.0clf or later revision for user 
fees (revised in the first Internal Revenue 
Bulletin (I.R.S.) issued each year). For 
additional information on the user fee, see 
Part XL User Fee Information. 
How To Get Forms and 
Publications 
Internet You can access the IRS website 
hours a day, 7 days a week at 1RS.aov 
to do the following. 
• Download forms, instructions, and 
publications. 
• Order IRS products online. 
• Research your tax questions online. 
• Search publications on by topic or 
keyword. 
• Use the online Internal Revenue Code, 
Regulations, or other official guidance. 
• View Internal Revenue Bulletins (IRBs) 
published in the last few years. 
• Sign up to receive local and national tax 
news by email. To subscribe, go to 
IRS.govichmilies-non-orolits.
Tax forms and publications. You can 
download or print all of the forms and 
publications you may need at IRS.gov/ 
FormsPubs. Otherwise you can go to 
1RS.gov/OrderForms to place an order 
and have forms mailed to you. You should 
receive your order within 10 business 
days. 
Overview of Section 501(c) 
(3) Organizations 
Who Is Eligible for Section 
501(c)(3) Status? 
Organizations organized and operated 
exclusively for religious, charitable, 
scientific, testing for public safety, literary, 
or educational purposes, or to foster 
national or international amateur sports 
competition, or for the prevention of 
cruelty to children or animals are eligible 
to file Form 1023 to obtain recognition of 
exemption from federal income tax under 
section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue 
Code. 
Form 1023 not necessary. The 
following types of organizations may be 
considered tax exempt under section 
501(c)(3) even if they don't file Form 1023. 
• Churches, including synagogues, 
temples, and mosques. 
• Integrated auxiliaries of churches and 
conventions or associations of churches. 
• Any organization that has gross 
receipts in each tax year of normally not 
more than $5,000. For more Information 
on gross receipts exceptions, go to 
1RS.gov/Charities. 
Even though the above organizations 
aren't required to file Form 1023 to be tax 
exempt, these organizations may choose 
to file Form 1023 in order to receive a 
determination letter that recognizes their 
section 501(c)(3) status and specifies 
whether contributions to them are tax 
deductible. 
Jan 02, 2018 
Cat. No. 17132z 
EFTA00812069
--- PAGE 2 ---
Qualification of a Section 501(c)(3) 
Organization 
There are two requirements for an 
organization to be exempt from federal 
income tax under section 501(c)(3). A 
501(c)(3) organization must be organized 
and operated exclusively for one or more 
exempt purposes. 
Organized. An organization must be 
organized as a corporation (including a 
limited liability company), trust, or 
unincorporated association. The 
organizing document (articles of 
incorporation if you are a corporation, 
articles of organization if you are a limited 
liability company, articles of association or 
constitution if you are an association, or 
trust agreement or declaration of trust if 
you are a trust) must limit the 
organization's purpose(s) and 
permanently dedicate its assets to exempt 
purposes. 
Operated. An organization must be 
operated to further one or more of the 
exempt purposes stated in its organizing 
document. Certain other activities are 
prohibited or restricted, including, but not 
limited to, the following activities. A 501(c) 
(3) organization must: 
• Absolutely refrain from participating in 
the political campaigns of candidates for 
local, state, or federal office; 
• Absolutely ensure that its assets and 
earnings don't unjustly enrich board 
members, officers, key management 
employees, or other insiders; 
• Not further non-exempt purposes (such 
as purposes that benefit private interests) 
more than insubstantially; 
• Not operate for the primary purpose of 
conducting a trade or business that isn't 
related to its exempt purpose(s); 
• Not engage in activities that are illegal 
or violate fundamental public policy; and 
• Restrict its legislative activities. 
Legislative activity. An organization 
doesn't qualify for section 501(c)(3) status 
if a substantial part of its activities is 
attempting to influence legislation. 
Form 5768. Most public charities are 
eligible to elect to make expenditures to 
influence legislation by filing Form 5768, 
Election/Revocation of Election by an 
Eligible Section 501(c)(3) Organization To 
Make Expenditures To Influence 
Legislation. By filing Form 5768, an 
eligible organization's legislative activities 
will be measured solely by an expenditure 
limit rather than by the "no substantial 
amount" limit. For additional information 
on the expenditure limit or the no 
substantial amount limit, see Pub. 557, 
Tax-Exempt Status for Your Organization. 
For this purpose, legislation" includes 
action by Congress, a state legislature, a 
local council, or a similar governing body, 
with respect to acts, bills, resolutions or 
similar items (such as legislative 
confirmation of appointive offices). 
Legislation also includes action by the 
public in a referendum, ballot initiative, 
constitutional amendment, or similar 
procedure. Legislation generally doesn't 
include actions by executive, judicial, or 
administrative bodies. 
Organizations may involve themselves 
in issues of public policy without being 
engaged in legislative activity. For 
example, organizations may conduct 
educational meetings, prepare and 
distribute educational materials, or 
otherwise consider public policy issues. 
Similarly, an organization may appear 
before a governmental body to offer 
testimony about a decision that may affect 
the organization's existence. 
A private foundation isn't allowed 
to influence legislation. 
Political campaign Intervention. All 
501(c)(3) organizations are absolutely 
prohibited from directly or indirectly 
participating or intervening in any political 
campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) 
any candidate for elective public office. 
Non-partisan voter education activities 
(including public forums and voter 
education guides) are permitted. Similarly, 
non-partisan activities to encourage 
people to participate in the electoral 
process, such as voter registration and 
get-out-the-vote drives, aren't prohibited 
political campaign activity. However, voter 
education or registration activities that (a) 
favor one candidate over another, (b) 
oppose a candidate in some manner, or 
(c) favor a group of candidates, are 
prohibited. 
Public Charities and Private 
Foundations 
Every organization that qualifies for 
tax-exempt status under section 501(c)(3) 
is further classified as either a public 
charity or a private foundation. For some 
organizations, the primary distinction 
between a public charity and a private 
foundation is an organization's source of 
financial support. 
A public charity has a broad base of 
support, while a private foundation 
receives its support from a small number 
of donors. This classification is important 
because different tax rules apply to the 
operations of each entity. 
Deductibility of contributions to a 
private foundation is more limited than 
contributions to a public charity. See Pub. 
526, Charitable Contributions, for more 
Information on the deductibility of 
contributions. In addition, private 
foundations are subject to excise taxes 
that aren't imposed on public charities. 
Public charities. The following 501(c)(3) 
organizations are classified as public 
charities. 
• Churches. 
• Schools. 
• Hospitals, medical research 
organizations, and cooperative hospital 
service organizations. 
• Organizations that receive substantial 
support from grants, governmental units, 
and/or contributions from the general 
public. 
• Organizations that normally receive 
more than one-third of their support from 
contributions, membership fees, and 
gross receipts from activities related to 
their exempt functions, and not more than 
one-third of their support from gross 
investment income and net unrelated 
business income. 
• Organizations that support other public 
charities. 
If an organization requests public 
charity classification based on receiving 
substantial public support, it must continue 
to seek significant and diversified public 
support contributions in later years. 
Private foundation. A 501(c)(3) 
organization that can't meet one of the 
specific exceptions to be classified as a 
public charity is a private foundation. 
Classification as a private 
foundation has nothing to do with 
the name of the organization. 
There are many organizations that include 
the word foundation in their names that 
aren't private foundations for tax 
purposes. 
Private operating foundations. A 
private foundation that lacks general 
public support but actively conducts 
exempt programs (as opposed to making 
grants to other organizations to conduct 
exempt activities) may be treated as a 
private operating foundation. Private 
operating foundations are subject to more 
favorable rules than other private 
foundations in terms of charitable 
contribution deductions and attracting 
grants from private foundations. In order to 
be classified as a private operating 
foundation, an organization must meet 
certain support tests. See support test at 
IRS.gov/ 
PrivateOperatingFoundationSuPPOrtTestS. 
Also see new Private Operating 
Foundations-new organizations at 
wynvirs.govicharities-non-profitsrivate-
foundations/private-operating-
fpundations-new-organizations 
State Registration Requirements 
Tax exemption under section 501(c)(3) is 
a matter of federal law. After receiving 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812070
--- PAGE 3 ---
federal tax exemption, you may also be 
required to register with one or more 
states to solicit for contributions or to 
obtain exemption from state taxes. The 
National Association of State Charity 
Officials (NASCO) maintains a website 
that provides Informational links to the 
various states for these purposes. It can 
be accessed at www.nasconet.org.
General Instructions 
Social Security Number. Don't enter 
Social Security numbers on this form 
because the IRS is required to disclose 
approved exemption applications and 
information returns. Documents subject to 
disclosure include supporting documents 
filed with the form and correspondence 
with the IRS about filing. 
"You" and "Us". Throughout these 
instructions and Form 1023, the terms 
"you" and "your" refer to the organization 
that is applying for tax-exempt status. The 
terms "us" and "we" refer to the Internal 
Revenue Service. 
Definitions. Terms in bold type in Form 
1023 are defined throughout these 
instructions and in Appendix C. 
Answers 
Answer items completely. Where a "Yes" 
or "No- reply isn't requested, you may 
answer "Not Applicable" where 
appropriate. If you believe you have 
previously answered the Item, you may 
refer to your previous answer. 
Your answers must provide 
sufficient detail about your past, 
present, and planned activities to 
prove that you are an exempt 
organization. We will not be able to 
recognize you as tax exempt based on 
generalizations. Therefore, we need to 
understand the specific activities you will 
undertake to reach your charitable goals. 
Financial data. Form 1023 asks you to 
answer a series of questions and provide 
information to assist us in determining if 
you meet the requirements for tax 
exemption under section 501(c)(3). One of 
the pieces of Information requested is 
financial data. This data, whether 
budgeted or actual, should be consistent 
with other Information presented in the 
application. 
For example, if you are requesting 
public charity status under one of the 
public support tests, the financial data 
should show contributions from the public 
or receipts from providing exempt 
services. Budgeted financial data should 
be prepared based upon your current 
plans. We recognize that the 
organization's actual financial results may 
vary from the budgeted amounts. 
Past, present, and planned activities. 
Many items on Form 1023 are written in 
the present tense; however, your answers 
should be based on your past, present, 
and planned activities. 
Language and currency requirements. 
Prepare Form 1023 and attachments in 
English. Provide an English translation if 
the articles of organization or bylaws are in 
any other language. 
We may ask you to provide English 
translations of foreign language 
publications you submit with your Form 
1023. 
Report financial information in U.S. 
dollars (specify the conversion rate used). 
Combine amounts from within and outside 
the United States and report the total for 
each on the financial statements. 
Purpose of Form 
Completed Form 1023 required for 
section 501(c)(3) exemption. Form 
1023 is filed by organizations to apply for 
recognition of exemption from federal 
income tax under section 501(c)(3). Upon 
approval, we will issue a determination 
letter that provides written assurance 
about the organization's tax-exempt 
status, and its qualification to receive 
tax-deductible charitable contributions. 
Every organization qualifying for 
exemption under section 501(c)(3) will 
also be classified as either a "public 
charity" or a "private foundation." 
Other organizations that may file 
Form 1023. Other organizations that 
apply for tax-exempt status under section 
501(c)(3) by filing Form 1023 Include 
section 501(e) and (f) cooperative service 
organizations, section 501(k) childcare 
organizations, and section 501(n) 
charitable risk pools. 
Obtaining Tax-Exempt 
Status 
To apply for tax-exempt status, file Form 
1023 and pay the appropriate user fee. 
Application for Reinstatement 
and Retroactive Reinstatement 
An organization must apply to have its 
tax-exempt status reinstated if it was 
automatically revoked for failure to file a 
return or notice for three consecutive 
years. The organization must: 
1. Complete and file the appropriate 
application form, 
2. Pay the appropriate user fee and 
enclose it with the application, 
3. Write 'Automatically Revoked" at 
the top of the application and mailing 
envelope, and 
4. Submit a written statement 
supporting its request if applying for 
retroactive reinstatement. 
If the application is approved, the date 
of reinstatement generally will be the 
postmark date of the application, unless 
the organization qualifies for retroactive 
reinstatement. Alternate submissions and 
standards apply for retroactive 
reinstatement back to the date of 
automatic revocation. See Rev. Proc. 
2014-11.2014-03 IR.& 411 for details. 
Expedite Requests 
We will only approve expedited 
processing of an application where a 
request is made in writing and contains a 
compelling reason for processing the 
application ahead of others. 
Circumstances generally warranting 
expedited processing include the 
following. 
• A grant to the applicant is pending and 
the failure to secure the grant may have an 
adverse impact on the organization's 
ability to continue operations. 
• The purpose of the newly created 
organization is to provide disaster relief to 
victims of emergencies such as floods and 
hurricanes. 
• There have been undue delays in 
issuing a letter caused by problems within 
the IRS. 
User Fee 
The law requires payment of a user fee 
with each application. Enclose payment 
with your application. DON'T STAPLE or 
otherwise attach your check or money 
order to your application. 
You may pay your user fee with a 
personal or certified check, bank check, or 
cashier's check. Processing your 
application will not be delayed by the form 
of payment unless your check is returned 
to us for Insufficient funds. 
Additional guidance regarding user 
fees is available in Rev. Proc. 2017-5, 
2007-1 I.R.B. 230, at WM 
core.publish.no.irs.govArb/Ddf/ 
wb201701.pdf or later revision (revised in 
the first I.R.B. issued each year). 
For additional information on the user 
fee, see Part XL User Fee Information. 
Group Exemption 
Form 1023 isn't used to apply for a group 
exemption. A group exemption is issued to 
a central organization that recognizes on a 
group basis the exemption of subordinate 
organizations on whose behalf the central 
organization has applied. See Pub. 557 for 
information on how to apply for a group 
exemption. 
Leaving a group exemption. If a 
subordinate organization in an existing 
group exemption wishes to apply for an 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812071
--- PAGE 4 ---
individual exemption, it should notify Its 
parent organization of its intention to leave 
the group ruling before filing Form 1023. 
What to File 
All applicants, unless otherwise noted, 
must complete Parts I through XI of Form 
1023, plus any required schedules and 
attachments. 
The following organizations must 
complete additional schedules to Form 
1023. 
THEN you 
IF your organization 
must file 
Is a(n) 
Schedule .. 
Church  
A 
School, College, or 
University  
Hospital or Medical 
Research 
Organization  
Section 509(a)(3) 
Supporting 
Organization  
Organization Not Filing 
Form 1023 Within 27 
Months of 
Formation  
Home for the Elderly or 
Handicapped and 
Low-Income 
Housing  
Successor to Other 
Organizations  
Organization Providing 
Scholarships, 
Fellowships, Educational 
Loans, or Other 
Educational Grants to 
Individuals and Private 
Foundations Requesting 
Approval of Individual 
Grant Procedures . 
. 
• Amendments to organizing document in 
chronological order. 
• Bylaws or other rules of operation and 
amendments. 
• Documentation of nondiscriminatory 
policy for schools, as required by 
Schedule B. 
• Form 5768. 
• All other attachments, including 
explanations, financial data, and printed 
materials or publications. 
Attachments 
Use an attachment where there is 
insufficient space on the form for you to 
legibly and accurately respond to a 
question. For any attachments submitted 
with your Form 1023: 
• Use 81/2  x 11 Inch paper, 
• Provide your name and Employer 
Identification Number (EIN) at the top of 
each page, and 
• Identify the Part and number to which 
the attachment relates. 
Include any court decisions, rulings, 
opinions, or any other documents that will 
assist us in processing your Form 1023. 
Attachments in the form of tape 
recordings or other electronic media aren't 
acceptable unless accompanied by a 
transcript. Attachments must be In 
English. 
When to File 
Generally, if you file Form 1023 within 27 
F 
months after the end of the month in which 
you were legally formed, and we approve 
G 
the application, the legal date of formation 
will be the effective date of your exempt 
status. 
H 
Assembly of Application 
Package 
To assist us in processing the application, 
documents should be submitted in the 
following order. 
• User fee enclosed but not attached to 
the application form. 
• Form 1023 Checklist. 
• Form 2848, Power of Attorney and 
Declaration of Representative (if needed). 
• Form 8821, Tax Information 
Authorization (if needed). 
• Expedite request Of needed). 
• Application Form 1023 and Schedules 
A through H (as required). 
• Organizing document. 
If you don't file Form 1023 within 27 
months of formation, the effective date of 
your exempt status will be the date you 
filed Form 1023 (submission date). The 
date considered to be the date we receive 
Form 1023 Is generally the postmark date. 
For exceptions and special rules, 
including automatic extensions, see 
Schedule E of Form 1023. 
Where To File 
Send the completed Form 1023, user fee 
payment, and all other required 
information to: 
Internal Revenue Service 
Attention: EO Determination Letters 
Stop 31 
P.O. Box 12192 
Covington, KY 41012-0192 
Private Delivery Service 
Organizations can use certain private 
delivery services (PDS) designated by the 
IRS to meet the "timely mailing as timely 
filing" rule for tax returns. Go to IRS.gov/ 
PDS for the list of PDS. 
The PDS can tell you how to get written 
proof of the mail date. If you're using PDS, 
send your application, user fee, and all 
other required information to: 
Internal Revenue Service 
Attention: EO Determination Letters 
Stop 31 
201 West Rivercenter Boulevard 
Covington, KY 41011 
Ak
Private delivery services can't 
deliver items to P.O. boxes. You 
must use the U.S. Postal Service 
to mail any items to an IRS P.O. box 
address. 
Filing Assistance 
For help in completing this form or general 
questions relating to an exempt 
organization, you may access Information 
on our website at IRS.gov/EO.
Listed below are a number of 
publications and a searchable link that 
may be helpful to your organization. 
• Pub. 517, Social Security and Other 
Information for Members of the Clergy and 
Religious Workers 
• Pub. 526, Charitable Contributions 
• Pub. 557, Tax-Exempt Status for Your 
Organization 
• Pub. 598, Tax on Unrelated Business 
Income of Exempt Organizations 
• Pub. 1771, Charitable Contributions 
Substantiation and Disclosure 
Requirements 
• Pub. 1828, Tax Guide for Churches and 
Religious Organizations 
• Pub. 3079, Gaming Publication for 
Tax-Exempt Organizations 
• Pub. 3833, Disaster Relief: Providing 
Assistance through Charitable 
Organizations 
• Pub. 4220, Applying for 501(c)(3) 
Tax-Exempt Status 
• Pub. 4221, Compliance Guide for 
501(c)(3) Tax-Exempt Organizations 
You can search organizations eligible 
to receive tax-deductible charitable 
contributions at /RS.govaPub78. 
Signature Requirements 
An officer, director, trustee, or other official 
who is authorized to sign for the 
organization must sign Form 1023 at the 
end of Part XI. The signature must be 
accompanied by the title or authority of the 
signer and the date. Please clearly print 
the accompanying information. 
Representation 
Form 2848. Attach a completed Form 
2848 if you want to authorize a 
representative to represent you regarding 
your application. An individual authorized 
by Form 2848 may not sign the application 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812072
--- PAGE 5 ---
unless that person is also an officer, 
director, trustee, or other official who is 
authorized to sign the application. 
A centralized authorization file 
(CAF) number isn't required to be 
listed on Form 2848. 
Form 8821. Form 8821 authorizes us to 
discuss your application with the person 
you have appointed. 
Form 8821 doesn't authorize your 
appointee to advocate your position with 
respect to the Federal tax laws; to execute 
waivers, consents, or closing agreements; 
or to otherwise represent you before the 
IRS. If you want to authorize an individual 
to represent you, use Form 2848. 
After You Submit Form 1023 
We will acknowledge receiving your 
application in writing. You may expect to 
receive this notice within 21 days of the 
postmark date of the Form 1023. Read the 
notice thoroughly because it will provide 
further information about the processing of 
your Form 1023. 
Generally, we assign applications in 
the order we receive them. Unless the 
application is approved for expedited 
processing, it will be worked in the order 
received. 
No additional Information needed. 
If our review shows that you qualify, we 
will send you a letter stating that you are 
exempt under section 501(c)(3) and 
whether you are a public charity or a 
private foundation. 
Additional information needed. If 
the review shows that we need additional 
information or changes, we will call or 
write you. Examples of the types of 
questions you may be asked are available 
at IRS.00v.
If the additional information indicates 
that you qualify, we will send you a letter 
stating that you are exempt under section 
501(c)(3) and whether you are a public 
charity or a private foundation. If we 
conclude that you don't qualify for 
exemption, we will send you a letter that 
explains our position and your appeal 
rights. 
Annual Filing Requirements 
If an annual information return or tax return 
is due while the Form 1023 is pending, 
complete the return, mark "Application 
Pending" in the heading, and send the 
return to the address indicated in these 
instructions. 
Information on return filing 
requirements and exceptions may be 
found in Pubs. 557 and 598 and in the 
instructions to the annual returns listed in 
Figure 1. 
Figure 1.990 Series Forms filed by Exempt Organizations 
Type of Annual Return 
Who Should Flle 
Form 990, Retum of Organization 
Exempt from Income Tax 
Section 501(c)(3) public charities 
Form 990-EZ, Short Form Return of 
Organization Exempt from Income Tax 
Section 501(c)(3) public charities whose 
gross receipts during the year were less 
than $200,000 and total assets at the 
end of the year were less than $500,000 
Schedule A (Form 990 or 990-EZ), 
Organization Exempt under Section 
501(c)(3) 
Section 501(c)(3) public charities 
Schedule B (Form 990, 990-EZ, or 
990-PF), Schedule of Contributors 
All section 501(c)(3) organizations 
Form 990-PF, Return of Private 
Foundation 
Private foundations, including private 
operating foundations 
Form 990-7, Exempt Organization 
Business Income Tax Return 
Public charities and private foundations 
that have gross unrelated business 
income of $1,000 or more 
Form 990-N Electronic Notice 
(e-Postcard) for Tax-Exempt 
Organizations Not Required to File Form 
990 or Form 990-EZ 
Tax-exempt organizations that don't file 
Form 990 or Form 990-EZ can file Form 
990-N. Most small tax-exempt 
organizations with gross receipts of 
$50,000 or less can file a Form 990-N. 
You may also be required to file 
Information not available for public 
other returns, such as 
Inspection. The following items will not 
employment tax returns or benefit 
be open for public inspection. 
plan returns, which aren't discussed here. 
• Any information relating to a trade 
secret, patent, style of work, or apparatus 
that, if released, would adversely affect 
you. (We must approve withholding this 
information.) 
• Any other information that would 
adversely affect national defense. (We 
must approve withholding this 
information.) 
• User fee check. 
• Information only applications from the 
United States Virgin Islands, Bureau of 
Internal Revenue (BIR), and related 
supporting documents. 
• Contributors' names and addresses 
and identifying information about 
contributors included with Forms 990 or 
990-EZ and the Schedule B filed with 
these forms. 
• Form 990-T, Exempt Organization 
Business Income Tax Return. 
When applying for tax-exempt status, 
you must clearly identify any information 
that isn't open for public inspection by 
separately marking it as "NOT SUBJECT 
TO PUBLIC INSPECTION" and attaching 
an explanation of why you are asking for 
the information to be withheld. We will 
decide whether to withhold the identified 
information from public inspection. 
Public Inspection 
Information available for public In-
spection. If we approve exempt status 
under section 501(c)(3), the following 
information will be open for public 
inspection. 
• Your complete Form 1023 and any 
supporting documents. 
• All correspondence between you and 
the IRS concerning Form 1023, including 
Form 2848. 
• The letter we issue approving your 
exemption. 
• Annual information returns (Forms 990, 
990-EZ, or 990-PF). 
• Schedule A, included with Forms 990 or 
990-EZ. 
• Schedule B, included with Forms 990 or 
990-EZ, except the names and addresses 
of contributors and other identifying 
information about contributors. 
• Schedule B, included with Form 
990-PF, including names, addresses and 
other identifying information about 
contributors. 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812073
--- PAGE 6 ---
Making documents available for public 
Inspection. Both you and the IRS must 
make the information that is subject to 
disclosure available for public inspection. 
The public may contact us toll-free at 
877-829-5500 to request public inspection 
or copies of the information. The public 
may also request inspection of the 
information or a copy of the information 
directly from you. 
An exempt organization may post the 
documents required to be available for 
public inspection on its own website. The 
information return and exemption 
application materials must be posted 
exactly as filed with the IRS. Only the 
information that isn't open for public 
inspection may be deleted. 
If an exempt organization posts the 
documents on its website, it must provide 
notice of the website address where the 
documents may be found, but it need not 
provide copies of the information. 
However, documents posted on an 
organization's website must still be made 
available for public inspection without 
charge at its main office during regular 
business hours. 
Documents aren't considered available 
for public inspection on a website if the 
otherwise disclosable information is edited 
or subject to editing by a third party when 
posted. To date, the IRS hasn't approved 
any third party websites for posting. 
See Pub. 557 for additional guidance 
on public inspection. 
Foreign Organizations in 
General 
Foreign organizations are those that were 
created in countries other than the United 
States, its territories, or its possessions. 
Foreign organizations may apply for 
tax-exempt status on income earned in the 
United States in the same way that 
domestic organizations apply for exempt 
status. See Language and currency 
requirements, above. 
A foreign organization applying for 
exempt status should complete all 
required parts of Form 1023. There are, 
however, special rules below for some 
Canadian organizations. 
Contributions by U.S. residents to 
foreign organizations generally 
aren't deductible. Tax treaties 
between the U.S. and certain foreign 
countries provide specific limited 
exceptions. 
Annual returns for foreign organiza-
tions. A foreign organization that obtains 
exemption as a public charity must file an 
information retum annually (Form 990 or 
Form 990-EZ). A foreign organization that 
is a private foundation must file Form 
990-PF annually. However, a foreign 
organization, other than a private 
foundation, may be relieved from filing 
Form 990 or Form 990-EZ in any year in 
which it has gross receipts from U.S. 
source income of $50,000 or less and 
hasn't conducted significant activity in the 
United States. See the Instructions for 
Form 990 and Form 990-EZ, and the 
Instructions for Form 990-PF for further 
information. A foreign organization that is 
subject to unrelated business income tax 
must file Form 990-T. 
Canadian Organizations 
Canadian organizations that have 
received a Notification of Registration from 
the Canada Customs and Revenue 
Agency (formerly, Revenue Canada), and 
whose registrations haven't been revoked 
("Canadian registered charities"), are 
automatically recognized as section 
501(c)(3) organizations and aren't 
required to file Form 1023. Canadian 
registered charities are also presumed to 
be private foundations. A Canadian 
registered charity may complete certain 
portions of the Form 1023 in order to be 
listed as a section 501(c)(3) organization 
on the IRS website at 1RS.00v/Pub78 or 
to request classification as a public 
charity, rather than a private foundation. A 
Canadian registered charity should only 
complete and submit the following 
documents. 
• Copy of its Notification of Registration. 
• Part I of Form 1023. 
• Part X of Form 1023 (if requesting 
public charity classification). 
• Signature in Part XI of Form 1023. 
• Form 8833, Treaty-Based Return 
Position Disclosure Under Section 6114 or 
7701(b). 
Organizations Created in 
United States Territories and 
Possessions 
Organizations created in possessions and 
territories of the United States are 
generally treated as domestic 
organizations. These organizations 
complete all required pans of Form 1023 
to apply for exempt status under section 
501(c)(3). Special rules, discussed below, 
apply to some Virgin Islands 
organizations. 
Charitable contributions to 
organizations created in United States 
possessions and territories are deductible 
by the donors if the organization qualifies 
for exempt status under section 501(c)(3). 
Virgin Islands Organizations 
The United States Virgin Islands, Bureau 
of Internal Revenue (BIR) may request an 
information only letter concerning the 
exempt status under section 501(c)(3) of 
an organization formed in the Virgin 
Islands. The organization itself doesn't 
seek U.S. recognition of exempt status. 
The information only procedure requires 
the BIR to complete Form 1023 and 
supporting documents for the 
organization, but doesn't require a user 
fee payment. The application and 
supporting documents aren't open for 
public inspection (see Public Inspection, 
above for more information). 
All other Virgin Islands organizations 
that seek U.S. recognition of exempt 
status under section 501(c)(3) must follow 
the normal application process. 
Specific Instructions 
Part I. Identification of 
Applicant 
Line 1. Full name of organization. 
Enter your complete name exactly as it 
appears in your organizing document, 
including amendments. 
Line 2. do Name. If you have an "in care 
of name, enter it here. 
Line 3. Mailing address. Enter your 
complete address where all 
correspondence will be sent. If mail isn't 
delivered to the street address and you 
have a P.O. Box, show the box number 
instead of the street address. 
For a foreign address, enter the 
information in the following order: city, 
province or state, and country. Follow the 
country's practice in placing the postal 
code in the address. Don't abbreviate the 
country name. 
Line 4. Employer Identification Num-
ber (EIN). All organizations must have an 
EIN. Enter the nine-digit EIN the IRS 
assigned to the organization. If the 
organization doesn't have an EIN, it must 
apply for one. An EIN can be applied for 
by visiting the IRS website at 1RS.gov/EIN.
The organization may also apply for an 
EIN by faxing or mailing Form SS-4 to the 
IRS. The Form SS-4 and its separate 
instructions can be downloaded from 
IRS.gov. Organizations outside the United 
States or U.S. possessions may also 
apply for an EIN by calling 267-941-1099 
(toll call). Don't apply for an EIN more than 
once. 
If the organization has more than one 
EIN and hasn't been advised which to use, 
notify the: 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service Center 
Ogden, UT 84201.0027 
State what EINs the organization has, 
the name and address to which each 
number was assigned, and the address of 
the organization's principal office. The IRS 
will advise the organization which number 
to use. 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812074
--- PAGE 7 ---
Line 5. Month the annual accounting 
period ends (01-12). Enter the month 
that your annual accounting period ends, 
using a two-digit number format. For 
example, if your annual accounting period 
ends in December, enter "12." Your 
annual accounting period is the 12-month 
period on which your annual financial 
records are based. Your first tax year 
could be less than 12 months. 
Check your bylaws or other rules of 
operation for consistency with the annual 
accounting period entered in line 5. 
Line 6a. Primary contact. Your primary 
contact person may be an officer, director, 
trustee, or other individual who is 
permitted to speak with us according to 
your bylaws or other rules of operation. 
Your primary contact person may also be 
an "authorized representative," such as an 
attorney or certified public accountant for 
whom you have submitted a completed 
Form 2848 with the Form 1023. 
Line 7. If you wish to be represented by 
an authorized representative, a completed 
Form 2848 must be attached to the Form 
1023. 
Line 8. Provide information about 
persons, other than your officers, 
directors, trustees, employees, or 
authorized representative(s), whom you 
paid, or promised to pay, to assist you in 
establishing your organization, developing 
programs to solicit funds, or otherwise 
advising you about organizational, 
financial, or tax matters. 
For example, provide information about 
a paid consultant who advised you about 
obtaining tax exemption. 
Line 9a. Organization's website. Enter 
your complete website address if you 
have one. Also, list any websites 
maintained on your behalf. The 
information on your website should be 
consistent with the information in your 
Form 1023. 
Line 9b. Email (optional). Enter your 
email address to receive educational 
information from us in the future. Because 
of security concerns, we can't send or 
respond to confidential information via 
email. 
Line 10. Certain organizations aren't 
required to file an information return (Form 
990 or Form 990-EZ) or notice (Form 
990-N). Generally, organizations not 
required to file Form 990, or Form 990-EZ, 
or Form 990-N include churches, certain 
church affiliated organizations, and certain 
affiliates of a governmental unit. Note that 
organizations that are exempt from filing 
Form 990 or Form 990-EZ because of 
gross receipts are generally required to 
submit Form 990-N if they choose not to 
file Form 990 or Form 990-EZ. For more 
information, see the Instructions for Form 
990 and Form 990-EZ. See IRS.gov for 
more information. 
Private foundations must file Form 
990-PF regardless of the amount 
of their gross receipts. 
Line 11. List the date you were legally 
created by month, day, and year (for 
example, 02/01/2018). The date should be 
consistent with your organizing document 
described in Part II. 
Line 12. For purposes of completing this 
application, you are formed under the laws 
of a foreign country if you aren't formed 
under the laws of the United States, its 
territories and possessions; federally 
recognized Indian tribal or Alaska Native 
governments; or the District of Columbia. 
Part II. Organizational 
Structure 
Only trusts, unincorporated associations, 
or corporations (including limited liability 
companies) are eligible for tax-exempt 
status under section 501(c)(3). Sole 
proprietorships, partnerships, or loosely 
affiliated groups of individuals aren't 
eligible. 
To qualify for tax-exempt status, you 
must check "Yes" on either line 1,2,3, or 
and submit a copy of your organizing 
document. 
Line 1. A "corporation" is an entity 
organized under a Federal or state statute, 
or a statute of a federally recognized 
Indian tribal or Alaskan native 
government. A corporation's organizing 
document is its "articles of incorporation." 
Certification of filing. If formed under 
state statute, your articles of incorporation 
must show certification of filing. This 
means your articles show evidence that on 
a specific date they were filed with and 
approved by an appropriate state 
authority. The document must be an exact 
copy of what is on file with your state. 
Substitute Articles of Incorporation. 
If you don't have a copy of your articles of 
incorporation showing evidence of having 
been filed and approved by an appropriate 
state official, you may submit a substitute 
copy of your articles of incorporation. This 
substitute copy may be handwritten, 
typed, printed, or otherwise reproduced. It 
must be accompanied by a declaration, 
signed by an officer authorized to sign for 
you, that it is a complete and correct copy 
of the articles of incorporation and that it 
contains all the powers, principles, 
purposes, functions, and other provisions 
by which you currently govern yourself. 
Line 2. A "limited liability company" (LLC) 
that files its own exemption application is 
treated as a corporation rather than a 
partnership. Instead of articles of 
incorporation, an LLC's organizing 
document is its state-approved "articles of 
organization." If it has adopted an 
"operating agreement," then this 
document is also part of its organizing 
document. 
An LLC shouldn't file an exemption 
application if it wants to be treated as a 
disregarded entity by its tax-exempt 
member. 
Line 3. An "unincorporated association" 
formed under state law must have at least 
two members who have signed a written 
document for a specifically defined 
purpose. 
The articles of organization of an 
unincorporated association must include 
the name of your organization, your 
purpose, the date the document was 
adopted, and the signatures of at least two 
individuals. If your copy doesn't contain 
the proper signatures and date of 
adoption, you may submit a written 
declaration that states your copy is a 
complete and accurate copy of the signed 
and dated original. Your declaration 
should clearly indicate the original date of 
adoption. 
Bylaws may be considered an 
organizing document only if they 
are property structured (includes 
name, purpose, signatures, and intent to 
form an organization). 
Line 4a. A trust may be formed by a trust 
agreement or declaration of trust. A trust 
may also be formed through a will. 
If your trust agreement copy doesn't 
contain the proper signatures, you may 
submit a written declaration that states 
your copy is a complete and accurate 
copy of the signed and dated original. 
Your declaration should clearly indicate 
the original date that it was signed. 
Trust created by a will. For trusts 
created by a will, include a copy of the 
death certificate or a statement indicating 
the date of death, and a copy of the 
relevant portions of the will. 
Trust agreement and non-charitable 
interests. If your trust agreement 
provided for distributions for 
non-charitable interests, indicate the date 
on which these interests expired. If your 
trust agreement continues to provide for 
these interests, you will not qualify for 
tax-exempt status. 
Line 4b. Generally, a trust must be 
funded with property, such as money, real 
estate, or personal property to be legally 
created. 
Line 5. "Bylaws" are generally the internal 
rules and regulations of an organization. If 
you have bylaws, you should submit a 
current copy. 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812075
--- PAGE 8 ---
Bylaws don't need to be signed unless 
they are the organizing document as 
described in line 3 above. 
Part III. Required 
Provisions in Your 
Organizing Document 
Line 1. Purpose clause. Your organizing 
document must limit your purposes to 
those described in section 501(c)(3). 
Those purposes are: charitable, religious, 
educational, scientific, literary, testing for 
public safety, fostering national or 
international amateur sports competition, 
and preventing cruelty to children or 
animals. 
The generally accepted legal definition 
of "charitable" includes relief of the poor, 
the distressed, or the underprivileged; 
advancement of religion; advancement of 
education or science; erecting or 
maintaining public buildings, monuments, 
or works; lessening the burdens of 
government; lessening neighborhood 
tensions; eliminating prejudice and 
discrimination; defending human and civil 
rights secured by law; and combating 
community deterioration and juvenile 
delinquency. Therefore, the phrase "relief 
of the poor in your organizing document 
properly limits your purposes. 
If your purposes are limited in some 
way by referring to section 501(c)(3), your 
organizing document also properly limits 
your purposes. For example, the phrase 
"relief of the elderly within the meaning of 
section 501(c)(3)" in your organizing 
document also properly limits your 
purposes. 
However, if the purposes listed in your 
organizing document are broader than 
those listed In section 501(c)(3), you 
should amend your organizing document 
before applying. A reference to section 
501(c)(3) will not ensure that your 
purposes are limited to those described in 
section 501(c)(3). All of the language in 
your organizing document must be 
considered. The following Is an example 
of an acceptable purpose clause: 
The organization is organized 
exclusively for charitable, 
religious, educational, and 
scientific purposes under 
section 501(O(3) of the Internal 
Revenue Code, or 
corresponding section of any 
future federal tax code. 
See Pub. 557 for further information 
and examples of how to limit your 
purposes. 
Any amendment to your articles of 
organization you submit should show 
evidence that it was signed, dated, and 
certified as described in Part II. 
Line 2a. Dissolution clause. Your 
organizing document must permanently 
dedicate your assets for a section 501(c) 
(3) purpose. This means that If you 
dissolve your organization In the future, 
your assets must be distributed for an 
exempt purpose described in section 
501(c)(3), or to the federal government, or 
to a state or local government for a public 
purpose. 
If your organizing document states that 
your assets would be distributed to 
members or private Individuals or for any 
purpose other than those provided in 
section 501(c)(3), you must amend your 
organizing document to remove such 
statements. 
If multiple amendments are required, 
they may be done at the same time. For 
example, if you are a corporation and are 
required to amend both your purpose and 
dissolution clauses, you may file a single 
amending document with your appropriate 
government authority. 
The following is an example of an 
acceptable dissolution clause: 
Upon the dissolution of this 
organization, assets shall be 
distributed for one or more 
exempt purposes within the 
meaning of section 501(c)(3) of 
the Internal Revenue Code, or 
corresponding section of any 
future federal tax code, or shall 
be distributed to the federal 
government, or to a state or 
local govemment, fora public 
purpose. 
Naming a specific organization to 
receive your assets upon dissolution will 
only be acceptable if your articles state 
that the specific organization must be 
exempt under section 501(c)(3) at the time 
your dissolution takes place and your 
articles provide for an acceptable 
alternative if the specific organization isn't 
exempt. See Pub. 557 for further 
information and examples of acceptable 
language for dedication of assets in your 
organizing document. 
Line 2c. Operation of state law. A 
501(c)(3) organization must permanently 
dedicate its assets to an exempt purpose 
described in section 501(c)(3), or to the 
federal government or to a state or local 
government for a public purpose. In 
certain states, reliance may be placed 
upon state law to establish the permanent 
dedication of assets for exempt purposes. 
This is based on Rev. Proc. 82-2, 1982-1 
C.B. 367. For additional information, 
search 'Operation of state law" at IRS.gov. 
Foreign organizations. Foreign 
organizations may be able to rely upon the 
applicable laws of their jurisdiction in a 
similar manner. You must provide a copy 
of the applicable law with an English 
translation. 
Part IV. Narrative 
Description of Your 
Activities 
Describe completely and in detail your 
past, present, and planned activities. Don't 
refer to or repeat the purposes in your 
organizing document. You may refer to 
other parts of the application rather than 
repeat information provided elsewhere. 
For each past, present, or planned 
activity, include information that answers 
the following questions. 
• What is the activity? 
• Who conducts the activity? 
• When Is the activity conducted? 
• Where Is the activity conducted (for 
example: Los Angeles and San Francisco, 
California)? 
• How does the activity further your 
exempt purposes? 
• What percentage of your total time is 
allocated to the activity? 
• How is the activity funded? (This should 
agree with the financial data In Part IX.) 
• List any alternate names under which 
you operate, including any "aka" (also 
known as) or "dba" (doing business as) 
names. 
If you have a website, you may attach a 
paper copy to support your narrative 
description of activities. 
Part V. Compensation and 
Other Financial 
Arrangements With Your 
Officers, Directors, 
Trustees, Employees, and 
Independent Contractors 
Compensation. For purposes of Part V, 
compensation includes, 
• Salary or wages; 
• Deferred compensation; 
• Retirement benefits, whether in the 
form of a qualified or non-qualified 
employee plan (pensions or annuities); 
• Fringe benefits (personal vehicle, 
meals, lodging, personal and family 
educational benefits, low interest loans, 
payment of personal travel, entertainment, 
or other expenses, athletic or country club 
membership, and personal use of your 
property); and bonuses. 
Example. Assume an organization 
compensates Its director as follows. 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812076
--- PAGE 9 ---
Wages 
Director Compensation 
Salary as Chief Executive 
Officer 
Deferred retirement 
Health insurance policy 
Use of a vehicle 
Total Compensation 
$ 2,500 
40,000 
2.000 
5,000 
5,000 
$ 54,500 
Information in Pan V must be consistent 
with the information provided in Part IX. 
Financial Data. 
Line la. For each person listed, state 
their total annual compensation, or 
proposed compensation, for all services to 
the organization, whether as an officer, 
employee, or other position. Use actual 
figures, if available. Officers, directors, 
and trustees may use the organization's 
address for mailing. 
Line lb. Employees may use the 
organization's address for mailing. Report 
total compensation. For employees who 
are also officers, directors, or trustees, 
their compensation as employees and for 
all other services should be reported in 
line la. 
Line lc. "Independent contractors' are 
persons who aren't treated as employees 
for employment tax purposes. For 
information on determining if an individual 
is an employee or an independent 
contractor, see Pub. 15-A, Employer's 
Supplemental Tax Guide. 
Line 2a. Describe family or business 
relationships between your officers, 
directors, or trustees. "Related" refers to 
both family and business relationships. 
"Family relationships" include the 
individual's spouse, ancestors, children, 
grandchildren, great-grandchildren, 
siblings (whether by whole or half blood), 
and the spouses of children, 
grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and 
siblings. 
"Business relationships" include 
employment and contractual relationships, 
and common ownership of a business 
where any officers, directors, or trustees, 
individually or together, possess more 
than a 35% ownership interest in common. 
"Ownership" means voting power in a 
corporation, profits interest in a 
partnership, or beneficial interest in a trust. 
Line 2b. Describe family or business 
relationships between you and any of your 
officers, directors, or trustees other than 
their position with you as an officer, 
director, or trustee. 
Line 2c. Describe family or business 
relationships between your officers, 
directors, or trustees and your five highest 
compensated employees or five highest 
compensated independent contractors 
who will receive more than $100,000 in 
taxable or non-taxable compensation per 
year. 
Line 3b. "Common control" means that 
you and one or more other organizations 
have (1) a majority of your governing 
boards or officers appointed or elected by 
the same organization(s), or (2) a majority 
of your governing boards or officers 
consist of the same individuals. Common 
control also occurs when you and one or 
more commonly controlled organizations 
have a majority ownership interest in a 
corporation, partnership, or trust. See the 
instructions for line 2a, above, for a 
definition of ownership. 
Line 4. By adopting these recommended 
compensation-setting practices, such as 
by resolution of your governing board, you 
will be establishing procedures aimed at 
helping to prevent your top officials from 
receiving excess compensation benefits. 
Line 4e. "Similarly situated organizations" 
means tax-exempt or taxable 
organizations of a comparable size, 
purpose, and resources. Adjustments due 
to geographic area, and other specific 
conditions are appropriate, but should be 
documented. The source(s) of 
comparable compensation data, both 
taxable and non-taxable, should be 
documented and copies retained in your 
permanent records. 
Line 4g. "Reasonable compensation" is 
the amount that would ordinarily be paid 
for like services by like organizations 
under like circumstances as of the date 
the compensation arrangement is made. 
Establishing and documenting reasonable 
compensation is important because 
excessive compensation may result in 
excise taxes on both the individual and the 
organization. In addition, this may 
jeopardize the organization's tax 
exemption. 
Line 5a. Astonffict of interest" arises 
when a person in a position of authority 
over an organization, such as a director, 
officer, or manager, may benefit 
personally from a decision he or she could 
make. A Sample Conflict of Interest Policy 
is included as Appendix A. This sample 
conflict of interest policy doesn't prescribe 
any specific requirements. Therefore, 
organizations should use a conflict of 
interest policy that best fits their 
organization. 
Adoption of a conflict of interest policy 
isn't required to obtain tax-exempt status. 
However, by adopting the sample policy or 
a similar policy, you will be choosing to put 
in place procedures that will help you 
avoid the possibility that those in positions 
of authority over you may receive an 
inappropriate benefit. 
Line 6a. Affixed payment" means a 
payment that is either a set dollar amount 
or fixed through a specific formula where 
the amount doesn't depend on discretion. 
For example, a base salary of $200,000 
that is adjusted annually based on the 
increase in the Consumer Price Index is a 
fixed payment. 
A -non-fixed payment" means a 
payment that depends on discretion. For 
example, a bonus of up to $100,000 that is 
based on an evaluation of performance by 
the governing board is a non-fixed 
payment because the governing body has 
discretion over whether the bonus is paid 
and the amount of the bonus. 
Line 7a. Don't include purchases of 
goods and services in your normal course 
of operations that are available to the 
general public under similar terms and 
conditions. 
Arm's length. An arm's length 
standard exists where the parties have an 
adverse (or opposing) interest. For 
example, a seller wants to sell his goods 
at the highest possible price, while a buyer 
wants to buy at the lowest possible price. 
These are adverse interests. 
In negotiating with a person, an 
adverse interest is assumed if that person 
is otherwise unrelated to you in the sense 
of not being in a position to exercise 
substantial influence over you or your 
affairs. If the person is in a position to 
exercise substantial influence over your 
affairs, then an arm's length standard 
requires additional precautions to 
eliminate the effect of the relationship. 
Using a conflict of interest policy, 
information about comparable 
transactions between unrelated parties, 
and reliable methods for evaluating the 
transaction, are examples of precautions 
that would help make the negotiation 
process equivalent to one between 
unrelated persons. 
Fair market value. This is the price at 
which property or the right to use property 
would change hands between a willing 
buyer and a willing seller, neither being 
under any compulsion to buy, sell, or 
transfer property or the right to use 
property, and both having reasonable 
knowledge of relevant facts. 
Line 7b. Don't include sales of goods and 
services in your normal course of 
operations that are available to the 
general public under similar terms and 
conditions. 
Line 9a. Answer "Yes" if any of your 
officers, directors, or trustees: 
• Is an officer, director, or trustee in 
another organization (other than a section 
501(c)(3) organization) that has a lease, 
contract, loan, or other agreement with 
you, or 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812077
--- PAGE 10 ---
• Possess more than a 35% ownership 
interest in any organization that has a 
lease, contract, loan, or other agreement 
with you. For example, you would answer 
-Yes" if one of your directors were an 
officer for a section 501(c)(4) organization 
with whom you had a lease for office 
space. You would also answer "Yes" if one 
of your directors owns more than 35% of 
the voting stock of a corporation to which 
you made a loan. 
Part VI. Your Members and 
Other Individuals and 
Organizations That 
Receive Benefits From 
You 
Line la. Benefits to individuals. 
Describe any programs where you provide 
goods, services, or funds to individuals. 
For example, describe programs by which 
you provide food to the homeless, 
employment counseling to senior citizens, 
or grants to victims of a disaster. 
Line lb. Benefits to organizations. 
Describe any programs where you provide 
goods, services, or funds to organizations. 
For example, programs where you provide 
equipment, accounting assistance, or 
grants to other organizations. 
Line 2. For programs that are available 
only for members, include a sample 
membership application and a schedule of 
membership dues. Also, describe any 
different membership levels and the 
benefits each membership level receives. 
Line 3. Describe any business or family 
relationship between Individuals who 
receive goods, services, or funds through 
your programs with any officer, director, 
trustee, or with any of the five-highest 
compensated employees or independent 
contractors listed In Part V, line 1 a, lb, or 
lc. 
Part VII. Your History 
Line 1. You are a "successor" if you 
have: 
• Substantially taken over all of the 
assets or activities of another 
organization, 
• Been converted or merged from 
another organization, or 
• Installed the same officers, directors, or 
trustees as another organization that no 
longer exists and that had purpose(s) 
similar to your purpose(s). 
The predecessor organization 
may be or may not have been a 
tax-exempt or non-exempt 
organization. 
Part VIII. Your Specific 
Activities 
Line 1. You participate in a political 
campaign if you promote or oppose the 
candidacy of an individual for public office. 
Your explanation should Include 
representative copies of your political 
literature, brochures, pamphlets, etc. 
Candidate debates and nonpartisan voter 
education are permitted. 
Organizations described in 
section 501(c)(3) are prohibited 
from supporting or opposing 
candidates for public office in any political 
campaign. If you answer -Yes," you aren't 
qualified for tax exemption under section 
501(c)(3) and should reconsider whether 
the filing of application Form 1023 is 
appropriate for your organization. See 
Pub. 557 for a description of other Internal 
Revenue Code sections under which you 
may qualify. 
Line 2a. You are attempting to Influence 
legislation" if you directly contact or urge 
the public to contact members of a 
legislative body for the purpose of 
proposing, supporting, or opposing 
legislation. You are also attempting to 
influence legislation if you advocate the 
adoption or rejection of legislation. If you 
answer "Yes," your explanation should 
include the percentage of your total time 
and total funds spent on such legislative 
activities. Also, submit representative 
copies of your legislative literature, 
brochures, pamphlets, etc. 
Organizations described in section 
501(c)(3) are prohibited from engaging in 
a substantial amount of legislative 
activities. Whether you are engaged in 
substantial legislative activities depends 
on all of the facts and circumstances. 
Line 2b. By filing Form 5768 your 
legislative activities will be measured 
solely by expenditure limits under section 
501(h) rather than by whether legislative 
activity is considered substantial. Form 
5768 describes the types of organizations 
that are eligible to make an election. For a 
discussion of the requirements of section 
501(h), see Pub. 557. If you are an 
organization that elects to use expenditure 
limits In Influencing legislation: 
• Attach a copy of Form 5768 that has 
already been separately filed with us, or 
• Provide a completed Form 5768 with 
your exemption application. 
Churches and private foundations 
aren't eligible to make this 
election. 
Line 3a. For purposes of this application, 
"bingo" is a game of chance played with 
cards that are generally printed with 5 
rows of 5 squares each on which 
participants place markers to form a 
preselected pattern to win the game. 
Other gaming activities include pull-tabs, 
raffles, keno, split-the-pot, and other 
games of chance. 
Describe these activities, including how 
often your bingo or other gaming activities 
are conducted, where they are conducted, 
and who conducts them. Also describe 
whether your workers are compensated. If 
workers are compensated, describe who 
receives compensation and how the 
amount is determined. 
Revenue associated with these 
activities means gross revenue amounts. 
Expenses associated with these 
activities means direct and indirect 
expenses. The dollar value of prizes 
should be included in expenses. 
Gaming may be subject to 
unrelated business income tax. 
See Pub. 3079 for further 
information about gaming. 
Line 3c. Local jurisdictions include cities, 
counties, towns, municipalities, and 
similar government jurisdictions within a 
state. A local jurisdiction also includes an 
Indian Reservation. 
Line 4a. "Fundraising" includes efforts to 
raise funds through appeals for financial 
support. Fundraising may be conducted 
by your employees or volunteers, through 
an agent, or through an independent 
contractor. If you answer "Yes," check all 
the boxes that apply and complete lines 
4b through 4e. 
Line 4d. Local jurisdictions include cities, 
counties, towns, municipalities, and 
similar government jurisdictions within a 
state. A local jurisdiction also Includes an 
Indian Reservation. 
Line 4e. This is intended to obtain 
information from you regarding 
donor-advised funds that you may 
maintain. A "donor-advised fund" is 
maintained if you establish separate 
accounts for a donor whereby the donor 
may exercise a right to make a 
recommendation on either uses of the 
account, such as providing advice about 
how to invest, or distributions from the 
account, such as providing advice about 
how to make expenditures. 
Line 5. You are "affiliated" with a 
governmental unit if you were created by, 
controlled by, or closely related to a 
governmental unit. Identify each 
governmental unit and describe your 
relationship with It. Include details of any 
financial reports or audits required by the 
governmental unit. Also, describe any 
power or authority given to you by the 
governmental unit. 
For purposes of this question, a 
"governmental unit" Includes a State, a 
possession of the United States, or any 
-10- 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812078
--- PAGE 11 ---
political subdivision of a State or a 
possession of the United States, or the 
United States, or the District of Columbia. 
A governmental unit would generally 
not qualify for exemption under section 
501(c)(3). Also, if you can exercise certain 
sovereign powers, such as the power to 
tax or police powers, you would generally 
not qualify for exemption under section 
501(c)(3). 
Line 6a. 'Economic development" 
organizations are generally formed to 
combat community deterioration by 
assisting businesses located in a 
particular geographic area whose 
economy is economically depressed or 
deteriorating. Their varieties of activities 
include grants, loans, provision of 
information and expertise, or creation of 
industrial parks. Economic development 
organizations may also be formed to 
eliminate prejudice and discrimination or 
lessen the burdens of government through 
involvement with business development. 
If your exempt purpose is to combat 
community deterioration, describe 
whether the area or areas in which you will 
operate have been declared blighted or 
economically depressed by a government 
finding. If the area hasn't been declared 
blighted or economically depressed, a 
more suitable exemption may be under 
sections 501(c)(4) or 501(c)(6). See Pub. 
557 for more information. 
If your exempt purpose is to eliminate 
prejudice and discrimination, describe 
how your activities further this purpose. 
If your exempt purpose is to lessen the 
burdens of government, describe whether 
the government has recognized your 
activities as those for which it would 
otherwise be responsible, and any 
involvement you have with governmental 
entities that demonstrates that you are 
actually lessening governmental burdens. 
Line 7a. 'Develop" means the planning, 
financing, construction, or provision of 
similar services involved in the acquisition 
of real property, such as land or a building. 
For example, you should provide 
information regarding the services of a 
consultant who puts together an 
arrangement for you to acquire a nursing 
home through the issuance of tax-exempt 
bonds. 
Line 7b. "Manage" means to direct or 
administer. For example, you would 
provide information about an organization 
hired to administer a museum gift shop. 
See the instructions for Part V, line 2a, for 
a description of the term business or 
family relationships. 
Line 7c. See the instructions for Part V, 
line 2a, for a description of the term 
business or family relationships. See the 
instructions for Part V, line 7a, for a 
description of the term arm's length. 
Line 8. A "joint venture" is a legal 
agreement in which the persons jointly 
undertake a transaction for mutual profit. 
Generally, each person contributes assets 
and shares risks. Like a partnership, joint 
ventures can involve any type of business 
transaction and the persons involved can 
be individuals, groups of individuals, 
companies, or corporations. 
Una 9a. Childcare services provide care 
for children away from their homes. An 
organization providing childcare services 
may qualify for tax-exempt status as either 
a school under section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii) or 
childcare organization under section 
501(k). Refer to the instructions for Part 
VIII, line 19, to determine if you qualify as 
a school. 
A childcare organization qualifies under 
section 501(k) if it provides care for 
children away from their homes, 
substantially all of the childcare enables 
individuals to be gainfully employed, and 
the services provided by the organization 
are available to the general public. 
Una 9b. "Gainfully employed' includes 
enabling individuals to work or to seek 
work. 
Line 9c. Section 501(k) states that to 
qualify as a childcare organization, 
substantially all of the care you provide 
should be to permit individuals to be 
gainfully employed. If less than 85% of 
your services are for children of working 
parents or caretakers: 
• Describe the percentage of the children 
for whom you provide services to permit 
parents or caretakers to work, and 
• Describe any efforts you are taking to 
increase the percentage of the children for 
whom you provide services to permit 
parents or caretakers to work. 
Line 9d. Describe any eligibility 
requirements, such as employment with a 
particular employer. 
Line 10. Intellectual property" includes 
the following. 
• Patents (for inventions). 
• Copyrights (for literary and artistic 
works such as novels, poems, plays, films, 
musical works, drawings, paintings, 
photographs, sculptures, architectural 
designs, performances, recordings, film, 
and radio or television programs). 
• Trade names, trade marks, and service 
marks (for symbols, names, images, and 
designs). 
• Formulas, know-how, and trade 
secrets. 
Una 12a. A "foreign country" is a country 
other than the United States, its territories 
and possessions, and the District of 
Columbia. 
Una 13d. A "relationship" between you 
and the recipient organization includes the 
following situations. 
• You control the recipient organization or 
it controls you through common officers, 
directors, or trustees, or through authority 
to approve budgets or expenditures. 
• You and the recipient organization were 
created at approximately the same time 
and by the same persons. 
• You and the recipient organization 
operate in a coordinated manner with 
respect to facilities, programs, employees, 
or other activities. 
• Persons who exercise substantial 
influence over you also exercise 
substantial influence over the other 
organization. 
Una 14a. Answer "Yes" if you make 
grants, loans, or other distributions (such 
as goods) to a foreign organization. For 
purposes of completing this application, a 
domestic organization is one that is 
formed under the laws of the United 
States, its territories and possessions, 
federally recognized Indian Tribal and 
Alaska Native governments (including 
political subdivisions), or the District of 
Columbia. A "foreign organization" is one 
that isn't a domestic organization. 
A list of federally recognized Indian 
tribes is provided in Federal Register Doc. 
2016.01769 at htica:// 
wmv.federalreoistergovidocuments/2017/ 
01/17/2017-00912/Indian-entities-
recognized-and-eligible-to-receive-
services-lrom-the-untted-states-bureau-
cd-indian. A list of entities that are treated 
as political subdivisions of Indian tribal 
governments is provided in Rev. Proc. 
86-17, 1986.1 C.B. 550 and Rev. Proc. 
84-36, 1984-1 C.B. 510. 
Una 15. A "close connection" between 
you and another organization includes the 
following situations. 
• You control the organization or it 
controls you through common officers, 
directors, or trustees; or through authority 
to approve budgets or expenditures. 
• You and the organization were created 
at approximately the same time and by the 
same persons. For example, you were 
formed within months of the time that a 
social welfare organization and a political 
action committee were established by the 
same persons who were instrumental in 
your formation. 
• You and the organization operate in a 
coordinated manner with respect to 
facilities, programs, employees, or other 
activities. For example, you share rental 
expenses for office space and employees 
with a for-profit corporation. 
• Persons who exercise substantial 
influence over you also exercise 
substantial influence over the other 
organization and (1) you either conduct 
activities in common or (2) have a financial 
Instructions for Form 1023 
-11-
EFTA00812079
--- PAGE 12 ---
relationship. For example, a voting 
member of your governing body is also a 
voting member of the governing body of a 
business league with which you intend to 
cooperate in planning an advertising 
campaign that will inform the public about 
the benefits of a particular program. For 
example, a voting member of your 
governing body is also a voting member of 
the governing body of a business league 
that has made a loan to you. 
Line 16. A "cooperative hospital service 
organization" described in section 501(e) 
is organized and operated on a 
cooperative basis to provide its section 
501(c)(3) hospital members one or more 
of the following. 
• Data processing. 
• Purchasing (including purchasing 
insurance on a group basis). 
• Warehousing. 
• Billing and collection (including 
purchasing patron accounts 
receivable on a recourse basis). 
• Food services. 
• Clinical. 
• Industrial engineering. 
• Laboratory. 
• Printing. 
• Communications. 
• Record center. 
• Personnel (including selecting, 
testing, training, and educating 
personnel) services. 
A cooperative hospital service 
organization must also meet certain other 
requirements specified in section 501(e). 
For additional information, see Pub 557. 
Line 17. A cooperative service 
organization of operating educational 
organizations described in section 501(f) 
is organized and operated to provide 
investment services to its members. 
Those members must be organizations 
described in section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii) or (iv), 
and either tax exempt under section 
501(a) or whose income is excluded from 
taxation under section 115(a). 
See Pub. 557 for additional 
information. 
Line 18. A "charitable risk pool" 
described in section 501(n) is organized 
and operated to pool insurable risks of its 
section 501(c)(3) members (other than 
risks related to medical malpractice). A 
section 501(n) organization must be 
organized under state law provisions 
authorizing risk pooling arrangements for 
charitable organizations and also meet 
certain other requirements provided by 
section 501(n). 
See Pub. 557 for additional 
information. 
Line 19. "A school" is an educational 
organization whose primary function is the 
presentation of formal instruction and 
which normally maintains a regular faculty 
and curriculum and normally has a 
regularly enrolled body of pupils or 
students in attendance at the place where 
its educational activities are regularly 
carried on. A school may include a the 
following. 
• Primary, secondary, preparatory, or 
high school. 
• College or university. 
• Trade or technical school. 
• Nursery or pre-school. 
• School that you operate as an activity, 
such as a school that is operated as an 
activity of a museum, historical society, or 
church. 
If you are a nursery or pre-school that 
meets the description of a school, you 
would answer "Yes" to line 19 and 
complete Schedule B. You would also 
answer "No" to Part VIII, line 9a. 
If you are a nursery or pre-school that 
doesn't meet the description of a school, 
you would answer "No" to line 19. You 
would answer "Yes" to Part VIII, line 9a, if 
you are applying for exemption as a 
childcare organization. 
See Pub. 557 for additional 
information. 
Line 20. "Hospital or medical care" 
includes the treatment of any physical or 
mental disability or condition, whether as 
an inpatient or outpatient. A hospital 
includes the following. 
• Hospitals and rehabilitation institutions. 
outpatient clinics, or community mental 
health or drug treatment centers if the 
principal purpose or function is the 
providing of medical or hospital care or 
medical education or research. 
• Medical research organizations, if the 
principal purpose or function is the 
continuous active conduct of medical 
research in conjunction with a hospital. 
See Pub. 557 for additional 
information. 
Line 21. "Low-income housing" refers to 
rental or ownership housing provided to 
persons based on financial need. "Elderly 
housing" refers to rental or ownership 
housing provided to persons based on 
age, including retirement, assisted-living, 
independent living, continuous care, and 
life care arrangements. "Handicapped 
housing" refers to rental or ownership 
housing provided to persons based on 
physical or mental disabilities, including 
nursing homes. 
If you are a skilled nursing facility, you 
should also complete Schedule C. 
Line 22. Answer "Yes" if you pay money 
to an individual as a scholarship, 
fellowship, or educational loan, for travel, 
study, or other similar purposes. Also 
answer "Yes" if you pay such amounts on 
behalf of an individual to a school or a 
tuition or educational savings program. 
Travel, study, or other similar purposes 
include payments made to enhance a 
literary, artistic, musical, scientific, 
teaching or other similar capacity, skill, or 
talent of the individual recipient. For 
example amounts paid to: 
• Vocational high school students to be 
used to purchase basic tools, 
• Teachers to induce them to teach in an 
economically depressed, public school 
system, and 
• A scientific researcher to underwrite 
that individual's research project. 
Educational grants don't include 
amounts you pay to an individual as 
compensation, such as payments made to 
a consultant for personal services or to 
produce a report for you. 
Educational grants don't include 
amounts paid to another organization that 
distributes your funds as a scholarship to 
an individual if you have no role in the 
selection process. 
If you are a "private foundation" as 
described in Part X, you can request 
advance approval of your grant-making 
procedures by completing Schedule H 
and avoid the possible imposition of 
excise taxes under section 4945. 
Part IX. Financial Data 
A. Statement of Revenues and 
Expenses 
Existed 5 years or more. If you have 
been in existence for 5 years or more, 
complete the A. Statement of Revenues 
and Expenses for your most recently 
completed year and each of the three 
years immediately before it. Place 
financial information for your most recently 
completed year in the column marked 
Current tax year. For the fifth year, enter 
the required information on a separate 
statement and attach it to Form 1023. The 
information on the Statement of Revenues 
and Expenses and on the separate 
statement will contain a total of five years 
of financial information. 
We may request financial 
information for more than five 
years if necessary. 
Existed more than one year, less 
than 5 years. If you have been in 
existence for more than 1 year and less 
than 5 years, provide your actual income 
and expenses for each completed year 
you have existed and projections of your 
likely income and expenses based on a 
reasonable and good faith estimate of 
your future finances for your current year 
and each year you haven't existed for a 
total of 4 years of financial information. 
Place financial information for the year you 
are filing this application in the column 
marked Current tax year. 
-12- 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812080
--- PAGE 13 ---
Existed less than 1 year. If you have 
existed for less than 1 year, you must 
provide projections of your likely income 
and expenses for your current year and 
projections of your likely income and 
expenses for the next 2 years based on a 
reasonable and good faith estimate of 
your future finances for a total of 3 years of 
financial information. Place financial 
information for the year you are filing this 
application in the column marked Current 
tax year. 
Preparing the statement. Prepare the 
statements using the method of 
accounting you use in keeping your books 
and records. If you use a method other 
than the cash receipts and disbursements 
method, attach a statement explaining the 
method used. For example, state whether 
you used the accrual method of 
accounting to prepare the financial 
statements included with this application. 
Prepare the statements using the 
accounting period entered on Part I, line 5. 
Financial information should reflect 
projected activities reported elsewhere in 
this application. 
Line 1. Include funds or other items of 
value that you receive as gifts, grants, or 
contributions. For example, if one of your 
activities is a food drive, the value of the 
donated food must be included on this 
line. Also include on this line payments a 
governmental unit makes to enable you to 
both accomplish your exempt purpose(s) 
and to provide a service or facility directly 
to the general public. 
See the instructions to line 9 if you are 
uncertain whether revenue should be 
included as a grant in line 1 or as gross 
receipts in line 9. Unusual grants aren't 
included on this line, but are included on 
line 12. 
Examples 
1. A city pays the symphony orchestra 
to provide free music programs in the 
public schools. The programs are open to 
the public. This income received from a 
governmental unit accomplishes the 
orchestra's exempt purpose and directly 
provides a service to the general public. 
The income is a grant to the symphony 
orchestra that should be listed on line 1. 
2. The symphony orchestra sells 
tickets to the public for its fall season. 
Such Income is gross receipts received 
from the general public in performance of 
the orchestra's exempt function and 
should be listed on line 9. 
3. The public school system pays the 
symphony orchestra to create several 
musical pieces suitable for the school 
system's elementary music curriculum. 
This payment by a governmental unit for 
the music compositions is primarily for its 
(the school system's) own use, not for the 
direct benefit of the public. Therefore, this 
income is gross receipts received from a 
governmental unit In performance of the 
orchestra's exempt function that should be 
listed on Line 9. 
Line 2. Include amounts received from 
members to provide support to the 
organization. Don't include payments from 
members or on behalf of members to 
purchase admissions, merchandise, 
services, or use of facilities. 
Line 3. Include gross income from 
dividends, interest, payments received on 
securities, loans, rents, and royalties that 
are held for investment purposes. 
Line 4. Net income from unrelated 
business activities generally Includes 
income from any trade or business activity 
that is regularly carried on, not conducted 
with substantially all (at least 85%) 
volunteer labor, and not related to your 
exempt purposes. (This amount can be 
taken from Form 990-T, If filed.) 
Report on line 9 Income from activities 
that aren't related to the accomplishment 
of your exempt purposes, but aren't 
considered unrelated business activities. 
For example, income from the sale of 
merchandise by volunteers that isn't 
treated as an unrelated trade or business 
is reported on line 9. 
See Pub. 598 for additional information 
regarding unrelated business income. 
Line 5. Include the amount collected by 
any local tax authority from the public on 
your behalf. 
Line 6. To determine the value of 
services or facilities furnished by a 
governmental unit, use the fair market 
value of the services or facilities furnished 
to you. Don't include the value of services 
or facilities generally provided to the public 
without charge. 
Line 7. Enter the total income from all 
sources not reported on lines 1 through 6, 
or lines 9, 11, and 12. Submit an itemized 
list showing each type and amount of 
income included. Also, briefly describe 
each type of income. 
Line 8. Add lines 1 through 7 and enter 
the amount. 
Line 9. "Gross receipts" is income from 
activities that you conduct to further your 
exempt purposes (excluding amounts 
listed on other lines). It includes payments 
by a governmental unit that may be called 
a "grant," but that Is actually payment for a 
service or facility for the use of the 
government payer, rather than for the 
direct benefit of the public. 
Example. The state government gives 
a conservation group a grant to study the 
consequences to an ecologically 
significant woodland area of a new 
sewage treatment plan. Although the 
payment is called a grant, it is actually 
gross receipts that should be included on 
line 9. The payment is by a governmental 
unit (state) for a study for its own use, not 
for the direct benefit of the general public. 
The study could have been done by a 
for-profit consulting company rather than 
by the tax-exempt conservation group. 
Submit an Itemized list of payments by 
any governmental units showing: 
• Payer (governmental unit or bureau), 
• Purpose of payment, and 
• Amount. 
Include as gross receipts the income 
from activity conducted: 
• Intermittently (not regularly carried on), 
such as an occasional auction. 
• With substantially all (at least 85%) 
volunteer labor, such as a car wash. 
• For the convenience of members, 
students, patients, officers, or employees, 
such as a parking lot for a school's 
students and employees. 
• With substantially all contributed 
merchandise, such as a thrift store. 
See Pub. 598 for additional information 
regarding income that isn't from an 
unrelated trade or business. 
Line 10. Add lines 8 and 9 and enter the 
amount. 
Line 11. Attach a schedule with total 
amounts entered (rather than each 
individual transaction) for each category 
using the format in Figure 2. 
Line 12. "Unusual grants" generally are 
substantial contributions and bequests 
from disinterested persons that by their 
size adversely affect classification as a 
public charity. They are unusual, 
unexpected, and received from an 
unrelated party. 
You must fully describe your unusual 
grants in Part X, line 7. For additional 
information about unusual grants and a 
description of public charity classification 
see Pub. 557. 
Line 13. Add lines 10 through 12 and 
enter the amount. 
Line 14. Fundraising expenses include 
the total expenses incurred by you for 
soliciting gifts, grants, and contributions 
included on line 1. Where you allocate a 
portion of your other expenses to 
fundraising, submit an itemized list 
describing the amounts allocated. Include 
fees paid to professional fundraisers for 
soliciting gifts, grants, and contributions. 
Line 15. If distributions have been made, 
submit an Itemized list showing the name 
of each recipient, a brief description of the 
purposes or conditions of payment, and 
the amount paid. 
Colleges, universities, and other 
educational institutions and agencies 
subject to the Family Educational Rights 
Instructions for Form 1023 
-13-
EFTA00812081
--- PAGE 14 ---
Figure 2. Part IX-A. Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
Line 11. Net Gain or (Loss) 
Categories 
(A) Real Estate 
(B) Securities 
(C) Other 
1. Gross sales price of 
assets (other than 
inventory) by category. 
2. Less: Cost or other 
basis and sales 
expenses. 
3. Gail or (loss). Subtract 
line 2 from line 1. 
4. Net gain or (foss) -Add line 3 of columns (A). (B). and (C). Enter here and 
on Form 1023, Pan IX -A Statement of Revenues and Expenses. Ire 11. 
and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) need 
not list the names of individuals who were 
provided scholarships or other financial 
assistance where such disclosure would 
violate the privacy provisions of the law. 
Instead, such organizations should group 
each type of financial aid provided, 
indicate the number of individuals who 
received the aid, and specify the 
aggregate dollar amount. 
Line 16. If payments have been made, 
submit an itemized list showing the name 
of each recipient, a brief description of the 
purposes or condition of payment, and 
amount paid. Don't include any amounts 
on line 15. 
Line 17. Enter the total amount of 
compensation. Be consistent with 
information provided in Part V, lines 1 a, 
lb, and lc. 
Line 18. Enter the total amount of 
employees' salaries and wages not 
reported on line 17. 
Line 19. Enter the total interest expense 
for the year, excluding mortgage interest 
treated as an occupancy expense on 
line 20. 
Line 20. Enter the amount paid for the 
use of office space or other facilities, heat, 
light, power, and other utilities, outside 
janitorial services, mortgage interest, real 
estate taxes, and similar expenses. 
Line 21. If you record depreciation, 
depletion, and similar expenses, enter the 
total amount. 
Line 22. Professional fees are those 
charged by individuals and entities that 
aren't your employees. They include fees 
for professional fundraisers (other than 
fees listed on line 14, above), accounting 
services, legal counsel, consulting 
services, contract management, or any 
independent contractors. 
Line 23. Submit an itemized list showing 
the type and amount of each significant 
expense for which a separate line isn't 
provided. 
Line 24. Add lines 14 through 23 and 
enter the amount on line 24. 
B. Balance Sheet 
Complete the following for your most 
recently completed tax year. If you haven't 
completed a full tax year, use the most 
current information available. Be sure to 
enter the year-end date for the information 
provided and not the date the form is 
prepared. 
Line 1. Enter the total cash in checking 
and savings accounts, temporary cash 
investments (money market funds, CDs, 
treasury bills, or other obligations that 
mature in less than one year), and petty 
cash funds. 
Line 2. Enter the total accounts 
receivable that arose from the sale of 
goods and/or performance of services, 
less any reserve for bad debt. 
Line 3. Enter the amount of materials, 
goods, and supplies you purchased or 
manufactured and held to be sold or used 
in some future period. 
Line 4. Enter the total amount of bonds or 
notes that you issued that will be repaid to 
you. Submit an itemized list that shows the 
name of each borrower, a brief description 
of the obligation, the rate of retum, the due 
date, and the amount due. 
Line 5. Enter the total fair market value 
(FMV) of corporate stocks you hold. 
Submit an itemized list of your corporate 
stock holdings. For stock of closely held 
corporations, the statement should show 
the name of the corporation, a brief 
summary of the corporation's capital 
structure, the number of shares held, and 
their value as carried on your books. If 
such valuation doesn't reflect current fair 
market value, also include fair market 
value. 
For stock traded on an organized 
exchange or in substantial quantities over 
the counter, the statement should show 
the name of the corporation, a description 
of the stock and the principal exchange on 
which it is traded, the number of shares 
held, and their value as carried on your 
books and their fair market value. 
Line 6. Enter the total amount of loans 
(personal and mortgage loans) receivable. 
Submit an itemized list that shows each 
borrower's name, purpose of loan, 
repayment terms, interest rate, and 
original amount of loan. Report each loan 
separately, even if more than one loan 
was made to the same person. 
Line 7. Enter the total book value of other 
investments. Include the total book value 
of government securities (federal, state, 
and municipal), and buildings and 
equipment held for investment purposes. 
Submit an itemized list identifying and 
reporting the book value of each building/ 
item of equipment held for investment 
purposes. 
Line 8. Enter the total book value of 
buildings and equipment not held for 
investment. This includes facilities you 
own and equipment you use in conducting 
your exempt activities. Submit an itemized 
list of these assets held at the end of the 
current tax year/period, including the cost 
or other basis. 
Line 9. Enter the total book value of land 
not held for investment. 
Line 10. Enter the total book value of any 
other category of assets not reported on 
lines 1 through 9. For example, you would 
include patents, copyrights, or other 
intangible assets. Submit an itemized list 
of each asset. 
Line 11. Add lines 1 through 10 and enter 
the amount. 
Line 12. Enter the total amount of 
accounts payable to suppliers and others, 
such as salaries payable, accrued payroll 
taxes, and interest payable. 
Line 13. Enter the total unpaid portion of 
grants and contributions you have 
committed to pay to other organizations or 
individuals. 
Line 14. Enter the total of mortgages and 
other notes payable outstanding at the 
end of the current tax year/period. Submit 
an itemized list that shows each note 
separately, including the lender's name, 
purpose of loan, repayment terms, interest 
rate, and original amount. 
Line 15. Enter the total amount of any 
other liabilities not reported on lines 12 
through 14. Submit an itemized list of 
these liabilities, including the amounts 
owed. 
Line 16. Add lines 12 through 15 and 
enter the amount. 
-14- 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812082
--- PAGE 15 ---
Line 17. Under fund accounting, an 
organization segregates its assets, 
liabilities, and net assets into separate 
funds according to restrictions on the use 
of certain assets. Each fund is like a 
separate entity in that it has a 
self-balancing set of accounts showing 
assets, liabilities, equity (fund balance), 
income, and expenses. If you don't use 
fund accounting, report only the "net 
assets" account balances, which include 
capital stock, paid-in capital, retained 
earnings or accumulated Income, and 
endowment funds. 
Line 18. Add lines 16 and 17 and enter 
the amount. 
Line 19. If you answer "Yes," describe the 
change and explain what caused it. 
Part X. Public Charity 
Status 
Line la. Organizations that are exempt 
under section 501(c)(3) are private 
foundations unless they are: 
• Churches, schools, hospitals, 
governmental units, entities that undertake 
testing for public safety, organizations that 
have broad financial support from the 
general public; or 
• Organizations that support one or more 
other organization(s) that are themselves 
classified as public charities. 
Section 501(c)(3) organizations 
excepted from private foundation status 
are public charities. See the instructions 
for Part X, lines Sa through 5j for a more 
detailed description of public charities. 
Unless you meet one of the exceptions 
above, you are a private foundation and 
must answer, "Yes," on line la. 
Line lb. Section 508(e) provides that a 
private foundation isn't tax exempt unless 
its organizing document contains specific 
provisions. These specific provisions 
require that you operate to avoid liability 
for excise taxes under sections 4941(d), 
4942, 4943(c), 4944, and 4945(d). You 
can also meet these provisions by reliance 
on state law. 
See Pub. 557, Chapter 3, Section 
501(c)(3) Organizations, Private 
Foundations and Public Charities, 
Governing instrument for samples of 
provisions that will meet section 508(e). 
Also, see Appendix B for a list of states 
that have enacted statutory provisions that 
satisfy the requirements of section 508(e), 
subject to notations. Appendix B is based 
on Rev. Rul. 75-38, 1975-1 C.B. 161. 
Line 2. Some private foundations are 
private operating foundations. These are 
types of private foundations that lack 
general public support, but make 
qualifying distributions directly for the 
active conduct of their educational, 
charitable, and religious purposes. 
'Directly for the active conduct" means 
that the distributions are used by the 
foundation itself to carry out the programs 
for which it is organized and operated. 
Grants made to assist other organizations 
or individuals are normally considered 
indirect. 
For additional Information about private 
operating foundations, go to Mel/ 
www.irs.gov/charities-non-profits/ 
foundations/private-operating-foundation-
supbothtest 
Line 3. If you have existed for one year or 
more, you must provide financial 
information that demonstrates you meet 
the requirements to be classified as a 
private operating foundation. 
Line 4. If you have existed for less than 
one year, you must ordinarily provide an 
affidavit or opinion of counsel that sets 
forth facts conceming your operations and 
projected support to demonstrate that you 
are likely to satisfy the requirements to be 
classified as a private operating 
foundation. If you haven't provided an 
affidavit or opinion of counsel, you may 
provide a narrative statement that 
provides sufficient information to 
demonstrate that you are likely to satisfy 
the requirements to be classified as a 
private operating foundation. 
Line 5a. Check this box if your primary 
purpose is operating a church or a 
convention or association of churches. 
The term "church" includes mosques, 
temples, synagogues, etc. If you select 
this box, complete and submit 
Schedule A. 
Line 5b. Check this box if your primary 
purpose is operating a school. If you 
select this box, complete and submit 
Schedule B. 
If you operate a school but it isn't your 
primary purpose, don't check this box. 
However, you must still complete and 
submit Schedule B. 
Be sure your response is consistent 
with Part VIII, line 19. 
Line 5c. Check this box if your primary 
purpose is providing medical or hospital 
care, or medical education or research 
(performed in association with a hospital). 
If you select this box, complete and submit 
Schedule C. 
A hospital includes a rehabilitation 
institution, outpatient clinic, community 
mental health clinic, drug treatment 
center, or skilled nursing facility. 
A hospital doesn't include 
convalescent homes, homes for children 
or the aged, or institutions whose principal 
purpose or function is to train 
handicapped individuals to pursue some 
vocation. 
Cooperative hospital service 
organizations described in section 501(e) 
should also check this box, but don't 
complete Schedule C. 
Line Sd. Check this box if you are 
organized and operated to support 
organizations described in lines Sa 
through 5c, 5f, 5h, or 5i, or an organization 
that is tax exempt under section 501(c)(4), 
(5), or (6). If you select this box, complete 
and submit Schedule D. 
The organization(s) you support should 
have a significant influence over your 
operations. 
Line 5e. Check this box if your primary 
purpose is to test products to determine 
their acceptability for use by the general 
public. 
Contributions to organizations of this 
type aren't deductible under section 
170(c). Also, organizations that primarily 
test for specific manufacturers don't 
qualify for exemption under section 501(c) 
(3). 
Line 5f. Check this box if you are 
organized and operated exclusively to 
benefit a college or university owned or 
operated by a governmental unit. You 
must also normally receive a substantial 
part of your support from a govemmental 
unit or from contributions from the general 
public. 
Organizations that qualify under this 
category would generally also qualify 
under section 509(a)(3), line 5d, which 
would be an easier public charity status to 
maintain. 
Line 5g. Check the box if you are an 
agricultural research organization 
described in section 170(b)(1)(A)(ix) 
operated in conjunction with a land grant 
college or university or a non-land grant 
college of agriculture. 
Attach to your application additional 
information detailing your agricultural 
research program and how contributions 
to such program will be spent. This 
information should include the following. 
• A description of how you are engaged 
in the continuous active conduct of 
agricultural research (as defined in section 
1404 of the Agricultural Research, 
Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 
1977). 
• Information showing that you are 
operated in conjunction with a land grant 
college or university or a non-land grant 
college of agriculture (as defined in 
section 1404 of the Agricultural Research, 
Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 
1977). 
• Information discussing the timing of 
when you will spend contributions for 
research. 
Line 5h. Check this box if you normally 
receive a substantial part of your support 
Instructions for Form 1023 
-15-
EFTA00812083
--- PAGE 16 ---
from grants from governmental units or 
from contributions from the general public, 
or a combination of these sources. 
Typically, a substantial part of your income 
would be shown on Part IX-A. Statement 
of Revenues and Expenses, lines 1 and 2. 
Under this public charity status, you 
must meet the one-third public support 
test or the 10% facts and circumstances 
test. 
Public support test An organization 
must receive either (1) at least one-third of 
its total support from governmental 
agencies, contributions from the general 
public, and contributions or grants from 
other public charities; or (2) at least 10% 
of its total support from governmental 
agencies, contributions from the general 
public, and contributions or grants from 
other public charities and also satisfy a 
facts and circumstances test. 
Facts and circumstances test. Facts 
and circumstances include (1) the amount 
of support you received from the general 
public, governmental units, or public 
charities; (2) whether you have a 
continuous and bona fide program for 
solicitation of funds from the general 
public, governmental units, or public 
charities; and (3) all other facts and 
circumstances, including the public nature 
of your governing board, the extent to 
which your facilities or programs are 
publicly available, the extent to which your 
dues encourage membership, and 
whether your activities are likely to appeal 
to persons having a broad common 
interest or purpose. For additional 
information about the 10% facts and 
circumstances test, see Pub. 557 and 
Reg. section 1.170A-9(e)(3). 
Line 51 Check this box if you normally 
receive more than one-third of your 
support from contributions, membership 
fees, and gross receipts from activities 
related to your exempt functions, or a 
combination of these sources, and not 
more than one-third of your support from 
gross Investment income and net 
unrelated business income. Typically, a 
substantial part of your income would be 
shown on Part IX-A. Statement of 
Revenues and Expenses, lines 1, 2, and 
9. 
Under this public charity status, you 
must meet both the "one-third public 
support test" and the 
"not-more-than-one-third Investment 
income and net unrelated business 
income test". Before checking this box, 
consider the types of income you listed on 
Part IX-A. Statement of Revenues and 
Expenses, lines 1 through 13. See Pub. 
557 for additional Information about these 
tests. 
Line 5j. Check this box if you are unsure 
whether you are better described in boxes 
Sh or 5i. By checking this box, you agree 
to let us choose the best public charity 
status for you. 
Line 6. Confirmation of public support 
status. If you have been in existence for 
more than 5 years, and you checked 
box 5h, Si, or 5j; then you must confirm 
your public support status. 
This determination must be based on 
your public support computed on the cash 
method of accounting. Therefore, If you 
use the accrual method of accounting, 
please use a worksheet to convert your 
revenue accounts from the accrual to the 
cash basis. Such a worksheet is provided 
in Instructions for Schedule A (Form 990 
or 990-EZ), Public Charity Status and 
Public Support, Part IV. Supporting 
Organizations, Section A. All Supporting 
Organizations. 
To show that you meet one of the 
required public charity support tests, 
complete lines 6a and/or fib. 
Line WI). From Part IX-A. Statement 
of Revenues and Expenses, add the line 8 
amounts from completed tax years only. 
Multiply the total by 2% (0.02) and enter 
the amount in the space provided. 
Line 6.9(10. Attach a list showing the 
name and amount contributed by each 
person, company, or organization whose 
gifts totaled more than the 2% amount. If 
no gifts totaled more than the 2% amount, 
state this on an attachment. 
Line 6b(l). For each year amounts are 
included in lines 1, 2, and 9 of Part IX-A, 
attach a list showing the name and 
amount received from each disqualified 
person. If no such amounts are included 
on lines 1, 2, and 9 of Part IX-A, state this 
on an attachment. 
Line 6b(ll). The required list for this 
line should include the name of and 
amounts paid by each individual or 
organization included on line 9, Part IX-A. 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses, 
that were greater than the larger of 1% of 
line 10, of the Part IX-A. Statement of 
Revenues and Expenses or $5,000 for 
any completed tax year. Your list for each 
payer must show a year-by-year 
breakdown of the amounts reported for 
completed tax years on Part IX-A. 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses, 
line 9. If no such payments were made, 
state this on an attachment. 
Don't include disqualified persons 
in this list. Disqualified persons 
should be listed in line 66(i). 
A 
For purposes of this application, a 
"disqualified person" is any Individual or 
organization that is any of the following. 
1. A 'substantial contributor to you 
(defined below). 
2. An officer, director, trustee, or any 
other individual who has similar powers or 
responsibilities. 
3. An individual who owns more than 
20% of the total combined voting power of 
a corporation that is a substantial 
contributor. 
4. An individual who owns more than 
20% of the profits interest of a partnership 
that is a substantial contributor. 
5. An individual who owns more than 
20% of the beneficial interest of a trust or 
estate that is a substantial contributor. 
6. A member of the family of any 
individual described In 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 
above. 
7. A corporation in which any 
individuals described In 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 
above, hold more than 35% of the total 
combined voting power. 
8. A trust or estate in which any 
individuals described In 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 
above, hold more than 35% of the 
beneficial interests. 
9. A partnership in which any 
individuals described In 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 
above, hold more than 35% of the profits 
interest. 
Substantial contributor. A 
'substantial contributor is any individual 
or organization that gave more than 
$5,000 to you from the date you were 
formed or other date that your exemption 
would be effective, to the end of the year 
in which the contributions were received. 
This total amount contributed must also be 
more than 2% of all the contributions you 
received. A creator of a trust is treated as 
a substantial contributor regardless of the 
amount contributed. 
For more information regarding 
substantial contributors, go to IRS.gov/
SubstantialContributor. 
Family members. A "member of the 
family- includes the spouse, ancestors, 
children, grandchildren, 
great-grandchildren, and their spouses. 
For additional information concerning 
members of the family, go to IRS.00v/ 
FamilvMembers.
Further information about disqualified 
persons, can be obtained at IRS.gov/
DisgualibedPerson. 
Line 7. "Unusual grants" generally are 
substantial contributions and bequests 
from disinterested persons that by reason 
of their size adversely affect classification 
as a public charity. They are unusual, 
unexpected, and received from an 
unrelated party. If you answer "Yes" to 
line 7, submit a statement for each grant. 
The statement should Include the name of 
the contributor, the date and amount of the 
grant, a brief description of the grant, and 
an explanation of why it is unusual. You 
-16- 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812084
--- PAGE 17 ---
should include details of any additions 
funds you expect to receive from the 
contributors listed. If they qualify for 
unusual grant treatment, these amounts 
should be reported on Part IX-A. 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses, 
line 12. 
See Pub. 557 for additional information 
about unusual grants. 
Part XI. User Fee 
Information 
Ak
Your application will not be 
processed without payment of the 
proper user fee. 
Your user fee may be paid by a 
personal or certified check, bank check, or 
cashiers check. Your check should be 
made payable to the United States 
Treasury. For the current user fee 
amounts, go to www.irs.govicharities-non-
prolits/form-1023-amount-of-user-fee. You 
can also call 877-829-5500. 
Schedule A. Churches 
There is no single definition of the word 
`church' for tax purposes. When 
determining whether a section 501(c)(3) 
religious organization is also a church, we 
will consider characteristics generally 
attributed to churches and the facts and 
circumstances of each organization 
applying for public charity status as a 
church. 
The characteristics generally attributed to 
churches are as follows. 
• A distinct legal existence. 
• A recognized creed and form of 
worship. 
• A definite and distinct ecclesiastical 
government. 
• A formal code of doctrine and 
discipline. 
• A distinct religious history. 
• A membership not associated with any 
other church or denomination. 
• Ordained ministers ministering to the 
congregation. 
• Ordained ministers selected after 
completing prescribed courses of study. 
• A literature of its own. 
• Established places of worship. 
• Regular congregations. 
• Regular religious services. 
• Sunday schools for the religious 
instruction of the young. 
• Schools for the preparation of ministers. 
Although it isn't necessary that each of the 
above criteria be met, a congregation or 
other religious membership group is 
generally required. A church includes 
mosques, temples, synagogues, and 
other forms of religious organizations. For 
more information, see Pub. 1828. 
The practices and rituals associated with 
your religious beliefs or creed must not be 
illegal or contrary to clearly defined public 
policy. 
Specific Line Items 
Line la. Provide a copy of your written 
creed, statement of faith, or summary of 
beliefs. 
Line lb. A lorm of worship" refers to 
religious practices that express your 
devotion to your creed, faith, or beliefs. 
Line 2a. A "code of doctrine and 
discipline" refers to a body of laws or rules 
that govern behavior. 
Line 2b. Your "religious history' includes 
the story of your establishment and major 
events in your past. 
Line 2c. Your literature includes any 
writings about your beliefs, rules, or 
history. 
Line 3. A `religious hierarchy or 
ecclesiastical government" refers to 
people or institutions that exercise 
significant influence or authority over you. 
Line 4a. Indicate the regular days and 
times of your religious services. Describe 
the order of events during your regular 
worship service and explain how the 
activities conducted as part of your 
services further your religious purposes. 
Also include sample copies of church 
bulletins, pamphlets, or flyers that are 
distributed to your members or the general 
public. 
Line 4b. Enter on the space provided, the 
average number of members and 
non-members who attend your regularly 
scheduled religious services. 
Line 5a. An "established place of 
worship" is a place where you hold 
regularly scheduled religious services. It 
may be a place that you own, rent, or 
which is provided freely for your use. If you 
answer "Yes," go to line 5b. If you answer 
-Nor describe where you meet to hold 
regularly scheduled religious services. 
Line 6. An "established congregation' or 
other religious membership group' 
includes individuals who regularly attend 
and take part in the religious services of 
your organization at an established 
location. An established congregation 
generally doesn't include members of only 
one family. If you answer "No" because 
you don't have an established 
congregation or other religious 
membership, you may be a religious 
organization that doesn't qualify as a 
church. If you don't qualify as a church, 
you will need to go back to Part X, line 5, 
to reconsider your public charity status. 
You may request classification as 
a church at a later date after you 
establish a congregation or other 
religious membership group. For 
information about this option, contact our 
customer account service representatives 
at 877-829-5500 (toll-free). 
Line 7. Enter the total number of your 
current members in the provided. If you 
have no members, enter zero. 
Line 8a. Answer "Yes" if you have a 
prescribed way to become a member. 
Answer "Yes" even if you just keep 
records of who is currently a member. 
Describe any actions required for 
individuals to become members. Submit 
copies of any application forms used. 
Line 8b. Describe any rights and benefits 
of members. You should include details of 
any levels of membership and the rights 
and/or benefits associated with each level. 
Line 8c. If your members may be 
associated with another denomination or 
church, describe the circumstances in 
which your members would be members 
of your church and another church. 
Line 8d. See Glossary, Appendix C, for a 
description of the word "family." 
Line 9. Answer "Yes" if you conduct 
baptisms, weddings, funerals, or other 
religious rites. 
Line 10. A school for the religious 
instruction of the young refers to any 
regularly scheduled religious, educational 
activities for youth, such as 'Sunday 
school." 
Line 11a. A "prescribed course of study" 
refers to formal or informal training. It 
doesn't include self-ordination or paying a 
fee for an ordination certificate without 
completing a course of study. Describe 
the course of study completed by your 
religious leader. 
Line 12. Answer "Yes" if your religious 
leader is listed in Part V, line la. 
Line 14. Answer "Yes" if you are part of a 
group of churches with similar beliefs and 
structures, such as a convention, 
association, or union of churches. 
Line 16. If you answer "Yes," submit a 
copy of your church charter. Identify the 
organization that issued the charter and 
describe the requirements you met to 
receive it. Don't describe organizational 
charters you received from your state's 
Secretary of State, Franchise Tax Board, 
or similar administrative office. 
Line 17. Attach any additional information 
you would like us to consider that would 
help us classify you as a church. 
-17-
EFTA00812085
--- PAGE 18 ---
Schedule B. Schools, 
Colleges, and Universities 
An organization is a school if it: 
• Presents formal instruction as its 
primary function. 
• Has a regularly scheduled curriculum. 
• Has a regular faculty of qualified 
teachers. 
• Has a regularly enrolled student body. 
• Has a place where educational 
activities are regularly carried on. 
The term "schoor includes primary, 
secondary, preparatory, high schools, 
colleges, and universities. It doesn't 
include organizations engaged in both 
educational and non-educational 
activities, unless the latter are merely 
incidental to the educations activities. 
Non-traditional schools such as an 
outdoor survival school or a yoga school 
may qualify. 
The term "schoor doesn't include 
home schools. 
Section I. Operational Information 
Line la. Answer "Yes" if you have a 
regularly scheduled curriculum, a regular 
faculty of qualified teachers, a regularly 
enrolled student body, and facilities where 
your educations activities are regularly 
carried on. Submit evidence establishing 
that you meet these factors, as described 
below. 
• Evidence that you have a regularly 
scheduled curriculum includes a list of 
required courses of study, dates and times 
courses are offered, and other information 
about how to complete required courses. 
• Evidence that you have a regular faculty 
of qualified teachers includes certifications 
by the appropriate state authority or 
successful completion of required training. 
• Evidence of a regularly enrolled student 
body includes records of regular 
attendance by students at your facility. 
• Evidence of a place where your 
exclusively educational activities are 
regularly carried on includes a lease 
agreement or deed for your facility. 
If you answer "No," don't complete 
Schedule B. You don't meet the 
requirements of a school and you will 
need to go back to Part X, line 5, to 
reconsider your public charity status. 
Line lb. Answer "Yes" if your primary 
function is the presentation of formal 
instruction. If you answer "No," don't 
complete Schedule B. You don't meet the 
requirements of a school and you will 
need to go back to Part X, line 5, to 
reconsider your public charity status. 
Line 2a. Answer "Yes" if you are a public 
school. Submit documentation of your 
status as a public school. If you answer 
'Yes," don't complete the remainder of 
Schedule B. 
Line 2b. Answer "Yes" if you have a 
signed contract or agreement with a state 
or local government under which you 
operate and receive funding. Submit a 
signed and dated copy of your contract or 
agreement. If you answer 'Yes," don't 
complete the remainder of Schedule B. 
Line 3. Enter the name of the public 
school district and county where you 
operate. 
Line 4. Answer -Yes" if you were formed 
or substantially expanded during a period 
of time when public schools in your district 
or county were desegregated by court 
order. 
A 
If you are unsure whether to 
answer "Yes," contact an 
appropriate public school official. 
Line 5. Answer -Yes" if a state or federal 
administrative agency or judicial body ever 
determined your organization to be racially 
discriminatory. Identify the parties involved 
and the forum in which the case was 
presented. Explain the reason for the 
action, the decision reached, and provide 
legal citations (if any) for the decision. 
Also, explain in detail any changes made 
in response to the action against your 
organization or the decision reached. 
Line 7. In responding to this line, you may 
reference information previously provided 
in response to Part VIII, lines 7a, 7b, or 7c, 
along with any additional information to 
fully respond. 
Line 8. Answer 'Yes" if you manage or 
intend to manage your programs through 
your own employees or by using 
volunteers. Answer "No" if you engage or 
intend to engage a separate organization 
or independent contractor. Make sure your 
answer is consistent with the information 
provided in Part VIII, line 7b. In responding 
to this line, you may reference information 
previously provided in response to Part 
VIII, line 7a, 7b, or 7c, along with any 
additional information to fully respond. 
Section II. Establishment of 
Racially Nondiscriminatory Policy 
A section 501(c)(3) organization that is a 
school must publish a notice of its racially 
nondiscriminatory policy as to students as 
follows. 
The M school admits students 
of any race, color, national 
origin, and ethnic origin to all the 
rights, privileges, programs, and 
activities generally accorded or 
made available to students at 
the school. It doesn't 
discriminate on the basis of 
race, color, national origin, and 
ethnic origin in administration of 
its educational policies, 
admission policies, scholarship 
and loan programs, and athletic 
and other school-administered 
programs. 
Every private school is subject to the 
provisions of Revenue Procedure 75-50, 
1975.2 C.B. 587. See Pub. 557, which 
sets forth the requirements of Rev. Proc. 
75-50 under the section for Private 
Schools. 
A private school must also certify 
annually that it meets the requirements of 
Rev. Proc. 75-50. This can be 
accomplished by filing Schedule A (Form 
990, Form 990-EZ) Organization Exempt 
Under Section 501(c)(3). 
Schools that don't file Form 990 or 
990-EZ must file Form 5578, Annual 
Certification of Racial Nondiscrimination 
for a Private School Exempt From Federal 
Income Tax. 
Line 1. Answer 'Yes" if your organizing 
document or bylaws contain a 
nondiscriminatory statement as to 
students similar to the one shown above. 
Answer "No" if the nondiscrimination 
statement isn't included. If the statement 
isn't included in your organizing document 
or bylaws, you may submit a copy of your 
signed and dated resolution that was 
adopted according to your internal rules or 
regulations. Your resolution should 
approve a nondiscriminatory policy similar 
to the one shown above. 
Line 2. Answer -Yes" if your brochures, 
application forms, advertisements, and 
catalogues dealing with student 
admissions, programs, and scholarships 
contain a statement similar to the 
following. 
The M school admits students of any 
race, color, and national or ethnic 
origin. 
Submit representative copies of each 
document. 
If you answer "No," to line 2, but 
checked the box on line 2b, you are 
agreeing that all future printed materials, 
including Internet content, will contain a 
-18-
EFTA00812086
--- PAGE 19 ---
statement of nondiscriminatory policy as 
to students similar to the one provided 
above. 
Line 3. You must demonstrate that you 
have made your nondiscriminatory policy 
known to all segments of the general 
community served by the school. One way 
of meeting this requirement is to publish 
the school's nondiscriminatory policy 
annually. If you have already published 
your notice, submit the actual page of the 
newspaper on which the notice appears. 
We can't accept a photocopy, other 
electronic reproduction, or partial page of 
the newspaper. 
Answer "No," if you haven't attached 
your notice and describe how you meet 
the publicity requirement of Rev. Proc. 
75-50. 
See Pub. 557 or Rev. Proc. 75-50 for 
guidance on the format and content of the 
required notice and whether any 
exceptions may apply to you. 
A notice published in the legal 
notices section or c.lassified 
advertisements of your local 
newspaper is generally not acceptable. 
Line 5. Enter the racial composition of 
your student body, faculty, and 
administrative staff in the spaces 
provided. Enter actual numbers, rather 
than percentages, for the current year and 
projected numbers for the next academic 
year. If the number is zero, then enter "0: 
A 
Don't identify students, faculty, 
and staff by name. 
If you are completing the table based 
on estimates, submit documentation that 
supports how you arrived at the estimated 
numbers. For example, if your estimates 
are based on the racial composition of the 
community in which you operate, submit 
current census data of the racial 
composition for the area. If your numbers 
and the census numbers differ greatly, 
explain why. 
Line 6. Enter the racial composition of 
students to whom you award loans and 
scholarships in the spaces provided. Enter 
actual numbers, rather than percentages, 
for the current year and projected 
numbers for the next academic year. If the 
number is zero, then enter "0: 
A 
Don't identify students by name. 
Line 7a. Submit a list that identifies each 
individual or organization by name. Your 
list must Include your incorporators, 
founders, board members, donors of land, 
and donors of buildings. 
Line 7b. Answer "Yes" if any individuals 
or organizations on your list have an 
objective to keep public or private school 
education segregated by race. Explain 
how these individuals or organizations 
promote segregation in public or private 
schools. 
Line 8. Answer "Yes" if on a continuing 
basis, you will maintain fora minimum 
period of three years the following 
records. 
• Your racial composition (similar to the 
information requested in Schedule B, 
Section II, line 5). 
• Evidence that your scholarships and 
loans are awarded on a racially 
nondiscriminatory basis (similar to the 
information requested in Schedule B, 
Section II, line 6). 
• Copies of all materials used by you or 
on your behalf to solicit contributions. 
• Copies of brochures, application forms, 
advertisements, and catalogues dealing 
with student admissions, programs, and 
financial aid. 
Answer "No" if you don't maintain 
records and explain how you meet the 
recordkeeping requirements under Rev. 
Proc. 75-50. 
Failure to maintain these records 
or produce them upon the proper 
request will create a presumption 
that you haven't complied with the 
requirements of Rev. Proc. 75-50. 
Schedule C. Hospitals and 
Medical Research 
Organizations 
A 
An organization qualifies as a hospital if it 
is one of the following. 
• Hospital. 
• Cooperative hospital service 
organization (Schedule C not required). 
• Medical research organization operated 
in conjunction with a hospital. 
Hospital. An organization is a "hospital' if 
its principal purpose or function is 
providing medical or hospital care or 
medical education or research. Medical 
care includes treatment of any physical or 
mental disability or condition, on an 
inpatient or outpatient basis. Thus, if an 
organization is a rehabilitation institution, 
outpatient clinic, or community mental 
health or drug treatment center, it is a 
hospital if its principal function is providing 
treatment services as described above. 
A hospital doesn't include 
convalescent homes, homes for children 
or the aged, or institutions whose principal 
purpose or function is to train 
handicapped individuals to pursue a 
vocation. 
Medical research organization. An 
organization is a "medical research 
organization' if its principal purpose or 
function is the direct, continuous, and 
active conduct of medical research in 
conjunction with a hospital. The hospital 
with which the organization is affiliated 
must be described in section 501(c)(3), a 
federal hospital, or an instrumentality of a 
governmental unit, such as a municipal 
hospital. 
"Medical research' means 
investigations, experiments, and studies 
to discover, develop, or verify knowledge 
relating to the causes, diagnosis, 
treatment, prevention, or control of human 
physical or mental diseases and 
impairments. For more Information, see 
Reg. section 1.170A-9(c)(2). 
If you are a hospital, check the first box 
on Schedule C and complete Section I. 
If you are a medical research 
organization, check the second box on 
Schedule C and complete Section II. 
Section I. Hospitals 
Line 1. Answer -Yes" if all doctors in your 
community are eligible for staff privileges 
at your facility. You may answer "Yes" if 
staff privileges at your facility are limited 
by capacity. 
Answer "No" if all doctors in your 
community aren't eligible for staff 
privileges at your facility. 
If you answer "No," describe in detail 
how you limit eligibility for staff privileges 
at your facility. Include details of your 
eligibility criteria and selection procedures 
for your courtesy staff of doctors. 
Line 2a. Answer "Yes" if you admit all 
patients in your community who can pay 
for themselves or through private health 
insurance. 
Answer "No" if you limit admission for 
these Individuals in any way. If you answer 
"No," describe your admission policy in 
detail. You should explain how and why 
you restrict patient admission. 
Line 2b. Answer "Yes" if you admit all 
patients in your community who 
participate in Medicare. 
Answer "No" if you limit admission in 
any way for these Individuals. If you 
answer "No," describe your admission 
policy in detail. You should explain how 
and why you restrict patient admission to 
exclude persons who participate in 
Medicare. 
Line 2c. Answer "Yes if you admit all 
patients in your community who 
participate in Medicaid. 
Answer "No" if you limit admission in 
any way for these individuals. If you 
answer "No," describe your admission 
policy in detail. You should explain how 
and why you restrict patient admission to 
exclude persons who participate in 
Medicaid. 
-19-
EFTA00812087
--- PAGE 20 ---
Line 3a. Answer "Yes" if you require a 
deposit from Medicare and/or Medicaid 
patients before admission. If you answer 
"Yes," describe in detail how you 
determined the amount required and 
explain why a deposit is needed. 
Line 3b. Answer "Yes" if you require a 
deposit for other patients before 
admission and the requirement is the 
same as for Medicare and/or Medicaid 
patients. 
Answer "No" If you require a deposit, 
but deposits for Medicare/Medicaid 
patients and other patients differ as to: (1) 
the way the amount is determined, or (2) 
the reason for the deposit. If you answer 
'No," describe the differences in detail. 
Line 4a. Answer "Yes" if you offer 
emergency medical or hospital care at 
your facility on a 24-hour basis, seven 
days a week. If "No," explain why you 
don't offer an emergency room. For 
example, emergency care may be 
inappropriate for the type of services you 
provide. Also, describe any emergency 
services that you provide. 
Line 4b. Answer "Yes" if you have a 
specific written plan or policy to accept all 
patients in need of emergency care 
without considering their ability to pay. 
If you answer "Yes," submit a copy of 
your plan or policy. 
Line 4c. Answer -Yes" if you have 
specific arrangements with any police, fire, 
or ambulance service providers to bring 
emergency cases to your facility. 
If you answer "Yes," describe each 
specific agreement. For written 
agreements, you may submit a copy of 
each agreement. If it is oral, explain fully 
the agreement. For any oral agreements, 
include details of how and when the 
agreement was arranged. 
Line 5a. Answer "Yes" if you provide free 
or low cost medical or hospital care 
services to the poor. If you answer "Yes," 
answer lines 5b through 5e. Don't answer 
lines 5b through 5e if you answer -No." 
Line 5b. Submit a copy of your written 
policy or explain fully the understanding 
under which you operate regarding the 
admission and/or treatment of charity 
cases. Explain how you distinguish 
between charity care and bad debts. 
Include details of how you inform 
the general public about your 
policy. Submit copies of any 
documents or agreements you require 
charity patients to sign before being 
admitted and/or treated. 
Line 5c. Submit information that shows 
the amounts you spend for treating charity 
care patients and the types of services 
you provide. Include an explanation that 
distinguishes charity care patient 
expenditures from uncollected bad debts. 
Line 5d. Submit copies of any written 
agreements you have with municipalities 
or government agencies to subsidize the 
cost of admitting or treating charity 
patients. 
Line 5e. A sliding fee scale establishes 
payments depending on financial ability to 
pay. 
Line Sa. Answer "Yes" If you have a 
formal program of medical training and 
research. If you answer "Yes," describe 
your program in detail, including its length 
and criteria for acceptance Into your 
program. 
Line 6b. Answer "Yes" if you have a 
formal program of community educational 
programs. If you answer "Yes," describe 
your program in detail. 
Line 7. Answer "Yes" if you provide office 
space to physicians conducting their own 
medical practices. 
Line 8. Answer "Yes" if you have a board 
of directors that is representative of the 
community you serve. Include a list of 
each board member with the individual's 
name and employment affiliation. Also, for 
each board member, describe how that 
individual represents the community. 
Generally, hospital employees and staff 
physicians aren't individuals considered to 
be community representatives. 
Answer "Yes" if an organization 
described in section 501(c)(3) 
with a community board exercises 
rights or powers over you, such as the 
right to appoint members to your 
governing board of directors and the 
power to approve certain transactions. 
Describe these rights and powers. In 
addition, describe how each of that 
organization's board of directors 
represents the community. 
Answer "Yes" If you are subject to a 
state corporate practice of medicine law 
that requires your governing board to be 
composed solely of physicians licensed to 
practice medicine In the state. If you 
answer "Yes" on this basis, also provide 
the following Information. 
• Describe whether a hospital described 
in section 501(c)(3) exercises any rights or 
powers over you. 
• Identify the corporate practice of 
medicine law under which you operate. 
• Explain how the section 501(c)(3) 
hospital exercises any rights or powers 
over you, such as the right to appoint 
members to your governing board of 
directors and the right to approve certain 
transactions. 
• Explain what services you provide to 
the section 501(c)(3) hospital. 
Line 10. Answer 'Yes" If you manage or 
intend to manage your programs through 
your own employees or by using 
volunteers. Answer "No" if you engage or 
intend to engage a separate organization 
or independent contractor. Make sure your 
answer is consistent with the information 
provided in Part VIII, line 7b. 
Line 11. Recruitment incentives may be 
offered to attract or retain physicians as 
employees or to serve the community in 
which the hospital is located. Such 
incentives are generally offered when 
there is an acute shortage of such 
physicians in your hospital or within the 
community. 
Line 12. Physicians who have a financial 
or professional relationship with you 
include physicians with whom you have a 
business relationship, such as employees, 
staff physicians, participants in joint 
ventures, or physicians with whom you 
contract for services. 
Line 13. A business relationship includes 
employment, contractual relationship, or 
status as a member of your board of 
directors. 
Line 14. Answer -Yes" if you have 
adopted a conflict of interest policy 
consistent with the sample conflict of 
interest policy provided in these 
instructions or you are subject to similar 
conflict of interest policies under state law. 
Provide copies of the policies to which you 
are subject. Although a conflict of interest 
policy isn't required as a matter of tax law, 
we encourage adoption of a substantive 
conflict of interest policy because it makes 
it more likely that you will operate for the 
benefit of the community and not for 
private interests. This sample conflict of 
interest policy doesn't prescribe any 
specific requirements. Therefore, 
organizations should use a conflict of 
interest policy that best fits their 
organization. 
An example of a substantive conflict of 
interest policy is available in Appendix A in 
these instructions. The sample conflict of 
interest policy does not prescribe any 
specific requirements. Therefore, 
organizations should use a conflict of 
interest policy that best fits their 
organization. 
Answer "No" If you haven't adopted a 
conflict of interest policy or you aren't 
subject to conflict of interest policies under 
state law. 
Section II. Medical Research 
Organizations 
Line 1. Attach a list of hospitals with 
which you have relationships relating to 
the conduct of medical research. Describe 
in detail the relationship you have with 
-20- 
Instructions for Form 1023 
EFTA00812088
--- PAGE 21 ---
each hospital. Submit copies of any 
written agreements. 
Line 2. Describe in detail all activities that 
directly accomplish your conduct of 
medical research. 
Making grants to other organizations 
doesn't directly accomplish the conduct of 
medical research. 
Line 3. Your schedule should explain 
how you determine the fair market value of 
your assets. 
Schedule D. Section 
509(a)(3) Supporting 
Organizations 
A section 509(a)(3) organization is 
commonly referred to as a "supporting 
organization." An organization that a 
supporting organization benefits is 
commonly referred to as a "supported 
organization." A supporting organization 
may support more than one supported 
organization. 
An organization qualifies for public charity 
status as a supporting organization under 
section 509(a)(3) if: 
• It is organized and at all times thereafter 
is operated exclusively for the benefit of, 
to perform the functions of, or to carry out 
the purposes of one or more public 
charities described in section 509(a)(1) or 
509(a)(2); 
• It meets one of three required 
relationship tests with the supported 
organization(s); and 
• It isn't controlled directly or indirectly by 
'disqualified persons' See specific 
instructions for Part X, line 6b(ii), for a 
definition of a "disqualified persons." 
A supporting organization can also 
support the charitable purposes of 
organizations that are exempt under 
sections 501(c)(4), (5), or (6). 
Section 1. Identifying Information 
About Supported Organization(s) 
Line 1. Enter the name, address, and EIN 
of each organization you support. 
Line 2. Answer Yes" if each supported 
organization has received a letter from the 
IRS recognizing it as a public charity under 
section 509(a)(1) or 509(a)(2). Then, go to 
Section II, line 1. 
Answer "No" if any supported 
organization hasn't received a letter from 
us recognizing it as a public charity under 
section 509(a)(1) or 509(a)(2). Then, go to 
line 3. 
Line 3. Answer 'Yes" if any supported 
organization you listed in line 1 received a 
letter from us stating that it is exempt 
under section 501(c)(4), (5), or (6). Also, 
to show how the organization meets the 
public support test, submit the amounts 
and sources of revenue for the last four 
completed tax years for the supported 
organization(s). You should provide the 
requested financial data in the format 
shown on Part IX-A. Statement of 
Revenues and Expenses, for each 
supported organization. You must then 
submit the lists requested by Part X, 
line 6b(ii), which is applicable to the public 
support test under section 509(a)(2). 
Answer "No" if no supported 
organization listed in line 1 has been 
recognized as tax-exempt under section 
501(c)(4), (5), or (6). 
If any organization you intend to 
support hasn't received a letter 
from us recognizing it as a public 
charity under section 509(a)(1) or 509(a) 
(2), or hasn't received a determination 
recognizing that it is tax-exempt under 
section 501(c)(4), (5), or (6), you must 
demonstrate, in writing, that each 
organization you support is described in 
section 509(a)(1) or 509(a)(2). For 
example, if you support a church or 
foreign organization, you should describe 
how this organization qualifies as a public 
charity under section 509(a)(1) or 509(a) 
(2). 
Section II. Relationship with 
Supported Organization(s) - Three 
Tests 
To qualify under section 509(a)(3), you 
must show that you meet one of three 
relationship tests with the supported 
organization(s); 
• Test I. Operated, supervised, or 
controlled by (comparable to a 
parent-subsidiary relationship); 
• Test 2. Supervised or controlled in 
connection with (comparable to a 
brother-sister relationship); or 
• Test 3. Operated in connection with 
(responsive to the needs or demands of, 
and having significant involvement in the 
affairs of, the supported organization(s)). 
Line 1. Answer 'Yes" if your governing 
document, bylaws, or other internal rules 
and regulations show that the majority of 
your governing board or officers is elected 
or appointed by the supported 
organization(s). Then, go to Section III. 
Answer "No" if your governing 
document, bylaws, or other internal rules 
and regulations don't show that the 
majority of your governing board or 
officers is elected or appointed by the 
supported organization(s). If you answer 
"No" but still believe you satisfy this test, 
explain and go to Section III. Otherwise, 
go to line 2 because you don't meet the 
-operated, supervised, or controlled by" 
relationship test. 
Line 2. Answer 'Yes" if your governing 
document, bylaws, or other internal rules 
and regulations show that a majority of 
your governing board consists of 
individuals who also serve on the 
governing board of the supported 
organization(s). Then, go to Section III. 
Answer "No" if your governing 
document, bylaws, or other internal rules 
and regulations don't show that a majority 
of your governing board consists of 
individuals who also serve on the 
governing board of the supported 
organization(s). If you answer -No" but still 
believe you satisfy this test, explain and 
go to Section III. Otherwise, go to line 3 
because you don't meet the "supervised 
or controlled in connection with" 
relationship test. 
Line 3. Answer 'Yes" if you are a 
charitable trust under state law, you name 
each specified publicly supported 
organization as a beneficiary in your trust 
agreement, and each beneficiary 
organization has the power to enforce the 
trust and compel an accounting under 
state law. Then go to Section II, line 5. 
Line 4a. Answer "Yes" if the officers, 
directors, trustees, or members of the 
supported organization(s) elect or appoint 
any of your officers, directors, or trustees. 
If your governing document, bylaws, or 
other internal rules and regulations don't 
provide for this, explain how your officers, 
directors, or trustees are elected or 
appointed. Then go to line 4d. 
Line 4b. Answer "Yes" if any members of 
the governing body of the supported 
organization(s) also serve as your officers, 
directors, trustees, or hold another 
important office for your organization. 
Describe the position held and whether 
the position is ongoing. Then go to line 4d. 
Line 4c. Answer "Yes" if your officers, 
directors, or trustees maintain a close and 
continuous working relationship with the 
officers, directors, or trustees of the 
supported organization(s). Explain the 
continuous relationship in detail. Then go 
to line 4d. 
If you answer tlo,"on line 4c and 
your answers to lines 3, 4a, and 
4b were "No," you don't meet the 
"operated in connection with" relationship 
test. You must establish a different 
relationship with the supported 
organization or go back to Part X to 
reconsider your public charity status. 
Line 4d. Answer "Yes" if the supported 
organization has a significant involvement 
in your investment policies, making and 
timing of grants, and directing the use of 
your income and assets. Explain how the 
supported organization is involved in 
these matters. 
-21-
EFTA00812089
--- PAGE 22 ---
Line 5. An applicant for tax exemption as 
a supporting organization under the 
-operated In connection with relationship 
must satisfy either the integral part test or 
the alternative integral part test. If you are 
requesting supporting organization status 
by meeting the "operated in connection 
with" relationship, you must satisfy either 
the integral part test or the alternative 
integral part test. If you satisfy the integral 
part test described in line 5, then you don't 
have to complete line 6. 
Answer "Yes" If you conduct activities 
that the supported organization would 
otherwise conduct. Describe the activities 
that you conduct, other than distributing 
funds. Then go to Section III. 
Line 6a. To satisfy the alternative integral 
part test as a supporting organization, you 
must distribute at least 85% of your annual 
net income to the organization(s) you 
support. See the Glossary for a 
description of "net income" to be used in 
calculating whether you meet the 85% 
distribution threshold. 
Answer "Yes" If you distribute at least 
85% of your net income to the supported 
organization(s). For purposes of this 
schedule, "net income" has the same 
meaning as the term "adjusted net 
income; which is applicable to private 
operating foundations. 
In general, "adjusted net income" is the 
excess of gross income, including gross 
income from any unrelated trade or 
business, determined with certain 
modifications, reduced by total 
deductions. Gross income doesn't include 
gifts, grants, or contributions. 
If you answer line 6a "No," and your 
answer to line 5 was "No," unless you 
establish that the supported 
organization(s) will be attentive to your 
operations, you don't meet the "operated 
in connection with" relationship test. Go 
back to Part X to reconsider your public 
charity status. 
Line 6b. Submit a list that shows the total 
amount distributed annually to each 
supported organization. Also, Indicate how 
each amount will vary from year to year. 
Line 6c. Submit a list that shows the total 
annual income for each supported 
organization. 
Line 6d. Answer "Yes" if your funds are 
"earmarked" for a particular program or 
activity. 
If you distribute your income to, or for 
the use of, a particular department or 
program of an organization, list the total 
annual revenue of the supported 
department or program in line 6c. 
Line 7a. The "operated in connection 
with" test requires that you specify the 
supported organization(s) by name in your 
organizing document unless there has 
been an historic and continuing 
relationship between you and the 
supported organization(s). 
Line 7b. An historic and continuing 
relationship depends on all the facts and 
circumstances that would demonstrate a 
substantial identity of interests between 
you and the supported organization. 
If you answer "No" to lines 7a and 7b. 
you may consider amending your 
organizing document to specify the 
supported organization(s) by name so you 
can answer "Yes" to line 7a. Otherwise, 
you will need to go back to Part X to 
reconsider your public charity status. 
Section III. Organizational Test 
Line la. If you answered "No" to line la, 
you must amend your organizing 
document to specify the supported 
organization(s) by name, purpose, or 
class. Otherwise, you will not meet the 
operational test under section 509(a)(3) 
and you will need to go back to Part X to 
reconsider your public charity status. 
Line lb. If you answered "No" to line tb, 
you must amend your organizing 
document to specify the supported 
organization(s) by name. Otherwise you 
will not meet the operational test under 
section 509(a)(3) and you will need to go 
back to Part X to reconsider your public 
charity status. 
Section IV. Disqualified Person 
Test 
Control. As a section 509(a)(3) 
supporting organization, you may not be 
controlled directly or indirectly by 
disqualified persons. You are controlled If 
disqualified persons can exercise 50% or 
more of the total voting power of your 
governing body. You are also controlled if 
disqualified persons have authority to 
affect significant decisions, such as power 
over your investment decisions, or power 
over your charitable disbursement 
decisions. You are also controlled if 
disqualified persons can exercise veto 
power. Although control is generally 
demonstrated where disqualified persons 
have the authority over your governing 
body to require you to take an action or 
refrain from taking an action, indirect 
control by disqualified persons will also 
disqualify you as a supporting 
organization. 
See the instructions for Part X, 
line 6b(ii) for a description of the term 
"disqualified person." 
A public charity isn't a disqualified 
person. 
A 'foundation manager means your: 
• Officers, directors, or trustees; or 
• An individual having powers or 
responsibilities similar to those of your 
officers, directors, or trustees. 
Line lb. See the instructions for Part V, 
line 2a, for a description of the terms 
-family or business relationship." 
Schedule E. Organizations 
Not Filing Form 1023 
Within 27 Months of 
Formation 
The questions in this schedule will help us 
determine the effective date of exemption 
for an organization that filed its application 
more than 27 months after the end of the 
month in which it was legally formed. 
If you meet exceptions for late filing, your 
exemption under section 501(c)(3) will be 
effective from the date you were legally 
formed. 
If you don't meet any exceptions, your 
exemption under section 501(c)(3) will be 
effective from the date you filed your 
application. 
Line 1. Answer "Yes" If you are a church 
or an association of churches. You should 
have also checked Part X, line 5a, and 
completed Schedule A. If you qualify as a 
church or an association of churches, your 
exemption will be effective from the date 
of your legal formation. 
Answer "Yes" If you are an integrated 
auxiliary of a church. If you qualify as an 
integrated auxiliary of a church, your 
exemption will be effective from the date 
of your legal formation. 
An "integrated auxiliary of a church" 
refers to a class of organizations that are 
related to a church or convention or 
association of churches, but aren't such 
organizations themselves. In general, you 
must: 
• Be described as both tax exempt under 
section 501(c)(3) and a public charity 
described in sections 509(a)(1), (2), or (3); 
and 
• Receive financial support primarily from 
internal church sources as opposed to 
public or governmental sources. 
Men's and women's organizations, 
seminaries, mission societies, and youth 
groups that satisfy the above referenced 
sections 501(c)(3) and 509(a)(1), (2), or 
(3) requirements are considered 
integrated auxiliaries whether or not they 
meet the internal support requirements. 
More guidance as to the types of 
organizations that qualify as integrated 
auxiliaries can be found in Regs. section 
1.6033.2(h). 
Line 2a. Answer 'Yes" if you are a public 
charity and your annual gross receipts are 
normally $5,000 or less. For information 
about whether your annual gross receipts 
are normally $5,000 or less, see Pub. 557. 
-22-
EFTA00812090
--- PAGE 23 ---
If you qualify as an organization with 
annual gross receipts of normally $5,000 
or less, your exemption would be effective 
from the date of your legal formation. 
Answer "No" if you are a private 
foundation, regardless of your gross 
receipts. 
Line 2b. Answer "Yes" if: 
• Your gross receipts were normally less 
than $5,000 for years before your last 
completed tax year, 
• Your gross receipts normally exceeded 
$5,000 for your last completed tax year, 
and 
• You filed this application within 90 days 
from the end of your last completed tax 
year. 
Line 3. Lines 3a, 3b, and 3c are 
applicable to subordinates included in a 
group exemption application. See Pub. 
557 for information regarding group 
exemptions. If you were a subordinate of a 
group exemption that was timely filed and 
you are filing for exemption within 27 
months from the date you were notified by 
the organization holding the group 
exemption letter that either (1) you are no 
longer covered by the group exemption 
letter, or (2) the group exemption request 
was denied, answer "Yes" and don't 
complete the remainder of this schedule. 
Line 4. Answer Yes" if you were formed 
on or before October 9, 1969. If you are a 
corporation, your formation date is the 
date your articles of incorporation were 
filed with and approved by your state 
officials. If you are an association, your 
formation date is the date you adopted 
your organizing document. If you are a 
trust, your formation date is generally the 
date your trust was both adopted and 
funded. 
A 
If you answer "Yes,"don't 
complete the rest of this schedule. 
As an organization formed on or 
before October 9, 1969, your exemption 
would be effective from the date of your 
legal formation. Answer "No" if you were 
formed after October 9, 1969. 
Line 5. You may receive an extension of 
time to file Form 1023 beyond the 
27-month period if you can establish that 
you acted reasonably and in good faith, 
and that granting an extension will not 
prejudice the interests of the government. 
For example, consider the following 
provisions. 
• You filed Form 1023 before we 
discovered your failure to file. 
• You failed to file because of intervening 
events beyond your control. 
• You exercised reasonable diligence but 
you were not aware of the filing 
requirements. (The complexity of your 
filing and experience in these matters is 
taken into consideration.) 
• You reasonably relied on written advice 
from us. 
• You reasonably relied on the advice of 
a qualified tax professional who failed to 
file or advise you to file Form 1023. 
Answer "Yes" if you wish to request an 
extension of time to file under these 
provisions. If you answer 'Yes; describe 
in detail the reasons for filing late based 
on the factors listed above. Don't 
complete the rest of this schedule. 
Answer "No" if you don't wish to 
request an extension under these 
provisions and go to line 6a. 
Line 6a. By checking "Yes," and 
completing Part X, line 6a and/or line 6b, 
you are eligible for a ruling to be classified 
as a public charity from the postmark date 
of your application. 
Line 6b. If you anticipate significant 
changes in your sources of support in the 
future, answer Yes," and we will base 
your qualification for a ruling on the 
financial information you provide in line 7. 
If you check "Yes," complete the financial 
information requested in line 7 of 
Schedule E. 
If you answer "No," we will base your 
qualification for a ruling on the financial 
information you provided in Part IX. If you 
answer "No," don't complete line 7 of 
Schedule E. 
Line 7. Complete projected budgets of 
income for the first two full tax years after 
the date you mailed your Form 1023. See 
the specific instructions for Part IX-A. 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
lines 1 through 13, if you need guidance 
on what to include in the various 
categories. 
Schedule F. Homes for the 
Elderly or Handicapped 
and Low-Income Housing 
Homes for the elderly or handicapped are 
eligible for tax exemption as charitable 
organizations only if they meet the special 
needs of the elderly or handicapped for 
residential facilities designed to meet their 
physical, social, recreation, health care, 
and transportation needs. Homes for the 
elderly or handicapped must also be 
within the financial reach of a significant 
segment of the elderly or handicapped in 
the community. Once admitted to the 
elderly or handicapped housing facility, 
the organization must have an established 
policy to maintain them as residents, to 
the extent possible, even if the residents 
subsequently become unable to pay the 
monthly charges. 
Low-income housing must provide 
affordable housing for a significant 
segment of individuals in your community 
with low incomes. Your housing may serve 
a combination of purposes, such as for 
poor. frail, and elderly persons. 
Section I. General Information 
about Your Housing 
Line 1. The type of housing you provide 
should include both a description of the 
type of facility provided, such as 
apartment complex, condominium, 
cooperative, or private residence, and the 
nature of your facility, such as 
assisted-living facility, continuing-care 
facility, nursing home, low-income facility, 
etc. 
Line 7. See the instructions for Part V, 
line 7a, for a description of the terms arm's 
length and fair market value. 
Line 8. Answer "Yes" if you manage or 
intend to manage your programs through 
your own employees or by using 
volunteers. Answer "No" if you engage or 
intend to engage a separate organization 
or independent contractor. Make sure your 
answer is consistent with the information 
provided in Part VIII, line 7b. 
Line 9. Government programs include 
federal, state, or local government 
programs. 
Section II. Homes for the Elderly or 
Handicapped 
Line 2a. Answer -Yes" if you charge a 
one-time fee for admission to your facility. 
Line 2b. Answer "Yes" if you charge 
daily, weekly, monthly, or annual fees or 
maintenance charges. 
Line 2c. A "community" refers to the area 
that will be served by your facility. For 
example, a community may be a local 
area or a region. 
Line 3a. Describe what happens to 
individuals if they become unable to pay 
your regular charges. For example, you 
may have a policy whereby you have a 
reserve fund for maintaining residents who 
are having trouble in paying their regular 
charges. You may also have a policy of 
keeping residents who are having trouble 
in paying their regular charges in place for 
a period of time to permit them to find 
alternative housing. Include a copy of any 
printed materials that informs the public 
about your policy. 
Line 3b. Describe any arrangements you 
have or expect to have with welfare 
agencies, sponsoring organizations, or 
others to assist residents who become 
unable to afford to remain residents. 
Line 4. Describe how you provide for the 
health care needs of residents, including 
the services provided. This can include 
providing for the activities of daily living of 
residents at your facilities and transporting 
-23-
EFTA00812091
--- PAGE 24 ---
residents to other facilities for medical 
services. 
Line 5. Describe how living units and 
common areas are designed to meet the 
physical needs of residents (such as grab 
bars in bathrooms, wide doorways and 
hallways, design of kitchens and 
bathrooms, etc.). Also, include information 
about facilities and programs designed to 
meet some combination of physical, 
emotional, recreational, social, religious, 
and similar needs of residents. 
Section M. Low-Income Housing 
Line 2. Answer "Yes" if you charge daily, 
weekly, monthly, or annual fees or 
maintenance charges. 
Schedule G. Successors 
to Other Organizations 
You should complete this schedule as a 
successor organization if any of the 
following situations pertain to you. 
• You have taken or will take over the 
activities that were previously conducted 
by another. 
• You have taken or will take over 25% or 
more of the fair market value of the net 
assets of another organization. 
• You were established upon the 
conversion of an organization from 
for-profit to non-profit status. 
The other organization is the predecessor 
organization. You should complete this 
schedule regardless of whether the 
predecessor (other organization) was 
exempt or not exempt from federal income 
tax. 
Line la. For purposes of this schedule, a 
"for-profit" organization is one in which 
persons are permitted to have an 
ownership or partnership interest, such as 
corporate stock. It includes sole 
proprietorships, corporations, and other 
entities that provide for ownership 
interests. 
Schedule H. Organizations 
Providing Scholarships, 
Fellowships, Educational 
Loans, or Other 
Educational Grants to 
Individuals and Private 
Foundations Requesting 
Advance Approval of 
Individual Grant 
Procedures 
Complete this schedule if you provide 
scholarships, fellowships, grants, loans, or 
other distributions to individuals for 
educational purposes. When answering 
the questions on this schedule, you should 
demonstrate how these distributions 
further your exempt purposes. 
Generally, distributions made to 
individuals may advance educational 
purposes if selection is made: 
• In a non-discriminatory fashion in terms 
of racial preference, 
• Based on need and/or merit, and 
• To a charitable class in terms of being 
available to an open-ended group, rather 
than to pre-selected individuals. 
A scholarship or fellowship is tax free to 
the recipient only if he or she is a 
candidate for a degree at an eligible 
educational institution and uses the 
scholarship or fellowship to pay qualified 
education expenses. 
Qualified education expenses include 
tuition and fees; and course-related 
expenses such as books, supplies, and 
equipment. Room and board, travel, 
research, clerical help, and non-required 
equipment aren't qualified education 
expenses. See Pub. 970, Tax Benefits for 
Education, for additional information. 
Selection of individuals using a lottery 
system generally hasn't been approved by 
the IRS. 
Section I 
Line lb. If you have different grant 
programs, describe the purpose and 
amount of each program. 
Line lc. If you award educational loans, 
describe the terms of the loan (for 
example, interest rate, duration, 
forgiveness provision, etc.). Also, describe 
how any other loan institutions are 
involved in your program. 
Line ld. Explain how you will publicize 
your program and whether you publicize to 
the general public or to another group of 
possible recipients. Include specific 
information about the geographic area in 
which your program will be publicized and 
the means you will use, such as through 
newspaper advertisements, school district 
announcements, or community groups. 
Line le. Submit sample copies of your 
solicitation material for applicants or 
materials announcing the awards. If 
solicitation is done orally through school 
counselors or others, explain fully. 
Line 2. Organizations that make grants to 
individuals must maintain adequate 
records and case histories showing the 
name and address of each recipient 
pursuant to Revenue Ruling 56-304, 
1956.2 C.B. 306. If you answer "No," 
explain how you will be able to 
demonstrate that your distributions serve 
exempt purposes. 
Section II 
Line la. Only complete lines la through 
if you are a private foundation based on 
your answers to Part X, line 1 a. Answer 
Yes" if you are a private foundation and 
you are requesting advance approval of 
your grant-making procedures under 
section 4945(g). Answer "No if you are a 
private foundation but don't wish to 
request advance approval of your 
grant-making procedures under section 
4945(g). If you answer "No," the amounts 
you distribute as educational grants 
provided to individuals may be considered 
taxable expenditures under section 4945. 
Answer "N/A" if you are requesting 
public charity status in Part X. 
For more information about advance 
approval of grant-making procedures of a 
private foundation, go to!RS.gov/ 
Advance-Approval-of-Grant-Making-
Procedures. 
Line lb. Check the box for section 
"4945(g)(1)" if your award qualifies as a 
scholarship or fellowship grant that is 
awarded on an objective and 
nondiscriminatory basis and is used for 
study at a school (see the Schedule B for 
what is considered a school). 
Check the box for section "4945(g)(3)" 
if the purpose of your award is to achieve 
a specific objective, produce a report or 
other similar product, or improve or 
enhance a literary, artistic, musical, 
scientific, teaching, or other similar 
capacity, skill, or talent of the recipient. 
Include your educational loan program 
under this section. You may check more 
than one box. 
If your award qualifies as a prize or 
award that is subject to the provisions of 
section 74(b) and your recipient is 
selected from the general public, you don't 
have to request advance approval of your 
grant-making procedures since a prize or 
award isn't subject to the advance 
approval procedure requirements because 
it isn't a grant for travel, study, or other 
similar purposes. See Revenue Rulings 
77-380, 1977-2 C.B. 419; 76-460, 1976.2 
C.B. 371 and 75-393, 1975-2 C.B. 451. 
Line 4. For additional information 
regarding private foundations requesting 
advance approval of individual grant 
procedures, go to 1RS.00v/Advance-
Approval-Of-Grant-Making-Procedures . 
Line 4a Answer "Yes" if you award 
scholarships on a preferential basis 
because you require, as an initial 
qualification, that the individual be an 
employee or be related to an employee of 
a particular employer. 
Line 4c. Answer "N/A" if you don't 
provide scholarships, fellowships, or 
educational loans to employees of a 
particular employer. 
-24-
EFTA00812092
--- PAGE 25 ---
Line 4d. Answer "N/A" if you don't 
provide scholarships, fellowships, or 
educational loans to children of 
employees of a particular employer. 
Line 4e. Answer "N/A" if your answer to 
line 4d is "N/A? 
For purposes of this schedule, a 
program for children of employees 
of a particular employer includes 
children and family members of 
employees. 
Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. We ask for the information on this form to carry out the Internal Revenue laws of the United 
States. If you want your organization to be recognized as tax exempt by the IRS, you are required to give us this information. We need 
it to determine whether the organization meets the legal requirements for tax-exempt status. 
The organization isn't required to provide the information requested on a form that is subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act unless 
the form displays a valid OMB control number. Books or records relating to a form or its instructions must be retained as long as their 
contents may become material in the administration of any Internal Revenue law. The rules governing the confidentiality of the Form 
1023 application are covered in Code section 6104. 
The time needed to complete and file these forms will vary depending on individual circumstances. The estimated average times 
are: 
Recordkeeping 
Learning about the 
Preparing the form 
Copying, assembling, and 
law or the form 
sending the form to the IRS 
Parts Ito XI 
1023 Sch. A 
1023 Sch. B 
1023 Sch. C 
1023 Sch. D 
1023 Sch. E 
1023 Sch. F 
1023 Sch. G 
1023 Sch. H 
hrs. 26 mins. 
hrs. 2 mins. 
hrs. 18 mins. 
hrs. 14 mins. 
hrs. 48 mins. 
hrs. 35 mins. 
hrs. 28 mins. 
hrs. 42 mins. 
hrs. 53 mins. 
hrs. 10 mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
hrs. 9 mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
hrs. 39 mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
hrs. 22 mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
mins. 
Comments and suggestions. If you have comments concerning the accuracy of these time estimates or suggestions for making 
this form simpler, we would be happy to hear from you. You can send us comments from IRS.aoy/FormComments. Or you can write to 
the: 
Internal Revenue Service 
Tax Forms and Publications Division 
1111 Constitution Ave. NW, IR-6526 
Washington, DC 20224 
Don't send the form to this address. Instead, see Where to File earlier. 
Instructions for Form 1023 
-25-
EFTA00812093
--- PAGE 26 ---
Appendix A: Sample Conflict of Interest Policy 
Note. This Sample Conflict of Interest Policy is intended to provide an example of a conflict of interest policy for organizations. The 
sample conflict of interest policy does not prescribe any specific requirements. Therefore, organizations should use a conflict of 
interest policy that best fits their organization. 
Note. Items marked Hospital Insert - for hospitals that complete Schedule C are intended to be adopted by hospitals. 
Article I 
Purtose
The purpose of the conflict of interest policy is to protect this tax-exempt organization's (Organization) interest when it is 
contemplating entering into a transaction or arrangement that might benefit the private interest of an officer or director of the 
Organization or might result in a possible excess benefit transaction. This policy is intended to supplement but not replace any 
applicable state and federal laws governing conflict of interest applicable to nonprofit and charitable organizations. 
Article II 
Definitions 
1. Interested Person 
Any director, principal officer, or member of a committee with governing board delegated powers, who has a direct or indirect 
financial interest, as defined below, is an interested person. 
(Hospital Insert - for hospitals that complete Schedule C 
If a person is an interested person with respect to any entity in the health care system of which the organization is a part, he or she 
is an interested person with respect to all entities in the health care system.) 
2. Financial Interest 
A person has a financial interest if the person has, directly or indirectly, through business, investment, or family: 
a. An ownership or investment interest in any entity with which the Organization has a transaction or arrangement, 
b. A compensation arrangement with the Organization or with any entity or individual with which the Organization has a 
transaction or arrangement. or 
c. A potential ownership or investment interest in, or compensation arrangement with, any entity or individual with which the 
Organization is negotiating a transaction or arrangement. 
Compensation includes direct and indirect remuneration as well as gifts or favors that aren't insubstantial. 
A financial interest isn't necessarily a conflict of interest. Under Article III, Section 2, a person who has a financial interest may have 
a conflict of interest only if the appropriate governing board or committee decides that a conflict of interest exists. 
Article Ill 
Process 
1. Duty to Disclose 
In connection with any actual or possible conflict of interest, an interested person must disclose the existence of the financial 
interest and be given the opportunity to disclose all material facts to the directors and members of committees with governing board 
delegated powers considering the proposed transaction or arrangement. 
2. Determining Whether a Conflict of Interest Exists 
After disclosure of the financial interest and all material facts, and after any discussion with the interested person, he/she shall leave 
the governing board or committee meeting while the determination of a conflict of interest is discussed and voted upon. The 
remaining board or committee members shall decide if a conflict of interest exists. 
3. Procedures for Addressing the Conflict of interest 
a. An interested person may make a presentation at the governing board or committee meeting, but after the presentation, he/ 
she shall leave the meeting during the discussion of, andthe vote on, the transaction or arrangement involving the possible 
conflict of interest. 
b. The chairperson of the governing board or committee shall, if appropriate, appoint a disinterested person or committee to 
investigate alternatives to the proposed transaction or arrangement. 
c. After exercising due diligence, the governing board or committee shall determine whether the Organization can obtain with 
reasonable efforts a more advantageous transaction or arrangement from a person or entity that would not give rise to a conflict 
of interest. 
d. If a more advantageous transaction or arrangement isn't reasonably possible under circumstances not producing a conflict of 
interest, the governing board or committee shall determine by a majority vote of the disinterested directors whether the 
transaction or arrangement is in the Organization's best interest, for its own benefit, and whether it is fair and reasonable. In 
conformity with the above determination it shall make its decision as to whether to enter into the transaction or arrangement. 
4. Violations of the Conflicts of Interest Policy 
a. If the governing board or committee has reasonable cause to believe a member has failed to disclose actual or possible 
conflicts of interest, it shall inform the member of the basis for such belief and afford the member an opportunity to explain the 
alleged failure to disclose. 
b. lf, after hearing the members response and after making further investigation as warranted by the circumstances, the 
governing board or committee determines the member has failed to disclose an actual or possible conflict of interest, it shall 
fake appropriate disciplinary and corrective action. 
-26-
EFTA00812094
--- PAGE 27 ---
Article IV 
RecordsWceedings 
The minutes of the governing board and all committees with board delegated powers shall contain: 
a. The names of the persons who disclosed or otherwise were found to have a financial interest in connection with an actual or 
possible conflict of interest, the nature of the financial interest, any action taken to determine whether a conflict of interest was 
present, and the governing board's or committee's decision as to whether a conflict of interest in fad existed. 
b. The names of the persons who were present for discussions and votes relating to the transaction or arrangement, the 
content of the discussion, including any alternatives to the proposed transaction or arrangement, and a record of any votes 
taken in connection with the proceedings. 
Article V 
Compensation 
a. A voting member of the governing board who receives compensation, directly or indirectly, from the Organization for services 
is precluded from voting on matters pertaining to that members compensation. 
b. A voting member of any committee whose jurisdiction includes compensation matters and who receives compensation, 
directly or indirectly, from the Organization for services is precluded from voting on matters pertaining to that members 
compensation. 
c. No voting member of the governing board or any committee whose jurisdiction includes compensation matters and who 
receives compensation, directly or indirectly, from the Organization, either individually or collectively, is prohibited from 
providing information to any committee regarding compensation. 
(Hospital Insert - for hospitals that complete Schedule C 
d. Physicians who receive compensation from the Organization, whether directly or indirectly or as employees or independent 
contractors, are precluded from membership on any committee whose jurisdiction includes compensation matters. No 
physician, either individually or collectively, is prohibited from providing information to any committee regarding physician 
compensation.) 
Article VI 
Annual Statements 
Each director, principal officer and member of a committee with governing board delegated powers shall annually sign a statement 
which affirms such person: 
a. Has received a copy of the conflicts of interest policy, 
b. Has read and understands the policy, 
c. Has agreed to comply with the policy, and 
d. Understands the Organization is charitable and in order to maintain its federal tax exemption it must engage primarily in 
activities which accomplish one or more of its tax-exempt purposes. 
Article VII 
Periodic Reviews 
To ensure the Organization operates in a manner consistent with charitable purposes and doesn't engage in activities that could 
jeopardize its tax-exempt status, periodic reviews shall be conducted. The periodic reviews shall, at a minimum, include the 
following subjects: 
a. Whether compensation arrangements and benefits are reasonable, based on competent survey information, and the result of 
arm's length bargaining. 
b. Whether partnerships, joint ventures, and arrangements with management organizations conform to the Organization's 
written policies, are properly recorded, reflect reasonable investment or payments for goods and services, further charitable 
purposes and don't result in inurement, impermissible private benefit, or in an excess benefit transaction. 
Article VIII 
Use of Outside Experts 
When conducting the periodic reviews as provided for in Article VII, the Organization may, but need not, use outside advisors. If 
outside experts are used, their use shall not relieve the governing board of its responsibility for ensuring periodic reviews are 
conducted. 
-27-
EFTA00812095
--- PAGE 28 ---
Appendix B: States with Statutory Provisions Satisfying the Requirements of 
Internal Revenue Code Section 508(e) 
The following states have adopted legislation satisfying the requirements of section 508(e) relating to 
private foundation governing instruments. Information derived from Revenue Ruling 75-38, 1975-1 
C.B. 161. 
ALABAMA — except where otherwise provided by a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction or by a provision in the 
private foundation's governing instrument which in either case has been entered or made after October 1, 1971, and 
expressly limits the applicability of State law. 
ALASKA — except for such private foundations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the applicable 
sections of Alaska law don't apply to them. 
ARKANSAS — except for such private foundations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the 
applicable sections of Arkansas law don't apply to them and except in the case of trusts where otherwise provided by decree 
of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
CALIFORNIA — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
COLORADO — with respect to trusts that are private foundations except where otherwise provided by a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
CONNECTICUT — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
DELAWARE —except for such private foundations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the 
applicable sections of Delaware law don't apply to them. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA — except for such corporations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the 
applicable sections of District of Columbia law don't apply to them and except in the case of trusts where otherwise provided 
by a court of competent jurisdiction. (For purposes of this statute, corporations include corporations organized under any Act 
of Congress applicable to the District of Columbia as well as corporations organized under the laws of the District of 
Columbia.) 
FLORIDA — except for such trusts which file a proper election not to be subject to the applicable provisions of Florida law 
and for such corporations as to which a court of competent jurisdiction has otherwise determined. 
GEORGIA — except for such private foundations which file a proper election not to be subject to such law. 
HAWAII — no exceptions. 
IDAHO — except for such private foundations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the applicable 
sections of Idaho law don't apply to them. 
ILLINOIS — except for such corporations which have express provisions to the contrary in their articles of incorporation and 
except for trusts where it is otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
INDIANA — except where otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction with respect to private foundations 
organized before January 1, 1970. 
IOWA — except for such private foundations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the applicable 
sections of Iowa law don't apply to them. 
KANSAS — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
KENTUCKY — except, with respect to corporations in existence on July 1, 1972, to the extent that such a corporation 
provides to the contrary by amendment to its articles of incorporation adopted after July 1, 1972, and, with respect to trusts in 
existence on July 1, 1972, where action is properly commenced on or before December 31, 1972, in a court of competent 
jurisdiction to excuse the trust from compliance with the requirements of section 508(e) of the Code. 
LOUISIANA — except for such private foundations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the applicable 
sections of Louisiana law don't apply to them. 
MAINE — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
MARYLAND — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
MASSACHUSETTS — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
MICHIGAN — with respect to trusts that are private foundations except for such private foundations which file a notice of 
inconsistency under Michigan law. 
-28-
EFTA00812096
--- PAGE 29 ---
MINNESOTA — except for private foundations that have been held by a court of competent jurisdiction not to be affected by 
such State statute. 
MISSISSIPPI — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
MISSOURI — except for private foundations that have been held by a court of competent jurisdiction not to be affected by 
such State statute. 
MONTANA — except in the case of trusts where otherwise provided by court decree entered after March 28, 1974, and 
except in the case of a corporation which has an express provision to the contrary in its articles of incorporation. 
NEBRASKA — except for such trusts which effectively elect to be excluded from the applicable sections of Nebraska law, for 
such corporations which have governing instruments expressly providing to the contrary, and except as a court of competent 
jurisdiction has otherwise determined in any given case. 
NEVADA — no exceptions. 
NEW HAMPSHIRE — except where it is otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
NEW JERSEY — except for such private foundations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the 
applicable sections of New Jersey law don't apply to them. 
NEW YORK — except where such law conflicts with any mandatory direction of an instrument by which assets were 
transferred prior to June 1, 1971, and such conflicting direction hasn't been removed legally. 
NORTH CAROLINA — except for such private foundations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the 
applicable sections of North Carolina law don't apply to them and except for trusts that have their governing instruments 
reformed by a decree of the Superior Court of North Carolina. 
NORTH DAKOTA — with respect to trusts that are private foundations except where otherwise provided by a court of 
competent jurisdiction. 
OHIO — except in the case of trusts where it is provided otherwise by a court of competent jurisdiction and except in the 
case of corporations in existence on September 17, 1971, which expressly adopt contrary provisions in their governing 
instruments after September 17, 1971. 
OKLAHOMA — except for such private foundations which file a proper election not to be subject to such law. 
OREGON — no exceptions. 
PENNSYLVANIA — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
RHODE ISLAND — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
SOUTH CAROLINA — except for private foundations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the 
applicable sections of South Carolina law don't apply to them. 
SOUTH DAKOTA— except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
TENNESSEE — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
TEXAS — except for such private foundations which file a proper election not to be subject to such law. 
UTAH — with respect to trusts that are private foundations except where otherwise provided by a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
VERMONT — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
VIRGINIA —except for private foundations whose governing instruments contain express provisions to the contrary or which 
have filed a proper election not to be subject to such law. 
WASHINGTON — except for such private foundations which expressly provide in their governing instruments that the 
applicable sections of Washington law don't apply to them. 
WEST VIRGINIA — with respect to trusts that are private foundations except for such trusts which provide in their governing 
instruments that the applicable sections of West Virginia law don't apply to them. 
WISCONSIN — except as may otherwise be provided by decree of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
WYOMING — except where otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
-29-
EFTA00812097
--- PAGE 30 ---
Appendix C: Glossary of Terms 
Adjusted net income (for Schedule D) 
Affiliated 
Arm's length 
Authorized representative 
Bingo 
Business relationships 
Bylaws 
Certification of filing 
Adjusted net income includes: gross income from any unrelated trade or 
business; gross income from functionally related businesses; interest 
payments received on loans; amounts received or accrued as repayments 
of amounts taken as qualifying distributions for any tax year, amounts 
received or accrued from the sale or other disposition of property to the 
extent acquisition of the property was treated as a qualifying distribution 
for any tax year; any amounts set aside for a specific project to the extent 
the full set aside was not necessary for the project; interest on govemment 
obligations normally excluded under section 103 of the Code; net 
short-term capital gains on sale or other disposition of properly; and 
income received from an estate if the estate is considered terminated for 
income tax purposes because of a prolonged administration period. 
It doesn't include: gifts, grants, and contributions received; long-term 
capital gains or losses; net section 1231 gains; capital gain dividends; the 
excess of fair market value over adjustedbasis of property distributed to 
the U.S. or a possession or political subdivision, a State or its political 
subdivision, a charitable trust, or corporation for public purposes; or 
income received from an estate during the administration period. 
In computing adjusted net income, deduct the following: ordinary and 
necessary expenses paid or incurred for the production or collection of 
gross income, or for the management, conservation, or collection of gross 
income (includes operating expenses such as compensation of officers, 
employee wages and salanes, interest, rent, and taxes); straight-line 
depreciation and depletion (not percentage depletion); and expenses and 
interest paid or incurred to carry tax-exempt obligations. Don't deduct net 
short-term capital losses for the year in which they occur (these losses 
cannot be carried back or carried over to earlier or later tax years); the 
excess of expenses for property used for exempt purposes over the 
income received from the property; charitable contributions made by you; 
net operating losses; and special deductions for corporations. 
Created by, controlled by, or closely related to a governmental unit, 
including a State a possession of the United States, or any political 
subdivision of a State or a possession of the United States, or the United 
States, or the District of Columbia. 
A transaction between parties having adverse (or opposing) interests; 
where none of the participants are in a position to exercise substantial 
influence over the transaction because of business or family 
relationship(s) with more than one of the parties. 
By submitting Form 2848, an attorney or certified public accountant who is 
permitted to represent you before us regarding your application for 
tax-exempt status. 
A game of chance played with cards that are generally printed with 5 rows 
of 5 squares each, on which participants place markers to form a 
pre-selected pattern to win the game. Bingo is gambling. 
Employment and contractual relationships, and common ownership of a 
business where any officers, directors, or trustees, individually or together, 
possess more than a 35% ownership interest in common. Ownership 
means voting power in a corporation, profits interest in a partnership, or 
beneficial interest in a trust. 
The intemal rules and regulations of an organization. 
Articles of incorporation for your organization showing evidence that on a 
specific date they were filed with and approved by an appropriate state 
authority. 
-30-
EFTA00812098
--- PAGE 31 ---
Charitable risk pool 
Close connection 
An organization described in section 501(n), which is organized and 
operated to pool insurable risks (other than medical malpractice) of its 
section 501(c)(3) members. 
A relationship between organizations that may include control of one 
organization by another through common governance or through authority 
to approve budgets or expenditures; coordination of operations as to 
facilities, programs, employees, or other activities; or common persons 
exercising substantial influence over all of the organizations. 
Common control 
You and one or more other organizations have (1) a majority of your 
governing boards or officers appointed or elected by the same 
organizafion(s), or (2) a majonty of your governing boards or officers 
consist of the same individuals. Common control also occurs when you 
and one or more commonly controlled organizations have a majority 
ownership interest in a corporation, partnership, or trust. Ownership 
means voting power in a corporation, profits interest in a partnership, or 
beneficial interest in a trust. 
Community 
The local or regional geographic area to be served by an organization. 
Compensation 
All forms of income from working, including salary or wages; deferred 
compensation; retirement benefits, whether in the form of a qualified or 
non-qualified employee plan (for example: pensions or annuities); fringe 
benefits (for example: personal vehicle, meals, lodging, personal and 
family educational benefits, low interest loans, payment of personal travel, 
entertainment, or other expenses, athletic or country club membership, 
and personal use of your property); and bonuses. 
Conflict of interest policy 
A conflict of interest arises when a person in a position of authority over an 
organization, such as a director, officer, or manager, may benefit 
personally from a decision he or she could make. A conflict of interest 
policy consists of a set of procedures to follow to avoid the possibility that 
those in positions of authority over an organization may receive an 
inappropriate benefit. 
Controlled by disqualified persons 
As a section 509(a)(3) supporting organization, you may not be controlled 
directly or indirectly by disqualified persons. You are controlled if 
disqualified persons can exercise 50% or more of the total voting power of 
your governing body. You are also controlled if disqualified persons have 
authority to affect significant decisions, such as power over your 
investment decisions, or power over your charitable disbursement 
decisions. You are also controlled if disqualified persons can exercise 
veto power. Although control is generally demonstrated where disqualified 
persons have the authority over your governing body to require you to take 
an action or refrain from taking an action, indirect control by disqualified 
persons will also disqualify you as a supporting organization. 
Cooperative hospital service 
An organization described in section 501(e) is organized and operated on 
organization 
a cooperative basis to provide its section 501(c)(3) hospital members one 
or more of the following activities: data processing, purchasing (including 
purchasing insurance on a group basis), warehousing, billing and 
collection (including purchasing patron accounts receivable on a recourse 
basis), food, clinical, industrial engineering, laboratory, printing, 
communications, record center, and personnel (including selecting, 
testing, training, and educating personnel) services. 
Cooperative service organization of 
An organization described in section 501(f) is organized and operated to 
operating educational organizations 
provide investment services to its members. Those members must be 
organizations described in section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii) or (iv), and either tax 
exempt under section 501(a) or whose income is excluded from taxation 
under section 115(a). 
Corporation 
An entity organized under a Federal or state statute, or a statute of a 
federally recognized Indian tribal or Alaskan native government. 
-31-
EFTA00812099
--- PAGE 32 ---
Develop 
Disqualified person 
Earmark 
Economic development 
Elderly housing 
Expenses 
Fair market value 
Family 
Foreign country 
For-profit 
Foundation manager 
Fundraising 
Develop means the planning, financing, construction, or provision of 
similar services involved in the acquisition of real property, such as land or 
a building. 
Any individual or organization that is any of the following. 
a. A substantial contributor to you (see Substantial contributor). 
b. An officer, director, trustee, or any other individual who has similar 
powers or responsibilities. 
c. An individual who owns more than 20% of the total combined voting 
power of a corporation that is a substantial contributor to you. 
d. An individual who owns more than 20% of the profits interest of a 
partnership that is a substantial contributor to you. 
e. An individual who owns more than 20% of the beneficial interest of a 
trust or estate that is a substantial contributor to you. 
f. A member of the family of any individual described in a, b, c, d, or e 
above. 
g. A corporation in which any individuals described in a, b, c, d, e, or f 
above hold more than 35% of the total combined voting power. 
h. A trust or estate in which any individuals described in a, b, c, d, e, or 
f above hold more than 35% of the beneficial interests. 
i. A partnership in which any individuals described a, b, c, d, e, or f 
above hold more than 35% of the profits interest. 
Donations or other contributions given to you to assist particular 
individuals or specific identified groups. 
Organizations formed to combat community deterioration by assisting 
businesses located in a particular geographic area whose economy is 
economically depressed or deteriorating. Economic development 
activities include grants, loans, provision of information and expertise, or 
creation of industrial parks. Economic development organizations may 
also be formed to eliminate prejudice and discrimination or lessen the 
burdens of government through involvement with business development. 
Generally, the primary beneficiaries of the tax-exempt housing are age 62 
and older. The elderly are treated as appropriate charitable beneficiaries 
for certain purposes regardless of socio-economic status because, as a 
group, they face many barriers to their basic needs as they age. The 
elderly, as a class, face forms of distress other than financial, such as the 
need for suitable housing; physical and mental health care; civic, cultural, 
and recreational activities; and an overall environment conducive to 
dignity and independence. 
Financial burdens or outlays, costs (of doing business), and business 
outlays chargeable against revenues. For purposes of this form, expenses 
mean direct and indirect expenses. 
The price at which property or the right to use property would change 
hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller, neither being under any 
compulsion to buy, sell, or transfer property or the right to use property, 
and both having reasonable knowledge of relevant facts. 
Includes an individual's spouse, ancestors, children, grandchildren, great-
grandchildren, siblings (whether by whole or half blood), and the spouses 
of children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and siblings. 
A country other than the United States, its territories and possessions, and 
the District of Columbia. 
A business entity whose activities are conducted or maintained to make a 
profit (e.g. revenues greater than expenses). 
Officer; directors, or trustees, or an individual having powers or 
responsibilities similar to those of a foundation's officers, directors, or 
trustees. 
The organized activity of raising funds, whether by volunteers, employees, 
or paid independent contractors. 
-32-
EFTA00812100
--- PAGE 33 ---
Gainfully employed 
Employed or actively looking for work. 
Gaming 
The term gaming includes activities such as Bingo, Beano, lotteries, 
pull-tabs, pari-mutuel betting, Calcutta wagering, pickle jars, punch 
boards, tip boards, tip jars, certain video games, 21, raffles, keno, 
split-the-pot, and other games of chance. 
Gross investment income 
As defined in section 509, gross investment income means the gross 
amount of income from interest, dividends, payments with respect to 
securities loans, rents, and royalties; but not including any such income to 
the extent included in computing the tax imposed by section 511. 
Gross receipts 
For purposes of Part IX-A. Statement of Revenues and Expenses, gross 
receipts includes monies earned from activities related to your chantable 
or other section 501(c)(3) activities, such as selling admissions or 
merchandise, performing services, or furnishing facilities. 
Handicapped 
Persons with physical or mental disabilities with special needs for suitable 
housing; physical and mental health care; civic, cultural, and recreational 
activities; transportation; and an overall environment conducive to dignity 
and independence. 
Hospital 
Hospital or medical care includes the treatment of any physical or mental 
disability or condition, whether on an inpatient or outpatient basis. A 
hospital includes the following. 
a. Hospitals and rehabilitation institutions, outpatient clinics, or 
community mental health or drug treatment centers if the principal 
purpose or function is the providing of medical or hospital care or 
medical education or research. 
b. Medical research organizations, if the principal purpose or function 
is the continuous active conduct of medical research in conjunction 
with a hospital. 
Independent contractors 
Persons who aren't treated as employees for employment tax purposes. 
Influence legislation 
The act of directly contacting or urging the public to contact members of a 
legislative body for the purpose of proposing, supporting, or opposing 
legislation. You are also attempting to influence legislation it you advocate 
the adoption or rejection of legislation. 
Intellectual property 
A type of property (distinct from real or personal property) including the 
following. 
a. Patents (for inventions). 
b. Copyrights (for literary and artistic works such as novels, poems, 
plays, films, musical works, drawings, paintings, photographs, 
sculptures, architectural designs, performances, recordings, film, and 
radio or television programs). 
c. Trade names, trade marks, and service marks (for symbols, names, 
images, and designs). 
d. Formulas, know-how, and trade secrets. 
Joint ventures 
A legal agreement in which the parties jointly undertake a transaction for 
mutual profit. Generally, each person contributes assets and shares risks. 
Like a partnership, joint ventures can involve any type of business 
transaction and the "persons" involved can be individuals, groups of 
individuals, companies, or corporations. 
Limited liability company 
A limited liability company (LLC) is a business entity organized in the 
United States under state law. Generally, an LLC may be classified for 
federal income tax purposes as a partnership, corporation, or an entity 
disregarded as separate from its owner by applying the rules in 
Regulations section 301.7701-3. However, an LLG that has been 
determined to be, or claims to be, exempt from taxation under section 
501(a) is treated as having made an election to be classified as a 
corporation under Regulations section 301.7701-3(c)(1)(v). 
Low-income housing 
Rental or ownership housing provided to persons based on financial need. 
Mailing address 
Address where you wish all correspondence to be sent. 
Manage 
Manage means to direct or administer. 
-33-
EFTA00812101
--- PAGE 34 ---
Medical care 
The treatment of any physical or mental disability or condition, whether on 
an inpatient or outpatient basis. 
Medical research organization 
An organization whose principal purpose or function is the continuous 
active conduct of medical research in conjunction with a hospital. 
Net income (for Schedule D) 
See Adjusted net income. 
Non-fixed payments 
A non-fixed payment means a payment that depends on discretion. For 
example, a bonus of up to $100,000 that is based on an evaluation of 
performance by the governing board is a non-fixed payment because the 
governing body has discretion over whether the bonus is paid and the 
amount of the bonus. 
Organizing document 
The organizing document depends on the form of the organization. For a 
corporation, the document is the articles of incorporation. For an LLC the 
document is the articles of organization. For an unincorporated 
association, the document is the articles of association or constitution. The 
organizing document of a trust is the trust agreement. 
Political 
You participate in a political campaign if you promote or oppose, through 
political literature, brochures, pamphlets, hosting or participating in events, 
etc., the candidacy of an individual for public office. Debates and 
nonpartisan voter education aren't considered political. 
Predecessor 
An organization whose activities or assets were taken over by another 
organization. 
Private foundations 
Organizations that are exempt under section 501(c)(3) are private 
foundations unless they are churches, schools, hospitals, governmental 
units, entities that undertake testing for public safety, organizations that 
have broad financial support from the general public, or organizations that 
support one or more other organizations that are themselves classified as 
public charities. 
Private operating foundation 
A type of private foundation that lacks general public support, but makes 
qualifying distributions directly for the active conduct of its educational, 
charitable, and religious purposes. "Directly for the active conduct" means 
that the distributions are used by the foundation itself to carry out the 
programs for which it is organized and operated. Grants made to assist 
other organizations or individuals are normally considered indirect. 
Public charity 
Organizations that are exempt under section 501(c)(3) and aren't private 
foundations because they are churches, schools, hospitals, governmental 
units, entities that undertake testing for public safety, organizations that 
have broad financial support from the general public, or organizations that 
support one or more other organizations that are themselves classified as 
public charities. Public charity status is a more favorable tax status than 
private foundation status. 
Reasonable compensation 
Reasonable compensation is the amount that would ordinarily be paid for 
like services by like organizations under like circumstances as of the date 
the compensation arrangement is made. Reasonable compensation is 
important because excessive benefits in the form of compensation to 
disqualified persons may result in the imposition of excise taxes and 
jeopardize the organization's tax-exempt status. 
Related 
The family or business relationships between persons. 
-34-
EFTA00812102
--- PAGE 35 ---
Relationship 
Revenue 
Revenue Procedure 
Revenue Ruling 
SS-4 
School 
Similarly situated 
Substantial contributor 
Successor 
Trust 
Unincorporated association 
Unusual grants 
A relationship between you and the recipient organization includes the 
following situations. 
a. You control the organization or it controls you through common 
officers, directors, or trustees, or through authority to approve budgets 
or expenditures. 
b. You and the organization were created at approximately the same 
time and by the same persons. 
c. You and the organization operate in a coordinated manner with 
respect to facilities, programs, employees, or other activities. 
d. Persons who exercise substantial influence over you also exercise 
substantial influence over the other organization. 
Revenue means gross revenue amounts. 
An official statement of a procedure published in the IRS Cumulative 
Bulletin that either affects the rights or duties of taxpayers or other 
members of the public under the Internal Revenue Code and related 
statutes, treaties, and regulations or, although not necessarily affecting the 
rights and duties of the public, should be a matter of public knowledge. 
An official interpretation by the IRS of the Internal Revenue laws and 
related statutes, treaties, and regulations, that has been published in the 
Cumulative Bulletin. Revenue Rulings are issued only by the National 
Office and are published for the information and guidance of taxpayers, 
IRS officials, and others concerned. 
Application for Employer Identification Number. 
A school is an educational organization whose primary function is the 
presentation of formal instruction and which normally maintains a regular 
faculty and curriculum and normally has a regularly enrolled body of pupils 
or students in attendance at the place where its educational activities are 
regularly carried on. A school may include the following. 
a. Primary, secondary, preparatory, or high school. 
b. College or university. 
c. Trade or technical school. 
d. Nursery or preschool. 
e. School that you operate as an activity, such as school that is 
operated as an activity of a museum, historical society, or church. 
Similarly situated organizations means tax-exempt or taxable 
organizations of a comparable size, purpose, and resources. 
Any individual or organization that gave more than $5,000 to you from the 
date you were formed or other date that your exemption would be 
effective, to the end of the year in which the contributions were received. 
This total amount contributed must also be more than 2% of all the 
contributions you received. A creator of a trust is treated as a substantial 
contributor regardless of the amount contributed. 
An organization that took over: 
a. More than a negligible amount of the activities that were previously 
conducted by another organization, 
b. 25% or more of the fair market value of the net assets of another 
organization, or 
c. Was established upon the conversion of an organization from 
for-profit to non-profit status. 
A trust is an entity that may be formed by a trust agreement or declaration 
of trust. A trust may also be formed through a will. 
An unincorporated association formed under state law must have at least 
two members who have signed a written document for a specifically 
defined purpose. 
Substantial contributions and bequests from disinterested persons that by 
their size adversely affect classification as a public charity. They are: 
a. Unusual, 
b. Unexpected, and 
c. Received from an unrelated party. 
-35-
EFTA00812103
--- PAGE 36 ---
Index 
A 
Adjusted net income 22 
Affiliated 10 
Annual filing requirements 5 
Annual returns for foreign 
organizations 6 
Answers 3 
Appendix: 
Glossary of terms 36 
Sample conflict of interest 
policy 26 
States with statutory 
provisions satisfying the 
requirements of section 
508(e) 28 
Application for exemption: 
Expedite requests 3 
Group exemption 3 
Language and currency 
requirements 3 
Leaving a group 
exemption 3 
Past, present and planned 
activities 3 
Purpose 3 
User fee 3 
Application package 
assembly 4 
Arm's length 9 
Articles of Incorporation 7 
Articles of organization 7 
Assistance 4 
Attachments 4 
Authorized representative 7 
B 
Business relationships 9 
Bylaws Z 
C 
Canadian organizations 6 
Certification of filing 7 
Charitable risk pool 12 
Church 17 
Prescribed course of 
study 17 
Common control 9 
Ownership 9 
Compensation: 
Definition 8 
Conflict of interest 9 
Conflict of interest policy 9 
Cooperative hospital service 
organization 12 
Corporation: 
Articles of Incorporation 7 
Certification of filing 7 
D 
Definitions: 
Adjusted net Income 22 
Affiliated 10 
Arm's length 9 
Authorized 
representative 7 
Bingo 19 
Business relationships 9 
Bylaws 7 
Charitable 8 
Church 15, 17 
Common control 9 
Compensation 8 
Conflict of interest 9 
Cooperative hospital 
service organization 12 
Corporation 7 
Directly for the active 
conduct 15 
Disqualified person 16 
Elderly housing 12 
Fair market value 9 
Family relationships 9 
Fixed payment 9 
Foreign county 11 
For-profit organization 24 
Foundation manager 22 
Fundraising 10 
Handicapped housing 12 
Hospital 19 
Hospital or medics care 12 
Influence legislation 10 
Intellectual property 11 
Joint venture 11 
Legislation 2 
Low-income housing 12 
Medical research 19 
Medical research 
organization 19 
Non-fixed payment 9 
Reasonable 
compensation 9 
School 12, 18 
Similarly situated 9 
Substantial contributor 16 
Successor 10 
Unusual grants 13 
Disqualified person 16 
Dissolution clause: 
Testamentary charitable 
trust 8 
Distribution of assets at 
dissolution 8 
State laws 8 
E 
Economic development 11 
EIN (See Employer 
identification number) 
Elderly housing 12 
Employer Identification 
number 6 
Expedite requests 3 
F 
Facts and circumstances 
test 16 
Fair market value 9 
Family relationships 9 
Filing assistance 4 
Fixed payment 9 
Foreign country 11 
Foreign organizations 6,11 
Annual returns 6 
Canadian organizations 6 
General 6 
United States territories and 
possessions 
organizations 6 
Virgin Island 
organizations 6 
Form 2848 4 
Form 5768 10 
Form 8821 5 
For-profit organization 24 
Foundation manager 22 
Fundraising 10 
G 
Gainfully employed 11 
Gaming activities 10 
Glossary of terms 30 
Group exemption 3 
Leaving a group 
exemption 3 
H 
Handicapped housing 12 
Homes for the elderly or 
handicapped 23 
Community 23 
Hospital 19 
Conflict of interest 
policy 20 
Hospital or medical care 12 
How to answer 3 
Independent contractors 9 
Influence legislation 10 
Integrated auxiliary of a 
church 22 
Intellectual property 11 
J 
Joint venture 11 
L 
Language and currency 
requirements 3 
Leaving a group exemption 3 
Legislation 2 
Definition 2 
Form 5768 2 
Legislative activity 2 
Election to influence 
legislation 2 
Limited liability company 7 
LLC (See Limited liability 
company) 
Low-income housing 12, 23 
M 
Mailing address 6 
Medical research 19 
Medical research 
organization 19 
Month and annual accounting 
period 7 
NASCO 2 
Non-fixed payment 9 
O 
Operated 2 
Qualification 2 
Operating document 7 
Organization's website 7 
Organizational structure 7 
Organized 2 
Influence legislation 2 
Legislative activity 2 
Qualification 2 
Organizing document 2 
Dissolution clause 8 
Purpose clause 8 
Required provisions 8 
Substitute articles of 
incorporation 7 
Unincorporated 
association 7 
p 
Past, present and planned 
activities 3 
Political campaign 
intervention 2 
Predecessor 24 
Primary contact person 7 
Private foundations 2, 12, 
Private operating 
foundations 15 
Public charities 2 
Public charities and private 
foundations 2 
Public inspection 5 
Public support test 16 
Purpose clause: 
Charitable 8 
O 
Qualification: 
Operated 2 
Organized 2 
Political campaign 
intervention 2 
Qualifications 2 
R 
Reasonable compensation 9 
Related 9 
Representation 4 
Form 2848 4 
Form 8821 5 
S 
Sample conflict of interest 
policy 26 
Scholarships, fellowships, 
grants, loans 24 
School 12,18 
Operational information 18 
Racially nondiscriminatory 
policy 18 
-36-
EFTA00812104
--- PAGE 37 ---
Section 501(c)(3) organization: 
Eligibility 1 
Private foundations 2 
Public charities 2 
Public charities and private 
foundations 2 
Qualifications 2 
Section 509(a)(3) 
organization 21 
Signature 4 
Similarly situated 
organizations 9 
Statement of revenue and 
expenses 12 
State registration: 
NASCO 2 
States with section 508(e) 
provisions 28 
States with statutory provisions 
satisfying the requirements 
of section 508(e) 28 
Substantial contributor 16 
Successor 10,24 
Supporting organization 21 
T 
Tax-exempt status: 
Form 1023 3 
Trust 7 
Non-charitable interests 7 
Will 7 
U 
Unincorporated association 7 
United States territories and 
possessions 6 
Unusual grants 13,16 
User fee 3, 17 
V 
Virgin Island organizations 6 
What to file: 
Required schedules 4 
When to file 4 
Where to file 4 
-37-
EFTA00812105

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812106.pdf
----------------------------------------
iMac Pro setup 
I have installed the base software, created a new user account for JEE and set up the backup for 
this new machine. You need only to copy over the data from the previous computer and 
connect the backup drive to the network that the new computer will be on. 
1. Plug the WD MyCloud Backup Drive that corresponds to the computer you're setting up 
into the network somewhere. (Hidden away, off the main switch, on the same subnet as 
the computer is best.) 
2. Boot the OLD computer into Target disk Mode by opening System Preferences > Startup 
Disk & clicking "Target Disk Mode..." (Entering the admin password when prompted). 
3. Connect the Thunderbolt 2 cable to the old computer, attach the Thunderbolt 3 adapter 
to it, and plug the Thunderbolt 3 side into the new computer. 
4. Startup the new computer and log in as user JEE / password eclipse 
5. Copy the contents of the Desktop, Documents, Music, & Pictures folders from JEE's 
home folder on the old machine into the corresponding folders on the new machine. 
Enter admin password as required. 
6. Copy any other loose files and folders from the old home folder. (Do a cursory check for 
stray files / folders on the root of the Hard Drive and in the Applications folder as well, 
and move those into the new home folder.) 
7. Join the new machine to the WiFi network & install the printer drivers as needed. 
8. Attach the enclosed USB Optical Audio adapter if needed for speakers. 
EFTA00812106

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812107.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pa
••• 
..1 
_ 
; 
: 
'. 
t :... , . 
... .. 
,-
.....• 
. ..•,. 4,...
wo.... 
• 
. 
'e, 
• • 
_ 
• . 
t z: : . • - .,. ...... 
..fir
4-::-..7: irs...:>. 
ca, 
..:.4.-....:- • 
..._ , Tit :t.a?:. 
.1...-r.s
.- 
V413. 6:: .1-.7crs.-s...?
A • --....str---':•:::::. 
... . 
• • 
' -... 
34,0•
••• . 
.4 ••:, •,, 
••,. • ••••••••••• 
-
•
•
*a-
•
•
•
• • 
. 
••••••• . • 
• - 
•
••••-. 
•-• 
• 
•
Invesco Global Sovereign Asset Management Study 
2017 
This study is not intended for members of the public or retail investors. 
• 
Full audience information is available inside the front cover. 
•• 
r 
: 
7.r.2 
ll'esb 
..? 
•••:* 
•-•••••• 
.• 
-• • 
. 
•: • 
; 
4114 
• 
• a' 
• 
• 
; 
• 
• . .. 
‘,./` 
• 
• 
_At t. 
— • .1-
aar 
— 0.4e: 
• 
""PlI 
••• 
• 
, 
`. 
a 
a 
'
,
2"3 
" 
. • 
- • 
". 
- •-• • • 
* 
• , 
•a, 
:••P 
• 
p
le 
.—•••••• 
•••• 
•• • "••:. 
• 
Pp. 
• 
I
EFTA00812107
--- PAGE 2 ---
Important information 
This document is intended only for Professional 
Clients and Financial Advisers in Continental Europe 
(as defined in the important information); for 
Qualified Investors in Switzerland; for Professional 
Clients in, Dubai, Jersey, Guernsey, Isle of Man, 
Ireland and the UK, for Institutional Investors in 
the United States and Australia, for Institutional 
Investors and/or Accredited Investors in Singapore, 
for Professional Investors only in Hong Kong, for 
Qualified Institutional Investors, pension funds and 
distributing companies in Japan; for Wholesale 
Investors (as defined in the Financial Markets Conduct 
Act) in New Zealand, for accredited investors as 
defined under National Instrument 45-106 in Canada, 
for certain specific Qualified Institutions/Sophisticated 
Investors only in Taiwan and for one-on-one use with 
Institutional Investors in Bermuda, Chile, Panama 
and Peru. 
Cover 
Aerial view of Midtown 
South. New York 
EFTA00812108
--- PAGE 3 ---
Introduction 
We published our first report on the sovereign 
asset management industry in 2013 following 
interviews with 43 sovereign investors. This year 
marks our fifth annual study with evidence-based 
findings based predominantly on face-to-face 
interviews with 97 leading sovereign wealth funds, 
state pension funds and central banks with assets 
in excess of US$12 trillion. 
Over the past five years we've noted a number 
of factors influencing sovereigns such as low 
interest rates, the falling oil price and reduced 
funding. This year however we note geopolitical 
shocks in developed markets are shaping decision 
making. When coupled with uncertainty over the 
end of quantitative easing, the commencement 
of quantitative tightening and ongoing volatility 
in currencies and commodities it's clear sovereign 
investors are faced with a challenging macroeconomic 
and therefore investment environment. 
The first theme in this year's report addresses 
the aforementioned factors and notes a continuing 
return gap between target and actual returns with 
asset deployment challenges limiting the ability for 
sovereigns to match strategic asset allocation targets. 
We note sovereigns are increasingly looking to evolve 
their business models through internalisation or 
investment partnerships to reduce management 
costs and improve placement efficiency. 
Geopolitical risks have led to an increased 
concentration on perceived 'safe haven' international 
markets such as the US, India and Germany as well 
as an increasing focus on home market allocations 
in an effort to reduce foreign currency exposure. 
We focus on real estate in our third theme, 
highlighting accelerated growth in the asset class. 
We examine the drivers for these allocations as well as 
setting out how and where assets are being deployed. 
Despite sovereigns being well placed to implement 
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
strategies due to their size and long-term orientation, 
the uptake of ESG practices by sovereigns appears 
to have varying success. We highlight sovereigns' 
polarised perspectives on ESG investing across 
various regions. 
We conclude with a theme focused on central 
banks. This year we have expanded and segmented 
our central bank sample to understand differences 
in strategy and pace of change with respect to 
investment trenches across developed and 
emerging markets. 
We hope the unique, evidence-based findings 
in this year's report provide a valuable insight into 
a fascinating and important group of investors. 
Alexander Millar 
Head of EMEA Sovereigns 8 Middle East 
and Africa Institutional Sales 
alexander.millarginvesco.com 
+44 1491 416180 
Key themes 
Shift from investment strategy to business model 
The gap between target and actual portfolio returns 
along with declines in investment commitments are 
reshaping sovereigns' strategic agendas. 
Increasing appeal of perceived 'safe haven' markets 
Geopolitical uncertainty is leading to a focus on 
perceived 'safe haven' international markets and 
home markets. 
Attraction to real estate for matching and 
flexible participation 
Sovereigns are increasing allocations to high-quality 
direct real estate given perceived return, matching 
and flexibility attributes. 
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
growth dependent on performance data 
Perspectives on ESG are polarised with supporters 
moving to further embed and integrate ESG in 
investment processes while non-supporters wait 
for evidence of investment implications. 
Central bank risk appetite driven by financial 
market exposure 
Central bank investment priorities and risk 
appetite vary according to the size of the country's 
reserves and to the level of exposure to financial 
market shocks. 
igsams.invesco.com 
to view more content 
on this year's themes 
EFTA00812109
--- PAGE 4 ---
Sovereign segmentation is crucial to understanding 
attitudes and responses to external themes 
Economic challenges affect sovereigns differently, 
according to their liabilities, risk appetites, funding 
dynamics and other factors. We use the framework 
in figure 1 to categorise sovereign investors. We will 
explore the unique implications of the themes in 
this report for each of these segments. 
Fig 1. Sovereign profile segmentation 
Primary objective 
Global sovereign profile 
Sovereign investors 
Investment sovereigns 
Investment sovereigns do not have any liabilities, 
allowing for long time horizons and high exposure to 
illiquid asset classes. Due to this investment freedom, 
return targets are high - investment sovereigns have 
responded to falling returns by targeting greater 
illiquid asset exposure (to generate higher returns) 
and developing internal management capability 
(to capture more of the value chain), however many 
funds are reaching limits on these allocations. 
Liability sovereigns 
Liability sovereigns are split into funds with existing 
outflows (current liability sovereigns) and funds with 
future liabilities (partial liability sovereigns). While 
partial liability sovereigns have similar strategies 
to investment sovereigns (due to their long time 
horizons), matching outflows is a key concern 
for funds with current liabilities. The return gap 
is therefore of particular significance to liability 
sovereigns and many funds expect their target rates 
to eventually increase as they update models to 
lower 'risk free' rates and increasing life expectancy. 
To manage these concerns, many current liability 
sovereigns are seeking greater exposure to high-
yielding asset classes. 
Sovereigns and central banks 
Investment 8. liability 
Liability sovereigns 
(LIA) 
'Central banks have secondary frpactityobjectwes as well as primary capdal preservation objectives. They are distinct from sovereigns through thew role in local market 
money supply and thew regulatory function. 
EFTA00812110
--- PAGE 5 ---
Liquidity sovereigns 
Liquidity sovereigns manage assets to stimulate 
economies that are highly dependent on commodity 
prices during a market shock. Due to the unpredictable 
and sudden nature of outflows, liquidity sovereigns 
have extremely short time horizons and prioritise 
portfolio liquidity above investment returns. Despite 
low yields of government bonds, liquidity sovereigns 
are unable to seek higher returns from alternative 
asset classes due to the inherent liquidity risk. 
Development sovereigns 
The asset and geographic allocation of development 
sovereigns is driven by the requirement to encourage 
local economic growth (rather than investment 
return). Development sovereigns take large (often 
controlling) stakes in companies of economic 
significance in order to grow their presence in 
the local market. While other sovereigns adjust 
allocations to maximise their asset growth and yield, 
development sovereigns consider their success 
in economic metrics such as GDP growth and job 
creation, working closely with their investments to 
grow long-term strategic assets. This means that 
development funds are relatively unreactive to 
return shortfalls and asset allocation trends. 
Central banks 
Central banks are 'lenders of last resort' - managers 
of a large foreign reserves portfolio to bail out 
financial institutions of public importance. Due to 
the importance of maintaining reserves to sufficiently 
cover such requirements, preservation of capital 
is of greatest importance. Central banks also have 
high levels of public accountability and disclosure, 
encouraging risk aversion through short time horizons 
and highly liquid investments. While other sovereigns 
invest in home market assets, central bank reserve 
managers hold the majority of their assets in foreign 
securities, increasing the importance of currency 
exposure relative to other sovereigns. 
Unlike sovereign investors, central banks have 
objectives outside of reserves management, including 
local market liquidity management and maintenance 
of currency pegs. Since these external factors have 
influence over the foreign reserves, in this study we 
consider central banks separately from sovereign 
investors. However, as many government bonds have 
negative yields, certain central banks have looked to 
invest in non-traditional asset classes (e.g. equities) 
to preserve their capital, closer aligning their foreign 
reserves investment strategy to that of sovereign 
wealth funds. 
Funding challenges 
and the low return 
environment have 
unique implications 
for each sovereign 
segment. 
N.,
Capital preservation 
Investment & liquidity 
Liquidity sovereigns 
(Lie) 
Investment & development 
Development sovereigns 
(DEV) 
Central banks-
(CB) 
EFTA00812111
--- PAGE 6 ---
Shift from investment strategy to business model 
The gap between target and actual portfolio returns 
along with declines in investment commitments are 
reshaping sovereigns' strategic agendas. 
EFTA00812112
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00812113
--- PAGE 8 ---
The outlook for macro policy and for the geopolitical 
environment remains uncertain 
Our fifth annual cycle of interviews Look place 
between January and March 2017. In speaking with 
leading sovereign investors and central banks (with 
assets in excess of US$12 trillion) we identified a 
number of critical themes that shaped interview 
responses. Unsurprisingly, we noted that the outlook 
for macro policy and the potential for further 
geopolitical shocks dominated discussions. 
- Sovereigns see the end of OE (Quantitative 
Easing) without a clear indication as to the form or 
timeframe for further OT (Quantitative Tightening). 
While the US has begun to raise interest rates, the 
Federal Reserve is engaged in parallel measures 
that may reduce the quantum and pace of further 
increases; and there is uncertainty whether and 
when other major markets will follow suit 
- The bifurcation of the US and other developed 
markets (notably the UK, Germany and Japan) 
had significant implications for currency rates, 
challenging sovereign geographic allocations 
- Political change in developed markets (notably 
Brexit and the US election) created volatility in 
sovereign portfolios, challenging the robustness 
of sovereign risk models. As policy changes are 
worked through governments (e.g. the terms of 
Brexit and US corporate tax reform), there will be 
wider implications for long-term geographic and 
asset allocation 
- Emerging markets face various macro challenges, 
with commodity prices recovering slowly (e.g. oil, 
natural gas and copper) and an increasingly unstable 
political outlook in Brazil and South Africa 
Sovereigns face a continuing 'return gap' 
These dynamics suggest a continuation of the 
'lower rates, lower return' environment over at 
least the next 24 months. While the lower return 
environment has been a consistent theme in past 
years, in 2017 the implications are compounded, 
with low interest rates the factor of greatest 
importance to both strategic and tactical asset 
allocations in figure 2. Risk asset valuations have 
inflated over a number of years, while the near-
uniform tilt to alternatives such as infrastructure 
has resulted in supply challenges and delays. 
In 2016, all sovereign profiles displayed a 
return gap (figure 3), driven by the low interest rate 
environment, however this shortfall was greatest 
among investment sovereigns. Traditionally, liability 
sovereigns have hedged fixed income against 
inflation (due to the focus on matching outflows 
to beneficiaries), while investment sovereigns have 
left their Inflation exposure open. This has led to 
investment sovereigns having the greatest return 
gaps, as developed economies return to growth 
and inflation rises. While liquidity and development 
sovereigns are also suffering from low interest 
rates, respondents noted that investment returns 
were of secondary importance, relative to liquidity 
and development objectives. Furthermore, liquidity 
sovereigns noted that their long-duration fixed 
income assets had increased in value as rates fell. 
Against this, sovereigns are challenged by fixed 
return targets, which are typically set to match 
potential liabilities and do not adjust to market 
conditions. Despite return challenges, we do not 
see a concurrent shift in investment activity 
year-on-year (as we go on to explore). 
The challenges 
of the return gap 
are most severe 
among investment 
sovereigns. 
EFTA00812114
--- PAGE 9 ---
Fig 2. Importance of macroeconomic conditions to strategic and tactical asset allocation 
• Importance to SAA 
■ Importance to TAA 
Low interest rates 
US election 
Commodity prices 
Brexit, EU break 
Stock market volatility 
Terrorism 
War in Syria 
Emerging market 
Climate change 
Chinese volatility 
8.1 
9.1 
7.4 
8.5 
7.1 
6.6 
6.9 
7.5 
6.5 
7.5 
5.7 
5.9 
5.6 
5.5 
5.5 
6.9 
5.1 
7.0 
5.0 
6.1 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. SAA =Strategic Asset Allocation. TAA=Tactkal Asset Allocation. 
Sampte=20. 
Fig 3. Past year returns and target returns (% AUM) 
• Past year returns 
■ Target returns 
4.1 
6.1 
2.6 
6.3 
4.9 
6.0 
2.4 
3.3 
4.6 
7.7 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. Sample size shown in grey. Data is not weighted by AUM. 
Sovereign sample 
Investment sovereigns 
Liability sovereigns 
Liquidity sovereigns 
Development sovereigns 
EFTA00812115
--- PAGE 10 ---
Fig 4. Expected time (years) to deploy assets 
■ 2016 
■ 2017 
Infrastructure 
Private equity 
Real estate 
Hedge funds 
2.3 
2.4 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
Sample: 2016=21, 2017=35. 
SS 
1.7 
EFTA00812116
--- PAGE 11 ---
Deployment challenges are limiting sovereign 
ability to match targets 
In previous reports, we observed sovereigns' return 
gaps, driven by low Interest rates and challenging 
targets for fixed income allocations. We have also 
noted how appetite for alternatives has grown as 
sovereigns seek greater returns from private markets. 
In last year's report, we demonstrated that high levels 
of competition in infrastructure and private equity 
were causing sovereigns to shift deployment of real 
assets towards real estate. 
Competition for infrastructure and private equity 
deals has accelerated in 2016, with deployment 
times increasing across alternative asset classes 
(figure 4). While the growth in these times is small, 
it is significant: sovereigns are increasingly dependent 
on their alternative investments to generate yields, 
however, growing levels of undeployed capital for 
alternative investments are being held in cash and 
money market funds, so that sovereigns can respond 
quickly when real asset opportunities arise. These 
highly liquid investments offer limited returns, 
particularly in comparison to sovereign targets for 
real asset investments, causing further growth in 
the return gap. 
Risk of fund withdrawals is slowing further 
illiquid asset investment 
The ability of sovereigns to respond to the return 
gap is being limited by the increasing likelihood of 
withdrawals. Over the past three years, governments 
have responded to economic volatility by reducing 
new funding to sovereigns and, in some cases, 
drawing down from sovereign reserves, as seen 
in figure 5. 
While previously only liability sovereigns 
experienced regular drawdown of funds (in the form 
of outflows to beneficiaries), an increasing propensity 
for government withdrawals is encouraging 
investment and liquidity sovereigns to consider the 
liquidity of their portfolio. Liquidity sovereigns were 
comfortable in their ability to withdraw from their 
portfolio at short notice, however, many sovereigns 
stated that liquidity management was an entirely 
new objective, with certain investment sovereigns 
responding by creating tactical allocations to cash 
and money market funds. This has led to conflicting 
liquidity requirements: sovereigns have to manage 
withdrawal risks by shortening time horizons while 
simultaneously seeking to access illiquidity premia 
to generate greater returns. 
Fig 5. Expected new funding and cancelled Investments (%AUM) 
Sovereign sample 
Investment sovereigns 
• New funding 
• Cancelled investments 
Liability sovereigns 
Liquidity sovereigns 
Development sovereigns 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Sample is based on sovereign ewestors and excludes central barks. Sarrcle sizes shown in grey. Data is not weighted by AUM. Periods shown reflect past year new 
funding/cancellations. 
EFTA00812117
--- PAGE 12 ---
Fig 6. Change 
Global equity 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Home market 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Global bond 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Home market 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
in past year allocations by asset class (% citations) 
■ Decrease 
■ Stay the same 
■ Increase 
equity 
bond 
3 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
Sample: 2013=22, 2014=36, 2015=33.2016=44, 2017=60. 
EFTA00812118
--- PAGE 13 ---
Uncertain market direction has challenged 
response to return gaps through asset allocation 
Political change across developed markets challenges 
high conviction geographic allocations outside a small 
number of perceived 'safe haven' markets. Similarly, 
the staggered shift to OT is creating uncertainty over 
sovereign forecasts for asset class performance. 
Additionally, in many cases allocations to illiquid 
assets were approaching restrictions put in place by 
investment boards, with little room to further tilt to 
risk classes. 
Such uncertainty over investment strategy means 
that very few sovereigns are willing to adjust strategic 
asset allocations, and internal restrictions are a 
challenge to those that are seeking to change. This can 
be seen in figure 6, in which an increasing number of 
sovereigns state they have 'frozen' asset allocations 
to traditional asset classes. 
A focus on business model to drive implementation 
efficiency and liquidity premium capture 
As willingness to take active positions in geographic 
and asset allocation decreases, the effects of the 
return gap are compounded. Sovereigns are unable to 
respond to growing shortfalls through asset allocation 
alone, and are instead looking at how to evolve their 
business models to drive more efficient realisation 
against portfolio objectives, notably through 
internalisation or investment partnerships to reduce 
management cost and improve placement efficiency. 
However, sovereigns acknowledged that any 
changes to business models carried trade-offs against 
execution and investment risk: 
- Many respondents have struggled to reach target 
alternative allocations and the shift to internalise 
or move to co-investment or operating partnerships 
may create further constraints 
- Over-investing in privately listed assets puts 
sovereigns at risk of future valuation adjustments 
while utilisation of alternative deployment models 
(working directly with operating partners) has 
implications for governance processes and disclosure 
- Reducing intermediation while potentially improving 
line-of-sight to placement also reduces external 
objective inputs to asset selection and valuation 
- Finally, the tilt to internalisation may not be 
consistent with geographic diversification objectives, 
and there is some evidence of an increasing 'home 
market' bias despite stated objectives to the contrary 
While the motivation for business model changes 
is clear and aligned, there is an acknowledgement 
amongst participants that not all sovereigns will be 
successful in executing, with the potential for risk or 
investment shocks where execution is unsuccessful. 
As willingness to take active positions in geographic 
and asset allocations slows, sovereigns must engage 
with investment boards to include consideration of 
market conditions (as well as potential outflows) in 
their return targets to continue to work towards their 
long-term objectives. 
With limited 
scope to act 
through allocation 
sovereigns are 
focused on 
alternative levers. 
ll
EFTA00812119
--- PAGE 14 ---
Increasing appeal of perceived 'safe haven' ma 
Geopolitical uncertainty is leading to a focus on 
perceived 'safe haven' international markets and 
home markets. 
• 
EFTA00812120
--- PAGE 15 ---
Construction of subway 
system extension, 
New Yak 
EFTA00812121
--- PAGE 16 ---
Sovereigns are targeting markets offering security 
and growth 
Traditionally sovereigns have grouped countries by 
economic development or geographic region to form 
their overall geographic allocations. Indeed, last 
year, we highlighted increased allocations to North 
America, based on perceptions of the US as a 'safe 
haven' for sovereign assets, driven by the strength 
of its currency and positive tax changes for 
international investors. 
While at a high level, sovereigns have been 
unwilling to adjust regional allocations (as outlined in 
theme 1), idiosyncratic geopolitical risks are causing 
sovereigns to reweight to countries within these 
allocation bands. In developed markets, uncertainty 
over global interest rates is shifting this focus to 
identifying markets to shelter assets (as shown by 
the increased attractiveness of the US and Germany 
in figure 7), with Brexit and the US election cited as 
the factors of fastest growing importance to asset 
allocation (growing importance cited by 82% and 
68% of sovereigns respectively). Similarly, emerging 
markets sovereigns are identifying countries with the 
greatest potential for long-term economic growth. 
g 7. Attractiveness of markets to sovereign investors 
is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
on a scale from 1 to 10 where 10 is the most attractive. Rating scored as of O1 of the given year. 
2015=26. 2016=44. 2017=58. 
Sovereigns are 
seeking greater 
exposure to 
perceived 'safe 
havens' within each 
key region. 
EFTA00812122
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00812123
--- PAGE 18 ---
Growth of the US for both returns and protection 
The attractiveness of the US has been driven by 
interest rate rises (with expectations for further raises 
this year) and bond yields lagging in other developed 
markets (figure 8). There is also market confidence of 
a 'pro-business' corporate tax regime following Trump 
taking office in January 2017, causing sovereigns 
to note the growth potential of US equity markets 
(with 40% of sovereigns expecting to increase North 
American allocations in 2017), as other developed 
market stocks remain flat. Currency strength 
underlies this optimism (USD up 3% against EUR and 
20% against GBP in 2016'), with some sovereigns 
deliberately targeting dollar exposure through their 
international investments. Liability sovereigns noted 
the dual benefit of the open currency position, both 
eliminating hedging costs and generating additional 
returns relative to home market currency. 
In our 2015 sovereign study, we highlighted the 
attractiveness of real estate investments in developed 
markets. Under FIRPTA (Foreign Investment in 
Real Property Tax Act), sovereign appetite for real 
estate investment in the US has further grown. Most 
notable, however, is the growing optimism around 
the potential for new infrastructure deals in the 
US following political campaigning suggesting an 
investment opportunity of US$1 trillion. 
Despite positivity, sovereigns in Europe and Asia 
noted that successful US real estate investments 
gave no guarantee of similar opportunities within 
infrastructure. Many respondents were concerned 
about growing protectionism in the US, questioning 
if it might both limit access to infrastructure and real 
estate investments for foreign sovereigns and would 
have long-term economic implications as foreign 
relations are strained. 
'Source: XE currency data. Data from 01 January 
2016-01 January 2017. 
Currency strength 
underlies optimism 
for the US. 
Fig 8. 10-year government bond yields 
US 
UK 
2.5 
1.3 
Germany 
Japan 
0.2 
0.0 
Source: US - US Treasury Resource Center, UK - Bank of England Data, Germany - Bundesbank 
Statistics, Japan - Mrmstry of Finance Interest Rate Index. Data taken as daily average yield co 
December 2016. 
EFTA00812124
--- PAGE 19 ---
UK challenges centred on currency, but future role 
as European hub is unclear 
While the UK has faced short-term challenges over low 
interest rates (relative to the US), the Brexit decision 
poses a threat to the long-term attractiveness of 
the UK. Brexit is seen as a significant negative for 
UK investment, and investment sovereigns with 
European interests questioned the future of the UK 
as an 'investment hub' for Europe, given uncertainty 
over taxes on imports and market access. Liquidity 
sovereigns also noted their concern that demand for 
UK government bonds would drop, challenging the 
liquidity of their holdings. 
Despite this negative sentiment, UK allocations 
remain relatively stable with stated declines 
likely linked to currency fluctuations rather than 
withdrawal, as demonstrated in figure 9. Furthermore, 
the fall in value of the pound has led to a rally in UK 
stocks as export-linked businesses benefit from more 
competitive pricing. The low value of the pound also 
allows UK asset managers to offer their services at 
a discount to international competitors. This low 
entry price into the UK represents an opportunity 
for UK managers who can demonstrate local market 
expertise and robust currency hedging processes to 
international sovereign investors. 
There has also been a demonstration of ongoing 
sovereign commitment to long-term alternative 
investments in the UK. Many sovereigns noted that 
they were unlikely to cancel UK real estate assets 
in the near future and there have been several 
high-profile statements of renewed commitment to 
UK infrastructure investments following the Brexit 
decision, including Thames Water and Heathrow 
Airport. However, respondents noted that these are 
long-term investments which are unlikely to move 
until the outlook of the UK as a preferred investment 
destination (comparable to the US or Germany) 
becomes clearer. 
Fig 9. Exchange rate, geographic allocations to the UK (% AUM) 
■ 2016 
■ 2017 
GEtWUSD exchange rate 
(External data) 
1.48 
'1.23 
Geographic allocations 
to the UK (%AUM) 
(Sovereign sample) 
LHS: Source - XE currency data. Data as of beginning of given year. RHS: Sarnple is based on 
sovereign investors and excludes central banks. Data Is not weighted by AUM. 
Sample: 2016=55,2017=57. 
EFTA00812125
--- PAGE 20 ---
Positivity towards Germany amidst concerns 
for Continental Europe 
Brexit has raised awareness of the related threat 
of wider EU disbandment, although this has had 
a relatively small effect on Continental European 
allocations on the whole (from 12.8% of AUM in 2016 
to 11.2% in 2017). Instead, it has caused sovereigns 
to focus on the more stable countries within the EU. 
Sovereign investments in Germany have increased 
based on its economic strength (with its attractiveness 
increasing year-on-year in figure 10), and many 
respondents attribute this to Germany's industrial 
sector (an estimated 30.3% of GDP relative to 19.2% 
in the UK, 19.4% in France and 23.9% in Italy). 
However, investment sovereigns identified German 
financial markets as an area of potential growth 
post-Brexit, offering a stable platform for investments 
across Europe. Furthermore, liability sovereigns 
explained that if the eurozone were to disband, 
Germany's role as the financial hub of Europe would 
have significant upside for the German currency, 
with many funds building currency hedging strategies 
to take this into account. 
Fig 10. Attractiveness of continental European markets 
■ 2015 
to sovereign investors 
• 2016 
• 2017 
Germany 
a 
France 
Italy 
6.2 
6.6 
5.6 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
Rating on a scale from 1 to 10 where 10 is the most attractive. Rating scored as of 01 of the given years. 
Sample: 2015=26, 2016=44. 2017=58. 
5.9 
6.1 
Germany is seen 
as a stable platform 
for investments 
across Europe. 
EFTA00812126
--- PAGE 21 ---
Sovereigns see potential in Indian private markets 
Despite tactical switching between developed 
markets, increasing investment into emerging markets 
remains a long-term strategic objective for many 
sovereigns (as stated in our 2016 report). Stock 
markets have relatively small coverage of emerging 
market economies, driving greater emphasis on 
illiquid real asset categories. In fact, many sovereigns 
use infrastructure deals to manage near-term macro 
and geopolitical risk, as outlined in our 2015 study. 
However, challenging placement dynamics and 
uncertainty over commodity prices mean sovereigns 
are being more selective in their emerging market 
investments, focusing on the identification of high-
growth markets. 
While many emerging markets have struggled with 
slow commodity price recovery and political instability, 
India has experienced consistent growth in GDP (figure 
11). However, India's economic structure is complex 
and publicly listed investments have relatively low 
coverage of the wider economy (with stock market 
capitalisation 65%of GDP in India, relative to 146% in 
the US and 112% in the UK). Indeed, many sovereigns 
are focusing on opportunities within Indian private 
equity (as seen in India's increasing private sector 
attractiveness in figure 12), seeking returns from its 
rapid urbanisation. 
Typically, in emerging markets sovereigns have 
faced considerable regulatory and governance 
challenges to direct private equity investment, leading 
them to seek assistance from external managers. 
However, in 2016 India introduced reforms to foreign 
direct investment, loosening government restrictions 
on investment in certain sectors, with wider reform 
expected in 2017. This has enabled large investment 
and liability sovereigns to invest heavily in Indian 
private equity, and many funds are developing internal 
management expertise based in India to have greater 
access and control over private equity investments. 
Despite sovereign desire to invest directly in Indian 
private equity, the development of local management 
capability is often complex and deployment of assets 
to meet targets will be lengthy. While concerns 
remain over governance and liquidity of private equity 
investments in emerging markets, sovereigns note 
that local management teams are best equipped to 
deal with these concerns. 
Fig 11. Gross domestic product of 
emerging markets (US$, trillions) 
1.86 
2.03 
2.09 
2.46 
1.8 
2.05 
1.33 
Source: World Bank Data - GDP (Current USS) data as at 17 Aprd 2017. 
■ 2015 
to 2016 
■ 2017 
India 
Brazil 
Russia 
South Africa 
Fig 12. Opportunity of Indian private sector 
and attractiveness of India to sovereign investors 
Private sector opportunity 
Attractiveness to sovereigns 
6.1 
5.6 
5.9 
■ 2015 
■ 2016 
to 2017 
7.1 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
Rating on a scale from 1 to 10 where 10 is the most oppertunistc/attractive. Patric scored 
as d 01 of the given years. 
Sample: 2015=26, 2016=44, 2017=58. 
EFTA00812127
--- PAGE 22 ---
Fig 13. Geographic allocations to home market (% AUM) 
■ 2015 
■ 2016 
• 2017 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. Data is not weighted by AUK 
Sample: 2015=39, 2016=55, 2017=57. 
EFTA00812128
--- PAGE 23 ---
Home market investment allows for greater 
internalisation and reduced hedging costs 
Given recent increases in the likelihood of outflows, 
figure 13 shows how sovereigns are growing their 
focus on home market allocations to reduce foreign 
currency exposure. While home market investment 
aligns to greater internalisation, it also grows 
correlations between sovereign portfolio performance 
and local economic performance. Since sovereign 
funding is also heavily dependent on the local market, 
sovereigns are at risk of increasing cashflow strains 
(from both investment returns and new funding) when 
the local economy underperforms. 
Sovereigns may need to revert to greater 
geographic diversification, at the cost of short-
term returns 
The combination of continuing home market tilts, 
along with a concentration in a small number of 'safe 
havens', threatens to squeeze allocations to markets 
that lack clear growth or stability attributes. As the 
granularity of geopolitical risk models increases, 
sovereigns are at risk of being overly selective in their 
geographic investments and becoming dependent 
on single markets within geographic regions. 
However, many of the driving forces behind 
concentrated geographic allocations are unlikely 
to last. Interest rate disparity in developed markets 
is expected to reduce if European and Japanese 
quantitative tightening begins, suggesting that 
increased fixed income allocations to the US are 
tactical. Similarly, while growing emerging market 
allocations is a strategic initiative, India has been 
targeted due to its recent economic growth, relative 
to other major emerging markets. 
While sovereigns are willing to be overweight 
individual countries to capture additional returns 
(either through short-term tactical allocations or 
greater internalisation), they may shift their focus 
back to managing risk across diverse geographic 
allocations, fulfilling their aim to make government 
reserves independent of local economic performance. 
These is an 
inherent risk in 
overcommitting to 
individual markets. 
EFTA00812129
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00812130
--- PAGE 25 ---
e e• 
e 
• 
• 
• 
%.'1/4• Nx. \\\ • \\\\ 
. 1 -a 
Trains arriving at 
Liege-Guillemins train 
Station by Santiago 
Calatrava. Belgium 
iks vcc‘ 
xxxxxx
xV
ilk ,sv...,
.***ZZ•%
V\xxxxxxxxx\XIVlmis‘ 
- 
cc\ \\‘ • \\‘\ 
\`‘ \\‘\ 
\\ANA. 
lik\aN 
NN\ \\\ \\\\ 
\\\ 
\ 
N ' 
\\\ 
\ • ‘.
I° • •N \\\ \\\\ \\ 
\\\ 
s".• ••• N\•\\\\\\ 
\‘‘` 
a 
%IN
• * • •:•• 
%.".• 
0141001
,
k%S 4‘ ‘ \‘ 
;7/ 
-Way 
gi 
Hililifill 
fi n 
V\ANNAII.flNA 
\\Nilo 
\\\\\\\\\\\A 
EFTA00812131
--- PAGE 26 ---
Real estate is perceived as attractive based 
on supply of investment opportunities 
In last year's report, we monitored sovereign 
investment in real estate, with its perceived superior 
supply-side dynamics relative to other real asset and 
alternative categories. While asset allocation shifts 
have slowed this year, the trend towards real estate 
has accelerated, driven by capacity for sovereign 
investment. For example, it is noted that while 
relatively few countries offer private investors access 
to a wide range of investment-grade infrastructure 
investments, there is broad access to commercial and 
office sectors across major developed and emerging 
markets, causing sovereigns to cite real estate as 
the asset class with the fewest execution challenges 
(figure 14). 
Furthermore, investment sovereigns with large 
internal teams noted that real estate was unique 
in its scope for greenfield investment. Sovereigns 
continue to develop internal asset management 
capability in real estate (figure 15 highlights the 
high levels on internal management within real 
estate), enabling them to generate investment 
opportunities themselves, rather than source and 
compete for real estate deals with other investors. 
In an environment where challenges executing 
against target real asset and alternative allocations 
drag on investment returns, supply depth is a key 
differentiator for real estate. 
Target illiquid 
alternative 
allocations have 
mcreased, despite 
deployment 
challenges. 
Fig 14. Underweight asset classes due to 
execution challenges (% citations) 
Infrastructure 
Private equity 
Real estate 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
Sarno*: 2016=20, 2017=41. 
■ 2016 
■ 2017 
Fig 15. Internal management of international 
illiquid alternatives (0/0 AUM) 
• Real estate 
• Private equity 
t• Infrastructure 
Sample is based on sovereign investas and excludes central banks. Data is not weighted by AUM. 
Sample: Real estate=31, Private eguity=26 Int rastructure=24. 
EFTA00812132
--- PAGE 27 ---
Real estate offers income generation and 
access optionality 
This year, sovereigns cited a range of reasons for 
increasing target real estate allocations, including 
the scope to capture liquidity alpha, the potential 
to generate income matching mid- to long-term 
liabilities and the potential for internalisation and 
control. With lower interest rates, lower funding 
commitments to sovereigns and a lack of appetite 
to vary asset allocations, the potential for leveraged 
participation in real estate (equity and debt) appeals 
to sovereigns seeking alternative means of scaling 
'frozen' asset allocation to match liabilities. 
In addition, while there are few alternatives to 
third-party management and fee structures across 
infrastructure and private equity (with co-investment 
in many cases challenged by fund governance and 
risk appetite), sovereigns have a broad range of 
options to participate in the development, acquisition 
and management of real estate. Indeed, there was 
no consensus among sovereigns on the best placed 
real estate manager, with internal and external 
managers, developers and operators cited as 
preferred real estate partners in figure 16. Sovereigns 
are also attracted to the flexibility of real estate value 
chain participation as it reduces upfront funding 
commitments and allows for a gradual internalisation 
of expertise and resource. 
Low fixed income 
yields means 
sovereigns are 
beginning to view 
property as a 
reliable source of 
income. 
Fig 16. Preferred manager for 
real estate investments (% citations) 
• Real estate developer 
• Real estate operator 
• Internal investment team 
■ External asset manager 
Sample is based on sovereln investors and excludes central banks. 
Sample.-28. 
EFTA00812133
--- PAGE 28 ---
Fig 17. Allocations to international and home market real estate (%ALIM) 
• International real estate 
• Home market real estate 
2015 
2.8 
2016 
4.4 
• 
2.2 I 
• 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. Data is not weighted by AUK 
Sample: 2015=44, 2016=57, 2017=62. 
2017 
4.7 
p
3.4 
Fig 18. Primary factor driving real estate investment (% citations) 
Generate higher yields 
1 
Accessing liquidity premium 
Diversification from 
Long-term investment 
traditional assets 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
Sample=33. 
EFTA00812134
--- PAGE 29 ---
Property allocations are concentrated in 
'home market' to match liabilities 
While real estate allocations account for a small 
portion of sovereign portfolios, there has been 
significant relative growth in allocations, particularly 
in sovereign home markets (figure 17). 
Home market real estate is attractive for liability 
and investment sovereigns, as there is no need to 
hedge currency exposure, as outlined in theme 2. 
The increase in home market allocations is mirrored 
in sovereign appetite for income-generating real 
estate assets (with yield generation the lead factor for 
increased allocations shown in figure 18), matching 
home currency-denominated liabilities at higher yields 
than domestic fixed income. Consequently, the tilt to 
real estate in home markets is substantially funded 
from lower allocations to fixed income (figure 19). 
Home market allocations also benefited from the 
trend to internalisation of real asset management. 
With limited capability to source and manage real 
estate globally, sovereigns noted that internal 
investment teams focused more on the local market, 
particularly in respect of greenfield or residential 
investments. Domestic real estate investment was 
greatest among Western and Asian sovereigns (4.9% 
and 3.1% of assets respectively), due to the depth 
of high-quality domestic real estate markets. Home 
markets were viewed as more familiar and accessible; 
there was a view that proximity facilitated oversight 
and control, which in turn afforded greater comfort 
in higher risk categories. Many respondents were also 
more confident in their ability to pitch for real estate 
deals locally, given the positive reputation 
of sovereign investors. 
Fig 19. Primary source of funds for new real estate investments (0/0 citations) 
Fixed income 
Equities 
Liquid alternatives 
New contributions 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
Sample.31. 
EFTA00812135
--- PAGE 30 ---
International real estate focused on key markets 
with potential for long-term investment 
International real estate allocations also grew in 
the period to 2016, though at a lower rate than 
home market. Sovereigns reported that increased 
international allocations in many cases represented 
tactical factors such as restrictions in domestic 
market or challenges achieving target allocations in 
infrastructure or private equity. 
As a result, increases in international allocations 
were relatively concentrated in terms of asset quality 
(tier-1 assets offering a comparable return profile 
of private equity and infrastructure). This has led 
sovereigns to expect greater growth in high grade 
office and commercial real estate (figure 20), with 
long-term tenancies underpinning income generation, 
over industrial or residential categories which offer 
asset growth and development potential. 
The importance of quality to international real 
estate allocations is also evident in geographic 
allocations. Sovereigns prefer 'safe haven' markets 
such as North America and Western Europe when 
investing in overseas real estate, with developed 
markets leading sovereign citations for preferred real 
estate locations shown in figure 21. 
Sovereigns acknowledged the benefits 
of external asset managers, particularly 
for international allocations 
The success of domestic real estate investments in 
matching liabilities and the scope to capture liquidity 
alpha through internal models is reflected in the pace 
of home market allocations over the past three years. 
However, looking forward sovereigns appreciate 
that further increases may be constrained by asset 
allocation or the maturity and depth of the local 
market. Many sovereigns also noted that there were 
risks associated with further internal investment in 
home market real estate: 
- Despite a focus on high-quality assets, liquidity 
is a challenge for real estate investors and many 
sovereigns are approaching limits on the size of 
their investments 
- Growing internalisation leaves sovereigns without 
third-party support in governance and compliance 
for their real estate investments 
- If Interest rates rise, demand for real estate is 
expected to slow, with implications for both asset 
pricing and liquidity 
However, on the assumption that interest rates 
globally remain lower near-term, we expect that 
sovereign demand for real estate will grow faster 
than sovereigns are willing or able to deploy to 
home markets. As a result, we expect that over 
the next three years allocations to international 
markets will grow, and diversification outside 
preferred geographies and classes will accelerate. 
Despite success in green( ield investing in their home 
market, sovereigns are less able to influence supply 
of real estate opportunities overseas, providing an 
opportunity for external asset managers to support 
sovereigns in sourcing and managing real estate deals. 
Developed market 
sovereigns have 
access to a wide 
range of high-
quality domestic 
real estate assets. 
Fig 20. Future increase in real estate sub-asset class allocations (% citations) 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
Sample=25. 
Office 
Commercial 
Residential 
Industrial 
EFTA00812136
--- PAGE 31 ---
Fig 21. Preferred location for real estate investments (% citations) 
Residential 
Commercial 
Office 
Industrial 
■ UK 
• Western Europe 
• North America 
• Home market 
fer 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
Sample.22. 
EFTA00812137
--- PAGE 32 ---
Invironme TM, socia A 
e (ESC) 
growth dependent on performance data 
Persper.tives on ESG are polarised with supporters 
moving to further embed and integrate ESG in 
AInvestment processes while non-supporters wait 
for evidence of investment implications. 
EFTA00812138
--- PAGE 33 ---
rir 
The Hoover Dam on 
the Cotorado Prver, 
Artzona, US 
r-
4 
* 
- 
\I 
_ 
:re 
r 
r 
iv! 
_ 
cleat- .49k
•
EFTA00812139
--- PAGE 34 ---
In the absence of long-term risk and performance 
data, the role of ESG is unclear for many sovereigns 
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) investing 
looks to incorporate ethics and sustainability into 
the investment process. Sovereigns are well placed 
to implement ESG strategies (or component sub-
strategies) due to their scale, reach, size and long-
term orientation. In addition, many investment and 
liability sovereigns have a clear basis to consider 
sustainability factors in delivering their objectives, 
given their own mandates and through their growing 
internal management capability. 
However, contrary to early expectations, uptake 
of ESG practices appears to be less broad than 
initially anticipated. On the one hand, established 
sovereigns across Europe, Canada and Australia have 
been pivotal to the evolution of ESG investing among 
institutional investors. Many of these sovereigns were 
crucial in the development of sovereign investment 
strategies over past decades, and continue to have 
high levels of influence over sovereign models globally 
relative to their size. Against this, funds in the US 
and emerging markets have been reluctant to commit 
to ESG (figure 22) in the absence of objective data 
on the investment risk/return trade-offs implicit in 
these strategies. 
While uptake of ESG has not increased in line 
with historical expectations, there is a clear appetite 
for perspectives and analysis from adopters, asset 
managers and academics. In fact, among institutional 
investors globally ESG is cited as the most important 
area for thought leadership (NMG's Global Asset 
Management Study 2017), highlighting investor 
demand for greater understanding. 
Qualified support for 'environmental' and 'social' 
screens given reputational risks of non-adoption, 
however further commitment depends on emerging 
evidence of investment implications 
For sovereigns looking to adopt ESG investing, the 
most common step is to introduce negative screens 
on managers and securities which fall below ethical 
standards (figure 23). This process lends itself to 
environmental and social factors, given growing 
levels of disclosure of carbon footprint and employee 
diversity within public markets. Indeed, environmental 
factors are among the ESG issues of greatest 
importance to sovereigns shown in figure 24. 
Certain sovereigns noted that negative 
environmental and social screens can be simply 
inserted into the investment process as an extra step 
within security selection, with minimal additional 
costs of management and expertise. Respondents 
also stated that the measurement of the investment 
impact of negative screens was simple, as the social 
investment strategy was most often constructed 
from a fully inclusive benchmark. 
Despite some non-users citing analysis showing 
the negative effect of ESG screening strategies 
on short-term returns, there was a sense among 
interviewees that greater levels of disclosure 
increased reputational risk of non-adoption relative 
to high-profile ESG adopters. 
ESG adoption 
has been driven 
by established 
sovereigns across 
Europe, Canada 
and Australia. 
EFTA00812140
--- PAGE 35 ---
Fig 22. Sovereign adoption of ESG factors (% citations) 
West (ex-US) 
Sarno* is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
sample: West (erUS)=11, Rest of world=44. 
Rest of world 
• 
Fig 23. ESG screen usage (% citations, ESG users) 
Security negative screen 
Manager negative screen 
Manager positive screen 
Security positive screen 
Sarriple is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. Multiple responses. 
Sampfe=22. 
Fig 24. ESG issue importance (ESG users) 
• Environmental factor 
• Social factor 
■ Governance factor 
Climate change 
Sustainability 
Financial disclosure 
Energy resources 
Human rights 
Executive remuneration 
Diversity 
Water scarcity 
7.8 
7.2 
7.2 
6.9 
6.9 
6.4 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. Ratrig on a scale from 1 to 10 where 10 is the most important. Ratrig scored as of 01 of the given year. 
Sample=22. 
EFTA00812141
--- PAGE 36 ---
Fig 25. Current approach to investment management by size of assets (% citations, ESG users) 
• Attend AGMs 
• Board representation for 
majority of investments 
• Actively engage with board 
• Don't actively engage 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. Sample sizes shown in grey. 
AUM < US$ 25bn 
AUM > US$ 25bn 
Fig 26. Effect of ESG on investment costs/long-term returns (% citations, ESG users) 
Effect of ESG on long-term returns 
Effect of ESG on investment costs 
Sample is based on sovereign investors and excludes central banks. 
Sample=25. 
■ Increase in returns 
■ Decrease in returns 
• No difference 
EFTA00812142
--- PAGE 37 ---
Leading adopters are embedding governance-based 
engagement, with an expectation of improved long-
term returns 
While non-adopters wait on the evidence of ESG 
investment outcomes, leading adopters are moving 
further down the path of integrating ESG principles 
into investment allocation and management 
decisions, including through active engagement with 
or participation in investee company decision-making. 
Larger sovereigns with internal asset management 
capability were most confident in their ability to 
execute their ESG strategies, due to their higher levels 
of engagement with their investments (figure 25). 
These larger sovereigns noted that direct engagement 
benefits substantially outweighed the cost of external 
advisers and representation; notably 
- The largest sovereigns drew a clear line from long-
term investor influence on corporate structure 
and executive remuneration to 'active' investment 
performance through the cycle 
- Sovereigns felt able to better represent the interest 
of government or non-government stakeholders 
through direct engagement 
- Finally, for sovereigns committed to ESG, direct 
governance engagement provided a mechanism 
to proactively drive an ESG agenda in future 
investment and management decision-making 
Future uptake of ESG integration requires more 
performance data, while growth in active ownership 
requires third-party assistance 
The adoption of negative screens is encouraging 
for ESG advocates; however, the majority of current 
non-adopters are unwilling to move further in the 
absence of strong objective evidence of positive 
investment risk/return outcomes from ESG investing 
relative to cost. ESG adopters overwhelmingly 
observe a positive differential in long-term returns 
(with 70% of respondents perceiving an increase 
in returns from ESG as seen in figure 26), and 
many adopters explained that they were seeking to 
integrate systematic ESG risk measurement into the 
investment process. However, ESG user and non-user 
respondents acknowledge that there is a need for 
robust data on integrated ESG strategies, which can 
only be addressed through continued measurement 
of the impact on performance. 
Despite uncertainties around the impact of ESG 
Integration, there is a growing consensus among all 
respondents on the positive effect of governance 
on investment returns. However, there are many 
challenges to developing and managing an active 
ownership strategy: 
- Many sovereigns have not defined their governance 
principles and were wary of demanding levels of 
transparency from their investees that the sovereign 
fund itself did not provide 
- The adoption of active ownership requires hiring 
subject matter experts, and many investment 
sovereign respondents were intent on using 
recruitment budget to expand internal investment 
teams 
- Certain sovereigns did not hold shareholder voting 
rights across the majority of their securities and 
were wary of the costs Involved in switching these 
investments for those with voting rights 
- Many respondents stated that they were challenged 
by lack of engagement from consultants and asset 
managers 
While smaller sovereigns have been dissuaded from 
investment engagement by these cost restraints, 
evidence of benefits in returns and representation 
of sovereign interests will be key in driving greater 
uptake of sovereign active ownership. With some 
sovereigns looking internally to invest, based on the 
ability to embed government-based engagement, 
asset managers must respond by offering sovereigns 
the opportunity participate in the stewardship of 
companies by means of voting rights. 
There is a need 
for robust data on 
the performance 
of integrated ESG 
strategies. 
EFTA00812143
--- PAGE 38 ---
Altz, UM-
Central bank risk appetite driven by financial 
market exposure 
Central bank investor 
_ 
-appetite vary accord 
reserves and to the) 
market shocks 
• 
- 
fr. 
. I. 
s. 
- 
•r
• 
priorities and risk 
o the size of the country 
of exposure to financial 
- l e: 
 •
• 
A 
• 
t 
r 
lw • %. 
t
.1 
diii“ 
L- 
X •_ 4. 
- 
•,
— 
• \I a 
_ 
4_._ 
. •,•• , ft 
... 
A. 
l 
. AI • 
• . 
elt 
‘ I .1
..,,,C. C. 
1_,.,1 —_, 71 _..” _ .74 
1__.% ‘41- ').± 
All.,. -i' 
I\ 
w 
• 
I --i
i 1/2., //_i_ .. t : ..1 
I 
_ _j• ..4
'.
AHt._
-  1 
C- 
7- 
 A' ---1\ a .1/4 _l4 
A - 
IL
I••• 
, 
,
at 
•c - 
O r.  
••
..., 
i 
••!..... 
\ ii 
a — Si 
... 
.0. 
a 
A. 4, _Mt 
It 
;4 
-,. t• • 
t ;al 
/1_ ti.._ -sat t_. 
t - 
k_ _
I= 
.1N 
K I a 
\ 
4' 
I /3. 
T. 
r ..i. 
. 1 
a 
... , • 
ar. :IL _/ , 
‘... — 
;N... at 
.• ,. 
_ 
Is 
• i..4 • 
, 
. I, 
Is„, 
• 
4,..-
• 
- MI 
•._ 
• I. 
• In 
I, 
, 
_ 
— 
, 
/L a— - 
I< 
\ 
J, 
. 
i 
_ 
•• 
•
11. 
-.2 
4. 
• 
• 
I 
• 
0..IL 
J_ 
_ 
_ 
sake 
t. 
I 
i1 
, 
a 
• • 
, 
•• 
•••
r- 
el 
• 
• 
.0) 
•• 
• 
• 
••• 
.JIML 
‘- 
• • 
•• 
\ 
\ 
• 
.1 
_ 
11/4 
-ill-
I 
ad 
ac 
•• 
\ 
• 
• 
- 
N I 
- $ 1. • 
- 
•••• 
ta 
• 
a 
_ 
4.4 
• 
— - 
_I 
di 
•
• 
• 
Jr\ 
\ 
/ 
• 
_/ 
I 
--
\ 
PAP 
- 
II 4 _ 
_ 
_ 
I 
- 
EFTA00812144
--- PAGE 39 ---
EFTA00812145
--- PAGE 40 ---
While central bank investment tranches are 
in some ways comparable to sovereign portfolios, 
they are differentiated by the former's broader 
market functions 
While there are similarities in the approach taken to 
investment tranches (in terms of risk asset allocation 
and development of internal capability), central banks 
have a broader set of functions, including local market 
money supply, the role of lender of last resort and 
currency exchange rate regime management. These 
factors have considerable influence over investment 
strategy and capacity, and differentiate central banks 
from sovereign investors. 
In last year's report, we focused on emerging 
market (EM) central banks due to their increasing 
use of investment tranches (reserves sub-portfolios 
which prioritise investment return over liquidity), 
which have similar allocations to sovereign investor 
portfolios. We noted that many of the respondent 
banks were moving up the risk spectrum in response 
to achieving capital preservation in the face of low 
and negative yields, and that reserve managers were 
allocating higher levels of reserves to the investment 
tranche. We explore how central banks in developed 
markets with low financial market exposure have 
followed emerging market reserve managers up the 
risk spectrum. 
Low banking sector exposure is accompanied 
by lesser build-up in the levels of reserves and 
a growing appetite for risk assets 
In this year's report, we have expanded our central 
bank sample and segmented the central bank 
universe into developed and emerging markets to 
understand differences in strategy and pace of change 
with respect to investment tranches. Within developed 
market central banks, we further segmented them 
into two categories: those with high exposure to 
financial markets (DM High FME) and those with 
low exposure (DM Low FME'). We summarise these 
classifications in figure 27. 
While there are various means of calculating 
reserves adequacy (with import coverage and short-
term debt coverage most frequently cited in figure 
28), all measures link level of reserves to potential 
drawdown of funds. Following the Global Financial 
Crisis of 2008, DM High FME central banks increased 
estimates of the likelihood and size of potential 
drawdowns, increasing the level of reserves over 
the intervening years to better equip themselves as 
'lenders of last resort'. In 2016, this trend continued 
with DM High FME central banks increasing reserves 
more rapidly than DM Low FME and EM (figure 29). 
DM High FME reserve managers rely on these large 
net inflows to maintain high levels of liquidity (with 
67% of respondents describing reserves as 'ample' 
in figure 30), and focus less on capital preservation 
and investment returns. Furthermore, reserve 
managers in High FME markets noted that they are 
unwilling to invest in risk assets such as equities 
or asset-backed securities as they are seeking to 
diversify (not correlate) their reserves from local 
financial market shocks. 
'Measure of financial exposure based on World Bank 
Global Financial Development - Private credit by 
deposit money banks and other financial institutions 
to GDP (%), 24 June 2016. 
Fig 27. Central bank segmentation 
Market economic maturity 
Financial market/GDP (%) 
Foreign reserves new flows 
Reserves adequacy 
Foreign reserves risk 
appetite 
High financial 
Low financial market 
market dependency 
dependency 
(DM High FME) 
(DM Low FME) 
Emerging markets 
(EM) 
High 
High 
Medium 
High 
Medium/Low 
Medium/Low 
High 
Medium 
Low 
High 
High/Medium 
Medium 
Low 
Medium 
High 
EFTA00812146
--- PAGE 41 ---
Fig 28. Factors used to calculate reserve adequacy (% citations) 
3 
3 
• Rank 1 
■ Rank 2 
Rank 3 
Rank 4 
Import coverage 
Short-term debt coverage 
GDP coverage 
Money supply 
Capital flight 
Current account deficit 
Exchange rate regime 
Sample ccrnpnses of central banks only. Hey denotes each factors' level of importance acccrding to central banks. Rankings spirt into four categories in descendng order 
with rank 1=most important. Rating scored as of 01 of the given year. 
Sample=31. 
Fig 29. Net increase in foreign currency reserves (%AUM) 
DM High FME 
DM Low FME 
EM 
4.8 
Sample size shown in grey. DIA High FIAE=Hrgh financial market dependency. DM Low FME= Lox financial market dependency. 
Sovereigns 
1.8 
Fig 30. Level of reserves adequacy (%citations) 
OM High FME 
DM Low FME 
EM 
• Ample 
■ Sufficient 
Insufficient 
Sample comprises of central banks only. Sample size shown n grey. 
EFTA00812147
--- PAGE 42 ---
Due to the lower capitalisation of local stock and 
bond markets, economic performance in DM Low 
FME countries is relatively less vulnerable to financial 
shocks than in DM High FME markets, giving Low FME 
central banks greater freedom to invest in higher risk 
asset classes. Furthermore, whereas most High FME 
central banks self-assess 'ample' reserves adequacy, 
the majority of Low FME central bank respondents 
describe reserve levels as 'sufficient', and are 
therefore more likely to seek higher returns through 
the investment tranche to improve their long-term 
reserves adequacy position (figure 31). 
Typically, emerging market central banks have the 
lowest levels of reserves adequacy due in large part to 
greater vulnerability to foreign shocks. Indeed, certain 
emerging market central banks with a currency peg 
noted that falling commodity prices had created 
pressure on the local currency, causing a drawdown 
of foreign reserves to maintain the peg. Countries 
with more flexible exchange rate arrangements are 
instead seeking greater exposure to risk asset classes 
to generate positive returns to preserve capital and 
maintain reserves adequacy. 
Fig 31. Investment tranche usage (% citations) 
Sample comprises of central banks only. 
Sample: OM High IME=6, DM Low FME=6 and EM=22. Note low sample. 
OM High FME=Hqh f inancial market dependency. DM Low FME=Lowfinancial market dependency. 
■ EM 
• DM Low FME 
DM High FME 
EFTA00812148
--- PAGE 43 ---
Emerging market central banks have pioneered 
investment tranches to generate greater returns 
and developed markets are exploring their ability 
to follow suit 
In last year's report we identified that emerging 
market reserve managers were developing an 
investment tranche, to diversify away from low-
yielding government bonds and generate better risk 
adjusted returns. This year, low interest rates again 
led EM central banks to increase the level of the 
investment tranche and invest in riskier asset classes, 
targeting higher returns over time to support future 
reserves adequacy. Additionally, certain emerging 
market central banks had recently relaxed fixed 
or managed exchange rate regimes, allowing 
for greater freedom to allocate reserves to the 
investment tranche. 
As central banks (including DM Low FME) 
expand the size and risk asset exposure of the 
investment tranche, they also are assessing how 
to best manage risk, return and cost, particularly 
where higher levels of reserves and depth of internal 
resources support developing internal management 
expertise. Central banks have a range of resources 
available in making their assessments, including 
case studies and performance data from those EM 
central banks reaching the end of the first cycle of 
risk assessments, with many respondents indicating 
their willingness to share such information with 
peers. While we note the long timeline for the first 
generation of EM central banks to establish their 
investment tranches (an average of 22 months across 
our emerging market sample), the availability of peer 
support and information sharing has the potential 
to create a positive network effect supporting 
future implementations. 
Central banks acknowledge the need for external 
support as they move out the risk spectrurn to 
corporate bonds and equities 
Typically, the development of the investment tranche 
starts with asset-backed securities (figure 32). The 
majority of central banks are comfortable managing 
investment grade government debt internally and 
perceive high grade asset-backed securities as 
comparable in terms of management requirements 
and risk profile. 
However, reserve managers are moving up the 
risk curve, primarily seeking to increase allocations 
to equities and corporate bonds (figure 33). Many 
respondents acknowledged they do not yet have 
the necessary internal governance process or risk 
management capability to manage these investments 
internally. Respondents also noted that while 
reserves management peers were able to assist 
them in planning the development of the investment 
tranche, their support often lacked technical detail 
on investment governance and asset management 
infrastructure. 
Emerging markets 
have led the 
development of the 
investment tranche 
due to the relative 
importance of capital 
preservation. 
Fig 32. First investment tranche asset class (0/0 citations) 
Asset-backed 
Equities 
securities 
'24 
Sample compnses of central banks only. 
Sample=30. 
Corporate bonds Alternatives 
Fig 33. Investment tranche asset class future increase (% citations) 
Equities 
Corporate bonds US agency MRS 
Agencies, 
Multilateral debt, 
Supranational 
debt 
Sample compreses of central banks only. 
Sample=30. 
I 
EFTA00812149
--- PAGE 44 ---
Central banks are seeking external assistance in 
building internal capability as well as for investment 
strategy and execution 
Central bank decisions on the allocation and risk 
profile of the investment tranche allocations are 
generally made internally. Reserves managers 
are seeking wider assistance in building internal 
investment frameworks to support their growing 
appetite for risk asset exposure, whether through 
asset management mandates or collaboration with 
academic and multi-lateral institutions such as the 
World Bank. Central banks will continue to look to 
external managers for their technical advisory and 
systems support (figure 34), as sovereigns have done 
over many years. 
While 87% of central bank respondents use an 
asset manager within their entire reserves portfolio, 
there is less usage when building the first investment 
tranche (figure 35). This reflects a bias to first develop 
internal capacity before outsourcing to external asset 
managers for alpha generation and expansion Into 
new asset classes. Central banks are reluctant to 
convert relationships into ongoing mandates until 
they have developed the capacity to oversee the risks 
incurred by external asset managers. Those that 
elect to allocate assets to external managers include 
requirements to continue supporting central banks in 
developing their own internal management capability. 
External managers must be patient and offer real 
value through transfer of experience, processes 
and technology, and must then have a sufficiently 
compelling value proposition to sustain a long-term 
commercial relationship. 
!serves managers 
it e seeking 
assistance in building 
internal investment 
frameworks to 
support growing risk 
appetite. 
Fig 34. Future asset manager support requirements 
(% citations, current users of external managers) 
Technology 
Systems 
Custodian 
advisory 
support 
services 
Broker 
relations 
Sample compnses of central banks who use external managers to manage assets. 
Sample.24. 
EFTA00812150
--- PAGE 45 ---
Fig 35. Use of external asset managers (0/0citations) 
Entire foreign reserves portfolio 
First investment tranche investment 
Samples comprise of central banks only. 
LHS Samp1e=27. RHS Sami:4e=31. 
• Yes 
■ No 
EFTA00812151
--- PAGE 46 ---
. •41 •-• 
• 
•• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
I 
e 
• • 
•
•
• 
• 
• • 
•
•
•
e
l
.
.
•
•
mew 
. 
. . • 
• 
. a 
, .7 4 
• . 
• 
;.* 
I • 
m.01P-
• 
• • 
r 
T 
/ 
A 
• 
• • • 
al& V/1 
11/AWar• • 
;
.• . 
wal 
It 
EFTA00812152
--- PAGE 47 ---
Pixel Cloud installation 
in the atrum of an office 
building, London 
EFTA00812153
--- PAGE 48 ---
Sample and methodology 
The fieldwork for this study was conducted by 
NMG's strategy consulting practice. Invesco chose 
to engage a specialist independent firm to ensure 
high-quality objective results. Key components of 
the methodology included: 
- A focus on the key decision makers within sovereign 
investors and central banks, conducting interviews 
using experienced consultants and offering market 
insights rather than financial incentives 
- In-depth (typically one-hour) face-to-face interviews 
using a structured questionnaire to ensure 
quantitative as well as qualitative analytics were 
collected 
- Analysis capturing investment preferences as well 
as actual investment allocations with a bias toward 
actual allocations over stated preferences 
- Results interpreted by NMG's strategy team with 
relevant consulting experience In the global asset 
management sector 
In 2017 we conducted interviews with 97 funds: 
sovereign investors (compared to 59 in 2016) 
and 35 central bank reserve managers (18 in 2016). 
The 2017 sovereign investor sample is split into three 
core segmentation parameters (sovereign investor 
profile, region and size of assets under management) 
in figures 36 to 38. The 2017 central bank sample is 
broken down by segment in figure 39. 
Fig 36. Sovereign investor sample 
r 2013 
2015 
2017 
2014 
2016 
By profile 
Investment 
Liability 
Liquidity 
Development 
sovereigns 
sovereigns 
sovereigns 
sovereigns 
L 
19 
, 
12 12 12 10 
12 15 1' 
9 
6 6 
By region 
The West 
1
Asia 
16 
12 13
I-
Middle East 
Emerging 
markets 
 o 8 8 9
By size of assets under management 
US$ 
10bn 
10-25bn 
25-100bn 
>100bn 
!iwr 
Sampie=62. 
14 
14 
12 
g 10 
_ 
Fig 37. Central bank sample by segment 
DM High FME 
Sampie=35. 
DM Low FME 
EM 
EFTA00812154
--- PAGE 49 ---
Invesco 
Invesco is a leading independent global investment 
management firm, dedicated to helping investors 
achieve their financial objectives. With offices 
globally, capabilities in virtually every asset class and 
investment style, a disciplined approach to investment 
management and a commitment to the highest 
standards of performance and client service - we are 
uniquely positioned to help institutional investors 
achieve their investment objectives. 
NMG Consulting - Shape your thinking 
NMG Consulting is a global consulting business 
operating in the insurance and investment markets. 
Our specialist focus, global insights programmes and 
unique network give us the inside track in insurance 
and investment markets, translating insights into 
opportunities. We provide strategy consulting, as 
wellas actuarial and research services to financial 
institutions including asset managers, insurers, 
reinsurers and fund managers. 
NMG's evidence-based insight programmes 
carry out interviews with industry-leading experts, 
top clients and intermediaries as a basis to analyse 
industry trends, competitive positioning and 
capability. Established programmes exist in asset and 
wealth management, life insurance and reinsurance 
across North America, the UK and Europe, Asia 
Pacific, South Africa and the Middle East. 
EFTA00812155
--- PAGE 50 ---
Important Information 
This document is intended only for Professional 
Clients and Financial Advisers in Continental Europe 
(as defined in the important information); for 
Qualified Investors in Switzerland; for Professional 
Clients in, Dubai, Jersey, Guernsey, Isle of Man, 
Ireland and the UK, for Institutional Investors in the 
United States and Australia, for Institutional Investors 
and/or Accredited Investors in Singapore, for 
Professional Investors only in Hong Kong, for Qualified 
Institutional Investors, pension funds and distributing 
companies in Japan; for Wholesale Investors (as 
defined in the Financial Markets Conduct Act) in 
New Zealand, for accredited investors as defined 
under National Instrument 45-106 in Canada, for 
certain specific Oualified Institutions/Sophisticated 
Investors only in Taiwan and for one-on-one use with 
Institutional Investors in Bermuda, Chile, Panama 
and Peru. 
For the distribution of this document, Continental 
Europe is defined as Austria, Belgium, France, 
Finland, Greece, Luxembourg, Norway, Portugal, 
Denmark, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, 
Sweden and Switzerland. 
This document is for information purposes only 
and is not an offering. It is not intended for and should 
not be distributed to, or relied upon by members of 
the public. Circulation, disclosure, or dissemination 
of all or any part of this material to any unauthorised 
persons is prohibited. 
All data provided by Invesco as at 31 March 2017, 
unless otherwise stated. The opinions expressed 
are current as of the date of this publication, are 
subject to change without notice and may differ 
from other Invesco investment professionals. The 
document contains general information only and 
does not take into account individual objectives, 
taxation position or financial needs. Nor does this 
constitute a recommendation of the suitability of any 
investment strategy for a particular investor. This 
is not an invitation to subscribe for shares in a fund 
nor is it to be construed as an offer to buy or sell any 
financial instruments. While great care has been taken 
to ensure that the information contained herein is 
accurate, no responsibility can be accepted for any 
errors, mistakes or omissions or for any action taken 
in reliance thereon. You may only reproduce, circulate 
and use this document (or any part of it) with the 
consent of Invesco. 
Additional information for recipients in: 
Australia 
This document has been prepared only for those 
persons to whom Invesco has provided it. It should 
not be relied upon by anyone else. Information 
contained in this document may not have been 
prepared or tailored for an Australian audience and 
does not constitute an offer of a financial product 
in Australia. You should note that this information: 
- may contain references to amounts which are not 
in local currencies; 
- may contain financial information which is not 
prepared in accordance with Australian law 
or practices; 
- may not address risks associated with investment 
in foreign currency denominated investments; 
and does not address Australian tax issues. 
Hong Kong 
This document is provided to Professional Investors 
in Hong Kong only (as defined in the Hong Kong 
Securities and Futures Ordinance and the Securities 
and Futures (Professional Investor) Rules). 
New Zealand 
This document is issued only to wholesale investors 
in New Zealand to whom disclosure is not required 
under Part 3 of the Financial Markets Conduct Ad. 
This document has been prepared only for those 
persons to whom it has been provided by Invesco. 
It should not be relied upon by anyone else and must 
not be distributed to members of the public in New 
Zealand. Information contained in this document may 
not have been prepared or tailored for a New Zealand 
audience. You may only reproduce, circulate and use 
this document (or any part of it) with the consent 
of Invesco. This document does not constitute and 
should not be construed as an offer of, invitation 
or proposal to make an offer for, recommendation 
to apply for, an opinion or guidance on Interests to 
members of the public in New Zealand. Applications 
or any requests for information from persons who 
are members of the public in New Zealand will not 
be accepted. 
Singapore 
This document may not be circulated or distributed, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than to an institutional investor pursuant 
to Section 304 of the Securities and Futures Act, 
Chapter 289 of Singapore (the ISFA') or otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. This 
document is for the sole use of the recipient on an 
institutional offer basis and/ or accredited investors 
and cannot be distributed within Singapore by way 
of a public offer, public advertisement or in any 
other means of public marketing. 
EFTA00812156
--- PAGE 51 ---
This document is issued in: 
Australia by Invesco Australia Limited (ABN 48 001 
693 232), Level 26, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, 
Victoria, 3000, Australia, which holds an Australian 
Financial Services License number 239916. 
Austria by Invesco Asset Management Osterreich - 
Zweigniederlassung der Invesco Asset Management 
Deutschland GmbH, Rotenturmstrasse 16-18, 
A-1010 Vienna. 
Belgium by Invesco Asset Management SA Belgian 
Branch (France), Avenue Louise 235, B-1050 
Brussels. 
Canada by Invesco Canada Ltd., 5140 Yonge Street, 
Suite 800, Toronto, Ontario, M2N 6X7. 
Dubai by Invesco Asset Management Limited, Po Box 
506599, DIFC Precinct Building No 4, Level 3, Office 
305, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Regulated by the 
Dubai Financial Services Authority. 
France, Finland, Greece, Luxembourg, Norway, 
Portugal and Denmark, by Invesco Asset Management 
SA, 16-18 rue de Londres, 75009 Paris. 
Germany by Invesco Asset Management Deutschland 
GmbH, An der Welle 5, 60322 Frankfurt am Main. 
Hong Kong by Invesco Hong Kong Limited -a1014101 
2BIVR/433,41/F, Champion Tower, Three Garden 
Road, Central, Hong Kong. 
the Isle of Man and Ireland by Invesco Global Asset 
Management DAC, Central Ouay, Riverside IV, Sir 
John Rogerson's Ouay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Regulated 
in Ireland by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Italy by Invesco Asset Management S.A. - Italian 
Branch, Via Bocchetto 6, 20123, Italy. 
Japan by Invesco Asset Management (Japan) Limited, 
Roppongi Hills Mod Tower 141, 6-10-1 Roppongi, 
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-6114; Registration Number: 
The Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau 
(Kin-she) 306; Member of the Investment Trusts 
Association, Japan and the Japan Investment 
Advisers Association. 
Jersey and Guernsey by Invesco International Limited, 
2nd Floor, Orviss House, 17a Oueen Street, St Helier, 
Jersey, JE2 4WD. Regulated by the Jersey Financial 
Services Commission. 
The Netherlands by Invesco Asset Management S.A., 
Dutch Branch, UN Studio Building, Parnassusweg 
819, 1082 LZ, Amsterdam, Netherlands. 
New Zealand by Invesco Australia Limited (ABN 
001 693 232), Level 26, 333 Collins Street, 
Melbourne, Victoria, 3000, Australia, which holds 
an Australian Financial Services License number 
239916. 
Singapore by Invesco Asset Management Singapore 
Ltd, 9 Raffles Place, *18-01 Republic Plaza, 
Singapore 048619. 
Spain by Invesco Asset Management SA, Sucursal en 
Espaha, C/GOYA 6, 3rd floor, 28001 Madrid, Spain. 
Sweden by Invesco Asset Management SA, 
Swedish Filial, Stureplan 4c, 4th floor, 114 35 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
Switzerland by Invesco Asset Management (Schweiz) 
AG, Talacker 34, CH-8001 Zurich, Switzerland. 
Taiwan by Invesco Taiwan Limited, 221, No.1, Songzhi 
Road, Taipei 11047, Taiwan (0800-045-066). 
Invesco Taiwan Limited is operated and managed 
independently. 
the UK by Invesco Asset Management Limited, 
Perpetual Park, Perpetual Park Drive, Henley-on-
Thames, Oxfordshire RG9 1HH. Authorised and 
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. 
the United States of America by Invesco Advisers, 
Inc., Two Peachtree Pointe, 1555 Peachtree Street, 
N.W., Suite 1800, Atlanta, Georgia 30309, US. 
EFTA00812157
--- PAGE 52 ---
EFTA00812158

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812159.pdf
----------------------------------------
/
Oeuiezooa 
09:19 
2. 12
Dia 
UN-a7-9. 
ea• G7 PRON.TRUMP HOTEL&RSiutt r• 
f
Adeil fefifilis 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
EXHIBIT "C" 
For more information conact 
Donald J. Trump (212) 832-2000 
New York, June 13, 2000 — Dolled J. Trump and Nicholas L. Ribis today confirmed that 
they' have mutually agreed to cad their formal. professional relationship. The announcement comes 
at the conclusion of the second the year contact between Mr. Ribis and Trump Hotels & Casino 
Resorts, inc. 
Mr. Trump commented. 'Nick Ribis has worked closely with me since the early 1 
the evolution of our gaming compary into a publicly-evened entity. Given ray desire to playa greet' 
role in the Company's day-to-day activities, loan understand Nick's decision to pursue other 
opportunities at the chief executive officer level." 
Mr. Ribis said that the time was right for a career change. "Donald's Nev. York City real 
estate business has reached an unparalleled level and he, appropriately, wants to focus on Atlantic 
CI tY, his other principal activity. While Donald and I have been a team for many years, there is only 
:Qom for ono decision-maker in any organization. I respect Donald's decision to focus on Atlantic 
City and wish !aim wen.-
Mr. Ribis' tenure with Trump includes 14 years as an outside attorney and 10 years as Chief 
Executive of first The Trump Organization and Latex Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts, Inc.. Mr. 
Ribis has entered into a one-year agrecnnem to wcrt on special projects for The Trump Organizztion. 
EFTA00812159

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812160.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00812160

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812161.pdf
----------------------------------------
Statement of 
the Incorporator 
A document signed by the Incorporator, which 
identifies the initial directors of the corporation. 
incfilefla 
EFTA00812161
--- PAGE 2 ---
STATE of ARIZONA 
STATEMENT and RESIGNATION of the INCORPORATOR 
A NONPROFIT CORPORATION 
The undersigned, the Incorporator of THE ORIGINS PROJECT FOUNDATION INC., who signed and filed its 
Articles of Incorporation (or similar organizing document) with the Arizona Secretary of State (or other appropriate 
state office), appoints the following individuals to serve as directors of the corporation, who shall serve as directors 
until the first meeting of shareholders for the election of directors and until their successors are elected and agree 
to serve on the board: 
Name and address of each initial director: 
LAWRENCE KRAUSS 
17575 BLUE HERON CT, 
LAKE OSWEGO, OR 97034 
JOHN EDWARDS 
4201 E LAKESIDE LN, 
PARADISE VALLEY, AZ 85253 
JOSEPH LOGAN 
9576 E KIISA DR, 
SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85262 
STEVEN HORNE 
737 HAVENRIDGE DR SW, 
CONYERS, GA 30094 
Additionally, the undersigned does hereby tender his/her resignation as Incorporator for the Corporation, and from 
any and all involvement with, control of, or authority over the Corporation, real or perceived, effective immediately. 
Dated: December 17th, 2018 
liurskaSika, 
Marsha Siha, Incorporator 
EFTA00812162

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812163.pdf
----------------------------------------
5253 NW 55th Ter 
Coconut Creek FL 33073 
CMCPOOLS 
JMC Pool Services Corp. 
(561) 866 5913 
Invoice 
Bill To: 
Darren Indyke 
Invoice No: 
111151783 
Date: 
11/26/2017 
6030 Le Lac Road Boca Raton 33496 
Due Date: 
12/03/2017 
Ship To: 
6030 Le Lac Road Boca Raton 33496 
Tracking No 
Ship Via 
FOB 
PREPARATION (Drain Pool, secure hydrostatic pressure, remove all hollows, extend returns and light niche as needed, 
acid wash and apply Bond Note). 
$1,800.00 
Supply and Install Tile with $14.00 Material allowance (Remove existing tile, stucco tile waterline, thin set new tile and 
grout). 
$7,150.00 
Supply and Apply NASSAU RESERVE Florida Stucco Finish 
$11,280.00 
Jandy Watercolors LEO pool Light 100ft cord 
S980.00 
"Indicates nontaxable item 
Notes 
AGREED DISCOUNT OF $2170.00 
(Paid)
Subtotal 
Discount 
Shipping 
Total 
PAID 
$1,800.00' 
$7,150.00* 
$11,280.00* 
$2,940.00* 
$23,170.00 
S2,170.00 
$0.00 
$21,000.00 
$21,000.00 
Balance Due 
$0.00 
1/2 
EFTA00812163
--- PAGE 2 ---
JMC Pool Services Corp. • Invoice 111151783 • 11/26/2017 
JMC Pool Services Corp. 
JMC Pool Services Corp. 
11/12/2017 
/ 2 
EFTA00812164

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812165.pdf
----------------------------------------
AAI Scientific Cultural Services Ltd. (AAISCS) 
do Drs Andreas loannides and Lichan Liu 
Galaxias Office 501 
Arch Makarios III Avenue 
1065 Nicosia, Cyprus 
Phone +357 22460228 Fax +357 22028060 
VAT registration no: CY 10153104S 
TIC No: 12153104U 
To: Dr Peter Fenwick MB BChir DPM FRCPsych 
Neu ropsychiatry Office 
Herne Hill 
London SE24 9OP 
Tel 44(0)207 738 5188 
AA 
SCIENTIFIC 
CULTURAL 
SERVICES 
INVOICE 
INVOICE #1748 
DATE: 3 MARCH 2017 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
Professional services and consultation for contract work with Dr Peter 
Fenwick (PF): 
• Receive the already collected EEG data from Professor Joydeep 
Batacharya (JB) of Goldsmiths College from a study of Alain 
Forget and two students. 
• Analyse this data and provide source analysis in all conditions 
which were investigated and compare conditions. 
• In liaison with PF and JB and provide them with raw images as 
required for the preparation of a paper and a conference 
presentation. The pictures will be in a format (e.g. ps or pdf or 
jpeg) as requested. Edit the pictures to fit for conference 
presentation and journal publication . 
6500 GBP 
(€ 7386) 
TOTAL PAYABLE 
If you have any questions concerning this invoice, contact invoice@aaiscs.com 
Thank you for your business! 
6500 GBP 
(€ 7386) 
EFTA00812165

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812166.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. Jeffrey EPSTEIN 
East 71 Street 
NEW YORK 
NY 10001 
RE : 9 East 71 Street 
STATEMENT DATED OF 09/04/2018 
TRAVEWNG EXPENSES AND SHIPPING 
SUPPLIERS 
DESCRIPTION 
TEC (EUROS) 
AIR France 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
30/03/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
4022,918 
AIR France 
Mr Dufour's travel 
30/03/2016 • Paris / NYC / Paris 
022,918 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
30/03/2016 to 01/04/2011 
1400,13
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Dufour 's hotel 
30/03/2016 to 01/04/2011 
090,01 € 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels 
18/09/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
793,408 
LE PARKER MERIDIEN 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
18/09/2016 to 20/09/2011 
1960,868 
LE PARKER MERIDIEN 
Mr Vilette's hotel 
18/09/2016 to 20/09/2011 
1956,650 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels (Extra cost) 
30/11/2016 - Paris/ NYC / Paris 
800,00C 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels 
14/12/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
3397,600 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
14/12/2016 to 16/12/2011 
2069,770 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Vilette's hotel 
14/12/2016 to 16/12/2016 
1785,018 
SIMON JONES 
Shipping for the collection, export packing and road transportation of Christies • Lot 491 
695,888 
PHELIPPEAU 
Phelippeau's staff travels 
March to April 2017 
460,00C 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
10/04/2017 to 13/04/2017 
2299,190 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
10/04/2017 to 13/04/2017 
3072,15 C 
IFL 
Pickup In Paris, handling and crating in the warehouse custom export formalities and delivery to Roissl 
924,65 C 
IFL 
Pickup in Paris, handling and crating In the warehouse custom export formalities and delivery to Roissl 
465,000 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
05/06/2017 • Paris/ NYC / Paris 
2297,098 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
05/06/2017 to 08/06/2017 
2925,168 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr VIlette's travels 
25/07/2017 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
592,708 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
25/07/2017 to 27/07/2017 
1292,830 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Vilette's hotel 
25/07/2017 to 27/07/2017 
1305,880 
IN. 
Pickup in Paris, packing and shipments by a Idreight and seafreight 
119,77C 
PHELIPPEAU 
Phelippeau's staff travels 
June to July 2017 
757,00E 
IFL 
Pickup in Paris, packing and shipments to New York insurance indudeo 
926,97C 
COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr %Melte', travels 
06/02/2018 • Paris / NYC / Paris 
984,40 C 
COMPAGNIE 
• 
3492,200 
IFL MARS 
Pickup in Paris, packing and crating 
816,36C 
TOTAL (EUROS) 
160 742,088 
EFTA00812166

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812167.pdf
----------------------------------------
CABINET ALBERT@ PINTO 
Paris, April 9th, 2018 
Mr. Jeffrey EPSTEIN 
East 71 Street 
NEW YORK 
NY 10001 
DEPOSIT 
Re: 
East 71 Street 
4rd Deposit on loose decorative work budget 
139 058,00 
TOTAL WITHOUT VAT 
Our bank details 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CENTRE D'AFFAIRES PARIS 
147, rue de Rennes 
75006 PARIS 
Nom de compte 
Cabinet Alberto Pinto SARL 
Banque 
18206 
Guichet 
00280 
N° de compte 
483 813 001 
Clé 
IBAN 
FR76 1820 6002 8042 4838 1300 136 
BIC 
AGRIFRPP882 
139 058,00 
EUROS 
Hôtel de la Victoire 11, rue d'Aboukir, 75002 Paris - Tél. 33(0)1 40 13 00 00 - Fax 33(0)1 40 13 75 99 
S.A.R.L. au capital de 3 162 000 € - SIRET 494 844 764 00014 - APE 7410Z - N° INTRA FR 354 948 447 64 
EFTA00812167

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812168.pdf
----------------------------------------
CABINET ALBERTO PINTO 
CABINET ALBERTO PINTO 
PARIS, April, 9th 2018 
Mr JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EAST 71 STREET 
NEW YORK 
NY 10001 
REF: 
East 71 Street 
NOTE DE DEBOURS 1 
QTY 
LIBELLE 
PRIX TTC 
TOTAL TUC 
Travelling and shipping expenses as per statement dated 
of 09/04/2018 
160 942,08E 
160 942.08 € 
TOTAL (EUR) 
160 942,08 € 
Hotel de la Victoire 11, rue d'Aboukir, 75002 Paris - Tel. 33(0)1 40 13 00 00 - Fax 33(0)1 40 13 75 99 
al ,kzehm•
itA49 
fsHoorAFtwpoioisq rtwin 
mnorFR.154,§44 nt,96c, R 354 948 447 64 
S.A.R.L. au capital depateitSaVattl 
SI-
°411,i 
e 
ouu t :biRt r 49458844 t64-000YrAPE 74'10121'N° 
EFTA00812168

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812169.pdf
----------------------------------------
ERRALD HERVEY D. DANN 
SUMMARY 
KEY SKILLS 
SKILLS AND ACCOMPLISHMENT 
EXPERIENCED -------------------------------
EFTA00812169
--- PAGE 2 ---
SEMINAR ATTENDED 
EDUCATION 
EFTA00812170

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812171.pdf
----------------------------------------
"The Jewish Museum" Commercial 
Script 
Screenwriter: Alexander Dobrovinsky 
A warm evening in beautiful Odessa at the very beginning of the 20th century. 
We see tables outside a luxury cafe. One of the tables is occupied by a famous, 
known by the entire Odessa bulk jeweler Mr. Rapoport and his beloved daughter. 
Both are beautifully dressed. If one didn't know they are Jewish, they could look 
Italian or French. He is wearing a bowler hat. She took off her straw hat with soft 
flowing brims and put it on a chair near her. 
People leisurely stroll up and down the boulevards; water and newspaper 
merchants run around. Dignified policemen pass us by, and a couple of local 
barefoot townies look at them with a smirk and a touch of disdain. The sea is in front 
of us. Idyllic Odessa. 
— Listen, katzele, I don't like it too much. When something in the country is 
not going the way they want, of course the Jews are to blame. And I just received a 
letter from New York, from your uncle. He says he is doing well there. Although 
you know him - lying to me is as easy for him as breathing in the morning. Surely, 
life is not easy there, and even proper people sometimes have to eat treif meat. But 
there are no pogroms there yet. Perhaps you and your husband would think it over 
and go and stay there for a year or two? Maybe maximum three years, G-d forbid. 
Until things settle down here. Do you think I have anything more important than 
your well-being? 
— But what about you, Daddy? How can I be there without you? It's 
unthinkable! Don't be ridiculous! I can't live without you. And what about Bella? 
— Your sister is completely into art. I wish she was completely into diamonds, 
like her father and grandfather. But can I make my children do something against 
their will? Of course, I can do nothing of that sort, I love them too much. She wants 
to go to Paris? Well, let her go to Paris. And while I'm alive, I will pay for 
everything...But can I move? Just leave my business behind? And who would 
support the family? 
— Daddy, but children! They will forget their Yiddish, far less Russian! Will 
you write to me? Every day? Every week? 
— Of course! By all means. One more thing... You talk to me. All the time. I 
hear everything my daughter is saying, wherever she is saying it. And even when I 
am no longer here, you will hear me, and I will hear you. Why are you crying? Death 
is a part of life. And if the Creator wanted it this way, then it's right. Who are we to 
argue with him? And I will always help you, both in this world, and from there. 
— Daddy! I love you so much! I would like to die in your arms! 
— No, Rivka! You must live. 
A young man is passing by with a huge photo camera on a tripod. 
— Mister Rapoport! Can I take a photograph of you and your daughter! I'll give 
you a good price. 
EFTA00812171
--- PAGE 2 ---
— Wow, Daddy, let's preserve that memory: it's such a beautiful evening in 
Odessa! 
Daddy could never refuse his child anything. 
Photographer: 
— Smile! 
The photographer gets under the black cloth of his huge camera. We hear a 
muffled voice: "Look here!" and then the screen is covered with the white smoke 
from the flash. 
When the smoke and the blinding light disappear, we see a brownish sepia photo 
of the father and daughter. She put her head on the shoulder of the father she so 
loves. They are sitting there, full of beauty and dignity, looking directly at the camera 
— that is, at us. Both are smiling. 
[The dialog that follows has the background of a continuous flow of 
photographs and historical videos. Sometimes these photos and video shots turn into 
years — i.e., into the four-digit numbers that we understand as years. Then numbers 
fall apart, burn or just break down into particles. Meanwhile, the dialog never stops. 
We get a feeling that it's a continuous talk between two people that could take place 
in someone's living room. They just haven't seen each other for a long time. There 
are practically no pauses between the men's lines and the woman's lines. One 
remark flows out of the other.] 
— It was horrific. Our neighbors, simple Russian people, saved us. May G-d 
give them health. None in our family got murdered. And the police did not do 
anything, they just looked the other way. But your nanny, old Pesya, is not with us 
anymore... Her son, blacksmith Motaele — you remember, that big guy — killed four 
for his little sister... and they did not spare anyone in his entire family. You think 
it's the last pogrom? I am not so sure... 
— Bella writes that she lives in Montparnasse. She is doing great. The only 
thing is, all people there are from somewhere else. And they have strange last names: 
Fujita, Picasso... There are some of ours, too: some Movsha Shagal, but here he 
became Marik. He, a frenchman... It's hilarious. 
— She says that everything is fine, but there are rumors of the coming war. 
Does she send you post cards, to Odessa? 
— Oh, terrible... Moishe was drafted. And your younger brother has 
completely lost his mind; he wants to riot. He writes some proclamations. 
Meshuganer. He will not end well. Why me? 
— Maybe we can return now? Revolution is Freedom! I cannot be away from 
you any longer! Besides, we can't seem to make it in this New York. Everything is 
so bad here, and the place is not beautiful at all. Where is my beloved Odessa? I miss 
you so, so much, Daddy! 
EFTA00812172
--- PAGE 3 ---
— You know, things were just starting to get back to normal with that their New 
Economic Policy when we got robbed. I don't think I will have the strength to start 
everything from scratch. So, we are the chosen people? It seems we were chosen 
only to suffer. Oh, Almighty, forgive me for such words and thoughts. Everything 
is well: my children are alive and I should be happy! 
— Finally, my shlimazel husband found a job, and we are moving to some town 
called Hollywood. Daddy, I know, I know... It is embarrassing that your daughter 
has a film director for a husband, but there was no other way; besides, everybody 
says he's got talent. 
— Oh, what is happening here... Yes, I am not writing to you, but I am afraid. 
But you do hear your alter father, don't you? That barefoot townie Boruch became 
a grosse man at KGB. He wants me to die earlier than my time. And, you know, he 
won't have to wait too long. But Moishe fulfilled his dream and became a surgeon. 
He is even in the newspapers: he saves some workers and peasants in Moscow. His 
entire room is filled with flowers that people give him. I wonder, does he get paid 
for what he does, or does he eat the flowers? I want to move to Moscow to be with 
him. 
— Daddy! I just read in a newspaper that Boris was executed. That's terrible. I 
can't wrap my mind around it, I've been crying for a week, that's all I could do. He, 
the enemy of the people? I left so long ago, I don't understand: is he the enemy of 
our or their people? Daddy, how are you? DADDY! 
— Rivka, my beloved, adored daughter! It's been several years that I'm gone. I 
left soon after my younger son. It's not proper for children to go before their parents. 
So I caught up with Boruch. Almost all of your mother's family died at Babiy Yar; 
Yasha received a medal for liberating Smolensk. 
And Moishe is also a hero. Of all the boys, I am most proud of him! He received 
some high rank, and he never leaves the hospital now; he operates 12 hours in a row 
every day. If you only knew what hands he's got! And Izya, the pianist, our relative, 
also came back from war. But he only has one hand now. So he'll play the flute. Just 
kidding! What else am I there to do in heaven? Cry? I did enough of that on earth.... 
— Daddy! I haven't talked to you in so long... Although you probably know 
all about me. My youngest David, my Davidka, my curly ingele, died in Normandy. 
But your other three grandchildren are getting more and more good-looking. 
William is a lawyer, Rebeccah got into psychology, and Harry is working with his 
father. By the way, my husband, who you always called a shlimazel, received his 
second Oscar. Do you know what Oscar is? But once a schlimazel, always a 
shlimazel. If it were not for me... All your grandchildren and great-grandchildren 
know about you and remember you. That means you are with us. 
— My son was arrested, my distinguished medical doctor son, a war hero and 
a man who had saved thousands of lives, was arrested, and your beloved brother will 
probably be executed — Moishele, my quiet ayid, who hasn't hurt one living thing. 
But I only ask you for one thing: do not betray our Faith. Bring up your 
grandchildren well. The Almighty has tested us, and we need to go through this, too. 
I love you and protect you. Daddy. 
EFTA00812173
--- PAGE 4 ---
— I just had a surgery. I can barely walk. But still, I hobbled to be at the 
demonstration to support the Jews leaving the Soviet Union. After my shlimazel, my 
first and only man, died, I almost have no strength left. I think we will see each other 
soon. Your great-granchildren want to go to Russia to find your grave. Daddy, help 
them. 
— I don't understand anything — what's going on there?! And who is this young 
rabbi that you keep pointing at all the time? And Israel? There was no such state 
when I was alive. So who is it? There are so many of us now around the world that 
I can't even keep track of all my relatives. As you can see, katzele, I am old now 
even by local standards. So who is it? 
— Daddy! You will be laughing, but this rabbi is your great-great-granson. And 
you will be laughing again; you know what he's called? Just like you! Mom, come 
look, he's so handsome! And you know the name of that newborn meidele, that one 
his wife is holding? Stay there and look here. Her name is Rivka — just like me! And 
you know where they live? 
— ...It can't be! N000! I want to see that. Does everything really come back... 
Rivka, tell me about Bella, too, and also about... 
[Cue in music] 
The Jewish Museum in Moscow. A Hollywood star, a young and very famous 
actress of Jewish descent is looking at exhibits, surrounded by a crowd of reporters, 
camera people and bodyguards. 
In the "Odessa Cafe" section, we can see little tables, with walls covered with 
postcards and photos from turn of the 20th century Odessa. One of the photos is 
known to us: Rivka and her father. Nobody knows how it ended up there. Nobody 
knows who is in the photo. 
A man stops by the exhibit. He is about the same age as Mr. Rapoport from the 
photo on the wall. He is wearing a suit and a bow-tie (of course, a very different one 
than Mr. Rapoport's), in a stylish small Panama hat... and he looks somewhat like 
our character from a hundred years before. 
The movie star keeps looking at the photo and then at the man in the Panama 
hat. She turns to a person accompanying her (possibly a translator), and asks him 
something. We hear only his response: "It's a very famous Moscow lawyer". She 
decides to address him. 
[in English] 
— Sorry to trouble you, but the person in this photo and you... are identical. 
Look. 
The lawyer smiles and comes closer to the exhibit. He studies the photo and 
suddenly says: 
— And the young woman next to «me» is you! 
The crowd and the star laugh and look into the image. 
She says: 
EFTA00812174
--- PAGE 5 ---
— True. I really do look like that lady. What a strange coincidence! 
One of the photographers in the crowd suggests that the actress and the lawyer 
sit down at the table in the same positions as in the photo on the wall and take a 
photo. 
Feeling a little self-conscious, the actress and the lawyer sit down and take the 
same position as in the old photo. 
We hear a clicking sound, and a blinding light fills the screen — exactly like in 
Odessa back then. 
When the smoke/light disappear, we see a huge, the size of the entire screen, 
brown cepia photo from Odessa back then. Mr. Rapoport's daughter Rivka put her 
head on his shoulder. They are looking in the camera and smiling. 
In the background we see another photo; it is smaller, but it is in color, and it's 
from our days. 
The lawyer and the actress. In the same positions. And smiling the same way. 
[Titles: Moscow. The Jewish Museum and Tolerance Center. Ulitsa 
Obraztsova, 11, Bldg 1A. Open every day, except on shabbat and public holidays. 
Sunday — Thursday from 12:00 pm to 10 pm; Friday 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.] 
EFTA00812175

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812176.pdf
----------------------------------------
You have asked for a fresh consideration of the question of a 
future design of the firm's operations—and for our working 
relationship. This question is one that raises complex elements, ie. 
your unique historical position, the economic power of the firm 
moving forward , and with matters related to how you wish to 
spend your personal time in coming years. 
In considering these issues, as keeping paramount ,the values you 
stand for, the firms reputation now and in the future, a number 
of elements come quickly to the fore. Hopefully an agreement can 
be worked out that fully captures the economics you desire and 
maintains the elements that you find most important to your 
legacy. To be able to craft a meaningful proposal it would be of 
great help if you could guide me in the following . 
1. How do you envision ownership and control of the firm moving 
forward. 
2. How do we decide which client matters will be pursued and on 
what basis? 
3. How should the economics be allocated over time? 
4. How much time do you want to spend on firm business moving 
forward. 
5. What "red lines" mark off areas that we should avoid now and 
in the future? 
For this venture to be successful, it will obviously require both 
your endorsement and support. So the puzzle now is to find a way 
to formalize your desires and develop a structure that fits your 
needs. . A next step after receiving your answers might be for us 
to sit and talk through these ideas hopeful that they might 
generate some alternative structures . 
EFTA00812176
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00812177

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812178.pdf
----------------------------------------
Comprehensive Orthopaedic Global STT 
Foothills Professional Bldg 
STE 206 
St Thomas. VI 00802 
Date: 11/28/2018 
Time: 3:10:PM:AST 
Trans Type: 
Sale! 
Customer ID: 
Transaction tr: 
66759309 
Name: 
Account: 
6512 
Ezp Date: 
Card Type: 
VISA 
Entry. 
Manual 
AuthCode: 
028862 
Result: 
APPROVED 
Message: 
AUTH TKT 028862.
Description 
Total Amt: $ 
171.02 
I Agree to Pay Above Total 
Amount According to Card 
Issuer Agreement (Merchant 
Agreement if Credit Voucher) 
Signature X 
!Merchant Copy 
EFTA00812178
--- PAGE 2 ---
Comprehensive Orthopedk GlobaLPLLC 
9151 ESTATE THOMAS 
SAINT THOMAS, V1.008025165 
Tel: 340.779.2663 Fax: 340.779.2443 
Receipt of Payment 
Received 
Date: 
11/28/2018 
From 
HenrikMid 
Payment ID: 
109819 
Amount : 
171.02 
Payment 
PROMPT PAY 
CREDI- CARD 
Type 
PROMPT PAY CREDIT CARD  
No: 
028862 
Charges Details 
Date 
11/28/2018 
11/28/2018 
11/28/2018 
11/28/2018 
Code Desaiption 
99213 OFFICE OP LOW COMPLEX 
68427 LIST CUR MEDS W/DOSAGES DO 
PROV 
G8730 PAIN ASSESS POS TOOL F/U PLA 
Patient Payment 
Total 
Account Balance Summary 
Total Balance : 0.00 
Patient Balance : 0.00 
Insurance BalanCe : 0.00 
C BY 
NJ DOC 
Units 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Fees 
171.00 
0.01 
0.01. 
Payment 
-- ----
171.02 
171.02 
171.02 
Page I of 2 
EFTA00812179

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812180.pdf
----------------------------------------
M. ARDA BE KARDES, ES . 
417 Bergen Street I Brooklyn, NY 11217 I t 
I f + 
INVOICE 
October 6, 2017 
Ms. 
Via Electronic Mail 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
PREPARATION AND FILING OF A NATURALIZATION APPLICATION: 
Attorney Fees: 
Government Filing Fees: 
$ 
3000.00 (due) 
$ 
725.00 (not due) 
TOTAL LEGAL AND GOVERNMENT FEES: 
$ 
3725.00 
PAID AMOUNT: 
$ 
0.00 
AMOUNT DUE: 
$ 
3000.00 
Let us know if you have any questions or concerns. 
You can send us 
a check at the above address. 
Alternatively, you can make a direct 
deposit to our Chase Bank Account: 
Mehmet Arda Beskardes, Esq. 
Chase Bank 
417 Bergen Street 
Brooklyn, NY 11217 
ABA/ Routing Number: 
Account Number: 
Swift code: 
Thank You! 
EFTA00812180

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812181.pdf
----------------------------------------
7Greenscape Design 
SERVING THE PALM BEACHES SINCE 1985 
February 5, 2015 
Mr. Epstein, 
PALM TREES/HARDWOOD TREES 
I have been reviewing and training one of your employees, Dubsten. (spelling?) He is a 
great employee and a true asset to your island estate. I worked and trained with him for 
three days and he has picked up on the proper way to trim palm trees and how to prune 
the hardwood trees that are currently on your island. Unfortunately, with such a large 
property and with so many trees and palms, I don't think Dubsten alone can keep up 
with the proper pruning and trimming techniques. In my opinion, I think the best and 
quickest solution will be to bring down five of my employees, including a supervisor to 
start with corrective tree and palm pruning. Over the years, the palms and trees have 
been trimmed improperly due to lack of knowledge. I feel that my employees would be 
able to complete the work faster and in a more professional manner, which would free 
up your employees to start working on correcting other smaller landscape issues. 
(Grass, irrigation etc.) 
Once we have corrected the issues, I can put together a pruning schedule, which would 
be twice a year. At that time we can make the decision to have my employees do it or 
have Dubsten start maintaining the trees and palms. I think if Dubsten can work with my 
employees he would have a better understanding and the proper techniques for the 
future. He would also be able to train your other employees and hopefully they will 
eventually be able to handle the tree and palm trimming on their own. I would be able to 
send my employees down once a month for a week's time. I think after four to five trips 
we would be able to complete the corrective trimming of all palms and hardwoods. After 
completion of the trimming, the landscape overall will look and perform much better. 
SOD (around main pool area) 
The sod around the main pool area is not being maintained properly at this time. 
Currently, it is being trimmed with a weed eater. The current zoysia sod there should be 
maintained with a real mower and not a weed eater. It should also be verticut once a 
year (usually around May or June) and then sanded. The zoysia lawn should also be 
water jetted or spiked and sanded (usually done in march) and in doing so, you will 
have a much tighter and greener lawn, which will look like a pulling green. 
The other option would be installing an artificial zoysia lawn, which would always be 
green, you would never need water or fertilizer and it would be minimal maintenance. 
Your employees would have to sand it every three to four months. If you choose to go 
with the artificial turf I can send my employees down to install it. If you would like, I can 
send you samples of the current choices of artificial turf. There are various types that 
you can choose from. The options go from very tight, like a putting green, all the way up 
EFTA00812181
--- PAGE 2 ---
to two-inch blades. 
VINES ON WALLS 
The current vines on the walls are very small and the weeds are choking them out 
quicker then they can climb up the walls. I spoke to Chris and he told me that you like to 
have the vines covering the rock walls. If you choose to do so, you will have to spray all 
weeds on the walls first then bring in large vines (eight to twelve foot) vines to start. It is 
preferred to bring in larger vines that are already established so that they can cover the 
walls faster before the weeds can return. 
We can contract grow large Allamanda vines for you. Or there is another type of vine 
called a Sea Plum vine, which does great with saltwater and high winds. I spoke to 
Chris about a product called Vapor Lock. It is a product that you can spray on your 
current landscape that will help with the salt burn. It would absolutely help with your 
blooming bushes from getting burned. It is not a cure all, but will it will dramatically help 
with the salt and windburn. 
UNDERPLANTINGS 
Overall, the under plantings are doing pretty well. There are some areas around the 
main house that need to be filled in with quality and salt tolerant plants. El aware of 
your current deer issue, but at the same time you would like fragrant plants which deer 
love. My suggestion would be to put in large Yellow Oleander with a minimum height of 
feet. In doing so, the deer cannot reach the flowers and or the leaf structure and 
damage the plant. The Oleander has a small to medium yellow flower and has a 
fantastic fragrance to them. You can also install large Gardenia trees, eight feet or 
larger. In doing so, the deer will not be able to reach the flowers and or leaves on these 
either. The Gardenia do need mostly sun but the Oleander will do well in semi shade. 
After that, we can install some Heliconas and different types of Ginger for a more 
tropical feel. We would plant these under and around these trees in the protected areas 
and in the more windy areas. We could install other types of palms and trees that will 
hold up to the wind (like the sugar cane palms that you currently have on your main 
drive way) Also, low Chinese fan palms (3-4 foot) would do great in that area and you 
could under plant them with Green Island Ficus. I showed Chris a plant called a 
Garcinia plant that are great with wind and are very salt tolerant, which can grow into 
nice trees. 
If you or your office has any trouble locating these trees and or plants please give me a 
call or send me an email and I can ship them down for you. 
In closing, I would like to thank you for the opportunity to train your employees and to be 
able to assist you with your current and future landscape. If you have any questions or 
concerns please feel free to call me at anytime. I look forward to hearing from you and 
working with you in the future to help better your landscape and tree pruning needs. 
EFTA00812182
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sincerely, 
Justin Dwyer 
Greensca e Desi n 
mai : 
Examples of improper trimming 
EFTA00812183

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812184.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date: Mon, Oct 26, 2015 at 8:37 PM 
Subject: 
To: Brad Wechsler < 
>, Melanie Spinella • 
gain at 20 % not 28.. so total , 35.8%. tax rate. 
same for boat. and plane each around 10 m so total 7 
m savings if both sold 
Date: Tue, Oct 27, 2015 at 11:35 AM 
Subject: Detailed constructive list. 
To: Melanie Spinella • 
Cc: Brad Wechsler < 
Deciisions needed asap 1 phaidon. topco etc. . ( cash needs) many wires needed !! 2 new trustee or 
not. - new decantings 3 art in art partnership.??! .overdue ?! 4 pats? window - 5 art 
space. .6 regan arts. .7 plane simplify re strucuture re finance. re purpose . 8 .boat restrucutre , 
sister, 9 re fresh estate plan. to consider modifications 
Alex Victoria equal does not mean same. 
10. tra review , sale. , 11 brh, doc review, 12. sale of stock or art ? tax, rent sale 13 . gifts of art. 14. 
charity current and future pledges , gifts, 15 cash flow. . 16 . new IT and new 
personnel. 17. operational re-do ( bill pay etc) . 18 debra and children ? current and future involvement . 
notifications etc. . new dynasty trust ? 19. tax plan and dislosures gaming. foreign apollo and phaidon 
related . 20. investments rationalize incl trading accouints . 21. bank loans . rates ? ? terms etc. 
consolidate. plane boat houses. disclosures? 22 . consolidate and review and reduce the number of all 
bank accounts and legal entities. decanting liquidating etc. . 23 all outside consultants? valuations 
etc. 24 review legal bills carefullly. 25. third party responsibilty Bens house , alex films . etc. 
Date: Wed, Oct 28, 2015 at 5:56 AM 
Subject: Fwd: Detailed constructive list. 
To: Lesley Groff
please print two copes . re formattted so leon can go line by line ie . 
heading s 
question, 
gift 
answer. blank 
who responsible. time frame. 
fee paid when? 
Date: Tue, Oct 27, 2015 at 6:35 AM 
Subject: Detailed constructive list. 
To: Melanie Spinella • 
Cc: Brad Wechsler < 
EFTA00812184
--- PAGE 2 ---
Deciisions needed asap 1 phaidon. topco etc. . ( cash needs) many wires needed !! 2 new trustee or 
not. - new decantings 3 art in art partnership.??! .overdue ?! 4 grats? window - 5 art 
space. .6 regan arts. .7 plane simplify re strucuture re finance. re purpose . 8 .boat restrucutre , 
sister, 9 re fresh estate plan. to consider modifications 
Alex Victoria equal does not mean same. 
10. tra review , sale. , 11 brh, doc review, 12. sale of stock or art ? tax, rent sale 13 . gifts of art. 14. 
charity current and future pledges , gifts, 15 cash flow. . 16 . new IT and new 
personnel. 17. operational re-do ( bill pay etc) . 18 debra and children ? current and future involvement . 
notifications etc.. new dynasty trust ? 19. tax plan and dislosures gaming. foreign apollo and phaidon 
related . 20. investments rationalize incl trading accouints . 21. bank loans . rates ? ? terms etc. 
consolidate. plane boat houses. disclosures? 22 . consolidate and review and reduce the number of all 
bank accounts and legal entities. decanting liquidating etc. . 23 all outside consultants? valuations 
etc. 24 review legal bills carefullly. 25. third party responsibilty Bens house , alex films . etc. 
From: Jeffrey E. <ieevacationfagmail.com>
Date: Tue, Feb 24, 2015 at 2:20 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
Leon, 
Yesterday , I again spent hours upon hours of my time with your office. ,( speak to brad to get 
flavor) and you and i will discuss the results in gory gruesome detail on Friday. it mirrored many 
other weeks spent doing the things that I don;t have the time to do. 
In order to keep things in perspective, maybe reviewing an analogy I have used before with 
you, might be helpful. You and your family are a 6 billion dollar corp. with an income between 250 
-500 million dollars per year. It contains a few operating biz's , a large wide array of existing 
investments, in various categories , a desire to enter into others. A panoply of loans, notes. 
purchases, wide range of all types of taxes. , planes. boats homes.. trusts ,grats. a crazy number 
of bank accts. ( with no oversight ) . law firms, acct firms, 800 page tax returns, foreign firms. art 
consultants. construction consultants bill payers, home mgmt.,vast multitude of lie's , including 
foreign, and with all that you only have a combined overhead of less that 3 million dollars. 
I have previously sent you the very same note that i have enclosed again below ,this time with 
highlights . I wrote it to you over a year ago. As my acute disability ( selective memory) seems to 
have been raised as one of your concerns , as a rule I try to memorialize things in writing in an 
attempt to lay out issues that I fear may later turn out to be a problem. ie what i would and 
wouldn't do , - my responsibilities. etc and those things that are not. below you will find details 
of things that I thought needed to be done, so that you wouldn't find yourself in the very place 
where you currently find yourself. however ,you chose to defer many of my suggestions- see below -
,until only weeks ago. ! you chose to defer the jpm acct. the art partnership on and on - into this 
year. and though the 60- 50 40 timber emails all carried with it a clear warning that you needed to do 
something re personnel if it were to stabilize,- you chose to wait. 
EFTA00812185
--- PAGE 3 ---
ONE YEAR AGO 
Feb 17 2014 i wrote : 
With regard the more pressing issue I am uncertain of just how to proceed. I am torn, as my very 
strong inclination is not to be involved at all. It is extremely time consuming, delicate, fraught with 
many pitfall many that will make you very upset and a major pain in the ass. I wrote you months ago 
that the quality of the people involved need to be upgraded. ( lucky for me these last issues arose 
way before the beginning of my involvement ) I am also aware however of my overarching 
friendship obligations of ok, -given all the complexities who else can do it? problem. 
Your family office needs a daddy. children with good intentions are running around , sniping , 
nitpicking with little direction. As a stopgap measure I am suggesting , we put in Larry Delson to 
take charge Everyone would report to him. Eileen included. He would however work for me. this is 
not, by a long shot my first choice as I prefer only being responsible and standing behind my own 
personal work ( ie the word DONE will no longer be transmitted to reflect status stated by others ) 
With no commitment on my part whatsoever, to do it. So far as I have failed in my attempt 
in trying to think through the problem creatively . My organizations handling of the more complex 
issues I believe you might find very costly, very ! ( however many structures available some risk 
sharing, maybe risk caps ,etc ) but would require my teams doing the work , not yours. Ada should 
be only a trust, grat administrator. not sure what role you prefer for Eileen as you hired her 
initially to oversee investments. whether Rich your controller stays or not, is not urgent. having 
Tom report to a new person,- is. coordination with Suydam Kathy Gregory, I would suggest 
limiting to one person. The increasing public profile needs to be taken into consideration. 
TODAY 
With your acquiesence , Eileen did not report to Delson ( he acting as a conduit directly to me) , 
she continued to provide bad info to both you ( cash flows , stock accts, structures. sales Etc) and 
me and each time with my many annoying calls to you made immediately afterwards that she was 
g 
y !! No one was hired to run YOUR office until two months ago , no one was even 
interviewed and even now , Brad, a very nice man, is not even full time,(craz-y ) Hours upon hours 
of time need to be spent training him . and his new staff. Eileen followed your instructions. not 
mine. in fact she continued to ignore mine saying " but Leon said " or " its on Leon's desk etc " 
, You would become frustrated when i pointed out each instance. of her obfuscation. originally 
you were given the clear choice, but to save money ,you chose not to hire my team . I was hired to 
do the architecture, you kept your own team. with Eileen at the head. instructions were given by me, 
, detailed but ignored by her. ( except in the instances where I inserted myself and personally had to 
do the weeks of grunt work ),ex. jpm morgan acct still not in use? That being said, If you do 
EFTA00812186
--- PAGE 4 ---
the cold calculation ,starting from where you were, to where you are currently . you have made a 
hell of a deal. -- negotiating down my original amount requested , calling upon our friendship 
and suggesting that the Carlyn mess was partially my fault. ( though in that specific example , I had 
never been asked to do more than merely provide you the name of the most highly 
recognized any in the field, not consulted,nor even asked again for my guidance along the 
way. ). I accepted the discount as your friend. ( by the way „suggesting now, that your Tom is 
now that last word on tax characterization, frankly is a bit much,-). however - that is all in the past. 
In order to move forward 
I would ask that you realize that very unlike yours, My business is only comprised of my personal 
attention and my personal time . Time that I was forced to grossly overspend on your various issues 
last year. . As you are my very close friend I will not have you participate in a bidding process that 
I have decided i will have this year for my time . (hopefully a more fair way to allocate ) I would 
also ask that you keep in mind that though our deal expired months ago. (also keeping in mind , that 
your understanding of the final payment terms neither reflected the emails or my memory, we 
finished it up your way. ) I have answered every call Brad , joslin, Ada or you, have made . 
reviewed docs over and over/ until once again, I was forced to insert myself strongly as I thought it 
dangerous not to. I made serious dollar and time concessions last year.very serious I am wiling to 
continue to accommodate some of your concerns , but I am, under no circumstances , none, willing 
to spend my time for free. its not fair. After cleaning up Carlyn's mess , which was a few weeks and 
million dollars . We were both highly aware of the dire circumstances in which you found 
yourself last year, and in fact due predominately to its seriousness. and those very circumstances I 
took extra care in our negotiations . (you had claimed I had you over a barrel , ( a horrible position to 
be in with my very close friend.), unfortunately I fear that if you are not cautious ,in the near future, 
another barrel will appear of your own design ) 
I heard you when you said you believed i had already been paid for the work that is now required. 
The art partnership has fully answered all your concerns and discharged all my obligations and more 
so. . ( FYI Carlyns art partnership that you referenced is similar in only its title. ) You will 
also recall that you required that my payments be at the end of my work not at the beginning as 
everyone else's .( my work was never to include hours upon hours of training your staff). I 
eventually agreed, this of course should make clear that the 2014 tax year that will close Oct 
2015 is not covered by our past agreement at all. I pointed this very fact out to you when I initially 
proposed a multi year agreement right out of the box. you said you preferred not. As you said ,I 
have produced results to date, far in excess of even my own exalted opinion of my projections. I 
have devoted a monumental amount of my limited amount of time-- way, way in excess of our 
agreement. I will be fair, I am willing to roll in the amount still outstanding from last year if that 
helps .. However, As my best student , and my only one, you are now capable of doing most, 
if not all, of the required work yourself. I can put my whiteboard away when you come to eat and 
just have fun, trade stories,. share moments ideas etc.. I am of course always available to guide 
you as a friend if you choose that route . always . It will take a great deal of your time , but you will 
not have to spend any more money on mine . 
We are scheduled to meet fri at 430 , I leave at 5 am sat morning. 
EFTA00812187
--- PAGE 5 ---
Date: Wed, Nov 4, 2015 at 4:45 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
okay, its time for you to decide how you would like to move forward. ( fyi get your money from the 
1031 . the screw up is only one of many,) If you decide to move foward on decanting. phaidon, note 
basis estate update , each requires many carefully orchestrated detailed steps. and precision . there are 
hundreds of millions in saving if done correctly and a huge mess if not. If you want me and my 
colleagues to do it , oversee it paper it and guide it, you should tell me. It is a big undertaking . If not , 
ok .. Brad and your crew can do it. I will have no real further involvement apart from confirming the 
outcome of my proposed structure, I will not risk the admonition of- they thought you said, they thought 
you meant, they understood it to be. but they said you said, 
( i e ,I asked at our meeting that accounting 
be done properly for bens house , what came back was ada thought that I meant that we needed to go 
back to the 97 trust and give him a full third party accounting of where his money had gone??!! I kid you 
not). I dont think brad should talk to Jane heller without a fully fleshed out plan in place and even then it 
should be you. 
Date: Wed, Nov 11, 2015 at 10:59 AM 
Subject: 
To: Richard Joslin 
Joe Avantario < 
>, Brad Wechsler 
lets calculate the exact payoff amount for the leon note as of nov 30 ,DEC1 , dec 31. 1) does art 
space get folded in to phaidon. . middle cos disolved.? 2 collapse topco etc 
open bank accounts for apoo 
interest will be approx 50k per day . look at deduction. 
note payoff docs- notaries . new docs. releases ? , accountings? disclosures? ( gaming ? ) art 
partnership . renew. will? repaper lease guarantees? macfarlanes. ? do we pay down 10m. of 
plane. ? proposal for airplane , 91 , 135. exec , jet..? remove debra. from plane? 
Date: Wed, Nov 11, 2015 at 11:00 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
EFTA00812188
--- PAGE 6 ---
we should discuss e trust and j black trust. , brad buying phaidon. artspace folding ? plane/ 
boat. foundation. 
Date: Wed, Nov 11, 2015 at 9:09 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
we need to coordinate. brad bank, cannot be clumsy 
Date: Fri, Nov 20, 2015 at 10:50 AM 
Subject: agenda 
To: Melanie Spinella 
1. brad or richard. makes litte difference. 2. gagosian . no written contract??!! fishy to me - who 
transfers 100 million dollars overseas without a contract ,- dont want you pulled into a 
scandal. careful especially as he is on the tax dept radar, . 3. 
I would like you to delineate what you 
would like me to do - the more specificity the better.- I think it important to avoid 
any misunderstandings as to each of our obligations and responsbilities. I will always give you my best 
advice. I have made my views re ada and the office clear . no hedging. . THEY should go. no 
hesitation . no zeus, your choice obviously. good news - I will not bring it up again. moving forward-
These transactions will require a great deal of manpower over the next holiday month, every 
document needs minute review. . I would like to fix our fee agreement , in detail no later than this 
weekend . ie amounts , dates paid . entities paid. any concept you may have of after care"? all on the 
table. .other questions such as how much to leave your children ,in what form, has no right answer. but 
you and I can dialougue as long as you like about issues of judgement. it is out of o friendship. not biz. 
( bill hellman as a trustee? ) . we can talk about that during walks etc . I would like for you and Ito go 
back to having fun. 
Date: Mon, Nov 23, 2015 at 11:53 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
minutes needed. 
new and vastly improved plan, needs your thoughtful input. decisions on 
legacy paintings bronzes. books etc. 2. we need to reach fee agreement. and authorities.( alan and I 
spent time over the weekend, ) , hundred documents to be drafted. 3. gagosiaon 4 revolver . 5 inspire 
- FBI . 6. Phaidon, solution. 7 plane. no need to reinvent the wheel.. ( rowen ). 
Date: Tue, Nov 24, 2015 at 2:41 PM 
EFTA00812189
--- PAGE 7 ---
Subject: Fwd: Loan 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Please talk to him 
Date: Tuesday, 24 November 2015 
Subject: Loan 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
Cc: Melanie Spinella a, 
"Alan S. Halperin" a, 
Ada 
Clapp <MIIIIM
>, Joe Avantario 
Jeffrey-given the high daily interest cost (50k+/-) on $$ borrowed which you pointed out yesterday, here's 
what I'm thinking, but I want to be 100% on the same page as you: 
1. Close next monday on the credit line, but don't borrow any $$. (We can, of course push closing back 
but my preference wld be to close.) 
2. Right now, at barry's request, Irene Steiner, on behalf of the trustees is reviewing apol and apo-ol. 
While probably not impt on a "substantive" basis it was (a) impt to barry and (b) is likely good for leon. 
3. We are hoping to have signature pages to the trustees (and returned to us) by early to mid next week. 
(Ada will oversee.) 
4. We will then get the new trust to bofa who, moving quickly (according to them), will have an acct open 
the following week, 12/7-9. 
5. We need to manage execution of paperwork associated with decanting which I assume occurs once 
apo-ol and bank acct are operative. (Ada I'm sure you'll be on top of this). 
6. I assume we will move $$ to pay down loan the day or day after (?) apo-01 bank acct open. As you 
know we cld do this as early as next monday/tuesday but then cash will be sitting in apo-1 while we're 
waiting for apo-01 bank acct. 
7. If there are sales of assets (or tic's) from lean to apol or apo-01 that needs to be buttoned down and 
organized asap. 
8. Same if you want another NEW trust in the mix as that will involve paperwork and opening an acct 
with bank. 
Let's discuss to make sure we're on the same page on process. B 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBeny 
Date: Mon, Nov 30, 2015 at 5:21 PM 
Subject: agenda 
EFTA00812190
--- PAGE 8 ---
To: Melanie Spinella 
fees, amount and to what entities when and responsiblitis. 2. gagosian idea to save a minimum of 10 
mill and maybe more. 3. i can walk you through carlyns screw up, 50 % would have made little 
difference and maybe made it worse . 4. we should have an all hands meeting with your family to talk 
about art distribution on death. . 5. phaidon, decantings ( already firmly in progress ) loans. ( alan 
) pent. ( with follow up ) all part of same elegant transaction, 6 asymetric risk worth at least 50- 60 no 
matter how you calculate. I can explain. 7 lets get the money issue out of the way once and for all. I 
have my team set to start. 
Date: Tue, Dec 1, 2015 at 12:26 PM 
Subject: 
To: Brad Wechsler 
I would like to consider the gaming commmison disclosure dates. . 2 we should put to bed once and for 
all adas concerns re the bronzes. . alan should opine on valuation ranges? rather than estimates. . 
3. Leons input re gagosian purchase. ( trade in , 1031 if 17 likely transfer- . scream, phaidon. plane and 
boat. 4. I would like to review all assignment docs. decanting schedules. ( exhibits ). balance sheets for 
apol -2 .. loan does it transfer of narrows inside . 5. Leon should be clear regard future steps . pent etc. 
swaps , paydowns 6 mock-ups of all before trigger pull. 
Date: Wed, Oct 28, 2015 at 12:56 AM 
Subject: Fwd: Detailed constructive list. 
To: Lesley Groff
please print two copes . re formattted so leon can go line by line ie . 
heading s 
question, 
gift 
answer. blank 
who responsible. time frame. 
fee paid when? 
Date: Tue, Oct 27, 2015 at 6:35 AM 
Subject: Detailed constructive list. 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Cc: Brad Wechsler 
Deciisions needed asap 1 phaidon. topco etc. . ( cash needs) many wires needed !! 2 new trustee or 
not. - new decantings 3 art in art partnership.??! .overdue ?! 4 grats? window - 5 art 
space. .6 regan arts. .7 plane simplify re strucuture re finance. it purpose . 8 .boat restrucutre , 
sister, 9 re fresh estate plan. to consider modifications 
Alex Victoria equal does not mean same. 
EFTA00812191
--- PAGE 9 ---
10. tra review , sale. , 11 brh, doc review, 12. sale of stock or art ? tax, rent sale 13 . gifts of art. 14. 
charity current and future pledges , gifts, 15 cash flow. . 16 . new IT and new 
personnel. 17. operational re-do ( bill pay etc) . 18 debra and children ? current and future involvement . 
notifications etc.. new dynasty trust ? 19. tax plan and dislosures gaming. foreign apollo and phaidon 
related . 20. investments rationalize incl trading accouints . 21. bank loans . rates ? ? terms etc. 
consolidate. plane boat houses. disclosures? 22 . consolidate and review and reduce the number of all 
bank accounts and legal entities. decanting liquidating etc. . 23 all outside consultants? valuations 
etc. 24 review legal bills carefullly. 25. third party responsibilty Bens house , alex films . etc. 
ate: Fri, Dec 4, 2015 at 2:07 PM 
Subject: Fwd: moving forward 
To: Melanie Spinella
I had forgotten that Alan was actually at the table when i explained my note deal to you. 
end of the meeting described below. . as you will recall , not once , not even a peep did alan suggest 
contemporaneously his hand in the crafting, in fact brad said it was an idea. that HE brad, HAD HAD 
, from the begiining . my emails between alan and I that you can read , further confirm authorship. Im 
sure you recall the obnoxious tooting when alan said he agreed with my plan. . 
it was at the 
Date: Mon, Nov 2, 2015 at 10:03 PM 
Subject: moving forward 
To: Melanie Spinella
I have mixed emotions about what transpired today. really, You saw first hand in nauseating detail 
what i have been saying to you for quite a while now. 
Joslins answers were totally incomprehensible. 
the charts he prepared unreadable. Brads defensive posture was at a minum very surprising . He and I 
have recently gotten along quite well , I thought . Neither Joslin or Brad understood a 180 million 
dollar number . no cash flow after weeks of requesting? odd. when you suggested that heathers 
behavior was emblematic of a sloppy office , brad said lets not talk about emblems??! bill pay , 
admittedly no change for the year. . plane not done. though it was the only thing i suggested doing first in 
july . . I sent you a list of 10 consultantts. brad said three, . i didnt want to push it. I was shocked 
that brad was opining on things he knows little or nothing about. tax issues. 1031. neg basis , note 
payoffs ( the same idea he said he had had from the beggining??!!) . answers re LBF holdings that can 
be corrected ( they cant) . valuations that have never been read. . When we met in your lobby he seems 
surprised that i was there. I dont know if he felt somewhat sandbagged. .. 
the savings on the note payoff is aprrox 33 % of 1.8 billion. real money if you do phaidon which i see 
no reason not to . if later josh and ben want to buy it back with you or without you they can. i will walk 
you through the structure one on one. . the losses will offeset the calder gain as well as apollo gain. 
Im aware that seeing what you saw frustrated you. I felt badly for you. 
EFTA00812192
--- PAGE 10 ---
You wanted a contingent deal. real value. etc. I will not of course hold you to your deal. . its silly. its 
not how i work or a reflection of our friendship. my proposal is as follows. I want away from your 
buisiness , but at the same time leaving you in good shape. 
I think you should pay the 25m that you 
did not for this year. for next year its the same 40 m as always, paid 20 in jan and 20 in july, and then 
we are done. I will give you advice and counsel but new people will be running your operating 
machine. 
I will oversee all the work that needs to be done you and I will hire new people , and it will 
be self running. ( it was may in my house when you told brad it had been 5 months and you were getting 
fed up ) I will set up a parallel . office , somenoe like wendy dolman or her quality is paramount. two 
accountants two bookeepers and two office admins. . alan and zoe will handle trusts and grats. heatehr 
diana george will be incolved in art partnership. if you want brad, analysts etc. and kids to do 
investments I have little to add in that regard ,except to be able to account for things properly. I suggest 
that the kids must have skin in any deal. 
Alternatively , we can continue to focus on fun and let someone else do the things that you want 
done. and you and I can kibbitz about it all. structures outcomes risk, museums. charity, ( joslins 
answer by the way was I had asked how much charity was leon planining to give this year , ( the 2 m 
) he didnt include your foundation or the payment to me, or from debra and you??!! 
Date: Mon, Dec 7, 2015 at 5:39 PM 
Subject: Fee 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Amount ? Paid in kind ? Financed ? Plane ?Paid to ? Non charity , charity . Fixed dates 
Date: Mon, Dec 7, 2015 at 8:05 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
please re iterate that no further actions taken without careful document review. please 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, 
As you are well aware, There is little I won't do for you, or at least try to do as a friend, and a great 
deal that I have already done ( both known and some things that willneed to remain unknown.) Our 
arrangement was for me to architect sophisticated structures that would be beneficial to you. that is what 
I have done and will continue do in order to fulfill my obligations under 
our agreement. 
The discovered fact that you in reality need an entire family office built from scratch 
EFTA00812193
--- PAGE 11 ---
has been trying I have aleady agreed de- facto to try to help. I would suggest that Phaidons payroll 
and attention pales in importance to your personal structure,which has taken a back seat, Some of 
my 
suggestions regarding the Eysium office are as follows you will need a budget of 3- 5 million per 
year. CEO 1 million, new tax person to work with rich, 250. new bookkeeper ,200 new paralegal to 
work with ADA ALan etc , coordinating with Apollo, Akin , paul weiss , new acct openings , sec filings 
, sales tax review, etc. $150 . art point person. loan , inventory, purchasing support, $?? software 
servers. video conferencing, tax oversight. 
I believe You should rapidly address trustees , gift trust, succesion, wills of debra and 
children, 
monetization events , cash flow. etc 
I can of course share my experiences with you on 
each issue. 
With regard the more pressing issue I am uncertain of just how to proceed. I am torn, as my very 
strong inclination is not to be involved at all. It is extremely time consuming, delicate, fraught with 
many pitfall many that will make you very upset and a major pain in the ass. I wrote you months ago 
that the quality of the people involved need to be upgraded. ( lucky for me these last issues arose way 
before the begining of my involvement ) I am also aware however of my overarching 
friendship obligations of ok, -given all the complexities who else can do it? problem. 
Your family office needs a daddy. children with good intentions are running around , sniping , nitpicking 
with little direction. As a stopgap measure I am suggesting , we put in Larry Delson to take 
charge Everyone would report to him. eileen included. He would however work for me. this is not, by a 
long shot my first choice as I prefer only being responsible and standing behind my own personal work 
( ie the word DONE will no longer be transmitted to reflect status stated by others ) 
With no commitment on my part whatsoever, to do it. So far as I have failed in my attempt in trying 
to think through the problem creatively . My organizations handling of the more complex isssues I 
believe you might find very costly, very ! ( however many structures available some risk sharing, maybe 
risk caps ,etc ) but would require my teams doing the work , not yours. Ada should be only a trust, gnat 
administrator. not sure what role you prefer for Eileen as you hired her initially to oversee 
investments. whether Rich your controller stays or not, is not urgent. having Tom report to a new 
person,- is. coordination with Suydam Kathy gregory, I would suggest limiting to one person. The 
increasing public profile needs to be taken into consideration. 
talk later.. 
Date: Sun, Dec 28, 2014 at 5:18 AM 
Subject: jobs ahead 
To: Brad Wechsler a, 
Melanie Spinella 
>, Ada Clapp 
1. review accounting system. Book keeping softaware. staff, ( senior accountant ) methods on line 
banking, brokerage. cash mgmt. airplane reimbursement. boat sale. art purchases sales use and sales tax. 
tax filings FBAR FATCA, gaming commsion, pfics, insurance . uk co law. 
EFTA00812194
--- PAGE 12 ---
2. review docs for TRA BRH grats, trusts, heritage will, insurance, art lending. medical, springing 
powers. two fire drill books. one needed for injury. other for death 
review bills . boats , planes, legal, ( PW, McFarlands all outside. legal and accounting. Toms bills 
over 400k . house projects. south ny ben 
cashflow projections tax projections , interaction with Apollo accounting tax, Phaidon ,art space ,and 
Regan. legal accounting. audit 
5. children meetings , review to date and allocations 
review all role in payables. files scanned, no paper 
review invesmtents for tax basis and unrecognized gain 
schedule of all hedge funds . redeemables commitments etc. 
charities pledges strucutre, staff , 
Date: Fri, Feb 20, 2015 at 5:52 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
1) pg 1 A " unequal shares" . pg 23 "removal of trustees " absolute. dont be confused with abiltiy to 
set up seperate trusts, 
2) I am reachable this afternoon in europe. on cell. 3. on another note . -our 
financial agreement ended months ago . seperate from the art partnership (which i was told yesterday to 
my amazement is still not funded) . i am obligated to complete ? the time i have dedicated since oct/ 
dec has been spent mainly as your friend. tom, brad though i am fully cognizant of my 
responsiblities. 
I will try to help find people. I am not good at human resources. howevr If I don;t think 
they are good enough for you. I will continue to say so , and you obviously decide. but I will reiterrate 
even in the face of your "nobody is good enough argument." keeping foremost in my mind that you 
and I have only beeen shown a very tiny handful of people. 4. I find the friction over fees , 
counterproductive. in an attempt to avoid it I had suggested a multi year deal early on. you rejected it. I 
then suggested, and urged you to have an option at a fixed fee , you also rejected that .you wanted the fee 
payment only at the end I argued but ,conceded. I suggested a structure that tom didn't like. you rejected 
it . 5 I suggest you make a fair proposal.- that i can either accept or reject. some payment up front this 
time is a requirement. I am willing to modify any outstanding obligations. - there are creative ways to 
assure you of your desired characterization of those payments. 6 you should open accts at Deutsh . and 
goldman. 
I am told that eilleen has set up over one hundred bank acccts for you???!!. few relevant 7 
you should immediatly demand a list of all her acct authorites , exec poistions . director etc. bank 
authorizsations. etc. 
talk later or over the weekend if you like 
Date: Wed, Dec 9, 2015 at 10:16 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
EFTA00812195
--- PAGE 13 ---
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
kkkjkjjjkjjyou said 
Date: Tue, Feb 24, 2015 at 8:20 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, 
Yesterday , I again spent hours upon hours of my time with your office. ,( speak to brad to get 
flavor) and you and i will discuss the results in gory gruesome detail on Friday. it mirrored many 
other weeks spent doing the things that I don;t have the time to do. 
In order to keep things in perspective, maybe reviewing an analogy I have used before with 
you, might be helpful. You and your family are a 6 billion dollar corp. with an income between 250 
-500 million dollars per year. It contains a few operating biz's , a large wide array of existing 
investments, in various categories , a desire to enter into others. A panoply of loans, notes. 
purchases, wide range of all types of taxes. , planes. boats homes.. trusts ,grats. a crazy number 
of bank accts. ( with no oversight ) . law firms, acct firms, 800 page tax returns, foreign firms. art 
consultants. construction consultants bill payers, home mgmt.,vast multitude of Ilc's , including 
foreign, and with all that you only have a combined overhead of less that 3 million dollars. 
I have previously sent you the very same note that i have enclosed again below ,this time with 
highlights . I wrote it to you over a year ago. As my acute disability ( selective memory) seems to 
have been raised as one of your concerns , as a rule I try to memorialize things in writing in an 
attempt to lay out issues that I fear may later turn out to be a problem. ie what i would and 
wouldn't do , - my responsibilities. etc and those things that are not. below you will find details 
of things that I thought needed to be done, so that you wouldn't find yourself in the very place 
where you currently find yourself. however ,you chose to defer many of my suggestions- see below -
,until only weeks ago. ! you chose to defer the jpm acct. the art partnership on and on - into this 
year. and though the 60- 50 40 timber emails all carried with it a clear warning that you needed to do 
something re personnel if it were to stabilize,- you chose to wait. 
ONE YEAR AGO 
Feb 17 2014 i wrote : 
With regard the more pressing issue I am uncertain of just how to proceed. I am torn, as my very 
strong inclination is not to be involved at all. It is extremely time consuming, delicate, fraught with 
many pitfall many that will make you very upset and a major pain in the ass. I wrote you months ago 
that the quality of the people involved need to be upgraded. ( lucky for me these last issues arose 
EFTA00812196
--- PAGE 14 ---
way before the beginning of my involvement ) I am also aware however of my overarching 
friendship obligations of ok, -given all the complexities who else can do it? problem. 
Your family office needs a daddy. children with good intentions are running around , sniping , 
nitpicking with little direction. As a stopgap measure I am suggesting , we put in Larry Delson to 
take charge Everyone would report to him. Eileen included. He would however work for me. this is 
not, by a long shot my first choice as I prefer only being responsible and standing behind my own 
personal work ( ie the word DONE will no longer be transmitted to reflect status stated by others ) 
With no commitment on my part whatsoever, to do it. So far as I have failed in my attempt 
in trying to think through the problem creatively . My organizations handling of the more complex 
issues I believe you might find very costly, very ! ( however many structures available some risk 
sharing, maybe risk caps ,etc ) but would require my teams doing the work , not yours. Ada should 
be only a trust, grat administrator. not sure what role you prefer for Eileen as you hired her 
initially to oversee investments. whether Rich your controller stays or not, is not urgent. having 
Tom report to a new person,- is. coordination with Suydam Kathy Gregory, I would suggest 
limiting to one person. The increasing public profile needs to be taken into consideration. 
TODAY 
With your acquiesence , Eileen did not report to Delson ( he acting as a conduit directly to me) , 
she continued to provide bad info to both you ( cash flows , stock accts, structures. sales Etc) and 
me and each time with my many annoying calls to you made immediately afterwards that she was 
g 
y !! No one was hired to run YOUR office until two months ago , no one was even 
interviewed and even now , Brad, a very nice man, is not even full time,(crazy ) Hours upon hours 
of time need to be spent training him . and his new staff. Eileen followed your instructions. not 
mine. in fact she continued to ignore mine saying " but Leon said " or " its on Leon's desk etc " 
, You would become frustrated when i pointed out each instance. of her obfuscation. originally 
you were given the clear choice, but to save money ,you chose not to hire my team . I was hired to 
do the architecture, you kept your own team. with Eileen at the head. instructions were given by me, 
, detailed but ignored by her. ( except in the instances where I inserted myself and personally had to 
do the weeks of grunt work ),ex. jpm morgan acct still not in use? That being said, If you do 
the cold calculation ,starting from where you were, to where you are currently . you have made a 
hell of a deal. -- negotiating down my original amount requested , calling upon our friendship 
and suggesting that the Carlyn mess was partially my fault. ( though in that specific example , I had 
never been asked to do more than merely provide you the name of the most highly 
recognized any in the field, not consulted,nor even asked again for my guidance along the 
way. ). I accepted the discount as your friend. ( by the way „suggesting now, that your Tom is 
now that last word on tax characterization, frankly is a bit much,-). however - that is all in the past. 
In order to move forward 
EFTA00812197
--- PAGE 15 ---
I would ask that you realize that very unlike yours, My business is only comprised of my personal 
attention and my personal time . Time that I was forced to grossly overspend on your various issues 
last year. . As you are my very close friend I will not have you participate in a bidding process that 
I have decided i will have this year for my time . (hopefully a more fair way to allocate ) I would 
also ask that you keep in mind that though our deal expired months ago. (also keeping in mind , that 
your understanding of the final payment terms neither reflected the emails or my memory, we 
finished it up your way. ) I have answered every call Brad , joslin, Ada or you, have made . 
reviewed docs over and over/ until once again, I was forced to insert myself strongly as I thought it 
dangerous not to. I made serious dollar and time concessions last year.very serious I am wiling to 
continue to accommodate some of your concerns , but I am, under no circumstances , none, willing 
to spend my time for free. its not fair. After cleaning up Carlyn's mess , which was a few weeks and 
million dollars . We were both highly aware of the dire circumstances in which you found 
yourself last year, and in fact due predominately to its seriousness. and those very circumstances I 
took extra care in our negotiations . (you had claimed I had you over a barrel , ( a horrible position to 
be in with my very close friend.), unfortunately I fear that if you are not cautious ,in the near future, 
another barrel will appear of your own design ) 
I heard you when you said you believed i had already been paid for the work that is now required. 
The art partnership has fully answered all your concerns and discharged all my obligations and more 
so. . ( FYI Carlyns art partnership that you referenced is similar in only its title. ) You will 
also recall that you required that my payments be at the end of my work not at the beginning as 
everyone else's .( my work was never to include hours upon hours of training your staff). I 
eventually agreed, this of course should make clear that the 2014 tax year that will close Oct 
2015 is not covered by our past agreement at all. I pointed this very fact out to you when I initially 
proposed a multi year agreement right out of the box. you said you preferred not. As you said ,I 
have produced results to date, far in excess of even my own exalted opinion of my projections. I 
have devoted a monumental amount of my limited amount of time-- way, way in excess of our 
agreement. I will be fair, I am willing to roll in the amount still outstanding from last year if that 
helps .. However, As my best student , and my only one, you are now capable of doing most, 
if not all, of the required work yourself. I can put my whiteboard away when you come to eat and 
just have fun, trade stories,. share moments ideas etc.. I am of course always available to guide 
you as a friend if you choose that route . always . It will take a great deal of your time , but you will 
not have to spend any more money on mine . 
We are scheduled to meet fri at 430 , I leave at 5 am sat morning. 
Date: Fri, Dec 11, 2015 at 12:19 AM 
Subject: Re: Fw: sched 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com>
EFTA00812198
--- PAGE 16 ---
Cc:' 
la, 
Jeffrey-joe tells me you want this to go live on 12/21. Possible, but an awful lot has to 
go right next week logistically for everything to fall into place. We'll try.... 
From: Brad Wechsler 
Sent: Thursday, December 10, 2015 05:36 PM 
To: leevacationagmail.com' <jeevacationOgmail.com>
Cc 
< 
>; 
>; 
>; 
Subject: Fw: Fw: sched 
On different subject: general time frame is: dots (notes and purchase and sale 
agreement to you tomorrow end of biz); incorporate your comments monday and get 
dots to trust attorney tuesday; contemporaneously meet in person with you tuesday or 
wednesday and do a dry run. On these days ada will also take the trustees through 
outline of dots they will receive thursday. Dots to trustees, leon et al on thursday and 
signatures gathered by friday for first close 12/22. Tight but doable. Ada, alan agree? 
PS: ada, you shld begin to think abt where people are Oh, rr, bc, ldb) next week. 
From: Heather Gray [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, December 10, 2015 05:24 PM 
To: Brad Wechsler 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com) leevacationOgmail.com>
Subject: RE: Fw: 
Subject: Re: Fw: sched 
EFTA00812199
--- PAGE 17 ---
Barry-what we're going to do with Jeffrey will be "small picture" and detailed. It might be better for you 
and Jeffrey to have a higher level conversation some time next week; either way you'll have access to 
everything, obviously. 
From: Barry J. Cohen [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, December 10, 2015 05:55 PM 
To: Brad Wechsler 
Subject: RE: Fw: sched 
I wouldn't mind attending a meeting or portion of a meeting with JE. If he is the mastermind, and you 
want to move quickly, it might get a lot of questions resolved quickly. 
From: Brad Wechsler [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, December 10, 2015 5:37 PM 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com' 
Cc: 
; Melanie Spinella; Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: Fw: Fw: sched 
On different subject: general time frame is: docs (notes and purchase and sale agreement to you tomorrow 
end of biz); incorporate your comments monday and get docs to trust attorney tuesday; 
contemporaneously meet in person with you tuesday or wednesday and do a dry run. On these days ada 
will also take the trustees through outline of docs they will receive thursday. Docs to trustees, leon et al on 
thursday and signatures gathered by friday for first close 12/22. Tight but doable. Ada, alan agree? 
PS: ada, you shld begin to think abt where people are Oh, rr, bc, Idb) next week. 
From: Heather Gray [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, December 10, 2015 05:24 PM 
To: Brad Wechsler 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.conailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>) 
<jeevacation@gmail.conailtojeevacation@gmail.com>> 
Subject: RE: Fw: 
No, 
meeting with him at 9:30 am tomorrow. 
Date: Fri, Dec 11, 2015 at 9:49 AM 
EFTA00812200
--- PAGE 18 ---
Subject: fee 
To: Melanie Spinella < 
elegant solution ;re fee. , 30 million paid now. with purchase of noel kalb, paid with funds from the 
drawdown. you should use and keep open the line for the full 30m and leave it outstanding until its 
expiration. in four months. legit biz reason, very nice , - the balance of the fee - paid in kind either low 
basis art . or interest in either milenium ,lone cascade ,or king street. 
Date: Tue, Apr 14, 2015 at 5:53 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
saved you 500k at the last minute, . brad has had the same chart since march 16th, its his job to 
review NOT MINE .appears he is one of those living in the dark leiwe. I found 8 million dollars today, 
missed deductions. . not yet in the numbers, .? 
Date: Wed, Apr 15, 2015 at 8:59 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
did the paul weiss bill get paid ??? 2. Talk to me before signing anything today important 
10m paid today to gratitude america, a 501 c 3, willl make last year complete. 20 million paid today 
ftc . 10 million july 15 5 million sept 30. , 5 million jan 1 for all of 16 . tax savings paid at 37 percent 
. of net. savings. 50 million credit. net. so 150 million free . 600 savings 225 million owed. -
credit, 175 owed. 
Date: Mon, May 18, 2015 at 8:17 AM 
Subject: agenda for tomorrrow 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacationagmail.com>, Melanie Spinella < 
as a reflection on your voiced spirited concerns in the what have you done for me lately category ? 
)):: 
in the beginning . there was eileen and tom. ( eve and adam,-- however it appears, she declined to 
eat the apple from the knowledge tree) 
EFTA00812201
--- PAGE 19 ---
. that was it. ada was at the bank but reviewing docs. carlyn was in the kitchen making mush ( abel 
and cain) 
books as they were mystersiously called was being kept soley by eileen, with little or no input 
,correction or advice from tom. herarely if ever asked questions. expenses ie 
airplane was done in 
house apollo. (1031 exchange blown etc) at this time 
as I recall you got quite annoyed, and agressive and initiated the" talking out of the both sides of your 
mouth " tiddy, when i suggested that the level of their competence left much to be desired. ( ralph 
lemer's came later ) .response - eileen ran the desk, tom is a partner, ralph wrote the book etc 
re tax there was almost no oversight of income, estate, gift ,sales and use, transfer excise etc . IRS 
SEC GAMING NYS. real estate, valuations ( many )tax 
filings- disclosures, etc. re grats trusts defect 
trusts, llcs corps , trustees , partnerships. foreign corps. 100 bank accounts. gift taxes, loans, notes. 
payables. expenses.. , insurance.( life , art, split dollar), cashflows, operating biz, investments, 
contingent liabilitiites.( funds , miami ) , commitments dividends, BRH TRA, shareholder agreements, 
bank loan agreements. wills, construction,  contracts planning permits etc..employ rules. checking 
account reconciliations, crediti cards. jewelry , cost basis ,( art stock etc.) foundations regs , brokerage 
accts, old stock certificates. stock options,( environmental solutions still not done !). estate tax 
calcualtion firedrill, ( note ,basis etc ) low basis , step ups , however with no accounting system, no 
reveiw of boat expenses plane expenses etc.. many outside counsel with litle or no coordination. 
Paul Weisss , Mcdermit Will, Macfarlanes. Price Waterhouse , Reich, withers bergman, Empire, akin 
gump, bbd seidman, Wendy , Apollo in house . 
lumber, knowledge universe, ennvironmental, solutions 12 mii in stock, . on and on 
the priority list that you asked me to prepare for brad and you in dec , unfortunatlleyso far , little 
change ie no accounting system that ties, no, brokerage accounts though strongly suggested , jpm db, 
gs, april of 2014 . IT antiquated 
dagastino hired , no inut from me, julie, temps, paralegals miriam . etc. 
still need new accounting system - on line banking . staff hires. ( seprate from samantha two years out 
of school ). audit system, . ?? john murphy? joslin? dag? eva? . i strongly suggest workers at the highest 
level of competence. two senior accountants. not managers workers who will get into the weeds. partn 
expertise„ replace ava, get heather help. a new person legal , new IT,system and person, way way 
overdue, new receptionist, bill opener, ability to oeversee 
in house, boat plane review household ( 12million ) review, filings- partnerhip accounting,- familitarity 
with grats, trusts etc . audit system put in place. that should be the easy part. then strategy to deal with 
As new facts on the ground develop , phaidon debra, children meeetings, ? stock sale sale of art„ apt( 
large gain ), 1031 trade in , plane depreciation, boat sale. construction , brad will oversee brokerage and 
investment, ?? pe. real es, . publishing, grats, tra, brh ( death). foundation , museum, tax proejctions cash 
flow projections, cooridnation with tax from apollo. etc 
EFTA00812202
--- PAGE 20 ---
Date: Thu, May 28, 2015 at 8:53 PM 
Subject: ulysses 2.0 
To: Melanie Spinella
I realize it is only due to a lack of understanind of the job ahead. and not out of any sense of 
unwillingess to pay 
- as opposed to merely hiring people to set up a family office, someone will have to do the 
following- separate from the art partnership which is my responsiblity . there still needs to be a huge 
amount of work done for 2015,16. not to mention that brad at the moment is going to have train the 
incoming team?? your call 
strategic decisions re estate and other planning , sale of phaidon etc. . in addition setting up for the 
accounting for each strategy ie.: 
income, estate, gift ,sales and use, transfer excise picasso, 1031 calder. . review and detailed 
oversite of IRS SEC GAMING NYS. real estate, entity valuations ( many ) tax filings-
disclosures, follow up of grats, trusts ,defective trusts, Ilcs corps , trustees , partnerships. 
foreign corps. 100 bank account need to be rationalized, not only having brad step in to children 
investments . gift taxes, trust , loans, notes. payables. expenses allocations . . , insurance.( life , 
art, split dollar), cashflows, operating biz, investments, contingent liabilitiites.( funds , miami ) , 
commitments funds and charities , dividend treatment -important review of transcations relating 
to BRH ( amendments) TRA sale ( nuanced ) , shareholder agreements, bank loan agreements new 
bank relationships. . wills, construction accounting and oversite , contracts planning 
permits etc..employee rules, regs, . checking account reconciliations, crediti cards. jewelry , cost 
basis ,( art stock etc.) foundations regs , brokerage accts, . stock options,( ie environmental 
solutions still not done !). estate tax calcualtion firedrill, ( note ,basis etc ) review of boat expenses 
plane expenses, depreciation issues refunds etc. . rationalize all outside counsels and accounting 
firms 
Paul Weisss , Mcdermit Will, Macfarlanes. Price Waterhouse , Reich, withers bergman, Empire„ 
akin gump, bbd seidman,  Apollo in house counsel. 
set up and oversee brokerage accounts at JPM DB GS and thoughfullly trade 
. new IT system from top to bottom full time IT person 
new accounting system - on- line banking cooridnated with reports . fire drills as per caruci ( he 
sounds good ) and . audit system,s . review of john murphy? joslin? dag? eva? . 
in house, review household ( 12million ) review, filings- partnerhip accounting,- familitarity with 
grats, trusts etc . audit system put in place. that should be the easy part. then strategy re: 
EFTA00812203
--- PAGE 21 ---
As new facts on the ground develop , phaidon debra, children meeetings, involvment , 
trustees adjusted, stock sale sale of art, apt( large gain ), 1031 trade in , plane depreciation, boat 
sale. construction , brad will oversee brokerage and investment, ?? pe?. real estate?, . 
publishing, grats, tra, brh ( death). foundation , museum, tax proejctions cash flow projections, 
cooridnation with tax from apollo. etc 
you are sitting on over 100 m of cash???!! 
Date: Fri, Jan 2, 2015 at 2:55 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
Leon, I decided last week that there was little or no upside in disturbing your well earned holiday 
especiaily as you seemed so peaceful happy and smiley ,getting yourself in shape and truly 
enjoying your family time. etc. however the situation in your family office is unresolved. I am aware that 
brad starts monday howver, two last days of the year madness. timber.deal not complete no jpm,acct 
activity no partnership docs , old stock sales not complete , no bank doc redo. no phaidon note 
restructure, ., no boat expense review. airplane same ,topco midco.etc still not finished ( trustee ) 
, projections mixed with fiction. , legal exp out of control. no care for admin, silly ( audit). tom 
conversation with joslin. notes. debra, trustee notes. trustees hiring . bens audit. interest 
payable made hoopjumping last day of year. after weeks and months. of lectures , gifts to discuss-
staff. -houseproject mgmt.. I will continue to try , I had offered ajoint call with eileen before you 
left. as i said before , joslin takes instructions from eileen. he said it was made clear to him that he 
doesn't work for me but works for you. . I tried. 
Date: Tue, Dec 29, 2015 at 7:26 AM 
Subject: Fwd: leon DO NOT SEND, hand deliver. 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Transaction complete ! 
. this - in spite of your collection of Elysium misfits. !!! 
With Brad out of the office and unable to run his usual interference , the level of his 
utter incompetence was brought front and center, he may be a step up from Eileen, but if he is , then it 
is not certainly not by much, . Though you and I have spent many many hours discussing the importance 
of details and mechanics. I was not shown one document re phaidon,- not one.. Brad wanted to keep it 
private between he and his so called " advisors " however as he was out of the office during the most 
important transaction of the year, I did get to spend time with joslin Joe and john, - the situation in your 
office is wholly ludicrous - to summarize - the list I provided to Brad last December - things I 
thought were a priority to get done after consulting with your office still remains virtually undone. 
EFTA00812204
--- PAGE 22 ---
IT, still desperately needed- reporting flawed cumbersome and inaccurate . all done by hand as one -off 
exercises , - airplane: re structure, (my only suggested priority in june ) is really ,no further ahead, 
,consultants up the kazoo but nothing at all done.( the office was told that i cannot even see the proposals 
received without brads specific authorization ) - brad has no idea even as to what questions to ask. he 
knows little of finance, is run roughshod over by almost everyone in the office. he is a little man , using 
your power, to appear larger . Eileen was self aware enough to know she was over her head , that is a 
huge difference. bad info is rampant ie 3 million in deductions Im told are taken for art space but on 
closer examination it turns out they cannot be used at all. ( ZERO benefit ) though you will be told yes 
they were deducted on the return they said that is the question they get asked ! " were they deducted " 
not -" is there a benefit " !! 
I asked for the balance sheet and P and L for Regan arts , a basic first step 
in order to check your financials. "sorry we never got one?" though 9.8 million invested, no 
p&I, nothing , a construction project run amok , no budget, the coo fired after only 3 months. , no clue 
. I can add that artspace financials are also a total mess. 
As your friend and in order totum the page. I will try to be constructive 
The following is a list of things I think would be in your interest to get done asap .but definitely not by 
me. 
i suggest you form new grats. , hire a high level tax partner. use your trading accounts as they 
remain the paramount requirement 16 months after i emailed to you their importance. , I suggest you 
consider having the 49percent of phaidon merged into artspance and have Richard buy artspace. re-
do bank loans. no need to pay interest at higher rates on boat or plane.. as Richard is now no longer 
trustee. re- do will, make suydam executor , with Barry, and john as back up. pay 1 million a year for 
executor role. get rid of Judy Black trust, deal with gifts and their tax returns, . review amounts to kids at 
fixed ages. put more protections in for Alex and Victoria. , distribute some money to kids let them 
make decisions. , decide art division with children in attendance . have fire drill done on estate. fill out 
estate returns as if you and Debra died today, choose advisers - rick bronstein said the only 1040 he ever 
filled out was his own. ( this is brads chosen advisor??!) Halperin has a conflict that should be 
addressed., Debra should enter a tenants in common agreement with kids. you have airplane 
consultants tax consultants it consultants. plane operation consultant.. boat consultants. architects, 
lighting , art, legal, . foundation , deal with TRA , BRH , rationalize investments. cash flow. reporting, 
gaming disclosures. foreign, gift.. prepare tax projections for 15 and 16, . deal with neg basis ( tufts gain, 
debt financed. art partnership, pledges. sell stock , art, deal with phaidon debt. athene,? income , capital 
, foreign , exit, corporate, insurance regs, out and inbound issues, basis, appropriate discount rates. 
? terminations. control. , qualified dividends. corporate tolls, inversion rules. , grat issues, short swing 
and other sec disclosures, Rothshcild bank, 150 b they have a distribution network with no products , 
private bank Rockefeller Rothschild. financial service. deal with UK visa issue sooner rather than 
later. we can talk about Rowen request re Athene , 2 billion in taxes on transaction. ?! 
the facts as i see them 
in June and then again Sept, we both agreed to a 50% of phaidon payout., then after weeks of thinking 
about the issue ( which I fully understand ) . the payout was unilaterally changed . 5m woudl be reserved 
EFTA00812205
--- PAGE 23 ---
for the future ? . and out of the remaining 15m ,? i would receive only 5. ( note : Pm confident that 
both the debt , and the artspace investment will also lead to a write off of another 30 m. plus ) In my 
dining room ,you were surprised when I said that i require most people to pay their advisory fee up 
front so that I am assured that I will be properly compensated for my work when strategies that I devise 
are implemented . you may recall that you appeared offended and said " are you suggesting that i 
would go back on my word " I said no , of course not ! you are my closest of friends ,but my experience 
is that when amounts get large, people tend to get unhappy when it actually comes time for them to pay ,. 
From day zero a 50 - 60 million price was attached as the fair price of the transaction just completed . 
though this amount was already substantially less thanour agreed and negotiated formula. - I was 
never told that this was out of range. in fact, alternative methods of payment . plane -in-kind etc, were 
discussed ( ie keeping the 30m portion of fee outstanding till March ) ,I provided as requested a 
detailed step by step execution plan and reviewed all documents that i was given access to. ( Phaidon 
was not forthcoming ) in order to make my many corrections . I was then told that Alans 
involvement warranted a discount . Even in the best of light , though it is beyond question that not 
one-,not -one time in three years has he ever proposed a unique idea. (including the new tenant in 
common idea,) and lets say he made a contribution to the plan andeven that it was 50 %. though no one 
could posit such a large amount unless they were wearing a brightly colored clown suit. , the price of 
doing the deal was known . It had both sent in writing and spoken about on the phone numerous times 
, a detailed execution plan was provided . then and only then after all was laid out for the group I was 
told that after a number of conversations with brad karp that only 20m would be paid , (and even that 
was more than originally contemplated ) for both transactions . I feel It was remarkably unfair. Did 
brad even know of our prior agreement.? I called him and he said he was never told.?, I would ask that 
you I and Brad karp sit together if you think it would be helpful.. I would like to send him this email, 
with your consent of course. If the transactions were never consummated , i would not be owed a dime, 
however , the price was known up front. , the detailed step by step plan was followed and overseen by 
me, the price that had been requested before the transaction was begun, and had heady heavily 
discounted, out of friendship, from our agreement . I believe the decision re paying only 20 
m has frankly left me felling quite uneasy. 
since you asked since last nov. 
i found 11 million dollars in dormant accounts. 4 million dollars in 
eileens drawer.. went through cash flows for phaidon shwoing that john murphy is not an 
accountant. redid your gagosian contract , . organized structure in case of divorce. set up gift trust. 
stopped ada from including multiple times things not in your interest. dealt with bad sales tax use tax 
income tax . created 8 millino in deductions ,500k in mistakes , found bank of scotland fbar problems, . 
. reorg bad art purchases , funds taken, charibale decustions , helped with fincnacil sttment gamoing 
commions fling.. boat deductions, rescued stock from grats.. may 1 after months of brad not finding 
anyone i sent an email saying you would have to pay more.. on april 15. I sent an email detailing 
payments owed if i could figure out the basis issue, please see attached, . 
questions you might ask your team ask them to provide a balance sheet or p&I for REgan 
arts. . doesnt exist 
EFTA00812206
--- PAGE 24 ---
ask . either wechsler or haperin to tell you what brh is, or how the tra works. .. ? as bronstein to tell you 
why the proposed phaidon transaction DOES not work. . as them to give you a plan for the plane. ? ask 
them to show you the cash mgmt for over 100 million dollars. . ask them to show you the IT system 
progress after one year. . the approval process for payables. . the cash flow projections? 
assumptions? ask for a comparative review of investments. ask haperin to describle to you in any detail 
BRH , the major asset of his two biggest clients. tax basis, disposiotion in the estate. . etc. ask brad to 
show you the liquidation of the inteveing art space cos? . 
Last year you asked , for my help I told you I preferred not as we would be better off having no 
financial intereactions. the risk was not worth it. You told me that as my friend i had to do it I 
agreed., here we are in what I find to be an awkward situation. the transactions that i decvised were 
used , our agreement was ignored. and im not sure how to respond. 
since you asked since last nov. 
i found 11 million dollars in dormant accounts. 4 million dollars in 
eileens drawer.. went through cash flows for phaidon shwoing that john murphy is not an 
accountant. redid your gagosian contract , . organized structure in case of divorce. set up gift trust. 
stopped ada from including multiple times things not in your interest. dealt with bad sales tax use tax 
income tax . created 8 millino in deductions ,500k in mistakes , found bank of scotland fbar problems, . 
. reorg bad art purchases , funds taken, charibale deductions , helped with fincnacil sttment gamoing 
commions fling.. boat deductions, rescued stock from grats. . may 1 after months of brad not finding 
anyone i sent an email saying you would have to pay more. . on april 15. I sent an email detailing 
payments owed if i could figure out the basis issue, please see attached, . 
questions you might ask your team ask them to provide a balance sheet or p&I for REgan 
arts. . doesnt exist 
ask . either wechsler or haperin to tell you what brh is, or how the tra works. .. ? as bronstein to tell you 
why the proposed phaidon transaction DOES not work. . as them to give you a plan for the plane. ? ask 
them to show you the cash mgmt for over 100 million dollars. . ask them to show you the IT system 
progress after one year. . the approval process for payables. . the cash flow projections? 
assumptions? ask for a comparative review of investments. ask haperin to describle to you in any detail 
BRH , the major asset of his two biggest clients. tax basis, disposiotion in the estate. . etc. ask brad to 
show you the liquidation of the inteveing art space cos? . 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey E. <ieevacation@mnail.com>
Date: Tue, Apr 14, 2015 at 5:53 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
EFTA00812207
--- PAGE 25 ---
saved you 500k at the last minute, . brad has had the same chart since march 16th, its his job to 
review NOT MINE .appears he is one of those living in the dark leiwe. I found 8 million dollars today, 
missed deductions. . not yet in the numbers, .? 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey E. <ieevacation@email.com>
Date: Wed, Apr 15, 2015 at 8:59 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
did the paul weiss bill get paid ??? 2. Talk to me before signing anything today important 
10m paid today to gratitude america, a 501 c 3, willl make last year complete. 20 million paid today 
ftc . 10 million july 15 5 million sept 30. , 5 million jan 1 for all of 16 . tax savings paid at 37 percent 
. of net. savings. 50 million credit. net. so 150 million free . 600 savings 225 million owed. -
credit, 175 owed.  600 savings 225 million owed. - 50 credit, 175 owed. 
Date: Tue, Jan 5, 2016 at 6:36 PM 
Subject: Fwd: leon DO NOT SEND, hand deliver. 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Transaction complete ! 
When we had our meeting in your home in Bedford. You asked me for my help. I told you multiple 
times that i thought it was a very bad idea, in that I preferred to have no financial interactions. I dont 
have many friends and didnt want money to interefer with our unique relationship. For five years you 
had the kind but goofy Eileen Alexandersson managing your accounting , legal, investments. reporting, 
trusts etc. When I told you in no uncertain terms that I firmly believed she was incompetent you 
admonished me for " speaking out of both sides of my mouth " . With regard Brad Wechsler , there is no 
" both sides. ". I have consistantly maintained since day one that he was highly unsuited for the 
job. When you initially asked me to help convince him to take the role , promising him a postion to 
manage mirage investments I sent you a note saying instead you should pay up and get first class 
people. I have reiterated the same message for over a year now.. Brad , not me was tasked with hiring 
new people and as you wanted him to take ownership of the staff,he conducted many interviews. you 
may recall that as late as may, you told him in my presence that he had had six months and had not hired 
anyone. since then I have rectified errors in sales tax, use tax, income tax, fbar reporting, 1031 
reporting, 8 million of deductions. ,( last nov ) 11 million found in dormant accounts and 4 million in the 
drawer. errors in cash flow both personal and Phaidon. Oversight on new grats first at 22 and then at 19 
that were done without my consulatation were resolved only as aresult of my intervention. . 600 million 
in after tax savings was just accomplished. 
EFTA00812208
--- PAGE 26 ---
With Brad out of the office and unable to run his usual interference , the level of his total and 
utter incompetence was brought clearly , front and center. He may be a step up from Eileen, but, if he 
is , then it is certainly not by much, A major difference is that Eileen knew she was over her head. Brad 
struts his stupiditly whenever he gets a chance. 
A critical example. - Though you and I have spent many many hours discussing the importance of 
care and attention to details and mechanics. with regard Phaidon I was not shown one single document 
, not one.!! Brad wanted to keep it private between he, and his so called " advisors " however as he was 
out of the office during the most important transaction of the year, I did get to spend time with joslin Joe 
and john, - the situation in your office is totally ludicrous - to summarize - the list I provided to 
Brad last December - of things I thought were a priority to get done - still remains in the whole 
unresolved. 
The IT, is virtually untouched and is still in desperate need of a format - reporting flawed cumbersome 
and inaccurate . all done by hand as one -off exercises , when either you or brad ask for it - airplane: re 
structure, (my only suggested priority in june ) is really ,no further ahead, consultants up the kazoo but 
nothing at all done.( the office was told by Brad not to share the outside proposals with me - brad has no 
idea even as to what questions to ask. he knows little of finance, is bullshitted over by almost everyone in 
the office. a little man , using your power, to appear larger . Eileen was self aware enough to know she 
was over her head , that is a huge difference. bad info is rampant a simple emblematic example- 3 
million in deductions Im told were taken for art space but on closer examination it turns out they cannot 
be used at all. ( ZERO benefit ) though you will be told yes they were deducted on the return they said 
that is the only real question you were focused on ! " were they deducted " not -" is there a benefit " 
!! 
I asked for the balance sheet and P and L for Regan arts , a basic first step in order to check your 
financials. "sorry we never got one?" though 9.8 million invested, no p&I, nothing!, a construction 
project run amok , no budget, the coo fired after only 3 months. , no clue . fyi artspace financials are 
also a total mess. ( no receivables ??). when i asked for a list of what got done and did not, i received the 
email from Brad basicailly mind you own business. so much was promised. !!! 
As in your words probably your closest friend and in order to turn the page. I hope the following to 
be constructive 
Here is a list of things I think would be in your interest to get done asap .but definitely not by me . 
i suggest you form new grats. , hire a high level tax partner. use your trading accounts as they 
remain a paramount requirement 16 months after i emailed you re their importance. THe Phaidon 
transaction papered and structured as contemplated DOES NOT WORK , its as simple as that. DOES 
NOT !! 
I suggest again that you re-do bank loans. no need to pay interest at higher rates on boat or 
plane.. as Richard is now no longer trustee. re- do will, make suydam executor , with Barry, and john 
as back up. pay 1 million a year for executor role. get rid of Judy Black trust, deal with gifts and their 
tax returns, . review amounts to kids at fixed ages. put more protections in for Alex and 
Victoria. , distribute some money to kids let them make decisions. , decide art division with children 
in attendance . have fire drill done on estate. fill out estate returns as if you and Debra died today, choose 
advisers - rick bronstein said the only 1040 he ever filled out was his own. Halperin has a conflict that 
EFTA00812209
--- PAGE 27 ---
should be addressed., A strategy of the use of art should be implemented.. you have tax consultants it 
consultants. plane operation consultant.. boat consultants. architects, lighting , art, legal, . foundation 
, deal with TRA , BRH , rationalize investments. cash flow. reporting, gaming disclosures. foreign, gift.. 
prepare tax projections for 15 and 16, . deal with neg basis ( tufts gain, debt financed. art partnership, 
pledges. sell stock , art, deal with phaidon debt. athene,? income , capital , foreign , exit, corporate, 
insurance regs, out and inbound issues, basis, appropriate discount rates. ? terminations. control. , 
qualified dividends. corporate tolls, inversion rules. , grat issues, short swing and other sec disclosures, 
I still think you might consider a Rothshcild bank transaction they have 150 b and a distribution 
network with no products , private bank Rockefeller Rothschild. financial service. deal with UK visa 
issue sooner rather than later. we can talk about Rowen request re Athene , complex 2 billion in 
taxes on transaction. ?! 
the facts as i see them 
in June and then again Sept, we both agreed to a 50% of phaidon payout., then only after weeks, when 
you delayed any detailed discussion of money wanting to give the issue a thoughtful response ( which I 
fully understand ) . you unilaterally changed changed our agreement. . 5m would be reserved for the 
future ? . and out of the remaining 15m ,? i would receive only a third. ( note : I'm confident that 
both the debt , and the artspace investment will also lead to a write off of another 30 m. plus ) In my 
dining room ,you were surprised when I said that i require most people to pay their advisory fee up 
front so that I am assured that I will be properly compensated for my work when strategies are 
implemented . you may recall that you appeared offended and said " are you suggesting that i would 
go back on my word " I said no , of course not ! you are my closest of friends ,but my experience is 
that when amounts get large, people tend to get unhappy when it actually comes time for them to pay 
I included in this letter the email i sent to you on April 15, the day i was examining your returns It 
laid out my understanding of the compensation for a transaction of the magnitude to the penny of the one 
just completed. though the number was great it was clear. When it appeared that the details could now be 
worked out I was the first to say , it is too much money, however. 
From day zero I proposed to discount to 50 - 60 million the fair price of the transaction just completed . 
including Phaidon.. though this amount was already substantially less than our agreed and negotiated 
formula. - I was never told that this was out of range. in fact, alternative methods of payment 
. plane, or an -in-kind payment were discussed ( ie including keeping the 30m portion of fee 
outstanding till March ) ,I provided as you specifically requested a detailed step by step execution plan 
and reviewed all documents that i was given access to. ( Phaidon was not forthcoming ) in order to 
make my many corrections . I was then told that Alans involvement warranted a discount . Even in 
the best of light , though it is beyond question that not one time in the three years of his retainer has he 
ever proposed a unique idea. (including any wayt to deal with the use issue on debras death ,or even the 
most basic review of your largest asset by far , the BRH agreement. ) O.K. - lets say he made a 
contribution to the plan and stretch reality beyond the pale and say it was 50 %. though no one could 
posit such a large amount unless they were wearing a brightly colored clown suit. , the payment 
associated with the deal was known . It had both sent in writing and spoken about on the phone 
EFTA00812210
--- PAGE 28 ---
numerous times , a detailed execution plan was provided . then and only then after all was laid out for 
the group I was told that after a number of conversations with brad karp that a total of only 20m would 
be paid , (and even that was more than originally contemplated ) for both transactions . Leon I feel It 
was remarkably unfair. I wondered whether brad even knew of our prior agreement.? I called him and 
he said he was never told.?, I would ask that you I and Brad karp sit together if you think it would be 
helpful.. I would like to send him this email, with your consent of course. If the transactions were 
never consummated , i would not be owed a dime, however , the expected fee was known up front. , the 
detailed step by step plan was followed and overseen by me, the amount that I had requested before the 
transaction was even begun, and had already been heavily discounted, out of friendship, from our 
agreement . I believe the decision re only paying 20 m has frankly , left me felling quite uneasy. 
since you asked since last nov. 
i found 11 million dollars in dormant accounts. 4 million dollars in 
eileens drawer.. went through cash flows for phaidon showing that john murphy is not an 
accountant. redid your gagosian contract , . organized structure in case of divorce. set up gift trust. 
stopped ada from including multiple times things not in your interest. dealt with bad sales tax use tax 
income tax . created 8 millino in deductions ,500k in mistakes , found bank of scotland fbar problems, . 
. reorg bad art purchases , funds taken, charitable decisions , helped with financial statements, gaming 
commission.. boat deductions, rescued stock from grats. . may 1 after months of brad not finding 
anyone i sent an email saying you would have to pay more.. on april 15. I sent an email detailing 
payments owed if i could figure out the basis issue, please see attached, . 
questions you might ask your team ask them to provide a balance sheet or p&I for REgan 
arts. . doesn't exist 
ask . either wechsler or haperin to tell you what brh is, or how the tra works. .. ? as bronstein to tell you 
why the proposed phaidon transaction DOES not work. . ask them to give you a plan for the plane. 
? ask them to show you the cash mgmt for over 100 million dollars. . ask them to show you the IT 
system progress after one year. separate from making it more secure though you are not a trader with 
inside info the approval process for payable-s. . the cash flow projections? assumptions? ask for a 
comparative review of investments. ask haperin to describe to you in any detail BRH , the major asset of 
his two biggest clients. tax basis, disposition in the estate.. etc. ask brad to show you the liquidation of 
the intervening art space cos? that has been on the table for months. . 
Date: Wed, Jan 6, 2016 at 3:44 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY , 
Mark was here this morning , the proposed transactions are extremely complex . and would take a great 
deal of detailed time. I do not know how, and if ,to move forward - our last transaction. a transaction 
which you saved 600 million in tax. even if as you say it could be 20 years away , ( i hope 
EFTA00812211
--- PAGE 29 ---
longer) discounted to today is a savings of 300 million . for some reason you chose to ignore our 
agreements , verbal written and emailed -and decided that it was only worth 8 million dollars to you.. ( 
assuming phaidon -richard happens. the calculation that you can see is a 24 m savings not including 
artspace and debt benefits- certain to come later .. IMPORTANT NOTE 
the phaidon transaction as currently contemplated will not work . NOT CLOSE 
When we had our meeting in your home in Bedford. You asked me for my help. I told you multiple 
times that i thought it was a very bad idea, in that I greatly preferred to have no financial interactions. I 
don't have many friends and didn't want money in any way to interfere with our unique relationship. 
Reminder , 
For five years you had the kind, but very goofy Eileen Alexandersson as the sole manager 
of your massive accounting , legal, investments. reporting, trusts etc. When I first told you in no 
uncertain terms that I firmly believed she was incompetent you admonished me for " speaking out of both 
sides of my mouth " . With regard Brad Wechsler , there has never been a " both sides. ". I have 
consistantly maintained since day one that he was highly unsuited for the job. When you initially asked 
me to help convince him to take the role , promising him a position to manage mirage investments I sent 
you a note saying that instead of hiring him you should pay up and get first class people. I have 
reiterated the same message for over a year now.. Brad , not me ,was tasked with hiring new people , 
according to his biz school org chart.(nauseating ) and as you wanted him to take ownership of the 
staff,he conducted many interviews alone. . you may recall that as late as may, you told him in my 
presence that though six months had passed he had not hired anyone. since then I have rectified errors 
in sales tax, use tax, income tax, fbar reporting, 1031 reporting, 8 million of deductions missed errors of 
millions on the returns. a cashflow that is misleading helped prepare financial statements ( april ) 
Oversight on new grats- first at 22 and then at 19 that were done without my consultation and 
were "resolved " soley as a result of my last minute intervention.. 600 million in after tax savings was 
just accomplished. (BTW- for some reason you left the 30 million outstanding that I had said should only 
be done" if" that was my additional fee. and not used for non biz purposes and not art. 
Sony but ., 
in June and then again Sept, we both agreed to a 50% of phaidon payout first projected at 20 . but less 
when artspace and debt taken out, - then only after weeks, when you delayed any detailed discussion of 
money wanting to give the issue a thoughtful response ( which I fully understand ) . you unilaterally 
changed our agreement.. 5m would be reserved for the future ? . and out of the remaining 15m ,? i 
would receive only a third. ( note : I'm confident that both the debt , and the art space investment will 
also lead to a write- off of another 30 m. plus ) In my dining room ,you were surprised when I said that 
i require most people to pay their advisory fee up front so that I am assured that I will be 
properly compensated for my work when strategies are implemented . you may recall that you appeared 
offended and said " are you suggesting that i would go back on my word " I said no , of course not ! 
you are my closest of friends ,but my experience is that when amounts get large, people tend to get 
unhappy when it actually comes time for them to pay. 
EFTA00812212
--- PAGE 30 ---
I include below the email i sent to you on April 15, the day i was examining your returns It laid out 
my understanding of the compensation agreed for a transaction of the magnitude to the penny of the one 
just completed.ie 600m 
When it appeared that the transcation would and could go foward I was the 
first to point out that our agreement would cost you too much money, therefore 
From day one I proposed to discount our agreement to a 50 - 60 million range. An 
extremely fair price for all the transactions just completed . including Phaidon. - 
I was never told that 
this was out of range. in fact, alternative methods of payment . ie my plane, or an -in-kind payment 
were discussed ( ie including keeping the 30m portion of the fee outstanding till March ) ,I provided , 
only because you specifically requested a detailed step by step execution plan and reviewed all 
documents that i was given access to. ( Phaidon was never forthcoming ) in order to make my many 
corrections . ( as i said more needed on phaidon ) . 
I was then told that Alans involvement warranted a 
discount . Even in the best of light , though it is beyond question that not one time in the three years of 
his retainer has he ever proposed a unique idea. (including any way to deal with the use issue on debras 
death ,or even the most basic review of your largest asset by far , the BRH agreement. ) O.K. - lets say 
he made a contribution to the plan and stretch reality beyond the pale and say it was 50 %. though no 
one could posit such a large amount unless they were wearing a clown suit. , the payment and our 
formula of 37 percent associated with the deal was known . It had both sent in writing and spoken 
about on the phone numerous times , a detailed execution plan was provided . then and only then, after 
the entire transaction was laid out for the group to follow You told me that after a number of 
conversations with brad karp that a total of only 20m would be paid , (and even that was more than you 
originally contemplated ) for both transactions . Leon I feel It was remarkably unfair. Did brad 
even knew of our prior agreements.? ?, I would ask that you I and Brad karp sit together if you think it 
would be helpful.. I would like to send him this email, with your consent of course. If the transactions 
were never consummated , i would not be owed a dime, however , the expected fee was known up front. 
, the detailed step by step plan was followed and overseen by me, the amount that I had requested before 
the transaction had even begun, had already been heavily discounted, out of friendship, . I believe the 
decision re only paying 20 m has frankly , left me felling quite uneasy. and colors the view about the 
Athene or Rothschild transaction. 
Date: Wed, Jan 6, 2016 at 12:44 PM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY , 
In the spirit in which it is sent. our friendship is intact and solid , though ,it has taken a hit. 
Mark was here this morning , the proposed transactions are extremely complex . and would take a 
great deal of my detailed time. I do not know how, and even, if ,to move forward - . After months of 
hearing that you would have no problem paying a large fee if you could only ascertain value. The last 
transaction. a transaction which you saved over 600 million in tax. declared bullet proof by your attnys, 
and even if you want to disoccount for its future realization, creating a savings of over 300 million 
real dollars. For some reason you chose to ignore our agreements , verbal written and emailed -and at 
the very last minute , after the deal was complete decided that it was only worth 8 million dollars to you 
EFTA00812213
--- PAGE 31 ---
and your family. . ( assuming phaidon -richard happens. there is a 24 m savings not including artspace 
and debt write down benefits- certain to come later .. IMPORTANT NOTE 
the phaidon transaction as currently contemplated will not work . WILL NOT !! 
When we had our meeting in your home in Bedford. You asked me for my help. I told you multiple 
times that i thought it was a very bad idea, in that I greatly preferred to have no financial interactions. I 
don't have many friends and didn't want money in any way to interfere with our unique relationship. 
Reminder , 
For five years you had the kind, but very goofy Eileen Alexandersson as the sole manager 
of your massive accounting , legal, investments. reporting, trusts etc. When I first told you in no 
uncertain terms that I firmly believed she was incompetent you admonished me for " speaking out of both 
sides of my mouth " . With regard Brad Wechsler , there has never been a " both sides. ". I have 
consistantly maintained since day one that he was highly unsuited for the job. When you initially asked 
me to help convince him to take the role , promising him a position to manage mirage investments I sent 
you a note saying that instead of hiring him you should pay up and get first class people. I have 
reiterated the same message for over a year now.. Brad , not me ,was tasked with hiring new people , 
according to his biz school org chart.(nauseating ) and as you wanted him to take ownership of the 
staff,he conducted many interviews alone. . you may recall that as late as may, you told him in my 
presence that though six months had passed he had not hired anyone. since then I have rectified errors 
in sales tax, use tax, income tax, fbar reporting, 1031 reporting, 8 million of deductions missed errors of 
millions on the returns. a cashflow that is misleading helped prepare financial statements ( april ) 
Oversight on new grats- first at 22 and then at 19 that were done without my consultation and 
were "resolved " soley as a result of my last minute intervention.. 600 million in after tax savings was 
just accomplished. (BTW- for some reason you left the 30 million outstanding that I had said should only 
be done" if" that was my additional fee. and not used for non biz purposes and not art. 
Sony but ., 
in June and then again Sept, we both agreed to a 50% of phaidon payout first projected at 20 . but less 
when artspace and debt taken out, - then only after weeks, when you delayed any detailed discussion of 
money wanting to give the issue a thoughtful response ( which I fully understand ) . you unilaterally 
changed our agreement.. 5m would be reserved for the future ? . and out of the remaining 15m ,? i 
would receive only a third. ( note : I'm confident that both the debt , and the art space investment will 
also lead to a write- off of another 30 m. plus ) In my dining room ,you were surprised when I said that 
i require most people to pay their advisory fee up front so that I am assured that I will be 
properly compensated for my work when strategies are implemented . you may recall that you appeared 
offended and said " are you suggesting that i would go back on my word " I said no , of course not ! 
you are my closest of friends ,but my experience is that when amounts get large, people tend to get 
unhappy when it actually comes time for them to pay. 
I include below the email i sent to you on April 15, the day i was examining your returns It laid out 
my understanding of the compensation agreed for a transaction of the magnitude to the penny of the one 
EFTA00812214
--- PAGE 32 ---
just completed.ie 600m 
When it appeared that the transcation would and could go foward I was the 
first to point out that our agreement would cost you too much money, therefore 
more details 
From day one I proposed to discount our agreement to a 50 - 60 million range. An 
extremely fair price for all the transactions just completed . including Phaidon. - I was never told that 
this was out of range. in fact, alternative methods of payment . ie my plane, or an -in-kind payment 
were discussed ( ie including keeping the 30m portion of the fee outstanding till March ) ,I provided , 
only because you specifically requested a detailed step by step execution plan and reviewed all 
documents that i was given access to. ( Phaidon was never forthcoming ) in order to make my many 
corrections . ( as i said more needed on phaidon ) . 
I was then told that Alans involvement warranted a 
discount . Even in the best of light , though it is beyond question that not one time in the three years of 
his retainer has he ever proposed a unique idea. (including any way to deal with the use issue on debras 
death ,or even the most basic review of your largest asset by far , the BRH agreement. ) O.K. - lets say 
he made a contribution to the plan and stretch reality beyond the pale and say it was 50 %. though no 
one could posit such a large amount unless they were wearing a clown suit. , the payment and our 
formula of 37 percent associated with the deal was known . It had both sent in writing and spoken 
about on the phone numerous times , a detailed execution plan was provided . then and only then, after 
the entire transaction was laid out for the group to follow You told me that after a number of 
conversations with brad karp that a total of only 20m would be paid , (and even that was more than you 
originally contemplated ) for both transactions . Leon I feel It was remarkably unfair. Did brad 
even knew of our prior agreements.? ?, I would ask that you I and Brad karp sit together if you think it 
would be helpful.. I would like to send him this email, with your consent of course. If the transactions 
were never consummated , i would not be owed a dime, however , the expected fee was known up front. 
, the detailed step by step plan was followed and overseen by me, the amount that I had requested before 
the transaction had even begun, had already been heavily discounted, out of friendship, . I believe the 
decision re only paying 20 m has frankly , left me felling quite uneasy. and colors the view about the 
Athene or Rothschild transaction. 
Date: Fri, Jan 29, 2016 at 2:39 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
you've agreed that 
Your office is a multi billion dollar responsibility. your children will inherit it , in order to oversee their 
financial lives- I feel for you, truly ,but the facts are the facts, your ceo ( Brad) has provided one bad 
document after another for over a year , no getting away from it„ bad cash flows no new IT, each 
time with " its gettting better " no in fact -! its not. - the excuse, that Brad is not the numbers guy, is 
ludicrous. of course he didnt actually prepare the statements. - no ceo would ,- but over and over he 
presented them to you and me , after , holding them back for his personal review multiple times and 
after multiple drafts. weeks of his editing, the consistant but "inexplicable "missing the 
EFTA00812215
--- PAGE 33 ---
obvious serious errors . ( gaming ) inaccuracies, ( cashflow ) and mistakes (tax returns). why, ?! the 
simple answer is that at best, he is a c minus, (note. I, like you ,also give points for effort. )- ! an 
elegant art partnership gone fallow. ??!!I and its core reason to exist. not used ? no docs for plane?, 
still ! why? no docs for decantings why? the docs for deal 1 received last night , " no docs at all for 
deal 2, the biggest " . why wasn't Tom brought in , after 4 times of my incessant reminders i spoke to 
him , he knows little of either transaction except for over view. never saw pahidon anything except 
projections until yesterday ? ?and this after your clear admonition etc. re the trading accounts no 
activity, at all, 
Barry Cohen is great. more like him please . 
you asked , - I did my best trying to train your brad chosen people in the face of my telling you that they 
were never going to be more than c-minuses, thousands of emails thousands ? 
Brad at its head . you 
can't as a ceo, have an accountant give you multiple pages with the most important numbers missing 
altogether and not notice, you and I saw the errrors right away ,as did my very junior bookeeper after 
only a cursory glance. He told me he didnt know the details of his note? ! , my guess is that he wanted to 
pay less. no more than that, any other story is blather. its silly. Talk to richard yourself. 
re your estate. Yes another Brad issue - your will, needs revision. the tenants in common structure I 
assume Alan has carefully walked you through. it is way overdue, needed and exciting. I won't list the 
more serious issues in an email but we can speak over the weekend. 
How can I help? We agreed at the time when you hired Castrucci , that when you fired him, I would 
bear no responsibility because it was clear that he shouldnt be hired. brad and you both said ," its on us", 
but... the equivalent of your art consultant pointing to a picasso and calling it a renoir. then a brancusi 
and calling it a michaelangelo. those were the types of erros that i saw immediatily, you said give them 
more time. at least they saw it was a painting and not a photo? 
being weaned of our biz /pay realtionship has been our mutual goal. However since novemebr, you 
chose to do so by ignoring' our agreement re, phaidon,and your oft stated commitment to me of large 
payments for large value, ( 37 percent was our number ). chose to pay me a number picked by what 
appears to be only by whim,- have yet to justify it except for telling me that you and Brad Karp 
talked.. . 
What should we do? the next two years in biz world appears to both you and I , very fragile. 
Im 
happy to have brad sit in ? 
Date: Thu, Oct 15, 2015 at 10:38 PM 
Subject: 
EFTA00812216
--- PAGE 34 ---
To: Melanie Spinella
Office, 
- ada goes. , hire heather a paralegal . 
Joslin goes or is closely managed by new cfo with 
tax experience. . castrucii goes asap.as he merely adds to mess.( too many people , ex 7 people or 
more to pay a bill ) eva goes. outsource as much as possible.. bookkeeping systems built from 
scratch, airplane restructure, boat . same, new grats. phaidon sale , decide on artspace 
survivability, regan, . do the kids really want these? , children accounting ie bens house.etc. re do 
estate for new facts. redo loans, trading accounts activity, . gaming -foreign- disclosures. . BRH 
TRA re thinks . household and construction architects. . redone. art partnership , choice of 
paintings. . re do structure of consultants. tax re family office. . decide if investments are a realistic 
option in the next three years.. insurance. operations. airplane , etc. . art foundation , private . max 
charity contributions. financial reports. still waiting. ? on line banking, . tax planning, family office 
deductions ( profit center ) . airplane certificate, redone jet aviation redo. . 
paper gigi ( E )trust to 
avoid gift tax.. 
today is Oct 15 
With your full knowledge I paid out 8 mil to my staff before June, . so i guess I can safely assume that 
after consideration of all the things I did for the entire past year separate and apart from your unique free 
"after care" concept. , what you thought was ultimately fair was the contribution of 5 million to 
a foundation and a total of 2 million dollars to me. 
Date: Thu, Feb 4, 2016 at 10:01 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
josh's arrival cut short our needed conversation. I understand we have a difference of opinion. friends 
sometimes disagree, I shook on the 20 so you have no further obligation, none, I am willing to have 
brad karp hear both sides. as my view , you and i had an agreement. on phaidon /publishing, and then a 
long standing what you say is 28 , which is correct AFTer TAx. , 37 pre. . that was our numbers. I was 
clear what i thought the transactions were worth. far less than full. alan etc. , had you said i will pay 
you only 20 . i would have said ill pass. you never told me that 50-60 the number that i put on the 
table at the very beginning was not right. you asked that i lay out my plan step by step. and what i 
believe would have been the fair thing to do is say to me, I will pay you only 20 if you do as i 
ask, not tell me for the first time only after i laid it all out . had it not been you, i would have required 
payment in escrow. BEFORE 
fyi the reason I sent you an invoice so that if you decided that you 
wanted me to continue this year . it would be applied to last years income. I think today was a beginiing 
for you. I am glad I will meet wendy the 23, rd, . separate and aprt from being your sounding board for 
personal issues, I do not see my involvment moving forward. 
EFTA00812217
--- PAGE 35 ---
Date: Wed, Feb 10, 2016 at 12:56 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Melanie Spinella
this was sent four months ago, nothing has changed 
sent oct 15. before big transaction. 
Office, 
- ada goes. , hire heather a paralegal . 
Joslin goes or is closely managed by new cfo with 
tax experience. . castrucii goes asap.as he merely adds to mess.( too many people , ex 7 people or 
more to pay a bill ) eva goes. outsource as much as possible.. bookkeeping systems built from 
scratch, airplane restructure, boat . same, new grats. phaidon sale , decide on artspace 
survivability, regan, . do the kids really want these? , children accounting ie bens house.etc. re do 
estate for new facts. redo loans, trading accounts activity, . gaming -foreign- disclosures. . BRH 
TRA re thinks . household and construction architects. . redone. art partnership , choice of 
paintings. . re do structure of consultants. tax re family office. . decide if investments are a realistic 
option in the next three years.. insurance. operations. airplane , etc. . art foundation , private . max 
charity contributions. financial reports. still waiting. ? on line banking, . tax planning, family office 
deductions ( profit center ) . airplane certificate, redone jet aviation redo. . 
paper gigi ( E )trust to 
avoid gift tax.. 
Date: Thu, Mar 3, 2016 at 3:31 AM 
Subject: ask alan why he hasnt explained this to you since novmebr 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Tenancy in common is a type of shared ownership of property, where each owner owns a share of the 
property. Unlike in a joint tenancy these shares can be of unequal size, and can be freely transfered to 
other owners both during life and via a will. Even if owners own unequal shares, however, all owners 
have the right to occupy and use all of the property. 
Date: Sun, Mar 13, 2016 at 12:55 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
The fire drill documents received should be the final nail in the coffin of Alan and Ada, . 
It is 
inexcusable, ludricrous and in brads words "insane "or yours, " unexplainable" that the two people that 
you refer to as your estate attnys , NEVER EVER took the time to actually read the documents that have 
the biggest efffect on your family and estate upon death or disablity, its impossible.!!! IMPOSSIBLE 
. after telling me that they were confident that everything had been read , and after years , of you telling 
me that Im not an attorney, it is clear that my telling you that you have c quality people was over 
EFTA00812218
--- PAGE 36 ---
generous„ I received a first draft of the summary of documents. you should read them for 
yourself. . executive committee issues. , unclear tax. contradictory provisions,your reps having to rely 
possibly on a fall back to delaware law to protect your interests, even suggesting that even if 
they would like to fall back , in some instances - no case law. 
other crazy- provisions that are 
personal to you , instead of you and your successor ? two pages of " open to interpretation" .or aha , 
maybe something is wrong! as ie, 
your rep, after death has no right for information on BRH? ! if you 
and another founder are dead , the exec commitee has no decision authority, if josh and mark want to 
fuck your heirs, its easy, black family partner does dont deal with successionl YOU deserve better 
fyi, after a month of brad ada and alan ,on the project, still not willing to share with me a final, they 
are all embarassed. and full of excuses . 
It will take wendy and a new team 6 to 9 months to put your house in order. , new cash flows. new 
accounting system, airplane rethought,  you new hires can find deals , they can familiarize themselves 
with your current investments , but should not be doing the accounting for them, . 
your will is still not amended, ?! the tenants in common not even explained to you. if something 
happens to you and debra, no real direction for the foundation.. etc 
Date: Mon, Mar 21, 2016 at 4:17 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
glad to see you are personally on the mend - as well as the fence. -- As you know i dread money 
discussions with you-- however -we should address the issue of what you would like to do moving 
forward. re- do family office, accounting trusts , estate and apollo agreements . Along with your " 
payment " last year we agreed . no further obligations on each side. yes, i continued to moan. I realize 
that though 
I ye done quite a lot this year already , it is not your responsibility. . As you often like to 
remind me- you've paid a great deal of money to date. that being said - If you want my involvement 
moving foward, 
I suggest you pay my regular 1 fee of 40 m . 20 now . 20 on completion or as per the 
invoice issues at the end of last year pay 30 all at once. - 
To help out . im keenly aware of your current cash position. so I will consider an in-kind payment -
real estate ( Miami )„art , financing of my new plane (allows you to spread over years or of course 
the preferred cash. Get rid of Castrucci,it is over a year since the same story of findign the right guy at 
EFTA00812219
--- PAGE 37 ---
the top. you entire accounting needs to be re done. , office downsized, reporting re done. meetings to 
recitify, categlorize , the various does re appollo , rowen , suydam, alan etc. Brad can direct investment 
guys, ( hopefully) my people will be in your office for a few months . reorganizing IF you decide not 
to pay I fully understand, as I m sure you will re my no longer spending any serious time on these things. 
Of course re any non financial issues , I am always there for you and will continue to be the best friend 
I can be . 
Steve jobs said that everyday he woke up , and asked himself , if he knew he was going to die tomorow , 
would he do the same thing that he had planned for the day- he wanted to check that he was doing things 
that he really wanted to. after three days of getting back an answer of no, he would change what he was 
going to do. . he also did not believe in LONG term plans. I dont think either one of us will figure out 
what we want to do long term so my thinking is that we should try to have fun everyday, and welcome 
serendipity. 
I think another trust and estate lawyer should be brought in to deal with the issues of how not to allow 
your family to get screwed by your partners on death . Alan, for years told me that paul weiss had 
drawn the docs so no issue but when recently pushed by my new fire drill he asked akin to draft 
.?! PLease ask brad about why he keeps talking about flow . I dont know what he means, its so silly . 
. this is only about money control and protection . 
I am leaving monday night now. free to speak in the afternoon 
Date: Thu, Apr 28, 2016 at 1:55 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Lets start. 
I am aware that you are currently angry at the world. . me, karp wechsler. even 
yourself, all willing absorbers of the current high heat. (though you ,calling me ,Debra , did take away 
some of the sting ) 
I am sorry to see you this way. 
emblematic ; I was asked to opine on whether to hire castrucci. an hour after I gave a preliminary 
yes. . I called you then texted you that i had thought more about it and changed my mind. The next 
day brad called and asked for my vote. I told him ,in no uncertain terms it is a no , I categorically vote 
no. 
I called you . you came to see me . I said it was a bad idea. you said you were going to do it 
anyway , I said and followed up in writing IT IS A MISTAKE . and added Please don't come back to 
me with anything suggesting otherwise , you and I should be clear I think it is wrong . A very strong NO 
. you of course can hire whomever you like. 
early on I told you I thought Tom remarkably careless . Eilleen goofy and your art lawyer not well 
informed to say the least. you told me Tom was a senior partner. Eileen had headed the trading desk , and 
Ralph Lemer had to know what he was doing as he wrote the book. . I said I thought you deserved 
better ,should get better people and no , I am not an HR person. yesterday you told me that the reason 
EFTA00812220
--- PAGE 38 ---
you have hired whomver you could find was to avoid being dependent on me. a decision by far , not the 
best place to try to save money ) 
Joslin- who you say I hired . I neither found nor hired. With a two person given choice I approved joslin 
over some woman that eileen preferred. against my repeated advice you and eileen decided the pay range 
at under 300k . I told you at that time that I would personally pay the difference for a higher quality 
person, that was years ago . I have sent over a hundred emails to you clearly saying he needs to be 
closely managed by better professionals. initially , that referred to Eillen and Ada.and after, brad. john 
etc. THere are many emails each and every month from me, telling you , he is slipping 
failing cracking fragile. . crazy, nuts, heading towards incompetence. Unless YOU- TAKE 
ACTION! when I pressured him for accurate numbers , you told him, to tell me, that he works for you 
and NOT for me.. When I continued to press for accuracy from your office , you told me that they were 
now all afraid of me and i should let brad communicate any requests, ( you now tell me " we know what 
Brad is"?). When I told you you office needs to be reviewed and changed you told me i was being 
destructive rather than constructive. when i ultimately confronted joslin, in an attempt to protect you, 
told him that his numbers were wildly inaccurate , you told me that i had caused his ultimate 
resignation and now have an affirmative obligation to fill in the resultant gap. 
I did give you a bad number , and apologized as soon as i realized it. an error that was an embarrassment 
for me , the fact that that the accurate number is still way below what you agreed to pay , has fallen by 
the wayside.( the preposterous argument that the end of year transaction was Alans idea , which you now 
know was not true and that me not receiving Phaidon documents was unexplainable. was your 
justification though, for non - full payment ) 
Hopefully You will recall that when you initially asked for my help. I declined repeatedly with the 
admonition that that having a financial arrangement is fraught with danger and could complitcate our 
friendship (as you will be unhappy paying what you will view as a large sum. while choosing to ignore 
the financial benefits, ). In Bedford , I repeated my concern. THe current circumstance is distressing to 
me , I have done my utmost to keep you safe. and will continue to do so. reckless choices in 
accounting or otherwise does not bode well. at each turn I have put your interests first , including in some 
instances attempting to fight your choices. 
your current circumstance needs nuanced attention. as you know, there are a few areas with very serious 
consequences. whether it be , having Ada , form gnats without review, brad doing phaidon without 
review. payments make without review.merely in order to be weaned , is one more high risk choice. 
review of outside accounting firms , CANNOT be done by brad. to have your accounting dept sit in on 
Alans trust accounting lecture . in order to learn the filed is reminiscent of elieen reading the tax 
regs. ( she also was going to take a course) 
I am here in New York today. should you like to resume 
Date: Mon, May 2, 2016 at 12:51 AM 
Subject: Fwd: Valuation Discount 
To: Melanie Spinella 
EFTA00812221
--- PAGE 39 ---
Leon please read the attached proposed response to the IRS , see if you can understand it !!!. lye asked 
for a re-do. and given prelimiary directions to Alan to have it edited over the weekend 
. If you are quarterbacking ,ok with me. just please let everyone know. you must deal with the 
outrageous incompetence in your family office .. Alans words " but I was told that.. , but I was told by 
the office (sic) that ... , BUT i was told by joslin,. , but I was told by . " why is leon blaming me for 
.." . I ve have always given you my best advice, If you reflect on your financial life , you have been kept 
safe , had remarkable results and no disasters. I have repeatedly urged you to get rid of the people in 
your office. , you have repeatedly chosen to ignore my advice , you told me last week that 
the emotional reason was in order to be weaned off my group and not have to pay my high fees. 
( though ignoring the benefit of between 1.5 and 2b to the better. ) . and no explosions. 
You have 
email after email ,where i remind you that I am not your bookkeeper or accountant ( in brads corporate 
speak his" finance dept ??!!) that it should be redone 
have reviewed a multitude of the silly reports 
given to you and have pointed out the continued numerous inaccuracies . your question " so what if the 
numbers are off , so what if the categories are off. whats the big deal??. I suggest you de risk you 
finances and make the tough decisions necessary - pay the right amounts ( high) to get the work done 
properly or , you are , Im afraid, certain to get an unhappy answer.. 
tom will be back from vacation. 
this week. 
Forwarded message 
From: Halperin, Alan S
Date: Thu, Apr 28, 2016 at 5:16 PM 
Subject: Valuation Discount 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacationagmail.com>
I am attaching a draft response from Empire Valuation as to why it arrived at a valuation discount on the 
low end. Let's discuss the response and next steps. Thanks. Alan 
Date: Tue, May 10, 2016 at 12:38 AM 
Subject: 
To: Thomas Turrin
EFTA00812222
--- PAGE 40 ---
did you get the agent? 
Date: Wed, May 11, 2016 at 1:50 PM 
Subject: 
To: Brad Wechsler 
>, Melanie Spinella 
grats 3,4, 5, 6, also need accounting documents and backup. year 2014. other info request to follow 
Date: Wed, May 11, 2016 at 2:19 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To:" 
"<1 
A couple of questions: 
1. Jeffrey-you saw the format in which we organized the back-up for year one of grat 1 
(quite thick/alot of back-up). 
Does that format work (for you and internal use) or do you want it simplified/modified. 
Let's discuss. 
2. Since this will take the focus and effort of a lot of people (just to pull and organize 
the various records...both legal and accting, I'd like to tell the staff that we are 
answering an "information request" from the irs on the grats. It will generally be helpful 
for them to know why the work is impt. 
You and leon ok with this? 
Will call you to discuss. 
Date: Thu, May 12, 2016 at 12:17 PM 
Subject: tight schedule lets try a set time to speak 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, you hired me to produce a work of art. it was not inexpensive. the value far exceeds any other 
piece in your collection.- by FAR . It took me 30 years to be able to craft such a work. I understand 
your desire to modifiy my work, in doing so you have brad telling me , just a bit more red., here let me 
show you, you yourself pick up a brush a add some strokes. you have joslin spray water on it to 
maintain it. I vigorously complain that joslin in ruining my work .. you describe me as zeus, i describe 
EFTA00812223
--- PAGE 41 ---
it as artist and a reaction to his work being ruined. however Im aware that you own the work and you 
have the right to paint over it. tear it up , put it in the closet in the basement . its yours. 
I was told that Toms office is sending someone in ,or some people in, to review "some things." brad told 
me ,the partnership accounting. I know absolutely nothing more than that. though bringing in his team 
was my idea . Having them review things without even asking for my input , or let alone my direction ,is 
ridiculous. but.. I guess you wanted to save money. ? 
The audit has brought to the fore the lack of your office quality that i have been violently squawking 
about. ie . children playing with works of art.. It is inconceivable to me that John castrucci is still 
there , joslin part time, but relied on . joe error prone and brad a corporate bandleader talking about the 
office's finance team, accounting dept, and directing wendy to do things that are clearly not in your 
interest. ( saving money again ?) its nuts!! . a still non-existent IT dept. impossible , it was the first 
thing on my list of things that were needed to be done. Still no trading accounts to speak of , though its 
prophylactic quality has been discussed over and over during the past three years . computers do not read 
Page Six . the women at the IRS do. ! you said your motivation in keeping this group of part timers 
was a consequence of the high cost of my artwork. . the unfortunate result was easily predictable. -
now 
If you want my and my atelier to continue, I will oversee the audits. take charge of the TRA BRH 
assignments and review 2012 amendment options!!( note :your redo of the estate fire drill has not 
progressed very far ). Lots of paper needs to be collected and reviewed, At MY direction. the outside 
team will be brought in at my expense working for me and you. coming in for interviews and 
reviews, . sucession, technology, tax and compliance. investment reporting „ computerized timelines for 
filings etc. . household classifcations and reporting with a system of best practices. 
My goal is clear - to end, not extend , our financial interactions. you will have a machine that works , it 
will not be complexto oversee , to create it, is some thing else . Unfortunatley for us both, the price for 
my works has not changed since day one. 40m per year, I m willing to discount it to 35 as I did give 
you a bad number when asked and should pay an embarassment fine. Im also aware, as you made 
perfectly clear . that you have already paid what you consider a great deal of money, for my work , but 
again its value exceeds anything else by far in your collection at a cost less than agreed upon. . please 
also remember that you and i agreed no more demands on my time after the last payment for the big 
transaction. 
OR, you can decide that brad , tom , and whomever else you choose can screw with my work and they 
can oversee your audits . they are both aware and sensitive to the issue at hand. alan could be brought 
in but i would be extra careful having paul weiss given access to entire story. 
_-On an unrelated note- you recently seemed shy to discuss certain things. , please be assured I 
make no judgement on any of your activities , whether or not i agree with them . not my role I am always 
on your side on the table. I hope your personal life quiets. you've had a rough 15 months. 
11:21 PM (13 hours ago) 
EFTA00812224
--- PAGE 42 ---
to me 
Jeffrey, 
I created applications one week ago at NDCAS ( doctor of naturopathic medicine centralized application 
service ) and VMCAS ( veterinary medical college application service ) ,working on my application 
material , requesting evaluations letters and etc. 
On Tuesday I am going to the job interview, working on my resume today . 
P.s.- I hope I will get finally the results from Chinese proficiency exam today /tomorrow. 
On Sat, 7 Apr 2018 at 07:54, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
no concrete progress. for a year. sorry, it cannot go on this way 
Date: Wed, Jun 1, 2016 at 5:41 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
As i said yesterday, pointing out places where i think my friend might be taking unnecesarry risks has 
become tedious and trying. Structures that have been set up 2 years ago. were done so to give you 
protection and flexibility, NOT FOR ME< for YOU 
they required hiring stafff that could manage 
these complex entities. 
you told me over the past two years that as i set them up i should be 
responsible for their operation. That was never the deal , never. I have heard after -care etc for quite a 
while. in dec when you unilatierally decided to pay me much less than our agreed amount , we agreed 
NO MORE money discussions NO MORE after care. The silliness has reached its pinnacle when you 
suggest i am responsible for the lack of sophisticaiton and thoughtfulness of the 1031 transactions that 
NO one even told me about. asked my advice or gave me any notice at all before the fact. same as the 
structure for the CAlif house. 
I would remind you , though Heather is great, it was not she that 
modified the gagosian contract to give you the protection that resulted in your having no liablity, though 
you tell me she has done these things many times. 
3. Remind me to talk to you about MR 
Date: Tue, Nov 15, 2016 at 6:13 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, Congragulations on biting the bullet. at least 18 months late , but I m encouraged and glad for 
you. When you interviewed Brad two years ago you asked that i not tell him what a disaster lay before 
him. what would you like me to tell Barry? 
EFTA00812225
--- PAGE 43 ---
There is a HUGE amount of work to be done in the next 9 -12 months. mostly the exact same work 
that i outlined in my email of 2 years ago. now complicated by years of mess on top. ( you can send it 
again if you like ) . Brad wechsler was never up to the task . sorry, I realize I have been saying the 
very same thing for a long time. he was a not a step up from Eileen but a step sideways. in the 
beginning there was Eileen and Tom and Ralph Lerner. all your hand picks. then brad. john, 
Joe. . joslin was chosen from a pool of 2 people. each that would be limited by a salary of 250k. ( yes i 
personally augmented his comp in order to get him ) I did say hire both Lisa to do the bookkeeping and 
joslin tax, 
He complained for over a year , re his direction by eileen and ada , and then brad. His 
breakdown was not a surprise after months and moths of warnings. Though disabled, he ran your office 
this year. with john and joe. He ran amok, and as i told you he rarely failed to remind me in our 
conversations that you told him that he works for you and not for me and that brad needs to pays him . 
. Asking me who to hire , estate attny tax people etc. : 
I have taken heat for years over the fact that i gave you no more than carlyns name, . no follow up 
questions no interactions , not even one single question asked of me re her work. ( that was Eileen 
but somehow carlyns fuck up was my doing. . 
when i told you that i thought Eileen wasn't up to 
the task, you bellowed that i was talking out of both sides of my mouth. . You told me this year , that 
by trying to protect you from crazy joslin, I had in essence fired him and it was my responsibility to do 
his work. it then turns out that he didn't consider himself fired at all he just received less money. 
and 
continued to make a really dangerous mess.. Joshn castrucci, in your eyes , was also my doing , 
though email after email said , I take no responsibility for him,and iYOU SHOULD NOT HIRE HIM 
.!!! „ your response was that was my opinion was only because i didn't trust him. then to add insult to 
injury last jan you told me he was gone. however he too is still there, and a waste of money and space. 
My time is complicated by Donald's potentially eviscerating any reason for anyone to 
use the foreign funds repatriation plan that i had put together. . however as you are aware I have some 
decisions to make re my time allocation in the next year or two. so at least for a few weeks I am unable 
to commit much time and make any future plans to guide you in the redoing of your procrastination 
produced mess. 
That being said , 
the tasks at hand are the following. 
You have a bomb of colored string that your retarded children have formed , It has to be very carefully 
unwound , even the substitution of Barry for your next trustee, needs a careful focus on procedure.s It 
would be much preferable if Wechsler was not his replacement. do you have any person you trust ??! . I 
am concerned re brad taking barrys place re XXXX. In the beginning Barry will need to find and learn 
ACCURATE . org charts. books , balance sheets . trust valuations. are all a part. Barry will need 2 
months to just get his arm around what is there , this is before any needed modifications., 
a way overdue re- fresh of your estate plan . 
clats , trust. partnerships. grats. Ilcs. bank accounts , 
filing requirements. etc. the long awaited review of the brh tra and shareholders agreement to see how 
they fit into new plan. . " XXXXX" planning. art partnership engagement .. , airplane re-do. , buying 
another. . ? boat sale , Miami sale. . TRADING ACCOUNTS. . three years over due. . an 
accounting system. fire john 
joslin stays for a year. or so. so does tom and . except for 
heather everyone should be replaced with new. . Sell Artspace and shut down regan arts. . 
EFTA00812226
--- PAGE 44 ---
rationalize. cash flow reporting. cash mgmt. stock sales. sec irs. gaming. foreign reporting. the 
8865 mess will take months to review now . . you CANNOT file unreviewed audited documents. . 
CANNOT!!! this will be very detailed work. . a self inflicted wound - all avoidable if professionals 
had been in place to limit . or contain it. . . you will need 3 new hires .a s there is no one in your office 
that is truly an A player. I have great hope in Barry as you know. He will need to be trained. note 
; One year is my guesstimate After 4 years of telling you , that you could do better than Halperin, : im 
glad that you now are willing to follow barrys advice . I take no offense , in fact I take comfort in the 
fact that after only one conversation with Barry you are now convinced to make that change . will take a 
year or more. 
I expect as a friend you will understand that 
I will no longer , not even for one day , work on your affairs . without the compensation that is long 
overdue.. your unilateral idea of after care , not imposed on any other professional , except me, not 
paul weiss ,( caesars alone , a direct screw up on their part ) tom, akin, no one. needs to end. . you and 
I had previously agreed no more of that , and this after you decided not to pay me per our agreement. to 
be fair I can not say im surprised as you have email after email , stating that , if you save a great deal 
of money, you wont want to pay , so limit it to 40m per year. - water under the bridge 
If I can find the time to work , on your project , which is not by any means certain as I have said , I 
hope you understand that it now will have to be under my standard terms and conditions. and well 
documented so as to avoid any more of the he said she said. I never want to have any more 
uncomfortable money moments with you , I find it very distasteful. . so to be clear , my terms are as 
follows . I will only work for the usual 40 million per year. It needs to be paid, 25 million upon 
signing an agreement . 5 million every 2 months thereafter for 6 months ie march may june . this can 
begin if i am able in January. I will immediately stop work , if the payment is not received. If you want 
me to work this year until Jan 15 , it will be 10 million. paid upfront. after one year you will be left 
with a new estate plan a running office. staffed with professionals overseen by Barry. ( hallelujah ) a 
tax plan . and an investment that returns more than any painting you could possible own. 
. no 
agreement - no work. however - I of course will talk to Barry for the hour that i promised , and take 
your guidance as to what I should say. 
11:45 PM (13 hours ago) 
to me 
T 
im in paris now 
Date: Sun, May I, 2016 at 6:51 PM 
EFTA00812227
--- PAGE 45 ---
Subject: Fwd: Valuation Discount 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon please read the attached proposed response to the IRS , see if you can understand it !!!. lye asked 
for a re-do. and given prelimiary directions to Alan to have it edited over the weekend 
. If you are quarterbacking ,ok with me. just please let everyone know. you must deal with the 
outrageous incompetence in your family office .. Alans words " but I was told that.. , but I was told by 
the office (sic) that ... , BUT i was told by joslin,. , but I was told by . " why is leon blaming me for 
.." . I ve have always given you my best advice, If you reflect on your financial life , you have been kept 
safe , had remarkable results and no disasters. I have repeatedly urged you to get rid of the people in 
your office. , you have repeatedly chosen to ignore my advice , you told me last week that 
the emotional reason was in order to be weaned off my group and not have to pay my high fees. 
( though ignoring the benefit of between 1.5 and 2b to the better. ) . and no explosions. 
You have 
email after email ,where i remind you that I am not your bookkeeper or accountant ( in brads corporate 
speak his" finance dept ??!!) that it should be redone .1 have reviewed a multitude of the silly reports 
given to you and have pointed out the continued numerous inaccuracies . your question " so what if the 
numbers are off , so what if the categories are off. whats the big deal??. I suggest you de risk you 
finances and make the tough decisions necessary - pay the right amounts ( high) to get the work done 
properly or , you are , Im afraid, certain to get an unhappy answer.. 
tom will be back from vacation. 
this week. 
Date: Thu, Apr 28, 2016 at 5:16 PM 
Subject: Valuation Discount 
To: "jeffrey E." leevacationasmail.com>
I am attaching a draft response from Empire Valuation as to why it arrived at a valuation discount on the 
low end. Let's discuss the response and next steps. Thanks. Alan 
Alan S. Halperin I Partner 
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
1285 Avenue of the Americas I New York. NY 10019-6064 
(10 hours ago) 
to me 
EFTA00812228
--- PAGE 46 ---
Jeffrey 
Pete informs the GIV is completed,. 
Thx, 
Larry 
Date: Tue, Nov 15, 2016 at 6:13 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, Congragulations on biting the bullet. at least 18 months late , but I m encouraged and glad for 
you. When you interviewed Brad two years ago you asked that i not tell him what a disaster lay before 
him. what would you like me to tell Barry? 
There is a HUGE amount of work to be done in the next 9 -12 months. mostly the exact same work 
that i outlined in my email of 2 years ago. now complicated by years of mess on top. ( you can send it 
again if you like ) . Brad wechsler was never up to the task . sorry, I realize I have been saying the 
very same thing for a long time. he was a not a step up from Eileen but a step sideways. in the 
beginning there was Eileen and Tom and Ralph Lerner. all your hand picks. then brad. john, 
Joe. . joslin was chosen from a pool of 2 people. each that would be limited by a salary of 250k. ( yes i 
personally augmented his comp in order to get him ) I did say hire both Lisa to do the bookkeeping and 
joslin tax, 
He complained for over a year , re his direction by eileen and ada , and then brad. His 
breakdown was not a surprise after months and moths of warnings. Though disabled, he ran your office 
this year. with john and joe. He ran amok, and as i told you he rarely failed to remind me in our 
conversations that you told him that he works for you and not for me and that brad needs to pays him . 
. Asking me who to hire , estate attny tax people etc. : 
I have taken heat for years over the fact that i gave you no more than carlyns name, . no follow up 
questions no interactions , not even one single question asked of me re her work. ( that was Eileen 
but somehow carlyns fuck up was my doing. . 
when i told you that i thought Eileen wasn't up to 
the task, you bellowed that i was talking out of both sides of my mouth. . You told me this year , that 
by trying to protect you from crazy joslin, I had in essence fired him and it was my responsibility to do 
his work. it then turns out that he didn't consider himself fired at all he just received less money. 
and 
continued to make a really dangerous mess.. Joshn castrucci, in your eyes , was also my doing , 
though email after email said , I take no responsibility for him,and iYOU SHOULD NOT HIRE HIM 
.!!! „ your response was that was my opinion was only because i didn't trust him. then to add insult to 
injury last jan you told me he was gone. however he too is still there, and a waste of money and space. 
My time is complicated by Donald's potentially eviscerating any reason for anyone to 
use the foreign funds repatriation plan that i had put together. . however as you are aware I have some 
EFTA00812229
--- PAGE 47 ---
decisions to make re my time allocation in the next year or two. so at least for a few weeks I am unable 
to commit much time and make any future plans to guide you in the redoing of your procrastination 
produced mess. 
That being said , 
the tasks at hand are the following. 
You have a bomb of colored string that your retarded children have formed , It has to be very carefully 
unwound , even the substitution of Barry for your next trustee, needs a careful focus on procedures It 
would be much preferable if Wechsler was not his replacement. do you have any person you trust ??! . I 
am concerned re brad taking barrys place re XXXX. In the beginning Barry will need to find and learn 
ACCURATE . org charts. books , balance sheets . trust valuations. are all a part. Barry will need 2 
months to just get his arm around what is there , this is before any needed modifications., 
a way overdue re- fresh of your estate plan . 
clats , trust. partnerships. grats. tics. bank accounts , 
filing requirements. etc. the long awaited review of the brh tra and shareholders agreement to see how 
they fit into new plan. . " XXXXX" planning. art partnership engagement .. , airplane re-do. , buying 
another. . ? boat sale , Miami sale. . TRADING ACCOUNTS. . three years over due. . an 
accounting system. fire john 
joslin stays for a year. or so. so does tom and . except for 
heather everyone should be replaced with new. . Sell Artspace and shut down regan arts. . 
rationalize. cash flow reporting. cash mgmt. stock sales. sec irs. gaming. foreign reporting. the 
8865 mess will take months to review now . . you CANNOT file unreviewed audited documents. . 
CANNOT!!! this will be very detailed work. . a self inflicted wound - all avoidable if professionals 
had been in place to limit . or contain it. . . you will need 3 new hires .a s there is no one in your office 
that is truly an A player. I have great hope in Barry as you know. He will need to be trained. note 
; One year is my guesstimate After 4 years of telling you , that you could do better than Halperin, : im 
glad that you now are willing to follow barrys advice . I take no offense , in fact I take comfort in the 
fact that after only one conversation with Barry you are now convinced to make that change . will take a 
year or more. 
I expect as a friend you will understand that 
I will no longer , not even for one day , work on your affairs . without the compensation that is long 
overdue. . your unilateral idea of after care , not imposed on any other professional , except me, not 
paul weiss ,( caesars alone , a direct screw up on their part ) tom, akin, no one. needs to end. . you and 
I had previously agreed no more of that , and this after you decided not to pay me per our agreement. to 
be fair I can not say im surprised as you have email after email , stating that , if you save a great deal 
of money, you wont want to pay , so limit it to 40m per year. - water under the bridge 
If I can find the time to work , on your project , which is not by any means certain as I have said , I 
hope you understand that it now will have to be under my standard terms and conditions. and well 
documented so as to avoid any more of the he said she said. I never want to have any more 
uncomfortable money moments with you , I find it very distasteful. . so to be clear , my terms are as 
follows . I will only work for the usual 40 million per year. It needs to be paid, 25 million upon 
signing an agreement . 5 million every 2 months thereafter for 6 months ie march may june . this can 
begin if i am able in January. I will immediately stop work , if the payment is not received. If you want 
EFTA00812230
--- PAGE 48 ---
me to work this year until Jan 15 , it will be 10 million. paid upfront. after one year you will be left 
with a new estate plan a running office. staffed with professionals overseen by Barry. ( hallelujah ) a 
tax plan . and an investment that returns more than any painting you could possible own. 
. no 
agreement - no work. however - I of course will talk to Barry for the hour that i promised , and take 
your guidance as to what I should say. 
lOn Apr 6, 2018, at 11:15 AM, Jeskewitz, Jeannine <I 
I> wrote: 
in touch with 
and 
we will work together on these reservations. 
All my best, 
Jeannine 
On Tue, Apr 3, 2018 at 5:43 PM, Lisa Emelia Svensson < 
 wrote: 
Air France has a strejk ... so French 
Trying to rebook later in the week Will let you know 
apr. 2018 kl. 16:29 skrev jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com>:
im in paris now 
Date: Tue, Nov 15, 2016 at 6:13 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Melanie Spinella  
Leon, Congragulations on biting the bullet. at least 18 months late , but I m encouraged and glad for 
you. When you interviewed Brad two years ago you asked that i not tell him what a disaster lay before 
him. what would you like me to tell Barry? 
There is a HUGE amount of work to be done in the next 9 -12 months. mostly the exact same work 
that i outlined in my email of 2 years ago. now complicated by years of mess on top. ( you can send it 
again if you like ) . Brad wechsler was never up to the task . sorry, I realize I have been saying the 
very same thing for a long time. he was a not a step up from Eileen but a step sideways. in the 
beginning there was Eileen and Tom and Ralph Lerner. all your hand picks. then brad. john, 
Joe. . joslin was chosen from a pool of 2 people. each that would be limited by a salary of 250k. ( yes i 
personally augmented his comp in order to get him ) I did say hire both Lisa to do the bookkeeping and 
EFTA00812231
--- PAGE 49 ---
joslin tax, 
He complained for over a year , re his direction by eileen and ada , and then brad. His 
breakdown was not a surprise after months and moths of warnings. Though disabled, he ran your office 
this year. with john and joe. He ran amok, and as i told you he rarely failed to remind me in our 
conversations that you told him that he works for you and not for me and that brad needs to pays him . 
. Asking me who to hire , estate attny tax people etc. : 
I have taken heat for years over the fact that i gave you no more than carlyns name, . no follow up 
questions no interactions , not even one single question asked of me re her work. ( that was Eileen 
but somehow carlyns fuck up was my doing. . 
when i told you that i thought Eileen wasn't up to 
the task, you bellowed that i was talking out of both sides of my mouth. . You told me this year , that 
by trying to protect you from crazy joslin, I had in essence fired him and it was my responsibility to do 
his work. it then turns out that he didn't consider himself fired at all he just received less money. 
and 
continued to make a really dangerous mess.. Joshn castrucci, in your eyes , was also my doing , 
though email after email said , I take no responsibility for him,and iYOU SHOULD NOT HIRE HIM 
.!!! „ your response was that was my opinion was only because i didn't trust him. then to add insult to 
injury last jan you told me he was gone. however he too is still there, and a waste of money and space. 
My time is complicated by Donald's potentially eviscerating any reason for anyone to 
use the foreign funds repatriation plan that i had put together. . however as you are aware I have some 
decisions to make re my time allocation in the next year or two. so at least for a few weeks I am unable 
to commit much time and make any future plans to guide you in the redoing of your procrastination 
produced mess. 
That being said , 
the tasks at hand are the following. 
You have a bomb of colored string that your retarded children have formed , It has to be very carefully 
unwound , even the substitution of Barry for your next trustee, needs a careful focus on procedures It 
would be much preferable if Wechsler was not his replacement. do you have any person you trust ??! . I 
am concerned re brad taking barrys place re XXXX. In the beginning Barry will need to find and learn 
ACCURATE . org charts. books , balance sheets . trust valuations. are all a part. Barry will need 2 
months to just get his arm around what is there , this is before any needed modifications., 
a way overdue re- fresh of your estate plan . 
clats , trust. partnerships. grats. fics. bank accounts , 
filing requirements. etc. the long awaited review of the brh tra and shareholders agreement to see how 
they fit into new plan. . " XXX.XX" planning. art partnership engagement .. , airplane re-do. , buying 
another. . ? boat sale , Miami sale. . TRADING ACCOUNTS. . three years over due. . an 
accounting system. fire john 
joslin stays for a year. or so. so does tom and . except for 
heather everyone should be replaced with new. . Sell Artspace and shut down regan arts. . 
rationalize. cash flow reporting. cash mgmt. stock sales. sec irs. gaming. foreign reporting. the 
8865 mess will take months to review now . . you CANNOT file unreviewed audited documents. . 
CANNOT!!! this will be very detailed work. . a self inflicted wound - all avoidable if professionals 
had been in place to limit . or contain it. . . you will need 3 new hires .a s there is no one in your office 
that is truly an A player. I have great hope in Barry as you know. He will need to be trained. note 
EFTA00812232
--- PAGE 50 ---
; One year is my guesstimate After 4 years of telling you , that you could do better than Halperin, : im 
glad that you now are willing to follow barrys advice . I take no offense , in fact I take comfort in the 
fact that after only one conversation with Barry you are now convinced to make that change . will take a 
year or more. 
I expect as a friend you will understand that 
I will no longer , not even for one day , work on your affairs . without the compensation that is long 
overdue.. your unilateral idea of after care , not imposed on any other professional , except me, not 
paul weiss ,( caesars alone , a direct screw up on their part ) torn, akin, no one. needs to end. . you and 
I had previously agreed no more of that , and this after you decided not to pay me per our agreement. to 
be fair I can not say im surprised as you have email after email , stating that , if you save a great deal 
of money, you wont want to pay , so limit it to 40m per year. - water under the bridge 
If I can find the time to work , on your project , which is not by any means certain as I have said , I 
hope you understand that it now will have to be under my standard terms and conditions. and well 
documented so as to avoid any more of the he said she said. I never want to have any more 
uncomfortable money moments with you , I find it very distasteful. . so to be clear , my terms are as 
follows . I will only work for the usual 40 million per year. It needs to be paid, 25 million upon 
signing an agreement . 5 million every 2 months thereafter for 6 months ie march may june . this can 
begin if i am able in January. I will immediately stop work , if the payment is not received. If you want 
me to work this year until Jan 15 , it will be 10 million. paid upfront. after one year you will be left 
with a new estate plan a running office. staffed with professionals overseen by Barry. ( hallelujah ) a 
tax plan . and an investment that returns more than any painting you could possible own. 
. no 
agreement - no work. however - I of course will talk to Barry for the hour that i promised , and take 
your guidance as to what I should say. 
Date: Mon, Aug 29, 2016 at 1:41 PM 
Subject: I know you have a lot on your mind.but.. 
To: Melanie Spinella 
sent to you JAN 29th 2016 
you've agreed that 
Your office is a multi billion dollar responsibility. your children will inherit it , in order to oversee their 
financial lives- I feel for you, truly ,but the facts are the facts, your ceo ( Brad) has provided one bad 
document after another for over a year , no getting away from it„ bad cash flows no new IT, each 
time with " its gettting better " no in fact -! its not. - the excuse, that Brad is not the numbers guy, is 
ludicrous. of course he didnt actually prepare the statements. - no ceo would ,- but over and over he 
presented them to you and me , after , holding them back for his personal review multiple times and 
after multiple drafts. weeks of his editing, the consistant but "inexplicable "missing the 
EFTA00812233
--- PAGE 51 ---
obvious serious errors . ( gaming ) inaccuracies, ( cashflow ) and mistakes (tax returns). why, ?! the 
simple answer is that at best, he is a c minus, (note. I, like you ,also give points for effort. )- ! an 
elegant art partnership gone fallow. ??!!I and its core reason to exist. not used ? no docs for plane?, 
still ! why? no docs for decantings why? the docs for deal 1 received last night , " no docs at all for 
deal 2, the biggest " . why wasn't Tom brought in , after 4 times of my incessant reminders your 
admonition etc. the trading accounts ? 
Barry Cohen is great. more like him please . 
you asked , - I did my best trying to train your brad chosen people in the face of my telling you that they 
were never going to be more than c-minuses, thousands of emails thousands ? 
Brad at its head . you 
can't as a ceo, have an accountant give you multiple pages with the most important numbers missing 
altogether and not notice, you and I saw the errrors right away ,as did my very junior bookeeper after 
only a cursory glance. He told me he didnt know the details of his note? ! , my guess is that he wanted to 
pay less. no more than that, any other story is blather. its silly. Talk to richard yourself. 
re your estate. Yes another Brad issue - your will, needs revision. the tenants in common structure I 
assume Alan has carefully walked you through. it is way overdue, needed and exciting. 
I won't list the 
more serious issues in an email but we can speak over the weekend. 
How can I help? We agreed at the time when you hired Castrucci , that when you fired him, I would 
bear no responsibility 
Date: Thu, May 12, 2016 at 6:17 AM 
Subject: tight schedule lets try a set time to speak 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, you hired me to produce a work of art. it was not inexpensive. the value far exceeds any other 
piece in your collection.- by FAR . It took me 30 years to be able to craft such a work. I understand 
your desire to modifiy my work, in doing so you have brad telling me , just a bit more red., here let me 
show you, you yourself pick up a brush a add some strokes. you have joslin spray water on it to 
maintain it. I vigorously complain that joslin in ruining my work .. you describe me as zeus, i describe 
it as artist and a reaction to his work being ruined. however Im aware that you own the work and you 
have the right to paint over it. tear it up , put it in the closet in the basement . its yours. 
I was told that Toms office is sending someone in ,or some people in, to review "some things." brad told 
me ,the partnership accounting. I know absolutely nothing more than that. though bringing in his team 
was my idea . Having them review things without even asking for my input , or let alone my direction ,is 
ridiculous. but.. I guess you wanted to save money. ? 
The audit has brought to the fore the lack of your office quality that i have been violently squawking 
about. ie . children playing with works of art.. It is inconceivable to me that John castrucci is still 
there , joslin part time, but relied on . joe error prone and brad a corporate bandleader talking about the 
office's finance team, accounting dept, and directing wendy to do things that are clearly not in your 
EFTA00812234
--- PAGE 52 ---
interest. ( saving money again ?) its nuts!! . a still non-existent IT dept. impossible , it was the first 
thing on my list of things that were needed to be done. Still no trading accounts to speak of , though its 
prophylactic quality has been discussed over and over during the past three years . computers do not read 
Page Six . the women at the IRS do. ! you said your motivation in keeping this group of part timers 
was a consequence of the high cost of my artwork. . the unfortunate result was easily predictable. -
now 
If you want my and my atelier to continue, I will oversee the audits. take charge of the TRA BRH 
assignments and review 2012 amendment options!!( note :your redo of the estate fire drill has not 
progressed very far ). Lots of paper needs to be collected and reviewed, At MY direction. the outside 
team will be brought in at my expense working for me and you. coming in for interviews and 
reviews, . sucession, technology, tax and compliance. investment reporting „ computerized timelines for 
filings etc. . household classifcations and reporting with a system of best practices. 
My goal is clear - to end, not extend , our financial interactions. you will have a machine that works , it 
will not be complexto oversee , to create it, is some thing else . Unfortunatley for us both, the price for 
my works has not changed since day one. 40m per year, I m willing to discount it to 35 as I did give 
you a bad number when asked and should pay an embarassment fine. Im also aware, as you made 
perfectly clear . that you have already paid what you consider a great deal of money, for my work , but 
again its value exceeds anything else by far in your collection at a cost less than agreed upon. . please 
also remember that you and i agreed no more demands on my time after the last payment for the big 
transaction. 
OR, you can decide that brad , tom , and whomever else you choose can screw with my work and they 
can oversee your audits . they are both aware and sensitive to the issue at hand. alan could be brought 
in but i would be extra careful having paul weiss given access to entire story. 
-On an unrelated note- you recently seemed shy to discuss certain things. , please be assured I 
make no judgement on any of your activities , whether or not i agree with them . not my role I am always 
on your side on the table. I hope your personal life quiets. you've had a rough 15 months. 
3. Remind me to talk to you about MR 
Date: Mon, Sep 19, 2016 at 8:56 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
dec 2015 
IT, still desperately needed- reporting flawed cumbersome and inaccurate . all done by hand as one -off 
exercises , - airplane: re structure, (my only suggested priority in June ) is really ,no further ahead, 
,consultants up the kazoo but nothing at all done.( the office was told that i cannot even see the proposals 
received without brads specific authorization ) - brad has no idea even as to what questions to ask. he 
knows little of finance, is run roughshod over by almost everyone in the office. he is a little man , using 
EFTA00812235
--- PAGE 53 ---
your power, to appear larger . Eileen was self aware enough to know she was over her head , that is a 
huge difference. bad info is rampant ie 3 million in deductions Im told are taken for art space but on 
closer examination it turns out they cannot be used at all. ( ZERO benefit ) though you will be told yes 
they were deducted on the return they said that is the question they get asked ! " were they deducted " 
not -" is there a benefit " !! 
I asked for the balance sheet and P and L for Regan arts , a basic first step 
in order to check your financials. "sorry we never got one?" though 9.8 million invested, no 
M, nothing , a construction project run amok , no budget, the coo fired after only 3 months. , no clue 
. I can add that artspace financials are also a total mess. 
As your friend and in order totum the page. I will try to be constructive 
The following is a list of things I think would be in your interest to get done asap .but definitely not by 
me. 
i suggest you form new grats. , hire a high level tax partner. use your trading accounts as they 
remain the paramount requirement 16 months after i emailed to you their importance. , I suggest you 
consider having the 49percent of phaidon merged into artspance and have Richard buy artspace. re-
do bank loans. no need to pay interest at higher rates on boat or plane.. as Richard is now no longer 
trustee. re- do will, make suydam executor , with Barry, and john as back up. pay 1 million a year for 
executor role. get rid of Judy Black trust, deal with gifts and their tax returns, . review amounts to kids at 
fixed ages. put more protections in for Alex and Victoria. , distribute some money to kids let them 
make decisions. , decide art division with children in attendance . have fire drill done on estate. fill out 
estate returns as if you and Debra died today, choose advisers - rick bronstein said the only 1040 he ever 
filled out was his own. ( this is brads chosen advisor??!) Halperin has a conflict that should be 
addressed., Debra should enter a tenants in common agreement with kids. you have airplane 
consultants tax consultants it consultants. plane operation consultant.. boat consultants. architects, 
lighting , art, legal, . foundation , deal with TRA , BRH , rationalize investments. cash flow. reporting, 
gaming disclosures. foreign, gift. . prepare tax projections for 15 and 16, . deal with neg basis ( tufts gain, 
debt financed. art partnership, pledges. sell stock , art, deal with phaidon debt. athene,? income , capital 
, foreign , exit, corporate, insurance regs, out and inbound issues, basis, appropriate discount rates. 
? terminations. control. , qualified dividends. corporate tolls, inversion rules. , grat issues, short swing 
and other sec disclosures, Rothshcild bank, 150 b they have a distribution network with no products , 
private bank Rockefeller Rothschild. financial service. deal with UK visa issue sooner rather than 
later. we can talk about Rowen request re Athene , 2 billion in taxes on transaction. ?! 
the facts as i see them 
in June and then again Sept, we both agreed to a 50% of phaidon payout., then after weeks of thinking 
about the issue ( which I fully understand ) . the payout was unilaterally changed . 5m woudl be reserved 
for the future ? . and out of the remaining 15m ,? i would receive only 5. ( note : I'm confident that 
both the debt , and the artspace investment will also lead to a write off of another 30 m. plus ) In my 
dining room ,you were surprised when I said that i require most people to pay their advisory fee up 
front so that I am assured that I will be properly compensated for my work when strategies that I devise 
are implemented . you may recall that you appeared offended and said " are you suggesting that i 
EFTA00812236
--- PAGE 54 ---
would go back on my word " I said no , of course not ! you are my closest of friends ,but my experience 
is that when amounts get large, people tend to get unhappy when it actually comes time for them to pay ,. 
From day zero a 50 - 60 million price was attached as the fair price of the transaction just completed . 
though this amount was already substantially less thanour agreed and negotiated formula. - I was 
never told that this was out of range. in fact, alternative methods of payment . plane -in-kind etc, were 
discussed ( ie keeping the 30m portion of fee outstanding till March ) ,I provided as requested a 
detailed step by step execution plan and reviewed all documents that i was given access to. ( Phaidon 
was not forthcoming ) in order to make my many corrections . I was then told that Alans 
involvement warranted a discount . Even in the best of light , though it is beyond question that not 
one-,not -one time in three years has he ever proposed a unique idea. (including the new tenant in 
common idea,) and lets say he made a contribution to the plan andeven that it was 50 %. though no one 
could posit such a large amount unless they were wearing a brightly colored clown suit. , the price of 
doing the deal was known . It had both sent in writing and spoken about on the phone numerous times 
, a detailed execution plan was provided . then and only then after all was laid out for the group I was 
told that after a number of conversations with brad karp that only 20m would be paid , (and even that 
was more than originally contemplated ) for both transactions . I feel It was remarkably unfair. Did 
brad even know of our prior agreement.? I called him and he said he was never told.?, I would ask that 
you I and Brad karp sit together if you think it would be helpful. . I would like to send him this email, 
with your consent of course. If the transactions were never consummated , i would not be owed a dime, 
however , the price was known up front. , the detailed step by step plan was followed and overseen by 
me, the price that had been requested before the transaction was begun, and had heady heavily 
discounted, out of friendship, from our agreement . I believe the decision re paying only 20 
m has frankly left me felling quite uneasy. 
since you asked since last nov. 
i found 11 million dollars in dormant accounts. 4 million dollars in 
eileens drawer.. went through cash flows for phaidon shwoing that john murphy is not an 
accountant. redid your gagosian contract , . organized structure in case of divorce. set up gift trust. 
stopped ada from including multiple times things not in your interest. dealt with bad sales tax use tax 
income tax . created 8 millino in deductions ,500k in mistakes , found bank of scotland fbar problems, . 
. reorg bad art purchases , funds taken, charibale decustions , helped with fincnacil sttment gamoing 
commions fling.. boat deductions, rescued stock from grats.. may 1 after months of brad not finding 
anyone i sent an email saying you would have to pay more.. on april 15. I sent an email detailing 
payments owed if i could figure out the basis issue, please see attached, . 
questions you might ask your team ask them to provide a balance sheet or p&I for REgan 
arts. . doesnt exist 
ask . either wechsler or haperin to tell you what brh is, or how the tra works. .. ? as bronstein to tell you 
why the proposed phaidon transaction DOES not work. . as them to give you a plan for the plane. ? ask 
them to show you the cash mgmt for over 100 million dollars. . ask them to show you the IT system 
progress after one year. . the approval process for payables. . the cash flow projections? 
assumptions? ask for a comparative review of investments. ask haperin to describle to you in any detail 
EFTA00812237
--- PAGE 55 ---
BRH , the major asset of his two biggest clients. tax basis, disposiotion in the estate. . etc. ask brad to 
show you the liquidation of the inteveing art space cos? . 
Last year you asked , for my help I told you I preferred not as we would be better off having no 
financial intereactions. the risk was not worth it. You told me that as my friend i had to do it I 
agreed., here we are in what I find to be an awkward situation. the transactions that i decvised were 
used , our agreement was ignored. and im not sure how to respond. 
Date: Thu, Sep 29, 2016 at 11:47 AM 
Subject: new info 
To: Brad S Karp <I 
Melanie Spinella 
brad, leon. 
After I spoke to you both, I excused myself from a dinner with some heads of state to walk into the 
bathroom to make some calls re 8865. 
I wondered whether any group that we could assert had control 
had filed in the past years. I called Fenn and he told me- yes.???!! he said that on friday , for the first 
time he learned that AGM was not delinquent at all. and had filed. !! I asked why no one had ever told 
me or given me the purported justification for no filings in the past for the founders. and he said Well, 
sorry , it was discussed on fridays call. ? the call i was not on . not invited to ,the call wechsler didnt 
listen in and joslin didnt transmit , if it is true. Im also now told there is a note from Deloitte re 13 and 
that says the founders DO NOT have to file. but fenn could not tell me who wrote it and said 
Deloitte says to ignore it. , that s why they are pushing now. 
steps 1 8865 has many exemptions for filing. let see if we can find one . ( an elegant position might 
be josh and agm if he is panicked and leave us out ). The requirments are FACT specific , so without the 
facts we still have nothing. fenn said he has now put someone on it 
leon , I suggest need to focus on 1040 , 2015. , we may even consider filing the minimum 
8865 , and wait until we are sure of our specific requirements, and file an amendment for 15 as well as 
past. no harm no foul\ 
Date: Thu, Sep 29, 2016 at 12:34 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, I am on the verge of giving up. sorry. 
I cannot deal with the major incompetence of your 
family office. I have been vocal about change. you have made none. john castrucci, still involved 
etc. the bullshit corporate speak, of -our accounting dept , our bookeeping dept our finance dept, the 
comptroller . now gives me responses that --we have heard from Deloitte , I ask, who at Deloite?. 
EFTA00812238
--- PAGE 56 ---
dont know , the new team at Deloite says the old team was wrong ! what new team? what old team? --
dont know. . Pwc agrees who at PWC , ? ? I ask ,- dont know. BDO is almost finished - who, 
? dont know; . akin gump agrees. . Fenn? - not sure. 
I have spoken to each of karp , pezner, fenn, brad. joslin, bodian. multiple times . 
like your office 
no one in charge with knowledge. so rudderless hysteria . silly beyond belief as this issue is a non 
event. other issues have been shunted aside that have real consequences. 
I know you are jet lagged. I 
am schedule tightly today , but can free myself for 15 minutes if you want . if so have melanie talk to 
lesley 
Date: Monday, 3 October 2016 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacation@gmail.com>
alan told me you are going to meet tomorrow morning . He has asked me to review the presentation. I 
suggest you see for yourself . since you argued that he was partial architect of the big transaction. you 
will see. -- bad numbers. unclear assumptions. opaque presentation. no alternatives. no review of 
agreements. standardized schedules without names , handed out to the dentists.. NOT even up to date 
inputed numbers , why in the world would they present numbers 4 months old. ??!!/ it is only 
imputs. dividend assupmtions. a mix of silliness. ( art given to museums is listed as cash out 
). discount rates of 13.05 %. what type of number. . 100k for illness expense and funeral, in a spread 
sheet of 5 billion dollars.? insurance numbers left out. says debra owns half the boat? taxes? all a 
waste of time 
A clat probabaly makes sense. however who runs it, if interest rates change. did you give them the 
assunptions on growth? 
Date: Sun, May I, 2016 at 6:51 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Valuation Discount 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon please read the attached proposed response to the IRS , see if you can understand it !!!. lye asked 
for a re-do. and given prelimiary directions to Alan to have it edited over the weekend 
. If you are quarterbacking ,ok with me. just please let everyone know. you must deal with the 
outrageous incompetence in your family office .. Alans words " but I was told that.. , but I was told by 
the office (sic) that ... , BUT i was told by joslin,. , but I was told by . " why is leon blaming me for 
.." . I ye have always given you my best advice, If you reflect on your financial life , you have been kept 
safe , had remarkable results and no disasters. I have repeatedly urged you to get rid of the people in 
your office. , you have repeatedly chosen to ignore my advice , you told me last week that 
the emotional reason was in order to be weaned off my group and not have to pay my high fees. 
( though ignoring the benefit of between 1.5 and 2b to the better. ) . and no explosions. 
You have 
EFTA00812239
--- PAGE 57 ---
email after email ,where i remind you that I am not your bookkeeper or accountant ( in brads corporate 
speak his" finance dept ??!!) that it should be redone .I have reviewed a multitude of the silly reports 
given to you and have pointed out the continued numerous inaccuracies . your question " so what if the 
numbers are off , so what if the categories are off. whats the big deal??. I suggest you de risk you 
finances and make the tough decisions necessary - pay the right amounts ( high) to get the work done 
properly or , you are , Im afraid, certain to get an unhappy answer.. 
tom will be back from vacation. 
this week. 
Date: Thu, Apr 28, 2016 at 5:16 PM 
Subject: Valuation Discount 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
I am attaching a draft response from Empire Valuation as to why it arrived at a valuation discount on the 
low end. Let's discuss the response and next steps. Thanks. Alan 
Date: Wed, Nov 9, 2016 at 10:27 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
sorry, I can call on thurs or sit face to face fri afternoon. 
I will be in ny until monday 
morning. decisions- questions good news . I have a really elegant solution for most of the 
following, 1 gift tax. cash or in kind . 2 . 1031. 3 fire drill brh tra etc. 4 . xxxx 5. 8865 s. 
tax planing running out of time. . 7 restructure office . barry? 
brad told me he thought you had 
acknowledged high value this year. gift tax audit etc. , . April, Oct. . returns. 
manage joslin , who is 
still running your tax dept . 
you and I need not rehash old postures, its tedious - I would ask that you tell me if you intend to pay 
for the work that was done, and for the work you expect to be done, . thanks 
Date: Tue, Nov 15, 2016 at 12:13 PM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Melanie Spinella
Leon, Congragulations on biting the bullet. at least 18 months late , but I m encouraged and glad for 
you. When you interviewed Brad two years ago you asked that i not tell him what a disaster lay before 
him. what would you like me to tell Barry? 
There is a HUGE amount of work to be done in the next 9 -12 months. mostly the exact same work 
that i outlined in my email of 2 years ago. now complicated by years of mess on top. ( you can send it 
again if you like ) . Brad wechsler was never up to the task . sorry, I realize I have been saying the 
very same thing for a long time. he was a not a step up from Eileen but a step sideways. in the 
EFTA00812240
--- PAGE 58 ---
beginning there was Eileen and Tom and Ralph Lerner. all your hand picks. then brad. john, 
Joe. . joslin was chosen from a pool of 2 people. each that would be limited by a salary of 250k. ( yes i 
personally augmented his comp in order to get him ) I did say hire both Lisa to do the bookkeeping and 
joslin tax, 
He complained for over a year , re his direction by eileen and ada , and then brad. His 
breakdown was not a surprise after months and moths of warnings. Though disabled, he ran your office 
this year. with john and joe. He ran amok, and as i told you he rarely failed to remind me in our 
conversations that you told him that he works for you and not for me and that brad needs to pays him . 
. Asking me who to hire , estate attny tax people etc. : 
I have taken heat for years over the fact that i gave you no more than carlyns name, . no follow up 
questions no interactions , not even one single question asked of me re her work. ( that was Eileen 
but somehow carlyns fuck up was my doing. . 
when i told you that i thought Eileen wasn't up to 
the task, you bellowed that i was talking out of both sides of my mouth. . You told me this year , that 
by trying to protect you from crazy joslin, I had in essence fired him and it was my responsibility to do 
his work. it then turns out that he didn't consider himself fired at all he just received less money. 
and 
continued to make a really dangerous mess.. Joshn castrucci, in your eyes , was also my doing , 
though email after email said , I take no responsibility for him,and iYOU SHOULD NOT HIRE HIM 
.!!! „ your response was that was my opinion was only because i didn't trust him. then to add insult to 
injury last jan you told me he was gone. however he too is still there, and a waste of money and space. 
My time is complicated by Donald's potentially eviscerating any reason for anyone to 
use the foreign funds repatriation plan that i had put together. . however as you are aware I have some 
decisions to make re my time allocation in the next year or two. so at least for a few weeks I am unable 
to commit much time and make any future plans to guide you in the redoing of your procrastination 
produced mess. 
That being said , 
the tasks at hand are the following. 
You have a bomb of colored string that your retarded children have formed , It has to be very carefully 
unwound , even the substitution of Bany for your next trustee, needs a careful focus on procedures It 
would be much preferable if Wechsler was not his replacement. do you have any person you trust ??! . I 
am concerned re brad taking barrys place re XXXX. In the beginning Barry will need to find and learn 
ACCURATE . org charts. books , balance sheets . trust valuations. are all a part. Barry will need 2 
months to just get his arm around what is there , this is before any needed modifications., 
a way overdue re- fresh of your estate plan . 
clats , trust. partnerships. grats. Iles. bank accounts , 
filing requirements. etc. the long awaited review of the brh tra and shareholders agreement to see how 
they fit into new plan. . " XXXXX" planning. art partnership engagement .. , airplane re-do. , buying 
another. . ? boat sale , Miami sale. . TRADING ACCOUNTS. . three years over due. . an 
accounting system. fire john 
joslin stays for a year. or so. so does tom and . except for 
heather everyone should be replaced with new. . Sell Artspace and shut down regan arts. . 
rationalize. cash flow reporting. cash mgmt. stock sales. sec irs. gaming. foreign reporting. the 
8865 mess will take months to review now . . you CANNOT file unreviewed audited documents. . 
CANNOT!!! this will be very detailed work. . a self inflicted wound - all avoidable if professionals 
EFTA00812241
--- PAGE 59 ---
had been in place to limit . or contain it. . . you will need 3 new hires .a s there is no one in your office 
that is truly an A player. I have great hope in Barry as you know. He will need to be trained. note 
; One year is my guesstimate After 4 years of telling you , that you could do better than Halperin, : im 
glad that you now are willing to follow barrys advice . I take no offense , in fact I take comfort in the 
fact that after only one conversation with Barry you are now convinced to make that change . will take a 
year or more. 
I expect as a friend you will understand that 
I will no longer , not even for one day , work on your affairs . without the compensation that is long 
overdue.. your unilateral idea of after care , not imposed on any other professional , except me, not 
paul weiss ,( caesars alone , a direct screw up on their part ) tom, akin, no one. needs to end. . you and 
I had previously agreed no more of that , and this after you decided not to pay me per our agreement. to 
be fair I can not say im surprised as you have email after email , stating that , if you save a great deal 
of money, you wont want to pay , so limit it to 40m per year. - water under the bridge 
If I can find the time to work , on your project , which is not by any means certain as I have said , I 
hope you understand that it now will have to be under my standard terms and conditions. and well 
documented so as to avoid any more of the he said she said. I never want to have any more 
uncomfortable money moments with you , I find it very distasteful. . so to be clear , my terms are as 
follows . I will only work for the usual 40 million per year. It needs to be paid, 25 million upon 
signing an agreement . 5 million every 2 months thereafter for 6 months ie march may june . this can 
begin if i am able in January. I will immediately stop work , if the payment is not received. If you want 
me to work this year until Jan 15 , it will be 10 million. paid upfront. after one year you will be left 
with a new estate plan a running office. staffed with professionals overseen by Barry. ( hallelujah ) a 
tax plan . and an investment that returns more than any painting you could possible own. 
. no 
agreement - no work. however - I of course will talk to Barry for the hour that i promised , and take 
your guidance as to what I should say. 
Date: Tue, Nov 29, 2016 at 1:27 AM 
Subject: so there is no misunderstanding 
To: Melanie Spinella 
I have told the brads and bang,- I am done. its not a negotiation , out !! - fyi given my carlyn joslin 
castrucci, admonishments,- though my involvement in those - in one instance only gave a name - in 
another only given an eileen dictated choice btween two 250k preparers. and for castrucci, I actually 
sent emails that i take no responsiblity for his being hired. - however you felt strongly that I should 
be saddled with their outcomes .even with 
brad wechsler , i again said two months in, Leon, he doesnt 
get it. I tell you this so that you will understand that I will not interview, recommend or vet any new 
hire. 
A story - In 1993 trump and I had a friend that kept telling his pilots how to fly , and when to fly , 
he couldnt help himself from hiring morons as co pilots, and maintenance people based on cheapest 
EFTA00812242
--- PAGE 60 ---
rates. Donald and I tried and tried to talk some sense into him, to no avail. Donald and I were in aspen, 
sitting at little nells. when the friends plane crashed into the side of aspen mountain , klliing him and all 
on board,- Trump looked at me and said without a blink , I guess NOW he wishes he would have 
listened to us.- a metaphor for your office.. . had we not waited to the very last hour having had a six 
month window and tens of unasnwered text and emails re decisions needed including the 1031. you 
would have saved way more than you often feel obliged to argue about. . silly but i reallize you are 
stressed. 
Barry will need to sit with brad for months, to absorb all the co's , structures. cash 
flow, financial statments etc. I will present barry my thoughts on the overall redo , it will be the exact 
same email that i presented to you and brad two years.ago . accurate numbers first. and foremost. . ( 
last week gaming report stil funky). IT etc I pointed out some of the more glaring errors to barry to 
give him a flavor of what is to come. 
Tuesday if you like we should discuss Giacometti , and pesner . difficult to finesse him if they 
are filing documents that you won't . these ridiculous conversations with tons of people on the phone , 
removes any claim you might have to not be considered a WILLFUL NON-FILER . ( after youve been 
told by attnys and pwc that you should file in writing , you have NO choice ) .. worst possible result -
including serious penalties up the kazoo. 
Date: Tue, Feb 24, 2015 at 8:20 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, 
Yesterday , I again spent hours upon hours of my time with your office. ,( speak to brad to get 
flavor) and you and i will discuss the results in gory gruesome detail on Friday. it mirrored many 
other weeks spent doing the things that I don;t have the time to do. 
In order to keep things in perspective, maybe reviewing an analogy I have used before with 
you, might be helpful. You and your family are a 6 billion dollar corp. with an income between 250 
-500 million dollars per year. It contains a few operating biz's , a large wide array of existing 
investments, in various categories , a desire to enter into others. A panoply of loans, notes. 
purchases, wide range of all types of taxes. , planes. boats homes.. trusts ,grats. a crazy number 
of bank accts. ( with no oversight ) . law firms, acct firms, 800 page tax returns, foreign firms. art 
consultants. construction consultants bill payers, home mgmt.,vast multitude of lie's , including 
foreign, and with all that you only have a combined overhead of less that 3 million dollars. 
I have previously sent you the very same note that i have enclosed again below ,this time with 
highlights . I wrote it to you over a year ago. As my acute disability ( selective memory) seems to 
have been raised as one of your concerns , as a rule I try to memorialize things in writing in an 
attempt to lay out issues that I fear may later turn out to be a problem. ie what i would and 
wouldn't do , - my responsibilities. etc and those things that are not. below you will find details 
EFTA00812243
--- PAGE 61 ---
of things that I thought needed to be done, so that you wouldn't find yourself in the very place 
where you currently find yourself. however ,you chose to defer many of my suggestions- see below -
,until only weeks ago. ! you chose to defer the jpm acct. the art partnership on and on - into this 
year. and though the 60- 50 40 timber emails all carried with it a clear warning that you needed to do 
something re personnel if it were to stabilize,- you chose to wait. 
ONE YEAR AGO 
Feb 17 2014 i wrote : 
With regard the more pressing issue I am uncertain of just how to proceed. I am torn, as my very 
strong inclination is not to be involved at all. It is extremely time consuming, delicate, fraught with 
many pitfall many that will make you very upset and a major pain in the ass. I wrote you months ago 
that the quality of the people involved need to be upgraded. ( lucky for me these last issues arose 
way before the beginning of my involvement ) I am also aware however of my overarching 
friendship obligations of ok, -given all the complexities who else can do it? problem. 
Your family office needs a daddy. children with good intentions are running around , sniping , 
nitpicking with little direction. As a stopgap measure I am suggesting , we put in Larry Delson to 
take charge Everyone would report to him. Eileen included. He would however work for me. this is 
not, by a long shot my first choice as I prefer only being responsible and standing behind my own 
personal work ( ie the word DONE will no longer be transmitted to reflect status stated by others ) 
With no commitment on my part whatsoever, to do it. So far as I have failed in my attempt 
in trying to think through the problem creatively . My organizations handling of the more complex 
issues I believe you might find very costly, very ! ( however many structures available some risk 
sharing, maybe risk caps ,etc ) but would require my teams doing the work , not yours. Ada should 
be only a trust, grat administrator. not sure what role you prefer for Eileen as you hired her 
initially to oversee investments. whether Rich your controller stays or not, is not urgent. having 
Tom report to a new person,- is. coordination with Suydam Kathy Gregory, I would suggest 
limiting to one person. The increasing public profile needs to be taken into consideration. 
TODAY 
With your acquiesence , Eileen did not report to Delson ( he acting as a conduit directly to me) , 
she continued to provide bad info to both you ( cash flows , stock accts, structures. sales Etc) and 
me and each time with my many annoying calls to you made immediately afterwards that she was 
g 
y !! No one was hired to run YOUR office until two months ago , no one was even 
interviewed and even now , Brad, a very nice man, is not even full time,(crazy ) Hours upon hours 
of time need to be spent training him . and his new staff. Eileen followed your instructions. not 
mine. in fact she continued to ignore mine saying " but Leon said " or " its on Leon's desk etc " 
, You would become frustrated when i pointed out each instance. of her obfuscation. originally 
you were given the clear choice, but to save money ,you chose not to hire my team . I was hired to 
do the architecture, you kept your own team. with Eileen at the head. instructions were given by me, 
, detailed but ignored by her. ( except in the instances where I inserted myself and personally had to 
do the weeks of grunt work ),ex. jpm morgan acct still not in use? That being said, If you do 
EFTA00812244
--- PAGE 62 ---
the cold calculation ,starting from where you were, to where you are currently . you have made a 
hell of a deal. -- negotiating down my original amount requested , calling upon our friendship 
and suggesting that the Carlyn mess was partially my fault. ( though in that specific example , I had 
never been asked to do more than merely provide you the name of the most highly 
recognized any in the field, not consulted,nor even asked again for my guidance along the 
way. ). I accepted the discount as your friend. ( by the way „suggesting now, that your Tom is 
now that last word on tax characterization, frankly is a bit much,-). however - that is all in the past. 
In order to move forward 
I would ask that you realize that very unlike yours, My business is only comprised of my personal 
attention and my personal time . Time that I was forced to grossly overspend on your various issues 
last year. . As you are my very close friend I will not have you participate in a bidding process that 
I have decided i will have this year for my time . (hopefully a more fair way to allocate ) I would 
also ask that you keep in mind that though our deal expired months ago. (also keeping in mind , that 
your understanding of the final payment terms neither reflected the emails or my memory, we 
finished it up your way. ) I have answered every call Brad , joslin, Ada or you, have made . 
reviewed docs over and over/ until once again, I was forced to insert myself strongly as I thought it 
dangerous not to. I made serious dollar and time concessions last year.very serious I am wiling to 
continue to accommodate some of your concerns , but I am, under no circumstances , none, willing 
to spend my time for free. its not fair. After cleaning up Carlyn's mess , which was a few weeks and 
million dollars . We were both highly aware of the dire circumstances in which you found 
yourself last year, and in fact due predominately to its seriousness. and those very circumstances I 
took extra care in our negotiations . (you had claimed I had you over a barrel , ( a horrible position to 
be in with my very close friend.), unfortunately I fear that if you are not cautious ,in the near future, 
another barrel will appear of your own design ) 
I heard you when you said you believed i had already been paid for the work that is now required. 
The art partnership has fully answered all your concerns and discharged all my obligations and more 
so. . ( FYI Carlyns art partnership that you referenced is similar in only its title. ) You will 
also recall that you required that my payments be at the end of my work not at the beginning as 
everyone else's .( my work was never to include hours upon hours of training your staff). I 
eventually agreed, this of course should make clear that the 2014 tax year that will close Oct 
2015 is not covered by our past agreement at all. I pointed this very fact out to you when I initially 
proposed a multi year agreement right out of the box. you said you preferred not. As you said ,I 
have produced results to date, far in excess of even my own exalted opinion of my projections. I 
have devoted a monumental amount of my limited amount of time-- way, way in excess of our 
agreement. I will be fair, I am willing to roll in the amount still outstanding from last year if that 
helps .. However, As my best student , and my only one, you are now capable of doing most, 
if not all, of the required work yourself. I can put my whiteboard away when you come to eat and 
just have fun, trade stories,. share moments ideas etc.. I am of course always available to guide 
you as a friend if you choose that route . always . It will take a great deal of your time , but you will 
not have to spend any more money on mine . 
We are scheduled to meet fri at 430 , I leave at 5 am sat morning. 
EFTA00812245
--- PAGE 63 ---
Date: Tue, Mar 21, 2017 at 6:58 PM 
Subject: Fwd: request for docs - AAP 
To: Richard Kahn < 
>, Darren Indyke
not for now. but maybe later , 
Forwarded message 
From: Ada Clapp
Date: Fri, Mar 17, 2017 at 10:45 AM 
Subject: RE: request for does - AAP 
To: "Barry J. Cohen" < 
>, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Cc: Brad Wechsler
Attached are: 
1. 
Executed Version of AAP 
2. 
Most Current Draft of AAP 
3. 
Redline of 1 against 2 
4. 
Summary of AAP from Vanessa Eng 
Original Message 
From: Barry J. Cohen imailto: 
Sent: Friday, March 17, 2017 8:07 AM 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Cc: Brad Wechsler  
k Melanie Spinella 
l>; Ada Clapp  
Subject: request for docs 
I will organize. Copying Ada who has a lot of this. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 17, 2017, at 7:25 AM, jeffrey E. 
<jeevacationegmail.com<mailto:ieevacatione,gmail.com>> wrote: 
EFTA00812246
--- PAGE 64 ---
can you send me latest bank art loan docs. BRH agreement . TRA agreement 
, agreement amongst shareholders. . , org chart for phaidon , art space and regan arts. 
. . , ownership only, . - list of invetsments , ownership of 1.a. house.structure, 
/ list of art by highest gain. . - 
Date: Tue, Dec 29, 2015 at 7:26 AM 
Subject: Fwd: leon DO NOT SEND, hand deliver. 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Transaction complete ! 
. this - in spite of your collection of Elysium misfits. !!! 
With Brad out of the office and unable to run his usual interference , the level of his 
utter incompetence was brought front and center, he may be a step up from Eileen, but if he is , then it 
is not certainly not by much, . Though you and I have spent many many hours discussing the importance 
of details and mechanics. I was not shown one document re phaidon,- not one.. Brad wanted to keep it 
private between he and his so called " advisors " however as he was out of the office during the most 
important transaction of the year, I did get to spend time with joslin Joe and john, - the situation in your 
office is wholly ludicrous - to summarize - the list I provided to Brad last December - things I 
thought were a priority to get done after consulting with your office still remains virtually undone. 
IT, still desperately needed- reporting flawed cumbersome and inaccurate . all done by hand as one -off 
exercises , - airplane: re structure, (my only suggested priority in June ) is really ,no further ahead, 
,consultants up the kazoo but nothing at all done.( the office was told that i cannot even see the proposals 
received without brads specific authorization ) - brad has no idea even as to what questions to ask. he 
knows little of finance, is run roughshod over by almost everyone in the office. he is a little man , using 
your power, to appear larger . Eileen was self aware enough to know she was over her head , that is a 
huge difference. bad info is rampant ie 3 million in deductions Im told are taken for art space but on 
closer examination it turns out they cannot be used at all. ( ZERO benefit ) though you will be told yes 
they were deducted on the return they said that is the question they get asked ! " were they deducted " 
not -" is there a benefit " !! 
I asked for the balance sheet and P and L for Regan arts , a basic first step 
in order to check your financials. "sorry we never got one?" though 9.8 million invested, no 
p&I, nothing , a construction project run amok , no budget, the coo fired after only 3 months. , no clue 
. I can add that artspace financials are also a total mess. 
As your friend and in order totum the page. I will try to be constructive 
EFTA00812247
--- PAGE 65 ---
The following is a list of things I think would be in your interest to get done asap .but definitely not by 
me. 
i suggest you form new grats. , hire a high level tax partner. use your trading accounts as they 
remain the paramount requirement 16 months after i emailed to you their importance. , I suggest you 
consider having the 49percent of phaidon merged into artspance and have Richard buy artspace. re-
do bank loans. no need to pay interest at higher rates on boat or plane.. as Richard is now no longer 
trustee. re- do will, make suydam executor , with Barry, and john as back up. pay 1 million a year for 
executor role. get rid of Judy Black trust, deal with gifts and their tax returns, . review amounts to kids at 
fixed ages. put more protections in for Alex and Victoria. , distribute some money to kids let them 
make decisions. , decide art division with children in attendance . have fire drill done on estate. fill out 
estate returns as if you and Debra died today, choose advisers - rick bronstein said the only 1040 he ever 
filled out was his own. ( this is brads chosen advisor??!) Halperin has a conflict that should be 
addressed., Debra should enter a tenants in common agreement with kids. you have airplane 
consultants tax consultants it consultants. plane operation consultant.. boat consultants. architects, 
lighting , art, legal, . foundation , deal with TRA , BRH , rationalize investments. cash flow. reporting, 
gaming disclosures. foreign, gift.. prepare tax projections for 15 and 16, . deal with neg basis ( tufts gain, 
debt financed. art partnership, pledges. sell stock , art, deal with phaidon debt. athene,? income , capital 
, foreign , exit, corporate, insurance regs, out and inbound issues, basis, appropriate discount rates. 
? terminations. control. , qualified dividends. corporate tolls, inversion rules. , grat issues, short swing 
and other sec disclosures, Rothshcild bank, 150 b they have a distribution network with no products , 
private bank Rockefeller Rothschild. financial service. deal with UK visa issue sooner rather than 
later. we can talk about Rowen request re Athene , 2 billion in taxes on transaction. ?! 
the facts as i see them 
in June and then again Sept, we both agreed to a 50% of phaidon payout., then after weeks of thinking 
about the issue ( which I fully understand ) . the payout was unilaterally changed . 5m woudl be reserved 
for the future ? . and out of the remaining 15m ,? i would receive only 5. ( note : I'm confident that 
both the debt , and the artspace investment will also lead to a write off of another 30 m. plus ) In my 
dining room ,you were surprised when I said that i require most people to pay their advisory fee up 
front so that I am assured that I will be properly compensated for my work when strategies that I devise 
are implemented . you may recall that you appeared offended and said " are you suggesting that i 
would go back on my word " I said no , of course not ! you are my closest of friends ,but my experience 
is that when amounts get large, people tend to get unhappy when it actually comes time for them to pay ,. 
From day zero a 50 - 60 million price was attached as the fair price of the transaction just completed . 
though this amount was already substantially less thanour agreed and negotiated formula. - I was 
never told that this was out of range. in fact, alternative methods of payment . plane -in-kind etc, were 
discussed ( ie keeping the 30m portion of fee outstanding till March ) ,I provided as requested a 
detailed step by step execution plan and reviewed all documents that i was given access to. ( Phaidon 
was not forthcoming ) in order to make my many corrections . I was then told that Alans 
involvement warranted a discount . Even in the best of light , though it is beyond question that not 
EFTA00812248
--- PAGE 66 ---
one-,not -one time in three years has he ever proposed a unique idea. (including the new tenant in 
common idea,) and lets say he made a contribution to the plan andeven that it was 50 %. though no one 
could posit such a large amount unless they were wearing a brightly colored clown suit. , the price of 
doing the deal was known . It had both sent in writing and spoken about on the phone numerous times 
, a detailed execution plan was provided . then and only then after all was laid out for the group I was 
told that after a number of conversations with brad karp that only 20m would be paid , (and even that 
was more than originally contemplated ) for both transactions . I feel It was remarkably unfair. Did 
brad even know of our prior agreement.? I called him and he said he was never told.?, I would ask that 
you I and Brad karp sit together if you think it would be helpful.. I would like to send him this email, 
with your consent of course. If the transactions were never consummated , i would not be owed a dime, 
however , the price was known up front. , the detailed step by step plan was followed and overseen by 
me, the price that had been requested before the transaction was begun, and had heady heavily 
discounted, out of friendship, from our agreement . I believe the decision re paying only 20 
m has frankly left me felling quite uneasy. 
since you asked since last nov. 
i found 11 million dollars in dormant accounts. 4 million dollars in 
eileens drawer.. went through cash flows for phaidon shwoing that john murphy is not an 
accountant. redid your gagosian contract , . organized structure in case of divorce. set up gift trust. 
stopped ada from including multiple times things not in your interest. dealt with bad sales tax use tax 
income tax . created 8 millino in deductions ,500k in mistakes , found bank of scotland fbar problems, . 
. reorg bad art purchases , funds taken, charibale decustions , helped with fincnacil sttment gamoing 
commions fling.. boat deductions, rescued stock from grats.. may 1 after months of brad not finding 
anyone i sent an email saying you would have to pay more.. on april 15. I sent an email detailing 
payments owed if i could figure out the basis issue, please see attached, . 
questions you might ask your team ask them to provide a balance sheet or p&I for REgan 
arts. . doesnt exist 
ask . either wechsler or haperin to tell you what brh is, or how the tra works. .. ? as bronstein to tell you 
why the proposed phaidon transaction DOES not work. . as them to give you a plan for the plane. ? ask 
them to show you the cash mgmt for over 100 million dollars. . ask them to show you the IT system 
progress after one year. . the approval process for payables. . the cash flow projections? 
assumptions? ask for a comparative review of investments. ask haperin to describle to you in any detail 
BRH , the major asset of his two biggest clients. tax basis, disposiotion in the estate. . etc. ask brad to 
show you the liquidation of the inteveing art space cos? . 
Last year you asked , for my help I told you I preferred not as we would be better off having no 
financial intereactions. the risk was not worth it. You told me that as my friend i had to do it I 
agreed., here we are in what I find to be an awkward situation. the transactions that i decvised were 
used , our agreement was ignored. and im not sure how to respond. 
EFTA00812249
--- PAGE 67 ---
Date: Tue, Oct 27, 2015 at 6:35 AM 
Subject: Detailed constructive list. 
To: Melanie Spinella
Cc: Brad Wechsler 
Deciisions needed asap 1 phaidon. topco etc. . ( cash needs) many wires needed !! 2 new trustee or 
not. - new decantings 3 art in art partnership.??! .overdue ?! 4 pats? window - 5 art 
space. .6 regan arts. .7 plane simplify re strucuture re finance. re purpose . 8 .boat restrucutre , 
sister, 9 re fresh estate plan. to consider modifications 
Alex Victoria equal does not mean same. 
10. tra review , sale. , 11 brh, doc review, 12. sale of stock or art ? tax, rent sale 13 . gifts of art. 14. 
charity current and future pledges , gifts, 15 cash flow. . 16 . new IT and new 
personnel. 17. operational re-do ( bill pay etc) . 18 debra and children ? current and future involvement . 
notifications etc.. new dynasty trust ? 19. tax plan and dislosures gaming. foreign apollo and phaidon 
related . 20. investments rationalize incl trading accouints . 21. bank loans . rates ? ? terms etc. 
consolidate. plane boat houses. disclosures? 22 . consolidate and review and reduce the number of all 
bank accounts and legal entities. decanting liquidating etc. . 23 all outside consultants? valuations 
etc. 24 review legal bills carefullly. 25. third party responsibilty Bens house , alex films . etc. 
Date: Tue, Nov 3, 2015 at 10:45 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
okay, its time for you to decide how you would like to move forward. ( fyi get your money from the 
1031 . the screw up is only one of many,) If you decide to move foward on decanting. phaidon, note 
basis estate update , each requires many carefully orchestrated detailed steps. and precision . there are 
hundreds of millions in saving if done correctly and a huge mess if not. If you want me and my 
colleagues to do it , oversee it paper it and guide it, you should tell me. It is a big undertaking . If not , 
ok .. Brad and your crew can do it. I will have no real further involvement apart from confirming the 
outcome of my proposed structure, I will not risk the admonition of- they thought you said, they thought 
you meant, they understood it to be. but they said you said, 
( i e ,I asked at our meeting that accounting 
be done properly for bens house , what came back was ada thought that I meant that we needed to go 
back to the 97 trust and give him a full third party accounting of where his money had gone??!! I kid you 
not). I dont think brad should talk to Jane heller without a fully fleshed out plan in place and even then it 
should be you. 
Date: Mon, Nov 30, 2015 at 11:21 AM 
Subject: agenda 
To: Melanie Spinella
EFTA00812250
--- PAGE 68 ---
fees, amount and to what entities when and responsiblitis. 2. gagosian idea to save a minimum of 10 
mill and maybe more. 3. i can walk you through carlyns screw up, 50 % would have made little 
difference and maybe made it worse . 4. we should have an all hands meeting with your family to talk 
about art distribution on death. . 5. phaidon, decantings ( already firmly in progress ) loans. ( alan 
) pent. ( with follow up ) all part of same elegant transaction, 6 asymetric risk worth at least 50- 60 no 
matter how you calculate. I can explain. 7 lets get the money issue out of the way once and for all. I 
have my team set to start. 
Date: Fri, Dec 4, 2015 at 8:07 AM 
Subject: Fwd: moving forward 
To: Melanie Spinella 
I had forgotten that Alan was actually at the table when i explained my note deal to you. 
it was at the 
end of the meeting described below. . as you will recall , not once , not even a peep did alan suggest 
contemporaneously his hand in the crafting, in fact brad said it was an idea. that HE brad, HAD HAD 
, from the begiining . my emails between alan and I that you can read , further confirm authorship. Im 
sure you recall the obnoxious tooting when alan said he agreed with my plan. . 
Date: Mon, Nov 2, 2015 at 10:03 PM 
Subject: moving forward 
To: Melanie Spinella 
I have mixed emotions about what transpired today. really, You saw first hand in nauseating detail 
what i have been saying to you for quite a while now. 
Joslins answers were totally incomprehensible. 
the charts he prepared unreadable. Brads defensive posture was at a minum very surprising . He and I 
have recently gotten along quite well , I thought . Neither Joslin or Brad understood a 180 million 
dollar number . no cash flow after weeks of requesting? odd. when you suggested that heathers 
behavior was emblematic of a sloppy office , brad said lets not talk about emblems??! bill pay , 
admittedly no change for the year. . plane not done. though it was the only thing i suggested doing first in 
July . . I sent you a list of 10 consultantts. brad said three, . i didnt want to push it. I was shocked 
that brad was opining on things he knows little or nothing about. tax issues. 1031. neg basis , note 
payoffs ( the same idea he said he had had from the beggining??!!) . answers re LBF holdings that can 
be corrected ( they cant) . valuations that have never been read. . When we met in your lobby he seems 
surprised that i was there. I dont know if he felt somewhat sandbagged. .. 
the savings on the note payoff is aprrox 33 % of 1.8 billion. real money if you do phaidon which i see 
no reason not to . if later josh and ben want to buy it back with you or without you they can. i will walk 
you through the structure one on one. . the losses will offeset the calder gain as well as apollo gain. 
Im aware that seeing what you saw frustrated you. I felt badly for you. 
EFTA00812251
--- PAGE 69 ---
You wanted a contingent deal. real value. etc. I will not of course hold you to your deal. . its silly. its 
not how i work or a reflection of our friendship. my proposal is as follows. I want away from your 
buisiness , but at the same time leaving you in good shape. 
I think you should pay the 25m that you 
did not for this year. for next year its the same 40 m as always, paid 20 in jan and 20 in july, and then 
we are done. I will give you advice and counsel but new people will be running your operating 
machine. 
I will oversee all the work that needs to be done you and I will hire new people , and it will 
be self running. ( it was may in my house when you told brad it had been 5 months and you were getting 
fed up ) I will set up a parallel . office , somenoe like wendy dolman or her quality is paramount. two 
accountants two bookeepers and two office admins. . elan and zoe will handle trusts and grats. heatehr 
diana george will be incolved in art partnership. if you want brad, analysts etc. and kids to do 
investments I have little to add in that regard ,except to be able to account for things properly. I suggest 
that the kids must have skin in any deal. 
Alternatively , we can continue to focus on fun and let someone else do the things that you want 
done. and you and I can kibbitz about it all. structures outcomes risk, museums. charity, ( joslins 
answer by the way was I had asked how much charity was leon planining to give this year , ( the 2 m 
) he didnt include your foundation or the payment to me, or from debra and you??!! 
Date: Mon, Nov 30, 2015 at 11:21 AM 
Subject: agenda 
To: Melanie Spinella 
fees, amount and to what entities when and responsiblitis. 2. gagosian idea to save a minimum of 10 
mill and maybe more. 3. i can walk you through carlyns screw up, 50 % would have made little 
difference and maybe made it worse . 4. we should have an all hands meeting with your family to talk 
about art distribution on death. . 5. phaidon, decantings ( already firmly in progress ) loans. ( alan 
) pent. ( with follow up ) all part of same elegant transaction, 6 asymetric risk worth at least 50- 60 no 
matter how you calculate. I can explain. 7 lets get the money issue out of the way once and for all. I 
have my team set to start. 
Date: Fri, Feb 20, 2015 at 5:52 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
1) pg 1 A " unequal shares" . pg 23 "removal of trustees " absolute. dont be confused with abiltiy to 
set up seperate trusts, 
2) I am reachable this afternoon in europe. on cell. 3. on another note . -our 
financial agreement ended months ago . seperate from the art partnership (which i was told yesterday to 
EFTA00812252
--- PAGE 70 ---
my amazement is still not funded) . i am obligated to complete ? the time i have dedicated since oct/ 
dec has been spent mainly as your friend. tom, brad though i am fully cognizant of my 
responsiblities. 
I will try to help find people. I am not good at human resources. howevr If I don;t think 
they are good enough for you. I will continue to say so , and you obviously decide. but I will reiterrate 
even in the face of your "nobody is good enough argument." keeping foremost in my mind that you 
and I have only beeen shown a very tiny handful of people. 4. I find the friction over fees , 
counterproductive. in an attempt to avoid it I had suggested a multi year deal early on. you rejected it. I 
then suggested, and urged you to have an option at a fixed fee , you also rejected that .you wanted the fee 
payment only at the end I argued but ,conceded. I suggested a structure that tom didn't like. you rejected 
it . 5 I suggest you make a fair proposal.- that i can either accept or reject. some payment up front this 
time is a requirement. I am willing to modify any outstanding obligations. - there are creative ways to 
assure you of your desired characterization of those payments. 6 you should open accts at Deutsh . and 
goldman. 
I am told that eilleen has set up over one hundred bank acccts for you???!!. few relevant 7 
you should immediatly demand a list of all her acct authorites , exec poistions . director etc. bank 
authorizsations. etc. 
talk later or over the weekend if you like 
Date: Tue, Jan 5, 2016 at 9:32 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
Mark was here this morning , the proposed transactions are extremely complex . and would take a great 
deal of detailed time. I do not know how, and if ,to move forward - our last transaction. a transaction 
which you saved 600 million in tax. even if 20 years away , ( i hope longer) even discounted is a 300 
million savings . for that you ignored our agreements , verbal written and emailed -and decided that it 
was only worth 8 million dollars. ( assuming phaidon srichard happens. 24 m savings not including 
artspace and debt benefits certain to come later ) 
FYI the phaidon transaction cannot happen as 
currently comtemplated IT will not work . NOT 
When we had our meeting in your home in Bedford. You asked me for my help. I told you multiple 
times that i thought it was a very bad idea, in that I preferred to have no financial interactions. I dont 
have many friends and didnt want money in any way to interfere with our unique relationship. Reminder 
, 
For five years you had the kind but goofy Eileen Alexandersson as the sole manager of your 
accounting , legal, investments. reporting, trusts etc. When I first told you in no uncertain terms that I 
firmly believed she was incompetent you admonished me for " speaking out of both sides of my mouth " 
. With regard Brad Wechsler, there has never been a " both sides. ". I have consistantly maintained 
since day one that he was highly unsuited for the job. When you initially asked me to help convince him 
to take the role , promising him a position to manage mirage investments I sent you a note saying that 
instead of hiring him you should pay up and get first class people. I have reiterated the same message 
for over a year now.. Brad , not me ,was tasked with hiring new people , according to his org 
chart.(nauseating ) and as you wanted him to take ownership of the staff,he conducted many interviews 
alone. . you may recall that as late as may, you told him in my presence that though six months had 
passed he had not hired anyone. since then I have rectified errors in sales tax, use tax, income tax, fbar 
reporting, 1031 reporting, 8 million of deductions missed errors of millions on the returns. ,( april ) 
EFTA00812253
--- PAGE 71 ---
Oversight on new gnats- first at 22 and then at 19 that were done without my consultation and needed to 
be resolved soley as a result of my last minute intervention.. 600 million in after tax savings was just 
accomplished. though you left the 30 million outstanding that I had said should only be done" if" that was 
my additional fee. not used for non biz purposes and not art. 
in June and then again Sept, we both agreed to a 50% of phaidon payout first projected at 20 . but less 
when artspace and debt taken out, - then only after weeks, when you delayed any detailed discussion of 
money wanting to give the issue a thoughtful response ( which I fully understand ) . you unilaterally 
changed our agreement.. 5m would be reserved for the future ? . and out of the remaining 15m ,? i 
would receive only a third. ( note : I'm confident that both the debt , and the art space investment will 
also lead to a write- off of another 30 m. plus ) In my dining room ,you were surprised when I said that 
i require most people to pay their advisory fee up front so that I am assured that I will be 
properly compensated for my work when strategies are implemented . you may recall that you appeared 
offended and said " are you suggesting that i would go back on my word " I said no , of course not ! 
you are my closest of friends ,but my experience is that when amounts get large, people tend to get 
unhappy when it actually comes time for them to pay. 
I include below the email i sent to you on April 15, the day i was examining your returns It laid out 
my understanding of the compensation agreed for a transaction of the magnitude to the penny of the one 
just completed.ie 600m 
When it appeared that the transcation would and could go foward I was the 
first to point out that our agreement would cost you too much money, therefore 
From day one I proposed to discount our agreement to a 50 - 60 million range. An 
extremely fair price for all the transactions just completed . including Phaidon. - 
I was never told that 
this was out of range. in fact, alternative methods of payment . ie my plane, or an -in-kind payment 
were discussed ( ie including keeping the 30m portion of the fee outstanding till March ) ,I provided , 
only because you specifically requested a detailed step by step execution plan and reviewed all 
documents that i was given access to. ( Phaidon was never forthcoming ) in order to make my many 
corrections . ( as i said more needed on phaidon ) . 
I was then told that Alans involvement warranted a 
discount . Even in the best of light , though it is beyond question that not one time in the three years of 
his retainer has he ever proposed a unique idea. (including any way to deal with the use issue on debras 
death ,or even the most basic review of your largest asset by far , the BRH agreement. ) O.K. - lets say 
he made a contribution to the plan and stretch reality beyond the pale and say it was 50 %. though no 
one could posit such a large amount unless they were wearing a clown suit. , the payment and our 
formula of 37 percent associated with the deal was known . It had both sent in writing and spoken 
about on the phone numerous times , a detailed execution plan was provided . then and only then, after 
the entire transaction was laid out for the group to follow You told me that after a number of 
conversations with brad karp that a total of only 20m would be paid , (and even that was more than you 
originally contemplated ) for both transactions . Leon I feel It was remarkably unfair. Did brad 
even knew of our prior agreements.? ?, I would ask that you I and Brad karp sit together if you think it 
would be helpful.. I would like to send him this email, with your consent of course. If the transactions 
were never consummated , i would not be owed a dime, however , the expected fee was known up front. 
, the detailed step by step plan was followed and overseen by me, the amount that I had requested before 
the transaction had even begun, had already been heavily discounted, out of friendship, . I believe the 
decision re only paying 20 m has frankly , left me felling quite uneasy. and colors the view about the 
Athene or Rothschild transaction. 
EFTA00812254
--- PAGE 72 ---
Date: Sun, Mar 20, 2016 at 11:17 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
glad to see you are personally on the mend - as well as the fence. -- As you know i dread money 
discussions with you-- however -we should address the issue of what you would like to do moving 
forward. re- do family office, accounting trusts , estate and apollo agreements . Along with your " 
payment " last year we agreed . no further obligations on each side. yes, i continued to moan. I realize 
that though 
I ve done quite a lot this year already , it is not your responsibility. . As you often like to 
remind me- you've paid a great deal of money to date. that being said - If you want my involvement 
moving foward, 
I suggest you pay my regular I fee of 40 m . 20 now . 20 on completion or as per the 
invoice issues at the end of last year pay 30 all at once. -
To help out . im keenly aware of your current cash position. so I will consider an in-kind payment -
real estate ( Miami )„art , financing of my new plane (allows you to spread over years or of course 
the preferred cash. Get rid of Castrucci,it is over a year since the same story of findign the right guy at 
the top. you entire accounting needs to be re done. , office downsized, reporting re done. meetings to 
recitify, categlorize , the various docs re appollo , rowen , suydam, alan etc. Brad can direct investment 
guys, ( hopefully) my people will be in your office for a few months . reorganizing IF you decide not 
to pay I fully understand, as I m sure you will re my no longer spending any serious time on these things. 
Of course re any non financial issues , I am always there for you and will continue to be the best friend 
I can be . 
Steve jobs said that everyday he woke up , and asked himself , if he knew he was going to die tomorow , 
would he do the same thing that he had planned for the day- he wanted to check that he was doing things 
that he really wanted to. after three days of getting back an answer of no, he would change what he was 
going to do. . he also did not believe in LONG term plans. I dont think either one of us will figure out 
what we want to do long term so my thinking is that we should try to have fun everyday, and welcome 
serendipity. 
I think another trust and estate lawyer should be brought in to deal with the issues of how not to allow 
your family to get screwed by your partners on death . Alan, for years told me that paul weiss had 
drawn the docs so no issue but when recently pushed by my new fire drill he asked akin to draft 
.?! PLease ask brad about why he keeps talking about flow . I dont know what he means, its so silly . 
. this is only about money control and protection . 
I am leaving monday night now. free to speak in the afternoon 
Date: Tue, Apr 12, 2016 at 11:49 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
EFTA00812255
--- PAGE 73 ---
use tax questions. ? califomia question state returns? as you know wendy did not play a role 
here. . her involvment moving foward would help alot. . 
sign your gift tax return today if 
possible . 
I will be finished tomorw with this year. crazy on april 13th. !! . last minute to say the 
least. . 
brad told you the tra can be separated with approvals. which should be simple. . alan alwys 
just says no , . unless he is asked , well what if we amend what is there. . moving foward , i ask you to 
decide if you want me and my team involved or not. . I want to be weaned. I agree the past , apart from 
phaidon and artspace. this year of course is done.. for me to allow bad reporting to negaitvely impact 
you, by keeping joslin, would be irresponsible on my part. . letting him do harm, or stopping him and 
having to listen to his leaving is my fault. is awkward. . I will call at 3 
Date: Tue, Feb 9, 2016 at 7:56 PM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
this was sent four months ago, nothing has changed 
sent oct 15. before big transaction. 
Office, 
- ada goes. , hire heather a paralegal . 
Joslin goes or is closely managed by new cfo with 
tax experience. . castrucii goes asap.as he merely adds to mess.( too many people , ex 7 people or 
more to pay a bill ) eva goes. outsource as much as possible. . bookkeeping systems built from 
scratch, airplane restructure, boat . same, new grats. phaidon sale , decide on artspace 
survivability, regan, . do the kids really want these? , children accounting ie bens house.etc. re do 
estate for new facts. redo loans, trading accounts activity, . gaming -foreign- disclosures. . BRH 
TRA re thinks . household and construction architects. . redone. art partnership , choice of 
paintings. . re do structure of consultants. tax re family office.. decide if investments are a realistic 
option in the next three years.. insurance. operations. airplane , etc. . art foundation , private . max 
charity contributions. financial reports. still waiting. ? on line banking, . tax planning, family office 
deductions ( profit center ) . airplane certificate, redone jet aviation redo. . 
paper gigi ( E )trust to 
avoid gift tax.. 
Date: Tue, Nov 15, 2016 at 6:13 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, Congragulations on biting the bullet. at least 18 months late , but I m encouraged and glad for 
you. When you interviewed Brad two years ago you asked that i not tell him what a disaster lay before 
him. what would you like me to tell Barry? 
EFTA00812256
--- PAGE 74 ---
There is a HUGE amount of work to be done in the next 9 -12 months. mostly the exact same work 
that i outlined in my email of 2 years ago. now complicated by years of mess on top. ( you can send it 
again if you like ) . Brad wechsler was never up to the task . sorry, I realize I have been saying the 
very same thing for a long time. he was a not a step up from Eileen but a step sideways. in the 
beginning there was Eileen and Tom and Ralph Lerner. all your hand picks. then brad. john, 
Joe. . joslin was chosen from a pool of 2 people. each that would be limited by a salary of 250k. ( yes i 
personally augmented his comp in order to get him ) I did say hire both Lisa to do the bookkeeping and 
joslin tax, 
He complained for over a year , re his direction by eileen and ada , and then brad. His 
breakdown was not a surprise after months and moths of warnings. Though disabled, he ran your office 
this year. with john and joe. He ran amok, and as i told you he rarely failed to remind me in our 
conversations that you told him that he works for you and not for me and that brad needs to pays him . 
. Asking me who to hire , estate attny tax people etc. : 
I have taken heat for years over the fact that i gave you no more than carlyns name, . no follow up 
questions no interactions , not even one single question asked of me re her work. ( that was Eileen 
but somehow carlyns fuck up was my doing. . 
when i told you that i thought Eileen wasn't up to 
the task, you bellowed that i was talking out of both sides of my mouth. . You told me this year , that 
by trying to protect you from crazy joslin, I had in essence fired him and it was my responsibility to do 
his work. it then turns out that he didn't consider himself fired at all he just received less money. 
and 
continued to make a really dangerous mess.. Joshn castrucci, in your eyes , was also my doing , 
though email after email said , I take no responsibility for him,and iYOU SHOULD NOT HIRE HIM 
.!!! „ your response was that was my opinion was only because i didn't trust him. then to add insult to 
injury last jan you told me he was gone. however he too is still there, and a waste of money and space. 
My time is complicated by Donald's potentially eviscerating any reason for anyone to 
use the foreign funds repatriation plan that i had put together. . however as you are aware I have some 
decisions to make re my time allocation in the next year or two. so at least for a few weeks I am unable 
to commit much time and make any future plans to guide you in the redoing of your procrastination 
produced mess. 
That being said , 
the tasks at hand are the following. 
You have a bomb of colored string that your retarded children have formed , It has to be very carefully 
unwound , even the substitution of Barry for your next trustee, needs a careful focus on procedure.s It 
would be much preferable if Wechsler was not his replacement. do you have any person you trust ??! . I 
am concerned re brad taking barrys place re XXXX. In the beginning Barry will need to find and learn 
ACCURATE . org charts. books , balance sheets . trust valuations. are all a part. Barry will need 2 
months to just get his arm around what is there , this is before any needed modifications., 
a way overdue re- fresh of your estate plan . 
clats , trust. partnerships. grats. Ilcs. bank accounts , 
filing requirements. etc. the long awaited review of the brh tra and shareholders agreement to see how 
they fit into new plan. . " XXXXX" planning. art partnership engagement .. , airplane re-do. , buying 
another. . ? boat sale , Miami sale. . TRADING ACCOUNTS. . three years over due. . an 
accounting system. fire john 
joslin stays for a year. or so. so does tom and . except for 
heather everyone should be replaced with new. . Sell Artspace and shut down regan arts. . 
rationalize. cash flow reporting. cash mgmt. stock sales. sec irs. gaming. foreign reporting. the 
EFTA00812257
--- PAGE 75 ---
8865 mess will take months to review now . . you CANNOT file unreviewed audited documents. . 
CANNOT!!! this will be very detailed work. . a self inflicted wound - all avoidable if professionals 
had been in place to limit . or contain it. . . you will need 3 new hires .a s there is no one in your office 
that is truly an A player. I have great hope in Barry as you know. He will need to be trained. note 
; One year is my guesstimate After 4 years of telling you , that you could do better than Halperin, : im 
glad that you now are willing to follow barrys advice . I take no offense , in fact I take comfort in the 
fact that after only one conversation with Barry you are now convinced to make that change . will take a 
year or more. 
I expect as a friend you will understand that 
I will no longer , not even for one day , work on your affairs . without the compensation that is long 
overdue.. your unilateral idea of after care , not imposed on any other professional , except me, not 
paul weiss ,( caesars alone , a direct screw up on their part ) tom, akin, no one. needs to end. . you and 
I had previously agreed no more of that , and this after you decided not to pay me per our agreement. to 
be fair I can not say im surprised as you have email after email , stating that , if you save a great deal 
of money, you wont want to pay , so limit it to 40m per year. - water under the bridge 
If I can find the time to work , on your project , which is not by any means certain as I have said , I 
hope you understand that it now will have to be under my standard terms and conditions. and well 
documented so as to avoid any more of the he said she said. I never want to have any more 
uncomfortable money moments with you , I find it very distasteful. . so to be clear , my terms are as 
follows . I will only work for the usual 40 million per year. It needs to be paid, 25 million upon 
signing an agreement . 5 million every 2 months thereafter for 6 months ie march may june . this can 
begin if i am able in January. I will immediately stop work , if the payment is not received. If you want 
me to work this year until Jan 15 , it will be 10 million. paid upfront. after one year you will be left 
with a new estate plan a running office. staffed with professionals overseen by Barry. ( hallelujah ) a 
tax plan . and an investment that returns more than any painting you could possible own. 
. no 
agreement - no work. however - I of course will talk to Barry for the hour that i promised , and take 
your guidance as to what I should say. 
her the last two places. ? 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon please read the attached proposed response to the IRS , see if you can understand it !!!. lye asked 
for a re-do. and given prelimiary directions to Alan to have it edited over the weekend 
. If you are quarterbacking ,ok with me. just please let everyone know. you must deal with the 
outrageous incompetence in your family office .. Alans words " but I was told that.. , but I was told by 
the office (sic) that ... , BUT i was told by joslin,. , but I was told by . " why is leon blaming me for 
.." . I ve have always given you my best advice, If you reflect on your financial life , you have been kept 
EFTA00812258
--- PAGE 76 ---
safe , had remarkable results and no disasters. I have repeatedly urged you to get rid of the people in 
your office. , you have repeatedly chosen to ignore my advice , you told me last week that 
the emotional reason was in order to be weaned off my group and not have to pay my high fees. 
( though ignoring the benefit of between 1.5 and 2b to the better. ) . and no explosions. 
You have 
email after email ,where i remind you that I am not your bookkeeper or accountant ( in brads corporate 
speak his" finance dept ??!!) that it should be redone .I have reviewed a multitude of the silly reports 
given to you and have pointed out the continued numerous inaccuracies . your question " so what if the 
numbers are off , so what if the categories are off whats the big deal??. I suggest you de risk you 
finances and make the tough decisions necessary - pay the right amounts ( high) to get the work done 
properly or , you are , Im afraid, certain to get an unhappy answer.. 
torn will be back from vacation. 
this week. 
Forwarded message 
From: Halperin, Alan S < 
Date: Thu, Apr 28, 2016 at 5:16 PM 
Subject: Valuation Discount 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
I am attaching a draft response from Empire Valuation as to why it arrived at a valuation discount on the 
low end. Let's discuss the response and next steps. Thanks. Alan 
Date: Tue, Feb 24, 2015 at 8:20 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, 
Yesterday , I again spent hours upon hours of my time with your office. ,( speak to brad to get 
flavor) and you and i will discuss the results in gory gruesome detail on Friday. it mirrored many 
other weeks spent doing the things that I don;t have the time to do. 
In order to keep things in perspective, maybe reviewing an analogy I have used before with 
you, might be helpful. You and your family are a 6 billion dollar corp. with an income between 250 
-500 million dollars per year. It contains a few operating biz's , a large wide array of existing 
investments, in various categories , a desire to enter into others. A panoply of loans, notes. 
purchases, wide range of all types of taxes. , planes. boats homes.. trusts ,grats. a crazy number 
of bank accts. ( with no oversight ) . law firms, acct firms, 800 page tax returns, foreign firms. art 
EFTA00812259
--- PAGE 77 ---
consultants. construction consultants bill payers, home mgmt.,vast multitude of lie's , including 
foreign, and with all that you only have a combined overhead of less that 3 million dollars. 
I have previously sent you the very same note that i have enclosed again below ,this time with 
highlights . I wrote it to you over a year ago. As my acute disability ( selective memory) seems to 
have been raised as one of your concerns , as a rule I try to memorialize things in writing in an 
attempt to lay out issues that I fear may later turn out to be a problem. ie what i would and 
wouldn't do , - my responsibilities. etc and those things that are not. below you will find details 
of things that I thought needed to be done, so that you wouldn't find yourself in the very place 
where you currently find yourself. however ,you chose to defer many of my suggestions- see below -
,until only weeks ago. ! you chose to defer the jpm acct. the art partnership on and on - into this 
year. and though the 60- 50 40 timber emails all carried with it a clear warning that you needed to do 
something re personnel if it were to stabilize,- you chose to wait. 
ONE YEAR AGO 
Feb 17 2014 i wrote : 
With regard the more pressing issue I am uncertain of just how to proceed. I am torn, as my very 
strong inclination is not to be involved at all. It is extremely time consuming, delicate, fraught with 
many pitfall many that will make you very upset and a major pain in the ass. I wrote you months ago 
that the quality of the people involved need to be upgraded. ( lucky for me these last issues arose 
way before the beginning of my involvement ) I am also aware however of my overarching 
friendship obligations of ok, -given all the complexities who else can do it? problem. 
Your family office needs a daddy. children with good intentions are running around , sniping , 
nitpicking with little direction. As a stopgap measure I am suggesting , we put in Larry Delson to 
take charge Everyone would report to him. Eileen included. He would however work for me. this is 
not, by a long shot my first choice as I prefer only being responsible and standing behind my own 
personal work ( ie the word DONE will no longer be transmitted to reflect status stated by others ) 
With no commitment on my part whatsoever, to do it. So far as I have failed in my attempt 
in trying to think through the problem creatively . My organizations handling of the more complex 
issues I believe you might find very costly, very ! ( however many structures available some risk 
sharing, maybe risk caps ,etc ) but would require my teams doing the work , not yours. Ada should 
be only a trust, grat administrator. not sure what role you prefer for Eileen as you hired her 
initially to oversee investments. whether Rich your controller stays or not, is not urgent. having 
Tom report to a new person,- is. coordination with Suydam Kathy Gregory, I would suggest 
limiting to one person. The increasing public profile needs to be taken into consideration. 
EFTA00812260
--- PAGE 78 ---
TODAY 
With your acquiesence , Eileen did not report to Delson ( he acting as a conduit directly to me) , 
she continued to provide bad info to both you ( cash flows , stock accts, structures. sales Etc) and 
me and each time with my many annoying calls to you made immediately afterwards that she was 
g 
y !! No one was hired to run YOUR office until two months ago , no one was even 
interviewed and even now , Brad, a very nice man, is not even full time,(crazy ) Hours upon hours 
of time need to be spent training him . and his new staff. Eileen followed your instructions. not 
mine. in fact she continued to ignore mine saying " but Leon said " or " its on Leon's desk etc " 
, You would become frustrated when i pointed out each instance. of her obfuscation. originally 
you were given the clear choice, but to save money ,you chose not to hire my team . I was hired to 
do the architecture, you kept your own team. with Eileen at the head. instructions were given by me, 
, detailed but ignored by her. ( except in the instances where I inserted myself and personally had to 
do the weeks of grunt work ),ex. jpm morgan acct still not in use? That being said, If you do 
the cold calculation ,starting from where you were, to where you are currently . you have made a 
hell of a deal. -- negotiating down my original amount requested , calling upon our friendship 
and suggesting that the Carlyn mess was partially my fault. ( though in that specific example , I had 
never been asked to do more than merely provide you the name of the most highly 
recognized any in the field, not consulted,nor even asked again for my guidance along the 
way. ). I accepted the discount as your friend. ( by the way „suggesting now, that your Tom is 
now that last word on tax characterization, frankly is a bit much,-). however - that is all in the past. 
In order to move forward 
I would ask that you realize that very unlike yours, My business is only comprised of my personal 
attention and my personal time . Time that I was forced to grossly overspend on your various issues 
last year. . As you are my very close friend I will not have you participate in a bidding process that 
I have decided i will have this year for my time . (hopefully a more fair way to allocate ) I would 
also ask that you keep in mind that though our deal expired months ago. (also keeping in mind , that 
your understanding of the final payment terms neither reflected the emails or my memory, we 
finished it up your way. ) I have answered every call Brad , joslin, Ada or you, have made . 
reviewed docs over and over/ until once again, I was forced to insert myself strongly as I thought it 
dangerous not to. I made serious dollar and time concessions last year.very serious I am wiling to 
continue to accommodate some of your concerns , but I am, under no circumstances , none, willing 
to spend my time for free. its not fair. After cleaning up Carlyn's mess , which was a few weeks and 
million dollars . We were both highly aware of the dire circumstances in which you found 
yourself last year, and in fact due predominately to its seriousness. and those very circumstances I 
took extra care in our negotiations . (you had claimed I had you over a barrel , ( a horrible position to 
be in with my very close friend.), unfortunately I fear that if you are not cautious ,in the near future, 
another barrel will appear of your own design ) 
I heard you when you said you believed i had already been paid for the work that is now required. 
The art partnership has fully answered all your concerns and discharged all my obligations and more 
EFTA00812261
--- PAGE 79 ---
so. . ( FYI Carlyns art partnership that you referenced is similar in only its title. ) You will 
also recall that you required that my payments be at the end of my work not at the beginning as 
everyone else's .( my work was never to include hours upon hours of training your staff). I 
eventually agreed, this of course should make clear that the 2014 tax year that will close Oct 
2015 is not covered by our past agreement at all. I pointed this very fact out to you when I initially 
proposed a multi year agreement right out of the box. you said you preferred not. As you said ,I 
have produced results to date, far in excess of even my own exalted opinion of my projections. I 
have devoted a monumental amount of my limited amount of time-- way, way in excess of our 
agreement. I will be fair, I am willing to roll in the amount still outstanding from last year if that 
helps .. However, As my best student , and my only one, you are now capable of doing most, 
if not all, of the required work yourself. I can put my whiteboard away when you come to eat and 
just have fun, trade stories,. share moments ideas etc.. I am of course always available to guide 
you as a friend if you choose that route . always . It will take a great deal of your time , but you will 
not have to spend any more money on mine . 
We are scheduled to meet fri at 430 , I leave at 5 am sat morning. 
Date: Tue, Feb 24, 2015 at 8:20 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, 
Yesterday , I again spent hours upon hours of my time with your office. ,( speak to brad to get 
flavor) and you and i will discuss the results in gory gruesome detail on Friday. it mirrored many 
other weeks spent doing the things that I don;t have the time to do. 
In order to keep things in perspective, maybe reviewing an analogy I have used before with 
you, might be helpful. You and your family are a 6 billion dollar corp. with an income between 250 
-500 million dollars per year. It contains a few operating biz's , a large wide array of existing 
investments, in various categories , a desire to enter into others. A panoply of loans, notes. 
purchases, wide range of all types of taxes. , planes. boats homes.. trusts ,grats. a crazy number 
of bank accts. ( with no oversight ) . law firms, acct firms, 800 page tax returns, foreign firms. art 
consultants. construction consultants bill payers, home mgmt.,vast multitude of llc's , including 
foreign, and with all that you only have a combined overhead of less that 3 million dollars. 
I have previously sent you the very same note that i have enclosed again below ,this time with 
highlights . I wrote it to you over a year ago. As my acute disability ( selective memory) seems to 
have been raised as one of your concerns , as a rule I try to memorialize things in writing in an 
attempt to lay out issues that I fear may later turn out to be a problem. ie what i would and 
wouldn't do , - my responsibilities. etc and those things that are not. below you will find details 
of things that I thought needed to be done, so that you wouldn't find yourself in the very place 
where you currently find yourself. however ,you chose to defer many of my suggestions- see below - 
EFTA00812262
--- PAGE 80 ---
,until only weeks ago. ! you chose to defer the jpm acct. the art partnership on and on - into this 
year. and though the 60- 50 40 timber emails all carried with it a clear warning that you needed to do 
something re personnel if it were to stabilize,- you chose to wait. 
ONE YEAR AGO 
Feb 17 2014 i wrote : 
With regard the more pressing issue I am uncertain of just how to proceed. I am torn, as my very 
strong inclination is not to be involved at all. It is extremely time consuming, delicate, fraught with 
many pitfall many that will make you very upset and a major pain in the ass. I wrote you months ago 
that the quality of the people involved need to be upgraded. ( lucky for me these last issues arose 
way before the beginning of my involvement ) I am also aware however of my overarching 
friendship obligations of ok, -given all the complexities who else can do it? problem. 
Your family office needs a daddy. children with good intentions are running around , sniping , 
nitpicking with little direction. As a stopgap measure I am suggesting , we put in Larry Delson to 
take charge Everyone would report to him. Eileen included. He would however work for me. this is 
not, by a long shot my first choice as I prefer only being responsible and standing behind my own 
personal work ( ie the word DONE will no longer be transmitted to reflect status stated by others ) 
With no commitment on my part whatsoever, to do it. So far as I have failed in my attempt 
in trying to think through the problem creatively . My organizations handling of the more complex 
issues I believe you might find very costly, very ! ( however many structures available some risk 
sharing, maybe risk caps ,etc ) but would require my teams doing the work , not yours. Ada should 
be only a trust, grat administrator. not sure what role you prefer for Eileen as you hired her 
initially to oversee investments. whether Rich your controller stays or not, is not urgent. having 
Tom report to a new person,- is. coordination with Suydam Kathy Gregory, I would suggest 
limiting to one person. The increasing public profile needs to be taken into consideration. 
TODAY 
With your acquiesence , Eileen did not report to Delson ( he acting as a conduit directly to me) , 
she continued to provide bad info to both you ( cash flows , stock accts, structures. sales Etc) and 
me and each time with my many annoying calls to you made immediately afterwards that she was 
g 
y !! No one was hired to run YOUR office until two months ago , no one was even 
interviewed and even now , Brad, a very nice man, is not even full time,(crazy ) Hours upon hours 
of time need to be spent training him . and his new staff. Eileen followed your instructions. not 
mine. in fact she continued to ignore mine saying " but Leon said " or " its on Leon's desk etc " 
, You would become frustrated when i pointed out each instance. of her obfuscation. originally 
you were given the clear choice, but to save money ,you chose not to hire my team . I was hired to 
do the architecture, you kept your own team. with Eileen at the head. instructions were given by me, 
, detailed but ignored by her. ( except in the instances where I inserted myself and personally had to 
do the weeks of grunt work ),ex. jpm morgan acct still not in use? That being said, If you do 
the cold calculation ,starting from where you were, to where you are currently . you have made a 
hell of a deal. -- negotiating down my original amount requested , calling upon our friendship 
EFTA00812263
--- PAGE 81 ---
and suggesting that the Carlyn mess was partially my fault. ( though in that specific example , I had 
never been asked to do more than merely provide you the name of the most highly 
recognized any in the field, not consulted,nor even asked again for my guidance along the 
way. ). I accepted the discount as your friend. ( by the way „suggesting now, that your Tom is 
now that last word on tax characterization, frankly is a bit much,-). however - that is all in the past. 
In order to move forward 
I would ask that you realize that very unlike yours, My business is only comprised of my personal 
attention and my personal time . Time that I was forced to grossly overspend on your various issues 
last year. . As you are my very close friend I will not have you participate in a bidding process that 
I have decided i will have this year for my time . (hopefully a more fair way to allocate ) I would 
also ask that you keep in mind that though our deal expired months ago. (also keeping in mind , that 
your understanding of the final payment terms neither reflected the emails or my memory, we 
finished it up your way. ) I have answered every call Brad , joslin, Ada or you, have made . 
reviewed docs over and over/ until once again, I was forced to insert myself strongly as I thought it 
dangerous not to. I made serious dollar and time concessions last year.very serious I am wiling to 
continue to accommodate some of your concerns , but I am, under no circumstances , none, willing 
to spend my time for free. its not fair. After cleaning up Carlyn's mess , which was a few weeks and 
million dollars . We were both highly aware of the dire circumstances in which you found 
yourself last year, and in fact due predominately to its seriousness. and those very circumstances I 
took extra care in our negotiations . (you had claimed I had you over a barrel , ( a horrible position to 
be in with my very close friend.), unfortunately I fear that if you are not cautious ,in the near future, 
another barrel will appear of your own design ) 
I heard you when you said you believed i had already been paid for the work that is now required. 
The art partnership has fully answered all your concerns and discharged all my obligations and more 
so. . ( FYI Carlyns art partnership that you referenced is similar in only its title. ) You will 
also recall that you required that my payments be at the end of my work not at the beginning as 
everyone else's .( my work was never to include hours upon hours of training your staff). I 
eventually agreed, this of course should make clear that the 2014 tax year that will close Oct 
2015 is not covered by our past agreement at all. I pointed this very fact out to you when I initially 
proposed a multi year agreement right out of the box. you said you preferred not. As you said ,I 
have produced results to date, far in excess of even my own exalted opinion of my projections. I 
have devoted a monumental amount of my limited amount of time-- way, way in excess of our 
agreement. I will be fair, I am willing to roll in the amount still outstanding from last year if that 
helps .. However, As my best student , and my only one, you are now capable of doing most, 
if not all, of the required work yourself. I can put my whiteboard away when you come to eat and 
just have fun, trade stories,. share moments ideas etc.. I am of course always available to guide 
you as a friend if you choose that route . always . It will take a great deal of your time , but you will 
not have to spend any more money on mine . 
We are scheduled to meet fri at 430 , I leave at 5 am sat morning. 
EFTA00812264
--- PAGE 82 ---
Date: Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 11:39 AM 
Subject: trying to bridge the gap. 
To: Melanie Spinella 
you were at 30 30/ me at 60 40. . / proposal 50 /25 and in additon I would be allowed to 
recommend 15 from directly from your own foundation. All payments to be made in addtion to 
currently owed. so $40 on april 25 , $30 june 15 ,and the alreadly owed $10 as planned on oct 15. I 
would direct the 15 charity in the next 12 months, and the last 25 to be paid on conclusion. 
leon 
am - Arrival at White Plains / Westchester Airport 
FBO and US customs is "Jet Systems Aviation" 
Adress: 85 Tower Road Hanger E, White Plains, NY, 10604 
Telephone - 914 428 3730 
Date: Wed, Mar 25, 2015 at 11:52 PM 
Subject: previously sent 
To: Melanie Spinella 
I heard you when you said you believed i had already been paid for the work that is now required. The art 
partnership has fully answered all your concerns and discharged all my obligations and more so.. ( 
FYI Carlyns art partnership that you referenced is similar in only its title. ) You will also recall 
that you required that my payments be at the end of my work not at the beginning as everyone else's.( 
my work was never to include hours upon hours of training your staff). I eventually agreed, this of 
course should make clear that the 2014 tax year that will close Oct 2015 is not covered by our past 
agreement at all. I pointed this very fact out to you when I initially proposed a multi year agreement 
right out of the box. you said you preferred not. As you said ,I have produced results to date, far in 
excess of even my own exalted opinion of my projections. I have devoted a monumental amount of 
my limited amount of time-- way, way in excess of our agreement. I will be fair, I am willing to 
roll in the amount still outstanding from last year if that helps .. However, As my best student , and 
my only one, you are now capable of doing most, if not all, of the required work yourself. I can 
put my whiteboard away when you come to eat and just have fun, trade stories,. share moments ideas 
etc.. I am of course always available to guide you as a friend if you choose that route . always . It 
will take a great deal of your time , but you will not have to spend any more money on mine . 
We 
are scheduled to meet fri at 430 , I leave at 5 am sat morning.So there are no surprises 50m for the 
year. . or 30m for until 7/ 15. you can roll the balance for last year as a concession. half up front. no 
more all at the end. ive spoken to brad every day. more questions than answers. joslyn cannot be left 
unsupervised. his answers are knee jerk . eillenn told me this , that the other 
EFTA00812265
--- PAGE 83 ---
Date: Thu, Mar 26, 2015 at 12:07 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella  
fr-" 
you need to build an entire office from scratch. no question that was never my obigation, - systems , 
personel. finance tax, bookeeping„office. complinace. investment. monitoring, banking loans coming 
due , review. gs jpm gs, . . plane boat houses construction , new will, . phaidon sale. you are no further 
ahead today than my nov memo layed out = no real candidates. etc .. III redo the art partnership under 
new restrictions of course at no charge, and review the work done by tom/ joslin. 
joslin you and I should sit. 
you won't like it. AT ALL> he is afraid of telling you the story, as he 
belives brad is your guy and does not want to get fired. 
ada still refusing to share income tax 
opinions based on privilege , not under control at all. ? ? joslin said that murphy is not the cfo, as you 
told me but the coo. and the cfo is the same guy that reported to andrew, mistakes after mistakes not 
picked up by murphy who joslin described as a kind buffoon . he suggested a new ceo or coo who can 
make decisions. someone with some financail experience. he asked for a chief decision maker. 50 for 
year roll in money owed . 30 till july , most up front needed 
Date: Tue, Mar 31, 2015 at 3:25 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella  
fr-" 
Nov of 13 : I told you tom Eileen and Ralph were not up to the job, you disagreed very vocally 
and strongly , " Ralph wrote the book, Tom has been doing it for 15 years and Eileen ran the trading 
desk at Morgan Stanley. " Ada who had been working on all your documents for years while at the bank 
had been brought in- house but created more issues that didn't exist. and phaidon was its own animal 
EFTA00812266
--- PAGE 84 ---
Dec 13. you were again annoyed that i said that they needed to be replaced and said "i was talking out of 
both sides of my mouth." first time ( email available) 
Jan 14, you decided that no third year was necessary for my help. and i told you i thought that unwise 
and even suggested giving you an option at 40 m so there would be no tension 
Mar 14, I told you that to do the job right , my team would need to do it. not yours it would not be 
inexpensive, but it would get done properly, you chose not to do itand said lets wait and see 
April 14. We agreed to clean up various past mess.with the end of my work OCT 15th only then 
would i get paid.. urged JPM ( first of 14 reminders) 
GS and db accounts to be set up in order to bring your financial structure into the 21 century 
July 26 , I came to bens party, said new people needed to be hired, keep Eileen till end of year, and Ada 
till march, you suggested getting ada out earlier 
oct structured the art partnership , but you wanted to wait until you fully understood 
ramifications formed the doc in dec to have it in 14, 
nov/ dec 14 I told you I considered my work complete separate from art partnership. gave list of things to 
do. 
three months of you and your high school friend , trying to build a house with little of the relenavt 
experience. its silly . still no accurate numbers accounting , charts, etc 
jan 15, I told you joslin cannot hire people, has not so for more than 5 years, former job in a public 
accounting firm. 
april 15 . no senior accountant even in the wings. joslin talking about reaching out to hire the 
only person he knew( worked in the past with dagazsitno ) and i interviewed 15 months ago. and 
rejected. low level . He does not want to hire himself out of a job, spoke to brad last night he wants a 
coo so that he does not feel demoted 
your choice!, ( brad maybe does have insight - to your credit, might have been right when he said-
jeffrey you should realize this is only about leon not wanting to pay more money , ( i ignored his 
summary , along with his comments on the risk of fracturing 
summary 
EFTA00812267
--- PAGE 85 ---
I can either do it for you or not. if i do it it means finding hiring organizeing, structuring reviewing re 
negotiating, bring in my team under my control not brads. . stop -gap accounting - my people getting the 
books software and procedure in shape. setting up the various brokerage and bank accounts and 
rationalizing them, organizing Melanie, TPS , house, and all the intra family notes 
outstanding, overseeing the phaidon mess.maybe sale re do some of estate given the new 
circumstances. etc. I've responded to every brad question , given him first lessons , not a good use of 
my time or his. he should administrate, follow up, have signing authority instead of eileen, ( AFTER 
rationalized accounts ). holding a position of trust. ONLY 
talk whenever you like, NO STRESS , Mort had a skiing accident and sultan not fully comp es 
mentes. no stress please for either of us . both of our reserves which are not insubstantial , can use a 
break 
Date: Tue, Apr 7, 2015 at 4:29 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella < 
agenda for tomorrow. 
building an office from scratch. who does it. ? so far little or no progress in real terms. 
. brad should remain and can administrate. follow up methodically, . has no idea of corrrect questions 
to ask. or understanding of family office issues. procedures checlks and balances. etc 
.. consultants , diana goldner foundtaion woman?. office . focus . 
2. without strong , very stroung direction, joslin will not make it. does not know where to focus. who 
to respond to. and how. unfortunately now getting more and more answers like the powers that be , want 
it that way.?? 
3. the priority list is still virtually the same , since dec. . accounting system. redone from scratch. etc. 
. it will take 9 months. at a minimum now. . an outsider brought in when everything is clean , including 
phaidon, notes. eileen. banks, jpm db, bam, etc. 
disposition, of Phaidon. art space regan etc.( ressler??) . sale of boat. plane . art , stock, 
investments, athene? etc, tra, brh. 
. new IT . complex. household . payroll insurance . recurring bills. 
estate modification given new circunstances and altered probablities. ( use etc ) 
charity, new trusts,!!d IPI< harvard . fees, 
I spoke to brad and made him aware of all my concerns and propsals to move forward. 
for help 
he is desperate 
EFTA00812268
--- PAGE 86 ---
Date: Tue, Apr 14, 2015 at 11:53 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
saved you 500k at the last minute, . brad has had the same chart since march 16th, its his job to 
review NOT MINE .appears he is one of those living in the dark leiwe. I found 8 million dollars today, 
missed deductions. . not yet in the numbers, .? 
Date: Tue, Apr 21, 2015 at 1:10 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
emblematic of my frustration and ,in the end what I believe is a waste of our time energy money and 
resources. is the very simple question of bidco bank accounts. 4 months ago I asked the question , does 
it have a bank account and if so , who has authority, where is it located and what transacations ran 
through it. it is only one question out of hundreds that need to be answered. hundreds. . you asked that 
i not behave like Zeus and try to explain why I want need certain things. since i said to placate 
Brad's inquisitive ness and his desire to learn I said a filing might be required. instead of merely getting 
me the answer. he has talked to joslin paul weiss , you , you wanted to ask brad karp. ( maybe a filing 
that reopened things, ) 
none of this as a practical matter has any influence upon the ultimate action taken . I merely needed to 
know a simple answer. and today after asking at least every week since then do not have an answer . I 
have been trying not to add stress to your day. i try to explain things and take the time to do so gently, ( 
not my forte . this is one question out of hundreds. the fact that a 21 year old was in the office 
only xeroxing for a month, was obvious to everyone in the office. having a 26 year old xeroxing 
instead doesnt move us forward, answers first. copying old files. can wait. 
Date: Wed, Apr 22, 2015 at 1:56 PM 
Subject: another flowery email. 
To: Melanie Spinella 
I am sorry. I realize you are under tremendous stress, In Bedford you asked me for my help I could not 
have been more clear that thought it very unwise as in my words I did not want any financial arrangment 
between us, it risked conflict and tension what neither of us needed more of. and did not want to risk 
torturing our friendship into the likes of the kind you have with Mark nor Josh, : now,- I dont have 
anyone but you yelling at me , in my own house. no one. it is highly unpleasant but I am trying my best 
to be understanding . sorry . From the outset and as you told me you recall. i tsuggested that three 
years should be the period of engagment. as planning is not a one year excericse . you declined to 
commit to a number of alternatives presented to you for payment of the third year. I told you in nov that 
you should decide whether to now sign on for that very third year as the vast majority of my work ended 
EFTA00812269
--- PAGE 87 ---
on oct 15. you recently told me you thought i was kidding. .you hired brad patting him on the back that 
after months of inquiry he can now, finality tell you which Ilc owns the cars?? 
once he has all the facts what next ??. whether or not you refer to a portion of the third year as after 
care, or whatever term besides 'scoundrel you choose to use, I m not sure why you assume now it should 
be free.( I HATE THIS CONVERSATION < HATE , ) and i heard you when you said you told me what 
was I work still to be done you thought valuable enough to pay for. please tell me . and then we can 
decide the next steps „, if any. I consider my work rarefied art. I guess the value is in the eye of the 
beholder . IT reminds me of those people looking at a modem art piece and saying " my child could do 
that " . hope you are feeling better. 
Date: Fri, May 1, 2015 at 12:50 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
ada and brad are respondbile for the loan ,. docs, at a minimum , leon he hasn't read the financial 
statements SINCE DEC. !!. impossible ,had he done so the silly numbers jump off the page . ( sent in 
another email ). it is a financial office., 190 million sitting unused in CASH , budget and planning 
person for what , its not a publice co. ? townhouse construciton , household operations, boat, 
plane, taxes, we went through this with the cash flow. you and i know approx how much each will cost. 
its a week job not a fulll time one- ada has no lien copies. none. ?! impossible not to know , ask, 
quesiton? two senior accountants CPA s. not the 75k girl that they hired, . IT professional backed by 
a firm. high quality,can we tap apollo resources? new lawyer , heather level . new receptionist, and 
bookeeper. get rid of ava. next could be new office ,new furniture „ the whole place reeks of cheap. IT 
IS MAY< I have not been asked to interview one person to date. not one. having cpas in there 
tomrrow woudl go a long way. i dont understand the time line, coo first. ? in by july?? cpas in by sept 
. tax return due oct 15. ? 
Date: Fri, May 1, 2015 at 2:36 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella
I know that both you and I heard brads'. im out of here if i dont get a coo. . sorry,. i know that neither of 
us have stood in the way of his finding/ gettting one.. JPM account DB account GS account, ??? its 
MAY 1. nothing in the first quarter and these are only papers that need signing. 
I suggest your thinking on my role and compensation for my work might benefit , from a mental shift -
think mark and josh, without the mutual resentment ( HAHA) only in terms of sharing ,thanks, 
I am 
and have been your financial partner i.. rectifying circumstances that appear in hind 
sight unexplainable. 
I wish you woudl have asked me earllier to review your things , but i 
understand. I do know that soley as a result of my actions your personal bottom 
EFTA00812270
--- PAGE 88 ---
line has increased dramatically, if you had thought of me as your partner in this endeavor , instead of 
an employee, i think your reaction to sharing t benefits would be different. 
If you recall, you wanted me to be paid , unlike others at the END of my work. we discussed this ad 
nauseum, and agreed OCT 15, last year was the end . You had wanted more comfort initially on the art 
partnership so that date was delayed. It has now been six monhts since then, your concept of aftercare . 
. for free. was already unique , in your words this has to have an end.( weaned ) if the actions of josh 
and mark led to one hundred million dollars , what would be their share. 
Im not sure why it is 
different in your mind. but i respect the fact that it is, Is it because their work seems harder. it cannot 
be simply because they devote more time to you .or it appears to involve more effort. I am happy to 
continue to play a partnership role. as I have been in many areas of your life. . I am also happy to move 
on and have no more of these emails. I find them as tedious as you do . if you prefer a partnership 
structure , ok with me, I tried to minimize the amount of money i would recieve by making it a flat fee . 
as i wanted you to feel good and have no second thoguths somehow if the payment comes from a 
partnership structure you seem relaxed as opposed to writing a check, I focus on trust and friendship 
first, and the fact that you don't include josh and mark in that category, gives me great pause . I 
proposed 33 percent of money made for you.. in the past you agreed that amount. it will be huge, but 
ok with me, I can talk today at 945 as you suggested. or if you woudl rather over the weekend ok 
Date: Fri, May 1, 2015 at 7:08 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Picasso agreement - question 
To: Melanie Spinella < 
silly 
Date: Fri, May 1, 2015 at 12:27 PM 
Subject: Picasso agreement - question 
To: Brad Wechsler 
<jeevacation@gmail.com>
Brad and Jeffrey, 
>, "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation(tdgmail.com)"
Gagosian has one final change to the Picasso agreement. As you know, we have structured this 
agreement with the Buyer as either Narrows Holdings LLC or AP Narrows LP, and given both of those 
entities the right to assign the agreement to any one among Leon, Debra, the kids, or family trusts 
including APO1 and APO2. 
Gagosian wants us to agree that, if Narrows/AP Narrows assigns the agreement to someone else, 
Narrows/AP Narrows "shall not be discharged from its liabilities under this Agreement and 
shall remain primarily liable to Seller." Larry is concerned that we might assign to the 
EFTA00812271
--- PAGE 89 ---
Black kids or to a trust that has no assets, and then when he has to sue us because we 
don't make the final payment of the purchase price but have possession of the art, the 
entity/person to which we have assigned the agreement has no money. 
I think this is a valid concern and that we should agree to it. 
However, Ada just reminded me that it is possible that Narrows/AP Narrows (really, 
Leon's) agreeing to effectively guarantee payment by the assignee might be considered 
a gift to the assignee. In the discussions with Alan about rearranging the bank loan once AP 
Narrows is operational, Alan agreed that there could be deemed to be a potential gift from Leon to 
APOI/APO2 if Leon provides a guarantee to the bank that is for the benefit of the trusts as partners in AP 
Narrows. Alan suggested mitigating this risk by having the trusts sign side agreements with Leon which 
say that if AP Narrows defaults on the loan and the bank goes after Leon on his guarantee, the trusts will 
make him whole. 
This issue only arises if we assign the agreement. The risk is also limited in time because it would run 
from the moment we assigned the agreement until the final payment is made, which even if we assigned 
immediately after signing, would only be 11 1/2 months. 
Shall I agree to Gagosian's request that Narrows/AP Narrows remain liable even if they assign the 
agreement? 
I'm in the office if you would like to discuss this, but I would love to get back to Gagosian ASAP so we 
can have this agreement signed today. 
Thanks, 
Heather 
Date: Mon, May 11, 2015 at 3:08 PM 
Subject: 
To: Brad Wechsler 
Melanie Spinella < 
Richard Joslin 
>, Ada Clapp 
lets look at funding the art partnership begin with 100 m of unencumbered art. plus 20 inveestment. and 
the same amoiunt of value from trust. leon should choose b trustee and begin to use mechanics. . later 
we can amend and add . 
hire an IT person asap 
3.1 would hire jerry the woman. gittis. person 
.1 will find a subpart k person to handle partnership acct 
, accounting software upgrade, onlilne banking needs to be seamless 
EFTA00812272
--- PAGE 90 ---
6. not sure status of bringing plane boat acct inhouse? 
prepare fbar report for june. draft next week 
pahidon actuals vs projections. . new valuation 
. new valuation of tra contract? 
jpm db goldman sachs acct? new 1Ic? 
review of dec 31 books for all entities? bfp . etc 
Date: Wed, May 13, 2015 at 3:04 PM 
Subject: Fwd: jobs ahead 
To: Melanie Spinella 
the list that we discussed.. i spent time with brad again. re the candidates . filing due, this week, next 
month, . 
Date: Sun, Dec 28, 2014 at 5:18 AM 
Subject: jobs ahead 
To: Brad Wechsler 
H, Melanie Spinella 
H, Ada Clapp 
1. review accounting system. Book keeping softaware. staff, ( senior accountant ) methods on line 
banking, brokerage. cash mgmt. airplane reimbursement. boat sale. art purchases sales use and sales tax. 
tax filings FEAR FATCA, gaming commsion, pfics, insurance . uk co law. 
2. review docs for TRA BRH gnats, trusts, heritage will, insurance, art lending. medical, springing 
powers. two fire drill books. one needed for injury. other for death 
review bills . boats , planes, legal, ( PW, McFarlands all outside. legal and accounting. Toms bills 
over 400k . house projects. south ny ben 
cashflow projections tax projections , interaction with Apollo accounting tax, Phaidon ,art space ,and 
Regan. legal accounting. audit 
5. children meetings , review to date and allocations 
review all role in payables. files scanned, no paper 
review invesmtents for tax basis and unrecognized gain 
EFTA00812273
--- PAGE 91 ---
schedule of all hedge funds . redeemables commitments etc. 
charities pledges strucutre, staff , 
Date: Mon, May 18, 2015 at 2:17 PM 
Subject: agenda for tomorrrow 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>, Melanie Spinella 
as a reflection on your voiced spirited concerns in the what have you done for me lately category ? 
)):: . in the beginning . there was eileen and torn. ( eve and adam,-- however it appears, she declined 
to eat the apple from the knowledge tree) 
. that was it. ada was at the bank but reviewing docs. carlyn was in the kitchen making mush ( abel 
and cain) 
books as they were mystersiously called was being kept soley by eileen, with little or no input 
,correction or advice from tom. herarely if ever asked questions. expenses ie 
airplane was done in 
house apollo. (1031 exchange blown etc) at this time 
as I recall you got quite annoyed, and agressive and initiated the" talking out of the both sides of your 
mouth " tiddy, when i suggested that the level of their competence left much to be desired. ( ralph 
lemees came later ) .response - eileen ran the desk, tom is a partner, ralph wrote the book etc 
re tax there was almost no oversight of income, estate, gift ,sales and use, transfer excise etc . IRS 
SEC GAMING NYS. real estate, valuations ( many )tax 
filings- disclosures, etc. re grats trusts defect 
trusts, llcs corps , trustees , partnerships. foreign corps. 100 bank accounts. gift taxes, loans, notes. 
payables. expenses.. , insurance.( life , art, split dollar), cashflows, operating biz, investments, 
contingent liabilitiites.( funds , miami ) , commitments dividends, BRH TRA, shareholder agreements, 
bank loan agreements. wills, construction,  contracts planning permits etc..employ rules. checking 
account reconciliations, crediti cards. jewelry , cost basis ,( art stock etc.) foundations regs , brokerage 
accts, old stock certificates. stock options,( environmental solutions still not done !). estate tax 
calcualtion firedrill, ( note ,basis etc ) low basis , step ups , however with no accounting system, no 
reveiw of boat expenses plane expenses etc.. many outside counsel with litle or no coordination. 
Paul Weisss , Mcdermit Will, Macfarlanes. Price Waterhouse , Reich, withers bergman, Empire, akin 
gump, bbd seidman, Wendy , Apollo in house . 
lumber, knowledge universe, ennvironmental, solutions 12 mii in stock, . on and on 
the priority list that you asked me to prepare for brad and you in dec , unfortunatlleyso far , little 
change ie no accounting system that ties, no, brokerage accounts though strongly suggested , jpm db, 
gs, april of 2014 . IT antiquated 
dagastino hired , no inut from me, julie, temps, paralegals miriam . etc. 
EFTA00812274
--- PAGE 92 ---
still need new accounting system - on line banking . staff hires. ( seprate from samantha two years out 
of school ). audit system, . ?? john murphy? joslin? dag? eva? . i strongly suggest workers at the highest 
level of competence. two senior accountants. not managers workers who will get into the weeds. partn 
expertise,  replace ava, get heather help. a new person legal , new IT,system and person, way way 
overdue, new receptionist, bill opener, ability to oeversee 
in house, boat plane review household ( 12million ) review, filings- partnerhip accounting,- familitarity 
with grats, trusts etc . audit system put in place. that should be the easy part. then strategy to deal with 
: As new facts on the ground develop , phaidon debra, children meeetings, ? stock sale sale of art„ 
apt( large gain ), 1031 trade in , plane depreciation, boat sale. construction , brad will oversee brokerage 
and investment, ?? pe. real es, . publishing, grats, tra, brh ( death). foundation , museum, tax proejctions 
cash flow projections, cooridnation with tax from apollo. etc 
Date: Fri, May 29, 2015 at 2:53 AM 
Subject: ulysses 2.0 
To: Melanie Spinella 
I realize it is only due to a lack of understanind of the job ahead. and not out of any sense of 
unwillingess to pay 
- as opposed to merely hiring people to set up a family office, someone will have to do the 
following- separate from the art partnership which is my responsiblity . there still needs to be a huge 
amount of work done for 2015,16. not to mention that brad at the moment is going to have train the 
incoming team?? your call 
strategic decisions re estate and other planning , sale of phaidon etc. . in addition setting up for the 
accounting for each strategy ie.: 
income, estate, gift ,sales and use, transfer excise picasso, 1031 calder. . review and detailed 
oversite of IRS SEC GAMING NYS. real estate, entity valuations ( many ) tax filings-
disclosures, follow up of grats, trusts ,defective trusts, Ilcs corps , trustees , partnerships. 
foreign corps. 100 bank account need to be rationalized, not only having brad step in to children 
investments . gift taxes, trust , loans, notes. payables. expenses allocations . . , insurance.( life , 
art, split dollar), cashflows, operating biz, investments, contingent liabilitiites.( funds , miami ) , 
commitments funds and charities , dividend treatment -important review of transcations relating 
to BRH ( amendments) TRA sale ( nuanced ) , shareholder agreements, bank loan agreements new 
bank relationships. . wills, construction accounting and oversite , contracts planning 
permits etc..employee rules, regs, . checking account reconciliations, crediti cards. jewelry , cost 
basis ,( art stock etc.) foundations regs , brokerage accts, . stock options,( ie environmental 
solutions still not done !). estate tax calcualtion firedrill, ( note ,basis etc ) review of boat expenses 
plane expenses, depreciation issues refunds etc. . rationalize all outside counsels and accounting 
firms 
EFTA00812275
--- PAGE 93 ---
Paul Weisss , Mcdermit Will, Macfarlanes. Price Waterhouse , Reich, withers bergman, Empire„ 
akin gump, bbd seidman,  Apollo in house counsel. 
set up and oversee brokerage accounts at JPM DB GS and thoughfullly trade 
. new IT system from top to bottom full time IT person 
new accounting system - on- line banking cooridnated with reports . fire drills as per caruci ( he 
sounds good ) and . audit system,s . review of john murphy? joslin? dag? eva? . 
in house, review household ( 12million ) review, filings- partnerhip accounting,- familitarity with 
grats, trusts etc . audit system put in place. that should be the easy part. then strategy re: 
As new facts on the ground develop , phaidon debra, children meeetings, involvment , 
trustees adjusted, stock sale sale of art, apt( large gain ), 1031 trade in , plane depreciation, boat 
sale. construction , brad will oversee brokerage and investment, ?? pe?. real estate?, . 
publishing, grats, tra, brh ( death). foundation , museum, tax proejctions cash flow projections, 
cooridnation with tax from apollo. etc 
you are sitting on over 100 m of cash???!! 
Subject: Re: we're calling the sales tax guy at 6:30 pm - I'll come to your office 
To: Richard Joslin  
>, Brad Wechsler <1 
>, Heather Gray 
sorry but this is emblematic of the silliness that appears to continue.  
 1. How can we ask for a 
legal opinion when it is crystal clear that we don't yet have accurate facts or numbers , f. 2 Invoices 
have not been reviewed! corporate structure is convoluted and unexplored in detail. ( was the boat captain 
on the call?) 3 Paul weiss is the attny , and should be charged with getting us info. . 4. Bringing in yet 
another outside lawyer without full vetting and consideration, a waste of time energy and money. . 5. 
ex. what is the location of charters shown on the invoice? do you know. . ? if th invoices are 
incorrect, does that give us any comfort in trying to defend an audit.. I saw three invoices only, and 
each had a different owner or address .. 
Date: Mon, May 18, 2015 at 8:17 AM 
Subject: agenda for tomorrrow 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>, Melanie Spinella
as a reflection on your voiced spirited concerns in the what have you done for me lately category ? 
)):: . in the beginning . there was eileen and tom. ( eve and adam,-- however it appears, she declined 
to eat the apple from the knowledge tree) 
. that was it. ada was at the bank but reviewing docs. carlyn was in the kitchen making mush ( abel 
and cain) 
EFTA00812276
--- PAGE 94 ---
books as they were mystersiously called was being kept soley by eileen, with little or no input 
,correction or advice from tom. herarely if ever asked questions. expenses ie 
airplane was done in 
house apollo. (1031 exchange blown etc) at this time 
as I recall you got quite annoyed, and agressive and initiated the" talking out of the both sides of your 
mouth " tiddy, when i suggested that the level of their competence left much to be desired. ( ralph 
lemer's came later ) .response - eileen ran the desk, torn is a partner, ralph wrote the book etc 
re tax there was almost no oversight of income, estate, gift ,sales and use, transfer excise etc . IRS 
SEC GAMING NYS. real estate, valuations ( many )tax 
filings- disclosures, etc. re grats trusts defect 
trusts, llcs corps , trustees , partnerships. foreign corps. 100 bank accounts. gift taxes, loans, notes. 
payables. expenses.. , insurance.( life , art, split dollar), cashflows, operating biz, investments, 
contingent liabilitiites.( funds , miami ) , commitments dividends, BRH TRA, shareholder agreements, 
bank loan agreements. wills, construction,  contracts planning permits etc..employ rules. checking 
account reconciliations, crediti cards. jewelry , cost basis ,( art stock etc.) foundations regs , brokerage 
accts, old stock certificates. stock options,( environmental solutions still not done !). estate tax 
calcualtion firedrill, ( note ,basis etc ) low basis , step ups , however with no accounting system, no 
reveiw of boat expenses plane expenses etc.. many outside counsel with litle or no coordination. 
Paul Weisss , Mcdermit Will, Macfarlanes. Price Waterhouse , Reich, withers bergman, Empire, akin 
gump, bbd seidman, Wendy , Apollo in house . 
lumber, knowledge universe, ennvironmental, solutions 12 mii in stock, . on and on 
the priority list that you asked me to prepare for brad and you in dec , unfortunatlleyso far , little 
change ie no accounting system that ties, no, brokerage accounts though strongly suggested , jpm db, 
gs, april of 2014 . IT antiquated 
dagastino hired , no inut from me, julie, temps, paralegals miriam . etc. 
still need new accounting system - on line banking . staff hires. ( seprate from samantha two years out 
of school ). audit system, . ?? john murphy? joslin? dag? eva? i strongly suggest workers at the highest 
level of competence. two senior accountants. not managers workers who will get into the weeds. partn 
expertise„ replace ava, get heather help. a new person legal , new IT,system and person, way way 
overdue, new receptionist, bill opener, ability to oeversee 
in house, boat plane review household ( 12million ) review, filings- partnerhip accounting,- familitarity 
with grats, trusts etc . audit system put in place. that should be the easy part. then strategy to deal with 
: As new facts on the ground develop , phaidon debra, children meeetings, ? stock sale sale of art„ 
apt( large gain ), 1031 trade in , plane depreciation, boat sale. construction , brad will oversee brokerage 
and investment, ?? pe. real es, . publishing, grats, tra, brh ( death). foundation , museum, tax proejctions 
cash flow projections, cooridnation with tax from apollo. etc 
Date: Tue, Jun 30, 2015 at 12:23 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
EFTA00812277
--- PAGE 95 ---
1.1 believe I have heard you , but i wanted to make certain that I have understood 
Though after much discussion ,- much! you were adamant that i receive my fee only at the very END 
of my work, oct 15 , this was a long discussion but you felt very strongly at the time . you now feel that 
as it was a very large sum of money . some of my time this year should be spent on 
your recent concept of "after care ". - and that after care should be for free . I have continued to pay 
others as well. 
I have asked and you have previously said you would lay out for me what you thought was encompassed 
by the concept. that was end of january Training brad?? who was your choice . not mine ,by a long 
shot. only brought on in January? ? hundreds of hours spent . eileen debrief? 2. boat. plane 
household ex[penses. personal review? , trying to create accurate ledgers of capital expenses . so to 
minimize future gain.? 3. phaidon - review from head to toe? though we agreed many times in the past 
this was not my responsbility, 4. overseeing the opening of trading accts. proposed and sent over first 
does in april of 14. .5. art partnership.? we agreed though the draft was sent in sept14 . and still not 
done though little different from first draft. . 6 picasso contract? 7 art sale 1031 8 airplane review? 
9. IT system implementation. ? tra brh sec gaming Comm, foerign filing , tax, disclosure. fondation 
returns. ? planning for 16? not sure . 10. insurane review with josh? stock sale prep. ? filing ? 
I am available by phone. you mentioned my travel schedule ----last yea,r I canceled three European trips 
and two to seatle , none to my benefit. 
I have been consistant , I dont have any new proposal , do you ? though i am" complicated" , I have no 
intention of trying to convince you of value, its silly , 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
i think if I have correctly deciphered your sophisticated code -
should represent -drool 
Date: Tue, Mar 3, 2015 at 5:18 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Melanie Spinella
lets set a time to speak today if possible . 30 minutes or so. my schedule is tight 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Mon, Sep 21, 2015 at 6:36 PM 
Subject: agenda for today 5 pm? 
To: Melanie Spinella < 
, Brad S Karp
1. put someone on asap to ascertain if she is still in london. 2. set up conference will uk criminal and uk 
counsel. a give them more facts. 3. choose method of message delivery. 
my choice. - two highly 
respected former ---- fill in the blank, immigration, scotland yard. sfo. . who may knock on her door 
and present the terms. 4 if not. an alternative method. 5. Is it possible to find out if she has gone to 
EFTA00812278
--- PAGE 96 ---
authorities? tabloid lawyer. 6. have the same types of individuals availble in new york if she decides to 
return as stated.. i prefer former fbi, or immigration one man one woman. . 7 from opening a DA 
investigation to arrest. how long? 8 , can we open a file in either jurisdiction, and maintain 
confidentiality. 
Date: Mon, Sep 21, 2015 at 6:48 PM 
Subject: Re: agenda for today 5 pm? 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Cc: Brad S Karp < 
I think that Melanie should set up a separate email account for this correspondence. she currently is on 
an apollo server. 
There is not even a good solution . all have substantial risks. we are dealing with a 
wholly unpredictable and bad minded person. I and Brad can only make suggestions/actions each less 
than stellar. - that being said 
we should do our best to have all the facts . options etc. and to distinguish 
fact from opionion As the consequences of any decision is likely to have some very bad parts , Leon 
needs to be cognizant of as much as the downside as we can adequately foresee. 
Date: Wed, Sep 23, 2015 at 12:07 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
jan 2 of this year 
Date: Fri, Jan 2, 2015 at 2:55 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Leon, I decided last week that there was little or no upside in disturbing your well earned holiday 
especiaily as you seemed so peaceful happy and smiley ,getting yourself in shape and truly 
enjoying your family time. etc. however the situation in your family office is unresolved. I am aware that 
brad starts monday howver, two last days of the year madness. timber.deal not complete no jpm,acct 
activity no partnership docs , old stock sales not complete , no bank doc redo. no phaidon note 
restructure, ., no boat expense review. airplane same ,topco midco.etc still not finished ( trustee ) 
, projections mixed with fiction. , legal exp out of control. no care for admin, silly ( audit). tom 
conversation with joslin. notes. debra, trustee notes. trustees hiring . bens audit. interest 
payable made hoopjumping last day of year. after weeks and months. of lectures , gifts to discuss-
staff. -houseproject mgmt.. I will continue to try , I had offered ajoint call with eileen before you 
left. as i said before , joslin takes instructions from eileen. he said it was made clear to him that he 
doesn't work for me but works for you. . I tried. 
EFTA00812279
--- PAGE 97 ---
Date: Tue, Sep 29, 2015 at 8:39 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella • 
Jeffrey 
Brad Wechsler is asking if you could meet for a half hour with him and Rich Joslin to discuss Use Tax 
Refund. Below are available dates/times...below that is your schedule. OK for me to schedule in?: 
NO sorry not until i hear from leon 
leon. to be fair, I had sent the first note to you one year ago . stating that my work would come to an 
end on oct 15. that day had meaning as everything would be closed. you asked that i continue to help 
brad. as of nov though he would officially start in Jan. I said ok, but 
 " you told me to continue as 
we would work something out" I told you my fee then was 40 . feb you came with ben while kathy 
ruemmler was here. and said next week, debra got bad news. and I quickly prioritzed not adding stress 
to your situation. I wont regurgitate the interim, though millions of dollars were saved since. millions.. 
it is now one year later and you propose 10 million , plus a contingent fee . I have said that i would 
work with you , and if contingent and a percentage of something. I strongly believe that is not in your 
interest. I continue to put our friendship first and dont want you to write a check for over 100million 
andthe i will have to listen to lewie for the next few years. but if you prefer over my objection a 
percentage deal then it should be of all savings not just phaidon. ( a random concept) . The idea that i 
am somehow even marginally responsible for neither you nor heather , ever telling me that there was an 
unresolved issue, though you said you had been pinged a number of times is emblematic . 
I can do a call with you and Karp. anytime you like today, but i can assure you 100 percent that there is 
no light between our positions. ZERO. and he is ready to do his best to try to explain it to you. 
Date: Thu, Oct 1, 2015 at 11:03 PM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Melanie Spinella • 
to refresh your recollection, as 4 states. 40 a year for three years. as i said today. . the other was in 
addtion as you recall. 
Date: Thu, Apr 11, 2013 at 4:02 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella • 
1. 80 percent of contracted job is accomplished, now drafting ,signing and few critical decisions on your 
part still await , will fill in nec blanks, 1, how much of upside to kids. , 2, protections . 3 allocations. 4. 
charitiable, inventory, securities, 
EFTA00812280
--- PAGE 98 ---
.to engage the second phase if you so choose , and considering there is only 8 more to be paid this 
year in oct , for the job now almost completed, total of 23. that was agreed only for history fix. 
3. with the necessary proprietary protections , proposal is for first year only an additional 17 . making it 
, but full year balance on signing , ie 25. takes care of 2013 
, moving forward , 40 per year ,( approx 1 percent ) for three years, to be credited against an agreed 
formula. Im open to suggestions total approx 120 for new workover 3 years , benefits to you over the 
next 20. 
, can consider interests other than cash as payment. ? 
6. need to speak re , bankers, valuations, mechanics and their continued importance. 
Date: Fri, Oct 16, 2015 at 4:38 AM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella  
Office, 
- ada goes. , hire heather a paralegal . 
Joslin goes or is closely managed by new cfo with 
tax experience. . castrucii goes asap.as he merely adds to mess.( too many people , ex 7 people or 
more to pay a bill ) eva goes. outsource as much as possible. . bookkeeping systems built from 
scratch, airplane restructure, boat . same, new grats. phaidon sale , decide on artspace 
survivability, regan, . do the kids really want these? , children accounting ie bens house.etc. re do 
estate for new facts. redo loans, trading accounts activity, . gaming -foreign- disclosures. . BRH 
TRA re thinks . household and construction architects. . redone. art partnership , choice of 
paintings. . re do structure of consultants. tax re family office. . decide if investments are a realistic 
option in the next three years.. insurance. operations. airplane , etc. . art foundation , private . max 
charity contributions. financial reports. still waiting. ? on line banking, . tax planning, family office 
deductions ( profit center ) . airplane certificate, redone jet aviation redo. . 
paper gigi ( E )trust to 
avoid gift tax.. 
today is Oct 15 
With your full knowledge I paid out 8 mil to my staff before june, . so i guess I can safely assume that 
after consideration of all the things I did for the entire past year separate and apart from your unique free 
"after care" concept. , what you thought was ultimately fair was the contribution of 5 million to 
a foundation and a total of 2 million dollars to me. 
Date: Fri, Oct 16, 2015 at 1:08 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella  
I think you should consider the fact that your family office will be the most central component of what 
you leave to your children , wife heirs. it is the core of your assets. your art might be sold. your houses 
EFTA00812281
--- PAGE 99 ---
may lie empty, the apollo stock could be sold. you will pass on your office , . it will be the primary 
player in your estate tax. probate, transition. Brad has taken it from a D minus to a C minus, If I were 
you I would set the goal of an A. just like your paintings. . Like a house you could attempt to renovate 
it. it will take more time and money . or . in essence as I suggested in dec of 13, start from 
scratch. 
A financail head of office. - brad could move to being richards replacment as trustee. . barry 
cohen would be perfect but carries the trustee taint now. . take a tax partner from a major firm. to 
replace joslin, cost 1 + mil . keep heather and ssmantha.. bring in full time IT person. ASAP . your 
lighting contractor in your new townhouse has better IT than your multi billlion dollar antique 
opersation. data breaches are not your concern. precision is.. either re do the office layout . or get 
enterly new space. the proposals to focus on following on a monthly basis the values of all your current 
investments is an example of misplaced prioirties. . Your office is the heart of the familys financial life 
and temp future, 
it needs a heart operation 
Date: Mon, Oct 19, 2015 at 5:10 PM 
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Radical but my preferred idea. . START from total scratch. there is absolutely nothing worth 
keeping in your family office except for heather , nothing at all . I remember when i bought my first 
house in order to renovate and jack robertson said forget it. knock it down start again, I could • 
believe it. but he was right. Like your tax returns that were done in triplicate. TOM RICH 
ALAN. . tom and rich were not really useful in the end. Alan was the only smart one. you should in 
my opinion Start a brand new office. hire cfo. bring joe over. heather and samantha, 
run 
parallel for 6 months and close down the mess of elysium forever. leave your kids a functioning 
operation professionally constructed and managed. NOT BY ME!!! 
LAst nov i laid out priorities IT , being the first nothing as of today. 
in July I said focus on 
airplane as a test . to examine procedure and proficiency, so far mostly a waste of resources time 
people etc. Only last week told debra owns 49 percent of plane. no IT to speak of. bens 
house unaccounted for. tax returns very very sloppy, . boat still argued as third home. . pilots 
bonuses? , structure unkown by all. cash sidling at the same time loans outstanding. 
Phaidon , looks like close to breakeven in a few years. others totally unknown. 
Query , do you 
really want this ? : I m not sure how you both want to have an investment office and have cash flow 
being eaten by publishing and loans amounts outstanding increased by art. --interest rates will be 
going up.- . your plane will cost 10 million to refinance - so will boat if sold next year-. art space 
and regan , both needs more cash. with little return, taxes , art purchases . Part of radical solutition 
is to sell publishing.altogether. (are the children really interested.) . restrucuture plane from 
scratch. layers unncessary. simplify crazy structure s bank accounts trading accounts accounts 
payble. credit cards. etc. The best way to wean yourself away from me is to have someone else do 
the whole thing from scratch. . move brad to be the replacement for Richard. . he is nice but this is 
not what he does. Him saying it is s0000 fucked up to me , was only an echo of me sayint it to 
you. . 
EFTA00812282
--- PAGE 100 ---
Subject: 
To: Melanie Spinella 
as brad can attest , I spent time today with joslin, joe. etc. 
no question at all, a failed experiment. In 
the words of a banker that made a call on your office. what happened? leon seems to have replaced 
Eillenn with a team of Shleppers. ? I know you care little for what they may think , but the legacy you 
leave your kids is just that. you only have 60 days of planning left for this year. numbers are all over 
the place. 
I recieved a nice call from Karp today, . He touted me as a great friend to you. I am happy to be just 
that. . He said it was important for me to tell you what others won't. 
Keep heather, fire EVERYONE 
else. 
Date: Mon, Oct 26, 2015 at 1:10 PM 
Subject: CONSTRUCTIVE? 
To: Brad Wechsler < 
k Melanie Spinella 
1). 
cash flow projections for 16. . draft ok. i will be easy. i need rought projection. 2. phaidon chart 
laid out now with who signs in sale of shares vs enitities. ? ie managing memebrs. . 2 . 3 new 
trusts. Apo-o , dynasty, ( does leon want to put in new restrictions per child ). - publishing interests. 
. 311c, for investments 4 names insured? guarnatees? art loans. outstanding. sales or use tax 
owed? 4, comparison of execu jet vs jet aviation. . 5. the bank loan on the jet is going to come 
due. does leon prefer to extend f they would ( he is a guarantor. ? ) or will he need to pay 10 million 
cash to renew, 
that wiill determine new structure of plane. getting rid of rance, wells fargo, john 
hannon, lisa gratizaino etc. . 5. boat restructure . 6 grats - if leon decie to have 
another. 7 accountning for children, . 
Date: Mon, Oct 26, 2015 at 7:08 PM 
Subject: draft 
To: Melanie Spinella  
k Brad Wechsler  
phaidon and art space. combined basis 96 million , ( reviewed with brad and joe.) . add ten for 
restructuring . basis 106. mi. 
subtract total sale price. for both, lets say approx $8 - 15m . leaving 
loss of between 90 and 98 million long term loss. . AMT rate 28 % obama . tax 3.8% . city and state 
12% total aprox 43 %. tax rate. 
savings 38.7 - 44 m 
0:51 PM (15 hours ago) 
to me, Richard, Karen 
EFTA00812283
--- PAGE 101 ---
Good afternoon 
Removal of headers in Cabana's 1 and 2 started today 
Dock Shelters proposed start date 16 Apr 
LSJ staff cottage and Sams kitchen and bath cabinets are due in this week. 
Have yet to schedule install. 
Will have estimate for GSJ Staff Cottage from EB by the end of the week 
Unable to contact Jimmy again regarding thIs project, Reached our Monday to schedule site meeting, got 
a - No Can Do - 
reply !!! 
Regards Brice 
Date: Mon, Oct 26, 2015 at 8:37 PM 
Subject: 
To: Brad Wechsler 
>, Melanie Spinella 
gain at 20 % not 28.. so total , 35.8%. tax rate. 
same for boat. and plane each around 10 m so total 7 
m savings if both sold 
Date: Fri, Jun 3, 2016 at 5:56 PM 
Subject: 
To: Heather Gray <1 
heather leon seems to not recall the issue of finding an alternative to the eschange agents resale 
cerificate. he didnt remeebr you suggesting a gallery instead. you mentioned that he did not want to get 
another gallery involved. ? has any of the transactions been audited using this method , which even i 
find agressive. 
Date: Fri, Jun 3, 2016 at 3:02 PM 
Subject: RE: 
To: "jeffrey E." <ieevacation@email.com>
Hi Jeffrey, 
As you will recall, we used this same exchange agent last year on the Calder 1031. At 
the time, we discussed the merits of using a gallery versus a commercial exchange 
EFTA00812284
--- PAGE 102 ---
agent and my recommendation to Leon was to use a gallery. I felt that there were 
advantages to using a commercial exchange agent instead of a gallery on the 1031 side 
(e.g., less likelihood of a breach of confidentiality, IRS familiarity with CDEC in the 
event of an audit, security of funds), but that a commercial exchange agent gave us less 
comfort on the sales tax side. Leon did not want to use a gallery because he was 
concerned about confidentiality and he did not want to have to ask a gallery that he did 
not do much business with to act as exchange agent. 
When Leon first discussed the exchange for the Cezannes with me a few weeks ago, I 
asked him if he wanted to use the same exchange agent as last year, or if he wanted to 
use a gallery. I said that a gallery carried little to no risk on the sales tax side, but I 
reminded him that he had not wanted to use a gallery last year for the Calder because of 
confidentiality reasons. He said to use the same exchange agent as before, which made 
sense to me because he was extremely concerned about confidentiality with the 
purchase of the Cezannes. 
I will find out about sales tax audits and will let you know. The exchange agent has 
had a New York resale certificate since 2014 and has been engaged in art transactions 
like this since then, but I do not believe they have been audited. I will check, though, 
and I will also ask the Herrick lawyer if any of his clients who have done similar deals 
have been audited. 
Best, 
Heather 
EFTA00812285

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812286.pdf
----------------------------------------
I am sure I am not the only person who has worked hard all his life, ensured that his family is 
well cared for while he is alive and after his death, and entrusted his own personal financial 
affairs to a trust and estate lawyer, expecting to spend his final years without concerns about 
these matters. I will relate my own experiences with my former lawyer, A. Max Kohlenberg, a 
partner of the firm Howland Evangelista Kohlenberg, LLP. Perhaps these experiences may 
provide a lesson for others. 
When my first wife died in 2008, I was 80 years old. I knew that my children and grandchildren 
were well cared for, with trusts and other investments that I had already set up for them, and 
with valuable property that had been transmitted to them. After my first wife's death, having 
no financial expertise and no wish to pay attention to my personal financial affairs, I retained an 
estate lawyer. I assumed that it would not be problematic, having been a full professor at MIT 
for many years, with a pension that had been restructured as investments. I entrusted my 
affairs completely to Mr. Kohlenberg and to an investment firm (Bainco) with which he had 
close connections. I resigned from my position as trustee of a Marital Trust that my first wife 
and I had set up earlier with the intention that it be available to the survivor of the two of us, 
and would then pass on to our children after the survivor's death. I asked my son Harry to 
replace me as trustee, along with Mr. Kohlenberg as co-trustee. 
In 2014 I remarried and accordingly began to think about the future. I was greatly surprised to 
find out that I faced serious financial problems. I learned that my only stable sole source of 
income was an IRA, which was being depleted by distributions to family along with taxes and 
management fees for the whole estate, encompassing the entire mandatory withdrawal. 
Therefore, even for ordinary personal expenses, I had to make additional withdrawals, with a 
tax penalty. 
The Marital Trust was supposed to be paying an annual income to me, but I have no record of 
having received any payments. Recently, independent financial advisers have informed me that 
the trustees had put me in long-term partnership investments, and that in general the 
investments of the Trust were designed in ways that would reduce income to me — even if I 
received it — leaving the Trust larger at my death. My home in the suburbs and a summer 
cottage that I owned had been already been transferred to my children. 
My second wife and I realized that at age 86, it was advisable to move to an apartment in town 
with no steps, no snow removal and other such concerns, and no long commute to my office at 
MIT. That of course increased expenses since I had been living rent free and was surprised that 
the structure dictated that I receive no money from the sale of the house. 
To pay my income tax, I had no alternative but to access at double taxation money from my IRA 
account. My first requests for tax relief from the Marital Trust were denied by the two 
trustees, my son Harry and Mr. Kohlenberg, unless I agreed to submit to a detailed and highly 
intrusive examination of my private expenses, life style, etc., demands that were simply 
humiliating and which I of course rejected. 
EFTA00812286
--- PAGE 2 ---
I also requested information from Mr. Kohlenberg about what had been happening with the 
Marital Trust. Most requests went unanswered. After repeated inquiries, now also made by 
new attorneys, I still have not received comprehensive information about the legally-required 
income that was supposed to be paid to me, or the documentation of payouts to others . 
I had assumed that I could trust Mr. Kohlenberg with my personal affairs, to which, again, I was 
paying no attention after my first wife died. What has happened is, frankly, shocking. I never 
expected that at age 90, having worked all my life and ensured that my children and 
grandchildren were well cared for, I would have to be concerned about support for the rest of 
my life and about ensuring the financial security of my second wife, who gave up her successful 
professional career and left her family in Brazil to be with me for my last years. Nor could I 
have imagined that I would not even be able to obtain coherent information about what had 
happened to my financial situation during the years when I entrusted these matters to 
Mr. Kohlenberg, whom I had understood to be a reputable trust and estate lawyer. 
I would never have expected that Mr. Kohlenberg, having received my total confidence in his 
position as my lawyer, would shift his loyalty to benefit the younger generation that had 
been taken care already, not even communicating to me that he was doing so, keeping 
me unaware that I could not rely on his services due his conflict of interests. 
This situation caused me and my second wife severe distress and extreme pressure in 
our new life, taking away our time, energy and peace in a period of our lives in which we 
should be free of such concerns and conditions, particularly the unacceptable and 
intrusive demands that were imposed. 
All of this is, needless to say, deeply distressing. 
Noam Chomsky 
EFTA00812287

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812288.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT OCURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
ADMINISTRATIVE ORDER NO. 2.303-9/09* 
IN RE: SEALING OF COURT HEARINGS 
AND RECORDS 
The Florida constitution mandates that the public shall have access to court records, subject 
only to certain enumerated limitations which are restricted by operation of state law, federal law, or 
court rule. In re Amendments to Florida Rule of Judicial Admin. 2.420 — Sealing of Court Records, 
954 So.2d 16 (Fla. 2007). The Rules of the Supreme Court strongly disfavor court records that are 
hidden from public scrutiny. The Florida Supreme Court recently adopted Interim Rule 2.420 of the 
Florida Rules of Judicial Administration which addresses the procedures for sealing noncriminal 
court records. In order to ensure that both criminal and noncriminal court records are sealed properly 
it is 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority conferred by Florida Rule of Judicial 
Administration 2.215, it is ORDERED as follows: 
I. 
A request to make court records or a court hearing confidential in any type of case must be 
made by written motion. Parties cannot submit an agreed-upon order. The Motion must be 
captioned "Motion to Make Court Records Confidential" or "Motion to Make Court Hearing 
Confidential". The Motion must identify with particularity the records or hearing to be made 
confidential and the grounds upon which it is based. The Motion must include a signed 
certification by the party making the request that the motion is being made in good faith and 
is supported by a sound factual and legal basis. 
2. 
The records that are the subject of a Motion to Make Court Records Confidential will be 
treated as confidential pending resolution of the motion. The case number, docket number, 
or other identifying number of a case will remain public. Pseudonyms may be used as 
permitted by the court. Court records made confidential under this rule must be treated as 
confidential during any appellate proceeding in this Circuit. 
3. 
A public hearing on any motion to seal a court record or court hearing will be held as soon as 
practicable but no sooner than ten (10) days after notice is given to the public and the press. 
A party may seek to hold all or a portion of the hearing on a Motion to Make Court Records 
EFTA00812288
--- PAGE 2 ---
Confidential in camera if necessary to protect any of the interests listed in Interim Rule of 
Judicial Administration 2.420(c)(9)(A). The moving party will be responsible for ensuring 
that a complete record of any hearing be created either by use of a court reporter or by any 
recording device that is provided as a matter of right by the court. 
4. 
A sealing order issued by a court must state with specificity the grounds for sealing and the 
findings of the court that justify sealing. The order granting the sealing request must contain 
as much detail as possible including the parties' names or pseudonyms, whether the progress 
docket is to be confidential, the court records that are to be confidential and the names of 
persons who are permitted access. The order must contain specific findings that the degree, 
duration, and manner of confidentiality are no broader than necessary to protect the interests 
listed in Interim Rule of Judicial Administration 2.420(c)(9)(A). The order will not reveal 
the information that is to be made confidential. The order will direct whether the progress 
docket is to be sealed. 
5. 
If an order sealing a court file is silent as to whether the progress docket is to be sealed, the 
clerk shall seal the court file but maintain a public docket with no alternation of the parties' 
names. In accordance with Interim Rule of Judicial Administration 2.420(cX9) the Clerk 
shall NOT seal the case number, docket number, or any other identifying number of a case 
that is sealed by court order. 
6. 
The Court will direct the Clerk to post the order sealing the court file on the Clerk's website 
as well as on the bulletin board located at the Main Courthouse within ten (10) days 
following the entry of the order and must remain posted in both locations for at least 30 days. 
7. 
A nonparty may file a written motion to vacate a sealing order in accordance with Florida 
Rule ofJudicial Administration 2.420 (2007); In re Amendments to Florida Rule ofJudicial 
Admin. 2.420 - Sealing of Court Records, 954 So.2d 16 (Fla. 2007). 
8. 
A public hearing must be held on any contested motion to vacate a sealing order. The court, 
in its discretion, may hold a hearing on an uncontested motion. While challenge hearings 
must be open to the public, a party may seek to hold a portion or all of the hearing in camera 
if necessary to protect the interests listed in Interim Rule of Judicial Administration 
2.420(c)(9)(A). The movant must ensure that a record of the hearing is made. The movant 
seeking to vacate an order bears the burden of showing that the order is unsound. 
9. 
If the identity of a party is to remain confidential, all applicable pleadings will be filed with 
the following designation on the front of the pleading: "Confidential Party — Court Service 
Requested". The judicial assistant for the division in which the pleading is filed is 
responsible for providing such notice to the applicable parties. The judicial assistant is to 
provide such notice so as not to inadvertently reveal the identity of the confidential party. 
EFTA00812289
--- PAGE 3 ---
10. 
This administrative rule does NOT address the confidentiality of records admitted into 
evidence and it does NOT pertain to the statutory process for sealing or expunging criminal 
history records. Motions to Seal pleadings or court records filed in a criminal case must, 
however, comply with this Administrative Order. This administrative order also does NOT 
pertain to court records that are confidential pursuant to statute, rule or other legal authority. 
11. 
If a motion to seal is not made in good faith and is not supported by a sound legal and factual 
basis, the court may impose sanctions upon the movant. 
12. 
The Clerk of Court, or a deputy clerk, is hereby authorized to open any court file sealed by 
operation of law or court order for the purpose of filing documents pertinent to the particular 
file, as well as for microfilming or imaging files, and for preparing a record on appeal. The 
Clerk, or deputy clerk, shall reseal the file immediately upon completion of the task, with the 
date and time of the unsealing clearly marked on the outside of the file along with the initials 
of the deputy clerk. 
13. 
In all matters except adoption and surrogacy cases, the Clerk of Court will make the contents 
of a sealed file available to adult parties and their attorneys of record. The contents of 
adoption and surrogacy files shall not be made available to any person absent a court order. 
DONE AND SIGNED in Chambers in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida 
this22-day of September, 2009. 
Pet Er D. Blanc 
Chief Judge 
supersedes admin. order 2.303-9/08 
EFTA00812290

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812291.pdf
----------------------------------------
I. 
[CAPTION] 
"Due process requires the government to adhere to the terms of any plea bargain or 
immunity agreement it makes." United States v. Hill, 643 F.3d 807, 874 (11th Cir. 2011), 
quoting United States v. Harvey, 869 F.2d 1439, 1443 (11th Cir.1989) (en banc). See, e.g., 
Santobello v. New York, 404 U.S. 257, 262 (1971)("when a plea rests in any significant degree 
on a promise ... of the prosecutor, so that it can be said to be part of the inducement or 
consideration, such promise must be fulfilled"); United States v. Al-Arian, 514 F.3d 1184, 1190 
(11th Cir. 2008)("Due process requires the government to adhere to the promises it has made in a 
plea agreement"). A person's reliance interests relating to a non-prosecution agreement are entitled 
to the same constitutional protection. See, e.g., United States v. Stolt-Nielsen, 524 F. Supp. 2d 609, 
615-16 (E.D. Pa. 2007)(non-prosecution agreements "are to be construed in light of `special due 
process concerns"' (quoting United States v. Baird, 218 F.3d 221, 229 (3d Cir. 2000) (citations 
omitted)); United States v. Garcia, 519 F.2d 1343, 1345 (9th Cir. 1975)("these principles are fully 
applicable to the deferred prosecution agreement between the Government and Garcia."); see also 
Cady v. Arenac County, 574 F.3d 334, 341-42 (6th Cir. 2009) (comparing a deferred prosecution 
agreement to a plea agreement and concluding that a prosecutor was entitled to absolute immunity in 
connection with entering into a deferred prosecution agreement). Thus, the government is, as it 
itself recognizes, constitutionally required to abide by the terms of the nonprosecution agreement 
that it entered into with Mr. Epstein. See Doc. 205-2 at 3-4 ("[C]onstitutional due process 
guarantees do not allow either the Non-Prosecution Agreement — which by its terms induced 
Epstein to, inter alia, plead guilty to state criminal charges and serve an 18-month sentence of 
state incarceration — or the governmental obligations undertaken therein to be set aside."). 
Indeed, this Court has also recognized the binding nature of the NPA. See Opinion and Order, 
February 21, 2019, Doc. 435 at 27 ("Although the binding effect of the NPA was contingent 
EFTA00812291
--- PAGE 2 ---
upon Epstein pleading guilty to the state charges, that contingency was out of the control of the 
government. The government's hands were permanently tied if Epstein fulfilled his obligations 
under the NPA." (emphasis added)); id. at 30 n.6 ("Once an NPA is entered into without notice, 
the matter is closed ...."). 
Under the circumstances of this case, it would be fundamentally unfair to Mr. Epstein and 
a violation of his rights to due process of law to invalidate the NPA as a remedy for the CVRA 
violation found by the Court.' Compliance with the CVRA was the duty of the government, not 
of Mr. Epstein. While Mr. Epstein was understandably concerned about confidentiality, it was 
for the government to decide the extent to which it could accommodate Mr. Epstein's desire for 
confidentiality consistent with its obligations under the CVRA. If the government believed, as it 
has told the Court that it did, that the CVRA did not require it to inform petitioners about the 
NPA, Mr. Epstein certainly was not obliged to insist that it do so. The government has explained 
to the Court why it believes it complied with the requirements of the CVRA, and the Court has 
rejected those contentions. The government's non-compliance, as found by the Court, is not, 
however, the fault of Mr. Epstein, and he should not be penalized for it. It is standard fare for 
defense counsel to make proposals to the government as to how matters should proceed or how 
they should be resolved, and it is up to the government to determine how far it may agree to such 
proposals consistent with law, DOJ policy, and its perception of the public interest. Once the 
I Because this memorandum is directed solely to the question of remedy, it does not 
address the findings of facts in this Court's Opinion and Order or the rulings of law made based 
on those facts. What Mr. Epstein will say is that he was not a party to the summary judgment 
proceedings, and the government's factual admissions on which the Court predicated certain of 
its findings—admissions made solely for the purposes of petitioners' motion for partial summary 
judgment, see Doc. 407 at 1 n.1—are not binding on him. And in arguing herein that the Court 
should not invalidate the NPA, he is not abandoning his primary argument that the Court cannot 
invalidate the NPA to remedy a CVRA violation, although he recognizes that the Court has 
decided otherwise. 
EFTA00812292
--- PAGE 3 ---
government has entered into an agreement with a criminal defendant, such as the NPA here, the 
defendant is constitutionally entitled to rely on the government's performance of it. 
The inequities in invalidating the NPA at this juncture are stark. "Nonprosecution 
agreements, like plea bargains, are contractual in nature, and are therefore interpreted in 
accordance with general principles of contract law. Under these principles, if a defendant lives 
up to his end of the bargain, the government is bound to perform its promises." United States v. 
Castaneda, 162 F.3d 832, 835-36 (5th Cir. 1998). Mr. Epstein, in good faith reliance on that 
agreement, has fully performed each and every one of his obligations under the NPA. Solely 
because of the obligations imposed on him by the NPA, he pled guilty to state court charges and 
served 13 months of an 18-month prison term, followed by a year of community control. He has 
not contested liability in civil actions brought against him under 18 U.S.C. §2255, has paid the 
attorney representing claimants who brought actions, and has entered into civil settlements with 
all such §2255 claimants, amounting to many millions of dollars. He has registered as a sex 
offender. He has settled monetary damage civil suits brought by other claimants outside of the 18 
U.S.C. §2255 context due in significant part to his plea of guilty and to the other requirements of 
the NPA. 
Mr. Epstein can never be returned to the status quo ante—the time he spent in jail and on 
probation cannot be restored to him, the prejudice he has suffered from being required to register 
as a sex offender cannot be undone, and he will never recoup the millions of dollars he paid in 
legal fees and settlements because the NPA required him to do so. Invalidating the agreement 
after full performance by Mr. Epstein would have severe due process implications.2
Where such grave constitutional concerns are present, the doctrine of constitutional 
avoidance counsels strongly against using the CVRA to rescind private individual's 
nonprosecution agreement as a remedy for violation of the statute's terms by the government. 
EFTA00812293
--- PAGE 4 ---
The inequities in invalidating the NPA become even more stark when petitioners' own 
conduct is examined. 
Even though the action has been pending since 2008, petitioners 
knowingly sat on their CVRA claims for years as Mr. Epstein served a prison sentence and as he 
satisfied all the requirements of his non-prosecution agreement. Rather than seek emergency 
relief from the Court, petitioners appeared at a status conference on July 11, 2008, knowing that 
Mr. Epstein was in prison, and told the Court that they saw no reason to proceed on an 
emergency basis. Doc. 
[Trans. July 11, 2008] at 24-25. Moreover, in a hearing one month 
later, petitioners specifically asked that the Court not invalidate the non-prosecution agreement 
"because of the legal consequences of invalidating the current agreement, it is likely not in [the 
petitioners'] interest to ask for the [rescission] relief that we initially asked for." Doc. 
[Trans. August 14, 2008] at 4. Petitioners thus eschewed moving this case forward in favor of 
their pursuing, over at least the next eighteen months, civil settlement actions against Mr. Epstein 
prior to, rather than concurrently with, litigating their CVRA rights.; As this Court has 
That doctrine "is a tool for choosing between competing plausible interpretations of a statutory 
text, resting on the reasonable presumption that Congress did not intend the alternative which 
raises serious constitutional doubts." Clark v. Martinez, 543 U.S. 371, 381-82 (2005). To the 
extent that the CVRA is susceptible of a construction which would permit rescission of a 
nonprosecution agreement as a remedy, as this Court has concluded (a proposition with which 
Mr. Epstein strenuously disagrees), the doctrine "directs that 'when deciding which of two 
plausible statutory constructions to adopt, a court must consider the necessary consequences of 
its choice. If one of them would raise a multitude of constitutional problems, the other should 
prevail.'" Brown v. United States, 748 F.3d 1045, 1068 (11th Cir. 2014), quoting Martinez, 543 
U.S. at 380-81. The manifest constitutional problems which would be raised by rescission of the 
NPA as a remedy — the infringement of the constitutionally-granted prerogative of the Executive 
to decide whom to charge with a federal crime and the violation of Mr. Epstein's right under the 
Due Process Clause — mandate forgoing this choice of remedy. 
The CVRA itself makes clear that it contemplates swift action on actions brought to 
complain of violations of CVRA rights. It provides: 
The rights described in subsection (a) shall be asserted in the district court in which a 
defendant is being prosecuted for the crime or, if no prosecution is underway, in the district 
EFTA00812294
--- PAGE 5 ---
observed, "[o)ver the course of the next eighteen months, the CVRA case stalled as petitioners 
pursued collateral civil claims against Epstein." Doc. 189 at 5, ¶ 8. As the direct result, Mr. 
Epstein has, to his detriment, served a prison sentence (2008-09), served a year of community 
control probation (2009-10), and made monetary payments that are directly related to his 
obligations under the NPA to pay legal fees for attorney representation and not to contest 
liability for underlying offenses to those suing under §2255 alone. So inactive were petitioners 
in this case that the Court dismissed the case for lack of prosecution in September, 2010. (Doc. 
38). 
IL 
[EQUITABLE ESTOPPEL] 
There was a reason why petitioners were in no hurry to proceed with their CVRA action: 
so that they could rely on the NPA to establish liability in their §2255 cases. In both of their civil 
actions for damages against Mr. Epstein, petitioners took the position that Mr. Epstein was 
estopped from contesting liability by the NPA, thus relying on it to advance their litigation 
positions. In Jane Doe No. l's complaint she stated that she 
is included in the list of victims identified by the Federal Government as victims of the 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's illegal conduct. The Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, is thus 
estopped by his plea and agreement with the Federal Government from denying the acts 
alleged in this Complaint, and must effectively admit liability to Plaintiff. 
[cite to civil complaint] Jane Doe No. 2's complaint contained identical language. See [insert 
cite to civil complaint] A few months later, the petitioners amended their civil complaints, 
court in the district in which the crime occurred. The district court shall take up and decide 
any motion asserting a victim's right forthwith. If the district court denies the relief sought, 
the movant may petition the court of appeals for a writ of mandamus. The court of appeals 
may issue the writ on the order of a single judge pursuant to circuit rule or the Federal Rules 
of Appellate Procedure. The court of appeals shall take up and decide such application 
forthwith within 72 hours after the petition has been filed, unless the litigants, with the 
approval of the court, have stipulated to a different time period for consideration. 
U.S.C.A. § 3771(d)(3)(emphasis added). 
EFTA00812295
--- PAGE 6 ---
stating, in identical language in both amended complaints: 
20. In June 2008, in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in Palm Beach County, Florida, 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, entered pleas of "guilty" to various Florida state crimes 
involving the solicitation of minors for prostitution and the procurement of minors for the 
purposes of prostitution. 
21. As a condition of that plea, and in exchange for the Federal Government not 
prosecuting the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, for numerous federal offenses, Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein, additionally entered into an agreement with the Federal Government 
acknowledging that the Plaintiff was a victim of his conduct. 
22. The Plaintiff is included in the list of victims identified by the Federal Government 
as victims of the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's illegal conduct. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
is thus estopped by his plea and agreement with the Federal Government from denying 
the acts alleged in this Complaint, and must effectively admit liability to the Plaintiff. 
[cite to amended complaintsr 
One of the purposes the government sought to achieve through the NPA was to ensure 
monetary compensation for petitioners and others similarly situated, and petitioners readily 
availed themselves of that benefit. Only after they had successfully resolved their civil cases 
against Mr. Epstein, achieving the benefits that the agreement conferred upon them, did 
petitioners resurrect their claim that the NPA should be invalidated. Petitioners should not now 
be rewarded with the relief of setting aside the very agreement on the validity of which they 
relied to support their civil actions against Mr. Epstein. Indeed, the doctrine of equitable estoppel 
precludes such a course. "The doctrine of equitable estoppel is grounded in fairness." Bahamas 
Sales Assoc., LLC v. Byers, 701 F.3d 1335, 1342 (11th Cir. 2012). "The purpose of the doctrine 
is to prevent a plaintiff from, in effect, trying to have his cake and eat it too; that is, from 
The complaints and amended complaints have been submitted as exhibits to prior 
pleadings by the government. See Doc. 408, Exs. P and Q; Doc. 205-6 [check filing for how to 
further identify' 
EFTA00812296
--- PAGE 7 ---
"rely[ing] on the contract when it works to [his] advantage [by establishing the claim] and 
repudiat[ing] it when it works to [his] disadvantage . . . ." In re Humana Inc. Managed Care 
Litigation, 285 F.3d 971, 976 (11th Cir. 2002), rev'd on other grounds, PacifiCare Health Sys., 
Inc. v. Book, 538 U.S. 401 (2003), quoting Tepper Realty Co. v. Mosaic Tile Co., 259 F.Supp. 
688, 692 (S.D.N.Y. 1966). This case does not involve an arbitration clause which petitioners are 
seeking to evade, but the same equitable estoppel principle applies. "Equitable estoppel 
precludes a party from claiming the benefits of a contract while simultaneously attempting to 
avoid the burdens that contract imposes." Blinco v. Green Tree Servicing LLC, 400 F.3d 1308, 
1312 (11th Cir. 2005), citing Humana, 285 F.3d at 976. As third-party beneficiaries of the NPA, 
petitioners claimed the benefit of the NPA in their state court damage claims against Epstein by 
arguing that Epstein was precluded by the NPA from contesting liability to them. 
After 
successfully concluding their damage claims actions, petitioners should not now be heard to 
contend that the same NPA they relied on is invalid because it was entered into in violation of 
their rights under the CVRA. 
III. 
[JUDICIAL ESTOPPEL' 
Judicial estoppel precludes a party from "asserting a claim in a legal proceeding that is 
inconsistent with a claim taken by that party in a previous proceeding." Burnes v. Pemco 
Aeroplex, Inc., 291 F.3d 1282, 1285 (11th Cir. 2002), ovemded in part, Slater v. United States 
Steel Corp., 871 F.3d 1174, 1176-77 (11th Cir. 2017). It is "an equitable concept intended to 
prevent the perversion of the judicial process," id., which prohibits "parties from deliberately 
changing positions according to the exigencies of the moment." New Hampshire v. Maine, 532 
U.S. 742, 749-50 (2001). 
EFTA00812297
--- PAGE 8 ---
"Stated simply, the doctrine of judicial estoppel rests on the principle that "absent any good 
explanation, a party should not be allowed to gain an advantage by litigation on one theory, and 
then seek an inconsistent advantage by pursuing an incompatible theory." Slater, 871 F.3d at 
1180-81, quoting Ryan Operations G.P. v. Santiam-Midwest Lumber Co., 81 F.3d 355, 358 (3d 
Cir. 1996). The Eleventh Circuit "employs a two-part test to guide district courts in applying 
judicial estoppel: whether (1) the party took an inconsistent position under oath in a separate 
proceeding, and (2) these inconsistent positions were 'calculated to make a mockery of the 
judicial system.' Slater, 871 F.3d at 1181, quoting Burnes, 291 F.3d at 1285. These two factors 
"are not inflexible or exhaustive; rather, courts must always give due consideration to all of the 
circumstances of a particular case when considering the applicability of this doctrine." Burnes, 
291 F.3d at 1286. 
This doctrine bars petitioners' contention that the NPA should be invalidated as part of 
the remedy for the CVRA violation found by the Court. In their civil actions, both petitioners 
relied on the provisions of the NPA to preclude Mr. Epstein from contesting his liability to them, 
also telling this Court at about the same time that they did not seek to invalidate the NPA, as it 
was not in their interests to do so. See page 
, supra. Petitioners—third-party beneficiaries of 
the NPA5—knew when they brought suit that Mr. Epstein, under the terms of the NPA by which 
To be a third-party beneficiary of a contract, it must have been "the intent and purpose 
of the contracting parties .. . to confer a direct and substantial benefit upon the third party." Blu-
J, Inc. v. Kemper C.P.A. Op., 916 F.2d 637, 640 (11th Cir. 1990). The NPA provides: 
If any of the individuals referred to in paragraph (7), supra, elects to file suit pursuant to 
U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will not contest the jurisdiction of the United States District Court 
for the Southern District of Florida over his person and/or the subject matter, and Epstein 
waives his right to contest liability and also waives his right to contest damages up to an 
EFTA00812298
--- PAGE 9 ---
he was bound, was prohibited from contesting liability, and, living up to the terms of the 
agreement, on which petitioners were expressly relying, Mr. Epstein did not contest liability and 
entered into settlement agreements with them that conferred on them substantial financial 
benefit. [is this accurate??]In effect, petitioners were suing, in part, to enforce the terms of the 
NPA for their benefit. There was not the slightest suggestion at that time, when it served the 
petitioners' interests, that the NPA was vulnerable to invalidation and, if invalidated, would 
eliminate the benefit on which petitioners were relying. 
Now, having reaped for themselves the benefits that the NPA conferred upon them, 
petitioners claim that the NPA is invalid because they were not consulted before the government 
entered into it and that they would have opposed the NPA had they been consulted, thus arguing 
against the very benefits which they exploited to their great advantage. The first part of the Slater 
standard is plainly satisfied here: the position now taken by the petitioners in this case could not 
be more inconsistent with the position it took in the state civil actions. Then, the contract was 
argued to be valid and binding on Mr. Epstein; now, it is argued to be the product of misconduct 
and therefore invalid. Such blatant inconsistency is certainly calculated to make a mockery of the 
judicial system: trying to convince one court to rule in favor of petitioners based on the binding 
validity of the NPA and then trying to convince this Court that the agreement was void ab initio 
amount as agreed to between the identified individual and 
Epstein, so long as the identified individual elects to proceed exclusively under 18 U.S.C. § 
2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, federal, or 
common law. 
NPA at 4, ¶8. By imposing on Mr. Epstein the duty to refrain from challenging his civil liability 
to petitioners, the NPA conferred "a direct and substantial benefit" on them, and was intended by 
the parties to do so. 
EFTA00812299
--- PAGE 10 ---
because they were not consulted before the government entered into the agreement. This was no 
inadvertence or mistake. Petitioners are represented by able and sophisticated lawyers, 
petitioners' manipulation of the legal system for their benefit was intentional and calculated. It 
would indeed make a mockery of the judicial system if petitioners are permitted to capitalize on 
the liability concession in the NPA, with Mr. Epstein adhering to the obligations that the NPA 
imposed on him and on which petitioners expressly relied in their civil actions, only to now have 
that very agreement invalidated at the behest of petitioners after they had availed themselves of 
the benefits that the agreement conferred on them. 
IV. 
[EXECUTIVE DISCRETION] 
The CVRA cannot be construed to invalidate a pure exercise of executive discretion such 
as the decision to enter into a nonprosecution agreement. "Few subjects are less adapted to 
judicial review that the exercise by the Executive of his discretion in deciding when and whether 
to institute criminal proceedings . 
." United States v. Fokker Services B. V, 818 F.3d 733, 741 
(D.C.Cir. 2016), quoting Newman v United States, 382 F.2d 479, 480 (D.C.Cir. 1967). As the 
Supreme Court has explained: 
This broad discretion rests largely on the recognition that the decision to prosecute is particularly 
ill-suited to judicial review. Such factors as the strength of the case, the prosecution's general 
deterrence value, the Government's enforcement priorities, and the case's relationship to the 
Government's overall enforcement plan are not readily susceptible to the kind of analysis the 
courts are competent to undertake. Judicial supervision in this area, moreover, entails systemic 
costs of particular concern. Examining the basis of a prosecution delays the criminal proceeding, 
threatens to chill law enforcement by subjecting the prosecutor's motives and decisionmaking to 
EFTA00812300
--- PAGE 11 ---
outside inquiry, and may undermine prosecutorial effectiveness by revealing the Government's 
enforcement policy. All these are substantial concerns that make the courts properly hesitant to 
examine the decision whether to prosecute. 
Wayte v. United States, 470 U.S. 598, 607-08 (1985). 
Fokker Services addressed the intersection of judicial and executive powers with respect 
to a deferred prosecution agreement and held, based on constitutional considerations regarding 
the powers conferred on the Executive, that the district court could not reject the deferred 
prosecution agreement in that case based on its disagreement with the Executive's charging 
decisions. Unlike a deferred prosecution agreement, which results in the filing of criminal 
charges and thus in at least some role for the judicial system to play, nonprosecution agreements 
are contracts between the government and the defendant that are never filed with the court and 
do not result in the institution of criminal charges. See Fokker Services, 818 F.3d at 733 
(describing nonprosecution agreements as the "out-of-court analogue[]" of deferred prosecution 
agreements); see also Memorandum from Craig S. Morford, Acting Deputy Att'y Gen., U.S. 
Dep't of Justice, to Heads of Department Components, U.S. Att'ys re: Selection and Use of 
Monitors in Deferred Prosecution Agreements and Non—Prosecution Agreements with 
Corporations (Mar. 7, 2008) at note 2, available at http://www.justice.gov/usam/criminal-
resource-manual-163-selection-and-use-monitors (last visited February 24, 2019)("ln the 
nonprosecution agreement context, formal charges are not filed and the agreement is maintained 
by the parties rather than being filed with a court."). 
EFTA00812301
--- PAGE 12 ---
If courts are not free to invalidate deferred prosecution agreements, then nonprosecution 
agreements are even less the business of the courts, given the complete absence of judicial 
involvement in their negotiation and execution. 
The government has absolute discretion to decide not to prosecute. ICC v. Brotherhood of 
Locomotive Engineers, 482 U.S. 270, 283 . . . (1987) ("[I]t is entirely clear that the refusal to 
prosecute cannot be the subject of judicial review."). Even a formal, written agreement to that 
effect, which is often referred to as a "non-prosecution agreement," is not the business of the 
courts. 
United States v. HSBC Bank USA, N.A., 2013 WL 3306161 at *5 (E.D.N.Y. July I, 
2013)(emphasis added). See United States v. Adams, 281 F. Supp. 3d 622, 623-24 (M.D. La. 
2017)("Courts may not engage in judicial review of pretrial diversion agreements by deciding 
who may be placed in pretrial diversion programs . . . or curbing the Government's decision to 
permit a party to participate in pretrial diversion. (citation omitted)). Here, the Court expressly 
did not rule "that the decision not to prosecute was improper." Opinion and Order at 32-33. 
When individuals or entities enter into nonprosecution agreements with the government, 
which will generally require that they substantially change their position in reliance, for example, 
through cooperation, disgorgement, or other detrimental reliance, they must be able to rely on the 
predictability and certainty inherent in such agreements, i.e., that if they, as Mr. Epstein has 
done, fully perform their duties and obligations under the agreement, they will not, at some later 
date, be again subject to investigation and possible prosecution for the offenses encompassed 
within their NPAs. Invalidation of this NPA could have mischievous ramifications well beyond 
this particular case, if persons or entities entering into NPAs with the government are exposed to 
indefinite uncertainty regarding the extent to which they are actually protected by their NPAs. 
EFTA00812302

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812303.pdf
----------------------------------------
AircraftSales.US Your Aircraft, Your Way 
2007 Sikorsky S-76C++ 
NALC 
-4 
FUEL EFFICIENCY 
1.68 
(MPG US): 
PER SEAT 
23.52 
EFFICIENCY: 
SEATING OPTIONS: 2+12 
EXTERNAL LENGTH 43.2 
(Fl): 
EXTERNAL HEIGHT 11.7 
(FT): 
EXTERNAL SPAN 
(FT): 
ENGINE: 
TURBOMECA ARFUEL 1S1 
POWER OUTPUT/ 
725 EA 
FLAT RATING: 
INSPECTION 
3000 
INTERVAL: 
MAX TAKEOFF 
11700 
WEIGHT (LBS): 
MAX LANDING 
11700 
WEIGHT (LBS): 
EMPTY WEIGHT-
BOW (LBS): 
USEFUL LOAD 
(LBS): 
MAX FUEL (LBS): 
MAX FUEL 
(GALLONS): 
AVAIL PAYLOAD 
MAX FUEL (LBS): 
8227 
3473 
1897 
281 
1576 
EFTA00812303
--- PAGE 2 ---
Aircraft Overview 
Airframe 
Total Time:1,190 
Landings: 3,466 
Engine 
#1 ENGINE:1,055 Hours 
#2 ENGINE:1,055 Hours 
Avionics 
Collins Proline II Avionics Package 
Dual Collins VHF 22A Comms and VIR 32 Nays 
Single ADF462 ADF 
Dual Mode S Transponders w/Diversity TDR-94D 
Dual DME w/IND 42A Indicator 
ALT593 Radio Altimeter w/Expanded Scale ALI 55A 
Indicator 
Honeywell EFIS/DAFCS: 4-Tube Honeywell EDZ 756 EFTS 
Dual Litef AHRS, Dual Penny and Giles ADC's 
Dual Honeywell Digital SPZ 7600 AFCS 
Altitude Alert 
Volt Electrical System w/ (2) 20 AMP 
Starter/Generators 
Honeywell MK XXII EGPWS 
Universal 120 CVR 
Backup Airspeed Indicator and Altimeter 
WX Radar - Primus 880 
Radio Tuning Units RTU 4200 
TCAS I System 
EMS Universal UNS IF 
Lightning Strike Sensor LSZ 860 w/LU 860 
Honeywell MFRD, Garmin GMX-200 
ACM 335D NAV/LRN 
Garmin GDL 69 Weather Data Receiver System 
Dual 375 Static Generators 
Additional Items 
EFTA00812304
--- PAGE 3 ---
Aircell ST 3100 Satellite Communications 
XM Weather, Garmin GDL-69 (requires subscription) 
SP Bifilar 
C-4 Environmental System 
Pulse Lighting System 
Heads Up Technologies PBS 250 Passenger Briefer 
Vertical Pylon Access Panels 
Boarding Step 
Door Locks 
Maintenance 
Maintained by Summit Aviation — Authorized Sikorsky Service Center 
Interior 
Deluxe VIP interior package. Crew Seats with Sheepskin, Low-Profile Refreshment Cabinet, Forward Bulkhead with 
Large Windows, Aft-Facing Bench Executive Seats with Leather Upholstery, Forward-Facing Bench Seat with 
Leather Upholstery and Under-Seat Storage Compartments, Fold-Down Table with Wood Finish and Fold-Down 
Arm Rests with Cup Holders 
Exterior 
Overall Matterhorn White, Royale Blue, Toreador Red and Seahawk Grey Stripes. 
Logbooks 
Complete Logbooks are available. 
Specifications 
Aircraft Location 
NI OPASKA 
IOWA 
OChiCAQ0 
ILI I'M✓S 
01110 , 
PENN 
United States 
t/I0 ANA 
NeN York 
MDDI NJ 
COI ORA00 
KAN`•A‘ 
MISSOLA 
W CI 
V 
KINT„CKY 
GINIA 
OKi. ANOmA 
TENNESSEE 
ORIN 
CAROLINA 
ARKAN 
IOW MI 
CO 
Dallas 
MISS SS PP 
SOWN 
CAROLINA 
ALABAMA 
II KA% 
GEORGIA 
Od SIANA 
Go gle 
O 
Houston 
Map 0818 02019 Goo*, INEGI 
EFTA00812305
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00812306
--- PAGE 5 ---
FUEL EFFICIENCY 
1.68 
(MPG US): 
PER SEAT 
23.52 
EFFICIENCY: 
SEATING OPTIONS: 2+12 
EXTERNAL LENGTH 43.2 
(F1): 
EXTERNAL HEIGHT 11.7 
(FT): 
EXTERNAL SPAN 
(FT): 
ENGINE: 
TURBOMECA ARRIEL 1S1 
POWER OUTPUT 
725 EA 
FLAT RATING: 
INSPECTION 
3000 
INTERVAL: 
MAX AKEOFF 
WEIGTHT (LBS): 
MAX LANDING 
WEIGHT (LBS): 
EMPTY WEIGHT-
BOW (LBS): 
USEFUL LOAD 
(LBS): 
MAX FUEL (LBS): 
MAX FUEL 
(GALLONS): 
AVAIL PAYLOAD 
MAX FUEL (LBS): 
11700 
11700 
8227 
3473 
1897 
281 
1576 
EFTA00812307

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812308.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Dr. Thomson, I Won't Apologize to You! Quite the Contrary 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
For the past 5 months I have been subjected to an investigation of ASU's office of 
Equity and Inclusion, which had previously dismissed the claims of a woman from 
Australia that she had witnessed me touch the breast of another woman while 
taking a selfie at a banquet reception associated with the Australian Skeptics 
Conference in Melbourne Australia in Nov 2016. In October of 2017 they concluded 
that there was no substantiation for any such claim based on the photograph sent to 
them by the complainant, and the fact that no complaint was made to the University 
or to the Conference Organizers by the attendee I was alleged to have groped. The 
Provost of ASU wrote to me after the investigation had concluded that this was done 
for my own protection as if anyone else now harassed me with this same claim the 
University would indicate that their investigation had been concluded with a finding 
of no violation. A similar claim was made by the same complainant to another 
University I was affiliated with, the Australian National University, and after an 
investigation that lasted over a month, they too dismissed the claim. 
EFTA00812308
--- PAGE 2 ---
Nevertheless, in spite of the assurance from the Provost, under public pressure after 
the online tabloid BuzzFeed published this allegation about me in Febo of 2018 from 
the same woman, with a claim of two other witnesses to the event, the University 
reopened their investigation. 
Following a new internal investigation by the Office of Equity and Inclusion, the 
Provost issued a new finding about the same complaint with a different conclusion: 
that I had violated University Policy at this event. As I shall describe below, this 
reversal of decision, and violation of the Provost's earlier stated assurance 
regarding double jeopardy, was done in spite of the fact that the woman who I was 
alleged to have groped who had been contacted about the allegation again refused 
to issue a complaint The new process was highly flawed, biased and I am appealing 
process internally to the University—a process I was led to believe was confidential. 
While I at various times I have been frustrated, angry, and shocked by the 
inappropriate nature of the proceedings, to the point of wanting to speak out 
publicly, I decided to respect the confidentiality of the process, not only out of 
consideration for ASU, but also for the privacy of those involved including, yes, even 
the complainant. However, on July 31, ASU made the documents related to the 
University's finding effectively public by emailing them to to this complainant and 
that she immediately distributed them to the media, with a demand for a public 
apology. This action and her demand force me to respond publicly now regarding 
the issues that I will be addressing internally in the appeals process. I believe these 
issues impugn the veracity, integrity, and motivations of this woman, as well as the 
OEI's new interpretation of events at the Australian Skeptics meeting in Melbourne 
in November 2016. 
First, to frame the events in question, I was in Australia, in Nov 2016 to visit the 
Australian National University (ANU) in Canberra, where I held a visiting 
appointment in the Research School of Astrophysics at Mt. Stromlo, and while I was 
there I agreed to speak at a number of atheist and skeptics events in the country. I 
spoke at the Australian Skeptics Skeptics in Melbourne as part of this trip. This 
meeting was not a professional scientific meeting, but I view speaking at such events 
as an important public service that I am privileged to do because of my profile as a 
public advocate for science, skepticism and reason. In any case, during this meeting, 
there was a private banquet held at the Melbourne Zoo, which I attended. As the 
Zoo was closed when we arrived we remained in a private banquet hall for a 2 hour 
reception before the dinner. I stayed long enough to do a taped interview with a 
journalist, meet and greet, and do some selfies and autographs before I left to find 
dinner elsewhere. 
Almost nine months later I learned that the woman in question had made the 
allegation to both ASU and ANU that I had intentionally groped an acquaintance of 
hers at the banquet. To support her claim, she provided a photograph of a selfie 
which showed a woman (whose face was redacted) leaning back with her arm up in 
the air, presumably to hold her camera, and me behind her, also leaning backward, 
with my arm moving sideways above the woman's arm. 
EFTA00812309
--- PAGE 3 ---
I was naturally skeptical at the time, shocked in fact, when first ASU and then ANU 
contacted me about this claim. I have done perhaps in excess of 5,000 selfies over 
the past decade. Not only has no one else complained to me, or to my University, 
about these interactions, but, as I have stated in a previous public document in 
response to the BuzzFeed story that was initiated as a result of this woman's claim, I 
consciously make a great effort to make people feel safe and comfortable during 
these vulnerable experiences, as a host of people have written to me with kind offers 
to speak out on my behalf after the BuzzFeed article appeared. 
Moreover, what I indicated to the first investigator at ASU when I saw the 
photograph, and what I thought would have immediately popped into anyone's 
mind when they saw it was this: If I had the intention of suddenly groping someone 
in a selfie line for the first time, why would I choose to do it in full view of many 
others, during the taking of the selfie photograph? Moreover, why would I choose to 
do it so blatantly and clumsily, reaching up and over the raised outstretched arm of 
a woman leaning backward? I remain surprised that the Provost did not address 
this question, nor of course the OEI investigators, who throughout the process made 
it clear to me that they unskeptically accepted all claims, regardless of their nature 
or plausibility, while systematically disregarding exculpatory claims by others. But I 
shall have more to say about that in other contexts at a later time. 
Since I had no memory of any mishap, my first response after seeing the photograph 
was that was innocuous. It showed my arm moving sideways above the outstretched 
arm of a woman whose face was redacted during the taking of a selfie. We were 
both leaning backward as she reached upward with her camer, so I suggested that it 
was also possible that I, or the woman in question, lost their balance, and I reached 
out to steady either her or myself. A few days later, when thinking about the 
photograph (which I no longer had access to) again, and because I knew I had not 
groped anyone, I also reflected on the possibility that I was reaching out to block a 
potential flash, which I often do during such events if I anticipate such, as these 
blind me for other selfies. 
Now to come to the current situation: 
The woman who it was alleged that I had groped had continued to refuse to launch a 
complaint at the time, or later to ASU or ANU, or to the BuzzFeed reporters. Some 
time later, almost 2 years after the event, and after other pressures that I can only 
presume were brought to bear on her by the complainant, who put the ASU 
investigators in touch with her, she did agree to speak to an ASU Investigator. While 
I was subsequently informed that she had spoken to the ASU Investigator, I only a 
general summary of what she had said when I received the Investigator's report. I 
also learned from this that I apparently knew the woman and had met her 
numerous times in the past (I still don't know her identity, and I happy for her sake 
that her identity not been revealed to anyone.) 
Based on what I can discern from this, I must have bumped this woman in some way 
during this woman in the process of the selfie. From what I have read, her report of 
EFTA00812310
--- PAGE 4 ---
the event is completely consistent with my original view that in the process of 
steadying her or myself I may have unintentionally touched her, especially since we 
apparently knew each other before this event Her description of the event was "A 
clumsy interpersonal interaction", during which she states she did not feel 
victimized, and which she also states she and I resolved the issue on the spot, as two 
people who know each other would likely do. Had she reacted adversely, she would 
have let me know, which she said she did, I would have apologized and done what I 
could to help her feel comfortable afterwards. I cannot recall saying "Don't put that 
on facebook", since I don't even recall the event, but it is not unimaginable that I 
would have said this to ease any discomfort for an acquaintance with whom I took 
an awkward photograph. 
Since I have not had the opportunity to talk to the woman in the selfie or hear any 
further details from her, this is all I can say. But most importantly: (a) she agrees 
that we resolved whatever awkwardness occurred between us at the time, which 
would explain why the event would not have stuck in my own mind; (b) she did not 
any issue a complaint to the organizers of the meeting (nor did anyone else for that 
matter), and did not discuss it later on with me—an individual with whom she was 
apparently already familiar—and refused to substantiate Dr. Thomson's complaint 
when she issued it to ASU, ANU, and BuzzFeed; (c) Finally, according to her 
statement to ASU, she specifically asked Dr. Thomson not to make any complaint 
against me, a request that her 'friend' violated. 
Now to the relevant facts associated with the complainant, Dr. Melanie Thomson, 
who I was not familiar with until after I learned about her claims to BuzzFeed and 
ASU and ANU. Again, I stress that although I became aware of most of these before 
today, I had refrained from publicizing them until Dr. Thomson publicly invited 
comment from me after distributing the ASU document to the media. 
First, according to her statements to BuzzFeed, and her tweets she was on the 
lookout and "watching me like a hawk' in advance, looking for bad behavior, as she 
expressed distrust and dislike of me—more on this shortly. Looking at Dr. 
Thomson's public tweets and posts both before and after the events it is clear that, 
apparently due to treatment she believes she has received during her career, she 
has a great dislike of successful, high profile, male scientists, who she has referred to 
derogatively as 'Silverbacks'. She tweeted derisively about Stephen Hawking 's 
nursing requirements, and following the BuzzFeed article she tweeted that Steven 
Pinker could 'get in the same bin as I just put Krauss in'. 
Dr. Thomson is a prolific tweeter and even a cursory examination of her tweets 
suggests not only a strong hatred of senior male academics, but also a willingness to 
strike out strongly at friends and acquaintances of hers who disagree with her 
claims and arguments, calling them "femborgs" and describing them as having 
'Stockholm Syndrome" or "internalized misogyny" for example. She tweeted that 
"those of you defending Krauss right now, need to flip your current defective 
thinking" She also refers to Skeptics who disagree with her numerous times as 
"Septics" I feel for the individual in question as a result, who must have received 
EFTA00812311
--- PAGE 5 ---
strong pressure from Dr. Thomson, who finally put her in contact with the ASU 
investigator. I also find it quite plausible that the 3 claimed witnesses were not 
independent. In the original complaint to ASU, more than 6 months after the fact Dr. 
Thomson did not name any other eyewitnesses, even though she was in twitter 
communication as friends with the two who later appeared in the BuzzFeed article, 
and as she notes, who came forward only after the University had dismissed her 
original complaint. After the BuzzFeed article she specifically tweeted another 
individual asking her to contact her privately by Direct Message so she could discuss 
reaching out to make a report to ASU investigators. 
Dr. Thomson also has a history of making claims related to me that are not 
supported by the facts. On April 1 of 2017 she tweeted in reference to me that "the 
conference organizers who brought him here have beentold never to let him darken 
the doors of Oz again". As I describe in detail later, the conference organizers on 
numerous occasions testified to investigators at ASU and ANU that they had not 
received at any time complaints about me. Moreover, at the same time she tweeted 
about me (referring to me as an asshole) that "He's not being invited back". In fact 
the same conference organizers helped promote an event by me in Melbourne in 
May of 2017. I don't think that Dr. Thomson tweeted these incorrect claims as an 
April Fools joke. 
Dr. Thomson also displays a craving for publicity. After enthusiastically crowing 
about the BuzzFeed story, she actually publicly complained that "the most 
interesting thing about the #Krauss story? The fact that no Yankie Twitterati have 
responded to my tweets". Following the release of the current news story that 
prompted this response, she has already bemoaned that not enough people are 
emailing to her about it. 
So much for motivation, and credibility in the twittersphere. Returning to the 
specifics of my case, her complaint to ANU in October of 2017 involved two specific 
claims which later turned out to be clearly and objectively false: that (a) reiterating 
the incorrect complaint had been lodged to the organizers of the Skeptics event, and 
(b) that another photograph existed which showed me explicitly touching her 
friend's breast. I emphasize again that both ASU and ANU discerned from speaking 
to the organizers of the meeting that no complaint against me was lodged associated 
with that event or any other event that took place during the 3 days of the 
Australian Skeptics conference. (On the contrary, the overall reaction to my visit 
and lecture appeared to be universally positive. ) And even after repeated efforts by 
ANU to obtain the alleged second photograph, Dr. Thomson could not produce it. 
These appeared at the time to me to be fabrications which, given the vehemence 
with which Dr. Thomson aggressively attempted to impact first upon my career and 
then upon my reputation, appeared to be done with malice. 
Perhaps the most surprising and striking additional exculpatory factor however, is 
contained in the OEI report, but to my amazement, the OEI investigators did not 
acknowledge its falseness (although the Provost later did), and neither the OEI 
investigator nor the Provost seems to have recognized has significant impact upon 
EFTA00812312
--- PAGE 6 ---
the credibility of Dr. Thomson and her claims. Apparently not satisfied that her 
initial claim had enough merit on her own, she later contacted ASU with a second 
claim that the day following the incident in question, I had 'photobombed' a picture 
with her and another acquaintance of hers shortly after she had publicly kissed her 
friend leaving a clear lipstick mark on her cheek. She claimed during interaction I 
remarked "Girl on Girl action", which is not something I would generally say, but 
which would not have been inaccurate given her public display. That OEI would 
even consider 'photobombing' any sort of crime would itself be surprising, were it 
not for the fact that they have showed little desire to critically examine any claims 
during this process. The ASU OEI apparently received permission from Dr. Thomson 
and the other woman in the photograph to disseminate the photograph, and 
forwarded it in an email, so I assume it is available elsewhere on the web. Because 
the description of it is given in the documents sent to the media it is appropriate to 
present it here. It is presented at the beginning of this article. 
This is the photograph that alleges to demonstrate further harassment by me! I 
would suggest that if this photograph was shown to random individuals and they 
were asked who was harassing whom, they would universally come to a different 
conclusion. (Try it. I have.) Moreover, to make matters worse, ASU investigators 
talked to the other woman in the photograph who, as described in the document 
distributed to the media, not only had NO recollection of my saying anything 
untoward at the time, but moreover DID recall that Dr. Thomson remarked 
afterward that she hated me. 
The implications of this photograph to me seem significant, even if the significance 
seems to have been lost on the Provost and the OEI. This is manifestly NOT an 
example of photobombing, as was claimed. Her friend clearly has her arm around 
me in a way that demonstrates that she is not only aware of my presence in the 
photograph, but has invited it, and is happy about it. This goes to credibility. More 
than this, remember that this photograph was taken the day after the alleged 
incident at the private banquet Not only did Dr. Thomson allow her friend to 
appear in a selfie with me, but even after she mentioned that she explicitly hated me, 
she did not choose to tell her friend that I had groped another friend the night 
before, a fact that Dr. Thomson otherwise has suggested had a strong impact upon 
her at the time. Finally, neither woman appears agitated or recoiling in any way that 
would suggest fear, or manifest repugnance. Rather this looks like an innocent selfie. 
What I find absolutely amazing is that the OEI investigator who sent the photograph 
and who adjudicated the ASU finding described in the now public document, 
actually found that this photograph substantiated a violation of University policy by 
me (a finding only later overturned by the Provost)! She did NOT question that this 
was photobombing, and did not take the word of the woman standing closest to me 
that I did not utter the words claimed by Dr. Thomson as exculpatory. In fact, by the 
end of the investigation she was referring to Dr. Thomson not as Melanie, but as Mel. 
This remarkably uncritical unquestioning bias was characteristic of a process that I 
am now appealing at the University. 
EFTA00812313
--- PAGE 7 ---
So, in short, Dr. Thomson, I believe it is you who owes an apology to numerous 
people: 
1. You should apologize to your friend for violating her specific request to you, 
and for attempting to make her a victim in an event she did not feel 
victimized by. 
2. You should apologize to others you have demeaned for merely disagreeing 
with various venomous statements. 
3. You should apologize to ANU and ASU for making claims against me that are 
either unsubstantiated, or later turned out to be incorrect. 
4. You should apologize to the conference organizers for misrepresenting their 
lack of action after the event. 
5. You should apologize to me for so aggressively and preemptively trying to 
destroy my reputation and career by your claims for making defaming 
comments about my reputation with the organizers of the Sektpics Events, 
and for making similar efforts and claims to tarnish the reputation of other 
scientists. 
Dr. Thomson, has achieved many of her goals. Her public comments repeatedly 
appear to reflect someone who is on a vendetta to destroy various careers in an 
apparent attempt to gain popularity as a defender of women. In the process she has 
managed to trash my professional and personal reputation among many people, and 
has managed to lead what appears to be a strongly biased internal investigation at 
ASU to come to an inappropriate conclusion about one awkward moment at a 
private dinner (although she failed to do so at ANU, which dismissed her claim after 
an extensive investigation), and she has gotten her 5 minutes of fame. But one thing 
she will not get is an apology from me. 
EFTA00812314

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812315.pdf
----------------------------------------
MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 
This Confidentiality Agreement (this "Agreement"), dated as of 2nd August, 2018 (the 
"Effective Date"), is by and between Vincenzo Iozzo and Jeffrey Epstein (each, a "Party" and 
collectively, the "Parties"). 
1. 
Confidential Information. 
1.1 
In connection with the Parties working exploring the possibility of 
working together on certain projects of mutual interest (the "Purpose"), each Party may disclose 
to the other, directly or indirectly through one of more entities affiliated with such Party 
("Affiliated Entities"), which Affiliated Entities shall be listed on Exhibit A attached hereto, as 
updated from time to time by written notice of one Party to the other. Each Party and his 
Affiliated Entities that have been or may hereafter be provided or shown, or which otherwise 
receives access to such information (collectively, the "Receiving Party") agrees to treat any 
such information received from another Party and his Affiliated Entities (collectively the 
"Furnishing Party"), whether prepared by the Furnishing Party or otherwise, in accordance with 
the provisions of this Agreement and to take or abstain from taking certain other actions as set 
forth in this Agreement. 
1.2 
The Receiving Party shall use such Confidential Information solely for the 
Purpose and, subject to Section 1.5, shall not disclose or permit access to such Confidential 
Information, without the prior written consent of the Furnishing Party, other than to its 
employees, officers, attorneys and representatives (collectively, "Representatives") who: (a) 
need to know such Confidential Information for the Purpose; (b) know of the existence and terms 
of this Agreement; and (c) are bound by confidentiality obligations no less protective of such 
Confidential Information than the terms contained herein. The Receiving Party shall safeguard 
such Confidential Information from unauthorized use, access or disclosure using at least the 
degree of care it uses to protect its most sensitive information and no less than a reasonable 
degree of care. The Receiving Party shall promptly notify the Furnishing Party of any 
unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information and take all reasonable steps to 
prevent further use or disclosure. The Receiving Party will be responsible for any breach of this 
Agreement caused by its Representatives. 
1.3 
"Confidential Information" means all non-public, proprietary or 
confidential information of the Furnishing Party, in oral, visual, written, electronic or other 
tangible or intangible form, whether or not marked or designated as "confidential," including, 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any data, reports, interpretations, forecasts, 
know-how, technology, compositions, devices, plans, strategies, studies, technical data, 
intellectual property, the substance of agreements with clients, suppliers and others, marketing 
arrangements, strategic partnerships, customer lists, trade secrets, product development plans, 
research, inventions, ideas, concepts, designs, formulas, methods or processes, whether or not 
patented or patentable, channels of distribution, pricing policies and records, financial records 
and inventory records of the Furnishing Party, and such other information normally understood 
to be confidential or otherwise designated as such in writing by the Furnishing Party, as well as 
information discerned from, based on or relating to any of the foregoing which may be prepared 
EFTA00812315
--- PAGE 2 ---
by the Receiving Party, all of which the Receiving Party expressly acknowledges and agrees 
shall be confidential and proprietary information belonging to the Furnishing 
1.4 
Party; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include 
any information that: (a) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of 
the Receiving Party's or its Representatives' act or omission; (b) is obtained by the Receiving 
Party or its Representatives on a non-confidential basis from a third party that was not legally or 
contractually restricted from disclosing such information; (c) was in the Receiving Party's or its 
Representatives' possession, as established by documentary evidence, prior to the Furnishing 
Party's disclosure hereunder; or (d) was or is independently developed by the Receiving Party or 
its Representatives, as established by documentary evidence, without using any Confidential 
Information. Confidential Information also includes: (x) the facts that the Parties are in 
discussions regarding the Purpose and that Confidential Information has been disclosed; and (y) 
any terms, conditions or arrangements discussed. 
1.5 
If the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives is required by 
applicable law or a valid legal order to disclose any Confidential Information, the Receiving 
Party shall, prior to such disclosure, notify the Furnishing Party of such requirements so that the 
Furnishing Party may seek a protective order or other remedy, and the Receiving Party shall 
reasonably assist the Furnishing Party therewith. If the Receiving Party remains legally 
compelled to make such disclosure, it shall: (a) only disclose that portion of the Confidential 
Information that, in the written opinion of its legal counsel, the Receiving Party is required to 
disclose; and (b) use reasonable efforts to ensure that such Confidential Information is afforded 
confidential treatment. 
1.6 
Upon termination of this Agreement, the Receiving Party shall promptly 
return to the Furnishing Party all documents and papers relating to the Furnishing Party, 
including any Confidential Information, together with any copies thereof; provided that if either 
Party decides not to proceed with the Purpose and provides written notice to that effect to the 
other Party, the Receiving Party will promptly deliver or cause to be delivered to the Furnishing 
Party all documents or other matter furnished by the Furnishing Party or its agents or 
representatives to the Receiving Party or the Representatives constituting Confidential 
Information, together with all copies thereof in the possession of the Receiving Party or the 
Representatives. 
1.7 
The Receiving Party further agrees that it shall immediately notify the 
Furnishing Party of any breach of this Agreement and fully cooperate with the Furnishing Party 
to mitigate the effect of such breach. 
2. 
Term and Termination. Each Party's rights and obligations under this Agreement 
shall expire on the date that is the earlier of (i) three years after the Effective Date and (ii) any 
termination pursuant to Section 1.6 above, unless in either case any applicable privacy law 
requires a longer period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each 
Party's rights and obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the expiration or 
termination of this Agreement for a period of two years after such expiration or termination, even 
after the return of such Confidential Information by the Receiving Party; provided that with 
respect to Confidential Information that constitutes a trade secret under the laws of any 
EFTA00812316
--- PAGE 3 ---
jurisdiction, such rights and obligations will survive such expiration until, if ever, such 
Confidential Information loses its trade secret protection other than due to an act or omission of 
the Receiving Party or its Representatives. 
3. 
Additional Provisions. 
3.1 
The Furnishing Party has no obligation under this Agreement to (a) 
disclose any Confidential Information or (b) negotiate for, enter into or otherwise pursue the 
Purpose. The Furnishing Party provides all Confidential Information without any representation 
or warranty, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness thereof, and the Furnishing 
Party will have no liability to the Receiving Party or any other person relating to the Receiving 
Party's use of any of the Confidential Information or any errors therein or omissions therefrom. 
3.2 
The Furnishing Party hereby retains its entire right, title and interest, 
including all intellectual property rights, in and to all of the Confidential Information, and 
nothing herein shall be construed as a license, assignment or other transfer of any such right, title 
and interest to the Receiving Party or any other person. 
3.3 
The Receiving Party acknowledges and agrees that any breach of this 
Agreement will cause injury to the Furnishing Party for which money damages would be an 
inadequate remedy and that, in addition to remedies at law, the Furnishing Party is entitled to 
equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach. 
3.4 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties with 
respect to its subject matter, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, 
agreements, representations and warranties, whether written or oral, with respect to such subject 
matter. This Agreement may only be amended, modified, waived or supplemented by an 
agreement in writing signed by both Parties. 
3.5 
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be 
deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
3.6 
The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this 
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, United States, without giving 
effect to the principles of conflict of laws. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection 
with this Agreement shall be settled in a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware, 
and each of the Parties consents to the jurisdiction of such court (and of the appropriate appellate 
courts). In the event that either Party institutes any legal suit, action or proceeding against the 
other Party arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing Party in the suit, action or 
proceeding shall be entitled to receive, in addition to all other damages to which it may be 
entitled, the costs incurred by such Party in conducting the suit, action or proceeding, including 
reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses and court costs. 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 
EFTA00812317
--- PAGE 4 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement effective as 
of the date first written above. 
Name: Vincenzo lozzo 
Name: Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00812318
--- PAGE 5 ---
Exhibit A 
Affiliated Entities 
Iozzo Affiliated Entities 
Epstein Affiliated Entities 
Vicirle Holdings LLC 
EFTA00812319

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812320.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J, EDWARDS, 
Individually, and L.M., individually. 
Defendants. 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO.502009CA040800)OOCXMBAG 
JUDGE: HAFELE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S NOTICE OF SERVING ANSWERS TO DEFENDANT 
BRADLEY EDWARDS'S INTERROGATORIES 
Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein, by and through his undersigned counsel and pursuant to 
Rule 1.340 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, hereby certifies that the original 
answers to Defendant's Interrogatories was served upon Defendant and all parties hereto, 
via electronic service, this August 15, 2017. 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Fla. Bar No.: 
LAW OFFICES.. HADDAD, PA 
315 SE 71h Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
(facsimile) 
EFTA00812320
--- PAGE 2 ---
SERVICE LIST 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Jack Scat
i
:ila,E if
Searcy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Golcila..ei., Es .
. 
Atterbury, Goldberger, & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Ave. South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
East Broward Blvd. 
Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Brac
. 
J. Edwards, Es . 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Fred Haddad, 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Es uire 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
EFTA00812321

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812322.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transmitted on: 07/24/18 14:13:11.173 ET 
Bankof America', 
Merrill Lynch 
MERRILL LYNCH. PIERCE. FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED 
ML Ref. No: 00000201807242701569 
ATTN: 
OPERATIONS 
Fax Number: 
At: 
BAML 
A/C SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY. INC. 
Account: 
SOUTHERN TRUST 15704A21 
Confirmation No: 
2018-07-2414130172201 02 01 
Copy/Deg. No: 
01-02 
YOU SOLD 40,000 TENCENT HOLDINGS LTD ADR 
SEDOL: B3F2DZ7 
ISIN: US88032Q1094 
CUSIP: 88032Q109 
PRICE: 
413.13190000 USD 
PRINCIPAL: 
1.925.276.00 USD 
STAMP TAX OR LOCAL CHARGES: 
25.03 USD 
ML COMMISSION: 
1.600.00 USD 
ACCRUED INTEREST: 
USD 
INTEREST DAYS: 
NET CONSIDERATION: 
1,923,650.97 USD 
TRADE DATE: JUL-24-2018 
SETTLEMENT DATE: JUL-26-2018 
ML SECURITY: 741X9 
This preconfirmation constitutes a summary of the terms of the transaction for settlement purposes. 
The official record confirming the transaction will follow. 
AE NUMBER: 6807 
MERRILL LYNCH SETTLEMENT INSTRUCTIONS: 
DTC 00000161 MERRILL LYNCH.PIERCE.FENNER & SUBACCOUNT 15704A21 
CLIENT SETTLEMENT INSTRUCTIONS: 
DTC 00002251 LA SALLE NATIONAL BANK-DIRECTE SUBACCOUNT 603118.1 
Execution time is available upon request. 
EXECUTED 100PC OTC 
TRADE SUPPORT 212-449-0453 
EFTA00812322

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812323.pdf
----------------------------------------
81 2 1 708452824 
Ik7 
ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMISSION 
Powering Arizona's Future 
Corporations Division 
Date: 12/17/2018 
Delivered via: Email 
EFILE1234@INCF IL E.COM 
AZ 
USA 
RE: 
Entity Name: 
THE ORIGINS PROJECT FOUNDATION INC. 
ACC File Number: 
1929853 
ACC Order Number: 
201812130287966 
Document Received Date: 
12/13/2018 
Commissioners
Chairman, Tom Forese 
Bob Bums 
Boyd Dunn 
Andy Tobin 
Justin Olson 
We are pleased to notify you that the Articles of Incorporation - Nonprofit submitted for the above-referenced entity have or has been 
APPROVED for filing, 
If the known place of business of the corporation is NOT in Maricopa County or Pima County, the document must be published. 
The publication must be completed within 60 days after 12/17/2018, which is the date the ACC approved the document for filing, and must 
be in a newspaper of general circulation in the county of the known place of business in Arizona for three consecutive publications. A list of 
acceptable newspapers in each county is available on the ACC website at www.azcc.govidivisionsicoroorabons/newsoaoer-Sst-for-
publshinq.cdf. You may receive an Affidavit of Publication from the newspaper that may be filed with the ACC, but filing it is not mandatory. 
If the known place of business of the corporation is in Maricopa County or Pima County, the Commission has already posted 
notice of the approved document on its website at 
This posting by the Commission satisfies the statutory 
requirement for public notice, and no further action on your part is required in order to satisfy the notice requirement. You may, however, 
choose to provide additional public notice by publishing a copy of the approved document in a newspaper. If you choose to publish, the 
publication must be completed within 60 days after 12/17/2018, which is the date the ACC approved the document for fling, and must be in 
a newspaper of general circulation In the county of the known place of business In Arizona for three consecutive publications. A list of 
acceptable newspapers in each county is available on the ACC website at www.azcrdov/divisionc/coroorationsinewsoaDer-list-for-
pritlist  •g of
IMPORTANT: Corporations are required by statute to file an Annual Report with the ACC once each year. Your Annual Report is due 
on 12/13/2019 and on the anniversary of that date each subsequent year. Annual Reports can be submitted electronically through the ACC 
website. It is the corporation's sole responsibility to file its Annual Report on or before the due date each year. If the corporation provided 
an entity email address, it will receive an email reminder at that email address to file the annual report. Individual users who have created 
user accounts on our website and who have associated the corporation to that account through the 'My Entities" section will also receive an 
email reminder. Whether or not the corporation or any individual user requests or receives any email reminder, however, if the 
corporation fails to Me its Annual Report by the due date, penalties will accrue and the corporation will be subject to being administratively 
dissolved. 
Corporations are required by statute to notify the ACC immediately, in writing, of any change in address or statutory agent information. 
Forms are available on the ACC website to make address and statutory agent changes. Failure to notify the ACC of such changes may 
subject the corporation to being administratively dissolved. A forwarding order placed with the U.S. Postal Service is not sufficient to 
change addresses on file with the ACC. (Foreign corporations have additional filing requirements under A.R.S. § 10.1504 or § 10-11504 for 
other types of changes - see the statute for details.) 
The Corporations Division strongly recommends that you periodically monitor your corporation's public record, which can be viewed 
at yrww.ecoro.azcr.aov. If you have questions or for further information, contact Customer Service at 602-542-3026, or, within Arizona 
only, 800-345-5819. 
EFTA00812323
--- PAGE 2 ---
18121 708452824 
Interim Division Director Tanya Gibson 
1300 W.Washington Street,Phoenix, AZ 85007 602-542-3026 I ecoro.a7cc gov 
EFTA00812324
--- PAGE 3 ---
Arizona Corporation Commission - RECEIVED: 12/13/2018 
18121311027131 
Arizona Corporation Commission - FILED: 12/13/2018 
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 
NON-PROFIT CORPORATION 
ENTITY INFORMATION 
ENTITY NAME: 
ENTITY ID: 
ENTITY TYPE: 
EFFECTIVE DATE: 
CHARACTER OF BUSINESS: 
CORPORATION WILL HAVE MEMBERS: 
CORPORATION WILL NOT HAVE 
MEMBERS: 
STATUTORY AGENT INFORMATION 
THE ORIGINS PROJECT FOUNDATION INC. 
1929853 
Domestic Nonprofit Corporation 
12/13/2018 
Other Services (except Public Administration) 
NO 
YES 
STATUTORY AGENT NAME: 
JOHN EDWARDS 
PHYSICAL ADDRESS: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
KNOWN PLACE OF BUSINESS 
4201 E LAKESIDE LN, PARADISE VALLEY, AZ 85253 
PRINCIPAL INFORMATION 
4201 E LAKESIDE LANE , PARADISE VALLEY, AZ 
85253 
Director: John Edwards - 4201 E LAKESIDE LN, PARADISE VALLEY, AZ 85253 - - Date of Taking Office: 
Director: Joseph Logan - 9576 E KIISA DR. SCOTTSDALE. AZ 85262 - - Date of Taking Office: 
Director: Lawrence Krauss - 17575 Blue Heron CT, LAKE OSWEGO, OR 97034 - - Date of Taking Office: 
Director: Steven Home - 737 HAVENRIDGE DR SW, CONYERS, GA 30094 - - Date of Taking Office: 
Incorporator: MARSHA SIHA - 17350 STATE HWY 249, STE 220, HOUSTON. TX 77064 - 
EFILE1234@INCFILE.COM - Date of Taking Office: 
President: LAWRENCE KRAUSS - 17575 Blue Heron CT, LAKE OSWEGO, OR 97034 - - Date of Taking Office: 
Secretary: JOSEPH LOGAN - 9576 E KIISA DR, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85262 - - Date of Taking Office: 
Treasurer: JOHN EDWARDS - 4201 E LAKESIDE LN. PARADISE VALLEY. AZ 85253 - - Date of Taking Office: 
SIGNATURE 
Incorporator: MARSHA SIHA - 12/13/2018 
EFTA00812325
--- PAGE 4 ---
ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMISSION 
CORPORATIONS DIVISION 
NEWSPAPER LISTING 
This list is maintained by the Arizona Corporation Commission as a courtesy to its customers. The publishers of the newspapers 
appearing on this list have attested to the Commission that they meet the statutory requirements for publishing documents filed with 
the Commission. This list is not intended to be nor should it be considered an endorsement of any particular newspaper by the 
Commission. 
APACHE 
NAVAJO TIMES 
P.O. BOX 310 
WINDOW ROCK, AZ 86515 
928-871-1130 
WHITE MOUNTAIN INDEPENDENT 
PO BOX 1570 
SHOWLOW, AZ 85902 
928-537-5721 
COCHISE 
ARIZONA RANGE NEWS 
122 S. HASKELL 
WILCOX, AZ 85643 
520-384-3571 
THE BISBEE OBSERVER 
BISBEE ROAD, SUITE L 
BISBEE, AZ 85603 
520-432-7254 
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW 
MAIN STREET 
BISBEE, AZ 85603 
520-432-2331 
DOUGLAS DISPATCH 
530 11TH STREET 
DOUGLAS, AZ 85607 
520-364-3424 
SAN PEDRO VALLEY NEWS-SUN 
200 S. OCOTILLO 
BENSON, AZ 85602 
520-586-3382 
SIERRA VISTA HERALD 
102 FAB AVENUE 
SIERRA VISTA, AZ 85635 
520-515-4605 
THE TOMBSTONE NEWS 
P.O. BOX 1760 
525 E. ALLEN STREET, #4 
TOMBSTONE, AZ 85638 
520-457-3086 
COCONINO 
ARIZONA BUSINESS GAZETTE 
P.O. BOX 194 
PHOENIX, AZ 85001 
602-444-7315 
ARIZONA DAILY SUN 
1751 S. THOMPSON 
FLAGSTAFF, AZ 86001 
928-774-4545 
ASIAN AMERICAN TIMES 
2011 SOUTH HENKEL CIRCLE 
MESA, AZ 85202 
(480) 839-5139 
COCONINO continued 
LAKE POWELL CHRONICLE 
P.O. BOX 1716 
PAGE, AZ 86040 
928-645-8888 
NAVAJO TIMES 
P.O. BOX 310 
WINDOW ROCK, AZ 86515 
928-871-1130 
SEDONA RED ROCK NEWS 
P.O. BOX 619 
SEDONA, AZ 86339 
928-282-7795 
SOUTHERN UTAH NEWS 
245 S. 200 EAST 
KANAB, UTAH 84741 
435-644-2900 
WILLIAMS-GRAND CANYON NEWS 
118 S. THIRD STREET 
WILLIAMS, AZ 86046 
928-635-4426 
ARIZONA SILVER BELT 
298 N. PINE STREET 
P.O. BOX 31 
GLOBE, AZ 85501 
928-425-7121 
COPPER BASIN NEWS 
366 ALDEN ROAD 
KEARNY, AZ 85137 
520-363-5554 
THE PAYSON ROUNDUP 
P.O. BOX 2520 
708 N. BEELINE HWY 
PAYSON, AZ 85541 
928-474-5251 
THE SAN CARLOS APACHE MOCCASIN 
298 N. PINE STREET 
GLOBE, AZ 85501 
928-425-7121 
EASTERN ARIZONA COURIER 
301A E. HWY 70 
SAFFORD, AZ 85546 
928-428-2560 
,GREENLEE 
THE COPPER ERA 
301A E. HWY. 70 
SAFFORD, AZ 85546 
928-428-2560 
LA PAZ 
PARKER PIONEER 
1317 JOSHUA AVENUE, SUITE L 
PARKER, AZ 85344 
928-453-4237 Ext-222 
TODAY'S NEWS HERALD 
2225 W. ACOMA BLVD. 
LAKE HAVASU, AZ 86403 
928-4534237 Ext-214 
MARICOPA 
ARIZONA BUSINESS GAZETTE 
P.O. BOX 194 
PHOENIX, AZ 85001 
602-444-7315 
ARIZONA CAPITOL TIMES 
1835 W. ADAMS 
PHOENIX, AZ 85007 
602-258-7026 
ARIZONA CHINESE AMERICAN 
7328 N. 7THAVENUE 
PHOENIX, AZ 85021 
602-269-3062 
ASIAN AMERICAN TIMES 
2011 SOUTH HENKEL CIRCLE 
MESA, AZ 85202 
(480) 839-5139 
BUCKEYE STAR NEWS 
108 N. e STREET 
BUCKEYE, AZ 85326 
623-3744303 
BUCKEYE VALLEY NEWS 
122 S. 4TH ST 
BUCKEYE, AZ 85326 
623-386-4426 
DAILY NEWS-SUN 
17220 N. BOSWELL BLVD., SUITE 101 
SUN CITY, AZ 85373 
623-445-2700 
GILA BEND SUN 
P.O. BOX Z 
GILA BEND, AZ 85337 
928-683-2383 
GLENDALE STAR 
7122 N. 59TH AVENUE 
GLENDALE, AZ 85301 
623-842-6000 
JEWISH NEWS 
1430 E. MISSOURI AVENUE, SUITE B-225 
PHOENIX, AZ 85014 
602-870-9470 
PEORIA TIMES 
7122 N. 59m AVENUE 
GLENDALE, AZ 85301 
623-842-6000 
NEWSPAPER LISTING REV: 10/2017 
of 2 
Arizona Corporation Commission Corporations Division 
EFTA00812326
--- PAGE 5 ---
MARICOPA continued 
PIMA 
PINAL continued 
NAVAJO TIMES 
P.O. BOX 310 
WINDOW ROCK, AZ 86515 
928-871-1130 
THE FOOTHILLS FOCUS 
46641 N. BLACK CANYON HWY, STE #1 
NEW RIVER, AZ 85087 
623-465-5808 
THE FOUNTAIN HILLS TIMES 
16508 E. LASER DRIVE, UNIT 101 
FOUNTAIN HILLS, AZ 85268 
480-837-1925 
THE RECORD REPORTER 
2025 N. 3rd STREET, #155 
PHOENIX, AZ 85004 
602-417-9900 
WEST VALLEY VIEW 
1050 E. RILEY DRIVE 
AVONDALE, AZ 85323 
623-535-8439 
WICKENBURG SUN 
180 N. WASHINGTON STREET 
WICKENBURG, AZ 85390 
928-684-5454 
KINGMAN DAILY MINER 
3015 STOCKTON HILL RD 
KINGMAN, AZ 86401 
928-753-6397 
MOHAVE VALLEY DAILY NEWS 
2435 MIRACLE MILE 
BULLHEAD CITY, AZ 86442 
928-763-2505 
THE STANDARD 
221 E. BEALE ST. 
KINGMAN, AZ 86401 
928-753-1143 
TODAY'S NEWS HERALD 
2225 W. ACOMA BLVD. 
LAKE HAVASU, AZ 86403 
928-453-4237 Ext-214 
SOUTHERN UTAH NEWS 
245 S. 200 EAST 
KANAB, UTAH 84741 
435-644-2900 
NAVAJO 
ARIZONA DAILY SUN 
1751 S. THOMPSON 
FLAGSTAFF, AZ 86001 
928-556-2280 
NAVAJO HOPI OBSERVER 
2717 N. 4th STREET, SUITE 110 
FLAGSTAFF, AZ 86004 
928-226-9696 
NAVAJO TIMES 
P.O. BOX 310 
WINDOW ROCK, AZ 86515 
928-871-1130 
THE TRIBUNE-NEWS 
P.O. BOX 670 
HOLBROOK, AZ 86025 
928-524-6203 
WHITE MOUNTAIN INDEPENDENT 
P.O. BOX 1570 
SHOW LOW, AZ 85902 
928-537-5721 
NEWSPAPER LISTING REV: 10/2017 
MO COPPER NEWS 
P.O. BOX 39 
MO, AZ 85321 
520-387-7688 
ARIZONA BUSINESS GAZETTE 
P.O. BOX 194 
PHOENIX, AZ 85001 
602-444-7315 
ARIZONA CHINESE AMERICAN 
7328 N. 7TH AVENUE 
PHOENIX, AZ 85021 
602-269-3062 
ARIZONA DAILY STAR 
4850 S. PARK AVENUE 
TUCSON, AZ 85714 
520-573-4292 
ASIAN AMERICAN TIMES 
2011 SOUTH HENKEL CIRCLE 
MESA, AZ 85202 
(480) 839-5139 
GREEN VALLEY NEWS AND SUN 
P.O. BOX 567 
GREEN VALLEY, AZ 85622 
520-547-9743 
THE DAILY TERRITORIAL 
2900 E. BROADWAY BLVD., #113 
TUCSON, AZ 85716 
520-294-1200 
THE RECORD REPORTER 
2025 N. 3,4 STREET, #155 
PHOENIX, AZ 85004 
602-417-9900 
PINAL 
ARIZONA BUSINESS GAZETTE 
P.O. BOX 194 
PHOENIX, AZ 85001 
602-444-7315 
ARIZONA CHINESE AMERICAN 
7328 N. 7TH AVENUE 
PHOENIX, AZ 85021 
602-269-3062 
ARIZONA CITY INDEPENDENT 
200 W 2nd STREET 
CASE GRANDE, AZ 85122 
520-423-8605 
CASA GRANDE DISPATCH 
200 W 2nd STREET 
CASE GRANDE, AZ 85122 
520-423-8605 
COOLIDGE EXAMINER 
200 W 2nd STREET 
CASE GRANDE, AZ 85122 
520-423-8605 
COPPER BASIN NEWS 
366 ALDEN ROAD 
KEARNY, AZ 85137 
520-363-5554 
ELOY ENTERPRISE 
200 W tad STREET 
CASE GRANDE, AZ 85122 
520-423-8605 
FLORENCE REMINDER & 
BLADE-TRIBUNE 
190 N. MAIN STREET 
FLORENCE, AZ 85132 
520-423-8605 
SAN MANUEL MINER 
P.O. BOX 60 
SAN MANUEL, AZ 85631 
520-385-2266 
SUPERIOR SUN 
467 MAIN STREET 
SUPERIOR, AZ 85173 
520-363-5554 
SANTA CRUZ 
NOGALES INTERNATIONAL 
268 W. VIEW POINT DRIVE 
NOGALES, AZ 85621 
520-375-5760 
THE WEEKLY BULLETIN 
268 W. VIEW POINT DR. 
NOGALES, AZ 85621 
520-375-5760 
THE CAMP VERDE JOURNAL 
P.O. BOX 2048 
CAMPE VERDE, AZ 86322 
928-567-3341 
THE DAILY COURIER 
1958 COMMERCE CENTER CIRCLE 
PRESCOTT, AZ 86301 
928-445-3333 
VERDE INDEPENDENT 
116 S. MAIN STREET 
COTTONWOOD, AZ 86326 
928-634-2241 
YUMA 
YUMA SUN 
2055 S. ARIZONA AVE 
YUMA, AZ 85364 
928-539-6813 
of 2 
Arizona Corporation Commission Corporations Division 
EFTA00812327

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812328.pdf
----------------------------------------
Lawrence M. Krauss 
November 2017 
In July 2017 an unsubstantiated third party report was sent to two universities with which I 
am affiliated, suggesting that during a selfie session at a private banquet in Australia, 
unrelated to either school, I had touched an unidentified individual's breast (not the 
anonymous complainant) A selfie was attached, showing no contact, but implying that 
because my hand was in front of the camera, contact occurred after the photo was taken. 
I have posed for perhaps 5000 selfies over the past decade, and I take great pride in making 
people feel comfortable. People who come up to me photos are very vulnerable, and I 
recognize this and work to make them feel at ease and treat them with respect 
In any case, both Universities independently investigated the allegation (One university 
issued a temporary proactive suspension, even though the original report was 
unsubstantiated). Both University investigations found the report without support and 
defamatory (which would be subject to libel if publicly reported) and the temporary 
suspension by one was ended. Both concluded no violations of University policy took place. 
Moreover, at least one of the investigations obtained evidence inconsistent with the original 
claim. Attached is an excerpt from the original report of that university: 
'The allegation is that during the process of a conference attendee taking a 'sae with you at the convention gala dnner on 
Saturday 26 November 2016. you reached over the conference attendees right shoulder and gabbed the conference 
attendees right breast with your right hand, moments after the conference attendee took a photograph with their mobile 
phone...lt is the University's understanding that a complaint was lodged directly to the conference organisers at the time of the incident' 
The final investigation yielded the following: 
*. The complaint id not identify, nor disclose the identity of the conference attendee who was allegedly touched in 
an unwelcome manner. 
• The conference attendee who took the 'selfie' photo did not lodge a formal complaint to the conference organisers 
at the time of the incident (November 2016). 
• The conference attendee who witnessed the incident, did not lodge a formal complaint to the conference organisers 
at the time of the incident (November 2016). 
• The photo submitted as part of the complaint does not provide evidence of any physical contact 
• The complainant alleged that a photo exists, showing your hand on the breast of the conference attendee who took 
the 'sere' photo. This photo was not made available to the Australian National University, although it was requested 
ki the course of the investigation.' 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
■ 
EFTA00812328

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812329.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: Carla Mehnke, OEI 
From: Lawrence M. Krauss, Aug 27, 2018 
Reopen Investigation into Australian Skeptics Meeting allegation 
I am writing to ask you to reopen your investigation yet again, on the basis of new 
evidence. At least three crucial new pieces of evidence now exist: 
1. An analysis of the photograph that Melanie Thomson submitted with her 
claim, which she stated occurred moments before I allegedly touched the 
breast of the woman in the photograph, actually shows my hand and arm 
moving away from the woman, not toward her. It thus provides no 
evidentiary support for her claim, and moreover demonstrates this is a 
false claim. It thus provides no support at all for the claim of accidental or 
intentional touching. The only evidence it does provides is; 
a. The woman in question was leaning against me at the time 
b. Melanie Thomson lied about what happened immediately after the 
photo was taken. 
2. Melanie Thomson recorded a podcast after ASU released the results of your 
investigation, which she subsequently forwarded to the press. Here is the 
link omp://files.secietagencies.com.au/Episodel I2.m23) On that podcast she 
lies repeatedly about various aspects of her claim compared to the 
information she either gave to you, BuzzFeed magazine, or in numerous 
other public statements about this event and also contradicts the 
testimony of the other witnesses in your investigation: 
a. She admits that the motivation for submitting this claim was NOT 
the seriousness of the event in question, but rather due to 
i. her objection to something she thought I said six months later 
and with which she disagreed, deciding I needed to be 
punished. As she put it, upon hearing this, "I lost my mind". 
She subsequently realized that the words were not mine in a 
blog she updated (see below), but did not mention this in her 
podcast 
ii. She also admits that she was manipulated and coached into 
making the complaint by a woman from Case Western Reserve 
University who first approached her after reading her blog of 
April 2017 (see below). Melanie admits to colluded with this 
woman in framing the form and content of her complaint 
b. She makes it explicitly clear that neither she nor anyone else made 
any complaint at the time. 
c. She admits to meeting and colluding with other claimants, to 'send a 
message, not simply to report an incident She points out that in 
preparing the claim to ASU "WE managed to get people together with 
BuzzFeed", implying collusion with other 'witnesses'. 
d. She states the other witness quoted by MU ,Michael Marshall did 
not witness the breast touching itself, countering his claim made 
Commented VDU: I think you need to explain, 
using the ghost-Image stuff, why that Is. You could lust 
cut and paste it from the appeal If you'd like. 
login Dillon 
2018-08-27 08:11:00 
Commented (M2]: You should explain why that 
Is—go back to the report and quote exactly what she says 
about II, then explain (In conclusion, as a reminder) why 
the ghost-Image analysis shows that can't be true. 
login Dillon 
2018-08-27 08:12:00 
Commented UD3j: I don't find any of this 
persuasive, at least not as an argument reopen, for which 
the standard is going to be fairly high. To me. It reads like, 
thought he was a creep and had seen what happened. 
then I eventually decided enough was enough and I had 
to do something about IC 
Pusan Dillon 
2018.08.27 08:14:00 
EFTA00812329
--- PAGE 2 ---
to you. She says explicitly she was the only eye-witness to the 
event. Either she is lying, in which case this further impugns her 
testimony, or Michael Marshall was lying, which impugns his. 
Either way they cannot both be credible witnesses. 
3. Melanie Thomson confirmed in the interview that her blog post in April 2017 
is what initiated the complaint process. This post, which is defamatory, 
makes other false claims for which there is no evidence—including that there 
is a photo with my hand on the woman in question's breast This blog further 
demonstrates willingness to embellish or lie, and thus further undermines 
her credibility as a witness. https://drmelthomson.wordpress.com 
4. A witness contacted after Melanie Thomson submitted a second selfie to Erin 
Ellison at ASU which she claimed was evidence of photobombing, and taken 
one day after the event in question, reported that Melanie said of me at the 
time "I hate that man" suggesting malicious motivation for making a 
complaint 
5. In the interim I have received further email from someone at the event 
claiming to see no inappropriate behavior at the banquet that evening, 
(which confirms the statement of the conference organizer regarding his 
observations of the evening) claiming I was a perfect gentleman who tried to 
meet and greet as many people as I could in the short time I was there. I 
submitted a copy of that email to the President in my appeal of the proposed 
University disciplinary action as a result of this complaint. 
This new information strongly discredits the significance of the two people who 
claim to be eyewitnesses other than myself and the anonymous woman in the 
photograph. The anonymous woman essentially corroborates my claim that the 
interaction, if it occurred at all, was a clumsy accident, for which she did not feel 
victimized or worth reporting to you. 
I believe that on the basis of new evidence, it is appropriate to reopen the 
investigation to include this evidence, and be prepared to change your conclusion 
about the likelihood of a violation of University Policy. Having already done this 
once before there is already a precedent for this. 
As a result of this new evidence, a reasonable conclusion would be that "it is 
more likely than nor that any possible touching that may or may not have 
occurred associated with the selfie in Australia was at worst an accident, and 
not intentional, and clearly not sexual in intent. 
I look forward to hearing from you or the Provost at your earliest convenience with 
a new determination in this matter. 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Commented 1JD4]: I think this is a strong point. 
lustin Dillon 
2018-08-27 08:15:00 
Commented LIDS]: I don't find this persuasive. It 
shows your hand in her breast area-1 think she was 
speaking imprecisely. 
Pugin Dillon 
2018-08-27 08:15:00 
Commented LIDS]: I think this Is worth saying; you 
should ask her to ask Thomson about her bias, etc 
lusun Dillon 
2018-08-27 08:16:00 
Commented UD7]: This is fine to keep. 
Justin Dillon 
2018.08.27 08:16:00 
Commented UD8]: Enke to line edit this once we 
decide what you're going to keep and what you're going 
to throw out, but no need to do that now. 
Pusan Dillon 
2018-08-27 08:17:00 
EFTA00812330

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812331.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: Carla Mehnke, OEI 
From: Lawrence M. Krauss 
Reopen Investigation into Australian Skeptics Meeting allegation 
I am writing to ask you to reopen your investigation yet again, on the basis of new 
evidence. At least two crucial new pieces of evidence now exist: 
1. The photograph in question, allegedly showing me reaching for the breast of 
an identified woman has been analyzed and actually shows my hand and arm 
reaching away from the woman. It thus does not provide any supporting 
evidence for the claim, and also further impugns the credibility of Melanie 
Thomson, who submitted it (Also, it is clear from my face, when compared 
with 10,000 other selfies you can find online, that I am not ready for the 
selfie in that photo.. No smile.. And if this photo occurred after any accidental 
touching rather than before as claimed, there is no evidence of shock or leer 
on my face.). 
2. Melanie Thomson recorded a podcast after ASU released the results of your 
investigation, which she subsequently released to the press. Here is the link. 
(http://files.secretagencies.com.au/Episode112.mp3) On that podcast: 
a. She admits, contradicting her earlier claim, that the motivation for 
ultimately submitting this claim was NOT the event in question, but 
her objection to something I said six months later that she read or 
heard, and with which she disagreed, deciding I needed to be 
punished. Thus admitting not only malice in her intent, but also 
further underscoring that at the time the claimed transgression didn't 
rise to the level of raising a complaint, even for her. 
b. She admits to meeting and colluding with other claimants, flying to 
the US to meet with the young woman from CWRU who lodged her 
own false claim there, and equally important she points out that in 
preparing the claim to ASU "WE worked with BuzzFeed", indicating 
collusion once again with her supporting claimants. 
As a result of these factors, the photographic evidence needs to be dismissed, and 
the credibility of the chief witness further diminished, with the likelihood of 
collusion with the other claimed witness increased. Thus, all that remains is the 
testimony of the anonymous woman herself, who essentially corroborates my claim 
that the interaction, if it occurred at all, was a clumsy accident, for which she did not 
feel victimized and not worthy of reporting to you or being disciplined for. Not only 
this, but I remind you that this woman insisted on remaining anonymous, so as you 
have indicated to me, her testimony that this even happened cannot be given full 
weight 
EFTA00812331
--- PAGE 2 ---
As a result of this new evidence, it is clear that "it is more likely than nor that 
any possible touching that occurred associated with the selfie in Australia was 
at most accident, and not intentional, and clearly not sexual in intent. 
I recognize the potential embarrassment for you to reverse your determination, and 
the new evidence should compel you to do. But, it is reasonable to say that on the 
basis of new evidence, you have changed your conclusion. After all, you have 
already done this once before. 
I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience with a new 
determination. 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
EFTA00812332

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812333.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: Carla Mehnke, OEI 
From: Lawrence M. Krauss 
Reopen Investigation into Australian Skeptics Meeting allegation 
I am writing to ask you to reopen your investigation yet again, on the basis of new 
evidence. At least two crucial new pieces of evidence now exist: 
1. The photograph in question, allegedly showing me reaching for the breast of 
an identified woman has been analyzed and actually shows my hand and arm 
reaching away from the woman. It thus does not provide any supporting 
evidence for the claim that it was taken showing me reaching out, and also 
further impugns the credibility of Melanie Thomson, who submitted it. Also, 
it is clear from my face, when compared with 10,000 other selfies you can 
find online, that I am not ready for the selfie in that photo.. No smile.. And if 
this photo occurred after any accidental touching rather than before as 
claimed, there is no evidence of shock or leer on my face. 
2. Melanie Thomson recorded a podcast after ASU released the results of your 
investigation, which she subsequently released to the press. Here is the link. 
(http://files.secretagencies.com.au/Episode112.mp3) On that podcast: 
a. She admits, contradicting her earlier claim, that the motivation for 
ultimately submitting this claim was NOT the event in question, but 
her objection to something I said six months later that she read or 
heard, and with which she disagreed, deciding I needed to be 
punished, "I lost my mind" 
b. She then colluded with the young woman from Case in framing her 
complaint (this woman was not at the event or in the same 
hemisphere) who told her what to argue for and what to expect. 
Melanie was thereby admitting to being coached in her claim by 
others. 
c. Both a and b demonstrate the claimed transgression didn't rise to the 
level of raising a complaint, even for her, and that her complaint was 
motivated by other interests, pressures, and collusion. 
d. She makes it explicitly clear that she made no complaint at the time. 
e. Dr. Thomson she told the woman in the second selfie, taken a day 
after the event in question that "she hated me", demonstrating clear 
malice. 
f. She admits to meeting and colluding with other claimants, to 'send a 
message', not simply to report an incident. She points out that in 
preparing the claim to ASU "We managed to get people together with 
BuzzFeed", implying strong collusion. 
g. She ststes the other witness Michael Marshall did not witness the 
breast touching itself, countering the claim made to you. She says 
explicitly she was the only eye-witness to the event 
EFTA00812333
--- PAGE 2 ---
In light of these factors, all that now remains is the testimony of the anonymous 
woman herself—whose insistence on remaining anonymous is telling—who 
essentially corroborates my claim that the interaction, if it occurred at all, was a 
clumsy accident, for which she did not feel victimized and not worthy of reporting to 
you or being disciplined for. 
As a result of this new evidence, I believe it is clear that "it is more likely than 
nor that any possible touching that occurred associated with the selfie in 
Australia was at most accident, and not intentional, and clearly not sexual in 
intent 
I believe it is reasonable that on the basis of new evidence, for you to change your 
conclusion. After all, you have already done this once before. 
I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience with a new 
determination. 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
EFTA00812334

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812335.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: Carla Mehnke, OEI 
From: Lawrence M. Krauss, Aug 27, 2018 
Reopen Investigation into Australian Skeptics Meeting allegation 
I am writing to ask you to reopen your investigation yet again, on the basis of new 
evidence. At least three crucial new pieces of evidence now exist: 
1. An analysis of the photograph that Melanie Thomson submitted with her 
claim, which she stated occurred moments before I allegedly touched the 
breast of the woman in the photograph, actually shows my hand and arm 
moving away from the woman, not toward her. It thus provides no 
evidentiary support for her claim, and moreover demonstrates this is a 
false claim. It thus provides no support at all for the claim of accidental or 
intentional touching. The only evidence it does provides is; 
a. The woman in question was leaning against me at the time 
b. Melanie Thomson lied about what happened immediately after the 
photo was taken. 
2. Melanie Thomson recorded a podcast after ASU released the results of your 
investigation, which she subsequently forwarded to the press. Here is the 
link (http://files.secretagencies.com.au/Episode112.mp3) On that podcast she 
lies repeatedly about various aspects of her claim compared to the 
information she either gave to you, BuzzFeed magazine, or in numerous 
other public statements about this event and also contradicts the 
testimony of the other witnesses in your investigation: 
a. She admits that the motivation for submitting this claim was NOT 
the seriousness of the event in question, but rather due to 
i. her objection to something she thought I said six months later 
and with which she disagreed, deciding I needed to be 
punished. As she put it, upon hearing this, "I lost my mind". 
She subsequently realized that the words were not mine in a 
blog she updated (see below), but did not mention this in her 
podcast 
ii. She also admits that she was manipulated and coached into 
making the complaint by a woman from Case Western Reserve 
University who first approached her after reading her blog of 
April 2017 (see below). Melanie admits to colluded with this 
woman in framing the form and content of her complaint. 
b. She makes it explicitly clear that neither she nor anyone else made 
any complaint at the time. 
c. She admits to meeting and colluding with other claimants, to 'send a 
message', not simply to report an incident. She points out that in 
preparing the claim to ASU "WE managed to get people together with 
BuzzFeed", implying collusion with other 'witnesses'. 
d. She states the other witness quoted by ASU ,Michael Marshall did 
not witness the breast touching itself, countering his claim made 
EFTA00812335
--- PAGE 2 ---
to you. She says explicitly she was the only eye-witness to the 
event Either she is lying, in which case this further impugns her 
testimony, or Michael Marshall was lying, which impugns his. 
Either way they cannot both be credible witnesses. 
3. Melanie Thomson confirmed in the interview that her blog post in April 2017 
is what initiated the complaint process. This post, which is defamatory, 
makes other false claims for which there is no evidence—including the claim 
that there is a photo with my hand on the woman in question's breast. This 
blog further demonstrates willingness to embellish or lie, and thus further 
undermines her credibility as a witness. 
https://drmelthomson.wordpress.com
4. A witness contacted after Melanie Thomson submitted a second selfie to Erin 
Ellison at ASU which she claimed was evidence of photobombing, and taken 
one day after the event in question, reported that Melanie said of me at the 
time "I hate that man" suggesting malicious motivation for making a 
complaint 
5. In the interim I have received further email from someone at the event 
claiming to see no inappropriate behavior at the banquet that evening, 
(which confirms the statement of the conference organizer regarding his 
observations of the evening) claiming I was a perfect gentleman who tried to 
meet and greet as many people as I could in the short time I was there. I 
submitted a copy of that email to the President in my appeal of the proposed 
University disciplinary action as a result of this complaint. 
This new information strongly discredits the significance of the two people who 
claim to be eyewitnesses other than myself and the anonymous woman in the 
photograph. The anonymous woman essentially corroborates my claim that the 
interaction, if it occurred at all, was a clumsy accident, for which she did not feel 
victimized or worth reporting to you. 
I believe that on the basis of new evidence, it is appropriate to reopen the 
investigation to include this evidence, and be prepared to change your conclusion 
about the likelihood of a violation of University Policy. Having already done this 
once before there is already a precedent for this. 
As a result of this new evidence, a reasonable conclusion would be that "it is 
more likely than not" that any possible touching that may or may not have 
occurred associated with the selfie in Australia was at worst an accident, and 
not intentional, and clearly not sexual in intent 
I look forward to hearing from you or the Provost at your earliest convenience with 
a new determination in this matter. 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
EFTA00812336

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812337.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812337.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: Carla Mehnke, OEI 
From: Lawrence M. Krauss, Aug 2;28, 2018 
Reopen Investigation into Australian Skeptics Meeting allegation 
I am writing to ask you to reopen your investigation yet again, on the basis of new 
evidence. At least three crucial new pieces of evidence now exist: 
1. An analysis of the photograph that Melanie Thomson submitted with her claim, 
which she stated occurred moments before I allegedly touched the breast of the 
woman in the photograph, actually shows my hand and arm moving away from 
the woman, not toward her. Notice the ghost images caused by the movement 
trail to the right of my fingers, and also the ghost image of my jacket on my arm. 
fA-ghost-anage-is-what-happens-when-a-piature is taking-when-someene-is 
obizet.1  It would be impossible to create these if my hand and arm 
were moving to the right because the !thirst tillages trail the movement, they 
don't go in front of it! This is thus not a photograph of me reaching toward the 
woman's body, but rather moving it away from her. ireeleat-how-my.-Arigets 
appear-longer-than-they-shoot-beeause-the
raiting-awas4asre-moving 
towacd-horr m.IL.wrPittl-would-appeaf-loaser
pear-shocter 
tl.c ghost :image s, aiL. tl.e Metriinitart, 
rn.,eedc 
 I have 
now shown this to other colleagues who have confirmed this analysis—I-would-be 
happy4siv.e
rva-people-if-.
. The photo itself is 
not evidence of my reaching to grab anything on the woman. It thus provides no 
evidentiary support for MelapieThmson1/2 -the claim that I crabbed this 
woman immediately after this photo, and moreover demonstrates this is a 
false claim.. It-thes-prevides-ftesttppett-m-all-fer-dte-elaira-ef-heidental-or 
intentional-tette-NitrThe only evidence it does provides is;i 
a. The woman in question-the photo was leaning toward-back against  me at 
the time takingtelfteshe took the selfie 
_Melanie Thomson lied-was wrong about what happened immediately after 
the photo was taken. Quoting from the ASU Investigative Report: 
"Thomson described that she witnessed Respondent, 22reach over her 
[anonymous female's] right shoulder and clamp his right hand firmly on 
her right breast moments after she [the  anonymous female] took the 
photograph— (emphasis mine). 
b. As you can see, that's not true 
at the time the photo was taken, my hand 
was not touching her, and it was moving away, towards me. -This-Stirkge6tS 
dmt I...ay 
hen she bt....ped :nte n.c to L.k.. 
the-piettmarlikely-beeouse-she-made-me-siumble. and then-taken-the-photo 
when.4.4vasaLt_reaoh-as4-trie440.4teadym54i,141. 
^b0w 
the 
s of,,I.,s.c, ...ake 
th..1 .annot .how 
that-1 
after 
ttte-photo-was-takearMelanie Thomson -was w long when ,The said Oval—
fesfid-se-inush-Getrtaintiabegt- it ii-ftial 144t,-14apd-fti-b4itwe-that 
Mr3 art Inmest atistak-use of this photo to attempt to substantiate her 
Commented UDR]: I think les a mistake to say 
there was no accidental touching. Remember, she was 
upset after. You definitely touched her. I realized that 
you're making a more refined point (this shows no 
touching at all). but you cant
 arguments like 
that. Keep the attack on 
version, not on 
whether you touched her at all. 
Justin Dillon 
2018-08-2808:01A0 
Commented UDR]: Here's the thing: like many 
people who aren't used to dealing with witnesses, you are 
too quick to assume that an innocent misrecollection is a 
lie. I don't think Melanie was lying about when the photo 
was taken. I think she lust doesn't remember. It all 
happened very qukkly. and human memory Isn't a video 
recorder. So I actually don't think using this to accuse her 
of lying about this is very effective. I think you might 
better use it to attack her memory, or something like that. 
But going as far as to say she's lying about the timing of 
the photoseems less effective to me. Her concern is the 
(act of the grope, not when it happened in relation to the 
photo. That's what she would have bee focused on. 
Pusan Dillon 
2018.08.28 08:09:00 
EFTA00812337
--- PAGE 2 ---
claim was disingenuou 
as-bad-as-possible., 
2. Melanie Thomson recorded a podcast after ASU released the results of your 
investigation, which she subsequently forwarded to the press. Here is the link. 
(http://files.secmtagencies.com.au/Episode)12.mp3) On that podcast she lies 
repeatedly about various aspects of her claim compared to the information 
she either gave to you, BunFeed magazine, or in numerous other public 
statements about this event and also contradicts the testimony of the other 
witnesses in your investigation. In particulari 
a. She reiterates that what prompted her complaint to ASU was not the event 
in question but other concerns she had about me as a result of both 
objections to something she thought I said on the radio, and to cajoling by 
a woman at Case Western Reserve University in the US who contacted her 
in April, who coached and framed what she should say. She admits to 
colluding with other witnesses to :!send a message::: not simply to report 
an incident. As she points out that in preparing the claim to ASU, "WE 
managed to get people together with BuzzFeecr. 
b=She states the other witness quoted by ASU ,Michael Marshall did not 
witness the breast touching itself, countering his claim made to you. 
She says explicitly she was the only eye-witness to the event. Either 
she is lying, in which case this further impugns her testimony, or 
Michael Marshall was lying, which impugns his. Either way, they 
cannot both be credible witnesses. 
b. 
3. Melanie Thomson confirmed in the interview that her blog post in April 2017 is 
what initiated the complaint process. This post, which is defamatory, makes other 
false claims for which there is no evidence—including that there is a photo with 
my hand on the woman-in-questionls-'s breast—a claim she repeated to the ANU 
investigators but could not produce such a photo even after repeated requests from 
them. This blog further demonstrates willingness to embellish or lie. 
https://drmelthomson.wordpress.com 
4. A witness contacted after Melanie Thomson submitted a second selfie to Erin 
Ellison at ASU which she claimed was evidence of photobombing, and taken one 
day after the event in question, reported that Melanie said of me at the time "I 
hate that man," suggesting malicious motivation for making a complaint. Note 
that she did not refer at all to any settle when making that statement, and it 
confirms a deep prejudice against me that as far as I am aware, was not 
adequately taken into account in your earlier investigation. 
57—In the interim I have received further email from someone at the event claiming to 
see no inappropriate behavior at the banquet that evening, (which confirms the 
statement of the conference organizer regarding his observations of the evening) 
claiming I was a perfect gentleman who tried to meet and greet as many people as 
I could in the short time I was there. I submitted a copy of that email to the 
President in my appeal of the proposed University disciplinary action as a result 
of this complaint. 
EFTA00812338
--- PAGE 3 ---
5. 
This new information should increase your reliance on the two actual participants in the 
event: myself and the anonymous woman in the photograph. The woman essentially 
corroborates my claim that the-whatever  interaction may haverif-it-eeeatreti-at-all;
occurred associated with the selfie was a clumsy accident, for which she did not feel 
victimized or worth reporting to you. 
I believe that this new evidence is cause to re-open the investigation, and can change your 
conclusion about the likelihood of a possible violation of University Policy. Having 
already done this once before there is already a precedent for this. 
As a result of this new evidence, a reasonable conclusion would be that aft is more 
likely than not" that any possible touching that may th ..gray ..et have occurred 
associated with the settle in Australia was at worst an accident, and not intentional, 
and clearly not sexual in intent. 
I look forward to hearing from you or the Provost at your earliest convenience.e-with-a 
ne4v-deterM4OatiOli:m4hes-matterregartling-whethec-you-will-reopen-your-iavestigation 
about-this-matte: 
LawrenDe-Ma.-namso 
Commented UD3]: Egon little softer here. 
Justin Dillon 
2018.08.28 08:12:00 
EFTA00812339

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812340.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: Carla Mehnke, OEI 
From: Lawrence M. Krauss, Aug 27, 2018 
Reopen Investigation into Australian Skeptics Meeting allegation 
I am writing to ask you to reopen your investigation yet again, on the basis of new 
evidence. At least three crucial new pieces of evidence now exist: 
1. An analysis of the photograph that Melanie Thomson submitted with her claim, 
which she stated occurred moments before I allegedly touched the breast of the 
woman in the photograph, actually shows my hand and arm moving away from 
the woman, not toward her. Notice the ghost images to the right of my fingers, 
and also the ghost image of my jacket on my am fit ghost image is what 
happens when a picture is taking when someone is moving—the image trails a 
moving obiect and appears as a "ghost" that trails behind the obiect.)  It would be 
impossible to create these if my hand and arm were moving to the right—because 
the ghost images trail the movement, they don't go in front of it! This is thus not 
a photograph of me reaching toward the woman's body, but rather moving it away 
from her. Look at how my fingers appear longer than they shoot because they're 
trailing away). If I were moving toward her, my wrist would appear longer, and 
my fingers would appear shorter—because again, the ghost image trails the 
movement: it doesn't precede it.  I have now shown this to other colleagues who 
have confirmed this analysis—I would be happy to give you the names of those 
people if you would like. The photo itself is not evidence of my reaching to grab 
anything on the woman. It thus provides no evidentiary support for Melanie 
Thomson's claim that I grabbed this woman immediateIN after this photo, 
and moreover demonstrates this Is a false claim., 14-thus-prewiles-n0-SUffpeft-at 
ell-let-the-efatot-elleeeitleniel-er intentional-retiehit
The only evidence it does 
provides is_; 
a. The woman in question was leaning toward-back against me at the time 
taking-e-selfteshe took the selfie 
_Melanie Thomson lied-was wrong about what happened immediately after 
the photo was taken. Quoting from the ASU Investigative Report: 
"Thomson described that she witnessed Respondent, _-reach over her 
[anonymous female's] right shoulder and clamp his right hand firmly on 
her right breast moments after she the anonymous female) took the 
photograph— (emphasis mine). 
b. As you can see, that's not true—at the time the photo was taken, my hand 
was not touching her, and it was moving away, towards me. 4414h-StifteSts 
dint I ettny hey.. “ecidzikelly t„bekal ha what, .,M. battycel :me tn., t., ink, 
the-pictoreAikely-beeause she-made-me-stumblerend then-taken-the photo 
ken I —at-- 't xidy, ar I triad to rtaady myrtlo. It Arnim. •"t rk— th,
lent tkit it „„„ t 
Ilia I t„.„1,...1 
the photo-was-takenMelanie Thomson -wes-wroftg-when she-seidihaii—
aatia-expressed so much certainty about it that it is hard to believe that 
this was an honest mistake, rather than an intentional effort to mis-use 
photornake-me-look-as-bad-as-possible. 
Commented UD1.]: t think les a mistake to say 
there was no accidental touching. Remember, she was 
upset after. You definitely touched her. I realized that 
you're making a more refined point (this shows no 
touching at all), but you can't silo your arguments like 
that. Keep the attack on Melanie's version, not on 
whether you touched her at all. 
login Dillon 
2018-08-28 08:01:00 
Commented UD21: Here's the thing: like many 
people who aren't used to dealing with witnesses, you are 
too quick to assume that an innocent misrecollection is a 
lie. I don't think Melanie was lying about when the photo 
was taken. I think she lust doesn't remember. It all 
happened very quickly, and human memory isn't a video 
recorder. So I actually don't think using this to accuse her 
of lying about this is very effective. I think you might 
better use It to attack her memory, or something like that. 
But going as far as to say she's lying about the timing of 
the photo seems less effective to me. Her concern is the 
fact of the grope, not when it happened In relation to the 
photo. That's what she would have bee focused on. 
Pusan Dillon 
2018.08.28 08:09:00 
EFTA00812340
--- PAGE 2 ---
to,c.lf any accidental touching did occur, it was likely when she presumably 
leaned up against me to take the photograph. which I had not even yet 
readied myself for at the time the photograph was taken. 
2. Melanie Thomson recorded a podcast after ASU released the results of your 
investigation, which she subsequently forwarded to the press. Here is the link. 
(http://files.secretagencies.com.au/Episode112.mp3) On that podcast she lies 
repeatedly about various aspects of her claim compared to the information 
she either gave to you, Buzzreed magazine, or in numerous other public 
statements about this event and also contradicts the testimony of the other 
witnesses in your investigation. In particular: 
a. She reiterates that what prompted her complaint to ASU was not the event 
in question but other concerns she had about me as a result of both 
objections to something she thought I said on the radio, and to cajoling by 
a woman at Case Western Reserve University in the US who contacted her 
in April, who coached and framed what she should say. She admits to 
colluding with other witnesses to "'send a messagel," not simply to report 
an incident. As she points out that in preparing the claim to ASU, "WE 
managed to get people together with BuzzFeed,";
b-She states the other witness quoted by ASU ,Michael Marshall did not 
witness the breast touching itself, countering his claim made to you. 
She says explicitly she was the only eye-witness to the event. Either 
she is lying, in which case this further impugns her testimony, or 
Michael Marshall was lying, which impugns his. Either way, they 
cannot both be credible witnesses. 
b. 
3. Melanie Thomson confirmed in the interview that her blog post in April 2017 is 
what initiated the complaint process. This post, which is defamatory, makes other 
false claims for which there is no evidence—including that there is a photo with 
my hand on the woman in question's breast—a claim she repeated to the ANU 
investigators but could not produce such a photo even after repeated requests from 
them. This blog further demonstrates willingness to embellish or lie. 
https://cIrmelthomson.wordpress.com 
4. A witness contacted after Melanie Thomson submitted a second selfie to Erin 
Ellison at ASU which she claimed was evidence of photobombing, and taken one 
day after the event in question, reported that Melanie said of me at the time "I 
hate that man: suggesting malicious motivation for making a complaint. Note 
that she did not refer at all to any settle when making that statement, and it 
confirms a deep prejudice against me that as far as I am aware, was not 
adequately taken into account in your earlier investigation. 
rrin the interim I have received further email from someone at the event claiming to 
see no inappropriate behavior at the banquet that evening, (which confirms the 
statement of the conference organizer regarding his observations of the evening) 
claiming I was a perfect gentleman who tried to meet and greet as many people as 
I could in the short time I was there. I submitted a copy of that email to the 
President in my appeal of the proposed University disciplinary action as a result 
of this complaint. 
EFTA00812341
--- PAGE 3 ---
5. 
This new information should increase your reliance on the two actual participants in the 
event: myself and the anonymous woman in the photograph. The woman essentially 
corroborates my claim that the-whatever  interaction may hayL. ;C:t O&M f,".1 at .11, 
occurred associated with the selfie was a clumsy accident, for which she did not feel 
victimized or worth reporting to you. 
I believe that this new evidence is cause to re-open the investigation, and can change your 
conclusion about the likelihood of a possible violation of University Policy. Having 
already done this once before there is already a precedent for this. 
As a result of this new evidence, a reasonable conclusion would be that "it is more 
likely than not" that any possible touching that may or-in-ay—net-have occurred 
associated with the selfie in Australia was at worst an accident, and not intentional, 
and clearly not sexual in intent. 
I look forward to hearing from you or the Provost at your earliest convenience.e-with-a 
no-. &termination in thi, mattarreeardine whethar yn- 
ream your in,-rtigatin.% 
aboot-Fhi", 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Commented UD3]: rd go a little softer here. 
Justin Dillon 
2018.08.2808:12:00 
EFTA00812342

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812343.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: Carla Mehnke, OEI 
From: Lawrence M. Krauss, Aug 28, 2018 
New Evidence Regarding Australian Skeptics Meeting allegation 
I am writing to bring to your attention new evidence that has come to light regarding this 
allegation, which should impact upon any finding. At least three crucial new pieces of 
evidence now exist: 
1. An analysis of the photograph that Melanie Thomson submitted with her claim, 
which she stated occurred moments before I allegedly touched the breast of the 
woman in the photograph, actually shows my hand and arm moving away from 
the woman, not toward her. Notice the ghost images caused by the movement 
trail to the right of my fingers, and also the ghost image of my jacket on my arm. 
It would be impossible to create these if my hand and arm were moving to the 
right—because the ghost images trail the movement, they don't go in front of it! 
This is thus not a photograph of me reaching toward the woman's body, but rather 
moving it away from her. Other colleagues who have confirmed this analysis. 
The photo itself is not evidence of my reaching to grab anything on the woman. 
It thus provides no evidentiary support for the claim that I grabbed this 
woman immediately after this photo. Claiming the opposite is false. The only 
evidence it does provide is: 
a. The woman in the photo was leaning back against me at the time she took 
the selfie 
b. Quoting from the ASU Investigative Report: "Thomson described that she 
witnessed Respondent, `reach over her [anonymous female's] right 
shoulder and clamp his right hand firmly on her right breast moments after 
she [the anonymous female] took the photograph'" (emphasis mine). As 
you can see, that's not true—at the time the photo was taken, my hand was 
not touching her, and it was moving away, towards me. 
2. Melanie Thomson recorded a podcast after ASU released to her the results of your 
investigation, which she then immediately forwarded to the press. Here is the link. 
(hftp://files.secretagencies.com.au/Episode112.mp3) On that podcast she lies 
repeatedly about various aspects of her claim compared to the information 
she either gave to you, BuzzFeed magazine, or in numerous other public 
statements about this event and also contradicts the testimony of the other 
witnesses in your investigation. In particular: 
a. She revealed that what prompted her complaint to ASU was not the 
incident in question, but rather personal disagreement with something she 
thought I said about science advocacy, many months later. She admits to 
being cajoled by a woman previously associated with Case Western 
Reserve University in the US, who directly contacted her in response to a 
blog in April 2017. She also admits to being coached by that woman 
regarding expectations for the eventual complaint. Furthermore, she 
admits to colluding with other witnesses to send a message, not simply to 
report an incident. She states that in preparing the claim to ASU, "WE 
managed to get people together with BuzzFeed." 
EFTA00812343
--- PAGE 2 ---
b. She states the other witness quoted by ASU, Michael Marshall did not 
witness the breast touching itself, countering his claim made to you. 
She says explicitly she was the only eye-witness to the event. Either 
she is lying, in which case this further impugns her testimony, or 
Michael Marshall was lying, which impugns his. Either way, they 
cannot both be credible witnesses. 
3. Melanie Thomson confirmed in the interview that her blog post in April 2017 is 
what initiated the complaint process. This post, which is defamatory, makes other 
false claims for which there is no evidence—including that there is a photo with 
my hand on the woman's breast—a claim she repeated to the ANU investigators 
but could not not substantiate when ANU investigators asked her to produce the 
photo. This blog further demonstrates willingness to embellish or lie. 
https://drmelthomson.wordpress.com 
4. A witness contacted by ASU after Melanie Thomson submitted a second selfie to 
Erin Ellison, which she incorrectly claimed was evidence of photobombing, and 
taken one day after the event in question, reported that Melanie said of me at the 
time "I hate that man," suggesting malicious bias at the very least. Melanie did 
not refer to any selfie taken the day before when making that statement, and it 
confirms a deep prejudice against me that, as far as I am aware, was not 
adequately taken into account in your earlier investigation. 
5. In the interim I recently received an email from someone at the event claiming to 
see no inappropriate behavior at the banquet that evening and stating that I was a 
perfect gentleman who tried to meet and greet as many people as I could in the 
short time I was there. A copy of that email resides with the President's office. 
This new information should increase your reliance on the two actual participants in the 
event: myself and the anonymous woman in the photograph. The woman essentially 
corroborates my claim that whatever interaction may have occurred associated with the 
selfie was a clumsy accident that did not make her feel victimized and that she did not 
deem worth reporting to you. 
I believe that this new evidence is sufficient to cause you to change your determination 
about the likelihood of a possible violation of University Policy. Having already done this 
once before in this matter there is already a precedent for this. 
As a result of this new evidence, a reasonable conclusion would be that "it is more 
likely than not" that any possible touching that may have occurred associated with 
the selfie in Australia was accidental, and not intentional, and not sexual in nature. 
I look forward to hearing from you or the Provost at your earliest convenience. 
EFTA00812344

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812345.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: Carla Mahnke, OEI 
Digitally signed by 
Lawrence Krauss 
From: Lawrence M. Krauss, Aug 28, 2018
Date: 2018.0819 
10.5653.0700' 
New Evidence Regarding Australian Skeptics Meeting allegation 
I am writing to bring to your attention new evidence that has come to light regarding this 
allegation, which should impact upon any finding. At least three crucial new pieces of 
evidence now exist: 
1. An analysis of the photograph that Melanie Thomson submitted with her claim, 
which she stated occurred moments before I allegedly touched the breast of the 
woman in the photograph, actually shows my hand and arm moving away from 
the woman, not toward her. Notice the ghost images caused by the movement 
trail at the end of my fingers, and also the ghost image of my jacket on my arm. 
These would not appear if my hand and arm were moving toward the woman—
because the ghost images trail the movement, they don't go in front of it. This is 
thus not a photograph of me reaching toward the woman's body. Other 
colleagues have confirmed this analysis. The photo itself is not evidence of me 
reaching to grab anything on the woman. It thus provides no evidentiary 
support for the claim that I grabbed this woman immediately after this photo. 
There are two things this photo does substantiate: 
a. The woman in the photo was leaning back against me at the time she took 
the selfie 
b. The claim by Melanie Thomson is incorrect. Quoting from the ASU 
Investigative Report: "Thomson described that she witnessed Respondent, 
`reach over her [anonymous female's] right shoulder and clamp his right 
hand firmly on her right breast moments after she [the anonymous female] 
took the photograph' (emphasis mine). As you can see, that's not true—
at the time the photo was taken, my hand was not touching her. It was 
moving away, towards me. 
2. Melanie Thomson recorded a podcast after ASU released to her the results of your 
investigation, which she then immediately forwarded to the press. Here is the link. 
(http://files.secretagencies.com.au/Episode112.mp3) On that podcast she lies 
repeatedly about various aspects of her claim compared to the information 
she either gave to you, BuzzFeed magazine, or in numerous other public 
statements about this event and also contradicts the testimony of the other 
witnesses in your investigation. In particular: 
a. She revealed that what prompted her complaint to ASU was not the 
incident in question, but rather personal disagreement with something she 
thought I said about science advocacy, many months later. She admits to 
being cajoled by a woman previously associated with Case Western 
Reserve University in the US, who directly contacted her in response to a 
blog in April 2017. She also admits to being coached by that woman 
regarding expectations for the eventual complaint. Furthermore, she 
admits to colluding with other witnesses to send a message, not simply to 
report an incident. She states that in preparing the claim to ASU, "WE 
managed to get people together with BuzzFeed." 
EFTA00812345
--- PAGE 2 ---
b. She states the other witness quoted by ASU, Michael Marshall did not 
witness the breast touching itself, countering his claim made to you. 
She says explicitly she was the only eye-witness to the event. Either 
she is lying, in which case this further impugns her testimony, or 
Michael Marshall was lying, which impugns his. Either way, they 
cannot both be credible witnesses. 
3. Melanie Thomson confirmed in the interview that her blog post in April 2017 is 
what initiated the complaint process. This post, which is defamatory, makes other 
false claims for which there is no evidence—including that there is a photo with 
my hand on the woman's breast—a claim she repeated to the ANU investigators 
but could not not substantiate when ANU investigators asked her to produce the 
photo. This blog further demonstrates willingness to embellish or lie. 
https://drmelthomson.wordpress.com 
4. A witness contacted by ASU after Melanie Thomson submitted a second selfie to 
Erin Ellison, which she incorrectly claimed was evidence of photobombing, and 
taken one day after the event in question, reported that Melanie said of me at the 
time "I hate that man," suggesting malicious bias at the very least. Melanie did 
not refer to any selfie taken the day before when making that statement, and it 
confirms a deep prejudice against me that, as far as I am aware, was not 
adequately taken into account in your earlier investigation. 
5. In the interim I recently received an email from someone at the event claiming to 
see no inappropriate behavior at the banquet that evening and stating that I was a 
perfect gentleman who tried to meet and greet as many people as I could in the 
short time I was there. A copy of that email resides with the President's office. 
This new information should increase your reliance the two people directly involved in 
the interaction: myself and the anonymous woman in the photograph. The woman 
essentially corroborates my claim that whatever interaction may have occurred associated 
with the selfie was a clumsy accident that did not make her feel victimized and that she 
did not deem worth reporting, and specifically instructed Dr. Thomson not to do so. 
I believe that this new evidence is sufficient to cause you to change your determination 
about the likelihood of a possible violation of University Policy. Having already done this 
once before in this matter there is already a precedent for this. 
As a result of this new evidence, a reasonable conclusion would be that "it is more 
likely than not" that any possible touching that may have occurred associated with 
the selfie in Australia was accidental, and not intentional, and not sexual in nature. 
I look forward to hearing from you or the Provost at your earliest convenience. 
EFTA00812346

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812347.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE ORIGINS PROJECT LLC 
2181204557 
Order Information 
Entity Type: LLC 
Entity State: ARIZONA 
Order Type: PLATINUM 
Date Ordered: Dec 04, 2018 8:32 pm 
Contact Information 
Contact Name: LAWRENCE KRAUSS 
Billing Name: LAWRENCE KRAUSS 
Phone: 
Operating Agreement: I 
Banking Resolution: I 
EIN Included: I 
Streetl : 
City: 
Company Information 
Company Name: THE ORIGINS PROJECT LLC 
Purpose: To excite people about the world, using 
podcasts, events, and video productions 
Regagent: x 
Kit:
Expedited: I 
Fedex: I 
Charge Total: $349.00 
Ordernum: 2181204557 
State 
Zip 
Streetl: 20425 N 22ND AVE State: AZ 
City: PHOENIX 
Zip: 85027 
Agent Information 
Agent Name: GUS HOLWERDA 
Streetl: 20425 N 22ND AVE 
City: PHOENIX 
EIN Information 
Name: LAWRENCE KRAUSS 
Street 1 
City 
State: 
Zip: 
Members Information 
First Name: LAWRENCE 
Last Name: KRAUSS 
Streetl: 
City: 
State: 
Zip: 
Ownership: 60% 
First Name: LUKE 
Last Name: HOLWERDA 
Streetl: 
City: 
State: 
Zip: 
Ownership: 13% 
State: AZ 
Zip: 85027 
Classification: TWO OR MORE OWNERS 
Activity: OTHER 
First Name: NANCY 
Last Name: DAHL 
CT 
Streetl: 
City: 
State: 
Zip: 
Ownership: 14% 
First Name: GUS 
Last Name: HOLWERDA 
T 
Streetl: 
City: 
State: 
Zip: 
Ownership: 13% 
EFTA00812347

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812348.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE ORIGINS PROJECT FOUNDATION INC. 
2181212786 
Order Information 
Entity Type: NONPROFIT 
Entity State: ARIZONA 
Order Type: PLATINUM 
Date Ordered: Dec 12, 2018 1:32 pm 
Banking Resolution: I 
Meeting Minutes: I 
Bylaws: I 
EIN Included: I 
Regagent: x 
Kit: I 
Expedited: I 
Fedex: I 
Charge Total: $339.00 
Ordernum: 2181212786 
Contact Information 
Contact Name: LAWRENCE KRAUSS 
Street1: 
State: 
Billing Name: LAWRENCE KRAUSS 
City: 
Zip: 
Phone: 
Company Information 
Company Name: THE ORIGINS PROJECT FOUNDATION INC. Streetl: 4201 E LAKESIDE LN State: AZ 
Purpose: The Company will produce public events 
City: PARADISE VALLEY 
Zip: 85253 
designed to inspire and inform the public 
about the cosmos 
Agent Information 
Agent Name: JOHN EDWARDS 
Streetl: 4201 E LAKESIDE LN 
City: PARADISE VALLEY 
EIN Information 
Name: LAWRENCE KRAUSS 
Street 1: 
City: 
State: 
Zip: 
T 
State: AZ 
Zip: 85253 
Activity: 
Directors Information 
First Name: LAWRENCE 
First Name: JOHN 
First Name: JOSEPH 
Last Name: KRAUSS 
Last Name: EDWARDS 
Last Name: LOGAN 
Street1: 
T 
Street1: 
Street1: 
City: 
City: 
City: 
State: 
State: 
State: 
Zip: 
Zip: 
Zip: 
First Name: STEVEN 
Last Name: HORNE 
Street1: 
City: 
State: 
Zip: 
Officer Information 
Title President 
Title Secretary 
Title Treasurer 
First Name: LAWRENCE First Name: JOSEPH First Name: JOHN 
Last Name: KRAUSS 
Last Name: LOGAN 
Last Name: EDWARDS 
EFTA00812348

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812349.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sales Order 321842 
Customer LVJET 
Express Radio, Inc. 
10852 Wiles Road 
Coral Springs, FL 33076 
Telephone: 954/344-9050 
Bill To: 
LSJE, LLC. 
Attn: Brice Gordon 
6100 Red Hook Ourater, B3 
St. Thomas. VI 00802 
USVI 
Ship To: 
LSJE. LLC. 
Attn: Brice Gordon 
6100 Red Hook Qurater, B3 
St. Thomas. VI 00802 
USVI 
Date 
Ship Via 
F.O.B. 
Terms 
06/22118 
Pick Lin 
CREDIT CARD 
Purchase Order Number 
Order Date 
Salesperson 
Our Order Number 
Email-Larry 
0$/22i113 
TH 
T.H 
Quantity 
Item Number 
Description 
Tax 
Unit Price 
Amount 
Rect. 
Ship 
B.O. 
I 
I 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
AAH02RDH9VA1AN 
PA 
RMU5700 
CHANNELI 
CHANNEL2 
AA103750BNC-N 
)LA XPR3500e UHF LIMITED 
KEYPAD 
PROGRAM PER ATTACHED LIST 
LR5700 REPEATER 
W/DUPLEXER 
TX= . 
RX= . 
/ 
TX= . 
RX= . 
/ 
BASE ANTENNA ASSEMBLY 5DB 450-470 
Z 
ZZ 
ZZZ 
0.00 
3650.00 
0.00 
0.00 
450.00 
Nontaxable Subtotal 
Taxable Subtotal 
Tax 
Total Order 
13150.00 
0.00 
0.00 
13150.00 
Customer Original (Reprinted) 
Pnnr 
EFTA00812349

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812350.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVE ROADRUCK 
PRESIDENT 
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC 
12887 PLUMMER GRANT ROAD 
TELEPHONE: 
JA 
(904) 802-0743 
EMAIL: 
FAX: 
(904) 802-0753 
MEMORANDUM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
From: Steve Roadruck 
Re: 
Patrick Noel Adams 
Date: 02/12/18 
R-20-18 
Patrick Noel Adams, DOB: 12/24/1958 
SSN: 563-11-5857 
I have attached a Comprehensive Report on Patrick N. Adams. 
The Comprehensive report did not contain any criminal cases. The 
criminal activity reported in the Comprehensive Report was for a person 
born in 1982. Probably his son. 
It appears Patrick has been in the Virgin Islands since 2005. 
He shows ownership in a residential property at 313 Brentwood Road, 
Piedmont,, SC 29673. 
He has a number of small amount judgments from Montana. 
He is not on a Global Watch List. 
I did a nationwide U.S. District Court search and did not find any 
criminal or civil cases. He does have a 2017 Chapter 13 Bankruptcy 
case which is still active. I copied the docket sheet and Petition. 
EFTA00812350
--- PAGE 2 ---
He was checked in Anderson, Greenville and Pickens Counties, South 
Carolina and he did not have any criminal history. 
EFTA00812351
--- PAGE 3 ---
DEBTED 
United States Bankruptcy Court 
District of South Carolina (Spartanbu rg) 
Bankruptcy Petition #: 17-06113-h b 
Date filed: 12/05/2017 
Assigned to: Judge Helen E. Bunt 
341 meeting: 01/31/2018 
Chapter 13 
Deadline for filing claims: 02/13/2018 
Voluntary 
Deadline for filing claims (govt.): 06/04/2018 
Asset 
Debtor 
Patrick Noel Adams 
St. Thomas, VI 00807 
ANDERSON-SC 
• 
SSN / ITIN 
Trustee 
Gretchen D. Holland 
Ch. 13 Trustee Office 
Roper Corners Circle, Suite C 
U.S
2961.5 
Trustee 
US Trustee's Office 
Strom Thurmond Federal Building 
1835 Assembly St. 
Suite 953 
Columbia, SC 29201 
represented by Robert A. Pohl 
POHL, 
PO Box 27290 
Greenville. SC 29616 
Fax
-5291 
Email: 
Filing Date 
.., 
# 
Docket Text 
, 
12/05/2017 
.1. 
(14 pgs) 
Chapter 13 Voluntary Petition - Individual Filed by Robert A. 
Pohl of POHL, P.A. on behalf of Patrick Noel Adams. (Pohl, 
Robert) (Entered: 12/05/2017) 
12/05/2017 
' 
Bankruptcy Form 121 SSN. Filed by Robert A. Pohl of POHL, 
P.A. on behalf of Patrick Noel Adams. (Pohl, Robert) (Entered: 
12/05/2017) 
12/05/2017 
a 
(1 pg) 
Certificate of Credit Counseling Filed by Robert A. Pohl of 
POHL, P.A. on behalf of Patrick Noel Adams. (Pohl, Robert) 
(Entered: 12/05/2017) 
12/05/2017 
(21 pgs) 
Copies of Payment Advices Filed by Robert A. Pohl of POHL, 
P.A. on behalf of Patrick Noel Adams. (Pohl, Robert) (Entered: 
EFTA00812352
--- PAGE 4 ---
12/05/2017) 
12/05/2017 
Debtor's Request to Decline Electronic Noticing. DOCUMENT 
IMAGE AVAILABLE ONLY TO COURT USERS AND THE 
TRUSTEE/US TRUSTEE. Filed by Robert A. Pohl of POI-ff., 
P.A. on behalf of Patrick Noel Adams. (Pohl, Robert) (Entered: 
12/05/2017) 
12/05/2017 
Receipt of Filing Fee for Voluntary Petition (Chapter 13) (any) 
(17-06113) [misc,volp13aci ( 310.00). Receipt Number 
10523564, amount 310.00. (U.S. Treasury) (Entered: 
' 
12/05/2017) 
12/05/2017 
I 
(3 pgs; 2 dots) 
Notice of Chapter 13 Bankruptcy Case, Meeting of Creditors, 
Deadlines and Notide oiAppointment of Interim Trustee 
Gretchen D. Holland, .Document Served. 341(a) meeting to be 
held on 01/31/2018 at 09:30 AM at Spartanburg. Last day to 
oppose dischargeability of certain debts is 04/02/2018. Proofs of 
Claim or Interest die by 02/13/2018. Confirmation Hearing to 
be held on 03/08/2018 at 10:00 AM at Spartanburg. (Entered: 
12/05/2017) 
12/06/2017 
Notice of Filings Due: Summary of Assets and Liabilities, 
Schedule A/B, Schedule C, Schedule I), Schedule E/F, Schedule 
G, Schedule H, Schedule I, Schedule .1, Statement of Financial 
Affairs, Statement Disclosing Anticipated Increase in 
Income/Expenditures, Ch. 13 Statement of Current Monthly 
Income and Calculation of Commitment Period and Disposable 
Income, Chapter 13 Plan,. All Missing Documents Must be 
Filed by 12/19/2011-filed by Gretchen D. Holland. (Holland, 
Gretchen) (Entered: 1W06/2017)
12/08/2017 
I 
(3 pgs) 
Certificate of Service of Meeting of Creditors Notice as served 
by the Bankruptcy Noticing Center. Notice Date 12/08/2017. 
(Related Doc # n) (Admit) (Entered: 12/09/2017) 
12/18/2017 
ji 
(6 pgs; 2 does) 
Motion to Extend Time To File Schedules, Statement of 
Financial Affairs, Plan•and Other Documents Required Under 
USC Section 521(a) with Certificate of Service Filed by 
Robert A. Pohl of POHL, P.A. on behalf of Patrick Noel Adams 
(related document(s)1). (Attachments: #2, Proposed Order) 
(Pohl, Robert) (Entered:• 12/18/2017) 
• 
12/19/2017 
(2 pgs; 2 does) 
Order Granting Motion to Extend Time to File 
Schedules/Statements until 1/2/2018. (Related Doc # a). 
Document Served. (Lee, D) (Entered: 12/19/2017) 
12/21/2017 
io 
(2 pgs) 
Certificate of Service of Document as served by the Bankruptcy 
Noticing Center. Notice Date 12/21/2017. (Related Doc # 2) 
(Admin.) (Entered: 12/22/2017) 
01/03/2018 
a 
Schedules Filed: Summary of Assets and Liabilities Schedule 
EFTA00812353
--- PAGE 5 ---
(46 pgs) 
A/B Schedule C Schedule D Schedule E/F Schedule C Schedule 
H Schedule I Schedule J Declaration About an Individual 
Debtors Schedules; Statements Filed: Statement of Financial 
Affairs Chapter 13 Statement of Current Monthly Income and 
Calculation of Cominitrnent Period Chapter 13 Calculation of 
Your Disposable Income Disclosure of Compensation Of 
Attorney For Debtor for an Individual Filed by Robert A. Pohl 
of POHL, P.A..on behalf of Patrick Noel Adams. (Pohl, Robert) 
(Entered: 01/03/2018)
. • 
01/03/2018 
(5 pgs) 
Plan Filed by Patrick Noel Adams. (Pohl, Robert) (Entered: 
01/03/2018) 
• 
01/04/2018 
ii 
(2 pp; 2 dots) 
Deficiency Notice re:. Plan (related document(s)12). Filing not 
in accordance with local forms SC LBR 3015-1. Deficiency 
Correction Due By: 1/16/2018 (McAbee, B) (Entered: 
01/04/2018) 
01/05/2018 
(2 pgs) 
Certificate of Service related to Schedules/Statements Filed, 
Plan Filed by Robert A. Pohl of POHL, P.A. on behalf of Patrick 
Noel Adams. (related document(s)11, 12). (Pohl, Robert) 
(Entered: 01/05/2018) 
01/12/2018 
.1.i 
(1 pg) 
Notice of Appearance and Request for Notice Filed by Jason D 
Wyman of Rogers Townsend & Thomas, PC on behalf of Wells 
Fargo Bank, N.A.. (Wyman, Jason) (Entered: 01/12/2018) 
01/18/2018 
lfi 
(9 pgs) 
Notice of Mortgage Payment Chaq (no claim on register) 
Filed by BANK OF AMERICA, M. (Bank of America) 
(Entered: 01/18/2018) 
01/22/2018 
(9 pgs) 
Notice, Pre-Confirmation Modified Ch. 13 Plan Objections due 
no later than 7 days prior to the Confinnation Hearing. Filed by 
Patrick Noel Adams. (Pohl, Robert) (Entered: 01/22/2018) 
01/22/2018 
la 
(2 pgs) 
.. 
.
• 
Certificate of Service related to Modified Plan Filed by Robert 
A. Pohl of POHL, P.A. on behalf of Patrick Noel Adams. 
(related document(s)17). (Pohl, Robert) (Entered: 01/22/2018) 
02/01/2018 
Meeting of Creditors Held and Examination of Debtor (Holland, 
Gretchen) (Entered: 02/01/2018) 
PACER Service Center 
Transaction Receipt 
02/12/2018 13:32:40 
PACER 
Ilroadruck:2623271:01Opq0ro 
EFTA00812354
--- PAGE 6 ---
Login: 
'Code: 
I 
Description: Docket Report 
Search 
Criteria: 
17-06113-hb Fil or Ent; 
filed Doc From: 0 Doc To: 
99999999 Term: included 
Format: html Page counts 
for documents: included 
Billable 
Pages: 
Cost: 
0.20 
EFTA00812355
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 17-06113-hb 
Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 Desc Main 
Document 
Page 1 of 14 
Fill in this information to identify your case: 
United States Bankruptcy Court for the: 
DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA 
Case number arkeoure 
Chapter you are fling under: 
K Chapter 7 
K Chapter 11 
O Chapter 12 
■ Chapter 13 
K Check if this an 
amended filing 
Official Form 101 
Voluntary Petition for Individuals Filing for Bankruptcy 
12/17
The bankruptcy forms use you and Debtor 1 to refer to a debtor tiling alone. A married couple may file a bankruptcy case together—called a joint 
case—and In joint cases, these forms use you to ask for Information from both debtors. For example, If a form asks, "Do you owns car," the answer 
would be yes if either debtor owns a car. When Information is needed about the spouses separately, the form uses Debtor f and Debtor 2 to distinguish 
between them. In joint cases, one of the spouses must report information as Debtor f and the other as Debtor 2. The same person must be Debtor 1 in 
all of the forms. 
Be as complete and accurate as possible. If two married people are filing together, both are equally responsible for supplying correct information. If 
more space is needed, attach a separate sheet to this form. On the top of any additional pages. write your name and case number (if known). Answer 
every question. 
Part 1 
Identify Yourself 
About Debtor 1: 
About Debtor 2 (Spouse Only in a Joint Case): 
1. 
Your full name 
Write the name that Is on 
Patrick 
your government-issued 
First name 
First name 
picture identification (for 
example, your driver's 
Noel 
license or 'Anima). 
Middle name 
Middle name 
Bring your picture 
• 
identification to your 
meeting with the trustee. 
2. 
All other names you have 
used in the last 8 years 
Include your married or 
maiden names. 
Adams  
Last name and Suffix (Sr., Jr., II, III) 
Last name mid Suffix (Sr., Jr., 11,111) 
3. 
Only the last 4 digits of 
your Social Security 
number or federal 
Individual Taxpayer 
Identification number 
(INN) 
Official Form 101 
Voluntary Petition for indIvIdUals Filing for Bankruptcy 
Page 
EFTA00812356
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 17-06113-hb Doc 1 Filed 12/05/17 Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 Dew Main 
Document 
Page 2 of 14 
Debtor I 
Patrick Noel Adams 
Case nuMber armorer 
About Debtor 1: 
About Debtor 2 (Spouse Only In a Joint Case): 
4. 
Any business names and 
Employer Identification 
Numbers (EIN) you have 
used in the last 8 years 
Include trade names and 
doing business as names 
5. 
Where you live 
Number, P.O. Box, Street, City, State Er ZIP Code 
Number. P.O. Box, Street. City, State & ZIP Code 
• I have not used any business name or El Ns. 
Business names) 
EINs 
CI I have not used any business name or E INs. 
Business name(s) 
Ellis 
ZIP Code 
Anderson 
County 
If Debtor 2 lives eta different address: 
Mather. Street City, State & ZIP Code 
County 
If your mailing address Is different from the one 
If Debtor 2's mailing address Is different from yours, fill it 
above, fill it in here. Note that the cowl will send any 
in here. Nolo that the court will send any notices to this 
Iaa address. 
mailing address. 
6. 
Why you are choosing 
this district to file for 
bankruptcy 
Check one: 
o 
Over the lest 180 days before filing this petition, 
I have lived in this district longer than in any 
other distnet. 
• 
Check one-
1:1 
Over the last 180 days before filing this petition, I 
have lived in this district longer than in any other 
district. 
I have another reason. 
Explain. (See 28 U.S.C. § 1408.) 
Primary residence and most assets located 
in South Carolina 
I have another reason. 
Explain. (See 28 U.S.C. § 1408.) 
Offical Forn 101 
Voluntary Petition for Individuals Filing for Bankruptcy 
page 2 
EFTA00812357
--- PAGE 9 ---
Debtor 1 
vast 
Case 17-06113-hb Doc 1 Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 Desc Main 
Document 
Page 3 of 14 
Patrick Noel Adams 
Case number firMottn; 
Tea the Court About Your Bankruptcy Case 
7. 
The chapter of the 
Check one. (For a brief description of each, see Notice Required by 11 U.S.C. § 342(b) for Individuals Filing for Bankruptcy 
Bankruptcy Code you are (Fern, 2010)). Also, go to the top of page 1 and check the appropriate box. 
choosing to file under 
K Chapter 7 
K Chapter 11 
K Chapter 
▪ 
Chapter 13 
8. 
How you will pay the fee 
■ 
twill pay the entire fee when I file my petition. Please check with the derk's office in your local cc iirt for more details 
about how you may pay. Typically, if you are paying the foe yoUrseff, you may pay wkh cash. cashiers check, or money 
order. If your attorney is submitting your payment on your behalf, your attorney may pay with a credit card or check will 
a pro•printed address. 
K 
I need to pay the fee In Installments. If you choose this option. sign and attach the Application for Individuals to Pay 
The Filing Fee in Installments (Official Form 103A). 
K 
I request that my fee be waived (You may request this option only if you are filing for Chapter 7. By law, a judge may, 
but is not required to, waive your fee, and may do so only if your income Is less than 150% of the official poverty line that 
applies to your family size and you are unable to pay the fee in installments). If you choose this option, you must fill out 
the Application to Have the Chapter 7 Filing Fee Waived (Official Form 1038) and file it with your petition. 
9. 
Have you filed for 
bankruptcy within the 
lest 8 years?
K 
• No. 
Yes. 
District  
When 
Case number 
District 
When  
Case number 
District 
When 
Case number 
10. Are any bankruptcy 
cases pending or being 
filed by a spouse who is 
not filing this case with 
you, or by a business 
partner, or by an 
affiliate? 
■ No 
K Yes. 
Debtor 
District 
Debtor 
District 
When 
Relationship to you 
Case number, if known 
Relationship to you 
Case number, if known 
11. Do you rent your 
residence? 
■ No. 
K Yes. 
Go to line 12. 
Has your landlord obtained an eviction judgment against you? 
ID 
No. Go to line 12. 
K 
Yes. Fill out Initial Statement About an Eviction Judgment Against You (Form 101A) and file it with this 
bankruptcy petition. 
00i001 Fern 101 
Voluntary Petition for Individuals Filing for Bankruptcy 
pas-,,c 3 
EFTA00812358
--- PAGE 10 ---
Debtor 1 
Put3 
Case 17-06113-hb 
Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 
Desc Main 
Document 
Page 4 of 14 
Patrick Noel Adams 
Case number prmonn) 
Report About Any Businesses You Own as a Solo Proprietor 
12. Are you a sole proprietor 
of any full- or part-time 
business? 
A sole proprietorship is a 
business you operate as 
an individual, and is not a 
separate legal entity such 
as a corporation, 
partnership, or LLC. 
If you have more than ono 
tide proprietorship, use a 
separate shoot and attach 
it to this petition. 
■ He 
Go to Pan 4. 
K Yes. 
Name and location of business 
Name of business, if any 
Number, Street, City, State & ZIP Code 
Check the appropriate box to describe your business: 
K 
Health Care Business (as defined in 11 U.S.C. § 101(27A)) 
K 
Single Asset Real Estate (as defined in 11 U.S.C. § 101(51B)) 
K 
Stockbroker (as defined in 11 U.S.C. § 101(63A)) 
K 
Commodity Broker (as defined in 11 U.S.C. § 101(6)) 
K 
None of the above 
13. Are you filing under 
II you are feting under Chapter 11, the court must know whether you are a small business debtor so that it can set appropriate 
Chapter 11 of the 
deadlines. If you Indicate that you are a until business debtor, you must attach your most recent balance sheet, statement of 
Bankruptcy Code and are operations. Cash-low statement, and federal Income tax return or if any of these documents do not exist, follow the procedure 
you a small business 
in 11 U.S.C. 1116(1X8), 
debtor? 
for a definition of small 
business debtor, see 11 
U.S.C. § 101(51D). 
■ No. 
I em not filing under Chapter 11. 
K No. 
I am filing under Chapter 11, but I am NOT a small business debtor according to the definition in the Bankruptcy 
Cade. 
Yes. 
I am Ming under Chapter 11 and I am a small business debtor according to the definition in the Bankruptcy Coce. 
Part 4 
Report M You Own or Han Any Hazardous Property or Any Property That Needs Immediate Attention 
14. Do you own or have arty 
property that poses or Is 
alleged to pose a threat 
of imminent and 
identifiable hazard to 
public health or safety? 
Or do you own any 
property that needs 
immediate attention? 
For example, do you own 
perishable goods, or 
livestock that must be fed, 
or a building that needs 
urgent repairs? 
• No. 
K Yes. 
What is the hazard? 
If immediate attention is 
needed, why Is it needed? 
Where is the property? 
Number, Street. City. State & Zip Code 
Official Fora 101 
Voluntary Petition for Individuals Filing for Bankruptcy 
EFTA00812359
--- PAGE 11 ---
Debtor 1 Patrick Noel Adams 
Part 5 
Case 17-06113-hb Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 Entered 12/05/1714:35:43 Desc Main 
Document 
Page 5 of 14 
Case number ellwere 
Explain Your Efforts to Receive a Briefing About Credit Counseling 
15. Tell the court whether 
you have received a 
briefing about credit 
counseling. 
The law requires that you 
receive a brining about 
credit counseling before 
you file for bankruptcy. 
You must truthfuly check 
one of the fcilowing 
choices. If you cannot do 
so. you are not eligible to 
Se. 
If you Se anyway. the court 
can dismiss your case. you 
will lose whatever filing fee 
you paid, and your 
creditors can begin 
collection activities again. 
About Debtor 1: 
You must check one: 
I received a briefing from an approved credit 
counseling agency within the 180 days before I 
filed this bankruptcy petition, and I received a 
certificate of completion. 
Attach a copy of the certificate and the payment 
plan. if any, that you developed with the agency. 
K I received a briefing from an approved credit 
counseling agency within the 180 days before I 
filed this bankruptcy petition, but I do not have 
a certificate of completion. 
Within 14 days after you file this bankruptcy 
petition, you MUST file a copy of the certificate and 
payment plan, if any. 
O I certify that I asked for credit counseling 
services from an approved agency, but was 
unable to obtain those services during the 7 
days after I made my request, and exigent 
circumstances merit a 30-day temporary waiver 
of the requirement. 
To ask for a 30-day temporary waiver of the 
requirement, attach a separate sheet explaining 
what efforts you made to obtain the briefing, why 
you wore unable to obtain it before you filed for 
bankruptcy, and what exigent circumstances 
required you to file this case. 
Your case may be dismissed if the court is 
dissatisfied with your reasons for not receiving a 
briefing before you filed for bankruptcy. 
If the court Is satisfied with your reasons, you must 
Mil receive a briefing within 30 days after you file. 
You must file a certificate from the approved 
agency, along with a copy of the payment plan you 
developed. if any. If you do not do so, your case 
may be dismissed. 
Any extension of tho 30-day deadline is granted 
only for cause and is limited to a maximum of 15 
days. 
K I am not required to receive a briefing about 
credit counseling because of: 
K 
Incapacity. 
I have a mental illness or a mental deficiency 
that makes me incapable of realizing or 
making rational decisions about finances. 
K 
Disability. 
My physical disability causes me to be 
unable to participate in a briefing in person. 
by phone, or through the Internet. even after I 
reasonably tried to do so. 
K 
AetIve duty. 
I am currently on active military duty in a 
military combat zone. 
If you believe you are not required to receive a 
briefing about credit counseling, you must file a 
motion for waiver credit counseling with the court. 
About Debtor 2 (Spouse Only in a Joint Case): 
You must check one: 
K I received a briefing from an approved credit 
counseling agency within the 180 days before I filed 
this bankruptcy petition, and I received a certificate of 
completion. 
Attach a copy of the certificate and the payment plan, if 
any, that you developed with the agency. 
K I received a briefing from an approved credit 
counseling agency within the 180 days before I filed 
this bankruptcy petition, but I do not have a certificate 
of completion. 
Willis 14 days after you tile this benkruptcy petition, you 
MUST filo a copy of the certificate and payment plan, if 
any. 
K I certify that I asked for credit counseling services 
from an approved agency, but was unable to obtain 
those services during the 7 days after I made my 
request, and exigent circumstances merit a 30-day 
temporary waiver of the requirement 
To ask for a 30-day temporary waiver of the requirement, 
attach a separate sheaf explaining what efforts you made 
to obtain the briefing, why you were unable to obtain it 
before you filed for bankruptcy, end what exigent 
circumstances required you to Me this case. 
Your case may be dismissed if the court is dissatisfied 
with your reasons for not receiving a briefing before you 
filed for bankruptcy. 
If the court is satisfied with your reasons, you must still 
receive a briefing within 30 days after you file. You must 
file a certificate from the approved agency, along with a 
copy of the payment plan you developed. If any. If you do 
not do so. your case may be dismissed. 
My extension of the 30-day deadline is granted only for 
cause and is limited toe maximum of 15 days. 
K I am riot required to receive a briefing about credit 
counseling because of. 
K Incapacity. 
I have a mental illness or a mental deficiency that 
makes me incapable of realizing or making rational 
decisions about finances. 
K Disability. 
My physical disablity causes me to be unable to 
participate in a briefing in person, by phone, or 
through the internal. even alter I reasonably tried to 
do so. 
▪ 
Active duty. 
I an currently on active military duty in a military 
combat zone. 
If you believe you are not required to receive a briefing 
about credit counseling, you must fie a motion for waiver 
of credit counseling with the court. 
Official Form 101 
Voluntary Petition for Individuals Filing for Bankruptcy 
Page 
EFTA00812360
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 17-06113-hb Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 Desc Main 
Document 
Page 6 of 14 
Debtor 1 Patrick Noel Adams 
Part 6 
Answer These Questions for Reporting Purposes 
Case number preinin) 
16. What kind of debts do 
you have? 
16a. 
Are your debts primarily consumer debts? Consumer debts we defined in 11 U.S.C. § 101(8) ari incurred by an 
Individual primarily for a personal, family, or household purpose.' 
O No. Go to line 16b. 
■ Yes. Go to line 17. 
16b. 
Are your debts primarily business debts? Business debts are debts that you incurred to obtain 
money for a business or investment or through the operation of the business or investment 
K No. Go to line 16c. 
K Yes. Go to line 17. 
16c. 
State the type of debts you owe that are not consumer debts or business debts 
17. Are you filing under 
Chapter 7? 
Do you estimate that 
after any exempt 
property is excluded and 
administrative expenses 
are paid that funds will 
be available for 
distribution to unsecured 
creditors? 
je tie. 
I am not filing under Chapter 7. Go to line 18. 
▪ y04. 
I am fling under Chapter 7. Do you estimate that after any exempt property is excluded and administrative expenses 
are paid that funds will be available to distribute to unsecured creditors? 
O No 
K Yes 
18. How many Creditors do 
you estimate that you 
owe? 
■ 1-49 
K 50-99 
O 100.199 
O 200.999 
01,000-5,000 
El 5001-10,000 
O 10,001.25,000 
O 25,001-50,000 
O50,001-1como 
K More than100,000 
19. How much do you 
estimate your assets to 
be worth? 
O $0 - $50.000 
O sso.00l siocwoo 
■ $icepol - $500,000 
■ $500.001 -$1 ration 
O $1,000,001 -$10 million 
$10.000,001-'$50
O 
 Senn 
O $50.000.001- $100 million 
O $100,000,001 -$500 million 
O $500,000,001 - $1 billion 
K $1,000,000,001 -$10 Nihon 
K $10,000,000,001 - $50 billion 
O More than $50 billion 
20. How much do you 
estimate your liabilities 
to be? 
O $0 - woo° 
K 850,001-$100,000 
■ S100.001 -$500,000 
K $500,001- $1 m0ion 
El St000.001 - $10 raon 
$10,000,001.
O 
 $50 million 
O S50.000,001- $100 million 
K $100,000,001- $500 million 
$500,000,001-
O 
 $1 billion 
O $1,000,000,001 -$10 billion 
O 
$
.
,
A
O
-
$50 billion 
O More than $50 blliOn 
Part 7 
Sign Below 
For you 
I have examined this petition, and I declare under penalty of perjury that the information provided Is true and correct 
If I have chosen to fie under Chapter 7, I am aware that I may proceed, if eligible, under Chapter 7. 11,12. or 13 of title 11 
United States Code. I understand the relief available under each chapter. and I choose to proceed under Chapter 7. 
If no attorney represents me and I did not pay or agree to pay someone who is not an attorney to help me fill out this 
document. I have obtained and read the notice required by 11 U.S.C. § 342(b). 
I request relief in accordance with the chapter of tine 11, United States Code, specified in this petition. 
I understand making a false statement, concealing property, or obtaining money or property by fraud in connection with a 
bankruptcy case can result in fines up to $250.000. or Imprisonment for up to 20 years, or both. 18 V.S.C. §§ 152, 1341, 1519, 
and 3571. 
/s! Patrick Noel Adams 
Patrick Noel Adams 
Signature of Debtor 2 
Signature of Debtor 1 
Executed on December 5, 2017 
MA4/ DD /YYYY 
Executed on 
•
Mkt / DD / YYYY 
Official Form 101 
Voluntary Petition for Individuals Filing for Bankruptcy 
Page 6 
EFTA00812361
--- PAGE 13 ---
Debtor 1 Patrick Noel Adams 
For your attorney, ff you are 
represented by one 
If you are not represented by 
an attorney, you do not need 
to file this page. 
Case 17-06113-hb 
Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 
Desc Main 
Document 
Page 7 of 14 Case number semen'', 
I, the attorney for the debtor(s) named In this petition, declare that I have informed the debtor(s) about eligibility to proceed 
under Chapter 7, 11, 12, or 13 of title 11. United States Code. and have explained the relief avalable under each chapter 
for which the person is eligible. I also certify that I have delivered to the debtor(s) the notice required by 11 U.S.C. § 342(b) 
and, :n a case in which § /07(bX4)(D) applies, certify that I have no knowledge after an inquiry that the information in the 
schedules filed with the petition is incorrect. 
/s/ Robert Pohl 
Signature of Attorney for Debtor 
Robert Pohl 
Mint*, nom 
Pohl, PA 
Dato 
December 5, 2017 
MMl DD /YYYY 
Number. Simi:. City. Male .3 DP Code 
Ceetact pticne 
80001 
Email address 
mimixrr a Slab) 
Gleec al corn 101 
Voluntary Petition for Individuals Filing for Bankruptcy 
Pact' 7 
EFTA00812362
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 17-06113-hb 
Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 
Document 
Page 8 of 14 
Notice Required by 11 U.S.C. § 342(b) for 
Individuals Filing for Bankruptcy (Form 2010) 
This notice is for you if: 
You are an individual filing for bankruptcy, 
and 
Your debts are primarily consumer debts. 
Consumer debts are defined in 11 U.S.C. 
§ 101(8) as "incurred by an Individual 
primarily for a personal, family, or 
household purpose." 
The types of bankruptcy that are available to 
individuals 
Individuals who meet the qualifications may file under 
one of four different chapters of Bankruptcy Code: 
Chapter 7 - Liquidation 
Chapter 11 - Reorganization 
Chapter 12 - Voluntary repayment plan 
for family farmers or 
fishermen 
Chapter 13 - Voluntary repayment plan 
for individuals with regular 
income 
You should have an attorney review your 
decision to file for bankruptcy and the choice of 
chapter. 
Notice Required by 11 U.S.C. 9 342(b) for Individuals Filing for Bankruptcy (Form 2010) 
Se"tare Co;,r41 (c)1996-2017 Bast Case. LLC MOO beSiClIMICOM 
Desc Main 
Chapter 7: 
Liquidation 
$245 
filing fee 
$75 administrative fee 
$15 trustee surcharge 
$335 total fee 
Chapter 7 is for individuals who have financial 
difficulty preventing them from paying their debts 
and who are willing to allow their nonexempt 
property to be used to pay their creditors. The 
primary purpose of filing under chapter 7 is to have 
your debts discharged. The bankruptcy discharge 
relieves you after bankruptcy from having to pay 
many of your pre-bankruptcy debts. Exceptions exist 
for particular debts, and liens on property may still 
be enforced after discharge. For example, a creditor 
may have the right to foreclose a home mortgage or 
repossess an automobile. 
However, if the court finds that you have committed 
certain kinds of improper conduct described in the 
Bankruptcy Code, the court may deny your 
discharge. 
You should know that even if you file chapter 7 and 
you receive a discharge, some debts are not 
discharged under the law. Therefore, you may still 
be responsible to pay: 
most taxes; 
most student loans; 
domestic support and property settlement 
obligations; 
Car 1 
Ban Caro aarnruptcy 
EFTA00812363
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 17-06113-hb 
Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 
Desc Main 
Document 
Page 9 of 14 
most fines, penalties, forfeitures, and criminal 
restitution obligations: and 
certain debts that are not listed in your bankruptcy 
papers. 
You may also be required to pay debts arising from: 
fraud or theft; 
fraud or defalcation while acting in breach of 
fiduciary capacity; 
intentional injuries that you Inflicted; and 
death or personal injury caused by operating a 
motor vehicle, vessel, or aircraft while intoxicated 
from alcohol or drugs. 
If your debts are primarily consumer debts, the court 
can dismiss your chapter 7 case if it finds that you have 
enough income to repay creditors a certain amount. 
You must file Chapter 7 Statement of Your Current 
Monthly Income (Official Form 122A-1) if you are an 
Individual filing for bankruptcy under chapter 7. This 
form will determine your current monthly income and 
compare whether your income is more than the median 
income that applies in your state. 
If your income is not above the median for your state, 
you will not have to complete the other chapter 7 form, 
the Chapter 7 Means Test Calculation (Official Form 
122A-2). 
If your income is above the median for your state, you 
must file a second form —the Chapter 7 Means Test 
Calculation (Official Form 122A-2). The calculations on 
the form— sometimes called the Means Test—deduct 
from your income living expenses and payments on 
certain debts to determine any amount available to pay 
unsecured creditors. If 
your income is more than the median income for your 
state of residence and family size, depending on the 
results of the Means Test, the U.S. trustee, bankruptcy 
administrator, or creditors can file a motion to dismiss 
your case under § 707(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. If a 
motion is filed, the court will decide if your case should 
be dismissed. To avoid dismissal, you may choose to 
proceed under another chapter of the Bankruptcy 
Code. 
If you are an individual filing for chapter 7 bankruptcy, 
the trustee may sell your property to pay your debts, 
subject to your right to exempt the property or a portion 
of the proceeds from the sale of the property. The 
property, and the proceeds from property that your 
bankruptcy trustee sells or liquidates that you are 
entitled to, is called exempt property. Exemptions may 
enable you to keep your home, a car, clothing, and 
household items or to receive some of the proceeds if 
the property is sold. 
Exemptions are not automatic. To exempt property, 
you must list it on Schedule C: The Property You Claim 
as Exempt (Official Form 106C). If you do not list the 
property, the trustee may seN it and pay all of the 
proceeds to your creditors. 
Chapter 11: Reorganization 
$1,167 filing fee 
$550 administrative fee 
$1,717 total fee 
Chapter 11 is often used for reorganizing a business, 
but is also available to individuals. The provisions of 
chapter 11 are too complicated to summarize briefly. 
Notice Required by 11 U.S.C. § 342(b) for indviduals Filing for Bankruptcy (Form 2010) 
Soitsese Coproort (c) 19964017 eau care LLc . reabosicamoom 
Dade 2
nest can rianivvroy 
EFTA00812364
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 17-06113-hb 
Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 
Desc Main 
Document 
Page 10 of 14 
Read These Im ortant Warnin s 
Because bankruptcy can have serious long-term financial and legal consequences, including loss of 
your property, you should hire an attorney and carefully consider all of your options before you file. 
Only an attorney can give you legal advice about what can happen as a result of filing for bankruptcy 
and what your options are. If you do file for bankruptcy, an attorney can help you fill out the forms 
properly and protect you, your family, your home, and your possessions. 
Although the law allows you to represent yourself in bankruptcy court, you should understand that 
many people find it difficult to represent themselves successfully. The rules are technical, and a mistake 
or inaction may harm you. If you file without an attorney, you are still responsible for knowing and 
following all of the legal requirements. 
You should not file for bankruptcy if you are not eligible to file or if you do not Intend to file the 
necessary documents. 
Bankruptcy fraud is a serious crime; you could be fined and imprisoned if you commit fraud in your 
bankruptcy case. Making a false statement, concealing property, or obtaining money or property by 
fraud in connection with a bankruptcy case can result in fines up to $250,000, or imprisonment for up to 
years, or both. 18 U.S.C. §§ 152, 1341, 1519, and 3571. 
Chapter 12: Repayment plan for family 
farmers or fishermen 
$200. . filing fee 
$75 
administrative fee 
$275 total fee 
Similar to chapter 13, chapter 12 permits family fanners 
and fishermen to repay their debts over a period of time 
using future earnings and to discharge some debts that 
are not paid. 
Chapter 13: Repayment plan for 
individuals with regular 
income 
$235 filing fee 
$75 administrative fee 
$310 total fee 
Chapter 13 is for individuals who have regular income 
and would like to pay all or part of their debts in 
installments over a period of time and to discharge 
some debts that are not paid. You are eligible for 
chapter 13 only if your debts are not more than certain 
dollar amounts set forth-in 11 U.S.C. § 109. 
Notice Required by 11 U.S.C. § 312(6) for Individuals Fling for Bankruptcy (Form 2010) 
Soften Comm (CI 19362017 Sou Cane. LOC wenceesrarre.oun 
Under chapter 13, you must file with the court a plan 
to repay your creditors all or pad of the money that 
you owe them, usually using your future earnings. If 
the court approves your plan, the court will allow you 
to repay your debts, as adjusted by the plan, within 3 
years or 5 years, depending on your income and other 
factors. 
After you make all the payments under your plan, 
many of your debts are discharged. The debts that are 
not discharged and that you may still be responsible to 
pay include: 
domestic support obligations, 
most student loans, 
certain taxes, 
debts for fraud or theft, 
debts for fraud or defalcation while acting in a 
fiduciary capacity, 
most criminal fines and restitution obligations, 
certain debts that are not listed in your 
bankruptcy papers, 
certain debts for acts that caused death or 
personal injury, and 
certain long-term secured debts. 
Page 3 
Bost Cane OarAruptcy 
EFTA00812365
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 17-06113-hb 
Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 
Desc Main 
Document 
Page 11 of 14 
A married couple may file a bankruptcy case 
together—caned a joint case. If you file a joint case and 
each spouse lists the same mailing address on the 
bankruptcy petition, the bankruptcy court generally will 
mail you and your spouse one copy of each notice, 
unless you file a statement with the court asking that 
each spouse receive separate copies. 
Warning: File Your Forms on Time 
Sectior 521(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Coce requires that 
you promptly file detailed information about your 
creditors. assets. liabilities. income. expenses and 
general gran al condition. The court may dism.ss your 
bankruptcy case if you do not file this information within 
the deadlines set by the Bankruptcy Code, the 
Bankruptcy Rules, and the local rules of the ccun. 
For more information about the documents and 
their deadlines. go to: 
http:iiwww.usco0rts.qovilokforms/bankruptcy form 
s.htmlftprocedure.
Bankruptcy crimes have serious consequences 
If you knowingly and fraudulently conceal assets 
or make a false oath or statement under penalty 
of perjury—either orally or in writing—in 
connection with a bankruptcy case, you may be 
fined, Imprisoned, or both. 
All information you supply in connection with a 
bankruptcy case is subject to examination by the 
Attorney General acting through the Office of the 
U.S. Trustee, the Office of the U.S. Attorney, and 
other offices and employees of the U.S. 
Department of Justice. 
Make sure the court has your mailing address 
The bankruptcy court sends notices to the mailing 
address you list on Voluntary Petition for Individuals 
Filing for Bankruptcy (Official Form 101). To ensure 
that you receive information about your case, 
Bankruptcy Rule 4002 requires that you notify the court 
of any changes in your address. 
Notice Required by 11 U.S.C. s 342(b) for individuals Fain0 for Bankruptcy (Form 20111) 
Sets. Coprent (O19M-2017 Best Case. tic • 
Understand which services you could receive from 
credit counseling agencies 
The law generally requires that you receive a credit 
counseling briefing from an approved credit counseling 
agency. 11 U.S.C. § 109(h). If you are filing a joint 
case, both spouses must receive the briefing. With 
limited exceptions, you must receive it within the 180 
days before you file your bankruptcy petition. This 
briefing is usually conducted by telephone or on the 
Internet. 
In addition, after filing a bankruptcy case, you generally 
must complete a financial management instructional 
course before you can receive a discharge. If you are 
filing a joint case, both spouses must complete the 
course. 
You can obtain the list of agencies approved to provide 
both the briefing and the instructional course from: 
httplflustice.gov/ustieo/hapcpa/ccdakc approved.html 
In Alabama and North Carolina, go to: 
http://www.uscourts.00v/FederalCourtsfBankruptcy/ 
BankruptcyResources/ApprovedCredit 
AndDebtCounselors.aspx. 
If you do not have access to a computer, the deck of 
the bankruptcy court may be able to help you obtain 
the list. 
page 4
Bost Cam Braomotor 
EFTA00812366
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 17-06113-hb Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 Desc Main 
Document 
Page 12 of 14 
LOCAL OFFICIAL FORM 1007-1(b) TO SC LBR 1007-1 
United States Bankruptcy Court 
District of South Carolina 
In re 
Patrick Noel Adams 
Debtor(s) 
Case No. 
Chapter 
CERTIFICATION VERIFYING CREDITOR MATRIX 
The above named debtor, or attorney for the debtor if applicable, hereby certifies pursuant to South Carolina Local 
Bankruptcy Rule 1007-1 that the master mailing list of creditors submitted either on computer diskette, electronically filed via 
CM/ECF, or conventionally filed in a typed hard copy scannable format which has been compared to, and contains identical 
information to, the debtor's schedules, statements and lists which are being filed at this time or as they currently exist in draft form. 
Master mailing list of creditors submitted via: 
(a) 
computer diskette 
(b) 
scannable hard copy 
(number of sheets submitted 
) 
(c) 
X electronic version filed via CM/ECF 
Date: December 5, 2017 
Is! Patrick Noel Adams 
Patrick Noel Adams 
Signature of Debtor 
Date: December 5, 2017 
Is! Robert Pohl 
Signature of Attorney 
Robert Pohl 
Pohl. P.A. 
Typed/Print 
e ep one 
80001 
District Court ff .-Number 
&Aware Cop,0070 (c) 1996-2017 Bat Cast LLC . wombeetaiet corn 
Ebel Ca* Bentrupsy 
EFTA00812367
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 17-06113-hb 
Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 Desc Main 
Document 
Page 13 of 14 
AMERICAN EXRESS 
P.O. BOX 650448 
DALLAS TX 75265-0448 
ANDERSON COUNTY TREASURER 
P.O. BOX 8002 
ANDERSON SC 29622 
BANK OF AMERICA 
6091 CALHOUN MEMORIAL HIGHWAY 
EASLEY SC 29640 
CITIBANK 
P.O. BOX 9001037 
LOUISVILLE KY 40290-1037 
HOME DEPOT CREDIT SERVICES 
P.O. BOX 790328 
SAINT LOUIS MO 63179 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
CENTRALIZED INSOLVENCY OPERATION 
P.O. BOX 7346 
PHILADELPHIA PA 19101-7346 
S.C. DEPARTMENT OF EMPLOYMENT & WORKFORC 
1550 GADSDEN STREET 
P.O. BOX 8597 
COLUMBIA SC 29202 
S.C. DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE AND TAXATION 
P.0, BOX 12265 
COLUMBIA SC 29211 
THE REAL ESTATE CENTRE 
1435 AUGUSTA ROAD 
GREENVILLE SC 29605 
VIRGIN ISLANDS INTERNAL REVENUE 
6720 SMITH BAY ROAD 
RED HOOK 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
EFTA00812368
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 17-06113-hb Doc 1 
Filed 12/05/17 
Entered 12/05/17 14:35:43 Desc Main 
Document 
Page 14 of 14 
WELLS FARGO HOME MORTGAGE 
2215 10TH AVENUE SOUTH
GREAT FALLS MT 59405 
EFTA00812369

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812370.pdf
----------------------------------------
SE0UIENCE ro.IUMBER 
11111M110111111 
6030187 
ACTION CARD 
166-CAV-AMO-2014 
ROUTINE
PROJECT 
1999M 
weon:Itnet 
737 
Ratser 
9( tat ra 
R 
324471 
w 
Qr 
iarAArr 
.) Wt.' 00i 
vP4B8 
us 
COV COM 
807 
10.9%18 
GIMES 
482100 
m.,..cemOci,A1Tha 'tweet 
AWR.9 
at. 
NA 
icre 
NA 
YES 
S2 
Ill.CrO,at DEG. 
La. 0£0 ,
YA.C4 REPAIt 
K:
it
yrs 
6) ..,41 3 1 floill y -2-4,-7 
NECK 
VA.' 
MiC
a1
0.
*". 
O
n , ("
-7 
DISCREPANCY. 
Customer request- perform test 5 engine runs 
RESOLUTION. 
PLUGS?... 
I `1 61 ire....1 Cron. Irkr.... 
C-orvdcir cr.rel 
3r-rt..x.k_ ;n 3ro 
iliNC-- r eartenkr 
OAR. COirti , 
IttuelLS r2 1/4 ") 
CDT tapani 737 Ainn. a-rt-a2 
MECH 
INS? 
7.4",e
' 
Per"%c•-•
„ze.-7,772 
Sa
ADeerg- 1O0O qc..[ oc -foci 
cror-t. ruiticA. Air CD° OX13€3e0( 
Pc r cot- r^stic 
c,.. Poc-x_r
i:LS Li". 
I.-X.- 
C.-kt.r.,....L 
u(.,,;•-. 
4:.A..... 
A 
a
-lei Crel 
Al C.V.  \ 
(..... hec .ic_. cr, 
VocAt-.. ci, f . ne.;) 9a - c_c_,..a.ton, e-e- _r c_ciocA;" =ALA
 4.. ...te; :,41 737-ea> .,4) PIM "Tip 00:042.. 
-7-j.:,,p pr./kr 
5/..4.) icio_sc—s-8, 
Cat-- 6.4.-:- 
c, ,, 4 A , 
PART NUMBER REMOVED 
SERIAL NUMBER REMOVED 
PART NUMBER INSTALLED 
SERIAL NUMBER INSTALLED 
P.O. NUMBER
./ 
/ 
--7...--7
..---"„--------j-
..--- 
,-." 
.----------------------- 
.... 
_.,-------- 
, 
..---7-e----/ 
----- 
_.--------'*--'''-'-'-'---------
ACC4106.4- PACE. 
Yes 
COIAJJX ANEOCA.LLC. 
anted Reati • 
Pap. I Off 
mein 7 111-2_ 28 aN 20IS 
EFTA00812370
--- PAGE 2 ---
ts:SCH F11! 
1.) 
Operator: 
BOSCO AVIATION 
Serial No: 
32806 (YD405) 
737-BAWD) REVISION 20 
RegNo. 
VP-CBS 
Date Lecget. 30-MAY-2017 
Work Card No.: 270530-1-1 
Workorder No.: WO 17O530C8B 
Due At 
DATE(DD/MMM/MY) 
HOURS 
CYCLES 
Accomplished 
Task No 
9/04; 
L1gX3 
Task Duce*don 
170530-1-1 
PERFORM TEST 5 — POWER ASSURANCE CHECK AS PER 8737 AMM TASK 
71-00-00.700-813-F00. COMPLETE THE ATTACHED FORM ENGINE DATA AND RECORD 
SHEET FIGURE 501/71-00-00.990.803-F00 (SHEET 1 OF 2) AND RECORD IN THE 
ADDITIONAL DATA REQUIREMENTS SECTION, THE BAROMETRIC VALUE AT THE TIME 
OF RUN. 
P/N:  
S/N •  
LABOR HRS: 
 COST: 
REPAIR STATION' 
CORRECTIVE ACTION:  Pfr Pot 1b 
5/ ES r 
afrift- fr__eveihded 
la 43 
P.' 
_ 
AIn 
fn 
TASK 
I 00-_00 - 100 - 
- fop. 
TECHNICIAN SIGNATURE' 
INSPECTED BY: 
 Z- ";;;;;C'esIC 
,••Nti 24:J 
,• 
166-CAY-AMO-2014 
KIND Of CERTIFICATE & NO • 
KIND OF CERTIFICATE & NO • 
166-CAY-AMO-2014
30-MAY-2017 
CAMP SYSTEMS 
of 1 
WID: 24560128.1 
Total Pages • 
Initial 
. 
Return completed copy via email to 
EFTA00812371
--- PAGE 3 ---
Operator: 
aOsco AVIATION 
Work Card No.: 170530-2-2 
Serial No: 
32806 (YD405) 
Model: 
737-8AWF31 REVISION 20 
RegNo. 
VP-CBB 
Date Loggec: 30-MAY-2017 
Workorder No.: WO 170530088 
DATE(DD/PIMM(YTYY) 
Due At 
HOURS 
CYCLES 
Accomplished ul  M
ogi 
I 
Task No 
Task Description 
It.,VIS -le 
4192 
_1 
170530-2-2 
PERFORM ACCELERATION CHECK PER AMM TASK 71.00-00-700.824-F00 (TEST 8) 
CORRECTIVE ACTION' 
TECHNICIAN SIG 
INSPECTED BY: 
P/N:  
 S/N:  
LABOR HRS: 
 COST: 
REPAIR STATION' 
( fr
eer/A r 3  &Ca feito-n? 
ter: 
I PIFr 
Am 
AS 
I -00 -OO ••110O -•v34—A2,9 #s7-- 
bnezt  n71) .4m,1 
:a y es- 3., etil 
KIND OF CERTIFICATE & NO.-
166-CAY-AMO-2014 
KIND Of CERTIFICATE & NO.-
166-CAY-AMO-21114
30-MAY-2017 
CD CAMP SYSTEMS 
of I 
WID: 24560130-1 
Total Pages- 
Initial 
Return completed copy via email to 
EFTA00812372
--- PAGE 4 ---
CAMP 
,_CHEE.1 
Operator: 
BOSCO AVIATION 
Work Card No.: 170530-3-3 
I Serial No: 
32806 (YD405) 
Model: 
737-8AWB3 REVISION 20 
RegNo. 
VP-C8B 
Date logged. 
Workorder No.: WO 170530am 
Due At 
DATE(DOMMM/YYYY) 
CYCUES 
ACcoallished 
Task No 
log*. Le 
Task Dosaiption 
170530-3-3 
POWER ASSURANCE CHECK AT ALL THREE SPEEDS (65, 70 AND 75% NI) 
P/N:  
LABOR HRS: 
 COST: 
REPAIR STATION' 
CORRECTNEACToN: tot 
D 
ASS4Itaroce cingeeks- Per 8')3r) /1-rn in 
TECHNICIAN SIG 
INSPECTED BY: 
qt. oo -Po- loo -81 3 - Foo 
30-MAV-2017 
WID: 24560131.1 
Return completed copy via email to 
afren 7 
166-CM-A610-2014 
 /„.. .a.____ 
ic 
KIND Of CERTIFICATE & NO • 
D"A 
t2 
KIND OF CERTIFICATE & NO • 
166-CAY-AMO-2014
CAMP SYSTEMS 
of 1 
Total Pages  
, Initial 
EFTA00812373
--- PAGE 5 ---
clif4P 
Insi•••••••Ier...„/- 
SERIAL: 32806 (YD405) 
DATE IN : UTC:5/30/2017 
Work Order Tally Sheet Report 
REGNO : VP-C88 
MODEL NAME : BB) 737-7001GW/-800/-900ER 
DATE OUT : UTC:5/30/2017 11:00:00 PM 
ICAO : KIND 
WORK ORDER C: WO 17053003B 
SERVICE CENTER : COMLUX MALTA LTD. 
ITEM NO 
DESCRIPTION 
TECHNICIAN 
efrOPC 
170530-1-1 
ENGINE. PERFORM TEST 5- POWER ASSURANCE CHECK AS PER 8737 AMM TASK 
TECH : 
71-0O.O0-700-813-F00. COMPLETE THE ATTACHED FORM ENGINE DATA AND RECORD 
SHEET FIGURE 501,71-00-00-990-803-F00 (SHEET 1 OF 2) AND RECORD IN THE 
ADDITIONAL DATA REQUIREMENTS SECTION. THE BAROMETRIC VALUE AT THE TIME 
OF RUN. 
170530-2-2 
ENGINE, PERFORM ACCELERATION CHECK PER AMM TASK 71.00.00-700.824-F00 
(TEST 8) 
170530-3-3 
ENGINE. POWER ASSURANCE CHECK AT ALL THREE SPEEDS (85. 70 AND 75% NI) 
Srn
t
TECH  u  
*CC* ./a 
Xfaree 7 - 
TECH :  eiL—O-66O/O 
INSP : 
INSP 
INSP 
INSPECTOR 
v.-411? 
:747.2...-<?5- 
• 
30MAY-2017 
CAMP SYSTEMS 
of 1 
EFTA00812374
--- PAGE 6 ---
CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
I 
6s- g 
7c 421 
AirdtZEIA,S 1
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
DATE 
MAY -2-0 n 
AIRPLANE DA TA 
ENGINE DATA 
AIRPLANE NO. 
FUEL TYPE 
ENG 
ENGINE MODEL 
ENGINE 5/N 
HMI P/N 
-see--f-m-
C. e (3 
3£-r A 
POS 
VP-
71S..2-7/ 
14:59v1.1s-
TAM 
FUEL QUANTI T Y 
AZ 
p6k)mtp9vp.2v 
NO. 1 
762,7/£3.3 f -3L ;`1,1 53 7 
asshi-W13c5- 
-^—'
"709'0 
NO. 2 
7'100 
REMARK 
BARD 
PC.B.S.S ; 
3D. pet. 
C TR 
720 
gE(... resi TA.,' o'veztt)cluirmiehrkPce. 
pQ L. Pcx. 2. Weir  07Y&10ceni i car ;4,2 
et». 
TOT AL 
7) b o 
ENGINE START DA TA 
START LEVER ADV. 
LIGNTUP 
STARTER 
MAX. 
TIME TO 
OIL 
ENG 
POS 
xN2
MOTORING TINE 
(SEC> 
INITIAL 
rc 
TIRE 
<SEC) 
CUTOUT 
CZN2/ 
EGT
•
< 'O 
MAX . 
FF 
IDLE 
<SEC> 
OTT 
TENS' 
PRESS 
I 
VIBRATION 
(UNITS) 
.713 
58.3 s-30•tic:3 
LS 
tg 
3'! 
. 1 
• 75' 
Sb 
s"15:3 
659
fl
3O 
• 1 
HYDRAULICS 
ADDITIONAL DATA REQUIREMENTS 
FT° 
Hy')
HID SYS PRESS 
ENG 
SYS 
CITY 
(MOP 
En 
P05 
s 
I 
a 
e 
_ 
TEST NO. 5 .- POVER ASSURANCE CHECK 
ENG 
OAT 
TARGET 
RECORDED VALUES 
POS OF 
(,)0) 
FN I 
'.142 
EGI 
' 
k6.1 
I,6 1 
P 4•I 
S Se. 
(2‘.f 
bbl 
R9•'( 
.5"433 
-75-
-71 1
-71. I 
90.9 
I, 17 
7c 
'711 
71.1 
91.0 
61C, 
I 
7S" 761 
-7E.1 
q )-$ 41 
tori 
7$ 7b.i 
-lb 1 
9). • 3. 
- 
_/S5
- 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
Engine Data and Record Sheet 
Figure 501/71-00-00.990-803-F00 (Sheet 1 of 2) 
G4146$ S0006511TD0_VI 
71-00-00 
Page 507 
D633A101-B8J 
Oct 15/2015 
AGEING PIXOPRIZ~ • Cer•Vi ~Pei 
Wa" • he Fil•OWM 
OWak 
EFTA00812375
--- PAGE 7 ---
C
A
MP
Andibl.••••••••"Ir 
Work Order Contents Report 
SERIAL: 32806 (YD40S) 
REGNO W-(38 
MODEL NAME : EEO 737-7001GW/-800/-900ER 
DATE IN : UTC:30-May-2017 12:00 AM DATE OUT : UTC:30-May-2017 11:00 PM 
IOO : KIND 
WORK ORDER alt: WO 170530088 
SERVICE CENTER : COMLUX MALTA LTD. 
WOMKCARD DESCRIPTION 
STATUS 
M 
1705304-1 
ENGINE, PERFORM TEST S - POWER ASSURANCE CHECK AS PER VP AMM TASK 71-0040-7C0-613-F00. 
OPEN 
COMPLETE DIE ATTACHED FOOT ENGINE DATA AND RECORD SHEET FIGURE 501771-00-00-990-803400 (SHEET 
OF 2) AND RECORD IN THE ADDITIONAL DATA REQUIREMENTS SECTION, THE SAROVETRIC VALUE AT THE 
TIME OF RUN. 
2.0 
1705304-2 
ENGINE, PERFORM ACCELERATION CITEOC PER AMM TASK 71-00-00-700424400 (TESTS) 
OPEN 
3.0 
170530-3-3 
MINE, POWER ASSURANCE CHECK AT AU. THREE SPEEDS (65, 70 AND 75%01) 
OPEN 
Proparmt By: 
Approved By: 
Siwkhart
 &en& &Hart 
DM*: 
Okay 2017 
Date: 
30-MAY-2017 
CAMP SYSTEMS 
at 
EFTA00812376
--- PAGE 8 ---
L  CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gifirosArAfc 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
(b) Look at the inside surfaces of the fan cowl panels or thrust reverser as applicable for new 
fuel, oil or hydraulic stains. 
(c) Do the leak check again after you replace or repair the tubes, tube flanges. fittings or 
components. 
F. 
Put the Airplane Back to Its Usual Condition 
SUITASK 7140-0.410.013•00 
WARNING: OBEY THE INSTRUCTIONS IN THE PROCEDURE TO CLOSE THE THRUST 
REVERSERS. IF YOU DO NOT OBEY THE INSTRUCTIONS. INJURIES TO 
PERSONS AND DAMAGE TO EQUIPMENT CAN OCCUR. 
(1) If they were opened, do this task: Close the Thrust Reverser (Selection), 
TASK 78-31-00-010.804-F00. 
SUBTASK 7140.00.410.014-F00 
(2) Do this task: Close the Fan Cowl Panels. TASK 71-11-02-410-801-F00. 
TASK 71-00-00-700-813-F00 
7. Test 5 - Power Assurance Check 
(Figure 503, Figure 504. and Figure 505) 
A. 
General 
END OF TASK 
(1) The Power Assurance Check is not a good test for performance analysis of the engine. Do not 
use only the Power Assurance Check to accept or reject an engine. The power assurance run 
is usually not sufficiently stable to accurately calculate the engine's health. You can get a more 
reliable performance analysis by doing a test cell operation or on-wing performance trend 
monitoring. 
(2) Do this test to make sure the engine will get takeoff power without the EGT or N2 at redline 
limits. 
For a specific %N1, this check will calculate the maximum EGT and the %N2 target values. 
This check can be done at one of three different N1 speeds: 
t is 
recommended that the initial check be done at 65% N1. If th 
e 
 , 
is operator 
policy, men do a subsequent test at the higher N1 speeds. 
This procedure will also give the steps to adjust the EGT limit (make an altitude correction of 
the maximum EGT) when you operate the airplane at an airport above sea level. The actual 
EGT margin is based on the airplane route structure. 
B. References 
Reference 
Title 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
24-22-00-860-811 
71-00-00-700-819-F00 
71-00-00-800-807-F00 
73-21-00-700-808-F00 
73-21-0D-740-803-F00 
C. 
Tools/Equipment 
Reference 
Supply Electrical Power (P/B 201) 
Stop the Engine Procedure (Usual Engine Stop) (P/B 201) 
Start the Engine Procedure (Selection) (P/B 201) 
IDENT/CONFIG (P/8 501) 
EEC BITE TEST - RECENT FAULTS (P/B 501) 
Description
STD-1122 
Thermometer - Alcohol/Mercury (or equivalent meter meets task 
requirements) 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
71-00-00 
Page 520 
D633A101-BBJ 
Jun 15/2015 
BOEING OROVRIETAPY .Cocrighe t'unp.c.thee Mot • See Me Dam lee delak 
EFTA00812377
--- PAGE 9 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56.7)
0_4117E/ACC 
737-600,70018001900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
D. Power Assurance Check 
SUBTASK 114040-970-00S-F00 
CAUTION: DO NOT USE THE TOTAL TEMPERATURE INDICATION FROM THE AIRPLANE FOR 
THE AMBIENT AIR TEMPERATURE. THIS WILL PREVENT AN INCORRECT TRIM 
TARGET SELECTION. 
CAUTION: DO NOT PUT A MERCURY THERMOMETER ON THE AIRPLANE. MERCURY (FROM 
A BROKEN THERMOMETER) CAN CAUSE DAMAGE TO THE AIRPLANE 
COMPONENTS. 
(1) Use a thermometer, STD-1122 to get the ambient air temperature (OAT) in the shade of the 
nose wheel well. 
(a) Record the OAT on the data sheet. 
SUBTASK T14040470404-F00 
(2) Use the OAT to get the %N1 Target speed, the Max EGT and Max %N2 for the applicable 
engine model and thrust rating (Figure 503, Figure 504. and Figure 505). 
NOTE: The 7826 and 7B26/B1 engine models are equivalent in thrust rating. The 7827 and 
e
ngine models are equivalent in thrust rating. 
(a) Record the %N1 Target, Max EGT and Max %N2 on the data sheet. 
(b) 
To do a check of the thrust rating, refer to the Ident/Config page, do this task: 
IDENT/CONFIG. TASK 73-21-00-700-808-F00 
1) 
Record the trim level for the N1 Modifier Adjustment used in the Test Results. 
SUBTASS 7tMMM04OtP00 
(3) Do this task: Supply Electrical Power. TASK 24-22-00-860-811. 
SUBTASK 1140-00460401400 
WARNING: MAKE SURE YOU OBEY ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS AND PRECAUTIONS WHEN 
YOU OPERATE AN ENGINE AT HIGH POWER. REFER TO THE ENGINE GROUND 
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS TASK. IF YOU DO NOT OBEY THE INSTRUCTIONS AND 
PRECAUTIONS, INJURIES TO PERSONS AND DAMAGE TO EQUIPMENT CAN 
OCCUR. 
(4) Do this task: Start the Engine Procedure (Selection), TASK 71-00-00-800-807-F00. 
(a) Make sure the BLEED 1 and BLEED 2 switches are in the OFF position. 
(b) Set the applicable GEN switch to the OFF position and release. 
NOTE: This will remove the load from the IDG, if it is not already removed. 
1) Make sure the applicable GEN OFF BUS light comes on. 
(c) Let the engine become stable at the idle-power position for five minutes. 
SUBTASK T140.00440.0104,00 
(5) Make sure that the applicable switches on the overhead panel. P5. are in the OFF position: 
(a) WING ANTI-ICE 
(b) ENG ANTI-ICE 1 or 2. 
SUBTASK 714040460-1 75400 
(6) Make sure the PROBE HEAT "A" or "Be switch on the overhead panel, P5, is in the ON 
position. 
NOTE: For engine operation at high power, the EEC can go into Alternate Mode operation if 
neither pitot probe is heated. 
EFFECTIVITY 
88J ALL 
71-00-00 
Page 521 
0633A101-BBJ 
Jun 15/2015 
SOONG PROANETARY - CoarAil QUngNWf AtoA. Ste EA 030* fre delas 
EFTA00812378
--- PAGE 10 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gifiroreArc 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
SUSTAIN( 71•00•00400411400 
(7) 
Monitor all engine parameters. 
(a) Carefully monitor the EGT and N2 indications. 
SUBTASK 71-00•00469•165400 
(8) Slowly move the applicable forward thrust lever to the N1 target speed that you got for the 
applicable MPA power level: 
(a) It is recommended that the 1ni is check e done at 65% N1. If that test fails. or if it is 
operator policy, then do a subsequent test at the higher N1 speeds. 
(b) If this is a subsequent check at a higher speed, make sure the engine runs at the 
idle-power position for a minimum of 10 minutes before you increase the engine speed 
again. 
SUBTASK 71•00-00410-034400 
(9) Let the engine become stable at this power assurance target for a 
SUBTASK TI•40•06410496400 
(10) 
arameters from the power assurance target on the data 
s ee . 
SUSTASK 7140-00-SWISAFOO 
(11) 
Slowly move the applicable forward thrust lever to the idle-power position. 
SUSTASK 7140404704$400 
(12) 
When this check is complete. make a decision if an additional check is necessary as follows: 
(a) If the test was satisfactory, you can do one of these steps: 
1) Do the above check again at the higher N1 speed; or, 
2) Continue to the steps to stop the engine. 
BBJ 001-004, 006, 008-018, 020, 021, 023-026. 028-037.039, 040, 042, 043, 061, 064, 068, 070-072, 
075. 076, 078, 079, 082, 083, 086, 087, 091-095, 097-099, 111-114, 116-119, 121, 122, 124, 125, 401, 
404, 405, 407, 409, 410, 415417, 901-905 PRE SB 737.30A1063 
a) 
Put the Probe Heat "A" and "B" switches on the overhead panel. P5, to the 
OFF position. 
BBJ 005, 007, 019, 022, 027, 038, 041, 062, 063, 066, 073, 077. 080, 085, 096, 120, 123, 126-399, 402, 
403, 406, 408, 412.414, 418422, 906-999; BBJ 001-004, 006, 008-018, 020. 021, 023-026, 028-037, 
039, 040, 042, 043, 061, 064, 068, 070-072, 075, 076, 078, 079, 082, 083, 086, 087, 091-095, 097-099, 
111-114, 116-119, 121. 122, 124, 125, 401, 404, 405, 407, 409, 410, 415.417, 901-905 POST SB 
737-30A1063 
b) 
Put the Probe Heat "A" and "B" switches on the overhead panel, P5. to the 
AUTO position. 
BBJ ALL 
c) Do this task: Stop the Engine Procedure (Usual Engine Stop), 
TASK 71-00-00.700-819-F00. 
(b) If the test is not satisfactory, do the above check again at the higher N1 speed. 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
IO633A101 -MU 
SOONG PRCORIETART • Ctenhi D kfrptainlind renri • $. 
US Wei S 444M 
71-00-00 
Page 522 
Jun 15/2016 
EFTA00812379
--- PAGE 11 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
Z
I
tirt7LFIAor 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
(a) Use these steps to find if there is a positive or negative difference between the N1 target 
and the N1 record: 
1) If the N1 target is more than the N1 record, there is a positive difference. 
2) If the N1 target Is less than the N1 record, there is a negative difference. 
(b) For each 0.1% of positive difference In N1, 0.8 degrees C must be added to the EGT, and 
0.03% must be added to the N2 value that you recorded during the test. 
(c) For each 0.1% of negative difference in N1, 0.8 degrees C must be subtracted from the 
EGT, and 0.03% must be subtracted from the N2 value that you recorded during the test. 
Table 503/71-00-00-993-925-F00 Adjustments for Difference between N1 Target and N1 Record 
Parameter 
EGT 
Correction Value/0.1 %N1 
0.8 Degrees C 
N2 
0.03% 
kT6 G 27/83) 
rLE eg9 Yin 
LT (7cs-1 
3,,,f 38r►`7`'
(d) 
If the engine has been configured with 7BUI or higher version of the EEC software, use 
the data for the applicable rating in the table below to adjust the N2 margin (Table 504). 
NOTE: 
Table 504/71-00-00-993-932-F00 
Rating 
NT Margin Adjustment" VI
7924 or 7824/3 
1.2 
792291 or 7822/381 
1.3% 
7822 or 7822/3 
1.5% 
g-Theets-----/
1.7% 
•[ 
ie adjustment is applicable to SAC and DAC engines. 
[2) N2 Margin (Adjusted) • Calculated N2 Margin - N2 Margin Adjustment 
(e) 
This is an Example Calculation for the MPA Test Table - 70% Nt of the 7620 engine for 
an OAT of 10 degrees C (Figure 504): 
BBJ ALL; AIRPLANES WITH SINGLE ANNULAR COMBUSTOR (SAC) ENGINES 
Table 505171-00.00-993-908-F00 
FROM MPA TEST TABLE - 70% Ni. OAT OF 10 DEG C 
N1 TARGET = 69.4%. EGT MAX =726 DEG C. N2 MAX = 91.8% 
TEST DATA RECORDS. N1 RECORD = 69.7%, EGT RECORD = 695 DEG C 
N2 RECORD = 81% 
N1 TARGET < N1 RECORD, A NEGATIVE DIFFERENCE 
al DIFF = N1 RECORD - N1 TARGET = 69.7 - 69.4 = 0.3 
EGT ADJ = EGT RECORD - (0.8/0.1)(N1 DIFF) = 695 - (0.8/0.1X0.3) = 692.6 DEG C 
N2 ADJ = N2 RECORD - (0.03/0.1XN1 DIFF) = 81% - (0.03/0.1X0.3) = 80.9% 
FIND EGTAND N2 MARGINS WITH THE VALUES OF EGTADJ AND N2 ADJ 
EGT MARGIN • EGT MAX - EGTADJ • 726 - 692.6 • 33.4 DEG C 
N2 MARGIN • N2 MAX • N2 ADJ • 91.8 - 80.9 • 10.9% 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
D633A101-BBJ 
BCC PC PROGRETARY .Cysylip , Ova Mel Work • Sof Ode pne to, details 
71-00-00 
Page 523 
Jun 15/2016 
EFTA00812380
--- PAGE 12 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gLATOSZAW 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
BBJ ALL; AIRPLANES WITH SINGLE ANNULAR COMBUSTOR (SAC) ENGINES (Continued) 
Table 505/71-00-00-993-908-F00 (Continued) 
N2 Margin (Adjusted) = 
10.9% (Calculated N2 Margin) - 1.7% (N2 Margin Adjustment) = 92%. I II12)
ill Get the N2 margin adjustment from Table 504 
(21 Adjust the N2 margin for engines configured with 7BUI or higher software. 
88.1 ALL 
SUSTASK 11 40 40704 3/400 
(2) To adjust the EGT margin for altitude. do these steps: 
(a) Find the Altitude Correction Adjustment for the applicable engine and altitude in the table. 
1) 
Use the highest altitude on the airplane's route structure. 
2) 
The EGT corrections shown are for takeoff worst case flight condition and Includes 
ambient temperature and altitude effects. 
3) 
Linear interpolation is necessary for altitudes between the table values. 
(b) 
Subtract the altitude adjustment value from the calculated EGT margin. 
Table 506/71-00-00-993-911-F00 Altitude Adjustment Factors 
ALTITUDE 
ENGINE MODEL I I)
FEET 
7820 
7622 
7822/81 
7824 
7624/61 
7826 
7626/82 
7827 
7827161 
7826/81 
'CO 
1000 
2000 
3000 
4000 
5000 
6000 
7000 
8000 
9000 
>9000 
LE 
. /3F. AND -76E RATINGS 
(c) 
To continue the same Examp e Calculation for altitude adjustment, assume the highest 
airport is at 4000 feet. 
BBJ ALL; AIRPLANES WITH SINGLE ANNULAR COMBUSTOR (SAC) ENGINES 
Table 507/71-00-00.993-912-F00 
FOR A 7820. 4000 FT ALTITUDE. ALTITUDE ADJUSTMENT FACTOR = 24 
EGT MARGIN ALT = EGT MARGIN - ALTITUDE ADJUSTMENT FACTOR 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
0633A101-BBJ 
scow pRopissusy.sopr o., Unpubli1W5 Wylt • St. lib Per 10,600. 3
71-00-00 
Page 524 
Jun 15/2016 
EFTA00812381
--- PAGE 13 ---
CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
cofirostsca 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
BB./ ALL; AIRPLANES WITH SINGLE ANNULAR COMBUSTOR (SAC) ENGINES (Continued) 
Table 507/71-00-00.993-912-F00 (Continued) 
- 33.4 - 24 
= 9.4 DEG C 
BB.) ALL 
SWUM 71.0.WM.OSNW 
(3) To adjust the EGT margin for N1 modifiers, do these steps: 
(a) Find the N1 Modifier Adjustment for the applicable engine model and trim level. 
1) 
To find the trim level, do this task: IDENT/CONFIG, TASK 73-21-00-700-808-F00. 
(b) 
Add the adjustment to the calculated EGT margin. 
Table 508/71.00-00-993409-F00 N1 Modifier Adjustments 
ENGINE MODEL in 
TRIM 
7820 
7822 
7822/81 
7824 
7824181 
7826 
7827 
7827181 
LEVEL 
7828/61 
nigarips
7928/82
_ 
Ill APPLICABLE TO ALL /3. /3F. AND -7BE RATINGS 
(c) 
To continue the same Example Calculation for N1 Modifier, assume the trim level is 4. 
MU ALL; AIRPLANES WITH SINGLE ANNULAR COMBUSTOR (SAC) ENGINES 
Table 509/71.00.00-993-910-F00 
FOR A 7B20 WITH TRIM LEVEL OF 4. N1 MODIFIER ADJUSTMENT = 6 
EGT MARGIN MODIFIED = EGT MARGIN ALT -0. N1 MODIFIER ADJUSTMENT 
= 9.4 + 6 
= 15.4 DEG C 
BBJ ALL 
SOBTASK 71•00•004704311400 
(4) If the 65% N1 power assurance check is not satisfactory, do the test again at 70% Ni. 
(a) If the 70% N1 power assurance check is not satisfactory, do the test again at 75% N1. 
1) If the 75% Ni power assurance check is not satisfactory, do this task: EEC BITE 
TEST - RECENT FAULTS, TASK 73.21-00-740.803-F00. 
EFFECTIVITY 
riALL 
D633A101-BBJ 
e0EiNCPROloctiCYNtt - ecorip t; inatai~vra . se. my rm  rd 1.041. 
71-00-00 
Page 525 
Jun 15/2016 
EFTA00812382
--- PAGE 14 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
co_fronsc 
EFFECTIVITY 
MU AU. 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
a) If you find and correct the cause, do the test again at the first power level that 
failed. 
b) If you do not find the cause, use your airline policy to make the decision if the 
engine must be replaced. 
END OF TASK 
71-00-00 
Page 526 
D633A101-BBJ 
Jun 15/2016 
!CCM 'Ronne rim • CayIr2 2 unputioaa WV\ - Sea OA 109* /W I'S.' 
EFTA00812383
--- PAGE 15 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
iZtdirOSZAW 
737.600/70018001900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
SUBTASK 71-000007040$F00 
(11) If the test is to get vibration data for an on-board fan trim balance, view the flight history data 
(TASK 71-00-00-750-802-F00 or TASK 71-00.00-750-806-F00 or TASK 71-00-00-750.805-F00 
or TASK 71-00-00-750-804-F00 or TASK 71-00-00-750-803-F00). 
SUSTASK 7140-004110401-FCC 
(12) If the vibration indications for the fan and low pressure turbine rotor (N1) is more than 4.0 units 
or is less than 4.0 units with engine noise or rumble, do the fault isolation procedure for high 
engine vibration FfM 71-05 TASK 808. 
SUSTASK 71.0040410-002-F00 
(13) If the vibration indications for the high pressure compressor and turbine (N2) is more than 3.0 
units, do the fault isolation procedure for high engine vibration FIM 71-05 TASK 808. 
I. Put the Airplane Back to Its Usual Condition 
SWITASK 71.00-00-0804014T4 
(1) If you installed the portable engine balancing system. COM-3932. remove the analyzer. 
SUSTASK 71404F010-02SF00 
(2) If you installed the analyzer. COM-1562, do these steps to remove the analyzer: 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
Disconnect the analyzer, COM-1562 from the test box, SPL-2415. 
Do this step: 
open this access panel: 
Number 
Name/Location 
117A 
Electronic Equipment Access Door 
Remove the test box, SPL-2415 from the flight compartment window and close the 
window. 
(d) Disconnect the test box, SPL-2415 from the front panel of the airborne vibration monitor 
(AVM) signal conditioner. 
(e) Remove the analyzer. COM-1562 from the flight compartment. 
(f) Do this step: 
Close this access panel: 
Number 
Name/Location 
117A 
Electronic Equipment Access Door 
END OF TASK 
A. General 
(1) The acceleration check is a good test for transient performance analysis of the engine. 
(a) Do not use the test by itself to accept or reject an engine. 
(2) Do this test to make sure the engine has usual acceleration performance. 
B. References 
Reference 
Title 
24-22-00-660-811 
Supply Electrical Power (NB 201) 
71-00.00.700.819-F00 
Stop the Engine Procedure (Usual Engine Stop) (PM 201) 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
71-00-00 
D633A101-BBJ 
800,4 PRCPRIETARY . Cavyaga a arcaasaM at • ate O. ara kt deal* 
Page 550 
Oct 15/2016 
EFTA00812384
--- PAGE 16 ---
CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
(Continued) 
Reference 
71-00-00-800-805-F00 
71-00-00-800-807-F00 
73-21-00-740-803-F00 
FIM 73-05 TASK 814 
Fifirostsw 
737-60017001800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
Title 
Engine Ground Safety Precautions (P/B 201) 
Start the Engine Procedure (Selection) (P/B 201) 
EEC BITE TEST- RECENT FAULTS (P/B 501) 
Engine is Slow to Accelerate - Fault Isolation 
C. Tools/Equipment 
Reference 
Description 
Thermometer - Alcohol/Mercury (or equivalent meter meets task 
requirements) 
Timer - Stop Watch, Accurate to 1 Second 
$TD-1122 
STD-1139 
D. Location Zones 
Zone 
Area 
211 
Flight Compartment - Left 
212 
Flight Compartment - Right 
411 
Engine 1 - Engine 
421 
Engine 2 - Engine 
E. Acceleration Check 
SUSTASK 714040470091400 
CAUTION: DO NOT USE THE TOTAL TEMPERATURE INDICATION FROM THE AIRPLANE FOR 
THE AMBIENT AIR TEMPERATURE. THIS WILL PREVENT AN INCORRECT TRIM 
TARGET SELECTION. 
CAUTION: DO NOT PUT A MERCURY THERMOMETER ON THE AIRPLANE. MERCURY (FROM 
A BROKEN THERMOMETER) CAN CAUSE DAMAGE TO THE AIRPLANE 
COMPONENTS. 
(1) Use a thermometer, STD-1122 to get the ambient air temperature (OAT) in the shade of the 
nose wheel well. 
(a) Record the OAT on the data sheet. 
SUBTASK 710000470417400 
(2) Use the OAT to get the N1 target speed and the N2 starting point: 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
For N1, use the MPA Test Table - 70% N1 Corrected Fan Speed (Figure 504). 
For N2, use the (Table 510). 
Record the N1 and N2 speeds for the OAT on the data sheet. 
SUBTASK 714040410.1.2.F00 
(3) If not already done, do this task: Supply Electrical Power, TASK 24-22-00.860-811. 
SUBTASK 71-00404004.3400 
WARNING: MAKE SURE THAT YOU OBEY ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS AND PRECAUTIONS 
WHEN YOU OPERATE AN ENGINE AT HIGH POWER. REFER TO THIS TASK: 
ENGINE GROUND SAFETY PRECAUTIONS ENGINE GROUND SAFETY 
PRECAUTIONS. TASK 71-00-00-800-805-F00. IF YOU DO NOT OBEY THE 
INSTRUCTIONS AND PRECAUTIONS, INJURIES TO PERSONS AND DAMAGE TO 
EQUIPMENT CAN OCCUR. 
(4) Do this task: Start the Engine Procedure (Selection), TASK 71-00-00.800.807-F00. 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
71-00-00 
D633A101-BBJ 
60ENCi PROPRIETARY • C; c,
 OIc,MfC ASH.. Sn IA NV* b *Ws 
Page 551 
Oct 15/2016 
EFTA00812385
--- PAGE 17 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
Son's 
737-600/7001800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
(a) Make sure the BLEED 1 and BLEED 2 switches are in the OFF position. 
(b) Set the applicable GEN switch to the OFF position and release. 
NOTE: This will remove the load from the IDG, if it is not already removed. 
1) Make sure the applicable GEN OFF BUS light comes on. 
(c) Let the engine become stable at the idle-power position for five minutes. 
SWAIM 714044450.1114400 
(5) Make sure that the applicable switches on the overhead panel, P5, are in the OFF position: 
(a) 
WING ANTI-ICE 
(b) ENG ANTI-ICE 1 or 2. 
SUSTASK 71-0040460.145•PIN 
(6) Make sure the PROBE HEAT "A" or "B" switch on the overhead panel. P5, is in the ON 
position. 
NOTE: For engine operation at high power, the EEC can go into Alternate Mode operation if 
neither pilot probe is heated. 
5VSTASK 714044-11.0.1.5400 
(7) Monitor all engine parameters. 
(a) Carefully monitor the EGT and N2 indications. 
SUMS( 7140.00400-001-r-00 
(8) 
To do the acceleration check with the N1 and N2 speeds, use a stopwatch. STD-1139 and do 
these thrust lever movements: 
(a) 
Slowly move the applicable forward thrust lever to 5% N1 speed more than the N1 target 
speed that you got from the MPA Test Table (70% N1) (Figure 504). 
(b) 
Mark the thrust lever position (control stand) with a piece of tape or pencil. 
1) 
Minimize the amount of time spent at more than idle. 
(c) To decelerate, slowly move the applicable forward thrust lever back to the N2 starting 
point +/-0.3% (Table 510). 
(d) 
When the engine parameters are stable, quickly move the thrust lever to the marked 
position. 
(e) Start the stopwatch at the initial thrust lever movement. 
(1) 
Stop the stopwatch when N1 is at the N1 MPA target speed (not target + 5%). 
(g) Slowly move the applicable thrust lever back to the idle position. 
(h) Record the acceleration time on the data sheet. 
(i) If the test is performed above sea level. subtract 0.25 seconds for each 1000 feet altitude 
from the recorded acceleration time. 
1) Record the adjusted acceleration time on the data sheet. 
(j) Make sure the adjusted acceleration time is less than 6.3 seconds. 
(k) If the adjusted acceleration time is not in the limits, do this task: Engine is Slow to 
Accelerate • Fault Isolation. FIM 73-05 TASK 814. 
3VIITASK 7140-00460.1117-r00 
(9) When the acceleration check is complete, do these tasks: 
EFFECTIVITY 
SBJ ALL 
71-00-00 
Page 552 
D633A101-BBJ 
Oct 15/2016 
BOEIC PROPFICAerr CwygtO tleptailv4 Wolk -6« 6* Part, anhis 
EFTA00812386
--- PAGE 18 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
cbsraPanno 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
BBJ 001-004, 006, 008-018, 020, 021, 023-026, 028-037, 039, 040, 042, 043, 061, 064, 068, 070-072, 
075, 076, 078, 079, 082, 083, 086, 087, 091-095, 097-099, 111-114, 116-119, 121, 122. 124, 125, 401, 
404, 405, 407, 409, 410, 415-417, 901-905 PRE SB 737-30A1063 
(a) Put the Probe Heat 'A' and "13" switches on the overhead panel. P5, to the OFF position. 
SEW 005, 007, 019, 022, 027, 038, 041, 062, 063, 066, 073, 077, 080, 085, 096, 120, 123, 126.399, 402, 
403, 406, 408, 412-414, 418-422, 906-999; BBJ 001-004, 006, 008-018, 020, 021, 023-026, 028-037, 
039, 040, 042, 043, 061. 064, 068, 070-072, 075iii 078, 079, 082, 083, 086. 087, 091-095, 097-099, 
111-114, 116-119, 121, 122, 124, 125, 401, 404407, 409, 410, 415-417, 901.905 POST SB 
737-30A1063 
(b) Put the Probe Heat 'A" and "B" switches on the overhead panel. P5. to the AUTO 
position. 
BBJ ALL 
(c) Stop the Engine Procedure (Usual Engine Stop), TASK 71-00-00-700-819-F00 
SMARM 71-00404150-4$8400 
(1 0) 
Do this task: EEC BITE TEST - RECENT FAULTS, TASK 73-21-00-740-803-F00. 
SMMOK7I0040404040) 
(11) The table below shows the N2/OAT Acceleration Test data (Table 510): 
Table 510/71-00-00-993-882-F00 
OAT Deg F (C) 
%N2 
OAT Dog F (C) 
%N2 
OAT Deg F (C) 
%N2 
OAT Deg F (C) 
%N2 
-40 (40) 
65.0 
(-17) 
68.1 
(6) 
71.1 
(29) 
74.0 
-38 (-39) 
65.1 
(-16) 
68.3 
(7) 
71.3 
(30) 
74.2 
-36 (-38) 
65.3 
(-15) 
68.4 
(8) 
71.4 
(31) 
74.3 
-35 (-37) 
65.4 
(-14) 
68.6 
(9) 
71.5 
(32) 
74.4 
-33 (-36) 
65.5 
91-13) 
68.7 
50(10) 
71.7 
(33) 
74.5 
-31 (-35) 
65.7 
(-12) 
68.8 
(11) 
71.8 
(34) 
74.6 
/29 (-34) 
65.8 
(-11) 
69.0 
(12) 
71.9 
(35) 
74.8 
-27 (-33) 
66.0 
(-10) 
69.1 
(13) 
72.0 
(36) 
74.9 
-26 (-32) 
66.1 
(-9) 
69.2 
(14) 
72.2 
(37) 
75.0 
-24 (-31) 
66.2 
(-8) 
69.4 
(15) 
72.3 
100 (38) 
75.1 
-22 (-30) 
66.4 
(-7) 
69.5 
(16) 
72.4 
102 (39) 
75.3 
-20 (-29) 
66.5 
(-6) 
69.6 
(17) 
72.6 
104 (40) 
75.4 
-18 (-28) 
66.7 
(-5) 
69.7 
(18) 
72.7 
106 (41) 
75.5 
-17 (-27) 
66.8 
(-4) 
69.9 
(19) 
72.8 
108 (42) 
75.6 
-15 (-26) 
66.9 
(-3) 
70.0 
(20) 
72.9 
109 (43) 
75.7 
-13 (-25) 
67.1 
(-2) 
70.1 
(21) 
73.0 
111 (44) 
75.9 
-11 (-24) 
67.2 
(-1) 
70.3 
(22) 
73.2 
113 (45) 
76.0 
-9 (-23) 
67.4 
(0) 
70.4 
(23) 
73.3 
115 (46) 
76.1 
-8 (-22) 
67.5 
(1) 
70.5 
(24
M23.. 
117 (47) 
76.2 
-6 (-21) 
67.6 
(2) 
70.6 
(25) 
73.5 
118 (48) 
76.3 
-4 (-20) 
67.8 
(3) 
70.8 
(26) 
_ 
73.7 
120 (49) 
76.5 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
71-00-00 
Page 553 
0633A101-BBJ 
BOENO PROPRIETARY C04/19.4-DtARAARAneo WA% . Soo ale Po?. So *cab 
Oct 15/2016 
EFTA00812387
--- PAGE 19 ---
L  CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
.__Bear/NC 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
Table 510/71-00-00-993.882-F00 (Continued) 
OAT Deg F (CI 
%N2 
OAT Deg F (C) 
%N2 
OAT Deg F (C) 
%N2 
OAT Deg F (C) 
%/42 
-2 (-19) 
67.9 
(4) 
70.9 
(27) 
73.8 
122 (50) 
76.6 
(-18) 
68.0 
(5) 
71.0 
(28) 
73.9 
END OF TASK 
TASK 71.00-00-700-816-F00 
10. Test 9 - Replacement Engine Test (Pretested) 
A. General 
(1)
This test does the checks that are necessary when a new pretested engine is installed on an 
airplane. 
(2) A pretested engine is a complete engine, with or without the Boeing quick-engine-change 
(QEC) parts, that was operated satisfactorily in an approved test cell or if engine was 
previously removed for convenience or time staggering. 
(3) If the replacement engine was not pretested, do this procedure: Test 10 - Replacement Engine 
Test (Untested) to do a check of the engine installation and operation. 
(4) 
This procedure will do all the necessary checks for the Boeing QEC components on the 
engine. 
B. References 
Reference 
Title 
24-11-00-700-802 
24-11-00-700-803 
26-11-00-710-801 
29.11.00.860-804 
30-21-00-710-801 
38.00-00.860-801 
36-11-04-400-801 
71.00-03-600-803-F00 
71-71-00-200-801-F® 
73-21-00-700-804-F00 
73-21-00-700-808-F00 
73-21-00-700-809-F00 
73.21.00-740.803-F00 
73.21.00.800.801-F® 
79-00-00-710-806-F00 
C. Location Zones 
Zone 
Area 
Operational Test For Number 1 IDG (MB 501) 
Operational Test For Number 2 IDG (P/B 501) 
Engine Fire Detection - Operational Test (P/B 501) 
Hydraulic System A or B Pressurization with an Engine-Driven 
Pump (EDP) (P/B 201) 
Engine Cowl Anti-Icing - Operational Test (NB 501) 
Supply Pressure to the Pneumatic System (Selection) (NB 201) 
PRSOV Installation (NS 401) 
Depreservation of an Engine On-Wing (Task Selection) 
(P/B 201) 
Engine Vents and Drains Inspection (P/B 601) 
EEC TEST (P/B 501) 
IDENT/CONFIG (P/B 501) 
EEC Discretes Test (P/B 501) 
EEC BITE TEST - RECENT FAULTS (MB 501) 
Erase All EEC Faults (P/B 501) 
DMS Operational Check (P/B 601) 
211 
Flight Compartment - Left 
212 
Flight Compartment - Right 
411 
Engine 1 - Engine 
421 
Engine 2 - Engine 
FI
EFFECTIVITY 
Irl ALL 
0633A101-BBJ 
ROME PROPRIETARY. Cconhet 1,00.0..-es fon .Sceut. pew ice ckno i
71-00-00 
Page 554 
Oct 15/2016 
EFTA00812388
--- PAGE 20 ---
L  CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
i?;Lfirostsec 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1 
TARGET 
MAX EGT - 'C 
ENGINE MODEL F-7> 
F 
'C 
10.57. 7827/81 7827 
7826 
826/81
7826/82 
7824/81 7824 7822/81 7822 
7820 
-40 -40 
58.6 
443 
461 
465 
501 
503 
524 
553 
-38 -39 
58.7 
446 
464 
468 
504 
506 
527 
556 
-36 -38 
58.8 
450 
468 
472 
508 
510 
531 
560 
-35 -37 
58.9 
453 
471 
475 
511 
513 
534 
563 
-33 -36 
59.1 
456 
474 
478 
514 
516 
537 
566 
-31 -35 
59.2 
460 
478 
482 
518 
520 
541 
570 
-29 -34 
59.3 
463 
481 
485 
521 
523 
544 
573 
-27 -33 
59.4 
466 
484 
488 
524 
526 
547 
576 
-26 -32 
59.5 
470 
488 
492 
528 
530 
551 
580 
-24 -31 
59.7 
473 
491 
495 
531 
533 
554 
583 
-22 -30 
59.8 
476 
494 
498 
534 
536 
557 
586 
-20 -29 
59.9 
480 
498 
502 
538 
540 
561 
590 
-18 -28 
60.0 
483 
501 
505 
541 
543 
564 
593 
-17 -27 
60.2 
486 
504 
508 
544 
546 
567 
596 
-15 -26 
60.3 
490 
508 
512 
548 
550 
571 
600 
-13 -25 
60.4 
493 
511 
515 
551 
553 
574 
603 
-11 -24 
60.5 
496 
514 
518 
554 
556 
577 
606 
-9 -23 
60.6 
498 
516 
520 
556 
558 
579 
608 
-8 -22 
60.7 
501 
519 
523 
559 
561 
582 
611 
-6 -21 
60.9 
503 
521 
525 
561 
563 
584 
613 
-4 -20 
61.0 
506 
524 
528 
564 
566 
587 
616 
-2 -19 
61.1 
508 
526 
530 
566 
568 
589 
618 
-18 
61.2 
511 
529 
533 
569 
571 
592 
621 
-17 
61.3 
513 
531 
535 
571 
573 
594 
623 
-16 
61.5 
516 
534 
538 
574 
576 
597 
626 
-15 
61.6 
518 
536 
540 
576 
578 
599 
628 
-14 
61.7 
521 
539 
543 
579 
581 
602 
631 
-13 
61.8 
524 
542 
546 
582 
584 
605 
634 
-12 
61.9 
526 
544 
548 
584 
586 
607 
636 
-11 
62.0 
528 
546 
550 
586 
588 
609 
638 
-10 
62.2 
531 
549 
553 
589 
591 
612 
641 
-9 
62.3 
533 
551 
555 
591 
593 
614 
643 
-8 
62.4 
536 
554 
558 
594 
596 
617 
646 
-7 
62.5 
538 
556 
560 
596 
598 
619 
648 
-6 
62.6 
541 
559 
563 
599 
601 
622 
651 
-5 
62.7 
543 
561 
565 
601 
603 
624 
653 
-4 
62.9 
546 
564 
568 
604 
606 
627 
656 
11- >APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -7BE RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
MPA Test Table corrected 
Fan Speed) 
Figure 503/71-00-00-990-820-F00 (Sheet 1 of 6) 
D633A101-BBJ 
PlinPRIE PAY • encor 
thipvtinnsl ?Ws • See ilk :49e be 
Is 
GMM-1156640-00-A (MOD) 
GIS.SO IS SGOOMI785_V4 
71-00-00 
Page 527 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812389
--- PAGE 21 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
Ofi ir4C7SZAW 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
2N1
TARGET 
MAX EGT - C 
ENGINE MODEL r> 
'F 
•C 
:0.52 7827/B1 7827 
7826
826181
7826/82 
7824/81 7824 7822/81 7822 
7820 
-3 
63.0 
548 
566 
570 
606 
608 
629 
658 
-2 
63.1 
550 
568 
572 
608 
610 
631 
660 
-1 
63.2 
552 
570 
574 
610 
612 
633 
662 
63.3 
555 
573 
577 
613 
615 
636 
665 
63.4 
557 
575 
579 
615 
617 
638 
667 
63.5 
559 
577 
581 
617 
619 
640 
669 
63.7 
561 
579 
583 
619 
621 
642 
671 
63.8 
563 
581 
585 
621 
623 
644 
673 
63.9 
565 
583 
587 
623 
625 
646 
675 
64.0 
567 
585 
589 
625 
627 
648 
677 
1 
64.1 
570 
588 
592 
628 
630 
651 
680 
64.2 
572 
590 
594 
630 
632 
653 
682 
64.3 
574 
592 
596 
632 
634 
655 
684 
10 
64.4 
576 
594 
598 
634 
636 
657 
686 
11 
64.6 
578 
596 
600 
636 
638 
659 
688 
12 
64.7 
579 
597 
601 
637 
639 
660 
689 
13 
64.8 
581 
599 
603 
639 
641 
662 
691 
14 
64.9 
583 
601 
605 
641 
643 
664 
693 
15 
65.0 
585 
603 
607 
643 
645 
666 
695 
16 
65.1 
586 
604 
608 
644 
646 
667 
696 
17 
65.2 
588 
606 
610 
646 
648 
669 
698 
18 
65.3 
590 
608 
612 
648 
650 
671 
700 
19 
65.4 
592 
610 
614 
650 
652 
673 
702 
20 
65.6 
594 
612 
616 
652 
654 
675 
704 
21 
65.7 
596 
614 
618 
654 
656 
677 
706 
22 
65.8 
598 
616 
620 
656 
658 
679 
708 
23 
65.9 
600 
618 
622 
658 
660 
681 
710 
24 
66.0 
602 
620 
624 
660 
662 
683 
712 
25 
66.1 
604 
622 
626 
662 
664 
685 
714 
26 
66.2 
606 
624 
628 
664 
666 
687 
716 
27 
66.3 
608 
626 
630 
666 
668 
689 
718 
28 
66.4 
611 
I 
629 
633 
669 
671 
692 
721 
29 
66.5 
613 
631 
635 
671 
673 
694 
723 
30 
66.6 
615 
633 
637 
673 
675 
696 
725 
31 
66.8 
617 
635 
639 
675 
677 
698 
727 
32 
66.9 
619 
637 
641 
677 
679 
700 
729 
33 
67.0 
621 
639 
643 
679 
681 
702 
731 
P-7>APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -7BE RATINGS 
rB
-- EFFECTIVITY 
EtJ ALL 
GMM-1156641-00-A (MOD) 
Gan17 S00065417862/4 
MPA Test Table
Corrected Fan Speed) 
Figure 503/71-00 - 
- 
-F00 (Sheet 2 of 6) 
D633A101-BRU 
anetho PRognimr • coovent Chlft440•011.-n Fwr CHI peon I.. -leak 
71-00-00 
Page 528 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812390
--- PAGE 22 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gilift7SZAW 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
Oil 
TARGET 
MAX EGT - 
C 
ENGINE MODEL EC> 
7827 
7826 
F 
'C 
:0.5% 7827/840, 7826/B1 7824/B1 7824 7B22/B1 7822 
7820 
7826/82 
34 
67.1 
623 
641 
645 
681 
683 
704 
733 
35 
67.2 
625 
643 
647 
683 
685 
706 
735 
36 
67.3 
628 
646 
650 
686 
688 
709 
738 
37 
67.4 
630 
648 
652 
688 
690 
711 
740 
100 38 
67.5 
632 
650 
654 
690 
692 
713 
742 
102 39 
67.6 
634 
652 
656 
692 
694 
715 
744 
104 40 
67.7 
637 
655 
659 
695 
697 
718 
747 
106 41 
67.8 
639 
657 
661 
697 
699 
720 
749 
108 42 
67.9 
641 
659 
663 
699 
701 
722 
751 
109 43 
68.0 
643 
661 
665 
701 
703 
724 
753 
111 44 
68.1 
645 
663 
667 
703 
705 
726 
755 
113 45 
68.2 
647 
665 
669 
705 
707 
728 
757 
115 46 
68.4 
649 
667 
671 
707 
709 
730 
759 
117 47 
68.5 
651 
669 
673 
709 
711 
732 
761 
118 48 
68.6 
653 
671 
675 
711 
713 
734 
763 
120 49 
68.7 
655 
673 
677 
713 
715 
736 
765 
122 50 
68.8 
657 
675 
679 
715 
717 
738 
767 
7-7>APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -7BE RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
MPA Test Table 
orrected Fan Speed) 
Figure 503/71-NgeFOO 
(Sheet 3 of 6) 
D633A101-BBJ 
HIE Mr; PW)PSIETAR? • C.,./ite ":0•Atail•ed No" • Sr. eue P.Oe m. '<Wit 
GMM-1156641 -00 -A 
O86614 500069 0787_1/ 4 
71-00-00 
Page 529 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812391
--- PAGE 23 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
cafinansfc 
737.600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1 
TARGET 
MAX XN2 
ENGINE MODEL N::› 
•F 
C 
±0.5X 7827/81 7827 
7826 
826/82
7826/82 
7824/81 7824 7022/81 7822 
7820 
-40 -40 
58.6 
79.8 
79.7 
80.3 
80.9 
81.5 
81.6 
81.9 
-38 -39 
58.7 
80.0 
79.9 
80.5 
81.1 
81.7 
81.8 
82.1 
-36 -38 
58.8 
80.1 
80.0 
80.6 
81.2 
81.8 
81.9 
82.2 
-35 -37 
58.9 
80.3 
80.2 
80.8 
81.4 
82.0 
82.1 
82.4 
-33 -36 
59.1 
80.5 
80.4 
81.0 
81.6 
82.2 
82.3 
82.6 
-31 -35 
59.2 
80.6 
80.5 
81.1 
81.7 
82.3 
82.4 
82.7 
-29 -34 
59.3 
80.8 
80.7 
81.3 
81.9 
82.5 
82.6 
82.9 
-27 -33 
59.4 
80.9 
80.8 
81.4 
82.0 
82.6 
82.7 
83.0 
-26 -32 
59.5 
81.1 
81.0 
81.6 
82.2 
82.8 
82.9 
83.2 
-24 -31 
59.7 
81.3 
81.2 
81.8 
82.4 
83.0 
83.1 
83.4 
-22 -30 
59.8 
81.4 
81.3 
81.9 
82.5 
83.1 
83.2 
83.5 
-20 -29 
59.9 
81.6 
81.5 
82.1 
82.7 
83.3 
83.4 
83.7 
-18 -28 
60.0 
81.7 
81.6 
82.2 
82.8 
83.4 
83.5 
83.8 
-17 -27 
60.2 
81.9 
81.8 
82.4 
83.0 
83.6 
83.7 
84.0 
-15 -26 
60.3 
82.0 
81.9 
82.5 
83.1 
83.7 
83.8 
84.1 
-13 -25 
60.4 
82.2 
82.1 
82.7 
83.3 
83.9 
84.0 
84.3 
-11 -24 
60.5 
82.4 
82.3 
82.9 
83.5 
84.1 
84.2 
84.5 
-9 -23 
60.6 
82.5 
82.4 
83.0 
83.6 
84.2 
84.3 
84.6 
-8 -22 
60.7 
82.7 
82.6 
83.2 
83.8 
84.4 
84.5 
84.8 
-6 -21 
60.9 
82.8 
82.7 
83.3 
83.9 
84.5 
84.6 
84.9 
-4 -20 
61.0 
83.0 
82.9 
83.5 
84.1 
84.7 
84.8 
85.1 
-2 -19 
61.1 
83.2 
83.1 
83.7 
84.3 
84.9 
85.0 
85.3 
-18 
61.2 
83.3 
83.2 
83.8 
84.4 
85.0 
85.1 
85.4 
-17 
61.3 
83.5 
83.4 
84.0 
84.6 
85.2 
85.3 
85.6 
-16 
61.5 
83.7 
83.6 
84.2 
84.8 
85.4 
85.5 
85.8 
-15 
61.6 
83.8 
83.7 
84.3 
84.9 
85.5 
85.6 
85.9 
-14 
61.7 
84.0 
83.9 
84.5 
85.1 
85.7 
85.8 
86.1 
-13 
61.8 
84.2 
84.1 
84.7 
85.3 
85.9 
86.0 
86.3 
-12 
61.9 
84.3 
84.2 
84.8 
85.4 
86.0 
86.1 
86.4 
-11 
62.0 
84.5 
84.4 
85.0 
85.6 
86.2 
86.3 
86.6 
-10 
62.2 
84.6 
84.5 
85.1 
85.7 
86.3 
86.4 
86.7 
-9 
62.3 
84.8 
84.7 
85.3 
85.9 
86.5 
86.6 
86.9 
-8 
62.4 
85.0 
84.9 
85.5 
86.1 
86.7 
86.8 
87.1 
-7 
62.5 
85.1 
85.0 
85.6 
86.2 
86.8 
86.9 
87.2 
-6 
62.6 
85.3 
85.2 
85.8 
86.4 
87.0 
87.1 
87.4 
-5 
62.7 
85.5 
• 
85.4 
86.0 
86.6 
87.2 
87.3 
87.6 
-4 
62.9 
85.6 
. 
85.5 
86.1 
86.7 
87.3 
87.4 
87.7 
Ll_2>APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -7BE RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
• 
MPA Test Table 
Corrected Fan Speed) 
Figure 503/71-00-00- 
-F00 (Sheet 4 of 6) 
D633A101-BBJ 
POCINGPROCCIETARv • cccr 
kNaitozis4ti 
F.se Mn pro Pe Mints 
GMM-1156642-00-A (MOD) 
kiat526 Sr/36W Ult./4 
71-00-00 
Page 530 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812392
--- PAGE 24 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7)
ejLisrortivo 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
ZN1 
TARGET 
MAX XN2 
ENGINE MODEL
F 
C 
20.57. 
7B27/B1 
7827 
7B26
m
ir
e26/91
7826/82 
7824/61 
7824 
7822/B1 
7622 
7620 
-3 
63.0 
85.8 
85.7 
86.3 
86.9 
87.5 
87.6 
87.9 
-2 
63.1 
86.0 
85.9 
86.5 
87.1 
87.7 
87.8 
88.1 
-1 
63.2 
86.1 
86.0 
86.6 
87.2 
87.8 
87.9 
88.2 
63.3 
86.3 
86.2 
86.8 
87.4 
88.0 
88.1 
88.4 
63.4 
86.5 
86.4 
87.0 
87.6 
88.2 
88.3 
88.6 
63.5 
86.6 
86.5 
87.1 
87.7 
88.3 
88.4 
88.7 
63.7 
86.8 
86.7 
87.3 
87.9 
88.5 
88.6 
88.9 
63.8 
87.0 
86.9 
87.5 
88.1 
88.7 
88.8 
89.1 
63.9 
87.1 
87.0 
87.6 
88.2 
88.8 
88.9 
89.2 
64.0 
87.3 
• 
87.2 
87.8 
88.4 
89.0 
89.1 
89.4 
64.1 
87.4 
87.3 
87.9 
88.5 
89.1 
89.2 
89.5 
64.2 
87.6 
. 
87.5 
88.1 
88.7 
89.3 
89.4 
89.7 
64.3 
87.8 
. 
• 
87.7 
88.3 
88.9 
89.5 
89.6 
89.9 
10 
64.4 
87.9 
• 
• 
87.8 
88.4 
89.0 
89.6 
89.7 
90.0 
11 
64.6 
88.1 
88.0 
88.6 
89.2 
89.8 
89.9 
90.2 
12 
64.7 
88.3 
88.2 
88.8 
89.4 
90.0 
90.1 
90.4 
13 
64.8 
88.4 
88.3 
88.9 
89.5 
90.1 
90.2 
90.5 
14 
64.9 
88.6 
88.5 
89.1 
89.7 
90.3 
90.4 
90.7 
15 
65.0 
88.8 
88.7 
89.3 
89.9 
90.5 
90.6 
90.9 
16 
65.1 
88.9 
88.8 
89.4 
90.0 
90.6 
90.7 
91.0 
17 
65.2 
89.1 
89.0 
89.6 
90.2 
90.8 
90.9 
91.2 
18 
65.3 
89.2 
. 
89.1 
89.7 
90.3 
90.9 
91.0 
91.3 
19 
65.4 
89.4 
89.3 
89.9 
90.5 
91.1 
91.2 
91.5 
20 
65.6 
89.6 
89.5 
90.1 
90.7 
91.3 
91.4 
91.7 
21 
65.7 
89.7 
89.6 
90.2 
90.8 
91.4 
91.5 
91.8 
22 
65.8 
89.9 
89.8 
90.4 
91.0 
91.6 
91.7 
92.0 
23 
65.9 
90.0 
89.9 
90.5 
91.1 
91.7 
91.8 
92.1 
66.0 
90.2 
' 
90.1 
90.7 
91.3 
91.9 
92.0 
92.3 
66.1 
90.3 
• 
• 
90.2 
90.8 
91.4 
92.0 
92.1 
92.4 
26 
66.2 
90.5 
90.4 
91.0 
91.6 
92.2 
92.3 
92.6 
27 
66.3 
90.6 
90.5 
91.1 
91.7 
92.3 
92.4 
92.7 
28 
66.4 
90.8 
• 
90.7 
91.3 
91.9 
92.5 
92.6 
92.9 
29 
66.5 
90.9 
• 
90.8 
91.4 
92.0 
92.6 
92.7 
93.0 
30 
66.6 
91.1 
91.0 
91.6 
92.2 
92.8 
92.9 
93.2 
31 
66.8 
91.3 
91.2 
91.8 
92.4 
93.0 
93.1 
93.4 
32 
66.9 
91.4 
91.3 
91.9 
92.5 
93.1 
93.2 
93.5 
33 
67.0 
91.6 
91.5 
92.1 
92.7 
93.3 
93.4 
93.7 
FIMAPPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F AND -7BE RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
MPA Teat Table 
rected Fan Speed) 
Figure 503/71.-0700, 990M0 
(Sheet 5 of 6) 
0633A101-BBJ 
*NM PROpkirrpfre • ccpecht 
aPh.°+•O1a rvan ra. dosr, 
GMM-1156642-00-A (MOD) 
1-145511S0006581789_1/4 
71-00-00 
Page 531 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812393
--- PAGE 25 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gifirostivo 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
2N1 
TARGET 
MAX XN2 
ENGINE MODEL '
'?
*F 
C 
±0.5Z 
7827/81 7827 
7826
amit26/B1 
7824/81 
7824 
7822/81 
7822 
7820 
26/82 
34 
67.1 
91.7 
91.6 
92.2 
92.8 
93.4 
93.5 
93.8 
35 
67.2 
91.9 
91.8 
92.4 
93.0 
93.6 
93.7 
94.0 
36 
67.3 
92.0 
91.9 
92.5 
93.1 
93.7 
93.8 
94.1 
37 
67.4 
92.2 
92.1 
92.7 
93.3 
93.9 
94.0 
94.3 
100 38 
67.5 
92.3 
92.2 
92.8 
93.4 
94.0 
94.1 
94.4 
102 39 
67.6 
92.5 
92.4 
93.0 
93.6 
94.2 
94.3 
94.6 
104 40 
67.7 
92.6 
92.5 
93.1 
93.7 
94.3 
94.4 
94.7 
106 41 
67.8 
92.8 
92.7 
93.3 
93.9 
94.5 
94.6 
94.9 
108 42 
67.9 
92.9 
92.8 
93.4 
94.0 
94.6 
94.7 
95.0 
109 43 
68.0 
93.1 
93.0 
93.6 
94.2 
94.8 
94.9 
95.2 
111 44 
68.1 
93.2 
93.1 
93.7 
94.3 
94.9 
95.0 
95.3 
113 45 
68.2 
93.4 
93.3 
93.9 
94.5 
95.1 
95.2 
95.5 
115 46 
68.4 
93.5 
93.4 
94.0 
94.6 
95.2 
95.3 
95.6 
117 47 
68.5 
93.7 
93.6 
94.2 
94.8 
95.4 
95.5 
95.8 
118 48 
68.6 
93.8 
93.7 
94.3 
94.9 
95.5 
95.6 
95.9 
120 49 
68.7 
94.0 
93.9 
94.5 
95.1 
95.7 
95.8 
96.1 
122 50 
68.8 
94.1 
94.0 
94.6 
95.2 
95.8 
95.9 
96.2 
i -->APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F AND -7BE RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
GMM-1156644 -00-A (MOD) 
Hans? $000656i 700_V4 
MPA Test Table allalCorrected 
Fan Speed) 
Figure 503171-00-00.990.820-F00 (Sheet 6 of 6) 
71-00-00 
Page 532 
D633A101-BBJ 
Oct 15/2015 
tiOCING /*COMET/AY CON091. 
%TA 5.+IS  ratwir losk 
EFTA00812394
--- PAGE 26 ---
L CFMS6 ENGINES (CFMS6.7) 
co sfi
rOSZAW 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1 
TARGET 
MAX EGT - C 
ENGINE MODEL I 
> 
F 
C 
:0.57. 7827/81 7827 
7626
826/B
7826/82 
7B24/81 7824 7822/81 7822 
7620 
-40 -40 
63.1 
485 
503 
507 
543 
545 
566 
595 
-38 -39 
63.2 
489 
507 
511 
547 
549 
570 
599 
-36 -38 
63.4 
493 
511 
515 
551 
553 
574 
603 
-35 -37 
63.5 
496 
514 
518 
554 
556 
577 
606 
-33 -36 
63.6 
500 
518 
522 
558 
560 
581 
610 
-31 -35 
63.7 
503 
521 
525 
561 
563 
584 
613 
-29 -34 
63.9 
506 
524 
528 
564 
566 
587 
616 
-27 -33 
64.0 
509 
527 
531 
567 
569 
590 
619 
-26 -32 
64.1 
511 
529 
533 
569 
571 
592 
621 
-24 -31 
64.3 
514 
532 
536 
572 
574 
595 
624 
-22 -30 
64.4 
517 
535 
539 
575 
577 
598 
627 
-20 -29 
64.5 
519 
537 
541 
577 
579 
600 
629 
-18 -28 
64.7 
522 
540 
544 
580 
582 
603 
632 
-17 -27 
64.8 
525 
543 
547 
583 
585 
606 
635 
-15 -26 
64.9 
528 
546 
550 
586 
588 
609 
638 
-13 -25 
65.0 
530 
548 
552 
588 
590 
611 
640 
-11 -24 
65.2 
533 
551 
'555 
591 
593 
614 
643 
-9 -23 
65.3 
536 
554 
558 
594 
596 
617 
646 
-8 -22 
65.4 
538 
556 
560 
596 
598 
619 
648 
-6 -21 
65.6 
541 
559 
563 
599 
601 
622 
651 
-4 -20 
65.7 
543 
561 
565 
601 
603 
624 
653 
-2 -19 
65.8 
546 
564 
568 
604 
606 
627 
656 
-18 
65.9 
549 
567 
571 
607 
609 
630 
659 
-17 
66.1 
551 
569 
573 
609 
611 
632 
661 
-16 
66.2 
554 
572 
576 
612 
614 
635 
664 
-15 
66.3 
557 
575 
579 
615 
617 
638 
667 
-14 
66.4 
559 
577 
581 
617 
619 
640 
669 
-13 
66.6 
561 
579 
583 
619 
621 
642 
671 
-12 
66.7 
564 
582 
586 
622 
624 
645 
674 
-11 
66.8 
566 
584 
588 
624 
626 
647 
676 
-10 
66.9 
569 
587 
591 
627 
629 
650 
679 
-9 67.1 
571 
589 
593 
629 
631 
652 
681 
-8 67.2 
574 
592 
596 
632 
634 
655 
684 
-7 
67.3 
576 
594 
598 
634 
636 
657 
686 
-6 
67.4 
579 
597 
601 
637 
639 
660 
689 
-5 
67.6 
581 
599 
603 
639 
641 
662 
691 
-4 67.7 
584 
602 
606 
642 
644 
665 
694 
IT- T>APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -78E RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
GMM-1156645 -00-A (MOD) 
085094 SC008581791_94 
PAPA Test Table , 
Corrected Fan Speed) 
Figure 504/71-00-00-990-821-F00 (Sheet 1 of 6) 
0633A101-BBJ 
Karrtg. PROPRIC Mgt. • Ctsg-gS " tTo-tilshed gicek • Ste %. page S SSP 
71-00-00 
Page 533 
Oct 15,2015 
EFTA00812395
--- PAGE 27 ---
CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
APOSZAllia 
737-600/7001800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1
TARGET 
MAX EGT - C 
ENGINE MODEL 0::› 
.F 'C 
±0.52 7827/81 7827 
IIIIIII7026/81 
7826
7824/81 
826/82 
7824 71322/B1 7822 
7820 
-3 
67.8 
586 
604 
608 
644 
646 
667 
696 
-2 
67.9 
588 
606 
610 
646 
648 
669 
698 
-1 
68.1 
591 
609 
613 
649 
651 
672 
701 
0 68.2 
593 
611 
615 
651 
653 
674 
703 
68.3 
595 
613 
617 
653 
655 
676 
705 
2 
68.4 
598 
616 
620 
656 
658 
679 
708 
3 
68.6 
600 
618 
622 
658 
660 
681 
710 
4 
68.7 
602 
620 
624 
660 
662 
683 
712 
68.8 
605 
623 
627 
663 
665 
686 
715 
6 
68.9 
607 
625 
629 
665 
667 
688 
717 
7 
69.0 
609 
627 
631 
667 
669 
690 
719 
8 
69.2 
611 
629 
633 
669 
671 
692 
721 
9 
69.3 
613 
631 
635 
671 
673 
694 
723 
10 
69.4 
616 
634 
638 
674 
676 
697 
726 
11 
69.5 
618 
636 
640 
676 
678 
699 
728 
12 
69.6 
621 
639 
643 
679 
681 
702 
731 
13 
69.8 
623 
641 
645 
681 
683 
704 
733 
14 
69.9 
625 
643 
647 
683 
685 
706 
735 
15 
70.0 
627 
645 
649 
685 
687 
708 
737 
16 
70.1 
630 
648 
652 
688 
690 
711 
740 
17 
70.2 
632 
650 
654 
690 
692 
713 
742 
18 
70.4 
634 
652 
656 
692 
694 
715 
744 
19 
70.5 
637 
655 
659 
695 
697 
718 
747 
20 
70.6 
639 
657 
661 
697 
699 
720 
749 
21 
70.7 
641 
659 
663 
699 
701 
722 
751 
22 
70.8 
644 
662 
666 
702 
704 
725 
754 
23 
70.9 
646 
664 
668 
704 
706 
727 
756 
24 
71.1 
648 
666 
670 
706 
708 
729 
758 
25 
71.2 
651 
669 
673 
709 
711 
732 
761 
26 
71.3 
653 
671 
675 
711 
713 
734 
763 
27 
71.4 
655 
673 
677 
713 
715 
736 
765 
28 
71.5 
657 
675 
679 
715 
717 
738 
767 
29 
71.7 
660 
678 
682 
718 
720 
741 
770 
30 
71.8 
662 
680 
684 
720 
722 
743 
772 
31 
71.9 
664 
682 
686 
722 
724 
745 
774 
32 
72.0 
666 
684 
688 
724 
726 
747 
776 
33 
72.1 
668 
686 
690 
726 
728 
749 
778 
FI-:›APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -7BE RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
GMM-1156645 -00-A (MOD) 
085423 SOX)6531792_V4 
MPA Test Table A/ 
-82  Corrected Fan Speed) 
Figure 504/71-00-00-990 
1-F00 (Sheet 2 of 6) 
D633A101-BBJ 
'octal ntoppitiaqy . cooesu tiopast.teerb - 9w IS tar lm twat 
71-00-00 
Page 534 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812396
--- PAGE 28 ---
L  CFMS6 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gifiracess 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
7.N1 
TARGET 
MAX EGT - / 
ENGINE MODEL [ > 
F 
C 
20.S7.
7827 
7827/81 
7826 
826181 7824/81 7824 7822/B1 7822 
7820 
7826/82 
34 
72.2 
670 
688 
692 
728 
730 
751 
780 
35 
72.3 
673 
691 
695 
731 
733 
754 
783 
36 
72.5 
675 
693 
697 
733 
735 
756 
785 
37 
72.6 
677 
695 
699 
735 
737 
758 
787 
100 38 
72.7 
679 
697 
701 
737 
739 
760 
789 
102 39 
72.8 
681 
699 
703 
739 
741 
762 
791 
104 40 
72.9 
684 
702 
706 
742 
744 
765 
794 
106 41 
73.0 
686 
704 
708 
744 
746 
767 
796 
108 42 
73.1 
688 
706 
710 
746 
748 
769 
798 
109 43 
73.3 
690 
708 
712 
748 
750 
771 
800 
111 44 
73.4 
692 
710 
714 
750 
752 
773 
802 
113 45 
73.5 
695 
713 
717 
753 
755 
776 
805 
115 46 
73.6 
697 
715 
719 
755 
757 
778 
807 
117 47 
73.7 
699 
717 
721 
757 
759 
780 
809 
118 48 
73.8 
701 
719 
723 
759 
761 
782 
811 
120 49 
73.9 
703 
721 
725 
761 
763 
784 
813 
122 50 
74.1 
705 
723 
727 
763 
765 
786 
815 
›APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -78E RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
GMM -1156646-00-A (MOD) 
G86652 S00065817MV4 
MPA Test Table issaver Corrected Fan Speed) 
Figure 504/71-00-00-990-821-F00 (Sheet 3 of 6) 
71-00-00 
Page 535 
D633A101-BBJ 
Oct 15/2015 
DOENG PRCPRIETARY • CoPrttP 
tflooti 041 hOostit • Stt nth PM, lot 'Wok 
EFTA00812397
--- PAGE 29 ---
L  CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gLISPOSAIAW 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
ZN1 
TARGET 
MAX 2N2 
ENGINE MODEL 0::> 
( 
C 
d3.5X 7827/61 7827 
7826
826181
7826/82 
7824/81 7824 7822/81 7822 
7820 
-40 -40 
63.1 
81.3 
81.2 
81.8 
82.4 
83.0 
83.1 
83.4 
-38 -39 
63.2 
81.5 
81.4 
82.0 
82.6 
83.2 
83.3 
83.6 
-36 -38 
63.4 
81.7 
81.6 
82.2 
82.8 
83.4 
83.5 
83.8 
-35 -37 
63.5 
81.8 
81.7 
82.3 
82.9 
83.5 
83.6 
83.9 
-33 -36 
63.6 
82.0 
81.9 
82.5 
83.1 
83.7 
83.8 
84.1 
-31 -35 
63.7 
82.1 
82.0 
82.6 
83.2 
83.8 
83.9 
84.2 
-29 -34 
63.9 
82.3 
82.2 
82.8 
83.4 
84.0 
84.1 
84.4 
-27 -33 
64.0 
82.5 
82.4 
83.0 
83.6 
84.2 
84.3 
84.6 
-26 -32 
64.1 
82.7 
82.6 
83.2 
83.8 
84.4 
84.5 
84.8 
-24 -31 
64.3 
82.8 
82.7 
83.3 
83.9 
84.5 
84.6 
84.9 
-22 -30 
64.4 
83.0 
82.9 
83.5 
84.1 
84.7 
84.8 
85.1 
-20 -29 
64.5 
83.2 
83.1 
83.7 
84.3 
84.9 
85.0 
85.3 
-18 -28 
64.7 
83.3 
83.2 
83.8 
84.4 
85.0 
85.1 
85.4 
-17 -27 
64.8 
83.5 
83.4 
84.0 
84.6 
85.2 
85.3 
85.6 
-15 -26 
64.9 
83.7 
83.6 
84.2 
84.8 
85.4 
85.5 
85.8 
-13 -25 
65.0 
83.8 
83.7 
84.3 
84.9 
85.5 
85.6 
85.9 
-11 -24 
65.2 
84.0 
83.9 
84.5 
85.1 
85.7 
85.8 
86.1 
-9 -23 
65.3 
84.2 
84.1 
84.7 
85.3 
85.9 
86.0 
86.3 
-8 -22 
65.4 
84.3 
84.2 
84.8 
85.4 
86.0 
86.1 
86.4 
-6 -21 
65.6 
84.5 
84.4 
85.0 
85.6 
86.2 
86.3 
86.6 
-4 -20 
65.7 
84.7 
84.6 
85.2 
85.8 
86.4 
86.5 
86.8 
-2 -19 
65.8 
84.8 
8'. 
84.7 
85.3 
85.9 
86.5 
86.6 
86.9 
-18 
65.9 
85.0 
84.9 
85.5 
86.1 
86.7 
86.8 
87.1 
-17 
66.1 
85.2 
85.1 
85.7 
86.3 
86.9 
87.0 
87.3 
-16 
66.2 
85.3 
85.2 
85.8 
86.4 
87.0 
87.1 
87.4 
-15 
66.3 
85.5 
8-
85.4 
86.0 
86.6 
87.2 
87.3 
87.6 
-14 
66.4 
85.7 
8.
85.6 
86.2 
84.8 
87.4 
87.5 
87.8 
-13 
66.6 
85.9 
85.8 
86.4 
87.0 
87.6 
87.7 
88.0 
-12 
66.7 
86.0 
85.9 
86.5 
87.1 
87.7 
87.8 
88.1 
-11 
66.8 
86.2 
86.1 
86.7 
87.3 
87.9 
88.0 
88.3 
-10 
66.9 
86.4 
86.3 
86.9 
87.5 
88.1 
88.2 
88.5 
-9 
67.1 
86.5 
86.4 
87.0 
87.6 
88.2 
88.3 
88.6 
-8 
67.2 
86.7 
8- 
86.6 
87.2 
87.8 
88.4 
88.5 
88.8 
-7 
67.3 
86.9 
86.8 
87.4 
88.0 
88.6 
88.7 
89.0 
-6 
67.4 
87.0 
86.9 
87.5 
88.1 
88.7 
88.8 
89.1 
-5 
67.6 
87.2 
87.1 
87.7 
88.3 
88.9 
89.0 
89.3 
-4 
67.7 
87.4 
87.3 
87.9 
88.5 
89.1 
89.2 
89.5 
1-1-->APPLICA8LE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -78E RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
MPA Test Table (Hillialla 
Corrected Fan Speed) 
Figure 504/71-00-00-990-821-F00 (Sheet 4 of 6) 
0633A101-BBJ 
Boum; ononbETARy • COPr5IM 
Orput•Wel TPA- Re. tl11. pArr kntrinoll 
GMM-1156645-00-A (MOD) 
t14 )5 72 $0006f." • 714y4 
71-00-00 
Page 536 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812398
--- PAGE 30 ---
L  CFM56 ENGINES (CFMS6.7)
gtfinsrArzAw 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1 
TARGET 
MAX XN2 
ENGINE MODEL E:> 
F 
C 
t0.5% 7827/61 7827 
mm 
7826
7826/81 
7826/82 
7824/81 
7824 
7822/81 
7022 
7820 
-3 
67.8 
87.5 
87.4 
88.0 
88.6 
89.2 
89.3 
89.6 
-2 
67.9 
87.7 
87.6 
88.2 
88.8 
89.4 
89.5 
89.8 
-1 
68.1 
87.9 
87.8 
88.4 
89.0 
89.6 
89.7 
90.0 
68.2 
88.0 
87.9 
88.5 
89.1 
89.7 
89.8 
90.1 
68.3 
88.2 
88.1 
88.7 
89.3 
89.9 
90.0 
90.3 
68.4 
88.4 
88.3 
88.9 
89.5 
90.1 
90.2 
90.5 
68.6 
88.5 
88.4 
89.0 
89.6 
90.2 
90.3 
90.6 
4 
68.7 
88.7 
88.6 
89.2 
89.8 
90.4 
90.5 
90.8 
68.8 
88.9 
88.8 
89.4 
90.0 
90.6 
90.7 
91.0 
6 
68.9 
89.1 
89.0 
89.6 
90.2 
90.8 
90.9 
91.2 
69.0 
89.2 
89.1 
89.7 
90.3 
90.9 
91.0 
91.3 
69.2 
89.4 
89.3 
89.9 
90.5 
91.1 
91.2 
91.5 
69.3 
89.6 
89.5 
90.1 
90.7 
91.3 
91.4 
91.7 
10 
69.4 
89.7 
89.6 
90.2 
90.8 
91.4 
91.5 
91.8 
11 
69.5 
89.9 
89.8 
90.4 
91.0 
91.6 
91.7 
92.0 
12 
69.6 
90.1 
90.0 
90.6 
91.2 
91.8 
91.9 
92.2 
13 
69.8 
90.2 
90.1 
90.7 
91.3 
91.9 
92.0 
92.3 
14 
69.9 
90.4 
90.3 
90.9 
91.5 
92.1 
92.2 
92.5 
15 
70.0 
90.5 
90.4 
91.0 
91.6 
92.2 
92.3 
92.6 
16 
70.1 
90.7 
90.6 
91.2 
91.8 
92.4 
92.5 
92.8 
17 
70.2 
90.9 
90.8 
91.4 
92.0 
92.6 
92.7 
93.0 
18 
70.4 
91.0 
90.9 
91.5 
92.1 
92.7 
92.8 
93.1 
19 
70.5 
91.2 
91.1 
91.7 
92.3 
92.9 
93.0 
93.3 
20 
70.6 
91.4 
91.3 
91.9 
92.5 
93.1 
93.2 
93.5 
21 
70.7 
91.5 
91.4 
92.0 
92.6 
93.2 
93.3 
93.6 
22 
70.8 
91.7 
91.6 
92.2 
92.8 
93.4 
93.5 
93.8 
23 
70.9 
91.8 
91.7 
92.3 
92.9 
93.5 
93.6 
93.9 
24 
71.1 
92.0 
91.9 
92.5 
93.1 
93.7 
93.8 
94.1 
25 
71.2 
92.2 
92.1 
92.7 
93.3 
93.9 
94.0 
94.3 
26 
71.3 
92.3 
92.2 
92.8 
93.4 
94.0 
94.1 
94.4 
27 
71.4 
92.5 
92.4 
93.0 
93.6 
94.2 
94.3 
94.6 
28 
71.5 
92.6 
92.5 
93.1 
93.7 
94.3 
94.4 
94.7 
29 
71.7 
92.8 
92.7 
93.3 
93.9 
94.5 
94.6 
94.9 
30 
71.8 
92.9 
92.8 
93.4 
94.0 
94.6 
94.7 
95.0 
31 
71.9 
93.1 
93.0 
93.6 
94.2 
94.8 
94.9 
95.2 
32 
72.0 
93.3 
93.2 
93.8 
94.4 
95.0 
95.1 
95.4 
33 
72.1 
93.4 
93.3 
93.9 
94.5 
95.1 
95.2 
95.5 
APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -7BE RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
GMM-1156648-00—A (MOD) 
H43591 SO)Ceas 795:14 
MPA Test Table corrected 
Fan Speed) 
Figure 504/71-00-00-990-821-F00 (Sheet 5 of 6) 
0633A101-BBJ 
SOCING PROPRIG /ARV Corvign c Unput40.1 Win. Ss. MI. Cwq• 
71-00-00 
Page 537 
Oct 1512015 
EFTA00812399
--- PAGE 31 ---
L. CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gifirarszaw 
737-6001700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1 
TARGET 
MAX XN2 
ENGINE MODEL I---> 
F 
C 
z0.5X 
7827/61 7827 
7826 
7B24/81 
7824 
7822/31 
7822 
7820 
IIIIIIP7626/81 
7826/82 
72.2 
93.6 
93.5 
94.1 
94.7 
95.3 
95.4 
95.7 
72.3 
93.7 
93.6 
94.2 
94.8 
95.4 
95.5 
95.8 
72.5 
93.9 
93.8 
94.4 
95.0 
95.6 
95.7 
96.0 
37 
72.6 
94.0 
93.9 
94.5 
95.1 
95.7 
95.8 
96.1 
100 
72.7 
94.2 
94.1 
94.7 
95.3 
95.9 
96.0 
96.3 
102 39 
72.8 
94.4 
94.3 
94.9 
95.5 
96.1 
96.2 
96.5 
104 
72.9 
94.5 
94.4 
95.0 
95.6 
96.2 
96.3 
96.6 
106 41 
73.0 
94.7 
94.6 
95.2 
95.8 
96.4 
96.5 
96.8 
108 
73.1 
94.8 
94.7 
95.3 
95.9 
96.5 
96.6 
96.9 
109 43 
73.3 
95.0 
94.9 
95.5 
96.1 
96.7 
96.8 
97.1 
111 44 
73.4 
95.1 
95.0 
95.6 
96.2 
96.8 
96.9 
97.2 
113 45 
73.5 
95.3 
95.2 
95.8 
96.4 
97.0 
97.1 
97.4 
115 
73.6 
95.4 
95.3 
95.9 
96.5 
97.1 
97.2 
97.5 
117 
73.7 
95.6 
95.5 
96.1 
96.7 
97.3 
97.4 
97.7 
118 
73.8 
95.8 
95.7 
96.3 
96.9 
97.5 
97.6 
97.9 
120 49 
73.9 
95.9 
95.8 
96.4 
97.0 
97.6 
97.7 
98.0 
122 50 
74.1 
96.1 
96.0 
96.6 
97.2 
97.8 
97.9 
98.2 
F> APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -78E RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
88J ALL 
GMM-1156648-00-A (MOD/ 
MPA Test TableaCorrected 
Fan Speed) 
Figure 504/71-00-00-990-821-F00 (Sheet 6 of 6) 
D633A101-BBJ 
rEINC•OAOPPICTAA,  • Cqm gni - • AV.INKAml Oh* Se. Mk Oar Iry f.n.h 
I -14*AI SC1:06561 718_'/ 
71-00-00 
Page 538 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812400
--- PAGE 32 ---
L. CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56.7) 
gifirosna 
737-600f700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1 
TARGET 
MAX EGT - t 
ENGINE MODEL I 
> 
F 
t 
r0.5X 7827/81 7827 
7826
7824/81 
7826/81 
7626/82 
7626/82 
7824 7822/81 7822 
7820 
-40 -40 
67.6 
516 
534 
538 
574 
576 
597 
626 
-38 -39 
67.8 
519 
537 
541 
577 
579 
600 
629 
-36 -38 
67.9 
522 
540 
544 
580 
582 
603 
632 
-35 -37 
68.0 
525 
543 
547 
583 
585 
606 
635 
-33 -36 
68.2 
527 
545 
549 
585 
587 
608 
637 
-31 -35 
68.3 
530 
548 
552 
588 
590 
611 
640 
-29 -34 
68.5 
533 
551 
555 
591 
593 
614 
643 
-27 -33 
68.6 
536 
554 
558 
594 
596 
617 
646 
-26 -32 
68.7 
538 
556 
560 
596 
598 
619 
648 
-24 -31 
68.9 
541 
559 
563 
599 
601 
622 
651 
-22 -30 
69.0 
544 
562 
566 
602 
604 
625 
654 
-20 -29 
69.2 
547 
565 
569 
605 
607 
628 
657 
-18 -28 
69.3 
549 
567 
571 
607 
609 
630 
659 
-17 -27 
69.4 
552 
570 
574 
610 
612 
633 
662 
-15 -26 
69.6 
555 
573 
577 
613 
615 
636 
665 
-13 -25 
69.7 
558 
576 
580 
616 
618 
639 
668 
-11 -24 
69.8 
560 
578 
582 
618 
620 
641 
670 
-9 -23 
70.0 
563 
581 
585 
621 
623 
644 
673 
-8 -22 
70.1 
565 
583 
587 
623 
625 
646 
675 
-6 -21 
70.3 
568 
586 
590 
626 
628 
649 
678 
-4 -20 
70.4 
570 
588 
592 
628 
630 
651 
680 
-2 -19 
70.5 
573 
591 
595 
631 
633 
654 
683 
-18 
70.7 
575 
593 
597 
633 
635 
656 
685 
-17 
70.8 
578 
596 
600 
636 
638 
659 
688 
-16 
70.9 
580 
598 
602 
638 
640 
661 
690 
-15 
71.1 
583 
601 
605 
641 
643 
664 
693 
-14 
71.2 
585 
603 
607 
643 
645 
666 
695 
-13 
71.3 
588 
606 
610 
646 
648 
669 
698 
-12 
71.5 
590 
608 
612 
648 
650 
671 
700 
-11 
71.6 
593 
611 
615 
651 
653 
674 
703 
-10 
71.7 
595 
613 
617 
653 
655 
676 
705 
-9 
71.9 
598 
616 
620 
656 
658 
679 
708 
-8 
72.0 
600 
618 
622 
658 
660 
681 
710 
-7 
72.1 
603 
621 
625 
661 
663 
684 
713 
-6 
72.3 
605 
623 
627 
663 
665 
686 
715 
-5 
72.4 
608 
626 
630 
666 
668 
689 
718 
-4 
72.5 
610 
628 
632 
668 
670 
691 
720 
5-T>APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -7BE RATINGS 
FEtB
.EFFECTIVITY 
J ALL 
GMM-1156649-00-A (MOD) 
G85150 $000958179) V4 
MPA Test Table 
Corrected Fan Speed) 
Figure 505/71-00.00-990$22-F00 (Sheet 1 of 6) 
D633A101-BEIJ 
BOEIN3 PROPRIETWV • Copotert %, 
.d real, . Suitt' ova b. MUM 
71-00-00 
Page 539 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812401
--- PAGE 33 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56.7) 
OLAVOSZAW 
737-60017001800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1
TARGET 
MAX EGT - C 
ENGINE MODEL F-7> 
'F 
t 
10.5X 7827/81 7827 
7826
826/81
7826/82 
7824/81 7824 7822/81 7822 
7820 
-3 
72.7 
613 
631 
635 
671 
673 
694 
723 
-2 
72.8 
615 
633 
637 
673 
675 
696 
725 
-1 
72.9 
617 
635 
639 
675 
677 
698 
727 
0 
73.1 
620 
638 
642 
678 
680 
701 
730 
1 
73.2 
622 
640 
644 
680 
682 
703 
732 
2 
73.3 
625 
643 
647 
683 
685 
706 
735 
3 
73.5 
628 
646 
650 
686 
688 
709 
738 
4 
73.6 
630 
648 
652 
688 
690 
711 
740 
73.7 
633 
651 
655 
691 
693 
714 
743 
6 
73.8 
635 
653 
657 
693 
695 
716 
745 
7 
74.0 
638 
656 
660 
696 
698 
719 
748 
8 
74.1 
640 
658 
662 
698 
700 
721 
750 
9 
74.2 
643 
661 
665 
701 
703 
724 
753 
10 
74.4 
645 
663 
667 
703 
705 
726 
755 
11 
74.5 
648 
666 
670 
706 
708 
729 
758 
12 
74.6 
650 
668 
672 
708 
710 
731 
760 
13 
74.7 
653 
671 
675 
711 
713 
734 
763 
14 
74.9 
655 
673 
677 
713 
715 
736 
765 
15 
75.0 
658 
676 
680 
716 
718 
739 
768 
16 
75.1 
660 
678 
682 
718 
720 
741 
770 
17 
75.3 
662 
680 
684 
720 
722 
743 
772 
18 
75.4 
665 
683 
687 
723 
725 
746 
775 
19 
75.5 
667 
685 
689 
725 
727 
748 
777 
20 
75.6 
670 
688 
692 
728 
730 
751 
780 
21 
75.8 
672 
690 
694 
730 
732 
753 
782 
22 
75.9 
675 
693 
697 
733 
735 
756 
785 
23 
76.0 
677 
695 
699 
735 
737 
758 
787 
24 
76.1 
680 
698 
702 
738 
740 
761 
790 
25 
76.3 
682 
700 
704 
740 
742 
763 
792 
26 
76.4 
685 
703 
707 
743 
745 
766 
795 
27 
76.5 
687 
705 
709 
745 
747 
768 
797 
28 
76.6 
689 
707 
711 
747 
749 
770 
799 
29 
76.8 
692 
710 
714 
750 
752 
773 
802 
30 
76.9 
694 
712 
716 
752 
754 
775 
804 
31 
77.0 
696 
714 
718 
754 
756 
777 
806 
32 
77.1 
699 
717 
721 
757 
759 
780 
809 
T-7>APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -78E RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
SEW ALL 
GMM-1156649-00-A (MOD) 
GMM-1156650-00-A (MOD) 
G85186 SC006511, 70/3_14 
MPA Test Table 
orrected Fan Speed) 
Figure 505/7 - 
-F00 (Sheet 2 of 6) 
D633A101-BBJ 
DOCING PROPME TART. CarJM1 r thrbire. Wait • See Mn Per I., War. 
71-00-00 
Page 540 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812402
--- PAGE 34 ---
L  CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gLAMSZACC 
737-60017001800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1 
TARGET 
MAX EGT — 'C 
ENGINE MODEL ' l) 
F 
'C 
e0.57. 7827/61 7827 
7826 
626161 7824/61 7824 7822/81 7822 
7820 
7826/82 
33 
77.3 
701 
719 
723 
759 
761 
782 
811 
34 
77.4 
703 
721 
725 
761 
763 
784 
813 
35 
77.5 
706 
724 
728 
764 
766 
787 
816 
36 
77.6 
708 
726 
730 
766 
768 
789 
818 
37 
77.8 
710 
728 
732 
768 
770 
791 
820 
100 38 
77.9 
712 
730 
734 
770 
772 
793 
822 
102 39 
78.0 
715 
733 
737 
773 
775 
796 
825 
104 40 
78.1 
717 
735 
739 
775 
777 
798 
827 
106 41 
78.2 
720 
738 
742 
778 
780 
801 
830 
108 42 
78.4 
722 
740 
744 
780 
782 
803 
832 
109 43 
78.5 
724 
742 
746 
782 
784 
805 
834 
111 44 
78.6 
726 
744 
748 
784 
786 
807 
836 
113 45 
78.7 
729 
747 
751 
787 
789 
810 
839 
115 46 
78.8 
731 
749 
753 
789 
791 
812 
841 
117 47 
79.0 
733 
751 
755 
791 
793 
814 
843 
118 48 
79.1 
735 
753 
757 
793 
795 
816 
845 
120 49 
79.2 
737 
755 
759 
795 
797 
818 
847 
122 50 
79.3 
739 
757 
761 
797 
799 
820 
849 
il-->APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -7BE RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
BBJ ALL 
GMM-1156650-006-A (MOD) 
086703 8000653 799_V4 
MPA Test Table (Corrected 
Fan Speed) 
Figure 505/71-00-00.990-822-F00 (Sheet 3 of 6) 
71-00-00 
Page 541 
0633A101-BBJ 
Oct 1512015 
ICE1KPROPIKTARY•• CorrI9N fU.,cos..,  win • See U%pi. to Snalb 
EFTA00812403
--- PAGE 35 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gifiroszisec 
737-600/7001800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1 
TARGET 
MAX XN2 
ENGINE MODEL 0::> 
F 
C 
10.5X 7827/B1 7827 
IIIIIIIII826/B1 
7826 
826/82 
7824/81 7824 7822/81 7822 
7820 
-40 -40 
67.6 
82.7 
82.6 
83.2 
83.8 
84.4 
84.5 
84.8 
-38 -39 
67.8 
82.9 
82.8 
83.4 
84.0 
84.6 
84.7 
85.0 
-36 -38 
67.9 
83.1 
83.0 
83.6 
84.2 
84.8 
84.9 
85.2 
-35 -37 
68.0 
83.2 
83.1 
83.7 
84.3 
84.9 
85.0 
85.3 
-33 -36 
68.2 
83.4 
83.3 
83.9 
84.5 
85.1 
85.2 
85.5 
-31 -35 
68.3 
83.6 
83.5 
84.1 
84.7 
85.3 
85.4 
85.7 
-29 -34 
68.5 
83.7 
83.6 
84.2 
84.8 
85.4 
85.5 
85.8 
-27 -33 
68.6 
83.9 
83.8 
84.4 
85.0 
85.6 
85.7 
86.0 
-26 -32 
68.7 
84.1 
84.0 
84.6 
85.2 
85.8 
85.9 
86.2 
-24 -31 
68.9 
84.3 
84.2 
84.8 
85.4 
86.0 
86.1 
86.4 
-22 -30 
69.0 
84.4 
84.3 
84.9 
85.5 
86.1 
86.2 
86.5 
-20 -29 
69.2 
84.6 
84.5 
85.1 
85.7 
86.3 
86.4 
86.7 
-18 -28 
69.3 
84.8 
84.7 
85.3 
85.9 
86.5 
86.6 
86.9 
-17 -27 
69.4 
85.0 
84.9 
85.5 
86.1 
86.7 
86.8 
87.1 
-15 -26 
69.6 
85.1 
85.0 
85.6 
86.2 
86.8 
86.9 
87.2 
-13 -25 
69.7 
85.3 
85.2 
85.8 
86.4 
87.0 
87.1 
87.4 
-11 -24 
69.8 
85.5 
85.4 
86.0 
86.6 
87.2 
87.3 
87.6 
-9 -23 
70.0 
85.7 
85.6 
86.2 
86.8 
87.4 
87.5 
87.8 
-8 -22 
70.1 
85.8 
85.7 
86.3 
86.9 
87.5 
87.6 
87.9 
-6 -21 
70.3 
86.0 
85.9 
86.5 
87.1 
87.7 
87.8 
88.1 
-4 -20 
70.4 
86.2 
86.1 
86.7 
87.3 
87.9 
88.0 
88.3 
-2 -19 
70.5 
86.3 
86.2 
86.8 
87.4 
88.0 
88.1 
88.4 
-18 
70.7 
86.5 
86.4 
87.0 
87.6 
88.2 
88.3 
88.6 
-17 
70.8 
83.7 
86.6 
87.2 
87.8 
88.4 
88.5 
88.8 
-16 
70.9 
86.9 
86.8 
87.4 
88.0 
88.6 
88.7 
89.0 
-15 
71.1 
87.0 
86.9 
87.5 
88.1 
88.7 
88.8 
89.1 
-14 
71.2 
87.2 
87.1 
87.7 
88.3 
88.9 
89.0 
89.3 
-13 
71.3 
87.4 
87.3 
87.9 
88.5 
89.1 
89.2 
89.5 
-12 
71.5 
87.5 
87.4 
88.0 
88.6 
89.2 
89.3 
89.6 
-11 
71.6 
87.7 
87.6 
88.2 
88.8 
89.4 
89.5 
89.8 
-10 
71.7 
87.9 
87.8 
88.4 
89.0 
89.6 
89.7 
90.0 
-9 
71.9 
88.1 
88.0 
88.6 
89.2 
89.8 
89.9 
90.2 
-8 
72.0 
88.2 
88.1 
88.7 
89.3 
89.9 
90.0 
90.3 
-7 
72.1 
88.4 
88.3 
88.9 
89.5 
90.1 
90.2 
90.5 
-6 
72.3 
88.6 
88.5 
89.1 
89.7 
90.3 
90.4 
90.7 
-5 
72.4 
88.7 
88.6 
89.2 
89.8 
90.4 
90.5 
90.8 
-4 
72.5 
88.9 
88.8 
89.4 
90.0 
90.6 
90.7 
91.0 
:APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -7BE RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
138J ALL 
MPA Test Table Corrected 
Fan Speed) 
Figure 505171-00-00-990.822-F00 (Sheet 4 of 6) 
GMM-1156651 -00—A (MOD) 
H43125 S000666 1600_V4 
71-00-00 
Page 542 
D633A101-B8.1 
Oct 15/2015 
KENO PROCIKTARY • Coorxili r unputathoo /irk. S.. 'Moog, for +Oak 
EFTA00812404
--- PAGE 36 ---
L CFM56 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gifirsen.a. 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
XN1 
TARGET 
MAX XN2 
ENGINE MODEL (--)-
F 
C 
s0.5X 
7827/81 7827 
7826 
LV Iyi
7826/82 
7624/61 
7624 
7622/81 
7822 
7820 
-3 
72.7 
89.1 
89.0 
89.6 
90.2 
90.8 
90.9 
91.2 
-2 
72.8 
89.3 
89.2 
89.8 
90.4 
91.0 
91.1 
91.4 
-1 
72.9 
89.4 
89.3 
89.9 
90.5 
91.1 
91.2 
91.5 
73.1 
89.6 
89.5 
90.1 
90.7 
91.3 
91.4 
91.7 
73.2 
89.8 
89.7 
90.3 
90.9 
91.5 
91.6 
91.9 
73.3 
89.9 
89.9 
90.4 
91.0 
91.6 
91.7 
92.0 
73.5 
90.1 
90.0 
90.6 
91.2 
91.8 
91.9 
92.2 
73.6 
90.3 
90.2 
90.8 
91.4 
92.0 
92.1 
92.4 
73.7 
90.4 
90.3 
90.9 
91.5 
92.1 
92.2 
92.5 
73.8 
90.6 
90.5 
91.1 
91.7 
92.3 
92.4 
92.7 
74.0 
90.8 
90.7 
91.3 
91.9 
92.5 
92.6 
92.9 
74.1 
90.9 
90.8 
91.4 
92.0 
92.6 
92.7 
93.0 
74.2 
91.1 
91.0 
91.6 
92.2 
92.8 
92.9 
93.2 
10 
74.4 
91.3 
91.2 
91.8 
92.4 
93.0 
93.1 
93.4 
11 
74.5 
91.4 
91.3 
91.9 
92.5 
93.1 
93.2 
93.5 
12 
74.6 
91.6 
91.5 
92.1 
92.7 
93.3 
93.4 
93.7 
13 
74.7 
91.8 
91.7 
92.3 
92.9 
93.5 
93.6 
93.9 
14 
74.9 
91.9 
91.8 
92.4 
93.0 
93.6 
93.7 
94.0 
15 
75.0 
92.1 
92.0 
92.6 
93.2 
93.8 
93.9 
94.2 
16 
75.1 
92.3 
92.2 
92.8 
93.4 
94.0 
94.1 
94.4 
17 
75.3 
92.4 
92.3 
92.9 
93.5 
94.1 
94.2 
94.5 
18 
75.4 
92.6 
92.5 
93.1 
93.7 
94.3 
94.4 
94.7 
19 
75.5 
92.8 
92.7 
93.3 
93.9 
94.5 
94.6 
94.9 
20 
75.6 
92.9 
92.8 
93.4 
94.0 
94.6 
94.7 
95.0 
21 
75.8 
93.1 
93.0 
93.6 
94.2 
94.8 
94.9 
95.2 
75.9 
93.2 
93.1 
93.7 
94.3 
94.9 
95.0 
95.3 
76.0 
93.4 
93.3 
93.9 
94.5 
95.1 
95.2 
95.5 
24 
76.1 
93.6 
93.5 
94.1 
94.7 
95.3 
95.4 
95.7 
76.3 
93.7 
93.6 
94.2 
94.8 
95.4 
95.5 
95.8 
76.4 
93.9 
93.8 
94.4 
95.0 
95.6 
95.7 
96.0 
27 
76.5 
94.1 
94.0 
94.6 
95.2 
95.8 
95.9 
96.2 
28 
76.6 
94.2 
94.1 
94.7 
95.3 
95.9 
96.0 
96.3 
29 
76.8 
94.4 
94.3 
94.9 
95.5 
96.1 
96.2 
96.5 
30 
76.9 
94.5 
94.4 
95.0 
95.6 
96.2 
96.3 
96.6 
31 
77.0 
94.7 
94.6 
95.2 
95.8 
96.4 
96.5 
96.8 
32 
77.1 
94.9 
94.8 
95.4 
96.0 
96.6 
96.7 
97.0 
>APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -7BE RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
rALL 
GMM-1156651-00-A (MOD) 
GMM-1156652-00-A (MOD) 
f4924$ St0O658IS0LV5 
MPA Test Table guippiporrected Fan Speed) 
re
Figu 
505/7 
a. 
-F00 (Sheet 5 of 6) 
71-00-00 
Page 543 
D633A101-BBJ 
Oct 15/2015 
BOENG PROPRIETOR,  • Ccvo 
Umob404•110"," , 5" UI. p.
 I.  3.1.11 
EFTA00812405
--- PAGE 37 ---
CFMS6 ENGINES (CFM56-7) 
gifireEZAVS 
737-600/700/800/900 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
OAT 
%NI 
TARGET 
MAX XN2 
ENGINE MODEL L.> 
F 
( 
20.5X 7827/81 a 
7827 
7826 
26/81 7824/81 7824 7822/B1 7822 
7820 
7826/82 
33 
77.3 
95.0 
94.9 
95.5 
96.1 
96.7 
96.8 
97.1 
34 
77.4 
95.2 
95.1 
95.7 
96.3 
96.9 
97.0 
97.3 
35 
77.5 
95.3 
95.2 
95.8 
96.4 
97.0 
97.1 
97.4 
36 
77.6 
95.5 
95.4 
96.0 
96.6 
97.2 
97.3 
97.6 
37 
77.8 
95.7 
95.6 
96.2 
96.8 
97.4 
97.5 
97.8 
100 38 
77.9 
95.8 
95.7 
96.3 
96.9 
97.5 
97.6 
97.9 
102 39 
78.0 
96.0 
95.9 
96.5 
97.1 
97.7 
97.8 
98.1 
104 40 
78.1 
96.1 
96.0 
96.6 
97.2 
97.8 
97.9 
98.2 
106 41 
78.2 
96.3 
96.2 
96.8 
97.4 
98.0 
98.1 
98.4 
108 42 
78.4 
96.4 
96.3 
96.9 
97.5 
98.1 
98.2 
98.5 
109 43 
78.5 
96.6 
96.5 
97.1 
97.7 
98.3 
98.4 
98.7 
111 44 
78.6 
96.7 
96.6 
97.2 
97.8 
98.4 
98.5 
98.8 
113 45 
78.7 
96.9 
96.8 
97.4 
98.0 
98.6 
98.7 
99.0 
115 46 
78.8 
97.1 
97.0 
97.6 
98.2 
98.8 
98.9 
99.2 
117 47 
79.0 
97.2 
97.1 
97.7 
98.3 
98.9 
99.0 
99.3 
118 48 
79.1 
97.4 
97.3 
97.9 
98.5 
99.1 
99.2 
99.5 
120 49 
79.2 
97.6 
97.5 
98.1 
98.7 
99.3 
99.4 
99.7 
122 50 
79.3 
97.7 
97.6 
98.2 
98.8 
99.4 
99.5 
99.8 
[1::>APPLICABLE TO ALL /3, /3F, AND -78E RATINGS 
EFFECTIVITY 
88.1 ALL 
GMM-1156652-00-A (MOD) 
I149264 $000435618022/4 
MPA Test Table IMMISCorrected Fan Speed) 
Figure 505/71-00-00-990.822-F00 (Sheet 6 of 6) 
0633A101-BBJ 
tkoeiRO PROPRIETARY . cowl! ntfrowned 1.1. 
• St•9111 woe IR Wall 
71-00-00 
Page 544 
Oct 15/2015 
EFTA00812406

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812407.pdf
----------------------------------------
Conciliation Proposal: 
1. I would prefer to retire at the end of May, 2019, when I turn 65. However, 
depending on the other details of the agreement, I would consider retiring effective Dec 31, 
2018. 
2. The University ends my administrative leave effective immediately and reinstates 
my normal status with the understanding that I will be primarily working from Portland, 
with periodic travel to Phoenix for research meetings and arrange my office there. 
3. There is a consideration of emeritus status, and the possibility of retaining my office 
and my assistant for some number of years following retirement. I would suggest 3 years. 
4. I was planning to retire at age 75, and my divorce agreement indicates that I will pay 
my ex-wife alimony equal to approximately half of my ASU salary until that time. Thus, 
retirement in December 2018 is 10.5 years early. As a compromise I would ask for a 
retirement monetary package equal to 6 years of my 2017-2018 12 month salary of 
$335K/yr, plus the lost income I experienced as a result of the University putting me on 
administrative leave and sending out a press release to this effect in March. That amount 
has been calculated to be $265K and includes lawyers fees required because of lack of 
cooperation from OEI during their investigation. This total is $2.275 million dollars. 
5. A University statement with the following content, although the exact wording is 
negotiable: 
"None of Prof. Krauss' students, faculty colleagues, or postdoctoral researchers during 
his time at ASU has issued any complaints against Prof. Krauss, nor were there complaints 
raised by any of the many participants in his Origins Project events over the past 
decade. The University recognizes and appreciates the significant contributions to 
teaching, research, and public outreach at ASU that Prof. Krauss has made over the past 
decade. University investigation uncovered no substantiated violations of University policy 
warranting further sanctions against him involving ASU faculty staff or students. A 
separate University investigation did conclude that there was a likely violation of 
University Policy during the taking of a 'selfie' photograph at a private event at a Skeptics 
meeting in Australia in 2016. The anonymous individual in the photograph did not file a 
complaint but a complaint was filed by a bystander. While Professor Krauss continues to 
dispute the claim, the University has not reopened their investigation at this time. Because 
the University has chosen to terminate the Origins Project, which, along with establishing 
the now-flourishing Cosmology research program in the Physics Department and the 
School of Earth and Space Exploration, were the key leadership initiatives that attracted 
him to ASU, he has decided to retire from ASU effective )ocx, and will continue to carry out 
his research, writing, and outreach activities elsewhere after that. He will remain as a 
regular tenured faculty until his retirement. ASU acknowledges the difficulties the 
University's procedures over the past year have caused for his professional and private life, 
and Prof. Krauss understands the University's need to seriously address all allegations they 
receive. " 
EFTA00812407

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812408.pdf
----------------------------------------
Oct 9, 2018 
To: Patrick Kenney 
From: Lawrence Krauss 
RE: Conciliation Agreement 
I received only today from the President a copy of the conciliation committee recommendation, 
along with his instructions to come to try to come an agreement with you on the basis of that 
document by close of business tomorrow. This timeframe seems very short, given that my 
understanding from the committee report is that you are not empowered to set the conditions 
on the relevant terms they have indicated have, in principle, been agreed upon. 
I have agreed to a possible conciliation because I believe it is in the interests of all parties that 
we negotiate a settlement. As I have made clear, I believe there is no justification for dismissal of 
a tenured faculty member on the basis of the largely spurious and false claims that I addressed in 
my appeal document. Once again, none of my students, faculty colleagues, postdoctoral 
researchers, or a single participant in my many Origins Projects events has launched a complaint 
against me here. I recognize that going through the appeals process and the legal process 
following it will drag on for some time, be costly for everyone—financially and otherwise. I also 
recognize that independent of the facts, at this point the University would prefer me to leave, 
and I now find little left to induce me to remain at ASU. Thus, I am willing to retire early. 
1. The earliest I would prefer to retire at the end of May, 2019, when I turn 65. 
However, if the other details are agreeable, I would consider retiring effective Dec 31, 2018. 
2. The University ends my administrative leave effective immediately and reinstates 
my normal status with the understanding that I will be primarily working from Portland, 
with periodic travel to Phoenix for research meetings and arrange my office there. 
3. There is a consideration of emeritus status, and the possibility of retaining my office 
and my assistant for some number of years following retirement. I would suggest 2 years. 
4. I was planning not to retire until the age of 72 at least, as my divorce agreement 
indicates that I will pay my ex-wife alimony equal to approximately half of my ASU salary 
until that time. I am required to pay this amount to my ex-wife until I am 65 regardless of 
my job status. Thus, retirement in December 2018 would require me to lose is 7.5 years 
income, and independent of that to pay approximately $60K to my ex wife until the end of 
May 2019. As a reasonable compromise I would ask for a retirement monetary package 
equal to 3 years of my 2017-2018 12 month salary of $335K/yr, plus the lost income I 
experienced as a result of the University putting me on administrative leave and sending 
out a press release to this effect in March. That amount has been calculated to be $265K 
and includes lawyers fees required because of lack of cooperation from OEI during their 
investigation. This total is $1.27 million dollars. 
EFTA00812408
--- PAGE 2 ---
5. A University statement with the following content, although the exact wording is 
negotiable: 
"None of Prof. Krauss' students, faculty colleagues, or postdoctoral researchers during 
his time at ASU has issued any complaints against Prof. Krauss, nor were there complaints 
raised by any of the many participants in his Origins Project events over the past 
decade. The University recognizes and appreciates the significant contributions to 
teaching, research, and public outreach at ASU that Prof. Krauss has made over the past 
decade. University investigation uncovered no substantiated violations of University policy 
warranting further sanctions against him involving ASU faculty staff or students. A 
separate University investigation did conclude that there was a likely violation of 
University Policy during the taking of a 'selfie' photograph at a private event at a Skeptics 
meeting in Australia in 2016. The anonymous individual in the photograph did not file a 
complaint but a complaint was filed by a bystander. While Professor Krauss continues to 
dispute the claim, the University has not reopened their investigation at this time. Because 
the University has chosen to terminate the Origins Project, which, along with establishing 
the now-flourishing Cosmology research program in the Physics Department and the 
School of Earth and Space Exploration, were the key leadership initiatives that attracted 
him to ASU, he has decided to retire from ASU effective xxx, and will continue to carry out 
his research, writing, and outreach activities elsewhere after that. He will remain as a 
regular tenured faculty until his retirement. ASU acknowledges the difficulties the 
University's procedures over the past year have caused for his professional and private life, 
and Prof. Krauss understands the University's need to seriously address all allegations they 
receive. " 
rest of community not safe.. due process and due diligence not protect.. real 
procedures.. truth seriously.. equal rights.. not pushed around by media fueled frenzy. 
Protect rights of employees... Take seriously.. truth as well as accusations.. protect our own 
faculty.. moral high ground 
never met an accusation she didn't like.. 
protect against both sides. 
Lots of similarities with Kavanaugh.. angry mob. Agenda.. innocent till proven guilty.. 
rule of law. Protecting individuals against attacks with agenda. 
EFTA00812409
--- PAGE 3 ---
Investigation .. didn't ask to interview males.. discrimination at play 
Safe place for everyone.. accused as well as accusers.. 
Will become clear.. not a safe place for anyone. Students.. prospective faculty... And 
they should... 
Look at the democrats.. What can they do now to stem it? 
EFTA00812410

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812411.pdf
----------------------------------------
Oct 9, 2018 
To: Patrick Kenney 
From: Lawrence Krauss 
RE: Conciliation Agreement 
I just received from the President a copy of the conciliation committee report along with his 
instructions, based on their recommendation, "to directly discuss with each other whether there 
are terms that can be agreed to", by close of business tomorrow. 
I believe it is in the interests of all parties that we negotiate a settlement. I believe there is no 
legal justification for dismissal of a tenured faculty member on the basis of the largely spurious 
and false claims that I addressed in my appeal document. As you are aware, none of my 
students, faculty colleagues, postdoctoral researchers at ASU, or a single participant in my many 
Origins Projects events has launched a complaint against me. I recognize that going through the 
appeals process and the legal process following it will drag on for some time, be costly for 
everyone—financially and otherwise, especially considering that, under ABOR 6-201, I will 
continue to be paid at least until the conclusion of hearing procedures, up to and including an 
appeal to Superior Court if necessary. I also recognize that independent of the facts, at this point 
the University would prefer me to leave, and I now find little left to induce me to remain at ASU. 
Thus I propose: 
1. I retire when I turn 65 at the end of May, 2019. However, if we can come to 
agreement on the other terms, I would retire effective Dec 31, 2018. I would receive all 
standard faculty retirement benefits after that time. 
2. The University ends my administrative leave effective immediately and reinstates 
my normal status with the understanding that I will be primarily working from Portland, 
with periodic travel to Phoenix for research meetings and arrange details of my office 
there. 
3. There is a consideration of emeritus status, and the possibility of retaining my office 
and my executive assistant (who you are aware has stated that not only has she not been 
harassed but has witnessed no harassment by me of anyone during the 9 years she has 
worked for me) for 2 years following retirement 
4. I was planning not to retire until the age of 72 at least, as my divorce agreement 
indicates that I will pay my ex-wife alimony equal to approximately half of my ASU salary 
until that time. As it now stands I am required to pay this amount to my ex-wife until I am 
regardless of my job status at ASU. Thus, retirement in December 2018 implies I will 
lose 7.5 years income, at the very least will be required to pay approximately $12K/mo to 
my ex wife through May 2019. As a reasonable compromise I would ask for a retirement 
monetary package equal to 3 years of my 2017-2018 12 month salary of $335K/yr, plus 
$12K/yr for family health coverage costs, plus $15K/yr in lost retirement benefits, plus the 
lost income I experienced as a result of the University putting me on administrative leave 
EFTA00812411
--- PAGE 2 ---
and sending out a press release to this effect in March. That amount is approximately 
$265K and includes lawyers fees required because of lack of cooperation from OEI during 
their investigation. This total is $1.35 million dollars. 
5. I raised over $2.5 million dollars to support my work with the Origins Project, and 
have brought in over $1.5 Million dollars in external research funding. I would like the 
remaining ASU Foundation Funds that were raised to support the Origins project, and the 
RID funds allocated to support my research arising from Federal grants to ASU during the 
period of my employment at ASU, to be transferred to another non-profit organization to 
be used to support my research and outreach activities. 
6. A University statement with the following content, although the exact wording is 
negotiable: 
"The University recognizes and appreciates the significant contributions to teaching, 
research, and public outreach at ASU that Prof. Krauss has made over the past decade. 
Following the termination of the Origins Project that Professor Krauss led at ASU for the 
past decade, Professor Krauss has chosen to retire from ASU effective 300C and will continue 
to carry out his research, writing, and outreach activities elsewhere after that time. We 
thank him for his service. We note that while allegations have been made in the press and 
to the University regarding Professor Krauss, none of Prof. Krauss' students, faculty 
colleagues, or postdoctoral researchers during his time at ASU have issued any complaints 
against Prof. Krauss, nor were there complaints raised by any of the many participants in 
his Origins Project events over the past decade. Moreover, a University investigation 
uncovered no substantiated violations of University policy involving ASU faculty staff or 
students justifying dismissal. Prof. Krauss will remain at the University as a regular tenured 
faculty until his retirement at the end of this year. ASU acknowledges the difficulties the 
University's procedures over the past year have caused for his professional and private life, 
and Prof. Krauss understands the University's need to seriously address all allegations they 
receive. " 
I look forward to hearing back from you regarding these proposals or modifications to 
them, to see if we can come to final agreement on the framework of a conciliation. 
EFTA00812412

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812413.pdf
----------------------------------------
Oct 9, 2018 
To: Patrick Kenney 
From: Lawrence Krauss 
RE: Conciliation Agreement 
I just received from the President a copy of the conciliation committee report along with his 
instructions, based on their recommendation, to directly discuss with you "whether there are 
terms that can be agreed to" by close of business tomorrow. 
I believe it is in the interests of all parties that we negotiate a settlement. I believe there is no 
legal justification for dismissal of a tenured faculty member on the basis of the largely spurious 
and false claims that I addressed in my appeal document. As you are aware, none of my 
students, faculty colleagues, postdoctoral researchers at ASU, or a single participant in my many 
Origins Projects events has launched a complaint against me. I recognize that going through the 
appeals process and the legal process following it will drag on for some time, be costly for 
everyone—financially and otherwise, especially considering that, under ABOR 6-201 sections J 
and L, I am told that I will continue to be paid at least until the conclusion of hearing procedures, 
up to and including an appeal to Superior Court if necessary. I also recognize that independent 
of the facts, at this point the University would prefer me to leave, and I now find little left to 
induce me to remain at ASU. Thus I propose: 
1. I retire when I turn 65 at the end of May, 2019. However, if we can come to a good 
faith negotiated agreement on terms 2-6, I will retire, with standard benefits, effective Dec 
31, 2018, as you had suggsted. 
2. The University ends my administrative leave and reinstates my normal status with 
the understanding until my retirement date with the understanding that I will be primarily 
working from Portland. 
3. I be granted emeritus status after retirement, and retain my office and part-time use 
of my executive assistant for 1 year following retirement to allow me to more effectively 
conclude my activities at ASU . 
4. I was planning not to retire until the age of 72 at least, based on financial obligations 
up until that time put into my divorce agreement with my ex-wife Thus, retirement in 
December 2018 implies I will lose 7.5 years income. As a reasonable compromise I would 
ask for a retirement monetary package equal to 3 years of my 2017-2018 12 month salary 
of, plus benefits, of approximately, $360K/yr. 
5. I raised over $2.5 million dollars to support my work with the Origins Project, and 
have brought in over $1.5 Million dollars in external research funding. I would like the 
remaining ASU Foundation Funds that were raised to support the Origins project, and the 
Research Incentive Distribution funds allocated to support my research arising from 
Federal grants to ASU during the last 10 years of my employment at ASU, to be transferred 
EFTA00812413
--- PAGE 2 ---
to another non-profit organization to be used to support my research and outreach 
activities. 
6. A mutually agreed-to public statement by the University to announce my 
retirement. I propose: 
"Professor Krauss, has chosen to retire from ASU effective 300C and will continue to carry 
out his research, writing, and outreach activities elsewhere after that. Until this date he 
will remain as a tenured faculty member at ASU. The university thanks him for his 
significant service to the University, and to the wider scientific community and the public 
over the past decade. We note that while allegations have been made in the press and to 
the University regarding Professor Krauss, none of Prof. Krauss' students, faculty 
colleagues, or postdoctoral researchers during his time at ASU, nor any participants in his 
Origins Project events over the past decade have issued any complaints to the University 
about him. A University investigation uncovered no substantiated violations of University 
policy involving ASU faculty or students justifying dismissal." 
I am sending these to you as the basis for our negotiations in anticipation of our 
discussion tomorrow morning. I look forward to the possibility of a mutually agreed upon 
conciliation package, so that we can lay out the terms of final agreement on the schedule 
suggested by the President 
EFTA00812414

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812415.pdf
----------------------------------------
Yesterday I submitted my request to retire from my position as Professor at ASU, at the end of this academic 
year on May 16, 2019, which the University has agreed to accept, following its agreement on Friday to close 
its review process against me for violations of University Policy with no admission of wrongdoing. Note first 
that before and through to the end of the recent University review process, none of my students, departmental 
staff in either of my two departments, the School of Earth and Space Exploration, or Physics, my faculty 
colleagues, research colleagues and postdoctoral fellows, or participants in the Origins events I led over the 
past decade at ASU, has issued any allegations or complaints to the University regarding my behavior. The 
program that brought me to ASU—The Origins Project—had recently been terminated, reducing the 
attractiveness of staying at the University for me, and the choice to retire was made easier for me by 
regulations dictated by the Arizona Board of Regents, which did not required any rigorous due process at the 
University to deal with any allegations against me unless I first agreed to be dismissed. 
The sequence of events over the past 2 months has been as follows: The Dean of the College of Arts 
and Sciences recommended my dismissal on July 31 following a determination by the Office of Equity and 
Inclusion regarding claims made against me. I appealed the Dean's decision to the President and provided 
comprehensive appeal document in which I presented new evidence and information that I argued factually 
undermined the credibility of the claims and, in some cases the claimants. Subsequent to that submission, and 
without any hearing that would have been based on that appeal material, the Dean and I participated in a 
conciliation process initiated by the President of ASU. That was followed by negotiations with the University, 
and the agreed-upon actions described above. 
I have never harassed or assaulted anyone, and have most certainly not exhibited gender bias in my 
professional dealings with colleagues, students, or staff. I look forward to continuing my work, including 
writing, research, and public outreach, now and after my retirement from ASU. 
EFTA00812415

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812416.pdf
----------------------------------------
PALMCO: 
The Place For Palms 8 Bamboos 
Company Address PO Box 2198 
Pineland, FL 33945 
US 
Opportunity Name HBRK Associates Inc• Richard• Sylvesters• 4/9 
Created Date 
4/9/2018 
Quote Number 
00034000 
Entered By 
Francisco Castaneda 
Contact Name 
Richard Kahn 
Entered Email 
Phone 
Address 
Email 
Mobile 
Billing Address 
575 Lexington Avenue 
Ship To Name 
HBRK Associates Inc 
NY. NY 10021 
Quantity Product 
Line Item Description 
Sales Price 
Total Price 
4.00 
1.00 
1.00 
7010 Sylvestris Sgl 18'CT #1 
with diamond cut 
$2/00.00 
$210.00 
50.00 
$10.800.00 
$210.00 
$0.00 
Phyto Certification 
Shade Cloth Flat Bed (60') 
Customer paid for roll that was shipped to us in December '17 
Products 
6.00 
Notes 
The address for pickup is closest to: (This is in 
Subtotal 
511.010.00 
the middle of Citrus Grove and there is an 
electronic gate the driver will have to wait for 
Tax 
$0.00 
someone to let him in.) 
Shipping and 
$0.00 
8250 Kinser Groove Rd. 
Labelle. FL. 33935 
Handling 
Pymt. Adjustment 
$0.00 
BOL 
No 
Grand Total 
$11.010.00 
Share With 
If you would like to add more material to this 
order, we have to bring the sylvesters to our 
14401 Harbor Drive address and this may delay 
the order, depending on the add-ons. 
EFTA00812416

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812417.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVE ROADRUCK 
PRESIDENT 
07/18/18 
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC 
12887 PLUMMER GRANT ROAD 
JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA 32258 
EMAIL: 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
R-86-18 
Kyle Wesley Reavis 
INVOICE 
07/18/18 Due Diligence Search. 
Total Amount due: 
$150.00 
TELEPHONE: 
FAX: 
Please send payment to the address on the letterhead as I am now using 
this address for all correspondence. 
Steve Roadruck 
President 
FEIN: 
EFTA00812417

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812418.pdf
----------------------------------------
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC 
STEVE ROADRUCK 
12887 PLUMMER GRANT ROAD 
TELEPHONE: 
PRESIDENT 
JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA 32258 
EMAIL: 
FAX: 
MEMORANDUM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
From: Steve Roadruck 
Re: 
Kyle Wesley Reavis 
Date: 07/18/18 
R-83-18 
Kyle Wesley Reavis, DOB: 08/06/1992 
SSN: 
I have attached a Comprehensive Report on Kyle W. Reavis. 
The Comprehensive report did not contain any criminal cases or any 
negative information. 
I did a nationwide U.S. District Coiirt search and did not find any 
criminal, civil or bankruptcy cases. 
I did not find anything negative in a social media search. 
I researched the entire state of New York and did not find any civil or 
criminal cases. He was researched in Dallas County and did not have any 
cases. I researched his name in Galveston County, Texas and found a 
minor traffic violation which was dismissed. 
EFTA00812418
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case Information 
16-NTM02-1239 I The State of Texas vs. Kyle Reavis 
Case Number 
Court 
Judicial Officer 
16-NTM02-1239 
JP2 
Schweitzer, Jim 
File Date 
Case Type 
Case Status 
11/09/2016 
Non-Traffic 
Dismissed 
Misdemeanor 
Party 
State 
The State of Texas 
Address 
600 59th Street. Suite 1001 
Galveston TX 77551 
Defendant 
Reavis, Kyle Wesley 
DOB 
08/06/1992 
Address 
1502 23rd Street 
Galveston TX 77550 
Charge 
EFTA00812419
--- PAGE 3 ---
Charges 
Reavls, Kyle Wesley 
Description 
Citation 
Statute 
Level 
Date 
DISPLAY 
TX4QX80FHCV7 
502.407 
JP Class C 
11/05/2016 
EXPIRED 
Misdemeanor 
LICENSE 
PLATE 
Disposition Events 
11/10/2016 Disposition• 
DISPLAY EXPIRED LICENSE PLATE 
Events and Hearings 
11/09/2016 Citation - Non Traffic Misdemeanor- OCA 
11/09/2016 Registration Renewal Reciept 
Dismissed 
11/09/2016 Galveston Office 
11/10/2016 Dismissal 520 Fee • 
Dismissal $20 Fee 
EFTA00812420
--- PAGE 4 ---
Financial 
Reavis. Kyle Wesley 
Total Financial Assessment 
$22.00 
Total Payments and Credits 
$22.00 
11/10/2016 Transaction 
$20.00 
Assessment 
11/10/2016 Transaction 
$2.00 
Assessment 
11/10/2016 
Payment 
Receipt # 
Reavis, 
($22.00) 
2016-01895- 
Kyle 
JP2 
Wesley 
Documents 
Dismissal $20 Fee 
EFTA00812421

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812422.pdf
----------------------------------------
RECEIPT DATE: 22 DECEMBER 2017 
RECEIPT NO.: 1748 
AAI Scientific Cultural Services Ltd. 
Office 501, Galaxias Center Block A 
Arch. Makarios III Avenue, Nicosia 1065 Cyprus 
Tel: 
Fax: 
SCIENTIFIC 
CULTURAL 
Email: 
Web: 
A
CU 
SERVICES 
VAT No.: CY 10153104S 
TIC No: 12153104U 
To:
Dr Peter Fenwick MB BChir DPM FRCPsych 
Neuropsychiatry Office
Herne Hill 
London SE24 9QP 
Tel 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT(S): 
Payment received for Invoice 1748: 
March 2017 
500 GBP; 
March 2017 
2500 GBP; 
April 2017 
1000 GBP; 
May 2017 
1000 GBP; 
June 2017 
1000 GBP; 
Dec 2017 
500 GBP; 
Total 
6500 GBP (7386 Euros) 
Signature 
14litt
A
Date: 22 December 2017 
Note: Thank you 
EFTA00812422

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812423.pdf
----------------------------------------
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
P.O. BOX 871404 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
AND SCIENCES 
TEMPE, AZ 85287- 1404 
FAX: 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
October 12, 2018 
Michael Crow 
President, Arizona State University 
Dear Michael 
I am writing to inform you of my decision to retire from my position as Professor in the School of 
Earth and Space Exploration and Physics Department at ASU at the end of this academic year, May 16, 
2019. Following my retirement I will take advantage of all standard retirement benefits. 
As this may be my last opportunity to correspond with you before I retire, I want to relate to you 
my thoughts and perceptions following my decade at the University. I am doing this with the hope that 
these reflections might positively impact on the future actions of the University. I have been quite 
proud of what we had been able to accomplish together, with the creation of the Origins Project, the 
establishment of a flourishing Cosmology Initiative, and the recruitment of numerous distinguish 
faculty including 2 Nobel Laureates to ASU. These successes make the disappointments of the past 
year particularly discouraging. 
Following the allegations published online by BuzzFeed, I felt that the University completely 
abandoned my interests and their obligations to protect me as well as others. In addition, I feel the 
University did great damage to a number of our accomplishments and did a disservice to what I have 
always felt was the mission of the University. 
I had made the University aware of the BuzzFeed allegations well before the story appeared, 
talking to the Dean and General Counsel, who at the time indicated their support for me. The 
University launched an investigation of some of the allegations before the story broke and I had met 
with one investigator. Shortly after the BuzzFeed story appeared the University shifted gears and 
reacted quickly both publicly and privately in way that damaged not only me, but the Origins Project. 
I was informed on March 7'h at 430 pm by the Dean that I was being put on administrative leave, 
and at the same time that the Origins Project 10'h anniversary celebration was going to be cancelled. I 
informed the Dean that my staff had anticipated the BuzzFeed story and had taken steps to insulate the 
program from me if I a story broke. Of the 80 or so participants as of that time, only two people had 
backed out—a journalist, and one of the Origins board who cited a timing conflict—as of that point. In 
particular, a panel with 8 Nobel Laureates had been organized at North High School for up to 1200 
inner city students. We had contacted the School Board and informed them that the panel would go on 
without my moderation and that seemed to be satisfactory. 
Without consulting me further I was informed that all events associated with the 10'h anniversary 
celebration were cancelled. It is particularly tragic that a University which prides itself on reaching 
EFTA00812423
--- PAGE 2 ---
underserved populations would have cancelled the Origins events, and in particular the North High 
School event, which could have literally changed the lives of a number of young people, without 
further consideration. 
Within minutes of informing me of my administrative leave, the University produced a Press 
release informing the media of this situation, along with the fact that I was apparently restricted from 
being on campus (a fact that conflicted with what the Dean had informed me at the time). Almost 
immediately following the various news stories that appeared numerous organizations cancelled my 
lecture appearances, boards asked me to resign, book contracts were cancelled. All on the basis of 
mere allegations, compounded by the University decision to place me on administrative leave. Beyond 
what may be the irreparable damage to my reputation of that, combined with the cancellation of the 
Origins events, the University actions were problematic. 
Why was I put on leave at that point even though I hadn't been put on leave when the University 
received the BuzzFeed allegations weeks earlier? Of greater concern was the violation of my rights 
under ABOR 6-201. It is specifically stated that a faculty member cannot be put on administrative 
leave without the opportunity to respond to allegations. Even in the case of emergency, the faculty 
member must be given that opportunity within 15 days of the leave decision. Instead, the University 
announced to the world that I was being put on leave without any opportunity for me to respond to any 
allegations at all, and certainly did not give me any opportunity to respond to allegations within 15 
days. This was the beginning of a series of University procedures that I feel violated my rights and 
demonstrated little interest in providing me the protections that I would expect the University to 
provide for all of its employees. 
I outline major concerns below: 
1. My experience with OEI was Kafka-esque. The process can be characterized at best as 
unprofessional, biased, incompetent and uncooperative. 
a. Information about allegations was withheld from me until I contracted an attorney 
to represent me. 
b. False statements were made to me. 
c. Evidence was withheld. 
d. Inappropriate and hostile questions were addressed to my staff and me, and little 
or no attempt was made to substantiate or refute allegations, especially hearsay 
allegations. 
e. Throughout the process my due process rights were violated. 
f. The director of the office Erin Ellison was uncooperative and hostile during many 
interactions with my counsel, my staff, and me. She seemed to never have met an 
allegation she didn't like. Trivial and absurd claims, involving a range of things 
from childish drawings, to jokes, to simple and accurate statements of fact were 
treated as violations and explored with same intensity as more substantial items 
that should have been explored properly. I was lied to on numerous occasions. Ms. 
Ellison specifically indicated that her office did not go on a 'fishing' expedition, and 
did not reach out to seek complainants who did not contact her office, but the 
evidence shows that she contacted BuzzFeed to ask for contact information for just 
such individuals. I later discovered that she also presented me with partial 
information about various complaints, presumably with a hope to somehow trip 
me up. Her biases were clear. Guilt was presumed, not innocence. Otherwise 
unsubstantiated allegations from individuals were accepted as fact, even if those 
individuals had otherwise provided false information. Exculpatory information by 
EFTA00812424
--- PAGE 3 ---
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
P.O. BOX 871404 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
AND SCIENCES 
TEMPI:, AZ 85287-1404 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
others was discounted. Ms. Ellison ultimately started referring to the complainant 
from Australia not by her first name, but by a nickname 'Mel'. I was always Dr. 
Krauss. Ms. Ellison confronted not only me, but one of my staff with the allegation 
that we were having an affair, which we were not. She actually asked my staff 
member what the sleeping arrangements were for her during an Origins event in 
Mexico! No complaints could have come from our staff about this, as (a) no other 
staff were at the event, (b) the hotel rooms for all of us participants was organized 
by our Mexican hosts, and (c) the staff member attended the event with her 
partner. 
g. I was held accountable for things about which I had no knowledge. And in this 
regard a double standard was enacted regarding accountability. I was held 
accountable for not reporting apparent harassment of a staff member about which 
I was unaware. However one of the claims against me involved a staff member 
who claimed she had been told I had violated University policy, but she was not 
held accountable for not reporting this to the University until she was interviewed 
by OEI, eight years after the fact. 
(As it turned, her claim was false in any case). 
h. There was no evidence throughout that there was a presumption of my innocence 
in the absence of evidence. 
The fact that I was not able to respond to claims and evidence, which were only provided 
to me after the OEI had reached their determination, about which I could not appeal, gives 
totalitarianism a bad name. It is a severe violation of due process. 
I urge you to launch a 
University investigation into Ms. Ellison, and the running of her office. I believe that the 
University standard of single investigator-run investigations into Title IX violations has 
led to abuses which need to be addressed, for the sake of everyone at the University. As 
you are aware, both case law, and Department of Education standards for such 
investigations are changing. It is important that ASU attempt to provide equal protections 
for accused as well as accusers. 
2. Only after the conclusion of the investigation, and only after the Provost made his 
determination based on their conclusions, was I able to gather and present new evidence 
to counter the conclusions of the investigation. Yet neither the Provost nor the OEI 
reopened their investigation, and the OEI never even responded to my request to them to 
do so. This was contrary to the precedent set by OEI regarding one of the claims against 
me. In that case the OEI reopened an investigation of a claim against me which had been 
dismissed previously, even when no new complainants had contacted the University (and 
in fact the alleged victim herself never issued a complaint). Instead they did so, after 
reading an online tabloid report, and ultimately changed their determination. There 
seemed to be little interest in discerning the truth. 
3. During the subsequent Conciliation process I was informed, after buying plane tickets for 
my wife, and myself that the meeting the committee was going to have with the Dean and 
EFTA00812425
--- PAGE 4 ---
me was canceled. The reason given was that the Provost had determined that Conciliation 
was possible, but that the Dean was not empowered to negotiate the details. Two days 
later the Dean contacted me asking to discuss Conciliation. I had not received the 
Conciliation Committee report at that time. I contacted you and asked for the report. You 
sent me the report 6 days after you received it, giving me one day to come to agreement 
with the Dean. The next day Dean and I subsequently discussed possible terms based on 
the terms described in the Conciliation Committee recommendations. The Dean indicated 
he would get back to me. Then, at 216 pm that day, the Dean forwarded a contract to me 
that did not incorporate the suggestions described in the Conciliation Committee 
recommendations, and I was told I had 2 hours to sign it, even though it was now after 
business hours in Washington DC, where my lawyer resides. I had to get my lawyer to 
contact the University's counsel to get an extension to allow any meaningful discussions of 
terms. The disrespect shown to me and my family during this process was, in my opinion 
not worthy of you, or the University. 
4. It was inappropriate of you to publicly speak to the State Press, and reveal features of the 
employee review process before it was completed. In particular by announcing that the 
Dean had recommended my dismissal you unnecessarily compromised the Conciliation 
process and further damaged my reputation, following the conclusion of Conciliation. The 
lack of discipline and disrespect you showed me this week disappointed me 
tremendously, as you know I have always previously held you in high regard. 
After a process during which university passed up numerous opportunities to behave responsibly, 
humanly, and fairly towards me, with little or not interest in protecting my rights or my dignity, 
perhaps you can understand my feeling that I have no interest in actively remaining on the faculty at 
ASU after this academic year. In spite of all that we have done, and a decade over which I can look 
back and feel proud to have played a significant and active role in the ASU community I feel it would 
be unsafe for me to continue my active teaching, research and service activities on campus past the end 
of this academic year even if my other concerns were not significant. 
Sincerely, 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
EFTA00812426

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812427.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mal
SCHOOL OF EARTH
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
Co.aim 117144i 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
AND SCIENCES 
owl . tot 115187 4 1=1 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
October 14, 2018 
Michael Crow 
President Arizona State University 
PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Dear Michael 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, S£SE and Physics 
Co•Director, Cosmology Initiative 
I am writing to inform you of my decision to retire from my position as Professor in the School of 
Earth and Space Exploration and Physics Department at ASU at the end of this academic year, May 16, 
2019. Following my retirement I will take advantage of all standard retirement benefits. 
As this retirement may be my last opportunity to correspond with you before I retire, I want to 
relate to you my thoughts and perceptions following my decade at the University. I am frankly 
outraged, but my purpose here is not to disparage the institution or anyone in it, or simply to vent. 
During the past year, no one in the University administration has asked for feedback on my experience. 
This is perhaps my sole opportunity to do so and I hope that my reflections will encourage actions that 
can positively impact on the ASU's future and help better safeguard the University and its community. 
I recognize that because of my high public profile, the current climate, and the significant 
publicity, the University was under great pressure to ensure that my case reached a pre-ordained 
conclusion, independent of the evidence, or, in my case the lack of evidence. A concerted effort by a 
group of individuals to impugn my integrity was met with University violations of due process, 
ignoring evidence, extreme bias, distortions, violation of ABOR regulations, hostile actions, and an 
Office of Equity and Inclusion which is out of control, that your administration supported. This sets 
a precedent that must not be repeated, for the well being of everyone at ASU. Someone with integrity 
needed to oversee this process, and you certainly didn't seem to do that. 
You brought me here to create and lead the Origins Project and create and help lead a new 
cosmology initiative, recruit world-renowned faculty, and create new research and teaching programs, 
and I am quite proud of what we accomplished. Over the past decade the most talented and influential 
scientists and scholars in the world have graced our campus in dozens of transdisciplinary workshops 
and associated events that broke new ground for higher education. Origins public programs have been 
witnessed by literally millions of people, and exciting new research and teaching programs have been 
created in Origins and in Physics and SESE, and new high quality students have been recruited and 
exposed to truly transformational foundational concepts. In the process, the international academic 
profile and distinction of ASU was significantly raised. 
But the University has been willing to throw most of this away merely to cater to appearances 
during a time of neo-puritan moral panic. You know that not a single one of my students, no staff in 
EFTA00812427
--- PAGE 2 ---
any of my academic departments, none of my faculty colleagues, none of my postdoctoral researchers, 
and not a single participant in a host of Origins events over the past decades has complained to the 
University about my behavior, my teaching, or my research. Quite the contrary. Most important, you 
also know me. You have witnessed my behavior, and know that I am not the person being painted by 
the press and the OEI, 
The OEI twice investigated a ludicrous claim that has been dismissed by other institutions. A 
weeren-en-a-vearlettaelainte,-I-teue4recl-fier-breast-ef.anether-weman-defing-a,s.etlie-phetegrapli-a4-a 
private-atheist-reseptien-in-Melbetiroe4-1414Ve-takell-literatly-teRtref-theesende-efeellies-Nvith-faes-ever 
the-pest-deeederwithoui-a-single-ether-eomplaintrThe-individeal-wite-wes-allegedly-toneited-refused-to 
Ftle-e-eomplaint-r reftraed-tetruggest-site-Wets`trYittiltIttftEPeAtert-final4y-eentaeted-br Gra-reftrAedie 
divelge-her-idestits,4--The-eomplainant-her,- been-shewn-kbhave4iedebeet4ey-fastsr  anri-the-key-bi4-ef 
phetegmphie-evideeee-sier-pfeSORted44Ifffs-Otit-H0440-suppect4rer-elaim-atefirSittlaas-since,gaireed 
that-the-entretherelleged-witn...4.4 ;..te.viewed-by-tite0E1-wes-not-a-witricaa at alinAnd-inerilerto 
justify-eveneeneider-ing-this-neeseneerfier-Usiversiefrmatios-the-WdieFees-elaim4liat-nweittanee-at 
ibierevest-was-suppeneriewil-epesseped-by-ASUaM4en-.VeMe-efeyy-reenti-teip4cavel-between-the-Uoite421 
Stateserularistralia4M*140-the-eeent-wa#supperted-by-the-Ltnivee:ity-and-my4retel-expenseseed 
loetliratisporiation-were-paid-by-theorganim*—The-University-ditIpay-forterfolteny-travel-to-lenve 
thai-locatieo-dwing-my-wip-and-ge-te-Canberfarwkere-yeu-keev.4ealaberate-witit-selleagueti-atatt, 
Stremle-gbfeephlierlyrAa441,0-Univer
ed-Fneal-exterises-tiorieg-this-time-40.4i4e-in 
Melbenme-I-seuki-kww-th e-eventz-tHeet-sellectues-at-the-University-ther4rand-alt*-tiat-and-wor4-in-my 
hotek—This-wes-es-meelte-University-event-es-my-going-to-a-restaurarg-withirry-wife-during-the-term;
Whefl-Flie-UniVer-Sity-is-paying-meAffd-tAnd amazingly, he-kisker-iS-firat-the Provost specifically said 
toe me that everything I do, anywhere I do it, represents the University because I have a public profile. 
So the University can police anything I do and anywhere I do it. If the faculty at the University found 
out that if they achieve sufficient prominence they suddenly become vulnerable to indiscriminate 
University investigation of any claim by anyone, anywhere, no matter how ludicrous, you won't have 
many prominent faculty left. 
When it became clear to BuzzFeed during their trolling that the University would be unlikely to 
take any serious action unless they found someone to complain inside the University, they found 
disgruntled former staff of Origins to make a combination of ludicrous, and demonstrably false, claims, 
which OEI entertained with out an ounce of skepticism or logic. After deciding we would run an event 
to explore the science of transgender issues at the same time as the bathroom debacle in North 
Carolina, I am labeled as gender-biased? Why? Because at some point during our preparations I bring 
to my staff's attention a New York Times magazine spread on transgender couples and I point out that 
transgender people can be extremely attractive! alAten-pmising4-transgerider-speake
th-v+hern4 
developede-highly-respeetful-relatiort+Itip-dui4-uo. -venee-afier-stie-pushes-the 'Abe of the-envelope 
tmisekke-thifth-eetiikile4ire-bex-earil-speak-aarl-debate-respeetratly-Elerieg-eur-greup-meetingsrleagh-ia,s 
dcac tha speaker latar whan I tell hat tha joke I said about her), but somahow that is also taken as 
harassing'?—When during a staff lunch we are talking visual drawing illusions I demonstrate the only 
one I could produce which I say was a silly trick using set of sketches learned to draw in grade school. 
transforming a box into a book into a music stand into a light bulb, into the figure below, and I am 
accused of distributing "inherently sexual" drawings? Come on. 
Commented ()Di]: I think going back into the Mail< 
isn't useful ex what you want to do with this letter, and it will 
make him pay less attention to the parts that will be new to 
Mm. 
Justin Dillon 
2015.10-14 21:24.00 
Commented [JDZI: Alsocu0ing here to make it less a 
relitigation of the mot. 
Justin Dillon 
2018.10.14 2I:25:00 
EFTA00812428
--- PAGE 3 ---
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
co. 144A /171404 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
AND SCIENCES 
A/. x5`871404 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co•Director, Cosmology Initiative 
Then, when the same staff members describe supposed harassment of others that they observe—
describing how I disrespected and poked in the chest a respected female scientist (who I recruited to 
come to ASU for an event, and recruited to join an another Organization I was chair of!), during one of 
our Origins events for example—once again the crack OEI investigator decides it is too much trouble 
to actually seek out the individual in question and ask them if it actually happened—until I forced the 
issue, leading her to discover that the purported victim did, in fact. say it never happened. And even 
after 
at the 
investigators, who appear to  have been trained to always believe accusers. deeide there-is-ito-reesonsaw 
no mason to question the credibility of other ludicrous claims made by the same indiyidealdisgruntled 
former employee. 
No instances of unwanted touching or; inappropriate sexual propositions—r in short, nothing that 
smacks of harassment at all at the University! But apparently gently addressing the attire of a student 
intern who is inappropriate dressed at an Origins event, and who went on to worked for Origins for a 
year later-without incident was viewed as an example of severe and pernicious, when such a conclusion 
was necessary for a process where guilt appeared to be pre-ordained. 
Both the Dean and General Counsel were made aware of BuzzFeed's claims during their five4 
month period of trolling, and in a private meeting in December they recognized what they were—;
unsubstantiated smear tactics involving unsubstantiated, dubious, and sometimes otherwise innocuous 
allegations. But in this new world, the same Dean now has decided that the same set of ludicrous, 
false, trivial, and unsupported claims are sufficiently severe and pervasive to warrant dismissal? It is a 
sad situation when Universities abandon reason, evidence, honesty, and due process in favor of a public 
show. 
And that is the saddest and perhaps most disgusting aspect of the charade the University 
describes as an 'investigation' followed by a 'determination'. Accusations are shielded and evidence is 
withheld from the accused. Others and I were badgered with Inappropriate and hostile questions, 
and I was only provided with the detailed accusations and evidence after the Investigator had drawn her 
conclusions and completed her investigation. And these conclusions could not be appealed! And-Plus 
even after I provided new exculpatory evidence to the Provost to urge him to try and bring some sense 
to the process, he refuseds to reopen the investigation, or, as far as I can see, even read and 
understand what I presented. 
Commented 0D3]: I forget who this was- but 
anyway. the point is to distinguish the accuser from the 
woman whose cheM you allegedly poked. 
Justin Dillon 
2018.10.14 21:28.14 
EFTA00812429
--- PAGE 4 ---
The violations of due process, of standards of inquiry, determination of evidence, ability to cross 
examine witnesses inherent in the OEI investigation sets an extremely dangerous standard, and one that 
I know the Federal Government and the Courts are currently investigating across the country. 
Allowing a single investigator free, unsupervised rein to act with impunity, and to draw conclusions 
that cannot later be questioned, is a recipe for disaster and injustice, and ASU will inevitably be called 
to task for it at some point if you do not restructure the way you handle matters like this. 
And then there is OE1,-Erin-Elliman. 
.  will simply say this: you 
should nay careful attention to how she-rufts-that office is run-and-elfrnfeeelleS-thetitl-COSeS. I think an 
investigation of OEI and its leadership is required. Words that come to mind about my experience with 
OEI include biased. hostile. dishonest and incompetent. My due process rights were regularly violated. 
Often my questions weren't answered until I got a lawyer to ask them. I certainly wasn't given access 
to either all of the accusations or all of the evidence associated with them. I was told that OEI did not 
go on a 'fishing' expedition for complaints. but later documentation demonstrated that was not the 
case. Employees were brought in for questioning under false pretenses. Often hearsay complaints were 
not followed up with the people actually involved. Exculpatory evidence and testimony was often 
ignored. It seemed as if the role of the office was not to explore the truth or presume innocence in 
advance. but ginc: 
In-my-opinion. Erin Ellisons-thanector--44-0-E-h-is-aclisgrage-She-needs to be investigated 
end-possibly-sosnyndvd. If this letter can be C4IIISidtTed as an-official complaint, consider it to lee 
the-caserThe most generous tlescriptions of her ac 
s that I tan eo nit. tip with include Ihe 
werds-blased,hostile, ion 
-t had to-tanplo!ral great 
imancial-costbec ause Msrgnisen-often-refused-Io-evewanswer-m!,-questions-abouf-process-until 
he-contacted her. has litigated cases at Universities around the country has said he has never 
interacted with an official that hostile and uncooperative. Routinely she lied to others and me 
abouuthe-proces.—On one CAW-04e-assured-thather-offree-
office
-notrwmid-seek-iftdkittuals4o 
solicit-complaints about melint-inite-doormentation-hvas-provitted-afterSestigation-was 
completes' there is an email from January where Ms. Ellison writes to ButiFeed-tiory-andsolicit 
names of possible I. hirersity employees who they may have contacted. On another occasion she 
asked-oneolmy einnloyees-for-a-seemid-iiitervirw-in-wItich-shgclainwidstte-wottliksimplykftow 
unn-some-issuesAmitunteEltauslie-haficlealuwiticholie-firschnerviesys-and-then-wlien-the 
employee appeared for the interview-the eninkiyee was confront for 2 hours with-accusations 
about her behavior! When questioning me about allegations. MHO, of which I was not provided 
witsinche-pastesinswould-often-provide me only-part of the 
in-h*FilOSS4644(44k434.ping40 
tripille-tfPnitati
liner-V-0444I4Siiill• 
she did not twin-41v rue any-opportimille.S4-0-diree* 
question individuals-itivolsed or reach out to third parties whit might he able to invalidate-claim-. 
In her report she glossed over, ignored. or discounted indis ideals 
int I/Itssiim of events al 
Origins-differed-from-those-of ilw-acetwers-she chose to believe,-She never Owl anctecientimishe 
didn't likeringloding-heroutragetoos-fleterminatitm-that-the-pliotograoh-below-represencidon 
example of harassment by me. Iles role. as-she-carries it outriselearly not to explore the truth, or 
presume innocence. but to demonstrate guilc-She-strikes-me-as an inappropriate person to be 
employed-at OE1-, mogh-letalead-it, 
Commented UD41: In some way.. this is the mom 
dannetom pan he could .cow you and dunk of hunulf as 
cluvalrow for protccung her honor Porn your doparagemeM. 
Justin Dillon 
2018.10.14 21:3&O0 
EFTA00812430
--- PAGE 5 ---
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
to. PDX 87140. 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
AND SCIENCES 
'Inn. At SSW 1404 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, S£SE and Physics 
Co•Dlrector, Cosmology initiative 
There are a host of other abuses experienced at the hands of the University over the past year that 
have served not only to help destroy my reputation, but sadly also have dismantle the legacy and 
impact of Origins—abuses that sometimes not only violate ABOR policies, but also free speech rights, 
due process rights, and common decency. as I outlinett-in-death-in-nw-enneat-ofthe-ritteisioni. litre are 
a few not directly related to O111: 
a -I was put on administrative leave at 430 pm March 60 without warning, even though an 
investigation had been ongoing for over 3 weeks which had not uncovered dangerous or 
disruptive behavior in any of my academic departments. ABOR 6-201 regulations imply I 
was supposed to be able to confront allegations before such a leave is imposed. Yet 
within an hour the University had sent out a press release picked up by the New York 
Times and others that described the University action and effectively hung me in the 
court of public opinion, resulting in immediate negative actions by other organizations I 
am associated with. ABOR 6-201 states that even in the case of emergency, when the 
President can impose such a leave, the individual involved must be allowed to confront 
allegations within 15 days. That never happened. 
_h
-With consulting me or my staff, the Origins 10th anniversary celebration events, planned 
for April, were cancelled. My staff was well aware of the brewing BuzzFeed smear 
campaign, and we had arranged contingency plans for all events so I would not be 
involved. But no one at the University ever asked about these before unilaterally 
cancelling the events, and disinvited over 65 prominent academics and celebrities were 
had arranged to attend the events, none of whom had cancelled because of the BuzzFeed 
story. More tragic still-was the fact that the planned event for B Nobel Laureates to speak 
to a group of over 1000 inner-city students at North High School—an event that surely 
would have changed some lives for the better—was summarily cancelled by the 
University whenaUniversity-sancetledalone with  the celebration, even though my staff 
Commented UDS]: rye deleted thew bemuse they're 
just rehashing the merits, end 1 think they detract from yaw 
point. 
Justin Dillon 
2018.10.14 21:3700 
EFTA00812431
--- PAGE 6 ---
had previously communicated with North High about the potential problem, and had 
indicated that I would not moderate the event, and as I understand it that was acceptable 
to North High. So much for any alleged effort for ASU to reach out to otherwise 
underserved populations. 
-Aw150-14UGh-f0f-the-havd-wark-of-a-stal44.1-7-iunecent-peeple-who-hacl-devotecl-a-year-of 
their-kfe-reprotiusing-sumething-wenderful-fer--AS.Ur the-greater-PheenUi-cemmunityrand 
the-wer-I4, 
c_-The violations of due process that began with the imposition of administrative leave 
took on new depth with the ORI invertigation at I have described, and continued after the 
OEI investigation it was completed. That I-Warailat-givewassess-te-acc-usatieus-and 
and
cases-was-net-teld-the-ideutity-ef-wituessesr and-I could not appeal its conclusions was 
something that Stalin would have been proud of, but is disgusting40-see-ininannronri ate 
for an institution that is supposed to herald free speech, mutual respect and 
enlightenment. 
-,6A-e*epy-scage-ef-interectieuThroughout the process the University created a hostile 
adversarial environment and exerted undue, unfair, and illegal pressure on others and 
myself. Just last week your office gave me 2 hours to come to contractual agreement with 
the University lawyers on a Conciliation agreement, even though the recommendation of 
the Conciliation committee was-seat-to-you-a-week-earlter-auelwere not forwarded to me 
until the day before this outrageous-request, and the content of their recommendations 
was not reflected in the details of the ro osed agreement-and-moreove-that-l-was 
required u 
seut-to-mork-was-ahuos-t-6-pmet-he-gas-t-Coastr  where-my-laveyes-residess Even thoueh 
it was atter business hours on the East Coast. I was able to reach my lawver-Happ*I 
was-able-te-reach4WHI-.4141-he-comaeted-the-Uftivepsity  who then -lawyer-aati-ilemanded a 
legitimate contractual 
completed
d. 
_e
-Gender bias was frequent. None of the supporting statements provided by any of my 
male colleagues who were intimately familiar with the workings and atmosphere of 
Origins were included in the University determination regarding the allegations 
investigated by OEI. It was claimed I was sexist when I described to my staff the 
historically accurate fact that the movement for gay and lesbian rights really took on 
momentum in NYC when gay men began to publicly protest And so on. 
-Dooble-srarulaufsAVOU-1-aptsliort—I- v.-as -heM-aerooatabie-for-rast-reportios-apparem-harassinera 
about-which-I-was-unaware. Mearushi-le-a-complainatu-whoolaimed-that-sht.t-harl-heard-aboutoppareut 
harassment-by-toe 8-years earlier-la-claim-that-lateritioted out to be false}-was-tsta-held similarly 
Moreover. -iln an action remiscent of 1984, the University has erased all evidence that the Origins 
Project ever happened on its web pages. What makes this particularly tragic is that the Project had 
built up a remarkable storehouse of material of great interest and relevance for researchers, students, 
teachers, and the general public on its website. All these with the resources that should be available for 
students, educators, and the general public, are now absent on the University site. Why? I assume it 
EFTA00812432
--- PAGE 7 ---
Alai
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
co.BOX S714O4
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
AND SCIENCES 
rk...m. AL sfla: l 41, 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, S£SE and Physics 
Co•Director, Cosmology Initiative 
because my presence infused much of the material. Shame on you for deciding that public image is 
more important than substance and benefit for the community. 
-Finally, throughout this process, I maintained confidentiality, as requested, even though it was 
incredibly difficult not to speak about what I felt to be outrageous and inappropriate goings on at the 
University. Yet the University showed no such restraint. Indeed, when it suited them, and when that 
ultimately helped irredeemably destroy my reputation, or compromise the possibility of unbiased 
conclusions, the University chose to speak to the press about the process or leak information about the 
process. Indeed, just last week in the midst of the Conciliation process, for reasons known only to 
yourself, you yourself chose to inform the State Press that the Dean had requested my dismissal in 
July. I do not see how that is at all consistent with  In-se-doing-yoo-onnece&saritnompromised-the 
Conciliation process, and it further damaged my reputation. 
During the past year, the-tmisosity,anit-yea,liayeASU has passed up numerous opportunities 
to behave responsibly, humanely, and fairly towards me, with no apparent interest in protecting my 
rights or my dignity. --Your-offiee-has-providetHittle-er-ne-leadershipio-enhnite-ainst-and-fair-proeeta. : 
Reflect for a moment on how you would wish yourself and your family to be treated in similar 
circumstances, or how all other University employees would want to be treated, and how ASU's 
policies should be reshaped to protect them. If faculty at ASU find that innuendo and unsubstantiated 
allegations are sufficient to destroy their academic careers at the University they will think twice about 
remaining. If students and parents learn that the OEI functions as a kangaroo court, they may choose 
to go elsewhere. 
It-is-enfettunate-that-thiltletterhas-had-to-be-haralt-but-l-think-it-is-truiltfull have not meant to be 
unduly harsh, but rather truthful—to tell you, someone I have known for years, how this process 
affected me and how I think it needs to be changed going forward. -Its-hacslinessMv tone stands in 
reverse measure to the pride I felt in my relationship with the University and its senior administration 
before this year. Even as I reflect on all we have done here, and a decade over which I can look back 
and feel proud to have been an active part of the ASU community, working with integrity and 
dedication that have now both been so viciously questioned and disparaged, is it any wonder I now feel 
it would be unsafe for me to continue my active teaching, research and service activities on campus- at 
this pointimist-the-enti-ef-this 
par? 
Thank you in advance for accepting my retirement request, and for carefully considering the issues 
I have raised here, with the goal of ensuring a better future for the University community. 
Sincerely, 
Commented UD6]: Technically. you can't do any of 
those things matting as mon as you sign this. hence this edit. 
login Dillon 
2018.10.14 21:42:00 
EFTA00812433
--- PAGE 8 ---
Lawrence M. 
[Gauss 
EFTA00812434

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812435.pdf
----------------------------------------
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
October 20, 2018October 1 t, 201g 
Michael Crow 
President, Arizona State University 
PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Dear Michael 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
P.O. BOX 871404 
AND SCIENCES 
TOIPL, AZ 85287-1404 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
I am writing this confidential letter  to infeFni-yeu-ef-my-deeisien-reauest  to retire from my position 
as Professor in the School of Earth and Space Exploration and Physics Department at ASU at the end 
of this academic year, May 16, 2019, and will move on to explore new challenges outside of ASU after 
that. Following my retirement, I will take advantage of all standard retirement benefits. 
Coming to ASU to create and lead the Origins Project and create and build a thriving Cosmology 
Initiative in the Physics Department and School of Earth and Space Exploration has been a highlight of 
my academic career. Watching Origins grow to become internationally recognized for its unique blend 
of transdisciplinary workshops bringing the best scientist and scholars from around the world together 
to explore forefront foundational questions across the full breadth of human inquiry, combined with the 
development of unique public programs that regularly filled the 2700 seat Gammage auditorium right 
from our Inaugural event onward, and were watched online either during the event or after by literally 
millions of people, and the development of new educational resources on the Origins Web Portal, has 
been immensely satisfying. I think it exceeded many of our expectations when we first discussed 
creating the program back in 2007 on my first visit to ASU. Being able to recruit over a half dozen 
excellent new faculty to Physics and SESE, plus two Nobel Laureates to ASU has. I believe, helped 
raise the research profile of the University as well, and has also helped us recruit new talented students 
to the University. And my experience teaching seminars in the Barrett Honors College has also been 
immensely satisfying, and I was very pleased with the positive student response to those courses. 
All of this makes the events of the seven months or so even more disappointing. Following the 
unfortunate abrupt cancellation by the University of the Origins 10th anniversary celebration, and the 
subsequent termination of The Origins Project in September, and along with it the dismantling of both 
the organization I had established, and the online resources we have developed, which after all was the 
prime reason I relocated to ASU in the first place, I find there is less cause for me to remain here after 
this academic year. 
Compounding this motivation to consider leaving. my recent experience at the University 
following the publication of unfounded and inappropriate allegations against me by an online tabloid 
has left me feeling disillusioned. I have described some of my concerns in detail to you documents I 
sent you on August 24th and 28'h and 301h appealing the Dean's recommendation of dismissal and 
contesting the Provost's determinations based on the determinations from the Office of Equity and 
Inclusion. Through the various processes. I have experienced what I can think are accurately descried 
EFTA00812435
--- PAGE 2 ---
as: violations of due process. disregard for evidence, discrimination and bias, violation of ABOR 
regulations, and an environment associated with the investigation and the communication and 
resolution of issues that followed it that was by turns adversarial, hostile, disingenuous or 
unresponsive. 
Thus, in spite of the fact that what you stated to the State Press in March remains true—namely, 
not a single one of my students, faculty colleagues, anv staff member in my academic departments, 
postdoctoral researchers, or any of the thousands of participants in our Origins events over the past 
decade has complained to the University about my behavior at ASU. (Generally quite the contrary. in 
fact.)—my recent experience over the past seven months suggests to me that it will likely not be a safe 
environment for me to seriously consider continuing my active teaching, research and service activities 
on campus after this academic year. 
I bring these facts up here now not merely to help explain my own motivations for choosing to 
retire, or to harp on my own experience, but I write out of a broader concern for ASU and the 
University community. I think it will be useful to reflect on how my experiences can benefit others in 
the long term, by suggesting broader actions that you could take to improve the functioning of the 
University and ultimately produce a safer and more productive environment for everyone at ASU. I 
will discuss these issues and proposals in much more depth in a separate letter I will send you later this 
week. 
As-this-retirement-may-be-niy-lam-eppectunity-te-percespenil-with-yewbefece-I-reticer l-want-te-relate-te 
youiny-thoughts-entl-peceeptieRs-fellewing-my-deeeele-at-the-Waiveesit
-era-frankly-eutfagedr imet 
my-purvese-heFe-is-net-te-elisparage-the-institutieli-er-anyene-in-iker-simply-te-ventrpliFing-the-past 
yeerTile-ene-in-the-Univefsar adminisffittien-hes-asked-for-feeilbeek-eniny-expefieneer-This-isterhaps 
my-sele-eppektmity-te-Ele-se-and-I-hepe-that-my-refieetiens-wili-enceurage-aetiens-that-ean-pesitively 
impast-en-theagg1/2 4Eiture-awd-help-better-safeguarkl-the-Univerisity-ancl-its-sommunity, 
1-resegnize-that-besaase-ef-my-140-publie-prefiler  the-c-upent-elimater  and-the-signifieent-publieityr  the 
Universftrwes-andeegreat-pressure-te-ensure-that-my-ease-reeeheil-a-pre-erdained-eenelusien; 
iselepenelent-ef-the-evieleneer Orr in-Fay-ease-the-leek-ocevidencer Areeneefteel-effeFt-by-a-greup-of 
inelividuals-te4mpugn-Fay-integpity-was-met-with-UnivefsityaAelatiens-ef-due-pfeeessr ignecing 
eyitleneerektreme-b•iesr  distertienevieletien-ef-ABOR-regulatiepsr  hestile-eetiopsr  aptl-apaffice-ef 
gqufty-and-tnelusien-whieh-is-eut-ef-c-entr-elr that-yeur-administfatien-suppertedrThis-sets-a 
preeedent-thet-musFnet-be-rereetedr feethe-well-being-eceveyerie-M-ASLI=Seineene-with-integrity 
,.ded to 
a the 
nd . 
era my didn't s m to do that 
31-ewbretight-rne-kepe-te-ereate-anil-leafil-the-Grigins-Prejeet-anil-ereate-anil-help-lea€14-new-eesmelegy 
initiativer  reemit-werld-renewne4-faeultyr  and-ereate-new-researeli-and-teaphing-pregramsr  and-I-am 
guile-proud-of -what-we-seeemplishedGver-the-pastileeade-theinest-siented-and-iefluentiel-seientists 
and-sehelars4n-the-werlel-have-grarreel-eur-eampus4n-dezens-ef-transelisc-iplinary-wer-ksheps-anel 
assesiated-events-that-breke-new-greunel-fer-aigher-edusatienr OFigins-publie-pfegrams-kave-been 
witeessed-by4iterelly-railliens-effeepler and-emeiting-new-researeit-entl-teeehing-pregrams-have-been 
ereated-in-Ofigins-and-in-Physies-and-SESEr and-nev.“high-quality-stuelents-have-beeti-reemiteel-and 
eepesetl-te-truly-iftmsfermatientil-fettnektiienal-eeneeptsin-the-preeessrthe-internittienal-tteademie 
pfeirle-and4istinetien-ef-ASLI-was-signifieantly-raiseig, 
But-the-Liniversity-has-been-willing-te-threw-mest-ef-this-away-mecely-te-eater-te-appearanees-ducing-a 
time-ef-nee-puthan-Fneral-panier-Yeu4new-that-net-a-single-ene-ef-my-studentsr ne-staffin-any-ef-my 
EFTA00812436
--- PAGE 3 ---
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
P.O. BOX 871404 
AND SCIENCES 
TEMPE,AZ 85287-1404 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
aeadesie-depaFtmentsr nene-ef-my-faeulty-eelleaguesr sone-ef-my-pestdeeteFabceseaFeheffir and-net-a 
single-partieipant-in-a-hest-of-Grigias-events-evef-thertest-deeedes-hes-eentleitted-te-the-University 
aheut-my-behavierr my-teaehingr er-my-reseaFehr Quite-the-aentrapy,Mest-impeftantr yeu-aine4new 
nie
-Yett-have-witnessetl-nirbehttviefrand-lenew-thaEI-ani-net-the-persen-being-peinteti-brthe-rtress 
and the OEI:
The-Gali-twiee-investigeted-e-ittdiereus-eleini-that-hes-been-iliscaissed-br etheeinstitutient—A-wemen 
en-a-vendetta-elaings-I-teuehed-the-bream-ecanether-wenian-during-a-setfie-phetegraph-at-a-private 
atheiet-reeeptien-in-Melbeume?—i-have-ittken4iterttlfrtens-ef-thensends-ef-se4fies-with-ftes-ever-the 
past-deeader witheut-a-single-ether-eeniplaintThe-individual-whe-was-allegedly-teuehed-refused-te 
file-a-eemplaintr refitne4-te-suggest-she-was-a-vietinir and-whect-finally-eentaad-by-GE4-refused-te 
divaige-itec-klentity!—The-eemplainent-hes-been-shewn-te-have-lietlitheat-leey-feetsr end-the4ey-hit-ef 
phetegraphie-evidenee-she-presented-tums-ent-net-te-suppeft-her4lailli-at-alir She-has-sinee-elaimed 
thafthe-enfretheettileged-witness-interviewed-by-the-GE4-Nves-net-e-witness-m-e447—And-in-erder-te 
justify-even-eensidefing-this-ctensenser the-gnivesity-rnades-the-indieretts-elaim-that-my-anendanee-at 
this-event-was-suppefted-and-spennefed-by-4844-when-nene-e4-my-reund4piptravel-betweeti-the-United 
States-enElaustrelie-travel-te4he-event-was-supperlecl-by-the-Univecsity-enil-nly-helel-expenses-end 
leeal-transpeFtenect-were-paid-by-the-ertanizers
-The-University-did-pay-fer-paFt-ef-nly-travel-te-iesye 
the+4eeetien-cluriatnirtrip-enel-ge4e-Genberrerwhereieu4new-I-ealeberete-with-ealeegues-et-Mb 
Streele-ObsermatetyrAnkl-the-University-eevered-nwal-expenses-chifing-this-time-se-while-in 
Melbeume-I-eetilel-leave-the-eventr meet-eelleagues-at-the-University-thereranel-atse-eat-and-WOck-ia-ray 
hotel. This was as much a University event as my going to a restaurant with my wife during the term, 
when-Ihe-gniversiPfris-paying-mer AFIE1-64f1d-aniazinthe-kieker-is-that-the-PKWOM-speeifieally-saiel 
tee-tne-the4-everythinti-der enywhere4-de-itr represents-the-14thvefsitr 
. 
Se-the-UniversiPfrean-peliee-anything-I-Ele-and-anywhere-I-Ete-iIr If-The-feeally-at-the-klaiversity-feund 
out-that-if-they-aehieve-suffielent-prerninenee-they-suelelegy-beeerne-wilaerable-te4nEliseciminate 
University investigation of any claim by anyone, anywhere, no matter how ludicrous, you won't have 
many-preminent-faeuttsfrieft, 
When4t-beeame-elear-te-B
1-duping-their-tnelling-that-the-gnivesity-weeld-be-unlikely-te-take 
any-nefie
etien-uniess-they-feand-semeene-te-aemplain-inside-the-Universityr they-feand-disgnintled 
former stuff of Origins to make a combination of ludicrous, and demonstrably false, claims, which OEI 
enteFteined-with-eut-an-eunee-ef-skeptieiss-Or4egier After-deeiding-we-weuld-FUR-an-event4e-exptere 
the-seienee-ef-transgentler-issues-at-the-serne-time-as-the-bethreem-elebaele4n-NeHh-GarelinarI-ern 
labeled-as-gender-biesed-?--Why443enause-at-seme-poin4-dur-ing-our-pfeparatiens-I-bfing-te-my-stafgs 
auentien-a-hiew“-Yerk4imes-rnagazine-spread-en-transgermler-eeuples-ancl-I-peint-eut-that-tranegeneler 
people can be extremely attractive! When praising a transgender speaker (with whom I developed a 
highly-respeetfal-relatienahipAuFing-ear-eventa)-after-she-pashes-the-eage-af-the-envelepe-in-her 
requeets-fer-travel-and-letigingri-sey
he-hes-balls
4r stafFrell-eflults-whe-heve-been-trainetlie 
think-autsiele-the-berrand-speak-ancl-debate-respeetfully4aring-eurtreup-nwetingsr laugh-fas-Elees-the 
speaker later when I tell her the joke! said about her), but somehow that is also taken as harassing? 
When daring a staff lunch we arc talking visual drawing illusions I demonstrate the only one I could 
preduee-whieh-I-say-was-a-silly-tfierusing-set-ef-sketehes-leamekl-te4raw-ia-grade-seheel7
EFTA00812437
--- PAGE 4 ---
transferming-a-bmt-inte-a-beek-inte-a-musie-standAnte-a-light-Imlbr ime-the-ftgure-belewr ami-I-am 
aeensed-ef-distribtaing inherently-sexualdrawingsg—Ceme-em 
Thenr when-the-same-steffmembereAeseribe-suppesed-haressment-ef-ethers-thet-they-ebseme—
deseneing-hemi4isrespeeted-and-peked-in-the-ehest-a-respeeted-female-seientist-(whe-I-reemited-te 
eeme4e-ASI44er-en-eventrand-reerttited-te-jent-an-anether-ortaniattien-I-was-thair-ePirdarint ene-ef 
eur-Origins-events-for-exampte—enee-agaimthe-emek-QP-imestigater-deeides44-is-tee-FIRIC-1:1-treuble 
te-rientally-seek-eta-the-individual-in-quesiiewaral-ask-them-if-41-aetnally-laappened—until-I-fereed4he 
.-Iter-te-diseever-thet-the-pumerted-vietint-did-inter-imppenedAnd-ween
after-I-de-the-legwerkr end4he-weman-immtestienwehemendy-eontradiets-that-etaint—tist-the 
investigaterarwhe-
we-been-trented-te-always-believe-mmusersrdeeitie-there-is-ne-reasensaw 
ne-reasen-te-questien-the-eredibility-ef-ether4w4iereurretaints-made-by-the-seme-indWidat 
€ermer-empleyee.
Ne-Mstenees-ef-unwanted-teuehing-err inappreprinte-senual-prepesinens
-sherknething4hat 
ameeks-ef-harassment-at-all-m-the-Uneversityl—But-apparently-gently-addressing4heitttire-ela -student 
intern-whe-is-inapprepnate-dressed-m-an-Or4gins-eventr and-whe-went-en-te-werked-fer-044gins-feea 
yea latec-witheut-insident-wasaAewe4-as-an-example-of-severe-and-pemisieusr when-susheeenelusien 
wesmeeessety-fer-apreeess-where-guitt-appeared-te-be-pre-erdeined: 
Betir-the-Dean-and-General-Geunsel-were-made-awitre-ef-Bannfeedia-..eittims-daring-their-fwe-5-menth 
peried-ef4rettingr and-in-a-private-meeting-in-Deeember4itey-reeegnized-what-they-were 
ansubstantiated-smear-taenes-inveking-imsubstantiatekir dubieusr ami-semetimes-ethemAse-inneeneas 
allegatiens,But-imthis-rmw-werldr the-same-Dean-rtew4tes-tteeitied-that-the-seme-set-ef-ludieretts;
falser ttM.4a4r and-unsupperted-e4anm-are-sutTteiently-swmr-e-and-pemasive-te-warrant-d.ismissat?—lt-is-a 
sad-situatien-when-Uneversines-abanden-reasenr ettateneer henestyrand-dtte-meeess-in-faver-ef-a-publie 
show. 
And-that-is-the-saddest-and-perhaps-ntest-disgastintespeet-ecthe-elterade-the44Wersity-eleseribes-as-an 
Linvestigatient feilewed-by-a=determinatien
eeusatiens-are-shielded-andeidenee-is-withhetd-fr-em 
theiteensett—Others-and-I-were-badgered-with-Mapprepriete-and-Imstiteittestiensrand-I-was-eMy 
prewided-with-the-detailed-aeensatiens-and-evidenee-afte&the-Investigater-had-drawn4wr-eenelusiens 
aml-eempleted-her-investigatien,And-thene-eenelasiens-esakl-net-be-appealed1—And-P-4
_
1s—even-after4 
previded-new-exettipattny-mitienewte-the-Preyest-te-tage-Mm-tem-and-Ming-seme-sense-le-the 
preeessr he-refaswits-te-reepen-the-investigatienr eirr as-far-as-I-eamseer even-read-and-understand-what-1 
presented: 
Thew.ielatiens-ef-due-preeensr ef-standards-ef-inquityr determinatien-ef-midenser abitity4e-GfASS 
examate-witnesses4ftherent-en-the-0£4-imestigatien-sets-an-metremely-dangeretts-stendardr and-ene-that 
1-knew-the-Pederal-Gevernment-and-the-Geurts-are-eurrently4nvestigating-aeress4he-eeantry, 
Allowing a single investigator free, unsupervised rein to act with impunity, and to draw conclusions 
EFTA00812438
--- PAGE 5 ---
at
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
BOBO% 871404 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
AND SCIENCES 
TEMPE,AZ 85287-1404 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
that-eannet-later-t3e-etliemienedr is-a-Feeipe-fer-disaster--and-iniustieer an4-ASU-m414-ineSe-ealled 
te-tesle-fer-k-at-seme-peint-if-yetia-net-restrueture-the-wayieu-handle-reattefs-like-this: 
And-tlien-there-is-Epin-Effisen—the-E)ireeteeef-OE—Abeut-her—I-will-simply-sttrthis—yett-shettld-ptty
In-my-epinienr Erin-Ellisonr the-Direeter-ef-GE43-6-a-disgreeer She-needs-te-be-investigated-end 
pessibkfrsuspeeded,44-this-letter-ean-be-eensidere+1-as-an-effieial-eenwleintr eeesider-it-te-be4he 
easerThe most generous dcscriptions of her actions that I can come up with include the words 
laiesefIr kestile5-ineempetentr and4ishenestr WattereeN-whe-l-hecl-te-empley-at-great-rfflafleiel 
eos4-heeause-Msi-FA4isen-ef-ten-refused-to-even-answer—mttuestions-abeut-pr-oeess-until-he 
eentiteted-herr haslitigated-eases-at-Universities-afeend-the-eountry-has-Sfild-hehas-never 
intereeted-with-an-effieial-that-hestile-and-uneeeperalker Reetine*she-lied-te-ethers-and-me 
abeet-the-preeess—Oe-ene-ease-site-assered-that-Iter-efFeee-did-ftet-ge-eut-and-seek-inflividuals-te 
selieit-eemplaints-abeut-nie-het4n-the-deeamentatien-I-was-previclecl-after-the-investigatien-WaS 
eempleted-there-is-an-eniail-fr-em-Jaauart wher-e-Msi-Ellisea-wr-ites-te-Buisaeed-te-tr-y-aad-selieit 
nemes-ef-pessible-University-empleyees-whe-they-nuw-have-eenteetedrOn-anether-eeeasien-she 
asked-ene-ef-ray-enwleyees-fer-a-seeend-inten4e
ie-whieli-she-elainw4-she-weuld-simpty-fellew 
up-en-sente-issues-abeet-nte-thet-she-hed-dealt-with-in-the-firs44fttervitwand-then-when-the 
empleyee-appeared-fer-the-ieterview4he-empleyee
s-eenfreet-fer--2-heur-s-with-aeeusatiens 
aboul-her-4eha*ier-I—When-euestieniegme-about-allegatiensr  niany-ef4sLkieh-I-
s-not-preseided 
with-in-the-pa* she-weuld-oftewprevide-me-enly-paet-ef-the-evidenee-in-lier-pessessienr  heping-te 
tr-ip-me-uprAa44n4Fawiag-her-eenelesiens-she-tlld-noI-pr-evide-rne-anepper4ueities-te-dir-eetly 
questien-intlividttals-invelved-eneneli-euf4e-third-parties-whe-might-be-able4e-invelidate-ektintst 
le-her-reper-I-she-glossed-everr ignerecker-diseeueteil4ndivideals-whese-impressien-ef-events-at 
Origins-differed-freni-these-ecthe-aeeusers-she-ehese-te-befiever Ske-nevermet-an-aecusation-she 
dicinit-liker ineleding-her-eutrageeus-determination-that-the-phetegraph-belebs-represented-en 
example-ef-hafassmeet-lay-reer Her-reler  as-ske-earries44-eutr is-eleapi
net-te-explere-the-trathr  OF 
presteteilineeeneer bui-le-dentertstritte-guittrShe-strikes-me-es-ae4ftepprepriate-persen-te-be 
empleyed-at-OF313-Meth-less-te-leaci-it 
EFTA00812439
--- PAGE 6 ---
Thece-aFeehest-ecethef-abtises-e*perieneed-at-the44aad.s-ef4he-lini*eFsity-over-the-past-year-that-have 
sereed-neF,erity4e-help-deeirey-nly-reputatienrbta-sedirelse4reve-thsmantle-the4egiter and4mpeet-ef 
Ofigins—abuses4hat-sectletimes-net-eal5,-vielate-ABOR-19elisieaut44se4ree-speeth-6g.ht.sr due 
Pfeeess-rightsrand-Gommen-deeene) 
Here-ere-a-few4hat-I-thaile-shettid-flieke-yeathemed: 
I was put on administrative leave at 130 pm March 6th without warning, even though an investigation 
had-been-engeing-fer-evec4-weeles-.‘#hieli-had-ffet-uneevered-dangefeus-of-disfupt.i.,,e-hehavief4n-any 
ef-my4eademie4epaFtmentsABOR-640-1-regulatiens4m00-was-suppeseil4e-be-able4e-senfrent 
allegetiens-before-sueh-a-leave-is4mposed,Yet-within4R-hOtif4he4.44yersity4ied-sent-eut-a-press 
felease-piekeel-up-b5“the-Islew4eck-Ticaes-and-ethers4hat4esepieed4he-Univecsity4etien-and 
effeetivelr htffig-me4n-the-eeert-ef-publie-epinienrresulfing4n-immediate-negetive-eetieris-brether 
efgani.zatiens4-am-asseeiated-.iiith,AggR-640-1-states4hat-eveli-in4he-ease-ef-emergeneyr when4he 
President-ean-impese-sueh-a4eaver the-indi,.,idual-invelved-niust-be-allowed4e-seeffent-allegatiens 
wi4h4I-1-5-thys,That-never-happened: 
With consulting me or my staff, the Origins 10th annivercary celebration events, planned for April, 
were-efrnee14ed=My-staff*ves-veel4-aWftfe-ef4he-brewing-Bu.tzFeed-smear-eampaignrand-we+ed 
afranged-eentingene5“planfrfer-all-events-se-I-.‘#euid-ilet-be-involvedr But-ne-ene-at-Ehe-Usivefsity-ever 
asked-abeut4hese-befece-unilatecany-eaneellieg-the-eventsr and-disinv.ited-e.ve.r-64-pfeminent-aeademies 
and-eelebrities*tece4led-efrange€14e-attend-theeventsr ilene-ePwhem4ied-eaneelied-beettuse-ecthe 
4tizz.Feed-stegcrP.4eFe4cagie-sti44-was4he-faet4hat4heplanned-eveet-fer-8-ixlebel-Latireates4e-speak4e-a 
grettref-ever-14994mier-eity-students-at-Nerth-High-Seheel—an-evenitt-sereir weeld-have-ehthiged 
seme4ives-fec4he-bettec—was4ummaFi45“eaneelled-by4he-Univefsity-.rihen4he-Univesit,“easeelied 
the-selebmtienr eveli-theugii-my-staff4lad-pFe.Aeust5,-semmunieated-..,,ith-).JeFth-H.igkrabout-the 
petemialpfeblemr and-had-indieated4hat-I-wetild-net-eledecate4heeventr and-as4-undefstand4t4hat 
was-aeeeptable4e-islefth-HighrSo much for any alleged effort for ASU to reach out to otherwise 
tiftderserretitepu4atiensr And-se-ftiueh4eethe-hard-veerieef-a-staff-ef-7-inneeent-peeple-whe-ired 
devoted a year of their life to producing something wonderful for ASU, the greater Phoenix 
eammunityr and4he-weFich 
4.he-vielations-ef-duepreeess-thaEbeganAvith414e-im.p.esitien-ef-a.4m.in.istr-atk,e4ea.y.e-te.ek-en 
new depth with the OEI investigation as I have described, and continued after it was completed. 
Thet-la..res-ftet-given-aeeess-te-aeeusatiens-a.nd-evieleftee-uM41-after-thepreeeefliftga..eas- eenelfided7
eauld-net-GPOSS-examineran44t4-man)Leases-was-net-tetel-the-identi
esr and-c-euld-net 
appeal4ts-Genelusiens-was-semething-that4talinAceuld-have-beenpfeed-ef,-b.utis-disgustingte 
see-i44-an4astitutien-dlat-is-suppesed4eaefaki4ree-speeeh74netual4espeet-and-eftlightenment 
EFTA00812440
--- PAGE 7 ---
at
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
P.O. BOX 871404 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
AND SCIENCES 
TEMPh, AZ 85287-1404 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
-iAt-eyePy-stege-erintereetieu-the-U*WersRy-ereated-aaesthe-edversecktl-envir-emweet-ancl 
exerted-unktuerunfairt and illegal preccure on otherc and mycelf. Juct tact week your office gave 
nae-2-heuFs-te-eerae-te-eentr-aetual-agr-eenaent-with-the-Un4ver-sity-lawyeFs-en-a-Ceneiliatien 
agreement, even though the recommendation of the Conciliation committee was cent to you a 
week-eaftieeand-net-feFwafeled-te-me-tmtil-the-day-befere-this-estrageetts-requestrend-the 
content -ef-their-Fecemmenelations-was-net-Fecleeteril-in4he-eletails-ef-the-pFepese€1-agS 
an€1-meFeever-that-I-was-r-equiFe€1-te-elaim-that-my-lawyer--hael-M-the-deeument-even4hraugh-at 
the-time-it-was-sent-t-e4ner it-was-ahnest-6-pm-en-t-he-East-Geastr wher-e-my-lawyer-r-esides, 
Happily-I-wes-ablete-reaeh-hini-aml-he-eenteeted-t-he-University-lowyer-and-Elemanded-a 
legitimate-eantraetualiareeSur-er whith-has-new-eenaplete€14WHI-tais-letten 
-Gencler4ias-was-frequentr Nene-ef-the-suppeFfing-statements-previded-by-any-ef-my-rnale-eelleagues 
whe-wece-intimately-familiar-with-the-werkings-and-atmesphere-ef-Q4gins-were-inetuded-in-the 
UnWersity-detereinetien-regerding-the-ellegetiens-irwestige
oes-eleirned-I-wes-sexiet 
when-I-Elesepieefl-te-nay-staff--the-histefieally-aeeurate-faet-that-the-rnevement-fer-gay-ancl-lesbian-Fights 
really-took-m-tnenientein-14-Y-C—when-gayinen-began-te-puttlielr preteetrAnel-se-ent. 
-Deuble-stanilanis-wece-appliedr I-WaS-lield-aeeountable-for-liet-cepecting-appacent-hacasotnent-about 
which I was unaware. Meanwhile a complainant who claimed that she had heard about apparen4 
haressment-by-cne-8-yeacs-eaclier-Ea-elaica-that-later-tocnecl-eut-te-be-falsel-was-net-held-sicnilarly 
accountable: 
Mereecer—iln-an-aetion-conliseent-of-Ag4r the-Unicecsity-luts-ecased-all-ecklenee-that-the-oeigins 
Prejeet-ever-happenerben-its-web-pages,What-rnakes-this-pactieular-ly-tragie-is-that-the-RFejeet-had 
buill-up-a-remackable-stereheuse-ef-rnateFial-of-gceet-intecest-antl-relevanee-feereseaceheter atudents;
teaehersr ancl-the-genecal-public-en-as-webeiter:6:41-these-with-the-ceseucces-that-should-be-available-fer 
studentsr edueateFsr ancl-theteneral-publier are-now-absent-en-the-UniveFsity-siteWhy?—I-assume4t 
beeeuse-ray-pFesenee-incesed-reuell-ef-the-melecie
gitelne-en-yee-fer4eeicling-thet-publie-imege-is 
mece4capectant-than-substance-acal-beneftt-fer-the-ooniniunity 
4inallyr througheut-this-preeessr l-niainteinecl-eenfulentiatityr as-cequestedr even-thougli-it-was 
inereclibly-cliffieult-net-te-speak-aboot-what-l-felt-te-be-outcageous-ancl-inapprepAate-goings-ocEat-the 
Unieecsay,-Yet-the-Universily-showeil-ne-suell-cestcaintrIndeech-when-it-suned-theer and-when-that 
uhimately-kelped-iFredeernalaly-clestfey-my-reputatienr er-eempremise-the-passieiliefref-unbiased 
eenelusienerthe-University-ehese-te-speele-te-the-press-ebeut-thereeess-Or-leek-infermalien-ebeut4he 
pr-eeessAndeedriust-last-weekria-the-raidst-ef-414e-Geneiliatien-preeessr fec-reasens-knewn-enly-te 
yourselfr yeu-
11-ehese-te-infeen-the-Stare
t-the-Dean-liael-requested-my4ismissal-in 
Jolt  1-clo-not-see-how-that-is-at-all-eonsistent-with-ln-se-ileinglett-unneeessacily-eamprotnised-the 
Ceneiliatien-preeessr anEat-fuFther-Elainaged-rny-reputatien, 
During-the-past-year the-univecsityr ancl-yeur hayeASIJ-kas-passed-up-numereus-eppeFtunities-te 
bekave-respensiblyr hurnanelyr and-fair-Iy-tewaffk-nler with-ne-apparent-iaterest-ia-preteeting-my-Fights 
er-my-dignitylzeueeffwe-hes-previcle44iRle-er-Fie-leaclership-te-ensure-e-just-enel-feiepreeess,Reileet 
fec-a-Enernent-en-hewieu-weelel-wishieur-self--ancl-yeur-famity-te-be4reateel-ia-similar-eiceunistaneesT
eehew-ell-etheeUniversiPfrentleyees-weakl-wertt-te-be-Reeteckentl-hew-34813/4 arlieles-sheaki-be 
EFTA00812441
--- PAGE 8 ---
reshaped-te-preteet-themlf-faeulty-at-ASI.1-fmd-thet-innuende-and-unattbstantieted-atlegations-are 
sufficient-te-destroy-their-academic-carcers-at-the-UniveFaity-they-will-think-twiee-abeut-temainingr l-f 
students-and-parents-leam-that-the-grel-funetions-as-a-kangaroo-cour-tr the.frmay-eitoose-te-ge 
elsewhere: 
44-is-unfectunete-that-this-letter-has-had-te-be-harshr but-I-think-it-is-teuthfull-have-net-meant-te-be-haralt-
but-rather--tfuthful—te-tell-you—senteene-I-have-lenown-for--veacs-how-this-process-affeeted-me-and-how
1-think-it-needs-to-be-ehangtelrIts-harshneosMa•-stands-in-revecse-measuce-to-the 
relationship-with-the-University-and-its-senier-administration-before-this-yearrEven 
as-I-telleet-en-all-we-have-dene-herer  and-a-deeade-over-winehI-ean-look-baek-and-feel-prood-te-have 
been-an-setive-pact-of-the-A-8,14-eemmunityr wefking-with-interity-and-dedieation4hat-have-now-beth 
been-se-vieleasly-questiened-and-disparagedr  is-n-any-wonder--1-now-feel-n-weald-be-unsofe-fer--me-to 
sontinoe-my-aotive-teashingr  researeb-and-sengee-aetivities-en-eampus—at-this-peintpast-the-end-ef-this 
aeadentietear-7 
Thank you in advance for your consideration in this regard. As I look back advanee-for-tteeepting 
ensucing-a-bettec-futace-fer-the-University-community 
decade during which I can feel proud to have been an active part of the ASU community, working 
with integrity and dedication, I hope my decision to retire can ultimately further aid you and others to 
continue to try to make ASU a better place for the free and open pursuit of knowledge and education. 
Sincerely, 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
EFTA00812442

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812443.pdf
----------------------------------------
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
October 20, 2018Octobor 14, 201 g 
Michael Crow 
President, Arizona State University 
PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Dear Michael 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
P.O. BOX 871404 
AND SCIENCES 
TEMPE, AZ 8S287-I404 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
I am writing this confidential letter  to infeFm-yeu-ef-my-derrisien-request  to retire from my position 
as Professor in the School of Earth and Space Exploration and Physics Department at ASU at the end 
of this academic year, May 16, 2019, and will move on to explore new challenges outside of ASU after 
that. Fellewing-my-retirement-1-will-take-advantage-ecall-standar-d-Fetirement-benefits, 
Following the unfortunate abrupt cancellation by the University of the Origins 10'h anniversary 
celebration in March and the more recent termination of The Origins Project— the creation and 
leadership of which, along with the creation and leadership of a Cosmology Initiative in the Physics 
Department and School of Earth and Space Exploration were what drew me to ASU in 2008—there is 
less cause to induce me to try to remain here after this academic year. 
In addition, my recent experience at the University, following the publication of unfounded and 
inappropriate allegations against me by an online tabloid has also left me feeling disillusioned. I 
perceive these experiences to have included violations of due process, disregard for evidence, 
discrimination and bias, violation of ABOR regulations, and an environment associated with the 
investigation and the communication and resolution of issues that that was by turns either hostile, 
disingenuous or unresponsive. I have described some of my concerns in detail to you documents I sent 
you on August 24'h and 28'h and 30th appealing the Dean's recommendation of dismissal and contesting 
the Provost's determinations based on the determinations from the Office of Equity and Inclusion. In 
spite of this, I would only have the opportunity at the University to directly challenge the verity of 
claims made against me by accusers if I first agreed to be dismissed by you. I have chosen instead to 
retire. 
As far as I am aware, not a single one of my students, faculty colleagues, any staff member in my 
academic departments, postdoctoral researchers, or any of the thousands of participants in our Origins 
events over the past decade has complained to the University about my behavior. Nevertheless, my 
recent experiences suggest to me that I would not experience a safe or nurturing environment to 
continue my active teaching, research and service activities on campus in the long term regardless of 
the outcome of any appeal process. 
I look back on decade during which I tried to make a positive contribution to the ASU community 
through what I felt was integrity, dedication, and hard work. It has pained me to see those features and 
my contributions questioned. 
EFTA00812443
--- PAGE 2 ---
I think it would be useful to reflect on what lessons my experience might provide that could 
influence broader actions that you could take to improve the functioning of the University and produce 
a safer and more productive environment for others at ASU. I plan to discuss these issues and some 
proposals in more depth in a separate letter I will send you in due course. 
Thanks for your attention to this letter. 
As4his-reticement-may-be-mrlest-oppeEtunity4e-eerrespend-witli-yeu-before-l-retirer  I-N,tant-te-relate4e 
yeEbmy4houghts-and-pereeptiens-fellowing-my4eeacle-at4he-Universityr I-am4rankb“eutfagedr  but 
my-pumese4lece-is-set4e-dispapage4he4nstitution-of-anyene4n-ik of-simply4ea.,entr DuFing-the-past 
yearr  ne-one4a-the-Univecsity4elministfation4les-eskeel4or-feetlbaele-on4my-e*pecienee,This-is-pechaps 
my-se4e-oppoftunity4e-de-se-and-l-hope4hat-mtrefleetiens-wi4l-e.neeurage-aetiens-that-ean-positively 
impeet-enAleaS.U1s-fttture-an€141elp-betteesafeguefdihe-Univefsity-and-its-eemmunity: 
1-recognize414at-beeatise-of-myiiigh-publie-pfekler the-saffent-edimater  anil-the-signifteant-pub4ieityr  the 
University-.;eas-tmEler-great-pressoce-te-ensure4hot-my-ease-reaehed-o-pFe-ortleined-eone4usion;
independent-of Sevideneer  Orr  in-m5“ease-the4aolEocevideneerA ceneefted-effeFt-by-a-grodp-of 
individuals-to4mpogn-my4ategfity-N,tes-nietwrith-Ufrivecsity-tieletions-ef-dtte-pfeeessrignoring 
evidencer  ektreme4iasr  disteftien.sr.4elation-ocABOPrregulationsr  hostile-aotionsr  and-an-Offiee-ef 
Equity-and-InelusienaAish-is-eut-oceentrolr  that-your-administfation-sitpported,This-sets4 
preeetlent4hot-must-net-be-repeatedr  for-the-%./ell-beent of-eyetyone-at,4SL/:—Someenewatil-entegfity 
it4eem4o-do-that
needed4e-ovefsee-thisreeess andloweertain4Ldicla 
r
, 
Yewbreught-n4e44ere4o-ereate-anel4ead4he-Ocigins-PFojeet-and-oreate-anfl-help4eadenew-oesmolegy 
initiativer  reefoit-weFlel-renowne44aemItyr  and-oreate-nev.,-researeli-and-teashiagpfegramsr  and4-am 
etoite-preuel-efAirkatAide-aeeemplisheel,Over4he-past-deeecle4he-n,tost-talente4-and-iiAtteatiel-seientists 
and-sehelaps-iti-the-werld-have-g.Fased-eur-sampus4n-dezeas-ef4fackselisc-iplina
ecksheps-and 
asseeiated-events4hat-brokenewtround4eehigheeedueatienr Ofigins-publie-pregrams-have-been 
witnesseel-by4iteral4y-m.i44iens-ef-peopler  and-e*eiting-nev.“resear-oli-and4eaching-pregrams4tave-been 
oreatekl4n-Ofigins-and4n-Physies-and-SESEr and-novic-bigkr qualit5“stuelents-ktave-beefi-reentited-and 
exposeel4o-tat4y-tfonsfectlIational4ountlatienal-eoneeptsrlti-the-preeessr  the4atematiertal-aeademie 
prefFle-and4istinetien-ef-ASI.Lwas-signifteantitraised, 
But4he-Univer-sit,“has-been-wi44ing4e4hrow-inost-ecthis-away-merety4e-eater-4e-appeacanees-during-a 
tiffie-a-nee-pur4tan-meml-panie-Yeuanow4hat-netesingle-ene-ef-my-studentsr  ne-staffin-any-ef-my 
aeoelemie-depoftmeetsr  none-ofmr faeolty-eolleaguesr  none-e•fmr postcloeterel-reseaFeher  end-net-a 
single-paFtieipant-in4-host-ofOri.gins-events-over-4hepast4eeadesilas-oomplained4e4he-Univefsity 
abeut-mrbehaviefr my4eaehingr  eemrreseftrehr Quite4he-eentcapy
liAest4mportentr  yetralso4now 
mer YetEhave-witnessecl-n4.y-behaviefr  and4now4hat-l-am-Ftet-the-peen-being-painted-by4he-press 
and4he-OEI. 
The-Og-P.vise-investigatecl-a4oelieroos-elaim4bat-has-been-dismissed-b)“ether-institutiens,‘,Neman 
eti-a-vendette-ektims44euehed-the-brettat-ef-ttnether-Nvemon-tleping-a-selfie-phetegraph-at-a-privote 
atheist-reeeptien-in4.4elbeumeg—I-have4aken4iterally4ens-of4housands-ef-selftes-..vith4ans-ovec-the 
past4eeader  without-a-single-ether-eemplaintThe4n4iviclua4-..,#ho-was-alleged4y4eushed-refused4o 
file-a-eemplaifitr  refaseEl4o-steggest-she-‘iies-o*ietimr  and-svhefl-finellreenteeted-hy-0€44efused4o 
Eliwtge-14er-klentity!—T.Ile-semplainant-has-been-shewn4eilay.e-lied-abeut4e5,-faotsr  and4he4ey-b.it-ef 
EFTA00812444
--- PAGE 3 ---
al
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
P.O. BOX 871404 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
AND SCIENCES 
TEMPE, AZ 85287- I404 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
pketegFaphie-eWrienee-she-presented-wirns-eEn-net-te-suppeft-her-elaini-at-allr She-has-sinee-elairned 
thet-the-en4y-ether-elleged-witness-imewieweil-by-the-GEkves-net-e-witness-e4-ellr And-in-erder-te 
justify-even-eensiElering-this-nensenser the-gniversity-rnaeles-the-ludiereus-elaim-that-my-aRenelanee-a4 
this-eyent-wes-sepperted-end-sperisered-brA-SU-rovhen-ttette-ef-my-reund-tfip-trevel-between-the-Uftited 
States-and-Auswaka4ravel-te-the-event-was-suppeHecl-by-the-University-ankl-Fny-hetel-expenses-and 
leeal4ranspeFtanen-were-paid-by-the-erganizers
-The-University-did-pay-fer-paFt-ecniy-travel-le-Thave 
that location during my trip and go to Canberra, where you know I collaborate with colleagues at Mt. 
A..d
Melbettnie-I-eeekl-ierrve-the-eventr meet-eelleagees-el-the-Universitrthereend-else-eet-end-werk-in-my 
hetel,This-was-as-Enueh-a-Univesiefrevent-as-nly-geing-te-a-Festaurant-witli-nly-wife-during-the-ternaT
when-the-Idniveraifris-paying-rnerAnel-64nel-arnazintheieieker-is-that-the-Prevest-speeifieally-said 
tee-rne-the4-eyetything-I-der anywhere-I-4e-itr represerns4he-Lielversity-beeeese-I-heye-e-publie-prefile, 
Se-the-University-ean-peliee-anything-I-de-and-anywhere-I-ele-itr If--the-feeulty-at-the-University-feund 
etn-thet-if-ther eehieve-seffieient-preminenee-they-sueldeftly-beeeme-vulnereble-le-incliseriminete 
University investigation of any claim by anyone, anywhere, no matter how ludicrous, you won't have 
many-prefainent-faeulPfrIeR, 
When-a-beearne-elear-te-Prazerseed-thwing-their-traling-that-the-gniversily-weelel-be-unlikely-te-take 
eny-seriees-eetien-unless-they-fettnd-semeene-te-eemplein-irtside-the-Uneversityrthey-fettnd-disgrttntleel 
femer-staff-ef-O4gias-te-make-a-eembinatien-ef-ludiereusr ancl-demenstrably-falser elainmr whieh-QE4 
entertained-with-etn-an-eunee-ef-skepneism-er-legierAfter-deekling-we-weulel-Fen-an-event4e-explere 
the-seienee-ef4rawsgeniler-issees-re-the-senie-time-es-the-bethreem-debeele-in.-NeFth-Gereliner l-em 
labeled-as-genuier-biased?-Why?--Beeauee-at-sese-peint-Elur-ing-eur-pFeparatiens-I-bring-te-rny-stafr-a 
efternien-e-NewAr-Orle-T-inies-rnegeeine-spreed-en-werisgeneler-eettrtles-end-I-peint-eut-thet-transgencler 
peeple-ean-be-eatrenwIy-aRraetivel—When-praising-a-tranegencler-speaker-(witli-whern-I-Etevelepecl-a 
highly-respeetfui-relanenship-cluFing-eur-events)-after-she-pushes-the-eage-ef-the-envelepe-in-her 
requests-fer4revel-entl-leilgingT-I-sey744e-hes-bells7;-My-steffr ell-eduks-whe-have-been-trained-te 
think-eutsiele-the-berranel-speak-anel-debate-Fespeetfully-elwing-eur-greup-rneetingsr laugh-fas-dees-the 
speeker-leteewhen-1-/ell-heethejeke-I-mid-ebete-her*bufseniehew-thm-is-else-teken-es-heraseingq 
When-duriagestaff4uneh-we-are-talking-visual-thawing4Ilusiens-I-Elemenstrate-the-enly-ene-I-eetthl 
produce which I say was a silly ♦rick using set a f-sk t-the., learned ,o draw in grade scheel , 
transforming a box into a book into a music stand into a light bulb, into the figure below, and I am 
accused
EFTA00812445
--- PAGE 4 ---
Thenr when4he-samesteffinembeedeseribe-suppesed-lwesement-efethefs-thitt-therobserve—
desepieing-hew-I-disFespeeted-and-peked-in-the-ehest-a-respeeted-female-seientist-fwhe4-reenlited-te 
eeme-te4414-fer-an-eventr and-reesited-tejein-an-anether-Ofganizatien-I-was-thair-efBr during-ene-ef 
OUF-OrigiFis-events-fer-exemple—eneenakt-the-ereek-Ogl-iipsestigater-desides-it-is400-amell-tfetible 
te-itetually-seek-emt-the-individuabinnviestiewand-ask-them4cit-aesally-happened—until-I-fereed-the 
issue--kedinther-te-diseevec-that-the-puverted-vietint did--in-feet-say-it-never-happenedAncl-even 
after--I-de-the-legwer-kr and-the-weman-in-questien-vehemently-sentradiets-that-daim—tist-the 
investigateFsr whe-Enhave-been-tfained-te-always-believe-aseuseffir deektertheferis4}e-reasensaw 
no-reasen-teluestien-the-efeelibiletref-ether-Itidiereus-ektif,as-Fnede-by-the-seee-inthwidual 
fefaieF-empleyee7
Ne-instanees-ef-unwanted-teathina•frinapprepciate-sexualrepesitiensr “'n-shecknething-that 
smasks-echaFassment-at-all-at-the-Univesityl—But-apparently-gently-addressing-the-attife-ef-a-student 
intern-whe-is-inappreffiete-dresseel-at-an-Origies-evefitr and-whe-went-en-te-wethed-fer-Ofigins-fep-a 
yeatatec-witheat-ineident-was-vieweel-as-aii-example-ef-seveFe-and-pemieiousr when-sweh-a-cenelusien 
was-neeessely-feeareeesswoheretttili-appeared40-bere-erditineth 
Beth-the-Dean-and-Genefal-counsel-wer-e-Faade-aware-eclittizzFeedis,-elaims-duping-their-five-5-inenth 
perie€1-444fellingr and-iiii-a-pfivate-nweting-in-Deeembef-they-reeegnieel-what-they 
Hnsubstantiated-smear-taeties-inveking-unsubstantiatedr elubieusr and-semetimes-ethewise-innesueus 
allegatiesr But-ifrthis-new-werldr the-same-Dettn-nev,“hes-deekled-that-the-semeset-ef-ludiefetts; 
falser tfMakand-unsuppeneehelaiwts-are-sufgeiently-seveFe-and-pefvasive-te-waffaiit4ismissal-?-11-is-a 
sad-siteatien-when-Univeskies-abandon-reasear evideneer henestyr and-duerpresess-in-faver-ef-a-publie 
shew, 
And4hat-is-the-seddest-and-pethapsinest-disgusting-aspeet-elthe-eherede-the-Univesity-deseibes-as-an 
4nvestigatient feliewed-by-a=eletersinatien
eeusatiens-afe-shielded-and-evidenee-is-withhelel-frem 
the-aseasedr Othes-aed-i-were-badgered-with-inappfepeate-and-hestile-questionsr an44-was-enly 
previ4ed-with-the-detailed-aeettsations-andeidenee-afteethe4wiestigater-hadAFGWR-her-eeneittsiens 
and-eempleted-her-investigatienrAnd-these-eenehisiens-ceuld-net-be-appealeell—And-P-4
_
fter-4 
previded-new-exertipatety-evitlenee-te-the-Prevest-tfrafge-hem40-hy-antl-bring-seme-sense-te-the 
preeessr he-Fefuse4s4e-reepen-the-investigatienr efras-far-as-I-Gan-seer even-read-awbundestand-what4 
presented, 
TheaAelatiens-of-due-preeessr ef-standards-ociatittiefreleteffainatien
deneer ability-te-er4se 
exemine-witnesses-inherem-in-the-GE44freestigatien-sets-ttn-extemeir defigereus-stendardr and-ene-thet 
lanew-the-Pederal-Gevemment-and-the-Ceuas-are-eurcently-investigating-aeress-the-eeuntej1/2
Allewing-a-single-investigatec-fiver unsupeeAsed-Fein-te-act-with-impunityr and-te-th
eenelusiens 
that-eennet-latec-be-guestienedr is-a-reelpe-fer-disester-and-injustieerend-ASU-viiii
-ealled 
te-task-for-it-at-seme-point-if-yeu-de-net-restnietuFe-the-way-yeu-hand4e-Fnatter-s-like44iis7 
And-then-there-is-Efin-Ellisen-the-DiFeeter-Of-OEI—Abeut-her—I-will-simply-sav-thisyett-should-pay 
eaFeful-attentien-te-hew-she-RIFIerthat-effiee-and-appfeashes-these-eases: 
ln-my-opinienr Er-ili-Ellisonr the-Dir-eetor-ef-Orar is-a-diseneeerShe-nee4s-to-be-investigated-and 
possibly-suspendedrif-this-letter-ean-be-eensideredtafreffteial-eemplaintreffitsider-it-te-be-the 
easei—The-most-generous-deseriptions-of-her-aetions-that-I-ean-cOffie-ap-with-inekide-the-words 
biasedr hestiler ineempetentr and-dishonest—Matterneyr who-I-had-te-employ-at-great-rmanelal 
cost because Ms. EHison often refused to even answer-mv questions about process until he 
eentaeted-hef3-has-litigated-easefrat-Universities-afOUREI-the-counfr!rhas-said-he-has-neseer 
EFTA00812446
--- PAGE 5 ---
NU
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
ARIZONA 
STATE UNIVERSITY 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
Y.O. BOX 871404 
AND SCIENCES 
TEMPI-.A285287-1404 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
intereete4-with-an-elfwial-that-hestile-and-uneeoper-alker ReutinebLshe-lied-te-ethers-and-nte 
abeet-the-preeess—On-one-ease-shetsured-thal-her-offiee-did-not-ge-out-and-seek-individeals-to 
solieit-complaints-abottt-me-bet-in4he-doeumentation-I-was-pswided-after-the-kwestigatien-was 
eempleted-there-isitn-entail-from4anitary-where-Msralisen-writes-te-thrafeed-te-try-and-soliek 
names-of-pessible-Lln4vefsity-employees4vho-tkey-M4y-have-eoataeteth—On-another--eeeasion-ske 
asked-ene-of-m3!Lemployees-for-a-seeend-in.ter
chieh-she-elaimed-she-weeld-simpi3!Lfollew 
ap-on-some-issues-itheut-me-that-she-hati-dealt-with-in-the-first-iftterviewr and4hen-when-the 
employee-appeared-fer-the-intervie%41+e-employee-was-cenfrent-fer-2-hears-witli-aecusations 
tthetti-Iter-behavierl—When-traestiening-nte-about-allegationsvmany-ef-whiehi-wits-net-provided 
with-in-thetastr she-would-often-provideme-only-part-ef-the-evidenee-in-her-possessioar  hoping-to 
trip-me-uprAnd4a-drawing-her-eonelusions-she-did-not-provideme-aneppertenities-to-difeetly 
question-individuals-invelved-er-refieh-ou4-to-third-peties-whemight-be-able-to-invatidateelaimth 
in-her-report-ske-glosse4-overr ignore4r or-diseounted4adkiduals-whose-impressien-of-events-at 
Grigiits-differed-from-these-of-the-iteettsers-Atehose-to-believer She-never-ntetitn-aeettsation-site 
didalt-likei-ineleding-her-outrageetis-determination-that-thethetegrapIt-belovrFetwesented-an 
example-ef-hafassment-by-meriter--Foler as-She-eapries-it-eutr is-eleari not-te-e*plorethe-trathr of 
preseme-iimeeeneer bet-te-demenstrate-guiltrShe-strikes-metan-inappropriate-person-te-be 
employed-a4-0E43-mueh-less-te-lead-it 
ThOr4-are-a-h084-Ocether-akises-expeFieneed-at-the-kands-ef-the-Univer-sity-ever-the-pasttear-that-have 
served-net-enly-te-help-destrey-my-reputatienr but-sacily-alse-have-dismantle-the-legaey-and-inipaet-of 
QFigins—abuses-that-semetises-net-eelya4e4ate-ASQR-pekeiesr but-alse-free-speeeh-pightsr ete 
process rights, and common decency. as I outlined in depth in my appeal of the dceiaiem 
Here-aFe-a-few-that-I-think-should-Enake-yeu-ashamed, 
I was put on administrative leave at 130 pm March 6th without warning, even though an investigation 
had-been-engeing-fer-evec-3-weeks-whieli-had-wat-Etneevered-dangereus-Or-disFuptive-behavier-in-any 
of my academic departments. ABOR 6 201 regulations imply I was supposed to be able to confront 
allegatiens-befere-sueh-a-leave-is4eveseclYet-within-an4404:11-4he-Universitsfrkad-sent-eut-a-press 
EFTA00812447
--- PAGE 6 ---
relettse-pieked-up-by-the-New--Yerk-Times-and-others4httEdeseribed-the-Universiry-ttetion-and 
effectively-hung-me4n-the-ceurt-ofpublic-epinienr resubing4n-immediate-negative-acrions-by-ether 
erganizatiens-l-anr-asseeiated-with,ABOR-6-20-1-states-that-everi-in-the-ease-ef-enrergeneyr when-the 
President-ean-impese-suebeleaver the-indlyidual-involved-ratrat-be-allowed-to-e0Rfreet-allegations 
withiti-1-5-daysr That-never-happened: 
-With-eensulting-tne-er-tnr staff, thc Origins 10th annivcrsary celebration cvents, planned for April, 
were-eaneetled,My-staff-was-wel4-aware-ef-the-breering-Etuce.Feerl-srnear-eanwaignr and-we-had 
arranged-sentingeney-plans-fer-all-events-se-l-weuld-ner-be-i.nvelvedr But-no-one-at-the-University-ever 
asked-abeat-these-befere-unilateralbfreaneelling-the-eyentsr and-disewired-over-6-5-fwetninent-aeadenties 
and-celebrities-were-had-arranged-te-anend-the-eventsr nene-of-whern-had-cancelled-because-ef-the 
BuenFeedastory:440Fe-tragie-still-was4he-feet-that-theitlanned-event-for-8-Nebel-L-aureetes-to-speak-teit 
greup-ef-over-140G-inner-eity-students-at-Nerth-High-Schoel—an-event-that-surely-woold-have-changed 
serneiives-fer-the-better—was-sumnarily-eancelled-by-the-University-when-the-University-cancelled 
the-eeletwatienr evert-thouglr-tny-staff-had-previettsly-effinnrunieared-with-North-High-abour-the 
petential-preblemr and-had-indicated-that-l-would-net-moderate-the-eventr and-as-l-understand-ir-that 
was-tteeeptable-to-Nerth-High:—Se-nrueb-fer-anr alleged-effen-feeASU-te-rettell-eut-to-etherwise 
underserved-populations,And-se-nruch-fer-the-bard-INEW-k-ef-a-staff-ef-7-innecent-peeple-who-had 
deveted-aiear-ef-their-life-to-predueing-semething-vrenderful-for-ASUr the-greater-Phoenin 
eenwattnityr ancl-the-world: 
--Theatielations-ef-dtterseess-that-began-witli-the-impesitiorref administrative-leave-teek-en 
new depth with the OEI investigation as I have described, and continued after it was completed. 
That-l-was-not-given-aceess-to-accusations-and-evidence-until-after-the-proceeding-was-coneluded:
ectuld-net-eress-examineranil-in-many-eases-was-not-tokl-the-identity-of4vitnessesrand-could-not 
appeal-its-eenelustens-was-sornething-that-Stalifrwould-have-beert-pread-efrbut-is-disgusting-te 
see-in-an-tnstltotion-that-is-supposed-to-herald-free-srreeehr tnntual-respeet-and-enllghtenrnent 
at-every-stage-of-interaction-the-University-ereated-a-hestile-adversarial-environment-and 
exerted undue, unfair, and illegal pressure on-others and myself. Just last week your office gave 
me-2-heers-te-eetne-te-eentraetual-agreementateitit-the-Uttiversity-lawyers-erra-Cenerliatien 
agreementreven-though-the-reeernmendation-of-the-Gonailiation-cornaittee-was-senne-yeu-a 
week-earlier-and-net-feFwarded-te-me-until-the-elay-befere4his-eutrageous-requestrand-the 
content-of-their-recommendations-was-not-reilected-in-the-details-of-theroposed-agreernent;
and-tnereever-that-l-was-rerteired-te-eleitn-that-nry-lawyer-Intd-M-the-deentnent-evert4hettgh-at 
the-time-it-was-sent-te4ner it-was-aielerat-6-pm-en-the-East-Geastrwhere-my4awyer-r-eside& 
14appily-l-was-able-te-reaeh-hirn-anrl-he-eontaeted4he-University-lawyer-and-demanded-a 
legitimate-eontractual-preeedure7-which-has-now-completed-witli-this-letten 
-Gender-b.ias-was-frequentrNene-of-the-supporting-statenrents-previded-by-any-of-my-nrale-celleagues 
whe-were-intitearely-fandlier-viub-the-werkings-and-atmeerthere-of-Grigins-were-ineluded-in-the 
University-deteffninatien-regarding-the-allegatiens-i.nyestigated-by-QE1,I4-eias-claimed-l-was-senist 
when-l-deseribed-teiny-stacc-the-histeriettlly-tteeurate-faet-that-theinovenient-feegay-and-lesbian-rights 
really-teek-en-rnementuni-in-N-Y-C--when-gay-nren-began-te-publiely-protestrAnd-so-on: 
-Double-standards-were-appliedl-was-held-aeeeuntable-fer-turt-reperting-artisarent-harassment-abeat 
which-l-was-unaware,Meanwhile-a-cemplainant-who-claimed-that-she-had-heard-abeut-apparent 
harassmenr-by-rne-2-years-earlier-(4-alainr4hatiater4urned-eut-te-be-falsel-was-net-held-similarly 
accountable: 
11/2tloreover—iln-an-aetien-remiseenabe-University-has-erased-all-evidenee-tbat-the-Origins 
Prejeet-ever-happened-en-its-web-rtages:--What-rnakes-this-rtartieulerlrtragie-is-that-the-Prejeet-hed 
budt-up-a-remarbable-stereheuse-of-rnaterial-of-great4nteresr-and-relevance-for-researebersr students:
teashersr and-the-general-publicren-its-websiterA41414ese-with-the-reseumes-that-sheuld-be-available-for 
sterner  edueatersr aral-the-general-publierare-now-absent-on-the-Universitr siteWhy-?-1-assutne-ir 
EFTA00812448
--- PAGE 7 ---
MU
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
P.O. BOX 871401 
AND SCIENCES 
rimPE,AZ 85287-K04 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
becange-nly-pregenee-infused-rnueli-ef-the-Fnaterial,Shame-en-yen-fer-deeiEling-that-public—iniage4 
mere-ispeciarit-ilien-sebnienee-and-benefi4-fer-the-eemmunity: 
-Finellyrthreughettt-this-preeessrl-mainifrineil-eenftelentiatity;-its-retteesteckeven-thettgli-it-wits 
inereilibly-Eliffintilt-net-te-speali-abent-what-I-felt-te-be-eutrageens-ancl-inappr-epfiateteings-en-at-the 
University
-Yet-the-Univeffiiiy-showeiii-ne-sueli-restraintrineleeelr when-it-stineil-themr and-when-that 
akimately-lielpetil-iffeikernably-tlestrey-carrepunnienr eeeeinfireinise-the-ressiiiiility-ocanbiesed 
eenelusiensr the-liniver-sity-chese-te-speak-te-the-press-abent-thereeess-Or-leak-infermatien-abeui-the 
preeessincleekittai-last-weelc-in-ihe-miels4-ef-the-Geneiliatien-preeessrfer-reasefts-lenewn-enty-ie 
your-selfryeu
rselfehene-te-infenn-the-Stere-Presfr-that-the-Dean-haiil-requested-my4ismissel-in 
lyrI-Ele-net-see-hew-ihat-is-at-all-sensistent-with-la-se-Eleing-yeu-unneeessapily-c-empremisekl-the 
Geneilietien-preeessrandit-fuctlier-clainage421-nly-repulatien, 
Dufing-the-pesi-yeen-ihe-universityrenfl-yeurintveielairHiestessed-ttp-netneretts-eppectitinties-te 
behave-respensiblyr humanelyr asel-fair-ly-tewar-els-wier with-ne-apparent-intecest-in-preteeting-my-Fights 
er-my-Elignityr Yeur-offiee-has-proviele€14inie-er-ne-leaclecship-te-ensure-a-just-anel-fair-preeessrReileet 
feee-menient-en-hew-yeti-wettliil-wisti-yourself-anfil-yetic-family-te-be-treated-in-similiff-eirettinsienees;
er-hew-all-ether-Univecsity-empleyees-wentel-wani-te-be-tr-eateelr ancl-he
Arghus-polinies-shoulel-he 
resheped-te-preteet-then
If-Feeultr et-AnFA4-ftnd-thel-innuencle-entl-unsubstentieteel-ellegetiees-ere 
suffieient-te-clestfey-their-aeaclemie-eareeffl-M-the-University-they-will-think-twiee-abeut-reniainingr If 
students-anel-parents-leam-Ihat-Ihe-Ogl-funeliens-as-a-kangeree-eeurtr they-niay-eheese-te-ge 
elsewhere. 
:144s-unferIeneteihet-this-lettec-Ires-hed-te-be-Itershr but-I-thinleit-is-truthfull-heve-net-nteent-le-be+ersli-
but-rather--tfuthful—te-tell-yeu—semeene-I-Ilave-knewn-fer-years—hew-this-preeess-affeeted-rne-ancl-hew
4-think4t-aeeds-te-13e-ehanged-geing-ferwardrits-harshness).4ise-stands-in-reverse-rneasure-te4he 
pricle-I-fek-ie-ray-reletiewship-with-the-Univer-say-antl-its-senieeethwirristretien-befere-this-yeer,—Eyee 
as-I-refleet-en-all-we-have-clene-herer anel-a-deeade-ever-whieh-I-ean4eek-beek-ancl-feel-preuel-te-have 
been-an-aetivete*ef-ihe-AtS14-eemintinityrwerkintwith-integrity-and-tleclieetien-that-lieve-nen-beth 
been-se-visieusly-questiened-ancl-elisparagedr is-it-any-wenoiler-l-novrfeel-it-wenbil-be-unsafe-fer--nle-te 
eentinne-my-aniive-teachingr researeh-ancl-sepAce-ac-ti*ines-en-eampustoimpast-the-end-of-this 
iteedenne-year? 
Thank-yeu-in-aclannee-feeiteeetning-tny-reiirentent-requestrantl-fer-ettrefullr eensidering-the-issues 
4-have-raised-hecer with-the-geal-ocensuFing-a-bener-fuiure-fec-the-Univer-sity-communny, 
Sincerely, 
EFTA00812449
--- PAGE 8 ---
Lawrence M. Krauss 
EFTA00812450

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812451.pdf
----------------------------------------
MU
SCHOOL OF EARTH 
& SPACE EXPLORATION 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
October 21, 2018Octobcr 20, 201g 
Michael Crow 
President, Arizona State University 
PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Dear Michael 
COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS 
P.O. BOX 871404 
AND SCIENCES 
TEMPE, AZ 85287- I404 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Professor, SESE and Physics 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
I am-vontaig-this-eenfieential-letter-twrequest to retire from my position as Professor in the School 
of Earth and Space Exploration and Physics Department at ASU at the end of this academic year, May 
16, 2019r and will move on to explore new ehallenges-eutside of MU after that. 
Following the unfortunate-abrupt cancellation by the University of the Origins 10th anniversary 
celebration in March and the more recent termination dismantling of The Origins Project and removal 
of its associated online resources I find there is little reason for me to remain here after this academic 
year. The Origins Project was, after all, the prime reason I relocated to ASU in 2008--the-eFeatien
Physics Department and School of Earth and Space Exploration were what drcw mc to MU in 200g 
there is less cause to induce me to t ' to remain here after this academic year. 
Mitt-addition,my recent experience at the University, following the publication of un€ounded-and 
inapprepriateunsubstantiated allegations against me by an online tabloid has also left me feeling 
personally disillusioned about the University's commitment to a safe and productive working 
environment. During the processes of investigation, determinations, appeal and conciliation, I 4 
perceived these-experienees-te-have-Meluded-violations of due process, disregard for evidence, 
discrimination, and-bias, violation of Arizona  Board oUf Regents fABOR)  regulations, and conduct 
that was at various times ef-paFtieipants-in-these-pmeesses-that-was-unprofessional, adversarial, an 
envirentnent-asseeiated-with-theitivestigatien-and-the-eemmuttieatien-and-reseluntm-eFissues-that-that 
was-by-tams-either-hostile, disingenuous or unresponsive. I have-described some of my concerns in 
detail in the materials I sent  to you deeuments-l-sent-rau-on August 24th and 28th and 30th appealing the 
Dean's recommendation of dismissal and contesting the-determinations from the Provost's 
detenninatiens-based-en4he-detenninatiens-and from the Office of Equity and Inclusion. In spite of 
thislt is my understanding of ABOR regulations that- I would only have the opportunity at the 
University- to directly challenge the veracity of claims made against me by accusers if I first agreed to 
be dismissed by you. I have chosen instead to retire. 
As far as I am aware, not a single one of my students, faculty colleagues, any staff member in my 
academic departments, postdoctoral researchers, or any of the thousands of participants in our Origins 
events over the past decade has complained to the University about my behavior. Nevertheless, my 
recent experiences suggest to me that I would not experience a-sace-er-tainuringm environment in 
EFTA00812451
--- PAGE 2 ---
whiehconducive -to eentinue-continuing  my active teaching, research and service activities on campus 
in the long term, regardless of the outcome of any appeal process. 
I look back on a decade during which I tried to make-a positive contributions to the ASU 
community through what I felt-thought was integrity, dedication, and hard work. It has pained me to 
see-watch  those features-professional characteristics,  and my contributions, questieneddisparaged. 
I think it would be useful for the University's leadership team  to reflect on what lessons my 
experience might provide that could influenee-breaderinforrn actions that-yememild-take-to improve the 
functioning-e€the-University's ability to ensure and-preduee-a safer and mere productive environment 
for others at ASU. I plan-te-dE 
these issues and some prepesals-reecommendations  in 
more depth in a separate letter I will send you in due course. 
I want to close by thanking you for giving me the opportunity to come to ASU to work with you to 
create and build The Origins Project which I think achieved more than perhaps either of us expected 
when you recruited me to the University a little more than a decade ago. 
Thanks for your attention to this letter. 
Sincerely, 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
EFTA00812452

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812453.pdf
----------------------------------------
06/24/2018 
Page 1 of 1 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Date of Image : 07/25/2013 
Florida Department of Law Enforcement - Sexual Offender / Predator Flyer 
Primary Information 
Designation : Sexual Offender 
Name : JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Status : Released - Subject to 
Registration 
Dept of Correction# : W35755 
Date Of Birth : 01/20/1953 
Race : White 
Sex : Male 
Hair : Grey 
Eyes : Blue 
Height : 6'00" 
Weight : 180 lbs 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN is registered as a Sexual Offender. 
Positive identification cannot be established unless a 
fingerprint comparison is made. 
If further information is needed, please contact the Florida Department of 
Law Enforcement EIS-M1OR Offender Registration and Data 
Management at (1-888-357-7332) between the hours of 8:00am and 
5:00pm. Monday through Friday. 
Positive identification cannot be established unless a fingerprint 
comparison is made. 
Any person who misuses public records information relating to a sexual 
predator, as defined in this section. or a sexual offender, commits a 
misdemeanor of the first degree. Please see 775.21(10)(c) for more 
information. 
EFTA00812453

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812454.pdf
----------------------------------------
‘01 
." 
M 
S 
I 
REMIT TO: 
MSI BUILDING SUPPLIES 
3814 Crown Bay 48 
3814 Crown Bay #8 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
ST. THOMAS 
PHONE: 
PHO 
FA≥ 
PLEASE RETURN THIS STUB 
WITH YOUR PAYMENT FOR 
PROPER CREDIT 
PAGE: 1 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
JOB/SITE: 
JOB/SITE: 
MISCELLANEOUS 
CUSTOMER 
DATE 
CUSTOMER 
DATE 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 
00802 
20111 
09/30/17 
20111 
09/30/17 
INVOICE DATE INVOICE NO. 
DUE DATE 
CURRENT AMOUNT 
PAST DUE 
INVOICE NO. 
AMOUNT 
08/03/17 385247I 09/10/17 
103.18 
POI 
385247I 
103.18 
08/03/17 385248I 09/10/17 
78.30 
POI 
385248I 
78.30 
08/10/17 385896I 09/10/17 
4890.95 
POI 
385896I 
4890.95 
08/10/17 385922I 09/10/17 
65.25 
POI 
385922I 
65.25 
08/31/17 387960I 09/10/17 
684.40 
POI 
387960I 
684.40 
09/18/17 390431I 10/10/17 
182.42 
POI AIRPORT HANGER 
390431I 
182.42 
09/26/17 391050I 10/10/17 
12092.94 
POI 
391050I 
12092.94 
09/26/17 391083I 10/10/17 
15318.78 
POI 1 
391083I 
15318.78 
09/26/17 391186I 10/10/17 
33265.07 
POI 
391186I 
33265.07 
09/30/17 S21418I 10/01/17 
58.22 
POI 
S21418I 
58.22 
STATEMENT 
DAYS 
5822.08 
CURRENT 
PAST DUE 
60917.43 
0.00 
5822.08 
DAYS 
DAYS AND OVER 
0.00 
0.00 
TOTAL 
AMOUNT 
DUE 
TOTAL 
AMOUNT 
DUE 
66739.51 
66739.51 
TERMS OF SALE PURCHASER AGREES AS FOLLOWS: All Account balances we Oa al me local °Moe of the Company on or belNe the 10th day of the klbwng month of sale and in delaull if 
nal paid pror lo the 26th day S that month. If account is in default. a de ad< Of late payment charge (1-ATE CHARGE') may be imposed cconputed al tie RATE of 1% per month based on the previous 
urpael balance. winch is an ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE of 12%. If the account is in dvbub ii wif be closed on the 1st clay of the nazi month. ti sicken. reasonable attorneys lees. d placed vAth 
an anorney for collection and the expenses ol oallaclion wit be added ha all cblnquenlaccounls. 
EFTA00812454
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUNW
.YkiESENnflikRORBREMHEO 
COLORWSLOIS/WPSARTIESNRDWPEAR 
NTERIORS 
SUB: 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS B3 00802 
•••" iiimmougul 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHON 
FAX 
www.interiorsvi.com 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
Shipment 
ACCOUNT* 
CUSTOMER P.0.1 
TERMS 
ORDER N 
ORDER DATE 
SLSMN INVOICES iNIVOICEDATE 
20111 
AIRPORT HANGER 
NET 10TH FOLLOWIN 
40432180 
09/18/17 
KEH 
390431 
09/18/17 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED U/M 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
100 
3,5-11 
, 
/fiA 
%CA 
EA 
SIMPSON 1/2"X51/2 WEDGE ANCHOR 
S/S 
1/2X51/2SSWA 
Iil..
 SIMPSON 3X5
HEAVY ANGLE 
GA. 
HL35 
GALV NUT 3/8" H.D.G. 
3/8NUT 
GALV CARRIAGE BOLT 3/8X2-1/2 
SO PER BOX 
3/8X2-1/2GCB 
3.520 
9.320 
0.140 
0.490 
88.00 
55.92 
14.00 
24.50 
September 18, 2017 13:05:5 OT:KEH 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
182.42 
* 
INVOICE 
* 
10 
SY VESTER GIALLARD 
X
SHIP in* 
OTHER 
0.00 
PAGE 1 OF 1 
dams e• returns must be ma wkhinES 
No returns or *Farces veithajt reea 
0.00 
FREIGHT 
0.00 
TOTAL 
182.42 
READ BEF RE SIGNING: Crams kw 
1:T arll NOT Ese allowed unless metees the tiny 0f delivery. All 
day" IO
a
W 
Wept of 0.0d). A 15% rest 
fee aired to all tarns. NO returns without ViOr axon'. 
m c
ms 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00812455
--- PAGE 3 ---
ADTHENTICITYSISB OR BREATHE ON BAR COLOR WILL DISAPPEAR. DEN REAPPEAR 
iniMS1 
II NTERIORS 
SUB: 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE• 
FAX: 
www.msivi.com 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS 83 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
lift ~~IIIr~IIIII~V1~1111V11 
II 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE 
FAX 
www.mteriorsvi.com 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
Shipment 0: 1 
ACCOUNTS 
CUSTOMER P.0.5 
TERMS 
ORDER / 
ORDEREMNE 
SLSMN MIVIMCE/ INVOICE DATE 
20111 
NET 10TH FOLLOWIN 
40432882 09/26/17 
KDM 
391050 
09/26/17 
ORDERED 
MO 
IP 
WM 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
100 
100 LB HEX HEAD WOODSCREW #14 3 1/2" 
25PCS/LE 40LB/BX OF 1000 
31/2HWS14 
10.990 
1099.00 
September 26, 2017 09:39:5 OT:KDM 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
12092.94 
* 
INVOICE 
* 
10 
SYIVESTER GIALLARD 
X Sr/7a"
/
L
',FAO 
SNIP VIA 
OTHER 
0.00 
PAGE 2 OF 2 
claims or return' mull 
No returns or exchanges 
0.00 
FREIGHT 
0.00 
be made "Albin 15 
widutut rertele1 
TOTAL 
12092.94 
DEP 
E SIGNING: Claims tor s 
al NOT be Mowed union Made at me bine of Savory. MI 
OMs
 Ma of goods. A 16% reel 
fee MOM to all returns. NO muted widget 0(o( Stroroml. 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00812456
--- PAGE 4 ---
Ai TPENTIGTvise 04 BREATHE ON BAR COLOR VAIL 0.SAPPE AR THEN REAPPEAR 
M S 
I 
!INTERIORS 
SUB: 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 
PHONE 
FAX: 
www.msnitcom 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS B3 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00807 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE 
FAX 
www.interiorsvi.com 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
Shipment #: 1 
ACCOUNTS 
20111 
COSTOMERP.OS 
TERMS 
ORDERS 
ORDER GATE 
SLSMN INVOICES INVOICE DATE 
NET 10TH FOLLOWIN 
40432882 09/26/17 
KDM 
391050 
09/26/17 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED WM 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
100 
oiet
aocs 
it 
/3 
e.. 
--k/C547
EA 
SHI, 
5# 
CA 
EX 
BX 
SH 
EA 
EA 
2X6X20 #1 PRIME S4S 128PCS/BDL 
TRD 0.05 AG UCA-C 
2X6X T 
NOT ECOMMENDED FOR DECKING USE 
2X 20 #1 PRIME S4S 96PCS/BDL 
0.05 AG UCA-C 
X8X20T 
1/2" AX8 MOLD TOUGH SHEETROCK 
LBS MSF 51.2LBS/SHT 
2SK 
R 
L SCREWS V468 15/8" 
P S PER 5LB BOX 
/ 
KW5 
R . JOINT COMPOUND 5 GALLON 
#10X -1/2" SS LOBE DRIVE DECK BUGLE HEAD 
SCR 
1000 PCS / BUCKET TORX *NOT FOR 
T 
/ SSTX25 
#1 3"SS LOBE DRIVE DECK SCREW BUGLE HEAD 
00/ 
TORX *NOT FOR TREX 
SS 
E GALVALUME 34"X12' 26GA 
GAR 
WHI 
GALVALUME RIDGE CAP 10' 
C CIAN STYLE 
10W 
AQUA GALVALUME RIDGE CAP 10' 
CRUCIAN STYLE 
RC10A 
cir 
)( 
445/
30.790 
38.190 
14.930 
29.320 
21.850 
193.180 
193.490 
71.820 
43.470 
43.470 
3079.00 
2291.40 
746.50 
58.64 
87.40 
386.36 
386.98 
3088.26 
521.64 
347.76 
September 
-- -- 
-
**  
* 
• *  
SYLVESTER 
X cgs 
26, 2017 09:39:5 OT:KDM 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
INVOICE 
• 
**** 
10 
GIALLARD 
,- 
SNIP VIA 
OTHER 
PAGE 1 OF 2 
at the tome al deanery. All ole4ns or returns MUM 
return* wilhaut pro, approval. NO returns Or eXChafballi 
FREIGHT 
DO mode within 15 
wilhOU1 Nebel 
TOTAL 
I 
RFAITBEF RE SIGNING: Clowns I 
shortog ie wis NOT be flowed °Ness meae 
asys alter %carpi 0' poops. A ISt rein 
rg tee aged lo ell returns. No 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00812457
--- PAGE 5 ---
4<iNo‘Y 
AulnENI:Cili8613 OR 8MEArtir ON OAR. COLORWU t DISAPPEAR THEN REAPPEAR 
!INTERIORS 
SUB: 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: 
FAX: 
www.MSIVI.COITI 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS B3 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
INllIIIllIIII 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS US VI 
PHONE 
FAX 
www.interiorsvi.com 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
Shipment It: 1 
ACCOUNTS 
CUSTOMER P.01/ 
TERMS 
ORDERS 
ORDER DATE 
SLSMN INVOICES smoictOATE 
20111 
3. 
Nfi 10TH FOLLOWIN 
40432901 09/26/17 
KDM 
391083 
09/26/17 
ORDERED 
810 
WM 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT_ 
2908.71 
1615.95 
1292.76 
549.50 
817.35 
8134.51 
1071.74 
0.00 
a 
9"......-H-
:071.74 
SH 
SH 
SH 
fri 
BF 
:Lga n
pi...._ 
.44 = 2,g0
VALUME 34'Xl8 26GA 
R 
A 
ALVALUME 34"X18' 26GA 
UA GALVALUME 34"X12' 26GA 
12GARA 
HEX HEAD WOODSCREW #14 3 1/2" 
25PCS/LB 40LB/BX OF 1000 
31/2HWS14 
3X8X16 #1 & BTR S4S 60PCS/BDL 
TRD 0.14 GC UCA-C
3X8X16T 
2" MAHOGANY - DRESSED 
SAPELE / AFRICAN MAHOGANY 
2BM 
PC 2 X 17-3/4 X 14 
107.730 
107.730 
71.820 
10.990 
54.490 
7.590 
4-.a.....2 X 13-1/2 X 14 
PC 2 X 13-3/8 X 14 
-.2 X 13-1/4 X 14 
PQ 2 X 11-1/4 X 14 
X 15-5/8 X 14 
X 22 X 14 
J....2G, 2 X 12-1/4 X 14
'; 2 X 12-1/8 X 14 
X 16 X 14 
PC 2 X 14-1/4 X 15 
...-..---
PC ‘ 2 X 17-1/4 X 1
X 12 X 15 
PC2 X 13-3/8 
PCr. 2 X 14 X 15 
September 26, 2017 10:55:5 OT:KDM 
. 
MERCHANDISE 
• 
INVOICE 
* 
PWAA 
OTHER 
10 
PAGE 1 OF 2 
T
VESTER GIALLARD 
X
FREIGHT 
TOTAL 
READ 8 
RE SIGNING: Claims for 
NOT bo alloweo unless mode at tno time of Oolloary. All CleifitS W ,Murry mold be made w tNn IS 
adv. 00. wee: 0 Goods. A I Mom 
fee sooliee to all returns. No rewens without ono/ Illatooval. No wham la, sunanoul With04O I.CODI 
.,., ...,..... 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00812458
--- PAGE 6 ---
j Or 
AIRRENTICITTetal8 OR BREATHE ON !
I  COLOR WU 3tEAPPEAR ltrErl 
RR S 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHON 
FAX: 
mmvanmvi.corn 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS 63 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHON 
FAX 
www 
eNorsvi.com 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
SUB: 
NEIRMIHMMIIIIIII 
Shipment s. 1 
ACCOUNT * 
CUSTOMER P.01/ 
TERMS 
ORDER it 
ORDER DATE 
SLSMN INVOICE* INVOICE DATE 
20111 
NET 10TH FOLLOWIN 
40432901 09/26/17 
KDM 
391083 
09/26/17 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED URA 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
PC 2 X 17-1/2 X 15 
PC 2 X 16-1/4 X 15 
PC 2 X 17 X 15 
PC 2 X 17-1/2 X 15 
PC 2 X 15 X 15 
PC 2 X 15-3/8 X 15 
PC 2 X 13-1/4 X 14 
PC 2 X 11-5/8 X 14 
PC 2 X 12-3/4 X 14 
PC 2 X 11-1/4 X 14 
PC 2 X 13-3/4 X 15 
PC 2 X 16-1/4 X 15 
PC 2 X 12-5/8 X 15 
PC 2 X 18-5/8 X 15 
PC 2 X 15 X 15 
PC 
September 26, 2017 10:55:5 OT:KDM 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
15318.78 
SHIP VIA 
OTHER 
0.00 
* 
INVOICE 
• 
0.00 
10 
PAGE 2 OF 2 
EJNESTEE 
FREIGHT 
0.00 
made at the time of &Woo y. All ciArns oe 'Awns m.st Os mac* *iron 19 
TOTAL 
15318.78 
$0 AD BL 
SIGNING: Cleirno re 
/roe well Nor DO allowed unless 
an, after Tempt or geode. A 15% r lockup lee arrerord us un retools. No return! AmAOA plot *goal. No fawns or exchanges Wilhata .coat 
n, sacs wm. 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00812459
--- PAGE 7 ---
MAHOGANY PULL LIST 
INVOICE #: 3q/093 
Quantity I Size 
. 
BF Per Piece BF Total 
/ 
2x 
/7X 
X / y- 
11/1. 142 
1 
PZ X /3 1, '
,2 X' A i-
I . 5 0 
/ 
21( d J X 7fI--
i . AI 
/ 
I,Zx /3A. X /
-- 
30. ct ot 
/ 
;( li y A' 19- 
cab . -S-.
iv-- 
X /:5 5.23( 
3L. `4(,
_x 
/ 
2x odx / 
51. 33 
/ 
.21/07X XI V-
,9-.-1". 5T 
/ 
D2 Xio2h X6/- 
,9_55'.g-ei 
I 
$2-X 16 X /- 
37.33 
Pulled BY: 
i(09-cd,p 
BF Grand 
:Total 
343. cz.? 
EFTA00812460
--- PAGE 8 ---
MAHOGANY PULL LIST 
Quantity Size 
INVOICE*: 
'701'8 
BF Per Piece BF Total 
/ 
V117p x/5 
id 13 
02x 42 x /5 
,30.o0 
/ 
..Zx /3 
X/5 
33.414 
O2k 19- x 15 
35D
kOz c /5 
X 
ax 
2x 
16/v_ x /5 
/2 A" 15 
)4 x/5 
/5- X' /6" 
Pulled By: 0
" 4/P
43.75 
315
3150 
BF Grand 
Total 
385,53 
EFTA00812461
--- PAGE 9 ---
MAHOGANY PULL LIST 
INVOICE rk 
i Quantity 
Size 
i SF Per Piece SF Total 
,2X /5l 
A'/ -
I 
i 
31.44 i 
/ 
„z x137 x / 174 • 
I3Ccig-
/ 
xi, 58 xiq 
I.2.7./3 
/ 
X 12 ? x I y- 
t 
.29.75 
/ 
x/r/Li ii-,e. r5<- 
Lli, .9-5-
/ 
..1)(13 /ir X /5 
,3--- en 31.37 
i 
t2.X 
9-
4, x /5 
go. 0 
/ 
.. x/.23-i x/c 
(3/.57, 
r .2 x JA X/5 
4-‘,.5C, 
./ 6.2 X 1.1"x /5.
31.50 g413. a 
Pulled By: 
ierrigtiP 
BF Grand
Total 
" 
/ ‘-' ' i1t. 7'I 
EFTA00812462
--- PAGE 10 ---
ATCAFV AUTHENTICITY/PO OR OREATHE ON 
0.0R W.I. DISAPPEAR THEN REAPPEAR 
I ‘Y 
A 
MS1 
NTERIORS 
SUB: 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: 
FAX: 
www.msivi.com 
SOLD TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS B3 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
3814 CROWN BAY 
ST. THOMAS USVI 008 2 
PHONE 
FAX 
www.un enorsw.com 
SHIP TO 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
MISCELLANEOUS 
CHARLOTTE AMA, VI 00802 
Shipment #: 1 
ACCOUNT I 
CUSTOMER P.0.1 
TERMS 
ORDER N 
ORDER DATE 
SLSMN INV(IMEN INVOICE DATE 
20111 
NET 10TH FOLLOWIN 
40433024 09/26/17 
KDM 
391186 
09/26/17 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED Ul 
DESCRIPTION 
:-. 
PRICE 
AMOUNT 
200 
!:7/00 
2X6X20 #1 PRIME S4S 128PCS/BDL 
30.790 
6158.00 
Prif 
TRD 0.05 AG UCA-C 
2X6X2OT 
a 
NOT RECOMMENDED FOR DECKING USE 
120 
oe, 
2X8X20 #1 PRIME $4S 96PCS/BDL 
38.190 
4582.80 
TRD 0.05 AG UCA-C 
i:g0 
ts/ 2X8X2OT 
3X6X 
#1 & BTR S4S 64PCS/BDL 
T 
0.14 GC UCA-C 
40.890 
1226.70 
i 
SH 
16T 
A A GALVALUME 34"X34' 26GA 
G 
83.790 
3435.39 
6 S 
RE GALVALUME 34"X14' 26GA 
83.790 
670.32 
G 
SH 
ALUME ROOF 26GA 34"X18' 
83.370 
4168.50 
GAR 
SH A 
GALVALUME 34"X20' 26GA 
119.700 
4309.20 
OG 
SH GR N GALVALUME 34"X20' 26GA 
119.700 
5985.00 
GARG 
SH WH E GALVALUME 34"X12' 26GA 
71.820 
718.20 
GARW 
ttttNNN
H WHITE GALVALUME 34"X14' 26GA 
14GARW 
83.790 
2010.96 
X6/
Ieg
September 26, 2017 15:14:2 OT:KDM 
/ 1 
MERCHANDISE 
33265.07 
SHIP VIA 
OTHER 
0.00 
• 
INVOICE 
* 
****** ********* 
0.00 
10 
PAGE 1 OF 1 
SfYLVESTER 
AL 
FREIGHT 
0.00 
.‘) 
%W.:MUV": 
poWMgt ,...241'.."` b°4:?:??.47,771,117.=°.°:01.1r.../1"NT!:;°:°;r1:°°`'°:=1:= 
TOTAL 
33265.07 
OFFICE COPY 
EFTA00812463

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812464.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 33 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/05/2008 Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
NO. 08-80119-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER DENYING MOTION TO STAY 
THIS CAUSE comes before the Court on Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Stay 
(DE 12), filed June 20, 2008. The motion is now fully briefed and is ripe for review. The Court 
has carefully considered the motion and is otherwise fully advised in the premises. 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Defendant") seeks a stay of this civil action under a federal 
statute which reads, in pertinent part, as follows: 
If, at any time that a cause of action for recovery of compensation for 
damage or injury to the person of a child exists, a criminal action is 
pending which arises out of the same occurrence and in which the child is 
the victim, the civil action shall be stayed until the end of all phases of the 
criminal action and any mention of the civil action during the criminal 
proceeding is prohibited. As used in this subsection, a criminal action is 
pending until its final adjudication in the trial court. 
U.S.C. § 3509 (k). In his motion, Defendant cites a state case, Florida v. Epstein, No. 2006 
EFTA00812464
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 33 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/05/2008 Page 2 of 5 
CF 09454AXX (Fla. Cir. Ct. 2008)' and a federal case, In re Grand Jury, No. FGJ 07-103(WPB) 
(S.D. Fla.), that arise out of the same occurrences and are pending and thus require a stay of this 
civil case. The federal "case," according to Defendant, involves a "deferred-prosecution" 
agreement whereby the U.S. Attorney agreed to suspend its investigation of Defendant while 
"retaining the right to reactivate the grand jury." (DE 24.) Defendant essentially reasons, 
because the U.S. Attorney could bring criminal charges against Defendant, that a criminal action 
is "pending." The Court rejects this definition of a "pending criminal action." 
When interpreting the text of a statute, the Court begins with the plain meaning of the 
text. In re Hedrick, 524 F.3d 1175, 1186 (II* Cir. 2008). If the plain meaning of a statute is 
clear, the Court should not deviate from that interpretation. Id. Pending is defined as "remaining 
undecided" and "awaiting decision." Blacks Law Dictionary (8th ed. 2004).2 Likewise, an 
'As Defendant recognizes, the state court case was "finally adjudicated" and thus no 
longer pending as of June 30, 2008. (See DE 12.) 
'Defendant attempts to argue that the fact that grand jury subpoenas are still 
"outstanding" and "not withdrawn" and that the grand jury will not be dismissed until Defendant 
completes his obligations under the state plea agreement means that a "criminal action" is 
"pending." (Def. Reply 4.) Defendant misunderstands the purpose of a grand jury. A grand 
jury, as Blackstone writes, is composed of citizens who "inquire, upon their oaths, whether there 
be sufficient cause to call upon the party to answer" the charge of criminal activity. Beavers v. 
Henkel, 194 U.S. 73, 84 (1904) (quoting William Blackstone, 4 Commentaries *303). The grand 
jury's sole purpose is to inquire into whether there is probable cause to bring an individual before 
a tribunal to determine his guilt or innocence of an alleged crime. Id. The grand jury is simply 
an investigative body. See U.S. v. Aired, 144, F.3d 1405, 1413 (11 Cir. 1998). A "criminal 
action" is not instigated by the calling of a grand jury, because a grand jury is convened "to 
determine whether a crime has been committed and whether criminal proceedings should be 
instituted against any person." U.S. v. Calandra, 414 U.S. 338, 344 (1974). An "action" is 
commenced against a person after the grand jury actually finds probable cause to make an 
individual answer specific charges and renders a bill of indictment against that individual. Until 
a grand jury's investigation is complete and there has been a determination by a lawful authority 
that probable cause exists, there can be no criminal action. 
EFTA00812465
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 33 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/05/2008 Page 3 of 5 
"action" is defined as a "criminal judicial proceeding." Id. Because the U.S. Attorney has not 
filed an indictment or an information against Defendant, the Court fails to see how there is an 
undecided judicial proceeding in federal court against Defendant. 
Defendant argues that this statute should be read to include the definition of "criminal 
action" used in 18 U.S.C. § I595(b)(2), which reads as follows: "In this subsection, a 'criminal 
action' includes investigation and prosecution and is pending until final adjudication in the trial 
court." Defendant argues that "Congress specifically intended that the term 'criminal action' 
would be applied extremely broadly" under § 1595, so Congress "took pains to ensure that courts 
would give it the broadest possible construction" and defined "criminal action" as including 
investigatory stages. (Def. Reply 4.) Defendants argue that the Court should borrow this 
definition. 
The Court disagrees. The Court believes that Congress's inclusion of this broader 
definition under § 1595 evinces Congressional intent to depart from the normal meaning of the 
term "criminal action."' This addition to the text suggests that Congress knows the plain 
meaning of the term "criminal action" and that Congress decided, under § 1595, that the 
definition of "criminal action" should be broader. In contrast, Congress could have made such an 
addition to § 3509 had it intended the mandatory stay provision to apply to pre-indictment 
investigations, but it did not. In other words, by not broadening the definition of "criminal 
action" § 3509, Congress intended that the term should only have its ordinary meaning: that an 
indictment or information has been filed naming a specific defendant. Instead, it seems clear that 
'In fact, Congress made this intent clear by stating that this broader definition of a 
"criminal action" applied only "in this subsection." 
EFTA00812466
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 33 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/05/2008 Page 4 of 5 
Congress intended that these two statutory provisions should each have a different scope. 
Defendant's argument of statutory construction fails. 
The single case cited by Defendant in support of his motion is not on point. In Doe I v. 
Francis, No. 5:03CV260/MCR/WCS, 2005 WL 517847 (N.D. Fla. Feb. 10, 2005), the stay was 
entered because criminal charges had been filed against the defendant in a state court several 
months earlier (i.e., the defendants had been indicted by the state attorney). See Memorandum in 
Support of Motion to Stay Proceedings Pending Outcome of Parallel Criminal Proceedings at 3, 
Doe 1 v. Francis, No. 5:03CV260/MCR/WCS (N.D. Fla. Dec. 2, 2003). The Court agrees with 
Defendant that a stay under § 3509(k) is mandatory when a criminal action is pending; the Court 
simply disagrees that the "deferred-prosecution agreement" constitutes a pending criminal action. 
The Court also does not believe a discretionary stay is warranted. Defendant did not seek 
this relief in his motion; including such a request in the reply brief is inappropriate. Further, the 
Court sees no reason to delay this litigation for the next thirty-three months. After all, Defendant 
is in control of his own destiny - it is up to him (and him alone) whether the plea agreement 
reached with the State of Florida is breached. If Defendant does not breach the agreement, then 
he should have no concerns regarding his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. The 
fact that the U.S. Attorney (or other law enforcement officials) may object to some discovery in 
these civil cases is not, in an of itself, a reason to stay the civil action. Any such issues shall be 
resolved as they arise in the course of this litigation. 
Accordingly, it is ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
I. Defendant's Motion to Stay (DE 12) is DENIED. 
2. Defendant's Motion for Hearing (DE 27) is DENIED AS MOOT. 
EFTA00812467
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 33 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/05/2008 Page 5 of 5 
3. Plaintiff's Motion for an Extension of Time to File Response (DE 18) is GRANTED NUNC 
PRO TUNC. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 4ih day of August, 2008. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
all counsel of record 
EFTA00812468

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812469.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK Document 56 Filed 09/26/17 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
X 
JANE DOE 43, 
Plaintiflks), 
NOTICE OF COURT CONFERENCE 
-against-
EPSTEIN, 
civ 616 (JUK) 
Defendant(s). 
To All Parties, 
You arc directed to appear for a pretrial conference, to be held on Tuesday, October 10, 
2017, in Courtroom 128, at 10:30am in front of the Honorable John G. Kochi. 
AU requests for adjouramcnts must be made in writing to the Court. 
For any further information. please contact the Court at (212) 805-0107 
---- Th
e" 
Courtro( 
se Manager 
Dated: New York, New York 
September 26, 2017 
1;tiisr.: 
11OOc:wt.; 
I Dec 
_ 
EFTA00812469

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812470.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 0:16-cv-61742-BB Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/21/2016 Page 1 of 7 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 
PRIVILEGE UNDERWRITERS RECIPROCAL 
EXCHANGE d/b/a PURE INSURANCE, 
a Florida corporation, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, d/b/a 
MASSACHUSETTS BAY INSURANCE 
COMPANY, a Massachusetts company, 
Defendant. 
COMPLAINT 
Plaintiff, Privilege Underwriters Reciprocal Exchange d/b/a PURE Insurance ("PURE"), 
sues Defendant, The Hanover Insurance Group, d/b/a Massachusetts Bay Insurance Company 
("Hanover") and alleges as follows: 
Parties, Jurisdiction and Venue 
1. 
This is an action for damages in excess of $75,000 exclusive of interest, 
attorneys' fees and costs. 
2. 
Plaintiff, Privilege Underwriters Reciprocal Exchange d/b/a PURE Insurance, is 
an insurance company organized under and incorporated in the State of Florida, with its principal 
place of business located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 
3. 
Defendant, The Hanover Insurance Group, d/b/a Massachusetts Bay Insurance 
Company is an insurance company organized under and incorporated in the State of New 
Hampshire, with its principal place of business located in Massachusetts. 
4. 
This Court has jurisdiction pursuant to 28 USC § 1332 because the parties are 
diverse and the amount in controversy exceeds $75,000, exclusive of interest and costs. 
EFTA00812470
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 0:16-cv-61742-BB Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/21/2016 Page 2 of 7 
5. 
Venue is proper in this judicial district as the underlying acts giving rise to the 
underlying action occurred in Broward County, Florida. 
General Allegations 
6. 
PURE issued a Homeowners Insurance policy to Alan M. Dershowitz 
("Dershowitz") bearing policy number HO023861902, covering policy period September 1, 2014 
through September 1, 2015, with limits of $500,000 per occurrence (the "PURE Policy"). A 
copy of the PURE Policy is attached as Exhibit A. 
7. 
Hanover issued a Business Owners Insurance policy to Dershowitz bearing policy 
number ODN-9000110 and covering policy period April 9, 2014 through April 9, 2015 (the 
"Hanover Policy"). The Hanover Policy has limits of $1,000,000 per occurrence/$2,000,000 
aggregate. 
During the course of the Underlying Lawsuit, PURE requested, on multiple 
occasions, that Hanover provide a copy of the applicable Hanover Policy. Hanover ultimately 
only provided a copy of the renewal Hanover Policy, which is attached as Exhibit B. Upon 
information and belief, the policy language in the renewal Hanover Policy is identical to the 
applicable Hanover Policy. 
8. 
On January 6, 2015, Dershowitz was sued in the lawsuit styled Bradley J. 
Edwards, et at v. Alan M Dershowitz, Case No. CACE 15-000072, Circuit Court, Broward 
County, Florida (the "Underlying Lawsuit"). 
9. 
The Underlying Lawsuit was a high profile case against a public figure, alleging 
defamation claims against Dershowitz by attorneys Bradley J. Edwards and Paul G. Cassell 
relating to their litigation against Jeffrey Epstein. 
10. 
PURE and Hanover participated in the defense and eventual settlement of the 
Underlying Lawsuit, which was completed on April 4, 2016. 
LEGAL12744B10 
EFTA00812471
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 0:16-cv-61742-BB Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/21/2016 Page 3 of 7 
11. 
During the course of the Underlying Lawsuit, PURE requested, on multiple 
occasions, that Hanover provide a copy of the Hanover Policy. Among other things, PURE 
needed to confirm whether the PURE policy was excess or pro rata with respect to the 
Underlying Lawsuit. 
12. 
Eventually, in the early part of 2016, as the parties in the Underlying Lawsuit 
engaged in settlement discussions, the need for the Hanover Policy became increasingly more 
urgent. Despite PURE's repeated requests, Hanover did not provide a copy of any Policy until 
February 26, 2016, after the parties had agreed to the principle terms of a settlement agreement, 
including the amount of the settlement.' Hanover then provided a copy of the Hanover renewal 
policy. The settlement agreement was confirmed three weeks after Hanover provided a copy of 
the renewal Hanover Policy to PURE. 
13. 
Due to the high profile nature of the Underlying Lawsuit, it was essential and in 
the best interests of the parties' shared insured (Dershowitz), to finalize the settlement of the 
Underlying Lawsuit as soon as possible. Therefore, PURE paid a portion of the defense costs 
incurred in the Underlying Lawsuit as well as a portion of the settlement amount. 
14. 
Immediately upon receiving confirmation that the settlement was moving 
forward, PURE began to investigate its rights in relation to its excess carrier status in relation to 
this claim. 
15. 
PURE contacted the responsible Hanover adjuster repeatedly to discuss this 
matter repeatedly. PURE wrote Hanover on May 24, 2016 asserting PURE's status as an excess 
carrier. Hanover was unable or unwilling to set a conference to discuss this position. A copy of 
the May 24, 2016 letter from PURE to Hanover is attached as Exhibit C. 
Aside from PURE and Hanover, another carrier also participated in the defense 
and settlement of the Underlying Lawsuit. 
LEGAD2744B16‘1 
EFTA00812472
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 0:16-cv-61742-BB Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/21/2016 Page 4 of 7 
16. 
In response to a late received voice mail message from Hanover, PURE again 
wrote Hanover on July 6, 2016 further explaining PURE's position. Hanover has provided no 
response to PURE's July 6, 2016 correspondence. A copy of the July 6, 2016 letter from PURE 
to Hanover is attached as Exhibit D. 
Relevant Policy Provisions 
17. 
Based on the express language of the policies, the Hanover Policy is primary and 
the PURE Policy is excess with respect to the Underlying Lawsuit. 
18. 
The PURE policy provides: 
N. Other Insurance and Service Agreement 
2. 
Any coverage under SECTION III - LIABILITY 
COVERAGE will be excess over other valid and collectible 
insurance except insurance written specifically to cover as excess 
over the limits of liability that apply in this policy. 
19. 
The Hanover policy provides: 
H. 
Other Insurance 
2. SECTION II - LIABILITY 
If other valid and collectible insurance is available to the insured 
for a loss we cover under SECTION II — LIABILITY, our 
obligations are limited as follows: 
a. 
Primary Insurance 
This insurance is primary except when Paragraph b. 
below applies. If this insurance is primary, our 
obligations are not affected unless any of the other 
insurance is also primary. Then, we will share with 
all that other insurance by the method described in 
Paragraph c. below. 
b. 
Excess Insurance 
This insurance is excess over: 
LEGAL \ 2744 I 3 I 6 \ I 
EFTA00812473
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 0:16-cv-61742-BB Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/21/2016 Page 5 of 7 
1) 
My of the other insurance, whether 
primary, excess, contingent or on any other basis: 
(a) 
That is Fire, Extended Coverage, 
Builder's Risk, Installation Risk or similar 
coverage for "your work"; 
(b) 
That is Fire Insurance for premises 
rented to you or temporarily occupied by 
you with permission of the owner; 
(c) 
That is insurance purchased by you 
to cover your liability as a tenant for 
"property damage" to premises rented to you 
or temporarily occupied by you with 
permission of the owner; or 
(d) 
If the loss arises out of the 
maintenance or use of aircraft, "autos" or 
watercraft to the extent not subject to 
Exclusion g. Aircraft, Auto or Watercraft 
of [sic] 
2) 
My other primary insurance available to 
you covering liability for damages arising out of the 
premises or operations, or the products and 
completed operations, for which you have been 
added as an additional insured by attachment of an 
endorsement. 
20. 
Because the Hanover Policy is primary and the PURE Policy is excess with 
respect to the Underlying Lawsuit, PURE is entitled to recover all monies paid relating to the 
defense and indemnity of the Underlying Lawsuit. 
21. 
Additionally, PURE is entitled to recover all damages it sustained, including 
recovery of its attorneys' fees and costs, as a result of Hanover's refusal to reimburse PURE for 
all monies PURE paid relating to the defense and indemnity of the Underlying Lawsuit. 
22. 
Prior to the commencement of this action, PURE sought reimbursement from 
Hanover for all monies PURE paid relating to the defense and indemnity of the Underlying 
LEGAB2744B16\ I 
EFTA00812474
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 0:16-cv-61742-BB Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/21/2016 Page 6 of 7 
Lawsuit, but Hanover has refused to provide such reimbursement. 
Count I 
ignitable Subrogation 
23. 
PURE incorporates its allegations from paragraphs 1 through 22. 
24. 
PURE made payments toward the defense and indemnity relating to the 
Underlying Lawsuit that Hanover was legally responsible for paying. 
25. 
PURE made these payments to protect its own interests and the interests of the 
parties' shared insured, Dershowitz. 
26. 
PURE did not act as a volunteer in making these payments. 
27. 
As the excess carrier, PURE was not liable for making these payments. 
28. 
It would be inequitable for PURE to make payments that Hanover was legally 
responsible for paying without requiring Hanover to reimburse PURE for such payments. 
29. 
Reimbursement to PURE from Hanover of the payments PURE made relating to 
the defense and indemnity of the Underlying Lawsuit would work no injustice of a third party. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Privilege Underwriters Reciprocal Exchange d/b/a PURE 
Insurance, respectfully requests that this Court enter a Judgment in favor of Plaintiff and against 
Defendant, The Hanover Insurance Group, d/b/a Massachusetts Bay Insurance Company, for 
damages, including all monies PURE paid relating to the defense and indemnity of the 
Underlying Lawsuit, Plaintiff's attorneys' fees and costs incurred as a result of Hanover's refusal 
to reimburse PURE for all monies PURE paid relating to the defense and indemnity of the 
Underlying Lawsuit, along with such other relief as this Court deems necessary, just and proper. 
LEGA Ll27441316 
EFTA00812475
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 0:16-cv-61742-BB Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/21/2016 Page 7 of 7 
Dated: July 21 
2016. 
Respectfully submitted, 
COZEN O'CONNOR 
By:  
/s/ John David Dickenson 
John David Dickenson 
Florida Bar No.575801 
Email: jdickensonacozen.com 
Matthew B. Criscuolo 
Florida Bar No.58441 
Email: mcriscuoloe.cozen.com 
One North Clematis Street, Suite 510 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Telephone: 561-515-5250 
Facsimile: 561-515-5230 
Attorneys for Plaintiff Privilege Underwriters 
Reciprocal Exchange d/b/a PURE Insurance 
LEGAL \2744 016\ I 
EFTA00812476

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812477.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 1 of 10 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:08-CV-80736-ICAM 
JANE DOE 1 and JANE DOE 2, 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent. 
ORDER DENYING PETITIONERS' MOTION TO JOIN UNDER RULE 21 AND 
MOTION TO AMEND UNDER RULE 15 
This cause is before the Court on Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4's Corrected Motion 
Pursuant to Rule 21 for Joinder in Action ("Rule 21 Motion") (DE 280), and Jane Doe 1 and Jane 
Doe 2's Protective Motion Pursuant to Rule 15 to Amend Their Pleadings to Conform to 
Existing Evidence and to Add Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 as Petitioners ("Rule 15 Motion") (DE 
311). Both motions are ripe for review. For the following reasons, the Court concludes that they 
should be denied. 
I. Background 
This is an action by two unnamed petitioners, Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2, seeking to 
prosecute a claim under the Crime Victims' Rights Act (CVRA), 18 U.S.C. § 3771. (DE I). 
Generally, they allege that the respondent Government violated their rights under the CVRA by 
failing to consult with them before negotiating a non-prosecution agreement with Jeffrey Epstein, 
who subjected them to various sexual crimes while they were minors. (Id.). Petitioners initiated 
this action in July 2008. (Id.). 
EFTA00812477
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 2 of 10 
On December 30, 2014, two other unnamed victims, Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4, moved 
to join as petitioners in this action pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 21. (DE 280). 
Petitioners (Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2) support the Rule 21 Motion. (a at 11). Jane Doe 3 and 
Jane Doe 4 argue that they "have suffered the same violations of their rights under the [CVRA] 
as the" Petitioners, and they "desire to join in this action to vindicate their rights as well." (a at 
I). The Government vehemently opposes joinder under Rule 21. (DE 290). The Government 
argues that Rule 15 is the proper procedural device for adding parties to an action, not Rule 21. 
(a at 1). 
"[O]ut of an abundance of caution," Petitioners filed a motion to amend their petition 
under Rule 15, conforming the petition to the evidence and adding Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 as 
petitioners. (DE 311 at 2). The Government opposes the Rule 15 Motion as well. (DE 314). 
Among other things, the Government argues that amending the petition to include Jane Doe 3 
and Jane Doe 4 should be denied because of their undue delay in seeking to join the proceedings, 
and the undue prejudice that amendment will cause. (a.). 
After considering the parties' submissions and the proposed amended petition, the Court 
finds that justice does not require amendment in this instance and exercises its discretion to deny 
the amendment. 
IL Discussion 
"The decision whether to grant leave to amend a complaint is within the sole discretion of 
the district court." Laurie v. Ala. Ct. Crim. Apps. 256 F.3d 1266, 1274 (11th Cir. 2001). "The 
court should freely give leave when justice so requires." Fed. R. Civ. P. 15(a)(2). Justice does 
not require amendment in several instances, "includ[ing] undue delay, bad faith, dilatory motive 
EFTA00812478
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 3 of 10 
on the part of the movant, . . . undue prejudice to the opposing party by virtue of allowance of the 
amendment, [and] futility of amendment.'" Laurie, 256 F.3d at 1274 (quoting Foman v. Davis, 
371 U.S. 178, 182 (1962)). In addition to considering the effect of amendment on the parties, the 
court must consider "the importance of the amendment on the proper determination of the merits 
of a dispute." 6 Wright & Miller, Fed. Prac. & Fed. P. § 1488, p. 814 (3d ed. 2010). Justice does 
not require amendment where the addition of parties with duplicative claims will not materially 
advance the resolution of the litigation on the merits. See Herring v. Delta Air Lines, Inc., 894 
F.2d 1020, 1024 (9th Cir. 1989). 
A. 
Rule 21 Motion 
Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4's first attempt to join in this proceeding was brought under 
Rule 21. (DE 280). "If parties seek to add a party under Rule 21, courts generally use the 
standard of Rule 15, governing amendments to pleadings, to determine whether to allow the 
addition." 12 Wright & Miller, Fed. Prac. & Fed. P., p. 432 (3d ed. 2013)• see also Galustian v. 
Peter, 591 F.3d 724, 729-30 (4th Cir. 2010) (collecting cases and noting that Rule 15(a) applies 
to amendments seeking to add parties); Frank v. U.S. West, Inc., 3 F.3d 1357, 1365 (10th Cir. 
1993) ("A motion to add a party is governed by Fed. R. Civ. P. 15(a) ...."). 
Rule 21, "Misjoinder and Non-joinder of Parties," provides the court with a tool for 
correcting the "misjoinder" of parties that would otherwise result in dismissal. Fed. R. Civ. P. 
21. Insofar as Rule 21 "relates to the addition of parties, it is intended to permit the bringing in 
of a person, who through inadvertence, mistake or for some other reason, had not been made a 
party and whose presence as a party is later found necessary or desirable." United States v. Com. 
Bank of N. Am., 31 F.R.D. 133, 135 (S.D.N.Y. 1962) (internal quotation marks omitted). 
EFTA00812479
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 4 of 10 
In their Rule 21 Motion, Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 do not claim that they were omitted 
from this proceeding due to any "inadvertence" or "mistake" by Petitioners; rather, they seek to 
join this proceeding as parties that could have been permissively joined in the original petition 
under Rule 20 ("Permissive Joinder of Parties"). As courts generally use the standards of Rule 
to evaluate such circumstances, the Court will consider the joinder issue as presented in the 
Rule 15 Motion.' The Court will consider the arguments presented in the Rule 21 Motion as if 
they are set forth in the Rule 15 Motion as well. Because the arguments are presented in the Rule 
Motion (and because the Court is denying the Rule 15 Motion on its merits, as discussed 
below), the Rule 21 Motion will be denied. 
The Court also concludes that portions of the Rule 21 Motion—and related 
filings—should be stricken from the record. Pending for this Court's consideration is a Motion 
for Limited Intervention filed by Alan M. Dershowitz, who seeks to intervene to "strike the 
outrageous and impertinent allegations made against him and [to] request[] a show cause order to 
the attorneys that have made them." (DE 282 at 1). The Court has considered Mr. Dershowitz's 
arguments, but it finds that his intervention is unnecessary as Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 
12(f) empowers the Court "on its own" to "strike from a pleading an insufficient defense or any 
redundant, immaterial, impertinent, or scandalous matter." Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(0. 
Petitioners' Rule 21 Motion consists of relatively little argumentation regarding why the 
Court should permit them to join in this action: they argue that (1) they were sexually abused by 
The Court notes that, regardless of which motion it considers, the same standard 
governs the addition of parties under Rule 21 and Rule 15. See Goston v. Potter, No. 08-cv-478 
FJS ATB, 2010 WL 4774238, at *5 (N.D.N.Y. 2010) (citing Bridgeport Music, Inc. v. Universal 
Music Grp., Inc., 248 F.R.D. 408, 412 (S.D.N.Y. 2008)). 
EFTA00812480
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 5 of 10 
Jeffrey Epstein, and (2) the Government violated their CVRA rights by concealing the non-
prosecution agreement with them. (DE 280 at 3; see id. at 7-8). However, the bulk of the Rule 
Motion consists of copious factual details that Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 "would prove" "[i]f 
allowed to join this action." (Li. at 3, 7). Specifically, Jane Doe 3 proffers that she could prove 
the circumstances under which a non-party introduced her to Mr. Epstein, and how Mr. Epstein 
sexually trafficked her to several high-profile non-party individuals, "including numerous 
prominent American politicians, powerful business executives, foreign presidents, a well-known 
Prime Minister, and other world leaders." (Id. at 3-6). She names several individuals, and she 
offers details about the type of sex acts performed and where they took place. 
id. at 5).2
At this juncture in the proceedings, these lurid details are unnecessary to the 
determination of whether Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 should be permitted to join Petitioners' 
claim that the Government violated their rights under the CVRA. The factual details regarding 
with whom and where the Jane Does engaged in sexual activities are immaterial and impertinent 
to this central claim (i.e., that they were known victims of Mr. Epstein and the Government owed 
them CVRA duties), especially considering that these details involve non-parties who are not 
related to the respondent Government. These unnecessary details shall be stricken. 
The original Rule 21 Motion (DE 279) shall be stricken in its entirety, as it is wholly 
superseded by the "corrected" version of the Rule 21 Motion (DE 280). From the corrected Rule 
Motion, the Court shall strike all factual details regarding Jane Doe 3 between the following 
sentences: "The Government then concealed from Jane Doe #3 the existence of its NPA from 
Jane Doe 4's proffer is limited to sexual acts between Mr. Epstein and herself. ( 
DE 
280 at 7-8). 
EFTA00812481
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 6 of 10 
Jane Doe #3, in violation of her rights under the CVRA" (id. at 3); and "The Government was 
well aware of Jane Doe #3 when it was negotiating the NPA, as it listed her as a victim in the 
attachment to the NPA" (iij at 6). As none of Jane Doe 4's factual details relate to non-parties, 
the Court finds it unnecessary to strike the portion of the Rule 21 Motion related to her 
circumstances. Regarding the Declaration in support of Petitioners' response to Mr. 
Dershowitz's motion to intervene (DE 291-1), the Court shall strike paragraphs 4, 5, 7, 11, 13, 
15, 19 through 53, and 59, as they contain impertinent details regarding non-parties. Regarding 
the Declaration of Jane Doe 3 in support of the Rule 21 Motion (DE 310-1), the Court shall strike 
paragraphs 7 through 12, 16, 39, and 49, as they contain impertinent details regarding non-
parties. Jane Doe 3 is free to reassert these factual details through proper evidentiary proof, 
should Petitioners demonstrate a good faith basis for believing that such details are pertinent to a 
matter presented for the Court's consideration. 
As mentioned, Mr. Dershowitz moves to intervene "for the limited purposes of moving to 
strike the outrageous and impertinent allegations made against him and requesting a show cause 
order to the attorneys that have made them." (DE 282 at 1). As the Court has taken it upon itself 
to strike the impertinent factual details from the Rule 21 Motion and related filings, the Court 
concludes that Mr. Derschowitz's intervention in this case is unnecessary. Accordingly, his 
motion to intervene will be denied as moot.3 Regarding whether a show cause order should 
This also moots Mr. Dershowitz's Motion for Leave to File Supplemental Reply in 
Support of Motion for Limited Intervention. (DE 317). Denying Mr. Dershowitz's motion to 
intervene also renders moot Petitioners' motion (DE 292) to file a sealed document supporting its 
response to Mr. Dershowitz's motion. It will accordingly be denied as moot, and DE 293 (the 
sealed response) will be stricken from the record. 
EFTA00812482
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 7 of 10 
issue, the Court finds that its action of striking the lurid details from Petitioners' submissions is 
sanction enough. However, the Court cautions that all counsel are subject to Rule 11's mandate 
that all submissions be presented for a proper purpose and factual contentions have evidentiary 
support, Fed. R. Civ. P. 11(b)(1) and (3), and that the Court may, on its own, strike from any 
pleading "any redundant, immaterial, impertinent, or scandalous matter," Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(f). 
B. 
Rule 15 Motion 
Between their two motions (the Rule 21 Motion and Rule 15 Motion), Jane Doe 3 and 
Jane Doe 4 assert that "they desire to join in this action to vindicate their rights [under the 
CVRAJ as well." (DE 280 at 1). Although Petitioners already seek the invalidation of Mr. 
Epstein's non-prosecution agreement on behalf of all "other similarly-situated victims" (DE 189 
at 1; DE 311 at 2, 12, 15, 18-19), Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 argue that they should be fellow 
travelers in this pursuit, lest they "be forced to file a separate suit raising their claims" resulting 
in "duplicative litigation" (DE 280 at 11). The Court finds that justice does not require adding 
new parties this late in the proceedings who will raise claims that are admittedly "duplicative" of 
the claims already presented by Petitioners. 
The Does' submissions demonstrate that it is entirely unnecessary for Jane Doe 3 and 
Jane Doe 4 to proceed as parties in this action, rather than as fact witnesses available to offer 
relevant, admissible, and non-cumulative testimony. (See, e.g., DE 280 at 2 (Jane Doe 3 and 
Jane Doe 4 "are in many respects similarly situated to the current victims"), 9 ("The new victims 
will establish at trial that the Government violated their CVRA rights in the same way as it 
violated the rights of the other victims."), 10 (Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 "will simply join in 
motions that the current victims were going to file in any event."), 11 (litigating Jane Doe 3 and 
EFTA00812483
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 8 of 10 
Jane Doe 4's claims would be "duplicative"); DE 298 at 1 n.1 ("As promised ... Jane Doe No. 3 
and Jane Doe No. 4 do not seek to expand the number of pleadings filed in this case. If allowed 
to join this action, they would simply support the pleadings already being filed by Jane Doe No. 1 
and Jane Doe No. 2."); DE 311 at 5 n.3 ("[A]ll four victims (represented by the same legal 
counsel) intend to coordinate efforts and avoid duplicative pleadings."), 15 (Jane Doe 3 and Jane 
Doe 4 "challenge the same secret agreement—i.e., the NPA that the Government executed with 
Epstein and then concealed from the victims. This is made clear by the proposed amendment 
itself, in which all four victims simply allege the same general facts.")). As the Does argue at 
length in their Rule 15 Motion, Jane Doe l's original petition "specifically allege[s] that the 
Government was violating not only her rights but the rights of other similarly-situated victims." 
(DE 311 at 2). The Court fails to see why the addition of "other similarly-situated victims" is 
now necessary to "vindicate their rights as well." (DE 280 at 1). 
Of course, Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 can participate in this litigated effort to vindicate 
the rights of similarly situated victims—there is no requirement that the evidentiary proof 
submitted in this case come only from the named parties. Petitioners point out as much, noting 
that, regardless of whether this Court grants the Rule 15 Motion, "they will call Jane Doe No. 3 
as a witness at any trial." (DE 311 at 17 n.7). The necessary "participation" of Jane Doe 3 and 
Jane Doe 4 in this case can be satisfied by offering their properly supported—and relevant, 
admissible, and non-cumulative—testimony as needed, whether through testimony at trial 
see DE 280 at 9) or affidavits submitted to support the relevancy of discovery requests' (see 
The non-party Jane Does clearly understand how to submit affidavits. See DEs 291-1, 
310-1). 
EFTA00812484
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 9 of 10 
id. at 10). Petitioners do not contend that Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4's "participation in this 
case" can only be achieved by listing them as parties. 
As it stands under the original petition, the merits of this case will be decided based on a 
determination of whether the Government violated the rights of Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and all 
"other similarly situated victims" under the CVRA. Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 may offer 
relevant admissible, and non-cumulative evidence that advances that determination, but their 
participation as listed parties is not necessary in that regard. See Herring, 894 F.2d at 1024 
(District court did not abuse its discretion by denying amendment where "addition of more 
plaintiffs . . . would not have affected the issues underlying the grant of summary judgment."); cf. 
Arthur v. Stem, 2008 WL 2620116, at *7 (S.D. Tex. 2008) (Under Rule 15, "courts have held 
that leave to amend to assert a claim already at issue in [another lawsuit] should not be granted if 
the same parties are involved, the same substantive claim is raised, and the same relief is 
sought." ).3 And, as to Jane Doe 4 at least, adding her as a party raises unnecessary questions 
about whether she is a proper party to this action.' 
Petitioners also admit that amending the petition to conform to the evidence—by 
including references to the non-prosecution agreement itself-is "unnecessary" as the "existing 
petition is broad enough to cover the developing evidence in this case." (DE 311). The Court 
The Court expresses no opinion at this time whether any of the attestations made by 
Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 in support of their motion will be relevant, admissible, and non-
cumulative.
The Govemment contends that Jane Doe 4 is not a true "victim" in this case because 
she was not known at the time the Government negotiated the non-prosecution agreement, and 
accordingly she was not entitled to notification rights under the CVRA. (See DE 290 at 10). 
Any "duplicative" litigation filed by Jane Doe 4 would necessarily raise the issue of whether she 
has standing under the CVRA under these circumstances. 
EFTA00812485
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 10 of 10 
agrees, and it concludes that justice does not require amending the petition this late in the 
proceedings. 
III. Conclusion 
Accordingly, it is hereby ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: the Rule 21 Motion 
(DE 280) is DENIED; the Rule 15 Motion (DE 311) is DENIED; Intervenor Dershowitz's 
Motion for Limited Intervention (DE 282) and Motion for Leave to File Supplemental Reply in 
Support of Motion for Limited Intervention (DE 317) are DENIED AS MOOT; Petitioners' 
Motion to Seal (DE 292) is DENIED AS MOOT; the following materials are hereby 
STRICKEN from the record: 
DE 279, in its entirety. 
DE 280, all sentences between the following sentences: 
"The Government then concealed from Jane Doe #3 the 
existence of its NPA from Jane Doe #3, in violation of her 
rights under the CVRA" (DE 280 at 3); and "The 
Government was well aware of Jane Doe #3 when it was 
negotiating the NPA, as it listed her as a victim in the 
attachment to the NPA" (DE 280 at 6). 
DE 291-1, paragraphs 4, 5, 7, 11, 13, 15, 19 through 53, 
and 59. 
DE 310-1, paragraphs 7 through 12, 16, 39, and 49. 
DE 293, in its entirety. 
DONE AND ORDERED in chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 6ih day of April, 2015. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00812486

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812487.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 1 of 15 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE No. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE 1 AND JANE DOE 2, 
Plaintiffs 
v. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Defendant 
I 
INTERVENOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MEMORANDUM IN SUPPORT OF 
HIS ATTENDANCE AT OR PARTICIPATION IN SETTLEMENT 
CONFERENCE 
Intervenor Jeffrey Epstein has requested that he be permitted to attend, 
through counsel, the settlement conference to be convened in this matter. With the 
advent of settlement negotiations, these proceedings have reached the remedy 
stage, as it is unlikely that any meaningful settlement discussions can take place 
between the plaintiffs and the government without touching on remedy. Granting 
Mr. Epstein, through counsel, the right to participate in the settlement conference is 
necessary to effectuate Judge Marra's order granting Mr. Epstein's motion to 
intervene as of right at the remedy stage of these proceedings and Judge Marra's 
grant of permissive intervention regarding the release of information falling within 
I 
EFTA00812487
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 2 of 15 
the grand jury secrecy protections of Rule 6(e). Mr. Epstein's participation within 
the parameters established for him as an intervenor will further the overall 
objective of the scheduled settlement conference: to reach an agreed remedy that 
will resolve all issues in the above-captioned matter. 
To the extent that the settlement conference discussions are limited to the 
issue of the government's liability—whether the government violated the 
plaintiffs' rights under the CVRA—Mr. Epstein's counsel's role would remain that 
of a non-participating observer who would not seek to interject himself into the 
discussions. When, however, the settlement discussions touch on issues relating to 
remedy, as they inevitably must, Mr. Epstein's counsel would, consistent with his 
role as an intervenor, address such issues to the extent necessary to safeguard Mr. 
Epstein's pivotally important interests in avoiding invalidation of his 
nonprosecution agreement and the release of material protected by Rule 6(e), both 
of which are remedies which the plaintiffs have said they are seeking. See Jane 
Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2's Response to Government's Sealed Motion to Dismiss 
for Lack of Subject Matter Jurisdiction, Doc. 127 at 14. 
If plaintiffs still intend to pursue the remedy of invalidating Mr. Epstein's 
nonprosecution agreement, there are strong constitutional and contractual 
arguments for maintaining the inviolability of that agreement that are common to 
EFTA00812488
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 3 of 15 
both the government and to Mr. Epstein. There are equally compelling reasons 
why the nonprosecution agreement should not be invalidated that are personal to 
Mr. Epstein and properly presented only by him, through counsel, at any settlement 
conference to be held in this matter. Unless and until the plaintiffs inform the 
Court, finally and irrevocably, that they will no longer seek rescission of Mr. 
Epstein's nonprosecution agreement or the release of information protected by the 
grand jury secrecy provisions of Rule 6(e), Mr. Epstein has a vital role to play in 
any settlement discussions to protect these important personal interests which are 
not adequately represented by the government.' 
Case law, including the very recent decision of the United States Court of 
Appeals for the District of Columbia, United States v. Fokker Services B.V., 
F.3d 
, 2016 WL 1319266 (D.C.Cir. April 5, 2016), principles of both 
constitutional law and contract law, and doctrines of constitutional avoidance and 
fairness all provide powerful reasons why any settlement of this matter should 
leave Mr. Epstein's nonprosecution agreement intact. Moreover, although 
I Contrary to the plaintiffs' assertion in a recent pleading, see Doc 381, the identity 
of each of the Jane Does has been known to Mr. Epstein for many years in part as a 
result of each Jane Doe's decision to delay the litigation of their CVRA claims in 
order to prioritize their parallel monetary damage lawsuits against Mr. Epstein 
during which time their identities were disclosed and their depositions taken, see 
pgs. 9-10 infra. 
EFTA00812489
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 4 of 15 
Congress recently broadened the CVRA rights to include protections for crime 
victims when the government is negotiating plea agreements or Deferred 
Prosecution Agreements ("DPAs"), which by their terms are predicated upon 
federal charges set forth in a formal charging instrument filed in federal court, 
Congress did not extend the CVRA to include nonprosecution agreements, such as 
Mr. Epstein's nonprosecution agreement in this matter, which by their terms 
necessarily contemplate that no federal charges have ever been filed in federal 
court. 
I. 
BACKGROUND. 
On July 8, 2013, Mr. Epstein filed his Motion for Prospective Limited 
Intervention at the Remedy Stage of These Proceedings (Doc. 207), which 
plaintiffs did not oppose. In that motion, he contended that he "has a clear and 
compelling interest in opposing any remedy that would entail rescission of his non-
prosecution agreement." Id. at 1-2. That motion continued: 
[D]enying intervention to Mr. Epstein to litigate remedy will cause him severe 
prejudice, as the plaintiffs are asking the Court to invalidate a binding contract 
to which he is a signatory and which implicates his constitutional rights. Mr. 
Epstein entered into a non-prosecution agreement with the government and 
has fully performed, to his detriment, his obligations under that agreement . . . 
. He has an intense interest in opposing plaintiffs' effort to set that agreement 
aside and in presenting to the Court reasons why the agreement should not be 
rescinded which are personal to him, as opposed to the institutional 
considerations which the government has and may advance. 
EFTA00812490
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 5 of 15 
Id. at 5. See id. at 8 ("If [Mr. Epstein] cannot intervene to oppose [a rescission] 
remedy, he will be forced to stand on the sidelines while others litigate rights that 
are fundamentally important to him"). Mr. Epstein also explained why the 
government would not adequately represent his interests with respect to remedy: 
Mr. Epstein and the government may share a common goal of opposing a 
rescission remedy, at least at the present juncture, but their interests, as well as 
what they would bring to the Court on the issue, vary substantially. The 
government will (most likely) present general institutional reasons why non-
prosecution agreements into which it has entered are binding on it and cannot, 
or should not, be rescinded. In contrast, in addition to the constitutionally-
based arguments which the government may advance, Mr. Epstein has, specific, 
personal, and private interests in the non-rescission of this particular agreement, 
including his constitutional right to due process of law, . . . his detrimental 
reliance on the agreement and his full performance of his many obligations 
under the agreement on the basis of that reliance. . . . Mr. Epstein's personal 
constitutional and contractual rights in the matter should be before the Court in 
making its determination as to remedy, if the proceedings reach that stage, and 
the government will not adequately represent those rights that are personal to 
Mr. Epstein. 
Id. at 9-10. The order granting Mr. Epstein's motion allowed intervention "with 
regard to any remedy issue concerning the non-prosecution agreement in this 
case." Order Granting Jeffrey Epstein's Prospective Limited Intervention at the 
Remedy State of These Proceedings (Doc. 246). 
On July 26, 2013, Mr. Epstein filed a motion to intervene for the purpose of 
protecting his interests in the secrecy of matters which occurred before the federal 
grand juries of which he was a target. Doc. 215. In that motion, he contended: 
EFTA00812491
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 6 of 15 
The materials to which the government has asserted the Rule 6(e) bar to 
disclosure include materials which would disclose substantial portions of the 
evidence presented to the grand jury, both documentary and testimonial, and 
draft indictments of Mr. Epstein, all of which relate to allegations now more than 
five years old, of a highly sensitive nature which Mr. Epstein never had the 
opportunity to refute . . . . He has a profound interest in opposing the release to 
plaintiffs of this grand jury material, which can only redound to his severe 
prejudice and injury. 
Id. at 4. That motion also explained at length why Mr. Epstein's individual 
interests would not be adequately represented by the government. Id. at 6-9. Judge 
Marra granted the motion as a matter of permissive intervention, over the 
plaintiffs' objection, finding that Mr. Epstein "has a legitimate interest in asserting 
a claim that the grand jury material may be protected from disclosure by the 
Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 6(e)." Order on Motion for Intervention by 
Jeffrey Epstein (Doc. 256) at 1. 
II. 
THERE 
ARE 
COMPELLING 
REASONS 
WHY 
THE 
NONPROSECUTION AGREEMENT CANNOT AND SHOULD NOT 
BE INVALIDATED. 
A. 
The Court Has the Discretion to Permit Mr. Epstein to 
Participate in the Settlement Conference. 
A party may intervene as of right under Rule 24(a) if "(1) the application 
to intervene is timely; (2) the party has an interest relating to the property or 
transaction which is the subject matter of the action; (3) the party is situated so that 
disposition of the action, as a practical matter, may impede or impair its ability to 
EFTA00812492
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 7 of 15 
protect that interest; and (4) the party's interest is represented inadequately by the 
existing parties to the suit." Chiles v. Thornburgh, 865 F.2d 1197, 1213 (1 1 th Cir. 
1989). In granting Mr. Epstein's motion to intervene as of right to protect the 
validity of his nonprosecution agreement, Judge Marra necessarily found that these 
prerequisites to intervention were satisfied, i.e., that Mr. Epstein has an interest in 
the subject matter of the litigation—the preservation of his nonprosecution 
agreement—that is not adequately represented by the government. 
When, as is true in this case, settlement negotiations will inevitably lead to 
consideration of the very matters as to which intervention was granted of right, the 
Court certainly has the discretion to preserve and give effect to that right by 
permitting Mr. Epstein to attend and participate in such settlement negotiations as 
necessary. 
An intervenor's participation in settlement negotiations is not 
uncommon. See, e.g., Professional Firefighters Ass'n of Omaha, Local 385 v. 
Zalewski, 678 F.3d 640, 647 (8th Cir. 2012)(noting that intervenors participated in 
settlement negotiations); City Partnership Co. v. Atlantic Ltd. Partnership, 100 
F.3d 1041, 1043 (1st Cir. 1996)(noting that intervenors participated in settlement 
negotiations); Su v. Siemens Indus., Inc, 2013 WL 3477202 at *3 (N.D.Cal. July 
10, 2013)(intervention allowed so that intervenor could participate in settlement 
negotiations); United States v. Grand Rapids, 166 F.Supp.2d 1213, 1220 (W.D. 
EFTA00812493
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 8 of 15 
Mich. 2000)(noting that intervenors participated in settlement negotiations); In re 
Discovery Zone Sec. Litig., 181 F.R.D. 582, 601 (N.D. Ill. 1998)(intervention 
allowed so that intervenor could participate in settlement negotiations); United 
States v. Maine Dep't of Transp., 980 F.Supp. 546, 549 (D.Me. 1997)(noting that 
intervenors participated in settlement discussions); Buchet v. ITT Consumer Fin. 
Corp., 845 F.Supp. 684, 690-91 (D.Minn.), amended 858 F.Supp. 944 
(D.Minn.1994)(intervention allowed so that intervenor could participate in 
settlement negotiations). Indeed, at least one court has said that it has the power to 
force intervenors to participate in settlement negotiations "when those negotiations 
take place before the Court in a court-ordered settlement conference." United 
States v. Lexington-Fayette Urban Cty. Gov't, 2007 WL 2020246, at *3 (E.D. Ky. 
July 6, 2007). 
B. 
Constitutional Considerations: 
Recent Court Decisions and 
Amendments to the Statute Under Consideration. 
This filing is not the time to fully brief and address the complexity of 
constitutional and contractual reasons that, if the issue were being litigated, Mr. 
Epstein would contend mandate denial of any continued attempt to invalidate his 
2007 Non-Prosecution Agreement. Mr. Epstein and the government concur to the 
extent that each party contends that the CVRA cannot be construed to invalidate a 
pure exercise of executive discretion such as the decision to enter into a 
EFTA00812494
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 9 of 15 
nonprosecution agreement. As stated in a new federal circuit court opinion, 
decided only two weeks ago, "few subjects are less adapted to judicial review than 
the exercise by the Executive of his discretion in deciding when and whether to 
institute criminal proceedings . . . ." United States v. Fokker Services B. V., 
F.3d 
, 2016 WL 1319266 at *5 (D.C.Cir. April 5, 2016), quoting Newman v 
United States, 382 F.2d 479, 480 (D.C.Cir. 1967). Fokker Services addressed the 
intersection of judicial and executive powers with respect to a deferred prosecution 
agreement and held, based on constitutional considerations regarding the powers 
conferred solely on the Executive, that the district court could not reject the 
deferred prosecution agreement in that case based on its disagreement with the 
Executive's charging decisions. Unlike a deferred prosecution agreement, which is 
predicated on federal criminal charges set forth in a formal charging instrument 
filed in federal court, and, thus, confers at least some role upon the Judiciary, 
nonprosecution agreements are contracts exclusively between the government and 
the defendant, are never filed with the federal court and by definition precede the 
institution of federal criminal charges. See Memorandum from Craig S. Morford, 
Acting Deputy Att'y Gen., U.S. Dep't of Justice, to Heads of Department 
Components, U.S. Att'ys re: Selection and Use of Monitors in Deferred 
Prosecution Agreements and Non—Prosecution Agreements with Corporations 
EFTA00812495
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 10 of 15 
(Mar. 7, 2008) at note 2, available at http://www.justice.gov/usam/criminal-
resource-manual-163-selection-and-use-monitors (last visited February 26, 2016) 
("In the nonprosecution agreement context, formal charges are not filed and the 
agreement is maintained by the parties rather than being filed with a court."). 
The government has absolute discretion to decide not to prosecute. ICC v. 
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, 482 U.S. 270, 283 . . . (1987) ("[I]t is 
entirely clear that the refusal to prosecute cannot be the subject of judicial 
review."). Even a formal, written agreement to that effect, which is often 
referred to as a "non-prosecution agreement," is not the business of the courts. 
United States v. HSBC Bank USA, N.A., 2013 WL 3306161 at *5 (E.D.N.Y. July 1, 
2013)(emphasis added). The distinction between deferred prosecution agreements 
and nonprosecution agreements is embodied in the recent May, 2015 amendments 
to the CVRA, which added the right "to be informed in a timely manner of any 
plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement," 18 U.S.C.A. §3771(a)(9), but 
made no mention of nonprosecution agreements, even though the federal 
government then regularly entered into nonprosecution agreements and Congress 
was surely aware of their existence. Congress's omission of nonprosecution 
agreements from §3771(a)(9), when it had the ability to include them in an 
amendment whose purpose was to clarify the scope of the CVRA, is evidence of 
Congress's recognition that the deferred prosecution agreement ("DPA") and the 
nonprosecution agreement ("NPA") embody two very different scenarios. The 
EFTA00812496
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 11 of 15 
DPA, taking place after the filing in federal court of formal federal charges, is now 
undeniably subject to judicial supervision and the CVRA, and Congress amended 
§3771(a)(9) to make that point clear. An NPA, on the other hand, which precedes 
any filing of federal charges in federal court, represents the exercise of the 
Executive's exclusive prosecutorial discretion prior to any judicial involvement 
and was thus excluded from §3771(a)(9) and coverage under the CVRA. Congress 
recognized the plenary discretion given to the Executive, alone, by the Constitution 
over decisions regarding what, if any, federal criminal charges should be brought 
and that such decisions should not be subject to judicial review.2
C. 
Mr. Epstein's Personal Considerations. 
Not permitting Mr. Epstein to attend and participate if necessary in the 
settlement conference would be fundamentally inconsistent with the reasons why 
intervention was granted in the first instance, as it would substantially compromise 
his ability to protect his critically important interests in preserving his 
nonprosecution agreement and preventing the release of personally damaging 
grand jury materials. "Nonprosecution agreements . . . are contractual in nature, 
Where such grave constitutional concerns are present, the doctrine of 
constitutional avoidance counsels strongly against construing the CVRA to permit 
rescission of a private individual's nonprosecution agreement as a remedy for 
violation of its terms by the government. See, e.g., Clark v. Martinez, 543 U.S. 
371, 381-82 (2005); Brown v. United States, 748 F.3d 1045, 1068 (11th Cir. 2014). 
EFTA00812497
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 12 of 15 
and are therefore interpreted in accordance with general principles of contract law. 
Under these principles, if a defendant lives up to his end of the bargain, the 
government is bound to perform its promises." United States v. Castaneda, 162 
F.3d 832, 835-36 (5th Cir. 1998). Mr. Epstein has fully performed each and every 
one of his obligations under the nonprosecution agreement. To the extent that this 
remedy is addressed during the settlement conference, Mr. Epstein alone can fully 
illuminate the scope of his performance under his nonprosecution agreement and 
the extent of prejudice that would result from any rescission. 
Moreover, Mr. Epstein alone can best explain the disregard for issues of 
fairness that would be sanctioned by permitting rescission in response to plaintiffs' 
dilatory prosecution of their claims in this matter. The action has been pending 
since 2008, but plaintiffs knowingly sat on their CVRA claims for years while Mr. 
Epstein fully performed all of the penal, civil, and extensive monetary obligations 
of his nonprosecution agreement. At the beginning of this case, plaintiffs declined 
to proceed on an emergency basis just as Mr. Epstein began performing the 
nonprosecution agreement, and a month later specifically asked that this Court not 
invalidate the agreement as they initially requested because "it is likely not in [the 
plaintiffs'] interest to ask for the [rescission] relief that we initially asked for." Tr. 
8/14/08 at 4. So inactive were plaintiffs in this case that the Court dismissed the 
EFTA00812498
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 13 of 15 
case for lack of prosecution in September, 2010. (Doc. 38). 
Plaintiffs thus 
eschewed moving this case forward in favor of their pursuing, over at least the next 
eighteen months, civil actions against Mr. Epstein prior to, rather than 
concurrently with, litigating their CVRA rights. During this 18-month period that 
plaintiffs sought to keep the nonprosecution agreement intact in furtherance of 
their own interests, not only did Mr. Epstein fully perform the agreement's penal 
requirements, but he paid millions of dollars in total to and for the benefit of 
numerous civil claimants, including both plaintiffs, in satisfaction of his civil and 
monetary obligations under the nonprosecution agreement. 
Because of the formidable equitable considerations implicated by plaintiffs' 
effort to set his nonprosecution agreement aside, Mr. Epstein has an intense 
interest in presenting to the Court reasons why the agreement should not be 
rescinded. These reasons are personal to him, as opposed to the more general 
institutional considerations which the government will likely advance. In order to 
preserve and give full effect to Mr. Epstein's intense personal interests, he must be 
permitted to advance his own contractual and equitable considerations at any 
settlement conference in the event that the plaintiffs do not withdraw their current 
proposal to seek the invalidation of this now 8 'A year old nonprosecution 
agreement that he has fully performed. 
EFTA00812499
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 14 of 15 
CONCLUSION 
Declining to permit Mr. Epstein to participate in the settlement conference 
would be inconsistent with the intervention which was granted to protect his 
interests in preserving his nonprosecution agreement and continued grand jury 
secrecy. This Court plainly has the discretion to permit him to participate in the 
settlement conference and should exercise that discretion. 
Respectfully submitted, 
BLACK, SREBNICIC, KORNSPAN 
& STUMPF, P.A. 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 1300 
Miami, Florida 33131 
Telephone (305) 371-6421 
Fax (305) 358-2006 
By: 
/s/ 
ROY BLACK, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 126088 
rblack@royblack.com 
JACKIE PERCZEIC, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 042201 
jperczek@ rovblack. corn 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
Park Plaza 
Suite 1000 
Boston, MA 02116 
Office: (617) 227-3700 
Fax: (617) 338-9538 
EFTA00812500
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 385 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 15 of 15 
By: 
Is/ 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, ESQ. 
Massachusetts Bar No. 519480 
owlmgw@attnet 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was filed by my 
office via CM/ECF on April 22, 2016. 
By: 
Is/ 
ROY BLACK, ESQ. 
EFTA00812501

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812502.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 386 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 1 of 10 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra/Matthewman 
JANE DOE #1 AND JANE DOE #2, 
Petitioners, 
v. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent, 
UNITED STATES' MEMORANDUM OF LAW REGARDING INTERVENORS' RIGHTS 
TO OBSERVE AND PARTICIPATE IN THE SETTLEMENT CONFERENCE 
The Respondent, United States of America, by and through the undersigned Assistant 
United States Attorney, hereby files this Memorandum of Law regarding the rights of intervenors 
in this suit to observe and participate in the court-ordered settlement conference. For the reasons 
set forth below, the United States requests that the Court limit the observation and participation in 
the private settlement negotiations to the Petitioners, the Respondent, and their counsel. If the 
Court nonetheless allows any of the intervenors to participate or observe, the Respondent 
respectfully requests that the Court adhere to Local Rule 16.2(e) and its "Mandatory Attendance" 
rule and condition any such participation on the pertinent intervenor "personally appear[ing] at the 
conference" (DE378 at 1). 
PROCEDURAL HISTORY REGARDING INTERVENTION 
This action involves a petition filed on behalf of two individuals ("Jane Doe #1" and "Jane 
Doe #2") alleging that they were deprived of certain rights contained in the Crime Victims Rights 
Act ("CVRA"), 18 U.S.C. § 3771, by the U.S. government. Since the filing of the petition in 
EFTA00812502
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 386 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 2 of 10 
2008, a number of individuals and entities have sought to intervene pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 24.1
For purposes of this memorandum, those intervening parties will be separated into four "groups." 
A. Group 1: Attorneys Black, Weinberg, and Letkowitz 
The first group contains attorneys Roy Black, Martin Weinberg, and Jay Leflcowitz, who 
all represented Jeffrey Epstein in connection with a federal criminal investigation. The three 
moved for "limited" intervention "for the purpose of seeking a protective order" and the 
opportunity to respond to the Petitioners' motion for disclosure of correspondence written by the 
three attorneys (DE56 at I). The attorneys told the Court, "Attorneys Black, Weinberg, and 
Leflcowitz do not seek intervention to litigate whether the [CVRA) was violated and if so, against 
whom a remedy is appropriate" (DE56 at 5). District Judge Marra granted the attorneys' motion, 
allowing limited intervention to "assert[] a claim that the documents in question may be 
privileged" (DE158 at 1-2). 
The document privilege issue was later resolved by the district court in favor of Petitioners 
(DE188), and the attorneys appealed (DE194, DE196). The Eleventh Circuit affirmed the district 
court's ruling on the merits. See Doe No. I v. United States, 749 F.3d 999 (11th Cir. 2014). 
The attorneys' issue has thus been completely resolved, and they have no issue or claim left 
to "settle." At the March 28, 2016 status conference, Attorney Weinberg agreed that this group 
had no need to participate in the settlement conference. Respondent agrees with Attorney 
Weinberg that this group should not participate. 
As will be explained below, the Eleventh Circuit has determined that this is not a civil 
case, but rather is "ancillary to a criminal investigation" and "a criminal action." Jane Doe No. I 
v. United States, 749 F.3d 999, 1005, 1006 (11th Cir. 2014). Despite that designation, the 
petitioners filed their case as a civil action and the district court has applied the Federal Rules of 
Civil Procedure to a number of motions and rulings. Thus, all intervenors filed their motions to 
intervene pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 24. 
EFTA00812503
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 386 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 3 of 10 
B. Group 2: The Palm Beach Newspapers 
The second group consists of The Palm Beach Post and The Palm Beach Daily News. 
These entities moved for limited intervention in order to oppose Jeffrey Epstein's motion for 
protective order that sought to require sealing all pleadings that attached certain documents 
disclosed in discovery (DE305). The district court granted the motion to intervene, considered 
the newspapers' arguments, and denied the motion for protective order (DE326). Thus, there is 
no live dispute between the newspapers and the parties, and nothing to settle or mediate. The 
newspapers have had no further involvement in the litigation and counsel did not even appear at 
the March 28th status conference, despite having notice and specific call-in information. 
Respondent respectfully requests that this group also should not be allowed to participate in the 
settlement conference. 
C. Group 3: Persons Not Granted Intervention 
Two other attorneys also sought to intervene in this matter, both for the purpose of seeking 
sanctions (DE79; DE282). 
Although those attorneys appear on the case docket sheet as 
"Intervenors," both of their motions to intervene were denied by the district court (DE99; DE324). 
Thus, the attorneys in this group have never even been intervening parties and should not be 
allowed to participate in the settlement conference. 
D. Group 4: Jeffrey Epstein 
Lastly, Jeffrey Epstein has moved to intervene on multiple occasions. His first "Motion 
for Limited Intervention" was filed in 2011 and was based on the same grounds advanced by 
Attorneys Black, Weinberg, and Lefkowitz (see DE93). The district court granted the motion and 
allowed Epstein to seek a protective order (DEI 59). Epstein's motion for protective order 
(DE162) was denied (DEI 88), and Epstein appealed along with his attorneys (DE195). The 
EFTA00812504
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 386 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 4 of 10 
Eleventh Circuit affirmed the district court. Doe No. I, supra, 749 F.3d 999. Thus, Epstein has 
no live dispute related to this limited intervention. 
Epstein next moved to intervene in July 2013. He filed two motions for "limited 
intervention" (see DE207; DE215). Addressing these in reverse order, in DE2I5 Epstein sought 
limited intervention to assert a privilege pursuant to Fed. R. Crim. P. 6(e) as to items on the 
government's privilege log. The district court granted the motion to intervene (DE256); Epstein 
filed his motion (DE263); and the district court has already sustained the government's assertion 
of privilege as to those items (see DE330, DE336; DE339). Thus, there is no live dispute among 
the parties concerning the issues underlying this intervention, and it should not be a basis for 
Epstein to participate in the settlement conference. 
Epstein also moved for "prospective limited intervention" at the remedy stage, that is, 
"when and if [the parties] reach the stage at which the Court will consider what remedy to order if 
it finds that the government violated the plaintiffs' rights under the CVRA" (DE207 at 1). When 
seeking this "prospective limited intervention," Epstein told the Court that he "does not seek to 
intervene generally in the case, as the duties and obligations imposed by the CVRA apply solely to 
the government" (id. (emphasis added)). Epstein further admitted that the dispute in the case was 
"one between the plaintiffs and the government" (id.). Because Epstein sought intervention "only 
as to the issue of remedy," he advised the Court that it "ha[d] the option of holding this motion in 
abeyance and not deciding it unless and until such time as it decides it [the Court] must fashion a 
remedy for violation of the CVRA" (DE207 at 2 (emphasis added)). 
The district court granted the motion for "prospective limited intervention" and allowed 
Epstein "to intervene with regard to any remedy issue concerning the non-prosecution agreement 
in this case" (DE246 (emphasis added)). The Eleventh Circuit has characterized this order as 
EFTA00812505
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 386 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 5 of 10 
"grant[ing] Epstein limited intervention to challenge . . . any remedy that involves the 
non-prosecution agreement," and noted that Epstein would not be able to "challenge . . . the 
judgment against the United States."2 Jane Doe No. 1, 749 F.3d at 1005. Thus, Epstein's rights 
as an intervenor only arise if (1) the Court determines that the government violated the CVRA; (2) 
the Court fashions a remedy; and (3) the remedy fashioned by the Court involves the 
non-prosecution agreement. Since the settlement conference, by definition, seeks to obviate the 
need for the Court to make a determination of fault or to fashion a remedy, Epstein should not be a 
participant in the settlement conference. 
ARGUMENT 
A. There Is No General Right of Access to Settlement Conferences 
As explained above, none of the intervenors is a party to the central dispute between the 
petitioners and the respondent — that is, whether or not there was a violation of the CVRA. That 
disagreement is the one that the petitioners and respondent hope to resolve via the settlement 
conference. Since none of the groups above has intervened as to that dispute (nor could they), all 
of the intervenors are, in essence, third party spectators to the settlement conference and the 
negotiations. The Court has asked the parties to address whether such third party spectators 
should be allowed to participate in the settlement process. Courts addressing this question have 
repeatedly answered, "no." 
"Settlement proceedings are historically closed procedures," In re the Cincinnati Enquirer, 
F.3d 198, 199 (6th Cir. 1996), and "historically settlement techniques are closed procedures 
rather than open." Cincinnati Gas & Elec. Co. v. General Elec. Co., 854 F.2d 900, 903-04 (6th 
The CVRA itself provides that a "person accused of the crime may not obtain any form of 
relief under this chapter." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(1). 
EFTA00812506
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 386 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 6 of 10 
Cir. 1988). In both of those cases, the press sought access to pre-trial settlement procedures, 
asserting a First Amendment right of access, and the courts denied such access. In Goodyear Tire 
& Rubber Co. v. Chiles Power Supply, Inc., 332 F.3d 976 (6th Cir. 2003), the Sixth Circuit 
similarly recognized that "confidential settlement communications are a tradition in this country." 
Id. at 980 (citing Palmieri v. New York, 779 F.2d 861, 865 (2d Cir. 1985)). The rationale for 
confidentiality is based on the "strong public interest in favor of secrecy of matters discussed by 
parties during settlement negotiations . . . whether [they] are done under the auspices of the court 
or informally between the parties. . . . In order for settlement talks to be effective, parties must 
feel uninhibited in their communications." Id. at 980. More recently, the Second Circuit has 
held that the transcript of a settlement conference was properly sealed, despite the "common law 
presumptive right of access to judicial documents" because "[t]he 'presumption of access to 
settlement negotiations ... is negligible to nonexistent.'" Pullman v. Alpha Media Pub., Inc., 624 
F. App' x 774, 779 (2d Cir. 2015) (quoting United States v. Glens Falls Newspapers, Inc., 160 F.3d 
853, 858 (2d Cir. 1998)). The Second Circuit has further explained that public access to 
"settlement discussions and documents" does not assist in monitoring the exercise of Article III 
judicial power because those documents are not "presented to the court to invoke its powers or 
affect its decisions." Glens Falls, 160 F.3d at 857 (quoting United States v. Amodeo, 71 F.3d 
1044, 1050 (2d Cir. 1995)). 
Pursuant to the Eleventh Circuit rules, "[c]ommunications made during [court-ordered 
appellate] mediation and any subsequent communications related thereto shall be confidential. 
Such communications shall not be disclosed by any party or participant in the mediation . . . nor 
shall such communications be disclosed to anyone not involved in the mediation or otherwise not 
entitled to be kept informed about the mediation by reason of a position or relationship with a party 
EFTA00812507
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 386 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 7 of 10 
unless the written consent of each mediation participant is obtained." 11th Cir. L.R. 33-1(c)(3). 
Mediation statements are confidential and not made part of the court file. Ilth Cir. L.R. 33-1(d). 
Similarly, in this District, "[a]ll proceedings of the mediation shall be confidential and are 
privileged in all respects as provided under federal law and Florida Statutes § 44.405." S.D. Fla. 
L.R. 16.2(g)(2). The proceedings cannot be reported, recorded, or made known to the Court of 
the jury. Id. As in the Glens Falls case, the Local Rule makes clear that the mediator does not 
"rule upon questions of fact or law, or render any final decision in the case," and, if no settlement is 
reached, reports only on whether the mediation will continue to another day or an impasse was 
declared. S.D. Fla. L.R. 16.2(a). Thus, like the Glens Falls case, the settlement conference will 
involve no exercise of Article III judicial power. 
The procedures set forth in the Court's "Order Scheduling Settlement Conference" 
(DE378) are consistent with this Court's rules, the Eleventh Circuit's practice, and the cases cited 
above. That is, it provides for the submission of confidential settlement memoranda and "private 
caucusing" (id. at 2). The presence of third parties with no interest in the underlying dispute or its 
resolution would disrupt these procedures, which are meant to assist the parties in finding common 
ground and reaching an alternative, out-of court resolution of their dispute. 
The case that prompted the Court's inquiry during the status conference, State Farm Fire 
and Cas. Co. v. Hood, 266 F.R.D. 135 (S.D. Miss. 2010) ("State Farm I"), is consistent with these 
Rules and cases. In State Farm 1, members of the press sought to intervene "to challenge the 
confidentiality of the settlement agreement, not to litigate the merits of the underlying lawsuit." 
Id. at 140. The district judge determined that the members of the press had Article III standing to 
intervene "for the limited purpose of challenging the order sealing certain court documents." Id. 
at 143 (emphasis added). Having received permission to intervene, the press then filed their 
EFTA00812508
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 386 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 8 of 10 
motion to unseal the court-filed settlement agreement,; and the motion was granted. See State 
Fann Fire and Cas. Co. v. Hood, 2010 WL 3522445 (S.D. Miss. Sept. 2, 2010) ("State Farm II"). 
The district judge found that the settlement agreement was a "judicial record" because it had been 
placed in the court file, and, therefore, there was a presumption of a public right of access. Id. at 
*2. After considering the facts and weighing the concerns asserted by each party, the court then 
found that the presumption prevailed over the parties' interest in keeping the agreement 
confidential. Id. at *4. 
State Farm I and State Farm fl are inapposite because no "judicial records" are involved in 
the mediation of this matter. The only "judicial record" will be the Court's mediation report. 
which is a public document generated after the conclusion of the mediation conference in 
accordance with S.D. Fla. L.R. 16.2(0(1). If any settlement agreement is reached that is 
ultimately filed with the Court, then any third party can seek to intervene if a motion or order to 
seal that agreement is also filed. At this point, any such discussion is premature, because it is not 
yet known whether a settlement will even be reached, much less whether any resulting settlement 
agreement will even be filed in the court record. 
B. Special Confidentiality Concerns Raised by This Case 
In addition to the general rule that settlement conferences are confidential, the involvement 
of Jeffrey Epstein or other third parties in the conference raises special concerns. First, this action 
is brought pursuant to the CVRA which provides that the Court "shall ensure" and the government 
"shall make their best efforts to see that crime victims" are treated "with respect for the victim's 
The settlement agreement was entered into the court record when, during the course of a 
hearing before the district judge, the "parties dictated their agreement into the record." State 
Fann II at *1. 
EFTA00812509
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 386 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 9 of 10 
... privacy." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(8), (b)(1), (c)(1). Allowing third party access would not be 
consistent with that right to privacy. See also 18 U.S.C. § 3509(d)(1) (requiring court and 
government employees to keep confidential all documents identifying child victims).4
In addition to the general confidentiality provisions governing victim identities, the law 
also disfavors requiring a victim to have to engage with her alleged perpetrator in order to assert 
her rights. Thus, for example, a victim cannot be required to participate in a sentencing or 
restitution hearing in order to obtain an order of restitution. 18 U.S.C. § 3664(g)(1). See United 
States v. Speakman, 594 F.3d 1165 (10th Cir. 2010); United States v. Amara, 616 F. App'x 612 (4th 
Cir. 2015); United States v. Schmidt, 675 F.3d 1164 (8th Cir. 2012); United States v. Hagerman, 
506 F. App'x 14 (2d Cir. 2012) (all discussing § 3664(g)(1)'s prohibition on requiring victim 
participation in the criminal proceedings). 
/ / / 
/// 
/// 
While the two Jane Does are now adults, they were minors during the time relevant to the 
criminal investigation underlying their CVRA claims. 
EFTA00812510
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 386 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/22/2016 Page 10 of 10 
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, Respondent respectfully requests that the Court exclude all third 
parties, including the intervenors, from observing and/or participating in the confidential 
settlement conference. If the Court nonetheless allows any of the intervenors to participate or 
observe, the Respondent respectfully requests that the Court adhere to its "Mandatory Attendance" 
rule and condition any such participation on the pertinent intervenor "personally appear[ing] at the 
conference" (DE378 at 1). Absent such personal appearance, the participation of an intervenor 
will do nothing to assist the resolution of the dispute between the Petitioners and the Respondent; 
rather, such participation, involving a dispute to which the intervenor is not a party, will only serve 
as an improper obstacle to a potential settlement to which the intervenor will not be legally bound.. 
Respectfully submitted, 
WIFREDO A. FERRER 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
By: 
s/A. Marie Villafana 
A. MARIE VILLAFANA 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Florida Bar No. 0018255 
500 South Australian Ave, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Telephone: 561-820-8711 
Facsimile: 561-820-8777 
ann.marie.c.villafana@usdoj.gov 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on April 22, 2016, I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. According to the Court's website, 
counsel for all parties and intervenors are able to receive notice via the CM/ECF system. 
s/A. Marie Villafaila 
A. MARIE VILLAFARA 
Assistant United States Attorney 
EFTA00812511

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812512.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 1 of 25 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2 
v. 
UNITED STATES 
JANE DOE #1 AND JANE DOE #2'S RESPONSE TO GOVERNMENT'S SEALED 
MOTION TO DISMISS FOR LACK OF SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION 
COME NOW Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 (also referred to as "the victims"), by and 
through undersigned counsel, to respond to the Government's Sealed Motion to Dismiss for Lack 
of Subject Matter Jurisdiction. The Court should deny the motion. 
Because the Government has filed a motion to dismiss alleging that the victims' 
pleadings are facially deficient, the Court must assume the truth of the victims' allegations — 
specifically that the Government and Epstein deliberately conspired to enter into a secret non-
prosecution agreement in violation of the victims' rights under the Crime Victims' Rights Act 
(CVRA). Given such allegations (and, indeed, even without such allegations), this Court 
possesses broad remedial powers to craft an appropriate remedy for the violations. One such 
remedy is an order invalidating the non-prosecution agreement as illegal, thereby affording the 
victims an opportunity to confer with the Government about whether it should file federal 
criminal charges against Epstein for sexually abusing them. Such a remedy would not violate 
Epstein's constitutional rights because he was and is a party to the illegal agreement — and, 
indeed, he orchestrated the illegality. In addition. the victims are seeking numerous other 
EFTA00812512
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 2 of 25 
remedies that are within the Court's power to award. Accordingly, the Governments' motion to 
dismiss on grounds that the Court lacks any power to address the CVRA violations alleged by 
the victims should be dismissed. 
I. 
IN REVIEWING THE GOVERNMENT'S MOTION TO DISMISS, THE COURT 
MUST ASSUME THE TRUTH OF THE VICTIMS' ALLEGATIONS -
SPECIFICALLY THAT THE GOVERNMENT AND ESPTEIN DELIBERATELY 
CONSPIRED 
TO 
ENTER 
INTO 
A 
SECRET 
NON-PROSECUTION 
AGREEMENT IN VIOLATION OF THE VICTIMS' CVRA RIGHTS. 
Because the Government is filing its motion to dismiss more than three years into this 
case, it dresses up its claim as a challenge to "subject matter jurisdiction." The Government then 
argues that it is raising "both a legal and factual challenge to the Court's subject matter 
jurisdiction." Gov't Mot. Dismiss at 1 n.1. On this basis, the Government claims to be free to 
raise extrinsic evidence outside the complaint, "such as testimony and affidavits." Id. at 1.n.1 
(citing Makro Capital of America, Inc. v. UBS AG, 543 F.3d 1254, 1258 (11th Cir. 1999)). 
To the extent the Government is attempting to raise a "factual" challenge to jurisdiction, 
the Government's argument fails for one simple reason: It has presented no facts! As the Court 
is well aware, the victims still have pending a "summary judgment" motion in which they have 
alleged 53 specific undisputed facts. DE #48. The Court, however, has reserved ruling on that 
motion, explaining "the Court lacks a factual record to support such findings and must therefore 
defer ruling on these two issues pending the limited discovery discussed below." Order, 9/26/11 
(DE #99) at 10. 
The Government's position is far weaker than the victims'. At least the victims alleged 
undisputed facts as the basis for their motion, supporting each and every fact with citations to 
the limited record in this case. In contrast, the Government's motion to dismiss alleges no facts 
EFTA00812513
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 3 of 25 
whatsoever, much less evidentiary support for such facts. Accordingly, the Court should reject 
any factual challenge to the victims' cause of action and move forward with the discovery that 
the Court previously ordered. 
With regard to the legal challenge the Government is raising, the Court must "take the 
factual allegations in the complaint as true and construe them in the light most favorable to the 
plaintiffs." Edwards v. Prime, Inc., 602 F.3d 1276, 1291 (11ih Cir. 2010). In the current posture 
of this case, the victims have pending a motion for "summary judgment" with 53 proposed 
undisputed facts. DE #48 at 3-23. The court should accordingly accept all these facts as true and 
construe them in the light most favorable to the victims. Those facts allege a deliberate 
conspiracy between the Government and Epstein to violate the victims' CVRA rights in the 
course of executing the non-prosecution agreement. See, e.g., DE #48 at 34-36 (discussing 
allegations of "affirmative misconduct"). This issue before the Court, then, is whether it 
possesses subject matter jurisdiction to review allegations from crime victims that prosecutors 
and defense attorneys conspired to violate congressionally-mandated rights in the CVRA. 
The Government's motion also appears to assume that the victims are alleging that the 
Government has violated only one of their CVRA rights (i.e., the right to confer with 
prosecutors). In fact, the victims are alleging that the Government violated three of their CVRA 
rights, namely: (1) their "reasonable right to confer" with prosecutors, 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(5); 
(2) their right "to be treated with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity," 18 U.S.C. § 
3771(a)(8); and (3) their right to "reasonable, accurate and timely notice of any public court 
proceedings . . . involving the crime . . . ." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(2). See DE #48 at 36 
(discussing each of these three rights separately); DE #77 at 15-19 (same). 
EFTA00812514
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 4 of 25 
II. 
THE CVRA GIVES THE COURT BROAD POWER TO CRAFT APPROPRIATE 
REMEDIES FOR VIOLATIONS OF THE RIGHTS IT CONFERS. 
Even given allegations of three separate and deliberate CVRA violations, the 
Government maintains that this Court is powerless to respond. In the Government's view, the 
victims "lack standing to pursue the remedies that they are seeking for the alleged CVRA 
violations," Gov't Mot. Dismiss at 2. Before turning to the specifics of this claim, it is important 
to understand the remedial structure that surrounds the CVRA. Since the earliest days of our 
nation, it has been settled law that "where there is a legal right, there is also a legal remedy . . . 
.." Marbury v. Madison, 5 U.S. 137, 163 (1803) (internal quotation omitted). Moreover, "[i]f 
the right is created by a federal statute, the federal courts have the power to fashion an 
appropriate remedy." Intracoastal Transp., Inc. v. Decatur County, Georgia 482 F.2d 361, 371 
(5th Cir. 1973). Beyond these general principles, the CVRA itself requires this Court to protect 
victims' rights, emphasizing that "[i]n any court proceeding involving an offense against a crime 
victim, the court shall ensure that the crime victim is afforded the rights described in [the 
CVRA]." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(b)(1) (emphasis added). 
When a violation of federal law is established, "federal courts generally have the power to 
grant any appropriate relief in a cognizable cause of action brought pursuant to a federal statute." 
Moreno v. Consolidated Rail Corp., 99 F.3d 782, 784 (6th Cir. 1996) (internal quotation 
omitted). Federal courts should "presume the availability of all appropriate remedies [for a 
federal right of action] unless Congress has expressly indicated otherwise." Franklin v. Gwinnett 
County Public Schools, 503 U.S. 60, 66 (1992). Congress has "expressly indicated" a few, 
EFTA00812515
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 5 of 25 
narrowly-drawn limitations on remedies in the CVRA. These limitations, however, are not 
applicable to this case. 
Congress limited certain legal remedies under the CVRA, in particular providing that the 
CVRA did not create a new cause of action for damages and attorney's fees. 18 U.S.C. § 
3771(d)(6). It also provided a specific provision regarding "limitation on relief': 
(5) Limitation on relief— In no case shall a failure to afford a right under this 
chapter provide grounds for a new trial. A victim may make a motion to re-open a 
plea or sentence only if—
(A) the victim has asserted the right to be heard before or during the proceeding at 
issue and such right was denied; 
(B) the victim petitions the court of appeals for a writ of mandamus within 14 
days; and 
(C) in the case of a plea, the accused has not pled to the highest offense charged. 
This paragraph does not affect the victim's right to restitution as provided in title 
18, United States Code. 
U.S.C. § 3771(d)(5). As is readily apparent, these limitations only apply to crime victims' 
efforts to obtain a "new trial" or to "re-open a plea or sentence." The victims' pleadings here do 
not ask for a "new trial" — no trial in this case was ever held. Likewise, they do not ask to "re-
open" a plea, much less a sentence — Epstein never pled guilty to any crime in federal courts (and 
his plea in state court was not to charges involving them and was apparently not reviewable in 
federal court). Instead, the victims seek (among other remedies) the invalidation of an illegal 
non-prosecution agreement so that they can confer with the Government about an appropriate 
prosecution of the crimes Epstein committed against them. 
Accordingly, none of the 
specifically-provided "limitations on relief' apply to this case. 
In light of the narrow reach of this "limitation" language, the CVRA clearly leaves open 
all other remedies, including in particular equitable remedies. 
The "federal courts have 
EFTA00812516
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 6 of 25 
historically had broad authority to fashion equitable remedies . . . ." Hardison v. Cohen, 375 
F.3d 1262, 1266 (11th Cir. 2004). The Eleventh Circuit has expressly required district courts to 
fashion appropriate equitable remedies when plaintiffs have proven a violation of statutory 
provisions. See, e.g., Alabama Hospital Ass'n v. Beasley, 702 F.2d 955, 962 (11th Cir. 1983) (in 
light of statutory violation, we "accordingly remand to the district court so that it may devise an 
appropriate equitable remedy."). And the CVRA is obviously "remedial legislation" that should 
be broadly construed to achieve its remedial purposes. Edwards v. Kia Motors of America, Inc., 
554 F.3d 943, 948 (11th Cir 2008). 
A good illustration of the broad power of district courts to remedy CVRA violations 
comes from the Fifth Circuit's decision in In re Dean, 527 F.3d 391 (5th Cir. 2008). There, the 
Fifth Circuit found a violation of crime victims' right to confer with prosecutors regarding a plea 
agreement. The Circuit, however, declined to grant its own remedy, instead remanding to the 
district court. "We are confident, however, that the conscientious district court will fully 
consider the victims' objections and concerns in deciding whether the plea agreement should be 
accepted." Id. at 396. Likewise, here, the onus falls on this Court to determine how best to 
remedy the Government's CVRA violations alleged by the victims. 
III. 
THE VICTIMS ARE ENTITLED TO A WIDE ARRAY OF REMEDIES FOR 
THE GOVERNMENT'S DELIBERATE CVRA VIOLATIONS. 
The Government contends that the Court should dismiss this case because the only 
"legal" relief that the victims have sought is setting aside the non-prosecution agreement and that 
they are not entitled to any such remedy. The Government's argument fails for five separate 
reasons. First, because the issue of remedy is interwoven with the merits to the victims' claims, 
EFTA00812517
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 7 of 25 
a dismissal before reaching the merits is inappropriate. Second, in any event, the victims are 
entitled to have the Court invalidate the non-prosecution agreement because it is illegal. Third, 
entirely apart from invalidating the agreement the victims are entitled to seek a wide range of 
"legal" and equitable remedies apart from, or in addition to, invalidation of the illegal agreement. 
Fourth, at the very least, the issues raised in this case should be regarded as ones that are capable 
of repetition and should not be allowed to evade review. And fifth, Epstein's presence in the 
case is not required to grant the victims' relief. 
A. 
Because The Government's Motion Goes to the Merits of the Victims' 
Arguments, A Dismissal Is Not Appropriate. 
The victims have repeatedly stated that they believe that the proper time for briefing 
remedial issues in this case is after the Court makes its ruling on what CVRA violations the 
Government has committed. Settled law holds that "the nature of the remedy is to be determined 
by the nature and scope of the . . . violation." Nichols v. Hopper, 173 F.3d 820, 824 (11th Cir. 
1999) (internal quotation omitted). And, "[a]t the initial pleading stage, a plaintiff may establish 
standing based on general factual allegations of injury." Young Apartments, Inc. v. Town of 
Jupiter, Florida, 529 F.3d 1027, 1038 (11th Cir. 2008). 
In this case, however, it is clear that the Government's alleged "jurisdictional" challenge 
actually is deeply intertwined with the merits of this case. As a result, the Court should not 
dismiss the case but allow it to proceed to a conclusion on the merits. As the Eleventh Circuit 
has held, "Ulf a jurisdictional challenge does implicate the merits of the underlying claim then(] 
the proper course of action for the district court . . . is to find that jurisdiction exists and deal 
with the objection as a direct attack on the merits of the plaintiffs case . . . . Judicial economy is 
EFTA00812518
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 8 of 25 
best promoted when the existence of a federal right is directly reached . 
." Morrison v. Amway 
Corp., 323 F.3d 920, 925 (I 
Cir. 2003) (emphasis added) (internal citation omitted). 
In this case, it is quite clear that the Government's challenge directly "implicates the 
merits of the underlying claim." Many of the remedial issues turn on the extent to which the 
Government and Epstein conspired to violate the victims of their rights. For this reason alone, 
the Court should deny the Government's motion to dismiss. 
B. 
If the Victims Prove the Agreement is Illegal, They Would Be Entitled to 
Have the Non-Prosecution Agreement Declared Illegal. 
The main argument in the Government's motion to dismiss is that this Court would be 
powerless to set aside the non-prosecution agreement, even were the victims to prove a 
deliberate conspiracy to illegally violate their CVRA rights. As the victims have previously 
explained, however, ample precedent supports the power of this Court to set aside the agreement 
if it was arrived at illegally.' When other plea arrangements have been negotiated in violation of 
law, they have been stricken by the courts. For example, United States v. Walker, 98 F.3d 944 
(7th Cir. 1996), held that where a sentence on a new crime could not run concurrently with a 
probation revocation the defendant was then serving — contrary to the assumption of the parties 
to the plea agreement — the defendant was not entitled to specific performance of the plea 
agreement. The Court explained that the case was one "in which the bargain is vitiated by 
illegality . 
." Id. at 947. Moreover, even though the defendant had served some prison time 
I See Victim's Motion Finding of Violation of Rights (DE #48) at 37-39 (collecting case 
law on setting aside illegal plea agreements). 
The Government studiously ignores these 
arguments in newly-filed motion to dismiss. Should the Government attempt to "sandbag" the 
victims by raising new arguments for the first time in its reply brief, the victims would then 
respectfully seek leave to file a sur-reply to these new arguments. 
EFTA00812519
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 9 of 25 
under the agreement, that did not mean he was entitled to specific performance of the agreement. 
Id. at 947. The defendant had "forfeited" the right to seek specific performance of the 
agreement. 
Here, of course, exactly the same is true: the non-prosecution agreement is "vitiated" by 
illegality — namely, the fact that the parties negotiated it in violation of the victims' rights under 
the Crime Victims' Rights Act, 18 U.S.C. § 3771. Moreover, Epstein has "forfeited" any right to 
seek specific performance of the non-prosecution agreement. As the victims will prove as this 
case moved forward, he was a party to — and, indeed, the instigator of — the Government's 
CVRA violations. Thus, unlike the Walker case where the agreement was an accident, here the 
illegal agreement was a deliberate plan. In such circumstances, any equitable claim Epstein has 
for specific performance of the non-prosecution agreement disappears. 
Other cases reach similar conclusions. See, e.g., Craig v. People, 986 P.2d 951, 959-60 
(Colo. 1999) (because "neither the prosecutor nor the trial court have authority to modify or 
waive the mandatory parole period," such "is not a permissible subject of plea negotiations," and 
thus, even if "the trial court erroneously approves of such an illegal bargain" such plea is 
"invalid" and thus will not be specifically enforced). Nor can the defendant claim some right to 
specific performance of an illegal non-prosecution agreement. See State v. Garcia, 582 N.W.2d 
879, 881-82 (Minn. 1998) (plea agreement for 81-month sentence, but court added 10-year 
conditional release term because, under facts of case, sentence without such release term is 
"plainly illegal," and thus remedy of specific performance not available); State v. Wall, 348 N.C. 
671, 502 S.E.2d 585, 588 (1998) (plea agreement was for sentence to be concurrent with one not 
yet completed, but state statute mandates consecutive sentence on facts of this case; "defendant 
EFTA00812520
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 10 of 25 
is not entitled to specific performance in this case because such action would violate the laws of 
this state"); Et pane Rich, 194 S.W.3d 508, 515 (Tex. Crim. App. 2006); (where "the plea 
bargain seemed fair on its face when executed, it has become unenforceable due to 
circumstances beyond the control of [the parties], namely the fact that one of the enhancement 
paragraphs was mischaracterized in the indictment, resulting in an illegal sentence far outside the 
statutory range," proper remedy is plea withdrawal, as "there is no way of knowing whether the 
State would have offered a plea bargain within the proper range of punishment that he deemed 
acceptable"); State v. Mazzone, 212 W.Va. 368, 572 S.E.2d 891, 897 (2002) (where plea 
agreement was that defendant would plead guilty to two felony counts of felon in possession of 
firearm and prosecutor would dismiss remaining six counts re other offenses with prejudice, and 
all parties erroneously believed these two crimes were felonies, lower court "correctly resolved 
this unfortunate predicament by holding that a plea agreement which cannot be fulfilled based 
upon legal impossibility must be vacated in its entirety, and the parties must be placed, as nearly 
as possible, in the positions they occupied prior to the entry of the plea agreement"). 
Rather than respond to these specific examples of courts setting aside illegal agreements, 
the Government's motion relies on two cases that stand for the generic proposition that the 
Government must abide by its promises in plea agreements. See Gov't Mot. Dismiss at 4 (citing 
Santobello v. New York, 404 U.S. 257, 262 (1971); United States v. Harvey, 869 F.2d 1439, 1443 
(11th Cir. 1989)). But the very point of all the cases cited by the victims in the previous 
paragraph is the Government can not abide by illegal promises, even where it has accidentally 
entered into some kind of an agreement with the defendant to that effect. And, this case is truly 
EFTA00812521
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 11 of 25 
unique because rather than an accidental illegal agreement, it involves (as the victims will prove) 
a deliberate illegal agreement designed to violate their rights. 
Accepting the Government's argument that this Court cannot set aside the illegal 
agreement would allow the Government by private arrangement with a criminal to supersede 
congressional mandates for keeping crime victims informed. Just as the Government cannot 
illegally agree to run a sentence on a new crime concurrently with a probation revocation, United 
States v. Walker, 98 F.3d 944 (7th Cir. 1996), so too here it cannot illegally agree not to 
prosecute a sex offender without first conferring with his victims, treating them fairly, and giving 
them timely and accurate notice of court hearing. 
Not only are the Government's arguments without merit, but the Government simply 
lacks standing to raise them. The Government complains that setting aside the non-prosecution 
agreement would harm Epstein's constitutional rights. But this is an argument that must be 
presented by Epstein. The Government will obviously suffer no harm if this Court invalidates 
the non-prosecution agreement. To possess standing to raise a claim, a litigant "must show . . . It 
has suffered an `injury in fact' that is (a) concrete and particularized and (b) actual or imminent. 
not conjectural or hypothetical." Friends of the Earth, Inc. v. Laidlaw Environmental Services 
(TOC), Inc., 528 U.S. 167, 180 (2000). The Government cannot show any such injury from a 
declaration that the non-prosecution agreement is illegal, and accordingly the Court should reject 
its argument on this basis as well. 
Finally, a plea agreement is, in essence, a contract between a criminal defendant and the 
Government. United States v. Howie, 166 F.3d 1166, 1168 (11th Cir. 1999). Accordingly, plea 
agreements are governed by applicable principles of contract law. Allen v. Thompson, 161 F.3d 
EFTA00812522
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 12 of 25 
667, 671 (11th Cir. 1998); United States v. Meyers, 32 F.3d 411, 413 (9th Cir. 1994). One such 
fundamental principle of contract law is that contracts entered into in violation of law are void, 
and no legal rights arise from the formation of such a contract. Shaughnessy v. D'Antoni, 100 
F.2d 422, 424 (5th Cir. 1938); accord McMullen v. Hoffinan, 174 U.S. 639, 654 (1899) ("[N]o 
court will lend its assistance in any way to carrying out the terms of an illegal contract. . . . nor 
will they enforce any alleged rights directly springing from such contract."); Shlay v. 
Montgomery, 802 F.3d 918, 922 (7th Cir. 1986) ("There is no question that contracts which are 
in violation of law are null and void."); Total Medical Management, Inc. v. United States, 104 
F.3d 1314, 1319-20 (Fed. Cir. 1997) (holding that a plainly illegal contract "is a nullity and void 
ab initio"). Because illegal agreements are void ab initio, such a contract "is ordinarily treated 
as rescinded." Scheiber v. Dolby Laboratories, Inc., 293 F.3d 1014, 1022 (7th Cir. 2002). And a 
court cannot enforce such an illegal agreement to the detriment of an innocent third party. Baker 
v. Raymond Intern., Inc., 656 F.2d 173, 182 (5th Cir. Unit A Sept. 1981).2 This is particularly 
true where a party has "unclean hands," which is an equitable doctrine that "provides that one 
who has acted in bad faith, resorted to trickery and deception, or been guilty of fraud, injustice or 
unfairness will appeal in vain to a court of conscience." In re Kingsley, 518 F.3d 874, 878 (11th
Cir. 2008). 
The victims request an opportunity to brief all these issues at greater length — once 
discovery in this case is completely. But the victims have certainly alleged facts supporting the 
conclusion that the non-prosecution agreement is illegal and that the Government (and Epstein) 
"Decisions by the former Fifth Circuit issued before October 1, 1981, are binding as 
precedent in the Eleventh Circuit." United States v. Brown, 342 F.3d 1245, 1246 n.1 (11th Cir. 
2003). 
EFTA00812523
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 13 of 25 
had unclean hands in arriving at the agreement. For all these reasons, the victims will be able to 
prove that the Court should set aside the non-prosecution agreement as the appropriate remedy in 
this case. 
C. 
The Victims Are Entitled to a Range of Other Remedies for Deliberate 
Violation of Their Rights. 
For all the reasons just explained, the Court should deny the Government's motion to 
dismiss because the victims are entitled to move forward and seek the remedy of invalidation of 
the non-prosecution agreement. Entirely apart from that remedy, however, the victims are 
entitled to seek — and are seeking — numerous other remedies. The Government's motion to 
dismiss for lack of "redressability" should be denied in light of these other remedies. 
The victims have argued consistently throughout these proceedings that the proper time 
for a full discussion of the details of remedies is after the Court determines the merits of the case. 
But the Government contends that the time to discuss these issues is now — on its motion to 
dismiss. Even though this puts the remedial "cart" before the merits "ox," the victims can lay 
out numerous other remedies that they are seeking in this case. To be sure, even with these 
remedies, it is possible that some of the victims' injuries will not be addressed. But "a party 
satisfies the redressability requirement when he shows that a favorable decision will relieve a 
discrete injury to [her]self. [She] need not show that a favorable decision will relieve [her] every 
injury." 281 Care Committee v. Arneson, 638 F.3d 621, 631 (8'h Cir. 2011) (emphasis in 
original) (internal citation omitted). Even where "a court may not be able to return the parties to 
the status quo ante," so long as "a court can fashion some form of meaningful relief' it should 
hear the case. Church of Scientology of California v. U.S., 506 U.S. 9, 12 (1992). 
EFTA00812524
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 14 of 25 
Here, numerous discrete remedies lie within the Court's power to award. In particular, 
the victims are asking the Court to award all of the following remedies: 
• 
A ruling from this Court that, contrary to the current understanding of the U.S. 
Attorney's Office, if after consultation with the victims the Office determined that 
prosecution of Epstein for crimes committed against Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 
was appropriate, the Constitution would permit such a prosecution. 
• 
A declaration that the Government entered into the non-prosecution agreement in 
violation of Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2's rights under the CVRA; 
• 
A declaration that the non-prosecution agreement is accordingly illegal; 
• 
A declaration invalidating the illegal non-prosecution agreement in whole, or in the 
alternative, a declaration invalidating the illegal non-prosecution agreement to the 
extent that it purports to bar prosecution of Epstein's crimes against Jane Doe #1 and 
Jane Doe #2;An order from this Court that the Government provide Jane Doe #1 and 
Jane Doe #2 all information in its possession, including documents and 
correspondence, about why it decided not to prosecute Epstein's crimes against them; 
• 
An order from this Court releasing to Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 all grand jury 
material relating, directly or indirectly, to Epstein's sex offenses (and conspiracy to 
commit sex offenses) against Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2; 
• 
An order from this Court directing an appropriate supervisor from the U.S. Attorney's 
Office to meet with Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2, to explain in detail why it decided 
not to prosecute Epstein's crimes against them and confer with them about the case 
and about what steps might be taken to insure that Epstein is held accountable for the 
sex offenses he has committed; 
• 
An order from this Court referring the issue of the crime victims' rights violations for 
investigation to the administrative authority within the Justice Department that 
handles CVRA complaints, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3771(f)(2)(A), and to any other 
appropriate Justice Department entity; 
• 
A finding by this Court that there has been misconduct by at least one DOJ attorney 
in violation of the victims' rights; 
• 
An order from this Court referring the issue of the crime victims' rights violations for 
possible disciplinary sanctions to the Justice Department, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 
3771(f)(2)(C); 
EFTA00812525
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 15 of 25 
• 
An injunction from this Court directing the U.S. Attorney's Office to treat Jane Doe 
#1 and Jane Doe #2 with "fairness" in this case as required by 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(8) 
of the CVRA, to "confer" as required by 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(5), and to provide 
accurate and timely notice of future case events as required by 18 U.S.C. § 
377I(a)(2); 
• 
A letter for apology from the U.S. Attorney's Office for violating Jane Doe #1 and 
Jane Doe #2's rights; 
• 
A monetary sanction imposed against the U.S. Attorney's Office, to be paid to Jane 
Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 directly or to any other appropriate person or entity;;
• 
An order establishing the precise rule regarding the timing of the obligations of the 
U.S. Attorney's Office to crime victims, including the victims in this case; 
• 
Award of restitution to the victims, including all forms of restitution provided in 18 
U.S.C. § 2259(b) (providing for counseling expenses, lost income, attorneys' fees, 
and other forms of restitution); 
• 
An award of attorney's fees and costs from this Court under the Court's inherent 
authority to enter such an award;' 
• 
The remedies the victims propose in their sealed supplemental pleading on remedies; 
and 
• 
Any other remedy that the Court deems just and proper.5
These remedies address the violations that the victims are alleging. Most important, a 
declaration that the non-prosecution agreement is illegal and void would assist the victims in 
Note: the victims are not seeking "damages" under the CVRA, but rather another 
appropriate sanction. Cf. 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(6) (providing that the CVRA does not "authorize" 
a cause of actions for "damages"). 
The victims are, of course, aware that the CVRA provides that it does not authorize a 
crime victim's claim for "damages." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(6). The victims intend to argue, 
however, that the Court possesses the power to award attorney's fees based on other sources 
outside the CVRA (including its inherent power) and therefore a fee award is appropriate in this 
case. The victims respectfully request an opportunity to file a supplemental brief on the Court's 
authority to award such relief if the Court requires further information on this subject. 
• These specific remedies are against the Government. The victims may also have, in 
addition, specific remedies against individuals. 
EFTA00812526
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 16 of 25 
various ways (including ways described in the victims' supplemental sealed pleading on 
remedies). A party who seeks a finding that a challenged governmental action is void has 
obviously made an allegation that can be addressed by a favorable decision from a court. See, 
e.g., LaRoque v. Holder, 650 F.3d 777, 791 (D.C. Cir. 2011) (allowing case to proceed where 
plaintiff made non-frivolous allegations that government actions were illegal and thus void). 
Moreover, these proposed remedies protect the victims' rights directly. For example, 
they protect the right to "reasonably confer," 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(5), by setting up a conference 
with prosecutors where the victims can fully understand what happened in this case.6 These 
remedies also help protect the victims' right to be treated with "fairness" by disclosing 
information about what happened in this case and specifically the manner in which their rights 
were violated and the potential reason for the violations. These remedies help to protect and 
insure victims' rights by acknowledging the rights and the fact that their rights were violated. 
These remedies also insure, by way of an injunction, that the victims will receive their 
rights in the future, including accurate and timely notice of future court events. These remedies 
will provide attorney's fees for the victims — a claim for attorney's fees alone establishes the 
required constitutional standing to proceed with a case. See, e.g., Castro County, Texas v. 
Crespin, 101 F.3d 121, 126-27 (5th Cir. 1996). The remedies also provide equitable relief for the 
harms the victims have suffered, such as a letter of apology from the Government and injunction 
against future violation of the CVRA. A request for equitable relief is sufficient to establish 
So far in this case, the Government has never given the victims any specifics about its 
handling of the case. If the Court believes that the details of the victims' previous meetings with 
the Government are important to resolving this motion, the victims respectfully request an 
opportunity to provide those details to the Court. 
EFTA00812527
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 17 of 25 
standing to proceed. See Township of Lyndhurst, N.J. v. Priceline.com Inc., 657 F.3d 148, 
155 (r d Cir. 2011) (request for equitable relief creates standing); Amnesty International USA v. 
Clapper, 638 F.3d 118, 140 (2d Cir. 2011) (request for injunction sufficient to confer standing to 
proceed). 
And on top of all that, these remedies also provide a way to insure that those who were 
responsible for violating their rights are appropriately reviewed for possible sanction by the 
Justice Department. For example, as the Court knows, the Government has previously declined 
to investigate the victims' complaint that their rights were violated during the Epstein 
investigation on the grounds that it is Government "policy to refrain from investigating issues or 
allegations that were, are being, or that could have been addressed in the course of litigation, 
unless a court has made a specific finding of misconduct by a DOJ attorney . . . ." Letter from 
Robin C. Ashton to Professor Paul G. Cassell, May 6, 2001, attached as Exhibit 1 to Victim's 
Mot. File Supp. Auth. DE #82. Accordingly, an order by this Court making "a specific finding 
of misconduct by a DOJ attorney" would allow the victims to obtain a Government investigation 
into the circumstances of this case.' 
The Supreme Court has made clear that among the factors the Court should consider 
when reviewing standing challenges relating to a federal statute is whether Congress intended "to 
rely on private litigation to ensure compliance with the Act." Bennett v. Spear, 520 U.S. 154, 
166 (1997). Here there can be no doubt that Congress intended private litigation to enforce the 
CVRA, because the Act itself contains a "standing" provision allowing victims to assert their 
To be clear, the victims at this time are not alleging deliberate misconduct by the line 
attorney who handled the matter, as the decisions in this case about not notifying crime victims 
appear to have been made by supervisory personnel. 
EFTA00812528
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 18 of 25 
rights in district court. 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(1) & (d)(3). The Act also has some "limitations" on 
remedies that do not apply to the remedies the victims are seeking, as explained above. The Act 
then requires this Court to "ensure" that the victims' rights are respected. 
U.S.C. § 
3771(b)(1). In light of all this, this Court must redress the injuries that the victims have alleged. 
As the Senate co-sponsor of the CVRA explained, "it is the clear intent and expectation of 
Congress that the district . . . courts will establish procedures that will allow for a prompt 
adjudication of any issues regarding the assertion of a victim's right, while giving meaning to the 
rights we establish." 150 CONG. REC. 22953 (Oct. 9, 2004) (statement of Sen. Kyl) (emphasis 
added). The proper "procedure" this Court should follow in this case is simply to allow the 
victims' case to proceed and then award the appropriate remedy or remedies at the case's 
concluson.8
D. 
Even if No Remedy is Possible in this Case, the Court Should Decide the 
Merits Because the Issue is Capable of Repetition Yet Would Otherwise 
Evade Review. 
For all the reasons just explained, the Court clearly is in a position to address the CVRA 
violations alleged by the Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2. Even assuming for sake of argument it 
was not, however, the Court would still clearly possess the ability to review the Government's 
violations. A well-recognized principle is that a Court will review an issue that is "capable of 
repetition, yet evading review." See, e.g., Moore v. Ogilvie, 394 U.S. 814, 816 (1969); Swanson 
v. Worley, 490 F.3d 894, 903 n.10 (111h Cir. 2007). If the Court dismisses the victims' case here, 
The Government seems to think that the fact that the victims have not filed any motion 
seeking particular remedies has some bearing on this case. The procedures the victims should 
follow to protect their rights are not completely clear. Accordingly, concurrently with this 
pleading, the victims a filing a motion to have the Court award them all the remedies they seek. 
EFTA00812529
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 19 of 25 
the Government will be free to ignore victims' rights the next time it finds the CVRA to be 
inconvenient when negotiating a plea, and then make the same "lack of remedy" argument it is 
advancing here. The Court should not allow an important federal law — the CVRA — to be 
evaded in this fashion. This case presents important issues concerning the proper administration 
of Congress' statute conferring rights on crime victims. The Court should decide those issues. 
E. 
The Government's Claim that Epstein Must Be a Party to this Case to Reject 
the Non-Prosecution Agreement is Flawed and Premature. 
The Government also suggests that this Court will be unable to order relief in this case 
because the victims have not formally joined Epstein as a party to these proceedings. 
Accordingly, in the Government's view, it is not possible for this Court to invalidate the non-
prosecution agreement. Gov't Mot. Dismiss at 5-6. 
As explained above, the Government lacks "standing" to raise Epstein's arguments for 
him. In any event, with regard to alleged "due process" considerations that the Government 
claims prevent setting aside the non-prosecution agreement, the Government fails to 
acknowledge that Epstein currently has pending before the Court a motion for "limited" 
intervention in this very case. DE #93. Nor does it acknowledge the victims' response to that 
motion, arguing that Epstein cannot limit his intervention to merely a "limited" basis and, more 
important, that he has waived his right to challenge any invalidation of the non-prosecution 
agreement by his deliberate decision to wait to intervene in this case until the Court had made 
various substantive rulings. DE #96. For the reasons expressed by the victims in their pleadings 
there, the Court should reject the Government's argument here. 
EFTA00812530
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 20 of 25 
In the alternative the Court should find that Epstein's due process interests have been 
protected. All that "due process" requires is "an opportunity to be heard." Dusenbery v. United 
States, 534 U.S. 161, 167 (2002) (emphasis added) (internal citation omitted). Epstein has 
plainly had the opportunity to be heard in this case — he has simply chosen not to avail himself of 
it by standing on the sidelines.9 As a result, Epstein has simply waived whatever due process 
right he might otherwise possess. See, e.g., Krieger v. Fadely 211 F.3d 134, 135 (D.C. Cir. 
2000) (finding waiver of right to heard argument where litigant waited months to raise the issue, 
possibly for tactical reasons). 
The Government also appears to argue that Epstein is an indispensable party that must be 
joined in this case. Gov't Mot. Dismiss at 4-5. The Government's argument that the case must 
dismissed for lack of joinder should rejected, at least at this earlier juncture, for several reasons. 
First, although the Government does not cite the applicable rule, the Government's argument 
appears to be one based on Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 19(a), which in certain cases requires 
all "indispensable" parties to be present for a case to proceed. Perhaps the reason that the 
Government does not cite the applicable civil rule is that it has yet to state clearly whether it is 
willing to abide by the civil rules in this case. See, e.g., Gov't Resp. Mot. Order Not Withhold 
Evid., DE #59 at 6-7 (refusing to take a position on whether civil rules apply or not). Indeed, the 
Government has yet to even make its initial productions as required by Rule 26 in civil cases. 
The Government should not be permitted to cherry pick the rules of civil procedure, relying on 
those that it likes and dispensing with those that it does not. 
Epstein, however, has sent in his surrogates to litigate in this case, including his 
criminal defense attorneys Roy Black et al. and an attorney who has represented persons close to 
him, Bruce Reinhart. 
EFTA00812531
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 21 of 25 
Second, the Government's argument provides no basis for entirely dismissing the 
victims' case. Clearly the Court can award some of the proposed remedies the victims seek 
without affecting Epstein in any way, as some of the remedies lie only against the Government. 
For instance, an injunction requiring compliance by the Government with the CVRA does not 
create any harm to Epstein, and thus the victims should be permitted to proceed. 
Third, whether Epstein is truly an indispensable party must await the development of a 
factual record in this case. The victims should accordingly be allowed to proceed with discovery 
in the case and the issue of Epstein's indispensability litigated later. 
Fourth, Epstein himself indicated an intention to intervene at some future point in the 
case. He has explained that if the Court finds a CVRA violation, then "Epstein's interests with 
respect to the validity of the Agreement will become ripe and subject to intervention, rather than 
being simply speculative as they are now and contingent on how the Court rules between now 
and then." Epstein's Omnibus Reply Support Mot. Limited Intervention, DE #I08 at 13 n.3. It 
is therefore premature to say whether or not Epstein will voluntarily appear in the case. 
Fifth, as the victims have argued, Epstein has waived any rights he may have to 
participate in this case by intentionally sitting on the sidelines. 
Finally, in any event, if Epstein is a required party to the victims' action, the victims seek 
leave to either serve Epstein directly or to have the Government do so under its obligations to use 
its "best efforts" to protect victims' rights, 18 U.SC. 3771(c)(1). 
For all these reasons, the Government's motion to dismiss should be denied. 
IV. THE GOVERNMENT'S "RIPENESS" ALLEGATION ALSO LACKS MERIT. 
EFTA00812532
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 22 of 25 
The Government finally argues that the victims' claims are somehow not yet "ripe" for 
decision, even though the victims have been attempting to vindicate their interests for more than 
three years. The Government's argument seems to be that because the Government is willing to 
meet with victims and talk about the case now, the victims' allegation of a violation of the right 
to confer is not yet ripe. 
The Government's argument is specious. As is clear from the victims' pleadings, the 
victims are alleging not merely on-going violations of their right to confer, but also fully-
completed violations of their right to confer that took place between about August 2007 through 
about July 2008, when the Government and Epstein deliberately concealed a secret non-
prosecution agreement from the victims. See, e.g., Victims' Mot. Finding Violations of CVRA, 
DE #48 at 1-2 (citing specific actions in 2007 and 2008 that constituted CVRA violations of the 
right to confer). Clearly litigation about whether the Government illegally hid the agreement 
from the victims in 2007 and 2008 is "ripe" for decision. To show an issue is ripe for decision, a 
party must show "an actual injury already sustained." Warner Cable Communications, Inc. v. 
City of Niceville, 911 F.2d 634, 640 (11ih Cir. 1990). Here the victims have plainly alleged 
injuries "already sustained" — specifically, violations of their CVRA rights in 2007 and 2008. 
The Government's argument is also incomplete. 
The Government's argument is 
predicated on the fact that the only right the Government violated was their right to confer. But 
the victims have also alleged violations of their right to be treated with fairness and their right to 
reasonable and accurate notice of court proceedings. These additional claims are clearly "ripe" 
for adjudication, because the facts surrounding them have already occurred — i.e., the 
EFTA00812533
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 23 of 25 
Government treated the victims unfairly in (at least) 2007 and 2008 and failed to provide proper 
notice as required by the CVRA in June 2008. 
Finally, the Government's argument is simply wrong. The Government thinks that 
because it is willing to meet with the victims after it has made the decision to not to prosecute 
Epstein for federal sex offenses he committed against them that it has discharged its obligations 
under the CVRA. Nothing could be further from the truth. Senator Kyl stated emphatically that 
"(w]hen a case is resolved through a plea bargain without the victim's knowledge or 
participation, a grave injustice has been committed by the authorities." Jon Kyl et al., On the 
Wings of Their Angels: The Scott Campbell, Stephanie Roper, Wendy Preston, Louania Gillis, 
and Nila Lynn Crime Victims' Rights Act, 9 LEWIS & CLARK L. REV. 581, 602 (2005). 
That 
"grave injustice" is exactly what the authorities committed here — the Government illegally 
entered into an agreement disposing of the victims' cases "without the victim's knowledge." 
Under the CVRA, prosecutors must "confer in some reasonable way with the victims before 
ultimately exercising its broad discretion." In re Dean, 527 F.3d at 395 (emphasis added) 
(internal citations omitted). The victims' argument that the Government failed to do so here is 
"ripe" for adjudication. 
Finally, even if the Government somehow has an argument that it has now ceased 
violating the victims' rights — i.e., it is now willing to confer with them — that would not deprive 
this Court of the ability to decide this case. "It has long been the rule that voluntary cessation of 
allegedly illegal conduct does not deprive the tribunal of power to hear and determine the case . . 
" Christian Coalition of Florida, Inc. v. U.S., ---F.3d---, 2011 WL 55553651 at *10 (11th Cir. 
2011). Boiled down, the Government's argument seems to be that while it may have violated 
EFTA00812534
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 24 of 25 
the CVRA in 2007 and 2008, it is has now learned its lesson and stopped violating the CVRA in 
2011. Even if that is true, that voluntary cessation argument does not deprive this Court of the 
ability to review this case. 
CONCLUSION 
The Court should deny the Government's motion to dismiss. 
DATED: December 5, 2011 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 801-585-6833 
E-Mail: cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 
EFTA00812535
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 127 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/05/2011 Page 25 of 25 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
The foregoing document was served on December 5, 2011, on the following using the 
Court's CM/ECF system: 
Dexter Lee 
A. Marie Villafarla 
Assistant U.S. Attorneys 
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 820-8711 
Fax: (561) 820-8777 
E-mail: Dexter.Lee@usdoj.gov 
E-mail: ann.marie.c.villafanaeusdoj.gov 
Attorneys for the Government 
Roy Black, Esq. 
Jackie Perczek, Esq. 
Black, Srebnick, Kornspan & Stumpf, P.A. 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 1300 
Miami, FL 33131 
(305) 37106421 
(305) 358-2006 
Martin G. Weinberg, P.C. 
Park Plaza 
Suite 1000 
Boston, MA 02116 
(617) 227-3700 
(617) 338-9538 
EFTA00812536

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812537.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 1 of 14 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MAFtRA 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2, 
petitioners, 
VS. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
respondent. 
FILED by 
D.C. 
JUN 1 8 2013 
STEVEN M LARIMORE 
CLERK U S DST. L., 
S. D. of FLA - 
, 
ORDER DENYING GOVERNMENT'S MOTION TO DISMISS 
FOR LACK OF SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION & 
ORDER LIFTING STAY OF DISCOVERY 
THIS CAUSE is before the court on the government's motion to dismiss for lack of subject 
matter jurisdiction [DE 119], the petitioners' response in opposition [DE 127] and the government's 
reply [DE 147]. For reasons stated below, the court has determined to deny the motion. 
I. Preface 
The petitioners in this action seek to vacate a "non-prosecution agreement" ("the agreement") 
between the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida (USAO/SDFL) and 
Jeffrey Epstein (Epstein) pursuant to the Crime Victims' Rights Act of 2004 (CVRA), 18 U.S.C. 
§3771. Under the agreement, Epstein agreed to (1) plead guilty to two then pending state court 
charges, solicitation of prostitution and solicitation of minors to engage in prostitution (a charge 
requiring him to register as a sex offender), in violation of Fla. Stat. §§796.07 and 796.03 and 
(2) make a binding recommendation for an eighteen-month sentence in county jail followed by 
twelve months of community control. In exchange for Epstein's performance, the USAO/SDFL 
agreed to (1) defer prosecution of related federal offenses against Epstein which had been 
EFTA00812537
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 2 of 14 
investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) ' in favor of prosecution by the State of 
Florida and (2) refrain from instituting criminal charges against certain alleged co-conspirators 
of Epstein. Further, the USAO/SDFL and Epstein expressed their "anticipat[ion]" that the 
"agreement will not be made part of any public record. " Additionally, the USAO/SDFL promised 
to provide Epstein advance notice before disclosing the agreement in response to a Freedom of 
Information Act request or compulsory process commanding disclosure [DE 48-5, pp. 2-15]. 
IL Factual Background 
As outlined in their CVRA petition and supplemental pleadings filed in this action, 
petitioners allege the following sequence of events, which the court assumes to be true at the motion 
to dismiss stage:2
1. In 2006, the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened an investigation into allegations that 
Epstein had been inducing minor females to engage in commercial sexual activity over the preceding 
five year period of time. The United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida 
accepted the case for prosecution, and in June, 2007 and August, 2007, the FBI issued standard 
The agreement enumerated certain federal offenses which the FBI and the United States 
Attorney's Office determined may have been committed by Epstein between 2001 through 2007, 
including conspiracy to use and the use of facilities of interstate commerce to persuade, induce or 
entice minor females to engage in prostitution in violation of 18 U.S.C. §2422(b); conspiracy to 
travel and travel in interstate commerce for purpose of engaging in illicit sexual conduct with minor 
females in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2423(b); knowingly recruiting, enticing and obtaining persons 
under the age of eighteen years to engage in commercial sex acts in violation of 18 U.S.C. 
§1591(a)(1). 
See Cole v. United States, 755 F.2d 873 (IP' Cir. 1985)(in reviewing motion to dismiss for lack 
of subject matter jurisdiction under Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b), reviewing court must assume as true all 
"factual" allegations in the complaint). 
EFTA00812538
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 3 of 14 
victim notification letters to the petitioners Jane Doe No. 1 and Jane Doe No. 2. 
2. On September 24, 2007, the USAO/SDFL entered into the above-described non-
prosecution agreement with Epstein without first conferring with petitioners, and without alerting 
them to the existence of the agreement either before or promptly after the fact.' Petitioners claim 
they were kept in the dark about the agreement for roughly nine months - with no mention of the 
federal deal made in intervening correspondence and verbal communications between petitioners, 
the FBI and the local United States Attorney's Office.' 
3. On June 27, 2008, the Assistant United States Attorney assigned to the Epstein case 
contacted petitioners' counsel to advise that Epstein was scheduled to plead guilty to certain state 
court charges on June 30, 2008, without mentioning that the anticipated plea in the state court was 
a term of the pre-existing non-prosecution agreement with the federal authorities. 
4. On July 3, 2008, petitioners' counsel sent a letter to the USAO/SDFL advising that Jane 
'The government appears to concede the non-conferral, stating in its reply brief: 
While it may be true that the USAO-SDFL did not inform Petitioners and confer with 
them about the Non-Prosecution Agreement before it signed that agreement, the 
USAO-SDFL had conferred with both of the Petitioners about the potential 
prosecution of Epstein and was aware that Jane Doe #1 wished to see Epstein 
prosecuted and that, at that time, Jane Doe #2 had expressed open hostility toward 
any prosecution of Epstein. 
[DE 147, page 31]. 
The post-agreement communications are alleged to include a May 30, 2008 letter from the 
USAO/SDFL to a recognized victim advising that the case "is currently under investigation" and that 
"it can be a lengthy process and we request your continued patience while we conduct a through 
investigation." In addition, the USAO/SDFL allegedly sent a letter to the victims' counsel in June, 
2008, asking them to submit a letter expressing the victims' views on why federal charges should 
be filed against Epstein -- without mentioning that the USAO/SDFL had already entered into the 
non-prosecution agreement. 
EFTA00812539
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 4 of 14 
Doe No. I wished to see federal charges brought against Epstein. 
HI. Procedural History 
5. On July 7, 2008, Jane Doe No. I filed an "emergency" petition under the CVRA, 
contending that Epstein was currently involved in plea negotiations with the USAO/SDFL, which 
"may likely result in a disposition of the charges in the next several days." [CVRA Petition, DE 1, 
¶3]. Claiming to be wrongfully excluded from those discussions, Jane Doe 1 asserted the violation 
of her CVRA rights to confer with federal prosecutors; to be treated with fairness; to receive 
timely notice of relevant court proceedings and to receive information about her right to restitution. 
As relief, she requested entry of an injunction directing the United States Attorney's Office to 
"comply with the provisions of the CVRA prior to and including any plea or other agreement with 
[Epstein] and any attendant proceedings." 
6. On July 9, 2008, the government filed its response, disclaiming application of the CVRA 
to pre-charge negotiations with prospective defendants. Alternatively, the government contended 
it did use its "best efforts" to comply with CVRA notice and conferral requirements in its dealings 
with Jane Doe I. 
7. On July 11, 2008, the court entertained a hearing on the initial petition. During the course 
of that proceeding, the court allowed an amendment of the petition to include Jane Doe No. 2 as a 
complainant. The government acknowledged at that time that both petitioners met the definition 
of "crime victims" under the CVRA. 
EFTA00812540
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 5 of 14 
8. Over the course of the next eighteen months, the CVRA case stalled as petitioners 
pursued collateral civil claims against Epstein. The CVRA case was administratively closed on 
September 9, 2010, and then re-opened at petitioners' request on October 28, 2010. Since then, 
petitioners have submitted a "Motion for Finding of Violations of the CVRA" and a supporting 
statement of facts [DE 48]. 
9. On September 26, 2011, the court entered its order partially granting the petitioners' 
motion for a finding of violations of the CVRA, recognizing that the CVRA can apply before 
formal charges are filed against an accused. The court deferred ruling on the merits of the motion 
pending development of a full factual record, and authorized petitioners to conduct limited 
discovery in the form of requests for production of documents and requests for admissions directed 
to the U.S. Attorney's Office, with leave for either party to request additional discovery as 
appropriate [DE 99]. 
10. On November 8, 2011, the government moved to dismiss the entire CVRA proceeding 
for lack of subject matter jurisdiction [DE 119], and successfully sought a stay of discovery pending 
resolution of that motion [DE 121, 123]. In its current motion to dismiss, the government first 
contends that "even assuming that the CVRA was violated as petitioners claim, petitioners lack 
standing to seek redress for those violations" because the remedy petitioners seek- - a vacating or 
re-opening of the non-prosecution agreement — is not a legally viable option at this juncture. 
Alternatively, the government argues that petitioners' CVRA claims are not "constitutionally ripe" 
because petitioners have a present ability to confer with prosecutorial authorities in other 
jurisdictions, namely the United States Attorney's Offices of the District of New Jersey and New 
York, which share jurisdiction and venue over the federal offenses potentially chargeable against 
EFTA00812541
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 6 of 14 
Epstein for crimes committed in this District. Thus, the government asserts that it is premature and 
speculative for petitioners to bring a claim for the prospective denial of CVRA conferral rights, 
rendering their current claims constitutionally unripe. These arguments are addressed, in turn, in the 
discussion which follows. 
IV. Discussion 
"[T]he core component of standing is an essential and unchanging part of the case-or-
controversy requirement of Article III." Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, 504 U.S. 555, 560, 112 S. 
Ct. 2130, 119 L.Ed.2d 351 (1992). To satisfy Article III's minimum standing requirements, a 
plaintiff must generally show (1) it has suffered an injury in fact — i.e. the invasion of a legally 
protected interest that is concrete and particularized, as well as actual or imminent; (2) the injury 
is fairly traceable to the challenged action of the defendant, and (3) it is likely, as opposed to merely 
speculative, that the injury will be redressed by a favorable decision. Id. at 560-561. 
Here, the government contends petitioners are unable to satisfy the third prong of this test 
on the theory it is legally impossible for petitioners to obtain the relief which they seek - the 
vacating of the non-prosecution agreement as a predicate to the full and unfettered exercise of their 
CVRA conferral rights — and that they are therefore unable to show a likelihood that the CVRA 
injury alleged will be redressed by a favorable decision in the case. More specifically, the 
government contends that rescission of an otherwise valid plea or non-prosecution agreement (i.e. 
an agreement containing no illegal terms or conditions) is prohibited by constitutional Due Process 
guarantees - even if entered in violation of the CVRA. Alternatively, the government argues that 
even if the court could set the agreement aside and order the government to confer with petitioners 
before arriving at a final prosecutorial decision regarding Epstein, the gesture would be futile. The 
EFTA00812542
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 7 of 14 
government claims that the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida 
would still be legally bound to abide by the terms of the September 24, 2007 agreement,' 
eliminating the possibility that exercise of petitioners' conferral rights under the CVRA might lead 
to a different federal charging outcome. 
The court disagrees. As a threshold matter, the court finds that the CVRA is properly 
interpreted to authorize the rescission or "re-opening" of a prosecutorial agreement - including a 
non-prosecution arrangement — reached in violation of a prosecutor's conferral obligations under 
the statute. Clearly, the statute contemplates such a result where, under the "enforcement and 
limitations" provision, § 3771(d)(5), the conditions under which "[a] victim may make a motion to 
re-open a plea or sentence" in order to remedy a failure to afford a right provided under the CVRA 
are specifically prescribed. If the government's theory was correct, i.e. that no otherwise valid plea 
may be disturbed, notwithstanding a CVRA violation, as a matter of constitutional due process 
guarantees -- the statutory prescriptions for "re-opening" a plea or sentence reached in violation 
of the CVRA would effectively be nullified. The court will not embrace such a strained construction 
of the statute. 
The government acknowledges that the USAO/SDFL has been recused by the Department of 
Justice for prospective responsibility of any further criminal investigation or potential prosecution 
of Epstein relating to his alleged sexual activities with minor females in the Southern District of 
Florida, and that responsibility for any future prosecutorial action arising out of Epstein's alleged 
criminal activity in this district has now been assigned to the United States Attorney's Office for the 
Middle District of Florida [Government Motion to Dismiss, page 8, n. 8][DE 119]. However, it 
contends, without explanation, that the September 24, 2007 non-prosecution agreement would still 
constrain the Middle District of Florida United States Attorney's Office "due to that office's recusal-
based derivative prosecutorial responsibilities in the Southern District of Florida" [Government 
Motion to Dismiss, page 12, n. 13][DE 119]. 
EFTA00812543
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 8 of 14 
Although this particular statutory enforcement provision expressly refers to the re-opening 
of a "plea" or "sentence"— events falling in the post-charge stage of criminal proceedings — the court 
concludes that the statute is properly interpreted impliedly to authorize a "re-opening" or setting 
aside of pre-charge prosecutorial agreements made in derogation of the government's CVRA 
conferral obligations as well. 
First, the court concludes that the "reasonable right to confer ... in the case " guaranteed by 
the CVRA at §3771(a)(5) is properly read to extend to the pre-charge stage of criminal 
investigations and proceedings, certainly where -- as here-- the relevant prosecuting authority has 
formally accepted a case for prosecution. The case law and legislative history of the statute support 
such an expansive reading of the statutory mandate. See United States v. BP Products North 
America, Inc., 2008 WL 501321 at * 11-15 (S.D. Tex. 2008)(unpub), citing 150 Cong. Rec. 52460, 
54268 (daily ed. Apr 22, 2004)(statement of Senator Feinstein)(explaining that the right to confer 
was "intended to be expansive," applying to "any critical state or disposition of the case") and United 
States v. Heaton, 458 F. Supp. 2d 1272 (D. Utah 2006)(govemment motion to dismiss charge of 
using facility of interstate commerce to entice minors to engage in unlawful sexual activity would 
not be granted until government consulted with victim); United States v. Ingrassia, 2005 WL 
2875220 at *17 n. 11 (Senate Debate supports view that contemplated mechanism for victims to 
obtain information on which to base their input was conferral with prosecutor concerning any critical 
stage or disposition of the case), and United States Department of Justice, Attorney General 
Guidelines for Victim and Witness Assistance 30 (2005)("Responsible officials should make 
reasonable efforts to notify identified victims of, and consider victims' views about, prospective 
plea negotiations.") 
EFTA00812544
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 9 of 14 
In short, there is no logical reason to treat a "non-prosecution agreement" which the 
government employs to dispose of contemplated federal charges any differently from a "plea 
agreement" employed to dispose of charged offenses in interpreting remedies available under the 
CVRA. Where the statute expressly contemplates that a "plea" may be set aside if entered in 
violation of CVRA conferral rights, it necessarily contemplates that a "non-prosecution" agreement 
may be set aside if entered in violation of the government's conferral obligations. 
Thus, in their petition and supplemental pleadings, Jane Doe 1 and 2 have identified a 
remedy which is likely to redress the injury complained of— the setting aside of the non-prosecution 
agreement as a prelude to the full unfettered exercise of their conferral rights at a time that will 
enable the victims to exercise those rights meaningfully. See BP Products North America, supra 
at *14 ("Section 3771(c)(1) requires government officials to use best efforts to give victims notice 
of their rights under subsection (1), including the right to confer, at a time that will enable the 
victims to exercise these rights meaningfully"). Thus, petitioners do not lack constitutional standing 
because of an inability to identify a remedy for their alleged injury. 
Nor is the court persuaded by the government's "futility" argument, derived from its stated 
perception that the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida (and 
derivatively the United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Florida) would be 
constrained to honor the terms of the September 24, 2007 agreement even if the court were to set it 
aside and order the government to confer with the victims before reaching a final charging decision. 
EFTA00812545
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 10 of 14 
The fallacy with this strand of the government's standing argument derives from its misidentification 
of the alleged injury sought to be remedied in the case: The victims' CVRA injury is not the 
government's failure to prosecute Epstein federally — an end within the sole control of the 
government. Rather, it is the government's failure to confer with the victims before disposing of 
contemplated federal charges. This injury can be redressed by setting aside the agreement and 
requiring the government to handle its disposition of the Epstein case in keeping with the mandates 
of the CVRA, including the pre-charge conferral obligations of the government. 
The court rejects the notion that a victim must show the likelihood or at least a possibility 
of a prosecution as a pre- requisite to demonstrating standing for redress of conferral rights under 
the CVRA - which is the fundamental premise of the government's futility argument. What the 
government chooses to do after a conferral with the victims is a matter outside the reach of the 
CVRA, which reserves absolute prosecutorial discretion to the government. 18 U.S.C. §3771 
(d)(6)("Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to impair the prosecutorial discretion of the 
Attorney General or any officer under his direction"). 
While the law of standing does require, as a general proposition, that a federal plaintiff show 
some logical nexus between the asserted injury and the claim sought to be adjudicated (i. e. a 
likelihood that the relief sought is likely to vindicate the injury), Linda R.S. v. Richard D., 410 U.S. 
614, 93 S. Ct. 1146, 35 L.Ed. 2d 536 (1973), these requirements apply only in the absence of a 
statute expressly conferring standing. Id. at 617 n. 3 ("[] Congress may enact statutes creating leal 
rights, the invasion of which creates standing, even though no injury would exist without the 
statute"), citing Trafficante v. Metropolitan Life Ins. Co., 409 U.S. 205, 212, 93 S. Ct. 364, 368, 34 
L.Ed. 2d 415 (1972). It is apparent, through the passage of the CVRA, that Congress has enacted 
EFTA00812546
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 11 of 14 
a statute expressly conferring certain legal rights upon "crime victims," the invasion of which 
creates standing to seek relief under the CVRA, even though no cognizable injury would exist 
without the statute. It is also apparent that the petitioners in this case meet the definition of "crime 
victims" conferred with standing to assert the subject CVRA claims. 
The CVRA at §3771(e) defines a "crime victim" as " a person directly and proximately 
harmed as a result of the commission of a Federal offense." In the Eleventh Circuit, a two-part test 
is employed to determine whether an individual qualifies as a crime victim under this statute: First, 
the court must identify the behavior constituting the "commission of a Federal offense." Second, 
the court must identify the direct and proximate effects of that behavior on parties other than the 
United States. In re Stewart, 552 F.3d 1285 (II" Cir. 2008). If the criminal behavior causes a party 
direct and proximate harmful effect, the party is considered a victim under the CVRA. Id at 1288. 
The non-prosecution agreement at issue refers to five distinct federal sex offense crimes 
involving minors contemplated against Epstein, the direct and proximate harmful effects of which 
were allegedly visited upon the petitioners, plainly qualifying them as crime victims within the 
meaning of the CVRA. As such, they have standing to assert rights under the CVRA, as they have 
done in this case. See e.g. United States v. Thetford, 
F. Supp. 2d 
, 2013 WL 1309851 
(N.D. Ala. 2013). Presented with these claims, the court is obligated to decide whether, as crime 
victims, petitioners have asserted valid reasons why the court should vacate or re-open the non-
prosecution agreement reached between Epstein and the USAO/SDFL. Whether the evidentiary 
proofs will entitle them to that relief is a question properly reserved for determination upon a fully 
EFTA00812547
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 12 of 14 
developed evidentiary record. 6
In sum, the petitioners' standing is expressly conferred by the CVRA, which limits its 
protections to "crime victim(s)," defined as "person[s] directly and proximately harmed as a result 
of the commission of a Federal offense ..." 18 U.S.C. §3771(e). The court finds and the government 
does not dispute that petitioners are persons "directly and proximately harmed" as the result of 
federal offenses allegedly committed by Epstein. This concludes the proper confines of the standing 
inquiry. 
Recognizing the need for a developed evidentiary record, the court accordingly rejects the 
government's related "estoppel" argument as an independent attack on petitioners' constitutional 
standing to sue. In this vein, the government argues that the petitioners are legally precluded from 
seeking rescission of the non-prosecution agreement under any scenario because they had, but 
forfeited, an opportunity to press for rescission at an early stage in these CVRA proceedings--
before Epstein performed his part of the bargain (i.e. before he served jail time on the two state 
charges). 
Due to petitioners' counsel's initial "indecision" on whether to seek rescission, as 
expressed at an earlier hearing held in August 2008, the government argues that "[elven assuming 
arguendo that the CVRA would allow a victim to seek rescission of a non- prosecution agreement 
between the government and an uncharged individual, petitioners' action would legally preclude 
them from obtaining such a remedy in these proceedings." 
Whether petitioners are estopped from seeking vindication of their CVRA conferral rights 
via the vehicle of rescission or a "re-opening" of the non-prosecution agreement due to an earlier 
litigation posture assumed in this case-- as the government contends -- implicates a fact-sensitive 
equitable defense which must be considered in the historical factual context of the entire interface 
between Epstein, the relevant prosecutorial authorities and the federal offense victims — including 
an assessment of the allegation of a deliberate conspiracy between Epstein and federal prosecutors 
to keep the victims in the dark on the pendency of negotiations between Epstein and federal 
authorities until well after the fact and presentation of the non-prosecution agreement to them as a 
fait accompli. As with threshold questions going to the existence of the alleged CVRA violations, 
questions pertaining to this equitable defense are properly left for resolution after development of 
a full evidentiary record. 
EFTA00812548
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 13 of 14 
B. Ripeness 
The "ripeness doctrine," under which a plaintiff lacks standing if his claim is not ripe, aims 
to prevent the courts, through avoidance of premature adjudication, from entangling themselves in 
abstract disagreements over administrative policies. Pashby v. Delia, 709 F.3d 307 (4th Cir. 2013); 
Brennan v. Roman Catholic Diocese of Syracuse New York, Inc., 322 Fed. Appx. 852, 2009 WL 
941765 (11th Cir. 2009)(unpub). 
In this case, the government contends that the petitioners' CVRA conferral claims are not 
constitutionally ripe because petitioners do not allege they have sought and have been denied 
conferral with all federal prosecutorial authorities having potential jurisdiction over Epstein's 
federal sex crimes in the Southern District of Florida. Specifically, the government argues that the 
United States Attorney's Office of the Districts of New Jersey and New York share jurisdiction with 
the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida over federal sex offenses 
allegedly committed by Epstein in the Southern District of Florida, and that petitioners' CVRA 
conferral claims are not ripe unless and until all other relevant prosecutorial authorities refuse or fail 
to confer with them regarding federal offenses chargeable against Epstein. 
The court summarily rejects this argument. Petitioners have alleged a violation of their 
CVRA conferral rights against a federal prosecutorial authority which formally accepted the case 
against Epstein for prosecution. Whether conferral rights do or do not exist with prosecutorial 
authorities in some other jurisdiction does not detract from the ripeness of this claim against a local 
federal prosecutorial authority which did actively investigate potential charges against Epstein in 
this district and formally resolved those charges with the challenged non-prosecution agreement at 
EFTA00812549
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 14 of 14 
issue in this action. 
III. Conclusion 
Based on the foregoing, it is ORDERED AND ADJUDGED: 
I. The government's motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction [DE 119] is 
DENIED. 
2. The stay of discovery pending ruling on the government's motion to dismiss entered 
November 8, 2011 [DE# 123] is LIFTED. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Florida this 18th day of June, 
2013. 
Kenneth A. Marra 
United States District Judge 
cc. All counsel 
_SEALED 
/..<N0T SEALED 
EFTA00812550

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812551.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812551.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 913 Filed 05/10/17 Page 1 of 1 
B 
BOLES 
SCHILLER 
IF FLEXNER 
Sigrid McCawley, Esq. 
E-mail: smccawlevObsale.com 
May 10, 2017 
VIA ECF 
Honorable Judge Robert W. Sweet 
District Court Judge 
United States District Court 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007 
Re: 
Giuffre v. Maxwell, 
Case No.: 15-cv-07433-RWS 
Dear Judge Sweet, 
in accordance with the phone conference on May 8, 2017 with the Court, the parties 
agree and respectfully request that the deposition set for Thursday, May 11, 2017 will be 
adjourned until May 25, 2017. 
Respectfully submitted. 
1st Sigrid McCawlev 
Sigrid McCawley, Esq. 
Counsel for Plaintiff Virginia Giuffre 
1s/ Jeff Paeliuca 
Jeff Pagliuca, Esq. 
Counsel for Defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell 
SM:akc 
cc: 
Jeff Pagliuca, Esq. (via e-mail) 
Laura Menninger, Esq. (via e-mail) 
BOLES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
401 East Los Olos Boulevard. Sudo 1200. Fort Lauderdale. FL 3330:1(t) 954 356 00111 (0 954 356 0022 I www.bstlIp.cam 
EFTA00812551

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812552.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 914 Filed 05/11/17 Page 1 of 1 
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 913 Filed 05/10/17 Page 1 of 1 
BSF 
iCIES 
ECI.• , ' LEP 
May 10, 2017 
VIA ECF 
Honorable Judge Robert W. Sweet 
District Court Judge 
United States District Court 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007 
Re: 
Giuffre v. Haswell, 
Case No.: 154"v-07433-MS 
Dear Judge Sweet, 
Sigrid McCawley, Esq. 
E mail SmccawlavebsiMES9M 
I I 
In accordance with the phone conference on May 8, 2017 with the Court. the parties 
agree and respectfully request that the deposition set for Thursday, May 11, 2017 will be 
adjourned until May 25. 2017 
Respectfully submitted, 
MeCinvleY 
Sigrid McCawley, Esq. 
Counsel for Plaintiff, Virginia Giuffre 
/5/ Jeff Pagthiea 
Jeff Pagliuca, Esq. 
Counsel for Defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell 
SM:akc 
cc: 
Jeff Pagliuca, Esq. (via e-mail) 
Laura Menninger, Esq. (via e-mail) 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER 
401 East Las OW Sou °yard Su tv 12CC. Fort Lowderclote FL 3333:1(0 954 356 CCII I (0 954 3b6 0C22I www bsflip co—
EFTA00812552

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812553.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK Document 41 Filed 05/19/17 Page 1 of 2 
, 
Cass Action 
Personal 
y 
Sex.
wale Li Death 
vThistletioser Can 
WWW.PATHTOJUSTICE.COM 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos Et Lehrman, P.L. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
brad@pathtojustice.com 
May 19, 2017 
Honorable John G. Koeltl 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007-1312 
RE: 
Jane Doe 43 v. Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, et. Al 
Case No. No. 17 Civ. 00616 (JGK) 
Dear Judge Koeltl: 
We are counsel for Jane Doe 43 in the above referenced matter and we write in response to the 
letter submitted by Defendants on May 18, 2017 requesting an adjournment of the June 2, 2017 
hearing. Defendants ignored your individual practice rules and failed to set forth Plaintiff's 
position that she objects to any further delay of this hearing. 
From the initial Rule 26(f) conferral, Plaintiff and Defendants have had one fundamental 
disagreement in need of immediate resolution. Plaintiff desires to exchange Rule 26 disclosures 
immediately and begin discovery, while Defendant refuses to do so and insists on doing nothing 
until the Motion to Dismiss is fully briefed and the Court rules on it. Plaintiff recently 
communicated with Defendants' counsel on May 16, 2017, her desire to proceed with the 
scheduled hearing and raise with the Court that both parties should be required to submit their Rule 
disclosures without further delay and proceed with discovery. 
Defendants are taking the position that the hearing should be adjourned and Defendants should not 
be required to exchange their Rule 26 disclosures or otherwise participate in discovery until the 
Court has resolved the Motion to Dismiss, which according to the briefing schedule will delay 
even basic disclosures in this case for months. Defendants cannot unilaterally decide against 
425 N. Andrews Avenue • Suite 2 • Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Toll Free: 800.400.1098 • Office: 954.524.2820 • Fax: 954.524.2822 
EFTA00812553
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1 :17-cv-00616 -JG K 
Honorable John G. Koeltl 
May 19, 2017 
Page 2 
Document 41 Filed 05/19/17 Page 2 of 2 
exchanging Rule 26 disclosures and effectively grant themselves a stay by seeking 
June 2, 2017 hearing; however, that is exactly what they have done. 
Plaintiff respectfully requests that the Court proceed with the June 2, 2017 hearing 
Defendants' efforts at delay can be properly addressed. 
Very Truly Yours, 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS and LEHRMAN, PL 
Bradley J Tiwar& 
Bradley J. Edwards 
BJE:mwk 
to adjourn the 
at which time 
EFTA00812554

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812555.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 918 Filed 05/25/17 Page 1 of 1 
RICHARD D. EMERY 
ANDREW G. CELLI, JR. 
MATTHEW D. BRINCKERHOFF 
JONATHAN S. ABADY 
EARLS. WARD 
IIANN M. MAAZEL 
HAL R. LIEBERMAN 
DANIEL J. KORnsmm 
O. ANDREW F. WILSON 
ELIZABETH S. SAYLOR 
DEBRA L GREENBERGER 
ZOE SALZMAN 
SAM SHAPIRO 
ALISON FRICK 
DAVID LEBOwrrz 
HAYLEY HoRowrrz. 
DOUGLAS E. LIES 
ALANNA KAUFMAN 
JESSICA CLARKE 
EMMA L FREEMAN 
EMERY CELLI BRINCKERHOFF & ABADY LLP 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
600 FIFTH AVILNUE AT ROCKEFELLER CENTER 
10'" FLOOR 
New Yomx,NEwYoRE 10020 
May 25, 2017 
Via ECF and Facsimile (212) 805-7925 
Hon. Robert W. Sweet 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
500 Pearl Street, Room 1940 
New York, NY 10007 
TELEPIIONE 
(212)763.5000 
FACSIMILE 
(212)763.5001 
WEB ADDRESS 
www.ccbalaw.com 
CHARLES J. OOLETREE, JR. 
DIANE L HOUK 
Re: 
Giube v. Maxwell, No. 15 Civ. 7433 (RWS) 
Dear Judge Sweet: 
This firm represents Intervenor Alan M. Dershowitz. We write to request leave to file a 
letter under seal ("Letter"), pursuant to this Court's Protective Order (Dkt. No. 62). 
The Letter extensively discusses and entirely concerns materials that are subject to the 
Protective Order. As set forth more fully in the Letter, our request is made in anticipation of the 
parties' forthcoming motion practice concerning the confidentiality of a deposition transcript. 
Intervenor takes no position on whether or not the transcript should be unsealed, but requests 
that—if the Court unseals the deposition—it also simultaneously unseal several related emails 
and attachments ("the Emails"). Unsealing the Emails will demonstrate the testimony concerning 
the Intervenor and others is false and that the deponent is not credible. 
Intervenor therefore requests permission from the Court to file the Letter under seal and 
serve it upon counsel and the Court by email, pursuant to your Honor's local rules. 
Respectfully submitted, 
c. 
All Counsel of Record (via ECF) 
EFTA00812555

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812556.pdf
----------------------------------------
Nita ffittatgl? Alik2lubgWOB-7 
tf 1
sato 
Masi Way 
tea*/ teak 
witsurnese 
VAIA, .PATIMCOUSnci . 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos it Lehrman, PI. 
Bradley L Edwards 
bradgpathtojustice.com 
May 17, 2017 
Honorable John O. Koelti 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007-1312 
RE: 
Jane Doe 43 v. Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, et AI 
Case No. No. 17 Civ. 00616 (JGK) 
Dear Judge Koeltl: 
'1 his is a letta motion requesting permission for Plaintiff to telephonically appear for the pretrial 
conference, currently scheduled for Monday, May 22, 2017, at 4:30pm. Thank you very much tor 
your time and consideration. 
Very Truly Yours, 
FARMER, JAFFE, WE1SSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS and LEHRMAN, PL 
2Wadley J. 't awards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
BJE:mwk 
USDC SDNV 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC:, 
DATE FILED: 
Cciele"e^TI 40.10vA-A-69 ro 
Fit-lotY, Jaw( it, Po, Ar 11:304, A, 
C Ptlivraf CA-- APe6Ah r(LE NOA a ALL7 
004 
fro
Tau Flee: MONA 
. 
esingsm_zaz2
EFTA00812556

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812557.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK Document 38 Filed 05/17/17 Page 1 of 1 
CiJIS ACIRKI 
krsonal Injuy 
SY. AtusP 
wreck,' Death 
vThistlitemer Clans 
WWW.PATHTOJUSTICE.COM 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos Et Lehrman, P.L. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
brad@pathtojustice.com 
May 17, 2017 
Honorable John G. Koeltl 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007-1312 
RE: 
Jane Doe 43 v. Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, et. Al 
Case No. No. 17 Civ. 00616 (JGK) 
Dear Judge Koeltl: 
This is a letter motion requesting permission for Plaintiff to telephonically appear for the pretrial 
conference, currently scheduled for Monday, May 22, 2017, at 4:30pm. Thank you very much for 
your time and consideration. 
Very Truly Yours, 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS and LEHRMAN, PL 
Bradley J  Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
BJE:mwk 
425 N. Andrews Avenue • Suite 2 • Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Toll Free: 800.400.1098 • Office: 954.524.2820 • Fax: 954.524.2822 
EFTA00812557

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812558.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK-SN Document 154 Filed 10/09/18 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
USDC SDNY 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
DOCUMENT 
X 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOCit 
, 
JANE DOE 43, 
DATE FILED: 
Plaintiff, 
- against — 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, ET AL., 
Defendants. 
X 
Civ. 616 (JGK) 
lC 
ft7o-woese( 
ORDER OF REFERENCE 
0/574? 
TO A MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
JOHN G. KOELTL, District Judge: 
The above entitled action is referred to the designated Magistrate Judge for the following 
purpose(s): 
X_ 
General Pretrial (includes scheduling, 
discovery, non-dispositive pretrial motions, 
and settlement) 
Specific Non-Dispositive 
Motion/Dispute:• 
If referral is for discovery disputes when 
the District Judge is unavailable, the time 
period of the referral is: 
Settlement• 
Inquest After Default/Damages Hearing 
SO ORDERED. 
DATED: 
Ncw York, New York 
October 4, 2018 
Consent under 28 U.S.C. §636(c) for all 
purposes (including trial) 
Consent under 28 U.S.C.§636(c) for 
limited purpose (e.g., dispositive motion, 
preliminary injunction) 
Purpose: 
Habeas Corpus 
Social Security 
Dispositive Motion (i.e., motion requiring 
a Report and Recommendation) 
Particular Motion: 
All such motions: 
et9e'e
John G. Koch 
United States District Judge 
• Do not cheek if airead> referred for general pretrial. 
EFTA00812558

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812559.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK-SN Document 155 Filed 10/09/18 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
JANE DOE 43, 
-against-
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al., 
Plaintiff, 
Defendants. 
X 
USDC SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC #: 
DATE FILED:r  10/9/20I8 
17-CV-00616 (JGK)(SN) 
ORDER 
X 
SARAH NETBURN, United States Magistrate Judge: 
A conference to discuss the parties' October 4. 2018 letters shall be held at 2:00 p.m. on 
Friday, October 12, 2018. At that time, the parties should jointly call chambers at (212) 805-
0286. 
SO ORDERED. 
SARAH HIETBURN 
United States Magistrate Judge 
DATED: 
October 9, 2018 
New York, New York 
EFTA00812559

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812560.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ben Smith 
Editor in Chief 
Buzzfeed 
Dear Mr. Smith: 
I am writing to you today prompted in part by your editorial in last week's NYT. The 
decision to publish the Russian Dossier, which seems to have involved a mix of salacious 
unsubstantiated rumors and what may be potentially important kernels of truth may in the 
end be defensible, depending on the progress of serious investigations into the 2016 
election campaign. 
Your editorial hit home because of the experiences I have had over the past six months 
with reporters from your magazine, who, prompted by what turned out to be a false claim 
against me, have nevertheless continued to harass associates, friends, loved ones, and 
colleagues in an attempt to establish a narrative which has continued to not be supported 
by facts. Even as I, or others, have provided evidence to falsify claims, your reporters have 
not been content to let facts govern their conclusions. Having decided that I must be guilty 
at some level of harassment they keep provoking friends, colleagues, and family members 
with false claims, hoping to generate some substantiation for their hypothesis. Each time I 
assume the matter is closed, I learn of yet another call laced with misleading innuendo, or 
another request for information designed to impugn my University and the program I run 
there. 
The specific timing of this letter was prompted by a calif received from my executive 
assistant shortly after disembarking from a plane with my family returning home from a 
long trip. She was flustered and upset. Buzzfeed had sent a Facebook friend request to her 
the previous evening (presumably to gain access to her page in case there was defamatory 
information on it about me.. There isn't.). Then she received a cold call from one of your 
reporters, claiming an imminent story to appear about me, telling her they had information 
that I had not shown support for her maternity leave in 2013 and the need to use her 
breast pump at work following her return. She responded that this was not the case, and 
she pointed out she went on a subsequent maternity leave again later, and that I had 
supported her in this, as in all other family matters. We treat each other with respect, and 
trust, as I try and do with all colleagues, students, and fans from the general public. The 
reporter followed up with the same unsubstantiated claim that other friends and 
colleagues have heard from your team: Why would 'so many people' make claims about me 
if they weren't true? My assistant answered that she did not know of any such claims, but 
added that in the 9 years she has worked for me she would have ample opportunity to 
observer harassment, if it had occurred, and she hadn't 
My employees, colleagues, friends, and family, should not have to be harassed by 
embarrassing questions about their personal lives in an effort to defame or discredit me, 
and this last episode has prompted me to act. A representative of my University has 
expressed to me their view that, even as your reporters have repeatedly failed to find 
credible allegations in their correspondence with them (and me), they will keep pestering 
EFTA00812560
--- PAGE 2 ---
the University and others with new requests for information in an effort to justify the time 
they have thus far spent trying to defend a conclusion they decided upon before embarking 
upon their investigation, and will not be dissuaded by evidence to the contrary. Thus, 
while my original inclination was to let the matter die on its own, this seems increasingly 
unlikely. 
Online rumors about me began shortly after I publicly refused to further demonize a friend 
of mine, Jeffrey Epstein, who had been accused in the media of a host of sexual 
improprieties, and who was later convicted (without trial) of obtaining paid massages from 
some women who turned out to be under 18. While not defending any behavior, I pointed 
out that a number of the outrageous allegations swirling in the internet against Jeffrey were 
patently false, that I personally had not witnessed any behavior that would have supported 
the original claim or any other, and moreover I would not minimize the friendship I had 
had with Jeffrey, or disavow that friendship, because he had gone to jail for that offense. 
The response of course was that I too must be a 'sexual predator'. Indeed, my friend Penn 
Jillette told me that before he first met me he was warned against it because I was a sexual 
predator. When he asked why, he was told it was because of I was friend of Jeffrey's. 
The first rumor I saw on the internet was that Stephen Hawking and I had had orgies on an 
island of Jeffrey's. Following that ridiculous piece, I tended to ignore claims that were 
brought to my attention that periodically appeared online alleging, through innuendo, that 
I was a harasser. On one occasion, when a story impugned my wife, I responded warning 
the individual in question of spreading defamatory stories about her, and it was removed. 
Your reporters, while probably initially prompted by the false and rather ridiculous third-
party claim about a selfie in Australia in 2016, picked up on this Internet trash and started 
their investigation. They informed me in Dec that a story was about to appear about me, 
alleging a pattern of harassment. While a little serious and skeptical research on their part 
could have demonstrated that the claims that could be verified were in fact false, I 
responded to them with evidence that caused them to pull their story. 
What surprised me at the time was the disingenuous nature of their investigation, and the 
way they framed their conclusions. For example, in one of their repeated information 
requests from my University they asked for a report on all claims of sexual harassment by 
me reported to the University. The University responded by saying that there were no such 
claimes at the University but there were two outside claims associated with events outside 
the University received that they subsequently found to be unsubstantiated and 
defamatory, and hence would not provide details about. (One of these was the false claim 
that I believed triggered the Buzzfeed story, and about which two Universities I am 
associated with investigated and subsequently dismissed). When Buzzfeed sent me the 
details of their forthcoming story this was not reported. All that was claimed was that 
Buzzfeed had contacted my University for information about sexual harassment claims 
against me and the University had refused to provide information. 
EFTA00812561
--- PAGE 3 ---
Similarly, your reporters appeared to repeatedly mis-represent the nature of their story as 
they communicated with different individuals. To the University they indicated they were 
interested in how Universities responded to claims of sexual harassment To another 
individual they wrote claiming they were interested in how a prominent atheist 
organization might be shielding prominent atheists like me. Lastly, in an effort to force 
individuals to impugn me they followed up their questions by indicating that 'many other 
individuals had done so, and asked why they all might be lying? 
They even asked me about this during the period between the time they sent me the draft 
material they planned to publish and the time the story got pulled. I explained to them that 
I have a history of addressing controversial issues and that this provokes sometimes rather 
vicious responses, and that there are various groups that are intent on claiming, among 
other things, that the atheist community is dominated by prominent male misogynists and 
harassers. Some people then propagate unfounded rumors, and other, more well-meaning 
individuals then begin to second guess their own experiences, sometimes even their 
experiences coming on to me. Indeed, as the subsequent investigation of one of their 
claims demonstrated, someone who claimed harassment had in fact overtly made 
overtures to me (in front of others thankfully, who were able to validate my own 
experience) which I had rebuffed, and then later claimed harassment. One might have 
thought that the fact that the allegations that formed much of the core of their story were 
shown to be false lent more credibility to this suggestion than the a priori conclusion that 
kept driving their story. 
As I understood it, the thrust of their story was that, as a supposedly prominent academic 
and public figure (I guess I should be flattered by the effusive way they tried to build me up 
in their story) my University and other organizations with which I am associated felt it 
necessary to protect or shield me from potential embarrassment In fact, of course, quite 
the opposite is the case. As my University informed me when I first objected to them 
taking seriously an unsubstantiated third-party claim about a private event in Australia 
which had nothing to do with the University, it precisely because I am a well-known 
individual with a public persona, that everywhere I go, and everything I do, therefore is 
viewed as reflecting on my affiliation University and hence is subject to investigation—
something that would not be the case for a more standard faculty member. Furthermore 
when I asked University attorneys about my rights regarding any lawsuit I might initiate, 
against Buzzfeed, for example, I was informed that because I am to some extent a public 
figure I would have to show malicious intent as well as defamation—something that the 
history of my experience with your reporters might actually support. 
What is particularly galling about the allegations is that I take particular pride in the way I 
try and treat friends, employees, students, and members of the general public, and I take 
quite seriously the privilege I have to reach a broad audience. I recognize, for example, 
that people who come up to me with questions, or who ask for autographs or selfies, are 
extremely vulnerable. They could feel humiliated if rebuffed, dismissed, or treated with 
revision. I go out of my way to make people feel comfortable and respected, and as far as I 
can tell, the people I interact with in this case appreciate it I believe your reporters who I 
later learned surreptitiously followed me to an event in Las Vegas will have witnessed that 
EFTA00812562
--- PAGE 4 ---
Moreover, far from being shielded, both Universities I was affiliated with at the time 
received the third-party claim of the event in Australia, and both launched investigations. 
In Australia, I was informed that I was not allowed on campus or to meet with students 
while the claim was being investigated, and it took over a month before that process was 
completed and the suspension was lifted. In my case it was on onerous since I no longer 
spent time at that campus, but had I had a laboratory or students I was working with there, 
it could have been quite damaging to my research. After the fact, this somewhat extreme 
action was made even more questionable, as the final report of the University indicated 
that even the original claim against me was without any direct evidence. 
In this regard, I take particular umbrage with the effort of your reporters to impugn these 
Universities, and also it seems, the Origins Project, which I run at ASU. That program, 
which runs transdisciplinary workshops for prominent scholars on foundational questions 
ranging from the origin of the Universe, to human origins, xenophobia, and beyond, and 
which then has public programs helping to inform and excite hundreds of thousands of 
members of the public about scientific developments at the forefront of modern research, is 
one of my proudest accomplishments. It is the reason I moved to ASU, and it is one of the 
hallmarks of that institution that it supports such an entrepreneurial scholarly activity. 
Yet your reporters have continually tried to impugn it by requesting information on the 
program, with the clear intent to suggest insidious goals, or perhaps that in an effort to 
please donors the University is willing to look the other way regarding matters related to 
me. 
Besides the harassment of the past six months, which has affected not only my own work, 
and has upset family and friends, I am bothered by the fact that this investigation was 
apparently launched by 'science-reporters' at Buzzfeed. I wasn't aware of such a group at 
your organization until they contacted me, and as far as I can see, there is little or no 
science actually reported by you. The reporters in question, Peter Aldhous and Virginia 
Hughes, seem once to have been actual science researchers and journalists who once wrote 
for reputable science journals before their science journalism careers seemed to end and 
they eventually joined Buzzfeed. Now they seem to have descended to a level of 
disingenuousness and lack of journalist integrity that is an insult to that past experience. 
In science, as Richard Feynman once said, one has a hypothesis and one should try and 
work just as hard to prove it wrong as prove it right. If evidence contradicts the hypothesis 
one should skeptically re-examine it. And all those who have been involved in research 
have experienced the disappointment of spending considerable time on a project only to 
find that it doesn't work out as expected. Reputable scientists then move on, often learning 
from the experience to motivate new research, and sometimes, if it is useful, reporting on 
their negative results. It is instead the hallmark of religion or ideology to decide in 
advance on what the answers are, before you begin to ask questions. Holding to the truth 
of an assertion and discounting all contradictory facts, cherry picking only that data that 
might support the conclusion is the hallmark of junk science, and yellow journalism. 
EFTA00812563
--- PAGE 5 ---
It seems a pity that formerly credible science journalists have been reduced to muckraking 
hacks. If your publication wants to be known for investigative journalism, and if it has a 
science unit, why not investigate the stories behind science? There are fascinating stories 
that could humanize science, and increase the public's interest and knowledge instead of 
feeding a public interest in salacious gossip. 
I have been in the situation now for some time of waiting for whatever defamatory story 
your reporters rig up to appear. I had thought that after my experience in December that 
this too might have passed, but my assistant's experience, and the facts that a postdoc 
informed me just yesterday that Hughes tried to friend him on facebook, and the fact that 
my University has informed me of yet another request for information related to the 
project I run at ASU has been made by Aldous suggests that they are continuing to dig for 
anything they can find that might justify some defamatory story, even if it might mean 
publishing the fact that I might have been rude to my 4th grade teacher. It has been six 
months since I was contacted by my University about the first false allegation and during 
which I, my University, my family, friends, employees, students, and colleagues have been 
harassed by this continuous barrage. 
With this letter, I am asking you to halt this harassment and the effort to defame not just 
me, but the honorable organizations that I am a part of, and the Origins Project at ASU that I 
am particularly proud of running. I had hoped that the harassment and infringement on our 
time, peace and wellbeing would end without any public statement, but I am realistic 
enough to know that hopes, and reality, often don't coincide. 
Shame on you. 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
EFTA00812564

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812565.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ben Smith 
Editor in Chief 
Buzzfeed 
Dear Mr. Smith: 
I am writing to you today prompted in part by your editorial in last week's NYT. The 
decision to publish the Russian Dossier, which seems to have involved a mix of salacious 
unsubstantiated rumors and what may be potentially important kernels of truth, may in the 
end be defensible, depending on the progress of serious investigations into the 2016 
election campaign. 
Your editorial hit home because of the experiences I have had over the past six months 
with reporters from your magazine, who, prompted by what turned out to be a false claim 
against me, have nevertheless continued to harass associates, friends, loved ones, and 
colleagues in an attempt to establish a narrative which has continued to not be supported 
by facts. Even as I, and others, have provided evidence to falsify claims, your reporters 
have not been content to let facts govern their conclusions. Having decided that I must be 
guilty at some level of harassment they keep provoking friends, colleagues, and family 
members with false claims, hoping to generate some substantiation for their hypothesis. 
Each time I assume the matter is closed, I learn of yet another call laced with misleading 
innuendo, or another request for information designed to impugn my University and the 
program I run there. 
The specific timing of this letter was prompted by a call I received from my executive 
assistant shortly after disembarking from a plane with my family returning home from a 
long trip. She was flustered and upset. Buzzfeed had sent a Facebook friend request to her 
the previous evening (presumably to gain access to her page in case there was defamatory 
information on it about me. There isn't). Then she received a cold call from Virginia 
Hughes, claiming an imminent story to appear about me, telling her they had information 
that I had not shown support for her maternity leave in 2013 and the need to use her 
breast pump at work following her return. She responded that this was not the case, and 
she pointed out she went on a subsequent maternity leave again later, and that I had 
supported her in this, as in all other family matters. We treat each other with respect, and 
trust, as I try and do with all colleagues, students, and fans from the general public. The 
reporter followed up with the same unsubstantiated claim that other friends and 
colleagues have heard from your team: 'Why would 'so many people' make claims about 
me if they weren't true?' My assistant answered that she did not know of any such claims, 
but added that in the 9 years she has worked for me she would have ample opportunity to 
observer harassment, if it had occurred, and she hadn't 
My employees, colleagues, friends, and family should not have to be harassed by 
embarrassing questions about their personal lives in an effort to defame or discredit me, 
and this last episode has prompted me to act. A representative of my University has 
expressed to me the view that, even as your reporters have repeatedly failed to find 
credible allegations in their correspondence with them (and me), they will keep pestering 
EFTA00812565
--- PAGE 2 ---
the University and others with new requests for information in an effort to justify the time 
they have thus far spent trying to defend a conclusion they decided upon before embarking 
upon their investigation, and will not be dissuaded by evidence to the contrary. Thus, 
while my original inclination was to let the matter die on its own, this seems increasingly 
unlikely. 
Online rumors about me began shortly after I publicly refused to further demonize a friend 
of mine, Jeffrey Epstein, who had been accused in the media of a host of sexual 
improprieties, and who later pled guilty (without trial) to soliciting prostitutes, and 
procuring a minor for prostitution. While not defending any behavior, I pointed out that a 
number of the outrageous allegations swirling in the internet against Jeffrey were patently 
false, that I personally had not witnessed any behavior that would have supported the 
original claim or any other, and moreover I would not minimize the friendship I had had 
with Jeffrey, or disavow that friendship, because he had gone to jail for that offense. 
The response of course was that I too must be a 'sexual predator'. Indeed, a well known 
friend told me that before he first met me he was warned against it because I was a sexual 
predator. When he asked why, he was told it was because of I was friend of Jeffrey's. 
The first rumor I saw on the internet was that Stephen Hawking and I had had orgies on an 
island of Jeffrey's. Following that ridiculous piece, I tended to ignore claims that were 
brought to my attention that periodically appeared online alleging, through innuendo, that 
I was a harasser. On one occasion, when a story impugned my wife, I responded warning 
the individual in question of spreading defamatory stories about her, and it was removed. 
Your reporters, while probably initially prompted by the false and rather ridiculous third-
party claim about a selfie in Australia in 2016, picked up on this Internet trash and started 
their investigation. They informed me in Dec that a story was about to appear about me, 
alleging a pattern of harassment. While a little serious and skeptical research on their part 
could have demonstrated that the claims that could be verified were in fact false, I 
responded to them with evidence that caused them to pull their story. 
What surprised me at the time was the disingenuous nature of their investigation, and the 
way they framed their conclusions. For example, in one of their repeated information 
requests from my University they asked for a report on all claims of sexual harassment by 
me reported to the University. The University responded by saying that there were no such 
claimes at the University but there were two outside claims associated with events outside 
the University received that they subsequently found to be unsubstantiated and 
defamatory, and hence would not provide details about. (One of these was the false claim 
that I believed triggered the Buzzfeed story, and about which two Universities I am 
associated with investigated and subsequently dismissed). When Buzzfeed sent me the 
details of their forthcoming story this was not reported. All that was claimed was that 
Buzzfeed had contacted my University for information about sexual harassment claims 
against me and the University had refused to provide information. Similarly, false 
suggestions about why I left my last University, a place where I was proud to have made 
EFTA00812566
--- PAGE 3 ---
the contributions I did and which the University was proud to recognize them, were made 
to suggest something shady there. 
Similarly, your reporters appeared to repeatedly misrepresent the nature of their story as 
they communicated with different individuals. To the University they indicated they were 
interested in how Universities responded to claims of sexual harassment To another 
individual they wrote claiming they were interested in how a prominent atheist 
organization might be shielding prominent atheists like me. Lastly, in an effort to force 
individuals to impugn me they followed up their questions by indicating that 'many' other 
individuals had done so, and asked why they all might be lying? 
They even asked me about this during the period between the time they sent me the draft 
material they planned to publish and the time the story got pulled. I explained to them that 
I have a history of addressing controversial issues and that this provokes sometimes rather 
vicious responses, and that there are various groups that are intent on claiming, among 
other things, that the atheist community is dominated by prominent male misogynists and 
harassers. Some people then propagate unfounded rumors, and other, more well-meaning 
individuals then begin to second guess their own experiences, sometimes even their 
experiences coming on to me. Indeed, as the subsequent investigation of one of their 
claims demonstrated, someone who claimed harassment had in fact overtly made 
overtures to me (in front of others thankfully, who were able to validate my own 
experience) which I had rebuffed, and then later claimed harassment. One might have 
thought that the fact that the allegations that formed much of the core of their story were 
shown to be false lent more credibility to this suggestion than the a priori conclusion that 
kept driving their story. 
As I understood it, the thrust of their story was that, as a supposedly prominent academic 
and public figure (I guess I should be flattered by the effusive way they tried to build me up 
in their story) my University and other organizations with which I am associated felt it 
necessary to protect or shield me from potential embarrassment In fact, of course, quite 
the opposite is the case. As my University informed me when I first objected to them 
taking seriously an unsubstantiated third-party claim about a private event in Australia 
which had nothing to do with the University, it precisely because I am a well-known 
individual with a public persona, that everywhere I go, and everything I do, therefore is 
viewed as reflecting on my affiliation University and hence is subject to investigation—
something that would not be the case for a more standard faculty member. Furthermore, 
when I asked University attorneys about my rights regarding any lawsuit I might initiate, 
against Buzzfeed, for example, I was informed that because I am to some extent a public 
figure I would have to show malicious intent as well as defamation—something that the 
history of my experience with your reporters might actually support. 
What is particularly galling about the allegations is that I take particular pride in the way I 
try and treat friends, employees, students, and members of the general public, and I take 
quite seriously the privilege I have to reach a broad audience. I recognize, for example, 
that people who come up to me with questions, or who ask for autographs or selfies, are 
extremely vulnerable. They could feel humiliated if rebuffed, dismissed, or treated with 
EFTA00812567
--- PAGE 4 ---
revision. I go out of my way to make people feel comfortable and respected, and as far as I 
can tell, the people I interact with in this case appreciate it. I believe your reporters who I 
later learned surreptitiously followed me to an event in Las Vegas will have witnessed that. 
Moreover, far from being shielded, both Universities I was affiliated with at the time 
received the third-party claim of the event in Australia, and both launched investigations. 
In Australia, I was informed that I was not allowed on campus or to meet with students 
while the claim was being investigated, and it took over a month before that process was 
completed and the suspension was lifted. In my case it was on onerous since I no longer 
spent time at that campus, but had I had a laboratory or students I was working with there, 
it could have been quite damaging to my research. After the fact, this somewhat extreme 
action was made even more questionable, as the final report of the University indicated 
that even the original claim against me was without any direct evidence. 
In this regard, I take particular umbrage with the effort of your reporters to impugn these 
Universities, and also it seems, the Origins Project, which I run at ASU. That program, 
which runs transdisciplinary workshops for prominent scholars on foundational questions 
ranging from the origin of the Universe, to human origins, xenophobia, and beyond, and 
which then has public programs helping to inform and excite hundreds of thousands of 
members of the public about scientific developments at the forefront of modern research, is 
one of my proudest accomplishments. It is the reason I moved to ASU, and it is one of the 
hallmarks of that institution that it supports such an entrepreneurial scholarly activity. 
Yet your reporters have continually tried to impugn it by requesting information on the 
program, with the clear intent to suggest insidious goals, or perhaps that in an effort to 
please donors the University is willing to look the other way regarding matters related to 
me. 
I have spent much of the past 25 years working closely with reporters from many outlets, 
from international to local, and from science reporters to true investigative journalists, and 
have always enjoyed a collegial relationship with them. To the extent that they were trying 
to honestly report on important issues I have tried my best to cooperate with them, tutor 
them if necessary, or direct them to relevant sources. While the subsequent reporting may 
sometimes have been disappointing, I have never experienced this kind of unprofessional 
effort to publish anything, true or not, and to twist facts if necessary to justify a story. 
Besides the harassment of the past six months, which has affected not only my own work, 
and has upset family and friends, I am bothered by the fact that this investigation was 
apparently launched by 'science-reporters' at Buzzfeed. I wasn't aware of such a group at 
your organization until they contacted me, and as far as I can see, there is little or no 
science actually reported by you. The reporters in question, Peter Aldhous and Virginia 
Hughes, seem once to have been actual science researchers and journalists who once wrote 
for reputable science journals before their science journalism careers seemed to devolve 
and they eventually joined Buzzfeed. Now they seem to have descended to a level of 
disingenuousness and lack of journalist integrity that is an insult to that past experience. 
EFTA00812568
--- PAGE 5 ---
In science, as Richard Feynman once said, one has a hypothesis and one should try and 
work just as hard to prove it wrong as prove it right. If evidence contradicts the hypothesis 
one should skeptically re-examine it. And all those who have been involved in research 
have experienced the disappointment of spending considerable time on a project only to 
find that it doesn't work out as expected. Reputable scientists then move on, often learning 
from the experience to motivate new research, and sometimes, if it is useful, reporting on 
their negative results. It is instead the hallmark of religion or ideology to decide in 
advance on what the answers are, before you begin to ask questions. Holding to the truth 
of an assertion and discounting all contradictory facts, cherry picking only that data that 
might support the conclusion is the hallmark of junk science, and yellow journalism. 
It seems a pity that formerly credible science journalists have been reduced to muckraking 
hacks. If your publication wants to be known for investigative journalism, and if it has a 
science unit, why not investigate the stories behind science? There are fascinating stories 
that could humanize science, and increase the public's interest and knowledge instead of 
feeding a public interest in salacious gossip. 
I have been in the situation now for some time of waiting for whatever defamatory story 
your reporters rig up to appear, and to deal with the possible fallout. I had thought that 
after my experience in December that this too might have passed, but my assistant's 
experience, and the facts that a postdoc informed me just yesterday that Hughes tried to 
friend him on Facebook, while a former student just told me of a similar effort on Linked-In, 
and my University has informed me of yet another request for information related to the 
project I run at ASU has been made by Aldous, suggests that they are continuing to try and 
dig for anything they can find that might justify some defamatory story. It has been six 
months since I was contacted by my University about the first false allegation and during 
which I, my University, my family, friends, employees, students, and colleagues have been 
harassed by this continuous barrage. 
With this letter, I am asking you to halt this harassment and the effort to defame not just 
me, but the honorable organizations that I am a part of, and the Origins Project at ASU that I 
am particularly proud of running. I had hoped that the harassment and infringement on our 
time, peace and wellbeing would end without any public statement, but I am realistic 
enough to know that hopes, and reality, often don't coincide. While I understand that this 
letter may provoke retribution from Buzzfeed, I see no other alternative in order to try and 
set matters right 
Shame on you. 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
EFTA00812569

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812570.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ben Smith 
Editor in Chief 
Buzzfeed 
Dear Mr. Smith: 
I am writing to you today prompted in part by your editorial in last week's NYT. The 
decision to publish the Russian Dossier, which seems to have involved a mix of salacious 
unsubstantiated rumors and what may be potentially important kernels of truth, may in the 
end be defensible, depending on the progress of serious investigations into the 2016 
election campaign. 
Your editorial hit home because of the experiences I have had over the past six months 
with reporters from your magazine, who, prompted by what turned out to be a false claim 
against me, have nevertheless continued to harass associates, friends, loved ones, and 
colleagues in an attempt to establish a narrative which has continued to not be supported 
by facts. Even as I, and others, have provided evidence to falsify claims, your reporters 
have not been content to let facts govern their conclusions. Having decided that I must be 
guilty at some level of harassment they keep provoking friends, colleagues, and family 
members with false claims, hoping to generate some substantiation for their hypothesis. 
Each time I assume the matter is closed, I learn of yet another call laced with misleading 
innuendo, or another request for information designed to impugn my University and the 
program I run there. 
The specific timing of this letter was prompted by a call I received from my executive 
assistant shortly after disembarking from a plane with my family returning home from a 
long trip. She was flustered and upset. Buzzfeed had sent a Facebook friend request to her 
the previous evening (presumably to gain access to her page in case there was defamatory 
information on it about me. There isn't). Then she received a cold call from Virginia 
Hughes, claiming an imminent story to appear about me, telling her they had information 
that I had not shown support for her maternity leave in 2013 and the need to use her 
breast pump at work following her return. She responded that this was not the case, and 
she pointed out she went on a subsequent maternity leave again later, and that I had 
supported her in this, as in all other family matters. We treat each other with respect, and 
trust, as I try and do with all colleagues, students, and fans from the general public. The 
reporter followed up with the same unsubstantiated claim that other friends and 
colleagues have heard from your team: 'Why would 'so many people' make claims about 
me if they weren't true?' My assistant answered that she did not know of any such claims, 
but added that in the 9 years she has worked for me she would have ample opportunity to 
observer harassment, if it had occurred, and she hadn't 
My employees, colleagues, friends, and family should not have to be harassed by 
embarrassing questions about their personal lives in an effort to defame or discredit me, 
and this last episode has prompted me to act. A representative of my University has 
expressed to me the view that, even as your reporters have repeatedly failed to find 
credible allegations in their correspondence with them (and me), they will keep pestering 
EFTA00812570
--- PAGE 2 ---
the University and others with new requests for information in an effort to justify the time 
they have thus far spent trying to defend a conclusion they decided upon before embarking 
upon their investigation, and will not be dissuaded by evidence to the contrary. Thus, 
while my original inclination was to let the matter die on its own, this seems increasingly 
unlikely. 
Online rumors about me began shortly after I publicly refused to further demonize a friend 
of mine, Jeffrey Epstein, who had been accused in the media of a host of sexual 
improprieties, and who was later convicted (without trial) of obtaining paid massages from 
some women who turned out to be under 18. While not defending any behavior, I pointed 
out that a number of the outrageous allegations swirling in the internet against Jeffrey were 
patently false, that I personally had not witnessed any behavior that would have supported 
the original claim or any other, and moreover I would not minimize the friendship I had 
had with Jeffrey, or disavow that friendship, because he had gone to jail for that offense. 
The response of course was that I too must be a 'sexual predator'. Indeed, my friend Penn 
Jillette told me that before he first met me he was warned against it because I was a sexual 
predator. When he asked why, he was told it was because of I was friend of Jeffrey's. 
The first rumor I saw on the internet was that Stephen Hawking and I had had orgies on an 
island of Jeffrey's. Following that ridiculous piece, I tended to ignore claims that were 
brought to my attention that periodically appeared online alleging, through innuendo, that 
I was a harasser. On one occasion, when a story impugned my wife, I responded warning 
the individual in question of spreading defamatory stories about her, and it was removed. 
Your reporters, while probably initially prompted by the false and rather ridiculous third-
party claim about a selfie in Australia in 2016, picked up on this Internet trash and started 
their investigation. They informed me in Dec that a story was about to appear about me, 
alleging a pattern of harassment. While a little serious and skeptical research on their part 
could have demonstrated that the claims that could be verified were in fact false, I 
responded to them with evidence that caused them to pull their story. 
What surprised me at the time was the disingenuous nature of their investigation, and the 
way they framed their conclusions. For example, in one of their repeated information 
requests from my University they asked for a report on all claims of sexual harassment by 
me reported to the University. The University responded by saying that there were no such 
claimes at the University but there were two outside claims associated with events outside 
the University received that they subsequently found to be unsubstantiated and 
defamatory, and hence would not provide details about. (One of these was the false claim 
that I believed triggered the Buzzfeed story, and about which two Universities I am 
associated with investigated and subsequently dismissed). When Buzzfeed sent me the 
details of their forthcoming story this was not reported. All that was claimed was that 
Buzzfeed had contacted my University for information about sexual harassment claims 
against me and the University had refused to provide information. Similarly, false 
suggestions about why I left my last University, a place where I was proud to have made 
EFTA00812571
--- PAGE 3 ---
the contributions I did and which the University was proud to recognize them, were made 
to suggest something shady there. 
Similarly, your reporters appeared to repeatedly misrepresent the nature of their story as 
they communicated with different individuals. To the University they indicated they were 
interested in how Universities responded to claims of sexual harassment To another 
individual they wrote claiming they were interested in how a prominent atheist 
organization might be shielding prominent atheists like me. Lastly, in an effort to force 
individuals to impugn me they followed up their questions by indicating that 'many' other 
individuals had done so, and asked why they all might be lying? 
They even asked me about this during the period between the time they sent me the draft 
material they planned to publish and the time the story got pulled. I explained to them that 
I have a history of addressing controversial issues and that this provokes sometimes rather 
vicious responses, and that there are various groups that are intent on claiming, among 
other things, that the atheist community is dominated by prominent male misogynists and 
harassers. Some people then propagate unfounded rumors, and other, more well-meaning 
individuals then begin to second guess their own experiences, sometimes even their 
experiences coming on to me. Indeed, as the subsequent investigation of one of their 
claims demonstrated, someone who claimed harassment had in fact overtly made 
overtures to me (in front of others thankfully, who were able to validate my own 
experience) which I had rebuffed, and then later claimed harassment. One might have 
thought that the fact that the allegations that formed much of the core of their story were 
shown to be false lent more credibility to this suggestion than the a priori conclusion that 
kept driving their story. 
As I understood it, the thrust of their story was that, as a supposedly prominent academic 
and public figure (I guess I should be flattered by the effusive way they tried to build me up 
in their story) my University and other organizations with which I am associated felt it 
necessary to protect or shield me from potential embarrassment In fact, of course, quite 
the opposite is the case. As my University informed me when I first objected to them 
taking seriously an unsubstantiated third-party claim about a private event in Australia 
which had nothing to do with the University, it precisely because I am a well-known 
individual with a public persona, that everywhere I go, and everything I do, therefore is 
viewed as reflecting on my affiliation University and hence is subject to investigation—
something that would not be the case for a more standard faculty member. Furthermore, 
when I asked University attorneys about my rights regarding any lawsuit I might initiate, 
against Buzzfeed, for example, I was informed that because I am to some extent a public 
figure I would have to show malicious intent as well as defamation—something that the 
history of my experience with your reporters might actually support. 
What is particularly galling about the allegations is that I take particular pride in the way I 
try and treat friends, employees, students, and members of the general public, and I take 
quite seriously the privilege I have to reach a broad audience. I recognize, for example, 
that people who come up to me with questions, or who ask for autographs or selfies, are 
extremely vulnerable. They could feel humiliated if rebuffed, dismissed, or treated with 
EFTA00812572
--- PAGE 4 ---
revision. I go out of my way to make people feel comfortable and respected, and as far as I 
can tell, the people I interact with in this case appreciate it. I believe your reporters who I 
later learned surreptitiously followed me to an event in Las Vegas will have witnessed that. 
Moreover, far from being shielded, both Universities I was affiliated with at the time 
received the third-party claim of the event in Australia, and both launched investigations. 
In Australia, I was informed that I was not allowed on campus or to meet with students 
while the claim was being investigated, and it took over a month before that process was 
completed and the suspension was lifted. In my case it was on onerous since I no longer 
spent time at that campus, but had I had a laboratory or students I was working with there, 
it could have been quite damaging to my research. After the fact, this somewhat extreme 
action was made even more questionable, as the final report of the University indicated 
that even the original claim against me was without any direct evidence. 
In this regard, I take particular umbrage with the effort of your reporters to impugn these 
Universities, and also it seems, the Origins Project, which I run at ASU. That program, 
which runs transdisciplinary workshops for prominent scholars on foundational questions 
ranging from the origin of the Universe, to human origins, xenophobia, and beyond, and 
which then has public programs helping to inform and excite hundreds of thousands of 
members of the public about scientific developments at the forefront of modern research, is 
one of my proudest accomplishments. It is the reason I moved to ASU, and it is one of the 
hallmarks of that institution that it supports such an entrepreneurial scholarly activity. 
Yet your reporters have continually tried to impugn it by requesting information on the 
program, with the clear intent to suggest insidious goals, or perhaps that in an effort to 
please donors the University is willing to look the other way regarding matters related to 
me. 
Besides the harassment of the past six months, which has affected not only my own work, 
and has upset family and friends, I am bothered by the fact that this investigation was 
apparently launched by 'science-reporters' at Buzzfeed. I wasn't aware of such a group at 
your organization until they contacted me, and as far as I can see, there is little or no 
science actually reported by you. The reporters in question, Peter Aldhous and Virginia 
Hughes, seem once to have been actual science researchers and journalists who once wrote 
for reputable science journals before their science journalism careers seemed to devolve 
and they eventually joined Buzzfeed. Now they seem to have descended to a level of 
disingenuousness and lack of journalist integrity that is an insult to that past experience. 
In science, as Richard Feynman once said, one has a hypothesis and one should try and 
work just as hard to prove it wrong as prove it right. If evidence contradicts the hypothesis 
one should skeptically re-examine it. And all those who have been involved in research 
have experienced the disappointment of spending considerable time on a project only to 
find that it doesn't work out as expected. Reputable scientists then move on, often learning 
from the experience to motivate new research, and sometimes, if it is useful, reporting on 
their negative results. It is instead the hallmark of religion or ideology to decide in 
advance on what the answers are, before you begin to ask questions. Holding to the truth 
EFTA00812573
--- PAGE 5 ---
of an assertion and discounting all contradictory facts, cherry picking only that data that 
might support the conclusion is the hallmark of junk science, and yellow journalism. 
It seems a pity that formerly credible science journalists have been reduced to muckraking 
hacks. If your publication wants to be known for investigative journalism, and if it has a 
science unit, why not investigate the stories behind science? There are fascinating stories 
that could humanize science, and increase the public's interest and knowledge instead of 
feeding a public interest in salacious gossip. 
I have been in the situation now for some time of waiting for whatever defamatory story 
your reporters rig up to appear, and to deal with the possible fallout. I had thought that 
after my experience in December that this too might have passed, but my assistant's 
experience, and the facts that a postdoc informed me just yesterday that Hughes tried to 
friend him on facebook, and the fact that my University has informed me of yet another 
request for information related to the project I run at ASU has been made by Aldous, 
suggests that they are continuing to try and dig for anything they can find that might justify 
some defamatory story. It has been six months since I was contacted by my University 
about the first false allegation and during which I, my University, my family, friends, 
employees, students, and colleagues have been harassed by this continuous barrage. 
With this letter, I am asking you to halt this harassment and the effort to defame not just 
me, but the honorable organizations that I am a part of, and the Origins Project at ASU that I 
am particularly proud of running. I had hoped that the harassment and infringement on our 
time, peace and wellbeing would end without any public statement, but I am realistic 
enough to know that hopes, and reality, often don't coincide. 
Shame on you. 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
EFTA00812574

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812575.pdf
----------------------------------------
My Story About the Bunked Article. 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
The period since a slanderous Buzzfeed story appeared defaming me, and by association the skeptical and atheist community in 
general, has been one of the most difficult of my life. To those friends, colleagues, and strangers, who have written me kind 
notes of support, I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart. To those who have expressed anger and betrayal, I understand 
the disappointment you must have experienced upon reading the story. It has been very hard to sit back and remain silent thus 
far as my own integrity, and the integrity of the skeptical community, has been impugned. And while it has gone against every 
grain of my nature to not immediately strike out forcefully in writing and in speeches against falsehoods and distortions imposed 
upon the public, I have been advised by many individuals wiser and more experienced than me in these matters to not lash out 
immediately, but to wait till calmer heads, including my own, prevailed. 
What many of you do not know is that this past week has not been the beginning of this story for family, my colleagues, my 
friends, and me. For over six months, following a third party complaint submitted to two Universities with which I have been 
affiliated over the past few years, a complaint that both Universities investigated and dismissed, we have been harassed by 
reporters from Buzzfeed who have confronted me and others with one false allegation after another, including ancient discredited 
internet gossip. In turn they either demanded counter-evidence which then was provided, or they slandered me to others by pre-
emptively using these claims to insinuate that I was a serial sexual harasser. At one point in December, Buzzfeed announced to 
me and my University that they were publishing a story the next day, which, among other things, misrepresented information my 
own University had provided them with. Only after they were provided with counter-evidence to their claims at the time did they 
pull the piece from publication at that time. 
It nevertheless became clear that there was an agenda here. Others had warned me that they would reframe the allegations that I 
was perhaps foolhardy enough to provide counter-evidence against, in a way that would nevertheless appear to be damning by 
innuendo. I had had the naive belief that this counter-evidence might matter as it always has in discussions of science or public 
policy with professional reporters I have been privileged to work with over the years. Slowly the constant barrage of emails 
made it clear that Buzzfeed had decided that the skeptical and atheist movement was male dominated, sexist, harassing, and 
xenophobic. In the process of their email barrage, I was asked to comment on these issues, why I or others might be 
Islamophobic, how would I have the teremity to suggest that the movement was becoming more diverse etc.. I could only 
speculate at the time about connections the reporters might have to the sources they quoted, even as numerous others since the 
report has appeared have alluded to such connections. 
At one point a few weeks ago, after they harassed my executive assistant (more on that in a bit) at the workplace, and after that 
they submitted new allegations they said were from anonymous former employees that impugned The Origins Project which I am 
privileged to lead at ASU—allegations of complaints that had never been relayed to me, their supervisors, or the University—I 
finally contacted an attorney, who issued a cease and desist order on Wed of last week. I don't think it is a coincidence that the 
next day the story they had cobbled together up to that point appeared. 
I do not intend to counter their slanderous allegations point by point. It first became clear that any story they might write would 
be disingenuous early on, when, after repeatedly badgering my University for a statement about any claims of sexual harassment 
against me, the University responded that there had been no such claims against me at the University by any students, staff, or 
faculty. When Buzzfeed asked for details of the external claim from Australia that they later published, the University informed 
them that claim had been deemed to be defamatory and had been dismissed, and they don't release information on such claims. 
Following that, in a letter Buzzfeed sent in December that was to form the basis of the story they said they would publish the next 
day, they simply stated that the University "denied a request from BuzzFeed News for documents relating to complaints of sexual 
harassment", omitting the part about there never being sexual harassment claims at the University. Once I saw the way they 
twisted the truth in December, I knew to expect the worst. 
Counter-evidence provided to Buzzfeed from individuals and Institutions was ignored. The third-party allegation about touching 
someone's breast during a line of selfie-request line at a banquet, which seems to have initiated the whole reporting effort, was 
investigated by ANU. They found that several key aspects of the original third patty claim were directly contradicted during 
their investigation, and others could not be substantiated, leading to its dismissal. These discrepant facts were later forwarded to 
Buzzfeed, but they never made it into their story about me. Since its publication, I have learned of a similar situation regarding 
the first allegation made in the Buzzfeed story. Buzzfeed had contacted an individual directly familiar with the events in question, 
and that individual in a letter to Buzzfeed provided information that was more consistent with my description of the facts than 
with those that made it into the story, but Buzzfeed chose not to publish any of that counter-evidence when making their claim. 
In another instance, after Buzzfeed alleged that they had someone willing to go on record claiming that I was forcibly removed 
from an institution after an event and banned from returning, I informed them that I had a host of evidence that this was not the 
case. As one example, I later forwarded to them a copy of an email from the Director of the Institution, sent a year after the event, 
thanking me for my contribution at the event and saying he was looking forward to my return. Instead of accepting that their 
source had lied and thus was not credible, they simply accepted a new statement that was sufficiently vague as to be untestable 
EFTA00812575
--- PAGE 2 ---
(while still untrue), but nevertheless was, by innuendo effectively slanderous. To be clear: I have not been banned, quietly or 
otherwise, from Institutions that I have been associated with. Even the rather difficult Dean at CWRU (since he became dean I 
and 6 other faculty out of a total of slightly more than 20 faculty in the physics department have left CWRU for other more 
attractive institutions) who encouraged the young woman to make the complaint that CWRU—which at the time was way ahead 
of the curve on sexual harassment issues, but in spite of this decided this complaint did not warrant being treated as a sexual 
harassment complaint and the issue was concluded informally—nevertheless made me a very attractive counter-offer to keep me 
at CWRU, and both he and the University President made it clear that should I want to return after spending time at ASU, I 
would be welcomed back. I returned with his awareness not only to give a lecture there a year later, but several times to interact 
with colleagues in my former department. Lastly, after dredging up an old internet claim about my behavior on a cruise, where I 
and "an unidentified female companion" were alleged to have propositioned a third woman, who declined the invitation, I 
informed Buzzfeed, as I had earlier informed the interne accusers, that that unidentified woman was in fact my wife, who didn't 
appreciate the false allegation, and denied it. Buzzfeed then had the temerity to check this assertion with my wife, but that didn't 
stop them from publishing the allegation anyway. And they didn't mention that one of the apparent corroborating claimants, who 
knew full well who I was with at the time because he befriended us on the cruise, had become the boyfriend of one of the 
individuals mentioned in their story who has a long history of making complaints about CFI and essentially all well-known men 
in the skeptical community. So went it for their other Buzzfeed allegations and counter-evidence for those things that were not 
merely hearsay, and thus effectively unfalsifiable. 
Three specific false allegations made by the reporters in the Buzzfeed story that don't relate to listed complainants are 
particularly galling to me, not because they are the most shocking or salacious, but because they are disgustingly out of line to 
anyone who knows me, my actions, and my philosophy. 
I. It is alleged that I stated that maternity leave for women is unfair. I grew up in Canada, and lived also in Australia with 
my wife. Both countries actually have maternity leave policies that are sensible, unlike those in the United States. My 
executive assistant, who in fact took two leaves while she has worked for me, can attest that I was shocked when I 
found that she was provided only six weeks paid leave. In other more sensible countries, paid maternity or paternity 
leave is provided for far longer. I have often spoken about the need for more support for health and human services for 
women and men in this regard in the US, not less. It is disgusting to me that they would suggest otherwise. Related to 
this, as I mentioned earlier, my executive assistant called me one day on the verge of tears as one of the Buzzfeed 
reporters had called her at work, without notice, alleging that someone had said in 2013 that I had not supported her 
ntaternity leave or her later breast pumping in the office, and once again repeated unsubstantiated allegations that many 
women had claimed I was an harasser. My assistant informed them that this was not the case, and that she had taken a 
subsequent maternity leave, and moreover, in the 9 years she has worked for me has never observed of or been aware 
of any behavior along the lines they described. 
2. 
Apparently my statements that the skeptical movement was becoming more diverse, and that it was a good time to be a 
woman in science were taken to represent my misogynistic and sexist delusions. In fact, all you have to do is go to any 
conference and you will see that the programs have become far more diverse, something I have long been a supporter 
of. And throughout my career I have experienced and been part of concerted efforts to help make physics more diverse. 
When I was chair of physics, we not only hired the first women faculty in physics, we also matriculated what was 
probably the first all-female entering graduate physics class. In fact, it is a good time to be a woman in science, and I 
have pointed this out frequently when I lecture precisely because I believe this helps encourage young women who hear 
it to consider a career in science. Claiming that the whole discipline is anti-women merely serves to perpetuate the 
status quo, and defeat the purpose of those who claim they are trying to help. 
3. 
Finally to return to the claim about the event in Australia which started the whole mess. Taken on face value it is 
ridiculous. This was a banquet for donors, attended largely by coupled partners. I showed up at the request of the 
organizers, and agreed to sign books and do selfies before dinner, and actually left before dinner because I was hungry 
and the cocktail session went on so long. In any case, even if I had had an urgent desire to touch someone's breast I 
would have been a complete fool to choose to do that during a session when selfies were being taken and moreover 
when partners had been in attendance, and moreover when the donors to the organization that was hosting the 
conference that supported me were there. (One of the claimed bits of evidence described to ANU by the claimant was 
that there was an actual photo of me touching someone's breast Even after repeated requests by the University, no 
such photo could be produced). Beyond this, however, this claim strikes at the heart of who I am and who I try to be. 
People who come up to me asking for selfies or autographs are vulnerable. They are often shy, sometimes shaking, 
sometimes crying. I go out of my way to make them feel welcome and respected at a time when they could otherwise 
feel humiliated. I believe my friends and colleagues who have witnessed this and any of the perhaps 5000-10,000 
people who had taken such selfies can attest that I try and make people feel comfortable and at case. And while I have 
sometimes been groped or kissed (by various genders) during the process, I treat even these people gently and kindly 
and try not to embarrass them in public. 
I am by nature friendly and informal, even in formal circumstances. This has most often held me in good stead, because it can 
create the atmosphere of safe, open and respectful communication that I want to engender. Nevertheless, that style has 
EFTA00812576
--- PAGE 3 ---
sometimes backfired against me, when I have been in subordinate positions and my informal approach was viewed badly. More 
important, it has clearly made some other people uncomfortable, perhaps because it is unexpected, or seems inappropriate in 
formal settings or is otherwise misinterpreted. In this regard I have undoubtedly uttered what seem like aphorisms or jokes on 
occasions where other have found them to be inappropriate. I apologize to those who have been made to feel uncomfortable by 
this, and who also may have felt they couldn't let me know. With every passing year I have learned to try and rein in my urge to 
always make a joke. I urge those who may interact with me in the future to let me know if my remarks to them make them feel 
uncomfortable or seem inappropriate, and of course will continue to try and ensure that that doesn't happen, and encourage them 
to feel free to respond. 
I am also brash and outspoken, sometimes obnoxious, in public and private, and I realize that this is not always appropriate. I 
have tried to create an atmosphere where people can talk freely to me, whether they are staff, students, or members of the general 
public. If there have been times when my statements may have made people feel uncomfortable, but at the same time they didn't 
feel they could voice their concerns, I am truly sorry. That has never been my intent. I nevertheless know I can be obnoxious and 
perhaps intimidating at times. 
More generally, I have always tried to encourage open discourse in my interactions with family, friends, colleagues, students, and 
members of the public. I realize my own comfort zone for such frank discussion is likely far broader than others. If this has ever 
made anyone feel uncomfortable in a way in which they did not feel they could talk to me about, I also apologize. 
Finally, I have flirted with women during social occasions when it seemed reciprocal, though I did not flirt with students such as 
the young woman described in the article. While this has seemed innocent enough, and I believe it often is, the many stories I 
been reading of late where it has caused unexpected discomfort among men and women have produced an evolving sensitivity in 
this regard, as I expect it has for many people right now. I unabashedly apologize if these interactions unwittingly caused any 
pain or discomfort. My intentions have never been to demean anyone, objectify them, or diminish their sense of self-worth, or 
their ability to respond in a way they felt was appropriate. I have also had promiscuous periods at various times in my life. But 
there again, my relationships were always respectful and consensual. 
I want to make it quite clear: I have never assaulted or sexually harassed anyone, and no institution I have ever been a part of has 
accused me of, or found me to be in violation of, sexual harassment regulations. 
In the current climate I recognize it is virtually impossible to undo the impact of mere allegations, true or false, once they have 
been made public. I have tried to clarify here why the allegations described by Buzzfeed are not credible. Skepticism is 
important, of course, and I expect some have already made up their minds on the basis of the story they read and will be skeptical 
of this statement. But I hope I have given here cause for skepticism about that reporting, and I hope I have honestly and 
accurately conveyed why I have found Buzzfeed's efforts slanderous, harassing, disingenuous and without integrity. I say this 
while at the same time recognizing the need for me to assess more carefully the way I interact with those around me in order to 
achieve the goals I really want: honest, open, frank, fun, and respectful communication. And I recognize that my language and 
attitude have unintentionally have made some people uncomfortable enough to voice their discomfort to others, if not to me. And 
I regret that deeply, and certainly will continue to moderate any behavior that might induce that, and continue to encourage those 
around me to be free to express their feelings and emotions. 
I do not know to what extent my own efforts will be permanently damaged by this experience, especially in light of the current 
climate. But I am determined to try to continue my work, and wherever my positive impacts, to the best of my ability. Along 
with my colleagues I will continue to try and defend science and reason against attacks emanating from those with any 
ideological or religious agenda. I will continue to try and reach out to young people and old alike, to help excite them about the 
Universe in which we live, and to encourage them to think critically about it. I will continue to try and do an ever better job to 
interact with others, regardless of their age, gender, or professional stature, in a friendly and respectful way that will continue to 
allow for open and safe communication, with warmth and mutual respect. I have already expressed my regrets to those for 
whom my remarks may have caused personal pain, and who have felt they weren't able to talk to me about it. I am also sorry to 
those who felt betrayed by what they have read, but I also urge you to also think critically about the context in which it was 
written, and the integrity of those who have written it. 
EFTA00812577

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812578.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Senices 
I-797B, Notice of Action 
Roc, 
Om Typ• 
1129 - PETITION FOR A NON-MEN/GRANT WORKER 
ilearirCli Mae 
0811512017 
Ptkety Eels 
Peeltistar 
EDUCATION ADVANCE 
WO* Ile 
09/07/2017 
raw 
of 2 
MISMIllal 
EDUCATION ADVANCE 
do ARDA BESKARDES 
NI ARDA BESKARDES ESQ 
417 BERGEN ST 
BROOKLYN NY 11217 
Notice Type; 
Approval Notice 
Class: 01 
Valid from 09/07/2017 to 08/14/2020 
The _bone pciiittse Nu bean aporoved, and notification has been sent to the listed consulate. You may also send the tear-off tottom pan of this notice to the 
worker(s) to show the approval. Please contain the consulate with any qacationsalapmkslaa issuance. THIS FOAM IS NOT A VISA AM) MAY NOT BE 
USED IN PLACE OF A VISA. 
Petition approval does not authorize employ nrtu or (raining. When the *Mew are granted status upon admission to the United States, they can then 
work for the petitioner, hut only as detailed in the petition and for the retied authorized. When seeking admission to the United States, the following 
classifications may be eligible fora grace period of up to 10 days before_ and up to 10 days after the petition validity palm!: CW-I. Fe/. E-2. E-3, H.1B. 
H.2R. H-3. L-IA. L-18. O-1.0-2, P-I. P-2. P-3. TN-1. and TN-2. H-2A nottimmigrams may be eligible fora grace period of up to one week before and 
days after the petition validity period. ll pros wed at admission, this gam period w ill be annotated on the beneficiary's 1-94 by Customs and Border 
Protection (CRP). The grace period is a period of authorized say but does not provide the beneficiary authotir.ation to work beyond the petition validity 
period Please contact the IRS with any quest:tens about tea withholding. 
If circumstances shange, the petitioner can file Form 1-824 to have us notify another consulate of this appms al. If any of the workers are already in the U.S. 
the petitioner can file a new Form 1-129 to seek to change or extend their status based on this petition. Changes in employment or training may also requite 
a new petition. Include a copy of this notice with any other required documentation. 
The approval of this visa petition does not in itself grant any immigration ileitis and does not gwasniec that the alien beneficiary will subtcquenily he found 
to he eligible for a visa. for ad:suasion to the United State., or for an extension, change, or adjustment of status. 
Number of worker: 1 
Please see the additional information on the back. You will be notified separately about any other cases you Med 
Vermont Service Center 
U. S. CMZENSHIP & IMMIGRATION SVC 
Lout' Welden Street 
Saint Albans VT05479-0001 
Customer Service Telephone: 4800) 375.5283 
NEM 
ease tear oft portion below and forward it to the alien worker. 
The alum may ate tin. prim when applying for • rho ran Aux-c.c., console. •Otool or if no nu is rtapunni. *ben applyin (or admission lothcILS. 
Receipts: EACI72.U52185 
Case Type: 1129 
Notice Date: Septerneer 07.2017 
Petitioner: EDUCATION ADVANCE, 
Petitioner Validity Dates: Valid from 09/07/2017 to Oa/I4(2020 
Number of Worker.: 
State 
tau 
Consulate/POP. 
DI 
et( 
135 
Form 1.7978 (Rev. tar :11,07,1 
EFTA00812578
--- PAGE 2 ---
C.idzestaltip and Inunignation Services 
1-797B, Notice of Action 
Itacytae Murata, 
Cr TYPE 
1129 - PETITION FOR A NONLNLMICRANT WORKER 
Legend Date 
Priding Debt 
Beddow 
ORM/2017 
EDUCATION ADVANCE 
Neap Dew 
rota 
09,072017 
of 2 
Nang 
DOB 
COB 
Claw 
ConsulateePOE 
OCC 
POZHIDAUVA. SVEILANA 
03/11/19K4 USSR 
O1 
lit 
The Small Business Regulatory- Enforcement and Fairness Act established the Office attic National Ombudsman (ONO) a the South Business 
Administration. The ONO assists small businesses with issues related to federal regulations. If you am a smell business with a comment a complaint about 
regulatory enforcement, you may contact the ONO at www.sba.goviontbuthrnan or phone 202-205-2417 or fax 202-481-5719. 
ritffICK: Although this application or petition has been approved, USCIS and the KS. Department of Homeland Security reserve the right to verify this 
information before and/or after making a decision on your case so we cart ensure that you have complied with applicable laws, rules. regulations, and other 
legal authorities. We may review public information and records, contact others by mail, the intents or phone. conduct site inspections of businesses and 
residences, or use ether methods of verification. We will are the information chained to determine whether you are eligible for the benefit you seek. If we 
And any derogmory information, we will follow the law in determining. %briber to pros ide you land the legal irpteacntainc lusted on svur Form (1.2r, a 
you mbrnitted onni an opportunity to address that infenration before 9.c make a forms) 4ecision an your ease or start prozeedings. 
Please see the additional inform ation on the back. You will be notified separately atatt my other cases you filed 
VttIllett Service Center 
U. S. CMZENSHIP & IMMIGRATION SVC 
Lower Weldon Street 
Stint Alhint VT 05479.0001 
Customer Service Telephone: t8001 375-5283 
FiCaSt tear oft portion below and forward it to the alien wetter. 
The than may use tiusf.rlbn %ryalapptrns iffir 
r 
.wi consulate awn...1. or if no 
ft...pain:J. 
the US. 
VOID 
VOID 
VOID 
VOID 
VOID 
VOID 
VOID 
VOID 
VOID 
VOID 
VOID 
VOID 
- VOID 
-VOID-
Form I-797R (Rev. t013H051 N 
EFTA00812579

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812580.pdf
----------------------------------------
BILL NO. 32-
THIRTY-SECOND LEGISLATURE OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
OF THE UNITED STATES 
To amend Title 13 Virgin Islands Code to provide for the establishment of series limited liability 
companies; and for other purposes 
PROPOSED BY: 
SECTION 1. Title 13, Chapter 15, Virgin Islands Code is amended by adding the 
following §1212 thereof to read as follows: 
§ 1212. Series of members, managers, limited liability company interests or assets. 
(a) An operating agreement may establish or provide for the establishment of one or 
more designated series of members, managers, limited liability company interests or assets. Any 
such series may have separate rights, powers or duties with respect to specified property or 
obligations of the limited liability company or profits and losses associated with specified 
property or obligations, and any such series may have a separate business purpose or investment 
objective. 
(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this chapter or under other 
applicable law, in the event that an operating agreement establishes or provides for the 
establishment of one or more series, and if the records maintained for any such series account for 
the assets associated with such series separately from the other assets of the limited liability 
company, or any other series thereof, and if the operating agreement so provides, and if notice of 
the limitation on liabilities of a series as referenced in this subsection is set forth in the articles of 
organization of the limited liability company, then the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses 
incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing with respect to a particular series shall be 
enforceable against the assets of such series only, and not against the assets of the limited 
liability company generally or any other series thereof, and, unless otherwise provided in the 
operating agreement, none of the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred, contracted 
for or otherwise existing with respect to the limited liability company generally or any other 
series thereof shall be enforceable against the assets of such series. Neither the preceding 
EFTA00812580
--- PAGE 2 ---
sentence nor any provision pursuant thereto in an operating agreement or articles of organization 
shall (i) restrict a series or limited liability company on behalf of a series from agreeing in the 
operating agreement or otherwise that any or all of the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses 
incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing with respect to the limited liability company 
generally or any other series thereof shall be enforceable against the assets of such series or (ii) 
restrict a limited liability company from agreeing in the operating agreement or otherwise that 
any or all of the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred, contracted for or otherwise 
existing with respect to a series shall be enforceable against the assets of the limited liability 
company generally. Assets associated with a series may be held directly or indirectly, including 
in the name of such series, in the name of the limited liability company, through a nominee or 
otherwise. Records maintained for a series that reasonably identify its assets, including by 
specific listing, category, type, quantity, computational or allocational formula or procedure 
(including a percentage or share of any asset or assets) or by any other method where the identity 
of such assets is objectively determinable, will be deemed to account for the assets associated 
with such series separately from the other assets of the limited liability company, or any other 
series thereof. Notice in articles of organization of the limitation on liabilities of a series as 
referenced in this subsection shall be sufficient for all purposes of this subsection whether or not 
the limited liability company has established any series when such notice is included in the 
articles of organization, and there shall be no requirement that any specific series of the limited 
liability company be referenced in such notice. The fact that articles of organization that contains 
the foregoing notice of the limitation on liabilities of a series is on file in the office of the 
Secretary of State shall constitute notice of such limitation on liabilities of a series. As used in 
this chapter, a reference to assets of a series includes assets associated with a series and a 
reference to assets associated with a series includes assets of a series. 
(c) A series established in accordance with subsection (b) of this section may carry on 
any lawful business, purpose or activity, whether or not for profit. Unless otherwise provided in 
an operating agreement, a series established in accordance with subsection (b) of this section 
shall have the power and capacity to, in its own name, contract, hold title to assets (including 
real, personal and intangible property), grant liens and security interests, and sue and be sued. 
(d) Notwithstanding § 1303(a) of this chapter, under an operating agreement or under 
another agreement, a member or manager may agree to be obligated personally for any or all of 
the debts, obligations and liabilities of one or more series. 
(e) An operating agreement may provide for classes or groups of members or managers 
associated with a series having such relative rights, powers and duties as the operating agreement 
may provide, and may make provision for the future creation in the manner provided in the 
operating agreement of additional classes or groups of members or managers associated with the 
series having such relative rights, powers and duties as may from time to time be established, 
including rights, powers and duties senior to existing classes and groups of members or 
managers associated with the series. An operating agreement may provide for the taking of an 
EFTA00812581
--- PAGE 3 ---
action, including the amendment of the operating agreement, without the vote or approval of any 
member or manager or class or group of members or managers, including an action to create 
under the provisions of the operating agreement a class or group of the series of limited liability 
company interests that was not previously outstanding. An operating agreement may provide that 
any member or class or group of members associated with a series shall have no voting rights. 
(0 An operating agreement may grant to all or certain identified members or managers 
or a specified class or group of the members or managers associated with a series the right to 
vote separately or with all or any class or group of the members or managers associated with the 
series, on any matter. Voting by members or managers associated with a series may be on a per 
capita, number, financial interest, class, group or any other basis. 
(g) Unless otherwise provided in an operating agreement, the management of a series 
shall be vested in the members associated with such series in proportion to the then current 
percentage or other interest of members in the profits of the series owned by all of the members 
associated with such series, the decision of members owning more than fifty percent of the said 
percentage or other interest in the profits controlling; provided, however, that if an operating 
agreement provides for the management of the series, in whole or in part, by a manager, the 
management of the series, to the extent so provided, shall be vested in the manager who shall be 
chosen in the manner provided in the operating agreement. The manager of the series shall also 
hold the offices and have the responsibilities accorded to the manager as set forth in an operating 
agreement. A series may have more than one manager. A manager shall cease to be a manager 
with respect to a series as provided in an operating agreement. Except as otherwise provided in 
an operating agreement, any event under this chapter or in an operating agreement that causes a 
manager to cease to be a manager with respect to a series shall not, in itself, cause such manager 
to cease to be a manager of the limited liability company or with respect to any other series 
thereof. 
(h) Notwithstanding § 1405(c) of this chapter, but subject to subsections (i) and (I) of 
this section, and unless otherwise provided in an operating agreement, at the time a member 
associated with a series that has been established in accordance with subsection (b) of this 
section becomes entitled to receive a distribution with respect to such series, the member has the 
status of, and is entitled to all remedies available to, a creditor of the series, with respect to the 
distribution. An operating agreement may provide for the establishment of a record date with 
respect to allocations and distributions with respect to a series. 
(i) Notwithstanding § 1406 of this chapter, a limited liability company may make a 
distribution with respect to a series that has been established in accordance with subsection (b) of 
this section. A limited liability company shall not make a distribution with respect to a series that 
has been established in accordance with subsection (b) of this section to a member to the extent 
that at the time of the distribution, after giving effect to the distribution, all liabilities of such 
EFTA00812582
--- PAGE 4 ---
series, other than liabilities to members on account of their limited liability company interests 
with respect to such series and liabilities for which the recourse of creditors is limited to 
specified property of such series, exceed the fair value of the assets associated with such series, 
except that the fair value of property of the series that is subject to a liability for which the 
recourse of creditors is limited shall be included in the assets associated with such series only to 
the extent that the fair value of that property exceeds that liability. For purposes of the 
immediately preceding sentence, the term "distribution" shall not include amounts constituting 
reasonable compensation for present or past services or reasonable payments made in the 
ordinary course of business pursuant to a bona fide retirement plan or other benefits program. A 
member who receives a distribution in violation of this subsection, and who knew at the time of 
the distribution that the distribution violated this subsection, shall be liable to a series for the 
amount of the distribution. A member who receives a distribution in violation of this subsection, 
and who did not know at the time of the distribution that the distribution violated this subsection, 
shall not be liable for the amount of the distribution. Subject to § 1407(d) of this chapter, which 
shall apply to any distribution made with respect to a series under this subsection, this subsection 
shall not affect any obligation or liability of a member under an agreement or other applicable 
law for the amount of a distribution. 
(j) Unless otherwise provided in the operating agreement, a member shall cease to be 
associated with a series and to have the power to exercise any rights or powers of a member with 
respect to such series upon the assignment of all of the member's limited liability company 
interest with respect to such series. Except as otherwise provided in an operating agreement, any 
event under this chapter or an operating agreement that causes a member to cease to be 
associated with a series shall not, in itself, cause such member to cease to be associated with any 
other series or terminate the continued membership of a member in the limited liability company 
or cause the termination of the series, regardless of whether such member was the last remaining 
member associated with such series. 
(k) Subject to § 1801 of this chapter, except to the extent otherwise provided in the 
operating agreement, a series may be terminated and its affairs wound up without causing the 
dissolution of the limited liability company. The termination of a series established in accordance 
with subsection (b) of this section shall not affect the limitation on liabilities of such series 
provided by subsection (b) of this section. A series is terminated and its affairs shall be wound up 
upon the dissolution of the limited liability company under § 1801 of this chapter or otherwise 
upon the first to occur of the following: 
(1) At the time specified in the operating agreement; 
(2) Upon the happening of events specified in the operating agreement; 
(3) Unless otherwise provided in the operating agreement, upon the vote or consent of 
members associated with such series who own more than 2/3 of the then-current percentage or 
EFTA00812583
--- PAGE 5 ---
other interest in the profits of the series of the limited liability company owned by all of the 
members associated with such series; or 
(4) The termination of such series under subsection (m) of this section. 
(1) Notwithstanding § 1803(a) of this chapter, unless otherwise provided in the operating 
agreement, a manager associated with a series who has not wrongfully terminated the series or, if 
none, the members associated with the series or a person approved by the members associated 
with the series, in either case, by members who own more than fifty percent of the then current 
percentage or other interest in the profits of the series owned by all of the members associated 
with the series, may wind up the affairs of the series; but, if the series has been established in 
accordance with subsection (b) of this section, the Superior Court, upon cause shown, may wind 
up the affairs of the series upon application of any member or manager associated with the 
series, or the member's personal representative or assignee, and in connection therewith, may 
appoint a liquidating trustee. The persons winding up the affairs of a series may, in the name of 
the limited liability company and for and on behalf of the limited liability company and such 
series, take all actions with respect to the series as are permitted under 1803 of this chapter. The 
persons winding up the affairs of a series shall provide for the claims and obligations of the 
series and distribute the assets of the series as provided in 1806 of this chapter, which section 
shall apply to the winding up and distribution of assets of a series. Actions taken in accordance 
with this subsection shall not affect the liability of members and shall not impose liability on a 
liquidating trustee. 
(m) On application by or for a member or manager associated with a series established in 
accordance with subsection (b) of this section, the Supreme Court may decree termination of 
such series whenever it is not reasonably practicable to carry on the business of the series in 
conformity with an operating agreement. 
(n) If a foreign limited liability company that is applying for a certificate of authority to 
do business in the Virgin Islands in accordance with § 2002 of this chapter is governed by an 
operating agreement that establishes or provides for the establishment of designated series of 
members, managers, limited liability company interests or assets having separate rights, powers 
or duties with respect to specified property or obligations of the foreign limited liability company 
or profits and losses associated with specified property or obligations, that fact shall be so stated 
on the application for registration as a foreign limited liability company. In addition, the foreign 
limited liability company shall state on such application whether the debts, liabilities and 
obligations incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing with respect to a particular series, if 
any, shall be enforceable against the assets of such series only, and not against the assets of the 
foreign limited liability company generally or any other series thereof, and whether any of the 
debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing with 
respect to the foreign limited liability company generally or any other series thereof shall be 
enforceable against the assets of such series. 
EFTA00812584
--- PAGE 6 ---
SECTION 2. Title 13, Chapter 15, Virgin Islands Code is amended by adding the 
following §1401a, immediately following §1401 thereof, to read as follows: 
§ 1401a. Co-ownership of interest in limited liability company as joint tenants with right of 
survivorship, tenants in common, or tenants by the entireties 
(a) Except as prohibited or restricted in an operating agreement, an interest in a limited 
liability company may be held by two or more natural persons as joint tenants with right of 
survivorship or as tenants in common, or by a married couple as tenants by the entireties. Except 
as otherwise provided in this section or in an operating agreement, an assignment or issuance of 
an interest in a limited liability company to two or more natural persons creates a tenancy in 
common. 
(b) A joint tenancy with right of survivorship is created when a written operating 
agreement expressly declares that two or more natural persons hold an interest in a limited 
liability company as joint tenants with right of survivorship or in joint tenancy with right of 
survivorship. Except as prohibited or restricted in an operating agreement, a joint tenancy with 
right of survivorship may also be created by a written assignment of an interest in a limited 
liability company to two or more natural persons, who may include one or more assignors, or by 
the articles of organization of the limited liability company, if the written assignment or the 
articles of organization have been signed by each joint tenant and contain the express written 
declaration that the joint tenants hold the interest as joint tenants with right of survivorship or in 
joint tenancy with right of survivorship. 
(c) A tenancy by the entireties is created when a written operating agreement expressly 
declares that a married couple holds an interest in a limited liability company as tenants by the 
entireties. Except as prohibited or restricted in an operating agreement, a tenancy by the 
entireties may also be created by a written assignment of an interest in a limited liability 
company to a married couple, who may include one or both assignor spouses, or by the articles 
of organization of the limited liability company, if the written assignment or the articles of 
organization have been signed by each spouse and contain the express written declaration that 
the two spouses hold the interest as tenants by the entireties. 
(d) All co-owners of an interest in a limited liability company held as joint tenants with 
right of survivorship or as tenants by the entireties, shall own an equal undivided interest in the 
interest. Each co-owner of an interest in a limited liability company, whether the interest is held 
as tenants in common, joint tenants with right of survivorship, or tenants by the entireties, shall 
have only the rights of a transferee with respect to the interest, both during the lifetime and 
following the death of any other co-owner, unless and until the co-owner is admitted as a 
member in accordance with the operating agreement or section 1503. 
(e) If an interest in a limited liability company is held by two or more persons in joint 
tenancy with right of survivorship or by a married couple as tenants by the entireties, after the 
death of a co-owner of the interest: 
EFTA00812585
--- PAGE 7 ---
(1) The surviving co-owner or co-owners of the interest shall succeed to the 
ownership of the decedent's interest in the limited liability company without further 
action by the limited liability company or the other members, and shall have only the 
rights of a transferee with respect to the interest, unless and until the co-owner is admitted 
as a member in accordance with the operating agreement or section 1503. 
(2) The interest in the limited liability company in the hands of the surviving co-
owner or co-owners shall continue to be subject to all obligations and liabilities to which 
that interest was subject immediately before the death under the terms of the operating 
agreement or other agreement among one or more members or third parties. 
(3) If there is more than one surviving co-owner of an interest held in joint 
tenancy with right of survivorship, after the death of a co-owner the surviving co-owners 
shall continue to own the interest in equal shares as joint tenants with right of 
survivorship. 
(0 Except as otherwise provided in an operating agreement: 
(1) The distribution, voting, approval and other management rights with respect to 
an interest in a limited liability company that is co-owned by two or more persons, 
whether the interest is held as tenants in common, joint tenants with right of survivorship, 
or tenants by the entireties, shall be the same as if the interest were held by only one 
person. 
(2) Each co-owner of an interest in a limited liability company who has been 
admitted as a member may exercise all voting, approval and other management rights of 
a member, including the right to approve an amendment to the operating agreement, with 
respect to an interest held as tenancy in common, joint tenancy with right of survivorship, 
or tenancy by the entireties. 
(3) The limited liability company is entitled to rely in good faith on the act of a 
member that purports to be taken in the exercise of any voting, approval or other 
management right, including the right to approve an amendment to the operating 
agreement relating to an interest in a limited liability company that is co-owned by the 
member with one or more other persons, whether the interest is held as tenants in 
common, joint tenants with right of survivorship, tenants by the entireties. 
(g) If a co-owner of an interest in a limited liability company held as joint tenants with 
right of survivorship or tenants by the entireties transfers part or all of the co-owner's share of 
that interest, the right of survivorship or the tenancy by the entireties is extinguished and the co-
owners of the interest after the transfer hold their shares of the interest as tenants in common, 
except as otherwise provided in an operating agreement. 
(10 Except as otherwise provided in an operating agreement, a limited liability company 
does not need to give effect to any creation or extinguishment of a right of survivorship or a 
tenancy by the entireties, until the limited liability company has received written notice of the 
EFTA00812586
--- PAGE 8 ---
change in the form of ownership or of the creation or the extinguishment of a right of 
survivorship or tenancy by the entireties at the address of its known place of business or the 
address of its agent for service of process in the records of the Lieutenant Governor. 
(i) With respect to an interest in a limited liability company owned in joint tenancy with 
right of survivorship, tenancy in common, or tenancy by the entireties, if a charging order from a 
court of competent jurisdiction is obtained against a co-owner's share of the interest, it shall 
attach only to that co-owner's share or portion of the interest and not to the share or portion of the 
other co-owner or co-owners. 
(j) The provisions of this section shall apply to co-ownership interests in a limited 
liability company regardless of whether such interests were created subsequent or prior to the 
date of enactment of the Act that added this section. 
SECTION 3. Title 13, Chapter 1, Virgin Islands Code is amended in the following 
instances: 
(a) §61 thereof is amended by adding the following sentence at the end thereof: "The board 
of directors of a corporation consists of one or more members, each of whom may be a 
natural person or a juridical person." 
(b) §69 thereof is amended to read as follows: 
§ 69. Officers, Selection, Term and Duties; Omission of the Elections; Vacancies, 
Nonprofit Organizations. 
(a) 
Every corporation organized in accordance with this chapter shall have 
one or more officers with such titles and duties as are provided in the bylaws of the 
corporation or in a resolution of the board of directors which is not inconsistent with such 
bylaws, and as may be necessary to allow the corporation to execute instruments and 
stock certificates. Any officer may be a natural person or a juridical person. One of the 
officers shall be appointed president, chief executive officer or other analogous title. One 
of the officers shall record all of the minutes of all meetings of the stockholders of the 
corporation and of the board of directors in a book to be kept for said purposes. An 
officer may simultaneously hold one or more of the offices established, unless the articles 
of incorporation or the bylaws provide otherwise. To secure the performance of his/her 
duties, the board of directors may require any officer to post a bond, in the amount and 
with such surety or sureties as the board may provide 
(b) 
The officers shall be chosen in the manner and for the term provided by 
the bylaws or the board of directors or other directing or governing body. Every officer 
shall continue to hold office until replaced by his/her successor or until he/she resigns or 
is removed, whichever occurs first. Any officer may resign at any time through written 
notice or electronic communication to the corporation. 
(c) 
The fact that the annual election of the president, secretary, treasurer and 
other officers is omitted shall not cause the dissolution of the corporation nor otherwise 
affect it. 
EFTA00812587
--- PAGE 9 ---
(c) Subsection (c) of §471 thereof is amended by deleting existing paragraph (4) thereof and 
inserting new paragraphs (4) and (5) in lieu thereof to read as follows: 
"(4) Whether the corporation shall be continued in the United States 
Virgin Islands as a corporation under this chapter or as a limited liability company 
under chapter 15; 
"(5) In the case of a corporation that shall be continued in the United 
States Virgin Islands as a corporation under this chapter, amended articles of 
incorporation that meet all of the provisions and requirements of section 2 of this 
title, and in the case of a corporation that shall be continued in the United States 
Virgin Islands as a limited liability company under chapter 15, amended articles 
of organization that meet all of the provisions and requirements of section 1203 of 
this title, and in either case including any change of name of the corporation, as of 
the date of the corporation's continuance in the United States Virgin Islands." 
EFTA00812588
--- PAGE 10 ---
EXPLANATION 
The bill amends the Virgin Islands Uniform Limited Liability Company ("LLC") Act in 
three respects. 
First, Section 1 amends the LLC Act to provide for what has come to be known as "series 
LLCs." Some states, such as Delaware, have had this type of provision in their LLC law for a 
number of years and this bill would enact provisions similar to those of Delaware. 
A series LLC is an LLC with several classes of ownership interest, each known as a 
"series." Each series may have different members, different managers, and different assets from 
the other series in the LLC. Most importantly, the statute provides limited liability among the 
various series in the LLC so that the debts of one series may not be satisfied from the assets 
belonging to other series. 
Series LLCs have been used by companies for various purposes and are particularly well 
suited to situations where it is beneficial to operate several different businesses under one 
banner. Series LLCs may help to reduce the need for many different ownership entities for 
related businesses. For example, a retail furniture store that offers customer financing could 
place the retail operations in one series and the financing operations in another series within a 
single LLC. The retail operations series and the financing operations series could then each have 
separately identifiable owners, managers, assets, liabilities, and business purposes. 
The flexibility that series LLCs provides should attract more entrepreneurs to the Virgin 
Islands and give them, and existing local businesses, additional options as to how they might 
structure the establishment of their businesses. 
Second, Section 2 amends the LLC Act to clarify that two or more persons may own a 
single interest in an LLC as joint tenants with the right of survivorship, as tenants in common, or, 
in the case of a married couple, as tenants by the entireties. In the case of joint tenancies and 
tenancies by the entireties, this means that if one of the co-owners dies, then the other co-
owner(s) will automatically succeed to the decedent's interest. The provision added by section 2 
also spells out the means of creation, consequences, and procedures applicable to all three types 
of co-ownership of an LLC. Section 2 also specifies that its rules shall apply retroactively to co-
ownership interests in LLCs that were created prior to the date of enactment of this amendment. 
Third, Section 3 amends the Virgin Islands Corporation Law (Title 13, chapter 1) to 
allow for juridical persons (such as corporations or LLCs) to serve as officers or directors of a 
Virgin Islands corporation. This change in the law will be unique in the United States although it 
is often permitted in many other countries around the world. Making this change would be 
EFTA00812589
--- PAGE 11 ---
helpful in attracting new companies to the Virgin Islands and making the Virgin Islands financial 
services industry more competitive and dynamic. Section 3 would also amend the 
redomiciliation (also known as "continuation") provisions of the Corporation law to allow 
continuation of a foreign entity in the Virgin Islands as either a limited liability company or a 
corporation, unlike current law that only permits continuation as a corporation. 
EFTA00812590

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812591.pdf
----------------------------------------
BILL NO. 32-
THIRTY-SECOND LEGISLATURE OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
OF THE UNITED STATES 
To amend Titles 15, 28, and 5, Virgin Islands Code to allow additional protections for trust settlers. 
beneficiaries, and trustees and other fiduciaries; and for other purposes 
PROPOSED BY: 
SECTION 1. Title 15, Virgin Islands Code is amended by adding a new Chapter 69 
thereof to read as follows: 
Chapter 69. Fiduciaries and Trusts 
Subchapter I. Purpose Trusts, Protection from Creditors, and Other Rules 
§ 1501. Definitions. 
As used in this subchapter: 
(1) 
"Beneficial interest" means only a distribution interest or a remainder interest. A 
beneficial interest specifically excludes a power of appointment or a power reserved by the 
settlor; 
(2) 
"Distribution beneficiary" means a beneficiary who is an eligible distributee or 
permissible distributee of trust income or principal; 
(3) 
"Distribution interest" means a distribution interest held by a distribution 
beneficiary. A distribution interest may be a current distribution interest or a future distribution 
interest. A distribution interest may be classified as a mandatory interest, a support interest, or a 
discretionary interest; 
EFTA00812591
--- PAGE 2 ---
(4) 
"Power of appointment," except as provided in § 1509, means a power, including 
a withdrawal power as defined in § 1507, to direct the disposition of trust property, but does not 
include the authority of a trustee to make a distribution to a beneficiary; 
(5) 
"Reach," with respect to a distribution interest or power, means to subject the 
distribution interest or power to a judgment, decree, garnishment, attachment, execution, levy, 
creditor's bill or other legal, equitable, or administrative process, relief, or control of any court, 
tribunal, agency, or other entity as provided by law; 
(6) 
"Remainder interest" means an interest where a trust beneficiary receives the 
property outright at some time during the future; 
(7) 
"Reserved power" means a power held by the settlor. 
§ 1502. Objects for which trust may be created. 
Objects of a trust or power may be persons or purposes. A trust may be created for any purpose 
for which a contract may lawfully be made. 
§ 1503. Trusts for noncharitable purposes. 
Subject to the provisions of §1504 and §1505, a trust may be performed if the trust is for a 
specific lawful noncharitable purpose or for lawful noncharitable purposes to be selected by the 
trustee. Neither the common law rule against perpetuities nor any common law rule limiting the 
duration of noncharitable purpose trusts may be in force in the Virgin Islands. 
§ 1504. Trust for the care of a designated animal. 
Subject to the provisions of §1505, a trust for the care of a designated animal is valid. The trust 
terminates when no living animal is covered by the trust. A governing instrument shall be 
liberally construed to bring the transfer within this section, to presume against the merely 
precatory or honorary nature of the disposition, and to carry out the general intent of the 
transferor. Extrinsic evidence is admissible in determining the transferor's intent. 
§ 1505. Provisions governing trusts for specific purposes selected by trustee and for care of 
animals. 
Any trust provided for by §1503 and §1504 is subject to the following provisions: 
EFTA00812592
--- PAGE 3 ---
(a) Except as expressly provided otherwise in a trust instrument, no portion of the 
principal or income may be converted to the use of the trustee or to any use other than for the 
trust's purposes or for the benefit of a covered animal; 
(b) Upon termination, the trustee shall transfer the unexpended trust property in the 
following order: 
(1) As directed in the trust instrument; 
(2) If the trust was created in a nonresiduary clause in the transferor's will or in a codicil to 
the transferor's will, then under the residuary clause in the transferor's will; and 
(3) If no beneficiary results from the application of clause (1) or (2) of this subsection, then 
to the transferor's heirs-at-law according to the applicable laws of intestate succession; 
(c) A residuary clause is treated as creating a future interest under the terms of a trust; 
(d) The intended use of the principal or income may be enforced by a person designated 
for that purpose in the trust instrument or, if none, by an individual appointed by a court upon 
application to it by that person; 
(e) Except as ordered by the court or required by the trust instrument, no filing, report, 
registration, periodic accounting, separate maintenance of funds, appointment, or fee is required 
by reason of the existence of the fiduciary relationship of the trustee; 
(0 A court may reasonably reduce the amount of the property transferred if it determines 
that that amount substantially exceeds the amount required for the intended use. The amount of 
the reduction, if any, passes as unexpended trust property under subsection (b) of this section; 
(g) 
If no trustee is designated or no designated trustee is willing or able to serve, a court 
shall name a trustee. A court may order the transfer of the property to another trustee if required 
to ensure that the intended use is carried out and if no successor trustee is designated in the trust 
instrument or if no designated successor trustee agrees to serve or is able to serve. A court may 
also make such other orders and determinations as are advisable to carry out the intent of the 
transferor and the purpose of §§ 1503 to 1505, inclusive. 
§ 1506. Improper Motive. 
For purposes of this subchapter, improper motive is demonstrated by action such as the 
following: 
EFTA00812593
--- PAGE 4 ---
(a) 
A trustee refusing to make or limiting distributions to beneficiaries other than the 
trustee due to the trustee's self-interest when the trustee also holds a beneficial interest subject to 
a discretionary interest; or 
(b) 
A trustee making a distribution in excess of an ascertainable standard to himself or 
herself as beneficiary when the trustee is restricted by an ascertainable standard in the trust. 
§ 1507. Withdrawal power. 
A withdrawal power allows a person a right to withdraw all or some part of the trust property, 
whether from income or principal. The holder of a withdrawal power is not deemed to be the 
settlor of the trust by failing to exercise a withdrawal power or letting a withdrawal power lapse. 
§ 1508. Distinction between discretionary trust and support trust; creditor rights; judicial 
review. 
The common law distinction between a discretionary trust and a support trust and the dual 
judicial review standards related to this distinction shall be maintained. In the area of creditor 
rights, the Restatement of Trusts (Third) and the Uniform Trust Code create many new positions 
of law as well as adopts many minority positions of law. The provisions of this subchapter, 
affirmatively reject many of these positions. Therefore, the Legislature does not intend the courts 
to consult the Restatement (Third) of the Law of Trusts § 50, § 56, § 58, § 59, or § 60 as 
approved by the American Law Institute with respect to subject matters addressed by the 
provisions of this subchapter. 
§ 1509. Judicial foreclosure of beneficial interests, powers of appointment, and reserved 
powers prohibited; creditors may not reach powers of appointment or remainder interests. 
Regardless of whether or not a trust contains a spendthrift provision: 
No beneficial interest, power of appointment, or reserved power in a trust may be 
judicially foreclosed; 
(2) No creditor may reach a power of appointment or a remainder interest at the trust level. 
The creditor shall wait until the funds are distributed before the creditor may reach the 
funds; and 
(3) No power of appointment is property or an interest in property. 
EFTA00812594
--- PAGE 5 ---
For purposes of this section, a power of appointment is held by a person to whom a power has 
been given, not the settlor. 
§ 1510. Certain remainder interests not property interests. 
Although a remainder interest may be an enforceable right, where it is not certain based on the 
language of the trust that the remainder interest will be distributed within one year, it may not be 
classified as a property interest. 
§ 1511. Interest of beneficiary or others not reachable by creditors. 
(a) 
No creditor may reach an interest of a beneficiary or of any other person on the 
grounds that the beneficiary or other person holds, either alone or in conjunction with another 
person, either or both of the following: 
(1) An unconditional or conditional power to remove a trustee; or 
(2) An unconditional or conditional power to replace a trustee. 
(b) The powers to remove or replace a trustee are personal to the power holder. No court 
may order, direct, or otherwise compel a power holder to directly or indirectly exercise the 
power to remove or replace a trustee for the purpose of directly or indirectly satisfying, either in 
whole or in part, any claim or judgment against the power holder or a beneficiary. 
(c) The powers to remove or replace a trustee, whether exercisable alone or in 
conjunction with another person, are not a property interest. 
(d) No creditor may reach an interest of a beneficiary on the grounds that the beneficiary 
is also a trustee or a co-trustee and no court may foreclose against such an interest. No court may 
order, direct, or otherwise compel a distribution because the beneficiary is then serving as a 
trustee or co-trustee. 
§ 1512. Trust property not subject to personal obligations of trustee. 
Trust property is not subject to the personal obligations of the trustee, even if the trustee becomes 
insolvent or bankrupt. 
EFTA00812595
--- PAGE 6 ---
§ 1513 Distribution and remainder interests not relevant to division of marital property. 
Neither a distribution interest nor a remainder interest are relevant in the equitable division of 
marital property. 
§ 1514. Resources of settlor's spouse to be considered in making distribution from support 
trust; other beneficiary's resources need not be considered. 
Unless otherwise provided in the trust, if the settlor's spouse is named as beneficiary, the settlor's 
spouse is still living, and the trust is classified as a support trust, then the trustee shall consider 
the resources of the settlor's spouse, including the settlor's obligation of support, prior to making 
a distribution. In all other cases, unless otherwise provided in the trust, the trustee need not 
consider the beneficiary's resources in determining whether a distribution should be made. 
§ 1515. Factors which are not dominion and control over trust. 
In the event that a party challenges a settlor or a beneficiary's influence over a trust, none of the 
following factors, alone or in combination, may be considered dominion and control over a trust: 
(1) The settlor or a beneficiary serving as a trustee or a co-trustee as described in § 1518; 
(2) The settlor or a beneficiary holds an unrestricted power to remove or replace a 
trustee; 
(3) The settlor or a beneficiary is a trust administrator, a general partner of a partnership, 
a manager of a limited liability company, an officer of a corporation, or any other 
managerial function of any other type of entity, and part or all of the trust property 
consists of an interest in the entity; 
(4) A person related by blood or adoption to the settlor or a beneficiary is appointed as 
trustee; 
(5) The settlor's or a beneficiary's agent, accountant, attorney, financial advisor, or friend 
is appointed as trustee; 
(6) A business associate is appointed as a trustee; 
(7) A beneficiary holds any power of appointment over any or all of the trust property; 
(8) The settlor holds a power to substitute property of equivalent value; 
EFTA00812596
--- PAGE 7 ---
(9) The trustee may loan trust property to the senior for less than a full and adequate rate 
of interest or without adequate security; 
(10) The distribution language provides any discretion; 
(11) The trust has only one beneficiary eligible for current distributions; or 
(12) The beneficiary serving as a trust advisor for investments under section 1561 of this 
chapter. 
§ 1516. Factors which are insufficient evidence that settlor controls or is alter ego of 
trustee. 
Absent clear and convincing evidence, no settlor of an irrevocable trust may be deemed to be the 
alter ego of a trustee. The following factors by themselves or in combination are not sufficient 
evidence for a court to conclude that the settlor controls a trustee or is the alter ego of a trustee: 
(1) Any combination of the factors listed in §I515; 
(2) Isolated occurrences where the settlor has signed checks, made disbursements, or 
executed other documents related to the trust as a trustee, when in fact the settlor was 
not a trustee; 
(3) Making any requests for distributions on behalf of beneficiaries; 
(4) Making any requests to the trustee to hold, purchase, distribute, or sell any trust 
property. 
§ 1517. 
Provision that beneficial interest in trust income or principal may not be 
transferred before payment to beneficiary permissible. 
A settlor may provide in the terms of the trust that a beneficiary's beneficial interest in a trust's 
income, principal, or in both, may not be voluntarily or involuntarily transferred before payment 
or delivery of the beneficial interest to the beneficiary by the trustee. 
§ 1518. Trust declaration that beneficiary's interest subject to spendthrift trust; payment 
of beneficiary expenses. 
A declaration in a trust that the interest of a beneficiary shall be held subject to a spendthrift trust 
is sufficient to restrain voluntary or involuntary alienation of a beneficial interest by a 
EFTA00812597
--- PAGE 8 ---
beneficiary to the maximum extent provided by law. Regardless of whether a beneficiary has 
any outstanding creditor, a trustee of a spendthrift trust may directly pay any expense on behalf 
of such beneficiary and may exhaust the income and principal of the trust for the benefit of such 
beneficiary. No trustee is liable to any creditor for paying the expenses of a beneficiary of a 
spendthrift trust. 
§ 1519. Satisfaction of claims of settlor's creditors from trust estate if settlor is beneficiary. 
If a settlor is also a beneficiary of the trust, and the transfer is a qualified disposition pursuant to 
subchapter III, the provisions of §§ 1506 to 1527, inclusive, also apply. Conversely, if the settlor 
is a beneficiary of the trust and the transfer is not a qualified disposition pursuant to subchapter 
III, a provision restraining the voluntary or involuntary transfer of the settlor's beneficial interest 
does not prevent the settlor's creditors from satisfying claims from the settlor's interest in the 
trust estate. 
§ 1520. Effect on creditor claims of trustee discretionary powers to pay taxes or make 
reimbursements for taxes. 
Regardless of whether a disposition is a qualified disposition pursuant to subchapter III of this 
chapter, where a trustee is granted a discretionary power by the terms of the trust instrument, or 
any provision of law, to pay directly to any taxing authority, or to reimburse the person liable for, 
any tax imposed by a taxing authority on the person by reason of the person being treated as the 
owner of all or any portion of the trust property pursuant to §§ 671 to 678, inclusive, of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 26 U.S.C. §§ 671 to 678, inclusive, as of January 1, 2016, and 
the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, as of January 1, 2016, or pursuant to the 
applicable law of any other jurisdiction: 
(1) 
A creditor of the person shall not satisfy a claim from the property of the trust 
solely because of the existence or exercise of the discretionary power; and 
(2) 
The use of trust property to pay the tax shall not be deemed a distribution or 
transfer of trust property to the person for any purpose, and the amount paid from the trust to the 
taxing authority or to the person in reimbursement of the person's payment of the tax is not 
subject to the claims of a creditor of the person solely because of the existence or exercise of the 
discretionary power. 
§ 1521. Application of spendthrift provision. 
A spendthrift provision applies to both distribution interests and remainder interests. A 
spendthrift provision is a material provision of a trust. 
EFTA00812598
--- PAGE 9 ---
§ 1522. Classification of distribution interest. 
A distribution interest can be classified in three ways: 
As a mandatory interest, which is a distribution interest, in which the timing of 
any distribution must occur within one year from the date the right to the distribution arises, and 
the trustee has no discretion in determining whether a distribution shall be made or the amount of 
such distribution; 
(2) 
As a support interest, which is not a mandatory interest but still contains 
mandatory language such as "shall make distributions" and is coupled with a standard capable of 
judicial interpretation; or 
(3) 
As a discretionary interest, which is any interest where a trustee has any 
discretion to make or withhold a distribution. 
A discretionary interest may be evidenced by permissive language such as "may make 
distributions" or it may be evidenced by mandatory distribution language that is negated by the 
discretionary language of the trust, such as "the trustee shall make distributions in the trustee's 
sole and absolute discretion." An interest that includes mandatory distribution language such as 
"shall" but is subsequently qualified by discretionary distribution language shall be classified as 
a discretionary interest and not as a support or a mandatory interest. A discretionary interest is 
any interest that is not a mandatory or a support interest. 
§ 1523. Bifurcation of trust. 
To the extent a trust contains any combination of a mandatory provision or a support provision or 
other provisions, the trust shall be bifurcated as follows: 
(1) The trust shall be a mandatory interest only to the extent of the mandatory language; 
(2) The trust shall be a support interest only to the extent of such support language; 
(3) The remaining trust property shall be held as a discretionary interest; 
(4) A support interest that includes mandatory language such as "shall" but is 
subsequently qualified by discretionary language, shall be classified as a 
discretionary interest and not as a support interest. 
EFTA00812599
--- PAGE 10 ---
§ 1524. Language resulting in classification of distribution interest. 
Although not the exclusive means to create a distribution interest, absent clear and convincing 
evidence to the contrary, the following language by itself results in the following classification of 
distribution interest: 
(a) Mandatory interest: 
(i) "All income shall be distributed to (named beneficiary)"; or 
(ii) "One hundred thousand dollars a year shall be distributed to (named 
beneficiary)"; 
(b) Support interest: 
"The trustee shall make distributions for health, education, maintenance, and 
support"; 
(b) Discretionary interest: 
(i) "The trustee, may, in the trustee's sole and absolute discretion make distributions 
for health, education, maintenance, and support"; 
(ii) "The trustee, in the trustee's sole and absolute discretion, shall make distributions 
for health, education, maintenance, and support"; 
(iii) "The trustee may make distributions for health, education, maintenance, and 
support"; 
(iv) "The trustee shall make distributions for health, education, maintenance, and 
support. The trustees may exclude any of the beneficiaries or may make unequal 
distributions among them"; 
(v) "The trustee may make distributions for health, education, maintenance, support, 
comfort, and general welfare." 
§ 1525. Effect of spendthrift provision. 
If the trust contains a spendthrift provision, no creditor may reach present or future mandatory 
distributions from the trust at the trust level. Moreover, no court may order a trustee to distribute 
past due mandatory distributions directly to a creditor. 
EFTA00812600
--- PAGE 11 ---
§ 1526. Mandatory or support interests. 
(a) A beneficiary of a mandatory or a support interest has an enforceable right to a 
distribution pursuant to a court's review. A trustee's distribution decision may be reviewed for 
unreasonableness, dishonesty, improper motivation, or failure, if under a duty to do so, to act. 
This does not, however, raise the beneficiary's support interest to the level of a property interest. 
(b) If the trust contains a spendthrift provision, notwithstanding the beneficiary's right to 
force a distribution with regard to a mandatory or support interest, no creditor may force a 
distribution with regard to a mandatory or support interest. No creditor may reach present or 
future support distributions with regard to a mandatory or support interest. 
(c) Regardless of whether a beneficiary has any outstanding creditor, a trustee of a 
mandatory or a support interest may directly pay any expense on behalf of such beneficiary. No 
trustee is liable to any creditor for paying the expenses of a beneficiary of a mandatory or 
support interest. 
§ 1527. Discretionary interests. 
The following provisions apply only to discretionary interests: 
(a) 
A discretionary interest is neither a property interest nor an enforceable right. It is 
a mere expectancy; 
(b) 
No creditor may force a distribution with regard to a discretionary interest. No 
creditor may require the trustee to exercise the trustee's discretion to make a distribution with 
regard to a discretionary interest; 
(c) 
A court may review a trustee's distribution discretion only if the trustee: 
(1) 
Acts dishonestly; 
(2) 
Acts with an improper motive; or 
(3) 
Fails, if under a duty to do so, to act. 
A reasonableness standard may not be applied to the exercise of discretion by the trustee with 
regard to a discretionary interest. Other than for the three circumstances listed in this subsection 
(c), a court has no jurisdiction to review the trustee's discretion or to force a distribution. 
Absent express language to the contrary, in the event that the distribution language in a 
discretionary interest permits unequal distributions between beneficiaries or distributions to the 
exclusion of other beneficiaries, the trustee may distribute all of the accumulated, accrued, or 
undistributed income and principal to one beneficiary in the trustee's discretion. 
EFTA00812601
--- PAGE 12 ---
Regardless of whether a beneficiary has any outstanding creditor, a trustee of a discretionary 
interest may directly pay any expense on behalf of such beneficiary and may exhaust the income 
and principal of the trust for the benefit of such beneficiary. No trustee is liable to any creditor 
for paying the expenses of a beneficiary of a discretionary interest. 
§ 1528. Action for fraudulent transfer of settlor's assets. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no action of any kind, including an action to enforce 
a judgment entered by a court or other body having adjudicative authority, may be brought at law 
or in equity for an attachment or other provisional remedy against property that is the subject of a 
Virgin Islands trust or for avoidance of a transfer to a Virgin Islands trust unless the settlor's 
transfer of property was made with the intent to defraud that specific creditor. 
§ 1529. Limitation of action for fraudulent transfer of settlor's assets. 
A cause of action or claim for relief with respect to a fraudulent transfer of a settlor's assets 
pursuant to §1528 is extinguished unless the action under §1528 is brought by a creditor of the 
settlor who meets one of the following requirements: 
(a) 
Is a creditor of the settlor before the settlor's assets are transferred to the trust, and 
the action under § 1528 is brought within the later of: 
(1) Two years after the transfer is made; or 
(2) Six months after the transfer is or reasonably could have been discovered by 
the creditor if the creditor: 
(i) Can demonstrate that the creditor asserted a specific claim against the 
settlor before the transfer; or 
(ii) Files another action, other than an action under §1528, against the 
settlor that asserts a claim based on an act or omission of the senior that 
occurred before the transfer, and the action described in this subsection is 
filed within two years after the transfer; or 
(b) 
Becomes a creditor subsequent to the transfer into trust, and the action under 
§ 1528 is brought within two years after the transfer is made. 
(c) 
In any action described in §1528, the burden to prove the matter by clear and 
convincing evidence is upon the creditor. 
EFTA00812602
--- PAGE 13 ---
§ 1530. No contest clause defined; enforceability. 
For purposes of §§1530 to 1535, inclusive, a no contest clause is a provision or clause in a trust, 
that penalizes a qualified beneficiary for contesting a trust or instituting other proceedings at law 
or equity relating to the trust estate, excluding proceedings related to trust administration. Except 
as provided in §§1530 to 1535, inclusive, a no contest clause shall be enforced unless probable 
cause exists for instituting the proceeding on the grounds of: 
(1) Fraud; 
(2) Duress; 
(3) Revocation; 
(4) Lack of contractual capacity; 
(5) Undue influence; 
(6) Mistake; 
(7) Forgery; or 
(8) Irregularity in the execution of the trust document. 
§ 1531. Extrinsic evidence not admissible to establish settlor's intent concerning no contest 
clause. 
A no contest clause shall be construed to carry out the settlor's intent. Except to the extent the no 
contest clause in the trust is vague or ambiguous, extrinsic evidence is not admissible to establish 
the settlor's intent concerning the no contest clause. The provisions of this section do not prohibit 
such evidence from being admitted for any other purpose authorized by law. 
§ 1532. Circumstances under which no contest clause unenforceable. 
A no contest clause is not enforceable against a beneficiary to the extent the beneficiary, in good 
faith and based upon probable cause, contests a provision that benefits any of the following 
persons: 
(I) A person who drafted or transcribed the instrument; 
(2) A person who gave directions to the drafter of the instrument concerning dispositive 
or other substantive contents of the provisions or who directed the drafter to include 
the no contest clause in the instrument; however, this section does not apply if the 
settlor affirmatively instructed the drafter to include the contents of the provision or 
the no contest clause; or 
EFTA00812603
--- PAGE 14 ---
(3) A person who acted as a witness to the instrument. 
§ 1533. Contest regarding settlor's signature. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in §§1530 to 1535, inclusive, a no contest clause is 
enforceable against a beneficiary to the extent the beneficiary elects to contest or otherwise 
challenge the settlor's signature whereby such a challenge does not in any manner constitute 
good, probable, or reasonable cause if the settlor's signature was witnessed by nonrelative 
witnesses or a duly qualified nonrelative notary public or both. 
§ 1534. Attorneys fees and costs. 
The court may award attorneys fees and costs to the prevailing party in an action involving the 
enforceability of a no contest provision. 
§ 1535. Effective date of §§1530 to 1534. 
Sections 1530 to 1534, inclusive, are effective for all trusts in existence on, created, amended, or 
restated after the date of enactment of the act that added this chapter. 
§ 1536. Interest on general pecuniary devises. 
General pecuniary devises bear interest at the rate of interest on judgments as provided in title 5, 
section 426, beginning one year after the event requiring a distribution until payment, unless a 
contrary intent is indicated by the terms of the trust. 
§ 1537. 
Expansion, restriction, elimination, or variance of provisions of general 
application. 
The terms of a governing instrument may expand, restrict, eliminate, or otherwise vary any 
provisions of general application to trusts and trust administration. Nothing in this section allows 
the terms of the governing instrument to expand, restrict, eliminate, or otherwise vary the duties, 
restrictions, and liabilities imposed by the provisions of §1094 and §1095 of this title. 
§ 1538. Arbitration. 
A trustee shall have the power to submit to arbitration a claim in favor of or against a trust or 
trustee. In addition, a provision in a trust requiring the arbitration of a dispute between or among 
the beneficiaries, a fiduciary under the will or trust, or any combination of them, is enforceable 
EFTA00812604
--- PAGE 15 ---
in the same manner as an arbitration clause in a contract. Unless otherwise provided in the 
governing instrument or a court order, the arbitration shall be held in the Virgin Islands. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a challenge to the validity of all or part of the trust is not subject 
to arbitration. Any proceeding pursuant to this section is subject, upon request by the acting 
trustee, the settlor, if living, or any beneficiary, to appropriate privacy protections as determined 
by the arbitrator or a court. 
§ 1539. Trust enforceable although not funded or without res, corpus, or assets. 
A trust is valid and enforceable even though it may not be funded at a given time, or from time to 
time, or does not initially have any res or corpus or otherwise contain any asset of any nature. A 
trust is valid and enforceable even though its res is neither ascertainable nor identifiable at the 
time of the trust's creation. No trustee, trust protector, or trust advisor has any duty prior to the 
time a trust has a res, corpus, or any asset. 
§ 1540. Notice to qualified beneficiaries of existence of trust; information to be provided to 
excluded fiduciaries. 
(a) 
For purposes of this section, the term "qualified beneficiary" means a beneficiary 
that is an entity then in existence or an individual who is twenty-one years of age or older and 
who, on the date the beneficiary's qualification is determined: 
(1) 
Is a distributee or permissible distributee of trust income or principal; 
(2) 
Would be a distributee or permissible distributee of trust income or 
principal if the interests of the distributees terminated on that date; or 
(3) 
Would be a distributee or permissible distributee of trust income or 
principal if the trust terminated on that date. 
However, if the distributee is then unknown because a person holds a power to change the 
distributee, the trustee shall give notice only to the holder of the power. 
(b) 
Except as otherwise provided by the terms of a revocable trust, a trustee has no 
duty to notify the qualified beneficiaries of the trust's existence. 
(c) 
Except as otherwise provided by the terms of an irrevocable trust or otherwise 
directed in writing by the settlor, trust advisor, or trust protector, the trustee shall, within sixty 
days after the trustee has accepted trusteeship of the trust, or within sixty days after the date the 
trustee acquires knowledge that a formerly revocable trust has become irrevocable, notify the 
qualified beneficiaries of the trust's existence and of the right of the beneficiary to request a copy 
of the trust instrument pertaining to the beneficiary's interest in the trust. 
EFTA00812605
--- PAGE 16 ---
(d) 
Except as otherwise provided by the terms of an irrevocable trust or otherwise 
directed in writing by the settlor, trust advisor, or trust protector, a trustee of an irrevocable trust: 
(1) 
Upon request of a qualified beneficiary, shall promptly furnish to the 
qualified beneficiary a copy of the trust instrument; 
(2) 
If notification of the trust has not been accomplished pursuant to this 
section within sixty days after accepting a trusteeship, shall notify the qualified 
beneficiaries of the acceptance and of the trustee's name, address, and telephone number; 
(3) 
Shall promptly respond to a qualified beneficiary's request for information 
related to the administration of the trust, unless the request is unreasonable under the 
circumstances. 
(e) 
The settlor, trust advisor, or trust protector, may, by the terms of the governing 
instrument, or in writing delivered to the trustee, expand, restrict, eliminate, or otherwise modify 
the rights of beneficiaries to information relating to a trust. 
(0 
A beneficiary may waive the right to the notice or information otherwise required 
to be furnished under this section and, with respect to future reports and other information, may 
withdraw a waiver previously given. 
(g) 
The change in the identity of a trustee, occurring as the result of a mere name 
change or a merger, consolidation, combination, or reorganization of a trustee, does not require 
notice. 
(h) 
If a fiduciary is bound by a duty of confidentiality with respect to a trust or its 
assets, a fiduciary may require that any beneficiary who is eligible to receive information 
pursuant to this section be bound by the duty of confidentiality that binds the trustee before 
receiving such information from the trustee. 
(i) 
A trust advisor, trust protector, or other fiduciary designated by the terms of the 
trust shall keep each excluded fiduciary designated by the terms of the trust reasonably informed 
about: 
(1) 
The administration of the trust with respect to any specific duty or function 
being performed by the trust advisor, trust protector, or other fiduciary to the extent that 
the duty or function would normally be performed by the excluded fiduciary or to the 
extent that providing such information to the excluded fiduciary is reasonably necessary 
for the excluded fiduciary to perform its duties; and 
(2) 
Any other material information that the excluded fiduciary would be 
required to disclose to the qualified beneficiaries under this section regardless of whether 
EFTA00812606
--- PAGE 17 ---
the terms of the trust relieve the excluded fiduciary from providing such information to 
qualified beneficiaries. Neither the performance nor the failure to perform of a trust 
advisor, trust protector, or other fiduciary designated by the terms of the trust as provided 
in this subdivision shall affect the limitation on the liability of the excluded fiduciary. 
(j) 
The provisions of this section are effective for trusts created after the date of 
enactment of the act that added this section, except as otherwise directed by the settlor, trust 
protector, trust advisor, or other fiduciary designated by the terms of the trust. For trusts created 
prior to such date, a trustee has no duty at common law or otherwise to notify a qualified 
beneficiary of the trust's existence unless otherwise directed by the settlor. 
§ 1541. Trustee authorized to distribute income or principal from first trust may appoint 
all or part in favor of trustee of second trust; restrictions; power of appointment to 
beneficiary of second trust. 
(a) 
Unless the terms of the governing instrument expressly provide otherwise, if a 
trustee has discretion under the terms of a governing instrument to make a distribution of income 
or principal to or for the benefit of one or more beneficiaries of a trust (the "first trust", as used 
in this section and in §§ 1542-1548 inclusive), whether or not restricted by any standard, then the 
trustee, independently or with court approval, may exercise such discretion by appointing part or 
all of the income or principal subject to the discretion in favor of a trustee of a second trust (the 
"second trust" as used in this section and in §§ 1542-1548, inclusive) under a governing 
instrument separate from the governing instrument of the first trust. Before exercising its 
discretion to appoint and distribute assets to a second trust, the trustee of the first trust shall 
determine whether the appointment is necessary or desirable after taking into account the 
purposes of the first trust, the terms and conditions of the second trust, and the consequences of 
the distribution. For the purposes of this section, a trustee of the first trust is a restricted trustee if 
either the trustee is a beneficiary of the first trust or if a beneficiary of the first trust has a power 
to change the trustees within the meaning of § 1543. In addition, the following apply to all 
appointments made under this section: 
(1) 
The second trust may only have as beneficiaries one or more of the 
beneficiaries of the first trust: 
(i) 
To or for whom a discretionary distribution of income or principal 
may be made from the first trust; or 
(ii) 
To or for whom a distribution of income or principal may be made 
in the future from the first trust at a time or upon the happening of an event 
specified under the first trust; or 
(iii) 
Both (i) and (ii); 
EFTA00812607
--- PAGE 18 ---
(2) 
No restricted trustee of the first trust may exercise such authority over the 
first trust to the extent that doing so could have the effect of: 
(i) 
Benefiting the restricted trustee as a beneficiary of the first trust, 
unless the exercise of such authority is limited by an ascertainable standard based 
on or related to health, education, maintenance, or support; or 
(ii) 
Removing restrictions on discretionary distributions to a 
beneficiary imposed by the governing instrument under which the first trust was 
created, except that a provision in the second trust which limits distributions by an 
ascertainable standard based on or related to the health, education, maintenance, 
or support of any such beneficiary is permitted, or to a trust established pursuant 
to 42 U.S.C. § 1396(p)(d)(4); 
(3) 
No restricted trustee of the first trust may exercise such authority over the 
first trust to the extent that doing so would have the effect of increasing the distributions 
that can be made from the second trust to the restricted trustees of the first trust or to a 
beneficiary who may change the trustees of the first trust within the meaning of § 1541 
compared to the distributions that can be made to such trustee or beneficiary, as the case 
may be, under the first trust, unless the exercise of such authority is limited by an 
ascertainable standard based on or related to health, education, maintenance, or support; 
(4) 
The provisions of paragraphs (2) and (3) only apply to restrict the 
authority of a trustee if either a trustee, or a beneficiary who may change the trustee, is a 
United States citizen or domiciliary under the Internal Revenue Code, or the trust owns 
property that would be subject to United States estate or gift taxes if owned directly by 
such a person; 
(5) 
In the case of any trust contributions which have been treated as gifts 
qualifying for the exclusion from gift tax described in § 2503(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, by reason of the application of Internal Revenue Code § 2503(c), the 
governing instrument for the second trust shall provide that the beneficiary's remainder 
interest shall vest no later than the date upon which such interest would have vested 
under the terms of the governing instrument for the first trust; 
(6) 
The exercise of such authority may not reduce any income interest of any 
income beneficiary of any of the following trusts: 
(i) 
A trust for which a marital deduction has been taken for federal tax 
purposes under Internal Revenue Code § 2056 or § 2523 or for state tax purposes 
under any comparable provision of applicable state law; 
(ii) 
A charitable remainder trust under Internal Revenue Code § 664; 
or 
EFTA00812608
--- PAGE 19 ---
(iii) 
A grantor retained annuity or unitrust trust under Internal Revenue 
Code § 2702; 
(7) 
The exercise of such authority does not apply to trust property subject to a 
presently exercisable power of withdrawal held by a trust beneficiary to whom, or for the 
benefit of whom, the trustee has authority to make distributions, unless after the exercise 
of such authority, the beneficiary's power of withdrawal is unchanged with respect to the 
trust property; 
(8) 
The exercise of such authority is not prohibited by a spendthrift clause or 
by a provision in the governing instrument that prohibits amendment or revocation of the 
trust; 
(9) 
Any appointment made by a trustee shall be considered a distribution by 
the trustee pursuant to the trustee's distribution powers and authority; and 
(10) 
If the trustee's distribution discretion is not subject to a standard, or if the 
trustee's distribution discretion is subject to a standard that does not create a support 
interest, then the court may review the trustee's determination or any related appointment 
only pursuant to § 1527. Any other court review of the trustee's determination or any 
related appointment may be made only pursuant to § 1526. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section, the governing 
instrument of the second trust may grant a power of appointment to one or more of the 
beneficiaries of the second trust who are beneficiaries of the first trust. The power of 
appointment may include the power to appoint trust property to the holder of the power of 
appointment, the holder's creditors, the holder's estate, the creditors of the holder's estate, or any 
other person, whether or not that person is a trust beneficiary. 
(c) 
This section applies to any trust administered under the laws of the Virgin Islands, 
including a trust whose governing jurisdiction is transferred to the Virgin Islands. 
§ 1542. Action that ma not he taken by restricted trustee may be taken by another 
unrestricted trustee. 
Any action that may not be taken by a trustee of the first trust by reason of the restrictions in 
section 1541(a)(2) may instead be taken by any other trustee of the first trust who is not so 
restricted, or, if none, by the next available party who can be a successor trustee and who is not 
EFTA00812609
--- PAGE 20 ---
so restricted. The second trust may be a trust created or administered under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, within or without the United States. 
§ 1543. Conditions under which beneficiary has power to change trustees. 
For the purposes of § 1541, a beneficiary shall be considered to have the power to "change the 
trustees" if he or she can, alone or with others, name himself or herself as a trustee or can remove 
a trustee and replace that trustee with a new trustee who is the beneficiary or who is related or 
subordinate (as defined in § 672 of the Internal Revenue Code) to the beneficiary. 
§ 1544. Exercise of power to distribute income or principal by written instrument; 
notice to beneficiaries of first trust. 
The exercise of the power to distribute the income or principal of the trust under § 1541 shall be 
by an instrument in writing, signed and acknowledged by the trustee and filed with the records of 
the trust. The trustee of the first trust may notify all beneficiaries of the first trust, in writing, at 
least twenty days prior to the effective date of the trustee's exercise of the power under § 1541. A 
copy of the proposed exercise of this authority and the second trust agreement shall satisfy this 
notice provision. For the purposes of this section, the term "beneficiaries" means those persons 
who would be entitled to notice and a copy of the first trust instrument under § 1540. 
§ 1545. Exercise of power to distribute income or principal considered exercise of 
power of appointment. 
The exercise of the power to distribute the income or principal of the trust under § 1541 shall be 
considered the exercise of a power of appointment (other than a power to appoint to the trustee, 
the trustee's creditors, the trustee's estate, or the creditors of the trustee's estate). 
§ 1546. Impermissible use of power. 
The power under § 1541 may not be exercised to suspend the power to alienate trust property or 
extend the first trust beyond the permissible period of any rule against perpetuities applicable to 
the first trust. 
§ 1547. Trustee's right to distribute income or principal in trust arising under law 
or terms of first trust not abridged. 
No provision of §§ 1541 to 1546, inclusive, may be construed to abridge the right of any 
trustee who has power to distribute income or principal in further trust which arises under statute, 
common law, or the terms of the first trust. 
EFTA00812610
--- PAGE 21 ---
Subchapter II. Directed Trusts 
§ 1551. Definition of terms. 
As used in this subchapter: 
(1) 
"Instrument" means any revocable or irrevocable trust document created inter 
vivos or testamentary or any custodial account agreement; 
(2) 
"Trust protector" means any person whose appointment as protector is provided 
for in the instrument. Such person may not be considered to be acting in a fiduciary capacity 
except to the extent the governing instrument provides otherwise. However, a protector shall be 
considered acting in a fiduciary capacity to the extent that the person exercises the authority of 
an investment trust advisor or a distribution trust advisor; 
(3) 
"Trust advisor" means either an investment trust advisor or a distribution trust 
advisor; 
(4) 
"Fiduciary" means a trustee or custodian under any instrument, an executor, 
administrator, or personal representative of a decedent's estate, or any other party, including a 
trust advisor, a trust protector, or a trust committee, who is acting in a fiduciary capacity for any 
person, trust, or estate; 
(5) 
"Excluded fiduciary" means any fiduciary excluded from exercising certain 
powers under the instrument which powers may be exercised by the settlor, custodial account 
owner, trust advisor, trust protector, trust committee, or other persons designated in the 
instrument; 
(6) 
"Investment trust advisor" means a fiduciary, given authority by the instrument to 
exercise all or any portions of the powers and discretions set forth in § 1561; 
(7) 
"Distribution trust advisor" means a fiduciary, given authority by the instrument 
to exercise all or any portions of the powers and discretions set forth in § 1562; 
(8) 
"Custodial account" means an account, established by a party with a bank as 
defined in 26 U.S.C. 408(n), as of January 1, 2006, or with another person approved by the 
Internal Revenue Service as satisfying the requirements to be a nonbank trustee or a nonbank 
passive trustee set forth in U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated under 26 U.S.C. 408, that is 
governed by an instrument concerning the establishment or maintenance, or both, of an 
EFTA00812611
--- PAGE 22 ---
individual retirement account, qualified retirement plan, Archer medical savings account, health 
savings account, Coverdell education savings account, or any similar retirement or savings 
vehicle permitted under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as of January 1, 2006; 
(9) 
"Custodial account owner" means any party who establishes a custodial account; 
or has the power to designate the beneficiaries or appoint the custodian of the custodial account; 
or otherwise is the party who possesses the power to direct the investment, disposition, or 
retention of any assets in the custodial account or name an authorized designee to effect the 
same; 
(10) 
"Family advisor" means any person whose appointment is provided for in the 
governing instrument or by court order who is authorized to consult with or advise a fiduciary 
with regard to fiduciary or nonfiduciary matters and actions, and who may also be authorized by 
the governing instrument or court order to otherwise act in a nonfiduciary capacity. 
§ 1552. Governing instrument may provide trust advisor or trust protector with powers 
and immunities of trustee. Any governing instrument providing for a trust advisor or trust 
protector may also provide such trust advisor or trust protector with some, none, or all of the 
rights, powers, privileges, benefits, immunities, or authorities available to a trustee under Virgin 
Islands law or under the governing instrument. Unless the governing instrument provides 
otherwise, a trust advisor or trust protector has no greater liability to any person than would a 
trustee holding or benefiting from the rights, powers, privileges, benefits, immunities, or 
authority provided or allowed by the governing instrument to such trust advisor or trust 
protector. 
§ 1553. Liability limits of excluded fiduciary. 
(a) An excluded fiduciary is not liable, either individually or as a fiduciary, for any of the 
following: 
(1) 
Any loss that results from compliance with a direction of the trust advisor, 
custodial account owner, or authorized designee of a custodial account owner, including 
any loss from the trust advisor breaching fiduciary responsibilities or acting beyond the 
trust advisor's scope of authority; 
(2) 
Any loss that results from a failure to take any action proposed by an 
excluded fiduciary that requires a prior authorization of the trust advisor if that excluded 
fiduciary timely sought but failed to obtain that authorization; 
EFTA00812612
--- PAGE 23 ---
(3) 
Any loss that results from any action or inaction, except for gross 
negligence or willful misconduct, when an excluded fiduciary is required, pursuant to the 
trust agreement or any other reason, to assume the role of trust advisor, trust protector, 
investment trust advisor, or distribution trust advisor. 
(b) Any excluded fiduciary is also relieved from any obligation to review or evaluate any 
direction from a distribution trust advisor or to perform investment or suitability reviews, 
inquiries, or investigations or to make recommendations or evaluations with respect to any 
investments to the extent the trust advisor, custodial account owner, or authorized designee of a 
custodial account owner had authority to direct the acquisition, disposition, or retention of any 
such investment. If the excluded fiduciary offers such communication to the trust advisor, trust 
protector, investment trust advisor, or distribution trust advisor or any investment person selected 
by the investment trust advisor, such action may not be deemed to constitute an undertaking by 
the excluded fiduciary to monitor or otherwise participate in actions within the scope of the 
advisor's authority or to constitute any duty to do so. 
(c) Any excluded fiduciary is also relieved of any duty to communicate with or warn or 
apprise any beneficiary or third party concerning instances in which the excluded fiduciary 
would or might have exercised the excluded fiduciary's own discretion in a manner different 
from the manner directed by the trust advisor, trust protector, investment trust advisor, or 
distribution trust advisor. 
(d) Absent contrary provisions in the governing instrument, the actions of the excluded 
fiduciary (such as any communications with the trust advisor and others and carrying out, 
recording, and reporting actions taken at the trust advisor's direction) pertaining to matters within 
the scope of authority of the trust advisor, trust protector, investment trust advisor, or distribution 
trust advisor shall be deemed to be administrative actions taken by the excluded fiduciary solely 
to allow the excluded fiduciary to perform those duties assigned to the excluded fiduciary under 
the governing instrument, and such administrative actions may not be deemed to constitute an 
undertaking by the excluded fiduciary to monitor, participate, or otherwise take any fiduciary 
responsibility for actions within the scope of authority of the trust advisor, trust protector, 
investment trust advisor, or distribution trust advisor. 
(e) Nothing in paragraph (2) of subsection (a) imposes an obligation or liability with 
respect to a custodian of a custodial account. 
(f) In an action against an excluded fiduciary pursuant to the provisions of this section, 
the burden to prove the matter by clear and convincing evidence is on the person seeking to hold 
the excluded fiduciary liable. 
EFTA00812613
--- PAGE 24 ---
§ 1554. Death of settlor. 
An excluded fiduciary may continue to follow the direction of the trust advisor upon the 
incapacity or death of the settlor if the instrument so allows. 
§ 1555. When trust advisor considered as fiduciary. 
If one or more trust advisors are given authority by the terms of a governing instrument to direct, 
consent to, or disapprove a fiduciary's investment decisions, or proposed investment decisions, 
such trust advisors shall be considered to be fiduciaries when exercising such authority unless the 
governing instrument provides otherwise. 
§ 1556. Excluded fiduciary's liability for loss if trust protector appointed. 
If an instrument appoints a trust protector, the excluded fiduciary is not liable for any loss 
resulting from any action taken upon such trust protector's direction. 
§ 1557. Powers and discretions of trust protector. 
The powers and discretions of a trust protector are as provided in the governing instrument and 
may be exercised or not exercised, in the best interests of the trust, in the sole and absolute 
discretion of the trust protector and are binding on all other persons. The powers and discretion 
may include the following: 
(1) 
Modify or amend the trust instrument to achieve favorable tax status or respond to 
changes in the Internal Revenue Code, state law, the rulings and regulations thereunder, or the 
law of any relevant jurisdiction; 
(2) 
Increase or decrease the interests of any beneficiaries to the trust; 
(3) 
Modify the terms of any power of appointment granted by the trust. However, a 
modification or amendment may not grant a beneficial interest to any individual or class of 
individuals not specifically provided for under the trust instrument; 
(4) 
Remove and appoint a trustee, a fiduciary provided for in the governing trust 
instrument, trust advisor, investment committee member, or distribution committee member; 
(5) 
Terminate the trust; 
(6) 
Veto or direct trust distributions; 
(7) 
Change situs or governing law of the trust, or both; 
(8) 
Appoint a successor trust protector; 
(9) 
Interpret terms of the trust instrument at the request of the trustee; 
(10) 
Advise the trustee on matters concerning a beneficiary; 
(11) 
Amend or modify the trust instrument to take advantage of laws governing 
restraints on alienation, distribution of trust property, or the administration of the trust; 
EFTA00812614
--- PAGE 25 ---
(12) 
Provide direction regarding notification of qualified beneficiaries pursuant to 
§ 1540; 
(13) 
Add to the trust an individual beneficiary or beneficiaries from a class of 
individuals identified in the governing instrument; 
(14) 
Add to the trust a charitable beneficiary or beneficiaries from a class of charities 
identified in the trust instrument; and 
(15) 
Provide other powers and discretions in the governing instrument. 
§ 1558. Submission to court jurisdiction; effect on trust advisor or trust protector. 
By accepting an appointment to serve as a trust advisor or trust protector of a trust that is subject 
to the laws of the Virgin Islands, the trust advisor or the trust protector submits to the jurisdiction 
of the courts of the Virgin Islands even if investment advisory agreements or other related 
agreements provide otherwise, and the trust advisor or trust protector may be made a party to any 
action or proceeding if issues relate to a decision or action of the trust advisor or trust protector. 
§ 1559. Powers of trust protector incorporated by reference in will or trust instrument. 
Any of the powers enumerated in § 1557, as they exist at the time of the signing of a will by a 
testator or at the time of the signing of a trust instrument by a settlor, may be, by appropriate 
reference made thereto, incorporated in whole or in part in such will or trust instrument, by a 
clearly expressed intention of a testator of a will or settlor of a trust instrument. 
§ 1560. Investment trust advisor or distribution trust advisor provided for in trust 
instrument. 
A trust instrument governed by the laws of the Virgin Islands may provide for a person to act as 
an investment trust advisor or a distribution trust advisor, respectively, with regard to investment 
decisions or discretionary distributions. 
§ 1561. Powers and discretions of investment trust advisor. 
The powers and discretions of an investment trust advisor shall be provided in the trust 
instrument and may be exercised or not exercised, in the best interests of the trust, in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the investment trust advisor and are binding on any other person and any 
other interested party, fiduciary, and excluded fiduciary. Unless the terms of the governing 
instrument provide otherwise, the investment trust advisor has the power to perform the 
following: 
Direct the trustee with respect to the retention, purchase, sale, exchange, tender, 
or other transaction affecting the ownership thereof or rights therein of trust investments. These 
EFTA00812615
--- PAGE 26 ---
powers include the pledge or encumbrance of trust property, lending of trust assets, either 
secured or unsecured, at terms defined by the investment trust advisor to any party including 
beneficiaries of the trust and the investment and reinvestment of principal and income of the 
trust; 
(2) 
Vote proxies for securities held in trust; 
(3) 
Select one or more investment advisers, managers, or counselors, including the 
trustee, and delegate to them any of its powers; 
(4) 
Direct the trustee with respect to any additional powers and discretions over 
investment and management of trust assets provided in the governing instrument; 
(5) 
Direct the trustee as to the value of nonpublicly traded trust investments; and 
(6) 
Direct the trustee as to any investment or management power existing under the 
law of the Virgin Islands. 
§ 1562. Powers and discretions of distribution trust advisor. 
The powers and discretions of a distribution trust advisor over any discretionary distributions of 
income or principal, including distributions pursuant to an ascertainable standard or other criteria 
and appointments, shall be provided in the trust instrument and may be exercised or not 
exercised, in the best interests of the trust, in the sole and absolute discretion of the distribution 
trust advisor and are binding on any other person and any other interested party, fiduciary, and 
excluded fiduciary. Unless the terms of the document provide otherwise, the distribution trust 
advisor shall direct the trustee with regard to all discretionary distributions to beneficiaries. The 
distribution trust advisor may also provide direction regarding notification of qualified 
beneficiaries pursuant to § 1540. 
§ 1563. Powers and discretions of family advisor. 
(a) 
The powers and discretions of a family advisor are as provided in the governing 
instrument or by court order and may be exercised or not exercised, in the best interests of the 
trust, in the sole and absolute discretion of the family advisor. The powers and discretions may 
only include the following: 
(1) 
Remove and appoint a trustee, a fiduciary provided for in the governing trust 
instrument, trust advisor, investment committee member, or distribution committee member; 
(2) 
Appoint a successor trust protector or a successor family advisor; 
(3) 
Advise the trustee on matters concerning any beneficiary; receive trust 
accountings, investment reports, and other information from the trustee or to which a beneficiary 
is entitled; attend meetings whether in person or by any other means with the trustee, investment 
trust advisors, distribution trust advisors, or other advisors whether in person or by any means, 
electronic or otherwise; and to consult with a fiduciary regarding both fiduciary and nonfiduciary 
matters or actions, all without any power or discretion to take any action as a fiduciary; or 
EFTA00812616
--- PAGE 27 ---
(4) 
Provide direction regarding notification of qualified beneficiaries pursuant to 
§ 1540. 
(b) 
A family advisor is not required to exercise any powers or discretions under any 
circumstances. Every action or inaction by a family advisor is a nonfiduciary action or inaction 
and a family advisor is absolutely excluded from liability to any other person for an action or 
inaction as a family advisor. A court may review a family advisor's exercise of the powers 
described in subdivisions (1), (2), and (4) only if the family advisor acts dishonestly or with an 
improper motive but may not review a family advisor's failure to exercise any powers. A 
reasonableness standard may not be applied to any action or inaction of a family advisor. Other 
than for the two circumstances listed above, a court has no jurisdiction to review a family 
advisor's action or inaction. 
(c) 
A family advisor is entitled to compensation as provided in the governing 
instrument. 
If the governing instrument does not provide for or establish compensation, a 
family advisor is entitled to reasonable compensation for the exercise of the powers and 
discretions granted to the family advisor pursuant to this chapter. 
Subchapter III. Qualified Dispositions in Trust 
§ 1571. Definitions. 
As used in this subchapter: 
(1) 
"Claim" means a right to payment, whether or not the right is reduced to 
judgment liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, 
legal, equitable, secured, or unsecured; 
(2) 
"Creditor," with respect to a transferor, means a person who has a claim; 
(4) 
"Debt" means liability on a claim; 
(5) 
"Disposition" means a transfer, conveyance, or assignment of property, including a 
change in the legal ownership of property occurring upon the substitution of one trustee for 
another or the addition of one or more new trustees, or the exercise of a power so as to cause a 
transfer of property to a trustee or trustees. The term does not include the release or 
relinquishment of an interest in property that theretofore was the subject of a qualified 
disposition; 
EFTA00812617
--- PAGE 28 ---
(6) 
"Person" an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, 
an association, a joint stock company, a business trust, a trust, an unincorporated organization, or 
two or more persons having a joint or common interest. 
(7) 
"Property" means real property, personal property, and interests in real or 
personal property; 
(8) 
"Qualified disposition" means a disposition by or from a transferor to a qualified 
person or qualified persons, with or without consideration, by means of a trust instrument; 
(9) 
"Spouse" and "former spouse" mean only persons to whom the transferor was 
married at, or before, the time the qualified disposition is made; 
(10) 
"Transferor" means any person as an owner of property; as a holder of a power of 
appointment which authorizes the holder to appoint in favor of the holder, the holder's creditors, 
the holder's estate, or the creditors of the holder's estate; or as a trustee, directly or indirectly, 
makes a disposition or causes a disposition to be made. 
The terms, transferor and beneficiary, may be any "person" as defined herein. 
§ 1572. Trust instrument defined. 
For the purposes of this chapter, a trust instrument is an instrument appointing a qualified person 
or qualified persons for the property that is the subject of a disposition, which instrument: 
(1) 
Expressly incorporates the law of the Virgin Islands to govern the validity, 
construction, and administration of the trust; 
(2) 
Is irrevocable, but a trust instrument may not be deemed revocable on account of 
its inclusion of one or more of the following: 
(i) 
A transferor's power to veto a distribution from the trust; 
(ii) 
An inter vivos power of appointment, other than an inter vivos power to 
appoint to the transferor, the transferor's creditors, the transferor's estate, or the creditors 
of the transferor's estate; 
(iii) 
A testamentary power of appointment; 
(iv) 
The transferor's potential or actual receipt of income, including rights to 
such income retained in the trust instrument; 
(v) 
The transferor's potential or actual receipt of income or principal from a 
charitable remainder unitrust or charitable remainder annuity trust as such terms are 
defined in § 664 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
EFTA00812618
--- PAGE 29 ---
(vi) 
The transferor's receipt each year of a percentage of the value as 
determined from time to time pursuant to the trust instrument, but not exceeding the 
amount that may be defined as income under § 643(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended; 
(vii) 
The transferor's potential or actual receipt or use of principal if the 
potential or actual receipt or use of principal would be the result of a qualified person, 
including a qualified person acting at the direction of a trust advisor described in this 
section, acting either in the qualified person's sole discretion or pursuant to an 
ascertainable standard contained in the trust instrument; 
(viii) The transferor's right to remove a trustee, protector, or trust advisor and to 
appoint a new trustee, protector, or trust advisor, other than a trustee who is a related or 
subordinate party with respect to the transferor within the meaning of § 672(c) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
(ix) 
The transferor's potential or actual use of real property held under a 
qualified personal residence trust within the meaning of such term as described in the 
regulations promulgated under § 2702(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended; 
(x) 
A pour back provision that pours back to the transferor's will or revocable 
trust all or part of the trust assets; 
(xi) 
The transferor's potential or actual receipt of income or principal to pay, in 
whole or in part, income taxes due on income of the trust if the potential or actual receipt 
of income or principal is pursuant to a provision in the trust instrument that expressly 
provides for the payment of the taxes and if the potential or actual receipt of income or 
principal would be the result of a qualified person's acting in the qualified person's 
discretion or pursuant to a mandatory direction in the trust instrument or acting at the 
direction of an advisor described in § 1574; or 
(xii) 
The ability, whether pursuant to discretion, direction, or the settlor's 
exercise of a testamentary power of appointment, of a qualified person to pay, after the 
death of the transferor, all or any part of the debts of the transferor outstanding at the time 
of the transferor's death, the expenses of administering the transferor's estate, or any 
estate or inheritance tax imposed on or with respect to the transferor's estate; and 
(3) 
Provides that the interest of the transferor or other beneficiary in the trust property 
or the income from the trust property may not be transferred, assigned, pledged, or mortgaged, 
whether voluntarily or involuntarily, before the qualified person actually distributes the property 
or income from the property to the beneficiary, and such provision of the trust instrument shall 
be deemed to be a restriction on the transfer of the transferor's beneficial interest in the trust that 
is enforceable under applicable nonbankruptcy law within the meaning of § 541(c)(2) of the 
Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. § 541(c)(2), as amended. 
EFTA00812619
--- PAGE 30 ---
A disposition by a trustee that is not a qualified person to a trustee that is a qualified person may 
not be treated as other than a qualified disposition solely because the trust instrument fails to 
meet the requirements of paragraph (1) of this section. 
§ 1573. Qualified person defined. 
For the purposes of this chapter the term "qualified person" means: 
An individual who, except for brief intervals, military service, attendance at an 
educational or training institution, or for absences for good cause shown, resides in the Virgin 
Islands, whose true and permanent home is in the Virgin Islands, who does not have a present 
intention of moving from the Virgin Islands, and who has the intention of returning to the Virgin 
Islands when away; 
(2) 
A person (as defined in § 1571) which is not an individual, is organized under the 
laws of the Virgin Islands, and is licensed under the laws of the Virgin Islands as a provider of 
fiduciary services; or 
(3) 
A bank or foreign bank that is organized or authorized to do business in the 
Virgin Islands under Title 9, and which possesses and exercises trust powers, and the deposits of 
which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
§ 1574. Persons and entities not to be considered qualified person; appointment, removal, 
or replacement of co-trustee, trust advisor, or trust protector. 
Neither the transferor nor any other natural person who is a nonresident of the Virgin Islands nor 
an entity that is not licensed under the laws of the Virgin Islands as a provider of fiduciary 
services or is not a bank or foreign bank organized or authorized to do business in the Virgin 
Islands may be considered a qualified person. However, nothing in this chapter precludes a 
transferor from appointing, removing, or replacing one or more co-trustees, trust advisors, or 
trust protectors, regardless of whether or not such trust advisor or trust protector is a fiduciary. 
§ 1575. Service as investment trust advisor. 
Any individual may serve as an investment trust advisor described in § 1561 of this chapter, 
notwithstanding that such individual is the transferor of the qualified disposition, but such an 
individual may not otherwise serve as a fiduciary of a trust that is a qualified disposition except 
with respect to the retention of the veto right permitted by § 1572(2). While serving as an advisor 
of the trust, the individual may have all powers authorized by statute or by the trust instrument, 
including the power to vote by proxy any stock owned by the trust. 
EFTA00812620
--- PAGE 31 ---
§ 1576. Successor qualified person. 
If a qualified person of a trust ceases to meet the requirements of § 1573, and there remains no 
trustee that meets such requirements, such qualified person shall be deemed to have resigned as 
of the time of such cessation, and thereupon the successor qualified person provided for in the 
trust instrument shall become a qualified person of the trust, or in the absence of any successor 
qualified person provided for in the trust instrument, the Superior Court shall, upon application 
of any interested party, appoint a successor qualified person. 
§ 1577. Disposition to more than one trustee; qualified disposition even if all trustees are 
not for qualified persons. 
In the case of a disposition to more than one trustee, a disposition that is otherwise a qualified 
disposition may not be treated as other than a qualified disposition solely because not all of the 
trustees are qualified persons. 
§ 1578. Powers and rights of transferor; effect on qualified disposition. 
A qualified disposition is subject to §§ 1579 to 1584, inclusive, notwithstanding a transferor's 
retention of any or all of the powers and rights described in § 1572(2) and the transferor's service 
as trust advisor pursuant to § 1575. The transferor has only such powers and rights as are 
conferred by the trust instrument. Except as permitted by §§ 1572 and 1575, a transferor has no 
rights or authority with respect to the property that is the subject of a qualified disposition or the 
income therefrom, and any agreement or understanding purporting to grant or permit the 
retention of any greater rights or authority is void. 
§ 1579. Creditors' actions limited to transfers with intent to defraud. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including Title 28, chapter 9, no action of any kind, 
including an action to enforce a judgment entered by a court or other body having adjudicative 
authority, may be brought at law or in equity for an attachment or other provisional remedy 
against property that is the subject of a qualified disposition or for avoidance of a qualified 
disposition unless the settlor's transfer of property was made with the intent to defraud that 
specific creditor. In the event of any conflict between any provision of this chapter and any 
provision of Title 28, chapter 9 or any other provision of law similar to any provision of Title 28, 
chapter 9, the provisions of this chapter control and prevail. 
EFTA00812621
--- PAGE 32 ---
§ 1580. Requirements for bringing claim for fraudulent transfer of settlor's assets. 
A cause of action or claim for relief with respect to a fraudulent transfer of a settlor's assets under 
§ 1579 is extinguished unless the action under § 1579 is brought by a creditor of the settlor who 
meets one of the following requirements: 
(1) 
Is a creditor of the settlor before the settlor's assets are transferred to the trust, and 
the action under § 1579 is brought within the later of: 
(i) 
Two years after the transfer is made; or 
(ii) 
Six months after the transfer is or reasonably could have been discovered 
by the creditor if the creditor: 
(A) 
Can demonstrate that the creditor asserted a specific claim against 
the settlor before the transfer; or 
(B) 
Files another action, other than an action under § 1579 against the 
settlor that asserts a claim based on an act or omission of the settlor that occurred 
before the transfer, and the action described in this clause is filed within two years 
after the transfer; 
(2) 
Becomes a creditor subsequent to the transfer into trust, and the action under 
§ 1579 is brought within two years after the transfer is made; 
(3) 
In any action described in § 1579, the burden to prove the matter by clear and 
convincing evidence is upon the creditor; 
(4) 
A person is deemed to have discovered a transfer at the time a public record of the 
transfer is made, including the conveyance of an interest in real property that is recorded in the 
appropriate public filing office where the property is located, the filing of a financing statement 
pursuant to Title 11A, article 9, or the filing of a bill of sale or other transfer instrument 
regarding personal property pursuant to the law of the relevant jurisdiction; or 
(5) 
The filing of a bill of sale or other transfer instrument which conveys personal 
property to a trust which is governed by this chapter shall be filed with the Recorder of Deeds in 
the applicable Division determined as follows: 
(i) 
If the transferor is a natural person and is a resident of the Virgin Islands, 
the personal property transfer instrument shall be recorded in the judicial division where 
the transferor maintains the transferor's principal residence; and 
(ii) 
In all other cases, the personal property transfer instrument shall be 
recorded in the judicial division where the trustee of the trust maintains a principal 
residence or principal place of business. 
EFTA00812622
--- PAGE 33 ---
§ 1581. Disposition by transferor who is a trustee; time of disposition. 
(a) 
A qualified disposition that is made by means of a disposition by a transferor who 
is a trustee is deemed to have been made as of the time, whether before on, or after the effective 
date of the act which added this subchapter, the property that is the subject of the qualified 
disposition was originally transferred to the transferor, or any predecessor trustee, making the 
qualified disposition in a form that meets the requirements of subsection (2) and (3) of § 1572. 
Further, the provisions of this section apply to determine the date the transfer is deemed to have 
been made, notwithstanding that the original transfer was to a trust originally within or outside of 
the jurisdiction of the Virgin Islands. 
(b) 
If property transferred to a spendthrift trust is conveyed to the settlor or to a 
beneficiary for the purpose of obtaining a loan secured by a mortgage or deed of trust on the 
property and then reconveyed to the trust within one hundred eighty days of recording the 
mortgage or deed of trust, for purposes of paragraph (1) of § 1580 the transfer is disregarded and 
the reconveyance relates back to the date the property was originally transferred to the trust. The 
mortgage or deed of trust on the property is enforceable against the trust. 
§ 1582. Creditor or other person; rights with respect to a qualified disposition; action 
against trustee, advisor, or trust preparer prohibited. 
Notwithstanding any law to the contrary, a creditor, including a creditor whose claim arose 
before or after a qualified disposition, or any other person has only such rights with respect to a 
qualified disposition as are provided in §§ 1579 to 1586, inclusive, and no such creditor nor any 
other person has any claim or cause of action against the trustee, or advisor, described in § 1575, 
of a trust that is the subject of a qualified disposition, or against any person involved in the 
counseling, drafting, preparation, execution, or funding of a trust that is the subject of a qualified 
disposition. In addition to the provisions of § 1527, at no time is a qualified person, as defined in 
§ 1573, personally liable to a creditor of a transferor or any other person for distributions made 
by the qualified person, before the creditor or person notified the qualified person, in writing, 
that a claim or cause of action existed. This applies regardless of whether the distributions are 
made to or for the benefit of the transferor or a beneficiary during the period in which a creditor 
or other person could make a claim as provided in § 1580. 
§ 1583. Action against trustee, advisor, or preparer of trust prohibited if action by creditor 
would be barred; jurisdiction; attorneys' fees and costs. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no action of any kind, including an action to enforce 
a judgment entered by a court or other body having adjudicative authority, may be brought at law 
or in equity against the trustee, or advisor described in § 1575, of a trust that is the subject of a 
EFTA00812623
--- PAGE 34 ---
qualified disposition, or against any person involved in the counseling, drafting, preparation, 
execution, or funding of a trust that is the subject of a qualified disposition, if, as of the date such 
action is brought, an action by a creditor with respect to such qualified disposition would be 
barred under §§ 1579 to 1582, inclusive. The Superior Court has exclusive jurisdiction over an 
action brought under a claim for relief that is based on a transfer of property to a trust that is the 
subject of this section. The Superior Court may award attorneys' fees and costs to the prevailing 
party in such an action. In any action described in this section, the burden to prove the matter by 
clear and convincing evidence is upon the creditor. 
§ 1584. Multiple qualified dispositions in same trust instrument. 
If more than one qualified disposition is made by means of the same trust instrument: 
(1) 
The making of a subsequent qualified disposition shall be disregarded in 
determining whether a creditor's claim with respect to a prior qualified disposition is 
extinguished as provided in § 1580; and 
(2) 
Any distribution to a beneficiary is deemed to have been made from the latest 
such qualified disposition. 
§ 1585. Application of chapter. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of §§ 1579 to 1584, inclusive, but subject to 
subsection (b) of this section, this subchapter does not apply in any respect to any person to 
whom at the time of transfer the transferor is indebted on account of an agreement or order of 
court for the payment of support or alimony in favor of the transferor's spouse, former spouse, or 
children, or for a division or distribution of property in favor of the transferor's spouse or former 
spouse, to the extent of the debt. 
(b) 
If the transferor is married at the time of the transfer, the provisions of §§ 1579 to 
1584, inclusive, and this chapter apply to: 
(1) 
Any of the transferor's separate property transferred to the trust; and 
(2) 
Any marital property transferred to the trust if the spouse or former spouse 
was provided with notice in the form set forth in subsection (c) of this section, or 
executed a written consent to the transfer after being provided the information set forth in 
the notice. 
EFTA00812624
--- PAGE 35 ---
(c) 
For purposes of the application of this section, a notice of transfer of property to a 
trust subject to this chapter: 
(1) 
Shall also contain the following language, in capital letters in a font of at 
least 14 points, at or near the top of the notice: 
YOUR SPOUSE IS CREATING A PERMANENT TRUST INTO WHICH PROPERTY 
IS BEING TRANSFERRED. 
YOUR RIGHTS TO THIS PROPERTY MAY BE 
AFFECTED DURING YOUR MARRIAGE, UPON DIVORCE (INCLUDING THE 
PAYMENT OF CHILD SUPPORT OR ALIMONY OR A DIVISION OR 
DISTRIBUTION OF PROPERTY IN A DIVORCE), OR AT THE DEATH OF YOUR 
SPOUSE. YOU HAVE A VERY LIMITED PERIOD OF TIME TO OBJECT TO THE 
TRANSFER OF PROPERTY INTO THIS TRUST. YOU MAY, UPON REQUEST TO 
THE TRUSTEE AT THE ADDRESS BELOW, BE FURNISHED A COPY OF THE 
TRUST DOCUMENT. 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, YOU SHOULD 
IMMEDIATELY SEEK INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE. IF YOU FAIL TO 
OBJECT WITHIN THE REQUIRED TIME PERIOD, YOU WILL HAVE 
CONSENTED TO THE TRANSFER OF PROPERTY INTO THIS TRUST. 
(2) 
Shall contain a description of the property being transferred to the trust 
and the name of the trust; 
(3) 
May require that any person who is eligible to receive information 
pursuant to this section be bound by the duty of confidentiality that binds the trustee 
before receiving such information from the trustee; and 
(4) 
Shall be provided by the transferor, the transferor's agent, the trustee, or 
other fiduciary of the trust. 
(d) 
If a notice is provided under this section before the property is transferred, the 
period to commence an action under § 1580 shall commence running on the date of the transfer. 
If a notice is provided after the date the property is transferred, the period to commence an action 
pursuant to § 1580 commences running on the date the notice is provided. In no event may the 
period to commence an action to challenge a transfer under this section and § 1580 exceed the 
period set forth in Title 28, section 179. 
(e) 
The exception contained in subdivision (a) of this section does not apply to any 
claim for forced heirship or legitime. 
EFTA00812625
--- PAGE 36 ---
§ 1586. Avoidance of qualified disposition. 
A qualified disposition is avoided only to the extent necessary to satisfy the transferor's debt to 
the creditor at whose instance the disposition had been avoided, together with such costs, 
including attorney's fees, as the court may allow. If any qualified disposition is avoided as 
provided in this section, then: 
(1) 
If the court is satisfied that a qualified person has not acted in bad faith in 
accepting or administering the property that is the subject of the qualified disposition: 
(i) 
Such qualified person has a first and paramount lien against the property 
that is the subject of the qualified disposition in an amount equal to the entire cost, 
including attorney's fees, properly incurred by such qualified person in the defense of the 
action or proceedings to avoid the qualified disposition. It is presumed that such qualified 
person did not act in bad faith merely by accepting such property; and 
(ii) 
The qualified disposition is avoided subject to the proper fees, costs, 
preexisting rights, claims, and interests of such qualified person, and of any predecessor 
qualified person that has not acted in bad faith; and 
(2) 
If the court is satisfied that a beneficiary of a trust has not acted in bad faith, the 
avoidance of the qualified disposition is subject to the right of such beneficiary to retain any 
distribution made upon the exercise of a trust power or discretion vested in the qualified person 
or qualified persons of such trust, which power or discretion was properly exercised prior to the 
creditor's commencement of an action to avoid the qualified disposition. It is presumed that the 
beneficiary, including a beneficiary who is also a transferor of the trust, did not act in bad faith 
merely by creating the trust or by accepting a distribution made in accordance with the terms of 
the trust. 
Subchapter IV. Applicability of Virgin Islands Law and Jurisdiction 
§ 1591. Definitions. For the purposes of this subchapter: 
(a) 
The term "Virgin Islands jurisdiction provision" means a provision within the 
trust instrument or a will that the laws of the Virgin Islands govern the validity, construction, or 
administration of a trust or that the trust is subject to the jurisdiction of the Virgin Islands. 
EFTA00812626
--- PAGE 37 ---
(b) 
The term "Virgin Islands investments" means real property located in the Virgin 
Islands, any equity or debt securities of a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or 
other entity organized under the laws of the Virgin Islands or having its headquarters in the 
Virgin Islands, and debt securities of the Virgin Islands government or any of its 
instrumentalities. 
(c) 
The terms "senior" mean a person who transfers property in trust, and includes a person 
who furnishes the property transferred to a trust even if the trust is created by another person. 
(d) 
The term "accounting" means any interim or final report or other statement 
provided by a trustee reflecting all transactions, receipts, and disbursements during the reporting 
period and a list of assets as of the end of the period covered by the report or statement, and 
including written notice to the distribution beneficiary of the provisions of this section. 
(e) 
The term "foreign jurisdiction" means any foreign country, or the United States, 
or any state or territory of the United States other than the Virgin Islands. 
(0 
The term "non-Virgin Islands decedent" means a testator or other decedent who, 
at the time of death, is not domiciled in the Virgin Islands. 
§ 1592. When Virgin Island law or jurisdiction provision valid, effective, and conclusive. 
Except as expressly provided by the terms of a will, a governing instrument, or by a court order, 
a general law or a Virgin Islands jurisdiction provision stating that the laws of the Virgin Islands 
govern the will or trust, is valid, effective, and conclusive for the will or trust if all of the 
following are true: 
(1) 
Some or all of the trust assets are deposited in the Virgin Islands or physical 
evidence of such assets is held in the Virgin Islands and the trust or will is being administered by 
a qualified person; in this subsection, "deposited in the Virgin Islands," includes being held in a 
checking account, time deposit, certificate of deposit, brokerage account, trust company or law 
firm fiduciary account, or in the name of a Virgin Islands corporation, limited liability company, 
partnership, or other entity formed in the Virgin Islands, or other similar account or deposit that 
is located in the Virgin Islands including Virgin Islands investments, or in the name of a Virgin 
Islands corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity formed in the Virgin 
Islands wherever the accounts or deposits thereof are located; 
(2) 
A trustee or executor is a qualified person who is designated as a trustee under the 
governing instrument or a successor trusteeship, who is appointed executor under a will, or is 
designated as a trustee or executor by a court having jurisdiction over the trust or will; and 
EFTA00812627
--- PAGE 38 ---
(3) 
The administration, for example, physically maintaining trust or estate records in 
the Virgin Islands and preparing or arranging for the preparation of, on an exclusive basis or a 
nonexclusive basis, an income tax return that must be filed by the trust or estate, occurs wholly 
or partly in the Virgin Islands. 
The Virgin Islands, and the courts located there, have jurisdiction over a trust created in a foreign 
jurisdiction, or a will executed therein, including a jurisdiction located elsewhere in the United 
States, if the administration of the trust or estate meets the three requirements set forth in this 
section. Nothing in this section may be construed to be the exclusive means of providing a valid 
effective and conclusive Virgin Islands jurisdiction provision. 
§ 1593. Validity, construction, and administration of trust with Virgin Islands jurisdiction 
provision. 
The validity, construction, and administration of a trust or will with a Virgin Islands jurisdiction 
provision are determined by the laws of the Virgin Islands, including the: 
(1) 
Capacity of the settlor or testator; 
(2) 
Powers, obligations, liabilities, and rights of the trustees or executors and the 
appointment and removal of the trustees or executors; and 
(3) 
Existence and extent of powers, conferred or retained, including a trustee's or 
executor's discretionary powers, and the validity of the exercise of a power. 
§ 1594. Beneficiary approval of trustee's accounting; accounting defined. 
If a trust is not subject to court supervision pursuant to law or by order of a court, and if no 
objection has been made by a distribution beneficiary, as defined in this title, of a trust within 
one hundred eighty days after a copy of the trustee's accounting has been mailed, postage 
prepaid, to the last known address of such distribution beneficiary, the distribution beneficiary is 
deemed to have approved such accounting of the trustee, and the trustee, absent fraud, intentional 
misrepresentation, or material omission, shall be released and discharged from any and all 
liability to all beneficiaries of the trust as to all matters set forth in such accounting. 
EFTA00812628
--- PAGE 39 ---
§ 1595. Effect of the laws, rules, or orders of foreign jurisdiction on trust or disposition of 
property. 
(a) 
No trust with Virgin Islands situs, no trust, will or estate governed by the laws of 
the Virgin Islands, and no disposition of property to be held or disposed of upon the terms of 
such trust or will, is void, voidable, liable to be set aside, or defective in any manner nor is the 
capacity of any settlor or testator to be questioned, nor is the trustee, executor or other fiduciary, 
any beneficiary or any other person to be subjected to any liability or deprived of any right, by 
reason that: 
(1) 
The law of any foreign jurisdiction prohibits or does not recognize the concept of 
a trust; or 
(2) 
The trust, will or disposition: 
(i) 
Avoids or defeats any right, claim, or interest conferred by the law of a 
foreign jurisdiction upon any person by reason of a personal 
relationship to the settlor or by way of heirship or forced heirship 
rights; or 
(ii) 
Contravenes any rule or law of a foreign jurisdiction or any foreign 
jurisdiction's judicial or administrative order or action intended to 
recognize, protect, enforce, or give effect to such a right, claim, or 
interest. 
(b) 
The disposition by a non-Virgin Islands decedent of the stock, membership 
interest, or other ownership interest of any Virgin Islands corporation, limited liability company, 
partnership, or other entity formed in the Virgin Islands may not be found to be void, voidable, 
liable to be set aside, or defective in any manner, whether such disposition is made in trust, or by 
will, or in another manner, by reason that the disposition: 
(i) 
Avoids or defeats any right, claim, or interest conferred by the law of a 
foreign jurisdiction upon any person by reason of a personal 
relationship to the decedent or by way of heirship or forced heirship 
rights; or 
(ii) 
Contravenes any rule or law of a foreign jurisdiction or any foreign 
jurisdiction's judicial or administrative order or action intended to 
recognize, protect, enforce, or give effect to such a right, claim, or 
interest. 
EFTA00812629
--- PAGE 40 ---
(a) 
An heirship right conferred by foreign law in relation to the property of a living 
person shall not be recognized as: 
(i) 
affecting the ownership of real property in the Virgin Islands or personal 
property wherever situate for the purposes of this subchapter or for any 
other purpose; or 
(ii) 
constituting an obligation or liability for the purposes of any fraudulent 
conveyance or fraudulent transfer provision of the Virgin Islands Code or 
for any other purpose. 
(d) 
A foreign judgment shall not be recognized, enforced or give rise to any estoppel 
insofar as it is inconsistent with this subchapter. 
(e) 
This Section does not render any person liable for anything done before the 
effective date of the act which added this subchapter. 
(0 
The provisions of this section apply to every trust, will, estate, and every 
disposition of property in trust or by will made before, on, or after, the effective date of this 
section and whether the property may be located. 
(g) 
Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, a disposition described in subsection 
(b) shall not be subject to the rules set forth in §10 of this title, or any other statute or rule in 
respect of the right of a surviving spouse or other heir to elect a share of the estate of the 
decedent or to enjoy any right to property of a decedent that is held in trust. 
§ 1596. 
Cessation of trustee upon action of foreign court—Successor trustee. 
If, in any action brought against a trustee of a trust, a court of a foreign jurisdiction takes any 
action whereby such court declines to apply the law of the Virgin Islands in determining the 
validity, construction, or administration of such trust, or the effect of a spendthrift provision 
thereof, the trustee shall immediately upon the foreign jurisdiction's court's action and without 
the further order of any court of the Virgin Islands, cease in all respects to be trustee of the trust 
and a successor trustee shall thereupon succeed as trustee in accordance with the terms of the 
trust instrument or, if the trust instrument does not provide for a successor trustee and the trust 
would otherwise be without a trustee, the court, upon the application of any beneficiary of the 
trust, shall appoint a successor trustee upon such terms and conditions as it determines to be 
consistent with the purposes of the trust and this section. Upon the trustee's ceasing to be trustee, 
the trustee has no power or authority other than to convey the trust property to the successor 
trustee named in the trust instrument in accordance with this section. 
EFTA00812630
--- PAGE 41 ---
§ 1597. Virgin Islands law governs administration of trust. 
Unless the governing instrument or a court order expressly prohibits the change of the law of 
another jurisdiction to govern the administration of the trust, the laws of Virgin Islands shall 
govern the administration of a trust while the trust is administered in the Virgin Islands. 
SECTION 2. Title 28, Virgin Islands Code is amended in the following instances: 
(a) 
A new section 13 shall be added to chapter 1 thereof to read as follows: 
§ 13. Rule against perpetuities. 
No interest created in property held in trust shall be void by reason of any rule, whether 
the common-law rule against perpetuities, any common-law rule limiting the duration of 
noncharitable or charitable purpose trusts, or otherwise. 
(b) 
§ 121 of chapter 7 thereof shall be amended by designating the present language 
as subsection (a) thereof and by adding a new subsection (b) to read as follows: 
(b) Documents affecting personal property, including a bill of sale or a deed of 
gift, but excluding a financing statement as defined in Article 9 of Title 11A, 
required or permitted to be recorded, shall be recorded in the office of the 
recorder of deeds in the judicial division where the transferor or transferee 
reside, or in the case of a transferee or transferor that is a trust, where the 
trustee's principal place of business is located. For the purposes of this 
chapter, as "conveyance" shall be deemed to include such documents. 
(c) 
A new section 122a shall be added to chapter 7 thereof to read as follows: 
§ 122a. 
Recording of documents affecting personal property. 
Deeds of gift of personal property, bills of sale, and any other document purporting to 
convey title to personal property may be recorded in the office of recorder of deeds if 
acknowledged or proved; but such instrument, if not acknowledged or proved shall not 
be recorded by the recorder of deeds. No stamp taxes shall be payable with respect to 
such documents, but a recording fee shall be collected with respect to the recording of 
such documents as set forth in §133. 
(d) 
The existing language of subsection (b) of § 133 thereof shall be designated as 
EFTA00812631
--- PAGE 42 ---
paragraph (1) and a new paragraph (2) shall be added to § 133 to read as follows: 
(2) 
For deeds of gift of gift of personal property, bills of sale, and any 
other document purporting to convey title to personal property as 
described in §122a, the recording fee shall be $100. 
SECTION 3. Title 5, Chapter 3, Virgin Islands Code is amended by adding a new 
paragraph (C) to subsection (5) thereof to read as follows: 
§ 31 Time for Commencement of various actions 
(5) Two years-
(C) A cause of action with respect to fraudulent conveyance, whether brought 
pursuant to Title 28, chapter 9 or otherwise, shall be brought within two years of the date 
of the conveyance, or, if later, within six months after the conveyance was or could 
reasonably have been discovered. 
SECTION 4. Section 1091 of Title 15, Chapter 57, Virgin Islands Code is amended by 
adding the words "limited liability company," after the word "corporation," in the definition of 
"person." 
EFTA00812632
--- PAGE 43 ---
EXPLANATION 
Section 1 of the bill enacts a new subchapter of Title 15, Virgin Islands Code relating to 
trusts designed for estate planning purposes and to provide protections for trust settlors, 
beneficiaries, and trustees. Its provisions are primarily based on the laws of Delaware and South 
Dakota and are designed to promote the use of common law and/or statutory trusts in the Virgin 
Islands and to promote the use of Virgin Islands trustees for such trusts. Establishment of trusts 
in the Virgin Islands is expected to generate new business opportunities in the financial services 
sector and new sources of government revenue. The subchapter contains numerous provisions in 
this regard which expand on common law trust concepts, including the following: 
(a) Allowing the creation of trusts for a particular purpose, rather than for the benefit of a 
particular individual or other beneficiary; 
(b) Allowing the creation of trusts for both charitable and non-charitable purposes; 
(c) Defining what types of interests in trusts and control over trusts are, or are not 
reachable by creditors or subject to creditors' demands; 
(d) Clarifying and defining certain powers of trustees; 
(e) Allowing trustees the power to "decant" one trust into another trust under certain 
circumstances; 
(0 Defining the mechanisms by which "spendthrift" provisions of trusts may be utilized 
to prohibit creditors and beneficiaries from accessing distributions without trustee 
approval; 
(g) Prohibiting the use of fraudulent conveyance concepts and statutes to attach trust's 
assets unless there is shown to be an intent to defraud a specific creditor; 
(h) Limiting the time within which an action for fraudulent conveyance may be 
commenced; 
(i) Establishing "directed trusts" which are designed to provide certain persons who are 
not trustees, such as financial advisors and "protectors" with powers to direct the 
investment and distribution of trust assets and to protect trustees in this regard; 
(j) Establishing a regime known as "qualified dispositions in trust" which provides 
certain asset protection benefits in cases where transfers are made in trust to a 
qualified person, which generally means a Virgin Islands based trustee; and 
(k) Establishing provisions recognizing the primacy of Virgin Islands law with respect to 
trusts and transfers to trusts so as to, among other things, avoid the unwanted 
consequences of "forced heirship" provisions common in many jurisdictions in 
locations such as Latin America and Europe which require that estates be distributed 
only to certain classes of relatives. 
EFTA00812633
--- PAGE 44 ---
Section 2 of the bill amends Title 28, Virgin Islands Code in several instances that are 
designed to dovetail with the new trust provisions enacted by section. Subsection (a) repeals the 
rule against perpetuities, an outmoded common law rule designed to end the existence of trusts, 
and limit certain conveyances, after a certain period of time. Subsection (b) authorizes the 
recording, at the Office of Recorder of Deeds, of transfers of personal property into trust, 
including by bill of sale or deed of gift, subsection (c) clarifies that stamp taxes need not be paid 
on such transfers even when recorded, and subsection (d) establishes the recording fee to be paid 
for the recording of such transfers. 
Section 3 of the bill amends Title 5 of the Code to shorten the statute of limitations for 
bringing a fraudulent conveyance action to two years, which dovetails with several of the asset 
protection related provisions of Section 1. 
Section 4 of the bill updates the Uniform Trust Law of the Virgin Islands to provide that 
"persons" as used in that law include not only individuals and corporations, but limited liability 
companies as well. 
EFTA00812634

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812635.pdf
----------------------------------------
BILL NO. 32-
THIRTY-SECOND LEGISLATURE OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
OF THE UNITED STATES 
To enact the Virgin Islands Uniform Principal and Income Act 
PROPOSED BY: 
SECTION 1. Title 15, Virgin Islands Code is amended by adding a new Chapter 64 thereof to 
read as follows: 
Chapter 64. Principal and Income 
§ 1301. Short title. 
This chapter may be cited as the "Virgin Islands Uniform Principal and Income Act". 
§ 1302. Uniform principal and income act definitions. 
As used in this chapter: 
(1) "Accounting period" means a calendar year unless another twelve-month period is 
selected by a fiduciary. "Accounting period" includes a portion of a calendar year 
or other twelve-month period that begins when an income interest begins or ends 
when an income interest ends. 
(2) "Beneficiary" includes, in the case of a decedent's estate, an heir, legatee, and 
devisee and, in the case of a trust, an income beneficiary and a remainder 
beneficiary. 
(3) "Fiduciary" means a personal representative or a trustee. The term includes an 
executor, administrator, successor personal representative, special administrator, 
and a person performing substantially the same function. 
(4) "Income" means money or property that a fiduciary receives as current return 
from a principal asset. "Income" includes a portion of receipts from a sale, 
EFTA00812635
--- PAGE 2 ---
exchange, or liquidation of a principal asset, to the extent provided in §§ 1310 to 
1324 of this chapter. 
(5) "Income beneficiary" means a person to whom net income of a trust is or may be 
payable. 
(6) "Income interest" means the right of an income beneficiary to receive all or part 
of net income, whether the terms of the trust require or authorize it to be 
distributed in the trustee's discretion. 
(7) "Mandatory income interest" means the right of an income beneficiary to receive 
net income that the terms of the trust require the fiduciary to distribute. 
(8) "Net income" means the total receipts allocated to income during an accounting 
period minus the disbursements made from income during the period, plus or 
minus transfers under this chapter to or from income during the period. 
(9) "Person" means an individual, corporation, business trust, estate, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture, or government; 
governmental subdivision, agency, or instrumentality; public corporation; or any 
other legal or commercial entity. 
(10) "Principal" means property held in trust for distribution to a remainder beneficiary 
when the trust terminates. 
(11) "Remainder beneficiary" means a person entitled to receive principal when an 
income interest ends. 
(12) "Terms of a trust" means the manifestation of the intent of a senior or decedent 
with respect to the trust, expressed in a manner that admits of its proof in a 
judicial proceeding, whether by written or spoken words or by conduct. 
(13) "Trustee" includes an original, additional, or successor trustee, whether or not 
appointed or confirmed by a court. 
§ 1303. Fiduciary duties; general principles. 
(a) In allocating receipts and disbursements to or between principal and income, and with 
respect to any matter within the scope of §§ 1308 to 1310 of this chapter, all of the 
following apply: 
(1) A fiduciary shall administer a trust or estate in accordance with the terms of the 
trust or the will, even if there is a different provision in this chapter. 
(2) A fiduciary may administer a trust or estate by the exercise of a discretionary 
power of administration given to the fiduciary by the terms of the trust or the will, 
even if the exercise of the power produces a result different from a result required 
or permitted by any provision of this chapter. 
(3) A fiduciary shall administer a trust or estate in accordance with this chapter if the 
terms of the trust or the will do not contain a different provision or do not give the 
fiduciary a discretionary power of administration. 
EFTA00812636
--- PAGE 3 ---
(4) A fiduciary shall add a receipt, or charge a disbursement, to principal to the extent 
that the terms of the trust and any provision of this chapter do not provide for 
allocating the receipt or disbursement to or between principal and income. 
(b) In exercising the power to adjust under subsection (a) of § 1304 of this chapter or a 
discretionary power of administration regarding a matter within the scope of this chapter, 
whether granted by the terms of a trust, a will, or a provision of any such section, a 
fiduciary shall administer a trust or estate impartially, based on what is fair and 
reasonable to all of the beneficiaries, except to the extent that the terms of the trust or the 
will clearly manifest an intention that the fiduciary shall or may favor one or more of the 
beneficiaries. A determination in accordance with this chapter is presumed to be fair and 
reasonable to all of the beneficiaries. 
(c) In allocating receipts and disbursements to or between principal and income, a fiduciary 
may credit a receipt or charge an expenditure to income or principal with respect to a 
decedent's estate, a trust, or property passing to a trust, that is eligible for a federal estate 
tax marital deduction, or for a federal estate tax charitable deduction, or for a federal gift 
tax marital deduction or federal gift tax charitable deduction only to the extent that the 
credit of the receipt or charge of the expenditure will not cause the reduction or loss of 
the deduction. 
(d) As used in subsection (c) of this section: 
(1) "Federal estate tax charitable deduction" means the estate tax charitable deduction 
allowed by subtitle B, Chapter 11 of the "Internal Revenue Code of 1986," 26 
U.S.C.A. 2055, as amended. 
(2) "Federal estate tax marital deduction" means the estate tax marital deduction 
allowed by subtitle B, Chapter 11 of the "Internal Revenue Code of 1986," 26 
U.S.C.A. 2056, as amended. 
(3) "Federal gift tax charitable deduction" means the gift tax charitable deduction 
allowed by subtitle B, Chapter 12 of the "Internal Revenue Code of 1986," 26 
U.S.C.A. 2522, as amended. 
(4) "Federal gift tax marital deduction" means the gift tax marital deduction allowed 
by subtitle B, Chapter 12 of the "Internal Revenue Code of 1986," 26 U.S.C.A. 
2523, as amended. 
§ 1304. Trustee's power to adjust. 
(a) A trustee may adjust between principal and income to the extent the trustee considers 
necessary if the trustee invests and manages the trust assets as a prudent investor, the 
terms of the trust describe the amount that may or must be distributed to a beneficiary by 
EFTA00812637
--- PAGE 4 ---
referring to the trust's income, and the trustee determines, after applying subsection (a) of 
§I303 of this chapter, that the trustee is unable to comply with subsection (b) of that 
section. 
(b) In deciding whether and to what extent to exercise the power conferred by subsection (a) 
of this section, a trustee shall consider all factors relevant to the trust and its beneficiaries, 
including all of the following factors to the extent they are relevant: 
(1) The nature, purpose, and expected duration of the trust; 
(2) The intent of the settlor; 
(3) The identity and circumstances of the beneficiaries; 
(4) The needs for liquidity, regularity of income, and preservation and appreciation of 
capital; 
(5) The assets held in the trust; the extent to which they consist of financial assets, 
interests in closely held enterprises, tangible and intangible personal property, or 
real property; the extent to which an asset is used by a beneficiary; and whether 
an asset was purchased by the trustee or received from the senior; 
(6) The net amount allocated to income under §§ 1302, 1302, and 1307 to 1331 of 
this chapter; and the increase or decrease in the value of the principal assets, 
which the trustee may estimate as to assets for which market values are not 
readily available; 
(7) Whether and to what extent the terms of the trust give the trustee the power to 
invade principal or accumulate income or prohibit the trustee from invading 
principal or accumulating income, and the extent to which the trustee has 
exercised a power from time to time to invade principal or accumulate income; 
(8) The actual and anticipated effect of economic conditions on principal and income 
and effects of inflation and deflation; 
(9) The anticipated tax consequences of an adjustment. 
(c) A trustee shall not make an adjustment if any of the following applies: 
(1) The adjustment diminishes the income interest in a trust that requires all of the 
income to be paid at least annually to a spouse and for which an estate tax or gift 
tax marital deduction would be allowed, in whole or in part, if the trustee did not 
have the power to make the adjustment. 
(2) The adjustment reduces the actuarial value of the income interest in a trust to 
which a person transfers property with the intent to qualify for a gift tax 
exclusion. 
(3) The adjustment changes the amount payable to a beneficiary as a fixed annuity or 
a fixed fraction of the value of the trust assets. 
EFTA00812638
--- PAGE 5 ---
(4) The adjustment is from any amount that is permanently set aside for charitable 
purposes under a will or the terms of a trust unless both income and principal are 
so set aside. 
(5) If possessing or exercising the power to make the adjustment causes an individual 
to be treated as the owner of all or part of the trust for income tax purposes, and 
the individual would not be treated as the owner if the trustee did not possess the 
power to make the adjustment; 
(6) If possessing or exercising the power to make the adjustment causes all or part of 
the trust assets to be included for estate tax purposes in the estate of an individual 
who has the power to remove a trustee or appoint a trustee, or both, and the assets 
would not be included in the estate of the individual if the trustee did not possess 
the power to make the adjustment; 
(7) If the trustee is a beneficiary of the trust; 
(8) If the trustee is not a beneficiary, but the adjustment would benefit the trustee 
directly or indirectly. 
(d) If paragraphs (5), (6), (7), or (8) of subsection (c) of this section applies to a trustee and 
there is more than one trustee, a cotrustee to whom the provision does not apply may 
make the adjustment unless the exercise of the power by the remaining trustee or trustees 
is not permitted by the terms of the trust. 
(e) A trustee may release the entire power conferred by subsection (a) of this section or may 
release only the power to adjust from income to principal or the power to adjust from 
principal to income if the trustee is uncertain about whether possessing or exercising the 
power will cause a result described in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), or (8) of 
subsection (c) of this section or if the trustee determines that possessing or exercising the 
power will or may deprive the trust of a tax benefit or impose a tax burden not described 
in subsection (c) of this section. The release may be permanent or for a specified period, 
including a period measured by the life of an individual. 
(0 Terms of a trust that limit the power of a trustee to make an adjustment between principal 
and income do not affect the application of this section unless it is clear from the terms of 
the trust that the terms are intended to deny the trustee the power of adjustment conferred 
by subsection (a) of this section. 
(g) The liability of a trustee relative to the exercise of adjustment authority conferred by 
subsections (a) to (0 of this section shall be limited in the following manner: 
(1) Unless a court determines that a trustee has acted in bad faith, no trustee shall be 
held liable for damages for choosing not to make an adjustment. 
EFTA00812639
--- PAGE 6 ---
(2) Unless a court determines that a trustee has acted in bad faith with respect to an 
adjustment, the sole remedy to be ordered by a court shall be a prospective 
correction of the adjustment. 
(3) For purposes of this section, and subject to subsection (c) of this section, from 
time to time a trustee may make a safe-harbor adjustment to increase net trust 
accounting income up to and including an amount equal to four per cent of the 
trust's fair market value determined as of the first business day of the current year. 
If a trustee determines to make this safe-harbor adjustment, the propriety of this 
adjustment shall be conclusively presumed. Nothing in subsection (g)(3) of this 
section prohibits any other type of adjustment authorized under any provision of 
this section. 
§ 1305. Determination and distribution of net income. 
After a decedent dies, in the case of an estate, or after an income interest in a trust ends, all of the 
following apply: 
(a) The fiduciary of the estate or of the terminating income interest shall determine, under 
the provisions of §§ 1307 to 1330 of this chapter that apply to trustees and under 
subsection (e) of this section, the amount of net income and net principal receipts 
received from property specifically given to a beneficiary. The fiduciary shall distribute 
the net income and net principal receipts to the beneficiary that is to receive the specific 
property. 
(b) A fiduciary shall determine the remaining net income of a decedent's estate or a 
terminating income interest under the provisions of §§ 1307 to 1330 of this chapter that 
apply to trustees and by doing all of the following: 
(1) Including in net income all income from property used to discharge liabilities; 
(2) Paying from income or principal, in the fiduciary's discretion, fees of attorneys, 
accountants, and fiduciaries; court costs and other expenses of administration; and 
interest on death taxes. However, the fiduciary may pay those expenses from 
income of property passing to a trust for which the fiduciary claims an estate tax 
marital or charitable deduction only to the extent that the payment of those 
expenses from income will not cause the reduction or loss of the deduction. 
(3) Paying from principal all other disbursements made or incurred in connection 
with the settlement of a decedent's estate or the winding up of a terminating 
income interest, including debts, funeral expenses, disposition of remains, family 
allowances, and death taxes and related penalties that are apportioned to the estate 
or terminating income interest by the will, the terms of the trust, or applicable 
law. 
EFTA00812640
--- PAGE 7 ---
(c) A fiduciary shall distribute to a beneficiary that receives a pecuniary amount outright the 
interest or any other amount provided by the will, the terms of the trust, or applicable law 
from net income determined under subsection (b) of this section or from principal to the 
extent that net income is insufficient. If a beneficiary is to receive a pecuniary amount 
outright from a trust after an income interest ends and no interest or other amount is 
provided for by the terms of the trust or applicable law, the fiduciary shall distribute the 
interest or other amount to which the beneficiary would be entitled under applicable law 
if the pecuniary amount were required to be paid under a will. 
(d) A fiduciary shall distribute the net income remaining after distributions required by 
subsection (c) of this section, in the manner described in §1306 of this chapter, to all 
other beneficiaries, including a beneficiary that receives a pecuniary amount in trust, even 
if the beneficiary holds an unqualified power to withdraw assets from the trust or other 
presently exercisable, general power of appointment over the trust. 
(e) A fiduciary shall not reduce principal or income receipts from property described in 
subsection (a) of this section because of a payment described in §I325 or 1326 of this 
chapter to the extent that the will, the terms of the trust, or applicable law requires the 
fiduciary to make the payment from assets other than the property or to the extent that the 
fiduciary recovers or expects to recover the payment from a third party. The net income 
and principal receipts from the property are determined by including all of the amounts 
the fiduciary receives or pays with respect to the property, whether those amounts 
accrued or became due before, on, or after the date of a decedent's death or an income 
interest's terminating event, and by making a reasonable provision for amounts that the 
fiduciary believes the estate or terminating income interest may become obligated to pay 
after the property is distributed. 
§ 1306. Distribution to residuary and remainder beneficiaries. 
(a) Each beneficiary described in subsection (d) of §1307 of this chapter is entitled to receive 
a portion of the net income equal to the beneficiary's fractional interest in undistributed 
principal assets, using values as of the distribution date. If a fiduciary makes more than 
one distribution of assets to beneficiaries to whom this section applies, each beneficiary, 
including one that does not receive part of the distribution, is entitled, as of each 
distribution date, to the net income the fiduciary has received after the date of the 
decedent's death or terminating event or earlier distribution date but has not distributed as 
of the current distribution date. 
EFTA00812641
--- PAGE 8 ---
(b) In determining a beneficiary's share of net income for the purpose of this section, all of 
the following apply: 
(1) The beneficiary is entitled to receive a portion of the net income equal to the 
beneficiary's fractional interest in the undistributed principal assets immediately 
before the distribution date, including assets that later may be sold to meet 
principal obligations. 
(2) The beneficiary's fractional interest in the undistributed principal assets must be 
calculated without regard to property specifically given to a beneficiary and 
property required to pay pecuniary amounts not in trust. 
(3) The beneficiary's fractional interest in the undistributed principal assets must be 
calculated on the basis of the aggregate value of those assets as of the distribution 
date without reducing the value by any unpaid principal obligation. 
(4) The distribution date for purposes of this section may be the date as of which the 
fiduciary calculates the value of the assets if that date is reasonably near the date 
on which assets are actually distributed. 
(c) If a fiduciary does not distribute all of the collected but undistributed net income 
described in subsections (a) and (b) of this section to each person as of a distribution date, 
the fiduciary shall maintain appropriate records showing the interest of each. 
(d) To the extent that a fiduciary considers it appropriate, the fiduciary may apply the 
provisions of subsections (a) to (c) of this section to any net gain or loss, realized after the 
date of the decedent's death or an income interest termination or earlier distribution date, 
from the disposition of a principal asset to which such provisions apply. 
§ 1307. When right to income begins and ends. 
(a) An income beneficiary is entitled to net income from the date on which the income 
interest begins. An income interest begins on the date specified in the terms of the trust 
or, if no date is specified, on the date an asset becomes subject to a trust or successive 
income interest. 
(b) An asset becomes subject to a trust on any of the following dates: 
(1) The date it is transferred to the trust, in the case of an asset that is transferred to a 
trust during the transferor's life; 
(2) The date of a testator's death, in the case of an asset that becomes subject to a trust 
by reason of a will, even if there is an intervening period of administration of the 
testator's estate; 
(3) The date of an individual's death, in the case of an asset that is transferred to a 
fiduciary by a third party because of the individual's death. 
EFTA00812642
--- PAGE 9 ---
(c) An asset becomes subject to a successive income interest on the day after the preceding 
income interest ends, as determined under subsection (d) of this section, even if there is 
an intervening period of administration to wind up the preceding income interest. 
(d) An income interest ends on the day before an income beneficiary dies or another 
terminating event occurs, or on the last day of a period during which there is no 
beneficiary to whom a trustee may distribute income. 
§ 1308. Apportionment of receipts and disbursements when decedent dies or income 
interest begins. 
(a) A trustee shall allocate to principal an income receipt or disbursement other than one to 
which subsection (a) of §1307 of this chapter applies, if its due date occurs before a 
decedent dies in the case of an estate or before an income interest begins in the case of a 
trust or successive income interest. 
(b) A trustee shall allocate an income receipt or disbursement to income if its due date occurs 
on or after the date on which a decedent dies or an income interest begins and if it is a 
periodic due date. An income receipt or disbursement shall be treated as accruing from 
day to day if its due date is not periodic or it has no due date. The portion of the receipt or 
disbursement accruing before the date on which a decedent dies or an income interest 
begins shall be allocated to principal, and the balance shall be allocated to income. 
(c) For the purposes of this section, an item of income or an obligation is due on the date the 
payer is required to make a payment. If a payment date is not stated, there is no due date. 
Distributions to shareholders or other owners from an entity to which §1310 of this 
chapter applies are deemed to be due on the date fixed by the entity for determining who 
is entitled to receive the distribution or, if no date is fixed, on the declaration date for the 
distribution. A due date is periodic for receipts or disbursements that must be paid at 
regular intervals under a lease or an obligation to pay interest or if an entity customarily 
makes distributions at regular intervals. 
§ 1309. Apportionment when income interest ends. 
(a) As used in this section, "undistributed income" means net income received before the 
date on which an income interest ends. "Undistributed income" excludes an item of 
income or expense that is due or accrued or net income that has been added or is required 
to be added to principal under the terms of the trust. 
EFTA00812643
--- PAGE 10 ---
(b) When a mandatory income interest ends, the trustee shall pay to a mandatory income 
beneficiary that survives that date, or the estate of a deceased mandatory income 
beneficiary whose death causes the interest to end, the beneficiary's share of the 
undistributed income that is not disposed of under the terms of the trust, unless the 
beneficiary has an unqualified power to revoke more than five per cent of the trust 
immediately before the income interest ends. If the beneficiary has such power, the 
undistributed income from the portion of the trust that may be revoked shall be added to 
principal. 
(c) When a trustee's obligation to pay a fixed annuity or a fixed fraction of the value of the 
trust's assets ends, the trustee shall prorate the final payment if and to the extent required 
by applicable law to accomplish a purpose of the trust or its settlor relating to income, 
gift, estate, or other tax requirements. 
§ 1310. Character of receipts. 
(a) As used in this section, "entity" means a corporation, partnership, limited liability 
company, regulated investment company, real estate investment trust, common trust fund, 
or any other organization in which a trustee has an interest other than a trust or estate to 
which §13Il of this chapter applies, a business or activity to which §1312 of this chapter 
applies, or an asset-backed security to which §1324 of this chapter applies. 
(b) Except as otherwise provided in this section, a trustee shall allocate to income money 
received from an entity. 
(c) A trustee shall allocate all of the following receipts from an entity to principal: 
(1) Property other than money; 
(2) Money received in one distribution or a series of related distributions in exchange 
for part or all of a trust's interest in the entity; 
(3) Money received in total or partial liquidation of the entity; 
(4) Money received from an entity that is a regulated investment company or a real 
estate investment trust if the money distributed is a capital gain dividend for 
federal income tax purposes. 
(d) Money is received in partial liquidation in either of the following circumstances: 
(1) To the extent that the entity, at or near the time of a distribution, indicates that it is 
a distribution in partial liquidation; 
I0 
EFTA00812644
--- PAGE 11 ---
(2) If the total amount of money and property received in a distribution or series of 
related distributions is greater than twenty per cent of the entity's gross assets, as 
shown by the entity's year-end financial statements immediately preceding the 
initial receipt. 
(e) Money is not received in partial liquidation, nor shall it be taken into account under 
subsection (d)(2) of this section, to the extent that it does not exceed the amount of 
income tax that a trustee or beneficiary must pay on taxable income of the entity that 
distributes the money. 
(0 A trustee may rely upon a statement made by an entity about the source or character of a 
distribution if the statement is made at or near the time of distribution by the entity's 
board of directors or other person or group of persons authorized to exercise powers to 
pay money or transfer property comparable to those of a corporation's board of directors. 
§ 1311. Distribution from trust or estate. 
A trustee shall allocate to income an amount received as a distribution of income from a trust or 
an estate in which the trust has an interest other than a purchased interest, and shall allocate to 
principal an amount received as a distribution of principal from such a trust or estate. If a trustee 
purchases an interest in a trust that is an investment entity, or a decedent or donor transfers an 
interest in such a trust to a trustee, §1310 or 1324 of this chapter applies to a receipt from the 
trust. 
§ 1312. Business and other activities conducted by trustee. 
(a) If a trust that conducts a business or other activity determines that it is in the best interest 
of all the beneficiaries to account separately for the business or activity instead of 
accounting for it as part of the trust's general accounting records, the trustee may 
maintain separate accounting records for its transactions, whether or not its assets are 
segregated from other trust assets. 
(b) A trustee that accounts separately for a business or other activity may determine the 
extent to which its net cash receipts must be retained for working capital, the acquisition 
or replacement of fixed assets, and other reasonably foreseeable needs of the business or 
activity, and the extent to which the remaining net cash receipts are accounted for as 
principal or income in the trust's general accounting records. If a trustee sells assets of the 
business or other activity, other than in the ordinary course of the business or activity, the 
trustee shall account for the net amount received as principal in the trust's general 
EFTA00812645
--- PAGE 12 ---
accounting records to the extent the trustee determines that the amount received is no 
longer required in the conduct of the business. 
(c) Activities for which a trustee may maintain separate accounting records under this section 
include all of the following: 
(1) Retail, manufacturing, service, and other traditional business activities; 
(2) Farming; 
(3) Raising and selling livestock and other animals; 
(4) Management of rental properties; 
(5) Extraction of minerals and other natural resources; 
(6) Timber operations; 
(7) Activities to which §1323 of this chapter applies. 
§ 1313. Principal receipts. 
A trustee shall allocate to principal all of the following: 
(a) To the extent not allocated to income under this chapter, assets received from a 
transferor during the transferor's lifetime, a decedent's estate, a trust with a terminating income 
interest, or a payer under a contract naming the trust or its trustee as beneficiary; 
(b) Money or other property received from the sale, exchange, liquidation, or change in 
form of a principal asset, including realized profit, subject to §§ 1310 to 1324 of this chapter; 
(c) Amounts recovered from third parties to reimburse the trust because of disbursements 
described in subsection (a)(7) of § 1326 of this chapter or for other reasons to the extent not based 
on the loss of income; 
(d) Proceeds of property taken by eminent domain, but a separate award made for the loss 
of income with respect to an accounting period during which a current income beneficiary had a 
mandatory income interest is income; 
(e) Net income received in an accounting period during which there is no beneficiary to 
whom a trustee may or must distribute income; 
(0 Other receipts as provided in §§ 1317 to 1324 of this chapter. 
§ 1314. Rental property. 
To the extent that a trustee accounts for receipts from rental property pursuant to this section, the 
trustee shall allocate to income an amount received as rent of real or personal property, including 
EFTA00812646
--- PAGE 13 ---
an amount received for cancellation or renewal of a lease. An amount received as a refundable 
deposit, including a security deposit or a deposit that is to be applied as rent for future periods, 
shall be added to principal and held subject to the terms of the lease and shall not be available for 
distribution to a beneficiary until the trustee's contractual obligations have been satisfied with 
respect to that amount. 
§ 1315. Obligation to pay money. 
(a) An amount received as interest, whether determined at a fixed, variable, or floating rate, 
on an obligation to pay money to the trustee, including an amount received as 
consideration for prepaying principal, shall be allocated to income without any provision 
for amortization of premium. 
(b) A trustee shall allocate to principal an amount received from the sale, redemption, or 
other disposition of an obligation to pay money to the trustee more than one year after the 
date it is purchased or acquired by the trustee, including an obligation whose purchase 
price or value when it is acquired is less than its value at maturity. If the obligation 
matures within one year after the date it is purchased or acquired by the trustee, an 
amount received in excess of its purchase price or its value when acquired by the trust 
shall be allocated to income. 
(c) This section does not apply to an obligation to which §1318, 1319, 1320, 1321, 1323, or 
1324 of this chapter applies. 
§ 1316. Insurance policies and similar contracts. 
(a) Except as otherwise provided in subsection (b) of this section, a trustee shall allocate to 
principal the proceeds of a life insurance policy or other contract in which the trust or its 
trustee is named as a beneficiary, including a contract that insures the trust or its trustee 
against loss for damage to, destruction of, or loss of title to a trust asset. The trustee shall 
allocate dividends on an insurance policy to income if the premiums on the policy are 
paid from income, and to principal if the premiums are paid from principal. 
(b) A trustee shall allocate to income proceeds of a contract that insures the trustee against 
loss of occupancy or other use by an income beneficiary, loss of income, or, subject to 
§I312 of this chapter, loss of profits from a business. 
(c) This section does not apply to a contract to which §1318 of this chapter applies. 
EFTA00812647
--- PAGE 14 ---
§ 1317. Insubstantial allocations not required. 
If a trustee determines that an allocation between principal and income required by §1318, 1319, 
1320, 1321, or 1324 of this chapter is insubstantial, the trustee may allocate the entire amount to 
principal unless one of the circumstances described in subsection (c) of §1304 of this chapter 
applies to the allocation. This power may be exercised by a cotrustee in the circumstances 
described in subsection (d) of that section and may be released for the reasons and in the manner 
described in subsection (e) of the section. An allocation is presumed to be insubstantial if either 
of the following applies: 
(1) The amount of the allocation would increase or decrease net income in an accounting 
period, as determined before the allocation, by less than ten per cent. 
(2) The value of the asset producing the receipt for which the allocation would be made is 
less than ten per cent of the total value of the trust's assets at the beginning of the 
accounting period. 
§ 1318. Deferred compensation, annuities and similar payments. 
(a) As used in this section, "payment" means a payment that a trustee may receive over a 
fixed number of years or during the life of one or more individuals because of services 
rendered or property transferred to the payer in exchange for future payments. "Payment" 
includes a payment made in money or property from the payer's general assets or from a 
separate fund created by the payer, including a private or commercial annuity, an 
individual retirement account, or a pension, profit-sharing, stock-bonus, or stock-
ownership plan. 
(b) To the extent that a payment is characterized as interest or a dividend or a payment made 
in lieu of interest or a dividend, a trustee shall allocate it to income. The trustee shall 
allocate to principal the balance of the payment and any other payment received in the 
same accounting period that is not characterized as interest, a dividend, or an equivalent 
payment. 
(c) If no part of a payment is characterized as interest, a dividend, or an equivalent payment, 
and all or part of the payment is required to be made, a trustee shall allocate to income 
ten per cent of the part that is required to be made during the accounting period and the 
balance to principal. If no part of a payment is required to be made or the payment 
received is the entire amount to which the trustee is entitled, the trustee shall allocate the 
entire payment to principal. For purposes of this subsection, a payment is not "required to 
be made" to the extent that it is made because the trustee exercises a right of withdrawal. 
EFTA00812648
--- PAGE 15 ---
(d) If, to obtain an estate tax marital deduction for a trust, a trustee must allocate more of a 
payment to income than is provided for by this section, the trustee shall allocate to 
income the additional amount necessary to obtain the marital deduction. 
(e) This section does not apply to payments to which §1319 of this chapter applies. 
§ 1319. Liquidating asset 
(a) As used in this section, "liquidating asset" means an asset whose value will diminish or 
terminate because the asset is expected to produce receipts for a period of limited 
duration. "Liquidating asset" includes a leasehold, patent, copyright, royalty right, and 
right to receive payments during a period of more than one year under an arrangement 
that does not provide for the payment of interest on the unpaid balance. "Liquidating 
asset" excludes a payment subject to §1318 of this chapter, resources subject to §1320 of 
this chapter, timber subject to §1321 of this chapter, an activity subject to §I323 of this 
chapter, an asset subject to §I324 of this chapter, or any asset for which the trustee 
establishes a reserve for depreciation under §1327 of this chapter. 
(b) A trustee shall allocate to income ten per cent of the receipts from a liquidating asset and 
the balance to principal. 
§ 1320. Minerals, water and other natural resources. 
(a) To the extent that a trustee accounts for receipts from an interest in minerals or other 
natural resources pursuant to this section, the trustee shall allocate the receipts in 
accordance with all of the following: 
(1) If received as nominal delay rental or nominal annual rent on a lease, a receipt 
shall be allocated to income. 
(2) If received from a production payment, a receipt shall be allocated to income if 
and to the extent that the agreement creating the production payment provides a 
factor for interest or its equivalent. The balance shall be allocated to principal. 
(3) If an amount received as a royalty, shut-in-well payment, take-or-pay payment, 
bonus, or delay rental is more than nominal, ninety per cent shall be allocated to 
principal and the balance to income. 
(4) If an amount is received from a working interest or any other interest not provided 
for in paragraphs (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a) of this section, ninety per cent of 
the net amount received shall be allocated to principal and the balance to income. 
EFTA00812649
--- PAGE 16 ---
(b) An amount received on account of an interest in water that is renewable shall be allocated 
to income. If the water is not renewable, ninety per cent of the amount shall be allocated 
to principal and the balance to income. 
(c) This section applies whether or not a decedent or donor was extracting minerals, water, or 
other natural resources before the interest became subject to the trust. 
(d) If a trust owns an interest in minerals, water, or other natural resources on January I, 
2003, the trustee may allocate receipts from the interest as provided in this section or in 
the manner used by the trustee before that date. If the trust acquires an interest in 
minerals, water, or other natural resources after January 1, 2003, the trustee shall allocate 
receipts from the interest as provided in this section. 
1321. Timber. 
(a) To the extent that a trustee accounts for receipts from the sale of timber and related 
products pursuant to this section, the trustee shall allocate the net receipts in accordance 
with all of the following: 
(1) To income, to the extent that the amount of timber removed from the land does 
not exceed the rate of growth of the timber during the accounting periods in which 
a beneficiary has a mandatory income interest; 
(2) To principal, to the extent that the amount of timber removed from the land 
exceeds the rate of growth of the timber or the net receipts are from the sale of 
standing timber; 
(3) To or between income and principal, if the net receipts are from the lease of 
timberland or from a contract to cut timber from land owned by a trust, by 
determining the amount of timber removed from the land under the lease or 
contract and applying paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) of this section; 
(4) To principal, to the extent that advance payments, bonuses, and other payments 
are not allocated pursuant to paragraphs (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a) of this 
section. 
(b) In determining net receipts to be allocated pursuant to subsection (a) of this section, a 
trustee shall deduct and transfer to principal a reasonable amount for depletion. 
(c) This section applies whether or not a decedent or transferor was harvesting timber from 
the property before it became subject to the trust. 
(d) If a trust owns an interest in timberland on January 1, 2003, the trustee may allocate net 
receipts from the sale of timber and related products as provided in this section or in the 
EFTA00812650
--- PAGE 17 ---
manner used by the trustee before that date. If the trust acquires an interest in timberland 
after January I, 2003, the trustee shall allocate net receipts from the sale of timber and 
related products as provided in this section. 
§ 1322. Property not productive of income. 
(a) If a marital deduction is allowed for all or part of a trust whose assets consist 
substantially of property that does not provide the spouse with sufficient income from or 
use of the trust assets, and if the amounts that the trustee transfers from principal to 
income under §1304 of this chapter and distributes to the spouse from principal pursuant 
to the terms of the trust are insufficient to provide the spouse with the beneficial 
enjoyment required to obtain the marital deduction, the spouse may require the trustee to 
make property productive of income, convert property within a reasonable time, or 
exercise the power conferred by subsection (a) of that section. The trustee may decide 
which action or combination of actions to take. 
(b) In cases not governed by subsection (a) of this section, proceeds from the sale or other 
disposition of an asset shall be principal without regard to the amount of income the asset 
produces during any accounting period. 
§ 1323. Derivatives and options. 
(a) As used in this section, "derivative" means a contract or financial instrument or a 
combination of contracts and financial instruments that gives a trust the right or 
obligation to participate in some or all changes in the price of a tangible or intangible 
asset or group of assets, or changes in a rate, an index of prices or rates, or other market 
indicator for an asset or a group of assets. 
(b) To the extent that a trustee does not account under § 1312 of this chapter for transactions 
in derivatives, the trustee shall allocate to principal receipts from and disbursements 
made in connection with those transactions. 
(c) If a trustee grants an option to buy property from the trust, whether or not the trust owns 
the property when the option is granted, grants an option that permits another person to 
sell property to the trust, or acquires an option to buy property for the trust or an option to 
sell an asset owned by the trust, and the trustee or other owner of the asset is required to 
deliver the asset if the option is exercised, an amount received for granting the option 
shall be allocated to principal. An amount paid to acquire the option shall be paid from 
principal. A gain or loss realized upon the exercise of an option, including an option 
granted to a settlor of the trust for services rendered, shall be allocated to principal. 
EFTA00812651
--- PAGE 18 ---
§ 1324. Asset-backed securities. 
(a) As used in this section, "asset-backed security" means an asset whose value is based upon 
the right it gives the owner to receive distributions from the proceeds of financial assets 
that provide collateral for the security. "Asset-backed security" includes an asset that 
gives the owner the right to receive from the collateral financial assets only the interest or 
other current return or only the proceeds other than interest or current return. "Asset-
backed security" excludes an asset to which §1310 or 1318 of this chapter applies. 
(b) If a trust receives a payment from interest or other current return and from other proceeds 
of the collateral financial assets, the trustee shall allocate to income the portion of the 
payment that the payer identifies as being from interest or other current return and shall 
allocate the balance of the payment to principal. 
(c) If a trust receives one or more payments in exchange for the trust's entire interest in an 
asset-backed security in one accounting period, the trustee shall allocate the payments to 
principal. If a payment is one of a series of payments that will result in the liquidation of 
the trust's interest in the security over more than one accounting period, the trustee shall 
allocate ten per cent of the payment to income and the balance to principal. 
§ 1325. Disbursements from income. 
A trustee shall make all of the following disbursements from income to the extent that they are 
not disbursements to which subsection (b)(2) or (3) of §1307 of this chapter applies: 
(a) One-half of the regular compensation of the trustee and of any person providing 
investment advisory or custodial services to the trustee; 
(b) One-half of all expenses for accountings, judicial proceedings, or other matters that 
involve both the income and remainder interests; 
(c) All of the other ordinary expenses incurred in connection with the administration, 
management, or preservation of trust property and the distribution of income, including 
interest, ordinary repairs, regularly recurring taxes assessed against principal, and 
expenses of a proceeding or other matter that concerns primarily the income interest; 
(d) Recurring premiums on insurance covering the loss of a principal asset or the loss of 
income from or use of the asset. 
EFTA00812652
--- PAGE 19 ---
§ 1326. Disbursements from principal. 
(a) A trustee shall make all of the following disbursements from principal: 
(1) The remaining one-half of the disbursements described in subsections (a) and (b) 
of §1325 of this chapter; 
(2) All of the trustee's compensation calculated on principal as a fee for acceptance, 
distribution, or termination, and disbursements made to prepare property for sale; 
(3) Payments on the principal of a trust debt; 
(4) Expenses of a proceeding that concerns primarily principal, including a 
proceeding to construe the trust or to protect the trust or its property; 
(5) Premiums paid on a policy of insurance not described in subsection (d) of §I325 
of this chapter of which the trust is the owner and beneficiary; 
(6) Estate, inheritance, and other transfer taxes, including penalties, apportioned to 
the trust; 
(7) Disbursements related to environmental matters, including reclamation, assessing 
environmental conditions, remedying and removing environmental contamination, 
monitoring remedial activities and the release of substances, preventing future 
releases of substances, collecting amounts from persons liable or potentially liable 
for the costs of those activities, penalties imposed under environmental laws or 
regulations and other payments made to comply with those laws or regulations, 
statutory or common law claims by third parties, and defending claims based on 
environmental matters. 
(b) If a principal asset is encumbered with an obligation that requires income from that asset 
to be paid directly to the creditor, the trustee shall transfer from principal to income an 
amount equal to the income paid to the creditor in reduction of the principal balance of 
the obligation. 
§ 1327. Transfers from income to principal for depreciation. 
(a) As used in this section, "depreciation" means a reduction in value due to wear, tear, 
decay, corrosion, or gradual obsolescence of a fixed asset having a useful life of more 
than one year. 
(b) A trustee may transfer to principal a reasonable amount of the net cash receipts from a 
principal asset that is subject to depreciation, but shall not transfer any amount for 
depreciation under any of the following circumstances: 
EFTA00812653
--- PAGE 20 ---
(1) Any amount for depreciation of that portion of real property used or available for 
use by a beneficiary as a residence or of tangible personal property held or made 
available for the personal use or enjoyment of a beneficiary; 
(2) Any amount for depreciation during the administration of a decedent's estate; 
(3) Any amount for depreciation under this section if the trustee is accounting under 
§I312 of this chapter for the business or activity in which the asset is used. 
(c) An amount transferred to principal need not be held as a separate fund. 
§ 1328. Transfers from income to reimburse principal. 
(a) If a trustee makes or expects to make a principal disbursement described in this section, 
the trustee may transfer an appropriate amount from income to principal in one or more 
accounting periods to reimburse principal or to provide a reserve for future principal 
disbursements. 
(b) Principal disbursements to which subsection (a) of this section applies include all of the 
following, but only to the extent that the trustee has not been and does not expect to be 
reimbursed by a third party: 
(1) An amount chargeable to income but paid from principal because it is unusually 
large, including extraordinary repairs; 
(2) A capital improvement to a principal asset, whether in the form of changes to an 
existing asset or the construction of a new asset, including special assessments; 
(3) Disbursements made to prepare property for rental, including tenant allowances, 
leasehold improvements, and broker's commissions; 
(4) Periodic payments on an obligation secured by a principal asset to the extent that 
the amount transferred from income to principal for depreciation is less than the 
periodic payments; 
(5) Disbursements described in subsection (a)(7) of §1326 of this chapter. 
(d) If the asset whose ownership gives rise to the disbursements becomes subject to a 
successive income interest after an income interest ends, a trustee may continue to 
transfer amounts from income to principal as provided in subsection (a) of this section. 
§ 1329. Income taxes. 
(a) A tax required to be paid by a trustee based on receipts allocated to income shall be paid 
from income. 
EFTA00812654
--- PAGE 21 ---
(b) A tax required to be paid by a trustee based on receipts allocated to principal shall be paid 
from principal, even if the tax is called an income tax by the taxing authority. 
(c) A tax required to be paid by a trustee on the trust's share of an entity's taxable income 
shall be paid proportionately as follows: 
(1) From income, to the extent that receipts from the entity are allocated to income; 
(2) From principal, as follows: 
(i) 
To the extent that receipts from the entity are allocated to principal; and 
(ii) 
To the extent that the trust's share of the entity's taxable income exceeds 
the total receipts described in paragraphs (1) and (2)(i) of subsection (c) of 
this section. 
(iii) 
For purposes of this section, receipts allocated to principal or income shall 
be reduced by the amount distributed to a beneficiary from principal or 
income for which the trust receives a deduction in calculating the tax. 
§ 1330. Adjustments between principal and income because of taxes. 
(a) A fiduciary may make adjustments between principal and income to offset the shifting of 
economic interests or tax benefits between income beneficiaries and remainder 
beneficiaries that arise from any of the following: 
(1) Elections and decisions, other than those described in subsection (b) of this 
section, that the fiduciary makes from time to time regarding tax matters; 
(2) An income tax or any other tax that is imposed upon the fiduciary or a beneficiary 
as a result of a transaction involving or a distribution from the estate or trust; 
(3) The ownership by an estate or trust of an interest in an entity whose taxable 
income, whether or not distributed, is includable in the taxable income of the 
estate, trust, or beneficiary. 
(b) If the amount of an estate tax marital deduction or charitable contribution deduction is 
reduced because a fiduciary deducts an amount paid from principal for income tax 
purposes instead of deducting it for estate tax purposes, and as a result estate taxes paid 
from principal are increased and income taxes paid by an estate, trust, or beneficiary are 
decreased, each estate, trust, or beneficiary that benefits from the decrease in income tax 
shall reimburse the principal from which the increase in estate tax is paid. The total 
reimbursement shall equal the increase in the estate tax to the extent that the principal 
used to pay the increase would have qualified for a marital deduction or charitable 
contribution deduction but for the payment. The proportionate share of the 
reimbursement for each estate, trust, or beneficiary whose income taxes are reduced shall 
be the same as its proportionate share of the total decrease in income tax. An estate or 
trust shall reimburse principal from income. 
EFTA00812655
--- PAGE 22 ---
§ 1331. Application to existing trusts and estates. 
This chapter shall apply to every trust or decedent's estate existing on the date of enactment of 
the act which added this chapter, except as otherwise expressly provided in the will or terms of 
the trust or in §§ 1302 to 1331 of this chapter. 
EFTA00812656
--- PAGE 23 ---
EXPLANATION 
The bill adopts the Uniform Principal and Income Act (UPIA) which has been adopted by 
nearly all of the states of the United States although never in the Virgin Islands. Without a 
statute of this type, courts in the Virgin Island are ultimately charged with making 
determinations as to what constitutes principal or income in the context of accounting for trusts 
but without a definitive statutory standard. While common law exists on this subject, having 
uniformity in this subject area, as set forth in the UPIA, provides more certainty as to 
interpretation for trust settlors, trustees and executors, beneficiaries, and practitioners. Of 
course, this is a distinct advantage to a jurisdiction, like the Virgin Islands, which seeks to attract 
trusts and to develop and refine its laws relating to the providing of financial services both to 
residents and non-residents alike. 
The UPIA primarily addresses the determination of what is income versus what is 
principal for the receipts and disbursements of a trust or estate. This income versus principal 
determination flows from a distinctive characteristic of trusts and estates. These entities have 
two classes of owners; those that have an interest in the entity's income (income beneficiaries) 
and those having an interest in the principal (principal beneficiaries). Stated in accounting 
terminology, trusts and estates have two different equity interests - income and 
principal. Accordingly, the UPIA rules governing how a receipt or disbursement is to be 
categorized (principal versus income) will determine which equity interest holder is to receive 
the benefit of any receipt or whose interest will be reduced by a disbursement. This naturally 
creates a conflict: If a receipt is determined to be income, the income beneficiary will benefit to 
the detriment of the principal beneficiary, and vice versa. Therefore, beneficiaries will likely be 
sensitive to the fiduciary's determinations of income versus principal. 
To address these issues, the UPIA offers the concepts of principal and income as 
supported by definitions and specific default rules for determining how certain receipts or 
disbursements are to be so classified. The UPIA also offers maximum flexibility to those 
establishing trusts (or persons who are executing wills) by allowing them to override UPIA with 
their own income/principal classification rules. 
Adopting this statute will put the Virgin Islands in line with most other U.S. jurisdictions 
in this area of the law and it will make the Virgin Islands a more attractive jurisdiction for the 
establishment of trusts. 
EFTA00812657

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812658.pdf
----------------------------------------
1. Paradise 
2. Brick Paver 
3. Site White 
4. Fine Wine 
5. In the Navy. 
6. Starboard 
7. Red Bay 
8. Kaffee 
Earthen Ju 
1 
• 6 
EFTA00812658

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812659.pdf
----------------------------------------
Chervinskaya Anna 
Date of Birth: 
Marital status: Single, no children. 
Citizenship: Russia 
Residence address: Moscow lzmailovsky Prospect 73A 
E-mail: 
Mobile: + 
Education: 
Undergraduate 2011-2015: The design engineer with a degree in "Design and 
technology of electronic information systems and complexes" 
Master 2015-2017: Engineer in the specialty "Computer automation of production 
systems" 
During study she worked as an administrator and translator at the events: 
-HOMI furniture exhibition 2014-17 
-AquaTherm exhibition 2015-17 
-Hpo,a3iccno exhibition 2015-17 
-3KCIIOWIEKTPOHHICA2017 
-Cans 2016 
-SAP 4'OPYM MOCKBA 2016 (There are recommendations from employers) 
.And many other activities. 
EFTA00812659
--- PAGE 2 ---
- Participation in various scientific conferences 
- Publications in scientific journals 
- Iran Russia business forum 2015 in May 
I have skills: 
- Knowledge of PC (Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, ISUBD 
«CronosPro»); 
- Capable, if necessary, replace staff dealing with related issues - procurement, 
outsourcing, special assignments; 
- English Elementary (Upper-Intermediate). 
Additional information: 
- Driving license category B; 
- There are no bad habits. Versatile interests; 
- Possession of Altium Designer, SolidWorks. 
- Possession of Delphi, Java, Pithon, PHP, DHTML, UML. 
Personal qualities: 
Analytical mind, literate speech, performance, ability to predict, perseverance, 
attention, learning ability, results orientation, creativity. 
Qualities to work in a team: communicative, interpersonal skills, teamwork, 
activity, organizational skills. 
EFTA00812660

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812661.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E" <jeevacation®grnail.com> 
To: Iv'et 
ann rodriquez < 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 08 Jul 2018 19:11:07 +0000 
>, Daphne Wallace 
hangar leaks? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812661

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812662.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 08 Jul 2018 19:57:33 +0000 
Library hardware computer ceiling lights outdoor recover chairs throw out carpet throw blankets 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812662

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812663.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Gianni Serazzi
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 08 Jul 2018 08:31:33 +0000 
Will se Anna tomorrow afternoon when I arrive in milano 
She is with fashion, good agency. We have less models, more boutique 
Told her she is a friend of yours so if she wants to come with us she will be treated as a friend because she is 
friend of yours. Free accommodation, free cards, whatever percentage she thinks is fair. 
Alternatively I told her to please let me know what I can do for her and I will. 
A friend of Jeff is a friend of mine :) 
G 
On Sat, Jul 7, 2018, 3:24 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
a model friend is in milan . anna leibana. is there some one at the agency that can be helpful. . show her 
around invite to dinner etc. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812663

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812664.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 09:11:08 +0000 
time your house or mine/? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812664

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812665.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
' < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 09:12:16 +0000 
8:00? Whichever you prefer , I m easy 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 3 Nov 2016, at 10:11, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
time your house or mine/? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812665

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812666.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: LSJ GSJ
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 09:15:08 +0000 
lets get some of those big fluffy bath mats for paris. 
how are things going? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812666

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812667.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ' 
'
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 09:16:19 +0000 
830 yours? 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 10:12 AM, 
8:00? Whichever you prefer , I m easy 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 3 Nov 2016, at 10:11, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
time your house or mind? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812667

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812668.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00812668

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812669.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 09:33:57 +0000 
"The memory of such moments is my most precious possession. Maybe 
because they've been so few of them. A hundredth of a second here, a 
hundredth of a second there, even if you put them end to end they still add up to 
only one, two, perhaps three seconds snatched from eternity." 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
, and 
EFTA00812669

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812670.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: brice gordon 
To: Ann Rodriquez
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation 
Wallace 
ail.com>, Rich Kahn 
, Daphne 
Cashkim Bussue 
Subject: Re: PR Palms update: 13115607 & 13115585 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 18:06:23 +0000 
Johnny scheduled 8 am tomorrow morning 
On Mon, May 7, 2018 at 11:20 AM, Ann Rodriquez < 
> wrote: 
Headed to Mr. Henry in Subbase to drop off all paper work needed for clearing the Palms today. 
Brice, you can schedule Johnny for pickup first thing tomorrow morning. I'll forward pictures from Tropical in 
a few 
Ann R. 
On May 7, 2018, at 9:58 AM, Ann Rodriquez < 
> wrote: 
Palms are on St. Thomas. 
BOL 13115585 4 flat racks 
BOL 13115607 2 flat racks 
All 6 flat-racks Shipped out Friday 5/5 and arrived St. Thomas on Sunday 5/6 
I spoke with Mr. Oscar (
) at Tropical Shipping this morning. Oscar said that PR did not 
complete there side of entering the info needed for the BOL to be posted. 
Mr. Oscar asked Mr. Leonardo in PR to assist us with getting the BOL. As soon as I get the BOL I'll head 
down with all the paper work so Brice can schedule Johnny for pickup. 
I'll keep you posted... 
Ann R. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Oscar James  
Date: May 7, 2018 at 9:42:38 AM AST 
To: Leonardo Rodriguez 
Cc: " 
Subject: 13115607 & 13115585 
Annette Tones Miranda 
Good morning Leonardo, can you assist with the completion of these bl, customer is trying to clear customs 
and pick up plant. They are time sensitive.. 
EFTA00812670
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thank you, 
Oscar James 
Customer Care Representative 
<image003.jpg> 
Ann R. 
Brice Gordon 
The Saint James Group 
USVI 
Ph: 
EFTA00812671

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812672.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
' < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 09:52:07 +0000 
Great 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 03 Nov 2016, at 10:16, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
830 yours? 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 10:12 AM, 
wrote: 
8:00? Whichever you prefer , I m easy 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 3 Nov 2016, at 10:11, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
time your house or mine!? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00812672
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812673

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812674.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 10:23:02 +0000 
why? 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 11:13 AM, 
Jeffrey I'm not able to get up of bed... 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
and 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812674

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812675.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn ..tj 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 10:24:36 +0000 
lets get a new macbook pro for dining room, but start from scratch. no down loads from current. only skype, 
spotify, firefox chrome. google earth.. nothing more 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812675

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812676.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: •• 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 10:27:56 +0000 
i love the photo. study, 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 2:53 AM, 
wrote: 
I tried my first Japanese ramen today ! We should eat together , when you come back !!! 
c iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ja@gmail.com,
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812676

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812677.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: LSJ GSJ
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 10:33:39 +0000 
Ok will order 
Getting there will send a couple of photos 
All the best 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 5:15 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
lets get some of those big fluffy bath mats for paris. 
how are things going? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812677

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812678.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ramon Alonso  
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: Paola from Ramon's office 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 18:12:55 +0000 
Se was waiting for some retail prices from vendors and most are closed during the weekend. I understand she has 
already sent you the list, please let me know if you got it. 
Ramon Alonso 
On May 7, 2018, at 12:22 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
??? three days? 
Forwarded message  
From: Lesley Groff <1 
Date: Mon, May 7, 2018 at 10:56 AM 
Subject: Paola from Ramon's office 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Paola says she should have the list of dealer names and the retail pricing for you in about an hour...she 
apologizes it is taking longer...she is only given net pricing so she had to reach out and request the retail 
pricing...as soon as she has it put together she will email over...she hopes in an hour to be finished. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812678

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812679.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin A." <=IMI
> 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 11:23:32 +0000 
i am back 
"game theory of self' underway 
leads to a range of surprising new insights, 
a new kind of evolutionary dynamic 
EFTA00812679

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812680.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Nowak, Martin A." 5 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 11:24:17 +0000 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 12:23 PM, Nowak, Martin A. 5 
i am back 
"game theory of self' underway 
leads to a range of surprising new insights, 
a new kind of evolutionary dynamic 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812680

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812681.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Nowak, Martin A." .5 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 11:28:16 +0000 
strange results. we need a biology calculus, as the limit of time approaches zero . many defintions get 
funny, what is a state. 
does it have a time. awareness. self awareness. you get to division by zero, zero 
raised to the zero power . ? is it 1 or zero . or both. it appears both, what does that mean in game theory 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 12:23 PM, Nowak, Martin A. 
i am back 
"game theory of self' underway 
leads to a range of surprising new insights, 
a new kind of evolutionary dynamic 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812681

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812682.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Nowak, Martin A."
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:00:30 +0000 
if my error correction description of consiousness is right , it would be a natural consequence that when you lose 
it , your body goes into sleep mode to protect itself from harm. or fainting 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 12:23 PM, Nowak, Martin A. < 
> wrote: 
i am back 
"game theory of self' underway 
leads to a range of surprising new insights, 
a new kind of evolutionary dynamic 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812682

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812683.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin A." < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:03:44 +0000 
can we do Skype? 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 7:24 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 12:23 PM, Nowak, Martin A. < 
i am back 
"game theory of self" underway 
leads to a range of surprising new insights, 
a new kind of evolutionary dynamic 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00812683

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812684.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Nowak, Martin A."
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:08:04 +0000 
hour 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 1:03 PM, Nowak, Martin A. < 
> wrote: 
can we do Skype? 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 7:24 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
011 331 441 70210 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 12:23 PM, Nowak, Martin A. <1 
i am back 
"game theory of self' underway 
leads to a range of surprising new insights, 
a new kind of evolutionary dynamic 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812684
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812685

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812686.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin A."
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:23:18 +0000 
Attachments: Hauser et_a1-2016-Scientific_Reports.pdf 
think global act local 
first large scale solution for tragedy of the commons 
EFTA00812686

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812687.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin A." < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:25:35 +0000 
great 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 8:08 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
hour 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 1:03 PM, Nowak, Martin A. 
> wrote: 
can we do Skype? 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 7:24 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 12:23 PM, Nowak, Martin A. <1 
i am back 
"game theory of self' underway 
leads to a range of surprising new insights, 
a new kind of evolutionary dynamic 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812687
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812688

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812689.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: JEE MBP Configure - New MacBook Pro 15" 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:34:52 +0000 
I online is showing 4-5 weeks for new 15" 
please advise 
http://www.apple.comishop/buy-mac/macbook-pro/15-inch 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: fames ce I personal genius 
Subject: JEE MBP Configure 
Date: October 27, 2016 at 2:44:03 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn 
The announcement just finished, I'll have my newsletter out in a little bit. No iMacs, just laptops and a new 
app for AppleTV/i0S. 
Here is the configuration I think JEE would most likely want: 
15-inch MacBook Pro - Space Gray $4,299.00 
2.9GHz quad-core Intel Core 17 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.8GHz 
16GB 2133MHz memory 
2TB PCIe-based SSD 
Radeon Pro 460 with 4GB memory 
Backlit Keyboard (English) & User's Guide 
Four Thunderbolt 3 ports 
Touch Bar and Touch ID 
http://www.apple.com/shop/buy-mac/macbook-pro?product=MLH42LL/A&step=config#
The machine is available in Silver and Space Gray. I'm betting he'll want the darker. 
EFTA00812689
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEE uses -9000B of data, so we could reduce the cost of this machine by $800 if we dropped down to ITB 
drive, but couldn't get by with the 500GB option. (The 2TB option is ridiculously expensive IMHO.) 
If he wants to upgrade other staff, we probably want to keep them at 1TB or lower drives, or 13-inch 
models (I'll have configuration recommendations for that size soon.) 
,James Ce, your Personal Genius, 
http://personalgenius.us 
,James Ce, your Personal Genius, 
http://personalgenius.us 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812690

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812691.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Nowak, Martin A." 5 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:35:08 +0000 
i just tried 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 1:25 PM, Nowak, Martin A. 
> wrote: 
great 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 8:08 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
hour 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 1:03 PM, Nowak, Martin A.
can we do Skype? 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 7:24 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
011 331 441 70210 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 12:23 PM, Nowak, Martin A.
i am back 
"game theory of self' underway 
leads to a range of surprising new insights, 
a new kind of evolutionary dynamic 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> wrote: 
wrote: 
EFTA00812691
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812692

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812693.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn • 
Subject: Re: JEE MBP Configure - New MacBook Pro 15" 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:35:43 +0000 
full 2tb 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 1:34 PM, Richard Kahn 
wrote: 
I online is showing 4-5 weeks for new 15" 
please advise 
httplAvww.apple.com/shop/buy-mac/macbook-pro/15-inch 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: fames ce I personal genius 
Subject: JEE MBP Configure 
Date: October 27. 2016 at 2:44:03 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn 
The announcement just finished, I'll have my newsletter out in a little bit. No iMacs, just laptops and a 
new app for AppleTV/iOS. 
Here is the configuration I think JEE would most likely want: 
15-inch MacBook Pro - Space Gray $4,299.00 
2.9GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.8GHz 
16GB 2133MHz memory 
2TB PCIe-based SSD 
Radeon Pro 460 with 4GB memory 
Backlit Keyboard (English) & User's Guide 
Four Thunderbolt 3 ports 
Touch Bar and Touch ID 
http://www.apple.com/shop/buy-macimacbook-pro?product=MLH42LUMsstevconfig#
EFTA00812693
--- PAGE 2 ---
The machine is available in Silver and Space Gray. I'm betting he'll want the darker. 
JEE uses -9000B of data, so we could reduce the cost of this machine by $800 if we dropped down to 
1TB drive, but couldn't get by with the 500GB option. (The 2TB option is ridiculously expensive 
IMHO.) 
If he wants to upgrade other staff, we probably want to keep them at 1TB or lower drives, or 13-inch 
models (I'll have configuration recommendations for that size soon.) 
James Ce, your Personal Genius, 
http://personalgenius.us 
i,James Ce, your Personal Genius, 
http://personalgenius.us 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00812694
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812695

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812696.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: karen chekerdjian < 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: From Philippe Castro 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 14:32:24 +0000 
Oh I am so sorry !!! I did not see your answer! 
Maybe we can plan it one day in advance? 
Can we plan it for next week? I have 2 hectic days! 
I am going to paris on Tuesday, do you live there? We could even meet. 
Let me know 
karen 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 at 9:38 PM 
To: karen chekerdjian 
Subject: Re: From Philippe Castro 
now? my skype is jeevacation 
On Wed, Nov 2, 2016 at 2:25 PM, karen chekerdjian 
If you would like we can skype tonight. 
I am 1 hour ahead of paris. 
I am free around 8pm in paris. 
Where do you live? 
karen 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Tuesday, November 1, 2016 at 7:54 PM 
To: karen chekerdjian 
Cc: Philippe CASTRO 
Subject: From Philippe Castro 
Dear Karen, 
Philippe Castro give me your contact. Can we skype 
> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
wrote: 
EFTA00812696
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812697

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812698.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: '•
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 14:15:34 +0000 
paris apt 
On Thu, Nov 3 2016 at 3.01 PM, 
I cl 
wrote: 
dad, • 
and I had an interesting meeting one of Steve Cohen's guys.. wanted to tell you about it and 
ask your opinion. May we call you today? 
Leaving to SF Friday morning finally! 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812698

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812699.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: karen chekerdjian 
Subject: Re: From Philippe Castro 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 14:46:02 +0000 
http://aircraft-completion.com/designers/alberto-pinto/
thinking about colors design for bbj ::) 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 3:32 PM, karen chekerdjian •ca 
wrote: 
Oh I am so sorry111 1 did not see your answer! 
Maybe we can plan it one day in advance? 
Can we plan it for next week? I have 2 hectic days! 
I am going to paris on Tuesday , do you live there? We could even meet. 
Let me know 
karen 
From: "Jeffrey E." <Jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Wednesday, November 2, 2016 at 9:38 PM 
To: karen chekerdjian 
Subject: Re: From Philippe Castro 
now? my skype is jeevacation 
On Wed, Nov 2, 2016 at 2:25 PM, karen chekerdjian c
> 
If you would like we can skype tonight. 
I am 1 hour ahead of paris. 
I am free around 8pm in paris. 
Where do you live? 
karen 
wrote: 
From: "jeffrey E." cjeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Tuesday, November 1, 2016 at 7:54 PM 
To: karen chekerdjian 
Cc: Philippe CASTRO 
Subject: From Philippe Castro 
Dear Karen, 
Philippe Castro give me your contact. Can we skype 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00812699
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812700

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812701.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: gsj - master bedroom 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 14:58:30 +0000 
Attachments: IMG I095.JPG 
hi jeffrey, 
..i made a sample on the wall in the first bedroom on gsj with the vertical thin light gray lines with the distance 
in the between lines 8 inches. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 30, 2016 6:50 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
fun 
make sure you do the touch ups on Isj, also have you tried a large canvas for classical. 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 1:42 AM, ion nicola < 
b> wrote: 
..stripes in lavender bathroom. they are all same size, white and lavender. they look different because of the 
tape.. i will finish it on the ceiling too 
From: jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com>
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:52 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Yes 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
i just measured the ceiling lines.. and they are 5 inches, and the lines would go down on the wall.. 
should i keep 5 inches or do 4 inches? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:26 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
EFTA00812701
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola <
> wrote: 
i just measured the wall, and in the picture i've sent you one line is 9.6 inches. should i make it 7 inch? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 10:54 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Thinner 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning 
..i was thinking for the lavender bath on gsj to do some horizontal white stripes on the wall. both sides 
of the sink walls only and continuing on the ceiling too. 
in the attachment i photoshop-ed one image from yesterday. so it would look like in the picture.. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 4:56 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
closet doors yes 
On Sat, Oct 29, 2016 at 3:16 AM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i painted the lavender bathroom.. 
also i painted the closet doors.. i match them to the walls.. what do you think? 
should i paint the ceiling in the bathroom too? 
yesterday i did all the touch-ups in all cabanas on Isj. 
next week i will do the oil painting - detail of 'school of athens' 
ion 
EFTA00812702
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2016 6:24 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes„ it looks good. thnaks 
On Wed, Oct 26, 2016 at 10:09 PM, ion nicola < 
hi jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
..i've sent you today an e-mail with pictures from chilax bathroom with colors i put on the walls. 
did you get the e-mail? 
thank you, 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:11 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:10 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
ok. thanks 
the blue tape lines i put on the wall will be black.. 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:05 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
nice , have fun 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:03 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning, 
..i made the design on the wall using tape 1 inch and 1,5 inch for the lines. what do you think? 
i made it not symmetrical.. or should i do it symmetrical, somehow like in the last image 
attached? 
if we are going to do this design around the door and on the opposite wall where the mirror 
will be then maybe no horizontal lines on the sides walls.. it would be too much i guess. 
eventually the side walls could be that strong blue from the entrance, but more transparent.. 
so a little lighter.. 
what do you think? 
EFTA00812703
--- PAGE 4 ---
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:39 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 11:38 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
which image? no 1 or no 2? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:31 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
thinner lines . more delicate 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 9:47 PM, ion nicola *c
> wrote: 
..image nol..something like this, and somehow same design on the other wall where the 
sink is. on sides walls could be horizontal blue lines.. same strong blue like at the 
entrance 
or image not with a oblique squares design.. could be done with black or blue..same like 
at the entrance.., and i was thinking the cabinets under the sink could be blue or 
magenta. then on the opposite wall, we can put some orange..so you see thru the door 
the strong blue in the entrance room.. 
i think better if you are in the room to visualize it.. 
i dont know.., what do you think? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 9:24 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
image? 
i think you can use the chillax nath image i gave you. I would like lsj to finish . 
so there is no smell or mess when i return 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 8:45 PM, ion nicola < 
hi jeffrey, 
..i didn't know that you had to leave saturday.. 
i finished painting black the crown molding in chillax room.. 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812704
--- PAGE 5 ---
i have some ideas for chillax bathroom.. i'll show you when you get back..better if you 
are here, then we can think it together. 
is it ok if tomorrow i will work on gsj at lavender bedroom's bathroom? i was thinking 
for that doing some horizontal one feet(maybe less) wide lines. same lavender color.. 
a little darker maybe. so then will be horizontal lines.. white and lavender.. 
in lavender bedroom i have to do also closet's doors, and the ceiling. i will put some 
sample on the ceiling too.. 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 10, 2016 10:27 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
ill send some soon 
On Mon, Oct 10, 2016 at 8:10 AM, ion nicola c
> wrote: 
good morning! 
..anna told me you want me to paint 2 bedrooms in gsj.. can you give me some 
advise how would you like me to paint them? she said you will send me some images 
but i didnt get email from you.. 
thank you, 
ion 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812705
--- PAGE 6 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
OHM 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812706
--- PAGE 7 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00812707
--- PAGE 8 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00812708
--- PAGE 9 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812709

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812710.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: ion nicola
Subject: Re: gsj - master bedroom 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:00:13 +0000 
nice 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 3:58 PM, ion nicola
hi jeffrey, 
wrote: 
..i made a sample on the wall in the first bedroom on gsj with the vertical thin light gray lines with the 
distance in the between lines 8 inches. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. cleevacation@gmail com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 30, 2016 6:50 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
fun 
make sure you do the touch ups on Isj, also have you tried a large canvas for classical. 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 1:42 AM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
..stripes in lavender bathroom. they are all same size, white and lavender. they look different because of 
the tape.. i will finish it on the ceiling too 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:52 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Yes 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812710
--- PAGE 2 ---
i just measured the ceiling lines.. and they are 5 inches, and the lines would go down on the wall.. 
should i keep 5 inches or do 4 inches? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:26 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola *c
> wrote: 
i just measured the wall, and in the picture i've sent you one line is 9.6 inches. should i make it 7 inch? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 10:54 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Thinner 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
good morning 
> wrote: 
..i was thinking for the lavender bath on gsj to do some horizontal white stripes on the wall. both 
sides of the sink walls only and continuing on the ceiling too. 
in the attachment i photoshop-ed one image from yesterday. so it would look like in the picture.. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 4:56 AM 
EFTA00812711
--- PAGE 3 ---
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
closet doors yes 
On Sat, Oct 29, 2016 at 3:16 AM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i painted the lavender bathroom.. 
also i painted the closet doors.. i match them to the walls.. what do you think? 
should i paint the ceiling in the bathroom too? 
yesterday i did all the touch-ups in all cabanas on Isj. 
next week i will do the oil painting - detail of 'school of athens' 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2016 6:24 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes„ it looks good. thnaks 
On Wed, Oct 26, 2016 at 10:09 PM, ion nicola < 
hi jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
..i've sent you today an e-mail with pictures from chilax bathroom with colors i put on the 
walls. did you get the e-mail? 
EFTA00812712
--- PAGE 4 ---
thank you, 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:11 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:10 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
ok. thanks 
the blue tape lines i put on the wall will be black.. 
From: jeffrey E. cjeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:05 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
nice , have fun 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:03 AM, ion nicola c
> wrote: 
good morning, 
..i made the design on the wall using tape 1 inch and 1,5 inch for the lines. what do you 
think? i made it not symmetrical.. or should i do it symmetrical, somehow like in the last 
image attached? 
if we are going to do this design around the door and on the opposite wall where the mirror 
will be then maybe no horizontal lines on the sides walls.. it would be too much i guess. 
eventually the side walls could be that strong blue from the entrance, but more 
transparent.. so a little lighter.. 
what do you think? 
EFTA00812713
--- PAGE 5 ---
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:39 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 11:38 PM, ion nicola < 
which image? no 1 or no 2? 
> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:31 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
thinner lines . more delicate 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 9:47 PM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
..image nol..something like this, and somehow same design on the other wall where 
the sink is. on sides walls could be horizontal blue lines.. same strong blue like at the 
entrance 
or image not with a oblique squares design.. could be done with black or blue..same 
like at the entrance.., and i was thinking the cabinets under the sink could be blue or 
magenta. then on the opposite wall, we can put some orange..so you see thru the door 
the strong blue in the entrance room.. 
i think better if you are in the room to visualize it.. 
i dont know.., what do you think? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 9:24 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
image? 
i think you can use the chillax nath image i gave you. I would like Isj to finish 
. so there is no smell or mess when i return 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 8:45 PM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
EFTA00812714
--- PAGE 6 ---
hi jeffrey, 
..i didn't know that you had to leave saturday.. 
i finished painting black the crown molding in chillax room.. 
i have some ideas for chillax bathroom.. i'll show you when you get back..better if 
you are here, then we can think it together. 
is it ok if tomorrow i will work on gsj at lavender bedroom's bathroom? i was 
thinking for that doing some horizontal one feet(maybe less) wide lines. same 
lavender color.. a little darker maybe. so then will be horizontal lines.. white and 
lavender.. 
in lavender bedroom i have to do also closet's doors, and the ceiling. i will put some 
sample on the ceiling too.. 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 10, 2016 10:27 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
ill send some soon 
On Mon, Oct 10, 2016 at 8:10 AM, ion nicola c
> wrote: 
good morning! 
..anna told me you want me to paint 2 bedrooms in gsj.. can you give me some 
advise how would you like me to paint them? she said you will send me some 
images but i didnt get email from you.. 
thank you, 
EFTA00812715
--- PAGE 7 ---
ion 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00812716
--- PAGE 8 ---
return e-mail or bye-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00812717
--- PAGE 9 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
OHM 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00812718
--- PAGE 10 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
OHM 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00812719
--- PAGE 11 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812720

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812721.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:02:02 +0000 
..i've sent you yesterday pictures with the finished lavender bathroom and bedroom. did you get the e-mail 
with the pictures? 
also it was a picture with a sample yellow on the wall.. for the yellow bedroom.. 
From: jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 30, 2016 6:50 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
fun 
make sure you do the touch ups on Isj, also have you tried a large canvas for classical. 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 1:42 AM, ion nicola < 
1> wrote: 
..stripes in lavender bathroom. they are all same size, white and lavender. they look different because of the 
tape.. i will finish it on the ceiling too 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:52 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Yes 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
i just measured the ceiling lines.. and they are 5 inches, and the lines would go down on the wall.. 
should i keep 5 inches or do 4 inches? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:26 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
i just measured the wall, and in the picture i've sent you one line is 9.6 inches. should i make it 7 inch? 
EFTA00812721
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 10:54 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Thinner 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning 
..i was thinking for the lavender bath on gsj to do some horizontal white stripes on the wall. both sides 
of the sink walls only and continuing on the ceiling too. 
in the attachment i photoshop-ed one image from yesterday. so it would look like in the picture.. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 4:56 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
closet doors yes 
On Sat, Oct 29, 2016 at 3:16 AM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i painted the lavender bathroom.. 
also i painted the closet doors.. i match them to the walls.. what do you think? 
should i paint the ceiling in the bathroom too? 
yesterday i did all the touch-ups in all cabanas on Isj. 
next week i will do the oil painting - detail of 'school of athens' 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2016 6:24 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
EFTA00812722
--- PAGE 3 ---
yes„ it looks good. thnaks 
On Wed, Oct 26, 2016 at 10:09 PM, ion nicola < 
hi jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
..i've sent you today an e-mail with pictures from chilax bathroom with colors i put on the walls. 
did you get the e-mail? 
thank you, 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:11 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:10 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
ok. thanks 
the blue tape lines i put on the wall will be black.. 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:05 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
nice , have fun 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:03 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning, 
..i made the design on the wall using tape 1 inch and 1,5 inch for the lines. what do you think? 
i made it not symmetrical.. or should i do it symmetrical, somehow like in the last image 
attached? 
if we are going to do this design around the door and on the opposite wall where the mirror 
will be then maybe no horizontal lines on the sides walls.. it would be too much i guess. 
eventually the side walls could be that strong blue from the entrance, but more transparent.. 
so a little lighter.. 
what do you think? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:39 PM 
EFTA00812723
--- PAGE 4 ---
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 11:38 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
which image? no 1 or no 2? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:31 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
thinner lines . more delicate 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 9:47 PM, ion nicola *c
> wrote: 
..image nol..something like this, and somehow same design on the other wall where the 
sink is. on sides walls could be horizontal blue lines.. same strong blue like at the 
entrance 
or image not with a oblique squares design.. could be done with black or blue..same like 
at the entrance.., and i was thinking the cabinets under the sink could be blue or 
magenta. then on the opposite wall, we can put some orange..so you see thru the door 
the strong blue in the entrance room.. 
i think better if you are in the room to visualize it.. 
i dont know.., what do you think? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 9:24 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
image? 
i think you can use the chillax nath image i gave you. I would like Isj to finish . 
so there is no smell or mess when i return 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 8:45 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i didn't know that you had to leave saturday.. 
i finished painting black the crown molding in chillax room.. 
i have some ideas for chillax bathroom.. i'll show you when you get back..better if you 
are here, then we can think it together. 
is it ok if tomorrow i will work on gsj at lavender bedroom's bathroom? i was thinking 
for that doing some horizontal one feet(maybe less) wide lines. same lavender color.. 
a little darker maybe. so then will be horizontal lines.. white and lavender.. 
EFTA00812724
--- PAGE 5 ---
in lavender bedroom i have to do also closet's doors, and the ceiling. i will put some 
sample on the ceiling too.. 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 10, 2016 10:27 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
ill send some soon 
On Mon, Oct 10, 2016 at 8:10 AM, ion nicola c
> wrote: 
good morning! 
..anna told me you want me to paint 2 bedrooms in gsj.. can you give me some 
advise how would you like me to paint them? she said you will send me some images 
but i didnt get email from you.. 
thank you, 
ion 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00812725
--- PAGE 6 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
OHM 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812726
--- PAGE 7 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
MI* 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812727
--- PAGE 8 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812728
--- PAGE 9 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812729

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812730.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola
To: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: gsj - master bedroom 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:13:04 +0000 
..i will do then first bedroom with the vertical lines.. and at the end the other bedroom with the yellow.. 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, November 3, 2016 11:00 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - master bedroom 
nice 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 3:58 PM, ion nicola 
I> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i made a sample on the wall in the first bedroom on gsj with the vertical thin light gray lines with the 
distance in the between lines 8 inches. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent: Sunday, October 30, 2016 6:50 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
fun 
make sure you do the touch ups on Isj, also have you tried a large canvas for classical. 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 1:42 AM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
..stripes in lavender bathroom. they are all same size, white and lavender. they look different because of 
the tape.. i will finish it on the ceiling too 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:52 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Yes 
EFTA00812730
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola 
I> wrote: 
i just measured the ceiling lines.. and they are 5 inches, and the lines would go down on the wall.. 
should i keep 5 inches or do 4 inches? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:26 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
i just measured the wall, and in the picture i've sent you one line is 9.6 inches. should i make it 7 inch? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 10:54 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Thinner 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning 
..i was thinking for the lavender bath on gsj to do some horizontal white stripes on the wall. both 
sides of the sink walls only and continuing on the ceiling too. 
in the attachment i photoshop-ed one image from yesterday. so it would look like in the picture.. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 4:56 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
closet doors yes 
On Sat, Oct 29, 2016 at 3:16 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i painted the lavender bathroom.. 
also i painted the closet doors.. i match them to the walls.. what do you think? 
EFTA00812731
--- PAGE 3 ---
should i paint the ceiling in the bathroom too? 
yesterday i did all the touch-ups in all cabanas on lsj. 
next week i will do the oil painting - detail of 'school of athens' 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2016 6:24 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes„ it looks good. thnaks 
On Wed, Oct 26, 2016 at 10:09 PM, ion nicola *c
> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i've sent you today an e-mail with pictures from chilax bathroom with colors i put on the 
walls. did you get the e-mail? 
thank you, 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 201611:11 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:10 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
ok. thanks 
the blue tape lines i put on the wall will be black.. 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:05 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
nice , have fun 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:03 AM, ion nicola <
> wrote: 
EFTA00812732
--- PAGE 4 ---
good morning, 
..i made the design on the wall using tape 1 inch and 1,5 inch for the lines. what do you 
think? i made it not symmetrical.. or should i do it symmetrical, somehow like in the last 
image attached? 
if we are going to do this design around the door and on the opposite wall where the mirror 
will be then maybe no horizontal lines on the sides walls.. it would be too much i guess. 
eventually the side walls could be that strong blue from the entrance, but more 
transparent.. so a little lighter.. 
what do you think? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:39 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 11:38 PM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
which image? no 1 or no 2? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:31 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
thinner lines . more delicate 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 9:47 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..image nol..something like this, and somehow same design on the other wall where 
the sink is. on sides walls could be horizontal blue lines.. same strong blue like at the 
entrance 
or image not with a oblique squares design.. could be done with black or blue..same 
like at the entrance.., and i was thinking the cabinets under the sink could be blue or 
magenta. then on the opposite wall, we can put some orange..so you see thru the door 
the strong blue in the entrance room.. 
i think better if you are in the room to visualize it.. 
i dont know.., what do you think? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 9:24 PM 
EFTA00812733
--- PAGE 5 ---
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
image? 
i think you can use the chillax nath image i gave you. I would like lsj to finish 
. so there is no smell or mess when i return 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 8:45 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i didn't know that you had to leave saturday.. 
i finished painting black the crown molding in chillax room.. 
i have some ideas for chillax bathroom.. i'll show you when you get back..better if 
you are here, then we can think it together. 
is it ok if tomorrow i will work on gsj at lavender bedroom's bathroom? i was 
thinking for that doing some horizontal one feet(maybe less) wide lines. same 
lavender color.. a little darker maybe. so then will be horizontal lines.. white and 
lavender.. 
in lavender bedroom i have to do also closet's doors, and the ceiling. i will put some 
sample on the ceiling too.. 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 10, 2016 10:27 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
ill send some soon 
On Mon, Oct 10, 2016 at 8:10 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning! 
..anna told me you want me to paint 2 bedrooms in gsj.. can you give me some 
advise how would you like me to paint them? she said you will send me some 
images but i didnt get email from you.. 
thank you, 
ion 
please note 
EFTA00812734
--- PAGE 6 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812735
--- PAGE 7 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
OHM 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812736
--- PAGE 8 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812737
--- PAGE 9 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or bye-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00812738
--- PAGE 10 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812739

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812740.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ion nicola czl 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:14:18 +0000 
sorry the closet doors should be lavendar as well. and the yellow too pale it should be bright more children 
room like 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 4:02 PM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
..i've sent you yesterday pictures with the finished lavender bathroom and bedroom. did you get the e-mail 
with the pictures? 
also it was a picture with a sample yellow on the wall.. for the yellow bedroom.. 
From: Jeffrey E. <Jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent: Sunday, October 30, 2016 6:50 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
fun 
make sure you do the touch ups on Isj, also have you tried a large canvas for classical. 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 1:42 AM, ion nicola
> wrote: 
..stripes in lavender bathroom. they are all same size, white and lavender. they look different because of 
the tape.. i will finish it on the ceiling too 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:52 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Yes 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola
> wrote: 
i just measured the ceiling lines.. and they are 5 inches, and the lines would go down on the wall.. 
should i keep 5 inches or do 4 inches? 
EFTA00812740
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:26 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola *c
> wrote: 
i just measured the wall, and in the picture i've sent you one line is 9.6 inches. should i make it 7 inch? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 10:54 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Thinner 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
good morning 
> wrote: 
..i was thinking for the lavender bath on gsj to do some horizontal white stripes on the wall. both 
sides of the sink walls only and continuing on the ceiling too. 
in the attachment i photoshop-ed one image from yesterday. so it would look like in the picture.. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 4:56 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
closet doors yes 
On Sat, Oct 29, 2016 at 3:16 AM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812741
--- PAGE 3 ---
hi jeffrey, 
..i painted the lavender bathroom.. 
also i painted the closet doors.. i match them to the walls.. what do you think? 
should i paint the ceiling in the bathroom too? 
yesterday i did all the touch-ups in all cabanas on Isj. 
next week i will do the oil painting - detail of 'school of athens' 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2016 6:24 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes„ it looks good. thnaks 
On Wed, Oct 26, 2016 at 10:09 PM, ion nicola < 
hi jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
..i've sent you today an e-mail with pictures from chilax bathroom with colors i put on the 
walls. did you get the e-mail? 
thank you, 
ion 
EFTA00812742
--- PAGE 4 ---
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:11 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:10 AM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
ok. thanks 
the blue tape lines i put on the wall will be black.. 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:05 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
nice , have fun 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:03 AM, ion nicola < 
good morning, 
> wrote: 
..i made the design on the wall using tape 1 inch and 1,5 inch for the lines. what do you 
think? i made it not symmetrical.. or should i do it symmetrical, somehow like in the last 
image attached? 
if we are going to do this design around the door and on the opposite wall where the mirror 
will be then maybe no horizontal lines on the sides walls.. it would be too much i guess. 
eventually the side walls could be that strong blue from the entrance, but more 
transparent.. so a little lighter.. 
what do you think? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:39 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
EFTA00812743
--- PAGE 5 ---
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 11:38 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
which image? no 1 or no 2? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:31 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
thinner lines . more delicate 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 9:47 PM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
..image nol..something like this, and somehow same design on the other wall where 
the sink is. on sides walls could be horizontal blue lines.. same strong blue like at the 
entrance 
or image not with a oblique squares design.. could be done with black or blue..same 
like at the entrance.., and i was thinking the cabinets under the sink could be blue or 
magenta. then on the opposite wall, we can put some orange..so you see thru the door 
the strong blue in the entrance room.. 
i think better if you are in the room to visualize it.. 
i dont know.., what do you think? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 9:24 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
image? 
i think you can use the chillax nath image i gave you. I would like Isj to finish 
. so there is no smell or mess when i return 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 8:45 PM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i didn't know that you had to leave saturday.. 
i finished painting black the crown molding in chillax room.. 
EFTA00812744
--- PAGE 6 ---
i have some ideas for chillax bathroom.. I'll show you when you get back..better if 
you are here, then we can think it together. 
is it ok if tomorrow i will work on gsj at lavender bedroom's bathroom? i was 
thinking for that doing some horizontal one feet(maybe less) wide lines. same 
lavender color.. a little darker maybe. so then will be horizontal lines.. white and 
lavender.. 
in lavender bedroom i have to do also closet's doors, and the ceiling. i will put some 
sample on the ceiling too.. 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 10, 2016 10:27 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
ill send some soon 
On Mon, Oct 10, 2016 at 8:10 AM, ion nicola c
> wrote: 
good morning! 
..anna told me you want me to paint 2 bedrooms in gsj.. can you give me some 
advise how would you like me to paint them? she said you will send me some 
images but i didnt get email from you.. 
thank you, 
ion 
EFTA00812745
--- PAGE 7 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
MM. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812746
--- PAGE 8 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812747
--- PAGE 9 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00812748
--- PAGE 10 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
OHM 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00812749
--- PAGE 11 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812750

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812751.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:15:23 +0000 
remind IN that new years is coming he should understand 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 3:01 PM, 
wrote: 
dad, 
and I had an interesting meeting one of Steve Cohen's guys.. wanted to tell you about it and 
ask your opinion. May we call you today? 
Leaving to SF Friday morning finally! 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812751

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812752.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez <
IMIla> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Great 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:18:57 +0000 
yes 
Ann R. 
> On Nov 3, 2016, at 11:12 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
> <9E0E7BA7-717B-499F-A2CE-64BD7925AB39.JPG> 
EFTA00812752

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812753.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:31:32 +0000 
wasnt bob millard your buddy 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812753

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812754.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates
To: 'jeffrey E.' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:35:52 +0000 
No who is that where are you 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:Jeevacation@gmail.comJ 
Sent: Thursday, November 03, 2016 11:32 AM 
To: Faith Kates 
Subject: 
wasnt bob millard your buddy 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812754

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812755.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:37:27 +0000 
pari s 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 4:35 PM, Faith Kates 
No who is that where are you 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacSg
i 
mail com 
Sent: Thursday, November 03, 2016 11:32 AM 
To: Faith Kates 
Subject: 
wasnt bob millard your buddy 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812755
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812756

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812757.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:
Subject: Fwd: Pictures 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:42:22 +0000 
Inline-Images: image2.JPG; imagel .JPG 
Forwarded message 
From: Karyna Shuliak -4 
Date: Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 4:39 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Pictures 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Mervin Dela cruz
Date: November 3, 2016 at 11:35:50 AM EDT 
To: Karyna Shuliak
Subject: Re: Pictures 
GJ 
Mervin Dela Cruz 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 10:26 AM, Karyna Shuliak < 
wrote: 
Hi Merwin, 
The ottoman should be in the middle where the current coffee table is, meaning the current coffee table 
should be removed from the room please. 
Thanks. 
EFTA00812757
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Nov 3, 2016, at 10:23 AM, Merwin Dela cruz < 
<IMG_2920.JPG> 
<IMG_2921.JPG> 
Merwin Dela Cruz 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812758

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812759.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joi Ito 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Bob 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 15:49:17 +0000 
He likes you too. Should be a fun meeting. 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 8:47 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
bobs great, i didnt know he was there 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 4:36 PM, Joi Ito < 
wrote: 
You guys are kind of like the flinstones... ;-) 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 8:32 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
back in the day, sounds like the flintstones 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 3:35 PM, Joi Ito <Ma 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey. 
I think you know Bob Millard from "back in the day." 
I don't know if you know, but he's the chairman of MIT, my boss's boss's boss's boss. We were 
comparing notes on mutual friends and you came up. Could we get together sometime in Boston or NYC 
sometime? 
- Joi 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812759
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812760

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812761.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Itinerary for 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 19:04:35 +0000 
Attachments: 
14MAYI8 MMXRQD 
MMXRQD.pdf; MMXRQD_ItineraryCalendar.ics 
Ticket for 
$608.46 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "American Exp 
Subject: Itinerary for 
14MAY18 MMXRQD 
Date: May 7, 2018 at 2:59:06 PM EDT 
To: 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that 
cannot accept incoming messages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion Travel 
Service at 1-877-877-0987. 
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by visiting: 
https://myamextravel.com/baggage
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in the email. Please refer to the PDF attachment and 
itinerary for more details regarding your travel arrangements. Your Centurion Travel Service travel 
plans have been posted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your trip details and 
add link to your bookmarked favorites for easy access in the future: 
View your Trips 
American Express Travel MMXRQD 
Record Locator 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until 
ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:52 AM on May 08, or this 
entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Monday 14 May 18 
Other Information 
EFTA00812761
--- PAGE 2 ---
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO FRANCE 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION- SCHENGEN VISA 
Flight Information 
Date 
Airline 
Airline Record Locator 
FlighUClass 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Estimated Time 
Stops 
Confirmed 
Thursday 17 May 18 
Flight Information 
Date 
Airline 
Operated By 
Airline Record Locator 
FlighUClass 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Estimated Time 
Stops 
Confirmed 
May 2018 
Aeroflot 
PWRFXM 
SU 2452 Q Economy Class 
Moscow, Sheremetyevo 
Paris, Charles De Gaulle 
07:40 AM 
10:35 AM 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Terminal 2 C 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Non-stop 
May 2018 
Aeroflot 
Air France 
PWRFXM 
SU 3001 N Economy Class 
Paris, Charles De Gaulle 
Moscow, Sheremetyevo 
09:30 AM 
02:10 PM 
Terminal 2 E 
Terminal E - International 
Hrs 40 Mins 
Non-stop 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review www.Visacentral.com/amex for 
the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel destination. Due to frequent 
changes, American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and 
expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on that site. 
EFTA00812762
--- PAGE 3 ---
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email marketing 
offers from American Express. For details about our e-mail practices, please review the American 
Express Privacy Statement at www.americanexpress.com/privacy
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to 
website below to download and install this free software. 
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily 
resort or facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out 
from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, 
subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers 
and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage 
to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel 
suppliers, including but not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of 
operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) 
acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public internet, 
telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other cause beyond 
the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that 
meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as 
a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives 
for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our 
travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and 
administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to our marketing 
channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we 
receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other 
American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may 
enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and 
recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and 
your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we 
identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
California State Seller of Travel Re istration Number: 
Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI 
. Iowa: TA#M Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA00812763
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00812764

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812765.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 16:05:08 +0000 
Attachments: 9E0E7BA7-717B-499F-A2CE-64BD7925AB39.JPG 
EFTA00812765

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812766.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com>
To: 
Subject: Re 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 16:56:01 +0000 
Ok 
On Thu day, 3 November 2016, 
> wrote: 
is asking if she could go for a haircut at Fekkai's this Friday. Please advise if ok for me to make her 
appointment. 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812766

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812767.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 17:48:30 +0000 
if ludan wants to come tonite i will be home a 2300 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812767

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812768.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "ieffrey E." <leevacation@grnail.com>
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 19:16:46 +0000 
1030 thx 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016, 
safe arrived!OOLudan will come around 9:30! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812768

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812769.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 20:33:46 +0000 
??9
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812769

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812770.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: St: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 20:52:20 +0OOO 
you are welcome lshe is on the way 
&4A: jeffrey E. cjeevacation@gmail.com> 
SWIM: 2010:F11)13El 19:16 
IR: Re: 
1030 thx 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016 
safe arrivedln.tudan will come around 9:301 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00812770

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812771.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 21:00:55 +0000 
Tell her 1100 not 10 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016 
wrote: 
you are welcome lshe is on the way 
*#A: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
MOIR: 2016kfll 3a 19:16 
ISSA 
Re: 
1030 thx 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016 
OHM 
safe arrivedlOOLudan will come around 9:301 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
wrote: 
EFTA00812771
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812772

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812773.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey E. <jeevaeation(kgmail.com> 
Subject: o  1, Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 21:10:45 +0000 
Ludan is arrived, she is in the downstairs she is ringing the doorbell but nobody open for her... 
,##A: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
&WIN: 2016Ef11A 3 El 19:16 
LEZ4A 
In: Re: 
1030 thx 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016 
safe arrived!....Ludan will come around 9:30! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00812773

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812774.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: gx, 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 21:19:29 +0000 
aren't you at home? 
&Lk: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
&ANA: 2016Zg11A 3 
21:00 
LikicA 
In: Re: 
Tell her 1100 not 10 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016, 
you are welcome!she is on the way 
> wrote: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
&ANA: 2016*111E1319 19:16 
Ittita 
Re: 
1030 thx 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016, 
safe arrived!....Ludan will come around 9:30! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812774
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812775

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812776.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.eom> 
To 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 21:51:27 +0000 
Did she wait 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016, 
aren't you at home? 
> wrote: 
&fcX: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
&ABM: 2016/T11R3El 21:00 
VicA 
In: Re: 
Tell her 1100 not 10 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016 
> wrote: 
you are welcome!she is on the way 
jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> 
&ARIA: 2016/T11.A3 a 19:16 
liV4A 
: Re: 
1030 thx 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016 
<I 
safe arrived! 
Ludan will come around 9:30! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812776
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
MN! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812777

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812778.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 22:13:32 +0000 
Thx 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812778

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812779.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacationggmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Igt: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 22:19:49 +0000 
home now? 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 10:19 PM 
aren't you at home? 
> wrote: 
k4A: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
&ABM: 2016IEP11  3 B 21:00 
1814AI 
In: Re: 
Tell her 1100 not 10 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016 
you are welcome!she is on the way 
> wrote: 
&itA: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
&ANA: 2016*11 3 El 19:16 
tISE4A 
In: Re: 
1030 thx 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016 
ci
safe arrived! :::: 
Ludan will come around 9:30! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
I> wrote: 
EFTA00812779
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
MN! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812780

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812781.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 19:39:57 +0000 
Rich said faith is family and she is being lied to -taken advantage of -and abused . Probably stealing though faith 
refuses to believe it 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812781

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812782.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 22:33:06 +0000 
Thank you! The application requests to submit the estimated financials for the next three years - 1) how much we 
are planning to raise (per year) 2) how much are we planning to give away 3) salaries (only my salary) 
On Thursday, November 3, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Foundation 
On Thursday, 3 November 2016, 
wrote: 
Would it be better for me to get the salary from 
or from 
Peter suggested I will be getting 
the system) 
once 
becomes profitable (they are still fixing the bugs in 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00812782

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812783.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
CC: '
Subject: Trading algorithm 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 22:33:40 +0000 
Attachments: Algorithm_Presentation.pptx 
Dear Jeffrey 
I would like to present you my talented cousin 
He studied finance in USA and in London. 
created trading currencies algorithm and would like you to take a look at it. The presentation is attached. Maybe 
you can Skype with him and see if this algorithm can be of any use for you in your trading activities ? 
Kind re ards 
EFTA00812783

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812784.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 23:24:33 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2016-09-03_at_7.37.24_AM.png 
clean lines. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Online image 1 
EFTA00812784

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812785.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 23:54:30 +0000 
good luck tomorw 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812785

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812786.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alesia 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 23:58:30 +0000 
Hope you well ! I have a friend . She's 21. But black . Very beautiful though. Are you interested ?! 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00812786

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812787.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Alesia < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 23:59:35 +0000 
photo? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 12:58 AM, Alesia < 
wrote: 
Hope you well ! I have a friend . She's 21. But black . Very beautiful though. Are you interested ?! 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812787

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812788.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 01:11:31 +0000 
Thank you so much! 
I'll do my best! 
On Thursday, November 3, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
good luck tomorw 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812788

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812789.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 01:38:03 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 1498.jpg; IMG 3424.jpg 
shes more beautiful in life. 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 7:59 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
photo? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 12:58 AM, Alesia 
wrote: 
Hope you well ! I have a friend . She's 21. But black . Very beautiful though. Are you interested ?! 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
WE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812789

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812790.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Reminder: 4pm call 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 19:51:16 +0000 
Reminder: 4pm call 
EFTA00812790

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812791.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Barbro Ehnbom 
Subject: Re: Book 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 08:58:30 +0000 
zero 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:07 AM, Barbro Ehnbom 
What a horrible book!! 
Can you sue him?? 
• or get a percentage! 
Kram 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00812791

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812792.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Jabor Y."
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 09:01:08 +0000 
i am delayed one day in paris. arrive sunday at 6 pm. sorry , but hope to see you , i stay till monday at 4 . 
then saudi 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812792

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812793.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Afri zp
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 09:01:15 +0000 
i am delayed one day in paris. arrive sunday at 6 pm. sorry , but hope to see you , i stay till monday at 4 . 
then saudi 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812793

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812794.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild"  
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 09:25:48 +0000 
do you think the local taxi driver would understand that though served on a silver platter , surrounded by 
specially fragranced candles. , combined, you and I ate less than his child did last night :) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812794

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812795.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Linda PINTO 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 09:33:48 +0000 
Alberto would have been extremely proud of you , watching you sign books. it was a treat. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812795

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812796.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Michael Wolff 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 09:39:21 +0000 
megan kelly is going to keep your boy roger in the news for a long time. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812796

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812797.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Afri zp
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 10:04:49 +0000 
Ok cu. How long are u staying 
Le 4 nov. 2016 A 12:01, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> a &fit : 
i am delayed one day in paris. arrive sunday at 6 pm. sorry , but hope to see you , i stay till monday at 4 . 
then saudi 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812797

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812798.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Afri zp
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 10:14:52 +0000 
till mond at 4 then saudi till wed , then i m not sure 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 11:04 AM, Afri zp < 
wrote: 
Ok cu. How long are u staying 
Le 4 nov. 2016 a 12:01, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> a emit : 
i am delayed one day in paris. arrive sunday at 6 pm. sorry , but hope to see you , i stay till monday at 4 . 
then saudi 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812798

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812799.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
' < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 11:06:46 +0000 
No!! Imagine an African! 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 4 Nov 2016, at 10:25, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
do you think the local taxi driver would understand that though served on a silver platter , surrounded by 
specially fragranced candles. , combined, you and I ate less than his child did last night :) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812799

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812800.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "Jabor Y."
Subject: can you help 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 11:10:33 +0000 
Forwarded message  
From: Tango Team <1 
Date: Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 5:40 AM 
Subject: N212JE / atar letter status 
To: Dave Rodgers  
 , Tango Team
Pardon Dave, 
I mentioned earlier, when we would be able to expect the invite letter from the passenger, to provide to Qatar for the 
landing permission? We are close to running out of time. 
Respectfully, 
Ila Wagner 
Tango Team 
Trip Support Services 
Team E-mail: 
Universal Weather & Aviation, Inc. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812800
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812801

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812802.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 11:17:02 +0000 
campaigns keeps gettign uglier - as you predicted . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812802

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812803.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 11:17:58 +0000 
what does she do? need ? how are you? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 2:11 AM 
Thank you so much! 
I'll do my best! 
> wrote: 
On Thursday, November 3, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
good luck tomorw 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812803

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812804.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Alesia ." 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 11:19:19 +0000 
what does she do? want ? how are you? , these photos are old. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 2:38 AM, Alesia < 
wrote: 
sties more beautiful in life. 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 7:59 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.cotn> wrote: 
photo? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 12:58 AM, Alesia < 
wrote: 
Hope you well ! I have a friend . She's 21. But black . Very beautiful though. Are you interested ?! 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812804
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812805

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812806.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 11:31:21 -4)000 
Thank you Jeffrey! 
I feel the luckiest! Not just today, but everyday 
EFTA00812806

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812807.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jabor Y."
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: can you help 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 11:54:02 +0000 
Yes, within half an hour. 
On Friday, November 4, 2016, jeffrey E. leeyacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Forwarded message  
From: Tango Team <1 
Date: Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 5:40 AM 
Subject: N212JE / 'Qatar letter status 
To: Dave Rodgers < 
>, Tango Team 
Pardon Dave, 
I mentioned earlier, when we would be able to expect the invite letter from the passenger, to provide to Qatar for the 
landing permission? We are close to running out of time. 
Respectfully, 
Ila Wagner 
Tango Team 
Trip Support Services 
Team E-mail: 
Universal Weather & Aviation, Inc. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
WE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00812807
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812808

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812809.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jefffrey E • c <' • • t• 
Ma:gmail.com> 
Subject: Ticket fo 
OK to Send to Her? (MMXRQD) 
Date: Mon 07 May 2018 20-"
-42 +0000 
Attachments: 
-MMXRQD.pdf; MMXRQD_ItineraryCalendar.ics 
OK to send ticket lc 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "American Express Travel" < 
Subject: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
Date: May 7, 2018 at 3:21:20 PM EDT 
To: 
14MAY18 MMXRQD 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that 
cannot accept incoming messages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion Travel 
Service at 1-877-877-0987. 
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by visiting: 
https://myamextravel.com/baggage
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in the email. Please refer to the PDF attachment and 
itinerary for more details regarding your travel arrangements. Your Centurion Travel Service travel 
plans have been posted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your trip details and 
add link to your bookmarked favorites for easy access in the future: 
View your Trips 
American Express Travel MMXRQD 
Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Ticket SU 5557143462475-07MAY 
Monday 14 May 18 
Other Information 
EFTA00812809
--- PAGE 2 ---
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO FRANCE 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION- SCHENGEN VISA 
Flight Information 
Date 
Airline 
Airline Record Locator 
FlighUClass 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Estimated Time 
Stops 
Confirmed 
Thursday 17 May 18 
Flight Information 
Date 
Airline 
Operated By 
Airline Record Locator 
FlighUClass 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Estimated Time 
Stops 
Confirmed 
May 2018 
Aeroflot 
PWRFXM 
SU 2452 Q Economy Class 
Moscow, Sheremetyevo 
Paris, Charles De Gaulle 
07:40 AM 
10:35 AM 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Terminal 2 C 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Non-stop 
May 2018 
Aeroflot 
Air France 
PWRFXM 
SU 3001 N Economy Class 
Paris, Charles De Gaulle 
Moscow, Sheremetyevo 
09:30 AM 
02:10 PM 
Terminal 2 E 
Terminal E - International 
Hrs 40 Mins 
Non-stop 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review www.Visacentral.com/amex for 
the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel destination. Due to frequent 
changes, American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and 
expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on that site. 
EFTA00812810
--- PAGE 3 ---
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email marketing 
offers from American Express. For details about our e-mail practices, please review the American 
Express Privacy Statement at www.americanexpress.com/privacy
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to 
website below to download and install this free software. 
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily 
resort or facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out 
from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, 
subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers 
and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage 
to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel 
suppliers, including but not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of 
operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) 
acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public internet, 
telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other cause beyond 
the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that 
meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as 
a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives 
for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our 
travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and 
administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to our marketing 
channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we 
receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other 
American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may 
enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and 
recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and 
your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we 
identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
California State Seller of Travel Re istration Number: 
Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI# 
Iowa: TA 
Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA00812811
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00812812

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812813.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Michael Wolff 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 11:56:27 +0000 
I'll say. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 5:39 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
megan kelly is going to keep your boy roger in the news for a long time. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812813

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812814.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Dangene and Jennie Enterprise < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: COD and Losses 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 12:23:29 +0000 
Attachments: Jennie_ Loss_ Analysis.pdf 
Inline-Images: EWLarge2.jpg 
time to chat later? 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise
Founder & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 
I Mobile: 
www.coreaccess.net 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Gigi Boudreaux
Subject: COD and Losses 
Date: October 28, 2016 at 9:29:36 AM EDT 
To: Jennie Enterprise
EFTA00812814

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812815.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Zubair Khan • 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Election Update 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 12:43:32 +0000 
Attachments: Election_Update_4Nov.pdf 
Hi Jeffrey, 
According to InsightsPod Trump is more popular. We processed 3 million tweets this week. 
I have attached detailed report. 
Regards, 
Zubair 
On Oct 9, 2016, at 4:06 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
jeevacation 
On Sat, Oct 8, 2016 at 11:20 PM, Zubair Khan < 
wrote: 
What is your Skype ID? 
Thanks. 
On Saturday, 8 October 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Yes 
On Sat, Oct 8, 2016 at 7:07 AM, Zubair Khan < 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Are you available to talk today? 
Regards, 
Zubair 
On Oct 6, 2016, at 11:24 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
skyype good this weekend? 
On Thu, Oct 6, 2016 at 5:42 AM, Zubair Khan < 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Just wondered if you have time to discuss the business plan of InsightsPod on Skype or if you 
prefer I can meet you in person after 19th Oct. 
Regards, 
EFTA00812815
--- PAGE 2 ---
Zubair 
On Sunday, 25 September 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Skype this week? 
On Sunday, 25 September 2016, Zubair Khan < 
Hi Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
Please find attached InsightsPod business plan for your consideration. 
Since Twitter is live streaming the presidential debates, the social media activity will accelerate 
and it will help us in making better predictions of outcome. It was apparent from the US Election 
report, which I sent you previously that we need a Data Scientist who can translate our data into 
better insights. Taking this into account I hope you can help us by backing this venture. 
Thanks, 
Zubair 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Best regards, 
Zubair Khan 
Chief Executive Officer I Tranchulas 
London I San Francisco I Auckland I Islamabad 
email: 
I web: www.tranchulas.com 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00812816
--- PAGE 3 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Best regards, 
Zubair Khan 
Chief Executive Officer I Tranchulas 
London i San Francisco I Auckland I Islamabad 
email: 
I web: www.tranchulas.com 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812817

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812818.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Zubair Khan 
Subject: Re: Election Update 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 12:46:37 +0000 
thats in the popular vote , not talking into account the elctoral college? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 1:43 PM, Zubair Khan 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
According to InsightsPod Trump is more popular. We processed 3 million tweets this week. 
I have attached detailed report. 
Regards, 
Zubair 
On Oct 9, 2016, at 4:06 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
jeevacation 
On Sat, Oct 8, 2016 at 11:20 PM, Zubair Khan < 
wrote: 
What is your Skype ID? 
Thanks. 
On Saturday, 8 October 2016, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Yes 
On Sat, Oct 8, 2016 at 7:07 AM, Zubair Khan ca 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Are you available to talk today? 
Regards, 
Zubair 
On Oct 6, 2016, at 11:24 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
skyype good this weekend? 
On Thu, Oct 6, 2016 at 5:42 AM, Zubair Khan < 
Hi Jeffrey, 
wrote: 
Just wondered if you have time to discuss the business plan of InsightsPod on Skype or if you 
prefer I can meet you in person after 19th Oct. 
EFTA00812818
--- PAGE 2 ---
Regards, 
Zubair 
On Sunday, 25 September 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Skype this week? 
On Sunday, 25 September 2016, Zubair Khan < 
Hi Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
Please find attached InsightsPod business plan for your consideration. 
Since Twitter is live streaming the presidential debates, the social media activity will 
accelerate and it will help us in making better predictions of outcome. It was apparent from the 
US Election report, which I sent you previously that we need a Data Scientist who can 
translate our data into better insights. Taking this into account I hope you can help us by 
backing this venture. 
Thanks, 
Zubair 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Best regards, 
Zubair Khan 
Chief Executive Officer I Tranchulas 
London I San Francisco I Auckland I Islamabad 
email: 
I web: www.tranchulas.com 
please note 
EFTA00812819
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Best regards, 
Zubair Khan 
Chief Executive Officer I Tranchulas 
London I San Francisco I Auckland I Islamabad 
email: 
I web: www.tranchulas.com 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812820
--- PAGE 4 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812821

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812822.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jabor Y."
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 12:52:16 +0000 
No problem. See you on Sunday. 
On Friday, November 4, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
i am delayed one day in paris. arrive sunday at 6 pm. sorry , but hope to see you , i stay till monday at 4 . 
then saudi 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812822

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812823.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ==.
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Paul Moths 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 20:25:40 +0000 
We set an appointment with Paul Moths for May 15th but you will not be in NY....shall we change to sometime 
this week? 
EFTA00812823

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812824.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Zubair Khan
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: Election Update 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 13:07:21 +0000 
Trump is definitely winning popular vote so far. According to our data winning chances of Trump are 52% in 
Electoral college. 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 5:46 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
thats in the popular vote , not talking into account the elctoral college? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 1:43 PM, Zubair Khan < 
Hi Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
According to InsightsPod Trump is more popular. We processed 3 million tweets this week. 
I have attached detailed report. 
Regards, 
Zubair 
On Oct 9, 2016, at 4:06 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
jeevacation 
On Sat, Oct 8, 2016 at 11:20 PM, Zubair Khan < 
What is your Skype ID? 
Thanks. 
On Saturday, 8 October 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Yes 
On Sat, Oct 8, 2016 at 7:07 AM, Zubair Khan 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Are you available to talk today? 
Regards, 
Zubair 
wrote: 
> wrote: 
On Oct 6, 2016, at 11:24 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA00812824
--- PAGE 2 ---
skyype good this weekend? 
On Thu, Oct 6, 2016 at 5:42 AM, Zubair Khan < 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Just wondered if you have time to discuss the business plan of InsightsPod on Skype or if you 
prefer I can meet you in person after 19th Oct. 
Regards, 
Zubair 
On Sunday, 25 September 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Skype this week? 
On Sunday, 25 September 2016, Zubair Khan
Hi Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
Please find attached InsightsPod business plan for your consideration. 
Since Twitter is live streaming the presidential debates, the social media activity will 
accelerate and it will help us in making better predictions of outcome. It was apparent from 
the US Election report, which I sent you previously that we need a Data Scientist who can 
translate our data into better insights. Taking this into account I hope you can help us by 
backing this venture. 
Thanks, 
Zubair 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Best regards, 
Zubair Khan 
Chief Executive Officer I Tranchulas 
London I San Francisco I Auckland I Islamabad 
EFTA00812825
--- PAGE 3 ---
email: 
web: www.tranchulas.com 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Best regards, 
Zubair Khan 
Chief Executive Officer I Tranchulas 
London I San Francisco I Auckland I Islamabad 
email: 
I web: www.tranchulas.com 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00812826
--- PAGE 4 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812827

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812828.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 13:08:41 +0000 
its not as big as much as you help me :) 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 2:06 PM, 
Jeffrey , Thank you so much . 
It is just such a big amount of money CD 
c iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812828

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812829.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 13:27:54 +0000 
Im very good ! Thank you ! She does school ! What you mean photos are old ? The one I sent you is from last 
year . I told her you need a private assistant . She asked me if its full time ?.. cause she does school.. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 7:19 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what does she do? want ? how are you? , these photos are old. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 2:38 AM, Alesia . < 
• wrote: 
shes more beautiful in life. 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 7:59 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
photo? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 12:58 AM, Alesia < 
> wrote: 
Hope you well ! I have a friend . She's 21. But black . Very beautiful though. Are you interested ?! 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00812829
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812830

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812831.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Alesia ." 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 13:36:18 +0000 
recent photo 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 2:27 PM, Alesia . < 
> wrote: 
Im very good ! Thank you ! She does school ! What you mean photos are old ? The one I sent you is from last 
year . I told her you need a private assistant . She asked me if its full time ?.. cause she does school.. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 7:19 AM, Jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what does she do? want ? how are you? , these photos are old. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 2:38 AM, Alesia . 
wrote: 
shes more beautiful in life. 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 7:59 PM, jeffity E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
photo? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 12:58 AM, Alesia <fl. 
wrote: 
Hope you well ! I have a friend . She's 21. But black . Very beautiful though. Are you interested ?! 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00812831
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812832

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812833.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 13:37:04 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 3424.jpg 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 9:36 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
recent photo 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 2:27 PM, Alesia < 
> wrote: 
Im very good ! Thank you ! She does school ! What you mean photos are old ? The one I sent you is from 
last year . I told her you need a private assistant . She asked me if its full time ?.. cause she does school.. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 7:19 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
what does she do? want ? how are you? , these photos are old. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 2:38 AM, Alesia . 
> wrote: 
shes more beautiful in life. 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 7:59 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
photo? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 12:58 AM, Alesia < 
> wrote: 
Hope you well ! I have a friend . She's 21. But black . Very beautiful though. Are you interested ?! 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
TEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00812833
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812834

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812835.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:02:40 +0000 
I was wondering if you could set me up with NEXT -- meet Joel , or very good agent ? I still look very very 
young and want to model ! I was with IMG for a year and my agent dropped me he got too busy with Gigi girl. 
Got very bad luck with this since you know me . But still wanna do it ! Please let me know ! I'd be very happy ! 
EFTA00812835

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812836.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jecvacation@::gmail.com>
Subject: OK to send ticket to 
 VPSJKJ 
Date: Mon. 07 May 2018 20:31:38 -0000 
Attachments: 
-VPSJKJ.pdf; VPSJKLItineraryCalendanics 
OK to send ticket to 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "American Express Travel" < 
Subject: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
Date: May 7, 2018 at 3:58:24 PM EDT 
To: 
17MAY18 VPSJKJ 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that 
cannot accept incoming messages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion Travel 
Service at 1-877-877-0987. 
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by visiting: 
https://myamextravel.com/baggage
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in the email. Please refer to the PDF attachment and 
itinerary for more details regarding your travel arrangements. Your Centurion Travel Service travel 
plans have been posted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your trip details and 
add link to your bookmarked favorites for easy access in the future: 
View your Trips 
American Express Travel VPSJKJ 
Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Ticket SU 5557143462640-07MAY 
Thursday 17 May 18 
Other Information 
EFTA00812836
--- PAGE 2 ---
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO FRANCE 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION- SCHENGEN VISA 
Flight Information 
Date 
Airline 
Operated By 
Airline Record Locator 
FlighUClass 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Estimated Time 
Stops 
Confirmed 
Sunday 20 May 18 
Flight Information 
Date 
Airline 
Airline Record Locator 
FlighUClass 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Estimated Time 
Stops 
Confirmed 
May 2018 
Aeroflot 
Air France 
CDEFPB 
SU 3000 N Economy Class 
Moscow, Sheremetyevo 
Paris, Charles De Gaulle 
03:10 PM 
06:05 PM 
Terminal E - International 
Terminal 2 E 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Non-stop 
May 2018 
Aeroflot 
CDEFPB 
SU 2455 E Economy Class 
Paris, Charles De Gaulle 
Moscow, Sheremetyevo 
02:05 PM 
06:40 PM 
Terminal 2 C 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Hrs 35 Mins 
Non-stop 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review www.Visacentral.com/amex for 
the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel destination. Due to frequent 
changes, American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and 
expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on that site. 
EFTA00812837
--- PAGE 3 ---
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email marketing 
offers from American Express. For details about our e-mail practices, please review the American 
Express Privacy Statement at www.americanexpress.com/privacy
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to 
website below to download and install this free software. 
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily 
resort or facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out 
from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, 
subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers 
and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage 
to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel 
suppliers, including but not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of 
operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) 
acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public internet, 
telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other cause beyond 
the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that 
meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as 
a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives 
for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our 
travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and 
administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to our marketing 
channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we 
receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other 
American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may 
enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and 
recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and 
your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we 
identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
California State Seller of Tr 
' 
ation Number: 
Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI 
Iowa: TA# -Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA00812838
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00812839

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812840.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Alesia ." 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:04:11 -0000 
i can ask. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:02 PM, Alesia . 
> wrote: 
I was wondering if you could set me up with NEXT -- meet Joel , or very good agent ? I still look very very 
young and want to model ! I was with IMG for a year and my agent dropped me he got too busy with Gigi 
girl. Got very bad luck with this since you know me . But still wanna do it ! Please let me know ! I'd be very 
happy ! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812840

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812841.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:08:05 +0000 
Thank you ! Just dont mention my age . KISS 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:04 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i can ask. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:02 PM, Alesia . < 
wrote: 
I was wondering if you could set me up with NEXT -- meet Joel , or very good agent ? I still look very very 
young and want to model ! I was with IMG for a year and my agent dropped me he got too busy with Gigi 
girl. Got very bad luck with this since you know me . But still wanna do it ! Please let me know ! I'd be very 
happy ! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812841

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812842.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Alesia ." <
MMI> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:09:12 +0000 
i think you are 24 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:08 PM, Alesia . < 
> wrote: 
Thank you ! Just dont mention my age . KISS 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:04 AM, Jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i can ask. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:02 PM, Alesia . < 
wrote: 
I was wondering if you could set me up with NEXT -- meet Joel , or very good agent ? I still look very 
very young and want to model ! I was with IMG for a year and my agent dropped me he got too busy with 
Gigi girl. Got very bad luck with this since you know me . But still wanna do it ! Please let me know ! I'd 
be very happy ! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812842
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812843

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812844.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." • 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:14:48 +0000 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:09 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i think you are 24 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:08 PM, Alesia . < 
wrote: 
Thank you ! Just dont mention my age . KISS 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:04 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
i can ask. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:02 PM, Alesia . < 
wrote: 
I was wondering if you could set me up with NEXT -- meet Joel , or very good agent ? I still look very 
very young and want to model ! I was with IMG for a year and my agent dropped me he got too busy 
with Gigi girl. Got very bad luck with this since you know me . But still wanna do it ! Please let me 
know ! I'd be very happy ! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00812844
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812845

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812846.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alesia 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:16:22 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 5328.mov 
I look very young . Okay 24. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00812846

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812847.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alesia 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:19:07 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_4365.mov 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00812847

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812848.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alesia 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:20:57 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 3835.mov 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00812848

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812849.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alesia 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:24:04 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 2770.mov 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00812849

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812850.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.coin> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:40:08 +0000 
This is the prostate woman I was telling you about: 
Jillian Capodice, Mt Sinai 
http://www.mountsinai.oreprofiles/jillian-l-capodice
625 Madison Avenue 2nd Floor, Mount Sinai Health Syste 
Dept of Urology 
EFTA00812850

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812851.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." leevacationftmail.com> 
To: Ba
, LSJ GSJ < 
>, ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:45:25 +0000 
lets consider a large awning for the back terrace on lsj, it would make it useful 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812851

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812852.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Alesia
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:46:01 +0000 
would you like me to send these movies to him/ ? is that the only friend for me. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:24 PM, Alesia < 
> wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812852

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812853.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: BMG
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:47:19 +0000 
did we get anyfurther with the chillax room window plan 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812853

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812854.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: LSJ GSJ
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:48:38 +0000 
>, ann rodriquez • 
Ok 
Fabric color to match roof? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 8:45 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lets consider a large awning for the back terrace on lsj, it would make it useful 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812854

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812855.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Brice Gordon
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:50:24 +0000 
no -cream to match colums it needs to be rated for strong winds 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:48 PM, Brice Gordon < 
Ok 
Fabric color to match roof ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 8:45 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lets consider a large awning for the back terrace on lsj, it would make it useful 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812855

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812856.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:53:12 +0000 
The initial bid received was sent back 
EB had was missing detail regarding coral stone coping and header detail 
I have just received that bid back last night 
I need to review with Rich 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 8:47 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did we get anyfurther with the chillax room window plan 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812856

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812857.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:55:24 +0000 
Got it 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 8:50 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
no -cream to match colums it needs to be rated for strong winds 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:48 PM, Brice Gordon < 
Ok 
Fabric color to match roof ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 8:45 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lets consider a large awning for the back terrace on lsj, it would make it useful 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00812857
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812858

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812859.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Brice Gordon < 
>, LSJ GSJ < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 14:58:39 +0000 
http://www.sunairawnings.com/photos/PERGOLA%20Awnings%20Pratic/PERGOLA%20Mito/Mito%20Pergol 
a%20Awnings%20Commercial 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:55 PM, Brice Gordon < 
> wrote: 
Got it 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 8:50 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
no -cream to match colums it needs to be rated for strong winds 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:48 PM, Brice Gordon 
Ok 
Fabric color to match roof? 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 8:45 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lets consider a large awning for the back terrace on lsj, it would make it useful 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00812859
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812860

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812861.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: LSJ GSJ
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:02:13 +0000 
Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 8:58 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
http://www.sunairawnings.com/photos/PERGOLA%20Awnings%20Pratic/PERGOLA%20Mito/Mito%20Perg 
ola%20Awnings%20Commercial 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:55 PM, Brice Gordon 5 
> wrote: 
Got it 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 8:50 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
no -cream to match colums it needs to be rated for strong winds 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:48 PM, Brice Gordon < 
Ok 
Fabric color to match roof? 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 8:45 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lets consider a large awning for the back terrace on lsj, 
it would make it useful 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812861
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812862

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812863.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:25:22 +0000 
Maybe one ? Not all... I just need one person who can open the door . 
I've been isolated for few years, don't go out. But I know also another black girl. Also beautiful but older.. not 
sure if you'll be interested in that one .. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:46 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
would you like me to send these movies to him/ ? is that the only friend for me. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:24 PM, Alesia < 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00812863

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812864.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." • 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:26:52 +0000 
Oh wait .. I also know one blond russian girl.. super beautiful, so dumb though, i think shes 28 but look like like 
24. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:46 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
would you like me to send these movies to him/ ? is that the only friend for me. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:24 PM, Alesia < 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00812864

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812865.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Alesia ." 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:27:19 +0000 
no 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:25 PM, Alesia . < 
> wrote: 
Maybe one ? Not all... I just need one person who can open the door . 
I've been isolated for few years, don't go out. But I know also another black girl. Also beautiful but older.. not 
sure if you'll be interested in that one .. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:46 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
would you like me to send these movies to him/ ? is that the only friend for me. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:24 PM, Alesia < 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
wrote: 
EFTA00812865
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812866

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812867.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Alesia ." 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:27:36 +0000 
name? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:26 PM, Alesia . < 
> wrote: 
Oh wait .. I also know one blond russian girl.. super beautiful, so dumb though, i think shes 28 but look like 
like 24. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:46 AM, Jeffrey E. <jea@gmail.com> wrote: 
would you like me to send these movies to him/ ? is that the only friend for me. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:24 PM, Alesia < 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
wrote: 
EFTA00812867
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812868

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812869.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
To:' 
Subject: Re: do you think the dark wood looks too strong 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:29:36 +0000 
I found the michael douglas house . details being sent to me. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:27 PM, 
> wrote: 
Yes 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 4 Nov 2016, at 14:23, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
<Screen Shot 2016-11-04 at 2.22.45 PM.png> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812869

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812870.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:29:47 +0000 
tatiana podyapolskaya 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 11:27 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
name? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:26 PM, Alesia < 
wrote: 
Oh wait .. I also know one blond russian girl.. super beautiful, so dumb though, i think shes 28 but look like 
like 24. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:46 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
would you like me to send these movies to him!? is that the only friend for me. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:24 PM, Alesia < 
wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00812870
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812871

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812872.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:31:25 +0000 
shes very kind .. sweet .. that what you like 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 11:27 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
name? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:26 PM, Alesia < 
wrote: 
Oh wait .. I also know one blond russian girl.. super beautiful, so dumb though, i think shes 28 but look like 
like 24. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:46 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
would you like me to send these movies to him!? is that the only friend for me. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:24 PM, Alesia < 
wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00812872
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812873

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812874.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:' 
Subject: Re: bbj 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:32:00 +0000 
have fun with the sailing. . -- at the right price and deal terms, you woudl gain back two years of your life. 
cash to invest, if you are really serious about selling its either now or in 5 years. ? you know my vote 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:28 PM, 
> wrote: 
Yes as well 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 4 Nov 2016, at 13:38, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i thought about you comments re sale and cleaning it first. I m not sure that is right. many buyers would 
prefer to fix it their way. makes it much more difficult to fire people that you may have just hired. in the 
end 
its all a matter of price . and structure 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 1:23 PM, 
> wrote: 
That s very kind of you . Always truly enjoy our discussions- wish it were more often 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 4 Nov 2016, at 10:09, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I very much appreciate our friendship and am very glad you felt free enough to share those amazing 
stories. 
you are right about the trend. mob rule. . its ashame you dont have as many followers as hadad. 
your renewed health discipline sets a great exam le for our kids. employees and women . 
I am home if you want to speak on the phone 
sorry it was so short last night. , many new intrigues. . both hillary and donald are planning their 
victory parties in new york. could get ugly 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 7:32 AM, 
Great 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 3 Nov 2016, at 23:49, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
wrote: 
lets try grey fabrics suede , wools. chenilles. light grey silver grey, grey stiching . charcoal grey 
piping on seats. wenge wood. . carpet in different shades of grey. 
sidepanels in a very light 
grey cashmere, . leather to a minimum. brushed aluminum plating.. we will add one real color, 
for accent 
please note 
EFTA00812874
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00812875
--- PAGE 3 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812876

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812877.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Alesia ." 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:34:24 +0000 
thx but not right 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:31 PM, Alesia . < 
> wrote: 
sties very kind .. sweet .. that what you like 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 11:27 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
name? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:26 PM, Alesia < 
wrote: 
Oh wait .. I also know one blond russian girl .. super beautiful, so dumb though, i think sties 28 but look 
like like 24. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:46 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
would you like me to send these movies to him/ ? is that the only friend for me. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:24 PM, Alesia < 
• wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00812877
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812878

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812879.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Daniel Siad 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:35:26 +0000 
what happened? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812879

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812880.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:37:45 +0000 
Im sorry .. I know you like Lolita type .. that blond one looks like a blond stripper I agree . 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 11:34 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
thx but not right 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:31 PM, Alesia < 
wrote: 
shes very kind .. sweet .. that what you like 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 11:27 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
name? 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:26 PM, Alesia . < 
wrote: 
Oh wait .. I also know one blond russian girl.. super beautiful, so dumb though, i think shes 28 but look 
like like 24. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 10:46 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
would you like me to send these movies to him/ ? is that the only friend for me. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 3:24 PM, Alesia < 
wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812880
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812881

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812882.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Alesia ." 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:42:28 +0000 
I also have contacts of 2 models, but they became big now, Im not in touch with them anymore. Rachel Hilbert 
and Cora Emmanuel. 
EFTA00812882

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812883.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ie 
To: Jeff <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Thank you! 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 15:44:38 +0000 
met Steve - it went great! Thank you so much! 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00812883

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812884.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lvjet < 
>, Richard Kahn < 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 16:08:49 +0000 
nautica boat schedule? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812884

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812885.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Daphne Wallace < 
>, ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 16:09:13 +0000 
at the end of th day punch list please with photos 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812885

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812886.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacationggmail.com> 
To: IM=I
> 
Subject: Re: OK to send ticket to 
? VPSJKJ 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 20:41:39 +0000 
No 
On Mon, May 7, 2018 at 4:31 PM 
wrote: 
OK to send ticket to 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "American Express Travel" < 
Subject: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
Date: May 7, 2018 at 3:58:24 PM EDT 
To: 
> 
17MAY18 VPSJKJ 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that 
cannot accept incoming messages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion Travel 
Service at 1-877-877-0987. 
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by visiting: 
https://myamextravel.com/baggage
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in the email. Please refer to the PDF attachment and 
itinerary for more details regarding your travel arrangements. Your Centurion Travel Service travel 
plans have been posted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your trip details and 
add link to your bookmarked favorites for easy access in the future: 
View your Trips 
American Express Travel VPSJKJ 
Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Ticket SU 5557143462640-07MAY 
Thursday 17 May 18 
EFTA00812886
--- PAGE 2 ---
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO FRANCE 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION- SCHENGEN VISA 
Flight Information 
Date 
Airline 
Operated By 
Airline Record Locator 
Flight/Class 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Estimated Time 
Stops 
Confirmed 
Sunday 20 May 18 
Flight Information 
Date 
Airline 
Airline Record Locator 
Flight/Class 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Estimated Time 
Stops 
Confirmed 
May 2018 
Aeroflot 
Air France 
CDEFPB 
SU 3000 N Economy Class 
Moscow, Sheremetyevo 
Paris, Charles De Gaulle 
03:10 PM 
06:05 PM 
Terminal E - International 
Terminal 2 E 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Non-stop 
May 2018 
Aeroflot 
CDEFPB 
SU 2455 E Economy Class 
Paris, Charles De Gaulle 
Moscow, Sheremetyevo 
02:05 PM 
06:40 PM 
Terminal 2 C 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Hrs 35 Mins 
Non-stop 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review 
www.Visacentral.com/amex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your 
EFTA00812887
--- PAGE 3 ---
travel destination. Due to frequent changes, American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of 
the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete 
information contained on that site. 
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email 
marketing offers from American Express. For details about our e-mail practices, please review the 
American Express Privacy Statement at www.americanexpress.com/privacy
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to 
website below to download and install this free software. 
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily 
resort or facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out 
from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence 
and amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, 
subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers 
and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or 
damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of 
travel suppliers, including but not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, 
cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in fares, itineraries or 
schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental 
authorities, civil unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public 
internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements 
that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you 
and recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and 
not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as 
incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide 
incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for 
various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them 
access to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology 
initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American 
Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From 
time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these 
arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject 
to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of 
factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with 
suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
California State Seller of Travel Re istration Number: 
Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI 
Iowa: TA# ■ 
Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA00812888
--- PAGE 4 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812889

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812890.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 16:09:35 +0000 
how ar you? 
did you get a copy of rothschild app.icaiton 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812890

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812891.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski
Subject: Nautica 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 16:11:52 +0000 
i spoke with Richard from Fiberglass shop yesterday and he said they expect to be done with everything in 3-4 
weeks 
i pushed him to have done before thanksgiving so boat can go to tropical and be ready to ship; 
however he gave me pushback as FL boat show is currently going on and he was using a lot of his resources at 
show 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 12:08 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
nautica boat schedule? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812891

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812892.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: ann rodriquez 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 16:12:43 +0000 
Greetings Sir, 
Yes. 
Respectfully, Daphne and Anna 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 11:09 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
at the end of th day punch list please with photos 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812892

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812893.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: What's up Management < 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 16:15:40 +0000 
You left ? 
Positive energies 
On 04 Nov 2016, at 19:35, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what happened? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812893

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812894.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Daphne Wallace
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 16:15:42 +0000 
ok 
Ann R. 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 12:09 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
at the end of th day punch list please with photos 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812894

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812895.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "What's up Management"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 16:16:13 +0000 
no tomorw night leave 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 5:15 PM, What's up Management < 
You left ? 
Positive energies 
On 04 Nov 2016, at 19:35, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what happened? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00812895

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812896.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Iphones 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 16:26:07 +0000 
just picked up her iPhone 
i have 1 extra iPhone 7 left which i will bring to 71st when i see you next 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Re: (phones 
Date: November 4, 2016 at 11:25:29 AM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn < 
I got out of class earlier! I could be there like in an hour will that work for you too? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 11:06 AM, Richard Kahn < 
wrote: 
Yes 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New 
Pho 
Fax 
Cell 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 10:15 AM 
wrote: 
EFTA00812896
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hi! 
I will come by today around 3-3:30. To the adress given below? 575 lex ave? 
Thanks 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 4:20 PM, Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
ok 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
eel 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 4:07 PM 
> wrote: 
Yes I will come tomorrow Afternoon! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 3:00 PM, Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
please let me know if you will be coming by tomorrow 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New Y rk NY 10022 
tel 
fa 
cel 
On Nov 2, 2016, at 6:03 PM,- 
wrote: 
wrote: 
Just got out of school can I pick it up friday? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00812897
--- PAGE 3 ---
On Nov 2, 2016, at 11:25 AM, Richard Kahn
• wrote: 
i will be at office all day until 6pm 
please let me know if you want to pick up 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fa 
cel 
On Nov I, 2016, at 6:40 PM 
Okay! 
 H 
> wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov I, 2016, at 10:46 AM, Richard Kahn  
> wrote: 
your request below was for 4.7 inch which is iPhone 7 and that is what i have for you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
On Oct 31, 2016, at 6:12 PM 
Hi! 
Oh great news! Thank you 
Did you get the plus size? 
I can pick it up wednesday!! 
Thanks a lot 
wrote: 
EFTA00812898
--- PAGE 4 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 31, 2016, at 3:52 PM, Richard Kahn <1 
> wrote: 
please let me know when you want to pick up phone 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fa 
cel 
On Oct 26, 2016, at 5:00 PM, Richard Kahn 
> wrote: 
Sony for delay in responding. I will have phone in next few days then we can arrange 
pickup or delivery. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Phor 
Fax 
Cell 
On Sep 9, 2016, at 8:30 AM 
Hi 
I would like to have the 4.7 inch display 
In silver! 
> wrote: 
And also make sure the Phone will not be looked to any specific career so I can use my 
European simcard and american depending on where I am (travel a lot) 
Simcard, number all that I have so no New simcard or number is needed just a Phone! 
Thank you very much 
lioreat 
day 
EFTA00812899
--- PAGE 5 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 8, 2016, at 7:44 PM, Richard Kahn c
lia> 
wrote: 
jeffrey would like me to order for you a new iPhone tomorrow 
please advise on the following: 
a) size - 7 (4.7 inch display) or 7+ (5.5 inch display) 
b) color - jet black, black, silver, gold or rose gold 
http://www.apple.cornishop/butjp
e/iphone-7#00fl 
http://www.apple.com/shop/butjp
e/iphone-7# 
thank you and please email or call with any questions 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
EFTA00812900
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00812901

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812902.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: JEE MBP Configure - New MacBook Pro 15" 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 16:55:12 +0000 
very strange as i just received this email yet it was dated 11-3 at 8:35am your time.. 
confirming full 2TB New iMac 15" even though wait time is 4-5 weeks 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fa) 
ce 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 8:35 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
full 2tb 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 1:34 PM, Richard Kahn
I online is showing 4-5 weeks for new 15" 
please advise 
http://www.apple.com/shop/buy-mac/macbook-pro/15-inch 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
Begin forwarded message: 
> wrote: 
From: James ce I personal genius < 
EFTA00812902
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: JEE MBP Configure 
Date: October 27, 2016 at 2:44:03 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn 
The announcement just finished, I'll have my newsletter out in a little bit. No iMacs, just laptops and a 
new app for AppleTV/iOS. 
Here is the configuration I think JEE would most likely want: 
15-inch MacBook Pro - Space Gray $4,299.00 
2.9GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.8CHi
16GB 2133MHz memory 
2TB PCIe-based SSD 
Radeon Pro 460 with 4GB memory 
Backlit Keyboard (English) & User's Guide 
Four Thunderbolt 3 ports 
Touch Bar and Touch ID 
http://www.apple.com/shop/buy-mac/macbook-pro?product=MLH42LL/A&step=config#
The machine is available in Silver and Space Gray. I'm betting he'll want the darker. 
JEE uses -900GB of data, so we could reduce the cost of this machine by $800 if we dropped down to 
1TB drive, but couldn't get by with the 500GB option. (The 2TB option is ridiculously expensive 
IMHO.) 
If he wants to upgrade other staff, we probably want to keep them at 1TB or lower drives, or 13-inch 
models (I'll have configuration recommendations for that size soon.) 
RJameS Ce, your Personal Genius, 
http://personalgenius.us 
RJameS Ce, your Personal Genius, 
http://personalgenius.us 
please note 
EFTA00812903
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812904

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812905.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 17:36:09 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_0354.JPG 
EFTA00812905

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812906.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: moshe hoffman <
la> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 17:46:54 +0000 
Jeff, 
Martin mentioned that it would be good for the two of us to chat some more. I would be happy to. 
Whenever/however works best for you. Happy to come to NYC, if desired. 
-Moshe 
EFTA00812906

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812907.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: moshe hoffman
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 18:13:50 +0000 
I'm back around the 20 
On Friday, 4 November 2016, moshe hoffman < 
> wrote: 
Jeff, 
Martin mentioned that it would be good for the two of us to chat some more. I would be happy to. 
Whenever/however works best for you. Happy to come to NYC, if desired. 
-Moshe 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812907

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812908.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 18:16:23 +0000 
Tell the girls no subway taking till thurs 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812908

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812909.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brad Wechsler 
To: "Michele M. Re 
er
, John Castrucci 
Joe Avantario 
, "Richard Joslin" 
CC: Tom Tunin < 
>, Suzanne Won 
, Jeffrey Epstein 
<jeevacation@gmail.com>, Yvonne Berger 
Subject: Re: 2007-2008 8865 Review 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 18:31:35 +0000 
I am in a brd meeting so can't join but will get a download afterwards unless we can move to tuesday. As per my 
previous conversations with susanne wong cld u forward this invite to jeffrey epstein. Thx, brad 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: Richard Joslin < 
Date: Fri, 4 Nov 2016 16:12:41 +0000 
To: Michele M. Re na a 
Avantario 
Cc: Brad Wechsle 
Subject: RE: 2007-2008 8865 Review 
Mon 12-2 
Tues 10-11:30 or 1:30 — 2:00 
From: Michele M. Reynaga [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, November 04, 2016 12:11 PM 
To: John Castrucci 
; John Castrucci < 
>; Joe 
Cc: Brad Wechsler < 
Subject: 2007-2008 8865 Review 
Good afternoon, 
Richard Joslin <
>; Joe Avantario 
Suzanne Wong asked me to set up a 30 minute call on Monday or Tuesday for the 8865 review, please let me know if both 
days will work. 
Monday 12-2pm or 3-5pm 
Tuesday 10am-2pm. 
Thanks, 
ga I A ollo Global Management, LLC 
I se 
(Fax) 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA00812909

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812910.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffreyepstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 30 Sep 2016 09:17:26 +0000 
Inline-Images: FullSizeRender-Ljpg 
EFTA00812910

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812911.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 20:14:24 +0000 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
tel 
fax 
cell • 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 4:12 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
rich 
karyna Mg she will sign the loan agreement 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812911

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812912.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn • 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 20:14:45 +0000 
today 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 9:14 PM, Richard Kahn 
ok shall i send today (ok until 5pm est) or monday? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 4:12 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
rich 
karyna 
she will sign the loan agreement 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812912
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812913

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812914.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 727 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 20:15:08 +0000 
we are able to maintain insurance on fuselage and avianonics for an amount up to 600,000 
insurance cost is 1% (or 6,000 per year) with 10,000 deductible 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
EFTA00812914

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812915.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Re: 727 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 20:16:06 +0000 
Yes 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 9:15 PM, Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
we are able to maintain insurance on fuselage and avianonics for an amount up to 600,000 
insurance cost is 1% (or 6,000 per year) with 10,000 deductible 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812915

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812916.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: bellaklein  
To: 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 20:26:55 +0000 
Wired 3 month rent $1305 ($435 or 28,000 russian rubles per month) 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 4:58 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
please give 
10k dollars. cash and also pay her rent . in advance if she wants. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 4:17 AM, 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey , can I ask Bella to pay for my rent in Moscow ? She said I cannot use this card for payment , so I 
need to ask ur permission and she will transfer money to my landlord. 
iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812916

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812917.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez <
IMIa> 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: GSJ moorings 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 21:15:57 +0000 
Hey Bossman, 
Carlos said there are two moorings where Chris park his boat and two Jet Ski moorings in front of our beach 
deck. 
They were already there before you purchased GSJ 
Ann R. 
EFTA00812917

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812918.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
Subject: LSJ: Master bath mirror & CB2 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 21:26:08 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_7686.JPG; IMG_7687.JPG; IMG_7707.JPG; IMG_7708.JPG 
Daphne Wallace 
Ann R.gi 
r4 
EFTA00812918

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812919.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace all~> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: ann rodri uez 
, Rich Kahn 
, LSJ GSJ 
Subject: PUnch List - November 4, 2016 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 21:27:17 +0000 
Attachments: Anna_GSJ-LSJ_Punchlist_11-04-2016.xls 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
Punch list of 11/4/2016 for your review and comments. 
Respectfully submitted, Daphne 
EFTA00812919

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812920.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
Daphne Wallace 
Subject: Pops Garden & Waterfall 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 21:28:10 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_7734.JPG; IMG_7735.JPG; IMG_7736.JPG; IMG_7737.JPG; IMG_7738.JPG; 
IMG_7739.JPG; IMG_7740.JPG 
Ann R.2 
EFTA00812920

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812921.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
>, 
Daphne Wallace 
Subject: Five Palms & Garden terrace 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 21:29:17 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_7728.JPG; IMG_7729.JPG; IMG_7730.JPG; IMG_7731.JPG; IMG_7732.JPG; 
IMG_7741.JPG; IMG_7743.JPG; IMG_7744.JPG 
Ann R.2 
EFTA00812921

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812922.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
, 
Daphne Wallace 
Subject: LSJ: Stone wall basket 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 21:32:55 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_7716.JPG; IMG_7717.JPG; IMG_7718.JPG; IMG_7719.JPG; IMG_7720.JPG; 
IMG_7721.JPG; IMG_7722.JPG; IMG_7723.JPG; IMG_7724.JPG; IMG_7725.JPG 
EFTA00812922
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ann R.2 1 
EFTA00812923

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812924.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Presentation 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 21:36:19 +0000 
Attachments: 
ATT00001.htm 
Dearest Jeffrey 
Thank you for talking with 
. He is performing his invention now 
Below is presentation of my Russian friend, former model, smart lady 
Maybe you like to meet her :) 
Kind regards, 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
EFTA00812924

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812925.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 21:09:37 +0000 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Max Kohlenberg 
Subject: RE: 
Date: May 7, 2018 at 5:06:33 PM EDT 
To: 'Richard Kahn' 
Thanks for these answers Richard. Can you address the question about tax payments please? 
Max 
A. Max Kohlenberg 
Howland Evangelista Kohlenberg Burnett, LLP 
This email and any attachments thereto are intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain 
legally privileged and/or confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this email, you are hereby 
notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this email, and any attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited. 
If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify me by return email and permanently delete the 
original and any copy of this message or attachment. Thank you. 
EFTA00812925
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Richard Kahn [rnailto: 
Sent: Monday, May 07, 2018 3:39 PM 
To: Max Kohlenberg 
Subject: Re: 
no interest accruing as discussed 
no gifts 
normal household 
will check fees. but you should have enough 
it shoud have read expense not income sorry, 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On May 7, 2018, at 2:52 PM, Max Kohlenberg < 
> wrote: 
Thank you for this information Richard. I will need some time to consider it. While IN doing so, could you please 
consider these initial questions: 
1. The fees to Anthony Arnove seem extraordinarily high, as I understand his contract was terminated in June. 
Can you fill that in for me? 
2. There is no reference to "daily living" costs. Can you ballpark a monthly figure for that (clothing, groceries)? 
3. Please break down the tax figure for me. What portion of the $260,000 figure is 2016 taxes paid in 2017, what 
portion is 2017 taxes and what portion is estimated payments towards 2018 taxes. Please also tell me how the 
figure reconciles with the tax payments ($180K) in all that we made on Noam's behalf in December of 2017. 
4. The schedule is styled "NOAM & VALERIA CHOMSKY INCOME STATEMENT" but there is no information on 
income. Can you please advise what their income was (and what the sources were). 
5. 
I understood that you were finding a source of funds for Noam to pay his taxes on time. Was that the case, or 
is interest accruing? 
6. On the line marked 
all the additional information that you can offer to me, or will there be 
more? 
7. Were there any gifts made by Noam to anyone, including Valeria? (I know this is a delicate question. If Noam 
could say something like "the aggregate of all gifts, including any to Valeria, did not exceed $10,000" that 
would be fine.) 
Thanks, 
Max 
EFTA00812926
--- PAGE 3 ---
A. Max Kohlenberg 
Howland Evangelista Kohlenberg Burnett, LLP 
This email and any attachments thereto are intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain 
legally privileged and/or confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this email, you are hereby 
notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this email, and any attachments thereto, is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify me by return email and permanently 
delete the original and any copy of this message or attachment. Thank you. 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto: 
Sent: Monday, May 07, 2018 1:41 PM 
To: Max Kohlenberg 
Subject: Re: 
is this enough to make the tax payment? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
> On May 7, 2018, at 1:13 PM, Max Kohlenberg < 
> wrote: 
> I don't know yet Richard. I have a call with Hany and his attorney at 2pm. If there is a proposal I will fonvard it to you. 
> Max 
> A. Max Kohlenberg 
> Howland Evan elista Kohlenb 
Burnett, LLP 
EFTA00812927
--- PAGE 4 ---
> This email and any attachments thereto are intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally 
privileged and/or confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this email, you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copying of this email, and any attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
email in error, please immediately notify me by return email and permanently delete the original and any copy of this message or 
attachment. Thank you. 
> -----Original Message--
> From: Richard Kahn [mailto: 
> Sent: Monday, May 07, 2018 1:05 PM 
> To: Max Kohlenberg 
> Subject: 
> will you have proposal today? 
> please advise 
> thank you 
> Richard Kahn 
> HBRK Associates Inc. 
EFTA00812928

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812929.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn < 
>, BMG 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 21:57:53 +0000 
pro solar , gsj lsj? is the r. o operating properly yet lsj ? . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812929

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812930.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez • 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: GSJ: Master Bedroom 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 22:05:21 +0000 
ok. will do 
Aim R. 
On Nov 4, 2016, at 5:56 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
need 2 more lights for guest bath similrhy to the ikea ones in mine.. 
On Fri, Nov 4, 2016 at 9:59 PM, Ann Rodriquez 
wrote: 
Carpet for dressing area is on LSJ as of today. Sylvester will install on Wednesday 11/9 
EFTA00812930
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ann R. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812931

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812932.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: Fwd: LSJ - GSJ Solar 
Date: Fri, 04 Nov 2016 22:12:00 +0000 
Attachments: Little_Saint_James_PV_150kW_11.4.16.pdf; GSJ_308kWk_Battery_Bank_Retrofit.pdf 
Attached are quotes I just quickly reviewed. 
Assuming lsj price is negotiated to 400k and we save 25 percent of 20,000 monthly lsj bill that is savings of 5k 
per month and 60k per year. I was told if we cannot use 30 percent federal tax credit they would deduct approx 
percent off price so assume 320,000 total cost and now payback is 5.25 years. 
Please advise. Thank you. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: November 4, 2016 at 5:53:40 PM EDT 
To: "Richard Kahn" 
Cc: "Lsj Gsj" 
•, "Kevin Alvarez" • 
, "Patrick 
Molesworth" 
Subject: RE: Re: LSJ - GSJ Solar 
Hi Rich, 
Please see the following proposals for a net-metered solar array at LSJ and the battery bank retrofit for GSJ 
GSJ pricing has been updated with new bulk pricing from Aquion as well as the addition of 4 new battery 
inverters. I think we should replace them now because the new inverters are supported by Aquion and the older 
ones are not. The old ones WILL work but for the sake of the entire system I recommend swapping them out 
now and having a new 5yr warranty in place on the brains of the operation. I had a meeting with Aquion today 
to go over the final design and they approved the system. GSJ would benefit from more solar panels 
Brice confirmed your WAPA meter is Commercial so we designed a system sized at 100kW AC / 150kW DC. 
LSJ can handle 500 modules on all the roofs of the maintenance facility area. This includes the two concrete 
buildings and the two metal structures. This array should decrease your bill by 25% and requires very little 
maintenance. Our price is turn-key so everything is included in the price of the contract but we would like to 
request the use of your barge during the construction process. All materials are in stock and ready to go. Please 
let me know if you have any questions. Cheers. 
EFTA00812932
--- PAGE 2 ---
Original Message 
Subject: RE: Re: LSJ - GSJ Solar 
From: 
Date: 11/3/16 1:46 pm 
To: "Richard Kahn" 
Cc: "Lsj Gsj" 
Gentlemen, 
I can be available for both times so pick one and I will be available. Thank you. 
Original Message 
Subject: Re: LSJ - GSJ Solar 
From: "Richard Kahn" < 
Date: 11/3/16 1:39 pm 
To: ' 
Cc: 
"Lsj Gsj" 
Can do 9:30am or 10:45am est 
Will be on my cell and will need dial in or need to be patched in 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Nov 3, 2016, at 1:35 PM, 
Rich 
Can you do a 10am EST conference call tomorrow 
If time does not work, please advise 
I will not be available between 10-11 am Mountain time 
Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
EFTA00812933

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812934.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Sotheby's Luxe Art of Design 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 21:11:38 +0000 
Attachments: 131 b7af8 3358.pdf 
Inline-Images: page4image5392.png; page4image5552.png; page4image5720.png; page4image6640.png; 
page4image6800.png; image001.png 
please advise if attached boxes pinto bid on are ok to pay 
total cost with fees 21,775 
Lot image & details 
A pair of Japanese brass-mounted black and gilt lacquer boxes 
Account number Date 
Sale currency 
I
May 2018 USD 
Please keep this for your records 
Sale 
Sale number & date 
Lot number 
Dimensions (L x W x H) 
Purchase Price (excluding any taxes) 
LUXE: Art of Design N09845 - 20 April 2018 1027 21.00 x 22.50 x 16.00 IN $20,000.00 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
EFTA00812934
--- PAGE 2 ---
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bella Klein < 
Subject: Fwd: Sotheby's Luxe Art of Design 
Date: May 7, 2018 at 2:08:15 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn < 
I was contacted by Sotheby's in regards to payment that was received from Pinto in the amount of $21,775 for 
Jeffrey purchase of a "Pair Of Japanese Brass- Mounted Black and Hilt Lacquer boxes". Wire can't be applied 
to JE account as payment name should match the purchaser name. Payment should be returned to Pinto and 
paid from JE. Invoice from Sotheby's is attached. Please advise 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Begin fonvarded message: 
From: "Mccarthy, Meghan" < 
Subject: Sotheby's Luxe Art of Design 
Date: May 7, 2018 at 1:38:58 PM EDT 
To:" 
"< 
Dear Bella, 
Thank you for chatting. 
Please see the attached invoice and a copy of the incoming wire below. 
Sincerely, 
Meghan 
Meghan McCarthy 
Post Sale Manager, Post Sale Services 
EFTA00812935
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sotheby's 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and 
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they 
are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify 
the postmaster at 
EFTA00812936

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812937.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey E. sjeevacation(kgmail.com> 
Subject: Re: gsj 
Date: Sat, 05 Nov 2016 00:52:03 +0000 
Attachments: IMG1104.JPG; IMG_1097.JPG; IMG1098.JPG 
hi jeffrey, 
..i painted the closet doors lavender color, and more vertical lines in first bedroom. i will continue tomorrow 
with the vertical lines.. i have two more walls. 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, November 3, 2016 11:14 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
sorry the closet doors should be lavendar as well. and the yellow too pale it should be bright more children 
room like 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2016 at 4:02 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..i've sent you yesterday pictures with the finished lavender bathroom and bedroom. did you get the e-mail 
with the pictures? 
also it was a picture with a sample yellow on the wall.. for the yellow bedroom.. 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent: Sunday, October 30, 2016 6:50 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
fun 
make sure you do the touch ups on Isj, also have you tried a large canvas for classical. 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 1:42 AM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
..stripes in lavender bathroom. they are all same size, white and lavender. they look different because of 
the tape.. i will finish it on the ceiling too 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmall.com>
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:52 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
EFTA00812937
--- PAGE 2 ---
Yes 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola •
wrote: 
i just measured the ceiling lines.. and they are 5 inches, and the lines would go down on the wall.. 
should i keep 5 inches or do 4 inches? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:26 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
i just measured the wall, and in the picture i've sent you one line is 9.6 inches. should i make it 7 inch? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 10:54 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Thinner 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola •
wrote: 
good morning 
..i was thinking for the lavender bath on gsj to do some horizontal white stripes on the wall. both 
sides of the sink walls only and continuing on the ceiling too. 
in the attachment i photoshop-ed one image from yesterday. so it would look like in the picture.. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 4:56 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
closet doors yes 
On Sat, Oct 29, 2016 at 3:16 AM, ion nicola < 
hi jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812938
--- PAGE 3 ---
..i painted the lavender bathroom.. 
also i painted the closet doors.. i match them to the walls.. what do you think? 
should i paint the ceiling in the bathroom too? 
yesterday i did all the touch-ups in all cabanas on Isj. 
next week i will do the oil painting - detail of 'school of athens' 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2016 6:24 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes„ it looks good. thnaks 
On Wed, Oct 26, 2016 at 10:09 PM, ion nicola *c
> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i've sent you today an e-mail with pictures from chilax bathroom with colors i put on the 
walls. did you get the e-mail? 
thank you, 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 201611:11 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:10 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
ok. thanks 
the blue tape lines i put on the wall will be black.. 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:05 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
nice , have fun 
EFTA00812939
--- PAGE 4 ---
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:03 AM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
good morning, 
..i made the design on the wall using tape 1 inch and 1,5 inch for the lines. what do you 
think? i made it not symmetrical.. or should i do it symmetrical, somehow like in the last 
image attached? 
if we are going to do this design around the door and on the opposite wall where the mirror 
will be then maybe no horizontal lines on the sides walls.. it would be too much i guess. 
eventually the side walls could be that strong blue from the entrance, but more 
transparent.. so a little lighter.. 
what do you think? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:39 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 11:38 PM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
which image? no 1 or no 2? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:31 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
thinner lines . more delicate 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 9:47 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..image nol..something like this, and somehow same design on the other wall where 
the sink is. on sides walls could be horizontal blue lines.. same strong blue like at the 
entrance 
or image not with a oblique squares design.. could be done with black or blue..same 
like at the entrance.., and i was thinking the cabinets under the sink could be blue or 
magenta. then on the opposite wall, we can put some orange..so you see thru the door 
the strong blue in the entrance room.. 
i think better if you are in the room to visualize it.. 
i dont know.., what do you think? 
EFTA00812940
--- PAGE 5 ---
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 9:24 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
image? 
i think you can use the chillax nath image i gave you. I would like lsj to finish 
. so there is no smell or mess when i return 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 8:45 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i didn't know that you had to leave saturday.. 
i finished painting black the crown molding in chillax room.. 
i have some ideas for chillax bathroom.. i'll show you when you get back..better if 
you are here, then we can think it together. 
is it ok if tomorrow i will work on gsj at lavender bedroom's bathroom? i was 
thinking for that doing some horizontal one feet(maybe less) wide lines. same 
lavender color.. a little darker maybe. so then will be horizontal lines.. white and 
lavender.. 
in lavender bedroom i have to do also closet's doors, and the ceiling. i will put some 
sample on the ceiling too.. 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 10, 2016 10:27 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
ill send some soon 
On Mon, Oct 10, 2016 at 8:10 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning! 
..anna told me you want me to paint 2 bedrooms in gsj.. can you give me some 
advise how would you like me to paint them? she said you will send me some 
images but i didnt get email from you.. 
thank you, 
ion 
please note 
EFTA00812941
--- PAGE 6 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812942
--- PAGE 7 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
OHM 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812943
--- PAGE 8 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812944
--- PAGE 9 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or bye-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00812945
--- PAGE 10 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812946

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812947.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 05 Nov 2016 01:28:00 +0000 
great 
On Sat, Nov 5, 2016 at 12:36 AM, 
Parents are here! Safe and sound. Send you kisses! 
Thank you so much Jeffrey! This is the best present 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812947

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812948.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Jabor Y."
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 05 Nov 2016 08:28:29 +0000 
unfortunatlely , 
too much work around the election. 
I will need to cancel doha before the 9th, it is s0000 
crazy. 
many stories to tell when i see you. when do you leave.? I feel badly about changes at the last minute 
, but i hope you understand. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812948

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812949.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Afri zp
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 05 Nov 2016 08:28:37 +0000 
unfortunatlely , 
too much work around the election. 
I will need to cancel doha before the 9th, it is s0000 
crazy. 
many stories to tell when i see you. when do you leave.? I feel badly about changes at the last minute 
, but i hope you understand. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812949

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812950.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Haakon Gundersen 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 05 Nov 2016 08:46:37 +0000 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812950

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812951.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 05 Nov 2016 09:03:19 +0000 
I know you will do fine today. you are important to me. enjoy the test. have fun. it is not important - you 
are 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812951

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812952.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 12:07:16 +0000 
i did all touch ups in all cabanas on lsj. 
i will do the canvas painting next week after i get the materials. i just told sue to buy oil paints and brushes and 
send to lsj. 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 30, 2016 6:50 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
fun 
make sure you do the touch ups on Isj, also have you tried a large canvas for classical. 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 1:42 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..stripes in lavender bathroom. they are all same size, white and lavender. they look different because of the 
tape.. i will finish it on the ceiling too 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:52 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Yes 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
i just measured the ceiling lines.. and they are 5 inches, and the lines would go down on the wall.. 
should i keep 5 inches or do 4 inches? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:26 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola 
I> wrote: 
i just measured the wall, and in the picture i've sent you one line is 9.6 inches. should i make it 7 inch? 
EFTA00812952
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 10:54 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Thinner 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning 
..i was thinking for the lavender bath on gsj to do some horizontal white stripes on the wall. both sides 
of the sink walls only and continuing on the ceiling too. 
in the attachment i photoshop-ed one image from yesterday. so it would look like in the picture.. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 4:56 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
closet doors yes 
On Sat, Oct 29, 2016 at 3:16 AM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i painted the lavender bathroom.. 
also i painted the closet doors.. i match them to the walls.. what do you think? 
should i paint the ceiling in the bathroom too? 
yesterday i did all the touch-ups in all cabanas on Isj. 
next week i will do the oil painting - detail of 'school of athens' 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2016 6:24 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
EFTA00812953
--- PAGE 3 ---
yes„ it looks good. thnaks 
On Wed, Oct 26, 2016 at 10:09 PM, ion nicola < 
hi jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
..i've sent you today an e-mail with pictures from chilax bathroom with colors i put on the walls. 
did you get the e-mail? 
thank you, 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:11 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:10 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
ok. thanks 
the blue tape lines i put on the wall will be black.. 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:05 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
nice , have fun 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:03 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning, 
..i made the design on the wall using tape 1 inch and 1,5 inch for the lines. what do you think? 
i made it not symmetrical.. or should i do it symmetrical, somehow like in the last image 
attached? 
if we are going to do this design around the door and on the opposite wall where the mirror 
will be then maybe no horizontal lines on the sides walls.. it would be too much i guess. 
eventually the side walls could be that strong blue from the entrance, but more transparent.. 
so a little lighter.. 
what do you think? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:39 PM 
EFTA00812954
--- PAGE 4 ---
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 11:38 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
which image? no 1 or no 2? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:31 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
thinner lines . more delicate 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 9:47 PM, ion nicola *c
> wrote: 
..image nol..something like this, and somehow same design on the other wall where the 
sink is. on sides walls could be horizontal blue lines.. same strong blue like at the 
entrance 
or image not with a oblique squares design.. could be done with black or blue..same like 
at the entrance.., and i was thinking the cabinets under the sink could be blue or 
magenta. then on the opposite wall, we can put some orange..so you see thru the door 
the strong blue in the entrance room.. 
i think better if you are in the room to visualize it.. 
i dont know.., what do you think? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 9:24 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
image? 
i think you can use the chillax nath image i gave you. I would like Isj to finish . 
so there is no smell or mess when i return 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 8:45 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i didn't know that you had to leave saturday.. 
i finished painting black the crown molding in chillax room.. 
i have some ideas for chillax bathroom.. i'll show you when you get back..better if you 
are here, then we can think it together. 
is it ok if tomorrow i will work on gsj at lavender bedroom's bathroom? i was thinking 
for that doing some horizontal one feet(maybe less) wide lines. same lavender color.. 
a little darker maybe. so then will be horizontal lines.. white and lavender.. 
EFTA00812955
--- PAGE 5 ---
in lavender bedroom i have to do also closet's doors, and the ceiling. i will put some 
sample on the ceiling too.. 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 10, 2016 10:27 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
ill send some soon 
On Mon, Oct 10, 2016 at 8:10 AM, ion nicola c
> wrote: 
good morning! 
..anna told me you want me to paint 2 bedrooms in gsj.. can you give me some 
advise how would you like me to paint them? she said you will send me some images 
but i didnt get email from you.. 
thank you, 
ion 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00812956
--- PAGE 6 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
OHM 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812957
--- PAGE 7 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
MI* 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812958
--- PAGE 8 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812959
--- PAGE 9 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812960

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812961.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern <EIMINI=> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: China 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 14:06:29 +0000 
Foreigner buys, sells, makes a profit, sends money back. 
MM. 35% tax 
Foreign currency control approval min 5 months and legitimacy thoroughly checked. 
EFTA00812961

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812962.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: aziza alahmadi
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 14:33:18 +0000 
I will work on it . Boss 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 30, 2016, at 2:26 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.cotn> wrote: 
I will need landing permission. for my plane 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812962

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812963.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: aziza alahmadi
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 14:33:44 +0000 
Country code +966 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 30, 2016, at 2:01 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im not sure how to text to a saudi number that has 966 50 as the country code. message does not 
acceept.such a long number 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812963

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812964.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: aziza alahmadi
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 14:34:57 +0000 
:) 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 30, 2016, at 1:56 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.cotn> wrote: 
please watch and show the video 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com>
Date: Sat, Oct 29, 2016 at 1:41 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
http://www.nytimes.corn/2016/10/29/world/middleeast/saudi-arabia-women.html?hp&action= 
click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=first-column-region&region=top-
news&WT.nav=top-newskr=0 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00812964
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812965

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812966.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812966.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Lang, Caroline" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 14:56:17 +0000 
tues? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812966

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812967.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alan Dlugash  
To: 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 21:54:47 +0000 
Tried him at 5:30 and 6, no answer. I'm available until 6:30, then 9:30 -11 tonight, and 10-4:30 tomorrow 
(except 11-12). 
Alan 
On Mon, May 7, 2018 at 3:03 PM, 
wrote: 
Hello Alan. Jeffrey would like to speak with you...could you please give him a call a 
Thank you, 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
Alan J. Dlugash 
Alan J. Dlugash LLC 
EFTA00812967

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812968.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thorbjon Jagland
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 16:29:21 +0000 
I'm in Monaco I'll call you to see what's possible 
Den sondag 30. oktober 2016 skrev Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> folgende: 
Im in paris you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812968

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812969.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: contacts 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 16:40:14 +0000 
edelman, set martin, tala, susskind, strominger, rynolds. kosslyn, knause, gardner. bill thiel. hoffman, sinofsky, 
nathan feigenbaum, ramachandrain , demsaio, christakis, dennet, sheldrake, fewick, gellman, west kaufman, 
seligman, kurzweill ben goertzel, gould, saks mandelbrot, hopkins, mitchell kerry, clinton , richardosn, mapp , 
leahy, spitzer, shcumer, pruseven waheed mandelson, ehud, lang churkin, sergey, . jagland, andrew, woody 
blaine, boris, lany summers. 
dersh reummler, marty, roy, ken, jay, lilly jack, rhinehart. chet tonja, lefcourt, moscowitz. 
raafat, sultan hamad 
jabor . karim, outarra, mohmaaed. , pastrana, cas gtro, 
smell menatlal fit, lipd crestor, dick prostatis, back prptein , diet excersicse 
AK chad pinto lsj, bbj, ana brice, 1 
loen terjge 
bradk 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812969

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812970.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Lang, Caroline" 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 17:38:52 +0000 
or monday evening if he is up to it. ? how is his health.? 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 6:27 PM, Lang, Caroline < 
wrote: 
Jack is coming back on Monday evening in Paris . He is then flying to China on Tuesday evening and then to 
Korea... 
It's for the project to launch a plan to protect the world patrimony from wars. 
He is going to see whether he has time to take a cup of coffee with you during the day on Tuesday 
Big kiss 
Caroline 
Le 30 oct. 2016 a 15:56, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> a ecrit : 
tues? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812970
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812971

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812972.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Lang, Caroline" 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 17:39:10 +0000 
what are the family xmas plans 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 6:27 PM, Lang, Caroline < 
wrote: 
Jack is coming back on Monday evening in Paris . He is then flying to China on Tuesday evening and then to 
Korea... 
It's for the project to launch a plan to protect the world patrimony from wars. 
He is going to see whether he has time to take a cup of coffee with you during the day on Tuesday 
Big kiss 
Caroline 
Le 30 oct. 2016 a 15:56, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> a ecrit : 
tues? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00812972
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812973

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812974.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Raafat Alsabbagh 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 18:32:36 +0000 
http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/10/30/499973354/women-win-30-seats-in-icel ands-part lament-
more-than-any-party 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812974

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812975.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Stephen Hanson
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 18:32:42 +0000 
http://www.nprotpections/thetwo-way/2016/10/30/499973354/women-win-30-seats-in-icelands-parliament-
more-than-any-party
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812975

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812976.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alford 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Potential 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 19:19:16 +0000 
Attachments: property_acquisition_infomation_and_cash_flow_projections.docx; ATT00001.htm 
EFTA00812976

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812977.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Lang, Caroline"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 19:24:34 +0000 
ok 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 8:23 PM, Lang, Caroline < 
wrote: 
Jack is coming back late Monday evening we will see how his agenda looks on Tuesday 
Le 30 oct. 2016 a 18:39, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
what are the family xmas plans 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 6:27 PM, Lang, Caroline < 
wrote: 
Jack is coming back on Monday evening in Paris He is then flying to China on Tuesday evening and then 
to Korea... 
It's for the project to launch a plan to protect the world patrimony from wars. 
He is going to see whether he has time to take a cup of coffee with you during the day on Tuesday 
Big kiss 
Caroline 
Le 30 oct. 2016 a 15:56, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> a &fit : 
tues? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00812977
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812978

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812979.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: LSJ GSJ a=lEla> 
To: Richard Kahn a, 
Brice LSJ 
J 
Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: LSJE_CC_HOME_23,944.38_050718 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 22:29:52 +0000 
Attachments: LSJE_CC_HOME_23,944.38_050718.pdf 
Good Evening Rich 
Attached revised request for The Home Depot 
Warmest regards 
Karen 
The St. James Grou 
EFTA00812979

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812980.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Tom Pritzker
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 19:45:41 +0000 
http://www.androidheadlines.com/2016/10/googles-neural-networks-invent-encryption.html 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812980

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812981.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 20:24:21 +0000 
im here if you want to visit. your friend never responded . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812981

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812982.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Larry Visoski -S> 
Subject: Re: BBJ 
Date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 21:48:02 +0000 
ok 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 10:45 PM, Larry Visoski c>
 wrote: 
Jeffrey 
I was thinking„ maybe we should hire Manny's guys from FJTurbine to Preform Borescope and evaluate the 
power assurance runs on the engines„ 
Maybe Manny could find something internal with Borescope results that could force a shop visit on one or 
both engines? 
Same idea, as we did with GIV APU and upgraded it due to Borescope findings? Any findings beyond limits 
that warrant a repair must be addressed, 
Just a long shot? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812982

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812983.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: LSJ GSJ
Subject: Re: LSJE_CC_HOME_23,944.38_050718 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 22:33:14 +0000 
Sorry . approved 
On Mon, May 7, 2018 at 6:30 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
only for 2 his 
On Mon, May 7, 2018 at 6:29 PM LSJ GSJ c 
Good Evening Rich 
Attached revised request for The Home Depot 
Warmest regards 
ri
The St. James Grou 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
wrote: 
EFTA00812983
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812984

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812985.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 06:14:32 +0000 
arrives at 2 30 pm, please have alex pick her up. 
please email valdson address on top details of 
flight 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812985

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812986.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: M< 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 10:18:33 +0000 
probably friday, sorrry to have missed you. travel safe. 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 11:12 AM, EN 
> wrote: 
I would love to, but in on my way to Moscow. Will be back next Sunday. When are you going back? 
On 30 on. 2016 r., at 21:24, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
im here if you want to visit. your friend never responded . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812986

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812987.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 10:19:08 +0000 
i think your friend may have called this morning. i emailed her yesterday 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 11:12 AM, 
< 
> wrote: 
I would love to, but in on my way 4:ri Moscow. Will be back next Sunday. When are you going back? 
so 
On 30 on. 2016 r., at 21:24, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
im here if you want to visit. your friend never responded . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812987

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812988.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 10:41:54 +0000 
I tried twice to call 
no luck so far. I very much appreciate you thinking of helping me. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812988

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812989.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Re: Sotheby's Luxe Art of Design 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 22:37:40 +0000 
yes 
On Mon, May 7, 2018 at 5:11 PM Richard Kahn < 
please advise if attached boxes pinto bid on are ok to pay 
total cost with fees 21,775 
Lot image & details 
A pair of Japanese brass-mounted black and gilt lacquer boxes 
Account number Date 
Sale currency 
30114352 7 May 2018 USD 
Please keep this for your records 
Sale 
Sale number & date 
Lot number 
Dimensions (L x W x H) 
Purchase Price (excluding any taxes) 
LUXE: Art of Design N09845 - 20 April 2018 1027 21.00 x 22.50 x 16.00 IN $20,000.00 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
> wrote: 
EFTA00812989
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Bella Klein < 
Subject: Fwd: Sotheby's Luxe Art of Design 
Date: May 7, 2018 at 2:08:15 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn 
I was contacted by Sotheby's in regards to payment that was received from Pinto in the amount of $21,775 
for Jeffrey purchase of a "Pair Of Japanese Brass- Mounted Black and Hilt Lacquer boxes". Wire can't be 
applied to JE account as payment name should match the purchaser name. Payment should be returned to 
Pinto and paid from JE. Invoice from Sotheby's is attached. Please advise 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Mccarthy, Meghan" 
Subject: Sotheby's Luxe Art of Design 
Date: May 7, 2018 at 1:38:58 PM EDT 
To: ' 
Dear Bella, 
Thank you for chatting. 
Please see the attached invoice and a copy of the incoming wire below. 
Sincerely, 
Meghan 
Meghan McCarthy 
Post Sale Manager, Post Sale Services 
Sotheby's 
***** ••••••••••••••••••••• 
..... 
...... 
••••••••••••••••••••• 
..... 
••• 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and 
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they 
are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify 
EFTA00812990
--- PAGE 3 ---
the postmaster at postmasteralsothebys.com. 
www.sothebys.com
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812991

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812992.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 10:53:04 +0000 
What is your schedule 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812992

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812993.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: a 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 10:59:30 +0000 
I have a meeting at 3:00pm then I will be free 
Le 31 oct. 2016 A 11:53, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> a &tit : 
What is your schedule 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812993

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812994.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 11:35:53 +0000 
reporty? news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812994

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812995.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Brock Pierce <1 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 11:36:04 +0000 
our investment? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812995

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812996.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 12:01:56 +0000 
Im still in paris. cleft 
for new york. islingetting her application to columbia complete. we want to 
give it to axel. 
are things for you, better.. i hope so . sailing ? speak? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812996

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812997.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: m< 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 12:24:55 +0000 
Very strange , she said she has tried calling you, and someone answered and said you are asleep. She is working, 
but I have asked her to keep her cell near by. 
Hopefully next time you come and visit me for brunch)) 
MIN 
On 31 on. 2016 r., at 11:41, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I tried twice to call a 
luck so far. I very much appreciate you thinking of helping me. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812997

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812998.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 12:42:35 +0000 
I tried to call a few times. 
im awake now:) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812998

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00812999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00812999.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Steve Bannon <I 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 22:41:10 +0000 
https://www.wsj.com/articles/italian-president-raises-specter-of-new-elections- 1525724093 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00812999

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813000.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peggy Siegal <1 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Marisa Frank < 
>, Rebecca Drescher 
Subject: Re: new intern, Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 13:06:35 +0000 
Jeffrey... 
Sorry for the delay. 
I am free after lunch today 3:30pm at my office. 
Rebecca send address. It's last building on the left between Park Ave and Lexington. North/East corner. Zara 
below. 5th floor. Or amytime Tuesday. 
„assist Rebecca. 
Have her call Rebecca to confirm when she wants to come 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Monday, October 31, 2016 8:12 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: 
margarita can meet anytime convenient for you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813000

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813001.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal <1 
Subject: Re: new intern, Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 13:20:52 +0000 
will do 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 2:06 PM, Peggy Siegal < 
Jeffrey... 
Sorry for the delay. 
I am free after lunch today 3:30pm at my office. 
> wrote: 
Rebecca send address. It's last building on the left between Park Ave and Lexington. North/East corner. Zara 
below. 5th floor. Or amytime Tuesday. 
,assist Rebecca. 
Have her call Rebecca to confirm when she wants to come 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Monday, October 31, 2016 8:12 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: 
can meet anytime convenient for you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00813001
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813002

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813003.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 14:11:17 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_9748.JPG; IMG_9718.JPG; IMG_9730.JPG; IMG_9705.JPG; IMG_9728.JPG 
Me and 
went to see Dave's show yesterday. Pumpkin which I craved participated j 4 ,St 
EFTA00813003

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813004.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: 
Subject: Ite: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 14:14:13 +0000 
which one is dave? 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 3:11 PM, 
> wrote: 
Me and 
went to see Dave's show yesterday. Pumpkin which I craved participated 
e 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813004

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813005.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: new intern, Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 14:18:10 +0000 
> 
Forwarded message 
From: Rebecca Drescher
Date: Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 3:15 PM 
Subject: RE: new intern, Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
To: Peggy Siegal <I 
, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Cc: Marisa Frank  
Here is the address: 
Let me know if you need anything else. 
Best, 
Rebecca 
From: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Monday, October 31, 2016 9:06 AM 
To: Jeffrey E. 
Cc: Marisa Frank; Rebecca Drescher 
Subject: Re: new intern, Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
Jeffrey... 
Sorry for the delay. 
I am free after lunch today 3:30pm at my office. 
Rebecca send address. It's last building on the left between Park Ave and Lexington. North/East corner. Zara 
below. 5th floor. Or amytime Tuesday. 
,assist Rebecca. 
Have her call Rebecca to confirm when she wants to come 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Monday, October 31, 2016 8:12 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: 
can meet anytime convenient for you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00813005
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813006

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813007.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella  
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 14:50:54 +0000 
wild beyond belief trip so far. . do you want to speak today? 1031 tra brh, planning for 16. artspace-
regan.- phaidon- miami. -art partnership. - fire drill, -will, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813007

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813008.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: new intern, Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 15:00:01 +0000 
Thank you Jeffrey! Should I call Rebecca now and set up the meeting today? 
On Oct 31, 2016, at 10:18 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Forwarded message 
From: Rebecca Drescher
Date: Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 3:15 PM 
Subject: RE: new intern. Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
To: Peggy Siegal - 
>, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Cc: Marisa Frank < 
l> 
Here is the address: 
Let me know if you need anything else. 
Best, 
Rebecca 
From: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Monday, October 31, 2016 9:06 AM 
To: Jeffrey E. 
Cc: Marisa Frank; Rebecca Drescher 
Subject: Re: new intern, Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
Jeffrey... 
Sorry for the delay. 
I am free after lunch today 3:30pm at my office. 
Rebecca send address. It's last building on the left between Park Ave and Lexington. North/East corner. Zara 
below. 5th floor. Or amytime Tuesday. 
,assist Rebecca. 
Have her call Rebecca to confirm when she wants to come 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent Monday, October 31, 2016 8:12 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: 
can meet anytime convenient for you. 
EFTA00813008
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813009

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813010.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: new intern, Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 15:13:32 +0000 
Ok great thank you for the suggestion ! 
On Oct 31, 2016, at 11:10 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
great . speak slowly, and clearly , you should say, Im not russian dont worry , i speak english. 
I went to 
school in london. peggy will love it 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 4:07 PM, 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey! How are you? Just spo e wit 
e ecca and she told me thAt peppy is sick and if I can come at 13 
tomorrow. 
On Oct 31, 2016, at 10:18 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Forwarded message 
From: Rebecca Drescher
Date: Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 3:15 PM 
Subject: RE: new intern, Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
To: Peggy Siegal <I 
"Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Cc: Marisa Frank
Here is the address: 
Let me know if you need anything else. 
Best, 
Rebecca 
From: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Monday, October 31, 2016 9:06 AM 
To: Jeffrey E. 
Cc: Marisa Frank; Rebecca Drescher 
Subject: Re: new intern, Monday after lunch or Tuesday all day 
Jeffrey... 
Sorry for the delay. 
I am free after lunch today 3:30pm at my office. 
Rebecca send address. It's last building on the left between Park Ave and Lexington. North/East corner. 
Zara below. 5th floor. Or amytime Tuesday. 
.assist Rebecca. 
EFTA00813010
--- PAGE 2 ---
Have her call Rebecca to confirm when she wants to come 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Monday, October 31, 2016 8:12 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: 
can meet anytime convenient for you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00813011
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813012

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813013.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 15:14:49 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_3799.JPG 
Yesterday with 
real rock star) 
W2, 
c iPhone 
wend to Dave's concert :) after concert I came up on a stage and took guitar :) felt like 
EFTA00813013

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813014.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: bellaklein 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 15:35:23 +0000 
Attachments: doc00991720161031102326.pdf 
Jeffrey, 
Please confirm that i can proceed with payment in the amount of $4300 to Dr Magnani for Lalasa post and 
crown. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
EFTA00813014

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813015.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Steve Bannon ..tj 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 22:50:09 +0000 
July ??? 
On May 8, 2018, at 2:41 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
https://www.wsj.comiarticles/italian-president-raises-specter-of-new-elections- 1525724093 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813015

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813016.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: bellaklein
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 15:45:16 +0000 
Attachments: doc00991720161031102326.pdf 
yes 
Forwarded message  
From: bellaklein  
Date: Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 4:35 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>
Jeffrey, 
Please confirm that i can proceed with payment in the amount of 
to Dr Magnani for 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813016

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813017.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Steve Bannon
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 22:57:11 +0000 
they need your help. . soo silly 
On Mon, May 7, 2018 at 6:50 PM Steve Bannon < 
> wrote: 
July ??? 
On May 8, 2018, at 2:41 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.cotn> wrote: 
https://www.wsj.corniarticles/ital ian-president-raises-specter-of-new-elections- 1525724093 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813017

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813018.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hi 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 16:42:38 +0000 
How are you? Thinking of you... 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
EFTA00813018

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813019.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Hi 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 16:48:15 +0000 
Rome and London 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Montag, 31. Oktober 2016 17:47 
To: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
Subject: Re: Hi 
paris you? 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 5:42 PM, Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
> wrote: 
How are you? Thinking of you... 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813019

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813020.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Hi 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 16:48:45 +0000 
How long Paris? 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Montag, 31. Oktober 2016 17:47 
To: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
Subject: Re: Hi 
paris you? 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 5:42 PM, Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
> wrote: 
How are you? Thinking of you... 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813020

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813021.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Ann Rodriquez • 
Subject: Re: GSJ: Staff bath 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 18:08:35 +0000 
dont do anything re staff bath yet. cistern yes. 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 6:59 PM, Ann Rodriquez 
wrote: 
Danny will install sinks and toilet by 11/4. 
He's working on Cistern at the moment 
Ann R. 
EFTA00813021
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813022

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813023.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Mitchell < 
>, Richard Kahn
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 22:59:13 +0000 
david, take the hercules. no issue. . xties couldnt find a buyer even at 700k. . TCO?? 82nd street. 
hotel.? adfin,?. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813023

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813024.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Larry <a> 
Subject: Re: DFR DAR visit 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 18:10:38 +0000 
it seems he is has taken ill hopefully before you leave. could you respond to my questions please 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 6:17 PM, Lany c 
wrote: 
Jeffery 
Message below from Husham,., he as not responded to the email we sent Friday requesting doc regarding Aux 
tank removal, reason for shop visit of engine of the 12k hour engine, do they have parts for the tanks,? Etc 
How should I respond? 
Sent from my iPad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Husham Osman
Date: October 31, 2016 at 2:21:41 PM GMT+1 
To: Larry Visoski c 
, Claire Brugirard < 
Subject: DFR DAR visit 
Dear Larry 
I hope you are ok 
When is the DAR planned to visit the aircraft? What we were hoping for is a call during his visit to roughly 
understand what issues could come up if any. You think you can arrange that for us please with him? 
Regards 
Husham 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00813024
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813025

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813026.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Thiel 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 18:16:41 +0000 
Hard to tell (all media people) -- but far from as hostile as I feared 
Get Outlook for iOS<https://aka.ms/o0ukef> 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 1:17 PM -0400, "jeffrey E." 
<jeevacation@gmail.conailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>> wrote: 
i loved the speech, and its delivery. what was the crowd reaction.? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.conailto:jeevacation®gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813026

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813027.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Nicholas Ribis
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 22:59:31 +0000 
news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813027

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813028.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Steve Bannon"
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 08 May 2018 07:00:58 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
RidONculous 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 22:57:11 +0000
To: Steve Bannon< 
fr" 
Subject: Re: 
they need your help. . soo silly 
On Mon, May 7, 2018 at 6:50 PM Steve Bannon < 
> wrote: 
July ??? 
On May 8, 2018, at 2:41 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
https://www.wsj.corniarticles/italian-president-raises-specter-ol-new-elections- 1525724093 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00813028
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813029

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813030.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ramsey Elkholy
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 21:13:38 +0000 
im in paris 
On Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 10:09 PM, Ramsey Elkholy < 
> wrote: 
Unless you want me to bring him to see you direct? Just didn't want to waste your time in case he's not serious. 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813030

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813031.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Daphne Wallace
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 21:14:33 +0000 
yes picture of pink circels. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813031

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813032.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: ann rodri uez 
, Rich IC
alir> 
, LSJ GSJ 
Subject: Punch List - October 31, 2016 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 21:15:01 +0000 
Attachments: Anna_GSJ-LSJ_Punchlist_10-31-2016.xls 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
Punch list of 10/31/2016 for your review and comments. 
Respectfully submitted, Daphne 
EFTA00813032

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813033.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Happy Halloween from CT! With 
Mom 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 22:51:33 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 7076.mov 
Happy Halloween from CT! With 
Mom 
EFTA00813033

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813034.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Mitchell 
Subject: 
etter 
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 23:26:14 +0000 
Attachments: Park_Partnersn
Letter_Offering_Partcipation_Rights_in_Member_Loan.pdf 
Dear Partner 
Please find attached letter in reference to 
If you should have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
745 Fifth Avenue, 5th Floor 
New York NY 10151 
USA 
EFTA00813034

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813035.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ramon Alonso
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Richard Kahn
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 23:03:18 +0000 
I think it would be perfect if they can meet in artefacto and sort it out together. 
Ramon Alonso 
On May 7, 2018, at 6:36 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
not sure , how we have gotten here. the room mood board with the white carpet , was great. the stuff paola 
proposed is nothing like it. dark wood , dark carpet.. rope lamps. . I suggest she go to artefacto. and see f we 
can order evrything. 
karyna can meet her . 
The photos we agreed are great. not sure why we are having 
so mnuch trouble copying what i already agreed. . ie she has rough painted wood side tables. are they in 
any bedroom you see. in the photos9m 
II NO 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813035

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813036.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Date: The, 01 Nov 2016 01:29:07 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 1067.JPG; IMG_1068.JPG; IMG_1069.JPG; IMG_1070.JPG; IMG_1071.JPG; 
IMG 1072.JPG 
..the lavender bathroom looks like this. 
tomorrow morning i will finish the bathroom and then i will do the lavender bedroom ceiling.. 
the white triangle on the ceiling in bathroom you can see in the pictures, i will paint it like the wall under.. 
From: Jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 30, 2016 6:50 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
fun 
make sure you do the touch ups on Isj, also have you tried a large canvas for classical. 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 1:42 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..stripes in lavender bathroom. they are all same size, white and lavender. they look different because of the 
tape.. i will finish it on the ceiling too 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:52 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Yes 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
i just measured the ceiling lines.. and they are 5 inches, and the lines would go down on the wall.. 
should i keep 5 inches or do 4 inches? 
From: Jeffrey E. cjeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 11:26 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola 
I> wrote: 
EFTA00813036
--- PAGE 2 ---
i just measured the wall, and in the picture i've sent you one line is 9.6 inches. should i make it 7 inch? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 10:54 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: gsj - lavender bath 
Thinner 
On Saturday, 29 October 2016, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning 
..i was thinking for the lavender bath on gsj to do some horizontal white stripes on the wall. both sides 
of the sink walls only and continuing on the ceiling too. 
in the attachment i photoshop-ed one image from yesterday. so it would look like in the picture.. 
is it ok? 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, October 29, 2016 4:56 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
closet doors yes 
On Sat, Oct 29, 2016 at 3:16 AM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i painted the lavender bathroom.. 
also i painted the closet doors.. i match them to the walls.. what do you think? 
should i paint the ceiling in the bathroom too? 
yesterday i did all the touch-ups in all cabanas on Isj. 
next week i will do the oil painting - detail of 'school of athens' 
ion 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2016 6:24 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
EFTA00813037
--- PAGE 3 ---
yes„ it looks good. thnaks 
On Wed, Oct 26, 2016 at 10:09 PM, ion nicola < 
hi jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
..i've sent you today an e-mail with pictures from chilax bathroom with colors i put on the walls. 
did you get the e-mail? 
thank you, 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:11 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
yes 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:10 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
ok. thanks 
the blue tape lines i put on the wall will be black.. 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 17, 2016 11:05 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: chillax bathrom 
nice , have fun 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 11:03 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
good morning, 
..i made the design on the wall using tape 1 inch and 1,5 inch for the lines. what do you think? 
i made it not symmetrical.. or should i do it symmetrical, somehow like in the last image 
attached? 
if we are going to do this design around the door and on the opposite wall where the mirror 
will be then maybe no horizontal lines on the sides walls.. it would be too much i guess. 
eventually the side walls could be that strong blue from the entrance, but more transparent.. 
so a little lighter.. 
what do you think? 
EFTA00813038
--- PAGE 4 ---
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:39 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 11:38 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
which image? no 1 or no 2? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 11:31 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
thinner lines . more delicate 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 9:47 PM, ion nicola *c
> wrote: 
..image nol..something like this, and somehow same design on the other wall where the 
sink is. on sides walls could be horizontal blue lines.. same strong blue like at the 
entrance 
or image not with a oblique squares design.. could be done with black or blue..same like 
at the entrance.., and i was thinking the cabinets under the sink could be blue or 
magenta. then on the opposite wall, we can put some orange..so you see thru the door 
the strong blue in the entrance room.. 
i think better if you are in the room to visualize it.. 
i dont know.., what do you think? 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, October 16, 2016 9:24 PM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
image? 
i think you can use the chillax nath image i gave you. I would like lsj to finish . 
so there is no smell or mess when i return 
On Sun, Oct 16, 2016 at 8:45 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
..i didn't know that you had to leave saturday.. 
i finished painting black the crown molding in chillax room.. 
i have some ideas for chillax bathroom.. i'll show you when you get back..better if you 
are here, then we can think it together. 
EFTA00813039
--- PAGE 5 ---
is it ok if tomorrow i will work on gsj at lavender bedroom's bathroom? i was thinking 
for that doing some horizontal one feet(maybe less) wide lines. same lavender color.. 
a little darker maybe. so then will be horizontal lines.. white and lavender.. 
in lavender bedroom i have to do also closet's doors, and the ceiling. i will put some 
sample on the ceiling too.. 
ion 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 10, 2016 10:27 AM 
To: ion nicola 
Subject: Re: painting gsj 
ill send some soon 
On Mon, Oct 10, 2016 at 8:10 AM, ion nicola c
> wrote: 
good morning! 
..anna told me you want me to paint 2 bedrooms in gsj.. can you give me some 
advise how would you like me to paint them? she said you will send me some images 
but i didnt get email from you.. 
thank you, 
ion 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813040
--- PAGE 6 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813041
--- PAGE 7 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00813042
--- PAGE 8 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or bye-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00813043
--- PAGE 9 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813044

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813045.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ehbarak
Subject: Re: touch base JE 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 09:30:45 +0000 
ok 
On Tue, Nov 1, 2016 at 3:13 AM, ehbarak < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeff 
Reporty moves on very good. 
Dramatic developments in your elections make everything possible. 
Worth a phone discussion. 
We are tomorrow in St. Louis MO. Then Peru and Chile. 10 days. Back in NY on Nov. 13. 
Let's try talk tomorrow. 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 31 Oct 2016, at 7:35, Jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
reporty? news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00813045
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813046

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813047.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 09:50:51 +0000 
https://www.theguardian.corn/us-news/20 I 6/jul/07/donald-trump-sexual-assault-lawsuits-norm-lubow 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813047

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813048.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Haakon Gundersen 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 10:57:56 +0000 
??? can i call you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813048

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813049.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Lang, Caroline" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 11:00:26 +0000 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813049

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813050.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicholas Ribis
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 23:06:40 +0000 
Getting there 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 7, 2018, at 7:00 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813050

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813051.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Noam Chomsky < 
>, Valeria Chomsky 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 11:00:50 +0000 
where are you guys ? having fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813051

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813052.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 11:27:42 +0000 
>, Stephen Hanson <1 
Attachments: Park Partners _ - _Letter Offering_Pancipation Rights_in_Member Loan.pdf 
again 
Forwarded message  
From: David Mitchell  
Date: Tue, Nov 1, 2016 at 12:26 AM 
Subject: 320 E 82nd St Letter 
To: 
Dear Partner 
Please find attached letter in reference to 
If you should have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
745 Fifth Avenue, 5th Floor 
New York NY 10151 
USA 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813052

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813053.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ehbarak
Subject: Re: touch base JE 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 11:30:32 +0000 
now? 
On Tue, Nov 1, 2016 at 3:13 AM, ehbarak < 
wrote: 
Hi Jeff 
Reporty moves on very good. 
Dramatic developments in your elections make everything possible. 
Worth a phone discussion. 
We are tomorrow in St. Louis MO. Then Peru and Chile. 10 days. Back in NY on Nov. 13. 
Let's try talk tomorrow. 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 31 Oct 2016, at 7:35, Jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
reporty? news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00813053
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813054

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813055.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkennann I Junkermanngroup 
To: ehbarak 
CC: Jeffrey E. <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: News 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 11:46:23 +0000 
Dear Ehud, 
I got the most recent Board report, thank you. 
On the whole, seemed quite positive, well done on keeping the momentum! 
And great to see CEO move to NY. 
Couple of requests and thoughts... 
1. 
Can you send me the convertible note terms please and the agreement itself, I never got this 
2. 
When do you envisage the advisory committee commencing? 
On reading the report a couple of ideas struck me, which I think are worth considering... 
1. 
For improving daily/monthly usage — have you considered a feature ranking the top 1O clips/stories from today, 
this week, this month, all time, etc. Will appeal to people's fascination and reinforce the benefit of Reporty. 
2. 
In targeting tourists — I think the airlines could be a very effective partner for us, has this been considered? 
Best, 
Nicole 
EFTA00813055

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813056.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup I 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: Questions on the REPORTY monthly 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 12:04:35 +0000 
Attachments: Questions_on_the_report_Reporty.docx 
let me know if you do not want to see the updates 
From: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
Sent: mardi 1 novembre 2016 12:04 
To: Amir Elichai 
Cc: 'ehbarak' 
Subject: Questions on the REPORTY monthly 
Dear Amir, 
I am well and hopefully we have the opportunity to see us soon. 
Thank you for sending your Report. Attached you will find our observation, hopefully you find them helpful. 
Have a nice day 
Nicole 
EFTA00813056

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813057.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L."
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 07 May 2018 23:13:26 +0000 
you asked that i ping you re AYH 
. thoughts? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813057

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813058.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Sh
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 12:04:52 +0000 
congragulations . sorry i cannot be there. 
On Tue, Nov 1, 2016 at 12:55 PM, Sh < 
Cousin brother 
Am in cairo for my sons wedding -
You promised to come 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
On Nov I, 2016, at 13:37, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lm in Paris? you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813058

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813059.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: bellaklein 
>, Richard Kahn < 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 12:06:11 +0000 
valdson hs been using credit card for euros ok but please refresh asap 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813059

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813060.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stephen Hanson
To: Jeffrey / E / Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Life Hotel Investor Letter 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 12:27:35 +0000 
Attachments: Life_Hotel_NYCn
Investor_Lettern
10.31.16.pdf 
Fluff letter 
Sent from my iPad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: David Mitchell
Date: October 31, 2016 at 7:21:16 PM EDT 
Subject: Life Hotel Investor Letter 
Dear Partner, 
Please see the attached investor letter and related information for Life Hotel. 
Thank you again for your trust. If you should have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
745 Fifth Avenue, 5th Floor 
New York NY 10151 
USA 
EFTA00813060

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813061.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ehbarak
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: touch base JE 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 13:10:42 +0000 
Just saw it. Sony. On the plane. I'll try to call around 2pm if that works for you. 
#? 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 1 Nov 2016, at 7:30, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
now? 
On Tue, Nov 1, 2016 at 3:13 AM, ehbarak < 
wrote: 
Hi Jeff 
Reporty moves on very good. 
Dramatic developments in your elections make everything possible. 
Worth a phone discussion. 
We are tomorrow in St. Louis MO. Then Peru and Chile. 10 days. Back in NY on Nov. 13. 
Let's try talk tomorrow. 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 31 Oct 2016, at 7:35, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
reporty? news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813061
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813062

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813063.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal <1 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 13:54:37 +0000 
Saudi 
On Tuesday, 1 November 2016, Peggy Siegal 
> wrote: 
Who is that? P 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent lbesday, November 1, 2016 9:39 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: 
Is Khalid falih on your A list 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813063

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813064.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Subject: Fwd: Aziza/Nageete at the Saudi Arabia Consulate 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 14:14:29 +0000 
99??9999 
Forwarded message  
From: 
Date: Tuesday, 1 November 2016 
Subject: Aziza/Nageete at the Saudi Arabia Consulate 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Aziza suggests we go to the Saudi Arabia Consulate today with your passport and ask to speak with Nageete re 
your visa...she says to tell them when we arrive at gate that you,Jeffrey Epstein, has an invitation from His 
Royal Highness: PRINCE mohammed bin salman and HE: Raafat alsabbagh to visit their country and it is 
urgent we speak with Nageete about your visa as he left a voice mail saying he needed to speak with you about 
the visa. She says if there is any problem to call her on her cell and she will speak to them in Arabic...but she 
does not think there will be a problem. Would you like 
to go to the consulate today with your 4 year 
passport re your visa? 
The Royal Consulate General of Saudi Arabia 
RRIi gartvid AVP Naw Vnrk NV 10017
http://embassies.mofa.gov.saisites/usa/EN/NYConsulate/Pages/default.aspx 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00813064

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813065.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff  
To: Dave Rodgers < 
>, Larry Visoski 
Cc: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Tue, 01 Nov 2016 14:26:32 +0000 
Please see below. I have asked Jabor and Sultan if they can provide the information as well. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: aziza alahmadi
Date: November 1, 2016 at 10:21:45 AM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff 
Cc: Dave Rodgers 
, Larry Visoski Larry
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
On Nov 1. 2016. at 4:41 PM, Lesley Groff <1 
1. Name of the Business Contact 
Royal court 
2. Phone number of the Business Contact 
3. Email address of the Business Contact 
i dont have 
4. If possible, please advise physical addres 
Kingdom of Saudi arabia , Riyadah 
> wrote: 
EFTA00813065

--- SOURCE: 0303__EFTA00813066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0303
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00813066.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: IMMt=MI
> 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: The, 01 Nov 2016 15:15:08 +0000 
Attachments: IMG222.jpg 
:11 
EFTA00813066
